###Chapter 1
Chapter 1 
Arriving at the Civil Affairs Bureau, Vivian William was utterly dismayed to discover that the man whom she was supposed to get her marriage certificate with had yet to arrive. 
It was already more than half an hour past their agreed-upon time. Just as she was about to contact him, he called her instead. 
As soon as she picked up, his furious voice blared out through the phone, “Vivian William, you liar! Have you forgotten about the sort of shameful things you’d done back in university? How dare you even think about marrying me now? Let me tell you something. That will only ever happen in your dreams! It has become rather clear to me now, seeing as you were quick to bring up marriage despite us only knowing each other for three days! If it weren’t for my ex-girlfriend having studied in the same university as you, I would’ve gotten tricked by you! You shameless woman!” 
With that, he hung up. 
Vivian did not even get a chance to explain herself. 
The fingers clenching her phone were turning white while her lips moved soundlessly. 
The man had not bother to tone down his voice at all, which meant that a lot of people had overheard her phone call. The gazes that everyone else had shot her were ones filled with scorn and disgust, stabbing into her like thousands of needles. 
It was exactly like that nightmarish night two years ago. 
She felt as though she was being swallowed in the darkness. No matter how hard she tried, there was simply no escape…
Beads of sweat formed upon her forehead as she paled dramatically. Without realizing, her whole body had begun to tremble uncontrollably. 
Off to the side, a pair of dark, fathomless eyes watched the shivering woman thoughtfully while his slender fingers tapped on the armrests of his wheelchair. 
“Mr. Norton.” At that moment, a young man hurried over to Finnick Norton’s side. Leaning down, he whispered, “Ms. Lopez has informed me that she’s still stuck in traffic. She has said that it might take her at least an hour to get here.” 
“You can tell her to go back home. Tell her not to bother to come anymore.” Finnick did not even bother to turn his head. His sharp gaze was fixated on Vivian as he added placidly, “I don’t like pretentious women.” 
“But…” The young man, his assistant had an upset look upon his face. “Your grandfather is pushing really hard for you to get married…” 
As though he had not heard his assistant’s words, Finnick pushed the button on his wheelchair to move towards Vivian. 
“Excuse me, miss? Would you please marry me?” 
A crisp voice rang out, dragging Vivian out of the darkness that was threatening to swallow her whole. 
Raising her head, she was slightly surprised at what had met her eyes. 
She did not know when it happened, but a wheelchair-bound man seemed to come to a stop in front of her. 
His features were so perfect that they would take anyone’s breath away. Sharply defined brows that rested on a chiseled face, it looked as though his face was sculpted out of marble. He emerged
resembling flawless masterpiece. 
Despite the simplicity of his white dress shirt, the design accentuated his lean, yet powerful build. 
Being seated in a wheelchair did not take anything away from his noble and proud air at all. On the contrary, it only seemed to make him appear more aloof and unapproachable. 
It was not until the man repeated his question that Vivian snapped out of the daze that she had fallen into. 
“What?” 
“I could not help but overhear your conversation earlier. You’re in a hurry to get married, aren’t you?” 
Her breath was stuck in her lungs at his words, as humiliation and distress swept through her. 
Not waiting for her to reply, the man continued in an indifferent tone. “What a coincidence. I’m in the same boat. Since our goals are alike, why don’t we lend each other a hand?” The way he said it made it sound as though he was talking about a business deal, not one of the most important events of life itself. 
At this point, Vivian finally understood that this man was being serious about them getting married.Nonetheless, we’ve only just met! Getting married right off the bat is far too outrageous! 
“Mister, we don’t even know each other! Don’t you think that you’re being a little too hasty and impulsive?” 
“You didn’t know those men whom you went on blind dates with either.” 
His reply was calm and straightforward, catching Vivian off guard, leaving her speechless.
“Oh, I get it now. You’re looking down on me because I’m a cripple, aren’t you?” 
“Of course not!” – was her automatic response. When she caught sight of the small glimmer of amusement in his dark orbs, she realized that she was doing exactly what he had wanted her to. 
“Miss.” He folded his hands on his lap neatly before he fixed her a burning gaze. “I’m pretty certain that you need this marriage very badly. If you miss out on this chance now, what makes you think that you’ll get another?” 
She had to admit that he was very convincing.He’s right. I desperately need this marriage. Truthfully, it’s probably more accurate to say that I need to be registered in a household account here in this city. Only then will I be eligible to apply for health insurance here, to pay for Mom’s expensive medical bills. 
Seconds ticked by as she stared at the man for a very long while. At long last, she squeezed out, “Are you a permanent resident here, in Sunshine City?” 
His lips curled up into a small smirk. “Yes.” 
Once again, Vivian fell silent. Her fingers tightened on her household register. 
Although he was crippled, the man before her possessed the mannerism and looks that were certainly leagues ahead of those horrible men that she had been blind dating recently.Oh Vivian, hasn’t your sole aim for the past three months been to get married to a local resident as fast as you can? Now, the opportunity to do so is practically leaping into your arms!Why are you still hesitating? 
Conflicting emotions swirled within her. In the end, she bit her lip and firmed her resolve. The woman nodded in agreement. “Alright, I agree.”
###Chapter 2
Chapter 2 
One hour later, Vivian walked out of the Civil Affairs Bureau with the red marriage certificate clutched in her hands. She felt as though she was floating on air as if everything had been nothing but a dream. 
Never had she ever thought that she would one day suddenly marry a man that she had only met by chance.Perhaps this is fate? 
Lowering her eyes, she gazed at the photo of them sitting side by side. The man’s expression was blank, while hers evidently displayed her unease and reservations. 
Beneath that photo were both of their names.How absurd is it that I’ve only just come to learn of my new husband’s name? From a marriage certificate, of all things!Finnick Norton. A simple but fitting name for a man like him. 
“Vivian William?” 
The man- Finnick, was also staring at his marriage certificate. He pronounced her name slowly, the low timbre of his voice causing it to roll off his tongue smoothly. The way he uttered it sent shivers running down her spine. 
She was still reeling from her change in marital status when a hand suddenly appeared right before her. A card was pinched between its two fingers. 
“Ms. William, I’m aware that having a wedding and getting a wedding ring are some of the most anticipated events for a woman. Unfortunately, I’m sorry to say that I don’t have the time to deal with all that. If you’d really like a ring, you can choose one yourself.” 
Tilting her head backwards, Vivian met Finnick’s unreadable gaze.
“There’s no need for that.” She hurriedly waved her hands in refusal at him. “I don’t care for such formalities.” 
She was long past the age where she would care for such romantic gestures. More importantly, she did not want to feel like she had owed him anything, even though he was lawfully her husband. 
“At the very least, get a ring.” With that said, he grabbed her wrist, as he stuffed his card into her hand. 
The moment their hands brushed against each other, the slight difference in their temperature sent a jolt, rushing through Vivian. She was rather surprised by his warmth. 
“Fine then.” Since they were newlyweds, so to speak, she did not want to get into an argument with him over his good intentions. Hence, she accepted the card and kept it aside in her bag. 
“I have a meeting in the afternoon, so I’ll be leaving first. You’ll have to find your own transport.” His tone of voice was as neutral as ever. 
“Okay.” She had not held any hope that he would actually treat her like a real wife, someone who he would love and spoil. That was why she was not disappointed at all that he was leaving her there. 
Abruptly remembering something, he spoke up again, “By the way, I’ll send you my home address later today. Just move in when it’s convenient for you.” 
They had exchanged their phone numbers earlier when they were getting their marriage certificates. 
“I’m not in any hurry!” she quickly responded. 
Although it made sense that they would need to stay together after marrying, the truth was that she was simply not prepared to live under the same roof as a stranger just yet.
Perhaps the rejection in her tone was too obvious, as Finnick soon lifted his head to glance at her. Vivian flushed a little, in embarrassment. 
However, he did not respond to that. All he did was push a button on his wheelchair to turn it in another direction. “If there’s nothing else, I’ll be taking my leave now.” 
“Alright.” 
She waited for him to get into a black car before she soon took to depart as well. 
After that, she immediately called her company’s Human Resource Department. She told them that she was going to be registered in Sunshine City very soon. 
She heaved a deep sigh of relief once it was confirmed that they would apply for the local health insurance for both her and her family. 
While getting married today was quite a rash decision on her part, at the very least, she had finally managed to resolve the matter that had been plaguing her with worry for a while now. At last, she would not need to agonize over her mother’s medical bills. 
Upon arriving at Glamour Magazine, her workplace, Vivian found that the time for their afternoon interview had yet to arrive. 
Using her remaining time, she headed over to the shopping mall next door, to buy a pair of wedding rings with the card that Finnick had given her. 
Thereafter, she returned to her desk and sat down, planning on going through the information on this afternoon’s interview one last time. Just then, Sarah slid her office chair over. Her eyes were gleaming as she asked, “Vivian, what’s up with the ring?”
“Quite the observant one, aren’t you?” Vivian had no intention of hiding anything. After all, the Human Resource Department already knew that she had transferred her household register. Everyone in the company would soon come to know of her change in marital status. “I’ve recently gotten married.” 
“Congratulations, Vivian!” Sarah scrutinized the ring, commenting, “Did your husband gift you this? It’s not a very big diamond, is it? How much did it cost?” 
“A little over one thousand.” 
Vivian did not know anything about Finnick’s financial background so she had chosen a pair of the cheapest and simplest rings that she could find. 
Sarah’s brows furrowed and she stated with a solemn expression on her face, “Vivian, that simply won’t do at all! A wedding ring is a symbol of your marriage. How dependable can a man be, if he won’t even buy you a better ring?” 
“It’s fine. He’s just doing the best that he can,” Vivian answered. Noting the sympathetic look in the other woman’s eyes, she realized that Sarah probably thought that her new husband was not very well- off. 
“That’s enough. Let’s not talk about this anymore.” She swiftly changed the subject, unwilling to linger on it any longer. “Are you ready for the interview later?” 
“Hahaha, most definitely!” Vivian’s distraction tactic had been successful, as Sarah soon gestured towards her attire. “Vivian, what do you think? Am I beautiful?” 
It was only then Vivian noticed that her colleague was dressed in a pink and white skirt dress set. Her hair had also been styled carefully. 
“You look amazing!” Vivian complimented.
Tickled pink by her words of praise, Sarah’s eyes soon lit up in delight. “Then, do you suppose that I’ll have a chance with the wealthy, bachelor president of Finnor Group?”
###Chapter 3
Chapter 3 
Vivian blinked in surprise, as an understanding dawned upon her as to why Sarah had gone through so much trouble to doll herself up. The person that they would be interviewing later this afternoon was the president of Finnor Group. 
In Sunshine City, Finnor Group was akin to that of a legend. 
Three years ago, the company suddenly popped up out of nowhere. Rapidly, it managed to make a name for itself in the finance industry, using extremely aggressive methods. 
Within the next three years, it managed to become one of the financial magnates of Sunshine City, as it was on par with the top three families in the city. 
Yet, what had caught everyone’s attention more, was the president of the company. 
Even now, nobody knew what his name was, or how he looked like. His entire identity was a mystery, a fact that only added more to his allure. 
There was no better example to use, than Sarah, who specifically took time to dress up, when she found out they were going to interview the elusive president. 
Amusement glinted in Vivian’s eyes as she teased, “Sarah, are you sure that you’d want to leave such a good impression on him? Aren’t you worried that the president might be a bald, old man?” 
“Pfft! I don’t believe that!” Sarah stomped her foot in annoyance. “Rumor has it that he’s supposed to be really young!” 
In contrast to Sarah’s hopeful expression, Jenny was entirely serious as she stated, “This interview is a once in a lifetime opportunity, so we need to be fully prepared for it. This is the first time that the
president actually accepted a media interview. Our sales will definitely reach an all-time high if we managed to get a photo of him.” 
Vivian nodded in understanding. 
It was true that the president of Finnor Group had never once accepted an interview before. When Glamour Magazine first sent an invite over, he had initially refused, as per usual. Inexplicably, a call came in yesterday, saying that he had agreed to it. 
Needless to say, the sudden good news had shocked the chief editors. 
Upon running through the contents of the interview one last time, Vivian, Sarah, and Jenny headed over to Finnor Group with a photographer. 
Finnor Group was located in the financial district of Sunshine City. They greeted the receptionist on the first floor, stating the reason for their visit. Then, they took the elevator all the way up to the top floor. 
“Are you from Glamour Magazine?” The secretary came over to welcome them the moment they stepped out of the elevator. “Mr. Norton is already waiting inside for you.” 
With that said, she led them into the president’s office. 
Vivian paused slightly when she heard the secretary’s words. 
Mr. Norton? Who would have thought that the president of Finnor Group would share the same surname as my new husband? 
Right before they entered, the nervous Sarah tugged on Vivian’s sleeve, whispering, “Is my hair alright? Is it messy? Oh, it better not be messed up…” 
Snickering softly, Vivian murmured in return, “You’re fine. Not a single hair is out of place. It’s-”
At that moment, she happened to glance into the office as she spoke. Upon spotting the figure by the windows, she stiffened in surprise and trailed off. All thoughts about reassuring Sarah soon vanished. 
Just then, Sarah’s gaze landed on the man as well. Soon enough, she forgot all about her appearance. The shock was evident in her voice as she muttered, “Oh my god, the president of Finnor Group… He’s actually sitting in a wheelchair?” 
Before Vivian could say anything, the wheelchair slowly whirled around to face them. 
Sarah gasped. “Woah! H-he’s so handsome! He’s more handsome than a celebrity!” 
The fact that he was sitting in a wheelchair was completely overshadowed by his attractiveness. Hence, Sarah could not contain her awed whispers. 
Vivian did not hear a single word that she had uttered. 
Her attention was focused on the man too, but for entirely different reasons than her colleague. At that moment, her brain felt as though it had stopped working, as she stared at him, utterly dumbfounded. 
The rays of light pouring in from the window had cast the sharp angles of his face in the shadows, while his dark orbs were as cold as ever. 
It was Finnick. 
The president of Finnor Group is Finnick?
###Chapter 4
Chapter 4 
The revelation stunned Vivian. Before she could react, Finnick shot them a small smile. “You are from Glamour Magazine, right? Please take a seat.” 
“Vivian, what are you still standing around for?” 
The reminder from Sarah snapped Vivian out of her daze, as she soon followed them to the couch. 
Finnick glided over and stopped in front of them. Sarah’s face was full of excitement as she asked, “Mr. Norton, may we begin?” 
“Sure.” Finnick’s expression was rather placid. Up till now, he had not even given Vivian a second glance. It was almost like they were complete strangers. 
His distant attitude had even caused Vivian to wonder if this man was just a random person who had a striking resemblance to her new husband. 
“Well… Mr. Norton, since you’ve been very mysterious so far, everyone is dying to know what your full name is.” Blushing a bright red, Sarah began the interview. “Do you mind telling us your name?” 
“Finnick Norton,” he replied succinctly. The moment the words left his thin lips, Vivian’s hopes were dashed. 
Finnick Norton. He really is my new husband! 
“Finnick Norton. What a pleasant name!” Jenny flattered with a smile. “Next, we would like to ask you a series of questions.”
With that, Jenny turned to shoot Vivian a pointed look. Upon noticing that Vivian was still staring at Finnick stupidly, she surreptitiously pinched the daydreaming woman. 
“Ouch!” Vivian exclaimed in pain as she returned to her senses. 
Before coming here, they had all agreed that Vivian would do the interview, while Sarah and Jenny jotted down the notes. 
Faced with Jenny’s reproving glare, Vivian quickly calmed her raging emotions as she put on a professional air. “Mr. Norton, are you a local of Sunshine City?” 
“I guess you could say that I’m half a local.” In stark contrast to Vivian’s earlier panic, Finnick was as cool as a cucumber. “I was born here but I’d left for A Nation when I was really young.” 
At his words, Vivian suddenly felt like she had wanted to burst out in laughter. The man sitting across from her was supposed to be her husband, yet she knew absolutely nothing about him. 
However, she was working now, so she pushed aside her random thoughts. She continued the interview, going down the list of questions that they had prepared beforehand. 
The interview went on smoothly after that. Finnick was rather cooperative, albeit a little cold. Still, he was nothing like the unreasonable and unkind man that the rumors said he was. 
Getting into the flow of things, Vivian temporarily forgot that she was actually interviewing her husband. However, when her eyes landed on the next question, her words got stuck in her throat. An awkward silence descended upon the office. 
“Vivian, what are you doing?” Sarah nudged her.
She plastered an apologetic smile on her face. “My apologies, Mr. Norton. This next question is rather personal and I’m sure that a lot of our female readers will be interested in your answer.” Squashing aside the strange feeling that was burning in her chest, Vivian forced herself to ask, “Are you single, Mr. Norton?” 
Vivian could have bitten off her tongue at the stupid question that had escaped her lips. 
Ugh, if only Sarah and Jenny weren’t here right now. I wouldn’t have to ask this question that I already know the answer to! 
Nervous, she raised her head to glance into Finnick’s eyes. She could have sworn that she had glimpsed a slight hint of amusement, flashing through his emotionless orbs. 
However, it was gone as fast as it had come, leaving her to wonder if she had merely imagined it. 
He opened his mouth and drawled, “Well… what do you think, miss?”
###Chapter 5
Chapter 5 
Vivian’s heart skipped a beat at his response. 
What do I think? I don’t even need to think about it! 
Despite her inner thoughts, she still managed to quirk her lips up in a small grin. “Let me guess… A man with such outstanding achievements as yourself, I’m certain that you’re already married. Am I right, Mr. Norton?” 
Thereafter, she avoided his gaze, as guilt crept up on her. In the next instant, she berated herself for feeling so. 
Why should I feel guilty? He’s the one who had concealed his real identity from me! He kept pretending that he didn’t know me! I’m not in the wrong here! 
Across from her, Finnick took note of the minor changes in her expressions, as her conflicting emotions played out, all over her face. 
Almost imperceptibly, his lips twitched upwards. 
Even before this interview, he already knew that she would be the one who would be interviewing him. In all actuality, it was probably more accurate to say that he had only agreed to it because he found out that she worked at Glamour Magazine. 
She thought that today was the first time that they had met. In truth, he had seen her three days ago when she was on a blind date. 
At that time, he was quite certain that he had never seen her before. Yet, somehow, she seemed incredibly familiar to him. Thus, he instructed his men to investigate her.
It was pure coincidence that he had met her again, this morning, at the Civil Affairs Bureau. The man whom she was supposed to marry had not shown up. He had even called to humiliate her. 
Recalling the information that his men had found out, he had approached her and suggested that they marry each other instead. 
He had tossed the earlier question to her to answer because he wanted to tease her. He had not expected that she would be so nervous and shy about it. It did not match what he had known of her past at all. 
The serene look on his face was unchanging as he uttered, “Yes, I’m already married. It only happened in the past few days actually.” 
As he said that, his eyes flicked over to Vivian, causing her heart to pound faster. 
Before she could respond, Sarah let out an exaggerated cry of dismay. 
“Mr. Norton, you’re already married? Aww, all our female readers are going to be heartbroken!” Sarah sighed mournfully before she perked up and prodded, “I wonder what sort of woman Mr. Norton’s wife is? Is she a daughter from one of the influential families?” 
“Sarah!” Vivian tugged at the nosy woman’s arm. That’s certainly not on the list of questions that we had prepared. It’s way too personal and it’s rather rude too! 
Thankfully, Finnick did not get upset. He smiled blandly as he chose to remain silent. 
“Alright, that’s enough of asking Mr. Norton about his private life. Let’s move on to the questions related to the company.” Not wanting to linger on the topic of marriage for too long, Vivian hurriedly brought the interview back on track.
The next few questions were straight to the point, as they were entirely focused on his job. At long last, the interview ended on a safe note. 
“I’m very happy to have received this interview from Glamour Magazine.” Finnick shook each of their hands after the session had ended. When it was Vivian’s turn, he paused for a second, his gaze fixed on the ring that she was wearing. His lips curled up into a smirk. “What a beautiful ring.” 
Vivian’s cheeks felt warm, as a blush bloomed upon her face. She snatched her hand back and followed the others out of the office. 
The tension running through her only diminished, once they had exited. 
Beside her, Sarah shrieked in joy, “Oh my god! I actually shook hands with the president of Finnor Group! I’m not going to wash my hand for a week!” 
Exasperated, Vivian was about to chastise the other woman, when she saw Finnick’s secretary walking towards them. There were several small but intricate boxes in her hands. 
“Hello, this is a small token of appreciation from our president to each of you. Please accept it.” 
Accepting one of the boxes, Sarah was increasingly ecstatic. “Oh wow, we’d even received a gift too! How thoughtful of Mr. Norton!” 
She eagerly opened the box, revealing a Chanel silk scarf inside. 
“Damn, it’s not surprising that he’s the president! His generosity is really something!” she gushed. “Look, we each have a different color too! Vivian, hurry up and open yours. I want to see what color yours is.”
Vivian did not wish to open the box, but Sarah continued to wheedle her relentlessly. Unable to bear it any longer, she lifted the lid. 
Upon catching a glimpse of what was inside, her face fell. She quickly slammed the lid shut, before the others could see what it was.
###Chapter 6
Chapter 6 
“I-It’s nothing,” Vivian stammered, her heart hammering against her ribs. She tucked the velvet box behind her back, a flush creeping up her neck. “It’s the same color as yours, Sarah. Look, I’m having a sudden stomachache—I really need to find a bathroom!”
Without waiting for a reply, she fled toward the nearest restroom. Once she was safely locked inside a stall, she sat on the lid of the toilet and carefully reopened the box.
Unlike the silk scarves the others had received, a heavy set of keys lay nestled in the satin lining.
As she stared at them in a daze, her phone buzzed with a new message. It was from Finnick—a home address located in the most prestigious villa district in Sunshine City.
The keys. The address. He was serious about her moving in. I suppose it makes sense, she thought, her mind racing. We are legally married, after all. It’s only natural for a husband and wife to live together... even if we are practically strangers.
When she returned to the office, the atmosphere was electric. The team had captured several stunning shots of Finnick during the interview, but they hadn't dared to publish them without his explicit consent.
The chief editor had called Finnick’s office, more out of hope than expectation. The president of the Finnor Group was a man of shadows; agreeing to an interview was already a miracle. To the utter amazement of the entire staff, Finnick had actually agreed.
“No way! He’s letting us publish his photo? We’re going to be famous!”
“Quick, show us! Is he really as handsome as Sarah says?”
Now that they had the green light, the photos were pulled up on the monitors. A chorus of squeals and gasps erupted from the female staff.
“Hot damn! He’s gorgeous! Sarah, your description didn't even do him justice.”
“Seriously, he puts every celebrity I know to shame!”
“Wait... look at the chair. Is that... a wheelchair?”
A hush fell over the room as they noticed the sleek, motorized chair Finnick was seated in.
Sarah spoke up quickly, her chin tilted defiantly. “Yeah, Mr. Norton is wheelchair-bound. But so what? He’s brilliant, handsome, and filthy rich. To me, he’s still the ultimate Prince Charming.”
The women murmured in agreement, much to the annoyance of their male colleagues. One of the men scoffed, a jealous edge to his voice. “Who cares if he’s rich? You realize eighty percent of men in wheelchairs can’t ‘perform’ anymore, right?”
“Exactly,” another chimed in with a smirk. “Poor girl who married him is basically signing up for a lifetime of celibacy.”
Cough, cough, cough!
Vivian, who had been trying to blend into the background while drinking her water, nearly sprayed the liquid across her desk. She choked, coughing violently as her face turned beet red.
A colleague patted her back. “Vivian, you okay? Looks like Mr. Norton’s charms are a bit much for our calmest editor to handle, huh?”
“Yeah!” Sarah teased. “You should have seen her at the interview. She was so nervous she could barely look at him.”
“I was not!” Vivian protested, wiping her mouth. “I just... it was a high-pressure interview.”
Sarah sighed dreamily, ignoring her. “If it weren’t for his legs, he’d be the perfect romance novel lead. He’s simply too perfect.”

The following week was a blur of activity as the magazine prepared the Finnick Norton feature. By the time the weekend arrived, Vivian was exhausted, but she didn't have the luxury of resting. After visiting her mother at the hospital, she went home to pack her life into a few suitcases.
She didn't want to delay the move. If they were doing this, she wanted to prove she was sincere about their arrangement.
Finnick’s villa was a masterpiece of mid-century modern architecture—imposing, elegant, and sprawling. The household was quiet, managed by an elderly couple named Liam and Molly. Liam helped Vivian carry her luggage to the master bedroom on the second floor.
The room was minimalist but luxurious. When Vivian opened the closet, she saw that half was filled with sharp, expensive men’s suits, while the other half was completely empty. The reality hit her: they would be sharing a room.
By the time she finished unpacking, it was late, and Finnick was still not home. After a quiet dinner of spaghetti prepared by Molly, Vivian returned upstairs to wash away the stress of the day.
She stepped out of the shower, reaching for a towel, only to realize with a jolt of horror that she had left her bag in the bedroom. She had nothing to cover herself with.
Cursing her own carelessness, she waited a few moments, listening for any sound in the bedroom. Silence. She cracked the door open and peeked out. The coast was clear.
Vivian stepped out, her skin still glistening with droplets of water, and sprinted toward the closet. But just as she reached for a towel, she heard the distinct click of the bedroom door opening.
She whirled around, her heart stopping. Finnick was there, having just rolled into the room.
The air left the room in an instant. Finnick froze, his expression shifting from surprise to a dark, intense shock. He clearly hadn't expected his new wife to be quite so... welcoming.
Vivian stood paralyzed for a heartbeat before her brain screamed at her to move. She let out a muffled shriek and turned to bolt back to the bathroom.
But the floor was slick with the water she had tracked across the room. Her feet slid out from under her, and she felt herself falling forward.
“Watch out!”
Finnick reacted with startling speed, maneuvering his wheelchair forward to catch her. He succeeded, but the force of the fall sent Vivian tumbling directly onto his lap.
As his hands braced her wet, soft skin, he went perfectly still. Vivian, mortified, kept her head down, the heat in her cheeks reaching a fever pitch.
She wasn't a classic beauty, but her features were delicate and timeless—the kind of face that became more captivating the longer one looked. Without makeup, her skin was luminous, and the water trickled down her collarbone in slow, shimmering beads.
Finnick swallowed hard, his throat suddenly bone-dry. His eyes darkened with an intensity that made Vivian’s breath hitch.
She finally found the courage to look up, meeting his heated gaze. She wasn't a child; she knew exactly what that look meant.
“S-sorry...” she whispered, her voice trembling. She scrambled to find her footing, but in her haste, her hands landed squarely on his thighs, causing her to pause for one breathless, heart-stopping second.
###Chapter 7
Chapter 7 
However, there was no time to think over what she had felt. Not daring to look Finnick in the eyes again, she rushed for the bathroom. 
Slamming the door shut, she leaned back against it, with her heart thumping in her chest rapidly. 
That was too close! Just a little bit more and… 
Just the thought of what could have happened scared her. At the same time, she was a little puzzled. 
We’re officially married, so technically us doing ‘that’ is normal and within reason. Is it mean of me to run off like that? 
Even as she wondered this, the dangerous look in his eyes flashed past her mind again. She could not help the shiver that had run down her spine. 
This was only the third time that she and Finnick had seen each other. She could not accept them having sexual relations, after only knowing each other for such a short period of time. 
Nevertheless, taking into account his earlier reaction, did that mean that her male colleagues had been wrong? Finnick had been affected, just like any other normal man. So, did that mean that he was not affected at all in ‘that’ way, despite being crippled? 
Realizing where her thoughts were heading, she mentally slapped herself. 
Vivian William, what are you thinking! Why do you care about whether those functions of his are normal? The only reason that you’d married him was to get in the household register of Sunshine City! Stop thinking about all this other nonsense!
Though, there was one thing that was very strange. 
When she had fallen into Finnick’s lap earlier, she had accidentally touched his legs. 
She had always thought that wheelchair-bound people would have thin, weak legs, from not being able to use their muscles. Oddly enough, his legs were actually quite firm. They were nothing at all like how a crippled man’s legs should be… 
Knock, knock. 
The sudden rapping on the bathroom door had cut through her chaotic thought processes. 
Nearly jumping out of her skin, Vivian lifted her head to stare at the door. “What?” 
“Open the door.” Finnick’s deep voice called out from the other side. 
Her heart leaped to her throat as it threatened to crawl out of her mouth. 
Open the door? Why? 
Recalling the lustful look in his eyes earlier, her fingers gripped the countertop harder, as her imagination ran wild. 
Since Finnick did not get a reply from her, he spoke up again, “You’d dropped something.” 
At such words, her thoughts screeched to a halt, as she soon hesitated. Several moments later, she approached the door and opened it up a tiny sliver. 
A fine-boned hand appeared, with a fluffy white towel. 
Vivian was taken aback.
“You were looking for this earlier, weren’t you? That’s why you had come out.” There was a barely noticeable note of laughter in his tone, causing her to blush brightly. 
“Thank you,” she murmured while accepting the towel. She hastily closed the door after that. 
When she was done drying and dressing, she exited the bathroom to see Finnick already dressed in navy blue silk pajamas. He was sitting on the bed, with his laptop on his legs. His fingers flew across his keyboard rapidly, as he seemed engrossed with whatever he was doing. 
This scene had Vivian’s curiosity rearing its head again. 
She had thought that with him having difficulties getting around, he would have had a lot more servants to care for him. Yet, there were only Molly and Liam in this entire house to look after his needs. It is strange that he does not have a personal caretaker. 
How did he get on the bed himself? Doesn’t he have to shower? 
Unable to restrain herself anymore, she asked, “Hey… Do you need to take a shower?” 
“I’ve already showered,” was his simple reply. 
And here I was, worried that he would have trouble cleaning himself. Yet he’s already showered? Wait a minute, he has bathed somewhere else, other than here? Does that mean that he has another woman on the side? 
The random, ridiculous thought had her scoffing at herself mentally. Truthfully enough, she would not have minded it if he really did have someone else. 
She made her way towards the desk, planning on packing the things that she would need for work tomorrow. A glint caught her eye and she saw that it was the ring that she had taken off before she had gone into the bathroom.
She paused, having forgotten about the pair of rings that she had bought earlier today. 
Back then, she had not known that her husband was a billionaire and president of such a powerful company. Hence, she had bought the most simple design that she had been able to find. 
Now, it would seem as though the ring was absolutely unbefitting of a man of his stature. 
With this thought in mind, she snuck a glance at the man on the bed. Satisfied that he was focused on his work, she quickly stuffed her own ring into her bag. She then dug out the ring that was meant for him and stuffed it into one of the dressing table’s drawers. 
Only after that did she crawl into bed. 
To her immense relief, the bed was rather spacious, with two sets of bedding and pillows. Sitting on her side of the bed, there was still half a meter between them. 
“You’re done?” Finnick questioned when he sensed her settling down. He did not even look away from his screen. 
“Yeah.” She eyed his screen inquisitively. 
She knew that his company had mainly dealt with financial bonds. The red and green graphs dominating the screen made absolutely no sense to her, so she gave up trying to understand. 
“Shall we sleep?” The man’s head abruptly tilted slightly, so that he could glance at her from the corner of his eyes. 
“Sure.” 
Less than a minute later, Finnick shut down his laptop and turned off the bedside lamps.
As darkness encompassed the room, Vivian grew nervous. 
Even now, she had no idea why he had wanted to marry her. Thus, she did not know if he would be engaging in sexual relations with her. 
She continued to lie there stiffly, as the minutes ticked by. Eventually, Finnick’s breathing evened out and she could finally relax. Within seconds, she had fallen into a deep slumber. 
The next morning. 
Vivian’s phone alarm rang on time and she woke up. Finnick was already gone, the space beside her empty and cold. 
It did not take her long to go through her morning routine. Putting on a light layer of makeup, she headed downstairs. 
She was only at the staircase when she smelled the delicious aroma of breakfast. 
Molly was bustling around the kitchen when she noticed Vivian. A warm smile bloomed on her face as she greeted, “Mrs. Norton, you’re awake! Come, come, have some breakfast!” 
“Okay, thank you.” 
Finnick was already seated at the dining table. One hand held up a newspaper while the other lifted up his mug to take a sip. 
When Vivian’s gaze landed on his slender fingers, her eyes brightened in shock.
###Chapter 8
Chapter 8 
There, on his ring finger, was a simple and plain ring. 
It was the one that she had bought yesterday. 
Utterly stunned by the revelation, she temporarily forgot to sit down at the table. In the end, Finnick raised his head to glance at her. 
“What’s wrong?” His eyes moved to glance at her empty finger before his brow rose up in question. “Where’s your ring?” 
Embarrassment coursed through Vivian. 
She had felt like the rings that she had bought were not worthy of his status. Hence, she had not worn her own. What I had not expected was for him to find the ring and actually put it on! 
Left with no other choice, Vivian fished her ring out from her bag and slipped it onto her finger. She murmured lowly, “Sorry, I picked this design at random.” 
Finnick’s lips curled upward. “It’s fine. It looks very nice.” 
Not sure what to say to that, the woman soon sat down and focused on eating her breakfast. 
After they were done, Finnick set his newspaper aside and stated, “I’ll take you to work.” 
“There’s no need for that,” Vivian answered swiftly. “I can hail a taxi or take the subway.” 
Heck no! If anyone at the magazine company recognizes you, the women are going to tear me to pieces!
“There aren’t any subway stations near here and you won’t be able to catch a taxi either.” His brows furrowed slightly. 
It was true. On her way here yesterday, Vivian had noticed that this was a neighborhood for the filthy rich. All the residents here had their own cars. Naturally, there would not be any taxis or subway stations around. 
She checked the time only to see that it was getting a bit late. Resigned, she uttered, “Then I’ll have to trouble you. Could you drop me off at a subway station on the way to your company?” 
He leveled her with a blank gaze for several long moments, causing her to panic internally. At long last, he gave her a nod. 
By the time they exited the villa, a black Bentley was already waiting for them. 
A young man was standing beside the car. He introduced himself as Noah Lotte, Finnick’s personal assistant. 
Noah opened the car door but made no move to help Finnick. Just as Vivian was wondering how he would get in, a ramp descended from the vehicle. Soon, his wheelchair rolled up smoothly. 
She entered the car, whereupon she discovered that the interior had been modified as well. There was a specific area for Finnick’s wheelchair. 
Sitting down on a seat, the car soon started up and they were off to the nearest subway station. 
The car rolled to a stop before the subway station. Through the windows, Finnick took in the crowded place with a small frown. “It’s rather inconvenient for you to go to work like this. If you don’t want me to take you to work, I can get you a car.” 
Astonished at his words, she instantly refused, “There’s really no need for that.”
Of course, she knew that buying a car was nothing to him. However, she still did not feel comfortable spending his money. 
Her immediate rejection of his offer had Finnick’s eyes darkening as he rumbled, “I’m not always at the villa. How will you get to work then?” 
That was something that she had been pondering, ever since she had gotten into the car. She took out her phone and waved it at him, replying, “It’s really easy and convenient to hail a taxi now. I’ll have to wake up a little earlier to book one. Erm… I’m going to be late soon, so I have to go. Bye.” 
She did not wait for his response as she practically fled from the car. 
From his position inside the vehicle, Finnick stared at the rapidly retreating back, with an indecipherable look in his eyes. 
Noah had noticed where his boss’s attention was placed and he could not help but comment, “Mr. Norton, is it just me, or is Mrs. Norton rather different from what our investigation has suggested?” 
Finnick’s tone was thoughtful as he murmured, “She really is quite different.” 
He had honestly never expected that she would so swiftly and thoroughly reject his offer of buying her a car. 
Based on what Noah had managed to find out of her past, she was a shallow woman, who would do anything just for a bit of money. 
That was the exact reason why he had chosen her. 
A woman who could be satisfied with a small amount of money was infinitely safer and easier to control, as compared to the young daughters from influential families. After all, they only ever had one thing in mind- obtaining all of his fortunes.
There was another reason for his choice. He could admit that she did not irk him as much as the other women. 
Nonetheless, she was acting on the contrary, to his expectations. It was almost as if she had not cared for his wealth at all. 
Or maybe she was a lot smarter than he had thought and was merely playing hard to get? Perhaps she had some other long-term plan? 
Eyes darkening, he finally turned his gaze away from the direction that she had left. 
“Drive.” 
… 
At the financial district of Sunshine City, on the top floor of Finnor Group. 
Finnick was sitting at his desk, his fingers darting across his keyboard. In response to his actions, the images and data on his screen changed. 
Ring, ring. 
Suddenly, his phone rang and he reached out to answer it. 
Noah’s voice came through the other end of the line, “Mr. Norton, Mr. Lawson is here.” 
“Let him in.” 
A few seconds later, his office door swung open and a man in a flamboyant, pink dress shirt flounced inside.
“Finnick, why are you still working?” The other man cried out in an exaggerated manner, “You’ve finally married someone! Even if you refuse to have a wedding ceremony, the least you could do is go on a honeymoon or something!” 
Finnick’s eyes never left his screen as he retorted shortly, “I’ve got no time for that.” 
The other man sat down in front of his desk, not at all angry at Finnick’s cold attitude. His eyes crinkled in a smile as he chortled, “Your poor wife! How could she have married such a boring man, like yourself?” 
At long last, Finnick lifted his head to pin the other man down with a blank stare. “Stiles, just what are you trying to imply?” 
“I’m just feeling kind of bored. I want to meet your wife.” The grin stretching Stiles’ lips widened. 
“Forget it,” Finnick did not even hesitate in refusing. “You know why I’ve married her.” 
“Yes, I do.” Stiles pouted before the amusement left him and he continued seriously, “Whatever the case, you have a family now. It’s about time that you let go of what had happened in the past.” 
His last sentence had Finnick’s fingers tensing imperceptibly. 
He was silent for a while before he uttered, “There’s no such thing as letting go when it comes to this. Dead people don’t come back to life.” 
Stiles’ mouth opened and he seemed like he had wanted to say something. However, the words got stuck in his throat, as they refused to leave his mouth. In the end, he swallowed them back down. 
After a few seconds, he queried, “What about the little girl from all those years ago? Have you found anything yet?”
###Chapter 9
Chapter 9 
“We’ve found some clues,” Finnick stated simply. 
“That’s great!” Another grin appeared on Stiles’ face. “And here I was, wondering how you were going to repay her for what she had done. I had hoped that you would offer yourself up to her, but it turns out that you’ve already given yourself to another woman.” 
Finnick completely ignored his friend’s shameless teasing. 
Stiles pouted a little, seeing as he was unable to get a rise out of the other man. Then, his gaze shifted to Finnick’s wheelchair as his eyes gleamed. “Finnick, have you told your wife about your legs yet?” 
Finnick, who had been scrolling through the finance department reports, stopped moving his mouse. 
A few beats later, he muttered, “No.” 
Stiles furrowed his brows. “Finnick, it’s not that I want to be a nag, but it really doesn’t matter what reason you’ve married her for. Since you’re already husband and wife, are you sure that you still want to keep the truth from her? Maybe…” 
Here he paused for several seconds, debating on whether or not he should continue. At long last, he gritted his teeth and forged on, “Maybe you should try to accept your new wife. You can’t always live in the shadows of the past.” 
He was all too familiar with Finnick’s personality. Although Finnick had insisted that the only reason that he had married the woman was to deal with his grandfather, there was no way that he would accept marriage and living together with her, unless he had truly liked her.
Finnick did not speak. A short while later, he was done reading through the reports. Only then did he respond in a soft voice. 
“I can’t forget about her.” 
Stiles was rather stunned. 
He took a closer look at Finnick’s face, noticing the calm indifference on it. Pity flashed in his eyes. 
The car accident that had happened ten years ago was a nightmare for everyone. 
Everybody thought that Finnick had lost the use of his legs in that car crash. 
It turned out that they were all wrong. 
What Finnick had lost in that car crash was not his legs. Rather, it was his heart. 
… 
When Vivian returned home after work, Molly and Liam came into the living room with their luggage. 
“Molly, Liam, what are you…” 
“Mrs. Norton, our son is getting married tomorrow, so we’re going to his wedding!” Liam clarified with a delighted grin. 
“Really? Congratulations! How many days will you be gone for?” 
“The wedding will take place here in Sunshine City, so we’ll be back tomorrow night.” Molly smiled pleasantly. However, a worried expression crossed her face when she turned to look at Finnick. “However, with nobody at home, Mr. Norton would have no one to prepare breakfast for him.”
Vivian was speechless. 
Is this how the rich live? It’s merely breakfast! Do they really need to hire someone to specifically cook for them? 
“It’s fine.” Finnick’s deep voice interrupted her thoughts. “Vivian, you know how to cook, right?” 
“Huh?” was her eloquent response. Locking gazes with his dark orbs, she stuttered out, “I-I do…” 
Then, remembering the hearty breakfast that Molly had cooked in the morning, she could not help but add, “Just a little…” 
There was a brief flicker of amusement in Finnick’s eyes before it was gone. 
“That’s enough then,” he intoned. 
The next morning. 
Vivian woke up an hour earlier than normal to labor over breakfast. 
She was just about to head upstairs to call Finnick down when he had appeared out of the elevator. 
“Do you have batteries?” 
Bewildered at the question, it took her a moment to realize that he was holding an electric shaver in his hands. 
Taking the shaver from him, she checked the battery slot. “You need a button cell for this. Are there any in the house?” 
“No.”
She eyed the stubble lining his jaw, confirming that he really did need a shave. “Are there any supermarkets or convenience stores nearby?” 
“No.” 
Exasperated, she pressed, “There’s nothing around here?” 
He shook his head. 
Vivian could have wept at the way that these rich people had lived. 
“Now what shall we do?” she huffed in frustration. “Maybe you could get that assistant of yours to buy one and bring it over?” 
“He’s already on his way here. I have a very important meeting later that I can’t afford to be late to.” Finnick’s brows furrowed and he added, “I asked Liam and he’d said that he has a new razor. However, it’s not electric so I don’t really know how to use it.” 
She stared at him for a while until it clicked in her brain. She soon understood the reason that he was here. He had wanted her to help him shave! 
“Where is it?” She could not help but find him rather adorable at the moment. Pursing her lips, she continued, “I know how to use one and I can do it for you.” 
“It’s in the storage closet.” 
Rummaging around in the aforementioned closet, it did not take her long to find the razor. It was a traditional razor, the kind that had needed to be used together with shaving foam. She slathered a thick layer of foam on his jaw before she began to carefully shave his stubble. 
Their faces were so close to one another that her breaths had puffed against his cheeks lightly.
All Finnick had to do was lift his gaze a little and he would be able to get an up-close look at her face. He could even see the tiny hairs on her smooth, pale skin. They reminded him of peach fuzz. 
As though she had sensed his gaze, her already tensed nerves tightened further. “What’s wrong? Did I nick you?” 
“No.” His voice was as cold as ever. “I was just thinking about how much you’re really acting like my wife right now.” 
Taken aback by his statement, Vivian’s cheeks warmed in a blush. 
We are husband and wife, yet he used the word “acting like.” Does this mean that, like me, he feels that this abrupt marriage of ours is too surreal? 
“Alright, I’m done.” In little to no time at all, she was finished. Wiping away the remaining foam, she eyed her handiwork and smiled. “I’ve done a good job.” 
“Thank you,” he murmured before wheeling over to the dining table to eat. 
Due to their earlier intimate actions, breakfast was a rather awkward ordeal. Vivian had even forgotten to ask him if he was satisfied with her cooking. 
Noah arrived soon after they had finished eating. Since Finnick was in a hurry today, he would not be able to drop her off at the subway station. Hence, Vivian called a taxi to take her directly to the magazine company. 
The moment she stepped inside, she discovered that the pleasant atmosphere from yesterday was gone. In its place was a tense and nervous air. Grabbing Sarah’s arm, she whispered, “Did something happen?”
“Vivian, didn’t you read your email this morning?” Sarah’s eyes were wide as she answered. “Yesterday, someone bought over our company! All the higher-ups have been switched out!” 
Vivian was dumbfounded at the news. 
Their magazine company was not very big, but it had still been around for quite a while. Why would it suddenly be sold off? 
She did not get a chance to reply as there was a disturbance near the doors. 
“He’s coming! The new Chief Editor is coming!” 
Glancing over, she saw a tall figure striding into the company, with a cluster of people following behind him. 
When she got a closer look at the man’s face, she felt as though a bucket of ice-cold water had been dumped over her head. Her blood froze in her veins.
###Chapter 10
Chapter 10 
He was almost as she had remembered him, albeit the angles of his face were sharper, and had lost the youthfulness that he had during his university years. The way that he carried himself was also a lot more mature and steady. 
However, what had changed the most was the expression on his face. Gone was the warmth that she recalled seeing on his face every day. All that was left was a harsh and hard look. 
Currently, he was listening to his subordinates’ reports. Every now and then, he would nod and utter out a few commands. 
Not once had his gaze ever landed on her, as the group swept past her and entered the Chief Editor’s office. 
The color drained from Vivian’s face. 
Fabian Norton… Why is he back here? Two years ago, he had suddenly left, without even saying goodbye. Why has he returned now? 
It had been two years. She had more or less given up on their broken relationship by now. However, his abrupt reappearance in her life still had waves of emotions crashing against her relentlessly, threatening to drown her entirely. 
She did not even know if he had recognized her as she had him, at first glance. 
At this, a self-deprecating smirk curled her lips. 
Does it matter if he recognizes me or not? He and I… We’re fated to be apart. There’s no way that we can go back to how we’d used to be…
The rest of the day passed in a haze of unease and worry. She was worried that Fabian would recognize her. 
Reality would soon prove that her worries were unfounded. 
Being new to his position, Fabian was kept busy in meetings with the various departments. There would be changes happening around the magazine company. 
In one of the meetings, he listened intently, as the senior editors made their reports, giving a comment or order here and there. He never once paid any attention to Vivian, who was sitting at the far end of the table. 
Seems like he’s forgotten me… But I guess that’s expected of him. If I had been anything of worth to him, he would not have left without a word two years ago. I’ve never heard from him ever since either. 
The hours passed by agonizingly slow to Vivian. At long last, it was time to get off of work. Not wanting to stay in the office a second longer, she hurriedly snatched up her bag and prepared to leave. 
Unfortunately, her senior editor suddenly called out to her. 
“Hold on, Vivian. Could you take this document to Mr. Norton for me, please? Give him a verbal report as well.” 
Vivian stiffened before she slowly turned around to face the other woman. Her voice was slightly pleading as she uttered, “Lesley, I have something urgent to attend to at home. Could you-” 
Her senior editor, Lesley Jenson, was already in a foul mood from a meeting earlier where she had been rebuked. At hearing Vivian’s refusal, a terrible scowl twisted her face. “So, you think that you’re all that just because you got to interview the president of Finnor Group, is that it?”
Paling at the sharp words that had escaped Lesley, Vivian had no choice but to reply, “Don’t be silly, Lesley. I’ll get right to it.” 
She took the document from Lesley and walked toward Fabian’s office. Standing in front of the door, she took several deep breaths to calm herself before raising her hand to rap on it. 
Knock, knock. 
Just that one simple motion seemed to have drained all the energy out of her. 
“Come in.” 
Upon hearing his familiar voice invite her in, she pushed the door open and entered. 
Although Fabian’s office was not as lavish as Finnick’s, it was still quite luxuriously furnished. The man was sitting behind his desk, flipping through the magazine that had featured the interview with Finnick. 
“Mr. Norton.” Vivian struggled to make her voice come out steadily. “Senior editor Jenson wants me to give you a simple report on the interview with the president of Finnor Group.” 
Fabian hummed in acknowledgment, not bothering to lift his head. Thus, Vivian steeled herself and began her report. 
Even after she was done, he did not make a single sound. At this point, she was at her wit’s end. 
Her voice tremored a little despite her best efforts, “Err… Sir, if there’s nothing else that you need, I’ll be taking my leave.” 
With that said, she spun around and made her way towards the door. 
Just as her hand landed on the handle of the door, a large hand seized hers tightly.
Fabian’s eyes were narrowed, as he zeroed in on the ring on her finger. “You’re married?” 
Not having the courage to look him in the eyes, she turned her head away and nodded. 
She did not see the way that his emotions had coiled, in his dark orbs, as he glared at the ring on her finger. 
Abruptly, a mocking smirk curved his lips. 
“Vivian William, in the end, the man you’d chosen could only afford to buy you this plain, simple crushed diamond ring?” As though something had only just occurred to him, a disdainful and disgusted look crossed his face. “Then again, a woman who would be willing to sell her body for the sake of money can be easily bought off. It wouldn’t have been hard for a man to obtain you.” 
Vivian was thunderstruck at his words. Her face paled dramatically and she was as pale as a sheet. 
“Y-you… You know about what happened two years ago?” she was barely able to choke out, while her lips trembled. 
Fabian grunted in reply. For some reason, his chest ached dully, seeing that her first response was not to deny it. 
He squeezed her wrist tighter, his voice coming out frosty, “Yes, I do. In fact, I’d already known about it two years ago. You know, I really have to thank you, Vivian. I’m grateful that you’ve shown me just how dirty a woman I’d loved for three years was. Because of you, I’d firmed my resolve to further my studies in A Nation.” 
The last shred of color left in her cheeks had soon drained away.
Two years… In the past two years, she had constantly wondered why he would suddenly leave the country when she was at her weakest. He had left her alone just when she had needed him the most. 
Now, she was finally aware of the truth. 
It was all because of that incident. 
In spite of that, however, another thought soon arose in her mind. Two years ago, Fabian had gone out of the country before that incident had even come to light. 
Could it be that he had known about it before it had even happened? No way, that’s impossible… 
However, it was painfully evident that this was not the right time to think about that. Hence, she struggled to set herself as she tried to explain, “Fabian, what had happened two years ago was merely a misunderstanding! What actually happened was that I-”
###Chapter 11
Chapter 11 
“A misunderstanding?” Vivian’s words had merely served to infuriate Fabian. His voice soared, as he soon pinched her chin. 
He was exerting so much force upon it that Vivian’s face had started to contort in pain. 
“What misunderstanding? In my opinion, you’d seen that the broke bloke from two years ago had suddenly struck his pot of gold, becoming a Chief Editor. Hence, since you’ve come to regret your decision, you’ve decided to claim that this was all merely a misunderstanding, right?” 
Upon uttering such words, a vicious glint flashed across Fabian’s eyes. He jerked Vivian’s face towards him as he warned her, “Vivian, let me tell you this. I am no longer the gullible man that I had used to be.” 
Gazing at his familiar face, which was currently full of resentment and hatred, all Vivian could feel was complete shock and heartache. 
She had wanted to explain herself. However, she found that she could not bear to utter a single word in her defense. 
What else is there to explain? 
If he were truly willing to believe me, why would he have left back then, without even informing me as much?” 
Before all else, he has already come to believe that I am merely a gold-digger; someone who is ready to betray him for money, at any given point in time. 
Also, even if he were to believe my explanation, so what?
I am someone else’s wife now. Furthermore, I am no longer my past self. We’ll never be able to return to the past… 
At such a thought, Vivian tried her utmost best to suppress the tears that had threatened to escape her. In doing so, she took a deep breath as she abruptly raised her head. 
“Fabian,” she uttered softly, her tone surprisingly calm. “You are right. What happened that year is exactly as you’ve thought it to be. However, you’ve got something wrong. Currently, I don’t want to be in a relationship with you. Having a position as the Chief Editor, or even a CEO, this has nothing to do with me.” 
Upon uttering her last sentence, Vivian soon felt a sharp sensation across her chin. Evidently, Fabian was pinching her forcefully, his grip strengthening. 
However, to her utter surprise, he decided to fling her away in the next instance. 
Staggering backward, Vivian was quick to steady herself against the wall with an arm. Raising her head to glance at him, she caught sight of Fabian glaring at her coldly. The disdain and hatred in his eyes were like daggers, piercing through her heart. 
I should allow it to hurt. It’ll certainly be a better alternative than getting myself entangled with him. 
Hence, she justifiably suppressed her tears as she quickly announced, “If there’s nothing else, I’ll be taking my leave now.” 
With that, she made a brief departure from the office, without even daring to steal another glimpse at Fabian. 
Bolting out of the magazine company, Vivian soon reached its ground level. However, she soon came to realize that it was pouring heavily outside. To her utter misfortune, she discovered that she had left
her umbrella in the office. 
Even while faced with such a circumstance, Vivian found that she was simply not courageous enough to go back, to retrieve her umbrella. As she was aware that Fabian might have still been in his office, she did not dare to return. 
I am such a coward. 
Watching as the rain poured from the sky, Vivian sought to hail a cab. Unfortunately, with the combination of the peak period, along with the thunderstorm, Vivian found that it was nearly impossible to find a cab. The cab-hailing application was malfunctioning as well. Ultimately, she had no choice but to harden her resolve, as she covered her head with her bag and sprinted towards the train station. 
Completely drenched, she had to squeeze herself in, with the other commuters on the train. She was hoping that the rain would have stopped by then, but it seemed as though God was trying to torment her too. The thunderstorm outside blared on, showing no signs of stopping. 
Still unsuccessful in her futile attempt to hail a cab, Vivian had no choice but to wait by the train station. 
She soon recalled a past memory, from two years ago, on a night that had a similar thunderstorm. It was a night where she had lost the thing that was the most precious to her… 
Soon after, she lost Fabian, the man whom she thought would accompany her for a lifetime. 
The sense of despair that she had felt two years ago was like a parasite, invading her initially numb heart. 
Vivian could not help but wrap her arms around her body, squatting down as she curled herself into a ball. 
Cold…
It’s so cold… 
She was so cold that her body had begun to shiver uncontrollably, just as it had throughout the night, two years ago… 
On the verge of being engulfed by such memories and painful emotions, Vivian soon caught a glimpse of a wheelchair and a pair of long legs, suddenly appearing before her very two eyes. 
Stunned, Vivian’s head snapped up. She saw Finnick in front of her, while Noah held an umbrella up beside him. 
Due to the pouring rain, his handsome face became a blurred image. Nonetheless, his cold aura was still evidently noticeable. Although he was wheelchair-bound, his current appearance was like an angel’s descent to Earth. The sadness that Vivian had felt suddenly dissipated. 
Vivian’s eyelashes fluttered. 
Finnick? 
“Why are you here?” Finnick lowered his head and stared at Vivian, who was squatting down on the ground. For a reason unbeknownst, a hint of fury soon crept into his voice. “Were you drenched by the rain?” 
It was at that moment when Vivian finally returned to her senses. 
Flustered, she attempted to stand up. However, her vision suddenly went black, as she soon lost consciousness. 
In a panic, Finnick quickly grabbed hold of Vivian, as he tried to steady her.
When he felt that the woman in his arms was abnormally warm, his gaze turned solemn. As his stare landed on the bruise that Fabian had left on Vivian’s chin, a murderous glint flashed across his eyes. 
“Let’s return home.” The brief change in his expression was fleeting. Finnick soon resumed his usual indifferent expression. Hugging Vivian, he wheeled his wheelchair towards the black Bentley that was parked at the side. 
Finnick’s car was parked at a hidden corner beside the train station. Due to the combined weight of both himself and Vivian, Finnick discovered that the wheelchair could not move as smoothly as it had before. 
“Mr. Norton.” Noah could not help but offer, “Allow me to provide you some assistance.” 
“There’s no need for that.” Without a moment of hesitation, Finnick instantly refused his offer. He then adjusted Vivian’s position in his arms, carrying her, as he directly rose from the wheelchair… 
The room was pitch-black. 
Hot… 
So hot… 
It’s so hot that I feel as though I am burning… 
Moaning in utter discomfort, Vivian suddenly found that she was being placed down, as something cold was soon pressed against her skin. 
Vivian greedily tried to hug the cold . However, she suddenly heard a man’s heavy panting. 
Something is amiss!
Only then did Vivian’s muddled mind become clearer. As she tried her best to open her eyes, the blurry image of a man entered her vision. 
She struggled hard, to push the man who was looming above her. Unfortunately, he would not budge at all, as if he was a massive mountain. 
“Ouch!”
###Chapter 12
Chapter 12 
Momentarily, a sharp pang of pain struck her, causing her to shriek out in pain. 
Just then, the man forced himself upon her aggressively, time and time again. 
Pain, hatred, and humiliation threatened to tear Vivian apart. She had wanted to resist him, but she was far too weak to defend herself from his advances. Hence, her only choice was to endure it all… 
After going through what had seemed like a limitless expanse of darkness and pain, Vivian’s surroundings suddenly shifted. 
Now, she was surrounded by a thunderstorm, as a distant thunder boomed. 
Her body completely bruised, Vivian dragged herself along the streets. She wrapped her tattered clothes tightly around herself as she staggered around in the rain. Holding her phone, she frantically dialed a number, over and over again. 
Fabes… 
Fabes, where are you? 
I’m so scared. Come and save me quickly… 
Unfortunately, no matter how many times she had called him, all she could hear was a cold, mechanical voice, “Sorry, the number that you have dialed is busy. Please try again later.” 
At long last, unable to endure her suffering any longer, Vivian collapsed in the rain… 
Looking at Vivian, who was currently breaking out in a cold sweat, Finnick could not help but frown. He turned his gaze to the doctor, who was by his side, and asked, “Is she truly alright?”
“Don’t worry, Mr. Norton. She has merely caught a fever because of the cold. As of now, she’s probably having a nightmare.” 
Upon hearing his reassuring words, Finnick soon appeared relieved. 
As soon as the doctor made his leave, Finnick turned his gaze towards Vivian, who was extremely pale. About to touch her forehead, Finnick was surprised, when he saw that her body had started to quiver, 
“Vivian?” Finnick could not help but furrow his brows again. “Are you alright?” 
Evidently, Vivian was still in an unconscious daze. Her cracked lips parted slightly, as a string of words escaped her lips. 
A slight frown soon made its way to Finnick’s face. Bending down to some extent, he soon heard the words that Vivian was mumbling. 
“Fabes… Save me… Where are you? Fabes… Please believe me…” 
Fabes? 
Finnick sat up straight, as a dangerous glint flashed in his eyes. 
It’s that man’s name again. 
He stared at Vivian who was on the bed. Although her face was ashen and sickly, it did nothing to conceal her beauty. This was especially apparent, as he gazed at her fluttering eyes. Finnick had never seen her display such vulnerability before. 
He mulled over it for a while.
Now that he had thought about it, this woman had always acted in a rather careful manner. She was distant, right from the beginning, when he had first met her. She had never once depended on him. In fact, she probably never intended to do so. 
Yet, she seemed as if she was filled with fondness and trust, for the man called Fabes. 
He had given Noah instructions to investigate Vivian’s past. As Noah was a man of great efficiency, he soon summarized the play of events of everything that had happened to Vivian. 
For instance, Finnick knew that she had a memorable first love. However, even as such, she had still broken up with her first love, two years ago. Although he had never checked her first love’s name and background, it appeared as though the person was named Fabes. 
Finnick began to feel extremely gloomy, upon that thought, for reasons unbeknownst to him. 
At that moment, Vivian abruptly opened her eyes. 
Suppressing his emotions, Finnick lowered his head and stared at her. “Are you okay?” 
Vivian blinked. Only then did she realize that she was lying in a room in the villa, with an IV drip attached to her hand. 
“Were you the one who had fetched me back home?” asked Vivian, her throat feeling parched. 
“Yeah,” Finnick replied nonchalantly as he handed a cup of warm water over to her. 
“Thank you.” Vivian accepted it as she soon began to sip on the water. 
When Finnick took note of the usual distant and polite expression that had returned to Vivian’s face, he inexplicably felt a sense of frustration.
“Vivian.” Finnick abruptly asked, “Who is Fabes?” 
“Ahem!” 
Vivian had never expected Finnick to suddenly ask her such a question. Hence, she began choking on her water as she coughed violently. 
“Be careful.” In comparison to how flustered Vivian was, Finnick remained calm, as he patted her back. 
Panicking, Vivian looked up and saw Finnick gazing at her. She could sense that his gaze had landed on her bruised chin. 
It’s rather glaring. 
Finnick quickly took out an ointment from the medical kit on the bedside table. He squeezed some out onto his hand and applied it to Vivian’s bruised chin. 
Vivian felt a cool sensation on her chin. However, she soon glanced at Finnick warily as she asked hesitatingly, “How do you know Fabes?” 
“You had yelled his name while you were dreaming.” 
Vivian was stunned. Only then did she remember that she had dreamt about the incident that had happened two years ago, all while in her sleep. 
A despondent look crept into her eyes. Before Vivian could think of an answer, Finnick slowly interrupted her. 
“Vivian, I don’t care about your past. Nevertheless, I do hope that you’ll understand that you are my wife now. I don’t like my woman yelling another man’s name.”
###Chapter 13
Chapter 13 
When Finnick announced that, his tone was still relatively indifferent. However, when Vivian heard his words, she felt an indescribable sense of pressure being weighed upon her. 
His obsidian eyes were seemingly calm, yet brooding and unfathomable. Vivian found that she could make sense of his emotions at all. 
By then, Finnick had already finished applying the ointment on her chin. Lowering her gaze, Vivian soon muttered aloud, “Thank you.” 
“You’re welcome.” Finnick calmly placed the ointment aside. “I don’t like it when someone else leaves a mark on you.” 
Vivian’s body stiffened again. 
Although she had merely kept silent, it felt as though Finnick was aware of everything that was going on. 
Upon feeling the sudden, cool sensation on her chin, Vivian came to realize that Finnick was far more domineering and indecipherable than she had initially expected. 
“Okay,” responded Vivian as she lowered her head. Unknowingly, her palms had already started to perspire. 
“Rest early.” Finnick wheeled his wheelchair around. “I’ll sleep in the guest room today.” 
With that said, he left the room immediately, without stopping to wait for Vivian’s reply. 
In the room, Vivian slumped against the soft bed, not feeling the slightest hint of drowsiness.
Upon receiving the IV drip the next morning, Vivian was increasingly energized. Hence, she decided to go to work. However, when she stood up to pack her bag, she realized that her bag was gone. Instead, a branded bag stood in its place. 
“Molly.” When she saw Molly coming up to clean the room, she queried, “Where is my bag?” 
“Ma’am, your bag was drenched by the rain yesterday. Hence, Mr. Norton had instructed someone to buy you a new one.” 
Vivian felt guilty almost immediately. 
She could recognize the bag that Finnick had bought her— it was a Chanel bag that was probably worth tens of thousands. With her salary, she would have certainly not been able to afford it. However, her old bag had already been discarded. Without any other bag, she could only steel her resolve, as she accepted his gift. 
She then headed downstairs to have her breakfast. Just as she was about to hail a cab, Finnick offered, “Since you’re not fully recovered yet, I’ll send you to the office today.” 
“It’s okay.” Vivian was slightly flustered. “I can do it on my own accord…” 
However, Finnick had already turned the wheelchair around. Soon, he was headed for the door, not giving her any room for refusal. 
Defeated, Vivian could only follow him to the car. 
Fortunately, Finnick headed off to work earlier than her. When the Bentley arrived at the office, there were not many people downstairs. Upon bidding Finnick farewell, Vivian alighted the car swiftly. 
Gazing at her back, a solemn look appeared in Finnick’s eyes.
Why is she reacting in such a manner? Is she really that afraid that someone will come to learn about our relationship? 
Vivian soon entered the building. Fortunately, she had managed to catch a lift before its doors had closed. However, when she entered, she realized that there was only Fabian inside. 
“Excuse me.” Instinctively, Vivian wanted to leave the lift. However, Fabian was quick to close the lift’s doors. 
“Why are you avoiding me?” Fabian smirked coldly. “We’re from the same department. Do you really think that you’ll be able to avoid me?” 
Biting her lip, Vivian chose to remain silent. 
Fabian lowered his gaze towards Vivian. As she was still sick, her face was rather pale. He soon came to the observation that she had been letting out continuous, soft coughs. 
He could not help but feel a tug at his heart. 
Damn it. 
Even though I’ve already found out about this woman’s true self, my emotions are still influenced by her. 
“Have you caught a cold?” Came Fabian’s icy question. 
“Yeah.” Vivian did not intend on explaining herself further either. Upon acknowledging him curtly, she walked out immediately, after the lift doors had opened. 
As Fabian headed to his office, he felt extremely gloomy. In the end, he could not help but call his secretary. “Please buy some cold medicine for me.”
His secretary sent the medicine to him quickly. Fabian fidgeted with it for a long time before he soon stepped out of his office. 
Upon walking past the office pantry, Fabian came to overhear some gossip, amongst his female colleagues. 
“Huh? Are you serious? Vivian came to work today in a black Bentley?” 
“Of course! Even Sarah witnessed it!” 
“Oh my God! That means that her husband is rich, doesn’t it? Otherwise, why would he own such a luxurious car?” 
“Are you stupid? How could that have been her husband’s car? The diamond ring that her husband had given her was rather cheap. In my opinion, it’s definitely another man’s car…” 
“Also, did you see her bag today? It’s a Chanel bag! In the past, she merely used those cheap bags that she had bought online. Now that she suddenly owns a Chanel, I’m certain that the man had bought it for her.” 
Standing outside the pantry, Fabian had unknowingly tightened his grip on the medicine. 
He suddenly realized that it was utterly foolish of him to have bought her the medicine. Crumpling the box of medicine in his fist, he tossed it into the dustbin, before returning to his office. 
On the other side, Vivian’s phone rang when she reached her desk. 
Upon seeing the number that was displayed on her phone screen, her gaze turned cold. 
She walked to an empty corridor as she accepted the call and asked frostily, “Why have you called me?”
“Vivian, what’s up with your tone?” 
“Nothing.” A hint of impatience crept into Vivian’s voice. “I know that you wouldn’t have called me for nothing. Tell me, what’s happened this time?” 
“Your little sister is going to get married soon.” Indeed, the man from the other end of the line went straight to the point, as he soon revealed his ive in calling her. “If you’re , come home and have a meal with us. You can meet your future brother-in-law too.” 
“Home?” Vivian’s tone sounded mocking. “Dad, you must have gotten something wrong. That is not my home.” 
“Vivian, be careful of how you speak to me!” The man’s tone grew irate. “Your sister isn’t just marrying anyone. She is marrying the grandson of the Norton family! Your sister had said that it would be better if the family were to reunite. Hence, it is inherent that you come over tomorrow night!” 
With that, he hung up the call. 
Vivian frowned as she gripped her phone. 
Ashley is marrying someone from the Norton family? 
No wonder she insists on making me go. It would have been weird if she didn’t brag to me about having such an impressive fiancé. 
Although Vivian was aware of what her family was planning to do, she knew her father’s personality all too well. If she were to refuse him, he would definitely get enraged. 
It’s just a meal, anyway. I’ll just go.
###Chapter 14
Chapter 14 
Ever since Fabian became the Chief Editor, Vivian, who had always liked to work overtime, left exactly on the dot. Today was not an exception either. 
She took a cab home to the villa. Slumping against the soft sofa, she realized that her cold had not fully recovered yet as her muscles had ached terribly. 
When Vivian heard someone approaching her, she sat up in a fluster. She soon caught sight of Finnick’s wheelchair beside her. 
Instead of wearing his formal, white shirt, Finnick was wearing a casual grey cardigan, outlining his perfectly sculptured body. 
“Why are you back so early today?” She was surprised to see Finnick at this time of the day. 
Finnick threw a returning glance at Vivian. 
Her face was still slightly pale while her eyes were red, which meant that she had cried in the morning. 
“Well,” mused Finnick, his expression still calm, “The food is ready. Come and eat.” 
When Vivian arrived at the dining room, her gaze fell upon the dishes on the table. She was momentarily stunned. 
Most of the dishes were soup-based and vegetarian, with many nutritional ingredients in them. 
Although they had not stayed together for long, Vivian noticed that Finnick had a love for spicy food. Why are today’s dishes so bland?
Feeling suspicious, Vivian sat down. Finnick poured her a bowl of chicken soup and placed it in front of her. “This is to warm your body.” 
Vivian was astonished. 
Were these dishes specially cooked, to tend to my cold? 
Vivian felt an indescribable feeling, flooding within her heart. Her initial exhaustion and sadness had slowly disappeared as it was soon replaced by a heartwarming feeling. 
So, it feels so good to have been cared for by someone. 
“What are you thinking about?” Finnick’s mellow voice sounded out from beside her. 
Jolted back to her senses, Vivian smiled and murmured, “It’s nothing.” 
Suddenly remembering something, she added, “Oh, right. I’m going to eat at my father’s place tomorrow night. Seeing as such, you won’t need to prepare dinner for me.” 
“Okay,” replied Finnick. After a while, he added, “When I’m , I’ll visit your parents too.” 
Stunned, Vivian blurted out, “There’s no need for that.” 
Finnick raised his eyebrows in question. 
Vivian realized that her reaction seemed slightly inappropriate. Feeling embarrassed, she explained, “My parents… Don’t have a good relationship… My Mom’s health is quite bad too, so…” 
Looking at how flustered Vivian had seemed, a small smirk played upon Finnick’s lips. 
Vivian was unaware of the fact that he had already investigated her family’s background.
“Really?” Instead of exposing her lie, he responded calmly, “When you’re , I would want to bring you along to meet my family.” 
Vivian was taken aback, for it was the first time that Finnick had mentioned his family. 
“Your parents?” asked Vivian carefully. 
“My parents have long passed away.” 
Embarrassed, Vivian muttered, “Sorry.” 
“It’s okay.” Finnick remained as composed as ever. “I’ll bring you to visit my grandfather and elder brother when your schedule is d up. Coincidentally, my brother’s son is going to get married recently.” 
Someone’s getting married again? 
Vivian smiled bitterly. 
Has it been auspicious recently? Why is everyone rushing to get married? 
“Okay, then.” Since she was Finnick’s wife, it was a basic courtesy to visit each other’s families. Hence, she did not refuse. 
The next day, Vivian managed to survive until her dismissal time from work. She hailed a cab to the Miller Residence. 
Upon stepping out of the cab, she took notice of a woman wearing a bright yellow dress, happily rushing towards her. 
“Vivian, you have finally arrived!” The woman grabbed Vivian’s hands in hers. Flashing a bright smile at Vivian, she urged in an intimate manner, “Come in quickly. I want to introduce my fiancé to you!”
Staring at Ashley, who appeared rather beautiful, Vivian pursed her lips. “The grandson of the Norton family, huh?” 
Appearing astonished, Ashley smiled shyly. “So Daddy has already let you in on everything. Nonetheless, when you see him later, don’t mention anything of the Norton family! He hates it when others discuss his family background.” 
Although Ashley had uttered such words, the proud look in her eyes could not be concealed. 
Vivian merely smiled at her words. 
Since young, she had known that Ashley was a materialistic person. Now that she managed to cling to someone from the Norton family, it must have been really hard for her to stop herself from bragging. 
However, it was certainly a proud achievement to be engaged to a member of the Norton family. 
In Sunshine City, the top three families were the Nortons, the Morrisons, and the Jacksons. They were powerful families who had risen to power ages ago, unlike the Millers who had only recently shot up to riches. 
If she was not mistaken, Ashley’s fiancé was the son of the eldest son of the Norton family. He had studied abroad for a long time, so many outsiders did not know his name. 
While Vivian mulled over it, Ashley was already eagerly dragging her to the villa. 
In the living room, a tall and lean figure was sitting on the sofa, his back facing them. 
Ashley dragged Vivian over, her face full of excitement. “Fabes, let me introduce her to you. She’s my sister. Although we don’t share the same mother, she’s my biological sister!” 
Fabes?
Vivian’s body stiffened. When she raised her head, she saw the man smiling at her. “Oh! I didn’t expect your sister to be someone that I’m acquainted with.” 
It was Fabian. 
Vivian was utterly stunned, feeling as though she had just been struck by lightning. 
Never in a million years would she have imagined Ashley’s fiancé to be Fabian! 
He’s the grandson of the Norton family?
###Chapter 15
Chapter 15 
At that moment, Ashley, who was hugging Vivian’s arm, revealed a surprised expression. Suddenly, she smiled. “Oh, right! I’d almost forgotten that Fabes used to go to the same university as you. He’s also in the journalism department, so he’s your senior.” 
“Yeah, I know him.” Suppressing the bitter feeling that was arising in her heart, Vivian pretended to be calm. “It’s just that I haven’t seen him in a long time.” 
When Fabian noticed Vivian’s indifference, his eyes narrowed. “Ashley, can I speak to your sister for a while?” 
The look in Ashley’s eyes changed. However, she still maintained her gentle demeanor. “Okay, I’ll see if I can help out in the kitchen.” 
At that, only Vivian and Fabian were left in the living room. 
“What’s wrong, Vivian? Why didn’t you react to the fact that I’m now your brother-in-law now?” asked Fabian mockingly, as he lowered his head and stared at Vivian. 
“What kind of reaction would you have liked me to have? Should I have called you my brother-in-law?” Vivian eyed Fabian coldly. “Or perhaps, you’d like me to call you the grandson of the Norton family?” 
Fabian’s expression fell. 
He hated it when others called him that. In fact, he despised it even more when others had tried to get closer to him because of his family background. 
Hence, when he was studying in college, he refused his father’s offer to send him abroad to the United Kingdom. Instead, he went to Z College in the adjacent city, as he pretended to be a poor man.
It was then when he had met Vivian. 
When he had first met her, he treasured her a lot because she loved him for being “Fabian”, rather than for being the “grandson of the Norton family”. 
However, the harsh reality dealt a slap to him. Vivian had dumped him, a supposedly “broke bloke.” For the sake of money, she had even… 
When Fabian recalled those photos from the past, he felt heartbroken. He grabbed Vivian’s wrist tightly and mocked, “Vivian, now that you know that I’m not only the Chief Editor of Glamour Magazine but also a member of the Norton family, do you regret it now? However, I can give you a chance to make amends…” 
Vivian raised her head slowly and gazed at Fabian’s furious expression. Before she could respond, he continued viciously, “Since you’re willing to sell anything for money, why don’t you be my mistress?” 
Vivian’s eyes widened in shock, unable to fathom that Fabian could utter something like that. 
“Ha! Are you tempted by my offer?” The mocking look on Fabian’s face intensified. “It’s not surprising, though. Although you’re married, you’ve continued to engage in such indecent affairs, right? Instead of remaining with a disgusting old man, it’ll better to be with me, wouldn’t it? Don’t worry. I’m from the Norton family. I can give you anything that you desire.” 
Vivian was suddenly overwhelmed with a sense of disgust. 
She had never thought that Fabian, whom she had once deeply loved, would disgust her so much. 
“Oh, right. Vivian, Mom says that she needs to get some wine. Would you like to accompany me?” 
Fortunately, Ashley appeared at that moment, interrupting Vivian’s urge to slap Fabian’s face harshly.
“Okay, I’ll go with you.” 
Shooting a glance at the man, who quickly resumed his gentle demeanor, Vivian followed Ashley towards the wine cellar. 
“Truthfully, Fabes doesn’t like to drink red wine.” When they were picking the wine, Ashley suddenly spoke up, “Haha! A lot of his habits are unlike those of wealthy men.” 
Unaware of why Ashley was suddenly bringing this up, Vivian merely muttered an acknowledgement. 
“So, it’s normal that you didn’t recognize him to be the grandson of the Norton family,” drawled Ashley. 
Vivian’s expression suddenly stiffened. Her head snapped up, as she looked at Ashley, who had a bright smile upon her face. “However, Vivian, no matter how much you regret it now, Fabes is already mine.” 
Vivian was astonished. 
Ashley is aware of my past with Fabian? 
“You want to ask me how I’ve come to know about it?” Ashley’s smile became more coquettish. “Naturally, Fabes had told me about it himself.” 
Vivian felt a sense of unease, rising within her. 
Did Fabian narrate our past to Ashley as if it were all a joke? 
“Huh? You don’t appear too happy, Vivian.” Holding the wine bottle, Ashley inched closer to her. 
Unable to tolerate it any longer, Vivian’s expression turned cold. “Ashley, what are you trying to say?”
Only then did the hypocritical smile fade from Ashley’s face. A hostile glint appeared in her eyes as she warned, “Vivian, you know what I’m trying to tell you. I know that you’re working in the same company as Fabes. However, I’m warning you now. Don’t covet something that doesn’t belong to you!” 
Gazing at Ashley’s threatening look, Vivian finally found that all of this hilariously ridiculous. 
“Don’t worry.” She raised her hand. “I am already married. I am completely uninterested in your fiancé.” 
When Ashley saw the wedding ring that was on Vivian’s finger, she was momentarily stunned. Notwithstanding, she quickly burst out laughing. 
“Vivian, you’re already married? Why didn’t you tell me earlier?” She took a closer look at her ring and laughed even louder. “It appears as though my brother-in-law is an honest man. He must be really nice to you, right?” 
To Ashley, an “honest man” was synonymous with a poor man. 
Without denying it, Vivian coolly replied, “You’re not worried anymore, right?” 
“I’ve never been worried.” Ashley feigned an innocent and harmless look again. Blinking her eyes, she drawled, “After all, after what had happened two years ago… Even if you’d wanted to reconcile with Fabes, he wouldn’t be willing to do so either, right?” 
Vivian’s body shuddered, as she glared at Ashley. 
Ashley’s grin grew wider. She abruptly moved closer to Vivian and lowered her voice. “After all, who’ll accept a woman who has been ravaged by a stinky, old man?” 
Ashley’s words were like daggers to Vivian’s heart, causing her to feel extremely distressed. Her body started to quiver uncontrollably as she soon yelled, “That’s enough! Stop talking…”
However, Ashley moved even closer to her ears. With a mocking tone, she scorned, “Vivian, does your current husband know that your virginity was stolen by an old man, two years ago? And… It was only for a price of ten thousand…” 
“That’s enough!” shrieked Vivian, who was unable to bear it any longer. She shoved Ashley aside forcefully. 
“Argh!” 
Ashley fell onto the floor, causing the wine bottle to be smashed into smithereens. 
“Ashley!”
###Chapter 16
Chapter 16 
Before Vivian could react, she heard a scream of surprise. When she raised her head, she saw Emma rushing over. 
Emma was her father’s wife and Ashley’s mother. However, she was not Vivian’s biological mother. 
Her mother was still lying in the hospital, surviving on medicine and pills alone. 
Emma quickly helped Ashley up from the floor. Fabian had also rushed over. When he saw her pathetic look and reddened eyes, his gaze was soon filled with fury. “Vivian, what are you doing?” 
Unlike how fragile Ashley had appeared, Vivian maintained a stubborn look of defiance, despite being drenched in red wine. “She had continuously irked me with her words, so I accidentally pushed her. I’m sorry.” 
“Accidentally?” Emma raised her voice as she glared at Vivian resentfully. “What do you mean by it being an accident? It’s evident that you’ve done it on purpose! You’re simply jealous that Ashley is able to marry someone great, hence, you’d wanted to sabotage her before her wedding! Why does she have such a ruthless sister?” 
“Emma, you’re overthinking this. Why would I be jealous of Ashley?” 
“You’ve been jealous of her since young. Don’t think that I’m oblivious to it!” Emma’s voice became sharper. “You refuse to admit your mistake! You and your mother are cut from the same cloth. You’re just like your mother—a shameless seductress!” 
Vivian was completely enraged.
“Emma!” Her tone became frosty. “I’m warning you now. Because you’re older than me, I’ll let it go, even if you insult me. However, if you insult my mom, I’ll definitely refuse to show you any form of courtesy!” 
Vivian’s bloodshot eyes frightened Emma. Unable to utter a single word, she shot a pleading look at Harvey, who was beside her. 
Harvey’s expression was hostile too. Glaring at Vivian, he chided angrily, “Vivian! What are you saying? Apologize right now!” 
Vivian’s body shuddered in anger. She was about to rebuke when Fabian scorned coldly, “Mr. Miller, you should really settle your domestic affairs properly. She’s all but an illegitimate daughter, yet she dares to raise her voice against the actual family? Where’s the order in this house?” 
Vivian froze as she glared at Fabian in disbelief. 
Fabian met her gaze. However, his eyes were filled with disdain. 
Initially, he thought that Vivian was unlike her mother, who was a mere mistress. Yet, they turned out to be similarly shameless! 
He uttered such horrible words in response. However, it was not to stand up for Ashley. Instead, he was merely maddened by his blindness and foolishness in the past. 
“I’m sorry that you have to witness this, Mr. Norton.” 
Only then did the dumbfounded Vivian return to her senses. Shooting a furious glare at Harvey, she rebuked, “Dad, what are you talking about? Others don’t know what had happened, but you clearly do! Back then, Mom—”
Before Vivian could finish her sentence, Harvey glowered at her. He yelled, “Vivian, shut up! Remember that your last name is William, not Miller. So, don’t act all high and mighty in the Miller Residence!” 
Your last name is William, not Miller. 
Harvey’s words were like sharp daggers to Vivian, piercing her heart as it caused it to ache terribly. 
All of her words of defense morphed into an utter sense of helplessness. 
Suddenly, she found everything to be completely meaningless. 
When she saw how the three people in front of her were warily staring at her, she scoffed mockingly. 
They are a family. They love each other and they possess a common enemy. 
Since the beginning, I’ve been nothing but an outsider to them. 
Why should I stay here and humiliate myself further? 
“I’m sorry,” apologized Vivian indifferently. “Since I made all of you unhappy, I won’t stay here anymore. I’ll only serve to ruin your mood.” 
With that, she left the wine cellar, without sparing any of them a second glance. 
When she brushed past Ashley, she spotted the gloating look on Ashley’s face, as though she had won the match. 
“Hey, sis.” Vivian stopped in her tracks. It was rare for her to address Ashley as her sister. “My best wishes to both you and Fabian. Have a blessed engagement and I hope that you’ll stay happy forever.”
Upon her last sentence, she left without any hesitation. 
When she left the Miller Residence, she realized that it was already nighttime. 
The Miller Residence was just like Finnick’s villa. There were no available cabs or bus stops in its vicinity. Hence, Vivian could only whip out her phone, to use a cab-hailing application. At that moment, her phone suddenly rang. 
When she saw that the call was from Finnick, Vivian was stunned for a moment, before she finally answered it. 
“Hello?” 
“Hello, it’s me.” Finnick’s mellow voice sounded out from the other end of the line. “Are you eating at your father’s place?” 
For some reason, when Vivian heard Finnick’s voice, she felt a sudden urge to cry.
###Chapter 17
Chapter 17 
Vivian cleared her throat and tried to sound as casual as she could. She did not want Finnick to find out about what happened. “Oh, I didn’t manage to have a meal with them in the end. I caught a cold so I excused myself.” 
Over on the other end, Finnick did not reply immediately. He felt something was off but was contemplating if he should pursue the matter. “Where are you now?” He decided to drop the matter and give her some space in the end. 
“Well, I’m at Yves Mansion. Why don’t you grab something to eat first? And could you ask Molly to prepare some soup? I’ll have it when I reach home.” 
Again, there was silence on the other side. Vivian looked at her phone and found out that it had switched off automatically because it ran out of battery. 
Damn it! Now of all times? 
How am I supposed to go back now? 
She tried switching it back on but it just did not work. She stomped her foot in frustration and looked around desperately as she tried to recall the location of the nearest bus stop. 
But it was not long before she felt a sharp pain in her ankle. Her high feels were giving her blisters and it hurt badly. 
Vivian groaned and shook her head weakly. It was really an unlucky day for her. 
The Yves Mansion’s neighborhood was huge and she found herself wandering in the same place even after walking for a few minutes.
The night was getting colder and the frosty breeze blew right through her body. A shiver went down Vivian’s spine and she pulled her cardigan tighter around her thin body as she continued walking. 
Just as she was about to take a turn into another road, a glaring light shone right into her eyes. 
She tilted her head aside and squinted to see if it was a cab. To her dismay, it was a private car—a black one. 
Right, what was I even expecting? A cab in a posh neighborhood like this one? 
Vivian frowned and took a closer look at the car as it slowed down toward her. 
Wait… This car looks familiar… 
It came closer and finally stopped right in front of her. 
The door opened and down from the car ramp came an attractive young man in a wheelchair. 
It was none other than Finnick. 
The car light shone so brightly in the dark that Vivian could not see him clearly. But from the outline of his body and his chiseled jaw, Vivian could tell with just one glance it was definitely him. 
He was the one who had always found her during the hardest moments in her life, even if she was not expecting him to come over this time around. 
His wheelchair stopped right in front of Vivian and a smile broke out on his face as he looked up at her. She looked startled, but cute nonetheless. 
“Why? Are you not happy to see me?” Finnick teased with a gentle smile. 
Vivian raised her eyebrows and grinned. “Of course I’m happy to see you.”
It was true. She was happy to see him. 
Finnick was there for her whenever she was stranded. He had always been the light at the end of the tunnel for her. 
Seeing the contented smile on her face, Finnick beamed with pleasure. “Let’s go.” He beckoned. 
Vivian nodded cheerfully and followed him toward the car. She had totally forgotten about the pain in her ankle as she walked toward him. But the blister burst and she halted her steps all of a sudden, trying to gulp back her tears. 
“What’s wrong?” Finnick realized she was jerking in pain and saw her checking out her feet. 
His gaze followed hers and finally stopped at her ankle. Finnick’s brows furrowed as he spotted red stains of blood. 
“It’s nothing. Just the heels. I just need to put on a plaster after I get home.” But before Vivian could continue walking, he bent over and held her ankle with his hands. 
“I’m fine, Finnick…” Vivian suddenly felt uneasy as a hot sensation spread across her pink cheeks. 
His fingers brushed against her skin as he lifted her left leg to get a closer look. 
Finnick checked her wound carefully and his brows drew together in a worried frown. “It’s bleeding.” 
Vivian gasped as his touch tingled her skin. She was not sure if she was having goosebumps because of the pain or his electrifying touch. 
“It’s nothing, really,” she mumbled. Vivian could not seem to pronounce her words clearly. Her blood was boiling and her heart was beating faster. But Finnick did not realize this at all—he was too worried about her.
He took off her heels decisively and pulled her along her waist in a strong tug. Everything happened so quickly that Vivian did not even have time to react. She let out a cry and the next thing she knew she was already in Finnick’s arms, sitting on his lap. 
In fact, she was so close to him she could feel the heat radiating off his body in the chilly night. 
“Finnick!” She stared at him, bewildered. 
Their eyes met and she quickly looked away nervously. But Finnick was unperturbed. He turned his wheelchair toward the car and said, “Let’s go home.”
###Chapter 18
Chapter 18 
Go home? 
Vivian stopped struggling and her eyes widened in surprise, but sadness seeped in later on. 
Home? 
I don’t have a home anymore… 
Although she had moved in with Finnick, she had never taken his villa as her real home. To her, it was just a roof over her head when she had nowhere else to go. It was never her home. 
But for the first time, Vivian felt a warm feeling blossoming in her heart like the first spring after a long cold winter. Her startled eyes surveyed Finnick’s face as he reciprocated her gaze quietly. 
Their marriage had happened out of the blue. Yet looking at him, Vivian thought it was not a bad idea to have someone by her side after all. 
Her face relaxed and she finally gave in, wrapping her arms around his neck. 
Now that she caved, Finnick’s eyes glimmered subtly with joy. His brows curved into a smile and he moved toward the car proudly. 
Not long after they got in, the car sped off, moving further away from Yves Mansion. 
As the black Bentley gradually went out of sight, a lurking shadow emerged from a dark corner along the empty road. 
Under the lonely street light, Fabian stood as he watched the couple depart.
After Vivian left the Miller family, although Fabian did not run after her, he still felt uneasy. The night had fallen and he worried about her safety. So Fabian gave a random reason and excused himself not long after she left alone. 
He saw her walking strenuously in the dark but he could not bring himself to send her home after everything that happened between them. So Fabian decided to just watch her from afar—until the man in the wheelchair appeared. 
Although Fabian could not see the man clearly from a distance, he knew instantly it was Finnick the very moment he saw his car and his iconic wheelchair. 
His fists clenched so tight red marks grew under his pale skin. 
Why? Why must it be him? Vivian, you’re already married, so why do you have to get involved with this man? 
His anger burned within him as he bit his lip. 
“Fabes?” 
A soft voice echoed carefully from behind. 
Fabian suddenly came around and turned toward the voice in alarm. It was Ashley. 
“Ashley, you’re here.” He moved toward her, then held her cold hands and rubbed them against his as he tried to warm her up. “You need to put on more clothes. Let’s go.” 
“I’m worried, so I came to check on you,” Ashley said tenderly as Fabian held her in his arms. 
But her shaky voice betrayed her.
Ashley had seen everything earlier on. She saw someone picked Vivian up, and she saw the hatred and fury in Fabian’s eyes. 
Vivian William, why can’t he just get over you? 
I’ve taken your place, but why does he still only have eyes for you? 
She bit her lip and her face turned pale in bitter jealousy. 
Vivian William, you’d better stay away from Fabes. Don’t forget I still have some dirt on you. I can make you lose everything you have overnight! 
– 
By the time Vivian got home, her body was already shivering uncontrollably. She had been out in the cold for too long and it was not helping her health. 
She dashed to the bathroom and took a hot shower to warm herself up. When she came out of the bathroom, Finnick was already done showering and was blow-drying his hair. 
When Finnick saw her, he quickly switched off the hairdryer and ruffled his hair. “Come dry your hair,” he said, waving the hairdryer at her. 
“It’s fine. It’ll dry on its own,” Vivian replied, waving her hand back dismissively. She was already tired from a long day. 
Besides, she still had to wash her clothes. But just as she was about to leave, Finnick grabbed her by her wrist and pulled her back. 
“You’re having a cold. It’ll get worse if you don’t dry your hair.” Without waiting for her to agree, Finnick pulled her over with a strong tug and sat her on the chair in front of the dressing table. He positioned
his wheelchair behind her and switched the hairdryer back on. 
Vivian sat in the chair as she stole a surprising look at Finnick from the mirror. He was rustling her hair gently as he held the hairdryer in another hand. Strands of her hair beat against her face ticklishly and Vivian sneezed. 
“See, I told you. Your cold is gonna get worse. You need to stop being a kid and learn to take care of yourself.” 
His words brought back fond memories. 
It had been a long time since someone nagged her like that. 
Tears started welling in her eyes as waves of emotion overwhelmed her. Gosh, why am I crying because of those stupid people? They are not even my family. Vivian blinked her eyes hard as she looked at Finnick’s sculpted and charming face while he dried her hair. “Finnick, may I ask you something?” Vivian blurted out a question before she could even stop herself. 
“What is it?” 
It was already too late for her to remedy the situation. She bit her lip and asked anyway, “Will you hate me if I did something shameful? I mean, hypothetically speaking.” 
Finnick’s brows twitched a little as he heard her timid voice coming through the noise of the hairdryer. He cocked his head and looked at Vivian in the mirror. 
Her complexion was pale and her eyes wandered aimlessly through the cosmetics on the dressing table. He could tell she was anxiously waiting for an answer, but she was afraid of hearing it at the same time.
Finnick knew full well what she was referring to. He already did a background check on her, but he chose not to bring it up. In fact, he would never bring it up—not until she was ready to open up to him. 
His mind raced rapidly as he thought about her question and his lips curved up in a tacit smile. Does this mean she’s finally opening up to me? 
“It doesn’t matter what you’ve done in the past. You’re my wife, and this will never change,” Finnick said slowly but surely. 
It doesn’t matter what you’ve done in the past. You’re my wife, and this will never change. 
Those words came out so effortlessly from his mouth. But to Vivian, they meant the world to her. 
She lowered her head like a guilty child with her gaze locked on her fidgeting fingers. “Thank you, Finnick.” Her voice broke as she pronounced every word. 
Thank you for holding out your hand to me when there was no hope for me. 
Thank you for being here when I need you the most. 
Thank you for giving me a home when I had none. 
Finnick’s assuring words reverberated in her mind and she heaved a sigh of relief. She could finally sleep with a full heart after such a long day. After Finnick was done drying her hair, Vivian hit the hay immediately and fell into a deep sleep. 
Finnick sat at the corner of the bed as he watched her sleeping sweetly. 
He reflected on everything that happened thus far. Things took an unexpected turn but something had been bugging him. He could not explain the burning sensation he felt when he saw her utterly helpless
and alone back at Yves Mansion. The feeling pierced through him like a thorn and it made his heart ached. 
What’s wrong with me? 
Vivian was merely someone he married to shut his grandpa up, but Finnick felt she meant more than that to him now. Otherwise, he would not care so much about her. 
Finnick drummed his fingers in an exasperated manner as he tried to make sense of how he actually felt toward Vivian. He finally reached for his phone and called Noah. 
“Noah, I need you to do something. Gather everything you can about Vivian’s past. I want a detailed account this time around.” His commanding voice rang deep and apathetic in the quiet room.
###Chapter 19
Chapter 19 
Morning broke and Vivian arose after a good night’s rest. She was up earlier by half an hour. After washing up, she switched on her laptop and started penning a resignation letter right away. 
She did not care if people would take her as a coward who was simply running away from the situation —she just could not work under Fabian anymore. 
Just as she was typing away furiously on the keyboard, her phone rang and the hospital’s number appeared on the screen. 
“Ms. William? The patient’s brain waves fluctuated this morning. She could wake up anytime soon.” 
Vivian widened her eyes with a huge smile on a face. “My mother may regain consciousness?” 
“Yes, there is a possibility. But we don’t want to be overconfident,” the doctor said. 
“I understand. I’ll wait even if it takes years!” Vivian exclaimed, leaping to her feet. 
“We will assist her in every way possible. We are giving her a different treatment now that her situation is looking good. But you will need to brace yourself for the cost of the treatment.” The doctor’s voice deepened. 
“Don’t worry, I’ve got her covered under health insurance. I’ll pay for any expenses not covered by the insurance.” After assuring the doctor that she would figure out a way to manage the medical expenses, Vivian hung up. 
She sat back down and looked at her half-written resignation letter. Pursing her lips, she deleted everything in one go.
She could not afford to lose her job right now. It was not just because she had to pay for her mother’s medical bill, but it would also take some time before she could find another job. 
Vivian scrambled to get ready and headed for work immediately. 
She would face whatever came her way. 
Since Finnick had not been home since early in the morning, she finished up breakfast in a hurry and hailed a cab right after. 
Her magazine company had recently landed a huge long-term project with another magazine company in Q City. The company took this deal very seriously and Fabian was even going on a business trip to the city to sort out the details of the contract. 
Thinking of this, Vivian could not help but heave a sigh of relief. 
She hope Fabian would leave for the trip soon, then she would not have to face him at the company. 
But things did not turn out the way she expected. Not long after she arrived at the office, Lesley Jenson, the senior editor, rushed over to her. “Vivian, you need to get ready now. You’re going on a business trip to Q City with the Chief Editor.” 
Vivian sprang up from her chair and stared at her in bewilderment. “Ms. Jenson, doesn’t the Chief Editor have his own personal assistant? I shouldn’t be the one going on the trip with him!” 
The senior editor looked at her and shrugged her shoulders. “Well, if you have an ion, you should go talk to the Chief Editor himself. He was the one who asked you to go.” 
Vivian rolled her eyes and clenched her fists. 
What is he trying to do?
He’s about to get married soon! What does he still want with me? 
Vivian strode toward Fabian’s office without losing a moment. She had to talk to him. 
But before she could even knock on the door, the office door opened before her and there Fabian stood right in front of her. 
He was stunned at first, but he quickly composed himself and looked at her coldly. “Vivian William, what are you waiting for? We are leaving now.” 
Vivian glared at him and replied, “Mr. Norton, I’m not going to Q City with you.” 
Sensing the determination in her voice, Fabian was furious. “I’m the one who gets to decide things here. You can resign anytime you like if you disagree.” 
Vivian gritted her teeth, trying to swallow her anger back in. 
She would have handed in her resignation letter if she could. Then she would not have to stand Fabian Norton any longer. But since the hospital called this morning, she simply could not give up at this point. She still needed the money. 
Fabian scoffed as he looked at her at a loss for words. “Since you can’t leave as you like, I’d advise you to start getting ready right now. The flight is at 3 o’clock. Miss the flight and you’ll lose your job.” 
He turned and left without waiting for her to give her consent. 
But it was not like Vivian had a choice. She had to do as he said. Vivian grunted as she took out her phone and called Molly to pack her luggage. 
After getting her call, Molly rushed to pack Vivian’s stuff. She got everything ready within an hour and even brought Vivian’s luggage to her office.
“Thanks so much, Molly. Sorry for bothering you. I really didn’t have time to go home and pack myself,” Vivian said apologetically as she took her suitcase from Molly. 
Molly smiled politely at Vivian. The servants adored their master’s wife tremendously. She was always courteous, understanding, and down-to-earth when talking to the servants. “Don’t mention it, Ms. William. This is what I’m supposed to do. Have you told Mr. Norton that you’ll be away on a business trip?” 
Vivian gasped. 
It suddenly occurred to her that she had totally forgotten to inform Finnick about her business trip. She was so overwhelmed by anger because of Fabian’s ridiculous demand she totally forgot to let Finnick know. 
“I’ll tell him,” Vivian said as she waved goodbye to Molly. 
She reached for her phone once she got back to her table and called Finnick. But he did not pick up. 
Maybe he’s at a meeting. 
Since Vivian thought it was not a big deal, she decided to just text him instead of calling him again. After sending Finnick a message, she left for the airport with Fabian. 
Over at Finnor Group, Finnick rolled his wheelchair into the president’s office as he talked to Noah. 
“Regarding the Q City project, I think we should just cancel it. The other party doesn’t seem to be very keen about the project.” 
Noah nodded and scribbled something on his notebook. “Noted. Also, Mr. Norton, Ms. William called during the meeting just now.”
Finnick’s hands stopped and he turned around. “Vivian called?” 
He was not caught by surprise per se, but something urgent must have come up for Vivian to call him herself. Finnick took his phone from Noah and saw her WhatsApp message. 
Something came up at the company and I need to go on a business trip for a few days in Q City with the Chief Editor. 
Finnick was upset after reading her text. It was not because she gave him a late notice, but rather, it was because her goodbye message sounded so mechanical. 
He locked his phone and let out a disappointed sigh. Noah sensed something was wrong, so he quickly handed over a pile of documents to Finnick. “Mr. Norton, this is all the information I’ve gathered about Ms. William.” 
Finnick took the thick folder from him and flipped it open. His color changed and his face hardened after reading just a few lines into the first page. 
He slammed the folder closed and his eyes shone with anger. “We’re going to Q City. Now!”
###Chapter 20
Chapter 20 
By the time Finnick left for Q City, Vivian and Fabian were already on their way. 
Over in the business class cabin, Vivian sat beside Fabian uneasily. The cabin crew just served an in- flight meal and it was paella. Vivian hated seafood so much she did not even touch the food. 
“Still don’t fancy seafood?” Fabian asked with a smirk on his face. 
“I can tell the Chief Editor’s memory is still functioning alright,” Vivian replied nastily. She had had enough of Fabian today. 
“Of course. I remember everything about my first love,” Fabian said slowly after taking a sip of coffee. 
Vivian closed her eyes and took deep breaths. She did not want to get into a fight with him on the plane. 
But Fabian did not seem to realize her reaction. “Besides, how can I ever forget the feeling of being played for a fool by my first love?” he added. 
Vivian’s face turned pale as bad memories came flooding back. “Mr. Norton, I’m not sure who’s being played for a fool here. I’m not the one who hid my real identity on purpose.” 
Fabian’s expression changed slightly before he chuckled. He was not expecting her to retaliate. “Of course. I should’ve told you earlier, shouldn’t I? Then you probably wouldn’t have betrayed me and thrown yourself on a sixty-year-old saggy old man.” 
Fabian was not even trying to lower his voice. Other passengers and flight attendants widened their eyes in astonishment.
“Fabian Norton, what do you think you’re doing?” Vivian finally snapped. 
Fabian leaned closer and looked at her. Her face was pale with shame and anger. For a moment, he felt sorry for putting her in a tight position. 
But he really could not get over what he saw yesterday night. 
“Vivian William, are you afraid of people judging you after all the brazen things you’ve done?” 
Vivian glared at him unreservedly. Fabian had been hurling vexing insults ever since they got on the plane. “What I do has nothing to do with you!” she shouted. 
But Fabian did not raise his voice this time. He eyed her and said coldly, “You’re not the one who gets the say here. I’m never going to forgive you for what you’ve done.” 
Vivian glared at him and her heart pounded intensely. 
She finally understood why Fabian insisted she came with him on a business trip. 
He wanted to shame her and torture her for the pain she had inflicted on him. All he wanted was revenge. 
True enough, after they arrived in Q City, Fabian made Vivian attend a business meal with him, knowing full well that Vivian hated formal gatherings like this. 
Since Vivian was the only lady around the table, she naturally became the center of attention. Each of the business partners took turns to toast to Vivian, but Fabian did nothing about it. Even Vivian herself lost count of how many shots she took after toasting to every man around the table. 
“Mr. Norton, I didn’t know you have such a cute secretary!” Mr. Hark exclaimed as he eyed Vivian from top to toe. He was in his forties and was a chief editor from another company. Vivian lowered her head
awkwardly, not knowing what to do. She had always felt out of place during social gatherings like this. 
“She’s yours if you like,” Fabian replied with an easy laugh, without even explaining that Vivian was not actually his secretary. 
Upon hearing this, Vivian looked up in shock and stared at Fabian. She could not believe he would insult her publicly in front of a group of strangers. 
“Come on, Mr. Norton. You must be kidding!” Mr. Hark burst into laughter. 
“I’m serious. You can take her if you want. Just take this as a token of appreciation from our company!” Fabian repeated. 
Vivian’s face grew hot and red from the alcohol and shame. She could not believe Fabian used to be the young man she loved. 
He used to be a timid young man who would shy away from strangers. But he had changed so much after two years. 
Vivian even wondered if she knew the real Fabian to begin with. 
Fabian looked at her from the corner of his eyes and tilted his head. “What are you waiting for? Pour Mr. Hark a drink!” 
Her hands trembled when she saw Mr. Hark smiling creepily at her. She was utterly disgusted but she did as Fabian demanded nonetheless. 
“Mr. Hark, here’s to our successful collaboration,” Vivian said coldly. Forcing a smile on her face, she stole a quick look at him as she handed him a glass of wine.
But instead of taking the glass from her, Mr. Hark grabbed and rubbed his coarse fingers against her hand. “Come on, young lady, you don’t have to be this polite. We’ll definitely be working together on a lot of other things in the future!” Mr. Hark grinned lewdly as he emphasized his words to make sure she understood what he actually meant. 
Vivian struggled to retract her hand but Mr. Hark refused to let her go. 
Beside her, Fabian’s grip tightened around his glass as he saw Mr. Hark harassing Vivian. Anger suffocated his chest and he finally stood up. 
“Mr. Hark! Here’s to our working together!” Fabian spoke up. 
Mr. Hark finally let go of Vivian reluctantly and toasted to Fabian. Realizing it was her chance to herself, Vivian scrambled to leave for the washroom. 
But she felt nauseous as she held on to the wall and made her way slowly toward the washroom. I must be drunk. 
When she finally reached the washroom, she quickly turned on the tap at the sink and washed her face. Her stomach churned uncomfortably and her head was throbbing in pain. 
Darn it! 
Vivian really did not know what was Fabian up to. She knew he hated her all this while. But she did not know why he would channel all his fury toward her all of a sudden. 
Vivian rubbed her temples, hoping it would help her feel better. 
She really hated the meeting today. Fabian was being annoyingly unpredictable; Mr. Hark was checking her out like an old pervert. Vivian had a feeling things would go haywire as soon as she
walked out of the washroom, so she sent Fabian a message saying that she would go back to the hotel first. 
But just as she was about to turn the corner, a familiar but annoying voice rang from behind her. It was Mr. Hark. 
“Ms. William! What took you so long? I’ve been waiting for you!” 
She turned around nervously and saw Mr. Hark leaning against the wall. He must have been waiting for her all this while.
###Chapter 21
Chapter 21 
Vivian forced herself to stay calm as she asked, “You’re going to the bathroom too, Mr. Hark?” 
“Of course not…” Mr. Hark slurred, scooting over to her. Vivian recoiled at the alcoholic stench that his body emitted. “I’m here for you…” 
Vivian almost puked at the sound of that. 
You’re here for me? 
You could almost be my father at this age! 
“That’s really funny, Mr. Hark,” Vivian said, giving him a strained smile. She put a hand against the wall and tried to walk towards the ladies’ bathroom, only for him to grab her by the arm. 
“Hey, Ms. William… Don’t you like me?” Mr. Hark drawled. 
Of course not! 
Vivian resisted the urge to snap at him for the sake of her job. “Mr. Hark, you’re drunk.” 
“Haha! It doesn’t matter! I can still have my way with you!” Mr. Hark sneered, moving over to pin Vivian against the wall with his large belly. “I’ll show you just how good I am in bed!” 
Vivian glared at him and started to struggle against him. “Hey! Watch your words, Mr. Hark!” 
Her struggling irritated Mr. Hark, and his smirk turned into a scowl. “Stop resisting, Vivian William! The Chief Editor practically handed you over to me!”
It was as though an explosion had gone off in Vivian’s head, and she could only stare at Mr. Hark in shock and disbelief. “What do you mean?” 
“Stop pretending you don’t know!” Mr. Hark growled, pressing his face against hers. “The Chief Editor agreed to all of this, so you’re just a gift from the magazine company. You’re mine now!” 
Vivian’s mind went blank, and her arms relaxed out of grief, drooping to her sides. 
Fabian probably despises me for what happened two years ago, but why would he do something as despicable as this? 
Am I just a prostitute to him? 
Suddenly, Vivian looked up to see a familiar figure at the other end of the corridor. 
It’s Fabian! 
Fabian had come after her as he was concerned for her safety. 
He had been suspicious of Mr. Hark since he caught the latter eyeing Vivian throughout their meal, and his anxiety only mounted when Mr. Hark followed Vivian out just shortly after she left to go to the bathroom. 
The scene before him caught him off guard. 
Mr. Hark was practically squashing Vivian’s tiny frame against the wall, yet Vivian stayed still, as though she had given Mr. Hark permission to treat her as such. 
Fabian could feel his blood boil. 
Why the hell are you not resisting, Vivian William?
Are you really the sl*t that I think you are? Do you have a fetish for old, slimy men like Mr. Hark? 
Fabian considered pulling Mr. Hark away from her, but her lack of resistance disappointed him. 
What’s the point of helping you out? 
What if she does have a thing for those old geezers? Won’t I be ruining her fun if I intervened now? 
With that, Fabian turned around and left the scene without hesitating for even a second. 
As for Vivian, a glimmer of hope appeared when she caught sight of Fabian. 
There’s no way he would give his female subordinates to other people as gifts, even if he hates me! 
However, before she could open her mouth to scream for help, Fabian had already turned around and walked away. 
Boom! 
The last sliver of hope Vivian had crumbled into a heap the moment she saw Fabian turn his back on her. 
Why would you do that, Fabian? 
Didn’t you see me just now? Why did you just walk away? 
Vivian shuddered. Maybe Mr. Hark is right… Maybe Fabian was the one who suggested this… 
She began to shake uncontrollably. 
How could you, Fabian? How could you?
Suddenly, a revolting stench filled her nostrils, and she raised her head to see Mr. Hark pressing his lips against her face. 
“Ew! Get away from me!” she yelled, smacking him on the face with her hand and leaving a red handprint on his cheek. 
Unfortunately, it only angered him even further. 
“Vivian William!” he yelled, grabbing her by her hair roughly. “Do you still want your job in this industry?” 
Vivian scrunched her face up in fear and pain. When she noticed Mr. Hark raising his hand to slap her, she squeezed her eyes shut and braced for the pain. 
However, the stinging pain never came. In fact, the next thing she knew, Mr. Hark gave a frightening yelp and pulled away from her. 
“M-Mr. Norton? Why are you here?”
###Chapter 22
Chapter 22 
Mr. Norton? 
Vivian’s eyes flew open to see a familiar figure on a wheelchair. 
Her eyes widened immediately. “F-Finnick?” 
Am I dreaming? 
Finnick studied her from head to toe, taking in her flushed face, sparkling eyes and body-hugging outfit that brought out her beautiful curves. 
Her beauty irritated him. 
Who would go to work in that outfit? No wonder she attracts so many perverts! 
Finnick ignored Vivian completely and glared at Mr. Hark. 
Mr. Hark had wanted to slap Vivian, but Finnick popped out of nowhere and grabbed his wrist. 
Finnick was wheelchair-bound, but it did not hinder his movements at all. His height advantage made the maneuver as easy as if he had been able-bodied. 
Finnick was a prominent figure in the magazine industry, which was why Mr. Hark recognized him immediately. The fat on his cheeks trembled as he stared at Finnick in shock and forced a smile onto his lips. “Mr. Norton? W-Why are you here?” 
Finnick’s gaze was colder than ice, yet Mr. Hark was sweating as though he had been standing under the sun.
Finnick shoved Mr. Hark’s hand aside and took out a piece of tissue paper to wipe his hand down. With a disgusted look on his face, he spat, “Scram!” 
Scared out of his drunken daze, Mr. Hark scurried off immediately. 
… 
Fabian strode out of the restaurant, still brooding over what he saw in the corridor. His phone suddenly rang, jolting him out of his trance. 
“Hey! Fabian Norton! Are you trying to get me killed?” Mr. Hark yelled the moment he picked up the phone. 
“Huh?” Fabian was caught off guard. 
“Why didn’t you tell me that Vivian William was attached to the president of Finnor Group?” Mr. Hark demanded. 
“What?” 
“What do you mean ‘what’? Finnick Norton came just before I got what I wanted! Why didn’t you tell me more about that woman? I would have avoided her at all costs!” 
Fabian skidded to a halt. 
Finnick’s here? 
Since when did he come to Q City? 
“Hey! Fabian! Are you listening?” 
Mr. Hark continued to bark at him, but he no longer had the patience to listen to him.
He had not made his true identity as part of the Norton family public, hence he regularly got yelled at by insignificant people like Mr. Hark. 
After a while of staring into space, he finally took out his phone again and gave Vivian a call. 
A few long beeps later, the call finally went through, but the voice that greeted him was that of a man’s. 
“Hello?” 
Fabian’s heart skipped a beat, and he ended the call without hesitating for even a second. 
He stared at his phone for a long moment before bursting into maniacal laughter. 
I know that voice! 
It’s Finnick, isn’t it? 
Don’t tell me it’s him… 
Are they actually living together? 
Fabian could almost cry from laughing too much. Her contact in his phone suddenly felt like a needle to his eye. 
Oh… Vivian… What did I ever do to you? Why did you have to make me suffer so much? 
You’re already married, and yet you’re still eyeing other men? Why Finnick, of all people? 
On the other end of the line, Finnick gently set Vivian’s phone down with a blank look on his face. 
“Who is it?” Vivian asked weakly, already half-asleep from the alcohol. Finnick had helped her pick up the call just now, seeing how intoxicated she was.
“Just a spam call,” he answered. 
“Oh…” Vivian answered as she nursed her throbbing head. 
“Does you head hurt?” Finnick asked gently, noticing how much pain she seemed to be in. 
“Yeah…” Vivian said. She almost jumped out of her skin when a pair of hands came to rest at her temples. 
“How does this feel?” Finnick asked as he rubbed her temples gently. 
His fingers felt coarse and cold on her burning skin, and it made her heart race for a few seconds. 
She shifted away from him. “T-Thanks. I feel better now.” 
However, she was pulled back by him immediately. “Don’t move!” he commanded coldly.
###Chapter 23
Chapter 23 
Vivian froze and looked out of the window. Under the dim glow of the streetlights, she noticed how Finnick’s expression seemed more stern than usual, as though something had been bothering him. 
She sobered up immediately. “Are you angry, Finnick?” 
I’m sure any man would be mad if they saw someone harassing their wife… 
“What do you think?” he asked, making the temperature in the car drop by a few centigrade. 
“I’m sorry…” Vivian whispered. 
“That’s it?” Finnick said, raising an eyebrow. 
Vivian froze as something popped into her mind. 
“Hey! Don’t overthink things!” she exclaimed. “It was just a normal business meal… I didn’t know Mr. Hark would do something like that…” 
She feared that Finnick would misunderstand things too, just like how Fabian did two years ago. 
In fact, she was gravely frightened by the very prospect of it. 
Finnick was her husband and the only person who cared about her, and the last thing she wanted was for him to hate her as well. 
Finnick stared at her with a strange glint in his eyes. 
“I know,” he said, sounding relaxed. 
Vivian heaved a sigh of relief, only to ze when Finnick spoke again.
“Don’t go to these business meals anymore.” 
Vivian nodded obediently. 
As Finnick continued to massage her temples, she found herself leaning into his touch. 
Finnick shivered when he felt something soft burrow into his shoulder. 
He looked down to see her resting her head against his shoulder, taking in her baby pink cheeks, long eyelashes and lightly parted lips. 
His eyes widened for just a second. 
What is this I’m feeling… 
“Vivian…” he rasped. 
“Hmm?” Vivian drawled as she looked up. She realized with a start that their faces were less than five centimeters apart. 
“Ah! I’m sorry!” she exclaimed, pulling herself away from him out of shock. 
However, before she could react, Finnick’s hand had already slid down her face and grabbed her chin. 
Without warning, he pressed his lips against hers. 
The coolness on her lips made her snap out of her drunken, confused state immediately. 
Finnick’s kissing me? He’s actually kissing me? 
By the time they reached the hotel, Vivian had already fallen asleep. 
Finnick placed her on his lap and took her to their room.
When he lifted her onto the bed, he noticed that her wrists were still red from the scuffle with Mr. Hark. 
His gaze turned cold immediately, and he took out his phone to make a call. 
“Hey, Finnick! I haven’t heard from you in ages!” The person on the other end of the line drawled. 
“I need your help,” Finnick said. Anyone who was familiar with him could feel the dangerous tone in his voice. 
“Wow! That’s rare! Just say it, and I’ll do it!” 
“I need you to get rid of someone for me,” Finnick said, his voice a low growl. “He hurt someone on my side, so I must make him suffer.” 
Vivian woke up the next morning with a splitting headache due to all the alcohol from the previous night. 
She struggled to get up from the bed, and a low voice made her ze. 
“You’re awake?” 
Vivian looked up to see a full course meal waiting for her on the table and Finnick sitting nearby. 
“Finnick?” Vivian exclaimed as the events of the previous night flooded into her mind. 
I almost got violated by Mr. Hark, and Finnick appeared just in time to save me… Wait, what did we do in the car afterwards? 
Oh my… Did we kiss? 
“What’s wrong?” Finnick asked when she did not get off the bed. “Are you alright?”
Vivian looked up at him with a start. 
Finnick’s room was a presidential suite, and the sunlight pouring in from the gigantic windows bathed him in its golden glint. He looked like a literal deity, though the blank look on his face reminded her that he was just a mere handsome mortal. 
It made her feel as though the kiss was just an illusion. 
“I-I’m fine!” she stammered as she clambered off the bed, only to ze when she saw what she was wearing. 
It was a white shirt that was obviously too big for her, considering how it reached all the way to her thighs. 
“W-What are these clothes?” 
“Have you forgotten?” Finnick asked, raising an eyebrow. “You threw up last night after getting drunk. I asked a female hotel employee to change you out of your soiled clothes and dress you in one of my shirts.” 
Oh… So the hotel employee did it… 
Vivian sighed in relief, not noticing Finnick’s gaze studying her from head to toe. 
Finnick grinned, only to ze the moment Vivian got up from the bed.
###Chapter 24
Chapter 24 
His shirt hung off her tiny frame like a gigantic curtain, exposing her collarbones and slender legs every so often. 
Finnick looked away, his face heating up rapidly. 
He had always prided himself with his self-control, yet he had no choice but to take a few sips of ice- cold water to calm himself down. 
Vivian sat down at the table, not having noticed anything strange about him. 
“I’m going back this afternoon,” Finnick said halfway through their meal. “Are you coming along?” 
Vivian recalled the drama from the previous night and nodded solemnly. “I’ll follow you.” 
She could not care less about her relationship with Fabian, even if it would cost her job in the future. 
“Alright.” 
“Oh, before I forget,” Vivian said. “Why are you in Q City?” 
Finnick’s hands froze for a moment, but he regained his composure just as quickly. “I had a last-minute meeting.” 
“I see,” Vivian said, stuffing another bite of food into her mouth. 
After they collected their clothes from the dry cleaning store, they set off for the airport to catch a flight back to Sunshine City.
Noah had been waiting for them when they arrived at the lobby. He raised an eyebrow when he saw Vivian walking towards him. 
No wonder he was in such a rush to come to Q City! He’s here to look for Mrs. Norton! 
“Mr. Norton, here are some documents that require your signature,” Noah said, trying his very best to hide his shock. He managed to steal a glance at Vivian when he handed the documents over to Finnick. 
He had heard some spicy rumors regarding Mrs. Norton the previous day, and he didn’t expect Mrs. Norton’s first love to be… 
“Ahem.” 
Noah shivered and turned around to meet Finnick’s cold glare. 
He lowered his head immediately. 
Vivian did not notice a thing. When Finnick got into the car, she hurried over to follow him. 
Finnick glanced at the documents in his hand before closing the folder abruptly and looking up at Vivian. “Vivian, let’s go and meet my family this weekend.” 
Vivian? 
Vivian froze for a few moments, completely caught off guard by how he addressed her. She took a while to digest the situation before answering, “Sure.” 
I’m curious about his family anyway… 
Vivian did not think much about it, but her words almost made Noah jump out of his seat. He glanced at the couple in the backseat through the rearview window.
Oh my god! He’s actually bringing her to meet his family? 
Could that mean… 
Noah did not dare to think any further. 
Vivian and Finnick arrived at Sunshine City after just a few hours, while Fabian was held back by some matters that he had to attend to. 
He had wanted to establish ties with Mr. Hark’s magazine company, only to wake up to reports of Mr. Harks’ company getting sued and going bankrupt. 
What in the world? 
This is definitely not a coincidence. 
There’s only one person who could destroy Mr. Hark’s life overnight! 
Fabian could feel his blood pressure rising. 
Darn it! 
Why would he go to such lengths just for Vivian? Doesn’t he know that Vivian is married? 
It took a while, but he managed to clear up the mess in Q City and return to Sunshine City. When he stepped out of the plane, he saw Ashley waiting for him at the gate. 
“Fabes!” Ashley yelled, rushing over to him the moment she caught sight of him. “You’re finally back? Why didn’t you pick up my calls?” 
Fabian glanced at her, annoyed by how much she resembled Vivian.
“Nothing much. I was just busy,” Fabian said before turning around and leaving the airport. 
Ashely’s face fell as she watched Fabian disappearing into distance. 
She recalled what his secretary told her a few days ago. 
“Oh, the Chief Editor’s going to Q City for a business trip with a journalist from the company. Her name? Vivian William.” 
Ashley clenched her fists, her nails digging into her palms painfully. 
Vivian William! It’s you again! 
Who gave her the right to compete with me? 
Ashley bit her lip and whipped out her phone. 
“Hello?” she said into the phone, her voice laced with an icy malice. “Do you still have the pictures from last time? I need them. Every last one of them.”
###Chapter 25
Chapter 25 
Vivian was concerned that Fabian would be annoyed by her sudden departure from Q City, therefore she was surprised when all she heard from him was radio silence. 
Soon, the weekend came. 
That day, Vivian dressed herself in a wine-red gown that Finnick had prepared for her. She proceeded to put on a diamond necklace and a pair of high-heel shoes to her outfit before walking downstairs slowly. 
Finnick had already been waiting for her downstairs, and the sound of her high-heels clicking against the wood of the stairs made him look up. His eyes widened the very next second. 
Vivian was prettier than the average girl, but she was never the type to put much effort into dressing up. In fact, she was used to hiding her beauty rather than flaunting it. 
As a result, she looked like a shimmering diamond in light makeup and the dress he picked out for her. 
Vivian walked over to Finnick and stared at him, wondering why he was being so silent. “What’s wrong? Do I look weird?” she asked bashfully, running a hand through her hair. 
That was the first time she wore something like that, and checking its price online did nothing to help with her anxiety. 
“No, you don’t,” Finnick said, snapping out of his daze. “You look beautiful.” 
Finnick was not one to be stingy with praises, particularly when the receiver was his wife. 
Vivian froze.
Did he just praise me? 
“Let’s go,” Finnick said, pushing himself to the car on his wheelchair with Vivian following close behind. 
They picked a high-end restaurant for their gathering with Finnick’s family. 
When they arrived at the restaurant, Vivian alighted from the car as Finnick held her hand. As they got onto the lift, Vivian’s anxiety suddenly mounted. “Finnick… Are your family members… Difficult people?” 
“No,” Finnick said. He paused for a short while before continuing, “Though… I’d suggest that you get ready for it.” 
Vivian froze for a moment. Before she could ask him what he meant, the lift door opened at their floor. 
Vivian ran after him, and they soon arrived at the largest private room at the end of the corridor. 
The moment they entered, Vivian noticed an old man sitting at the table. That’s his grandpa! 
Vivian gave him a polite smile and walked over to greet him, only to stop abruptly in her tracks when she took a good look at his face. 
The man before her had gotten on in his years, yet his eyes were bright and his back was straight. His gaze was stern as he trained his eyes on her, and it made her recoil just a bit in fear. 
Vivian had seen that memorable face countless times before, be it in magazines or in the news. 
That’s Samuel Norton, the Old Master of the Sunshine City Norton family! 
Vivian’s eyes almost popped out of their sockets as she stared at him in shock.
He’s Finnick’s grandfather? Does this mean that Finnick is that mysterious, unknown son of the Norton family? 
As the most prominent family in Sunshine City, everyone knew every single detail about their family history. The elder Mr. Norton had one son, who in turn gave birth to two grandsons. However, both his son and daughter-in-law passed away early, leaving their two sons in the care of the elder Mr. Norton. 
His grandsons had a huge age gap. The older one was almost forty years old, and his son Fabian Norton was known to the world as the ‘grandson of the Norton family’. 
His other grandson was only about thirty years old, but he got into an accident about a decade ago and ruined his health forever. His family sent him overseas and never spoke about him again. 
Could Finnick be that mysterious second grandson of Samuel Norton? 
Vivian’s face turned pale as a sheet. 
She knew that Finnick’s last name was Norton, but she had never put two and two together before. Everyone thought that Finnick got to where he was by his own hard work, and no one guessed that he had the entire Norton family backing him up. 
Does that mean that… Finnick is Fabian’s uncle? 
Am I living in a drama? 
My first love became my brother-in-law, and I’m his aunt now? 
“Vivian?” Finnick whispered into her ear as he pushed himself over to her. “You alright?” 
“I…” Vivian stammered. “I-I… Finnick? I don’t feel so good…”
Finnick’s eyes darkened before he spoke. “Let’s just get this over and done with. Besides, my brother and nephew is coming soon.” 
His nephew is coming too? 
Vivian’s face turned even paler at that statement.
###Chapter 26
Chapter 26 
“No, I-I can’t do this…” she stammered, taking a few steps back on shaky legs. “G-Grandpa? I’m not feeling well… I think I’ll take my leave first. I’ll definitely come back another time! I’m so sorry!” 
With that, she rushed out of the private room without even looking back. 
The elder Mr. Norton sneered as he watched her disappear down the corridor. “So that’s the girl you married? She’s so rude.” 
Finnick glared at him. “I wouldn’t have even tried if you haven’t been breathing down my neck the whole time.” 
The elder Mr. Norton widened his eyes in shock. “Y-You’re no better than her!” 
He loved his youngest grandson more than anything in the world, but everything changed after the accident ten years ago. Reading his grandson’s mind became incredibly difficult. 
Finnick decided that he did not want to continue the conversation any further. Pushing the wheels of his wheelchair, he made a move to leave the room as well. 
“Hey! Where are you going?” the elder Mr. Norton demanded. 
“I’ve lost my appetite,” Finnick said without bothering to look back. “You can eat with Mark and Fabian.” 
Upon reaching the villa, Finnick heard from Molly that Vivian had locked herself in her room ever since returning. 
Finnick eyes darkened, visibly annoyed.
He pushed open the door to the bedroom and saw Vivian lying face-down on the bed, still clad in her wine-red gown. Her gaze was empty and lifeless. 
That only irritated Finnick even further. 
He pushed himself over to the bed and stared at her with a blank expression. “Vivian, get up.” 
Vivian simply ignored him, as though he was invisible. 
Finnick flew into a rage. “Vivian!” he yelled. “Talk to me! Why did you come back?” 
He paused as the air in the room grew colder by a few centigrade. “Are you scared of meeting my nephew Fabian?” 
Vivian sat up immediately, the blank look on her face replaced by a look of disbelief. 
Her face paled as she stared at him. “H-How did you know about my relationship with Fabian?” she asked, her voice trembling. 
Did I just get deceived by the men I trust twice in a row? 
“That’s right,” Finnick said, not even bothering to make her think otherwise. “I’m sure you know that I won’t marry a random woman on the street. I know exactly what happened to you two years ago.” 
Vivian shivered as she continued to train her eyes on his face. 
“So?” she asked, her throat throbbing painfully. “Were you trying to embarrass me by taking me to that gathering?” 
“Embarrass you?” Finnick growled indignantly. He grabbed her wrist and squeezed it with all his might. “He’s just an ex-boyfriend! There’s nothing to worry about if you’ve already gotten over him!”
Vivian glared at the handsome man before her, her lips pursed into a thin line. 
“You don’t understand,” she said after a long pause. “You don’t understand how much Fabian meant to me.” 
Fabian had been her life force and her reason to live, and the pain from two years ago still felt fresh and piercing. 
Can’t he just understand how much Fabian meant to me? 
Finnick thought that he could not get any angrier, but he was wrong. 
This stupid woman! 
It’s been ten years already! Just as I thought I wouldn’t be distracted by another woman… 
He knew that Fabian was her first love and her boss, and he had flown to Q City out of panic when he heard that she had gone for a business trip with Fabian. 
The last thing he wanted to see was someone taking advantage of Vivian. 
I should have killed that jerk Hark! 
In fact, I haven’t been so emotional in a while… 
This woman is challenging my patience! 
How dare she confess her love for my nephew in front of me? 
What am I to you, Vivian William?
“Fine. I don’t understand,” Finnick said, smirking. Without warning, he stood up from his wheelchair and shoved Vivian onto the bed. “What I do understand is that you’re my wife!” 
Vivian froze the moment Finnick stood up from his wheelchair. “Y-You can stand?” 
She tried to break of his grasp to no avail. Finnick had already straddled himself over her body and held her hands down, hovering over her menacingly and covering her in the darkness of his shadow. 
“Vivian…” he growled, his voice colder than ice. “I just remembered that we haven’t done anything as husband and wife yet…”
###Chapter 27
Chapter 27 
Boom! 
“What the hell are you doing?” Vivian screamed as the shock from seeing Finnick stand up was long forgotten. 
Before she could finish her sentence, he had already ripped her dress into shreds. 
Finnick rested his body against hers, encasing her in a wall of muscle and masculine dominance. 
“Finnick! What…” 
Vivian tried to say something, but was cut off abruptly when he pressed his lips against hers. 
It was as though he was punishing her for everything she had done, and it was something she would never be able to escape from. 
No! 
I don’t want this! 
The events from two years ago popped into her mind, and the pain was so strong that it brought tears to her eyes. 
Finnick noticed her tears and froze in shock. 
He stopped what he was doing immediately and lowered his head. “Are you scared of me, Vivian?” 
Instead of answering him, Vivian grabbed her exposed shoulders tightly and continued to weep.
It was as though someone had poured a bucket of ice-cold water over him, dousing the angry flame inside of him immediately. 
He let go of her and stared at her pale, tear-streaked face in bewilderment. His heart throbbed painfully at the sight before him. 
Sh*t! 
What the hell did I just do? 
“Vivian…” he said, his voice much calmer now. He reached out to help her up, only for her to flinch away from him, as though he had electrocuted her. 
Seeing how natural her reaction was, the flame within Finnick that had just been extinguished threatened to come back to life. 
“Get some rest,” he said awkwardly before leaving the room. 
After he left, Vivian continued to sit on the bed in a daze. 
It’s been two years… 
I thought I’ve gotten over it already, yet the memories of that incident keeps coming back whenever a man gets close to me… 
She never saw Finnick again that night. 
The next morning, Vivian took her own sweet time to go downstairs after waking up. To her surprise, Molly told her that Finnick took a midnight flight overseas for a business trip. 
Huh?
Maybe he’s troubled over this too… 
As for the events of the previous night, Vivian struggled to figure out what Finnick had been thinking. 
She tried to convince herself that what Finnick was merely a show of power and dominance as a man, rather than a declaration of love. 
After all, I don’t think he’s very happy about my relationship with Fabian… 
How about his legs? Since when could he walk? 
Vivian sighed. She finished her breakfast in silence and set off for work afterwards. 
When she arrived at the office, she was greeted with a giant riot. She grabbed a person nearby by the arm and demanded to know what happened. “The Q City Magazine Company is gone! Our collaboration projects have gone down the drain…” the person wailed. 
Q City Magazine Company? 
Isn’t that the magazine company that Mr. Hark runs? 
Vivian whipped out her phone and was shocked to find various reports on the matter online. 
The Q City Magazine Company had deep roots in the magazine industry of Q City, yet someone managed to uproot it overnight! In fact, the owner of the company, Mr. Hark, was thrown behind bars after he was found guilty of a long list of charges. 
This seems too sudden to be true… Could someone be behind this? 
Could it be… Finnick?
Vivian shook her head vehemently to clear her head. 
Hey! Vivian William! Stop that! You’re his wife, but you’re not his friend! You can’t count on him to save you when you’re in trouble!” 
With that, Vivian smirked to herself. Haha! That’s karma for you, Mr. Hark! 
Because of the collapse of Q City Magazine Company, the next issue’s cover had to be completely redesigned. Vivian and her group mates finished their part of the redesigning process, after which she was tasked by Lesley to send the product over to Fabian. 
Vivian wanted to turn her down initially, since the last person she wanted to meet after the incident in Q City was Fabian. 
Fabian had let her down over and over again, and that particular incident was the last straw on the camel’s back. 
Am I really that dirty and undesirable to him? 
I don’t have even a sliver of respect for him anymore. 
I don’t even want to see him anymore. Even so, I can’t escape from him… 
Hey! It’s not like I did anything wrong in the first place! Why am I the one running away? 
With that, she picked up the mock-up that her group came up with and walked towards Fabian’s office with pursed lips. 
“Chief Editor,” she said stiffly upon entering. “Here is the mock-up that my group came up with. Please take a look at it. I’ll take my leave now.” 
She turned around to leave the room, only to ze when his cold voice rang from behind her.
“Stop right there!”
###Chapter 28
Chapter 28 
His voice sounded colder than ice when he spoke. 
Vivian did not turn back. “What’s wrong, Chief Editor?” 
“Don’t you owe me an explanation?” Fabian asked, louder this time. He must have gotten up and walked over to me… 
“What explanation?” 
“Everything. For example, why did you disappear from Q City all of a sudden?” he asked. She could feel his warm breath on her neck, and it made her shiver. “Also, what’s your relationship with Uncle Finnick?” 
Vivian’s body trembled violently. She turned around abruptly to look into his cold gaze. 
“H-How did you know about…” 
Did he find out about our marriage? Did Finnick tell him about it? 
Vivian panicked all of a sudden. 
Their marriage had been a legitimate union, yet she still felt hesitant to talk to Fabian about it. 
Finnick’s his uncle, and Fabian’s my first love! 
“How did I find out about… What? Your relationship with my uncle?” Fabian scoffed as he closed in on her. “Of course I know! Besides, aren’t you married? Didn’t you know that my uncle is married too?” 
Vivian’s panic turned to confusion the moment she heard that.
What the hell is he trying to say? 
“Talk to me, Vivian William!” Fabian yelled, angered by her stubborn silence. He grabbed her shoulders and shook her violently. “Vivian William! Since when did you become a cheater and a home-wrecker? You’re no longer the Vivian I knew!” 
Everything became crystal clear to Vivian at that moment. 
He doesn’t know about our marriage… In fact, he probably thinks that Finnick’s my sugar daddy! 
Vivian could feel her already stone-cold heart ze over into an ice cube. 
Huh… 
Fabian Norton… What am I to you? Just another one of those sugar babies that climb onto the lap of another daddy once they’ve sucked the previous one dry? 
Vivian could see through him like a glass window, and she could tell that she was nothing more than a prostitute to him. He would never believe her if she said that Finnick took her in as his legitimate wife. 
“Vivian!” Fabian growled. “Answer! My! Question!” 
Vivian raised her eyes slowly to meet his gaze. “Whatever. Suit yourself.” 
With that, she shoved him aside and turned around to leave. 
I understand everything now… 
The man I loved to the moon and back is no longer… 
In fact, it’s been two years since I last saw the old him.
For the next few days, Vivian threw herself into her work to distract herself from the drama between Finnick and Fabian. 
Finnick did not return even after a few days, and neither did he text nor call her. She would return to an empty house every night, feeling lonelier than ever. 
Getting used to things is a scary process… It’s only been a month ever since I got married to him, and I can’t live without him already? 
One morning, Vivian stepped into the office to see several of her female colleagues huddled around a computer. 
“That’s rare,” she said, walking over to them. “Why aren’t you all having your morning tea session in the pantry?” 
“Morning!” Sarah said, cupping her flushed face. “Who needs tea when you have an eye candy to look at?” 
“Eye candy?” 
“Finnick Norton, the president of Finnor Group! The one we interviewed! He’s in M Nation attending some award ceremony, and they’re broadcasting it live right now!” 
Vivian froze. 
Huh… So they’ve found my missing husband? 
Vivian scooted over out of curiosity. “What award ceremony?” 
“The Outstanding Youth Award! Also known as the battle of the wealthy bachelors!” Sarah said before burying her face in her hands. “Unfortunately, I heard that Mr. Norton’s already married…”
Vivian looked at the screen. Sure enough, Finnick was slowly pushing himself onstage as the audience gave him a standing ovation.
###Chapter 29
Chapter 29 
The suit hugged his lean body nicely, outlining the sculptured shape of his figure. Although he was sitting in a wheelchair, no one could ignore the intimidating aura he exuded. 
“Congratulations, Mr. Norton.” The blonde hostess of the award ceremony excitedly passed the crystal trophy to him. 
“Thank you,” rumbled Finnick as he received the trophy. His American accent was impeccable. “I’m very honored to receive this award.” 
When he took the trophy, the hostess’ gaze landed on his finger. She instantly exclaimed in an exaggerated tone, “Oh my God! Mr. Norton, is that a wedding ring?” 
The camera immediately zoomed in to Finnick’s finger. The diamond ring which Vivian bought was displayed on the big screen. 
Vivian’s heart skipped a beat. Sneakily, she hid her finger, which was wearing an identical ring, behind her back. 
On the screen, the hostess continued enthusing over it. “Mr. Norton, so you’re really married. I wonder how many women would be heartbroken. However, Mr. Norton, this ring is really economical, huh?” 
Everyone burst into laughter after hearing what she said. 
Vivian’s face flushed. 
Ugh, Finnick. I already said that the ring doesn’t suit his status, but he insists on wearing it.
Despite everyone’s surprise and laughter, Finnick maintained a calm composure. He glanced down at his finger and smiled. “My wife chose it for me. She’s never an advocate for unnecessary waste.” 
Although his words were simple, it was somehow filled with an affectionate tone. Everyone instantly fell silent. 
Vivian, who was watching him through her computer on the other side of the Earth, felt her heart skip a beat too. 
Although she kept convincing himself that Finnick was just saying that for show, a part of her was starting to be charmed by him. 
He had been wearing the ring all along, no matter how embarrassing it might be. 
Despite the entire world thinking that it’s impossible between us, he still acknowledges me as a part of his life, right? 
Perhaps, Finnick was just being a little mean the previous times. Now, his affirmation managed to console Vivian. 
“Mr. Norton, looks like you really dote on your wife,” said the hostess enviously. 
Despite being a man of such high status, Finnick wore a cheap ring just because his wife was ‘frugal’. This was a greater display of love than if he gave his wife a humongous diamond ring. 
Finnick cracked a small smile at the hostess’ praise and remained silent. 
The award ceremony ended soon. Everyone in front of the computer screen was still immersed in shock.
“Oh my God! Mrs. Norton is so lucky. God knows how many rich men refuse to admit that they’re married! Yet, her husband is willing to wear such a cheap ring out!” A female colleague exclaimed. 
“Forget it.” A male colleague could not help but rebuke jealously, “Perhaps, he’s just too stingy to buy a good ring and is merely using his wife as an excuse.” 
“Pfft… Finnick can buy an entire diamond mine if he wants to. It’s impossible that he’ll be unwilling to spend on a diamond ring!” Sarah scoffed. “But, for some reason, Mr. Norton’s ring looks a bit familiar.” 
Immediately afterward, someone replied, “Me too! I think I’ve seen it somewhere.” 
Having a bad feeling, Vivian was about to sneak away when Sarah reacted quicker. She clapped her hands and cried out, “Oh, I remember now! Mr. Norton’s ring has the same design as Vivian’s, right?” 
Vivian cursed under her breath. Under everyone’s gaze, she could only stop in her tracks and turn around. 
At that moment, everyone was eagerly grabbing Vivian’s hand and exclaiming, “They’re really the same! They definitely share the same design!” 
“What’s going on? Vivian, why do you have the same wedding ring as Finnick?”
###Chapter 30
Chapter 30 
As Vivian’s head throbbed, she looked at the curious group of women in front of her. After mulling over it for a while, she had no choice but to explain, “Well, I guess I have to confess now. Actually, I’m Finnick’s wife. That’s why we have the same wedding rings.” 
The room became dead silent. 
No one uttered a single word. 
Soon, everyone suddenly burst into a fit of laughter. 
“Haha! Vivian, you’re so funny! You actually said that you’re Finnick’s wife!” 
Vivian laughed alongside everyone else, but she secretly felt relieved. 
Indeed, instead of denying it, I should just admit it as a joke and evade this topic. 
Still, she still pretended to be unhappy. “Why are you laughing? Why aren’t you believing me? Am I really that bad?” 
“Vivian, of course, you’re not bad.” Sarah was laughing so hard that she had already teared up. “But he’s Finnick Norton! He’s like someone from another world. There’s no way that he’ll be involved with people like us.” 
Vivian chuckled softly. 
Yeah. 
Logically speaking, Finnick and I are like people from different worlds. Our relationship only became so intimate because of an unexpected turn of events—just like how the ring looks so out of place on
Norton’s finger. 
Yet, he still wears it. 
Upon that thought, Vivian’s mood improved. Flicking Sarah’s forehead with her fingers, she said, “That’s enough. Go and do your work now!” 
“We’ve already revised the draft. All that’s left to do is for it to be printed. We have nothing to do now anyway.” 
Indeed, there was nothing much to do today. Hence, after Vivian sat down, she scrolled through Twitter out of boredom. 
However, once she went into Twitter, she spotted ‘Finnick Norton’s Wedding Ring’ at the top of the trending list. 
What the heck? How can this piece of news even enter the trending list? People’s yearning for gossip is really too strong. 
Curious, Vivian clicked on the search and saw a bunch of posts made by excited fangirls. 
Mr. Norton is really the best man in the world! I don’t like any other men now. He’s my only love! 
Who’s Mrs. Norton? Appear right now and let’s have a showdown! 
I just want to say that the wedding ring’s design is XXX. I bought it too! Hahaha! Your ring has the same design as Mr. Norton’s. I have a feeling that it’ll become extremely popular. 
Amused, Vivian read the fangirls’ posts. However, when her gaze landed on a certain post, she was stunned.
Mr. Norton is so in love right now. However, while everyone rejoices over his current wife, his ex- girlfriend despairs. I wonder how she’ll feel if she witnesses this from Heaven? 
Ex-girlfriend? In Heaven? 
Vivian immediately wanted to click on the account and see who posted it. However, when she clicked on it, the person had already deleted the post. 
Feeling puzzled, she barely had time to mull over it before her phone buzzed. 
It was a WhatsApp message from Finnick. 
Stunned, Vivian clicked on it immediately. 
[I’m coming home at six in the evening today. Let’s eat dinner together.] 
Vivian could not even explain why her lips unknowingly curved into a grin when she read Finnick’s message. 
She even forgot the awkwardness between them before Finnick left. Now, all she could feel a sense of anticipation. She no longer needed to return to an empty house anymore. 
After making it till dismissal time, Vivian left work on the dot and hailed a cab. 
When she returned to the villa and entered, she saw a familiar figure sitting in a wheelchair. 
She suddenly felt like she had found the missing puzzle in her daily life. 
“Finnick.” After taking off her shoes, she walked into the living room and called out to him. Finnick turned around.
His face was as handsome as before. Although she had already seen him on the computer screen this morning, now that she was looking right at him, she suddenly felt like everything was a dream. 
On the other hand, when Finnick saw Vivian, he felt extremely relieved, as if a burden had been lifted off his shoulders. 
When she did not reply to his WhatsApp message, he thought that she was unwilling to eat dinner with him because of what happened that night. 
“You’re home.” Although Finnick felt relieved, he still maintained a nonchalant expression on his face. “Molly has already prepared dinner. Let’s go and eat.” 
Although she looked forward to meeting Finnick, when she finally saw him, the unhappy incident that happened before he left suddenly surfaced in her mind. Feeling awkward, she merely mumbled an acknowledgement before following Finnick to the dining room. 
Molly and Liam were tactful people. Knowing that Finnick and Vivian had not met for days, they left immediately after serving the dishes.
###Chapter 31
Chapter 31 
In the dining room, it was completely silent except for the clanging of Vivian and Finnick’s cutleries. 
“Um…” Unable to bear such an awkward silence, Vivian took the initiative to speak, “About that night…” 
“I’m sorry.” 
While Vivian was still hesitating on how to bring it up, Finnick unexpectedly interrupted her. 
“What?” Vivian was still stunned. 
Is Finnick apologizing to me? 
“I was too rash that night,” said Finnick softly. By then, Finnick had already finished his meal. He elegantly lifted the napkin and wiped his mouth. 
“I was at fault too.” Since he had already apologized, Vivian naturally had to be gracious about it too. “It was rude of me to leave the family dinner. When I’m , I’ll apologize to your grandpa.” 
With regards to that night, Vivian had been thinking about it recently. 
It was indeed an act of discourtesy to leave the dinner just like that, especially in front of Finnick’s grandpa. It was very unbecoming of her. 
As for Fabian, although it made her slightly uneasy that Finnick investigated her background, Finnick was right too. It was impossible for him to marry a woman with an unknown past. 
As for what happened afterward…
When Vivian recalled that night, the images of Finnick’s muscular body and masculine scent caused her to blush. 
Vivian knew about what men and women did in bed. Since she was legally married to Finnick, she had the obligation to do it with him too. 
However, she just could not bring herself to do it. Due to her reluctance, Finnick did not continue either. Hence, there was nothing for her to be angry over. 
After hearing Vivian’s apology, Finnick pursed his lips. Not wanting to dwell on this topic anymore, he asked, “Vivian, is there nothing that you want to ask me?” 
Stunned, Vivian suddenly remembered something. 
Indeed, other than the unhappy incident that happened between her and Finnick a few days ago, many events also took place. 
Gazing at Finnick, Vivian’s mind was full of queries. Not knowing how to bring them up, she could only utter, “Your leg?” 
That night, she personally witnessed Finnick standing up before her. Evidently, he was not crippled. 
“Just like what you saw.” Finnick did not seem surprised to hear Vivian’s question. “My legs aren’t crippled.” 
“Then, why…” 
“There are many reasons for it.” Finnick gave a vague reply. “But remember, you must not tell anyone about this.” 
Vivian’s heart skipped a beat.
Naturally, she understood that Finnick had his own reasons for faking this. Although she did not know the details about it, she would certainly keep her lips sealed since Finnick told her to keep it a secret. Hence, she nodded. 
Finnick glanced at Vivian, satisfied with her thoughtfulness. Suddenly, he recalled something and a dangerous glint flashed across his eyes. He asked in a deep voice, “Other than that, is there anything else that you’d like to ask me?” 
He paused before adding, “Or rather, is there anything that you’d like to tell me?” 
Vivian’s body shuddered and her face paled. 
“You know about what happened two years ago, right?” 
If Finnick really did investigate her background, it was impossible for him to be unaware of the incident two years ago. 
Looking at Vivian’s ashen face, he replied, “Vaguely.” 
Although he knew about what happened two years ago, it was the version that most people talked about. He never conducted a thorough investigation to find out the truth. 
Initially, it was because he did not care. Now, it was because he hoped that Vivian would tell him herself. 
The color drained from Vivian’s cheeks. Forcing a smile, she said, “Since you know about it, why did you still marry me?” 
“At first, it was because I didn’t mind at all.” Finnick stared straight into Vivian’s eyes, looking like he had no intention to hide anything. “I just needed a wife in name. A gold-digger would be easy for me to
manipulate.” 
Hearing Finnick’s brutally honest response, Vivian could not help but smile bitterly. 
So, right from the start, he had always thought that I was a woman who would sell my body for money? 
For some reason, when this thought surfaced in her mind, she felt extremely despondent. 
“However.” Just when Vivian was biting on her lip, she suddenly heard Finnick speak again. “I want to hear you tell me the truth behind what happened.”
###Chapter 32
Chapter 32 
Vivian’s body quivered. “The truth?” 
Finnick nodded. 
With a trembling voice, Vivian asked, “You don’t think that the version you’ve found out is the truth?” 
Vivian gazed straight into Finnick’s dark eyes as if she were seeking something in his unreadable gaze. 
Finnick also met her gaze. After a while, he said slowly, “I don’t think that you’re a woman who will betray your body for money.” 
I don’t think that you’re a woman who’ll betray your body for money. 
Those simple words were like a magical spell, causing Vivian to ze in shock. 
Observing Vivian’s reaction, Finnick thought that her dazed look was quite adorable. A smile played on his lips. “What’s wrong?” 
Only then did Vivian realize her embarrassing reaction. Averting her gaze quickly, she said, “It’s nothing. I’m just a bit surprised.” 
As he stared at her, his voice became a few notches deeper. “So? Are you willing to tell me, Vivian?” 
When she recalled what happened that year, Vivian’s face paled. 
Noticing her ashen face and trembling eyebrows, Finnick’s heart suddenly ached. He said, “If you don’t want to, it’s okay.”
“No, I want to tell you.” Vivian took a deep breath, raised her head and stared at him with bright eyes. “Two years ago, I attended a banquet at the company I was interning at. For some reason, I became drunk after just one glass of champagne. Someone then brought me to a hotel room and… And…” 
When she reached that point, she could not utter a single word. 
Noticing her reaction, Finnick’s gaze turned solemn. “What happened?” 
A stern tone crept into Finnick’s voice. Seeing how Vivian still kept her silence, he repeated seriously, “Vivian, you must learn how to face it.” 
Vivian’s body shuddered. Biting her lip, she managed to finish her story. “Someone spiked the champagne. That was how an old man who was over sixty years old took my virginity.” 
After saying that, Vivian slumped on the sofa as if all the strength had left her body. 
Looking at her ashen face, Finnick could not bear it anymore. He stood up from his wheelchair, sat down beside her and gently pulled her into his arms. 
“It’s alright now.” His deep voice had its way of calming others down. “It’s all in the past. If you want to cry, just cry.” 
When Vivian leaned against his warm and broad shoulders, she felt like her soul had left her. Instead of crying, she merely shook her head blankly. “There’s nothing to cry about. It’s all in the past.” 
However, Vivian’s reaction caused Finnick’s heart to ache even more than if she had burst into tears. Gazing at her pale face, he could not help but ask, “How do you know that he was an old man who was over sixty years old?”
Vivian’s eyelashes fluttered. “As I was drugged, I don’t really remember what happened that night, not even the man. When I woke up, he was already gone. There was ten thousand in cash left on the bedside table. I asked the concierge and they told me that the man who stayed there for the night was an old man who was over sixty years old. That wasn’t the end yet. Someone then reported me to the school, accusing me of giving out sexual favors.” 
The scenes of having insults hurled at her by everyone returned to her. Even now, she still did not dare to meet her college classmates as they would all scold her for being shameless. 
Vivian thought that she would not have any courage to talk about this incident again. However, for some reason, she had the strength to narrate everything when she was snugly in Finnick’s arms. 
Listening to Vivian’s words, a hostile look crept into Finnick’s eyes. He asked in a deep voice, “Which hotel was it?”
###Chapter 33
Chapter 33 
“Century Hotel,” replied Vivian instinctively. However, she immediately looked at Finnick in surprise. “Why did you ask that?” 
“Nothing.” Finnick’s expression was calm. “Have you never wondered who sabotaged you?” 
First, her drink was spiked. Then, she was sent to the hotel room, while the scandal was reported to the school. It was evident that someone had deliberately sabotaged her. 
“I don’t know either. I tried investigating too, but I didn’t discover anything,” said Vivian. Suddenly, she realized something and stared at Finnick. “Finnick, do you truly believe what I say?” 
Finnick turned to the side to look at her. When he saw that she was leaning against his shoulder and looking dependent on him, his mood inexplicably improved. He replied in a deep voice, “You’re my wife. Why wouldn’t I believe you?” 
He said those simple words so matter-of-factly. Yet, it struck Vivian like a sledgehammer. 
He believes me. 
Despite having spent so many years with Fabian, he had never believed her. Yet, Finnick did. 
“So?” Vivian’s voice trembled. “Are you disgusted by me?” 
This incident that happened two years ago was like a thorn in Vivian’s heart. In the past, she had wallowed in despair, thinking that she would never marry. 
“No.” Finnick frowned. “This isn’t your fault, so why should you blame yourself?” 
Instead, you should let the true culprit pay the price.
However, Finnick did not say that. He merely made a silent decision. 
After Vivian relayed the entire incident to him, she was so exhausted that she went to sleep. 
With Finnick staying by her side for the entire night, Vivian fell asleep faster than usual. 
In her sleep, she was still furrowing her pretty brows. Standing beside the bed, Finnick could not help but smoothen her brows out. 
As he listened to Vivian’s steady breathing, he whipped out his phone and called Noah. 
“Hello, Noah.” He lowered his volume, afraid of waking Vivian up. “Help me thoroughly investigate what happened to Vivian two years ago.” 
After he hung up, he mulled over what Vivian told him. Suddenly, he frowned. 
Century Hotel? 
Why does the hotel sound so familiar? 
The next morning, Vivian was eating breakfast with Finnick in the dining room. Glancing at her, he suddenly asked, “How was your sleep yesterday?” 
“Not bad.” Vivian raised her head. “Why are you asking this?” 
“I’m afraid that you’ll not have a good sleep with me beside you.” Finnick sipped his coffee calmly. “If you want, I can move to the guest room.” 
Vivian was slightly taken aback. Then, she realized that Finnick was referring to that particular night. Blushing, she said, “Since we’re married, we should sleep in the same room.” 
Finnick shot a glance at Vivian. “So, you’re not mad at me for what I did that night?”
He still remembered how terrified Vivian was when he approached her that night. Her resistance made him very uncomfortable. 
Looking at Finnick embarrassedly, she said, “I don’t blame you. What you did was reasonable, anyway.” 
“Reasonable?” Finnick suddenly raised his eyebrow. “Why?” 
“Huh?” Not expecting Finnick to persistently ask her, she became more embarrassed. However, under Finnick’s intense gaze, she steeled herself and answered, “It’s because I made you feel humiliated that night. There’s also the matter about Fabian… It’s normal that you’ll get angry. After all, I’m your wife.” 
Finnick was even more surprised. 
Although Vivian’s answer was vague, he still understood what she meant. 
So Vivian thinks that I did that to her because of my possessiveness? 
Finnick could not help but chuckle. 
“Why? What’s so funny?” asked Vivian embarrassedly, thinking that she had said something wrong. 
Finnick gazed at her thoughtfully. 
He was never a man who cared to deny things. Both his concern for Vivian and the jealousy he felt when he learned about Fabian led him to a realization.
###Chapter 34
Chapter 34 
He was starting to developing feelings for this wife, whom he had married on a whim. 
For so many years, he thought that he would never fall in love with anyone again. However, the fated woman appeared just like that. 
Fortunately, that woman was his wife. 
Unfortunately, she was so obtuse that she had not noticed it yet. 
Should I directly tell her my feelings and conquer her, or should I slowly make her fall for me? 
Finnick smiled bitterly. 
It’s been too long since I’ve liked a woman. Now, I even feel like Vivian is even harder to deal with than those business deals worth billions. 
I should just take things slow. 
Finnick stared at Vivian with a faint smile playing on his lips. “Think about it that way, then.” 
Puzzled over what Finnick meant, Vivian could only nod blankly. 
Looking at her dazed look, Finnick’s grin widened as he asked, “Are you tomorrow? A friend of mine is visiting us for a meal.” 
“A friend?” Vivian was stunned. 
“Yeah.” Finnick nodded. “What’s wrong? Even if you’re unwilling to meet my family, you can’t possibly refuse to meet my friend too, right?”
Vivian chuckled embarrassedly. “Stop teasing me. I’m tomorrow.” 
The next day, Vivian and Molly spent the entire morning in the kitchen. The guest finally turned up at noon. 
“Hey, Finnick! Your house looks much more homely after marrying a wife.” 
Before the person appeared, his voice rang out first. His tone was arrogant and proud. 
Vivian briskly walked into the living room just to see a man, who was wearing a pink shirt, enter. 
He was around the same age as Vivian. Although he was quite handsome, he did not share Finnick’s calm composure. Undoubtedly, he was a flamboyant man. 
“Hi, Vivian. My sister-in-law, huh?” When the man spotted Vivian, he quickly headed toward her. He even glared at Finnick, who was sitting in the wheelchair at the side. “Finnick, you rascal. You didn’t even tell me that your wife is so pretty!” 
Still looking calm, Finnick ignored him and merely introduced them to each other. “Xavier, this is Vivian William. Vivian, this is Xavier Jackson.” 
Xavier Jackson? 
Due to her journalism background, she was quite familiar with this name. After thinking for a while, she suddenly recalled. “Oh! Xavier Jackson from the Jackson family?” 
There were three major families in Sunshine City. 
The most powerful was the Norton family, who ran the largest conglomerate. Next up was the Jackson family who was very influential in the entertainment industry. Lastly, there was the Morrison family, who was starting to go into a decline in these recent years.
Xavier Jackson was the only son and heir of the Jackson family. 
“Hello.” Vivian was a little nervous, but she still smiled politely. “I’m Vivian.” 
“My pleasure to finally meet you.” Xavier had a pair of charming eyes. Holding Vivian’s hand like a gentleman, he raised it to his lips, preparing to kiss it. 
However, Finnick suddenly raised his hand and snatched Vivian’s hand away. 
“Don’t touch her,” snapped Finnick expressionlessly. 
Stunned, Xavier’s eyes lit up. 
Oh my! Is Finnick being jealous right now? This is getting interesting. 
Feeling intrigued, Xavier smirked. He clung onto Vivian and whispered mysteriously, “Vivian, Finnick is so thick sometimes. Don’t worry about it. If you’re bored, come and chat with me. I’m a much more interesting person than him.” 
Shuddering, Vivian laughed awkwardly. “Xavier, you jest.” 
Finnick’s expression was completely dark now. He grabbed Vivian’s hand and walked toward the dining room. 
After preparing the dishes, Molly and Liam went out due to family commitments. Only Vivian, Finnick and Xavier were left in the villa. 
Crossing one leg over the other, Xavier demanded, “Hey, why aren’t there any alcohol? Finnick, go get some. There are no outsiders here anyway. Why are you still sitting on that stupid wheelchair?”
Vivian was shocked when she heard him. Finnick stood up from the wheelchair, poured a bowl of soup and passed it to her. He said in a nonchalant tone, “Drink this.” 
Then, he turned and headed to the cellar. 
Only then did Vivian realize how close Xavier was to Finnick. He even told Xavier that he was not actually crippled. 
Xavier’s eyes followed Finnick as he left. Only then did he turn around and look at Vivian. The playful smirk on his lips was no longer there. 
“Thank you, Vivian.” 
Vivian felt uneasy by his sudden formal attitude. “Why are you thanking me?” 
“Thank you for marrying Finnick.” Xavier leaned against the chair and grinned. This time, it was a genuine smile. “You’re the second person who knows the truth about Finnick’s legs. This proves that he really trusts you.”
###Chapter 35
Chapter 35 
When Vivian recalled why Finnick suddenly stood up that night, she blushed. Yet, she said with a smile, “A couple should trust each other.” 
Xavier’s eyes sparkled as he looked at Vivian. He asked, “Vivian, did Finnick ever tell you why he pretends to be crippled?” 
Taken aback, Vivian shook her head. 
Finnick had said that it was better if she remained oblivious to certain things. Hence, she never pestered him for the answer. 
“Ten years ago, a car accident happened to Finnick.” On the other hand, Xavier did not seem to have any reservations and told her outright. “Everyone thought that Finnick became crippled due to that accident. In reality, he only got injured and was fully healed after going to A Nation.” 
Vivian searched her memories. She seemed to have read about his car accident in the news. 
Back then, at barely 20 years old, Finnick had just started college. However, someone kidnapped him and demanded an exorbitant ransom. This created a huge commotion then as the news dominated the headlines for a long time. 
According to the news, after the kidnappers received the ransom, they wanted to leave with the second son of the Norton family as their hostage. Unexpectedly, they got into a car accident mid-way. The kidnappers died on the spot, while the son of the Norton family got severely injured. 
However, as most of the details were strictly withheld from the public, no one knew that his legs were injured. They only knew that he flew to A Nation for his medical treatment and he became really weak after the incident.
“I’ve heard about it vaguely,” muttered Vivian. “So, after being healed at A Nation, he still pretends to be crippled?” 
“Yes.” Xavier tilted his head to the side. “But can you guess why?” 
Vivian was amused. 
Xavier is completely different from Finnick. With a personality like that, he’s probably very popular with the ladies, right? 
“I have to guess?” Vivian pretended to contemplate it. “Does he want the Norton family to drop their guard against him?” 
Actually, Vivian had wondered why Finnick pretended to be crippled. Hence, she had her own guesses already. 
After all, she worked in the journalism industry. Although she was not so knowledgeable about these elite families, she was not completely clueless either. She could guess that the Norton family had a role to play in why Finnick went to such lengths to fake his condition. 
She had not seen Mark, Finnick’s older brother and Fabian’s father, before. However, the rumors said that Mark was an extremely ambitious and ruthless man. Now that the elder Mr. Norton was getting old, Mark was the one running the family business. 
On the other hand, Finnick went down a completely different route that had nothing to do with the Norton family. He started a business on his own probably to avoid a conflict with his older brother. 
Hence, Vivian wondered if Finnick pretended to be crippled because he was wary about Mark. 
This was just Vivian’s wild guess. However, after listening to her explanation, a hint of admiration crept into Xavier’s eyes as he gazed at her. “Not bad, Vivian. You’re quite smart.”
Vivian chuckled embarrassedly. “I watch too many soap operas.” 
Xavier stifled a laugh. “Actually, the Norton family’s business is very huge. So the family drama is probably as complex as those soap operas. Anyway, although Finnick is a successful man now, he has led a tough life.” 
Vivian was momentarily stunned before she returned to her senses and nodded. 
For ten years, he had to sit in a wheelchair despite being perfectly fine. He even had to guard against his own family. It must have been a tough feat. 
“So,” continued Xavier. This time, his smile had faded and a serious expression took its place. “Vivian, you must make him happy.” 
Shocked, Vivian did not expect Xavier to suddenly say this. 
Make him happy? 
But what happiness can I give him? 
Before Vivian could reply, she suddenly heard the sound of steady footsteps approaching them. A cold voice rang out, “What are both of you talking about?”
###Chapter 36
Chapter 36 
Vivian turned around and saw that Finnick had returned. 
Finnick was standing there. His figure was lean and his legs were long and slender. His light blue shirt outlined his perfectly sculpted body. 
A solemn look flashed across Vivian’s eyes. 
He’s such an exceptional man, but he’s forced to sit in a wheelchair. How does that even feel like? 
“I’m telling Vivian that I’ve fallen in love with her at first sight and is planning to steal her away from you.” The moment Xavier saw Finnick, a frivolous smile appeared on his lips again. “Finnick, you know how charming I am. I’ve got so many women fawning over me. You must be careful!” 
“Don’t think that Vivian’s the same as those women around you,” rebuked Finnick calmly. He walked to the dining table and opened the bottle of red wine. “She won’t ever like you.” 
“Hmph! How confident!” Xavier snorted in disdain. 
With the lively Xavier around, there was not a single moment of boredom during the meal. Vivian was laughing from start to finish because of him. Only after they finished dessert did Xavier wipe his mouth and reluctantly stand up. 
“Alright, Vivian. I have a date today, so I won’t disturb you and Finnick anymore. I’ll visit you again.” 
Vivian stood up with Finnick to send Xavier off. They only returned to the dining room after Xavier’s ostentatiously red sports car sped away. 
Finnick was bringing the plates on the dining table back to the kitchen.
“Let me do it,” offered Vivian immediately, wanting to take the plates away from Finnick’s hands. However, he raised his hand and stopped her. 
“I can do simple things like this,” replied Finnick in a deep voice. 
Left with no choice, Vivian could only clear the table with him. 
As Finnick placed the plates in the dishwasher, he abruptly asked, “What did Xavier tell you just now?” 
Vivian was taken aback. However, she still replied honestly, “He told me why you’re pretending to be crippled.” 
“I see.” Finnick nodded, not surprised at all. 
Vivian expected it too. Since Finnick and Xavier shared so many years of friendship, Finnick definitely could guess what Xavier told her. 
“Do you blame me?” Finnick suddenly asked again as he shot a brooding glance at Vivian. 
Surprised, Vivian didn’t understand what he meant. “Blame you for what?” 
“I should be the one telling all these things to you,” mumbled Finnick as he placed the last plate into the dishwasher. 
Vivian burst out laughing. “There’s no difference. Without your permission, Xavier wouldn’t have dared to tell it to me, right?” 
Finnick could not help but steal another glance at her. 
Although she’s never nosy, she’s actually very observant. 
This is the woman I chose!
“Yeah.” Vivian and Finnick walked out of the kitchen, hand in hand. “Xavier’s better at talking than me.” 
In other words, he was saying that Xavier could probably explain it clearer than he could. 
“As for the specific reason…” Finnick hesitated for a while before adding, “I still can’t tell you. The more you know, the more danger you’ll be in. I hope that you’ll understand.” 
Vivian nodded. “I know. You’re trying to protect me.” 
Vivian uttered those words very softly and light-heartedly. Yet, when Finnick heard her, he felt a flutter in his heart. He unknowingly tightened his grip on Vivian’s soft hand. 
Sensing Finnick’s grip on her hand, Vivian started to blush. She was about to say something when her phone in the living room rang. 
“Um… I’ll go pick up the call.” With her head lowered, Vivian mumbled, withdrew her hand and walked to the living room. 
When she grabbed the phone on the table and saw the incoming call, her brows furrowed. 
She accepted the call and asked expressionlessly, “Ashley, why are you calling me?” 
Ashley and Vivian shared the same father, but different mothers. Although they were related by blood, they grew up in completely different environments and barely saw each other. Hence, there was no sisterly bond between them. 
Especially after what happened with Fabian, Vivian felt like there was no need for them to feign friendliness with each other anymore. Hence, she did not know why Ashley called her. 
“Vivian.” Ashley’s sickeningly sweet voice sounded on the phone. “You seem unhappy to receive my call.”
“There’s nothing to be happy about.” Vivian could not be bothered to keep up the act with her. With an impatient tone, she snapped, “Cut the crap. What do you want?” 
“Of course I’m calling you to report good news,” said Ashley in a cutesy voice. “I heard that Ms. William’s condition is improving, right?”
###Chapter 37
Chapter 37 
Vivian’s heart sank. 
Why does she have such detailed information about my Mom? 
“What about it?” Her voice became colder. 
“Don’t be like this, darling sister. After all, I’m very concerned about Ms. William too.” Ashley’s friendly tone was as fake as ever. “Hence, when I heard that Ms. William’s hospital fees are going to increase, I was worried sick. I keep thinking about how I can help you.” 
Ashley wants to help me? 
Vivian coldly scoffed, “How do you want to help me?” 
“I know a friend who runs a magazine company. They’re in need of manpower now. Also, they have really attractive employee benefits.” Ashley finally revealed her ive in calling Vivian. “Since you’re so talented, you’ll definitely be treated better if you join her company instead.” 
Vivian finally understood. 
After beating around the bush, Ashley simply wanted her out of Glamour Magazine. 
The reason was obvious—it was because of Fabian. 
Having figured out Ashley’s intentions, Vivian could not help but mock, “Ashley, are you so concerned about me and Fabian?” 
Vivian’s words were so brutally straightforward that Ashley paled.
Biting her rosy lip, she still replied in a sweet voice, “What are you talking about, Vivian? Why should I be worried about you? You’re just a married woman who has sold her body for money.” 
Vivian’s face stiffened. 
She’s saying such cruel and harsh words in such a disgustingly sweet tone. This is totally like Ashley. 
Vivian’s voice turned frosty. “Ashley, regardless of what your intentions in introducing this job to me are, I will not accept the job.” 
She understood Ashley all too well. If she actually joined the new magazine company, she would not be treated well at all. In fact, she would fall right into Ashley’s grasp and be tormented by her. 
Upon hearing Vivian’s firm rejection, Ashley started to feel humiliated. A hint of fury finally crept into her voice as she yelled, “Vivian! You ungrateful and rude b*tch!” 
“Oh my! Your embarrassment has morphed into anger so quickly!” scoffed Vivian. “Don’t worry. I’m not interested in Fabian at all, so you don’t need to be so paranoid.” 
Ashley was so furious that she wanted to scream out loud! 
What do you mean you’re not interested? 
Vivian, you b*tch! You’re very skilled at playing hard to get, huh? 
“Vivian!” Now that things had come to this, Ashley could not be bothered to put on an act anymore. “I’m warning you. Leave the magazine company! Otherwise, I’ll teach you a lesson!” 
Vivian scoffed in contempt. “Teach me a lesson? Ashley, what can you even do to me?” 
What can I do to you?
On the other side, Ashley’s lips suddenly curved into a ruthless smirk. “I can make you suffer so badly that you wish for death.” 
Ashley’s voice was extremely sweet, yet there was a vicious note in it. Vivian could not help but feel a chill run down her spine. 
However, she impatiently snapped, “Do what you want! Anyway, I need my job. Also, I am completely uninterested in your fiancé!” 
With that, she hung up the call, not wanting to entertain Ashley anymore. 
When Ashley heard the busy tone on the phone, her pretty face twisted in fury. 
Vivian! 
I gave you a chance to save yourself! Since it’s your fault for not taking it, don’t blame me for this. 
Ashley quickly picked up her phone and dialed a number. 
“Hi, it’s me.” Ashley’s voice was laced with menace. “Send all the photos. Yes, send them to Fabian. Be careful. Don’t let anyone find out where they’re sent from.”
###Chapter 38
Chapter 38 
After hanging up the call, Ashley was still fuming as she painted her nails red. In her anger, she jammed the brush against her nail. 
Even till now, she could still remember the first time she met Fabian. 
Fabian always assumed that their first encounter was during the banquet half a year ago. Yet, he was oblivious to the fact that she had already met him three years ago. 
It was at Z College. Back then, she and her friends had visited H City for fun. Her father instructed her to bring some things for Vivian. Although she was reluctant to do so, she still obeyed him as she needed to seem like an obedient daughter. 
It was then that she coincidentally saw Vivian together with Fabian. 
She could recall clearly that it was a beautiful, sunny day. Fabian was riding a bicycle, while Vivian sat behind him. He was wearing a white blouse, looking like a prince who had come straight out of the fairy tales. 
The moment she laid eyes on him, she was attracted by him. 
Although that encounter was brief, and both Vivian and Fabian probably had no impression of it, but that was deeply engraved in her mind. 
After returning home, she specially hired someone to investigate her sister’s boyfriend. Only then did she get a huge shock. 
Surprisingly, Vivian’s boyfriend, whom she described as a poor student relying on financial aid to attend college, was actually the grandson of the Norton family!
After discovering this, Ashley was over the moon! 
She knew that with her taste in men, it was impossible for her to fall in love with a poor bloke. Certainly, the person she liked must be an extraordinary man! 
From then on, she was determined to marry Fabian and no one else. 
Unfortunately, Fabian only had eyes for Vivian. 
She still recalled the occasional times Vivian visited the Millers. When she received Fabian’s call, there was always this sickeningly blissful expression on her face. 
Similarly, she had also snuck to Z College to steal a glimpse of Fabian. She could never forget Fabian’s affectionate face whenever he looked at Vivian. 
Indeed, she must admit that she was overcome by jealousy. 
She was actually jealous of Vivian—that crude, unrefined and illegitimate daughter of the Millers! 
Although she despised Vivian since young, it mostly stemmed out of disdain. It was because she never thought that Vivian could compare up to her. 
Yet, never in a million years would she imagine herself being jealous of Vivian. 
This marked the start of her hatred for Vivian. 
Hence, she orchestrated the incident two years ago. Her aim was to force Fabian to never love this dirty, illegitimate daughter again. 
She always thought that she had succeeded. Fabian broke up with Vivian, returned to the Norton family and went abroad to A Nation—just like what someone from a wealthy family should do. As planned, she met him there, started dating him and even got engaged.
Everything was going according to her plan. However, when they returned to Sunshine City, everything changed. 
Fabian actually became Vivian’s direct superior. Was it a coincidence or a deliberate move by Fabian? 
After the few encounters and the business trip, she was truly afraid. 
Hence, she had no choice but to unleash her trump card. 
Vivian, I’ll make it impossible for you to ever be with Fabian! 
Monday arrived. After Vivian woke up and was prepared to go downstairs for breakfast, she received an unexpected call from the hospital. 
“What?” Vivian stopped in the middle of the staircase. “Ten thousand? Do you need it urgently? No, it’s not that I can’t afford it. Just prescribe the medicine. I’ll go retrieve the money today.” 
Vivian hung up the call and sighed. 
After her mom’s health condition improved, she started to take imported medicine. Most of them were not covered by insurance, so Vivian was struggling to afford them. 
However, as it concerned her mom’s life, she had no choice but to steel herself and call the Human Resource Department. 
“I’m sorry, but I’ll need to collect my salary in advance.” Even Vivian felt embarrassed at her request. “But my mother… Okay, I understand. I’ll wait for your update.” 
After hanging up the call, Vivian sighed again before heading to the dining room. 
Finnick was eating porridge there. When he spotted Vivian, he asked calmly, “What’s wrong?”
###Chapter 39
Chapter 39 
Vivian guessed that he probably saw her calling at the staircase. However, as she could not think of an explanation on the spot, she merely replied, “Well, it’s just some stuff at work. It’s not anything important.” 
Vivian was not deliberately trying to conceal her mother’s condition from Finnick. It was because she really did not know how to bring it up. 
If she said that her mother was severely ill and she was in dire need of money for her treatment, it would sound like she was demanding money from Finnick. 
Although they were married and she was starting to develop some reliance on Finnick, she was still unwilling to reveal her vulnerabilities to others. 
Perhaps, this was a habit she had cultivated since young. Her mother always reminded her that even if everyone mocked her for not having a father and for being an illegitimate child, she must never display any weaknesses. She must never let someone else make a joke out of her. 
When Finnick noticed that Vivian’s gaze flitted, he pondered for a while and decided against asking further. 
Naturally, he knew about her mother’s condition. 
However, he did not plan on taking the initiative to offer her help. As he knew how sensitive and stubborn she was, he was afraid of affecting the fragile trust between them. 
Let’s take it slow. I don’t want to scare her. 
Gazing at Vivian, who was preoccupied with her thoughts, Finnick silently mocked himself.
He never imagined himself, who had always been so decisive during business negotiations, to become so hesitant just because of Vivian. 
“Let’s eat.” In the end, he merely said, “After the meal, I’ll send you to the train station.” 
Vivian nodded, heaving a sigh of relief that Finnick did not insist on sending her to her office. 
Does this mean that he’s starting to think from my perspective? 
Vivian took the train to the magazine company. Before she could sit at her desk, the secretary informed her that Fabian had summoned her. 
Vivian’s heart sank. 
After returning from Q City, Fabian stopped giving her a rough time. Why is he calling for me now? 
With that puzzling thought, she walked towards Fabian’s office. 
“Mr. Norton, how may I help you?” 
“Vivian.” Fabian stared at Vivian coldly and went straight to the point. “I heard that you’re collecting your salary in advance for this month again?” 
Vivian’s heart sank. “Yes, I need money.” 
“You need money?” Fabian scoffed coldly. “What for?” 
Vivian could feel her fingertips trembling. Her voice turned frostily as well as she rebuked, “That’s the Finance Department’s business. As the Chief Editor, aren’t you being excessively concerned?” 
“Why? Is it for something shady?” When Fabian saw that Vivian was avoiding the question, his mocking tone intensified.
Vivian shot a glare at him. She took a deep breath and smirked. “I want to buy a bag that’s just been released. It’s a limited edition. If I don’t collect my salary in advance, I won’t be able to snatch it in time.” 
Since Fabian already thinks that I’m a gold-digger, I’ll just let it be. 
Anyway, I don’t care anymore. 
When Fabian heard her nonchalant tone, he could not help but clench his fists. Smirking coldly, he scoffed, “Huh? It’s just a bag. Those men refused to buy it for you?” 
Those men? 
Vivian thought that she had already become immune to all these attacks. Even though Fabian insulted her like that, she didn’t feel a thing at all. 
“Vivian, why aren’t you saying anything?” Fabian abruptly stood up and raised his voice. “I’m asking you a question. What about those men? Or did they dump you after getting what they want from you?” 
Frowning, Vivian was starting to lose her cool. 
Is Fabian nuts? Why is he acting up again? 
“Mr. Norton, if I can’t collect my salary in advance, forget it.” Vivian had lost her patience. “If there’s nothing else, I’ll take my leave now.” 
Vivian was about to leave when Fabian suddenly strode forward and flung something directly on her face. 
“Vivian, can you explain to me what these are?”
###Chapter 40
Chapter 40 
Stunned, Vivian lowered her head to take a closer look at what he just threw at her. Suddenly, all the color drained from her cheeks as her body shivered uncontrollably. 
They were photos. The images was blurry and unfocused, so it was evident that they had been taken in secret. However, the person in the photos was clearly recognizable. 
It was none other than herself! 
She was lying on the bed with her clothes disheveled and her cheeks flushed. 
Although the photos were blurry, it was evident what she was doing. 
Vivian’s mind went blank. 
She quickly recognized when the photos were taken—two years ago. 
“Where did you get these photos from?” Clutching the photos, Vivian glared at Fabian and demanded in a sharp voice. 
What happened two years ago was a nightmare to Vivian. However, after all this time, she was starting to put her past behind her. 
Never in a million years did she imagine that someone actually snapped photos of her! With that, the horrible incident would become an irremovable taint that would stay with her forever in her life. 
“What’s wrong, Vivian? Are you scared?” Staring at Vivian’s ashen face, Fabian could not help but scoff coldly. “If you’re scared now, why did you even do such dirty things back then?” 
Vivian’s emotions were getting out of control. Fabian’s mockery only made her feel frustrated.
“Fabian, I have nothing to do with you! Stop poking your nose into my business!” Vivian’s voice was extremely cold. “Just tell me where you got those photos. Who took them? Who gave them to you?” 
When Fabian saw how pale Vivian was, his heart could not help but ache. However, when his gaze landed on those revealing pictures, his fury rose again. 
“Don’t you know very well who took them? Why are you asking me instead?” Fabian looked at Vivian mockingly, his eyes filled with disdain. “Or did you mess around with so many different guys that you can’t even remember when is this from, or which man took these photos?” 
Vivian’s body shuddered uncontrollably. 
Evidently, Fabian could not tell that this was a photo from two years ago. 
Indeed, Vivian always had long hair for these two years. It was hard to see any difference. 
Hence, due to the deep misunderstanding he already harbored of Vivian, he naturally assumed that those photos had been recently taken by some random man. 
Vivian bit her lips. Knowing that she would not be able to get any information from this madman, she turned around and left, not wanting to talk to him anymore. 
“Vivian, stop right there!” 
Fabian’s furious voice sounded behind Vivian. However, she dashed out of the office without looking back. 
After leaving the office, Vivian ignored everyone’s curious stares and ran straight to the toilet. 
She closed the cubicle door, slumped on the toilet seat and panted heavily. 
Photos?
Those photos? 
Who took those photos and sent them to Fabian? Is it the person who sabotaged me that year? 
What is the culprit’s ive? It’s already been two years. Is the person still not satisfied after ruining my reputation? Is that why he or she revealed these photos now? 
While Vivian was on the verge of breaking down, Fabian was not exactly feeling happy either. 
He sat on the sofa furiously and tugged on his tie which was suffocating him. 
He still remembered receiving a picture of Vivian on the bed two years ago. It was what forced him to believe that Vivian had really betrayed him. 
Two years had passed since then. He expected that he would have given up completely on this shameless woman by now, but when he saw those pictures, he was still overcome with fury! 
Is this a new photo with another man? Who’s the man this time? Finnick? Or someone else? 
Fabian was so frustrated that his chest felt like exploding. He must do something about this, otherwise he might go mad! 
He suddenly grabbed his phone and dialed a number. 
After the person picked it up, Fabian squeezed out a fake smile. 
“Hello, Uncle Finnick. It’s me, Fabian. I haven’t met you after I returned, right? Yeah, you left during the family dinner because you had something on. I’m going to pass by your company today. Why don’t we grab a cup of coffee together?” 
After half an hour, he arrived at the café nearby Finnor Group.
Finnick was sitting on a wheelchair beside the window. When he lowered his head and spotted the envelope on the table, his eyes narrowed. “Fabian, what’s this?” 
Fabian was sitting on the other side of the table. Although he was slightly intimidated by Finnick’s overpowering aura, he said stoically, “I think that you should know about some things, Uncle Finnick.”
###Chapter 41
Chapter 41 
“What’s it about?” Finnick was extremely calm. Not curious about what was in the envelope, he merely threw a question at Fabian. 
Not knowing how to explain, Fabian only gave a vague answer. “I heard that you have a woman now?” 
He intended to say it in a light-hearted manner. In reality, when he first heard about it, he was shocked. 
He knew that Finnick never displayed any interest in women. His father, Mark, even suspected that the car accident ten years ago had not only robbed him of his legs, but also of his ability in bed. 
It was only until Finnick’s marriage that they realized otherwise. What shocked Fabian more was that Finnick was actually involved with Vivian! 
When Finnick heard what Fabian said, he raised his eyebrows. “You’re very knowledgeable about my matters, huh?” 
Although it was just a casual statement, Finnick’s voice lowered considerably. Feeling pressured, Fabian broke out into a cold sweat. 
“It’s a coincidence.” Fabian forced himself to smile. “Previously, my business partner, Mr. Hark, offended your woman. He told me about it afterwards.” 
When Fabian mentioned what happened at Q City, a cold glint flashed across Finnick’s eyes. “So?” 
Finnick already deduced that Fabian met him today to talk about Vivian. 
Although Finnick never deliberately concealed his relationship from Fabian, he seemed to have misunderstood that Vivian was Finnick’s mistress.
“Well…” Fabian was breaking out in cold sweat. However, he steeled himself and pressed on, “That woman is working in my magazine company. Coincidentally, I got my hands on some information on her which I think you ought to know.” 
As he spoke, his gaze landed on the envelope on the table. 
So the envelope contains something related to Vivian. 
After a moment of contemplation, Finnick raised his hand and opened the envelope. 
However, when he saw what was inside the envelope, a murderous glint flashed across Finnick’s eyes. 
Fabian had been observing Finnick’s face and he was not surprised when he captured that slight change in Finnick’s expression. 
Although she’s just Finnick’s mistress, it’s obvious that she’s important to him. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have dealt with Mr. Hark like that. 
Speaking of which, Vivian is such an impressive woman, huh? She made me fall heads over heels for her back then. Now, she can even fool Uncle Finnick, who had no interest in women before. 
But, after I reveal her true colors today, she won’t be able to pretend anymore! 
Fabian was filled with a desire for revenge. However, he was reluctant to admit that actually, he just did not want to see Vivian and Finnick being entangled in a relationship. 
Slam! 
After seeing what was in the envelope, Finnick slammed it onto the table, whirled around and said to the waiter, “Do have a lighter?” 
Fabian was stunned.
A lighter? 
But Uncle Finnick doesn’t smoke at all. 
The waiter quickly passed him a lighter. Before Fabian could react, Finnick flicked the lighter and burned the envelope. 
“Uncle Finnick, what are you doing?” Shocked, Fabian tried to stop him. When he raised his head, his eyes met Finnick’s cold gaze. 
Instantly, he felt shivers run down his spine. 
What a petrifying gaze. 
“Why? Don’t you just want me to take a look at it?” A cold smirk played on Finnick’s lips, while his tone was as frosty as his expression. “Now that I’ve looked at it, there’s no problem if I burn it, right?” 
What a joke. 
Although the photo didn’t capture any sensitive body parts, she’s still my woman. No one can just look at her like that. 
Staring at Finnick, Fabian could not help but swallow his saliva and lower his head. “Nope.” 
With the photo enclosed inside, the envelope burnt into ashes. 
Finnick tossed the lighter aside and leaned against his wheelchair. His cold gaze landed on Fabian as he interrogated, “Tell me, who gave you this photo?” 
Fabian raised his head in surprise. Staring at Finnick, he could barely believe what he just heard. “Uncle Finnick, don’t you want to know who she took the photo with and why such a photo exists?”
Shooting Fabian a brooding look, Finnick replied in a deep voice, “Why must I ask? I know very well what kind of person my woman is.”
###Chapter 42
Chapter 42 
Fabian’s body froze. 
He never expected Finnick to react like this after seeing those pictures. 
Considering Finnick’s personality, Fabian thought that he would definitely fly into a rage and cut off all connections with Vivian. 
However, he looked completely unbothered. 
Or rather, he had complete faith in Vivian’s morals. 
When this thought flashed across Fabian’s mind, he felt very frustrated. 
Why? 
Why does Finnick trust Vivian so much? Isn’t their relationship supposed to be a superficial and brief one? 
Even though I shared such an intimate relationship with Vivian two years ago, I believed that Vivian is a promiscuous woman after seeing those photos. 
Is it because I don’t trust her enough? 
This query emerged in Fabian’s mind but he tried desperately to suppress his frustration. 
No. 
The photos are already there! What kind of misunderstanding can there be?
The only explanation is that Finnick doesn’t even care about Vivian. That’s why he’s unconcerned about what kind of person she is. 
“Fabian, you seem very interested in my woman,” Finnick said, interrupting Fabian’s thoughts. 
Fabian’s body stiffened. 
When he raised his head, he saw Finnick’s cold and calm expression. Fabian suddenly felt like a complete fool for bringing the photos to Finnick. 
Although Finnick was sitting on a wheelchair, he exuded an innately dignified and elegant aura. His presence was so great that no one could tear their eyes away from him. 
Suddenly, Fabian recalled his father’s occasional remarks about his uncle. Even his father, who was a particularly choosy man, said that if Finnick was not crippled, he would not even stand a chance against Finnick. 
Suddenly, Fabian felt very upset. 
In the past, he always thought of himself as an exceptional man. Only now did he realize how unworthy he was in comparison to Finnick. 
Although he did not understand why he compared himself to Finnick, this sudden discovery filled him with frustration. 
Seized with a sudden impulse, he smirked. “Yeah. You might not know this, but we used to be in a relationship when she was still studying.” 
Fabian said it in a light-hearted manner, as if he was deliberately trying to anger Finnick. 
Admittedly, his words fulfilled their purpose.
Finnick silently tightened his grip on the wheelchair handles. However, soon afterward, he scoffed coldly. “Oh, really?” 
Those two words were simple, yet intensely cold. The fury in his voice could send chills down one’s spine. 
Fabian realized that he had gone overboard. With his face turning pale, he said in a gentler tone, “Uncle Finnick, don’t be so bothered by it. She’s just a mere woman. I’m asking all these questions because I’m worried that my aunt might feel upset after knowing about it.” 
Finnick’s wife was also very mysterious. 
Accordingly, Fabian’s grandpa wanted to find Finnick a wife from a wealthy family. Fabian’s father, Mark, was initially worried that such a marriage might accord Finnick with some power. Unexpectedly, Finnick suddenly announced that he got married to an ordinary girl with an average family background. 
Despite having returned for a period of time, Fabian still had not seen the rumored wife of Finnick. 
Finnick merely eyed Fabian, not responding to him at all. 
Realizing that he was being too nosy, an awkward expression crossed his face. In the end, he answered the first question Finnick raised, “I got the photo from an anonymous email.” 
“Anonymous?” repeated Finnick, his tone unreadable. 
Fabian nodded. Still reluctant to give up, he could not help but add, “Uncle Finnick, don’t blame me for being nosy. But Vivian’s an indecent woman. She has a bad reputation in the office too. So you should…”
“Fabian.” Before Fabian could finish his sentence, Finnick interrupted him. A hint of irritation had already crept into his voice. “Aren’t you sticking your nose too much in my business?” 
Only then did Fabian realize that he talked too much. Hence, he glanced down and apologized, “Sorry, Uncle Finnick.” 
“Alright, Fabian. If there’s nothing else, I’ll head back first.” Finnick adjusted his tie and added calmly, “My wife is still waiting for me at home.” 
With that, he left the café without sparing Fabian a second glance. 
Finnick returned to the car. Noah, who was sitting beside the driver’s seat, felt that the car was much colder than usual. 
“Noah.” Finnick suddenly called out, “I asked you to look into that matter the other day, right? How’s it going?”
###Chapter 43
Chapter 43 
Noah was stunned for a while before returning to his senses. “Are you talking about what happened to Ms. William two years ago?” 
“Yes.” 
“Because quite some time has passed since the incident, so it’s taking a while to investigate.” 
“Start the investigation from Fabian. He recently received an email that’s related to the incident.” 
“Okay, got it.” 
Finnick tapped his slender fingers on the wheelchair handle as a thoughtful gaze appeared in his eyes. 
I’ll definitely not spare anyone who dares to mess with my woman. 
Also… 
When Finnick’s gaze landed on Fabian, who was walking out of the café, a cold glint flashed across his eyes. 
From what he heard previously, Fabian had already given up on Vivian and was going to get married soon. 
However, it seemed like Fabian was excessively concerned about his relationship with Vivian. 
Finnick smiled coldly. 
I can’t believe that a day would come when I’d compete with my own nephew. 
Even Vivian did not know how she managed to sluggishly get through this day.
With much difficulty, she survived until dismissal time before she eagerly left the office. 
When she returned home, she was surprised to see Finnick waiting in the living room. The man would usually reach home quite late. 
“Where’s Molly and Liam?” Vivian tried her best to conceal her emotions from Finnick. As she took off her shoes, she walked into the living room. 
“I gave them a day off today.” As there was no one else in the house, Finnick directly stood up from his wheelchair and took the dishes out from the kitchen. “But dinner’s ready, so let’s eat.” 
Rubbing her slightly reddened eyes, Vivian nodded and shuffled to the dining room. 
Throughout dinner, Vivian and Finnick were immersed in their own thoughts. Hence, they did not speak much. 
Finnick finished his meal first. After mulling over it for a while, he asked, “Vivian, have you considered changing a job?” 
Not expecting Finnick to mention this, Vivian was stunned. “Why should I change my job?” 
Finnick gazed at Vivian. “Your workplace is too far from home and the employee benefits are average. You can find a better job.” 
Actually, Vivian knew that regardless of which profession it was, her salary would rise if she jumped ship to another company. If it were not for her Mom, she might have already done that. 
As her Mom’s medical bills were quite high each month, she could not afford to change a job. 
However, as she could not tell that to Finnick, she merely pursed her lips and said, “Never mind. I’m enjoying my work a lot and I can’t bear to leave.”
Finnick gripped his spoon tighter. 
“You can’t bear to leave?” He looked at Vivian with an unreadable expression. 
When Fabian showed him those photos earlier, he looked indifferent on the outside. In reality, however, he was furious. 
Extremely furious. 
It was evident that the photos were taken by a hidden camera. If he was not wrong, they were taken two years ago. 
He knew some details about what happened two years ago and had heard Vivian explain it to him. As he understood that it was not Vivian’s fault, he did not blame her. However, Vivian’s alluring look in the photos enraged him. 
When he thought about how another man had shared such a passionate night with Vivian two years ago, he was overwhelmed with such fury that he had an urge to kill someone. 
To be exact, if it were not for the immense self-control he developed over these few years, he might not even be able to calmly eat dinner with Vivian right now. 
Fabian was also the source for his anger. 
Finnick did not know if Fabian was trying to take revenge for Vivian’s betrayal two years ago or break up his relationship with Vivian. 
Regardless of which one it was, it was still inappropriate for Vivian to work for Fabian anymore. There was a chance a similar incident at Q City might happen again. 
Hence, he suggested for Vivian to change a job. Unexpectedly, she refused without hesitation.
Finnick could not think of any reason why Vivian could not bear to leave the job. 
Is she reluctant to part with Fabian? 
When that possibility crossed his mind, Finnick felt that he was being unbelievably immature. Yet, that thought made his fury rise even further. 
When Finnick remembered those photos, his expression turned frosty. Placing his fork down, he asked, “Are you reluctant to leave Fabian?” 
Vivian’s face paled, not expecting Finnick to say that. 
Does he think that I’m still longing for Fabian, and will cheat on him?
###Chapter 44
Chapter 44 
Although her marriage with Finnick started off on a weird note, Vivian still respected their marriage and would not do anything to betray Finnick. 
However, Finnick sounded like he was suspecting Vivian. This made her feel extremely hurt. 
“What do you mean, Finnick?” Her tone turned cold. “Are you suspecting that there’s something going on between Fabian and I?” 
Vivian had to admit that she was being a little too sensitive now. 
However, she really could not stand it anymore. Fabian’s recent mockery and insults, in addition to the photos from today, was pushing her to the verge of a break down. 
Initially, she thought that Finnick trusted her. Yet, he was treating her like a flirty woman now! 
Finnick did not expect Vivian to react so emotionally. He frowned slightly and reassured her, “That’s not what I meant. Let’s eat.” 
Finnick was trying to end the conversation, but Vivian placed her cutlery down and muttered, “I’m full.” 
With that, she prepared to stand up and leave the dining table. 
However, before she could stand up, Finnick abruptly rose to his feet. He propped his arms on the handles of her chair, trapping her there. 
“You! What are you doing?” When Vivian raised her head in a fluster, she saw the man’s handsome face barely inches away from her.
Finnick’s eyes were dark, his emotions unreadable. As he watched Vivian’s panicked expression, he asked in a deep voice, “Vivian, is there nothing that you want to tell me?” 
He understood his nephew, Fabian’s personality. Fabian was an impulsive man. Hence, after receiving those photos, he would definitely seek Vivian out. 
In addition to how Vivian seemed so distracted throughout the day, Finnick guessed that she had probably seen those photos. 
Yet, she did not say anything about it. 
This infuriated Finnick further. 
Why didn’t she tell me? I’m her husband. Yet, even though she had been wronged, she did not say a single word. She even wants to continue working in that accursed magazine company! 
Finnick did not know why exactly he was so furious. When he gazed at Vivian’s fair face and watery eyes, he just could not suppress his anger. 
“Vivian, I’m asking you a question!” When he saw that Vivian remained silent, Finnick’s anger increased. He pinched her chin and forced her to look into his eyes. 
Finnick’s grip was starting to hurt her. Despite trying to hold her tears back, they still gushed out from her eyes. Glaring at Finnick, she yelled, “Are you crazy, Finnick?” 
Even Finnick thought that he must be going mad. 
Gazing at Vivian’s face, which was flushed in anger, and her teary eyes, he actually found her extremely alluring!
Yet, when he remembered those photos and Fabian’s words, he realized that not a trace of rationality was left within him. 
He abruptly lowered his head and pressed his lips against Vivian’s pale lips, causing her exclamations to fall silent. 
Initially, Finnick just wanted to kiss her as a warning. Yet, when his lips touched Vivian’s, his mouth was filled with her sweet fragrance. He was stunned. 
Is this how Vivian tastes like? 
As if he had been possessed by the devil, he could not help but pry her lips open, greedily deepening the kiss. 
On the other side, Vivian widened her eyes in shock. 
This was Finnick’s second time kissing her. Compared to the punishment kiss the previous time, this kiss was obviously more passionate. 
Initially, Vivian wanted to resist and shove Finnick away. However, despite punching his muscular chest, he did not budge. 
After a while, Vivian felt breathless from the kiss. Her face was completely red. Unable to resist anymore, she merely slumped in his arms. 
After a long time, Finnick noticed that Vivian’s face was flushed. Only then did he reluctantly release her and stand up. 
The kiss just now allowed him to vent some of the jealousy that was burning within him.
Gazing at Vivian’s lips, which were swollen from the kiss, his heart ached. His fingers grazed across her lips as he apologized softly, “I’m sorry. Did I hurt you?” 
Biting her lips, Vivian remained silent. 
“What?” Finnick’s tone turned cold when he noticed Vivian’s distant attitude. “Do you hate it so much when I touch you?” 
Remembering her resistance to him on the bed, a dangerous glint flashed across Finnick’s eyes.
###Chapter 45
Chapter 45 
Vivian did not know how to reply him. All she could feel was an overwhelming sense of exhaustion. Slapping Finnick’s hand away, she got up and left the dining room. 
Watching her back, Finnick did not chase after her. 
For the entire night, Finnick did not return to the master bedroom. Vivian was left alone in the room, sleepless for the entire night. 
Finnick left the house early the next morning. He was gone when Vivian woke up. 
After eating breakfast alone, she went to the office. However, she just sat down at her desk when she saw Fabian walking out of his office. 
Frowning, Vivian stood up, planning to hide at the toilet and avoid a direct confrontation with him. She did not want Fabian to scold her in front of everyone. 
“Vivian, you’re in the afternoon, right? Follow me to Finnor Group for an interview.” 
Finnor Group? 
Vivian’s body froze. When she turned around, she saw Fabian staring at her expressionlessly. 
“Mr. Norton.” She tried her best to seem calm. “I don’t feel too well today. Can you take another person?” 
“No.” Fabian’s tone was formal. “This is the second interview with Finnor Group’s CEO. You interviewed him the previous time, so at least you’re acquainted. It’s better if you accompany me there.” 
Vivian frowned.
Interview Finnick with Fabian? 
I’d be mad if I did that! 
“But I really don’t feel well, so I’m afraid that I’ll affect the interview. Sarah and the rest were present at the previous interview too. It’s the same if you ask them to tag along.” 
“Vivian.” Losing his patience, Fabian’s tone became frosty. “Do you want to get fired?” 
In the magazine company, other than the Chief Editor’s office, everyone else worked in open cubicles. Hence, all the employees sat together. 
When they overheard Fabian’s conversation with Vivian, they fell silent. They timidly watched on, sensing the strange atmosphere surrounding them. 
Glaring at Fabian, Vivian had no choice but to relent. “Okay, Mr. Norton.” 
“Then don’t delay anymore. We’ll leave now,” ordered Fabian expressionlessly and left, while Vivian coldly trailed behind. 
After Vivian and Fabian left, the magazine company erupted into a ruckus. 
“Oh my God! What’s going on? Vivian’s relationship with Mr. Norton seems quite bad. I initially thought that he quite liked Vivian.” 
“Are you stupid? You must be blind to think that Mr. Norton doesn’t like Vivian. If he doesn’t like her, why would he ask her to tag along for such a major interview?” 
“Huh? But they looked like they were about to start an argument.” 
“They’re not arguing! It’s obvious that Vivian is throwing a tantrum at Mr. Norton.”
Most of the employees in the magazine company were women, who loved to gossip. Vivian had just joined the magazine company two years ago, but her performance had been consistently good. In fact, she was much better than the other experienced journalists who had worked there for three to four years. Part of the reason was that Vivian dared to accept any news projects, regardless of how tiring they were. 
However, not everyone thought so. 
Previously, someone spread a rumor in the company about how Vivian managed to get involved with a wealthy big-shot. Now that her relationship with the Chief Editor was so vague, everyone was even more convinced now. 
However, Vivian did not realize that she had become the subject of everyone’s gossip. She merely sat on Fabian’s car solemnly and headed to Finnor Group. 
“Fabian.” There was only the two of them in the car. Unable to bear it anymore, she asked, “What are you trying to do?” 
“What? Are you scared?” scoffed Fabian coldly. “Isn’t he just your sugar daddy? If this already scares you, how did you find the courage to be a mistress who breaks up someone else’s family?” 
Vivian found Fabian utterly unreasonable. Not wanting to converse with him anymore, she looked outside the window. 
The car finally arrived at the Finnor Group’s building. Vivian followed Fabian up the building. Then, the secretary led them to Finnick’s office. 
The office was decorated in a modern style. The man was sitting on a wheelchair in front of the massive French windows. His body was enveloped by a golden simmer of sunlight, causing him to look dazzling.
“Uncle Finnick,” greeted Fabian as he walked forward with Vivian. “Excuse me for the sudden interview. I didn’t disturb your work, right?” 
Finnick turned around slowly with a calm expression on his handsome face. “It’s fine. It’s just a mere interview.”
###Chapter 46
Chapter 46 
Finnick kept his composure; even when he laid eyes on Vivian, there was not a shred of emotion on his face. 
“Ok, let’s begin now.” Fabian smiled demurely and gestured at Vivian to lay down on the sofa. Finnick pushed his wheelchair and moved toward them, completely avoiding Vivian’s gaze. 
“Thank you, Uncle Finnick, for the visit last time.” Fabian feigned ignorance as if there was no pressing tension in the room. He uttered, “We are very grateful for that interview as it greatly increased the sales of our magazines.” 
“You are welcome,” replied Finnick. 
“The purpose of this interview is to find out more about your recent Youth Award,” said Fabian. “How did you feel when you received this award?” 
“It felt like an affirmation of my efforts,” responded Finnick. 
The pair of uncle-nephew carried on their conversation composedly. This starkly contrasted to the turbulent feelings that Vivian who was sitting at the side was experiencing. 
She was too well versed with Fabian’s character. The fact that the Chief Editor personally conducted this interview demonstrated that there must be some underlying motive. 
Could it be? Vivian suddenly recalled the photographs that she glanced through yesterday and her face immediately turned pale. 
Does Fabian want to expose those pictures to Finnick?
Little did Vivian know that Fabian had already shown Finnick all the photographs. The interview today was conducted solely because Fabian felt anguished. 
He was vexed by the fact that Vivian was completely unmoved by his actions. Hence, when the magazine company decided to re-interview Finnick, he decided to bring Vivian along personally. 
After a few uncontroversial questions, Fabian’s eyes lit up and he inquired, “Was the Internet abuzz with news about your wife after the award ceremony?” 
Finnick lowered his gaze and nodded his head. “Yes, it was.” 
“If you don’t mind, could you please share more about your wife?” Fabian smiled politely and remarked, “As you should know, the female readers love gossiping about this.” 
“What about my wife? She is just a simple lady,” replied Finnick with a small smile. 
“Can you describe her a little more?” Fabian queried as his gaze swept over Vivian who sat next to him. “She must be a special and kind lady. Do you share a great relationship with her?” 
After listening to Fabian’s question, Vivian instantly understood why he brought her to conduct the interview. 
Fabian wanted Finnick to reveal his deep love for his wife in order to force Vivian to back down and feel guilt for her actions. 
Vivian suddenly found this hilarious. 
Could it be that Fabian wants me to be jealous of myself? 
It would be comical should he subsequently finds out that I’m Finnick’s wife all along. 
At the thought of that, Vivian involuntarily shivered.
Never mind, that realization won’t be happening right now anyway. 
On the other side, Finnick also came to the realization of the purpose of Fabian’s line of questioning. 
His eyes lit up as he gazed at Vivian, who could not mask her grin. 
Involuntarily, the corner of Finnick’s lips curved up. 
She must be enjoying this right? Since Vivian found this interesting, Finnick was happy to continue the facade. 
“Indeed, my wife is naive and good-natured.” Finnick slowly continued, “She is very bashful. Even after our marriage, she blushes easily and her behavior is extremely endearing.” 
Vivian was stunned by his words. She gazed at Finnick, who caught her gaze and smiled back at her. 
Vivian’s face instantly turned bright red. 
Finnick was clearly describing her. 
After all, he wasn’t that close to her. Every time they had any kind of intimate interaction, an internal furnace would burn through her face. 
After hearing what Finnick described, Fabian instantly glanced arrogantly at Vivian who was sitting next to him. 
He thought that Vivian would feel ashamed after hearing Finnick’s description of his wife. However, her face only tinged with slight redness as she awkwardly recorded down what Finnick recounted. 
Fabian furrowed his brows and continued his line of enquiry, “So, you like ladies who are kind-hearted and pure?”
Finnick cracked a small smile and remained silent. 
Fabian was not satisfied with Finnick’s answer and queried, “I suppose so, right? Who wouldn’t like someone who is innocent and endearing? We should be wary of those gold-digger women instead.”
###Chapter 47
Chapter 47 
Vivian was initially self-conscious when she heard Finnick’s reply. However, after hearing Fabian’s snark remarks, she furrowed her brows. 
Fabian’s intent to ridicule and shame her was too obvious. 
Although he had kept making such snide remarks about her ever since they met up again, she suddenly felt a burst of anger when he did that in front of Finnick. 
“What do you mean by that, Fabian?” asked Vivian, who could no longer stand Fabian’s disparaging comments. 
Fabian coldly smiled and rebuffed, “What’s wrong, Vivian? Have you finally realized your mistake?” 
In all honesty, Vivian could not comprehend why she suddenly felt so exasperated. 
Perhaps she just did not want Finnick to be misguided. She did not want him to presuppose that she was a money-loving gold digger. 
“I just think that you should be responsible for the words you are uttering,” replied Vivian icily. 
“Be responsible?” Fabian smirked and let out an icy laugh. At that moment, he no longer felt like concealing his true emotions. “Do you really think you could continue putting up your facade in front of my uncle? Let me say to you right now that I’ve shown all your unsightly photographs to my uncle. Do you still think that—” 
“Enough!” Finnick abruptly raised his voice and cut off Fabian. 
Vivian’s face immediately turned ghostly white.
What? 
Finnick has already seen those photos? 
While Fabian felt sorry for Vivian upon seeing her face turn pale, he felt more satisfied. 
“Did you really think that you can continue with your disgusting facade in front of my uncle?” he continued to ask with a cruel smile etched on his face. “Surely you must have told him you’re married —” 
“Fabian, I said that’s enough,” warned Finnick again. It was then that Fabian’s expression changed slightly as he turned to stare at Finnick. 
However, the latter’s eyes were trained on Vivian, whose face was blanched. 
“Uncle Finnick, I—” Fabian tried to say something as he was dissatisfied. However, at that moment, Finnick abruptly pivoted around and cast a menacing gaze on Fabian which sent chills down the latter’s spine. 
“Fabian Norton,” Finnick uttered slowly with a threatening tone, “Do not go overboard.” 
The color drained from Fabian’s face. However, he refused to reveal the fear that rushed through his heart. “Uncle Finnick, we’re family. Vivian is just an outsider—” 
“Fabian!” Finnick threateningly cut off Fabian again. “You’d better stop breaking my boundaries time and time again. In the Norton family, we are all enemies.” 
Fabian was stunned at the direct manner Finnick spoke. He shuddered and broke out in cold sweat when he met Finnick’s sinister glare.
Father was right. Even when Uncle Finnick is bound to a wheelchair, he’s still someone not to be easily reckoned with. 
Although Fabian was extremely dissatisfied with the overprotectiveness that Finnick showed for Vivian, he was powerless. He lowered his head and muttered, “Sorry for my rudeness.” 
“Today’s interview is over,” stated Finnick indifferently. “Go home, Fabian. I will send Vivian home myself.” 
Vivian? 
The intimate way Finnick addressed her was like a sharp dagger that pierced Fabian’s heart. 
He’s even going to send her home? 
Isn’t he being too forward? Is he not worried that Vivian’s husband will see them together? 
However, Fabian didn’t dare say anything more. He bit his lip, turned around and retreated from Finnick’s office. 
A deadly silence filled up the office as Finnick and Vivian stood there. 
“Vivian.” Fabian narrowed his brows and walked toward her, uttering softly, “Are you alright?” 
Vivian snapped out of her trance and shifted her gaze toward Finnick. “Did you really see those photographs?” 
She finally realized why Finnick was acting so weird yesterday. He had forced her to change her job and then kissed her all because of those photographs.
###Chapter 48
Chapter 48 
As she thought about those photos, Vivian felt nothing but shame and could not even face Finnick. She averted her gaze stubbornly. 
However, the moment she turned her head, Finnick grabbed her roughly and forced her to look into his eyes. 
“Vivian.” His voice was stern. “Don’t you dare look away.” 
He paused, and then said, “I did see those photos. Someone probably installed a pinhole camera in the hotel room where that incident happened two years ago.” 
Vivian thought the same. She nodded, kept quiet for a moment, and said while biting her lips, “I’m sorry.” 
“For what?” Finnick growled. 
“For how those photos might have made you feel,” Vivian whispered with her head low. 
Her face was white as a sheet, and tears welled up in her eyes. Finnick’s heart ached. 
Damn it. What is this feeling? 
He had never felt this way about Vivian, be it now or ten years ago. 
He forcefully lifted her face again and locked gazes with her. 
“Remember this, Vivian.” he stared straight at her. “Never apologize for something you did not do.” 
Finnick’s firm gaze had her momentarily dazed. She nodded.
“Alright then,” Finnick said, more light-heartedly this time, “It’s getting late. Let’s go home.” 
In the elevator, Vivian asked after much hesitation, “Finnick, when you saw those photos, did you not doubt that they weren’t from the incident two years ago?” 
Just like how Fabian immediately assumed that those had been recent photos of her with other men. 
“Why would I think of it that way?” Finnick said calmly, “What had happened two years ago was the only time you did it, wasn’t it?” 
Vivian did not expect him to say that. She said with her face flushed, “How did you know?” 
“I had a hunch,” he said. 
Vivian was stumped momentarily and then realized that he was talking about that night when things had gotten wild and steamy between them. 
Her face burned bright red in embarrassment. From the corner of her eyes, she could feel Finnick smirking at her. 
Her flush deepened. She clenched her teeth and said, “What? So you’re really experienced, huh? Then tell me how many times you have done it.” 
Finnick did not expect the shy Vivian to snap back at him like that. He was at a loss for words. 
At that very moment, the elevator arrived on the first floor. Finnick jolted and coughed awkwardly into his hand. “Let’s get in the car.” 
He got out of the elevator first, pushing his wheelchair out.
Upon seeing Finnick’s reaction to her question, Vivian became even more curious. She quickly caught up with him and asked, “Finnick, you haven’t answered me. How many times have you done it?” 
Vivian was a stubborn person who would try to get to the bottom of everything she set her mind on. Even in the car, she continued to bombard him with questions. 
“Finnick, tell me. Are you keeping quiet because you have done it many times? Did you do it with one woman or multiple women?” she asked. 
Finnick felt his head throb in pain. 
I regret this so much. Why did I even bring that up? He would never have expected Vivian to have such a talkative side to her even in his wildest dreams. 
But it is pretty cute, I guess. 
Vivian leaned on his wheelchair as she pressed on with her questioning. Upon seeing her sparkly eyes and her cheeks puffed up in discontent, he could not help but kiss her on the forehead. 
The sudden kiss made Vivian a little flustered. The touch of his lips felt like a burning fire that spread to her entire face. She hastily got up before sitting down back on her seat. 
Amused at her reaction, Finnick snickered, “So that’s what makes you quieten down.”
###Chapter 49
Chapter 49 
Scowling, Vivian stopped bugging him. 
After that episode, Vivian’s mood lightened up and she fell asleep leaning on the car window. 
Upon seeing that, Noah spoke softly from the front seat, “Mr. Norton, I have concluded my investigations on that incident from two years ago.” 
Finnick turned around, his face cold and emotionless. “Have you found him?” 
“Yes.” 
“Where is he now?” 
“He has been arrested as per your request. Mr. Norton, what do you want us to do with him? Shall I get my men to teach him a lesson?” Noah replied. 
“Teach him a lesson?” Finnick pursed his lips. “That’s way too light of a punishment. I will deal with him personally after sending Vivian back.” 
“Yes sir,” Noah said. 
Vivian woke up as just as they arrived at the Norton residence. “Vivian, I have some matters to deal with at the moment. You should rest.” 
She was a little taken aback but nodded. “Alright then. Come back early, okay?” 
After sending off Finnick, Vivian could not help but wonder what he was going off to do that late.
Finnick isn’t seeing some other woman, is he? I mean he’s a good kisser and good in bed too. He must be with many women. Vivian felt somewhat bitter about it. 
At the same time, she was shocked at her own inner turmoil. Why am I so bothered now? Why should I care if Finnick is dating someone else? 
Vivian’s heart throbbed. She realized that something had changed within her. 
… 
Meanwhile, in the suburbs of the west district. 
In an abandoned factory, an old man was tied to a chair. He seemed to have been tortured till he passed out. As the gates of the warehouse opened, he struggled to raise his head. 
The old man was momentarily stunned when he saw the wheelchair that moved toward him. When he came to his senses, he pleaded desperately, “Mr. Norton! It’s Mr. Norton, isn’t it? I have no idea what I’ve done to deserve this! Please spare me!” 
All Finnick felt was anger as he studied the wrinkly, dirty old man before him. 
Damn it! How dare such a dirty old man lay a finger on Vivian! He cursed in his head. 
Finnick could feel his blood pressure rise as he thought about how Vivian got assaulted by the old man. He went even closer, then grabbed the old man by his neck, choking him. 
“Tell me,” Finnick snarled, his voice cold as ice. “Did you assault a girl two years ago at the Century Hotel?” 
Two years ago? Century Hotel? The old man trembled with fear as he recalled the past.
He shivered violently as the incident in question came to mind. “Mr. Norton, y-you are very much mistaken! Two years ago, I-I did not get my way with her in the end! I wasn’t able to do a thing!” 
Wasn’t able to do a thing? Finnick slowly relaxed his grip around the old man’s neck. “What do you mean?” 
The old man felt as if he were about to pee his pants. He hurriedly confessed everything about the incident from two years ago. 
“T-Two years ago, there was a middleman who did this kind of business. I was told that they found me a virgin girl, b-but before I could do anything, I was dragged out of the hotel room by some masked men!” he explained. 
“Masked men?” Finnick narrowed his eyes. 
“Yes, yes! I don’t know who they were either. All I know is that they needed a woman urgently. They probably worked for some important figure, so I didn’t want to provoke them.” 
Finnick clenched his fists, and stared coldly at the old man. “Are you sure?”
###Chapter 50
Chapter 50 
“Of course I’m telling the truth! I swear to God I didn’t touch that woman. I don’t even know how she looks like!” 
Only then did Finnick release him, as he thought the old man would not dare to lie to himself either. 
“Bring him down,” Finnick said coldly. “Find out whether what he said is true, and interrogate him on who introduced him to Vivian.” 
“Yes,” Noah replied immediately, and only after signaling his subordinates to bring the old man down did he whisper to Finnick, “Finnick, that disgusting old man wasn’t the one who assaulted Mrs. Norton.” 
On the contrary, Finnick did not seem the least bit happy and only gave Noah a cold look. “So, is it a good thing that she got assaulted by another man?” 
Noah’s face turned white. “Mr. Norton, that’s not what I meant,” he said. 
Finnick did not feel like dealing with Noah anymore, so he turned his wheelchair around and left the warehouse. 
When he got home, Vivian had just gotten out of the shower and was wrapped in a towel. Never would she have thought that she would immediately run into Finnick. 
“Ah,” Vivian cried out softly and tried to go back into the bathroom. 
However, Finnick said indifferently, “You don’t need to hide. I’ve already seen it all anyway.” 
Vivian froze. 
Indeed- a few nights ago, while nothing happened, Finnick did in fact see everything.
Vivian’s face burned red, but she could not continue her pretense. All she could do was walk out awkwardly, hurriedly put a nightgown over her towel, and yank the towel out from under. 
Finnick looked at Vivian, who was still a little wet with water droplets sliding down her pretty neck and a slight blush on her cheeks from the steam. She looked like a juicy peach. 
He cleared his throat and averted his eyes. 
Even if he knew something happened between Vivian and another man, his body still reacted primitively every time he laid eyes upon her body. 
Damn, I used to be obsessed with purity, virginity and all that stuff. 
But it’s as if Vivian is some kind of strange exception. 
After Vivian changed into her nightgown at lightning speeds, she hurriedly got into bed and asked Finnick, “Aren’t you going to shower?” 
Only then did Finnick come to his senses. He nodded his head and walked to the bathroom. 
Vivian now understood why there was no one around to take care of Finnick. The reason was that, in the first place, he had no need for that. If there was such a person, they would be more of a bother instead of a comfort to him. 
Finnick got into the bathroom quickly and the sound of the shower came slowly. Vivian was just about to go on social media when the sound suddenly stopped. Then, she heard Finnick’s voice. 
“Vivian?” 
His voice was pleasant- it was low and slightly hoarse. Her heart skipped a beat every time he called her name.
“What’s wrong?” She hurriedly got up from the bed. 
“I forgot to get my underwear.” Finnick’s voice sounded from the bathroom. “Could you get it for me?” 
Vivian froze and her face turned red immediately. 
Get his underwear? 
Something that private? 
“Is it inconvenient for you?” Having not heard a reply, Finnick’s voice rang out again, “Should I go out and get it myself then?” 
Vivian tried imagining the alluring sight of Finnick getting out of the shower. She hurriedly jumped out of bed and said, “No need, I-I’ll just get it for you. Where is it?” 
Finnick was standing at the door in the bathroom with the corners of his mouth slightly curved up. “It’s in the drawer at the bottom of the closet,” he said. 
Vivian opened the drawer and saw that it was filled with designer underwear. She haphazardly grabbed a pair with her eyes shut tight, then knocked on the bathroom door. 
Originally, she thought that Finnick would crack open the door just enough for her to hand the underwear over. Instead, he opened the door to its full width. 
The steam from the shower seeped out as the riveting sight of Finnick, who was in the middle of his shower, appeared before Vivian’s eyes. 
Although they had been intimate before, this was the first time Vivian had properly looked at Finnick’s body.
Her eyes lingered on his broad shoulders, his sturdy chest, his angular abs like white marble, and his two distinct v-cut abs, all the way down to his private area that was hidden under a towel… 
Bang! 
Vivian felt like smoke was coming out of her head! 
In stark contrast to Vivian’s fluster, Finnick was as calm as he always was. “Thanks.” He took his underwear from her hands and raised an eyebrow. “I didn’t know you like such tight-fitting cuts.”
###Chapter 51
Chapter 51 
Vivian felt her face getting hot instantly. 
“You? Showering?” Vivian dared not even look at him and quickly pushed the bathroom door close. 
Finnick lowered his head and glanced at her flushed face. All he could think of was how cute she looked as he allowed her to close the door. 
Vivian returned to the bed and still felt as though her cheeks were extremely hot. She picked up her phone and browsed through Twitter to calm herself down. 
After a short moment, Finnick stepped out of the bathroom. Vivian still did not have the courage to make eye contact with him and continued scrolling her phone. 
“Let’s head to bed,” Finnick said in a low voice. He switched off the lights after seeing Vivian nod. 
That night, her embarrassing, sleepless thoughts engulfed her mind. She could not sleep at all. 
Whenever she shut her eyes, she would imagine Finnick’s buff figure and the slight smile on his face. She prayed silently for her heart to stop beating so fast. 
Unbeknownst to her, Finnick’s sleep was also disturbed by her tossing and turning. It was a sleepless night for him too. 
He heard the woman muttering to herself in the dark, and for a moment, he wanted to have her there and then. Nonetheless, he resisted the temptation after giving it thought. 
She’s a delicacy. I have to control myself, and ravish her slowly after. 
The next morning, Vivian was awoken by her phone’s ringtone.
Finnick was missing from the bed when she woke up. She picked up the phone from the bedside table and immediately took the call as it was from the hospital. 
“Ms. William, we are calling regarding the outstanding ten thousand hospital bill. May I know when you would be able to pay the outstanding sum?” 
Vivian instantly felt a headache as she heard this. 
She almost forgot about this outstanding amount. Fabian previously declined to advance my salary. Where am I going to get the money? 
After repeated assurances that she would pay up within the next three days, Vivian hung up and went downstairs, looking very depressed. 
Meanwhile, Finnick was having breakfast in the dining room. Noah stood beside him as he reported the findings of his investigation. 
“According to our investigation, the old man is not lying. Someone did try to pull some strings for him, but he didn’t manage to connect with the other party. It seems like a third-party stepped in.” 
“Who is it?” 
“We couldn’t find anything about them.” Noah cringed as he said this. 
“Nothing?” Finnick raised a brow at his response. 
He knew Noah was a competent man. The third party must be extraordinarily powerful if he could not find anything on them. 
“Continue with the investigation.” He said, “Also, who was the person who tried to pull strings for the old man?”
“We have some leads on that. I believe this person was bribed. It should be easy to find out who he is.” 
Noah nodded. Suddenly, he thought of something and said to Finnick hesitantly, “Mr. Norton, I forgot to mention something. We also found out that Ms. William’s mother fell very sick two years ago during our investigations. She’s still in a coma.” 
Finnick’s heart skipped a beat as he heard this. A dark expression loomed over his face. “Why didn’t you tell me earlier?” 
Noah felt wronged. 
Well, boss, you didn’t ask us to investigate this, did you? 
“What about the hospital bills?” Finnick suddenly realized this. “I suppose the bills are quite high if her mother is in a long-term hospitalization.” 
“Yes. After Ms. William married you, she got her citizenship in Sunshine City and medical insurance too. However, while the insurance is of some help, she still has to pay quite a sum on her own.” 
Right, so she was in a rush to get married because of the insurance payout. 
Finnick instantly understood. He looked up to see Vivian coming down the stairs and immediately waved his hand to signal Noah to stop. “Oh? You’re awake?” 
Vivian glanced at Noah suspiciously. “What were you guys talking about?” 
“Nothing much,” Finnick calmly replied as he scooped a bowl of soup for her. “Come and have breakfast.” 
She did not think much of it and sat down in the dining room. Nonetheless, her thoughts were still distracted by the outstanding hospital bills throughout breakfast.
On the other hand, Finnick would steal glances in her direction from time to time. This time, he knew what she was worried about. 
He picked up a piece of sausage and placed it on her plate. With a low voice, he said to her, “Vivian, when we are both , let’s visit your mother.” 
Vivian was taken aback. She looked at him anxiously, only to realize that he was staring back at her in an assertive manner.
###Chapter 52
Chapter 52 
“It’s alright…” She quickly avoided his gaze. “My mom isn’t feeling very well… She needs time alone to rest…” 
Vivian kept her words vague and did not mention her mother’s illness. Nor did she bring up the outstanding hospital bills. 
Finnick’s eyes darkened. 
As an experienced businessman, he had definitely met girls who were fake or promiscuous. Those who came from prominent families always acted coquettishly and only knew how to rely on men on every trivial issue. They were always asking for his money or for his help. 
However, Vivian was different from the rest of them. 
Even though they were newlyweds, she never once asked for anything from him. To be specific, she intentionally avoided doing so. 
Her distant and cold demeanor somehow irked Finnick. 
“Really?” The coldness in his voice revealed his unhappiness. “Well, I hope she gets well soon then.” 
Vivian furrowed her brows slightly. 
Did I say anything wrong? Why does Finnick look upset? 
However, she did not continue the conversation and finished breakfast. Finnick then drove her to the Subway station, and she took the train to work.
After arriving at the building, she headed to the Department of Finance instead of her office in an attempt to get a month’s advance on her salary. 
However, she already got an advance previously. If they approved her request once more, it would be an advance for the month after. 
“Vivian, it’s not that we don’t want to help you. We understand your difficulties, but we are not authorized to approve your request.” Zoe from the Department of Finance looked at Vivian in a helpless manner. 
Vivian’s eyes darkened slightly. She was about to speak, but suddenly, a cold voice echoed from behind. 
“Vivian, don’t you know it’s office hours? Why are you here at the Department of Finance? You should be preparing for this afternoon’s interview!” 
Her heart skipped a beat as she heard the voice. Reluctantly, she turned her head to see Fabian standing behind her with a cold glare. 
“I have some matters to attend to.” She did not want to speak to Fabian at all. Hence, she stepped out of the office quickly without elaborating further. 
However, just as she turned the corner, Fabian caught up with her and grabbed onto her wrist before pinning her to the wall. 
“Fabian, what are you doing!” Vivian lowered her voice and hissed as she was afraid that Zoe and the rest from the Department of Finance would overhear them. 
“Nothing.” He still had that smirk on his face as he stared at her arrogantly. “I’m just showing concern to my fiancée’s sister. Now, this is not your first time asking for an advance. What is going on, huh?”
At that moment, Vivian knew that Fabian had overheard her conversation with Zoe earlier. She rubbed the sore spot on her wrists and replied casually, “Mr. Norton, didn’t I tell you this before? I want to buy a bag.” 
“Vivian, do you take me for a fool?” Fabian chuckled. 
He did not believe that Finnick would not buy a bag for her if she really wanted it, considering how well he treated her. 
There was definitely something else going on. It must be an emergency since she’s so desperate and probably a matter that she can’t tell Finnick about. 
Upon these thoughts, the evil smirk on his face got wider. Suddenly, he pinned her to the wall once again with both hands and restrained her. 
“Finnick, let go! What are you doing!” Vivian panicked. 
“Vivian, it seems like you really need money, hmm?” He bent forward slightly and whispered into her ear, “A month’s salary… Let me guess, that’s about ten thousand, right?” 
“It’s none of your business.” She furrowed her brows and struggled to escape. 
However, his next words made her entire body ze. 
“How about this? I’ll give you ten thousand for you to have a one-night stand with me. What do you think?” 
She glared at him in disbelief, only to see him staring right at her with a mocking expression. 
“So?” He lowered his head and locked his eyes onto her pale face. Deep down, he was annoyed. His blood slowly boiled as his mind flashed back to the scene where Finnick and she flirted. “Ten thousand
for a night is way above market price. You only stand to gain here.”
###Chapter 53
Chapter 53 
As Fabian spoke, he thought of something once more and his face got smugger. “Oh wait, I forgot that you were already priced like that two years ago. But that was your first time, wasn’t it? Now, you are just a piece of trash that has been toyed with by dozens of men. You should be contented that––” 
Slap! 
Before he could finish, Vivian unleashed her anger and sent her palms across his cheeks. She could no longer tolerate his attitude. 
The slap was unexpected for Fabian. He was instantly dumbstruck as he held onto his red cheek and looked at the woman in shock and surprise. 
Her previously pale face was now flushed red with fury. Tears welled up in her eyes, but she refused to let them roll down her cheeks and bit hard on her lips. 
Fabian felt a knife stab through his heart. 
Even though he intended to hurt Vivian, his heart ached when he saw her in that state. There was not a tinge of satisfaction he felt. 
She continued to glare at him and controlled her tears. Gritting her teeth, she spat, “Fabian, I f**king regret falling in love with you.” 
Then, she pushed him away and walked down the corridor without turning back. 
Fabian was still glued to his spot, looking as though he lost his soul. After what seemed like an eternity, Zoe walked out of the Department of Finance to head to the restroom and saw him standing there like a statue.
“M-Mr. Norton?” Zoe jumped in surprise. 
Fabian finally recovered his senses and looked at her. “Zoe, do you know why Vivian wants an advance on her salary?” 
Zoe was in a dilemma. However, Fabian was the Chief Editor and it would not be wise to lie to him. She blurted, “Vivian’s mom is very sick and the treatment is very costly, which is why she asked for an advance. Mr. Norton, please don’t be angry with her.” 
Very sick? Hospital bills? 
Fabian did not expect such a response and was stunned. 
On the other hand, Vivian knew that she was too angry and upset to work. Hence, she swapped her duty with Jenny and took the rest of the day off. 
She hailed a cab and headed back to the Norton family’s villa. After she arrived, she walked to the entrance and removed her shoes. However, she was too tired to step in and sat at the door instead, lost in her own thoughts. 
Fabian, Fabian… You are just too good. 
Whenever I thought you couldn’t hurt me deeper, you always find a more ruthless way to torment me. 
Previously, you presented me to another man like a gift! Now, you choose to humiliate with money? 
Just as the tears were about to roll down her cheeks, she was lifted into the air. When she recollected herself, she realized that someone was carrying her. 
“Ah!” Vivian exclaimed in surprise. From her peripheral, she could make out Finnick’s handsome and distinct features. “Finnick? W-Why are you at home?”
It’s only in the afternoon. Shouldn’t he be at the office? 
“I came back to take some stuff,” Finnick stated. He noticed her reddened eyes and turned gloomy. “What about you? Why are you home so early?” 
“I don’t have any interviews today. So I came home early…” Vivian tried to smooth over. All of a sudden, she realized that Finnick was standing up and carrying her. Her cheeks turned hot instantly. “Why don’t you put me down… It wouldn’t be nice if other people saw us…” 
“There’s no one else at home,” he replied nonchalantly as he walked into the house with her in his arms. “It’s cold outside. Don’t sit at the door next time.” 
He placed her on the sofa in the living room and asked her, “Have you eaten?” 
Vivian remembered that she was too upset to eat earlier. Shaking her head, she returned the question, “What about you?” 
“Not yet.” 
“Let me make lunch then.” Since Molly was not around, it was obviously Vivian’s job as the wife to prepare lunch. However, just as she stood up, she realized something and said hesitantly, “I’ll just make spaghetti and meatballs, alright?” 
She knew that Finnick was picky when it came to food. For normal meals, Molly’s dishes were always intricately prepared even though they were not exotic delicacies. Furthermore, she would always make a full spread, and Vivian was not confident of replicating that. 
Finnick noticed her slightly anxious expression and thought it was rather cute. He pursed his lips and replied, “Sure.”
Upon his words, Vivian breathed a sigh of relief. She placed her purse and phone on the coffee table and stepped into the kitchen. 
Just as she got busy, a notification popped up on her phone. It was a message sent to her mobile. 
She was occupied with cooking and could not step out of the kitchen. Nonetheless, she was worried that it might be something important from work. Hence, she called out from the kitchen, “Finnick, could you take a look and tell me whose message is it?” 
Finnick was reading The Business Times when he heard her. He lowered his head and looked at her phone. 
It was possible to see the sender and the contents of the message on her phone without unlocking it. Finnick immediately spotted the name which irked him the most – Fabian. 
What upset him even more was the message itself. 
The message wrote: Vivian, I’ll lend you the money if you really need it to pay your mom’s hospital bills.
###Chapter 54
Chapter 54 
His grip around the newspaper tightened immediately. 
Vivian? 
Huh. 
How affectionate. 
Also, how does he know that Vivian needs to pay her mom’s hospital bills? 
Did Vivian tell him herself? 
Finnick somehow felt his blood boil as the thought flashed past his mind. 
She didn’t tell me about it, and yet she told Fabian? 
Meanwhile, Vivian was done with the spaghetti. She brought the dish out of the kitchen and announced, “Time for lunch.” 
She did not notice the unhappiness on Finnick’s face as she attempted to take off her apron. However, she struggled to do so as the knots were all tangled up behind her back. 
Finnick looked up and saw her struggling. He slowly got up from the sofa, walked towards her, and held onto her hands. “Let me do it.” 
His presence was unmistakable. As he spoke, the hot air from his mouth blew past her neck and made her cheeks go red. She quickly retracted her hand and thanked him.
Finnick kept quiet as he helped her untie the apron. Unfortunately, Vivian’s attempt earlier turned it into a dead knot. 
“Ah…” Vivian became nervous as the man stood close to her. She had to distract herself by speaking. “Who was it earlier?” 
Finnick’s hand froze for a moment, but he quickly responded, “It was Fabian.” 
It was Vivian’s turn to ze. 
“Aren’t you going to ask me what he sent you?” Fabian continued, seeing that Vivian remained silent. 
She gulped down and chuckled sarcastically. “Probably something to humiliate me.” 
“No.” Finnick finally undid the knot and took the apron off for her. “He said he could lend you the money you need to pay your mom’s hospital bills.” 
Vivian’s eyes widened as she spun around. “How did he know…” 
She wanted to ask how Fabian knew about her mother’s hospitalization but she was met with Finnick’s cold stare when she turned. 
Vivian paused for a brief moment. 
“Finnick…” Based on his reaction, Vivian realized something. With a trembling voice, she asked him, “So you know about my mom too?” 
He lowered his head and looked at her. 
She worked hard in the kitchen. Beads of sweat were trickling down her forehead, and her bangs fell slightly. Finnick raised his hand, pushed the loose strands of hair behind her ear, and replied casually, “Yes, I know about her.”
Vivian trembled. 
She should have expected this. Finnick was an incredible man who kept tabs on everything, including her. 
“Are you angry?” Finnick frowned when he noticed that Vivian was still silent. 
“No.” She shook her head, looking lethargic. “I expected you to be wary of those around you since you come from a prominent family.” 
It’s just like how Fabian intentionally hid his identity back then. It is not out of the ordinary that Finnick would investigate me. 
Finnick was rather hurt by her tone. 
He never thought of guarding himself against her. In fact, he never looked into her apart from checking her background before their marriage. This time, the information coincidentally surfaced when he was looking into the incident from two years ago. 
“Vivian.” Finnick was unreasonably bothered. He was about to continue when her phone rang. 
“Let me get that.” Vivian did not want to continue the conversation with him. The phone call was her saving grace, so she quickly moved away from him and ran to the living room. 
Upon seeing the caller ID, Vivian’s heart immediately skipped a beat and she picked up the call. “Hello? Dr. Jones? Well… About the hospital bills… I’m going to pay for it soon. Could you please–” 
Before she could continue, the doctor’s panicked voice could be heard on the other end of the call. “Ms. William, your mom’s condition worsened suddenly. She needs an operation immediately! Could
you please come over and sign the papers, as well as pay for the operation? That way we can move her into the operating theatre as soon as possible!” 
Vivian felt her world collapse, and the color drained from her face. 
The next second, she turned into a madwoman and dashed out of the villa. 
“Vivian!” Finnick rushed up to her and held onto her arms. “What’s going on?”
###Chapter 55
Chapter 55 
As he turned her around forcefully, he was astonished to see tears streaming down her cheeks. 
Vivian yelled at the top of her voice, “Let go of me! My mom needs surgery! Let go!” 
Finnick’s eyes darkened, but he did not let go of her. Instead, he pulled her into a tight embrace and commanded, “Vivian, calm down! You won’t make it in time even if you go now. Let me call Noah and get him to the hospital.” 
“No…” Vivian instinctively rejected his offer to help. However, she saw the flashing anger in his eyes the moment she spoke. 
“Vivian! How long more are you going to keep this up? Do you want your mother to recover?” he bellowed. The next moment, he noticed the slight wariness in her eyes and softened his tone. “Did you forget that I’m your husband? Please, let me help you during times like this.” 
Please, let me help you during times like this. 
Vivian’s aggression subsided upon hearing this as she looked at him in a daze. 
She did not expect an arrogant man like him to speak like this. 
He wants to help. He even said “please”. 
Seeing that Vivian is calmer, Finnick fished out his phone and called Noah. “Hello? Noah, go to the hospital now and arrange for Vivian’s mom to go for surgery. Yes, it’s an emergency. Also, pay for the hospital bills.” 
He kept his eyes on Vivian as he spoke.
Meanwhile, Vivian lowered her head like a child who committed wrong. At last, she chose to let him help. 
After the call, Finnick took her hand and said, “Let’s go. I’ll drive you to the hospital.” 
He led her out of the house as he spoke. 
When they reached the entrance, Vivian remembered something and quickly stopped. “Finnick, your wheelchair…” 
Xavier told her that Finnick faked being a cripple to guard himself against his brother. There might be uninvited trouble if someone saw him standing. 
Finnick paused in his tracks and glanced sideways at her. With what seemed like a smile, he asked, “Are you afraid that people will find out?” 
She nodded and rushed to take the wheelchair beside the entrance. “Let me push you out.” 
He sat down in the wheelchair and let her push him out of the house. At that moment, his anger subsided and his mood got better. 
Seems like Vivian still cares about me. 
The driver sped to the hospital after they got in the car. 
While it was not a long journey, Vivian still felt like it was an eternity. She kept fidgeting in her seat on their way there. 
All of a sudden, she felt warmth on her hands. 
Blinking her eyes in surprise, she turned to see Finnick holding her hands.
Her hands were ice-cold as she was nervous. In contrast, the warmth from his hands made her feel much more at ease. Gradually, she became less anxious and calmed down slightly. 
The car finally arrived at the hospital. Right after it parked itself at the entrance, Vivian jumped down from the vehicle and forgot about her husband. 
When she rushed to the entrance of the operating theatre, Noah immediately stood up and greeted her. “Mrs. Norton.” 
Just then, a nurse rushed out from the operating theatre. Instantly, Vivian approached her and asked, “Miss, how is my mom?” 
The nurse kept her reply simple. “As this was a sudden decision, the risks are much higher as compared to normal surgeries. In any case, I would need you to wait here.” 
Then, she rushed off somewhere. 
Vivian collapsed onto the ground upon hearing this. 
She always knew that her mom needed the surgery to live on. Unfortunately, the operation had little chance of success because her mom was always in a weak condition. This was why Vivian let the doctors treat her mom using medication first, as she thought it would be a wiser choice to let her get better before heading for an operation. 
She never thought they would have to rush into surgery due to a worsening of her mother’s condition. The chances of success would be even lower now. 
The more she thought about it, the more afraid she got. She recoiled in fear on the ground and trembled uncontrollably.
If something happens to Mom… W-What am I going to do? 
“Vivian, it’s cold on the ground. Don’t sit there.”
###Chapter 56
Chapter 56 
Just as Vivian was worried sick, she heard a low, coarse voice from behind. Then, she was lifted into the air and before she realized it, she was seated on Finnick’s laps. 
“Finnick…” Vivian was shocked. 
As Finnick observed her pale and cold body, he felt as though a thousand needles were stabbing through his heart. He wiped away the tears from her cheeks and assured her, “Don’t worry. I will be here with you.” 
It was a simple but weighty statement that warmed Vivian’s heart. Indeed, with his assurance, she gradually calmed down. 
All of a sudden, she felt extremely tired. This time, she did not fight back and just nodded in silence. With her remaining strength, she coiled up in his arms and stared at the “Operation In Progress” sign at the top of the door. 
As she lay in his arms, Finnick could discern a unique scent from her. All of a sudden, it was as though his cold heart melted slightly after being frozen for decades. 
After a long while, the lights above the door turned red. 
Vivian, upon seeing this, jumped up from Finnick’s lap and dashed towards the door. The doctors and nurses exited the operating theatre looking drained. 
“Doctor! M-My mother…” Vivian did not even know what to say at that point. 
The doctor looked at her and smiled as he informed her, “Congratulations, Ms. William. The operation was a success. Your mother will be awake by tomorrow.”
Mom will be awake? 
At that very moment, her tensed body loosened up and she felt so relieved. She desperately wanted to thank the doctor, but suddenly, her legs went numb and she collapsed. 
However, her skin did not come into contact with the cold, hard floor. All she felt was a strong, sturdy chest. 
She lifted her chin to see Finnick’s face. 
It was him who made his way over in the wheelchair just in time to catch her. 
His usual cold expression was gone too. There was a slight smile on his face as he stroked her hair gently. “This is good news,” he echoed. 
Those simple words instantly made Vivian tear up. She had been holding it in for too long. 
It was cathartic for her as she released her emotions. She stretched out her arms and wrapped them around Finnick’s neck as she sobbed in joy. “Yes, it’s good news! Very good news!” 
Over dinner, Finnick got a few calls from work. 
Vivian knew that he had accompanied her for the entire day and felt rather apologetic. She took the initiative and said, “Why don’t you head back to work? I will accompany Mom here.” 
Finnick turned to look at her. As she ate in a hurry earlier, there was spaghetti sauce at the corner of her lips. Instinctively, he wiped it away for her. 
“I will head off first then. I’ll be back tomorrow.” He continued in a low voice, “Let me know if you need anything.”
Vivian nodded. However, she frowned when Finnick did not get up. “What’s wrong?” 
The latter stared at her purposefully. Then, casually, he raised the finger which he used to wipe her mouth earlier and licked it clean. “Nothing, I just think that you looked rather serious when you nodded.” 
Vivian looked on as he did this. Her mind went blank and she did not even hear what he said. 
I-Isn’t that too much? 
If someone else did this, I might even say that it’s unhygienic. But why did it look so… so sexy when he did that? His slender fingers… his thin lips… 
“Huh? What? Serious?” Her cheeks flushed hot red again as she looked away and shot random questions at him.
###Chapter 57
Chapter 57 
“Yes, I’m wondering if you were serious about telling me if you need anything in the future.” Finnick noticed her avoiding his gaze and looked slightly unhappy. Using his index finger, he lifted her chin and forced her to make eye contact. “Vivian, I hope you treat me like I am really your husband.” 
Treat you like a husband? 
Vivian stared into his dark eyes and was rather lost. 
“Alright.” She lowered her gaze quickly after. “I promise to tell you if I need anything next time. I swear.” 
Then, the corner of his lips upturned as he nodded. “Good girl.” 
He let go of her chin, turned around, and left. 
When he reached the door, Vivian called out to him. “Finnick!” 
He turned slightly and saw her flushed face. With a slightly awkward tone, she said, “Thank you.” 
It was a simple ‘thank you’, but for some reason, Finnick’s smile got wider. “No problem.” 
Vivian stayed the entire night to accompany her mother. It was fortunate that Finnick transferred her to a private ward as the hospital provided a small bed for visitors. At least she could get a good night’s sleep in there. 
The next morning, Vivian was awoken by a series of coughs. 
She opened her eyes gradually and saw that her mother was awake.
“Mom!” Vivian immediately rushed up to the bed. “How are you feeling? Do you feel sick? Should I get the doctor?” 
“I’m alright.” Rachel William still looked pale. Her eyes were fixated on her daughter and they lit up with happiness. With trembling hands, she stroked her daughter’s hair in an affectionate manner. “Vivian… Oh, my dear Vivian… Let me take a good look at you. It’s been s-such a long time…” 
Tears rolled down Vivian’s cheeks. She gulped and nodded. “It’s been two years… Mom… You’ve been in a coma for two years…” 
On that fateful night two years ago, she was robbed of a woman’s most treasured possession. It was truly a nightmare for her. Not only that, but the two people she loved the most also abandoned her. 
One was the love of her life, Fabian, who went missing suddenly. 
The other was her only kin, her mother Rachel, who became ill and fell into a coma. 
Rachel coughed a few times. Holding onto Vivian’s hands, she said, “I’m so sorry, Vivian. It’s all my fault. It’s all because I’ve been weak all this while. I haven’t been able to take care of you for these two years. I even gave you so much trouble. You–” 
Rachel suddenly stopped because she spotted the diamond ring on Vivian’s finger. 
“Vivian.” She became a little excited. “A-Are you married?” 
Vivian was stunned momentarily. She quickly smiled and replied, “Yes, Mom. I’m married now.” 
Vivian knew that her mom did not have the perfect marriage and had always hoped that she would marry a good man. Hence, she did not want to keep this from her. 
“Good… Very good…” Rachel teared up in joy. “Is it Fabian? Did you guys marry after you graduated?”
Vivian’s body trembled upon hearing this. 
Sigh, Mom has been in a coma for two years. She has no idea what happened two years ago. 
She managed a smile. “It’s not Fabian. We broke up.” 
Rachel was taken aback after she heard this. She hurriedly added, “Vivian, I’m so sorry. I didn’t know about this… Don’t worry, it’s all over now. I’m sure you are happily married.” 
Vivian nodded with the same smile plastered on her face, and she tried hard to cover up the bitterness in her eyes. 
Her mother examined the diamond ring on her finger and gave a wider smile. “He seems like a good, honest man.” 
Vivian’s eyes flashed slightly upon hearing this. 
She knew that her mother never hoped for her to marry a rich or powerful person. On the contrary, she always wanted her to marry an ordinary man. Hence, she was happy to see such a simple diamond ring.
###Chapter 58
Chapter 58 
What would Mom think if she knew that I married Fabian’s uncle and the son of the Norton family? 
Forget it. I shouldn’t think about it for now. 
Vivian was about to head out to get lunch for her mother when suddenly, someone knocked on the door. 
She was a little stunned by this. 
Mom doesn’t know a lot of people in Sunshine City. Who could it be? 
She opened the door to see Finnick and Noah standing outside. The former was still in a wheelchair, while the latter had a fruit basket and lunchbox in his hands. 
“Finnick?” Vivian asked in a dumbfounded manner. 
“Vivian, who is it?” Rachel asked. 
With a slightly lost expression, she turned to look at her mother. She did not know how to respond to her question. 
On the other hand, Finnick raised his brow upon hearing the voice inside. He initiated the conversation and said, “Hello Mrs. William, I’m here to visit you.” 
For the umpteenth time, Vivian’s face blushed bright red. She opened the door and let the two men in. 
Slowly, Finnick pushed himself to the front of the bed. When he noticed Rachel’s shocked look, he gave her a smile and introduced himself. “Mrs. William, I am Finnick Norton. I should have visited you earlier, but Vivian always said that you were unwell.”
Rachel looked at Finnick, and then at Vivian whose face was blushed. She instantly understood. “Ah, so you must be Vivian’s husband. Well, you are quite different from what I imagined you to be…” 
The man just smiled faintly and signaled to Noah to place the lunchbox and fruits on the desk. “Mrs. William, have you eaten lunch? I prepared some home-cooked dishes.” 
Vivian hurriedly walked over and opened the lunchbox. Indeed, the dishes were all prepared by Molly and were healthy and nutritious. She began to feed her mother carefully. 
After being in a coma for two years, Rachel did not have a big appetite. She only had a few mouthfuls before feeling full. However, her curiosity had no limits. She observed Finnick for a moment before asking, “Finnick, right? What do you work as, may I ask?” 
“Mom!” Vivian shot her mother a look as though she was chiding her. 
“My dear girl, I am just concerned about you. After all, marriage is a major milestone in your life, and you got married before I woke up,” Rachel lamented softly. 
“It’s alright, Vivian.” In contrast to her awkwardness, Finnick presented himself as a calm, confident man. “Mrs. William, this is my name card.” 
Rachel took the name card and saw the words ‘Chief Executive Officer’ and ‘Shareholder’. Immediately, she froze. 
“Finnor Company… I’ve not heard of this company before.” She continued hesitantly, “What about your parents? What do they do?” 
By now, Vivian was panicking at the side. She desperately wanted to stop her mother, but Finnick already began to reply, “My parents are no longer around. My grandfather is Samuel Norton.”
“Samuel Norton? You mean the head of the Norton family?” Rachel asked. She looked extremely startled. 
Finnor Group was a new company that was set up in recent years, which was why she never heard of it before. But everybody in Sunshine City knew who Samuel Norton was. 
“Yes, indeed.” It was apparent that he did not intend to keep this from her. 
“So… You are… The son… of the Norton family?” Rachel stuttered as she tried her best to recall. 
He nodded. 
The color drained very quickly from Rachel’s face as she turned speechless. 
“Finnick?” Vivian obviously knew what her mother was thinking. She turned to her husband and said, “Finnick, I want to go home and take a shower. Can you drive me home? Wait for me in the car.” 
He nodded and said to Rachel, “Mrs. William, I will come again tomorrow. Please have a good rest.” 
Rachel nodded, still dumbfounded, as she watched Finnick leave the room. 
The moment he stepped out, she immediately looked back at her daughter. With a weak yet assertive voice, she said, “Vivian, you can’t be together with him. Get a divorce as soon as possible!” 
Vivian retreated slightly when she heard her mother. With a look of disbelief, she stared at her and asked, “Mom, what are you even talking about?” 
“I said you can’t be together with him.” She held onto her daughter’s hands and begged, “Look at where I am today. Haven’t you learned what’s going to happen to you if you marry a rich man? How do you know if he is truly in love with you? He might just be another version of your father and toy with your feelings!”
###Chapter 59
Chapter 59 
Vivian’s face turned pale gradually. “Mom, I can’t do that. We already registered our marriage.” 
“So what? Maybe he just needs a wife in name.” Rachel might have been in a coma for two years but she was not muddleheaded at all. “Otherwise, why would he marry an ordinary girl like you if he is such an eligible bachelor?” 
Vivian was rendered speechless. 
Her mother spoke the truth. Upon their marriage, Vivian knew immediately that Finnick only needed a wife in name. However, Rachel was oblivious that she married him to get citizenship in Sunshine City. The marriage was for mutual benefit, and no one had the right to criticize the other for their choices. 
“Mom.” She told her the truth. “Finnick treats me well.” 
She spoke from her heart. Even though they could not be counted as best friends, but Finnick indeed treated her well. He always appeared whenever she needed help, just like how he stepped in this time when her mother required surgery. 
“Vivian, how can you be so foolish! Men only treat you well because they want the fun.” Rachel was obviously very worried for her daughter. “Am I not the living example? I just want you to live an ordinary and happy life… I’m really afraid that you will follow in my footsteps and be abandoned by a man for life.” 
She began to sob silently as she spoke. 
Vivian felt hurt on behalf of her mother. She pulled her into an embrace and said, “Mom, you just had your surgery and can’t be upset. Let me tell you the truth. I married him to get citizenship and medical insurance. I don’t have any feelings for him.”
“Are you telling the truth?” Rachel stopped sobbing when she heard this and looked at her daughter. 
“Of course.” Vivian looked at Rachel and continued, “Mom, don’t you know me? Can’t you tell when I dislike a person?” 
Indeed, Rachel brought her up singlehandedly, and they only had each other all this while. Needless to say, she knew her daughter the best. It was obvious if Vivian liked someone, just like when she was together with Fabian. 
Finally, Rachel looked less worried. However, she still instructed her daughter, “Alright, but you have to promise that you will get a divorce when there’s an opportunity.” 
The truth was, Vivian never once thought of divorcing Finnick. She did not care why they got married, nor was she bothered by his identity. Since they were married now, she would not initiate a divorce unless Finnick wanted it. 
Now that she saw her mother begging her, she changed her mind and gave in. “Alright, I promise you, Mom.” 
Rachel breathed a sigh of relief, but she could not stop feeling sorry. “Vivian, it’s all my fault. Even if you divorce, it would still be hard for you to find a good man to marry next time…” 
Vivian blinked a few times before hugging her mother once more. “Mom, it’s alright. I’m happy as long as you are.” 
Later, she coaxed her mother to sleep. Just as she packed up and was ready to leave, she saw a file at the bedside table. 
I think Finnick brought it. Did he forget to take it back with him? 
She placed the file in her bag and left the ward.
Meanwhile, Finnick’s wheelchair was transported into the car. Noah, who sat at the passenger seat, asked him, “Mr. Norton, why were you gone for so long? I thought you went back to get a file.” 
Finnick remained silent. 
Out of curiosity, Noah turned around to look at him. However, all he saw was Finnick’s cold attitude, and instantly, he broke out in cold sweat. 
What is going on? Wasn’t Mr. Norton in a good mood earlier? Why did he have a mood swing just after retrieving a document? Goodness, he looks like he’s about to kill someone right now. 
After ten minutes, Vivian climbed into the car too. She held a file in her hand and asked, “Finnick, did you forget this in the ward?” 
He did not take the file over from her. Instead, he turned to stare deep into her eyes. No one could tell what he was feeling. 
The hairs on her arm stood at their end. Cautiously, she asked, “Finnick?” 
He continued to stare at the terrified woman in front of him. Her words rang in his ear once more. He had heard what she said when he returned for the file. 
I married him to get citizenship and medical insurance. I don’t have any feelings for him.
###Chapter 60
Chapter 60 
Huh. 
She is so honest to her mother. 
Even though he knew why the woman married him, he still felt irked and upset when he heard it for himself. 
Damn it. 
It seemed like this woman could now control how he felt. It was getting easier and easier to be affected by her words now. 
“Vivian.” Finnick still did not take the file from her. He continued with a cold voice, “Do you want a divorce?” 
Noah, upon hearing this, almost jumped in shock. In fact, he almost knocked the back of his head against the car window. 
Vivian was also startled. She looked at him in disbelief. “What are you talking about?” 
“Didn’t you marry me to get citizenship?” He spoke slowly and casually. “Since you have already gotten what you want, we can get divorced. You won’t lose your citizenship anyway.” 
Vivian’s face turned pale. 
H-He knows why I married him. 
Well, I probably can’t hide it from him. It is only natural for him to come to this conclusion since he found out about my mother.
As she looked into his dark eyes, she bit her lips and said in a low voice, “Well, didn’t you marry me to get something from me too? Will you divorce me if I’m useless to you one day?” 
Finnick did not expect her response and paused momentarily. 
Indeed, Vivian is not a foolish woman. She knows why I was in a hurry to get married. 
His eyes darkened and he spoke softly. “No.” 
Similarly, Vivian did not expect such a clear-cut response. She was stupefied. 
Noticing her shocked expression, Finnick added, “Since I married you, you will be my wife forever.” 
You will be my wife forever. 
Finnick spoke indifferently, but Vivian was so dumbstruck by his words that she could only stare at him in a daze. 
“So, Vivian, don’t ever think about leaving me.” He lowered his voice once more, and this time, he spoke to her in a more dominant and assertive tone. 
She never thought he would say this to her. A part of her was afraid of this man. 
Yet, another part of her felt butterflies in her stomach. 
She dared not look at his eyes and avoided his gaze. However, she still assured him, “Don’t worry. Since I married you, I will not betray you as long as you don’t divorce me. Nor will I divorce you too.” 
While her voice was soft, Finnick heard every word she said. Looking at her blushed cheeks, he felt the anger in him subside a little. 
Fine.
He knew that the woman married him initially because of her mother’s illness. 
It did not matter to him that she had no feelings for him now. 
Since they were married, he would conquer her one day. 
It was already evening when they reached home. Molly and Liam were not at home. 
Vivian did not know whether she over-thought it, but she always felt that Finnick did not like having them around even though he always acted politely towards them. 
“I suppose you haven’t eaten yet.” She removed her jacket, rolled up her sleeves, and walked into the kitchen. “Let me whip something up.” 
When she opened the refrigerator, she was stunned. 
She saw her spaghetti sitting on a plate in the fridge, wrapped neatly using cling wrap. 
“Have you eaten?” Finnick also stood up from the wheelchair and positioned himself behind her. 
“Yes, I have.” Vivian finally recollected herself. “Let me make you some steak then.” 
She was about to reach down for the frozen steak when Finnick stopped her. “It’s alright. I’ll just have the spaghetti from yesterday since I’ll be eating alone.” 
Then, he reached for the plate of leftover spaghetti and walked to the microwave. 
Vivian quickly caught up. “No, these are leftovers.” 
Finnick was picky about food, and Vivian dared not imagine him having the leftovers.
She snatched over the plate of spaghetti, but Finnick stretched his hand upwards and raised his brows. “Why can’t I eat this? I ate this yesterday night.” 
Finnick was already much taller than her. Now that his hand was so high up, there was no way she could reach the plate.
###Chapter 61
Chapter 61 
Vivian only remembered now that she had left the spaghetti Bolognese she made for lunch at home as she left in a hurry yesterday. 
She figured that Finnick must have eaten one of them and kept the other in the fridge. 
Vivian felt embarrassed. She perched on her toes and tried to reach for the serving of spaghetti Bolognese in Finnick’s hand. “You don’t have to eat the leftovers from yesterday. Since I’m here, I’ll make you something fresh.” 
Seeing Vivian struggling to get ahold of the spaghetti, Finnick only writhed his lips. Instead of lowering the plate of pasta in his hand, he bent down to face Vivian. 
Vivian was shocked by Finnick suddenly moving so close to her. She lost her balance and tripped over. Fortunately, Finnick was quick to react. With one scoop around her waist, he pulled her back upright. 
“Be careful,” Finnick muttered under his breath. “No need to make me anything. I really like your spaghetti.” 
For some reason, Vivian blushed at Finnick’s words even though they were nothing special. Perhaps it was because of his deep and husky voice. 
“If you like my spaghetti then let me make you more.” Vivian was afraid that Finnick would notice her queasiness and lowered her head. “Leftovers are not healthy to eat.” 
“It’s not like I eat leftovers all the time.” Finnick slowly let go of Vivian’s waist and popped the spaghetti into the microwave. “I don’t want to waste food, especially since you made it.”
Vivian knew she wouldn’t win Finnick in banter and backed off. She watched as Finnick remove the heated spaghetti from the microwave and ate it slowly. 
Finnick looked elegant while he was consuming the plate of spaghetti. Even though it was just homemade food, he acted as if he was eating a Michelin three-star meal. 
“Hey,” Vivian, who sat opposite Finnick, spoke hesitantly with her two hands clasped together. “I will try to pay you back the money for my Mom’s surgery and medicine.” 
Finnick’s eyes narrowed at Vivian’s words. He was in the middle of twirling a few strands of spaghetti into a ball. 
“Vivian.” Finnick swallowed the food inside his mouth and uttered with his deep voice, “Did you forget the promise you made me yesterday?” 
“Yesterday?” Vivian was stumped. Then, she suddenly recalled what Finnick was talking about. “Oh, you mean the promise I made to come to you if I ever need help?” 
“Yep.” Finnick shifted his gaze to Vivian’s face. “I thought we are close enough for me to help you?” 
Finnick’s eyes were like scalpels that could dissect Vivian’s mind right away. At that moment, Vivian felt as if she was standing naked in front of him. She replied shyly, “It’s not that I don’t think we aren’t close enough. I just don’t like owing others.” 
Vivian bit her lips determinedly as she tried to keep her head cool. 
At that moment, Finnick was a friend to her. Still, Vivian could not let herself be indebted to others. 
Finnick kept what he initially wanted to say to himself when he saw the conviction in Vivian’s eyes.
“If you really want to repay me…” Finnick’s eyes shifted to the spaghetti ahead and had an idea. “It’s okay if you don’t pay me the money. I am in no need of it anyway. You can repay me in some other ways instead.” 
“How else can I repay you then?” Vivian was flummoxed as she couldn’t figure out what Finnick needed. He was a man who had everything. 
“Food.” Finnick gave Vivian a terse answer. “If you really want to repay me, just cook for me.” 
Vivian gaped her eyes. She couldn’t believe her own ears. 
“Huh? That’s all you want?” Vivian was dumbfounded. “But my cooking isn’t that great.” 
Vivian admitted that her cooking was only mediocre at best. Her cooking was a far cry from Molly’s excellent cooking. 
Finnick is such a picky eater. Why will he want me to cook for him? 
“What’s wrong?” Finnick arched one brow. “Do you not want to cook for me?” 
“Of course not,” Vivian replied in a hurry. “But my Mom’s hospital bills cost sixty thousand. How many meals do I have to make to cover that?” 
“What do you think?” Finnick threw the question back at Vivian. 
Vivian was at a loss for words.
###Chapter 62
Chapter 62 
Even at a regular restaurant, a meal would only get as expensive as a few hundred. Vivian was pretty sure that she needed to make at least a hundred meals to repay her debt. 
“Around a hundred?” Vivian replied warily. 
Finnick was entranced by the seriousness on Vivian’s face as she mulled. Unwittingly, he smiled a little. “Alright, a hundred meals it shall be.” 
“Then what do you prefer?” 
“I don’t know,” Finnick replied slowly. “Just cook whatever you are best at.” 
“No, that won’t be fair to you.” Vivian thought that she had to cater to her client’s needs if each meal costed around six hundred as she had calculated. “The number of dishes that I know how to make are very limited. How about I show you what recipes I have tomorrow? I’ll let you have a tester of those recipes too.” 
“Alright then.” Finnick’s lips curled up even more. 
The next day, Finnick had a meeting early in the morning although it was the weekend. When he left home, the sun was barely visible in the sky. 
After waking up, Vivian got a few recipes from the internet and started to work on them. 
From her few days of observation, she noticed that Finnick liked his food spicy. Thus, she decided to try out the recipes for beef chili, buffalo wings, and sriracha grilled tofu.
After working her sweat off for an entire afternoon, Vivian was finally done with the beef chili. She took a picture of it and sent it to Finnick on WhatsApp to see whether he liked it. 
Inside the meeting room of Finnor Group. 
The managers from each department were taking their turns to report their results. 
“That sums up our outcome for this quarter.” The middle-aged man wiped the sweat off his forehead as he spoke with his heart in his throat, “Are you satisfied with it, Mr. Norton?” 
Finnick’s slender fingers flipped through the documents in his hand. There was a bleak expression on his face. “Do you really think I’ll be satisfied with this kind of results?” 
Everyone was covered in cold sweat. 
“M-May I know what is the problem?” 
“Everything,” Finnick spat bluntly before tossing the document back at his employee. He uttered without an expression on his face, “Redo.” 
The whole room fell silent. 
That was Finnick Horton. His disability did not impede his career ambitions. His sharp decision-making skills and accurate judgment were what transformed into a powerhouse. 
“Yes, Mr. Norton!” The middle-aged man trembled as he returned to his seat with the document. Just as the next manager was about to make his report, someone’s phone sounded. 
Beep! 
The crisp notification ringtone broke the silence of the room.
Everyone’s face was as white as paper. They exchanged glances with each other in anxiety. 
Who’s so daring to not put their phone on silent during a meeting? 
As everyone was still trying to read each other’s expression, Finnick nonchalantly looked at his phone screen that lit up. 
The WhatsApp message that came in seconds ago was from Vivian. She sent a few pictures. 
Finnick swiped across the screen to unlock his phone. He saw the few dishes Vivian made and also a message from her. 
Which one of this would you like? 
At the end of the sentence was a quirky emoji. 
Inside the meeting room, everyone realized that the phone that beeped earlier belonged to Finnick and not anyone else. 
They exchanged a glance with one another in disbelief. 
Finnick was a workaholic. He only used his phone for work purposes. Everyone was thrown off by the fact that such a man was checking his WhatsApp in a meeting. 
Before everyone could recover from the shock, something even unbelievable happened. 
Finnick’s thin lips were curled upwards. 
Everyone caught Finnick’s slight smile and felt as if they were struck by lightning. Their eyes widened in astonishment.
Our tiger boss is smiling? 
Many of them in the room had been with Finnick since the day the Finnor Group was founded but never had they seen their boss smiling. 
Meanwhile, Vivian was still busy with her cooking in the kitchen. She was completely oblivious about the explosive impact the pictures she sent had caused at Finnor Group. After flipping through a few recipe books, her phone beeped. 
She hurriedly checked her phone and saw that she received a message from Finnick: All of them. 
Vivian thought to herself, Tsk, how greedy! Vivian writhed her mouth and ate the last piece of buffalo wings she made earlier. She was going to make Finnick a fresh batch later. 
At night, when Finnick returned home, he was greeted by a tableful of scrumptious dishes. He peeped inside the kitchen and saw the dainty woman still busying herself. 
It was an ordinary scene in any household, but to Finnick, it was oddly comforting.
###Chapter 63
Chapter 63 
“You’re back?” Vivian noticed Finnick Norton and scurried out of the kitchen. “Hurry up and clean your hands! I think I made too much. Just finish whatever you can. If you can’t finish them, I’ll pack them up into a bento for you to take to the office.” 
“It’s fine,” Finnick replied as he settled in his seat. “I can finish it.” 
Vivian did not trust Finnick’s words. The amount of food on the table could feed more than four people. There were only the two of them in the house. 
It was soon proven that Vivian had underestimated Finnick’s capacity. For some reason, he seemed to have a voracious appetite that day. Finnick wolfed down everything Vivian prepared. 
Vivian was stupefied. She had had many meals with Finnick before but this was the first time she saw him eating so much as if he was a champion at an eating competition. 
The next day was Sunday. Vivian spent the whole day researching recipes and preparing food for Finnick. 
Soon, it was Monday, and Vivian had to go to work. 
Vivian used to enjoy going to work, but ever since Fabian became the Chief Editor, going to work was like jumping into the fierce waters of the Nile river, except that she was drowning in work instead of water. 
As soon as she sat down, Lesley Jenson, the senior editor at Glamour Magazine strode to her in a rush. “Vivian, I have to interview someone this afternoon. Sort these documents out for me ASAP and send it to the Chief Editor’s office.”
Vivian received the documents and furrowed her brows. “Hey Lesley, I have to prepare for tomorrow’s interview later in the afternoon. Is it okay if you pass this to someone else to work on?” 
Before Lesley could even reply, Shannon’s voice came out of nowhere in an abrupt manner. “Vivian, is it me or have you been acting funny lately? Pfft, don’t act as if we don’t know your relationship with Mr. Norton. For whom are you putting on that act?” 
Vivian was taken aback by Shannon’s sudden rebuke. She knitted her brows at the girl who was on the same rank as her in the company. “Shannon, what are you talking about?” 
“Huh, what am I talking about? Looks like someone here doesn’t want to admit it.” Shannon sneered and slanted her eyes at Vivian. “You think all of us are blind?” 
Vivian wanted to defend herself, but she noticed her colleagues were peeking at her as she unwittingly swept her eyes across the room. Those eyes were filled with suspicion and derision. 
Vivian could feel herself stung by a million needles. 
She was very familiar with the glares that she received. They reminded her of the unfriendly stares her lecturers and classmates on campus gave her for an incident that happened two years ago. 
Vivian bit her lips. She didn’t know what to say. Thus, she sat down and swiftly finished organizing the files she was tasked with. Then, with everyone’s attention on her, she strode to Fabian’s office and knocked on the door. 
“Come in.” 
Fabian’s languid voice came behind the door. Vivian pushed the door ajar and walked through it. 
Fabian zoned out for a few seconds when he saw Vivian. The latter hurriedly placed the organized documents on his table. “Mr. Norton, here are the documents you asked for. If there’s nothing else, I’ll
take my leave.” 
As soon as Vivian was done speaking, she turned around and headed for the exit. But before she could reach the door, Fabian’s metallic voice rang out from behind. 
“Vivian, stand where you are.” 
Vivian halted in her steps unwillingly. Without turning her head around to face Fabian, she asked monotonously, “Mr. Norton, is there anything else I can help you with before I leave?” 
“What’s with that attitude?” Fabian’s tone grew even colder. He sauntered to Vivian and questioned her, “Are you avoiding me?” 
“Yes,” Vivian answered straight to the point. 
For some reason, Vivian’s frankness stirred up rage in Fabian. 
Yet, when Fabian saw the lack of vigor on Vivian’s face, his tone softened as he figured she must have been taking care of her mother. “Vivian, how’s your mother?” 
Fabian was not fond of Vivian’s mother who was somebody else’s mistress. Nonetheless, he still respected her as Vivian’s mother, since he had met her a few times when he was dating Vivian. He only asked about her well-being out of courtesy. 
Fabian’s question caught Vivian off guard. The light in her eyes wavered a bit, but she soon got back to herself. “She’s doing fine. Thank you.” 
Fabian noticed the tension in Vivian’s expression and hesitated before he spoke, “I heard that you are in need of money for your mother’s medical bills. Have you seen the text I sent you…”
“Mr. Norton,” Vivian didn’t wait for Fabian to finish his words before she interjected. “If there’s nothing else, I’ll get back to work.”
###Chapter 64
Chapter 64 
Vivian marched out of Fabian’s office before the latter could make a reply. 
Only when she reached the corridor outside did she pause to sigh. 
Vivian wondered what had gotten into the mind of Fabian. Not only did he stop shaming her, but he was asking about her mother’s well-being. 
Vivian discovered that no matter how viciously Fabian talked her down, he still cared for her, and Vivian wasn’t very comfortable with that. 
Vivian made up her mind that she was better off treating her ex-lover as stranger. 
Now that Vivian was done with Fabian, she went to Sarah to ask her out for lunch. 
Meanwhile, Fabian froze in his original spot as he watched Vivian leave his office. 
At that moment, he wasn’t even sure how did he feel about Vivian. 
Fabian thought he despised that woman with an unreadable mind. But last week, when he heard that she was only trying to get money for her mother’s illness, he was overridden by remorse. 
Having dated Vivian for so long, Fabian knew how important was Rachel William to Vivian. 
It prompted him to send a message to Vivian on WhatsApp asking her whether she needed money. 
However, Vivian didn’t reply to his text. 
Does she already have enough money? Did she get it from those boy toys of hers?
Fabian felt like he was going to lose his mind. The thought of Vivian sleeping with other men for money infuriated him. 
He could feel a slow rage brewing within him. He loosened his tie in frustration and stomped to his desk. He dialed in a number on the phone. “Help me look up which hospital is Rachel William in.” 
Fabian was enlisting the help of the Norton family’s men who were incredibly efficient. A few hours later, they called Fabian and informed him about Rachel’s whereabouts. 
Half an hour after the phone call, Fabian came to the First Hospital in S City with a bouquet of lilies. 
Fabian’s eyes gleamed when he found the private ward Rachel was in. 
He knew that there was no way Vivian could afford to pay for a private room in the hospital with the soaring medical fees nowadays. 
Which guy is helping him? 
Damn it! 
Fabian repressed the rampant thoughts in his mind and knocked on the door. A frail voice of a woman came from inside. “Come in.” 
Fabian entered the room and was stunned by the sight of a pallid and skinny woman on the bed. “Ms. William…” 
In his memory, Rachel was a gorgeous woman who attracted men wherever she went. She was so pretty that Fabian didn’t find it a surprise that she was a mistress. 
But right now, he almost could not recognize the woman in front of himself.
“Fabian?” Rachel was also astounded by Fabian showing up at her door. The next instant, glee crept onto her face. “It’s been a long time since I last met you, Fabian! You look even more charming than you were! Have a seat!” 
Fabian sat down next to Rachel and started a conversation with her. Rachel was always fond of Fabian whom she claimed to have ‘come from a humble background’. As they chatted, Rachel unknowingly brought up the past. 
“Oh, you were so nice to Vivian back then!” There was a hint of regret in Rachel’s eyes. “Sigh, who knew the two of you couldn’t make it till marriage. Imagine the surprise I had when I woke up from my two-year coma and found out that Vivian is married to…” 
Fabian’s ears perched up right away when he heard Rachel’s words. His face twisted as he intervened, “Who did Vivian marry?” 
Rachel was dumbfounded by Fabian’s question. “Wait, you don’t know who married Vivian?” 
“I have just returned from abroad not long ago,” Fabian slurred through his words. “I haven’t heard anything about her marriage.” 
“Oh, I see.” Rachel’s eyes lost their shine. “Hmm, it’s so hard to believe that there’s still someone who doesn’t know about their marriage given how famous Vivian’s husband is. Perhaps, he purposely tried to keep it low-key.” 
Rachel’s words got Fabian worked up. He frowned and questioned, “So who is Rachel’s husband?” 
Rachel thought Fabian was just genuinely curious about Vivian’s life. She answered tactlessly, “Don’t you know? It’s Finnick, the president of the Finnor Group. He’s also from the Norton family. How come you don’t know anything about it? Honestly, I am kind of worried.”
Rachel blabbered on, completely unaware of how pale Fabian’s face was at the moment. 
Finnick? 
Vivian’s husband is Finnick? 
“That’s impossible!” Fabian blurted out loud. He jumped up from his seat. “You must have mistaken! How could Vivian have married Finnick?”
###Chapter 65
Chapter 65 
Rachel didn’t expect such a dramatic reaction from Fabian and was taken aback. Still, she continued as if she could relate to Fabian, “Yeah, I was equally as shocked when I heard about Vivian’s marriage to Finnick. Sigh, what were you doing back then, Fabian?” 
Fabian could no longer continue the conversation with Rachel. He ran out of the room and sped all the way back to his office. 
Meanwhile, at the magazine company, Vivian and Sarah were eating the sandwiches they bought in the pantry. While Vivian ate, she was scrolling her phone for recipes to make for Finnick. Her friend Sarah glanced at her from time to time as she munched on her sandwich with a blank expression. 
“Shoot your questions, Sarah,” Vivian said with her eyes still on her phone. She already noticed earlier that Sarah had something on her mind. 
Sarah’s face flushed red at once. She replied gingerly, “Oh, it’s nothing big. It’s just that there have been these rumors going on in the office about…” 
“About me and Fabian?” Vivian raised one brow. 
“It’s more than that.” Sarah bit her lips and mustered her courage to continue, “Okay, so Shannon and I saw you getting off a luxury car just a few days ago. That time, everyone was already saying that you have a special thing going on with the Chief Editor. Then, Shannon also added that she has a few friends from Z College who said that…” 
Vivian felt her heart skip a beat when she heard the word ‘Z College’. 
It was the reason why she left H City for the bustling Sunshine City. She really needed to leave her bad rap behind to start a new life.
But to her mishap, no matter where Vivian went, her past would be brought up. 
Vivian finished the last bite of her sandwich and laughed light-heartedly. “What did they say about me? That I pimped myself out for cash? Or that I was dating Fabian back on campus?” 
Sarah was surprised by Vivian’s bluntness. Her expression became even more awkward as she hurried on to answer, “Vivian, never will I think that you are that kind of person!” 
Vivian was touched by Sarah’s kind words. “Thank you so much for believing in me, Sarah.” 
After lunch, Vivian headed back to her office. Right away, she could spot a few of her colleagues talking about her. 
Vivian merely put on a care smile. 
Two years ago, she could never have survived such slanders and insults. But now, she was bulletproof. She knew that she couldn’t do anything about it and decided to just ignore them. Vivian was aware that she did nothing wrong. 
At this thought, Vivian sunk into her seat and started to prepare for tomorrow’s interview. Out of the blue, a loud bang came from the office door as a silhouette bolted past. 
Vivian raised her head in puzzlement and saw Fabian’s contorted face as he strode in her direction. He growled, “Vivian, see me in my office now.” 
Vivian furrowed her brows. She wanted to reject his request, but she didn’t want to blow up the ticking timebomb in Fabian. 
Everyone in the office was now staring at Vivian with an even muddled expression dawned on their faces. A reckless Shannon showed up and snorted, “Wow, what was that? Is Mr. Norton trying to
rekindle his old flame with you? Pfft, leave that poor man alone. You were the one who cheated on him back then. Don’t toy with his feelings anymore.” 
Vivian glared at Shannon before striding off to Fabian’s office. 
Upon entering Fabian’s office, Vivian could see Fabian pacing in front of his desk. 
It was a familiar scene to Vivian. Back in college, Fabian would always pace in his room whenever a stressful situation was coming up. 
“Mr. Norton,” Vivian took the initiative to speak after reading the mood in the room. “What’s the matter?” 
Fabian halted in his steps and glowered at Vivian. He uttered through his teeth, “Vivian William. Oh, pardon me. Perhaps I should call you Vivian Norton instead, now that you are married to Finnick.” 
Vivian could feel the world around her fade out as blood drained from her face.
###Chapter 66
Chapter 66 
“H-How did you…” Vivian William stammered as her lips trembled. Before she could finish her sentence, Fabian Norton stomped up to her and held her by her shoulders. 
“It’s not important at all how I found out about it!” Fabian was even more incensed as Vivian did not deny her marriage to Finnick, which meant that it was not fake news. “Why didn’t you tell me about it? What will you get from hiding your marriage from me?” 
Fabian recalled the time he brought Vivian to meet Finnick and introduced Vivian to his uncle. Fabian figured they must have had a good laugh about his ignorance about their current relationship. 
Vivian couldn’t stand the crushing grip of Fabian on her shoulders anymore. She howled, “Fabian Norton! Please chill the hell down! I didn’t intend to hide my marriage from you. It’s you who have never asked me about it in the first place!” 
Fabian noticed the grimace on Vivian’s face and realized he was hurting her. Immediately, his steam died down. 
He let go of Vivian in an instant and staggered as he fell onto the sofa. He dug his fingers into his hair and hugged his head while he muttered, “Why did you marry Finnick? Why did you cheat on me two years ago?” 
Vivian could feel her heart ache seeing Fabian in that wretched state. 
Until now, she could still remember the young man in a white T-shirt who would deliver breakfast to her doorsteps every day with a big grin and two shallow dimples on his cheeks. In front of her dorm, the boy would shout out loud, “Good morning, Vivian William!” 
Vivian wondered how did her relationship with that cheerful boy came to this.
Vivian bit her lips as she tried to hold back her tears. 
She thought her hatred for Fabian was deep-rooted, but seeing his misery now, she could not bring herself to loathe him anymore. 
Fabian did not live an easy life. Born with a silver spoon in his mouth, he suffered from a lot of humiliation and heartache. He had a lot of inner demons to deal with. 
At that moment, Vivian wanted to console Fabian and tell him the truth about how she didn’t cheat on him. However, what Fabian said next shattered that kind intention of hers. 
“Vivian William!” Fabian raised his head and revealed his bloodshot eyes. “Why do you love money so f**king much! For money, you are willing to marry Finnick even though he’s crippled?” 
The color on Vivian’s face faded away. She stared at Fabian in disbelief and responded with a shaky voice, “W-What are you talking about?” 
“Is there anything you won’t do for money?” Fabian rose from the sofa and walked closer to Vivian with a threatening aura. “You cheated on me because of money, right? You did whatever you could to hook yourself up with my uncle because of his fortune, right? How impressive, Vivian!” 
Vivian looked daggers at the man in front of her as if she had never seen him before. 
“Say something, Vivian!” Fabian edged in closer to Vivian as she remained silent. “If you knew I am also from the Norton family, would you have married me too?” 
For some reason, Fabian could feel an unquenchable ball of fire churning in him every time the thought of Vivian marrying Finnick struck him.
“Do you regret it now that you know I am also from the Norton family? I’m physically fine, unlike that crippled uncle of mine.” The rage in Fabian took control of his mind and made him insult his uncle. “Also, my Dad said, after Finnick got into the accident, not only was his legs crippled, but he has also lost what made him a man. Vivian, I am truly impressed by how determined you are to get your hands on his money! So you’re willing to live a life without sex as long as you have…” 
“Fabian shut the f**k up!” Vivian screamed at the top of her lungs. It was the last straw.
###Chapter 67
Chapter 67 
She could not understand her calm reaction when Fabian hurled insults at her. In contrast, she was furious when Fabian insulted Finnick. 
Whenever Vivian thought of Finnick, the perfect man, sitting in a wheelchair and how his eyes revealed the sense of loneliness subconsciously; she could not help herself but loathe Fabian. 
Finnick was forced to hide his talents and pretended to be disabled for ten years because of his terrible family. 
Fabian was stunned as he did not expect Vivian to react this way. 
Vivian no longer wanted to spare him another glance when he paused. 
“Fabian, I know this is weird for you because you thought Finnick and I had a forbidden relationship. But the truth is, we’re a lawfully wedded couple, and I’d know better if he’s able to perform behind closed doors, so mind your business,” she spoke coldly. 
With that, she slammed Fabian’s office door heavily as she left without looking at him once more. 
Fabian was alone in office when she left. He stood there blankly as if his soul left his body. 
He was only brought back to reality when his cellphone rang. 
He picked up the phone and saw the caller ID; it was Ashley. A sense of irritation slowly crept to him unknowingly. 
“Hello, what is it?” he asked impatiently. 
“Fabian, are you busy right now?” Ashley responded sweetly.
“No, I’m fine. What’s up?” 
“Oh, it’s nothing important. I just realized that our wedding has been decided, yet I haven’t met your grandfather… Don’t you think I should meet him since he is the head of the Norton family?” 
Fabian was impatient and intended to reply “Some other time, okay?”, but his eyes shone at a sudden thought. 
“You’re right. Not only my grandfather, but you should also meet my aunt, my uncle, and the rest of the Norton family members,” he replied in a calmer manner. 
“Really? When?” Ashley asked joyfully. 
“Soon, I guess. I’ll arrange a family dinner and invite everyone, and I’ll formally introduce you to them,” he replied as the corners of his mouth rose into an icy arc. 
… 
Once the clock struck six, Vivian could not wait to leave the office. 
As she stood up, she noticed many people whispering among themselves while glancing at her with a look of disdain. 
Vivian was irritated by Fabian and the people who loved to gossip. 
She wondered if it was time for her to switch job as her mother’s condition had stabilized. 
Vivian was lost in her thoughts the entire way home. When she arrived, she realized Finnick was already home. He was not seated in the wheelchair, instead, he was standing in the living room. 
“You’re home?” Finnick asked plainly.
Vivian looked around the house while taking off her shoes and asked, “Where’s Molly and Liam?” 
“Oh, I gave them a break.” 
“I see. Let me prepare dinner for you. What would you like to have?” Vivian asked as she walked into the kitchen. 
“Anything,” 
Vivian was exhausted after a day at work. She would have made a simple meal if it were just for herself. However, Vivian remembered her promise to pay off her debt with Finnick by cooking, so she dared not neglect him. Hence, she opted for a fancy dish of beef stew as her dinner menu. 
Her mind drifted to the annoying matters in the magazine company while she was chopping vegetables. She lost focus for a split second, and suddenly she felt a sharp pain in her fingers. 
“Ahhh…” 
She yelped as she retrieved her hand and noticed that she had accidentally cut her finger. 
“What happened?” Finnick’s voice rang behind her. Vivian turned and saw Finnick entered the kitchen. 
“It’s nothing. I have accidentally cut my finger. I’ll be fine once I put on a band-aid,” Vivian squeezed a smile. 
It was a small and shallow cut; hence there was not much blood. 
“Let me see.” Finnick ignored Vivian’s words as he grabbed her hand and began to examine her finger. She was slightly embarrassed to see Finnick with a stern look on his face.
“I’m fine. It’s just a small cut, I can handle it myself… Ahh, Finnick. What’re you doing?” she asked softly.
###Chapter 68
Chapter 68 
Finnick ignored Vivian as he quickly sucked on her finger. 
Vivian instantly felt a wave of electric current ran through her finger as a warm and moist sensation hit her. A tingling sensation had also spread all over her body within seconds. 
She could feel her cheeks heating up, yet she could not bring herself to look at Finnick’s handsome face. She was flustered and shifted her gaze before saying, “Finnick, it’s- it’s okay…” 
She was so nervous that she stammered upon her words. Then, Finnick let go of her hands and lowered his gaze to see her face as red as an apple. 
“Give me a second. I’ll go grab a band-aid.” He laughed lightly and left the kitchen. 
When Finnick left, Vivian felt that she could breathe again and quickly took a few deep breaths. 
Soon enough, Finnick returned with a band-aid in hand. He tore open the band-aid and carefully wrapped it around Vivian’s finger. His eyes shone brightly like obsidian stones that were filled with seriousness. It seemed like he was looking at some precious item instead of a wounded finger. 
When he had carefully put on the band-aid, he eyed the kitchen and frowned. “There you go. Maybe we should save cooking for another time. Why don’t we order some takeout tonight?” 
Vivian could not think straight as she was filled with embarrassment. Hence, she agreed with everything Finnick had said. 
The couple entered the living room as Finnick began scrolling through the takeout website. He furrowed his eyebrows and asked, “What would you like to have?”
“Anything will do.” 
Finnick nodded as he typed away on his laptop. 
At this moment, Finnick’s cellphone rang on the coffee table. 
Finnick did not lift his head, but asked casually, “Who is it?” 
Vivian glanced at the caller ID and answered, “It’s Noah.” 
“Could you please turn on the speaker?” 
Vivian did as she was told, and moments later, Noah’s voice rang from the phone. 
“Mr. Norton,” Noah called. For some reason, he sounded a little excited. 
“Speak,” 
“I found a lead about the little girl from the past!” 
Vivian was stunned. The little girl from the past? 
Finnick’s expression changed slightly when he heard Noah’s words. He quickly asked, “What lead?” 
“It’s a photo that was taken around the place where the accident happened. Shall I send it to you?” 
“Yes, please.” 
After Noah hung up, Finnick resumed ordering the takeout. Vivian could not resist but asked with curiosity, “Err…who is the little girl Noah mentioned?” 
Finnick glanced sideways at Vivian.
He disliked others asking him questions about his personal matters and would have felt annoyed if it was someone else. However, he was a little happy as it was Vivian who asked. 
It seemed that this woman is curious about my matters? 
“I was saved by a little girl during the kidnap incident back in the days. Hence, I’ve been searching for her to repay her,” Finnick answered truthfully. 
The kidnap case? Vivian paused as she thought to herself. 
Was it the kidnap case that the public thought had led to Finnick’s disability? 
Vivian was a little curious, yet she could also guess how the kidnap case had affected Finnick. It was just like the incident that happened to her two years ago; it was a nightmare. Therefore, she did not ask further. 
The doorbell rang thirty minutes after Finnick had ordered the takeout. 
Vivian opened the door and saw a delivery boy standing nervously by the door and asked, “Hi, did you order pizza?” 
Vivian hesitated as she glanced at the box in his hands. 
“Someone ordered pizza?” 
“Yes,” The delivery boy answered nervously. It was clear that he had not made deliveries to the upper- class residential area before. Vivian quickly took the pizza, signed and said, “Thank you.” 
Vivian walked into the room with the pizza. She could not help but asked, “Finnick, do you like pizza?” 
Finnick paused when he saw the box in her hands, “That restaurant is a pizza place?”
“Yea. Why do you think it was?”
###Chapter 69
Chapter 69 
Finnick’s brow knitted as he turned his laptop towards Vivian. “This restaurant is called Flavors of Italy. I expected the entire set of dishes to be Italian cuisine. 
Vivian was instantly embarrassed. 
He was indeed the son of a wealthy family. Who would take restaurant names and dishes seriously nowadays? She thought to herself. 
“Most Italian restaurants that offer takeout would serve pizza like this,” Vivian said as she placed the pizza on the table, “Have you ever had pizza?” 
“Yes, I’ve tried charcoal grilled pizza when I traveled to Europe.” Finnick lowered his gaze and added, “But I haven’t tried pizzas served in a takeaway paper box like this.” 
“Well, there’s always the first time to anything right.” Vivian grinned while she tore a piece of pizza and handed it to Finnick. 
Finnick stretched out his hand to take the pizza. He took a bite and frowned slightly. “It doesn’t taste like the ones I’ve tried in the past.” 
“Haha, it’s not that bad to eat something like this occasionally,” Vivian replied in amusement. 
She tore a piece of pizza as she talked and began eating. 
In comparison to the exquisite dishes Molly prepared every day, she preferred simple food that suited her taste.
She recalled her university days when she would buy junk food like this at the snack street behind Z College with Fabian. Although those food were unhealthy, they enjoyed them. 
Finnick was dazed as he watched the woman before him devouring pizza with a big grin on her face. 
He suddenly realized, perhaps he didn’t know Vivian that well. 
Noah arrived while the couple was eating pizza. 
As he entered the room, his eyes widened in surprise when his gaze fell onto the pizza placed on the coffee table. 
As his personal assistant, Noah knew how particular Finnick was with his diet. Yet, he was eating pizza? 
He tried to mask his shocked expression and handed the envelope to Finnick. “Mr. Norton, these are the photos that I’ve found,” he reported respectfully. 
Vivian had pizza in her mouth and was thinking if she should leave the room. However, Finnick did not seem to mind her presence as he opened the envelope right away and took out the photos. 
Finnick frowned when he looked at the photos. “They are so blur.” 
Indeed, the photo was simply taken by a tourist. The picture had willows tree by the lake, and a girl in a red dress stood in the corner. Unfortunately, her face was muddled. 
“Excuse me, Mr. Norton. The picture was taken by someone who was at the location of the incident coincidently. But the time and the girl’s outfit matched your description. Hence, she should the girl you’re looking for.” 
Finnick picked up the photo as he drifted into his thoughts. Vivian looked at the photo out of curiosity.
Even though the girl’s appearance was blurry, she could tell that the girl was approximately fifteen years old. The clothes she wore were the clearest in the picture. She wore a red tutu dress that had a unique design. 
Vivian furrowed her eyebrow and blurted, “This skirt…” 
Finnick raised his eyebrows, “You recognized this skirt?” 
“It does look familiar,” Vivian bit her lip, thinking. “Oh, this dress! A heroine wore this dress in a cartoon I watched back in junior high school. It was a Disney limited edition. At that time, every girl dreamed of having one.” 
Noah suddenly thought of something and said, “Oh yes, speaking of which, the girl that you’re looking for is of similar age as you, Mrs. Norton?” 
Finnick’s kidnap incident happened ten years ago. Coincidently, Vivian was indeed fifteen years old ten years ago. 
“Do you have this dress too?” Finnick rose his eyebrows.
###Chapter 70
Chapter 70 
Vivian smiled bitterly, “This dress is limited-edition which costs a few thousand. I couldn’t afford that.” 
Finnick nodded as he placed the photos back into the envelope and said to Noah, “Considering it was a limited-edition dress, it shouldn’t be hard to find the authentic ones.” 
Noah nodded and left. 
Finnick and Vivian continued eating pizza. 
Vivian was unsure if she was overthinking, but she felt that Finnick had lost his appetite ever since Noah left. She glanced at him inadvertently a few times and noticed a blank expression on his face. 
Was he….thinking about the kidnap incident ten years ago? 
The media did not disclose many details as the Norton family intervened in the kidnapping case. It must have been a horrifying experience; if not, his legs would not have been severely injured. 
Vivian was staring at Finnick’s handsome side profile. Suddenly, she heard Finnick asked, “Do you like what you see?” 
Vivian was taken aback for a moment, only to realize that Finnick was referring to how she was staring at him. She quickly lowered her head as her face became hot. “I’m sorry,” 
Finnick let out a small laugh and did not say anything. They finished the pizza and Vivian went to take a shower. 
Vivian exited the bathroom while drying her hair after a relaxing shower. Yet, when she walked into the bedroom, she did not see Finnick. Instead, he stood by the balcony of the master bedroom, staring into
something in a daze. 
Vivian paused slightly before she took a few steps forward. She noticed Finnick was staring at a pendant. 
The pendant was a very delicate crystal necklace. Vivian could instantly tell that the beautiful necklace was designed for women. 
Vivian was surprised. 
Finnick…was staring at another woman’s necklace? 
Who was the owner of this necklace? Was it the woman that Finnick liked? 
For some reason, Vivian felt uneasy at the idea of Finnick liking another woman. 
She quickly shook her head and shrugged the weird feeling in her heart. 
Vivian, remember who you are and don’t cross the line. You know why Finnick married you, it was only for the title of a lawfully wedded couple. What else do you expect? 
Never desire the things that aren’t yours. As an illegitimate daughter, haven’t you learned this lesson since you were young? 
Vivian was pulled back into reality and laughed dryly before proceeding to dry her hair obediently. 
Finnick walked to her; the necklace he had in his hands earlier was kept away. “Fabian is organizing a party to introduce his fiancée to the family. Get yourself ready to attend the party with me,” he said calmly. 
Vivian’s hand froze as she stared at Finnick, who stood behind her from the mirror. She asked hesitantly, “Do I have to go?”
She caught sight of Finnick’s expression that went cold; she quickly responded, “Okay, I got it. I’ll go.” 
I can hide once, but I can’t hide all my life. It’s impossible for me to avoid Fabian and Ashley forever. 
Finnick’s expression softened and he nodded, “Don’t be nervous. I’ve hired someone to make a dress for you, so please remember to visit the boutique for a fitting tomorrow.” 
Vivian knew it was a big party with many guests. Although Ashley would be the star of the party, it was her first appearance as Finnick’s wife in public. It was vital for her to be cautious and create a good impression. Therefore, she nodded in agreement. 
The next day, Vivian ended her interview early and went to the boutique Finnick told her for her fitting. 
Vivian was a little wary as she had never stepped foot into such a place. Fortunately, Finnick sent Noah to accompany her as he was busy. 
“Mrs. Norton,” Noah called out. He waited by the entrance of the boutique beforehand. When he saw Vivian, he opened the door for her and said, “This way, please.” 
Vivian followed Noah into the boutique that was filled with exquisite decorations. There were many sales assistants and a few customers in the boutique. 
Vivian proceeded to the second floor, and a couple of pretty girls approached her to take her measurements. She raised her hands awkwardly and hoped all of this would end quickly. Suddenly, she heard a voice full of surprise… 
“Vivian?”
###Chapter 71
Chapter 71 
Surprised, she turned around and saw Ashley who had just walked up the stairs, looking at her with an equally astounded face. 
Vivian’s heart started thumping. 
What a small world! Must it meet Ashley here? 
This boutique provided the best tailoring service in the city. Ashley had come to custom-made her outfit for the party on the weekend but had she expected to see Vivian, the cheapskate here. 
“Vivian.” In her pinkish-orange high heels, she click-clacked over to Vivian and continued, “Why are you here? Is this a place a penny-pincher like you should come?” 
There was no one around so Ashley was even cockier than usual and every word she uttered to Vivian was as nasty as it could be. 
Vivian’s eyes flickered with a cold glint and before she could even respond, Noah stepped in front and spoke in a nonchalant tone, “Miss, please mind the way you’re speaking to Mrs. Norton .” 
“Mrs. Norton?” Ashley was utterly baffled but she was discerning enough to recognize that Noah was no ordinary man so she restrained herself from lashing out again. 
In the meantime, the salespersons working in the boutique had finished taking Vivian’s measurements. To avoid having anything to do with Ashley, Vivian quickly spoke, “Noah, let’s go.” 
With a nod, Noah glared at Ashley and escorted Vivian downstairs.
Seeing how Vivian had ignored her, Ashley stomped on the ground in rage, frightening the salesperson next to her who could only ask in a jittery manner, “Ms. Miller, are you ready to take the measurements?” 
It was only then Ashley came to her senses and turned to the salespersons and asked shrewdly, “Hey, do you know who was the woman just now?” 
Ashley was a patron of the shop so the salespersons were aware of her overbearing personality and afraid she would be displeased if they don’t tell her the truth. Plus, there was nothing to hide about Vivian’s identity, hence they replied frankly, “She’s Mr. Norton’s wife.” 
“Mr. Norton?” Ashley’s eyes widened in astonishment. “Which Mr. Norton?” 
“Mr. Finnick Norton of the Finnor Group.” 
Ashley was so shocked that she stumbled and nearly fell to the ground. 
Others might not know who Finnick was, but as Fabian’s fiancée, Ashley knew who he was too well. 
Finnick was Fabian’s uncle and the younger son of the Norton family. 
Ashley’s face was drained of color and she could not believe what she just heard. 
Isn’t Vivian married to a penniless pauper who couldn’t even afford a diamond ring? How does it turn out to be Finnick? 
All at once, she could not care less about making any gown and rushed downstairs with her purse in her hand. She got in the car and bellowed, “Send me to Glamour Magazine right now!” 
As soon as she reached her destination, Ashley dashed up to the floor where the magazine company was, and when the receptionist asked who she was looking for in a panic, she blurted out impatiently,
“I’m looking for your Chief Editor, I’m his fiancée.” 
Upon hearing that, the receptionist immediately led the way for Ashley to Fabian. 
Just as Ashley went into Fabian’s office, Vivian, under the escort of Noah, had also reached the ground floor of the building where the magazine company was located in. 
Immediately after Vivian arrived at the magazine company, she realized the atmosphere was unusually awkward. 
Everyone was not busy working on their assignments and instead, gathered in small groups around themselves, excitingly discussing about something, to which she had no idea. 
Seeing Vivian walked in, Shannon stood tall immediately and smirked, “Oh my goodness, Vivian. I’m surprised you still have the face to come back. Aren’t you afraid of getting caught?” 
Perplexed, Vivian frowned at what Shannon just said, and before she knew it, she was pulled to a corner by Sarah who whispered to her, “Vivian, do you know the Chief Editor’s fiancée is here?” 
Vivian was puzzled. 
Ashley’s here? 
What is she doing here?
###Chapter 72
Chapter 72 
Meanwhile, the air in the Chief Editor’s office was exceedingly tensed. 
Ashley was standing in front of Fabian’s desk with her pupils enlarged in fury as she shrieked, “Fabian, why didn’t you tell me that Vivian is your uncle’s newly married wife?” 
It was very much to Fabian’s surprise that Ashley had found out about Vivian’s identity. He was befuddled for a while but when he looked at the egotistical way Ashley behaved, an impatient gleam flashed across his eyes and he replied, “I didn’t keep you in the dark on purpose. It was just not something I’d deliberately mention out of the blue. Besides, they’d also attend the party on the weekend. Wouldn’t you have found out by then?” 
Ashley got even more irritated when he mentioned the party. 
“And you have the cheek to bring up the party on this weekend!” Ashley’s pitch turned even more ear- piercing. “Have you ever thought about how devastated I would be if I suddenly saw Vivian at the party? And how should I even address her?” 
Ashley had been spoiled by Harvey and Emma since young, as a result, she had always been very capricious. 
However, in order to get along well with Fabian, she had been trying to restrain her temper for the past six months. Yet, she was in a state of frenzy this time and could no longer suppress her wrath. 
All this was a result of her contempt for Vivian, especially when she realized how she thought she had shattered Vivian William, the person she despised the most in the world. Unfortunately, it turned out that Vivian had got on top of her and became Fabian’s aunt; therefore, she needed to vent!
“Fabian!” She got angrier. “Tell me the truth now! Did you knowingly hide this from me because you still care about Vivian? Are you waiting to see me get embarrassed on the weekend!” 
Fabian was extremely annoyed by Ashley but when he heard her last sentence, he regained his composure. 
“What are you talking about?” With a scornful laugh and a ruthless beam radiating from his eyes, he replied, “It’s still not time to tell who will be the one to feel embarrassed yet.” 
Though perplexed, Ashley had finally redeemed her cool. 
She furrowed her eyebrows and asked, “Fabian, what’s that supposed to mean?” 
“Don’t you think this is strange?” Fabian lighted a cigarette and started puffing on it. “How could the Norton family accept a woman like Vivian who had such a murky past two years ago?” 
Ashley was still confused but right in the next instant, it suddenly dawned on her the implication behind Fabian’s words and she was no longer irate. Instead, she became excited at once. “Fabian, are you saying that your uncle is still unaware of what happened two years ago?” 
“He’s aware.” Fabian’s face darkened unwittingly. 
Again, Ashley was stunned. “Then why did he still…” 
“The point is not about Uncle Finnick.” Fabian was increasingly irritated and he interrupted Ashley hastily. “It’s about my grandpa. For a veteran like him, virtue is what he values most in people. There’s no way for him to tolerate a woman with a stinking past like Vivian.” 
Ashley was instantly pleased. “Well then, Fabian, what have you prepared?” 
“I’m preparing to spill the truth about Vivian to Grandpa at the party this weekend.”
“That’s it?” A little disappointment crept on Ashley’s stunning face. 
Fabian frowned. “What are you suggesting?” 
Under the pointy glare of Fabian, Ashley laughed playfully. “I was simply asking.” 
In spite of everything, Ashley was relieved after knowing that Fabian was going to come after Vivian as well. 
Doesn’t that imply that Fabian has no more feelings for Vivian? 
Even though it’s a shame Vivian managed to hook up with Finnick, but Finnick is just a cripple after all. And by disclosing that incident from two years ago, Vivian might just be chased out by the Norton family. 
Ashley felt a lot better thinking of that. 
Realizing that she had lost her self-control just then, Ashley was a little rueful and she went up to Fabian. She sat on his lap ingratiatingly, and said, “Fabian, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have lost my temper. Are you mad at me?”
###Chapter 73
Chapter 73 
A strong scent of perfume drifted into his nose and Fabian grimaced unknowingly. 
Ashley was undoubtedly adorable. Which was exactly why he had chosen her among so many other women. 
However, since he returned to the country, he had become increasingly irritable with Ashley’s temper and it felt as though she had become more overbearing somehow. Even her perfume smelled unpleasantly strong. 
Unlike Vivian, regardless of whether it was when we were studying or now, there’s always a faint fragrance on her. It was the shower cream she used, indistinctive, but always refreshing… 
D*mn! 
Why am I thinking of this woman again! 
The more he looked at Ashley, the more peeved he got, so he pushed her away directly. “I still have a meeting to attend to. If you’re tired, you can rest here for a while. Just remember to close the door when you leave.” 
With that, he stood up and left the office, completely disregarding the pale-faced Ashley. 
Ashley clenched her fist tightly as she watched Fabian walking out of his office, and the fiery red fingernails of hers almost poked through her palm. 
Was it an illusion? She felt that ever since Fabian met Vivian, he had become more distant from her. 
Could it be that he isn’t completely over her?
No! 
It’s impossible! 
He was even ready to mortify Vivian. How can he still have feelings for her? 
Wait a minute. 
Is it possible that it’s actually Fabian’s plan to separate Finnick and Vivian so that she becomes single again? 
When this thought emerged in Ashley’s mind, her face turned even paler. 
Sh*t! 
No! There’s no way I’m leaving Vivian with any chance of turning around! 
Biting her lips, Ashley came up with a plot in her mind. 
… 
When Ashley left Fabian’s office, the staff in the magazine company couldn’t help but start another round of gossip. 
“Oh my goodness! So that’s the fiancée of our Chief Editor? She looks gorgeous and her fashion sense is fantastic as well.” Sarah was astonished and exclaimed in admiration. 
Vivian sat at her place; her gaze swept over Ashley and the gleam in her eyes darkened. 
That’s right. Ashley has always been very charming and her presence was just like a princess since young. She always looks stunning.
Comparing to her, I am just a nobody, always buried under her dazzling halo. 
Shannon who was sitting on the side heard Sarah and sneered, “Of course, that’s the distance between the legitimate fiancée and the third wheel. If I were you, Vivian, I would definitely back away.” 
Vivian shot a glare at Shannon and stood up abruptly. 
Shannon nearly jumped with fright and she took a step back. “Vivian, wha-what are you doing?” 
“Nothing.” Looking at the paper tiger’s frightened expression, the scornful curve on Vivian’s lips deepened. “I’m only preparing to clock out.” 
With that, she grabbed her purse on the desk and left the office. 
She was rather fortunate for when she came to the elevator, Ashley had already left, saving them from another awkward encounter. 
As soon as she reached home and stepped into the house, she could smell the delicious aroma wafting from the kitchen, and she knew at once that Liam and Molly had returned. 
She washed her hands before sitting down to have dinner together with Finnick. 
Not knowing why, Finnick seemed bothered and did not have much of an appetite even being served with a table full of Molly’s sumptuous cooking. He took some food for Vivian absentmindedly while saying, “I’m this weekend. Let me accompany you to visit your mom at the hospital.” 
Startled, Vivian answered anxiously, “You don’t have to do that.” 
Lifting his eyebrows, Finnick turned to look at Vivian. “Why?”
Vivian realized that her response was too curt and with embarrassment creeping on her face, she explained mindlessly, “My mom has just got a little better so she needs to rest well.” 
“I guess it’s some other reason than that.” It seemed to be crystal clear to Finnick. “It’s because your mom doesn’t want to see me.” 
Vivian’s hand which was holding the cutlery paused midair and she moved her lips. “Of course not.” 
“Why not?” Finnick was very calm. “I could feel it. Your mom doesn’t like me.” 
Vivian couldn’t think of anything to refute his statement, so she replied clumsily, “It’s not because of you. It’s mom being mom. She doesn’t like wealthy men.” 
Finnick was even more surprised. 
He had certainly run a background check on Vivian’s family and therefore, he was aware of the “mistress” or “third wheel” status of Rachel William. 
Finnick did not say anything but Vivian seemed to be able to read his mind. She laughed bitterly and asked, “You know I’m an illegitimate daughter, right? You must be thinking how could my Mom dislike wealthy men after getting together with Harvey.” 
Finnick remained silent. 
“The truth is, my Mom has never really been together with Harvey.”
###Chapter 74
Chapter 74 
Suddenly, Vivian’s expression darkened. “My mom and Harvey were studying in the same university. Harvey always fancied her but my mom didn’t feel the same way about him. Nevertheless, Harvey’s feelings for her never faded even after he got married. In fact, he even drugged and raped her. That’s how I was conceived. Although my mom hated Harvey, she felt that I was innocent, so she decided to keep me.” 
Finnick looked at Vivian as he had never heard about this from his previous investigations. 
“Emma was jealous of the feelings Harvey had for my mom, hence she spread rumors everywhere. She accused my mom of seducing Harvey and declared that she was his mistress. As my mom didn’t have any connections in high society, there was no way she could defend herself. All she could do was to bring me up by herself while enduring the smear on her reputation. 
As Vivian recounted the past, her fist clenched unwittingly while her eyes were filled with hatred. 
She absolutely despised Harvey. Unfortunately, there was no way she could change the fact that he was her biological father. 
Lowering his gaze toward Vivian, Finnick held up her clenched fist and gently pried open her fingers one by one. 
Vivian was caught by surprise. She raised her head to look at him as she smiled awkwardly. “I’m sorry, did I lose my composure?” 
“You didn’t.” Despite his calm facade, Finnick’s eye emitted a much gentler vibe than usual. “I’m happy that you are sharing all this with me.” 
It really meant a lot to him.
In truth, it wasn’t hard for him to find out about the matter if he really wanted to. But, when Vivian related it to him personally, it carried a lot more weight. 
Giving Finnick a puzzled look, Vivian couldn’t help but laugh. “You really are one strange man.” 
Finnick responded with a faint smile without commenting. 
True to her words, he did find himself acting increasingly strange ever since he got to know Vivian. 
The next few days were calm and uneventful. 
Finally, the weekend arrived and it was time for the Norton family’s dinner party. 
On that day, Vivian was up very early. However, the makeup artist and hairstylist had already arrived. After spending a whole day working on her, they finally completed her makeover. 
As for Finnick, he was already prepared well ahead of time and waited quietly in the living hall. 
Soon, he heard the crisp footsteps of walking heels. Raising his gaze, he was stunned when he saw Vivian walking down the stairs gradually. 
The last time she wore a gown to see the Norton family, she had already surprised him once. 
This time, he was even more astounded. 
Vivian was wearing a rose-gold-colored full-length dress. The tapered cut of her dress accentuated all her curves while its bareback showcased the beautiful curvature of her back. 
Her hair was tied in a bun while her makeup looked natural instead of being ostentatious, allowing her exquisite features to outshine.
Nevertheless, Vivian still wasn’t used to walking in heels. Holding the edge of her skirt, she carefully descended the steps. There, she saw Finnick looking at her with glistening eyes. 
Blushing bashfully, she asked softly, “How do I look?” 
Just a moment ago, she too was shocked when she saw herself in the mirror. 
She was a girl after all. Being dolled up and dressed in a beautiful gown was certainly something she looked forward to. However, ever since she was young, all she could do was watch Ashley enjoy this privilege. As for her, she could only wear a white T-shirt and jeans while watching Ashley mesmerize everyone else. 
However, today was different. Finally, she knew that she too had the opportunity to look gorgeous. 
Unable to peel his eyes off Vivian, Finnick laughed softly and didn’t answer her question. Instead, he grabbed her wrist and gave her a gentle tug. 
“Ah!” 
Vivian could hardly maintain her balance in her heels. Hence, when Finnick pulled her into his embrace, she fell right onto his lap on the wheelchair.
###Chapter 75
Chapter 75 
Both of them were so close to each other that a few strands of Vivian’s stray hair touched Finnick’s neck. Finnick circled his hands around her waist and whispered, “You look so gorgeous that I don’t even dare to take you out with me.” 
Vivian was surprised to hear Finnick flirt with her given that he was a man of few words. She was speechless as she blushed unwittingly. 
Finnick chuckled before wheeling both of them out of the villa and got into the car. 
Once they settled in, the driver drove them towards the Norton family’s villa. 
Along the journey, Vivian couldn’t help but feel nervous. 
After all, she will see Fabian and Ashley later. Moreover, just the thought that there would be a lot of people at the party caused her to worry that she would embarrass herself. 
Detecting the tension in her smile, Finnick seemed to have guessed what was going through her mind. He asked softly, “Are you nervous?” 
“Yes,” Vivian admitted. “I’m worried about embarrassing you.” 
“How can you embarrass me when you look so pretty?” Finnick let out a faint smile. “Have you attended a party like this before?” 
“No.” To calm her nerves, Vivian began to talk more. “But, I did work as a waitress at such events during my university days to pay for my tuition. At that time, I was envious of all those girls dressed in beautiful gowns. I even wondered if I would ever get a chance to attend a party like that someday.”
Finnick chuckled in response. “So, I guess your dream has come true?” 
“You can put it that way.” Vivian laughed along with him. “After work, I would practice the dance steps I saw the ladies performed discreetly. So that when I have the opportunity to attend a party of my own, I could dance just as elegantly…” 
Suddenly, Vivian realized she had said something wrong and stopped abruptly. After which, she looked at Finnick anxiously. 
Damn it. I was being careless. 
I have forgotten that he is a cripple in front of others and can’t dance. What I did simply rubbed salt into his wounds. 
In contrast to Vivian’s anxiety, Finnick was calm and there wasn’t the slightest change in his smile. He replied casually, “Is that so?” 
Vivian no longer dared to say anything else and remained silent till they arrived at their destination. 
Finnick slid out of the car before offering his hand to help Vivian out. 
After carefully alighting, Vivian was astounded when she saw the villa in front of her. 
It was a huge villa and there were many luxury cars parked right in front. Numerous handsome young men and beautiful women streamed out from the cars and entered the building. 
Suddenly, Vivian was a little distracted. 
So, this is the sort of party they are having. It looks exactly like those I saw on TV. 
As she was dazed by the magnificence of the occasion, she let Finnick lead her into the villa.
Along the way, they met a lot of people who were mostly either members of the Norton family or their associates. As everyone was aware of his status, they were greeted politely with respectful smiles. “Mr. Norton.” 
Despite their cordial attitude, Finnick could feel the curious stares coming from everyone around them. 
As for Vivian, she tried her best to ignore the stares and followed Finnick closely as they entered the villa. 
Inside, the dining hall where the party was held was huge. Its decorations were luxurious yet tasteful. While Finnick led Vivian to the main table, she could see Fabian and Ashley from afar. 
Fabian was dressed in a tapered grey suit and looked dashing in it. Meanwhile, Ashley wore a bright yellow full-length dress which made her looked like a blooming flower. 
“Hey, Finnick, you’re here!” 
The first to see Finnick and Vivian was a man who sat beside Fabian. He appeared close to fifty years old and had well-defined features. However, his eyes looked as if they had seen too much which made one feel uncomfortable. 
Immediately, Vivian could guess that he must be Mark, Finnick’s brother and also Fabian’s father. 
Mark quickly shifted his attention to Vivian and smiled knowingly at her. “This must be Ms. William. I’ve heard a lot about you. Come, please have a seat.” 
After Vivian settled down together with Finnick at the table, he began to introduce everyone there to her after which she greeted them one by one.
The first was obviously his grandfather, the elder Mr. Norton. Although Vivian had met him before, she didn’t leave a good impression then. Hence, she knew had to do better this time. 
The elder Mr. Norton snorted in response and hardly said a word. 
Next, Finnick introduced her to Mark who scrutinized Vivian from head to toe, causing her to feel uncomfortable. 
After that, it was Fabian and Ashley’s turn. The moment Fabian laid eyes on Vivian, he was briefly struck by how beautiful she was. However, he quickly collected himself and maintained his frosty appearance. 
As for Ashley, she was so overwhelmed by jealousy that she was unable to hide any of it from her face. 
She did not expect Vivian to turn into such a beautiful swan. Vivian was so gorgeous that she had outshone Ashley who was supposed to be the party’s center of attention. 
Her jealousy didn’t stop there. In fact, she was even more astounded by how dashing Finnick looked.
###Chapter 76
Chapter 76 
Although she was already aware of how handsome and capable Finnick was, she looked down upon him due to the fact he was a cripple. 
But now, when she saw him with her own eyes, she finally realized just what an exceptional man he was. 
All along, she always assumed that Fabian was the most extraordinary man she had met. But compared to Finnick, Fabian was relegated to just being ordinary. 
Despite being dressed in a simple black suit, Finnick emanated a unique vibe. One could feel the gravitas he possessed and the humility he carried. Beneath all that, was a hint of elegance and a touch of sexiness. 
Ashley was stupefied as she looked him. 
If not for the fact that Finnick was sitting in the wheelchair, Ashley would have felt that her efforts in finally getting together with Fabian were all for naught. 
Once the introductions were completed, the servants proceeded to serve dinner. 
Despite being tempted by all the tantalizing dishes in front of her, Vivian kept herself in check and just took whatever dishes that were nearest to her. 
Noticing Vivian’s restraint, Finnick picked out her favorites and placed them on her plate. 
Even though this was a small action, it sent an emotional shockwave to most people sitting around the table.
The elder Mr. Norton was so surprised that the look he gave Vivian changed after that. 
As for Mark, his expression darkened but no one knew what was going through his mind. 
Finally, Fabian was the one who was most agitated. 
When he saw how lovey-dovey Finnick and Vivian were, he could feel the fury within him burn like a raging inferno. 
As his eyes flashed with anger, he suddenly sneered, “It looks like Uncle Finnick loves to pamper Aunt Vivian.” 
Vivian’s hand froze the moment she heard his words. 
What is Fabian up to now? 
Finnick casually gave Fabian the side-eye. “What’s wrong with me pampering my wife?” 
In response, Fabian’s eyes burned with greater intensity. The next time he spoke, his tone became visibly sarcastic. “There’s nothing wrong with pampering her. I’m just afraid Aunt Vivian’s character does not deserve this treatment.” 
His words were just like lobbing a grenade to the center of the table. Everyone at the main table turned silent as their expressions turned grim. 
Vivian herself was pale in shock. 
As for Finnick, his expression couldn’t be more frosty. “Fabian, what are you trying to insinuate?” 
“I’m not trying to insinuate anything.” Fabian mood appeared to improve when he saw that he had managed to infuriate Finnick. “It’s just that I happen to study in the same university as Aunt Vivian. Hence, I know a thing or two about what she did during those days.”
When he heard Fabian trying to keep everyone in suspense, the elder Mr. Norton was the first to lose his patience. 
Slamming his cutlery onto the table, he demanded, “If you have something to say, spit it out. Don’t keep going in circles. You’re just annoying the hell out of me.” 
Prior to this, Vivian had heard that the elder Mr. Norton was a soldier who did a lot for the country. After he left the army, he went into business. Armed with wisdom and tactfulness when doing business, he quickly gained a foothold in Sunshine City. 
In spite of that, he was still a soldier at heart. Therefore, he didn’t like to sweat the small details and hated it when anyone tried to be sneaky. 
Fabian turned pale when he was admonished by his grandfather, so he quickly added, “Grandpa, based on what I know, Vivian sold her dignity when she was studying. Therefore, I don’t think someone with such questionable character deserves to be a member of the Norton family.” 
The last bit of color left Vivian’s face when she heard Fabian’s words. 
She neither tried to give any explanation nor was she angry. All she did was glare at Fabian who was sitting opposite her. 
Once he was done speaking, Fabian felt the fire raging within him a moment ago had dissipated. Right when he wanted to gloat at Vivian, he didn’t expect to see an ashen face and a pair of glistening eyes glaring at him. 
What’s with that look? 
One might say it was a look of admonishment but in truth it was more of disbelief.
At that moment, he felt her gaze pierce through his heart just like a needle, stunning him. 
In a blink of an eye, he immediately regretted his impulsive actions. Just when he was about to say something, he heard someone from the next table exclaim in shock. 
“My God! What is that?” 
As the loud scream shifted everyone’s attention away, they raised their heads and suddenly saw a large screen light up in front of them. 
What was even more shocking was what was showing on the screen. 
There were a few pictures that were playing on a slideshow. 
When she saw those pictures, Vivian froze as if she had been struck by lightning.
###Chapter 77
Chapter 77 
The screen flickered, but it wasn't a family montage. They were pictures of her.
In every frame, Vivian’s face was flushed a deep, drunken red. Her hair was a tangled mess, her clothes were disheveled, and she was captured in provocative positions with an expression that was unmistakably suggestive. Although no part of her body was actually exposed, the steamy, dazed look on her face told a story that every guest in the room could easily interpret.
Vivian recognized them instantly. These were the same photographs from two years ago—the ones Fabian had used to interrogate her, the ones that had shattered their relationship.
She whipped her head around, her gaze boring into Fabian. The disbelief she had felt moments ago had curdled into something far more potent: deep-seated, visceral hatred.
She knew Fabian resented her. She knew he believed she had betrayed him back then, and she had even made peace with the fact that he had brought up her "disgraceful history" at dinner earlier to get his vengeance. But she never imagined he would go this far. To project these private, humiliating images for the entire world to see...
He wants to destroy me, she realized, her heart turning to lead. Even if I had truly betrayed him, how could he be this cruel?
Fabian, however, was paralyzed by a shock no less intense than Vivian’s.
He had intended to expose her past to his grandfather, yes—but never like this. To orchestrate a public execution in front of the entire Norton social circle was a level of despicability that even he wasn't capable of. He stared at the screen, his mind racing. How did those files get into the system?
In his panic, his first instinct was to explain, to tell Vivian he had nothing to do with the projection. But when he met her eyes, he was met with a wall of pure animosity. In that single heartbeat, Fabian felt his entire world collapse. He never expected that the woman he had loved so desperately would one day look at him as if he were a monster.
The rest of the hall was in an uproar.
Beyond the immediate Norton family, the room was packed with influential relatives and high-stakes business associates. While they were all technically "well-bred" members of high society, human curiosity was a universal trait. The silence of the shock lasted only seconds before the whispering began.
“My God! Is this for real? Why is the Norton family showing smut at a formal dinner?”
“Don’t be thick—look at the face. That’s the woman Finnick just married.”
“When were these taken? Surely not by Finnick... Look at the setting. Who was the other man?”
“Disgraceful. Truly. I’d be surprised if she isn't out on the street by tomorrow morning.”
The comments were hushed but sharp, filled with the smug satisfaction people feel when they witness the downfall of a powerful house.
Vivian felt the blood drain from her face until she was ghostly pale. Under the table, her fists were clenched so tightly her nails drew blood from her palms. She felt exposed, stripped bare in front of people who were already looking for a reason to despise her.
As for Finnick, his legendary temper finally detonated.
Damn it! The air around him seemed to drop ten degrees. How dare anyone lay a finger on his wife? How dare they attempt to humiliate her in his presence?
The main table was within arm's reach of the control interface. Without a word, Finnick reached for the steak knife beside his plate. With a singular, violent motion, he drove the blade through the control switch of the projector system.
CRACK!
The screen went black instantly.
The sudden violence of the act stunned the room into a deathly silence. No one had expected Finnick to react with such raw, protective fury. The gossiping stopped as if a throat had been cut.
Every eye in the room shifted toward the head of the table—the Elder Mr. Norton. They waited, breathless, to see how the patriarch would handle this stain on the family honor.
“Ahem.” Despite a lifetime of weathering scandals, the Elder Mr. Norton was visibly appalled. However, his years of experience allowed him to regain his mask of composure quickly. He turned a chilling sneer toward his grandson. “Finnick... is there any truth to what we just saw?”
Finnick didn't answer immediately. In fact, he didn't even look at his grandfather. His entire world had narrowed down to the woman beside him.
When he saw the look of absolute devastation on Vivian’s face, his eyes turned to shards of ice.
###Chapter 78
Chapter 78 
“Finnick!” When Finnick didn’t answer him, the elder Mr. Norton was infuriated. He stamped his walking stick on the floor and glowered. “I’m asking you a question!” 
Only then did Finnick turned to face him with a cold expression. “If I tell you that it’s fake, will you believe me?” 
As the elder Mr. Norton was his grandfather, Finnick remained respectful but didn’t fear him at all. 
The elder Mr. Norton was so infuriated that wrinkles filled his face. “Finnick! Do you really think that a woman with such low moral standards can be a part of the Norton family?” 
The elder Mr. Norton’s words send a shockwave through the room. 
His statement couldn’t have been clearer. He was denouncing Vivian’s place as a daughter-in-law of the Norton family outright. 
Vivian’s body couldn’t help but tremble in response. 
For some reason, she felt as if her heart was smashed when she heard what the elder Mr. Norton said. 
Initially, the main reason she got married was so that she could have her name registered in Sunshine City. Since it’s now done, I shouldn’t care much whether the marriage lasts? 
However, for some inexplicable reason, the thought of divorcing Finnic and not being able to return to his villa, or even growing distant from each other caused a sense of disappointment in her. 
When he noticed the change in Vivian’s expression, the only thing Finnick felt was his heart squeezing tightly onto itself.
Without any hesitation, he grabbed Vivian’s clenched hands under the table. 
Amidst the elder Mr. Norton’s wrath, everyone present was frightened and kept quiet. However, there was only one person who was desperately trying to keep her head down. She didn’t want anyone to notice that she was gleefully gloating. 
That person was no other than Ashley. She was the mastermind behind those pictures. 
When she heard Fabian wanted to expose Vivian’s true colors during the party, Ashley was thrilled but felt he didn’t go far enough. 
Since they were going to harm Vivian, they might as go all out. She wanted to destroy Vivian’s reputation to the extent that she would not dare to show her face in the high society of the city. 
Therefore, she secretly bribed the Norton family’s servant to broadcast the photos she had so that everyone could see the darkest side of Vivian. 
That way, even if Vivian and Finnick divorced, Fabian would never get back with her given how egoistic he was. 
While Ashley was counting her chickens before they hatched and waiting for the Norton family to kicked Vivian out, she did not anticipate what Finnick was about to say. He was going to wipe that smirk of hers off her face. 
“Grandpa, you are right. Perhaps, Vivian does not deserve to be a member of the Norton family.” When Finnick finished the first part of his sentence, Vivian’s face turned further pale. However, he quickly added, “But, my wife doesn’t need the acknowledgment of the Norton family.” 
Looking up in disbelief, Vivian’s eyes met Finnick’s gaze.
Within the calmness in those eyes, she could see the determination behind it. The warmth in his hand permeated through her skin gradually, as if it would melt the coldness in her heart. 
Suddenly, Vivian could feel a burning sensation in her nose. 
Even the elder Mr. Norton was stunned. Meanwhile, Mark could no longer hold back his anger and reprimanded, “Finnick, how can you speak to Grandpa like that? After marrying such a loose girl and disgracing our family, you still refuse to repent!” 
Only then did Finnick shift his attention away from Vivian and gazed coldly at Mark. 
Despite just being a glance, it was more than enough to send a shiver down Mark’s spine. 
“Mark,” Finnick called out to him in an icy tone. “Don’t throw wild accusations at my wife.” 
Mark’s face turned pale and was about to say something when elder Mr. Norton cleared his throat abruptly. 
At that moment, Mark held his tongue and looked towards his grandfather. 
“This matter requires further investigation. After all, she is Finnick’s lawfully wedded wife,” elder Mr. Norton remarked with a tone that was hard to discern. “Do not let the comments of unscrupulous people trigger a feud among us.” 
Vivian was stunned when she heard those words. 
Although she didn’t know the elder Mr. Norton well, she was aware that he had a reputation for being ruthless and cold-blooded in the city. Without such a relentless attitude, the Norton family wouldn’t have become what they are today.
Hence, she didn’t expect him to be so reasonable. I have disgraced the Norton family and yet he is not holding me accountable? 
Both Mark and Finnick were also caught by surprise by their grandfather’s reaction. Since Grandpa always had the say, both of them didn’t dare say anything further. 
The only person who was most upset with the turn of events was Ashley. 
Her eyes widened in astonishment as she couldn’t believe her ears. 
She had assumed she could annihilate Vivian this time and shatter her reputation. Unexpectedly, none of her desired outcomes came about. 
Finnick didn’t mind Vivian’s history while the elder Mr. Norton chose not to press the matter. 
What is going on? 
Peeved with the outcome, Ashley let her tongue loose without thinking. “Great Grandpa, these aren’t just baseless speculations. They’re the truth…” 
Before Ashley could finish, the elder Mr. Norton turned and glared fiercely in her direction. Ashley was seized by fear and rendered speechless.
###Chapter 79
Chapter 79 
“Who is this ignorant girl and where does she come from?” the elder Mr. Norton reprimanded her sternly, “Know your place! You are not qualified to address me as Great Grandpa as you have yet to marry into the Norton family. Hence, stop commenting about our family matters.” 
Ashley was dumbfounded after being admonished and regretted her impulsive decision to speak out. 
She had not expected that the scheme she painstakingly put in place didn’t hurt Vivian at all. Instead, she ended up leaving a bad impression on the elder Mr. Norton. 
That very instant, she didn’t dare utter another word. All she did was keep her head down as her teeth dug into her lower lip. 
Why? Why did he do that? 
Why is Vivian always so lucky to escape whatever I throw at her? I just can’t beat her! 
When the next dish was served, everyone ate in silence. 
After dinner was finally finished, everyone proceeded to a hall in the next room to dance. 
As the band performed on stage, melodious music filled the room. There were a lot of couples dancing in each other’s arms. Amidst the music, waiters weaved in and out of the crowd serving champagne and wine. The guests who didn’t dance crowded together and chatted merrily. 
The scene looked like what she had always seen on TV. However, Vivian had the niggling feeling that she didn’t fit it. Standing behind Finnick’s wheelchair, she could sense the occasional condescending stare and mocking gazes.
“Finnick.” Vivian was watching Ashley and Fabian dancing in the center of the room and how they captured everyone’s attention. It simply made her feel awkward. “Shall we go home now?” 
After all, they couldn’t dance and there was nothing much left to do. 
“We will be staying the night here,” Finnick replied without hesitation. 
Despite feeling perplexed, Vivian nodded without protest. 
“What’s wrong? Are you not feeling comfortable?” Finnick’s eyes darkened. “Is it because of what happened just now?” 
Vivian was caught off guard and didn’t know how to respond. “I’m fine with it. When that incident happened two years ago, I had endured much worse than this in comparison. I-I’m just worried that you wouldn’t be happy staying here,” Vivian answered sincerely. 
Finnick was her husband. From an outsider’s perspective, they might misconstrue that she had cheated on him. For a man, this was extremely damaging to his ego. 
Vivian really didn’t want Finnick, who had an exceptional reputation, to end up becoming a laughing stock because of her. 
Surprised by Vivian’s answer, Finnick gave it some thought. He then turned his wheelchair in Vivian’s direction. When he saw her nervous and awkward expression, his heart couldn’t help but melt. 
“Vivian William,” he suddenly asked, “would you like to dance?” 
“Dance?” Vivian was stunned. “With whom?” 
Given Finnick was in the wheelchair, he definitely couldn’t dance. However, other than him, she didn’t know anyone else there.
When he saw Vivian’s puzzled expression, Finnick smiled unwittingly. 
“With me,” he quipped and grabbed Vivian’s hand out of the blue. 
With him? 
Vivian became even more confused. Before she could react, Finnick was already rolling his wheelchair to the center of the hall with Vivian in tow. 
Being pulled along, Vivian followed him in acquiescence. 
“Finnick?” Vivian was stunned. “What are you doing?” 
“Dancing.” Finnick’s usually indifferent gaze was now filled with glee. “Didn’t you say that you made an effort to learn the dance steps? Do you still remember them?” 
Only then did Vivian comprehend that Finnick wanted to dance with her. 
She blushed at his question. “I… I just spoke without thinking. I can’t even follow the rhythm properly.” 
Finnick’s grin widened. “Is that so? That will only make things easier.” 
Vivian was surprised. Before she could ask why, Finnick held her hand and gave it a forceful tug. 
The next moment, Vivian lost her balance and fell into Finnick’s arms. 
“Finnick! What are you…” She panicked and scrambled to stand back up. However, Finnick hugged her waist so tightly that she was unable to move at all.
###Chapter 80
Chapter 80 
“Hang on tight.” Finnick lowered his gaze at her and beamed. “We are dancing!” 
Just as he spoke, Finnick moved his wheelchair along with the music, gently rocking back and forth to its rhythm. 
As for Vivian, she leaned into his embrace as both of them rolled together under the bright lights and gaping stares of the guests. 
She was mesmerized by the moment. 
Staring at Finnick’s handsome face, she couldn’t find a single flaw on his chiseled features. His usually cold gaze was now draped in gentleness. It caused his expression to sparkle just like a sparkling. 
This handsome man is actually my husband. 
As Finnick’s wheelchair gently swayed to the music, all the other guests gawked in astonishment. Even Ashley who was the center of attention a moment ago couldn’t help but stop to watch. 
“Dancing in a wheelchair?” she exclaimed. But, jealousy soon filled her eyes as she sneered, “A cripple will always be a cripple. That’s the sad reality.” 
Ashley had planned to mock Finnick and Vivian. But when she saw how exceptionally dashing Finnick was and how he gracefully waltzed his wheelchair to the music, she suddenly felt her mockery had lost all its basis. 
Furthermore, she wasn’t alone. All the other watching guests who were astonished at first were now filled with envy.
“My God! This is the first time I see someone emit so much charm dancing in a wheelchair.” 
“I’m really envious of that girl called Vivian for how much her husband loves her. Furthermore, he is such a romantic and a capable man too.” 
“That’s the second son of the Norton family for you.” A few elderly guests recollected what happened a long time ago. With a regretful tone in their voice, they remarked, “He was such an exceptional child since he was young. If only the kidnapping didn’t happen. Sigh.” 
Meanwhile, Vivian, who was sitting on Finnick’s lap, could faintly hear the remarks of the other guests though she couldn’t make out what they were saying. Not able to resist, she looked towards them. 
Without any hesitation, Finnick raised his hands and held onto her chin to stop her. 
“Do you care about what they say?” Finnick obviously knew fully well what was on Vivian’s mind. 
Vivian smiled awkwardly in return. 
“You shouldn’t,” Finnick murmured. After letting go of her chin, he gently caressed her. “All you need to do is to relish this current moment.” 
Finnick’s voice deepened and seemed to have some devilish charm in it. Completely bewitched, Vivian nodded obediently. Reaching her hands around his neck, she swayed her body gently to match his movements. 
When he saw Vivian moving along with him, Finnick’s grin widened faintly. 
Meanwhile, at the staircase on the second floor. 
The elder Mr. Norton was standing there, looking down upon the dancefloor and taking in everything that had happened.
When he watched Vivian and Finnick rolling around the dancefloor, he clearly saw her laughing joyously and the beam on Finnick’s face. The scene caused his lips to widen slightly. 
It’s been a long time since I saw that child smile. 
“Mr. Norton.” At that moment, an old butler approached. “It’s almost time. Do you want me to usher the guests out and arrange for Finnick and Mrs. Norton accommodation?” 
“Mmm, it’s about time.” Regaining his senses, the elder Mr. Norton nodded. “By the way, please get Vivian to see me in my study.” 
Just as he spoke, the elder Mr. Norton turned and headed there. 
Finally, the ball started to wind down. The star of the night didn’t turn out to be Ashley who was supposedly the guest of honor. Instead, it was Vivian who sat on Finnick’s lap the whole night. 
When the final song was done, Vivian stood up. While she was still blushing, she saw an elderly- looking butler approach her. He politely informed her, “Mrs. Norton, the elder Mr. Norton wants to see you in the study.” 
Vivian was shocked. 
What does the elder Mr. Norton want with me? 
Is it because of the pictures just now? 
When she recalled how sharp the elder Mr. Norton’s gaze was, Vivian couldn’t help but feel nervous and looked towards Finnick subconsciously. 
However, Finnick nodded lightly at her. “Don’t worry, although Grandpa is an eccentric, he isn’t an unreasonable man.”
###Chapter 81
Chapter 81 
After hearing Finnick’s reassurances, Vivian managed to calm her nerves. She then followed the butler to the study on the second floor. 
The elder Mr. Norton’s study was decorated with a lot of antiques. The moment she entered, she could smell the scent of lighted sandalwood and felt as if she had stepped into another world. 
He was sitting at his desk dressed in a long robe. From the very first second she entered, his gaze was fixated upon her. 
Vivian tried her best to keep her nerves together and walked towards the front of the desk. She greeted politely, “Mr. Norton.” 
“What did you just call me?” He questioned her sternly. 
Stunned, Vivian was uncertain as to what was going on. 
“Since you are now married to Finnick, you should address me as Grandpa, just like how Finnick,” the elder Mr. Norton explained patiently when he realized that she was clueless. Moreover, he didn’t forget to sneer, “You and your sister, Ashley, are two polarizing extremes. One just can’t wait to address me as Great Grandpa while the other doesn’t do so when she should.” 
Vivian turned pale when she realized the elder Mr. Norton knew that Ashley and she were sisters. 
After giving it some thought, she realized it wasn’t unexpected. After all, she had been married to Finnick for quite a while now so he would definitely have done a background check on her. 
Anyway, since the elder Mr. Norton allowed her to address him as Grandpa, it meant that he acknowledged her as his granddaughter-in-law. Realizing that, Vivian heaved a sigh of relief and
greeted softly, “Grandpa.” 
Only then did he gave her a satisfied nod and motioned her by thrusting his chin forward. “Have a seat.” 
After settling down obediently, Vivian heard him question her sternly, “What do you think I call you in here for?” 
“I think it’s because of the pictures that were screened at the dinner just now.” Gathering her courage, Vivian raised her head as she wanted to seize upon the opportunity to explain. “Grandpa, those pictures are actually…” 
Before she could begin to explain, the elder Mr. Norton raised his hand to cut her off. 
“You don’t have to explain.” His tone was impatient. “Don’t you think I would have investigated the matter thoroughly? After all, you have been married to Finnick for a long time.” 
He chose his words carefully. By using the words ‘investigated thoroughly ‘, he had conveyed his inner thoughts. 
Not only had he checked what happened two years ago, but he also found out the truth and knew that Vivian was set up. 
That was when Vivian understood why he wasn’t surprised when he saw the pictures. In fact, he didn’t even blame her for them. 
So he was aware of the incident. 
Feeling relieved, Vivian replied sincerely, “Thank you, Grandpa.”
“You don’t have to thank me,” The elder Mr. Norton snorted. “I hope you are not under the impression that I didn’t mind just because you’re innocent?” 
Vivian was stunned again. 
She couldn’t deny Finnick’s words when he mentioned that his grandfather was an eccentric. Indeed, the way he spoke was just like a roller coaster, full of twists and turns. 
“For a family like ours, we would typically not allow someone with a scandal like yours to be one of us. It doesn’t matter if it was your fault,” he explained indifferently. 
The thought had crossed Vivian’s mind before as her face turned pale. “In that case Grandpa, why did you accept me?” 
“I didn’t, it was Finnick.” The elder Mr. Norton’s expression was suddenly filled with regret. “Since Evelyn’s death ten years ago, I thought Finnick would not love another woman again, let alone get married.” 
Vivian was shocked. 
Evelyn? Who is she? Is she someone Finnick had loved before? 
Despite the questions whirling in her head, Vivian didn’t dare to ask him about it. 
“However, I didn’t expect him to marry you.” He stared at Vivian with sharp eyes. “In the beginning, I thought that you were just some puppet wife that he was using to defy me. But, after the last meeting and tonight’s party, I realize that his feelings for you are real.” 
Finnick has feelings for me? 
His words caused Vivian’s heart to skip a beat.
However, she remained unconvinced. 
Despite how well Finnick treated her, Vivian simply felt that he was too exceptional compared to her and that they were worlds apart. She couldn’t fathom how someone like him would even have romantic feelings for her. 
Nevertheless, she didn’t disagree with the elder Mr. Norton outright but continued to listen quietly. 
“That’s the reason why I am able to accept you.” He continued with a tone that reflected the resignation he felt. “That’s because I will acknowledge whoever he loves.”
###Chapter 82
Chapter 82 
Looking at the elderly Mr. Norton in front of her, Vivian suddenly realized he was no longer the ruthless and powerful head of the Norton family. Instead, he seemed to be an ordinary old man who just wanted his grandson to be happy. 
“But,” He added abruptly in a serious tone. “Don’t forget what your greatest responsibility is.” 
By now, Vivian was lost and could hardly follow his train of thought. “What responsibility?” 
“Help him continue his legacy, of course.” the old man glared at Vivian with his eyes widened as if he was angry at her ignorance. “Look, Mark’s children are already so big but Finnick has yet to have any despite his age.” 
Vivian almost choked on her own saliva. 
After beating around the bush, he just wants to remind me about having children with Finnick? 
Although Finnick and Mark were brothers, their age gap was quite big. Mark was almost fifty while Finnick hadn’t even reached thirty yet. 
Nevertheless, it was common in reputable families to marry early and have many children by the time they were thirty. 
Vivian felt so awkward that she was lost for words. However, the elder Mr. Norton squinted his eyes and murmured, “Girl, don’t think I’m not aware of the fact that you and Finnick have not consummated your marriage.” 
By now, Vivian felt utterly embarrassed.
How did he even find out about this? 
“Girl, tell me the truth.” His eyes suddenly flashed as he asked hesitantly. “Finnick… does he have trouble getting it up?” 
Vivian had not recovered from the earlier shock. After hearing the elder Mr. Norton’s question, her face blushed like a tomato. 
Wh-what? What kind of a grandfather is this? Isn’t he being too intrusive? 
When Vivian didn’t respond, he became more desperate and probed further, “I’m sure you are aware of what happened ten years ago, which caused Finnick to lose control of his legs. Since then, I have always been worried about the state of his ‘vitality’ in that aspect. All this while, I wanted to get a doctor to help him but he has always refused me. That’s why I’m so concerned.” 
When Vivian saw how worried he was, her heart couldn’t help but soften. 
It appeared that Finnick had even hidden the truth about his legs from his grandfather. That’s why he was so frustrated. 
As Vivian couldn’t bear to see him worry, she gritted her teeth and thickened her skin, “I-I think Finnick d-doesn’t have any problems with that.” 
Mr. Norton was surprised. “How do you know?” 
“That? Although we have yet to consummate our marriage, we do live together.” By now, Vivian just wanted the ground to open up and swallow her whole. “There are times when… you know. I can… erm… see his ‘reaction’?” 
Vivian could feel her cheeks burning.
Anyway, she was telling the truth as she was absolutely sure there was nothing wrong with Finnick. 
Putting aside the sightings of his morning wood, there were a few other occasions when she ‘personally’ felt his ‘vitality’. Once was when they had a close call and another time was when she walked out of the bathroom. 
Ahem, to be honest, it was more than doing just alright. In fact, it looks to be really ‘powerful’? 
The elder Mr. Norton was puzzled for a brief moment before quickly getting what Vivian was hinting at. His face lit up in joy. “Really? Haha, that’s wonderful news. Really wonderful!” 
He was so excited that he jumped up from his chair and waved his walking stick in the air. “Since he is doing fine, what else are you people waiting for?” 
Vivian was dumbfounded. All she could manage to say was, “Erm, we don’t really know each other well enough yet since we just met.” 
“What f***ing nonsense is that?” he swore as he became worked up. “My wife and I were part of an arranged marriage and yet we slept with each other the very first night of the wedding. Aren’t you younger ones supposed to be more liberal? Why are you being more rigid than us?” 
By now, Vivian was blushing like a tomato. In the meantime, the old man wielded his walking stick in the air and ordered, “Ms. William, I am not someone that’s unreasonable. I know what you have been through wasn’t your fault and I don’t blame you for it. However, I now need you to give your best. Time waits for no man. So, both of you will consummate your marriage in the villa tonight!”
###Chapter 83
Chapter 83 
Vivian was dumbfounded. 
Consummate our marriage tonight? 
Before she could recover from her shock, Mr. Norton barked, “Mr. Zane!” 
The study’s door opened and an elderly butler hurried in. 
“Mr. Zane, bring Ms. William and Finnick to the bedroom at once.” Mr. Norton couldn’t contain his laughter. “I have specially prepared that bedroom for you!” 
What? There’s even a specially prepared bedroom? 
Before she could even ask what sort of room it was, Vivian was led out of the study by Mr. Zane. Right after they left, they could still hear the elder Mr. Norton’s hearty laughter from the corridor. 
Mr. Zane brought her to a bedroom on the third floor. Upon entering, Mr. Zane softly reassured her, “Both of you have the whole floor to yourselves. Hence, you can do whatever you please and not have to worry that someone can hear you or even disturb you.” 
When Vivian understood what Mr. Zane was trying to say, her face flushed red. Before she could even reply, Mr. Zane had pushed her into the room. 
By the time she managed to collect herself, the butler had closed the door. 
Ka-chak! 
She could hear it being locked from outside.
Given a fright, Vivian banged on the door, “Mr. Zane, why did you lock the door?” 
No one answered from outside. 
Vivian grew anxious and tried to pry it open. But, it was locked tightly from the outside and wouldn’t budge. 
‘You can stop banging on the door. They did it on purpose.” Just when Vivian began to worry, she heard a cold voice emanate from behind her. 
Caught by surprise, she turned around and saw Finnick sitting behind her. 
Under the dim yellow light, Finnick was sitting in his wheelchair. He had taken off his jacket and only had his white shirt on. The top two buttons were already loose, exposing his sexy collarbone. 
“Finnick?” Vivian regained her senses and scanned the room. When her gaze fell upon the bed in the center, her eyes widened in shock. “Is this the room we will be spending the night in? Isn’t the bed too small?” 
The bed in front of her looked just like a super single bed. It could barely fit two people and even then, both people would have stick closely together. 
“Mmm.” It was obvious to Finnick from the beginning. “They must be part of their plan.” 
Vivian finally understood what the elder Mr. Norton meant when he said ‘specially prepared’. Just thinking about it caused her to blush. 
Vivian and Finnick did sleep together at home. But, given the bed was big enough, they seldom made physical contact. However, the bed in front of them was so different.
“Just now,” Finnick asked out of a sudden as he turned towards Vivian, “what did Grandpa talk to you about?” 
When Vivian recalled the topic that the elder Mr. Norton and her discussed, her cheeks burned with greater intensity. 
“Erm, n-nothing much.” Vivian was too embarrassed to recount what they discussed. But, as she wasn’t accustomed to lying, her words came out extremely stiff. 
Raising his eyebrow curiously, Finnick stood up and approached Vivian. “Even if you don’t tell me, I can easily guess what Grandpa spoke to you about.” 
Vivian’s cheeks felt like a raging inferno now. “R-really?” 
Finnick was standing right in front of Vivian now. When he saw how bashful she was, he simply found her extremely adorable. At that very moment, he couldn’t help but tease her. 
“Of course I do.” Finnick had lowered his voice on purpose to make it sound more alluring. Furthermore, he even put his hands on the door beside Vivian’s cheek before leaning in to bring himself closer. “I suppose he wants you to have children with me?” 
Vivian lowered her gaze as she could no longer feel her cheeks. “That’s right. Erm, they’re our elders after all. It’s normal for them to worry about you, isn’t it?” 
Vivian’s voice gradually softened as Finnick was lowering his face towards her. They were now so close to each other that their cheeks were about to touch. 
When she felt his masculine breath envelope her whole body, she got all nervous that her heart began to race.
###Chapter 84
Chapter 84 
Originally, Finnick had intended only to tease Vivian. However, as he closed the distance between them, he was met with the faint, intoxicating scent of her perfume. In an instant, his steady composure fractured, and his heart began a frantic rhythm against his ribs.
Vivian was breathtaking that night. Her tailored skirt hugged her graceful silhouette, and from his vantage point, he could see the soft curvature of her neck and the luminous glow of her skin. Her face, framed by loose strands of hair, was a deep, rosy red—resembling a ripened fruit, sweet and tempting, practically begging for a touch.
The temptation proved too great for Finnick’s restraint. Bending down, he leaned in and gently nipped at Vivian’s flushing cheek. The sudden contact startled her, and she let out a soft, tiny gasp. "Ah?"
That small, vulnerable sound made Finnick’s heart flutter like a captive bird, instantly igniting a dormant passion. Throwing his usual caution to the wind, he reached out and grasped her waist, lifting her into a firm, sweet embrace.
Feeling the sudden heat of his body pressing against hers, Vivian became flustered, her voice trembling. “F-Finnick? You…”
She didn’t realize that her stammering only fueled his arousal. He was clinging to his last thread of reason, but the pull was too strong. Lowering his head, he let his lips brush against her reddening earlobe, his voice dropping to a low, gravelly whisper. “Dear Vivian... why don’t we give Grandpa exactly what he wants? Let’s get on with it, shall we?”
The warm, sensual touch sent a jolt of electricity through her. It was a pleasantly numbing sensation that made her shudder with a mixture of nerves and pleasure.
Truthfully, Vivian had been mentally preparing for this. They were legally wed, and she had decided long ago that if Finnick ever asked, she would not refuse him. After the Elder Mr. Norton’s pointed comments earlier, the idea of finally consummating their marriage had taken root in her mind. To her surprise, she didn't feel any urge to resist.
She nodded shyly, her face and ears burning with a feverish heat.
Sensing her quiet consent, the flame within Finnick roared to life, and he finally let go of his remaining restraint. He bowed his head, locking his lips with hers in a deep, hungry kiss. The intoxicating sweetness of her filled his senses, and he found himself instantly addicted, craving more with every passing second.
What is this sensation? he wondered dizzily. Have I been drugged? Just one kiss and I’ve lost all self-control.
Finnick pinned her gently against the door, his hand sliding down the smooth curve of her back. The gown she wore was beautiful, but it was a nightmare to navigate. He fumbled for a zipper, but as his desire burned hotter, his patience evaporated.
Rip!
The fabric gave way under his hands, sliding off Vivian’s milky-white shoulders. Under the dim, amber light of the room, her silhouette was laid bare before him. Finnick’s throat tightened; he felt a surge of excitement so primal it was almost overwhelming.
With his status and immense wealth, Finnick had never lacked for women. Countless ladies had tried to seduce him, to lure him into their beds with practiced grace, yet he had remained a fortress—composed and cold. His legendary indifference had even led his grandfather and Mark to worry if the kidnapping ten years ago had left him permanently scarred, both physically and mentally.
But facing Vivian, he realized his body was no longer under his command. His carnal instincts had taken the wheel, driving him toward a wild, singular need to possess her.
With her consent echoing in his mind, Finnick unleashed his inner desire. His lips left hers to travel down the column of her throat, trailing fire toward his intended destination.
But in that heartbeat...
“No!”
Vivian let out a sudden, sharp squeal and shoved him away with surprising force.
Finnick hadn't expected her to fight back. Caught off-guard, he staggered backward a few steps, his chest heaving. He looked at her in shock, seeing her flushed face and eyes brimming with a sudden, watery unease.
It felt as if a bucket of ice water had been dumped over his head, instantly extinguishing the fire of his passion.
Guilt immediately flooded Vivian’s expression as she realized she had reacted too violently. She adjusted her torn dress with trembling hands, approaching him cautiously. “I-I’m sorry... I... I just suddenly remembered something. From two years ago...”

###Chapter 85
Chapter 85 
The incident that happened two years ago still haunted Vivian to this day. It was her worst nightmare. 
Not because she had lost her most precious possession overnight. But rather, in that one night, her reputation was ruined. 
For a long time after that, she could not even bear to be in close proximity to a man, much less communicating with one. Even shaking hands with a member of the opposite sex would trigger her fear. 
Now that she had recovered, she had thought that she could accept being with Finnick. 
Unexpectedly, her body still instinctively rejected any form of intimacy with a man. 
Seeing how disappointed Finnick had become, she was filled with a pang of unspoken guilt. 
What if Finnick thinks that I’m playing hard to get on purpose? Or that I’m being pretentious? After all, they were married. Besides, she had also given her consent. So, for her to reject him at the eleventh hour in such an abrupt way when the going was getting good… 
No man would be able to bear such a humiliating rejection. 
With that thought in mind, she gritted her teeth and cautiously approached Finnick. Putting her arms around his neck, she made the move to kiss him, wanting to reignite the lust within him. 
Just as sudden as she was, Finnick picked her up gently and laid her on the bed. 
Thinking that he was going to continue where he had left off, Vivian tensed her body in preparation. This time, she wanted to make sure her body would obey and not instinctively push him away again.
She waited in anticipation of what was coming. However, Finnick did not make any sensual move. On the contrary, he took the blanket next to him and covered her body. 
Stunned, Vivian braced herself to ask, “Are you angry with me?” 
As Finnick sat down on the side of the bed, he looked at her with a pair of calm, soothing eyes and replied, “No.” 
“Then why…” 
“Why don’t I continue?” Cutting her off by finishing her question, he brushed her cheeks tenderly with his fingers before whispering softly to her, “Because I hope you will enjoy it too, instead of merely putting up with me.” 
Truthfully, he was aroused by her body. As a matter of fact, he wanted her there and then. 
If he had not cared for her in the first place, he would have persisted or even forced himself on her. After all, as a man, holding oneself back after one’s carnal desire had been awakened was a difficult feat to pull off. 
However, he cherished Vivian too much to give in to his selfish desire. 
And because he cared, he did not want their first time to turn into a dreadful memory for her. 
If he had been selfish, how different would it be between him and the man who had hurt her two years ago? 
Vivian did not expect such tender admission from Finnick. At that moment, she felt her heart was deeply touched by his sincerity. The feeling of love blossomed in her.
Men and women are different. For a woman, caring for a person meant giving herself to him. For a man, caring for a person meant being patient for her. 
Her eyes flickered as she curled up under the soft blanket, her uptight body finally relaxing. “Thank you, Finnick.” 
He chuckled, stood up, and walked to the chair next to the table before sitting down. “Today, you’ll be the one sleeping on the bed.” 
Feeling aghast, she asked with concern, “Then what about you? Don’t you have to sleep?” 
“The bed is too small, and there’s only one set of blanket anyway. Forget it.” 
Vivian frowned and reasoned, “Although the bed is small, it is wide enough to accommodate the two of us. Come, squeeze in. You should sleep with me tonight.” 
Finnick suddenly gave her a knowing look, “Vivian, are you challenging my self-control?” 
She froze immediately. 
She almost forgot that she had tempted Finnick to his limit today. Maybe even past that. Yet she had not given herself to him. He must have been holding his carnal desire back earnestly, and for me to even ask him to sleep with me… 
She was too disregardful of his needs. 
Not daring to speak anymore, Vivian obediently covered herself with the blanket tightly and laid still. 
… 
Meanwhile, in the study, elder Mr. Norton was busily pacing back and forth anxiously.
Just as Mr. Zane walked in, elder Mr. Norton hurried over and nervously asked, “How is it? How’s the two of them?” 
“They’ve retreated into their room. As for what happened next, I don’t know exactly,” answered Mr. Zane honestly. After all, he did not dare to eavesdrop. 
Nodding, elder Mr. Norton sighed, “How I wish those two would be more considerate of this geezer here and just bear me a great-grandchild sooner.” 
“Don’t worry too much about that, sir,” consoled Mr. Zane with a look of concern on his face. 
“I nearly forgot,” exclaimed elder Mr. Norton as a thought suddenly hit him. His face turned cold right at that moment as he requested, “Have you managed to find out more about that photo today?”
###Chapter 86
Chapter 86 
It was supposed to be a grand party that day, yet it was ruined by someone putting up such a photo. Whether the purpose was to humiliate the Norton family or Vivian, the act itself was preposterous. 
Mr. Zane nodded, “Yes. The culprit is the fiancée of your grandson, Ms. Miller.” 
Hearing the name of the culprit did not surprise elder Mr. Norton. Rather, he scoffed upon hearing that name, “As I’ve expected. I’ve suspected it since the beginning. That girl ain’t no saint. She’s a troublemaker.” 
Mr. Zane chipped in blankly, “Perhaps it has something to do with the relationship between Ms. William and your grandson back in their university days.” 
Nodding in admission, elder Mr. Norton sighed, “Both nephew and uncle ended up falling for the same woman. Us Norton family are to be blamed too for instigating such a thing.” 
“But Ms. William is the only lady that has attracted the attention of your second son. No matter what, I’m sure you will continue to support their relationship.” Mr. Zane had been the confidant of elder Mr. Norton for many years and could obviously understand the latter’s thoughts well. 
“You’re right.” Rubbing his tired eyes, elder Mr. Norton continued, “As for that nuisance surnamed Miller, go and inform Fabian about her nefarious deed.” 
“Don’t you want to personally dal with her?” 
“Meh, a mere wildling? She’s not worthy for me to personally make a move.” Sneering, elder Mr. Norton pointed out, “If Fabian can’t even manage his own woman, then he is not worthy to be a part of the Norton family.”
“Yes, I understand.” Acknowledging his orders, Mr. Zane left the study. 
As elder Mr. Norton walked to his bedside, he looked out the window at the moon. His mind suddenly remembered the scene on the dance floor, where Finnick was actually smiling happily while dancing with Vivian. His wrinkled, frowning face softened. 
How many years has it been… Since I last saw Finnick smiling like that? 
I guess God answered my prayers to let Finnick meet a woman who can finally make him laugh again. 
Right now, his only wish was for both of them to produce an offspring soon. 
As elder Mr. Norton was worrying about them both, the amorous, fiery passion in the room upstairs had cooled off. 
Finnick was sitting on his chair. Propping his head against his hand, his eyes were closed as he rested. 
Even though it was late into the night, Vivian kept tossing and turning on the bed, unable to sleep. After a long silence, she meekly voiced out, “Finnick, I can’t seem to sleep. Shall we have a chat?” 
Finnick did not open his eyes, but replied nonchalantly, “What shall we talk about?” 
“About that…” Vivian paused for a thought, then continued, “How does your grandpa… Know that both of us have not consummated our marriage?” 
“Molly and Liam told him that,” explained Finnick matter-of-factly. “After all, both of them are grandpa’s people. Even though they said that they were sent by grandpa to take care of me, they’re actually grandpa’s informants.” 
Only then did Vivian understood why Finnick would always send Molly and them all away. It turned out that he knew of their purpose from the beginning.
Even though elder Mr. Norton simply wanted to keep an eye on him out of genuine concern, no one would like to be put under such constant surveillance, more so for Finnick who was trying to fool everyone that he was wheelchair-bound. 
“Speaking of which…” Vivian hesitated for a moment before venturing, “Why don’t you be honest with your grandpa and tell him that you’re not disabled? I can feel that he cares for you very much.” 
Finnick opened his eyes and affirmed, “I know he cares for me a lot. After all, he is well advanced in age and is looking forward to enjoying quiet family life. However, because of that, there are some problems with his judgments.” 
Cocking her head in confusion, she asked curiously, “What judgments?” 
“Judgments towards each member of the family.” Finnick explained, “For example, he has always wanted Mark and I to get along well. Hence, if he finds out the truth about my legs, he may unwittingly disclose it to Mark.” 
Vivian was taken aback for a moment before she finally understood. 
The reason why Finnick faked his disability is to fool Mark. 
The relationships in a reputable and prominent family like the Nortons were just too complicated. Feeling a headache coming up, she groggily closed her eyes and tried to sleep. 
While in that sleepy daze, she could vaguely see Finnick sitting at his desk, gazing at something in his hand. 
Under the dim light, she saw the thing in his hand was shining and shimmering, just like a crystal pendant.
Is that the pendant from last time? 
Amidst her state of semi-consciousness, she felt a little disturbed in her heart for no reason. 
That pendant. Who does it belong to? Who is it that made him care so much for? 
Whilst thinking in such a disoriented daze, she drifted off to sleep eventually.
###Chapter 87
Chapter 87 
While a heavy, reflective silence filled Vivian’s room, the atmosphere on the other side of the Norton mansion was thick with a far more volatile energy.
Fabian stepped into the bedroom, his expression grim and eyes clouded with a dark, simmering anger. Ashley, who had already changed into a delicate silk nightgown, hurried toward him, winding her arms tightly around his.
“Fabian, where have you been?” she pouted, her voice a practiced lulling tone. “I’ve been waiting for you forever after my shower.”
Under the dim, amber lighting, she looked undeniably seductive. The lace of her gown was sheer and inviting, and she shifted closer, pressing herself against him in an attempt to soften his mood.
But Fabian remained stoic, his body as rigid as stone. He looked down at her, his gaze chillingly cold. “Ashley, is there something you want to explain to me?”
Ashley blinked, her eyes wide with feigned innocence. Inside, her heart skipped a beat at his directness. “Explain what? What’s wrong, Fabian? You’re acting so strange.”
“The photos today.” Seeing her play the fool only snapped the last of his patience. He roughly shook her off. “Who gave you permission to release those photos of Vivian?”
Ashley’s face went deathly pale in an instant. Does he know? How could he know I was the culprit?
“Fabian... I... perhaps you’ve misunderstood?” she stammered, her voice trembling as she tried to regain her footing. “I have no idea how those indecent photos of my sister appeared on that screen, but you have to believe me—”
“Ashley Miller! Enough!” Fabian’s voice rose, sharp with annoyance. He looked at her not with love, but with a burgeoning sense of disgust. “Stop pretending. Great-Grandpa has already found out the truth. Do you have any idea how this reflects on me? To have my fiancée causing such a disgusting fiasco at a family summit?”
Ashley felt the world tilt. Even the Elder Mr. Norton knows?
The realization hit her like a physical blow. In her desperation to ruin Vivian, she had accidentally set her own house on fire. She looked at Fabian and realized he was her only lifeline. Her eyes welled with tears—a specialty of hers—and she grabbed his sleeves piteously.
“Fabian, I’m sorry! I’m so, so sorry,” she sobbed, letting the tears track down her cheeks. “I was just... I was blinded by my own emotions. I wasn’t thinking straight. You won’t leave me because of this, will you?”
Ashley was a beautiful woman, and the sight of her crumbling in sorrow was enough to trigger a reluctant sympathy in Fabian. After all, she was his partner. His anger began to lose its edge, replaced by a weary sigh.
“Ashley, tell me the truth,” he said, his voice softening slightly. “Why? Why would you do something so low?”
Ashley bit her lip, whispering through her tears, “Because I’m terrified...”
“Terrified of what?”
“I’m terrified that you still love her! I see the way you look at her, Fabian. I’m so scared you’ll rekindle things with her and... and you’ll abandon me.”
Fabian hadn't expected such a raw confession. He stood stunned for a moment, looking at her tear-stained face. A wave of guilt washed over him, and he pulled her into a tight, protective embrace.
“You little fool,” he whispered into her ear. “After the repugnant scandal Vivian was involved in two years ago, do you really think I’d ever go back to her?”
Ashley leaned into his chest, but his words offered her no real comfort. Even his promise felt like a hollow shield against the reality of the day's events. The insecurity that had taken root in her heart only seemed to grow thorns.
“Fabian,” she asked softly, her voice muffled against his shirt. “If you had known... back then... that my sister didn't actually do those things. If she was innocent... would you have stayed with her?”
That question had been a thorn in Ashley’s flesh for two years.
She had assumed that once they were separated, they would drift apart like strangers in a crowded city. Life wasn't supposed to be a drama where the leads kept crossing paths. But fate had been cruel; Fabian had become Vivian’s superior at work, and Vivian had married into the family as his aunt.
Ashley had lived in constant fear that Vivian would finally speak up and explain what had really happened that night two years ago. For some reason, Vivian never had. But seeing Fabian’s lingering obsession with his ex-girlfriend lately, Ashley realized she had underestimated their bond.
She felt a cold prickle of panic. If the truth ever came to light, would Fabian drop everything to find his way back to Vivian?

###Chapter 88
Chapter 88 
Meanwhile, Fabian was momentarily stunned. He had not expected Ashley to utter those words, much less cared to question his feelings towards her. However, he quickly recovered and a cold look flashed across his face. “I’ve seen all the photos. What else can I misunderstand? What other explanations are there?” 
Seeing his tense expression, she dared not say anything more. 
Fabian observed the pitiful-looking woman in his arms, then suddenly remembered something. He frowned and questioned, “By the way, why and how did you end up with those photos?” 
After all, those photos were sent to him by an anonymous contact through email. He had not shown them to anyone except for Finnick and Vivian. How did Ashley end up with those photos in the first place? 
The question caught Ashley by surprise. She had been immersed in her worries, and initially thought that she had succeeded in changing the subject. Hearing his inquiry, her face paled once more. 
Oh no! I almost forgot. I have yet to explain the origin of those blasted photos! 
Noticing Ashley’s face had turned white suddenly, something in Fabian clicked. Realizing slowly the suspected truth, he gently pulled her away from his arms. With his stern expression and his raised eyebrows, Fabian interrogated with a frown, “Ashley, are you the one who sent me those photos?” 
Ashley could not help but clench her fingers tightly. She knew that she was now in hot waters. 
In fact, just a few days ago, when she first learned that Vivian was married to Finnick, her mind was so full of unjustified anger that she made up the plan on the spot to sabotage her without any careful planning nor afterthought.
Moreover, she was originally so confident in her plan. She even bribed a servant of the Norton family to help out in her plot. After the grand party, she arranged for the servant to resign and leave, hence tying up any loose ends and made sure that her whole plot was air-tight from being exposed. 
Despite doing all that, she had undoubtedly underestimated the influence of the illustrious Norton family. With their power and efficiency, the investigation had proceeded much faster than she anticipated. That very night, she had been exposed. 
As such, she had not come up with an excuse in time to explain the origin of those photos. 
The moment she heard Fabian’s question, it made her flabbergasted. Her mind plunged into a state of disarray and she wished she were anywhere but here right now. 
Indeed, whether it was the incident from two years ago or the recent case, the photos in Fabian’s possession were sent by her personally. 
Because the scheme two years ago was all planned by her. Even the pinhole camera which snapped those photos was placed by her in the hotel as well. 
Of course, Fabian must never know about all these. 
While trying to calm herself down in the fastest possible time, an idea suddenly hit her. Her spirit was lit up with inspiration, along with her confidence. 
Deliberately pretending to be frightened, she quivered, “Fabian, if I reveal to you how I have gotten hold of these photos, will you blame me?” 
Eyeing her suspiciously with narrowing eyes, he frowned, “Just tell me first, where do you get the photos?”
Ashley purposely avoided his piercing stare and with a stuttering voice, she whispered, “A-Actually… I found them in your phone while browsing through it secretly.” 
With a sullen face, he stared at her warily, trying to spot any tell-tale signs of lying. After all, he had not expected such an explanation from her and could not help but be stunned by it. 
“You looked through my phone?” 
“Yeah.” Gaining momentum, she plucked up her courage and continued, “Do you remember that we were in a restaurant that day? I remembered that you were acting very abnormally. I suspected you might have another lover out there. I was scared, you know. Hence, when the chance arose, I flipped through your phone and saw your email app. Inside your inbox, there was an anonymous email. I clicked on it and saw its content… I didn’t expect to see such a thing. Perhaps I was too overcome with shock that I instinctively forwarded the email to my own cell phone.” 
Meanwhile, Fabian’s face was furrowed, trying hard to recall the event. 
He remembered in the few days after he had received the anonymous email, he had indeed had a meal with Ashley. He had been preoccupied and worried the whole time because of Vivian’s scandalous photos. 
Could things be so straightforward after all? 
Looking down at Ashley beside him, he saw that her eyes were red. She looked pitiful like a helpless little rabbit. The sight of her in such a state triggered a sudden feeling of sympathy in him. 
Deciding to trust her, he gave in, “Okay, I understand.” Further patting her on her shoulder reassuringly, he joked, “Don’t give me that kind of look anymore as if I’m the one bullying you.”
Ashley bit her lips in anticipation and glanced at him cautiously, “Fabian, you don’t blame me anymore?” 
Blame you? 
Of course I blame you. 
Especially when I remember the look in Vivian’s eyes the moment the compromising photos are released. In fact, he was so outraged back then that he wanted to break off the engagement with Ashley there and then. 
And yet, seeing Ashley’s eyes which bore much resemblance to Vivian’s, he could not bring himself to do it. 
Indeed, since his return, he had been too concerned with Vivian’s affairs and had outright neglected Ashley. It was no wonder that the latter had felt no sense of security regarding their relationship. 
In the end, he could sense that Ashley had done this due to her love for him. 
Fabian’s eyes lit up suddenly. 
If only…
###Chapter 89
Chapter 89 
If only Vivian would have loved me as madly as Ashley does, to the point where she’s willing to do anything and everything for me… How great would that be… 
Sighing to himself, Fabian quickly shook his head to snap off from his daydreaming. “I’ll let it pass this time. In the future, don’t do anything reckless without discussing with me first, okay?” 
Hearing that he had let her off the hook, an expression of relief and joy flashed over Ashley’s face. Hugging him, she promised, “Of course! I won’t do it again! I promise! Fabian dear, you’re really good to me.” 
As she gazed at the man in front of her, a flicker flared in her eyes as she straightened up suddenly. Looking at him alluringly, coupled with a seductive voice, she spoke bewitchingly, “Fabian, ever since you’ve returned, it’s been a long while since we last had that…” 
Fabian was rendered speechless. 
With the bedroom only lit by the bedside lamps, the surrounding was dim and the atmosphere was beginning to be filled with a certain anticipation. In the dimness, Ashley’s face involuntarily overlapped with a familiar face in his memory. 
Just then, Ashley took the initiative to close the gap between them. Her red lips pressed closer as her body slowly rubbed enchantingly against him. He could feel her soft curves against his skin as she moaned, “Fabian… I really want you…” 
The moment Ashley approached, the strong scent of her body whiffed past his nose. 
Such bodily fragrance, however, woke him up from a trance, as if a pail of cold water were splashed onto him.
“No.” Sternly, he mouthed that single word and pushed Ashley away. 
Staggering back after being pushed, she looked at him in disbelief. Her feelings were clearly hurt as she called out, “Fabian…” 
Surprised at what he had just done while simultaneously at a loss of how to face her, he could only manage to utter, “I’m too tired today. What about another day?” 
Ashley became upset. Not able to find any words to say, she resorted to biting her lips in frustration and nodded in resignation. 
Fabian quickly got himself ready for a shower. Yet before he entered the bathroom, he could not help but turn towards the stupefied woman. Seeing Ashley in her disconcerted daze, he could not resist adding more salt to the wound, “Ashley dear, the perfume you wear is too pungent. Don’t use it anymore. I don’t like it.” 
The moment he finished uttering those words, he entered the bathroom without waiting for her response or a look back. 
Ashley was left rooted to her spot, her pale face palpable in the dim light as if her body were devoid of any soul. 
She was rejected by Fabian. Again. 
Ever since his return, she had taken the initiative countless times, trying to push herself onto him. However, every attempt had fallen flat as each time Fabian would shot her down. Not only that, but he had also not spent much time with her. Instead, most of the time, he was at his magazine company. 
That magazine company with Vivian in it.
And now, he still dared to remark that my perfume was too pungent? Such obvious spite. Such a condescending attitude! 
When they had first gotten together, he clearly stated that he liked this perfume scent the most. Due to that, she had always painstakingly put it on – be it daytime or nighttime after a bath. 
Yet now he admitted that it would be best for me not to wear any perfume? 
In this day and age, how many girls would not wear perfumes? 
Except for that poor, unstylish Vivian perhaps! 
Vivian William… 
As the name popped into her mind, Ashley suddenly turned pale and shuddered. 
Am I thinking too much again? That Fabian… Perhaps he was still unable to forget and let go of Vivian! 
Her anger suddenly boiled once again and almost exploded. She thrashed the pillows and blanket on the bed, making a mess. 
Vivian! 
You shameless b*tch! 
You’re just a mere peon from a poor, menial family. What gives you the right to wrest my man away from me! 
You’re the one who forced me little by little, step by step into this predicament! So don’t blame me for being merciless from now on!
Taking out her phone in anger after making sure Fabian was still in the bathroom, she dialed a number only she knew. 
“Hey.” As soon as the phone was connected, she spoke with a low, cold tone. “Find me that old man from back then. Tell him that I need a favor from him. If he’s willing to help, I’ll find him several beautiful, blooming girls to entertain him. Complimentary of course, courtesy of yours truly.” 
Early next morning. 
When Vivian woke up, Finnick had already freshened up and was standing in front of the floor-to-ceiling mirror, buttoning his shirt. 
Most of the buttons were still unbuttoned, revealing his solid, stony chest with distinct muscle lines. It was a truly chiseled masterpiece sight to behold, achieved through hard hustling and diligent discipline. 
Vivian had not expected her eyes to be blessed at such early hours in the morning. She could not help but gawk at such a fine specimen of a husband. 
Noticing her blank stare reflected by the mirror, Finnick tried his best to hide his grin. With a hidden smirk and a low, manly voice, he growled gently, “So… Are you satisfied with this body?”
###Chapter 90
Chapter 90 
The sound of Finnick’s voice jolted Vivian out of her daze. Blinking in confusion, her mind replayed his shameless question about his physique, and she felt an immediate, scorching heat rise to her cheeks. She looked away, her heart hammering against her ribs.
Seeing his wife’s obvious discomfort, Finnick raised an eyebrow, his mind already spinning with his next move.
Leaving his shirt casually unbuttoned, he navigated his chair toward her. When she refused to meet his eyes, he leaned forward and caught her chin between his fingers, gently but firmly forcing her to focus on him again.
“Vivian,” he whispered, his voice a low, masculine rumble. “Just watch all you want. I promise I won’t charge you for the view.”
Vivian’s eyes widened in sheer disbelief. Is it just my imagination, or is Finnick getting more shameless with every passing minute? She had never met a man with such thick-skinned confidence. With no way to escape his gaze, she was forced to look at the firm, sculpted lines of his chest just inches from her face. Fearing he would see just how much he was affecting her, she scrambled to change the subject.
“Um... what do you think? Will your grandpa know that we didn't actually do... ‘that’ last night?”
Finnick’s brows rose even higher. He leaned back slightly and gave a nonchalant shrug. “Maybe. But so what if he does?”
“So...” The proximity was making her brain feel like mush. Words tumbled out of her mouth before she could filter them. “Do you think we’ll be scolded for not... finishing the job?”
Finnick’s lips twitched. “Vivian, what exactly are you trying to imply, hmm?”
Realization dawned on her a second too late. Her face turned a shade of red that rivaled a sunset, and she felt a sudden, desperate urge to hide under the covers. I’m such a fool! I’ve walked right into his trap!
“I... I didn’t mean it like that!” she stuttered, her hands waving frantically as she tried to backtrack.
He let out a light, melodic chuckle. “Then pray tell, what did you mean? Perhaps you can enlighten me?” He enunciated every word with a naughty glint in his eyes, his warm breath fanning across the tip of her nose. “Don’t you know that men have certain... needs upon waking up in the morning?”
Vivian was now the color of a ripe tomato. “I-I... I’m really not...”
Finnick had started this as a joke, but seeing her so flustered and flabbergasted made a genuine smirk tug at the corner of his mouth.
“I’m just kidding,” he whispered into her ear. Vivian felt a brief surge of relief, but it was short-lived. “However,” he continued, his voice dropping an octave, “your concern is valid. Since there’s a grain of truth to the matter, we’d better do something about it.”
“Huh?” Before she could ask what he was planning, Finnick leaned down, burying his face against the curve of her neck.
“Ah!” Vivian gasped, her body tensing as she tried to pull back. But Finnick had anticipated her struggle. He caught her hands in his, pressing her gently but firmly back into the mattress.
“Finnick... what are you doing?” she faltered, her voice small.
A moist, itchy sensation crept across her skin. She could feel his lips working—nibbling and sucking at the sensitive area—while his warm breath sent shivers down her spine. Vivian wanted to protest, but as a tingling, sensual warmth spread through her limbs, she found herself in a state of confused, shivering pleasure.
After a long moment, Finnick straightened up slowly, a look of immense satisfaction on his face. He couldn't take his eyes off the dark red mark blooming on her fair skin.
Ignoring her mounting embarrassment, he whispered, “This should suffice, I think.”
Vivian finally found the strength to push him away. She scrambled off the bed and rushed to the mirror, her heart still racing. As she looked at her reflection, she was stunned. Her face was flushed, her eyes were sparkling with an unfamiliar, charming light, and her lips were slightly parted.
Is this really me?
But the aesthetic change wasn't what held her attention. Her eyes locked onto the unmistakable hickey on her neck.
“Finnick Norton!” she cried out, her voice a mix of shock and annoyance. “You... how am I supposed to go out and meet people looking like this?”
Finnick paced toward her with calm, predatory grace. He wrapped his strong arms around her from behind, pulling her into a loving embrace and resting his chin on her shoulder.
He chuckled softly against her skin. “I’m merely leaving my mark on you.”

###Chapter 91
Chapter 91 
Still glaring at Finnick, Vivian had no choice but to change into her clothes. 
When she arrived last night, Molly had prepared some clothes for her to wear upon leaving. 
Upon marrying Finnick, he had actually commanded his servants to prepare her lots of clothes, but as those outfits were too expensive, she dared not wear them too much for fear of appearing too high- profiled. 
The clothes that Molly had prepared to go out were one of them. A seemingly ordinary spaghetti strap dress, it was actually made out of finely tailored exquisite materials, adorning its wearer with impeccable elegance when worn. 
The only flaw with the dress was that since it was a strap-type, the hickey on her neck was in plain sight. 
Since Vivian had not brought any makeup concealer, she made do with just some dabbing of her foundation to cover it. After doing all that she could, she forced herself to go downstairs with Finnick. 
In the dining room, elder Mr. Norton was flanked on both sides by Mark and Fabian, as well as Ashley. All those present were in the midst of chowing down on their breakfast. 
Seeing Finnick arrived late, Mark stared sternly and said, “Finnick, you’re late. How could you let your grandpa wait for you?” 
Finnick retorted sarcastically, “Isn’t grandpa eating now?” As his wheelchair slowly slid to the table side, he continued coyly, “I was a little busy last night, hence I went to bed late.”
Hearing the phrase “a bit busy last night”, everyone on the table seemed to get the same idea. Almost simultaneously, they turned towards Vivian who was beside him. 
From his angle on the side of his table, elder Mr. Norton saw the distinctive mark on Vivian’s neck. His eyes lit up immediately as he elatedly commanded Mr. Zane who was next to him, “Mr. Zane, help me get the bird’s nest that I brought back from overseas a while ago. brew it well and give Ms. William a bowl of it.” 
Feeling flattered, Vivian quickly replied, “Thank you, grandpa.” 
Seeing how elder Mr. Norton cared so much for Vivian, Mark showed a slight dissatisfaction. Perhaps the most obvious one would be Ashley. Jealousy was evident in her eyes as the flame of envy was burning brightly within her. 
Fabian could not help but stare at Vivian as well. He too saw the obvious red mark on her neck. 
That instant, his hands under the table were involuntarily squeezed tightly and his body tensed up. 
Although he had long suspected that something must have happened between Finnick and Vivian, seeing both of them with his own eyes now made him felt unsettled. It was as if there was a monster within him that was roaring with rage. 
Not only that, when he looked at Vivian’s blushing face and her content look, he could not stop himself from imagining what she could be doing with Finnick last night. 
With that, the mealtime was spent surrounded by an awkward atmosphere. 
Fabian was in a bad mood throughout. He and Ashley left the table right after eating. 
Vivian obediently drank the specially-prepared bird’s nest soup before taking her leave alongside Finnick.
Elder Mr. Norton was in a jovial mood and announced that he would like to take a walk after the meal. As such, he accompanied them both to the main door. 
Finnick’s wheelchair slid into the car. Turning to follow, Vivian suddenly felt a hand grabbing her shoulder. 
“Ms. William.” Elder Mr. Norton had a mysterious look on his face as he hinted, “You did well yesterday. However, as an experienced person, allow me to point out that merely doing it once doesn’t amount to much. The chances are just too small. When you both get back, remember to work hard.” 
Initially, Vivian was confused as to what elder Mr. Norton was referring to. As realization struck, her face turned beetroot red immediately. 
Seriously! Both the grandfather and the grandson are so thick-skinned! Both are of the same Norton mold indeed! 
Mumbling something incoherent, Vivian hurriedly got into the car. 
The grand party hosted by the Norton family was finally over without a further hitch. 
In the following days, with the printing deadline for the new issue of the magazine fast approaching, Vivian found herself incredibly busy working closely together with the entire office staff of her magazine company. 
Even Fabian did not have the time to mind Vivian anymore, as he was too caught up with his work. 
Since the failure of the previous cooperation with Q City, the magazine company had found itself short on capital to keep up. This was regarded as the biggest crisis since its establishment. Fortunately, the featured and much-anticipated second interview with Finnick helped boost its sales. In fact, that
particular issue was selling like hotcakes, even setting a new sales record, thus bringing a much- needed relief to the staff. 
That being said, the magazine company can’t very well keep relying on Finnick to boost their magazine’s sales. As such, the short-lasting relief was soon replaced with a headache about the content for the next publication. 
Just when everybody was racking their tired brain, a blaze of hope came in the form of Shannon. Her motivation led her to personally interview and investigate an illegal food processing factory, leading to tons of secret photos and insider stories unknown to the public. 
It just so happened that recently, the domestic issue of food safety had attracted much public attention. Everyone in the office agreed that this was a worthwhile scoop that would sensationally shake the journalism world. Therefore, everyone was united and rushed to work overnight to leave no stones unturned about the illegal food factory. They were hell-bent on producing the best exposé ever written. 
Even Vivian, who was not in charge of the report, was also working overtime. 
As the clock struck twelve midnight, Vivian was still in the office typesetting. Shannon suddenly appeared out of nowhere and with an air of arrogance, chucked a file of documents on Vivian’s desk and said, “This is a list of workers in the illegal factory that I’ve recorded. Many of them did not even possess legal qualifications nor proper documentations. I want you to organize the details in the file.”
###Chapter 92
Chapter 92 
Vivian was already busy with typesetting. Seeing Shannon’s file, she frowned and remarked, “Shannon, I’m really busy right now. I’ve been trying to catch up with my work. Can’t you do it on your own?” 
“What did you just say?” Shannon widened her eyes in disbelief as if she had just heard a blatantly bad joke. “Do you know how busy I am? For your information, I did this investigative interview all by myself! I still have to sort out all the interview transcripts. Yet you expect me to do these chores by myself?” 
Vivian frowned deeper, “But I’m really busy here as well. Why don’t you…” 
Before she could finish her words, Shannon interrupted impatiently, “Vivian, I know you’re just a back- line staff. You’re not as busy as us front-liners. Cut down some of your arrogance, will you? Or do you plan to ask the Chief Editor to help you with your job so you can sit back, do nothing, and get paid?” 
Shannon’s voice was sharp, for she had deliberately raised her tone as she spoke. That sudden outburst caught the attention of most people in the magazine company. 
Feeling tired of the drama, Vivian’s face turned cold and unflinching. 
She took a deep breath, nonchalantly grabbed the documents Shannon had put on her desk, and said indifferently, “Okay, I’ll help you organize it.” 
A smug expression of victory appeared on Shannon’s face. Just as she was about to come up with a witty retort, Vivian spoke again coolly. 
“However, please do not think of yourself as the benefactor of this magazine company after just one successful interview. Get off from your high horse and realize that this is the first time, after being in this company for two whole years, that you are responsible for your first-ever manuscript.”
Although Vivian’s words sounded mean and hurtful, they were also the truth. 
She had joined the magazine company with Shannon at the same time. She was promoted to personally take charge of a separate magazine section starting just last year, whereas Shannon had been stuck with the same chores such as proofreading. 
“You…” Shannon had not anticipated Vivian to turn against her suddenly. Her face turned pale as she also overheard many chuckles from colleagues around her. Reeling with anger, she swiftly gritted her teeth and clenched her fists. She then turned to leave, helpless to retaliate. 
After Shannon stormed off, Sarah slid her chair over and gave Vivian a thumbs-up. “Vivian, well done! What a splendid display to knock that pompous lady down a few pegs! I’ve been annoyed with Shannon these few days. It was just an interview, and yet she was already putting on airs and acting in such a high-and-mighty way.” 
Vivian smiled silently, refusing to comment further. She started to sort out the documents left by Shannon on her desk. 
Scrutinizing the documents in her hand, she could not help but frown deeply. 
The factory mentioned was really evil-hearted. The employees hired were all from the countryside. They were merely simple people who did not know much, tricked into becoming obedient work slaves to the factory. 
Looking at the documents, she hesitated and could not help but mumbled, “If the factory was exposed, what would happen to those poor workers?” 
“All of them would be unemployed,” chipped in Sarah as she shrugged, “I’m responsible for investigating the capital flow of this factory. Recently, they’ve received a lot of large orders. However, they were unable to keep up financially. Seems like the worker wages had been in arrears for a long
time. If we go ahead and expose this factory, all its assets would be frozen. Needless to say, the workers would definitely be affected.” 
Vivian could not bear to hear such cruel reality. Nonetheless, she knew that action must be taken. After all, to continue allowing the food produced by such an irresponsible factory to circulate in the market would burden the consumers as well. It may be a tough topic to side with, but all she could do now was to continue organizing the information on hand. 
As the clock struck eleven o’clock in the morning, Vivian felt a slight cramp in her stomach. 
She rubbed and massaged her tummy with a frown on her face. 
She had a weak stomach, and it would start to hurt the moment she felt even a little hungry. To prepare for overtime, she had munched on a few biscuits beforehand. But time seemed to fly by without her realizing it, and now she could not hold it anymore. 
Realizing that the shop downstairs must have closed at this point, she had no choice but to walk to the pantry to see what was in the refrigerator. 
Since there were too many people working overtime, the snacks in the fridge had long been gone. Left with no choice, Vivian decided to warm up some milk to fill her tummy. 
Just as she was sipping her hot piping milk, she heard footsteps approaching behind her suddenly. 
She turned her head in time to see someone she had no intention of ever meeting nor hoped to bump into.
###Chapter 93
Chapter 93 
Fabian took his lunchbox to the pantry to heat it up. However, he did not expect to bump right into Vivian and was stumped. 
Vivian’s face turned impassive. She turned around to leave but Fabian called out to her. 
“Vivian!” 
Vivian did not stop in her tracks and continued to head outside. She felt Fabian clutching her wrist, and she had to halt her steps. Vivian turned around and was greeted by Fabian’s exasperated look. 
“Vivian.” Fabian’s face sank. “I was calling you. Didn’t you hear me?” 
“I did.” Her tone was cold. “I just didn’t want to answer you.” 
Vivian’s indifference pained Fabian. He unconsciously tightened his grip on her. 
“Are you still mad about the thing that happened at the party?” Fabian tried to suppress his frustration. “I’m really sorry about that. I really have no idea about the photos. You have to trust me. I won’t resort to such despicable acts.” 
Vivian did not want to take heed of him. However, when she heard him say “you have to trust me,” derision fleeted across her face. “Trust you? Trust you how? Trust that you will destroy my reputation? Or trust that you will stop at nothing to torment me?” 
Fabian paled at her lashing out at him. Furious, he demanded, “Vivian, don’t you know what kind of person I am, given that we’ve known each other for so long? I wouldn’t resort to such deplorable acts even if I hate you!”
Fabian’s words made her snicker. 
Her mocking smile had a hint of helplessness. “Fabian, you asked me to trust you. But have you ever trusted me?” 
Fabian was stumped. He did not expect her to say that. 
“We’ve known each other for such a long time. And we’ve been together for three whole years. Don’t you know what kind of person I am?” Vivian was parroting his words back at him. Her eyes went red as she continued, “In spite of it all, you chose to forget who I am with just a few photos and some baseless rumors back then. You have always chosen to trust others.” 
Fabian was shook. 
What is she saying? 
Is she accusing me of not trusting her back then? 
“These are two unrelated matters!” Fabian got inexplicably irritated. “Fine, let’s assume that I’ve misunderstood you in the past. Then would you mind explaining how you—a menial reporter—married my uncle? Isn’t that the best evidence that you would stop at nothing to marry into a rich family? Besides, I’ve seen how you’re all meek in front of Mr. Hark the other day. I just didn’t want to mention this to uncle. I’m afraid that he has no idea what kind of woman you are out there!” 
Vivian came to a startling realization when she looked at Fabian. I just wasted my time and energy talking to this jerk. 
I am a slut in his eyes. Why should I bother discussing trust with him? 
Hah. I’m an idiot.
Fabian thought Vivian had lost her words when she kept mum. He glanced at the red marks still apparent on her neck. The monster in him awakened at the sight. 
“You say that I should have known better, but I don’t think that I’ve seen the true Vivian over the three years that we’ve been together!” Fabian growled at her, “The Vivian William that I knew would blush even when I’m holding her hands, but what about the true Vivian William? You could still parade around with those red marks on your neck. Have you no shame, Vivian?” 
Fabian knew his words were harsh. Going back to a few years back, he wouldn’t have believed that he could utter words that cut so deep. 
However, he felt himself going mad in the face of Vivian. He did not feel like himself anymore. 
Vivian was oddly calm when Fabian threw insults at her. She did not even feel the urge to refute him. Her gaze went icy cold. 
“Fabian Norton,” Vivian muttered softly, her tone impassive. “One day, when you realize that all these are just your assumptions, I will never forgive you even if you come begging at me.”
###Chapter 94
Chapter 94 
Vivian shrugged Fabian off after she was done talking. She did not cast a second glance at him and turned around to leave. 
She only realized that she was gasping for air after she was out of the pantry. 
Her phone rang at this moment. 
She was stumped for a moment when she saw the caller ID. The next moment, she answered the call right away, as if her life depended on it. 
“Finnick…” She spoke first. 
Finnick’s deep voice could be heard on the other end. “Vivian, where are you?” 
“I’m at the office.” Vivian tried her best to reply calmly. “I’m doing overtime, and I’ve sent you a text telling you to have dinner without me.” 
“I know.” Finnick’s voice was placid as usual. Having said that, Vivian held on to it like it was a tranquilizer. “Come down.” 
“Down? Where?” Vivian was puzzled. 
“Downstairs. I’m at your office.” 
Vivian regained her composure and ran toward the elevator despite having heels on. 
Her heart was thumping in the elevator. She was counting down the numbers along with the display in the elevator to herself.
Faster, faster… 
This was the first time that she wished she could see Finnick as soon as possible. 
Ding. 
The elevator stopped at the first floor, and Vivian hurriedly stepped outside. 
She ran toward the entrance, and there was the familiar black Bentley. 
Vivian straightened out her slightly disoriented clothes before heading toward the entrance. At this moment, she was not afraid of being seen by the others in the office anymore. 
In the car, Finnick took in her every move through the window. A flicker of smile fleeted across his deep-set eyes. The door was open for Vivian to enter. 
She climbed into the car straight away. 
“Why are you here?” She looked at the man before her. He was dressed in an emerald, green knitted top, complementing his handsome features. 
“To bring food to you,” Finnick replied impassively as he passed the lunch box in his hand to her. 
Vivian was taken aback. She opened the lunch box, and it was full of Molly’s thoughtfully prepared dishes. 
Vivian lifted her head and stared at Finnick blankly. “You came all the way just to bring me some food?” 
Finnick averted his gaze, uncomfortable at Vivian’s puzzled expression. He coughed slightly. “No, I’m heading for a meeting at the office, and so I thought I’d pop over to hand you lunch on the way.” 
Vivian chuckled.
As smart as Finnick is, he still makes mistakes… 
Her office was at the west, their house was at the east. Finnick’s office was right at the center. How is this “on the way?” 
However, Vivian knew he was too full of pride to admit it. Hence, she let it slide. Taking over the lunch box, she muttered, “Thank you, Finnick.” 
Finnick had only glanced at her then. His deep-set gaze glimmered in the dimly lit car. 
“You’re most welcome,” he said in a low voice. There was a hint of tenderness which even himself did not expect when he spoke. “You may eat it upstairs. I don’t suppose you could be away for a long period of time during overtime hours?” 
Vivian nodded and was about to leave the car. 
She suddenly hoped that she could pause the time. 
Vivian turned around to look at Finnick. 
Noticing her hesitation to get off the car, Finnick frowned. “What’s the matter?” 
Looking at the picturesque man before her, Vivian felt herself going weak. She whispered, without an inkling of thought, “Finnick, can I hug you?” 
Finnick was stumped. It was the last thing that he would expect her to say. 
Silence stretched between the two. Vivian realized that she had gone over the line. She blushed crimson red as her lips curved into a thin smile. “I was just joking. I’ll get going then.” 
She hurriedly got off the car.
Her wrist was grabbed by Finnick before she could leave. 
The next moment, she was pulled into a warm embrace. 
There was a light hint of cigar emanating from Finnick. His masculinity enveloped her, making her feel safe and sound in his embrace.
###Chapter 95
Chapter 95 
“Thank you,” Vivian said softly. Her eyes gleamed with delight as she lifted her head to see Finnick in the eyes. “I’ll go back to work now.” 
Finnick’s lips curved into a smile as he felt her relaxing in his arms. “Okay, I’ll wait for you at home.” 
Vivian nodded and got off the car. 
She did not rush back upstairs after getting off the car. Instead, she saw them off before going back upstairs. 
Vivian clutched the lunch box close to her body, its warmth spread from her clothes, and into her heart. 
Just like… Finnick’s hug. 
She could still detect Finnick’s scent from the hug just now, and her cheeks went red. 
Okay, I should stop. 
Vivian tapped on her cheeks and went back upstairs. 
Her bad mood caused by Fabian earlier had disappeared into thin air because of Finnick. 
After working overtime for the whole day, the final draft of the magazine was finally sent on time to the printing company. 
When Vivian got home that day, she was utterly exhausted that she spent two nights in bed. The magazine had already been published when she woke up.
She had to admit that their effort was well worth it. They exposed a sweatshop factory and managed to garner a lot of attention from the public. Even though the sales did not break Finnick’s previous record, the publicity had managed to attract a number of advertisers. 
The magazine company could finally overcome its crisis this time. 
Vivian was glad that the magazine company could make it through. She had formed a certain emotional attachment to the company, especially since she had been working here for two years. 
There was only one downside to all of this. They would have to suffer Shannon’s obnoxious attitude. 
In spite of it all, they were still overjoyed. Even Fabian, who was usually standoffish, announced that he would treat everyone to a meal that day. 
They cheered at the announcement and vowed to eat to their heart’s content. 
Sarah approached Vivian excitedly. “Vivian, you’re going too, right?” 
Vivian shook her head as she glanced at Fabian amongst the crowd. “No, I have to rush home. Have fun!” 
Disappointment was apparent in Sarah’s eyes. However, she knew things were kind of awkward between Vivian and Fabian. So, she nodded in response. 
Vivian followed them all to the lobby. When they were discussing where to head for dinner tonight, Vivian announced, “Mr. Norton, I won’t be joining you guys because I have some things to settle at home. So, I’ll get going first.” 
Fabian’s eyes flickered at her announcement. However, he merely nodded in response. 
All eyes were on Fabian and Vivian’s interaction. However, they kept quiet since Fabian was still here.
Vivian ignored their curious glances and turned around to leave. 
When she was about to exit the entrance, Vivian bumped into someone. 
“Ouch.” She retracted a few steps back. She lifted her head and saw that she bumped into a dirty man in his thirties. His skin was rough and dark. 
Vivian was taken aback. 
He did not seem like a staff working in her building. Not only that, her instincts as a told her that this man had his guards up and was acting nervously. He did not stop to apologize even after bumping into her and rushed to leave instead. 
Vivian felt a premonition looming and turned around to trace the man. She noticed that the man fished out a shiny . 
Her face paled at the sight of the shiny . 
It’s a knife! 
Vivian wanted to call the security right away. However, she noticed the man was approaching Fabian amongst the crowd. 
She unconsciously rushed toward the man and shouted, “Fabian, watch out!” 
Everything happened in an instance, and she subconsciously called his name. 
Fabian was stumped to hear Vivian and turned around. Then, he noticed a gruesome-looking man rushing toward him with a knife in his hands. 
“Ah!”
###Chapter 96
Chapter 96 
The others from the magazine company had also noticed the man and shrieked as they dispersed. 
The man was clearly aiming for Fabian. He accelerated as the crowd dispersed in fear. The man uttered, “Fabian Norton! You bastard! You caused me to lose my job! Die!” 
Fabian was born with a silver spoon, and he had never experienced anything like this before. He was frozen on the ground, completely stunned as the knife was edging closer to him. 
Vivian rushed over to the man without hesitation. 
She clutched at the man’s arm in an attempt to stop him from harming Fabian. 
The man did not expect that he was going to be stopped by Vivian, and retracted a few steps back. He turned around to face Vivian as he grimaced. “B*tch! How dare you stop me? I’m going to kill you first!” 
Then, he aimed his knife at Vivian. 
Vivian was grabbing on the man’s arm. As he turned around, she fell a few steps back. Before she could steady herself, the knife was already aiming for her. 
All colors drained from her face, and there was no time for her to escape. 
Fabian finally regained composure after seeing that the man went for Vivian instead. 
“Vivian!” He shouted as he rushed to her side. 
However, it was too late. 
The knife had stabbed right into Vivian’s arms.
“Ah…” 
A searing pain coursed through her body. She shivered from the pain and fell to the ground. 
At the same time, Fabian rushed toward the man and punched him in the face. 
His grandfather, Mr. Norton, was an ex-army. Hence, he had high regard for his offspring in this matter. Fabian had learned the art of self-defense and karate from a young age. He was just stunned from the man’s sudden attack. However, this time, he sent the man rolling on the floor with just a punch. 
“Vivian!” Fabian did not give a damn about the man on the floor. He rushed toward Vivian and helped her up. 
His heart sank at the sight of her pale face, and her bloodstained shirt. 
The next moment, he growled at the befuddled crowd. “What are you guys waiting for? Call the ambulance!” 
They finally snapped out of it and hurriedly called for an ambulance. 
Vivian was uncomfortable from him getting so close to her and said in a soft voice, “Don’t worry. It’s just my arms. Let me go. Everyone is watching.” 
Fabian was oblivious to her words and gripped tightly on her bleeding wound. He scowled at her, with a somehow shaky voice, “Vivian William! Are you an idiot? Did you know how dangerous it was just now? Why did you rush to my side?” 
He seemed to have forgotten that people from the magazine company were watching them and had forgotten the fact that he was detesting Vivian just a few days ago. Fabian also threw Vivian’s betrayal two years ago to the back of his mind.
Vivian’s pale face and bleeding wound were all that he could see. 
He kept replaying Vivian calling out to him just now in his mind. 
Vivian’s mind went blank as she looked at Fabian. 
She felt as if Fabian was again the Fabian whom she used to know.
###Chapter 97
Chapter 97 
Vivian felt like she had gone back in time. Before her was not the Fabian in suits, nor the Fabian who mocked her. It was the Fabian who was in a white T-shirt and jeans; the Fabian who rode around the campus and smiled like a boy at her. 
Fabian did not notice the slight change in her gaze. He was still scowling at her, “Vivian, you’re a girl. Why are you pretending like you’re a hero?” 
Vivian was stumped for a moment. Then, she burst into a chuckle. 
Her lips curved into a bittersweet smile. 
She still remembered that this was the very line that Fabian used to say to her when they were studying together. 
He would say this to her whenever she was pulling all-nighters for her scholarship; whenever she spoke up for fellow female classmates; whenever she would register for a marathon when she was on her period… 
He would hold her in his embrace and sulk. “Vivian, have you forgotten that you’re a girl?” 
Then, the sirens of the ambulance could be heard. Fabian picked her up and took no heed of the crowd’s curious glances. He rushed toward the ambulance. 
Vivian was in a turmoil of emotions as she laid in Fabian’s arms. It felt so familiar, yet so distant. 
She took a trail down the memory lane again. Three years ago, she had registered for run even thought she was on her period. She fainted from the pain at the finish line. Fabian also picked her up and dashed toward the clinic…
She was afraid of reliving those moments again. 
The past is a nice place to visit, but not the right place to stay. 
Vivian reached the hospital in no time. She wanted to leave right after tending to her wounds. However, Fabian made a mountain out of a molehill and used his identity to secure her a private ward. Vivian’s protests fell to deaf ears. 
Vivian laid on the hospital bed while Fabian headed out to settle the bill. When she was coming up with an escape plan, her phone rang. 
She shivered at the sight of the caller ID. 
It was Finnick. 
She did not dare to tell him about herself getting hurt. However, it was not an option to ignore his call too. So, she could only begrudgingly answer the call. 
“Hello…” 
“Vivian, where are you?” Finnick asked. 
“I…” Her voice went weak. “I’m at the hospital.” 
“The hospital? What are you doing at the hospital?” Finnick’s voice sank. 
“I-I hurt myself earlier.” Vivian did not want to lie to him, and the bandage would be a dead giveaway anyway. So, she could only tell him the truth. 
“You’re hurt?” There was a hint of anxiety in his voice. “Which hospital are you at?” 
“First Hospital.”
Finnick’s wheelchair appeared at Vivian’s ward just ten minutes after their phone call. He must have rushed here. Vivian was even worried that he might have run all the way here instead. 
Finnick’s face sank when he saw the bandage wrapped around Vivian’s arms. 
He hurriedly wheeled to her side and said coolly, “Vivian, you consider this minor?” 
She recoiled a little and looked at him warily. “Are you mad at me?” 
Finnick was angry. 
He was angry at this woman for not taking good care of herself! 
However, he felt for her when he saw her petite pale face. 
“Forget it.” Finnick’s tone warmed up. “How did you get hurt?” 
Vivian tensed up. She was at a loss for words. 
It’s not like I could say that I took the knife for Fabian, right? 
I think he’s going to explode if I tell him the truth. 
When she was coming up with a viable explanation, the ward’s door was pushed open and Fabian entered. It was obvious that he was still worried about Vivian, so he did not notice Finnick at the side and said, “Vivian, I’ve done all the hospitalization paperwork for you. The man who attacked me has been remanded by the police. You should…” 
Halfway through, he finally noticed Finnick at the side. Stumped, he bit his tongue.
###Chapter 98
Chapter 98 
The atmosphere in the room suddenly became tense. 
“Fabian?” Finnick arched his brows at the sight of him. “What are you doing here?” 
Fabian was not as skilled as Finnick in concealing his feelings. When he saw Finnick, he flinched and replied, “A thug tried to attack me at the magazine company. Vivian was hurt because she tried to protect me. So I sent her here.” 
Vivian’s heart sank. 
Is he doing it on purpose? Why did he have to detail everything out? Isn’t he afraid of Finnick misunderstanding things? 
Vivian cast a nervous glance at Finnick as she tried to observe his reaction. However, Finnick’s deep- set gaze did not give anything away. Her attempt to read him was in vain. 
Vivian… 
Tried to protect me… 
Finnick’s breathing became rapid as he replayed Fabian’s words in his head. 
Fabian seemed like he was showing off. Usually, Finnick paid no heed to such provocation. However, even Finnick had to admit that Fabian’s words had hit the bull’s eye. 
The wound on Vivian’s arms seemed especially jarring at this moment. He took in a few deep breaths to suppress his anger.
“Is it?” When he spoke again, his tone was already calm and composed. “Vivian is your aunt after all. It’s only normal that she saved you.” 
Fabian paled at Finnick’s remark. 
“However,” Finnick parted his lips to speak again, glancing at Vivian who was all jittery. “I hope that she would not be so rash again in the future.” 
Vivian fidgeted under his scrutinizing gaze. She did not contemplate the meaning behind his words and nodded right away. 
Fabian’s face sank further. 
“Okay.” Finnick broke the silence stretching between the three of them. “Fabian, thank you for sending Vivian to the hospital. I will ask Noah to settle the bills with you.” 
Fabian gritted his teeth. “Uncle Finnick, there’s no need to pay me back.” 
“This won’t do. Our Vivian here does not like to feel indebted to outsiders.” 
Our Vivian… 
Outsiders… 
Fabian felt the monster in him bellowing at Finnick’s words. 
However, he held himself in because of Vivian. She’s still looking very weak. 
On the other hand, Vivian was visibly relaxed after hearing Finnick. 
Actually, she had been in a dilemma just now when Fabian went to settle the hospital bill. Fabian was the last person that she would want to be indebted to.
She would much rather for Finnick to help her settle the hospital bill. After all, she was already indebted to Finnick. 
“Very well.” Fabian took in a deep breath. “Then I shall not disturb Uncle Finnick and Aunt Vivian further.” 
Finnick was pleased with Fabian’s sense. He nodded and saw Fabian off. 
Vivian breathed a sigh of relief after Fabian left. 
However, Finnick turned around to face her in no time with a cold, hard face. He said in a low voice, “Vivian William, do you think you owe me an explanation?” 
Vivian felt goosebumps on her back. 
“I… My arm hurts…” Vivian just did not have the courage to face him so she resorted to such a terrible excuse. She complemented her acting with a pitiful face. 
Initially, Vivian thought Finnick would see right through her. However, he furrowed his brows and wheeled closer to her. He reached out to lightly touch the bandage around her arms and asked softly, “Does your wound hurt? Is it infected? Do you want me to call the doctor to have a look?” 
Finnick’s voice was still calm and composed. However, he was obviously concerned. 
Vivian did not expect him to take her so seriously and was contrite over her acting. She chuckled nervously. “Actually, I’m fine… It’s hurting a little. I guess this is quite normal.” 
Finnick lifted his head. The two of them were in close proximity when Finnick was inspecting her wound. Vivian could even see her flustered face reflected in his deep-set gaze.
###Chapter 99
Chapter 99 
Deafening silence ensued. Finnick parted his lips, and Vivian thought he was about to question her again. She was fumbling for an explanation in her head. However, he merely said, “Take a good rest. I’ll ask Molly to send over some chicken soup.” 
Vivian was stumped. She lifted her head to look at Finnick. Just when she was perplexed about Finnick letting her off the hook, he covered her eyes with his palms. 
“Sleep. We’ll talk when you wake up.” 
Finnick’s voice was deep, and it brushed past her ears like a feather. 
Vivian just took some painkillers, and it made her feel quite drowsy. She nodded and dozed off into sleep. 
Strangely, she found that it was much easier to fall asleep with Finnick by her side. 
When Vivian was about to fall asleep, she felt a soft touch on her forehead. 
Then, she heard a low sigh. 
“Vivian William, what am I going to do with you?” 
… 
Noah reached the hospital after Vivian had fallen asleep. He brought along Molly’s chicken soup as well. 
“Mr. Norton, this is…” Noah spoke as he entered the ward and was shushed by Finnick.
Clueless, he turned around and noticed that Vivian was fast asleep. He shut his mouth instantly and followed Finnick out of the ward. 
“Okay, speak,” Finnick spoke after they were in the corridor. “Have you investigated how Vivian got hurt?” 
“Yes, I’ve asked the security guard. A lot of people saw it too.” 
“So, what happened?” 
“Their magazine company just did a piece to expose a food processing factory. The factory went bankrupt and did not pay the wages of their workers. A derailed worker sought revenge from Fabian. And then…” Noah paused, unsure whether if he should continue. 
Finnick’s gaze darkened. “Continue.” 
“The man was actually going after Fabian, but Mrs. Norton dashed over to protect Fabian. The derailed worker was enraged and stabbed Mrs. Norton.” 
Noah was carefully observing Finnick’s every expression when he was reporting. 
However, Finnick seemed quite calm. 
Noah was stymied. 
He thought Mr. Norton cared a lot about Mrs. Norton. Am I mistaken about it? 
“What else?” Finnick said. 
“Um… Onlookers mentioned that Fabian was especially nervous about Mrs. Norton getting hurt,” Noah added. “He hugged Mrs. Norton all the way here to the hospital…”
Finnick’s deep-set gaze darkened further. 
“Okay, you may go,” Finnick seemed unfazed by Noah’s report. 
Noah wiped his nervous sweat. He nodded and prepared to leave. He accidentally caught a glance at Finnick’s wheelchair handle. 
Finnick was clutching on his wheelchair handle previously, and now he had relaxed his grip. To Noah’s surprise, the rubber grip had actually sunken in from Finnick’s tight grip. 
When Vivian woke up, Finnick was still staying by her side. He poured some chicken soup from the thermal flask beside the hospital bed. “Drink this.” 
Vivian supported herself with one hand and got up. Her right hand was hurt. So, she tried to take the chicken soup with her left hand. She was quite clumsy since she was right-handed. Finnick noticed it and furrowed his brows slightly. Then, he took over the spoon in her hands. “Allow me to help.” 
He took a spoonful and lightly blew on it to cool it down before edging it close to her mouth. 
Vivian was taken aback. 
Is he feeding me? 
She did not expect that she would be able to enjoy this kind of treatment. However, she parted her lips and drank it meekly. 
She was inexplicably nervous as she stole glances at Finnick. 
It was hard to read Finnick since he always seemed impassive. She was not sure if he was still mad at her.
When she was contemplating whether to talk about how she got hurt, Finnick broke the silence. “Do you have something you want to tell me?” 
Vivian smiled awkwardly. 
I can’t hide anything from this man.
###Chapter 100
Chapter 100 
“I was just thinking if you were unhappy,” Vivian replied honestly. 
“Unhappy about what?” 
She hesitated for a moment. “Unhappy because I got hurt from saving Fabian.” 
Vivian deliberately replied in a soft voice. It was akin to a fluttering feather on his heart. 
“Yes, I am mad.” Finnick’s deep-set gaze warmed up at her admission of guilt. 
Vivian did not expect Finnick to be so straightforward. She lifted her head and met his gaze. 
He titled his brows slightly at the woman’s adorably puzzled expression. “Aren’t you going to ask why I’m mad?” 
“I-I think I know why you’re mad,” Vivian stuttered. 
“Enlighten me.” 
“Because I’m your wife.” Vivian blinked her eyes. “I don’t think any man could bear with the fact that his wife got hurt because of an ex-boyfriend…” 
The dim in Finnick’s gaze was undetectable to unheeding eyes. 
He did not know whether to feel angry or helpless at her reply. 
Does this stupid woman still think that I’m only feeling possessive over her? 
How obtuse could she get?
“Finnick?” Vivian broke the silence when she noticed that he wasn’t answering her. “I’m sorry. I was inconsiderate of your feelings this time. I will be extra careful next time.” 
Finnick put down the chicken soup in his hand. The sound of the spoon touching the bowl was crisp amidst the pin-drop silence between them. Vivian was taken aback by the sudden move. 
“Vivian, so this is why you think I’m mad?” Finnick looked at her in the eyes. She nodded in response blankly. In return, his gaze darkened further. “What if I say I’m mad not only because you’re my wife?” 
Vivian was stumped. 
Not only because I’m his wife? 
What else could it be? Our marriage is contractual after all. 
Is he… jealous of Fabian? 
The thought fleeted across her mind for only a fraction of a second before she dismissed it. A bitter smile crept her face as she shook her head to clear her head. 
That’s impossible. Finnick is no ordinary man. If I were not his wife, he wouldn’t have bothered himself with me. It’s ridiculous to think that he’s jealous. 
I’m being delusional. 
“I don’t know.” She looked at Fabian helplessly. Baffled, she asked, “Why are you mad then?” 
Finnick’s eyes flashed with fury at her question. 
The next moment, he grabbed her chin and brought her face close to his own. He said in a low voice, almost like a threat, “Vivian, are you really unaware of it? Or are you playing games with me?”
She was a little shocked, especially because he inched himself close to her. 
The hint of fear in her eyes did not go unnoticed. 
It prompted him to be cool-headed right then and there. 
He let go of the woman when he noticed that she was getting frightened. 
“I’m sorry for losing my cool,” Finnick said as he set his back straight on his wheelchair. 
“It’s alright.” Vivian felt like something was off with Finnick today. However, she did not divulge further since he was still mad at her. 
Finnick’s gaze darkened as he regarded Vivian. 
When is this stupid woman going to realize that my feelings toward her are not just the possessiveness of a contractual husband toward his wife? 
Finnick did not have much experience in this matter. Besides, women were always flocking to him. He had not actually pursued a woman before. Hence, he did not know how to express his feelings. 
He suppressed the boiling anger and frustration inside himself after looking at her pale face and the wound on her arm. He was back to his usual calm self. “Vivian, why did you save Fabian?” 
Even though the woman did not understand his feelings, he still felt the need to make certain things clear.

###Chapter 101
Chapter 101 
Vivian did not expect Finnick’s question. She froze for a second before answering, “I didn’t think so much at that time. I just wanted to stop that man. I never thought he’d be that crazy to do something to me as well.” 
Finnick’s eyes darted away but he kept silent. 
“But it’s good that I’ve saved Fabian this time.” As though she had thought of something, an indecipherable glimmer showed up in her eyes. “At least I no longer feel like I still owe him something.” 
It was only then Finnick looked at her. “Owe him something?” 
“Yes.” Vivian nodded. “I had financial issues when I was studying. I kept working and applying for scholarships, and Fabian secretly helped me a lot.” 
Rachel raised Vivian by herself; the former never had the best of health. By the time Vivian entered university, Rachel could no longer afford her daughter’s tuition fees and living expenses. 
That was why Vivian had always applied for scholarships and worked as she studied. However, Z College was full of talented students. It was difficult for her to come across the opportunity to apply for scholarships or seek work. 
Yet, despite having mediocre results, she always managed to clinch the best scholarships. Furthermore, she always “coincidentally” found convenient yet good-paying jobs. 
Back then, she thought it was God favoring her. However, ever since she found out Fabian was the son of the Norton family, she realized the truth— Fabian had been the one helping her behind the scene all along.
Vivian did not like to owe other people favors, especially when she was now in an awkward relationship with Fabian. 
Therefore, by saving him this time, she considered herself having returned his favor. 
From now on, both the favors she had owed him in her younger days and the pain he had brought her would be wiped off the ledger. 
Vivian was lost in her thoughts. She did not notice that Finnick was looking at her with dim eyes. 
She owed Fabian back then? 
Finnick could not find the words to describe the feelings in him. 
Did I come into her life too late? 
The Vivian he knew was an independent woman who always bore her own burdens. 
He never knew she used to be an ordinary student. He also never knew about her past or the financial status of her family, for which she had suffered great humiliation. 
However, Fabian had known her all this while and had been the one to quietly give her love and support. 
Finnick abruptly raised his hand to hold Vivian’s. 
She jumped when the warmth of his hand seeped into hers. Looking up at him, she asked, “Finnick, what’s wrong?” 
Finnick stared at her, his expression hard to fathom. He murmured, “Nothing. I was just hoping I could’ve met you earlier.”
Even if he had not met her in her college days, he would be glad to have met her two years ago. That was her weakest moment, and he wanted to be the one to save her. 
Vivian was dumbfounded by Finnick’s abrupt words. She nodded slowly. Thinking that Finnick was still angry, she added, “Don’t be upset, Finnick. If you were the one in his place yesterday, I’ll go to you, too.” 
Vivian only said those words to appease Finnick; she never thought her simple words would stun him. 
Right away, his anger faded away. 
In fact, the corner of his lips even turned upwards. He raised a brow and gazed at Vivian. “Do you mean it?” 
Vivian nodded fervently. 
Looking at the obedient woman, even Finnick himself could not believe the frustration he had been feeling could dissipate so quickly. 
Damn it. 
Are my feelings already so easily swayed by Vivian William? 
He tried his best to maintain his calmness. After carefully feeding her the chicken soup, he moved, about to leave. “I’m going back to the office. Rest well here.” 
When he turned to leave, Vivian suddenly grabbed the edge of his shirt.
###Chapter 102
Chapter 102 
Finnick froze before turning around. “What’s wrong?” 
“I… don’t want to stay in the hospital.” Vivian looked at him with a slight frown. “I’ve always hated being in the hospital. Also, look at me: it’s just a minor injury so there’s no need for me to stay here. Can I go home?” 
Finnick frowned. “It’s safer to stay in the hospital. What if your wound gets infected? What if that man’s dagger has some virus or bacteria on it?” 
Vivian was speechless. 
He’s just a working-class man. He won’t think that much. 
Knowing that Finnick could not be persuaded by force, she tried to feign pity. “Finnick, I’m really fine. Moreover, you’ll be there. If my wound gets infected, you can call the doctor for me, right?” 
Indeed, Finnick’s furrowed brows relaxed. She swiftly added, “Furthermore, the hospital is having a shortage of beds now. It’s not right for me to use a room when I’m completely fine, is it?” 
A part of Finnick’s heart softened seeing the way she tried to convince him. “Alright. I’ll send you home before I go to the office.” 
Vivian cheered in her mind as she watched Finnick arrange for her discharge. Soon, she was in Finnick’s black Bentley. 
On their way back, Vivian thought of something. “Right. Finnick, what happened to the person who hurt me?”
“I’ve arranged for a lawyer to take up the case.” When he thought about that person, Finnick’s expression turned colder. “Don’t worry. I won’t let him off easily.” 
If not for that idiotic Fabian getting the cops involved with this, I’d definitely have made that man’s life a living hell. 
Vivian frowned. “Finnick, don’t cross the line. Scaring him is more than enough.” 
Finnick turned to look at Vivian. “He hurt you. Aren’t you angry?” 
“A little,” Vivian muttered, “But at the end of the day, they’re pitiful people. They’ve left everything behind to work in the city but they still have nothing in the end. That’s why they tried to take revenge on us. It’s frustration that they’re feeling. Of course, they’re doing it the wrong way, but the truly evil ones is that senior manager. I only want to teach him a lesson so he knows what he’s done wrong.” 
Finnick peeked at Vivian, but he neither agreed with nor refused her. He only said, “I understand. We’ve arrived. Rest first.” 
It was then that Vivian realized they had arrived at the villa. She stepped out of the car. 
After Vivian got out, Noah, seated in the front passenger seat, turned and queried, “Mr. Norton, so what do we do with the man who hurt Ms. William?” 
“Tell the lawyer to bail him out. Once he’s out, teach him a lesson,” Finnick ordered. 
Leaving this man, who hurt my woman, to the police is too easy of a way out for him. 
Not surprised by Finnick’s answer, Noah nodded, but what Finnick said next was out of his expectation. “After teaching him a lesson, let him go. You should then look for those at the management level, find evidence of their corruption, and make them pay off the company’s debts with their private assets. Make them pay the employees, too.”
Noah was stunned. He stared in disbelief at Finnick. 
Since when did Mr. Norton become so nice? I can’t believe he’s actually concerned about the employees’ wages. 
Finnick ignored him. He simply watched Molly come to the door and anxiously help Vivian into the house. 
Finnick was not a benevolent busybody. 
However, this was different: it was Vivian’s request. 
The man who hurt Vivian had to pay his price. However, Vivian pitied him, so Finnick would do as she wished and help those employees. 
As long it was something she wanted, he would do it for her. 
…… 
At the Norton residence. 
Fabian was calculating the sales of the current magazine issue. However, no matter how many times he did the sum, the figures were wrong. In the end, he pushed away his laptop in frustration and leaned back in the chair. 
Damn it. 
It had been days. Ever since Vivian was hurt because of him, his mind had been wandering. 
No matter what he did, the anxious look Vivian had when she ran toward him kept appearing in his mind.
He had thought she was no longer the Vivian he knew, but she had saved him.
###Chapter 103
Chapter 103 
If she were a woman who worshipped the rich and gave up everything for money, she would not have saved him when he was in danger. 
Have I misunderstood something about her these two years? 
Frustration was overwhelming Fabian. 
Whenever he thought about the possibility of him having misunderstood Vivian, he became agitated. Yet, he felt it was impossible that he had been mistaken. 
After a long while of feeling conflicted, he finally took his phone and made a call. 
“Hello? It’s me,” Fabian uttered when the call was picked up, “Check something for me. Investigate it. I want the truth.” 
After reaching home, Vivian took a long shower and finally got rid of the disinfectant smell of the hospital. 
Sleep took control over her soon after she lay on her bed. 
She did not like being in hospitals, so she had not slept well the few nights she had spent there. Now, she was finally back. 
She subconsciously turned toward Finnick’s side of the bed. 
When her head sank into the soft pillow, Vivian suddenly smelled Finnick’s scent. 
It was the smell of his shampoo, along with a tinge of cigar fragrance. Vivian felt a wave of calmness washing over her as she breathed in the blended scent.
She suddenly felt greedy, not wanting to turn back to her spot. She ended up falling asleep on Finnick’s pillow. 
In the evening, when Finnick entered the bedroom, he saw Vivian lying on his side of the bed like a kitten. 
He stood transfixed for a second before curling his lips upward in the next. 
Closing the door, he silently stood up from the wheelchair and walked toward the bed. 
Vivian was in deep sleep and did not notice him coming closer. 
Finnick had wanted to tuck her into the blanket, but when he lifted the blanket he saw the wound on her arm. He could not help but furrow his brows. 
Vivian had showered earlier. Although she made sure to keep her wound away from water, some water had still made its way there. The bandage was slightly damp, and as she fell asleep so quickly, she had forgotten to change her bandage. 
Dissatisfaction swirled in Finnick’s eyes. 
She’s an adult. Why can’t she take better care of herself? 
Finnick had wanted to wake Vivian up to change her bandage, but when he looked at her deep in slumber—she was even drooling on his pillow—he could not bring himself to do so. 
With a sigh, he picked up the medication on the table that Vivian brought back from the hospital and placed it on the bed. He then slowly unwrapped her bandage. 
Vivian was sound asleep when she sensed someone touching the bandage on her hand. In the beginning, she took no notice of it, but pain abruptly exploded at the site of her wound. It was then she
jerked awake. “Ouch!” 
The moment she opened her eyes, she saw Finnick sitting by her bed with a cotton swab in his hand. The bandage on her arm was completely unwrapped, exposing her wound to the air. 
“Finnick?” She stiffened. “You’re back?” 
“Yes.” Finnick did not look at her but continued to focus on his task at hand. 
Immediately, Vivian gritted her teeth from the pain. She could not help but curl up. “B-Be gentler.” 
Finnick lifted a brow. “I’m not being rough. You forgot to change your bandage in time, so the wound is a little infected. I have to clear the pus before I can apply medication.” 
Vivian suddenly recalled the doctor informing her to change her bandage twice a day. However, she had fallen asleep since she came home, so she had not done that. 
“I’ve forgotten about it,” she murmured. 
Finnick shot her a disgruntled look. As if he was punishing her, he pressed the swab harder than he should. “How can you forget about something as important as this? Should I let you stay in the hospital? That’s safer.” 
Pain traveled up her arm from her wound, and Vivian’s face paled. She begged, “I know I’m wrong, but I’m too tired this time. Tell Molly about it and let her remind me.” 
When he saw sweat beading on Vivian’s forehead, Finnick immediately stopped pressing as hard. He frowned and asked, “Does it hurt that much?” 
“Obviously. Try getting stabbed with a knife,” Vivian grumbled.
It was just some words of complaint, but Finnick lowered his eyes and whispered, “I have been stabbed before.”
###Chapter 104
Chapter 104 
Vivian froze. She turned to look at Finnick. “Was it when you were kidnapped ten years ago? 
Finnick was raised in a rich family. Other than the kidnapping ten years ago, Vivian could not think of any way he could have been seriously injured. 
“That’s right.” Finnick lowered his head as he applied medication to her wound, so she could not see his expression. “Three blows, all on my leg. If I weren’t treated in time back then, I would really have been crippled.” 
Vivian’s arm shuddered. She then realized how irresponsible her words were. She lowered her gaze and murmured, “I’m sorry…” 
“What are you sorry about?” 
“I mentioned something upsetting.” Vivian suddenly felt that she had complained too much about her injury. It was minor in comparison to what Finnick had gone through. She was sounding like she was made of glass. 
“It’s fine,” Finnick replied. 
However, Vivian could not help but ask, “Do you have scars? Were there any repercussions?” 
Although Vivian had glanced at Finnick’s body in the bathroom previously, he had a towel wrapped around his waist so she never saw his lower body. That was why she did not know about the wounds on this leg. 
“My physical therapy was quite the success, so there aren’t any major issues. That spot only hurts when it rains,” Finnick answered. Right then, a thought entered his mind and he looked up at Vivian
with a raised brow. “Why, do you want to take a look?” 
“At the scar?” Vivian froze. The injury was at such a sensitive spot; how am I supposed to look at it? Hurriedly, she muttered, “No, no. Ah!” 
She was in the middle of rejecting him when pain once again radiated from her injured arm, making her scream aloud. 
“Finally, it’s out.” In comparison with Vivian’s pallid face, Finnick looked calm as he threw the cotton swab onto a piece of tissue. 
Dumbfounded for a few seconds, she only realized what had happened after seeing the scab with pus at the tip of the cotton swab. 
Finnick only made the suggestion of looking at his scar to divert her attention so that he could do a thorough cleaning of her injured spot. 
“We’ll be done once the medication is applied.” Looking at Vivian’s colorless face, Finnick softened his tone. He took a new cotton swab and dabbed on her wound. “Hold on for a little longer.” 
“I know, but… Be gentler. Ah! Not here… Gentler.” 
Vivian focused all her attention on the pain she felt while Finnick applied medication for her. She did not know that outside her room, Molly had heard a part of their conversation and was blushing bright red. 
Molly had come to ask Vivian and Finnick to go downstairs for food. She never thought that she would hear Vivian screaming and mumbling words like “no” and “gentler.” 
One must forgive Molly for having thought of the wrong things.
Molly was excited by what she had heard. She abandoned her original thought of asking the two to eat and rushed back downstairs. 
“Molly, where are Mr. and Mrs. Norton?” When Liam saw Molly coming downstairs alone, he furrowed his brows. “Come and eat. The food’s getting cold.” 
“Who cares about the food?” Molly walked over with a reddened face. “They’re busy in their room. Don’t interrupt them.” 
Liam was clueless for a second before he realized what Molly was talking about. He, too, had a look of joy on his face. “Do you mean they’re…” 
“Hush, old man. Aren’t you ashamed to say those things out loud?” Molly shot a glare at Liam but she could not hide the smile on her face. 
“This is great news!” Liam was exceptionally happy as well. He promptly stood up. “I have to tell the good news to the elder Mr. Norton.” 
Upstairs, Vivian had no idea her shouts of pain had been misinterpreted by Molly and Liam. 
After changing her bandage, she noticed her growling stomach and went downstairs with Finnick. 
When Molly saw them, she was taken aback. “Oh, why are you so quick? I mean, I just finished preparing dinner. Come and eat quickly, Mr. and Mrs. Norton.” 
Vivian sat down on the chair, but her arm movements were restricted. Molly moved over and was about to feed her when Finnick had already wheeled himself next to her. He picked up the bowl and asked quietly, “What do you want to eat?”
###Chapter 105
Chapter 105 
By now, Vivian was more used to being fed by Finnick as he had done it for her once back at the hospital. She obediently replied, “I want the broccoli and eggplants.” 
Finnick immediately took the food and fed them to Vivian. 
Beside them, both Molly and Liam were astounded by the scene. 
Mr. Norton is feeding someone? 
This is unbelievable. I never thought I’d live to see this with my own eyes! 
Vivian took a long time to finish dinner. She was beyond embarrassed when she saw Finnick busily feeding her. Awkwardly, she mumbled, “Finnick, I can eat with my left hand. Please just eat your dinner.” 
Finnick ignored her. He only started eating when she was done with her meal. 
Soon, Finnick was done as well. When he saw Molly clearing the dishes, he said, “Molly, Vivian needs to change her bandage every day. Do remind her in the future.” 
Molly nodded. The plates were in her hands, but she did not head to the kitchen. 
Realizing the woman seemed to have something to say to him, he raised his head and queried, “Is there anything else?” 
“About that… Mr. Norton…” Molly hesitated, but looking at the pallor of Vivian’s face she continued, “Although it’s good that you’re loving with Mrs. Norton, she is still injured. Shouldn’t you… Shouldn’t you be gentler?”
Molly only had good intentions when she said those words. She had heard Vivian’s scream earlier and then noticed she was quite pale when she came downstairs for a meal. Molly’s heart ached for the younger woman. 
Both Finnick and Vivian were dumbfounded. However, they were adults and they soon realized what was going on with the reddened faces and suggestive looks on Molly and Liam. 
Vivian’s face flushed red. 
Oh no. 
Did Molly misunderstand my shouts of pain when he was applying medication for me earlier? 
“Molly, actually-” Vivian was easily embarrassed and was about to explain to Molly when Finnick interrupted, “Molly, don’t worry.” 
Finnick had a tranquil look on his face. “I know Vivian’s hurt so I was being careful with her. I was the one who did everything.” 
Vivian’s eyes grew wide as saucers. 
What do you mean you did everything? 
Not only is he not blushing from this, but he even made such an embarrassing lie! 
Both Molly and Liam had not expected the usually cold Finnick to say something as blatant as this. They were stunned by his words but soon recollected themselves. With a smile, they nodded. “That’s good. You are considerate after all.” 
The hell you are considerate!
By now, Vivian was as red as a tomato. She was about to open her mouth to explain, but Finnick squeezed her hand under the table. Evidently, he did not want her to say anything. 
Thus, with a flushed face, she could only quietly let Finnick hold her hand as they went upstairs. 
Vivian finally exploded when they retreated to their room. 
She grabbed a pillow with her uninjured hand and threw it at Finnick. “Finnick, what nonsense were you talking about just now? What do you mean by you did everything? You’re… You’re ridiculous!” 
Finnick caught the pillow easily before it hit him. 
He could not help but burst into laughter when he saw her huffing in anger. 
I’m sure she doesn’t even realize that she’s getting more and more unruly in front of me. She even dares to hit me now! 
However, the way Vivian was acting actually lifted his mood. 
A barely discernible smile grew on his lips as he asked, “What’s wrong? You don’t like it? But we’re husband and wife and it’s normal for us to do such things in bed. Otherwise, how will Molly report to Grandpa?” 
Vivian tensed up. Her senses slowly came back to her as she recalled Finnick telling her that Molly and Liam were sent by his grandfather to monitor Finnick and her. 
It was then she realized Finnick had meant for Molly and Liam—and therefore the elder Mr. Norton—to misunderstand them. 
“But…” Vivian still felt her face heating up when she thought about what Finnick had said earlier. “You didn’t need to… say things that way…”
###Chapter 106
Chapter 106 
A sense of adoration swelled in Finnick’s heart when he looked at the blush on Vivian’s face. His eyebrows rose. “What things?” 
“The ones like ‘I did all the work’…” Vivian’s voice trailed off as her head hung lower and lower. 
Finnick let out a soft chuckle as he raised Vivian’s chin with his thumb. “I’m serious about what I said. I’m supposed to be the one taking lead. Unless… you’re interested to give it a try?” 
“N-No need.” Like a mouse whose tail was stepped on, she jumped and ran toward the wardrobe. “I-I’m going to take a shower now. Bye!” 
With that said, she hurriedly grabbed her towel with her left hand and rushed into the bathroom. 
Inside the bathroom, Vivian stared at her bright red face in the mirror. 
Damn it. 
She covered her face with her hands. 
Vivian William, why are you so useless? All Finnick did was joke with you a little. Why are you so dramatic with your reactions? Idiot. 
Although Vivian’s arm was injured, Finnick’s bathroom was well-equipped with a high-tech showerhead; she could adjust the range for the water to flow down. Carefully, she showered without wetting the wound. 
When she walked out of the bathroom after her shower, she saw Finnick sitting still on the balcony.
Vivian dried her hair with her towel. She was about to tell him it was his turn but stopped after taking a few steps closer. 
She saw an item in Finnick’s hands, and he was staring at it in a daze. 
Shining brilliantly under the moonlight, Vivian immediately recognized the item. 
That necklace again. 
Vivian had seen this necklace multiple times. Every time, Finnick would hold it like it was something precious and stare at it in a daze. 
Vivian swallowed the words that were at the tip of her tongue; she looked at Finnick silently instead. 
The moon was bright tonight. The expression on Finnick’s face was vastly different from the one he often wore, as if he were someone else. 
His expression was a blend of longing, regret, and helplessness. 
Vivian did not know why she was feeling uncomfortably upset, as if a porcupine had pricked her heart. 
Right then, seemingly sensing Vivian’s presence, Finnick turned around. 
“You’re done?” In a blink of an eye, the expression on his face had returned to its usual indifference. His hand had closed around the necklace, hiding it away from view. 
“Mm.” As quickly as possible, Vivian calmed herself down. “It’s your turn.” 
“Okay,” Finnick replied, then went back into the room. 
Instead of heading straight to the bathroom, he went to his desk. He carefully placed the necklace into the first drawer before entering the bathroom with his towel.
Vivian remained in the room. When she heard the sounds of running water coming from the bathroom, her eyes flitted toward the desk. 
She grew curious. 
What is the history of that necklace? Why does he always look so sad when he sees that necklace? 
Vivian did not know what was wrong with her. She had never been a nosy person, but now she felt an invisible hand was pushing her in the direction of the desk. 
Just one look. 
It should be fine, right? 
After making sure Finnick was still showering inside the bathroom, Vivian held her breath and sneakily opened his drawer. 
She did not know what was wrong with her. That necklace felt like a thorn in her heart, and she could not get it out of her mind. 
She had never felt like this, not even when she was with Fabian back then. 
Finnick’s drawer was not locked and she could easily open it. Vivian saw several documents inside. On top of the documents were several photos as well as that necklace. 
She carefully took out the necklace and rested it on her palm. 
It was a beautiful crystal necklace. Although it was not as luxurious as one made of diamonds, it gave off a sense of innocence. It was apparent from the workmanship that this was no cheap necklace. 
Vivian turned the necklace in her hands. When she saw the back of it, she stopped in her tracks.
The front of the necklace showed a heart, and at the back of it was a word.
###Chapter 107
Chapter 107 
While the rest of the necklace was carved delicately, it was obvious that this word was carved by someone unfamiliar with jewelry. It was slightly rough but readable—Eve. 
Eve… 
The elder Mr. Norton’s words suddenly echoed in her mind. it’s been ten years. Ever since Evelyn died, I thought Finnick won’t fall in love with anyone else anymore. 
Does this necklace belong to that woman named Evelyn? 
Who is she? Is she Finnick’s ex-girlfriend? What happened to her? 
Driven by curiosity, Vivian could not help but take the photos out of the drawer as well. 
When she saw the photos, her hands stiffened. 
In the photos were a young man and woman in their late teens. 
Vivian easily recognized the young man as Finnick. 
It was Finnick when he was much younger; he did not look like the mature man he was now. In the photos, he looked just as handsome but more youthful and exuberant. 
If today’s Finnick were a cup of aromatic and gentle white tea, the Finnick back then must have been a glass of whiskey, intense and proud. But just as good-looking to attract anybody with one glance. 
However, what Vivian was more concerned with was the girl in the photo. 
She was beautiful, so pretty to the point even Vivian could not tear her eyes away from her.
She had always thought Ashley was beautiful, but in comparison with this girl, who was like a rose, Ashley was a mere carnation. There was something the girl had that Ashley did not. 
Is this pretty girl… Evelyn? The owner of this necklace? 
A sense of misery surged in Vivian’s heart. 
It was the same feeling as she had felt back in elementary school when Harvey finally grew a conscience and transferred her to a private school. The first time she saw Ashley, the latter was wearing a pretty dress while she herself was in hand-me-downs that had belonged to a neighbor’s son. Vivian now felt the same anxiety. 
Vivian was lost in her thoughts. She did not even notice that the sound of running water from the bathroom had ceased. 
Not until a cold and furious voice traveled into her ears. 
“Vivian, what are you doing?” 
By the time Vivian snapped back to her senses, a cold bucket of water had metaphorically poured onto her. She swiftly stood up to see that Finnick had come out of the bathroom. He was in pajamas and his hair was still damp. His cold, dark eyes were fixed on her. 
Still holding onto the necklace, Vivian panicked, feeling like a thief caught in action. “Finnick, I- Ah!” 
She frantically tried to explain herself while putting the necklace back into the drawer. In the midst of her nervousness, she dropped the necklace. 
The color on her face drained. 
It was a crystal necklace! It would shatter when it fell onto the floor!
She instantly crouched down to catch it, without caring that her arm was injured. Vivian could feel her wound tear, but the thought of her injury was at the very back of her mind. 
Yet, Finnick was faster than she. 
He crouched after a quick step over and caught the necklace before it could come into contact with the floor. 
As such, Vivian only grasped the air instead of the necklace. She heaved a relieved sigh when she saw that the necklace was safe. 
Before she could finish sighing, she heard Finnick’s frigid voice above her head. 
“Vivian, can you explain to me what you’re doing?” 
Her heart skipped a beat. When she lifted her head, she could see Finnick staring at her coldly while holding onto the necklace. 
When she locked eyes with him, her heart ached as though a hammer had struck it. 
She never thought that Finnick would ever look at her in this way. 
Even when they were unfamiliar with each other back then and Finnick had been indifferent to her, he had never given her a look like this. 
His frigid look embodied disgust and hatred. 
Vivian’s lips trembled before she finally whispered, “I’m sorry. I keep seeing you lost in your thoughts while looking at the necklace. I couldn’t help but feel curious…”
###Chapter 108
Chapter 108 
Her voice grew soft, so soft that it could barely be heard. 
Even Vivian knew how terrible her excuse was. She had been snooping around. She could barely believe that she had done something so horrible. 
When Finnick saw how pale Vivian was, he felt a blunt ache in his heart. 
Damn it. 
Was I too harsh with her? Did I scare her? 
Finnick did not want to sound mad at her, but when the necklace was nearly dropped on the ground, wrath had exploded in his chest. 
The necklace meant too many things to him. If it had shattered… 
Finnick dared not imagine it. 
Knowing that he would not be able to speak with Vivian calmly now, he turned and went toward the wardrobe. He took out his shirt and muttered, “I have some things to attend to in the office. I’ll go out for a while. Rest early.” 
Vivian’s lashes fluttered. 
Does Finnick not want to see me? 
She could not say anything but bite on her lower lip and nod. 
Finnick was quick to change. Without drying his hair, he sat in his wheelchair and left the room.
Molly was cleaning the house when she saw Finnick come downstairs. She stared at him with wide eyes. 
“Mr. Norton, it’s already so late in the night. Where are you going?” She hurried over. “And your hair! Why is it wet? Dry it quickly!” 
Finnick paused in his tracks. Although his expression remained cold, he calmly uttered, “Molly, I have things to attend to in the office. Remember to remind Vivian to change her bandage.” 
“Sure, but…” 
Before Molly could finish her sentence, Finnick had wheeled away without sparing another glance at her. 
In the room. 
As if she had lost her soul, Vivian collapsed onto the bed. 
Pangs of sharp pain came from her arm. She carefully unwrapped the bandage to look at it and found that her wound had indeed ruptured. 
Vivian knew she had to clean the wound again, so she picked up a new cotton swab. Unfortunately, her left hand was not as nimble and she stabbed her wound a few times, causing more bleeding. 
Tears fell from her eyes. She did not know if it was from the pain or from Finnick’s reprimand earlier. 
Seems like the necklace means a great deal to Finnick. 
All she did was to hold it in her hands, and Finnick lost his temper. 
But…
How cruel. I’m a person, but I’m no match for a necklace. ‘m just a speck of dust in Finnick’s heart. 
The unpleasant thought reared its ugly head in her mind, so much so that it even surprised Vivian herself. 
The next second, she flashed a bitter smile. 
Vivian, Vivian. Why should Finnick think that you’re more important than that necklace? 
That necklace should be a gift from his ex-girlfriend, Evelyn. She’s such a pretty girl. Even a strand of her hair is prettier than your entire being. Naturally, her necklace matters much more than you. 
Besides, aren’t you too carried away recently? Just because Finnick is now slightly nicer to you, you’ve forgotten who you are. How dare you rummage through his things! 
You think too highly of yourself. 
Vivian should have known that other than her mother, no one else would truly care about her in this world. 
Her biological father, Harvey, and Fabian, who had promised to stay by her side forever, were only passersby in her life. 
How can I possibly hope Finnick will treat me differently? 
Vivian understood this better than anyone. 
But… 
Why does my chest feel so tight?
Vivian reached out to put her hand on her chest. It was painful and uncomfortable as if it were squeezed by an invisible force. 
Is it because… 
A thought flashed across her mind. She suddenly felt there was something in her heart she could no longer ignore. 
Is it because… 
I’m falling in love with Finnick? 
…… 
That night, Finnick did not return.
###Chapter 109
Chapter 109 
Molly wanted to help Vivian clean her wound but the latter rejected her offer. Vivian did not want Molly to see her reddened eyes, so she decided to clean it herself. 
Vivian woke up early the next morning and felt instantly lonely when she realized there was no one around her. 
Damn it. 
She patted her cheeks to wake herself up. 
Vivian did not like how she looked at this point; she needed to pull herself together. 
After breaking up with Fabian two years ago, she swore to never fall in love with anyone again, even though she would still get married and have children. 
Am I going to lose myself again? 
No. No way. 
Vivian made a swift decision. 
She got out of the bed and dragged a few luggage bags downstairs with her left hand. 
“Where are you going, Mrs. Norton?” Molly was taken aback. 
“My mom was recently discharged from the hospital, so I plan to go home and take care of her.” Vivian pursed her lips and looked at Molly. “I miss her.”
“But you’re still injured. How are you going to take care of someone else?” Molly panicked. “Why don’t you bring your mom over? I can take care of her as well.” 
Vivian rejected. “It’s alright, Molly. My mom wouldn’t feel comfortable staying here. I’ll tell Finnick about this, so don’t worry.” 
After finishing her breakfast, Vivian called a car and left the residence. 
Upon arriving at her own home, Vivian spent some time cleaning the space. After all, she had been away for quite some time. She took a glance at her watch and decided to go to work since it was still early. 
By right, she should have returned to work since her injury was just a minor one. She was, however, still given a week off, and no one from the magazine company questioned her. It must be because of Fabian. 
When she arrived at the office, Sarah and Jenny went up to her to genuinely inquire about her health. Though Shannon and a few other colleagues made fun of her from afar, Vivian did not let that bother her. 
Just as she was about to start working, she heard some fast-paced footsteps coming in her direction. 
She turned around and saw Fabian’s tensed expression. 
“Mr. Norton?” Vivian stood up from her chair right away. She looked at Fabian and knitted her brows. “Yes?” 
She was not sure if her mind was playing tricks on her but felt Fabian looked strange today. 
It was as if a demon had possessed him. He disregarded the people around, went up to Vivian, and grabbed her by her shoulder. Fabian growled in a deep voice, “Why didn’t you tell me you were
innocent? Someone framed you two years ago, am I right?” 
Vivian was thunderstruck; she became as white as a sheet. 
Her lips began to twitch. She glared at Fabian and was at a loss for words. 
Fabian got even more teary-eyed as he continued to shake her. “Why didn’t you explain yourself? Why did you allow me to humiliate you and insult you?” 
Fabian had reached his breaking point. 
It was clear that someone had set Vivian up when Fabian investigated her two years ago. He could not describe his feelings at this moment after learning that she had been wrongly accused. 
He could not imagine the pain and struggle she had gone through over the years. 
Not only did he not offer her the help she needed, but he also even rubbed salt into her wound by humiliating her. 
At the same time, he was also mad at her for suffering in silence ever since they reunited. He was mad at her for not clearing things up. 
Fabian could not control his emotions, and this was why he wanted to seek Vivian’s confirmation today. Even if she’s at Finnick’s place, he would still make a trip there to hear what she had to say! 
But as he was about to leave his office, he realized Vivian had returned to work. 
Fabian did not care what the people around would think of him; he just wanted Vivian to tell him the truth.
###Chapter 110
Chapter 110 
Fabian was so emotional that he had forgotten Vivian was injured. The way he shook her shoulders gave her excruciating pain, and her face turned even paler. 
Upon seeing her ashen face, Fabian finally calmed down a little. He immediately released her from his grip. “I’m sorry. I forgot you’re injured.” 
Vivian, too, regained her composure. She took a sidelong glance at the crowd and whispered, “Let’s talk in the office.” 
Fabian realized he had gone overboard. He nodded and walked into the office with Vivian following right behind. 
The minute the two of them entered Fabian’s office, the crowd started discussing the unexpected turn of events. 
“Oh my, what was that? So the rumors are real? They used to be a couple?” 
“Yes, they were. I heard they broke up when he learned that Vivian sold herself, but it seems he’s now realized it was all a misunderstanding?” 
“So Vivian is innocent? I knew it! We all have known her for two years now, and she’s a great girl! She can’t be involved in that kind of filthy business!” 
Upon seeing everyone started taking Vivian’s side, Shannon could not help but grit her teeth and stand up. 
“Shannon, where are you going?”
“I’m not feeling well. I’m taking a day off!” 
… 
In Fabian’s office, Vivian sat on the couch, and her face still looked as pallid as ever. She looked at Fabian pacing back and forth in front of her and did not know what to say. 
In the end, Vivian let out a sigh and said, “Calm down, Fabian.” 
She knew Fabian would act like this when he was emotionally unstable. 
He stopped walking and stared at her while his expression remained unchanged. “Why didn’t you tell me the truth?” 
Vivian’s eyes glistened. “So you now know?” 
“Yes! I know everything now!” He stood in front of her and let out a low grunt, “Why didn’t you explain yourself? Despite all the things I’ve done and said, you just… how could you stay silent?” 
“Did I not explain myself?” Vivian finally spoke in a louder voice. She lifted her head and looked into his eyes. “Even if I explained myself clearly, would you have believed me?” 
Fabian trembled. He wanted to answer “yes”, but the moment he thought of how cruel he had treated her over the years, he could not bring himself to spew out the answer. 
Vivian looked at him and put on a wry smile. “I don’t know who fed with you that false information, but I knew you left me at the most vulnerable point in my life, when I needed you the most. You said you would believe me, but did you come looking for me to listen to my explanation? No. You left without a goodbye because you believed what people said. After all these years, you expect me to come up to you and say I don’t hate you?”
Vivian maintained eye contact with Fabian when she made her point. Her eyes were so crystal clear that Fabian did not know how to face her. 
He looked away from her and defended himself. “Someone showed me some photos. I thought since the evidence was clear, there was no way you could deny it.” 
Photos? 
Vivian finally understood it was all because of those scandalous photos he saw two years ago. 
She smiled wryly. “I see. Just a couple of photos were enough for you to lose faith in me.” She continued with a gentle voice, “Perhaps you never had faith in me, after all. If you did, you would have told me you’re from the Norton family.” 
“They’re two different things, for goodness sake!” Fabian panicked once again. “I hid my identity because…” 
“Don’t you understand?” Vivian interrupted him before he could explain himself. “You never really trusted me. Not two years ago, and not now. You only believe in yourself.”
###Chapter 111
Chapter 111 
A corner of Vivian’s mouth quirked up. “Why are we even talking about this? It’s all history now. There’s no point for us to have this discussion anymore.” 
She stood up and was ready to leave as she did not want to talk to Fabian anymore. 
Yet, Fabian was not ready to let her go. He went up and grabbed her by the wrist. 
“You and I still have a lot to talk about.” Fabian stared at her, and this time he did not look away. “You protected me from the attack. This shows you still have feelings for me!” 
Vivian’s body could not help but shudder ever so slightly, but she quickly managed to calm herself down. 
She looked at Fabian, who was standing beside her. She saw from his beautiful eyes remorse and saudade. The feelings were so intense that Vivian dared not look at them directly. 
“I think you’ve mistaken,” she said in a suppressed voice, “All I did was to pull the man away from you, that’s all.” 
“What’s the difference? You still care about me, don’t you?” Fabian growled. 
“I saved you because I…” Vivian’s eyelashes fluttered, but she tried to explain it in a steady voice, “Because I want to repay your kindness.” 
Fabian froze momentarily. “What do you mean?” 
“You’re the one who helped me secure the scholarship and job opportunities, right?” Vivian said softly. Upon seeing Fabian’s sudden change of expression, she knew her guess was right. “This is why I’m
still grateful to you, though you didn’t trust me and even lied to me. Without you, I wouldn’t be able to complete my university studies.” 
Had she not graduated from university, it would be impossible for her to land a job in any magazine company. She would also not be able to afford her mother’s medical expenses. 
Despite all that had happened, Vivian was sincerely grateful to Fabian. 
“What do you mean?” It was Fabian’s face going pale this time. “You rescued me just because I’ve helped you in the past?” 
It hurt Vivian to see the disappointment in Fabian’s eyes. 
She did not rescue Fabian just because she wanted to repay his kindness. 
At that critical moment, she did not even have the time to think; she simply stepped forth and rescued him. It was an instinctive act. 
After all, Fabian was the man she had once loved, and she could not bear to see him in danger. 
But he doesn’t need to know all this. 
Instead of explaining herself, she answered in a nonchalant manner, “Yes.” 
Fabian turned ashen-faced completely, but he was not willing to accept her explanation. He tightened his grip on Vivian. “You don’t have any feelings for me? I don’t believe you!” 
Vivian could no longer contain her frustration as she was in so much pain, and she bellowed, “Who are you to question me?” 
Fabian was taken aback and released her from his grip at once.
She’s right. Who am I to question her? 
I shamed her and made her a laughing stock. Who am I to ask her for forgiveness, or force her to admit she still has feelings for me? 
Vivian massaged her wrist and said aloofly, “Remember what I told you two years ago? I said I’ll never forgive you even if you find out the truth and apologize to me.” 
Fabian trembled. He did recall what Vivian said to him when he humiliated her. 
“I’m sorry. I…” He wanted to apologize to her, but Vivian interrupted him. 
“Save your apologies. I’ll never forgive you.” She looked into Fabian’s eyes. “Whether you’re sorry that you’ve lied to me about your family, for not having faith in me, or even for insulting me, I won’t forgive you.” 
Vivian meant every word she said. 
She did not want Fabian to get hurt and she truly wanted to repay his kindness, but this did not mean she would let bygones be bygones and forget about how badly he had treated her.
###Chapter 112
Chapter 112 
No one had hurt Vivian’s feelings the way Fabian did. She refused to forgive him and did not want to be associated with him anymore. 
She just wanted him to stay away from her. 
Upon hearing those words, Fabian froze. 
Meanwhile, Vivian walked out of the office without hesitation. 
… 
Over at Ringsby Mall, the largest shopping mall in the city, Shannon carried her purse and stormed past all the branded outlets in anger. 
Damn you, Vivian! How can everyone believe you and sympathize with you? Are they blind? B*tch! 
She was so mad that she wished she could splurge on some luxury handbags. Yet, with her salary, she could never afford them. 
This made her angrier! 
It’s not fair! 
I have to save money for months to buy myself an expensive handbag, but Vivian can get what she wants by winking at those rich b*stards! 
When Shannon’s resentment was still clouding her thoughts, all of a sudden she heard a few girls giggling right behind.
“You look great in that dress, Ashley. Fabian is so lucky to marry someone as pretty as you.” 
Fabian? 
Shannon was stunned for a bit. She gradually turned around and saw a young and gorgeous woman trying on an expensive dress. A group of ladies surrounded her and complimented her looks. 
With her striking appearance, Shannon instantly recognized her as Fabian’s fiancée because she had visited him in his office before. Her name is Ashley? 
Upon seeing all the luxurious accessories Ashley carried with her, Shannon got a little jealous. Instead of letting her envy get the better of her, Shannon had a better idea. 
Since I can’t take Vivian down myself, perhaps Ashley can! 
She mustered up her courage and approached her. “Hi there, are you Mr. Norton’s fiancée?” 
Ashley, who was admiring her own look in the mirror, turned around and looked at her. 
The moment she saw Shannon’s counterfeit handbag, she immediately lost interest in the person. Nonetheless, she still answered politely, “You mean Fabian Norton? Yes, I am his fiancée.” 
“That’s why I thought you look familiar.” Shannon acted as if she was pleased to meet her. “I’m an employee from Glamour Magazine and I remember seeing you in the office.” 
Though Ashley had no clue why Shannon came up to her, she still nodded out of politeness. 
“I know this is a little awkward, but… there’s something I wish to tell you because I think you deserve to know the truth,” Shannon said sheepishly. 
Ashley knitted her brows. “What is it?”
“It’s about Mr. Norton and Vivian William.” 
Ashley’s expression immediately changed. 
She gave Shannon a sullen stare and turned to her female friends. “Wait for me at the café. I’ll come and meet you after this.” 
These ladies were Ashley’s entourage. They immediately nodded and walked away. 
Once they had left, Ashley put on a deadpan expression and looked at Shannon. “What do you want to tell me?” 
… 
Vivian finally punched out after spending a long day in the office. At the subway station, she instinctively boarded the train to the Norton residence, but halfway through the journey, she remembered she was supposed to pick her mother up from the hospital. She immediately switched trains and went to the hospital. 
Once they got home, Vivian clumsily tidied up the house and ordered some plain dishes for takeaway from a restaurant downstairs. It was already 9 p.m. by the time she settled everything, and it was at this point that she remembered she had forgotten to inform Finnick that she would be staying with her mom tonight. 
She decided to text him anyway, even though Finnick might not even care to know where she was. 
After that, Vivian helped her mother up to the dining table. 
Vivian did not know her text message had affected Finnick, who was attending a meeting. Upon receiving her text, his mood instantly changed for the worse.
The financial department director, who was conducting a briefing on the company’s quarterly earnings, broke into a cold sweat after seeing a drastic change on Finnick’s face.
###Chapter 113
Chapter 113 
Is there something wrong with my numbers? But our company did exceptionally well in this quarter! 
As the director continued to reveal the details of the financial report, he could not help but start wiping droplets of sweat off his face. “Mr. Norton, is there a problem with the report?” 
He did not get a response. 
Finnick just nodded randomly and did not even pay attention to his report. All this while, his attention was on the screen of his phone. 
Or more precisely, he was staring at Vivian’s text message on his phone: Hi, I’ll be staying with my mom in my house since she has just been discharged from the hospital. 
The text message was so formally written that a vortex of anger swirled inside him. 
Her house? 
Is she trying to draw a line between us? 
This woman is absolutely capable of provoking me! 
Finnick’s silent treatment made everyone in the meeting room nervous. Even the most experienced members of senior management began to tremble because they were afraid that he was not pleased with the results. 
Minutes ticked by, and everyone was already sweating buckets. All of a sudden, Finnick raised his head.
Just as the company executives thought he was about to comment on the company’s performance, he said, “Let’s call it a day. We’ll continue tomorrow.” 
Finnick did not notice how shocked everyone was, and left the meeting room in his wheelchair. 
Noah, who was just as dumbfounded, picked up his pace and ran after Finnick. 
“Is everything alright, Mr. Norton?” Noah finally caught up with him. “Did an earthquake happen in J Nation and affect our nuclear plant? Or did a tornado hit our power plant in A Nation?” 
Noah believed something disastrous must have happened; otherwise, Finnick would not have ended the meeting so abruptly. 
Finnick stopped his wheelchair, tilted his head, and gave Noah a cold stare. “Go and find out where Vivian lives. I mean, where her mother lives.” 
“Ms. William’s mother?” Noah was confused for a moment. 
Finnick ignored his question and wheeled himself away. “Let’s go and pay them a visit when you find out where she lives.” 
… 
Meanwhile, Vivian was in her house, cautiously feeding Rachel dinner. She still had no idea her text message had enraged Finnick. 
She bought plain porridge and soup for Rachel, but they were so cold and tasteless that Rachel refused to eat them. 
Vivian immediately wiped the corners of her mouth with a napkin. “I’ll go and buy something else for you.”
She then put on a coat and was ready to leave. 
Rachel frowned. “It’s almost 10 p.m. now. Where are you going to get food at this hour?” 
“I still have to get something for you to eat. If I can’t find a restaurant, I’ll just grab something from the supermarket.” 
With that, she walked out of the house. 
Vivian headed downstairs and started counting the money she had in her pouch. All of a sudden, a car with a pair of bright spotlights appeared. 
She lifted her hands to protect her eyes from the light. A few seconds later, she saw a black Bentley approaching her. 
Vivian froze. 
Isn’t this… 
The house Vivian rented was located in an ordinary neighborhood in Sunshine City. Hence, it was highly unusual to see a Bentley here. 
Before she could react, the car door suddenly opened automatically and a familiar wheelchair appeared before her eyes. 
Vivian could not believe her eyes when she saw Finnick came up to her in his wheelchair. She stuttered, “What… what are you doing here?” 
Finnick took a glance at her from her head to her feet. Vivian wore her pajamas on the inside and covered herself with a jacket. She had a pair of flip-flops on, and she tied her hair into a messy bun. Though she might appear a little sloppy, Finnick thought she still looked adorable.
But the moment he remembered her text message, he immediately put on a serious look and asked, “Why did you come back?” 
Vivian did not expect Finnick to come all the way just to ask her this question. She decided to tell him her half-truth. “My mom was discharged from the hospital today, so I came back to take care of her.”
###Chapter 114
Chapter 114 
A line formed between Finnick’s brows but he decided not to pursue the matter. “Where are you going at this hour?” 
“To buy dinner for my mom.” 
“Dinner? At this hour?” Finnick frowned. “You won’t be able to find a restaurant at this time.” 
“I guess I’ll just have to buy something from the supermarket then.” Since there’s nothing at home, I’ll buy some ingredients and cook something simple for her. 
Finnick looked at Vivian and did not know what to say. 
At times, she presented herself as a tough woman, but more often than not she’s just a girl who has no clue about anything in the world. She can’t even take care of herself; how can she look after her mom? 
“Noah.” Finnick suddenly called. “Go to a nearby hotel and ask their kitchen to cook something.” 
Vivian was taken aback and immediately stopped him. “It’s fine, I’ll cook myself.” 
“It’s past 10 o’clock. You want your mom to wait for you to cook?” Finnick raised his brows. “Don’t forget she is still unwell.” 
Vivian was at a loss for words after hearing what he said. 
She knew it was late, but since she was all alone by herself, she could only do one thing at a time. 
Instead of putting on a tough front, she decided to give in for the sake of her mother. She accepted his offer in a soft voice, “Thanks.”
Finnick’s expression finally lightened up a little. “Come on, let’s get back to your house.” 
“You want to come to my place?” Once again, Vivian hesitated. 
“Unless you don’t want me to?” Finnick looked at the woman who got nervous all of sudden. “You expect me to stand here and wait for Noah?” 
Vivian’s face blushed right away and ushered him into the building. 
After stepping out of the elevator, Vivian opened the door for Finnick to enter. He was surprised to see how disorganized the house was. 
“So sorry for the mess. I just came back and didn’t have time to clean the house.” Vivian was thoroughly embarrassed that she started putting things away. 
Yet, every time she tried picking something up with her hand, she would feel pain in her wound. “Ouch.” 
Upon noticing Vivian’s grimace, Finnick frowned and stood up from his wheelchair. “Let me.” 
How can I ask him to clean my house for me? Vivian stopped him by waving her hand in the air. “It’s fine. I might be a little slow, but I can do this myself.” 
“Stop it.” Finnick grabbed her by the wrist and made her sit on the couch. 
Don’t you dare act tough in front of me. 
Vivian froze at his order. She sat still on the couch and watched him clean up the house. 
It was clear that the man before her had never done house chores before. 
Whether it was cleaning up the rubbish or doing the dishes, he was like a bull in a china shop. His expensive branded shirt was all wet.
“Hey…” Vivian could not bear to see how disheveled he had become. “Just let me do it, okay?” 
“No.” Finnick mumbled while wiping the coffee table. 
She could not help but press her lips after seeing how clumsy he was. 
Though Finnick was not adept at doing house chores, Vivian still found him to be rather attractive. After all, he was a tall and good-looking man. 
Initially, she was very touched by his thoughtfulness, but soon, she remembered something that made her feeling vanish into thin air. 
She remembered why she left the Norton residence. 
All because of his necklace. And also how messed up her heart was. 
She instantly looked away and decided not to focus on Finnick anymore. 
Enough with your nonsense, Vivian William. This prince charming will never be yours. Stop dreaming. 
While Finnick was tidying up the house, a frail voice emerged from the room, “Someone’s here?” 
Vivian was taken aback at first but soon realized it was Rachel who had woken up from her nap. 
To prevent Rachel from seeing Finnick walking around the house, she immediately went to her room. 
“Did I wake you up?” Vivian saw that Rachel was already sitting upright on her bed, and walked over. “I’ve asked someone to buy food for you. You can have your dinner soon.”
###Chapter 115
Chapter 115 
Rachel heard noises in the living room and frowned. “Who’s here?” 
Vivian replied in an awkward manner, “Finnick’s here.” 
“Your husband?” Rachel’s expression changed. “He came here to look for you? What is he doing outside?” 
Vivian did not know how to answer her. “He is cleaning the house for me.” 
Rachel was dumbfounded. 
Her eyes glistened for a second, and then whispered, “I don’t want to nag anymore, but you’d better make sure you know what you’re doing.” 
Of course, Vivian knew what Rachel was talking about. She inched closer and held her hands. “Don’t worry, Mom. I know what I’m doing.” 
She did not just say that to appease Rachel. She said that as a reminder for herself. 
I cannot fall in love with him. I won’t allow that to happen. 
Rachel gazed into her eyes and said sincerely, “I believe you.” 
Vivian responded with a grin and left the room. 
She noticed Finnick had finished cleaning the house. He stood there with a wet cloth in his hand and a smug smile on his face. “What do you think? Not bad, huh?” 
Vivian could not help but chuckle at how confident he was.
Who would expect Mr. Finnick Norton to be so proud of his little achievement here? He was the same man who would not even bother to celebrate after closing the business deal of the year! 
“You did great,” she praised, “Thank you.” 
While they were having this conversation, Noah arrived. Vivian then opened the door for him to come in. 
Noah got the shock of his life when he saw Finnick holding a wet cloth in his hand. Instead of making any remarks that might offend him, he decided to keep mum and place the food on the table. 
After helping Rachel finish her dinner, Vivian also ate something simple to stop her hunger pangs. It was already 11 p.m. 
Vivian looked at Finnick and Noah after she cleaned up the table. “Thank you so much for today. It’s getting late now. Drive safe.” 
“You’re welcome,” Noah responded with a smile and was ready to leave. 
But it seems that Finnick, who was sitting on a chair beside Noah, had no intention of getting back into his wheelchair. 
Noah was confused. “Mr. Norton?” 
“You go back first,” Finnick said, “I’ll stay here tonight.” 
Stay here? 
Vivian’s eyes widened; she looked at him in disbelief. 
Noah was equally shocked, but like what a professional personal assistant would do, he regained his composure in the blink of an eye. “Alright, Sir. I’ll come and fetch you tomorrow. I’ll bring fresh clothes
for you to change into as well.” 
Noah then left the house. 
“Wait a second, Noah!” Vivian panicked, but Noah was already nowhere to be seen. She then turned her attention to Finnick. “Are you sure you’re going to sleep here?” 
The man raised his brows and questioned her, “Do you have a problem?” 
“I mean, you’re welcome to stay, but…” Vivian got even more anxious upon seeing how serious he was. “But we only have two rooms in this house.” 
“I’ll sleep in your room,” Finnick said without hesitation, “You have a problem with that?” 
Vivian’s face flushed red instantly. 
Back in the villa, the bed she shared with Finnick was much larger. The bed in her room here, however, was tiny. If we were to sleep on that small bed… 
She dared not think further. 
If he’s going to be here for the night, why did I leave the villa in the first place? 
“But my house is so shabby. I’m afraid you won’t sleep well.” Vivian continued to find an excuse to get rid of him. 
“I’ll be fine.” Finnick’s forehead furrowed. “It’s not an issue for me.” 
By now Vivian had run out of ideas. She stared at him for a bit and eventually gave in. “Alright, then. I’ll go and take a shower now.”
Finnick responded a baffling smile, “Okay.” 
Vivian excused herself and went into the bathroom. As she was about to turn on the shower, she suddenly thought of another problem. 
Her house only had a very simple shower but not a bathtub. This had become a problem for her because her right hand was injured. Using a shower would cause her to wet her wound.
###Chapter 116
Chapter 116 
Despite having a headache, she took her clothes off and turned on the tap. Turning her body, she carefully showered. 
However, she was never great with motor skills or balance, and her face ended up scrunching up in pain when she accidentally wet her wound. Lifting her arm higher, she slammed into the bathroom door instead and immense pain shot through her arm. 
“Ouch!” she yelped, and within seconds she heard a flurry of footsteps outside. 
Worried, Finnick called out to her, “Vivian, are you alright?” 
“I’m fine…” Vivian tried to reply in a hurry, but she was in too much pain that her voice shook. She did not sound fine at all. 
As a result, Finnick anxiously responded, “Give me a minute. I’ll come in.” 
Vivian panicked and insisted, “I’m alright, and you don’t have to…” 
Bang! Before she could complete her sentence, she heard the bathroom door open. 
The lock on the bathroom door had long been out of order, so it could easily be opened when Finnick gave it a push. 
Once he entered the bathroom, he saw Vivian raising one arm while frantically trying to pull up her bath towel to cover herself with her other arm. In her hurry, she even forgot to turn off the showerhead, and water was about to cascade on her wound. 
This woman is so careless!
Looking at how she seemed to be tormenting herself, Finnick could not help but feel angry. Instantly, he went forward to embrace her before turning the showerhead off. 
“You are so stupid, Vivian,” he chided. Then, he grabbed her arm and scanned her wound. As expected, it was inflamed, making him more frustrated. “With a showerhead like this at your house, how can you bathe alone?” 
Vivian failed to pay attention to his scolding. 
His thin shirt was the only thing between them, and all she could think about was how close they were. Besides, his shirt was now drenched because of her, and it clung to their bodies. 
She could even feel his chest muscles and washboard abs against her… 
Her brain felt like exploding. 
Noticing that Vivian was quiet even after he spoke, Finnick frowned and looked at her. 
With a glance, he finally noticed her standing stiffly in his arms while her face was as red as a tomato. 
He was dumbfounded. He was so worried for her previously that he did not notice the position they were standing in. 
Her fair skin was slightly red from the elevated temperature in the bathroom, and there were still water droplets dripping off her body. Although it was not the first time he had seen her naked, he felt more attracted to her each time he saw her like this. 
Not only so, but since her body was so close to his, it was also a greater hurdle for him this time. Without looking down, he could already feel all her curves. 
In that instant, he felt his body burning up.
Vivian, who was already flustered, blushed more when she felt the changes in Finnick’s body. Instinctively, she struggled. “Finnick, let go of me…” 
Little did she know that her movements were nothing to Finnick. It was as though she was tickling him instead of refusing him, which tempted him even more. 
Without thinking, he pushed Vivian against the wall. 
The distance between them instantly disappeared, and they could even feel each other’s chests as they breathed. 
“Finnick, what…do you want…” Unable to get out of his grasp, Vivian whimpered as she looked at him with a panic expression on her face. 
Finnick did not know what got over him, but her whimpers almost took away all his willpower. 
Abruptly, he bowed his head as his fingers slowly traced across her waist. Feeling goosebumps, she shuddered. “What do you think I’m doing?” he groaned.
###Chapter 117
Chapter 117 
His low voice sounded sexier than usual, causing Vivian’s body to heat up, too. She stuttered, “No… don’t…” 
“Why not?” Finnick lowered himself to nibble on her earlobe and whispered, “You said okay the last time.” 
His breath tickled Vivian’s ear and his teasing almost succeeded in persuading her. However, her last shred of rationality still told her not to do it. 
No way. 
Nothing can happen between us. 
Previously in the Norton residence, she did give Finnick permission. Despite so, she felt differently about it now. 
She agreed then since they were already married, she did not mind having a child with him even though it was a loveless marriage. After all, that was also her duty as his wife. 
Now, she could no longer make a calm decision without being influenced by her emotions. 
She realized now that she might have feelings for him——feelings she shouldn’t have. Vivian did not dare to give herself to him in light of this revelation, lest she fell in love with him and would not bear to leave him in the future. 
With that thought, she desperately pushed him aside and reasoned, “My mom is at home, too, so it isn’t a good idea…”
Finnick lowered his gaze and hazily glanced into Vivian’s clear eyes. It was like a wake-up call to him. 
Nothing was more disappointing than having one person lost in his lustful desires while the other remaining logical and rejecting his moves. 
Thinking Vivian was still not ready as a result of what happened two years ago, Finnick stepped back to give her some space. 
He never expected he would be so deprived to this point, having to endure and control his lust time and time again. 
Especially when it came to this woman, whom he always found so attractive. 
Forget it. 
Since she is injured, I will let it go. 
That did not mean that he was going to let her go physically. Instead, he wrapped his arm around her waist again. While she stared at him in surprise, he assured her, “Don’t worry, I am not going to force you. I only want to help you shower.” 
With that kind of showerhead, how can she keep her wound dry alone? 
Blushing, Vivian rejected, “It’s alright. I will wipe myself instead.” 
Having said that, she turned to escape, but Finnick held onto her, refusing to let her leave. 
“Why are you so shy? After all, I have already seen you naked,” he casually stated as he took down the showerhead. “There’s no need to worry about me because I still have some self-control.” 
In the next moment, he started helping her to shower.
Knowing how stubborn he was, Vivian was sure there was no use rejecting him. She could only stand stiffly in place while he helped her wash up. 
Much to her dismay, as Finnick’s hand grazed along her skin, that warm and slightly rough sensation sent countless electric currents through her body. She used everything in her power to hold herself back and not tremble. 
Speaking of endurance, Finnick had it even tougher. 
Although he had told her that he could control himself, he realized that self-restraint was almost impossible before Vivian. 
He already gave her his word, however, so he could only grit his teeth and keep holding himself back. 
After painfully helping her bathe, it was finally time to dry her. 
Sensing his seriousness in performing the task at hand, Vivian fell into a daze. 
She could not remember the last time someone gave her a bath like that. 
I was probably very young when Mom used to shower me. As I grew older, she became busier with work and I started to take care of myself. 
Who would have thought that after so many years of being independent, someone else would appear in my life when I’m injured, feeding me, cleaning me, and even bathing me? 
She felt like she was being compensated for all the love she had long been deprived of. 
More significantly, this person was someone with high social status who had never cared for others before.
###Chapter 118
Chapter 118 
Vivian’s heart softened, and she was touched. 
She closed her eyes so that her emotion could not be read. 
Finnick… 
Why are you so nice to me? 
I’m afraid…I might end up falling for you… 
After her shower, Vivian and Finnick returned to the living room. Feeling bad that Finnick was soaked from head to toe, she went to her closet and picked out some larger-sized sports clothes for him. But before she gave him the clothes she cautiously asked again, “Are you sure you want to stay here with me?” 
“Of course,” Finnick replied casually and took the clothes from Vivian’s hands, “Don’t you have to take care of your mother? How are you supposed to do that when you are injured? Given so, I think I should stay here to take care of both of you.” 
“You don’t have to do that,” Vivian insisted as she did not want him to stay. “I can do it alone.” 
“You can do it alone?” Finnick raised his brows. “You needed my help to bathe. Are you sure you can do it alone?” 
His words only made Vivian think about the incident in the bathroom. Instantly, she turned red and forgot to rebut his words. 
Soon after, she heard Finnick’s soft chuckle as he headed to the bathroom with her clothes.
Vivian suddenly grew frustrated. She felt like he had led her on, and that she seemed to have given him her silent consent to stay for the night. 
Before stepping into the bathroom, Finnick suddenly thought of an idea and said, “If you don’t want me to stay here, you can simply follow me home instead.” 
With that, he went in. 
Finnick had to take a cold bath to overcome the urge burning within him. 
When he returned to the bedroom, he saw Vivian lying on the bed. 
It was small, and she was curled up in a corner. After entering the bedroom, Finnick could not stand it anymore and hugged Vivian by wrapping his arm around her waist. 
“Why are you hiding?” he whispered beside her ear, “Isn’t it more spacious this way?” 
Not long after, he turned the lights off and closed his eyes to sleep. After being tortured for an entire day, he was exhausted. The fragrance of Vivian’s hair gave him an inexplicable sense of comfort. 
Well, this is one good thing about a smaller bed. 
It did not take long for Finnick to fall asleep. While Vivian could hear his steady breathing, it took her ages to fall asleep in his arms. 
Turning around slightly, she took in Finnick’s handsome features, down to the stubbles on his chin. 
At that moment, she felt her heart beating more vigorously than usual. 
Her eyes dimmed, and she closed her eyes in despair. 
Vivian, you might as well admit that you have fallen for him.
I am hopelessly in love… 
Although it was already midnight, many people in Sunshine City were still not asleep. 
After Fabian finished work, he dragged his lethargic body back to the place he rented next to the magazine company. 
He did not like to live at his family residence because he would have to face his father and grandpa. As such, he decided to rent an apartment instead. 
The elevator doors opened. He was just about to step out when he saw a petite figure squatting in front of his unit. 
He was taken aback and could not believe his eyes. “Ashley, is that you?” 
It was indeed Ashley at his door. 
Hearing his voice, Ashley raised her head to look at him. Her eyes were red from crying earlier, and she looked especially pitiful. 
“Fabian, you are back,” she said in a pitiful voice, “I waited for you for a long time, and my calls to you never got through…” 
“Why are you looking for me?” Fabian frowned and quickly helped her up. “I worked overtime and my phone battery died. Let’s talk inside.” 
Upon entering the apartment, Ashley threw herself onto Fabian just after he closed the door. 
Fabian stiffened and asked, “Ashley, what’s going on?” 
With her tears already soaking his shirt, Ashley sobbed, “Fabian, will you ever leave me?”
She could not describe the panic she felt when she heard Shannon’s words.
###Chapter 119
Chapter 119 
Shannon told her that Fabian, in front of everyone at the magazine company, questioned Vivian why she did not clarify that she had been set up years ago. 
Ashley knew that Shannon said all these in hopes that she would teach Vivian a lesson. However, Shannon did not expect Ashley to turn white as a sheet. 
Fabian knew that Vivian was being set up in the incident two years ago? 
Does it mean that he’s trying to rekindle his love for her? Did he find out what I did? 
In a moment of panic, Ashley could not be bothered with Shannon but immediately ran to Fabian’s house while calling him multiple times. 
Not daring to raise the matter with Fabian, she tested the waters instead. 
Surprised by her sudden question, Fabian paused momentarily before he responded, “Ashley, what on earth is going on?” 
His avoidance to answer the question made her tremble more. In an attempt to hide it from him, she released him and forced a smile. “I’m fine… I was a little afraid since our wedding date is drawing close.” 
That sentence reminded Fabian that they were getting married next month. 
All of a sudden, he felt a sense of resistance. 
His silence only made Ashley more frantic. She glanced at him and probed, “Fabian, you…you’re not thinking about calling off our wedding, are you?”
Snapping out of his daze, Fabian smiled and assured her, “Ashley, you are overthinking. I will not do that. Look, your arms and legs are so cold. Why don’t you take a shower first?” 
He pushed her into the bathroom as he spoke. 
Absentmindedly, Ashley went into the bathroom and plopped onto the toilet seat. 
I’m doomed. 
Fabian is starting to doubt me after finding out what happened to Vivian. 
What other tricks could I still use against Vivian? 
In the midst of her thoughts, her phone rang. 
Looking down at the phone screen, she was surprised. 
“Hello?” she answered the call immediately, “You don’t have to find that man I’ve asked you about. I’m already…” 
Before she could complete her sentence, the words from the person on the other end of the call caused her expression to darken. 
“What are you saying? How is it possible that the old man did not do it?” she screeched. 
While Ashley was in the bathroom taking her bath, Fabian stood on the balcony and smoked until he unknowingly filled up the ashtray. 
This is the first time in my life that I feel so much regret and sadness. 
I regret not saying goodbye two years ago and then getting engaged to Ashley. But most of all, I regret insulting Vivian time and time again.
I am the one who pushed away the woman I love. Who am I to blame? 
Now, Vivian has Finnick… 
At that thought, he raised his cigarette and took a large puff. 
Subconsciously, he thought about the time he gave Vivian’s photos to Finnick. Without thinking, Finnick chose to trust Vivian. 
Perhaps he already did his own research and had already made his decision. Regardless, at least he has never hurt Vivian. 
In contrast, I am so different from him. This frustrated Fabian even more. 
Thinking about the photographs, he recalled that he has kept several pictures of Vivian on his phone. 
Seeing those photos now would only make his heart ache, so he instantly pulled out his phone to delete them. 
However, after deleting a few, he realized something. 
Wait a minute. 
These pictures…why do they seem different from the ones shown at the Norton family party? 
Although he did not purposely try to remember everything about Vivian, everything about her was somehow vividly imprinted on his mind. 
He could even recall the photos from the party.
Most of the photos were the same as those on his phone, but one of them was different——in which Vivian was lying on a pillow with her hair spread across it. 
Fabian suddenly felt breathless. 
Why… 
Ashley said that the photos were from my phone. Yet, why did she have one more photo on the screen that’s not found on my phone?
###Chapter 120
Chapter 120 
Unless… 
Fabian’s heart tightened with that thought, but before he could piece together the puzzle in his mind he suddenly heard a soft voice coming from behind him. 
“Fabian?” 
He was startled and turned to see Ashley looking at him timidly with her hair still wet. 
She had a beautiful face that resembled Vivian’s, though she looked a little more seductive. For some reason, he suddenly felt a chill down his spine looking at her. 
“Well… Ashley.” He subconsciously took a few steps back and said, “The magazine company just called. A situation popped up and I have to take care of it. You can go back to get some rest first.” 
He rushed out of his apartment without even waiting for Ashley to reply. 
“Fabian…” Ashley was dumbfounded. She wanted to chase after him but he was already out of the door. 
Helplessly, she stood rooted to the ground. 
It is already past midnight. Is he going to find Vivian? 
At that thought, and recalling the news she had just heard on the phone, her face turned pale. 
Not long ago, Ashley ordered an investigation to find the old man from two years ago. Yet, he confessed that he did not touch her, but that a mysterious man did.
What was even more shocking was that no one managed to find out who that man was. In other words, the mysterious man was much more powerful than she. 
Who’s the man who took away Vivian’s virginity two years ago? 
The next morning, when Vivian opened her eyes, she saw Finnick’s handsome face right in front of her. 
Dazed, she stared at him for a while before realizing that they were this close because they were sleeping in the small bed in her house. 
Alarmed, she quickly wanted to get out of bed, but Finnick’s arm weighed heavily over her. As though he felt her struggle, Finnick muttered without opening his eyes, “It’s only seven in the morning. Stop moving and go back to sleep.” 
Vivian did not expect Finnick to be awake. She lay stiffly and motionlessly in bed. No matter how hard she tried, she could not fall back asleep. 
Time passed slowly, and soon she broke out in a cold sweat from her nervousness. Finally, her alarm rang, and Finnick’s eyes opened. His gaze immediately fell on Vivian. 
“Good morning, Vivian.” Finnick greeted her with his baritone voice which came with a bit of hoarseness, given it was the first thing he said after he woke up. Vivian’s heart skipped a beat. 
She could not hide her blush as she stammered, “M-Morning.” 
She then got up to prepare a clean towel and toothbrush for Finnick before helping her mom wash up. When she was done, Noah showed up with breakfast that Molly had prepared. Molly even made another portion just for Rachel. 
As they ate, Vivian looked at the spread and whispered, “Actually, we don’t have to bother Molly like that.”
“We are not bothering her; we are just using a little more of her time.” Taking a scoop of soup, he commented, “With that being said, if you want to continue to stay here, I’m afraid Molly will have to do this every day.” 
Surprised, Vivian asked, “Do you mean you are staying for another night?” 
“I will, if you are,” Finnick replied casually, “I will get Molly to bring my pajamas over. After all, your clothes are too small for me.” 
Vivian was speechless. 
She finally realized how stubborn and demanding Finnick could be. Although he never raised his voice nor forced her to do anything, he always had a way to make her compromise. 
I can never win against him. 
“I get it.” She lowered her gaze and sighed. “I’ll go back tonight.” 
The corners of Finnick’s lips lifted. “You can bring your mother over, too.” 
“Forget it. My mom will feel uncomfortable,” Vivian rejected his offer. 
“Well, I can get you a caretaker and maid,” Finnick insisted. 
Knowing that she could not win the argument, Vivian could only nod in agreement. 
After the meal, Finnick drove Vivian to work. Only then did she recall she had a meeting to attend that morning. Thus, once she arrived at her office building she headed directly to the meeting room. 
She was surprised to find Fabian in the meeting room; he seemed to be preparing for the meeting alone.
###Chapter 121
Chapter 121 
Fabian was slightly bewildered when he saw her. “Vivian, didn’t you receive the email with the notice saying that the meeting will be delayed for half an hour?” 
Damn it! Vivian cursed internally; she forgot to check her emails as Finnick’s appearance yesterday threw her plans into disarray. 
“I totally forgot.” She excused herself, “Sorry, I’ll take my leave now.” 
“Wait!” Fabian halted her. 
Frowning slightly, she asked, “Mr. Norton, is there anything else?” 
“There’s something I want to ask you.” Fabian rose to his feet, asking softly, “Do you love Finnick?” Unlike his usual spitefulness, at that moment, he sounded gentler like how he used to in his youth. 
Vivian’s brows knotted as his direct question caught her by surprise. “I’m sorry, Mr. Norton. This has nothing to do with work, so I refuse to answer.” With that, she turned to leave. 
However, Fabian grabbed hold of her wrist and gabbled, “I’m not asking in the capacity of the Chief Editor but as your ex-boyfriend. Or maybe… I’m asking out of concern as your friend.” 
He didn’t go home the other night as he couldn’t stop thinking about Vivian’s marriage with Finnick. Before this, he thought that she married Finnick for his money; but now, it seemed like that was not the case. 
If she wasn’t going after Finnick’s wealth, there were only two possible reasons for her to marry him, which were either out of love or pressure.
To Fabian, it seemed impossible that Vivian would fall in love with another man. He was not over her yet even though two years had passed since their breakup, and he believed she felt the same as him. As such, he would rather believe that she was forced to marry Finnick. 
When he asked his subordinates to look into their marriage, he found out that Vivian had gone on numerous blind dates just a month before marrying Finnick. 
Those men were all ineligible, but they had one thing in common — all of them resided in Sunshine City. As he recalled about her mother, who was seriously ill, he seemed to have understood the true reason behind her marriage. 
Even so, he felt that he needed an answer from Vivian herself to account for the sudden end of their relationship two years ago. 
Vivian’s face turned pale when he tried to probe into her marriage, but she gripped her composure and retorted, “Fabian, did you forget that Finnick is your uncle? Don’t you think it’s inappropriate to pry into your elder’s private affairs?” 
Fabian never thought Vivian would use her identity as his elder to shut him up. He uttered through gritted teeth, “Vivian William, aren’t you saying that just so you could avoid my question? Is it because you don’t love Finnick at all? You married him to get the status of permanent resident so that you could stay in Sunshine City, am I right?” 
A smidge of worry appeared on her face as she never thought Fabian could delve that deep into her marriage. 
My guess is right! Fabian’s spirit lifted upon capturing the nuances of her expression. He gripped her shoulder and continued to grill her, “Vivian William, is it true about what I said just now? You don’t love
Finnick at all, do you? Well, it makes sense… It’s impossible that someone would like a cold-hearted cripple!” 
He didn’t know why he cared so much about Vivian and Fabian’s relationship, but jealousy was eating him up at the thought of Vivian sleeping by Finnick’s bedside every night. It drove him crazy to think that the two might already have had intimacy with each other. 
He could only seek relief from the pain of envy by humiliating Finnick about his disability and cold personality, which seemed to be the only chinks on his armor. 
Initially, Vivian decided to laugh him off, but her fury sprang to life upon hearing him insulting Finnick. “Fabian Norton, are you done?” With all her might, she shook his hand off and came back at him coldly, “Who do you think you are to pour scorn at Finnick? Unlike you, he is always trustful of me! You are incomparable to him! No matter why I marry him, I never regretted my decision!”
###Chapter 122
Chapter 122 
Fabian’s face turned pale as he looked at her face that was purple with rage. He never expected Vivian, who was an apathetic person, to take up the cudgel on Finnick’s behalf by making such caustic remarks. 
Is she mad because I insulted Finnick? Seems like it’s not just a paper marriage between them, and she genuinely regards Finnick as her husband. 
Fabian felt suffocated at the mere thought of it. The next moment, he gripped her arms with greater force and bellowed, “Vivian William! Don’t tell me that you have fallen in love with Finnick? Are you an idiot? You don’t know that man at all!” 
Vivian couldn’t even say a word. Her face was twisted with pain, but Fabian took no notice of it as he continued to spat out, “Finnick is nothing but a heartless man. Do you know that he left his girlfriend to die ten years ago in order to save his own life? I couldn’t believe that you would have eyes for such a selfish prick!” 
Vivian, who was struggling to break from his grasp, was thunderstruck upon hearing his words. Her face was pale as she blurted out, “You’re lying! Don’t you try to throw mud at Finnick!” 
Seeing her defending Finnick further roused his anger. Overwhelmed with fury, Fabian totally forgot that the incident from ten years ago was a taboo topic. “If you don’t believe in me, you can always look into the kidnap incident ten years ago. You will find out how Finnick managed to escape from the hands of the kidnappers and how Evelyn Morrison, his girlfriend, died because of him.” 
The last bit of color left Vivian’s face. She was at a loss for words as this revelation was too much for her to handle. Evelyn… Is she the owner of the crystal necklace? She’s dead?! And she died in the kidnap incident ten years ago?
Fabian loosened his grip on her arm. A hint of remorse flashed across his face the moment he regained composure. 
The Norton family had imposed an information blackout on the news relating to the kidnap incident. It was a tacit understanding between the Nortons to never bring it up again. But now, he spilled the beans because of his jealousy. 
Vivian doesn’t know Finnick at all… I am only telling her these so that she knows Finnick’s true colors! 
Fabian justified himself that he was telling Vivian about the incident for her sake. With a calm expression, he uttered, “Vivian, even though we are no longer a couple and we might never be one again, I don’t want you to be deceived by Finnick.” 
Vivian could no longer hear anything he said because her mind was jumbled up. 
Just then, the workers swarmed into the meeting room. Upon seeing Vivian and Fabian alone in the meeting room, they exchanged meaningful glances with each other before settling down in their seats. 
Vivian, too, took her seat. She was absent-minded during the meeting as she was bothered by what Fabian said just now. 
It turned out that for the past few days, she was troubling her head over a woman who had passed away years ago. 
Is it true that Evelyn, that beautiful girl, died because of Finnick? Vivian dared not think further. 
She was back in her office when the meeting finally ended. During the lunch break, she hesitated but eventually made her steps toward Jenny’s cubicle. 
“Jenny, can I ask you something?” asked Vivian.
Jenny was an experienced investigative journalist who had worked for more than ten years in the press. It was a demanding job for her, so she decided to jump ship to Glamour Magazine and became an editor for the interview column. The two got along rather well with each other. “What is it?” asked Jenny cordially. 
Vivian bit her lips and said, “I want to ask you about the kidnap incident that happened to the Norton family ten years ago.” 
Jenny was slightly bewildered as she never expected Vivian to ask about that incident. Inexplicably, she was visibly panicked. “Vivian, why are you asking this?” 
A decade had passed since the incident. Vivian knew Jenny was the only one she could turn to because apart from the Nortons, only the journalists and the policemen in charge of the case could help clear her doubts.
###Chapter 123
Chapter 123 
Therefore, she decided to try her luck by asking Jenny, the long-serving journalist. “I…” Vivian steeled herself and replied, “I am just asking out of curiosity.” 
“If you’re asking just to satisfy your curiosity, I advise that you better not pursue this matter any further.” Jenny put on a stern face as she continued, “It is not our place to inquire into the Norton family’s affair.” With that, she resumed her work at hand. 
Jenny’s unduly reticent attitude only further aroused Vivian’s curiosity. I believe Jenny must know something… 
“Jenny.” She pulled a chair to sit next to her. “I couldn’t tell you the reason, but I really need to know about the incident.” 
At that moment, Vivian and Jenny were the only ones left in the office as the other workers had gone for lunch. 
Jenny lifted her head and cast a meaningful glance at Vivian before she spoke, “Vivian, I can tell you about it, but you need to be frank with me. Are you asking this because of your husband?” 
Vivian was taken aback by her words. “Jenny, you actually know about…” 
“Yes, I knew about it quite some time ago.” Jenny let out a sigh. “Your husband is Finnick Norton, am I right? He is the second son of the Norton family, and the victim of the kidnap incident.” 
Vivian’s eyes widened. She had always tried to stay low-key, but Jenny still managed to discover her husband’s identity and his relationship with the Norton family.
Although Vivian remained silent, her reaction made Jenny certain of her conjecture. “Are you surprised that I actually know about your husband’s background?” Jenny gave a resigned shrug and then explained, “Actually, I already knew that Finnick comes from the Norton family when I first interviewed him. I became suspicious that he was your husband when I saw your wedding ring, so that’s why I tested you just now.” 
Being deeply impressed by Jenny’s intuition and attention to detail, Vivian couldn’t help but look at her with admiration. It would take at least ten years of working experience in the press to acquire those qualities. 
Since Jenny already had it all figured out, there was no need for Vivian to hide from her. After all, there was nothing for her to hide in the first place. It was just that she disliked being the center of gossips, that was why she never mentioned her marriage with Finnick. 
“Yes, Jenny, you’ve guessed it right.” She lowered her voice and asked, “So now, can you tell me what happened ten years ago?” 
Vivian thought Jenny would turn her down again, but to her surprise, she seemed to have gotten through to the other woman when Jenny looked deeply into her eyes and said, “Vivian, I always know that you’re a nice lady. Even though rumors are circulating in the magazine company saying that you are a gold-digger, I will only believe in my own judgment.” 
Vivian’s eyes reddened. “Thank you, Jenny.” Since two years ago, she had been facing all sorts of misunderstandings and derision from her colleagues. Soon, she no longer bothered to dispel those rumors because no one would believe in her. She was touched when Jenny said she trusted her. 
“I was shocked when I first heard that you were going to marry Finnick.” Jenny gave her a sympathetic look. “I admit that he is an excellent man, but from what he did two years ago, I don’t think he is husband material.”
Vivian’s expression changed. “Jenny, what do you know?” 
Jenny let out a sigh. “You sure are lucky because you’ve asked the right person. I was still working in the press when that incident happened, and I was responsible for reporting the case. At that time, I had dug deep into the case, but I was threatened by the Norton family to not leak any information about it. I knew how powerful the Norton family is, that’s why I stayed tight-lipped all these years.” 
Vivian finally understood why Jenny knew that Finnick came from the Norton family. If Jenny had investigated the kidnap case, she would definitely know about Finnick’s name and how he looked. 
However, Vivian felt unsettled by Jenny’s tone. “So what happened at that time?”
###Chapter 124
Chapter 124 
Jenny started spilling the story. “At that time, Finnick was still a freshman in university. Initially, the Norton family planned to let him study abroad, but he decided to stay in the country because of his girlfriend. If I’m not mistaken, her name was Eve…” 
“Evelyn Morrison.” Vivian interjected. 
Jenny was slightly bewildered. “You know about that girl? That’s right! Her name was Evelyn Morrison. They made a sweet couple, and I guess they were each other’s first love. Anyway, Finnick decided to stay for her.” 
Vivian suddenly recalled the photos in Finnick’s drawer that pictured the two smiling broadly in their youth. They must have loved each other very much… Just like Fabian and I in the past… 
“In their first year at university, Finnick and Evelyn got rid of the bodyguards to have fun in a small town. That was the place where they were kidnapped.” 
“They?” Vivian interrupted Jenny, “You mean Finnick was not the only one being kidnapped, but Evelyn as well?” 
With a solemn expression, Jenny nodded, “That’s right. The Norton family has suppressed the news, so everyone thought Norton was the only victim. No one knows about this poor lady being the other victim.” 
“What happened next?” 
“The kidnappers demanded a huge ransom. The elder Mr. Norton paid the ransom to save his grandson. However, maybe Finnick and Evelyn saw their faces, the kidnappers decided to kill them. They locked the two in a warehouse and set fire to it.”
Vivian tensed up. “So Evelyn was burned alive? Finnick was the only one who managed to escape?” 
“It seemed to be so.” For some reason, Jenny’s face looked grim. “But according to the crime report kept at the police department, I found out both Finnick and Evelyn were tied up by the kidnappers. Finnick managed to himself and escaped the burning warehouse with his legs injured. However, when Evelyn’s body was found, she was being left in the warehouse, with her limbs all tied up.” 
Vivian’s face became ashen. “You mean…” 
“Yes,” Jenny deepened her voice, “Frankly speaking, Finnick left her behind in the burning warehouse to save himself.” 
“No…” Vivian blurted out, “Finnick is not a selfish person… He will never do something like that…” Although they had not been together for long and that he seems to be unapproachable, she could tell that Finnick was a warm-hearted person. He was not someone who would leave his girlfriend for dead. 
As if she already expected Vivian to defend Finnick, Jenny looked at her and sighed. “Vivian, those who are born with a golden spoon are more fearful of death than us common folks. It was normal for him to leave his girlfriend behind since he was injured, not to mention that he was still young when the incident happened.” 
Biting her lips, Vivian remained silent. 
“This is all I know because the Norton family prohibited the media from following up on the case. I never intend to tell you all these, but I guess it doesn’t matter since you are already married to Finnick. I might be a little extreme, but I honestly think that a man who doesn’t even try to save his girlfriend from death is unworthy of your trust.” Jenny held Vivian’s hand in hers as she continued, “You are a nice lady, and I don’t want you to get hurt. Don’t have high hopes for Finnick, or else you might be disappointed. You can only count on yourself.”
Vivian understood that Jenny’s advice was straight from the heart, but she was still reluctant to think poorly of Finnick. She forced a smile and said, “Jenny, thank you for telling me all these, but I don’t believe Finnick would do something like that.” 
Jenny was worried as she looked at the stubborn Vivian. “Are you blinded by Finnick already? Vivian, listen to me. Those wealthy men are all stand-offish prigs, and you can never count on them nor believe in them.”
###Chapter 125
Chapter 125 
Vivian smiled and stopped talking. 
The initial shock had worn off as she gradually digested what Jenny and Fabian had just told her. 
She finally knew the identity of the woman she envied, which was none other than Finnick’s first love. 
Not only that, but the woman was also already dead. No matter what the truth was, she had sacrificed her life for Finnick. It was an indisputable fact. 
At last, Vivian understood the reason Finnick had such a sorrowful expression every time he looked at that crystal necklace. 
He had once loved that woman deeply. She was burned to death because of him and perished at the age when she was at her prettiest and when he loved her most. Under such circumstances, how many people would be able to truly let go of the past? 
The emotions which Finnick was experiencing inside his heart was unimaginable to Vivian. 
Suffering severe injuries to his leg from the kidnapping incident was nothing compared to losing the love of his life, which was what really scarred him. 
As for what Fabian and the rest said about Finnick abandoning Evelyn for his own survival— Vivian did not believe a single word of it. 
Even if that was indeed what happened, Vivian trusted that Finnick must have had his reasons for doing so.
Perhaps that sounded a lot like trusting someone blindly, but the woman would always choose to believe Finnick. 
Finnick had done the same for her with regards to the incident that happened to her two years back. 
Trust and understanding were two important building blocks for every marriage. 
Besides, Finnick had already suffered too much from that accident ten years ago. How could Vivian bear to add on to his pain by accusing him of being heartless? 
When Vivian and Jenny ended their conversation, most of their co-workers from the magazine company had already returned from lunch. 
The two women did not dare to continue talking about it any further and went back to their own work stations, continuing with their tasks. 
After a long day, Vivian finally managed to complete all her work and was ready to knock off. 
She had received Molly’s text in the afternoon, telling her that a caretaker had already been hired for her mom. 
However, Vivian decided to make a trip back personally as she was still a little worried. Only after she made sure that the caretaker was indeed professional and responsible did she feel assured enough to return to Finnick’s villa. 
Meanwhile, at Finnor Group, Finnick was studying the newest endowment model in his office. 
Just then, a knocking was heard at the door before Noah walked in. 
“Mr. Norton,” Noah addressed his boss, while acting somewhat strange. “You have tasked us to find out about the man who violated Mrs. Norton two years ago and we’ve made some progress. We checked
every surveillance camera in the hotel and all the hotel records but did not discover anything out of the ordinary. The only noteworthy finding is an item which was left behind in the hotel room.” 
Finnick stopped typing on his keyboard and replied in a cold tone, “How did your work efficiency deteriorate to such a level? You guys have been investigating for so long, yet you can’t even find out who was the man who did it? Moreover, if you have found a suspicious item in the hotel room, why didn’t you look further into it? Do you need me to do it myself?” 
Noah was already breaking out in cold sweat but bit the bullet and answered, “Mr. Norton, I will definitely look into the item, but before that, I feel that it would be better for you to take a look at it first… “ 
Only then did Finnick turn his attention away from his computer screen. 
Noah quickly placed the item on the table and explained, “Century Hotel is a five-star hotel, so everything left behind by guests, even if it’s just a coin, would be properly kept by the hotel. They would then try to contact the guests to retrieve their items. However, they have not been able to get in touch with the owner of this item, as such, this item has been kept in the hotel’s storeroom for the past two years.” 
Lying on Finnick’s desk right then was a handkerchief. 
It was green in color and made from premium silk. It was a men’s handkerchief which was thoughtfully designed. One look at it and anyone would be able to tell its exquisite workmanship. There were no prints on it, except for a cursive letter “J” sewn at the corner of the handkerchief. 
Finnick’s expression changed straight away when he saw the handkerchief. He then picked it up and scrutinized it, before suddenly looking up at Noah. With an ice cold gaze, he asked, “Are you sure that this handkerchief was found in the hotel room?”
Noah had taken out his own handkerchief to wipe off the beads of cold sweat which had formed on his forehead. “Yes, Mr. Norton. That’s why I brought it here for you to take a look,” the assistant replied. 
Finnick gripped tightly onto the handkerchief, so much so that the delicate piece of cloth was already crumpled. 
“Get Xavier here!” The man ordered through gritted teeth.
###Chapter 126
Chapter 126 
“Errr… When we found the handkerchief, I’ve already tried contacting Mr. Jackson, but he’s currently attending a design conference overseas and his phone has been switched off. As such, we haven’t been able to reach him.” 
“Then think of a way to contact him!” Finnick roared. “Ask him to come here immediately after you manage to reach him!” 
“Understood, Mr. Norton,” Noah answered, his face as pale as sheet. 
Finnick was no longer able to focus on the endowment model displayed on his computer screen. Instead, he proceeded to wheel himself out of the room swiftly. 
Noah followed behind hurriedly as he heard his boss ask, “Has Vivian gotten back home?” 
“Molly had just called to inform that Mrs. Norton is already at home.” 
Only then did Finnick’s tensed expression soften. Just then, he suddenly noticed that he was still holding onto that handkerchief and threw it towards Noah with a look of disgust. “Throw this thing away. Also, acquire the factory which manufactured this handkerchief and shut it down. I don’t ever want to see a similar handkerchief appearing anywhere in this world again.” 
Noah felt like he was being placed in a tough spot as he asked, “But how about Mr. Jackson… “ 
“Just do as I say!” Finnick yelled before Noah was able to complete his sentence. 
Vivian was already asleep when Finnick reached home.
She did not sleep well last night while sharing a bed with Finnick. As such, she had been feeling exhausted the whole day and went to bed immediately after finishing dinner and washing up. 
The moment Finnick entered the room, he saw Vivian curled up on the bed. She was hugging the blanket tightly and wearing the silk camisole nightgown which Molly had bought for her. Her delicate shoulders and bony back were all exposed. 
Finnick couldn’t help but frown at the sight. 
Vivian had a sleeping habit of hugging the blanket instead of covering it over her properly. Often, the man would wake up in the middle of the night and place the blanket over her, for fear that she might catch a cold. 
Why did Molly buy her such a thin nightgown? Is she not aware that it’s easier to catch a cold that way? 
After Finnick shut the door, he stood up from his wheelchair and walked to Vivian’s bedside, wanting to cover her with the blanket. However, right when he stood by the bed, the woman turned around and the blanket slipped off her body completely. 
Finnick’s throat tightened right then and halted his actions. 
The man finally understood why Molly had specially prepared that nightgown for Vivian. 
It was a black nightgown with extremely beautiful patterns which were intricately woven together. The dress was stuck to Vivian’s fair skin, which increased the woman’s allure. 
In the first place, the nightgown was designed to be fitting, which perfectly showcased Vivian’s curves. In addition to her sleeping posture, it was really… 
Finnick’s deep-set gaze darkened.
Just then, Vivian woke up and rubbed her eyes. 
“Finnick?” She was momentarily stunned to see the man standing beside her bed, but recovered quickly. “You’re back?” 
When Vivian got home, she was already worn out. As such, it did not take long for her to fall asleep. However, seeing Finnick right in front of her, the woman thought of what she heard from Jenny during the day and was instantly awake. 
Finnick did not answer Vivian immediately. Instead, he picked up the blanket swiftly and covered Vivian with it. Only then did the blaze in his eyes subside. “Put on warmer clothes when you sleep next time, in case you catch a cold,” the man said softly. 
Vivian was stunned for a second before realizing that she was dressed in her new pajamas and blush of embarrassment spread across her cheeks. “I was only away for a day and didn’t expect Molly to throw away all my old pajamas when I came back. This is the only one left.” 
Vivian was suddenly regretting returning home the day before. Not only did it not benefit her in any way, but she had also even presented a window of opportunity for Molly to act. 
Indeed, she was no match for those people who had been working for the rich and powerful for a long time. 
“Oh, how’s your wound?” Finnick suddenly remembered something and grabbed Vivian’s wrist. Pulling it out from underneath the blanket, he saw the cotton gauze on her wound which was already shifted out of place. “You didn’t change the dressing again? Vivian William, can you stop worrying others?” The man said with a frown.
After getting reprimanded by Finnick, Vivian recoiled a little as she was slightly fearful. “I’ll change it immediately,” she replied. 
Just as Vivian was about to climb out of bed, Finnick pressed her back down. “Let me do it. It won’t be easy using only your left hand.” 
The man left and returned speedily with some cotton buds and medicine, and started changing the dressing for Vivian. 
Vivian had already lost count of the number of times Finnick helped to change her dressing since the day she got injured. However, whenever he did it, her cheeks never failed to heat up as she felt his warm breaths falling on her arm.
###Chapter 127
Chapter 127 
Vivian couldn’t help but turn her head towards the side. When she did that, Finnick’s handsome face came into view, which startled her for a moment. 
From that angle, she could clearly see how long and dense the man’s eyelashes were. In addition to his obsidian-like dark eyes, Finnick’s attractive features would put any girl, including Vivian, to shame. 
As she observed how attentive Finnick was at treating her wound, Vivian couldn’t help but ask, “Finnick, can I ask you something?” 
Finnick remained focused on applying medicine for Vivian and without lifting his head, he answered, “Go ahead.” 
“Regarding the owner of that necklace… Is she your ex-girlfriend?” Vivian took a deep breath before asking. 
Finnick froze for a moment before continuing with his actions and answered, “Yup.” 
To Vivian’s surprise, the man did not seem to be avoiding this topic. As much as she was slightly relieved, she couldn’t help but ask again, “You like her a lot, right?” 
Finnick finally looked up and met Vivian’s eyes. 
His pitch-black eyes seemed to be bottomless and unfathomable to Vivian. She could only hear him say calmly, “Vivian, why are you asking about this?” 
Vivian immediately regretted asking that question as she felt that she might have overstepped his boundaries. She replied softly, “Oh, it’s nothing. I just noticed that you always have a sad expression whenever you looked at that necklace.”
Finnick’s eyes flickered before he quickly looked down again and continued dressing Vivian’s wound. 
Just as Vivian thought that Finnick did not wish to continue talking about it anymore, the man spoke. 
“I have let her down.” 
Vivian was stunned for a few seconds before coming back to her senses. Did he mean that he had let Evelyn down? 
The woman felt a shiver down her spine. 
Could it be that… he had really abandoned Evelyn ten years ago? Was that why he felt like he had let her down? 
No. 
That’s impossible. 
Vivian shook her head to clear her mind and did not reply. As such, the conversation ended there. 
Meanwhile, over at the Norton residence, the elder Mr. Norton had already gone to bed a while back as the elderly needed more rest. 
However, Mark was still in his study with another person who stood hunched over in front of him. As that man was in the shadows, his face could not be seen clearly. 
“Are you sure about this?” Mark’s face darkened and looked extremely grim. “You mean, that cripple Finnick has really done it with his new wife?” 
“Absolutely sure,” the person in front of the study table answered seriously and added, “The elder Mr. Norton has been really concerned about this matter. I have observed very carefully and I’m certain that it’s true.”
“Damn it!” Mark hit his desk in fury. With his eyes burning in rage, he exclaimed, “So that means, if everything goes smoothly, that woman called Vivian could be bearing that damned cripple Finnick’s child?” 
“Theoretically, that’s the case,” the person in front of the study table answered respectfully. 
“We can’t let it happen!” Mark bellowed with a menacing look on his face. After analyzing the situation for a while, he said, “How about this, I’ll try to delay Finnick tomorrow and you’ll find a way to get rid of that woman, Vivian.” 
The other man frowned as he asked, “Mr. Norton, why don’t we just get rid of Finnick directly?” 
“Do you think I’ve not thought about that?” Mark sneered. “But as you know, the old man treats Finnick like a treasure. When the kidnapping accident happened ten years ago, he had combed the entire city to find him. That’s why we are unable to take any action on Finnick at the moment. Vivian is not the same, she’s just an outsider. Even if my dad finds out that we are the ones who did it, he wouldn’t do anything to us.” 
“Alright, understood.” 
“Oh, there’s something else.” Mark suddenly thought of something as his face darkened. “Fabian must not know about this.” 
There was a flicker in the other man’s eye before he replied, “Sure.” 
“You may leave now.” 
“Yes, Mr. Norton.”
The next day, Vivian received a text from Finnick shortly after she reached the magazine company. He informed her that he was going away on a business trip and reminded her to change her dressing and take good care of herself. 
Vivian replied: I will. Then, she started getting busy at work. 
As the deadline for the new issue of the magazine was due soon, everyone in the office was in a frantic state and worked overtime in order to meet the due date. 
Vivian was among the last to leave office and it was already past midnight. Coincidentally, there was a concert going on at the stadium beside the magazine company, which resulted in bad traffic conditions and it was almost impossible to get a cab. 
As such, everyone was discussing about the most efficient way to carpool. However, when Vivian’s co- workers asked for her address, she was at a loss for words.
###Chapter 128
Chapter 128 
She couldn’t possibly tell them that she was staying at the most expensive villa housing estate in the city. 
As such, the woman had no other choice but to tell the rest that her husband was already on his way to pick her up. She smiled and told them to leave first. 
Everyone was envious of Vivian for having such a doting husband and left one by one. Finally, Vivian was the only one left waiting at the entrance of the magazine company. 
After twenty minutes, there was still no sign of any cabs. The woman tried to call for one using a ride- hailing app but did not have any luck as well. Since Finnick wasn’t at Sunshine City at that point in time, there was no one Vivian could seek help from. 
As such, she could only continue waiting. 
Suddenly, a red Ferrari sports car stopped in front of her. 
When she saw who the driver was, Vivian’s expression stiffened and she immediately turned to leave. 
However, the car door was swiftly pushed open and the driver stepped out, chasing after the woman. 
“Vivian, why are you walking away!” 
The woman stopped in her tracks and turned around reluctantly. “Mr. Norton,” she greeted. 
Fabian stood in front of Vivian, looking a little helpless. But still, he opened the car door and said, “Hop in, I’ll give you a lift home.”
However, Vivian did not move and merely replied, “Thanks, but my husband will be coming to fetch me.” 
She had intentionally emphasized on the words ‘my husband’ but Fabian seemed to look even more helpless as he said, “Vivian, you don’t have to spite me deliberately by saying that. I know that Uncle Finnick and my dad are both out of town.” 
Vivian did not expect that Finnick was out of town handling matters related to the Norton family and felt awkward instantly. However, she still stood firmly rooted to the ground and replied, “I’ll get a cab myself.” 
“Look at the time now. Do you really think you’ll be able to get a cab at this hour? Don’t worry, my intentions are pure. Even if it were another employee, I would have done the same.” 
After Fabian finished speaking, he saw that Vivian was still unwilling to budge. It was then that he felt a flash of irritation. Grabbing Vivian’s wrists, he dragged her into the car. 
“Fabian Norton, let go of me!” 
Vivian was extremely unwilling to be involved with Fabian in any sort of manner. Besides, there was already such an awkward relationship between them. Just the fact alone that Vivian could feel Fabian’s lingering feelings for her was enough for her to draw a clear line between them. 
However, she was no match for Fabian’s strength and was being forced into his car. 
Fabian shut the door immediately and manually locked Vivian’s side of the door with his car key, before getting into the car and driving away at the fastest speed possible. He left no chance for Vivian to get out of the car.
Vivian was simmering with anger as she glared at Fabian. Since she was already in his car, the best option she had was to keep quiet and not say a single word. 
Fabian read the situation well and did not try to start a conversation with Vivian. He simply drove her back to the villa in silence. 
When they arrived at the villa, Vivian finally heaved a sigh of relief at the familiar sight. She managed to force a ‘thanks’ out of her mouth and was about to get out of the car. 
However, just then, Fabian, who had been keeping quiet all along, suddenly grabbed her wrists and pulled her back into the seat. 
Thinking that the man was going to do something crazy again, Vivian stared at him with wide eyes and asked warily, “What do you want?” 
A pained look flashed across Fabian’s face when he observed Vivian’s defensive, yet fearful expression. 
However, he recovered quickly and said softly, “Vivian, I’m sorry.” 
Vivian had not expected that from Fabian. She was momentarily stunned and unable to react. 
“I’ve misunderstood you two years ago and left you when you needed me the most,” Fabian said seriously while looking at the woman in the eye. “I owe you an apology. I’m really, really sorry.” 
Fabian was genuinely sorry and meant every single word of that. 
All these while, he had been caught up with misunderstanding Vivian and taking revenge. After knowing the truth, he got busy thinking about Vivian’s relationship with Finnick. However, just the night before, he suddenly remembered that he still owed her an apology.
He had to take responsibility for his past misdeeds towards her. 
Vivian’s eyes flickered slightly as she looked at Fabian, who had a serious face. 
Her feelings at that moment was indescribable. 
Frankly, she was never expecting an apology from Fabian. No amount of ‘sorry’ could atone for the hurt that he had caused her. 
However, with Fabian looking so sincere in front of her, Vivian’s ice-cold guarded heart seemed to have melted a little.
###Chapter 129
Chapter 129 
At that instant, Vivian seemed to have recognized that flamboyant, yet warm Fabian she once knew. 
Her eyes dimmed and avoided his gaze. “It’s already in the past, so there’s no point bringing it up now.” 
Indeed, what’s done was already done. An apology would not make anything better. 
However, on a similar note, Vivian knew that there was no use holding on to it and she should let bygones be bygones. 
It was still not easy for her to pretend that it did not matter at all and tell Fabian that she had forgiven him, but she also did not intend to take any revenge against him. 
After all, he was her first love whom she had once loved deeply. He was present during the most wonderful part of her youth and she did not want to ruin him nor their beautiful memories together. 
“Vivian, I…” Fabian felt a stinging pain in his heart. Just when he wanted to say something in reply, Vivian had already looked up and said, “Thanks for sending me back. I have to go now. Bye.” 
Not giving the man a chance to respond, Vivian struggled immediately after she finished speaking and got off the car. 
Fabian remained seated in the car as he looked at Vivian’s back, feeling dejected. 
Is she not willing to give me a chance to apologize? 
Fabian continued to sit absentmindedly in the car without driving off. Before he realized, two hours had already gone by and it was already the darkest of the night.
The man slapped himself awake and was about to leave when he detected a burnt smell coming from the direction of the villa. 
Meanwhile, after Vivian got out of Fabian’s car, she returned to the villa and as usual, had dinner and washed up before going to bed. 
It could have been just her imagination, but Vivian felt especially sleepy that night. She was feeling so light-headed that she almost lost her balance while showering and fell asleep once she hit the sack. It was a dreamless night for the woman. 
Vivian wasn’t sure how long she had slept when she was woken up by a gush of smoke attacking her nostrils. 
Vivian let out bouts of coughs as she struggled to open her eyes, but smoke went into her eyes and she felt a stinging pain. 
The woman quickly realized something was amiss and climbed out of bed. However, she only realized when she tried to stand up that she was aching all over and barely had the strength to support herself. 
What on earth is happening? 
Vivian couldn’t bother to analyze the situation at that moment and quickly turned on her bedside lamp. 
With the room lit, she immediately saw that her entire room was filled with black smoke. 
H-Has… the house caught fire? 
Vivian was terrified. At the same time, her cough was worsened by the burnt stench that wafted into her nose continuously. However, she managed to calm herself down quickly and struggled to get down the bed as swiftly as she could with her aching body. After grabbing her jacket, Vivian dashed out of the bedroom.
What greeted her next was an even more horrifying sight! 
The flames were burning with menace as harsh smoke spiraled towards the ceiling. 
The only reason the situation back in the room was not as bad was because of the closed room door which acted as a barricade. Vivian could clearly see that the entire corridor was up in flames once she opened the door. 
“Molly! Liam!” Even when her own life was in danger, Vivian was still worried about the two elderly who were in their rooms. However, after calling out their names a few times, there was still no response. Instead, more smoke got into Vivian’s throat. 
The woman decided that she was not in the position to worry about others and the most important thing right then was for her to get out safely. 
But there was no way she could charge out of the house with the fire burning so fiercely! 
Vivian forced herself to stay composed and ran back to her bedroom and locked the door. Then, she carried the blanket into the bathroom and soaked it with water, before covering herself with it and dashed out of the room once again. 
With the wet blanket as protection, Vivian felt a little braver and ventured towards the corridor. She tried to stay low in order not to breathe in too much smoke. 
When she finally made it to the end of the corridor and was about to go downstairs, she noticed that the situation at the stairs was even worse. A few of the steps were already burnt and crumbling, making it impossible for her to step on them! 
Just as Vivian was in a complete fluster and not knowing what to do, she suddenly saw white smoke whizzing towards her in bouts.
She froze for a few seconds while staring at the white smoke when suddenly, she realized… 
It’s a fire extinguisher! 
The next moment, a familiar tall figure emerged through the smoke and was running towards her. 
“Vivian! Vivian! Where are you!” 
Vivian was both shocked and elated to hear that familiar voice, as if her last lifeline had arrived. “Fabian! Ahem! Fabian I’m here!” She screamed.
###Chapter 130
Chapter 130 
The white mist from the fire extinguisher restrained the fire on the stairs a little. At that instant, Vivian saw Fabian running towards her. In the next moment, the railing of the corridor next to her crashed down right between them and they were separated by surging flames. 
“Damn it!” Vivian heard Fabian yelling while covering his mouth, “Vivian, stay there! I’ll come and look for you!” 
Vivian was about to nod her head but suddenly she thought of something. 
Wait. Is Finnick’s necklace still in the bedroom? 
It should be. 
Finnick treasures that necklace. He rarely takes it outside. It is always kept in the drawer at home when he goes to work or goes on duty. 
The fire is so strong. After the table burns down, the crystal necklace will definitely be ruined. 
Wouldn’t Finnick be very sad? 
She couldn’t help but think about how Finnick always looked sad whenever he held that necklace. Suddenly, she felt bad. 
Damn, wouldn’t it be too selfish of me to disregard Finnick’s most treasured necklace? 
She knew that the necklace was not a living thing but that was Finnick’s only of sentimental value and she could not bear to deprive him of this last treasured memory!
Thinking of this, she took a look at the blanket covering her body. It was still quite wet. It might be able to hold it for a while as the fire had subsided a little for the time being. It would take some time for Fabian to reach her. 
So, she gritted her teeth, pinched her nose and yelled, “Fabian! I’ll go back and get something!” 
Fabian was struggling to put out the fire. Hearing Vivian’s words, he was shocked and he scolded, “Vivian, are you f***ing crazy? What can be more important than your life?” 
Vivian ignored Fabian’s words. Instead, she raced back to the room. 
Her body felt strangely weak for some reason but she did not think twice about that. Gritting her teeth, she rushed back to the room in one breath. 
She was coughing violently from inhaling too much smoke but that did not stop her. Once she got into the room, she rushed to the table. 
She had not closed the door when she left, so the fire had spread into the room and the table was on fire. Vivian opened the drawer with her hand wrapped inside the blanket. 
She did not realize that by now, the blanket had dried up and her hand was immediately scalded. 
“Ouch!” She screamed in pain but she bore the agony and pulled out the drawer. 
Immediately, she found the crystal necklace. 
As quickly as she could, she took out the necklace and was thinking of taking out the photograph but it caught fire and was burnt up in no time. 
She had no choice but to give it up while just grabbing the necklace carefully. Immediately, she tried to rush out of the room.
However, when she reached the doorway, the bookcase next to the door collapsed with a loud bang! 
The books on the bookcase was burned into ashes and the bookcase had fallen right across the doorway. Sparks were flying everywhere and Vivian was so frightened that she took a few steps back. 
What should I do… 
In that moment, the door was blocked. How can I go out? 
She thought of wrapping herself in the blanket and rushing out but the blanket had already started to catch fire. 
At that point, she was annoyed by her impetuousness. 
It seems like I might end up losing the necklace and my own life! 
She wondered if she really died, would Finnick be sadder over her death or the loss of the necklace? 
He would be sadder over the latter I guess… 
After all, as compared to Evelyn whom he had loved so much, I am just a stranger he had befriended for only a few months. 
Vivian was surprised by her thoughts. How could she, at this moment of life and death, think about these unessential things? 
The fire around her was getting bigger and warmer. She could hardly see the corridor and the smoke was getting thick. Then, she started coughing with teary eyes and her vision became blurred. 
Will I really lose my life here?
As she was about to break down, she wore the necklace around her neck to protect it. 
If her body were discovered together with the necklace, hopefully, Finnick would understand her kind intention and for her sake, treat her mother well.
###Chapter 131
Chapter 131 
As she wept and all sorts of nonsensical thoughts went through her mind, suddenly, she heard a shout. “Vivian” 
Vivian was startled and when she raised her head, she saw a figure running outside the flames. 
“Fabian!” She tried to yell but her throat was hoarse, “I-I’m here! H-Here!” 
Still, Fabian heard Vivian’s voice and rushed over immediately. 
Nevertheless, the fire at the door was so strong that he could not get in at all. His tried to use his fire extinguisher but its contents had run out. 
Vivian felt desperate. 
Am I fated to die here, now? 
Suddenly, to her shock, she saw Fabian throw the fire extinguisher out of his hand and rushed into the flames! 
Vivian’s mind was blown away as she screamed, “No, Fabian!” 
She could not believe her eyes. 
The fire was blazing at the doorway but Fabian just rushed inside as if he was crazy! 
Is he trying to get killed? 
Or… did he only care about saving me?
At this thought, she bit her lip fiercely and tears rolled down her cheeks only to be evaporated by the heat. 
Fool… You are really a fool… 
I’m not your girlfriend anymore. Why are you going so far to try to save me? It’s not worth it! 
At that instant, Fabian had rushed into the fire and in the next, he had reached Vivian. 
She could see that parts of his shirt had been burnt exposing his seared skin. 
She was frightened and quickly patted him with the blanket on her body to put out the fire. 
However, Fabian just put on a determined face and without wasting a second, he quickly hid under the blanket. Grabbing Vivian in his arms, the both quickly rushed out through the door again! 
Fabian was much bigger than Vivian and so in his embrace, she was totally protected from the flames. 
It was different for Fabian. Although he was covered by the blanket, the fire still reached him and Vivian could hear him grunting over her head. 
Vivian could not help trembling all over but she knew that this moment was not a time to be emotional. 
Fabian had done all these just for her and it was only because of her stupidity and ignorance that there were facing this danger! 
Hence, she had to grit her teeth and rush out of there! 
Bearing these thoughts in her mind, she did her best to synchronize her steps with Fabian’s and the two rushed out of the fire in the corridor. However, when they reached the entrance to the corridor, most of the stairs had been burned out.
Without hesitation, Fabian embraced Vivian, turned around and jumped down! 
Vivian was completely shielded from the impact as she landed on Fabian’s back because he had turned around when he jumped. 
Although the stairs were not high, there were burn wounds on his back. The moment they landed, Vivian heard his groans of pain even though he desperately held back his cries. She could imagine how much pain he was in! 
As she bit her lips, tears ran down her face uncontrollably. 
In spite of everything, Fabian staggered up as if he felt no pain, grabbed Vivian’s hand and ran outside. 
He had barely run a few steps when he stumbled. 
“Enough, Fabian, enough!” Vivian quickly steadied him and spoke hoarsely, “I’ll support you!” 
Vivian discovered that compared to the second floor, the fire on the ground floor was less severe. Although it was difficult for her petite stature to support Fabian along, it was fortunate that there was no fire at all. Finally, she managed to help Fabian out of the door. 
As soon as they were outside, she discovered that the fire had attracted the attention of residents in other villas nearby. Someone had called a fire engine and an ambulance. When Vivian and Fabian came out, there were exclamations of surprise from the crowd. 
At that moment, the firefighters were just about to enter the villa. Seeing the two of them, they too were surprised and hurried over to carry them up directly into the ambulance. 
Vivian felt extremely giddy as if she were seeing stars but she forced herself to keep going. She grabbed the sleeve of the closest fireman and asked, “I-Is he okay…”
###Chapter 132
Chapter 132 
Helping him come outside had exhausted her so much that she had no energy left to check his condition. 
The fireman sensed that she was asking about Fabian so he quickly took a look and replied, “He is quite alright but he has fainted. Don’t you worry!” 
Only after hearing that was Vivian relieved. She closed her eyes and fell unconscious. 
Moments passed. 
When Vivian woke up the next time, she was lying on a hospital bed inside a ward. 
At her bedside, sat Noah. 
“Mrs. Norton, you’re awake!” Noah stood up as soon as he saw that she had regained consciousness. “How do you feel? Can you see clearly?” 
At his words, Vivian realized that indeed, her eyesight seemed blurry and she could not see very well. 
However, she was not concerned about that, instead, she grabbed Noah and asked in a hoarse voice, “Where’s Fabian?” 
As soon as she spoke, she realized that her voice sounded like a damaged musical instrument. 
A look of embarrassment flashed across Noah’s face but he replied, “Don’t worry. He’s fine. His wounds are infected but he should be awake now.” 
Vivian heaved a sigh of relief. Then she coughed violently.
Noah quickly poured her a cup of water. “Mr. Norton is on the flight. He should be landing in a few hours.” 
“Isn’t he in A Nation on a job?” 
“The moment he heard about the fire at home, he booked the earliest flight back.” Noah continued in earnest, “Mrs. Norton, Mr. Norton is very concerned about you.” 
Vivian’s lips twitched. 
Perhaps, he’s more concerned about the necklace? 
At the thought of the necklace, she quickly felt around her neck and said in a panic, “Where is the necklace?” 
Noah was stunned at first. Then he remembered and immediately picked up the crystal necklace from the bedside nightstand. “Are you referring to this?” 
Noah had no idea what the crystal necklace was all about. He watched as Vivian held the necklace in her hands and a wave of relief washed over her. “This is great! The necklace is still here…” 
Noah felt puzzled. Just as he was about to call the doctor to give Vivian an examination, she looked up suddenly and asked, “Mr. Lotte, can you please take me to see Fabian?” 
She knew that when Finnick arrived, with his domineering temperament, she might not have the chance to visit Fabian at all. 
However, she was really worried about Fabian and more importantly, she really felt that she had been unjust to him. 
Noah looked uncomfortable as he replied, “Mrs. Norton, this is not quite right…”
I must be out of my mind to bring Mrs. Norton to see her ex-boyfriend… 
Vivian frowned, saying, “Well, if you’re not willing to accompany me, I will have to go on my own.” 
At that, she struggled to get off the bed. 
“Oh, Mrs. Norton, please…” Noah was worried about her, and now he had no choice but to help her into the wheelchair and hang the intravenous bottle on the chair as well. “It’s better that I send you there.” 
Pushing Vivian on the wheelchair, Noah arrived at Fabian’s ward. Before they could enter, they could hear Ashley crying and sobbing. 
“Fabian, how did you get such serious injuries? Oh, what am I supposed to do?” 
Vivian was at a loss and instinctively, she wanted to leave. However, Fabian who was lying on the bed had already seen her. 
There was a twinkle in his eyes as he quickly spoke up, “Vivian, since you’re here, why not enter?” 
Vivian could only brace herself as she signal Noah to push her inside. 
The moment Ashley saw her, her tears stopped flowing and flames of jealousy and hatred filled her eyes. 
Quickly, Fabian turned to Ashley and said, “Ashley, leave us for a while.” 
Unwillingness was written all over Ashley’s face but since Fabian was insistent, she had no choice but to leave. Before that, she made sure to glare at Vivian venomously. 
Noah left the room too.
In the ward, Fabian was alone with Vivian. 
Vivian gazed at Fabian’s pale face. His legs were in plaster casts. On his face and shoulders were numerous burn injuries and she wondered how bad were the burns under his clothes. 
Spontaneously, her eyes turned a little red. 
Nonetheless, she did her best to control her emotions and said softly, “Fabian, I really want to thank you sincerely for this.” 
Fabian looked at Vivian and replied calmly, “You really should thank me. Did you know how dangerous it was back there? You went back into the room to get that necklace. If it weren’t for me, I guess you would have died inside.”
###Chapter 133
Chapter 133 
As a matter of fact, when he was saving Vivian, he had observed that she was risking her life to retrieve a crystal necklace. 
Vivian’s hands gripped her hospital gown as she spoke gently, “In truth, you need not have gone that far to save me.” 
“Need not have done that?” Fabian raised his eyebrows suddenly. “Vivian, what are you talking about? Did you think that I would stand by and let you die?” 
Vivian could not meet Fabian’s gaze and so she turned away, saying, “Actually, you only needed to take care of yourself. I am not worthy of your effort.” 
Fabian had told himself not to lose his temper with Vivian but hearing her words, he lost his temper again. 
He got up, and with his bandaged hand, he held Vivian’s chin and forced her to meet his gaze. Coldly, he spoke, “Vivian, it is my decision to make, not yours!” 
As Vivian looked at Fabian, she could see that he was no longer able to conceal his emotions. 
She could not help feeling afraid. 
No! 
You can’t do this. 
The person that she was now must never have an intimate relationship with Fabian.
With that in mind, she felt the need to do right. Quickly she broke away from Fabian’s hold and said sharply, “Fabian, please be mindful of your attitude. Remember that I am your aunt now!” 
Aunt Vivian. 
Those two words were like cold water pouring on Fabian’s emotions. 
In that instant, she moved his hand away as she frowned and looked at him. “Fabian, you will be married to Ashley soon. I hope today’s lapse in self-control will never happen again.” 
With that, she did not look at Fabian again but rolled her wheelchair out of the ward. Fabian was left feeling lost, sitting on the hospital bed. 
Outside the ward, Vivian stopped for a while to take a few deep breaths. 
Fabian’s reaction just now felt like a thorn pricking her heart—arousing feelings she could not describe. 
Back then, when Fabian tried every means to torture and insult her, she had thought that he just hated her betrayal and so he wanted to revenge. 
But today, seeing the unbearable sentiment in Fabian’s eyes and his desperation to control himself, she knew that she was wrong. 
He had never stopped loving her—not at all. 
He tried to torture her before because he had not stopped loving her. It was because of this that after he found out about the truth, he seemed to be expecting something that he should not expect. 
However, now there was nothing to expect anymore. 
She had become his aunt, and he was about to become her brother-in-law. The two of them were destined to be strangers.
The thorn in her heart seemed to be constantly stirring up unbearable feelings. 
At one point, they were certain that they would be partners for life. Yet, they had ended up this way. 
Fabian, you have realized the truth too late… 
As soon as Vivian came out on her wheelchair, Ashley suddenly popped out of the corner and stopped her. 
Ashley’s beguiling face was, at that time, full of tears as she bit her lips. “Vivian, I want to talk with you.” 
Vivian knew Ashley too well. If she did not talk with her now, Ashley would keep on harassing her. She had no choice but to reign in her own sadness and spoke to Noah, “You go back first.” 
Noah looked at Ashley in suspicion and said to Vivian in a low voice, “Mrs. Norton, I’ll be just round the corner. Call me if you need anything.” 
Vivian nodded her head. 
As soon as Noah left, Ashley gave up any trace of pretense. Immediately, she snarled at Vivian, “Vivian! You shameless woman, when will you leave Fabian alone?” 
Vivian found her accusation hilarious. “Ashley, since when am I not willing to leave?” 
“You are trying to seduce him all the time! Otherwise he would not get burnt so badly just to save you.” She felt extremely jealous and angry just to think that he had injured himself so badly over saving Vivian. “You shameless woman, from the time we were kids, you have been trying to snatch my things. What else are you good for?”
###Chapter 134
Chapter 134 
Originally, Vivian didn’t want to pay any attention to Ashley, but when she heard Ashley’s words, her expression darkened and she hissed, “Ashley Miller, ask your conscience, who was the one who always wanted things that weren’t hers?” 
Vivian spent her primary and high school days in international schools together with Ashley, and Ashley had never made life easy for her. 
When Vivian had a crush on a senior, Ashley confessed to him first and dumped him after three days. Then, when Vivian wanted to be recognized as one of the model students in school, Ashley asked Emma to bribe the higher-ups and the title went to Ashley instead. Furthermore, when Vivian joined a club, Ashley asked the teacher to disband the club entirely. 
Vivian could never understand why Ashley would go to great lengths just to spite her since Ashley was already the favorite child ever since they were young. 
It wasn’t until Vivian had enough of Ashley’s bullying that she enrolled in a different high school to distance herself from Ashley and gained respite from her sister’s harassment. 
Ashley glared at Vivian and retorted, “You of course! Don’t think I don’t know that you are jealous of me since we were young. You wanted to take away everything that belonged to me, the only reason you didn’t was because you failed time and time again. But this time, you actually succeeded! God knows what kind of underhanded methods you used to deal with Fabian!” 
Vivian was utterly shocked at how delusional Ashley was. 
“Whatever.” Vivian was done dealing with Ashley. “I already told you, I’m married, so I’m not interested in your man. Do whatever you want with that information.”
With that, Vivian wheeled her wheelchair and left. 
As Vivian was leaving, Ashley bit her lip so hard it almost bled. 
In actuality, Ashley knew that Vivian was speaking the truth, because the problem lied with Fabian, not Vivian. 
Now that Fabian is injured, the wedding will definitely be postponed. I’m so scared that the wedding will just be canceled after the postponement! 
How can I make Fabian stay? 
With a glimmer in her eyes, she suddenly looked down at her belly. 
Maybe that’s the only way… 
After Vivian went back to her ward, she could feel her eyelids becoming heavier and heavier. She closed her eyes and soon fell asleep. 
Unbeknownst to her, while she was sound asleep, a man stepped into her ward. 
When Finnick saw how pale the woman before him was and how many wounds she bore, his expression contorted in rage. 
“Mr. Norton, Mrs. Norton is doing fine,” Noah whispered. 
“Did you find out who did this?” Finnick asked in a cold tone. 
“The reports of what happened will be delivered to us soon.” 
“Good.” Finnick retracted his gaze and declared, “Before that happens, let’s go visit the other victim.”
It took a moment before Noah realized who Finnick was talking about. 
Sitting in his wheelchair, Finnick arrived at Fabian’s ward. 
It took a lot of effort for Fabian to chase Ashley away earlier, and he was currently staring at his phone wondering if he should text Vivian to check on her. At that moment, he heard someone rapping on his door. 
“Come in.” He was curious as to who would visit him, but when he saw the man in the wheelchair, he froze in shock. 
“Uncle Finnick?” With a tone of surprise, he asked, “What are you doing back so soon?” 
Wasn’t Uncle Finnick handling the Norton family’s business in A Nation? Why did he come back so soon? 
Could it be that he rushed back because he heard about what happened to Vivian? 
At that realization, Fabian felt a sense of displeasure. 
Even my biological father simply gave me a phone call after finding out about my injury. 
“I heard you got injured because of Vivian, so I came to visit you,” Finnick said flatly with a poker face on. 
Fabian frowned and replied, “Thanks for your concern, Uncle Finnick. How is Vivian… Aunt Vivian doing?” 
Finnick’s expression darkened instantly when he heard the obvious concern in Fabian’s voice. Finnick opted to not answer the question causing an awkward silence to fill the entire room.
###Chapter 135
Chapter 135 
“It looks like you really are concerned about my wife,” Finnick slowly uttered after a long pause. His voice was calm, but the feeling it gave off was inexplicably ominous. 
When Fabian heard the possessiveness that Finnick had towards Vivian from Finnick’s voice, a surge of anger bubbled within him. 
Since Finnick and Mark’s relationship wasn’t great, Fabian didn’t really have much respect for his uncle. He dropped his polite act and scoffed, “Yeah. After all, she was my first love.” 
Fabian said that to get a reaction out of Finnick, but Finnick maintained his cold smile as he said slowly, “Thanks for your concern.” 
All of a sudden, the words died on Fabian’s lips. He finally lost his temper when he saw the smugness on Finnick’s expression. He sat up abruptly on the bed and yelled, “Finnick, cut the crap and tell me why you came to me.” 
Finnick simply flashed a cold smile in response when he saw how frustrated Fabian was. “Of course I’m here to thank you for saving my wife.” 
In fact, Finnick meant his words. 
Even though he was displeased at the fact that Fabian was the one who rescued Vivian from the fire, but if it wasn’t for Fabian, Vivian might’ve suffered even more injuries. 
Despite his sincerity, his words pricked Fabian’s ears like needles. 
Enraged, Fabian laughed, he stared mockingly at the wheelchair-ridden Finnick and scoffed, “That’s right. I was the one who saved Vivian from the fire, unlike a certain someone who would’ve only
burdened her even if they were there, right?” 
A dark haze loomed over Finnick’s expression instantly and even Noah was angered by that statement. Noah stepped forward and hissed, “Fabian Norton, what the hell do you mean by that?” 
“I think I made myself very clear.” Fabian’s smile faded as he looked at Finnick’s legs. “How can a disabled person like you ever give Vivian the happiness she deserves? If someday Vivian and you faced some sort of danger, would you be able to save her? No! Because you’re a crippled piece of sh*t! You can’t even-” 
Before Fabian could finish, Finnick grabbed Fabian’s knees that were covered under the blanket. 
Surprised, Fabian demanded, “What are you doing?” 
He then tried to shake Finnick’s hands off, but no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t himself from the immensely powerful grip. 
“I’m just teaching you some manners as a family elder.” Finnick’s expression was as ambiguous as ever. 
“You crippled sh*t!” Fabian was a man of pride, so it was natural he couldn’t stand Finnick’s humiliating threats. He struggled even more as he roared, “Let go of me!” 
However, Finnick’s expression darkened further and he exerted more force with his palms. 
All of a sudden, Fabian felt a sharp pain radiating from his knee and he fell backward weakly on the bed. 
“Stop using the word ‘crippled’ every chance you get.” Finnick’s voice had a hint of menace in it as compared to his calm tone before. “I can make sure that you spend the rest of your life on a wheelchair
just like me.” 
Instinctively, Fabian wanted to rebuke him, but he was genuinely scared now because of the pain on his knees, so he held his tongue. 
He knew that even though Finnick was wheelchair-ridden, he had the ability to cripple him because Finnick learned all sorts of self-defense techniques since young. 
Fabian smirked coldly when he saw that Finnick finally kept quiet. He let go of his knee and left without saying a word. 
“Finnick!” Before he left the room, however, Fabian yelled his name from behind. 
Even so, he didn’t stop moving. 
“I could’ve rescued Vivian from the fire without her suffering any injuries. But, she fought tooth and nail to retrieve something and that caused us to be trapped in the fire!” 
Hearing this, Finnick finally stopped in his tracks.
###Chapter 136
Chapter 136 
“What was it?” Without turning around, Finnick asked in a cold voice. 
However, Fabian didn’t answer because he recognized the necklace that Vivian risked her life for trying to retrieve. 
One time when Mark was drunk, he mocked Finnick by saying that he was a useless piece of lovesick trash because he still cherished a cheap crystal necklace even though Evelyn had been dead for ten years. 
That means that Vivian tried to retrieve the necklace for Finnick’s sake. 
Jealousy bubbled in him like an overflowing cauldron, so Fabian didn’t want to answer Finnick’s question. Instead, Fabian smirked and suggested, “If you really want to know, why don’t you ask her yourself?” 
When Finnick heard that, he finally left for real because he no longer wanted to waste his words on Fabian. 
Finnick returned to Vivian’s ward and saw that she was still fast asleep. She looked pallid and her brows were furrowed as if the pain from her wounds was troubling her even in her sleep. 
Seeing that, Finnick felt a sharp tug in his heart. 
“Tell the company that I’m not going back these few days. Arrange a video meeting if there’s anything urgent or just come look for me directly,” Finnick instructed Noah softly. 
“Mr. Norton…” Noah was absolutely stunned because he had never seen the responsible Finnick Norton shirk his work even after working under him for many years.
Finnick ignored Noah’s shocked expression and approached Vivian, he then caressed her face tenderly with his slender fingers. 
While Vivian was in dreamland, she suddenly felt a hand gently stroking her cheeks. 
It was a familiar feeling, so she opened her eyes slightly and saw a superbly handsome face in her groggy state. 
She stiffened and tried to sit up. “Finnick?” 
However, Finnick pressed her shoulders down. “Don’t move. Just lie down.” 
Vivian nodded and did as instructed. 
“How are you feeling?” Finnick tried to sound as calm as possible, but a faint hint of anger still slipped through his lips. 
Vivian could tell that something was amiss even though she couldn’t figure out what. She frowned and asked, “Finnick, are you angry?” 
Finnick fell silent at that. 
Angry? 
More like scared. 
A wave of fear surged within his heart when he found out that the house caught on fire while he was in A Nation, just like ten years ago. 
But, he had no intention of telling Vivian that. Instead, he held her wrist and inspected the burn marks on the back of her hand with a sad expression.
“Fabian told me just now that you went back to the room to get something during the fire, right?” Finnick answered Vivian’s question with a question of his own. 
Visibly taken aback, Vivian suddenly recalled something. 
“Yeah. I went back to get this.” Her eyes were still blurry from her sleep, so she fumbled around as she tried to take the necklace off her neck. “You must be worried about this necklace, right?” 
Finnick felt a sudden coldness in his palms, and he was shocked to realize that the crystal necklace was already in his hands. 
His head snapped towards Vivian and he asked in a quizzical tone, “Did you go back to the room just to get this necklace?” 
Because everything looked blurry to her, she couldn’t read his expressions, so she replied frankly, “Yeah. I thought that you must be concerned about it.” 
Finnick grabbed onto the necklace tightly and fell silent for a long while. 
Never would he have thought that the item Vivian risked her life for was this necklace. 
Sensing the cold silence in the room, Vivian asked anxiously out of concern, “Finnick, why aren’t you speaking? Did something happen to the necklace? Did it get damaged during the fire?” 
She then immediately inspected the necklace closely, but it was too small, and her vision was blurry, so she couldn’t notice anything significant. 
“Vivian William, are you f*cking insane?” 
Just as she was squinting at the necklace, a furious bellow rang in her ears.
###Chapter 137
Chapter 137 
Vivian froze. 
Having known Finnick for so many years, she had never heard the man curse or speak in such an agitated manner. 
She frowned and asked, “Finnick, what’s-” 
But before she could finish, Finnick interrupted her with another yell. “You went back to the room just for a necklace? Do you know how lucky you were? You could’ve died in there!” 
Finnick was absolutely livid at this point. 
She’s such a moron! Is her life any less important than this stupid necklace? 
I admit, this necklace is really important to me because it’s the only thing she left for me… 
But how can a mere necklace ever compare to Vivian? 
From the moment he found out about the fire, the only thing he was worried about was Vivian, and the existence of the necklace slipped through his mind completely. 
For Vivian to confirmed that she put herself in danger just for that necklace… 
It was only natural that Finnick was furious. 
Finnick’s tone was harsh, and it was very different from his usual composed and sophisticated manner. 
Because of her eyes, Vivian couldn’t see Finnick’s concern and fear. All she registered was his fury and disapproval.
She never expected that all she got after risking her life for a necklace was a scolding. 
The fear that she had been suppressing since the fire and the indignance she felt now culminated into tears in her eyes. 
That brought even more pain to her eyes, so she had to lower her head to rub it. 
On the other hand, Finnick was angry beyond belief, so he didn’t even notice Vivian’s expression. He simply clenched the necklace until it bore into his palms as he looked down in frustration. 
For the first time in ten years, he felt fury instead of despair and guilt when he saw the necklace. 
Vivian was in danger all because of this necklace. 
If I continue to keep this necklace, would that fool of a woman make the same stupid and dangerous mistake the next time something like this happens? 
He knew that he was being very irrational right now, which was a far cry from his usual composed manner, but he couldn’t help himself from thinking that way. 
When he saw Vivian’s pale complexion and the numerous burns on her body, rage surged within him and forced his hands to hurl the necklace away. 
Clang! 
The sound reverberated throughout the silent room and caused Vivian to look up abruptly. 
She couldn’t really see what happened, but the sound still gave her an uneasy feeling. 
“Finnick Norton, what did you do!”
His anger not yet subsided, Finnick stared at Vivian and uttered coldly, “I smashed the necklace.” 
“What! Are you crazy!” Vivian broke down when he said that. She sat up immediately and started searching for the necklace’s fragments in his hands because she couldn’t see where it went. “Did you really smash the necklace? What were you thinking! Your ex-girlfriend left it behind for you!” 
That surprised Finnick because he never thought that Vivian would know about the necklace’s origins. 
Despite so, at that moment, he couldn’t care less about it. He grabbed Vivian’s wrist with one hand and wrapped his other arm around her waist. In just a split second, the distance between them was so close it looked as if they had melded into one. 
He looked down at Vivian and spoke in a tone that was full of fury, “Vivian, I’m telling you now that if this necklace is going to cause you any danger in the future, I’d rather destroy it!” 
Vivian, who was still in a state of breakdown, suddenly froze when she heard that. 
What does he mean by that? 
Did he… smash the necklace because of me? 
How is that possible? Didn’t his ex-girlfriend give him that? Isn’t it very important to him? So why did he do it…
###Chapter 138
Chapter 138 
Vivian felt realization budding within her like a germinating seed; she somewhat understood what was going on now, yet she didn’t have the courage to face it. 
Because of his fit of anger just now, he didn’t notice that Vivian’s eyes were reddened and her gaze was somewhat unfocused. 
Panic rose within him the moment he saw Vivian’s state and he moved her back on the bed and waved his hands in front of her. 
Vivian frowned and said, “I’m not blind. I can still see; it’s just a bit blurry.” 
“Blurry?” Finnick’s voice became softer. “Damn it. Why didn’t you look for a doctor then?” 
As he said that, he pressed the bell to summon the doctor before Vivian could react. 
Meanwhile, Vivian noticed that Finnick was very jumpy and easily agitated that day, unlike his usual demeanor. “I thought it wasn’t anything serious, but honestly, it actually hurts a little now.” 
The worry in his eyes grew even deeper when he heard that, and he momentarily forgot what happened before. He covered Vivian’s eyes with his hands to force her to shut them. “Close your eyes. Let’s wait for the doctor.” 
Vivian lay down calmly on the bed and didn’t resist his touch. She thought that everything was fine as long as Finnick wasn’t angry. 
Soon, the doctor arrived. After inspecting Vivian, the doctor explained that her eyes were just exposed to smoke, and the usage of eye drops would alleviate her discomfort. The doctor also added that her eyes were drier than usual, so she was encouraged to not use her eyes for the next few days.
Vivian understood the doctor’s words as limiting her exposure to books, phones, and such, but the fastidious Finnick asked the doctor to prepare a blindfold for her. 
“Isn’t that too much?” She couldn’t help but protest, “It’s not something serious anyway. I can’t live a normal life like this!” 
“You don’t have to.” Finnick’s domineering personality was more obvious than usual. He put the blindfold on Vivian and said in a tone that left no room for discussion, “I’ll take care of you.” 
“But you need to work…” When Vivian’s sight was replaced by inky darkness, she felt uneasy. She tried to take it off only to be stopped by Finnick. 
“I already told the company that I’ll be working from here for the next few days.” 
“What?” Vivian gaped in shock and forgot all about the blindfold. “You’ll be working from here?” 
Isn’t Finnick someone who would work overtime without batting an eye? Is he really staying here just so he can take care of me? 
“It’s fine, really,” she hastily said. “You can just ask Molly to take care of me.” 
“No. My decision is final. You should get some sleep now.” Finnick had already made up his mind. 
Vivian knew his antics quite well, so judging by his authoritative tone, she knew that her protests would fall on deaf ears. She had no choice but to lay back down on the bed. 
Vivian had a lot of wounds, so she took some painkillers that made her feel sleepy. That, combined with her blindfold, made her fall asleep soon after she lay down. 
Noah, who didn’t dare to say anything just now, stepped forward and whispered, “Mr. Norton, I already found out what happened during the fire.”
Once Vivian fell asleep, Finnick returned to his calm and collected demeanor. He wheeled himself to the restroom beside the ward while keeping his eyes on Vivian and instructed, “Go ahead.” 
“The fire started from the second floor and the site of ignition is probably the study next to the master bedroom.” 
Finnick’s gaze turned sharp. “So you’re saying that the perpetrator was targeting Vivian from the start.” 
Noah nodded and said with a solemn expression, “Moreover, I sent some men to check every single entry point of the room and found out that none of the anti-theft equipment was damaged. There wasn’t any footage of anyone stepping into the room as well.”
###Chapter 139
Chapter 139 
Finnick narrowed his eyes. 
Noah knew what was on Finnick’s mind and nodded in reply. 
The security system in Finnick’s villa was top-notch. The fact that there were no signs of sabotage could only mean that the fire was… 
It’s caused by internal staff members… 
Finnick tensed up, his voice was chilly when he ordered, “Get Liam and Molly for me.” 
Half an hour later, Finnick arranged a few guards at Vivian’s ward and headed to the hospital’s underground storage room alone. 
Inside, a man and a woman were tied up on the floor. 
The door opened. A slender man in a wheelchair wheeled in slowly and stopped in front of them. 
Realizing who it was, the woman was astonished. “Mr. Norton! Mr. Norton, what did we do to deserve this?” 
Molly never thought that there would come a day like this. She had always taken care of Finnick with all her heart. 
Finnick ignored her and said flatly, “Liam, Molly, seeing that both of you are the seniors in the Norton family, please just confess. Do not force my hand.” 
Molly looked confused. “Confess? Mr. Norton, is there some misunderstanding?”
“How about you, Liam? Anything you want to say?” Finnick continued without answering Molly. 
Ever since Finnick entered the room, Liam’s expression had been grim. As he looked at Finnick, he suddenly let out a menacing laugh. 
In response, Finnick simply sat there and let Liam have his time. He was in no hurry. 
As Liam’s laughter ended, he glared at Finnick. “What a pity. To think that that woman would survive such a huge fire.” 
As Liam spoke, Finnick remained as calm as ever. It was clear that the latter already knew what was going on. Molly on the other hand was stumped. “What nonsense are you spouting, old man?” 
“Nonsense? I’m just saying the truth” Liam continued. “After all, Mr. Norton. You’ve already found out about it, right? That I drugged Vivian’s soup and started the fire. Do whatever you want with me. My wife knows nothing, so leave her out of this.” 
Molly’s eyes widened and she screamed, “Liam Zachary! Are you crazy? You dare harm Mrs. Norton? Have you forgotten what the Norton family had done for us?” 
“Of course I remember!” Liam roared. “But I’m doing this precisely for the Nortons!” 
Compared to the agitated state that Liam and Molly were in, Finnick, on the other hand, showed almost no reaction. The only difference was that his gaze grew cold and gloomy. 
Liam had been around Finnick for a long time to know the murderous intent behind that look. Cold sweat started streaking down his face but he forced out a statement. “Mr. Norton, let me be honest with you. There’s only one person who can inherit the Norton family business. And logically speaking, that person should be the eldest of the family. On top of that, you’re now a cripple. There’s no reason for you to be competing with your brother! This would only harm the family!”
Finnick sneered after hearing Liam’s justification. “So you’re telling me that you targeted Vivian just because of that?” 
“That’s right” Liam’s gritted his teeth. “I can’t allow you to have an heir that might compete with Fabian. Everything I did was for the sake of the Norton family…” 
“Excuses. All of it.” Finnick snapped with an icy tone. “Tell me the truth. How much did Mark offer you?” 
Liam instantly went pale and his words died on his lips. 
Looking at Liam, Finnick felt nothing but disgust for the old man. 
This is human nature. On the surface, you kept insisting that everything you did is for the family. But deep down, you’re just a puppet guided by your own greed. 
Finnick had no need for people like him ten years ago. That fact remained true even now. 
As the disgust that Finnick felt for Liam intensify by the second, he could no longer stand the sight of the old man. Finnick turned around and got ready to leave the room. 
At that moment, Liam shouted out behind him, “Finnick! Even though I accepted Mr. Mark’s bribe, what I said is true! In the end, he chose to target Vivian instead of you. It’s clear that he still values this relationship. Please stop going against him! With Norton family’s wealth, you won’t have to worry about a thing until the day you die!”
###Chapter 140
Chapter 140 
Finnick stopped in his tracks after hearing what Liam said. 
He snickered. 
Oh Liam. You really are loyal to Mark. 
“He values our relationship?” Finnick taunted. “Liam oh Liam. Looks like Mark never trusted you. Did he not tell you the truth behind the kidnapping ten years ago?” 
“What do you mean?” Liam turned deathly pale. 
Finnick simply ignored him and proceeded to leave the storage room. 
Back in the hospital hallway, he finally gave Noah an order. “Settle this for me.” 
“Understood, Mr. Norton,” Noah noted and he raised an eyebrow. “But don’t you want to see this through personally?” 
Compared to when Finnick found out about Vivian getting hurt, his reaction this time was far more calmer. Noah had thought that the man would be furious. 
Finnick sneered, “He’s just a pawn in the grand scheme of things. There’s no need to be too serious about it. Besides, the one that I’m after is still out of my reach for now.” 
Noah immediately understood and said nothing further. 
“One more thing.” Finnick suddenly thought of something as his gaze flickered. “Send Molly and her son overseas and give them some cash.”
Noah knew Finnick never blamed the innocent. He nodded and accepted the request. 
By the time Finnick returned to the ward, night had fallen and the hallways were empty. 
“Um. Mr. Norton. Would you like to head over to a hotel nearby? Or should I find an empty room for you?” Noah had no idea what Finnick wanted to do at the moment so he carefully probed. 
However, Finnick’s answer left him in shock. 
“It’s fine. I’ll sleep here in Vivian’s room.” 
Noah’s eyes almost popped out from its sockets when he heard that. It took quite a while for him to calm down. “Ok. I’ll ask the nurse to prepare an extra bed for you then,” he replied. 
They arrived at Vivian’s room door while they talked. 
Through the window on the door, Finnick’s gaze fell upon the bed that Vivian was sleeping in. The bed’s actually quite big. But I guess that’s normal since this is a VIP room after all. 
“Never mind that.” Finnick stopped Noah from looking for a nurse. “I’ll sleep on Vivian’s bed.” 
Noah gaped at Finnick in shock. 
I-Is this… S-Still Mr. Norton? Mr. Norton, who always has high expectations for quality of life, is going to share a sickbed with a patient? 
Perhaps it was because Noah’s reaction was too over the top, Finnick raised his head and looked at Noah. “Is there a problem?” 
Noah quickly closed his mouth and replied, “No problem at all. I’ll bring some toiletries and some clean clothes for you then.
It only took a short while for Noah to send all the necessities over. Finnick washed up in the private toilet provided, got into his pajamas, and came to Vivian’s bedside. 
The bed was indeed big. Coupled with the fact that Vivian always slept curled up on her side, there was even more space on it. Finnick easily found a comfortable spot and laid down. 
Vivian, who was sound asleep, felt a sudden but familiar warmth behind her and her forehead creased. She instinctively turned around. 
Her nose bumped into something as she turned. 
Ouch. That hurt. 
She was instantly wide awake. Vivian tried to open her eyes but then she remembered that Finnick put a blindfold on her that obscured her vision. 
Vivian tried to take off the blindfold but her hands were held in place before she could do anything. 
“Don’t move.” A soft voice whispered to her ear along with the warmth of the breath. “I already told you. Other than when you need the eye drops, the blindfold stays on.” 
“Finnick?” Vivian was stunned. She could not see a thing but she recognized the man’s voice. 
Vivian felt something was amiss, but since Finnick prohibited her from taking off the blindfold, she had no choice but to fumble around in the darkness with her hands. 
Lo and behold, she could tell that what she was touching was Finnick’s chest. Flustered, she blurted, “Finnick?” Why… Why are you on my bed? Wait! Are you in your pajamas?”
###Chapter 141
Chapter 141 
Finnick always had a suit on but what Vivian touched was smooth and felt loose. It was clear that Finnick was wearing his usual silk pajamas. 
Why didn’t he go home? Why is he here in his pajamas? 
The more Vivian thought about it, the more confused she got. She started feeling around Finnick’s body. 
What she felt stumped her. Huh. Even though I’ve seen his body with my own eyes, this feels really different from what I thought. 
She often heard that eight-packs felt like ice cubes but she always waved them off as exaggerations. That was, until now. 
Moreover, the lines and grooves of his V-cut is very apparent… 
Vivian was in over her head as her hands slipped further below and touched… 
At that moment, a grunt interrupted her followed by Finnick’s voice. “Vivian William. Are you tempting me?” 
Vivian came back to her senses. Realizing what she touched, she quickly retracted her hands. 
However, her hands were caught by Finnick and held in front of his chest. 
“Fin-Finnick.” Vivian’s mind was all over the place, but she was able to confirm that Finnick was in his pajamas lying beside her. “Why are you here? Why didn’t you go home?” 
“To accompany you.” Finnick lowered his voice.
“Accompany me?” Vivian was thoroughly in shock. 
In the dark, Finnick could see Vivian’s astonishment even with her blindfold on. He pursed his lips. 
Something in him melted. Initially, he had a lot of anger pent up from all the worrying. But at that instance, he felt at peace. 
Finnick could not help his hand from wrapping around her slim waist, pulling her into his embrace. 
He buried his face into Vivian’s silk-like hair and a faint fragrance wafted into his nose. Taking a deep breath, he spoke. “I’m sorry.” 
Vivian was already slow to react because of the blindfold. Hearing Finnick’s sudden apology made her even more so. “What are you sorry for?” 
“I overreacted today.” Finnick thought back to how he roared at Vivian and even smashed the necklace. It was all actions he regretted. 
Since when did my control over my emotions got so bad? 
Finnick had thought that after the incident ten years ago, he would have the presence of mind to face anything. He never would have thought that Vivian would come along and stir him up again. 
Vivian recalled what happened that morning and her lashes fluttered under the blindfold. 
Finnick… So you really do regret breaking the necklace? 
She did not know how to react to his words. In the end, she settled for a smile. “That’s right. You were too reckless to smash that precious necklace of yours just like that.” 
Even in the dark, Finnick could see that Vivian’s smile was forced.
He frowned as he pulled Vivian closer to him. 
“What I regretted was not about smashing the necklace,” he said softly at her ear. 
Confused, Vivian rebutted, “Impossible. That necklace was your ex-girlfriend’s…” 
She immediately regretted the words that left her mouth. 
Oh no. Why did I have to mention Evelyn? 
Regardless, Vivian did not know how she should approach talking about Finnick’s past relationship. Not to mention, the girl had passed away, making the topic even harder to broach. But one thing that Vivian knew for sure was that what happened to Evelyn definitely left a scar in Finnick’s heart and she really did not want to pry. 
However, Finnick was only slightly startled. “You actually know quite a lot huh?” 
Vivian felt a little awkward since she could not determine how Finnick was feeling at the moment through his tone. Thus, she kept quiet. 
Compared to Vivian’s tensed-up body, Finnick was more relaxed. He was enjoying the scent of Vivian in his arms as he played around with her hair.
###Chapter 142
Chapter 142 
“The necklace was definitely special to me.” To Vivian’s surprise, Finnick straight-up admitted to it. Her eyes darkened under the blindfold. “But,” Finnick continued. “If you’re ever dumb enough to put yourself in danger for the necklace again, I’d rather break it into pieces.” 
Vivian was shocked. 
Finnick did say something similar in the morning, but she thought it was all on impulse and did not dwell on it. 
She never expected Finnick to repeat those same words to her again and in a serious tone. His words got her heart racing. 
“So,” Finnick went on, his voice lower than before. “From now on, no matter what it is, don’t go throwing yourself in danger for it. If you care about me, keep yourself safe. Because you’re all that matters to me right now.” 
Because you’re all that matters to me right now. 
Hearing those words, Vivian felt as if her heart had stopped pumping blood into her system for a moment before sending all of it rushing to her head, making her feel as though her head was about to explode. 
She was suddenly relieved that she had a blindfold on and that it was dark, so Finnick would not be able to see her panicking gaze as well as her bright red face. 
Her relieve was short-lived, however, when she felt an unexpected coldness on her cheeks. 
She was surprised at first but immediately recognized that it was Finnick’s hand.
“You’re burning up.” Vivian heard Finnick teasing her. 
Indeed, in contrast with Vivian’s burning hot cheeks, Finnick’s fingers felt like ice cubes. 
At that moment, Vivian wished with all her heart that the blindfold would meld itself to her face so that she would never have to face Finnick with the embarrassment that she felt. 
Vivian tried to calm herself down. Stop embarrassing yourself! But the blush on her face refused to subside. “Vivian.” Finnick spoke. 
Finnick’s voice was deep and hoarse and gave off a mystical vibe. 
Vivian instinctively raised her head. Before she could say anything, something soft touched her lips. 
As Vivian was blindfolded, everything was pitch black to her and she stiffened upon the unfamiliar sensation. 
What… What’s this? She was confused. 
In the next second, the answer was reveal to her. 
The chilly sensation began to explore her lips. At first, it was gentle, but then it became more forceful until finally, it invaded every inch of her lips. It was as though he was robbing away all the air she had in her. 
This was not the first kiss that Finnick and Vivian shared. But every time they kiss, Vivian would feel nervous and her whole body would tense up. This time was no exception. 
Because of her blindfold, Vivian lost her sense of sight making her even more sensitive to everything around her. It made the passionate caress of Finnick’s lips feel intensified to the degree where her body actually started to tremble.
After what felt like an eternity, Finnick noticed that the woman in his arms was panting out of breath from his loving kiss. Thus, he relaxed his arms. 
Looking at Vivian with her blindfold and the flushed face under it, a sense of regret started to well up in Finnick. I shouldn’t have given her the blindfold. 
He wanted to see Vivian’s eyes. 
She’s definitely embarrassed right now. But does she feel the joy and excitement that I feel? 
He could feel the warmth from Vivian’s body and smell the fragrance coming from her. Finnick felt like his self-control was being challenged once again. 
Through sheer determination, he was able to hold it in. 
Finnick knew full well that it was not the time for that, seeing that Vivian was hurt and the fact that she was recuperating. Not to mention, her trauma from two years ago was still a big hurdle that they hadn’t crossed. 
As Vivian lay weakly in Finnick’s arms, she was oblivious to the man’s thoughts. She had no idea that she just barely escaped the big bad wolf. 
That was, until Finnick hugged her and held her earlobes between his lips. “One day. I’m going to eat you up,” he muttered. 
Vivian was confused for a few seconds before she realized what he meant. Her already blushed face instantly felt like it was about to burst once more.
###Chapter 143
Chapter 143 
Finnick could feel Vivian’s body temperature rising again in his arms and he grinned. He decided not to tease her any further and covered her with the blanket. “Just go to sleep.” 
Vivian leaned against Finnick’s chest and she could hear his heartbeat. Oddly enough, the rhythm of his beating heart calmed her down and her drowsiness kicked in soon after. 
This is really amazing. 
Being with Finnick could make her heart run wild, but he could also calm her down to the point where she felt safe and peaceful. 
That night, she slept soundly. 
Surprisingly, Finnick was always in the ward with Vivian for the following days. Sometimes, there would be people in the ward to discuss company affairs with him. No matter what business it was, it was clear that he had no intention of leaving. 
Every night, Finnick would squeeze into her bed. 
That did not bother Vivian whatsoever. The only thing she was worried about was how it would affect Finnick’s company. For that reason, she coaxed and pestered Finnick to get her discharged on the fifth day. 
While they were going through the procedures, Vivian secretly asked the nurse about Fabian. She was able to find out that he recovered rather quickly and was discharged a few days prior to her and was now back with the Norton family, currently under the care of a personal doctor. 
Thank God he’s not hurt.
Vivian was not very worried about Fabian, but the fact that she was the reason that he got hospitalized was undeniable. Thus, she would not be able to forgive herself if anything bad were to happen to him. 
Back at home, Vivian saw that Liam and Molly were gone. A new housemaid took their place. She was about Molly’s age and was good at cooking. The only difference was that she was quieter. 
Vivian did not probe any further regarding Liam and Molly’s disappearance. 
On the day of the fire, she already had a hunch that the fire was started internally. Finnick did not seem to have a lot of servants, but Vivian knew that they had ample bodyguards outside. Moreover, the number of security guards around the neighborhood was not small and the villa itself had a state-of- the-art security system in place. 
The only conclusion she could draw was that it was done by one of the internal staff. 
When she associated it with how she was unusually woozy that night, it was clear that Liam and Molly had something to do with it. 
Their disappearance now only confirmed her suspicion. 
As for the motive, Vivian knew they were definitely under orders. 
She initially thought that Liam and Molly were following orders from the elder Mr. Norton but he should not have any reasons to harm her. Could it be… Mark? 
All that thinking gave Vivian a headache. These big families and their nuances are so complicated. It seemed that I was too relaxed in the past. Now that I am Finnick’s wife, I am considered one of the Nortons. I have to be more careful from now on. 
…
Meanwhile, at the Nortons’ old villa. 
Mark had a nasty scowl on his face as he sat in the study. He looked worn out as he just got back from the airport. 
In front of him stood Fabian. His face was pale with bandages all over his body but his expression was as nasty as his father. 
“Dad.” Fabian took the initiative and spoke in a cold tone. “You’re the one responsible for the fire at Finnick’s house, right?” 
Even though Fabian was an impulsive man, he was not stupid. He grew up in the Norton family, after all. The schemes and backstabs were all too common for him. During his stay at the hospital, he was able to figure out everything. 
“Yes. So what?” Mark answered. There was no reason for him to hide anything from his son. 
Fabian’s expression distorted. “Dad! Why are you targeting Vivian? She’s just an innocent woman! Why do you need to hurt her?” 
At the mention of Vivian’s name, Mark’s expression darkened even further. He slammed his palm on the desk and stood up in rage. 
“Fabian! Is this how you’re supposed to talk to your father?” Mark roared. “You’re going against me for a woman?” 
When Mark was in A Nation, he was notified of the plan’s failure. And the reason for the failure was none other than his precious son who risked his life to save the woman. Mark was so infuriated by the report that he smashed quite a few flower vases in the process.
###Chapter 144
Chapter 144 
That stupid unfilial son! 
“Dad, I’m not trying to go against you!” Fabian exclaimed as his face turned pale. “Vivian didn’t do anything wrong. There’s no need to involve her if you want to punish Finnick!” 
“You’re a fool if that’s what you think!” Mark roared. “Finnick hasn’t had any women in his life for the last few years, and people are saying he is infertile. He will not be a threat to us if he remains unattached. But now that he is involved with Vivian, we might have a big problem if she bears him a child!” 
Fabian was stunned. “How is that possible? Finnick is just a cripple.” 
“So what if he’s a cripple? That doesn’t mean he cannot start a family. The market value and annual profits of Finnor Group are way beyond that of the Norton family’s business. That’s basically telling the world that I am not as good even as a disabled person!” Mark yelled grouchily. 
Fabian’s face turned as white as a ghost. 
He didn’t expect Finnick to be capable to this extent. 
Mark’s face sank as he looked at Fabian, then he said coldly, “Fabian, I know why you’re trying so hard to protect Vivian. You still have feelings for her, don’t you?” 
Fabian glanced at Mark in utter disbelief. 
How does Dad know about me and Vivian? 
He was in shock, but he managed to calm down quickly and let out a snort.
Dad might act like he does not care about me because I was a rebel back then. But I’m his only son. How could he not care about me? 
Every move I made during my four years in college was closely monitored by him. 
“You knew about us?” Fabian asked in an icy tone. 
“Of course,” Mark answered nonchalantly. “It was during Finnick’s wedding that I realized his wife is your ex-girlfriend. Nevertheless, I couldn’t be bothered. She’s just an average woman after all, no different from any other woman. But I definitely will not let Finnick’s partner go.” 
Fabian’s expression changed drastically when he heard Mark’s vicious remarks. He charged towards the desk and roared at his father, “Dad, I won’t allow you to lay a finger on Vivian!” 
Mark was not angered by Fabian at all. Instead, he snickered, “Alright, I promise you that I won’t take the woman’s life.” 
Fabian was stunned as he didn’t expect Mark to agree to his demands so easily. 
He looked at Mark suspiciously and said, “Are you serious?” 
“Of course. Why would I lie to you?” Mark replied calmly. “Besides, I just thought of a better way to deal with Finnick.” 
Although Fabian remained skeptical, he nodded and said, “Okay. As long as Vivian is left unharmed, you can deal with Finnick however you want to.” 
Mark nodded. “You can leave now.” 
As soon as Fabian stepped out of the room, Harry walked up to Mark with a gloomy face.
“Mr. Norton, do you really plan on letting Vivian go?” he asked in a low voice. 
“Who said I was going to let the woman go?” Mark responded with a cold look on his face. 
“But you just said…” Harry murmured. 
“I only said I won’t take her life. That doesn’t mean I will let her go completely,” said Mark as a cunning look flashed across his face. “It’s rare for Finnick to fall in love, isn’t it a pity if I just kill the person he loves in one strike? Where’s the fun in that?” 
Mark had initially planned to kill Vivian. But when he was in M Nation, he was surprised to see how Finnick rushed to take the next flight home to attend to Vivian’s accident. 
It was then that he realized how special Vivian was to Finnick. She wasn’t the usual short-term fling that he expected her to be. 
Finnick actually cared about her deeply. 
This realization thrilled Mark as he finally found a way to hurt Finnick. 
Since he was young, he had hated Finnick’s guts. Finnick was a lot younger than Mark, but he had always outperformed Mark in every aspect. Because of this, Mark developed a strong sense of jealousy over the years.
###Chapter 145
Chapter 145 
When Finnick lost both his legs during the kidnapping incident ten years ago, Mark thought that his younger brother would no longer be a threat to him. 
However, when Finnick returned from M Nation on a wheelchair many years later, he turned out to be an even bigger threat to Mark. 
Ever since Finnick established Finnor Group years ago, his capabilities slowly made him a threat to Mark. 
Mark had tried countless ways to get rid of his brother, but Finnick seemed to be made of steel. For many years, he had not managed to find any of Finnick’s weaknesses, until Vivian came along. 
Finnick’s love and care for Vivian was his Achilles’s heel. 
What a good opportunity this is, Mark thought to himself. I definitely won’t kill her so easily. 
A sinister smile appeared on his face as he thought about his plan. 
For the following few days, Vivian remained cooped up in the house. She managed to persuade Finnick to return to work in his office, but he would get off work early to have dinner with her every day. 
Although Vivian did not explicitly express her appreciation, she was well aware of how much he cared for her. 
When they were having dinner together during the weekend, Finnick suddenly asked her, “What are you up to tomorrow?” 
Vivian blinked and said, “Do I look like I have much to do lately?”
“Okay. Can you go somewhere with me tomorrow then?” he replied. 
Vivian was tired of being cooped up at home for the last few days, so when she heard Finnick’s words, she agreed without asking any further questions. 
Finnick chuckled, “Great. Make sure you rest well tonight. We’ll leave tomorrow morning.” 
The next day, Vivian was woken up by Finnick early in the morning. When she opened her eyes, she saw that Finnick was dressed formally in a black suit and ready to leave. 
She was stunned. Who could he be meeting today? 
“Come on now, get yourself out of the bed and get dressed,” he said. Vivian felt that Finnick wasn’t his usual self that day as he seemed a bit absent-minded. He even prepared a dress and put it on the bed for her. 
The little black dress was elegant yet modest. 
Without thinking any further, Vivian freshened up and got dressed. After she had breakfast with him, the two of them left in his car. 
Along the way, Finnick was particularly quiet, and Vivian noticed there was a bouquet of lilies on the car seat. 
She was curious where they were heading towards, but she didn’t dare to question Finnick, so she sat next to him quietly. 
One hour later, they arrived in the suburbs outside the city. 
Vivian, who had fallen asleep leaning on Finnick’s shoulder, suddenly opened her eyes when she felt the car stop. She was startled to see the scenery outside the window.
“Where are we?” she looked at Finnick in surprise. 
With a hint of sadness in his voice, he replied softly, “Come with me. I’ll take you to meet her.” 
Vivian was rendered speechless. 
Just then, Noah got out of the car and helped Finnick onto his wheelchair, prompting Vivian to follow them immediately. 
Upon getting out of the car, her expression turned somber as she stared at the landscape before her eyes. 
Finnick had brought her to a cemetery. 
She finally understood why he was behaving rather strangely that day. 
Finnick held her hand and led her to a grave in the middle of the cemetery. 
On the snow-white tombstone were several finely engraved words: Here lies Evelyn Morrison. 
There was also a black and white photograph of a girl on the tombstone. The girl’s smile was beaming, and her beauty was unrivaled. 
While Vivian was still mentally processing the tombstone in front of her, Finnick suddenly said with a deep voice, “I’m sorry. Are you upset that I brought you here without your prior consent?” 
Vivian was taken aback by his words, but she quickly shook her head. 
She wasn’t upset at all. On the contrary, she felt rather pleased.
###Chapter 146
Chapter 146 
Ever since Jenny told her about the kidnapping incident that happened years ago, Vivian had always wanted to ask Finnick for more information. 
However, since it was a very personal and traumatic incident, she couldn’t bring herself to ask him about it. 
She did not expect him to open up about his past on his own accord. Does this mean that he is finally willing to open up to me? 
Finnick grabbed Vivian’s hand, intertwining his hand with hers as he looked at the tombstone. He blinked and asked, “I believe you know who she is, right?” 
Vivian hesitated for a brief moment before nodding. “Yes, I know a bit about her.” 
“Then I suppose you have also heard quite a bit about the rumors of the kidnapping incident that happened ten years ago,” said Finnick indifferently. “Especially about how I abandoned her to save myself…” 
Vivian suddenly became nervous and was at a loss for words. 
Finnick, on the other hand, remained calmed and even let out a faint smile as he said, “Don’t be nervous. You can be honest with me.” 
After a moment of hesitation, Vivian finally uttered, “Someone did tell me that before, but I don’t believe it.” 
Finnick’s dark eyes flickered as he responded, “Why not?”
“I don’t think you’re the kind of person who would abandon anyone just like that. Moreover, she was your girlfriend back then,” Vivian explained softly, then she looked at him with uncertainty and added, “Am I right?” 
Finnick did not answer her immediately but looked at the tombstone and mumbled to himself instead, “Would I really not abandon anyone? Even I am not sure about it myself…” 
Vivian was shocked. 
Not sure? 
What does he mean by he’s not sure? 
Finnick changed the topic and said, “Evelyn and I were childhood sweethearts. My family and the Morrison family have shared a good relationship for generations.” 
Vivian was astonished. 
So Evelyn is part of the Morrison family? 
The Morrisons, the Jacksons, and the Nortons are known as the three prominent families of S City, and their reputation has been around for generations. 
So, it turns out Evelyn was an heiress. 
Vivian let out a wry smile as she felt uneasy about her own status. 
She was like a lowly peasant compared to Evelyn. 
She suppressed her uneasy feeling and said, “What happened next?”
“I thought once we’re of age, we would get married like a normal couple. No one expected that we would get kidnapped ten years ago,” Finnick continued in his usual mellow voice. 
Vivian already knew about this part of the story from Jenny. What she wanted to know was what happened after the kidnapping incident. 
“We were locked up in a warehouse by our kidnappers, and they did not release us even after receiving our ransom. Instead, they drugged us and set the warehouse on fire.” Finnick sounded calm, but Vivian could hear the furious undertone in his voice. 
“Drugged?” she asked in shock as Jenny had not told her anything about this. “Did the kidnappers want to kill you because you saw their faces?” 
“No,” Finnick replied with a frown. “The kidnappers wore masks and gloves the whole time, and they left no evidence behind.” 
Vivian was dumbstruck by his answer. 
Earlier, she thought that Finnick and Evelyn had seen what their kidnappers looked like, prompting their kidnappers to kill them because they were afraid of being identified. 
But now that she heard Finnick’s side of the story, she felt that the kidnappers had no reason to attempt murder. 
Even though kidnapping and homicide are both criminal acts, they have a very different degree. If the kidnappers were in it for the ransom, why didn’t they just leave the country immediately after getting the money? Why did they try to kill Finnick and Evelyn instead? 
“Why did they try to kill the two of you then?” Vivian couldn’t help asking out of curiosity.
Finnick’s eyes flickered as though he knew the reason, but he didn’t answer her question. Instead, he continued where he left off earlier, “I passed out immediately after being drugged but was awakened by the thick smoke.”
###Chapter 147
Chapter 147 
Vivian was shell shocked by now as she felt that Finnick’s incident sounded eerily similar to the fire that happened to her last time. 
Nevertheless, she didn’t ponder on this thought very much, and she focused on what he was about to say instead. 
How did Finnick manage to escape back then? Did he actually abandon Evelyn? 
As Finnick stared at the tombstone, he continued his account, “When I regained consciousness, I noticed my hands were untied. On top of that, Evelyn was nowhere to be found.” 
This development shocked Vivian. 
I always wondered how Finnick was able to himself, but it turns out he was untied by someone else? 
Most importantly, how did Evelyn disappear? 
Vivian was not expecting such a development, so she asked, “Are you sure?” 
Finnick narrowed his eyes at Evelyn and questioned, “You don’t believe me too?” 
“It’s not that I don’t trust you,” she rushed to defend herself. Everything just sounded strange to her, and when she realized he had used the word “too,” she continued, “Wait, there are others who do not believe your account?” 
“That’s right,” Finnick said as he looked down. “I told everyone about what happened after I managed to escape, but no one believed me. Even the police said I was making up stories, so they stopped investigating my case after a while.”
Vivian was dumbfounded. 
She didn’t expect this to be the “truth” that she had been searching for all this while. 
She really wanted to believe what Finnick said, that he didn’t abandon his then-girlfriend. As she racked her brains to come up with a reasonable explanation, she said, “Could it be that Evelyn left on her own, or was taken away by someone?” 
Finnick answered, “When I regained consciousness and realized that Evelyn wasn’t around, I searched the entire warehouse but couldn’t find her. Seeing that my hands were untied, the only two possibilities I thought of was that she had left or that someone had taken her away after untying my hands. Later on, the police in charge of this case told me that wasn’t possible.” 
“How so?” Vivian questioned. 
“During her post-mortem, they found that she had indeed been tied up by a rope, and DNA analysis confirmed that it was indeed Evelyn. Moreover, the knife they found at the scene was the one used to cut the rope around my hands, and there were knife cuts on my hands,” said Finnick. 
Vivian was utterly astounded. 
All evidence at the scene proved that Finnick himself cut the rope around his hands and escaped on his own, showing no concern for Evelyn. 
However, he recalled otherwise. 
Common sense would say that Finnick was lying to cover up the immoral things he had done. 
“So, that was what happened back then,” Finnick concluded. He then turned to look at Vivian and said, “There are two versions to the incident, one based on my memory and the other based on the
investigation. Which one do you believe, Vivian?” 
Vivian was caught off guard as she did not expect Finnick to question her like this. 
She looked into his dark and mysterious eyes which seemed to be calling out for her empathy. 
Looking into his eyes, her heart ached for him, and she whispered, “I believe you.” 
Finnick’s eyes flickered in response, and his lips twitched, he then said, “Regardless of whether you really mean what you said, I’m happy to hear your answer.” 
Just then, Vivian suddenly knelt before him, bringing herself to his level on the wheelchair. 
She held his hands and said earnestly, “I really mean it. I believe you like how you chose to believe me back then. No matter what the evidence points to, I choose to believe what you say.”
###Chapter 148
Chapter 148 
Every word that Vivian said tugged at Finnick’s heartstrings. 
He was completely touched, and he held on to Vivian’s hands tightly. 
For so many years, no one had really believed him, not even his grandfather. 
Even though he generally didn’t care about how others viewed him, Vivian’s opinion mattered a lot to him. 
He would be deeply hurt if she too believed he had abandoned his then-girlfriend. 
But to his relief, she put her trust in him completely. 
Looking into Vivian’s sparkling eyes, Finnick felt a sense of warmth in his heart. At the same time, a wry smile appeared on his face as he said, “But Vivian, sometimes even I don’t believe myself.” 
“What do you mean?” she asked in surprise. 
“When this case was being investigated ten years ago, I underwent hypnosis and psychological evaluation to prove that what I said was true. The experts concluded that I wasn’t lying, but one of the psychologists mentioned that the trauma I experienced could have affected my memory. He said that my brain might have created a false memory because subconsciously, I did not dare to face the mistakes I made. Because of that, I somehow forgot how I cut the rope around my hands and abandoned Evelyn,” he explained. 
“How is that possible?” she asked.
Finnick has always been a confident and self-assured person. How could his brain possibly play tricks on him? 
Finnick smiled bitterly and touched Vivian’s cheek, he then said, “I didn’t think it was possible either, but I was rather scared back then, to be honest. I was a lot younger then, after all.” 
Vivian was thunderstruck by his remarks. 
That’s right. We’re talking about an incident that happened ten years ago, Finnick was just a child then. Such a terrifying incident would definitely have traumatized him. 
But after a split second, she held onto Finnick’s hands and said in an affirming tone, “No, even if it were ten years ago, I know you wouldn’t do such a thing.” 
Hearing how determined she sounded, Finnick looked at her and smiled. 
“Vivian, you can be so silly sometimes.” He reached out to stroke her face and said affectionately, “You shouldn’t trust others so easily, or you might be deceived.” 
“Even if that’s true, I know you wouldn’t lie to me,” she responded. Right after she finished her sentence, she looked into his eyes and added, “Right?” 
The corners of his lips curved upwards as he bent forward to kiss her forehead. 
He then moved his lips downwards along her nose and finally gave her a soft, feather-like kiss on her lips. 
“I would never lie to you, Vivian. But promise me you will always protect yourself first,” he whispered. 
Dazed by Finnick’s kiss, Vivian suddenly raised her head and asked, “Protect myself?”
“Yes, that’s right.” Finnick’s expression turned somber. “Do you know how scared I was when I heard about the fire a few days ago?” 
Vivian froze for a second. 
She had known him for quite a while now, but this was the first time she heard him say that he was scared. 
Was he scared because he was worried about me? 
Finnick gazed at her and continued, “Fire has taken the life of the woman I loved once. I do not wish for the same thing to happen a second time.” 
She looked at him in astonishment and disbelief. 
The woman he loves? 
Second time? 
What is he trying to say? 
Finnick’s words were pretty straightforward, but Vivian felt that they sounded too good to be true. She didn’t dare to ponder over it, let alone question him any further. 
All she did was stare blankly at Finnick with her mouth wide open like a goldfish that was out of water.
###Chapter 149
Chapter 149 
Amused by Vivian’s silliness, Finnick burst out in laughter. 
It was only then that Vivian came to her senses and immediately buttoned up her lips, ready to get up. 
However, the moment she got to her feet, Finnick grabbed her hand and pulled her into his embrace. 
Vivian slumped onto his lap, and before she could exclaim aloud, Finnick gripped her chin and pressed his lips against hers, muffling her gasps. 
In contrast to their previous soft kiss, this was an imperious and possessive one. 
He quickly parted her lips, raiding and marking his territory while his grip tightened as if he was binding her to him. 
It seemed as though time had stopped. When he reluctantly let go of Vivian and looked at the woman who was flushing like a red apple in his arms, his heart melted. He whispered in her ear, “Vivian, thank you for believing in me.” 
And thank you for appearing in my bleak and despairing life. 
… 
Vivian took half a month’s leave to recuperate at home, and eventually, even she felt guilty herself and pestered to return to work in Glamour Magazine. 
After all, she had taken too much leave, so she was afraid of being laid off. 
With Vivian returning to the magazine company after such a long while, everyone at work was very concerned about her health. Apparently, most of them had realized the past rumors about her were
mainly misunderstandings. Therefore, they became excessively ardent toward her. 
But of course, there was one exception—Shannon. 
As soon as Shannon saw Vivian, she started with a twinge of jealousy, “Oh dear, Vivian the princess has come back to work? I thought your backer is so powerful that you could just make money lying in bed all day.” 
There was only resentment in Shannon’s eyes when she looked at Vivian. 
When she met Ashley at the mall the other day, she thought she could sabotage Vivian with help from Ashley. But it was unknown to her why Ashley left in a hurry after she tattled about Vivian and took no action afterward. 
These princesses are truly hopeless. 
Nevertheless, she had no means to deal with Vivian herself, so she was only all bark and no bite. 
On the other hand, Vivian could not care less about Shannon, and neither did others. 
Sarah took Vivian by her arm and told her excitedly, “Vivian, you know what? Legal action has been taken against the sweatshop we exposed earlier, and the workers have all gotten their wages back.” 
“Really?” Vivian was delighted upon hearing the news. 
These days, the workers had become disadvantaged, and it happened very rarely that wages could be redeemed unless the issue boiled over. 
“Yes! In addition to that, everyone is complimenting us, saying that we should take the credit for revealing the sweatshop, and so we got awarded!” Sarah was getting thrilled and took out her phone to show Vivian her search results. “Something like a social contribution award. Even though it’s not
something grand, it’s increasing the popularity of Glamour Magazine! Even the netizens on Twitter are saying that we’re the most conscientious media platform.” 
Vivian was astounded. 
Indeed, the magazine company had very little to do with the workers getting their wages back. Despite that, increasing popularity would contribute to advertisement sponsorships as well as the sales of their magazine. 
“That’s really good,” replied Vivian with a smile. 
“Right? Our Chief Editor said he’d foot the bill for a drink tonight! You must come this time. We won’t take no for an answer.” Sarah was grinning from ear to ear. 
Surprised, Vivian asked, “He’s back to work?” 
“Oh yes, it so happened that the Chief Editor also took leave the same time you did.” Sarah seemed to have thought of something and continued, “But he came back to work a week earlier than you.” 
A perplexed look crept on Vivian’s face. 
Fabian was more severely injured than me. How come he’s come back to work so soon? 
Before she could ponder on it, Sarah tugged at her arm and said, “Vivian, you must come tonight.” 
Vivian knew very well that she seemed rather like a sore thumb in the company for always skipping their group activities. Since it would be attended by a large group of people, there was nothing to worry about, so she agreed to go.
###Chapter 150
Chapter 150 
After a day of work, Vivian finally saw Fabian coming out of the Chief Editor’s office with his face still covered with gauze. 
Fabian was also stunned when he saw Vivian in the office, but he quickly announced right after that, “It’s time to leave! Let’s go to the karaoke club nearby.” 
Cheering, everyone left the office together for the karaoke club not far away from their office. 
Unexpectedly, when they went into the club, they saw a beautifully dressed girl waving at them at the door, calling, “Fabian, over here!” 
Vivian was taken aback when she saw who it was. 
It was Ashley. 
Ashley looked very hot that day. She was dressed in a short waistcoat and a mini skirt, accentuating her hourglass figure, and all the male staff from the magazine company had their eyes fixated on her. 
As soon as they walked in, Ashley came forward and took Fabian by his shoulder. Smiling brightly with her rosy lips, she said, “Fabian, I’ve reserved a private room. Let’s go in with everyone.” 
However, Fabian furrowed his eyebrows when he saw Ashley. “Why are you here?” 
“Wasn’t it you who called and told me you would be gathering here? The more the merrier, so I thought I might as well join in the fun.” Ashley grinned alluringly while her eyes swept across everyone. “I’m not unwelcome, am I?”
Dazed, everyone quickly replied, “Of course not! You’re the fiancée of our Chief Editor. It’s our pleasure that you could join us.” 
Ashley’s smile widened as she turned to Fabian. “See? They’ve all agreed. You’re not asking me to leave, are you?” 
Given that there were so many people around and Ashley was indeed his nominal fiancée, Fabian couldn’t reject her. He stole a nervous glance at Vivian who appeared undisturbed before he bit the bullet and went in with Ashley and everyone else. 
All of them had been very busy at work. Since it was a rare chance to get together for entertainment, most of them were ecstatic, singing and drinking to their heart’s content. However, Vivian was not interested in any of that, so she just sat quietly at a corner, drinking her juice and scrolling her Twitter. 
After a while, she needed to use the washroom, so she left the room. 
However, even before she reached the washroom, she noticed the smell of cigarette smoke. To her surprise, she found Fabian smoking in the corridor with a few cigarette butts lying on the ground around his feet. 
Vivian frowned. 
She clearly remembered that Fabian wasn’t a smoker. So why is he smoking now? 
But it was also clear to her that it was none of her business, so she quickly turned the other way to get to the washroom. 
Nonetheless, Fabian had already seen her. He called out her name immediately, “Vivian?” 
Vivian froze and had no choice but to turn around. “Mr. Norton?”
Right then, Fabian had paced near her, causing the cigarette smell to become even stronger. Vivian could not help but wrinkle her nose. 
For unknown reasons, comparing to the faint cigar smell on Finnick, she found the cigarette smell on Fabian to be very displeasing. But she only frowned a little and asked, “Mr. Norton, is there anything?” 
“How have you been doing?” Fabian looked down at her and asked out of concern. 
“Much better now.” Vivian took a few steps back, and only then did the cigarette smell fade a little. 
Fabian noticed her movement and smiled wryly. “Why? Do you still despise the cigarette smell?” 
Before Vivian could answer, he added, “Finnick smokes as well, but it seems you’re not bothered.” 
Vivian did not intend to talk about Finnick with Fabian. She could tell that Fabian was already a little drunk, so it was all the more unnecessary to argue with him. Hence, she ignored his question and walked past him to enter the ladies’ room. 
This time, Fabian did not chase after her. Before Vivian went into the cubicle, she couldn’t help turning back to take a look at Fabian. However, she found that he was leaning against the wall in despair, lighting up another cigarette and smoking even more heavily. 
A stinging sensation erupted within Vivian’s heart. 
It was impossible for her not to feel anything seeing Fabian in such a downhearted state. Despite that, she knew very well that she no longer had the right to concern herself with his life. 
She went to the sink in a daze and was about to wash her face when suddenly, one of the cubicle doors opened behind her with a bang.
###Chapter 151
Chapter 151 
Vivian raised her head with a frown, and from the mirror, she saw Ashley staring at her with a darkened face. 
How hapless can I get? 
Why am I running into so many people just by coming to the washroom? 
She did not feel like talking to Ashley, so she quickly washed her hands and headed to the cubicle. 
But Ashley held her back and shouted at her, “Vivian, stop right there!” 
Vivian furrowed her brows in annoyance. 
What’s the matter with her again? 
“What are you doing?” She stared coldly at Ashley. 
“Ha! I should be the one asking that question!” Ashley seemed a little drunk as well and yelled at Vivian, “What were you saying to Fabian outside? Are you trying to seduce him again?” 
Vivian frowned. 
So she heard Fabian talking to me outside. 
Indeed, she felt it was unfair for Fabian to treat Ashley, his fiancée, with such an ambiguous attitude. 
However, it was improbable for her to have sympathy for Ashley, so she pushed her hand away detachedly and said in an indifferent tone, “Ashley, are you blaming me for your own failure in keeping your man?”
After saying that, she did not even bother to take another look at Ashley and turned around to leave even though she hadn’t used the washroom. 
Being pushed away by Vivian, Ashley stumbled in her high heels and almost fell, but she managed to grab onto the sink. Looking at Vivian’s leaving figure, her eyes were instantly filled with jealousy. 
Vivian! 
How could you be so arrogant? 
I will definitely take you down! 
Just you wait! 
At that thought, she suddenly remembered something and reached into her pocket to take out a small bottle. The glint in her eyes turned icier. 
Since there’s more than enough, why don’t I leave some for Vivian? 
Ha! 
Although she’s a filthy piece of trash, she’s a married woman after all. If someone else sleeps with her again, regardless of how tolerant Finnick and Fabian are, they won’t be able to accept it. 
That thought raised a cunning curl on Ashley’s rosy lips. She was no longer sad nor indignant. Instead, she raised her head high and strutted out of the washroom like an arrogant peacock. 
Meanwhile, Vivian went to another washroom before returning to the private room. 
Some of her colleagues had run wild as a result of being intoxicated.
Not long after Vivian sat down, the waiter came in with another round of beverages, which were all alcoholic drinks except for one glass of juice. 
Everyone grabbed their drinks while Vivian took the only glass of juice and started sipping from it. 
After some time, Vivian felt a little sleepy. She stood up and yelled amidst the loud music, “I still need to come up with a report tomorrow morning, so I better leave first.” 
Nonetheless, everyone was too occupied with having fun, so no one noticed her. 
Helplessly, she shook her head and grabbed her purse before walking to Fabian’s side. “Mr. Norton, thanks for the fun tonight. I shall leave first.” 
At that moment, Ashley was sitting right next to Fabian, watching her warily. 
Fabian was probably drunk, looking all downcast and weary. Upon hearing Vivian’s words, he only nodded while pressing his fingers against his temples. 
Vivian left the room too quickly and missed the evil smirk on Ashley’s face. 
Vivian was planning to take a cab home, but before she knew it, she missed a few steps and stumbled. Fortunately, she held on to the wall of the corridor in time. 
D*mn it! 
What’s happening to me? 
I didn’t take any alcohol, did I? Why am I feeling so dizzy? Why are my limbs totally drained of strength?
Other than that, she could feel an inexplicable heat burning in her. Although she was wearing a miniskirt and sitting in an air-conditioned room, she was still perspiring heavily. 
She raised her head in a fright, and from the door of the private room beside her, she saw her own reflection. 
Her face was oddly crimson, and her eyes bore an enticing glint. 
Something’s off. 
Vivian could tell immediately that these unusual responses of her body were exactly like the ones she experienced two years ago!
###Chapter 152
Chapter 152 
Could it be… 
Recalling that she had drunk the whole glass of juice just then, she shivered uncontrollably. 
She wanted to leave the place at once, but her feet were too feeble to move at all. 
Panic-stricken, she hastily took out her phone and made a call. 
Very soon, it was picked up. 
“Hello.” 
The moment Finnick’s hoarse and deep voice sounded, Vivian felt as if she had found her savior, and she hurriedly said, “Finnick, help!” 
Vivian was getting increasingly dependent on Finnick without even realizing it. 
Whenever she was in danger, he would be the first person to pop up in her mind, and she would plead for help from him right away without hesitation. 
At first, Finnick was overjoyed to get a call from Vivian, but to his surprise, it was a call for help. 
Instantly, the expression on his face altered. Without even questioning what had happened, he asked very quickly, “Where are you?” 
“The KTV club at Q Building!” 
When Vivian uttered those words, she felt herself slumping down even more. 
Sh*t! This drug is a bit too strong.
She felt that she would blow up any moment from the scorching heat in her body. At that moment, she could not even grip the phone properly. As a result, it slipped out of her hand and crashed to the ground. 
With that, the phone hung up on its own. She tried to squat down, but she felt even dizzier and could no longer get up. 
Vivian remained on the spot for some time before she finally felt a little better. When she was about to pick up her phone, a foot in a flamboyant leather shoe stepped on it. 
Before she could respond, an annoying voice spoke from above her, “My dear beauty, who are you trying to tempt, squatting down in that seductive way?” 
Something snapped in Vivian’s mind. She quickly lifted her head, only to find a man in a floral print shirt. He squinted his eyes and stared at her lustfully, looking like a womanizer. 
At that moment, Vivian could not care less about her phone and staggered to her feet in an attempt to leave. 
However, the man grabbed her by her wrist and pulled her into his arms. 
“Oh dear, my pretty lady, why are you running away? Your phone is still with me.” 
The man’s touch on Vivian’s body disgusted her immensely. 
But her body was shivering violently and getting more and more feverish. The man was a playboy who frequented red-light districts, so he instantly recognized the substance Vivian was drugged with. His eyes were beaming with a frenzied glow as he suggested excitedly, “Ho ho, baby girl, you’re drugged? How terrible it must feel. Why don’t you let me help you with it?” 
Just as he said that, his hand slowly moved to Vivian’s waist.
Vivian had the strong urge to scream at the top of her lungs. 
No! 
Hell no! 
There was absolutely no way she would allow that terrible incident two years ago to happen again. 
Bearing that thought in mind, she struggled to push the man’s hand off her, but she was no match for the strong man, so she could only watch helplessly as his hand slowly reached for her bosoms. 
Smash! 
When she was close to breaking down, something was thrown at them from afar. 
The next second… 
She heard the sound of something shattering right in front of her. 
That had broken into pieces over the man’s head. The next scene Vivian saw was his perverted smile zing all of a sudden while a stream of dark red liquid trickled down his forehead. 
Everything happened so fast that Vivian was totally caught off guard. She could only watch as the man in front of her slumped to the ground with broken pieces of a vase covered with blood beside him. 
Vivian looked up edgily and saw a slender figure standing at the end of the corridor with his hand reaching out, looking like he had just thrown something. 
With just one look, Vivian recognized the figure. In an instant, her sight was blurred by tears welling up in her eyes.
It’s Finnick… 
Finnick has come to my rescue. 
Before she came back to her senses, Finnick had dashed to her. 
Instead of being pushed in his wheelchair, he was actually walking toward her in this karaoke club crowded with people from all walks of life.
###Chapter 153
Chapter 153 
Soon, Finnick was standing in front of Vivian with a slightly pale face. As he took Vivian into his arms, he stared at her tear-stained face. In a soft tone, he asked, “Vivian, are you okay?” 
It was only then that Vivian realized something was amiss. Looking at Finnick who was standing in front of her, she asked anxiously in a hushed voice, “Finnick, why are you standing? Where’s your wheelchair?” 
This is a karaoke club!There 
’re so many people watching. If someone recognizes Finnick and informs Mark, his efforts in hiding this secret all these years would be in vain! 
Having said that, she looked up to find Noah running anxiously from the end of the corridor while pushing a wheelchair. Clearly, Finnick had been running too fast that he failed to keep up. 
In contrast to Vivian’s panic, Finnick could not care less about that. When he saw the crimson hue on Vivian’s cheeks and felt the unusual heat in his arms, he came to a sudden realization. “Vivian, have you been drugged?” 
Vivian had been so worried about Finnick that she forgot about her own discomfort momentarily. It was only when Finnick asked her the question that she realized her body temperature had risen even higher as he held her in his arms. It was as if a fire was spreading within her. 
Before she could say anything, a soft moan escaped her lips, and she was shocked at the allure in her voice. 
Just then, Noah was huffing and puffing as he pushed the wheelchair near Finnick and glanced around restlessly, making sure that no one had noticed Finnick. Then, he lowered his voice and said, “Mr.
Norton, please sit down quickly.” 
But it seemed like Finnick did not hear him as he bent down abruptly to scoop Vivian into his arms. 
“Mr. Norton, you…” 
Overwhelmed with shock, Noah asked hurriedly but Finnick had already carried Vivian in his arms and sprinted out, instructing, “Get me a room in the hotel next door immediately!” 
Finnick carried Vivian as quick as he could to a hotel suite, totally ignoring the passersby who pointed fingers at him on the way. 
Upon reaching the suite, he carried Vivian to the bathtub without any hesitation and turned on the cold water faucet. The water gushed out on Vivian while Finnick spoke sternly, “Vivian, stay sober!” 
The cold water extinguished the fire on Vivian’s skin, but not the one within her. 
In fact, the contrast between the external cold and the internal heat made her extremely uncomfortable. 
She curled up in the bathtub in agony and struggled to speak, “I feel… terrible… It hurts…” 
Looking at how tormented Vivian was, Finnick felt like he had been stabbed in his heart. 
Meanwhile, he realized that the few wounds on Vivian’s body hadn’t recovered, and soaking them underwater detached the gauze. 
Other than that, Finnick noticed very soon that the substance Vivian consumed was very strong. No matter how much cold water he poured over Vivian, the red hue on her face would not fade. As time passed, the effect became even stronger, causing her face to turn sickly red and her body to coil in anguish. 
D*mn it!
Who the hell did this! 
Using such a strong drug on her! 
Finnick could not bear to see her suffer any longer, so he carried her from the bathtub and took off her soaked clothes. Then, he dried her up quickly with the towels and carried her to the bed. 
But even after he adjusted the air conditioner setting to the lowest temperature, Vivian was still exceedingly feverish. 
The agony she felt became increasingly unbearable like numerous ants were biting at her bones. 
In her tormenting trance, the slender figure of Finnick looked like a ray of hope to her. 
Unable to think straight, she reached out her hand to grab his arm and pleaded softly, “Finnick, please help me… It’s so uncomfortable…” 
Vivian had the least idea how her voice sounded like to Finnick. Husky yet sugary, it was definitely testing Finnick’s limits. 
To make matters worse, the sight of her smooth bare body lying underneath the blanket and her damp hair spreading out on her rosy cheeks was driving Finnick to the edge of his wit.
###Chapter 154
Chapter 154 
Damn it! 
Seeing how Vivian’s body was writhing in misery, Finnick made a decision at that moment as he lowered his head to fix his brooding eyes on her. 
“Vivian,” he called out her name in a barely audible voice. In the meantime, he slowly removed his tie and unbuttoned his shirt. “Don’t blame me for doing this because it’s what you’re asking for.” 
There was no way Vivian could pay any attention to what he was saying because she was about to lose her mind as her entire body was on fire. In an agonized tone, she mumbled, “H-Help me…” 
Instantly, Finnick’s eyes darkened with desire in response. His throat was parched as he rested his entire weight on Vivian’s body which was burning with heat. 
In a swift motion, he pressed his lips to hers and grazed it against the softness of her lips. It forced her to swallow back all her complaints. 
Before long, Finnick could feel the flame that was burning in Vivian’s body spreading to him. 
However, he preferred to take it slow because it was their first time. 
Although doing it with her when she was drugged was not exactly the ideal scenario he had in mind, he did not feel like holding himself back this time. 
In fact, he had desired her since a long time ago. 
Even though Vivian was drugged, he knew that she still had enough awareness to remember what happened that night. Therefore, he wanted to make it the best experience for her.
With that thought in mind, he moved in on her with much gentleness. He nuzzled his lips against her earlobes and whispered endearingly to her, “Vivian, are you scared?” 
She could sense his weight on top of her and the heat from his body. Because of the sensation, her mind couldn’t help but wander back to the miserable experience she had suffered two years ago… 
Her body started cowering in fear in response. 
Finnick, who detected her terror and repulsion, decided not to back off this time. Instead, he grabbed both of her wrists and pressed them against the pillow on top of her head. At the same time, his lips edged closer to her ears so that she could feel the warm breath that came out from his mouth while he was talking to her. 
“Don’t be scared.” His deep voice sounded slightly husky. “I know you’re traumatized. This time, let me be the one to you from the shackle that’s holding you back.” 
It was as though his words carried magic that made Vivian fall under his spell. Surprisingly, the muscles in her body, which had tensed up in fear, started to relax at that moment. 
Although the drug was tormenting her and leaving her with little sanity, she knew what was about to take place next. 
She found it more acceptable because the person was Finnick… 
Sensing her relaxation, a trace of delight flickered in his eyes. Finally, he let go of the last bit of resistance in him as he started claiming and owning every part of her body… 
It was a long and sleepless night for the two of them. 
After only God knew how long, the fear and jitters in her started to wear off as she slowly arched her body to match his movement.
In fact, she had been having a hard time moving on from her traumatic experience two years ago. 
Therefore, it never occurred to her that she could finally forget that ordeal for once and enjoy life as a normal woman. 
It was only after a long while that her body heat started to subside. In the end, she fell into a deep slumber, feeling weak and worn out. 
The next morning, she woke up zing in the room. 
It was because Finnick had adjusted the air conditioner to its lowest temperature last night. 
Shuddering, she opened her eyes and was immediately greeted by Finnick’s beautiful face next to her. Under the gentle sunlight that filtered through the window, his facial features looked as exquisite as sculptures. 
She was so absorbed in admiring his looks that she was stuck in a trance-like state. 
Her gaze remained fixed on his face until Finnick, whose eyes were still shut, spoke in a deep voice, “Are you done staring at me?” 
Only then did her mind snap back to reality. Feeling embarrassed that Finnick was aware of her stare, she quickly tried to turn her back to him. 
But before she could do that, he seized her shoulder and from there, she was drawn into his embrace at once. 
Her face bumped against his well-toned chest, causing her heart to start pounding at a frenzied rate. 
Meanwhile, he landed a peck on her forehead and asked her in an undertone, “Are you satisfied with my performance last night?”
Dumbfounded by his question, her face and ears flushed with embarrassment. 
“What’re you talking about?” she snapped in an annoyed tone, “How dare you ask me that question when you clearly took advantage of me last night!” 
“Did I?” Unfazed by her exasperation, Finnick chuckled. “Why do I see myself as the hero who saved you, the damsel in distress, last night?” 
Vivian cursed through gritted teeth, “You’re so shameless.” 
“I am shameless?” Finnick chortled. “Will you give me more chances to be shameless again?”
###Chapter 155
Chapter 155 
Vivian was so overwhelmed with embarrassment that she could not utter a word in response. 
She just realized that Finnick was definitely a wolf in sheep’s clothing. While he might look like a gentleman, he was actually a jerk who couldn’t wait to devour her at the first opportunity! 
Feeling too embarrassed to answer his question, she decided to keep her mouth shut. 
However, Finnick was not about to let her go that easily. Lifting her chin to force her to look right into his eyes, he urged in a low voice, “Answer me, Vivian.” 
Two crimson patches emerged on her cheeks instantly. She averted her eyes away from him and snorted, “It depends on my mood.” 
Finnick was stunned. 
Although she did not answer him in the affirmative, that was probably the second-best answer he could get from her, considering how shy and reserved a girl she was. 
Elated, he pulled her in for a tighter hug and made a promise in a low voice, “Very well, I hereby offer you a guarantee of satisfactory service from now on!” 
Vivian’s face reddened immediately again. 
But at the same time, she felt a surge of sweetness seizing her heart. 
Finally… 
She was able to move on from the traumatic experience which happened to her two years ago.
There was a time before this that she thought she would not be able to get married and have a child like other women. Never could she imagine that she would finally meet a guy who could help her overcome her trauma. 
Although she had no idea who was the douchebag who had drugged her last night, she actually felt rather grateful for him. 
Feeling the warmth of Finnick’s body and his powerful heartbeat, she couldn’t help but wrap her arms around his slender waist. In a soft voice, she confessed, “Finnick, I think I’ve fallen in love with you.” 
In fact, she had realized her feelings for him way before this. 
However, she decided to keep her feelings to herself at that time, thinking that it was unlikely to be reciprocated. 
After they had gone through many ups and downs together, she finally started to notice his feelings for her. 
That was the reason why she decided to give both of them a chance. 
Finnick was taken aback by the sudden revelation of her feelings. He froze for a second before pulling her into an embrace so tight that it was as though he was trying to blend her body with his. 
“Me too.” His tone was so soft that it did not sound like his usual voice at all. “On top of that, I’m sure I fell in love with you long before you fell in love with me.” 
She was stunned to hear that. Before she could figure out what he meant, he suddenly lowered his head and claimed her lips to stop her from dwelling on her doubts. 
After a passionate kiss, he let go of her with a faint smile on his face. “Vivian, how about we do another round without the effect of the drug?”
Before she knew it, his lips were pressing hard on hers again. 
Just like that, the question in her mind was answered by his action. 
In the days that followed, Vivian would always blame herself for succumbing to Finnick’s trickery so easily every time she woke up feeling sore all over her body. 
In another room at the same hotel, Fabian struggled to open his eyes as his head felt extremely heavy. Slowly, the images of what took place last night started replaying in his mind. 
He remembered having a great time at the club last night, where he overindulged himself in alcohol. Unlike his usual self, his alcohol tolerance was abnormally low that night. On top of that, it was bizarre that he had been feeling so hot as though his whole body was on fire. 
Through his blurry vision, he could see Vivian staggering her way out of the club. As he was worried about her safety, he tried hard to stand up before following her out. Halfway along the journey, he felt someone holding him still to prevent him from falling. That was the last he saw of Vivian. 
Just as he was trying to recall what exactly happened the previous night as he lay in bed, a woman extended her arm and caressed his hair gently. 
Frightened by her sudden action, he whirled around and spotted Ashley. The naked woman was gazing at him endearingly and coquettishly. 
Fabian immediately understood what exactly took place last night, judging from her condition as well as their clothes that were strewn all over the floor. 
A wave of despair washed over him at that instant.
How could this happen? I’ve pledged not to have anything to do with Ashley ever again. Why did something like this happen again… 
At the same time, Ashley started twining her limbs around his body like a snake. Resting her weight on him, she locked eyes with him in a lusty and sensual manner. 
To be honest, she was second to none when it came to seducing men. As her touches slowly set his body on fire, Fabian almost succumbed to the temptation as he was still slightly intoxicated.
###Chapter 156
Chapter 156 
However, he managed to shove her away with the last bit of rationality in him. He leaped out of bed, grabbed his clothes from the floor, and dashed toward the bathroom. 
As for Ashley, she ended up crashing onto the bed after being pushed by him. 
Dumbfounded by his action, her blood was boiling with rage. 
She had been trying to seduce him countless times, but her attempts always ended in failure. He had shown nothing but disgust in response to her seduction. Would he turn Vivian down if she were the one seducing him? 
If I didn’t drug his drinks last night, would he have spent the night with me? 
Ashley could remember vividly how their bodies tangled with each other in bed last night. 
However, what she could never forget was how he had been mumbling Vivian’s name when they were having a good time in bed. 
With that thought in mind, she clenched her fists so tightly that her nails almost pierced through her palms. 
She couldn’t believe that the woman was all he had been thinking about even when he was experiencing waves of ecstasy with her. 
How despicable! 
It’s sickening!
Despite finding it revolting, she had decided to put up with it, thinking that it would be a waste if she let slip the opportunity to be with him. In order to have Fabian to herself, she was willing to do anything! 
Inside the bathroom, Fabian turned on the faucet to its maximum while splashing cold water onto his face in an attempt to calm himself down. 
Everything that had taken place last night seemed perfectly normal, but then again, he could still detect the slight possibility that it was all premeditated. 
It was suspicious how Ashley had appeared right in front of the club entrance. Also, there was something fishy about his unusually low alcohol tolerance and the way they ended up in bed. 
As he recalled the photo Ashley revealed during the party last time, he became all the more convinced that there could be more to the mischievous and adorable girl than met the eyes. 
At the same time, he was seized by a spasm of fear. 
Should I dig out more information on her? 
Hastily, he finished washing up and walked out of the bathroom. Ashley, who had already gotten changed, was staring at him with a wide grin on her face. He quickly turned his eyes away from her to avoid conversation. 
Although Ashley and her sister did look similar to each other, she could never replicate her sister’s dazzling smile. 
He kept his eyes downcast as he frantically picked up his belongings from the floor. In a nonchalant tone, he said to her, “I’ve got to go as I have a busy schedule today.” 
“Fabian!”
Looking anxious, Ashley intended to have a talk with him, but to her dismay, Fabian did not even give her one last glance before he left. The door was shut mercilessly following his departure. 
She was left standing rooted to the spot with a long face. 
Stroking her belly with her right hand, tears started welling up in her eyes. 
Fabian, am I such a nuisance to you? It’s alright if you feel that way. Hopefully, I’ll get what I want with my effort last night. 
People always said how children could work wonders on the relationship of a couple. As long as she was pregnant with his child, he would never be able to get rid of her for the rest of his life! 
After Fabian made a hurried exit from the hotel, he immediately called his assistant and asked him to begin an investigation on Ashley. He wanted to find out how Ashley had gotten her hands on that photo, especially that one which he didn’t even have in his phone. 
What was the truth behind that horrid incident that happened two years ago? Who was the mastermind behind it? Before Fabian returned to the country, he had never expected to be involved in an incident that was shrouded in so much mystery. 
Ashley went to the hotel lobby after fixing her appearance. Coincidentally, she bumped into Vivian, who was lounging on the sofa there. 
Vivian, who was waiting for Finnick to do the checkout, was surprised to see Ashley. 
A triumphant smirk appeared on Ashley’s face at the sight of her sister. 
Since Vivian is here at the hotel at this hour, does it mean my plan to sabotage her by drugging her drinks last night had succeeded?
“The great Ms. Vivian, how come you’re sitting here? What could have happened last night that made you look so tired? Could it be…” Ashley approached Vivian and drawled, “I wonder who was the lucky guy who got to spend a good time with our Ms. Vivian here last night.” 
Ashley grabbed the opportunity to rub salt in Vivian’s wound. The thought of watching her agonized expression after being raped last night was a pleasure for her. 
However, Vivian only furrowed her brows at her in confusion. 
How did she know what happened between Finnick and me last night? 
“Hey, why are you not answering me? Are you too shy to talk about it? Goodness gracious, will an easy girl like you even be shy about what you did with men? I really wonder how Mr. Norton would react once he finds out that you’ve been screwing around!”
###Chapter 157
Chapter 157 
Colors drained from Vivian’s face at once. 
She knew that she was drugged last night, and she had been wondering who was the culprit ever since. Judging from the smirk on Ashley’s face, it did not take her long to associate the incident with her. 
Despite feeling infuriated, she did not treat Ashley too harshly for the sake of their kinship. At last, she only confronted her in an icy voice, “Ashley Miller, you’d better come clean about the thing you did last night.” 
Ashley’s eyes were laden with hatred when she stared at Vivian. 
As she had always been enjoying a sense of superiority over Vivian, there was no way she could be overwhelmed by her. 
“What did I do last night? I’m speaking nothing but the truth, and you should know what you did last night. I can’t believe you still have the audacity to criticize me after having a fling with some random guy as a married woman!” Ashley raised her voice, feeling agitated. She was making full use of the chance to vent her frustration after being ignored by Fabian that morning. 
To her utter surprise, a sonorous and powerful voice came at that juncture. 
“Ashley, do you have any idea who you’re speaking with?” 
She spun around to find an extremely good-looking man making his way over to her in a wheelchair. 
His presence immediately drew the attention of everyone else present at the hotel lobby.
Ashley was stunned to see him there. 
Finnick? Why’s he here? 
Instead of being terrorized by his presence, a smile broke out on her face as she greeted the handsome man. “Mr. Norton, you’re here just at the right time. You know what? Last night, Vivian and…” 
Finnick interrupted her right away by shooting her a penetrating and icy stare while saying, “Ashley, do you really want to know what your sister and I did last night?” 
Upon hearing that, Ashley was stupefied as though she had just been struck by lightning. 
W-Was Finnick the one who was with Vivian at the hotel last night? 
Does it mean my plan actually failed? 
Ashley felt a pressing urge to let out a shriek in exasperation. However, she had no choice but to watch her behavior in Finnick’s presence. Clenching her fists tightly, she bit her lip and stormed away without giving Vivian another glance. 
“Ashley, hold on!” 
She paused in her tracks when she heard Vivian’s voice. 
With her arms crossed in front of her chest, she turned around and stared at Vivian. She kept her chin up to show that she was not intimidated by her. 
“Ashley, you’d better listen to me carefully. I’ll let you off the hook this time and forget about what you did.” Fixing her with a cold stare, she continued, “However, if you try to sabotage me with one of your dirty tricks again, I’ll surely let you have a taste of your own medicine.”
Ashley’s body trembled in fear. However, she still tried to maintain her high and mighty demeanor when she strutted her way out of the hotel. 
After that, Vivian and Finnick left the hotel by car. 
Vivian remained silent throughout the entire journey, immersed in her own thoughts. 
There was no doubt that Ashley was the one who drugged her last night. It was disheartening to know that her own sister would actually drug her and allow a stranger to rape her. 
Thinking about all the wicked stuff Ashley had done to her before this, she couldn’t help but shudder in terror. 
What happened last night actually resembled that fateful night two years ago in many ways. Could Ashley be the culprit behind that too? 
Sensing that she was bothered by something, Finnick gave her a nudge on her shoulder. “Vivian, are you feeling unwell? Is it because you’re… too tired?” 
Noah was focusing his attention on the road ahead when he heard the questionable choice of words that escaped Finnick’s mouth. His face reddened instantly as his mind couldn’t help but be filled with some obscene thoughts. 
Too tired? 
Vivian, who realized what Finnick was trying to imply, shot him a glare as her face flushed with embarrassment. 
Immediately, he cleared his throat and responded, “You really should take some food supplements if you’re feeling too tired.”
“No, I’m not tired at all!” Her face turned even redder as she desperately tried to explain her distracted look earlier. 
“Oh, I’m glad to hear that. Why don’t we…” 
She quickly stretched out her hand and placed her palm on his mouth to stop him from spouting nonsense. 
However, he made use of the chance to hold her hand. 
Looking solemn, he asked, “Please share with me what was on your mind just now.” 
I must say, he really is an astute observer. 
Leaning back in the seat, she turned to look out the window at the heavy traffic as she took her time to figure out an answer. It was only after a while that she spoke slowly, “I have a feeling that Ashley might have something to do with what happened to me two years ago.” 
“Do you need my help to get to the bottom of it?” 
Vivian hesitated before responding to his offer. 
Back then, she had not been strong enough to face the traumatic experience alone. But now, with Finnick by her side, she seemed to have the courage to find out the culprit who had brought about the loss of her most precious thing!
###Chapter 158
Chapter 158 
“Yes, I do need your help,” Vivian agreed. 
Just then, Finnick remembered something which he felt he should share with her now. He said tentatively, “Actually, I already gathered some information on that incident.” 
The fact that he had started the investigation on his own showed that he was quite bothered by it too. 
Vivian’s eyes fell pensive, but she did not condemn him for what he did. Instead, she placed emphasis on the outcome. “What information have you got?” 
He told her that the man who raped her two years ago was not an old man as per her assumption. However, the identity of the real perpetrator had yet to come to light. 
The one who did the horrendous thing to her was not an old man. 
To Vivian, that piece of information did not really matter. 
Knowing that the perpetrator was not an old man did not make things better in the least bit because the fact that she had been humiliated could never be changed. 
She sighed. “Finnick, to be honest with you, the question of who did it doesn’t matter that much to me at the moment. Right now, I just want to find out who was the one who drugged me and orchestrated the entire plot that night. That person even went to the extent of spreading that scandal at school in order to destroy me. Who could be the mastermind behind everything?” 
Without saying anything in response, he drew her toward his chest gently. 
Since what she wanted was the truth, he would go all out to get that for her.
After all, he wanted to find out the truth too. 
Yet… 
At the thought of that scarf, he grew reticent as his eyes turned icy. 
“I’ll get to the bottom of it,” he promised her in a soft voice. 
Suddenly, a thought struck Vivian. “By the way, did anyone find out about the condition of your legs last night?” she asked worriedly. 
Finnick broke into a faint smile, feeling pleased to see how much she cared about him. “Don’t worry. All the necessary arrangements are in place to make sure everything is alright.” 
The car pulled to a stop at that moment. As she looked out the window, she found herself staring at the apartment she was staying at instead of the villa. She couldn’t help but turn to look at Finnick in puzzlement. 
“I’d like to visit your mother,” he answered. 
Vivian had her reservations about his idea because it was obvious to her that Finnick was not her mother’s favorite. 
That did not bother her during the time their marriage only existed in name. 
However, things were so much different at the moment. 
Should I tell Mom the truth? 
She nodded to herself before getting out of the car together with Finnick. 
Inside the apartment unit, Rachel was sitting on her bed reading a copy of Glamour Magazine.
“Mom!” Vivian stepped into the unit and was happy to see her mother’s glowing face. 
“Pleased to meet you, Mrs. William.” Finnick entered at the same time in his wheelchair. 
Rachel’s face stiffened for a split second before greeting him back politely. 
In the meantime, Noah put down the gift bags and was sensible enough to wait for his boss outside. 
“I’m sorry as I didn’t have much time to prepare better gifts for you. Here are some food supplements which are good for your health. I hope they aren’t too shabby for you, Mrs. William,” Finnick said in a level voice. 
Rachel, who did not fancy Finnick as her son-in-law, deliberately pulled a long face. “We are just some ordinary folks who don’t deserve your expensive gifts. Please don’t bring anything for us in the future.” 
Finnick’s face was inscrutable in response to her comment. 
“Mom!” Vivian couldn’t help but chime in. Sitting down at the edge of the bed beside her mother, she held her hands and tried to put in some good words for Finnick. “He only brought those gifts for you as a kind gesture.” 
As someone who had never known how to get along with his mother-in-law, Finnick was at a loss as he stood dazedly beside Vivian. 
It was her first time witnessing such a helpless expression on his face, and she found it hilarious. “Finnick, since it’s lunchtime soon, why don’t you go out and fetch us some takeaway food? Mom loves braised pork.” 
He nodded in agreement.
After he left with Noah, Vivian started criticizing her mother, “Mom, what you said to Finnick just now was too harsh. He’s a kind-hearted person, and he’s different from all the other rich guys.” 
“Well, I don’t care because I just don’t like the idea of you and him being together. In fact, I prefer Fabian to be my son-in-law.” 
“Mom, it’s time you forget about Fabian because Finnick is my husband.” 
Seeing how fervently her daughter was trying to defend Finnick, Rachel couldn’t help but ask curiously, “Vivian, just be honest with me. Have you fallen in love with him? Otherwise, why are you trying so hard to defend him?” 
Had she fallen in love with him? Of course! 
She was so in love with him that her life literally depended on his. She loved him so deeply that she cared about his every movement, and she couldn’t wait to spend the rest of her life with him. 
Seeing the concern in her mother’s eyes, Vivian finally made up her mind to tell her the truth. “Mom, I really love him very much, so much so that I’d like to spend the rest of my life with him.”
###Chapter 159
Chapter 159 
Rachel’s eyes became dodgy when she learned that her daughter had developed feelings for Finnick. 
Knowing well that Vivian had gone through a fair share of ordeal in her past, all she wanted for her was a dependable man who knew her well, treated her nicely, and loved her with all his heart. 
However, is Finnick the right man who can bring her happiness in life? 
Trying to blend into the world of the rich is something easier said than done. 
Would Finnick turn out to be a fickle-minded man in relationships? Could his relationship with Vivian withstand all the challenges and obstacles that are looming ahead of them? 
Vivian knew the doubts her mother was having about their relationship. In a soft voice, she tried to convince her mother, “My beloved mother, Finnick risked his life on several occasions before just to protect me from danger. I really love him, and I believe he’s the right guy for me. So, please don’t worry about me.” 
The moment Rachel saw the blissful smile on her daughter’s face, she finally caved in. 
“Well, since you’re married to him, I guess the right thing to do is to make the most out of your life with him. I’m happy as long as you are.” 
Wrapping her arms around her mother, Vivian said coyly, “Mom, I know you’re the one who loves me the most, and you should know that you’re the most precious person in my life. Please don’t worry about me because I know how to take care of myself.” 
“You silly girl.” Rachel’s eyes glistened with tears when she said that.
Finnick bumped into the heartwarming scene when he made it back with food. He had the gumption to sit down by the door so as not to interrupt their moment. 
Satisfied with his sensible action, Rachel’s attitude thawed substantially. Surprisingly, she extended her hand toward him and invited him for a talk, “Finnick, come over here because I have something to tell you.” 
“Finnick.” She placed emphasis on every single word of her sentence to show how serious her speech was. “Vivian is my only daughter, and she’s gone through quite a difficult time when she was staying with me. Therefore, all I want for her is a good guy who knows how to take care of her well, regardless of whether that guy has deep pockets or otherwise. Since she’s told me that you’re the love of her life, I have no choice but to entrust her happiness to you.” 
Finnick turned to look at Vivian with astonishment in his eyes. 
He knew Vivian must have told her mother something that led to the sudden change in her attitude. 
He could still remember the time Vivian assured her mother that she had no feelings for him and their marriage only existed in name. 
So, is Rachel treating me so amiably because Vivian has confessed to her how much she would like to spend the rest of her life with me? 
At the thought of that possibility, the tensed muscles in his face relaxed a great deal. 
This is perfect. 
Is she finally willing to acknowledge me as her husband? 
With that thought in mind, he looked up at Rachel and declared in a composed tone that was tinged with a trace of solemnness, “Mrs. William, please rest assured that I will take good care of Vivian in the
future.” 
Although he was inarticulate, he meant every word he said and would honor his promise for sure. 
Rachel, who was moved by his sincerity, nodded at him approvingly. 
At long last, the tension between the three eased up a great deal. Knowing that her mother was one who sought solace in solitude, Vivian left with Finnick after the meal. 
A smile slowly took over Rachel’s face while watching Vivian’s back as she left. 
In fact, she considered herself really lucky to have a daughter as filial as Vivian. 
Yet, she couldn’t help but feel ashamed of not being a good enough mother for her. 
She knew she had let her daughter down. The feeling of guilt toward her had been growing increasingly intense with the years. 
Would Vivian still acknowledge me as her mother after learning about the truth behind everything? Would she hate me for the rest of her life? 
Putting her hands together, she started praying to God for Vivian’s happiness. At the same time, she begged for His mercy and pleaded for a chance to redeem her sins. 
Vivian, Mom’s never done enough for you, but I really hope you can have a happy and blissful life. 
… 
After leaving the apartment, Finnick sent Vivian back to the magazine company. 
Just as she was about to exit the car, he suddenly called after her, “Vivian.”
She turned around upon hearing his voice. Before she could even respond to him, he grabbed her wrist and hauled her toward his arms. 
Her pulse started racing as she was close enough to feel his warm breath on her. 
As for Noah, he had the gumption to bury his head into his shirt as much as he could. 
Mr. Norton has definitely become very unpredictable lately. Is he treating me like I am non-existent? 
Despite feeling awkward with Noah around, Vivian was not strong enough to break from his embrace. In the end, she could only plead for his mercy with her face flushed with embarrassment, “Let go of me now. We should talk when we get back home.” 
“Thank you, Vivian,” he spoke in a deep and husky tone.
###Chapter 160
Chapter 160 
“What’re you thanking me for?” Vivian sounded baffled. 
With a smirk, he answered, “Thanks for telling your mother how much you love me.” 
Vivian was taken aback by his words. All of a sudden, her heart was seized by a surge of warmth, and she couldn’t resist hugging him back. 
In fact, I’m the one who should be grateful for you. 
Thank you for appearing in my life. 
They engaged in the sweet embrace for quite a long while until Vivian realized that she was about to be late for work. Then, she wiggled herself away from him and said, “Finnick, I should get back to work.” 
Despite feeling reluctant to part ways with her, he gave her forehead a light peck before letting her go. “Go ahead.” 
After bidding farewell to him, Vivian headed to the magazine company. Before she could even settle down, Sarah made a hurried entrance to her room and started rambling on, “Vivian, oh Vivian! You’re finally back! You know what, something huge happened!” 
Frowning at Sarah’s face which had astonishment written all over it, Vivian asked, “What is it?” 
“It’s something related to the president of Finnor Group!” Shocked, Sarah stared at her with widened eyes as she asked, “Haven’t you heard about it? It’s all over Twitter at the moment!” 
Something related to Finnick?
Vivian was dumbstruck for a moment to learn that the matter was related to her own husband. Out of curiosity, she asked Sarah, “What’s the matter with Finnick?” 
“It’s a rumor about Finnick and Yasmin, which has gone viral on the internet! Everyone has been talking about how the popular celebrity, Yasmin, tried to seduce Finnick in order to dethrone his wife! Vivian, don’t you think it is very shameless of her to pull off something like that? There’s no way Mr. Norton would be tempted by a girl as mediocre as her! Hmph, she’ll never be good enough for a guy like him!” 
As Sarah was talking about the rumor agitatedly, Vivian looked stunned. 
Yasmin? 
Oh, she’s that celebrity who’s got the most potential to make it big in the movie industry. Also, she’s hailed as the dream girl by many guys. 
Yasmin had an alluring, well-toned body and full luscious lips. Her eyes always sparkled with charm, and her voice was so sweet that it could make one’s knees go weak just by listening to her. No man in the world would be able to resist the seduction of a stunner like her. 
Why would Finnick have anything to do with a famous celebrity like her? 
A babble of voices was ongoing among her colleagues at the office. Obviously, everyone was talking about the rumor. 
“Alas, I’ve always thought of Yasmin as an aloof girl who’s hard to approach. It really surprises me that she actually made the first move for Mr. Norton.” 
“It’s mainly because Mr. Norton is too much of a hottie that even Yasmin couldn’t resist his charm. But then again, I don’t think they really did anything out of bounds, did they? Mr. Norton should know better than getting involved with her since he’s already a married man.”
“Who can be sure about that? Mind you, the woman who seduced him was not just any ordinary woman but Yasmin, the girl who has such a hot body and beautiful face. As we all know, men’s minds are mostly controlled by their junks. So, I highly doubt any one of them would be able to turn down a looker like her!” 
Although Vivian trusted Finnick completely deep down, she couldn’t help but be slightly bothered by some of the remarks made by her colleagues. Immediately, she whipped out her phone and checked her Twitter. 
Just like how Sarah had described it to her, both Yasmin and Finnick were the trending topics on Twitter. She did not find out about their rumor until now as she had been having too many things on her plate lately. 
As it turned out, it all started with Yasmin expressing her admiration for Finnick on several occasions lately. She kept on showering him with compliments on his exquisite demeanor and taste as well as how talented he was in doing business. 
Then, Vivian went on to check out her profile on Twitter. Her timeline was full of posts that were directly portraying her admiration for Finnick. Her infatuation with the man was very obvious, and it seemed like she deemed him as her dream man. 
Because of the rumor, her followers spiked to an all-time high, making her one of the top five most popular artists on Twitter. 
Comments below her posts were mushrooming too. 
You and Finnick will make a perfect couple! My goddess, I’ll support you no matter what you do!
I can’t believe you’re shameless enough to express your intention of getting yourself a rich sugar daddy! You’re really despicable! 
Are mistresses nowadays all so cocky and insolent? Yasmin, you’d better beware whenever you’re walking alone on the street because you might be ambushed by assassins sent by Finnick’s wife. 
All of us should do our part to stop the mistresses out there from getting rampant! Mrs. Norton, it’s about time you did something to banish her! 
None of you have the right to humiliate my Yasmin! Everyone has the right and dom to pursue their love. Yasmin, we’ll always be your pillars of support! 
Vivian found the comments amusing. She was glad that she did not reveal her identity as Finnick’s wife to the public. Otherwise, she might no longer be able to dine out without being recognized by people. 
At the same time, she was surprised to see how a mass condemnation against mistresses was launched on the internet just because of Yasmin. Indeed, the power of media was really capable of making or breaking something. 
At that juncture, Lesley, the senior editor, visited her after walking out of Fabian’s room. She was there just in time to catch Vivian poring over Yasmin’s Twitter account. 
Her eyes brightened up with inspiration at once. “Vivian, I knew you would be paying attention to the topic as you always have such a good nose for juicy news. I just had a discussion with Mr. Norton, and we’ve decided to pursue this topic and do a coverage on it. With a famous female celebrity and a handsome president of a company as the protagonists, I’m sure the news would turn out to be a sensational one in no time! So, we’ve decided to let you be in charge of this topic.”
###Chapter 161
Chapter 161 
Open-mouthed, Vivian stared at Lesley in a daze. 
That was certainly by far the most absurd thing that had happened to her life. 
As Finnick’s wife, she was going to cover the scandal involving her husband and a female celebrity. Apart from that, it was going to be published for everyone to read and become a piece of sensational news locally or even globally. 
Is this a joke? 
May I know how do you feel about being the crush of a female celebrity? How many dates have the two of you gone out on? How did the two of you meet each other? Who’s more attractive to you? Your wife or Ms. Ziller? 
Some of the questions she might have to ask Finnick in the near future popped up in her mind. 
Was it Fabian’s idea to let me be in charge of the coverage? 
Does he think it would destroy my relationship with Finnick? 
At that moment, Vivian had a feeling that she no longer knew Fabian as well as she had thought anymore. 
At the same time, her colleagues shook their heads in sympathy when they learned that she was assigned with the demanding and arduous task. 
Not only was it nigh impossible to get an interview with Finnick who had never been cooperative with reporters, arranging one with Yasmin would be an uphill task too, considering her hectic schedule. To
make matters worse, she was a snob who was difficult to deal with. Without pulling some strings and exchanging favors with people, getting an interview with the two of them would be a task as challenging as doing a moon landing. 
This time, Vivian knew it was destined to be a failure. 
In the meantime, Shannon was smiling slyly to herself. She did not compete with Vivian for the chance because she knew she only had to wait on the sideline and watch how Vivian made a fool out of herself. 
When Sarah volunteered to be Vivian’s assistant, Vivian cast her an appreciative glance. 
Wait a minute. Won’t the idea of me doing a coverage on the scandal involving my husband and a female celebrity be too bizarre? 
However, it was too late for her to turn it down as Lesley was already patting her shoulder, saying, “Our magazine will be counting on you to get a shot at becoming the best-selling magazine in the nation again! Vivian, just tell me if you need anything. We’ll try our best to fulfill your needs.” 
It seemed like Lesley had made up her mind to entrust the mission to her. Nervously, Vivian swallowed hard. 
To make matters worse, Shannon started spouting sarcastic remarks, “Vivian, it seems like you’re the only one who has what it takes to tackle this mission. Since you did an interview with Mr. Norton from the Finnor Group before and both of you even own the same ring, you really are the best candidate for this job.” 
At first, Vivian thought of turning down the task. However, when she saw the persistence and determination in Lesley’s eyes, she realized she would not be able to defy her order.
Besides, she could not afford to quit the job as she still needed the money to pay for her mother’s living expenses and medical fees. After all, she couldn’t rely on financial support from Finnick. On top of that, it was about time she contributed something to the company, considering the company had been gracious enough to grant her requests for advance salary payment. 
Guess I won’t be able to elude the trouble this time. 
She could not be bothered with Shannon’s mockery because her priority at the moment was to glean some first-hand information on the rumor. 
Since she had already accepted the mission, she was obligated to accomplish it regardless of the means. After years of being involved in journalism, professionalism was ingrained in her blood. 
Let’s look at the bright side. At least I’ve got a head start over the others since I know Finnick personally. 
With that thought in mind, she gritted her teeth and braced herself to send Finnick a WhatsApp message. 
Finnick was reading a portfolio of an investment project when his phone buzzed with a notification. When he checked the screen and saw that it was a new message from Vivian, his curiosity was piqued instantly. 
It was rare for her to send him a message first. 
He picked up his phone and swiped the screen to unlock it. 
According to some rumor, you’re involved in a scandal with the celebrity, Yasmin? 
Eh?
Finnick frowned at the screen in confusion. However, it didn’t take long for him to break into a smile while typing a reply. 
Are you jealous? 
Am I jealous? 
Vivian chuckled at the sight of his reply. 
She had never been a petty woman. All the while, she had never been too attached to worldly possessions. In her opinion, those fated to be hers would stay by her side no matter what. As for those that were not, they could be taken away from her effortlessly, just like how easily her relationship with Fabian was destroyed because of a mere photo. 
She sent him a reply: I’m going to do a sensational coverage on this topic. You know what, you’re the current prime target of our magazine company! Mr. Norton, please tell me everything about it, and you aren’t allowed to keep any secret from me. 
The grin on Finnick’s face grew even wider when he saw her message. 
Is she trying to get some leads from me for her coverage? Or is she trying to take revenge on me by using her work as an excuse? 
Finnick thought the idea was interesting. That would be a perfect chance for them to spend more time together as she would have to follow him everywhere in order to get information for her coverage. 
Sounds good to me! 
In fact, he had always felt that Yasmin was a great nuisance. 
Yet, he did not take it seriously before this because it was not the first time he got into trouble like this.
But now… 
Suddenly, he was consumed by curiosity as he wondered what Vivian would be like when she was jealous.
###Chapter 162
Chapter 162 
Finnick edited his text: I can do you a favor, but I want you to behave yourself in return. Do we have a deal? 
Vivian was rendered speechless the moment she read his reply. 
Can you please put that aside for the time being? Let’s talk about it in the evening, okay? 
In the end, she replied as she pursed her lips: Shall we cut the crap and get to the point? Are you doing something behind my back? Is that the reason you want me to stay away from you? 
She noticed she had gotten increasingly courageous. Perhaps she was the only one who dared to talk with Finnick in such a manner. 
Although Vivian’s reply sounded provocative, Finnick didn’t seem to be bothered at all. 
Nevertheless, he couldn’t wait to figure out Vivian’s response. Therefore, he checked his upcoming schedule before texting Vivian an address through WhatsApp. 
Vivian, who had received the address, brought herself up and showed her colleagues her phone in an arrogant manner. “Everyone, I managed to figure out the whereabouts of Yasmin and Finnick!” 
Everyone was dumbfounded because they couldn’t believe Vivian managed to get her hands on the duo’s whereabouts. 
Sarah was the first one to return to her senses. She rushed over and held Vivian in between her arms firmly. “Vivian, you’re awesome! I believe you’re the most capable one in the industry!”
On the other hand, Shannon scoffed as she tended to her task, “I’m sure she has gotten her hands on the intel through some means that’s exclusive to the capable ones like her. Perhaps she has seduced a few of her informants again. Am I right, Vivian?” 
Actually, Shannon is right! Even the Senior Editor can’t get their hands on Finnick and Yasmin’s whereabouts! How did Vivian get her hands on it? 
Naturally, Vivian couldn’t tell her colleagues the almighty Finnick, whom they looked up to, was her beloved husband. Otherwise, the news would make it to the headline and put the news of Finnick and Yasmin to shame. 
Sarah refused to give up just yet. She tilted her head and asked, “Vivian, where are they? Are you sure it’s from a reliable source?” 
Everyone in the office cast a skeptical gaze at Vivian, focusing intently as they couldn’t wait to figure out the truth. 
The helpless Vivian tried to brush them off and told them, “A-Actually, my husband is a staff of Finnor Group. Hence…” 
Oh! Her husband must be her informant! Her colleagues decided to let her off the hook upon hearing her seemingly logical reply. 
Vivian departed with Sarah after she found Ken, the photographer. They headed over to the location Finnick had texted her immediately because it was a race against time. 
The address Finnick had texted Vivian was an exhibition hall in Sunshine City. Usually, artists from various walks of life would gather around at the said exhibition hall. Yasmin was there for the production of Finnor Group’s advertisement.
Those from the Finnor Group placed great emphasis on the advertisement because it would play a major role in securing the deal with their fellow investors from F Nation. Therefore, Finnick was present to oversee the production. 
It was a lively scene inside a particular studio in the exhibition hall. Everyone was engaged with their respective tasks as deafening and rhymical music could be heard. 
Yasmin put on a sexy dress with curly hair drooping from her shoulders. Turning her busty figure and pouting her crimson lips from time to time, she would pose as the photographer’s assistant instructed. Occasionally, she would shot seductive glances at Finnick. 
Ken had long lost himself as he stared at the sexy woman. Sarah narrowed her eyes and nudged Ken to stay focus. 
In return, Ken glared at Sarah to express his frustration. “I’m working, okay?” 
Meanwhile, Vivian had her eyes glued to Finnick. He stared at Yasmin indifferently, neglecting the countless signal from her. 
That’s more like it! You should stay away from her! 
Vivian gave it a thought and felt lightheaded all of a sudden because she wouldn’t have anything for the headline if there wasn’t anything going on between Finnick and Yasmin. 
If I’m able to get my hands on photos of them interacting with each other intimately, the news will definitely go viral, right? That’s going to boost our sales as well, isn’t it? 
The idea she had in mind sounded as though something had gotten into her, but she had faith in her husband. Therefore, she couldn’t wait to snap the photos of her husband with another woman.
Once she made up her mind, she tapped on Ken’s shoulder and instructed, “We can’t allow such a great opportunity to pass by our side! I want you to keep an eye on Yasmin and Finnick. Snap their photos as soon as they get close to one another.” 
Vivian got anxious because Yasmin didn’t even have any chance to approach Finnick, let alone interact with him because she had been working until the intermission. 
What the heck! Where’s the news for tomorrow’s headline? If I can’t get anything, doesn’t that mean I have made the trip for nothing? 
Actually, Finnick had been anticipating Vivian’s arrival all this while. Soon, he spotted Vivian’s frustrated look as she had flushed impatiently.
###Chapter 163
Chapter 163 
As soon as they exchanged glances, Vivian pursed her lips, signaling Finnick to do something with Yasmin. 
Finnick’s expression turned gloomy all of a sudden. 
He couldn’t believe his wife actually wanted him to mess around with another woman in front of her. 
Unaware of the changes in Finnick’s expression, Vivian beckoned her husband over. 
It was evident she was up to no good, but Finnick refused to play along with his wife. 
Sarah and Ken felt equally dejected. One of them asked, “Vivian, none of these photos are suitable since Mr. Norton is merely here to supervise Yasmin’s work. What should we do when there’s nothing going on between them?” 
“Hold on! Let’s wait until Yasmin gets off work!” Vivian replied after she gave it a thought. 
The production went on for another two hours. Finally, Yasmin got exhausted and decided to call it a day. 
Immediately after they wrapped up the session, Yasmin’s assistant handed over a glass of fruit juice to her. 
Vivian’s eyes gleamed as Yasmin headed over to Finnick’s side once she had a mouthful of juice. 
Ken got himself ready and held on to his camera. 
“Mr. Norton,” Yasmin greeted Finnick enthusiastically.
Finnick could barely stand the acerbic odor of Yasmin’s perfume as she approached him. 
Moreover, he got infuriated the moment he took note of Vivian’s hint. He lost his cool due to the so- called attractive woman in front of him and immediately brought himself out of the hall. 
Yasmin was dumbfounded by Finnick’s response. She was about to go after him, but her make-up artist got in her way and told her, “Yasmin! It’s a call from the representative of the production company!” 
“Alright!” Staring at Finnick’s departing figure, Yasmin stomped her feet to vent her frustration. 
In the meantime, Vivian, who was aside, was equally frustrated because she was about to get her hands on their photos. 
However, since Finnick was no longer around, the upset trio had no choice but to leave the exhibition hall. By the time they returned to the office, Shannon ridiculed them repetitively. Lesley expressed her disappointment before dismissing Vivian. 
Finnick was already home before Vivian. 
He took a peek at her the moment she walked in. “Why are you home so early today?” 
She replied as she changed into a pair of home slippers, “Look who’s talking.” In the end, she couldn’t keep her frustration to herself anymore. Frowning her brows, she asked, “Why didn’t you talk to Yasmin?” 
Vivian shouldn’t have brought it up in front of Finnick because he lost his cool once again the moment he heard her words. 
Has she freaking lost her mind? Why the heck does she want me to mess around with another woman? Has she ever thought of my feelings?
Does that mean she’s willing to forsake our marriage for her sake? Is it because the foundation of our marriage isn’t our affection for one another? 
“Do you really want your husband to mess around with another woman?” Finnick asked with a grim expression. 
Vivian was dumbfounded for a few seconds. Immediately, she waved at Finnick because she caught the sight of his expression. She toned down her volume and explained herself, “I didn’t mean that, but you could have approached Yasmin and behaved as though she was a close acquaintance of yours, so I could acquire the photos I needed.” 
After all, I only need a photo to create a buzz amongst the netizens. This will let their imagination run based on the misleading photo. It isn’t much to ask of, right? 
She delivered her statement in a righteous manner, unaware she had offended her husbands with her words. 
Finnick replied in a callous tone, “Vivian, does that mean you don’t really care about your husband? You’re not even enraged when he’s at another woman’s side?” 
“It’s just a photo, right? It’s not like there’s anything going on between both of you anyway,” Vivian stated casually. She couldn’t figure out the reason Finnick was enraged. 
He stared at her in the eyes once he brought his wheelchair to a halt in front of her, probing with a grim expression, “What do you want from me? Do you want me to hold Yasmin in between my arms and kiss her passionately?” 
Avoiding Finnick’s gaze, Vivian looked elsewhere as she tried to please her husband. “It’s because I have faith in you! Apart from that, I’m in desperate need of something to make the headline. Since it’s
merely a rumor, you can always clear things up in the future, right? I’m sure you don’t want me to lose my job either, don’t you?” 
No! That’s not fine at all! 
Never would Finnick have thought there would be a day he would lose his cool due to the words of the woman in front of him. 
He had a hard time suppressing the urge to give in to Vivian’s request as she had gotten down on her knees, pouting her lips and begging him to be merciful. 
Therefore, he held Vivian’s hand firmly and asked indifferently, “How would you like me to hold Yasmin’s hand firmly in such a manner?”
###Chapter 164
Chapter 164 
“Is there anything wrong with it?” Vivian replied without a second thought since she deemed it to be fine. 
“What about this?” Finnick grabbed Vivian’s shoulder with all his might and brought her closer as he asked. 
Vivian nodded vigorously and told him, “That’s even better!” 
Finnick was at a loss of words with a grim expression on his face. 
This is better? Is she aware of the potential consequences of her wish? It seems like she has no idea what’s in store for her at all! 
Finnick darted a stern gaze at Vivian. By the time she noticed something was wrong, it was already too late because she had been pinned by Finnick on the couch. 
Vivian realized what Finnick was up to and flushed embarrassedly. Yelling hysterically with all her might, she retaliated against him, “Move away from me, Finnick! Don’t you dare do this with Yasmin! Otherwise, I won’t forgive you!” 
Finally, Finnick felt a sense of relief when he heard Vivian’s warning. 
Oh? It turns out she has a bottom line as well, huh? Am I not supposed to do this with Yasmin? Does that mean it’s fine to do this with her? 
He held her firmly in between his arms. 
“S-Stop it, Finnick…” Vivian’s knees turned to jelly as she was about to yield herself up to temptation.
As soon as Finnick sensed Vivian’s reaction, he stopped holding back and started unzipping Finnick’s dress. 
“I’m so sorry, but there isn’t anyone available to snap our photos.” 
Finnick ran his lips across Vivian’s body in a seductive manner. She was about to let loose of herself because of how great it felt. He knew his way around her. Thus, he could easily arouse her and lure her into the session he had been longing for. 
Finally, Vivian stopped resisting and wrapped her arms around Finnick’s back in return. 
She had never once shown others this side of hers. Finnick detected the arousing scent from Vivian’s body. He had a great time, caressing her gently as they proceeded. 
Before long, the passionate duo merged as one on the spacious couch. 
Finnick was pleased. He had a great session with the timid Vivian who was in between his arms. 
He had been searching for intimacy with her all this while. In fact, Finnick wanted to keep Vivian by his side for the rest of his life. 
The next morning, Finnick was the first one to rouse from his sleep. 
As soon as he woke up, he placed a blanket over Vivian since she was still sleeping soundly on the couch. 
After the exhaustive session they had over the night, she must have been worn out. 
Vivian seemed to be a delicate doll due to her ethereal facial features, including her flawless side profile, her curvy eyelashes, and her pointy nose. 
Finnick’s eyes flickered as he thought about Vivian’s seemingly absurd request.
As absurd as it might sound, she brought it up in front of him because she had grown increasingly reliant on him. Hence, she had the audacity to ask him to get himself involved in a scandal with Yasmin for her sake. 
He tried his best to put himself in her shoes, but they couldn’t see eye to eye. Finnick had a hard time fathoming the fact Vivian could tolerate Yasmin’s presence by his side. 
Shouldn’t she behave selfishly? Is she incapable of being jealous? It’s our relationship that’s in the picture! If I were in her position, I will never allow others to get their hands on her! They’re not even allowed to stare at her in the eyes! 
Previously, Finnick almost taught Mr. Hark from Q City a lesson when he tried to take advantage of Vivian. Up till now, he still held a grudge against Mr. Hark due to the incident back then. 
Meanwhile, Vivian was the exact opposite of him. She had gone overboard, making use of him over and over again in order to accomplish the task that had been assigned by her supervisor. Nevertheless, he understood how tough it must have been on Vivian’s side as well. He witnessed his hardworking wife’s determination as she had been waiting for the right moment at the exhibition hall yesterday. 
She wanted to prove to others that she was worthy of respect and recognition. All she wanted was to prove them wrong and showed them she was a changed person. 
As soon as he sorted things out in his mind, he excused himself and made a call. 
Suddenly, Vivian woke up and detected a racking sensation coming from her back. 
Finnick returned to her side as soon as he wrapped up the conversation. He sat by her side and wrapped his arm around her waist, instructing her to place her head on his shoulder.
“I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to get into another fight with you, but I have no intention to get in touch with Yasmin unless it’s necessary.” 
“I’m aware of the things you have in mind as well. I guess I got overly pumped up because I couldn’t wait to finish the assigned task.” 
Finnick felt a sense of relief because Vivian behaved timidly, nodding as she had reflected upon her actions and found herself reckless. 
At the same time, he couldn’t wait to figure out the way Vivian behave if she got jealous since she had always behaved herself whenever she was around him. 
“You want to finish your task, right? I will definitely help you to accomplish the task that has been assigned to you. I have just gotten in touch with Yasmin and asked her to join me for dinner tonight. I’ll allow you to take all sorts of photos tonight,” Finnick told Vivian.
###Chapter 165
Chapter 165 
“Really? Where are you guys heading over tonight?” Vivian’s eyes widened in disbelief. The initially dejected woman got all excited when she heard that. 
Finnick’s expression darkened as Vivian got overjoyed. She didn’t even bother to conceal her joy as it was written all over her face. 
Oh, God! How can she get so excited when I’m about to dine with another woman? She’s going to drive me nuts one day! 
“We’ll head over to Granary at seven o’clock in the evening. Can you remember the location of this restaurant?” 
“Of course! I went there for a blind date with a jerk before!” Vivian got up from the couch and announced joyfully, “Great! I’m merely a step away from the headline I have been waiting for all this while! Thank you, Finnick!” 
Vivian expressed her gratitude before heading upstairs to carry out her morning routine. 
In return, Finnick stared at Vivian’s departing figure with his abysmal pair of eyes. 
She is the only person in the world who can’t wait for her husband to dine with another woman. I can’t think of anyone else who will think like her. 
Usually, other women will definitely teach their husbands a lesson if they find out they are going to dine with other women. Perhaps they’re going to make a scene out of it in an attempt to stop that. 
The extreme ones may even threaten their husbands and confront the women, but Vivian is the entire opposite of those ordinary women. If that’s the case, I can’t wait to see where does her limit lies.
Finnick thought to himself before heading out for work. 
Similarly, the light-hearted Vivian returned to the magazine company. 
As soon as she reached the office, Shannon started ridiculing her once more, “Ms. William, why you’re on cloud nine early in the morning? Did you have a fruitful day yesterday?” 
Vivian darted a glance at Shannon but decided to pay no heed to her words because she couldn’t think of a better way to reply to her. She didn’t want to ruin her day either. 
She cleared her throat and announced, “Everyone! I have gotten news that Mr. Norton is going to dine with Yasmin tonight!” 
Sarah and Ken got pumped up and clapped their hands the moment they heard Vivian’s announcement. 
Meanwhile, Shannon was on the verge of losing her cool once more. 
Fabian, who was in his office, heard the commotion and summoned Vivian to meet him in his office. 
He sized her up and had his eyes glued to her arm. Fabian asked concernedly, “Are you alright? Have your injuries recovered?” 
Vivian shook her head in return and told him, “Everything is fine. My injuries have recovered as well.” 
Once they greeted one another, silence fell in Fabian’s office. 
She recalled the sort of conflicts they had in the office back in the days. Fabian was certain Vivian must have had been heartbroken since he used to torture her in his office due to the grudge he held against her back then. 
Eventually, he reflected upon his actions but found himself unpardonable for all the things he had done.
Seeing that Vivian was on her guard as it was written all over her face. Fabian explained himself, “Vivian, I wasn’t the one who put you in charge of Finnick’s article. Lesley was the one behind it. I swear on my name that I’m not up to anything silly! I won’t treat you in such a manner anymore! Can you please forgive me?” 
Initially, Vivian found Fabian’s deeds unpardonable as well, but he rushed into the fire to rescue her, putting his life at stake when he could easily forsake her. 
Hence, the things he had done back then seemed to be relatively trivial as compared to his heroic deed. She had since stopped holding a grudge against him because the reason behind his actions was the affection he had for her. 
Fabian held a grudge against Vivian back then because he wasn’t aware of the truth behind the incident. As a matter of fact, he had never once had faith in her. 
Vivian stated, “Fabian, I think we should mind our own business. I don’t hold any grudge against you anymore. I’m willing to forgive you as well.” 
Although she was physically present in his office, he could feel the huge gap between them as though he could never reach her again. 
Fabian’s eyes flickered. He couldn’t bring himself to reply to Vivian. In the end, he switched the topic and diverted her attention. “What were you guys talking about? Aren’t you worried about Finnick and Yasmin’s relationship? I don’t think it’s a baseless accusation because it sounds impossible for a male and a woman to be mere friends.” 
Vivian was aware of the theory Fabian had brought up. It was only a matter of time before a single male and female fell in love with one another and got into a relationship.
Nevertheless, Vivian was certain Finnick wasn’t one of them since he couldn’t tolerate others apart from the two beloved women in his mind. 
He had been keeping Evelyn close in his mind and taken great care of her all this while. Hence, Vivian was certain no other men could replicate Finnick’s loyalty.
###Chapter 166
Chapter 166 
Vivian stared at Fabian and asserted, “I have faith in Finnick because he’s my husband. I believe no one knows him better than I do. Yasmin is merely a celebrity. She’s not even a match for the late Evelyn.” 
Fabian was shocked when he heard Evelyn’s name because he thought Vivian wasn’t aware of her existence. 
They’re indeed inseparable, huh? Finnick seemed to have opened up to Vivian and told her everything he had been keeping to himself. 
“Evelyn is no longer around. I am talking about you, Vivian. How could you be so sure when you have merely known him in such a short time?” Fabian asked in return. 
Vivian avoided his gaze and looked out the window as she stated, “It’s love at first sight. Ever since the day I ran into him, I was certain he was the right one. Honesty is the best policy. I have faith in Finnick just as he has faith in me. 
After Vivian walked out of Fabian’s office, he thought of her words repetitively because he recalled trust was never the foundation of their previous relationship. 
Perhaps that was the gravest mistake he had made throughout his entire life. 
Due to his wealthy background, he decided to keep the innocent and kind-hearted Vivian in the dark as he was afraid she had gotten into a relationship with him to achieve her ulterior goal. 
When he received the photos, he didn’t even bother to figure out the truth behind them. He was determined that Vivian had turned her back against him. Things would have been different if only he would listen to her or allow her to explain herself. Their relationship wouldn’t have gone down the drain.
Fabian regretted his action because he should have allowed Vivian to explain herself back then. Nevertheless, things had gotten to the point of no return; he had lost Vivian for good. 
Vivian and her team spent the entire day sorting out all sorts of things on their plates. In the evening, they got their equipment ready before heading over to Granary. 
By six-thirty in the evening, they had shown up at the restaurant. The waiter showed them the way to their reserved table. 
Sarah and Ken disguised themselves, pretending to be an affectionate pair. 
As soon as they took their seats, they hid the cameras they brought along in anticipation of Finnick and Yasmin’s arrival. 
Finally, Yasmin and Finnick showed up once the clock struck seven. Yasmin followed behind Finnick as he brought himself into the restaurant. 
The trio got pumped up as they were merely a step away from the things they had been anticipating. 
Yasmin seemed exceptionally alluring. It was evident she had spent a lot of time dolling herself up. 
Vivian felt ashamed of herself because she was no match for Yasmin’s perfect figure. 
Yasmin managed to highlight her busty figure through the evening gown with a huge opening on the front. Her smoky eyes and her overall makeup matched the ambiance of the restaurant perfectly. 
Sarah exclaimed, “She’s undeniably the most iconic female figure of the nation!” 
On the other hand, Ken had long lost himself while staring at Yasmin. 
“Hey! I want both of you to keep the goals of our visit straight! We have to snap the photos today!” Vivian found her colleagues hilarious and reminded them of the goal of their visit.
After Yasmin placed her order, she had her eyes glued to Finnick all the time. 
She greeted Finnick with a smile, “I believe it has been quite some time since we last met, Mr. Norton. You’re not exactly the easiest one could meet.” 
Finnick replied courteously, “I believe we’re going to run into one another in the near future since we’re still collaborating for the time being.” 
“I have heard rumors of you are engaged, Mr. Norton. Is that true?” The observant Yasmin noticed the ring Finnick had on his finger. 
Finnick nodded with a bright grin in return. 
They started engaging themselves in pointless conversation before they had their meal served. 
Ken had his camera ready as the waiter finally served them their meal and a bottle of wine. 
Actually, Finnick spotted Vivian and her colleagues once he entered the restaurant. 
He decided to neglect them for the time being and invited Yasmin to drink a toast once the waiter served her a glass of wine. 
Ken finally started working as they finished their drinks. 
Two servings of piping hot steaks had been served. 
The waiter was about to slice the steak on Yasmin’s behalf, but she stopped her and turned around, looking at Finnick in the eyes as she requested, “Mr. Norton, can you please slice the steak on my behalf?” 
Finnick gave it a thought before giving in to Yasmin’s request.
He nodded and took over her serving of steak. After he sliced it into consumable portions, he handed the serving of steak over to Yasmin once again. 
In the meantime, Sarah and Ken had long lost themselves, indulging in the blissful scene. 
Vivian finally got her hands on the sort of news she had been longing for all along, but she had a relatively odd expression. 
Truth be told, Finnick had never helped to slice Vivian’s steak for her, but he had the audacity to do it for someone else in front of her. 
Sarah had no idea Vivian was gradually losing her cool. She stated, “It seems like there’s something going on between them! I’m afraid Mrs. Norton will be replaced by Yasmin soon! After all, every man is a playboy.” 
Actually, the so-called Mrs. Norton was right in front of her. As a matter of fact, she was the mastermind behind the photoshoot. 
Meanwhile, Yasmin brought her glass of wine with her and approached Finnick. 
“Mr. Norton, since everything is going well on our end. Don’t you think this calls for a celebration?” 
Before Finnick could respond to Yasmin’s words, she had staggered to his side, spilling her glass of wine over both of them.
###Chapter 167
Chapter 167 
Vivian’s eyes almost popped out of the sockets. 
She didn’t expect Yasmin to be such a shameless woman. 
Initially, Finnick was about to lose his cool, but he changed his mind because he spotted Vivian’s grim expression. 
He supported Yasmin and helped her up immediately. Using his napkin, he wiped her dress dry and attempted to remove the stain on her chest. 
Sarah and Ken exchanged glances as they found it unbelievable. 
Their jaws dropped open; they had encountered an incident that would definitely make it to the headline. 
Mr. Norton’s Shocking Encounter With A Female Celebrity! 
They started imagining all sorts of titles for the headline that would soon be published. 
Although Vivian was the one who had requested Finnick to ask Yasmin out for dinner, she felt irritated as Yasmin had gone overboard. She had crossed her bottom lines while trying hard to win Finnick over. 
All of a sudden, she found herself to be the absurd one due to the conflicting thoughts in her mind. Since Yasmin has offered herself, as a man, Finnick definitely won’t turn her down. He was a man, after all. 
Vivian stopped denying her feelings because she felt jealous about it deep down.
She couldn’t take it anymore and reached for her phone, texting Finnick immediately: Please don’t forget you are married to another woman! 
Finnick chuckled in front of Yasmin as soon as he picked up his phone and read the text from Vivian. 
“Who is it? Is it a joke?” Curious, Yasmin leaned over in an attempt to read the text, but Finnick locked his phone immediately. 
Yasmin had been through all sorts of situations before. Therefore, she returned to her seat because Finnick had made himself clear; she should stay out of it. 
Fiddling her curly hair, she attempted to charm Finnick once more with her alluring look. 
“Mr. Norton, I’m afraid I can’t get married to anyone else since new on the affection I have for you are all over the internet. Are you going to bear the responsibility and take care of me?” 
Finnick stared at Yasmin with his penetrating gaze, causing her to flush timidly. 
“Mr. Norton, can you please stop staring at me in such a manner? Why don’t you tell me what you’re up to? I’ll definitely do my best to fulfill your needs.” 
Vivian, who was on the opposite table, couldn’t bear Yasmin’s seductive look anymore. 
Suddenly, Finnick warned Yasmin callously, “Ms. Ziller, please keep in mind that I am a married man.” 
Yasmin was rendered speechless by Finnick’s reply. Obviously, she didn’t expect him to turn her down in such a blunt manner. 
Men from all walks of life had always longed for her presence by their side. Nonetheless, she had never once taken a liking to them because Finnick was the only one she had in her mind. 
Yet, he turned her down without a second thought, sending her to the vicious cycle of despair.
Even though he made himself clear things would never work out between them, she wasn’t going to give up just yet. What about it? I don’t care if you’re married because I will definitely win you over! You can always file for divorce with your wife! There are a lot of people out there who have filed for divorce with their loved ones! 
Sarah and Ken couldn’t hold back their excitement anymore; they had obtained more than they sought. 
This news is going to be an explosion! This will definitely create a buzz amongst the netizens! It’s finally time for our magazine company to shine! 
Sarah turned around and caught a glimpse of Vivian’s odd expression. She asked, “Vivian, are you okay? Are you not feeling well? Don’t worry! We have gotten a lot of photos! I’m sure everyone will be blown away by the news! Have you thought of any suitable title for the headline? What about the pair made in heaven?” 
In an attempt to brush her colleague off, Vivian nodded. She was in desperate need of some time alone to calm herself down. 
Therefore, she told Ken and Sarah before leaving, “I’m feeling a little bit lightheaded. I need to head out to get some fresh air. Remember to keep an eye on them and get something to eat.” 
Finnick noticed Vivian left her table with an odd look. Hence, he could be sure she was infuriated. In fact, he was afraid she might have fallen ill. 
Therefore, Finnick wiped his mouth clean and put his napkin aside before bringing himself out of the restaurant. “I need to use the washroom, but I’ll be back. Please enjoy your meal.” 
In the meantime, Vivian took a seat on the toilet bowl, fanning herself using her hand. She had a hard time calming herself whenever she thought about Yasmin’s seductive appearance.
Are men such incapable beings? Can’t they resist another woman’s offer? It seems like they’re not capable of upholding their promises, huh? 
Vivian suddenly recalled the intimate session they had on the couch last night. She felt a strong urge to reprimand Finnick, but she blamed herself the most because she was the one who had brought up the idea. 
In the end, she decided to call it a day since she had gotten the things they came for. She wouldn’t have to stay around any longer because she had completed the assigned task. 
What’s wrong with me? Am I jealous? Oh, God! It’s unbelievable! Something must have had gotten into me! 
If it weren’t because of Ken and Sarah’s presence, Vivian might very well rush over to Yasmin’s side and claim her identity as Mrs. Norton. 
She wanted to tell everyone she was Finnick’s legal spouse and the woman he loved the most. 
Once Vivian regained composure, she made up her mind to leave the restaurant immediately because she had had enough of the duo being lovey-dovey in front of her. 
Vivian walked out of the washroom, she planned to leave after retrieving her bag in the dining hall. However, the moment she passed by another powder room, a gigantic palm held on to her wrist, dragging her inside.
###Chapter 168
Chapter 168 
Before she could grasp the situation, she had been dragged into the powder room. 
In a flash, the man closed and locked the door of the powder room. 
Vivian couldn’t believe her eyes the moment she turned around and noticed Finnick was the one inside the powder room. 
“F-Finnick? W-What are you doing here? Aren’t you supposed to be having your meal with Yasmin? Y —” 
Finnick got up from the wheelchair and cornered Vivian before she could finish her sentence. She couldn’t even retaliate against him because he was so swift. 
In the end, he pinned Vivian to the wall, rendering her incapable of any movement. 
W-What is he trying to do? 
Vivian thought to herself with her eyes widened in surprise. 
“Are you angry, Vivian? Isn’t this the outcome you have been searching for all this while?” The arrogant man asked rhetorically in a husky voice because he had achieved his goal of provoking his wife. 
Vivian clenched her teeth with all her might because she was at a loss for words. 
Actually, he’s right. Why am I angry when this is the outcome I have been longing for all this while? In fact, I was the one who has brought up such an absurd request. 
She turned around and avoided his gaze, sulking over his date with Yasmin.
All of a sudden, she heard Finnick chuckling by her side. 
Raising her head, she saw a bright grin on Finnick’s face. Finally, she linked the missing pieces of puzzles together and glared at him in return. “Finnick, it was all part of your plan!” 
Finnick responded with a faint smile because she was right; it was indeed part of his part because he couldn’t wait to figure out her reaction when she got jealous. 
He wanted his wife to feel the threat. 
As he stared at the frustrated woman in front of him, he got increasingly aroused. 
Vivian raised her hand in an attempt to throw a punch at Finnick, but he got ahead of her and grabbed her fist, bringing it over to his lips. 
“It was merely part of my plan. Actually, I have no intention to carry on with the meal. Let’s go home, Vivian. I have no intention to stay around anymore because you’re the only one I long for,” Finnick whispered. 
“S-Stop it! Y—” Vivian flushed and reprimanded her husband in return, but Finnick stopped her, kissing her on the lips before she could finish the sentence. 
He couldn’t resist the urge to kiss her because there was something about her lips that seemed extremely alluring. 
Even though Vivian tried her best to move away from Finnick, her effort was to no avail as she wasn’t a match for him in terms of strength. 
In the end, they indulged themselves in the session, entangling their tongues together as though they had been isolated in the confined space.
It lasted for some time. Vivian couldn’t take it anymore. She held on to Finnick’s shoulder and supported herself, panting as she asked him to stop, “F-Finnick, I-I think it’s time for us to return to our respective tables. Otherwise, they’re going to think we have been abducted. I’m pretty sure you don’t want them to find out our relationship, right?” 
“You know what? I don’t really care.” Finnick had no intention to wrap up their session because he had yet to reach the best part. Therefore, he refused to let her off the hook just yet. 
Vivian reminded her husband, “Calm down, Finnick! Think about it! Your relationship with Yasmin has caused a serious uproar, let alone our relationship. We should really return to our respective tables.” 
He took a deep breath and tried his best to resist the urge he felt deep down. After a few seconds, Finnick finally returned to his usual calm and collected self. 
In fact, he wouldn’t mind others figuring out Vivian’s identity as his spouse, but not through such a peculiar method. 
Finnick instructed, “Let’s go home at once.” 
To their surprise, as soon as they walked out of the powder room, they ran into Yasmin. 
Yasmin blinked in confusion because she thought she was seeing things. 
Similarly, Vivian shuddered and felt a chill running down her spine. 
Finnick has another woman by his side? 
Although Yasmin was taken aback, she managed to put on a calm front after a few seconds. She thought something must have had been wrong with Finnick because the woman in front of her was no match for her in terms of look and body.
In short, Yasmin refused to believe Finnick would fall in love with Vivian as she deemed Vivian inferior to her. 
Smiling confidently, Yasmin walked over to Finnick’s side and leaned over as she offered, “Mr. Norton, how could you leave me behind and engage in a conversation with others? Do you know how long I have been waiting for you? Why don’t you drop by my place for a cup of coffee instead?” 
She sized up Vivian contemptuously and noticed her competitor was in a set of office wear. 
Vivian couldn’t bear the thought of them fighting over a man in public. Therefore, she scurried away immediately and told them, “Please enjoy yourselves. I’ll excuse myself immediately.” 
As soon as she finished her sentence and was about to turn and leave, Finnick grabbed her hand and stopped her in the nick of time. 
He had been irritated by Yasmin for some time since the beginning of their meal, yet she had the audacity to pick on Vivian in front of him. 
Since Finnick had figured out the sort of affection Vivian had for him, he couldn’t tolerate the presence of those who would offend her anymore. He was determined to keep Vivian safe and sound from all sorts of harm.
###Chapter 169
Chapter 169 
Finnick cast a stern gaze at Yasmin, sending a chill down her spine. 
Consequently, Yasmin shuddered and took a step back, moving away from the duo. 
“Ms. Ziller, that’s it for today. I’ll see you when I see you,” Finnick stated indifferently with a poker face. 
Yasmin couldn’t believe her ears because she had been forsaken by Finnick without a second thought. 
She glared at Vivian and thought that the woman in front of her was to be blamed. 
If she didn’t show up out of anywhere, I might have a perfect date with Finnick! I shouldn’t have underestimated this woman! 
Yasmin felt aggrieved. She was clueless about Finnick’s sudden change of behavior. Initially, things progressed the way she had wanted them to be. Soon, she would get Finnick to join her in bed, yet someone showed up out of the blue and brought her plan to an abrupt halt. 
Finnick couldn’t be bothered with Yasmin anymore. He told Vivian, “Let’s go.” 
They ignored Yasmin and left the restaurant using the back door. 
Once Vivian got into the car, she texted Sarah and Ken, making up an excuse to cover the reason behind her abrupt departure. 
Throughout their way home, Vivian remained silent because she felt threatened by Yasmin’s presence. 
She turned the idea repetitively in her mind and came to the realization that she had become over- reliant on Finnick.
The truth was, she was afraid; she would feel uneasy whenever she recalled the way Yasmin tried to seduce Finnick. Although she had faith in Finnick, she was afraid fate would bring them apart once more. 
A sense of insecurity engulfed Vivian because Finnick might one day gave in to those seductive women out there. Perhaps he would get sick of her sometime in the future. 
If worse came to worst, Finnick might even leave her behind for another woman since she was merely an ordinary woman with a complicated past. 
Although Finnick assured her she should let bygones be bygones, Vivian was afraid things would take a drastic turn of events for the worse in the future. If the mastermind showed up, their relationship might just end miserably. 
Due to her relationship with Finnick, she would have to keep an eye out for Yasmin from now onwards. 
She was exhausted because she would have to deal with the mean and cruel Ashley as well. 
Vivian had a poker face throughout the entire journey. They remained silent as they made their way home. In fact, they didn’t talk to each other even when they had reached home. She changed into a set of pajamas and nestled on the couch idly, losing herself in the process of thought. 
Finally, Finnick thought it was about time to break the silence. 
Yasmin was never a threat. In short, she was but of a trivial existence. He had merely been making use of her to affirm his thought. Hence, Finnick didn’t want to have a fight with Vivian over Yasmin. 
“It’s been a long day. I’m sure you’re exhausted. Why don’t you go ahead and take a shower?” Finnick stood up and walked over to Vivian’s side, caressing her hair as he suggested gently.
Raising her head to look at him in return, Vivian moved her lips as though she had something to tell her husband, yet she changed her mind and decided to keep it to herself. 
Since Finnick was aware of what she had in mind, he decided to break the silence, asking in return, “Are you angry? Why did you refuse to talk to me throughout our way home” 
Vivian shook her head and told him, “No, but Yasmin has gone overboard. To be honest, I think she looked disgusting.” 
She refused to admit she was angry. Otherwise, her husband might deem her a petty woman. 
Nevertheless, she was in a foul mood because of Yasmin. 
Finnick chuckled and assured his wife, “I have hired Yasmin to be the company’s spokesperson because she’s the best candidate in terms of compatibility with our targeted audience.” 
As Vivian couldn’t figure out the rationale behind Finnick’s explanation, she turned around and stared at him in confusion. 
Is he trying to explain the reason he’s affiliated with Yasmin lately? 
All of a sudden, Vivian felt great because Finnick had always been known as an indifferent and arrogant man. 
However, such a domineering man took the initiative to explain the rationale behind his action to sort out the misunderstanding between them. Hence, the infuriated Vivian felt a sense of relief. 
“If she’s merely a spokesperson, why did she go to great lengths to win you over?” Vivian asked in return as she couldn’t keep the things she had in mind to herself anymore whenever she recalled Yasmin’s seductive look.
“Shouldn’t you confront her instead? It seems like there’s a slight misunderstanding going on, huh? Did you think I have hired her to be our spokesperson because I’m up to something else?” 
Finnick finally figured out Vivian’s concerns. After all, Yasmin had been in showbiz for years. She had never failed in getting the men she desired. Therefore, it would be normal for Vivian to perceive her as a formidable foe. 
“As a matter of fact, I have never once enjoyed being around Yasmin, but a certain someone has been bringing up some absurd requests repetitively,” Finnick lowered his gaze, staring at Vivian in the eyes as he announced.
###Chapter 170
Chapter 170 
Vivian flushed unwittingly because Finnick was merely a few inches away from her. 
Indeed, she was the one who insisted on Finnick having a meal with Yasmin. She had no rights to be jealous at all since she was the mastermind behind everything. 
Oh, God! This is so embarrassing! 
Consequently, her lips twitched involuntarily as she thought about it. 
Finnick held her in between his arms and asserted with a gentle smile, “You look exceptionally gorgeous tonight.” 
She lowered her head with a sheepish grin, wrapping her arms around her husband’s neck. 
Really? I don’t think there’s anything exceptional about me, right? I have the usual set of outfits I have put on for work every day. There’s nothing special about my make-up either. 
Once she thought about it, she moved her hands away and brought the one last thing she had in her mind up. “What are you talking about? I’m not a match for Yasmin in terms of look. She’s such a sexy and gorgeous woman who knows how to doll herself up perfectly. The dress she put on highlighted her busty figure to the maximum.” 
“What about it? I have never taken a liking to ostentatious women like Yasmin before,” Finnick chuckled as he replied. 
He meant it. As compared to Yasmin, Finnick had always deemed the innocent-looking Vivian to be far more attractive.
Never had he appreciated the presence of those ostentatious women around him. 
Immediately after they wrapped up their conversation, he lifted her and brought her into the bathroom. 
“Where are we going?” Vivian asked with reddened cheeks. 
Gently, Finnick replied in a husky voice, “Let’s take a shower together.” 
Vivian’s already reddened cheek flushed even more. She was about to turn down his suggestion, but Finnick lowered his head and kissed her on the lips, rendering her incapable of speech. “You’re the one at fault today. Thus, you’re not allowed to turn me down as you’re being punished.” 
Upon hearing her husband’s domineering statement, she had no choice but to follow him into the bathroom. 
Shortly, the tap started running in the bathroom. The entire bathroom had gotten warm and misty. Vivian’s cheeks had the tone of a cherry tomato as the session began. 
The next morning, after Finnick dropped Vivian off, he returned to Finnor Group on his own. 
It was a relatively idle day. Hence, he leaned against the chair after the conference they had in the morning. 
He perused the report that had been delivered to him, but suddenly he heard a commotion outside of his office. Noah yelled, “You’re not allowed to enter the office!” 
Finnick sat upright immediately as the uproar had interrupted his process of thoughts. 
A woman had barged into Finnick’s office. She was none other than Yasmin. 
Noah, who was outside, rushed into Finnick’s office immediately. “Mr. Norton, she doesn’t have an appointment, but she insisted on making her way into your office.”
Finnick frowned in return, but he beckoned Noah to return to his position and leave everything else to him. 
Yasmin had put on an entirely different outfit. As compared to the usual exposing outfit she had, an oversized coat could be seen over her. She had a conservative look contrary to her usual thick make- up. 
She ran her fingers through her unkempt hair and put on an innocent front as she told Finnick, “Mr. Norton, I’m so sorry for showing up as an uninvited guest, but I can’t resist the urge to drop by because I have been missing you!” 
“Have I not made myself clear last night?” Finnick asked, knitting his eyebrows to express his frustration. 
He instructed, “I want you to get out immediately. I don’t have time for you.” 
Yasmin pursed her lips as she had no intention to leave. She stepped forward and took Finnick by surprise, removing the oversize coat she had, exposing her bare body beneath the coat. 
Finnick’s face darkened as it was evident Yasmin was up to no good. 
Those who knew him well could tell that he had been provoked and about to explode or he wouldn’t have remained silent in such a manner. 
Nevertheless, there were only a mere few who could read Finnick’s mood. Therefore, Yasmin thought she managed to seduce Finnick and rushed over to his side, holding him in between her arms. 
“Mr. Norton, I know you have a thing for me! I won’t poke my nose into your business, but I want to become one of your many women! I really— O-Ouch—”
Finnick pushed Yasmin aside before she could even finish her sentence. 
“I want you to get dressed and get the heck out of my sight at once!” Finnick delivered his instruction indifferently with a poker face. 
Yasmin refused to give in just yet. She brought herself over coquettishly, exposing her flawless and busty bosom in front of Finnick. 
“Mr. Norton, I’m willing to do anything for you! Please take me!” 
Finnick’s face puckered in irritation. It was evident that he had lost his cool because Yasmin had crossed his bottom lines. 
Immediately, he called Noah and instructed, “Send the security guards to my office immediately! I want them to chase the filthy woman out of my office at once!” 
Yasmin’s face turned pale. She wailed as she was on the verge of breaking down, “Mr. Norton! Why? Since you are taking the ugly duckling seriously, why can’t you take me seriously as well? Does that mean I’m not a match for Vivian?” 
The moment Finnick heard Vivian’s name from Yasmin, he furrowed his eyebrows. He asked in a serious tone, “How did you figure out her name? Did you ask someone to check her background?”
###Chapter 171
Chapter 171 
“What’s so great about her? Why do I have to investigate her?” Yasmin explained, “I ran into her colleagues yesterday. They were the ones who told me about it.” 
Yasmin continued, “Vivian looks plain and has a coquettish face. I bet she must have approached you for your money and social status. Trust me, Mr. Norton, I’ve seen tons of women like her! You mustn’t let her deceive you!” 
Finnick shot her a cold glare. “Don’t talk about Vivian with your filthy mouth again or that’ll be the last thing you ever say.” 
Finnick’s words sent a shiver down Yasmin’s spine. She had not expected for Vivian to have such an important place in Finnick’s heart. 
Having no other special talents apart from crying, Yasmin turned on the waterworks immediately. 
“Mr. Norton, I only said that for your own good! You’re the only man who respects me as a woman. All the others simply want to take advantage of me…” She cried even louder as she spoke. 
However, Finnick was immune to her tears as Vivian was the only one he cared about. 
“I promise you that I won’t mention Vivian ever again! Please don’t be mad at me, okay? Don’t ignore me…” Yasmin said with tears rolling down her face. 
At that moment, the door to the office was opened. Noah came in with the security guards and was shocked by the sight before them. 
Despite being rather open about such things, Yasmin was still a star and couldn’t show herself to others like that. She quickly got dressed and wiped her tears before strutting out of Finnick’s office.
Her face became twisted with hatred the moment she left his office. 
I hate you, Vivian! How dare you steal my man? I’ll make you pay for this! 
Yasmin’s ego had taken a huge blow from Finnick’s response earlier. 
In the meantime, Vivian was writing an article at the magazine company. 
The senior editor Lesley had put her in charge of this article as she believed that the person who was present at the scene would be able to write the most impactful content. 
The President of Finnor Group had a candlelight dinner with superstar Yasmin Ziller! Yasmin had expressed her adoration for Finnick many times, but there was a wedding ring on his right hand… 
Vivian found it difficult to continue writing any further and felt a throbbing pain in her chest. I guess it does affect me, after all! 
She actually regretted accepting that assignment as she found herself starting to overthink and getting jealous very easily. 
Vivian felt her back aching after not getting much sleep for a few nights for she had to watch Finnick from pouncing on her. Hence, she figured she should eat something nutritious for lunch. 
This is probably a good opportunity to make a name for myself. Since I’ve already made use of my husband, I might as well go all the way with it! 
She pulled herself together at the thought of that. 
Vivian was very satisfied with the photographs taken as they showed Finnick and Yasmin sitting across each other in a very romantic and classy environment, which helped her greatly with writing the article.
Vivian tried her best to stick to the truth as much as possible while spicing things up a little here and there to make it entertaining, or the readers would complain about it. 
Hehe, this is my chance to revenge! Sorry, Finnick! Think of this as a little punishment for bullying me every night! 
Right when Vivian was getting in the zone with her writing, her phone rang all of a sudden. 
She took a look at it and frowned when she saw that it was an unknown number. 
Who could it be? 
“Hello, this is Vivian from Glamour Magazine.” 
It turned out to be Yasmin on the other line. She asked Vivian to meet her alone.
###Chapter 172
Chapter 172 
The two met up at Ocean Café, a very popular café frequented by famous people to discuss business as it was fairly dark which provided them with the privacy required. 
Yasmin had changed out of her overcoat and put on an expensive dress. She looked like a wealthy lady with her makeup and hair tied up. 
Vivian on the other hand, rarely wore anything fancy herself and only watched Ashley show off her expensive clothes. As such, she wasn’t impressed by Yasmin’s attire in the slightest way. 
A waiter saw Yasmin lighting up a cigarette and was about to stop her, but held his tongue when he realized that she was a superstar. 
It took Vivian every ounce of patience to keep her anger in check when Yasmin blew a mouthful of smoke in her face. 
“Vivian, was it? I believe this is the second time we’ve met. I didn’t invite you here to befriend you though. On the contrary, you’re currently my rival in love!” 
Vivian could tell that she was here to declare war with her over Finnick. I was writing an article trying to ship these two together just moments ago, and now I’m sitting at the same table with the girl in the article! Vivian chuckled at the thought of that. 
“What are you laughing at? Are you looking down on me?” Yasmin was surprised by her response. 
Vivian waved at her. “No, not at all! I was just spacing out for a bit. That’s all.” 
What a strange woman… Yasmin thought to herself.
“Anyway, you’re just an ordinary girl. A dime a dozen, in fact. Why don’t you forget about your unrealistic dreams of winning the heart of Finnor Group’s President, huh? You don’t deserve to be with someone like Finnick!” 
Pfft! Does she even know that we’re already married to each other? Oh, wait… I forgot that she doesn’t know anything about that! I guess I can’t blame her for what she said then. Still, do I really look like the kind of woman who would seduce others? I thought I had always behaved and dressed appropriately! 
Yasmin mistook Vivian’s silence for a display of her power as an experienced mistress and pressed on, “What’s your relationship with Mr. Norton? You two seem rather close. Don’t tell me he’s already sponsoring you financially?” 
Sponsoring me financially? Does she take me for a sugar baby of some sort? What a joke! She claims to like Finnick, and yet she doesn’t even know a thing about us! 
Seeing no response from Vivian, Yasmin decided to boast about the moments she had spent with Finnick instead. 
Fortunately for Vivian, Finnick had already told her about their meeting last night, so Yasmin’s words had no effect on her feelings whatsoever. 
“I’ll have you know that Finnick was the one who approached me with the offer of being the company’s spokesperson! I know Finnick is into me, as he wouldn’t have done that otherwise!” Yasmin said. 
Finnick told me all about that long ago. Looks like he was really being honest with me! Vivian thought to herself as she listened. 
At that moment, the waiter brought two cups of coffee over to their table. Yasmin had ordered a cappuccino, while Vivian simply ordered an espresso.
Yasmin took a look at Vivian’s cup and said, “You have such a terrible taste!” 
She’s calling my taste terrible? 
Vivian had written an article on coffee some time ago. She spent an entire week doing her research to gain a complete understanding on the origins of coffee, its production and manufacturing. Her dream was to start up a café of her own with her retirement funds. 
Fabian had brought her to all sorts of cafés and events in Sunshine City. He even jokingly said he was willing to become her coffee cup so she could hold him every day. 
Vivian laughed at her and said, “You think ordering a cappuccino makes you feel more superior?” 
After everything that happened, the couple that swore to be together forever then had each found their own spouse.
###Chapter 173
Chapter 173 
Vivian collected herself and stared at Yasmin. 
“I think I’ve said enough for you to understand that backing out is your only option, so just give up! You can’t beat me!” Yasmin said. 
She’ll probably keep going on for an entire day if I don’t say something. Unlike her, I’ve got a lot of work to do! Arranging the sequence of their photos in the article, for example! 
Vivian took a sip of her espresso before slowly saying, “You seem very confident, but I don’t really see Mr. Norton being that close with you. Could you describe your relationship in detail?” 
Just like that, the battle for dominance between the two had instantly become an interview session for Vivian. 
“Sure! I’ll never forget the look in Finnick’s eyes when he first saw me. It was so full of passion that he probably would’ve pounced on me if we weren’t in public! That’s love at first sight, got it?” Yasmin replied without a second thought. 
Although Finnick did look at her with admiration at first, it wasn’t that passionate like what she had described. He simply felt that he had made a great decision, as Yasmin was indeed the best candidate to be their spokesperson. It was obvious that Yasmin had misinterpreted that admiration for passion, and Vivian felt the need to wake her up from her silly dream before things got worse for both Finnick and her. 
“Is that so? You don’t seem that close with Mr. Norton though, Vivian said. 
Yasmin let out a deliberate sigh and waved at her. “Well, you know how men have an image to maintain in public! He’s just shy, that’s all! You know nothing about it!”
“Hmm… You haven’t been close enough with Mr. Norton to share a room with him, have you?” Vivian asked. 
Her words reminded Yasmin of the incident in Finnick’s office earlier that morning, which made her really angry. “That’s because we’re keeping our distance, got it? What, you think you’re that great? You’re nothing but a mistress! Heck, you’re not even worthy of being a mistress! At the end of the day, the only true winner is his wife!” 
Vivian choked on her coffee upon hearing that and nearly spat it out when she heard that. 
His wife? That’s me! It seems there are lots of people who admire, envy, hate, and even question my position. It is surely tough being his wife! I’m making so many enemies without even knowing it! 
Yasmin thought she had choked on her coffee out of fear and taunted her, “Aww, are you scared? I’m warning you now, you’d better stay away from Finnick or I’ll expose your little scandal and have his wife sort you out! Don’t blame me if you find yourself stripped naked and beaten to an inch of your life on the streets someday!” 
Vivian couldn’t hold back her laughter any longer. 
So Yasmin is really envious of me, huh? It’s a shame she doesn’t know that Mrs. Norton is staring her in the face right now! According to her threat, I’d be beating myself up! What a joke! Fate sure has a wicked sense of humor! 
Vivian had heard enough of her threats and saw no point in continuing that conversation any further. 
“Right, I’ve heard what you came here to say. I still have a lot of work to do, so I’ll be taking my leave now. I already paid for my coffee, by the way,” she said while standing up. 
Yasmin wasn’t quite satisfied as she had yet to get Vivian out of her way.
“Oh, one more thing,” Vivian looked Yasmin straight in the eye as she spoke, “A relationship isn’t something you can just force yourself into.” 
Yasmin slumped back into her chair. 
Damn it! Why won’t Vivian just know her place and back off! 
Vivian quickly rushed back to her office and continued writing her article in silence.
###Chapter 174
Chapter 174 
She showed no mercy to Yasmin in her article either. I’m teaching her a lesson for her own good. As women, we both have it rough dealing with people. Although she has done all sorts of things to hurt me, I won’t stoop so low to do the same. 
The day went by peacefully, and it was soon time to get off work. Everyone else hurried home, and Vivian was the last to leave her office. 
She noticed that the lights were still on in Fabian’s office and decided to sneak away quietly. Finnick sent her a text: I’ll be coming home for dinner tonight. 
Vivian texted him back: What would you like to have for dinner? 
He replied shamelessly: You. 
Vivian found herself blushing bright red when she recalled how they had shared a bath last night and hurried on home. 
Finnick stopped by a flower shop and bought Vivian a bouquet of flowers to cheer her up. 
He knew she liked gloveworts, as that was mentioned in her files when he investigated her earlier. 
The maid at home had cooked up a huge variety of nutritious dishes for dinner. 
If only I could cook as well as the maid. That way, I’d be able to handle Finnick and his picky eating habits! Vivian thought to herself when she saw the dishes on the table. 
She liked the flowers he got her very much, and felt like whatever fatigue she had during the day had disappeared in an instant when she caught a whiff of its fragrance. He knows I like gloveworts? Finnick
sure is attentive! 
“How was your day? Did the people at the magazine company give you any problems?” Finnick asked while munching on the food. 
Hearing that made Vivian feel awkward. 
“No, of course not! In fact, they were too busy thanking me after my huge contribution!” 
Vivian added, “That lovestruck idiot Yasmin on the other hand, came to see me today.” 
Finnick was displeased to hear that. I warned her to stay away from Vivian, and she went to see her right after? 
“What did she say?” he asked. 
“Nothing much, really. She just tried to spite me and make me jealous in order to relieve some of the hatred in her,” Vivian replied truthfully. 
Finnick chuckled. “You kinda brought that upon yourself, you know?” 
Hmph! Just you wait, Finnick! I’ll have you stomping your feet in anger the moment the article gets released! 
Sure enough, the magazine containing that article sold like hot cakes a few days later, and the internet went crazy over it. 
Netizens were even congratulating Yasmin on Twitter. 
Nice job! Now, go for it and make him yours! 
Hehe, I bet those two have already been going at it!
Finnick is so hot! He’s mine! 
Shameless! Shameless! Shameless! 
Sarah sighed as she scrolled through the comments online. “Vivian, you’ve really done it this time! Our company has gotten famous now thanks to this article. A beauty and a millionaire, eh? What a scoop!” 
I wonder if Finnick has read the article yet… Vivian thought to herself. 
Meanwhile, Finnick had seen the article and was very unhappy about it. 
News about it had spread throughout the entire office, and he even received phone calls from major clients trying to find out more about it. 
Vivian sure is nasty… 
Finnick grinned when he saw her name on the magazine. 
Looks like I’ll have to punish her tonight! I won’t let her off the hook until I make her beg for forgiveness! 
He was thinking about the things he would do to her when Noah knocked on the door and said he had brought Xavier Jackson over. 
“Come on in!” Finnick said.
###Chapter 175
Chapter 175 
Xavier was still in shock from being tied up by Noah. 
He stared at Finnick in confusion for quite a while before realizing what was going on. 
“Finnick, what’s the meaning of this? How could you do this to me? Have Noah untie me at once!” he shouted. 
Xavier was sleeping soundly with a woman in his arms earlier that morning when he was suddenly dragged to the floor by Noah. Xavier was about to curse at him, but held his tongue when he saw Noah crack his knuckles. 
He was aware of how skilled Noah was in combat skills and knew better than to anger him. Noah allowed Xavier to get dressed before tying him up and bringing him over. 
He kept asking Noah what it was about along the way, but Noah simply refused to answer, much to his dismay. 
Now, he was sitting in front of Finnick like a prisoner of some sort. They didn’t even bother to give him a glass of water. 
“What the hell do you want with me, Finnick? You could’ve just called me over!” Xavier shouted angrily. 
Finnick had a vicious look in his eyes as he questioned Xavier coldly, “Xavier, tell me. Did you lay your hands on a woman who was drugged in Century Hotel two years ago?” 
Since when did Finnick concern himself with my personal affairs? 
Xavier began pondering his question and seemed lost in thought.
Noah gave him a push on the back and urged him to answer Finnick’s question. 
That snapped him out of it, and he replied shortly after, “A woman who was drugged? No way, I wouldn’t touch someone like that! With my wealth, there are tons of women who would willingly throw themselves at me! I’ll admit, I am frivolous and can’t hold my liquor, but I am quite the connoisseur when it comes to women!” 
With Xavier’s wealth and good looks, there really is no need for him to drug a woman, nor is he the type of person to do such a thing. But what if he was drunk? What if he was so wasted that he didn’t know what he was doing? He could’ve entered the wrong room by mistake! 
“I suggest you think twice before answering my questions. We both know you’re quite the monster when you’re drunk.” Finnick pressed on. 
Xavier realized the gravity of the issue when he saw how serious Finnick was, and Vivian was the only person he had ever taken so seriously. 
“Are you talking about Vivian? What on earth happened?” Xavier asked. 
Finnick kept quiet as he didn’t know what to say, and he didn’t want to ruin Vivian’s reputation either. On top of that, he didn’t want to bring up Fabian. 
Noah noticed the look on Finnick’s face and answered Xavier’s question on his behalf. 
He gave Xavier a brief summary of what happened to Vivian during her time in university two years ago. 
Xavier was shocked by what he heard and sympathized greatly with her. Who on earth could’ve done such a sick and heartless thing to her? That b*stard better pray I don’t find him or he’ll have hell to pay!
Noah smiled and apologized, “I’ve been investigating that incident under Finnick’s orders and managed to find out the date and room number with the help of the hotel staff. They found a scarf with the letter “J” on it while cleaning the room the next morning and handed it over to me. It looked really similar to your custom-made scarf, so… Well, I apologize for dragging you here like this. You were the most suspicious one on the list, after all.” 
Xavier nodded after hearing his explanation. “No, it’s fine. I understand that you were just doing your job. That scarf was indeed…” 
He paused all of a sudden and glared angrily at Finnick. My scarf factory was acquired by someone and put out of business some time ago. Could Finnick be the one responsible for that? He is the only person capable of doing such a thing!
###Chapter 176
Chapter 176 
“Is that why you shut down my scarf factory? Because you thought I did it and wanted to avenge Vivian? Well, you might as well go the whole nine yards and kill me off while you’re at it!” Xavier shouted. 
Finnick motioned at Noah who then untied Xavier and poured him a glass of whisky. 
Finnick has gone too far! First he’s protecting Vivian, and now he’s become her private investigator? He is such a lovesick b*stard! Does he not care about his friends anymore now that he has a wife? I won’t forgive him for this! Xavier cursed at him in his head. 
Finnick still had his doubts as all evidence pointed to Xavier, and he knew just how much of a playboy Xavier was. 
“Try your best to recall, Xavier. Look, I won’t kill you or do anything to you even if you were the one who did it. I just want to find out the truth and help Vivian seek the justice she deserves so she can be happy again. Think hard, Xavier, think! What happened at the Century Hotel two years ago?” 
Xavier downed the glass of whisky and tried his best to recall what had happened. 
“I swear I have never laid a hand on Vivian, and I would definitely admit to it if I did! As for that scarf… I don’t know how it ended up being there either,” he replied. 
Finnick was still unconvinced and asked, “Could it be that you’ve slept with so many women that you simply forgot about it?” 
Xavier buttoned up his shirt and tidied up his outfit. “That’s impossible. You see, I keep a record of every woman I sleep with. With the amount of women I sleep with, I’d go crazy trying to remember them all! I assure you I have never seen Vivian, let alone sleep with her!”
Xavier flipped through his diary and checked his schedule from two years ago. “I’ve never been to Century Hotel two years ago. See? It isn’t recorded in my diary, and I don’t remember ever going there either.” 
If it wasn’t Xavier, then who else could the scarf belong to? 
Noah followed up with another question. “What about the scarf, then? It was produced by your factory and has the initial of your family name on it.” 
What? Even Noah is questioning me now? I guess they really do see me as a suspect, huh? This is injustice! 
“It’s true that the scarf looks a lot like mines, but that letter “J” doesn’t necessarily stand for Jackson! It can also stand for Johnson, Jordon or even Jenkins!” 
Finnick threatened him. “Don’t try and worm your way out of this one, Xavier! You know I can do far more than just shutting your factory down, don’t you? If that scarf isn’t yours, then whose is it?” 
Man, it’s been forever since I’ve seen Finnick care so much about a woman… Back then, Finnick would do whatever he wanted without a care in the world. However, everything changed over time, and he even went as far as pretending to be wheelchair-bound to hide his capabilities. Now that he has Vivian in his life, I can see some life in his eyes once again. As his friend, I must do what I can to help him out! Xavier couldn’t help but sigh at the thought of that. 
“I have a lot of scarves which I give out to my close friends and major clients every year. As for the scarf you found from two years ago… I’ll need some time to recall and look into it. Rest assured, Finnick, I will do whatever I can to help you get to the bottom of this!” He quickly stormed out of the office after saying that, afraid that they would suspect him of lying again.
Of course, he would still deliver his promise to Finnick and try his best to help him out. 
Finnick went into deep thought as he pondered over what Xavier had said. 
If what Xavier said is true, and he only gave the scarves out to his close friends and business clients, then… Could it be that one of them was responsible for what happened to Vivian?
###Chapter 177
Chapter 177 
I wonder if I know any of them… Although that incident was an accident, I had planned on teaching that man a lesson anyway. It’d be awkward if it’s someone I know, but I won’t let him off the hook for what he did to Vivian! How dare he touch my woman before me? He deserves nothing but death! 
Finnick frowned at the thought of that. 
Noah didn’t trust Xavier either. 
“Mr. Norton, do you really believe what Xavier said?” he asked. 
“Xavier and I go way back, so I know him very well. He isn’t the kind who’d do something he wouldn’t admit to. I’m not so sure about his efficiency though,” Finnick replied firmly. 
Noah nodded without saying a word. 
“I just hope he can find us something useful. At least we’d be a step closer to uncovering the truth.” 
Meanwhile, in the Norton family villa, Mark’s assistant, Harry came by to report in on his work. He started off his report with the trivial stuff, all of which Mark noted down in his journal. 
“Is there anything else you have to report?” Mark asked. 
Harry stood up straight as he felt what he had to say next was extremely important. 
“Yes, Mr. Norton. I have big news for you, sir!” 
Mark’s eyes lit up. “Well? Go on, then!”
Harry continued, “A few days ago, I received word of a few people having a fight in the Century Hotel lobby. There was a drunk woman…” 
Mark almost lost his temper when he heard that. What nonsense is this? How is this big news? Is Harry trying to get himself fired or something? 
Harry noticed the impatient look on his face and said, “Calm down, Mr. Norton. Please let me finish.” 
“Hurry up then!” Mark couldn’t stand how long Harry took to get to the point in his reports. 
“Now, under normal circumstances, there wouldn’t be anything odd about that. However, in this case, all security camera footage in that hotel had been deleted! My genius brain tells me something isn’t quite right here, because Finnick, Fabian, and Vivian were there,” Harry said with a chuckle. 
“Why didn’t you tell me about this sooner?” Mark asked. “What else did you find? Who deleted the footage? Was it Finnick?” 
Harry nodded. “That’s right, Mr. Norton. On top of that, there’s something much stranger.” 
Mark waited silently for Harry to continue. There’s definitely something going on here. Vivian, Fabian, Finnick, the security camera footage… Finnick must’ve been trying to hide something by deleting it… 
“A guest at the hotel saw someone who looked like Finnick that night, except he wasn’t in a wheelchair. That man was walking and running about like any other man,” Harry said. 
Mark stood up from his chair in shock. 
What a surprise! 
He grabbed Harry by the collar and shouted, “Are you sure? Is this true?”
Harry could barely breathe and struggled to speak, “T-This is just my speculation… Why else would he delete the security camera footage otherwise?” 
He coughed and wheezed when Mark let go of him. 
He wouldn’t have done that if he didn’t have anything to hide. The only people Finnick would delete the footage for is Vivian and himself. 
“Harry, I want you to investigate this incident thoroughly! Leave no stone unturned!” Mark ordered. 
“We’re unable to find the witness, so we can’t really prove anything now,” Harry replied.
###Chapter 178
Chapter 178 
Mark was starting to worry and fear. 
If that really were Finnick, then wouldn’t that mean he’s pretending to be crippled? Why would he do that? I wonder if grandpa knows about it… 
Harry noticed the frown on Mark’s face and asked, “Mr. Norton, shall we try using that method from ten years ago?” 
Finnick was just a little punk ten years ago, but he has become a monster after being severely hurt once. Now that he’s being cautious with us, things won’t be so easy. 
“You idiot! Do you really think Finnick is that easy to catch now that he has Noah by his side? You could never hope to defeat that guy, and he’s practically glued to Finnick except when he’s sleeping!” Mark scolded him angrily. 
Harry felt ashamed of himself. It’s true that my skills martial arts aren’t as good as Noah’s, but I’m smarter than him! 
He came up with an idea and said, “Mr. Norton, we could target Finnick’s wife, Vivian. I can tell that he loves her very much and would probably have her by his side at all times if he could.” 
Vivian? I’ve met her before. Grandpa seems to like her very much too. From that video, we can see that her background and identity are a complete mystery. She’s definitely not as innocent and pure as she pretends to be, but there must be something special about her if she’s able to win Finnick’s heart. 
He nodded and complimented Harry, “Vivian, eh? Yes, that’s a very good idea. You’ve finally said something smart, Harry!”
Harry didn’t know how to respond to that compliment. Wait. Does he mean that everything I said before was stupid? That can’t be right… 
Mark realized what Harry truly meant a moment later and urged him, “What are you waiting for? Hurry up and make the necessary preparations! There’ll be a huge reward for you if you get this done well!” 
With that, Harry ran off and got to work. 
Heh… I now know you’re pretending to be a cripple, and that Vivian is your weakness! Once I strike you in both your soft spots, you’ll be done for! 
Mark let out a sadistic smile at the thought of that. 
Despite the care vibes that Xavier gave off, he was very efficient at getting things done and had arranged for a meet-up with Benedict a day after his meeting with Finnick. 
Xavier was the first to arrive at Ocean Café. After ordering a latte and two desserts, he began observing the people around him to see if there were any pretty girls nearby. 
Benedict showed up moments later, and his flawlessly handsome appearance caused quite a commotion in the café. 
The waitresses wanted to hit on him, but were too shy to make a move because of how pretty he looked. 
Benedict had crystal clear skin, an arched nose, beautiful black pupils, and very charming lips. His fitting suit provided the perfect complement to his physique, and his overall appearance left all the women drooling over him.
Benedict was the son of the scholarly Morrison family as well as the older brother of Evelyn Morrison. The two had lost their parents at a very young age, and Benedict had to look after his sister all by himself. 
After meeting up with Xavier, Benedict sat down gracefully and began ordering from the menu. 
Xavier noticed that the girls were still staring at Benedict and teased him, “Man, you sure are overpowered with that charm of yours. Even a handsome man like me has been defeated by your good looks! Heck, I think I’m starting to fall in love with you!”
###Chapter 179
Chapter 179 
Benedict ordered an espresso and said, “You haven’t changed a bit, Xavier. Still the swinger surrounded by women, I see.” 
Xavier chuckled and nodded. “Haha! Spare me the pleasantries, buddy!” 
“So, what do you need from me?” Benedict asked. 
“Oh? What, a guy can’t just catch up with his friend?” Benedict sure is a sharp one! Xavier thought to himself. 
“I know you, Xavier. Now, how about you get on with it?” 
Xavier figured there was no point in hiding his intentions anymore, but he didn’t want to confront Benedict directly either as he might not admit to doing it. 
“Do you know about what happened to my scarf factory a while back?” he asked. 
Benedict nodded and waved as he said, “Yeah, I heard it was shut down all of a sudden. You should’ve put more effort into that factory of yours, you know? It was a real waste of potential!” 
“I know, right? What a shame!” Xavier cursed at Finnick in his head. My scarves were selling great! If it hadn’t been for Finnick, I’d still be in business right now! It pisses me off just thinking about it! 
“Say, what happened to that scarf I gave you two years ago? You didn’t lose it, did you?” Xavier asked. 
Benedict wasn’t sure what Xavier was playing at, but he could tell that he was hiding something. 
“I don’t even remember what I had for breakfast, and you expect me to remember what happened two years ago?”
Xavier sighed. He knew he had no choice but to ask him directly instead. 
“You’ve always been the smarter one, Benedict. Fine, I’ll cut straight to the chase with you. I gave you a scarf two years ago, didn’t I?” 
Benedict admitted to having received a few scarves from him. 
Xavier pressed on, “Do you remember being in Century Hotel, then? Did you sleep with a drugged woman there and lose your scarf?” 
Benedict realized how serious it was and quickly said, “Hold up, what is this all about? Could you at least explain to me what happened? What drug? What woman?” 
Xavier didn’t want to tell him everything about Vivian so as to not embarrass Finnick. 
“Just answer the question. Have you been to Century Hotel two years ago?” 
Benedict recalled the important events that took place two years ago and replied, “Yes, I have.” 
Xavier went wide-eyed when he heard that. “Did you see a woman that was drugged?” 
“No. I did see plenty of women that were charmed by me, though.” Benedict replied. 
“And you didn’t sleep with any of them?” 
Benedict gave Xavier a strange look upon hearing that. What the hell is wrong with him today? 
“Come on, you know me. I may like women, but I don’t sleep around like you do.” 
Xavier agreed with what he said. Benedict is indeed well-known for keeping his distance with women. Being the sophisticated scholar that he is, he always turned down invitations to parties and never had
any scandals whatsoever. Heck, even Finnick is impressed by that! 
Benedict found Xavier’s questions boring and didn’t understand why he was asking about such things. 
He had other interests in mind, like Finnick for example. 
“What has Finnick been up to lately?” he asked. 
Xavier decided it was a good time to change the topic too as he didn’t want Benedict to ask him about the incident. 
“Oh, that guy? He’s enjoying life with his beautiful wife so much that he’s forgotten about his friends! That guy has become a family man now!” 
Benedict frowned in concern. “Finnick is married?” 
Xavier nodded. “Yeah, his grandfather forced him into it.”
###Chapter 180
Chapter 180 
So he really has forgotten about Evelyn, huh? Finnick left her to die in the fire back then, and now he’s gotten married ten years later… 
Benedict was displeased at the thought of that. 
“Hmph! So he’s forgotten about those who died for him now that he has a successful career and found someone he likes. What a scumbag!” His tone was filled with hostility. 
That put Xavier in an awkward position, and he began to regret telling him about Finnick’s marriage. 
The two of them continued to chat for a little while longer before going their separate ways. 
Vivian heard Sarah gossiping the moment she came in the office the next morning. 
“We’re in for a treat, people! I saw Mr. Norton’s fiancée come by just now! She’s dressed from head to toe in branded goods and looks really fashionable. She had a gloomy look on her face when she went in his office, so they probably had a fight or something. Be careful not to get caught in the crossfire!” 
Vivian sulked upon hearing that. What’s Ashley doing here? Is she trying to pick a fight? I’d better avoid her. Maybe I should come up with an excuse to be out of office. 
Shannon stared at Vivian from her desk with glee. Ha! Look who’s cowering in fear now that the Chief Editor’s wife is here! Serves you right! 
Meanwhile, Ashley was close to tears in Fabian’s office as she questioned him, “Fabian, what’s the meaning of this? Why are you breaking up with me through a text message? What did I do wrong? Do you know how much that hurts me?”
Fabian sneered when he saw her. 
Wow, the bold Ashley has the guts to show up here and act all pitiful… I bet those who don’t know the truth would easily be fooled by her! Oh, Ashley… You don’t know when to give up, do you? 
Fabian retrieved Vivian’s photos from his drawer and tossed them in front of Ashley. “Drop the act, will ya? How much longer do you plan on pretending, huh? You’re the one who did this to Vivian, aren’t you?” 
Ashley went pale and took a few steps back when she heard that. 
“No, it wasn’t me! This is a misunderstanding, Fabian! Don’t just jump to conclusions like that! Besides, what can these photos even prove anyway?” 
Ashley insisted that she was innocent, but that only made Fabian even more furious. 
I had someone investigate the incident, and we managed to track down the people involved in taking the photos and trading them. It was none other than Ashley herself, so she must have been the one behind it all! 
She was jealous of Vivian, so she used the photos to ruin her reputation! Rumors about her spread throughout the entire campus, and everyone pointed fingers at her wherever she went! This is all Ashley’s fault! 
She’s the one who put Vivian through all that pain and suffering! Had it not been for these photos, I wouldn’t have lost my trust in Vivian and broken up with her! She wouldn’t have ended up with Finnick either! 
He hated her the very sight of her.
“A misunderstanding, you say? You may have the others fooled, but you can’t fool me! She’s your sister, Ashley! How could you do this to her?” Fabian shouted in both anger and disappointment. 
He was completely shocked when he found out Ashley was the mastermind. He just couldn’t believe that almost married such a cruel and heartless woman. She was so malicious! Beneath that angelic appearance of hers lay the heart of a devil. 
He had always thought of Ashley as a kind and genuine girl, and yet she was the person who hired someone to take indecent pictures of her sister and spread rumors about her.
###Chapter 181
Chapter 181 
Vivian had been pitifully kept in the dark all along and had even interacted with her as if they were a tight-knit family. 
Fabian would never allow such a woman to linger around him as it would inevitably cause peril to Vivian. 
Hence, Fabian ended his relationship with Ashley. Although a break-up should be done personally via a face to face meeting, he did not want to witness Ashley’s expression. Thus, he ended their relationship with a text message. Who knew that she would come straight to his house to ascertain the truth? 
But Fabian still resolved to end the relationship with her. On the other hand, Ashley’s feelings were in a flurry. 
When she received Fabian’s text, she had felt anguished. She believed that Vivian was the reason for their breakup as that woman had seduced Fabian and entranced him when they were at the magazine company. 
To her horror, the true reason behind Fabian’s request was because he had looked into her when he was investigating the photograph incident two years ago. 
I will never admit to that! If I do, Fabian will never forgive me and I will lose him forever! 
She had put in so much effort and time in pursuing Fabian. Thus, she could not give up now as she did not want to lose him. 
I will adopt all necessary methods to ensure that I will never lose him!
At that moment, it was as if her resolve hardened. She lamented to him, “I’ve never done any of that. It wasn’t me. You don’t have any evidence to drag my name through the dirt! I won’t allow you to break up with me.” 
What does she mean by not wanting us to break up? Fabian stared at her in utter confusion. 
She did not allow him to rebuff her as she had yet to finish speaking her mind. 
Coddling her belly, she said sincerely, “I’m pregnant! I have your child! We have a child!” 
Pregnant! She is pregnant! Fabian instantly suspected that she was lying; it was too much of a coincidence! He could not accept such a reality. 
Fabian shook his head and he uttered, “That’s impossible. You’re lying! All your manipulative schemes will not work on me!” 
Ashley displayed her pertinacious personality to its fullest at that moment. 
She argued, “How is it impossible? Have you forgotten what you did to me? Have you forgotten the night when we went for karaoke and the wonderful time we spent at the hotel after? I became pregnant on that fateful day. This is your child! You cannot abandon both of us irresponsibly!” 
She then grabbed his hands, placed them gently on her belly and said, “This child belongs to the both of us. Do you want him to grow up without a father figure if you end things between us now? Our child is innocent and you shouldn’t let any bias or prejudgment blind you from that! Please snap out of it!” 
Dear Fabian, you can never escape from my clutches. Surrender to your fate. 
Ashley smiled gently and whispered, “After a few more months, we will be able to hear our baby’s heartbeat. I’m carrying your flesh and blood, Fabian. I’m so happy to start a family with you and I love this child.”
Boom! The thought of having a baby struck Fabian like a bolt of lightning. 
As part of her scheming plan, she immediately embraced him and gazed at him lovingly as if the photograph incident had never occurred. 
She successfully patched things up with him and he agreed to never talk about the breakup with her again. Having achieved her motive, Ashley strutted out of Fabian’s office. She was on cloud nine and even greeted his colleagues in the office happily. Everyone around her gossiped that she was a gold digger and had an egotistical mindset; she was someone that they could not afford to offend. 
Ashley swept her gaze around the office and realized that Vivian was nowhere to be seen. If she’s here, I really will give her a piece of my mind. 
Just as she was feeling regretful of not having the chance to do that, she coincidentally bumped into Vivian who was carrying a load of folders in the corridor. 
Vivian also spotted her instantaneously. 
It seemed like such a situation was inevitable. 
At that moment, Ashley wanted to murder her. It is all because of her that Fabian grew suspicious of me. If I hadn’t vehemently denied the situation in front of him and utilized my backup plan, my relationship with Fabian would have ended!
###Chapter 182
Chapter 182 
Vivian wanted to take the lift up. Just as she changed her mind and wanted to return to the office, she was blocked by Ashley. 
Ashley demanded, “Don’t leave in such a hurry, my dear Vivian. Let’s have a chat. Aren’t you concerned about my motives for being here looking for Fabian?” 
“I’m not interested. If there’s nothing else, I’m going back to work,” muttered Vivian. 
“You’d better stay away from Fabian! This is my final warning to you. If you dare to approach Fabian again, I will personally teach you a lesson!” threatened Ashley. 
Is this what sibling love is like? Vivian had always felt that her family situation was extremely abnormal and she could never get along well with her sister. 
She rebuked, “I’m already married to my own husband. Goodbye, Ashley.” 
Ashley fiercely glared at Vivian’s retreating figure. The more she tried to shrug it off, the more guilty she felt. She was convinced that Vivian was putting up a facade. Since I made such a great effort to travel all the way to the magazine company, it would be too easy on her to let her just walk away! 
Therefore, Ashley thought of a scheming plan on the spot. 
In the afternoon when Shannon was leaving work, she received a call from Ashley. Both of them agreed to meet at a cafe. 
Ashley passed Shannon a white envelope.
When Shannon opened it, she discovered a huge amount of money. She had an inkling of what Ashley wanted her to do. It was obvious that this wad of cash had something to do with Vivian. 
Shannon smiled and stated, “You’re too kind. I’ll do anything that you need me to do.” 
With a smug smile on her face, Vivian instructed, “Actually, I need you to help me with a simple matter. You just need to keep a watchful eye over Vivian and my fiancé. If you see anything, anything at all, you must immediately report it to me. As you know, Vivian that sl*t has her seductive gaze trained on my fiancé! I cannot lose to this promiscuous woman.” 
Shannon meticulously placed the envelope into her leather bag and smiled at Ashley. 
She patted her chest and reassured her, “Don’t worry, I hate Vivian too! Her behavior is distasteful and she has been giving out unsolicited favors to the men in our magazine company! Without such slutty behavior, she wouldn’t have lasted in the company for so long!” 
Ashley chuckled. She needed an ally just like Shannon to defeat Vivian. 
So, she responded, “Thank you. I certainly look forward to working with you. The most pertinent issue is to keep this a secret from my fiancé. Do you understand?” 
Shannon nodded her head and replied, “I understand. Don’t worry and just leave it to me!” 
“That would be great,” said Ashley. 
Shannon sat at the cafe for a while after her discussion with Ashley and left after finishing her coffee. By helping her, I have a higher chance of getting a promotion and a salary raise right? 
After Shannon left, Ashley sat in the cafe alone.
She caressed her flat stomach and thought of the terrifying events that thankfully left her unscathed. At the thought of it, she felt a prick in her heart. 
I’m indeed not pregnant and I’m indeed lying to Fabian. 
I thought that by drugging him that fateful night, I could’ve gotten pregnant. I failed again; I can’t believe that I’m still not pregnant! 
Thinking back to the time when she was in Fabian’s office, she genuinely had no choice but to fabricate her pregnancy. She hoped that Fabian would stop investigating the photographs of the drugs and focus on her and her child instead. 
Clearly, Fabian is still deeply in love with Vivian. I must come up with a plan to remove Vivian from Fabian’s life and then seduce and stop him from leaving me. 
Fabian sat at the corner of the bar counter all alone, drinking a glass of whisky on ice. 
Ashley is pregnant! He still could not accept this as the truth. 
His heart felt extremely heavy. All he desired was to get drunk and become numb. He was exhausted. Not only did he fail to win the heart of the love of his life, but he also could not escape from the clutches of the one he had no feelings toward.
###Chapter 183
Chapter 183 
The child is innocent. Fabian knew he could not act irresponsibly and ruthlessly abandon the mother and child. 
However, he detested Ashley! Initially, he only wanted to exploit her to take revenge against Vivian who had cheated on him because Ashley’s scar between her eyebrows reminded him of Vivian! To his disbelief, God had played a big joke on him! 
Vivian did not cheat on him; she was just a victim! Thinking back to the past, he realized he had failed to be there for her when she needed his comfort and protection. Two years later after meeting Vivian again, he made the same mistake once more! Fabian abhorred himself. 
In Fabian’s drunken gaze, he vividly saw the Vivian he fell in love with. She was decked out in a blue dress and was running gracefully toward him as she excitedly shouted his name… 
In the past, she loved to tie her hair in a high ponytail and enjoyed going to the cinema. She would always drag him to the cinema to catch the latest movie after class ended. Moreover, she even told him that when they grew old, they could still sit in the cinema to watch their favorite movies! 
He remembered grinning at her and saying that it would be ridiculous for the cinema to still be here unchanged. Both of them then guffawed together. 
As his memory blurred, it suddenly morphed into Ashley’s face. She was gazing at him seductively as she hooked him with her finger, calling out his name and their baby… 
In his drunken state of mind, Fabian felt extremely anguished and tortured as enjoyable memories with Vivian morphed into the constant pestering by Ashley. 
Will you ever forgive me, Vivian? I miss you so much.
He rambled softly, “Vivian, Vivian…” 
Vivian was working an extra night shift. As her colleagues were leaving the office, Sarah reminded her not to burn the midnight oil and to go home earlier. 
Finnick had a meeting tonight and was not at home as well. 
As the night fell, Vivian decided to go home and started packing up her belongings. Just as she was about to switch off the office lights, Fabian suddenly barged into the office reeking of alcohol and gave her a shock. 
She hurriedly went forward to assist Fabian and exclaimed, “Have you been drinking? Why did you drink so much? Why are you here in the office? Let me send you home.” 
Fabian opened his eyes and fixed his gaze on her. It’s Vivian. He was delighted and gushed, “Vivian, it really is you! You haven’t left.” 
Vivian was clueless as to how drunk he was but she noticed that he was slurring his speech. 
“What do you want from me, Fabian? It’s late, so let’s talk tomorrow,” Vivian replied hurriedly. She wanted to get out of here. However, he was extremely inebriated and she felt uneasy leaving him here. 
Fabian grinned. He joked, “Are you avoiding me? I know you detest it when I get drunk. You said I have a poor alcohol tolerance and a bad taste in alcohol. Everything you said in the past is firmly etched in my memory.” 
Vivian sighed and griped, “What is the point of mentioning the past? Isn’t it good that we are leading our own lives now?” 
“It’s great, isn’t it?” ranted Fabian with a wry smile. “What is the point of living if it is without you?” he muttered.
“Stop saying that, Fabian…” Vivian pleaded as she felt a tinge of sympathy for him. 
To her surprise, he abruptly grabbed her shoulders tightly and bellowed, “Why can’t I say that? Although I didn’t trust you in the past, have you really stopped loving me?” 
She was stunned and her heart skipped a beat. 
“Vivian, I know you still love me. Please, get back together with me. I know I was in the wrong. I’m a jerk,” he pleaded. 
“Fabian, stop with your drunken stupor. We should go. I will send you home. Get a good night’s rest and you will wake up with a clear head,” Vivian told him. 
He took a step forward and cuddled her tightly with absolutely no intention of letting go. 
“Let go of me, Fabian! You have had too much to drink!” Vivian shrieked. She attempted to struggle out of his tight embrace but he tightened his arms around her to the extent that she had difficulty breathing. 
He continued embracing her firmly and sputtered, “It is better to get drunk because I can hug you as I did in the past! Vivian, I’ve never forgotten about you. Please do not leave me, Vivian. Please forgive me and don’t leave me…”
###Chapter 184
Chapter 184 
For a moment, Vivian’s heart softened. After all, Fabian was the lover with whom she spent the best moments of her life. 
However, nothing stayed the same; everything had changed. She met Finnick, and he… 
Thinking of Ashley, she pushed herself away from Fabian’s embrace. “Fabian, you still have Ashley. Aren’t you marrying her soon? I can see that she loves you. Both of you will be happy.” 
When Vivian mentioned Ashley, Fabian became exceptionally agitated. He seemed disgusted by her. 
He shouted, “Don’t mention her name! Do you know why I’m marrying her? That’s because the two of you look alike. I want to use her to take revenge on you. I’ve never loved her; I only have you in my heart. Vivian, I’m remorseful. I hated you so much back then because I love you. I love you, Vivian!” 
Vivian was surprised to hear Fabian’s confession. His eyes were as sincere and passionate as they used to be. 
He had been hiding his love away from her in fear; he thought she was someone bad, and he could not believe in her. Only at that moment when he risked his life to save her from the fire, did Vivian think the old Fabian was back. 
“Vivian, you’re mine. You’re mine… I want to go back to college. Let’s go back together, shall we? Let’s go back to the campus. We’re the perfect match.” The way Fabian was looking at Vivian was intense and eager. 
Fabian realized Vivian looked extraordinarily beautiful tonight. He was lost in her beauty.
The two of them were the only ones in the office. The sky had darkened, and outside the window were the city lights. It was a perfect moment to do certain things. Anyone in a place like this would have a rush of heat that surged in their veins. 
Whose youth was not wonderful? Regardless of how marvelous or tragic it was, every piece of memory would become a nostalgic moment of history after years. 
When the two became a couple, they were practically the talk of the college. He rode his bicycle to pick her up to college and sent her back home. They ate together, watched movies together, and did social work together. They were like twins, destined to be together forever. 
That bliss was frozen at that moment two years ago. After that, their happiness had shattered and faded away. Fabian’s earlier ruthlessness and indifference had become a scar in Vivian’s heart that was impossible to fix. 
Vivian said, “Fabian, we’re both adults. Let the past stay in the past. We can’t do this again.” 
“No, Vivian. Don’t. Don’t be so cruel to me…” Fabian took slow steps toward her. “Give me a chance. Give me one more chance. I’ll love you properly this time. I’ll protect you. I’ll give you everything Finnick can’t give you.” 
Vivian took a few steps back, and she eventually hit the wall in the corner. A tinge of fear coated her heart, and she muttered, “Fabian, don’t come any closer. You’re drunk. I don’t blame you for this. Don’t come any closer. I’ve fallen in love with Finnick. I’m sorry, Fabian.” 
She fell in love with someone else! 
She’s telling me she loves Finnick! 
Fabian broke down. She’s not accepting my pleads.
Perhaps it was the alcohol, or perhaps it was Fabian’s unwillingness to admit defeat. When he saw Vivian avoiding him, he rushed forward and forced her into a hug. 
His force was great, and his body was crushing hers. She could not move. 
“Fabian, stop. Fab…” Before she could finish her sentence, Vivian’s lips were sealed by Fabian’s. 
He was forcefully kissing her. He ruthlessly smashed his lips against her lips and face. Even if Vivian were struggling and begging, he could not stop kissing her. He wanted to kiss her for the rest of his life. 
The longing that was sealed in his heart for years made him unwilling to let Vivian go. He would do anything to get her back to his side. 
Fabian’s kiss was so forceful yet passionate. She could not dodge them; she was unable to defend herself at all.
###Chapter 185
Chapter 185 
Now, his hands were starting to wander. Vivian could sense a change in his body as he increased the force of his actions. 
Fabian was so obsessed with her that he wanted to do everything he could to her. 
Vivian sensed that she had to resist him. Otherwise, the consequences would be unimaginable. How will I tell Finnick? 
Mustering her strength and courage, Vivian managed to get one of her hands . 
Slap! She gave him a hard slap. Then, she shoved him away from her. 
Fabian stumbled and nearly fell. Some sense returned to him, and he froze in his spot. 
It was then he realized what he had done. Hastily, he apologized, “I’m sorry, Vivian. I-I was too agitated. Don’t be angry. Don’t… Don’t leave.” 
Vivian’s mind was in a mess. The Fabian in front of her was someone she could barely recognize. 
She shouted, “Fabian, I hate you!” 
Grabbing her purse on the table, Vivian cried as she ran off. 
Fabian collapsed onto the ground and buried his head in his knees as he curled on the ground. Remorse was swallowing him up. 
In a dark corner of the office, a woman took a photo of them kissing. 
That woman was Shannon.
Ever since Ashley asked her to monitor Vivian and Fabian, she became a spy. She was always around whenever the two were in the same space, and she had finally gotten some evidence this time. 
Curling her lips, she thought, Very well, Vivian. You’re dead meat this time. Fabian’s wife is definitely going to get rid of you from the company! You’ll see. Ha. 
Hiding in the corner, Shannon promptly sent the photo she took to Ashley. 
Meanwhile, Ashley had just returned to the Miller Residence after shopping. She threw her heels aside before lying on her bed to rest. 
She let her hair strewn across the bed as she thought about what happened in the day. Fabian knows I’m pregnant now. What will happen next? Will he propose to me? What kind of wedding gown should I wear? I must get my wedding gown from F Nation. I have to get a custom gown that catches the eyes of everyone. 
Right as Ashley was dreaming about her wedding with Fabian, she received the photo Shannon took. 
The photo could not record any sound, for it was not a video. In the photo, the two were kissing, seemingly passionately. 
Ashley trembled as the raw anger shot through her, and she threw her phone. 
Damn it! 
Have they rekindled their relationship? 
Ashley wailed as she held her head. I hate Vivian! It’s her. This is all her fault! 
Why is she always in my way? We’re already sharing a dad, a house, and the same inheritance. Now, she’s even trying to steal my man! Vivian shouldn’t have been in this world. She should die. She should
die right now! 
She’s a home-wrecker. Her mother’s a home-wrecker too. All they know how to do is to seduce men. 
Ashley jumped to her feet. She wanted to settle the score with Vivian immediately; she wanted Vivian to turn into dust right away. However, she had only reached the door when her footsteps faltered. 
No, no, no. I can’t do this by force. It won’t solve the problem. I made her life a living hell two years ago. I can do it again. I, Ashley Miller, am not one you should be messing with. 
She had to find a way to publicize this. It would end up favorable to her only if Finnick found out about this. He would break up with her the moment he found out about her true nature. 
If Vivian made Finnick a cuckold, with the man’s family background and capability, he would not be able to take it silently; Finnick would definitely divorce Vivian before making her life miserable. By then, Vivian’s life would be over without needing Ashley to do anything. 
With that thought in her mind, Ashley suddenly threw her head back and burst into laughter. The last drop of tear fell from her eyes. 
Vivian, I’m going to destroy you. I swear! 
That was what Ashley told herself. 
The next day, Finnick went to work as usual; he knew nothing about what happened. 
His work had been too hectic lately that he had somewhat neglected Vivian. Both only spared a glance for each other before they hurried along with their schedules.
###Chapter 186
Chapter 186 
Finnick planned to finish work earlier so that he could keep her company at night. 
He enjoyed the feeling of seeing Vivian when he went home. Even if she were only sitting there, reading her book, he would feel a sense of peace wash over him when he looked at her. 
Noah entered the office and informed him that a woman was insistent in meeting him. 
At the start, Finnick thought it was Yasmin, so he rejected the meeting. However, Noah shook his head. He told him it was another woman. 
Finnick froze. Who else can it be? Is it Vivian? 
Finnick then asked Noah to invite the woman into the office. 
Indeed, the woman who entered was not Yasmin. However, it was not Vivian either; it was Vivian’s younger sister, Ashley. 
Finnick never had a good impression of her. He was only polite to her because she was Vivian’s sister. 
Finnick motioned to her to take a seat. 
It was then Finnick realized Ashley had an odd look on her face as she stared at him. He thought, Something must have happened for her to come to me. 
I have to be wary. She’s here with malicious intents. 
Right then, Ashley voiced, “Mr. Norton, I have something to show you today. Don’t get angry when you see it.”
Finnick did not reply to her. He only slightly knitted his brows. 
What is she trying to do? 
By now, Ashley had taken out a photo from her purse and placed it on top of Finnick’s desk. 
Instead of looking at the photo, Finnick glanced at Ashley. 
A photo again? Is this ever going to end? 
Ashley really shares a hobby with her fiancé, Fabian. 
Ashley muttered, “What’s wrong, Mr. Norton? Are you afraid to look at the photo? Are you scared of seeing someone you don’t want to see? For example, a photo of my sister with another man?” 
Finnick sat quietly in his wheelchair as he observed her. 
She looks a lot like Vivian. She’s definitely her sister, but why is she trying to set her sister up all the time? She always see Vivian as her enemy. Is it because of Fabian? 
Finnick’s expression darkened as he said, “I know what kind of person Vivian is.” 
“Ha. Mr. Norton, well, aren’t you confident? But I’m afraid you won’t be able to repeat those words after you look at this photo,” Ashley chuckled. It was a wicked grin she had on her face as she gestured for Finnick to take a look at the photo. 
Finnick hesitated for a second before he took the photo. 
It was a blurry shot, but he could see the faces and the actions of the two in it. 
Yes. That’s Fabian and Vivian in the photo.
Moreover, Fabian was grabbing Vivian and kissing her. 
Immediately, Finnick tightened his grip on the photo and wrinkled it. 
Molten anger exploded in his chest. 
Raising his hand and looking at Ashley, he gritted out, “What are you trying to do by coming to me with this photo?” 
Finnick’s abrupt fury frightened Ashley; she had not expected him to be as angry as this. 
She answered, “Finnick, are you blind? Do you not see the affair Vivian is having with Fabian? The Vivian you love doesn’t love you. My fiancé, Fabian, is the one she loves. I just want to show you the true nature of this woman. Don’t be fooled by her soft appearance. I’m just showing you this out of goodwill.” 
“Goodwill?” Finnick sneered. His tone was frigid. “I don’t need it. If you will please, get lost.” 
The color drained from Ashley’s face. 
Why did it turn out like this? 
This isn’t the outcome I was hoping for. Why is Finnick losing his temper at me instead? 
Ashley had shown him the photo, hoping to infuriate him into leaving Vivian. She wanted to torment her and destroy her. Why did Finnick threaten me instead? 
What a love-sick idiot he is for Vivian. He can’t tell right from wrong! 
Ashley raised her voice. “You’re asking me to get lost? Vivian’s making you a cuckold. Don’t you care about that? Are you a man?”
She paused before continuing, “Finnick, I know you must be angry. I was too when I saw the photo. I wanted to chop her up into pieces at that time. She’s married to you, but she’s seducing someone else’s man. What is this? This is betrayal!” 
Finnick stared at Ashley as the last bits of his patience faded away from his eyes.
###Chapter 187
Chapter 187 
It was true that he was furious. 
However, that did not mean Ashley had the right to tell him what to do. 
If Ashley had not been a woman and Vivian’s sister, he would not have been as nice as this to her; he would not have let her curse away in front of him. 
Not wanting to waste his time on her, he muttered in a spiteful tone, “Ashley, you have no right to comment on my relationship with Vivian. This will be my last warning to you. If you target her again, I’ll make you regret it.” 
Unexpectedly, Ashley huffed, “I’m protecting my marriage and my fiancé! If Vivian seduces him again, I’ll haunt her even after my death!” 
After the words left her mouth, Ashley finally felt a trace of fear when she saw the cold fury in Finnick’s eyes. She quickly added, “Forget it, Finnick. I’ve said my piece. I hope the two of you will be happy. Goodbye.” 
Realizing that her plan did not go as well as she thought it would, Ashley turned to leave. 
However, right before she walked out of the office, she stopped in her tracks. Quietly, she mumbled, “Do you think Vivian really loves you, Finnick?” 
She then stepped out of office, leaving Finnick to wallow in his emotions. 
He pushed himself to the window and stared out at the streets. Outside the window was a busy scene. People were walking around, hurrying along in their lives. It was fate to meet someone in life. Moreover, he was not the only one she had encountered in life; there were others too.
Do you think Vivian really loves you? 
Finnick ruminated on Ashley’s words for a long while. 
He realized he could not give a definite nor confident reply to that question. 
Finnick had never been unsure about anything in his life. Yet Vivian was the one who made him feel unconfident. 
At night, when Finnick went home, he saw Vivian tidying up the wardrobe. 
She was putting all of her clothes on the bed and arranging them into categories. 
When she saw him, she muttered, “You’re back?” 
Finnick realized Vivian seemed to have many things in her mind. She sounded like she was in a daze, and a smile was not present on her face. 
Finnick’s heart sank. 
Meanwhile, Vivian did have many things in her mind. 
The trauma of being forcefully kissed by Fabian last night had yet to fade away. She was trying to relieve herself from the overwhelming anxiety in her heart by tidying up her wardrobe. 
She thought, Should I tell Finnick about Fabian forcefully kissing me? What if he gets angry about it and leaves me? What then? 
It was already somewhat taboo to mention Fabian around Finnick. Men were petty creatures. He had not forgiven her for days after the fire incident. This time, Fabian had forcefully kissed her. Will he really let me off this? Vivian did not like Finnick being angry. She wanted him to smile happily all the time.
As Vivian was lost in her thoughts, she did not realize how dark Finnick’s expression was. 
Right then, Finnick slowly stood up from the wheelchair and walked over to her. He suddenly held Vivian down and questioned, “Vivian, is there anything you’d like to tell me?” 
“N-No…” Vivian panicked even more. Has he found out about it? That’s impossible. Did Fabian tell him? 
Furrowing his brows, Finnick stared into her eyes and inquired, “Really?” 
“No… Y-Yes.” Vivian hesitated. “Yes. But don’t you already know something?” 
Finnick’s throat tightened. For a moment, he was at a loss for how to reply to her. 
He could not form the words. 
Vivian felt that she should be honest with Finnick since he had asked. Regardless of whether or not he knew about it, the two were living together, and they trusted each other. Therefore, she should tell Finnick the truth—she should tell him that Fabian had forcefully kissed her before she managed to escape from him. 
Vivian took in a deep breath and steeled herself before confessing, “Finnick, I have something to tell you. Last night, at the company…” 
Before Vivian could finish her words, Finnick pressed his lips against her and stopped them from leaving her lips.
###Chapter 188
Chapter 188 
It was a tyrannical kiss. 
The moment Vivian spoke, Finnick realized he did not want to hear Fabian’s name in her voice. 
He did not want to hear Fabian’s name ever; he wanted to erase Fabian from Vivian’s heart. 
Finnick did not want to let any man other than him appear in her heart. 
As Finnick attacked her with the kiss, Vivian’s heart melted. 
She lay on the bed, pleasantly numb, as Finnick kissed her lovingly. Her body relaxed, and she felt as if she would enter heaven at any time. 
It was a strong kiss, as though it was trying to root itself in her heart. Vivian was lost in it. She loved how he kissed her lips. It was like his heart was thumping against hers and sending sparks flying in her heart. 
The two kissed each other passionately. Vivian could feel Finnick’s heart thumping faster and faster. She was prepared for him. He tugged her shirt up and revealed the fair skin under. 
Right when the two were about to lose themselves in their instincts, Vivian’s phone rang. 
Her phone was on the table above Vivian’s head. Finnick raised his head to glance at it. It was from Fabian. 
It’s already so late, but Fabian is calling Vivian. 
Damn it.
Finnick became more displeased. 
Vivian queried, “Who’s calling me this late at night?” 
Finnick coldly replied, “It’s Fabian.” 
Like a child who had done something wrong, Vivian panicked. She wanted to take the call, but Finnick stopped her. 
Without hesitation, he accepted Fabian’s call. 
Vivian’s eyes widened. 
Fabian did not know Finnick was right beside her. He just kept apologizing. 
“Vivian, I’m sorry. Please forgive me. I’m an animal. How can I hurt you like this? Don’t be angry with me. I was drunk. But I was sincere with my words. Vivian, do you hear me? Vivian?” 
Hearing Fabian’s voice, Vivian wanted to ask him to shut up. However, Finnick was swift in sealing her lips with his; she could not speak. 
Finnick continued pressing down on her lips as he slowly unbuttoned her clothes. One, two, three… Eventually, her bra was exposed to the air. His hand wandered on her body as he continued kissing her passionately. 
Vivian smacked Finnick, wanting him to stop. However, he ignored her slaps; he continued to kiss her fervently as he pressed his body onto hers. 
Fabian knew nothing of what was going on at the other end of the line. He thought Vivian was silent because she was angry. All he could do was continue begging. “Vivian, I know you’re angry. You don’t
talk and you sulk when you’re angry. I was foolish to have done that that night. It’s my fault. Don’t punish yourself for that…” 
Vivian remained silent, but odd sounds came from the other end of the line. 
Finnick took off all of Vivian’s clothes and threw them onto the floor, leaving them scattered. 
His two hands held down Vivian’s, making her unable to break of him. 
He stared at her with such intensity as though he wanted to swallow her whole. A bright fire was burning in his eyes. 
The more Vivian wriggled, the more force Finnick used. The angrier Finnick became, the more he wanted to torment Fabian. 
Fabian leaned closer to the phone and asked, puzzled, “Vivian, are you listening? Have you told Finnick about this? It’s best if you don’t. This is our secret that only we know. We’ll deal with this ourselves, okay? Vivian, can you give me another chance?” 
Finnick did not care what Fabian was saying in the call. All he knew was that he could do anything he wanted as long as Vivian was by his side. She was his wife. Give up and get lost, you jerk! 
Afraid that Fabian would hear her, Vivian whispered, “Finnick, aren’t you crossing the line? You can’t do this.” 
Finnick’s gaze was fixed on Vivian’s body. Doesn’t she know what I’m doing? Finnick wanted her to know who was her husband, and who was the one meant to be with her.
###Chapter 189
Chapter 189 
He wanted Vivian to react to his teasing. It was even better if she could not help but let the sounds escape her. He was going to do everything he could to make Vivian submit to him. 
Vivian turned her head to the side, but Finnick’s lips followed hers. Like a magnet, his lips touched hers again, and his tongue wandered in. She could feel him acutely, and her entire body shuddered. She quietly clenched her jaw and tried to suppress the urge to cry out. 
Fabian seemed to have sensed something, but he could barely believe what he had heard. He anxiously yelled, “Vivian, what’s wrong? Vivian!” 
Vivian was embarrassed to let a third party hear her while Finnick and her were engaged in an act like this. What the hell is this? 
She gritted her teeth, not wanting herself to make those sounds. She was angry, but she could not stop Finnick’s invasion. Instead of stopping, Finnick continued with even more vigor. 
Finnick’s action was a disregard of her feelings. Vivian felt humiliated. She trusted Finnick, but he was doing this to her. She could not accept it. 
“Finnick, stop. Y-You’re being mean to me…” 
Vivian wondered if Finnick thought of her as an easy woman because of her incident two years ago. She wondered if he thought of her body as uncleaned and therefore her dignity no longer existed. At that moment, he was no different from that horrible man. 
The only difference was that Finnick was someone she loved while that man from two years ago was not. Regardless, this was not a good reason for Finnick to do this to her without her consent.
“Finnick, do you have to be like this? I beg you. Please don’t…” Vivian pleaded. 
However, Finnick was unmoved by her words. He only uttered, “Vivian, this is your punishment.” 
It seemed like Finnick had found out about Fabian forcefully kissing her. Vivian could understand his anger and jealousy. 
However, that did not mean that he could punish her in this awful way. 
Her husband who protected and loved her like a guardian angel had turned into a demon that night. 
With that thought in her mind, Vivian could not stop the tears from escaping her eyes. 
Fabian was in a panic and shouting on the other end of the line. “Finnick, you asshle! Let Vivian go! Come at me! I’m waiting for you! What kind of man are you to hurt Vivian instead? Fcking talk, Finnick!” 
Finnick wanted Fabian to remember to not lay a finger on his woman for the rest of his life. 
How dare he kiss Vivian forcefully? Who does he think he is? He’s just Vivian’s ex-boyfriend. Finnick wanted to remind Fabian that he was Vivian’s husband. 
Fabian bellowed, “Vivian! Finnick, how dare you! How dare you!” 
Vivian tried her best not to make overly loud sounds, but Fabian could still hear the quiet moans and Finnick’s deep voice. Fabian was quivering with rage. 
He could not bear to listen anymore; his heart was already in pieces. 
Fabian threw his phone onto the ground and starting crying. 
The woman he loved was currently sleeping with another man. The other man had all of her. That was meant to be Fabian’s right, yet he could do nothing now.
The call finally ended. 
At the same time, Finnick stopped attacking her. 
Vivian shoved Finnick away from her as she hurriedly put on her clothes. Her face was tear-stricken. 
He had achieved his aim. But why don’t I feel happy about it? Finnick asked himself. 
Standing up, Vivian looked at the man on the bed and roared, “Finnick, you’ve gone overboard!” 
With that said, she ran off. 
Vivian spent the night in the guest room while Finnick lay awake until the sun came up. 
The next day, Vivian left the house early. The two never encountered. 
At night, when Finnick came back, Vivian was already at home. After dinner, she retreated to the bedroom.
###Chapter 190
Chapter 190 
Finnick, too, did not wish to speak; he remained silent. 
Vivian lay on the bed nearing the edge, leaving a large space for Finnick. 
Her eyes were shut, and it seemed like she was already asleep. 
After Finnick entered the room and glanced at her, he sighed. He took the blanket and pillow and placed them on his lap before he pushed himself to the study room to sleep; he left Vivian to sleep in the bedroom. 
In the morning, when the two were having their breakfast, both were equally indifferent to each other. The usual chat and intimacy they had were no longer present. It was as if they had become strangers overnight. 
The two gave each other the cold shoulder. Even the servants at home had noticed it. They thought, They’re such a perfect pair. Why did they have a falling out? Shouldn’t married couples make up quickly? It’s been days, but they’re still giving each other the cold shoulder. How worrisome. 
However, the servants did not dare to utter a word about the matter. Therefore, the house was quieter than it usually was. 
Neither wanted to speak with each other; the two of them were angry. 
Finnick thought Vivian was angry because she was embarrassed by how he had made Fabian hear the sounds she made when he was teasing her. Maybe she’s concerned about what Fabian thinks of her. 
The thought of it infuriated Finnick further.
Unbeknownst to him, Vivian was furious because he had not shown respect to her. An act like that was meant to be consensual, but Finnick had made it horrible. 
One day, Vivian was on her way to work when Finnick’s car sped past her. He did not slow down nor come to a stop beside her as if she did not exist in his world. 
In the past, Finnick would always stop by at the junction to wait for her. Then, he would send her to the entrance of the subway before he left. 
With a hung head, Vivian eventually reached her office. 
Fabian looked out of his office window and saw her when she arrived. He realized she looked pallid recently, and she seemed tired. However, he dared not ask her about it. 
Ever since that night, he had been avoiding her, fearing she would be angry or awkward with him. 
All he could do was feel anxious quietly. 
Everyone in the office was cheering, seemingly celebrating something. 
Sarah rushed forward to give Vivian a bear hug. 
Her smile was so wide that her eyes were crescents. She said, “Vivian, do you know this? The news we had about Mr. Norton and Yasmin not only increased the sales of that issue, but it also became the highest monthly sales! Vivian, we won!” 
Everyone clapped for Vivian’s team and said that they had to learn from them. 
Just then, Lesley walked over. “Another great news for all of you. The company has decided to reward us for our outstanding performance! Since it’s almost time for our company trip, we can bring our family along this time!”
“Wow!” “That’s amazing!” “We’re so lucky!” “Ms. Jenson’s the best!” Everyone was cheering. 
Affected by the merry atmosphere, a smile finally broke out on Vivian’s face. 
Sarah muttered to Jenny, “I don’t need to ask. I know you’re definitely bringing your husband along. I’m a goner. I don’t know which boyfriend to bring. I’m scared whoever gets left behind will feel jealous. Ms. Jenson, can I bring both? Haha!” 
Amused by Sarah, Lesley replied, “You silly girl!” 
Jenny knew Sarah well. She said, “Forget it. It’s already a miracle for you to bring one along. Stop your nonsense! You’re single despite your age. We’re all anxious for you.” 
Sarah giggled. 
Shannon suddenly stood up from her chair. With ill intentions, she inquired, “Vivian, I wonder which one you’re bringing. Will you bring the husband you married so abruptly or some other men?” 
The noisy office fell silent right after the staff members heard Shannon’s loud question. 
Everyone was curious about Vivian’s husband. What does he look like? Who is he? 
It was then Sarah recalled the reason behind the news’ success. It was because Vivian’s husband worked at Finnor Group. Without her husband’s information, they could never lay their hands on a photo of Finnick and Yasmin. 
Sarah muttered, “Shut up, Shannon. I won’t let you say things like that to Vivian. If not for her husband providing her the information, how can our company be as glorious as it is now? Vivian, am I right?”
###Chapter 191
Chapter 191 
Vivian’s heart skipped a beat. 
All she could do was agree with Sarah as she awkwardly laughed. “It’s nothing. He didn’t do much. It was something simple for him. Don’t expect too much from him.” 
Sarah continued, “I don’t care. He’s the savior of our company. Vivian, you have to bring your husband along to the company trip this time. We have to thank him for what he’s done. He’s really our savior. Aren’t I right, guys?” 
“Obviously!” Everyone agreed with Sarah’s suggestion. 
Shannon sat back down, upset and huffing. She thought, Yes, yes. Continue smiling. You’ve already crossed the chief editor’s wife. Ashley looks like someone you should never cross. Let’s see how much longer you’ll be happy, Vivian. 
Everyone in the office was keen to meet Vivian’s husband. 
However, Vivian and Finnick were still giving each other the cold shoulder. She was stumped. She did not know what answer she should give them. 
She was conflicted. 
She was still angry with Finnick, and she did not want to bring him along on her company trip. However, if she did not, everyone would start to doubt her. 
However, if she did, then everyone would find out that her husband was the popular president of Finnor Group, Finnick Norton. The latter is worse!
Pretending to have suddenly thought of something, Vivian said to Sarah, “Sarah, I left my bag downstairs. Let me go and take it. Help me take the calls for a while.” 
At that, Vivian left the office with a reddened face. 
Her colleagues started discussing. They wondered if her husband was abnormally ugly, and if that was the reason she was embarrassed to bring him along. They even wondered if perhaps she did not even have a husband. Maybe it was an illicit lover or an old friend. Otherwise, why else would that person help her with this? That person would be doomed if Finnick found out about it. Their life would be over. 
Right then, Shannon added fuel to the fire. “Look at that cheap ring on her finger, and you’ll know what kind of husband she has. He must not be someone important; he must be a minor character working in Finnor Group. He’s no one to brag about. Why do you even need to think about this?” 
Jenny could not bear to continue listening. She huffed, “Shannon, what do you know? You only know how to talk rubbish. Can’t you be someone nicer? Why are you talking bad about someone’s husband?” 
Immediately, the group of people lost themselves in their thoughts as they tried to imagine what kind of person Vivian’s husband was. 
At Finnor Group. 
Finnick looked at the invitation letter for a charity auction on the table with a frown. 
This was his grandfather’s friend’s charity auction, and his attendance was compulsory. However, he had to bring someone along with him. 
He was stumped. 
Will Vivian go with me?
After work, when Vivian reached home, Finnick was already in the house. 
Vivian did not know what to say to Finnick when she saw him. 
She had been thinking about many things these few days. Maybe Finnick loves me too much. That’s why his reaction was so intense. After all, it was her fault to have been forcefully kissed by Fabian. It was normal for Finnick to lose his temper. If he did not, that meant he was not jealous, and he did not care about her. His anger represented his love for her. 
During these few days of giving each other the cold shoulder, the two bore thoughts of making up to each other. Yet, they were too prideful to be the first to apologize. 
Finnick gripped the invitation letter as he thought, Maybe this is a good chance for me to fix our relationship. 
Vivian had been ignoring him for days, and he had been lonely. The smile was absent from his face, and he kept frowning. It was obvious he was suffering from the cold shoulder. 
Finnick handed the invitation letter to Vivian and murmured, “Vivian, this is an invitation letter to a charity auction. Let’s go together.” 
Vivian took it, but she did not look at it. 
She could not bring herself to forgive him yet; she was still angry. She was angry that Finnick was pretending as if nothing had happened. He really doesn’t care about my feelings. He doesn’t realize that the scar in my heart has yet to recover. 
She replied, “I’ve never attended a charity auction as high-end as this. I’m afraid I’ll embarrass both you and me.”
###Chapter 192
Chapter 192 
Hearing Vivian’s rejection, Finnick’s expression turned grim. He persuaded, “This is Grandpa’s friend’s charity auction. If you don’t attend it, Grandpa will be angry. He’s nice to you.” 
Vivian could not possibly embarrass Finnick’s grandfather. Moreover, she was afraid that he might become angry after realizing something amiss about her relationship with Finnick. 
Thus, Vivian nodded, agreeing to go with him. 
However, she did not own any pretty evening gown, nor did she know how to dress herself up. She felt conflicted. 
His heart skipped a beat when he saw her pursing her lips. She looked as cute as a baby when she was troubled. 
Finnick swiftly called Noah and told him to make the necessary arrangements. As Vivian refused to publicly announce her identity, he had to rely on Noah to make the arrangements for dressing her up. 
Vivian shot him a look of gratitude. However, she did not forgive him yet. 
The two were silent for a moment before Finnick suddenly said to Vivian, “I don’t want to sleep in the study room tonight.” 
Vivian’s heart softened. The study room was not as comfortable as the bed. He had suffered in the past few days. 
Yet, she replied, “This is your house and your bed. You’re the owner of this house. You can do whatever you want.”
Hence, Finnick returned to the bedroom, and the two slept on their side of the bed. 
The next day, as arranged by Noah, Vivian went to a high-end club. She first went to the spa. Her moodiness from the past few days had faded away as she breathed in the fragrance of the essential oils during her massage session. Her mood was now much better than it was. 
Vivian, who was a natural beauty, wore only light makeup. With an updo, she looked phenomenally outstanding. 
Vivian put on the dress that Finnick had prepared for her. A famous fashion designer, Alex, designed the minimalistic mint green dress. The wearer would look lively yet noble in it. 
Everyone present, including Noah, could not help but express their awe. 
Noah was shocked. Clothing does make the woman! 
Mrs. Norton’s a beauty. 
Finnick hurried over to the lobby to wait for Vivian’s arrival. 
He was in a suit, looking smart and handsome as usual. Although he was in a wheelchair, it did not affect his charm. He was like a witch who cast a spell over the women and made them look at him. 
When Vivian walked through the door, Finnick blinked in surprise. 
She’s beautiful. She’s like a real princess. Elegant and youthful. I can’t tear my eyes away from the way she’s moving. 
Although the two were still giving each other the cold shoulder, they were in Finnick’s grandfather’s friend’s charity auction. Both had silently agreed to head to the auction together.
The auction took place in a five-star hotel. Finnick pushed himself in as the well-dressed Vivian walked beside him. The pair attracted the eyes of many. 
When they entered the auction hall, the first people they encountered were Fabian and Ashley. 
Ashley had a look of jealousy and envy in her eyes. 
Ever since Vivian met Finnick, she had gone from rags to riches. 
In the past, her clothes were all the cheapest kinds; she could never walk beside Ashley on the street. Strangers who saw them would think that Vivian was a maid of Ashley’s family. 
Yet now, Vivian had appeared in an auction for the rich in a stunning dress. 
Fabian, too, could not tear his eyes away from her. Vivian was gorgeous. It was as if the woman in front of him was not her but the classic princess of an old movie. 
Ashley stepped forward and mocked, “Oh my, is this my sister? The ugly duckling has turned into the swan!” 
Finnick shot a glare at Ashley. 
Ashley’s heart shuddered, and she quickly shut her mouth and turned her head aside. 
Finnick pushed himself in front of Fabian and uttered, “Don’t think of getting what does not belong to you. It’s different from an auction. The highest bidder won’t be the winner; the winner is the one who wins over the heart.” 
Finnick’s words exuded a sense of oppression.
He and Vivian were legal husband and wife. No matter what Finnick said or did, Fabian had no words to refute. He could not intervene in their matters either. All he could do was to watch from aside.
###Chapter 193
Chapter 193 
Vivian ignored the two men’s silent fight. She was preoccupied with the feeling of awkwardness when she thought about Fabian’s forceful kiss and the call from a few days ago. 
Furthermore, she had a habit—she always needed to use the restroom whenever she felt awkward. 
She informed Finnick, “You can go ahead. I need to use the restroom.” 
Before Finnick could reply to her, Vivian walked away with a lowered head. 
Rolling her eyes at Vivian, Ashley said to Fabian, “Let’s go in too.” 
With that said, she dragged Fabian into the inner hall. 
After washing her hands, she looked at herself in the mirror. Something about her looked different, yet parts of her remained the same. Am I Mrs. Norton or that miserable Vivian back then? Who am I? Vivian spaced out. 
On the way back to the hall, Vivian encountered someone, and the two nearly collided. 
She raised her head to look before zing. 
It was the celebrity, Yasmin. She’s here too. 
Yasmin was dressed as glamorously as ever. She had a good figure, and naturally, she would want to show it off. That had always been her way of life. Moreover, she was dressed in this way to attract the attention of others, especially Finnick. 
Yasmin was puzzled and annoyed. Vivian is here in a place like this? She’s average-looking with an average figure. She doesn’t even come from a rich or powerful family. Who invited her here?
Could it be Finnick? Yasmin immediately shook off the thought. I heard Finnick came with his wife. 
She glanced at Vivian’s luxurious dress with jealousy. “You’re wearing especially well today. Which rich man are you planning to seduce? Vivian, you never change. How can someone like you come to an event like this? Grow a brain and scram!” 
Vivian was also sick of Yasmin. She did not want to waste her breath arguing with the woman. 
She took a step aside, planning to walk past Yasmin. She muttered, “I’m sorry. Please move aside. I’m going inside.” 
Yasmin stuck out her arm to stop her. 
“Don’t be in a hurry to leave. I’m not done yet.” Yasmin blocked her way. 
“You and Mr. Norton were in a rush to leave the restaurant the last time we met. I didn’t get to see you that well yet. I want to take a good look at what kind of a person you are to bewitch Mr. Norton. This is the first time I’ve seen him so concerned about a woman.” 
Vivian tamped down the disgust that rose in her chest. She was also blaming herself. If not for the company, Finnick would not have invited Yasmin to a meal. Things would not have turned out as complicated as this. 
Yasmin continued, “Do you know who’s here today? Finnick from Finnor Group and his wife. Although I’ve never seen Mrs. Norton before, I’m sure she’s someone who has a high social status and comes from a respectable family. As for you, you’re just a lowly peasant. How can you possibly be compared to her?” 
Vivian thought, I am Mrs. Norton. How do I compare with myself? Childish.
The more Yasmin said, the more excited she became. “What’s wrong? Are you scared now? If you are, get lost quickly!” 
Vivian had the urge to laugh. Is she really that concerned about the title of Mrs. Norton? Does she really think she’s his mistress? Even if others enjoyed being Mrs. Norton, Vivian did not. She was Vivian William, and she would not change herself for anyone. 
She said to Yasmin, “I don’t care about Mrs. Norton. I’m here to attend the auction, not to fight with you. Ms. Ziller, please move aside.” 
Yasmin scrunched her nose. 
How infuriating! 
What Yasmin hated the most was Vivian’s look of disinterest. We are both interested in Finnick, so what’s the point of you pretending that you’re not? 
To Yasmin, Vivian was playing innocent. She looks pitiful and obedient, but she’s just a stepford smiler. Yasmin had come across plenty of people like her. 
Pushing Vivian, she voiced, “So what if you look presentable today? When you’re in front of the noble Mrs. Norton, you’ll want the ground to swallow you up. When that happens, let’s see what Mr. Norton does to you. He’ll never talk to you in front of his wife. You’re nothing but a joke to Mrs. Norton. I’d suggest for you to leave now. You’re only going to suffer when you embarrass yourself at the auction later.”
###Chapter 194
Chapter 194 
It was morally wrong, but people in this world were divided into categories based on the power and money they had. 
In society, those with money were the ones who enjoyed a luxurious life. Meanwhile, those who did not have to live a tough life. What about happiness and health? What category would that be fitted into? Vivian felt that she and Yasmin were people who had vastly different world views. 
Vivian questioned her instead, “What about you? Who do you think you are to Mrs. Norton?” 
“M-Me?” Yasmin barked out a laugh before continuing, “I’m the famous Yasmin Ziller. I’m somebody. Moreover, I’m the ambassador of Finnor Group. Even Mr. Finnick Norton has to greet me politely, not to mention his wife.” 
The one standing in front of you is the Mrs. Norton you’re talking about. What a pity you don’t know, Vivian thought. It’s tough being Mrs. Norton. 
Yasmin whipped her smooth hair, and the aromatic scent of perfume wafted across Vivian’s nose. Attacked by the sudden smell, Vivian sneezed. 
Mockingly, Yasmin muttered, “I heard the items in the auction today are worth millions. I’m surprised you’re trying to show off with your meagre salary. The guests today are all billionaires, and they spend hundreds of millions on each purchase. All you can do is to watch them. You can’t afford anything here at all.” 
Vivian only smiled at her. She was here with Finnick. If not for his grandfather, she would not have come to a place like this.
She did not like auctions, feeling that it was a place that rich people show off their money. Although this was a charity auction, something was still off about it. 
“Vivian, what are you thinking about? Get lost if you don’t have the money. You’re not welcomed here.” 
Yasmin pushed Vivian again; this time, she pushed her harder. 
Vivian’s body leaned backward. She was already balancing precariously on her high heels. With that push, she was about to fall. 
Right then, Finnick appeared behind her and caught her with his wheelchair. 
When Yasmin saw Finnick, she instantly put on a smile and greeted him. 
“Mr. Norton!” Yasmin’s voice was coated with sugar. 
Finnick ignored her as he grabbed Vivian’s icy hands. Frowning, he asked, “Where did you go just now? You took quite a while.” 
Vivian smiled. His timely appearance made her feel moved. 
She replied, “I’m fine. Don’t worry. I met Yasmin, and we had a chat. It’s nothing.” 
Finnick reached out to tidy up Vivian’s clothes. He only nodded after making sure she was fine. 
Meanwhile, ignored at a side, Yasmin’s mouth was hanging wide. 
Is he bewitched? He’s always so protective of Vivian, and the way he looks at her is so gentle. Yet, every time Finnick looked at Yasmin, he was glaring at her with a glacial look. 
The envy Yasmin had for Vivian was killing her. Finnick and Vivian were displaying their love in broad daylight. What about Mrs. Norton? Aren’t they afraid that Mrs. Norton will find out about their affair?
A thought entered Yasmin with a jolt. She suddenly realized something. She could barely believe it. 
Could it be… 
Vivian is Finnick’s wife? Is that why they’re being so obvious about it? 
Vivian and Finnick both looked at Yasmin at the same time. With the two standing together, Yasmin could see that they were both wearing identical rings. 
She jabbed a finger at Vivian, and muttered in a trembling voice, “Y-You can’t possibly be Mrs. Norton, can you?” 
Vivian and Finnick entered the inner auction hall, leaving the stupefied Yasmin rooted to the spot. 
What will Yasmin think about after finding out the truth? Will she want to turn back the time to change what she has said? She’s definitely going to cry over the impulsive words she’s said. 
When Vivian thought about how Yasmin paled earlier, she could not help but chuckle. 
Finnick raised his head and saw her smile. After days of giving each other the cold shoulder, he finally saw her smile. Finnick’s mood lifted. 
The two slowly walked in silence. 
In the auction, everyone had to donate something. Every money that the auction earned was to be donated to charity. First, they had to go to the storage room to register their item. Then, they would wait for the auction to begin.
###Chapter 195
Chapter 195 
The two came to the outside of the storage room. 
Several people were already registering their items. The items they were donating were exquisite, and they were things that had a certain collection value. 
When the staff asked Vivian where was her item for auction, Vivian’s brows furrowed. She exclaimed, “Oh no, I’ve forgotten to bring something along today!” 
The staff member looked at her in surprise. There are people who don’t bring anything to a charity auction? This is my first time meeting with a lady this weird? 
Vivian’s face flushed, feeling embarrassed in front of the staff member. The staff must think I’m a scammer who’s here to scam some food and drinks. 
When Finnick saw Vivian standing still like a child who had done something wrong, he took out a blue velvet box from his bag. 
He then asked a staff member to open it, telling them that this was Mrs. Norton’s donation for the day. 
Finnick had prepared the item for her, but the staff had been too quick to ask her about it; he could not hand it to them in time. 
When the staff member saw the intricate velvet box, he wondered what kind of treasure was in it. The moment he opened the box, he was stunned. 
Mrs. Norton’s donation was an extravagant diamond necklace. On the necklace was a total of nine diamonds, and each diamond was top grade. The workmanship was exquisite, and overall, the
necklace was magnificent. Mrs. Norton’s so generous! There’s finally something to look forward to for the auction today. 
The staff member nearly drooled while staring at it. 
Even Vivian was dumbfounded as well. She had never seen something as pretty as this diamond necklace. 
Finnick asked, “Do you like it? If you do, we’ll auction something else. I’ll gift this to you instead.” 
“No, no.” Vivian hurriedly waved her hand; she could not afford to wear something like that. 
“It’s pretty, but I’d rather donate it to the auction. This way, we can help more people, and it’ll be worth more than its original value.” 
These were the parts that Finnick liked about Vivian—her kindness and guilelessness. If it were not her but some other women, she would have been attracted by the diamond necklace. In fact, she would have insisted on owning the necklace. 
There were few women who did not love money, and Vivian was one of the few. Finnick had never expected this when he first met her. 
Vivian was moved by how he had prepared an expensive auction item for her today. She looked at him gratefully. 
Finnick gave her a smile, and his eyes were filled with adoration for her. 
By now, the majority of the anger Vivian had for Finnick had faded away. 
The staff member placed the diamond necklace at the most prominent spot. He uttered, “Mr. Norton, Mrs. Norton. You may now take a seat in the hall.” Upon hearing that, the two left.
Just as they left, Ashley came with her auction item. 
Everything in the storage room was expensive and the best, including jewelry, cultural relics, and paintings. The beauty of them overwhelmed Ashley. 
The item that caught her eye the most was a diamond necklace placed in the middle. None of the other auction items were comparable to the diamond necklace. 
Pointing at the diamond necklace, Ashley asked one of the staff, “Who donated this necklace?” 
The staff glanced at the list and answered, “This is by Mrs. Norton from the Finnor Group.” The staff then said, “Isn’t it beautiful? This is the first time I’ve seen a diamond necklace as heavenly as this. I heard it’s custom-made in Africa, and there are only three in the entire world. This is one of them.” 
The staff member thought his explanation would pique Ashley’s interest, but to his surprise, Ashley rolled her eyes at him instead. 
When Ashley realized Vivian was donating such an expensive necklace, jealousy surged in her veins. This was a charity auction for the rich. Ashley refused to let Vivian steal the limelight from her; she had to win her! 
The staff member now looked upset as he asked Ashley, “May I know what you’ll be donating today?”
###Chapter 196
Chapter 196 
Ashley prepared a limited edition Hermes bag for the charity auction. 
After a thorough authentication process, the staff member said, “Alright, Ms. Miller. I’ve recorded your auction item. Please take a seat in the hall.” 
Ashley was still racking her brains on how to sabotage Vivian’s auction when the staff finished identifying her designer handbag. Suddenly, a malicious smile flickered across her face as an idea popped into her mind. 
She smiled courteously at the staff. “I admire your working attitude! How about we become friends?” 
Meanwhile, Xavier was also present at the popular auction event. After greeting Finnick and Vivian, he rushed off to catch up with the others. 
Other than Xavier and a few others, the faces in the hall were unfamiliar to Vivian. 
On the contrary, most of them knew Finnick well enough to exchange pleasantries with him. Upon knowing that Vivian was his wife, they couldn’t help but cast curious glances at her. Every second spent in the hall was getting more unsettling for Vivian. Sensing her anxiety, Finnick patted the back of her hand gently. 
Finnick reassured, “You’ll get used to these occasions. Don’t worry, I’m here for you.” 
“Okay.” Vivian certainly felt better after Finnick’s encouragement. 
Fabian hadn’t taken his eyes off Vivian from the moment she entered the hall.
While he understood that Vivian was new to grand occasions like the auction event, he couldn’t help but feel bitter at the sight of her leaning close to Finnick. 
His heart throbbed painfully at the realization that Vivian’s heart no longer belonged to him. 
Fabian wanted to go forward and greet Vivian, but he couldn’t find any excuse to do so as Ashley was keeping an eye on him. 
When the auction was about to begin, Vivian rushed off to the toilet again because she was too nervous. 
Finnick offered, “Do you need me to accompany you?” 
Vivian shook her head in response and dashed off with her bag. 
Before Fabian could follow her, Ashley turned towards him and said, “I’m leaving for a while, Fabian. It won’t take too long.” 
He couldn’t possibly go after Vivian when Ashley was heading in the same direction as her. Deciding that it wasn’t a wise move to upset his pregnant wife, he stayed put. 
When Ashley tiptoed into the restroom, Vivian just entered a cubicle and forgot her bag on the basin. 
Ashley’s initial plan was to rope in the staff members and destroy Vivian’s diamond necklace, but she couldn’t resist the urge to try her luck by following Vivian to the restroom. 
It turned out that she was having a stroke of good luck that day. Vivian conveniently left her bag on the basin! 
What else could be more perfect than this?
Careful not to make any noise, Ashley rummaged through Vivian’s bag. Her face lit up with delight when she found an that would surely embarrass Vivian in public. 
Chuckling under her breath, she sneaked out of the restroom and made her way to the storage room before anyone could notice her. 
Vivian only exited the cubicle after Ashley was long gone. When she opened her bag to get her lipstick, she realized in horror that her amulet was missing. Vivian’s mother went to great lengths to obtain the amulet for her years ago. She had carried it with her in her bag ever since. How could it vanish all of a sudden? 
After a frantic search, she poured out the contents of her bag. Her lipstick, tissue, phone, and keys tumbled into the sink, but she couldn’t find her amulet anywhere else in the restroom. 
Could it have dropped out of my bag in the hall? 
Vivian rushed out of the toilet and ran into a man before she could see him. She felt a splitting headache from the force of the collision.
###Chapter 197
Chapter 197 
“Ouch!” Vivian yelled instinctively. 
“Are you alright, miss?” The man responsible for the cause of Vivian’s headache asked nervously. 
His mind couldn’t quite comprehend what had happened. Brushing off the possibility that the woman might have thrown herself at him purposely to gather his attention, he helped her steady herself gentlemanly nevertheless. 
The man studied Vivian carefully. The way her eyes sparkled warmly in contrast to her elegant dress desired him to look closer. The only thing that seemed off about the beautiful lady was the way her eyes darted around skittishly. 
“I’m fine… I’m fine. So sorry for knocking into you.” As Vivian leveled her gaze with the man, she fell into a daze. 
How charming. 
The man in front of her had all the perfect features that anyone could dream of. His nose was straight and finely shaped, and his lips were thin but rather elegant. The way his bright eyes adorned with long eyelashes shone was extremely captivating. 
Vivian couldn’t help but feel a little self-conscious in front of the man with ethereal looks. 
The man watched with curiosity as she gaped at him with the weirdest expression he had ever seen. It was a combination of awe and amusement. 
What a funny expression. I wonder what is on her mind?
“Miss, are you sure you’re alright?” The man asked carefully. 
Finally aware that she had been looking at him like an idiot, Vivian grinned sheepishly and answered, “I’m fine. It was nothing.” 
The man looked relieved. “Are you here for the auction as well?” 
“Yes!” Vivian beamed. “I reckon that you’re here for that too?” 
“Yes.” Sensing that Vivian was about to fall into a trance again, he quickly reminded her, “You seemed to be in a hurry a minute ago. Is there a problem?” 
Vivian gave herself a mental slap. Damn it! How can I be distracted by a handsome guy and forget about my amulet? 
She found it strange to be attracted to the man before her because she wasn’t the type of woman to swoon over good-looking men. For some reason, she felt strangely familiar to the man standing before her. 
“Oh, yes! There’s something that I need to do. Thank you for reminding me!” Vivian replied hastily in an attempt to conceal her thoughts. “Please excuse me.” 
No sooner as she stepped forward, she felt her stilettos slipping beneath her as she hadn’t really gotten used to wearing high-heels. Uh-oh. 
Vivian yelped in fright as she lost her balance. Just as she thought that she was going to make a fool of herself in front of the public, Finnick rushed to her aid in his wheelchair at top speed and saved her from the embarrassment. 
Phew… that was close!
Vivian felt her heart pounding rapidly against her ribcage. Grateful that Finnick saved her again, she whispered a “thank you” to him. 
However, Finnick didn’t appear to hear her. Vivian turned around and noticed that he was staring daggers at the man whom she previously bumped into. 
Instead of greeting one another, the two men remained glaring at each other after a long time. Guessing that they must have some bad blood between them in the past, Vivian asked warily, “Do you know each other?” 
Only then did Finnick look away. 
The man could see that Vivian and Finnick knew each other well, but he couldn’t make out whether they were on good terms or not. Eventually, he broke the silence. “It’s been a long time, Finnick. What a small world.” 
Finnick didn’t respond. 
The way he lamented “what a small world” implied his reluctance of meeting Finnick. Is he one of Finnor Group’s business rivals? Vivian felt perplexed because the handsome man before her didn’t look vicious in the least. 
Ignoring Finnick’s aloofness, he stretched a friendly hand out to Vivian. “Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Benedict. May I know yours?” 
Benedict. Vivian couldn’t help admiring his looks again. 
Vivian took his hand and shook it gently. “Hello, Benedict. I’m Vivian, Finnick’s…”
Vivian was interrupted by Finnick’s abrupt cough before she could finish. “Alright, we should make a move. I believe the auction is going to start anytime now.” 
Vivian gave Benedict a polite smile and waved goodbye to him.
###Chapter 198
Chapter 198 
Just as they were about to leave, Benedict blurted, “She’s your wife, isn’t she?” 
Vivian and Finnick turned around. Finnick glared at Benedict icily for a moment before replying, “Yes.” 
As Finnick turned around to leave, Vivian thought she heard Benedict snort. His words, however low, were audible. “She’s not even close to Evelyn.” 
Evelyn? 
Evelyn Morrison? 
Vivian froze in her tracks. However, she was pulled away by Finnick before recovering from the shock. 
Walking away, Vivian wondered what Finnick’s relationship with Benedict was. How did Benedict know about Evelyn? Were they friends in the past? Did Benedict love Evelyn just as Finnick did? 
When Benedict mentioned Evelyn earlier, Vivian glimpsed the hints of sorrow in Finnick’s eyes. He must have missed her dearly. 
She couldn’t help asking, “Finnick, who is Benedict? Why do you dislike him?” 
Finnick pretended that he didn’t hear her. 
Meanwhile, having executed her plan, Ashley went back to the auction hall and sat with Fabian at a few rows in front of Vivian’s seat. 
With Finnick and Xavier sitting beside her, Vivian could sense the hostility of the neighboring women’s glances thrown in her direction.
Vivian allowed her eyes to dart around and noticed Benedict taking up his place at the row in front of her. He noticed her, too, and greeted her politely with a nod. Vivian smiled and nodded back. 
Soon, the stage was illuminated by dazzling lights as the auctioneer was welcomed onto the stage. 
The auctioneer made an official speech to welcome all the philanthropists and socialites. And with a booming announcement, the auction started. “Let the auction begin!” 
Benedict’s donation was the first to be auctioned. It was a fountain pen. 
After a brief introduction by the auctioneer, Vivian finally got to know the mysterious man’s identity. He was Benedict Morrison, the eldest heir of the Morrison family. Which meant that he was Evelyn Morrison’s elder brother—Vivian realized in a shudder. 
That explained his wistful tone when he mentioned Evelyn earlier. 
The auctioneer continued, “Ladies and gentlemen, this is not an ordinary fountain pen. Please have a closer look at the diamond embedded in it. Specially customized, the jewel craftsmanship is of impeccable artistry. In loving memory of the late Ms. Evelyn Morrison, Mr. Morrison’s younger sister, he has decided to auction it, knowing that his sister will certainly approve of the good that the price it fetches will do to the needy.” 
Both Xavier and Finnick frowned upon seeing the fountain pen. 
Evelyn… 
Finnick was soon lost in his own thoughts. 
The pen was a gift from him to Evelyn on her twelfth birthday as an encouragement for her to get good grades in school.
Finnick remembered that Evelyn was so fond of the pen that she refused to let Benedict have a look at it. 
Who knew that Benedict would auction off the pen after so many years? 
Finnick’s expression darkened. 
Xavier murmured, “That’s very cruel of Benedict.” 
Knowing Benedict’s personality, Xavier guessed that he must have done that purposely to anger Finnick. 
Having caught what Xavier muttered under his breath, Vivian asked him what he meant. 
Xavier could see that Vivian was itching to know about Finnick’s past with Evelyn. He whispered in her ear, “Finnick gave the pen to Evelyn on her twelfth birthday.” 
Oh. 
Judging from the hostile look on Finnick’s face, he must be angry and sad at the moment. 
Vivian blamed Benedict in her heart. How could he not cherish his sister’s belongings? Didn’t he know how important the gift was to both Evelyn and Finnick? Or did he auction the pen just to piss off Finnick? 
What is Finnick thinking about right now? 
The auctioneer’s voice interrupted Vivian’s stream of thoughts. “Mr. Morrison, would you like to have a few words?”
###Chapter 199
Chapter 199 
Upon seeing Benedict walking toward the stage, the auctioneer beamed. “Let’s welcome Mr. Morrison!” 
The ladies sitting below the stage swooned collectively at Benedict’s incomparable charm as soon as he went up the stage. 
Glancing at Finnick’s direction, Benedict began, “I believe that in times of need, helping the poor should be a priority, and that priority should come above all personal needs, which includes keeping the pen for myself as a memory of my dear sister. Knowing that she will gladly approve of my action today,I cannot tell you how much peace 
and comfort that brings to me upon parting with this pen. 
” 
Rounds of applause erupted inside the hall. 
After Benedict went back to his seat, the auctioneer announced, “Alright, let’s begin with the auction! The minimum bid is a hundred thousand!” 
The exquisite pen shimmered under the incandescent lights of the hall as if it had not aged with time at all. The nib was made of pure gold, thus making it perfect for signing with great flow. Imagine how impressive it would be to sign company agreements with the magnificent pen. 
The audience began to bid. 
“One hundred thousand!” 
“One hundred and fifty thousand!”
“Two hundred thousand!” 
The bidders seemed very intent on getting the fountain pen because it was the first item to be auctioned. 
Finnick’s clenched fists were sweating profusely. He had been doing a good job of holding his emotions in until everyone started bidding for the pen with excitement. 
It was his! It could only belong to him! Finnick was sure that Evelyn would disapprove if her favorite pen was to end up with a stranger. He couldn’t let it happen! 
Uncertain of Finnick’s next move, Xavier and Vivian turned to look at him. 
Vivian was in a dilemma. She hoped that Finnick wouldn’t bid for the pen, but that would mean that he didn’t place great value in relationships. 
Previously, Finnick got so furious at Vivian for merely admiring Evelyn’s crystal necklace that he had been treasuring for years. What would Finnick do now that Benedict was auctioning Evelyn’s pen! 
The images of Evelyn’s beautiful face flashed through Finnick’s mind repeatedly. She was there, smiling lovingly and calling out to him with her angelic voice gently, “Oh, Finnick! I don’t think words can describe how much I love this pen…” 
Meanwhile, the bidding war was at its climax. No one was going to let the chance of getting the pen slip without trying. 
“One million!” Finnick raised his paddle suddenly. 
Everyone gasped. Most of the previous bidders gave up upon hearing the highest bidding price. 
Three hundred thousand was already considered too expensive for the pen.
Determined to prevent Evelyn’s beloved item from falling into a stranger’s hands, Finnick joined the bidding eventually. It was just as Vivian expected. He couldn’t forget her. 
Although she had foreseen it coming, never would she have thought that it would taste so bitter. 
He loves Evelyn more. All this time. It must be it. 
She was too naive. How could she ever replace Finnick’s childhood sweetheart? Not to mention that Evelyn was more beautiful and intellectual than she would ever be. 
A quote she read somewhere resurfaced in her mind. Death leaves a heartache that no one can heal, and love leaves a memory that no one can steal. 
Vivian didn’t know what to think. 
Just then, Benedict raised his paddle too. 
“One million one hundred thousand!” 
The crowd exclaimed. What is going on? Why is Benedict bidding against Finnick for something he donated? Maybe he’s regretting it. It’s his sister’s belongings after all! 
Staring intently at the pen, Finnick raised his paddle again. 
“One million two hundred thousand!” 
By then, everyone was already mumbling among themselves. 
Most of the attendees were upper-class socialites who knew about Finnick and Evelyn’s past, especially when the kidnapping and arson incidents involving both of them were given high coverage in
the news at the time. Some of the people present who were long-time acquaintances of the Morrisons and the Nortons knew more about the fateful incident. 
Back then, Finnick only survived because Evelyn sacrificed herself to buy time for his escape. She perished in the fire sadly.
###Chapter 200
Chapter 200 
Looks like some feelings are so deep it is just impossible to let go easily. His wife is sitting right next to him, and yet he is so determined to get Evelyn’s pen. 
Benedict scoffed and raised his paddle again. 
“One million three hundred thousand!” 
Hypocrite. You don’t deserve my sister’s pen! 
Finnick didn’t give up either. 
“One million four hundred thousand!” 
Vivian lowered her head, not daring to look at Finnick’s face or the pen. Her bag suddenly became an interesting to focus on. 
Everyone was glancing curiously in Vivian’s direction. Some of them pitied her for being outshined by Finnick and Evelyn’s token of love. 
How awkward she must be feeling now. 
Dejected, Vivian’s head sunk lower. 
Worried that Vivian might walk away due to the intensifying stares, which would, in turn, draw more unwanted attention to Finnick and Vivian’s relationship, Xavier hurriedly comforted her, “Don’t worry too much, Vivian. It’s all in the past. It’s just a memory—a pen. You being Finnick’s wife is all that matters.” 
Xavier’s words only served to upset Vivian more. Vivian sighed quietly. What’s with my luck today? First the amulet, and now the fountain pen. What’s next?
Was it inappropriate for a man to bid for his childhood sweetheart’s belongings in front of his wife? Even if it were, Finnick couldn’t care less about it. By pursuing the bid relentlessly, he had put Vivian into a difficult position. But didn’t she love him for his loyalty in the first place? 
Vivian had never felt so conflicted in her entire life. She couldn’t possibly blame Finnick for wanting to hold on to a precious memory. 
Benedict raised his paddle once again. 
“One million five hundred thousand!” 
After a few seconds of utter silence, the auctioneer began to raise his hammer. 
No! Finnick wasn’t going to let Benedict get his own way. I must have it! 
He exclaimed, “Two million!” 
The day’s auction event turned out to be more thrilling than anyone had anticipated. The crowd was cheering for Finnick and his eternal love for Evelyn. 
The auctioneer looked exhilarated as he prepared to raise his hammer again. The auction was unlike anything that he had ever seen in his entire career. 
Unable to conceal the excitement in his voice any longer, the auctioneer announced, “Going once, going twice, sold!” 
Thunderous applause rumbled in the hall. 
Benedict stared at the pen and sighed wistfully. Deep down, he knew that Evelyn would be happy to know that Finnick got her pen. 
Nice one, Finnick Norton!
The next item to be auctioned was Xavier’s ornament from Thailand. Gilded with gold and adorned with jade embellishments, the colorful handicraft was an exceptional masterpiece suitable for room decor. It went to a plump millionaire. 
Ashley’s limited edition Hermes bag, which she bought in France and got tired of eventually, was unexpectedly popular among the ladies. 
When the handbag was sold at a high price, Ashley smiled smugly, feeling proud of her preloved item. 
One by one the collections donated by socialites were auctioned off. Although the s were equally exquisite and rare, the enthusiastic atmosphere during the diamond pen’s auction was long gone. Even the auctioneer’s voice drooped a little. 
Soon, it was Vivian’s item to be displayed. 
The previous boredom of looking at general collectibles was instantly replaced by anticipation. Everyone was craning their necks curiously and wondering what Mrs. Norton donated. It must be something extraordinary! 
The audience held their breath as the item was being presented. 
When Vivian saw it, she was stupefied. 
Impossible! 
Why is it here? 
Where is my diamond necklace? Shocked, Vivian was about to stand up when Finnick grabbed her hand and signaled her to stay calm.

###Chapter 201
Chapter 201 
The crowd couldn’t believe their eyes as they stared at the auction item. It was the most ridiculous item ever donated in the history of the charity auction. 
Mrs. Norton is certainly someone that’s really strange! 
Fabian was extremely anxious. What am I going to do? Whose idea of a prank is this? Vivian would definitely not put up something like that for the auction. Could it be Ashley? Glancing towards her from the corner of his eye, Fabian could see Ashley’s smug expression which all but confirmed his suspicions. 
Ashley was obviously gloating since her scheme had succeeded. 
Vivian, let me see how you’re going to salvage your reputation in front of the city’s socialites. 
A daughter borne of a despicable mother doesn’t deserve to fight over a man with me! I’m going to let you have a taste of what it feels like to be disgraced! After all, these people are a tough crowd. you’re about to be swarmed by a pack of bloodthirsty hyenas! Hmph! 
“My God! What is this?” One of the attendees suddenly asked. “It’s so ugly!” 
“How can one be so insincere by sending a soiled item to a charity auction?” 
“Haha, it must be someone that has no exposure to the world at all.” 
The crowd couldn’t believe their eyes when they saw that the auction item contributed by the wife of the CEO of the renowned Finnor Group of Sunshine City turned out to be a worn-out amulet. Furthermore, it looked so old with its damaged sides.
It is an obvious sign of insincerity on her part. Donating a worn-out amulet for the auction makes her look stingy. Didn’t she consider the fact that she would disgrace Mr. Norton? 
Knowing that it was Vivian who donated such an item, the crowd turned to look at her in disgust. 
However, Vivian didn’t have time to care about what others thought of her. 
The amulet was a gift from her mother that symbolized her love for Vivian. Therefore, she wasn’t going to let anyone else buy it at the auction. 
Grabbing Finnick’s arm, she pleaded, “What are we going to do? This… I can’t lose this. It’s a gift from my Mom and it definitely can’t be auctioned to someone else!” 
Finnick was also puzzled as to how the diamond necklace was switched with the amulet. 
Whoever it was, it was obvious they were trying to sabotage both himself and Vivian. That person could only either be Yasmin or Ashley. 
Yasmin definitely wouldn’t have the guts to do this. As for Fabian, he can be ruled out due to his feelings for Vivian. 
Finnick was furious at the fact that someone dared to scheme against Vivian behind his back. 
When Ashley, who was sitting a few rows in front of Vivian, turned around with a smug expression on her face, Vivian knew immediately that her sister was the culprit. She must have switched the items on purpose just to humiliate me. 
She’s the only person who knows that I always carry the amulet with me wherever I go and how much it means to me. 
Vivian stared daggers back at Ashley. You’ve gone overboard this time!
As mocking laughs rang throughout the auction house, everyone started gossiping. 
“Isn’t this just a worn-out amulet?” 
“How can Finnick’s wife do something like that. If she isn’t keen, she shouldn’t have come at all. No one forced her anyway. She is reluctant to part with her possessions and yet wants to maintain her reputation. This is the first time I see someone as selfish as this!” 
“I heard she is just an editor for a magazine and doesn’t come from an illustrious family. Hence, I’m afraid she hasn’t had much exposure and just donated something without much thought.” 
“Why is she even here then? Haha, what a disgrace.” 
“This is the first time I see someone act this way at an auction.” 
Although everyone was muttering softly, the venue wasn’t very big. As such, Vivian could clearly hear everything that was said. 
Despite that, there was no way she could defend herself from their accusations. All she could do was furrow her eyebrows while biting the bottom of her lip anxiously. 
“I heard she doesn’t come from a rich family so I guess she’s kind of a Cinderella. Besides, I can’t fathom what the CEO of Finnor Group sees in her anyway.” 
“She should have been better off being a nobody if she doesn’t even know how to carry herself in such events. To think that she is treating the charity auction the same as a public market. Hmph!” 
Ashley was filled with delight when she heard the crowd’s comments. Oh Vivian, seems like your reputation is in tatters now. Let’s see how you get out of this!
###Chapter 202
Chapter 202 
Doesn’t Finnick always come to your rescue? Given the expression on his face now, it’s obvious that he too feels disgraced. He might have looked past the photo incident, but now that the Finnor Group is involved, can he still bear to tolerate the humiliation you have brought him? 
Turning to look at Vivian and Finnick, Benedict smirked to himself. So, it seems that someone else hates them both and is sabotaging them. 
Haha, Finnick, let me see how you’re going to protect your newly wedded wife now. 
At that moment, all Vivian wanted was for the ground to open up and swallow her whole. However, she knew that getting back the amulet her mother gave her took priority over everything else. 
Although it was just an ordinary amulet, it represented all her mother’s hopes and dreams for her. 
Her mother had painstakingly brought her up by herself. The reason she got the amulet for Vivian was so that it could keep her safe and healthy. Furthermore, her mother wanted her to find happiness, just like any other girl. Her only wish was for Vivian to grow up happy and without any worries. 
When her mother heard a rumor that a particular temple’s amulet was known to be effective, she drove a long way to get it. At that time, Vivian was still in university. 
Her mother had made a long and arduous pilgrimage up a huge flight of stairs just to obtain the amulet. 
Vivian didn’t know how far her mother had to walk to get it. All she told Vivian was that it was a long journey and that the more sincerity she demonstrated, the more likely her wish would come true. Everything her mother did was so that Vivian would always find happiness…
We came into this world empty-handed. The debt of gratitude we owe our mothers can never be repaid in our lifetimes. That thought alone caused Vivian’s anxiety to intensify. She knew she must get the amulet back. I must not let it be auctioned to someone else! 
Meanwhile, the host began to enforce order so as to keep the angry crowd in check. 
“Settle down everyone and please be quiet. Quiet, please… For this auction, there are no restrictions on the items that can be donated because everything will be sold. As the proceeds of the auction will be going to charity, it doesn’t matter what the item is, the value of said items will still greatly exceeds their original monetary value. With that, let us begin the auction now!” 
As the auction had never put on the block something as cheap as the amulet, everyone was stumped as to how they should start the bid. 
After a quick discussion with the auction house, the host declared, “As the wishes contained within the amulet are priceless, you are to bid whatever amount you want.” 
Who will want to spend money on a worn-out amulet? Isn’t it no different from throwing money into the ocean? Furthermore, one may even be thought of as being an idiot. Nevertheless, it is still an item donated by Mr. Norton’s wife, there may be those who will start bidding just to curry favor with Mr. Norton himself. 
Just then, someone bid ten thousand which was raised to fifty thousand. Then, it was raised again to eighty thousand… 
When Vivian heard the bids gradually increasing, she clenched her fist anxiously. What should I do? What if someone else wins the bid? She looked towards Finnick helplessly. 
When Finnick saw how worried she was, he reached out and held her hand. He reassured her softly, “Don’t worry. I will definitely keep the amulet safe and not allow it to be sold to someone else.”
Just as he spoke, Finnick suddenly raised his bid paddle and called out, “One million!” 
Silence fell upon the room. 
One million! 
Can a worn-out amulet be worth one million? Is this some kind of joke? That shabby thing’s not even worth a hundred! 
One million… My god, Mr. Norton’s bid is just crazy! 
Everyone wondered the same thing, is Finnick out of his mind? He had just bid for his ex-girlfriend’s diamond pen. And now he is paying a ridiculous amount of money for his wife’s amulet. Does he have nowhere else to spend his money? 
Even Vivian was dumbfounded. She wanted to stop him but Finnick held onto her hand and reassured her that there was nothing to be worried about. 
Everyone understood what Finnick was trying to do, just that they didn’t dare to gossip in front of him. 
By then, the crowd’s opinion of Vivian started to shift. Now, they were filled with envy instead. She is so lucky to have Finnick love and pamper her to such an extent. 
Even Vivian didn’t expect Finnick to bid such a high price from the get-go. I guess he’s really worried that it would be sold to someone else… Ah, such is the ways of a wealthy man.
###Chapter 203
Chapter 203 
The notion of offering one million for a worn-out amulet was really ridiculous. 
As such, the crowd reached a unanimous agreement, with such a high price, who in their right mind would compete for it? Wouldn’t it just make us look like a fool? I guess money does make one act capriciously. 
Before Vivian could thank Finnick, Fabian came out of nowhere. 
He shouted, “One point one million!” 
The crowd gasped when they realized another idiot had joined the fray. My God! What’s going on? The fact that an amulet was donated to be auctioned off was rare enough. Now, there are people actually fighting for it? 
Is the amulet really that effective? The crowd was puzzled as they wondered why two members of the Norton family were fighting over an ordinary-looking amulet. 
Fabian, what the hell are you trying to do? Vivian couldn’t help but admonish him in her heart before looking towards Finnick. 
Will he raise the bid? Or, will he give up? She secretly hoped that Finnick wouldn’t give up, just like how he didn’t let go of the diamond pen. At least it would prove to her that she was equally important to him as Evelyn was. 
Finnick’s expression remained exceptionally calm as he focused his attention on the amulet. In the next moment, he raised his paddle. 
“One point two million!”
“One point three million!” Fabian countered. The amulet is extremely important to Vivian. I must protect and help her. Fabian knew that it was the only way he could make it up to her. 
“One point four million!” 
“One point five!” 
Both men continued to outbid each other. 
Everyone else at the auction had been relegated to being a spectator to watch the two of them tussle it out. 
It’s a clash of giants! The Norton family does live up to their reputation. If I knew this was going to happen, I would have brought all my amulets from home. I didn’t expect the Norton family to love amulets so much. 
“Fabian, stop bidding!” Ashley muttered to him. 
The hatred she felt for Vivian had increased ten-fold by then. She couldn’t believe that the item she donated had been outshone by Vivian’s amulet. This is preposterous! Ashley was miffed that even a worn-out amulet had allowed Vivian to steal the limelight from her. If I knew this was going to happen, I shouldn’t have switched out the diamond necklace. 
What infuriated her further was the fact that Fabian had joined in the bid fervently. His intentions were simply too obvious. 
Ashley felt embarrassed. The attention she gained just a short while ago was short-lived. In fact, it had already been rendered insignificant. 
The host commented excitedly, “What a thrilling bid this is! Thank you both Mr. Nortons for your fervent support of this charity auction and the love you have in your hearts.”
“Two million!” Finnick raised his paddle again without a single hint of hesitation. 
“Wow! It has reached two million! Two million, ladies and gentlemen!” The host was so hyped up that even his hands were trembling. 
The corner of Finnick’s mouth curled into a smirk. 
Fabian, do you think this is your chance to get into Vivian’s good books? 
If so, you’re absolutely mistaken! When it comes to Vivian, you’re never going to get a single opportunity. 
Finnick used the charity auction to vent the frustration he had on Fabian for all the fear and jealousy he felt recently. He intended to shatter every last bit of confidence Fabian still had within him. 
Gritting his teeth, Fabian raised his paddle. 
“Three million!” 
Ashley was devastated. 
Fabian, when are you going to stop standing up for Vivian? 
The crowd looked towards Fabian. It was easy for them to comprehend why Finnick was bidding because he was doing so for his wife. But everyone now wondered why Fabian was so interested in the amulet. 
Ashley questioned, “Fabian, do you think it’s appropriate for you to behave this way?” 
Fabian retorted, “Hmph! You should have a taste of your own medicine. You will have to suffer the consequences of what you have done.”
“You…” Ashley bit her tongue. 
Fabian was aware of what the amulet was and understood how important it was to Vivian. Without having to investigate, he already knew that this was part of Ashley’s scheme. 
Meanwhile, Vivian didn’t know why Fabian was fighting for the amulet. But, she really hoped that he wouldn’t win and preferred Finnick to be the victor instead. Even if Finnick didn’t plan to return it to her, she would still feel happy to know that the man she loved was holding on to it. 
Finnick wondered to himself, Fabian, do you really think you can win back Vivian’s heart just by doing this? What a futile effort. Don’t you know by now that you are no match for me? 
Finnick no longer wanted to fool around with Fabian anymore. He had lost his patience and felt that there was no point in wasting any more time.
###Chapter 204
Chapter 204 
Raising his paddle, Finnick was aiming to crush Fabian’s desire for the amulet. 
“Ten million!” Finnick exclaimed. 
The crowd gasped as Finnick’s action thrilled the whole auction house. Ten million just for an amulet! Even if it were made of diamonds, it still wouldn’t be worth that much. 
The host spoke with a trembling voice, “T-Ten million… Ten million, does anyone want to bid higher than this?” 
Fabian tightened his grip on the paddle with a look filled with exasperation. 
No, I can still continue! 
At that moment, Ashley had enough of Fabian’s behavior. Since when did Vivian’s amulet become so important to him that he is willing to sacrifice everything he has for it? 
Fabian, am I nothing to you? You’re going to lose everything you have! I won’t allow this to happen! 
Ashley quickly reached out and stop Fabian from raising his hand. She murmured, “Fabian, have you lost your mind? What do you take me as? Ten million is a huge sum of money. Even if you asked your father for it, he is not going to give it to you.” 
Ashley’s words made perfect sense. Even if he won the bid for the amulet, Fabian’s father would have gone ballistic. Even he may not be able to gather so much money on such short notice. Fabian realized then that he had no choice but to give up. 
Finnick, you’re just too ruthless!
Vivian, I’m sorry. 
In his trembling voice, the host called out, “Ten million, going once! Ten million, going twice! Ten million, sold!” 
Finnick finally won the bid for the amulet. 
The host waved his hand and declared, “Congratulations, Mr. Norton!” 
Devastated, Fabian was filled with disappointment in himself. Having lost all interest in what was going on around him, he slumped in his seat just like a deflated balloon. 
He had failed and lost to Finnick again. 
Filled with gratitude, Vivian said to Finnick, “Thank you.” 
Finnick held up her hand and placed it in his left palm. At that moment, neither of them needed to say much as they already understood where their hearts lay. They had the same goal, which was to always shower each other with love and happiness. 
Everyone in the crowd was shocked and envious of Vivian at the same time. 
Mr. Norton loves his wife to bits! The diamond pen that he bid for earlier could no longer compare to the amulet after what had just unfolded. 
By then, Vivian was already stupefied. 
She was still in disbelief that Finnick had used ten million to win the bid for her mother’s amulet. 
Despite the uproar felt by the crowd, it paled in comparison to the awe that Vivian felt. 
She knew that he would protect her but didn’t expect the lengths he would go to just to do so.
He had done more for her than Evelyn. 
Does it mean that I’m more important to him than she is? 
Vivian couldn’t deny that meeting Finnick was the best thing that ever happened to her. 
Gazing at Finnick with her glistening eyes, she couldn’t help but ask, “Finnick, do you think doing this is worth it?” 
Finnick returned her gaze with a calm look and replied, “Isn’t the amulet very important to you? If so, of course it’s worth it.” 
Just because it’s important to me? Does Finnick really not feel any reluctance in paying ten million for it? Evidently, he cares a lot about me and since the amulet is precious to me, he now sees the amulet as a priceless treasure. 
With that, the anger she felt for Finnick over the incident with Fabian dissipated. She now thought of it as Finnick throwing a tantrum like a child. 
With tears of gratitude in her eyes, she could feel the frostiness in her heart melt. Never before could someone bring so much light and warmth into her life. 
After Finnick won the bid with ten million, the auction slowly wound down to a close with the rest of the items gradually being sold off. 
Once the auction had ended, everyone moved to the restaurant for the appreciation dinner. 
After experiencing such a thrilling auction, the crowd was greeted by an extravagant spread of food inside the restaurant. With soothing music playing in the background, their mood was further enlivened as they began to chat amongst themselves merrily.
However, the main topic of discussion still centered upon how exciting the auction was. 
Many guests came over to congratulate Finnick with a toast, to the extent that Vivian didn’t even have an opportunity to speak to him. 
Vivian was someone that didn’t enjoy being in a crowded place and wasn’t adept at flattery which was required for such occasions. Hence, she found a corner in the restaurant and sat alone sipping her wine.
###Chapter 205
Chapter 205 
The auction overwhelmed Vivian with emotions. The daring way Finnick bided for the amulet and how he always came to her rescue touched her. 
As she watched him sit in his wheelchair being surrounded by the crowd, she could see how everyone was charmed by his demeanor. At that moment, she suddenly felt a sense of security in her heart. 
Finally, someone was there to protect her. Furthermore, the man was both dashing and filled with masculinity. 
Although he may appear cold and always had on an icy expression, the truth was that he had a warm disposition and loved with great intensity. 
While Finnick was chatting with a few foreigners, he suddenly looked in Vivian’s direction and winked at her, causing her to blush immediately. Smiling sweetly, she raised her glass back at him and took a sip. 
As her gaze continued to trail Finnick’s figure, she could faintly hear someone arguing by another corner. It turned out to be Fabian and Ashley. 
Ashley berated, “Fabian, do you realize how inappropriate your actions were during the auction? As your fiancée, did you take my feelings into account? Did you even consider how humiliating it was for me? My fiancé competing with someone else’s husband for a lousy amulet. It was ten million, for God’s sake! Are you out of your mind?” 
Fabian retorted in exasperation, “So what? How dare you seethe at me? Let me ask you, were you the one who caused this? Vivian would never have put up the amulet for sale. Ashley, I already agreed not to break up with you, so you’d better know your boundaries!” 
Vivian was jolted by Fabian’s words.
At the end of the day, the reason Fabian tried to bid for the amulet was because of his protectiveness of her. 
He understood how much the amulet meant to Vivian. 
Vivian recalled the time when they were both in school. She was holding the amulet in her hand and showing it to Fabian. She said, “Fabian, look! my mom gave me this amulet and said that it is really effective. She told me that it’ll be able to grant me all my wishes.” 
Smiling, Fabian pulled Vivian into his embrace and gently blew in her hair. The next moment, a jasmine-scented fragrance permeated through the air. 
Those were some of the best times they had. 
However, everything was different now. 
Suddenly, her reminiscing was interrupted by Ashley’s clamor. 
Ashley hissed, “Fine, even if you don’t care for my feelings, what about our child? Do you plan to let him be born broke just because of how stubborn you are? Are you going to tell him that his father squandered everything he had for a lousy amulet?” 
“Ashley, don’t cross the line! Didn’t I fail to win the bid? Besides, you shouldn’t exaggerate as my assets are definitely worth more than ten million.” 
“So? is that reason enough for you to buy the worn-out amulet for that despicable Vivian?” 
“Ashley, to you, that amulet is something worthless. But, to others, it means the world to them! Do you understand?”
Ashley was already furious at how much Fabian cared for Vivian. As such, her anger was further intensified by how Fabian tried to defend his own actions. 
“I really don’t understand! I love you so, so much, so why don’t you love me back?” Ashley couldn’t get past his indifference towards her. “I am on the brink of being driven mad by jealousy! Fabian, I am the woman you ought to be loving and protecting.” 
Leaning his back against the wall, Fabian felt drained. 
He murmured, “Ashley, there’s a limit to my patience. I’m tired of this so let’s stop arguing. Let me think in peace, alright?” 
Ashley continued to berate, “Fabian, you cold-blooded pig! I have always loved you and treated you like a king, so why can’t you ever forget about Vivian? Why! Why do you prefer to fancy someone who had been defiled over loving me?” 
With that, she no longer wanted to speak to him as she felt her heart fall into the deepest pit of despair. 
As Ashley came out from the corner, her eyes caught sight of Vivian sitting alone. 
Well, well, Vivian, I wasn’t planning to do anything to you, but yet here you are, just sitting right in front of me! Ashley felt that Vivian constantly got the better of her. She also realized that Vivian must have overheard her argument with Fabian.
###Chapter 206
Chapter 206 
How dare she shamelessly sit there still. She must be gloating now that she saw me being reduced to such a pathetic state! 
At that moment, Ashley was filled with rage. Taking a look at the glass of red wine in her hand, she spilled it viciously in Vivian’s direction. 
Meanwhile, Vivian was still in a daze and didn’t notice Ashley approaching. 
Ashley is pregnant with Fabian’s child! 
While her mind was still digesting what she had just overheard, she didn’t realize Ashley was standing right in front of her. 
“Vivian, you b*tch!” Ashley shrieked as she splashed the wine at her. 
When Vivian saw the wine spilling towards her, she was petrified. She quickly shut her eyes and cringed in reflex. 
By the time she opened her eyes, she realized that there wasn’t any red wine on her. What happened? 
At the critical moment, someone had shielded her from the wine. 
When Vivian turned to look, she saw a man in a wheelchair with a cold expression. 
Finnick! The red wine had spilled all over Finnick’s arm and body. 
Just a moment ago, Finnick was worried that Vivian would feel bored and lonely. Hence, he wheeled himself in her direction. Little did he expect to see Ashley appear from around the corner.
Having a hunch that something untoward was going to happen, he accelerated in their direction. True to his expectations, he saw Ashley’s vicious expression as she raised the wineglass in her hand. 
Finnick glared coldly at Ashley who was gawping in shock. 
In her panic, she quickly threw the wine glass in her hand away. 
As the glass shattered on the ground, it caught everyone’s attention causing the whole restaurant to fall into silence. 
Vivian, who was standing beside Finnick, asked worriedly, “Finnick, are you hurt? Here, let me take a look.” 
“I’m fine.” 
Just then, Xavier walked over and quickly understood what just happened. He turned towards the crowd and declared, “Oh, it’s nothing. Someone just spilled a glass of wine by accident. Please carry on.” 
When the crowd saw that there wasn’t much of a dispute, they went back to what they were doing and the restaurant’s atmosphere returned to what it was before. 
Xavier offered his own silk scarf to Finnick so that the latter could wipe his arm. 
He then said, “Oh my! What happened? How did you spill the wine all over yourself? Haha, I must have a word with the restaurant manager and instruct them not to serve this particular wine anymore. What a party pooper.” 
Accepting the scarf, Finnick wiped the wine off himself. 
When Xavier saw his movements, his eyes suddenly lit up as if he had an epiphany.
Realizing that she had gone overboard, Ashley quickly apologized, “I’m sorry… I’m so sorry, Mr. Norton. I-I wasn’t aiming to spill the wine at you. Erm, no… actually, I didn’t do it on purpose.” 
At that moment, Vivian realized that Ashley was aiming at her. 
Just then, Fabian, who had drunk a lot, hurried towards them. 
Grabbing Vivian’s hand, he asked anxiously, “Vivian, are you hurt?” 
At the sight of Fabian, Vivian pulled back her hand at once and replied with her eyes lowered, “I’m fine.” 
Staring at Vivian, Fabian was lost in thought. 
When Ashley saw how Fabian was humiliating her again, she stomped her feet in a jealous fit of rage. 
Meanwhile, the crowd looked on at the few of them, those that were in the know started gossiping. 
Among them, one said, “Did you see that? The Norton family’s uncle and nephew are having a feud.” 
“The nephew seems to care a lot about his aunt. Have you forgotten that he had joined the bidding war for the amulet?” 
A look of displeasure spread across Finnick’s face when he saw Fabian standing in close proximity to Vivian. 
He seethed and warned Fabian in a frosty voice, “Fabian, you’d better keep your fiancée’s behavior in check.” 
Finnick’s outright admonishment shocked Fabian.
By reprimanding him and Ashley in public, Finnick showed that he didn’t care about the Norton family’s reputation. Finnick was like a tiger who had just awoken and was ready to pounce. 
Despite his consternation, Fabian didn’t show it in his reply, “I will ensure that she behaves, Uncle.” 
At the same time, he turned towards Vivian. “I’m sorry. I apologize on behalf of my fiancée.” 
Being too used to acting with impunity, Ashley was upset. “Fabian, why are you apologizing? I-I just lost my balance, it’s not like I did it on purpose.”
###Chapter 207
Chapter 207 
Fabian glared at Ashley and asked her to shut up. 
Not on purpose? Do you think Finnick and I are blind? If not for the gathering crowd, Fabian would have taught Ashley a lesson in front of Vivian. 
Fearing that the matter would escalate and cause all of them to be disgraced, Vivian took the initiative to defuse the situation. “Since no one is hurt, let’s just forget it. There’s nothing to apologize for. It’s all just a misunderstanding. Am I right? Finnick?” 
Finnick quickly understood her intentions when he saw Vivian trying to brush off the matter. 
However, he was reluctant to let Ashley off the hook without teaching her a lesson. After all, she had made numerous attempts at sabotaging Vivian. Furthermore, he found it strange that the diamond necklace they donated to the auction suddenly turned into the amulet Rachel gave Vivian. There were only a few suspects and Ashley was the biggest one. 
As Finnick stared at Ashley, she didn’t dare to make eye contact and pretended to into the distance out of guilt. 
Finnick slowly circled Ashley in his wheelchair while scrutinizing her. While he was doing so, Ashley was so afraid that sweat started to bead on her face. 
Finnick sneered, “Ms. Miller, your sister is here, and yet you have not greeted her?” 
Greet her? I hate her! Why the hell would I greet that b*tch? Ashley simply ignored Finnick’s words. 
Tugging at Finnick’s sleeve, Vivian whispered, “Finnick, just let it go.”
However, there was no way Finnick would allow Ashley off the hook that easily. 
He told Xavier, “Mr. Jackson, I need a favor from you. Can you get the organizing committee of the charity auction to investigate how the item we donated was lost? It’s a diamond necklace worth two million.” 
As he spoke, Finnick’s gaze fell right upon Ashley. 
At the exact same moment, Ashley’s face went white as a sheet. 
Damn it, if they find out that I was the one who switched the necklace, not only will I lose everything, but I may also end up in prison. 
Ashley’s reflexes were lightning quick. A smile instantly broke out on her face as she said to Vivian, “Vivian! Finnick is bullying me again. Next time let’s go home and share a meal together, alright?” 
Vivian could surmised what was going on. 
It was now obvious to her that Ashley was the mastermind behind the amulet incident. 
Although she despised what Ashley had done, Vivian’s heart wavered as she knew Ashley was pregnant. Hence, she decided not to be too hard on her. 
Vivian interrupted Xavier and Finnick, “Let’s just drop it since all of us know each other. Finnick, I feel like going home. Is it ok if we head back first?” 
When he saw how Ashley had softened her stance and how Vivian was interceding on her sister’s behalf, Finnick relented and decided not to pursue the matter any further. It didn’t matter to him that the diamond necklace was lost. All he cared about was Vivian’s safety.
Turning his attention to Ashley, he gave her a stern warning. “Ashley, I’m warning you, do not to try my patience. Or else the whole Miller family will face the consequences of your actions.” 
Feeling a chill down her spine, Ashley’s knees buckled causing her to lose her balance. 
Fabian quickly reached out to support her. Finnick is simply too terrifying! 
Right after he spoke, Finnick led Vivian out of the restaurant. 
Xavier didn’t move as he gawked at Finnick and Vivian leaving. Finnick was still holding on to Xavier’s tailor-made scarf in his hands. Earlier, when he attempted to help Finnick wipe his arm, he felt a sense of Deja vu. But, he couldn’t recall why he found it familiar. 
After Finnick and Vivian left the auction, they got into the car and prepared to head home. 
Given so much had happened at the charity auction, no one was sure how the media was going to spin it. 
Finnick’s ten million bid for the amulet would definitely be the talk of the town. It might even hit the front page of Sunshine City’s news. 
Inside the car, Vivian used a small handkerchief to help Finnick wipe the wine stains off him. 
She murmured, “I’m sorry. It’s my fault for causing you trouble again.” 
Causing trouble? 
Finnick chuckled. 
Vivian, you really are the epitome of trouble.
That being said, I don’t mind being troubled by you. As long as you are by my side, I’m more than willing to go through any amount of trouble for you. 
Finnick patted her and replied, “Don’t worry, I like trouble.”
###Chapter 208
Chapter 208 
Vivian was extremely grateful to Finnick because she could always feel the warmth and affection he showed her. 
He had done so much for her that his efforts were beyond measure. 
Vivian felt that she was the luckiest woman in the world to be loved by Finnick. Growing up, she was lonely and had a tough life. Hence, she didn’t know what love was. When she got to know Fabian, she thought what she had was a love where she could live happily. 
It wasn’t until she met Finnick that she really experience what true love was. 
From the beginning, Finnick was always protective of her. The very first day they met, he had paid the restaurant bills for her to prevent her from being humiliated. After that, he wanted to marry her which indirectly resolved her registration as a city’s resident. Only then did her mother recover from her sickness. Furthermore, there were innumerable occasions where he rescued her. Therefore, she knew that Finnick was someone she could rely on for life. 
As she reminisce about the past, Vivian hugged Finnick by impulse. 
His chest was broad and warm, making her feel comfortable in his arms. 
She could feel the warmth he emitted and the beating of his heart. At that moment, all she wanted to do was to stay within his embrace and forget all her troubles. 
Vivian whispered, “Finnick, thank you. It’s not about the ten million. It’s for loving and protecting me. Thank you.”
Finnick could feel his heart race as this was the first time Vivian hugged him by her own accord. I guess she’s no longer angry with me. 
Caught by surprise, he wondered what had gotten into Vivian. 
He asked in a gentle tone, “Are you no longer angry with me?” 
“That was a long time ago,” Vivian replied honestly. “Before this, I only felt that you didn’t respect me enough. I didn’t get how you could… treat me in such an aggressive manner. You weren’t gentle at all. In fact, you were downright domineering. However, after giving it some thought, I figured it was because your anger overwhelmed you. Therefore, I can’t fully blame you for it.” 
Finnick furrowed his eyebrows, “Is this the only thing you’re angry about?” 
Vivian threw the question back at him with a puzzled expression, “What else should I be angry about?” 
Finnick had assumed that she was giving him the cold shoulder because she took to heart how Fabian saw her. His assumption had caused him to feel upset. 
It now appeared that he was wrong. 
Finnick sidestepped Vivian’s question and replied with a smile, “Well, as long as you’re no longer angry, all is good.” 
Vivian continued, “In that case, are you also no longer angry?” 
Finnick had wanted to ask Vivian about the pictures where Fabian forced himself on her. However, he didn’t want to remind her of that man. 
At the same time, he also felt that there was no longer a need to know. Vivian sat snuggly by his side in acquiescence. When she gave him a longing look, he felt that nothing else mattered anymore.
He trusted her and it was just that simple. 
Finnick answered, “Silly girl, how could I stay angry at you for long?” 
“If that’s the case, why did you ignore me over the last few days? Your actions almost broke my heart,” Vivian asked, raising her eyebrows curiously. 
Looking at how alluring Vivian was, Finnick wondered to himself how he should handle her. 
“I didn’t ignore you.” He hugged her and whispered, “And neither was I angry.” 
Vivian furrowed her eyebrows. 
So he wasn’t angry, does that mean he wasn’t jealous? 
Vivian teased, “I thought you were jealous.” 
“I was.” Finnick didn’t deny it, causing Vivian’s heart to sink. 
He added, “But I trust you. Vivian, I have faith in you. I’m just jealous, that’s all.” 
I trust you. 
Those three simple words melted Vivian’s heart. 
Fabian had not believed her then. But now, Finnick trusted her wholeheartedly. 
This is what makes him the right one. 
What a nice feeling this is.
Both of them exchanged glances and smiled. They now understood that the reason they were giving each other the cold shoulder was because they simply cared too much. 
Finnick held Vivian’s hand and intertwined his fingers with hers. 
Looking at how enchanting Vivian was, Finnick could feel the desire growing within him. 
Meanwhile, when Vivian saw the burning passion in his eyes, she averted her gaze coyly. 
The moment she did, however, Finnick caught her by the chin and lifted it up for a kiss. 
Vivian’s body began to relax. 
Overwhelmed by his warmth, she set aside her self-restraint and kissed him back passionately. 
Finnick was so moved by her reaction that his heart began to race. 
As Vivian put her arms around his neck, he felt passion overwhelming him.
###Chapter 209
Chapter 209 
Vivian felt like Finnick was trying to eat her up as he kissed her. She went with the flow and let him do whatever he wanted, enjoying his loving caress. At that moment, she was willing to dedicate everything she had to him. 
As the temperature in the car rose, Finnick whispered in her ear, “Let’s go home so that I can devour you.” 
Vivian took a deep breath, and her chest heaved as her face grew redder. 
Her bashfulness made her looked even more attractive and Finnick locked lips with her again. 
His kiss, combined with what happened earlier that day, was like a surge of warmth flowing through her heart. 
Vivian melted as if she was a glacier in the Himalayan mountains, turning into water that nourished each other’s hearts. 
When the car finally pulled up in front of the villa, the driver and Noah watched as the two lovebirds got off the car with a blushing face. 
Realization finally dawned on Vivian that there were others in the car with her. She could not help but flush as she touched her burning hot cheeks and hurriedly straightened her clothes. 
Finnick said, “Let’s go home.” 
After getting off the car, Vivian pushed Finnick into the house. While the latter was still thinking about the ways to devour Vivian, he suddenly received a call from Xavier.
What a killjoy! 
Frowning, Finnick did not want to answer it initially, but Xavier called again after the first call was ignored. 
Only then did Finnick compose himself as he knew Xavier very well. Although the latter was usually frivolous, his persistent calls showed that he must have something important to say. 
Finnick told Vivian, “Why don’t you head on up first? I need to take this call.” 
Vivian nodded and went upstairs, whereas Finnick answered the phone. 
Xavier could be heard panting as he said, “Finnick, I think I have an idea about the identity of the man who lost the silk scarf in the Century Hotel two years ago! I’m on my way to your house now and I’ll tell you in detail in a while!” 
The look on Finnick’s face instantly changed. 
He found the man from two years ago? 
Shocked, Finnick hung up the phone and went to the room upstairs first. 
The sight of Vivian getting changed sent a ripple of emotions through him, but he did not say anything and simply tell her, “It must have been a tiring day for you. You should rest early.” 
She squatted down and leaned on his legs, saying, “What about you? You should be more tired than I am today.” 
“I’m waiting for Xavier. He’s coming over in a while,” replied Finnick. 
“Oh, I see. Don’t forget to get some rest afterward.” Nodding her head, Vivian went to shower.
While showering in the bathroom, she got lost in her thought. 
She was overwhelmed by everything that happened at the auction earlier. 
First, there was Evelyn’s diamond pen, to the missing amulet, and then Finnick’s ten million bid of the amulet. Afterward, Fabian and Ashley fought, and the latter was found out to be pregnant. Not to mention the incident where Finnick shielded Vivian from the red wine… 
A rush of mixed feelings came over Vivian. 
As she stood under the showerhead, the warm water flowed down her body, and the warmth invaded every inch of her skin from her head to her toe. Only then did the tension in her body slowly dissipated. It feels so good. 
Vivian thought of Finnick. 
He had bought her mother’s amulet at the auction for ten million and had also stepped forward to shield her from the red wine that was poured by Ashley. Now that she thought about it, the man always showed up in the nick of time whenever she was in danger… 
However, there still seemed to be many obstacles between her and Finnick, such as Fabian, Evelyn, and the truth from two years ago. 
Perhaps Finnick won’t be bothered by it, but what happened two years ago had always been a thorn in Vivian’s flesh, which often pierced into her heart so much that it hurt. 
But everyone had a past. For Finnick, the past that he could never let go of was the fire incident and Evelyn. Considering that he still pretended to be crippled, he must still have a lot of things to settle.
Meanwhile, Finnick was reading news on his phone in the living room, but he could not understand a thing as his mind was preoccupied. 
The things that Xavier said on the phone left him restless. 
What exactly is the truth? Can Xavier actually solve this mystery? 
For a moment, Finnick was suddenly afraid to know the truth. The reason being that the truth was often horrible.
###Chapter 210
Chapter 210 
Finnick waited anxiously for a long while before Xavier finally arrived. 
Since the nanny already went back, Finnick got up from his wheelchair. 
In fact, everything that he did at the auction was not tiring. The only tiring thing for him was being in the wheelchair the whole time. 
Finnick poured Xavier a glass of red wine. 
Xavier accepted it and muttered, “Red wine? Seriously? Do you love wine so much that you still want to drink it even after your clothes were drenched in it?” 
He leaned over and took a sniff at Finnick’s clothes, he then covered his nose and teased, “You reek of alcohol, dude. Haha. It seems that you’re quite a good drinker.” 
However, Finnick paid no heed to his teasing and simply asked anxiously, “Stop joking around. Tell me now, what do you mean by what you said on the phone? Any news on the silk scarf?” 
“Why are you in such a hurry when we have all the time in the world? You’re no fun. Don’t you feel tired wearing that stern face and acting cool all the time?” retorted Xavier with a happy look on his face. 
Sitting on the sofa, Finnick urged, “Stop messing with me! Tell me about the silk scarf now. What did you recall? Spill it and stop testing my patience.” 
“Okay, okay.” Xavier raised his hands up in surrender and added, “You have to thank someone from the charity auction. It was because of her that I recalled the things about the silk scarf.” 
“Who is it?” Finnick waited for Xavier’s answer.
Seeing the eager look on Finnick’s face, Xavier burst into laughter and made fun of him, “Look at you, getting so anxious. Haha. It’s hilarious.” 
Finnick grabbed Xavier by the collar and growled, “Enough with your games! Come on, tell me now, who is she?” 
“Let go of me! I’ll say it. I’ll say it, okay?” 
Finnick loosened his grip, and Xavier took a step back, he said, “It’s Ashley! If you hadn’t shielded Vivian from the wine that was poured by Ashley and gotten yourself drenched in wine, I wouldn’t have remembered it. When I was wiping your clothes with a silk scarf, it felt like Deja vu to me…” 
Xavier pretended to be deep in thought, while Finnick waited for his next words without suspecting anything. 
After a few moments of waiting, Finnick finally realized something was off. 
Approaching Xavier, he stared into Xavier’s eyes and threatened, “Xavier Jackson, can you stop keeping me in suspense? My patience is wearing thin and if you keep this up, I’ll show you no mercy!” 
“Geez, I just want to take it easy for once. Look at you, getting all hot and bothered.” 
Xavier kept grinning at Finnick as he beckoned to him and ordered, “Come on then. Serve me.” 
“Are you done grinning and messing around?” Finnick planned to maim Xavier if he continued to keep him guessing. 
After Xavier had enough fun, he said to Finnick, “I can tell you about the silk scarf, Finnick, but on one condition.” 
Having figured it out, Finnick replied, “I knew it. Well, spit it out then.”
“Pinky promise!” Xavier held up his little finger. 
Finnick slapped Xavier’s hand away and replied, “What are we, three-year-old kids?” 
With the grin still plastered on his face, Xavier said, “Reopen my silk scarf factory immediately. I’m innocent, and the factory’s innocent as well. Without the silk scarf factory, I have no allowance! It’s all your fault, Finnick. You have no idea how many girls I’ve missed out on during this period!” 
Finnick sat back on the sofa and asserted, “It’s not difficult to reopen the silk scarf factory, but it depends on the value of the clues you’ll be providing.” 
“Don’t worry. It’s definitely very valuable.” Xavier sat down and continued, “Moreover, it’s definitely a truth that’s beyond your imagination.” 
Truth. 
Finnick felt his heart began to pound. Who was Vivian with at Century Hotel two years ago… He didn’t dare to think about it further. 
Xavier suddenly asked, “Do you really want to know, Finnick?” 
“Yes.” 
“Are you sure?” 
Finnick took a deep breath and replied, “Yes, I’m sure. I can handle it. Just tell me.” 
“Alright, then.” 
This time, Xavier sat down calmly and recounted seriously, “Do you remember that you had a fierce argument with Benedict at a dinner banquet like this two years ago? You accidentally got red wine
spilled on your clothes, and I lent you my silk scarf.” 
Finnick gave it a hard thought before answering, “I think so.” 
He remembered that after the argument with Benedict that night, he had too much to drink and felt unwell, so he left before the dinner was over.
###Chapter 211
Chapter 211 
Finnick remembered that the dinner party was held at a place not far away from Century Hotel. Seeing that the expression on Finnick’s face had changed drastically, Xavier put on a mischievous look and said, “What’s wrong, Mr. Norton? Did you remember something?” 
“I… I…” Finnick’s voice had left him. 
This time it was Xavier’s turn to be driven crazy by Finnick. 
“Then, you had a little too much to drink, and you went to Century Hotel…” Only then did it strike Finnick. His memories of that night from two years ago came back to him like a flood. 
That night, Finnick had attended a dinner party where the elites gathered. He was arguing with Benedict when he realized he wasn’t feeling himself. His body felt feverish, and he suspected that someone had spiked his drink. 
Worried for his own safety, he had instructed Noah to send him to a hotel nearby. At this thought, Finnick grabbed his phone and called Noah. “Hello? Noah, do you remember that night two years ago at a dinner party when I told you that there was something wrong with my drink and then I asked you to send me to a hotel? Do you recall anything about it? What’s the name of the hotel?” 
Xavier wondered what did Noah say as he watched Finnick put down his phone slowly. He asked, “What did Noah say? Was it him who sent you to Century Hotel? Was it?” 
Noah nodded in disbelief. 
Isn’t it too much of a coincidence? 
“Ah-ha! Do you remember what happened next?” Xavier asked.
Finnick, after Noah’s confirmation, trusted that he remembered all that had happened. 
That day, Noah had gotten him a standard room at Century Hotel, as the VIP suites were all fully booked. After settling him down at the hotel, Noah had then gone back to get him a change of clothes. Finnick remembered that the drug was so potent that his body was like on fire. 
Unable to suppress the effects of the drug, he had unbuttoned his clothes to make himself feel cooler. However, it didn’t last long as his body had started to get restless, like a cat in heat desperate for a mate. 
Finnick couldn’t bear it anymore. His body felt unusually uncomfortable, as though a time bomb had been planted inside. 
He had to look for a woman to quench his thirst, and the sooner the better. 
Finnick remembered that as he stumbled out the door, his face burning up and his mouth dry, he saw an old man next door helping a drunken woman inside. 
Finnick had thought to himself that this woman must have accepted the old man’s money to serve him in bed. 
He rejoiced in his heart, as he could propose a trade for the woman. The old man was initially reluctant. But tempted by Finnick’s offers, and sensing that Finnick was no ordinary man by the way he dressed, the old man caved in as he handed the unconscious woman to Finnick and walked away. 
Thereupon, Finnick helped the woman into his room, where he transformed into a beast, pouncing on the woman lying on the bed. He could vaguely smell the fresh and light fragrance of her hair. Finnick wondered if Vivian was the woman whom he had purchased from the old man that night. He couldn’t
recall the woman’s features, but there was something about her that was similar to Vivian—her body, her skin, and the fragrance of her hair. 
Xavier looked at Finnick, breaking the latter’s reverie as he interrupted, “Hey, bro. Should I congratulate you?” Finnick’s heart skipped a beat, feeling somewhat relieved that Vivian didn’t give her first time to that old man, nor any other loser but him.
###Chapter 212
Chapter 212 
Looks like Finnick has remembered all of it. I was right! I can finally clear my name now! “This sure is fate, bro! It turns out that you and Vivian took the shortcut! How bold!” Xavier said. 
Finnick shot him a dirty look. “Don’t you say that about Vivian.” 
“I’m talking about you! You’ve untangled the knot in your heart. I’ve accomplished the task you gave me with honor, bro! So, uh… Can my factory start running again? You can’t go back on your word!” Xavier said. 
“Tomorrow it is. You can leave now,” Finnick said. Xavier had wanted to get wasted with him, but little did he expect Finnick to chase him away. 
Hmph, hoes before bros! Oh well, at least we got the truth now. 
Vivian was sleeping soundly when Finnick returned to the room. He wondered what she was dreaming, as there was a ghost of a smile on her face. Finnick couldn’t help but stroke her fair skin, which was exposed to the air. But afraid of waking her up, he adjusted the quilt by pulling it over her shoulders. 
At that moment, he was reminded again of that night two years ago. 
In fact, he did remember that night. But as it was so sudden, he couldn’t remember which hotel it was and didn’t expect such a coincidence. That night had been a pleasant one. He had rejected many women in the past, but not the stranger that night. Now that he thought about it, it wasn’t the drug that made him lose control, but because the stranger was Vivian. 
Finnick couldn’t help thinking that it was fate that brought them together, allowing them to reunite, get married, and fall in love with each other after two years. Or perhaps he had already fallen in love with her since that night. How else could it explain his lust and greed for her body?
When he had woken up the next day to find the little red blotches on the sheet, he had told Noah to leave twenty thousand behind as compensation. 
After all, a woman’s first time was priceless, and he didn’t want to treat her shabbily. As it was late at night, the room was dark, and the woman was lying with her back to him so he couldn’t get a good look at the woman’s face. Therefore, when Vivian appeared before him two years later, he couldn’t recognize her either, because his memory of that night was hazy. 
If it weren’t for Xavier’s reminder, he probably wouldn’t have remembered so many details. 
Finnick was lost in thoughts when Vivian rolled over and opened her eyes to see the man gawking at her. She reckoned that Xavier had come and gone. Vivian lay on her back, rubbing her eyes groggily as she asked, “What’s wrong? Are you okay?” 
Finnick patted her head and breathed, “Nothing. I was just thinking how nice it is that I’ve met you.” 
Vivian couldn’t make head or tail of Finnick’s behavior. She asked, “Why are you staring at me? Did something happen again?” “No, everything’s fine.” 
Finnick leaned in for a kiss. 
Yes, that’s how it felt at that time. How stupid am I? If I had known that it was her from two years ago, I’d have loved her even more. Hey, stranger, we’re back together again. Although you don’t know that person is me yet… I’ll tell you when the time is right. 
Tantalized by Finnick’s kiss, Vivian stretched out to stroke his firm back. She had fallen in love with his body. It was warm and comfortable, so much so that it felt as if she was lying on a bed of clouds. Finnick gently removed her pajamas and trailed his fingers across her fair skin, losing himself in the moment as he committed every part of her body to memory.
###Chapter 213
Chapter 213 
The next day, Finnick arrived at the office looking as cheery as ever. He called Noah into his office and said, “You don’t have to look into what happened two years ago. I already know who was the man who touched Vivian that night.” 
Noah looked at his boss in shock. 
Is this what they call a plot twist? 
“Are you sure it was Century Hotel that you sent me to two years ago?” Finnick asked, wanting to confirm with Noah again. 
“Yes, I’m sure. You asked me on the phone last night… Century Hotel! Oh, God! Mr. Norton!” Finally understanding Finnick’s words, Noah exclaimed, “Was Mrs. Norton the woman you slept with that night?” Finnick nodded, and Noah was happy for him. 
This sure is God’s divine intervention! I can’t believe we’ve actually saved Mrs. Norton from falling into an evildoer’s trap by accident! More so, Mr. and Mrs. Norton had even gotten married two years later after their one-night stand without knowing it. 
Noah asked Finnick excitedly, “Does Mrs. Norton know about this, Mr. Norton?” 
“I don’t plan to tell her so soon,” Finnick answered. 
Noah couldn’t wrap his head around it. 
Wouldn’t it be a happy ending if he tells Mrs. Norton about it? Why didn’t he tell her? 
Finnick didn’t explain why but only instructed Noah to do one thing.
Meanwhile, upon returning to the magazine company in the afternoon after an interview, Vivian felt a terrible headache when she saw her colleagues huddled together, gossiping. “What’s with the commotion? What are you guys looking at?” she asked. 
Sarah pulled Vivian by the hand and said, “There’s this interesting photo circulating on the Internet regarding Finnor Group’s president, Finnick Norton, and his wife. Come, look!” 
Vivian had a nasty shock at Sarah’s words. This is bad. We got caught on camera! Things are about to get exposed! I don’t want them to find out so soon that I’m Mrs. Norton, lest they criticize me behind my back. 
“No, no, no. I don’t wanna see!” Vivian panicked. What should I do if they recognize me? How should I explain? Will they ostracize me just because I’m Mrs. Norton? 
“What are you afraid of? An ugly daughter-in-law will have to face her parents-in-law sooner or later! Come, quick!” An ugly daughter-in-law will have to face her parents-in-law sooner or later? Are they calling me ugly? Have they already… Damned photos! Damned stalker! Damn it! Damn it! Am I busted? What should I do? Should I make a run for it? 
“God! Just who in the world is this photographer?” Ken, the photographer, shrieked. “Can he be any more unprofessional? This photo is too blurry!” 
“What a pity! It was a rare shot! But this man sure is Mr. Norton. His noble and handsome temperament had sold him out,” Sarah said. 
“Yeah. In the photo, he’s still in a wheelchair. I supposed Mr. Norton is the only big shot in the industry who uses a wheelchair,” someone chimed in. 
“Why? Are you men jealous too?” Sarah said.
What? The photo is blurry? Thank God! But they could still tell that Finnick was the man in the picture. What about me? Perhaps they didn’t recognize me. Vivian rejoiced in her heart. How could I be so lucky? 
Stepping forward, Vivian saw that it was indeed a photo of her and Finnick at the charity auction. 
This picture sure is blurry. Besides, they’ve never seen me in an evening dress, so how could they recognize me from the photo? 
Only then did Vivian feel relieved. Soon it was time to clock out. Everyone was still studying the photo, trying to dig up articles about the charity auction but to no results. The articles written for the auction were very official, with little substance, unlike the photo of Finnick and his wife posted by an anonymous person.
###Chapter 214
Chapter 214 
Vivian was the first to walk out of the office. She didn’t want to stay there any longer, feeling as though her heart was going to leap out of his throat from the tension. “Leaving so soon, Vivian?” Ken spoke in a loud voice. “We’ve made plans to have dinner together. Come join us.” 
Vivian looked back at Ken. “Maybe next time. You guys have fun. I’m going home first.” 
Finnick’s probably at home, waiting for me to have dinner together. And after dinner, we can probably catch a movie together like any other ordinary couple. Vivian’s departing back suddenly gave Ken an idea as he started comparing her to the woman in the blurry photo. He patted Sarah’s shoulders and said, “Is it just me, or does Vivian look like the woman in the photo?” 
“No way. Vivian never dresses up like that. How could she be the woman in the picture? It’s impossible that she’s Mrs. Norton,” Sarah said in disbelief, thinking that Ken must have gone mad from staring too long at the picture. 
However, as a photographer, Ken had a keen eye for detail. Upon hearing Ken’s word, everyone inspected the picture again and thought that Vivian indeed looked similar to the mysterious Mrs. Norton. To love someone is to think of them all the time. Vivian couldn’t seem to get rid of the thought of Finnick as she wondered what he was up to at this moment. 
In the car, Vivian was swiping through Twitter, and the first article that caught her attention was the news of Finnor Group, which had garnered many retweets and comments. Finnick’s company was about to launch a new fund. 
It had great significance, as it would be the largest fund in the history of Sunshine City. The netizens were talking enthusiastically about Finnick online, mostly with words of praise for him.
“Wow! As expected of Finnor Group!” 
“I’m so proud to call myself an employee of Finnor Group!” 
“Oh, God! I fell in love with Finnick Norton all over again!” 
“I want to get a kiss from him. His wife is so blessed to kiss him every day.” 
Deep down, Vivian was very proud of her husband. Finnick was a perfect man. Although he appeared to be cold and aloof on the outside, he was kind and gentle on the inside. 
Along the way, Vivian bought a cake at a dessert shop to congratulate Finnick. By the time she reached home with the cake, Finnick was already sitting at the dining table. The housemaid, on the other hand, had already clocked out after making dinner. “What’s the occasion that you bought a cake?” Finnick asked. 
“I was scrolling through Twitter and it was flooded with discussions about Finnor Group’s new fund. I was happy for you, so I bought a cake on the way back to celebrate. Do you like this flavor?” 
Finnick opened the cake box to see that it was a tiramisu cake. Based on Vivian’s observation, Finnick disliked sweet things, so a tiramisu cake with a light bitter taster was just right. “I like whatever you buy,” Finnick said. 
Feeling shy, Vivian changed the topic, “Your company’s fund will be launching soon, isn’t it?” 
“Our company is indeed preparing to launch a new fund. Once everything’s settled, I’ll take you to the press conference and I’ll get Glamour Magazine to do the interview,” Finnick said. 
Vivian’s eyes immediately brightened at that. She stood up, bowed to him, and said, “Thank you for giving Glamour Magazine this opportunity.”
Finnick feigned a haughty look as he pointed at the dishes on the table and said, “I want to eat this. Feed me!”
###Chapter 215
Chapter 215 
Vivian deliberately picked up a piece of meat with a fork and put it to the side of Finnick’s mouth. 
Finnick shook his head. “Feed me with your mouth.” 
Vivian was about to snap when Finnick cocked an eyebrow and added, “Do you still want to interview us at the press conference?” 
Bullying me, aren’t you? You jerk! 
But for the sake of the magazine company, Vivian obediently put the piece of meat in her mouth and moved closer to Finnick. With a stretch of his hand, Vivian fell on his lap as he caught the meat with his mouth, thereafter mashing his lips against hers. 
Over the next few days, Finnick was so busy with the new fund that he would only return home late at night. Vivian’s heart ached for him. No matter how late it was, she would stay up to wait for him just so she could give him a massage and allow him to do her and caress her however he pleased. 
Although Finnick was the one moving all the time, he needed it to relax his mind. This day, a few people from Glamour Magazine had gathered to discuss the theme and content for the magazine’s next issue. None of the recent events was newsworthy besides the launching of Finnor Group’s new fund. However, not every media outlet was eligible to attend the press conference. If other magazines were to steal the limelight with such an exclusive story, their magazine sales this time would most definitely hit rock bottom. Just as everyone was racking their brains for ideas, Vivian piped up, “Perhaps we can attend the press conference.” 
Lesley, the senior editor, suddenly saw hope.
Wasn’t it Vivian who took the credit for the picture of Finnick and Yasmin previously? “You have an idea?” Everyone spoke in unison. 
As Mrs. Norton, Vivian suddenly piped down, feeling a tad guilty. “Come on, Vivian. Tell us. What is it?” Sarah prodded, nudging her. 
Vivian mustered her courage and said, “Um, my husband told me a few days ago that Glamour Magazine is also on the list of outlets media to be invited by Finnor Group. I guess they didn’t get to inform us yet.” 
Damn! Vivian’s husband sure is impressive! Glamour Magazine is going to prosper this year! With this piece of information, we can start preparing now and catch our competitors off guard! 
“Your husband sure is amazing, Vivian. I admire him so much! It’s like he always there to seal the deal when it comes to matter with Finnor Group. Your husband is definitely not an ordinary employee,” Sarah said. 
“Nah, he’s not that great… Maybe it’s just a coincidence,” Vivian said sheepishly. 
“Whatever it is, you’ve saved us again, Vivian. You’ve saved the entire company. We should treat you to dinner tonight. What do you guys think?” Jenny asked. 
“Yes, yes. Vivian is the lucky star of our company. Ask your husband to come with you,” someone chimed in. 
“No, no, no. It’s okay. You guys don’t have to stand on ceremony. Besides, my husband is busy,” Vivian said in a fluster. 
“Hey, Vivian. What exactly does your husband work as at Finnor Group? If he’s that capable and all- knowing, could he be a janitor who can run around from office to office?” Shannon, the black-hearted
and jealous woman and the killjoy of the company, gave a spiteful remark, earning herself a glare from Sarah and Jenny. Sarah couldn’t help but gossip again as she asked, “Vivian, tell us, quick. What does your husband do? I’m sure he’s not a janitor. Someone is just jealous and has a foul mouth!” 
“Who the hell are you talking about, Sarah?” Shannon exploded. 
“Who am I talking about?” Sarah looked askance at her. “Who do you think so?” 
“Hmph!” Shannon grabbed her notebook and left the office in a fit of rage. Faced with everyone’s incessant questions and curious eyes, Vivian said helplessly, “I’m sorry. I just remembered that I have an interview later and I’ll have to leave soon. We’ll talk again next time.”
###Chapter 216
Chapter 216 
Vivian fled, only to intrigue her colleagues further. 
Why is Vivian so secretive about her husband? Why does she refuse to introduce him all the time? When Vivian exited the company, she received a call from Harvey. “Vivian, I heard that your mother has woken up. How is she? Was she hospitalized again?” Harvey asked. 
“Mom has woken up, and she’s doing fine now. She needs to rest,” Vivian replied. 
Harvey started reminiscing about the past, how he had fallen in love with Rachel at first sight at those long black hair that cascaded down her shoulders and that pair of beautiful red lips. 
Unfortunately, he had to give up on her as he had to rely on Emma’s family’s help to deal with the crisis that the Miller family’s company was facing at that time. For many years, Vivian had held a grudge against him for his own perfidy, and Emma had not given Rachel a break, never letting him get closer to her. 
Now that Rachel had woken up, he simply wanted to give her a call and listen to her voice and ask for her forgiveness. Just as Harvey was lost for words, Emma, who came out of nowhere, snatched the phone from him. “Hello? Vivian, is that you? It’s me, Emma. We’re having dinner together this weekend and you have to join us.” Upon hearing Emma’s voice, Vivian’s hatred for her obsequious father deepened. 
How did he even fall in love with such a violent woman? 
Vivian didn’t want to go back when she recalled how she was treated the last time she went back. She had had enough, and she wanted to avoid them as much as she could, so she said, “I’m sorry. I’ll be working overtime on Sunday.”
“Overtime? That’s not a problem,” Emma laughed dryly. 
“Isn’t Fabian your supervisor? I’ll just ask him to give you a day off on that day. I don’t care. You must come this Sunday.” 
Why is she insisting on me going over this Sunday? She’s not the kind of person who would graciously extent an invitation. 
Unable to turn her down, Vivian had no choice but to agree. Emma hung up in satisfaction and gave Harvey a dirty look. “Don’t look for Rachel ever again. Just pretend she didn’t wake up.” 
Harvey had wanted to ask more about Rachel’s condition. But seeing that Emma had hung up the phone, he lowered his head in silence. 
I guess I can only try to ask Vivian when she comes back this Sunday. 
Finnick knew at once that it wasn’t a pleasant phone call from the frown on Vivian’s face. He asked, “How about I go with you?” 
After a moment of hesitation, she said, “It’s fine. I’ll go on my own.” 
Knowing the situation at home and the despicable attitude of those people, she didn’t want him to get involved in such a problematic household. At the same time, she wanted to have a little more dignity in front of Finnick. Sunday soon arrived, and Vivian turned up at the Miller family’s doorstep as promised. 
After knocking on the door, the housemaid ushered her inside. Emma was sitting on the sofa, drinking tea, and sitting opposite her were Ashley and Fabian. Seeing that Vivian had arrived, Emma got up with a smug look on her face, saying, “What took you so long? The whole family is waiting for you.”
When Fabian looked back and saw that it was Vivian, his heart lurched. “I’m sorry. I was caught in a traffic jam,” Vivian explained. 
Fabian quickly eased the situation. “Oh, it’s all right. We’ve just arrived as well.” 
Ashley put on a placid look, not wanting to acknowledge her or spare her a glance. “Tell Sir to get ready for dinner,” Emma said to the housemaid. “He’s in his study tinkering with something.” 
Emma seems exceptionally happy today. Did something good happen?
###Chapter 217
Chapter 217 
“Vivian, you’re here.” Harvey was elated to see his daughter when he came out from the study. “Come, let’s eat.” 
Vivian followed Harvey to the dining table. The dining table, decorated with a large bouquet of flowers, was set with many dishes and a bottle of wine that Harvey had treasured for years. Once everyone was seated, they were each poured a glass of wine. “Today’s a very special day,” Emma started, raising her glass. “My daughter, Ashley is pregnant and she and Fabian are getting married!” 
I get it now. That’s the Emma I know. She just wants to show off. 
Emma was very pleased with Fabian as she kept refilling his plate. Seeing that Vivian was eating silently with her head down, Emma assumed she was having an inferiority complex as she said, “Vivian, you’re married, too. Why didn’t you come over with your husband today? Is it because he’s too poor and you dared not bring him home? Haha, it makes sense now that I think about it. How can your husband be compared to Fabian?” Vivian put down her cutlery. “I’m done. Enjoy your meal.” 
“What’s the hurry? Have a few more drinks. Don’t be a party pooper,” Emma said. 
Ashley tried to stop Emma’s antics, but the latter simply didn’t care nor did she understand. Fabian didn’t feel good inside. He wanted to protect Vivian when he saw how she was being tormented by Emma. But now that he was about to get married to Ashley, who was he to do that? “Look at that filthy ring on your finger. Can your husband even feed you?” Emma continued. “You’d better not come back with him and ask your father for money. Ah, with no charm and no innocence, you can only marry a poor man. Your whole life is over. A woman should live a comfortable life and be treated like a princess. That’s a happy life. What a pity, Vivian. Why is your life so pathetic?”
“Mom, let’s talk about something else,” Ashley tried to tell her mother to shut up and stop talking. But Emma wouldn’t back down. 
She was determined to let Vivian know today that she was no match for her daughter. “Ashley’s really kind, isn’t she? She’s afraid that you’ll feel inferior as her elder sister. Don’t take it too hard, eh?” Emma went on. “You’ll never turn your life around. It’s not easy to climb to the top from the bottom. When will you become rich when you don’t even have the capability? Fabian’s the son of the Norton family, who has a silver-spoon upbringing. I don’t have to worry about Ashley marrying him. I’m sure he won’t let Ashley suffer.” 
“Mom, stop it!” Ashley shouted in embarrassment. 
You’re only humiliating yourself! If only you knew who Vivian’s husband is… Emma refused to stop bragging and was just about to speak when Harvey received a call. 
Seeing how Harvey’s expression had changed, as though his soul had left his body after answering the call, Emma inched closer to him and asked, “What happened? You don’t look so good.” Harvey feigned calmness. 
But the more he tried to hide, the more he exposed himself. Emma’s skin prickled with apprehension. “That big business of the Miller family is under investigation. I don’t know who did that, but all the funds of the company might be frozen,” Harvey said. 
Emma’s face paled at that piece of shocking news. She refused to believe it was true. 
“You’re lying to me, aren’t you, Harvey? Say something! T-This isn’t true, isn’t it? This isn’t true…” Emma stammered. 
“It’s true! The Miller family is done for!” Harvey declared with a grim expression.
The Miller family had invested a lot in this business, even taking loans from the bank. If something shady were to be discovered during the investigation, the Miller family would be at risk of bankruptcy.
###Chapter 218
Chapter 218 
Ashley couldn’t care less about her image anymore, as she looked like a cat on hot bricks. 
It wasn’t easy for Fabian and me to get together. Now that the Miller family’s in trouble, what would Fabian think of me? Would he take a penniless woman as his wife? 
“Fabian, what should we do? What should I do? You must think of something to help Dad!” Ashley implored. 
“Nothing can go wrong with this business deal or the Miller family is finished!” Emma was psyched out as well. 
Frozen account? God! Are we going to go bankrupt? How am I supposed to live without all these luxuries? 
“What have you done, Harvey? How could you let the company get into trouble?” Emma rebuked. “Have you offended anyone? Or were you cheated? Why is my life so miserable? I’m finally at the age to enjoy a happy life after suffering with you for so many years. How are we going to pay off this debt in this lifetime?” 
At that, Emma started sobbing. As Ashley went up to comfort her, her tears started falling as well. 
Fabian frowned. 
“Don’t worry, Mr. and Mrs. Miller. I’ll see to the end of this. You need not worry too much. Just take care of yourself.” Harvey reproached himself as well. 
How could I be so careless? I was sure that there wasn’t any problem when I investigated them previously. Why is it so sudden that we’re being investigated to the point of getting our accounts
frozen? 
Fabian walked toward the windows and made a few calls. Vivian was also taken aback by the sudden change in her family. Emma was just showing off her luxurious life and her rich son-in-law when her hopes and dreams shattered within seconds. 
Life sure is unpredictable. 
Emma was still bawling her eyes out while Ashley and Harvey had lost their spirits. After making a few calls, Fabian came back, looking even worse. “This matter is not that simple. The other party is very mysterious and powerful. Even my men aren’t capable to find out who he is at the moment.” 
Hearing that, Emma’s body was wracked with sobs. “Who is it who wants to cross the Miller family so much?” 
Harvey sat frozen on the couch, clutching his chest. 
Fabian quickly poured him a glass of warm water, comforting him at the side. Feeling that her presence was somewhat unnecessary, Vivian quietly left the Miller residence. 
At Vivian’s retreating back, Ashley was suddenly reminded of Finnick’s warning that he would make the Miller family pay if they were to bully Vivian again. 
Yes, this must be it! It’s Finnick! Who else in Sunshine City could have such power to strike so mercilessly? 
Ashley quickly caught up with Vivian, grabbing her by the arm to stop her from leaving. Surprised, Vivian barked, “What the hell is your problem, Ashley? What did I do to you? Let me go!”
“The nerve of you to ask me that! How cruel of you to not even spare your own father, Vivian. You’re a demon!” Ashley snapped. 
Vivian still couldn’t wrap her head around Ashley’s words. “Tell me, did you ask Finnick to teach the Miller family a lesson?” Ashley questioned. “My dad is your dad, too. How could you be so shameless? I stole your man, so you want to get back at us, don’t you?” 
Where does that even come from? I’ve never told Finnick about that. I’m not that petty to do such things to vent my anger.
###Chapter 219
Chapter 219 
“Don’t you dare accuse me, Ashley,” Vivian snapped back. “I’m not as nasty as you say. You think I’m as bored as you are to do this? Hear me, Ashley. It wasn’t me and I don’t see the need for this.” 
No matter how much Vivian denied it, Ashley was certain that she was the one who instigated Finnick to do this. 
“It’s not enough that you hooked up with my fiancé, but now you’re sending your husband to mess with the Miller family. You want to cut off our financial resources and live a poor life like you, don’t you? Haha, I really underestimated you! Call Finnick now and ask him to stop! Hurry!” 
How could I have such an evil sister? 
“Watch your mouth, Ashley,” Vivian said expressionlessly. “I’ve never hooked up with Fabian, nor did I ask Finnick to mess with you. This is all your imagination! It saddens me to know you guys. I’m off now.” 
“Where do you think you’re going?” Ashley tugged at Vivian and wouldn’t let her leave at all. “Don’t you think about leaving until this is settled, Vivian. Get back here, you b*tch!” Vivian and Ashley were tugging at each other in the garden when the latter accidentally took a fall. Vivian instinctively went forward to help her up, but she flung her arm away with a swing. 
“I don’t need your help! Stop pretending, Vivian!” Ashley screamed. “You think I’m stupid? You’re jealous inside. You just can’t stand the fact that Fabian and I are getting married. Just like how you used to tear my princess dress when we were younger!” 
Vivian froze. “Princess dress? What princess dress?” 
“Stop pretending, Vivian,” Ashley sneered. “How can you be so forgetful?”
Vivian might have forgotten, but Ashley could still remember like it was yesterday. 
“I bought a very pretty limited edition Disney princess dress when we were younger. You were jealous of me, so you damaged it on purpose while we were away. You may have forgotten such nasty things, but I can still remember them very well!” Ashley said angrily. 
Vivian thought about it for a long time and only then did she remember that there was such an episode. When she was just a little girl, Rachel, who had been sick and incapable back then, entrusted Harvey to look after her temporarily. That day, Ashley had come home happily, holding a limited edition Disney princess dress in her hands. It was the most beautiful dress Vivian had ever seen, and it made her envious. 
There’s a princess living in every little girls’ heart and Vivian was no exception. 
Vivian had told Ashley that she wanted to borrow it and wear it once. But Ashley wouldn’t allow it, no matter what. She had even called Vivian a beggar who didn’t deserve to wear a dress and that she should be begging on the street. Vivian was extremely upset and had returned to her room without having any dinner. But Vivian couldn’t seem to forget about that dress. Therefore, seizing the opportunity while the family had left her alone at home one day, she secretly put on the dress and went roaming on the street. 
It was a sunny day for the young Vivian. 
There was no one on the street, making her feel as though as she had arrived in a fairytale. 
Then it appeared that something had happened that caused her to damage the dress. 
Ashley had burst out in anger when she returned and had Harvey and Emma castigate her.
Vivian’s brows creased into a slight frown. If it weren’t for Ashley who reminded her, that piece of memory would have remained buried in the ground.
###Chapter 220
Chapter 220 
As Vivian was still trying hard to retrieve her memory, Ashley interrupted her train of thought, “Hey! Don’t you think you can deny the fact just because you’re quiet! You’ve been a jealous b*tch since you were a kid and now you’re getting even more aggressive by trying to steal my man and making me bankrupt! How could there be such an evil woman like you in this world?” 
Goaded beyond endurance, Vivian retorted, “I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again. I’m not interested in your things. I’m really sorry about the princess dress, but I definitely didn’t do it on purpose. Besides, you’d tormented me enough by having me scrub the dishes at your place for days. What happened to the Miller family this time has nothing to do with me.” 
Despite the explanation, Ashley was adamant that the seizure of the Miller family’s company was her doing. Not wanting to dwell on this matter with her, Vivian simply left the Miller residence in frustration. 
On the way, Vivian was suddenly reminded of a picture that Finnick had shown her before this—the picture of Finnick’s savior from childhood. In the picture, the little girl seemed to be wearing a dress identical to Ashley’s Disney princess dress. Vivian thought it was a coincidence. As for the investigation with the Miller family’s company, Ashley’s suspicion wasn’t entirely impossible because it was too sudden and it happened shortly after the charity auction. 
Vivian decided to ask Finnick when she went back to unravel the truth, lest Ashley badger her about it. 
At the Norton residence, Finnick was waiting for Vivian at the door in his wheelchair. Stunned and heartbroken at the sight, Vivian said, “Why are you sitting alone outside? Let’s get back inside. I’ll get the housemaid to fix you with something warm.” 
Finnick gave Vivian a once-over. “Are you all right? Did the Miller family trouble you?”
Vivian shook her head and made a swirl in front of Finnick. “I’m fine. Look at me. I’m standing here in one piece, aren’t I?” 
Only then did Finnick return inside with Vivian in relief. The housemaid fixed Finnick a cup of hot cocoa. Vivian urged Finnick to drink it while it was hot before speaking hesitantly, “So I was with the Miller family today, and it turned out that Emma wanted to brag in front of me that Ashley and Fabian are getting married. Later on, my dad received a call saying that one of his business dealings is under investigation and his account got frozen. It seems like they’re going bankrupt soon.” 
Finnick nodded. “I know.” 
“You know about this? So Ashley was right. It was you behind the Miller family’s crisis, wasn’t it?” Vivian questioned. 
“Yes,” Finnick admitted straightforwardly. “I want to teach them a lesson, especially Ashley.” 
Vivian knew he was doing this for her, and it was because he was worried about her safety that he waited for her in the cold wind just now. Vivian was very touched deep inside. For the first time, someone was willing to wait for her and protect her. So how could she get mad at him? However, it would be too tragic for the Miller family if their company collapse. 
Having survived the hard times, Vivian couldn’t bear to see the family suffer. “Is it too hard for you?” Finnick asked. “You can’t be too merciful to the enemy or they’ll think you’re an easy target.” 
What’s done is done. What else can I do? Let him down? Wouldn’t I be too ungrateful then? I’ve seen how scary he can be when he gets angry. 
Vivian sighed. “Forget that. I know you’re doing this for me. Besides, I couldn’t care less about the Miller family’s affairs. Just do whatever you want. But uh, just give them a little lesson and call it even. I
don’t want you to sacrifice so much for me.” 
Finnick nodded. 
He knew his limits. If it weren’t for Vivian, he wouldn’t have dealt with them at all. He simply wanted to let them know that his woman was not someone they could mess with.
###Chapter 221
Chapter 221 
Ashley turned back and returned to the living room. 
Harvey was sitting on the sofa, holding Emma in his arms. They were on the verge of breaking down. “I’ve always played by the rules and never held a grudge against someone when it comes to business. Who is it who wants to destroy the Miller family this time? I’m really stumped,” Harvey said, then noticing Ashley’s odd demeanor when she returned from the outside, he asked, “What are you thinking, Ashley? Did something happen?” 
Ashley looked at Harvey, wondering if she should tell her father the truth. She didn’t want to exalt Vivian’s identity in front of her father, but she had no other choice now, seeing how they were standing on the edge of a cliff. 
“Dad,” she said. “Perhaps it isn’t you but me who has offended someone.” 
“You?” Harvey was baffled. “Ashley, what do you know? Who have you offended?” 
With that temper of hers, it’s not surprising that she has crossed someone. But who exactly is that person to have such power that even Fabian was momentarily helpless? 
Afraid that she was no match for Finnick, she said, “If I’m right, what happens to the Miller family is an act of revenge by the president of Finnor Group, Finnick Norton. He’s the second son of the Norton family and Fabian’s uncle.” 
Finnick Norton! The famous Finnick Norton! The cold and formidable Finnick Norton! 
Finnick’s name came as a bombshell to Harvey and Emma. Finnick had always been quick and efficient in his work. With his astonishing ability and intelligence, he left his enemies trembling in fear, so much so that breathing became an arduous task. Finnick had a net worth of over a hundred million,
with many companies and properties under his command. His financial power alone was in a league of its own. 
Emma and Harvey were confused. 
The Miller family has no business dealings with him and, besides, Fabian is his nephew. Why is he sabotaging us? 
“How have you offended him, sweetie?” Emma asked. 
“Isn’t he Fabian’s uncle? That makes him your uncle too.” Putting the Miller family’s affairs before her dignity, Ashley made a clean breast of the truth. She said, “If it weren’t for Vivian, that little b*tch, would I have crossed such a big shot like Finnick Norton? This is all her fault. The crisis of the Miller family this time has definitely got to do with her!” 
Fabian could say nothing in defense because he had suspected Finnick as well. 
There was only one reason why Finnick would destroy the Miller family, and that was to protect Vivian from getting hurt again. It was Ashley who had been provoking Finnick again and again that triggered Finnick to go hard on them. Truth be told, if Fabian were to be placed in that situation, perhaps he would have done something more ruthless than Finnick. 
Hearing that, Emma was even more confused. 
With that status of hers, how did she get acquainted with Finnick Norton? Why would he make such a drastic move for her? 
“How is that possible?” Harvey piped up, puzzled. “Vivian and Finnick Norton? How can there be a connection between them? They are two people of different worlds.”
Ashley sniggered, “How is not possible? They’re legally married.” Emma nearly fainted over at the information. 
“Mom!” Ashley quickly went up to help her.
###Chapter 222
Chapter 222 
Harvey had taken too many blows in a day that his thoughts were in a muddle. 
When did this happen? Finnick Norton is my son-in-law? He’s Vivian’s legal husband? 
Harvey didn’t have to ask Ashley to know that it must have been her who constantly sought trouble with Vivian that prompted Finnick’s revenge against the Miller family. 
Did Vivian know about this? Is my daughter finally getting her revenge? This must be karma! 
“Dad, the most important thing now is to find a way to solve this problem,” Ashley said. 
Yes, it’s easier now that we know the reason. 
Harvey said, “If it’s true that Vivian and Finnick Norton are behind this, then rest assured that I’ll see to it myself.” Emma pulled Ashley aside, whispering, “Say, how do you think Vivian got married to Finnick Norton? What did she do to seduce him?” 
“How do I know? I found about it suddenly,” Ashley said, feeling upset about how Vivian had stolen her limelight since her marriage with Finnick. 
“That little bastard!” Emma cursed. “How could she be so cruel to step on the Miller family after climbing the social ladder? And isn’t it unfair that a person like her found a rich husband? Hah! Just sit and watch. Finnick Norton will cast her aside once he’s done playing with her. By then, she’ll be just a piece of crap left on the streets, and Rachel William, that b*tch will have to suffer. These are just a nine days’ wonder and we’ll see about that!” Emma regretted mocking Vivian’s husband just now, thinking that the latter must have been laughing at her inside when she made a fool of herself. “Mom, once Dad fixes the matter with the company, I swear I won’t leave that little bastard alone!” Ashley said.
“You’d better not mess with Vivian,” Emma advised. “Isn’t it all because of you that the Miller family is in trouble this time? Just give it a break.” 
However, not willing to be outdone, Emma swore to herself that she wouldn’t let the mother-daughter pair have their way and that she would make sure to make their life a living hell. 
The next morning, the first ray of sunshine woke Vivian from her sleep. 
She turned to look at Finnick who was still soundly asleep. 
Everything about him was so perfect that her lips curled into a smile unknowingly. 
But unexpectedly, Finnick, who was pretending to be asleep, suddenly put his hand on her shoulder. 
Vivian was so embarrassed that she buried herself underneath the quilt. Following suit, Finnick pulled her into his arms and gave her a long, lingering kiss. He was just about to remove her clothes when he heard the woman say, “S-Stop it. Since we’re both today, how about we do something else?” 
Thinking it was too much for her body to handle if they were to do it all the time, he reluctantly let her go and said softly, “It’s so sunny outside and it’s the weekend. How about I take you out for a walk?” Vivian gave it some thought and realized that she had never gone out alone with Finnick. 
So… is this a date? 
Vivian was feeling nervous inside, but more than that, she was excited as she nodded and said, “I’ll go and get ready.” 
She walked toward the dressing table and stared at the table full of expensive makeup, feeling an imminent headache as she didn’t know how to begin.
###Chapter 223
Chapter 223 
It’s our first date. I should at least put on nice makeup, right? But given my makeup skills, am I shooting myself in the foot? 
Just as Vivian was in a quandary, she received a call from Harvey. 
Vivian couldn’t help frowning. 
But the caller was her father, after all, so she answered the call. “Vivian, I need you to come back to the Miller residence.” Harvey sounded anxious. “It’s urgent.” 
This is one of the few times that Dad has taken the initiative to ask me to go home. What good could it come out of this? Is he in the mood for a family reunion? Obviously not. He’s calling me because he needs something. 
“Maybe next time. I’m busy today,” Vivian said. 
“Just come over, Vivian. The Miller residence is also your home,” Harvey said. 
“Dad, since when is the Miller residence my home?” Vivian asked, feeling disgusted by her father’s words. “Speak no more. I’m not going back. At least, not today.” 
“Vivian! I’m actually sick!” Harvey started coughing violently. “Just come and see me.” 
Dad’s sick? He has weak lungs. Did the seizure of his company cause his health to deteriorate? 
Vivian’s heart softened as she promised to visit him later. Hanging up, she looked apologetically at Finnick. “I’m afraid I can’t go out with you today. My dad seems to be seriously ill, and he insisted that I go back to see him.”
Finnick thought for a moment before saying, “I’ll go with you.” 
Is it okay for him to come with me at this time? What if they have found out that Finnick was the one behind all this? Will they take him alive? 
At Vivian’s hesitant look, Finnick said, “I must go with you. I’m worried about you.” 
“Okay.” Vivian could only compromise. 
Thereafter, Finnick gave Noah a call and told him to drive them there. 
Arriving at the Miller residence, Vivian told Finnick and Noah to wait for her in the car. Finnick didn’t insist this time as he nodded and watched as Vivian got down from the car. “Mr. Norton,” Noah piped up after Vivian left. “Are we just going to let Mrs. Norton go in alone? What if it’s dangerous?” 
“I’m not worried about that at the moment. They don’t have the guts to touch her yet,” Finnick said. 
“Mr. Norton, do you really think this Harvey Miller is terribly sick?” Noah added. “I heard nothing about it. Is there another purpose that they called Mrs. Norton to the Miller residence?” 
Finnick snorted, “In short, just know that they are up to no good.” Vivian knew at once that she was deceived when she saw Harvey, Ashley and Emma sitting in the living room. She was just about to leave when Ashley squawked, “Vivian! Leaving so soon? We haven’t even spoken yet.” 
Vivian stopped in her tracks, reckoning that there was no escape today. 
“Dad, didn’t you say you were sick? Looks like you’re okay now, so I guess I’ll go then,” Vivian said. Emma gave Ashley a look before walking up to her gleefully. “Oh, Vivian. There’s no such thing as an overnight grudge in a family. Come sit. Have some tea and dessert.” 
What’s with Emma today? What’s with the kind gesture?
Vivian was scared silly as Emma forced her to sit on the sofa. “I heard you got married to Finnick Norton,” Emma said. “This is indeed a godsent marriage. Bring him home for dinner someday.” 
They know that I’m married to Finnick? Ashley must have told them. 
Vivian remained silent upon grasping the situation and their intentions. 
Seeing that there was no reaction from Vivian, Harvey cut to the chase as he said, “Vivian, you have to help me this time. Ask Finnick to spare the Miller family. There’s no bad blood between us, right? So why take it so seriously?”
###Chapter 224
Chapter 224 
They are such a bunch of hypocrites! Back in the day, they have been looking down upon me! I can’t believe they have the audacity to bring up such an absurd request in front of me! 
Vivian sneered inwardly as she found them hilarious. She put on a calm front and replied, “I’m so sorry, but I have never poked my nose into Finnick’s business, and I have no intention to do so. Hence, I’m afraid I can’t be of much help.” 
The faces of those from the Miller family darkened upon hearing Vivian’s reply. 
Ashley was the first to bellow at her sister. “Vivian, how dare you forsake the wellbeing of your family members? Have you gotten full of yourself after becoming acquainted with an influential figure?” 
Emma played along with her daughter and pretended to reprimand her. “Ashley! You’re not allowed to talk to your sister in such a manner! I’m sure she’s not such a cold-hearted person! I have faith in her, and I’m certain that she will do us the favor to repay the kindness we’ve shown her back in the day. Am I right, Vivian?” 
Who are you to call me by my name? Stop making it sounds like we’re a family! Hearing them calling her name, Vivian almost puked from the sheer absurdity of the situation at hand. They’re nothing but a bunch of hypocrites! 
Harvey stepped forward and begged, “Vivian, this is a matter of life and death! The entire Miller family is relying on you! Since Finnick is head over heels in love with you, I’m sure he will listen to you. Can you please tell him to let the Miller family off the hook for once? Please!” 
Vivian raised her volume in return. “Dad, I told you before, I have never once poked my nose into his business. Even if I bring it up in front of him, I can’t be sure if he’s going to listen to me or not!”
“Vivian, I’m your biological father! Did you really think your mother would’ve been capable of bringing you up herself if it weren’t for the financial aids that I have provided you and your mother back in the day? If it weren’t for me, you would have long passed on due to starvation!” Harvey yelled hysterically as he could no longer keep his composure. 
The initially irritated Vivian felt dejected all of a sudden because his father finally revealed his true colors in front of her. 
Meanwhile, Harvey and Emma started bringing up everything that had occurred in the past. 
They told Vivian she should appreciate their so-called kindness and get Finnick to let the Miller family off the hook for once. 
Emma said, “When you were still young, I gave you a designer dress as a present! Ashley had merely put it on for a month before it was handed over to you! Do you recall the time others bought us a few Alaskan king crabs? We didn’t hesitate to share it with you! Have you forgotten the wonderful time we used to spend together as a family? How could you forsake us?” 
A designer dress? Are you talking about the dress that Ashley got bored of? The only reason why you handed it over to me was that your daughter deemed it ugly! As for the crabs, you only allowed me to have my share because it was no longer fresh! Do you really consider that as sharing? I had an upset tummy for a few days because of you! 
Vivian found them absurd because they had the guts to bring up their so-called act of kindness in front of her and demand repayment. 
She said, “Stop trying to guilt-trip me, it will never work! I have never wanted to put on the dress, neither have I wanted to have my share of the stale crab back then! Most importantly, I have never desired to be a part of this family! Are you going to stay away from my mother and me once I return the favor? Are you going to let us live in peace in the future?”
Emma’s face puckered as she thought to herself, Never! I won’t let you off the hook just yet! 
The moment Vivian recalled the incident she had gone through with her mother, she could feel her heart starting to ache. 
Back then, in order to sustain their lives, Rachel would take up several jobs simultaneously, spending most of her time working to the point where she could barely get any sleep. 
Because of that, Rachel had no choice but to leave the young Vivian with Harvey. Her long working hours made sure that she couldn’t take care of their daughter. 
She instructed Vivian to behave herself and refrain from causing others’ trouble whenever she was at the Miller family’s place. 
Vivian didn’t have to do any house chores when she stayed with Rachel, but once she started staying with those from the Miller family, Vivian had to do all sorts of chores under Emma’s supervision. 
Being naive then, Vivian dared not voice out against the unjust she had to go through. She would keep everything to herself and cry herself to sleep in the night as she didn’t want her mother to be worried. 
Harvey spent most of his time at the company, whereas Emma would bring Ashley to travel abroad. Vivian could vividly recall tagging along with the duo for their trips. 
Rachel thought Vivian had a great time staying with those from the Miller family due to their lavish lifestyle. She thought Vivian had the chance to live a care life instead of having a pathetic childhood by her side. 
As such, she told her daughter, “We have to rely on the Miller family for the time being because I can’t give you much, Vivian. I’m not a shameless woman, but I can’t possibly keep you by my side.
Otherwise, you’re going to turn into a fool like me. Promise me you’ll be an independent woman in the future. I want you to live a wonderful life.”
###Chapter 225
Chapter 225 
Vivian took note of her mother’s instructions and braced herself through all sorts of situations since she was a child. Although she seemed to be a fragile little girl, she was, in fact, a stubborn little girl who had never once relied on others. 
Little did Rachel know whenever Emma brought Vivian along with them for their trips, Vivian was never allowed to have fun. 
There was one time when Emma bought Ashley an ice cream and refused to get Vivian one. Instead, she simply instructed Vivian to get an umbrella to shield them from the sun. 
Naturally, Vivian refused to give in to her stepmother’s demand. 
In the end, Emma yelled at Vivian in the face, “Do you really consider yourself Ashley’s sister? Your sister is exposed to the scorching sun, yet you’re not willing to protect her? You’re such a little b*tch!” 
Whenever Vivian tagged along with them for a trip, she would be treated as though she was a maid. Vivian spent most of her time alone, admiring Ashley as she had all sorts of fun with Emma. 
Snapping out from her memory, Vivian watched as Emma went on and reprimanded, “Are you serious, Vivian? We took care of you when you were young! Is this how you’re going to repay us? Have you no shame at all? What about the expenses for your tertiary education? The Miller family was the one who footed the bill on your behalf! Do you think you’ll make it in life without the Miller family? How could you forget those whom you are indebted to?” 
“Vivian, you can’t forsake the Miller family! Otherwise, I’ll commit suicide if anything were to happen to the Miller family!” Harvey warned Vivian.
Hearing their words, Vivian regretted being the beneficiary of the Miller family over the years. Others might deem her an unfilial and villainous woman should she refuse to do them the favor. 
As she couldn’t make up her mind just yet, Vivian lost herself in the process of thought. Suddenly, those from the Miller family fell silent and had their eyes glued to something behind Vivian. 
Following their gaze, Vivian turned around and saw Finnick wheeling himself in on his wheelchair. 
Even though Finnick was wheelchair-bound, it didn’t seem to impact his majestic presence at all. In fact, it had become part of his identity as the almighty Mr. Norton. 
From the moment he showed up, he had inadvertently become the most superior figure in the room. 
Finnick surveyed the surroundings and noticed Vivian with her eyes brimmed with tears. 
After Emma and Harvey exchanged glances, they were about to say something, but they hesitated due to Finnick’s domineering presence. 
In the end, Harvey tried his best to form a complete sentence. “M-Mr. Norton? P-Please, do come in and join us…” 
Meanwhile, Emma, who could always find her way around others, greeted with a bright grin, “Hello, Mr. Norton! Come on in and join us! We were merely catching up with Vivian. What brings you here today?” 
Harvey couldn’t figure out the reason why Finnick had dropped by the Miller Residence. 
I can’t believe it! Finnick has dropped by the Miller Residence! What brings him here today? Is he going to acquire the Miller family as part of the Finnor Group, or is he here to strike a deal with me? 
Seeing that her husband had lost himself in the process of thought, just staring at Finnick in the eyes, Emma nudged her husband to snapped him out of his daze.
Harvey regained his composure and greeted, “O-Oh! Yes! T-That’s right! We were merely catching up with Vivian and reminiscing about the good old days! Although she had caused us a lot of troubles back then, she’s still part of the fam—” 
Finnick broke the silence in a callous tone before Harvey could finish his sentence. 
“I have heard the conversation.” 
Finnick’s indifferent statement took Emma and Harvey by surprise because they couldn’t be certain which part of the conversation that Finnick had heard. 
What exactly is he up to? Does that mean he isn’t here to strike a deal with me? Is he here for Vivian? Is he trying to protect Vivian? 
Finally aware of the goal of Finnick’s visit, Harvey decided to cut the small talk and stated timidly, “Since you’re here, I’ll just cut straight to the point. Mr. Norton, please be merciful and let us off the hook for once. I heard you have gotten married to Vivian. If that’s the case, that means you’re my son- in-law. Since we’re a family, we can sort this out easily, right?” 
Emma put on a superficial smile and played along with her husband. “He’s right! In the end, we’re a family! Vivian, you’re such a blessed woman to be able to marry Finnick! You should consider yourself lucky!” 
Finnick was disgusted by the pretentious duo’s behavior, trying to flattering him when they had made all sorts of harsh remarks against Vivian just mere moments ago. 
Earlier, he had been eavesdropping on the conversation at the entrance, but he could no longer resist the urge to rush to Vivian’s side when he saw that she was about to break down. Therefore, he was there to protect his beloved wife instead of reuniting with his so-called parents-in-law.
No one other than me gets to lay a finger or harass my wife! 
Seeing that Finnick was on the verge of raging, Vivian stopped him in the nick of time. “Finnick! Don’t, please.”
###Chapter 226
Chapter 226 
In return, Finnick frowned because he couldn’t believe Vivian would give in to the Millers and let them off the hook as requested. He gave it some thought and refused to give in just yet because he had never been known as a kind man. 
Truth be told, his ive was to destroy the Miller family, giving them a taste of their own medicine. Unless they learned their lesson and had a taste of poverty, they would never learn to be merciful. 
He lowered his gaze and stared at Vivian. The moment he noticed that her eyes had brimmed with tears, he could no longer suppress his frustration. “Vivian, are you sure you want to show them mercy? After all, they have been mistreating you throughout the years.” 
Vivian had her own thoughts and methods to resolve the issue that had been bothering her for years. Instead of being merciful, she decided to take the opportunity and sever ties with the Miller family. 
Indeed, she longed for vengeance against the Miller family. However, apart from getting rid of the grudge she had been holding against them, there was nothing else she could stand to gain. She could never move on from the Miller family as long as they were associated with one another. Since she had enough of them, she decided to bring everything to a halt. 
Vivian turned around and looked at Emma and Harvey in the eyes as she announced, “Yes, Finnick! I want to let those from the Miller family off the hook!” 
“Why?” Finnick asked as he was confused. 
“Finnick, I don’t feel that I owe the Miller family anything. Instead, it’s Harvey that owes us! He was the one who forced himself on my mother against her will and brought upon our miseries! My mother
conceived me due to his ignorant behavior, yet he had been neglecting us throughout the years. He has never once thought of us as his family member.” 
Upon hearing Vivian’s statement, Harvey lowered his head in guilt because Vivian was right. He was the one who had been neglecting Rachel and Vivian. 
Vivian continued, “All along, the Miller family has mistreated me, but I can’t possibly return the favor in a similar manner. Otherwise, I’m not much different from them. Finnick, please let the Miller family go. Instead of seeking vengeance, I want to live a peaceful life; a life without them.” 
Emma was ecstatic upon hearing Vivian’s words. Grinning from ear to ear, she said, “You’re right, Vivian! You made the right call as part of the family!” She turned around and told Finnick, “Mr. Norton, I’m sure you will listen to her, right? We shouldn’t go against one another since we’re a family!” 
Finnick cast a stern gaze and warned Emma, “Shut up!” 
Intimidated by Finnick’s presence, Emma took a step back, moving away from him. 
Meanwhile, Vivian chuckled when she heard her so-called stepmother’s statement. The woman had never considered Vivian and Rachel to be part of the family, yet she had the audacity to make such a statement in front of Finnick. 
As a matter of fact, Emma and Ashley had always considered Vivian a thorn in their flesh. They deemed themselves superior to her and wouldn’t stop humiliating Vivian. 
Throughout the years, the members of the Miller family, including the housemaids, looked down upon Vivian. 
Vivian replied with a poker face, “A family? Have you ever considered me part of the Miller family? Am I supposed to express my gratitude for the so-called kindness the Miller family has shown me over the
years? Is that how a family is supposed to treat one another? I don’t think so!” 
“Vivian, I-I…” Harvey stuttered once again as he felt guilty. 
As soon as Vivian finished her sentence, torrents of grief streamed down her cheeks unwittingly. 
A typical father would take good care of their daughter as though they were the apple of their eyes, yet her father had never once thought of her as his daughter. Harvey had always been a wimp in front of Emma. He would turn a blind eye whenever Ashley took advantage of Vivian. Never had he shown Vivian some love. 
If Dad had dropped by and visited Mom and me back then, perhaps things would turn out differently. Maybe Mom wouldn’t have to spend most of her time working several jobs, trying to sustain our lives at the cost of her health. 
No one could possibly understand the hardships and tormenting experiences Vivian had gone through over the years. 
She wiped her tears and repeated herself, “I’m returning the favor today by getting Finnick to let the Miller family off the hook as requested! From now onwards, I’m not part of the Miller family anymore! I believe all of you have been longing to sever ties with me, right? Since we’re no longer related, we should stay away from one another in the future! So please stop bothering Mom and me!” 
Harvey had no intention of severing ties with her biological daughter, let alone severing ties with her after she had gotten married to such an influential figure. 
It was evident Finnick was head over heels in love with Vivian. Therefore, Harvey was determined to use their relationship as leverage to achieve groundbreaking success.
Harvey informed Vivian, “Now, now, Vivian, aren’t you being a bit too rash? Although I might have let you down, you’re still my biological daughter—” 
Emma cut her husband off and replied, “Fine! Vivian, your mother and you should have never shown up in our life in the first place! Both of you are the ones who have disrupted the peace of the Miller family! If it weren’t for you, the Miller family wouldn’t have—”
###Chapter 227
Chapter 227 
Emma brought her speech to an abrupt halt the moment she detected Finnick’s penetrating gaze. In the end, she murmured to herself to express her frustration, “If it weren’t because of you, the Miller family wouldn’t have to go through this series of misfortune either! Hmph! How dare you think so highly of yourself?” 
Finnick scoffed, “Does that mean the Miller family is unwilling to adhere to the condition Vivian has imposed?” 
As soon as Emma and Harvey heard Finnick’s rhetorical question, they fell into the vicious cycle of despair yet again. 
They stared at Vivian in the eyes, signaling her to beg Finnick for mercy. 
On the other hand, Vivian was infuriated because Harvey and Emma had humiliated her in front of Finnick. 
Harvey begged, “Mr. Norton, please give us another chance!” 
He turned around and reprimanded his wife, “What are you waiting for? Hurry up and apologize to Vivian!” 
Albeit reluctantly, Emma brought herself to beg for pardon. “Vivian, I’m sure you’re not going to take my words personally, right? Please, pay no heed to my words, I didn’t mean it.” 
Emma could feel a chill down her spine as Finnick remained silent while glaring at her. 
Immediately after Emma caught a glimpse of his penetrating gaze, she changed her tone and apologized again. “Vivian, I’m…”
She had a hard time apologizing because she couldn’t bring herself to cast her dignity as Vivian’s stepmother aside, but she was aware of the consequences of her action since Finnick had made himself clear. In the end, she had no choice but to apologize for the sake of the Miller family’s future. Otherwise, the lavish lifestyle she enjoyed the most would perish over the night should she refuse to apologize. 
Finally, Emma muttered, “I’m so sorry, Vivian. Please forgive us for the things we have done to you back in the day.” 
Even though Emma had apologized, Vivian wasn’t pleased because she was aware that her stepmother didn’t mean it. 
Nevertheless, it was a miracle for Emma to admit her wrongdoings over the years. 
I guess this is the best possible outcome… From now onwards, we’re no longer related to one another. 
After Vivian made up her mind, she leaned over and told Finnick, “I’m tired.” 
She was exhausted for real because she didn’t want to be around the bunch of hypocrites anymore. 
Finnick’s heart wrenched when he noticed Vivian’s pair of swollen eyes. He felt a strong urge to teach the Miller family a lesson for offending the woman whom he loved wholeheartedly. 
However, he resisted the urge to take things out on the Miller family because Vivian had made herself clear. As long as they stayed away from Vivian, he would honor his promise. 
Finnick reached over and held Vivian’s frigid hand firmly. With his eyes glued to those from the Miller family, he warned, “I’ll let the Miller family off the hook this time for Vivian’s sake. However, I won’t hesitate to take all of you down if any of you repeat the same silly mistake.”
Harvey and Emma’s hearts skipped a beat. Standing right where they were, they dared not talk back against Finnick and Vivian. 
Emma assured the duo, “Don’t worry! We’ll definitely stay out of your sight in the future! Ashley will behave herself as well. We won’t repeat such a silly mistake again. Haha.” 
“You’d better remember your words! Otherwise, it’s going to cost you more than a fortune if you try anything silly in the future!” Finnick sneered. 
Harvey and Emma’s legs turned to jelly, feeling as though they would pass out anytime soon, they could barely pull themselves together anymore. 
Finnick had enough of the Miller family. He turned around and brought Vivian out of the Miller Residence. 
The moment they stepped out of the Miller Residence, Vivian felt lightheaded because the whole situation seemed so surreal. 
I guess it’s finally over, huh? From now onwards, I’m no longer related to Harvey and the Miller family. The torments that they have put me through don’t seem to matter anymore. 
Mom is the only family member I have from today onwards… No, wait, there’s Finnick too. 
Vivian felt warmth surging from deep within her when she recalled the existence of the two people whom she loved the most. She felt as though she had the strength to pick herself up once again. 
Once they walked out of the Miller Residence, Finnick brought Vivian back to his car and instructed Noah to send them home.
Along the way, Vivian stared blankly ahead in a daze, she would occasionally lower her gaze and her eyes would well up with tears. 
Finnick thought it was nigh time for Vivian to vent her frustrations. It was evident she could barely take it anymore after the series of confrontations she had gone through within a day. 
In fact, she would have long broken down if she wasn’t a tough woman. 
The Miller family is but a bunch of jerks! To think they would treat a fragile woman so cruelly… She must be feeling very sad now. 
Finnick pulled Vivian into his arms and asserted, “Everything is over. Feel to cry if you want to, you’ll feel better that way.” 
Leaning against his chest, Vivian felt a sense of security. She felt as though she had found a safe haven. 
Sobbing, she released all her pent-up emotions from all the injustice that she had suffered. For once in her life, she could shed her tough shell and be vulnerable in front of the man she loved. 
From the trauma and torment that she went through when she was young to the taunts and jeers that she received when she grew up, Vivian was relieved that it had finally come to an end. She could finally sever ties with those from the Miller family.
###Chapter 228
Chapter 228 
Thankfully, she could finally rid herself of the influence from the Miller family. 
Vivian felt as if a boulder had been lifted off her shoulder. She had no idea she had been bearing countless burdens by herself all this while. 
Finnick sat by her side, holding her in his arms silently. 
Once Vivian finished crying to her heart’s content, he lowered his gaze and asked, “Are you feeling better now?” 
After Vivian nodded in return, he asked once more, “Are you willing to tell me about your past yet? I’m all ears for you. I believe this will help to take things off your mind as well.” 
He kissed her on the cheek once he finished his sentence. 
Vivian wiped her tears dry and started sharing her miserable past with Finnick. 
“When I was young, the trio from the Miller family promised to bring me to the beach for a short getaway. I was thrilled because I had never been to a beach before. All I knew was that the ocean was blue with a horizon that would extend beyond the boundary.” 
Finnick inched over and placed Vivian’s head on his lap, instructing her to lie and relax. 
“I enjoy being by the beach because it gives me a sense of security. Back then, we dropped by the beach at Mauritius, which was a romantic place that I had been longing to go to for a long time. Mom wasn’t able to accompany me for the trip because of her work so she approved of the idea of me tagging along with the Millers. Initially, we had a great time as a family at the stunning beach, enjoying
the gentle breeze. However, things took a drastic turn for the worse as soon as Ashley dropped her doll into the bottom of a pit. She threw a tantrum and insisted on retrieving the doll.” 
Halfway through her orated statement, Vivian heaved a long sigh of despair because the upcoming part of the trip wasn’t as pleasing as the first part. 
“Until now, I still have no idea if it was a mere accident or if she had deliberately dropped her doll as a way to get the better of me. I’m not accusing her but I could still vividly recall the vicious grin on her face when Emma instructed me to pick it up on her behalf. Emma said I was a skinny girl. Therefore, I was the best candidate available to retrieve the doll from the narrow pit.” 
Vivian closed her eyes and recalled the entire incident she had gone through in Mauritius. 
Tears started streaming down her cheek once again as she muttered, “I was afraid because I had never approached the ocean before. The boulders were covered with slippery seaweed and sharp seashells. I managed to make my way to the bottom of the pit and retrieved the doll, but as a result, I was wounded by the shells. You can still see the scars that I have gotten from back then…” 
In fact, Finnick had noticed the scars that Vivian mentioned a long time ago. 
Never would he expect there would be such a heartbreaking incident associated with the scars. All along, he thought she must have accidentally wounded herself when she was young, thinking that perhaps she was a playful girl. 
Vivian added, “My wounds hurt because they were exposed to seawater, but Emma and Ashley ignored me and hailed a cab back to the hotel in advance. They said Dad was waiting for them to have their dinner together and left me alone. In the end, I had to make my way back to the hotel on my own.” 
Vivian could still remember how she was starving and in pain due to the wounds, yet she had to pull herself together and walked a great distance to reach the hotel.
By the time she reached the hotel, they had finished their dinner. They didn’t even bother to keep their leftover meal for her. As such, Vivian spent the night starving. 
She missed her mother after the series of misfortunate events she went through, but she put on a strong front and told Rachel she had fun when her mother asked if she enjoyed the trip. Vivian decided to lie because she was afraid that Rachel would be infuriated and feel upset should she figure out the truth. 
Finnick’s eyes flickered. He lowered his gaze and was about to say something to comfort Vivian, but he had always been a man of few words. 
In the end, he could only embrace her silently. 
Once Vivian finished sharing her miserable past with Finnick, she asked, “Do you regret letting the Miller family off the hook?” 
“Do you want to listen to the truth?” Finnick asked rhetorically before sharing his actual point of view with Vivian. It was evident he was displeased as he repeated himself in a callous tone. “I would’ve never promised you to let them off the hook if I was aware of the things you had to go through because of them. I would’ve taken them out without a second thought.” 
Vivian was afraid Finnick would go against his words after he figured out the miseries the Millers had put her through. She warned him, “We have a deal! You can’t go back on your words now!” 
He stared at her in the eyes before nodding to assure her. “Don’t worry. I’m a man of my words.” 
Heaving a sigh of relief, Vivian lowered her head and leaned on Finnick’s sturdy chest once more.
###Chapter 229
Chapter 229 
As she leaned on Finnick’s chest, Vivian heard his hoarse voice as he assured her, “As long as I’m by your side, I won’t allow anyone to bully you anymore. I’ll make up for the things you have never experienced as a child.” 
Vivian giggled, “I don’t think that’s necessary because I’m already having a great time with you by my side. You’re the only one I need to have a great life.” 
Thereafter, Finnick simply remained silent while running his fingers through her smooth hair. 
Once they returned to the villa, Vivian finished her meal before taking her shower. After which she tucked in and called it a day. 
After severing ties with the Miller family, Vivian felt as though she had been reincarnated. For the first time in forever, she slept soundly and peacefully. 
Vivian went to bed early in the evening, while Finnick spent the entire night working in his study room. 
Noah had everything sorted out and was about to leave when Finnick stopped him and queried, “How’s the preparation for the press conference going?” 
“Everything is ready,” Noah nodded and informed. 
“I want everything to be executed perfectly tomorrow,” Finnick emphasized. 
“Understood.” Noah nodded once more and took note of his boss’ instruction. 
The press conference for the newly established fund that would soon be set up by the Finnor Group was held the next day.
As such, Vivian and Finnick were roused from sleep early in the morning. 
Finnick got changed into a set of formal wear. His outfit had a relatively simple yet elegant design. It perfectly complemented his noble and majestic presence as the one superior to others in the upper echelon. 
Grinning unwittingly, Vivian had her eyes glued to the dressed-up Finnick. 
“What are you grinning for?” Finnick asked when he noticed the bright grin on Vivian’s face through the reflection in the mirror. 
“Nothing. It’s just that you look amazing!” Vivian didn’t bother to hold back her compliment at all. 
In return, Finnick’s lips curved upwards, forming a smirk as he stated, “You should get yourself dolled up as well.” 
Confused, she blinked and asked, “Me? That won’t be necessary since I’m merely a reporter. We’ve received the invitation from the representative of your company. My colleagues will be there as well.” 
Ding-dong! Ding-dong! 
Someone pressed the doorbell of the villa. 
It’s so early. Who could it be? 
Vivian rushed over to answer the door. The moment she opened it, a bunch of people with several boxes of equipment entered the villa. 
She was surprised because she couldn’t figure out the goal of their visit. 
“Good morning, Mr. Norton! Good morning, Mrs. Norton!”
Vivian’s eyes widened in disbelief. She turned around and asked Finnick, “What’s going—” 
Sitting on his wheelchair, Finnick told the bunch of people, “Great, you’re here. I’ll leave my beloved wife in your care today then.” 
Huh? What’s going on? Vivian couldn’t grasp the situation, she could only stare blankly as the bunch of people started unpacking the boxes they had brought along. 
Items including cosmetic products, essential oils, and tailor equipment could be found. Other than that, Finnick had also prepared a dress and jewelry for Vivian. 
Realization dawned on Vivian. they’re here to doll me up, similar to the time when I took part in the auction. 
Damn! Not again! Vivian was never a fan of dolling herself up because she found the process tormenting. 
They carried out their respective tasks, including putting make-up on her, polishing her nails, and styling her hair. After a short while, they finally had Vivian dolled up. 
Feeling confused, Vivian asked, “What are you up to? Why did you have me all dolled up?” 
“The press conference that will be held is crucial for the Finnor Group. Therefore, I want you to be part of the grand event of the group,” Finnick said. 
Staring at Vivian in the mirror, he was in a state of reverie as she seemed exceptionally stunning. 
However, Vivian thought that she looked comical and queried, “Huh? But I have to keep an eye on the conference as a fellow reporter. Why would I want to dress up ostentatiously?”
Just then, Finnick came up behind her and put on a heart-shaped diamond necklace on Vivian’s neck. It was a necklace with high clarity, making it exceptionally dazzling under the well-illuminated environment. 
He told his wife, “Here’s a present for you. Consider it a gift for your hard work at the press conference. What do you think? Do you like it?” 
Vivian nodded and said, “Of course! It’s such a stunning piece, but I think this is too expensive of a gift. I don’t think it’s suitable for me.” 
“Just keep it, okay? No one other than you deserves to have this necklace.” Finnick finished his sentence in a serious manner. 
She caressed the necklace over and over again. The fondness she had for the diamond necklace was increasing by the second because it was a gift from Finnick as a souvenir to express his affection. 
Suddenly, Vivian recalled the crystal necklace Finnick used to have and wondered if he had moved on from it. 
After enduring the tingling sensation on her face for an extended period, Vivian finally had herself dolled up ostentatiously. 
She seemed to have changed into an entirely different woman. To match the tulle dress and the dazzling necklace she had put on, the stylist combed her hair into a ponytail, complementing the overall look.
###Chapter 230
Chapter 230 
Vivian couldn’t stop checking on her appearance through the mirror as she found herself odd. 
She had always preferred dressing up casually as she prioritized comfort over her look. Currently, she had all sorts of designers item on her. She started wobbling due to the pair of high heels she had put on. 
In the end, she asked Finnick, “Are you sure it’s necessary for me to put on such a showy set of outfits?” 
“Of course!” Finnick beamed his reply. 
Fine. Since it’s what my husband wants, I guess I’ll go along with it. 
Finnick would never allow his wife to take the public transport to work after he had gone to great lengths to doll her up. Therefore, he instructed Noah to drop her off at her workplace and got another driver to send him to the venue of the press conference. 
The moment Vivian walked into the office building, her presence grabbed the attention of the men present. She lowered her gaze immediately and sprinted into the elevator. 
The person in charge of the elevator scrutinized Vivian from top to bottom. Feeling uncomfortable, Vivian’s palms started sweating as she had never once attracted others’ attention before. In fact, it was the first time in a few years after she started working in this particular office building that she had inadvertently become the center of attention. 
She regretted adhering to Finnick’s instruction because she couldn’t possibly get herself changed into another set of outfits. Since there wasn’t anything she could do about it, she braced herself and made her way into the magazine company.
Sarah, Jenny, and Ken were as busy as bees because they had to get everything ready before heading over to the venue of the press conference. 
The moment Sarah spotted a noble-looking woman making her way into their office, she rushed over and greeted, “Hello, how may I help you?” 
“Sarah, it’s me! I’m Vivian!” Vivian lowered her head and whispered because she was certain her colleague had mistaken her as a customer.” 
“Oh. My. God!” Sarah shrieked involuntarily. 
Everyone turned around the moment they noticed the commotion. They looked in the direction of Vivian and Sarah and thought Sarah had encountered a thief. 
“Vivian? Is it really you?” Sarah gaped at Vivian in awe. 
“Oh, my! It is you!” 
“Vivian! You are looking absolutely stunning!” 
Vivian’s colleagues couldn’t move their eyes away from her because she seemed different from her usual self. They were impressed by her noble-looking look and thought she must have some great news to share with them. 
Some of her colleagues even thought that she had lost her mind and undergone a drastic change in personality over the night. 
Sarah ran her fingers across Vivian’s dress. The moment she spotted the tag of the dress, she was taken aback yet again because it was a top-notch premium brand. In fact, the dress Vivian had put on seemed to be a custom-made piece. It would have cost at least hundreds of thousands. She couldn’t believe Vivian was dressed in such a mind-blowing piece.
“Wow! Vivian! I have come across this particular dress in the magazine! The dress of this brand cost a fortune! This is a custom-made piece, right?” 
Vivian shrugged Sarah’s hand off immediately because she felt uneasy. 
Just then, Sarah spotted the dazzling diamond necklace on Vivian’s neck. 
She pointed at the necklace immediately and asked, “Vivian, is your necklace made out of authentic diamonds? If it’s an imitated one, I must say it’s a job well done!” 
“Yes! It’s an imitated one! They did a great job, right?” Vivian got anxious and decided to go with the flow. 
“Really? Did you get it from the internet?” Sarah probed further. 
“Y-Yes, but I can’t really recall the name of the store anymore.” 
Vivian’s colleagues were intimidated by her majestic presence. In their eyes, she emanated the presence exclusive to those from the upper echelon. They didn’t expect she would turn into an entirely different person after she dolled herself up, in fact, they had always perceived Vivian to be just another pretty woman. 
Fabian, who had walked out of his office, was impressed the moment he caught a glimpse of Vivian’s ethereal look. 
It was the second time he ran into a properly dolled-up Vivian. She seemed to have reincarnated into another woman. I still remember that the last time I saw her in a similar look, it was at the auction. 
Suddenly, Fabian recalled the press conference for Finnor Group’s latest established fund would be held soon. Oh, so that’s why she’s all dressed up.
Nevertheless, he couldn’t figure out the rationale behind Vivian’s decision to dress herself up in such an ostentatious manner because he knew she had never been a fan of such a flamboyant look. 
He had his eyes glued to her and thought she had changed drastically after getting into a relationship with Finnick. She had never been known for her beauty, but ever since she became Finnick’s wife, she had been stealing the limelight from others frequently. 
Fabian felt upset when he realized that the innocent-looking Vivian, whom he was familiar with since their university days, was now nowhere to be seen. She had since moved on from her sprightly self. 
Eventually, everyone, including Vivian, started tending to their respective tasks once again because the press conference would be held soon. 
Once they had everything sorted out, Vivian, Fabian, Sarah, Jenny, along with a few cameramen departed to the venue of Finnor Group’s press conference.
###Chapter 231
Chapter 231 
Fabian sat by Vivian’s side and spotted the diamond necklace she had put on. He was certain it was a gift from Finnick. 
Suddenly, he took a trip down memory lane and recalled he had given her a necklace back in the day. He had gotten Vivian a cheap necklace because of his disguise as a poor student. 
As he reminisces about the past, he felt regret gnawing at his heart. 
On the way over to the venue of the press conference, Ken asked, “Do you guys think Mrs. Norton will show up at the press conference? If she’s around, we mustn’t miss the opportunity to expose her look!” 
Fabian and Vivian exchanged glances upon hearing Ken’s statement. Immediately, they turned around and looked out the window, staring at the scene outside. 
Sarah tapped on Ken’s shoulder and instructed, “You’re right, Ken! You should forget about the conference and pay attention to the mysterious Mrs. Norton instead!” 
What? They want to snap photos of me? Vivian found her colleagues’ words hilarious because they would never achieve their goals. After all, the Mrs. Norton they were searching for had disguised herself as a reporter, hiding amongst fellow reporters that would attend the press conference. 
All of a sudden, Sarah asked Vivian, “Has your husband seen Mrs. Norton before? How does she look like? Is she attending the press conference today?” 
Vivian was startled by Sarah’s question. She stuttered in return, “H-He has never seen her before! B- Besides, I don’t think Mrs. Norton will be attending the press conference…”
Throughout their entire journey to the press conference, they kept speculating about Mrs. Norton’s look. there were several times when Vivian almost burst out laughing due to the absurdity of their remarks. 
It was a grand press conference. Every broadcast station in Sunshine City had dispatched a team to broadcast it. 
All sorts of luxurious vehicles could be found at the venue, including Maserati, Mercedes-Benz, BMW, Bentley, and a few custom-made vehicles exclusive to individuals with high net worth. 
Vivian’s colleagues were dumbfounded once they reached the venue of the press conference. They were in awe as they finally caught a glimpse of the upper echelon’s lavish lifestyle. 
Fabian reminded them, “All of you are here on behalf of Glamour Magazine. Have fun and enjoy, but don’t forget to behave yourselves. We must secure some exclusive news and photos for our upcoming issue!” 
“Don’t worry! We’ll give it our best!” 
Immediately after Fabian talked to others, he turned around and asked Vivian, “Since you’re all dressed up, are you sure you’ll be able to conduct the interview session?” 
“I can’t do anything about it because Finnick was the one who got a team of people over to dress me up. Don’t worry! I won’t allow it to get in the way of my work!” Vivian assured Fabian she had everything under control. 
Fabian found Vivian overly innocent at times. In the end, he muttered, “Vivian, that’s not what I meant. A-Actually, I’m trying to say that you look great today.” 
Vivian opened her mouth to reply to him but found herself to be at a loss for words.
Just then, Sarah urged Fabian and Vivian over immediately so that they could make their way into the venue as a team. 
Chefs specializing in different cuisines had been gathered to prepare a feast. There was a champagne tower, an over-the-top cake, and a variety of delicacies that were generously served. 
“Wow! This is such a grand press conference! This has really broadened my horizon!” Sarah’s eyes widened in disbelief due to the lavishness of the press conference. 
Individuals from the upper echelon and many celebrities could be found in the spacious hall. It could definitely be considered a million-dollar press conference. The guests of the press conference had dressed up properly and carried themselves in an elegant manner. Good-looking men and women could be found everywhere, engaging in a conversation with one another. 
Jenny couldn’t help but exclaim, “Damn! The Finnor Group is unbelievable! There’s a lot of renowned figures present! I can’t believe I have the chance to lay my eyes on people whom I can only see on the TV! Not to mention the guests who used to turn down our interview sessions are present as well!” 
The representatives of Glamour Magazine couldn’t help but express their gratitude to be given a chance to be part of such a grand press conference. 
Once they walked into the spacious hall, they headed over to their designated seat. 
Their peers from the industry were jealous of them because they managed to secure the best seats available for those from the media industry. 
Sarah and her colleagues were equally surprised because they didn’t expect they would be able to secure the most premium seats available. Is today our lucky day? How did we manage to secure such
great seats? We’re literally only a row away from the stage! Even the leading magazine company in Sunshine City has been seated behind us! 
However, the thing that took them by surprise the most was the fact Vivian had been arranged to be seated in the first row. The news anchor from the broadcast was merely given a corner seat in the first row, yet Vivian was given the center seat next to the VIP guests.
###Chapter 232
Chapter 232 
Vivian dared not take a seat on her designated seat in the first row. She took a step back and moved away as she felt uneasy. 
However, Jenny beckoned and stated, “Vivian, your seat is in the first row!” 
“No way! I’m not going to sit in the first row!” 
Nevertheless, she had to return to her designated seat since there wasn’t any seat available for Vivian after her colleagues took their seats. 
Feeling slightly dejected, she sat down on her seat in the first row. 
Finally, the press conference was about to begin. Deafening music and dazzling illumination were initiated in conjunction with Finnick’s entrance. 
Noah brought Finnick, who was wheelchair-bound, into the hall and up onto the stage. 
The guests who were present stared at Finnick in awe. The man emanated an ethereal presence, similar to those of superior leaders, intimidating those who were present. 
Eventually, Finnick started introducing the details of the fund, including its structural characteristic, contingency plan to counter the associated risks, and its pros and cons. However, Vivian wasn’t paying attention at all because she was in a state of reverie. 
She wasn’t the only one who had been charmed by Finnick’s ethereal appearance. A lot of guests had lost themselves in the process of thoughts, paying no heed to the details of the fund.
After some time, Vivian finally snapped out of her trance and returned to her usual self, focusing intently on Finnick’s speech. 
Halfway through the session, Vivian heard other guests discussing her beloved husband. 
“He’s so handsome! The fact that he’s bound to a wheelchair doesn’t impact his look at all! Mr. Norton is such an exceptional man! Too bad he’s already married to someone else!” 
“Such a pity indeed! He has been single for so many years! I can’t believe he’s gotten married to someone else out of the blue! Do you know what sort of woman managed to win him over?” 
“I have no idea, but I think it might have been a political marriage. Perhaps he isn’t in love with his wife at all. Maybe that’s the reason Mrs. Norton refused to show up in front of others?” 
“He’s such an exceptional man! I mean, he’s a great-looking and talented man with abundant wealth! I’m willing to spend a night in bed with him even if he’s a vegetative patient, let alone wheelchair- bound!” 
“Are you serious? Have you no shame at all?” 
Vivian was rendered speechless by the guests’ absurd remarks because they had gone overboard with their imagination involving Finnick. 
She looked toward Finnick, who was delivering his speech on the stage, and thought that he seemed to be in a league of his own, beyond others’ reach. On the other hand, Vivian seemed to be just another ordinary woman, whom Finnick could easily get his hands on. All of a sudden, she felt a strong sense of inferiority as Finnick’s unprecedented talent could easily put others, including her, to shame. 
She thought she didn’t deserve to be his wife at all because he was completely beyond her league. After all, she didn’t possess an equivalent background.
I wonder if Evelyn used to have such concerns when she was in a relationship with Finnick back in the day? 
As soon as the peculiar thought crossed Vivian’s mind, she decided to ditch it because she didn’t want such trivial matters to ruin the joyous occasion of her husband. 
She snapped out of her jumbled thoughts and decided to focus on Finnick’s speech. 
Finnick presented a comprehensive summary of the fund. After he wrapped up his speech, the guests applauded for the job well done. A reporter asked, “Mr. Norton, you have been introducing the fund nonstop, but you have yet to tell us the title of the fund. May I know what’s the title of the fund?” 
As soon as the other guests heard the question directed at Finnick by the reporter, they turned and looked in Finnick’s direction as they were equally curious. 
Finnick behaved calmly and asserted in a serious manner, “The title of the fund is V.M. Fund.” 
Vivian repeated the title of the fund in her mind. 
What? 
V.M. Fund? V.M… Could it stand for Vivian Miller? My name? 
Vivian was dumbfounded and at a loss for words all of a sudden. She couldn’t grasp the situation just yet due to the odd title of the fund. 
Does that mean Finnick named the fund after me? As soon as Vivian regained composure and noticed the things Finnick had done on her behalf, she was touched deep down. She finally figured out the reason he insisted on giving her the necklace as a souvenir.
In the next moment, however, she got anxious because Finnick had never told her he would be naming the fund after her. 
He’s such a tight-lipped man! Damn it! Am I going to be exposed in front of the others? 
That won’t happen, right? After all, Vivian is such a common name. As long as Finnick keeps others in the dark, I don’t think they will figure out my identity as Mrs. Norton. 
Just then, another reporter directed another question at Finnick. 
“Mr. Norton, is there a reason the fund has been named as such?” 
“The fund was named after my wife, Vivian. In fact, she’s here with us today,” Finnick explained himself nonchalantly. 
The crowd got pumped out and turned around in an attempt to locate Mrs. Norton the moment Finnick mentioned his wife was present. 
Mrs. Norton is here with us today? Does that mean Mr. Norton is going to reveal the identity of his wife? Goodness! This will definitely make it to the headlines! 
I can’t believe Mr. Norton has named the fund after his wife! They seem to be a lovely pair. I’m so envious of their relationship.
###Chapter 233
Chapter 233 
All sorts of thoughts crossed the guests’ minds and they couldn’t wait to figure out the actual look and identity of Mrs. Norton. 
Meanwhile, Sarah’s heart shattered into pieces upon hearing Finnick’s statement. 
She stated, “I can’t take it anymore! I can’t believe Mr. Norton is such a romantic man! Look at the affection he has for his wife! I’m almost moved to tears, and I’m not even his wife! Where’s my prince charming? When will the man who will go to great lengths for me in a similar manner show up?” 
A wild idea crossed her mind the moment she finished her sentence. She managed to link the missing pieces of puzzles together. Wait a minute… V.M. Fund? 
Vivian Miller? Vivian Miller Fund! 
Sarah snapped her head around and stared at Jenny in the eyes as she stuttered, “Hey J-Jenny, do you think V.M. Fund is referring to Vivian? Don’t you think it sounds too much of a mere coincidence?” 
Vivian’s heart almost leaped to her throat when she heard her colleagues’ query. 
She was about to explain herself and assure her colleagues it was a mere coincidence since Vivian was a common name. 
However, before she could deny their thoughts, Finnick stated, “V.M. Fund was established so that the name of my beloved wife, Vivian William, will live on forever.” 
With that, Vivian could no longer keep her colleagues in the dark since Finnick had announced her identity in front of everyone.
There was an uproar coming from the crowd because they finally figured out the actual name of Finnick’s wife. 
Vivian William! So that’s the name of Mrs. Norton! 
Apart from a certain someone, everyone in the hall got pumped up due to Finnick’s announcement. 
Knitting his brows and clenching his teeth unwittingly, Fabian was the only one who had a grim expression on his face. 
He was jealous of the fact that Finnick could express the affection he had for Vivian without any hesitation. Meanwhile, he would never be able to get Vivian back again. The distance between him and Vivian had never been farther, not only he would have to deal with Finnick, but he would also need to deal with his wife, Ashley, who was pregnant with their child. 
Staring at Vivian’s back as he was right behind her, he couldn’t help but feel a strong urge to figure out her reaction and response. 
Meanwhile, Vivian was surprised and shocked at the same time. She couldn’t be certain if she could consider it as a pleasant surprise. 
The bunch from Glamour Magazine almost went berserk the moment they heard Finnick’s announcement. 
They couldn’t believe that their colleague, Vivian, was the mysterious Mrs. Norton who had been hiding behind the scene all this while. 
Damn! Seriously? Vivian’s husband is Finnick? Mrs. Norton is Vivian? We’re not dreaming, are we? 
Sarah had her eyes glued to Finnick on the stage, but she nudged Ken and asked, “Hey, did you hear that? Or Am I hearing things? Did Mr. Norton just address Vivian as his wife?”
As soon as Ken recalled the conversation they had when they were on their way to the venue, he yelled in return, “I’m done! We’re done! We’re all doomed!” 
He couldn’t believe that Mrs. Norton, the wife of the almighty Finnor Group’s president, whom he had been teasing all this while, was one of his colleagues. 
Fabian, on the other hand, couldn’t help but admit that he was impressed, Finnick. I can’t believe you have the guts to express the affection you have for Vivian in such an extravagant manner. 
I definitely didn’t expect you would announce your relationship with Vivian in such a setting. Fabian got uneasy and increasingly frustrated as he turned the idea in his mind repetitively because he wouldn’t have any chance to win Vivian over anymore. 
Just then, Finnick brought himself down from the stage and made his way over to Vivian’s side. 
As soon as Finnick showed up in front of her, the crowd gasped in shock collectively. Consequently, Vivian’s heart started racing. 
Finnick reached over and held Vivian’s hand. He was certain that she must be feeling anxious and flustered deep down. 
As she had never been in the limelight before, Vivian stuttered, “F-Finnick, I-I…” 
Does he want me to join him on the stage? But I have never been on a stage before! 
Finnick was aware of Vivian’s concerns, so he assured her, “Everything will be fine. Just hold my hand and follow me.” 
Vivian hesitated. 
After all, she had been working behind the scene as a fellow reporter throughout the years.
She felt butterflies in her stomach because she had been put in the limelight against her will as part of the press conference’s finale. 
She wasn’t given a chance to turn Finnick down. Holding her hand, Finnick led her up to the stage with him. 
The guests cast their gaze onto Vivian as she made her way to the stage. 
The moment the spotlight shone on her, she felt like she was a protagonist of a fairy tale, wandering her way out of the fictional world. 
Vivian lost herself in the process of thought as she found the entire situation surreal. She wasn’t ready for the things that would be in store for her. 
She didn’t have her speech ready, yet she was exposed in front of the crowd after the announcement made by her husband. 
The confused woman finally realized the reason her husband had an entire team of people dropped by their house early in the morning. Turned out he wanted her to dress up properly because she would be taking part in the press conference. 
Once she was brought onto the stage, the reporters couldn’t suppress their excitement anymore as they had been anticipating Mrs. Norton’s arrival. They started snapping photos of Vivian. 
Vivian could barely open her eyes under the continuous flashes from countless cameras. Finally! We get to see Mrs. Norton! 
She’s such a gorgeous woman!
###Chapter 234
Chapter 234 
Mrs. Norton has finally revealed herself! She’s such a great-looking woman with a noble presence similar to that of Mr. Norton’s! 
Meanwhile, Sarah held on to her chest and panted heavily. “Oh, my God! I can’t believe Vivian is Mr. Norton’s wife! It turns out she’s Mrs. Norton! Somebody help! I can’t deal with this anymore! It’s too much for me to bear!” 
Jenny, who had long figured out Vivian’s actual identity, was the only one that was calm and collected. She told Ken, “What are you waiting for? Hurry up! Aren’t you here for Mrs. Norton’s photos?” 
“Why would I want to take her photos when I literally run into her on a daily basis?” Ken asked rhetorically in return. 
Sarah finally returned to her senses. She tapped on Ken’s head and bellowed, “Have you lost your mind? Since Vivian is Mrs. Norton, we have already secured ourselves the headline for the upcoming issue! How can we miss the opportunity to conduct an interview with her?” 
“Look at her! She’s stunning!” Sarah exclaimed once again to express her joy. 
Literally, every member of the team was excited and proud of Vivian. Fabian was the only one who seemed to be relatively displeased. 
Why? Why does Finnick get to flaunt his relationship with Vivian in front of others? Do they really think they’re in love with one another because they have gotten married? 
I don’t believe it! I’m sure Vivian would never fall for Finnick! She has never been a superficial woman! It would take more than a man’s wealth and fame to win her over!
Adorned by the crowd with a round of applause, Vivian, who was by Finnick’s side on the stage, finally regained her composure as her husband held on to her hand firmly. 
She leaned over and whispered, “Thank you, Finnick.” 
Holding on to Vivian’s hand firmly, Finnick then continued presenting the details of V.M. Fund in a serious manner. Vivian had completely calmed herself down as she stood by Finnick’s side. 
In a hoarse voice, Finnick stated, “V.M. Fund is Finnor Group’s fund with the highest return of investment. Since it has been named after my wife, I hope the fund will be able to achieve the goal of improving other’s living conditions through increased financial capabilities.” 
Although Finnick continued announcing all sorts of news regarding Finnor Group, Vivian, who was by her husband’s side, couldn’t focus on the speech anymore. She felt lightheaded due to the continuous flash coming from the cameras. 
Meanwhile, Sarah looked smug when she stated, “I can’t wait to see the look on Shannon’s face the moment she figures out Vivian’s actual identity as Mrs. Norton! Finally, she’s going to stop ridiculing Vivian on a daily basis!” 
Ken said, “Pftt, Shannon isn’t the only one who has to show Vivian some respect. We have to respect her as well!” 
Halfway through their conversation, Fabian instructed, “Shut up! No one is allowed to bring up Finnick’s name during work hours in the future! Have I made myself clear?” 
Although Sarah and Ken couldn’t figure out the reason Fabian was infuriated by Finnick’s presence, they nodded vigorously the moment they heard his words.
However, Sarah still stuck her tongue out to express her frustration in an attempt to retaliate against Fabian in silence. 
Finnick and Vivian, who were on the stage, walked towards the champagne tower and started pouring the first bottle of champagne into the glass at the top of the tower, indicating the initiation of the fund. 
After Finnick wrapped up his speech, he had the fund managers in charge of V.M. Fund’s operation take over the upcoming presentation. 
Finnick brought Vivian down from the stage and showed her the way back to her designated seat. Holding on to his wife’s hand, he stated, “Your hands are frigid.” 
Vivian’s lips twitched involuntarily. “I’m just nervous, I guess.” 
“Did I frighten you?” Finnick whispered after he took a peek at her. 
She shook her head in return because she wasn’t frightened at all. It was more of a pleasant surprise that had caught her off-guard. 
Although she couldn’t get used to being in the limelight, she was glad her husband had acknowledged her presence and identity. 
Soon, the press conference of the fund came to an end. Sarah and those from Glamour Magazine made their way back without Vivian. 
Fabian was in a foul mood; it was written all over his face. Hence, as they made their way back, those from Glamour Magazine were afraid they would accidentally provoke their chief editor. 
Sarah was the only fearless one. She remarked, “Vivian nailed it today! She’s the pride of Glamour Magazine! We should throw her a party to celebrate her success! Hopefully, the almighty Mr. Norton
will tag along with her and join us!” 
“Sarah, stop drooling over Mr. Norton. You do realize he’s Vivian’s husband, right?” Ken asked rhetorically. 
“I’m not drooling over him! I can vividly recall the first time we dropped by Mr. Norton’s office for an interview session with him. He behaved oddly back then and wouldn’t stop bringing up the issues of marriage in front of Vivian. It turned out he was flirting with Vivian! I just can’t believe that I was a witness to such a romantic moment!”
###Chapter 235
Chapter 235 
“Does that mean Vivian has long gotten married to Mr. Norton since the time both of you dropped by his office for the interview session?” Ken asked in return. 
“I think so because she has just put on her ring on the day we visited his office. It turned out she had gotten married to Mr. Norton right before the interview! Instead of keeping us in the dark, she should have told us! I can’t believe we have been speculating his husband to be a janitor all this while! My, my, I still can’t wrap my head around the fact that he’s the president of Finnor Group!” Vivian orated. 
Just then, Fabian cleared his throat to warn the irritating duo, causing silence to fell once more. 
Sarah noticed Fabian seemed to be irritated. Instead of sharing the joy, he had a grim expression the moment the conference ended. Although she couldn’t figure out the reason behind his irritation, she decided to keep her mouth shut as instructed. 
Meanwhile, Vivian, who had walked out of the venue of the press conference, felt as though she could finally catch her breath. 
She wanted to make her way back to the office, but Finnick dismissed her request, saying he wanted to bring her elsewhere. 
Vivian gave it a thought and decided to take a day off from her work. Otherwise, her colleagues would definitely bombard her with all sorts of questions the moment she went back to the magazine company. 
She had yet to figure out the proper method to deal with her colleagues. Thus, she decided to go along with Finnick. 
After Vivian got into the car, she could finally snap herself out of the state of anxiety she had been in throughout the entire press conference.
Finnick noticed the change in her expression after she returned to her ordinary self. 
He asked, “Have you gotten used to it?” 
Vivian smiled bitterly in return because she was certain it would take her some time before she could get used to being addressed as Mrs. Norton. 
Knitting his eyebrows as though he was aware of his wife’s actual thoughts, Finnick probed further, “Are you going to blame me for exposing our relationship without acquiring your consent beforehand?” 
Vivian shook her head and stated, “No! Of course not! It’s just that I can’t believe you have decided to announce our relationship through such a high-profile method. Haven’t you always like to stay low- profile?” 
“Indeed, I do,” Finnick affirmed his wife of her thought. 
“If that’s the case, why did you have my identity as Mrs. Norton made known to others? Aren’t you afraid our relationship will adversely impact you?” 
Finnick turned and looked at Vivian in the eyes as he beamed his reply, “Although I enjoy lying low, I want everyone to be aware you’re my wife. I want them to know that Vivian William is Mrs. Norton.” 
Hearing that, Vivian’s heart skipped a beat as her eyes widened in disbelief and her cheeks reddened embarrassedly. 
He felt a strong urge to give her a kiss the moment he saw her sheepish grin. In the end, he gave in to temptation and kissed her on the lips. 
Similarly, Vivian, who had been tensed since the press conference ended, finally felt a sense of relief.
Feeling a strong sense of security whenever she was by his side, Vivian realized then she had fallen head over heels in love with Finnick. Never would she want to leave his side anymore; she wished to spend the rest of her life by her beloved husband’s side. 
She leaned on Finnick’s chest in his embrace as she stated, “Thank you, Finnick.” 
Albeit faintly, Finnick’s lips curved upwards and formed a smirk. 
It seems like my effort has paid off. I made the right choice to conduct a grand press conference for the fund that has been established and named after her. 
The press conference wasn’t merely a surprise for Vivian because it was an opportunity for Finnick to declare their marriage to others as well. He could finally take their relationship to the next level. 
He had never considered keeping others in the dark regarding his marriage. All along, he had been neglecting the announcement due to his indifferent personality. 
However, after the incident they had gone through due to Fabian and Yasmin’s presence, Finnick made up his mind and wanted their relationship as legal husband and wife to be made known. 
He wanted everyone to be aware of Vivian’s identity as his legal spouse, so they would treat her with respect as Mrs. Norton. 
Holding on to each other’s hand firmly, Vivian had a great time as they made their way over to a certain somewhere. 
Looking out the window as she frowned, she asked, “Finnick, where are we going? We’re not heading home, are we? This doesn’t seem to be the route home.” 
“I have another gift for you,” Finnick announced with a bright grin.
A gift? What sort of present is it? 
She couldn’t figure out the sort of gift that would be in store for her after the series of surprises she had gone through within the day. 
Vivian asked as she got curious, but Finnick refused to tell her about the so-called gift he had prepared for her because he had no intention to spoil the fun. 
After some time, the car was brought to a halt after they reached their destination. 
Out of curiosity, Vivian looked out the window. Her expression changed when she realized they had arrived at a hotel. 
Vivian couldn’t believe her eyes because the hotel they were at was none other than Century Hotel, the place that had brought her the most grief ever. 
Two years ago, she had gone through a tormenting experience at the exact same location.
###Chapter 236
Chapter 236 
“Why did you bring me here?” Vivian turned around and confronted Finnick. 
Finnick remained silent, simply leading her out of the car and showed her the way into the hotel. 
The staff of the hotel seemed to be expecting Finnick’s arrival. A few of them ushered Finnick and Vivian to the escalator, making their way upstairs. 
Vivian’s hand started trembling involuntarily because she couldn’t figure out the reason Finnick brought her to the hotel. 
I really don’t want to be here. In fact, I never wanted to step foot in Century Hotel ever again, and yet here I am… 
Feeling her trembling hand, Finnick tightened his grip and held Vivian’s hand firmly. 
As soon as they walked out of the elevator, Finnick brought Vivian over to a particular room. 
When she raised her head and spotted the number of the room, her face turned pale and haggard because she could vividly recall the incident she had gone through in the room. 
Two years ago, she had been forced into an intimate session with a man in that particular room. 
Looking at the room, Vivian’s heart sank to the bottom of her stomach. The tormenting experience she had gone through flashed back in her mind. 
She felt as though she would pass out anytime soon, yet Finnick suggested, “Shall we go in?” 
“No! Please, Finnick! Let’s leave! I never wanted to come here again! I hate this place!” Vivian rejected without a second thought upon hearing her husband’s suggestion.
However, Finnick tried his best to persuade Vivian. “You can’t keep running away from the traumatizing past forever. Why don’t you muster your courage and face your fear? Besides…” 
Oddly enough, Finnick couldn’t bring himself to finish his sentence. 
Truth be told, Vivian was afraid Finnick would figure out the truth behind the traumatizing incident she had gone through. 
Two years ago, she was drugged by someone while participating in an event. As a result, her body temperature started rising and she slowly lost control of herself. 
She could barely pull herself together anymore, but she was certain she would have to leave the venue as soon as possible. 
However, the moment she stepped out of the venue, a man brought her over to Century Hotel and boarded the elevator, making their way upstairs. 
She could recall the helplessness she felt back then; she tried to retaliate against the man who had wrapped his arm around her waist, yet she had been rendered incapable of exercising her strength. 
As she was barely conscious due to the drug’s effect, she couldn’t even shout for help. Therefore, no one could rush over to her aid since no one was aware of her actual condition. 
Although she felt a strong urge to flee because she was aware of what would be awaiting her in the room, she couldn’t move away from the man as she felt increasingly lightheaded. 
Eventually, the man brought her into the room and pinned her to the bed with all his might. He started devouring her, behaving as though he was a predator that had gotten its hands on its long-awaited prey. She had completely lost control over her body by then. In the end, she could only lay helplessly as she was violated by the man.
Vivian couldn’t bear to recall the aftermath of the incident anymore. It had since started haunting her now and then. 
Throughout the years, she would break down into tears every time the traumatizing experience crossed her mind. 
She held a strong grudge against the person who had drugged her two years ago. In fact, she couldn’t figure out the reason why they would want to bring upon her misery when she had never offended anyone. 
Two years ago, Vivian fell into a vicious cycle of despair after the incident. She couldn’t bring herself to reciprocate the affection Fabian had for her anymore. Overnight, her world turned upside down as though it would be the end of her life soon. In fact, she once got suicidal. 
Back to the present, she felt a strong urge to leave as she stared at the room in front of her. Vivian was in a foul mood and refused to enter the room with Finnick. 
However, Finnick dragged her into the room against her will. 
Vivian yelled hysterically, “Finnick, what are you doing? I don’t want to be here! I don’t want the gift!” 
To her surprise, Finnick insisted and refused to give in to her request. He looked at her in the eyes with his abysmal pair of eyes and assured her, “Trust me, Vivian.” 
Despite having her fair share of doubts, Vivian entered the room with Finnick in the end. 
Indeed, everything in the room was the same as it was two years ago. She could vividly recall the things that were available in the room.
She had a hard time catching her breath, but Finnick behaved as though he wasn’t aware of her haggard look and insisted on sitting on the bed together. 
Avoiding Finnick’s gaze, Vivian lowered her head in shame because she was afraid her husband would despise her if he figured out the incident she had gone through. What if Finnick figures out the incident that has occurred two years ago? Is he going to deem me a filthy woman and stay away from me? 
“Look at me, Vivian.” He stroked her hair gently and assured his wife, “It’s going to be fine. So please, look at me.”
###Chapter 237
Chapter 237 
Vivian raised her head and met the gaze of her husband. 
Finnick’s eyes gleamed, staring at her in the eyes passionately as though he was up to something. “Alright. Now, I want you to close your eyes.” 
She did as instructed and closed her eyes because she wasn’t in the mood to figure out the things Finnick was up to anymore. 
As soon as she closed her eyes, she heard Finnick switching off the lights and laying her on the bed. 
He leaned over in a similar manner and started kissing her on the lips. 
Vivian got anxious because she was unsure if she would want to engage in another intimate session with the man whom she loved wholeheartedly in the room she hated the most. 
She reached out to her husband and asked, “Finnick, are we going to do it here? F-Finnick… N-No…” 
“Why? Why can’t we do it here?” He kissed her gently and whispered, “I think this is the best place to do it.” 
Vivian was about to let loose of herself and give in to the temptation she felt. 
She twitched involuntarily when he ran his slender and powerful fingers across her chests. 
The room was pitch black, yet she could still see the man’s dazzling pair of eyes. 
Vivian couldn’t wait to carry on with the session they had started, but Finick stopped when they were about to reach the best part.
He whispered in the pitch-black room, “Can you recall anything in this familiar environment?” 
As he queried, he continued caressing her porcelain-like skin, fondling the areas that would arouse her, yet refraining himself from giving her the things she wanted the most. 
Finnick’s question caught Vivian off guard because the only memories she had associated with this particular room were the unpleasant ones. What should I recall? Is he going to forsake me? Is that the reason why he stopped halfway through the session? 
Vivian started blurting out the things she had in mind, “What? What am I supposed to recall? I-I have long forgotten the things that had occurred in this room!” 
Nevertheless, Finnick continued implying there was a certain something she had forgotten. “Vivian, are you sure you can’t recall it? Don’t you find my touch familiar?” 
Vivian finally realized Finnick seemed to be up to something in his mind. Frowning, she asked in return, “Finnick, what exactly are you talking about?” 
As Vivian failed to get the hint, Finnick was certain she must have been traumatized by the incident that had occurred two years ago. Therefore, she had forgotten most of the incident. 
Finally, Finnick decided to stop harrowing Vivian. He told her, “Try to recall the presence of the man that was in this particular room two years ago.” 
Vivian’s body stiffened all of a sudden. Finnick added, “I found the man who was behind the entire incident back then.” 
Trembling in fear, his wife’s face had turned deathly pale in the dark. 
I can’t believe it. Did he seriously manage to locate the man? I’m sure he must be a horrendous old man…
Vivian trembled vigorously because upon hearing Finnick’s words, the incident that had occurred two years ago flashed back in her mind once again. 
No! I don’t want to know! I don’t want to figure out the truth! Not now! 
Vivian made herself clear in a quivering voice. She pleaded, “F-Finnick! I-I don’t want to know the identity of the man! L-Let’s stop talking about this!” 
“No. I have to tell you.” 
“F-Finnick, have you gotten tired of me?” Vivian started sniffling as tears streamed down her cheeks. 
Taken aback by Vivian’s words, Finnick asked, “What brings you to come to such a conclusion?” 
“If that isn’t the case, why must you bring this topic up in this room? Are you going to cast me aside?” 
Finnick chuckled because Vivian had misperceived his intention. He was up to the exact opposite of the things she had in mind. 
Vivian, you’re such a silly woman. I guess I should stop teasing you. Otherwise, you’re going to break down for real. 
Immediately after he made up his mind, Finnick leaned over and whispered, “Vivian, I was the man who was in this particular room two years ago. It was me. Together, we had spent a night in bed two years ago.” 
Vivian couldn’t believe her ears, she refused to believe that Finnick was the man who had spent a night in bed with her two years ago as it seemed too much of a coincidence. 
Immediately, she brought herself up and sat upright in the dark. “Finnick, you’re joking, aren’t you? I’m sure you have figured out the actual identity of the man back then! Have you decided to lie to me
because you didn’t want me to be upset? Are you trying to take the blame on his behalf because you found out that he’s actually a horrendous middle-aged man?” 
Finnick brought himself out of the bed and switched on the light. 
Vivian confessed, “You might be lying for my sake, but I want you to tell me the truth. I-I’m afraid you’re going to get sick of me someday in the future. I don’t want you to keep me in the dark and bear the burden on my behalf. It’s too much of a burden for you.” 
As soon as Finnick returned to her side, he raised her chin and announced, “You’re such a silly girl. I will never get sick of you, okay? Stop overthinking things. Are you displeased by the fact that I was the one who was in bed with you two years ago?”
###Chapter 238
Chapter 238 
Should Finnick be the man involved two years ago, Vivian would be delighted, but she couldn’t recall the things related to the man anymore. Thus, she couldn’t be certain if he had told her the truth. 
Staring at Vivian in the eyes, Finnick repeated himself in a serious tone, “Vivian, listen to me. I’m not lying to you. I was the one who was in bed with you in this particular room two years ago.” 
Since Finnick seemed to have meant his words, Vivian asked, “Then, can you tell me about the truth behind the entire incident? What happened two years ago? Why were you the one who had shown up in this room?” 
Finnick grinned and pinched her nose in return before sharing the truth of the incident that had occurred two years ago with his beloved wife. 
Ever since Finnick made his way back from M Nation, Mark had been pretty wary against him because he was afraid their grandfather would grow fond of his brother. In short, Mark felt threatened by Finnick’s presence as his brother had proven to be a huge threat to his career and status. 
Although Mark was aware Finnick was wheelchair-bound due to him being crippled, he didn’t let his guard down. He wanted to figure out if his brother had the capability to produce offspring because their grandfather wanted as many heirs as possible for the Norton family. 
Thus, Mark sent a lot of gorgeous women his brother’s way, but Finnick had never once fallen for the women the former had sent his way. 
In the end, Mark resorted to extreme measures to get the better of his brother. 
Two years ago, a party was held at a venue nearby Century Hotel. Mark managed to get the better of Finnick because his brother had a fight with Benedict halfway through the party.
Benedict got into a fight with Finnick due to Evelyn. Finnick had been drugged after he let his guard down as he got overly worked up during the party. By the time he finished the glass of wine, things had gotten to the point of no return and Mark was merely a step away from achieving his wicked plan. 
Vivian knitted his eyebrows to express her frustration as she finally figured out the disturbing truth behind the incident that had occurred two years ago. 
But Mark is a member of the Norton family. Not to mention he’s Finnick’s brother! How could he do this to his own brother? 
“Are you sure it’s Mark? Isn’t he’s your biological brother?” 
Finnick simply sneered in return. “I got someone to get to the bottom of the entire incident after that night. Turns out, I was right. Mark was the one behind it all. Blinded by his desires and greed, he seemed to have forgotten about the fact that we’re siblings. Besides, Ashley’s your sister, isn’t she? But look at the things she has done for her own sake. What a life, huh? I can’t believe the person whom we’re supposed to rely on the most has turned their back against us.” 
Vivian was at a loss for words because she didn’t expect the most renowned Norton family, which others deemed a glorious family, to have such complicated internal affairs. 
She finally realized her husband had been shouldering more than she could ever imagine as a member of the renowned family. Pretending to be a disabled person must have been tough for Finnick throughout the years. If he isn’t a determined person, others would have long seen through his disguise. 
“So you were drugged as well, huh? I’m sure you’re aware of the awful sensation associated with the tormenting experience. It’s unbearable for an ordinary person,” Vivian stated after she figured out they shared a similar fate and went through similar experiences.
Finnick acknowledged Vivian’s point of view by remaining silent. 
“What happened next?” Vivian wondered. 
Finnick served each of them a glass of wine and continued, “I knew something was wrong with me. I was aware I might give in to temptation if Mark sent one of her girls my way to seduce me again. There was no way I would allow him to get the better of me. Therefore, I got in touch with Noah and instructed him to bring me to a nearby hotel as soon as possible.” 
Vivian felt a shiver running down her spine as soon as she figured out the potential consequences that would be in store for Finnick if he hadn’t exercised caution. 
“Never would I have thought I would run into you, Vivian,” Finnick added. 
“Me?” 
“I saw a drunk woman in an old man’s arms as they made their way into the room next door. I got in his way and gave him a small fortune to chase him away. In the end, I brought you into my room. I don’t have to continue with the remaining part of the incident, right?” 
Vivian was flabbergasted. As she had been rendered unconscious back then, she would never have thought there were so many things going on behind the scene two years ago. 
Immediately after she returned to her senses, she wrapped her arm around Finnick’s arm firmly because she found it surreal. 
“Are you serious, Finnick? You’re really the one who had spent a night in bed with me two years ago? Does that mean we have been acquainted with one another for two years? I can’t believe it! I can’t believe we have gotten married after two years!”
Even though Vivian was shocked by the truth, she was grateful. It seemed as though fate had brought them together. 
Finnick chuckled and teased his wife, “I have finally made myself clear, huh?” 
Vivian was on cloud nine as she was certain Finnick had told her the truth, no matter how surreal the truth sounded. The man, whom she was afraid of the most throughout the past two years, turned out to be none other than her husband.
###Chapter 239
Chapter 239 
The man who had brought upon her misery was also the one who had given her a strong sense of security. He was none other than Finnick, her beloved husband, who was right in front of her. 
Vivian felt lightheaded once she linked the missing pieces of the puzzles together. 
Flushing embarrassedly, she avoided her husband’s gaze and asked, “D-Does that mean I have only ever been touched by one man?” 
“Hmm, what do you think?” Finnick kissed Vivian on the lips once he finished his rhetorical question. Eventually, he moved his lips down her neck. “I guess the incident that occurred two years ago isn’t that traumatizing anymore, huh? 
Vivian responded with a sheepish grin in silent. 
Kissing her on the lips as he removed the last piece of garment she had put on, Vivian stopped retaliating and gave in to temptation. 
It feels great to have everything sorted out! I can’t believe I finally get to move on from the incident that has been haunting me for the past two years! 
She stopped holding a grudge against God because it turned out fate had brought them together ever since two years ago. 
Sorting out the things she had in her mind, Vivian finally let loose of herself and indulged in the raunchy session with her beloved husband. 
The next morning, Finnick and Vivian had their breakfast in the hotel.
Vivian was in a joyous mood as she had finally moved on from the distressing incident that had been bothering her for two years. 
As they had opted for in-room dining, the waiter had shown up in their room to serve them their breakfast that Finnick had ordered beforehand. 
Finnick handed over a glass of orange juice to Vivian and instructed, “Let’s enjoy our breakfast. I’m sure you’re exhausted after the session last night, right?” 
“Hey, can you please lower your volume? There’s someone else around!” Vivian couldn’t get used to being lovey-dovey with Finnick in front of others. She glanced at the waiter that was still present and flushed embarrassedly. 
However, the waiter had been professionally trained. All the while, he kept a straight face and pretended as though he wasn’t aware of their conversation’s content at all. 
Halfway through their meal, Vivian recalled something and asked, “Since you were the man who had spent a night in bed with me two years ago, were you the one who placed the stack of cash worth twenty thousand on the bed after the incident?” 
“I-I felt a tad bit guilty after the incident because I noticed I was the one who had your cherry popped…” Finnick nodded and explained the rationale behind his action. 
Two years ago, he had misperceived Vivian as a streetwalker since she had shown up with a middle- aged man in the hotel. 
After he wrapped up the session he had with her, he finally figured out she had yet to have her cherry popped prior to their intimate session.
Although he didn’t have any affection for Vivian two years ago, he did feel guilty. Hence, he left a wad of cash behind to compensate her for her loss. 
“You won’t mind if I told you that I gave the money away, right? I have donated the sum to a charitable trust.” 
“I would say you did a great job,” Finnick praised his wife. 
“I merely wanted to put the cash I deemed to be filthy to good use because I didn’t want it anywhere near me,” Vivian replied with a sheepish grin. 
Finnick finished his meal and wiped his mouth clean. “I’m aware of your concerns, but can you tell me the reason you have never sought after money?” 
I guess it makes sense for him to ask me about this. After all, money is the thing everyone in this world desires. 
Vivian gave it a thought and orated, “You’re wrong. I’m just another human with a strong desire for money. How should I foot my mother’s medical bill if I don’t have enough money? Without money, I can’t even sustain my current lifestyle. I have always desired an increment in my wages and bonuses. Nevertheless, the cash you left behind then was a stack of filthy cash in my mind. I decided to donate the sum because I didn’t want it anywhere near me. Hence, I decided to put it to good use for other’s sake. Otherwise, I would feel bad if I were to accept the money.” 
“What about now? Do you still think it’s a stack of filthy cash?” Finnick stared at her with his glistering pair of eyes. 
“Not anymore, but with that being said, I still have no intention to keep it. Otherwise, it would feel as though our first intimate session was a business deal.
Finnick’s heart melted the moment he spotted Vivian’s reddened cheeks right after she finished her sentence. 
Once they finished their meal, Finnick suggested, “Let’s go. I’ll drop you off at your workplace.” 
As soon as Vivian heard her husband’s suggestion, she waved vigorously and stated, “No need! That won’t be necessary! I’ll head over on my own!” 
Frowning, Finnick asked, “Since everyone is aware of our relationship, what’s bothering you?” 
Vivian was taken aback by her husband’s words because she had forgotten he had revealed their relationship in front of everyone. 
He’s right! Why should I be concerned when everyone’s aware of our relationship? 
In the end, Vivian replied with a bright grin, “Alright then! If that’s the case, I’ll gladly tag along with you!” 
With that, Vivian got into Finnick’s Bentley and departed. 
As they made their way to Vivian’s workplace, Vivian struggled deep down because she was clueless about the situation awaiting her in the office. She was certain they had been anticipating her arrival as well as an explanation since they were aware of their relationship.
###Chapter 240
Chapter 240 
Finnick caught a glimpse of Vivian’s troubled look. He asked, “Are you having a hard time because you’re afraid of facing your colleagues?” 
“Mm. Truth be told, I’m afraid, Finnick.” 
Her husband held her hand and assured her, “Don’t worry. I will always be by your side.” 
Vivian grumbled in her mind because her husband was the reason she had to go through the problems in the first place. 
Finally, the car was brought to a halt in front of the office building of the magazine company. 
Vivian took a deep breath and bade farewell to her husband with an odd expression. “I’ll be heading off to work now. See you.” 
What’s wrong with that odd expression of hers? Why does she seem as though she’s heading over for a battle with no return? 
Finnick’s lips curved upwards, forming a faint smirk as Vivian made her way out of the car in a perturbed manner. 
As soon as Vivian reached the entrance, she took a deep breath before stepping into the building. 
The moment she entered the lobby of the building, she noticed everyone had their eyes glued to her. 
Staring at her, they started whispering to one another. 
“Have you read the news? We have been deceived by her all this while. I can’t believe she’s the wife of Finnor Group’s president. She has done a great job, keeping everyone in the dark.”
“She’s such an ordinary woman, though! I wonder what about her that managed to charm Finnick!” 
“She has such a stunning dress and necklace.” 
“I heard rumors about her since a long time ago. She has never been known as a gracious woman.” 
Although Vivian lowered his head as she made her way into the elevator, the gossipmongers managed to recognize her identity. 
Finally, she reached the entrance of the office, yet she felt as though she still had a long journey to make before she could reach her seat. 
As soon as she entered the office, her colleagues surrounded her as though they had been anticipating her arrival since forever. 
All of a sudden, Vivian felt a strong urge to cry because she couldn’t figure out their ive of surrounding her. 
Sarah’s eyes widened in excitement. “Welcome, Mrs. Norton! We’re glad to have you back in the office with us!” 
Jenny stated, “Congratulations, Vivian! You’re finally able to address yourself as Mrs. Norton!” 
“T-Thanks, Jenny.” Vivian’s lips twitched unwittingly. 
“Vivian, you’re awesome! How did you manage to win the heart of the president of Finnor Group over? Can you tell us when did you get into a relationship with him?” Ken poked his nose into Vivian’s business without any hesitation. 
“He’s right, Vivian! How does Mr. Norton behave whenever he’s around you? Is he a loving husband? What sort of kink does he have? Is he an indifferent man at home?”
“Vivian, since you have gotten married to such an influential man, when are you going to resign? If I’m in your shoes, I’ll definitely quit my job as soon as possible and enjoy my life!” 
As she had foreseen, another bunch of gossipmongers surrounded her. 
Vivian let out a long sigh of despair. “Guys, please leave me alone. Nothing changed, I’m still your colleague. I am still the Vivian everyone knows.” 
“Why are you wearing the same dress? Isn’t this the dress you have put on for the press conference yesterday? Did you not return home?” Sarah continued asking as though she didn’t hear Vivian’s request. 
The moment Vivian heard Sarah’s words, she recalled she didn’t get to change into another set of outfits because she failed to wake up in time in the morning. She had to rush her way back to the office from the hotel because she was behind her usual schedule. 
Similarly, once Sarah ruled out the possibilities in her mind, she exclaimed, “Oh my! Did you and Mr. Norton not return home last night? Where did you guys go? Don’t tell me, you guys spent the night in the hotel?” 
“Sarah! For God’s sake, can you keep your mouth shut?” Vivian, whose cheeks had reddened, rushed over and covered her colleague’s mouth. 
Immediately after she rendered her colleague incapable of speech, she returned to her seat and avoided everyone’s gaze. 
Staring at Vivian, Sarah allowed her imagination to run wild. 
Although they have gotten married to one another, they’re still having all sorts of fun together! This is so romantic!
In the meantime, Shannon had an awful expression on her face when she thought back to the sarcastic remarks she had uttered against Vivian back in the day. 
Unaware of the identity of Vivian’s husband, she made fun of him and said she must have been keeping her husband’s identity a secret because he was merely a janitor of Finnor Group. 
She had been ridiculing Vivian all this while since the possibility of Finnick being Vivian’s husband had never crossed her mind. The moment she recalled the vicious remarks she had made against Vivian, a chill ran down her spine. 
Shannon made up her mind to behave herself in front of Vivian in the future. Otherwise, Finnick would teach her a lesson if he were aware of the thing she had done behind Vivian’s back. 
As Vivian evaded the questions that were directed at her by her colleagues, they decided to dismiss themselves because they could understand why Vivian had been keeping them in the dark all along. It must have been tough for Vivian since she had to keep Finnick’s identity confidential all this while. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have to put on an act in front of her colleagues. 
Once they thought about it, they decided to let Vivian off the hook and returned to their respective position. 
It had been a few hours since the confrontation occurred. Vivian finally had everything on her plate sorted out. 
Vivian stood up and was about to grab herself a cup of coffee when Sarah sprang up from her seat and got in her way as though she had encountered a huge issue.
###Chapter 241
Chapter 241 
Yelling, she sprinted over to Vivian’s side and asked, “Vivian, did you check your Twitter? You have a hundred thousand followers as of now! You’re officially an influencer!” 
Vivian was astonished by Sarah’s words because what she said was indeed a serious issue. 
Immediately, she reached for her phone and logged in to her Twitter account. Indeed, Sarah was right. Overnight, she had turned into the person everyone in town talked about. In fact, the number of her followers continued to grow still. 
There were all sorts of trending issues revolving around Finnick and Vivian’s marriage. 
I can’t believe Mrs. Norton has shown up out of nowhere! I guess it’s over for me and my beloved Mr. Norton! Please excuse me as I spend the rest of my day crying myself to sleep! 
Seriously? She seems to be an ordinary woman! Why? I’m so jealous! 
I’m touched! Mr. Norton is such a loving husband! Why am I not the one by his side? 
Huh? Impossible! Who the hell is she? How dare she lay a finger on my beloved Mr. Norton? 
I shall love the one Mr. Norton loves! I love you, Vivian! I love you, Mr. Norton! 
A chill ran down Vivian’s spine the moment she perused some of the comments because it was no simple task to be a public figure. She had turned into the most talked-about figure in town over the night. Literally, everyone was now aware of her identity as Mrs. Norton. How am I supposed to head out from today onwards? Are they going to cast rotten eggs in my directions when they run into me on the street?
Vivian gave it a thought, but she couldn’t think of a proper solution that could rid her of the issues that would be in store for her. 
She was about to log out of her account when a particular comment from an account caught her attention. 
Oh? They finally announced their relationship, huh? Does that mean Mr. Norton has moved on from the woman who had passed due to the fire? 
The account had an odd username called “Back to the Past”. Vivian could recognize the said account because this particular anonymous user was the one who had brought up the existence of Finnick’s ex- girlfriend. 
Vivian thought the anonymous user seemed to be different from the ordinary gossipmongers. 
As such, she decided to visit the anonymous user’s account. She noticed the said user was one of her followers. Nevertheless, there wasn’t anything else that could indicate the anonymous user’s actual identity. In fact, the user had never posted anything else. 
This is such an odd account. I wonder who’s the owner of this account. Why are they bringing up the accident that had occurred ten years ago? Could it be that they’re involved in the fire? 
Not to mention this user followed my account? Are they merely a busybody that’s trying to find out more about my relationship with Finnick? Could the account be Yasmin’s account? Or perhaps it belongs to a hardcore fan of Finnick? 
Just when Vivian lost herself in the process of thought as she looked through the thousands of comments by the netizens, Fabian suddenly summoned Vivian to meet him in his office.
Meanwhile, Vivian’s colleagues exchanged glances as they recalled Fabian had been in a foul mood since they made their way back from the press conference. They wondered what the duo would be talking about. Some of them thought Fabian might teach Vivian a lesson for the incident that had occurred during the press conference. 
Vivian made her way into the office as instructed and took a seat opposite Fabian. 
They sat opposite one another and remained silent for a few minutes. 
In the end, Fabian stared at Vivian in the eyes and broke the silence. “Vivian, you seem to have turned into a public figure over the night. Has Finnick been treating you well lately?” 
Vivian nodded in return. 
“Vivian, are you familiar with Benedict?” Fabian added. 
An image of a handsome man flashed into her mind. The man was Benedict and he was Evelyn’s brother. 
“I have encountered him before. He’s Evelyn’s brother,” Vivian told Fabian. 
“Is Finnick the one who introduced you to him?” Fabian leaned forward and asked. 
“Yes. He has told me everything I should be aware of. Benedict was the one who had contributed his sister’s pen for the charity auction, right?” 
Fabian was surprised to know that Finnick had been pretty frank with Vivian and that he didn’t hide anything from her. They seem to be serious about their relationship, huh? I can’t believe they’re taking one another seriously.
“Great. Since you’re aware of Benedict’s identity, it will be pretty helpful in the upcoming assignment. He will be holding an antique fair soon. I want your team to get ready for the upcoming interview session with him,” Fabian instructed. 
An interview session with Benedict Morrison? 
Vivian nodded in return and assured, “Alright. We’ll get ready as soon as possible.” 
Since she showed up in his office, he had his eyes glued to her. She asked as she couldn’t get used to Fabian’s odd behavior, “Is there anything else? If there’s nothing else, I’m going back to work.” 
After she finished her sentence, she turned around and was about to leave, but Fabian got up from his seat and stopped her. 
“Wait! I have something to tell you!” 
Hearing that, Vivian turned around and exchanged glances with Fabian. The moment their eyes met, she averted her gaze because she didn’t want to cause any unnecessary misunderstandings.
###Chapter 242
Chapter 242 
“Vivian, are you serious about Finnick? Did you actually fell in love with him?” Fabian wondered. 
Vivian was stunned for a moment for she didn’t expect Fabian would poke his nose into her personal affairs, bringing up the topic that was beyond his role as her supervisor in front of her. 
“Mr. Norton, this has nothing to do with you, right?” Vivian asked rhetorically. 
“Vivian, are you sure you’re not trying to deceive yourself?” Fabian walked over and approached Vivian. “The only reason you got married to Finnick was because of your mother, right? I won’t blame you for what you have done because that was the only option you had, but are you sure you want to spend the rest of your life with Finnick? Do you think things will work out between the two of you when it’s merely a political marriage?” 
What is he talking about? I’m sure he has no idea I’m having the best time of my life! 
Vivian gave it a thought and rebuked Fabian’s statement. “Mr. Norton, I believe you are not qualified to ask me these kinds of questions because it’s none of your business.” 
“I’m the only one who cares about you, Vivian! Finnick is a cold-hearted man! When the time comes and he runs into another woman, he’ll cast you aside without a second thought! I’m his nephew! I know him better than you do! I’m telling you to stay away from him for your own sake!” 
“For my sake? Fabian, please refrain yourself from badmouthing Finnick in front of me because that’s irritating me.” Vivian found Fabian’s statement absurd. He was about to get married to Ashley who was with his child, and yet he still had the time to poke his nose into Vivian’s marriage. 
“Vivian, be rational about this and take my suggestion seriously, please.”
“Fabian, I’m pretty conscious of my current situation. You’re the one who should stay out of our way.” 
Fabian’s heart sank to the bottom of his stomach at her words. He asked in a petulant manner, “Vivian, can you at least tell me if everything is fine on your end? How are you?” 
Seeing that Fabian was back to behaving courteously, Vivian decided to return the favor and started being mindful of her choice of words. 
She stated, “Since you’re so keen on figuring out our situation, I’ll tell you everything. I’m happy with my current life because we both share a similar level of affection for one another. Indeed, our marriage is considered a political marriage due to the different initial goals we each have in mind back then. However, things have changed since then, and we’re currently in love with one another.” 
Fabian was astonished by Vivian’s statement; he didn’t expect she would share the affection she had for Finnick with him without any hesitation. Even though Vivian had made herself clear, Fabian still couldn’t move on from Vivian because he still had a thing for her. 
“Are you sure you have fallen for him? Does that mean you’re going to spend the rest of your life by Finnick’s side?” Fabian asked with a pitiable look. 
Two years ago, Fabian was the only man Vivian had in her mind. 
However, their relationship took a drastic turn for the worse due to the misleading photos. 
Vivian found Fabian absurd because he was the one who refused to have faith in her. Similarly, she had since moved on from him. 
He was the one who had shattered her heart into pieces, yet he showed up in front of her and confronted her now that she had fallen in love with another man.
Vivian repeated herself in a serious manner. “I love Finnick wholeheartedly! He’s the only one I have in mind! Fabian, since Ashley is pregnant with your child, you should appreciate her and reciprocate the affection she has for you.” 
Her words caused Fabian to feel dejected. So, she wants me to take another woman seriously and forget about her… He was jealous of Finnick because Vivian had verbally announced the affection she had for him without a second thought. Why does it sound as though you have changed into another person? Vivian, who are you now? 
Truth be told, Fabian was impressed by Finnick’s bold move. Literally, every woman would fall for him after he had gone to great lengths to prove his affection. 
Finnick did it. He successfully conquered Vivian’s heart. 
“Fabian, we’re nothing more than ex-course mates. You have set foot in the territory of my life which you should have stayed away. Allow me to remind you once again that you’re going to get married to Ashley in a few weeks.” 
“Vivian, I wasn’t given any choice! She’s pregnant with my child! Hence, we have to get married!” Fabian tried his best to explain the reason behind their marriage. 
Does that mean Fabian isn’t serious about Ashley? Appalled by the truth, Vivian couldn’t help but sympathize with the pathetic duo because she was afraid their marriage wouldn’t last forever since they had gotten married to one another due to the child. 
Fabian stretched his hands in an attempt to reach Vivian’s shoulders. “You’re the only one I have in my mind, Vivian! I have been missing you day and night all this while! I hate it whenever the thought of you spending a night by another’s man side crosses my mind! There’s literally nothing I can do to turn the
tables! Vivian, can you please return to my side? Why don’t we start a new journey together in another city?” 
As Vivian thought it would be better for her to stay away from Fabian, she took a step back before Fabian could place his hands on her shoulders. 
“Fabian, I’m sorry, but I’m not in love with you anymore. You have to bear the consequences of your action since Ashley has conceived your child. Please move on from our relationship and let bygones be bygones. Stop lying to yourself and face the truth,” Ashley stated.
###Chapter 243
Chapter 243 
Vivian’s words triggered Fabian’s instinct as a fellow man. He refused to give up just yet and dashed over to her side, holding her firmly in between his arms. 
“Vivian! No! You’re not allowed to do this to me! Please!” 
As Fabian had gone overboard, the memory of him kissing Vivian against her will flashed back in her mind. In the next second, she pushed the man away with all her might and slapped him in the face. 
The moment Vivian broke , she fled, running out of Fabian’s office as soon as possible, leaving the dejected man behind in his office. 
All of a sudden, Fabian was engulfed by a strong sense of despair. Is she rejecting me because of Finnick? 
Vivian, by the time you get in touch with Benedict, he’ll unveil the harsh truth to you! You’ll finally get to know Finnick’s true colors! He has always been a selfish man! It’s time for you to learn that I’m the only one who’s serious about you! 
Fabian was looking forward to Vivian’s and Benedict’s meeting. 
Suddenly, he received a call. 
The moment he picked up the call, the person on the other end told him they had gotten words on Finnick’s latest plan. 
They told him Finnick had dispatched his men to go after the truth behind the photos and the particular incident that had occurred two years ago.
I knew it! Finnick would never stop going after the truth until he gets to the bottom of the incident! He wants to figure out the identity of the mastermind who had drugged Vivian before! 
If he insists on going after the truth, he’ll soon figure out that Ashley was the one behind the entire incident. I’m pretty sure he won’t let her off the hook anymore. She may have to go through the incident which she had gone through as a member of the Miller family once more. 
“He’s not aware of your presence, is he? I want you to remove all traces of your visit as soon as possible. We can’t allow Finnick’s men to figure out we dropped by. Am I clear?” Fabian delivered his instructions. 
The person on the other end of the call said, “Yes, Mr. Norton. I’ll try my best. I’ll get in touch with you again soon.” 
Although Fabian was infuriated because Ashley had driven him apart from Vivian back in the day without any solid reason, he couldn’t possibly forsake her wellbeing since she was pregnant with his child. 
If Finnick managed to figure out Ashley was the mastermind who had instructed others to drug Vivian two years ago, he would certainly bring hell upon the Miller family through every method at his disposal. Ashley might even die a miserable death. 
Fabian was aware of the consequences that would be in store for his fiancée. However, he didn’t want his child to bear the consequences of his mother’s actions. He wanted his child to grow up in a complete family. 
Once he made up his mind, Fabian told his men to get rid of the evidence and leads that might lead to Ashley. He secretly hoped he could get in Finnick’s way and stop him from getting to the bottom of the incident.
In the meantime, on the other end of Sunshine City. 
Finnick, who had returned to Finnor Group, summoned Noah to meet him in the president’s office as he couldn’t wait to figure out the progress of the investigation. 
“It has been quite some time since the investigation started. Have you figured out the mastermind behind the incident two years ago yet?” 
Noah had an odd expression because he had yet to accomplish the instruction that Finnick had delivered him. 
Knitting his eyebrows, Finnick asked with a serious look, “What’s wrong? Does that mean you have yet to get to the bottom of the incident?” 
Knowing that there were still a lot of mysteries that had yet to be unveiled, Noah decided to tell Finnick the truth, “Mr. Norton, we found some leads, but someone seemed to have gotten in our way and disrupted the progress of the investigation. There were a lot of leads that had been wiped out of existence deliberately.” 
Finnick’s brows scrunched up in confusion and a wave of irritation surged within him as he wondered who had the guts to get in the way of the investigation. 
“What have you gotten your hands on? When did you discover that the leads had been wiped out of existence?” 
“We managed to discover the presence of a certain someone. Apart from Vivian and Fabian, she had frequently shown up on the campus.” 
“Who is it?”
“Ashley Miller.” 
“Ashley?” Finnick gave it a thought and ruled out the possibility of Ashley being the mastermind. After all, she was Vivian’s sister. Despite the animosity Vivian and Ashley have for each other, Finnick felt that Ashley would never actually hurt her sister. 
“Is there anything else?” Finnick wondered. 
“That’s everything we manage to gather as of now, Mr. Norton. Seems like the person is giving their all in hindering us from getting to the bottom of the truth,” Noah replied. 
Someone is preventing us from getting to the bottom of the truth? Why? How is the mastermind conscious of our plan? Is the mastermind a close acquaintance of mine? 
Finnick couldn’t figure out the relationship between the incident that had occurred two years ago and the goal of the mastermind who had been getting in his way. Since Vivian and I weren’t acquainted two years ago, I doubt I’m the one the mastermind is coming after. But If that’s the case, why is the mastermind getting in our way then? Perhaps they’re aware of our relationship? Is that the reason why they wished to sow discord amongst Vivian and me?
###Chapter 244
Chapter 244 
He asked Noah, “Do you know who they are?” 
“No, but I guess the forces behind them aren’t small. There must be a powerful network behind them.” Noah replied. 
Finnick was feeling more and more puzzled. 
Vivian was just an ordinary college student two years ago. How did she come across people in such strong forces? Even Fabian wouldn’t provoke these people then. 
Immediately, Finnick instructed Noah to eliminate any difficulties in the way and continue investigating until the truth of the matter was revealed. 
Whoever dares to lay a hand on Vivian, I’ll never let them off the hook easily. 
Meanwhile, Vivian and the others were ready to set off for the interview with Benedict. 
Unfortunately, the magazine company’s vans were all in use so they could only take a cab to get to their destination. 
Vivian was hailing a cab along the street when a speeding one stopped in front of them. 
A middle-aged man with an average look sat in the driver’s seat and he was extremely excited when he saw Vivian. 
“Mrs. Norton! You must be Mrs. Norton, right? Hop on. Where are you guys going? I’ll drive you there.” Said the driver. 
Sarah and the others were stunned. “Vivian! Well well… Even a cab driver knows who you are.”
Ken had already gotten into the cab and was urging them, “Come on, stop chatting, will you? Get in the car.” 
Vivian took the front passenger’s seat. 
Her body itched when she felt the driver studying her from the corner of his eyes. 
“You’re the wife of Finnor Group’s president, aren’t you? Don’t you have any chauffeur?” The driver asked. 
Vivian gulped before replying, “Yes, I am. We’re heading to the city’s cultural center.” 
“To the antique fair?” 
“You know about the event?” Sarah asked. 
The driver smiled and said happily, “Of course. Cab drivers know everything. This antique fair is rather special and it’s kind of interesting, so it’s worth your time to go take a look.” 
Ken and Sarah felt extremely excited upon hearing his words. They started chit-chatting with him by asking all sorts of questions. 
Vivian however, couldn’t wait to reach their destination. 
She finally heaved a sigh of relief when they arrived and got off the car. 
Only a day had passed but it seemed like the whole city could recognize her now. This is terrifying. It’s like a nightmare. 
Ken suggested that they should get some drinks from the mini-mart before entering. Vivian instantly volunteered and said that she would treat them.
In the mart, she began choosing the drinks. 
However, she got a feeling that a pair of eyes were staring at her from behind. 
Turning, she noticed the shop assistant was watching her. Does she think I’m stealing? Vivian was displeased at the thought of it. 
Finished choosing the drinks and some snacks, she put on a somber look and walked to the cashier for payment. 
Not noticing Vivian’s expression, the shop assistant greeted her with a grin, “Mrs. Norton, it’s such an honor to have you shopping at our mart.” 
Gosh, someone recognized me again. I could die of embarrassment! 
The shop assistant stretched her neck and looked around, seemingly searching for something. 
Vivian followed her gaze but saw nothing. 
“Isn’t Mr. Norton here?” She asked. 
Vivian was rendered speechless. The famous Mrs. Norton shook her head, “I’m here for a work matter at the antique fair.” 
“Oh.” The younger woman seemed disappointed upon hearing her words. 
When Ken and Sarah saw Vivian exiting the mini-mart with those paper bags on hand, they asked, “Vivian, what took you so long? The fair started 10 minutes ago.” 
“Ugh, don’t even bring it up. The shop assistant recognized me. It’s terrifying.”
The colleagues exchanged a smile. 
Vivian knew Finnick was an influential man, but she didn’t know it was to this extent. Only when she experienced it herself did she know what a big wheel her husband was. His nonchalance was the reason he was able to keep it all together. 
They soon arrived at the exhibition hall of the antique fair. 
Benedict was explaining the history of an ancient ceramic vase to a client when Sarah spotted him with just one look. 
“Oh my God. Is he real? He’s not some character from the comic, is he? Look at how perfect he is!” Sarah admired.
###Chapter 245
Chapter 245 
Ken on the other hand, was in a contradictory position when he saw Benedict. “Wow. He is indeed beautiful… Gosh! How are we average-looking guys going to live? We’re single because of all these rich hunks!” 
“That’s enough. One of you is being a lovestruck idiot while another is being a cynic. C’mon, let’s get to work.” Vivian said. 
Spotting Vivian and her group waiting for him from afar, Benedict excused himself from his client and walked towards them. 
He was wearing a white shirt with black stripes. The cologne he wore tickled their senses, and their mood unconsciously lightened. 
Benedict’s eyes glimmered as he grinned at them. 
Sarah was dumbstruck at the sight of him. 
He had slender and clean fingers, with a great figure and tidy hair. Everything about him gave off a temperament of a royalty. 
“Vivian? It’s really you! Hello.” Benedict politely greeted her as he extended his hand. 
Vivian shook his hand while saying, “Hello, Mr. Morrison.” 
His charming and melodious voice improved people’s moods. Unlike Finnick who always sounds toneless when he speaks.
“Yes, it’s me, Mr. Morrison. We, from Glamour Magazine, are here to interview you. Thank you for accepting our invitation. I must apologize for being rude to you at the auction last time.” 
Benedict smiled and his eyes formed two beautiful crescents, making him look cute. 
“I’m old friends with Fabian, so of course I have to do him this favor. But I never expected him to send you for this interview. How interesting.” He said. 
Benedict knows Finnick. Naturally, he knows Fabian as well. 
The Morrison family was one of the three most prominent families in Sunshine City. The Morrison family, Jackson family, and Norton family were all related somehow as they had business dealings with each other and they had supported each other’s business for many generations. 
Antiques were the Morrisons’ main business. Their business extended beyond the country and they were well known in Sunshine City. The ancestors of the Morrison family were scholars. They were all knowledgeable when it came to history and antiques. That made them very influential in the industry. 
The Norton family had a military background, so the desire for control and domineering people flowed in Finnick’s blood, giving him the temperament of a tough man. If not for his legs, Vivian had a feeling that he could definitely fight on the battlefield. 
On the other hand, The Jacksons had always been in the business world. They had a share in almost every industry, including real estate, F&B, etc. 
Before the interview, Vivian dug up some information about Benedict so she knew the situation with the Morrison family in recent years. 
Both Benedict and Evelyn lost their parents at a young age. They had relied on each other since then. The former also had to mature in his youth as he needed to support the family business and take care
of his young sister. 
However, a fire ten years ago took the life of his only family, Evelyn. He must’ve been devastated when that happened. 
Now, Benedict was the only Morrison left, supporting the family alone. Rumors had that the glorious moment the Morrison family enjoyed was coming to an end and that it couldn’t be compared to the past anymore. 
However, Vivian thought otherwise. Things with the Morrison family might be deteriorating for now, but she felt that Benedict was a wise man and that he could get through this ordeal. 
After all, a starved camel was bigger than a horse. Putting those thoughts away, Vivian started the interview. 
“Mr. Morrison, may I ask you some questions about the antique fair? These s are obviously aged. Are there any stories you can share with us?” Vivian asked. 
Benedict glanced at her before speaking softly, “It’s not really convenient to conduct the interview here. Come on, let’s head to my office.” 
Sarah snapped out of her daydream and said quickly, “Alright! Mr. Morrison, that’s really considerate of you. You’re unlike other presidents who always pull a long face and act cool. You must be feeling the coldness in the hall and are afraid that we’d be zing, right?” 
Benedict turned to look at Vivian upon hearing Sarah’s words. Other presidents who always pull a long face – Why does it sound like Finnick… 
Vivian hung her head awkwardly.
The corner of his lips tilted upwards as he found her action cute. He didn’t hate her. But because of Finnick, he felt a slight resentment towards her.
###Chapter 246
Chapter 246 
“It’s truly creative of Fabian to make you conduct this interview. Alright then, I’ll try my best to answer all your questions, but under one condition. I’ll allow only you to interview me. Can your colleagues go take some photos of the fair and help publicize it?” He asked. 
Sarah and Ken were a little disappointed, but they slowly made their way to the hall. 
Vivian thought about it for a moment. Benedict wasn’t a person they could invite so easily. Since he had said so, she could only agree. Both of them then headed to his office. 
There was a coffee machine in the office. Not long after he poured some coffee beans into it, the office was filled with the aroma of coffee. 
“You like coffee?” Benedict asked. 
“How did you know?” 
“I guessed.” He replied. 
In truth, Benedict had investigated Vivian, so he knew almost everything about her. 
While she was still pondering over his words, he suddenly asked her some questions. 
Placing the freshly brewed coffee in front of her, he said, “I added some milk in it, it’s good for your body. After being with someone like Finnick for so long, you’ll need something warm and sweet.” 
Fine, maybe Benedict is right. But that’s what he sees on the surface. Finnick is always cold in other people’s eyes, but I could feel his warmth all the time. 
Perhaps that’s how he treats someone he loves and someone he doesn’t.
“Vivian, why did you marry Finnick? Was it for money, reputation, or status?” Benedict questioned her bluntly. 
Urghh, he’s like everyone else. Despite the beautiful features he has, he seems to be an elusive person. 
“Mr. Morrison, your question does not have anything to do with the interview today. These are my personal matters, and I refuse to answer that.” 
Vivian didn’t want to discuss her relationship with Finnick with outsiders as it was the agreement and secret between the two of them. Even the elder Mr. Norton didn’t know about it. 
She continued, “I know you don’t have a good impression of me because of Finnick. However, I’m here today for an interview for the antique fair. This is a great PR opportunity for Morrison Group. Who knows? Maybe the share price would increase.” 
Benedict flung up his hands as he said, “No, no. It’s not like what you’re thinking. I don’t dislike you. I was just reminding you to be careful when it comes to cold and heartless men like Finnick. You need to prepare yourself that he would abandon you ruthlessly one day, just like how he did to Evelyn.” 
Vivian finally understood. She knew now why Benedict was always giving Finnick the cold shoulder, and why he was always cynical to her. So he couldn’t get over his sister’s death. He had always misunderstood Finnick. 
She said to him, “Mr. Morrison, you’ve misunderstood him.” 
“Misunderstand? Vivian, you’re really na?ve. Everyone knows about the fire. Am I the only one who misunderstood him? Don’t be deceived by Finnick. Wise up and divorce him at your soonest. Leave that evil man!”
Leave Finnick? How could I do that? I’ve always trusted him. I know he wouldn’t lie to me. 
Benedict added, “He was able to abandon Evelyn and run away just to protect his own life. Do you think he wouldn’t do that to you, someone he met by chance? What if both of you are in a life- threatening situation? Do you think he would put you before himself? Or show his love for you and say that he loves his wife? Vivian William, you’ve got to wake up from your dreams!” 
Benedict’s words sounded like Finnick was such an unbearable man, as if the latter was a dirty bastard. Vivian found it unfair to Finnick as Benedict was accusing him of something that hadn’t been concluded. 
She insisted, “Mr. Morrison, you really did misunderstand him. Finnick didn’t abandon Evelyn. It was she who told him to leave the place and get help from other people. He didn’t escape out of selfishness. He had been so upset because of this incident. Besides, he keeps all Evelyn’s stuff in great condition. He doesn’t even let me touch them. Your sister is always in his heart, and it will be forever.” 
“Forever.” Benedict couldn’t help but feel sad at the mention of Evelyn.
###Chapter 247
Chapter 247 
“That’s right. A dead person can’t be brought back to life. So, could his love for you last forever? Vivian, it wasn’t really wrong of him to run away and left Evelyn. No one should risk their lives for someone else anyways. But I just hate that he wouldn’t admit it.” 
Vivian quickly explained, “Sometimes the truth that everyone believes in might not be real. Why can’t all of you leave Finnick alone? Why should he be held accountable for something he didn’t do, Mr. Morrison?” 
“Just call me Benedict. Cut that pleasantry.” He said. 
“Fine. I understand that you’re devastated, Benedict. Even though I’ve never met Evelyn, I know she must be beautiful and was very likable. I also know that she must’ve loved Finnick very much. So I believe that she would’ve wanted him to live on. I would do that too if I were her. I don’t believe Finnick would abandon her. If that was the truth, then Evelyn and I have really bad tastes in men.” 
Benedict studied Vivian. I see. This woman really loves Finnick. She has already fallen too deep, just like how Evelyn was. 
The brother had warned Evelyn countless times that she shouldn’t get too close to Finnick, and that she must never fall for him. But Evelyn liked the man so much. She even sacrificed the prime of her life for him… 
“Don’t exonerate him. You’ve only been with him for a few days. Do you think you know him well enough? I’ve known him for more than twenty years. I know him better than you do.” 
Vivian knew she wouldn’t be able to clear up the conflict that had been going on for so many years. So she changed the topic, “You really love your sister, don’t you? You two must have a good relationship.”
Upon hearing her words, sorrow flashed through Benedict’s eyes. He would always think of the times he spent with Evelyn in the park when they were younger whenever he thought of her. 
She would always follow him around, but he found her annoying and wouldn’t want to play with her. 
It wasn’t until his parents had passed away did he realize she’s all he had. Evelyn was still so young, she needed someone to protect her. Only then did he see the responsibilities he held by. 
Benedict explained, “My parents passed away more than ten years ago. Evelyn was my only family member.” 
Vivian was feeling sad too. 
She wanted to get down to business and interview Benedict about the antique fair, but he didn’t want to continue anymore. 
“Alright, let’s end our conversation here. I’ve already said what I have to.” He said, making it clear that it was time for her to leave. 
But I haven’t completed the interview for the magazine company! I can’t leave just like that. 
She quickly tried, “Mr. Morrison, may I ask you a few questions about the antique fair? We won’t talk about anything else, alright?” 
A hint of smile appeared at the corner of Benedict’s eyes, a mocking one, as if the words she just said were ridiculous. 
“Do you really think Fabian sent you to interview me because of the antique fair? You’re truly naive, you know? No wonder Finnick could get you eating out of his hands. You kind of had it coming.”
What does he mean by that? If the reason isn’t because of the antique fair, then what is it? Are Fabian and Benedict on the same side? So many question marks popped up in Vivian’s head. 
Benedict continued, “Or maybe you already knew what kind of person Finnick really is. You just wanted the title of Mrs. Norton and the benefits you could get from it, right? Vivian, you must have a great deal of patience to be able to tolerate someone as cold as Finnick.” 
Benedict’s words were too rude and Vivian couldn’t stand it anymore. Well, there really isn’t any point of interviewing him anymore. 
She didn’t even take a sip of the coffee he made as she stood to leave. 
The man added before she left, “You better watch out, Vivian. Think about what I said. Don’t regret it in the future and blame me for not warning you.” 
The interview ended with an unpleasant atmosphere. 
Vivian looked listless as she made her way home. 
She didn’t get to finish her interview, nor did she get to ask him any of the questions she prepared, but she was chastised by Benedict instead.
###Chapter 248
Chapter 248 
The moment she reached home, Finnick was reading a magazine on the couch. 
At the sight of her, he asked, “You’re early today.” 
“Oh, there was an interview this afternoon. I came straight home after that.” Vivian answered half- heartedly. 
She stared at the back of Finnick, thinking if she should ask him about the fire. 
After hesitating for a moment, she couldn’t resist but ask, “Finnick, you found out information about me being framed two years ago. Didn’t you or grandpa investigate the kidnapper from the incident back then?” 
Vivian thought that if they could find the abductor, maybe they could find out how Evelyn died. That way, Finnick wouldn’t have to suffer from all the insults anymore. 
Then the emotional entanglement in Benedict’s heart would be unraveled. Maybe he could even make up with Finnick. Both of them used to love Evelyn after all. 
Finnick asked curiously, “Why do you ask suddenly?” 
“I-I was just curious.” 
Finnick asked her to sit beside him as he said, “I found him, but…” 
His voice trailed off. 
In fact, Finnick had found information about the incident, but he didn’t want to tell Vivian about it.
He didn’t mean to hide it from her, but he didn’t want to drag her into this matter and put her in danger. 
“Why did you ask?” Finnick replied with a question instead. 
After hesitating for a second, she gritted her teeth and grabbed hold of Finnick’s hands. Her eyes staring into his, “I just don’t like it when other people misunderstand you. They keep saying that you abandoned Evelyn.” 
Finnick furrowed his brows tightly together. 
What exactly did she go through today? Did people leave mean comments online? Is that why she gets emotional and wants to set the record straight? Or is there some other reason? 
“Don’t worry,” He said while holding her hands. “I’ll find out whatever I can by all means, but now isn’t the right time.” 
Finnick’s answer was rather ambiguous but Vivian trusted him, so she nodded and stopped questioning him. 
The next day when she was about to get to work, Finnick offered to send her to the office. 
In the car, he suddenly dropped a question, “Did anyone at the magazine company pick on you when your identity was revealed?” 
She shook her head and answered, “Nope. When they found out that I’m the president’s wife, they couldn’t wait to butter me up. Guess what? I got recognized at the antique fair yesterday. It’s so embarrassing! It feels so weird and I’m not used to it at all.” 
Finnick felt relieved that no one was causing her any trouble. After all, he had made lots of enemies and also fans all these years. He was afraid that Vivian would be in danger.
He stopped the car at the entrance of the magazine company and Vivian got down from the car. 
After she left, Noah reported, “Mr. Norton, Mrs. Norton was still in the car earlier so I didn’t say anything. I’m getting close to finding out who framed her two years ago, but I still need some time before the truth becomes clear.” 
Even though there were some hurdles, it was obvious that the group of people hindering him weren’t a match for Finnick. Although Noah took a longer time, he was getting closer to the truth. 
Satisfying, Finnick said, “Good job. Look into every clue you find. I’ll be waiting for good news.” 
The assistant was naturally happy when he received encouragement from his boss. 
He added, “Also, about the girl who saved you ten years ago. The dress she wore was limited edition, only ten people in Sunshine City bought it. As long as we could retrieve the customer list and rule them out one by one, we’ll be able to find her.” 
Finnick nodded. “Do your best and get to the bottom of it.” 
He couldn’t wait to find out about the person who set Vivian up and show gratitude to the little girl who saved his life. 
Meanwhile, at the magazine company’s lobby, Vivian was welcomed by multiple people’s gazes. Whatever. I’ll just slowly get used to my life as Mrs. Norton.
###Chapter 249
Chapter 249 
Vivian was in a good mood even though the interview yesterday didn’t go well. 
She was humming a song as she made her way to the office when Sarah rushed to her anxiously. The latter shouted, “This is bad! Something’s happened!” 
At the sight of her colleague’s expression, Vivian knew something serious must have happened. Are they closing down the company? 
Since Vivian was still kept in the dark, she asked in confusion, “What’s wrong, Sarah? What happened?” 
Sarah stammered as she didn’t know how to break the news. 
“Come on, Sarah. I’m starting to panic here.” 
The expression in Sarah’s eyes told Vivian that it had something to do with her. 
After some hesitation, the former said, “Vivian, take a look at Twitter. The feed is blowing up! But try not to get angry after you see it.” 
Vivian couldn’t guess what was it about, but it didn’t seem like something good. Otherwise, why would the normally blunt and straightforward Sarah be so hesitant? 
She quickly opened up her Twitter and instantly froze when she saw the trending topics. 
They were all about her. 
Vivian William is so shameless!
Exposing Vivian William. 
True colors of Mrs. Norton. 
What’s going on? 
Tapping on one of the topics, it was all about her personal details. Those media personalities had exposed her privacy! 
It went from her graduation photos from when she was young, and her origins, family, grades from her school days to the clubs she attended… 
The post also included the information of her being the Miller family’s illegitimate daughter and the rumor of her selling her body in school from two years ago. 
Everyone was saying that Vivian was a love child and Rachel was a mistress who was a destructive third wheel in someone else’s marriage. It was said that Vivian’s time in university was very improper. She had slept with countless men. They deemed her a dirty woman and wasn’t suitable for Finnick. 
She paled upon realizing the severity of the matter. 
The rumors from more than two years ago finally subsided but it was made public again. Everything sounds so real. How am I going to face other people from now on? 
Besides, it was fine if she was the only one affected. But she had Finnick now. How would he be able to hold his head high again when there are rumors like this about his wife? 
Vivian was completely stunned on the spot. 
It felt like she had been stripped naked and was standing in front of a crowd while they criticized and made fun of her.
Everyone was throwing accusations and insults at her. There were posts and comments talking about her mother being a shameless mistress, and that she was a shameless gold-digger. 
But these are not the truth! 
I’m innocent! What happened two years ago wasn’t like what they had described at all. 
Not only that, but my mom is also innocent too! She is the victim there! The ones who should be judged and criticized are Harvey and his family. 
Vivian felt her vision darkened. 
“Vivian, are you okay? You don’t look good.” Jenny asked. 
Obviously, Jenny knew what had happened too. 
Mom and I are probably the only ones kept in the dark about this. The look in everyone’s eyes gave Vivian the answer she needed. 
Her heart sank as she answered, “I’m fine, Jenny.” 
She sounded weak and her voice was soft. She didn’t have the energy to think about other stuff anymore. 
The office was abnormally quiet with only the sounds of keyboards clicking away. 
Luckily, Shannon said that she wouldn’t be back till noon since she’s off for an interview. Otherwise, Vivian wouldn’t be able to stand it in the office. The words from that woman’s mouth could kill someone. 
Vivian tried hard to not be affected by the posts on Twitter. But she couldn’t help but take another look.
As time went by, rumors continued to fester. 
There were even chat histories on Twitter, titling as ‘Those Who Are Involved’. The exaggerated contents were obviously slandering Vivian. Everything was blunt and absolutely unkind. 
They were shared and reposted countless times, with different types of opinions popping up on the feed.
###Chapter 250
Chapter 250 
How could an illegitimate child be worthy of the president of Finnor Group? Isn’t that too absurd? Class dismissed! 
Mrs. Norton’s background is so strange. No wonder Finnick wants to keep it a secret. Not only is she an illegitimate child, but her mother is also a disreputable woman. Finnick, you have been deceived! 
Finnick’s mother-in-law is a shameless homewrecker. Both mother and daughter are skanks! 
What a b*tch. She was even selling her body during her university days. That’s utterly shameless. 
I knew her when I was in university, and she was a whore back then. She’s a dirty woman who goes around hooking up with men. 
Vivian bit her lip and held back her tears. 
There was an online video of an unknown person interviewing Vivian’s former university classmates. 
Anonymous man: You were Vivian’s university classmate and also the class monitor. You should know her quite well then. Is she the type who sleeps around as rumored online? 
Class monitor: Hm… It’s been so many years, so why bring it up again? Anyway… I better stop talking. I wouldn’t want to offend anyone. All I can say is she has a bad reputation. 
Anonymous man: It looks like you are afraid to speak the truth, but I can tell that there’s more to that. We’ve found a few more classmates. Do you think they will tell the truth? 
Classmate: There was a scandal back then, and many people knew about it. There were rumors that she slept around with many men.
Classmate: It seemed like she had a boyfriend. But he later found out that she slept around, so he broke up with her and went abroad. That’s all I know. 
What happened two years ago came back to haunt her again. Once more, she was thrown back into hell. 
She remembered how she felt those days when her classmates and lecturers looked at her disdainfully and spewed harsh words at her. Right then, she was overwhelmed by that terrible feeling again. 
Had she not thought of her mother back then, Vivian would have taken her own life. But now, the scandal had resurfaced, attacking her ruthlessly until she could no longer muster the strength to fight back. 
Tears were falling down her cheeks like a broken string of pearls. Vivian’s heart wrenched in pain as though she was being punched in the chest. 
Muffling her cries, she ran all the way out of the office and headed to the washroom. She locked herself in a cubicle and sobbed uncontrollably. 
Ken stood up and looked at Vivian’s empty desk, then he said to Sarah, “Was she crying?” 
Sarah replied impatiently, “Shut up and get back to work.” 
Deep down, Sarah knew that Vivian only wanted to be alone at this time, so it wouldn’t do her any good at all if she were to go and comfort her now. She let out a sigh. This is terrible. She’s in deep trouble this time. 
The phone on Vivian’s table lit up with incoming calls, and they were all from Finnick and Fabian. However, Vivian was slumped on the toilet seat, sobbing her heart out.
As she sat on the toilet lid, she felt shivery and trembled uncontrollably. Beads of cold sweat were forming on her forehead. 
Her past was like a nightmare that followed her everywhere she went. It was hindering her from living a happy life. She had just won over Finnick’s love, but once again, she was being knocked down by the cruel reality. 
Back in the office, Sarah grew angry when she saw the interview video online. She spat, “What a bunch of wicked people. How could they go around exposing Vivian’s shortcomings? Do they even know the truth? They are just a bunch of troublemakers!” 
The magazine company had an upcoming opening ceremony to cover in a hotel. It was initially arranged to be covered by Vivian. However, Fabian knew about the video circulating online. When he couldn’t get through to Vivian, he grew anxious. 
He came to the office and saw that Vivian had left her phone on the table. She was nowhere to be seen. Feeling concerned, he asked Sarah about Vivian’s whereabouts. In a barely audible voice, she told him that Vivian might have gone to the washroom. But she had been away for quite a while, and she seemed to be crying. 
Fabian quickly turned around and left. 
Jenny glanced at Fabian’s retreating figure. She was trying to figure out what was going on but couldn’t put her finger on it. Somehow, she felt that there was something amiss about both of them from the beginning. 
Ken said to Jenny, “Fabian really cares about Vivian, and it looks like he’s charmed by her. I guess I really underestimated her.”
###Chapter 251
Chapter 251 
Sarah sighed. “Finnick and Fabian… As long as one of these two men is in love with me, I would be willing to take the rap just like Vivian.” 
Amused, she shook her head and went back to work. 
Fabian walked up to the entrance of the washroom and waited for Vivian to come out. 
While he was waiting for her, he suddenly remembered the time when they were in university. 
Back then, Vivian was innocent and simple, like a dazzling flower. 
He still remembered the time when she participated in a long-distance run at a sports event. But she had accidentally twisted her ankle during the run. Worried about her, he urged her to quit the race. However, she was stubborn and insisted on finishing it. 
With that, he stayed by her side and accompanied her to complete the race. 
The moment she crossed the finishing line, she collapsed to the ground. Fabian quickly carried her and rushed to the infirmary. 
At that time, Vivian was so docile in his arms. She could only cling on to him helplessly. 
Fabian couldn’t help but sigh at that thought. No matter how happy they were, those days were gone, and there was no turning back. 
Goodbye, my youth. 
And what about Vivian? Are our good times gone forever too?
Fabian had waited outside the washroom for quite some time when Vivian finally walked out with reddened and swollen eyes. 
Seeing her disheveled state, he quickly stepped forward to comfort her. As he carefully supported her, he could feel how cold her body was. 
“Vivian, I’m sorry.” 
Looking up at Fabian, Vivian noticed that his eyes were filled with adoration. 
Vivian answered, “There’s nothing to be sorry about.” 
Actually, Fabian was apologizing on behalf of Ashley, but he couldn’t tell her that the person who orchestrated the horrible incident two years ago was her own sister. He was afraid that she would take things too hard. 
Had Ashley not started the scandal by drugging her and getting someone to assault her sexually, Vivian would have stood with pride as the wife of a president. 
Fabian said, “I’m sorry that I have not protected you well enough. I don’t deserve your love, Vivian.” 
“It has nothing to do with you,” Vivian replied weakly. “Do you need anything? Why are you here?” 
Fabian came here to comfort Vivian but realized that she had been crying. The scandal must have taken a huge toll on her. 
He said, “Oh, are you going to W hotel to give an interview for the opening ceremony? If it’s inconvenient for you, I can arrange for someone else to go. Why don’t you take the day off today?” 
So he’s here to comfort me. Vivian knew Fabian so well that she could see through his every move and expression. Her face was filled with gratitude as she looked at him.
Vivian said, “Thank you, but I think I can handle it. It’s better for me to go because it’s already been arranged. Besides, I don’t want there to be any more gossiping in the office.” 
“Vivian…” 
Vivian lowered her head and walked away slowly. 
Fabian wanted to pull her into his arms to make her feel better. But he knew that such a move would only cause further speculations from the people in the office. Gossips and rumors would only traumatize her even more. Hence, he had no choice but to watch her walk away from him. 
Upon returning to the office, Vivian applied some make-up to conceal her red-rimmed eyes. Then, she left the office together with Sarah and the others. 
Her phone rang, and it was an incoming call from Finnick. After giving it some thought, she chose to ignore the call. 
At that moment, she did not know how to face Finnick, and her mind was all over the place. 
Everyone was silent throughout the entire journey to the hotel. 
Soon, they arrived at the opening ceremony of the W Hotel. 
The press and many celebrities were in attendance. Most of them recognized Vivian and gave her dirty looks. 
Sarah said, “Ignore them, Vivian. They’re just busybodies.” 
Unable to put up any longer, Ken said, “Smile, Vivian. Your smile will drive them mad. You didn’t do anything wrong, so you don’t have to be afraid of them. Who knows? They’re probably the ones with dirty secrets. Hmph!”
Sarah was afraid that Ken’s words would provoke Vivian, so she quickly snapped at him, “Ken, that’s enough. Get on with your work.” 
When Ken saw Vivian’s pale face, he quickly kept his mouth shut. 
In a listless manner, Vivian walked to the main hall.
###Chapter 252
Chapter 252 
Along the way, she heard many people mocking and jeering her. They deliberately uttered biting remarks within her earshot. 
“How dare she show up here? Has she no shame? She’s a disgrace to the Norton family.” 
“Oh, look, here comes the infamous Vivian. But she’s famous for the wrong reasons. For sleeping around, that is. She’s so thick-skinned. If I were her, I would have dug a hole and hidden in it.” 
“She’s Finnick’s wife. V.M. Fund, haha, what a joke! I wonder how many times has she cuckolded him?” 
“Her figure is just average, but it doesn’t stop her from selling her body. Her mother is just as bad, a mistress who seduces men.” 
“I heard that she slept around with countless men. What a slut.” 
The disdainful looks she received were like daggers stabbing at her heart. 
Her feet felt heavy as she walked around the room. Those hurtful words she heard were like whips lashing on her body. 
At this point, she felt so useless for putting her mother through all the insults and jeers along with her. 
After enduring endless verbal abuse and mockery, the opening ceremony began. In an instant, the hall turned lively as firecrackers exploded and a band started performing. 
The sound of joyous music and peals of laughter shot through Vivian’s aching heart. She moved away from the crowd to be alone. As she leaned against the wall in a corner, she looked up at the blue sky
and wished she could fly away and disappear like a bird. 
Tears rolled down her cheeks once again. 
At that moment, she missed Finnick so much and longed for him to be by her side. 
She quickly completed her part of the interview and then waited for Sarah and the others to finish taking photographs. 
As she stood quietly at the corner, she felt that she had hit rock bottom. 
She was wondering if Finnick had heard about the scandalous rumors yet. Would he be angry? Would he ignore me or kick me out of the house? What about Grandpa? If Grandpa knew about the rumors… 
While Vivian was lost in her thoughts, something was happening at Finnor Group. 
When Finnick arrived at the company early in the morning, a group of reporters suddenly rushed out in front of him. It was as though they had been waiting there for him, desperately wanting to get a few words from him. 
Very quickly, there was a crowd at the entrance of Finnor Group. 
Finnick did not know what was going on. But based on his intuition, he knew it was not a good thing. 
Reporter A asked, “Mr. Norton, what do you think about your wife, Vivian?” 
Reporter B asked, “Mr. Norton, do you have any explanations for your wife’s bad reputation? Are you going to continue with V.M. Fund?” 
Reporter C asked, “Is Vivian really an illegitimate child? Her days in university… Oh, Mr. Norton, don’t go!”
Seeing that the reporters were all mentioning Vivian, Finnick instantly knew what this was about. 
At that moment, Noah leaned closer to Finnick and whispered in his ear. With a grim expression, he informed Finnick about the scandal that was widely shared on the internet. 
Immediately, Finnick’s face turned hard and cold. 
He was well aware of Vivian’s past. If someone fabricated lies about it and spread them on the Internet, it would be damage Vivian’s reputation immensely. 
Furthermore, he had just disclosed Vivian’s identity in such a high-profile manner, and people were able to recognize her. Coupled with the scandal that was going around, it had undoubtedly thrown Vivian into a difficult situation. 
The last tinge of warmth in Finnick’s eyes faded away. 
Noah turned to deal with the reporters and said, “Please don’t make up false reports. Vivian is Mr. Norton’s wife, and they love each other very much. Please ignore the rumors that are circulating. Thank you for your cooperation.” 
Reporter C asked, “Mr. Norton, it’s been reported that Vivian is a sleazy woman. Her mother also has a bad reputation. What do you think about that? Have you been deceived by them?” 
Finnick was shocked to realize that there was slanderous news about Vivian. No wonder the reporters had made a mad dash over here just to interview him. 
Reporter A asked, “Mr. Norton, what are your thoughts on the matter? Are the things that were posted on the Internet about Vivian true? Is she an illegitimate child? Did she live a fast life in university?”
###Chapter 253
Chapter 253 
Before the reporter could finish, Finnick turned his wheelchair and stared him down like a ravenous beast. 
The reporter promptly zipped his mouth. 
Everyone was stunned by the intensity of Finnick’s reaction. The flames of his fury were fulminating, and it showed in his eyes. It was absolutely terrifying. 
As everyone held their breath, the entire room went silent in his intimidating presence. 
The minute he prepared to exit, they exploded again into a flurry of activity as they fired one question after another. 
Finnick clenched his teeth and growled, “Enough! Shut up!” 
The room fell silent once more as his anger shot through the roof. 
Finnick was expressionless as he asserted in an irrefutable tone, “I know Vivian William better than anyone else.” 
He was extremely worried about her. Ignoring the barrage of questions bombarding him, he reversed the wheelchair into the private elevator while the press clogged outside. 
He had to find out what had happened and who dragged Vivian back into the media’s crosshair. Could it be Ashley? There must be more to this incident than meets the eye. 
Noah, who stood beside him, inquired, “Mr. Norton, would you like me to look into this?” 
“Yes, but come with me to the office first.”
Finnick made a call to Vivian the moment he stepped into his office. As no one picked up, Finnick’s anxiety heightened. 
Revelations about Vivian’s past and the tragedy from two years ago surfaced after a quick search, and commentary on it was rife, mostly scathing ones against Vivian and Rachel. 
Vivian was raised by a whore! 
The appearance of Mrs. Norton belies the slut underneath. I never did like her. 
Like mother, like daughter. What a pair of skanks. One is a prostitute and the other an adulteress. I won’t let them off easily if I run into them! 
She’s a trashy peasant to begin with, unfit for Mr. Norton. Best to divorce her posthaste! 
Finnick’s face tightened as beads of sweat broke out on his forehead. 
Noah was taken aback as he had never seen Finnick this worked up before. 
After some consideration, Finnick said, “I want all of these Twitter accounts that have been spreading rumors about Vivian to be shut down!” 
“Yes, Mr. Norton!” 
He added, “Also see to it that all related negative reports are erased or blocked by news outlets. Those who refuse to comply will be denied access to Finnor Group from here on out.” 
“Understood! I’ll be right on it!” Noah nodded profusely. 
“Hold up.” Finnick was determined not to let the plotters get away. “Look into Vivian’s drugging incident two years ago. Make this your immediate priority!”
Upon receiving his orders, Noah set off without a moment’s delay. 
Meanwhile, at W Hotel. 
Vivian was not sure how she got through the interview at the opening ceremony, but she did. 
Many attendees were still hanging around, and they cast strange looks at her. 
Overwhelmed with sorrow and rage, she let out a sneer. 
These people are heinous and detestable! I would love to tear off their masks to see if they are indeed purer than I am. 
The darkness of the human soul is more grotesque than its ugly hide. 
At that thought, Vivian was repulsed to the point of nausea, and her chest hurt. 
Sarah and Ken felt helpless as they didn’t know how to comfort her. 
After some hesitation, Sarah said, “Screw them, Vivian. You know we believe you.” 
Ken chimed in, “News on the internet is totally unreliable. Who knows if clarifications would be made tomorrow. Let’s employ human flesh search to suss out the perpetrator and sue him!” 
Vivian forced a smile and said, “Thanks, guys. I’ll be fine.” 
When they returned to the magazine company, Vivian spaced out as she leaned against her desk. She did not want to get on the computer as she could not handle any more of the mud slung at her mother and her.
###Chapter 254
Chapter 254 
Suddenly, Sarah dashed over to her, looking ecstatic. “Vivian, your husband is too cool! He’s awesome!” 
Finnick? 
Vivian wondered what Finnick did which had Sarah so bowled over. 
Sarah was still hyped as she exclaimed, “Come look at this interview clip of Finnick. It’s all over the internet!” She went on to flash Vivian a big thumbs up. 
Pulling out her cellphone, Vivian realized that she had eleven missed calls; three from Fabian and eight from Finnick. 
She did not need to hear from Finnick to know why he was anxious to reach her. Vivian felt very touched. Still, she did not know how to face him as she felt guilty for putting him through so much trouble. 
The video featured an interview that was specifically filmed to address the rumors that revolved around Vivian. The scene was quite rowdy and chaotic. 
Vivian saw microphones pressed up against Finnick while Noah desperately tried to hold the reporters back and maintain order. The members of the press were in hot pursuit of Finnick’s response to her news. 
Finnick was in the eye of the storm as he sat as still as a statue in his wheelchair. Though he was silent, he projected a powerful presence as he looked unwaveringly into the camera.
One of the reporters was finally able to break through the perimeters of the human barricade and get close enough to direct a question his way. “Mr. Norton, tell us your thoughts!” 
Finnick turned slightly and fixated his gaze on that reporter. 
The jerky camera work captured his piercing gaze. 
Vivian could tell that Finnick was fuming with rage. 
Although he did not raise his voice and his expression did not change, that look in his eyes was sufficient to shush the riotous crowd. 
Amidst the stillness of silence, Finnick started to speak. 
“I know Vivian William better than anyone else.” 
His words were simple but weighty. That concise statement had those present holding their breath. 
Even Vivian and the others, who were watching the interview on the screen, felt the gravity of his words. 
He kept the faith and stood with Vivian even if the entire world turned its back on her. 
Vivian felt tears well up in her eyes. 
What had she done to deserve this? 
All the anger and sorrow she had to endure throughout the day evaporated when she heard what he said. 
At that moment, Vivian felt invigorated. With Finnick by her side, she felt like she would be able to weather any storm.
A huge burden had been lifted from her chest, and her heart was filled with warmth. 
After a round of finger-pointing, the magazine company called it a day. Vivian briefly sorted out her stuff before she left the office. 
She did not want to be subjected to unfair and baseless criticism, but as some things were difficult to explain in short order, she decided to let it go. 
My conscience is clear. I have nothing to prove. 
When she stepped out of the building, she spotted Finnick’s black Bentley parked by the intersection. 
He had come to pick her up. 
Was he here because he was concerned that I might be recognized on the subway? 
Shackled by a bundle of mixed emotions, Vivian stood rooted to the spot. She was undecided on how to face Finnick. 
Right then, he lowered the car window and asked in a deep voice, “You’re not getting in?” 
Instantly, Vivian came running to meet his smile with hers before she got in beside him. 
Finnick started the moment she hit the cushioned seat. “I’m sorry about what happened at the press conference earlier. I didn’t think through the whole process thoroughly before making the announcement about you.” 
Vivian quickly shook her head. “It’s okay since I’m already used to it, but I feel bad for dragging you and the Finnor Group down. I was worried that you would be upset with me and not want anything to do with me anymore.”
“I am upset,” Finnick stated. 
That led Vivian to look at him tentatively. 
“I’m upset that I wasn’t able to protect you from all this.” 
Oh… 
She shrugged in relief. “You shouldn’t blame yourself.”
###Chapter 255
Chapter 255 
“I’ve already started looking into what happened two years ago.” 
Vivian was taken aback but came around when she understood his intentions. 
Uncovering the truth would allow them to put the rumors to rest. 
She had often thought long and hard about the incident. But she just could not figure out how it happened. 
Vivian was contemplative. “I kept thinking whether it was because I offended someone or I was simply a victim by happenstance. Why else would anyone want to target an unworldly college girl? I had considered the possibility of someone gunning for Fabian, but I don’t think that was the case because we had already parted ways before that.” 
Finnick initially shared the same thoughts as Vivian until the perpetrator actively sought to destroy evidence pertaining to the incident. That was when he knew that Vivian was not an unfortunate victim of random criminal violence. Whoever was behind it must have been someone close to either Fabian or her. 
Vivian too had once cast her suspicions on Ashley and Emma. But she did not feel like they needed to resort to such extremities as they already lorded over her. 
Moreover, she hardly crossed paths with Ashley when she was in college and had no quarrel with her then. There was no probable cause for Ashley to hate her enough to do what she might have done. 
As a draft blew chillingly into the vehicle, Vivian drew her body closer to Finnick’s. 
It was a difficult day fraught with emotions, but she felt better now that he was with her.
The corner of her lips finally curled up into a smile. Her fortunes were intertwined with that of this man’s, making them inseparable. 
Vivian nestled her head onto his shoulders like a kitten and soon fell asleep soundly. 
The atmosphere inside the car was peaceful. The tension built up over the course of the day dissipated from the moment Finnick laid eyes on Vivian. 
As he lowered his gaze upon the woman’s restful face, he felt something tug at his heartstrings. More significantly, he felt a tenderness overcome him. 
Some time passed before a call came through to Noah’s earpiece. 
He hung up after a brief exchange and appeared delighted. 
In a barely audible voice, Noah said to Finnick, “We have received a very important lead, Mr. Norton. I believe it would be of tremendous benefit to Mrs. Norton’s case.” 
Finnick’s eyes lit up. “Have you discovered who was behind everything?” 
“We don’t know who the culprit is yet, but we have found someone who was directly involved in the incident two years ago. He was sent overseas, but we’ve managed to bring him back. Our guys have locked him up in the basement to await interrogation,” Noah replied. 
Finnick’s lips formed a slight smile. 
Excellent news. And timely as well. 
The moment has arrived for some payback. 
Finnick smirked at that thought.
He wanted everyone who hurt Vivian to beg on their knees for her forgiveness and pay with their lives. 
Seeing that the sleeping Vivian was breathing steadily, Finnick decided not to disturb her. 
Noah then said, “We are nearly home, Mr. Norton. Shall we wake the missus?” 
“That won’t be necessary. I’ll take her. Just help me get the wheelchair inside. Nobody is going to see me in my own garage anyway.” 
“Will do.” 
Finnick picked Vivian up and carried her into the house. 
Meanwhile, Noah pushed the unoccupied wheelchair in tow. 
Vivian was then brought up to the bedroom to rest. 
As she looked particularly fatigued, Finnick thought that the events of the day must have left her physically and emotionally drained. 
He caressed her forehead affectionately and tucked her in before he made his way out. 
Soon, Finnick arrived in the basement in the company of Noah. 
The culprit from two years ago was bound hand and feet in a squatting position on the floor. The shifty- eyed man did not come across to him as the decent sort. 
Finnick wheeled himself over and stopped in front of the man. “What did you do two years ago? Spill it.” 
Shifty Eye turned to Finnick and replied gingerly, “You look like you’re the boss. Who’d remember stuff from such a long time ago? Besides, I didn’t do anything…”
###Chapter 256
Chapter 256 
Instead of replying, Finnick simply smiled and swept his icy gaze across the man. 
The man couldn’t help but shudder as a chill ran down his spine. 
Noah then drove a kick into his side. “Do not lie to us! We’re aware of your involvement, so you’d best come clean now. Otherwise, you will experience a fate worse than death!” 
Shifty Eye could tell that these two men in front of him were of considerable means. There was no way he was going to get away unscathed if the rich and powerful duo did not get what they wanted. 
He finally caved in and begged. “Alright, alright, gentlemen! Just ask away! I’ll tell you anything you want to know.” 
Noah brought himself level with the man on the floor. “Two years ago, were you paid to pimp a drugged woman to an old man?” 
“A drugged woman… An old man…” As Shifty Eye tried his best to recall, he seemed to remember something vaguely but was uncertain about it. 
Finnick grew impatient. “How could you forget so quickly the reason why you were sent overseas?” 
Once again, Noah showed Shifty Eye the bottom of his boot. “Spit it out! I assure you that you do not want to mess with us.” 
“Ouch! I’m trying, alright!” 
Cowards who fear the strong and trample on the weak. Finnick and Noah had seen too many of these sorts.
“It looks as if you have a long list of bad deeds to go through, so you better think carefully!” Noah scowled. 
“Yes! Of course!” the man answered hastily. 
He was most intimidated by the gentleman in the wheelchair, who was silently observing him. Although Finnick did not utter a word, the aura that he exuded was terrifying. Shifty Eye knew that if he did not come clean, he might not be able to walk out of there. 
He certainly remembered everything that happened back then because it was that woman who sent him away, and he was still pretty ticked off about that. 
“Oh, that’s right! I remember now!” the man exclaimed. 
He quickly recounted, “Two years ago, this cutie pie came to me. She was gorgeous and dressed real fine. I was thinking, for someone as young and loaded as her, she was pretty bold to come to me all by herself. She wanted me to find her an old fella, as ugly and dirty as I could, and promised me a big pay after the job was done.” 
Finnick and Noah exchanged glances. The moment of truth was finally here! To their surprise, the mastermind was a woman! 
Shifty Eye continued, “I remember her very well. She was over the moon when I found her a nasty old pervert with a gambling habit. Real generous too. She gave me a lot of money and later paid for me to go overseas. I didn’t want to because I had a wife and kids, but she threatened me. And so I went along with it because I was scared.” 
Finnick asked, “What’s her name? Do you have her photo or contact number?”
The man cracked his head again. “I don’t have any photos, but she did mention a name. Like A… No, Miller! That’s it! I’m sure that’s her name because she kept rambling on about what her family does…” 
Finnick and Noah echoed, “Ashley Miller!” 
“Yeah! Yeah! That’s her!” the man cried. 
Ashley Miller again! 
This is great! 
It’s perfect! 
The final hint of warmth faded away from Finnick’s expression. His deep-set eyes became so dark and unfathomable that the sight chilled everyone else to the bone. 
Even Noah was taken aback by him. 
Shifty Eye shrunk as he averted his gaze, not daring to let out a yelp. It felt like the temperature in the room just dropped below subzero. 
He tried to chase away thoughts about whether the head honcho in front of him was going to kill him. Right then, the man looked like he was going to rise from the wheelchair and get medieval on him. 
The garage fell deathly silent as the only audible sound came in the form of Finnick’s icy breath.
###Chapter 257
Chapter 257 
Finnick paused for what seemed like ages. It took him a while to quell the fire within him and collect his thoughts. He then turned to Shifty Eye, “Now, go turn yourself in! For your role in an unlawful transaction.” 
“What…” The man had no desire to go to prison. 
Finnick said, “Don’t worry. You will be well rewarded so long as you do as you are told. Savvy?” 
“Yes! Got it!” The look in Finnick’s eyes told him that he was not going to take no for an answer. 
Noah then took Shifty Eye away to the police. 
Finnick eyed him coldly as they made their exit. 
Under any other circumstances, he would have definitely not let anyone who hurt Vivian off. But he needed a way to vindicate her and stave off all the negative publicity she had been receiving. 
Shifty Eye should thank his lucky stars to be able to get away with his skin intact. 
With that in mind, Finnick dialed a number. “I have a job for you.” 
The next day at the Miller residence. 
Ashley was still immersed in the bliss of dreaming about her future life together with Fabian when she was rudely awakened. The sight of Emma greeted her when she opened her eyes. 
Emma’s expression was a mixture of fear, anxiety, and accusation. 
“It’s still early, Mom. What’s this about?” Ashley asked as she rubbed her groggy eyes.
Emma was on edge. “We have a problem, Ashley. Go take a look at the news!” 
What about the news? An earthquake elsewhere? A presidential scandal? Or an oil field going up in flames? Surely there’s no need to wake me up so urgently like this and disrupt my beautiful dream! She was still enjoying the warmth that emanated from Fabian’s body as they were making out in her head. 
“Come on, girl! Get up! You’re in the headlines!” 
“Me?” Ashley shot up when she heard that it was related to her. 
Shouldn’t it be Vivian making the news? Ashley was so ecstatic about the way netizens tore Vivian down over the past few days that she went on a shopping spree to commemorate the occasion. 
She wondered why she was the one being reported instead. But when she saw Emma close to breaking down, she feared the worst. 
“Sweetie, come quickly. The internet has blown up! Our family is ruined!” 
That serious? Ashley got dressed before she booted up her laptop. 
Besides being reported by all the media outlets, the news was circulating on Twitter and WhatsApp. It was revealed that Vivian did not actually go into escorting two years ago but was set up by her own sister. 
The middle man who had pimped her out turned himself in. His testimony had vindicated Vivian and established Ashley’s guilt. 
Not only that, sources had uncovered that Vivian’s mother was also forced upon by Harvey in the same vein.
An unflattering photo of Ashley’s mug had been unearthed by internet vigilantes and published on various websites. 
The truth had been revealed! The reports also provided scintillating details about how Ashley bullied her sister growing up, arranged for her to be drugged and ravished by a disgusting old man, had lewd photos taken of the heinous deed, and concocted rumors to sully her reputation, causing the maligned Vivian to suffer years of unjust duress. 
Ashley felt the air sucked from her lungs as the hand on her mouse trembled. 
Who? Who could have done this? Who could have known so much apart from Fabian? 
Ashley was certain that this was not Fabian’s doing. Ever since she got pregnant, Fabian had been great to her. When he could not be around, he would still call to check in from time to time. There was no reason for him to do this. 
Besides, Fabian had already helped to destroy the evidence for fear that someone might persist in investigating the incident two years ago. 
Ashley composed herself before she read on. 
Both WhatsApp and Twitter were filled with messages and comments cussing at her family. 
Poor Vivian, tortured by her own sister… Ashley Miller is a green-eyed monster! Look at this photo. Ashley is a freak!
###Chapter 258
Chapter 258 
The Millers are just evil! As if it were not enough that they hurt the mother, they wouldn’t let her daughter off too. This is just unforgivable! 
What a vile woman to do this to her own sister! She’s worse than an animal. The heavens will punish her! May she burn in hell! 
Ashley Miller should go and die! I hope Ashley Miller gets struck by lightning! 
The Miller family is so wicked. We should boycott their businesses! 
Her heart thumped against her chest as though she was about to keel. How am I supposed to go out and face the world? 
According to another report, the stock value of Miller Enterprise plummeted out of the sky after that series of exposé was published. The monumental collapse of their stock resulted in massive losses to their business. Many clients withdrew from their collaborations, which landed the company in a state of crisis. 
Ashley trembled uncontrollably as she read the news. Is the Miller family done for? Her body went limp as she slid off the edge of her seat. 
Emma came forward quickly to help her up. 
“Help me, Mom! Help me!” Ashley clung onto Emma’s sleeves for dear life. Her widened eyes were as hollow as that of a dead fish. 
“I don’t wanna die… He! He won’t let me off the hook! Mom! I’m done for! Finished!”
“Who? Who are you referring to?” Emma was puzzled. 
“Finnick! Finnick Norton!” He’s gonna get me for this, Mom!” Ashley shrieked. 
She knew that even if he were not the one who informed the press, he would surely come after her. 
Ashley remembered every one of his threats. In fact, she sometimes jolted awake from nightmares of them. Never had she foreseen that it was all going to come home to roost. 
The mere mention of Finnick drove fear into Emma’s heart. With his capabilities, she dreaded to think what he could do to her daughter and herself. 
Emma wailed, “My poor girl, what have we done to deserve this? Don’t worry. Mom’s got your back. We will take that skanky mother and daughter down with us!” 
The sound of hurried footsteps was heard from the stairs as Harvey made his way toward his daughter’s room. Emma’s cursing, which blared in the corridor, was well within earshot before he reached the door. 
That made him even more furious. 
When Harvey stepped in, he gave both of them a piece of his mind. 
“Slut!” Harvey bellowed at Emma, “I’ve heard everything! Would it have come to this if you had just left them alone? If you still haven’t learned to restrain yourself after all this, you must have grown tired of living!” 
He then poured his fury onto Ashley. “You vicious little b****! To think that you did this to your own sister!” 
When Emma saw Harvey yell at Ashley over Vivian, she blew up like a volcano.
“You are one to tell us off! If you had kept your grubby hands off Rachel William, would we have to deal with your wretched bastard Vivian? She must be jumping for joy over her sister and the Miller Enterprise’s downfall. She is a jinx! A menace! Our Ashley only wanted to teach her a small lesson. Did you have to make a big fuss over it?” 
Ashley started bawling alongside her. 
Emma continued her tirade against Harvey. “Ashley is now with child, and she is going to marry Fabian for the good of this family. What has your bastard done for us? She got married to Finnick Norton, who has brought nothing but trouble for us Millers! You should go get Vivian to crawl here on her hands and knees to ask for our forgiveness!” 
Overwhelmed by the tongue lashing from Emma and the sight of the distraught Ashley, there was no outlet for his own resentment, so he chose to bottle it up. 
Were it not for his own licentiousness, these women would not have turned against one another… 
While Harvey sat in the house unawares, a loud boom rang out, and he quickly found himself surrounded by a squad of black ops troopers who had charged in.
###Chapter 259
Chapter 259 
The housemaid tried to stop them but was repelled into a corner. 
The men demanded to know where Ashley was, and she pointed in the direction of the bedroom on the second floor. 
With that, they proceeded to force their way into the room and seized Ashley. 
Harvey and Emma were shoved aside effortlessly, and no amount of frantic kicking and screaming they could muster out of their pampered bodies could stop the troopers from dragging Ashley away. 
Meanwhile, Vivian had just awoken. 
She slept like a log the night before and felt re-energized. There was no hint of a hangover from the troubles of yesterday. 
Finnick had been waiting in the dining room since early in the morning. With a bright smile on her face, Vivian walked over and sat down beside him. 
He said, “You look well.” 
Vivian took a huge gulp of soy milk before she responded, “Uh-huh, I’m revived! It doesn’t matter what anyone says so long as you believe me.” 
Finnick could not mask a smile as he looked at Vivian. “I’ve taken the liberty to apply for leave from the magazine company on your behalf. I would like to take you somewhere.” 
Vivian was surprised. What place could it be? Why is it so important to him? Is it going to be another press conference or formal occasion?Would it be appropriate for us to be seen together at this critical
juncture? 
She declined as she did not want to trouble Finnick. 
“I don’t wish to go,” Vivian said. 
It was as though Finnick could read her thoughts. “Not to worry. It’s nothing along those lines.” 
Vivian was perplexed. She did not know what Finnick was up to, but she followed him into the car after breakfast since he was insistent. 
As her phone was switched off the entire time, she had no idea about the storm raging on the internet and how the plot turned against Ashley. 
The black Bentley came to an abandoned warehouse. It was an old cold storage facility with things strewn all over the place. Vivian sneezed upon entering the warehouse. 
Noticing that, Finnick quickly offered her his coat. 
“No, you will get a chill.” 
“Put it on.” 
Vivian felt much warmer as she obediently pulled the coat over herself. 
As they pushed through the doors, she saw a disheveled Ashley prone on the floor, gagged with her hands bound behind her. 
Vivian was stunned. “Finnick, what is this?” 
Ashley’s eyes widened in surprise. Unable to speak, her heart raced when she saw Finnick and Vivian.
Finnick let out a sneer. The moment he wanted to speak, someone barged into the warehouse. 
It turned out to be Fabian and Emma. From the way they were panting, it was evident that they took a lot of effort to find their way here. 
Vivian was even more astonished to see them. Was Ashley kidnapped here? Why’re there so many people gathered here? Even Emma has shown up. 
What’s going on? 
Finnick was just as surprised to see them. But very quickly, he was able to put two and two together. 
Fabian and Emma are no fools. They must have figured out that I was behind it after Ashley was taken. When they could not find her anywhere, they kept tabs on me and tailed us here. 
But what do they believe could be accomplished by coming here? 
Finnick snorted as he ignored them. 
By now, Emma’s face was already awash with tears. She continued to cry her eyes out when she fell to her knees before him. 
“Mr. Norton, you are a magnanimous man. Please let my daughter go, I beg of you! If revenge is what you want, take it out on me! Please!” 
Vivian was dumbfounded. To have a woman as prideful as Emma, who was used to getting her way, humble herself like this was unprecedented. 
When Emma saw Vivian from the corner of her eye, she immediately turned to face her. 
Vivian panicked and ducked behind her husband.
Emma wept in anguish. “Oh Vivian, no matter what Ashley did, she is still your sister! Please forgive her! I’ll kowtow to you… Just let my daughter go! S-She is innocent. You are all making a mistake!”
###Chapter 260
Chapter 260 
“A mistake? Hmph! I see that both of you are still unrepentant.” Noah, who had been watching from the side, castigated. 
Vivian was at a loss as she could not quite make sense of the exchange. What did Ashley do? Did she upset Finnick? Or does it have something to do with me? 
Ashley was in tears as she struggled against her restraints in vain. She was only able to let out muffled cries through her gag. 
Fabian’s heart ached to see Ashley in this manner. 
He approached Finnick. “Finnick, consider yourself doing me a favor. She’s pregnant! Whatever it was that she did wrong, allow me to make it up to you. Just let her go first.” 
Fabian’s words had Finnick incensed. 
He said mockingly, “Fabian, aren’t you being selfish! For all the atrocities Ashley had done, you want me to let her off just because she’s carrying your child? Don’t forget that you were her victim as well!” 
The color fell from Fabian’s face. 
That’s right. How could I not hate Ashley? But she is with my child. What choice do I have? What else can I do? The unborn baby is innocent! 
Fabian said, “Let’s just forget it, Finnick. She’s carrying another life inside her! There’s nothing that could be done to undo the past. And isn’t Vivian doing just fine right now?”
Vivian was starting to connect the dots between Ashley’s kidnapping, Finnick’s fury, and Emma and Fabian’s pleas. But did we not agree to steer clear of each other? 
What unforgivable thing has Ashley done to have Finnick act this way? 
It did not cross Vivian’s mind that all of it had to do with what happened to her two years ago. 
The oblivious Vivian asked, “Finnick, what has Ashley done?” 
Finnick took a glance at Ashley before he turned to Vivian. “The incident two years ago. It was Ashley who instigated it.” 
It was Ashley? 
Vivian could not believe what she was hearing. In the past two years, she was ostracized, gossiped about, almost taken advantage of by strange men, and had broken up with Fabian all because of that incident. 
The realization that her sister was the mastermind behind it hit Vivian like a bolt of lightning. 
Noah explained, “I’ve done a thorough investigation. It was Ashley who spiked your drink two years ago. She then hired someone to violate you, took your lewd photos, and distributed them. She was also the one who sent those photos to Fabian and smeared your reputation in school! Ashley was responsible for all of that!” 
Dumbstruck, Vivian looked at the ragged Ashley. The bitterness in her half-sister’s eyes confirmed her guilt. 
“No! It was not Ashley!” Emma dashed forward to interject. “It was me. Those were my ideas! If you want someone to hold it against, let it be me!”
Fabian and Ashley were stunned. Was Emma out of her mind? Was it motherly love that gave her the courage to sacrifice herself? But what good would that do? 
Emma sobbed, “Two years ago, when I saw Vivian dating such an outstanding young man, I sought to mess things up for her. So I came up with the idea of drugging, pimping, and documenting. But that didn’t feel enough, so I went on to spread the photos around the school to ruin her completely… All of this was my doing! Ashley has nothing to do with it!” 
However, Finnick knew Emma was lying. She was willing to be her daughter’s scapegoat for the sake of her future happiness as any mother would. 
He proclaimed in an icy tone, “Neither one of you should expect to walk away from this scot-!” 
At that moment, Ashley struggled with all her might as though she wanted to speak. Fabian came forward and removed the gag from her mouth. 
As she choked on her own breath, he rubbed her chest to help her recover. 
Emma said, “No! No! It was me! I did all of that! My daughter had nothing to do with it whatsoever! I just couldn’t stand seeing this little b**** happy! I wanted to destroy her completely! She and her mother should both boil in the depths of hellfire!”
###Chapter 261
Chapter 261 
But Finnick was not about to let Emma take the bullet for Ashley, and he was quickly losing his patience. It was evident from his expression that he did not want to deal with the likes of Emma anymore. 
When Emma saw that her pleas were falling on deaf ears, she emboldened herself and raised an accusing finger toward Vivian. 
Emma screeched, “Vivian William, you slut! Had I known things would turn out this way, I would have gotten ten men to have their way with you! This is all your fault, yet you still have the cheek to stand there and watch us get humiliated! You shameless woman, bringing harm upon your own sister! May you die a million deaths! You…” 
At that point, Finnick was past his tolerance threshold. Before Emma was done cussing, Noah broke away from Finnick’s side and pinned her onto the ground until she could cuss no more. 
Vivian felt her heart ze over. 
As if it was not enough that they treated her unkindly on a daily basis, they even went as far as to taint her chastity, rob her of her happiness, and condemn her to the depths of infernal damnation. 
What have I done to deserve a family like this? 
As Vivian glared at Emma, she said in a quivering voice. “Do you two really hate me this much? What have I done to you that you have to treat me this way? No matter what, I am still part of the Miller family! You… Both of you…” 
She choked up at this point.
Abruptly, Ashley let out a sinister laugh that sent chills down everyone’s spines. 
All her plans had failed. Not only was Vivian standing there in one piece, she had the adoration of Finnick and had also uncovered the truth behind the plot against her. 
On the other hand, Ashley fell into a trap of her own making. Now she was akin to a sacrificial lamb, disgraced and left begging for mercy. She felt like she would be better off dead. 
It was not clear when exactly Ashley got cut, but she bled profusely from a deep gash on her arm. Her sleeve was dyed crimson as she lay in a pool of her own blood. 
Ashley knew that she could no longer keep things under wraps, so she hollered, “What did you do to deserve this? You stole Fabian! When I saw both of you being so intimate, I was jealous and wanted to break both of you up! Fabian is mine and only someone like me is fit for him! You are only a bastard! Who the hell do you think you are to steal him from me?” 
Vivian and Fabian were both stunned. Did Ashley already know Fabian back then? So Ashley had her eye on Fabian since two years ago? 
Vivian did not understand. “Fabian? How? How could you have known him?” 
Fabian was equally confounded as he did not recall having met Ashley before. 
Ashley gritted her teeth as she reminisced about that unforgettable day. 
It was that day when she fell for Fabian. 
Two years ago, she went to Vivian’s college to run an errand and by chance, caught a glimpse of her riding pillion.
The rider in front was Fabian, and Ashley still remembered how he looked to this day. Looking like a prince charming in his white tank top, he smiled dazzlingly in the sun, and his eyes were focused yet emotive. 
But at that time, he only had eyes for Vivian! 
At that thought, her deep-seated hatred surfaced. “Because I had already seen Fabian at your school two years ago! That’s right. I fell for him right away! That’s why I must ruin you, you shameless woman! Because you are not good enough for Fabian!” 
Fabian finally understood why Ashley looked at him that way when they first met. 
Vivian was astonished as well. Suddenly, she remembered that when they were both little, although Ashley had many lovely and expensive dolls, she insisted on taking her ragged one. Vivian wailed helplessly as she watched Ashley snatch away the only doll she had. In fact, she cried over it for a few days. 
Now that they were both adults, Ashley had gravitated to snatching her lover and destroying her sole happiness. 
As Vivian stared Ashley down, her eyes and her voice turned cold. “Two years ago, Fabian was already my boyfriend. What right did you have to come between us?”
###Chapter 262
Chapter 262 
“Who am I?” Ashley asked her viciously, “And who do you think you are? Fabian is such a handsome and outstanding man. Does a bastard child like you deserve to be with him?” 
After falling for Fabian at first sight, Ashley used her connections to find out that he wasn’t an impulsive guy but a young man from a wealthy and noble family. That fact alone made it impossible for her to resist her excitement and desire to possess him. 
“So, that’s why you schemed against me and made us break up?” Vivian found it hard to believe that Ashley would do such a terrible thing. “I’m your sister. Even if you hate me and want Fabian badly, you shouldn’t scheme against me with such a despicable method. Ashley, are you aware of how much I had been hurt because of what you did?” 
At the same time, Fabian’s face darkened as he stared at Ashley. If it wasn’t for Ashley, Vivian would’ve already become my wife long ago. Instead, I have to call her Aunt Vivian now. 
Ashley sneered, “That’s right, I did it! Hahaha, you are now filthy to the core because another man violated you. It’s too late to say anything now!” 
The crowd looked horrified at her words. 
Is Ashley trying to kill herself? She will only enrage Finnick and Vivian even more if she goes on! 
Fabian immediately tried to stop her. “Ashley, you should stop talking! Keep your mouth shut!” 
Meanwhile, Finnick’s expression turned even colder as he tried to tamp his anger and he sneered, “Filthy? Ashley, I’m sorry to disappoint you. But the man who stayed with Vivian that night two years ago was me.”
Although Ashley was afraid, a malicious look was plastered on her face. However, upon hearing the man’s words, her face turned ghastly pale almost immediately. 
“No! That’s impossible!” She then blurted, “It was obviously an old man then…” 
As much as she wanted to finish her sentence, the moment when she looked into his eyes, however, she could tell that he wasn’t lying. 
She was flummoxed and thunderstruck. 
She never thought that not only did she fail to harm Vivian, but she ruined her own life in the process. 
Meanwhile, Fabian who was standing aside was completely dumbstruck when he heard Finnick’s revelation. 
But when he thought about the fact that Ashley was bearing his child, he pleaded, “Uncle Finnick, since nothing unfortunate happened two years ago, please let Ashley go.” 
Finnick sneered and didn’t utter a word. But Fabian knew then that his uncle had no intention of letting Ashley go. 
When Ashley heard how Fabian was pleading with Finnick for her sake, she couldn’t help but feel a slant of light appeared from the pit of despair that she was in. Tears began to stream down her face as she said, “Fabian, are you standing up for me? You can’t bear to watch me die, right?” 
Since the truth was already revealed, she didn’t feel the need to disguise herself anymore in front of Fabian. Besides, she was touched to know that he treated her and her child sincerely and never thought about abandoning her.
After a while, she said, “Fabian, I really love you. In fact, I was mesmerized by you the moment I met you! I have fallen in love and am obsessed with you since then. Fabian, I will do anything for you. You have to be mine!” 
At the same time, Emma also tried to help her and said, “Fabian! It’s true! Ashley suffered a lot ever since she fell in love with you! When she realized that you love Vivian, she would always hide in the house and cry all day. She’s not an evil woman, it’s just that she loves you too much that she overstepped the limits. Please forgive her!” 
Although the mastermind who planned the scheme two years ago stood right before her, Vivian didn’t have to heart to vent her hatred. Instead, she felt that the truth was a ridiculous and absurd farce. 
No one cared about my life and feelings for the past two years. I was humiliated, abandoned, and judged by others… No one could even begin to understand how hurtful and depressed I was. 
She had to bear the mental torture all by herself as everyone around her perceived her as a slut and an inauspicious person, causing them to stay far away from her. Every man she met would either tease or loathe her. 
Moreover, her heart was completely shattered because of the tragedy. If it weren’t because Finnick was willing to believe her, she dared not imagine what would happen to her in the future.
###Chapter 263
Chapter 263 
Vivian felt that what Emma and Ashley done were unforgivable. 
Just then, Fabian wriggled from Emma’s grip, he came up to Vivian and begged sincerely, “Vivian, considering that we used to love each other two years ago, please let Ashley go. My kid is innocent and shouldn’t be punished for what the previous generation did. Besides, regardless of her unforgivable wrongdoings, she is still your sister. You can’t change the fact that both of you are related by blood.” 
Related by blood? How ridiculous. If Vivian could choose, she would rather not be born into this world. She hated the fact that they were related. She hated Harvey for taking away her mother’s happiness forcefully. Because of that, her mother was impregnated and had to give birth to her. 
She had no choice but to stay alive because she was part of the Miller family. Not to mention she had to live with her merciless stepmother and half-sister as a family. For all her years as a Miller, Vivian had always hated the fact that she was related to them by blood. 
Recalling back to the first time when she met Emma and Ashley, she was still young then and she wished that she could live with them harmoniously and happily when she found out they were her stepmother and half-sister. Even though she tolerated and forgave them for so many years, they never stopped envying, framing, and harming her. As such, she was completely disappointed by them now. 
When she was drugged two years ago, it was fortunate that Finnick coincidentally rescued her, or else she would have been violated. Why should I ever care if I’m related to them by blood? 
In their mind, they had always perceived me as an enemy, a stranger, and even a lowly woman who deserves to be violated by any man on the streets!
Vivian didn’t want to utter any word because she was tired of being betrayed and schemed against by the two wicked women. 
She simply turned around and didn’t respond to Fabian. 
Finnick sneered, “That’s enough. As they say, an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth. We must pay them back for what they did today!” He then turned and muttered, “Noah.” 
“Yes, Mr. Norton.” After answering him, Noah led several sturdy men, who had been waiting outside, into the room. 
Noah pointed at Ashley and Emma, he instructed the men, “Take them away and drug them. You may do anything to them afterward.” 
He paused for a while and added, “But remember to record it.” 
Once the men heard his instruction, they rushed forward and surrounded Ashley and Emma with an excited look on their faces. 
Scared out of their wits, Ashley and Emma screamed. Fabian tried to stop them, but he was pushed aside to the wall and could do nothing. 
“Mom! Save me! Don’t do this! No!” Ashley shrieked and cried frantically. “Fabian! Save me! Let go of me…” 
Fabian grabbed Finnick and begged pitifully, “Uncle! Please, I’m begging you! You’ll kill my child if you do this! Finnick, you can’t be that cruel. The child is a part of the Norton family!” 
Meanwhile, Vivian gnashed her teeth and shut her eyes. 
Finnick sneered, “Fabian, I suggest that you stay out of this.”
With sinister smiles on their faces, the men began to pour ecstasy drugs into Emma and Ashley’s mouths. 
Vivian was a little afraid and dared not look at them. As she leaned against Finnick’s chest, she felt that her hands were icy cold. For a moment, she could feel her resolve weakened. 
However, Emma and Ashley didn’t regret what they did to her at all. Instead, they were hurling obscenities at her and accusing her of being an evil wench. 
And here I am almost pitying them… Fine, I’ll let Finnick handle everything. I can take this as me avenging my mother as well. 
As kind-hearted as Vivian was, she wasn’t a saint who could tolerate all kinds of torture. Since Ashley was cruel enough to treat me like an animal, there’s no need for me to pity her. 
Just when Ashley and Emma were about to be violated, however, Noah suddenly received a phone call. In the next moment, his face paled. 
Why… Why is this happening? 
Considering the gravity of the situation, he decided to stop Finnick and the men immediately. 
He rushed toward Finnick and whispered in his ears. 
Upon hearing his words, Finnick turned pale too and raised his hand as a sign to stop the men. 
“Stop! Stop now!” Noah came up and stopped them. 
The men had almost poured the drugged drinks into Ashley and Emma’s mouths. The sudden command caused them to jolt in shock and they spilled the drinks all over Ashley and Emma.
After that, Noah asked the men to leave the room. 
Ashley and Emma went weak at the knees and were petrified. 
On the other hand, Fabian was surprised but doubtful at the same time. Why did Finnick suddenly order them to stop?
###Chapter 264
Chapter 264 
However, he didn’t spare much time to ponder over it. Since Finnick had asked the men to stop, Fabian took the chance to untie Ashley and helped her and Emma up from the floor. 
“Fabian!” Ashley rushed into Fabian’s arms and cried uncontrollably, thinking that she was safe now. 
Emma couldn’t help but sob as well. Her life had flashed before her eyes when she was almost drugged earlier. The humiliation would be too much for her to bear if everyone knew that she was drugged and raped at such an old age. If that happens, Harvey might even abandon me and drive me out of the Miller family! 
At the same time, Vivian was startled by the sudden turn of events. What’s going on? Why did Finnick suddenly change his mind? Did something happen? Or could it be that he didn’t have the heart to do it? 
As Finnick looked stone-faced, no one could ascertain his emotions. After a while, he glanced at Vivian and said in a low and seemingly apologetic voice, “I’m sorry. I’m afraid that I can’t punish Ashley anymore.” 
Is Finnick saying that he’ll let Ashley and Emma off the hook? 
Vivian was rather confused. Why did Finnick look completely different right after Noah answered a phone call? 
On the other hand, Finnick also noticed the changes on Vivian’s face. Despite that, he really couldn’t torture Ashley anymore. 
He held her hand gently and added, “Vivian, I’ll explain to you later.”
When Noah told Finnick the news earlier, Finnick couldn’t believe his ears. He never expected that it was actually her. 
Turning towards Noah, Finnick instructed him, “Let them go. You’ll stay here to take care of Mrs. Norton, send her home, and come meet me after.” 
The moment Fabian heard Finnick’s words, he immediately brought Ashley and Emma to leave the place. 
Finnick also left the room hurriedly. 
It was rather cold in the storage room. However, Vivian felt that the temperature seemed to drop sharply the moment Finnick left with Ashley and the rest. 
She couldn’t believe that Finnick abandoned her and left with Ashley. 
Just as she was lost in thought, Noah came over and said to Vivian, “Let’s go, Mrs. Norton. I’ll send you home.” 
Vivian finally snapped out of her daze and nodded in response. 
On their way home, she couldn’t help but ask, “Noah, why did Finnick’s attitude change all of a sudden and decided to let go of Ashley and Emma?” 
“Well…” Stammering, Noah gave her a vague answer. “Mrs. Norton, please don’t put me in a tight spot. You should ask Mr. Norton once he comes home.” 
Since Noah didn’t want to talk about it, Vivian reckoned that things were not so simple and that it may involve Finnick’s privacy.
Even though she didn’t really wish to see Ashley being tortured, she was curious about what happened to Finnick. She was stumped by Finnick’s actions and she felt increasingly anxious about the possible turn of events. 
Will Finnick abandon me just like how Fabian did to me? 
As much as she understood that her thought was ridiculous, she really cared about Finnick. Given that she had lost Fabian, she would never allow someone else to take Finnick away from her. 
With so many questions in her mind, Vivian waited impatiently at home alone. However, because Finnick didn’t call her, she had no idea when he would be back. 
At night, after the housemaid prepared dinner, Vivian permitted her to leave. 
When she browsed the internet, she realized that news and headlines about Ashley’s scandals were widely circulated online. Given that no one in Sunshine City could instruct every media to report about Ashley’s scandals, she believed Finnick was behind this. 
She felt fortunate that Finnick was able to find out the truth behind the incident two years ago, or else she would have been the scapegoat forever. Even so, she was still hurt badly since the truth was revealed late. 
When the clock on the wall showed that it was already eleven o ‘clock at night, there was still no news about Finnick. Despite her anxiousness, Vivian didn’t call him but waited alone lest she disturbed and annoyed him. 
Since she felt too bored, she began to scroll on her Twitter. 
Seeing that most of the comments made by netizens were to berate Ashley and Emma, she decided to log off from Twitter. Vivian felt that they had received the punishment they deserved.
Before she logged off, however, she realized that the Twitter user named “Back to the Past” read and liked her page. She decided to follow the user back because she felt that the user was rather mysterious. 
Vivian then continued to surf the internet for a long time while waiting for Finnick’s return. However, after waiting through the night, Finnick was nowhere to be seen. As the entire house was empty and silent, she couldn’t help but ponder over a lot of questions. 
She kept checking her phone from time to time, yet there was no WhatsApp or text message.
###Chapter 265
Chapter 265 
Vivian kept picking up and putting down her phone many times, wondering if she should call Finnick. She was rather worried about him. It’s so late now, did he have his dinner on time? Did he face any danger? 
As Vivian was tired, she eventually fell asleep. It was already morning when she opened her eyes again. 
The first thing she did was checking her phone. To her disappointment, there was still no message or news about Finnick. 
Since Finnick wasn’t at home that morning, Vivian went to the magazine company early. Besides, she would have a lot of tasks to finish that day because she took a leave on the previous day. 
Coincidentally, she met Fabian as soon as she arrived at the magazine company. He looked rather tired when he stepped into the building. 
When Fabian saw her, he asked, “Are you alright? Did you not sleep well last night?” He could clearly see that she looked pale with dark circles under her eyes. 
Vivian smiled and replied politely, “Well, I could ask the same about you.” 
They fell silent for a few seconds before suddenly mentioning different names at the same time. Both of them chuckled awkwardly. 
“Finnick…” 
“Ashley…”
Seeing that Vivian seemed like she wanted to say something, Fabian said, “Why don’t you come to my office for a while?” 
She agreed and followed him to his office. 
When they arrived at his office, he made her a cup of latte, which was her favorite. 
He handed the cup of coffee over to her and said, “I remember that you like this type of coffee the most.” 
Vivian nodded and answered, “I’m surprised that you still remember about it.” 
“Well, I have never forgotten about it.” 
Vivian recalled that Fabian used to bring her to a café back then. Since coffee was rather expensive for them as students, they only ordered a cup of coffee. Nevertheless, Fabian didn’t take a sip at all but only watched her finish the cup of coffee. 
He used to say, “Vivian, I will build a large café for you in the future and collect different types of coffee around the world so that you’ll be able to drink to your heart’s content. Do you like my idea?” 
Back then, she merely thought that the man was joking and wasn’t aware that Fabian was actually capable of doing it. 
To stop herself from reminiscing the sorrowful past, Vivian immediately changed the subject and cut straight to the point. “By the way, how’s Ashley? Where did they go? And where is Finnick?” 
Fabian replied calmly, “Why the rush? Enjoy the coffee first, and I’ll explain it to you slowly. Besides, since you have a series of questions, which one should I answer first?”
Vivian was actually not in the mood to enjoy the coffee. However, since Fabian offered it to her sincerely, she decided to sit down and take a sip of it. 
After a while, Fabian began to explain, “Finnick sent Emma overseas, probably to an underdeveloped and shabby country. Well, this way, she’d be able to stay away from you and she won’t be able to hurt you ever again. I think Emma got what she deserves, and all she could now is to pray that she wouldn’t have a miserable life ahead! Rest assured that since Finnick sent her overseas, he definitely won’t let her live the rest of her life in peace.” 
That being said, Vivian actually didn’t care where Emma was and what she was doing. Instead, she only wanted to know what happened to Finnick. She was anxious as to why he didn’t come home nor give her a phone call. 
She continued to ask, “How about Ashley? Is she alright? Is the child in her belly fine?” 
He answered, “Once she left the storage room, Finnick sent her to the hospital for a medical check-up and treatment. She is fine now after taking care of her wounds. For now… Finnick is accompanying her.” 
As soon as Fabian finished, Vivian snapped her head up and thought she misheard him. Finnick is taking care of Ashley? Doesn’t he hate her and want to torture her? 
Vivian paled and she could feel her mouth began to dry. She lowered her head and continued to listen to him. Why would the overbearing Finnick take care of Ashley? This is not how he usually behaves. 
She couldn’t help but feel slightly jealous. 
On the other hand, Fabian was also clueless about Finnick’s action.
He added, “I don’t know the reason behind the dramatic change. But Finnick is treating Ashley with care and is rather meticulous about it.” 
How is it possible that Finnick is taking care of Ashley in the hospital? Vivian was completely dumbfounded. 
Irritation surged within her whenever she imagined how Finnick was staying by Ashley’s side now. 
Nonetheless, she had faith in Finnick that he wouldn’t betray her. However, her heart still wrenched when she thought of how Finnick was being overly nice to Ashley. She recalled that she had a similar feeling when she was a kid when someone took her favorite doll away forcefully.
###Chapter 266
Chapter 266 
When Fabian noticed the changes on Vivian’s face, he asked with concern, “Vivian, are you alright? Don’t overthink it. Even though I’m not sure about the exact reason, I don’t think Finnick will ever fall for Ashley.” 
“What? Of course he won’t. I have faith in Finnick. I’m just… a little jealous.” 
So she’s jealous… Fabian could feel that Vivian truly loved Finnick now. 
Staring at her, Fabian fell into a trance. Vivian was still as beautiful with her black hair, thin red lips, a small but tall nose, as well as a pair of sparkling and affectionate-looking eyes. 
Meanwhile, Vivian felt a little uneasy when she noticed that Fabian kept staring at her. She stood up and said, “Alright, it’s time to start working, and everyone should already be outside now. I should leave and start working too.” 
“Vivian.” Fabian stood up as well and apologized, “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry that I didn’t protect you two years ago when the incident happened.” 
Vivian was stunned because she never expected Fabian to apologize to her sincerely. After listening to his apology, she couldn’t help but heave a long sigh to let go of her sorrows and feelings for Fabian for good. At that moment, she felt like a load had been lifted from her chest. She was finally able to let go of her buried feelings. 
With her back against Fabian, she simply remained silent and continued walking out of his office, with each step that she took, she felt she was finally walking out of his life. 
Fabian also heaved a long sigh when he thought about the baby in Ashley’s belly and that he would soon marry her.
Meanwhile, in the hospital, Finnick was sitting next to Ashley, accompanying her. 
Although she lay on the hospital bed, her complexion was looking better than yesterday and she was calm and alert. 
She went through a lot yesterday, including being kidnapped, almost being drugged by some sturdy men, and suddenly rescued… When she recalled back, Ashley shuddered in fear and broke out in cold sweat, she felt as if she were trapped in a nightmare from which she couldn’t wake up. 
Finnick sat next to her and was looking at his phone attentively. 
Sensing movement, he looked up at once and saw that Ashley was staring at him with a frightened look. He said nicely, “Ashley, you’re awake.” 
She was petrified and dared not utter a word. 
Finnick quickly asked a nurse to enter the ward and check up on her. Ashley was actually in a semi coma state when he sent her to the hospital yesterday. 
Everyone, including Finnick, was in a rush to send her to the hospital and look for the best doctor. As such, he was busy and didn’t have time to go home. Is Vivian in the magazine company now? Will she be mad at me because I didn’t go home last night? 
The nurse dressed and bandaged Ashley’s wound, took her blood pressure, and took a sample of her blood to be tested. After that, she explained that if the blood test results were fine, Ashley would be able to discharge from the hospital. 
Finnick thanked the nurse for her help while she flashed him a sweet smile. 
The woman on the bed must be his girlfriend. What a lucky woman she is!
Ever since Ashley was admitted to the hospital, she was in a muddled state and wasn’t sure what happened until now. 
She couldn’t help but guess what would happen next because of how abnormal Finnick was behaving. Is he thinking about torturing me? Why would he suddenly take good care of me and accompany me the whole night? 
She was curious about the reason why Finnick didn’t leave after taking care of her. She tried to sound him out. “Why did you let me go? And why are you treating me so nicely all of a sudden?” 
“I have my own reasons.” Just as Ashley expected, Finnick wouldn’t let go of her easily. 
Since Finnick had always been cold and indifferent, she was a little afraid to see that the man changed so much and was kind to her. After a while, she said, “Mr. Norton, I dare not do it again… I didn’t know that my mom did something wrong two years ago, and I…” 
“Ashley.” Finnick continued, “Even though your wounds are fine, the doctor suggests that you should get enough rest.” 
He doesn’t want to mention the incident that happened two years ago anymore. Since he failed to avenge Vivian, all he could do now was to punish Emma even more. 
“In that case, can I… go home?” 
“As long as the nurse agrees to it, sure, you can go home.” 
Ashley was finally relieved. I guess Finnick really gave up on the idea of punishing me. But why? She still had some questions in her mind. 
Ashley decided to voice out her concerns, “Mr. Norton, why did you…”
###Chapter 267
Chapter 267 
Ashley paused. She was worried that if she pressed on, Finnick might change his mind and not let her off. 
Likewise, Finnick also ignored her question. Instead, he pulled out a photo from his pocket. The photo was a little yellowish, but one could see a girl in a princess dress. The girl seemed familiar, but she could not tell for sure as the photo was quite blurry. 
Finnick asked, “Do you recognize the girl in this photo? Is this you?” 
Ashley’s eyes sparkled for she instantly knew that the photo had something to do with Finnick’s decision. If I said no, would Finnick treat me differently? And if I said yes, would this lead to more terrible things? 
After all, I have done many hurtful things towards Vivian… I should be careful with my answer. 
She decided to not answer him and instead questioned, “So what if I say I am or not? Why does it matter?” 
“Do you remember on a night ten years ago, you unintentionally saved a boy with injured legs? You walked a long way and took him to the hospital. In the end, he was saved.” Finnick paused, “That boy was me.” 
“You?” Ashley had no impression and could not recall the incident. But she knew that it was her only chance to escape punishment from Finnick. This is my lucky day! 
“Ashley, thank you for saving me. If it weren’t for you, I would have died that night.” Finnick said in a low voice. His tone was steady but filled with gratitude.
Yesterday, when Noah received a call, the caller claimed that they had found the buyer’s list of the limited edition princess dress of that year. Funnily enough, Ashley’s name was on the list. In addition, the location of the photo taken was nearby Miller Residence. After comparison, the girl was indeed Ashley. She was the girl Finnick had been searching for all these years. 
So, it turned that the girl in the photo was his savior. no wonder he reacted in this way. Ashley finally understood the reason behind the situation and an idea came to mind. 
She was silent for a moment as she did not want to talk too much about the photo and the past. 
She was suddenly reminded of Emma. I haven’t seen her since last night. Did she return to the Miller Residence? 
Ashley asked timidly, “What about my mom? Where is she? I haven’t seen her all day, has she gone back home?” 
Finnick sneered, “Here’s the deal, I can let you off, but not your mom. Especially since she was the mastermind behind Vivian’s incident two years ago.” 
Finnick was being tactful with words. 
Obviously, he knew that the mastermind behind the incident was not Emma, but Ashley. However, Ashley was just a college student then. Surely Emma must have known what her daughter was doing behind her back, not to mention how Ashley had used the Miller family to perform her nefarious scheme. Emma must have hated Vivian and her mother thus decided to help Ashley in the dark. 
Unfortunately, Finnick couldn’t bring himself to punish Ashley when he thought of the kindness he had received from her ten years ago. But for Emma, she will not be forgiven.
Ashley instantly understood Finnick’s implication. She knew that Finnick letting her off was already a huge compromise on his part. Fearing that he would change his mind at any time, she swallowed her request of letting Emma go. 
“If so, may I see my Mom then, Mr. Norton?” Ashley begged pitifully. 
“I’m afraid not, I’ve sent her abroad. This is the only way I can guarantee Vivian’s safety,” Finnick replied coldly. 
Chills went down Ashley’s spine. What a ruthless man. 
She knew what Emma would face once she was sent abroad. My Mom won’t be able to live the rest of her life in peace… 
She asked, “Is she alright, Mr. Norton? She’s old, so please go easy on her. I really want to see her. Could you please let her come back?” 
Finnick could feel nothing but disgust at the mention of Emma. However, he was reminded of the kindness ten years ago and he said, “I shall allow you to say a few words to her through video call, and nothing more.” 
Ashley wanted to ask for more, but when she caught sight of Finnick’s cold expression, she could only concede. I’ll think of something to bring Mom back myself. So hang in there, Mom!
###Chapter 268
Chapter 268 
Turning on her charms, Ashley thanked Finnick sweetly, “Thank you, Mr. Norton,” 
However, Finnick was immune towards other woman and their tricks, except for Vivian. “Have a good rest,” He replied emotionlessly. 
Finnick kept his promise as he ordered Noah to arrange the call for Ashley and Emma to meet before he left. 
In the afternoon, after Ashley was discharged, Noah drove her to a house in the outer suburbs to let her have her video call with Emma. 
In the video, Emma was sitting in a shabby-looking house. With its mottled walls and dirty floors, the house looked to be in poor condition. Aside from that, the room was poorly insulated due to the broken windows. 
Emma was relieved when she saw Ashley in good condition. However, she couldn’t help but burst into tears at the thought of her current situation. 
She looked filthy and skinny. She also looked haggard, as if she had been working tirelessly without rest. 
Ashley cried as her heart felt like it was sliced into half at the sight of her mother’s misery. 
As the saying goes, a mother’s heart aches at the sight of her child’s injury. The same could be said when a child was forced to see how their mother was suffering. 
Emma had always been treated like a queen. She lived in a villa with housemaids to serve her. For her to experience such suffering… I couldn’t imagine how terrible she must have felt! Ashley thought to
herself as her heart ached in pain. 
Noah closed the door behind as he left the room. 
Once he was gone, Ashley cried while asking, “Mom, a-are you alright?” 
“Yes… I’m fine…” Emma covered her mouth as tears streamed down her face. 
How could I possibly say that I’m being severely punished? My days here are like hell! I’m forced to work like a slave, and the meals are horrible. There’s no meat like fish and chicken, and instead, I’d be considered lucky to have leftovers. 
I was also bullied by a bunch of rude country folks. They’d spit and throw punches at me. Emma’s body was covered with bruises and wounds. However, she hid them away from Ashley with her clothes. 
Tears streamed down Ashley’s face as she said, “Mom, you’ve lost weight. Please take good care of yourself. W-Wait for Fabian, dad, and I. We’ll come for you. Please hang in there, Mom!” 
“Alright, I’ll wait for you,” Emma replied weakly, her arrogant and domineering attitude from the past had all but disappeared. 
“I don’t know what happened to your Dad but please get him to save me! I can’t stand it here anymore, Ashley!” Emma pleaded. 
Ashley nodded repeatedly. 
She then looked around to ensure no one was eavesdropping before asking softly, “Mom, why did you own up to Vivian’s incident two years ago? It was me who did it. If you didn’t admit to it, perhaps you could have saved yourself from all this suffering. This is all my fault!”
Emma was a mother, after all. And as a mother, she wouldn’t be able to bring herself to let her daughter suffer such a cruel fate. 
Emma replied, “Silly kid, of course I knew you were the one behind what happened two years ago. Yet, I didn’t stop you, right? Listen to me, never admit to it, and just put the blame on me, do you understand? Finnick is too powerful for you to go against him.” 
Ashley was deeply touched. 
“All I wanted is for you to be safe and sound. It doesn’t matter if I’m suffering a little. You should blame Vivian for this. If she hadn’t brought this up to Finnick, he wouldn’t have investigated this incident in the first place. It’s her fault! The world would have been a better place without Vivian and her mother! Ashley, please look after yourself and live a good life with Fabian, alright?” Emma comforted her daughter. 
Ashley felt extremely guilty towards Emma. Mom has sacrificed so much for me to be happy. 
Mom’s right! This is all Vivian’s fault. She’s the cause of my Mom’s suffering! 
Ashley replied, “Mom, don’t worry, I’ll avenge you one day! Both Vivian and Rachel will pay the price for the suffering they’ve caused us! I hereby swear that I won’t go easy on them! Mom, please take care of yourself!” 
“I will, don’t worry,” Emma promised. 
Emma had always been Ashley’s pillar of support and her guardian angel. Now that they were separated, Ashley felt isolated and helpless without her mother by her side.
###Chapter 269
Chapter 269 
Everyone is on Vivian’s side, no one is willing to stand by me and support me. 
Emma suddenly remembered something and asked softly, “Ashley, is your…” 
Before she could ask further, however, she heard footsteps. 
Emma hinted at Ashley, “You have to protect your baby… The baby’s your only leverage against them!” 
Before Ashley could assure Emma, the video call was cut off. 
I didn’t even get to have a good look at Mom’s face before it ended abruptly. I wonder when will I see her again… 
Ashley sat quietly as she wiped the tears off her face and secretly made a decision. 
Finnick arrived moments later, He decided to drop by since it was on his way. 
According to Noah’s report, Ashley had ended the call with Emma in the house moments ago, and Noah was waiting for Finnick’s order on the next course of action. 
Finnick thought it was necessary to negotiate terms with Ashley. He planned to repay her kindness and be done with her once and for all. 
In the house, Ashley was sitting on a chair, lost in her thoughts as she gazed out the window. 
Finnick couldn’t help but think to himself, Where did the pure and kind-hearted girl from ten years ago go? How did she become such a vicious woman? 
Was jealousy such a powerful influence?
Ashley still had tears on her face, but she was calm. She watched as Finnick arrived in his wheelchair. 
Finnick asked, “Have you met Emma?” 
“Yes, Mr. Norton. But, I don’t know if I should thank you or resent you. I’m afraid my mom can’t bear such suffering. She had never lived like a peasant before. She won’t be able to cope with it.” 
Finnick thought Ashley was right. My intention wasn’t for Emma to live a comfortable life. She will not realize her mistakes if she doesn’t suffer. However, I still believe that my punishment was too lenient on her. 
Ashley assumed that Finnick must have made a firm decision to send Emma away. She reckoned that Finnick would despise her if she begged him to let Emma go now. She was not a silly girl, thus, she decided to hold her tongue for now as the current situation was not in her favor. 
She said to Finnick, “You claimed that I have shown you kindness and you intend to repay me. How do you plan to do that?” 
“You can ask for anything you’d like, as long as it is within my abilities,” Finnick answered contemptuously as he expected her to ask for money or shares. 
Anything? 
Is Finnick truly sincere in trying to repay me? Did he think I would ask for something simple and he could be done with me just like that? 
To his surprise, Ashley sneered and replied, “My request is for you to leave Vivian. Can you do that?” 
Leave Vivian? 
Finnick’s expression hardened.
“That’s impossible, Ashley. You know I won’t promise you this, so think of something more practical,” Finnick answered in a cold voice. 
“Why? You can’t accept this term?” 
Finnick slowly shook his head, indicating there was no possibility of him changing his mind. 
“I’m surprised at how much you loved her.” Ashley joked. 
“Try something else, Ashley.” Finnick was starting to get impatient. 
Ashley wasn’t ready to give up just yet because it was her only chance to turn things around. Hence, she had to consider the terms carefully. If Finnick thought she could be appeased with a few million, he would be sorely mistaken. 
She would have chosen money in the past, however, the circumstances were different now. She desired something apart from money. 
Ashley shrugged. “Forget it then. Since you won’t leave Vivian, promise me this, Finnick, help me revive the Miller family and let me marry Fabian. All I want is to live a care life.” 
Finnick nodded in agreement as he was capable of doing what she requested. 
Ashley slowly got up from the chair, she raised her head to meet Finnick’s gaze and said, “Now take me home. I want to go home.” 
Finnick nodded before wheeling himself out. He ordered Noah to get the car and they sent Ashley back to Miller Residence. 
Meanwhile, Vivian who was working in the magazine company, found that she was upset and could not concentrate on her task at hand. Her mind was filled with thoughts of Finnick…
She wondered when did Finnick become the center of her life. Without Finnick, she seemed to lose her direction in life. She felt that she had no plans, dreams, or anything that she could grasp onto in life.
###Chapter 270
Chapter 270 
Vivian laughed at how pathetic she had become. She did not want to call Finnick as she felt that it would make her look like a controlling person. 
Just when she was wallowing in despair, the office was suddenly buzzing. 
Vivian heard Jenny and Sarah discussing the news. She decided to join in as a way to get Finnick off her mind. 
“What are you guys talking about?” Vivian asked. 
Sarah answered, “We’re discussing about investments,” 
Vivian frowned, “Investments? What are you planning to invest in?” 
“Haha, in stocks of course. I’m talking about the stocks from the Miller family company.” 
It turned out that they were discussing the stock recovery of the Miller family and considered buying it. They predicted the Miller family might be a dark horse in the market. 
Ken chimed in, “What do you guys think? Is this a new investment strategy? The stocks were in sharp decline yesterday, but they suddenly shoot back to the top today! One of my buddies felt miserable because he turned in all of his stocks yesterday when he noticed that they were declining.” 
Another colleague said, “So why did the Miller family’s stock rose tremendously today? Isn’t that weird?” 
“The Miller family’s stock isn’t reliable so don’t waste your money on them. Finnor Group’s stocks are much more stable, I have never lost money from investing in them. Besides, I have also invested tons
in the V.M. Fund.” 
While everyone was deep in discussion, Jenny pulled Vivian aside and asked, “Vivian, you came just in time. Is there any insider news you could share with us? I heard Finnor Group had invested a large amount of capital into the Miller family’s stock. Is that true?” 
Feeling rather awkward, Vivian quickly recomposed herself. 
She replied, “I never asked Finnick about his business, so I’m sorry, but I can’t help you.” 
Jenny seemed to have noticed something and she said, “That’s fine, there’s nothing to be sorry about as long as you’re okay.” 
Jenny’s comforting words made Vivian felt uneasy. 
What are you trying to do, Finnick? Vivian wondered. 
Not only did you stay all day at the hospital to accompany Ashley, but now you’re actually helping the Miller family recover their losses? Why are you doing all this to help Ashley? Does Ashley have anything that’s holding against you? 
Forget it, I’ll call Finnick and ask him myself. Vivian could no longer resist the urge. 
To her surprise, she received elder Mr. Norton’s call the moment she picked up her cellphone. 
“Vivian, I’m celebrating my birthday today. Usually, the boys would plan my birthday, but I’ve refused. I’m planning to use this occasion to gather everyone together. I have called Finnick and he agreed to come, so I hope you’d come too!” elder Mr. Norton said to Vivian. 
Vivian smiled, “Of course, grandpa. We’ll throw you the best birthday celebration ever! See you later.” 
Vivian hung up after she had a small talk with the older man.
Vivian was very surprised. How did no one know about grandpa’s birthday? Besides, why is he only telling me now? 
Vivian quickly checked her schedule and noticed she had no interviews lined up. Hence, she decided to visit a nearby mall to pick out a birthday gift for elder Mr. Norton. 
The moment she stepped into the mall, Vivian began perusing for gifts. However, her hesitant attitude made her gift shopping very difficult. 
After looking at many different gift options, she was still unable to decide on a gift. As the time to elder Mr. Norton’s birthday celebration drew nearer, Vivian became increasingly anxious. 
She walked into a branded men’s clothing store and considered buying the older man a wallet. I don’t think elder Mr. Norton would fancy such tacky things. Vivian thought to herself and she placed the wallet back on its shelf after much consideration. 
She then looked around and noticed a store that sold massagers. She walked into the store and bought a massager that could be placed on the neck and waist area. 
Although she knew that elder Mr. Norton was a veteran and had a strong body, it was no doubt that he would still suffer old injuries from the past. Thus, she believed that a massager could bring him some comfort. 
While Vivian was busy choosing a massager, Fabian was also at the mall and he was window shopping. Without noticing Vivian, he went straight into a store. 
Moments later, Vivian was finally done with her shopping and she went to the side of the road to hail a taxi.
To her despair, it was hard to get a taxi during peak hours. Most of the taxis’ had either been taken or booked.
###Chapter 271
Chapter 271 
Along the bustling streets, Vivian anxiously tried to flag a cab down. Sadly, none stopped for her. 
Her panic grew – she was going to be late for her grandfather’s birthday party if this predicament continued. 
She tried calling Finnick, hoping that he could give her a ride. Unfortunately, the line just could not get through. 
What on earth is he doing? Does he not know that I’m going to the birthday party? 
Finnick’s lack of response only compounded her misery. 
While she was sulking along the walkway, Fabian walked out of the mall. A gift bag hung from his fingers. 
Vivian’s desperate figure quickly caught his eye. “Vivian? Why are you here?” 
Observing the gift bag in her hands, Fabian guessed, “Where are you heading to? The Norton Residence?” 
Vivian likewise noticed Fabian’s gift bag and chuckled. “What a coincidence! You’re heading there too? Is that a gift?” 
“Yeah, the old man suddenly called and announced that he’s holding a birthday party. This sort of thing only happens once in a blue moon.” Guessing that Vivian could not get a ride, he added, “Let’s go together – I’ll bring you there.”
Vivian hesitated – it seemed a little unbecoming of her status to accept his offer. “It’s alright, I’ll get my own cab.” 
Glancing at his watch, Fabian replied teasingly, “You’re never going to get a cab at this hour. Just come with me – it’s not like I’m going to bully you or anything.” 
Giggling at his comment, Vivian figured that making the elder Mr. Norton unhappy by being late was a much more undesirable scenario. “Okay then, let’s go.” 
The two entered the car. 
The peak hour was unforgiving. The roads were jammed and the pair found themselves stuck behind multiple red lights. To lighten the mood, Fabian switched on the radio. Coincidentally, the station was playing a song that was popular during their college years. 
“Hey, do you remember this song? Back then, there was a guy from our course who sang this song during a gala dinner to woo a girl. But his performance was horrendous – I’m not sure if he sang anything in tune.” 
Fond memories came rushing back to Vivian. Her lips curled naturally as she replied, “Ah yes, I remember that whole fiasco. The best part of the story is that the girl was actually so touched by his act that they got together! We always mused back then that fortune truly favored the fools.” 
University life tended to be full of interesting and silly happenings. Some people had such a memorable time that they had enough tales to retell for an entire lifetime. 
These past memories threw Vivian into a trance. But she quickly snapped out of it, realizing that this conversation was a little too inappropriate. Changing the topic, she asked, “Anyway, do you know why Grandpa suddenly wanted to host a meal? It’s such short notice… I thought his birthday party would have been in preparation since a few months back.”
Fabian explained, “Great Grandpa doesn’t really like anything that’s too extravagant. Moreover, his birthday happens to be Great Grandma’s death anniversary too. Therefore, he’s usually reluctant to celebrate his birthday. We assumed that this year would be the same, which was why we didn’t prepare anything beforehand. But to our surprise, he said he wants a party all of a sudden. It threw all of us off guard.” 
This explanation clarified many things for Vivian. 
But it also ended the conversation. Vivian fell into silence, and the pair carried on with the journey in awkwardness. 
After what seemed like forever, the Norton Residence came finally in sight. They alighted at the villa’s entrance. 
However, the massager Vivian was carrying was too bulky for her figure. Due to slight carelessness, Vivian found herself losing her balance. Luckily, Fabian swiftly came to her aid and held her back from falling. 
“T-Thank you.” She muttered before pulling away from his arm wordlessly. 
But to her surprise, Fabian suddenly tightened his hold on her. 
Vivian furrowed her brows in confusion. Just when she was about to protest, a black Bentley pulled into the driveway. The two froze as the car door opened. 
From the vehicle, a wheelchair emerged. Beside it stood Ashley. 
Vivian was struck dumb. Her face paled. 
Finnick, who has been uncontactable for the whole day, is with Ashley?
The other three similarly had a look of disbelief. They never expected to meet each other in such a manner. 
The whole party stood rooted to their spots. Varying sentiments stirred amongst the four.
###Chapter 272
Chapter 272 
The situation was at a standstill. They looked at each other in silence. 
Vivian’s icy gaze did not escape Finnick. 
Meanwhile, Ashley was green with jealousy upon seeing Vivian and Fabian together. 
Why? 
Why are they together again? 
But she soon noticed a similar look of jealousy on Vivian’s face and felt a sense of accomplishment. 
Ha. 
Now you know how I feel when I see you and Fabian together. It’s your turn to suffer – let’s see how you’re going tolerate the sight of me hanging out with Finnick. Weren’t you so proud to call him your husband? Well, too bad. 
Ashley put on the most enchanting smile she could and leaned closer to Finnick. With a purposefully sweet voice, she said, “Ah Vivian, you’re here.” 
Finnick was oblivious to Ashley’s intrusion into his personal space. Instead, all of his attention was fixated on the pair before him. 
What the hell? 
Why is Vivian with her ex? And why do they look chummier than ever? How dare she! 
Finnick was livid.
“Come over,” he instructed Vivian. Fury was discernible in his tone. 
Vivian frowned and refused to budge. 
Aren’t you with Ashley too? What right do you have to be angry at me? 
Realizing that no one was paying attention to her, Ashley shot a glare at Vivian and strode to Fabian’s side. Slotting her arm into her lover’s, she said to the man, “The gift’s ready? If so, then let’s go in.” 
Fabian looked back worryingly at Vivian, but there was nothing he could do. 
The duo disappeared into the house, leaving behind Vivian and Finnick. 
“If you’re angry at me, just remember that I haven’t said anything about you being with Ashley yet.” 
“Whatever. Just swear that you’ll never be with Fabian alone again.” Finnick insisted. 
Vivian was not ready to concede. Seeing Finnick and Ashley together made her bitter enough. Worst still, of all people he could be with, it had to be Ashley – the source of her emotional torment since childhood. 
Thus, although Vivian knew she was being stubborn, she could not agree to Finnick’s request. You didn’t give me an explanation as to why you’re with Ashley either. 
“Fabian and I met along the street by sheer coincidence today. In addition, we’re colleagues, so it’s impossible for us to never meet each other. There’s absolutely nothing between us. If you can’t believe that, it’s your problem.” 
Finnick was already ticked off at how intimate Vivian and Fabian looked. Her argument only fueled his anger. 
The atmosphere was tense.
But on the account that it was the elder Mr. Norton’s birthday, Finnick decided to turn a blind eye for now. “Let’s just head in first.” 
Vivian nodded, and the two entered the villa. 
The elder Mr. Norton stood out in his red outfit. The bright hues made him look particularly sprightly. His exuberance grew upon seeing Finnick and Vivian. 
“What took you two so long? Come over here and let me take a good look at you.” 
The villa was full of life. The whole Norton family was here, filling every corner of the house. 
Finnick was regarded with esteem the moment he entered. The same could not be said for Vivian, however. Instead, she was greeted with unsolicited gossips about her and her younger sister. The news was still fresh on everyone’s minds after all. 
It did not matter whether the situation had been rectified, or that the commotion around Ashley had already ceased. Seeing the two ladies appear at the same venue was still astonishing enough for it to become a hot topic amongst the people present. 
The elder Mr. Norton turned a blind eye to the ruckus. Instead, he looked dotingly at Vivian and commented on how she looked a little frazzled. “Finnick, you ought to take better care of her.” 
The couple forced a smile. 
Mark, who had been listening to the conversation on the side, interjected with an empty laugh. “Grandpa, don’t you dislike celebrating your birthday? What’s with the special occasion this year? You seem very delighted today.” 
The elder Mr. Norton was all smiles when he replied, “Well, I’m elated that our family has many new members this year. I figured that having a party to celebrate that would be good.” After a slight pause,
he added, “Alright, I think it’s time to start the show.”
###Chapter 273
Chapter 273 
The party went on smoothly. The big and gorgeous cake dazzled many when it made its appearance. 
Everyone sang the birthday song in unison, and the elder Mr. Norton was grinning from ear to ear throughout. 
Overall, it was an happy occasion for all except for Mark. When the party settled down for a meal, he watched Finnick and Vivian with hawk eyes throughout. It was as if he was trying to read into something. 
Meanwhile, Ashley was assigned to a prominent seat at the table. She also got showered with affection from Mr. Norton, who personally fetched her food and asked if it suited her tastes. “Now that you’re pregnant, it’s important to watch your diet.” 
Ever since it was announced that Ashley was pregnant, the elder Mr. Norton’s attitude towards her improved drastically. 
After all, he was very protective of this future heir and grandchild. During the meal, Vivian’s thoughts drifted to Mark, who continued to observe them. 
It was finally clear to her why Mark targeted Finnick back then, and why Finnick had to pretend to be handicapped. Finnick’s command of authority was simply too threatening for the man. 
Now that Vivian knew Mark was the culprit, the sight of him deeply unnerved her. 
The man had an air of wickedness, yet his mind was unreadable. 
Following the meal came the time to offer presents.
Mark presented an expensive wristwatch to the elder Mr. Norton proudly. Its intricate design indicated skilled craftsmanship. 
Everyone looked on with awe, praising Mark for his generous gift. What a good son, they thought. 
But the elder Mr. Norton was barely impressed. After taking a glance, he expressed nothing more but a short word of thanks. 
Finnick presented his gift next. 
It was an elegant rosewood box with exquisite carvings – a prized artifact with hundreds of years of history. 
Finnick knew that Mr. Norton was a fan of antiques. As such, he specially procured the present through an auction overseas. It was meant to be a New Year’s gift, but the sudden birthday occasion meant the gift made it to the old man’s hands earlier than planned. 
The elder Mr. Norton was more than pleased. Admiring the gift, he beamed. “You really know the way to my heart. The price aside, the box’s elaborate design is one fit for royalty. This is a great gift.” 
The disparity in Mr. Norton’s reactions aggrieved Mark. But being the master of disguise, none of his resentment showed through externally. 
The next gift was from Fabian and Ashley. 
Brimming with joy, Mr. Norton thanked them for their efforts. “But I must say, the biggest gift you’ve given me is this little life right here. Thank you for continuing the Norton family’s bloodline.” He eagerly gestured toward Ashley’s belly. 
His words unknowingly accelerated Ashley’s heartbeat.
Overall, everyone offered lavish gifts thus far. 
Vivian could not help but feel ashamed of her own present. It was insignificantly inferior as compared to all the other gifts. 
Out of nowhere, she felt Finnick’s hand on her. She did not realize when the man had moved beside her. His palm was colder than expected. 
But she shrugged it off out of spite. 
“Vivian, I look forward to your gift. What do you have for me?” The elder Mr. Norton enquired. 
Vivian pursed her lips nervously. There was no wiggling out of this situation – she could only gather her mental fortitude and present the gift. Oh well, I’m already used to snide remarks and judgmental stares anyway. 
A wave of disbelief from the onlookers followed after the gift box was opened. 
“The great Mrs. Norton of the Finnor Group is offering such a pathetic gift?” Such was the general sentiment amongst the crowd. 
“Oh? A massager?” The elder Mr. Norton took the gift from her. 
“Y-Yes, Grandpa. I know that your body aches sometimes, so I hope this will alleviate some of your pain,” Vivian explained hesitantly. 
Her voice was soft and lacked confidence. 
After all, she genuinely admitted that her gift was far too inferior as compared to the others.
A wave of laughter echoed about the room upon her explanation. The crowd evidently concurred with her sentiments. 
Comments began to emerge. “Don’t mind me saying this, Mrs. Norton, but… A massager? Don’t you think that’s way too lowly for such a grand occasion?” 
“I mean… Considering her social standing, this sort of gift isn’t that surprising,” came another remark.
###Chapter 274
Chapter 274 
“Remember those photos from the party last time? It seems like not only is she indecent, but she also can’t act the part of Mrs. Norton properly either. What a disgrace to the family.” 
“What on earth is Mr. Norton thinking? What exactly did he see in her? And all that talk about the V.M Fund… Unbelievable.” 
The ruthless comments flooded Vivian’s ears, leaving her hot with shame. 
Never had Vivian felt so out of place until this moment. Indeed, the upper-class social circle never had a place for her. She did not even know what gift would have been appropriate for such an occasion. Vivian rationalized that she deserved to be shamed. 
Finnick, enraged by the remarks, was all ready to defend Vivian. However, the elder Mr. Norton beat him to it. 
Evidently pleased with the gift in hand, he beamed at Vivian and said, “This is the best present I’ve received thus far. In fact, it’s very much my favorite. You’re too lovely, Vivian. Please accept my sincerest gratitude.” 
The room instantly fell silent. Everyone was dumbfounded at the elder Mr. Norton’s high praise. 
Exchanging incredulous looks, the indignant crowd sneered at the elder Mr. Norton’s explicit bias toward Vivian. 
Did the old man seriously praise the gift like it’s some priceless artifact? 
Mark could not help but throw in a jibe. “Finnick, why don’t you consider sponsoring your wife a little? Look at this sad massager that probably costs just a few thousand dollars – it’s rather unbefitting for a
company president’s wife, don’t you think?” 
Finnick coolly replied, “Well, I prepared this gift with my wife. I’ve always trusted her judgement, and it has evidently been the right choice – look at how happy Grandpa is. And also, a good gift isn’t just about the value – the sincerity behind it matters too. Not sure if you can understand that though.” 
“Oh, shut up!” Mark was ready to throw hands. 
The elder Mr. Norton was not ready to deal with a fight today. “Oh come on, this reunion is so hard to come by – don’t be at each other’s throats all the time, alright? You two are already grown-ups, so don’t act the same way as you did when you were still kids. It’s embarrassing.” 
The mention of the old days hushed the brothers up immediately. 
The old man was right – the brothers were indeed at odds with each other ever since they were young. When one became ranked first in school academically, the other wanted to dethrone him. When one got into car racing, the other followed suit. 
Amidst the commotion, Ashley fumed silently to the side. The elder Mr. Norton’s liking toward Vivian was much to her chagrin. But since she was under the scrutiny of others, she kept her composure. 
Meanwhile, she relished the joy of knowing that the old man really believed that her pregnancy was real. Becoming a soon-to-be mother really granted her more tender loving care from the elder Mr. Norton. 
Amongst artful laugher and chatting, the seconds ticked away swiftly. In a blink of an eye, it was already past eight. 
The elder Mr. Norton addressed the crowd. “It’s getting late, so I suppose it’s time for everyone to return to your own rooms. It was nice seeing all of you today. I’m getting old and tend to feel lonely
occasionally, so I do love to have company around at times. Thank you for being here today.” 
With that, everyone bade farewell and returned to their individual rooms. 
Vivian was about to slip away when the old man called her back. 
“Vivian, stay and talk to me,” he said. 
Hearing the exchange, Finnick wanted to stay behind too. But his request was turned down by the elder Mr. Norton with a tease. “Tsk… You don’t feel safe leaving your wife with me?” 
“Grandpa, that’s not what I mean,” Finnick replied. 
“Ah, then perhaps I am obstructing you two from spending some alone time tonight?” 
Vivian flushed at the innuendo. “Grandpa!” 
“Vivian, let’s go to my study and ignore him.” The elder Mr. Norton then strode ahead and disappeared into the room. 
Vivian gave a reassuring look to Finnick and followed the old man. 
Finnick knew that Mr. Norton would not do anything to Vivian, but his unease could not be quelled. Not knowing what the conversation would be about unsettled him. 
Mark observed the scene at the side and smirked. 
He could sense that something was off between the two. There seemed to be a lack of affection in the way they looked at each other. Looks like a talk with Vivian tonight would be good. 
In the study, the elder Mr. Norton increased the temperature of the heater.
He then gestured for Vivian to come closer so that they could have a proper conversation. 
As the air around them warmed, the old man began the conversation. “Having your past dug out against your will, then getting framed by your sister… The past few days have truly been rough for you and Finnick.”
###Chapter 275
Chapter 275 
“I’m sorry for making you worry about me Grandpa,” muttered Vivian. 
Although the elder Mr. Norton spent most of his time at home, he still paid close attention to Mark and Finnick’s movements. Vivian felt like she had embarrassed the entire Norton family. Although it was all a misunderstanding, it had caused Mr. Norton great distress. 
Indeed, he was rather anxious about this matter. 
He said, “The fact that Finnick undertook such a high-profile exposé to expose both of your identities shows that he still loves you. However, it also caused great commotion and bad publicity for the Norton family.” 
Vivian felt extremely guilt-ridden after hearing what he said. 
Mr. Norton had no intention of blaming her but wanted to remind both her and Finnick to act appropriately in order to secure their jobs and prevent others from exploiting them. 
Then, he suddenly remembered something and exclaimed, “Why isn’t there any news from your side yet given the fact that Ashley is pregnant?” 
“I’m… Not sure,” stammered Vivian in embarrassment. 
Although they had been married for quite some time, still, Vivian had yet to conceive. 
“Sigh. If the both of you don’t put in more effort, I will have to keep waiting,” whined the elder Mr. Norton. 
He is rather endearing sometimes.
The elder Mr. Norton thought of something again and enquired secretly, “Is it because… Finnick isn’t good in bed?” 
“What?” Vivian asked in shock. 
“Well… I…” Vivian was deeply perturbed by what he said. “How can you be so foolish!” He exclaimed. 
Vivian suddenly understood what he was trying to say. She felt extremely awkward that her whole face turned bright red. 
Finnick is more than capable. She woke up with an aching back every single day from making love with Finnick. He is more than capable. 
Grandpa is too obsessed with having a grandkid. How can he ask me such a question? 
The elder Mr. Norton noticed her blushing face and gathered that she had finally understood what he meant. She is such an introvert. I shouldn’t ask so many questions. 
“Anyway, you should put in more effort. You can’t let Mark and his son get all the attention,” he stated. 
“I will work hard Grandpa,” she replied. I just have to agree with him for the time being. However, she felt like she should have been more reserved and not make such a remark. 
Mr. Norton did not think too much of it as Vivian was a polite, caring and dutiful granddaughter-in-law. 
Mr. Norton had instructed his servants to prepare many tonics for Vivian. 
“Grandpa, I don’t think I can finish all these,” she exclaimed as she looked at the huge bag of tonics. If I finished all these tonics, I think I will not survive when making love to Finnick!
Mr. Norton replied, “Bring of all this home and remember to consume them everyday!” He then instructed his servants, “Bring all of this to her room and to the car when they leave.” 
Vivian wanted to wail out loud. I can’t believe how traditional and conservative wealthy families are in terms of carrying on the family line. 
Vivian walked out of his study room and wanted to head to her room upstairs. At that moment, Mark suddenly appeared. 
“What a coincidence, Mark,” she said cautiously. 
Mark inched closer to her and whispered, “I was waiting for you.” 
“What do you mean by that?” she asked. 
“You heard it right. I’m here to see you.” He grinned. “Come to my study. I want to have a chat with you.” 
Vivian furrowed her brows. She was unwilling to follow him. However, Mark was her elder brother and she could not turn him down. As a result, she had no choice but to follow him into his study room. 
His study room was well-designed and was filled with books regarding the commercial world. His study table was well-organized and neat—not a speck of dust could be seen. Two large desktops were placed on the table. He likes surfing the Internet.
###Chapter 276
Chapter 276 
Mark was the reason why Finnick pretended to be a cripple. Finnick suspected Mark had something to do with the accident which befell him ten years ago. Hence, she was also vigilant around Mark. I wonder what he wants to talk about. 
Mark, on the other hand, was completely at ease as he offered Vivian to sit. “Have a seat. Let’s have a chat.” 
He poured himself a glass of whiskey on ice and asked, “What do you want to drink? I have coffee, red wine, whisky and fruit juice.” 
Vivian replied, “Fruit juice is fine.” 
Mark appeared warm and endearing while speaking to her in a friendly tone. If Finnick had not warned her to be careful around him, she might have been cheated by Mark’s facade. 
Mark suddenly changed the topic and asked, “Did you have a fight with Finnick today? You don’t seem to be happy around him.” 
“No, we are fine.” Vivian didn’t want to go into details about her relationship with Finnick. 
Mark glanced at her. She is very reserved around me. I guess she doesn’t really like me. 
Mark decided to change the subject again, and said, “Did you know that Finnick was very playful as a child? He used to destroy Grandpa’s furniture and Grandpa would always chase him with a stick to punish him. Finnick soon matured and did well in school. As a result, Grandpa doted on him. When he and Evelyn were kidnapped, I was extremely anxious…”
“Sorry, I need to go now,” she interrupted. I don’t want to stay here any longer. He makes me feel extremely on edge. 
I don’t want to listen to his lies as well. She was disgusted by Mark’s behavior, especially when she knew he was the mastermind behind Finnick’s kidnapping and the fact that he was blatantly lying to her now. 
Mark curved his lips into a thin smile and said, “Stop right there. We rarely get to see each other. I want to talk to you.” 
Talk? To me? 
Vivian couldn’t tell what Mark was thinking—he was like a closed book. I don’t think he just wants to have a simple chat with me. 
Mark continued, “Sigh, Finnick has always been an aloof person. I know that he only married you because Grandpa was nagging at him, which is why you don’t have a close relationship with him. Finnick must have always enraged you…” 
Vivian didn’t understand what he was hinting at. “What are you trying to say? You can give it to me straight instead of going in circles,” she stated. 
Mark was glad that she picked up on his hints. 
He admitted, “Alright, I’m glad you are a smart person to converse with.” 
Mark gulped down his glass of whiskey. She is actually rather intelligent despite her soft-spoken personality. I can’t believe she caught on so quickly.
He remarked, “Finnick isn’t serious about your relationship. All he cares about is Evelyn and he has always relied on her. I can assure you that Finnick doesn’t care about you at all. I hope you can consider what I said and think about whether you can help me with something.” 
“What do you need help with and how is it related to Finnick?” She enquired in confusion. “I don’t think I can help you much. Why don’t you just ask Finnick for assistance?” 
Mark poured himself another glass of whisky. He had great alcohol tolerance and enjoyed his hard liquors. It could stimulate his brain, make him think quicker on the spot and calm him down during tricky situations. 
Vivian had not taken a sip of her fruit juice and it remained on the table. 
He said, “As long as you work with me in defeating Finnick, I will treat you very well. I’m a generous person.” 
Vivian’s face instantly darkened. 
He hasn’t changed at all—he still wants to take revenge upon Finnick. I can’t believe he would think that I would lend him a helping hand. 
Is he crazy? Does he really hate Finnick so much? Finnick is also a member of the Norton family. Mark is somewhat alike to Ashley in this respect.
###Chapter 277
Chapter 277 
Seeing as Vivian remained silent, Mark spoke again, “So what do you think? Money is the most important thing to a woman.” 
Vivian was disgusted by the fact that Mark wanted to defeat Finnick. He is like a poisonous snake. She intentionally asked, “How do you plan to take revenge on Finnick?” 
“There are many ways to do so. We do not need to rush to think of a solution.” He figured Vivian was willing to cooperate with him by asking the question. “So, I’m assuming that you are willing to cooperate with me?” 
Work with you? What kind of person did he think I am? 
Vivian suddenly felt like guffawing loudly. 
“I would never work with you,” she retorted coldly. “Let me give you a piece of advice—stop trying to exact revenge on Finnick. You guys are family.” 
“A family?” he scoffed. “Our family is not a tight-knit one. All of us have our own motives and plans. If you are willing to work for me, I promise you that I will let you and your mother live a lavish life.” 
“I don’t need your help. I will not betray my husband nor my love for him just for money. You should extinguish any ideas you have,” she asserted. 
Mark’s face instantly turned icy. 
I can’t believe Vivian is such a piece of work.
He added, “Stop being so stubborn. Finnick is a piece of trash. He will never trump my abilities. What do you think will happen to you and your mother then?” 
Vivian knew he was lying about Finnick. He wouldn’t be bragging if he knew how muscular and fit Finnick was. 
Vivian taunted, “You shouldn’t be so arrogant.” 
“Looks like you are not going to work for me then. Are you really ready to give up such a promising reward?” he asked. Did she think that I’m offering too little of a reward? 
Vivian lost her last shred of patience. 
“Mark, I’m done talking to you,” she informed him. She then stood up and said, “I’m going to take a rest now. Goodbye.” 
As soon as she finished her statement, she left the room. 
Mark gazed at her retreating figure with an indifferent look on his face. He laughed coldly and commented, “I can’t believe how troublesome she is. She is persistent and very different from Evelyn…” 
… 
Finnick was alone in the room, waiting for Vivian. A million thoughts were running through his head. 
He recalled her furious expression and realized that she was displeased with him. 
Indeed, it was natural that she would be crossed with him as he was absent for the whole night. 
Unfortunately, he was not good with putting his feelings into thoughts. Hence, he didn’t know how to coax Vivian.
After mulling over this, he decided to phone Xavier. 
Xavier was in the midst of an intimate affair when he picked up his phone. He asked, “It’s so late. Why are you calling me and not cuddling Vivian?” 
“I need your advice on something,” he said. 
Xavier choked on his beer and end up coughing when he heard what Finnick said. 
Finnick moved the phone away from his ears as if Xavier had spluttered beer all over his face. 
Xavier started chortling and commented, “Oh my! Don’t scare me! When did you ever need my advice? Are you crazy? This is the most hilarious thing I’ve heard all day.” 
If Xavier were standing in front of him, Finnick would have given him a good beating. 
“Enough!” exclaimed Finnick. 
“Ok, fine. What do you want?” enquired Xavier. 
“I found the person who saved my life. It’s Vivian’s younger sister,” Finnick replied. 
“Ashley? Are you referring to the one who manipulated Vivian ruthlessly? She is now a popular social media influencer,” he commented in disbelief. 
“Yes. I couldn’t believe it initially as well,” Finnick replied. 
Xavier felt that Finnick’s tone was abnormal. He questioned, “Why are you unhappy if you found her? Did she threaten you or did she force you to marry her?”
Finnick recounted everything that had happened to Xavier, including the fact that Vivian was angry with him. 
Xavier finally understood why Finnick came to him for advice and why he was so miserable. It’s all because of Vivian.
###Chapter 278
Chapter 278 
“So that’s what happened,” Xavier mused. “I can’t believe you spent the whole day with Ashley after what she did to Vivian. No wonder Vivian is annoyed with you. If I were Vivian, I would have given you two tight slaps and given Ashley a good beating.” 
Finnick threatened, “Do you want me to shut down your factory?” 
“Alright, stop making false threats. I’m the one in the wrong,” he begged. “Mr. President is always right. I’m not criticizing you but I’m just standing up for Vivian.” 
Finnick sighed and lamented, “I don’t like Ashley as well. However, she saved my life and I promised her that I would repay her favor.” 
“Well, you are in a very tricky situation,” Xavier quipped. “I think you should have a nice talk with Vivian to prevent any further misunderstanding. Women can be easily coaxed. That’s my solution.” 
“How do you coax women?” he queried. 
This is probably the first time Finnick had to coax a women. He had never done so before. 
“How to coax a woman?” Xavier chuckled. “You have to be romantic. Every woman loves that. They are very emotional. You should prepare a bouquet of flowers, perfume or jewelry… I’m sure she would love that. Do I still need to teach you all of this?” 
“But Vivian doesn’t like any of those,” Finnick muttered. 
Finnick is right. Vivian was different from the type of women Xavier dated. Such cliché items will not move her.
“Then think about it yourself,” Xavier replied and let out a loud yawn. “Anyway, no woman can resist romantic gestures. It’s just that Vivian likes a different type of romantic things. I’ve never met someone like her, so I can’t help you. Maybe you can try searching it up on the Internet?” 
Finnick was irritated and the veins in his forehead were bulging. 
Xavier felt Finnick’s annoyance and immediately continued, “Well… I’m very busy right now. Just try searching it up on the Internet. I have to go!” 
With that, Xavier’s phone line went dead. 
Finnick hesitated for a moment but decided to take up his advice. 
He typed in the search box: How to give your girlfriend a romantic surprise? 
A bunch of unique search suggestions popped out. 
A webpage wrote that romance could only be achieved through sincere gestures. There was no need for inventive ideas, a once-in-a-lifetime scenery or luxurious gifts. If both parties were deeply in love, anything would be romantic. Even a kiss on the lips could be extremely passionate. 
Method 1—Combine your past and present. Travel to the places you visited together and write down such memories. 
Method 2—Wake her up with a lovely home-cooked breakfast and tell her you love her when she wakes up from her sleep. 
Method 3—Take a short video of yourself everyday or multiple videos expressing your love for her! 
The suggestions he found were so corny that he couldn’t continue reading them. A layer of goosebumps had even formed on his arms.
After browsing the Internet for a long while, he finally found the perfect solution. 
Hmm, I think she will be able to accept this. 
When Vivian entered the room, Finnick was talking to someone on the phone. However, when he saw her, he immediately hung up his phone. 
He must be helping the Miller family and doesn’t want me to find out. I think that’s the reason why he hung up his phone so hurriedly. 
She had wanted to inform Finnick what Mark had just told her. However, when she realized that Finnick was hiding things behind her back, her heart immediately sank and she didn’t feel like talking to him. 
Vivian sat on the sofa and started reading a magazine. 
Finnick asked, “Why were you gone for so long? What did Grandpa say to you?” 
“Nothing much. He just wants us to…” she trailed off. Vivian suddenly felt awkward in front of him and she wasn’t in the mood to speak to him anymore.
###Chapter 279
Chapter 279 
At the sight of Vivian’s hesitation, Finnick could tell that she must have misunderstood him and chose to give him the cold shoulder. 
If this went on unresolved, Vivian’s anger would boil over sooner or later. 
“Vivian, I—” Finnick wanted to explain everything to Vivian, but the moment he opened his mouth, he realized he couldn’t exactly tell her everything now. It was still a secret, after all. He couldn’t just ruin the surprise. 
He was forced to change the subject. “I was just settling some company stuff.” 
After he finished his sentence, the two of them fell into an uncomfortable silence. 
The air simmered with reproach. 
Vivian started flipping the pages of a magazine, but it felt like she was reading a foreign language. 
Deep down, she firmly believed that Finnick was calling to help Ashley and the Miller family. He had once promised to protect her and always stand up for her. What is this all about, then? How could he break his promise? 
Finnick was thinking of telling Vivian about how Ashley had saved him when they were younger. After all, the misunderstanding was caused by a lack of communication. 
Besides that, he also wanted to apologize to Vivian. He had to admit that it was unfair to her. 
Finnick coughed lightly, breaking the stiff silence. “Vivian, to be honest, I actually have been busy with the Miller family’s matters for the few days.”
“I know. You don’t have to explain anything to me.” Suddenly, Vivian no longer felt like listening to him. The moment she heard ‘the Miller family,’ she became nauseous. 
She could already imagine how pleased Ashley looked. When they met at the door just now, she had already spotted Ashley’s arrogant expression. 
“Vivian, you don’t get it.” Finnick started panicking at Vivian’s indifference. “Actually, Ashley—” 
Abruptly, Vivian put her magazine down and stood up. “Sorry, I have to use the bathroom.” 
At this point, Finnick felt like giving up. He hadn’t expected Vivian to hate Ashley so much. Why can’t she just let me explain? 
It was already bad enough without Vivian knowing that Ashley was the mastermind behind everything that happened two years ago. If she knew about it, she’d definitely hate Ashley even more. 
Vivian locked herself in the bathroom, her eyes stinging with tears. 
She felt that Finnick would never understand her point of view. 
“Vivian,” Finnick called in a low voice. “Please hear me out. There’s a reason why I treated Ashley that way.” 
A reason? 
What could the reason possibly be? It’ll just be a bunch of excuses. 
Vivian chuckled bitterly. 
He had simply let Ashley walk and even gotten back the money that the Miller family had lost. Those were the facts.
If he really cared for Vivian and wanted to protect her, how could he let Ashley and the Miller family go without teaching them a lesson? What if they came back and caused more trouble? 
She was still hurt by what happened two years ago. Did he want to let her go through the same thing again? 
When she thought of that, her heart immediately filled up with resentment. 
She wasn’t a vengeful person, but she could no longer forgive everything Ashley had done to her. The latter had almost ruined her entire life. 
How could Finnick, who always talked about how he would help her gain justice, help the culprit who caused her problems? 
It was bad enough that Finnick had let Ashley go, but now he was also clearly concerned about her and even helped her. 
Vivian felt sadder the more she thought about it. 
“Vivian, please just open the door. We need to talk.” Finnick’s low voice piped up once again, this time laced with a sense of urgency. 
Vivian bit her lip. 
She knew that this wasn’t the right way to deal with the issue. Right as she was thinking of opening the door, she heard knocks coming from outside. 
Knock, knock, knock. 
Someone was outside the room.
That person called, “Mr. Norton, please open the door. This is the butler.” 
Finnick’s expression darkened, and he opened the door unhappily. 
The butler looked inside but failed to see Vivian. With a smile, he said, “Mr. Norton, there are a lot of people outside who’re here to celebrate elder Mr. Norton’s birthday, so he wants you and Mrs. Norton to come downstairs.” 
“Okay, I got it. We’ll be down in a second,” Finnick replied. 
Vivian opened the door upon hearing the butler’s words and kept her head down, unwilling to look Finnick in the eye. 
“Vivian—” Finnick said as he reached out to grip her arm a little bit too tightly.
###Chapter 280
Chapter 280 
Vivian’s eyes were reddened and her tone had already softened, but she still wouldn’t meet Finnick’s gaze. “Let’s go downstairs. We shouldn’t keep Grandpa and the others waiting.” 
Finnick felt bad seeing Vivian’s sorrow written all over her face. 
Still, it wasn’t the time to talk about such things. They had to go downstairs since everyone was waiting for them. 
Once they got downstairs, Vivian noticed the sheer number of guests. 
News of elder Mr. Norton’s birthday celebration had gotten out, and plenty of people had arrived to give their blessings. 
Everyone who was anyone in Sunshine City had made an appearance, much to Vivian’s surprise. 
The crowd was full of smiles as they exchanged glasses of wine and chatted with each other. 
The Norton Residence, which had always been rather quiet, was bustling with life after the arrival of these guests. 
Vivian wasn’t that used to such a lively atmosphere. Having to constantly put on a bright smile despite her bitter mood drained her immensely. 
As she watched Ashley chat happily with other guests, she felt even worse. 
Occasionally, Ashley would glance at Vivian with eyes full of mockery and self-satisfaction. 
However, Finnick’s gaze never left Vivian. Even while he was in a conversation with someone else, his eyes were still fixated on Vivian.
He noticed how every single one of her expressions was laced with exhaustion and boredom. 
Then, Finnick wheeled himself toward Vivian and asked her in a low voice, “Vivian, do you not like it here?” 
Vivian nodded. “Can I head home first? I’m not used to being here.” 
Finnick’s eyes lit up as he thought about the phone call he just received whereby he was informed that everything was ready. “Okay, we can go. I want to take you somewhere.” 
Take me somewhere? 
Vivian recalled all the places Finnick had ever brought her to. If it wasn’t an auction, then it was a cold storage facility. Neither was that fun of a place. 
“Let me go this once. Come on. Can I just go home for now—” 
“Nope.” Finnick cut Vivian off. 
What a bossy guy! 
Still, Vivian liked the idea of staying here with all these phonies even less, so she ended up agreeing to Finnick’s idea. 
With that, Finnick told his grandpa that he had some business to carry out? 
Before they left, elder Mr. Norton whispered to Finnick, “Good call! Make good use of this opportunity, alright? I can’t wait to see my great-grandchildren! Go ahead. You don’t have any reason to stick around anyway.” 
After Finnick got his grandpa’s approval, he and Vivian left the party.
There wasn’t much conversation going on in the car, only casual talk but nothing practical. 
While the car sped on steadily, the passersby slowly lessened. 
Then, Finnick said, “We’re here. Let’s go.” 
As the sky slowly darkened, the streets began to come alive with bright neon lights. The city was lit up brightly as if it were telling its own story. The autumn night sky was still bright enough for them to spot fluffy white clouds against a cerulean background. 
The moment Vivian got out of the car, she was taken aback. 
Why did Finnick bring me here? 
They were in front of a theme park. 
The lights were still on, but the park was completely devoid of tourists. It seemed as if only the two of them were there at this hour. 
Shouldn’t all theme parks be closed by now? 
Vivian looked at Finnick in confusion, waiting for him to explain. 
Finnick looked at her with dreamy eyes. “I’ve booked the whole place. It’s just the two of us now. Let’s go in.” 
Booked the whole place? Vivian didn’t understand why Finnick had to fork out so much money for this. 
Is he trying to share his childhood memories with me or something? Vivian mused randomly. 
Leading the way in his wheelchair, Finnick brought her to the largest Ferris wheel in Sunshine City.
The Ferris wheel looked exceptionally gorgeous amidst the dark night sky. It glowed with a mystical, otherworldly halo. 
The flashing lights blinked on and off, sending irregular waves of light over Finnick and Vivian’s faces. They looked at each other, suddenly feeling a sense of calmness washing over them. 
Vivian recalled the first time she met Finnick. 
He was still in a wheelchair then, but when their eyes met, Vivian felt as if he were the one looking down at her.
###Chapter 281
Chapter 281 
Vivian’s heart trembled faintly. 
She worked in the news industry, so it wasn’t uncommon for her to meet all sorts of big shots and celebrities. Despite that, she had never felt an aura as overbearing as his. 
Apart from that, his gaze was frigid, as if he didn’t care about anything that was happening around him. 
Jerking herself out of her little walk down memory lane, Vivian looked at Finnick in adoration with a faint smile. 
Finnick asked, “Do you like it?” 
Vivian nodded and said in awe, “I love it. I haven’t been here in so long. The last time I came here, I was still young and living with the Millers. But I wasn’t that happy.” 
She had mentioned how last time when she came to the theme park, Emma only let her tag along as Ashley’s little sidekick and didn’t let her play on the rides. That was why she didn’t have fond childhood memories of theme parks. 
Finnick pushed his wheelchair toward the Ferris wheel and said, “Let’s go on the Ferris wheel.” 
Go on the Ferris wheel? Vivian was surprised. Was he still the cold-hearted and straightforward Finnick she knew? After all, this was the kind of thing that only young couples would get up to. 
Finnick turned back and looked at Vivian, who was still in a daze, and asked, “What’s wrong?” 
“I just think this is kind of unlike you,” Vivian couldn’t help saying. 
Finnick started to blush and lowered his head. “You can laugh if you want to.”
Vivian suddenly burst into laughter. 
Finnick coughed lightly in an attempt to mask his embarrassment. 
How humiliating. If it weren’t for the sake of making Vivian happy, he would never have done something so out of habit. 
Vivian stepped forward and stared at Finnick. “Have you been overworking yourself these days? Maybe you ate something that went bad? How did someone like you come up with something as romantic as going on a Ferris wheel together? You’re scaring me.” 
It could have been the atmosphere of the theme park or Vivian’s words, but Finnick was no longer as standoffish as before, and his face slowly reddened. 
Looking at Vivian, he asked quietly, “Don’t all girls like sitting on Ferris wheels? Isn’t it romantic?” 
Vivian let out a sigh before she said, “Still, it’s late now, which means no crowd and no cotton candy.” 
“Why? Do you want cotton candy?” Finnick’s mood lightened as well when Vivian began to cheer up. 
Immediately, he took out his phone. 
“What are you doing?” 
“Calling someone who sells cotton candy so that they can come here and make us some. I’ll ask them to come over right now.” 
Vivian quickly stopped Finnick from making the call, a smile finally blossoming on her face. 
Hurriedly, she said, “I was just kidding. I don’t actually want any, so don’t make the call, okay? By now, anyone who sells cotton candy has probably already gotten off work. I can’t bear the thought of them still having to work so late, so it’s okay.”
“Okay, I won’t call anyone then.” 
Vivian was always so considerate. 
One of the workers, who was in charge of the Ferris wheel, walked over and told Finnick, “Mr. Norton, we’ve prepared everything for you. We can start whenever you’re ready.” 
Vivian knew that the Ferris wheel should have been closed by now. Clearly, Finnick had specially asked some workers to help them operate the Ferris wheel since they treated him with such respect. 
After the two of them got on the Ferris wheel, Finnick held onto Vivian’s hands. “I know you’ve been in a bad mood for the past few days and you’re mad at me. But can you try to hear me out for now?” 
Vivian met Finnick’s gaze, which was much softer than usual and even contained a hint of desperation. It managed to soften her heart. 
“Finnick, you don’t have to explain anymore. I still don’t understand why you’re so nice to Ashley, and I know you must have your own reasons. But I just… Well, I felt jealous. After all, you didn’t come back the whole night,” Vivian said truthfully. 
“You got jealous?” Finnick’s eyes lit up. Clearly, he had his heart in the wrong place. 
Finnick hadn’t imagined that Vivian would get jealous because of himself and Ashley. 
Does that mean she’s slowly starting to care more about me? 
As he watched the woman in front of him blushing, Finnick could feel the ice on his heart start to thaw. He held her chin gently and kissed her.
###Chapter 282
Chapter 282 
The two of them kissed for quite a while before parting. All their previous troubles had already been kissed away by then. 
Now Finnick felt like it was the right time to explain himself to Vivian. 
Finnick let go of Vivian unwillingly and said in a low voice, “You remember the story I told you about how a little girl once saved my life when I was younger, right?” 
“Yeah. You even showed me pictures.” Vivian didn’t know why he was suddenly bringing it up. 
“That little girl was Ashley Miller.” 
“What?” 
Vivian widened her eyes in disbelief. 
That’s a really huge coincidence! 
“How could it be Ashley? Did you guys check properly?” Vivian still couldn’t believe her ears. 
It wasn’t that she didn’t want to believe it, but after knowing Ashley for many years, she couldn’t understand how Ashley could be kind enough to help a stranger. 
Finnick said, “It should be. Based on the picture and the limited edition buyers’ name list, Ashley is the most likely candidate. Her age also lines up with the timing.” 
Vivian remembered the picture Finnick showed her. There was a little girl in the picture with a limited edition Disney princess dress that Ashley also happened to own. At the time, she thought it was merely a coincidence. Who would have known that it was really Ashley?
Finnick said guiltily, “I know Ashley did a lot of nasty things to you, but she did save my life, so I had to repay the favor.” 
Vivian finally realized that Finnick’s strange attitude toward Ashley the last few days was simply him trying to repay the debt and not out of kindness or pity. 
Finnick still loved her. 
“Finnick, I get it.” After a while, she finally spoke. “If I were in your position, I’d have done the same thing.” 
Finnick’s slightly furrowed brows finally relaxed at that. 
Suddenly, Vivian thought of something and frowned. “Still, you should have called me at least once. I was so worried that you got into some kind of trouble. How could you just leave me at home alone?” 
Vivian was complaining, but under the glow of the gentle lights amongst the dark sky, her pretty face made her words sound almost coquettish. Finnick’s heart skipped a beat at the sight. 
At the very next second, Vivian was pulled into a tight embrace. Her unspoken words got swallowed up by the kiss that they shared. 
As the Ferris wheel slowly got higher, the atmosphere in the booth started to heat up. 
Finnick pulled Vivian onto his lap. His eyes were sparkling like stars as he looked at her in adoration. In a low voice, he said, “Next time you’re angry or upset, please just tell me. Don’t keep it to yourself, okay?” 
Vivian felt her face warm up, and her heart started beating uncontrollably fast. She wanted to move away but couldn’t as she was trapped in his arms. Before she got the chance to open her mouth, Finnick’s warm lips met hers once again.
She only managed to leave his embrace after a long time, feeling as if she had gotten drunk on his kisses alone. 
Finnick moved closer to Vivian’s ear and whispered softly, letting his warm breath brush against her skin. 
“Don’t worry, Vivian. I won’t let Ashley bully you.” 
Vivian leaned her head against Finnick’s broad shoulders and stayed quiet. 
At that moment, she knew she didn’t need to say much. 
She just knew that anyone who could understand her this well was deserving of her respect, so she did not need to pay attention to those who didn’t. 
It was enough that he was so considerate of her without her needing to say anything. 
Vivian said in a low voice, “Finnick, you did the right thing. You have to thank the one who saved your life after all. If it weren’t for Ashley saving you, we wouldn’t have met.” 
Upon hearing that, Finnick didn’t say anything. He simply pulled her into another embrace as the two of them looked out at the shimmering lights of Sunshine City. 
The hundreds of lights all over the buildings made it seem as though the buildings had dressed up in expensive jewelry and precious gems. Lined with lamp posts and bright neon signs, the streets shone brighter than the Milky Way. The cars drove ceaselessly on the roads, resembling red and yellow lanterns passing back and forth on dark strips of asphalt. 
When the Ferris wheel reached its highest point, Finnick suddenly brought Vivian to the window.
Vivian didn’t understand and looked at him in suspicion. Then, she heard Finnick mutter, “I have something for you.” 
Vivian hadn’t gotten the chance to react when she spotted a series of lights suddenly glowing outside the window.
###Chapter 283
Chapter 283 
In an instant, the dark night sky lit up with a splash of color. 
At the same time, all of the lights in the theme park came on, and the letter ‘V’ appeared on the LED screen, painting their faces in red. 
Whoosh! Bang! 
Right then, fireworks went off in the distance that seemed to shake the night sky, stopping faraway passersby in their tracks as they watched in awe. 
The colorful flames lit up the starry sky and burnt dazzlingly to the very last second until it finally fizzled out. 
After that, another one took its place. The fireworks went off again and again, resembling both bright supernovas and fluttering fireflies. 
Vivian was completely stunned. 
Never had she imagined that this would be the gift Finnick was speaking of. She was so happy that she didn’t know what to say and simply clapped her hands in glee like a child who had gotten her favorite sweets. 
Finnick lowered his head and looked at Vivian. His mouth, which usually rested in a nondescript line, was now raised in a gentle smile. 
The whole theme park was open just for Vivian. Finnick was willing to spend thousands, even millions on Vivian as long as it made her happy, no questions asked.
The woman’s emotions had already become a significant part of his life and affected him every day. As they spent their days together, he started to change too. 
Finnick looked at Vivian’s reddened face and asked, “Vivian, do you like it?” 
“I do! I love it, Finnick!” Vivian exclaimed, looking at Finnick with shining eyes. 
She had severely underestimated Finnick. I didn’t know he could be this romantic. 
She asked, “Did you really come up with all this on your own?” 
“It took me forever to plan out everything.” 
“I love it. Thank you so much, Finnick.” Vivian was getting choked up. Her eyes started to glint with tears. 
It was already hard enough for him to book the whole theme park on his own. She hadn’t imagined that he could come up with even more things to shock her with. From displaying his love for her on the LED screen and a whole firework show, what other tricks did he have up his sleeve? 
Finnick thought, Looks like the Internet is much more reliable than a Casanova like Xavier. 
It turns out that women really do need to be coddled. Well, that’s one thing Xavier got right. 
“Yes,” Finnick said seriously. “I just want you to be happy.” 
From her own reflection in Finnick’s eyes, she could feel his sincerity and love for her. Finnick was a proud man, but he did so much just to make her happy. 
What else could she ask for?
Their love was illuminated by the bright glow of the theme park and the sparks of the fireworks. Even if they had to separate temporarily someday, they would never truly leave each other. Fate and love had intertwined like a padlock in both of their hearts, filling them with longing for one another. 
Finnick remained in his wheelchair and Vivian sat on the Ferris wheel seat as both of them watched the fireworks go off outside. 
After the glorious firework show, Vivian finally came to the realization that this really wasn’t Finnick’s style at all. Was there someone else giving him ideas? People could change overnight, but that didn’t seem like something that would happen to Finnick. 
Vivian couldn’t contain her curiosity. “Finnick, how did you know I like riding Ferris wheels and looking at fireworks? This isn’t like you.” 
Finnick didn’t expect Vivian to ask him that and fell into an awkward silence, suddenly at a loss for words. 
He couldn’t just tell her that it was an idea from an online friend. That would be way too lame of him. 
“What? Am I not allowed to be romantic once in a while?” he asked in a deep voice. 
Vivian laughed and said, “Yes, of course you are.” 
Finnick chuckled and didn’t say anything else. 
Vivian smiled as well. She was about to speak when she suddenly sneezed. 
Finnick’s sharp eyebrows furrowed. 
“Are you getting a cold?” He stood up and walked to Vivian.
“I’m fine.” Vivian rubbed her nose. “It was just a little windy last night.” 
Finnick looked at Vivian, who was still in the dress she’d worn for the party. Although she looked gorgeous, the fabric was thin, and there was no way she was warm enough. He frowned and took off his own jacket to lay it over her shoulders. 
Vivian felt a trace of Finnick’s own body warmth on the jacket, and it reached all the way to her heart. 
Her hands were cold too, so she stuffed them into the pockets. Then, she accidentally brushed against Finnick’s phone.
###Chapter 284
Chapter 284 
She was surprised and glanced briefly at the screen that lit up in the dark. 
Unexpectedly, the app that lit up his phone just happened to be Reddit. 
The question that Finnick had searched was: How do you give your girlfriend a romantic surprise? 
The top answer of the thread that had come up was the Ferris wheel and fireworks idea. 
Vivian started laughing out loud. 
So it was an Internet suggestion! No wonder it didn’t seem like his usual style. 
That was why he had been dodging the question. He didn’t want her to know he found the answer on the internet. How cute. 
Finnick, who had spotted Vivian holding his phone, immediately looked sheepish as he snatched the phone quickly. “That’s just a coincidence.” 
Vivian started laughing even more at the faint blush that had appeared on Finnick’s face. 
“Thank you, Finnick,” she said in a low voice, reaching out to hug him. 
At the same time, the Ferris wheel slowly reached the bottom again. 
Finnick returned to his wheelchair. As the door opened, Vivian pushed him out. 
Once they stepped outside, Vivian caught sight of a staff member holding out something pink and fluffy. 
“What—” Vivian said in surprise.
With an awkward expression, Finnick said quietly, “It’s cotton candy. I noticed that you have a sweet tooth, so…” 
Vivian finally returned to her senses. 
On the Reddit page, there had been another answer from the best replier in the same thread that said: If your girlfriend likes sweet things, then buy her some cotton candy too. That’s gonna get you a 10/10! 
Even though it was just a simple stick of cotton candy, Vivian felt her eyes start to well up. 
He is so attentive! 
No wonder she had started smelling a sugary scent in the Ferris wheel. He knew she liked it, so he specially got someone to make it and bring it over. He really did care about her. 
Tears finally broke from Vivian’s eyes like a string of broken pearls. This was the first time she had received such an ‘extravagant’ gift. 
When she was still a kid, Harvey had bought Ashley and Vivian a stick of cotton candy each at the theme park. It was also pink, the color of princesses. 
That was the first time Harvey had bought food for Vivian, so she treasured it with all her heart. However, Ashley was jealous and knocked Vivian’s cotton candy to the ground while Harvey wasn’t looking. 
After the cotton candy fell on the dirty floor, Ashley started stepping on it with her shoes, causing the pink cotton candy to turn grey with dirt. 
That saddened Vivian deeply. However, Harvey, who didn’t know what had actually happened, scolded her and never bought anything for her again.
Thinking about her past always made Vivian’s heart wrench in pain. But now, she had Finnick taking care of her, and she was contented with that. 
Vivian bent down and hugged Finnick tightly. 
She told him, “Finnick, you are the definition of romance for me. You’re all I need.” 
… 
Finnick and Vivian finally made up in this romantic atmosphere. 
According to elder Mr. Norton’s wishes, the two of them would have to spend a night at the Norton family mansion. 
By the time they returned to the mansion, the guests had all left. The mansion was back to its usual silence. 
By then, elder Mr. Norton, who was exhausted after the party, was already asleep. 
Finnick and Vivian went back to their room and fell asleep as well. 
While everything was going smoothly for Finnick and Vivian, the scene in another room at the Norton family mansion was an entirely different story. 
At that moment, Ashley was sitting in Mark’s study. 
Mark’s personal assistant had already returned to his room before Ashley walked into Mark’s study. 
Mark was sick of the two sisters. One of them was here at his father’s request while the other came to him of her own accord. What sort of tricks were they trying to play?
Ashley, of course, had her reasons for showing up. Otherwise, it wouldn’t be very appropriate for a man and his daughter-in-law to chat like this so late at night. 
Mark looked at his future daughter-in-law and asked, “It’s already late. What do you want? Where’s Fabian?” 
Fabian lost interest in socializing when he saw Vivian and Finnick disappear from the party, so he had already retired to his room with his phone a long time ago.
###Chapter 285
Chapter 285 
Ashley replied, “I think he’s most probably asleep by now.” 
Although Ashley was Mark’s future daughter-in-law, he had always disliked her because of her family background. 
As new money, the Miller family was incomparable to old money like the Norton family. However, Mark had a high tolerance for her because she was pregnant with the offspring of the Norton family. 
“Then what brings you here?” Mark asked. 
Ashley took a deep breath before she cut to the chase. “Mr. Norton, Finnick has always been an obstacle to us. You might need some help if you wish to get rid of him.” 
Mark turned around to look at her. Obstacle? 
Since it was not his style to beat around the bush, he asked directly, “You’re talking about Finnick?” 
Ashley nodded. 
Mark raised his brow. Hmm… Maybe she heard about it from Fabian… But wait a sec! Fabian is not someone with a loose lip. So she figured it out by herself? This young lady is surely a sharp one with a scheming mind. But what is she up to? 
He remained silent while his mind was racing. Ashley could take the silence no more, so she spoke up, “Mr. Norton, I believe I can help you to get rid of Finnick.” 
“Help me?” Mark let out a chuckle, taking her words as a joke. “The Miller family is in trouble, so how could you afford me any help? I suggest you do nothing but rest well and take good care of your baby.
As you can see, Grandpa is looking forward to a newborn.” 
Mark had always paid close attention to Finnick, so he knew about him targeting the Miller family. However, it seemed like he was not well-informed enough since he didn’t know that Finnick had now become indebted to Ashley. 
One thing for sure was that Ashley had always tried to suck up to Fabian. Now that she was pregnant, unlike her insensible sister, she seemed to have truly regarded herself as a part of the Norton family and was willing to take Mark, her future father-in-law’s side. 
Ashley gave an indifferent shrug as she tried to convince Mark. “Mr. Norton, although the Miller family still needs some time to recover from the bankruptcy crisis, I can still help you get rid of Vivian and Finnick on my own. After all, they are our common enemy!” 
Mark thought she was shooting her mouth off, but he suppressed his impatience and asked, “How are you going to help me? To Finnick, you are a thorn in his flesh. If he could, he would kill you at all cost to avenge his wife. What could you do for me?” 
Ashley curled her lips into a faint smile before saying in a low voice, “Mr. Norton, do you know that for all these years, Finnick has been looking for a little girl who saved him ten years ago?” 
Of course, Mark knew about it. With his brows knitted, he asked, “But what does this have to do with you?” 
A confident smile appeared on Ashley’s face. “I am the little girl whom he is looking for.” 
Mark’s expression lightened up at this revelation. He had always known of the little girl’s existence and how important she was to Finnick, but he had never expected Ashley to be that little girl. 
In an instant, Mark understood why Ashley had the confidence to say that she could be of help to him.
This must be the exact reason why the Miller Group managed to get through the unprecedented crisis overnight! 
Finnick is no longer targeting Ashley and the Miller family, but I bet he never expected that the person whom he regards as his savior would scheme against him. 
It seems like this time, Finnick has shot himself in the foot! 
However, Mark was still doubtful. “You said you want to help me get rid of Finnick? But I believe Finnick will no longer taking revenge on you. Moreover, he will also treat you well since he is indebted to you. So why are you turning against him?” 
Ashley sneered. Indebted to me? Just because Finnick wants to return my favor doesn’t mean I have to accept it. 
She hated both Finnick and Vivian to the core. 
Hatred was eating her up as she uttered in a vicious tone, “That’s what he owes me! My mom is suffering because he sent her to a shabby country, and she can’t even come back. Besides that, he has also caused the Miller Group to suffer millions in losses. I will definitely get back at him for what he has done! I hate Vivian William, and I want all of them to suffer!”
###Chapter 286
Chapter 286 
Mark snickered. “Ashley, the main reason you hate Vivian is that Fabian still loves her, am I right?” 
No one can hide anything from this cunning man. 
“That’s right,” she admitted, “I am willing to do anything to make Vivian suffer!” 
Mark was rather surprised at the turn of events. Initially, he thought it would not be an easy feat to get rid of Finnick when Vivian turned him down. However, now that Ashley volunteered to work with him, he would be able to turn the tide. 
“Do you have any plans?” he asked. “As we all know, Finnick is a tough nut to crack.” 
Ashley flashed an evil smile and revealed her plans, “Finnick is indeed a tough nut, but Vivian is rather gullible. Don’t you think so?” 
“Oh?” Mark narrowed his eyes. Despite being a ruthless man, Finnick had a soft spot for Vivian. 
He had to admit that Ashley was right; Vivian was indeed the only chink in Finnick’s armor. Since Vivian was unwilling to work with him, he had no choice but to destroy her alongside her husband. 
“So, what’s your exact plan?” he asked. 
Ashley replied with another question, “Mr. Norton, what do you think is the most important thing to Vivian and Finnick?” 
Mark’s curiosity was piqued, so he signaled Ashley to go on. 
Seeing that Mark was starting to trust her, Ashley immediately revealed her scheme in detail.
His eyes lit up after hearing Ashley’s plan. 
He must admit that sometimes men and women do think differently. Unlike him, who thought from a business perspective, Ashley had approached the matter in a totally different way. 
Although her plan seemed somewhat underhand and low-down to him, he had to give it credit as it could definitely hit Finnick and Vivian where they hurt. It would avail him in turning the tables if her plan could really work out. 
Ashley’s plan is surely a nasty one… But isn’t it a little too risky? Mark remained silent as he was still hesitant about her plan. 
Being observant as always, Ashlyn was quick to notice Mark’s hesitation. She reassured him, “Mr. Norton, don’t tell me that you are getting cold feet! Don’t worry because I have it all planned out! Believe me. We will throw them off balance!” 
Mark started to see Ashlyn in a new light. He gave her words some thought and finally nodded assent. “Your plan is not bad. Finnick will lose his most prized possession, and Vivian will no longer pose a threat to us. By that time, I would have achieved my goals while you could take your revenge on Vivian. Huh! We can kill two birds with one stone!” 
“Does that mean you agree to work with me?” Ashley’s eyes glinted with excitement. 
With an unfathomable expression, he flashed a subtle smile and assured her, “Of course. I will lend you a helping hand in carrying out your plan.” 
Feeling pleased, Ashley rose to her feet and reminded Mark, “Mr. Norton, could you promise me that you won’t let Fabian in on our plan?”
“Of course, you have my word! Fabian is too soft-hearted, so it’s better to keep it from him,” Mark gave his promise without hesitation. 
Ashlyn was satisfied that she had Mark’s word, but she regretted that she took so long to come to him, or else she could have long gotten rid of Vivian. 
I shouldn’t waste so much time… There’s many a slip twixt cup and lip… 
When she was back in the bedroom, the light was still brightly lit, but Fabian was already fast asleep with his handphone being cast aside. 
She fixed her gaze on Fabian’s sleeping face with eyes that were filled with fervent love. Fabian, I’m doing all this for you. I will let you see Vivian’s true colors so that you could get over her! Don’t blame me for being too cruel because everything I do is for love. 
Meanwhile, Mark’s personal assistant entered the study after Ashley had left. “Mr. Norton, do you think Ashley’s plan will work?” 
Mark let out a chuckle before saying, “It might not be a flawless plan, but it is more than sufficient to cause Finnick a significant loss. Besides, it wouldn’t do me any harm even if her plan fails. If Grandpa casts the blame on me, I can excuse my deed by saying that it is not my intention of causing harm to Finnick. I am only helping my daughter-in-law, trying to matchmake her and Fabian. After all, I believe Grandpa will not blame her since she’s pregnant with the Norton family’s child.
###Chapter 287
Chapter 287 
The personal assistant finally put his mind at ease upon hearing Mark’s words. Mr. Norton surely is a guileful person. He always plans ahead while taking everything into consideration. 
Then, he heard Mark’s comment in an almost inaudible voice. “It seems like I have underestimated my future daughter-in-law.” 
The next day, Vivian and Finnick left the Norton Residence early in the morning. 
Before they departed, the elder Mr. Norton reminded them to take all the supplements with them for the umpteenth time. He even said he would ask someone to send them to Finnick’s house if they didn’t return to the Norton Residence once a month to get new supplements. 
It was the first time Vivian felt pressured because of the elder’s high hopes for her to get pregnant. 
The housemaid started preparing the herbal remedy for Vivian as soon as she arrived home. 
“Are you really going to listen to your grandpa and let me take all those supplements? Do you really think I need them?” asked Vivian. 
Finnick replied in his usual tone, “Just do as I say. It won’t do you any harm.” 
He has obviously resumed his usual indifference. As she looked at the stern and domineering man sitting in front of her, Vivian started to miss the cute Finnick at the amusement park that night. 
He already returned to his old self though only one night had passed. 
It didn’t take long for the housemaid to bring her the bowl of herbal medicine and urge her to finish it before it turned cold.
Vivian pouted while looking at the bowl that was still steaming hot. Since she was little, she had always hated taking medicine. The supplements and herbal remedies were no exception because they tasted just like medicine. 
“Drink it,” Finnick urged. 
For a moment, Vivian felt as if she was a warrior going to the battlefield to face her biggest enemy, and Finnick was the ruthless commander ordering her to charge forward. 
Finnick looked at her in confusion when he saw her picking up the bowl hesitantly just to put it down once again. 
Vivian pouted in reluctance. “I know it tastes horrible from the smell of it!” 
Finnick couldn’t help smiling because it was rare for her to behave like a child. 
However, he was determined not to let her have her way this time because it would be wasteful to throw the expensive herbal medicine away. With that, he took the spoon and gently brought the medicine close to her lips. “Let me feed you.” 
Vivian’s eyes widened as she had never expected him to treat her with such patience. Without a choice, she took a sip of it. 
To her surprise, it didn’t taste bad at all as there was a tinge of sweetness in it. 
“How does it taste?” asked Finnick. 
Vivian feigned a reluctant face and answered, “Not bad.” 
Vivian enjoyed herself as Finnick fed her the herbal medicine. When he saw her finishing the medicine, the latter nodded approvingly.
Finnick allowed the housemaid to leave earlier and told her to return the next morning since she was done with the house chores and they could manage themselves. 
As soon as the housemaid left the house, Vivian couldn’t help stealing glances at Finnick. Her mind was running a little wild. I know this man too well. He must be up to something whenever he sends the housemaid away. Could it be… 
She knew her guess was right when Finnick got up from his wheelchair and picked her up in a bridal carry. 
Feeling shy, she wrapped her arms around his neck and buried her face in his chest. Then, she asked in a muffled voice, “Finnick, what are you doing?” 
“Since you just drank the herbal medicine, why don’t we…” Finnick’s voice grew hoarse. “We should do it now to obtain the best medicinal effect, don’t you think so?” 
“Finnick…” 
Finnick carried Vivian all the way to the master bedroom and put her down gently on the bed. 
Vivian closed her eyes to avoid making eye contact with him. At the same time, she could feel her cheeks burning. 
Finnick’s body ached for her because it had been days since the last time they were intimate with each other. 
Her lips were always an allurement to him, seducing him to have a taste of it. 
She was just like a glass of refined wine, waiting for an oenophile to savor her. As the best connoisseur of wine, Finnick surely knew how to indulge himself in the mouthfeel of the wine.
His lips lingered on her silky skin that resembled the smooth texture of the wine. Soon, the sweet aroma of her body made him feel tipsy. 
Whereas to Vivian, Finnick was like hard liquor. Its fine taste gave a burning sensation as the liquor trickled down her throat, just like how his fingers set fire to her body, and she was turned on after taking another taste of it. Every inch of her was craving for the hard liquor because none other can bring her such ecstasy; it was the greatest pleasure in life. 
… 
After the series of events took place, from the unraveling of Vivian’s past and Ashley’s plot being uncovered to Finnick successfully finding his savior, it seemed like everyone was sick of experiencing any more vicissitudes. 
Vivian’s life finally returned to normal, traveling back and forth between her house and her workplace every day. 
Half a month passed by uneventfully.
###Chapter 288
Chapter 288 
If only they could be like this forever, living a simple but meaningful life. 
The thought of being able to be with Finnick every single day appealed to Vivian. The only downside to it was that he had an incredibly large sexual appetite and she was hard-pressed to satisfy him. It seemed like the elder Mr. Norton had been wise to gift her all those supplements. 
At this, she suddenly realized that her period was late. 
Her period had always been very punctual, yet this time it was late by more than two weeks. 
Just what’s going on? Don’t tell me the elder Mr. Norton hit the nail on the head! Could I be pregnant? Am I really that lucky? 
Since she could not be sure that she was right, she decided to go to the hospital for a check-up. She did not tell anyone about her plans, not wanting to give them false hope. After all, if she were wrong, it would be absolutely embarrassing! 
Arriving at the hospital, it was crammed full of people. 
She made an appointment with the gynecology clinics and sat down to wait for her turn. All around her were pregnant women, some with large bellies that showed they were in their late trimester of pregnancy while others with barely a bump. Every single one of them had a male accompanying them. 
Vivian fantasized about the envious stares she would get from other women if she were really pregnant and Finnick came with her. No matter where he went, he would always be the most attractive man in sight. 
A couple was talking to each other nearby and Vivian tilted her head slightly to eavesdrop.
The wife said, “I’m seven months along so we’ll be able to tell the gender of the baby by now. I like the idea of having a baby girl.” 
Her husband questioned, “You think it’s a girl?” 
“The baby came to me in a dream last night. She said she’s a girl.” 
“As long as the baby is healthy, I couldn’t care less. I get so nervous every time we come to the hospital!” 
Vivian mentally chuckled. With how anxious he seems, one would have thought he’s the one to give birth to the baby! I really hope I’m pregnant. Finnick would be ecstatic, wouldn’t he? 
She could already imagine how Finnick would dote on her during her pregnancy. Then, a scene of him pushing a stroller as they meandered down a street played out in her mind. The ground would be littered with fallen leaves, painting such a perfect picture… 
Are we really going to welcome a new life? A small being that has our blood running in its veins, the fruit born of our love. It would carry on a part of us forever, be our legacy. Pregnancy really is a miraculous thing! 
A long while later, it was finally her turn. Most of the other women were already gone. 
Heart pounding, she pushed open the door to the clinic and entered. 
The doctor asked her a series of simple questions before sending her off to get her blood drawn. 
According to the doctor’s calculations, it was highly probable that Vivian was pregnant. However, since there were no obvious signs of pregnancy yet, he recommended that she get a blood test. 
After that, there was nothing to do but wait. She fidgeted in her seat anxiously.
Recalling what the doctor had said, excitement and joy thrummed through her. 
She stroked her still flat abdomen lovingly. Despite there being no outward changes, she thought she could feel the presence of life in there. 
Am I really going to be a mother? 
At last, her blood test results were out. 
Abnormal changes in blood detected. 
She was pregnant! 
She really was pregnant! 
There was no way to describe the scope of her emotions right then! 
How should I tell Finnick this wonderful news? I wonder how he will react? 
Meanwhile, in the president’s office at Finnor Group. 
Finnick was listening as Noah gave his report. When the assistant was done, he abruptly remembered something and said, “Mr. Norton, I saw Mrs. Norton heading to the hospital alone. I’m worried there’s something wrong with her so I thought I should let you know.” 
Finnick froze upon hearing that. 
The hospital? Vivian’s sick? 
Without a moment’s hesitation, he instructed his secretary to cancel all his meetings and interviews. “Noah, let’s go to the hospital now.”
Noah’s eyes widened in disbelief. 
Mr. Norton, the workaholic, is actually postponing his meetings because Mrs. Norton went to the hospital? 
Despite his shock, he still hurried after his boss. 
When they were in the car, Finnick had Noah call the hospital to find out what was wrong with his wife. He could not wait a moment longer.
###Chapter 289
Chapter 289 
The answer Noah got was a huge surprise. 
Hanging up, a wide grin spread across Noah’s face. “Congratulations, Mr. Norton! I asked the hospital staff and they told me she had gone to the gynecology clinics. She’s confirmed to be pregnant!” 
Silence greeted his words, the only sound being the roaring of the vehicles passing outside the windows. Worried, he twisted around to look at Finnick. “Mr. Norton – ” 
When he caught sight of Finnick, he was stunned. 
The boss was sitting in his wheelchair limply as a myriad of emotions played across his face. They were all emotions Noah had never seen on him before. 
First, it was shock, then a little bit of helplessness. Finally, surprise and elation shone in those dark orbs. 
Vivian and I are having a baby? I’m going to be a father! 
Noah had been working as Finnick’s personal assistant for a lot of years. This was the first time he had seen his boss losing hold of emotions. He queried, “Mr. Norton, should we still go to the hospital? Mrs. Norton seems to have returned home.” 
Finnick snapped out of his stupor and replied, “Then let’s go home.” 
… 
Back at home, Vivian was still mulling over how she would break the news to Finnick. In the end, she decided she would tell him later when he got home from work. It would be a pleasant surprise for him!
She bustled around in the kitchen, preparing dinner as she waited for him to come back. Much sooner than she had expected, he was home. 
Glancing at the clock, she noted he was very early today. 
She rushed to his side, exclaiming, “Finnick, I have some great news to tell you – ” 
Before she could finish, he tugged her closer to him before wrapping her in a tight hug. 
He placed his mouth by her ear and whispered, “Vivian William, this is the best present I’ve ever gotten.” 
Finnick’s seemingly random and nonsensical words puzzled Vivian. 
Chuckling lowly, he added, “Looks like those supplements really worked!” 
Understanding dawned on Vivian. “You already know?” 
He nodded. 
She searched his expression, taking in the delight on his face. Her heart warmed in bliss. 
The two of them sat down by the dining table. Vivian had sent the housemaid away earlier today so she could share this news with Finnick. Thus, they were alone now. 
He stared at the veritable feast on the table and frowned slightly. “You made all this?” 
“Yeah!” 
“You’re pregnant now and shouldn’t be doing all this.” Taking her hand, he murmured, “You should rest more.”
Vivian merely smiled in amusement. She thought he was making a fuss over nothing. 
After dinner was finished, she stood up to wash the dishes. To her surprise, he stopped her with a hand on her arm. “Let me do it. You can take a break.” 
With that said, he actually stood up from his wheelchair and brought the dirty dishes into the kitchen. 
Vivian watched him go with wide eyes. 
Woah, his reaction is a little dramatic, isn’t it? 
At first, she was going to tell him she could wash the dishes herself. Then she saw how serious and earnest he was and the words refused to leave her lips. So she sat there, listening to the clinking coming from the kitchen. 
When he was done, she stood up to head upstairs. Once again, Finnick stopped her. He swept her up into his arms and walked up the stairs. “Careful. I’ll carry you.” 
At this point, Vivian was beginning to get the slightest bit exasperated at his overprotectiveness. 
“Finnick, I’m pregnant, not deathly ill. You don’t have to do all this.” 
“I want to.” He answered stubbornly. 
Seeing the determined expression on his face, she knew there was nothing she could say to change his mind. Besides, his pampering made her feel fuzzy inside. 
In the bedroom, she moved to take a shower and he followed her inside the bathroom. “I’ll help you.” 
“This too? Oh my god!” She was utterly dumbfounded at his actions.
Ignoring her protests, he guided her to sit down in the bathtub and grabbed a towel. Then, he started to scrub her back for her. 
Touched, she assured him softly, “Finnick, you don’t have to treat me like glass. I’ll be fine.” 
“No.” 
He persisted, focusing all his attention on gently scrubbing her back. 
A short while later, it was obvious Finnick was not used to taking care of someone else. It did not take long for his white shirt to be completely drenched while he helped her wash up.
###Chapter 290
Chapter 290 
Vivian knitted her brows. “Finnick, you really don’t have to do this for me. You should – ” 
She suddenly gasped while her whole body tensed. Finnick’s hand had just drifted past the insides of her thighs. 
He stared at her blushing face and chuckled. “Hmm? Vivian, just what are you thinking about?” 
Hearing that, her face flushed even redder. 
Gritting her teeth, she tried to change the subject. “Nothing. I was just thinking about how uncomfortable it must be for you, with your clothes sticking to your body like that.” 
“Oh?” He raised a perfectly sculpted brow at her. There was a wicked look on his face now, a far cry from his normally indifferent expression. “So you’re hoping I would take my shirt off, is that it? You want me to bathe with you?” 
“N-no!” Vivian could have bitten her own tongue off. No matter what she said, Finnick would always find a way to twist her words. If that was the case, she might as well keep quiet and accept his care for her. 
The minutes ticked by as she watched him clean every inch of her. At last, she could not hold back anymore and blurted, “Finnick, do you really like kids so much?” 
He shot her a quick glance, replying, “I only like it because it’s yours.” 
Her heart skipped a beat and she could not help the smile that spread across her lips. 
She placed her hand down on her abdomen, contentment filling her.
How wonderful it is to have life growing in me! From now onward, I’ll have one more person to love me; One more person to call kin other than Mom and Finnick; Someone who will rely on me for everything and whom I’ll gladly give everything in return. 
Whenever a woman was pregnant, she would inevitably think about how difficult it must have been for her own mother to give birth to her. 
That was why the next afternoon, Vivian went off to visit her mother. She wanted to tell Rachel the good news in person. 
Ever since young, Rachel had been telling Vivian, “You’ll understand when you have your own children.” Now that she really was pregnant, she could understand what her mother meant. She was finally coming to realize just what it meant to be a mother. How proud one could feel and the sacrifices they were willing to make for their child’s sake. 
On her way to Rachel’s, she went past a maternal and infant supply store. Unbidden, her footsteps slowed before stopping. She gazed at the small articles of clothing and the little booties on display, finding them absolutely adorable. 
She firmly believed that her and Finnick’s baby would be either incredibly beautiful or handsome. No matter the gender, it would definitely be more attractive than either one of them. 
The radiant smile on her face remained all the way to the door of Rachel’s apartment. 
She had only just taken out her keys when the door swung open. 
An unexpected visitor exited the apartment. 
It was Benedict Morrison, the heir of the Morrison family and the older brother of Evelyn.
Rachel was doing a lot better now and was able to actually leave the confines of her bed. Presently, she was escorting Benedict to the door with a wide smile on her face. 
Benedict was visibly surprised to see Vivian there but regained his composure soon enough. He greeted her politely, “Hello, Vivian.” 
“Why are you here, Benedict?” Vivian was barely able to squeeze out any word. She was taken aback to see the man here. 
Why would Benedict come to our house? Does he know Mom? 
Rachel was also astonished. “Vivian, you two know each other?” 
Before Vivian could explain, Benedict spoke up, “Ms. Rachel, I’ll be sure to come to visit you again. Please take care.” 
Rachel’s gaze was fond as she laughed. “Thank you for coming over, Benny. You’re so sweet! If it had been anyone else, they would’ve treated me as a stranger after so many years!” 
“Don’t worry, Ms. Rachel. I most definitely won’t do that.” Throwing a glance at Vivian, he continued, “I won’t hold you up any longer as I see you have a guest. Bye.” 
“Alright. You’re welcome to visit anytime, Benny. I’ll whip up something delicious for you next time!” 
What’s going on? Mom seems to be very close to Benedict! Vivian was flabbergasted at what she was seeing. 
Benedict bid Vivian a courteous goodbye before he left. 
After he left, she stepped into the house.
She noticed that Rachel had brought out their best tea leaves to serve Benedict. Thinking on it further, she decided that was not surprising. Even if Rachel were not close with Benedict, she would still serve him their best tea due to his status alone. 
Turning to her mother, she asked, “Mom, how did you get to know Benedict? You two seem very familiar with each other.” 
Rachel brought over some snacks before sitting down.
###Chapter 291
Chapter 291 
She pushed the plate over to Vivian, saying, “I made your favorite shortbread. Eat it while it’s hot.” 
“Mom, I’m asking you a question! How do you know him?” 
Grinning, Rachel explained, “I used to be a housemaid for the Morrison family. At the time, my main job was to look after Benedict. That’s why we’re so close. You have no idea what a beautiful little boy he used to be! I found myself smitten by his cuteness. He took a liking to me too, always running around me and calling me Ms. Rachel. He was such an obedient child!” 
Vivian could imagine how adorable Benedict must have been when he was young. She wondered if her baby would be as beautiful. Judging by Finnick’s appearance, it was a given. Once the baby was born, Rachel would be ecstatic to be able to look after another child again. 
At this, she was reminded of her main purpose for this visit. Distracted by Benedict’s appearance, she had nearly forgotten. 
Her lips curved into a grin as she purposely said vaguely, “Mom, Mom! I have good news to tell you!” 
“What is it?” 
“I’m pregnant!” 
“Really? That’s wonderful!” It had been a long time since Rachel was this happy. 
Ever since Vivian and Finnick got married, Rachel had been worried about her daughter. Now, it seemed like her worry had been for naught.
Taking in the blissful smile on Vivian’s face, Rachel felt the last of her apprehension vanish. She mentally thanked God for looking out for them both. 
After asking how Vivian had been feeling recently, Rachel stated, “Your appetite is going to get a lot worse in a few days. You’ll also be suffering from nausea all the time.” 
As if on cue, Vivian felt her stomach roiling in protest. 
Noting the slightly nauseated look on her daughter’s face, Rachel chuckled and continued, “Let me tell you something. Being pregnant is not as glorious as people always make it out to be. When I was pregnant with you, I was vomiting every single day at every single meal. It got so bad I lost a lot of weight. After that phase, my appetite returned but I was insatiable. It was like my stomach was a black hole. I ate so much that I gained back all the weight I had lost and then some more. Walking became hard and all I could do was waddle around slowly. My stomach was so stretched. Then, at close to ten months, I gave birth to you.” 
Vivian paid close attention to what her mother was saying. “Mom, did it hurt when you gave birth to me? Did it hurt a lot?” 
“Of course! I gave birth to you naturally, you know. At the time, I kept telling myself that I had to endure till the end. I had to ensure you entered this world safe and sound.” 
Rachel’s mind cast back to when she was in child labor. To this day, she could still remember the agony she had been in. It felt like her body was ripping in half. However, the moment she heard her baby’s first cry, tears trickled from her eyes. What was all this suffering in the face of bringing a new life into the world? 
Once again, Vivian was in awe at how great her mother was to give birth to her and raise her alone.
She thought back to all the jobs Rachel had done in her whole life. Her mother had been a saleswoman, an insurance agent, a newspaper stand seller, a tailor… The list was endless. All these jobs were difficult jobs that required hard labor. 
Despite doing all these hard jobs, all she had gotten in return was scorn and disdain. Yet she still managed to raise Vivian and send her off to university. It was absolutely astounding. 
Tears pricked at Vivian’s eyes at the difficult life her mother had led. 
As if Rachel had been thinking about her life too, she commented, “It was not easy bringing you up alone. I wasn’t very talented nor was I rich. I had to work hard to earn enough money to get us by. Looking back on it now, the Morrison family actually treated me quite well. At least the work environment was good.” 
Something occurred to Vivian and she asked, “By the way, Mom, you said you looked after Benedict when he was young. Does that mean you know Evelyn as well?” 
Evelyn! 
How could Rachel not know who she was? 
“Mom? So do you?” Vivian noticed the way her mother’s eyes shifted slightly, like she was hiding something. 
Lowering her gaze, Rachel tucked her hair behind her ears. “Of course I do!” 
So she does know Evelyn! 
Vivian pressed, “What was she like as a little girl?”
Rachel’s voice was low as she replied, “She’s an outstanding girl, of course. After all, she was born into such a good family. How could she not be?” 
That’s true. If Evelyn weren’t such an amazing woman, Finnick would not have found it so hard to forget her; Benedict would not have pampered her so either. 
Vivian mentally berated herself for asking such a stupid question. 
Rachel shot her daughter a curious look. “Why are you suddenly asking about her?” 
“Oh, it’s nothing. I was just asking.”
###Chapter 292
Chapter 292 
Vivian was reluctant to tell Rachel about Evelyn’s death. Maybe her mother already knew. Whatever the case, she did not want to continue this topic further lest she caused her mother more grief. 
Chatting a while longer, Vivian finally left. She had only just turned the corner of the street when she spotted a tall figure. 
Benedict was leaning against his Range Rover. Upon noticing Vivian, he called out, “Get in. I’ll send you back.” 
Although she knew she should not be too friendly with Finnick’s enemy, she found that she did not actually hate Benedict. Strangely enough, she even felt a sort of kinship with him. 
She had a lot of questions that she hoped he might be able to answer. 
That was why she nodded in agreement. He swiftly opened the car door for her, gesturing her to step inside like a gentleman. 
Sitting down in the driver’s seat, he started up the engines. 
Benedict broke the silence first, “I never thought you would be Ms. Rachel’s daughter, Vivian.” 
Vivian bobbed her head, replying, “Yeah. I never expected my Mom to know you either.” 
“Seems like we’re fated to meet.” 
Benedict glanced at her, discovering that she looked even prettier from the side. 
Focusing his attention back on the road, he stopped the car at a red light.
He spoke up again, “Ms. Rachel was very nice to me when I was young. Unfortunately, things happened and she left my life. I honestly never thought I would get to see her again today.” 
“My Mom told me about you, about all the things you did when you were a little boy.” 
“Did she tell you I was a naughty one?” 
“No. She actually kept praising you, saying how you were very smart and understanding. She liked you a lot. You and… Evelyn.” 
She had thought that by mentioning Evelyn, he would talk a little bit more about his sister. To her disappointment, he did not. 
Instead, he seemed much more interested in her. “Where were you when Ms. Rachel was working for us? I’ve never seen you even once.” 
“I was at Miller Residence.” She explained. “Mom told me your family did not like outsiders staying there. Left with no other choice, she sent me off to live with the Millers.” 
“I’m sorry.” 
“For what?” 
His voice was sincere as he uttered, “If it weren’t for us, you probably wouldn’t have needed to live with the Miller family. I have a rough idea of what sort of people they are. I’m sure they didn’t treat you very well, did they?” 
“Forget it. It’s all in the past now. You were just a kid back then anyway.” Slowly but surely, she had been trying to get over her past. “Besides, Finnick has already taught them a harsh lesson for what they did to me. I don’t hate them anymore.”
She should not have brought up Finnick’s name. The moment his name left her lips, Benedict tensed. 
“Who knows if Finnick did that for you or for himself? Don’t be so naive! He’s not as perfect as you think he is! He’s a hypocrite!” His voice came out stiffly. 
Vivian would not allow anyone to speak badly of Finnick in front of her. 
She scowled, snapping, “Benedict, could you not get so agitated at the mention of Finnick every single time? Do you really know what happened back then? Maybe it’s not what you think it is!” 
“You leap to his defense each time! How very stupid of you!” Benedict’s face was blank as he hissed, “I’ve never seen such an idiotic woman as you! You’re so foolish! An idiot!” 
At this, Vivian understood that it was pointless to argue with him. They would just end up hurting each other. 
Her tone was less than friendly when she demanded, “Let me off. I want to walk back home myself.” 
Sensing the unpleasant atmosphere in the car, Benedict realized that Vivian had misunderstood him. In truth, he was not against her specifically. 
“Please don’t misunderstand. I don’t hate you; the one I hate is Finnick.” 
Now feeling embarrassed for her mistake, she suggested, “Then maybe you misunderstood Finnick too. Did the Morrison family actually investigate the incident carefully back then?” 
For a long while, Benedict was silent. Vivian did not prod him further. 
Abruptly, he uttered, “At the time, the Morrison family was in dire straits. We did not have the time and energy to investigate that matter.”
His w bewildered Vivian. The Morrison family, one of the top three families in Sunshine City, were in dire straits? 
He did not elaborate further, probably finding it too humiliating to tell her.
###Chapter 293
Chapter 293 
Vivian returned to the magazine company. 
For some reason, Benedict’s words niggled at her mind and she was determined to find out what he meant. 
Since Jenny had been working at the magazine company the longest, Vivian decided to ask her about what happened all those years ago. 
Jenny pondered the question for several moments before flipping through her notebook of that year. 
At last, she answered, “Ten years ago, the Morrison family had an unprecedented business crisis. Several large companies banded together to threaten their business. Things got so bad that Morrison Group came close to getting bought over by that consortium. This incident shook everyone to the core since the top three families in Sunshine City were interconnected. If one of them prosper, so would the others; and vice versa. Needless to say, the Jackson and Norton families were alarmed at how things were going. However, they did not actually help the Morrison family. Instead, they stood by the sidelines.” 
Unable to stop herself, Vivian interjected, “Why didn’t they help the Morrisons? I thought their families have always been rather good friends?” 
“Yeah. Under normal circumstances, they would have aided the Morrisons. Of course they wouldn’t want the Morrisons to crumble. Unfortunately, that year was a bad year for everyone. They were suffering from the world economic crisis too. That was why they could only watch helplessly from the sidelines.” 
Vivian listened carefully as Jenny explained everything.
“That’s not even the end of it.” 
“There’s more?” 
“Well, what I’m about to tell you might not be directly related to the forceful takeover of Morrison Group, but Evelyn Morrison was kidnapped around this time as well. The poor Morrisons, they just couldn’t catch a break.” 
So, these are the factors that might have affected the kidnapping all those years ago. 
“At the time, Finnick and Evelyn were…” Jenny trailed off, not sure if she should tell Vivian more about the kidnapping. 
Vivian urged her, “It’s okay, Jenny. Please continue. Finnick’s already told me about their kidnapping.” 
Relaxing, Jenny continued her story, “Luckily, the Norton family finally decided to step in. Although Evelyn Morrison died in that fire, Morrison Group received the Norton family’s help and managed to get through that tough time. Otherwise, the Morrison family would have been destroyed.” 
That’s right. Even with the Nortons’ help, the Morrisons have fallen from grace. Everybody looks at them with disdain now, treating them as yesterday’s news. 
However, Vivian had a feeling that the Morrison family would rise to glory again if Benedict were to manage the company properly. 
She questioned, “It must have been Samuel Norton who helped them, right?” 
She thought Finnick’s grandfather must have been quite an important figure back in the day. 
To her surprise, Jenny shook her head. “You’re wrong, Vivian. At the time, he was so anxious over Finnick’s kidnapping that he had fallen ill. There was no way he would have the energy to aid the
Morrisons.” 
“Then who?” 
“Mark Norton, Finnick’s older brother.” 
Vivian was at once stunned and puzzled. Mark? It was Mark who helped the Morrisons? 
She was not that familiar with Mark. However, from what she knew of him, he was quite a sinister man. He would not do anything that did not benefit him. 
She asked Jenny, “Are Benedict and Mark on good terms?” 
Snapping her notebook shut, Jenny answered, “I have no idea. I guess they’ve probably known each other since young?” 
Before Vivian could think on this more, her stomach suddenly spasmed and nausea rose in her. 
Jenny panicked upon noticing the green look on Vivian’s face. She cried out, “Vivian, what’s wrong? Why do you look so terrible?” 
Clamping a hand over her mouth, Vivian waved her other hand at Jenny before she rushed toward the toilets. She instantly started retching the moment she entered one of the stalls. 
Sarah hurried over, frantically asking Jenny what was wrong. 
The latter replied, “I don’t know. She looked like she wanted to vomit.” 
“She wanted to vomit?” The wheels turned in Sarah’s head before it clicked. She shouted, “Do you think she’s pregnant?”
At the word “pregnant,” the entire office exploded into mutters. 
Anyone working for a magazine company was usually quite sensitive when it came to sniffing out something. Naturally, they were also quite nosy and loved to gossip. Vivian’s current status as Mrs. Norton only served to make the news even more exciting.
###Chapter 294
Chapter 294 
After puking her guts out, Vivian felt a lot better. 
I’ve been feeling rather nauseous lately. Must be the morning sickness kicking in. Her spirits soared at the thought even as her heart swelled with love. 
Washing her hands at the sink, she took a moment to stare at her reflection. She seemed to have lost a little weight. Despite that, she was still buoyed at the thought of being a mother. 
When she returned to the office, she noticed everyone staring at her with wide grins. 
Did something happen? 
Her voice was cautious as she asked, “Err… Did something good happen, guys?” 
Sarah walked up to her and said, “Congratulations, Vivian! You are pregnant, aren’t you?” 
So it was you! Busted! 
Feeling a little shy, Vivian murmured, “Yeah… I-I’m pregnant.” 
Sarah swept her into a bone-crushing hug, squealing loudly. It was almost like she was the one pregnant and not Vivian. 
In her excitement, Sarah shook Vivian agitatedly as she babbled, “Wow, you’re so amazing, Vivian! You’re going to be a mother! Mr. Norton is going to be a father!” 
Jenny hastily stopped Sarah’s movements, berating her, “Let go of her! Pregnant women shouldn’t move so roughly, especially in the first few months. Their pregnancy is still not stable yet! You’re going to hurt her!”
Gasping, colors drained from Sarah’s face as she released her grip on Vivian immediately. 
Smiling, Vivian assured her, “I’m okay, Sarah. I’m not that fragile yet.” 
The rest of her colleagues swarmed over, eager to congratulate her. They also reminded her to be careful from now on. 
Shannon had not expected that Vivian would get pregnant so soon. This means that her position in Finnor Group just got much more secure! 
She began to regret her previous actions, hating herself for offending Mrs. Norton. 
Squeezing forward, Shannon pasted an ostentatious smile on her face as she simpered, “Oh, congratulations, Vivian! You’re so lucky!” 
Sarah and Jenny rolled their eyes at Shannon’s rapid change in attitude. 
Sarah could not help sniping, “Wow, Shannon, your attitude changes faster than the blink of an eye! You used to have it out for Vivian all the time previously. What, are you regretting your actions now?” 
“Shut up!” Shannon glared at Sarah. When she turned back to Vivian, she was all smiling. “Ignore her. I apologize for whatever misunderstandings we used to have. You’re a magnanimous person. You won’t hold my past actions against me, will you? We’re all still colleagues and good friends, right?” 
Vivian twitched her lips into a stiff smile. “I won’t hold a grudge against you. We’re all colleagues here. I’m grateful for everyone’s well-wishes.” 
Seeing how everyone was so attentive to her, Vivian was touched. 
Ever since they found out about her identity as Mrs. Norton, that brought them all closer together. They laughed and joked with each other a lot more. Never would anyone talk badly of her behind her back
again. Nobody would call her dirty or accuse her of being a homewrecker again. 
Humans are so realistic. 
Just as everyone was chatting cheerfully, Fabian appeared. 
The cold expression on his face effectively silenced everyone. 
His gaze was locked on Vivian as he stated, “Come to my office. I want to talk to you.” 
Her colleagues shrank back in their seats at the tension they could sense coming from their Chief Editor. 
Left without a choice, Vivian obediently followed Fabian into his office. 
Sarah and the rest craned their necks to look. Once the two entered the office, they murmured amongst themselves, trying to guess what he had to say to her. They noticed how he always had an odd look in the eyes when he stared at her. Sometimes, he acted like he had a grudge against her; Other times, it was the complete opposite and he treated her kindly. 
As she was pregnant, Fabian gestured for Vivian to take a seat. 
However, deep in his heart, he found himself unable to accept that reality. 
His lips trembled when he asked, “They were talking about how you are pregnant. Is that true?” 
“Yeah.” 
“Vivian, are you really planning on staying with Finnick for the rest of your life?” He growled. Anger crept into his tone as he continued, “You can’t give birth to that baby! Have you forgotten what you and your mother went through? Do you want history to repeat itself?”
At first, Vivian was taken aback by the seriousness of Fabian’s words. Then, her expression hardened. 
Why does my pregnancy have anything to do with what my father did? Finnick is not Harvey Miller. He won’t do to me what Harvey did to my mother! Comparing the two of them is just outrageous!
###Chapter 295
Chapter 295 
Vivian retorted sharply, “Fabian, I won’t end up like my mother because Finnick is not Harvey Miller.” 
Her protectiveness of Finnick sent pain shooting through Fabian’s heart. 
She added, “Fabian, I really hope you’ll give Finnick and I your blessings.” 
She knew Fabian hated her husband. That was why he sent her off to interview Benedict. He wanted her to find out what sort of man Finnick was so that she would leave him. 
Too bad for Fabian, his plan failed. She had already fallen in love with Finnick long before then. 
“I won’t give you my blessings! Never!” Fabian roared, “Vivian, you know I love you! Yet you married another man and are going to have his child. Can you blame me for being upset?” 
Taking a deep breath, he continued his lament, “Do you have any idea how sad I was when I heard you are pregnant? Vivian, I can’t forget you. I can’t forget about all our memories together…” 
There was no way to reverse time. The same could be said for love. You either loved someone or you did not. There was nothing reasonable or logical about love. It just was. 
Sighing, Vivian practically pleaded, “Fabian, forget about me. You can’t always live in the past; you still have a long way ahead of you! Ever since you left me all those years ago, fate had already decided we’re not meant to be together.” 
Fate had already decided we’re not meant to be together. 
Fabian was struck speechless at her words. If only he had not abandoned her back then; If he had chosen to trust her, they would not be in this situation today…
Who else could he blame but himself? Vivian was not in the wrong here. 
Vivian thought Fabian was calling her into his office so that he could assign her an interview or something. Now, she realized it was purely for personal reasons. He just wanted to persuade her to leave Finnick again. 
Since there was no point in lingering in his office any longer, she said, “Mr. Norton, if there’s nothing else, I’ll be taking my leave.” 
Fabian was on the verge of a mental breakdown. It would seem like there was really no hope for him and Vivian anymore. 
“Vivian, is it really not possible between us? Do you honestly have no feelings for me? Not even the slightest bit? I don’t believe that…” 
Vivian had to admit she used to love him, so very deeply. Yet after everything that had happened, her feelings for him became nothing more than memories of her youth. In those memories, she loved him and the feeling was mutual. 
However, in the real world, right now and for the rest of her life, she would only love Finnick. 
She replied softly, “Don’t forget that Ashley is pregnant too. You should focus all your love on her and your unborn child. Fabian, there’s really no going back for us.” 
“Vivian, it’s still not too late for us to get back together! As long as you’re willing to return to my side, I’m willing to start things over again! We can leave this country and begin a new life somewhere else! I can give up everything for you!” He cried out with desperation lacing his every word. 
Vivian sighed. Why can’t he understand? Why is he so hung up on me?
Although Ashley had a lot of flaws and was incredibly ruthless, there was no doubt that she was truly in love with Fabian. He really should be cherishing her. 
Just as Vivian was about to persuade him again, there was a knocking sound from the door. It was Shannon. 
She entered the office, noting the fury simmering in the air. 
Not wanting them to direct their anger on her, she spoke up carefully, “Mr. Norton, this is the draft for Benedict Morrison’s interview about his antique fair. These are the photos. Please check if you’re satisfied with the typesetting. Senior Editor Jenson is waiting for your approval before she proceeds.” 
Fabian’s expression was stony as he accepted the draft. He flipped through it quickly, not expecting a lot of issues. 
The mere mention of Benedict was already more than enough to catch the readers’ attention. Those beautiful photos of him would only serve as a prop. The article itself had even fewer problems. Vivian was the one to write up the script before the interview so he had already seen it then. 
He nodded at Shannon. “Everything looks great.” 
Signing at the bottom, he handed the draft back to her. 
She smiled at Fabian and snuck a sideways glance at Vivian before she left. 
Upon stepping out of this office, Shannon mulled over what she had seen. Both of them had differing expressions on their faces. Fabian looked angry and frustrated while Vivian’s brows were knitted deeply in displeasure.
###Chapter 296
Chapter 296 
Their conversations were inaudible to her, but it did not seem like work matters… 
Shannon thought of how Ashley had made her keep an eye on Vivian, and also how she had managed to snap the picture of Fabian forcing a kiss on Vivian. Together with the recent news of Vivian’s pregnancy, she felt that the matter must be more complicated than that. 
Should I inform Ashley? Is there something wrong with Vivian’s child? 
Shannon thought about it for a long time before deciding to give it up. Never mind if I offend Ashley, it would be worse to offend Mrs. Norton and Finnick! 
With this thought, Shannon went back to her work as if nothing happened. 
After Shannon left, Fabian continued the conversation with Vivian in the office. 
Fabian continued, “Vivian, you should remember when I got you to interview Benedict, it was with the hopes that you will see how fake and heartless Finnick really is! For the sake of his own life, he abandoned Evelyn who was completely infatuated with him. He ran away and left her to lose her life in that fire. Such a man is not worth your sacrifice at all!” 
“That’s enough, Fabian!” Vivian was extremely angered. “It would have been fine had you not brought it up, but now that you mention it, how could you do that? You knew very well that Benedict was biased against Finnick, and you purposely arranged for me to interview him. Since when have you become so devious?” 
Why is everyone against Finnick and they keep saying that it was his fault? What did he do wrong? Vivian felt very wronged on Finnick’s behalf as she felt that he had it so tough for so many years. She knew very well how it felt to be misunderstood.
She said, “Fabian, I love Finnick, and I will be with him for the rest of my life. No matter what you say, and no matter how others view Finnick, he is still the best man in the world to me. You can forget about it, Fabian.” With that, she opened the door and left. 
Fabian could hear his own heart shatter into pieces. 
He sat at his seat and watched the scenery outside as it grew bleaker by the minute. 
The sight of falling leaves broke Fabian’s heart further. She was just like a leaf who had left him on a fall day like this. 
He still remembered how when they were in college, Vivian loved to be with children, and would bring him to do volunteer work at the orphanage. 
The children in the orphanage were very pitiful, but they were all very sensible and adorable. Vivian played really well with these children. All of them loved this big sister, and said that she was pretty and gentle. 
Vivian explained that they were as pitiful as she was, with no one to love nor to pamper them. However, she was more blessed than they were, because she had Fabian and her mother—which was why she wanted to help them. 
Fabian still remembered how her smile looked extraordinarily radiant under the sunlight. Just like an angel, her body looked like it was radiating light as she ran happily against the sunshine while playing with the children. 
Vivian even told him that her biggest dream was to have her own child and to have her own family so as to give the child a perfect childhood, which was what she never had.
At that moment he thought, since Vivian wanted to have a complete family so much, he will tell her about his real identity upon graduation, and marry her. 
However, who would have thought that fate had other plans? 
With sad eyes, Fabian put his memories away. 
At that moment, everything was perfect. Who would have thought that after all these years, both of them would in fact have children, just not with each other. 
On the other hand, Vivian was still feeling frustrated after she left Fabian’s office. When the time was up, she immediately packed up to go home. 
Lately, because of her pregnancy, Finnick had arranged for a personal car and chauffeur for her. Vivian agreed to the arrangement without hesitation as she too felt that she should not be squeezing through the subway in her pregnant state. 
Because she finished work early, Finnick had not returned when she reached home. She sat on the sofa for a while before the doorbell rang. 
She immediately skipped to the door excitedly. 
“Finnick! You are home…
###Chapter 297
Chapter 297 
When Vivian opened the door, she could not help but ze at the sight of the person outside. 
The person standing out there was not Finnick, but a completely unexpected person. 
It was grandpa—the elder Mr. Norton. 
He did not come alone. In fact, he had a rather large entourage with him, all of whom were carrying large and small packages containing lots of tonics. 
Mr. Norton looked at Vivian lovingly and said while looking at her stomach. “Vivian, you finally did it! This is great! All these tonics are especially nutritious for pregnant ladies, so just have them. You have the greatest contribution to the Norton family right now.” 
Vivian was very happy to have grandpa as a guest in their home. She immediately welcomed him into the house and offered him drinks. 
The elder Mr. Norton saw how busy she was and immediately said, “Alright, stop busying yourself. Just let the maids handle it. You have to get more rest. If you can’t handle it anymore, just resign from your job and stay at home.” 
Vivian felt that apart from her gastric discomfort, everything was alright and she didn’t need to resign from her job yet. 
Moreover, it was not easy for her to build up her career at the magazine company. She could not bear to just resign from her job just like that. 
Vivian said, “Grandpa, don’t worry, I know what I am doing.”
“Alright, up to you. As long as you are happy!” 
Samuel was incredibly happy when he heard that Vivian was pregnant. Finnick was his favorite grandson, and naturally he would love his child. 
Vivian felt that Samuel was becoming much more amiable towards her. 
Even though Samuel was old, he was still authoritative. Everyone was respectful yet fearful of him. Even though he did not have Finnick’s aura, it was clear that he used to be an influential person in the business arena. However, he was just a friendly old man in front of Vivian right now. 
While Vivian was preparing some snacks, Samuel could not help but ask her, “Vivian, they say that a mother’s intuition is the strongest. Do you think you are carrying a boy or a girl?” 
She really had not thought about this at all. It didn’t matter whether it was a boy or girl… 
When he saw Vivian’s innocent face, Samuel could tell that she didn’t know anything as this was her first pregnancy. Without blaming her, he merely said, “If you are craving for sour food, it would be a boy. If you are craving for spicy food, it would be a girl. How’s your appetite lately? Have you been craving for sour food? I remember when your grandma was pregnant, she threw up so much and loved eating sour food, the sour the better. She ate up quite a few baskets of lemons!” 
Lemon? That mere thought caused Vivian to have acid reflux. 
“No, Grandpa, I’ve just been throwing up a lot. I don’t have any special craving for sour nor spicy tastes.” 
“It’s normal to be nauseous. Don’t worry and just relax. I see that your complexion is not as good as it used to be, so it is time to focus on your health.”
Indeed, Vivian also felt that her complexion was bad lately, and her appetite was really poor as well. Together with her nausea, she had lost more weight. 
Samuel said, “Actually, I would love her even if she were a girl. I will train her up to be the heir of the Norton family as well. When she grows up, I will send her abroad to the top schools in the world. Don’t worry too much. It is not good for the baby.” 
Vivian could not help but flinch slightly when she heard him. 
She did not expect the elder Mr. Norton to place so much emphasis on their child. He was actually saying that he wanted this child to be the heir of the Norton family? 
Moreover, there was more than one branch in the Norton family. At Mark’s branch, Fabian and Ashley were about to have their child too. 
Even though she knew that the old man was definitely biased, she did not expect him to be that biased. Wouldn’t Mark be completely pissed to find out what the elder Mr. Norton was really thinking about? 
Vivian frowned and could not help but ask quietly, “Grandpa, if you love Finnick so much, will Mark…” 
The old man suddenly sighed at the mention of Norton family’s current situation. He said, “Mark… He is too defensive when it comes to Finnick, and behaves as if Finnick were his arch rival instead of his brother. He was like this as a child, but who knew that he would still be like this after he grew up? Sigh… This is such a family tragedy. Even though Finnick is now the glamourous Norton, and also the president of Finnor Group, he does not even hold any company shares. I am indeed guilty as his grandpa.”
###Chapter 298
Chapter 298 
Vivian was shocked when she heard that. 
Under Finnick’s leadership, the Finnor Group managed to achieve greater heights every year. Based on his capabilities alone, how could Finnick not hold any company shares to the Finnor Group? 
Vivian asked grandpa, “How is that possible? Why? Finnick is part of the Norton family too, shouldn’t he have it?” 
Samuel said, “Of course he should! Actually, I’ve been meaning to transfer some shares to Finnick. However, Mark has been giving a lot of pressure to the board of directors, causing them to not dare to take any rash actions. They have always acted according to Mark’s directions. Sigh, they are all a bunch of useless trash. As long as it is not approved by the board of directors, Finnick’s shares would always be up in the air.” 
“Then wouldn’t that mean that Mark singlehandedly owns the Norton family shares?” 
Samuel nodded and smirked, “That’s right. Luckily, you are pregnant. This time, Finnick will finally have a reason to receive the shares. Vivian, this is the reason why I have been wanting Finnick to get married early, and for you to get pregnant soon! The Norton family can do without Mark but we cannot be without Finnick!” 
Vivian’s eyes twinkled. 
Mark was probably so defensive when it came to Finnick because of the elder Mr. Norton’s obvious bias. 
She could not say anything else apart from a whisper, “Grandpa, you are so nice to Finnick.”
To which he replied, “Finnick resembles me the most and I do love him a little more. Moreover he has a kind heart. Don’t judge him by his icy exterior as all these were because of something that had happened ten years ago. He used to be very friendly as a child, and was extremely talkative. Now that I am old, I can’t control everything, so I feel bad for him as well.” 
His hidden meaning was clear. Not only did he like Finnick, but he also felt bad for this grandson. 
When Vivian heard him say all that, she could not help but be curious. 
Mark was indeed evil, cunning and extremely greedy. Despite having so many of the Norton family shares in his hand, he was still so fearful of Finnick that he went to the extent of kidnapping and even attempting to take Finnick out. This kind of brother was indeed frightening. 
Vivian felt very bad for Finnick. Apart from his grandfather’s love, the rest of this family viewed him as their enemy. 
Instead of getting the things he was entitled to, he had to support such a huge group by himself. 
Not only must he be very hardworking, but he also had to pretend to be disabled in front of others. It was something very painful and tiring. 
Samuel continued chatting about everyday matters with Vivian. After a while, he got up and said, “Alright, I should get going. I just wanted to drop by to see you. Now that I see that you are fine, I feel less worried too. Do take care of yourself.” 
Vivian was about to put on her coat to see him out, but he stopped her and said, “It’s fine, I don’t need you to send me off.” 
Shortly after he left, someone pressed the doorbell at Vivian’s home again. Vivian thought that the elder Mr. Norton had left something behind, and immediately went to open the door.
However, when she opened the door and saw who was outside, she could not help but ze again. 
It was Ashley! 
Ashley looked at Vivian triumphantly and said, “What’s up? Am I a monster? Look at how shocked you are! Why aren’t you welcoming me into your home yet?” 
Vivian could not discern Ashley’s intention at all. She was actually bold enough to come to her! For Ashley to turn up uninvited, something bad must be about to happen. 
Vivian asked her, “What are you doing here?” 
“Why can’t I be here? I am here to see my lovely sister!” 
Ashley pushed the door on her own and walked into the house herself. She sat on the sofa and noticed the cups and plates on the coffee table, which indicated that someone had just been here. 
Behaving like the mistress of the house, Ashley said to Vivian, “Can’t you even pour a cup of tea for your guest? Where are your manners, you uncouth peasant?” 
Vivian had no choice but to shut the door and asked Ashley, “Just say it. Why are you looking for me?” 
Ashley suddenly sniggered, “Who is looking for you? I am looking for Mr. Norton. You better keep your nose out of our business! Pour the tea!”
###Chapter 299
Chapter 299 
Indeed, Ashley was here for Finnick. Otherwise, she would never have this courage to do so. 
Vivian replied impatiently, “You better leave. Finnick is not here.” 
“Not here?” Ashley saw that the house seemed very quiet, and that Finnick should not be there. However, she did not look like she was about to leave. “If he is not here, I’ll just wait for him then.” 
With that, she sat on the sofa, ran her fingers across the leather and said sarcastically, “Oh, your sofa is not bad, isn’t it? Handmade Italian leather? Vivian, you’ve indeed made it for yourself.” 
Vivian was about to throw her out, but she was reminded that Ashley was Finnick’s savior. So, it wouldn’t do to just chase her out. Vivian had no choice but to remain quiet. 
Ashley walked around their house. 
This house may not be as big as the Miller Residence, but it was done up in a luxurious manner. Every single bead of the chandelier in the living room was made out of real crystals. She could tell from one glance based on its shine. 
She could barely hide her jealousy by now. 
Who did Vivian, the illegitimate daughter think she was to live in such a nice place? 
At the same time, Vivian brewed another pot of hot tea and poured a cup for Ashley. 
Ashley shot her a glance and held her head high. “Look at the way you are pouring tea. You do look like a housemaid’s child. So professional. Hahaha!” 
“Please help yourself.”
Vivian could not be bothered to argue further with her. She continued to host her politely and served Ashley some snacks that were nutritious for pregnant women. Finnick had his people buy that for her. 
Actually, Vivian pitied Ashley. Her mother was forced to suffer overseas and she was not able to win over Fabian. Therefore, Ashley could only become crazier and torture Vivian more, because the former was already left with nothing. 
Ashley stared at Vivian’s stomach and jeered at her, “I heard that you are pregnant too? Is it really Finnick’s? Or some random guy?” 
“Ashley, can’t you just shut it?” Vivian could barely hold it anymore. “You have no reason to talk about the child in my stomach. Go and be concerned about your own child.” 
“Who do you think you are to tell me what to do?” Ashley continued sneering. “Yes, you are pregnant— you are really pregnant. Just that I do hope that you are able to keep the pregnancy.” 
Vivian’s face completely changed. 
Ashley had crossed the line! 
The more she retreated, the more Ashley attacked her. Now, she was cursing her unborn child right in front of her! 
Vivian lashed out angrily, “Ashley, stop being so proud! How dare you curse my child? Are you not going to let go of a little life?” 
“Why are you losing your temper for?” Ashley was not going down easily. “I can say anything I want! Back then, Rachel should never have given birth to you the bastard! In the end, not only did you fight for Dad with me, but you also fought with me for my man as well. I hate you!”
As a fellow pregnant woman, Ashley’s words were really too much! Vivian was very angry but she knew that it was not good to be angered while she was pregnant, hence she decided to ignore her. 
Vivian remembered when she was little and first laid eyes on Ashley, she felt that her biological sister looked very beautiful and adorable. In her expensive and exquisite clothing, she looked just like a little princess. 
Vivian really liked her sister from the beginning, and was happy that she finally had a little sister. 
However, who would have expected that it was this sister that hated her the most. She has done so many cruel things to land her into trouble—she was completely unforgivable! 
Seeing that Vivian did not refute her, Ashley’s words fell flat. However, when her eyes landed on Vivian’s stomach, a glint went through her eyes and she laughed sarcastically, “Vivian, don’t assume that you are so important with this pregnancy of yours. Remember that the higher your climb, the harder you will fall. Let me tell you, I am still the final winner! I am Finnick’s savior, and your family’s honored guest. If you mistreat me, I will tell Finnick. He will listen to me.” 
Vivian thought of how Finnick obeyed Ashley in every way, and she did not feel good inside.
###Chapter 300
Chapter 300 
Ashley did not stop there. “Vivian, let me advise you to not be too arrogant. Don’t think that your status has elevated in the Norton family just because you are carrying a child. Let me tell you, the more you hope, the more disappointed you will be!” 
Vivian felt that there was a hidden meaning in Ashley’s words, and it unsettled her. She could not help but frown, “Ashley, you are pregnant too. Aren’t you worried about retribution when you say things like these? Why should the next generation bear the burden of our grudges?” 
“Grudges?” Ashley’s voice became shrill instantly. “Vivian William, listen carefully. You and I have grudges from the past life to this, and you can never run away from it. My mother is overseas and can’t do anything to you, but I will make you pay back in double and more! Also, did you know how much your mother Rachel made my mother cry? Therefore, I hate you. I hate you so much I want all of you to die, including your child!” 
“Ashley!” Vivian just wanted to throw her out of the door. “If you are here just to insult me, please leave immediately. This is my home!” 
“Well, I’m not leaving! I’m not leaving!” Ashley shouted angrily with a stubborn and indignant look on her face. “I tell you, I want to see Finnick, not you! I’m not leaving! If I leave, Finnick will ask me to come back and he will blame you for it! I am his savior, you hear that? I am his savior!” 
Vivian suddenly felt a bout of dizziness attack her brain. If she continued like this with Ashley, she could affect her pregnancy. 
If Ashley wanted to throw a tantrum, she was welcome to do so.
“In that case, you can sit here and wait. I won’t be here with you.” Vivian left the living room and returned to her bedroom. 
“Hey Vivian, what kind of attitude is this? Is this how you treat your savior? Let me tell you, Vivian, I can guarantee worse days are ahead of you!” 
Ashley’s voice rose behind Vivian. For some reason, Ashley looked a little triumphant, which seemed rather foreboding to Vivian, as if something were about to happen. 
However, what could Ashley do now, even with Finnick’s repayment? 
The sight of Vivian hiding back in her room made Ashley feel triumphant. However, it wasn’t the height of victory and she was not completely satisfied yet. 
As Finnick’s savior, Ashley walked around ly in Vivian’s house. 
She saw that their furnishings consisted of expensive rare items, and could not help but feel jealous again. A look into the rest of the house also showed the latest designs by the current top designers. 
There was every kind of household electrical item in the house. They were all the latest products with many smart household items amongst them as well. It seemed like they were living at the tip of modernity in absolute comfort. 
Who did Vivian the illegitimate daughter think she was to enjoy such luxury and to bask in the love from a man like Finnick? 
Sadly, she was now in my hands. This will be the end for her! She won’t be enjoying this lifestyle for much longer. I will definitely make her lose every single thing! 
Ashley purposely feigned thirst and shouted, “Oh no, I’m really thirsty. Vivian, get me some tea.”
“Didn’t you just have tea?” Vivian replied from her bedroom. “How can you be thirsty again so soon?” 
Ashley shouted, “You are pregnant as well. Don’t you know that pregnant women are always thirsty?” 
Yes, I’d changed the green tea to fruit tea because I knew that she is pregnant. In the end, there is no gratitude from Ashley at all. Vivian was completely disappointed in Ashley. 
She walked out of her bedroom and poured tea for Ashley once again. 
Ashley picked up her cup. Suddenly, her hand shook and she spilled the hot tea on the floor, nearly splattering the tea on Vivian as well! 
“You!” Vivian covered her stomach subconsciously. 
Ashley spoke vehemently, “You nearly scalded me! Vivian, how evil of you! You are trying to harm my baby, aren’t you? You are jealous that I am carrying Fabian’s child, and you are jealous that Finnick had forgiven me and accompanied me for a whole day in the hospital. And for that, you tried to scald me with hot tea? You are such a scheming person! Let me tell you, if anything happens to my baby, you will be the first one to suffer for it!

###Chapter 301
Chapter 301 
“Ashley, don’t you accuse me! You actually did it on purpose!” Vivian felt a flash of irritation and would have lost patience with her if it was not for the fact that she was Finnick’s savior. 
“I did it on purpose?” Ashley shot her a murderous glare. “Well, let me show you what you meant!” 
She raised her arm abruptly and was going to slap Vivian in the face. 
Right then, the door opened when the slap was about to fall on Vivian’s face. 
Noah entered the villa, together with Finnick in his wheelchair. 
Their attention was instantly drawn to Ashley with her arm raised. They looked at her in wide-eyed surprise. 
She immediately retracted her hand and tidied her hair with that hand. Ashley then greeted Finnick with a cheerful smile, “Hello, Mr. Norton!” 
However, he stared at her with a cold expression. “What are you doing here?” 
“I’m waiting for you, Mr. Norton. You have finally come back!” Ashley laughed drily. 
Finnick then glanced at Vivian and noticed her expression darkened. He guessed the two women did not get along well whenever they were alone at home. 
Though he sneered and remained silent, his cold-eyed gaze had already revealed his displeasure. Upon seeing the three cups on the table, Finnick felt strange and asked, “Vivian, has someone else been here?” 
She lowered her head and answered, “Yeah, grandpa was here. He brought us some gifts.”
“Grandpa?” Finnick was taken aback. After knowing Vivian was pregnant, his grandfather was so pleased, but Finnick did not expect him to visit her personally and bring her some gifts. 
It seemed that elder Mr. Norton had accepted Vivian as his granddaughter-in-law. 
At the same time, Ashley was jealous to learn that the old man visited Vivian. 
Though she got pregnant earlier than Vivian, elder Mr. Norton only complimented her and had never cared about her so much, let alone visiting her in person. She received nothing from him, not even a gift box! 
Ashley responded jealously, “Wow! Elder Mr. Norton treated you differently! The Norton family made a fuss over your pregnancy!” 
Upon hearing that remark, Finnick stared at her, and his expression darkened. “Ashley, why are you looking for me?” 
“Mr. Norton, I came to see you for something, but of course, I also came to visit my dear sister too!” Ashley replied with a forced smile. 
Vivian could not help but feel funny after hearing her words. 
Suddenly, Ashley was so impudent that she ordered, “Vivian, pour me another cup of tea. Don’t spill it this time!” 
Vivian frowned as she was reluctant to do so. Still, she bent down to pick up the teapot just because she did not want Finnick to feel awkward in front of his savior. 
All of a sudden, Finnick stretched out his arm to stop her from pouring the tea. 
Vivian was stunned. She then raised her head and stared at Finnick.
He looked impassive, but his eyes had darkened in controlled anger. Rage flowed through him like lava. 
All of them could sense his anger! 
Noah tried to ease the tense atmosphere immediately. “Let me pour the tea! How dare you order Mrs. Norton to do that! You don’t deserve it!” 
Though Ashley was annoyed, she did not dare to lose her temper. She could only justify, “Vivian, is that how you treat me? Finnick, why are you so worried? She’s just pouring a cup of tea and you’re being overprotective! One should express one’s gratitude, or else we’d be mocked for being ungrateful. Am I right, Mr. Norton?” 
Noah was exasperated. “Ashley, how dare you talk to Mr. Norton like that!” 
“Shut up! Who do you think you are?” Ashley continued relentlessly, “Don’t take yourself too seriously! You’re just an assistant!” 
Noah’s face turned pale, and he was rendered speechless. 
Finnick finally lost patience with her and uttered, “Ashley Miller!” 
He then sneered, “I’m going to ask you one last time. What are you doing here? If you’re here to pick on my wife, I’m sorry that you are not welcomed!” 
Finnick toned down his voice, but it sounded even more frightening. He shot Ashley a warning glare, and his eyes were blazing murderously.
###Chapter 302
Chapter 302 
His words and expression startled Ashley. However, she felt embarrassed and vented her anger on her sister. “Vivian, look at you! You’re turning your back on me! Do you really think you can sever your relationship with the Miller family? You’re Harvey Miller’s daughter! Don’t ever think of breaking this relationship off!” 
She then turned to look at Finnick and continued, “Mr. Norton, I heard Vivian is pregnant, so I purposely came to visit her and see if she is doing fine.” 
Ashley thought Finnick would treat her politely after she came up with that excuse. 
Much to her surprise, Finnick sneered and warned her with an icy tone, “Ashley, you’d better not go too far! I can repay you for saving my life, but you don’t seek trouble against Vivian as she owes you nothing!” 
His voice hardened ruthlessly. Again, Ashley was startled by his austere warning. 
However, she mocked him after a while. “Mr. Norton, are you trying to confront me? Don’t forget that I’m your savior!” 
Ashley was sitting on the couch with her arms crossed. She was so confident that Finnick would think of her kindness and endure her rudeness after hearing those words. Therefore, she continued, “Don’t you want to repay my kindness? You even said that husband and wife shall unite and face everything together, didn’t you? Are you now going back on your words? Can’t I ask your wife to pour me a cup of tea since I’m a guest? She became more precious after she got pregnant, didn’t she? After all, she’s just an illegitimate…” 
“Ashley!” Finnick interrupted her before she could finish her words.
She was taken aback. When she raised her head to look at Finnick, his stony stare and disdainful expression froze in place. 
He then uttered coldly, “Get out!” It was apparent that he could not be bothered to talk to Ashley anymore. 
She was completely stunned. 
Ashley then sprang up from the couch, feeling annoyed. “What do you mean? How could you treat your savior…” 
“I don’t care if you’re my savior! I won’t forgive you if you offend Vivian!” Finnick interrupted her again and shot her a frosty glare. 
Ashley was utterly shocked at Finnick’s words and his cold stare. She felt like she was trapped in a dungeon. 
She regarded Finnick as someone who valued friendship and loyalty highly. Thinking that he would appreciate her kindness as his savior; hence, she seized the chance to make things difficult for Vivian. 
Unfortunately, things did not turn out the way she desired. 
Damn it! I’ve underestimated the significance of Vivian to Finnick. 
Wait a minute—no, I can’t fall out with him! I can still take advantage of him! 
When that thought crossed Ashley’s mind, her expression changed abruptly. While caressing her stomach, she responded stubbornly, “Ah, I’m so sorry! It’s normal for a pregnant woman to have mood swings and become easily irritated, but I believe Vivian is tolerant so she will definitely forgive me. After all, she is pregnant too!”
Ashley emphasized the word “pregnant” to remind others that she and Vivian were both pregnant and they deserved the same treatment. 
Meanwhile, Vivian was utterly dumbfounded to learn that Finnick was so protective of her. 
Knowing that he cared so much about his savior, she had prepared to endure the insults hurled by Ashley, even though she was aggrieved. 
Much to her surprise, Finnick defended her. 
Vivian was touched and was not bothered by those nasty provocations anymore. She then glanced at Ashley coldly and warned, “Since you’re pregnant, you’d better quickly tell us why you’re here, then go home and rest after sorting it out!” 
Ashley stared back at her with an expression of sullen resentment and scoffed, “I’m here to see Mr. Norton. Those who are not involved can leave now!” 
Immediately, Finnick felt a flash of irritation. However, Vivian did not want to get into an argument with her, so she took the initiative to back off. “Alright, I’ll go back to my room and get some rest!” 
She did not bother to spare Ashley a glance and left immediately. 
Finnick’s expression turned stony and his eyes darkened in pent-up anger. He glared at Ashley and questioned her, “What are you doing here?” 
“I’m short of money recently. Give me some money!” Ashley requested unceremoniously. 
“You are asking for money again?” Noah grumbled.
###Chapter 303
Chapter 303 
In fact, Finnick had given Ashley a lot of money. How could she be so greedy? 
“Why can’t I ask for money?” Ashley made a sarcastic remark. “I saved your life before. Are you not going to save me when I’m now in trouble? Oh well, Mr. Norton left his first love behind in the fire and didn’t save her, let alone a kind passer-by like me!” 
Finnick’s expression darkened after hearing her remark. “How much do you want?” 
“At least thirty million!” 
Finnick was absolutely disgusted by that greedy face. He turned his wheelchair and ordered Noah to send Ashley out, with his back facing that woman. “I’ll transfer the money to your account.” 
After achieving her goal, she couldn’t suppress a triumphant smile and stood up to leave. 
When Ashley walked toward the door, a cold warning came from behind. “You’ll pay the price if you ever disturb Vivian again!” 
Her legs went jelly with fear, and she nearly fell to the ground. 
Well, Fabian is soft-hearted and amenable if compared to this guy. I may have to go through shit to take advantage of Finnick’s weakness! 
Luckily, I’m his savior and shall remain safe! Oh well, I can still reap a lot of benefits as long as I don’t cross the line or harm Vivian! 
Thinking of that, Ashley once again held her head up and walked out. 
After she left, Finnick called Noah over and instructed, “Transfer forty million to Ashley’s account.”
Noah stared at Finnick anxiously. “Mr. Norton, how could you accede to her request? This woman is so greedy!” 
“It’s nothing so long as I can repay her kindness with money,” Finnick replied indifferently. 
“Ashley is so unreasonable and wilful. Are you sure she is the kind-hearted girl who saved you before?” Noah could not help but doubt her. 
“Oh well, maybe she lost her kind spirit over the years, or maybe this is her true self, but she took pity and rescued me at that time by coincidence!” Finnick was tired and continued, “No matter what, she is the one who saved me undoubtedly.” 
Still, Noah wanted to express his grievance “I…” 
“That’s enough! You may leave now!” Finnick stopped him while moving his wheelchair. 
“Alright!” Noah had no choice but to leave. 
Meanwhile, Ashley was in a cab, looking at the bank deposit notification on her phone with a satisfied smile on her face. She knew she could always demand Finnick for money. Ha! I can’t go wrong with this! 
She then raised her head and ordered the cab driver, “Take me to Belfast Hospital.” 
Upon hearing that, the driver frowned and replied, “Miss, that’s far! Why don’t you go to the hospital nearby?” 
“No! I want to go to Belfast Hospital!” Ashley’s expression darkened. 
During a breezy autumn night ten years ago, a slender figure staggered out of a warehouse at the foot of a barren mountain, leaving bloodstains on the ground wherever he stepped.
That boy forced himself to move quickly, even though he was weak. The wound on his leg was bleeding, and his leg was getting cold and numb. He knew he could not save his leg if the wound kept bleeding. 
Still, he had to run and look for Evelyn. 
That boy was yelling and searching around desperately in a vain attempt to locate Evelyn. In the end, he was exhausted and fell on the grass field, losing his voice. 
At that moment, he was drowned in despair. 
It was late at night and most people would not come to this deserted place, let alone saving him. 
That boy did not have much food and water the entire day. He lost so much weight that any not-so- strong adult could pick him up effortlessly. 
Staring at the pitch-black sky, he sank in thought. 
I would probably die here! 
Oh well, maybe Evelyn is waiting for me! I can accompany her, but I’m going to let grandpa and the others down. 
Thinking about that, Finnick slowly closed his eyes, gave up the struggle, and waited quietly for death…
###Chapter 304
Chapter 304 
“Hey, wake up! What’s wrong with you?” 
Being in a muddle, Finnick felt a pair of small and tender hands were slapping his face. Spending the last ounce of energy, he raised his arm and grabbed that pair of hands. 
Then, he slowly opened his eyes. Dehydration caused him to have blurred vision after keeping his eyes closed for too long. He vaguely saw a little girl in a red princess dress with two ponytails, squatting by his side and looking at him anxiously. 
“Hey, you woke up!” 
That little girl grinned cheerfully and clapped her hands with joy, narrowing her eyes into crescents. 
A moment later, she screamed suddenly. 
Much to her surprise, there were some obvious bloodstains on her red princess dress, which was visible under the moonlight. 
Looking along the bloodstain, that little girl immediately saw the wound on Finnick’s thigh. 
“My goodness! That’s a lot of blood. What’s wrong with you?” 
She then looked around vigilantly and whispered in Finnick’s ear, “Are the bad guys chasing you down?” 
Finnick could feel the warm breath in his ear. Staring at that little girl in wide-eyed surprise, he did not expect her to trust him so much and treat him as a good guy. 
“Yes!” Finnick replied instinctively, gazing into her eyes.
While patting her chest, she promised, “Don’t be afraid! I’m here to guide you and won’t let the bad guys hurt you again!” 
Finnick felt calm for no reason and stared blankly at the little girl who was busy moving around in front of him. 
Although he had not eaten or drunk for a long time and his body weight had been lost due to dehydration, his weight was obviously not something that a girl of his age could bear. 
She was struggling, staggering, and carrying Finnick on her back. 
That little girl could barely sustain his weight, and they almost fell to the ground. Gradually, she stabilized herself and moved forward. 
The path was so long that Finnick thought it had no end. 
Still, he thought he would die there. While dragging an enormous burden, the girl kept chattering to prevent him from falling asleep. 
“Hey, don’t fall asleep! Let me… tell you a story or sing you a song?” 
“Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall, Humpty Dumpty had a great fall…” 
Finnick could not stand it any longer. He remarked weakly, “Shh, you’re so noisy!” 
However, that little girl seemed to be immune to his occasional scolding. She continued entertaining him and keeping him awake for fear that he would never get up once he fell asleep. 
Though Finnick appeared to be disgusted by her chitter-chatter, he actually appreciated her kindness. After finding grandpa and the others, I want her to stay. If she is gone, I will find her wherever she goes. 
I want to repay her!
“What’s your name?” Finnick suddenly asked. 
“Me?” That little girl turned to glance at him. When she was about to answer, they saw the car’s headlights coming toward them all of a sudden. 
That little girl shouted excitedly, “Yes! There’s a car coming! You’re safe now!” 
Next, Finnick’s memory was in a muddle as he was extremely weak at that moment. 
However, he could still recall that his grandfather thanked the driver who sent him to the hospital when he woke up. Then, Finnick was told that the little girl rushed home immediately after sending him to the hospital when he asked the driver about her. 
From that day onward, he could not find her. 
… 
Finnick was sitting on the balcony in the villa and thinking about the incident ten years ago until Noah’s message interrupted him. 
He looked at the message: I’ve transferred forty million to Ashley. 
Thinking of Ashley, Finnick suddenly lost interest in remembering the past. 
He had nightmares every day over the past ten years, dreaming about the kidnapping incident. 
That kind of fear and despair had taken root in his heart. 
However, every time in the darkest moment of the nightmare, he would hear that crisp voice…
###Chapter 305
Chapter 305 
“Hey, wake up! Wake up!” 
In the past ten years, looking for that little girl had become his habit. It was even more obsessive than looking for the mastermind of the kidnapping. He was unsure whether that obsession was just for repaying her kindness or what. 
Finnick only knew that little girl was his only hope in those countless nightmares. She was the light shining in the darkness and had a special meaning to him. 
Unfortunately, that so-called meaning had turned into ridicule. 
Finnick was disappointed when he realized Ashley was that little girl. 
He did not expect the girl whom he had been searching for to turn out to be a disgusting woman. 
“Finnick!” Vivian’s voice came from behind suddenly and interrupted his thoughts. 
He turned and saw Vivian coming out of the bathroom after her shower. 
Looking at her blushing cheeks, the worries in his heart vanished. 
Finnick then smiled bravely and set aside those cranky thoughts in his mind. 
Ashley? So what? She’s nothing to do with me! 
He no longer required the phantom from a decade ago to save him from those nightmares anymore because he had someone who was more important. 
…
It was a weekend the following day. 
Finnick went out for a meeting, and Vivian was going to visit Rachel during her rest day. 
Much to her irritation, she saw an unexpected visitor when she arrived at the small apartment, carrying bags of stuff, including fruits and supplements. 
Vivian’s expression turned frosty on the spot while Rachel’s expression darkened like thunderclouds. 
“What are you doing here?” Vivian asked angrily. 
It was Harvey! 
He looked at Vivian and greeted her with a friendly smile, “Hi, Vivian, you’re here!” 
“What are you doing here? Who asked you to come?” Vivian questioned him in annoyance. 
“Oh dear, don’t get angry! This is bad for the baby!” Harvey immediately held Vivian by her wrist and brought her to the couch, finding topics to chat with her. 
“You knew about it?” Vivian’s expression was still frosty. She had never enjoyed chatting with Harvey whom she regarded as an “insignificant” character in her life. 
Apart from the fact that Harvey raped her mother and being her biological father, he was nothing but a stranger to her. 
“Yeah!” He poured Vivian a cup of tea and continued, “You should have told me this good news!” 
“Oh really?” She could not be bothered to chat with Harvey. “Are you done talking? If there’s nothing else, you can leave now!”
“Vivian, how could you talk to me like that?” The look of irritation crossed Harvey’s face. 
However, knowing that Finnick would not let go of him if he offended Vivian, he immediately softened his tone. “Hey, I was too agitated! I’m sorry to have frightened you!” 
Looking at Harvey’s fickle expression, Vivian was utterly disappointed. 
“Ahem!” He cleared his throat and said, “Well, since Emma has left and Rachel has almost recovered, I want to bring Rachel back to our home. Finnick can also save the cost of getting a housemaid. After all, we can provide much better care to your mom. Vivian, what do you think?” 
“No need!” Vivian rejected him without hesitation, as she was unsure of his intention. She then continued, “We appreciate your kindness. Mom is doing great here and you don’t have to worry. Why don’t you take good care of Ashley if you have the time? After all, she’s your precious daughter and I’m nothing to you!” 
“Vivian, what are you talking about?” Harvey did not expect Vivian to refuse his good intention resolutely, and the rhetoric that he had prepared long ago became futile. 
Vivian ignored him and questioned him in return, “By the way, are you not going to care about Emma? She’s suffering abroad!” 
Harvey turned and snorted. “Vivian, I’ve never fallen for Emma. I’m always in love with Rachel, but I’ve married Emma because of her family background. Since they are no longer in power, and I don’t have to rely on them anymore, I want to be with your mom.”
###Chapter 306
Chapter 306 
Looking at Harvey incredulously, Rachel was really upset with his words. 
Though Vivian knew Harvey was a heartless man, she did not expect him to treat Emma in such a way. 
How I wish I could drain all the blood from my body so that I could sever ties with this scumbag! 
“You are a heartless man!” Vivian remarked sarcastically. 
Harvey disagreed and responded, “What’s wrong with that? Isn’t that what you wish for? How dare you scold me!” 
Vivian did not bother to speak anymore and ordered, pointing at the door, “Get out now!” 
Harvey was bursting with anger. “Vivian, no matter how much you hate me, I’m still your father!” 
“I don’t care if you’re my father. We don’t want to see you. I’m asking you to leave now!” Vivian replied in an agitated tone. 
It left Harvey no choice but to leave sulkily, as he was afraid of Finnick and tried to avoid any conflict with Vivian. 
Looking at Harvey’s back, she had a lingering sadness in her eyes while recalling the past. Vivian hated him for being such a coward and despicable man. 
When she was young, Harvey did not stand up for her whenever Emma bullied her. 
He just watched her being bullied and was always on Emma’s side. Harvey even scolded and beat her. 
If I didn’t meet Finnick, mom and I would still be bullied by them and live a hard life.
Meanwhile, Rachel’s eyes were prickling with tears after she saw a glint of sadness in her daughter’s eyes. 
Vivian comforted Rachel and put her to bed before she left. 
When she got home, Finnick was not there. 
Suddenly, Vivian received a message from Finnick: I’ll be working overtime. She then grabbed some food and chatted to Peggy on WhatsApp while lying on the bed. 
Peggy was her classmate, who was working in Sunshine City as well. 
She was the only person who believed in Vivian when the latter was framed and despised by the others in the university. 
Peggy sent Vivian a text message: Hey, what’s your schedule like tomorrow? 
After thinking for a while, she replied: Nothing much to do. Peggy then invited Vivian to her house. 
Vivian thought it was time to get together and relax, so she agreed. 
When she arrived at Peggy’s house, the latter was playing with her daughter. 
The one-year-old had grown up and was no longer a baby. Her arms and legs had grown and her face became more chubby. Still, she was young. 
As soon as Vivian entered the house, that toddler greeted her with a crisp and sweet voice. “Hello!” 
“Aww, darling!” Vivian was ecstatic and let go of her sadness instantly. 
She stroked the toddler’s hair before she took a candy from her bag and gave it to that girl.
“Thank you!” 
The little one then ran to the other side and continued playing. 
“Hey, Vivian! It has been a while.” After Peggy got married and gave birth to her daughter, she became slightly plump, but she looked blissful and lived a happy life. 
Looking at Peggy, Vivian sighed, “How time flies! We haven’t seen each other for so many years. Your daughter has grown up so much! That’s amazing!” 
Peggy teased her in return. “Pretty good, huh? You got married to Finnick and didn’t tell me about that. You’re something else!” 
They continued chatting happily. Peggy really cared about Vivian. After hesitating for a while, she could not help but ask, “By the way, did Finnick know about… that incident…” 
Vivian replied with a faint smile, “Of course.” 
Peggy was happy to learn that. “He’s so generous. Naturally, a good guy won’t mind that.” 
Vivian smiled and responded, “Of course, he doesn’t mind because… he was the man!” 
She explained the entire story to Peggy. 
“My goodness! Both of you are destined to be together!” Peggy was amazed and smiled from ear to ear. 
“That’s true! I didn’t expect that too. After going through all these ups and downs, I find that fate works in a miraculous way!” Vivian continued, caressing her stomach, “Now, I’m having his baby!” 
“You’re pregnant?” Peggy stared at her in surprise.
Indeed, Vivian had been going through a lot of complicated or inexplicable experiences, which normal people could not understand. 
“Yeah, I’m one-month pregnant.” 
“Hey! My husband is a gynecologist. Why don’t you see him for a check-up?” Peggy asked with a mysterious look.
###Chapter 307
Chapter 307 
“That’s wonderful!” Vivian replied in pleasant surprise. 
After waiting for half a day, Steve finally came back. He was a bespectacled and honest-looking man. It was obvious that he loved Peggy a lot, which put Vivian’s mind at ease. 
After Peggy explained to him Vivian’s situation, he agreed without any hesitation. 
“How do you feel recently?” he asked before checking her pulse. 
“Still alright.” Vivian gave it some thought. “It’s just that my morning sickness is really bad.” 
“Bad morning sickness?” Steve looked at Vivian in surprise. “You are only one month pregnant. Hence, it’s impossible to have such a huge reaction. Let me take a look. Perhaps, you have a problem with your stomach instead. It would be troublesome if that was the case.” 
Just as he spoke, he placed his hand on her to check. The moment he did, his expression changed. 
“What’s wrong?” Peggy asked when she saw the change in her husband’s face. 
Vivian’s heart skipped a beat as she began to worry. 
“You…” Steve looked up at Vivian but seemed to hold back his words. “From what I can see… you don’t seem to be pregnant.” 
“How is that possible?” Vivian and Peggy exclaimed in shock. 
“I’ve been going for checkups at the Norton Hospital…” Vivian mumbled to herself. 
However, the way she saw it, there was no reason for Steve to lie. Hence…
Vivian suddenly realized the problem lay with the hospital. 
Given what had happened, Vivian no longer had any mood to stay any longer. Taking her leave in a hurry, she hailed a taxi and headed to a nearby hospital for a checkup. 
When the results came out, it was just as predicted… 
Walking out of the hospital with the medical report in her hand, Vivian was in a sullen mood as she thought about what the doctor said. 
She wasn’t pregnant at all. Instead, she had accidentally ingested a drug that would delay her period. Furthermore, it even harmed her stomach and caused her to throw up. 
Therefore, someone was trying to make it look like she was pregnant. That person even bribed the doctors in Norton Hospital to give her a false pregnancy report. 
Thinking about Samuel’s concern and Finnick’s joy, along with how delighted everybody was, Vivian suddenly felt heartbroken as if she had let them down. 
Sitting on a bench at the bus stop and scrolling through her contacts repeatedly, she finally gave Finnick a call after having thought it through. 
Finnick happened to be in his office when his phone rang. When he saw it was from Vivian, he answered without any hesitation. 
“Hello?” 
“Finnick…” 
Finnick began to panic when he heard Vivian’s sobbing voice over the phone. 
“What happened?” he quickly asked.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry…” Vivian choked as she explained, “I’m not pregnant with your child. I have let everyone down.” 
Finnick was stunned. 
There’s no baby? 
Despite being suddenly filled with disappointment, he quickly set it aside as Vivian’s sobs were breaking his heart. 
“Where are you?” he answered quickly, “I’ll come and see you.” 
After letting him know the hospital’s name, Vivian ended the call. 
Meanwhile, raindrops began to fall and slowly got heavier, just like the tears streaming out of Vivian’s eyes and the devastation she felt in her heart. 
Without an umbrella, Vivian couldn’t go back, and neither did she feel like moving. All she did was sit at the bus stop feeling dejected while the wind blew rain all over her body without her noticing. 
Thinking back to how happy everyone was, Vivian felt as if she had been mocked and blamed herself for it. 
Suddenly, she was swept off her feet and fell into a warm embrace, causing the cold she felt to dissipate. 
Turning to look, her eyes locked with Finnick’s angry yet heartbroken gaze. 
She had assumed that he was angry because she wasn’t pregnant. Curling up in his arms, she apologized repeatedly, “I’m sorry… I’m really sorry…”
However, it only served to break Finnick’s heart further. 
“Silly gal, it’s not your fault. You don’t have to blame yourself.” He hugged her tightly on his lap. 
“But everyone was so happy and now, I will be disappointing them.” Vivian’s voice grew increasingly meek as she spoke.
###Chapter 308
Chapter 308 
Sensing something was amiss, Finnick put his hand on her forehead and felt that it was burning hot. 
With no time to lose, he got Noah to send her home as quickly as he could and called the family doctor. 
After prescribing her some flu and fever medication, the doctor advised her to get some sleep. 
After she fell asleep, Finnick instructed Noah with a darkened expression, “Investigate what happened with Vivian’s pregnancy!” 
It wasn’t until the next day evening that Vivian finally awoke. 
Finnick helped her up and fed her the medications prescribed by the doctor. 
Hanging her head, Vivian began to blame herself again. 
“I’m sorry, Finnick. I’m not pregnant and I have let everyone down.” 
Finnick sat beside her and hugged her while she was still covered in her blanket. He whispered, “Silly gal, it isn’t your fault. So there’s no reason to blame yourself. Getting pregnant has always been up to fate.” 
Although she still felt sad about it, she nodded at Finnick’s words as they did make sense after all. 
“Don’t worry, I’ll get to the bottom of this,” Finnick promised as he looked at her. 
“But what about Grandpa and the others…” Vivian couldn’t control the guilt she was feeling when she thought about how Samuel was supposed to be enjoying his time with his great-grandchild. But now, he had to contend with disappointment after getting his hopes up.
“I have told you, it’s not your fault.” Furrowing his eyebrows, Finnick held Vivian’s chin and forced her to look at himself. “Grandpa is someone reasonable. Once we get to the bottom of this, I’m sure he will understand and not hold it against you.” 
Finnick then kissed the tears on her cheeks one by one before licking them away. Finally, he planted his lips on hers as if to give her as much comfort as he could. 
Feeling reassured by Finnick, Vivian began to calm down. With her breathing slowing, she gradually fell back into sleep. 
After putting her down and tucking her in, he wheeled himself out to the living room. 
Noah had returned with the results of the investigations. 
“Mr. Norton.” 
“What have you found?” Finnick asked coldly. 
“I have got the answer. After checking with the Norton residence and Norton Hospital, they said that this was Ashley and Mark’s doing. They had switched the supplements that elder Mr. Norton had given Mrs. Norton, creating the illusion that she was pregnant. However, the drug used was a slow-acting poison. Long-term ingestion would affect Mrs. Norton’s ability to bear children. They had even conspired with the hospital to give her a fake pregnancy report.” 
After Noah had completed his report, Finnick was outraged and hated Ashley and Mark for their cruelty. 
“Very well.” Despite being furious, Finnick remained exceptionally calm as he tapped the armrest in a constant rhythm. “Noah.” 
“Yes.”
“Bring Ashley to the warehouse. I want to teach her a lesson.” 
When he saw Finnick’s expression, Noah immediately understood… 
Mr. Norton is outraged and won’t be held back by the debt he owed her anymore. 
Meanwhile, caught by surprise, Ashley was kidnapped and thrown into a basement. 
Filled with terror, she didn’t understand who would brazenly do this to her, until… 
Noah pushed Finnick on his wheelchair and appeared before her. As they approached her step by step, she felt as if the Devil himself was silently coming to claim her life. 
Ashley began to feel an inexplicable panic. However, she knew she had to remain calm and find out what was going on. She shouldn’t show any weakness. 
“Finnick, why did you kidnap me?” She struggled. “How dare you do this to your savior?” 
Finnick ignored her question until he stopped his wheelchair in front of her. He got straight to the point. “Are you the person orchestrating Vivian’s pregnancy?” 
Ashley panicked but recovered her composure quickly. She replied, “So what if it was me. All I did was make her look like she was pregnant while causing her to lose her ability to have children. However, you can’t do anything to me because you owe me your life.’ 
Ashley looked at Finnick in a haughty manner. She loved it when others resented her but couldn’t do anything about it. 
She enjoyed the rush that came with it. The rush of tormenting her enemies and that of revenge.
###Chapter 309
Chapter 309 
Finnick sneered, “Don’t think just because you have saved me that you can do whatever you want. I told you before that my gratitude comes with the condition that you don’t harm Vivian.” 
Finnick was especially serious when he said those words, his gaze was so sharp as if it could pierce the depths of her heart, giving her no place to hide. 
Ashley suddenly panicked and began to be afraid. Staring back at him, she asked, “Finnick, what are you planning to do to me?” 
“Noah,” Finnick ordered, “lock her up first.” 
Four burly men appeared and pinned Ashley to the ground. 
Finnick turned around and remarked to Ashley with a smile, “Ashley, you are indeed my savior and I will repay my debt to you. However, for what you did to Vivian, I will have to exact revenge on her behalf. For the time being, just stay here and treat it as time for nurturing your baby. Meanwhile, I need to deal with someone more important. By the time I’m back, we will continue to resolve the issue between us.” 
“Finnick! You can’t do this to me!” Ashley grew extremely anxious. “I’m your savior. How can you treat me this way? Do you know you will receive divine retribution for this?” 
Loss for words, all Ashley wanted to do was call for Finnick to return. 
“Finnick, come back! You can’t do this to me!” Ashley tried hard to struggle and grab onto Finnick. However, she was pinned to the ground by the burly men. “Fabian and Mark will never forgive you for this!”
Finnick didn’t bother to even answer as he left right away. 
When Ashley saw him leave, her heart sank and she was overwhelmed with terror. 
Once she was held captive by Finnick, she knew there was no escape. 
Furthermore, the reason he hadn’t harmed her was that he assumed she was his savior. If he knew… 
Ashley didn’t dare think any further as she curled into a ball in fear. Trembling, she mumbled to herself, “Fabian…” 
Meanwhile, at Mark’s office. 
Suddenly, Harry barged into it frantically, forgetting to even knock. 
“Mr. Norton, something has happened!” 
“What is it?” Mark furrowed his brows. 
“The Norton Corporation subsidiaries under our control have had their share prices drop massively, to the extent they have been suspended. Furthermore, they are going through a hostile takeover and the party responsible is Finnor Group.” 
Mark expression changed drastically. 
Finnick… Is he going to war with us? 
Mark sent men to prevent the takeover immediately. But they soon reported back that it was a futile effort. 
“Why did it turn out this way?”
Mark slumped in his chair while watching his screen gradually filled with green numbers until it was the only color left. 
Suddenly, his phone rang on this office table, causing the desk to buzz along with it. In Mark’s ears, the usual melodious ring had triggered a sense of frustration and mockery in him. 
Picking up the phone, he fumed when he saw that it was Finnick’s caller ID. He almost smashed it and threw it out the office window. 
Answering the call, Finnick’s deep voice rang out from within it. 
“Mark, are you happy with the present I sent you?” 
“Finnick!” Outraged, Mark roared at the phone, “Why are you doing this? What do you want?” 
“Nothing much.” Finnick sounded languid in contrast to Mark’s desperation. “You had sent me a present earlier. Therefore, as your brother, it would be improper of me not to return the favor.” 
Mark was stunned as he wondered if Finnick had found out about what happened to Vivian. 
However, he tried his best to maintain his composure. “Finnick, you realize that by doing this you will be making enemies of me?” 
He was still confident that Finnick feared him as Finnick never challenged him for the shares of the Norton family. 
Unfortunately, he was wrong. 
Finnick sneered over the phone, “Don’t think that I haven’t done anything to you because I’m afraid of you just. If you hurt Vivian again, I will make you lose everything.”
With that, all Mark heard was the call end tone when Finnick ended the call. He was left stunned holding the phone in his hand. 
The next moment, Mark smashed his phone in anger. 
Ever since they were young, Finnick was more capable than him and was always Samuel’s favorite.
###Chapter 310
Chapter 310 
No matter what he did, he would only receive a cursory response. However, things were different when it came to Finnick. 
Finnick would always get everything first. As his elder brother, he was constantly reminded to give way to Finnick. 
However, no matter what it was, everything would go to Finnick instead of him. Even when he stood by the side watching, he would be accused of being petty. 
Therefore, disgruntled over the situation, he planned both the accident and kidnapping that resulted in Finnick becoming a cripple. 
He assumed that by doing so, he could finally keep Finnick in check. However, he did not expect Finnick to remain in the center of attention while he continued to be sidelined by those around them, as if he was a worthless existence. 
He couldn’t help but admit that Finnick was indeed the more capable one among the two of them. But, he still felt indignant that Finnick was still everyone’s favorite while he was being cast aside. 
Therefore, he was not going to let Finnick beat him this time. 
… 
Meanwhile, Vivian had just woken up after her long rest and coincidentally received a call from Fabian. 
Surprised at why Fabian called, she answered at once and heard his frantic voice over the phone.
“Vivian, is Finnick taking over my dad’s company on purpose? What happened? Has he gone mad? At the end of the day, we’re still family. How can he be so ruthless?” 
Vivian was surprised by his words and couldn’t believe them. 
She didn’t know what to say and ended the call after responding to him in a cursory manner. 
Checking her phone, the news was plastered with reports of how all Mark’s companies were in trouble. It was as if there was an invisible hand strangling Mark’s companies by their throats. 
At that moment, Finnick returned home. 
As he came into the room with Vivian’s medication, she raised her phone and asked, “Did you do this?” 
Finnick had no intention of denying. “Yes.” 
He was calm as usual and not afraid of anything. 
“Why?” Vivian was puzzled. 
“Because it was Mark and Ashley who schemed against you by faking your pregnancy.” 
Vivian was stunned. 
It’s Ashley again! 
No wonder she seemed to know something when I mention that I was pregnant. 
“What about Ashley?” Vivian asked. 
“I have locked her up. You can do whatever you want to her.” 
Vivian looked at him in surprise, “Don’t you owe her a debt of gratitude?”
“If she wants to harm you,” Finnick asserted, “I’m willing to be labeled as an ingrate.” 
Touched by Finnick’s words, Vivian gave him a thoughtful look. 
“Forget it, just lock her up for the time being. After all, she did save you before.” 
As Vivian was still weak, Finnick didn’t disturb her any further and let her rest. 
Now that he had dealt with Mark, it was Ashley’s turn. 
As he wheeled himself into the basement, he stayed outside and could hear Ashley’s hysterical screams from there. 
“Finnick, you ungrateful b*stard! Did you forget how I painstakingly dragged you to the hospital then?” 
Suddenly, Finnick froze while his expression drastically changed. He quickly wheeled himself toward Ashley. “What did you say? You dragged me then?” 
Unaccustomed to Finnick’s sudden approach, Ashley fell onto the ground in fright. 
Despite feeling guilty, she retorted defiantly, “Why? Are you trying to repay my kindness by harming me?” 
With an exasperated expression, Finnick lifted Ashley’s chin and stared into her eyes. He demanded, “Describe to me again what exactly happened then.” 
“I… I…” Ashley stuttered as she lowered her to avert his gaze. “I can’t remember anything now.” 
Sensing something was amiss, Finnick grabbed Ashley. 
“You’d better not lie to me, or else I’m going to make you suffer further!”
Ashley became fearful but she was already in an untenable situation. There was no way she could back down now. 
“I really have forgotten.” 
After pushing Ashley away, Finnick wheeled himself out. 
When he left the basement, Noah enquired about what happened. Finnick replied, “The little girl from then carried me on her back instead of dragging me. I suspect Ashley isn’t the girl from back then. Noah, send men to investigate what happened.” 
“Right away.” 
After a few days, Vivian was fully recovered and went back to the office.
###Chapter 311
Chapter 311 
When Sarah and the others saw her, they quickly came over and inquired, “Vivian, is the baby alright?” 
Vivian expression darkened as she replied, “The baby is gone.” 
They assumed that Vivian had a miscarriage. After all, when Finnick helped Vivian apply for her emergency leave, everyone figured that something must have happened to her. Hence, they gave her a sympathetic look. 
During lunchtime, everyone went out to eat. When Fabian came out of his office, he saw Vivian working on some documents alone. 
“Vivian, how are you feeling?” Fabian asked after a long hesitation. 
Vivian wasn’t bothered to look or even answer him. 
Sensing the animosity, Fabian probed further. 
“Vivian, do you know where Ashley is? And why Finnick has her locked up? Also, why did he attack my dad’s companies…” 
Amidst Fabian’s incessant questions, Vivian snapped, “You should ask your dad yourself!” 
Fabian was stunned as he tried to connect the dots. Does this have something to do with the baby? 
He gave Mark a call immediately, “Dad, did you do something to Vivian’s baby?” 
“So what if I did?” Mark replied with an exasperated tone. 
Fabian was outraged. “But you promised not to harm Vivian!”
“She chose the wrong side by standing with Finnick!” Mark was already feeling irritated and Fabian’s call just made it worse. With that, he ended the call abruptly. 
Fabian felt dismayed by his dad’s response. 
He could feel the gulf between him and Vivian growing wider. Not only could they no longer be lovers, but they were also slowly turning into enemies. 
Meanwhile, in the president’s office at Finnor Group. 
Noah barged into the room with a distressed expression. He reported softly, “Mr. Norton, I’m sorry.” 
Finnick looked up, “What is it?” 
“I have dug further into the girl that rescued you ten years ago. When you were kidnapped, Ashley was in summer camp. Therefore, there’s no way she could have saved you.” Noah felt ashamed of himself. “I got way ahead of myself when I found the clothes and forgot to verify further. It was my mistake.” 
Finnick had long felt that Ashley wasn’t the person from then and wasn’t surprised at all. Nevertheless, he still heaved a sigh of relief. 
Luckily, it wasn’t Ashley. 
However, Ashley was the only one who bought that piece of clothing in the whole of Sunshine City. If it wasn’t her, who else could it be? 
Could it be that she had lent it to someone else? Or perhaps, it was an imitation? 
Finnick felt that he had to start from scratch again. 
Just when Finnick instructed Noah to continue his investigations, Vivian called to inform him that she wanted to visit her Mom. However, she didn’t know how to break the news to her. Hence, she wanted
Finnick to accompany her there. 
“Alright,” Finnick readily agreed. He got Noah to drive home and pick Vivian up before heading to Rachel’s small apartment. 
In the end, Vivian told her mom about the pregnancy including the part where it was a lie and how Finnick had exacted revenge. 
When Rachel thought about her own terrible experiences and saw that Vivian’s circumstances were equally complicated, she couldn’t help but be overwhelmed by sadness and cried in disappointment. 
Rachel nagged, “How many times do I have to tell you that the rich lead complicated lives. Given your temperament, you would be easily swallowed up if you don’t watch out.” 
Rachel turned to Finnick and reprimanded, “Mr. Norton, I let my daughter be with you because I believe you will be responsible and take good care of her. But, if you can’t protect my daughter, please leave her alone then.” 
“Mom!” Vivian snapped at her mom. 
Vivian felt what her mom said was too much as it was hardly Finnick’s fault at all. 
However, Finnick apologized to Rachel sincerely, “That’s true, Ms. Rachel. This time, it was indeed my fault as I was careless to have let this happened to her. I’m very sorry about it.” 
“Finnick…” 
When she saw how sincere Finnick’s apology was, Rachel glared at him for a moment longer but didn’t say anything. 
“Finnick, why don’t you have a seat next door. I’ll have a chat with Mom.”
###Chapter 312
Chapter 312 
Vivian asked Finnick to leave on purpose so that her mom would stop admonishing him. He listened and headed to the study, leaving the room to the two ladies. 
Although Rachel stayed alone in that apartment, the study had everything one expected of it. 
Scanning the room, Finnick noticed a stack of photo albums in the corner. 
The one of top piqued his interest specifically. 
When he opened it, he realized it contained pictures of Vivian when she was little. 
Since he had nothing better to do, he flipped through them and felt Vivian looked adorable in the photos. 
Suddenly, when he saw a particular picture, his expression drastically changed. 
… 
Meanwhile, Vivian reassured Rachel about how well Finnick had treated her, easing her concerns a little. 
Once she was done, she went upstairs to the study and noticed Finnick’s strange expression. 
“What’s wrong?” 
Vivian was surprised to see Finnick looking through pictures of her younger days. However, she didn’t think too much of it. 
Finnick took out a photo and asked, “Is this you?”
Vivian glanced at it and casually replied, “Yes.” 
Suddenly, Finnick’s eyes glistened as he sprang up from his wheelchair and pulled Vivian into his embrace. 
Vivian was stunned feeling how forcefully he was hugging her. “Finnick, what’s gotten into you?” 
He didn’t respond as he continued to squeeze Vivian for a long while before releasing her. Lowering his gaze, he asked softly, “Vivian, do you know that I have been searching for you for ten years?” 
Knitting her brows, Vivian was utterly confused. “Ten years? What are you talking about? Are you being mistaken?” 
“Definitely not,” Finnick added. “Looking at this picture, I can recognize that it was you from all those years ago.” 
When he saw that Vivian was still baffled, he reminded her softly, “Ten years ago in the outskirts of Sunshine City. Try and recall.” 
Sitting on Finnick’s lap, Vivian tried hard to remember and looked at him in shock when she finally got it. “It was you! The boy then was you!” 
Ten years ago, Vivian was staying at the Miller residence. Ashley had gone to summer camp while Harvey and Emma were at work. 
Being alone at home, she couldn’t stop herself from wearing Ashley’s red dress and ran out to play. 
After all, no one was bothered about her. 
She didn’t dare head to the city, so she chose to visit the outskirts with which she was familiar. However, she didn’t expect to meet a youth covered in blood who now turned out to be Finnick.
Having never seen anything like that before, Vivian was utterly frightened. However, filled with a sense of justice, her petite body was suddenly bursting with boundless strength. 
She carried him on her back all the way to the hospital. 
It was during that time that Vivian tore Ashley’s dress. 
Worried that Emma would notice she had stolen it, she quickly rushed home after dropping Finnick off at the hospital. 
As the dress was covered in blood, she tried to wash it away by herself, hoping that it would go off. 
However, she had accidentally torn it while doing so. After putting it back discreetly, she didn’t dare talk about it. 
As time passed, she slowly forgot about the incident. 
Only when Finnick brought it up that she finally remembered. 
Pecking her gently on her lips, Finnick whispered in her ear. “I’m really happy that you were the one who saved me then. It seems fate has brought us together earlier than we thought.” 
Vivian blushed as she was in awe of the mysterious beauty of fate. 
When Finnick saw how embarrassed she looked, his heart softened. 
What a relief. 
The girl who saved me then is still as how I remembered her, kind and tenacious, instead of turning into a b*tch like Ashley.
The thought of Ashley caused Finnick’s expression to darken again. 
When he had assumed Ashley to be his savior, he restrained himself against her on the account that he owed her his life. Hence, he let Vivian decide what to do with her. 
But now that he knew the truth and Ashley didn’t save him, there was no need for him to hold back out of gratitude.
###Chapter 313
Chapter 313 
He planned to personally deal with her. 
Vivian asked, “What do you plan to do?” 
“You no longer have to concern yourself with this,” Finnick replied. 
Vivian had no intention of doing so either. 
Back at home, she rested for the night. When she woke up the next morning, she received a call from Harvey. He screamed over the phone, “Vivian, are you trying to get the whole Miller family killed?” 
Vivian furrowed her brows. “What happened?” 
“I’m shocked you have the cheek to ask me still? Why don’t you check the news yourself?” 
Checking her phone, Vivian realized the Miller family had been declared bankrupt. Harvey was hundreds of millions in debt and the Finnor Group was behind it all. 
Harvey berated Vivian, “You ungrateful wench! How dare you conspire with a Norton to terrorize us? What are your true intentions? Even if your surname isn’t Miller, you’re still my daughter and carry my blood. Now that your sister and I are suffering while your mom has fallen sick, not only do you not care about us, you even pushed us to the brink. What are you trying to achieve by doing all this? You’re a despicable woman and an ingrate…” 
As Harvey’s words grew more vulgar, Vivian’s hands began to tremble in anger. 
At that moment, Finnick just came out of the bathroom and could hear Harvey’s voice thundering out of the phone. He was stunned briefly, then he snatched Vivian’s phone away from her and ended the call.
“Why did you do that?” Vivian looked up at him and asked, “Why must you destroy the Miller Group?” 
“To exact revenge on your behalf. Not only for this time, but for all they have done to your mother and you for over twenty years.” 
“What about Ashley?” 
“I want to send her to an army labor camp in some backward country,” Finnick quipped. 
Vivian was stunned and quickly understood what he meant. It wasn’t hard to imagine what would happen to a beautiful girl in such a camp. 
Her heart wavered as she felt Finnick was going overboard with it. However, Finnick replied, “Don’t concern yourself with this. Just leave it to me.” 
Vivian hesitated for a moment before nodding reluctantly. 
She wasn’t a saint. After all that Ashley had done to her, she had no intention of intervening on her behalf. 
Everyone chooses their own fate. If not for Ashley’s repeated schemes against me, she wouldn’t have landed herself in this situation. 
Just when Vivian and Finnick were still talking, they suddenly heard a commotion downstairs. 
Mrs. Filder came up frantically and informed them that Mark and Fabian were at the door. 
Finnick instructed Vivian to rest in the room while he went downstairs alone. 
However, Vivian was still worried and couldn’t help but walk to the top of the staircase. There, she saw Mark and Fabian’s faces flushing red while pleading with Finnick.
They hoped that Finnick would let Ashley go as she was still a lady after all. 
Furthermore, she was pregnant and the baby was also a member of the Norton family. Therefore, they just couldn’t stand by and watch her being shipped away to some labor camp. 
This time, Mark was especially remorseful. 
Despite his ruthlessness, he still couldn’t bring himself to harm one of his own. The reason he had gotten Ashley to poison Vivian was that he assumed Ashley was Finnick’s savior and he would never harm her. 
However, he didn’t expect that Vivian was Finnick’s red line. Once someone harmed her, his gloves would come off. 
Moreover, Ashley had now been exposed for not being Finnick’s savior. 
“Finnick, can’t you let it slide this time?” Mark gritted his teeth. “After all, we are all family!” 
“Uncle Finnick, please, I’m begging you,” Fabian pleaded, “even if you want to fault Ashley, please let her go on the account of the child she is carrying.” 
“No!” They didn’t expect Finnick to stonewall them. “When you tried to harm Vivian, you should have been prepared for such consequences.” 
All Mark and Fabian felt was despair. 
They knew how ruthless Finnick was. Since he had decided not to Ashley, she was as good as dead, and that unfortunately included the child she was carrying. 
Having heard what three of them had said from the staircase, Vivian suddenly had an idea.
Just when Mark and Fabian had lost all hope, she gradually descended the steps and suggested, “It’s not entirely impossible for Finnick to release Ashley, but I do have one condition.”
###Chapter 314
Chapter 314 
Mark and Fabian looked at Vivian in shock. They had not expected her to be willing to release Ashley. 
“What is it?” Mark asked at once. 
“Transfer half the shares in Norton Corporation over to Finnick,” Vivian demanded. 
She remembered elder Mr. Norton had told her that Mark prevented Finnick from owning any shares in Norton Corporation. Therefore, she wanted to use to opportunity to Finnick’s advantage. 
“That’s impossible!” Mark declared. 
“In that case, you can forget about Ashley and the child.” Vivian declared with conviction. 
Her words caused Mark’s expression to change drastically. 
Even Finnick was shocked to hear Vivian’s proposal. 
He didn’t expect her to be aware of such matters let alone taking his interests into account during such a time. 
After hesitating for a while, Mark seethed as he replied, “Fine. I agree. Finnick, release Ashley quickly.” 
At the end of the day, Ashley and her child were simply too important to lose. 
However, Finnick ignored them and furrowed his brows at Vivian instead. “Ashley deserves to be punished for what she has done to you. You don’t have to accommodate my interest at your own expense.” 
Vivian smiled. “It’s not a problem for me at all. I really want to do something for you.”
Finnick was touched. 
Although Ashley was saved, the Miller Group wasn’t. Vivian quickly received news that Harvey, who was drowning in debt, had fled the country. 
The next day, elder Mr. Norton arrived. It was the first time he came since the fake pregnancy incident. 
He was more concerned about Vivian’s health and didn’t mention anything about the pregnancy. 
The more considerate he was, the greater Vivian’s guilt became. 
Sitting opposite him, Vivian apologized repeatedly. 
“Grandpa, I’m sorry… I have disappointed you.” 
“Poor child.” Elder Mr. Norton gave her a sympathetic look. “This isn’t your fault. I know that Ashley and Mark were behind this. Damn it, I didn’t expect that b*stard Mark to do something as horrible as this. He has really brought shame upon the Norton family.” 
Not wanting to depress Vivian further, elder Mr. Norton changed topics. He praised Vivian for what she had done about the Norton Corporation shares. 
“Thanks to you, the cloud hanging over me has been lifted.” 
Having heard his words, Vivian cheered up and replied, “There’s no benefit in keeping Ashley locked up anyway. Since they desperately want her back, we might as well exchange her for the shares in Norton Corporation. That way, Finnick will get the recognition he deserves.” 
“Good girl.” Elder Mr. Norton was touched. “You are just too kind and generous to everyone, always taking care of the interest of the others. Have you ever thought about yourself?” 
“Me?” Vivian was briefly stunned before she replied with a smile, “What’s there to think about?’
“Aren’t you afraid of Ashley coming back for revenge?” Elder Mr. Norton shook his head. “No matter what, you have to be more careful going forward.” 
After the elder Mr. Norton left, Vivian thought back to what he had just said. 
Afraid of Ashley of her revenge? 
So what if it comes, all I need is Finnick. 
After the incident had passed, Mark, Fabian, and Ashley no longer caused any trouble for Vivian. Hence, she could finally have some peace. 
After being forced by Finnick to rest at home for a few days, there was hardly anything she could do as a reporter. All she did was surf through social media. 
In the midst of going through it, she posted on her Twitter account: What I thought I had was all but a fleeting shadow. 
Just when she was about to log off, she suddenly received a private message. 
It was from “Back to the Past”, the Twitter account that previously posted about Evelyn’s situation. 
Why is that person messaging me in private? 
Vivian clicked into it. 
Back to the Past: Don’t be sad. Anything that doesn’t belong to you will leave sooner or later. Don’t be too bothered by it. 
Vivian: Mmm-hmm, thank you.
Back to the Past: It’s alright. I just felt like saying something. 
Vivian: Thank you for your comforting words. I will stay strong.
###Chapter 315
Chapter 315 
Vivian had a hunch that the opposing party was female. She couldn’t help but feel curious when she thought about the comments she saw previously. 
Vivian: I’m sure you’re a girl. How did you know about Finnick and his ex-girlfriend? 
Unfortunately, she didn’t receive a response after that. 
It was as if the other party was avoiding the question by not replying. 
Vivian found the situation strange but there was no way for her to ask any further as the other party seemed to have logged off. 
She decided to chat again the next time they met. 
After all, Vivian was curious as to who she was. 
Meanwhile, at the board meeting in Norton Corporation. 
After suffering at the hands of Finnick and Vivian, the position that Mark had secured was now gone in a blink of an eye. As the subsidiaries under him were on the verge of bankruptcy, he had no choice but to call for a board meeting to calm the markets and public’s nerves. 
He figured that this was a foreboding sign of Finnick’s plan. 
The realization made him feel extremely edgy, as if Finnick was a snake in the grass whose body had blended in with its surroundings. He was quietly watching Mark and would launch a deadly attack just when Mark was at his weakest.
Just that thought alone caused Mark to break into a cold sweat, as paranoia seemed to slowly creep into him. 
However, his concerns were not without basis. 
Just when Mark was giving a spirited presentation, the meeting room doors suddenly flung open. 
With that, in came Noah wheeling Finnick into the room. 
Mark was caught by surprise before feeling outraged. Why can’t Finnick just cut me some slack? 
To hide his panic and not let the board be aware of his incompetence, Mark slammed on the table and stood up at once. He sneered, “Finnick, what are you doing here? We are having a meeting and it’s extremely rude of you to interrupt. Even if we are members of the Norton family, it doesn’t mean that you, as a chairman of other companies, can waltz in as you please and listen in on proprietary information.” 
When they heard Mark’s words, the members of the board that were on Mark’s side voiced their support for him. 
When Mark saw that he still wielded significant influence among the board members, he heaved a sigh of relief and waited to watch Finnick embarrass himself. 
Meanwhile, Noah couldn’t stand it any longer. 
Are these bunch of old fogeys all blind? It’s obvious Finnick is the more capable one. But they prefer to stand by Mark because he is easier to manipulate. 
Despite Noah’s indignation, Finnick remained expressionless as he declared, “I now have half of the shares in Norton Corporation. So, why am I not qualified to join the board meeting?”
Just as he spoke, many of the directors’ expressions changed drastically. 
Finnick ignored them as he took his place beside Mark in his wheelchair. Skimming through the plan Mark was presenting, he sneered, “Mr. Norton’s proposal may sound perfect, but… it’s impossible to execute.” 
As Noah wheeled Finnick toward the screen, Finnick picked up a laser pen from the table and circled a few portions of it. 
“Here… here… and here…” 
“These plans might seem wonderful, but they are all within extremely competitive areas which are difficult to break into.” 
Finnick added, “Furthermore, this proposal doesn’t factor in the resistance from our competitors. Perhaps it was devised hastily and there wasn’t made for the long term, but there are no countermeasures to how our competitors react.” 
Finnick continued, “From what I can see, this isn’t even a hastily put together plan, it is more of an impractical proposal from someone who doesn’t have real experience. Therefore, Mr. Norton, if your plan is really this simplistic, you might as well just give the company up.” 
Mark was infuriated by the pressure that Finnick was piling on him but there was nothing he could do about it. 
However, Finnick wasn’t done with him yet. 
“Oh, wait.” Finnick let out a faint smirk. What he was going to say next would cause Mark to break down.
“If I recall correctly, Mr. Norton, you recently did give your company up.” 
“You…” 
Unrestrained, Finnick continued, “Recently, the company’s profits and stock price have both taken a dive, to the extent I can acquire them without much effort.”
###Chapter 316
Chapter 316 
Finnick’s words rendered the others speechless. 
He spoke nothing but the truth. There was nothing they could say to refute his argument. 
If only Finnick was as easy to manipulate as Mark… The board members sighed deeply in their hearts. 
With Finnick’s exceptional intelligence, there was no doubt that Norton Corporation would achieve greater heights. 
Alas, he acted for the Finnor Group. Unfortunately, that connoted the two companies would have to coexist as rivals. 
When Finnick left, everyone held their breath. No one dared to utter a word. They were overwhelmed by Finnick’s overpowering aura. 
Of course, some rejoiced while others were worried. 
After the board meeting concluded, Mark returned to his office. 
Upon seeing the desk full of documents waiting to be signed, he began boiling with rage. 
With a swing of his hand, all the items on the desk went flying and landed on the floor. His secretary, who heard the noise, could only tremble in fear. 
At that moment, Ashley showed up. 
She had nowhere to go after she was released, so she took shelter temporarily at Fabian’s place. 
When she caught wind that Finnick went to Norton Corporation, she grew anxious and rushed over.
“What are you doing here?” Mark huffed. 
“I’m here to see if anything happened.” 
“Of course there is!” Mark bellowed, “It’s all thanks to you and your foolish plans. That’s why Finnick was able to barge in on our board meeting! If it weren’t for the child in your womb, I wouldn’t have to give up my company shares. You’re an incompetent idiot! How dare you come to see me?” 
All those scolding only made her detest Vivian more. 
All of a sudden, a new plan came to mind. 
“Calm down,” said Ashley as she attempted to appease Mark. “I’ve thought of a new plan. I’m confident this will deal a heavy blow to Vivian and Finnick. Listen…” 
Ashley leaned over to whisper in Mark’s ear and revealed her new plan. 
Mark’s expression softened. Reluctantly, he agreed to her scheme. “I’ll trust you one last time. This time, there would better be no mishaps.” 
On the other side, Finnick arrived at his new office in Norton Corporation. It was well-furnished and looked as though Finnick had already settled in long ago. 
Xavier walked in and casually plopped himself onto the sofa, then turned to look at Finnick, who was seated on the chair. 
“Look at your smug attitude earlier on. You’re not afraid Mark would devise a scheme seeking vengeance?” 
“Xavier, how long do you think I’ve been hiding?” Finnick abruptly questioned, staring at him earnestly. 
Xavier thought hard about it and answered, “It’s been close to a decade.”
“Yeah. It’s been almost ten years,” Finnick sighed. “It’s time for me to do something.” 
His response stunned Xavier. 
As he studied Finnick’s expression, he began to wonder to himself. Mark’s done for this time… 
… 
On the other end, Vivian was feeling much better. 
She felt it was time for her to return. So, she informed Finnick, then rescinded the leave she took from Fabian earlier. 
The next day, Finnick instructed Noah to drive Vivian to the magazine company. After he left, Vivian took the elevator up on her own. 
“Morning, Vivian. Are you here to report to work?” The receptionist Jeanette hurriedly greeted her, albeit in shock. 
“Yes. Since I’m almost fully recovered, I thought it better to resume work. So, I’m back.” 
Vivian flashed Jeanette a small smile and entered the premises. 
“Vivian!” exclaimed Sarah, who was the first to notice her arrival. 
Her shrill voice alerted everyone to Vivian’s presence. They paused the work on hand and diverted their attention to the entrance. 
The scrutiny made Vivian instantly feel like she was an animal trapped in an enclosure. With all eyes on her, she endured the awkwardness and said, “Hi everyone, I’m back.”
However, they only shot her a glance before they returned to their work. 
The only reply came from Shannon, who was eager to insult her. 
“Wow! The esteemed wife of the Finnor Group’s president is here to report to work. How kind of you to grace our humble magazine company with your presence. Why didn’t you just remain at home and revel in your extravagant lifestyle?”
###Chapter 317
Chapter 317 
“At least I love my work and I yearn to return,” Vivian snapped back without hesitation. 
“Whoa, you almost had me there! If you were really that capable, why don’t you secure this interview?” Shannon challenged. 
She had faith that the latest interview assignment would be hers. 
Just then, Vivian noticed that everyone was working unexpectedly hard. 
It is not the season for interviews and there are no major headlines of late. Why is everyone so occupied? 
As she pondered about it, she turned to find out more from Sarah. 
“What have you guys been busy with?” 
Vivian’s question unleashed Sarah’s inner chatterbox as she began to prattle on about the latest assignment. 
“Vivian, your return could not be more timely. You’ve heard of Elaine—the renowned designer who just got back from abroad, right?” 
With all her time and energy fixed on dealing with Ashley, Vivian hadn’t had the mood to care about all these. 
She racked her brains for an answer to no avail. Despondently, she replied, “Um… I haven’t been keeping up with the news… I don’t know much.”
“It’s ok,” said Sarah with a smile. She was in a cheery mood despite Vivian’s unenthusiastic response. “Let me tell you all about this Elaine person. Even though she was born and bred locally, she overcame all sorts of hurdles and went on to clinch top prizes in many international competitions. She truly has a flair for design!” 
When it came to gossip, Sarah could ramble on for days. 
“Unfortunately, she’s always been hiding in the shadows. To date, no media company has ever secured an interview with her or even taken her picture! However, she recently announced that she is open for an exclusive interview. One magazine company of her choice will stand to win a chance at obtaining this special scoop! This is an opportunity of a lifetime that all our industry rivals are fighting for. Look, even the Chief Editor is working hard to get hold of this interview.” 
Sarah muttered as she pointed in the direction of Fabian’s office. 
Just as the entire office was buzzing with anticipation, Fabian stepped out. 
“Everyone, please be quiet. I have some good news.” 
The Chief Editor’s order stopped everyone in their tracks. Silence filled the air as everyone turned to look at him, their eyes glistening with hope. 
He coughed lightly and began to speak, “The good news is that Elaine has agreed to accept an interview by our magazine company.” 
Everyone cheered upon hearing his announcement. 
Then, they began speculating who was the lucky interviewer. 
Shannon haughtily lifted her chin to look at Fabian while imagining how bright her future would be after the interview.
“The person who will be in charge of Elaine’s interview this time…” Fabian’s voice began to trail as he surveyed the office. Next, he looked straight into Vivian’s eyes and announced, “Is Vivian.” 
His words were like a slap in the face for Shannon. She felt mortified by his declaration. 
That interview was already in the bag! Why? Why did this great honor go to Vivian the moment she returns? Ugh! 
“Chief Editor, I !” Shannon cried out snobbishly. The whole office turned to glance at her. 
“There’s nothing to about. This is an order and the final arrangement. Unless you want the whole magazine company to go downhill because of your discontent, I suggest you keep your emotions in check,” Fabian chided. 
That silenced Shannon. She bit hard on her lower lips and glowered at Vivian. Her eyes were filled with resentment and indignation. 
Vivian felt a pair of eyes glaring at her and turned to look, but Shannon had already regained her composure. 
When everybody heard the news, they all heaved a sigh. The atmosphere grew tense as the staff members looked bemused. 
Why is Vivian chosen for the interview? 
If it is based on qualifications and experiences, she is definitely unqualified. 
Could it be because of her notable identity as Mrs. Norton of the Finnor Group?
###Chapter 318
Chapter 318 
At the thought of that, everybody began to look at Vivian with jealousy and disdain. 
Yet, due to her being Mrs. Norton, everyone felt compelled to congratulate her. “Wow, that’s wonderful. We’re counting on you, Vivian.” 
“Congrats, Vivian!” exclaimed Sarah as she beamed from the bottom of her heart. 
To her, Vivian was a much better choice as compared to those colleagues who were absolute hypocrites. 
“Thanks,” Vivian murmured in response. However, all she could think about was the abrupt announcement. 
What is Fabian scheming? Why would he give me this opportunity? 
“What’s the reason you did that?” 
Vivian followed Fabian into his office. With a frown, she questioned, “Fabian, are you pulling my leg?” 
She didn’t mean to think ill of him, but her recent assignments had proven that Fabian always had an ulterior motive when it came to her tasks. 
“What?” Fabian was perplexed by her sudden interrogation, only realizing what she meant when he saw her defensive expression. 
He found the situation comical. 
Has it come to a point where everything I do or say is going to warrant suspicion? Am I no longer worthy of her trust? I suppose I only have myself to blame for the regression in our relationship. I hurt
her far too deep… 
However, an explanation was still necessary. 
“You’ve misunderstood me,” Fabian chuckled bitterly as he explained, “Elaine was the one who specifically asked for you.” 
Afraid his words were not going to be enough to prove it, he fished out his phone and showed Vivian the text messages between Elaine and himself. 
Vivian reached out to take his phone and started to scroll down the conversation. When she realized she misjudged him, she awkwardly uttered, “I’m truly sorry for the mistake.” 
“It’s fine. To be honest, even I’m clueless as to why she specifically asked for you. She asked if you were from our magazine company. When I confirmed it, she instantly consented to the interview. I found it odd but I couldn’t find a reason why. So, just be careful.” 
In all honesty, Fabian himself was unaware of why Elaine did all that. 
But the magazine company had been in a slump for a while. Elaine’s interview was their best bet at resurgence, so they had to take it seriously. 
No matter the reason, it was a must for Vivian to attend the interview. 
Should they offend Elaine, the future of the magazine company would be even bleaker. 
“Fine,” Vivian replied. She understood the significance of the interview and her role in it. 
However, she remained puzzled. I don’t even know this Elaine person. Why did she even ask for me?
Even though Fabian didn’t publicize Elaine’s preference, the news still traveled. By the end of lunch, the whole office was in the loop. 
That confounded everybody further. They couldn’t comprehend what it was about Vivian that the mysterious and elusive Elaine had to designate her as the interviewer. 
Several colleagues still attempted to flatter Vivian. 
“Wow, you truly live up to your title as Mrs. Norton. What special connections you have…” 
Another person chimed in, “Yeah! Run-of-the-mill folks like us could never have achieved that.” 
Despite having reservations about Elaine’s intentions, Vivian still felt the need to fulfill her duties and attend the interview. 
So she decided to put in the effort to prepare for it. 
To ensure she was well-prepared for the interview, Vivian specially searched the Internet about her. 
Sarah’s disclosure was accurate. Elaine was indeed very secretive. 
There were no photographs of her, neither was her real name reported. The only information that she could find was the many pages detailing her exceptional work.
###Chapter 319
Chapter 319 
She hailed from a prestigious alma mater and possessed an honorable degree. Elaine is practically flawless! 
Not only that, after her graduation, she went on to win numerous accolades in her field. 
According to rumors, Elaine was young and beautiful. 
Such ambiguous details made Elaine all the more enigmatic. It piqued Vivian’s interest further as she pondered about Elaine’s choice. 
She grew even more excited about the interview set to take place in three days. 
When she returned home after work, she noticed “Back to the Past” was still chatting with her. 
Vivian: You’re still here? 
Back to the Past: Yep. 
Vivian: Hey, can’t you just divulge your identity? 
Back to the Past: Nope. 
Vivian: But why? 
Back to the Past: The time is not ripe. 
Vivian: Since you know who I am, I must know who you are as well. Why can’t you just tell me? 
Back to the Past: You’ll find out soon enough. I’m going offline now. Remember, cherish all that you have at present.
Vivian: What does that mean? 
Back to the Past: Nothing, I just think you’re very blessed right now. 
Vivian: So…? 
There was no response. 
In the days that followed, their conversations were largely the same. 
What bewildered Vivian greatly was the reply that “Back to the Past” gave every single time she asked a question: You’ll find out soon enough. 
It was like being given candy. She was told there would be a surprise, yet there were no details on what it was going to be like. 
She felt the words “Back to the Past” said were always bizarre and unfathomable. 
This “Back to the Past” user on Twitter seems to be someone living around me. It’s as though they have eyes on me at all times. They know everything about me like the back of their hand… 
She gathered that it was probably someone she knew personally. Despite racking her brains hard, she couldn’t think of anyone. 
While she was bemused, she had an unsettling feeling that something terrible was going to happen sooner or later. 
It was as though something of significant importance to her was going to be robbed from her. Regardless of how much she struggled to salvage it, it still slipped out from her hands. 
“Who is this person?” Vivian mumbled to herself.
Just then, the entrance lit up. Finnick removed his shoes and placed them in the cabinet before changing to slippers. 
“Finnick, you’re back!” Vivian stuck her head out from the kitchen and patted her hands dry on her apron. 
She placed a dish on the table and instructed, “Go wash your hands. Dinner will be ready soon.” 
There were only the two of them at home, so there was no need to prepare so much food. Without Mrs. Filder around, Vivian casually whipped up two dishes. 
Although Finnick wasn’t picky about food, Vivian tried her best to avoid serving him leftovers. 
After dinner, Vivian proceeded to do the dishes. She thought of “Back to the Past” again. 
I wonder if Finnick knows the person? 
It didn’t hurt to try. After she was done with the dishes, she took out her phone and showed Finnick the Twitter page of “Back to the Past.” 
“Um… Finnick, do you know this person?” Vivian enquired with hesitation. 
He took her phone and carefully scrutinized the profile before shaking his head. 
“Nope, I don’t know him,” Finnick answered and patted Vivian’s shoulder gently. 
“Back to the Past” didn’t post much on Twitter, so it was understandable that Finnick would not have much clue. 
Based on the picture and biography section alone, there was no way they could discern the identity of “Back To The Past”. As someone who had been chatting with the person for a long time, Vivian hadn’t
even come close to uncovering his identity. 
At night, when she was bathing, Vivian accidentally dropped her phone into the water. 
She hurriedly wiped her phone dry and attempted to reboot it to no avail. 
“Finnick!” she called out. 
“Yes? What’s the matter?” Finnick responded from the other side of the door. He thought it unusual that she suddenly asked for him while bathing.
###Chapter 320
Chapter 320 
Vivian turned the tap off and speedily slipped into her clothes. Then she walked out with her broken phone. 
As she dried her wet hair, she handed the phone to Finnick and mumbled, “It fell into the water and I can’t switch it on anymore. Can you fix it?” 
Finnick pulled her onto his lap and replied, “How clumsy of you.” 
He inspected the phone and shook his head. “I can’t.” 
Since Finnick usually ferried her to work, Vivian didn’t see the need to fix her phone immediately. So she decided she was going to the repair shop after work the next day. 
Unfortunately, Murphy’s Law befell her that very day. 
The next day, the moment she stepped into the office, she could feel something was off. 
“Morning, everyone.” 
Vivian greeted everyone as usual, but no one gave her any response. 
She then realized that everyone was looking at her with an inscrutable emotion. 
Sarah rushed over and examined her peculiarly. Then, she comforted her by saying, “Vivian, don’t be too upset. After all, love is more important than a child.” 
“What…?” 
It was baffling that Sarah was saying all these.
A period of time had passed since Vivian discovered the loss of her child. 
It’s been so long. Why is everyone consoling me all of a sudden? 
Just then, Shannon appeared beside her. With a disparaging smile on her face, she began to mock Vivian, “My, my. The audacity of you… Hats off to you, really. Whose child was that? The Chief Editor’s? Or some other man’s? Or do you yourself not know who the father of the child was?” 
Vivian gaped at her in disbelief. There was no enmity between them. Who gave Shannon the right to talk to her like that? 
Meanwhile, Fabian walked out upon hearing the commotion. 
“It’s still office hours. Enough with all the gossips and get back to work!” 
Finnick’s stern warning prompted everyone to move, but their eyes never left Vivian. 
There was a hushed murmuring as they chattered amongst themselves. Vivian could make out their tones, but she couldn’t hear what they were saying. 
“I can’t believe she has the nerve to show up for work. If it were me, I would lie low after being humiliated so badly.” 
“Look at her all haggard… Maybe it’s all a ploy to win Mr. Norton back… Tsk…” 
“A pitiful person is always detestable in some way.” 
“When we first got to know her, I’ve always thought she was a kind person. Who’d know she’s like that…” 
“I know, right? Looks can be deceiving.”
“Hope she learns from her mistakes and changes for the better…” 
Fabian noticed that Vivian was being ambushed by everybody’s harsh remarks. Out of goodwill, he decided to come to her rescue. Letting out a light cough, he said, “Vivian, please come to my office.” 
“Alright.” Desperate to figure out what was going on, Vivian followed behind him. He’s probably the only one who can tell me the truth right now. 
Fabian summoned her to the Chief Editor’s office and took one look at her careworn visage. He instantly assumed it was due to the incident that morning. 
Worried for her, he glanced at her tenderly and inquired, “Vivian, are you alright? I didn’t expect things to turn out that way. I didn’t think Uncle Finnick would…” 
He hesitated before continuing. “I mean, of course, I believe you. Still, they’re not wrong. Some matters must be hard to explain… Be that as it may, the child’s already gone. Just let the past remain as it is. I’m sure Uncle Finnick will understand. He’ll definitely forgive you…” 
Fabian paused for a moment before continuing, “Also, I apologize if Ashley has created more trouble for you during this period. Please accept my apology on her behalf. At the end of the day, she’s still your sister. Don’t take it to heart.” 
“Fabian, what exactly are you talking about?” 
His words were baffling to her. 
“Fabian, tell me what exactly you mean by all that.
###Chapter 321
Chapter 321 
“Is there something wrong with everyone today? You’re all being so weird. All the things you’re saying are out of the ordinary. Am I missing something?” 
“What? Vivian, do you not know?” Fabian glanced at her in shock. 
“Is there something I should know?” She looked back at him in bewilderment. Could there be something that everyone knows and I don’t? Something related to me? 
“Did you not look at your phone today?” Fabian found it bizarre. According to Vivian’s daily routine, scrolling Twitter in the morning was first on the list. How could she be unaware of the news? 
Is she feigning ignorance? At the thought of that, Fabian shook his head. How could that be? 
“No, my phone spoilt after the water went in last night. I tried switching it on to no avail. I’ve yet to get it fixed. I was actually planning on going later after work. Why?” 
“I see.” 
Everything made sense now. 
Because her phone was down, she didn’t get to surf Twitter in the morning. That was why she didn’t know what happened. 
Maybe that’s for the better. If she sees the news, she is going to be devastated. 
Despite feeling that way, Fabian still felt she had the right to know about the issue. There was no good in keeping her in the dark.
He took his phone out and pulled up the news that was published that morning. Then he passed the phone to Vivian. 
She reached over to take it. Her brows furrowed upon realizing the reason behind everybody’s strange looks and occasional sighs. 
Breaking news! 
Mrs. Norton committed adultery! The president of Finnor Group, Mr. Finnick Norton, lost the ability to have children after becoming disabled. He’s been made into a cuckold! 
As it turned out, somebody posted on Twitter that morning saying that the president of the Finnor Group, Finnick Norton, was infertile due to his disability. There was a chance he wouldn’t be able to bear offspring. 
What a preposterous claim. Even though people see him seated in a wheelchair, they can’t possibly think that way. Vivian felt it was incredulous that people had such wild conjectures. 
The post continued to say: More importantly, Vivian Norton was once pregnant. 
Unfortunately, everyone was unaware that her pregnancy was bogus. It was all a scheme that Ashley plotted. 
Everybody bought into that and really thought that Vivian was truly pregnant and had a miscarriage. 
People then put two and two together. The news of Finnick’s sterility along with Vivian’s pregnancy led people to believe that she actually went and conceived a child with some other man. 
When she reached the comments section of the post, she saw that the majority of the people were hurling insults at her and feeling unjust for Finnick.
One random user: Mr. Norton is so pitiful! Vivian Norton, why won’t you treasure his unconditional love? 
Another random user: Stupid b*tch Vivian Norton! How dare you trample his love for you? Can’t believe you even cheated on him. 
Another random user: I hate you, Vivian Norton! Shameless s*ut. 
The spiteful comments were incessant. Every comment was harsher than the previous one. 
Vivian looked at the comments in shock and felt enraged. She turned to look at Fabian and asked, “Oh my goodness. How could they talk about us like that? Fabian, do you know who the culprit behind the original post is?” 
Fabian shook his head. “I still don’t know yet. This is from an anonymous forum that’s well-known in the industry. They’ve never revealed their sources. I’ve tried checking their webpage and hacking into the system to no avail. There’s really nothing I can do.
###Chapter 322
Chapter 322 
Fabian wanted to clear Vivian’s name so badly from all those nasty comments. 
All of a sudden, an idea flashed into his mind. 
“Vivian. Uncle Finnick… Is it true that Uncle Finnick is impotent? Then, you and him… “ 
Before Fabian could finish his sentence, Vivian interrupted sternly. “Bullsh*t! Of course, it’s not true!” Vivian gave Fabian a death stare. 
It suddenly dawned on Vivian that what Finnick had been through for the past ten years. 
Those rumors had given him a really hard time. He suffered a great loss of dignity as a man. However, he swallowed his pride to protect the people around him as well as to take revenge against the people who had insulted and abused him. All those years, he had been struggling emotionally. Yet, nobody was there for him. He was there to face those challenges all alone. 
Vivian felt the need to see Finnick at that moment. She wanted to hug him and give him strength so desperately. 
You’ve been through a lot for the past ten years! 
She couldn’t wait any longer. All Vivian wanted was to be in front of Finnick right then. 
She had no intention of talking with Fabian anymore. No matter what she said, nobody was going to believe her or Finnick anyway. 
“There’s something I need to take care of, so I might need to take the day off.” 
After her speech, she left his office angrily.
Right after Vivian left, everyone in the magazine company erupted into a fierce discussion. 
“Hey, did you see that? Someone is ashamed…” 
“Perhaps her attempt to get Mr. Norton to rescue her had failed. Hahaha…” 
The crowd stopped their discussion when Vivian gave them an angry stare. However, they couldn’t help but give Vivian an odd stare. Vivian couldn’t even stay at the magazine company a minute longer. 
She decided to rush to Finnor Group as soon as possible and ask Finnick for answers immediately. She had to figure out who was the mastermind behind everything. 
After she went downstairs, Vivian took a taxi to Finnor Group. As expected, everybody in the company strangely looked at her. They must have seen the news. 
“Look! There she comes. Mrs. Norton is here. She seems to be rushing. Do you think the news is true?” 
“I think so. After all, Mr. Norton is a cripple. It’s hard to tell.” 
“I thought she was pregnant before? So, who’s the father? I remember Mr. Norton was quite happy at that time. It shouldn’t be… “ 
“Who knows? You should know that cats hide their claws.” 
“Stop it. She’s getting closer. What if she overheard our conversation?” 
They gathered in small groups and discussed amongst themselves. They kept looking at her occasionally as if they were afraid that she would find out. 
She had no time to take care of the way they looked at her and all those rumors. In no time, Vivian took Finnick’s private elevator and went to his office right away.
Finnick… 
At that moment, the only thing in her mind was to see Finnick… She didn’t care about any other things. 
Even the secretary outside his office was unwilling to greet her and let her in directly. Vivian didn’t mind that either. 
The secretary couldn’t help but think of the news as she saw Vivian walking in anxiously. She must be here to explain herself to Mr. Norton. I feel so sorry for him… 
Even though Finnick was disabled, he was a good man. He had been treating his employees well all the time, even towards a low-ranking staff like her. 
The last time when he found out that Vivian was pregnant, Finnick was thrilled. It seemed to be against his cool image. Mr. Norton must be heartbroken to know this! 
As she thought about that, she couldn’t help but gave Vivian a dirty look. 
Meanwhile, Finnick was signing some documents when Vivian stepped in. 
Seeing Finnick being hard at work, Vivian felt a sense of relief all of a sudden. So what if nobody is going to believe us? Nothing matters as long as we trust each other. 
As if Finnick was telepathic, he looked up and saw Vivian standing at the door.
###Chapter 323
Chapter 323 
Vivian was panting at that time. Finnick was surprised to see her and quickly wheeled himself to her side. He took Vivian’s hands and asked, “What are you doing here? Why are you looking so anxious?” 
“Have you seen the news this morning?” Vivian asked tentatively as she wasn’t sure if Finnick was aware of it. 
“Are you referring to the news about you and me?” Only then did Vivian realize Finnick had already seen it. But, he didn’t seem to panic at all. It was in contrast to Vivian, who rushed to his office immediately. 
“Yes. You don’t know this. They…” Seeing that Finnick was calm, Vivian felt sorry for him. How could they spread rumors like that when they knew nothing about the situation? 
Finnick was not a cripple at all. He was only pretending to be one. The claim that he was impotent was even ridiculous! 
Finnick merely chuckled, as if he wasn’t bothered by those rumors at all. 
Finnick got up from the chair. He wrapped his arms around Vivian and sat down on the sofa. “It’s fine. Don’t worry about it. Do you know what the most effective way is to refute rumors?” 
Vivian raised her head and looked at him in confusion. What does he mean? Has he thought of a solution already? 
“Hmm… Tell me! What is it?” Vivian panicked. She didn’t mind about herself, but she couldn’t tolerate how they thought of Finnick.
Over the years, he had been living a hard life for acting like a cripple. It killed her to see him being vilified like that. 
Finnick came closer to Vivian. He tucked her hair behind her ears, gently caressing her face with an affectionate look in his eyes. 
Initially, Vivian was very worried. However, her face slowly turned red by his touch. 
“Didn’t you say you’ve got a plan? What is it?” Vivian asked in an awkward tone. She felt her heart skipped a beat by the way Finnick looked at her. 
He noticed that Vivian was shy. Looking at her blushing face, Finnick couldn’t help but feel love overflowing from his heart. He kissed Vivian gently on the corner of her lips and held her waist tightly. Then, he put his entire body weight right on top of Vivian and pinned her on the sofa. 
“The plan is… You’re going to have my baby now.” After whispering softly in her ear, Finnick kissed her passionately. At the same time, he ran his hands all over her body and slowly removed her clothes. 
His warm lips kissed their way down her neck and all the way down… 
Vivian wasn’t expecting that at all. She pressed her hands softly against Finnick’s chest and turned her head to look at the door. She was nervous. “We’re in the office. This is not a good idea.” 
“Don’t worry. It’s soundproof here. Now, focus.” 
After saying that, Finnick nibbled her neck as if he was punishing her for being distracted. How could she still think about those things at this moment? 
“Ugh…” 
Vivian couldn’t help but moan softly. His nibble was so seductive that it made her toes curl.
Finnick was aroused by her moaning. He started becoming more aggressive. He reached out to grab the remote control on the coffee table, switched off the lights, and pulled the curtains. His series of movements were swift. 
Finally, Vivian gave up struggling and immersed herself in the feeling of his touch gradually. She hooked her arms around his neck and let her body responded to his. 
Their clothes were all scattered on the floor. 
The room was filled with a romantic atmosphere. 
Vivian’s worries were all gone. Finnick had successfully distracted her from all her anxious thoughts. 
Finnick is right. So what if rumors spread like wildfire? As long as we have faith in each other, we shouldn’t worry about how those clowns thought about us. 
Vivian hugged Finnick tightly at the thought. 
After they finished everything, they cuddled on the sofa. 
Meanwhile, Vivian’s face turned as red as a cherry. She felt so embarrassed that she wanted to bury her head in the sand. How could I do that… We did that in Finnick’s office! What if people find out about that? How am I going to face them? How embarrassing! 
Looking at the way Vivian buried her face in his chest and was reluctant to look up, Finnick knew that she felt embarrassed. However, he couldn’t help but tease her.
###Chapter 324
Chapter 324 
Finnick jokingly said, “Isn’t it too late to be embarrassed? Who was the one that… “ 
“Shut up, Finnick!” As she heard that, Vivian quickly covered Finnick’s mouth with her hands to stop him from saying anything. 
Finnick wasn’t like that before. She used to think that he was an elegant and well-mannered gentleman. Never did she expect that he could be the opposite in private. 
However, Vivian couldn’t deny that she actually liked this side of Finnick. Nobody would ever have the chance to see that side of Finnick. It only belonged to her exclusively. 
Finnick really enjoyed looking at how nervous and annoyed Vivian was. He felt a rush of warmth in his heart, like warm sunlight hitting him on a cold winter’s day. His mind was at ease. 
After that, he left a kiss in the palm of Vivian’s hand and looked at her with a smile. 
Vivian couldn’t help but feel her heart pounding at Finnick’s action. She lowered her head in embarrassment and avoided his gaze. 
Finnick knew her very well. He understood that if he kept on messing with Vivian, she might get mad. Hence, he didn’t say anything further but held her close in his arms with a gentle smile. 
After a long while, Vivian was able to calm herself down. Suddenly, she remembered the reason she came. 
She lifted her head and stared at Finnick seriously. “Do you have any idea about what’s going on with the morning news?”
Finnick had been calm since she got there. Thus, she thought Finnick might know what happened. 
He mulled over it for a while, thinking whether he should let Vivian know the truth. Finnick didn’t want her to be worried about all those things. He only wanted her to be happy by his side, but not being hurt by rumors. 
However, Vivian had the right to know as she was involved in it. Furthermore, if he told her, she would be extra cautious in the future. It was actually a good way to prevent her from getting hurt by people with bad intentions. 
As he stared at Vivian’s curious look, he said, “I guess I know who is behind all of these.” 
“You really do? Who is it? Why is he spreading such rumors?” Upon hearing Finnick’s words, Vivian got agitated immediately. She desperately wanted to know who was the one that slandered them. 
Finnick smiled at her. He loved the way she worried for him. It showed that he was an important person in her life. 
Finnick didn’t answer her question. Instead, he asked, “Who could it be? Who has been making all the effort to destroy us all this while?” 
Vivian thought about it for a while. Finnick’s words meant that the person who did this wasn’t targeting them for the first time. Could it be… 
Even though she was unwilling to believe it, she guessed tentatively. “Could it be Ashley and Mark?” 
“I suppose so. I can’t think of anyone else except for them,” Finnick sneered. 
Did they think that I wouldn’t find out? Ha! They are clearly underestimating me! There is nothing in this world that I couldn’t find out if I wanted to.
Last time, he was kind enough to let them off easily and decided to drop the whole thing. Not only were they unrepentant, but they also became worse. Hence, he would not go easy on them anymore. 
He would never again let them hurt Vivian and himself. 
Upon hearing Finnick’s words, Vivian couldn’t hold in her anger anymore. 
So it is them again. How can they do this to me and Finnick repeatedly? What is their purpose? One is Finnick’s biological brother, and the other is my biological sister. How can they do this to their sibling? Do they only care about their personal benefits? 
Vivian was truly mad. Finnick held her hands and comforted her, “To be frank, I knew they are not going to give up so easily. Based on Mark’s personality and his style of doing things, he will not let us off easily. They will definitely think of ways to take revenge against me. But, I’m ready now. They are not going to cause any harm to us anymore. You don’t have to worry.”
###Chapter 325
Chapter 325 
“What have you prepared?” Vivian asked. How could she not worry even if Finnick told her not to? Finnick was the man she loved the most. She could not just watch Finnick being set up like that and do nothing. 
Finnick purposely kept her in suspense. He asked with a cunning expression, “Ashley has been mean to you. Do you want to take revenge against her?” 
Vivian was stunned. She didn’t understand what Finnick was trying to say. Besides, it was her first time seeing Finnick like that. His eyes twinkled with mischief like a boy who was going to play some tricks. He looked totally different from his usual self. 
She was confused. “Didn’t we already agree to let Ashley go?” 
“That was because Ashley is pregnant. After all, the child is a Norton. Even if he wasn’t, I would never do anything to a kid. However, what if she isn’t even pregnant?” 
What? Ashley is not pregnant! How is that possible? So, Fabian… 
Vivian looked at Finnick in complete shock. She couldn’t believe what he just said. 
“Are you saying that Ashley is pretending to be pregnant?” Finally, Vivian came to a sudden realization and said, “It can’t be. Have you checked? Are you sure?” 
Vivian hadn’t recovered from her shock. She was dumbfounded. 
“I’ve gotten Noah to look into this.” Finnick stared at her in amusement. “Absolutely true.” 
Vivian knew that Noah was reliable. Since Finnick said so, it must be true.
She never expected that Ashley had the guts to fake her pregnancy. 
Finnick couldn’t help but chuckled lightly to see her shocked expression. 
She looked indescribably adorable. 
He tapped her nose affectionately and said in a low voice, “Come on. Let’s get ready for a good show.” 
“Show? What show?” Vivian asked with a puzzled look. Did he plan something secretly? 
Vivian was confused. Finnick patted her head gently and assured her, “Don’t worry. I’m going to make them pay the price.” 
Finnick’s eyes were filled with love. Vivian’s face became red as she looked him in the eye. She reached out her hands and hugged him tightly, leaning into his arms. 
“Why are you so kind to me?” She was on the verge of tears. Vivian was so thankful to God for bringing Finnick to her side. “Thank you so much… “ 
“I’m the one who should be thanking you.” Finnick’s eyes flickered slightly. He lowered his head and looked at her. 
Vivian gave him a perplexed look. “What are you thanking me for?” 
Thank you for appearing in my life. 
Finnick had an answer, but he only spoke those words in his heart. 
After what happened ten years ago, his life was full of darkness. He once thought that he was not going to love or care for a person anymore. From then onwards, his heart turned completely cold. He once thought that there would be no happily ever after for him.
However, Vivian was like a ray of sunlight, appearing in his life and walking him through the dark. How could he not be grateful for having such a person in his life? 
Finnick didn’t tell Vivian his thoughts. Instead, he simply lowered his head and gave a kiss between her eyebrows. “Let’s go.” 
As he spoke, Vivian wheeled him out of the office. 
The secretary couldn’t help but roll her eyes when she saw Vivian coming out. However, Finnick gave her a cold-eye stare. She was scared and lowered her head immediately. 
As they walked away, a cold voice came from the elevator. “If you dare disrespect Vivian again, then please be prepared to leave Finnor Group.” 
“Yes, yes, yes! Mr. Norton, I promise I won’t do that again. Mrs. Norton, please forgive me,” she said in fear. 
“It’s fine. Let’s go,” Vivian replied. 
After that, Finnick brought her to a restaurant.
###Chapter 326
Chapter 326 
When they arrived at the restaurant, Vivian helped Finnick to get out of the car. The usher outside the door welcomed them warmly as soon as he saw them. 
“Mr. Norton, are you coming for a meal with Mrs. Norton? We have a private room upstairs.” The usher quickly asked when he saw Finnick’s wheelchair, “Do you need help? I’ll get someone right away.” 
Upon speaking, the usher tried to push his wheelchair. 
“It’s fine. I’ll take care of it.” Vivian tilted her body to avoid the action. 
The other guests couldn’t help but sigh as they saw the way those ushers treated Finnick and Vivian. They had never experienced such warm reception before. However, those ushers didn’t care about how they thought. 
After all, he was Finnick Norton. If he were happy, the revenue of the restaurant would be a few times higher. Thus, their pay would definitely be a few times higher as well. So, how could they not be friendly towards Finnick? 
“It’s alright. We’ll just stay on the first floor for a while,” Finnick answered calmly. 
“Sure, sure! This way, please.” The usher bowed politely and welcomed them. 
Vivian wheeled Finnick into the restaurant. In fact, she still didn’t quite understand the reason for being there. They didn’t come here for a meal often. Furthermore, it wasn’t mealtime then. 
But she was feeling a little bit hungry. Perhaps… I’ve used up all my energy back in the office.
Vivian’s face blushed at the thought. It reminded Finnick what happened earlier as well when he looked up and saw the red blush on Vivian’s face. His lips curled into a smirk. 
Finnick told Vivian to push him to a table at the corner of the restaurant. It was a quiet and private area with a partition screen there. 
“Finnick, why are we here?” 
“You’ll find out soon.” He looked at the other side with his dark eyes. 
Vivian was confused. She followed his gaze and saw the people on the other side. Instantly, the anger in her chest started burning. 
Mark, Fabian, and Ashley were sitting somewhere not far from them and eating. 
Vivian wanted to step forward and question them at that moment. She desperately wanted to know why they did such a thing. I don’t understand. After all, we are a family. How could they be so heartless? Did they have to drive Finnick up to the wall? 
Finnick grabbed Vivian right in time. “Calm down. They will begin to quarrel among themselves in a bit.” 
“Huh?” Vivian didn’t understand what he was trying to say, but she trusted Finnick. Therefore, she stopped and waited for Finnick’s instruction. 
Finnick grabbed her hand and made her sit beside him. “Soon, you’ll know.” 
Vivian looked at Finnick’s confident expression. Then, she turned and took a glance at Fabian, Mark, and Ashley. She sat beside Finnick silently and waited patiently for what was going to happen next. 
On the other side, Fabian was obviously unhappy. The last thing he wanted to do was to let Ashley have a meal together with his father.
Meanwhile, Ashley looked extremely happy. She was trying so hard to please both the father and son. 
“Mr. Norton, have a taste of this. It’s delicious.” Ashley passed Mark the dishes attentively. “Fabian, have a try too.” 
She was in a good mood that day after seeing those angry tweets about Vivian on Twitter. Hence, she was having a good appetite. 
On the contrary, Mark appeared calm. 
Mark and Ashley were having a discussion. They couldn’t imagine how embarrassing Finnick would be once the news was released. 
Fabian’s face was full of worries, “Will it be too much to Vivian?” 
“What do you know?” Mark reprimanded upon hearing Fabian. “You’re so soft-hearted! How are you going to achieve something great?” 
Fabian wanted to refute his words. After much thought, he decided to swallow his words. He knew that it’s useless to say anything. However, he had made up his mind to protect Vivian. 
Meanwhile, Vivian and Finnick remained seated at the hidden corner. Fabian and the rest couldn’t see them, but Vivian and Finnick could see them very clearly. 
All of a sudden, Fabian received a call. 
“Hello, what’s the matter?” The person on the other line said something to Fabian. His facial expression changed instantly. “What? Is that true? Are you serious? Are you sure? It can’t be! What exactly is going on? Did you check properly? Are you sure it is not a mistake?
###Chapter 327
Chapter 327 
“I see.” Fabian’s grip on his phone tightened. “Thank you for informing me.” 
Ashley looked on apprehensively, sensing that the man was growing livid. Grabbing onto his arm, she asked nervously, “F-Fabian, is something wrong?” 
Fabian hung up the call and directed a glare so cold that it sent chills down the lady’s spine. Then, shrugging her arm away, he boomed, “Ashley Miller, how much longer are you going to lie to me!” 
At the side, Mark was taken aback by the outburst. “Calm down Fabian! You’re going to scare the baby! Ashley, are you good? Does your stomach hurt?” 
“I’m fine, Mr. Norton.” But mentally, she was nowhere close to being fine. Her heart was thumping wildly, and she feared for the worst. 
“What’s with the tantrum, Fabian!” Mark bellowed. 
“Tantrum? Do you think I’m that childish? Oh, speaking of “child,” do you have anything you want to explain?” The question was directed at Ashley. 
The lady’s heart skipped a beat as a surge of fear overtook her. “H-Huh? What do you mean? Is this some prank?” 
She really hoped it was an April Fool’s joke. 
“Really! You’re still not going to admit the truth till now? Do you really want me to go as far as to produce the medical certificate that you’re not at all pregnant? Now then, you’re going to ask how I know this. Well, the lovely doctor you’re in cahoots with has left the hospital! Some other doctor took his place, and luckily has some form of respect for the Doctor’s Oath to tell me everything!”
Fabian was fuming as he continued his tirade, “I seriously can’t imagine how you manage to live with the guilt every day while others show so much affection to the so-called “baby” inside of you. I hope you’ve had fun fooling the entire family and me.” 
“I-It’s not…” Ashley tried to defend herself, but words failed her. 
Instead, she broke down on the spot, drowning out the flurry of emotions with her pouring tears. Her mind was in a chaotic mess. On one hand, she cursed at the doctor’s betrayal. I gave him so many incentives, and yet he has the audacity to walk out on me like this… 
On the other hand, extreme fear overwhelmed her as she felt Fabian’s cold gaze lingering on her. 
She was also terrified that all her efforts all this while would just go down the drain in an instant. 
Fueled by desperation, she picked herself up and scrambled towards the man, begging for his forgiveness. 
“I lied because I love you! I can’t live without you! Please, Fabian… Don’t leave me…” 
“Get your filthy hands off me!” came his merciless response as he struggled to unlatch the lady from his body. 
But the lady refused to budge. Hanging onto him like a drowning passenger hanging onto a buoy, she continued exclaiming, “When you wanted to break up with me that time, anxiety overtook my rationality. I loved you too much to let you go. I’ll die if you’re not with me! P-Please… Fabian… Please forgive me this once and don’t leave me… “ 
Back then, Ashley really did wish she had gotten pregnant when she drugged Fabian. Unfortunately, things did not go her way following the night at the hotel.
Ever since then, Fabian had been cautious around Ashley, and thus the lady had no other means to try again. 
When Fabian asked for a breakup, Ashley was out of playing cards. No matter how pitiful she acted, the man was determined to leave her. Out of desperation, she conjured a playing card herself, and that was how the whole pregnancy saga began.
###Chapter 328
Chapter 328 
Ashley knew Fabian too well. She knew that the man would soften his resolve to leave because of the child. Moreover, so long as Ashley carried his child, the man would always accommodate to her and any of her follies. 
And the lady knew very well that Fabian was a man who valued the virtue of responsibility. Therefore, carrying a child was also equivalent to earning a marriage certificate. 
She had everything planned out for the future. While Fabian was by her side, she would make him fall for her bit by bit, and hopefully, try to become legitimately pregnant. 
But now, everything was all for naught. Before her was a seething partner who hated her, along with a fuming Mark who equally detested her lies. 
Mark was willing to give up part of his shares thinking that he could use the child to gain more authority in the board of directors, and subsequently earn the elder Mr. Norton’s trust and inherit more rights. 
Now that Ashley’s fa?ade was revealed, he could not help but feel utterly foolish for all the needless investments he made. 
Out of a moment’s rage, the man delivered a harsh slap to Ashley’s cheeks, sending her flying to the ground. 
Consequently, blood seeped from the side of her lips, mixed with her tears, and dripped off her chin. 
Despite so, Ashley was relentless in her pleads. Crawling over to grab Mark by the hems of his pants, she begged, “Mr. Norton, I-I shouldn’t have lied to you! But please give me another chance. I’ll get pregnant this time around. Please forgive me! Don’t make me leave Fabian!”
“Scram!” bellowed Mark as he lifted his leg and kicked her in the stomach, causing the lady to double over once again. 
A shriek echoed throughout the room, followed by a series of uncontrollable sobs. 
For a moment, Fabian felt bad for her. “Let’s just leave her be and go.” 
But then it hit him. If not because of Ashley, I may just be living a blissful married life with Vivian by now. Thinking of that made his blood boil, and he contemplated lashing out at the lady once again. 
But like Mark, he was too mentally exhausted by then to argue with Ashley any longer. 
As the pair took their leave, Ashley scrambled to make them stay once more. The words that came from her were the same as before. “Don’t leave me alone,” “I love you Fabian,” and “I’m sorry.” They were also as ineffective as before. 
Vivian watched on at the side as Ashley wept her eyeballs out. Unlike the other customers in the restaurant who watched the scene unfold like it was an entertainment show, Vivian’s feelings bordered on being nonchalant. 
She could not feel sympathy for the lady. Instead, watching her go from being the spoilt little princess in the Miller family to the damsel she was only brought a sense of woefulness. 
Ashley, do you feel the pain? Let this pain be carved into your heart forever so that you can understand the agony I have gone through for the past two years because of you. Vivian sighed as unpleasant memories came flooding back. Back then, her life plummeted overnight because of Ashley. Walking on the school campus, all she got was onlookers’ judgmental stares and hushed gossips. 
Worst still, Fabian disappeared without a trace, plunging her further into an abyss of negativity.
Unlike me, you brought this predicament upon yourself, Ashley. Why did you have to inflict so much pain on me? Do you know how close I was to losing it back then? If my mother wasn’t around, I may not even be standing here today.
###Chapter 329
Chapter 329 
But in a twist of fate, her pain also brought her and her future husband together. 
She smiled upon realizing this, thinking how lucky she was that Finnick appeared at the right place and at the right time two years back. 
Across her, the said man sniggered at the saga that had just unfolded. “This is just the beginning. I’ll be sure to deal with Mark too and make him pay.” 
“Mm,” Vivian responded with relief that she was on the same side as Finnick. After all, the man was merciless when it came to revenge, as evident. 
“Okay, the show’s over. Let’s dig in!” There was no trace of sympathy or guilt in the man’s countenance. It was almost as if executing all these ploys was a mere walk in the park. 
The waiter noted Finnick’s signal and came over to take the couple’s orders. “… And we’ll get this. Thanks. Also, do you mind getting that hysterical lady out of the restaurant? It’s kind of annoying.” 
“I’ll see to it, Mr. Norton.” 
In a moment’s time, Ashley was evicted from the premise despite great reluctance. The lady screamed her lungs out like a patient from the mental hospital—a stark contrast from her usual elegant appearance. 
Vivian’s mind wheeled in a flurry of emotions as she had her meal. On one hand, she wanted Ashley to feel the agony she felt in the past. On the other hand, she could not help but feel taken aback by how cruel Finnick could be. After all, the man took away what Ashley needed the most. It was equivalent to switching off her life support.
By the time she reached home, Vivian felt nothing but lethargy. 
… 
On the following day, Vivian had an errand—conducting an interview with the popular designer, Elaine. 
Elaine had her own work studio in a small alley located in the bustling city center, where the land was considerably expensive to purchase. 
When Vivian arrived, the first thing she noticed was the workplace’s classy décor. The sleek design exuded a sense of sophistication. The next thing she realized was how relatively empty the studio was that day. 
She was soon directed to the meeting room upon arriving. Not before long, the star of the interview arrived. 
“Apologies for the wait, Ms. William.” 
Elaine stepped into the room and greeted her. The designer boasted a clean shoulder-length hairstyle that complemented the outline of her face aptly. Her outfit for the day was a simple white formal top and wide-cut black pants, giving off an air of elegance that resembled the workplace’s interior design. To top it off, the lady had a pleasant voice that suited her unmatched beauty. 
Vivian was awed by how she looked even more charming in real life as compared to the photos she saw online. No compliments could sufficiently justify the living perfection she was seeing. 
And her portfolio is amazing! Whoever marries her in the future must be extremely lucky. If I were a man, I would marry her without hesitation too. She’s simply the cream of the crop amongst all the beauties there are out there.
Though, an odd sense of déjà vu bothered her. Vivian thought Elaine looked familiar, but she could not pinpoint how she could have ever met her before. 
Moreover, if Vivian did meet Elaine before, she would definitely have an impression of her, given how unforgettable she looked. 
I need to stop my overthinking.
###Chapter 330
Chapter 330 
“No worries, I’ve just arrived. Nice to meet you, I’m Vivian William.” 
“Glad to meet you too, Ms. William. I’m very honored to be interviewed by you. Do call me Elaine.” 
“It’s more of my honor to be able to talk to you, Elaine.” 
Following the courteous exchange, the pair settled down. Vivian quickly got down to work by fishing out her notepad of questions and began the interview. 
It was a short question-and-answer kind of interview. The questions ranged from asking about her recent achievements, her ideal type, and how satisfied she was with her life currently. 
Elaine answered every question thoughtfully without a hint of impatience, unlike some other celebrities Vivian had interviewed before. This made Vivian even more certain that Elaine was the definition of perfection. 
When the questioning ended, Vivian took out her camera, intending to snap some shots. It was a common practice. 
But Elaine refused. “Sorry, I have to decline.” 
“Why?” Vivian was perplexed, though she still kept her camera away out of respect and professionalism. 
“Now is not the time yet,” came her cryptic reply. Her tone sounded different when she said that. The smile plastered on her face seemed less genuine than before too.
Vivian immediately felt a sense of foreboding, as if something was going to go terribly wrong and rob her of her happiness soon. 
But she was unable to read between the lines to figure out what the lady was implying. Or perhaps, she subconsciously refused to read deeper into her response, fearing that the truth might break her. 
“Why did you specify me as your interviewer?” Vivian finally could not contain her curiosity any longer. 
Elaine smiled at the inquiry as if she long expected her to ask. 
With tell-tale honesty, she replied, “I’m interested in the president of the Finnor Group, and heard that you’re his wife.” Her polite smile never left her face. 
“Ah. I see.” 
Vivian twitched slightly at her answer. Interested in Finnick? What does she mean? A love rival? Vivian shuddered at the thought. If so, there’s no way I can compare to her. 
But she quickly caught herself and her spiraling thoughts. What are you thinking? Finnick loves you. Don’t ever doubt that. 
Vivian took a quick breath and recollected her thoughts. Maybe she just admires Finnick for his charm and capabilities, that’s all. 
Before Vivian could continue, Elaine asked, “Are you guys doing fine? How’s the marriage?” 
“We’re doing well. Finnick is very nice to me. I love him, and he returns the affection without qualms.” For a moment, Vivian felt like she was a teenager talking about her first boyfriend. 
“I see. I’ve heard of the V.M Fund set up by the Finnor Group. He must really love you.”
Vivian noticed a lace of sadness when she said that. “Elaine, I believe you have someone who loves you as much. You’re so lovely after all.” 
Elaine looked up and noticed Vivian with a smile that was meant to be comforting. But unbeknownst to the lady, all Elaine could feel was a sense of irritation. Nevertheless, she did not let it show. “Actually, I do have someone like that. I love him a lot, and he’s very nice to me.” 
“Who is it?” asked Vivian almost instantly out of immense curiosity. This was news to her. 
“All I can reveal to you is that we’re temporarily not together for now. But I’m certain that I still have a place in his heart. I would like to believe that I’m irreplaceable and that I would always be his true love. Do I sound really inane saying this, Ms. William?” Elaine responded with a smile that did not reach her eyes.
###Chapter 331
Chapter 331 
Vivian sensed her reluctance to elaborate further. Nevertheless, she offered her reassurance. “You’re an amazing lady. I believe that your partner still loves you deeply.” 
“I hope so. You’re so lucky, Ms. William. I believe many other ladies, myself included, are really envious of what you have.” 
Vivian chuckled at her seemingly playful tease. “Everyone will meet their Mr. Right one day. Trust the workings of fate.” 
Elaine sighed, “Everyone may be able to meet their Mr. Right one day, but not everyone can go on to have a blissful relationship afterward. Unlike you, Ms. William.” 
“But I believe that what’s yours will be yours. Everyone will get their deserved happiness eventually.” 
Vivian smiled amusedly at the statement. “I sure hope so.” 
When the interview officially ended that day, Elaine gifted Vivian an exquisite bottle of perfume as a note of thanks. It had no label on it, but Vivian could tell that it was likely very expensive. 
There was no way she could take such a costly gift. 
“It’s too much, Elaine! I can’t accept it.” 
The designer patted her shoulder. “Treat it as me showing affection for a newfound friend. Unless you don’t want to be acquainted with me?” 
“Of course I do!” Then, after some hesitation, she continued, “If that’s the case, I’ll take the gift. Thank you very much for your generosity.”
“It’s more like I’m glad that you’re willing to be my friend,” replied Elaine. 
“No, it’s my pleasure instead.” 
Elaine laughed. “Alright, this conversation would never end if we continue like this. By the way, do you mind if we exchange numbers?” 
“Of course! And please call me Vivian.” 
And thus, Vivian headed home that day with a new number saved in her phone. 
When she was home, she took out the bottle of perfume and looked at it more closely, but there was nothing more she understood about it besides the fact that it probably cost a kidney. 
Though, after tentatively spraying it on herself, she immediately fell in love with the alluring yet mild scent. Truly the infallible taste of a talented designer. 
In the evening, Finnick returned home to a busy Vivian working in the kitchen, trying to cook up a big feast. 
“Welcome back,” she greeted from the kitchen as she prepared the last dish on the menu. 
Finnick admired the apron-clad lady from afar as a surge of happiness warmed him from within. To return home to someone who would be there for you, to take care of you, was a luxury that Finnick cherished greatly. 
Spurred by his sudden joy, he strode into the kitchen, wrapped his arms around Vivian’s waist, and buried his head into the crook of her neck like a child. 
But all of sudden, Finnick jolted and pushed the lady away.
“Hey! What are you doing?” Vivian was bewildered by the response. 
“Why do you smell like that?” 
Vivian frowned apprehensively. “Like what? I simply wore some perfume.” 
Finnick asked in an even more serious tone, “Why the sudden perfume? I thought you didn’t indulge in such things?” 
“The perfume is a gift from an interviewee today. I thought it seemed pretty nice, so I tried it on. What’s wrong?” 
Finnick asked another question instead, “What brand is the perfume?
###Chapter 332
Chapter 332 
“I don’t know… I’m not an expert on this,” Vivian said, cocking her head to the side and glancing at Finnick with a pout. 
“Alright,” Finnick began, forcing himself to stay calm for Vivian’s sake. “I don’t really like this smell. Can you wash it off?” 
Vivian could tell that something was off with him, but she decided not to point it out. 
When she disappeared into the bathroom, Finnick raised a hand to pinch his brows together before looking into the distance with a sigh. 
Meanwhile, Vivian freshened herself up with a shower and stepped out to look at herself in the mirror. The sight of Finnick pushing her away replayed in her mind, and she was beyond disappointed. 
What’s up with him today? He’s never been so cold towards me… 
Is there something wrong with the perfume that Elaine gave me? Why is he reacting like that? 
She took a deep breath to calm herself down as the questions poured into her head like a tsunami. Should I ask him about it? What if he doesn’t want to tell me? 
She splashed some cold water onto her face to clear her thoughts. Maybe I shouldn’t… it’ll only sour our relationship. I’ll find out the truth soon enough. 
She walked out of the bathroom to put on a set of pajamas and noticed that Finnick was no longer standing in the living room. 
“Finnick? Finnick!” she called, only to receive no reply.
Panicking a little, she rushed to the balcony and found him standing there while staring into the distance. 
He stood with his back facing Vivian and his hands in his pockets, looking completely lost in his own world. 
Vivian’s uneasiness only grew at the sight of him acting like that. Is something bad going to happen? 
After a moment of hesitation, she walked up to face him and held his ice-cold hands to warm them up. “What’s wrong? It’s cold out here. You should go in before you catch a cold.” 
Finnick blinked in surprise and met her eyes. “It’s fine. I’m just worried about the company.” 
Vivian could tell that he was lying. Since when did he ever face any difficulties at work? 
“Can you tell me what happened today? You seem… “ 
“I’m fine, Vivian,” Finnick said, cutting her off. “It’s time for dinner. Let’s see if your cooking skills have gotten any better!” 
Vivian grimaced, but she decided not to probe any further. 
As the days passed after that, Vivian’s life returned to normal. She was not a celebrity, and most people forgot about her as quickly as the rumors came. 
However, she could not help but wonder where Ashley had gone after that encounter with her at the restaurant. 
That’s strange… she should have gone to the magazine company to find Fabian and throw a temper tantrum by now! Whatever. Nothing’s better than having a peaceful life.
That afternoon, Vivian noticed a man staring at her as she waited for a cab by the roadside. 
The man looked away hurriedly when she noticed him, and shuffled into a nearby coffee shop as quickly as he could. 
Vivian raised an eyebrow. I don’t think it was an accident. Is he stalking me? 
She shook her head vehemently. No… stop thinking so much, Vivian! You don’t even know him! Why would he follow you out of nowhere? It must have been a coincidence…
###Chapter 333
Chapter 333 
Vivian looked away when her cab came and decided not to think of it any further. 
The next day, she woke up to Finnick putting on his tie in front of the mirror, already awake and freshened up. 
“You’re up early today,” she said with a hint of bewilderment. Usually, Finnick would wake up at the same time as her and take her to work in his car. 
He walked over to the bedside and sat down. “I need to go to the office early today for some urgent matters. Can you go to work by yourself?” 
“Sure. Go ahead,” she said. 
Finnick smiled and planted a light kiss on her forehead. “Sweet dreams,” he said before walking out of the door. 
Vivian managed to get another hour of shut-eye before she got up to go to work. 
Much to her surprise, a cab was already waiting for her outside the gates when she exited the neighborhood. 
Cabs were a rare sight in the high-end neighborhood, and she could not help but smile at how lucky she was. 
She raised an arm to signal to the driver that she wanted to get on. “Subway station, please.” 
After a while of cruising along the road, Vivian began to notice that something was wrong. 
“Sir, this isn’t the way to the subway station…” she said, only to receive no reply from the driver.
She gasped. I’m in danger! 
“Sir! Let me out! Stop the car!” she screamed, but the driver ignored her completely. 
She tried to pry open the door, but the driver had locked it before they even set off. 
“Hey! Let me out!” she screamed, reaching forward and grabbing the steering wheel in a desperate attempt to escape. 
However, the driver simply sighed in exasperation and whacked her head with a stick. A white-hot streak of pain coursed through her veins just before she passed out. 
Vivian woke up after what seemed like ages to her muscles screaming in pain. The wound on her head seemed to have scabbed over, but it was still immensely painful whenever she moved. Not only that, her hands and feet were bound tightly, making it impossible for her to stand up. 
She looked around frantically, trying to make sense of her situation. The place she was in seemed like an abandoned building’s rooftop, which confused her. 
Vivian tried to break of her restraints. I need to escape… something bad might happen to me here if I don’t! 
Suddenly, the door to the rooftop opened, and she froze the moment she caught sight of the person who walked in. 
“You again? What do you want?” she snapped at the person. 
“What do I want? What do you think I want after you ruined my life? I just want revenge! I want you to suffer, my dear sister!”
The person who came in was none other than Ashley, and she was the one who sent the cab to bring Vivian here. 
Ashley had turned into a disheveled mess since their last meeting, and Vivian wondered if she had even bothered to shower over the past few days. Her face was a ghastly white, and she had since lost the elegance she used to have. 
Vivian blinked to stay calm as she stared into Ashley’s dim eyes. “Let me go. You’ll never hear the end of this from Finnick if you don’t.” 
However, Ashley simply threw her head back and burst into laughter the moment she heard her words. 
After a while, her laughter died down, and she lowered her head to glare at Vivian. “Tell him to come at me, Vivian! I’m not scared of him! You’re the one who ruined my life and took everything away from me! If not for you, Mom would still be safe at home, Dad’s company wouldn’t have gone bankrupt, and I would still be the renowned young mistress of the Miller family! Fabian would still love me!” 
“That’s irrelevant. I’ve already broken up with Fabian,” Vivian blurted instinctively.
###Chapter 334
Chapter 334 
“It’s not! It’s your fault Fabian is so head-over-heels in love with you! Why else would he abandon me?” Ashley screamed. “Everyone I love is gone! What’s the point of living anymore?” 
With that, she stumbled onto the railing, much to Vivian’s horror. “What are you doing? Stop that right now!” she shouted. 
Ashley had been immensely mean to her over the years, but they were half-sisters after all. The last thing Vivian wanted was to watch her sister fall to her death. 
Ashley stopped for a moment upon hearing Vivian’s voice, and she turned around to glare at her with much hatred in her eyes. “Oh, how could I have forgotten about you? You’re the reason for all my suffering! I’m dragging you down to hell too!” 
With that, Ashley strode over like a predator, and Vivian began to struggle against her restraints to no avail. 
In the end, Ashley scooped up Vivian in her arms and walked back to the railings. “We’re going down together, Vivian!” she shrieked maniacally. 
Her voice attracted the attention of passers-by on the streets below. A man looked up and pointed them out to his friend. “Hey! What are those two people doing up there?” 
“Huh? Why would there be people on the roof?” his friend scoffed before he looked up and gasped. “Wait… what are they doing there? Could they be… “ 
“Call the police!” the man shouted as he whipped out his phone. “Hello, is this the police? Someone’s about to jump off a building here. Please hurry!”
As he barked into the phone, more people began to gather under the building where Ashley and Vivian were at. 
“They look pretty young. What happened to them? Young people nowadays are so weak-minded… “ 
“Wait… the girl on the left looks like she’s dragging the other girl along!” 
“What? Is she trying to murder her? Where’s the police?” 
“She looks pretty familiar.” 
Suddenly, a girl in the crowd screamed in shock. “Isn’t that Vivian William, the wife of Finnick Norton? Is it really her?” 
The crowd gasped in unison. 
“Finnick Norton? The one from Finnor Group? That’s his wife?” 
“It sure does look like her… “ 
“Someone contact the news station! This is urgent!” 
Within minutes, journalists and cameramen from various news stations have arrived at the scene and were pushing and shoving to get to the front of the crowd. 
Netizens were shocked by the news as well, and people began to speculate Ashely’s motive behind Vivian’s kidnapping. Some said that she was Finnick’s mistress who wanted to overthrow Vivian, while others insisted that she just wanted to extort money from Finnick. 
Meanwhile, Noah rushed into Finnick’s office looking panicked. “Mr. Norton! Mrs. Norton is in danger!”
“What?” Finnick yelled. He stood up abruptly from his chair, making the documents in his lap spill onto the floor. 
He brisk walked to Noah’s side and grabbed his shoulders. “What happened to Vivian? Tell me now!” 
“Mrs. Norton was kidnapped by Ashley Miller this morning, and she’s threatening to jump off a building with her,” Noah reported. 
Finnick was already walking out of the door before he could finish his sentence, and Noah had to grab his hand to stop him before he could walk out without his wheelchair. “Mr. Norton! You mustn’t let anyone find out that your legs aren’t injured!
###Chapter 335
Chapter 335 
“Whatever,” Finnick spat as he broke of Noah’s grasp. 
“Mr. Norton!” Noah yelled after him, but Finnick was already entering the lift. He could only sigh and chase after him with the wheelchair in tow. 
Finnick clenched his fists tightly. Ashley… how dare you hurt her! You’re going to pay for this! 
Meanwhile, the police have arrived at the scene. 
“Listen to me, girl. Can you come here? It’s dangerous over there,” a policewoman said tactfully. “Think about your family. They would want you to be home safe, wouldn’t they? Be a good girl and come here.” 
However, her calming words seemed to have the opposite effect on Ashley. “My family? What family? I’m the only one left! No one cares about me anymore!” 
She gripped Vivian’s waist tightly and started to drag her over to the railing. “You’re the one who took everything away from me! You’re going down with me!” 
“H-Hey! I’ve never taken anything from you before,” Vivian protested weakly. “Dad and your mother loved you, and you’ve got all the pretty clothes and toys that I don’t. I’m jealous of you, don’t you know that? Anyway, I can ask Finnick to help you and Miller Group rise from the ashes again. You can get everything back!” 
She peered over the railing at the hundred-meter drop to the ground and shivered violently. Even so, she tried her best to calm Ashley down so that neither of them would end up falling to their deaths.
“That’s right. I had everything that you didn’t, but what about now?” Ashley yelled. “You’ve become the wife of Finnor Group’s president, while I’ve lost everything! How could you?” 
With that, she shoved Vivian onto the railing, leaving half her body dangling from the side of the roof dangerously. Screams could be heard from down below as Vivian tried her best to keep her balance. 
That was the first thing Finnick witnessed when he rushed onto the roof, and he could feel his heart clench in fear. Noah followed him closely while lugging the wheelchair along, and he finally managed to grab Finnick just before he could emerge from the stairwell. 
“Mr. Norton! You can’t let others see you like this! Think about how far you’ve come!” Noah said desperately. 
Finnick hesitated before he relented and sat down on the wheelchair. 
As Noah wheeled him onto the roof, Finnick gasped in shock at just how perilous Vivian’s situation was. 
Her entire upper body was hanging off the railing, and she was holding on to a metal ring protruding from it for dear life. 
However, it was rather obvious that she could not hang on for much longer. 
Finnick could feel his throat tighten and face paling from fear. 
He had never been so scared for someone else’s life before, and he could not fathom how he was going to live without Vivian around. 
It reminded him how desperate he had been when he could not find Evelyn in the fire a decade ago, but the fear in his heart as he watched Vivian grapple for her life was much, much stronger.
I can’t lose her! I can’t let her leave me like this! 
He pushed himself forward and yelled at Ashley, “Calm down! I’ll do anything for you as long as you let her go!” 
Ashley whirled around upon hearing his voice. “You! I hate you! You took everything away from me!” she shrieked.
###Chapter 336
Chapter 336 
“Yeah, that’s right, I was the one who ruined your life. She’s got nothing to do with this,” Finnick said, gesturing to Vivian. “Let her go, and I promise I’ll invest in Miller Group and restore their former glory. I’ll also send someone to bring your mother back. I’ll do anything you ask as long as you let her go!” 
“Are you serious?” Ashley asked tentatively. 
If she had her mother by her side, her life would take a huge step towards normalcy again. She began to wonder if Fabian would return to her side once that happened. 
“Of course. I never make empty promises. Besides, everyone is watching us here. Can you come here for a moment?” Finnick said reassuringly. 
“I want to meet Fabian! Now!” Ashley demanded. 
“Alright, alright. I’ll call him right now,” Finnick said. “Don’t move.” 
He took out his phone and dialed Fabian’s number. “Where are you? Get over here now!” 
“Huh?” Fabian said, confused. “What’s wrong?” 
He was not feeling well that day and decided to take a day off from work, so he had yet to hear of the kidnapping. 
“Ashley kidnapped Vivian and threatened to jump off a building with her. She wants to see you, so you’d better come soon!” Finnick shouted into the phone. 
Fabian jumped when Finnick raised his voice, but there was no time for questions. “Alright, I’ll be there soon,” he said, before hanging up the phone and dashing out of the house.
Twenty minutes later, Fabian arrived at the scene by car, and he shivered when he saw Vivian dangling from the railing dangerously. 
He still loved her, and he had broken up with her because of certain misunderstandings. Now that he knew the truth, he regretted everything. Ashley must have kidnapped Vivian because of me… 
He grimaced. Am I only capable of hurting you, Vivian? 
“That’s enough, Ashley. Can you let her go? We can go home after this,” Fabian said gently. 
“Can you promise me something, Fabian?” Ashley asked, her eyes brimming with tears. “Can you marry me and love me forever? Don’t you know how much I loved you from the moment I set my eyes on you? Vivian is nothing but an illegitimate child, so she’ll never compare to me or you. I will do whatever it takes to keep you by my side, Fabian. No one else loves you as much as I do, Fabian!” 
Everything she had done was for his sake, but he somehow refused to acknowledge it. 
Fabian hesitated as he glanced at Vivian, who was just minutes away from plunging to her death. “Alright, fine. Let’s get married.” 
“Really, Fabian? Really?” Ashley chirped. 
“Yes, I promise. I just need you to let Vivian go,” Fabian said. 
Ashley’s face fell the moment he spoke those last few words. “You’re lying, Fabian. You’re lying to me! You just want to save Vivian, don’t you? You still love her, don’t you Fabian?” 
Fabian fell silent, and to Ashley, silence meant consent. 
She stared at him desperately as tears ran down her cheeks.
###Chapter 337
Chapter 337 
“What’s so good about her? She’s not worthy of you, for goodness’ sake!” Ashley yelled as she inched towards the railing. “Alright then, I’ll drag her down to hell with me!” 
“Stop!” Finnick yelled in horror as Vivian’s fingers began to slip off the metal ring she was holding on to. Why didn’t you settle this once and for all, Fabian? Why must you leave her behind like this? 
He turned to Ashley and said, “Take me hostage and let her go.” 
Everyone turned to stare at him in shock. 
“Mr. Norton! You can’t do that!” Noah yelled as his heart raced. 
He was worried for Vivian, but the last thing he wanted was for something bad to happen to Finnick too. What if something happened to him? He can’t just sacrifice himself for Mrs. Norton’s sake! 
Finnick glanced at Noah as a signal to stop talking. 
“What? You’re willing to take Vivian’s place?” Ashley said in mild confusion. She stopped trying to push Vivian over the railing to stare at Finnick. 
“Yes, that’s right. I’m the president of Finnor Group and the second son of the Norton family. I’m worth much more than Vivian. You can ask for anything from Finnor Group and the Norton family if you take me hostage. Trust me!” he pleaded. “Besides, didn’t I say that everything that happened to you had nothing to do with Vivian? Didn’t you say that I was the one who ruined your life?” 
As Finnick spoke, he slowly wheeled himself over to the two women. “You can ask for anything you want once you take me hostage. You can even throw me off this building if you want to take revenge. See my legs? I won’t be able to fight back even if I wanted to.”
Ashley stood rooted to the ground in shock and failed to notice how Finnick was just a couple of steps away from them. 
As for Vivian, she was equally bewildered by Finnick’s words. 
The last thing she had expected to see was Finnick panicking for her sake and putting her life above his own. 
What did I ever do to deserve him? 
“Do you love her so much that you’re willing to sacrifice yourself for her?” Ashley muttered before she threw her head back and let out a laugh. “Why do all of you love her? She’s just a mere bastard!” 
She reached out and pinched Vivian’s neck between her fingers. “Are you trying to save her? Do you really think I’ll let you succeed? She’s dying with me today, and you’ll live in regret for the rest of your sorry lives!” 
Ashley looked up to meet Fabian’s eyes, her gaze ablaze with hatred. “All I ever wanted was to become your wife, but what about you? All you think about is Vivian William! I’m going to kill her right now!” 
With that, she grabbed Vivian’s arm and pulled her over the edge of the railing. 
“No!” Fabian yelled as the police rushed forward to grab them before they could fall. 
Unbeknownst to Ashley, Finnick had gotten within grabbing distance when she was too busy being shell-shocked, and he stood up from his wheelchair the moment they toppled backward to pull Vivian back to safety. 
By the time Vivian managed to stand up straight, Ashley was already gone from their view.
Finally relieved of Ashley’s iron grip, Vivian began to cough violently in a desperate attempt to breathe.
###Chapter 338
Chapter 338 
“Are you alright? Are you hurt?” Finnick asked frantically as he untied the ropes around Vivian’s arms and legs. 
He held her close as he tried to calm himself down as well. 
“I’m… fine…” Vivian stammered between coughs. 
As they shared an intimate moment together, the onlookers stared at Finnick in shock and disbelief. 
“Who pulled Vivian away from the railing just now?” “Is it Finnick?” “I thought his legs were injured?” “How was he able to stand up and run?” 
The onlookers fell into a confused silence. 
Vivian and Finnick noticed the strange silence around them as well. Noticing that everyone was staring at his supposedly injured legs, Vivian began to worry for him. “Finnick, your legs… “ 
“It’s fine, don’t worry,” Finnick said quietly. “No need to worry about me.” 
Vivian could feel her heart filling up with warmth, but a look at the streets below was made it go cold again. 
Even though Ashley had been the source of her suffering over the years and even tried to kill her just moments ago, Vivian was devastated by her death nonetheless. 
She recalled how Ashley had looked down upon her all those years ago, clad in a frilly, sparkly dress like a princess.
Those memories remained fresh in her mind even after so many years, yet she could not bring herself to celebrate her despicable half-sister’s death. 
Just seconds later, she went boneless in Finnick’s arms, overwhelmed by grief and shock. 
“Vivian! Vivian, wake up!” Finnick yelled desperately, but she did not respond to his pleas. 
He grimaced and picked her up bridal style before heading towards the exit. “Noah, get the car! We’re going to the hospital!” 
“Yes, Mr. Norton!” Noah replied. He must have had his own reasons to stop acting crippled… 
After Finnick and Vivian disappeared from view, the onlookers began to chatter amongst themselves loudly. 
“Wasn’t Finnick crippled? Since when he could walk on his own?” 
“How ridiculous! There’s no way his legs healed that fast!” 
“Is that wheelchair just a prop? Man, I wish I knew how what’s going on in all those rich people’s minds… “ 
The media personnel, on the other hand, were going crazy from excitement. Not only did they manage to catch a kidnapping on live TV, but they also found out that Finnick Norton of Finnor Group had not been handicapped after all. Both news would send a massive shockwave across the country, and there was no reason why they should not report on them. 
Within just a few hours, Finnick and Vivian’s names were trending on Twitter and other online platforms, and almost everyone from Sunshine City had heard of the news.
By the time Vivian woke up, it was already midnight. She looked around and realized that she was in the hospital. 
She glanced to the side to see Finnick sound asleep with his head resting on her bedside, though it was rather obvious that his inner demons were coming out to haunt him in his dreams. His brows were locked in a deep frown and his lips were tightly pursed together. Vivian tried to raise her hand to smooth them out, but she could not summon the strength to do so. 
The last thing she wanted was to wake him up from his slumber. 
“Vivian, Vivian… “Finnick muttered in his sleep, obviously shaken by the events of the previous day. 
“It’s fine, Finnick,” she cooed, reaching out to stroke his hair. “I’m right here… “ 
However, Finnick’s eyes flew open the moment her hand came into contact with his head.
###Chapter 339
Chapter 339 
They made eye contact for a second before Finnick pulled her into his embrace. 
The hug was gentle at first, but as time passed, it began to get suffocating. Vivian could feel her ribs digging into her lungs, and she had to claw at his chest in an attempt to break . “Finnick, let me go… “ 
Unfortunately, he simply held on tighter. 
“Finnick… it hurts… “ 
Finnick let go of her slowly the moment he heard those words. 
She leaned into his chest in silence, noticing how he was still trembling. 
“What’s wrong, Finnick?” she asked. 
He was silent for a moment before he said, “Promise me you won’t leave me ever again.” 
He looked up to meet her eyes, and the amount of love and affection in his gaze made her heart ache. 
It was as though he was pleading for her to stay by his side, and there was no way she could bear to let him down. 
Before she knew it, she had already planted a light kiss on his eyelid. “I promise I won’t leave you ever again.” 
Just as her lips left his eyelid, he lunged forward and pressed his lips against hers, albeit a little hurriedly. It was as though he was trying to consume her and keep her safe inside of him.
Instead of flinching away, Vivian reciprocated the kiss passionately. Both of them felt much better after that. 
Vivian was suddenly reminded of how he had stood up from his wheelchair to save her, and she frowned at him worriedly. “How are you going to tell everyone that your legs aren’t injured? It’s all my fault that… “ 
It’s all my fault that Ashley managed to kidnap me and drag us both into that mess. If not for her carelessness, Finnick’s secret would have remained a secret. 
She could not imagine what Mark would do to Finnick if he heard of the news. 
Finnick seemed to read her mind, and he pulled her into his embrace. “It’s fine. I’ve been wanting to make it public anyway. I can’t keep faking it, can I?” 
He smiled as he gazed into her eyes. “Don’t worry, I’ve planned this out. I won’t let them take advantage of me.” 
“What are you planning to do?” Vivian asked. 
“I’ll call for a press conference tomorrow to explain everything,” he said. 
“Do I need to be there?” Vivian asked. She wanted to support him through the process. 
“No need, you need time to rest and recover. I’ll go there myself,” he answered. “I just want you to be safe, not swept up in my messy matters.” 
“I’m feeling fine, really!” Vivian said hurriedly. “I was just a bit scared, that’s all.” 
“Take care of yourself and don’t worry about me,” Finnick said. “You can watch the livestream tomorrow.”
“Alright then,” Vivian said with a nod. She did not want him to worry about her too, and she decided to stay put. 
The next morning, they had breakfast together in the hospital room before Finnick left to go to the press conference. 
Meanwhile, Vivian’s colleagues from the magazine company arrived to visit her. 
“Are you alright, Vivian?” Sarah asked the moment she entered the room with worry etched on her face. 
“Shush! You’re being too loud!” Jenny chided. “Vivian needs to rest!” 
“That’s right, Sarah. I’m sure you don’t want Vivian’s condition to worsen, right?” another colleague said with a chuckle.
###Chapter 340
Chapter 340 
Sarah turned red in the face. “Was I being too loud?” she whispered to Vivian. 
“You’re not, don’t worry,” Vivian said with a light laugh. “I’m fine, everyone. Thanks for coming all the way here to visit me.” 
“We’re really sorry for badmouthing you, Vivian,” a colleague who spread rumors about her cheating on Finnick said sheepishly. “Please forgive us. We were misinformed.” 
“Yeah, Vivian, please forgive us! We used to have our misgivings about Mr. Norton, but now that it’s revealed that he wasn’t crippled to begin with, those rumors won’t last! We’re all really happy for you!” Sarah said. 
Vivian stared at Sarah in confusion. “Hm? How did you know about that?” 
“Wait… haven’t you heard? Everyone’s going crazy on Twitter!” Sarah said, whipping out her phone to show her the trending hashtags of the day. 
Vivian took Sarah’s phone and scrolled through the posts, only to be shocked by the sheer number of comments on Finnick’s non-existent disability. 
Vivian tapped on a random hashtag to take a look, and she was met with millions of love confessions from Finnick’s fans. 
One comment read: Oh my god! He’s not handicapped? He’s perfect! 
Another read: I feel so sorry for Mrs. Norton… can I marry him in my next life? 
The reply to that comment was: Don’t be sad! Let’s pretend that we’re Mrs. Norton tonight!
There were also several comments from men that pleaded with Finnick to stop stealing the ladies’ hearts. 
A smile spread across Vivian’s face as she scrolled through the comments. The rumors might have been baseless, but they have hurt her deeply nonetheless. 
Now that the truth had been unveiled, she felt as though a weight had been lifted off her chest. 
“Oh, isn’t Mr. Norton having a press conference this morning? The livestream should be starting soon,” someone blurted. 
Vivian glanced at the time and noticed that there was only half an hour left to the press conference. “Yeah, it should be starting in about half an hour’s time.” 
“We’ll watch it with you!” Sarah said before picking up the remote on the bedside table and switching on the TV. “Hey! Look! It’s starting!” 
“Is he your husband or something?” someone scoffed, making everyone burst into laughter. 
“I’m not as lucky as Vivian, you see! Can’t you let me indulge myself for a while?” Sarah protested. 
Vivian shook her head with a smile, and the laughter soon died down as Finnick walked onstage. 
Finnick, clad in a grey suit, stood up straight in front of the cameras, sending surprised gasps bouncing through the crowd. Vivian’s colleagues stared at him with wide eyes. 
“He’s so handsome! You’re so lucky, Vivian!” Sarah exclaimed, winking at Vivian. 
“Yeah! Why don’t you tell us about how cool he is?”
Vivian’s face turned red as her colleagues teased her playfully. That was the first time she saw him standing in public, and she was struck by how tall and lean his body looked. 
Finnick was led to his seat by his bodyguard, and he picked up the microphone placed in front of him on the table. 
“Greetings, everyone. The purpose of this press conference is to explain some things regarding myself and my wife, so as to dispel the rumors that have been circulating around recently,” he began. “Firstly, I’m sure everyone’s very curious about my background, which I did not intend to hide from the public eye in the first place. I chose not to disclose it because I did not want to attract unnecessary attention to my family, and most importantly, I did not want my intentions to be misunderstood. As for the truth, I am actually the second son of the Norton family.”
###Chapter 341
Chapter 341 
“Why did you fake your disability then, Mr. Norton?” a journalist asked out of curiosity. 
“We would like to know why too!” 
“Has it got something to do with the fire ten years ago?” 
The journalists could tell that there was a reason behind Finnick’s fake disability, and they were dying to know it. 
Usually, no journalist would dare to take the initiative to speak during press conferences with Finnor Group, but the journalist who spoke first gave other journalists the courage to speak up as well. 
Finnick seemed rather calm despite the onslaught of questions. “Yes, I am indeed healthy, but I have my own reasons for faking my disability. I do not wish to discuss this in public, and I hope you understand.” 
The journalists nodded in acceptance, but as experienced reporters and writers, they knew perfectly well what the possible reasons were. 
However, they also knew that they did not have the right to get themselves involved in the business of prominent families. 
Finnick cleared his throat and continued his speech. “There’s another thing I would like to talk about. Those rumors from two years ago are all baseless, malicious claims. Ashley Miller was the one who made them up to ruin my wife’s reputation, and I’ve submitted the relevant evidence to the police. I’m sure justice will be served soon.”
He chuckled as something popped into his mind. “By the way, we’re doing well as husband and wife. The pregnancy rumors were untrue, but we’ve been trying nonetheless. Thank you for your concern and your presence today.” 
With that, he stood up and bowed to the journalists before leaving without another word. 
Meanwhile, Vivian was going to combust from the second-hand embarrassment. 
“Oh, what did he say? ‘We’ve been trying nonetheless?’” Jenny teased as Vivian buried herself in her sheets. 
“Jenny!” Vivian shouted, tossing a pillow at Jenny. 
“We’re all adults anyway. What’s there to be embarrassed about?” someone said as the crowd chuckled in unison. 
After the press conference, netizens began to flood the Internet with awestruck comments all over again. 
Wow, he’s so protective of his wife! 
I was going to lose hope in men, but he proved me wrong! Vivian William is so lucky! 
I wish I could be his wife! 
By the time Finnick returned to Vivian’s hospital room, she had already finished dinner and was getting ready to go to sleep. 
Instead of sleeping on the cot beside her bed, Finnick decided to share a bed with her.
Vivian chuckled as she thought about his closing statement during the press conference. “Is Mark going to explode from anger because of what you said? Now everyone thinks he’s getting you into trouble just to get the inheritance. I heard from my colleagues that his company’s stocks plummeted after the press conference!” 
“Of course,” Finnick said gently, though his eyes had a sharp glint in them. “Serves him right, though.” 
“Do you really hate him that much?” Vivian asked out of curiosity. “He’s your brother, after all.” 
“Of course I do. I’ll never forgive him for what he did to me a decade ago and for what he did to you.” 
“What?” Vivian exclaimed. “What did he do to you a decade ago?” 
Was he responsible for that fire ten years ago?
###Chapter 342
Chapter 342 
“I never figured out their motive behind the kidnapping ten years ago,” Finnick said with a frown. “They could have taken their leave after getting the money, but they chose to commit arson instead. What makes them think setting me on fire and letting the whole world know of the kidnapping would do them any good?” 
He paused and looked at the ceiling. “I’ve been doing my own investigations over the years, and I can confirm that Mark was the mastermind behind all this. Those burglars were after my life rather than my money, and the ransom was just another one of Mark’s smoke screens. What he didn’t expect was to hear of my escape from the inferno.” 
He clenched his fists in anger. Memories of his escape had plagued his mind for years, and he was determined to take revenge. 
Vivian sighed as she racked her brains to think of a suitable response. 
Even though it had been a decade since the fire, Finnick was still having trouble moving on from it. That in itself was an indication of just how severe the trauma was. 
She pried open his fists and held on to his clammy hands in the hopes of helping him calm down. 
Noticing her concern, Finnick took a few deep breaths to calm himself down. “Don’t worry, it’s all in the past. They won’t be able to hurt me now.” 
Vivian grimaced. How could they? 
How could you, Mark? You may not be on good terms with Finnick, but how dare you hurt him?
“So why did Mark…” she began, only to cut herself off as the answer to her question popped into her head. It’s for the money, of course. Why else would he do such a thing? 
Finnick’s grandfather, Samuel doted on him, and Vivian could tell that he had intended for Finnick to be the heir to the Norton family’s assets. As for Mark, jealousy had gotten the better of him, and getting rid of Finnick was the sure-fire way to secure himself the position as head of the Norton family. 
“Did you fake your disability to defend yourself against Mark?” Vivian asked. 
“Yeah. I was too young and weak to do anything against him back then, so I had no choice but to resort to that,” Finnick answered. “Faking a disability made him drop lower his guard against me, and I used the disability as an excuse to go to A Nation and gather my forces. That’s the only way for me to find out about the truth and make him pay for it. Now that I’m strong enough to go against him, I figured that it’s time to reveal the truth. I won’t let him hurt me or my loved ones ever again.” 
Vivian listened as he talked about his lonely struggles over the years, which was something that he never discussed openly, even when she asked about it. 
He’s finally opening up to me, isn’t he? 
After a while, both of them fell asleep, exhausted from their conversation. 
Even though the hospital bed was way too small for both of them, they still managed to sleep through the night without incident. 
The next day, Finnick left for work early in the morning while Vivian decided to give Rachel a call, since she did not get the chance to do so earlier. 
She must be worried sick about me!
Rachel’s anxious voice came through the moment she picked up. “Are you alright, Vivian? Are you hurt? Why didn’t you call earlier? I was so worried for you!”
###Chapter 343
Chapter 343 
To Vivian’s surprise, Rachel started to sob before she could even say anything to console her. 
“Mom, don’t cry! I’m fine! I’m not hurt! Don’t worry!” she said frantically. 
“Stop lying! You almost fell from a building, for goodness’ sake! How are you now?” Rachel asked, still sniffling. 
“I’m fine, Mom… “ 
It took a while, but Rachel finally calmed down enough to talk. “Take care of yourself and don’t get hurt!” she said before hanging up. 
Vivian put her phone away and looked up with a start when someone knocked on the door. 
She got off the bed and opened the door, only to be shocked by the person standing behind it. Why is she here? 
“How are you doing, Vivian?” Elaine asked with a worried expression. 
“I’m fine. Why are you here?” Vivian asked, gesturing to the chair beside her bed. 
She had not expected Elaine to visit her of all people, since they have only met once at the interview. 
“I was so worried for you after reading the news! I’m just glad to see that you’re doing well, that’s all,” Elaine said as he handed Vivian a bouquet of flowers. 
“Thank you. It’s beautiful,” Vivian said. However, she could not help but wonder why Elaine picked a bouquet of Blue Enchantresses.
Don’t people usually bring simpler flowers like lilies and daisies when visiting patients in a hospital? Why did she give me Blue Enchantresses? 
Vivian shrugged. Maybe it’s just a personal preference? 
“Where’s your husband, Vivian? Why are you alone?” Elaine asked. 
“He’s busy right now,” Vivian replied with a smile. 
“Don’t you know how lucky you are? You have such a handsome and capable husband, so you should take good care of him before someone snatches him away.” 
“Huh? No way! We’re on really good terms, and I trust him wholeheartedly,” Vivian said, a little surprised. 
“Oh, really?” Elaine asked, and Vivian could tell that there was another side to her words. 
“Yeah,” she answered, nodding. “By the way, where did you get your dress from? It’s really pretty.” 
She changed the subject to avoid talking about Finnick. After a while more bantering, Elaine stood up to take her leave. “I’ll come back and visit you when I have the time,” she said before walking out of the door. 
That night, Finnick caught sight of the Blue Enchantresses on the bedside table when he returned to the hospital room, and his expression turned grim almost immediately. 
“What’s wrong?” Vivian asked. 
“Nothing. Who gave you those flowers?” Finnick asked.
“Elaine did. Do you remember her? The designer that I interviewed a few days back? She came to see me this morning, and… “ 
“Throw the flowers away.” 
“Huh?” 
“I don’t like it,” Finnick said before turning around and disappearing into the bathroom. 
Vivian stared at him in confusion. Did he just tell me to throw them away? What’s wrong with him? Did something happen back in the office? 
“Maybe he won’t be mad if I hid it… “she muttered to herself as she concealed the flowers behind the water dispenser. “It’s such a waste to throw them away!
###Chapter 344
Chapter 344 
After Finnick left for work the next day, yet another unexpected guest appeared in Vivian’s room. 
He looked like he had not slept in days, and his clothes and hair were in a mess. 
“Here. This is for you,” Fabian said, handing her a bouquet of lilies. He knew how much Vivian loved lilies. 
“Thank you,” Vivian said as she set the flower down on the bedside table. “How’s Ashley’s funeral going?” 
“We’re preparing for her wake as of now,” Fabian answered. 
With her parents out of the picture and no close friends to help out, Fabian had to plan her wake and her funeral all by himself. 
“Please give it your all, Fabian,” Vivian pleaded. “I may not like her, but she’s my sister after all. I can’t bear to see her leave this world without a proper funeral… “ 
She paused and sighed. “She really loved you.” 
“I know. I would have done it anyway,” Fabian said. “By the way, Vivian, I’m here to tell you that… “ 
He hesitated and looked away. 
“What’s wrong?” Vivian asked. 
“Vivian, I just want to give you and Finnick my blessings,” Fabian said as he met her eyes again with much determination. “I used to think that the two of you chose each other out of necessity, and I used to believe that I was the one for you. However, when I saw how Finnick volunteered to take your place
when you got kidnapped, I realized just how much he loved you. I asked myself if I would do the same, but I was too cowardly to say yes.” 
He lowered his head shyly. “Vivian, I realized that I’ll never compare to Finnick. He’s the one you deserve, so I wish you all the best.” 
With that, he looked into her eyes again and waited for her reply. 
“Yeah, you too,” Vivian said quietly. 
Finnick almost cried upon hearing those words. Even if Finnick was the one she deserved, she used to love Fabian with all her heart, and Fabian was delighted to hear her well wishes. 
“Can I hug you?” Fabian asked before looking away sheepishly. “Actually, never mind… I just… “ 
Before he could finish his sentence, Vivian leaned forward and gave him a quick hug. “Promise me, Fabian. Take care of yourself and be happy.” 
Fabian nodded with a smile. “I’ll take my leave now. I still have plenty of things to settle regarding the wake.” 
“Alright, I’ll see you off,” Vivian said as he got up from his seat. 
After Fabian left, Vivian returned to her room and got herself a cup of water from the dispenser beside her bed. She glanced at the bouquet of Blue Enchantresses she hid behind the dispenser the previous night, and she could not help but stroke the petals gently. 
“Aren’t they beautiful? Why doesn’t he like them?” Vivian muttered to herself as she took out an empty vase and put the flowers in carefully. 
Just as she set the vase down on her bedside table, someone knocked on the door.
Since when did I become so popular? Vivian wondered as she opened the door, only to ze in shock at the sight of her visitor. 
Why do I have so many unexpected guests these days? 
The person standing outside the door was Benedict Morrison, Evelyn Morrison’s brother.
###Chapter 345
Chapter 345 
“Why are you here?” she asked. 
Benedict answered smilingly, “Well, of course, I’m here to visit the patient.” 
Noticing the confusion on Vivian’s face, he explained, “When I visited Ms. Rachel yesterday, I heard from her that you’re injured and were admitted to the hospital. She was very worried about you, but she can’t visit you in her current health condition. So, she asked me to come and check if you’re alright.” 
“Is my mom alright?” Vivian couldn’t help feeling worried when Benedict mentioned Rachel’s health condition. 
Benedict reassured her, “Yes, she’s fine. There’s no need to worry.” Then, he asked, “Are you alright?” 
“Yes, thanks to Finnick,” replied Vivian. 
Yet, Benedict’s face darkened upon the mention of Finnick. 
“Huh,” he snorted, “I thought Finnick had lost both of his legs ten years ago, but it turns out he escaped unscathed. Evelyn was the only one who died in the fire.” 
Hearing his sarcastic words, Vivian furrowed her brows. “Benedict, none of us know what happened at that time. I don’t believe Finnick would leave Evelyn for dead. I hope you won’t say things like this again before we even find out about the truth.” 
Benedict paid no heed to Vivian’s words. To him, Vivian was only trying to defend Finnick. 
Suddenly, he froze on the spot when something caught his attention.
Noticing his abnormality, Vivian followed his gaze and saw the Blue Enchantress, a gift from Elaine, on the nightstand. 
Shifting her eyes back to Benedict, she asked in confusion, “What’s wrong?” 
“That’s Evelyn’s favorite flower,” Benedict answered sorrowfully, fixing his eyes on the Blue Enchantress. 
What? Blue Enchantress is Evelyn’s favorite flower? 
Hearing that, Vivian recalled when Finnick seemed to be lost in his thoughts while staring at the flower yesterday. At that instant, conflicted emotions overwhelmed her heart. At that time, did the flowers remind him of Evelyn? Is it because of Evelyn that he asked me to throw away the flowers? Because he was afraid that it might bring back sad memories? 
As for Benedict, he was disdainful of Finnick for pretending to be disabled. Now that he saw his sister’s most favorite flower, he couldn’t help feeling a little moody. Since he was not in the mood to stay any longer, he soon left the hospital after having a little chat with Vivian. 
Vivian felt a little tired after dealing with both Fabian and Benedict. She was now lying in bed, trying to get some rest. Yet, she was bothered by the thought that Finnick was acting strangely yesterday because of Evelyn. She was perturbed, and couldn’t seem to sleep. 
After much tossing and turning in bed, being overwhelmed by fatigue, Vivian eventually fell asleep. 
It was past three in the afternoon when she woke up. While making her bed, she heard hurried footsteps coming from outside the ward. Then, a resounding voice rang out, “Which ward is it? Are we not there yet?” 
It’s Grandpa! Vivian recognized it was Samuel upon hearing his familiar voice.
She quickly put on her coat and then opened the door to see Samuel standing outside in the corridor with a group of doctors behind him. 
“Grandpa, I’m here,” she called out. 
Upon seeing Vivian, Samuel admonished, “Stay there! Don’t move! Didn’t they say you’re injured? Why aren’t you resting? You should rest in bed!” 
Vivian shook her head in amusement at Samuel’s overreaction. “Oh, Grandpa, they’re exaggerating it. I’m fine,” Vivian reassured Samuel while helping him into the ward to sit on the couch. 
“Really?” Samuel asked as he couldn’t seem to cast his worries away. 
Vivian answered helplessly, “Really. As you can see, I’m fine.” What did they say about my injury? Why is everyone visiting me all of a sudden? 
Benedict scrutinized her from head to toe, making sure she was alright before he could put his mind at ease. 
“I think it’s better you do a full-body check-up in case there’s any sequela. You might as well ask the doctor to check your fertility. Oh, I can’t wait to meet my grandchild.”
###Chapter 346
Chapter 346 
Vivian’s face flushed scarlet. She felt a little awkward when Samuel said that in front of the doctors. 
At the same time, she was doubtful as well. Since she and Finnick were long married, she should’ve gotten pregnant by now. 
Actually, she had always wanted to have a baby with Finnick. To her, they would only be complete as a family with a child’s presence. Thus, she readily agreed with Samuel’s suggestion. 
Half an hour later, Vivian was done with the check-up with the assistance of three doctors. 
One of the doctors told them, “The result will only come out a few days later. Please give us a moment.” He bowed at Samuel before leading the rest of the doctors out of the ward. 
Seeing that there were only the two of them left, Vivian spoke up, “Grandpa, I need you to do me a favor.” 
“Oh? What is it that you want me to help you with? Just say it, I will do anything for you,” Samuel agreed to her request without any hesitation. 
“Thank you, Grandpa. Actually, I wanted to ask you to look into the kidnapping incident that happened ten years ago. I think there must be something we don’t know about it.” 
Samuel’s face turned grim. “Why do you say so?” he asked seriously. 
“Grandpa, you’re the one who raised Finnick; you know him better than anyone else. Do you think he is someone who would abandon Evelyn, leaving her to die? I don’t believe it. That’s why I hope you can investigate the incident. I don’t want Finnick to live his life with guilt, and I wish to help him to let go of his past.”
Hearing that, Samuel was overwhelmed with mixed feelings. “You’re right. Finnick hasn’t moved on after all these years. Don’t worry, leave it to me. I’ll get to the bottom of it.” 
… 
Vivian stayed in the hospital for two more days. After receiving positive check-up results, Samuel finally agreed with her discharging herself from the hospital. 
Vivian was bored to death during her stay in the hospital. It was a great pleasure to be outdoors under the sun, breathing fresh air. 
She was in such a good mood that everything around her seemed to look livelier. With a light heart, she posted a tweet: Finally, I escaped from the hospital and got a taste of dom! 
It wasn’t long after she posted the tweet when she received a call from Elaine. Why is she calling me? 
“Hello, Elaine? What’s up?” she asked. 
“It’s nothing, actually. I saw your tweet just now, and I’m thinking of asking you to go shopping. Are you ?” Elaine invited her over the phone. 
“Yes. Actually, I’m thinking of going shopping as well. Where do we meet up?” Vivian accepted Elaine’s invitation as that was exactly what she had in mind. 
In no time, the two agreed on the meeting time and venue. Soon, they arrived at the largest mall in the city. 
“Vivian, do you like this dress?” asked Elaine, showing Vivian a white dress. “I think it suits you a lot.” 
Vivian turned to look at the dress Elaine was holding. Its cut was simple and elegant, matched with a vintage cinch belt. Overall, the dress looked fashionable. However, there was a deep-V at the back of
the dress. Isn’t this low-back dress a little too revealing? 
“I don’t usually wear this type of dress. I think it won’t look good on me.” Vivian had never worn this type of princessy white dress before; she tended to wear a more conservative type of clothing. 
“Try it on. I believe you’ll look beautiful in it.” With that, Elaine pushed her toward the fitting room. 
Having no choice, Vivian gave in and took the dress from Elaine. “Fine. I’ll try it on.” 
When she came out of the fitting room in the dress, Elaine exclaimed in awe, “Vivian, this dress suits you perfectly! It’s like it’s custom-tailored for you. You must buy it, or I won’t let you leave the shop.”
###Chapter 347
Chapter 347 
“Really?” Standing in front of the cheval mirror, Vivian felt weird to see herself in the dress. The style of the dress didn’t suit her temperament at all. She felt like a weirdo in it. 
“Of course! Don’t forget I’m a professional designer. Don’t you trust my opinion? I’ve picked a few more dresses for you just now. Go and try them on!” 
Elaine shoved a few dresses, in which their styles were similar to the one she was wearing, into her arms. 
Unwilling to dampen her spirits, Vivian agreed, “A-Alright.” 
Elaine’s eyes followed Vivian as the latter entered the fitting room. At that instant, she curled her lips into a mysterious smile while the mirth in her eyes disappeared. 
Vivian tried the dresses one by one. Elaine commented that all of them looked nice on her and asked her to purchase them, or she would buy them as gifts for her. 
In the end, under Elaine’s persuasion, Vivian bought all the dresses that she tried on earlier. 
After that, Elaine led her to the cosmetics store to shop for cosmetics. 
She halted Elaine and said, “Elaine, I don’t need that many products. Usually, I only apply light makeup.” 
Elaine continued to pull her forward, disregarding her reluctance. “Oh, Vivian, it’s woman’s nature to pursue beauty. How could you not spruce yourself up? “Besides, you’re Finnick’s wife! Do you know how many young and beautiful ladies out there are throwing themselves at your husband? You need to have some sense of awareness!”
Vivian shook her head in amusement. If Finnick only cared about looks, he wouldn’t even marry her in the first place. Nevertheless, she was tempted by Elaine’s words. Every woman would want to look their best for the man they loved; Vivian was no exception. 
Under Elaine’s recommendation, she bought many cosmetic products that she wouldn’t even consider buying in the past. Elaine even personally helped apply makeup for her. 
Looking at Vivian’s reflection in the mirror, Elaine commented, “Vivian, you’re beautiful. I was right; this makeup really suits you a lot. In the future, you can spruce yourself up like how I taught you today. I guarantee Finnick will be stunned, and he’ll love you even more.” 
The sales advisor concurred, “That’s true. Miss, your features are beautiful, and the makeup has further accentuated your beauty.” 
After shopping for the whole afternoon, Vivian bade Elaine goodbye and went home with a handful of shopping bags. 
Finnick hadn’t gotten off work when she arrived home. In the bedroom, she thought for a while and decided to put on the white dress. 
The belt was loosely tied around her waist, highlighting her slim waistline. One could catch a glimpse or two of her back through her hair that cascaded down around her shoulder. She looked innocent yet sexy. The exquisite makeup that Elaine helped apply on her face matched perfectly with the dress. 
The woman in the mirror looked so different from her usual self. Yet, Vivian must admit that she looked gorgeous. 
She couldn’t help taking another glance at herself in the mirror, her face flushed. Letting out a deep breath, she went downstairs in cheerful steps.
As the clock pointed at half-past six, Vivian was growing anxious. Finnick usually comes home before six. Why is he not back yet? 
Just as she was about to give him a call, she heard the sound of the door unlocking. 
“You’re back! Why are you so late today?” she asked. 
Finnick, who was changing into slippers, let out a chuckle. “There’s a last-minute meeting today. Why? Did you miss me?” he teased. 
She retorted smilingly, “You wish!” Then, she approached the man to take his suit from him.
###Chapter 348
Chapter 348 
As Finnick looked up, he was dazed upon seeing her look. His smile disappeared as he pursed his lips, his eyes full of disbelief. 
“What’s wrong?” Vivian was confused by his reaction. 
Finnick soon came back to his senses. He asked faintly, “You’ve bought new clothes today?” 
“Yes.” Inexplicably, Vivian felt nervous when the man asked her about the dress. “I went shopping with Elaine today, and I bought it since it suits me. Does it not look nice?” 
Finnick paused for a while before he answered, “The style of the dress doesn’t suit you. Listen to me, go get changed.” 
Hearing that, Vivian uttered a response before she went upstairs, downhearted. 
In the bedroom, she had changed into her usual clothes. She was now staring at the white dress that was lying on the bed. 
Her eyes prickled with tears when she recalled how she dressed up for him, waiting for his return anticipatingly. She felt suffocated, feeling like her heart was being tied into a knot. 
Vivian William, don’t weep like a baby! She took a few deep breaths and fanned her eyes, blinking back her tears. 
At night, Vivian got up to use the bathroom. When she climbed back into the bed, she suddenly heard Finnich calling the name “Evelyn”.
She turned around to face Finnick. In his sleep, the man’s brows knitted, and the veins on his temple throbbed as if he was having a bad dream. 
Evelyn? Is it Evelyn Morrison? Finnick is dreaming about her? Tears rolled down her cheeks at the thought of her husband calling another woman’s name in his dream, especially when she recalled him saying coldly that the dress didn’t suit her. 
She turned her back to him. Biting her finger, she let her tears surge out, wetting the pillowcase. 
… 
In the morning, the other side of the bed was already empty when Vivian woke up. 
While washing up, she was frustrated at the sight of her puffy eyes in the mirror. “How am I going to meet other people with these eyes?” 
In the end, she resorted to massaging her eyes with an ice pack to help with the swelling. 
As she opened her wardrobe to get changed into working attire, the dresses she bought the other day came into sight. 
The style of the dress doesn’t suit you. At that moment, Finnick’s words rang out in her mind again. 
Just because he said it doesn’t suit me doesn’t mean I can’t wear it. I didn’t buy the dress because of him. With that in mind, she put on the dress she bought and applied makeup similar to the one yesterday. 
After that, she went to work. 
Her job that day was to interview at an auction with Sarah and Ken from the magazine company.
Since she got married, she had accompanied Finnick and attended many auctions. Therefore, she was familiar with the whole auctioning process. 
In no time, they had taken pictures of the auctioning venue’s interior, noted down the information of a few relatively eye-catching auction items, and interviewed some successful bidders. 
Just as they were about to leave, Vivian caught sight of a familiar figure. She hesitated for a while and then told Sarah and Ken, “You guys go back first. I saw a friend just now, and I’m going to say hi.” 
“Alright, we’ll leave you then.” With that, Sarah and Ken left. 
“Benedict!” 
Meanwhile, Benedict heard someone calling his name. He turned around to find Vivian standing behind him. 
He was a little stunned by her appearance. 
Vivian felt rather self-conscious when Benedict stared at her, not saying a word. “What’s wrong?” she asked meekly.
###Chapter 349
Chapter 349 
Benedict soon realized it was rude of him to keep staring at someone. With a smile, he said, “Nothing. It’s just that I think your dress looks beautiful. I never seen you wear this kind of dress before.” 
“Well, I’m trying out a new style lately.” Vivian randomly came up with a topic, “Are you here for any auction item?” 
“Well, that’s one of the reasons. Mainly, I’m here to get acquainted with those from the business industry since they are all potential business partners. Are you here doing an interview?” That was the only purpose for Vivian to come to the auction he could think of. 
“Yes. I need to go back and write my script, so I should get going now. Bye!” 
Benedict nodded. “Goodbye.” 
His eyes followed Vivian as she left, the sorrowful emotions in them were barely veiled. “Evelyn…” he muttered under his breath. 
… 
Vivian head back to the magazine company after parting ways with Benedict. 
“Vivian, you’re back!” Sarah greeted her. “I thought you’re going to stay a little longer with your friend.” 
“It’s just an acquaintance of mine,” said Vivian. 
Just then, she noticed Sarah kept staring at her. “What’s wrong? Do I have something on my face? You’ve been staring at me all the time at the auction.”
Hearing that, Sarah flashed her a sheepish grin. “Vivian, you actually noticed it! I thought I was careful enough. It’s just that you look different today, much prettier than before. That’s why I couldn’t take my eyes off you.” 
Jenny chimed in, “That’s true. Vivian, your dressing style and makeup sure look different today. You look gorgeous. Well, that tells us that as women, we do need to spruce ourselves up.” 
“Really?” Vivian asked dubiously. She was unsure whether it was sincere praise or a mere pleasantry after having received the negative comment from Finnick. 
“Trust me, Vivian. You look absolutely stunning!” Sarah nodded firmly, reassuring her that it was not sweet talk. 
Vivian replied smilingly, “I got it. Thank you for your praise.” She was happy to receive the compliment from Sarah. After all, who wouldn’t want to look beautiful in the eyes of others? 
“Big news, everyone! Check Twitter!” Charlie, the new employee, came rushing into the office, yelling. He then reached his desk and turned on his computer. 
His excitement successfully piqued everyone’s interest. They gathered around his desk, fixing their eyes on the computer screen. “What is the big news about?” 
“Someone posted a video about Finnor Group’s president and his ex-girlfriend. The video went viral on the Internet,” explained Charlie while he clicked on the video. 
Everyone was intrigued when they heard the news concerned Finnick. Unanimously, they stopped asking further questions and directed their attention to the screen. 
As for Vivian, she was unhappy to hear that the video featured both Finnick and Evelyn. Yet, she succumbed to her curiosity and gathered around Charlie’s desk.
It was a video about Finnick celebrating Evelyn’s birthday with her. 
As the video started playing, they saw a young lady standing behind a three-tier birthday cake, making a wish. Sitting on top of the cake were two cake toppers that were holding hands and kissing. 
The young lady was wearing a white strapless dress. The diamonds on the dress glittered under the candlelight. She seemed to emanate a radiant glow in the sparkling dress, with her hair draped around her shoulder and enhancing her beautiful collarbones. 
Her flawless skin was shimmering, like ivory. She had arched eyebrows, celestial nose, and rosy lips that curled into a smile. When she closed her eyes to make a wish, the young lady looked remarkably beautiful and angelic.
###Chapter 350
Chapter 350 
The young man standing next to her was none other than Finnick. 
In the video, he looked much younger and livelier. The smile never left his face when he sang the birthday song for Evelyn. His affection for the young lady was barely veiled in his eyes as he watched her make her wish. 
After the wish-making, Evelyn blew the candles and then cast her eyes at Finnick. The latter caressed her hair as he wished her a happy birthday. 
Just then, Evelyn tiptoed and kissed his forehead. Feeling shy, she immediately lowered her head, not daring to look at him. 
In his daze, Finnick stood rooted to his spot as if he never expected she would kiss him. The others started cheering him on, “Kiss her! Kiss her!” 
Finnick was embarrassed and perhaps a little shy. Yet, he held Evelyn’s shoulder and placed a kiss on her forehead. 
At that instant, the others cheering grew louder. 
Although it was only a minute-long video, everyone watching it could feel the two’s happiness and affection for each other. 
As for Vivian, her heart was overwhelmed with mixed feelings. Although Finnick never hid his past with Evelyn from her, it was still too much for her to watch him being so intimate with another girl. 
One of the employees, a young lady, commented, “Wow! Finnick’s ex-girlfriend is beautiful. If it wasn’t for the kidnapping incident, the two of them would make a lovely couple.”
Hearing that, the person next to her quickly gave her a nudge and sneaked a glance in Vivian’s direction. 
The young lady soon realized she had said the wrong thing. Oh, crap! How could I say something like that in front of Finnick’s wife! 
With her face flushed, she apologized, “I’m sorry, Vivian. That’s not what I mean. I was just… I was just trying to say that…” 
The young lady stuttered, not knowing how to explain to Vivian that she had no ill will. 
Vivian forced a smile and said, “It’s alright. It’s his past, and I won’t mind.” 
Just then, she heard Shannon’s voice with a sarcastic tone from behind, “Really? Vivian, do you really won’t mind?” 
Sarah retorted, “Shannon, that’s just Finnick’s ex. What does it have to do with Vivian? It’s normal to have an ex, so there is no need for you to be sarcastic.” 
She had always disliked Shannon. To her, Shannon was nothing but a snobbish and gossipy woman. 
“Huh,” Shannon snorted, eyeing Vivian up and down. “If she really doesn’t mind, then why is she imitating Evelyn’s dressing style?” 
Hearing that, everyone shifted their gaze to Vivian. 
Indeed, Vivian’s look today was different from usual. Her dressing style and even her makeup were similar to Evelyn’s in the video. 
Could she be imitating Evelyn? As Finnick’s wife, she’s imitating his ex-girlfriend’s dressing style. That means to say that… At that instant, they seemed to have understood something.
Shannon was unrelenting. “Vivian, you must be feeling self-conscious to see Finnick having such a beautiful ex-girlfriend. Are you worried that Finnick might abandon you? That’s why you imitate Evelyn. You’re doing this to have a better grip on his heart, aren’t you? I thought Finnick liked you a lot, but now it seems… Tsk tsk tsk.” 
She shook her head, casting her taunting gaze at Vivian. 
Vivian felt embarrassed at Shannon’s mocking, yet she couldn’t rebuke her; even she couldn’t deny that her look today was similar to Evelyn’s.
###Chapter 351
Chapter 351 
Although she could already guess Evelyn must be a stunner from Benedict’s charming features, she was still struck by Evelin’s beauty in the video. 
Vivian was not a stunner nor a talented person. In fact, she was an illegitimate child. 
She was streets behind Evelyn in terms of their looks and family background. Everyone could tell that the latter and Finnick were a perfect match. Now even she became doubtful as well. Back then, what did Finnick even see in me? 
To maintain a good working relationship, the other colleagues didn’t make any spiteful remarks. Still, Vivian seemed to have seen the scorn and mockery hidden beneath their eyes. 
At that moment, she felt like a cheap imitation, unknowingly making a fool of herself. 
She could take it no more, so she grabbed her purse and fled the office. 
Soon she arrived home like a lost soul. 
Finnick was still in the office while Mrs. Filder took a day off that day; she was the only one in the empty house. 
She threw herself onto the couch and wrapped herself in a blanket. Staring blankly into space, she didn’t move for a long time. 
After some time, she grabbed her phone and clicked on Twitter. 
The first few trending topics all concerned Finnick, Evelyn, and her.
She found Finnick and Evelyn’s video and started playing it again and again. Their interaction made her heart ache, but she just couldn’t move her eyes away from the screen. 
As her finger accidentally swiped the screen, the netizens’ comments came into sight. 
“Is this young lady Finnick’s ex? She looks beautiful!” 
“Wow! She’s way more beautiful than Finnick’s wife. His taste in women sure has changed a lot. Perhaps he’s sick of dating a goddess, and now he prefers an average woman?” 
“Only a beauty like her makes a perfect match with Finnick. Vivian is only a gold-digger who married Finnick to climb the social ladder!” 
“Vivian should leave Finnick! Click like if you agree with me.” 
… 
Almost all comments were negative comments about her, saying she was not good enough for Finnick. 
It looks like to them, only the beautiful and smart Evelyn would be worthy of Finnick. 
Unwilling to read more of those negative comments, Vivian decided to log out of Twitter. Just then, she suddenly caught sight of a familiar profile picture and username. 
She quickly clicked into Twitter again to see that the poster of the video was “Back to the Past”. 
Who is this account holder? Why does he have this video? From the viewpoint of the camera, this video is surely not secretly recorded. Could he be Finnick and Evelyn’s friend? But why is he targeting me?
With strings of questions in her mind, she sent a message to “Back to the Past”: Who are you? Why did you post this video? 
Soon, “Back to the Past” replied: Things are just about to get started. It’s time to set things right. 
Vivian was clueless as she sent another message: What do you mean? Who the hell are you? 
“Back to the Past”: You’ll find out soon. Be patient. 
With that, “Back to the Past” went offline. Vivian continued sending messages, yet she received no reply. 
She threw her phone onto the couch in anger. At that moment, she felt like she was living under surveillance. That person knew everything about her, but she had no idea who that person was. 
Restlessness crept onto her heart. It felt like she was about to lose something. 
Right then, the sound of the door unlocking rang out. 
She instantly knew it was Finnick. Instead of coming up to him to greet him as usual, she bit her lip while remaining seated on the couch, her entire body trembling.
###Chapter 352
Chapter 352 
Finnick had the impression that no one was at home because the lights were off when he opened the door. As he switched on the lights and walked to the living room, he spotted Vivian on the sofa, sitting on her knees. 
“What’s wrong?” He sensed that she seemed rather out of sorts. 
Lowering her head, she ignored his question. Neither did she look at him nor give him an answer. 
He thought that some problems at work had caused her to be feeling blue. When he was about to console her, he realized that she was still wearing the newly bought clothes from the day before. 
Finnick frowned and did not utter any comforting words. Instead, he commented, “Why are you still wearing this kind of clothes? Don’t buy them ever again, the style doesn’t suit you at all.” 
Upon hearing that, Vivian could no longer hold back the anger and grievances buried in her heart. 
Big droplets of tears that she had been fighting back streamed down profusely from her cheeks, forming a puddle on the leather sofa. 
Turning to Finnick, she stared daggers at him. Her eyes were filled with rage and an obstinate expression settled on her face. 
“Does it not suit me?” Vivian said in a contemptuous tone, “Then, who do you think should be wearing this? Evelyn?” 
Finnick’s eyes flickered a little when he heard Evelyn’s name. Instead of answering her question, he asked while wiping off the tears from her face, “What’s wrong with you today?”
“Those are the clothes that Evelyn likes, right?” Vivian pushed his hand away and stood up from the sofa abruptly. “That’s why you said they don’t suit me.” 
“What on earth is going on?” Annoyed and completely baffled as to why Vivian reacted that way, Finnick raised his voice. 
“You still like Evelyn, don’t you?” She looked at him straight in the eyes. 
Upon being questioned, Finnick’s expression dimmed. He fell silent for a moment and then locked eyes with Vivian. “That was in the past. The person that I like right now is you.” 
“Why don’t you like me wearing this outfit? Wasn’t it because I look somewhat like her when I put it on?” 
So, it’s about the clothes. He pacified her patiently, “If you like that kind of fashion, I won’t comment on it anymore. I’m sorry, okay?” 
Ironically, Vivian did not accept his apology but was further enraged by it. “Finnick, do you really think that it’s just about the outfit? You’ve never forgotten about Evelyn and always left a place for her in your heart. Am I right?” 
Seeing that she was not going to drop the topic easily, he looked at her, pressed his lips, and kept quiet. 
Finnick had never seen Vivian being so unreasonable before and had no clue how to respond to the situation. In his mind, she was always a gentle and thoughtful girl. 
It was Finnick’s first experience to have someone pointing fingers at him and putting words in his mouth for no apparent reason. As an exceptionally proud man with high self-esteem, he felt wronged but subconsciously would not humble himself to stoop any lower.
Following his lack of response, the room plunged into a pin-drop silence as the tension grew thicker. 
Buzz! Buzz! 
The sound of a cell phone vibrating broke the stillness in the air. After taking a glance at his phone, Finnick answered Noah’s call in an extremely low voice, “What is it?” 
“Mr. Norton, it’s been reported that someone with ill-intentions is trying to acquire the overseas branch. The manager would like you to make a trip there and discuss countermeasures.” Noah sounded rather anxious and did not notice Finnick was in a bad mood. 
Moments later, he replied, “All right, you can come pick me up now.” 
Perhaps it’s best to separate for the time being and let each other cool down. 
Hanging up the phone, Finnick saw that Vivian was still glaring at him. He faltered and then said, “The branch overseas is facing a problem which needs my immediate attention.” 
Minutes passed, yet, she did not give him any response. 
He opened his mouth and wanted to say something but changed his mind at the end. He headed to the bedroom and packed his luggage. 
Subsequently, he went downstairs, grabbed his jacket and strode to the door.
###Chapter 353
Chapter 353 
Putting on his shoes as he got ready to leave, Finnick turned to Vivian with a heavy heart. 
“Vivian, Evelyn is already dead.” He left after leaving her with those words. 
I have only you by my side to walk with me for the rest of my life. Evelyn was my past but you’re my present and future. Don’t you understand all these, Vivian? 
He did not express it explicitly to her. 
Thereafter, Vivian collapsed onto the floor, crumbled on her knees and wailed her heart out. 
That’s true. Evelyn’s dead. Why am I making her my imaginary rival? 
She realized that she was being ridiculous. Finnick had never hidden anything from his past from her. Moreover, Evelyn lost her life due to Finnick, so she should not have behaved the way she did. 
However, all of the things relating to Evelyn kept creeping up in her life. From her favorite perfume, flower, fashion, to the news all over the Internet, the frequency of Evelyn appearing in Vivian’s life was too high. She was going insane thinking about all these, especially Finnick’s attitude toward the matter. 
She frantically removed the clothes and chucked them into the trash can. She darted into the bathroom and scrubbed herself harshly under the running shower. Hot or cold matter felt nothing to her. All she wanted was to wash herself thoroughly clean from her tears along with any possible traces of the impact Evelyn had on her. 
Vivian came out after an hour. Dressed in her pajamas, she curled herself into a fetal position. Scanning the spacious but empty room, she buried her head in between her knees and broke down, wailing uncontrollably.
Not knowing how she fell asleep the night before, she was awoken by a series of phone calls the next morning. None of it had a caller ID shown. 
She picked it up and answered in a coarse voice, “Hello…” 
“Vivian, is that you?” the other party tried to confirm her identity. 
She propped herself up and cleared her throat before answering. “Oh yes, it’s me, Grandpa. Anything?” 
“Did you fall sick? You sound terrible.” Mr. Norton was worried. 
“I’m fine. Don’t worry about me, Grandpa.” 
“Good to know that you’re fine. Young people must always take good care of yourself, all right?” reminded Mr. Norton. 
“I have some answers to what you wanted me to investigate. It’s hard to talk over the phone. Why don’t you come over to my place so that I can tell you everything in person?” Mr. Norton said in a serious tone. 
Vivian was anxious to learn that more information about the kidnapping case had been discovered. “Sure, Grandpa, I’ll be there in a jiffy.” 
Hanging up the phone, Vivian pulled herself together, washed up, and rushed to the Norton residence. 
At the study room, Mr. Norton passed an envelope to her. “Have a seat and take a look at this.” 
She hurriedly emptied the envelope and scrutinized the information. 
To her disbelief, she found out that there was evidence to show another person leaving the fire scene besides Finnick.
However, there were only two of them at the scene. If Evelyn was dead whereas Finnick made it out in time, then who was the other person? 
“Grandpa, what’s going on?” She looked at Mr. Norton in confusion. “Why was there a third person?” 
He looked at Vivian and said, “Actually, the fire caused an explosion at that time and Evelyn’s body was completely destroyed beyond recognition. It was also challenging to verify via DNA testing. In the end, they confirmed that it was her from some remaining hairs found at the scene. 
“Therefore, it’s likely that it wasn’t Evelyn’s corpse that was found.” 
His stare became sharp and resolute. If that’s the case, then it wasn’t just a clear-cut kidnapping case ten years ago. There must have been more to it. I’ll find out who wanted to harm my grandson deliberately and make them pay for it.
###Chapter 354
Chapter 354 
Vivian was shocked to the bone when she heard Mr. Norton’s suspicions. She wanted to say something but did not know what to respond exactly. It was very hard for her to digest his meaning. 
Could it be that Evelyn is still alive? That’s impossible. If so, why did she disappear for so long, allowing everyone to believe that she died in the fire? 
But… what if she’s not dead? Will she return to Finnick if she’s still alive? When that happens, what will Finnick do? What should I do? Multiple possibilities ran through Vivian’s head. 
“It’s still under investigation. These are just speculations.” Seeing her lost in a daze, Mr. Norton could roughly guess what was on her mind. “Don’t think too much. I’ll make them dig deeper…” 
Vivian was so distracted in her own thoughts that she did not hear what Mr. Norton had said. When she regained her senses, she had already left the Norton residence. 
On her way home, she felt so disturbed and wanted to call Finnick. 
She took out her phone and scrolled to Finnick’s number but hesitated to dial him due to the fact that they just had an argument the day before. She contemplated for a long while before deciding to just switch off her phone. 
Moments later, she switched it back on again and made a call. I can’t think of anyone else to discuss this besides him. 
“Vivian William? What’s up?” Benedict was surprised to receive her call. 
“Where are you now? I’ve got something to tell you.”
“I’m at the company. What is it about? Very important?” He could sense the seriousness and urgency in her tone. 
“I’ll tell you when I see you. I’ll go look for you now.” 
“Do you know the place or should I go pick you up?” 
“It’s ok, I know the location. You can wait for me at the café downstairs. See you in a bit.” 
As soon as she hung up, she set off to Benedict’s company. When she arrived, she found him waiting for her at the café. 
He smiled as she took her seat. “I don’t know what’s your regular coffee choice, so I ordered Blue Mountain. Is that ok?” 
“It’s fine, thanks.” She returned him with a smile. 
She felt better after taking a sip. The bitter aftertaste calmed her uneasy heart and helped her hold herself together. 
“What’s the matter?” Benedict knew that Vivian would not call him up for nothing. 
After a short moment of silence, she told him everything that she had heard from Mr. Norton. 
Benedict was rendered speechless to learn the unbelievable news. 
“Could it be that your sister escaped the fire and managed to save herself?” Vivian struggled to ask that question. 
“If she’s still alive, why didn’t she look for me all these years? After all, I’m her one and only family member in this world.” Benedict was dumbfounded. Why didn’t she return to me?
Vivian could not figure that out either. Both of them sunk into deep thought and did not utter another word. 
After what felt like forever, Vivian broke the silence with a mumble, “Evelyn’s death anniversary is just around the corner…” 
She lifted her head to look at him, only to find him engulfed in great sorrow. She felt like he could really use a hug. 
No words were exchanged. Then, Vivian left. 
Returning to an empty villa made her feel miserable. 
She sat on the sofa for a while and then went upstairs to look for a small suitcase to pack some clothes. She had decided to move to her mother’s small apartment. 
Upon arriving, she pressed the bell. Mrs. Filder, who had been taking care of her mother, answered the door. 
“Vivian, why are you here?” Mrs. Filder was astounded to see her suitcase. “This is…”
###Chapter 355
Chapter 355 
“I’m here to see Mom.” Vivian answered as she lugged her suitcase into the house. 
“Let me get it.” Mrs. Filder took it from her. Vivian thanked her with a smile. 
Scanning the room, she did not see her mother in the living room. Mrs. Filder pointed in the direction of the bedroom. 
Vivian acknowledged with a nod. She took a peep through the aperture and found her mother resting in the room. 
“Mrs. Filder, how’s Mom lately?” she asked under her breath. 
Mrs. Filder shook her head and sighed. 
Vivian grew anxious. “What’s happened? Is there anything wrong with Mom? Is she suffering from any health problems?” 
“These days, she’s always spacing out and doesn’t sleep well. Last night, she sat on the sofa till midnight. I asked her for a reason but she didn’t say anything. 
“Also, she doesn’t seem to have any appetite lately. I made her some soup this morning but she refused to drink it. She just rested not too long ago.” 
Worried, Vivian looked at the bedroom door. 
Rachel finally woke up around four o’clock in the afternoon. She was startled to see Vivian and perplexed to learn that she had moved back to her house. “If you stay here, then what about Finnick?”
“He’s on a business trip, so I’m back to keep you company,” Vivian said briefly as she was reluctant to come clean to her mother about what happened between them. “How are you recently, Mom? I heard from Mrs. Filder that you didn’t eat much these few days.” 
“I know my own body. I’m good. Nothing’s wrong.” Rachel stroked Vivian’s hair. “It’s good that you’re here as I miss you so much. Stay longer with me.” 
“Sure.” Vivian gave her mother a tight hug, wishing she could just bawl her eyes out to express her frustration and grievances. However, she could not bring herself to do so and make Rachel upset. 
“I miss you too, Mom.” 
“My silly girl.” Rachel teased her. Suddenly, she recalled something and got entangled in her own thoughts. 
A few days into spending quality time with her mother in the small apartment, Vivian noticed that she became more joyful. 
One night, she was contemplating if she should send a text message or call Finnick to check in on him. 
It wasn’t my fault. Why should I contact him when he didn’t even call me up? She felt as if she was making a loss. 
As she pondered over it, she realized he did not do anything wrong either. 
While she was still dwelling in her dilemma, she heard a loud thud coming from the bathroom. 
Tossing her phone aside, she quickly ran to the bathroom. When she opened the door, she saw Rachel lying on the floor in agony. She had one hand on her head and blood was gushing out from the gaps between her fingers.
There were some blood stains on the sink. Seemingly, Rachel accidentally knocked her head on the sink when she was trying to get up from the toilet seat. 
“Oh my, Mom, are you okay?” Vivian sobbed while trying to assist Rachel. 
Rachel’s face was twisted in a grimace of pain. She could not speak a word. 
Vivian felt so helpless seeing her mother suffering from excruciating pain. Panicked, she covered her wound with a towel and then dialled 911 for help. 
In the ambulance, she held her mother’s hand in trepidation. 
She was desperate to get help from her circle of friends to make arrangements for the best doctor to treat her mother. Unfortunately, she did not have many influential contacts in her midst. The first person who appeared on her list was Finnick. 
She dialed his number and waited nervously for it to be connected. 
“The number you’ve dialed is currently unavailable. Please call again later.” She tried multiple times but to no avail. 
I can’t get through to Finnick and there’s no one that I know in this hospital. What should I do now?
###Chapter 356
Chapter 356 
Benedict, that’s right! With his identity and status, he would surely know someone from the hospital. 
Although Vivian did not want to bother Benedict, she had no choice given the current circumstance. 
“Hello, Vivian. What happened that you’re calling so late at night?” Benedict’s voice gave her some comfort and made her feel safe. 
As she felt slightly relieved, she burst out crying. “Benedict, my mom… she fell down and accidentally knocked herself on the head. She’s losing a lot of blood. Can you help me to contact the hospital…” 
She wept and wept. 
When Benedict learned what happened, he jumped up from his bed, put on his clothes hastily and sped off. “Don’t be too anxious. Where are you now? I’ll go over right away.” 
Without further delay, Vivian reported her location, “We’re on our way to the Pinnacle Hospital. We’re almost there.” 
“All right, don’t panic. Take good care of your mother. I’m going to call the hospital now and make the necessary arrangements.” Benedict rushed to his garage. 
“Thank you, Benedict.” She hung up after expressing her gratitude. 
Holding on to Rachel’s hand, Vivian prayed hard. Mom, please be okay. 
When they arrived at the hospital, there were doctors waiting at the entrance. Subsequently, Rachel was sent to the emergency ward. Not long after, Benedict showed up. 
“How… how’s your mother?” Benedict panted for breath.
Shaking her head, Vivian could not control herself and started crying. “I don’t know, I…” 
“Rest assured that everything will be fine,” Benedict comforted her and patted her back. 
She nodded. 
The indicator at the operating room remained lit. Vivian felt so restless as she stared at the tightly shut door. 
Suddenly, the door was pushed open and a nurse walked out in a haste. Urgently, she asked, “Who’s related to the patient?” 
“Me! I’m her daughter!” Vivian presented herself. 
“The patient’s condition is quite critical and she needs a blood transfusion. Unfortunately, we don’t have sufficient quantity in the blood bank. Which of you has the same blood type as the patient?” 
“You can use mine! I’m her daughter.” Vivian rolled up her sleeve. 
“Do you know what’s your blood type?” 
“I don’t…” Vivian had never hated herself so much at that point for not knowing her own blood type. 
“Okay, please follow me to get yourself prepared.” The nurse quickened her footsteps and led Vivian to the lab. Benedict followed suit. 
To her dismay, she was told that her type was A whereas Rachel’s was O. Their blood types were not compatible to each other’s and therefore, Vivian could not donate hers. 
She was stupefied. How could this be? Why am I type A? I remember both Mom and Dad were type O? Why then, is mine A?
There was no time for her to pick on these details. She thought maybe she remembered it wrongly. 
“What else can I do?” She was troubled by the newly learned fact and lost her ivity. 
“I’m a Type O”. Benedict was delighted to find out that his blood type matched Rachel’s. “I can donate to her.” 
A genuine smile appeared on Vivian’s face. She looked at him thankfully. “Oh really? That’s great. Thank you so much, Benedict.” 
He patted her shoulders and then followed the nurse to get ready for the blood transfusion process. 
After two unbearable hours, the indicator on the operating room was finally switched off. As soon as the doors flung open, Vivian ran to the doctor and asked about Rachel’s condition. 
Looking quite tired, the doctor removed his surgical mask and informed Vivian, “The operation was very successful. The patient is fine now and will be out soon.” 
“Thanks doctor. Thank you so much…” she could not stop thanking the doctor. At last, Vivian felt relieved.
###Chapter 357
Chapter 357 
Rachel woke up the next morning. 
“Mom, you finally woke up.” Vivian was happy and worried at the same time. “How are you feeling? Does the wound still hurt?” 
“I’m fine. Sorry for causing you so much worry.” The feeble Rachel sounded very breathy. 
She felt bad at the sight of Vivian’s concerned face and struggled with all her might to pat her hand. I’ve never contributed much to her life but keep on troubling her and making her feel so unsettled to the extent of sacrificing her blissful marriage. 
Actually, Rachel could see through Vivian. Although Vivian did not mention Finnick, she always brushed the topic off whenever Rachel brought it up. The way she changed the subject immediately gave her away. Rachel suspected she had fought with Finnick. 
As she thought about the reason behind Vivian and Finnick’s marriage, Rachel felt that she had owed her daughter too much. 
Vivian stayed back at the hospital to take care of her mother for the next couple of days. 
Rachel realized that Vivian was not being herself ever since she regained consciousness after the surgery. Whenever Rachel inquired, Vivian would answer that nothing was bothering her. It made Rachel even more ill at ease. 
When Benedict came to the ward for a visit, he noticed that Rachel would take a peek at him from time to time. Her eyes conveyed grief and sadness. She looked as if she wanted to say something but faltered each time she opened her mouth.
Bemused by her expressions, he took the initiative to test waters. “Ms. Rachel, you… have something you want to tell me?” 
Faced with the unexpected question, Rachel kept quiet. She took a glance at Vivian, doubting her decision to speak. 
Vivian sensed Rachel’s strange gaze. What’s wrong with Mom? Does she want to say something to Benedict but felt awkward because I’m around? 
After much contemplation and struggle, Rachel got it out of her chest. “Eve… Evelyn’s death anniversary is approaching, right?” 
Benedict lowered his eyes. “Yes, it’s the day after tomorrow.” 
There was nothing on his face but misery. 
“I’d like to visit her. May I?” Rachel asked carefully in a very meek tone. 
Vivian was stunned. Why does Mom remember Evelyn’s death anniversary? Oh right, she’s served as a helper at the Morrisons. Perhaps she used to take care of Evelyn. 
Benedict was moved when he heard Rachel’s request. “Of course, you may, Ms. Rachel. Evelyn would be delighted if she knew you wanted to visit her.” 
It seems like there’s another person in the world who misses Evelyn besides myself. 
Then, he recalled she had just undergone a surgery. “Ms. Rachel, can your body cope considering you’re still recuperating from the operation? Don’t strain yourself.” 
“No problem, I can make it.” Rachel replied instantly in fear that Benedict would reject her wish.
Cough… cough… cough.. 
She spoke too fast and choked herself, which triggered a series of coughs. Vivian quickly patted her back to soothe her. 
Seeing that her coughs persisted, Vivian advised, “Mom, you haven’t fully recovered. Shall we cancel the plan? In case…” 
Rachel interrupted her before she could finish her sentence, “I’m really fine! Hack… hack… hack…” Her throat was irritated and her cough turned severe. 
Vivian dared not say anything further, with the hopes that her mother would stop coughing and not affect her wound. 
Vivian’s heart wrenched after seeing how Rachel was so eager to attend Evelyn’s death anniversary albeit her current health condition. That explains why Mom has been dazing off so much lately. 
Mom didn’t visit me when I was hospitalized after being kidnapped by Ashley, even though I did I tell her not to trouble herself. Vivian was rather jealous and felt a surge of emotional imbalance that her mother was more concerned for Evelyn. 
If anyone who has just taken care of Evelyn would like the girl so much, one can imagine what a pleasant girl she was. 
Post navigation.
###Chapter 358
Chapter 358 
At that moment, an image surfaced in Vivian’s mind. It was a scene she had seen from a video; a grinning Evelyn closing her eyes and making a wish. 
Indeed, who wouldn’t like such an angelic girl? What more for the guy who grew up with her, Finnick. He probably will never forget her… 
Vivian felt bitter that Rachel insisted on going to the grave, but she caved into her anyway. “All right, I’ll go with you. I can’t leave you to go on your own.” 
“Don’t worry, I’ll arrange for a doctor to go along.” Benedict was surprised that Rachel cared so much for Evelyn. 
Hearing that they both agreed to her request, a smile appeared on Rachel’s face. Vivan urged her to rest more. 
Two days later, Vivian accompanied her mother to Evelyn’s grave. Benedict picked them up from the hospital early in the morning and set off together. 
Nestled in lushes of green where birds’ chirping was heard all day long, the cemetery was nothing but a tranquil place. Yet, it did not make the undead feel relaxed, but heavy hearted. 
Evelyn’s grave was at the very end of the cemetery. The group walked for quite a bit before arriving at hers. 
Vivian placed the white roses on in front of the tombstone. A beautiful photo of Evelyn caught her attention. 
Stepping backward, she found Rachel sobbing non-stop.
She attempted to wipe Rachel’s tears with a handkerchief. Within a split second, it was soaking wet. 
Looking at the weeping Rachel, Vivian had no idea how to console her. She could only stood by her side and accompany her. 
When Vivian was in a daze looking at Evelyn’s photo, a group of reporters came from nowhere and surrounded her. Each of them pointed a long microphone at her. 
“Mrs. Norton, why are you here at Evelyn Morrison’s grave? Does Mr. Norton know that you’re here?” 
“Please tell us if the viral video has affected the relationship between you and your husband.” 
“Mrs. Norton, could you share with us your impression of Evelyn?” 
“Mrs. Norton, how do you feel right now? Are you jealous that Finnick and Evelyn were a couple?” 
“May I ask…” 
They continued to bombard her with a list of questions while shining bright lights at her face. Not knowing what to do, Vivian felt so helpless. Why are there so many paparazzi here today? 
“I…” She had no idea what to say. Although she had always been interviewing people, it was her first time being ambushed by the reporters. Her mind went blank and her heart raced rapidly; her body even trembled a little. 
The reporters had no intention to let her go, seeing that she remained silent. 
They knew it was Evelyn’s death anniversary and had been scouting at the cemetery since morning. At first, they only wanted to take a few photos of the tombstone to satisfy the curious netizens who were still following on the news about the viral video. In a way, that could help boost the sales of their magazines.
Unexpectedly, they got what they bargained for when Vivian showed up! With news and photos of Vivian, the sales of their magazines would definitely increase multiple folds. 
Consequently, these reporters would receive credits in terms of a promotion or a raise. 
In fact, they had already come up with various catchy headlines! 
What’s Finnick’s Wife Ulterior Motive For Visiting His Former Girlfriend’s Grave? 
A Love Battle Between The Living And The Dead. 
Finnick Misses Ex-girlfriend. Wife Sends A Challenge At The Grave! 
The stories continued.. 
In conclusion, it was all marketing gimmicks to attract readers’ attention. Whether Vivian said anything, regardless of what she said, and even if she merely opened her mouth, the reporters had their means to create a selling point and lead the readers on. 
“Mrs. Norton, could you respond to our questions please?”
###Chapter 359
Chapter 359 
“Say something, Mrs. Norton. Everyone is so curious.” 
“That’s right. Mrs. Norton, what are your comments on the video which went viral?” 
The reporters approached her closer and closer, causing Vivian to take a wrong step and lost her balance. The people continued to squeeze in and pushed her around, resulting in her dishevelled look. Vivian’s nicely tied up hair turned messy and she lost one side of her heels. Her feet were stepped on umpteen times… 
“Move aside!” Benedict yelled as he pushed the crowd away and got himself next to Vivian. 
Protecting her in his arms, Benedict shot an angry stare at the paparazzi. “Today’s Evelyn’s death anniversary. Vivian is here for a visit with no other agenda. I’ve agreed to her visit.” 
“Mr. Morrison, why would you agree to allow your sister’s former boyfriend’s wife to visit her grave?” Benedict’s response piqued the interest of a reporter and he directed a microphone in front of Benedict with much excitement. “Don’t you think that Ms. Morrison would be upset since they are rivals?” 
The rest of the reporters followed and moved their microphones to Benedict, waiting patiently for his answer. 
“Which magazine company are you from?” Benedict turned hostile. “Should I pay your company a visit too?” 
Catching the hint, the noisy group gradually quiet down and stopped asking any more provocative questions.
Though the Morrisons were no longer as influential as they were in the past, they were still more than capable to destroy a small magazine company. 
“Today is my sister’s death anniversary.” In an infuriating voice, Benedict scanned the people’s faces from left to right. “I don’t want her to be disturbed. Please leave this place immediately.” 
Although they did not achieve their sole ive, the reporters did not want to bring troubles upon themselves either. As much as they were reluctant to give up the golden opportunity to create juicy news in exchange of attractive rewards, they would rather leave than to lose their jobs. 
“Are you all right?” Benedict was concerned about Vivian. 
The woman standing in front of him looked rather pitiful. Her hair was tousled whereas her clothes were so crumpled. Her bare foot was trampled on and bleeding slightly. There were black footprints mixed with blood and dust… 
She shook her head and plastered a smile on her face. “Thank you.” 
Right when both of them heaved a sigh of relief, a reporter on his way to the exit shouted, “It’s Finnick Norton!” 
Vivian lifted her head and look toward the direction where the familiar name was uttered. She could hardly believe whom she saw. The welled-up tears in her eyes started to roll down her cheeks. 
Afar stood a slender yet upright figure who was dressed in a full grey suit and a black trench coat. Although he looked tired, the prominent facial features were still as captivating as ever. His presence demanded everyone’s attention. He was none other than Finnick. 
Seeing him from afar, Vivian felt her a tinge of heartache and an urge to cry out loud.
He wasn’t here when I was feeling aggrieved and jealous. I had to hide under the sheets and cry myself to sleep. He wasn’t here too when I heard that Evelyn might still be alive and needed someone to discuss the matter. Neither was he here when Mom hurt herself and was hospitalized. He wasn’t present when I felt so helpless. 
Now, the travel-worn Finnick rushed back on the day of Evelyn’s death anniversary. This goes to show who’s his priority. 
Vivian mocked herself. Is there anything that I could compete with Evelyn? 
Finnick almost blew a fuse when he saw the hand on Vivian’s waist. He clenched his fist and cast a furious look at both Benedict and Vivian. 
Considering the injury on Vivian’s foot and how she was harshly pushed around by the reporters, Benedict wanted to protect her. So, he remained his position which appeared to be hugging Vivian sideways, with his hand resting on her waist. 
Anger rose in Benedict’s heart instantly the moment he saw Finnick. 
How dare he steps foot onto Evelyn’s grave! She wouldn’t have lost her precious life in her prime years if it wasn’t for Finnick.
###Chapter 360
Chapter 360 
Although the reporters witnessed the two men staring down at each other, no one dared to step forward and raise a question. If they did, it would have fetched them a ton of juicy tabloids. 
In addition to his icy and intimidating appearance, his identity as a young Norton, coupled with the title President of Finnor Group would make anyone avoid him like the plague. 
Unlike Benedict who was barely maintaining the status of the Morrison family, Finnick was a class above all. Even if they had the courage, they would choose to revere him instead. 
The men had their eyes blazing with anger; Vivian was biting her lips while looking at Finnick with glistened eyes. On the other side, none of the reporters had mulled up any courage to step forward. Time stood still as the entire place sank into a tensed and awkward atmosphere. 
Suddenly, a lady appeared in front of everyone. 
“Oh my heart!” All those who saw her could not help but gasped with amazement. 
Her knee-length white tulle dress perfectly completed her curvy figure. Pairing it with a pair of pink heels, a small segment of her exposed calf looked very attractive. She held a silver palm-sized clutch in her hand. Her short and silky hair brushed through both sides of her cheeks. 
She was wearing a thin diamond necklace, which was so dazzling. It enhanced the beauty of her neck and made her look exceptionally elegant. 
Her features were so well-defined as if they were perfectly chiseled by hand. Even without any make- up on, her brows looked nicely embroidered and her lips were crimson red. It was a face that no one would ever forget.
Some reporters started photographing her beauty to record each of her action and smile. 
More joined in and suddenly the place was filled with camera flashes flickering continuously as if a famous celebrity was present on site. 
The lady remained composed and continued to walk forward with a steady smile on her face. 
Vivian removed her gaze from Finnick after noticing that the reporters were sent into a frenzy again. She wanted to see what was going on. 
Elaine? Why is she here? Vivian was perplexed. Also, Vivian realized that Elaine looked completely different from any other day. 
Usually, she’s always dressed in professional attire, complemented by an exquisite make-up and a sleek hairstyle, giving the impression of a capable working lady. 
Today, Elaine is carrying a teenage girl look. It was very similar to the clothes she has picked out for me at the mall. In addition, she’s only put on very light make-up and portraying herself as an adolescent. 
Vivian could hardly recognize her! 
Even in two different looks, one can’t deny Elaine’s charm and beauty. Vivian felt that her new look suited her more, depicting a simple and clean personality. 
Vivian looked at Elaine who was walking toward her. She had a deja vu and felt that Elaine gave her a familiar feeling, but she could not tell who did Elaine look like. 
As Benedict released her hand behind Vivian’s back, she felt a bit unsteady and lost her balance. In order not to fall, she quickly exerted force onto the injured foot to stabilize herself. 
“Ouch!” A streak of pain coursed through her veins as she inhaled sharply.
She turned to Benedict, only to find him looking blankly at Elaine with his jaw dropped. He was downright stunned with a mixed expression settling on his face. 
She then turned to Finnick and noticed that he too, had his eyes widened and staring at Elaine with disbelief. The indifferent expression which he usually wore on his face was replaced with a rare shocking look. 
Rachel rubbed her swollen eyes as she mumbled to herself. Faintly, Vivian could hear her say phrases like ‘that’s impossible’ and ‘how could it be’. 
Vivian was totally mystified by their expressions and reactions. Elaine is indeed gorgeous but why are their responses so weird?
###Chapter 361
Chapter 361 
Thinking that she was most familiar with Elaine compared to the rest who were present on site, Vivian felt obliged to greet her. 
She endured the pain and forcefully fit her swollen foot into the pink high heel. Limping, she approached Elaine slowly. 
“Why are you here, Elaine?” Does she know Evelyn? Is she here to visit her grave? 
Ironically, Elaine who had always been very welcoming and enthusiastic when interacting with Vivian, ignored her presence. Elaine walked around Vivian and did not even cast a gaze at her. 
As much as Vivian wanted to call out to Elaine again, she was too embarrassed to move a muscle. Her face turned red, wishing for a spot to bury her head in the sand. 
Right when Vivian was still puzzled with Elaine’s change of attitude, she heard a statement which stiffened her body instantly. 
“My big brother Ben and Finnick, sorry for making you wait for a decade,” Elaine uttered softly in front of the two men. 
Big brother Ben? 
Vivian’s breath became rapid the moment she heard how Elaine addressed Benedict. 
Who is she? Why does she refer to Benedict as her big brother? 
“Evelyn…” Benedict fixed his eyes on the lady standing before him. Gradually, his murky eyes started to beam with joy. He strode toward her and stretched out his arms wanting to hold her shoulders. Yet,
he left them hanging in mid-air as doubts crept up on him. Moments later when reality sank in, he put his arms down and tears welled up in his eyes. 
“You… Are you really Evelyn?” Excitement could be heard in his shaky voice. 
“Is that you, Evelyn? You’re still alive?” Benedict asked repeatedly with the hopes she could allay his fear and doubts. Yet, he was afraid to know the truth. 
“Ben, I’m sorry, I…” Elaine’s eyes gleamed. She found it hard to find the right words to speak. 
Hearing how she called him by his nickname, Benedict went ahead and hugged her. “Evelyn!” Thrilled, he scrutinized her face again. “Is it you? It’s you! Evelyn…” 
“Sorry, Ben, I’m so sorry for making you worry for ten long years!” Tears streamed down her pretty face. 
“It’s okay as long as you’re back. Everything’s fine now…” Benedict could not be bothered about the minute details for he only cared for the fact that his sister was not dead and had now returned. 
It was her! Truth be told that Grandpa’s speculation is correct. Evelyn is still alive. Vivian was shocked beyond belief. 
She turned to Finnick and realized that his gaze was locked on Elaine since the moment she appeared. He was still looking at her. In fact, a delighted expression showed up on his face when he learned that Evelyn was alive. 
Finnick must be very happy at the sight of a living Evelyn. Vivian’s hands shook involuntarily. She squeezed them firmly and pressed her nails against her palm but did not seem to feel the pain. 
The surrounding reporters reacted by rushing toward the direction of Evelyn. Every dog has its day, this must be our lucky day to discover this explosive news!
Casting away their fear for both the Morrison and Norton families, they bombarded Evelyn with a list of questions. Only a fool would give up on such a rare opportunity to interview a person who appears to have resurrected! 
“Are you the real Ms. Evelyn Morrison?” 
“Ms. Morrison, what happened to the kidnapping case back then? How did you escape the fire?” 
“Since you’re alive and kicking, why didn’t you appear even once within the last decade? Why did you mislead everyone that you’ve passed away?” 
“May I know where you have been all these years…”
###Chapter 362
Chapter 362 
The reporters created a ruckus and it developed into a chaotic commotion. 
Finnick had already blocked in front of Evelyn long before the crazy paparazzi made their way to approach her. Both Benedict and Finnick were eager to protect Evelyn from being injured by the crowd. 
Seeing how the concerned Finnick pushed the reporters away with one arm while lovingly holding Evelyn with the other, a fearful feeling arose in Vivian’s heart. She bit her lips to stop herself from trembling. 
When the reporters realized that they could never get an interview with Evelyn under such circumstances, they changed plans and gathered in front of Vivian instead. 
“Mrs. Norton, do you know that Ms. Morrison was still alive?” 
“Why didn’t you arrive with your husband, Mrs. Norton?” 
“Did you know that Finnick would be here today too? Does this mean you two aren’t on speaking terms…” 
The questioning did not stop. 
The number of reporters who surrounded Vivian kept increasing. As they interrogated her, they also forced her to move toward Finnick, hoping to capture a photograph of the four together. The image would be the best consolation to replace an unsuccessful interview which could still entice the readers to buy their magazines. 
Soon, Vivian, Finnick, Benedict and Evelyn were besieged by the reporters.
The tumult of shouting and screaming that broke out alerted the few men whom Benedict had brought along to decorate the grave. 
They removed their gaze from Evelyn and formed a circle to protect the four individuals. Slowly but steadily, they moved toward the direction of the car. 
“Mr. and Ms. Morrison, you go ahead quickly and leave the rest to us.” After sending them into the car safely, the men stood in line and got ready to block the reporters from rushing to the car. 
Alas, they were outnumbered by the gang of reporters who caught up with them and skirted around the car. Some even knocked on the windows to get their attention. There was no way the car could move an inch. 
“Mr. Morrison, what should we do?” The panicked driver asked Benedict for help. 
He could not think of a solution. It will only make matters worse if we speed off and knock someone down. 
Looking at the fanatics through the window, Finnick had an idea. He signaled the driver to move aside and took over the wheels himself. 
From the rearview mirror, he noticed that there were fewer people at the back of the car. Without any hesitation, Finnick reversed the car and then seamlessly changed gear and stepped on the accelerator. The car moved forward swiftly. 
The horror-stricken reporters ran for their lives as they did not expect the car to manoeuvre backward out of the blue. Getting hold of juicy news is indeed important and can bring them good prospects in their careers, but only if they live long enough to realize it.
Comparing to their earlier excessive zeal, Finnick smirked and scoffed at the reporters’ terrified faces as the car drove off and disappeared from everyone’s sight. 
The four of them sat quietly in the living room at the Morrison residence. 
After serving them tea, the helper went off without disturbing them. 
There were so many things that Benedict wanted to know. Where have you been all these years, Evelyn? Why didn’t you look for your own brother? However, he did not know where to start. After all, they had not seen each other for a decade! 
“Evelyn, what happened back then? How come I didn’t see you when I woke up?” Finnick set the ball rolling after accepting the shocking news. 
“I…” Evelyn struggled for words. She might have been affected by Finnick’s hostility. Finding it hard to explain herself, she lowered her head and hid her expression. 
“Tell us what happened, Evelyn.” Benedict grew anxious. He was determined to know the series of events which took place ten years ago. “Where have you been all these years? Why didn’t you come back and look for me?” 
Evelyn did not answer Benedict’s question but lifted her head to look at Finnick. With anticipation, she asked, “Finnick, do you believe me?
###Chapter 363
Chapter 363 
“What exactly happened all these years?” Finnick responded with a question. 
Without hearing his answer, Evelyn withdrew her gaze in disappointment. “Actually, I wasn’t quite sure about the details. I had a little accident that time…” 
She narrated the incident. 
It turned out that a cleaner who was responsible for cleaning the area next to the warehouse was present on the day the warehouse caught fire. When he saw some flames from afar, he ran over to check it out. 
Right after confirming that there was a fire, his first thought was to call for help to extinguish the fire. 
However, he noticed a silhouette inside the warehouse. 
Since the fire was not burning fiercely, the cleaner decided to take a closer look, in case someone was trapped inside. He was concerned about saving any life trapped in there. 
Low and behold, there were a young guy and a girl, lying on the ground unconscious. Their limbs were all tied up. 
Without a second thought, he immediately untied the ropes and then dragged the woman out of the warehouse. 
After ensuring that the girl was safe, he rushed back to save the young man. 
Before he could enter the warehouse for the second time, the fire became so massive and was burning the door down. It collapsed right before his eyes.
He was scared out of his wits and stepped back to avoid the blaze. As the large fire was threatening him, he fought his own conscience and ended up not risking his life to save the young man. Instead, he rushed the girl to the hospital. 
“When I woke up in the hospital, I had no memory of myself nor the incident. The nurses told me that a forty-year-old cleaner sent me to the hospital and the latter told me what happened chronologically.” 
When she finished, Evelyn shot Finnick a genuine stare as if she was afraid that he did not believe her story. 
Finnick, on the contrary, had his eyes fixed on the cups and was seemingly in deep thoughts. 
“Then, where did you go thereafter? Do you remember me now?” Upon hearing that Evelyn suffered from amnesia, Benedict made her look him in the eyes. He needed the assurance that she remembers her big brother. 
“Ben.” Evelyn had mixed feelings. “If I didn’t recover from memory loss, how was I able to find you now?” 
Benedict heaved a sigh of relief and realized he just asked a silly question. “What happened after that? Where did you go?” 
“When I was discharged, I had no idea where to go. Neither did I have any money with me. I simply found a job as a waitress. They thought I wasn’t bad looking and agreed for me to enter a probation period. 
“There was once I accidentally spilled hot soup on a male customer. He saw that I looked…” Evelyn omitted some details but everyone could guessed what followed after. Benedict listened with a cold, icy expression.
“He started acting inappropriately. I was enraged by his behavior and took the very first thing I could reach from the table and splashed water on him. He knew that I wouldn’t oblige to his request, so he stopped harassing me. However, he insisted that I should be fired. 
“A kind-hearted couple who were having dinner at the hotel witnessed everything and they stood up for me. Unfortunately, the hotel sacked me. Though the couple wasn’t satisfied with the employer’s decision but there was nothing they could do besides consoling me. 
“In our exchange, they learned about my situation and took pity on me. Coincidentally, their only daughter just passed away in an accident. Knowing that I couldn’t recall my own family members and was all alone, they took me in as their goddaughter and the rest was history. 
“I didn’t know what else to do. Therefore, I agreed to live with them. Later on, I joined them and migrated to A Nation and I’ve been living there since.” 
Benedict was distressed by what Evelyn had to go through. She should have been enjoying life as Ms. Morrison and being spoiled rotten by many. “I’m sorry for what you had to go through, Evelyn.”
###Chapter 364
Chapter 364 
Evelyn smiled at Benedict. “My godparents treat me very well. They channeled the attention for their deceased daughter on me and showered me with great love. Don’t worry, Ben. I’m good.” 
She assured him and then continued, “Few months ago when I was traveling with my friends, I tripped and fell. I knocked my head on a piece of big rock and fainted. 
“When I woke up, I was able to recall my identity and my past memories came back to me. I came looking for you all at once.” 
She took a glance and Finnick and then bowed her head. “Just that…” In a still small voice, she said, “I didn’t expect…” 
Although her sentence was incomplete, everyone knew what she wanted to say. Just that I didn’t expect to see Finnick was already married. 
Finnick noticed the sorrow and helplessness in Evelyn’s eyes when she looked at him. He was slightly moved. 
Finnick broke the silence indifferently. “Good to know that you’re fine now.” His tone was very casual and plain as if he was talking to a friend he had not met for years, rather than an ex-girlfriend. 
With only one sentence from Finnick and no further concern from him, Evelyn’s heart ached. Rumor has it that he’s forgotten about me. Is it true that he has fallen head over heels for Vivian? 
Putting aside her own emotions, Evelyn walked to Vivian and sat down beside her on the sofa. 
Evelyn let out an awkward smile. “Vivian, I didn’t hide my true identity on purpose. When I heard that Finnick was married, I was so curious about his wife. When your senior editor wanted to interview me, I
appointed you. 
“After chatting with you, I think you’re a great person and I really wanted to be friends with you. I was afraid to tell you who I was, in case you no longer wanted to be close to me. I don’t want to lose a friend. 
“Vivian, I really like you. I also think that you and Finnick make a good match. If he truly likes you, I’ll give you both my utmost blessing.” 
Holding Vivian’s hand, Evelyn uttered each word carefully, “Could you forgive me, please?” 
Considering how guilty and thoughtful Evelyn was, Vivian did not know how to react to her. “It’s all right. Why would I blame you for anything?” 
“I know you won’t get mad at me.” Evelyn grinned and sat even closer to Vivian. “I wasn’t wrong about you.” 
“Ouch!” exclaimed Vivian with a frown as she felt the pain from her foot. When Evelyn tried to squeeze in closer, she unknowingly kicked Vivian’s wounded foot. 
“What’s wrong?” Evelyn was astonished to see the minor injuries on Vivian’s foot. “How did you get injured?” 
“It’s okay.” Vivian forced a smile and shook her head. 
Vivian had been withstanding the extreme pain and pressure from her foot injury. Since quite some time had passed without getting proper treatment, her foot had suffered from severe swelling. The fact that she was wearing a pair of high heels did not help to relief her injury.
Everything happened in a chaos. She could not walk barefooted so she was left without a choice but to put on the shoe. As a result, her foot was badly blistered. 
Finnick took notice of her wounds. Knitting his brows, he hurriedly knelt down before her and gently removed her shoe. 
Contrary to the tender loving movements of his hands, Finnick’s face was very serious and stern looking, with a tinge of imperceptible self-guilt. 
He called upon the helper and ordered them to bring a basin of hot water and a towel. 
Once the items arrived, he wrung the towel which had been soaked in hot water. Subsequently, he wiped off the dirt and blood stains from Vivian’s foot with care. 
As he observed her foot which was now double its regular size and the striking bloodstains, Finnick was boiling with anger. Those people! 
After a round of cleaning, he used a dry towel to wrap her foot. Standing up, he informed the Morrison siblings, “We’ll make a move now.” Finnick leaned over and carried Vivian to the door. 
Post navigation.
###Chapter 365
Chapter 365 
Witnessing how gentle Finnick was when he was dealing with Vivian’s wounds and the way he carried Vivian away without casting a gaze on others, Evelyn’s expression changed. She pinched her palm with her nails. 
“Evelyn…” Benedict caught the resentment and indignation shown in her eyes. He reminded her, “Finnick is married.” 
She smirked slightly upon hearing that. 
“I miss you, Ben.” Turning around, Evelyn hugged her brother tightly just like old times. 
When they reached home, Finnick put Vivian down on the sofa. He then went to the room to fetch the first-aid kit. 
Dabbing a piece of cotton bud with alcohol, he carefully sanitized Vivian’s wound. 
“Ouch!” Feeling the burning sensation triggered by the alcohol, Vivian flinched. 
Finnick exerted some force while holding on to her ankle. He looked up and said, “Bear with it for a little bit more. The antiseptic is needed to prevent any possible infection.” His reply was filled with gentleness, love, and care. 
His sweet action reminded her of how he hugged Evelyn and protected her when they were at the cemetery. For a moment, Vivian did not know if she should feel happy or sad. 
After bandaging the wound, Finnick placed the first-aid kit on the coffee table and then sat beside Vivian.
“Let’s talk it out, Vivian.” He stared at her with a serious face. “I need to clear the air about…” 
“I’m thirsty. I want to drink some water,” she interrupted him abruptly and then tried to get up and walk to the kitchen. 
“I’ll get it for you. Stay here.” He signaled her to sit down and went to get her a glass of warm water. 
Vivian accepted the glass. Bowing her head, she took a sip. 
“Vivian, we…” Finnick spoke as soon as she finished her water. 
However, she cut him off again. “Finnick, I want to take a shower first. I feel so uncomfortable and sweaty after being surrounded by the reporters just now.” 
He looked at her suspiciously and answered, “Sure, I’ll help you since you’re injured.” 
“It’s alright!” she rejected immediately. “I… I’ll be careful. Don’t worry, nothing will happen.” 
“Let’s go.” He ignored her request. Bending down, he wanted to carry her. 
“It’s really fine.” She moved his outstretched arm aside and said firmly, “I can do this myself.” 
“I’ll carry you to the bathroom door.” Finnick caved in. 
“Okay.” 
Once he carried her to the bathroom, he pulled a wooden stool over for her to sit on it. “Are you sure you’ll be fine on your own?” Finnick checked again as he was really worried for her. 
“Yes,” she replied. He adjusted the water temperature for her before leaving the bathroom.
As soon as the door was shut, Vivian heaved a sigh of relief and relaxed her tensed up body. She stood still and stared blankly at her wounded foot for a while. 
Similarly, Finnick fixed his gaze on the door and fell in a daze. 
Both of them sank into deep thoughts individually, separated by a door. 
After shower, Vivian realized that she did not have any change of clothes. Left with no choice, she came out in a towel. 
She changed into her pajamas. To her surprise, Finnick was standing behind her when she turned around to close the cupboard door. 
Her heart skipped a beat. She looked away and avoided eye contact with him. 
What had to come would come eventually. 
“Vivian, listen to me…” 
“Finnick, I’m sleepy. Shall we go to bed?” She walked around him and headed to bed. She knew exactly what he wanted to tell her but she was not ready to listen, especially if it concerned that particular matter.
###Chapter 366
Chapter 366 
He grabbed her arm gently and pinned her on the cupboard door. Stroking her cheeks, he asked helplessly, “Vivian William, what is it that you’re so scared about?” 
What am I afraid of? Vivan asked herself the same question. 
The way Finnick protected Evelyn; how he was stunned when he saw me wearing the same clothes as Evelyn; his cold face when he told me he didn’t like Blue Enchantress and wanted me to throw it away; his smile when he wished her happy birthday… Multiple upsetting images flashed across her mind. 
How could all of these memories revolving around Evelyn not make me fearful at all? 
He can’t seem to forget Evelyn. She has such an impact on him when she was dead, what more now when she’s not? 
Thinking about all these, Vivian’s was so broken-hearted that her tears slid down uncontrollably. How long can our relationship sustain? What would be the last straw, the reason for us to split? 
Keeping quiet, she continued to lower her head. Within moments, pockets of tears plopped onto the ground. 
Finnick lifted her head, only to find streams of tears running down her face from her swollen, red eyes. 
He sighed while attempting to use his thumb to wipe away the tears. “Is it because of Evelyn?” 
Vivian did not know how to respond to his direct questioning. 
Yes, I’m very bothered by Evelyn’s presence in our lives because you’ve loved her so much. Not a day has gone by with you forgetting about her in the last ten years. Her necklace, ball pen… each item left
behind by Evelyn was treated so preciously. Now that she’s back, how could I not care nor think about her? 
Can I tell Finnick all these? What will he think of me if I told her that I don’t want Evelyn in our lives? Surely, he’ll think of me as a wicked woman. Who would possess such vicious thoughts about a person who has escaped death? 
She shook her head slightly and wept even more. She found it hard to deceive herself and Finnick. 
She nodded her head with all her might. Sobbing intermittently, she asked, “Will… will you leave… me… for… Evelyn?” 
“Silly girl.” Finnick embraced her lovingly. “Don’t you worry. Evelyn’s presence will never affect our relationship one bit. Our chapter has ended. To me, it’s all in the past.” 
“Then… you said you wanted to talk it out. What’s it that… that you wanted to talk about? Wasn’t it about Evelyn?” She could not believe her ears and stammered between sobs. 
“No. I wanted to talk about our last argument.” He felt sorry to see her dissolving into tears and yet found her inexplicably cute. 
Obviously, Vivian was outrightly jealous of Evelyn and realizing that made Finnick over the moon. 
“Our last argument?” Vivian was confused. Is he still crossed? 
“Yes. At that time, I agreed to leave the country for a meeting because I wanted to give both of us some time to cool down. However, I regretted my decision the moment I boarded the plane. How could I leave you alone at home and go off like that?
“I should have comforted you. Vivian, I admit that it does remind me of Evelyn when I see you wearing those clothes. That’s the main reason I told you I didn’t like them and that the style doesn’t suit you at all. 
“I’ve buried everything about Evelyn in the past. I don’t want her in our lives, not even a trace of her shadows. I like you for who you are and not because you remind me of her. Vivian, can you understand what I’m saying?” 
Hearing his explanation, Vivian was moved to tears. She hated herself for not choosing to believe in him. Why did I lose faith in him and doubted his feelings for me just because of some tittle-tattles?
###Chapter 367
Chapter 367 
“Sorry… Finnick… I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to fight with you… I was… I…” Vivian was all over the place. 
“It’s all right. You don’t have to explain yourself. I understand.” 
His comforting words made her burst into tears once more. I was too narrow-minded to quarrel with Finnick unreasonably due to some made-up stories. 
His heart ached when he saw her bawling her eyes out. With love, he kissed her eyes with the intention to stop her tears from falling. 
His kisses were as light as feather, falling gently on her eyes. Subconsciously, Vivian put her hands around his waist. 
Kiss by kiss, he moved downward. The bitter tears she cried flowed through his lips and soften his heart. 
He planted a kiss on her lips and it made him want more. He let his greediness took over as he slid his tongue into hers. Passionately, he channeled all of his affection for her into smooches. 
Unlike her bashful self, Vivian was exceptionally passionate in responding to Finnick’s amorous advances. She directed all of her grievances, fears, and anxieties experienced recently into actions. 
As their enthusiasm intensified, their bodies were glued to each other to satisfy their lustful desires. Finnick went underneath Vivian’s pajamas and repeatedly caressed her waist. He slowly moved his hand upward, looking for a sweet spot… 
His cold hands made her moan softly as she tightened her grip on him.
Hmm.. Reluctantly, Finnick withdrew himself from her lips, leaned back and smirked. 
Puzzled over his sudden inaction, her bleary eyes looked at him. 
“Vivian,” he whispered into her ears, “I haven’t showered. Moreover, you have an injured foot.” His tone toward the end of the sentence demonstrated disappointment. 
His words brought her back to reality. Realizing how passionate she was, Vivian’s face turned crimson red as if she was on fire. 
Stabilizing her steps, she pushed him away. “Go take your shower!” 
“Oh?” he teased her, “So fast? Do you want to join me in the shower?” 
“Finnick! You…” She never knew how to respond each time he teased her. Beneath the reliable and trustworthy shell lies a naughty man. 
“Okay, I’m going to shower now.” He stopped after seeing her sheepish reaction. He carried her to the bed and left a kiss on her forehead before heading out. 
At the door, he suddenly turned to Vivian and said, “Please be patient Mrs. Norton, your husband will return soon.” 
Vivian was rendered speechless. 
“Argh!” As soon as Finnick left the room, Vivian buried her head in a pillow and let out a scream. 
I was filled with rage at first, how did that emotion change into… Recalling the initiative she took, Vivian felt shy again. I’m sure he’s laughing at me right now.
Lying on the bed, she was visualizing how Finnick would make fun of her in the future. Blushing, she turned into a coquettish lady. The fear of Finnick leaving her for Evelyn had fully disappeared. 
After some time, she grabbed her phone and clicked on Twitter. 
Evelyn’s name was plastered all over her screen. 
Ms. Morrison Escaped Death. 
Who’s Finnick’s Pick? 
The Reunion After A Decade.
###Chapter 368
Chapter 368 
What? 
Vivian tapped on a random hashtag to take a look. As she scrolled down, she was met with posts and pictures of Evelyn, Finnick, Benedict, and herself at the graveyard. In a photo, Evelyn was dressed in a white dress and wearing a smile that could make all heads turn instantly. 
Some media personalities and social influencers even put her photo side by side with Evelyn to compare them both. Dedicated posts and write-ups about them could be seen. 
The battle between the wife and the ex. The former girlfriend wins. An inquiry into Finnick’s change in his preference. Vivian is threatened by the return of Evelyn. 
Each write-up was followed by millions of netizens’ comments and messages. 
Want an updated version of the ugly duckling? Go and see the comparison between Vivian and Evelyn. LOL. 
With such a gorgeous ex-girlfriend, how could Finnick stand Vivian’s face? Does he not feel nauseous? 
That’s right. I’ll accept it if Finnick and Evelyn are an item, but Vivian… Oh my heart, how could you, Mr. Norton? 
Damn it. If it wasn’t for the accident back then, Vivian wouldn’t stand a chance at all! I’m turning green with envy. Why wasn’t I the one who bumped into Finnick? I might not be as pretty as Evelyn, but I’m certainly better than Vivian. 
Like this comment if you agree with me that Finnick and Vivian are like prince charming and the beast.
Upon reading the tweets, Vivian was trembling with rage. Are these people too ? What does my relationship with Finnick got to do with them? All they know is to hide behind their keyboards and be a crusader to harm others with their mean words. 
Feeling upset, she chucked her phone aside. 
Taking a few deep breaths, Vivian reminded herself. Finnick has just proclaimed that Evelyn is now his past tense. He likes me now. Vivian, you should believe Finnick and ignore what others have to say. Don’t be affected. Have you forgotten what happened the last time? 
She pondered over the matter with introspect and retrospect. Gradually, she managed to calm herself down. 
She took a glance at the phone which had been tossed to the edge of her bed. She crawled over slowly to reach for it, with the intention to switch it off and not read any more of those nonsense. 
The moment she picked it up, a notification appeared on her screen. It was a photo of Finnick hugging Evelyn, all smiles while kissing her forehead. The title wrote, “Mr. Norton spends a hefty amount to throw girlfriend a romantic birthday party.” 
Vivian continued reading and found out it was an old event where Finnick booked an entire restaurant to celebrate Evelyn’s birthday. 
The floors were covered with rose petals. Bouquets of pink and red roses decorated the dining tables and windows. In addition, there was an enormous heart shape made out of 999 roses at the main hall of the restaurant. 
The photo was taken in front of the heart-shaped rose bouquet. Back then, it was the talk of the town and even broadcast as an entertainment tabloid. The news resurfaced on the Internet again.
Finnick expressed his unconcealed love for Evelyn in the photo. Vivian thought that their smiles were like swords piercing through her heart. Waves of agony attacked her, causing her to stumble again. 
Will Finnick forget about Evelyn thoroughly? Will her presence not have any impact on our lives as promised by Finnick? 
She persuaded herself to have faith in Finnick. Yet, she was not a hundred percent confident of the answer. 
The next few days, Vivian stayed home to recuperate. Finnick applied leave on her behalf because he did not allow her to go to work due to her foot injury. 
Her daily life with Finnick returned to normal. They woke up together, washed up and had breakfast. Once Finnick was off to work, she would prepare his favorite meals for the evening. 
Finnick had not mentioned Evelyn ever since. Therefore, Vivian would not bring it up too. They lived their days as if the other person had not existed. 
Somehow, Vivian felt like it was the calm before a storm. Has everything ended?
###Chapter 369
Chapter 369 
One day, Evelyn called Vivian. Seeing her name appearing on the beeping phone, Vivian was at a loss, contemplating whether to answer it. 
“Hello?” In the end, her finger pushed the button. 
“Vivian, it’s me.” Evelyn’s sweet voice rang in her ears. “I’d like to go shopping today. Do you have time to come with me?” 
“I…” Vivian wanted to decline but could not come up with an excuse. She was quite lousy at creating white lies. Should I tell her that I can’t because my foot still hurts? 
“Oh ya, Vivian, how’s your foot now? If it’s not fully recovered yet, shall I visit you at your place?” Right when Vivian was debating which excuse to use, Evelyn took the lead and gave her a suggestion. 
“No worries. My foot is completely healed.” Home belonged to both Finnick and Vivian so she did not want to welcome Evelyn into her private space. 
“That’s great to hear. You must be bored staying at home. Let’s go out.” Evelyn continued to persuade her enthusiastically. 
“Um… Okay.” As soon as she agreed, she wanted to beat herself up. Why didn’t I learn how to say no? I should just said I didn’t want to go instead. 
“All right, I’ll send you the location. See you soon, bye!” Evelyn hung up. 
She recalled her last shopping experience with Evelyn; how she picked out the clothes for her; the Blue Enchantress she brought along when visiting her at the hospital; the perfume she gifted her during their first interview…
Seems like she’s the root cause of all the arguments I have had with Finnick. Is her aim merely to go shopping with me this time? What’s her hidden agenda? 
Unsure of Evelyn’s motive, Vivian reminded herself to be extra cautious when meeting her. It was not Vivian’s intention to treat Evelyn like a nemesis and be wary of her all the time. Having gone through episodes of unpleasant incidents, Vivian would rather trust her instinct that Evelyn was not as innocent as she looked. 
She got herself ready and took a cab to their meeting place. From afar, she could spot Evelyn, who was sitting at an outdoor cafe. 
“Over here, Vivian.” Evelyn waved. 
Sitting opposite Evelyn, Vivian felt a little awkward. She felt uneasy when facing the former after the drama at the cemetery. 
On the contrary, Evelyn portrayed a composed look and casually chatted with her. “You took a cab? Why didn’t Finnick drive you here?” 
“He’s gone to work.” Vivian wanted to cringe as she mentioned Finnick’s name at the start of their conversation. 
“Oh, I see.” Evelyn nodded. “He should have arranged for someone to drive you around. How could he be at ease when you go out alone?” 
“No worries. I always go around reporting news. Where are we heading next?” Refusing to talk about Finnick, Vivian swiftly changed the topic. 
Seemingly, Evelyn noticed how Vivian’s expression would change whenever she heard her uttering Finnick’s name. Evelyn asked directly, “Vivian, do you mind about my past with Finnick?”
Evelyn’s blatant question caught Vivian off guard. 
“Don’t you worry, I’ll never be a homewrecker. Since you both are married, I won’t be a third wheel and get myself into the picture. 
“Moreover, with my beauty and brains, I’m sure I can get any guy I like in the future,” Evelyn cracked a joke. “So, rest assured that I won’t interfere with your marriage albeit having a deep relationship with Finnick in the past. I’m a woman of class.” 
“It’s good that you think that way.” Evelyn’s sincere expression made Vivian feel bad for doubting her. “I’m sure you’ll meet someone better who loves you more.” 
“Of course!” Evelyn grinned from ear to ear. “Okay, that’s enough about him. We should let our hair down and paint the town red today. Is there anywhere special you’d like to go?”
###Chapter 370
Chapter 370 
“I’m fine with anything, I’ll just listen to you.” Vivian didn’t want to continue talking to Evelyn about Finnick. 
“If that’s the case,” Evelyn paused, “Let’s go to the mall where Finnick usually accompanies me to and have a look. What do you think?” 
Vivian’s expression, which had just eased up a bit, instantly darkened again. What exactly is Evelyn trying to say? 
Evelyn didn’t seem to notice Vivian’s obvious change in expression and continued, “In the past, Finnick used to worry that I would be bored at home and didn’t want me to go out alone, so he usually goes out with me often. By the way, Vivian, where do you and Finnick usually go? Can you take me there later? I haven’t been back in so many years that I almost forgot what the city looks like.” 
A sense of disappointment flashed across Vivian’s face when she heard Evelyn mention that Finnick used to accompany her to the mall, then she replied casually, “Finnick is very busy and he has a lot to deal with at the company, so we rarely go out.” 
“What? He doesn’t usually go out with you?” Evelyn was shocked. “How can Finnick treat you this way? He used to have time for his girlfriend, but now he doesn’t have time for his wife? Is the company’s business more important than you? Vivian, don’t worry, I’ll definitely find an opportunity to help you teach him a lesson in the future.” 
Even though Evelyn had an indignant look on her face, her tone was one that was gloating and her eyes were scornful as she looked at Vivian. Hmph, and here I was wondering how much Finnick likes you.
Even if Vivian was a fool, she understood what Evelyn meant. She wasn’t asking her to go shopping, she was just here to show her that Finnick and her deep connection could not be matched by Vivian. 
“No need, Finnick treats me quite well.” Since Vivian preferred not to have a fall out with others, she replied back to Evelyn in a somewhat calm manner, but her tone was rather cold. 
“Is that so?” Evelyn looked at Vivian suspiciously and asked, clearly not believing what she had just said. “Vivian, you don’t have to deceive yourself and others, although Finnick and I are… But don’t worry, I will not interfere with your relationship.” 
At that point, Vivian was about to explode in rage from within. What does she mean by deceiving myself and others? Also, what was she going to say about Finnick and her? Is she trying to say that Finnick still likes her? I’m really pissed off now, why did I promise Evelyn to come out today? And I thought I’ve misunderstood her earlier. 
Vivian did not want to continue talking to Evelyn further. Even though she wanted to turn around and leave, her personality prevented her from doing so. As Vivian was thinking of an excuse to leave, a text message beeped from her cell phone in her bag. 
When she took out her phone and read it, it was a text message from mobile customer service informing her that her phone credit balance was low. 
Vivian thought for a moment and said to Evelyn, “I’ve just received a message from the magazine company saying that I have a few urgent matters to attend to. I’ll make a move now. 
As soon as she said that, Vivian picked up her bag, stood up and was ready to leave. 
“Don’t leave, Vivian,” Evelyn told her when she saw her leaving, while she immediately jumped up and grabbed Vivian’s arm. “I’ve only met you after a long time, what is so important that you have to go
back? Why don’t I give Mr. Norton a call and request a day off for you? I should be able to get that favor from him.” 
Vivian was at a loss for what to do as she pulled her hands away from Evelyn’s grip. There was no way she could allow Evelyn to call Fabian. 
“Then, I’ll call my colleagues and let them know.” Vivian paused for a moment, then turned around and walked two steps away, pretending to make a phone call to one of her colleagues. 
As Evelyn stared back at Vivian who was standing not far away, she snorted contemptuously. What a lousy lie, this woman is so stupid. I wonder why Finnick chose her in the first place. 
About two or three minutes later, Vivian returned and said, “Let’s go, I’ve already spoken to them.” 
“Ah, alright.” Evelyn smiled and held onto Vivian’s arm as they proceeded forward. 
Vivian’s body stiffened in response to Evelyn’s intimate move as it was impossible for her to shake her off directly.
###Chapter 371
Chapter 371 
While Vivian slightly jerked her arm, Evelyn grinned brightly and held her arm tighter instead. Those who didn’t know would definitely think they were good friends. Vivian could only let Evelyn hold on to her as she liked. 
When they arrived at the mall, Evelyn did not encourage Vivian to buy clothes like she did last time. Instead, Evelyn walked around trying on pieces by herself and bought a lot of clothes. 
When Evelyn tried on clothes, Vivian helped her carry her bag and the bags of clothes she had already purchased. With both hands full, Vivian followed behind her as if she were her maid. 
Upon arriving at a new shop, Evelyn spotted another light blue strapless dress and went to the fitting room to try it on. Vivian, on the other hand, was exhausted as she sat in the resting area to wait for her. 
When Evelyn finished changing and came out, she spun around and looked at herself in the mirror gratifyingly. 
“Miss, the color of this dress matches your skin tone and shows off your figure. It looks really good on you.” The shop assistant next to her praised her ingratiatingly. 
“Yup I know.” Evelyn liked the dress too and her smile widened when she heard the praise from the shop assistant. 
After looking at herself in the fitting mirror a second time, Evelyn glared at Vivian who was sitting on a sofa in the resting area. 
As the shop assistant followed Evelyn’s glare, she thought Evelyn was worried that they wouldn’t be able to carry any more bags.
As the two of them walked into the shop earlier, she noticed the lady, who was currently sitting in the resting area, carrying lots of bags, and it seemed like she had no ability to carry any more. 
“Miss, you don’t have to worry, it’s possible for us to deliver your purchase to your home, you can just leave your address later. As for the clothes you bought earlier, we will deliver them to you as well,” the shop assistant said thoughtfully. 
However, Evelyn flatly refused, “There’s no need for that, I like this dress very much and I want to wear it immediately when I am home. I don’t want to wait for you to send it over.” 
“Miss, it won’t take much time. We can arrange delivery for you right now and it should be delivered by the time you arrive home. You definitely won’t need to wait too long for it.” The shop assistant smiled as she explained to Evelyn. 
Evelyn didn’t expect this shop assistant to be so talkative as she replied while her face darkened, “I said there’s no need.” 
The shop assistant did not expect the customer to be so agitated by her thoughtful gesture and responded. “Sorry miss, I understand.” 
“Bring over another dress that is exactly like this one.” Evelyn’s tone was impatient as she instructed the shop assistant who was then somewhat puzzled by Evelyn’s request. 
Under normal circumstances, a customer would not buy two of the same high end custom-made dress. 
Even though she was a bit confused, the shop assistant still brought another piece of Evelyn’s dress as requested. After all, “The customer is always right.” Moreover, it would be advantageous for her if Evelyn were to buy two pieces because she would get more bonuses this month. 
After the shop assistant handed the dress over to her, Evelyn walked over to Vivian.
“Vivian, do you think this dress looks good?” Evelyn pointed at the dress she was wearing. 
Yes, it looks good on you. It suits you well,” Vivian replied. 
“Would you like to try it on too? I think this dress suits you as well, and how about we buy the same outfit? I always wanted a sister ever since I was a child, so that we could dress the same.” Evelyn handed the dress to Vivian. 
“Me?” Vivian didn’t know what Evelyn’s intentions were. Then she shook her head and said, “I don’t think this dress suits me.” 
“We won’t know if the clothes fit until we try them on. Go ahead and try it on.” Evelyn pulled Vivian up and ushered her towards the changing room. 
After being dragged into the dressing room by Evelyn, Vivian was forced to change into the dress she had handed her. 
Evelyn lavishly praised Vivian in an exaggerated manner as soon as she came out. “Wow, Vivian. You look even prettier than I do in that outfit. I can’t help but feel that the design around the waist area of this dress is a bit high for me, but for someone of your height, it is just right!” 
“Really?” Vivian asked doubtfully while looking at Evelyn in the fitting mirror. That dress accentuated Evelyn’s slim and gorgeous waistline, and the hollow lace part in the middle even exposed her beautiful curvy waist. Seeing that she looked breathtaking in it, Vivian wasn’t sure what she was complaining about.
###Chapter 372
Chapter 372 
As for her, she didn’t look as good standing next to Evelyn. 
Evelyn affirmed once more, “You look prettier than me in that.” Then she turned her head and asked the shop assistant, “Don’t you think so?” 
After hearing Evelyn’s question, the shop assistant smiled awkwardly and wasn’t sure what to say. In terms of appearance or figure, the second lady isn’t as good as the first. This is, of course, assuming they are to be compared. While this second lady is also very beautiful, the style and color of this dress don’t really suit her. Not only does she not look as good as the first lady who wore it earlier, but she also gives off a strange vibe. Even though I wish to sell as many clothes as I could, if I were to give a fake compliment, I’m afraid she wouldn’t believe me either. 
When Vivian looked at the shop assistant, who only smiled awkwardly and did not answer Evelyn’s question, she immediately understood her meaning and blushed. 
Even though Vivian was wearing the same clothes as Evelyn, when she looked into the fitting mirror, she was completely overshadowed by Evelyn, which made her look inferior to Evelyn in every way. 
“Hey, I’m asking you, why aren’t you saying anything?” It appeared as if Evelyn was complaining to the shop assistant, but actually she was giving her thumbs up from within. Although the shop assistant was startled earlier, she now understood that her silence was more appreciated. 
Once Vivian saw Evelyn’s smug face, she understood why she had to try the dress on herself. Evelyn just wanted her to make a fool of herself. 
“I do not like this dress, so I am going to change.” After saying that, Vivian did not even look at Evelyn and went directly into the dressing room.
After Vivian changed into her own clothes, she felt anger rising from within as she looked at the blue dress. What’s the point of making fun of me? This isn’t funny at all! 
However, Vivian’s anger morphed into aggravation and low self-esteem when she recalled standing beside Evelyn in the same clothes previously. 
Did Evelyn do this to make herself realize the differences between them? If that was the case, Vivian had to admit that she had succeeded in doing so as she felt in her heart that it was impossible to be better than Evelyn. 
After sulking in the changing room for a while, Vivian walked straight out of the shop without saying a word to Evelyn. 
No matter how patient I am, I would be angry after what had happened. Since I know Evelyn’s real intentions, there’s no need for me to pretend and be nice to her anymore. It would be better for me to walk away unhesitatingly. 
Evelyn didn’t care about Vivian’s attitude, since her ive had already been accomplished. 
Evelyn, who was beaming with satisfaction, pointed to the clothes Vivian had just changed out of and said to the shop assistant, “Wrap this up for me and I’ll just wear the one I have on. I’ll go and pay later.” 
“Alright, please wait a moment.” After replying politely, the shop assistant took Evelyn’s clothes and turned to walk towards the counter. 
“Wait a minute.” Seeing the large bags that Vivian had left at the resting area, Evelyn pointed at them and said, “Wrap those up for me too, and deliver them directly to my house later. I’ll give you the address now.”
“Alright.” As the shop assistant replied respectfully, she took out a paper and a pen from the pocket of her work clothes and handed them to Evelyn. 
After watching the entire scene unfold, she already understood what was going on. It’s no wonder that she was annoyed when the shop assistant said she could deliver the goods then, probably because she wanted to intentionally make things difficult for the lady who had just walked away. 
Even though she had a bad impression of this beautiful lady, she couldn’t say anything more as it wasn’t her business. Therefore, it was better for her to just continue doing her job. 
Vivian returned home to find Finnick already home from work, watching the evening news on the couch in the living room. 
“Didn’t I forbid you from going out? Your foot hasn’t fully healed yet, so you shouldn’t be going out.” Finnick took Vivian’s hand and sat beside her.
###Chapter 373
Chapter 373 
“My foot is fine.” Hearing Finnick’s concerned tone, Vivian’s heart warmed and her mood instantly improved. 
“Where did you go today, why do you look so unhappy?” Finnick stroked Vivian’s hair and asked a little curiously after seeing her in such a foul mood. 
“I went shopping with Evelyn today,” Vivian lowered her head as she murmured. She did not want to mention Evelyn’s name in front of Finnick but she also did not want to lie to him either. 
With Vivian telling Finnick that she had gone out with Evelyn and seeing her unhappy face when she returned earlier, he assumed that there might have been a disagreement between the ladies and it was probably related to him. 
Finnick pondered for a moment whether he should speak to Vivian about that incident. If he did, he was afraid that she would be angry like last time. If he didn’t, he was afraid that she would be even angrier if she found out. 
As he remained silent, Vivian looked up at Finnick apprehensively and noticed he looked rather perplexed. 
“What’s wrong? Is there something you want to talk to me about?” Vivian asked. 
“Well…” Finnick paused for a moment and looked at Vivian a little worriedly, “There is something I think I should tell you about, just don’t be angry.” 
“Why would I be angry?” Vivian looked at Finnick confusedly as she tried to figure out what he wanted to tell her.
“It’s about Evelyn.” Finnick said to Vivian after a moment of hesitation. 
After hearing Finnick mentioning Evelyn’s name, Vivian felt a sinking feeling in her heart, and her eyes were full of unease as she looked at him. “What… happened to Evelyn?” 
Finnick tightened his grip on her hand as he said, “Elaine was responsible for a design for our company previously. I had never met Elaine nor did I know she was Evelyn, so I accepted the collaboration. During the contract signing, the other party requested to discuss the design directly with the president of Finnor Group, and it seemed to me at the time that the designer just wanted to guarantee the quality of her work, so I agreed without thinking too much about it. Now that the contract has been signed, I cannot back out. So maybe in the next few days or weeks, Evelyn and I will have some interactions at work. Vivian, I was afraid you would be angry if you knew about it, which is why I was thinking of hiding it from you previously. However, I decided that it would be better to talk to you about it instead.” 
Vivian remained silent for some time after hearing Finnick’s words. She trusted Finnick. Additionally, if he wanted to have a relationship with Evelyn, he wouldn’t have told her about it. Besides, Finnick wasn’t a womanizer. 
Evelyn’s attitude today, however, told her that she had not truly forgotten Finnick. It was very likely that she still liked him and wanted to be with him again. 
“Can’t you break the contract?” Vivian asked after a long silence. The idea of Evelyn and Finnick working together did not appeal to her at all. 
Finnick was shocked by Vivian’s words. 
Vivian had never inquired about his company’s affairs and had always acted with integrity, therefore he didn’t expect that she would propose for him to break the contract this time. It seemed that Evelyn’s appearance had really bothered her.
Finnick carefully explained to Vivian, “As a result of breaking the contract, the company would have to pay a large amount in liquidated damages, and the board of directors would not agree. We chose Elaine because her design was outstanding among the competitors, and it will have a huge impact on the company’s performance in the coming year. It was chosen by the entire board of directors after a thorough selection process, and it isn’t something I can dismiss on my own. This is just work and I won’t do anything with Evelyn, can you trust me?” 
Finnick asked Vivian softly. 
Vivian couldn’t say anything more after hearing Finnick say that. It was indeed somewhat excessive of her to ask Finnick to break the contract. 
“When will you start working together then?” 
“There will be a meeting tomorrow to discuss the details of the design proposal.”
###Chapter 374
Chapter 374 
“Alright, I understand.” Vivian uttered in a low voice, then remained silent. 
Seeing that Vivian was clearly upset, Finnick did not know what to say to comfort her. Hence, he pulled her into his arms and gently patted her back. 
Vivian also knew that Finnick felt helpless, but she didn’t understand why Evelyn kept appearing in their lives. 
It was a sleepless night for Vivian that night as she tossed and turned in bed. Vivian turned to look at Finnick who was already asleep. She wanted to touch his face but was afraid of waking him up, so she retracted her hand and just looked at him quietly. 
Since Finnick was right beside her, she could reach out and touch him. However, would Finnick always be by her side like he was now? 
As Vivian reflected on how dull she looked when she and Evelyn stood side by side in the shop today, she couldn’t help but feel heavily threatened. Will I be able to keep Finnick by my side since I can’t even compare to Evelyn? 
The next day, Finnick got up early for work and it was time for Vivian to go back to work at the magazine company as well. 
Finnick had requested a week’s leave from the magazine company on her behalf due to her foot injury. Now that her foot was almost healed, it was time for her to go back to work. 
However, after thinking about how Finnick and Evelyn would meet, talk, and discuss work together today, Vivian’s was still very uneasy. Since she was feeling so disoriented, she couldn’t bring herself to go to work. Thus, she called Fabian and told him that she would like to take another day off.
Fabian guessed that Vivian was in a foul mood because she had probably read the news about Evelyn’s unexpected return, which was trending on the internet a few days earlier. In addition, Finnick had also called to inform him regarding Vivian’s injury previously. Hence, he agreed to it without any hesitation. 
“Take a good rest first, you don’t need to come to work in such a hurry. You shouldn’t take the news on the internet to heart either, it’s all in the past. Moreover, I think that you are much better than Evelyn, and I believe Finnick feels the same way, so don’t worry,” Fabian comforted Vivian. 
“Alright, I understand, thank you Fabian.” His words and affirmation had truly comforted Vivian from within. 
“I’ll go back to work tomorrow. That’s all for now. Um, alright, goodbye then.” A few more words were exchanged between her and Fabian, who told her to take good care of herself. After assuring him she was fine, she hung up. 
While sitting on the sofa, she turned on the TV and kept changing the channels with the remote control as she couldn’t pay attention to any of it. Vivian turned around and walked into Finnick’s study after turning off the TV, thinking that she might be able to find some books to read since there wasn’t anything she could watch on the TV. 
The only way she would be able to stop overthinking was if she did something. 
Having found some magazines in Finnick’s study, Vivian sat at his work desk and flipped through them. However, after a while, she couldn’t continue staring at the magazines because the words started jumbling up and it was impossible for her to understand what the words were saying. 
After she put away the magazine, Vivian closed her eyes and took a few deep breaths. I need to trust Finnick. If he says that he will not have any feelings for Evelyn, then he would definitely not do so…
Then she opened her eyes and continued flipping through the magazine in her hand. Soon after, the door to the study suddenly opened and Vivian saw Mrs. Filder walking in. 
“What’s the matter, Mrs. Filder?” Finnick had always cleaned the study himself because he was afraid Mrs. Filder would accidentally mess up his documents when she cleaned. What is Mrs. Filder doing in here at this time? 
The housemaid replied with a smile, “Mrs. Norton, so you are in the study, I was just thinking why I didn’t see you in the living room just now. Mr. Norton phoned earlier and said that he forgot to bring along a file which was sitting on the desk, so he asked me to send it to him.” 
After hearing that, Vivian searched on the desk and found a red folder sitting next to the computer, “Is this it?” Vivian picked up the folder and handed it to Mrs. Filder. 
“I think so, Mr. Norton said that it’s a red folder that is placed right next to the computer. This should be it.” After Mrs. Filder received the folder from Vivian, she wasn’t quite sure if it was the right one, but thought it couldn’t be wrong.
###Chapter 375
Chapter 375 
“Then I’ll send it over to Mr. Norton first, he said that he needs it urgently for a meeting.” Having said that, Mrs. Filder turned around and left the study. 
“Hey Mrs. Filder, wait a minute!” Vivian called out to the housemaid who had just left the study. “I’ll go and deliver it to Finnick instead since I’m more familiar with the directions to his company. It’ll be quicker that way.” 
“If that’s the case, alright then.” Thinking that she really wasn’t familiar with Finnick’s company, Mrs. Filder responded, “Then Mrs. Norton, you should hurry up, Mr. Norton sounded rather anxious over the phone earlier.” 
“Yes, alright.” After she replied Mrs. Filder, Vivian ran to the bedroom and put on a jacket, then she rushed out of the house hurriedly. 
Shortly after that, Vivian reached Finnick’s company in a cab. 
“Finnick forgot to bring some documents and I’m here to deliver them.” Vivian explained to the company’s receptionist briefly. 
“Alright, that’s the president’s personal lift, you can just take that one up.” The receptionist could instantly recognize that she was the president’s wife as she pointed towards the lift and let her in immediately. 
“The president’s ex-girlfriend went up earlier and now his wife rushed here all of a sudden, what’s happening?” The receptionist and her female colleague, who was next to her, whispered as they watched Vivian wait for the lift.
“Didn’t she say that she was here to deliver some documents?” The female colleague also heard what Vivian said earlier. 
“Are you daft? Do you really believe that? She’s clearly here to catch them in action. Woah! The battle between the ex-girlfriend and the wife. I can imagine how crazy it’ll be just by thinking about it!” The receptionist said excitedly while her face lit up. 
They thought their whispers were soft but in actual fact, they were so exhilarated that they raised their volume without realizing it. After all, it was rare to come across such a huge scandal. 
Vivian was standing not far from them, so she could faintly hear what they were saying and began to grip the document tightly. Is Evelyn really upstairs now? 
Vivian walked anxiously into the lift after the door opened. While watching the floor numbers change, Vivian became more and more nervous. She was trying to come up with an explanation for her visit if she were to see Finnick and Evelyn together later. 
It was true that she wasn’t comfortable knowing that Finnick and Evelyn were together, hence she delivered the document on behalf of Mrs. Filder. In that case, it certainly sounded like she was trying to catch them in action. 
Will Finnick misunderstand me and think that I don’t trust him? What if he gets angry? As she stood in the lift, Vivian got caught up in her own thoughts. 
Vivian arrived at Finnick’s office shortly after but she did not see him there. Instead, she saw Noah sitting on one side. 
“Mrs. Norton, what brings you here?” Noah hurriedly got up when he saw Vivian walking in.
I am here to deliver some documents to Finnick that he had forgotten.” Vivian handed the documents to Noah, then she asked, “Where is Finnick?” 
“Mr. Norton is having a meeting in the conference room. He’ll come up after he’s done.” Noah flipped through the documents in his hands and made sure they were the right ones before saying, “Mrs. Norton, please wait while I send the documents to them.” 
“Yes, alright. Please go ahead.” Vivian’s heart let out a sigh of relief when she didn’t see Finnick and Evelyn. 
Noah received a phone call as soon as he walked to the door. 
“What did you say?” Immediately after answering the call, Noah’s face changed dramatically as he yelled over the phone, “Hurry up and inform the maintenance department to send people there! Quick!” 
Noah bolted after hanging up the phone. 
“What’s wrong?” Seeing Noah in such a panic, Vivian immediately chased after him and asked him. 
Just as if he remembered Vivian was also there, Noah turned around anxiously and said to her, “Mr. Norton is in trouble!” 
“What happened to Finnick?” After hearing that something had happened to him, Vivian asked Noah worriedly. 
Noah tried to straighten himself out as he said, “After the meeting, Mr. Norton and Evelyn were on their way up here. However, the lift they were riding in suddenly broke down and now the both of them are trapped in there.”
“Why is this happening?” As Vivian heard about Finnick being trapped in the lift, she immediately remembered those lift crashes she had read about in the news. 
Furthermore, she had covered such news before and she knew that if the situation worsens, it could be life-threatening! Please don’t let anything bad happen to Finnick.
###Chapter 376
Chapter 376 
“What should we do now?” The more Vivian thought about it, the more panicked she became. She didn’t know what she could do at that time. 
“I’ve already asked the maintenance department to go over. Don’t panic yet, Mrs. Norton, as it could just be a small matter. Mr. Norton will be fine.” As Noah realized his overly anxious tone might have scared Vivian earlier, he remained calm and comforted her. “Let’s go over and see what’s going on,” he said. 
“Alright.” Vivian followed Noah from behind as they rushed downstairs. 
The maintenance department’s technician was already there when they arrived at the location. 
“What is going on?” Noah asked the maintenance technician anxiously. 
“Don’t worry, Mr. Lotte, it’s not a serious problem. It’s because the lift’s leveling sensor malfunctioned and triggered other safety switches, that’s why the lift made an emergency stop and got stuck between two floors,” the maintenance technician explained. “We have already taken the necessary measures so it’s basically pretty safe. However, we might need more time.” 
“How long would you need?” 
“Around three hours.” 
“That’s really long!” When Vivian heard that it would take so long, she couldn’t help but worry. “Will something bad happen?” 
“Though it will take three hours, there will be enough air in the lift for two people to breathe, so there shouldn’t be any problems. We will try our best to shorten the rescue time, so don’t worry.”
As the maintenance technician reassured them that everything would be fine, Vivian and Noah felt a slight relief. 
However, Vivian’s heart sank at the thought of Finnick and Evelyn being alone in the lift for three hours. 
I must trust Finnick, I have to trust Finnick… Vivian reminded herself repeatedly as she waited anxiously by the lift. 
At the same time, both Finnick and Evelyn remained silent in the lift. 
After the lift abruptly stopped, Evelyn instantly panicked and was worried that something might happen to her. As for Finnick, he calmly contacted the emergency number and told the maintenance technician outside about the situation inside the lift. 
After explaining the precautions to them, the technician informed them that the problem was not serious and that they weren’t in a danger. Hence, they would be able to get out of the lift in no time. 
After Finnick hung up the call in the lift, he turned to Evelyn and said, “Everything’s fine, we will be able to get out very soon.” After that, he stopped talking and waited quietly by the side for help. 
After hearing that it wasn’t a dangerous situation, Evelyn was able to feel more relaxed. Evelyn thought to herself as she stared at Finnick, It seems like this is an opportunity given by God. 
Evelyn had also tried contacting Finnick to ask him out since they last met at the cemetery, however, he would come up with different excuses to reject her every time. 
Finnick would never have met her if she hadn’t deliberately added a clause to the contract when she took on this design project, that she would discuss the design with the president of Finnor Group. 
Logically speaking, Finnick had thought she was dead for many years, but now that she was back alive, he should be very happy. How could he be so indifferent instead? She couldn’t understand that at
all. 
Evelyn would not believe it if it was because Finnick had forgotten about her. Otherwise, he would not have been so protective of her at the cemetery. Furthermore, he even won back the pen he gave her for a very high price at the auction. 
Regardless of everything, Finnick belongs to me and only me! As for Vivian, I’ll make her leave Finnick on her own accord eventually. 
“Finnick, have you been well after all these years?” Seeing that Finnick had not been speaking, Evelyn had no choice but to break the silence herself. 
“Quite well.” Finnick remained mute after saying that. 
“Have you ever blamed me for not finding you all these years, Finnick?” 
Finnick glanced at Evelyn with a puzzled look. “Didn’t you lose your memory?” he asked. 
“Yes. Otherwise, I would have come to you sooner,” Evelyn replied a little anxiously. 
Finnick nodded and stopped talking. 
Evelyn’s eyes were filled with disappointment since Finnick had never looked at her or continued the conversation except for taking a short glance at her earlier.
###Chapter 377
Chapter 377 
Although she did not believe that Finnick had completely forgotten her, she was unsure what to say at first, especially since he had been cold towards her for quite a while. 
There was an awkward silence in the lift as neither of them spoke. 
After a long silence, Finnick couldn’t help but ask, “How have you been doing all these years while living abroad?” 
It wasn’t because he had feelings for Evelyn, but rather because he felt it was appropriate to keep his distance from her since he already had Vivian. Honestly, Evelyn was just a victim back then, so he probably shouldn’t behave so indifferently towards her. 
Evelyn finally smiled when she heard Finnick’s question. She knew that Finnick would never forget her. She believed that he just didn’t know how to tell her after she was gone for ten years, and that’s why he was acting a bit distant towards her. Finnick had always been cold to everyone except her in the past. 
“Quite well. The family who took me in treated me well, as if I were their own daughter. Hence, I’ve had a relatively easy life over the years. It’s just that…” Evelyn paused for a moment and did not elaborate further. 
“What’s wrong?” After noticing Evelyn holding back, Finnick asked curiously. 
“It’s nothing serious. It’s just that there were some repercussions after I was heavily injured during the fire that year.” Evelyn smiled and continued, “Therefore, my health has been a problem all these years and I’ve often been hospitalized. It looks like I might become their regular customer soon.” 
Finnick’s eyes flashed with a trace of heartache as he heard Evelyn making jokes about her own health.
He remembered that Evelyn hated being hospitalized the most. When she was sick, he had to go to great lengths to persuade her to drink her medicine, otherwise she wouldn’t do so. It seemed that she had become accustomed to the experience when she mentioned being hospitalized now. 
Even though she claimed to be fine all those years, he felt that she must had suffered quite a bit because she was living under someone else’s roof after all. 
Both of them started chatting in the lift. Most of the time, Evelyn was talking and Finnick was listening. In addition to talking about her life abroad over the years, Evelyn asked Finnick some questions from time to time. 
Even though Finnick was still acting rather coldly, he wasn’t as indifferent as he had been at the beginning and answered Evelyn’s questions. 
After being trapped in the lift for quite some time, Evelyn’s face turned pale all of a sudden. As she placed one hand over her chest, she bent over and panted heavily. 
“Are you alright?” After noticing Evelyn’s condition, Finnick held her immediately. 
As she closed her eyes and took a deep breath, Evelyn was unable to answer Finnick’s questions. 
As Finnick assisted Evelyn to slowly sit against the wall of the lift, he stroked her back in order for her to breathe more easily. Evelyn finally calmed down after a while and began to look much better. 
“What’s wrong?” Seeing that Evelyn was getting better, Finnick asked worriedly. 
The moment she opened her eyes and saw Finnick’s worried expression, Evelyn struggled to put on a weak smile and said, “I’m fine, it’s because I inhaled a lot of smoke during the fire back then, so… so there are problems with my heart and respiratory tract… I’m used to it, it’s fine…”
“You should stop talking for now and rest well. We will get out of here soon.” After Finnick said that to Evelyn, he stood up and used the phone in the lift to contact the people outside. 
“How long more do you need?” The maintenance technician immediately heard Finnick’s exasperated voice once the call was connected. 
The maintenance technician didn’t know why Finnick, who had managed to stay calm earlier, was suddenly acting so impatient. Hence, he quickly reassured, “Right away, Mr. Norton. Please be patient for a moment. It will be done in thirty minutes at most.” 
“Hurry up, there’s a patient in the lift and the situation is very critical.” As he turned around and glanced at Evelyn, Finnick noticed that she wasn’t looking any better still. “Hurry up!” 
“Yes, yes, yes.” The maintenance technician responded swiftly and sped up with the repairs. 
As Finnick hung up the phone and returned to Evelyn’s side, he continued to stroke her back in an attempt to make her feel more comfortable.
###Chapter 378
Chapter 378 
“It’s done!” After letting a long sigh of relief, the maintenance technician wiped the sweat off his forehead and quickly opened the door to the lift that was shut tightly. 
Once the lift door had been opened, Vivian rushed forward in haste as she prayed that Finnick would be fine and nothing bad would happen to him. 
In the seconds following the opening of the lift door, Vivian saw a silhouette streak past her. When she looked again, she only saw a lady’s bag in the empty lift. Evelyn and Finnick were nowhere to be found. 
“Hurry up and contact the hospital for an ambulance!” After hearing Finnick’s voice from behind, Vivian turned around and saw him striding towards the corner of the stairs with Evelyn who was already unconscious. 
Vivian’s heart sank when she saw Finnick leave with Evelyn in his arms and he didn’t even glance at her after exiting the lift. 
However, she thought that Evelyn’s condition must be very critical since she had passed out, so it was only normal for Finnick to attend to her. Even if it wasn’t Evelyn, she believed Finnick would do the same. Vivian felt slightly better at the thought of that, then ran after Finnick hurriedly. 
However, when she got downstairs, she saw that Finnick had already followed the ambulance and left. As Vivian was wondering how to get to the hospital, she saw Noah drive out of the parking lot. 
“Noah!” Vivian yelled while running in Noah’s direction. 
Noah turned his car around immediately upon hearing Vivian’s voice and stopped his vehicle next to her. Then he peeked out of the window and asked, “What’s the matter, Mrs. Norton?”
“Do you know which hospital Finnick and Evelyn went to? Can you send me there?” Vivian asked anxiously. 
“I just happen to be heading there at this very moment. Get in the car, Mrs. Norton.” When Vivian got into the car, Noah raced to the hospital. 
Vivian’s face turned pale and her stomach churned as she was frightened by Noah’s driving speed. However, she held in her discomfort and did not say anything because she wanted to arrive at the hospital as soon as possible. 
They made it to the hospital in just a short while. After getting out of the car, Vivian felt a sudden burst of dizziness and almost fell to the ground. 
Noah immediately held her the moment he saw that. “I’m sorry, Mrs. Norton. I was in such a hurry earlier.” 
“It’s alright.” Vivian responded with a tight smile. After Noah helped Vivian regain composure for a while and her dizziness was gone, the both of them entered the hospital. 
As Vivian spoke to the nurse in the hospital, she discovered that Evelyn had been taken to the operating room for surgery. Upon following the nurse’s directions, she immediately found the operating room. 
At that time, Finnick was sitting on a chair in the corridor outside the operating room. When Finnick saw Vivian running over, he stood up and grabbed hold of her. 
As soon as Vivian was able to stand still, Finnick frowned at her and asked, “Why are you running so fast? Why is your face so pale?”
“I…” Vivian didn’t know how to explain the anxiety she was feeling from within. In fact, she wasn’t sure why she was in such a hurry to go to the hospital too. 
“How’s Evelyn?” Vivian changed the topic and inquired about Evelyn’s health instead. 
He grabbed onto Vivian’s shoulders and sat her down next to him. “Her respiratory tract and heart are very weak due to the fire that occurred previously. This time, she was trapped in the elevator for quite a while, so she may have passed out from lack of oxygen and breathing difficulties.” 
“She will not be in danger then, will she?” Vivian asked nervously. Despite Vivian seeing Evelyn as a rival in love and not liking her very much as a person, she still hoped that Evelyn was safe. 
“She mentioned before that her condition is inveterate, so she shouldn’t be in any danger.” Finnick wasn’t sure either. 
In silence, both of them waited for the surgery to end. 
“By the way, has Benedict been notified?” The thought suddenly occurred to Vivian. As Benedict was Evelyn’s only relative, he should be informed to come quickly. 
Finnick nodded and said, “I have asked Noah to inform him, he should be here anytime soon…” 
Post navigation.
###Chapter 379
Chapter 379 
Before Finnick could finish, Benedict arrived at the scene in a rushed manner. 
“He’s here.” Finnick turned around and told Vivian. 
“How’s Evelyn doing?” Benedict instantly asked Finnick. 
“She’s still in the operating ward. Don’t worry, she should be fine.” Finnick gave Benedict a reassuring look. 
When Benedict heard that from Finnick, he breathed a long sigh of relief. Evelyn is my only family now, please don’t let anything bad happen to her. 
“Finnick, thank you for sending Evelyn to the hospital and I’m sorry for misunderstanding you previously.” Benjamin stared at Finnick gratefully. 
When he heard Evelyn speak about the fire incident, Benedict realized that he had always been wrong about Finnick. Finnick did not abandon her at all. 
Benedict was ashamed when he thought of his mistreatment towards Finnick, and even more so when he picked on and humiliated him over the years. 
“It’s alright, you have your reasons for thinking that way.” A rare smile emerged on Finnick’s lips as he replied. Perhaps he was relieved once the misunderstanding had been cleared up. 
Having no more words to say, Benedict laid his hand firmly on Finnick’s shoulder. Then, he lifted his head and looked anxiously at the entrance of the operating room.
Vivian noticed that the prevailing hostile aura that was present when the two were together had disappeared, and it was replaced by a sense of brotherhood instead. 
After waiting for a while, the door to the operating room finally opened. While seeing Evelyn being pushed out of the room, Benedict rushed towards the doctor and began asking questions. 
“Don’t worry, the patient has no major problems. She just needs to wake up and everything will be fine.” 
After hearing the doctor’s words, the three of them instantly felt relieved. Having thanked the doctor, Vivian and the others went to Evelyn’s ward. 
Evelyn was still unconscious at that moment. 
“There are still some matters at the company I need to attend to, I’ll make a move first.” After seeing that Evelyn was fine and Benedict was there to look after her as well, Finnick announced that he was heading back to the company. 
“Alright, you should go back to your work then.” Benedict was also well aware that Finnick was a busy person. 
As he nodded to Benedict, Finnick extended his hand to Vivian and said, “Let’s go.” 
Vivian hesitated for a moment, then said, “Please go ahead. Since I’ve taken the day off and there’s nothing for me to do, I’ll stay here and wait for Evelyn to wake up.” 
Finnick replied, “Alright, call me when you want to go back later and I’ll have Noah pick you up.” 
“Understood.” Vivian was touched by Finnick’s thoughtfulness. 
Finnick glanced at Benedict one more time before leaving the ward. 
Seeing Finnick had left, Vivian turned around and met Benedict’s gaze.
Vivian was slightly confused about how Benedict was staring at her as she asked, “What’s the matter?” 
He smiled a little, “Nothing. It’s just that I think you are very generous. Evelyn and Finnick used to be lovers after all, and I never expected you to get along with her so well and still care about her so much.” 
Vivian smiled bitterly when she heard Benedict’s words. What else can I do besides being understanding and generous? Or should I cry or argue with Finnick instead? If I do that, not only it wouldn’t change a thing, Finnick would even hate me. 
“Evelyn has mentioned before that she will not interfere with my relationship with Finnick, hence it is only right for me to care about her as her friend.” 
When Benedict heard Vivian’s words, he became silent. Then he said in a low voice, “No matter what, make sure you keep an eye on your husband.” 
“What do you mean?” Vivian heart sank as she wondered why Benedict said that to her. 
As Benedict sighed, he said to Vivian, “Evelyn and Finnick had a very close relationship indeed. Every man’s first love has a special place in their heart. Also, I’m reminding you for your own good, so be careful.” 
It surprised Vivian that Benedict would tell her that. Even though Evelyn was his sister, he reminded Vivian to be careful around her. Benedict seemed to be advising her for her own good after all. 
Even though Benedict was Evelyn’s brother, Vivian felt that the both of them were very different. After thinking how Evelyn had provoked her previously, Vivian felt that she was vindictive and it was impossible for her to like her.
###Chapter 380
Chapter 380 
However, she had always sensed a strange of closeness when it comes to Benedict. Now that she had heard him said those words to her, Vivian felt even more moved. 
Following a few hours in the hospital, Vivian considered whether to leave the hospital since Evelyn had not awoken yet. As if reading Vivian’s mind, Benedict stated, “Vivian, Evelyn is fine now. I can guard here by myself. You can go home first.” 
Vivian felt a little embarrassed because instead of staying with Evelyn as she mentioned earlier, now she wanted to leave first. However, she assumed that Evelyn wouldn’t want to see her when she regained consciousness. 
“Alright, then I’ll go back first. Take care of yourself.” Without coming up with excuses, Vivian told Benedict and left. 
She returned home to find Finnick already back from work. 
“Didn’t I say I’ll ask Noah to pick you up? Why did you come home by yourself?” In fact, Finnick informed Noah to be on standby before leaving work. Finnick didn’t expect her to come home without saying anything. 
“It’s alright, I happened to come across a cab when I was walking out.” 
Finnick did not want to dwell on that topic, then he asked, “How’s Evelyn?” 
Upon hearing Finnick ask about Evelyn, Vivian’s heart sank immensely the moment she recalled the scene from this afternoon where he carried Evelyn to the hospital in a panic and brushed her aside.
However he seemed to be rather calm upon mentioning Evelyn now, so it was better for her to not say much. 
“I’m not too sure. When I left, she wasn’t awake yet.” 
Finnick nodded and did not say much after that. 
As soon as Vivian woke up the next morning, she packed up and went to work at the magazine company. It wouldn’t make her feel good if she were to skip work for another day after taking so many days off. 
“Hello everyone, long time no see.” Despite her smile and joyful greeting, Vivian noticed none of her colleagues responded but stare at her in an inexplicable manner. It was as if their gazes were filled with… pity. 
“What’s the matter?” Vivian was puzzled by everyone’s reaction and wondered if she had missed any big news by not going to work for a few days. 
Everybody kept doing their own things with their head lowered down. No one answered Vivian’s question. 
As she sat down, with a puzzled look on her face, Vivian surveyed her colleagues around her. She noticed that everyone was looking at her secretly. However, the moment their gazes met, they hurriedly turned away and pretended to be busy. 
She was really baffled by that. Vivian stood up, walked over to Sarah’s seat and pulled her into the pantry quietly. 
“Vivian…” Sarah stared at Vivian worriedly, then she pulled Vivian’s hand while she spoke with conviction, “Vivian, you don’t need to worry. I believe Mr. Norton is not that type of person.”
“Huh?” After hearing Sarah say that, Vivian was utterly confused. “What has this got to do with Finnick? What’s happening, Vivian? Why are you acting weirdly too?” 
“Vivian, weren’t you there?” Sarah was also confused by Vivian. 
“What do you mean?” 
“It’s regarding Evelyn returning back from the dead. Weren’t you at the cemetery?” 
So this is the reason why everyone’s acting weirdly. Vivian smiled bitterly. And she thought she missed some big news, not expecting it to be about her. This matter was trending on the internet and widely spread all over Twitter. Everyone would definitely know about this. 
“Vivian, you should not believe those words on the Internet, they are all just speculations.” Sarah continued comforting Vivian, “Even though you are not as beautiful as Evelyn, I believe that Mr. Norton is not the kind of person who only cares about appearance. He wouldn’t abandon you for sure.” 
Vivian laughed at herself in her heart when she realized that even Sarah, who has always been by her side, didn’t think she was as good as Evelyn too. 
When Sarah noticed that her words did not only fail to comfort Vivian, but also made her mood even worse, only then did she realize what she had just said. 
“Vivian, I don’t mean that… I…” Sarah panicked as she tried to explain to Vivian. 
“It’s alright, I understand. Go back to your work.” Vivian patted Sarah’s shoulder to let her know that she knew she meant no harm.
###Chapter 381
Chapter 381 
“Yes, Vivian. I’ll always have your back.” Clenching her fist, Sarah uttered with determination. 
Vivian was amused by Sarah’s serious expression and pulled her back to her seat. 
“Oh, isn’t this Mrs. Norton?” Vivian heard Shannon say in a sarcastic tone as soon as she sat down. 
When or how did I offend Shannon? Why is she always mocking and making fun of me when gossip arises? 
Vivian ignored Shannon and pretended not to hear a single word. 
“That’s incorrect. You’re still Mrs. Norton now, however, we don’t know what will happen after a while.” Seeing Vivian remained silent, Shannon continued to sneer arrogantly, “That’s true. Since his real lover has returned, there wouldn’t be any place for you anymore. I think that you have to give up your title of Mrs. Norton very soon.” 
“What do you mean by that?” Vivian couldn’t hold back her anger anymore as she stood up and confronted Shannon. 
After seeing Vivian becoming infuriated, Shannon continued to mock, “Tch, Vivian, you’re still dreaming. Finnick’s first love has returned and she is gorgeous as always, do you think Finnick would still want you?” 
Sasha felt relief at the thought of Vivian being abandoned. What makes Vivian so special that she was able to hook up with the president of Finnor Group? Hmph, it’s about time for your downfall after so much time in the spotlight. Since Evelyn has returned, I don’t believe Finnick would still want you!
“You!” Despite her desire to retaliate, Vivian was not sure how she should respond. Her mind went back to what Benedict once told her in the hospital, talking about how a man’s first love would always have a special place in their heart. 
After seeing that Vivian remained speechless, Shannon rolled her eyes and slowly went back to her seat. 
“Some people are just too delusional after getting a short moment of recognition.” 
“Pfft!” After hearing Shannon’s words, several colleagues couldn’t help but laugh out loud while they gloated and looked at Vivian. Even the few people who once supported Vivian looked at her with sympathy, as if they were sure that she would be abandoned by Finnick. 
Vivian couldn’t endure the strange looks at work anymore, so she picked up her bag and left the office without greeting Fabian. 
Since Vivian hadn’t seen her mother for a long time and she needed her comfort as well, she went to Rachel’s apartment after she left the magazine. 
Within seconds of reaching the door, Vivian could hear Rachel’s laughter. 
Mom seems very happy. A smile appeared on Vivian’s face. This is the first time I’m hearing her laugh so happily in a while, I wonder why. 
As Vivian rang the doorbell, Rachel answered the door with a smile on her face. 
“Mom, why are you so happy?” Vivian asked smilingly. 
“It’s Vivian, quickly come in.” The moment Rachel saw it was Vivian, her expression changed as her smile slowly faded.
Having said that, Rachel opened the door and Vivian entered. 
“What’s the matter, mom? Do you not welcome me?” Vivian was confused by Rachel’s expression and she asked jokingly after. 
“Don’t say that, silly child.” Rachel gave Vivian a glare. 
“Haha.” As Vivian saw the childlike expression on Rachel’s face, she laughed and walked towards the house with her arm around her shoulder. However, Vivian froze when she spotted the person sitting on the sofa. 
Why is Evelyn here? 
“Evelyn, you should know Vivian, right?” Rachel introduced Vivian to Evelyn, then she turned to look at Vivian and said, “Vivian, this is Evelyn, Benedict’s younger sister. You might have seen her before.” 
Vivian smiled at Evelyn awkwardly while trying to figure out how to greet her in this situation. 
Evelyn, however, reached out to Vivian and grabbed her arm. “Vivian and I have known each other for a long time, Ms. Rachel. You don’t need to introduce us.” 
“Is that so? That’s good then, that’s good.” Rachel was also very happy to see Evelyn and Vivian so close. “Why not the both of you stay here for a meal today? I’ll go and cook now.”
###Chapter 382
Chapter 382 
“Alright Ms. Rachel, I loved your cooking when I was a kid. Since I haven’t had it for so many years, I really miss it.” 
“It’s good that you liked it. Tell me what you feel like eating and I’ll cook for you today.” Rachel was filled with joy after hearing Evelyn’s words. 
“Baked ribs, garlic butter seared scallops…” After Evelyn listed a number of dishes, Rachel jotted them down one by one, then went into the kitchen with a smile. 
When Vivian saw that her mother only asked Evelyn what she liked to eat, but not herself, a deep wave of sadness swept over her. However Evelyn is a guest, so it’s only appropriate for Mom to take care of her. 
Seeing Rachel had left, Evelyn let go of Vivian’s arm and sat on the sofa to drink tea instead of conversing with her. 
Vivian felt awkward and wasn’t sure what to talk to Evelyn about. Both of them remained silent. 
After sitting for a while, Evelyn got up and went into the kitchen as well. “Ms. Rachel, is there anything I can help with?” 
“Sure, come on in. Put on the apron so you don’t dirty your clothes.” Rachel’s laughter filled the kitchen. 
Hearing laughter from the kitchen, Vivian sat in the living room with tears already in her eyes. She felt like a guest in this house instead. 
After a long wait, the food was finally ready. As the three of them sat down, Rachel ushered them to begin eating.
“Evelyn, try these baked ribs. I remember this was your favorite when you were a kid.” Rachel took a piece of baked ribs and placed it on Evelyn’s plate. 
“Alright, thank you Ms. Rachel.” Evelyn took a bite and said, “Ms. Rachel, this tastes really good! It’s the same as what I had when I was a kid.” 
“Really?” Rachel was overjoyed to hear that, then she said, “Come, try this one.” 
As Vivian watched her mother fill Evelyn’s plate with food while completely ignoring her, she felt the tears she had repressed earlier bubbling up from within once more. 
I don’t care about other people. However, she’s my mom and the closest person to me in the world. How could it be that she likes Evelyn even more than me? 
In an attempt to keep her tears from falling, Vivian lowered her head and continued eating. However, the other two people at the table were talking and laughing, and no one noticed Vivian’s odd behavior. 
After they finished their meal and she helped her mother wash the dishes, Vivian could not bear the sight of Rachel and Evelyn laughing and talking anymore. Hence, she told Rachel she had something to attend to and that she needed to leave. 
After hearing Vivian was going to leave, Evelyn quickly said, “Just in time. I have something to attend to as well, I’ll give Vivian a lift.” 
Rachel responded sadly, “You’re leaving too? Remember to come and visit me when you have the time.” 
“That’s for sure, Ms. Rachel. I’ll come over for dinner more often in the future.” Evelyn smiled and gave Rachel a hug.
“I look forward to it. Rachel laughed as she was amused by Evelyn’s remark, then she said, “Alright then, since you girls are busy, you should go ahead and don’t let me hold you back.” 
“Alright, take care of yourself Mom. We’ll make a move now.” After she bid farewell to Rachel with a heavy heart, Vivian and Evelyn went downstairs together. 
The moment they arrived downstairs, Evelyn asked Vivian, “Vivian, where are you going? I’ll send you there.” 
“No thanks, I can take a cab home.” Vivian didn’t want to spend another moment with Evelyn, so she refused. 
“It’s not safe for a girl to take a cab alone, I’ll send you.” Evelyn uttered while dragging Vivian to her car. 
It would look pretentious if she refused again, so Vivian was left no choice but to get into Evelyn’s car. 
“How are you feeling now?” Vivian asked Evelyn when she recalled that she had recently been discharged from the hospital. 
“I’m fine, it’s just some regular illness that I have,” Evelyn simply replied. “Vivian, don’t you mind?” 
“Mind what?” Vivian didn’t know what Evelyn was referring to. 
After taking a glance at Vivian, Evelyn uttered, “About Finnick carrying me to the hospital.”
###Chapter 383
Chapter 383 
Vivian scrambled for a suitable reply. How can I possibly admit that it bothers me? 
“You passed out. Finnick carrying you to the hospital is perfectly understandable.” 
“I’m glad that you think that way,” Evelyn said with a saccharine smile. “After all, Finnick is your husband. I wouldn’t want this incident to drive a wedge between you two.” 
“You probably don’t know about this, but back in the elevator, Finnick was so worried about me that his face paled. I guess he was afraid that something bad would happen to me, which is why he picked me up and rushed me to the hospital as soon as the doors opened. He didn’t have the mind to care for your feelings then, so I hope that you don’t hold that against him.” Evelyn simpered and glanced at Vivian, trying to capture the slightest change in her expression. “Although Finnick still cares about me like he always did, we’re just friends. There’s no need to worry about me; I promise that I wouldn’t come between your relationship with him.” 
On the surface, Evelyn appeared to be justifying Finnick’s actions the day before. However, relish seeped through her voice as she recounted the incident. 
Although Evelyn stated that she had no intentions to pursue Finnick, Vivan could hear the other girl’s unspoken taunt. Finnick is mine. He is still in love with me, so you have no right to take him from me. 
Vivian did not respond. I’ll have to keep an eye out for Evelyn in the future, but can I really prevent the inevitable by sheer willpower? Vivian felt like Finnick was slipping through her fingers. 
“This is my stop. You can drop me off here.” Vivian had no idea where she was, but being in the same space as Evelyn was so suffocating that she needed to escape.
Evelyn, too, had no desire to spend time with Vivan and promptly sped away the moment Vivian exited the car. 
Through the rearview mirror, Evelyn watched Vivian’s figure shrink in the distance. Her eyes gleamed with contempt and disdain. My jabs at her couldn’t have been more obvious, yet she didn’t even try to retaliate. What a spineless loser. I suppose it’s good for me — I can easily trample her beneath my feet. 
The following day, Vivian received a call from Finnick’s grandfather out of the blue. He invited her to have a meal with him. Realizing that she had not seen the old man in a while, Vivian agreed without hesitation. She headed straight to the agreed location after work. 
“Vivian, I’ve heard about everything that happened with Evelyn. How are you? Are you alright?” Mr. Norton cut to the chase as soon as they took their seats. He was worried that the incident would take an emotional toll on Vivian. 
“I’m fine,” Vivian reassured him. Gratitude warmed her heart when she met Mr. Norton’s concerned gaze. At least grandpa genuinely cares about me. “Don’t worry about me, grandpa. I’m doing well, and I won’t make silly assumptions.” 
However, Mr. Norton’s expression grew more troubled when he heard Vivian’s nonchalant reply. He opened his mouth to speak, but the words stuck in his throat. 
Vivian realized by then that Mr. Norton did not ask to meet up just to console her. He had something important to tell her. 
“Grandpa, is there something that you want to say? Does it have to do with Evelyn?” Vivian inquired solemnly.
“Yes,” Mr. Norton confirmed. Since Vivian had brought it up herself, there was no need to avoid it anymore. “It’s about the kidnapping incident ten years ago that you asked me to investigate. We’ve recently had a new break in the case.” 
Vivian’s face took on a melancholic look at the mention of the kidnapping case that occurred ten years ago. “Grandpa, since Evelyn has returned and brought to light everything that happened ten years ago, there’s no need to continue the investigation. Thank you for all your effort thus far.” 
Mr. Norton shook his head in dispute. “Evelyn’s explanation is plastered all over the news network, and I’ve read it as well. However, it does not correspond with what we’ve uncovered during the investigation.” 
“What do you mean?” Vivian asked anxiously. She had never considered the fact that Evelyn’s story would differ from the investigation findings. 
“I looked into the janitor who allegedly saved Evelyn, but sources said that they saw the janitor playing cards during the time of occurrence. He was nowhere near Evelyn.” 
“Grandpa, are you implying that Evelyn lied?” Vivian felt like he had dropped a bomb on her. A wave of incredulity and confusion washed over her. “But why would she do that?”
###Chapter 384
Chapter 384 
“I can’t be sure too. We still don’t have a clear outline of what exactly went down that year. For now, all we have are fragments of information.” Mr. Norton could not make sense of the situation as well. “Vivian, I’ll be honest and tell you that I’ve never liked Evelyn. She has been manipulative and cunning since young. Do keep your guard up whenever you interact with her,” Mr. Norton cautioned. 
“I understand, Grandpa,” Vivian replied earnestly. 
Vivian mulled over the conversation as she walked home later. Based on Mr. Norton’s words, it was without doubt that Evelyn had fabricated a story. There had been dozens of discrepancies in her narrative when she first described the incident to the Morrisons. 
But why would Evelyn lie about this? And if the janitor didn’t rescue her, how did she escape the fire? 
Vivian’s mind exploded with questions as she tried her best to wrap her head around the situation, but her efforts were to no avail. Curiosity eventually got the better of her. She made a call to Evelyn and asked to meet up. Vivian wished to question her in person. 
Evelyn breezily agreed to Vivian’s request, not giving it much thought. 
“Let’s meet at the same café we went to on the shopping trip,” Vivian suggested. With that, she ended the call and headed to the venue. 
There was no sign of Evelyn when Vivian arrived at the destination. Vivian ordered a coffee and sipped on it, savoring its aromatic bitterness as she recollected her frenzied thoughts. 
Evelyn would never admit it if I asked her point-blank if she lied. How can I prove that she lied and convince her to tell the truth at the same time?
Then, murmurs rose around Vivian, jarring her out of her thoughts. 
She lifted her head to scan her surroundings and noticed that everyone’s gazes were fixed in the same direction as they whispered amongst themselves, their eyes shining with amazement. 
She followed their stares and noticed Evelyn approaching her. 
Evelyn’s baby blue blouse was adorned with intricate embroidery, and her A-line leather skirt fell to her knees, adding to her classy appearance. However, the star of the outfit was a pair of white stilettos that elongated her slender legs. 
Elegant, pure, and striking. Three wholly different characteristics blended harmoniously to create a picture of sophistication that was Evelyn. She exuded such allure that it took one’s breath away. 
Vivian was in no mood to appreciate Evelyn’s beauty. Her mind was dominated by one thought, Why did Evelyn lie? Vivian was certain that Mr. Norton would never lie to her, so that left only one possibility — Evelyn had twisted the truth. What exactly happened that year? 
“Vivian, why did you want to meet up with me?” Evelyn walked across the café and took a seat opposite Vivian. The men ogled at her with infatuation while the women’s eyes blazed with envy. 
“No particular reason. I have some time to kill but no accomplice to do it with, so I contacted you.” Vivian bluffed. “I didn’t interrupt anything, did I?” 
“No, I have time to spare as well,” Evelyn replied with a gracious smile before ordering a cappuccino. 
“Evelyn, do you remember what the janitor who saved you looks like?” Vivian tried to act casual as she struck up a conversation.
Alarm bells rang in Evelyn’s head when Vivian brought up the event that happened that fateful year. “Why the sudden interest?” she countered with another question. 
“Oh, nothing. Your brother told me that he wants to repay the person who rescued you but could not find the janitor.” Vivian’s mind raced to come up with a passable excuse. 
“He asked me for help since I’m working at a magazine company. Unfortunately, we have no leads at all, and I don’t know where to start. That’s why I resort to asking you directly. It would really speed things up if you could describe his appearance.” 
“Is that so?” Evelyn contemplated Vivian’s words. “Why have I never heard of this?” 
“He probably hasn’t found a good time to tell you,” Vivian gave her an ambiguous answer and glossed over Evelyn’s question to avoid more suspicion. “Why don’t you start with describing the janitor’s looks or any unique characteristics? I’ll talk to the senior editor and try to put out an advertisement stating that we’re looking for this man. Who knows, it might just work!”
###Chapter 385
Chapter 385 
As soon as she finished her piece, Vivian scrutinized Evelyn’s face for the slightest shift in her expression. If what Evelyn told the Morrisons was true, then she would definitely remember the janitor’s appearance. 
After all, according to Evelyn, she had suffered from amnesia after the accident. If so, the face of the first person she had seen upon waking up should be etched in her brain, especially since he was her savior. 
“I don’t know too,” Evelyn confessed, her eyes flickering with an unfathomable emotion. There was a slight tremor in her voice when she spoke. “The person had already left when I came to. It was the nurse who told me that a janitor had brought me to the hospital.” 
“I distinctly remember you telling the Morrisons that you saw the janitor the moment you woke up. Why are you contradicting yourself now?” Vivian caught the inconsistency in Evelyn’s tale and clung to it like a dog with a bone. 
“Did I? I said that?” Evelyn could barely keep her calm facade. Anxiety rose within her. “You must have misheard me. I’m sure that I never mentioned meeting that janitor.” 
“In that case, how did you know that he untied you and Finnick? You also said that he dragged you out of the burning building first but couldn’t go back to save Finnick because the fire grew too big. How did you know all of the details? Surely, the janitor told you everything.” At this point, Vivian was almost positive that everything Evelyn had told them was no more than an elaborate concoction. 
“I-I initially…” Evelyn stuttered, rendered speechless by Vivian’s merciless bombardment. She eventually collected herself and snapped at Vivian, “What is it that you want, Vivian?”
“Evelyn, you’re a liar,” Vivian announced with conviction. “You were not rescued by a janitor that year. Be honest and tell me right now what exactly happened that year! How did you escape?” Infuriated, Vivian’s voice went up quite a few decibels. 
“You’re right. I lied.” Evelyn decided to come clean. Vivian had seen through her deception, so there was no need to keep up the pretense anymore. “I escaped on my own,” she confessed. 
Although Vivian had an inkling of what happened, hearing the truth out loud still felt like a blow to her stomach. She was overwhelmed by anguish for Finnick. “Since you were conscious, why didn’t you wake Finnick up? Why did you leave alone? Did you want to see him burn alive in the fire?” Vivian shrieked, losing her composure. 
“That’s none of your business,” Evelyn said curtly as she stood up and took her bag to leave. Vivian’s outburst had caused quite the commotion, and the people around them were staring unabashedly in their direction. 
“Stand right where you are!” Vivian grabbed Evelyn’s wrist. “You can’t leave until you tell me everything that happened that year.” 
Evelyn flung Vivian’s hand away and snapped, “Are you done? Stop this nonsense! What does that incident have to do with you? I’m warning you — stay out of this matter, or you’ll get into deep trouble.” 
Vivian quivered with rage when she realized that Evelyn did not feel even a hint of remorse for what she had done. On the contrary, the liar had the audacity to threaten her! “I’ll tell Finnick everything. I’d love to see you try to mend things with him!” 
Evelyn burst into a fit of manic laughter when she heard Vivian’s words. “Oh, Vivian. Are you threatening me? Go ahead and tell Finnick everything. We’ll see who he believes — you or me,” she taunted.
Their dispute had attracted the attention of many. Upon noticing this, Evelyn sat back down instead of leaving and smirked at Vivian. 
“Vivian, are you really so naive to think that Finnick actually likes you? Take a look in the mirror and think again. Do you know what we did when we were stuck in the elevator for 3 hours?” Evelyn gave Vivian a suggestive look. “Finnick told me that he’s still in love with me. As for you, he’ll divorce you sooner or later. I’m telling you, Vivian William, Finnick is mine, and I will get him back! Do you actually think that you’re a match for me?” Evelyn’s goading words were akin to a declaration of war. 
“Don’t you dare, Evelyn!” Enraged, Vivian slammed her hand onto the table. “Do you think that I’d actually believe your claims? I—” 
Before Vivian could finish her sentence, Evelyn tilted her chair backward and toppled to the floor. Perhaps it was unintentional, but as she fell, the tip of her foot caught a table leg. The table tipped over from the momentum, and the coffee mugs crashed to the floor, shattering into pieces.
###Chapter 386
Chapter 386 
As Evelyn fell, her face grazed over glass shards on the ground. Instantly, blood raced furiously down her face. 
Vivian froze at the sight. She never expected to cause Evelyn’s fall by simply slamming the table. 
Before Vivian could react, Evelyn let out a blood-curdling shriek. “M-my face!” 
Evelyn’s trembling fingers tapped at the bloody wound on her face. She aimed at finger at Evelyn in anger. “Look what you have done to my face! Vivian, you are a vicious snake! Why did you ruin my face!” 
Evelyn’s tears rushed down like rivers, washing away the bloodstains on her delicate face. This scene was enough to cause great distress for anyone watching. Many passers-by approached to help Evelyn, some even hurriedly phone hospitals for medical assistance. 
They had been drawn to Evelyn when she first arrived. Everyone was dazed by her noble aura and exquisite appearance. After all, such beauty was a feast for the eyes regardless of where they went. 
However, the gorgeous belle was covered in coffee stains and had a cut on her face. She lay awkwardly on the ground, with coffee stains on her clothes and a cut on her face. Seeing this, an urge to rescue the damsel in distress burst in everyone’s hearts. In their eyes, Vivian looked more ruthless than the evil queen who gave Snow White a poisoned apple. 
“Hey, what’s your problem? Just take it easy. There’s no need to resort to such a foul measure,” a man shouted at Vivian. 
As soon as he finished, others began hounding at her, “That’s right! Ruining someone’s face is a nasty move, I bet you’re jealous of her good looks. I guess hell hath no fury like a jealous woman.”
“That’s not entirely true! Not all women are as vile as her,” a woman said. The woman stepped forward and shoved Vivian, causing her to stagger and fall back to the ground. This time, no one rushed to help her. Instead, they glared at her with a look that said she deserved it. 
“Your actions have embarrassed all women,” the woman continued. She glared condescendingly at Vivian who was on the ground with a righteous look. Then, she spat, “Your parents gave you your looks. Even if you think you’re ugly, that doesn’t give you the right to bring others down with you. Clearly, not only are you plain-looking compared to this lady, but you also have an ugly heart.” 
“Well-said,” the man who had shouted earlier agreed. He spoke feeling a little bad, “I apologize for the rash words I said earlier. To all the ladies present, please do not be offended by my rude words.” 
“That’s alright, your words rang true for that vile woman.” 
“Yes, we all know that they weren’t intentionally aimed at us.” 
“But this woman’s actions are unforgivable…” 
… 
Murmurs of agreement spread around the passers-by. Shockingly, everyone pointed the finger at Vivian. 
Struggling to get off the ground, Vivian noticed that her palm had scraped against the gravel earlier. She could see the wounds on both her palms which were covered in multiple cuts. 
Not paying more attention to her wounds, Vivian frantically explained to the people around her, “I didn’t push her. It’s not what you think…” 
“We saw what you did with our own eyes. You have some nerve to weasel your way out!”
“Yeah! Do you think we’re blind? We all saw you pushing the lady.” 
“So what you’re saying is, the lady fell on her own fall and cut her face too? Pish-tush! At least try to cover up your tracks better, if you’re going to lie.” 
“You obviously did it, why don’t you just admit your actions?” 
… 
It was painstakingly obvious that no one believed Vivian. 
Everyone surrounded Evelyn, guarding her well. It was as if they were afraid Vivian would attack her at any second. Seeing this, Vivian couldn’t find it in her to argue anymore. 
“The ambulance is here!” Before another round of judgment started, the blaring of an ambulance sounded from afar. 
No longer bothered by Vivian, everyone carefully assisted Evelyn onto the ambulance. 
There and then, Vivian knew that it was pointless to explain the whole story. Noticing that Evelyn was in fact, seriously injured, Vivian joined the crowd in hopes of sending her to the hospital safely.
###Chapter 387
Chapter 387 
“What do you think you’re doing!” Someone shoved Vivian away as soon as she approached the ambulance. The person continued, “What? Haven’t you done enough damage? Are you going to attack her at the hospital too?” 
“I’m not… I just wanted to make sure she’s okay,” Vivian felt she had been wronged. Evelyn got injured but that doesn’t mean I hurt her intentionally. 
“Who are you trying to fool? Someone like you should be turned in to the authorities.” The person stepped in front of Vivian as if he were about to grab her. 
But the ambulance had already driven away. Vivian didn’t bother explaining, she wasted no time in hailing a taxi and rushed off to the hospital. 
She needed to know what exactly happened back then as this was something about Finnick’s safety. She needed to put the pieces together. Moreover, she felt that Evelyn had planned the accident earlier. An unjust feeling churned in Vivian, she needed to prove her innocence. 
When Vivian arrived at the hospital, she was shocked to see that Benedict and Finnick had also shown up. 
“Finnick!” Vivian felt a wave of relief and immediately told him about what Mr. Norton had discovered. “When I met with Evelyn today, she admitted that she wasn’t saved by a janitor back then. She said that she had escaped the fire all by herself.” 
Vivian scrambled and told Finnick everything she had discovered. But there was one thing that boggled her—if Evelyn could escape on her own, why didn’t she save Finnick? Finnick was a smart man. She believed that if anyone were to figure it out, it would be him.
But Finnick’s face had darkened from the moment he saw Vivian. And as he listened to her recent discoveries, his expression thundered into a storm. 
“If Evelyn left on her own back then, why did she disappear all these years?” Finnick stared at Vivian and asked, “Then, how did the rope on my body get untie?” 
“I haven’t looked into that yet.” For a second, Vivian worried that Finnick might not believe her. “But Evelyn admitted it herself…” 
“That’s enough!” Finnick interrupted her impatiently. 
“Finnick… what’s wrong?” Sensing his indifference, Vivian was at a loss for what to do. She asked cautiously, “Why the tone?” 
Finnick eyed her disappointedly. He pulled out his phone, unlocked it, and clicked on a video before showing it to her. “Look for yourself.” 
Vivian was gobsmacked at the video’s contents. 
The video showed the details of what happened between Vivian and Evelyn this afternoon at the café. 
Vivian looked furious; she bared her teeth and it looked like she was snarling. Opposite her, Evelyn looked calm, as if she were the victim. Eventually, Vivian slammed the table, causing the coffee cup to spill and shatter on the ground. Then, Evelyn fell too and scraped herself on the shards from the cups. 
Though the video was taken from a distance and had no audio, it clearly captured what happened between the two women. Only the last scene where Evelyn got injured was blurred. Though, it really seemed as if she had pushed Evelyn, injuring her on purpose.
It appeared that someone in the café recognized her and Evelyn. They probably recorded this video and posted it online in hopes of creating gossip. 
“Finnick, listen to me. That was not what happened,” Vivian urged. The words rushed out of her mouth. “I didn’t push her; she fell on her own.” 
“Do you really think I’ll believe what you say?” Finnick said in a low growl. His brows furrowed in disappointment, not expecting that Vivian would deny the obvious truth. “Do you really hate Evelyn that much that you not only injure her but also spread lies to defame her? 
“So you think that I’m framing her,” Vivian said. She couldn’t believe what she had heard. Taking two steps backward, she distanced herself from Finnick, realizing the sadness and shock that clouded in his eyes. 
She had always believed that Finnick trusted her completely, that was why she told him everything that Mr. Norton had shared with her.
###Chapter 388
Chapter 388 
Vivian understood why it was so hard for Finnick to believe that Evelyn had escaped on her own. After all, Vivian didn’t even believe it herself until Evelyn confessed to doing it. The whole situation did not make sense. 
But Vivian didn’t expect that Finnick would believe those online rumors and even blame her for Evelyn’s injury. That’s what he thinks of me? Vivian’s heart hardened. Am I just a snake to him? Does he really think I would physically harm a woman out of jealousy? 
“So you believe those online rumors? You think I hurt Evelyn on purpose?” Vivian’s chin trembled as her eyes reddened. 
Finnick said nothing. But Vivian understood what his silence meant—he didn’t believe her at all. 
She no longer had the will to do further explanation. Vivian scoffed; her shoulders slumped as she turned to walk away. 
Just as she turned, tears came streaming down. Vivian felt the injustice and the white-hot anger steaming in her. 
What does the kidnapping case from ten years ago have to do with me? She didn’t have to be involved at all. But she kept chasing that case because of Finnick, because she cared for him… That’s why she interrogated Evelyn. Look where that got me. Forget about the rumors, how could Finnick not believe me? Vivian felt that everything she had done for him suddenly became meaningless. 
Before Vivian could leave, Finnick reached out and grabbed her arm. He turned her around and realized that her face had been covered in tears.
Vivian’s swollen eyes looked away stubbornly, she didn’t want to look at him. This stirred a distressing emotion in Finnick. 
“Vivian, I’m not saying that you hurt Evelyn on purpose. I just think that you’ve been acting strangely these days. Is it because of Evelyn?” His tone was gentler than before. “There is nothing between me and Evelyn. You don’t have to care so much about her, you’re not being yourself anymore.” 
“I’m not being myself?” Vivian flung away from his grasp. Her eyes met his. She mocked, “So what does my current self look like to you? A vicious woman? Or a jealous wife?” 
“Vivian!” Finnick stepped closer to regain hold of her arm. He spoke with a voice that almost growled at her, “Do you have to fight me on this? You know that’s not what I meant. Please, just stop being unreasonable.” 
“Am I being unreasonable?” Vivian wasn’t sure if she should laugh or cry at his cruel words. So he really thinks that it’s my fault? 
“Enough, I don’t want to talk about it anymore.” Vivian needed to calm herself. She broke away from his grip and headed for the doors. Without so much as a glance, she said, “I want to be left alone.” 
This time, Finnick stood still as she left. He knew that running after her would only make things worse. And he really didn’t want to argue with Vivian anymore. 
Just as she stepped outside the hospital, Vivian saw her mother rushing towards her. 
“Mom, what are you doing here?” Confused, Vivian hurriedly approached Rachel. 
Smack!
As soon as she got near Rachel, she was slapped across her face. Vivian froze wide-eyed for some time. 
She was lost until the fiery sting nipped across her face. Soothing her cheek with a hand, Vivian looked at Rachel in disbelief. She cried out, “Mom! What are you doing!” 
Rachel was visibly in shock too. Her hand still trembled from slapping her daughter as she cried out louder, “What am I doing? I should ask you. How could you injure Evelyn’s face out of jealousy!” 
Only then did Vivian realize that Rachel was here to check up on Evelyn, not her. Rachel even slapped her because of Evelyn’s injury without checking the whole situation. 
Vivian’s heart wrenched. Am I not her daughter? Shouldn’t she be worried about the situation I am in? How could she jump to conclusion and slap me? 
“Mom, I didn’t hurt Evelyn. You have to believe me! What happened at the café…” Vivian clambered to tell Rachel the truth about what happened.
###Chapter 389
Chapter 389 
“How could you still lie. I saw the videos online, I saw you push Evelyn with my eyes.” Rachel completely refused Vivian’s explanation. She dragged Vivian towards the hospital doors, saying, “You and I are going in there and you’re going to apologize to Evelyn! You will do so until she forgives you!” 
“I won’t. I didn’t do anything wrong!” Vivian’s feet stood firmly. There was no way she was going to apologize to Evelyn. 
“Why must you insist on pissing me off—” Rachel coughed and wheezed harder as she yanked on Vivian’s arm. “You will apologize to Evelyn today, no matter what!” 
Seeing how Rachel was coughing badly, Vivian softened her stance, no longer resisting. She allowed her mother to drag her into Evelyn’s ward. 
There, Benedict and Finnick watched over Evelyn who had her face wrapped in bandages and was lying on the hospital bed and resting. 
As Rachel dragged Vivian into the room, Evelyn immediately sat upright. She asked, “Ms. Rachel, what are you doing here?” 
“No, no. Don’t strain yourself!” Rachel rushed to support Evelyn, gently laying her down again. Upon looking at Evelyn’s heavily bandaged face, Rachel felt so sorry for her. “How are you feeling? Does it hurt?” 
“I’m alright, Ms. Rachel.” Evelyn placed a hand on Rachel’s, saying, “It doesn’t hurt. Don’t worry about it.” 
“How can it not hurt?” Tears rolled down Rachel’s face. “I’m so sorry Evelyn. This is all Vivian’s fault. I’ve already reprimanded her, so please don’t hold anything against her. She’s going to apologize now,”
Rachel continued. 
Rachel turned and barked at Vivian, “Hurry up and apologize to Evelyn!” 
“Mom!” Seeing her own mother defended Evelyn, bitterness tightened in her chest. It made Vivian shout, “I didn’t push her! Her injury has nothing to do with me. Why don’t you believe me?” 
“You’re not admitting your fault. Y-you…” Rachel pointed a trembling finger at Vivian. She was furious and choked on her breath. 
“Ms. Rachel, don’t work yourself up.” Evelyn reached out to stroke Rachel’s back. “I’m sure Vivian didn’t do it on purpose. Maybe she just felt nervous that Finnick and I are close, so she couldn’t control herself.” 
Evelyn’s face had morphed itself extremely well. It flashed a convincingly sincere expression as she said, “Vivian. That last time, my condition was worrying. That’s why Finnick carried me to the hospital. Please don’t get the wrong idea. I’m only visiting for old times’ sake, and I won’t get between your relationship with Finnick.” 
“Drop the pitiful act, Evelyn!” Vivian was furious. It was obvious that Evelyn was playing the victim. She slyly made herself the bigger person whilst hinting that Vivian was a jealous, scheming woman. Fiery anger throbbed in Vivian’s vision. 
“You knew clearly what happened today. And you and I both knew how you got that wound on your face. So why the act? Are you afraid to admit what you told me earlier on how you escaped the fire on your own?” Vivian challenged. 
Smack!
Rachel’s anger sizzled as she slapped her daughter. “If you don’t want to apologize, then fine. But how can you slander her like this? Is this how I raised you?” 
After being slapped twice by her mother, Vivian’s sorrow split her open. “Mom. Am I even your daughter… Maybe you should make Evelyn your daughter!” 
After snarling those words, Vivian ran out of the room like a wild animal, raging and uncontrolled. 
She kept running until she made it to the end of the corridor. There, she stopped. Her lungs exploded, clawing at her insides for air. Vivian slumped onto the ground. She leaned against the wall for support and buried her head deep into her knees, muffling her frustrated cries. Her muffled cries went on and on until her throat was raw. 
It was painstakingly clear that Evelyn was framing her. But both her mother and husband, the two people she was closest to and trusted wholeheartedly weren’t willing to believe her. 
They took Evelyn’s word for it and accused Vivian of being the vicious woman. Even Rachel, who had never once hit Vivian, took it upon herself to slap Vivian twice because of Evelyn’s lies.
###Chapter 390
Chapter 390 
She felt the threat of a furious scream tickle the back of her throat. And it was all because of them; the passers-by who sneered at her, Finnick and Racher who yelled at her… Each scene pounded in Vivian’s mind. Her breath snagged and it sent gooseflesh down her back. 
Vivian felt like no one in the world believed her, not a soul. She was standing all alone. 
As Evelyn’s flawless face flashed in her mind, Vivian no longer saw it as beautiful. Now, all Vivian wanted to do was to rip off Evelyn’s disguise and expose her rotten soul. Vivian wanted the world to know Evelyn’s true face. If only they knew how good an actress Evelyn was. 
But how could she do that? 
Drowned deep in her thoughts, Vivian hadn’t noticed that someone had squatted down before her. Vivian raised her head, trailing from the person’s feet up towards the face—It is Benedict! 
Seeing Vivian’s heavily swollen eyes and the snot that slid down her nostrils, Benedict felt bad. He took a handkerchief from his pocket and passed it to Vivian. 
Her jaw tightened. She glared at him but did nothing—she didn’t take his handkerchief or say a word. Benedict sighed, extending his arm to wipe the tears and snot off Vivian’s face. 
“Go away,” Vivian roared. She smacked his hand away, saying, “I don’t need your pity.” 
Picking up the handkerchief that had been flung aside, Benedict approached Vivian again and placed it in her hand. “At least wipe your face.” 
“Why do you care!” The thought of Benedict being Evelyn’s older brother made Vivian angrier. “Your sister got what she wanted, now mom and Finnick won’t believe a word I say. So don’t pretend like you
have a heart.” 
“I believe you,” Benedict said softly, unbothered by her yells. 
Vivian stilled. “You do?” 
“Yes,” Benedict answered. His calm eyes met her gaze without hesitation. “I believe you,” he repeated. 
“Why?” Vivian felt puzzled. Finally, someone believed her. But it wasn’t someone she expected. “You have doubt on your sister’s words, but you trust mine?” 
For a brief second, Vivian saw his face turn pink from embarrassment. That makes sense. Not many people in this world would choose to trust outsiders over their own blood and kin. 
With fingers clenched in hesitation, Benedict spoke bitterly. “I’ve watched her grow up my whole life. I know her like the back of my hands. And if there’s something she likes, she will stop at nothing to get it.” 
He noticed that Vivian still looked confused, so he sat beside her and continued, “When Evelyn was in kindergarten, her classmate brought a pretty doll to class. Evelyn loved it so much that she asked if the girl could gift the doll to her. But the girl said no. 
“Afterward, during playtime with the girl, Evelyn came crying to her teacher. There were bloodstains and scratch marks on her arm. And Evelyn blamed the girl for it. 
“The teachers called the girl’s parents and me. When we got there, Evelyn ran into my arms and cried saying that she only wanted to hug the doll because she loved it a lot. But she never expected the girl to hit her for wanting to do that.
“I remember how the girl softly denied hitting Evelyn. I assumed she was just frightened by the blood on Evelyn’s arm. Since the girl didn’t even try to defend herself, her parents really believed that their daughter injured Evelyn on purpose. They gifted the doll to Evelyn and that stopped her cries. 
“We didn’t think anything of it. But the teacher suspected something was off because the girl was a gentle soul. When they checked the surveillance recordings, they found that Evelyn had scratched into herself when they were playing. Once it was bloodied, she ran towards the teacher, crying.”
###Chapter 391
Chapter 391 
“I guess the teacher doesn’t want to make a big deal out of it since it’s just a squabble among kids.But I’ll have to teach Evelyn a lesson when we get home. 
” 
Benedict was embarrassed to look at Vivian when he made that remark. Evelyn probably did this intentionally so that Finnick would lose faith in Vivian. 
Upon hearing that, Vivian was overwhelmed by mixed feelings. I can’t believe how conniving Evelyn is. She’s still so young! 
“So, you’re saying Evelyn likes Finnick, and she won’t give him up? Does that mean she lied when she promised she would not get between Finnick and me?” 
“I’m afraid so,” Benedict nodded, “That’s why I told you to be mindful of her.” 
Vivian took a glance at Benedict and asked, “Did you believe me when I told you Evelyn escaped without Finnick during the fire incident ten years ago then?” 
“I did,” Benedict nodded at first, but he added, “But I believe Evelyn didn’t leave Finnick there on purpose. 
“She must have panicked since she didn’t have the energy to carry him. I guess she was too afraid to tell us the truth since she thought we might reprimand her.” 
Evelyn was Benedict’s sister, after all. Thus, he did not wish to think of her as someone with evil intent.
At that point, Vivian was touched when she heard that Benedict trusted her, but somehow, she was still a little crestfallen. She was upset that Finnick and her Mom chose to believe the rumors on the Internet instead of her explanation. Yet, Evelyn’s very own brother believed what I said. What an irony. 
“Why do you believe me?” Vivian asked, “For all you know, I could be lying to you too.” 
“Because I know Evelyn too well,” Benedict responded with a wry smile. He looked into her eyes and said, “You might think I’m crazy, but everything you do or say makes me want to believe you.” After spending quite some time with you, I believe you’re a person with integrity. 
“Thank you,” Vivian looked at him and said. Benedict seemed to always be on her side. The man was there when Rachel was admitted to the hospital. He was also with her at the cemetery, fending off the paparazzi. It seemed whenever Vivian was in trouble, Benedict would always appear in the nick of time to take care of her. 
“Don’t worry about it.” Benedict looked at the serious expression on Vivian’s face and patted the back of her head gently. 
Patting a person’s head was an intimate act, but Vivian did not take offense to it. In fact, she thought of him as a close family member and responded with a grin. 
At this point, Vivian heard footsteps coming in her direction. The moment she saw Finnick, the smile on her face instantly disappeared. She pressed her lips and lowered her head. 
Finnick stared at Vivian with disdain. Just a while ago, she raised her voice and argued with him, but with Benedict by her side, she was all smiles. 
Walking up to her, Finnick extended his hand. “Let’s go home.”
Nonetheless, Vivian ignored him. She then pressed her palm against a wall and tried standing up on her own. All of a sudden, her legs turned numb, causing her to stagger and falling down the next second. 
However, Benedict, who stood beside her, caught her on time before she collapsed on the ground. At that moment, Vivian leaned against his chest as if she had done it on purpose. 
A hard glint flashed through Finnick’s eyes as he observed their interaction from a distance. He walked up to her, carried her up in his arms, and walked away immediately. 
Vivian tried pushing him away as she wanted to get down, but Finnick tightened his grip and refused to put her down. Left with no choice, she could only give him a killer stare. “Put me down!”
###Chapter 392
Chapter 392 
Despite that, Finnick continued carrying her out of the hospital as if he was not bothered by how mad she was. 
Upon seeing them coming out of the building, Noah immediately walked over to the car and opened the passenger’s door behind. Finnick then placed her on her seat and sat beside her. 
“Go home,” Finnick instructed Noah with a straight face. Meanwhile, Vivian tilted her head to the other side to avoid seeing Finnick. 
It was obvious that the tension in the car was palpable. Thus, Noah decided to keep mum and started driving. As expected, no one talked throughout the journey back to the villa. 
Once the car arrived at the villa’s entrance, Vivian opened the car door and walked toward the living hall. Finnick, too, quickly got down from the car and followed right behind. 
Yet Vivian showed no signs of slowing down. She strode across the living hall, walked upstairs, and went straight into the bedroom. 
When she was about to lock the door from inside, Finnick forced the door open and stopped her. 
As he entered the room, Vivian turned around and walked into her closet. She then grabbed some fresh clothes and appeared to be ready to leave. Just as she was about to get out of the room, Finnick stopped her. “Let’s talk.” 
“There’s nothing for us to talk about.” Vivian walked to the other side of the door. “Move. I want to take a shower.”
However, Finnick pulled her over and grabbed both of her arms from behind. “Don’t be mad at me first, alright? Let’s talk about Evelyn.” 
Hearing Evelyn’s name instantly struck a nerve, making Vivian explode with rage. “I said there’s nothing to talk about! We don’t need to talk since you don’t even believe me! Let me go!” 
Nonetheless, Finnick tried to stop Vivian. “Can you please calm down? You shouldn’t let your emotions take over you, Vivian. Let’s just sit down and talk, okay?” 
“No! I don’t want to talk to you! I just want to have my freakin’ SHOWER!” Vivian roared. 
“Fine!” His frustration kicked in, and he, too, exploded. “If that’s the case, then let’s shower!” He then dragged Vivian to the shower. 
“What the hell are you doing?” Vivian started crying as she was at her breaking point. 
After pulling her into the room and shoving her to the bed, Finnick lay on top of her and kissed her tear- stained cheeks. 
“Get off me!” Vivian roared in anger and struggled to push him away. “Get off me. Do you hear me? You basta…” 
Before she could finish her sentence, Finnick stuck his tongue into her mouth to stop her from cursing. 
His tongue continued to snake through her lips and into her mouth, and he did not give her a chance to retaliate. The thought of her smiling at Benedict got him even more jealous. How could she do this to me? 
At that thought, he became even more agitated. Not only did he kiss Vivian more deeply, but he also started sticking his hands into her blouse…
At that point, she knew her resistance was futile. Instead of fighting him off, she had no choice but to let Finnick do what he desired. What used to be intimate and personal had now become a humiliation. Right then, tears started rolling down her cheeks. 
Unaware of Vivian’s feelings, Finnick continued with his bestial act, leaving hickeys all over her body. He lifted Vivian’s hands above her head and interlocked his fingers with hers. All of a sudden, he noticed blood patches on her arm. 
Finnick froze and looked at her left palm – It was all covered in blood. 
Earlier, she had a friction blister when she accidentally skinned her hand on the floor after someone knocked her over in a café. Though the scab had formed, the constant dragging and pulling caused it to fall off prematurely, and blood started seeping through the wound. 
Finnick was stunned. With that, he immediately pulled himself away from Vivian and looked at her.
###Chapter 393
Chapter 393 
At that moment, Vivian looked dishevelled. She had hickeys all over her body, and the swelling on her cheek caused by Rachel’s slap still had not subsided. Her eyes were tightly shut, and she was trembling as tears spilled out uncontrollably. 
Clenching his fists, Finnick cursed himself for being a jerk. Why didn’t I notice these wounds on her body? He got up from the bed and instantly went looking for the first-aid kit. 
When Vivian felt that Finnick had finally released her, she gradually opened her eyes. Her vision was blurry as tears clouded over, and she wondered if he had satisfied his brutal lust. Then, her lips curled into a self-deprecating smile. She tried to sit herself up, but her body was in pain. 
After picking up the clothes that Finnick tossed on the floor, Vivian walked toward the bathroom like a lost soul. 
Right now, the only thing that warmed her cold heart was the heat that came from the shower. As the shower wet her wounds and washed away her tears, she collapsed on the ground and wailed. What happened to us? We used to be so in love. 
At the same time, Finnick had come back with the first-aid kit in his hand. When he noticed that Vivian was nowhere to be found, he panicked and thought that she had run away. Just when he was about to look for her, he heard noises coming from the bathroom. 
He walked up to the door and heard Vivian sobbing in the shower. 
Initially, Finnick wanted to head in, but now, he was hesitating whether he should do so. It hurt him so badly upon hearing Vivian’s cries.
Finnick knew his presence would irritate her further, so he decided to retreat. After placing the first-aid kit on the bedside table, he walked out and went into one of the guestrooms. 
Soon, Vivian got out of the bathroom. She heaved a sigh of relief after noticing Finnick was gone. After all, she did not know how to face Finnick right then, and she did not want to see him either. 
With wobbly steps, Vivian walked to the bed and saw the first-aid kit that Finnick left on the bedside table. Nonetheless, she did not open the kit even after staring at it for quite some time. 
The next day, Vivian woke up early and got down to have breakfast. She looked around but did not see Finnick in the house. Though she was not sure if he had left or was still asleep, she was glad that she did not need to interact with that beast of a man. 
And since she was not in the mood to enjoy breakfast, she gulped a glass of milk and left for the office. 
When she reached the office, many of her colleagues shot her a look – it was full of disdain. They must have watched the video. 
Nevertheless, Vivian decided to ignore those hostile glares as she knew no one would listen to her explanation. She proceeded to walk toward her desk and sat down. What else can I say? They’re just going to believe what they saw anyway, just like Finnick and Mom. 
Yet, the more she tried to ignore them, the more they took advantage of it. It was to the point that her colleagues were intentionally discussing yesterday’s incident in front of her. 
“It’s so hard to believe she’s this kind of woman. I mean, look at her. She always appeared to be gentle and soft-spoken.” 
“I know, right? Looks can be deceiving.”
“Now that her position in the Norton family is threatened, I bet she must be anxious now. She’s probably thinking of ways to get rid of people who stand in her way too.” 
“Yeah! She even thought of disfiguring Evelyn! That’s crazy. Well, if I’m Finnick, I’ll definitely choose Evelyn over this crazy woman.” 
“She must be shocked that someone filmed what she did and put it on the Internet. Now, the whole world knows what kind of person she is. I’m sure Finnick can’t wait to get rid of her.”
###Chapter 394
Chapter 394 
Those people took a sidelong glance at Vivian as if they wanted her to know they were talking about her. 
Upon hearing all their remarks, Vivian could only tighten her grip on a pen in her hand. 
One day, I’ll show them all the evidence, so they’ll know what kind of person Evelyn is. 
“Enough with your gossips, and focus on your work!” Fabian warned. Even he could hear them talk from his office. 
Everyone in the office instantly kept their mouths shut after that. Seeing that they were all silent, Fabian then turned to Vivian. “You. Come in.” 
Vivian did not know why he wanted to see her, but she still went in. She just wanted to get away from those people who shared the same space with her for a moment. 
After she went in, Fabian offered her a seat. 
“You okay?” Fabian showed concern in a gentle voice. 
However, Vivian did not answer him as she did not know what to say. After all, she could not plaster a smile on her face and tell her she was fine. 
“I know about everything on the Internet, and I trust you. It’s all a misunderstanding, right?” Fabian asked. 
“Thank you, Fabian.” Vivian was very touched, “Thanks for believing in me.” 
“You’re welcome. I’ll always be on your side.” Fabian then cautiously asked, “But what about Finnick?”
Vivian lowered her head and remained silent. It was not difficult to guess whose side Finnick was on. The video captured everything so clear, and he used to be so in love with Evelyn. He would most probably think Vivian was the culprit. 
“I’ve witnessed them falling in love and knew how close they were. Now that Evelyn has returned, I won’t be surprised if he’s having second thoughts about his relationship with you.” Fabian then walked up to her, crouched down, and held her hand. 
“But he wouldn’t have doubted you if he’s in love with you, would he? This only goes to show he still cares for Evelyn.” 
Vivian tried to pull her hand away, but Fabian grabbed her wrist even more tightly. “Now that Ashley is out of the picture, why don’t we get back together? I promise I’d believe you in everything you do, I…” 
“Fabian!” Vivian raised her voice, pulled her hand away, and stood up. The atmosphere in the office turned instantly awkward. 
Upon noticing he had gotten on her nerves, Fabian immediately came to his sense. Crap… I shouldn’t have rushed into it. I’m sure she’s still very overwhelmed right now. 
“I… Sorry, Vivian. I shouldn’t have bothered you with that type of question.” 
Vivian was surprised to see how apologetic Fabian was. As a matter of fact, he would have never behaved like this in the past. 
Hence, Vivian accepted his sincere apology and sat down. She decided to switch to another topic to defuse the tension. “When is Ashley’s funeral?” 
“This Sunday.” Fabian was relieved that Vivian was no longer mad at him. “Are you coming?”
“Yes.” Vivian nodded. “She’s my sister, after all.” 
“All right. I’ll make the necessary arrangement for you,” he replied. 
“Thanks.” Vivian was grateful to him for handling Ashley’s funeral in the last couple of days. 
“Don’t mention it. It’s my responsibility,” Fabian gazed into her eyes and replied.
###Chapter 395
Chapter 395 
Feeling that the atmosphere was a bit inappropriate, Vivian immediately turned away and avoided his eye contact. “I’ll get back to work now.” 
She nodded and walked out of Fabian’s office in a hurry. 
A corner of Fabian’s mouth quirked up as soon as she left. Clearly, Finnick is not the man for you. I’ll get you back, Vivian. I will. 
The moment Vivian returned to her desk, she heard her colleagues murmuring behind her back again. Gah… What’s wrong with these women! 
Just when she lifted her head and was about to shoot daggers at them, she noticed Evelyn walking in her direction. 
That woman had a peach dress on and wore a pair of red heels. Though there was still a bandage on her face, she seemed fine now. 
Wait… What is she doing here? Vivian did not have a good feeling about it. 
“Oh my God. Isn’t that Evelyn?” 
“She looks so much prettier in person. I cannot imagine her living with a scar on her face for the rest of her life!” One of the colleagues then gave Vivian a sullen glare. 
“But I feel that having a bandage on makes her look more charming. Now I understand why Vivian wanted to disfigure her. She must have felt threatened by her beauty. I mean, I would have lost my confidence too if she’s my love rival.”
“What is Evelyn doing here, though? Did she come all the way to fight against Vivian?” 
“I think so! Evelyn must have come to warn her to stay away from her man.” 
Hearing that, Vivian could not help but let out a cold snort. If only they knew the ugly truth behind her demure appearance. 
“What are you doing here!” Vivian sneered as Evelyn walked up to her. 
Evelyn took a glance at the people around them and grinned. “Are you sure you want to talk in front of everyone?” 
Knowing that Evelyn was right, Vivian stood up right away and walked to the pantry. She did not want her colleagues to ridicule her anymore. 
In the pantry, Vivian looked at Evelyn and asked, “Just what do you think you’re doing?” 
Instead of answering her question, Evelyn looked around the pantry and said, “So, this is where you work? Does Finnick know you actually work for such a small company?” 
“It’s none of your business.” 
“None of my business?” Evelyn scoffed as if she was talking to a fool. 
“What do you want from me?” Vivian was sick of playing mind games with her. 
Upon seeing how annoyed Vivian was, Evelyn let out a mirthless laugh. “Why can’t you be a little patient with me? I came here to see people’s reaction, of course.” 
Evelyn looked at Vivian and smirked. “Remember what I told you earlier? People will never believe you. Look what happened now.”
“You did nothing wrong, but the whole world doesn’t believe you. How do you feel now?” Evelyn asked, “I bet you must be devastated since Finnick and your Mom are not on your side.” 
“You purposely came here to tell me this?” Vivian tried to contain her anger. 
Evelyn nodded once with a smirk. “Oh, yes. I want your entire office to know that I’m the victim here.” A hard glint flashed through her eyes. “I want everyone to hate you wherever you go. That’s your punishment for stealing my belonging.” 
Vivian almost wanted to slap the hell out of Evelyn upon seeing the arrogance on her face, but she reminded herself to stay calm. 
She knew Evelyn had come to irritate her on purpose, and if she lost her cool, those people outside would further make up stories about her.
###Chapter 396
Chapter 396 
Without a choice, Vivian continued to suppress her anger. “Are you done? If so, then you can leave now.” 
Evelyn let out a cold snort. She was surprised that Vivian did not explode with rage like the last time. Hence, she inched closer and whispered in Vivian’s ear to provoke her further, “Don’t worry, I’ll take back what was mine.” After that, Evelyn stood up and looked at Vivian in defiance. 
All of a sudden, Vivian recalled someone seemed to have made a similar remark like this before. She paused for a bit and finally remembered. It was a remark her Twitter follower, “Back to the Past,” had made: It’s time to return the item to its owner. 
“You’re ‘Back to the Past’!” Vivian exclaimed in disbelief while pointing at Evelyn. 
“Bingo,” Evelyn chuckled, “Are you that innocent, or are you plain dumb?” 
“And you’re also the one who released the birthday video?” Vivian was dumbstruck. She did not realize Evelyn had been following her Twitter for such a long time. 
Upon that, Evelyn seemed to be very proud of her achievement. “Of course, it’s me, you fool. I wish I could continue to play this game with you, but you’re just too dumb.” 
She then turned around and left after mocking Vivian for the one last time. 
Feeling stunned, Vivian froze in the pantry for a long time. 
Never in a million years did she think Evelyn was “Back to the Past.” Why didn’t I suspect anything earlier? She’s right. I’m stupid. I’m so stupid!
She went back to her seat and continued working under the watchful eyes of all her colleagues for the rest of the day. 
The day had finally come to an end, and she went home immediately. At that time, Finnick was still nowhere to be found. 
To take her mind off Evelyn, Vivian took a warm shower and felt much better. Suddenly, her stomach rumbled. That’s when she realized she had not eaten the entire day. 
Since Mrs. Filder took a day off, Vivian decided to head downstairs to make herself some noodles. Coincidentally, Finnick just came home while she was walking downstairs. The awkwardness was written all over their faces the moment their eyes met. 
Vivian froze. She was not sure if she should turn around and return to the room or keep walking to the kitchen. After giving it some thought, she decided to do what she had initially intended and walked toward the kitchen, giving Finnick the cold shoulder. 
Finnick only stepped into the living hall after Vivian had ignored him and walked away. 
He then went straight into his study, wanting to continue with his unfinished work. Yet, he was constantly distracted by Vivian’s emotionally distant expression earlier. No. We can’t go on acting like strangers. Thus, Finnick immediately went downstairs again to have a talk with her. 
He stood by the kitchen and noticed she was cooking noodles. After a brief hesitation, he finally opened his mouth. “I’m hungry too. Could you make me some?” 
In the meantime, Vivian was actually aware that Finnick had been standing outside of the kitchen for a while, but she just pretended he was not around since he did not say anything. 
I knew it. I knew he wanted me to make him some noodles too.
Finnick, for sure, would not know how to cook, and Mrs. Filder was not around to take care of his dinner. 
Nonetheless, Vivian decided to make an extra plate of noodles for him, though they had not made peace with each other. Yet, she did not answer his question directly. 
The way she ignored his request caused him to feel extremely awkward. Obviously, Finnick was not used to making peace with someone, so he decided to leave the kitchen and return to his study. 
He sat by his desk and was mad at himself for not continuing with the conversation. How am I supposed to talk to her now? 
A corner of Vivian’s mouth quirked up. Well, well, well, how the high and mighty Mr. Norton has fallen. All for a plate of noodles.
###Chapter 397
Chapter 397 
Just when Finnick was still figuring out his next move, he heard someone knock on the door. “The noodles’ ready.” 
Finnick’s face lit up instantly, but by the time he opened the door, Vivian had left and was walking to the dining table. 
He followed her to the dining table and started eating the noodles. Finnick had several times wanted to initiate a conversation with her, but after seeing how focused she was on her food, he did not know what to say. 
“Finnick.” While he was still contemplating what to say to her, Vivian suddenly called his name. 
“Yes?” Finnick was pleased that she made the first move. He put down his fork and looked at her. 
Vivian lowered her head as she did not want to look at him. She asked while twirling the noodles on the plate, “Would you come to Ashley’s funeral with me?” 
Believe it or not, Vivian did not know if she should make that request since they were still not on speaking terms. Besides, she did not want to give in first. 
But she was afraid to face Harvey alone. After all, she was indirectly related to Ashley’s death and the collapse of the Miller Group. Finnick’s presence at the funeral would make her feel a little less uneasy. 
That request put Finnick in a rather awkward position. He was pleased that Vivian took the initiative to make peace with him, but he had to turn her down. 
Vivian tilted her head aside to look at Finnick, who did not give her a response. She could see awkwardness on his face. He’s probably worried that his presence might cause a stir at the funeral
since everyone knew what happened between him and the Miller Group. 
“You don’t have to go if you don’t want to.” 
“It’s not that I don’t want to go,” Finnick immediately explained as he did not want to cause further misunderstanding, “But I’ll be meeting Evelyn this Sunday to work out the details of our design. This design will affect the company’s performance for the next two quarters of the year, so I have to be there. I’ll get Noah to drive you to the funeral, okay?” 
Upon hearing his explanation, Vivian tightened her grip on her fork. Evelyn again. Does he still have to meet her for work? He might treat her as a co-worker and a friend, but clearly, Evelyn has her hidden agenda. 
Vivian recalled all the things Evelyn said to her in the office today. If only I can keep Finnick away from that woman. 
But she knew he would not believe her even if she told him the truth. Besides, they had had too many arguments in the last couple of days, all because of Evelyn. Hence, she did not want to argue with Finnick on the same matter over and again. 
“Got it.” Vivian lowered her head and answered. 
“You have to trust me, Vivian.” Finnick thought Vivian was still suspicious of his relationship with Evelyn. He lifted her chin and gazed into her eyes. “Evelyn and I are just co-workers. There’s nothing…” 
“Got it.” Vivian interrupted. At this point, she was so sick of hearing her name. 
Finnick instantly kept quiet as he knew Vivian did not want to talk about Evelyn anymore.
After a short awkward silence, Vivian switched to another topic. “Can you give Emma a chance to attend Ashley’s funeral?” 
“You’re willing to forgive her?” Finnick had no intention of letting her off so easily. 
“Ashley’s death is her greatest punishment.” Vivian thought it would be too cruel to keep Emma away from her own daughter’s funeral. 
“All right then. I’ll arrange for her to come back.” 
Vivian nodded and continued finishing her noodles in silence. 
At the same time, Finnick could not help but let out a sigh after seeing how cold Vivian was. It’s going to take some time to heal this relationship.
###Chapter 398
Chapter 398 
On Sunday, Noah came and drove Vivian to Ashley’s funeral. Vivian had asked Rachel to come along so that she would not be alone. 
When she arrived, the first person Vivian saw was Harvey. 
Harvey was standing in front of Ashley’s photo with his back hunched. He was no longer the man he used to be. In fact, he looked aged as compared to the last time Vivian saw him. 
Vivian could not help but feel sorry to see him in such a miserable state. Though Harvey had never fulfilled his responsibility as a father throughout her childhood, he was still her biological father, after all. 
And since Rachel did not wish to get near Harvey, Vivian had to walk up to him by herself. 
“Dad,” Vivian stood behind him and gently called. 
Harvey turned around and looked at Vivian. Her appearance suddenly got him flustered with emotions. Though Emma and Ashley were to be blamed for the chaos that had happened, to Harvey, Finnick, too, had to bear a certain degree of responsibility for Ashley’s death, the collapse of the Miller Group, and barring Emma from returning to the country. He did not know how to feel when he saw Vivian here, but since she was his only daughter left in this world, Harvey decided not to make things difficult for the both of them. 
In a gentle voice, he said, “Hey.” 
Vivian responded with a nod as she did not know what else to say. 
“Good to see you here. Come and say goodbye to your sister.” Harvey then turned around, took a glance at her photo, and started tearing up again.
Vivian stood beside him quietly as she did not know how to comfort the grieving man. 
The Miller family might have lost its foothold in the business world, but since Fabian was the one who organized the funeral, many prominent families still came to pay their last respects to Ashley. 
At this time, Fabian went up the stage and started speaking. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, we’re gathered here today to pay our respects to the late Ms. Ashley Miller. On behalf of all the friends and guests here, I would like to offer our sincere condolences to the Miller family.” 
All of a sudden, there was a commotion outside. Upon hearing a woman wailing, all the guests began to look toward the entrance. 
They saw a few security guards trying to stop a woman from entering, but she kept slapping them and scratching their faces with her nails as if she had gone mad. In the end, the middle-aged women barged into the hall and ran to the front. 
Vivian thought her voice sounded familiar but could not recall who she was. As the woman approached, she finally recognized her. It was Emma. 
Looking absolutely dishevelled, Emma was no longer the elegant woman that she was. Clad in a torn blue blouse and a pair of old and oversized camo sneakers, she ran toward Ashley’s photo. 
Not only had she become as skinny as a skeleton, but her complexion was both sallow and pallid. It was as if she had been undernourished for quite some time. 
Vivian was shocked to see Emma in such a condition. What exactly did Finnick do to turn this classy and domineering woman into a haggard beggar? What did they do to her?
Emma ran to Ashley’s coffin in wobbly steps and dropped to her knees. 
“Ashley! How could you leave me alone? I didn’t even get to say goodbye!”
###Chapter 399
Chapter 399 
Fabian stopped in his tracks when he realized that the wailing and crying came from Emma. He was momentarily at a loss. When Fabian recovered to his senses, he waved at the security guards, who had rushed in to remove her, to move back. 
“Oh, Ashley, my sweet daughter. I can’t believe you’re gone from my life. It’s my fault that I failed to protect you!” Emma continued to yell and wail without caring so much about her image. 
Some of the guests at the funeral used to be friends with Emma. They sighed as they had never expected a strong-willed Emma ended up in such a state. Others started to engage in hushed whispers. 
Harvey was also startled by the sudden appearance of Emma. He walked briskly toward Emma and said, “It’s Ashley’s funeral and there are many guests here. Can you please stop being an embarrassment?” 
“Am I an embarrassment?” Upon hearing Harvey’s words, Emma sprung to her feet and grabbed onto his collar. “Is that all you care about, Harvey Miller? You’re such a piece of trash! You can’t even protect your own wife and daughter. What right do you still have of calling yourself a man and a father?” 
Emma’s grip was so tight that Harvey failed to pry open her balled-up fists at his collar and tie. His feet were unsteady and his face was turning red from her pulling his tie. 
Seeing that Harvey started to have difficulty breathing, Vivian went up to them and helped him break from Emma. 
The appearance of Vivian had the effect of adding fuel to the fire as Emma let go of Harvey and started charging toward her, ready to give her a slap on the face. Vivian took a quick step back and avoided
the slap. However, Emma’s sharp fingernails still landed on her arm, leaving a few deep scratches. 
“Vivian William, you’re a murderer! The nerve you have for showing your face here at Ashley’s funeral. If it wasn’t for you, Ashley would still be alive. I must kill you to avenge Ashley!” As Emma yelled and attempted to charge at Vivian again, she was promptly stopped by Harvey. 
Fabian was also quick to shield Vivian behind him from Emma’s attacks. He looked at the scratches on her arm and asked worriedly, “Does this hurt a lot?” 
Vivian shook her head to indicate that she was okay. But as she moved, her wounds twitched and caused her to wince in pain. 
“Harvey Miller, you’re so blind! This b*tch has killed your own daughter and you’re still protecting her?” Emma was punching and yelling at Harvey, who was still trying to hold her down. 
“Vivian is also my daughter. And with Ashley gone, she’s now the only daughter I have. Of course, I’ll have to protect her!” Harvey felt embarrassed by the commotion caused by Emma. “Will you please stop screaming like a crazy person? We’ll settle this at home!” He wished the floor would just swallow her up so she would stop bringing shame to the family. 
“Hahaha…!” Harvey’s words seemed to have triggered a wild switch in Emma as she let out a loud and sarcastic chuckle. “You still think that she’s your daughter? You’re such a fool!” 
“What do you mean by that?” The man’s expression instantly stiffened. 
“I’m telling you, Vivian is not your biological daughter. You’ve been raising another man’s child all these years!” Emma continued to yell and her voice choked, “You still think that she’s your precious daughter. Don’t you know that she has killed your own daughter?”
Emma’s shocking revelation managed to stun everyone in the room and chatters erupted instantly from every corner of the room. What’s going on? They came to attend a funeral, but they heard mind- blowing news. 
As the whispers went on, some just stopped being discreet altogether and started discussing the matter openly. “A daughter just passed away, and the next thing he knows, his wife discloses that the other daughter is not blood-related to him. What kind of twisted event is this?” someone said. 
“What nonsense are you talking about?” The pressure of being the subject of gossip finally got to Harvey as he slapped Emma on her face before he attempted to drag her out of the door. “You’re getting out of here. Now!” 
Ignoring the burning sensation radiating from her cheek, Emma broke from Harvey’s grip and continued to cry out loud, “I’m not lying!”
###Chapter 400
Chapter 400 
Emma turned around and looked at Vivian in disdain. “Vivian William, I hated you from the moment I saw you. Why does an illegitimate daughter get to stay with us? For that reason, I took you to the hospital to get a forged DNA test done in hope that Harvey would kick you out of the house. To my surprise, the paternity test came back negative and that was when I realized you aren’t blood-related to Harvey at all!” 
Emma’s disclosure triggered some of Vivian’s distant memories. Emma did take me to the hospital once when I was a little girl. She said that I looked a little malnourished and needed to go for a medical check-up so that she could take better care of me thereafter. I remembered feeling touched by her thoughtfulness and acceptance of me. I wouldn’t have thought that her real intention was to kick me out of the house! 
“That’s impossible. If you had known that I’m not his daughter, you wouldn’t have waited until today to tell him the truth!” Vivian insisted that what Emma claimed could not be true. 
If she had known for sure that I’m not my father’s daughter, her initial plan would have succeeded. Why would she hide this information from her husband for so many years? This doesn’t make any sense. 
“Why don’t you turn to your mother for this question?” Emma snickered and glanced toward Rachel. “Rachel William, now that the cat is out of the bag; you’re not still planning on keeping quiet about this, are you?” 
“Mom, what’s going on?” Vivian turned to her mother in bewilderment. 
Rachel had stood frozen since the instant Emma dropped the bomb by saying that Vivian was not Harvey’s biological daughter. Her face was white as a sheet and her whole body was trembling as she
stood there, at a loss how to answer her daughter’s question. It seems this secret can’t be kept forever, after all. 
“Vivian, I-I…” Tears kept rolling down her cheeks as the older woman was fumbling for an explanation. 
Her mother’s uncontrollable sobbing made Vivian feel anxious. “Mom, please say something. How is it that I’m not Dad’s daughter? Why don’t you just set them straight?” Vivian’s voice grew desperate. 
However, Rachel just shook her head and kept muttering, “I’m Sorry, Vivian. I’m so sorry…” 
“Since you’re too much of a coward to admit, I’ll help you do the honor,” Emma said to Rachel with a smirk on her contorted face. “Many years ago, I confronted you as soon as I found out the truth about Vivian. You carried a child for another man and even have the audacity to pass her off as Harvey’s daughter! Do you remember what you did when I showed you the DNA results?” 
Emma let out an unsettling laugh as she continued, “You begged me! You got onto both your knees and you begged me to keep it a secret. Oh! What a satisfying moment to see my nemesis crawling before me to ask for a favor! 
“You promised that as long as I turn a blind eye to this, you would disappear from Harvey’s life forever. That’s the only reason why I agreed to keeping Harvey in the dark about Vivian’s true identify. Rachel William, have I left out anything?” 
Every audience in the room now looked at Rachel in disbelief as they tried to digest the rapid unfolding of events. This woman is really something. Not only did she have a child with another man, but she also made Harvey Miller raise that child. They were now shooting sympathy looks at Harvey for being kept in the dark all this while.
“Mom, please say something. She was wrong, right? Mom?” Vivian was already in tears. She desperately needed her mother to deny this in front of everyone in the room. Vivian was disappointed again as Rachel just kept her head low and continued to sob inconsolably. 
Harvey was on the brink of an emotional breakdown after soaking up all the information. He walked up to Rachel and demanded an explanation. “Is everything Emma said true? Talk to me!” 
Rachel was visibly shaken up. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry. This is all my fault. I’m sorry…” All the woman could muster was more apologies. 
Seeing as questioning Rachel was not getting them anywhere, Harvey grabbed hold of Vivian and barked, “You’re coming with me to do a DNA test right now!” 
The man did not care that his excessive force had left bruises on Vivian’s arm as he dragged her onto his car. His mind was now occupied with only one thing—the truth about Vivian’s identity.

###Chapter 401
Chapter 401 
Vivian, too, wanted to get to the bottom of this and followed Harvey voluntarily to his car. Fabian and Rachel also hurried after them. 
Harvey and Vivian dashed to the registration counter as soon as they arrived at the hospital. The hospital was less crowded than usual and it would soon be their turn. 
As the pair waited impatiently, Fabian and Rachel also arrived at the hospital. 
“Vivian, Harvey, I—” Rachel opened her mouth but again, nothing material came out. She was still tearful and at a loss of what to say to both of them. 
“Mom, can you please tell me what’s going on here? I’m all confused right now,” Vivian pleaded with her mother once more. She refused to believe what Emma said was true. 
“Just stop asking questions, Vivian. This is all my fault. I’m so sorry.” Instead of providing an explanation, the weeping woman still chose to apologize for reasons no one seemed to know. 
“So, what Emma said was true?” Vivian was insistent. Rachel had stopped talking altogether. Tears continued to roll down her cheeks and her body began trembling as blood drained from her face. Her mother now looked so frail Vivian could not bring herself to exert more pressure on her. 
Vivian took a deep breath and felt that the last ounce of energy left her body as she slumped into a chair. 
She was still trying to wrap her head around this unforeseen turn of events at her stepsister’s funeral. 
Over the years, despite not getting any sort of fatherly love from Harvey, or how awfully he had been treating her, Vivian knew that she had a father.
But now, the father figure she thought she had might not be her biological father all of a sudden. This was such a complicated, yet inexplicable feeling for Vivian. 
“I no longer need your answers now. I’ll see for myself soon enough,” Harvey scoffed coldly. 
Soon after, Harvey and Vivian were led into a room for paternity test. 
After their samples were taken, Harvey asked, “How long until the result is out?” 
“Mr. Miller, the result won’t be out until a week later. We’ll give you a call as soon as the report is ready,” the nurse answered. 
“I want to see the result by today!” Harvey was unwilling to take no for an answer. 
“Mr. Miller, we can expedite the result for you at extra cost. But that’s still going to take about six hours. Are you sure you want to wait here?” The nurse replied politely, despite being startled by the man’s flustered demeanor. 
“I don’t care how much it costs, as long as I get the result by today!” 
“Sure, Mr. Miller. Please follow me to the counter.” 
Harvey was back soon after and joined the rest of them at the corridor to wait for the report. In the meantime, Fabian saw to it that Vivian got the scratches on her arm tended to by the medical staff. 
“Vivian, don’t you worry. I’m sure what Emma said is not true.” He tried to comfort her. But it did little to sooth Vivian’s jitters. If what Emma said was all nonsense, why didn’t Mom say one word about it? 
Feeling restless, Vivian decided to give Finnick a call in hopes that he could come over to keep her company.
She tried calling a few times but was met with the same voicemail: The number you have dialled is unreachable. Please try again later. 
Vivian then stopped calling when she recalled that Finnick had mentioned earlier that he was having a meeting with Evelyn today. 
Meanwhile, the paternity test result was finally out just as Harvey’s patience was running thin. After frantically checking at the outcome of their DNA test, Harvey threw the report at Rachel and demanded furiously, “Care to explain to me what’s going on?” 
Rachel was startled by the report flying her way and tears welled up in her eyes once more. 
Vivian picked up the report lying on the floor and froze on the ground as she read the line that clearly stated that she had no blood relation with Harvey.
###Chapter 402
Chapter 402 
“Mom, can you now tell me the truth, please?” Still in disbelief, Vivian was in tears as she begged her mom for an explanation. 
All her life, the notion that Harvey might not be her father had never crossed Vivian’s mind. Even though Harvey might not have been a good father, and she might even hate him for being a jerk sometimes, she had never entertained the idea of being better off without him in her life. 
She could not comprehend the situation she was landed in. If Harvey is not my father, then who is? 
“Rachel William, how long are you planning on keeping this from me?” Harvey was now screaming at Rachel for an answer. 
“I-I’m sorry, I…” Rachel only managed to utter a few words before finally overcome by the pressure and passed out on the spot. 
Vivian was shocked by her mother’s sudden black-out and rushed to her side. “Mom, are you okay? Mom, wake up!” 
A nurse saw what happened and summoned a few other medical staff to rush Rachel into the emergency room. 
“Doctor, how’s my mom?” Seeing as Rachel was still unconscious, Vivian frantically asked the doctor. 
“Your mom’s health has always been a perilous juggling between medical treatments and therapies. She was actually getting better until recently when the emotional upheaval has worsened her condition again. It’s important that she refrain from having further mood swings,” the doctor reminded carefully. 
“I understand. Thanks, doctor. When will she wake up?” Vivian asked.
“Don’t worry. She should awake in the next three to four hours.” 
“Okay. Thanks again,” Vivian said while sending off the doctor. 
As for Harvey, after learning that Rachel had kept such a big secret from him for so many years, he harbored no more hopes or feelings for her and left right away. 
“Are you sure you are okay by yourself? I can stay and keep you company.” Considering Vivian also just went through a traumatic experience herself, Fabian was worried for her wellbeing. 
“I’m fine, really. My mind is in such a mess I feel like I need to be alone right now. Why don’t you go get some rest at home, and I’ll give you a call if something comes up?” 
“Alright. But promise me you’ll give me a call if you need any help?” Since Vivian insisted she wanted to be alone, Fabian thought he should give her some space. 
“Hmm.” Vivian nodded while giving him a grateful smile. 
After sending Fabian away, Vivian sat down by Rachel’s bedside and stared out in a daze. 
Rachel finally came to at dusk. 
When she saw Vivian by her bedside, tears started trickling down her cheeks once more. “Vivian, I’m sorry. It’s my fault for hiding this from you for so many years. Please forgive me. I’m so sorry…” 
“Mom, then can you—” Vivian really wanted her burning questions answered, but she stopped short of completing her sentence when she thought about what the doctor had advised her not long ago. 
With great restraint, she swallowed her question and handed the tissue to her mother. “Mom, it’s okay. It doesn’t matter who my father is, as long as I have you as my mother.”
Vivian’s thoughtfulness only made Rachel’s heart grow heavier as tears welled up in her eyes again. “Vivian, I’m to blame for what’s happening to you. I’m so sorry…” 
“It really is okay, Mom. Please, I’m okay.” Vivian could not stop herself from tearing up and before long, the pair locked in an embrace and cried their hearts out. 
After a long while, Vivian finally gathered herself as she wiped away the tears from the corner of her mother’s eyes. “It’s alright, Mom. You’ve got to stop crying now. Doctor said that you can’t afford to get too emotional.”
###Chapter 403
Chapter 403 
Rachel finally stopped sobbing. She then grew drowsy from getting too worked up earlier and soon fell asleep. 
After washing up in the toilet, Vivian asked for a clean towel from the nurse and fetched some hot water to clean Rachel’s face while the latter was fast asleep. 
When she had done all that she sat down next to her mother to watch over her. 
After watching Rachel sleep for a while, Vivian took out her phone and logged into her Twitter account to kill some time. 
As she was browsing for random contents that piqued her interests, she came across a live broadcasting of a launch event for Finnick’s company. 
She clicked into the broadcast link and saw that Finnick and Evelyn were currently being interviewed by the press. 
Vivian’s first response was to shut her phone as rage mounted in her chest. Is she the reason why he didn’t answer his phone when I called earlier? 
She, however, could not fight the curiosity in her and went back to the live broadcast. It turned out to be Finnor Group’s product launch for a new series of jewellery. The chief designer for this series was none other than Evelyn. 
Evelyn was wearing a long, tube top white dress, paired with a shiny white pearl necklace that rested nicely on her collar bone.
Maybe due to the need of appearing on camera, Evelyn’s makeup was different from usual. She was wearing a nude-colored foundation with a vibrant blend of red lipstick that brought out her look. The makeup artist had done a good job bringing out Evelyn’s best features as she appeared refreshingly pleasant with just enough hint of sexiness in this attire. 
Finnick was in his black suit as usual. However, his sharp-looking demeanor had brought life out of an otherwise boring suit. 
Given the recent news of the two of them were still hot topics amongst the media outlets, some reporters took the opportunity to throw in a few questions on his personal life on top of the jewellery designs. 
The press, however, did not get much out of Finnick, who only answered questions directly related to the launch event. Every question he deemed irrelevant was treated as though it was non-existent. All and all, his carried on with his usual style. 
Evelyn, on the other hand, was a lot more at ease in front of the cameras. She took the reporters’ tricky questions and turned them around playfully that people actually found her to be an absolute delight to interview. Evelyn was instantly the darling to these reporters by being not only beautiful and smart, but also high in EQ. 
The comment box was full of Twitter users’ compliments of Finnick and Evelyn. 
Such a gorgeous pair it’s picture perfect! 
Their attires are as perfectly matched as Prince Charming and Snow White. 
Imagine what a beautiful baby these two will make! 
I wish they will get together. They make such a perfect couple!
I’d love the character set of a domineering CEO and beautiful princess. That’s so cool! 
Staring at the smiling Evelyn on her phone, Vivian shuddered as she recalled the sneering look on same woman’s face when Evelyn approached her the last time. This woman is a natural actress. 
Toward the end of the session, the host addressed the press, “Alright, we now have time for one more question. This is your last chance to get your burning question answered.” 
A reporter was quick to stand up and asked, “Ms. Morrison, we’ve pretty much covered everything regarding your latest design. For the last question, I’m wondering if I can ask you something more personal. You can choose not to answer if you don’t want to.” 
Evelyn pretended to think about the question before she let out a cheeky smile and replied, “Of course.” 
“There must be no short of suitors for someone as beautiful and talented as yourself. But just for the public benefit and something for them to work toward to, can you tell us more about what type of man you are into? 
“Hmm…” Evelyn tilted her head in the direction of Finnick before she smiled sweetly and said, “I choose not to answer this question.” 
“Ms. Morrison, are you still into Mr. Norton?” the reporter persisted. 
As Evelyn continued to reply with a smile, the host was quick to round up the session. “Alright, I’m sorry but we did say that only one more question. Thanks, Mr. Norton and Ms. Morrison for joining us today. And also thanks to all the media friends for your presence. See you all!”
###Chapter 404
Chapter 404 
Although Evelyn did not answer, the directional glance towards Finnick had been obvious. Rumors about the love affair between Evelyn and Finnick would probably be all over the news the next day. 
After the launch event ended, Finnick headed backstage in a grouchy mood. Those reporters were so lame. It was supposed to be a launch event about their jewellery, but they were all asking about the latest gossip. 
Pulling out his phone, Finnick noticed he had several missed calls. He tapped on them to find that they were all from Vivian. Worried that she had urgent business to discuss with him, Finnick called her back as soon as he saw the list of missed calls. 
A depressed Vivian put down her phone after watching the launch event. Those people clearly knew that Finnick was a married man, but they went ahead and paired him up with Evelyn anyway. Have they ever considered my feelings if I see that? Or am I really that different from Evelyn in the eyes of the public? 
At the same time, Vivian also had some complaints to make about Finnick. While she was waiting for the test results, she desperately needed him by her side, but he chose that time to be with Evelyn. 
Just when Vivian was ruminating over all that had happened at the launch event, the phone in her hand buzzed and vibrated. She picked it up and saw that Finnick’s name appeared on the caller ID. 
She did not feel like answering his call right then. Thus, she muted her phone and tossed it aside, ignoring it. 
“Sorry, the person you’ve dialed is unavailable. Please try again later. Sorry…” Finnick’s brows furrowed when he was confronted by the automated message from the phone. Perhaps Vivian doesn’t
have her phone with her? 
Still worried about Vivian, Finnick made another call. Vivian was still angry with him. So, if nothing had happened, she probably would not have tried to call him so many times. 
Seeing the phone screen lit up again, Vivian hesitated. Eventually, she grabbed the phone and headed to the corridor outside the ward to answer the call. 
“Hey, what’s up?” Vivian spoke on the phone in low spirits. 
“Why didn’t you pick up just now?” Because he had been worried, Finnick blurted the question in a harsh tone. Vivian only felt more upset when she heard him. 
“I left my phone on silent mode. I didn’t hear it ringing.” 
“Oh, I see.” Finnick heaved a sigh of relief. As long as you’re alright. “You called me just now. Is anything the matter?” 
“Nothing.” Suddenly, Vivian did not want to talk to Finnick about that thing between Harvey and herself. “I just wanted to ask where you were. You didn’t answer the phone, so I called a few more times.” 
“Oh, the launch event just ended. I’m heading back to the company as we speak,” Finnick explained why he had not picked up the phone. 
“Fine, you go ahead. I won’t bother you.” With that, Vivian quickly hung up the phone without waiting for Finnick’s response. 
With that out of the way, Vivian leaned weakly against the wall. She felt that dealing with Finnick had somehow become quite tiring and bothersome. 
Finnick said that the launch event had just ended, so he should still be with Evelyn.
His surroundings had been buzzing with noise just now. Among them, she thought she recognized Evelyn’s voice too. Shaking her head vigorously, Vivian told herself not to think too much about it. 
Finnick had reason to believe that Vivian had been speaking in a strange tone before she hung up on him. She can’t be hiding anything from me, can she? 
“Finnick,” Evelyn called out to him, interrupting his thoughts. “Mind if I carpool with you to the celebration party later? I didn’t drive here today.” 
Since the series of jewellery designs this time had gotten quite popular as soon as they went on the market, in addition to the success of the launch event, Finnor Group had decided to throw the design team a special celebration party at a five-star hotel. 
But Finnick had no plans to attend the party that would take place later. “I have some business to take care of at the company. Besides, everyone might not be able to enjoy themselves to the fullest if I go. Why don’t you ride with them?” 
“All right,” Evelyn replied. She was somewhat disappointed when she learned that Finnick would not be going, but she also did not want him to think that she was tactless. “Drive safe, will you?” 
“Yeah,” Finnick responded to her. After saying goodbye to his other colleagues, he drove back to the office.
###Chapter 405
Chapter 405 
When Finnick arrived at the office, the secretary at the door stood up. “Mr. Norton, Mr. Fabian is waiting for you in your office,” she reported. 
“Thank you.” That said, perplexity came over him. He was unsure why Fabian would want to see him. He knew for a fact that his nephew had always disliked him. 
Fabian was sitting on the sofa in Finnick’s office, waiting for his return. He came looking for Finnick that day because he wanted to talk to his uncle about Vivian. 
After the video of Vivian and Evelyn hanging out in the café went viral on the Internet, Finnick had chosen to believe Evelyn. Ever since then, Fabian thought that perhaps Finnick still harbored feelings for Evelyn. After all, Finnick had a heavy crush on the woman before. 
Now that Vivian was going through such a major turmoil, yet Finnick chose not to stay by her side, Fabian became more confident in his own judgment. Since Finnick had someone else in mind, he should not be claiming Vivian for himself anymore. 
As soon as Finnick entered the door, he saw Fabian with an awfully serious look on his face as the man got lost in his own thoughts. Nevertheless, Finnick paid little attention to his nephew as he wiggled out of his jacket and hung it on the hanger next to him. He then sat down at his desk before speaking to Fabian, “Now, what can I do for you?” 
“Since you don’t love Vivian, you should just let her go,” Fabian got straight to the point. 
Eyes narrowed, Finnick eyed Fabian dangerously, his voice icy cold as he spoke, “What did you say?” 
Fabian levelled his gaze at Finnick without fear. “She’s currently in the hospital, but apparently you still have the peace of mind to hang around in the office. Isn’t that enough to explain the problem? Fabian,
since you-” 
“Why is she in the hospital?” Finnick, immediately anxious when he got wind that Vivian was taken to the hospital, interrupted Fabian. 
“Don’t you know?” Fabian got a little confused by Finnick’s question. “When I was there, I saw Vivian calling you so many times. Didn’t she tell you what happened today?” Fabian was not sure if Finnick truly knew nothing about it or if he was playing the fool. 
It then struck Finnick. That explains it. That was why Vivian sounded strange on the phone just now. She’s really hiding something! 
“Tell me, what exactly happened today?” Finnick snapped, staring at Fabian. 
Fabian decided that the anxious look on Finnick’s face did not seem to be a product of pretense, so he gave in and informed his uncle about the incident that had just occurred. 
“This morning, Emma gate-crashed Ashley’s funeral. Not only did she harm Vivian, but she also announced that Vivian isn’t Harvey’s biological daughter. They went do a paternity test after that and found out that Vivian is, indeed, not Harvey’s daughter, after all. Ms. Rachel fainted from the overwhelming stress, and now Vivian’s taking care of her in the hospital.” 
Following that, Finnick asked for the hospital’s address, put on his jacket right away, and sprinted towards the door. 
At the doorway, Finnick paused. He whipped his head and, to his rival, he announced, “I love Vivian, so don’t you get any ideas. Besides, you don’t stand a chance!” After that, Finnick left the office. 
Fabian clenched his fists when he heard that. Something felt off about the situation. He had come here to declare war, so why did it feel like he had merely fulfilled the role of the messenger?
On the way to the hospital, Finnick was filled with thoughts about what Fabian had just told him. So many things happened that day. Thus, Vivian must be under a lot of pressure now, and he ought to be by her side. 
So why didn’t she tell me any of these things on the phone just now? Why do I have to find out from Fabian, of all people? As he thought about it, apart from worrying about Vivian, there was also a hint of frustration. Is it possible that Vivian sees me as inferior to Fabian now? 
Finnick sped all the way to the hospital. When he reached the place, he asked a nurse for directions to Rachel’s room and got there soon after. 
Initially, Finnick intended to have a good talk with Vivian and get to the bottom of this. However, after opening the door, he stopped in his tracks when he realized what was happening in the ward. 
At that moment, Vivian had fallen asleep at Rachel’s bedside. 
Finnick then tiptoed over and crouched down front of Vivian. He had been angry at her a moment ago, but when he saw the exhaustion on her face, all his anger dissipated, leaving only concern for her wellbeing. You’ve been through so much today. You must be really tired, Vivian.
###Chapter 406
Chapter 406 
When Finnick saw the part of Vivian’s exposed arm still wrapped in gauze, his face fell sullen. Vivian had pleaded on Emma’s behalf. That was the reason Finnick allowed her to return from abroad in the first place. Unfortunately, Emma showed no sign of repentance at all! 
Her brows were still frowning, even in sleep, as though she could not get any peace even when she was not awake. Finnick’s heart ached for her as he stroked her cheek. 
Right then, Vivian stirred from her sleep when she felt a chill on her face. She opened her eyes to see Finnick in front of her. 
Having just woken up from a short nap, it took a while for Vivian to snap out of her daze. Then, she remembered that she was currently in the hospital. 
“Why are you here?” Vivian said, a little surprised by Finnick’s presence. 
Finnick pointing at Rachel, the patient who was sleeping on the bed. He hooked an arm around Vivian’s uninjured arm and accompanied her out of the ward. 
“Vivian, why didn’t you tell me over the phone that something like this had happened?” Finnick gently asked Vivian after they exited the ward. 
Vivian deflected the question with one of her own. “Weren’t you at the launch event? Why are you here?” 
Somehow, Finnick could understand where she was coming from. The launch event was broadcasted live online, so she’s probably watched it on her phone. Besides, she didn’t tell me what happened this morning, so I think she’s angry at me…
“Vivian, Evelyn and I attended the launch event together because that’s part of our job. Don’t overthink it, okay?” Finnick explained in a gentle tone, comforting her. 
“I know,” Vivian replied curtly. She was aware that she had no reason to be angry. Ultimately, she could not possibly ban Finnick from seeing that woman. 
Finnick assumed Vivian had finally thought things through, so he changed the subject. “Your arm… does it still hurt?” 
“It’s getting better,” Vivian said. She felt slightly better when she noticed the pressing concern on Finnick’s face. Then, she gave him a detailed account of everything that happened that day. 
Over at Norton Corporation, at Mark’s office. 
Sitting in front of the computer, Mark could only watch as the company’s stocks continued to drop. Furious, he dropped the pen which he had been holding onto the ground. 
Finnor Group had become increasingly popular recently, with its range of products getting wider and wider, so much so that it had managed to overlap with Norton Corporation in many business sectors, which indirectly caused Norton Corporation to lose profits. 
Is Finnick deliberately challenging me now? Damn it. I shouldn’t have been so merciful to him in the past! Knock. Knock. Knock. 
Came a series of cautious knocks on the door. 
“What now!” he roared. 
His assistant did not dare to walk into his office upon hearing Mark’s angry tone and instead chose to stand by the doorway to convey a message. “Mr. Norton, you have a visitor.”
“Not now! Tell them I’m busy!” Mark was not in the mood to see anyone at the moment, not even if the president of the country had come knocking. 
“Mr. Norton, there’s a beautiful lady who wants to have a word with you. She says her name is-” 
“I said not now! Do you hear me?” Mark rudely interrupted his assistant. Who cares how she looks like! Do I have to meet the woman just because she’s pretty? Does Harry want to lose his job? 
“I didn’t think you’re so busy, Mr. Norton.” It was a woman’s voice, taunting him from outside the door. “Are you sure you don’t even have time to see me?” As she said that, the woman strode into Mark’s office, ignoring Harry’s ion. 
Mark’s eyes widened when he realized who she was. He shot up from his desk. “How did you come back?” 
“Why, Mr. Norton. Am I not welcomed here?” Unlike Mark, who was obviously panicking, the woman who entered his office was calm and confident. She sat down on his sofa, making herself comfortable. 
“What are you-” Mark stopped mid-sentence when he realized his assistant was still hanging around. He turned to give his order, “You can get back to work now.” 
The assistant, Harry, had been curious to know the beautiful visitor’s identity, particularly why Mark seemed so surprised when she saw her. She could be Mr. Norton’s mistress, he thought. But he had been working under Mark for too long not to know when he was not wanted and what he should not meddle in, especially when Mark was threatening to blow a fuse. 
Upon receiving the order, Harry blurted out, “Yes, sir!” Then, he swiftly left the scene. 
Mark waited until Harry was gone before he rushed to the door. He looked around, ensuring that there were no eavesdroppers before he quickly shut the door. And then, nervously, he approached the
woman. “Evelyn, when did you come back?”
###Chapter 407
Chapter 407 
He knew that except for Evelyn, no other woman would be so daring to walk right in and sat there at his sofa. 
She was wearing a white dress, one that outlined her slender figure. A pair of sunglasses with large lenses perched on her delicate features, covering most of her face. If Mark had not looked closely, he might not have recognized her at first glance. 
“A while ago,” Evelyn replied. “Don’t you watch the news, Mr. Norton?” 
“What news?” Mark had been so busy dealing with company matters lately, he literally had no time to catch up on the news. 
Evelyn eyed Mark in disbelief before shaking her head, chuckling to herself. Such a major uproar has occurred, and you know nothing about it. You’re lagging behind the times, old man, if you keep refusing to stay in the loop. No wonder you’re no match for Finnick. 
He might be a useless old fool, but… to her, he was an indispensable pawn in her plot. 
Without answering Mark’s question, Evelyn rose from the sofa and surveyed his office. “I say, Mr. Norton, what a great office you’re got here. Despite the thrills and risks involved in the previous incident, you seemed to have gotten what you wanted.” 
When Mark heard Evelyn mention the past, panic flashed across his face. Not wanting Evelyn to beat around the bush, he cut to the chase, “Why did you come back? Didn’t you promise me that you’ll never return?” 
Evelyn sneered when she detected the nervousness and fear that had crossed the man’s face. “You’re the mole of the national soccer team, aren’t you? What are you afraid of? Are you finally feeling guilty
now?” 
“Evelyn, I’m warning you. Don’t forget that you’re also involved in that case. If this were to leak out to the public, both of us are done for,” Mark snapped at her. He did not like that Evelyn was able to remain composed while he felt the complete opposite. 
He had a bad feeling about this. Compared to Evelyn as a young girl, Evelyn as an adult was craftier and more mature. She had evolved into a woman beyond his control and manipulation. 
“Don’t get mad, Mr. Norton. Relax. No one will find out anything about what happened last time.” Evelyn moved closer to Mark bearing a charming smile, but her tone signified impending danger. “Moreover, I come to you today hoping that we could work together again.” 
“Work together?” Mark stared dubiously at Evelyn as he slipped into a defensive mode. “What do you mean by that?” 
“I, for one, know that while you’re in charge of Norton Corporation now, you have reason to believe that this position lacks security. I also happen to know that Finnick had withdrawn some of the shares lately. I can help you get all of Norton Corporation’s shares back so that you’ll have absolute control over them. What do you think?” 
“And why would you be so kind to do that?” Mark might have been tempted after hearing Evelyn’s proposal, but he had not completely lost his mind. He was sceptical about her and would not easily buy into her kindness. “Moreover, what can you do to help me get my shares back?” 
“Of course, I’m not helping you for .” A sly smile appeared on Evelyn’s face. “What you want is Norton Corporation’s shares, and what I want – is Vivian’s life! As for my methods, you’ll find out when the time comes.”
“You want to kill off Vivian?” Mark narrowed his eyes at her, his wits quickly catching on to the underlying message. He added, albeit vaguely, “It’s too risky. I’m not doing it.” 
“Hey… nothing ventured, nothing gained,” Evelyn persuaded Mark. “Besides, I don’t really want her dead. I just want to teach her a little lesson. Since she had the audacity to compete with me for what’s mine, I’ll let her know that there’s always a price to pay.” 
“Really?” Mark had witnessed Evelyn’s ruthlessness back then. At that moment, he still had reservations about her. 
“Of course, I just want to get back what’s supposed to be mine. If anything happens that arouses the police, what good will I gain from that?” 
After considering Evelyn’s offer and taking Finnor Group’s recent suppression of Norton Corporation into account, Mark nodded, agreeing to her terms. “Alright, what do you want me to do?” 
Evelyn smiled triumphantly, now that Mark had taken her up on her offer. 
“You see, all you need to do is…” Evelyn whispered in Mark’s ear. A plot to sabotage Finnick and Vivian had begun to take shape.
###Chapter 408
Chapter 408 
Lately, the relationship between Vivian and Finnick had eased a lot. The two of them were no longer as awkward as before. However, just thinking about Finnick and Evelyn having to work together, and often, still managed to wreck Vivian’s nerves. Whenever she interacted with Finnick, it always seemed like there was some kind of barrier between the two, preventing them from becoming as close as they used to. 
Vivian told herself that everything would be back to normal after Finnick’s current project was done and dusted. Then, she would work hard to get their life back on track. 
On that particular day, Vivian headed to the subway station as usual after getting off work. While waiting for the subway, she received a text message from Noah out of the blue. According to him, Finnick wanted to talk to her. Noah asked her to wait at the entrance of the alley next to the subway station, where he would pick her up soon. 
Upon reading the text message, Vivian had some doubts. Noah would usually call her if he had anything to say, and rarely would he send text messages. Furthermore, when she was having breakfast with Finnick that morning, he did not mention that he had anything to tell her. 
She checked the text message again. After confirming that the phone number belonged to Noah, she thought nothing of it and made her way to the alley. Perhaps there was an urgent matter that Finnick badly needed to discuss with her. 
Vivian eventually reached the alley, but Noah’s car was nowhere in sight. Then she waited patiently for fifteen minutes, but still, Noah did not show up. Feeling that something was amiss, Vivian took out her phone, intending to call Finnick.
As soon as she opened her bag to fish for her phone, someone attacked her from behind. The perpetrator covered her nose and mouth, and all she detected was a strange scent before her eyes weakly fell shut, and she soon lost consciousness. 
After Vivian fainted, two masked men in black suits quickly carried her into a car and fled the alley. 
By the time she woke up, Vivian felt like she was experiencing a sense of déjà vu. It was the same kind of feeling she had when she was kidnapped by Evelyn last time. The difference being, she woke up with a terrible headache then, but this time her whole head felt groggy, and her whole body had gone limp. 
Damn it. Have I been kidnapped again? That was the first thought that came up to her after she regained consciousness. She tried moving her limbs. Sure enough, she was completely tied up. 
Vivian secretly cursed herself for being her own jinx. She struggled to get up, wanting to get a view of her location. 
After some effort, she managed to get herself into a sitting position. She realized that she was currently in a shabby-looking warehouse, one that probably had not been in use for many years. 
However, Vivian did not have the time to linger on those thoughts. Focusing on a plan to escape, she strenuously rubbed both of her hands together in an effort to loosen the ropes that bound her. 
“Don’t waste your energy,” said a familiar voice from the back of the warehouse. Vivian immediately whipped her head around, only to find Evelyn advancing towards her. 
“Why are you here?” Vivian certainly did not expect to see Evelyn in such a place, but she quickly put two and two together. “You did this?”
“Vivian, Vivian… Still dumb, I see. Why do you always ask stupid questions?” Evelyn said with an air of contempt. 
“Why have you brought me here? Evelyn, I’m telling you. Kidnapping is against the law. Aren’t you afraid you’ll go to jail?” Vivian confronted Evelyn angrily. She could not believe that the other woman could even resort to abduction. 
“Of course I am, but you’ll have to be alive in order to call the police,” Evelyn mocked Vivian with a look of disdain as she squatted down to look at her victim. 
Realizing the danger hidden between the lines, instincts told Vivian that she was trapped in a bad situation. “What are you planning to do? Let me go at once!” 
“You want to know what I plan to do with you?” A loud, sinister cackle escaped Evelyn. She then stepped forward and pinched Vivian hard on the chin as she stared viciously into the captured woman’s eyes. “I want to destroy you, of course.” 
“Vivian William, just who do you think you are? You have neither talent nor good looks. Your social background isn’t even worth noticing. So, what makes you think you can compete with me for my man!” 
Evelyn squeezed her chin with so much force that Vivian kept shaking her head, trying hard to break . However, her attempts only managed to fan the flames as Evelyn tightened her grip, her nails digging into Vivian’s flesh. It was so terribly painful that Vivian could hardly feel her chin anymore. 
Vivian soon realized she could not beat Evelyn as she could not break of the devious woman’s shackles. With great difficulty, she uttered, “I’ve never fought over Finnick with you. When I met him, I… I didn’t even know that you were still alive.
###Chapter 409
Chapter 409 
“Well, I’m back now, so why are you still sticking around, refusing to leave?” Evelyn screeched. Her eyes were full of hatred, as though soaked with venom, as they bore into Vivian. Her once delicate facial features twisted and turned into something much more hideous. 
When Vivian heard Evelyn say that, she knew that her captor had crossed the line of reason. So, what she means is, even though I was in a relationship with Finnick, I should have split up with him once she came back and then return her rightful place to her. Is that right? 
“Finnick doesn’t like you anymore. Whatever happened between the two of you is all in the past. Plus, we’re already married.” Shocked by Evelyn’s thirst for dominance, Vivian hoped to make her see sense. 
Evelyn gave Vivian’s chin another tight squeeze and flicked her head aside. Fuelled by rage, she barked, “If he doesn’t like me, then who does he like? You? Oh, Vivian, you think too highly of yourself. Do you really think you’re a good match for him?” 
“Why would you think so? He said it himself – that the two of you are nothing more than business partners now. He doesn’t like you anymore.” 
Although Vivian knew that phrasing it that way might irritate Evelyn even more, thus further jeopardizing her own situation, she still chose to go head-to-head with her. 
She had had enough. Why does everyone think that I don’t deserve Finnick? Everyone seems to think that only Evelyn has the right to develop a relationship with him. Is it because she has a pretty face… and I don’t?
“Really?” Evelyn smirked with disdain. “So, let’s say – if Finnick finds out that you’re tainted by other men, do you think he’ll still stay with you?” 
“What do you mean? Evelyn, what are you trying to do?” Vivian panicked upon hearing the other woman’s words. In order to frame Vivian last time, Evelyn had even been willing to disfigure her own face. She could be that cruel to herself, let alone to other people. 
“I’m not doing anything.” Evelyn rose and clapped her hands. With a wicked grin, she revealed her plan to Vivian, who had now fallen onto the ground. 
“Imagine. Tomorrow, news of your… involvement with gangsters will be all over the papers and the Internet. All kinds of shameful and scandalous photos of your incident will be exposed to the world. I wonder, if Finnick sees those, do you think he’ll still have feelings for you like you say he does?” 
“You wouldn’t dare!” Evelyn’s scheme frightened Vivian to the core. She feared that the madwoman really had the gall to commit such a deed. “If you do this, Finnick won’t forgive you. I’ll tell him everything! You had better let me go this instant!” 
“Oh dear, I’m so afraid. Haha!” Evelyn released an evil laugh in response to Vivian’s statement. “Vivian, you pitiful girl. You haven’t learned your lesson, have you? You said the same thing at the café the last time we met. Like I said, everyone will only believe me, not you. That was the case last time, and it will be the same this time too.” 
“Don’t believe me? Hmph!” Evelyn shot a glance at Vivian before she shouted to whoever was outside the warehouse, “Come in now, all of you.” 
Right after Vivian gave her command, Vivian saw four filthy and hideous men enter the warehouse, all of whom were likely in their forties or fifties.
They were all dressed in rags, their hair dishevelled as though they had not been trimmed in decades. They were also covered in dirt and grime from head to toe. It must have been ages since they last took a shower. Vivian could detect a foul smell coming from the four of them even though they were standing far away. 
As soon as the four disgusting men stepped into the warehouse and came face to face with the two beautiful women inside, they began drooling all over. Several pairs of lustful eyes sized up Vivian and Evelyn, enough to make anyone shudder at the sight. 
Evelyn seemed repulsed by the four brutes as well. When they walked in, her face showed utter disgust, and, covering her nose with her fingers, she backed away. 
“Evelyn, who are they? Why have you called them?” Vivian screamed at the top of her lungs, shaking involuntarily. She fell into emotional collapse the instant she saw those strangers coming in. 
Although she had pictured this in her mind before, she did not expect that Evelyn would really do such a thing. She did not think that Evelyn would go to such great lengths to sully her reputation, and those creepy men were the ones she had picked to do her bidding. 
Seeing Vivian breaking down and wailing on the ground just two steps away, Evelyn slowly approached her victim. The corners of her lips could not help but curl upwards to match her cruel intentions, distorting her beautiful face. “Hmm, what was it I want them to do? I thought I’ve made it very clear to you just now. Vivian, I’ve carefully selected these four gentlemen here just for you. What do you think? Are you satisfied with them?”
###Chapter 410
Chapter 410 
“I’m warning you, Evelyn. Don’t do this!” Vivian was so shaken up that her voice was trembling. “Tell them to leave!” 
“Now, now. I’ve gone through a lot of trouble to hire them. They haven’t even started yet, so I can’t possibly let them go, can I?” Evelyn, eyes filled with malice and viciousness, glared daggers at Vivian. “Everything I’ve done to you just now, do you think it’s all a scare? You said Finnick likes you, is that right? Then we’ll see, Vivian, if Finnick still likes you even after you lose both your reputation and innocence!” 
“How dare you do such a thing? Let me go at once!” Vivian shouted in panic when she spotted the cruel look that fell on Evelyn’s face. “Evelyn, Finnick will never forgive you when he finds out about this!” 
“Why won’t I dare to?” Evelyn could not care less about Vivian’s threat. She took out a camera from her bag and paraded the item in front of Vivian. “Not only do I dare to do it to a good-for-nothing like you, but I’ll also be taking photos of the whole process and upload them online later. When that happens, I wonder if you’ll still have the will to live or the nerve to stay with Finnick! 
“Enjoy while it lasts. Rest assured, I’ll be in charge of recording everything for you.” After Evelyn said that, she decided she had had enough talk. She stepped back and waved her hand at the four beggars, giving them the signal. “She’s all yours for today. Don’t let me down.” 
When the beggars first laid eyes on Vivian, they could not bear it much longer. Initially, they had thought their prey would not be much of a looker, but she turned out to be quite a beauty. 
What a pleasant surprise! Not only do we get paid, but we also get a beautiful girl at our disposal. Fate is really kind to us today.
The four beggars rubbed their hands together and sniggered amongst themselves as they made their way towards Vivian. 
They approached Vivian with lewd grins on their faces, revealing their yellowish teeth. Vivian shifted backward, fear taking over her. “Leave me alone! Don’t you come close! Stay away!” 
At the same time, Evelyn turned on the camera and aimed at the five of them. She said to the beggars, “If I like what I see today, I’ll double your pay. I promise that all of you will be set for life, and you’ll never have to beg on the streets again.” 
The four only got more excited, motivated by Evelyn’s instruction. They stepped forward and surrounded Vivian at once. One began touching Vivian’s face, and the feeling thrilled him even more that he almost drooled. “Oh gosh, her skin is so fine! I’m telling ya, we’re in luck today!” 
“Haha, who’s going first? Or shall we do it together?” One suggested sinisterly. 
“We’ll all go for it. We have been through so much together, so of course, we have to share the reward,” another one proposed. 
“Just look at her. She’s crying so much, and now she’s got me itching!” the third member echoed. 
“Guess that means it’s about time.” One man grabbed hold of Vivian’s arms aggressively as he reached over to remove her jacket. 
Since one of them had made a move, the other three also hurled themselves at Vivian, tugging at her clothes. 
“No! Get away from me!” Vivian shrieked in agony. The four pairs of arms clinging onto her were utterly repulsive, making her feel nauseous. She could not stop retching. “Get lost! Don’t touch me!”
“Evelyn, I hate you! You tell them to stay away! Get off of me!” Vivian yelled in despair, her voice rough from all the straining. She tried to defend herself with everything she could muster, but it was all in vain. 
“Hoho.” Ignoring Vivian’s calls for help, the beggars kept clawing at her clothes. Keep screaming, little missy. We haven’t felt a woman in years! You’re only gonna make it so much better for us! What fun! We’ll enjoy this! 
“Get off me, you scumbags! Don’t touch me!” Vivian struggled, trying to fight them off, but with her hands and feet tied up, she was no match for the four men at all. Very soon, her jacket was taken off. 
The removal of the jacket revealed Vivian’s exquisite figure in a sleeveless top. The eyes that could not stop staring became even more frantic as the men swallowed hard. 
“Pretty missy, it’s no use shouting. You’re in the middle of nowhere. No one will hear you,” one of them said and then reached a hand out to caress her skin.
###Chapter 411
Chapter 411 
“That’s right. Be a good girl for us, and perhaps we might let you off easy,” the man drooled disgustingly. 
God damn, I’ve been begging on the streets for years. Hence, survival had always been the only thing in my mind, let alone a woman. Who knew I’d encounter such a beautiful woman today. I could die in peace if it were my last day today. 
“Aaah!” The beggar retracted his hands and noticed a bite mark that was covered in blood. He instantly slapped Vivian and yelled, “How dare you bite me, b*tch! I’ll take it that you like to play rough! So brace yourself because I won’t hold back!” 
The corner of Vivian’s lips bled after she suffered the slap. She knew she was doomed as she could not overpower the four men. So, she began to beg for mercy when she heard those words, “Please let me go, I beg of you! How much did she pay you to do this? I’ll double the price! No, I’ll triple it! Please, you can name the price as long as you let me go…” 
“Look who’s begging now… Well, it’s too late!” The four men had already lost their minds thus could not care less about her cries and pleads. “We don’t want the money anymore. We only want you!” 
The men picked Vivian up and threw her against the ground before rushing over to restraint her limbs. One of them stretched out his hand to take off the tank top that Vivian was wearing. 
“No! Let go of me, you b*stards! Let go of me!” Vivian croaked. Her voice was hoarse, and she had no energy left in her. Yet, she continued to struggle and shout. 
She tried to curl herself into a ball to avoid the hands that reached out to grab her.
I can’t let them do this to me. Absolutely not! It took me so long before I could move on from my past. I will not allow myself to relive my dark past again! Finnick, where are you? I need you! Please save me, Finnick. I don’t want to go through this! 
Vivian was getting weaker as she could no longer defend herself. Will I be insulted by these men today? No, I refuse to! I’d rather choose death! 
However, there was no way to escape as she was heavily pinned down. Ironically, even death had seemed impossible under such circumstances. Vivian’s heart was filled with despair as she cried out in her heart. Who can save me now? 
Meanwhile, Evelyn smiled in satisfaction as she stood by the side, watching Vivian struggle while recording the entire scene with her camera. Vivian’s screams were music to her ears as they made her very happy. 
Vivian, this is the punishment that you deserve! How could you have the audacity to take what’s mine? Do you have a death wish? Let’s see if Finnick would still like you when he realized you’re filthy! 
Evelyn could not resist herself but let out an evil laugh at that thought. 
Whatever that’s mine will forever be mine. No one will take it away from my grasp! 
At this moment… 
Boom! Boom! Boom! 
Loud bangs were coming from outside of the warehouse. 
The men shifted their attention from Vivian towards the direction of the commotion. Their expression hardened and trembled as they looked at one another. “Is that the police?” One asked in a hushed
tone. 
The remaining men froze and stopped tearing Vivian’s top upon hearing his words. They then looked in the direction of the warehouse entrance in trepidation. 
“Did someone call the cops? Are we going to jail?” Another man asked in fear. 
The men have committed many terrible deeds during their time on the streets. Yet, they felt a sense of guilt as they have never committed something as big as this. Fear overcame them as their legs wobbled in fear. The aggressiveness they had earlier had instantly disappeared. 
Evelyn also looked at the warehouse entrance nervously as she held the camera tightly in her hands. I planned the entire thing in secret. No one except Mark and myself could have known about this, let alone called the cops. So, who was it outside? 
“Help! Help me! Someone help me, please!” Vivian saw a glimmer of hope as she seized the opportunity to shout with all of her last strength to seek help. She believed that she had a chance to escape regardless of whoever was outside that door.
###Chapter 412
Chapter 412 
It seemed that the mysterious person heard Vivian’s cry for help as the commotion became even more desperate on the other side of the door. 
Seeing that, Evelyn was furious as she stepped forward and slapped Vivian. “Hurry up and cover her mouth!” She ordered the four men. 
At the same time, the men were in a panic mess as they quickly picked up Vivian’s torn jacket and stuffed it into her mouth after hearing Evelyn’s orders. 
At that moment, the warehouse door burst open with a loud bang, and a man quickly rushed in. 
The four beggars were startled when they heard the loud noise. They froze in their tracks and turned to look. 
As soon as one of the beggars turned his head, his face took a punch. He fell back to the ground as blood trickled from his nose before he could register what was going on. 
Vivian’s eyes sparkled with hope when she saw someone came to her rescue. The man rushed to Vivian as he took out the gag from her mouth and hid her behind him. 
“Benedict,” Vivian called out gratefully. “Please get me out of here, I beg of you! Please!” 
Although Benedict was Evelyn’s elder brother, Vivian believed that he came to save her instead of harming her. 
Benedict instantly knew what had happened before he arrived when he glanced at the four men and Vivian’s dishevelled state.
He glared at Evelyn before kicking one of the men who stood in the front among the group. 
The four men backed away timidly when they witnessed Benedict’s combat skills. “We have nothing to do with this! It was all her. She made us do it! It has nothing to do with us!” 
“Yeah, she paid us to do this. We didn’t volunteer for this! Please let us go. We don’t want to go to jail!” The four men pleaded as they pointed at Evelyn. “Please let us go.” 
“Scram!” Benedict roared. It’s a shame that I let them off so lightly, but I can’t fight them off alone if they decided to join forces against me. I’m not going to risk putting Vivian in danger again. 
Fortunately, the men feared Benedict thus did not go against his orders. Heeding to his instructions, they disappeared in a flash. 
Benedict sighed in relief when he saw the men leave in a dash. He then turned to look at Vivian. At that point, Benedict’s eyes were filled with distress when he saw Vivian’s state. Her face was drenched in tears while her clothes were tattered into pieces. 
“It’s okay now. They are gone. Everything’s okay.” He comforted as he placed his coat around Vivian. 
Vivian glanced at Benedict gratefully when he comforted her. She was incredibly thankful that he arrived in time. Otherwise, Vivian could not imagine what would become of her. She would not be able to continue living her life if it happened. 
“Thank you, Benedict. Thank you so much, I…” Vivian repeated in gratitude as tears began to pour from her eyes. The incident earlier had frightened her so much that it would send her trembling at the thought of it. 
He patted Vivian lightly before turning to Evelyn in anger.
“Ben, I…” She looked away in panic as she dared not meet her brother’s eyes. Why did he come? How could he possibly know about my plan? 
Benedict’s gaze went cold when he saw his sister. 
Slap!Benedict went forward and slapped Evelyn. 
“How could you do such a thing? You’re crossing the line! Thank God I came in time. Otherwise, could you imagine the consequences your action would lead to?” 
Evelyn held her face as she stared at Benedict in disbelief. My parents died when I was a young child. Thus, Ben took care of me ever since. He had always allowed me to do things my way. Even when Ben was mad at me, he would merely rebuke me and never gave me any physical punishment. Yet, he slapped me for Vivian’s sake! How could he?
###Chapter 413
Chapter 413 
Evelyn’s hatred towards Vivian instantly intensified. 
“Ben, how could you slap me?” Evelyn cried out. “You’ve never beaten me since I was a child, and now you’re doing this because of an outsider!” 
“Shouldn’t I?” Benedict replied furiously. “I’ve pampered you way too much over the years. Thus, you’re capable of hiring someone to commit a crime. Are you still the Evelyn I used to know?” 
He was heartbroken. I always knew Evelyn was a wayward girl. Yet, I was surprised to find her committing such a cruel thing after many years of not meeting her! 
Evelyn felt wrong when she heard Benedict reprimanding her in such a manner. “This isn’t my fault. It’s Vivian’s fault! How could she take Finnick away from me? None of this would have happened if she hadn’t married Finnick!” Evelyn shouted. 
“Evelyn,” Benedict was speechless when he heard her words. “Vivian and Finnick are married. They’re a lawfully wedded couple. Therefore, you shouldn’t interfere with their marriage. Do you want to be a homewrecker in the eyes of the public?” 
“I don’t care! Finnick’s mine, and mine alone!” Evelyn exclaimed loudly. “She has no right to be with Finnick. I met him first, so only I can be with him!” 
Evelyn held Benedict’s arm with pleading eyes. “Ben, can’t you just pretend you didn’t see anything? Finnick won’t want her once he found out Vivian was tainted. Then, he’ll be with me. Please, Ben, just…” 
Benedict could no longer tolerate Evelyn’s behavior as he raised his hands and slapped her once again. “How could you even think of doing this? I always knew you were domineering, but never would
I have imagined you to become someone so vicious!” 
“Ben!” Evelyn broke down when Benedict slapped her the second time. “How could you say that I’m vicious and slapped me for her sake?” She pointed at Vivian. 
Noticing a brick laying on the ground, Evelyn quickly picked it up, bringing it in Vivian’s direction. Unfortunately, Benedict could not stop Evelyn in time as he did not expect her sudden action. 
Vivian hurriedly turned her head when she saw the brick flying towards her. However, her forehead came in contact with the corner of the brick and started to bleed. 
“Are you okay?” Benedict rushed to Vivian to examine the wound. He realized a small area of her forehead was skinned as blood streamed endlessly from it. 
Vivian shook her head weakly. She felt as if her head was going to explode in pain from any slight movement. At that, she furrowed her eyebrows and dared not move an inch. 
She was already physically and mentally exhausted from dealing with the beggars. In addition to that, she felt even weaker after Evelyn smashed her with a brick. At that moment, she could vaguely feel the blood flowing out of her body as her vision started to lose focus. 
Benedict noticed Vivian’s pained expression as he hurriedly carried her to the car. “Stay with me, okay? I’ll take you to the hospital.” 
“I’ll deal with you once this is over!” Benedict shouted at Evelyn before he left the warehouse with Vivian in his arms. 
“Aaarrggggh!” Evelyn shouted angrily as she watched them leave the warehouse. “Vivian, this is all your fault! If it wasn’t for you, Finnick would still be mine! If it wasn’t for you, Ben wouldn’t have treated me that way! He loved me the most since I was a child. It’s all your fault! I hate you!” Evelyn’s voice
echoed in the empty warehouse. She wiped her tears with her arms and clenched her fists tightly as a wave of hatred churned within her heart. 
You got lucky, Vivian. But I swear this will be the last time someone came to your aid! 
In the meantime, Vivian could dazedly feel herself resting in a warm embrace. A pair of steady arms were holding her, making her feel at ease. It was as if someone had built a harbor that kept her safe and secure.
###Chapter 414
Chapter 414 
A warm voice comforted her that instant. It assured her that everything would be okay, but she could not make out the mysterious person. Who was it? She wondered. It must be Benedict. He was the one who rescued me. He was always there for me when I needed help. 
“Benedict…” Vivian was determined to make sure. Thus, she called out his name weakly. She wanted to open her eyes, but she could not open them no matter how hard she tried. Even if she did, the dizziness would instantly envelop her. 
Benedict noticed Vivian’s lips were moving, but he could not hear what she said. Thus, he assured her loudly, “Vivian, it’s Benedict. Can you hear me? Hold on for a bit. I’ll take you to the hospital right away!” 
So it was Benedict. Vivian relaxed as she knew she was in good hands before falling into darkness. 
Meanwhile, in Finnor Group’s office. 
Finnick’s eyebrows knitted as he hung up the call once again. What’s going on with Noah? Why isn’t he in the office nor is he picking up my calls? 
He called Ms. Leigh, who was standing by the door. “I have something urgent to speak with Noah. Could you please find him?” 
“Huh?” Ms. Leigh couldn’t help but wonder. That’s weird. The president would usually contact Mr. Lotte personally. Why did he need me to do so this time? Doubts aside, I should do what the president asked. “Yes, I’ll give Mr. Lotte a call right away.” 
“He’s not answering his phone, so could you please think of other ways to reach him.” 
“Alright.” Ms. Leigh nodded and left the office awkwardly.
It turned out that Mr. Lotte wasn’t answering his phone, but this was not a difficult task for her. 
She quickly posted the same message on both Moments and Twitter that said, Mr. Norton needs Mr. Lotte in his office urgently. Everyone, please inform Mr. Lotte to see Mr. Norton at the president’s office immediately. 
“Done.” She returned to her desk happily and sat down. As the saying goes, many hands make light work. Hence, I believe Mr. Lotte will appear in no time. 
Sure enough, Noah rushed in breathlessly after fifteen minutes. Seeing that he came, Ms. Leigh gestured at the office door. 
Noah flashed her a grateful smile and composed himself before entering the office to meet Finnick. 
“Mr. Norton, I heard that you were looking for me?” 
“Yes, but why didn’t you pick up my calls?” Finnick asked in dissatisfaction. 
“My apologies, Mr. Norton. I was unaware that I lost my phone. Thus, I bought one just now. However, my phone’s SIM card was not ready yet. I promise it will never happen again.” 
“Alright.” Finnick’s expression softened when he heard Noah’s explanation behind his disappearance. “Could you send me client details I told you to arrange earlier? I need it now.” 
“Alright. Give me a moment, Mr. Norton.” Noah returned to his desk. 
Knock. Knock. Knock. 
“What is it?” Finnick asked as he continued scanning the proposal. 
“President, Mr. Mark would like to see you,” Ms. Leigh answered.
Finnick was confused as he paused what he was doing. Mark rarely came to me unless he had something in mind. 
“Let him in.” 
“Alright.” She replied and left. 
Moments later, Mark appeared at the president’s office. 
“Your office looks great!” Mark said grotesquely as soon as he entered and began to tour around the office on his own. 
“Cut the crap. What do you want?” Finnick asked directly. 
Mark toured around the place before sitting cross-legged across Finnick. He acted as if he was the boss of the office instead. “What’s with you? Can’t your older brother come over to visit you sometimes?” 
Finnick crossed his arms and squinted as he studied Mark. He did not understand Mark’s intentions in coming here. 
At the same time, Mark felt slightly uncomfortable from Finnick’s stare and said, “I seemed to not be welcomed.” 
“I’m going to ask you one last time. What do you want?” Finnick repeated impatiently. “I have no time to entertain you, so please feel to leave.”
###Chapter 415
Chapter 415 
Mark was furious at Finnick’s tone as he stood up and roared, “Finnick, is this how you should treat me? I am your brother, after all.” 
“Noah, you know what to do.” Finnick did not intend to continue the conversation with Mark. Thus, he ordered Noah to send him away. 
“Yes, president.” Noah was already displeased with Mark’s attitude and behavior from the start. However, he did not step forward to stop him as he was Finnick’s older brother and the head of Norton Corporation. Hence, he was overjoyed and immediately stepped forward as soon as Finnick had given him orders. “Mr. Norton, this way please.” 
“Hmph! How dare you drive me away? I promise you’ll regret this.” Mark pointed at Finnick as he stood still. 
“Noah!” Finnick was running out of patience as he thought Mark deliberately came to bother him. Hence, he raised his voice and called out Noah’s name. 
Noah instantly understood Finnick as he stepped forward and began to drag Mark out of the office. “Mr. Norton, it’s better if you leave on your own. Things would get ugly if I called security.” 
Mark did not expect himself to be asked to leave. Thus, he was instantly filled with humiliation and anger. “Finnick, don’t you care about your wife anymore?” 
Finnick instantly signalled Noah to let go of Mark as he rushed to him and asked, “What do you mean? What did you do to Vivian?” 
Mark smoothened his suit that Noah wrinkled and said slowly, “Oh, so now you don’t want me to leave?”
“Tell me what you did to her!” Finnick grabbed his tie, and his eyes lit up in anger. “I’m warning you – I won’t let you off if anything happens to Vivian!” 
Mark panted heavily in embarrassment as he forcefully pulled away from Finnick’s grip. However, he was filled with pride to see Finnick angry. He was pleased to know that he had successfully set Finnick into an irritated state. 
“Easy there, I still have something to show you,” He said while taking out his phone to show Finnick a video clip. 
“No! Let go, you b*stards! Let go of me!” Vivian’s heart-breaking cry was heard as soon as he played the video clip. 
“Mrs. Norton!” Noah stepped forward anxiously when he heard Vivian’s voice. He was curious about the content of the video. 
As for Finnick, he was standing right beside Mark. Hence, he could see the video clip clearly. 
He saw Vivian looking at the people in front of her in terror with her limbs all tied up. A few men, dressed as beggars, approached her with a lewd smile. Then, they began to tear her clothes while Vivian cried and struggled in misery. 
Then, the video clip came to an abrupt end. It stopped at Vivian’s teary face. 
The veins on Finnick’s body popped in anger as he punched Mark when he saw the despaired look on Vivian’s face. “What did you do her? Where is she now?” 
Mark staggered to the ground and wiped his left cheek that was now stained with blood. 
A vicious look flashed before his eyes as he slowly got up from the ground. He stared at Finnick in detest and said, “If you want to save Vivian, do as I tell you.”
“What do you want!” He clenched his fists to control himself from punching Mark. 
“It’s simple. I want you to release all of the client’s information under your company into the Internet.” Mark’s eyes glinted in excitement. “Once you’ve done that, I will release Vivian.” 
“You’d better remember what you’ve promised. If I don’t see Vivian, I’ll make you pay a bigger price than you can bear,” Finnick warned dangerously. “Noah, go and do exactly as he said.” 
“We can’t do that, Mr. Norton!” Noah hurriedly stopped him. “You’d completely lose your credibility if you published our client’s information to the public. You wouldn’t be able to survive in the financial industry in the future.” 
“Do as I said now!” Finnick ignored Noah’s words as he turned and shouted at him, “Are you not going to obey me?” 
“But, Mr. Norton…” 
“NOW!” 
“Yes.” Noah realized how persistent he was and had no choice but to do as he was told.
###Chapter 416
Chapter 416 
After a moment, Noah returned and said to Finnick, “Mr. Norton, the information of all the clients of Finnor Group have been posted online.” 
Mark was shocked at the latter’s actions upon hearing that. 
He had never planned to let Finnick publicize the clients’ information. After all, this was basically destroying Finnor Group, and it would cut off Finnick’s path of retreat in the finance industry. Thus, initially, he wasn’t sure that the latter would agree at all. 
That was why originally, Mark only planned to ask Finnick to transfer Norton Corporation’s shares to him. However, after being beaten up by the latter, he flew into a fit of rage and suggested such a plan. 
Mark didn’t expect Finnick to be so fond of Vivian that the latter would agree without any hesitation, regardless of all his hard work over the years. 
Hmph! You brought this on yourself, Finnick. You can’t blame me just because you chose to ruin your own future for a woman. 
Meanwhile, a huge commotion erupted online all because Finnor Group had disclosed their clients’ information. 
What the heck! What’s happening? Did Finnor Group’s computers get hacked? 
Finnor Group really lacks credibility. How can they leak the information of so many clients? 
Who would dare to collaborate with them now? They’re just like a bomb that could go off anytime.
I can’t be this unlucky, right? Our company’s involved too. We’re going to suffer a great loss! I can just forget about my bonus now. Finnick Norton, you’ve got to pay for my loss… 
Logically speaking, these pieces of top-secret information shouldn’t be leaked. Is it possible that there’s a mole within the Finnor Group? 
It doesn’t matter if there’s a mole. All I know is that Finnor Group is doomed. They’re obviously going to go bankrupt soon. 
Is Mr. Norton’s image as the domineering president going to crumble soon? He wouldn’t go broke, would he? 
Netizens offered many suggestions but there was one thing for sure – Finnor Group was in a huge crisis. It wasn’t something that could be solved easily and was almost equivalent to the end of the company. 
“You saw it yourself. I’ve done everything just like you asked.” Finnick glared at Mark and said in anger, “Where is Vivian? Hurry up and let her go now!” 
The latter couldn’t contain his excitement when he saw his brother disclose the clients’ information with his own eyes. This is like hitting two birds with one stone! 
People at Norton Corporation would definitely not want to stand by Finnick’s side now that there’s such a crisis of confidence. The old man wouldn’t be able to say anything about it anymore. Finnor Group’s business will definitely plummet and it will no longer be a threat to Norton Corporation and me. 
Mark wanted to applause himself as he felt that it was a wise decision. 
At the thought of his brother doing something so stupid just for a woman, he couldn’t help but mock, “Finnick, is doing all these really worth it just for a woman? I really didn’t expect someone from the
Norton family to be so crazy.” 
“Quit blabbering bulls**t. Where’s Vivian?” All Finnick wanted to do at the moment was to give Mark a good beating. 
“She’s in ward 307 of the General Hospital. Go look for her yourself.” The latter saw the anger in his eyes and turned to leave after revealing the hospital’s address. Mark knew that he wouldn’t be able to ask for anything else even if he stayed longer. 
“Don’t worry, Finnick. I wouldn’t chase you out of our family even if you’ve become worthless in the future. It’s just taking care of another good-for-nothing. I don’t mind spending the money at all. Hahaha…” Not wanting to leave just like that, Mark added an arrogant remark before finally leaving. 
Who knew that it would be so easy to deal with you, Finnick? I’ll just see what you’d do now that you have Vivian as your kryptonite. 
Upon hearing that, Finnick clenched his fists tightly while Noah resisted going up to Mark and beating him up. 
“The important thing now is finding Vivian.” The former watched as Mark left and stopped the latter from doing anything rash. 
“Yes, Mr. Norton.” Noah knew what mattered more now, and he quickly added, “I’ll get the car ready to head to the hospital.” 
“No need. The clients’ information was leaked. Thus, it wouldn’t take long for the company to be in chaos. You should stay here and handle the company matters.”
###Chapter 417
Chapter 417 
“But will you be alright yourself?” Noah was worried that it would be dangerous for Finnick to drive himself now as the latter must be feeling much angrier than he was. 
“Yes. Give me the car keys.” 
“Alright.” He understood that someone had to be at the company to handle the crisis as well. 
Finnick immediately left his office after he got the car keys. 
The scene from the video clip kept replaying in his mind as he drove to the hospital and the despaired look on Vivian’s face haunted him. He couldn’t pay attention while he drove as all he could see at that moment was his wife screaming and struggling. 
A sudden bang sounded, and it brought Finnick back to reality. He finally realized what had happened after shaking his head a little. 
It turned out that the traffic lights had turned red, and the car in front had stopped. Yet, he wasn’t paying attention and ended up crashing into the rear of the car. 
“Hey! Are you blind? Do you even know how to drive?” the driver from the car in front shouted, and it was obvious that he wasn’t going to let this matter off so easily. 
Finnick didn’t want to deal with the hassle for long, so he took out his wallet and said, “How much is it? I’ll pay for it.” 
“You think you’re all that just because you have money? I want to settle things with you right here, right now. Look at what you did to my car!”
“How much is it?” the former asked again, ignoring what the man had just said. 
At the sight of the expression in Finnick’s eyes, the man didn’t dare to say anything else anymore. His eyes were so cold, but they were also full of fury, and it made anyone who looked into them shudder. 
“F-Five thousand!” The man stuttered and said something outrageously greedy. 
After removing all the money from his wallet, the former got into his car and left. 
He knew that he was in the wrong but he was burning with so much rage that he wasn’t in the mood to apologize at all. He can just keep the extra money as compensation for everything. 
After that, Finnick stopped himself from thinking too much again and drove at high speed to the hospital. 
Once he arrived, he instantly rushed to ward 307. He bumped into a few people on his way, but he didn’t even manage to apologize as all he wanted to do was meet Vivian as soon as he could. 
However, when he was finally outside the ward, he pulled back his hand that was on the door’s handle. Finnick didn’t dare to enter the ward all of a sudden. 
I wasn’t by Vivian’s side when she got hurt previously, and I wasn’t with her this time as well. I… I promised her that I would protect her. But I never managed to do it even once. How am I supposed to face her now? 
He peeked into the room through the small window on the door and saw Vivian laying on the bed. Her eyes were shut tight and her face was pale as if she was still in a coma. 
Heartache and guilt stirred in his heart when he noticed the gauze wrapped around her head. At the same time, he swore in his heart that he would definitely go after Mark for this.
“You’re here, Finnick.” Evelyn, who was in the ward, saw him and walked out to greet him. 
Finnick took a glance at her and went back to staring at Vivian. “How is she doing now?” 
When the woman saw that Finnick only had his eyes on his wife, she lowered her head and hatred flashed across her eyes for a brief moment. Yet, when she looked up again, sorrow was written all over her face. 
“Her injuries are quite serious. She’d already slipped into a coma by the time Ben and I found her.” 
“Benedict? How did you guys find her?” Finnick instantly turned to Evelyn upon hearing that, his eyes full of doubt and confusion. 
A sense of guilt rose in the latter’s chest from being stared at, and she quickly looked away. “Ben and I were supposed to go get lunch together today. But when we passed by the subway station, we coincidentally saw Vivian being carried into a car by two men wearing masks. 
“We immediately followed the car in a moment of panic and forgot to tell you about it. Anyway, we followed them all the way to the suburbs, but after taking a turn, the car disappeared. Both of us got down from our car and searched for a long time before finding the car parked beside an abandoned warehouse. 
“Ben and I were worried that something dangerous could’ve happened to Vivian, so we rushed in. However, there wasn’t anyone else in there once we got in. All we saw was Vivian who had fainted on the ground. And she… She looked like she had been…”
###Chapter 418
Chapter 418 
“Had been what?” Finnick raised his tone when Evelyn was hesitant with her words. He had a bad feeling about it and hoped that it wasn’t like what he was imagining. 
But the woman didn’t continue. “Just stop asking, Finnick. Be thankful that she’s fine now. Besides, I’m sure she wouldn’t want you to know that something like this had happened to her.” 
“What on earth happened to Vivian?” he yelled. The man was seemingly more and more anxious after hearing what she said. 
Perhaps he had frightened her because tears started well up in Evelyn’s eyes. Her body trembled, and her voice shook as she said, “Vivian… She… When we went in… we saw…” 
Her babbling didn’t give him any substantial information, and it made Finnick even more frantic. 
Right then, a doctor was about to check up on Vivian. Finnick instantly grabbed the doctor by his collar and asked, “What happened to Vivian? Tell me what happened to her!” 
The doctor couldn’t breathe after being grabbed by the collar so suddenly. He struggled for a little and slapped hard on Finnick’s arms so that the latter would let go of him. 
At the sight of this, Evelyn rushed over to help him. She tugged on Finnick’s arm and said, “Stop it, Finnick. You have to let go of the doctor first. He wouldn’t be able to talk if you continue this.” 
Having heard that, the man let go and stared at the doctor with bloodshot eyes. 
Maybe the doctor was used to seeing things like this as he wasn’t too angry about it. After he caught his breath, he said, “What’s your relationship with the patient in ward 307?”
“I’m her husband. What kind of injuries did my wife suffer?” Finnick shouted impatiently. 
Embarrassment flashed across the former’s eyes upon hearing the question. His mouth gaped, but no words came as if he didn’t know how to break the news to Finnick. 
After a moment, he sighed and said, “You’d better be mentally prepared. Your wife was…” 
He stopped mid-sentence, trying to put his thoughts into words. 
The latter watched the doctor anxiously, and he looked as though he was a prisoner waiting for his interrogation results. 
“Based on the results we got previously, it seemed like she had been gang-raped.” 
“What?” Finnick was on the verge of collapsing as if he was drained out of energy. He took a few steps back and slid onto the floor when his back hit the wall. 
“Her body is still very weak now, so do take good care of her. Don’t get too worked up over this.” After consoling him for a bit, the doctor shook his head and left. He didn’t even check on Vivian, probably afraid that it would upset the man even more. 
Finnick, who was still on the floor, suddenly remembered that the four men in the video clip Mark showed him earlier had been pulling on Vivian’s clothes non-stop. 
He had thought that they were just putting on an act and that his brother hired them to threaten him. He thought that Mark wouldn’t actually hurt Vivian, but apparently, that was not the case. 
At that thought, he slammed his fist forcefully onto the wall, and his knuckles bled instantly. However, he felt no pain as all he could feel at the moment was pure hatred for Mark. 
I’ll kill you, Mark! No. I’m going to torment you to the point where you wish you were dead!
Evelyn, on the other hand, instantly rushed to grab Finnick’s arm when she saw that he was hurting himself. She then said in concern, “Don’t do this, Finnick. You can’t change anything even if you hurt yourself.” 
After that, she took out a handkerchief from her pocket and wrapped it around his hand. Tears fell from her face as she said, “Vivian wouldn’t want to see you like this when she wakes up as well.” 
Upon hearing his wife’s name, he quickly glanced back to the ward. His eyes were full of heartache and guilt as he mumbled to himself, “I’m sorry, Vivian. It’s all my fault. I didn’t protect you. This is all my fault…” 
Evelyn lowered her head, feeling extremely jealous when she heard him blaming himself. How can Finnick blame himself? Vivian obviously brought this upon herself. 
But a smug look appeared on her face in an instant. This might be a good thing too. At least it means that Finnick believed what the doctor said. 
She quickly raised her head and said while sobbing, “You didn’t even see just how pitiful Vivian looked when we found her. Her clothes were all torn. She was unconscious, and her body was even covered in bruises…”
###Chapter 419
Chapter 419 
Finnick couldn’t stop himself from imagining Vivian being raped by the men after hearing what she said. It was as though his wife was calling for help right by his ears, “Help me, Finnick! Help!” 
“That’s enough!” he snapped and interrupted her. The wound that had just been stopped from bleeding opened up again due to him clenching his fists so tightly. The off-white handkerchief was stained red, and the sight of it was absolutely horrifying. 
“I’m sorry, Finnick. I’m not saying these to you on purpose. I just feel that it’s all too sad. I couldn’t help but feel upset now that I think about how she looked like when in the warehouse.” As she spoke, Evelyn started crying again. “How can they do such a cruel thing to her?” 
However, what she didn’t realize was that her crying had annoyed Finnick. He took a few deep breaths and tried to calm himself down before saying to her, “You should head back first. I want to be alone with Vivian for now.” 
She couldn’t find an excuse to stay after hearing what he said, so she had no choice but to get up and leave. 
“Evelyn,” he suddenly called out to her. 
“What is it?” Evelyn turned around in surprise, and she anticipated what he was about to say. 
“Thank you and Benedict for saving Vivian.” 
Disappointment flashed across her face, but she replied, “You don’t need to thank us. Vivian’s a good friend of ours as well.” 
“Okay.”
Evelyn turned back and continued walking, seeing that Finnick wasn’t going to say anything else. 
The man then sat alone outside for a long time. He wanted to go take a look at Vivian but didn’t have the courage to do so. 
He didn’t know how to face his wife who was covered in injuries. What am I supposed to say to her when she finally wakes up? 
Knowing that running away wasn’t a solution, Finnick finally stood up and slowly made his way to the ward. 
Once he pushed open the door and got a better view of Vivian, tears instantly welled up in his eyes. It’s all my fault that I wasn’t able to protect her. 
His vision was blurry as he walked towards the bedridden woman. He took a seat on the chair beside the bed but couldn’t find the courage to reach out to her. 
Tears fell from his face, and his vision became clear again. Yet he would rather that he could never see clearly forever. 
Her face was white as a sheet, and her lips were dry and cracking. There was a little blood staining the gauze on her head, and her skin that wasn’t covered up was full of scratches. 
Finnick held her hand and put it on his lips. His tears landed on the back of Vivian’s hand before sliding down onto the bedsheets. 
“I’m sorry, Vivian. I wasn’t able to protect you well. I swear I will never let you get hurt anymore. I’ll make those who hurt you pay for what they did. I will stay by your side no matter what you’ve gone through, Vivian. I’ll spend the rest of my life with you.”
Even though he wasn’t sure if Vivian could hear him while in her coma, he kept talking to her. He talked about how sorry he was and how much he loved him. He even talked about their future together. 
No matter what happened, he would be by her side as they lived their life together. 
Meanwhile, Evelyn didn’t actually leave the hospital. She had found a secluded corner of a stairwell and was making a call to someone. 
After a while, the doctor who was supposed to check up on Vivian appeared. 
“You did well. I’ll wire the leftover money to your account later.” 
“Thank you, Ms. Morrison,” the doctor said with an appeasing smile on his face. He was obviously a bootlicker, and he didn’t have the look of someone who saved lives at all. “Is there anything else that you need my help with?” 
“Just continue with this act with that man in the next few days. You don’t have to make it too obvious, just enough to make him believe that his wife was really raped,” Evelyn whispered. 
“Understood. Don’t worry, Ms. Morrison. But about my reward…” The doctor had a look of a villain at the mention of money. 
“I won’t forget to pay you. As long as I’m satisfied with the results, I’ll definitely complete the transaction,” she replied disdainfully.
###Chapter 420
Chapter 420 
Some people were just like that. They were willing to do anything if they were paid – even when they had to betray their conscience. “Also, I’ll be coming to the hospital frequently in the next few days. Remember to act like you don’t know me. You won’t be getting even a single cent if you blow this up.” 
“I understand. Don’t worry about it, Ms. Morrison,” the doctor promised with a firm nod. 
“Alright. You can leave now.” Evelyn waved her hand at him impatiently. 
“Then I’ll be heading to work now.” The doctor had a smile on his face as he turned, but it instantly vanished the moment his back was facing her. 
Hmph. What a b***h. If it wasn’t for the money, do you think I’d grovel like that? You could be anything since you’re so pretty, yet you insist on being someone else’s mistress. 
She probably planned this all out so that the man from earlier would misunderstand his wife. She obviously wants to separate them. 
But this has nothing to do with me. Everything’s fine as long as I get the money. Medical ethics? Hah! What is that? Can it allow me to live a great life? The money Ms. Morrison gave me is nearly my salary of a year and a half. How could I not do it? 
In the meantime, Evelyn was still standing there with a triumphant smile on her face. 
So what if someone saved you? As long as Finnick believes that you were raped, I’ve achieved what I wanted to. 
There isn’t a man who wouldn’t mind something like this. Now that I’ve planted this thorn in his heart, he’s going to leave you sooner or later.
“Are you satisfied?” Just as Evelyn rejoiced in her heart, she suddenly heard Benedict’s voice from behind her. 
“Ben,” she said as she turned around anxiously. “When did you arrive?” Ben couldn’t have heard my conversation with the doctor, right? 
“When you made the call earlier.” His voice was filled with disappointment and anger as he continued, “How can you bribe a doctor to lie to Finnick? Do you know how much of an impact it’ll be on their relationship?” 
Of course, she knew; it was her point of doing this, after all. 
“How can you only think of Vivian, Ben? I’m your sister. Can’t you think on my behalf too?” Evelyn couldn’t accept that her brother was favoring Vivian. “If you didn’t save her, do you think I’d have to resort to bribing the doctor?” 
“Evelyn!” Benedict became furious at her words. “How can you not feel any guilt after doing something like this? It was fortunate that I managed to save Vivian. Do you know it’s illegal to instigate someone to commit a crime? You’ll end up in jail!” 
“Who would’ve known if you don’t say anything?” The woman was nonchalant even after hearing what he said. “This isn’t my fault. I just want Finnick to come back to me.” 
“But he’s in love with someone else now!” Benedict couldn’t understand why his sister was so obsessed with Finnick. “He has a wife, Evelyn.” 
“That’s why I want them to get divorced. As long as they’re divorced, Finnick will definitely come back to me,” she said matter-of-factly.
“What the… Are you still the Evelyn that I know?” The sight of his sister upset him. “My sister wouldn’t be so unscrupulous to get something she wants. How did you end up like this, Evelyn?” 
“Of course, I’m still your sister, Ben. How can you say that?” She felt awkward upon hearing that as she didn’t expect him to tell her off so straightforwardly. In an instant, she flew into a rage out of humiliation. 
“I just want to get back what belongs to me. Finnick is mine, and Vivian was the one who snatched him away from me. Why are you only blaming me? Besides, I didn’t really do anything to her. You managed to save her too. She wasn’t actually raped, and I just wanted Finnick to misunderstand her.” 
Benedict didn’t know how to answer her when he saw how unreasonable she was being. 
Seeing that he wasn’t saying anything, Evelyn asked, feeling a little scared, “You won’t sell me out, right?” 
His mind was a mess as he didn’t know what he should do. One of them was his only family, while the other was a friend he liked very much. It felt like no matter what he chose, it would be a wrong decision.
###Chapter 421
Chapter 421 
Benedict’s silence made Evelyn anxious. “Ben, please don’t tell Finnick about it.” Tugging his hand, she whined, “You know how he is like. If he finds out what happened, he will not let me off the hook.” 
Benedict knew she was right. Although he saved Vivian, he did not think he could tell Finnick that she was the person behind all of it either. 
Having learned from Ashley’s incident, he knew that if Finnick found out that Evelyn was responsible for Vivian’s kidnap, not only would he danger his sister but the whole Morrison family too. He could not take such a big risk. 
“Ben, please give me your word. You can’t tell Finnick anything. I’m begging you,” Evelyn pitifully pleaded. 
Benedict gave his sister a complex look. After all, she was the only person he had blood ties with, no matter how shrewd she was. Besides, he promised his parents to take care of her, and he could not put her in such a dangerous position. 
Seeing her brother’s small nod, Evelyn flashed a small smile. She knew that he still doted on her. 
“In return, you must promise never to hurt Vivian again,” Benedict sternly warned. 
“Okay, I promise,” Evelyn casually stated to appease him. 
Turning to glance in the direction of Vivian’s ward, Benedict’s eyes were filled with regret as he inwardly apologised to her. 
All this time, Finnick was gripping Vivian’s hand, waiting for her to wake up.
When Vivian finally woke up, she opened her eyes to see white walls around her. Realizing she was in the hospital, she let out a sigh of relief, thankful that she had escaped. 
“Vivian, you’re awake,” Finnick exclaimed. He was nervous but glad to see her regain her consciousness. 
The moment Vivian heard the man’s voice, tears rolled down her cheeks. Her brain recalled the fear and anxiety she felt from before. While she was struggling in the warehouse earlier, she desperately hoped to see Finnick. Now, he was finally in front of her. 
“Finnick, I…” She choked out his name but could not continue. With tears in her eyes, she could only look at Finnick. 
That sight made Finnick’s heart ache for her. Immediately, he wiped her tears and wrapped his arms around her. In a comforting tone, he muttered, “I’m right here. Don’t worry. I will stay by your side…” 
Unable to hold back her emotions, Vivian cried harder when she heard Finnick consoling her. Burying her head deeper in his arms, she finally let go of the fear and anger she had pent up. 
Finnick’s eyes teared, hearing the painful sobs from his loved one. After blinking his eyes multiple times, he patted Vivian’s back and cooed, “Alright, don’t cry anymore. Everything is in the past now.” 
It took a long time before Vivian stopped crying. 
Gently, Finnick pulled himself away from her to get a tissue for her to wipe her tears. After he wiped them dry, he hugged her again, resting his chin on the crown of her head. From time to time, he would whisper words of comfort. 
Meanwhile, Vivian snuggled in his embrace, trying to absorb his warmth. Slowly, she managed to regain her composure.
It still took some time before she completely calmed down and raised her head from Finnick’s arms again. Instantly, she noticed that Finnick’s shirt was soaked with her tears and dirtied by her snort. 
Feeling embarrassed, she could not lift her gaze to match Finnick’s. She could only take a piece of tissue to try to clean up the mess she made. 
“It’s alright. I can change into a new shirt later.” Finnick stared into Vivian’s eyes, taking her hands into his. 
As she was very emotional earlier, Vivian did not manage to take a proper look at Finnick. Facing each other now, she could see his features clearly. 
She noticed how haggard he looked with the dark circles around his eyes. Furthermore, his eyes did not light up like before and looked quite swollen. Judging from the stubble on his chin, it looked like he had not rested well for a long time.
###Chapter 422
Chapter 422 
“Look at how drained you look. I’m sorry for making you worry,” Vivian uttered, touching his cheek with her hand. 
Finnick felt worse hearing Vivian’s words. As compared to what she had been through, this was nothing. Yet, she was apologizing to him. He should be the one to apologize for not being there to protect her when she needed him most. 
Pulling her into his arms again, he held back his tears and assured her, “Vivian, everything is okay now. Whatever happened is in the past, and I will not leave you.” 
“Hmm?” Vivian gently broke out of the embrace and stared at Finnick in confusion. 
Cupping Vivian’s face, Finnick earnestly looked into her eyes and declared, “Vivian, I love you. I love your heart and your soul. Regardless of what happens, I will never abandon you. Therefore, you must promise me that you will never leave me either, and you will stay with me forever.” 
It was heart-warming to hear Finnick’s sudden confession, though Vivian did not understand where he was coming from. 
She held Finnick’s hands and curiously asked, “Why are you telling me this all of a sudden? Nothing happened to me. Am I not sitting here in front of you?” 
Finnick froze when he heard her response but quickly recovered and replied, “Yes, you are fine now. Nothing happened. We can pretend that everything was a thing of the past.” 
“What happened in the past?” Vivian looked puzzled. 
“Nothing. Nothing happened.” Finnick let out a bitter laugh, trying to hide the pain he felt.
Realizing that Finnick was not going to share what he meant, Vivian tried to ignore the burning questions she had. She did not probe any further and changed the topic instead. “Did Benedict tell you that I was here?” 
She remembered that Benedict saved her by the bell. Therefore, he probably sent her here. 
At that thought, she felt a surge of gratitude towards him. It was fortunate that he rushed there just in time. Otherwise, she would not be lying here and facing Finnick with her head held high. 
On the other hand, Finnick was confused by Vivian’s question, but he did not overthink it. “No, it wasn’t him. It was Mark who told me you were here.” 
“Mark?” Vivian was bewildered by Finnick’s answer. 
“Yes.” Thinking that Vivian recalled her painful memories, Finnick regretted mentioning Mark’s name. He gently tapped her hand and assured her, “Don’t be afraid. He can’t hurt you anymore.” 
However, Vivian did not catch what he said as she was busy wondering how Mark knew she landed up here. 
She was certain that Benedict sent her here because he was the last person she saw before she fainted. Other than him, only Evelyn knew she was here. Was it Evelyn who told Mark? 
Instantly, Vivian asked, “Where is Evelyn then? I remember seeing her.” 
“Oh, she is with Benedict. She saved you.” Finnick thought she had forgotten about it, having been through such a traumatic experience. “When you get better, we can thank her together.” 
When she heard that Evelyn saved her with Benedict, she finally understood the situation. Evelyn and Mark planned the kidnapping.
Evelyn did this because of Finnick. Why did Mark do it then? Did he want to blackmail Finnick? 
“What are you thinking about?” Finnick questioned while ruffling her hair when he saw Vivian in a daze. Then, he sympathetically added, “Don’t overthink, alright?” 
Vivian raised her head to look at Finnick and wanted to tell him her speculations. However, she remembered what happened at the café. 
He did not believe me at that time, so would he believe me this time? Would he think that I am merely trying to black mouth Evelyn? 
Besides, Finnick told me that Evelyn saved me and even suggested to thank her. It means that he believed that it was the truth. If I blindly state that Evelyn was responsible for the kidnapping, how would he think about it? Would he think that I am trying to set Evelyn up?
###Chapter 423
Chapter 423 
“What’s wrong? Do you have something to tell me?” Finnick commented, noticing Vivian’s burning gaze. 
After some thought, Vivian decided not to reveal her guess. Instead, she would tell him once she confirmed the truth behind it and had evidence for it. 
“Nope. I was thinking about how lucky I was for Benedict to save me in time. Otherwise, I would not be here in one piece,” she made up an excuse. 
“Lucky?” This time, Finnick was confused by her choice of words. 
“Of course. Wasn’t it fortunate?” Vivian did not understand Finnick’s confusion. “Luckily, Benedict showed up in time to save me. Otherwise…” 
She paused. Thinking about the incident in the warehouse, she burst into tears again. She lowered her head, and her tears fell on the blanket. Gritting her teeth, she took a deep breath before she muttered, “Otherwise, those people would have succeeded.” 
It made Finnick more baffled. Did she mean that those men did not touch her? 
That’s odd. Evelyn told me that she saw Vivian being raped by them. The doctor also did a test and confirmed that she was sexually abused. What is going on? Does she not remember anything? 
Although many questions filled Finnick’s head, he did not want to question her any further. Looking at the crying figure before him, he did not want to upset her. 
He tried to push away his thoughts. Using his thumb to wipe away the tears on Vivian’s face, he said, “Don’t cry anymore. Let’s not think about what happened. You should take a good rest instead.”
Vivian silently nodded, closing her eyes and holding back her tears. 
Cautiously, Finnick lowered Vivian down to a lying position and dried her tears with a tissue. “Get some sleep. When you wake up, everything would be okay.” 
After crying so much, Vivian was exhausted. It did not take long before she drifted off to sleep while clinging onto Finnick’s hand. 
Finnick slowly pried his numb hands away from hers and rubbed them together when she finally slept. Looking at the sleeping figure, he supported himself with the bed rails and planted a kiss on her cheek. Then, he whispered, “No matter what happened, I love you.” 
He lifted his head to stare at her angelic face for a while longer before straightening her blanket and turning to leave the ward. 
The moment he stepped out, he saw Noah standing outside. 
Noah had been there for a long time. However, when he saw Finnick in Vivian’s ward, he did not want to disturb them. Thus, he politely waited outside. When he saw his boss coming out, he rushed over. “Mr. Norton, the board of directors…” 
“Before that, let’s find the doctor first,” Finnick cut Noah off before the latter could finish. With Noah struggling to keep up behind him, Finnick briskly walked towards the doctors’ office. 
There, Finnick looked for the doctor who came by earlier. After briefly explaining the situation, he anxiously asked, “Doctor, what happened to my wife? Why can’t she seem to recall what happened?” 
Initially, the doctor was slightly flustered to see Finnick approaching him, thinking that the man saw through his lie. However, after hearing his question, the doctor felt relieved. Finnick still believed his words.
“Maybe the patient is unable to accept the fact and chose to forget that part of her memory. The upsetting experience could be another reason. Perhaps, she is too embarrassed to tell you about it, so she pretended that she has forgotten,” the doctor tried to make up excuses for the situation. 
Nonetheless, his words did not sound ridiculous. Generally, these were possible outcomes for women who met such situations. Only this time, Vivian was not one of those women who were sexually abused, so of course, it did not apply to her. Regardless, he could not tell Finnick that. 
“In any case, it is best not to ask the patient about what happened. For a female to go through such humiliation must be very pressurising on her. Whether she forgot about it or pretended to do so, it is a coping mechanism for her. If you force her to recall what happened, it may backfire and even cause her to break down,” he added, afraid that Finnick would see through him.
###Chapter 424
Chapter 424 
As long as he doesn’t ask and his wife doesn’t tell him, everything would turn out fine. I will successfully receive my cash reward for it too. 
“I understand.” Finnick nodded and thanked the doctor, “Thank you.” 
“No problem. In the meantime, take good care of your wife. When you are , you can take her out for a walk to lift her spirits. It is not a bad thing for her to forget about it either. After all, remembering it might haunt her instead.” 
“That is true.” Finnick thanked the doctor again before he left the office. 
Seeing Finnick walk out of the office, the doctor thumped his chest and let out a sigh of relief. He has an abnormally strong aura. No matter how many times I look at him, I still get intimidated by his gaze. 
Luckily, he still seems fooled by me since he is out of sorts and worried for his wife. 
After they left, Noah still felt uneasy about the doctor’s words. He worriedly asked Finnick, “Mr. Norton, is Mrs. Norton’s condition normal? Otherwise, should we look for another doctor to check on her? If anything is wrong…” 
“No need for that,” Finnick stopped him. He did not want another doctor to examine her because of that matter again. On the one hand, he was afraid it might trigger her. On the other hand, he did not want people to gossip about it. 
“Don’t bring this up again. We will pretend that none of that happened,” Finnick ordered. 
“Okay.” As a man himself, he somewhat understood where Finnick was coming from.
“What were you saying about the board of directors earlier?” Finnick recalled what Noah first said when he left the ward. 
“The board of directors are in the meeting room, and they are making a big fuss. They want you to meet them and give them an explanation,” his personal assistant explained. 
Finnick already saw it coming. After such a big incident, the board of directors would not easily let himself off. Therefore, he quickly headed back to the office with Noah. 
Once they entered the building, Finnick could feel the tense aura hanging in the air. 
Everyone in the office seemed startled and were not as professional as before. They were forming groups and gossiping. Especially with his arrival, instead of dispersing, they started whispering more animatedly among themselves. 
“What’s going on?” Frowning, Finnick turned to Noah for an answer. 
“Mr. Norton, the leak in Finnor Group’s customers’ information had been exposed online. Now, the internet and newspapers are all reporting about it, and we could not stop it. I guess everyone in the office heard about it. They must be worried about the company’s situation and are unable to concentrate on their work,” Noah accounted. 
At first, he tried to hide the matter from the employees since it was important to put their minds at ease. Unfortunately, the news spread like wildfire on the internet. Before he could take any measures against it, the employees already found out what happened. 
“The board of directors merely watched the employees react like so and did nothing about it?” Finnick was annoyed. In such a situation, did no one step up to manage it?
Noah helplessly replied, “Well, all of them were arguing in the meeting room, and they would not listen to me. When the employees saw them arguing, they panicked. Rumors about Finnor Group going bankrupt suddenly began to spread, and some are even preparing to transfer companies now.” 
“Nonsense!” Finnick picked up his pace. “These people are tyrants.” 
While waiting for the elevator, he noticed that the employees were staring intensely at him. After some thought, he turned to walk towards them. 
“Mr. Norton, the directors are waiting for you,” Noah quickly reminded, unsure of what his boss was trying to do. 
“Then, let them wait. Meanwhile, can you bring me a microphone?” With that, Finnick headed to the employees’ workspace. 
“Okay.” Noah immediately took the hint and acted accordingly. 
When they saw Finnick walking towards them, the employees stopped talking and fell silent. 
Moving to the centre of the space, Finnick announced, “Everyone, please return to your seats. I want to address the matter.”
###Chapter 425
Chapter 425 
Finnick was still highly respected among his employees. When they heard his request, they obediently returned to their seats. 
At the same time, Noah came back with a microphone. He passed it to Finnick then took a few steps back. 
With the microphone in hand, Finnick’s voice rang through the office. 
“I know that everyone is worried about the company’s future. Here, I can tell all of you that someone purposely sabotaged Finnor Group. With that said, everyone need not be worried. We have found a way to deal with it, but we will need some time. Meanwhile, I hope everyone can put in their best at work. The person behind it hopes that we would falter before he sends the last blow to destroy our company. Please do not be fooled. Let’s come together and get through this together. I will assure you that I will do my best to protect this family we have here in Finnor Group, and I will protect your jobs. Likewise, please continue to work hard.” 
Then, Finnick put down his microphone. No one replied, and he looked around to see dull expressions on everyone’s faces. 
He knew that his words were not enough to dispel everyone’s worries. However, there was nothing else he could do at this point to convince them. 
Suddenly a female’s voice rang from the corner of the room. “Yes, Mr. Norton. We believe you, and we will continue to do our best at work!” Everyone turned to look at the person in surprise. 
At the centre of everyone’s attention, the woman’s face turned red. Despite so, she courageously took a step forward after a short hesitation. “I worked very hard to get into Finnor Group, and the company
did not disappoint me. The employee benefits are great, and the promotion criteria are reasonable as well. As long as you are willing to put in the work, your salary will increase. I believe everyone thinks like me. Since we tried so hard to get into a good company like this, why should we leave then? Besides, everyone is confident of Mr. Norton’s abilities. I believe that under his leadership, we can emerge stronger from this setback.” 
After rambling, the female employee looked around nervously. Colleagues who were usually close to her chimed, “We believe in you, Mr. Norton.” 
“Yes, Mr. Norton. We will do our best.” 
“Mr. Norton, you have my support!” 
Sometimes, words from a peer were more impactful than a leader, and more and more employees begin to respond too. 
“Yes, Mr. Norton, we believe you. Let’s do this together.” 
“Yes, Finnor Group will not crumble that easily!” 
“Alright, all of us should get back to work.” 
“At the very most, we will not get paid for a few months. Despite so, we have been receiving a salary that is higher than the market rate. We will not starve without a month’s worth of salary. “Someone else even added, “Who knows, if we manage to get through this, Mr. Norton may give us a bonus.” 
“Hahaha…” Hearing the colleague’s words, everyone began to laugh. Instantly, the mood in the room lightened.
“Thank you for all your support,” Finnick spoke in the microphone. “I promise that no matter what happens to Finnor Group, I will still pay out your salaries. Now, I have to discuss with the board of directors about the matter. All of you can return to work.” 
Then, Finnick returned the microphone to Noah. He gave a ninety-degree bow before he turned to leave. 
As he walked past the employee who first replied to him, he whispered, “Thank you.” Shyly, she stuttered, “No…problem.” 
He nodded and smiled at the lady, then rushed to the meeting room. 
As soon as he pushed open the meeting room door, Finnick was greeted by a ruckus. When the directors who were arguing saw Finnick’s arrival, they exploded.
###Chapter 426
Chapter 426 
“Finnick, what on earth is going on?” 
“Exactly! Do you know how much our stock price fell within this short frame of time?” 
“If only one or two of the client’s information was leaked, we could close one eye about it. How could all their information be leaked?” 
As Finnick walked to the podium at the front of the meeting room, everyone began to quieten down. After there was silence, he spoke, “First, I want to confess that I was the one who divulged the news. For that, I would like to apologize.” 
Once he finished, the directors began to complain again. 
“Finnick, what is the meaning of that? Are you the only person running the company? That is absurd!” 
Another director stated, “What were you trying to do? If you want to dig your own grave, you can’t pull us down together!” 
“Finnick, you have to give us an explanation.” 
Some also complained, “Do you know that the lawyers’ letters sent to our company are piling up? As the president, how can you do that?” 
Everyone could not hold back their anger and were wagging their fingers at Finnick. Of course, they had their own suspicions about who was responsible for the news, but they did not expect Finnick to be the person behind it.
“I can’t tell everyone the details, but I can assure all of you that I will turn things around. Please give me some time.” Since it was his fault, Finnick could only patiently apologize to the board of directors. 
Although they were enraged, Finnick was still the biggest shareholder of the company. Even if the directors added their shares together, Finnick’s was still more than theirs. Therefore, they could not do anything to him. 
Finnick repeatedly guaranteed and reassured the board of directors through the long and meaningless argument before the people started leaving. 
“These people usually have nothing to say when I give them their bonuses. Now that the company is in trouble, they are making such a big fuss,” Noah fumed after the directors left the room. 
“That is human nature. Besides, it is my fault.” Tiredly, Finnick massaged his temples and closed his eyes, falling into deep thought. 
How can we get through this? 
It was already the next day when Vivian found out about what happened to Finnor Group. As she was too tired in the past two days, she kept drifting back to sleep and did not notice what was happening on the internet. 
Only on the way to the bathroom, she coincidentally overheard two nurses talking about Finnor Group. 
When she heard Finnick’s name being mentioned, Vivian stopped to eavesdrop. 
“How long do you think the Finnor Group can survive?” 
“I guess it won’t be long before they go bankrupt. I have a cousin working there, and I heard that someone leaked their customers’ details. In the past, I was jealous that she could work in such a good
company. Now, I’m afraid she would lose her job,” the other nurse replied. 
“It is such a big company, and it is hard to imagine that they would go down like that. Did you see how the Finnor Group’s stock prices dived over the past two days? Luckily, I sold them early. Otherwise…” 
Vivian could not hear them anymore as they walked further away. However, the news she heard was enough to give her a shock. What is going on at Finnick’s company? 
Hurriedly, Vivian returned to her ward and started to search about Finnor Group on the internet. 
She saw titles like ‘Trust in Finnor Group is faltering’, ‘How can Finnor Group avoid going into bankruptcy?’, ‘Finnick denies that Finnor Group is going bankrupt’, ‘Finnor Group has entered talks of bankruptcy’… 
Looking at the headlines about Finnor Group on various social media platforms, Vivian widened her mouth in disbelief. How did things turn out like this? 
Picking a random article, Vivian read through the contents. 
As previously announced, there was leaked information about Finnor Group’s clients. It put the company in an unprecedented crisis where their clients are starting to question their trust. Today, we interviewed a director from Finnor Group. According to him…
###Chapter 427
Chapter 427 
“How did the information get leaked?” Vivian mindlessly muttered after she finished the article. She ever wrote such news, so she knew how much such incidents could impact a company. Besides, there was a leakage of all their clients’ details. 
Isn’t such information prioritised as the top-secret? How can Finnick be so careless? 
Vivian continued to scroll, reading the netizens comments. 
Finnor Group is unreliable now. After all, they failed to protect their customers’ details. What kind of defence system do they even have in place? How infuriating! 
What? I’m going crazy. The sudden news caused their stock prices to hit rock bottom. I can’t even sell them now. I want to demand compensation! 
Out of all the other companies, this is the first time I heard a leakage of all the clients’ information. I would like to concede to Finnor Group. 
Look at Finnick, who insists that everything is alright. If it is, you should put measures in place for the investors. What the hell are you doing? 
It was difficult for me to cooperate with Finnor Group. At first, we thought we could profit from it. Now, I want compensation, but who should I go to? 
The more Vivian read, the more disappointed she was when she realized that majority of the comments were negative. Most were criticizing Finnor Group for being untrustworthy, and none stood out to support the company.
She grew worried for Finnick. Given such a situation, he must be busy trying to salvage it. Yet, why did he not tell her about it? This can’t do. I have to look for him. 
Having made up her mind, Vivian quickly changed out of her hospital gown and ran out of the ward with her hospital slippers. She did not make it far when she accidentally knocked into a person as she turned the corner. 
“I’m so sorry!” Vivian repeatedly apologized, then she ran off without taking a good look at who he was. 
Unexpectedly, the man grabbed her wrist and sternly chided, “Where are you heading to?” 
Hearing that familiar voice, Vivian snapped around immediately. 
“Finnick!” 
Looking at Vivian’s anxious expression, Finnick unhappily commented, “You have not fully recovered, so how could you run out of the hospital like that? What happens if your wound reopens?” 
At that time, Vivian could not care less about that. She grabbed Finnick and directly interrogated him, “Finnick, what happened to the company? Why is there a leak in the customers’ accounts?” 
Instantly, Finnick’s face fell when he heard Vivian mention the company. “You have heard about it.” 
“Yes. Why didn’t you tell me about it? I was in horror when I read about it earlier. How did that happen?” Vivian wanted to hear the whole story from Finnick. 
Ignoring her question, Finnick helped her to her ward. “You should rest instead of worrying about such things.” 
“How can I not worry about it? It is your company, of course…”
“Listen to me!” Finnick scolded. 
Vivian did not rebut and obediently followed him to her ward, seeing the fierce expression on his face. Occasionally, she would cast worried looks in his direction. 
After Finnick helped her to the bed, he pulled the blanket over her body. “Have a good rest.” 
“Finnick, I…” Vivian wanted to go on about Finnor Group but was afraid to anger Finnick. Momentarily, she was unsure of whether to ask more about it. 
Finnick could see the concern in Vivian’s eyes, and he knew that it was not a good idea to keep things from her. Therefore, he made up an explanation, “There were loopholes in Finnor Group’s network. Therefore, hackers got to it, causing the leakage.” 
He did not want Vivian to know the truth behind it. If she found out, she would be haunted by guilt though nothing can be changed at that point. 
Besides, he did not want her to recall what happened. Perhaps, the doctor was right that her memory loss was for the better.
###Chapter 428
Chapter 428 
Vivian accepted Finnick’s explanation without a trace of doubt in her expression. 
Taking his hands into hers, Vivian realized that she did not know what to say or how she could comfort him. She could only grip his hands firmly, hoping that it would give him some strength to pull through it. 
Having figured what Vivian was doing, Finnick tapped her hand. “It’s alright. I will sort it out, and you don’t have to worry. Right now, your health should be your utmost priority.” 
A wave of emotions surged through Vivian’s veins, hearing Finnick’s words of concern. Feeling touched and hurt for him, she got up to hug him and whispered, “Of course. Everything will turn out fine.” 
“Yes, it will.” Finnick returned her hug. 
In the past two days, he had been out and about, trying to settle the dispute among his clients. He also had to fork out the time to meet with the reporters, and it was physically and mentally draining, to say the least. Being in Vivian’s arms made his stress melt away in an instant. 
For a long time, the two of them stayed in the same position. At some point, Vivian realised that Finnick was putting more weight on her, as though he was about to crush her. 
“Finnick,” she softly called out when she could not hold him up any longer. However, there was no response. 
“Finnick?” There was no response again. Raising her head to look in Finnick’s direction, Vivian was amused to see the man sleeping. 
Cautiously, Vivian leaned back and allowed Finnick to lay on the bed. After she covered him with a blanket, she caressed his face with her heart aching for him. Looking at how he was fast asleep, he
was probably tired out from the past two days. 
Afraid that she would wake him up, Vivian retracted her hand and quietly stayed beside him. 
On the other hand, Evelyn and Mark were meeting at a hidden restaurant. 
“Hmph, you gave me your promise at that time, but looking at how things turned out, it seems like you aren’t that reliable after all. Vivian still managed to escape,” Mark mockingly stated. 
Evelyn paid no attention to his sarcasm and responded, “Even if so, haven’t you achieved your goal?” 
“Well, who knew that Finnick and Vivian’s relationship was that strong? I can’t believe that he was willing to do that for her. I don’t think you stand a chance anymore.” This time, Mark was not deliberately making fun of her. 
As a man, he knew how much a career would mean to Finnick. If he was willing to sacrifice that for her, there was no way he would abandon her for Evelyn. 
“Is that right? Mr. Norton, I think it’s still too early to say that.” Lifting her glass of water, Evelyn took a sip from it. 
Her indifferent expression made Mark curious. “Do you happen to have another plan in mind?” 
Setting the glass back on the table, Evelyn slowly uttered, “It doesn’t matter whether Vivian was truly molested as long as Finnick believes that it is true.” 
“You have a plan to make him believe it?” Mark pressed on. 
“Of course.” She let out a light chuckle. With her eyes filled with menace, she continued, “I told Finnick that my brother and I saved her. Furthermore, I also said that when we arrived, she was already touched by the men.”
“He believed you?” Mark was somewhat surprised. Vivian was not stupid and would tell her husband if that was not true. Would Finnick still misunderstand the situation then? 
“I spent some money to bribe a doctor and settled it,” Evelyn proudly announced. “Having been through a traumatic experience, she had selective memory loss. Mr. Norton, what do you think about this reason?” 
Impressed, Mark looked at Evelyn, surprised that she had so many tricks up her sleeves. 
“As long as there is a thorn in Finnick’s heart, the gap between them will only grow. When the time comes, no matter what I do, Finnick would willingly pull himself away from her,” Evelyn predicted. 
Mark nodded, listening to what Evelyn said. Inwardly, he was giving her a big thumbs up for the idea. She is brilliant and can turn the false into the truth. I can’t believe she even tricked a clever man like Finnick. It looks like I should be careful when I work with her in the future.
###Chapter 429
Chapter 429 
“Mr. Norton, you look like you are in a good mood. It must be because something good happened to you. The fall in Finnor Group’s share price must be good news to you,” Evelyn pointed out. 
“Of course, it is wonderful news to me.” At the mention of it, Mark could not help but smile. “However, I have greater plans than that.” 
“Oh?” Evelyn was interested to hear what Mark meant by that. “What are you planning to do next?” 
“You’ll find out.” Mark clearly did not want to divulge it to Evelyn. 
“You cunning man,” Evelyn silently spats. It doesn’t matter anyway. As long as he can help me, I will let him do whatever he wants to. 
“There is something that I still can’t seem to figure,” Mark mentioned while looking in Evelyn’s direction. 
“What is it?” 
“Based on your logic, you must still have feelings for Finnick. If so, why are you helping me to go against him? When his company collapses, won’t you feel bad for him?” Mark questioned. 
“Why would I feel bad about his company?” With disdain, Evelyn continued, “I only want Finnick. As long as I can take him away from Vivian, his company’s plight doesn’t matter.” 
Mark was shocked to hear how cruel she was. How is that considered love for Finnick? It seems like she is only jealous that he has someone else he loves by his side now. Therefore, she wants to get him back.
After discussing their next plan, they fell into a moment of silence, each with their secret agendas. Soon after, they went their separate ways. 
Fully recovered from a week of staying in the hospital, Vivan could finally get discharged. 
As Finnick had an important meeting, he ordered Noah to take Vivian home instead. 
That night, Finnick returned home past midnight. When he opened the bedroom door, he found Vivian fast asleep. 
Quietly, he took out his clothes and walked to the bedside. Then, he slowly lifted the blanket to lie down but unintentionally woke Vivian up instead. 
“You’re back,” Vivian groggily stated while rubbing her eyes. When he did not return home by eleven, she thought he had to stay in the office all night to work. 
“Yes. I’m sorry to wake you up,” Finnick apologized, gently caressing Vivian’s face. 
Seeing the apologetic expression on his face and the tiredness in his eyes, a surge of sadness and love ran through Vivian’s body. 
She wrapped her arms around Finnick’s neck and took the initiative to kiss him. 
Finnick was momentarily stunned but then reacted by hugging Vivian’s waist and deepening the kiss. 
Previously, Vivian was in a cold war with him before she landed up in the hospital. It had been long since they shared a passionate kiss. 
Aroused by Vivian, Finnick’s hand slowly reached under her pyjamas, and his cool touch made her shiver.
“Finnick…” She could not help but yelp. 
Hearing that, Finnick suddenly stopped and turned to look at Vivian. However, Vivian could not understand the look in his eyes. 
“I’m sorry, I forgot that you just got out of the hospital,” Finnick apologized after a moment of silence. 
“Oh? No, I…” Vivian wanted to say she was fine but was embarrassed, and she ended up stopping her sentence midway. 
“I need to take a shower. You should go to sleep first.” Finnick went to the bathroom after patting Vivian’s head. 
In bed, Vivian was puzzled. It ended like that? After his shower, Finnick only hugged Vivian to sleep and did nothing else. 
In the next few days, Vivian sensed that there was something different about Finnick. Although he was warm to her, they were not as intimate as before. Sometimes she would drop obvious hints, but he would not go along with it.
###Chapter 430
Chapter 430 
Seeing how Finnick reacted, Vivian’s emotions were in a complete mess. She was confused, while waves of sorrow washed over her as she felt wronged. Could it be that… Finnick’s tired of me? 
No. That’s not it! 
Vivian consoled herself as she believed in the man. Maybe he’s worried about my well-being since I was just discharged. 
Finnick went to work early in the morning, while Vivian was reluctant to get up as she lay on the bed. In fact, she had trouble falling asleep these days. 
Staring blankly into space, she didn’t move and lay there for about an hour. Then, she got up and took her laptop. 
Opening her internet browser, she wasn’t sure what to search for. It was her first time seeking help from the internet about her relationship, so she was embarrassed. She felt warm and quickly fanned her face. 
Heaving two breaths, Vivian typed: Why is my husband cold to me? 
After that, she clenched her teeth and quickly pressed the Enter key. 
She had never searched for these types of questions on the internet before, so she was surprised to see a bunch of interesting yet unique comments popping out. 
He’s tired of you, as you’ve aged. 
Be wary of him having mistresses. He may be cheating on you.
Look at yourself in the mirror before asking. 
Reading the netizens’ answers, Vivian compared them with her situation. Soon, she reached the bottom of the page. After reading the last comment, she felt frustrated and closed her laptop. What are all these? None of them explains our situation. 
After pondering for a while, she opened her laptop again and key-in a new sentence in the search bar: How do I attract my husband? 
Fortunately, the answers this time weren’t as absurd. Instead, they made Vivian blush as she learnt about the tricks and tips from the comments. I see. So everyone’s like this at home. 
In the end, Vivian heeded the suggestion of a netizen: Buy sexy lingerie to attract his attention. 
She tried to imagine herself seducing Finnick, but she couldn’t picture it in her mind no matter what. 
Vivian wasn’t bold enough to buy lingerie in a shop, so she ordered one online. Under the customer service’s enthusiastic recommendation, she bought the best seller from the shop. 
After telling the customer service her height and weight, the customer service replied to her: You have such a nice body. Your husband won’t hold back after seeing you in our lingerie. 
An image surfaced in Vivian’s mind immediately as she read the reply. Feeling embarrassed, she didn’t reply and quickly made the payment before exiting the page. 
After she was done with everything, Vivian was drenched in sweat as she was nervous, so she went for a bath. 
In midst of apprehension, her parcel finally arrived.
Opening the parcel, she was shocked. It’s so revealing! Is there any difference between wearing this and being naked? 
During dinner, Finnick noticed something was amiss. Vivian’s gaze was fixed on her food while she stayed silent all the time, and she didn’t even spare him a glance. It was as if she was avoiding him. 
“Vivian, are you upset today?” Finnick was worried about her acting strange. 
“Oh?” Vivian was surprised as she lifted her head to look at him and hurriedly replied, “No, not at all. I’m not upset or anything.” 
“That’s good.” The man continued eating his food. 
“Yeah.” After replying to her husband briefly, Vivian lowered her head and focused on eating her food. 
Looking at Vivian, Finnick was confused, as the woman seemed like she was always in a daze, but he didn’t drag on the matter any further. 
After showering, Vivian stared at the lingerie she bought and couldn’t make up her mind if she should wear it. However, thinking about her aim, she gritted her teeth and changed into it. 
Looking at herself in the mirror, Vivian felt embarrassed, but she was satisfied with how it turned out. 
Taking a few deep breaths, Vivian mustered her courage and exited the washroom. Then, she ran into the washroom almost instantly. “I can’t do this. How do I face Finnick wearing this?” Covering her flushed face, Vivian’s courage melted away.
###Chapter 431
Chapter 431 
“It’s fine! Go for it, Vivian! You can do this!” Pulling open the washroom door, Vivian encouraged herself in her heart. 
When she went to the bedroom, Finnick had done washing up and was reading through the documents on the bed, totally oblivious to Vivian’s presence in the room. 
Seeing that Finnick wasn’t looking at her, Vivian wanted to flee, but she halted in her tracks when she thought of what she had done to get to this. With her cheeks turning red, she forced herself to ask, “Finnick, d-do you want some water?” 
“Yes. Thank you.” Finnick replied without lifting his head to look at her. 
Vivian heaved a sigh and took a glass. Glancing back as she walked to the water dispenser, Finnick’s gaze was still glued to the documents. She hesitated for a while and turned around. “Do you want it warm or cold?” 
Upon hearing that, Finnick furrowed his brows slightly. Isn’t this obvious? I’ve always preferred warm water. There’s no way she wouldn’t know since we’ve been living together for such a long time. Plus, she has never asked me about this before. 
Puzzled by her question, Finnick finally raised his head to look at her. 
Upon seeing her in that revealing lingerie, Finnick was lost in a daze, and a burning passion rose within him as his eyes gleamed. 
After staring at the woman without saying a word, he answered, “Warm.” His hoarse and rich tone was bewitching. Vivian felt her body burning up from Finnick’s stares and his voice.
“Alright.” Her voice trembled as she walked toward the man slowly. 
The revealing lingerie Vivian wore was ethereal on her, showing her perfect body. The tight-fitting design only accentuated her curves, while her fair legs were partially visible under the light material. Looking at the sexy woman walking toward him, Finnick felt his throat went dry and was sweating profusely. 
“Here.” Vivian handed the glass to Finnick when she was at the bedside. Lowering her head, she averted her gaze, as she was way too shy to look at the man in his eyes. 
Finnick didn’t take the glass over and only stare at her. 
Placing the glass aside, the woman gulped as she was nervous, while Finnick’s burning gaze fixated on her body. In Finnick’s eyes, she only appeared more enchanting. Pulling her into his arms, he pinned her down on the bed and kissed her lips. 
The beautiful sight in front of him and the smooth touch of her body made him lose all control, and he was both impatient and passionate with his movements. 
Instead of being embarrassed, Vivian responded to him passionately, while she felt happy in her heart. It seems I was wrong for jumping to conclusion. 
Wrapping her arms around Finnick’s back, she hugged the man she loved tightly, reluctant to let him go. 
Finnick raised his head to look at her. The few strands of hair drenched from sweat were hanging loosely on his face. And this only made him look wild and manly. 
“Finnick…” Vivian’s heart fluttered while his name escaped her mouth uncontrollably.
Tempted by the woman’s alluring appearance below him, he scattered his kisses downward from her mouth to her neck. Nibbling on her neck, he left a few hickeys to mark her as his woman. 
Suddenly, Finnick’s movement came to a halt as he saw the scar below her collarbone. 
Although Vivian’s injuries had recovered, scars were left on her body. Seeing this, the image of her clothes being torn away by the four men surfaced in his mind. 
The heat on his body quickly faded away as a flurry of coldness gushed over him while Vivian’s pleas for help resounded in his ears. “Save me… Finnick, please!” 
“Finnick, what’s wrong?” Noticing Finnick’s tense expression and cold eyes, Vivian was confused. 
The woman’s voice pulled him out of his daze. With her misty gazes, her body was rosy, and she looked enchanting. However, the man didn’t feel like continuing. 
Guilt and remorse flashed across his eyes as he flipped over and took her into his arms. After adjusting the blanket, he patted Vivian’s back gently and said, “Let’s sleep. I’m tired today.”
###Chapter 432
Chapter 432 
How can that happen? She felt it for sure. Finnick wanted to do it. Looking at Finnick shutting his eyes, Vivian wanted to ask him, but she wasn’t bold enough to do so. 
She leaned on the man’s chest while her eyes reddened with tears. I’ve taken the initiative, but why? Does he really not want to sleep with me? 
A man was nice to a woman if he didn’t overstep the boundaries, but how about a husband behaving this way toward his wife? 
Maybe Finnick was tired just like how he said as he soon drifted off to sleep. 
Breaking from his embrace gently, Vivian turned her back on him while her tears streamed down her cheeks. 
In her mind, she told herself over and over again. Finnick still loves me. He’s not an unfaithful person. Maybe he’s just tired from work. However, no matter how hard she tried to convince herself, she failed, as she felt hurt inside. Biting her lip, tears kept on rolling down, wetting her pillow. 
She had trouble putting away her sorrow and getting any sleep, so she woke up at daybreak. After washing up, she slapped herself across the face to pull herself together. 
When she returned to the bedroom, Finnick was still sound asleep. Resisting the urge to cry, Vivian turned around and went to the kitchen downstairs. 
No matter what… Let’s prepare breakfast for him. He has to go to work, anyway. 
When Finnick woke up, he was alone on the bed. Recalling about what happened last night, a sharp pain rose in his heart.
I know… What I did may have hurt her. She has been hinting at me. Not to mention, she even wore the lingerie I’ve never seen her wear before last night. 
However, I can’t bring myself to continue after remembering the video Mark showed me. I must admit that it has traumatized me deeply. Shaking his head, he shook off those images from his mind and went to the washroom. 
By the time Finnick went downstairs, his breakfast was served on the table. 
“You’re up,” Vivian greeted him indifferently. 
“Yeah.” Finnick didn’t know what else to say when he saw the woman was busy in the kitchen with her back facing him. 
“Let’s eat.” After placing the cutlery on the table, Vivian sat down and ate her food without saying a word. Upon seeing that, Finnick could only follow her and sat at the table. 
Both of them couldn’t let go of what happened last night. Silence ensued as they continued eating their food, and awkwardness filled the air. 
Beep! Beep! 
Suddenly, Finnick’s phone rang. Taking over his phone, it was an incoming call from Samuel. 
“Hello, Grandpa. What’s the matter?” Finnick hurriedly answered the call, as he suspected something must be up, or else his grandfather would not call him early in the morning. 
“Finnick, why are the clients’ information leaked?” Samuel sounded anxious. 
“Grandpa, I…” Finnick didn’t know how to explain it to him.
The old man urged, “Forget it. Come to the Norton Corporation now. We’re going to hold an emergency meeting with the board of directors. I’ll tell you about the details after you arrive.” 
“Okay. I understand, grandpa. I’ll be there in a minute.” Listening to Samuel’s anxious tone, Finnick knew something big was up, and Mark must be the one behind all this. 
After hanging up, Finnick turned to Vivian and said in a rushed tone, “Grandpa asks me to go to the Norton Corporation for a meeting now, so eat first. I’ll be off now.” 
“Okay,” Vivian replied briefly, and didn’t lift her head, nor did she inquire any further. 
Looking at the gloomy woman, Finnick knew she was mad about last night, but he didn’t know how to explain it to her. He couldn’t possibly tell her the truth, as he didn’t want her to recall those painful memories.
###Chapter 433
Chapter 433 
innick could only remind Vivian to rest at home, while the latter only nodded in response. She was indifferent. 
Seeing her response, Finnick sighed in his mind before leaving the house and rushing to the Norton Corporation. 
The woman turned to look at his back and the food on the table. Lifting her head, she stared blankly at the ceiling and blinked twice before finishing up her food. She found it hard to enjoy the dishes, as they were bland and tasteless. 
Meanwhile, Finnick finally arrived at the Norton Corporation. As expected, Mark had gathered the board of directors in the meeting room. 
Seeing his arrival, Mark scoffed silently in his mind. Finnick, I’ll take all your shares of the Norton Corporation this time. 
Samuel looked at Finnick with a worried expression, and he felt like saying something. However, Finnick glanced at him, assuring him it would be fine. 
Sitting down in his seat, Finnick said nothing and waited for them to bombard him with questions. 
On the way to the company, Finnick had figured everything out. Mark won’t let go of this opportunity to go after my shares. 
Isn’t this why Mark kidnapped Vivian? To get the shares of the Norton Corporation. Finnick smiled coldly when he thought about it. If he thinks he can beat me so easily, he’s terribly mistaken.
Soon, Mark finally spoke, “Alright. Since everyone’s here, let us discuss the main issues of the meeting today.” 
With that, he looked at Finnick with delight and a smug on his face. “Finnick, I bet you know why we’re having this meeting right now.” 
Everyone looked in the direction Mark was looking and saw Finnick crossed his fingers after placing his arms on the table. He was wearing a calm expression as he said, “I’m eager to hear more.” 
Humph! How persistent! Mark’s gaze grew hostile, and he spoke, “I bet everyone had heard about how Finnor Group has leaked the clients’ information.” 
Upon hearing this, the room was filled with chatters and discussion. Some time ago, the matter spread like wildfire and caused uproars in the city. Who wouldn’t know about this? All of a sudden, Finnick became the center of attention in the room. 
Satisfied with their reaction, Mark continued to ask, “I would like to ask you a question, Finnick. How are we supposed to trust you, given how you have even leaked the clients’ information?” 
“So?” Folding his arms, Finnick leaned on his chair and asked in return. 
Seeing his reaction, one of the directors, who had always supported Mark, stood up and slammed the table. He pointed at Finnick and scolded, “Finnick, you can’t even handle your own company well. What rights do you have to manage the Norton Corporation? I suggest you hand over your shares.” 
Nice! Mark was delighted with what the director said. As expected from someone I promoted. He knows what I wanted. 
All he needed was someone to voice his opinion first. Growing restless, everyone joined it and stood against Finnick.
“That’s right! Finnick, how do we trust you now?” 
“Who knows if the confidential information of the Norton Corporation will be leaked one day?” 
“I think you should hand over your shares, Finnick.” 
“We support Mark to take charge of the Norton Corporation.” 
Actually, Mark had bribed the directors into supporting him, promising them some benefits and what not. This was why everyone was siding with him and crusading against Finnick in unison. 
Although Samuel was angry with the directors for going against Finnick, he didn’t do anything as what they said made sense. Finnick had made mistakes, so losing their trust was expected. 
Seeing how everyone was demanding him to hand over his shares, anger flashed across Finnick’s eyes while he wore a grim expression. Mark must be the one orchestrating the show. There’s none other than him who will benefit from this.
###Chapter 434
Chapter 434 
It seems you’ve put in a lot of effort to convince every director to oppose me. Very well. But Mark, you’ll be disappointed with how it turns out in the end. Finnick thought about it and smirked. 
After the noise died down, Finnick looked at them and scoffed, “So you guys are saying that whoever made mistakes should not hold the shares of the Norton Corporation?” 
“Of course.” Hearing what Finnick said, Mark immediately added, “Every one of us will suffer if such a deadly problem arises in the company’s management. You’ve made a grave mistake, so how are we supposed to leave the Norton Corporation to you?” 
“Right. We will never agree to that.” 
“We hereby disagree with Finnick to hold a majority of the shares.” 
“Mr. Norton’s right. Operation is a big problem, so we have to let someone else take charge of the Norton Corporation.” 
Everyone supported Mark’s statement. 
Finnick smirked and stared at Mark mockingly. A foreboding feeling suddenly rose within the latter when he noticed Finnick’s expression. 
“If that’s how it is…” Finnick took his phone and tossed it on the table before continuing his sentence, “Please take a look at the latest news.” 
What does he mean? The latest news? Everyone was confused by Finnick’s actions and the words he said.
His phone slid across the table and stopped in front of one of the directors. Driven by curiosity, he looked at the screen, and his expression changed immediately. “How can this be?” 
Seeing how he reacted, everyone was curious about what he saw. 
“What’s wrong?” Mark asked with an uneasy look plastered on his face. He finally got the chance to get rid of Finnick so he couldn’t afford any mishap on his account. 
“Mr. Mark, please look at this.” The director got up and walked toward Mark before handing him the phone. 
Looking at the screen, Mark’s expression turned solemn. 
Everyone took out their phones and searched for the latest news about Norton Corporation. When they saw the results, their expression darkened. 
The search results were news headlines about the excessive additives in the food products of the companies under Norton Corporation, and the consumers were demanding an explanation from Norton Corporation. The food products were deemed to be a threat to health, so a thorough investigation would be carried out. 
Pressing the link of the news with a stern expression, everyone finally knew what happened. Turned out, the food companies under Mark’s management had been exposed to adding excessive food additives into their food products. 
A few influential media had published the news on their page, and the Norton Corporation had become the hot topic while their reputation was destroyed. 
The consumers were repulsed by this matter, so they were verbally attacking the Norton Corporation on the internet without restraint.
Do they not care about our health? Who should be responsible for the mismanagement? I think they should be charged with murder. 
Punish them until they go bankrupt! Let’s see if they dare to do something as heartless as this again! 
What is the authority doing? Will the laws in our country ensure the rightful punishment? We need food safety! 
I hope the Norton Corporation will handle this properly. Compensation should be given to those victims, while those responsible for this should be punished. 
Reading the negative comments, Mark and the directors in the room were flustered. It was a fact that it would be difficult to earn the consumers’ trust once they had doubts about the food safety of their products. 
If this matter wasn’t solved, not only would those food companies under Mark’s management shut down, but it would also destroy Norton Corporation’s reputation. 
“Is everybody clear now?” Finnick scanned the room. Hearing his words, everyone exchanged glances, as they didn’t know what to do, and they had lost the motivation to confront Finnick.
###Chapter 435
Chapter 435 
Finnick snorted in his heart when silence ensued in the room as everyone had a solemn expression plastered on their faces. Why aren’t you guys saying anything now? Weren’t you guys so much into confronting me just now? 
He turned to look at Mark and said, “How are you going to explain this to everyone here?” 
Glaring at Finnick with hostility, Mark was rendered speechless, as he didn’t see this coming. The matter was exposed so suddenly that he had no time to come up with an explanation. 
Sensing something was amiss, Samuel took the phone from the director beside him and looked at the context. 
Infuriated, he slammed the table. “Mark, what the hell’s going on? I’ve reminded you, again and again, to be extra careful with food safety. Looks like you’ve been ignoring my words.” 
“Grandpa, I remembered everything you said, and I only knew about this just now.” He hurriedly got up and explained, “I’ll look into it now. They kept me in the dark and did as they please.” 
“There’s no use in doing that now. It’s already on the news!” Elder Mr. Norton’s face turned red from anger as he lashed out at Mark. 
The latter was embarrassed, as he was reprimanded in front of so many people. However, he could only choose his words carefully not to anger his grandfather any further. “Yes, grandpa. Don’t worry. I’ll settle everything.” 
Right at that moment, Finnick saw Mark’s assistant hovering anxiously outside the meeting room and scrutinizing the situation in the room now and then.
Finnick scoffed in his heart and said, “Come in.” 
The assistant knew that going into the room now would only make things worse, but he couldn’t afford to show any disrespect to Finnick, so he could only enter the room. 
When he was about to whisper in Mark’s ear, Samuel was enraged at the sight of this and he snapped, “Why? What is there to keep as a secret from me?” 
“That’s not it, Mr. Norton. Its… Its…” The assistant was scared out of his wits that he started stuttering on his words. After glancing at Mark, he steeled himself and said, “Mr. Cole, who is in charge of Pristine Food has requested to meet with Mr. Mark, saying that he had some matters to report.” 
Samuel pointed at Mark and scolded, “Humph! Look at what you’ve done! Ask him to come in now.” 
“Yes,” the assistant hurriedly left the meeting room after he received the orders from Samuel. 
Soon, a bald, potbellied middle-aged man walked into the room. His voice sounded across the room before they could see him. “Oh no! Mr. Norton, you’ll have to…” 
When he saw everyone in the room, he immediately paused. 
Holy… Why are there so many directors here? Even the chairman is here! Could it be that they know that the company I’m in charge of is under investigation? Are they here to confront me? 
Sweat broke out from the man’s forehead at the thought of this. It seems like I am losing my job soon. 
“Tell me what exactly happened,” Samuel shouted. 
Hearing the chairman’s words, the man shivered in fear as he replied, “Mr. Norton, the officers from the Food Security Bureau were at the factory. They asked us to stop operating and cooperate with the investigation. I have no choice, but to…”
Mark’s expression turned unsightly as he glared at the man. 
How incompetent! Why are you here now? You’re just adding fuel to the flame! 
The bald man’s legs started trembling as he was terrified by Mark’s glare. I’m doomed! This will be the end of me. 
“You guys only give me trouble!” Samuel was so angry that he couldn’t hold back his fury. “What are you waiting for? Settle it now!” 
“Yes, grandpa.” With that, Mark walked out of the room with a dark expression. 
“Wait.” Seeing that Mark was about to leave, Finnick said, “Mark, didn’t you say whoever that blundered will lose the rights to hold the shares of the Norton Corporation? Given how things are now, shouldn’t you hand over your shares?”
###Chapter 436
Chapter 436 
“Finnick! You…” Mark pointed at Finnick in anger, but he couldn’t say anything to refute him. If I don’t let him go now, I’ll be dragged down too. 
Recalling the words he said just now, Mark was so embarrassed that his face started heating up while his hatred against Finnick deepened. 
There’s no way this is a coincidence. I’ve just gathered the directors to confront him, and then those news were exposed to my disadvantage. Finnick must be behind this. 
However, no matter how unwilling he was, he could only let Finnick go. 
“That’s enough!” Samuel growled, “Is this really a time to argue? We need to stop the news immediately.” 
“I understand, grandpa. I’ll work on it now.” After glaring at Finnick in hatred, Mark left the room quickly. 
Watching Mark leaving the room, the directors had lost their main pillar so they couldn’t gang up on Finnick now. 
Recalling how they were picking on the latter, their heart started racing. 
“Meeting dismissed! Leave now.” Samuel waved his hand dismissively at the directors. 
Heaving a sigh of relief, they quickly back out from the meeting room. 
“Grandpa, if there’s nothing else, I’ll take my leave, as there are many matters to settle at the company.” Looking at the empty room, Finnick bade goodbye to his grandfather.
However, Samuel stopped him from leaving. “Wait. Don’t leave first. I have some matters to discuss with you.” 
“Okay.” Finnick was confused, as he couldn’t guess what Samuel was about to tell him. Noah was waiting outside the meeting room. Finnick called out to him and went to Samuel’s office with him. 
Sitting on the couch, Finnick asked, “Grandpa, is anything the matter?” 
“I heard Vivian was kidnapped recently. What happened? How is she now?” Samuel’s expression was serious as he looked at his grandson. 
Upon hearing his words, Finnick’s expression turned grim. After pausing for a moment, he said, “Don’t worry, grandpa. Vivian’s fine now.” 
“Who’s the culprit?” Samuel gritted his teeth. Who dares to kidnap my granddaughter-in-law? Are you disregarding the Norton family? 
Finnick didn’t answer his question. Instead, he pursed his lips as his eyes flickered with hatred. 
Finnick grew up with Samuel, so the latter knew his grandson had found out about the culprit’s identity by seeing his expression. 
“Who is it?” Samuel’s anger was written all over his face. I’ll make that person suffer! 
“It’s fine, grandpa. Vivian’s back home, and that’s all that matters.” Finnick didn’t wish to tell Samuel that Mark was the one behind Vivian’s kidnap. The latter was old, so he didn’t want him to be concerned about the fight between them. 
Realizing how Finnick didn’t want to tell him the culprit’s identity, Samuel confirmed the one behind this wasn’t someone common, and perhaps it was someone he knew.
“Who is it?” Samuel furrowed his brows as he stared at Finnick, while the latter only kept quiet. 
“Fine!” Samuel turned to look at Noah, who was standing at the side and commanded, “Noah, you looked into this matter, right? Now, tell me.” 
The assistant looked at Finnick for help. He was put in a tight spot. 
Samuel folded his arms and said, “Why? Are you disregarding me?” 
“That’s not it, elder Mr. Norton. I… I…” Noah panicked, as he wasn’t sure if he should spill the truth. 
Samuel insisted, “Then, tell me what happened!” 
Glancing at Finnick, Noah couldn’t endure Samuel’s overbearing pressure any longer and he blurted, “Mr. Mark was the one who kidnapped Mrs. Norton.” 
“What?” Samuel jumped from his seat and widened his eyes in shock. “You’re saying that Mark kidnapped Vivian?” 
“Yes.” Wearing a grim expression, Noah nodded and continued, “Plus, he threatened Mr. Norton to expose the clients’ information of every company under the Finnor Group.”
###Chapter 437
Chapter 437 
“He did this, didn’t he?” The elder Mr. Norton angrily hurled a teacup away, fuming. “That rebellious little sh*t of a son! He had the audacity to even demand that you hand over the shares? Of course, nobody could refuse!” 
“Calm down, Grandpa. It’s bad for your health.” Seeing that elder Mr. Norton was furious, Finnick hurriedly moved to help the old man sit down. 
“And you! Why didn’t you say anything earlier? If I hadn’t forced this out of Noah, for how long were you planning on keeping this from me? Is that idiot even worth defending?” Finnick sighed inwardly. He was not expecting to be yelled at in turn. 
“Grandpa, I’m not protecting him. I…” 
Finnick trailed off with an embarrassed look on his face. The gesture made the elder Mr. Norton realize that the incident was no mere kidnapping. “What else are you hiding from me?” 
“Well, I…” Finnick stopped, unsure of how to explain the situation. He then recalled the video clip he saw the other day, which made a wave of fiery anger burn in his veins. 
“Noah, explain!” 
“This has to do with Mrs. Norton. I’m afraid I’m not really in a position to say.” 
The elder Mr. Norton could not fathom why they were both so reluctant to speak. “What’s so hard? Are you saying that kidnapping Vivian aside, Mark did other things to her?” 
No sooner had the remark been said when elder Mr. Norton noticed that Finnick and Noah looked even more uncomfortable. Was I right after all? Mark had actually laid a hand on Vivian?
With a sudden burst of rage, the elder Mr. Norton got up and kicked the coffee table in front of him, sending all the exquisite tableware onto the ground in a loud shatter. The cups broke into tinier pieces that reflected the sunlight that came through the window. 
“That beast! Vivian is his sister-in-law, so how can he even do such a thing?” 
“No, Sir, it’s not what you think!” Noah hurriedly interjected for fear of deepening the misunderstanding. “He had contracted the help of four beggars, and they…” 
“Alright, that’s enough!” The old man could really not bear to hear the rest of the sordid details from Noah’s own mouth. Instead, he gripped the handles of his seat so tightly that the veins popped quite visibly against his hands. 
When he tried to get up again, the adrenaline in the elder Mr. Norton surged so much that he staggered two steps backward and almost fell. Fortunately, a quick-thinking and nimble Noah was there to catch him. The elderly man was promptly led to the sofa to rest. 
“To think he’d actually do something like this, that little piece of sh*t.” The elderly Mr. Norton barely had the strength to swear. All he could do was mutter weakly as his tired body remained motionless on the sofa. 
Meanwhile, Finnick was seated on the other end of the sofa with a grim expression on his face. He fiddled with the buttons on his sleeves restlessly before moving onto the cushions. It took a while for him to realize that he had accidentally clawed through the fabric. Immediately, cotton spilled out into his hands, and he flicked it aside in annoyance. 
Silence fell in the office that moment. 
Back in the villa, Vivan was lounging in the living room after breakfast. The tv was on, but she was barely paying attention. All she could think of was what happened last night.
The very idea that Finnick no longer liked her filled her with distress. 
Just then, her thoughts were disturbed by the cheerful sound of her ringtone. Before she picked up, Vivian noticed that it was the hospital where Rachel was admitted to. Fearing that something had happened, Vivian hurriedly answered the call. 
“Good morning. Are you Rachel William’s next of kin?” There was a solemnness to the doctor’s tone of voice that made her scalp prickle with unease. 
“Yes, I am her daughter.” 
“Please come to the hospital right now. It concerns your mother, and it’s best-explained face to face.” 
“Doctor, what’s wrong with my mother?” The news made it difficult for Vivian to hide the anxiety in her voice. 
“Let’s talk about it when you get here. I don’t think this is an appropriate conversation over the phone.” 
“Alright, I’ll be on my way.” 
After Vivian hung up, she hurriedly took a cab to the hospital and ran all the way towards the doctor’s office. 
The woman barely had any time to catch her breath as she stood at the doorway, gasping, “Doctor… What’s wrong… with her?
###Chapter 438
Chapter 438 
The doctor eyed the anxious Vivian and gestured at her to come inside. Solemnly, he sighed. “You need to be mentally prepared for this. Your mother is diagnosed with leukemia.” 
“What?” At the sound of the word “leukemia,” Vivian felt her mind go blank. How is this possible? How can my mother be diagnosed with leukemia, of all things? 
The doctor continued. “You should also know that your mother has been in poor health and that we initially found that she had symptoms of anemia. Upon further examination, her test results indicated that she had abnormal blood tissue. All this points to leukemia.” 
“What should I do, doctor? Is my mother’s life in danger?” Vivian sent out a fervent prayer in silence, hoping that Rachel would be alright. 
“It’s hard to say, for now. But to treat this, we’ll need bone marrow from a matching donor.” 
“Use mine!” said Vivian hurriedly. “I am her daughter, so my bone marrow should match hers!” 
The doctor raised a hand to calm Vivian down. “You being a relative does not guarantee a match, but since you are an immediate family member, the probability should be higher. However, you still need to go for a physical examination and a DNA test.” 
“I’ll do that right away.” The possibility of treatment gave Vivian a slight tinge of hope. “Please do whatever you can to save her!” 
“Please be assured that we will do everything we can.” The doctor turned away and signalled for a nurse. “Jane, kindly escort this lady to the lab for a bone marrow compatibility test.” 
After repeatedly thanking the doctor, Vivian then followed the nurse out of the office.
She was subjected to a series of numerous tests, from bloodwork to X-rays and a DNA test. Vivian patiently endured the series of poking and prodding before it was finally over. 
“Any news, doctor? Am I a compatible donor?” In a fit of nervousness, Vivian did not realize that she had grasped her examiner by the arm and was shaking him vigorously. 
The doctor gently shook off her hand tried to reassure Vivian. “It’ll be a while until the results are out, so don’t worry. We’ll notify you the moment they’re ready. You must be patient.” 
Vivian was a bit disappointed to know that she needed to wait. The fact that it was a life and death situation made her even more impatient and worried. 
“I appreciate you going through all the trouble.” Vivian forced a grateful smile at the doctor and took a deep breath before leaving the examination room. 
She then wandered along the corridor before she stumbled weakly onto a nearby seat. Soon enough, tears began to fall. Wasn’t she just fine? Why would she suddenly be sick? 
Her only hope now was that her bone marrow was a match to Rachel. There was no way Vivian would lose Rachel again. 
She pulled out some tissues from her purse to wipe away her tears. With a heavy heart, Vivian slowly made her way towards Rachel’s ward. 
When she arrived at the door, Vivian took a few deep breaths and steadied herself. She also rubbed her eyes vigorously and tried to erase all traces of her crying. 
Perhaps I should keep this from her for the time being and wait for the results. The last thing Vivian wanted to do was frighten Rachel. If she accidentally upset her, Rachel could then become agitated, and it would take a toll on her already declining health.
Vivian reached out and massaged her jaw, sore from the crying. Then, she tried her best to force a smile. Any passer-by would have given her a look or two. They would probably wonder why this woman’s smile could look worse than her crying. 
When she had finally attained a suitable state of calm, Vivian pushed open the door to Rachel’s ward. 
“Hey, Mom,” Vivian tried her best to seem like her usual, cheerful self. “How have you been feeling? 
“Ah, you’re here!” Rachel was very happy to see her daughter. “It’s been a while since you visited.” 
“I’m sorry, Mom. I’ve just been busy.” Vivian decided to omit any information about the kidnapping, lest it worried Rachel. 
Rachel reached out to hold Vivian’s hand. “I know you’re busy, darling. I wasn’t blaming you or anything.” 
Seeing the warm smile on her mother’s face, Vivian had to fight back the fierce urge to tear up. She lowered her head to feign a cough before returning the smile. “Thanks, Mom. Have you been feeling any better?”
###Chapter 439
Chapter 439 
“I’m feeling so much better. In fact, I was about to give you a call!” 
“Are you in any pain? Is everything okay?” 
“I’m alright! You don’t have to worry about me.” Vivian’s anxiety touched Rachel’s heart as she stroked her daughter’s cheek affectionately. “I wanted to ask you to help with the discharge procedures. I’ve been in the hospital for so long that I’m going nuts.” 
“Wait a minute!” Vivian was slightly agitated when she heard her mother’s intentions. However, she quickly restrained herself to avoid drawing any suspicion. “But Mom, you’re not completely healed yet! I think you should stay in for a bit longer until the doctors say that you can leave.” 
“But I’m just fine! I think I can be discharged right now!” Rachel was definitely not eager to stay in the hospital anymore. 
Vivian bit her lip and tried to coax her mother again. “It’s just for a while longer, Mom. Please don’t make me worry, okay?” 
With that, Rachel had no choice but to agree. 
After that, Vivian stayed a while longer to keep Rachel company. Rachel was certainly happy to have her, as their chats drew cheerful laughter despite her condition. However, Vivian’s emotions threatened to overwhelm her as time passed. With a hastily formed excuse of being busy with work, Vivian decided to take her leave. 
“Of course, darling. Don’t let me keep you.”
“Well, I’ll be off then!” With a smile and a wave, Vivian left the room. She was thankful that she left then, for the tears had started pricking her eyes and blurring her vision. 
Soon after, Rachel put a hand over her mouth to stop herself from crying out as she ran towards a more private place away from the ward. On the bench, Vivian buried her face in her knees and cried to her heart’s content, even though some strangers were starting to give her weird looks. 
Back in the study, silence fell as the shock of Mark’s actions settled in. The elder Mr. Norton shot a glance at Finnick but could not find the words to comfort the furious man. 
The silence was broken by the sound of Finnick’s cell phone. He fished it out of his pocket and checked the caller ID to find that it was Vivian calling. 
He recalled the bout of awkwardness between himself and Vivian this morning but picked up immediately on the third ring. 
As soon as the call connected, Finnick heard Vivian’s sobbing coming from the other end of the line. 
In a panic, Finnick hurriedly asked her what was wrong. “Please don’t cry, Vivian. Is everything okay? What happened?” 
“I-It’s… my m-mother…” Vivian was sobbing and could not speak coherently. 
“Vivian, calm down and tell me everything. Slowly.” Finnick was just as anxious as she was but had to maintain his composure if he wanted to get anything out of her. “What happened?” 
Vivian took a deep breath before she spoke. “My mother is diagnosed with leukemia. What am I going to do, Finnick?”
It was not too long ago that Vivian found out that she wasn’t Harvey’s biological daughter. In other words, Rachel was the only relative she had. Why did God have to be so cruel and inflict this upon me now? 
Apart from Finnick, Vivian had nobody else to turn to. Granted, she was still angry at him over what happened this morning. But Vivian realized how much she truly needed him and desperately wanted to see him right away. Rachel aside, he was the closest companion she had. 
Finnick, on the other hand, was shocked to the core at Vivian’s words. “Alright, Vivian. Tell me where you are now, and I’ll come to get you right away.” 
“A-at the h-hospital. Please hurry, F-Finnick. Won’t y-you?” 
“It’s okay, don’t cry. I’m here for you. And I’ll be with you soon.” Finnick tried whatever he could to soothe her through the phone. “Stay where you are. I’m on my way.” 
Once Vivian gave him a response, Finnick hung up. 
Finnick took a deep breath and stood up urgently. There was no hiding the nervousness in his voice. “Grandpa, I need to go to the hospital right away. I’ll drop by later when I have the time.” 
The elder Mr. Norton had overheard Vivian’s loud sobs. “What on earth happened? I’ve never heard her cry like that!”
###Chapter 440
Chapter 440 
“Vivian’s mother was diagnosed with leukemia, and she panicked for a bit. I’m going to get her now.” 
“Leukemia? How?” The old man was shocked to hear the news. “How serious is it? What did the doctor say?” 
“I’m not sure. She wasn’t able to say much else because she was crying.” 
“That poor child. After a shell-shocking revelation, God deals her a sh*tty hand again.” The elder Mr. Norton waved Finnick off hurriedly. “Well, off with you. She’s all alone, and she’s probably panicked herself half to death.” 
“I’ll see you soon, Grandpa.” With that, Finnick strode out of the study with Noah in tow. 
“Wait.” The elderly man seemed to recall something and caught Finnick right before he opened the door. 
“Grandpa, is there anything else you need?” 
With a slightly sheepish glance at Finnick, the elder Mr. Norton bade Noah leave the room beforehand. 
Noah nodded in understanding and went downstairs to wait instead. 
Finnick gave the old man a puzzled look. What is Grandpa up to? What is it that Noah can’t hear? 
The elder Mr. Norton hesitated briefly before speaking. “I think you and Vivian should be a bit more… mindful, given the current circumstances. A pregnancy is the last thing you both need in the face of something like this.”
Finnick noticed that the old man had a faint blush on his cheeks. Samuel Norton was truthfully quite embarrassed at needing to discuss this with someone younger. But how could he refrain when Vivian had already gone through so much? The poor child could never seem to catch a break. 
The warning had made a mess of Finnick’s emotions. He clenched his fists as he recalled the unwelcome image of the four men humiliating Vivian and her loud pleas for help. 
Finnick knew that the incident would scar him for life at this rate. Every time he thought of this, he felt his heart break. How would he ever forget? 
Sensing the anger that Finnick emanated, the elderly man sighed. These kids have really gotten the short end of the stick. 
With some difficulty, Finnick closed his eyes and tried to will the images away. “I understand.” 
The elder Mr. Norton hummed in response and patted Finnick on the shoulder. “Well, don’t let me keep you. Vivian is waiting. Also, remember to be nicer to her in the future.” 
“I will.” Finnick made the solemn declaration that he would treasure Vivian for the rest of his life as the old man mouthed his approval. 
With a final nod towards the elder Mr. Norton, Finnick turned on his heel and walked towards the elevator. 
When Finnick got downstairs, he found Noah waiting by the car with the door open. The pair then travelled to the hospital at breakneck speed. 
Finnick rushed all the way to Rachel’s ward when a sobbing figure caught his eye. He turned around and wondered if that was actually Vivian.
As he stopped to take a closer look, he then breathed a slight sigh of relief when saw that it was actually her. 
Vivian had been so grief-stricken that it took her a while to realize that someone had approached her from the front. 
She finally looked up at the fuzzy figure squatting in front of her, but the tears came out more fiercely than before. 
With a loud wail, she flung herself into Finnick’s arms as if she’d finally found an anchor. 
Finnick held Vivian tightly in his arms as he caressed her back soothingly. “It’s okay, I’m here. Everything will be alright, don’t cry.” 
Vivian could only cry harder as she heard Finnick’s gentle voice. “What should I do, Finnick? The doctor said that I might be a possible donor, but what if it doesn’t match? What if I can’t save my own mother?” 
“You still have me, don’t you?” murmured Finnick gently. “Believe me. We’ll go through this together. Everything will be alright. 
“If yours does not match, then we’ll find a donor who does. Even if we have to go abroad. There are so many people in the world! It would be impossible not to find a match. Don’t worry. I’ll do everything in my power to save your mother, so please calm down, alright?”
###Chapter 441
Chapter 441 
“Really?” Vivian looked at Finnick tearfully. He was her only hope. 
“Of course.” Finnick wiped away her tears and stroked her cheek. “She’ll be okay. Just trust me, won’t you?” 
“I-I will.” Vivian nodded vigorously. “If you say she’ll be fine, then she will be fine. I trust you.” 
“Good. Shall we go see her first?” 
“Absolutely not!” exclaimed Vivian, who was agitated again. “I haven’t told her anything, and I don’t want her to see me like this!” 
“In that case, why don’t we head home?” 
Vivian nodded weakly at that. 
Then, Finnick turned around and gently escorted a weakened Vivian to the car that was waiting outside. 
Throughout the ride home, Finnick held her in his arms. 
She was probably emotionally exhausted. In a few moments, Vivian fell asleep on his shoulder. Her eyes were still wet with lingering teardrops, but Finnick thought that she looked particularly vulnerable. 
When the couple arrived home, Finnick had to carry her out of the car and into the house. Given how the news took a toll on her, Vivian never woke up despite the commotion. 
Finnick gingerly carried her to the bedroom and set her down on the bed. After he tucked her in, he lay down next to her in silence.
Although Vivian was in deep slumber, it was not a fitful rest. She felt herself weave in and out of dreams that passed into nightmares. Now and then, tears would wet the corners of her closed eyes. 
Finnick could not sleep a wink when he saw how restless she was. With a thumb, he gently wiped Vivian’s tears away and held her, hoping that he could provide some comfort. 
He reflected on how recently, he seemed to have seen more of her tears than anything else. This is all my fault. All I can do is make my wife cry. 
Slowly, he leaned over to kiss the top of Vivian’s head as he gently patted her back as he would a child. Finnick hoped that the simple gesture would bring her some comfort in her sleep. 
When Vivian awoke a while later in a dark bedroom, she was initially confused. Am I at home? What time is it? 
She reached over to turn the lights on and gradually willed herself into sobriety. However, she recalled what happened at the hospital earlier and started to shed tears again. 
Finnick happened to walk in on Vivian crying in silence, her fists bunched up in the sheets. With a low sigh, Finnick walked to the bed and held her in his arms. “Hey, don’t cry. You’re going to cry your eyes out if you don’t stop.” 
With conscious effort, Vivian did her best to hold back her tears as she looked at Finnick. 
He felt his heart sting when he saw that Vivian’s eyes were swollen to the size of plums. “You haven’t eaten all day, I think? Why don’t you wash up, and we’ll head down for some food?” 
Vivian answered him with a very hoarse-sounding “yes” and padded into the bathroom.
After she washed her face and went downstairs, she found that the table was already set for a simple meal. Finnick had made her a simple but hearty chicken stew. The kindness and the gentleness of Finnick’s gesture touched Vivian. This reminded her how things were before Evelyn showed up and ruined everything. 
Over the next few days, Finnick did not go to work. Instead, he stayed at home and kept Vivian company, all while he actively put effort into placing inquiries. He had contacted several experts in leukemia research. 
His actions had cleared all doubts Vivian had about Finnick not loving her. She found herself reveling in a bond that had only deepened much further. 
The day came when Vivian finally received the much-awaited call from the hospital. She was to go there in person to get the full report and decide on her next course of action. 
“Of course, I’ll be there right away.” She rushed to the hospital anxiously as soon as she hung up. Finnick, unfortunately, had some matters to oversee at the Finnor Group. Thus, Vivian had to take a taxi to the hospital by herself. 
The journey to the hospital was nerve-wracking. Vivian fidgeted restlessly in the car, unable to stop herself from thinking about the worst possible outcomes. What if my bone marrow does not match Rachel’s? Can Finnick really step in and help me find a donor? And if I really can’t find a donor, am I going to watch my mother die?
###Chapter 442
Chapter 442 
The thoughts were enough to make Vivian tear up. She blinked a few times and tried to suppress the burst of emotion that threatened to overflow. At the same time, she willed herself to be strong for the sake of her mother. After all, she had yet to find out what the results were. There was no sense in scaring herself like that. 
The minute she arrived, Vivian hurried to see the doctor who had examined her before. 
“What news, doctor? Is my bone marrow compatible with my mother’s?” Heavens above, I really hope that I can save my mother. I have to. 
“Have a seat,” said the doctor, who gestured at the chair next to him. “I’ll go into details.” 
Vivian sat down nervously and eyed the solemn-looking doctor. She had a bad feeling that she couldn’t quite place but fervently hoped that it was not what she feared. 
“The results, doctor?” asked Vivian again. She was so nervous she could burst into tears again. 
The doctor sighed, took off his glasses, and rubbed the bridge of his nose thoughtfully. “According to the results, your bone marrow does not match. Unfortunately, you are not a suitable donor.” 
As the doctor said this, Vivian’s heart sank. She felt as if the very wind had been knocked out of her chest and found it difficult to breathe. “What can we do, doctor? Is there any other way to treat her?” 
“Don’t worry. Your mother is not in danger at the moment.” The doctor did everything they could to comfort Vivian in the face of uncertainty. “This hospital is affiliated with the Red Cross, and we’ve already submitted a request. Once we find a suitable donor for her, we’ll have her operation arranged in no time at all.”
Vivian nodded at the doctor gratefully. “Thank you, doctor. I appreciate you going through all the trouble.” 
“It’s okay, that’s what we’re here for. However, I would also suggest that your family look into other avenues privately and seek donors elsewhere. After all, surgeries like this are best attempted as soon as possible.” 
Vivian nodded again in understanding. “But doctor, if I may ask, how do I go about doing that? This is something I have never attempted before.” Since Vivian had never had to consider something like this, she had no idea where to start. 
“Usually, you can apply for assistance through the local Red Cross, or you can make inquiries at the National Marrow Bank. Given how the internet is so widely used now, you can also try making an appeal on social media platforms.” 
Vivian made a mental note of what she needed to do. “Thank you, doctor. I’ll be in touch.” 
With that, Vivian bolted out of her seat and prepared to leave. She wanted to start looking for a compatible donor for Rachel as soon as possible. If she was lucky enough in her search, Vivian was prepared to do whatever it took to ensure that the other party would agree. 
“Wait a moment, Ma’am.” The doctor stopped Vivian in her tracks, right before she could leave the office. 
Vivian turned around to look at the doctor, visibly confused. “Was there something else we had to discuss?” 
“Two more things, to be precise. But I need you to brace yourself.” 
“What’s the matter? It isn’t about my mother, is it?”
“No, it’s about you this time.” 
“Me?” Vivian did not understand what the doctor meant. “Is something wrong with me?” 
The doctor hesitated. A slight hint of discomfort flickered across his face as he fidgeted with his glasses again. “The results of the examination have shown us not just the incompatibility of your marrow, but that your DNA is completely different from that of your mother’s. You are not your mother’s biological daughter.” 
“How is this possible?” Vivian’s instinctive reaction was to not believe a word she had just heard. “Surely there must be some kind of mistake? How am I not my mother’s biological daughter?” 
“The results don’t lie, Ma’am. I think it’s a conversation you should have with your mother.” 
Vivian felt a myriad of emotions course through her body, from disbelief to anger, to a pang of intense sadness. This is impossible. How am I not her daughter? Yet, what if it’s true? And if I am not her daughter, who the hell am I? 
“There is one other thing. You’re pregnant.” 
‘What?” Vivian absent-mindedly reached upwards and stroked her belly. “I’m… pregnant?”
###Chapter 443
Chapter 443 
“Yes, you’ve been pregnant for about a month now. Congratulations, you’re going to be a mother.” 
Vivian was stunned and overwhelmed by all the information that she had to process. 
“Though I have to warn you that the fetus is still in an unstable condition due to your recent emotional ups and downs. You need to regulate and control your grief, or it will be a bit too much for the fetus to bear.” 
“I understand. Thank you, doctor.” Vivian forced a smile at the doctor before departing, her mind completely numb. 
As she made her way towards one of the vacant seats outside, Vivian felt as if her mind was swimming in jelly. Her emotions were a mess, and she could not think with a clear head. After taking a few deep breaths, Vivian closed her eyes and slowly tried to organize her thoughts. 
My bone marrow is not a match, so I have to find a suitable donor for mom. I may not be Rachel’s biological daughter, and I’m also pregnant? 
Instinctively, Vivian looked down at her stomach, which was still flat. Is there truly another living being in there? 
She then placed both hands on her belly. Vivian was a little excited at the prospect that she and Finnick would soon have a child together. 
Recalling what the doctor said earlier, if her calculations were correct, she should have conceived the night before the kidnapping.
Vivian shuddered. When she was kidnapped, she had struggled quite violently against her captors. This gave her some injuries which required hospitalization. This would not affect the baby, would it? The doctor had also mentioned that her emotional state needed regulation, yet she had been worried sick. Surely the number of tears she shed was not healthy for the baby. 
Vivian could not help but blame herself a little. For one, she failed to notice that she was pregnant. She also made the baby suffer quite a bit together with her. 
“I’m sorry, little one. Your mother has been a terrible protector. I promise that you won’t be hurt anymore in the future.” Vivian murmured the apology to the child in her belly and lovingly stroked her stomach. 
I am definitely happy about this pregnancy. After all, Finnick and I have been yearning for a child. I just never expected the little one to show up out of the blue. 
However, she could not bring herself to smile. Questions about her parentage had put a real damper on her spirits, which made her feel deeply uncomfortable. 
No, I must ask mom about this. 
Vivian stood up and began a slow walk towards Rachel’s ward. Throughout the entirety of her trip, she could feel nothing but discomfort. How was she going to pose such a difficult question to the only person she’d known as a mother? 
She soon found herself facing the door of the ward. Vivian stood there impassively for a moment before turning around and walking away. At that moment, she had decided that she was not going to ask her mother anything. 
Perhaps it was a mistake, after all. She was Rachel’s daughter, and Rachel was her mother. Nothing had changed. They were still family, and family needed each other.
However, the prognosis of Rachel’s condition made Vivian stop in her tracks abruptly. 
Rachel needed to have surgery as soon as she could. If she was truly not her daughter, then perhaps her biological daughter could be a possible donor. It was likely the fastest way too. 
Suddenly, her emotions became cloudy and muddled again. Vivian reflected on the fleeting impermanence of life and wondered why God was so cruel to her. Why did she have to make that choice? 
In the end, reason finally bested emotion as Vivian returned to the ward, more determined than before. 
When she opened the door, Vivian saw Rachel lying on the hospital bed. The tv was on, and she heard her mother laugh. Maybe she was watching something funny. 
“You’re here again, Vivian!” Rachel beckoned to her with a grin. “Look at how funny this person is! I’m in stitches as we speak!” 
An anxious Vivian walked towards Rachel’s bed and sat down next to her. She looked up at Rachel, who still grinned at her, and felt her heart sink. How am I going to broach the subject? 
Rachel observed Vivian’s behavior and seemed to sense that something was off. Her daughter was not her usual jovial self. Vivian had walked in with her head hung low without a smile on her face, and it made Rachel wonder if her daughter had a bad day. 
She then turned down the volume of the television before she looked at Vivian again. “You don’t look happy at all, Vivian. Did you quarrel with Finnick or something?”
###Chapter 444
Chapter 444 
Looking up at Rachel, Vivian shook her head slightly and hesitated before speaking. “No, Mom. But… I have a question.” 
“What is it?” Rachel found Vivian’s expression to be a little odd. “Silly girl, you can ask me anything. What are you finding so hard to talk to your own mother about? It’s not like I have anything to hide from my daughter.” 
Rachel’s words struck a sour note in Vivian’s heart. She struggled to hold back her tears and still hoped that the doctor’s examination was a mistake. 
“Mom, I… am… Am… I…” Vivian stammered, still unable to get the words out. 
“What on earth is it that’s making you stutter like that?” asked Rachel with a smile. 
Vivian tried to look Rachel straight in the eye as she enunciated every word. “Am I your biological daughter?” She poured every bit of hope she had as she silently prayed that her mother would at least give her some reassurance. 
The question Vivian asked wiped the smile off Rachel’s face in an instant. She trembled in fear and turned away from Vivian. At that point, she could not bring herself to look at her daughter. 
Rachel’s reaction served to confirm her worst fears, and immediately, her heart sank all the way into an abyss. Vivian anxiously grabbed onto Rachel’s hand and asked her the same question again. “Mom, answer me! Am I your daughter?” 
All Rachel could do was cry as she beheld Vivian. The tears fell onto her sheets and quickly covered them with wet stains. Rachel shook her head slightly and kept crying without saying a word.
“Mom, I’m not your biological daughter then?” Vivian’s voice finally cracked into a loud sob. It would seem that God favored his other children more. What the doctor said was true, after all. 
Rachel shook her head more vigorously this time before stopping to weep bitterly. She covered her mouth to mask the sounds and dared not look at Vivian at all. 
So it’s true? I’m not my mother’s daughter. Vivian felt every last bit of strength leave her body as she sank into the chair behind her. With this came other revelations. 
All this while, she wondered why Harvey took her to have a paternity test done. As it turned out, he was not her father after all. If she was not Rachel’s daughter, how could she possibly be his daughter? Nothing made sense. 
Then who the hell am I? Vivian immediately felt a furious ache in her temples. The more she thought about this, the more confounded she became. 
It took a while for her to finally muster up the strength to look at Rachel, who lay in her bed trembling and crying. But Vivian also remembered everything Rachel did for her when she was a child. 
Being in a single-parent family, Vivian grew up poor and could barely afford her tuition. Hence, Rachel did what she could to put food at the table and went to the extent of working up to two or three jobs at once. 
To her knowledge, Rachel was never a materialistic or selfish person. Whatever the other children had, Rachel would do her best to obtain so that Vivian never felt left out. She did what she could so that nobody looked down on their family. 
As she recalled all of this, Vivian knew that she could not find it in her to blame Rachel even if this was a heart-breaking revelation. She was not even Rachel’s biological daughter, but Rachel did whatever
she could to provide the best for her. 
As such, her gratitude towards Rachel grew even more. Vivian could only thank Rachel for treating her as one of her own. If not for this, who knows where I’ll end up today? Would I still meet Finnick? Would I have the life that I have right now? 
“Mom?” Vivian held back her sadness and wiped her tears before gently pulling Rachel closer to her. “Can you tell me who your biological daughter is?” She needed to obtain this information so that Rachel could be operated on as soon as possible. 
However, Rachel could not stop crying. “Vivian, I’m sorry… I… I don’t…” She then trailed off into an incoherent babble of words that Vivian could not understand. 
Seeing Rachel so upset, Vivian could only assume that her daughter was dead. It was also possible that her daughter died at childbirth, which would explain why Vivian ended up in the picture.
###Chapter 445
Chapter 445 
“Did your daughter pass away?” asked Vivian tentatively. She did not think it was an unreasonable guess. 
Rachel only wept harder and shook her head. In her distress, she kept mouthing the word “No.” 
Vivian did not understand what Rachel meant by “no,” so she did what she could to coax the truth out of Rachel. “Mom, the doctors have diagnosed you with leukemia, and you are in dire need of a bone marrow donor. Can you please just tell me where I can find your biological daughter?” 
Vivian had assumed that Rachel’s daughter was no longer alive, based on her reaction alone. But what was Rachel refusing to tell her? 
Rachel then looked at Vivian in shock. “Leukemia? How? How is this possible?” 
“A while ago, the hospital called me and said that you had been diagnosed with leukemia. They said I had to find a compatible bone marrow donor so that they can operate on you as soon as possible.” Vivian sighed and took Rachel’s hand in hers. “I figured that since I am your daughter, I could be your donor instead. But I never expected to find out…” 
Vivian trailed off and choked back a sob. Suddenly, words failed her. 
She struggled to hold back her tears before continuing. “The reason why I kept it from you was that I didn’t want you to feel depressed. It would take a toll on your body. Your only hope now is to locate your biological daughter and ask her to be your donor. Can you tell me where to find her?” 
Vivian did not expect Rachel to react that poorly after hearing her justification. Rachel shook her head and barely breathed out the words “I can’t!”
However, Rachel’s reluctance only worried Vivian further. “Mom, this is serious. Your child might be the only one who can save your life. Please tell me where she is? I’ll go look for her.” 
“Vivian! You mustn’t go looking for her!” In a panic, Rachel suddenly held Vivian’s arm as tightly as she could. 
“But why not?” Vivian was now certain that Rachel knew exactly where her child was but seemed reluctant to disclose her whereabouts. 
Why won’t she let me go? Did something bad happen? It has to be it. Why would she abandon her own child and raise me instead? 
However, the only thing on Vivian’s mind at the moment was to track down Rachel’s long-lost daughter. 
“Don’t ask me anymore, please. I beg of you!” 
Vivian was even more puzzled by Rachel’s actions. “If I don’t, how will we treat your illness? Your life is in danger, Mom!” 
“I don’t care! I don’t need a cure! I don’t need to be cured!” Rachel cried and shook her head. “You needn’t worry anymore. Just leave me be!” 
“Mom!” Vivian was dumbfounded. “I’m not your biological daughter, but you raised me. You’re still my mom, and nothing will change that. If you die, what will I do?” 
Rachel then hugged Vivian close to her. “Oh, I’m sorry, Vivian… I’m so sorry!” 
Patting Rachel on the back, Vivian sobbed and said, “It’s okay, Mom. You raised me, and I’m only doing what’s right. Now please tell me where she is! I can’t lose you!”
“Vivian, stop. Don’t ask me anymore. I won’t tell you.” Rachel slowly pushed Vivian away and wiped her tears. “If I’ve only got a few days left, so be it.” 
“Mom, how can you think so? What is it that’s so bad that you can’t even tell me? I’m begging you.” 
But Rachel still refused to let it slide. “I’m tired, Vivian. You should stop asking me about her. I… need to rest now, so maybe you should leave me alone for a bit.” 
Before Vivian could say anything further, Rachel had already turned towards the other side.
###Chapter 446
Chapter 446 
Vivian stubbornly refused to take no for an answer. She walked around to the other side of the bed to plead her case, but she saw that Rachel had clamped her eyes tightly shut. Despite this, tears continued to fall and wet the corners of her pillow. 
Vivian was visibly upset by this. Perhaps her mother did have a valid reason why she could not say anything. The younger woman felt guilty and knew that it was wrong to have pushed her thus. 
With that in mind, Vivian grabbed some tissue from the side table and squatted down to dry Rachel’s tears. “I’m sorry, Mom. I won’t ask anymore. I’m going to leave now, so rest well.” 
Rachel did not open her eyes or answer Vivian. Instead, she lay there in her bed and continued to cry. All Vivian could do was turn around and leave the ward. 
Today’s emotional display had left her with a bitter taste in her mouth. The trip back home was one taken in despair, and Vivian felt all of the mixed feelings she had well up near the surface. 
Why didn’t Mom even reached out to her child or even looked for her after all these years? The fact remained that she would rather die than seek help from her own child. Vivian could only surmise that there were more secrets to be uncovered behind this. Secrets that likely had to do with her own identity as well. 
In the ward, she was so intent on discovering the whereabouts of Rachel’s child just so that they could proceed with the operation. However, Vivian forgot to ask Rachel about herself – Where had she come from and who she was. 
She was also so immersed in her thoughts that she had not realized that she’d wandered onto the sidewalk. Without looking, she decided to continue walking and did not even pay attention to the lights
at the pedestrian crossing. 
A loud horn and the sound of screeching brakes suddenly pulled Vivian back into reality. When she looked up, what she witnessed had given her quite the fright. 
A car had swerved out of the way to avoid a collision with her. The angry driver leaned out from his window to yell at Vivian for her carelessness. “What the f*ck are you doing? Do you have a death wish?” 
Vivian apologized profusely and hurried over to the other side of the road. 
“How about you use your eyes next time?” yelled the driver at her again before he drove off. 
Vivian let out the breath she had been holding and patted her chest, thankful for the fact that she was unharmed. It was then that Vivian suddenly remembered something as her face paled in fright. 
I am with child! How can I forget something so important? 
Holding her stomach, Vivian cursed inwardly. What if I really got hit and put this child in danger? I’m really not fit to be a parent. 
After that, Vivian did not dare walk around on the street anymore. She quickly stopped a nearby taxi and told him her destination. 
It was only when she reached home that the adrenaline wore off. Vivian suddenly felt mentally and physically exhausted. She collapsed onto the sofa and closed her eyes, recalling every single thing that had happened today. Despite calming down, she could sense that she was in a complete mess and panicked, not knowing what to do. 
Vivian then muttered something along the lines of pulling herself together as she shook her head. When she opened her eyes, she noticed a familiar-looking briefcase near the armrest.
Vivian then turned around and also saw that Finnick’s coat was already on the rack. Ah, so he’s back already! 
The thought of him being home made her feel a little more spirited. Immediately, Vivian got up and hurried upstairs towards the study. 
The door of the study was slightly ajar. Vivian peeked inside and saw Finnick at his desk, poring over documents. 
Without realizing it, her tears began to fall again. Too many things have happened today. Now that Finnick is here, I feel more at ease. 
Finnick happened to look up and noticed Vivian standing by the door. He frowned when he saw her in tears again and hurriedly walked towards her. “What happened?” 
Wordlessly, Vivian threw herself into Finnick’s arms and started crying. 
Finnick knew that Vivian went to the hospital today. However, her behavior now indicated that things were not looking up for Rachel at all. With soothing strokes to Vivian’s head, Finnick asked, “What’s wrong? Did something happen to your Mom?”
###Chapter 447
Chapter 447 
Vivian nodded vigorously in Finnick’s arms. 
Very gently, Finnick pushed Vivian away and led her towards the sofa. 
“Okay, take some deep breaths and talk to me slowly. Tell me everything.” Finnick picked up some tissue from a nearby container and wiped away her tears tenderly. 
Vivian took a few minutes to compose herself. “The doctor said that I’m incompatible as a donor.” 
As a matter of fact, Finnick had already anticipated this. When he first heard about Rachel’s condition, the first thing he did was set out to look for suitable donors. However, he had not gotten a response yet. 
“Don’t worry. I’ve already started making inquiries. It won’t be long until we find someone.” 
Vivian nodded and looked at Finnick gratefully. “But there’s something else.” Vivian suddenly recalled the results of the DNA test, and tears welled up in her eyes. “The doctor said that my… DNA is completely inconsistent with that of my mother’s. I’m not her biological daughter.” 
Finnick was stunned to hear this from Vivian. “What do you mean?” 
“I didn’t believe it either. So I decided to ask her in person.” Vivian then let out a loud wail. “Finnick, that was not a mistake. I am not her daughter.” 
Finnick hurriedly moved over to hold Vivian but could not find the words to comfort her. He was at a loss. 
“I did a paternity test some time ago, and the test results confirmed that I am not Harvey’s daughter. And today, I found out that I’m not even my mother’s own child. Finnick, I have no relatives. I have no
one! What should I do?” 
“What do you mean?” Finnick caressed Vivian’s back in an attempt to comfort her. “You still have me. I am your husband, and we are a family. I’ll be with you until the day I die.” 
“Really?” Vivian raised her head, looking at Finnick with tear-stained cheeks. “Do you promise?” 
Finnick looked at Vivian affectionately. “Of course. I love you, and I will always be with you.” 
The sincerity in Finnick’s eyes took Vivian’s breath away. She was so moved that she could not respond. 
Very gently, Finnick planted a soft kiss on Vivian’s forehead before he embraced her again. “Don’t dwell on it. I promise I’ll never leave your side.” 
Finnick’s reassurances brought great comfort to Vivian, who finally managed to calm down. Leaning against his arms, Vivian found strength and warmth returning to her. Deep down, she knew he was right. She was not alone because she had him. 
Vivian suddenly recalled that their family was about to become a lot bigger with their latest addition – a baby. 
Joyfully, Vivian raised her head to look at Finnick. “There is some good news that came out of this after all.” 
“Huh?” Finnick was a little puzzled by Vivian’s sudden change in demeanor. Wasn’t she crying just a few minutes before? 
“I’m pregnant!” finished Vivian happily. “Finnick, we’re going to have a baby!” 
Vivian looked at Finnick expectantly, thinking that he would be just as excited as he was before.
However, she had not prepared herself for the sudden chill in his expression. He became stoic, and his eyes were a mix of emotions that she could not comprehend. 
“What’s the matter?” Finnick’s reaction puzzled and displeased Vivian in equal measure. “Aren’t you happy to have children?” 
Finnick opened his mouth and wanted to explain but could not find the right words. Was this child truly conceived by us both? 
In the end, Finnick looked at Vivian vaguely and asked, “How far along are you?” 
“The doctor said it has been a month,” replied Vivian gently, as she absentmindedly stroked her belly. 
The child had been inside her for a month? Why hadn’t she felt anything before?
###Chapter 448
Chapter 448 
“A month?” Finnick’s face darkened as he counted the number of days in his heart. A month ago was the exact date that Vivian got kidnapped. With that, it was unlikely for the child to be biologically related to him. 
“Yes.” Vivian nodded her head without noticing the change in Finnick’s expression. “To be exact, I might’ve gotten pregnant with the child the night before I got kidnapped.” 
Finnick recalled that they had indeed gotten intimate on that night before she got kidnapped. Could it really be that coincidental, though… They had always wanted a kid, but even so, Vivian was still not pregnant. So how is it possible that out of all those times, she was only impregnated that night? 
Thus, Finnick felt dubious regarding that. If his guess was right, it meant that the child could be a result of the gang rape. 
As his thoughts drifted in that direction, the image of the four men ripping Vivian’s clothes off ignited the anger within him. 
He clenched his fists hard and muttered, “Mark Norton, one day I’ll make you pay for that.” 
Feeling the anger that Finnick possessed, Vivian looked at him helplessly. She wondered why Finnick did not show any delight after the news of her pregnancy. 
“Finnick, are you okay?” Vivian questioned in an annoyed tone. “Didn’t you hope for a child all along? Why do you seem unhappy about it now?” 
“N-no, Vivian. I…” Finnick was unsure of how to articulate his thoughts to Vivian. He had a strong urge to hunt for the four guys and skin them alive as he got reminded that Vivian was pregnant with the child of another guy.
The fact that Vivian broke the news of her pregnancy in excitement shattered his heart further. 
Finnick could not face Vivian because it would only hurt his heart seeing her exuberant joy when she spoke about the child. 
On the other hand, he knew clearly that it was not Vivian’s fault as she was the victim. He could only blame himself for not protecting her well enough. 
After he had pondered for a while, his facial expression turned solemn as he looked at Vivian and spoke earnestly, “Vivian, I think we should abort this child.” He could never allow Vivian to give birth to the child of another man. 
Ultimately, Finnick could not bring himself to face the child if the child was born. He might even resent the child. 
“What are you talking about?” Vivian asserted as she shot up from the sofa. She looked at Finnick in disbelief and yelled in anger, “How could you say that? This is our child!” 
“Vivian, listen to me.” Finnick stood up, held her shoulders, and said in a serious tone, “We cannot have this child.” 
“Why not?” Vivian asked while staring into Finnick’s eyes – she could not accept those words coming out of her husband’s mouth. 
“Vivian, please calm down.” Finnick tried to console her. “This is not the right time for us to have a child. If you really want one, let’s wait a while more, okay?” 
“But I’m already pregnant. Why do we need more time?” Vivian could not figure out what Finnick meant.
What did he mean by that? For the longest time, that child was what both of us had hoped for, so how could he get me to abort it? 
“Vivian, please just listen to me.” Finnick was getting impatient. “We definitely cannot have this kid,” he emphasized. 
Upon hearing Finnick’s words, Vivian shrugged his hands off her shoulder, took two steps back, and stared at him with her eyes filled with hurt and sadness. 
She recalled how elated Finnick used to get when he knew of her pregnancy the last time. However, he seemed like a totally different person this time around. Is he still the same Finnick that I know?
###Chapter 449
Chapter 449 
“Why?” Vivian asked while she was choking on her tears. “What’s the reason for not wanting the child?” Vivian probed as she looked at Finnick coldly. 
Finnick looked away because he could not bear to look straight into Vivian’s teary eyes and stated, “Now is just not the right time.” 
Hearing that, Vivian was utterly disappointed in him for the lack of proper explanation. 
As she wiped her tears, Vivian looked sternly at Finnick and declared, “I would never abort this child.” After that, Vivian left the study without care for Finnick’s reaction. 
Watching Vivian leave, Finnick tightened his fist in anger. Should I… tell her? Could Vivian handle the truth? She might change her decision if she knew. But… 
No… No, I can’t… She would be devastated. When Finnick thought of the amount of pain the news could bring to Vivian, he decided not to reveal the truth to her. 
But in that case, how should I convince her to get an abortion? At that moment, Finnick could not come up with any other solution. 
Meanwhile, after reaching the room, Vivian was on her bed, crying her heart out. All she did was share the exciting news with Finnick, but his response was too unexpected – that he did not want the child at all. 
Perhaps Finnick did not want to get intimate with her the past few days because he wanted to avoid impregnating her. But why would he do that? Vivian could not understand the sudden change in Finnick’s mind.
She then tried to recall when Finnick had become a different person. However, the more she dwelled on it, the more upset she felt. The change in his attitude towards her seemed to have happened after Evelyn’s appearance. 
In the past, Finnick would never lose his temper in front of Vivian and would always trust her. Yet now, he even considered aborting their child. 
Did he still have feelings for Evelyn, possibly wanting a divorce so he could get back with her? Maybe that was why he wanted the abortion. Was he afraid that I would use the child as an excuse to cling to him? 
As she thought of the possibility of Finnick wanting to leave her, her heart ached more intensely. But earlier, he said that he would always stay by my side. Was it all just a lie? A lie to soothe my emotions temporarily? 
Vivian shook her head hard as she did not wish to dwell upon what she had assumed. However, she could not control her tears. 
Regardless of what Finnick said, she was determined to give birth to the child. 
She was determined to protect the child at all costs as it was still her child after all. 
With a thousand thoughts in mind, Vivian cried herself to sleep. When she woke up the next day, she realized that she had a blanket over her; she guessed that it was probably Finnick’s doing. 
However, the man was not in the room. Nonetheless, Vivian was fine with it as she was not prepared to face him. 
After washing up, she headed down for breakfast. Initially, Vivian thought that Finnick had left for work, so she did not expect to see him at the dining table.
Thus, she stopped and hesitated if she should turn to walk away or sit down to have breakfast with him. 
“Vivian, you’re awake.” Finnick spotted Vivian and spoke with an awkward expression, “Come and have your breakfast.” 
Vivian had no choice but to sit down at the dining table. Despite that, she did not sit beside or across Finnick as usual. Instead, she chose the furthest seat and sat down. 
Finnick knew that Vivian was still angry at him. Last night when he went back to their room, Vivian was already asleep. He adjusted her position and covered her with a blanket. After that, he thought of lying down right next to her. However, he could not bring himself to do so as he recalled the disagreement they had earlier. Thus, he went to the guest room. 
While Vivian was fast asleep, Finnick stayed up the whole night trying to come up with ways to convince her to abort the child but to no avail. 
How could he convince her to abort the child when she held the thought that she was pregnant with his child? It was the first time Finnick had wrecked his brains that hard trying to come up with a solution for something.
###Chapter 450
Chapter 450 
After a moment of thought, Finnick looked at Vivian, who was having her breakfast with her head lowered, and spoke, “Vivian, regarding what we were discussing last night…” 
Vivian tightened her hold on the fork in her hands in reaction to Finnick’s persistence on that issue. Did he really want me to abort the child so badly? 
After a few moments of hesitation, Finnick continued, “Vivian, please stop being stubborn and listen to me. We really cannot have this child.” 
“Me being stubborn?” Vivian could no longer hold in her anger. “Finnick, this is our child. Even if you disagree, it’s still a precious life. How could you be so heartless and ask me to abort it?” Vivian exploded in anger. 
Upon hearing Vivian’s words, Finnick’s face darkened. “Do you mean to say that you’d still want the child even if the child is not mine?” 
“What do you mean by that?” Vivian was confused at what Finnick said. “Why wouldn’t it be? What are you trying to say?” 
Finnick went silent with his lips tightly pressed shut. 
Vivian shrugged that thought off and assumed that Finnick had only said that out of anger. “Finnick, this is my child, and I would never let anyone harm it.” 
The dining room turned silent as Finnick did not respond. There was so much tension between them as neither were willing to budge. 
“You have to abort the child.” Finnick declared a few moments later, got up, and left the house.
There was no point in insisting further as Vivian showed no signs of willingness to budge. Hence, it was best for them to both cool down while he came up with other solutions. 
Clang! 
Vivian slammed a plate on the floor while tears rolled down her face. 
Thinking back on what Finnick said, Vivian’s heart turned cold. She could not believe that Finnick chose to resort to such a cruel method to reconcile with Evelyn. 
After venting out her frustration, Vivian slowly sat back down and calmed herself. 
Will I be able to give birth to the child smoothly if Finnick insists on the abortion? 
Vivan recalled the method Finnick used to punish Ashley and felt chills down her spine – it felt impossible for her to stop him. Hence, she needed to come up with an idea to stop Finnick from wanting her to abort the child. 
Vivian racked her brains to think of people who could help her, and Mr. Norton came to her mind instantly. 
Mr. Norton wanted a grandchild for the longest time, so he would definitely help stop Finnick from insisting on the abortion. 
Vivian finally saw a glimpse of hope. Not bothering about the mess on the floor, she grabbed her bag and immediately left the house. 
At the Norton Residence, Mr. Norton was taking a walk in the garden after breakfast. 
“Vivian, it’s been a long time since you’ve visited!” Mr. Norton teased as he spotted Vivian.
Mr. Norton looked at her with concern in his eyes as he was reminded of the many unfortunate events that had happened to Vivian. After all, the Norton family was at fault. 
“Grandpa.” Vivian rushed forward and tugged on Mr. Norton’s sleeve. “I have something to talk to you about,” Vivian said shakily. 
Judging by how anxious Vivian looked, Mr. Norton’s face turned serious. “Alright, let’s talk inside.” 
“Okay.” Vivian followed Mr. Norton to his study. 
“Alright, tell me, Vivian. What’s wrong?” Mr. Norton asked after the door was closed. 
“Grandpa, I’m pregnant, b-but…” Tears rolled down Vivian’s face while she continued, “But Finnick doesn’t want to keep the child.”
###Chapter 451
Chapter 451 
“You’re pregnant?” Mr. Norton exclaimed nervously upon hearing the news. 
“Yes.” Vivian nodded her head, crying. “Grandpa, please help me convince Finnick to let me keep this child.” 
“How many weeks?” Mr. Norton asked the question that he was most concerned about and ignored Vivian’s request. 
Upon hearing Mr. Norton’s response, Vivian realized that something was off. It was weird that Mr. Norton and Finnick both responded to the news with the same question. 
However, she shrugged it off and replied, “According to the doctor, I’m four weeks pregnant.” 
Four weeks! Mr. Norton’s face turned pale upon hearing her reply. It was a month ago that Vivian got kidnapped. Could it be that the child was from that incident? 
No wonder Finnick wanted her to abort the child. Out of all times, why did it have to be from that period of time? What an ill-fated coincidence. 
Vivian noticed how Mr. Norton had a perplexed expression on his face, and how Finnick had the same expression the day before. 
At that, she started to get anxious, worried that Mr. Norton would have the same stance as Finnick. 
“Vivian, I think… it would be best for you to abort this child.” Mr. Norton seemed to be in a dilemma about the words he has said. “Listen to Finnick and abort this child.”
“Why?” Vivian raised her voice as she broke down and asked. “Why are you both so persistent in the abortion? But this baby is mine and Finnick’s!” 
Vivian’s words triggered Mr. Norton’s memory regarding what Finnick had told him – that due to the earlier incident, Vivian’s subconscious had selectively chosen to erase that memory. 
“Vivian, please just listen to Finnick.” Mr. Norton had no clue on how to explain the whole situation to Vivian as well. 
She staggered a few steps back and sat on the edge of the sofa. Vivian did not expect that even Mr. Norton would not help her. What should I do now? 
Seeing the devastated state that Vivian was in, Mr. Norton sat beside her and consoled her, “Vivian, Finnick has his reasons for holding his stand – reasons that he might not be able to tell you about. But you need to trust in him. He is just trying to protect you.” 
“Grandpa, could you please tell me why?” Vivian pleaded while looking at Mr. Norton with her eyes filled with sadness. 
As a matter of fact, Vivian had realized that the reason for their opposition was much deeper than it seemed. After all, both Finnick and Mr. Norton had given the same response. 
If the reason behind Finnick’s opposition was due to Evelyn, then what about Grandpa’s? Why did Grandpa support the abortion of the child? 
Upon seeing how Mr. Norton kept his silence and avoided eye contact, Vivian confirmed her suspicion that she was definitely unaware of a deeper reason. 
“Grandpa, please tell me the reason. It must be serious for both of you to have the same stance on this. I have the right to know, or I’ll never allow anyone to hurt my child!”
Mr. Norton hesitated with Vivian’s words. 
It was indeed cruel of us to hide the truth from her. Furthermore, she would never agree to it otherwise. 
Mr. Norton started with a question after hesitating. “Vivian, do you recall a month ago that you got kidnapped?” 
“I remember.” Vivian nodded but could not understand how that incident was related to the abortion. 
“Do you remember all of it? Are you sure you didn’t miss out on anything?” 
“No, I remember that incident very clearly.” Did I really forget something? 
“Then do you recall that you were… sexually assaulted?” 
“What?” Vivian exclaimed in disbelief. 
Following Vivian’s response, it appeared to Mr. Norton that she had indeed forgotten all about it.
###Chapter 452
Chapter 452 
“Yes, you were… sexually assaulted that day.” Mr. Norton hesitated but revealed the harsh truth anyway. “There were four beggars that day, so we suspect that the child may not be Finnick’s.” 
After he revealed the whole truth, he looked at Vivian with his eyes full of guilt. It was all because of Mark, that b*stard. 
“Grandpa, what do you mean?” Vivian was in a daze. “I wasn’t sexually assaulted.” 
“Vivian, you might have forgotten it. Just listen to Finnick and me. Abort the child before you regret it in the future.” 
“How could I forget something like that?” Vivian could not comprehend Mr. Norton’s words. Her head was in a chaotic mess at that moment. 
“The doctor said that your subconscious might have selectively chosen to forget that incident as a response to cope with that traumatic experience.” 
What the heck is he talking about? Frustration welled up within Vivian when he said that. However, she closed her eyes and took two deep breaths to calm her thoughts. 
“Grandpa, I remembered what happened very clearly. There were indeed four guys who were about to… you know… but that was when Benedict appeared in time to save me. Fortunately for him, I wasn’t sexually assaulted. After that, Benedict sent me to the hospital. Then, when I woke up, I saw Finnick, and that was it.” 
“Vivian, you might’ve been traumatized by that and had forgotten about it, so your brain made up such a memory to help you cope with the impact of that incident.” It was apparent that Mr. Norton did not believe in Vivian’s words.
“I didn’t!” Vivian felt helpless as she did not know how to clear the misunderstanding. “Grandpa, please believe me. I knew what happened – the four guys didn’t rape me.” 
“But the doctor claimed that your body had signs of being sexually assaulted after a full examination.” Mr. Norton was confused by Vivian’s words. What actually happened? 
“Why would the doctor say that?” Vivian questioned while she furrowed her brows as she could not understand. 
Why would the doctor lie about such a thing? 
At that, Mr. Norton let out a deep sigh and explained earnestly, “Vivian, there’s no reason for the doctor to lie. You may have forgotten about it, so please listen to me and abort the child.” 
“Grandpa, I swear I did not forget anything. Please believe me.” The more Vivian tried to explain, the more confusing it got. 
No wonder Finnick avoided getting intimate with me recently. Did he think that I was raped by those four beggars as well? 
That must be the case! He must have been the one who told grandpa about it. 
But he wasn’t even there! So why was he so certain that I got raped? Also, why did the doctor tell him that? 
As Vivian recalled the incident once again, she was reminded of someone who might be the cause of all the confusion… Evelyn! 
She recalled that Finnick told her that it was Evelyn and Benedict who had saved her. Afraid that Finnick would not believe her words, she kept it to herself that Evelyn was, in fact, the one who had
kidnapped her. 
Evelyn must have bribed the doctor to give Finnick a false statement. Her motive was clearly to break our relationship. 
At that moment, Vivian was filled with hatred towards Evelyn. After the unexpected appearance of Benedict, Evelyn actually took the chance to plant a thorn in Finnick’s heart. A thorn so deep that it would tear the relationship between Finnick and Vivian apart. 
At that moment, Vivian had decided not to let Finnick misunderstand the situation any further. With that thought in mind, Vivian rushed out of Mr. Norton’s study.
###Chapter 453
Chapter 453 
I must explain clearly to Finnick and clarify that I’m pregnant with his child. No matter what, I can’t let him have any misunderstanding about this matter. 
Samuel was baffled when he noticed that Vivian seemed to be lost in thought. A while ago, she pleaded for him to trust her, emphasizing that she was telling the truth. Before he could ask her further about what had actually happened at that time, she turned and dashed toward the door. 
“Vivian!” Samuel called out to her, yet she did not hear him at all. In a twinkling of an eye, she had descended the staircase and reached the ground floor. 
Once Vivian was out of the house, she stopped a taxi hastily by the roadside and hopped into it. She urged the taxi driver to speed off after mentioning the address of Finnor Group. 
Along the way, indecipherable uneasiness crept into Vivian gradually. How should I explain to Finnick about this matter? Will he choose to trust me? Will he share the same thought as grandpa that I’ve forgotten about what had happened at that time? 
When Vivian reached Finnor Group, she headed straight for Finnick’s office without greeting the receptionist at the front desk. 
The receptionist did not stop her, knowing that she was Finnick’s wife. However, she wondered why Vivian headed toward Finnick’s office in such a hurry. She had obviously cried a while ago. Her eyes were red and there was still the residue of tears on her face. Has she quarrelled with the president? 
She looked at the phone in front of her hesitantly and was in a dilemma whether she should give the president a call about it.
Anyway, I better don’t get involved with the boss’ family matters! To play safe, I’d better pretend that I didn’t see anything. 
The moment Vivian reached Finnick’s office, there was no sign of him. Finnick’s secretary told her that he was having a meeting in the meeting room, and requested her to wait for a while. 
“Could you please inform your president that I need to see him now?” Vivian insisted to see Finnick at once. 
The secretary was stunned as Vivian sounded unusually demanding. It never crossed her mind that such a stern look would appear on Vivian’s face, as she was always giving off a vibe of gentleness and demureness. She presumed that Vivian must have an urgent matter. 
“Alright, Mrs. Norton. Please hold on. I’ll inform him now,” the secretary said courteously to Vivian. 
In the meeting room, Finnick was in the midst of listening to the head of department’s daily update. At the sight of his secretary who was approaching him, a small frown creased his forehead. He really disliked being interrupted in the middle of a meeting. 
His secretary lowered her voice and informed him, “Mr. Norton, Mrs. Norton is currently waiting for you in your office. She needs to see you at once on an urgent matter.” 
Instantly, Finnick gestured to the department head to stop and announced, “We’ll continue again in the afternoon. The meeting is adjourned.” 
Right after his announcement, he stood up and strode out of the meeting room. All the heads of departments were dumbfounded and exchanged looks in bewilderment. 
They were stunned when Finnick’s secretary called them for a meeting all of a sudden early in the morning. The moment Finnick stepped into the meeting room with a grim look, they sensed something
amiss. They could only be as tactful as possible and kept their fingers crossed so none of them would infuriate their boss who was like a sleeping volcano that might erupt at any time. 
Everyone expected that this meeting would take hours as Finnick requested all the heads of departments to present their reports one by one. Unexpectedly, he dismissed them out of a sudden again. They were obviously the minor characters for Finnick to unleash his wrath. They wondered if they should be thankful since the meeting was postponed. 
Meanwhile, Finnick had just stepped into his office and closed the door before he turned to look at Vivian. At that very moment, she had made a dart toward him. Grabbing hold of his hands, she looked at him anxiously. “Finnick, I’m expecting our child. I’m telling the truth. You must trust me!” 
Finnick’s expression changed upon hearing her words, yet he still patiently led her to the sofa and took a seat. 
“Vivian, there’re things that I’m unable to explain to you. Can you just listen to me? Let me accompany you to the hospital to abort this baby.” 
“I paid grandpa a visit just now and have a better understanding of the reason from him. Finnick, please trust me. I was not raped so this is really your baby!” Vivian tried her best to explain. 
Finnick’s face fell as he tightened his grips instinctively. After remaining silent for quite a while, he said gently, “Vivian, listen to me. You’ve forgotten about the incident at that time…” 
“I didn’t forget. I remember everything!” Vivian became agitated and cut him off. My instinct is right! Finnick too thought that I have totally forgotten about what had happened at that time! 
“Finnick, I was not raped by the four men. Benedict emerged at the eleventh hour and saved me!” 
“Vivian, there’s something wrong with your memory. At that time…”
###Chapter 454
Chapter 454 
“There’s nothing wrong with my memory! I can remember everything! I’m pretty sure that I was not raped by the four men!” Vivian could not understand why both Mr. Norton and Finnick did not believe her. They insisted that her memory had somehow mixed up. 
“Alright, alright. You were not raped by them.” Finnick tried to appease her by following what she said. 
He recalled how the doctor advised him not to trigger Vivian’s memory on the previous incident. If not, she would be provoked and might end up having an emotional breakdown because of that. 
“You’re willing to trust me now?” Vivian’s face lit up. Looks like Finnick still trusts me! 
“Vivian, it doesn’t matter. My love for you will not change,” Finnick tried to sound as gentle as possible as he consoled her. 
“Please listen to me. Let’s abort the baby. We can have our own child again in the future. I promise that I’ll shower our child with all my love. We’ll have a happy and complete family. I’ll…” Finnick tried to coax her again. 
“You still don’t believe me!” Vivian pushed Finnick away and burst out crying, “Why don’t you trust my words? I was really not raped by anyone at that time. Benedict was there just in time to save me!” 
Finnick’s heart ached at the sight of Vivian’s tears and sorrowful eyes. A sense of weariness crept into his heart. He wanted to trust Vivian’s words too. Nobody could understand how much he wished that Vivian had never encountered the terrible incident. 
Yet, the video from Mark as well as what both the doctor and Evelyn told him was concrete evidence of the misfortune that had befallen Vivian.
“Vivian, I’m willing to trust you. You must also trust me that I’ll never leave you no matter what happened,” Finnick emphasized and tried to embrace Vivian in order to calm her down. He still felt that Vivian was worried about being abandoned by him, so she insisted that she was not raped by the men. 
Rage surged within Vivian, accompanied by a sense of helplessness. Finnick says that he trusts me, yet he still thinks that I was raped by the men! 
Does he really trust Evelyn so much? It seems he never doubts every single word of hers. 
Tears flowed out of Vivian’s red-rimmed eyes again. Pushing Finnick away, she wailed, “You’re not being honest with me. If you really don’t mind, why haven’t you touched me in the past few days?” 
Finnick was sure that his presumption was right upon hearing her words. Vivian was worried that he would abandon her just because of what she had gone through. 
The sight of her tears caused his heart to feel a twitch again. He tried to wipe off her tears as he explained gently, “Vivian, don’t blame yourself for anything. Don’t think so much too. I’ll never leave you because of this incident. I didn’t touch you all this while because I… I…” 
Finnick did not how to explain further to Vivian. He was actually having a phobia after the previous incident. Every time he looked at her, he could not resist blaming himself for not being able to protect her well, causing her to end up in such a miserable state. 
“Why are you suddenly lost for words? You really mind that, after all?” Vivian was in despair when Finnick started to stammer. It seemed Evelyn’s plot had turned into a success. 
“These are all Evelyn’s schemes. She deliberately misleads you so you’ll end up having a misunderstanding with me! Why don’t you trust me? You’d rather trust her and let her scheme turn into a success?” Vivian choked up as more tears rolled down her cheeks.
“Was there any relation between Evelyn and the incident?” Finnick could not understand why Vivian mentioned Evelyn suddenly. 
Vivian asked him, “Let me ask you. Was Evelyn the one who told you that I was raped?” 
Considering that Vivian might have misunderstood that Evelyn had intentionally tried to strain their relationship, so he tried to speak up for Evelyn, “Vivian, Evelyn did not have any bad intention. She actually sympathized with you for what you have gone through, so she told me about what she saw when they came to your rescue. Don’t get me wrong, it’s never her intention to tell me that. She was actually in tears when she described the scene to me.” 
“She’s lying to you! She was just playing mind games and intended to initiate a conflict between us so our relationship will be strained.” There was growing anxiety within Vivian. How can Finnick believe Evelyn’s words?
###Chapter 455
Chapter 455 
“Vivian! You must bear in mind that Evelyn had saved you that time together with Benedict. Instead of being grateful to her for saving you, you are criticizing her and doubting her intention now. How can you be so ungrateful?” There was profound sternness in Finnick’s tone as his face turned grim. 
I truly understand how Vivian is feeling now. But she shouldn’t have wronged anyone. What more Evelyn was the one who rescued her! 
Vivian raised her voice and started to tremble in anxiety. “She’s lying! She’s just putting on a show in front of you! Do you know that she was the one who sent those people to abduct me? It was also her idea to get the four beggars to assault me. She even threatened me that she would share those unsightly pictures of me being assaulted on social media. She’s really a vicious woman!” 
“Enough of all these!” Finnick roared at her in exasperation. “Vivian William, Evelyn was not the only person who told me that you were assaulted by the men. The doctor had performed a check-up for you that time and the result revealed that as well. How can you blame her for everything?” 
“Evelyn must have bribed the doctor in order to convince you that I have been raped.” Vivian was becoming more agitated. “Finnick, please trust me! I’m telling the truth. I was abducted because of Evelyn. She’s a deceitful and ruthless woman. Don’t be blinded by her pretentious look!” 
Finnick’s heart sank and his eyes were filled with great disappointment. He was speechless and could not believe that the unreasonable woman right in front of him was his beloved wife. I really can’t believe she’s my dear Vivian who is always gentle, demure and kind-heartened! It was as if she had turned into a totally different person! 
Considering Vivian the trauma she had gone through recently, Finnick tried to suppress the growing impatience and frustration within himself. He kept telling himself that Vivian was behaving weirdly
because of the great blow on her. What she needed the most at the moment was his consolation. Thus, he had to control his temper by all means and should not raise his voice at her or it might trigger a breakdown. 
He took a deep breath and lowered his voice. “Vivian, Evelyn and I are just friends now. Everything between us was over. Don’t worry, I’ll never leave you because of her. Can you try to cheer up and stop thinking negatively of her?” 
“So you feel that I’m thinking negatively of her?” Vivian gaped in disappointment. It was really out of her expectation that Finnick not only did not trust her words, but also suspected that she was framing Evelyn. 
“It’s impossible that Evelyn was the culprit behind everything.” Finnick started to get impatient again. “I’ve known her since she was a child. I know her well and I trust her. She can’t be the type of person who has a crooked mind.” 
“Since you really trust her, does it mean to say that I’m the one lying to you? You’re really protective of her! You’d rather trust her, and refuse to believe any of my words!” Vivian wailed in grief. 
“It doesn’t mean that I don’t believe your words. I just feel that you’re blinded by jealousy at the moment and tend to lose control. Vivian, can you try to be rational?” Finnick could not help blurting out the words in frustration. In his eyes, Vivian was being unusually adamant at the moment, and he was having a hard time communicating with her. 
Vivian stopped saying anything to defend herself. She just remained silent and gazed at Finnick with her sorrowful eyes which were welled up with tears. Tears trickled down her cheeks as her heart was filled with indecipherable complex emotions. Depression, despair, helplessness and anxiety were crushing her like a series of never-ending waves, suffocating her.
I’m blinded by great jealousy? Vivian could not help snickering within herself. He is my husband, the person whom I’m closest to in this world. So that’s what he’s been thinking of me all this while? 
Vivian’s heart felt cold in an instant. She finally turned and left Finnick’s office in despair. Since he is on Evelyn’s side and refuses to believe me, there is no point in me wasting any more time arguing with him. 
Finnick’s heart skip a beat when Vivian left his office. He was about to stop her from leaving but was overpowered by his pride. Standing as motionless as a statue, he gazed at Vivian till her figure was out of his view. 
He needed some time before the growing anger within himself had worn him down too. Moreover, Vivian’s words had infuriated him. How can she accuse Evelyn without any concrete evidence? Why is she so adamant and refuses to take my words? 
Apart from the indescribable rage, Finnick was feeling depressed at the same time. Vivian claims that I don’t trust her. But does she realize that she herself doesn’t trust me as well? If she trusts me, she won’t keep suspecting that there is something going on between me and Evelyn. 
Vivian was wandering aimlessly on the street after she stepped out of Finnor Group. Now I know the truth as to why Finnick doesn’t want me to keep this baby. He really thinks that I’m not pregnant with his child!
###Chapter 456
Chapter 456 
After a while, Vivian slowed down and sat on a long bench. Lost in her thought, she was overcome by waves of helplessness. 
Since Finnick doesn’t believe what I said, I’m sure he will force me to abort the baby by all means. He would never accept the fact that the baby is his own flesh and blood!What can I do to protect this baby? 
At the same time, Vivian could not help but ask herself questions. It looks like Finnick insists that I should abort the baby because he suspects that it’s not his child. 
If so, why does he refuse to accept my explanation? He is not aware of the possibility that I could be really pregnant with his child? 
It seems Finnick only trusts Evelyn, so he is never suspicious of her! He emphasized that he knows Evelyn well just now. He obviously still has feelings for her. 
Thinking of this, the tears in Vivian’s eyes started to well up again. Nonetheless, she managed to take a deep breath and held back her tears this round. 
Shaking her head hard, she forced herself not to have any wild thoughts again. 
Placing both her palms on her stomach, she swore to herself. I must protect myself and my baby. It doesn’t matter that the father doesn’t want the baby or even divorces me. I will protect my baby well at all costs. Nobody can stop me from bringing my baby to this world! I’ll try my best to raise my baby and shower him with loads of love! 
Vivian told herself to think positively and stay motivated. Vivian William, don’t you worry! There will surely be a way out for you! Don’t give up easily! If it’s fated that I will be a single mother one day, I
must stay strong and have the courage of a lion. I mustn’t cry so easily again. I must pull myself together now for I have to work hard and lead a happy life. If not, how can I take good care of my child? 
Vivian managed to cool herself down again. She wiped off her tears and headed toward the hospital to pay Rachel a visit. 
I wonder how her condition is now. I must grab the chance to ask her about her biological daughter’s whereabouts. I’m really worried that her condition might deteriorate at any time. 
However, there was no sign of Rachel when she reached her ward. She sat on the bed and waited for her, thinking that she might have gone to the washroom. 
Vivian waited for quite a long time before the door of the ward was opened again. To her surprise, a nurse walked in hastily instead of Rachel. 
She asked Vivian nervously, “Are you Rachel William’s daughter?” 
“Yeah, I’m her daughter. Is there anything?” Vivian stood up and asked instantly. 
The nurse replied helplessly, “We’ve been looking for your mother. We don’t know where she is now.” 
“Huh?” Vivian’s expression changed. “You don’t know where she is now? What actually happened?” 
“When we were making our usual rounds this morning, we discovered that your mother was not in her room. Since then, everyone has been looking for her, but to no avail. We’re about to give u a call to inform you about it. Can you try to call her now to see if she is anywhere near the hospital?” 
Vivian gave Rachel a call at once. 
Mom, please answer the phone. Don’t scare me. Where are you now? Vivian started to mumble restlessly when her mother still did not answer the call.
Where can she go? She’s not familiar with this area at all. Vivian tried hard to think of the places that her mother would go, yet she did not have any clue. 
All of a sudden, something came into Vivian’s mind. Ah! I can trace her current location via the GPS of her phone! 
Vivian immediately clicked on her phone to search for Rachel’s current location. She was dumbfounded the moment she saw the location displayed on the phone. 
Rachel was somewhere near the Morrison residence at the moment! 
Vivian had been there previously with Finnick in order to hide themselves from the reporters on Evelyn’s death anniversary. Therefore, she could still recall the exact location of the residence. 
Why did Mom go there? 
Without wasting time, Vivian dashed out of the hospital and took a taxi to the Morrison residence. 
The moment she reached the Morrison residence, she saw Rachel at the main gate. She was having a conversation with Evelyn. However, Evelyn was obviously feeling displeased as there was a grim look on her face. She was treating Rachel with utter indifference. 
“Ms. Rachel, I guess there’s no need for you to enter the house. I don’t have much time. Can you go straight to the point?” Evelyn said impatiently without having any eye contact with Rachel. Crossing her arms, she knitted her brows and pretended that she was not aware of her affectionate gaze.
###Chapter 457
Chapter 457 
My goodness! Who does she think she is? I was just putting on a show previously to get close to her to give Vivian a blow. Yet, she dares to come here and look for me! She must have thought that I was being sincere with her then! 
“Evelyn, how are things going on with you lately?” Rachel still asked Evelyn with great concern despite the profound coldness in her tone. 
“Quite good.” Evelyn twitched her lips and replied coldly. 
Rachel replied smilingly, “I’m glad to hear that you’re fine.” 
Evelyn did not say anything, yet she glanced at her quizzically. 
Looking intently at Evelyn, Rachel’s smile widened as she complimented her, “Evelyn, you’re a sweet girl since young. When you were still a little girl, you looked exactly like a delicate doll that caught everyone’s attention. You’ve now grown up into a gorgeous young lady. It is really a great blessing for the person who will win your heart and spend the rest of his lifetime with you.” 
Rachel’s eyes were glistening with tears. Looks like I won’t live long till my Evelyn gets married then. I can only grab every single moment now that I can be with her. 
Almost everyone, especially ladies enjoyed being flattered on their beauty. Evelyn’s face softened a bit upon hearing Rachel’s compliments. 
Nonetheless, her face darkened again when Vivian’s face flashed across her mind. She looked at Rachel with disdain in her eyes. Hmph! If it’s not because of your daughter, I would have already been married to Finnick!
She didn’t feel like seeing anyone related to Vivian anymore and was about to ask Rachel to leave. Out of a sudden, there was a gust of strong wind. The dried leaves on the ground were blown toward Evelyn. 
Some of the leaves landed on her blouse, leaving some stains of mud on it. Coincidentally, she was wearing a white blouse today. As a result, the stains were really obvious against the pure white blouse. 
Evelyn brushed the leaves away from her blouse in frustration. Her frown deepened into a scowl as she grumbled, “What kind of strange wind this is! My favorite blouse is stained!” 
Rachel raised her hand instantly, thinking of helping Evelyn to get rid of the stain on her blouse. However, she turned away swiftly to duck her hand. 
At the sight of Rachel’s rough palms and dry skin, there were disdain and dismay in her eyes. 
“What are you doing! This blouse is made of pure silk. It’s a limited edition of my favorite brand. Your palms are too rough and they will surely leave ugly scratches on it!” 
Rachel immediately withdrew her hands and apologized to her in embarrassment, “Oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t know that this blouse is so expensive. I was just trying to get rid of the dust from it.” 
“Don’t bother about that. I can just send it to the dry cleaner. They will know how to handle it with care.” Evelyn could not help muttering silently in her heart as she asked impatiently, “Actually, why are you here? Do you want to see me for anything?” 
“Actually nothing. I just miss you as it has been quite a long time since I last met you. That’s why I feel like paying you a visit and have a chat with you,” Rachel replied gently and gazed lovingly at her. 
Rachel just replied casually, “Oh! If there’s nothing else, can you leave now? I’m running out of time as I need to go out later.”
A sense of disappointment flashed across Rachel’s face. However, she still forced a smile and said, “Just go ahead with your plan. Don’t let me hold you back.” 
“Alright, I will go in first.” Evelyn turned and walked toward the house. 
“Evelyn, please give me a moment!” Rachel was initially thinking of holding Evelyn’s hand. Nevertheless, she changed her mind as she thought of something and moved hurriedly in front of Evelyn to stop her. 
Rolling her eyes, Evelyn asked in great displeasure, “Anything else?” 
“Evelyn, actually I just feel like asking if you can take some time to drop by my house for a meal. I’ll prepare your favorite dish for you.” Rachel said warily and looked at Evelyn with her begging eyes. 
“I’m quite occupied lately so I can’t make the time,” Rachel replied coldly and continued to walk toward her house. 
Rachel stopped her and persuaded her again, “Evelyn, I really hope that you can allocate time to drop by my house. I still remember that you used to like my omelette so much. You haven’t tasted it for quite a long time, right? Let me prepare it for you once again.”
###Chapter 458
Chapter 458 
“Alright, alright, I know,” Evelyn replied in a cursory manner. “I will drop by when I’m . Can you go now?” 
When she heard Evelyn agree, Rachel let out a satisfied smile before stepping aside. “I’ll leave at once. I won’t take up anymore of your time.” 
Without looking at Rachel, Evelyn stormed into the house and muttered softly, “She’s so annoying. Who does she think she is?” 
After watching Evelyn enter the house, Rachel left the Morrison residence reluctantly. 
Meanwhile, Vivian who had seen everything didn’t call out to Rachel. Instead, she watched her silhouette leave with mixed emotions. 
The sight of Rachel speaking to Evelyn in an obsequious manner upset Vivian. Furthermore, she was confused by Rachel’s actions. 
Rachel seemed to be extremely concerned with Evelyn. 
Vivian remembered how Rachel ignored her own health just to attend Evelyn’s death anniversary. In fact, she even slapped Vivian twice over Evelyn. 
Before this, she never gave it much thought as she assumed her mom was closer to Evelyn because she had taken care of her since she was young. 
However, now that she found out she wasn’t Rachel’s biological daughter, all this no longer made sense to her. The way her mom showed concern for Evelyn had exceeded that of an employer and nanny.
Unless… Vivian was shocked by the idea that flashed across her mind. It’s highly unlikely. However, nothing doesn’t make sense at all. 
“What are you doing?” While Vivian was deep in her own thoughts, a voice suddenly rang out behind, jolting her. 
Turning around, she realized it was Benedict. 
Patting her own chest, she heaved a sigh of relief. “You gave me a fright.” 
Curious, Benedict looked in the same direction Vivian was looking just now but didn’t see anything. Turning his attention back to Vivian’s expression, he found it to be adorable. Smiling, he repeated his question, “What are you doing here?” 
When she realized Rachel was already gone, Vivian’s mind was put at ease. Or else, she wouldn’t even know how to explain the matter to Benedict. 
“I’m here to see you.” Vivian found a random excuse. 
Benedict was puzzled by her response, “You are looking for me? What is it about?” 
“Nothing in particular. I just happened to pass by.” Vivian anxiously beefed up a story. “I wanted to see if you were home so I can go in for a chat with you.” 
“Is that so?” When he noticed Vivian averting his gaze and shifting her eyes around, he doubted the authenticity of her words. 
However, he didn’t give it much thought as he believed that there was no malice intended. 
For some inexplicable reason, he felt that there was some familial connection between them. Every time he saw her, he would tousle her head and try to cheer her up. Whenever he elicited a smile from
her, he would also feel equally joyous. 
Nevertheless, Benedict was cognizant that the feelings were not romantic at all. Instead, he felt as if she was like… family. He had the urge to protect her from harm and wished for her to always be happy. Naturally, he enjoyed watching her smile all the time. Also, he never felt any sense of possessiveness that usually came from romantic feelings. 
“Mmm-hmm, of course,” Vivian replied at once. “I didn’t expect to bump into you here as I was wondering if I should go in and look for you. Do you have some time now?” 
“Sure, I do.” Benedict nodded. 
“Why don’t we go to a café for some coffee?” Vivian wanted to use the opportunity to ask about Rachel and Evelyn, and what she did at the Morrison residence. Benedict would likely know about it. 
“Alright,” Benedict readily agreed. “Which one do you want to go to?” 
“Anyone is fine. You decide.” Vivian seldom went to cafés, hence she was hardly familiar with them. 
Nodding in agreement, Benedict headed to where he parked his car while Vivian followed behind him. After Vivian got into the car, Benedict brought her to a café that he frequented.
###Chapter 459
Chapter 459 
Having each ordered a coffee, they chatted about the latest developments in their lives. 
“How is Ms. Rachel’s health?” Just when Vivian didn’t know how to broach the topic about Rachel and Evelyn, Benedict brought it up first. 
“My mom is in good shape.” After giving it some thought, Vivian decided not to tell Benedict about Rachel’s leukemia. “It’s just that she has recently complained about not having seen your sister in a long time.” 
“Is that so?” Benedict chuckled. “She always has a soft spot for Evelyn since a long time ago. When I have the time, I’ll take Evelyn to the hospital to visit Ms. Rachel.” 
“Thank you.” Vivian raised her head and smiled. 
Stirring her coffee gently, she pretended to casually ask, “I really feel my mom adores your sister. When she was working at the Morrison residence, was she always especially nice to Evelyn?” 
“Mmm-hmm,” Benedict nodded. “Ms. Rachel had always loved and taken great care of Evelyn since she was little. In fact, the reason your mom worked as a nanny in my house was because of Evelyn.” 
“How so?” Vivian asked with an anxious expression. 
When he noticed the concerned look on Vivian’s face, Benedict couldn’t help but get suspicious. But he assumed that she was just being curious and continued to explain, “When Evelyn was born, she was kidnapped from the maternity ward. At that time, my family was in a panic as we were not able to find her.”
He continued, “Later on, Ms. Rachel brought Evelyn back and my parents were extremely grateful. They wanted to reward her with a large sum of money but she refused. There was nothing my family could do to convince here otherwise.” 
He added, “A few years later, she suddenly came to our house when we were looking to hire a nanny. My family recognized her and wanted to give her the reward money again now that she had fallen on hard times. However, she still refused it saying that she had rescued Evelyn by accident. If we really wanted to thank her, we should just hire her as the nanny.” 
Benedict continued, “My family had no choice but to agree. Given that she seemed to be tied to Evelyn by fate, they decided to let Ms. Rachel care for her. In other words, you can say that Evelyn was raised by Ms. Rachel.” When he finished, Benedict raised his coffee mug and took a sip. 
Having heard the story, Vivian was confused as to how did Rachel manage to save Evelyn. 
“Did my mom ever mention how has she saved your sister?” Vivian asked curiously. 
“Hmm.” Pondering in silence, Benedict tried to recall what happened then. However, nothing came to mind. 
“I’m not really sure as I was too young back then. That’s why I barely can remember what happened. In fact, my parents told me everything I know. They said that Ms. Rachel is Evelyn’s savior and we owe her a debt of gratitude. That’s why we must respect her and treat her as a family elder instead of a servant.” 
“I see.” Vivian nodded thoughtfully before asking, “In that case, did your family investigate who abducted your sister?”
“Of course, we did. It was just that the investigations yielded nothing. They weren’t able to find out anything about the kidnapper.” Benedict frowned. “Later on, we didn’t pursue the matter any further as Evelyn had returned safe and sound. And that was all there was to it.” 
Benedict’s words caused Vivian’s suspicions to intensify. How did Rachel coincidentally save Evelyn then? It would be unlikely for a woman like her to face the kidnappers alone and save the child. This doesn’t make any sense at all. 
Furthermore, given how powerful the Morrison family is, how could they not find the kidnappers then? Unless, the kidnapping didn’t occur at all. 
The more she thought about it the more shocked Vivian was. She was surprised that Benedict’s explanation didn’t lay her doubts to rest. Instead, they seemed to have confirmed her suspicions. 
Taking a sip of coffee, Vivian tried to suppress the shock she felt before casually asking, “Benedict, is Evelyn’s birthday around the corner?”
###Chapter 460
Chapter 460 
Benedict shook his head and smiled at Vivian. “Evelyn’s birthday is on the twelve of September, so it’s still far off. When we throw her a birthday party then, you will definitely be invited.” 
“Thank you.” Vivian forced a smile at Benedict. However, she felt that something was wrong. Why is Evelyn’s birthday so close to mine? 
Unless… An idea faintly emerged in Vivian’s head. She refused to believe her guess earlier. But now, her thoughts were driving her crazy. 
No, it can’t be. In her mind, Vivian was trying to convince herself that Rachel wouldn’t do something like that. 
As Vivian stared blankly at her coffee mug, her eyes were filled with disbelief. She mumbled softly to herself, “It can’t be. It can’t be…” 
Puzzled by her reaction, Benedict asked, “Are you alright? What can’t be?” 
“Huh?” Benedict’s words jolted Vivian back to her senses. “No, it’s nothing.” 
Raising her head to look at him, Vivian’s eyes were filled with mixed emotions. Is the reason I feel an inexplicable sense of familiarity with Benedict because… She didn’t dare think any further as she tried to maintain her presence of mind. 
“I just remembered I have something important to deal with. I’m sorry to have invited you out but end up leaving early instead,” Vivian remarked in an apologetic manner. 
Benedict smiled as he didn’t mind. “It’s alright. Coincidentally, I have been busy recently and did not have the opportunity to relax. Hence, I have just given myself the day off today.”
“Mmm-hmm.” Vivian was grateful for how considerate he was. “In that case, I’ll take my leave first.” 
“Do you need me to give you a lift?” 
“No, no.” Vivian declined his kind offer immediately. “The place I’m going to is close by. So it’s fine.” 
“Alright.” Benedict didn’t insist. He understood that sometimes good intentions might end up bringing trouble to others. 
After saying goodbye to Benedict, Vivian headed for the library in the city center. 
Vivian was sure that the kidnapping incident that happened to the Morrison family would definitely have been reported in the papers. And the library was the best place to look for it so that she could find out the truth. 
When she arrived at the library, she informed the librarian that she was looking for newspapers from more than twenty years ago. 
The librarian who was advanced in age gave Vivian a curious look. “It’s not going to be easy. It has already been so long and no one has actually kept proper records of them. What do you want them for?” 
“Our magazine is writing an exposé on a particular theme. Therefore, I need to check the old newspapers as part of my research.” Vivian cooked up an excuse. 
The librarian nodded in acknowledgment and had no further questions. She led Vivian to an underground storage room. “There you go. All the old newspapers are stored here and they are labeled by years. Please be my guest.” 
“Thank you.” Vivian replied with a smile.
“No problem. Just be mindful not to mess them up. It’s a pain to reorganize them again,” the librarian nagged once more before leaving. 
Staring at the piles of newspapers in front of her, Vivian had a headache as she didn’t even know where to begin. 
After searching for the whole afternoon, she finally found the article regarding the kidnapping. Smiling, Vivian quickly laid out the paper on the floor and read its contents carefully. 
The report stated that Evelyn was kidnapped from the maternity ward right after she was born. The Morrison family didn’t even get to see her face. After the kidnappers received the ransom, they didn’t return her to the Morrison family. Instead, they dumped the baby and fled. After that, Evelyn was found by a good Samaritan who returned her to the hospital. 
From what Benedict told her, Vivian gathered that the good Samaritan must be Rachel. 
However, the more she read the more she felt something was amiss. Since the Morrison family had not seen Evelyn as a newborn, how did they know the baby Rachel returned to them was theirs? Weren’t they worried about getting the wrong baby?
###Chapter 461
Chapter 461 
Holding that thought, Vivian decided to call Benedict straight. She was anxious to know what happened then. 
“Hello? Vivian, what can I do for you?” As they had just met at noon, Benedict couldn’t guess what Vivian was calling him for. 
No longer probing discreetly, Vivian was direct in her question. “Benedict, I want to know how your family made sure the baby my mom brought back was your sister?” 
“What are you asking this for?” Benedict didn’t understand why Vivian was interested in the matter. 
“Tell me first and then I’ll explain.” 
Sensing the impatience in her tone, Benedict didn’t question further. “The nurse at the hospital said that my sister had a birthmark that looked like a butterfly on her waist. When Ms. Rachel brought the baby back, it also had the same birthmark. That’s how we were sure she was my sister.” 
Vivian’s face turned pale at Benedict’s words. She held onto the phone for a long time without saying a word because she had a butterfly-shaped birthmark on her waist. 
“Vivian, why are you asking all this?” Unable to resist his curiosity, Benedict repeated his question. 
However, Vivian was still reeling from the shock after hearing Benedict’s answer. She had slumped to the ground and threw her phone aside. 
Can it be any more coincidental that Benedict’s sister has the same birthmark as I do?
Vivian could feel the answer emerging in her mind but she was struggling to suppress it, unwilling to accept the truth. No, it definitely isn’t what I think it is. 
“Vivian, are you still there? Hello…” When he didn’t hear a response despite him calling out, Benedict began to worry. 
Checking his phone again, he could still see that the call was still connected. 
“Hello, Vivian, can you hear me? Hello?” Raising his voice, Benedict’s tone became increasingly anxious. 
Jolted back to her senses by Benedict’s voice, Vivian quickly picked up her phone. “Hello, Benedict.” Vivian’s voice was choking and filled with emotional turmoil. If what she thought was true, she and Benedict were actually… 
“Vivian, what happened? Why did you not say anything?” 
“It’s nothing, I…” Her voice choked again. Moving her phone further, Vivian collected herself before speaking again. “Benedict, thank you for telling me all this. I have to go now. We’ll talk again.” 
Before Benedict could respond, Vivian ended the call. She could already feel tears welling up in her eyes. If she continued the conversation, she was afraid that she would burst into tears. 
Benedict was surprised at how abruptly Vivian ended the call. Just a moment ago, he could hear her crying faintly. What’s going on? 
Thinking back about what happened today, Benedict felt that Vivian had been acting strangely. Given her usual disposition, it was unlikely that she would invite him out for coffee. Therefore, she must have been at the Morrison residence for some other reason.
Furthermore, she was focused on trying to find out more about Rachel and Evelyn at the café. He didn’t think too much about it at first. But, when he put the questions into context with what she asked him over the phone, a faint realization began to emerge in his head. 
Does she think there’s something amiss when Rachel saved Evelyn all those years ago? If not, why is she behaving this way? 
Holding that thought, Benedict’s expression became solemn. He quickly picked up his phone and made a call which connected at once. 
“Hello, Mr. Morrison, is there anything you need help with?” The man was a private investigator who was close to Benedict and whom he trusted. Normally, Benedict would get him to investigate whatever he wanted to find out. 
“Can you help me investigate Vivian William? She is the wife of the Finnor Group’s president, Finnick Norton. Find out what’s going on with her recently. I want to know as soon as possible.”
###Chapter 462
Chapter 462 
“Understood, I’ll get right on it.” The man ended the call. 
Holding his phone, Benedict’s heart raced as he could sense that he was on the verge of discovering a terrible truth. 
The private investigator was exceptionally efficient and quickly reported back to Benedict. 
“Mr. Morrison, based on my investigations, I found out that Vivian’s mother has recently been diagnosed with leukemia. When Vivian tried to donate her bone marrow to Rachel, the medical report stated that her bone marrow was incompatible. Therefore, she was unable to treat her mother.” 
“Ms. Rachel has leukemia?” Benedict was shocked by the news. Didn’t Vivian just claim that she was in good health today? It seems she is hiding something. 
“That’s right. Furthermore, the medical report showed that Vivian’s DNA does not matched her mother’s. Consequently, she is not Rachel’s daughter.” 
“What? Is this information reliable?” Benedict was further shocked. If Vivian isn’t Rachel’s daughter, then whose daughter is she? What is her true identity? 
“Absolutely!” 
Having heard the private investigator’s confirmation, Benedict recalled all the questions Vivian had today. Suddenly, he felt even more disconcerted. 
Vivian must definitely be aware that she isn’t Rachel’s daughter. In that case, why is she enquiring about Evelyn’s kidnapping? Is she trying to validate her suspicions?
Benedict, is your sister’s birthday around the corner? 
Did my mom ever mention how she rescued your sister? 
Benedict, how did your family know that the baby my mom returned was your sister? 
One by one, Vivian’s questions flashed through Benedict’s mind. Vivian wouldn’t be interested in all this for no good reason. There must be something amiss with what happened then. 
“Ms. Rachel and Evelyn…” Benedict mumbled softly. Could it be that the baby Ms. Rachel brought back isn’t my sister? 
Holding that thought, Benedict’s eyes flashed with disbelief. 
“Alright, I understand. I’m sure you’re aware of Evelyn’s kidnapping at birth?” Benedict asked the man over the phone in a serious tone. 
“Yes.” 
“Can you reinvestigate the kidnapping and see if you are still able to locate the kidnappers. I suspect there is more to what happened than that meets the eye.” 
“Alright, I understand.” 
“Also, you should focus on the baby that Rachel brought back. Investigate where did she find the baby from.” 
“Sure.” 
After ending the call, Benedict clenched his fists while hoping that the truth wasn’t what he imagined it to be.
Meanwhile, Vivian had returned to the hospital. 
Along the journey from the library to the hospital, Vivian was thinking about the day’s events. Rachel’s attitude toward Evelyn, Evelyn’s rescue by Rachel when she was a baby, how Rachel went to the Morrison residence as a nanny, and Benedict’s mention that his sister had a butterfly birthmark were all the events that whirled in her mind. 
Could Evelyn be Rachel’s biological daughter? Which explains why she refused to tell me where her biological daughter is? Is she worried that what she did then maybe exposed? 
Vivian was reluctant to believe in what appeared to be the truth. However, the facts continued to force her to think along that line. 
Back at the hospital, Vivian saw that Rachel had returned to her ward. She was sitting on her bed crying, and didn’t notice Vivian’s presence. 
Although she had fulfilled one of her wishes after seeing Evelyn today, she also noticed the drastic change in Evelyn’s attitude toward her. 
However, she couldn’t blame Evelyn for it as she was responsible for creating the current circumstance. It was understandable for Evelyn to not feel any attachment to her. After all, she was just a nanny to Evelyn. 
The thought of Evelyn not bothered to look at her caused Rachel’s tears to gush further. Although Evelyn had agreed to visit her home for dinner, Rachel wasn’t sure if she would turn up in the end. Can I see her one last time before I die?
###Chapter 463
Chapter 463 
She had hoped to see Evelyn get married, bear children, and live a happy life. However, all this was obviously out of her reach now. 
“Mom, where did you go today? I couldn’t find you anywhere,” Vivian asked Rachel in a probing manner. However, she didn’t look worried at all. 
When she heard Vivian’s voice, Rachel quickly turned away as she tried to wipe her tears away discreetly. After that, she turned back with a smile. “I didn’t go anywhere. I was just bored so I have decided to take a walk.” 
Not exposing her lie, Vivian looked at Rachel’s eyes and asked, “Mom, why were you crying just now?” 
“Huh? No, I wasn’t.” Rachel quickly lowered her head to rub her eyes. “I just had some sand in my eye. I wasn’t crying for goodness’ sake. Why would I cry all of a sudden?” Rachel forced a smile. However, in Vivian’s eyes, the smile was as fake as it could possibly be. 
Enduring the turmoil in her heart, Vivian held Rachel’s hand. “Mom, can you tell me where your biological daughter is? You cannot delay treatment any further. Or else, you will be putting your life at risk.” 
Rachel couldn’t help but feel infuriated when Vivian insisted on finding out. She retracted her hand and raised her voice, “I told you to stop asking me about it as I won’t tell you. I’ve decided not to treat my illness and my decision is final. It’s my body and it’s none of your business.” 
Staring at Rachel, Vivian couldn’t help but feel aggrieved. Despite how much she cared about Rachel and the fact that she treated her as her own mother, Rachel was angry at her instead.
While at the Morrison residence, Rachel was gentle and all smiling toward Evelyn despite her contemptuous attitude. It looks like there is a big difference in her attitude just because I’m not her biological daughter? 
Unable to bear the jealousy in her heart, Vivian confronted Rachel as she choked in tears, “Mom, you went to the Morrison residence today, didn’t you? Evelyn is your biological daughter, am I right?” 
“What are you babbling about?” Rachel panicked at Vivian’s words and yelled, “I didn’t go to the Morrison residence and how can Evelyn be my daughter? Stop talking nonsense!” 
When she saw Rachel screaming at her but not daring to look her in the eye, Vivian got her answer. Evelyn was indeed Rachel’s biological daughter. 
“Mom, don’t hide it from me anymore. I saw both of you there earlier.” 
“Were you following me?” Rachel finally looked in her direction. However, her gaze was filled with rage. 
Vivian was hurt to realize that was how Rachel thought of her. “I didn’t. I was just so worried about you when I couldn’t find you that I check the GPS location of your phone. When I arrived at the Morrison residence, I saw both of you speaking.” 
When she heard Vivian’s explanation, Rachel’s expression eased a little. “I wasn’t there for any particular reason. Given that I don’t have much time left, I just wanted to talk to Evelyn…” after pausing briefly, she added, “and Benedict to tell them goodbye. I didn’t tell you because I didn’t want you to worry. So, don’t let your imagination run wild.” 
Despite having her lie exposed, Rachel still refused to tell the truth. Devastated and in tears, Vivian sobbed, “Mom, I asked Benedict in the afternoon about Evelyn’s kidnapping and he has told me everything. How did you save Evelyn then? And why did you join the Morrison family as a nanny?”
“Benedict told you all these?” Rachel asked as tears welled up in her eyes. Can it be that I can longer hide what happened back then? 
“Mmm-hmm.” Vivian nodded with conviction as she grabbed onto Rachel. “Mom, stop lying to me. What really happened then? Evelyn is your biological daughter, isn’t she?” 
When she saw Vivian’s tears flowing non-stop, Rachel felt heartbroken. Although Evelyn was her biological daughter, she had raised Vivian herself. Therefore, she was emotionally affected when she saw Vivian asking her about the past in tears.
###Chapter 464
Chapter 464 
“Vivian, I… I… don’t know how to tell you. I’m really sorry…” 
“Mom, just tell me what happened then. Who am I really? Do you plan to hide it from me my entire life?” Vivian pressed on with her questions when she sensed Rachel waver. 
Looking at Vivian, Rachel was filled with guilt. If not for me, Vivian would have lived a life of luxury and needn’t have to suffer together with me. 
I have done this to her. Am I really going to hide the truth from her forever? It really isn’t fair to her. 
“Vivian, I’m sorry for lying to you all these years. I have wronged you!” Rachel was attached to Vivian after having spent so many years together. She hugged Vivian tightly and cried aloud, “Vivian, you have to forgive me.” 
“Mom.” Vivian hugged Rachel back. “I don’t blame you. After all, you are the one who raised me. Why don’t you just tell me what happened back then?” 
“Alright, I won’t hide the truth from you anymore.” Wiping off her tears, Rachel gave Vivian a guilty look and finally explained what happened in detail. 
Back then, Rachel was poor and had to recuperate in her rented home after having just given birth. 
One day, she noticed the faint cries of a baby when she was taking out the trash. Tracing the sound, she came upon a baby lying not far away in a corner. 
“Whose child is this? Who has done this?” Rachel quickly picked the baby up.
She noticed that the baby legs were red from frostbite due to the morning cold. As a new mother, she was heartbroken to see the baby’s condition and cursed whoever was heartless enough to have left the baby by the roadside. 
Carrying the baby in her arms, Rachel waited downstairs for a while but no one came to claim it. Despite asking the surrounding neighbors, no one saw anyone dump the baby. Left without a choice, Rachel brought the baby back home. 
As the baby’s clothes were already wet from the morning dew, Rachel changed them with her own baby clothes as she was worried it would catch a cold. As it was also a newborn, the clothes easily fit. 
“It’s a girl.” As she unwrapped the baby, Rachel noticed that it was just like her own child. 
When she dressed the baby, she noticed a birthmark on her waist. Taking a closer look, Rachel couldn’t help but laugh when she saw it resembled a butterfly. “Even her birthmark looks special. This is no ordinary girl after all.” 
At that moment, the baby girl’s eyes opened and looked at her curiously. When Rachel played with her hand, the baby unexpectedly smiled back at her. 
Checking the baby’s limbs, Rachel noticed that they were all healthy. Besides, the baby didn’t have down syndrome. Rachel couldn’t help but curse at her parents again. They are such irresponsible people. How could they have abandoned such an adorable child? 
Looking at the baby lying on the bed, Rachel felt conflicted. It was already a burden to take care of her own child. Therefore, she couldn’t afford to take in another one. However, she wondered where she should return the baby to.
After giving it some thought, she decided to take the baby to the police station in the afternoon. She felt going to the police was the best choice. Perhaps, the parents lost the baby by accident and didn’t intend to abandon her. 
After deciding, Rachel prepared some milk for it as she figured the baby must be starving. Holding the milk bottle in her hands, the baby began to suckle up, causing Rachel to smile at how adorable it was. 
Having fed the baby, Rachel prepared her own meal and planned to head to the police station once she had finished. 
While she was eating, a news report on the television caught her attention.
###Chapter 465
Chapter 465 
“The daughter belonging to the Morrison Group’s family was kidnapped today. After receiving the ransom, the kidnappers didn’t return the baby. Hence, the baby has yet to be found. According to the parents, the baby has a butterfly-shaped birthmark on its waist. They are appealing to whoever has seen the baby to give them a call. Their contact is…” 
“A butterfly-shaped birthmark.” When she heard the news report, Rachel thought about the baby that she had just found. Doesn’t the child have a butterfly-shaped birthmark too? Could the baby belong to the Morrison family? 
She had heard of the Morrison Group before as it was among the city’s largest conglomerates. She couldn’t believe the fact that the baby she found came from such a prominent background. 
After getting over her shock, Rachel was delighted to have found the baby’s parents. Hence, she decided to send the baby straight to the Morrison Group. She had previously worked as a cleaner nearby. Hence, she knew where their office was located. 
After finishing up her meal, Rachel wanted to take her own daughter to her neighbor for her to be watched over before she left. However, the moment she carried her, a ludicrous thought crossed her mind. 
Taking a good look at her own home, she realized that the paint in her house was already peeling and she had covered them up with newspapers. The kitchen and toilet were exceptionally small while the hall hardly had any space left after the sofa was placed inside. 
Furthermore, she didn’t even own the place. When she thought about the contemptuous look her landlord gave whenever she paid her rental every month, Rachel couldn’t help but wonder, Will my child have a good life if she stays with me?
No, what awaits her is only suffering. But what if she is raised by the Morrison family? If my daughter becomes the Morrison family’s daughter, she will have everything she wishes for and live the life of a princess. 
Rachel’s heart raced furiously the moment the idea popped into her head. That’s right. I cannot let my daughter suffer and I must make sure she has a better life. 
Having made the decision, Rachel examined the birthmark of the baby girl and branded her daughter with a similar one. 
When she heard her daughter crying in excruciating pain during the branding, Rachel was so heartbroken that she had to hold her breath. Tears couldn’t help but stream down her cheeks. 
“Be good, my baby. I am doing this for your own good. I want you to have a better life. Be good and stop crying now,” Rachel coaxed her daughter. 
After a few days when the brand finally healed, Rachel checked to see that it looked similar to the birthmark. With that, she decided to send her daughter to the Morrison family. 
After coaxing the baby she found to sleep, Rachel headed to Morrison Group with her own daughter. When she informed the reception about the purpose of her visit, the baby’s parents rushed over in delight. 
Lifting up its clothes to check, they saw the butterfly-shaped birthmark by her waist. 
“Thank you. We really can’t thank you enough.” The lady of the Morrison family who was also Benedict’s mother held onto Rachel’s hand gratefully. She was greatly relieved to have her daughter back safe and sound. 
Rachel replied awkwardly. “It’s nothing. I found it by coincidence.”
Nevertheless, Benedict’s parents insisted on giving Rachel a huge reward to thank her. However, there was no way Rachel would accept it. After being rejected a few times, Benedict’s parents didn’t force the issue and assumed that they had just met a good Samaritan. 
Back at home, Rachel lay on her bed and cried as she didn’t know when she would be able to see her daughter again. She reiterated to herself. I don’t regret it. At the end of the day, I want my child to have a better life. 
After revealing the truth in detail, Rachel sobbed while apologizing, “Vivian, this is all my fault as I was too selfish then. I am the cause of your suffering. Can you ever forgive me?”
###Chapter 466
Chapter 466 
Vivian was stunned for a long while after hearing Rachel’s story. It seemed that her suspicions were correct and Benedict was indeed her brother. She was a member of the Morrison family while Evelyn was Rachel and Harvey’s daughter. 
It explained why the paternity test showed that she wasn’t Harvey’s daughter and the reason why her bone marrow wasn’t compatible with Rachel. Furthermore, she understood why Rachel refused to reveal where her biological daughter was. Everything made sense now. 
Vivian wasn’t sure how she felt at that moment. She felt like laughing and crying at the same time to have realized that her life had been but a lie. Fate had been playing a cruel trick on her since she was young. 
For a fleeting moment, Vivian felt confused. Who am I then? Where am I supposed to go? Somehow she felt that she was neither the Morrison family’s nor Rachel’s daughter. What am I going to do going forward? 
When Rachel saw Vivian’s ashen expression while staring at her listlessly, she assumed Vivian wasn’t willing to forgive her. “Vivian, I’m sorry. Say something, please? I have wronged you. Hit me if it makes you feel better.” Just as she spoke, Rachel lifted Vivian’s hands to hit herself. 
Jolted back to her senses by Rachel’s action, Vivian quickly retracted her hand. “Mom, what are you doing?” 
“It’s all my fault. I’m not worthy to be your mom. Vivian, I’m sorry. I’m truly sorry…” 
Vivian’s heart melted when she saw Rachel apologizing to her in tears.
Although Rachel had switched her at birth, she still raised her as if she was her own daughter. She couldn’t forget the scene during a cold winter night, Rachel hugged her feet to sleep as they were too poor to own a heater. 
Her memory was filled with similar events. Although she didn’t have a father, Rachel had showered her with more than enough love to make up for it. Therefore, Vivian couldn’t bring herself to blame her. 
With a piece of tissue, Vivian helped Rachel wipe her tears. “Mom, I don’t blame you. No matter what happens, you are the one who has raised me painstakingly. Even though I’m not your biological daughter, you are still my mother.” 
“Really, Vivian? Do you really forgive me?” 
“Mmm-hmm.” Vivian nodded with conviction. “You will always be my mom.” 
A smile finally broke out on Rachel’s face. After spending so many years together, she had long treated Vivian as her own. 
In fact, to compensate for the guilt she felt, she always spent as much as she could on Vivian despite not earning much. 
Therefore, she would have been devastated if Vivian had broken ties with her because of what she did. 
“Thank you, Vivian. Thank you for forgiving me and acknowledging me as your mom still.” 
Vivian reached out to hug Rachel and burst into tears on her shoulders. “Mom, as long as you’re willing, I will always be your daughter. I will take care of you even in your old age.” 
Vivian’s words intensified Rachel’s guilt. This girl is simply too kind. Despite knowing what I did, not only did she forgive me, but also promised to care for me. It’s all my fault to have committed such a
terrible deed against her. 
After crying in each other’s arms, Vivian remembered Rachel’s condition and gently pushed her away. “Mom, let’s stop crying. Your health isn’t great so it’s better not to get too emotional.” 
“Alright, I’ll stop crying.” Rachel wiped the tears off her eyes. When she saw that Vivian had tears in her eyes, she caressed her face with a sympathetic expression. “I’ll stop crying and so should you.” 
“Mmm-hmm.” Vivian grunted in acknowledgment as she wiped her tears clean. 
After getting it off her chest, Vivian felt the distance between her and her mom drew closer now. At this moment, she felt loved again.
###Chapter 467
Chapter 467 
Suddenly, Rachel looked at Vivian as if she had something to say. It was as if something had occurred to her. Sensing her reticence, Vivian asked softly, “Mom, what’s is it? Do you have something to tell me?” 
When Rachel stared at Vivian with a wary gaze and conflicted expression, Vivian became more confused. 
“Vivian, do you plan to tell Benedict about this?” 
Having heard Rachel’s question, Vivian finally understood why she reacted that way earlier. It was totally understandable for Rachel to be concerned as Evelyn was her biological daughter after all. 
However, Vivian didn’t know what to say in response. 
On one hand, Benedict was her brother and her only living family related by blood. However, for the last twenty years and more, Benedict had assumed Evelyn was his sister and loved her to bits. If I tell Benedict the truth, will he be able to accept it? 
Meanwhile, Vivian looked at Rachel who was waiting anxiously for an answer. Although Rachel didn’t say a word, it was obvious to Vivian that she didn’t want her to reveal the truth, so that Evelyn would not lose the luxurious life she was currently enjoying. 
“I… I don’t know.” After hesitating for a moment, Vivian was upfront about her feelings. “I haven’t given it much thought as I have just found out about it.” 
“Mmm-hmm.” Rachel nodded, she knew it wasn’t appropriate to press on the matter. However, a tinge of disappointment flashed across her eyes instead.
As Vivian was aware of what her intentions were, both of them fell into an awkward silence. 
“Mom, you should rest now. I need to go as I have something to attend to.” Vivian broke the silence by taking her leave. 
“Alright, you just go ahead.” Vivian didn’t ask her to stay back any longer. 
“Alright, you should try and get some rest.” Just as she spoke, Vivian helped Rachel lie down and tucked her in. After that, she turned and left the ward. 
Having left the hospital, Vivian began to consider what she should be doing next. 
Although she hadn’t decided if she should tell Benedict the truth, she was sure that Evelyn had to know. Given Rachel’s condition, she had no time to lose. If Evelyn knew that Rachel was her biological mom, she might be willing to donate her bone marrow to her. 
However, Vivian was worried that Evelyn would not believe her. 
Her relationship with Evelyn was in tatters especially after she learned that Evelyn was the one who planned her kidnapping. Every time she saw Evelyn, she would relive the scene where four men tore off her clothes, she had nothing but hatred for her. 
Furthermore, Evelyn was the cause of her currently strained relationship with Finnick. Hence, the last person she wanted to see now was Evelyn. 
However, the thought of Rachel’s condition… Forget it. I’ll just bear with it for Rachel’s sake. I believe Evelyn will not be as cruel as to not save her biological mother. 
Having thought through it, Vivian took a cab to the Morrison residence.
When she arrived, she hesitated for a while at the entrance. But in the end, she steeled herself and pressed the doorbell. Unexpectedly, it was Benedict that came to the door. 
The moment she saw him, Vivian was stunned. 
Although he had given her a sense of inexplicable familiarity and also saved her a few times from danger, she had always treated him as a good friend. 
Now that she knew he was her brother, she didn’t know how to face him. 
Subconsciously, tears welled up in her eyes. Vivian quickly lowered her head and tried to wipe them off discreetly. 
“Vivian, it’s a surprise to see you here.” When he saw Vivian, Benedict somehow felt her sudden appearance was within his expectation. The frequency of meeting Vivian today was unusually high. Given the fact that he was investigating her, Benedict couldn’t help but probe Vivian.
###Chapter 468
Chapter 468 
“I…” Vivian was stumped as she was unable to recover her composure. Collecting herself, Vivian smiled faintly at Benedict, “I’m here to see Evelyn. Is she at home now?” 
Having heard her reason for being there, Benedict assumed that she wanted to see Evelyn over the kidnapping. He felt bad over the incident as the perpetrator was his own sister. 
“Vivian, I’m really sorry for what happened the last time. Evelyn had gone overboard. Can you forgive her just this once? I promise you that I’ll keep an eye on her and not let her harm you again.” 
Although Benedict had his doubts about Evelyn’s identity, he had grown up together with her and didn’t want to see her get into any trouble. 
When Vivian saw how quickly Benedict apologized on Evelyn’s behalf and the concern he had for her in his eyes, she couldn’t help but feel sad. 
Despite appearing like an elegant gentleman, Vivian knew that Benedict was a proud man just like Finnick. After all, they had both grown up in an equally prominent family. 
Therefore, for him to lower himself and apologize on behalf of Evelyn, Vivian knew that he cared a great deal for her. 
Thinking back, she remembered that it was Benedict who saved her after she was kidnapped by Evelyn. Therefore, he knew full well whether she was violated. 
However, given Finnick’s reaction, Vivian surmised that Benedict never explained the situation to him. Furthermore, given that so much had been happening lately, she had forgotten that Benedict could help her prove her innocence.
Perhaps, Benedict isn’t aware that Evelyn has conspired with the doctor to slander me. Also, he might not think that Finnick would have such a reaction, just like I didn’t. In that case, if Benedict is willing to clear the air with Finnick, the misunderstanding between Finnick and I will be resolved. 
With a hopeful attitude, Vivian asked Benedict in a probing manner. “Benedict, are you aware that Evelyn had told Finnick that the four men had violated me?” 
Realizing that Vivian had found out, Benedict felt even more guilty. “Vivian, she…” 
This time, Benedict ran out of excuses to plead for mercy on Evelyn’s behalf. He could imagine the untold damage done toward Vivian and Finnick’s relationship. 
“Vivian, can you just let the matter slide? I will punish Evelyn for what she has done.” Benedict sounded desperate. 
He knows! Vivian couldn’t hide how shock she was. 
Regaining her senses, Vivian smiled wryly to herself. It appears Benedict had chosen to cover up for Evelyn. Perhaps, it’s because Evelyn is family to him while I am just a nobody. 
When she saw the guilty expression he had, Vivian had the sudden urge to reveal the truth to him. Will he stand up or me if he knows I’m his sister? 
After giving it some thought, Vivian suppressed her urge to do so. This isn’t the time to reveal the truth to Benedict. I should prioritize Rachel’s matter instead. 
“Don’t worry, I’m not here to cause Evelyn any trouble.” Vivian’s voice sounded melancholic. “I want to discuss something else with her.” 
“I see.” Benedict was relieved. “Come right in. Evelyn is at home.”
Vivian felt a mix of emotions when she saw Benedict’s reaction. Is he worried that I’ll harm Evelyn? 
After ushering Vivian to a seat at the sofa, Benedict instructed one of the maids, “Go get Evelyn. Tell her someone is here to see her.” 
The maid headed upstairs to get her. 
Taking a seat opposite Vivian, Benedict asked shyly, “How are you feeling? Have your wounds healed?” 
“Mmm-hmm.” Vivian nodded, appreciating Benedict’s concern. “They have more or less healed.”
###Chapter 469
Chapter 469 
“That’s good.” Benedict looked relieved to hear that. 
Just when he wanted to ask Vivian about Rachel’s leukemia, he decided against it when he figured Vivian likely had her reasons for not wanting to tell him. 
Furthermore, she would be furious at him if she knew he had done an investigation on her. 
Just when Benedict wanted to talk about something else, he heard Evelyn’s voice from upstairs, “Ben, who is here to see me?” 
The moment she saw Vivian, Evelyn stopped in her tracks. The smile she had on her face turned into a smirk. 
Hmph! Vivian, how dare you step into the Morrison residence to see me. It seems the lesson I taught you the last time wasn’t enough. 
“Ben, it can’t be her, can it?” Evelyn asked as she sat down beside Benedict, ignoring Vivian’s presence. Since Benedict was aware of the animosity between them, there wasn’t any need to pretend. 
Benedict was infuriated when he saw Evelyn’s attitude. She did not even greet Vivian. “How rude are you? Vivian has something to discuss with you.” 
Squirming her lips without a care, Evelyn gave Vivian a look of disdain. “What do you want with me?” 
“Evelyn!” Benedict couldn’t help but snap at Evelyn’s rude tone. Then, he turned to Vivian. “I’m sorry, Vivian. She is…”
“Ben, why are you apologizing to her? I didn’t do anything wrong!” Evelyn was upset by Benedict’s reaction. 
Sensing Benedict’s anger, Vivian quickly intervened, “It’s nothing, Benedict. I don’t mind.” 
Rolling her eyes, Evelyn tsked at Vivian before muttering, “What’s with the act?” 
“Benedict, I would like to talk to your sister in private. Is it alright for you to give us some space?” Vivian asked Benedict while ignoring Evelyn’s stupid attitude. 
To her, this was considered Evelyn’s usual behavior. In fact, if Evelyn were nice to her, she would suspect that she had a hidden agenda. 
However, she did feel conflicted about the situation. After all, she was still a guest at the Morrison residence. To ask the host to leave didn’t seem appropriate. 
Luckily, Benedict didn’t mind at all. “Sure. You ladies go ahead. I have something to attend to. anyway.” 
Although he was very curious as to what Vivian wanted to discuss with Evelyn, he felt it was inappropriate to stay since Vivian had made clear she wanted it to be private. 
Vivian smiled at Benedict apologetically who smiled back at her, indicating that it was alright. 
After Benedict left, Evelyn no longer had any restraints. She looked at Vivian smugly, “Vivian, I heard that you’re pregnant?” 
“How did you know?” Vivian was shocked as she had only told Finnick and Samuel about it. Even Rachel didn’t know. So, how did Vivian find out? 
“Of course, I pay more attention to your affairs given how much I care about you.” Evelyn sneered as she glowered at Vivian. “Did you think that you did a good job keeping your secret?”
“You had me followed!” Vivian exclaimed in anger when she realized what was going on. 
“So what if I did,” Evelyn replied without hesitation. “Vivian, you only have yourself to blame for being stupid to have only realized it now.” 
“You!” Vivian was so angry she was lost for words. 
“I really don’t understand what Finnick sees in you.” Evelyn continued her insults when she saw that Vivian was stumped despite attempting to counter her. 
Suddenly, Evelyn burst into laughter. “However, it doesn’t matter anymore. I believe he will break up with you very soon.” 
“What do you mean?” Vivian stared at Evelyn warily, wondering what else she was up to. 
“Does Finnick believe the child is his?” Evelyn smirked as she lowered her gaze while fidgeting her nails. 
Having a raw nerve struck, Vivian pointed at Evelyn angrily. “It was all because you conspired with the doctor to concoct a lie saying that I have been violated!”
###Chapter 470
Chapter 470 
“That’s right.” Evelyn didn’t panic at all despite having her scheme exposed. “Furthermore, I told Finnick that when I saw you at the warehouse, all your clothes had been torn away and you looked as if you were raped. You should have seen how angry he was when I told him all that.” 
“Evelyn, how could you!” Vivian could feel anger raging within her when she heard Evelyn’s revelation. “What are you trying to achieve!” 
“I want Finnick to leave you, of course.” With a gaze full of hatred, Evelyn stood up and walked to Vivian’s side. “Vivian, I have warned you earlier on to leave Finnick. However, you refused to listen to me. So everything that has happened to you is your own doing. You shouldn’t blame me for it.” 
Glaring at Evelyn, Vivian felt that she had gone off the rails. How can she feel no remorse after doing something so vicious? 
“Do you think that Finnick will return to your side if I am not around?” 
“Of course.” Evelyn looked at Vivian as if she was an idiot. “Vivian, haven’t you thought about why Finnick believed me instead of you?” 
“Because he still loves me.” Before Vivian responded, Evelyn answered her own question. “Finnick didn’t divorce you because he doesn’t have an excuse to do so. But it no longer matters now as I have created one for him.” 
Returning to her seat on the sofa, Evelyn sneered, “Vivian, do you think Finnick still wants to be together with you after what you have gone through?” 
When Vivian saw Evelyn’s smug expression, she retorted angrily, “What about you? How do you think Finnick will see you once he finds out you have been scheming behind his back all this while?”
After living together with Finnick for so long, Vivian knew his character very well. If he knew that Evelyn had lied to him, he would definitely not let the matter slide. 
“Hahaha…” Evelyn burst into laughter. “Vivian, are you threatening me? How sure are you that Finnick doesn’t know that I’m the one behind all this? Perhaps, he is aware of it all and may be thanking me for trying to get rid of you for him. Do you think Finnick will always be in love with that face of yours?” 
Vivian couldn’t deny that Evelyn had brought her darkest fears out onto the surface. It was something that even she didn’t dare think about. Given how smart Finnick was, it was impossible for him not to have doubted Evelyn. 
When she saw Vivian’s shaken expression, Evelyn knew that she had struck where it hurt most. 
She knew that Vivian wasn’t confident in herself as she had grown up in a poor family. Sometimes, she hardly had to do much. All she needed was to point out the gulf between Vivian and Finnick. That way, Vivian would just back off. 
“You are useless,” Evelyn muttered under her breath. 
“Vivian, only someone of my status is worthy of Finnick. Only I can be of help to him in both his business and his life.” Evelyn gloated. “As for you, you are nothing other than a nanny’s daughter. What makes you think Finnick will stay by your side forever?” 
Vivian gave Evelyn a strange look when she heard those words. In fact, her gaze was even filled with sympathy. If she knows her true identity, I wonder if she will still say the same thing. 
Noticing the look that Vivian was giving her, Evelyn felt a sense of anxiety inexplicably growing from within. Raising her voice, she scowled at Vivian, “Why are you looking at me like that?”
Taking a deep breath, Vivian tried her best to calm herself down. She knew that she wasn’t here for herself as her priority was saving Rachel. 
“I’m not here to argue with you.” Vivian was trying desperately to suppress her anger. 
“Nonsense!” Evelyn snorted. “Why else would you see me for? What do you really want?”
###Chapter 471
Chapter 471 
“What I want is for you to go save your mother,” Vivian stated her intentions plainly. 
Evelyn was a little miffed as she regarded Vivian with wild eyes. “My mom’s already dead, so what the hell are you even talking about?” 
“No, she’s still alive because you’re not even from the Morrisons.” And the bomb was dropped. 
“What sort of joke is this!” Evelyn’s expression was dour. “You’d better stop this nonsense!” 
“It isn’t nonsense. My mother is your actual birth parent,” Vivian said as she looked Evelyn straight in the eye. 
Evelyn curled her lips and scoffed, “Even if you feel that you are not good enough for Finnick, you don’t have to make up something as absurd as this just to spite me. What makes you think I’ll believe you?” 
Vivian guessed as much that Evelyn would not be easily convinced. She hastened to explain herself. “I’m not lying. Rachel William really is your mother. She has leukemia and you are her only blood relation. Only your bone marrow would most likely be a match for hers.” 
Not able to make any sense of this conversation, Evelyn thought Vivian might have lost all rationality after being agitated. 
“You’re insane.” Evelyn rolled her eye at Vivian and left it at that before turned to head upstairs. 
“Wait. You can’t go!” Vivian stood herself in the way. “Have you been kidnapped as a new-born, and was rescued by my mother?” 
“How did you come to know about this?” Evelyn asked warily.
“Benedict was the one who told me about this, and my mother has confirmed it. She said that the little girl she picked up wasn’t you. When she learned later from the news that the Morrison family lost their daughter, she had her own daughter sent to them in the hope that she would be able to have a better future. The Morrison’s child was the one she kept and raised as her own.” 
Vivian related the truth of the past as concisely as she could to Evelyn. 
Evelyn thought the whole thing rather laughable. “So, what you’re insinuating is that you are a Morrison, and I the daughter of Rachel William?” 
“Yes.” Vivian nodded. “This is what my mother had told me herself. You have to believe me.” 
“And why should I?” Evelyn howled. “I’ve really underestimated you before, Vivian William. To think you could come up with a lie like that?” 
“You can go to the hospital and verify this with my mother.” She grew more distressed by the moment and started tugging at Evelyn’s arm. “Come on, let’s go right away!” 
“She is, as you’ve put it, your mother. How am I to know whether the two of you aren’t in on it together?” Evelyn knocked off Vivian’s hand. “Don’t you find yourself hysterical?” 
“You don’t have to believe what I say. A DNA paternity test at the hospital will put this argument to rest.” 
Vivian’s anxiety did seem genuine and she appeared sure of herself. Evelyn was unnerved by the prospect that she might not actually be a Morrison. 
She shook her head and tried to cast those thoughts aside. Having lived so many years with the Morrisons, how could it be that she was not one of them?
“Don’t think for a minute that you got me there.” Evelyn reverted to her previously overbearing tone as she lashed out at Vivian. “Why are you telling me this? What are you really after?” 
Vivian staggered from the push and almost bowled over. But that was the least of her worries. 
“I have no ulterior motive. Your own mother’s sick and she needs a matching donor. You are her sole blood relation and the only person who could save her.” 
“Oh, so you’re trying to trick me into saving your mother, is that it?” Evelyn seemed to have come to some sort of epiphany. She felt relieved, convinced of her own take on events.
###Chapter 472
Chapter 472 
“I do want you to save my mother, but I wasn’t lying!” Vivian racked her brains as to how to get Evelyn to believe her. 
Of course, the birthmark! Vivian recalled that it was precisely that which led the Morrisons to believe that the baby Rachel brought to them was theirs. 
“Do you have a butterfly-shaped birthmark on your waist?” Vivian asked. 
“I don’t suppose that this was something your mother told you as well,” Evelyn sounded markedly calmer as she spoke with arms akimbo. “Now, it’s about the birthmark, huh. Get to the point.” 
“Look.” Vivian did not elaborate much as she lifted her own top to reveal the birthmark on her own hip. 
“Why do you also have one?” Evelyn said in astonishment after she had a closer view of it. 
“I had this from birth. The one you have was branded onto you by my mother. I think you ought to believe me now.” 
Evelyn was stunned. Everything could have been fabricated, but this birthmark was something else. 
It was pointed out to her on one occasion when she was being bathed by her mother as a little girl. “This is my baby’s lucky butterfly. I wouldn’t have been able to get you back without it.” 
The sight of a similar birthmark on Vivian had her reconsidering the certainty in Vivian’s demeanor. Evelyn began to buy into the possibility that she might really not be a Morrison. 
The very notion of that made her furious with Vivian. Her eyes burned as she regarded her counterpart.
As if it was not enough that Vivian stole the love of her life from her, she was now going to rob her of brother and her identity as the young lady of the house from her as well. 
No way was she going to let her get away with this. She was a Morrison, not the daughter of some housemaid. Vivian must be lying to me She must be. 
Evelyn masked the panic she felt inside and hollered at Vivian. “Do you think you’re going to fool me with that? Maybe the one you have on you is the fake.” 
That outburst proved to be cathartic for her. Right, that had to be. Rachel had seen her birthmark. Who was to say she could not have Vivian somehow create something similar on herself. 
This deceitful mother and daughter pair must be in it for the Morrison’s wealth. She was not going to let this detestable duo off easy. 
Amidst her own mental contortions, Evelyn finally found a way to rationalize her self-delusion. 
“Your birth mother is waiting for you to save her life, Evelyn. You can’t possibly ignore this!” Vivian shouted in exasperation upon seeing that Evelyn could not be persuaded. 
“Ridiculous. My mother has already passed on.” Evelyn then hustled Vivian toward the door. “Shut up and leave before I have someone kick you out!” 
“Listen to me, Evelyn. Your mother’s condition is dire, you have to…” Vivian put up a struggle as she was determined to have Evelyn brought to the hospital. 
“Out! Get out!” Evelyn would have none of it. The ferocity of her bellows was matched by that of her adrenaline-fueled strength. It took only a few shoves before Vivian was out of the door. 
“Please, Evelyn…”
The door slammed resoundingly shut in Vivian’s face and cut her off. 
“Open up, Evelyn.” Vivian thumped upon the door. “Please hear me out. Your mother is really very sick. You can’t refuse to help.” 
Vivian kept at the buzzer even when no one responded. She must bring Evelyn around somehow as that was the only way by which she could save Rachel.
###Chapter 473
Chapter 473 
“Come with me to get tested, Evelyn. Everything will be made clear once you see the results. Please come out…” 
Evelyn was seated on her bed in her own room. The ceaseless buzzing, coupled with Vivian’s shrieking, irked her to no end. 
Her mood was severe when she summoned the helper. “Get rid of the woman outside. If I still hear her later, you can start looking for a new job!” 
“Yes, Miss,” The helper replied before she hurried downstairs. 
“Open up, Evelyn. I want to talk to you.” Vivian was still shouting from the other side when the door suddenly swung open. 
She tried to squeeze through but was blocked by the helper. “Stop this, Miss. It would be best if you just leave.” 
“Please, Ma’am. You have to let me in. I’ve an important matter which I must discuss with Evelyn,” Vivian remonstrated. 
“Miss has already stated that I would be fired if you continue to linger here. Please do not make things difficult for me. I beg of you. Leave, or I’ll have no choice but to call for security.” 
The helper’s sorrowful expression put Vivian in a dilemma, as she did not want to cause someone else to lose her livelihood. She slowly backed away from the door before she reluctantly turned to leave. 
Evelyn watched this from the windows. Her nails dug into her own palms as she glared.
Why must you always be in my way, Vivian? Now you even have the gall to say that I am not a Morrison? I’ll never let you off for this! 
Deep down, Evelyn was already convinced of what Vivian told her. That was precisely what made her abhor Vivian even more. If not for her, this would forever be kept secret, and she would always be scion of the Morrisons. 
She now understood why Rachel treated her so well since young. Even if she were to regard Rachel coldly, Rachel would not cower and fear approaching her as the rest of the helpers would. Conversely, she continued to treat her kindly in return. 
That only made her dislike the woman more. Who did she think she was to behave so intimately towards her? Rachel William was nothing more than another helper to her. In Evelyn’s esteem, the only reason Rachel was treated well by the Morrison family was because she had once saved her. Evelyn thought Rachel should be grateful to her for that instead. 
When Evelyn found out that Rachel was her biological mother, her dislike turned into hatred. She thought that since Rachel wanted a good life for her, she should have taken her secret to the grave. She was upset at Rachel for revealing it to Vivian. 
Leukemia? Hmph! Evelyn recalled what Vivian said. 
“No way am I going to save you. Better that you die, and the truth dies with you.” Evelyn gripped the corner of the curtain and swore under her breath with viciousness in her eyes. “And Vivian too. This time, I shall show her no mercy!” 
No one knew what wicked scheme she hatched next as Evelyn’s lips curled into a smirk. She picked up her cell phone and dialed a number.
The call got through in no time at all. “I need you to take care of someone for me…” 
After she left the Morrison residence, Vivian wandered on the streets, at a loss for where to go. 
The only mother she knew had told her that they were not related by blood. Then, Benedict, a brother who she was not able to acknowledge as yet. Without sufficient evidence, she was afraid that even Benedict himself would not believe what she said. And Finnick too. With the tenuous state of their relationship at present, the future of their marriage was up in the air. 
The thought of these wrenched at her heart. Tears fell uncontrollably from her eyes. She felt isolated, without anyone to lean on nor pour her heart out to.
###Chapter 474
Chapter 474 
Vivian steeled herself as she touched her own abdomen. The baby which grew inside her was the only thing that could keep her going. She was determined to do everything she could to protect him from harm. 
Even though she did not want to see Finnick right now, Vivian had no choice but to return to the home which was once a source of warmth and comfort for her. 
When she stepped inside the villa, she saw that Finnick was already off work. He was on the couch in the living room with a vacant look on his face, seemingly lost in thought. 
She found it peculiar, as having lived together for so long, he was rarely seen lacking in vigor. However, she was in no mood to speculate what may be on his mind. 
Finnick snapped out of it when movement at the door drew his attention. He turned in its direction to see Vivian there. He jumped onto his feet and looked at Vivian, seemingly unsure of himself. 
After Vivian left, Finnick had gradually regained his composure. He regretted the tone with which he spoke to her earlier. 
Too self-conscious to take the initiative to call her, he got back in early instead. He did not expect that she would return this late. 
When Vivian saw right past him and head straight for the bedroom upstairs, he immediately caught up with her. “You probably haven’t had dinner yet. I’ll have Mrs. Filder warm up some soup for you.” 
Since Finnick took the initiative to extend the olive branch, Vivian could not possibly continue to ignore him. She nodded and said, “Okay.”
Her responsiveness prompted a smile from him. “Wait at the dining table first. I’ll go get you a bowl.” With that, he disappeared into the kitchen. 
Once she settled herself down, Vivian made up her mind to thrash things out with him regarding the child by the end of the day. 
Finnick returned shortly with a bowl of soup cupped carefully between his palms. He had it placed down in front of Vivian before he sat down across from her. “Help yourself to it. Mrs. Filder said that the soup will be very comforting for your digestive tract.” 
“Hmm.” She nodded slightly, appearing a little nonchalant as she was distracted by thoughts about the baby. 
As she lowered her head and ate quietly, Finnick felt a little disconcerted and broke the silence. “Where did you go today? Why were you back so late?” 
“Nowhere in particular. Just to the hospital to accompany Mom.” It was probably not a good time for her to share with him the truth behind Evelyn and her own parentage as she felt he may end up thinking that she was gunning for Evelyn. 
“How’s Mom?” 
“She’s doing okay.” 
He nodded. It was hard to keep the conversation going as he was never one for small talk. The atmosphere in the room fell back into stillness. 
It was only after she finished her soup that she found the courage to lift her head to regard Finnick. “I’ve something to tell you.”
“What is it?” He was keen to hear her out as she appeared quite serious. 
Vivian took a deep breath. “I want to keep the child inside me. If you were to insist that I should opt for an abortion, then we should divorce.” 
Finnick’s temper flared when he heard that and his tone reflected as much. “Can’t you listen to me this once? You can’t keep this child!” 
“Why not?” Vivian similarly became upset. “I’ve told you this morning that I’ve not been violated by anyone. Surely you’re not saying that you want to get rid of our child?” 
When Finnick saw how insistent she was, he had no idea how to convince her to face up to reality. 
If he could, he would rather have her continue to believe that. Devoid of that memory, she would probably not become scarred by it. 
However, she cannot keep this child. If she could not recall that incident, he was afraid that she would never agree to an abortion.
###Chapter 475
Chapter 475 
Since it came down to this, Finnick had to harden himself. “But the doctor had it checked, the results have indeed confirmed that…” 
“I don’t care what the doctor said.” She was emotional when she cut him off. “I want to keep this child. We’ll divorce if we cannot agree on this.” 
Through the row they had in the morning, attempting to explain things to him would be an act of futility. 
In his heart, he had already concluded that the child was not theirs. She had to dig in as she was determined to protect her child no matter what. 
“Listen to me, Vivian…” As he made another attempt to persuade her, he was interrupted once more. 
“That’s enough. I’ve made it clear that if you are not with me on this issue, I’ll be raising this child on my own.” 
There was nothing Finnick could say in response to the resolve he saw in her eyes. 
“Alright. You can keep this baby.” It took some time before he relented. 
“Really?” Vivian grabbed hold of his arm with both hands, still in relative disbelief. 
She did not expect that he would be willing to spare the child despite him believing that it belonged to someone else, as she was mentally prepared to divorce from him if it came down to it. 
Finnick nodded, solemnly and silently. He spoke no more. That answer took every ounce of energy out of him. He had no wish to repeat that for the rest of his life.
He had never thought that he might one day give in this much to any woman. What choice did he have, unless he really meant to divorce from Vivian? 
Just hearing that suggestion from her left him feeling unbearable. When he imagined a life without Vivian, he was swallowed by trepidation. 
He feared not being able to wake up to her everyday; Feared that she would be out of his life; Feared that she would treat him as though he was a stranger; Feared that he might never be able to find another excuse to touch her… hence he had no choice but to agree. 
Forget it. He thought. Even if the unborn baby was not his, it was still hers. All he could do was to try and love the child as best as he could, and pretend that nothing ever happened. 
As he loved Vivian, this was what he must come to terms with. 
When Vivian received affirmation, she was so touched that she hugged the man tightly. “Thank you, Finnick. Thank you…” 
All the anger and resentment she harbored toward him before dissipated in that instant. She had never thought that for her sake, he could be tolerant to this extent. 
Finnick truly loved her. Once more, the doubts that she had for herself were proven unwarranted. He would not have been able to give in this much otherwise. 
With tears welling, her voice was filled with gratitude, “You have to believe me, Finnick. The baby that I’m carrying is ours. You’ll not come to regret this decision in time.” 
Vivian swore to herself that she would find proof of Evelyn’s slander. When she did, Finnick would be convinced of her innocence and the baby’s parentage.
Even if she could not, she could persuade him to go for paternity test. With the facts laid bare, he should be able to set his mind at ease. 
Finnick could only eke out a bitter smile. He was no longer concerned about whether the child was theirs, only that he must keep his promise to Vivian. Though he could not be sure whether he would ultimately be able to treat the child as his own, he would not seek to mistreat it. That was the best he could do. 
Finnick withdrew his arm to wrap her snugly in his embrace. He then whispered in her ear, “Let’s not ever discuss divorce again.”
###Chapter 476
Chapter 476 
When she heard the trembling in his inflection, it wrenched her own heart. Was he frightened by what she said? She realized then how much he did not want to part from her. 
“Okay.” Vivian nodded as he held her in his arms. Her tears left a stain upon his shirt. Vivian felt the sense of bliss that she had been missing for a while. 
“Today, I…” Vivian nudged and created some space with the intention of telling Finnick about her parentage, but the anguish on his face led her to pause. 
“What is it?” he asked. 
“It’s nothing.” She shook her head before she pulled him back in. 
She expected that Finnick may not be able to accept that Evelyn had set her up at the moment, and it might be difficult to predict how he might take it. 
It was hard enough for them to arrive at this point, so she did not want to get into another quarrel with him because of Evelyn. She supposed that this could wait. 
Finnick did not press her on it either. He merely held her close and quietly basked in the tenderness that had eluded them for the longest time. 
A few days had slipped by since. 
Finnick and Vivian were able to get on amicably during this period. Even though he did not seem completely himself, he had not mentioned anything about aborting the baby, nor had they any further disagreements over that issue.
Vivian was moved by his steadfast acceptance. It also bolstered her resolve. She was committed to vindicating herself, as this was the only way Finnick would be able to fully accept and love this child. 
This baby was what the both of them longed for, and deserved the best of everything. There was no way Vivian was going to let the child be born into this world deprived of fatherly love. 
Vivian requested to go to the hospital to get examined this particular day. As she had not had her body checked since she was aware of her pregnancy, she was a little concerned for the baby’s condition. 
To be honest, Finnick felt no small measure of discomfort when he heard that. As conflicted as he might be, he was not about to let Vivian go for the prenatal check-ups by herself. 
Vivian was heartened to see Finnick willing to make arrangements and accompany her personally in spite of his own struggles. 
“It’s done. The doctor will see us at two in the afternoon,” he said as he hung up. “We’ll head over to the hospital together after I get off work.” 
“I can go by myself if you have something to attend to.” As much as she would like for his company, she was concerned about becoming a distraction, as he seemed to have his hands full at the company of late. 
“That’s okay. I can make myself available in the afternoon.” He did not want to let her go alone. “You should rest up. I’m headed to the office.” 
“Alright,” Vivian replied with a smile. 
Finnick planted a kiss upon her forehead before he turned and left the house.
Vivian waited for the hours to pass at home. She was simultaneously anticipatory and a bundle of nerves as this would be her first time doing a prenatal. It was an arduous wait up till an hour past noon. Still, there was no sign of Finnick. 
Just as she was about to ring him up to check in on him, his call reached her first. 
“I’m so sorry, Vivian. There’s an emergency meeting that I must attend, so I may not be able to go to the appointment with you. Would you be alright by yourself?” Finnick said apologetically. 
“You go ahead. I’ll be fine,” she replied. 
“In that case, you be careful.”
###Chapter 477
Chapter 477 
“I’ll do that.” 
Vivian then hung up. Even though the situation was understandable, she could not help but feel a little disappointed. 
After she tidied up a little, she left the house. 
Just as she was awaiting a cab, a car rolled to a stop in front of her. Noah stepped out when the door opened. 
“Noah! What are you doing here?” Vivian asked. 
“Mr. Norton wanted me to send you to the hospital,” he replied. “Shall we, Mrs. Norton?” 
“Oh, alright.” Vivian was buoyant over Finnick’s thoughtfulness. 
En route to the hospital, she noticed that Noah seemed a little distracted. 
“Are you alright? You seem a little off,” she asked. 
“What?” He lifted his eyes to regard her through the rear-view mirror before he quickly averted his gaze. “I’m fine, Mrs. Norton. I guess I must be tired as things have been quite hectic at the office.” 
“I see.” Vivian nodded. Finnick too had been starting early and returning late these past two days. “Please take care not to tire yourself out,” she said. 
“I will. Thank you for your concern.” Noah then quietly turned his attention back to the wheel. His eyes betrayed the disquiet that stirred within him.
When they arrived, Vivian had Noah wait by the entrance before she went in by herself. 
As Vivian had no prior experience, she had no idea what the procedure was for prenatal check-ups and simply named the doctor Finnick contacted to the administrative nurse. 
After going through the records, the nurse ushered her to a room. “Wait here. The doctor will be with you shortly.” 
“Alright. Thank you.” Vivian smiled politely. 
Approximately ten minutes later, a middle-aged male doctor came in and looked Vivian over. “Come with me,” he said before he turned to walk out. 
Vivian had to move fast in order to keep up. This doctor came across to her as a little aloof. She was also under the impression that her attending doctor was supposed to be a lady. The thought of needing to lift her top in front of him later made her feel a little self-conscious. 
The man ahead kept walking. Vivian soon found herself being led to an operation theater. She reached out to stop him. “Aren’t I here for a prenatal, doctor? What are we doing at an operation theatre?” 
“Could you be doing this for the first time?” he replied staidly. 
“Yes.” Vivian nodded. 
“This is what we do, for starters. Just follow my instructions.” He proceeded to bring in a few nurses who helped Vivian change into a hospital gown before they led her to lie in wait on a mobile ward bed. 
Though Vivian had her reservations, she nonetheless did as she was told. 
Before long, she was carted to an operating table. The doctor waiting by the side approached with scalpel in hand. The more she thought about it, the more she sensed something was amiss as she
fought to sit up. “What are you doing?” 
“Mr. Norton wants this baby gone,” The doctor replied without emotion. He had the nurses restrain her and prepared to administer the anesthetic. 
“What!” His words struck her like a bolt of lightning. Did Finnick not arrange for a prenatal? Why would the doctor want to abort the baby? 
A sudden realization made her world fall apart. Finnick had been fooling her all along. Not only had he never accepted this baby, but he had also arranged to have it aborted behind her back! 
She d herself from the nurses’ grasp with all her might and leaped off the bed before she dashed out of the operation theater, bare-footed. Vivian left a trail of tears behind as she took flight. She thought in despair why Finnick could have done this to her. Refusing to believe this, she felt that she must seek him out for an explanation.
###Chapter 478
Chapter 478 
Outside the hospital, Vivian spotted Noah standing away from the car. Without regard for her own appearance, she approached and got ahold of him. “Tell me what’s going on, Noah. Did Finnick really want to get rid of this baby?” 
Noah was shocked when he first saw her burst out of the doors. He avoided meeting her eyes when she questioned him. His gaze was filled with guilt and a certain sense of helplessness. 
“Yes.” That took him some time to say. 
That answer seemed to have sapped all the energy from her. Her hands fell away from him, and her eyes were filled with incredulity. 
“How could this be? How could he lie to me?” Vivian muttered as she wept. “No, I don’t believe it…” 
Vivian’s words were at odds with what she had already acknowledged to be true. Noah was Finnick’s most trusted aide, so his words must reflect Finnick’s intention. 
To think that Finnick’s affections and concern over the past few days were all mere pretenses. That he had this planned out all along. Vivian’s heart felt like it was being rend. 
Her face was awash with tears. She did not understand why there was a need for such cruelty. If Finnick could not tolerate the baby, he could have told her so and they could have amicably parted ways. Why was there a need for this deception? 
“Grab her, quick!” While mired in her sorrow, Vivian heard a series of footsteps coming her way with haste.
When she turned in their direction, she saw those people who were about to operate on her coming out of the hospital in pursuit. 
“Hurry, Noah…” In her anxiety, she grabbed onto Noah, hoping for him to take her away. 
That was when she realized that it was Finnick who had Noah send her here, which meant he would definitely not help. For all she knew, he might even give those people a hand in sending her back to the operating table. 
With that in mind, she relinquished her grip and retreated from him before she made a break for the other side of the street. She must not allow herself to get caught. She would not allow anyone to harm the unborn baby inside of her. 
Noah’s fingers tightened against themselves as he watched her fleeing silhouette, his face consumed by contrite. “I’m sorry, Mrs. Norton. I’m so, so sorry…” 
As he muttered under his breath, the phone in his pocket started vibrating. Contempt washed over his face when he saw what was on the display. 
“How’s it progressing?” A woman’s laid back voice came through the other end. 
“I’ve done as you’ve asked, now let my parents go!” Noah hollered into the phone. 
The voice responded with a chuckle. “Relax. So long as you do what you’re told, you have my word that they’ll come to no harm.” 
“You’d better make sure of that!” 
“Rest assured that I will,” the person replied impatiently before she hung up.
The veins throughout Noah’s body pulsed as he gripped the phone tightly in his hand. Once his parents were safe, he vowed to make the woman pay. 
As this was happening, Vivian sprinted along the street. She was in a state of dishevelment, still dressed in the hospital gown, with no shoes on. The so-called doctors and nurses were hot on her heels. 
She turned the heads of passers-by who engaged in hushed commentary amongst themselves. 
“Could she have escaped from an asylum? 
“What else could she be, being chased by doctors as well.” 
“Shall we call the police?” 
“Forget it. It’s none of our business…” 
….. 
Vivian vaguely overheard what was said, but their opinions were the least of her concerns. The only focus was to keep running. She could not afford to get caught and be sent back to the hospital cause her baby would be surely lost otherwise.
###Chapter 479
Chapter 479 
The very thought of it put wind in her sails and she ran like she had never run before. Vivian had no idea for how long she kept at it, but she seemed to finally lose them. 
Hunched over and taking in deep drawls, she glanced occasionally over her shoulders. It was only after she had ascertained that she had thrown them off that she was finally able to let her guard down. 
As soon as she recovered, Vivian pulled out her phone with intention of calling Finnick to demand he explain why he did what he did. 
Her eyes burned with fury as she dialed his number as she was working through her mind on how she was going to castigate him. He had gone too far, and he should expect no forgiveness from her this time. 
For some reason, no one picked up even after a lengthy wait. Vivian cancelled and retried several times to the same effect. 
Was he avoiding her calls now? Vivian resisted the urge to hurl her phone. When she thought about it, she figured that he must have gone and hidden himself after Noah reported her escape. 
She stood by the road to simmer down before she hailed a cab. 
He had to be home eventually. And when he did, she would be there waiting. This time, she would impress upon him that they would divorce if he could not accept the child. There was no need for him to resort to any more of these despicable means. 
Vivian could not care too much about the injuries on her legs during her escape. She quickly made her way toward the house the minute she arrived, hell bent on confronting him should he be home already.
Never did she expect to find a pair of heels upon opening the door. Those looked awfully familiar. She worked through her memories and recollected having seen Evelyn wearing a pair just like this. 
Is Evelyn in the house? What is she doing here? 
Mystified, Vivian strode right through the doors. The sight that greeted her left her rooted to the spot. 
Is she hallucinating? What was that strewn across the floor? Vivian’s gaze followed the trail created by the stockings, shorts, a blouse amongst other articles of clothing which ended with some women’s undergarments upon the stairs closest to the bedroom. 
Whose clothing are these? Are they Evelyn’s? Where’s Finnick? 
Vivian teetered on her feet as she pondered these questions. The room felt like it was spinning around her and her vision momentarily flirted with darkness. 
Very quickly, she closed her eyes and kept them shut tight for some time while she steadied herself. 
Inside, she prayed that these were just imaginings created when her anger messed with her head. They would disappear as soon as she reopened her eyes. 
That was how she comforted herself before she slowly but surely did. However, nothing has changed. The clothing remained exactly where she found them. 
She felt her body quiver when she raised her head toward the bedroom on the second floor. Could Finnick and Evelyn be convening inside? She refused to consider this but could not stop this notion from festering. 
With great difficulty, she dragged herself toward the bedroom. One step after the other, Vivian had never felt her strides this heavy before.
As she edged closer and closer, she could already hear muffled voices emanating from within. Unwilling to get nearer still, her subconsciousness screamed for her to turn around. She shuddered to picture how she would react should she actually find them in there. 
Her legs were seemingly defiant as it brought her ever closer to the bedroom against her will. 
When she was finally in front of the door, she found it ajar. The sounds of a woman’s sensual moans melded with a man’s husky grunts were picked up by her ears with clarity. 
“Haha… you’re so good, Finnick… Ah.. Ah.. No… Stop it… Finnick…” The woman’s voice pierced like needles upon Vivian’s heart. Was that familiar voice not that of Evelyn’s?
###Chapter 480
Chapter 480 
Vivian felt a loud sound go off, as though something exploded off the top of her head. 
Even a fool could guess as much what was going on. 
But… this is impossible. Definitely impossible! It could not be Finnick. He would never subject her to a betrayal like this! She could not accept this as fact even if she heard it for herself. 
The door to the bedroom was now within arm’s length. She lifted her foot and began her advance. She refused to believe that Finnick was in there. She had to ascertain it for herself. 
“Ah… Finnick… Don’t…” The moment her hand came into contact with the doorknob, Evelyn’s moans began to thump against her eardrums once more. 
Vivian’s body trembled uncontrollably when Evelyn cried out Finnick’s name. It made her lose all courage to enter. 
The man’s gasping had her envisioning Finnick getting it on with Evelyn in their bed. 
Her tear ducts finally let her down and left her vision clouded. Her heart bled, as though someone had carved it up with a knife. She felt the air sucked from her lungs. 
He won’t! He surely won’t! How could Finnick had betrayed her with Evelyn, and in their bedroom, no less! 
As much as Vivian did not want to believe it, hearing Finnick’s name being called by Evelyn, over and over, gnawed at her.
The fond memories of the time they spent together flashed across her mind. It was as though she could see the many faces of Finnick in the same instant. 
Him being smiling and doting; Him kissing her lightly upon the forehead; Him in righteous anger; Him holding her hand to assuage her fears; Him teasing her till she was red to the ear… 
All of these Finnicks suddenly became unrecognizable as they sneered and regarded her like a fool. She could almost hear them say, “What do you think you are, Vivian William? Did you believe I would stay by your side for life? Look yourself in the mirror and see if you compare to Evelyn. Why would I ever choose you over her?” 
No! This cannot be! 
The images conjured before Vivian had her so startled that she staggered and nearly fell over backwards. It was only when she steadied herself with the wall to her side that she realized it was only her own mind playing tricks on her. 
Were the voices that she just heard an illusion too? A faint smile evoked upon Vivian’s face before the voices from inside the room shredded the last remnants of her hopes. 
“Slow down, Finnick… Ah… I love you… be gentler with me…” Evelyn’s shameless moans left her completely crushed. 
Vivian slid down against the wall until she sat slumped upon the floor. She could neither find the resolve to leave nor the courage to confront the truth which was beyond that door She could only sit there and let herself be tormented by Evelyn’s cries of ecstasy. 
Finnick not only failed to accompany her to the prenatal. He had colluded with the doctor to forcibly abort the baby inside of her. Instead of handling things at the office like he said, he was in their home
engaging in such unspeakable acts with Evelyn. The thought of these had Vivian on the verge of a mental breakdown. 
Vivian bit down on her own hand so that she would not cry out loud. She still refused to believe that Finnick would be capable of doing this. This was not the Finnick that she remembered. The man she knew and loved would not have done this to her. 
What if the man inside is not him? Only Evelyn’s voice was heard after so long, but what of Finnick’s? Perhaps it was someone else in there?
###Chapter 481
Chapter 481 
Without pausing to probe for flaws in her own logic, Vivian kept searching for reasons to convince herself that he was not the one in the room. In the end, she still could not find the strength to walk through the doors and verify things for herself. 
Instead, she hastily pulled out her own phone and dialed Finnick’s number. I trust that you would not do this to me, Finnick. Please pick up… Please… 
As she prayed silently, she heard the ringtone from Finnick’s phone rang out from inside the room. That instantly deadened her heart, for she had no doubt this must be his. 
It was the one she had idly selected for him just a couple of days back. There was no mistake about it. Could the man in the room really be him? 
She continued to shake her head in denial of her own assumptions, and only hoped that he would pick up and tell her that he was not at home. If he was able to do so, she would choose to believe him. 
It would appear that the heavens had ignored Vivian’s pleas as Evelyn’s moans ignited anew. 
“Ah, don’t pick up that ugly bitch’s call now. You’re spoiling the mood… Ah… Finnick, you devil…” 
Vivian did not hear Finnick’s response. However, her call was rejected as soon as Evelyn stopped talking. 
“We’re sorry; the number you are calling is out of reach. Please call again later…” Vivian’s hand fell limp as she sat where she was. She felt completely drained. 
She understood intimately what utter despair meant. It proved in the end how silly she was to try to make excuses for Finnick just because she herself would not accept the truth of his betrayal.
Vivian’s tears flowed ceaselessly. Finnick you assh*le! To be so blind as to not be able to recognize the man beneath the facade until now, she had only herself to blame. 
But why? She could not understand why he appeared so affectionate and did not agree to a divorce when she first broached the subject a few days back. 
A lengthy period had elapsed between the time Evelyn emerged and now. If Finnick only told her that he was still infatuated with Evelyn, she would not have persisted with this marriage in the mistaken belief that he was in love with herself. 
If I no longer held a place in his heart, why would he not just tell me straight? Why wait until today and let me find out this way? Why? 
These are the questions that kept circulating inside her head and threatened to drive her insane. 
She thought that she knew him long enough to understand him. It was only this day that she found out she had no idea what was on his mind. She could not understand why he would not divorce her. 
Is it for his public image? Vivian knew Finnick had been kept busy as the company was dealing with a major crisis recently. Could news of his divorce from me possibly tarnish his image and potentially compound the company’s woes? 
The thought of that had her lips curled into a bitter smile. That was the only explanation she was able to come up with. So Finnick declined to divorce not because he loved her, but because he was afraid of how it might affect Finnor Group. 
Is that why he changed his mind about the baby? Is that why he was so afraid that he asked me not to suggest divorcing ever again? Is he actually waiting for Finnor Group to leave its troubles behind before he kicked me to the curb?
That must be it. 
Vivian was filled with agony as she struggled to reconcile with these facts. From the moment that she met him, he became the beacon of hope and happiness in her otherwise bleak existence.
###Chapter 482
Chapter 482 
He married her to shield her from mockery; he had V.M. Fund set up in her honor; he erased the biggest stain on her character; he punished those who have wronged her… He had done so much and transformed her from a scorned Cinderella to the widely admired Mrs. Norton of the Finnor Group. 
Yet, none of that seemed to have counted for anything, as the moment Evelyn reappeared, his heart was no longer with her. Perhaps it was as Evelyn had put it—she was only a brief fascination for whom Finnick would not stick with for long. 
The biggest tragedy was how she still harbored a sliver of hope that all these might be untrue even in the face of the overwhelming evidence she had discovered. 
Vivian wiped at her tears as she slowly got back on her feet. She told herself that she must be strong. Everything is going to be alright. Worse come to worst, we will just get a divorce. That was something she had mentally prepared herself for anyway. 
Even if she was no longer wanted by Finnick, she would continue to raise the child on her own and make a good life for themselves together. She believed that she was capable of that. 
If my mother could manage it, why not me? 
Having sorted through her thoughts, Vivian turned and steadily made her way downstairs. 
In the end, she chose not to enter the bedroom to expose Finnick and Evelyn. She could not bear to see the man she had once loved so deeply engaging the warmth of another woman. Just imagining it would be enough to drive her crazy. 
On top of that, she wished to retain her dignity. She reckoned that she might break down into a sobbing mess were she to bear witness to the scene which awaited her inside. She may very well end up
spinelessly clamoring for Finnick. Should that happen, even she would come to despise herself. 
The sound in the bedroom stopped the moment Vivian departed. 
Evelyn was dressed in a bathrobe inside the room. She looked rather prim and proper seated in bed and did not appear as one who was deeply engaged in sexual intimacy. She was the only one in the room. Where was the man? 
Placed on top of the nightstand next to her was a laptop playing the deep drawls of a man’s voice on loop. 
She eyed Vivian’s exit between the slit of the door and ceased her own lascivious enunciations. Disdain swept across her face. “You think you could stand against me, Vivian William? In your dreams!” 
Evelyn smirked when she retrieved Finnick’s phone off the bed. Her smug smile turned to rage when she saw Vivian’s photo displayed on the phone. 
“Sooner or later, you’ll be completely mine, Finnick.” Evelyn snarled under her breath before she got up and walked out. 
Her heart was filled with glee. Before this, she was quite worried about Vivian actually barging in, which would have ruined her entire plan. 
She surprised even herself that Vivian did not have the guts to do so. She is useless! 
And hopelessly vapid too, falling for her trickery way too easily. 
The woman leisurely made her way down and picked up all the clothing left on the floor before she returned upstairs, as though she was in her own home.
After she got changed, Evelyn stood in front of the full-length mirror to adjust her belt. She noticed the wardrobe to her side and reached out to open it. 
Inside was Vivian’s clothes placed alongside Finnick’s. That left her livid, and she started grabbing and throwing all of them out. 
“You’re not deserving enough to marry Finnick, Vivian William!” She needed to yell that out loud to let off some steam. 
Reluctantly, she proceeded to replace the clothing and had them arranged properly after she cooled down. She could ill-afford to leave tell-tale signs for Finnick to chance upon.
###Chapter 483
Chapter 483 
Hmph. She swore to toss out every single thing related to Vivian from the villa the day she got together with Finnick. 
Evelyn settled her own emotions before she made her way back downstairs. 
Mrs. Filder approached the moment she saw Evelyn. “I’ve done exactly as you’ve asked, Ms. Morrison. Please do not forget what you’ve promised me.” 
Evelyn looked askance at her. “Relax, I won’t.” 
That’s the problem with these people. Just a simple request and all of them expect some kind of reward.Given as lowly as they are, they should feel honored that they were even called upon. 
“You have to find a way to get me abroad, Ms. Morrison. I’m afraid to stay on as I don’t know if and when Mr. Norton will find out.” 
Mrs. Filder was a nervous wreck. Mr. Norton has always been sharp. I don’t think he could be deceived so easily. 
She was reluctant to even consider getting involved if not for the generous terms Evelyn was willing to offer, as she had been around Finnick long enough to know what he was capable of. 
“Yeah, yeah,” Evelyn replied in mild annoyance. “One more thing. Stop saying such things. If neither of us breathed a word about it, how is he to ever find out? I’m warning you, should we be discovered, you’ll be dealing with me first.” 
“Understood, Ms. Morrison. My lips are sealed.” Evelyn’s threat had the other woman on edge.
Evelyn then waved her away. “I’ll get you what you deserve as soon as possible. You may excuse yourself now.” 
“Yes, of course,” The jittery Mrs. Filder responded with caution before she took her leave. 
Just then, the phone in Evelyn’s hand rang. 
“Come back here.” Evelyn recalled the housemaid. She dared not pick up. As this was Finnick’s phone, she might give things away if she did. “Answer it.” 
Mrs. Filder appeared apprehensive as well when she turned to see the phone Evelyn extended toward her. She had butterflies in her stomach, unsure as to how she should respond if the call came from Finnick himself. 
“Well, get on with it!” Evelyn shoved the phone directly into the woman’s hands when she saw that she was not responsive. “And watch what you say,” she cautioned. 
Mrs. Filder swallowed hard before she swiped the call through. 
“Hello, may I know…” she asked cautiously. 
“It’s me, Mrs. Filder.” It was Finnick’s voice on the other end. “Did I leave my phone at home?” 
“Yes, Mr. Norton, you did.” She tried to steady her own voice. “Would you like for me to send it over to you?” 
“Yes, sorry to trouble you.” 
“It’s no problem,” Mrs. Filder replied.
“Okay.” Finnick ended the call with that. Mrs. Filder ran a hand over to wipe the cold sweat from her forehead. 
Evelyn gave Mrs. Filder a look of approval when she took the phone back. She went on to erase all traces of the calls from Vivian. 
Once this was done, she passed the phone back. “Run along and get this to Finnick before he gets suspicious. Remember to keep your cool around him,” she said. 
“Okay.” Mrs. Filder nodded. With phone in hand, she put on her shoes and scurried out of the house. 
All alone with the villa to herself, Evelyn surveyed the interiors. 
“Such poor taste,” she said as she twitched her lips in disapproval. She started to think about how she would refurbish the place to her own liking when she moved in.
###Chapter 484
Chapter 484 
A thought came to Evelyn’s mind as she studied the interior of the villa. She quickly dug through in her bag on the sofa for her phone. She made a call after she found it, shortly after the receiver picked up the call. 
“I’ve already done as you’ve asked me to. Why didn’t you let my parents go?” Noah asked through gritted teeth from the other end of the phone. 
Evelyn frowned and countered, “How dare you asked me that! You’re the one begging me right now. You do remember I hold your parents’ lives in my hand, so don’t piss me off!” 
Noah clenched his fist in anger at Evelyn’s cruel remark. Despite his anger, he couldn’t refute her because his parents’ lives were in Evelyn’s hands, so he could only do as she says. 
Noah kept his boiling anger in check and forced out a calm reply. “When will you let them go then?” 
“Now, this is the correct attitude.” Evelyn grinned, “Don’t be hasty. After you promised to help me with another matter, then I’ll let them go.” 
“Evelyn Morrison, you’ve gone too far!” Noah’s anger stirred up again when Evelyn didn’t keep her promise and threatened him to help her with something else again. 
“We have already agreed that you’ll let my parents go once I brought Mrs. Norton to the hospital and lied to her that Mr. Norton was the one who wanted her to abort the child. I’ve already done as you’ve said, so what games are you playing now?” 
“What you’re yelling for?” Evelyn raised her tone as she spoke, “That reminds me, why does Vivian still have her baby? What have you been doing?”
“Mrs. Norton had already misunderstood Mr. Norton, so why couldn’t you just let the baby live?” begged Noah. 
Evelyn’s face turned dark with sinister. “I don’t care about all that. I want the dirty thing gone.” 
“Evelyn Morrison, that dirty thing you’re referring to has a life. You will receive retribution for this! I won’t ever help you with such an evil deed!” Noah cursed, knowing Evelyn wouldn’t let the baby live. 
“Really?” Evelyn leisurely sat on the sofa, unaffected by his curse, and sneered, “I’m not sure about receiving retribution. But I do know, if you don’t do as I asked, your parents will lose their lives.” 
“You!” Noah was rendered speechless. She held his weakness in her hands, so he didn’t have any choice but to obey her to ensure his parents’ safety. 
“Let’s stop this nonsense. I’ll give you three days. If Vivian still has her baby after three days, say goodbye to your parents.” 
Evelyn gave Noah an ultimatum, not wanting to discuss further. 
Noah turned frantic at Evelyn’s threat. “Evelyn, what are you going to do to my parents? I’m warning you not to do anything rash! If anything happens to them, I won’t ever forgive you! I will hunt you down till I exact my revenge!” 
Compared to Noah’s agitation, Evelyn casually said, “Relax, they’re fine for now. They have food and drink. But…” She said in a chilling tone with venom dripping in her every word, “If you delay any further, I can’t guarantee anything. 
“Alright.” Noah agreed helplessly. “But you have to ensure my parents’ safety.” 
“That’s not an issue.” Evelyn smiled, “I’ll let your parents go once that baby is gone.”
“You’d better keep your promise!” Noah ended the call right after. 
He stared sightlessly at his phone and thought about what he promised to do. He muttered with guilt, “Mr. and Mrs. Norton, I’m sorry, but I can’t let anything happen to my parents.” 
Evelyn didn’t mind Noah’s rudeness as long as he agreed to her condition. His parents were still in her hand, so she wasn’t worried about him playing games with her.
###Chapter 485
Chapter 485 
“Vivian William, let’s see who will save you this time.” Evelyn scoffed with eyes full of jealous rage. 
She stood and left after a while. At that point, it was a crucial moment. All her planning would be futile if Finnick suddenly returned and saw her here. 
While changing her shoes at the entrance, she clenched her fist in hatred at the sight of Vivian’s and Finnick’s shoes placed together neatly on the shoe rack. 
She swore that she would wipe away all traces left by Vivian from every corner of this house. 
She swung her gaze away from the shoe rack and opened the door. There stood a person she never expected to see here. 
“Ben, what…what’re you doing here?” stammered Evelyn. Her face turned guilty from the unexpected appearance of Benedict. 
“That is what I should be asking you.” Benedict trained his sharp gaze on Evelyn. “What are you doing at Vivian’s and Finnick’s house? 
“I…I…” Evelyn’s eyes darted everywhere but Benedict’s face. She couldn’t find a valid excuse for her being there. 
Despite not knowing the reason for her being there at the very least, he knew she was up to no good seeing the guilty look on her face. 
“Haven’t you done enough to Vivian? What else are you planning to do to her?” Benedict interrogated fiercely.
Evelyn trembled at Benedict’s sudden raised tone and replied unhappily, “Ben, you have scared me. Why are you acting all mean?” 
Benedict pointed furiously at Evelyn. “Tell me now! What are you planning to do? I’m warning you now if you dare to harm Vivian again, I’ll be the first to punish you for it!” 
“Ben!” Evelyn had never been treated by Benedict this way. He’d always spoiled her since young. Anger rushed through her as she was scolded and being pointed at by him. 
“How could you talk to me this way? Why do you always protect Vivian? She’s an outsider, and I’m your sister. I can’t believe you’re mean to me because of her!” 
Benedict laughed at Evelyn’s words. However, there was no joy in his eyes, and his laugh was so cold that it gave her chills. 
Evelyn took a step back from Benedict’s chilling laughter. Her arrogant attitude from before was replaced with fear. “Ben… you… What are you laughing at?” 
“Really?” Benedict stared deadly at Evelyn. 
“What?” Benedict’s words came out of nowhere, so Evelyn didn’t know what he meant. 
However, his next few words turned Evelyn’s face pale. 
“Are you really my sister?” 
Benedict had just gotten the investigation report from the private investigator that morning. It was as he had speculated. Evelyn Morrison was not his sister. 
Benedict thought back on the happenings from that morning.
“Mr. Morrison, I’ve finished the investigation you asked of me. I’ve discovered that Ms. Rachel had just given birth when she found Ms. Evelyn. Her daughter was only a few days older than the latter. To ensure her daughter of a good life, she sent her own daughter to the Morrison family, but kept the child of the Morrison family by her side.” 
“Are you sure of this?” Benedict couldn’t believe what he was hearing. 
“Yes.” The private investigator who stood in front of him nodded. “Your DNA test with Ms. Evelyn proved that she had no blood ties to you.” 
A few days ago, Benedict had snuck into Evelyn’s room to collect a few of her fallen hairs. He then passed them and his hair to the private detective for DNA testing. He just wanted to be sure of his relationship with Evelyn. He felt guilty towards Evelyn at that time, but he didn’t expect the result to turn out like that.
###Chapter 486
Chapter 486 
“Also.” The private investigator continued, “To ensure the results were accurate, I snuck into Ms. Rachel’s hospital room to swipe a few of her hairs and sent those to the lab as well. The result showed that Ms. Rachel and Ms. Evelyn had 99.9% match of being mother-and-daughter.” 
Benedict was stunned by the result. He finally understood the reason Vivian came to speak with Evelyn privately. The former must have known about the truth as well. 
So the reason she came to the Morrison residence that day was to tell Evelyn about it. However, he didn’t hear anything from Evelyn about it. 
“Alright, I understood. You may leave now. I’ll contact you if there’s anything else,” said Benedict. 
“Sure.” The private investigator turned and left. 
Benedict kept thinking about it even after the private investigator had left. He could understand Evelyn not telling him the truth, but why didn’t Vivian? Benedict couldn’t understand Vivian’s reason. But there was another matter which worries him. 
Even when Vivian wasn’t in Evelyn’s way, the latter could orchestra the kidnapping and assault of Vivian. Now that she knew Vivian had threatened her position of being part of the Morrison family, who knew what she would do to Vivian. 
Benedict had watched Evelyn grew up. Even though he spoiled her but he knew her better than anyone else. She definitely won’t just let Vivian go easily. 
On that thought, he immediately gave Evelyn a call. Previously, he didn’t know Vivian was his sister, so he helped Evelyn hid her involvement in Vivian’s kidnapping. Once he knew about it, he wouldn’t allow Evelyn to harm Vivian anymore.
However, Evelyn didn’t pick up her phone. Benedict was anxious that Evelyn had implemented her plan to harm Vivian. 
At that moment, he remembered the tracking device he planted on Evelyn’s phone to locate her whereabouts so that he could stop her from causing another incident like the kidnapping. When he planted the tracking device, he didn’t expect to have to use it so quickly. 
Benedict urgently launched the tracking application on his phone and located Evelyn’s whereabouts. As he expected, Evelyn was around Finnick’s house. 
Worried that Vivian would be harmed, Benedict drove like a madman to Finnick’s and Vivian’s house. 
Just as he reached the entrance, he saw Evelyn leaving. It seemed that both Finnick and Vivian were not at home, so what was Evelyn doing there? 
“Ben, what are you saying?” Evelyn felt a sense of guilt as she never thought that Benedict would be suspicious of her identity. Despite not having done any DNA testing, she was sure that she was not Benedict’s sister. 
But how did Benedict know about it? Evelyn was really curiously. She suspected that Vivian went behind her back and told Benedict. Evelyn hated Vivian even more as her thoughts went wild. 
Evelyn tried to mask her expression so as not to let Benedict know about her plan. She tugged on Benedict’s arm and said, “Don’t listen to the nonsense Vivian sprouted. Everything she said was to instigate a fight between us. How in the world am I not your sister?” 
As he heard Evelyn mentioning Vivian, Benedict was certain that Evelyn had known about it beforehand. 
“You knew that you’re not my sister?” asked Benedict.
Evelyn’s heart raced, her eyes started to dart about, avoiding eye contact with him. Despite being nervous, she forced calmness into her tone. “Ben, how could you suspect me? I grew up with you, so how could I not be your sister?”
###Chapter 487
Chapter 487 
Benedict noticed her guilty tells, so he knew that she was lying. 
“Evelyn, you said so yourself that you grew up under my watch, so do you think that I wouldn’t know when you’re lying to me. Even though you’re a good liar, I can still see through them. Never mind that, tell me what you’re doing here?” 
“I…” Evelyn wanted to explain, but she saw someone in the corner of her eyes, and a flash of panic showed on her face. She thought about what bad timing that she returned at that moment. 
Curious about Evelyn’s change, Benedict followed her line of sight and saw a middle-aged woman standing hesitantly not far away. She was apprehensive about approaching them. 
Benedict recognized that it was Mrs. Filder. Why would she hesitate to enter the house? Also, why is Evelyn nervous about her showing up? His instinct told him that there was something fishy about the both of them. And so he approached Mrs. Filder. 
“Ben, listen to me…” Evelyn wanted to stop Benedict, but he pushed her away. 
Seeing her reaction, he was certain of his suspicion. Evelyn had definitely bribed Mrs. Filder to harm Vivian! 
Mrs. Filder felt her legs trembling as she saw Benedict walking towards her. She didn’t know who he was. Would he tell Mr. Norton about what she and Evelyn had done? 
“What have you and Evelyn done? If you remain silent, I’ll tell Finnick immediately!” Benedict interrogated.
Fear filled Mrs. Filder as she realized Benedict was about to reveal the truth to Finnick. “Mister, I don’t have anything to do with it! Ms. Morrison was the one who had instructed me to do everything. Please don’t tell Mr. Norton about it.” 
Anger poured through Benedict once he knew that Evelyn had done something evil. “Tell me! What have you done!” 
Unable to withstand Benedict’s interrogation, Mrs. Filder revealed everything that Evelyn had done. 
Benedict turned to look at Evelyn with a look of disbelief after hearing everything from Mrs. Filder. This person was the sister that he had protected all his life. Unable to believe that she didn’t learn her lesson from the previous incident but had gotten worse. 
Evelyn guiltily hung her head, avoiding eye contact with Benedict. “Ben, you can’t blame me for this entirely. Vivian, she…” 
“Shut up!” Benedict cut Evelyn off with a yell. “I don’t have a sister like you. I’ve already run a DNA test, and it showed that you’re not my sister!” 
“What?” Evelyn stared at Benedict in shock. She never thought that he would suspect her identity, so for him to have done a DNA test behind her back was a shocking revelation to her. 
Benedict felt immense heartache and disappointment looking at Evelyn. “Initially, I thought it’s fine even if we had no blood relation since we were siblings for years. But now I’ve realized that I’m wrong. An evil woman like you doesn’t deserve to be my sister. You don’t deserve to be a part of the Morrison family!” 
Benedict turned and left. As he was deeply disappointed by Evelyn, he didn’t want to look at her anymore. It pained him to see the person he treated with love for so many years grew up to be so evil.
Evelyn didn’t chase after Benedict as he left. She was rooted in place after being stunned by Benedict’s words. 
Ben doesn’t want me anymore? That’s impossible! This couldn’t happen! Ben spoiled me the most since I was young, so how could he not want me anymore? No way! This can’t be! 
As she shook her head in disbelief, tears welled up in her eyes and fell along her face. She was about to chase Vivian away from Finnick’s side permanently. But how did things turned out like this? How did she lose her dear brother, Ben? 
More importantly, without her status of being a part of the Morrison family, how was she going to live? Was she supposed to dress and eat like those poor people? No! I don’t want that kind of life! 
Vivian William! Evelyn gritted her teeth in anger! This was all because of you! It’s your fault! I will never forgive you! 
After Benedict left the Norton family villa, he called Vivian urgently, afraid that something would happen to her. But Vivian’s phone was turned off.
###Chapter 488
Chapter 488 
No matter how antsy Benedict felt, he knew that there was nothing he could do. So, he resorted to driving in the area around Norton Residence in endless circles. 
If what the housemaid said about Vivian having left on foot was true, then she couldn’t have gone very far. God, please help me find her. 
He had failed his little sister by not taking care of her for years, and he had even helped Evelyn to frame her recently. 
Benedict felt more and more guilt building up inside him as he lost himself in his thoughts. When I find Vivian, I’ll take good care of her. I’ll spoil her rotten to make up for all the years of absence. I’m never letting anyone harm her. She is the only family I have now. 
At that same moment, Vivian was absentmindedly walking by the roadside. She had been so determined to live by herself, but the realization that she had nowhere else to go hit her only after she left the house. 
She couldn’t go back to the Norton family residence. She couldn’t stay at her mom’s place; her mom was already sick, and Vivian didn’t want to burden her further. 
What about the Morrison family? Could I turn to Benedict? Could she tell her brother about everything that had happened? But what if Benedict chooses to believe Evelyn instead of me, just like Finnick had? What then? 
While mulling over her options, she noticed that a car had stopped right next to her. Before she could react, the car doors opened, several bodyguards rushing out and grabbing ahold of her arms.
Vivian nearly jumped out of her skin, digging her heels into the ground and refusing to budge an inch. Who are these people? Is this a kidnapping or a robbery? But then someone else exited the car, and her eyes widened as alarm bells went off in her mind. 
Noah Lotte was walking towards her. And she was almost certain that he was here to take her to the hospital as per Finnick’s orders. 
But no matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t shake off the bodyguards’ vice grips on her arms. 
Struggling against them, she yelled at Noah, “What do you want? Make them let go of me, Noah!” 
Noah’s head was lowered, too scared to meet Vivian’s stare as he mumbled, “I’m sorry, Mrs. Norton. I have no choice.” 
“Noah, please, I’m begging you,” Vivian sobbed. She couldn’t go to the hospital; she needed to protect her child. “Let me go, please?” 
Vivian’s sincere, desperate pleas tugged at Noah’s heartstrings, the usually unyielding and firm man almost moved to tears. But when he remembered his own parents, he regained his composure and waved a hand, signaling to the bodyguards to take her away. 
They nodded and shoved Vivian into the car. 
“Let go of me!” Vivian screamed, trying to twist her way out of the bodyguards’ clutches. Unfortunately, a woman’s strength was no match for several burly, well-built men. 
Then, one bodyguard sat on each side of her, holding her in place as the car headed for the hospital. 
Upon arrival, they proceeded to drag her out of the car.
“No! I’m not going! Noah, please… I’m begging you, I can’t lose my baby, please let me go…” Vivian screamed out, her throat hoarse as she held onto the armrest for dear life. 
The sight made Noah want to punch himself in the face. Glancing away from Vivian, Noah forced out the words, “Get her out.” 
Upon hearing that, the bodyguards pried Vivian’s hands away from the armrest, viciously pulling her out of the car. 
“No… I don’t want to go…” Vivian tried to resist as much as possible, a shoe dropping off of her foot. One of her exposed heels was blistered and bloody as her feet scraped against the pavement. 
She vaguely registered a flash of pain coming from her feet, but she was too busy trying to escape to care. She had sworn to herself that she would protect this child. She had already lost her husband; she couldn’t afford to lose her baby too.
###Chapter 489
Chapter 489 
“Mrs. Norton, please don’t try to put up a fight. Let us bring you to the hospital, alright?” Noah advised ruefully. 
“Noah, please call Finnick and let me talk to him! There’s no way that he could be this cruel!” Vivian shouted through her tears. “Noah, please! Noah!” 
Upon hearing her plea, Noah turned a sickly shade of green. 
Vivian was right. Finnick loved her so much that he was willing to give up his career and future for her. He isn’t this heartless—but Evelyn is! 
Rage flared up within Noah at the thought of Evelyn, his hands clenching into fists. But he had no choice other than becoming Evelyn’s partner-in-crime. 
Fighting back tears, Noah’s voice was hoarse as he ordered the bodyguards, “Take Mrs. Norton in.” He turned around as soon as the words left his mouth. 
There was no doubt that if he continued to watch Vivian cry and beg, he would give in to her plea. But he couldn’t. Not when his parents were still at Evelyn’s mercy. 
Thus, Vivian was strapped onto a gurney and instantly wheeled into an operating room where a team of surgeons was already waiting for her. 
Her eyes were full of fear and agony as she helplessly watched the surgeons prepare their medical instruments. The sight drained her of all emotion, leaving her with no more tears left to cry. 
A surgeon walked towards her, holding a speculum that glinted in the light. For some reason, the image of Finnick and Evelyn fooling around in their bedroom suddenly surfaced in her mind.
Why? How could Finnick disregard all the memories and love that we shared? How could he be so cruel? 
Thinking of how Finnick was probably having fun with another woman as she lay here about to lose her first child, resentment sprouted within Vivian’s heart. 
From now on, however much I love you I have for you will be equal to the hatred I have for you. 
She could nearly feel the coldness emanating off of the speculum as the surgeon prepared to insert it into her body. Hopelessly, she closed her eyes, she wished for nothing more than to die right there and then. 
I’m so useless. I can’t even protect my own child. Is there any meaning to life anymore? Just let me die alongside my baby… 
Just as Vivian had given up on all hope, a loud “bang” echoed throughout the operating room. Everyone turned to look for the source of the noise, and Vivian’s eyes widened. 
She was clearly mistaken when she’d thought that she was incapable of crying anymore, because she instantly burst into tears when she saw who the intruder was. 
It’s Benedict! Benedict was here to save her, just like the time she was kidnapped by Evelyn! 
“Don’t touch her!” Benedict shoved the surgeons out of his way, kicking away the various bodyguards that were holding Vivian down. In the blink of an eye, he had pulled Vivian up and onto her feet, standing protectively in front of her. 
“Everyone, leave!” His eyes were bloodshot as he shouted, his mind clouded with fear and worry for his sister.
Fortunately for Vivian, he had been driving around the area when he spotted her getting dragged into the hospital. He didn’t want to imagine what horrors she might have suffered if he had arrived even a minute later. 
The bodyguards and surgeons were stunned at Benedict’s sudden appearance, unsure if they should try to proceed with the operation or leave the room. 
Seeing red, Benedict picked up a bench near him and threw it in their direction before dashing forward to beat up as many people as he could. 
The surgeons and bodyguards, intimidated by Benedict’s hostility, decided to not engage with him and fled the scene. Benedict was about to chase after them and make them pay for what they did to Vivian when her voice stopped him in his tracks. 
“Benedict!” Vivian had called out his name in a panic upon seeing that he was about to leave her alone in the room. Still suffering from shock, she felt safer with Benedict by her side and wanted him to stay with her.
###Chapter 490
Chapter 490 
Benedict instantly whipped around to look at Vivian. 
Her hair spilled messily over her shoulders, and there were dried tear tracks on her face. Her gaze was full of fear and uncertainty. Her clothes were rumpled and he spotted bruises all over her body, she looked worse than when she was kidnapped the last time. 
The pitiful sight made Benedict’s heart clench painfully within his chest. It felt as if someone was ripping his heart and it hurt so much to the point that he could not breathe. 
He rushed forward to envelop her in his embrace, holding back his own tears as he patted her back in a reassuring manner. “I’m so sorry that I am late, Vivian… I’m so sorry that you had to go through that…” he muttered, voice full of guilt and regret. 
Within Benedict’s hug, Vivian finally felt safe and relieved. As soon as she let her guard down, the dam of emotions she had been trying to hold back burst wide open. 
Clutching onto Benedict’s clothes, she sobbed uncontrollably. If he had arrived a minute later, she might have already lost her child by now. 
Benedict only felt worse listening to his sister’s heart-breaking cries, choking up as he told her, “I’m sorry, it’s all my fault… I failed to protect you…” 
That jolted Vivian from her misery. She raised her head and looked at him. Eyes still watery, she stuttered out, “Have you… you found out?” 
“Yes, I have. I know that you’re my biological sister now.” Benedict wiped away her tears, looking down at her sympathetically. “Why didn’t you tell me the truth before?”
“I was afraid that you wouldn’t believe me,” Vivian sniffled. “I was scared that… you would prefer Evelyn over me… and that you would refuse to recognize me as your sister.” 
“You idiot.” Benedict pulled her back into his arms. “You’re the only living family I have left. How could I ever abandon you?” 
It was as if a burden was lifted off of her shoulders when she clearly sensed the affection and adoration in Benedict’s tone. Benedict didn’t hate her. He didn’t not want her as a sister. She finally had a family member that she could rely on. 
With that, Vivian hugged Benedict tighter. 
After a long while of crying, a question came to her mind. Staring up at him in confusion, she asked, “How did you find out that we’re related?” 
With one hand stroking Vivian’s hair, Benedict started to explain everything to her. 
“When you invited me to the café last time and tried to indirectly ask about Evelyn’s kidnapping, I sensed that something was off. You were acting really weird. You didn’t seem curious, but it felt more like you were testing something. 
“Then, I grew even more suspicious when you called to ask about Evelyn’s birthmark. So I had someone investigate, and not only did they discover that Rachel have leukemia, but they also found out that you’re not her biological daughter. 
“At that point, I was already questioning both yours and Evelyn’s true identities, and I had someone use Rachel and Evelyn’s hair to undergo a DNA test. As I’d expected, the results proved that Evelyn is Rachel’s biological daughter, and thus has no familial relation to me.”
“I see… So you’d had doubts since the very beginning.” Vivian was regretting her decision for having hidden her identity from Benedict all along. If she had told him the truth earlier, then all these unfortunate occurrences wouldn’t have happened. 
“Don’t worry, Vivian. I’ll protect you from now on. No one will ever harm you or your baby as long as I’m around. I’m never letting anything like this happen again.” 
Benedict’s stare was steely with determination. This was not just a promise that he was making to Vivian, but it was also a promise that he was making to himself. 
Vivian’s eyes welled with tears again, and she buried her face into Benedict’s chest to sob. I’m not alone anymore. This is what it feels like to be loved and protected by a family member. 
Although Rachel loved her as well, she obviously preferred Evelyn because she was her biological daughter. As a result, there were countless times when Rachel forgot to care about Vivian’s feelings.
###Chapter 491
Chapter 491 
Benedict’s vow to protect her had warmed Vivian’s heart in a way that she had never felt before. 
But strangely, even though she felt ecstatic and comforted, she couldn’t stop the tears from flowing and drenching his shirt quickly. 
Benedict just silently held her in his arms, letting her vent all of her positive and negative emotions in one go. 
Cry all you want. You’ve suffered so much throughout all these years. It must have been hard on you. Let it all out and bid farewell to your past. I will give you a brand new life from now on. I will never let you feel any pain nor sorrow anymore. 
After Vivian had cried herself to the point of exhaustion, Benedict picked her up and carried her in his arms as they exited the hospital. 
“Ben, I’m fine. I can walk by myself.” Embarrassed, Vivian tried to break from his grip, but he refused to let go. 
“You’re injured. Besides, I’m not some stranger, I’m your brother. It’s okay.” 
Vivian glanced down at her bloodied feet and relented, dazedly letting him carry her. A faint but sincere smile appeared on her face unconsciously. 
When they got to the main entrance of the hospital, Vivian spotted Noah standing in the distance and reflexively grabbed onto Benedict’s arm out of fear. 
Noticing her reaction, Benedict followed her gaze to see Noah. He had an assumption as to why she reacted that way. “Was it Finnick’s idea to abort the baby?” he asked coldly.
Tears pricking at her eyes, there was a long pause before Vivian finally admitted with much difficulty, “He thinks that the child isn’t his.” 
Benedict’s jaw clenched, his anger displayed clearly on his face. Although he was aware that it was Evelyn who had lied to Finnick about Vivian, he never thought that Finnick would force Vivian to get an abortion in such an inhumane way. 
Someone like him doesn’t deserve Vivian! 
“Do you want to get a divorce?” Benedict glanced down at Vivian inquisitively. 
After a beat of shocked silence, Vivian nodded. “Yes.” 
Upon hearing that, Benedict adjusted Vivian’s weight in his arms before striding over to Noah. Even though she had no idea what Benedict’s intentions were, she trusted him completely. 
Noah was standing at the main entrance of the hospital, his head hung in shame and remorse. He hated himself more and more with every passing second that he imagined what Vivian must be going through inside the hospital. He couldn’t even bear to face the building, his back turned to the hospital entrance as he was mentally beating himself up. 
“Noah.” 
Noah turned around at the call of his name, his eyes widening when he saw Benedict walking towards him, carrying Vivian. Taken aback, Noah stumbled backward. “M- Mr. Morrison.” 
Benedict’s stare was icy cold as he brushed Noah’s reaction aside. “Go back and tell Finnick that the divorce papers will be reaching him shortly.” 
With that, Benedict turned around and headed for his car with Vivian in his arms.
Elsewhere, Finnick was currently stuck at a board meeting at the Norton Corporation. 
He didn’t know what had gotten into his brother. Earlier, Mark had sent his assistant over to inform Finnick that the Norton Corporation had some important issues to resolve, and that Mark would be holding an emergency meeting that required Finnick’s presence. 
Mark’s assistant had appeared extremely nervous and distraught, so Finnick followed him to the Norton Corporation without a second thought. 
But it had been nearly two hours since the meeting started, and Finnick had yet to hear anyone discuss anything substantial, let alone mention any important issues that needed resolving. 
Finnick, fed up with listening to Mark droning on about nonsense, got up to leave the meeting. He had a lot of work to get done, and he was not going to let Mark waste his time any further. 
“Where do you think you’re going, Finnick? The meeting isn’t over yet,” Mark called out to him.
###Chapter 492
Chapter 492 
Finnick’s eyes narrowed in annoyance as he turned to look back at Mark. “I don’t think this meeting is of any importance.” 
“How could you say that?” Mark slammed a hand onto the table. “This meeting is to discuss the direction in which the Norton Corporation should be expanding. This is key to whether or not the company can advance higher and further, and you’re saying this isn’t important?” 
The lower-ranking directors flocked to agree with Mark. 
“That’s right! How can you manage Norton Corporation with that attitude?” 
“I knew that we shouldn’t have let him off the hook so easily last time. We should revoke his shares in the company.” 
“Obviously, he doesn’t care for us if he’s just coming and going whenever he likes.” 
Not wanting to make a mountain out of a molehill, Finnick begrudgingly sat back down and resumed the meeting. 
What had happened in the past had not left a very good impression on the company’s board of directors. If he continued to let their bad impression grow, there was a high chance that he might lose his job at the Norton Corporation. 
Seeing this, self-satisfaction flashed through the depths of Mark’s eyes as he let out an internal sigh of relief. 
Evelyn had called him earlier, instructing him to hold Finnick up around noon today. Although he didn’t know what Evelyn had up her sleeve, she promised that as long as he followed her orders, she would
find a way to make Finnick transfer his shares in the company to Mark. 
Having worked with Evelyn on several other occasions, Mark had no doubt that Evelyn could achieve whatever she set her mind to. So, he agreed. 
Mark dilly-dallied for about two more hours before finally ending the meeting. 
Finnick was the first to leave the meeting room, causing the directors to chatter in displeasure yet again. But he didn’t care for them. His patience had already been worn thin, and he couldn’t stand having to sit in there for a second longer. Let them think whatever they want to think. 
He drove all the way back to the Finnor Group building, about to call Vivian and ask her how her check- up had gone. He still refused to accept the child as his, but that didn’t mean that he was going to disregard Vivian’s health and wellbeing entirely. 
Touching his pockets, he realized that his phone was not on him. 
He ended up using his secretary’s phone to call his own, and learned from Mrs. Filder, who had answered the call, that he had left his handphone at home. 
After instructing Mrs. Filder to send his handphone to the company building, Finnick proceeded to call Vivian, but no one picked up. Slightly concerned, he dialed her number again and again to no avail. 
Right as Finnick was panicking and about to leave for the hospital to personally check on Vivian, his secretary entered the office, holding something in her arms. 
“Mr. Norton, these are the documents that Mr. Morrison sent to you.” The secretary handed the package to him over the desk. 
Benedict? Finnick was perplexed. What could Benedict send him?
He only grew even more confused upon opening the package and reading the contents of the papers inside. The large, bolded words “Divorce Agreement” were printed as clear as day at the top of the document. 
And at the bottom, someone named “Vivian Morrison” had signed the agreement. 
“Vivian Morrison?” Finnick muttered to himself. 
Who is this? Why did Benedict randomly send me a divorce agreement? Who would I be able to divorce other than Vivian? 
Something wasn’t right here. Vivian Morrison… Vivian… Vivian! Was this a divorce agreement between himself and his Vivian? What’s going on? 
Finnick tried calling Vivian again to ask her if she knew anything about the divorce agreement, but her phone was switched off. 
Eyebrows furrowed in irritation, he threw his phone to one side. What is going on with Vivian? Why did she refuse to accept my calls and turn her phone off? What is this divorce agreement all about? 
A lightbulb lit up in his mind, and Finnick picked up his phone once more to call Benedict. The documents had been sent by him, so he had to have some idea of what this was all about.
###Chapter 493
Chapter 493 
Benedict answered the phone quickly. Before Finnick could speak, Benedict asked, “Has it been signed?” 
“What’s that supposed to mean? What’s going on? Who is Vivian Morrison?” Finnick was confused by Benedict’s question, causing him to have doubts. 
Benedict laughed at Finnick’s questions. Finnick was still the same as before, a man who was not willing to take responsibility for his actions. 
“Stop pretending. I’m telling you now, Vivian doesn’t want to be with you anymore. Send me the divorce papers once you’ve signed it.” 
“Why would Vivian want to file for divorce?” Finnick felt utterly confused and said, “Is Vivian there with you now? Hand her the phone. I want to speak to her.” 
“You don’t deserve to speak to her!” Benedict roared angrily into the phone. He would never allow the scumbag to hurt his sister ever again. 
Since Benedict did not deny it, Finnick knew then that he was with Vivian. He had not been able to contact Vivian. And one day, out of the blue, he was served with the so-called divorce papers. Moreover, the things that Benedict said to him aggravated him. 
“What exactly do you mean by that, Benedict? Hand her the phone now. I want to ask her myself.” 
“Everyone knows what you did, Finnick. So drop the act. You don’t deserve to be with Vivian after what you did to her. You’d better sign the divorce agreement quickly.” Since Finnick still refused to admit to his wrongdoing, Benedict detested his behavior.
“Stop f*cking playing riddles with me. This is a matter between Vivian and me, you have no right to be involved. Hand over the phone to her now!” Finnick couldn’t help but curse when he did not understand what Benedict was talking about. 
“What do you mean I have no right?” Benedict snorted. “I am Vivian’s older brother. That means I have every right to be involved. It’s Vivian’s intention to divorce you. So sign the papers quickly and send them to me!” 
As soon as he finished speaking, he hung up. He did not wish to speak to such an irresponsible person anymore. Had they not been talking on the phone, Benedict would have beaten Finnick into a pulp when he thought of what he did to Vivian. 
But now was not the time to punish Finnick. More importantly, he had to help Vivian get out of the situation. 
Based on Finnick’s influential position, Benedict knew that he wouldn’t be able to stop Finnick if the latter were to prevent Vivian from leaving. Hence, he wanted to take the opportunity and quickly take Vivian out of the country before Finnick could take any action. 
“What do you mean by you’re Vivian’s older brother? What exactly do you mean, Benedict? Tell me now!” Finnick was even more confused when Benedict declared himself as Vivian’s older brother. 
Upon hearing the dead silence on the other side of the phone, Finnick lowered the phone from his ear to his eyes. It was only then he realized that Benedict had hung up. 
He was breathing heavily and seething with anger as he paced back and forth. Finally, he walked over to his working desk and angrily overturned the desk. There was a loud bang when the desk hit the ground, and all of the documents and displays were scattered all over the place.
Trying his best to calm the fury in his heart, Finnick thought back to what Benedict had just said to him. He said that he was Vivian William’s older brother. And the fact that the signature on the divorce agreement belonged to Vivian Morrison puzzled Finnick even more. What on earth was going on? 
At that moment, Finnick was at a loss, and he had no idea what had happened. Within the afternoon itself, he felt that his world had turned upside down. 
Finnick picked up the phone and called Noah, and ordered him to investigate this matter. 
At that time, Noah was with Evelyn. 
“What? My brother saved Vivian again?” After hearing what Noah had told her, Evelyn felt like she was about to go crazy. Could this be fate? Because Vivian was indeed Benedict’s biological sister, therefore it was fated for Benedict to come to Vivian’s rescue every single time. 
Evelyn dug her nails into her palms, and a ferocious look crept upon her face. Vivian William, why are you always so lucky? 
“I’ve done whatever you’ve asked me to do. I did not expect Mrs. Norton to be saved. Can you let my parents go now?” Noah said anxiously. For the last few days, Evelyn had kidnapped his parents. Therefore, he was worried about their safety.
###Chapter 494
Chapter 494 
“Did as I told you?” Evelyn laughed in anger, and then she shouted to Noah in a shrill voice, “Nothing went as planned in whatever I asked you to do. Don’t you even think of asking me to release your parents!” 
“Evelyn, you…” Noah was furious, and just when he was about to argue with her, he heard his phone rang. He took out his phone and saw that it was an incoming call from Finnick. 
When he was hesitating to answer the call, Evelyn grabbed the phone from him. Seeing that it was a call from Finnick, Evelyn handed back the phone to Noah and said, “Answer it. Put it on speaker mode.” 
“What are you up to, Evelyn?” Noah had a bad feeling about this. 
“Answer the call. Do you want your parents to die?” Evelyn threatened Noah. 
He glared at Evelyn in rage, he had no choice but to answer the phone. 
As soon as Noah answered the call, Finnick said anxiously, “Noah, I don’t care what you are doing now. Drop everything right now and help me to investigate Vivian’s whereabouts. Also, find out what’s the relationship between Vivian and Benedict.” 
Having heard that, Evelyn fell into deep thought, then she motioned Noah to hang up. 
“Yes, Mr. Norton. I’ll get on it right away.” Noah hung up and turned to look at Evelyn. 
After thinking it through, Evelyn came up with an idea. She turned to Noah and said, “You will report to Finnick with what I want you to say to him. Otherwise, your parents will pay for it with their lives.”
He had no choice but to obey Evelyn. 
Soon, Noah returned to Finnick’s office. 
“Did you manage to find anything?” Finnick quickly stood up and asked when Noah entered his office. 
“Yes.” Noah nodded, then he lowered his head and answered Finnick. “The real Evelyn Morrison was kidnapped at birth, she was then picked up by Rachel.” 
“Rachel wanted her own daughter to have a good life, so she sent her own daughter to the Morrison family. And she kept the real daughter of the Morrison family by her side. Therefore, Mrs. Norton is the real daughter of the Morrison family, and Evelyn is Rachel’s biological daughter.” 
In fact, Noah was shocked when Evelyn told him that. He had never thought such a thing could happen. 
After hearing what Noah had to say, Finnick finally understood what Benedict meant. But what about the divorce agreement? I have to get answers directly from Vivian myself. 
Finnick turned and asked Noah, “Did you find out where Vivian is?” 
“Yes. Mrs. Norton took a private jet to A Nation with Mr. Benedict.” 
“That’s impossible!” Finnick couldn’t believe that Vivian had left without even saying a single word to him. 
“I also found out that Mrs. Norton realized that there’s a high possibility that the baby she’s carrying is not yours. She chose to leave you and go to A Nation with Benedict because she didn’t know how to face you.” Noah continued and said whatever Evelyn had taught him to say. 
Finnick finally understood why Vivian filed for divorce all of a sudden.
He had refused to tell Vivian about her humiliating incident because he was afraid that she would be ashamed and leave him. He did not expect things to turn out the way that he had feared it to become. 
But he couldn’t let Vivian leave just like that. He couldn’t live without her, so he must find her and bring her back. 
“Noah, get me the earliest flight to A Nation. Also, find out Benedict and Vivian’s specific location in A Nation. Hurry!” 
“Yes.” Noah replied and turned to leave. 
Although he was threatened by Evelyn and had to say these things against his will, he also found out that Vivian’s trip to A Nation was actually true. It would be best if Mr. Norton could really win her back, as that would make him feel less guilty.
###Chapter 495
Chapter 495 
“Wait a minute.” Suddenly, Finnick stopped Noah. “I’ll go with you now to the airport.” 
Finnick couldn’t sit and wait while Vivian was running away from him. He could never allow such a thing to happen. 
Upon hearing that, Noah took his place behind Finnick. Then, they quickly made their way out. However, they discovered that the lift was out of order temporarily. Finnick, who was already frustrated, kicked the lift door violently. Then he turned left and ran down the stairs. 
Just when he went down one floor, Evelyn appeared out of nowhere unexpectedly. 
“Where are you going, Finnick?” Evelyn stopped him with her outstretched hand. 
“Get out of my way!” With no time to waste, Finnick pushed her hand away and continued to run down the stairs. 
Evelyn was not going to let Finnick leave her, so she quickly went after him and grabbed him by his arm. “You’re going to look for Vivian, aren’t you? She’s gone. Besides, she’s going to divorce you, so why can’t you let her go?” 
“How do you know these things?” Finnick looked at Evelyn suspiciously. 
Evelyn shifted her gaze. She couldn’t say that it was Noah who told her about Vivian’s intention to divorce him. Otherwise, all the things that she had threatened Noah to do would be exposed. 
“Benedict told me so.” Evelyn thought quickly about it and said, “I guess you should know by now that I’m not Benedict’s biological sister. He actually gave me a call before he left. He said that Vivian is determined to divorce you.”
After saying that, Evelyn held on tighter to Finnick’s arm and begged him in a kittenish tone, “Finnick, it’s clear that Vivian doesn’t want you anymore. So please don’t go looking for her, alright?” 
“This is between Vivian and me. It has nothing to do with you. Let go of me!” Finnick tried to yank his arm out of her hold, but Evelyn had a death grip on him. 
Hearing Finnick’s reply, Evelyn was on the verge of breaking down. She became emotional and burst into tears. “Nothing to do with me? It has everything to do with me. I love you. Don’t you know that I love you?” 
Evelyn still had feelings for Finnick. After all that she had done for him, he still did not have any feelings for her. In fact, all that he could think of was to go after Vivian. Inevitably, she was broken-hearted. 
Finnick was shocked by Evelyn’s declaration of love for him. How can that be? Didn’t she herself say it before that we are nothing more than just friends? 
Evelyn cried and said, “I lied to you, Finnick. There’s no way for me to be just a friend to you. I only said that because I was afraid that you would ignore me.” 
Tears rolled down Evelyn’s face as she said, “Ever since I regained my memory, I rushed back from abroad to look for you. I wanted to tell you that I remember you. I also wanted to explain to you all the things that happened years ago. I wanted to be with you again. But when I returned, I found that you’ve married Vivian. 
“Finnick, I’ve also tried to tell myself that you’re a married man and that I should not have any feelings for you anymore. But there’s no way that I can forget about you. I love you, Finnick!” 
Evelyn’s confession failed to move Finnick. Instead, it made him even more upset. If he had known that Evelyn had such thoughts, he would never have worked with her.
“But I have no feelings for you anymore. Vivian is the one I love now. Let go of me. I want to find her.” Finnick grew impatient as he tried to shake off her hold. 
Evelyn’s heart was full of jealousy at his blunt reply. Why is it that I’ve made myself so clear, but yet he still wants to go after Vivian? Don’t I have a place in his heart? 
Vivian! It’s all because of you! Viciousness flickered in Evelyn’s eyes. If it weren’t for you, Finnick would never say such a thing to me! If it weren’t for you, Benedict would never abandon me as a sister. He used to adore and spoil me so much.
###Chapter 496
Chapter 496 
Now that she was no longer part of the Morrison family, and if Finnick didn’t want her as well, then what was she supposed to do now? Do I have to start living in the streets? 
No! Her life should be the envy of everyone else. She was not going to allow herself to end up in such a miserable state. At the thought of this, Evelyn steeled herself and made a rash decision. 
Just as Finnick tried to shake off his hand from her tight grip, she leaned backward intentionally and let herself rolled down the stairs. 
“Evelyn!” Finnick was completely shocked when he saw her tumbled down the stairs and ended up lying motionless at the bottom of the stairs. 
He recalled that he did not use that much strength when he shook her off. So how was it possible for her to fall down the stairs? Did I use too much force when I shook her off? Now was not the time to think about it, so he pushed the thought to the back of his mind. 
He rushed down the stairs to help Evelyn to get up. But he found her unconscious, and her forehead was bleeding from the heavy fall. 
In a state of shock, Finnick turned his head and shouted to Noah, “Call an ambulance now! Hurry!” 
Earlier on, Noah was filled with contempt as he listened to Evelyn declaring her love for Finnick. This woman sure does know how to act. She has done so many vicious things, but yet she portrayed herself as the ultimate victim. Thank goodness Finnick rejected her love confession. 
What on earth is going on? How could Evelyn fall down the stairs so suddenly?
Noah had been watching both of them just now. He could never believe that Finnick had caused her to tumble down the stairs. Could it be that Evelyn fell down the stairs on purpose? 
The woman was willing to go as far as hurting herself to achieve her own goals. Perhaps, this could be a bitter ploy against Finnick. 
Deep in his thoughts, Noah heard Finnick shouting at him, and he quickly recollected himself. Although he had his doubts about this incident, he could not share it with Finnick. After all, he was regarded as Evelyn’s accomplice to a certain extent. But there were just some things that he couldn’t discuss with Finnick. 
“Understood,” Noah replied, and then he quickly took out his phone and contacted the hospital. As of now, it didn’t matter whether she deliberately threw herself down the stairs or not. The fact was that she was injured, and they had to quickly send her to the hospital. Furthermore, if anything were to happen to her, he wouldn’t know where to search for his parents. 
In a few moments, the sound of ambulance sirens rang shrilly on the ground floor. Finnick quickly helped the paramedics to lift Evelyn onto the stretcher, and then he boarded the ambulance and went along to the hospital. 
No matter what, he had to bear responsibility for what happened earlier. He had to stay to ensure that Evelyn’s life was not in danger. He had to put on hold his plan to leave the country in search of Vivian. 
Finnick appeared tense as he waited outside of the operating room. 
On one hand, he was worried about Evelyn and prayed that she would be fine. Otherwise, he was afraid that he wouldn’t be able to absolve himself from the blame.
And yet, on the other hand, he was even more anxious about Vivian. Where is she now? Has she arrived in A Nation? Where should I go to find her? What if Vivian still insists on filing for divorce after I’ve found her? What can I do to win her back? 
Finnick wished that he could go and search for Vivian right now. He would then keep her by his side for the rest of his life and never allow her to leave him. For now, he could only think of her, and that was enough to drive him crazy. Unfortunately, he couldn’t leave just yet. Evelyn was still in the operating room, so he had to stay to make sure she was alright. 
Just when his patience was about to run out, the indicator light on the operating room switched off. At the sight of the doctor coming out of the room, Finnick quickly stepped forward and questioned Evelyn’s condition. 
The doctor looked dejected and asked, “What is your relationship with the patient?” 
“I’m her friend,” Finnick replied, with a premonition that something was not right. 
“You’d better contact the patient’s family members as soon as possible. Both her legs are severely damaged from the fall. We performed surgery on her but couldn’t save her legs. I’m afraid that she will have to spend the rest of her life in a wheelchair.” 
The doctor shook his head regretfully and said, “What a pity to be affected by paraplegia at such a young age. When she wakes up, she’ll be agitated. So it’s better to stay by her side to comfort her and keep her calm.”
###Chapter 497
Chapter 497 
The doctor turned around and walked away, leaving Finnick standing alone in a daze. 
Paraplegia? How is it possible for Evelyn to be so severely injured? I didn’t use that much force when I shook her off. 
But now was not the time to shirk responsibility. It seemed that Evelyn did fall down the stairs when he shook his arm from her hold. He definitely had to bear responsibility for this. 
What should I do now? How am I going to break the news to Evelyn? She’s still so young. How will she react when she finds out that she has to spend the rest of her life in a wheelchair? 
Finnick collapsed onto a chair outside of the operating room. He slumped over and buried his face in his hands as he drowned himself in guilt. 
It was all his fault. He shouldn’t have been so rough when he flung his arm from Evelyn’s grasp. He should have kept his cool and talked to her calmly. Otherwise, this would not have happened. What was he going to do now? 
Noah had been waiting with Finnick outside of the operating room. He was shocked as well after hearing what the doctor had to say. If it was a bitter ploy against Finnick, then it was too big a price to pay for Evelyn. 
Seeing Finnick deep in remorse and guilt, Noah felt terrible and worried. 
Based on Finnick’s personality, he would definitely hold himself accountable for this incident. And he most likely would take the initiative to care for Evelyn for the rest of her life. Perhaps, Evelyn did it for this purpose.
But if that was the case, then what about Mrs. Norton? At the thought of that, Noah couldn’t help but asked Finnick, “Mr. Norton, do you want to go and look for Mrs. Norton now? I’ll book a plane ticket to A Nation right away.” 
Finnick was silent and did not respond. Noah’s heart thumped at Finnick’s lack of response. It seemed that Evelyn had achieved her goal. 
True enough, after a moment of contemplation, Finnick said, “Put that on hold first. We’ll talk about that later once I’ve settled things for Evelyn.” 
In fact, Finnick wanted very much to go after Vivian right away. But Evelyn was still in the hospital because of him. He definitely couldn’t just get up and leave. 
With that, Finnick stood up and walked to Evelyn’s room. Noah was left alone, and he was starting to panic, but he couldn’t say anything at all to Finnick. 
Evelyn was already awake when he entered the ward. Her face was as pale as a ghost, and she looked weak and pitiful. 
Tears welled up in Evelyn’s eyes when she saw him coming into the ward. “Finnick, just now… the nurse said, my legs… my legs…” 
Evelyn choked and fell silent. 
The guilt in Finnick’s eyes grew more intense when he heard that she had already known about her legs. 
He walked to the side of Evelyn’s bed and crouched down. “It’s all my fault, Evelyn. I made a mistake. But don’t you worry, I’ll take full responsibility for it. I’m sorry.”
After hearing Finnick’s apology, Evelyn felt a little smug and surprised. But she continued to feign sadness and said, “It’s alright, Finnick. Don’t say that. Don’t blame yourself. It’s entirely my own fault. I shouldn’t have gotten into your way.” 
Immediately, Evelyn covered her mouth with her hands to stop herself from bawling. “But I really can’t forget about you, Finnick. I really can’t control how I feel about you. I thought you would wait for me… I…” 
Evelyn sobbed. 
Finnick felt even more guilty. 
At the thought of that, Evelyn was not to be blamed. After all, he had always thought that Evelyn was gone. Come to think of it, he was the one who had a change of heart between them. After gaining back her memory, Evelyn probably was at a loss when she returned from abroad to see that things had changed between them. 
But his heart belonged to Vivian, and there was no room for Evelyn. Right now, he could only do his best to make it up to Evelyn. 
“Evelyn, I have to bear responsibility for this. Just let me know how I can make it up to you, and I’ll do my best.” Finnick looked at Evelyn earnestly as he said that.
###Chapter 498
Chapter 498 
Deep in her heart, Evelyn was delighted after hearing Finnick’s promise to her. But she feigned a troubled look and bit her lip as she looked at Finnick. 
“Do… do you mean that, Finnick? Are you really willing to do anything for me?” 
“Yes.” Finnick nodded. Once again, he pledged to her. “Anything you want, Evelyn. I promise I’ll do my best.” 
Finnick thought to himself. I’ve ruined the life of a young and beautiful girl. I have to agree to anything that she asks for. 
With tears in her eyes, Evelyn said miserably, “Benedict kicked me out of Morrison residence after he found out that I’m not his biological sister. And now that I’m crippled, I really don’t know how I’m going to cope by myself. What am I going to do now?” 
Finnick appeared distressed when he thought of Evelyn’s current situation. He was a few years older than her, and they practically grew up together. Furthermore, she was his puppy love. Although their romantic relationship had turned into a platonic friendship, he still cared about Evelyn very much. 
“It’s okay, don’t worry. You have me. I’ll take care of you.” Finnick comforted Evelyn. 
There was a flash of joy in Evelyn’s eyes when she finally heard Finnick said the thing she’s been wanting to hear. Finnick did not notice her momentary joy because her head was bowed. 
“Okay.” Evelyn cried and nodded, and then she threw herself into Finnick’s arms. 
“You’re the only person I can depend on now, Finnick. You must never leave my side. I really love you. Promise me that you’ll stay by my side forever? We’ll just be like how we were ten years ago. Didn’t
you promise me ten years ago that we’ll be together forever?” 
Finnick instinctively wanted to push her away as she threw herself into his arms. But after thinking about her current condition, he had no choice but to hold her in his arms. 
Finnick was stunned and did not know what to say after hearing Evelyn said in his arms. He never thought that Evelyn would make such a request. 
Earlier on, he was mentally prepared to give away his properties to her if she were to ask for them. He was prepared to hire the best doctor to treat her, and he was going to hire the best medical team to look after her. He was prepared to bear all the expenses for the rest of her life. But to stay by her side forever… 
Vivian had never liked it when he remained in contact with Evelyn. And Evelyn was the reason why they always quarrelled. But if I were to agree with Evelyn, then what about Vivian and me? Am I to part ways with the person I loved the most from now on? 
“Evelyn, I…” With a little force, Finnick pushed her away from his embrace. He hesitated as he did not know what to say to her. 
Seeing the uncomfortable look on Finnick’s face, Evelyn panicked a little. She forced streams of tears from her eyes and looked at him pitifully. 
“Finnick, didn’t you just promised me that you would do anything for me? I really can’t live without you. There’s no reason for me to live if you’re not by my side. I’d rather die!” 
“Evelyn!” Finnick raised his voice and said with a stern expression. “How can you say such a thing? You should treasure your life.”
“Then, promise me that you’ll stay by my side. I don’t know how I’m going to continue to live like this if you’re not with me.” Evelyn cried even more pitifully. “I’m crippled now, Finnick. No one will take me for what I am now. And I don’t have any family. Do you expect me to live alone as a crippled?” 
Finnick felt a little moved after listening to Evelyn. But if he were to agree to Evelyn’s request, then what would happen to Vivian and himself? 
Finnick was in a dilemma. He was torn between choosing the love of his life and his lifelong responsibility. What am I to do?
###Chapter 499
Chapter 499 
Glancing at Evelyn, who was wailing in front of him, Finnick was fraught with guilt. He was the reason why Evelyn had up in this tragic fate. Now that Evelyn had asked for his help, he just couldn’t reject helping her. 
Not to mention, Evelyn said so herself before that she had no one else left to rely on.. At least in Vivian’s case, she could rely on Benedict to take care of her. He wanted to make sure Evelyn was brave enough to accept her current situation and move on with her life before leaving her to find Vivian. 
After pondering for a while, Finnick finally replied, “Okay, I promise that I’ll stay here with you.” 
“Really?” Evelyn was cavorting in joy. “Thank you, Finnick. Thank you so much!” She embraced him. 
Evelyn felt like she was on cloud nine. Vivian, even after robbing me of my place in the Morrison family, you still couldn’t get Finnick to love you. In the end, I’m the one that he really wants. 
Humph, with his shares in the Finnor Group as well as the Norton Corporation, Finnick’s earnings far exceed that of Benedict’s. Marrying him will unequivocally be more beneficial in contrast to staying back at the Morrison family. Ha! Who has the last laugh now! 
“It’s because of me that you ended up like this. Let me at least do this much to make it up to you.” Finnick gently pushed Evelyn back and added on, “You should lie down and rest. I have some things that I need to take care of. I’ll come back later.” 
“Okay, go do what you need to. I’ll be fine.” Having achieved her goal, Evelyn acted obediently. 
After helping Evelyn to lie down, Finnick turned around and left the ward.
Noah, who was waiting for Finnick outside the ward, hurriedly walked up to him. “Mr. Norton, what did Evelyn say?” Noah was afraid that Evelyn had made an unreasonable request to Finnick. 
Feigning ignorance at his question, Finnick gazed at him and uttered, “Give me the divorce agreement that was sent from Benedict. I’ll sign it.” 
“Mr. Norton, you really shouldn’t sign it!” Noah advised frantically as he knew that Evelyn was planning for this to happen. Mr. Norton wouldn’t have agreed to sign the divorce agreement if it wasn’t for Evelyn impinging on his relationship with Mrs. Norton. 
Noah was frustrated at himself for not being able to convey his thoughts about Evelyn to Finnick. 
“Mr. Norton, Mrs. Norton must be waiting for you to go and find her. You can’t…” As Noah was trying his best to convince Finnick, Finnick interrupted him and said, “I’m obstinate about my choice. Just hand me the divorce agreement.” 
Seeing as Finnick was adamant to sign the divorce agreement, Noah could only keep quiet and obey his order. “Okay, I’ll go back to the office and get them now.” Noah hastily left the hospital upon finishing his sentence. 
En route to the office, Noah was overwhelmed with regret. He felt that he had also played a part in exacerbating the relationship between Finnick and Vivian. Although he was threatened by Evelyn to betray Finnick, it didn’t change the fact that he was the one who did all those terrible things behind his back. 
Even Noah found it hard to forgive himself, let alone Vivian and Finnick. I’ll need to find opportunities to atone for my mistakes in the future. 
After getting the divorce agreement, Noah quickly went back to the hospital.
Looking at the divorce agreement in front of him, Finnick received the pen passed over by Noah but was hesitant of signing his name on it. 
The vivid memories of him and Vivian suddenly evoked in his mind, causing a sad feeling in his heart. If I were to sign my name on this piece of paper, it would mean that I’ve officially severed my ties with Vivian. 
Finnick forced out a smile. Are the wonderful memories we had together going to end just like this? Could their relationship be determined with just a signature on some documents? 
“Mr. Norton, you can still change your mind. It’s not too late for you to chase down Mrs. Norton.” Seeing the miserable look on Finnick’s face, Noah tried once again to convince him. 
Finnick was snapped out of his thoughts after hearing what Noah said. He then lifted his head to glance at the direction of Evelyn’s ward. The sight of Evelyn bursting into tears played in his mind again. Having strengthened his resolve, Finnick quickly signed his name onto the divorce agreement.
###Chapter 500
Chapter 500 
After signing the divorce agreement, Finnick handed it over to Noah without taking another look at it. “Send it to Benedict as soon as possible.” 
“Yes.” Noah reluctantly accepted the divorce agreement. He was chagrined of the fact that he had failed to persuade him in the end. 
“Help me look after Evelyn for a while. I’m going out to get some fresh air,” instructed Finnick. Finnick was very conflicted; he didn’t know how he should face Evelyn after this. What he needed was some space and time to figure out his next move. 
“Okay,” replied Noah. 
Finnick turned around and headed toward the exit of the hospital. The feeling of loneliness surrounded him as he walked out of the hospital. 
Glaring at the back of Finnick, Noah let out a sigh before diverting his gaze to the divorce agreement in his hand. Is it really over for Mr. and Mrs. Norton? 
Noah gritted his teeth in anger as he thought about the perpetrator behind all of this. He walked into Evelyn’s ward with the crumpled file in his hand. 
In the meantime, Evelyn was sitting nonchalantly on her bed, with a smug expression on her face. For a person who had just lost the ability to walk, she seemed rather delighted. 
As Noah entered the ward, Evelyn arrogantly gave out an order to him, “I’m craving for some apples. Help me peel one.” 
However, Noah just stood there and stared vacuously at her.
Miffed, Evelyn frowned after seeing Noah’s response. “What’s wrong? I’ll soon be the madam president of the Finnor Group. Do I not have the authority to order you around?” 
“What? You’re going to marry Mr. Norton?” Noah was shocked after hearing Evelyn’s words. Not only did Mr. Norton promised to divorce Vivian, but he also promised to marry Evelyn? 
Looking at Noah’s reaction, Evelyn was getting haughtier as she uttered, “Yes, but this was all possible because of you. Thank you so much for your help. Without you, It wouldn’t have been this successful.” 
Livid, Noah was clenching his fists. He could only endure her provocation as it was indisputable that he had indeed “helped” her in this matter all along. 
Noah was getting so furious to the point where his face turned bright red. “You deliberately fell down the stairs, right?” Noah impugned the truth behind her accident. 
“Ah, so you’ve seen through it.” Evelyn seemed unperturbed even after being exposed by Noah. “Yes, I did it intentionally.” 
Although Noah had speculated as much, he was still surprised upon hearing her admitting it in person. “You’re crazy! You might have to sit in a wheelchair for the rest of your life. Do you understand what you’ve gotten yourself into?” 
Noah was by no means worried about Evelyn. He just couldn’t comprehend how crazy and terrifying this woman could be. She was willing to go as far as hurting herself just to achieve her goal! Not to mention that the injury she had to sustain wasn’t just a scratch that would heal by itself after a few days. 
“Of course, I do!” Evelyn was also infuriated by Noah’s words. Having lost both her legs, it was impossible for her to realize the quagmire that she had gotten herself into. “If it meant that I could be
with Finnick forever, losing a pair of legs is a small price to pay. I’ll deign to do anything just to be with him!” Evelyn was getting riled up. 
“You are really crazy.” Noah took a step back away from Evelyn as he was frightened by her fiery eyes. “Is there nothing that you’re afraid of in this world?” Noah murmured in an incredulous tone. 
Although his voice was very low, Evelyn was still able to hear his response. “At least you know now. That being said, you’d better take what we’ve discussed here to the grave. If Finnick somehow got word about this, I’ll expose what you did to Vivian to the public. Also, don’t forget that your parents’ lives are still in my hands!” 
Glaring at the minatory look on her face as she was threatening him, the aversion Noah had for her grew even more. He felt that Evelyn was like a stain on his body that he couldn’t wash off no matter how hard he tried. He was very disgusted with that thought. 
“Evelyn, the one that Mr. Norton loves is Vivian. He would never fall for an abhorrent woman like you. All your petty schemes will fail you in the end!” 
Hearing the name Vivian being mentioned, Evelyn was furious. “Vivian is worthless to Finnick. I’m better than her in every aspect! Finnick would never like an ugly woman like her!”

###Chapter 501
Chapter 501 
“Mrs. Norton isn’t ugly. The ugly one here is you!” Noah retorted. “Furthermore, her personality is way better than yours. You could never be able to match her kindness in a million years.” 
Evelyn chuckled before taunting him, “Well, well. Who would’ve thought that you had a thing for Evelyn too? Does Finnick know about this?” 
“Only someone as despicable as you would think that way.” Noah seemed apathetic to her taunt. “Those who have a good taste in women would definitely choose Mrs. Norton over you!” 
“Shut up!” Evelyn’s voice was sharp enough to rupture a person’s eardrum. Noah’s statement reminded her of the choices that Benedict and Finnick made before. “What’s so great about Vivian? I don’t get why each and everyone of you are always fawning over her!” 
“At least she won’t plot against Mr. Norton and those who love him.” 
Evelyn sneered at him and responded, “Noah, you think you have the right to judge me? Don’t forget that you’re an accomplice too. You’ve also played a part in this.” 
“I would advise you to abstain from talking to me like this ever again. I’m not sure what I’ll end up doing to you in the heat of the moment.” 
Noah was speechless after hearing what she said. She’s right, I don’t have the right to act all high and mighty. I’m also taking advantage of Finnick and Evelyn’s trust in me to hurt them even more. 
After bringing Vivian with him to A Nation, Benedict was quick to arrange a new place for her to live. The Morrison Group was quite a lot of business in A Nation, so living there wouldn’t be a problem for them.
Having sorted everything out, Vivian wanted to do a pregnancy check-up at the hospital. She was worried that something bad might happen to her baby since she was moving around so much. 
“You haven’t fully recovered from the injuries yet. I’ll contact the doctor later and have them come to the house to do the check-up. You don’t need to bother going to the hospital.” Benedict was very attentive and thoughtful. 
“Okay.” Vivian nodded her head in gratitude. “Thank you, and sorry for troubling you in these past few days.” 
In the last few days, Benedict was scrupulous at taking care of Vivian. He provided a sense of security for her and gave her a place to go to. It made her understand the warmth and joy of having a brother who genuinely cared for her. 
“Don’t say that.” Benedict deliberately put on an angry face and gently tapped on her forehead with his finger. “As your brother, it is my responsibility to take care of you. You don’t need to treat me like a stranger.” 
“Okay.” Vivian smiled and rubbed her forehead before glancing at Benedict. “Ben,” uttered Vivian in a serious tone. 
She felt loved again. Yes, she had a brother. From that day onward, she would have someone to rely on. Someone she could whine at, as well as someone she could quibble and have a fight with. However, based on her personality, the probability of her doing these things was rather low. 
Benedict was touched to see the loving look on Vivian’s face. He reached out his hands and hugged Vivian. “Vivian, I won’t let anyone hurt you anymore. I’ll pay my dues to you from now on.” 
“Okay.” Vivian hugged him back, with tears in her eyes.
In the afternoon, Benedict invited a Chinese doctor over to the house. After a series of check-ups, the doctor informed Vivian that her body was weak and advised her to take good care of herself. 
“So the child is fine, right?” Vivian queried nervously. 
“Don’t worry, the baby is in pink of health.” The doctor assured her. “Since you’re an expectant mother now, you’ll need to get more rest. Besides that, you’ll also need to pay more attention to your diet. Try not to be picky with your food and make sure that you have a balanced diet,” the doctor added on. 
Knowing that her child was fine, Vivian breathed a sigh of relief. “Okay, I understand. Thank you, doctor. I’ll take good care of myself.” 
“Oh, I almost forgot…” 
The doctor continued exhorting her about all sorts of things. Perplexed by the surge of information into her head, Vivian realized that nurturing a baby was not an easy feat. Meanwhile, Benedict was paying more attention to the doctor than her, memorizing each and every word said by the doctor.
###Chapter 502
Chapter 502 
After the doctor was done mentioning the important details, Benedict thanked him and saw him off. 
Sitting on the couch, Vivian was feeling her stomach. I wonder if my future baby would look like me. Or… will the baby resemble him more? 
Evelyn’s heart started aching as she thought of Finnick. He must be acting all lovey-dovey with Evelyn right now. With me out of the way, they can finally be together. 
As Benedict walked into the room, he saw that Vivian was staring blankly at the ground looking sad and dejected. 
“What’s the matter?” asked Benedict in a tender voice as he was caressing her head. 
“Ben, the divorce agreement…” Vivian gave out a mild cough and feigned a smile before continuing, “Did Finnick sign it?” 
“Yes, I’ve received it from him this morning.” Benedict didn’t know how he should break it to her. He was caught off guard when Vivian mentioned it to him first. 
Glaring at her contrived smile, Benedict felt distressed. “Vivian, you don’t need to fake a smile when you’re sad.” 
“I’m not sad.” Vivian’s smile was getting brighter. “It was me who wanted the divorce. Now that it’s done, why would I be sad?” 
Usually, Benedict’s mood would be ameliorated whenever he saw Vivian’s contagious smile. However, the smile that Vivian had on her face right now, was too dazzling for his eyes.
“Vivian, I’m your bother. You don’t need to put up a front when you’re with me. You can cry if you feel like it.” 
Upon hearing Benedict’s words, tears started flowing out of her eyes before she could even wipe the smile off her face. 
“Ben…” Vivian was sobbing in his arms. She felt like she was suffocating. After breathing in a big gush of air, she continued wailing in pain. She seemed like she was letting out all her built-up frustrations and suffering that she had been enduring all this time. 
This is the last time that I’ll be crying because of him. Vivian made a promise to herself. I’ll forget about him, Evelyn and everything in the past. I have to move on with my life. Everything that happened between us is in the past now. It’s time to move on to a new chapter of my life. 
Benedict remained taciturn beside Vivian while gently patting her on the back, comforting her in silence. He knew that Vivian needed to bawl her eyes out just so she could finally let go of the past. 
After her eyes were all dried out, Vivian ceased crying. 
“Are you feeling better now?” Benedict wiped the tears off her face with a tissue. He then gave her a concerned look. 
“Yes.” Vivian’s voice was hoarse. She felt like her strength was depleted after crying so much. 
Taking a few deep breaths, Vivian slowly calmed herself down. That being said, she felt more comfortable and relaxed now that she had released her emotions. 
Vivian then glanced at Benedict with a determined look on her face.
“Ben, you won’t have to worry about me anymore. I’ll move on with my life and I’ll forget whatever happened in the past now. After all, I still have you and the baby. I will live happily together with you and my baby.” 
What happened with Finnick was just like a nightmare. Now that I’ve awoken from my dream, I’ll forget about it soon enough. 
Seeing that Vivian was brave to face her past, Benedict was rather proud of her. That’s my little sister! 
“Vivian, now that you’ve decided to start over, you should just ensconce yourself here in A Nation,” suggested Benedict in a serious tone. “Don’t worry, I’ll stay here with you too.” 
“But what about the family business?” Vivian was afraid that she would disrupt Benedict’s work. 
“To be honest with you, the Morrison Group has been doing better overseas in the last few years as there are more antiques being found overseas. So, I’ve decided to continue the family business here.” 
Having pondered about it for a sec, Vivian nodded. “Okay.” 
After hearing her response, Benedict smiled in relief.
###Chapter 503
Chapter 503 
“Alright then, I’ll go and settle the paperwork while you get settled. Regarding this file,” Benedict handed over the divorce agreement to Vivian. “I think it’s better for you to keep it.” 
Benedict gave Vivian a gentle hug before leaving the house. He knew that she needed some personal space. 
Glancing at the divorce agreement in her hand, Vivian had flashbacks of that day when she saw Finnick and Evelyn hateful at Finnick the more she thought about it. 
Let’s end it all here. We’ll be strangers if we do meet again. 
Five years later, at the airport of Sunshine City, an attractive-looking girl was walking toward the exit. She had lustrous hair and was wearing big sunglasses, which were covering about one-third of her face. The facial features left uncovered on her face were her dainty nose and her red lips. 
She was wearing a white shirt paired with black baggy pants. The combination of the two complemented very well with her slim figure. Although it was just a common style of clothing, the girl still looked fancy wearing them. 
Besides that, her high heels, which were dark blue in color, further illustrated her sense of style. She was giving off the vibes of a cool and classy beauty. 
That being said, the people passing by were let down when they noticed that she was walking with a little boy beside her, so they assumed that she was already taken. 
Unlike the cool beauty, the little boy was really cute.
His fair white skin, in addition to his exquisite facial features, made him look adorable. With his big eyes, the little boy was scanning his surroundings curiously. His eyes were very clean and clear as if he had never been corrupted before. 
If someone were to meet his eyes, the little boy would give out a bright smile, exposing his pearl white, enviable teeth. A few of the travellers there had fallen prey to that bright smile of his. 
“Mom, are they staring at me because of my good looks?” The little boy queried smugly while still maintaining that lovable smile of his. 
The woman was left speechless for a moment. Although her son was good in every other aspect, his only foible was that he was a bit narcissistic. I wonder who he got that from. It definitely couldn’t have been from me. I don’t hold myself in high regard. 
As for him… The woman paused her thoughts as she was disappointed in herself for thinking about him again. 
Having not yet heard a response from the woman, the little boy lifted his head up to glance at her; only to see that she was pondering about something with a sad look on her face. 
“Mom, are you okay? Mom?” Worried, the little boy shook her arm. 
After recovering her train of thought, the woman gazed down on her son. “Yes, they’re looking at you because you’re handsome. My cute little pumpkin is so lovable.” 
The little boy thought that he must’ve been hallucinating just now as his mother’s expression had reverted back to her beautiful and heart-warming smile. 
“Of course!” The little boy lifted his head up proudly as if he was the most handsome boy in the world.
The woman shook her head as she was amused by his action. Then, she exited the airport with the little boy. 
After leaving the airport, the woman was stupefied by the familiar yet strange sight she saw in front of her. It had been five years since she last set foot in this city of sorrow. 
The girl was none other than Vivian William who had left the city five years ago. She had now changed her name to Vivian Morrison. 
The little boy beside her was her child, Larry Morrison and his nickname was ‘little pumpkin’. He was very imaginative and crafty ever since he was little. The IQ and EQ of the kid didn’t match his age at all. 
Vivian initially had no intention whatsoever to return to this city. However, since the Morrison family had encountered some issues within its shares in one of the companies, she had no choice but to return with Benedict to this city and help him with the problem. 
As the problem was very urgent, Benedict had sent her back to the city first. 
The city had changed a lot in the last five years. Except for some of the main buildings, Vivian barely recognized the buildings around her as most of them had been renovated.
###Chapter 504
Chapter 504 
Before they returned, Benedict asked her if she had thought it through about going home. If she really did not want to see them, he would work something out regarding the problem with the shares. 
But it wasn’t like she didn’t know how difficult this problem would be. If it was not handled properly, Benedict’s position within Morrison Group would be seriously threatened. 
Over the years, Benedict has fulfilled the role of an older brother to the best of his ability. He had even spoiled Larry like he was his own son. But now that he’s in trouble, how could I turn a blind eye? 
It’s been five years. She had been away long enough. To begin with, it wasn’t her fault. She did not wrong anyone, so her conscience was clear. 
Furthermore, these five years had turned her into a strong and independent woman. She was no longer the ‘Vivian Williams’ who had to escape the country with Benedict. She now proudly went by her new identity, Vivian Morrison. 
She glanced down at her son. Her heart softened for a moment, and then quickly hardening again in determination. She was now a mother. Nobody would ever harm me and my child again! 
“Mom, look at him!” Larry shouted, pointing excitedly at the screen opposite the airport. 
Vivian turned to look at where he was pointing. Momentarily startled, she laughed bitterly to herself. Why does this have to be her first encounter with him upon landing? Is this some twisted fate between both of us? 
The screen broadcasted Finnick being interviewed by reporters.
He didn’t look much different compared to five years ago. He was still handsome and exuded the charm of a mature man with every gesture. With that look of his, girls were frantically nudging their friends and pointing at the screen. 
“Wow, he’s so handsome! I wonder if he’s married?” 
“You might not know this. He is a famous icon in our city. Mature and stable, excelling in his career, and looking like a movie star too. This is what a successful man looks like,” said one of the girls to her companion. “You’ve skip a trip to our city back then, and now look at how many hot guys you’ve missed. Are you regretting now?” 
“Yes!” The friend nodded frantically. “I wonder if he’s still attached?” 
Her little friend sighed. “I heard he got married five years ago, but I think they got divorced. I am not sure about now.” 
“A man like that will be more irresistible after a divorce.” 
The pair wandered off as they gossiped. Vivian could hardly hear them, but she had a vague idea. 
She smiled to herself. I wonder if they knew what he did, would they still worship him like that? 
Vivian examined Finnick’s magnified face on the screen. She was surprised to notice upon close examination of his brows, eyes, nose, and lips that there was shockingly little difference compared to five years ago. Every detail of that handsome face was still crystal clear in her memory, to the point where she felt nothing but a sweet sense of familiarity. 
If she had to pick out something different from five years ago, she would have to admit that he had become more mature. Five years ago, Vivian was able to read Finnick through his eyes. But now,
they’ve become more distant, detached, like he’d built walls around them. She could not see what was within these eyes anymore like she used to be able to. 
“Mom! Mom!” Larry stared at the screen a little longer and confirmed his notion. 
“What is it?” Vivian was surprised by how her son was drawn to Finnick’s presence on the screen. Could this be explained by the bond between father and son? Even though they’d never met, Larry was able to recognize Finnick right away from a crowd. 
“Mom, do you think the man on the TV looks a lot like me?” Larry studied Finnick’s face closely. There’s somebody in the world who looks so much like me! 
Vivian felt a squirm of anxiety at his question. Has he noticed something? 
No, it’s not possible, Vivian reassured herself. Even if he was bright, he was just a five-year-old boy. She and Benedict definitely had not told him anything about Finnick before. Vivian told her son that his father had passed away before he was born. He shouldn’t think much more about it.
###Chapter 505
Chapter 505 
Vivian forced a smile. “Little pumpkin, you are young and he is old. How do you look like him?” 
Actually, Larry’s features resembled hers, but the expressions he displayed reminded Vivian of Finnick sometimes. They were father and son after all. 
“I don’t know,” replied Larry, frustrated. “It feels like I’ve met him somewhere before, but I can’t remember.” 
Larry looked as though he was trying to extract information on Finnick from the depths of his memory, but this was of course impossible. 
Feels like? Vivian was amused yet nervous at her son’s remark. This is Larry’s first encounter with Finnick through the television, and he could feel the connection. If he met his father one day… Or if his father met him one day, would he feel that same kind of connection toward his son? 
Vivian clutched her son’s hand tightly at that thought, suddenly feeling afraid. Not in a million years, Larry is mine! 
“Mom, it hurts.” Larry frowned in pain and tried to wrench his hand away. 
“Huh?” Vivian regained her senses and loosened her grip. “I’m sorry my darling, I was too rough with you, wasn’t I? Let me make it all better.” Vivian knelt before him and blew gently on his hand. 
Larry secretly rolled his eyes. Mom still treats me like a child. 
“Mom, do you think that man on the TV looks like me?” Larry persisted. 
“Does he?” Vivian looked on with a solemn expression. “I don’t see any resemblance.”
She massaged his hands a little more, then stood up and led him out of the airport. “Alright, Larry. Uncle Benedict is still waiting for us at home. Didn’t you say you miss him? Let’s get home, shall we?” 
“Okay!” At the mention of his favorite uncle, Larry forgot about his question and ran joyfully towards the gate. “Mom, hurry up! We’re going to Uncle Benedict!” 
“Coming!” Vivian felt better after seeing how happy her son was. “Slow down and watch out for traffic, will you?” 
Soon after, they pulled up at the Morrison residence. 
“Uncle!” Larry broke of his mother’s grip and ran towards Benedict as quickly as his short legs could carry him. 
Benedict was startled but knelt down with his arms opened wide as he missed his nephew as well. Larry leaped into his arms joyfully. 
In Benedict’s embrace, Larry rubbed his face against his chest. Looking up at his uncle with tears in his eyes, he whispered, “I miss you, Uncle Benedict.” 
Aside from his mother, the person who loved Larry the most in this world was his uncle. He hadn’t been away from Benedict for this long before, so he missed him dearly. 
Benedict’s heart wrenched as he heard the little fellow telling him that he missed him. “Well, I miss you too. Have you been a good boy and listen to your mother?” 
Larry was feeling warm and fuzzy with his uncle until he said that. Larry pursed his lips with indignation. Why is everybody treating me like a child today? I am a big boy now! 
Larry looked up from Benedict’s chest and surveyed the house. “Uncle, is this our other house?”
“That’s right.” Benedict tousled Larry’s hair. “Do you like it? I’ll send someone to show you your room, okay? If there’s anything you don’t like, we can have it replaced for you.” 
“Okay!” Larry said, running out of Benedict’s arms. “Uncle, where is my room?” He took his room as his private sanctuary, so he was rather particular about the place. 
Benedict shook his head in amusement at the child who went from secretly shedding tears in his arms to being excited at the prospect of having his own bedroom. Kids being kids.
###Chapter 506
Chapter 506 
Benedict instructed a servant to show Larry his room, and reminded her to care for his safety. 
“You really spoil him.” Vivian watched the servant lead Larry up the stairs carefully, then turned and looked at Benedict helplessly. 
“Don’t worry, I won’t go too far. I definitely won’t spoil your precious son,” Benedict said jokingly as he grabbed Vivian’s purse and hung it on a rack for her. 
Vivian just shook her head. She sat down on the couch with Benedict across from her. 
“Why didn’t you let me know that you’re coming back?” asked Benedict. “I could have picked you up from the airport. Didn’t you say that you were going to come back a few days later?” 
“Yes, I did but Larry was very insistent about seeing his uncle again, so I have no choice but to return earlier,” she said, laughing. “I was afraid that you’d be busy, so I didn’t want to disturb you.” 
“I would always make time for my sister and nephew, no matter how busy I get.” Benedict looked at her sternly. “Do you think of me as your brother?” 
“Okay, okay,” Vivian said, waving a hand. After all these years, she still felt awful whenever he said something like that. “Ben, we’re a family. There’s no need to be so gracious all the time. Besides, Larry and I got here safely, don’t we? You’re not going to pull a long face with us as soon as we’re here, are you?” 
Finally, Benedict’s expression softened and he smiled. Vivian was getting better and better at being coy with him. How could I remain angry after she said that?
With Vivian full of smiles before him, a hint of worry arose in his eyes. Is this the right decision to make? 
“What’s wrong, Ben?” Vivian asked, as she noticed the change in his gaze. 
Benedict became stern again. “How does it feel to be back? If you do not wish to remain here, I can arrange for both of you to be sent back.” 
“It’s nothing,” Vivian replied casually. She looked at him seriously and said, “Ben, I didn’t do anything wrong back then. There’s nothing to run away from anyway. What’s more, I don’t want to have to escape like I did five years ago. This time, I want to face everything head-on.” 
Benedict observed the determination and seriousness in his sister’s eyes. He knew in his heart that Vivian intended to get some closure on that chapter of her life. 
Though she appeared to be happy living abroad all those years, Benedict couldn’t help but notice that she sometimes got lost in thought when she looked at Larry with grief in her eyes. Almost as though she looked through him and saw someone else. Benedict understood perfectly. That incident was like a knot in her heart. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have shut herself out of any relationship in the past five years. 
The only person to resolve this would be the person who had caused it in the first place. It’s a good thing that she decided to come back after all. Only by getting closure will she be able to get a fresh start in life. 
“Since you’ve decided, I will always be by your side to support you.” 
“Thanks, Ben.” Vivian felt very touched. For the past five years, Benedict had always had her back in every decision she made. He was the source of all her strength and determination.
He patted Vivian’s shoulder lightly. “There’s an auction for antique tomorrow,” Benedict said. “We are the organizer, so I would like you to attend it.” 
“Hmm, is it appropriate for me to do that?” Vivian looked doubtful. 
“Of course,” Benedict replied matter-of-factly. “Everybody is curious to meet the infamous Ms. Morrison. It’s time for them to learn the truth about your identity.” 
“Alright then.” Vivian nodded cautiously. She must present herself at her absolute best, so as to not embarrass Benedict and Morrison Group. 
After five years, this was the first time that Morrison Group had organized an auction in Sunshine City. It was a highly anticipated event. 
The auction was set to take place in one of the well-known hotels in Sunshine City. At this moment, there was cautious tape all around the hotel’s perimeter. Admission for the general public was not permitted, which meant that the only people allowed in were the elites of Sunshine City.
###Chapter 507
Chapter 507 
On the second floor of the hotel, the banquet hall had been transformed into an exhibition hall. Shelves made of glass proudly displayed antiques of various eras in history. As the light shone from the top four corners of the shelves, the exhibits shimmered in extravagance. 
Though the auction had not officially begun, the guests were already crowding the hall. At this moment, their conversational topics only revolved around exhibits they had their eye on, estimation of the prices, and the unveiling of the infamous Ms. Morrison. 
They have met Evelyn, of course. She was a stunner of fair and bright complexion, but also a rose with very sharp thorns. Evelyn had rejected more than her fair share of eligible suitors back in the day. 
However, the Morrison family revealed some startling news around five years ago. Evelyn was not actually a Morrison but somebody else. 
Though the Morrison family was not what it once was, their influence was still strong within the fabric of society. They were a large clan within their homestead of Sunshine City, with many sharp eyes scrutinizing each and every move they made. As soon as the news of the return of the real Ms. Morrison was leaked, the media promptly circulated it and caused a frenzy within the city. 
Many wanted a glimpse of this famous young woman given her status and the mystery behind her identity. However, the Morrison family did not make any official announcement on her then. After all these years, the matter almost vanished from public memory but was once again jolted back by the news that Ms. Morrison would be attending the auction. 
That was why aside from the ones who were truly interested in the auction, there were a lot of attendees who were just there to get a glimpse of Ms. Morrison. Especially those rich old ladies who were looking for a wife for their sons.
“Tell me, what does this Ms. Morrison look like? Evelyn Morrison was not bad looking, but it was her attitude that I couldn’t stand.” 
This tasteful comment was passed by Mrs. Litt of Dash Technologies. She once intended to be in-laws with the Morrisons through her son. But Evelyn rudely left her aside without even completing two sentences of conversation. 
The lady next to her scoffed inwardly. Not a good enough match for you? You were the one who went up to her and tried to gain favors, and she ignored you. Now the tables have turned when you heard that Evelyn isn’t a Morrison,! 
Though she had these thoughts, she kept them to herself. Instead, she smiled and said, “Yes, according to my observations, this young lady wouldn’t be too bad looking too. We’ve met Benedict Morrison, haven’t we? This girl is his sibling; she would share his good looks too. If she’s to your satisfaction, she would be a good match for your son.” 
She didn’t intend to contradict herself in this manner, but her husband had reminded her repeatedly to be on Mrs. Litt’s good side before she came to the auction. He was hoping to secure better opportunities to do business with Dash Technologies through her connection. 
“We shall wait and see,” Mrs. Litt said. These words have struck a chord in her. She still has not gotten over the slight by Evelyn. It ate her up for days. Even worse, she wasn’t able to confide to anyone about it. 
As these two ladies were predicting what the new Ms. Morrison would be like, the entrance to the exhibition hall swung open with a commotion. The attendees turned to look towards the door. 
Amidst stupefied stares, a young lady emerged and walked slowly into the hall.
A long skirt of pearl gray adorned her waist. There was a deep V design that flaunted her slender arms and exquisite collarbones. From the waist down to her heels, the dress flowed like liquid mercury. The back of her attire was bare, which partially exposed her pale back with every step she took and the rhythmic sway of her hip. 
Vivian’s outfit was elegant, and it brought out the best in her as she had hoped. 
Vivian clutched Benedict’s arm tightly as they walked. Her heart was thumping wildly with all eyes fixed on her. 
She had come prepared, but she could not suppress the mild shiver that came involuntarily. After all, her identity was made public knowledge. After today, perhaps her old friends would have gotten the news of her return. What would they think if they saw her in the present?
###Chapter 508
Chapter 508 
“Is this dress appropriate?” Vivian whispered to Benedict while keeping her eyes directly to the front. 
“It’s very beautiful,” Benedict said confidently with a slight smile. To be honest, he was overwhelmed when Vivian emerged from the fitting room dressed in that. When he regained his senses, he realized that Vivian William was merely a faded memory now. Vivian Morrison was a completely new person. 
Vivian William was beautiful, yes, but she was insecure; it took a long time of being around her to realize the beauty within her that she had trouble expressing. But now, she was able to grab and hold the attention of an entire crowd with the way she held herself. The pain that she had endured all this time had been turned to her advantage after all. It was now the strength that bore her confidence, and that confidence made her shine like a star. 
“So this is the true Ms. Morrison. My God, she is beautiful.” The men in the crowd were transfixed. 
“Yes. Look at the way she carries herself. Wow” 
“Mrs. Litt, I think that she’s a good match for your son,” the woman who was flattering Mrs. Litt said. “If they ended up together, it would be a match made in heaven.” 
Mrs. Litt looked on and nodded in approval. 
There was another attendee, a young lady, who stood studying Vivian’s silhouette with doubt in her heart. This Ms. Morrison looks awfully familiar. Where have I seen her before? But that was impossible. She was sure that she had never met Ms. Morrison before today. 
The longer she stared, the more she felt certain that she had seen her before. She searched hard in her memory. Got it! “I remember now!” the girl yelled.
The crowd had their attention fully fixed on Vivian. At the sound of her voice, everybody jumped and turned to look at her accusatorily. What if Ms. Morrison gets offended at the interruption? 
At the realization of her volume and the disturbance she had caused, the girl frantically apologized to those who stood nearest to her. However, she was still excited as she said, “I know where I’ve seen Ms. Morrison before. Wasn’t she Finnick Norton’s wife, Vivian William?” 
Though she had never met Vivian William, but she had seen photos of her on Twitter. As she was infatuated with Finnick at that time, she paid special attention to what his wife looked like. She thought that Finnick had poor taste in women, that he had selected such a plain-looking woman to be his wife. 
But as she gazed at the woman standing in front of her, she had to admit that her features had not changed much. Why is she breathtakingly beautiful today to be able to capture the attention of an entire hall? 
At her declaration, the crowd turned to stare at Vivian in surprise. 
“Finnick Norton’s wife? How is it possible that she is the Morrison girl?” 
“I don’t know. What’s going on?” 
“I heard that she had divorced Finnick five years ago, and then vanished. How did she suddenly become Ms. Morrison?” 
“What an unexpected plot twist. She switched identities with Evelyn Morrison,” someone in the crowd said as they scoffed. 
“What do you mean?” The people around the speaker turned to look at him.
“You mean you don’t know?” The man looked surprised, then excited when he realized that he had gossip that no one was aware of. “I’ll tell you. I had a friend who knew Finnick. Turns out that Evelyn is currently living with him. What do you think their relationship is?” He looked around smugly as if to say ‘if you know what I mean’. 
“Are they married?” 
“Not as far as I know of, but they’ve been living together for several years. The wedding should happen any time now.” 
“I see.” 
The crowd looked astonished. They glanced over at Vivian again. Though they were still captivated by her beauty, they had the malicious glint of gossip in their eyes. 
Vivian and Benedict listened to all that had transpired. He tugged lightly at Vivian’s arm. “Vivian,” he whispered. “Don’t take this personally.” 
“It’s nothing, Ben,” she replied as she turned to return his smile. Since she was already here, it meant that she had made the preparations to endure the gossip about her past. If she was not capable of handling even this, then she wouldn’t even have considered returning.
###Chapter 509
Chapter 509 
Turns out, they were living together for a long time and were just only considering marriage. 
With a supreme effort to push her doubts aside, she straightened up, raised her head, and walked forwards. She had promised herself once before. She will never back off again! 
The guests have mostly arrived. The auction was due to begin shortly. 
As everybody was settling down, a voice said, “Isn’t that the president of Finnor Group, Finnick Norton? Why is he here?” 
Vivian’s heart clenched. She betrayed a look of terror. It doesn’t take long to run into him! 
Benedict felt his sister’s grip on his arm tighten. Patting her arm encouragingly, he said, “Vivian, I’m here with you. Don’t be nervous.” 
“Hmm.” She nodded and regained some calmness. She was not afraid, but this happened much earlier than she had expected. Well, it’s not a big deal. 
Vivian took two deep breaths and entered the exhibition hall. 
Finnick wore a plain black suit. As always, it looked superb in both the quality and the cutting. It was obvious that it was tailored for his frame. 
Though she had seen him on screen at the airport, she was forced to admit that after seeing him in person, his charm had only increased over these years. 
Finnick’s features were as sharp as ever. His broad frame combined with his cold demeanor had commanded respect from the crowd so naturally.
He was also different from his on-screen appearance. There, he smiled easily and navigated the reporter’s tricky questions with ease. Here, however, she shuddered at the glum and intimidating air that seemed to follow him around, infecting all who came in contact with him. 
If Finnick was considered cold and kept others hesitant from approaching him five years ago, his current persona struck fear in them to the point that it kept them completely at bay. 
Finnick scanned the crowd and spotted Vivian and froze as soon as he recognized her. 
Finnick ignored her beautiful dress, her exquisitely applied makeup, and even the man whose arm she was clutching. The truth was, he did not even notice the person next to her. 
All Finnick saw were Vivian’s eyes. The sight that had haunted him in his dreams for five years. 
They were still beautiful. Bright and misty, just like the first time they met, without any impurities. He saw right through her eyes into her soul. Vivian stood rigid and observed Finnick too. There was no escaping it; fear was not an option today. She was all calm. 
No, calmness was merely for show. Beneath its tranquil overcoat, there was something else… 
It was hatred. 
Deep-set hatred and patience to hold back the hatred that made Finnick feel deeply uneasy. 
They just stared at each other like no one else mattered. It was as if they were the only two people left on earth. 
The crowd stayed quiet, glancing at both of them in turn. They could hardly believe that the subjects of their gossip had now turned up in front of their very eyes.
After a long silence, they began whispering again. Soon after that, the regular hubbub of chatter filled the hall once more. 
“What is going on? The way they’re looking at each other, do they still have the flame?” 
“Hey, you tell us.” Somebody shoved the man who gossiped about Evelyn earlier. “Didn’t you say that Evelyn is now living with Finnick? What’s going on then?” 
“I’m not sure,” he replied, puzzled. “I heard it from a friend. He said that Evelyn is paralyzed in both legs. All these years, it was Finnick who cared for her, but he never intended on marrying her. I’ve always thought that he cared for her health, and would marry her in two years. Turns out he might still miss his ex-wife?” 
“I think, from the way he’s looking into Ms. Morrison’s eyes, he is able to read her inside out *
###Chapter 510
Chapter 510 
“This isn’t right too. Even if he was willing to care for Evelyn, it shows that she has a place in his heart. But why would he look at your ex-wife like that? If he really cared for her, why would he divorce her?” 
The crowd stood in uncomfortable silence following his words. Then, one after another, they shook their heads. “Who knows, maybe Finnick loves both of them?” 
Vivian couldn’t hear much over the commotion. She only managed to catch snatches of Evelyn being disabled, and Finnick caring for her. 
She was surprised to hear of Evelyn’s disability. That thought was followed by a dilemma in her heart. Turns out that Finnick loves Evelyn this much. He still cares for her for so many years even after she became a cripple. 
Vivian thought of that year when he ordered Noah to take her for an abortion. She sighed sadly to herself. To Finnick, one of them was the one that got away, the other was now his ball and chain. They were a world of difference. 
Vivian dropped her gaze first. She turned and marched off to the auction with Benedict on her arm, without sparing Finnick another glance. 
Finnick however kept his eyes on Vivian’s back. As he watched her back sway with the motion of her stride, he was suddenly aware of her change. She wouldn’t be wearing something as sexy as this in the past. 
He received the news today that Benedict was back in the country, and that the Morrison family was going to organize an auction, of which Ms. Morrison would also be in attendance.
When Finnick heard that, he became aware that his heart that had quelled for five years had begun beating wildly again. Five years ago, Benedict said that Vivian William was his sister. Could the long- awaited Ms. Morrison actually be Vivian William? 
After pulling several strings, he managed to secure an invitation for himself and made his way over to the hotel. She’s finally back! 
His heart that was beating wildly suddenly stopped at the very moment when he set eyes on her. It’s been five years. I have finally seen her again, but… 
Finnick recalled the way she looked at him earlier and felt anxious. It was as though he couldn’t see his reflection in her eyes anymore. Did she learn to shield her emotions, or did he cease to exist in her heart now? 
Hands balled into fists, Finnick’s eyes gleamed with determination. Now that she’s back again, I won’t let her go again! 
Finnick followed the Morrisons into the auction venue. The crowd dispersed after the subjects of their gossip left. One after another, they made their way into the auction hall. 
As soon as everybody was seated, the host announced that the auction was about to begin. 
The first item was a set of very common porcelain. The only bidders for those were some amateur collectors, most likely for practice. They cost between thirty to a hundred thousand. 
The bidders after the big-ticket items remained silent because they understood that the valuables would be saved for later. 
At this point, the auctioneer pointed at a newly delivered item and said, “Alright, next up is the most interesting item of the day. Does anyone care to venture a guess?”
The auctioneer let slip a mysterious smile. “I think none of you would be able to deduce what it is.” 
The crowd was hanging on to every word the auctioneer said. Their eyes were mad with curiosity. An antique auction like this would usually showcase porcelain and art by various historical figures. What else could be described as “interesting”? 
The crowd started gossiping among themselves as to what the red box contained. Some of the bidders were visibly irritated by the antics of the auctioneer’s and made no effort to hide their impatience. 
As a man who employed theatrics modestly, he knew when he had captured the absolute attention of his audience. Without tormenting them any longer, he announced, “This very special item is a ring.” 
At his words, the crowd started hissing. What’s so special about this ring? It has no origin story. They don’t even know which time period it came from.
###Chapter 511
Chapter 511 
The crowd fell silent when the auctioneer opened the box to reveal the ring. But an instant later, there was an uproar. 
“How is that a special item?” 
“I thought it was a ring worn by an emperor or some concubine. What is this?” 
“This isn’t special. This isn’t even an antique! Looks to me like a modern piece of craft.” 
“If you are going to include modern items, you might as well auction an antique ring. What is the ring about? Are you insulting us?” 
“I guess there’re no other items worth bidding for after this.” 
Despite the contempt the crowd had for the ring, Finnick’s eyes widened at the sight of the ring. He grasped the handle of his chair tightly as his whole body trembled with rage. 
How could it be? How dare she? 
Finnick stared angrily at Vivian a few rows in front of him As if by telepathy, Vivian looked back and met his gaze. 
Vivian smiled at the sight of Finnick’s ill-concealed anger. She ridiculed him as well as herself. 
What right does he have to be angry? It was his cruelty and betrayal that had shaped their lives to what it had become. She just wanted to auction off their wedding ring. 
From now on, this ring to her is only an item to be used to exchange for money. It no longer bore any sentimental value.
She intended to make peace with her past and move on once and for all. 
Move on from the foolish, starry-eyed Vivian William who fell in love with Finnick. 
But now, Vivian asked herself. Is it really just to move on from the past? If she was serious about moving on, why did she have to sell their wedding ring in front of Finnick? When she witnessed his anger, why did the sight please her? 
Not daring to think much deeper, Vivian turned back to the front to look at the wedding ring on stage. 
Does she have any reluctance? Of course. 
She used to be so fond of it that she never took it off, not even when she was in the shower. After the incident, she was so pained by the sight of it that she took it off and locked it in a drawer. It stayed there for five years. It was as though all the feelings she had for Finnick were condensed into this tiny ring. 
To Vivian, this ring was a representation of them and their past together. For five years, she did not dare to look at it, for fear of being reminded by the sweetness and bitterness of their marriage. She was afraid that it would come tumbling down, burying her completely and destroying her. 
Before returning back here, she mustered the courage to retrieve it. Holding it tightly in her hand, Vivian reminded herself that she was about to go back. Five years ago, she didn’t have the courage to face this. Now, the time was right. 
When she decided to auction this ring, it nearly broke her heart, because it did felt like she was giving a piece of her heart away. It hurt her so much that she trembled. 
But if it doesn’t hurt, how would it ever heal?
“Order, everybody. Order.” The auctioneer raised his hands and when silence fell, he told the story of the ring’s origin. 
“The owner of this item is Ms. Morrison of the Morrison Group. To her, this ring carries a special meaning. Let us give her a warm welcome to get on stage and tell us about the story behind the ring.” 
Under the gaze of the crowd, Vivian walked slowly towards the stage. Watching her walking step by step closer to the stage, Finnick felt that she was inching away from him. 
“Hello, everybody. My name is Vivian Morrison, the owner of this ring. As the auctioneer has pointed out, this ring holds a very special meaning for me. I would like to put it up for auction today. At the same time, I would also like to pass on a message to the new owner of this ring. If you’re willing to endure cutting away the pain, you will be able to get a new start with your life. Thank you very much for your attention.” 
Vivian bowed slightly to the crowd, and resumed her seat.
###Chapter 512
Chapter 512 
Vivian Will- no, Vivian Morrison got off the stage without even looking at him. Finnick let out a bitter laugh. 
However, he felt as if her speech was directed to him. 
Cutting away the pain? Does she want to cut away the feelings between us? That’s impossible, I wouldn’t allow it! 
“Alright, the bid starts at zero, as requested by Ms. Morrison. You are to bid at any price.” 
“Twenty thousand.” 
“Thirty thousand.” 
“Fifty thousand.” 
Though they complained about the ring’s plainness in design, the crowd bid furiously, intent on impressing the Morrisons. 
Spending several thousand was little compared to the favor they would get in return from Benedict and Vivian. If an opportunity to work with Morrison Group could materialize, this small loss was insignificant. 
And since this was an event organized by the Morrison Group, the attendees comprised mostly of people and entities in business with the Morrisons frequently. They were considered friends and were more than willing to support Benedict. 
“A hundred thousand.” 
“A hundred and twenty thousand.”
“A hundred and fifteen thousand.” 
The bid climbed steadily. Vivian’s mouth hung open slightly in disbelief that her ring would fetch this much. How could someone spend hundreds of thousands on this ring? Aside from the meaning it held for her, she didn’t think it was worth much. 
Vivian glanced sideways at Benedict. He seemed to find this completely normal. In fact, he smiled like he was enjoying himself. 
At last, the bid approached two hundred thousand, and no one else dared to beat it. 
“This gentleman at number seven bids two hundred thousand,” the auctioneer called. “Anyone else?” 
The crowd remained silent. They did their best to show their support. Two hundred thousand for a ring like that is just crazy. If it goes up any further, it is no longer a favor but the act of a fool. 
Vivian sighed in relief when no one else bid a higher price. It was already unimaginable to her when the ring fetched a high price of two hundred thousand. If this went on, she would be feeling really guilty. 
“Anyone else?” the auctioneer asked, to no avail. 
“Two hundred thousand going once…” The auctioneer raised his gavel. 
“Two hundred thousand…” 
“One million,” a deep male voice interrupted him just as the auctioneer was about to strike the gavel. 
One million! The crowd turned around to the source of the voice, to see what kind of a fool would bid away his inheritance.
However, their incredulity transformed into comprehension when they detected the source. Who else would spend a million on an ordinary ring? Of course, it is her ex-husband. 
“I told you Finnick still had feelings for his ex-wife. Why else would he spend that kind of money on the ring?” 
“A million! My God, I thought it ended in a divorce? What’s going on?” 
“I didn’t think that Mr. Norton would be so generous even with his ex-wife.” 
“Is this part of the routine of a reconciliation? To first make the lady smile?” 
“They say that a man who’s willing to spend on you truly loves you. Why would Ms. Morrison even divorce a man like that? If it were me, I wouldn’t leave him even if I get clobbered to death!” 
Finnick paid no attention to the gossip surrounding him. He looked straight at Vivian. He did not call for a bid earlier because he was busy studying her expression. 
As soon as the bid exceeded the six-digit mark, he saw Vivian’s worried frown. Finnick was pleased to see that. He knew that deep in her heart, she didn’t really want to get rid of the ring. 
But when the auctioneer banged the gavel to his bid of a million, he saw Vivian heave a long sigh, her face looking relieved. What does it mean? Was she frowning because she couldn’t bear to part with it? What is the reason? Does she feel embarrassed that the price is too low?
###Chapter 513
Chapter 513 
Sensing the anger rising in his chest, Finnick took a few deep breaths in an attempt to control it. Fine! Let’s do it her way! 
Hearing the familiar voice and the preposterously high price, it was as though a fire was set ablaze in Vivian’s soul, rage pulsing through her veins. What is this bstard doing? Attempting to paint himself as a good husband after all the sht he’s done? 
Blinded by her fury, Vivian decided to outbid Finnick. “One and a half million!” With anger clouding her judgment, she added five hundred thousand on top of the price Finnick bid. That man is not leaving with this ring today! I will not have it! That will be the polar opposite of today’s intention! 
“What is going on?” The crowd was dumbstruck. 
“Can you bid for the very thing you put up for an auction?” 
“I don’t think there are any rules against it…” 
“B-But why? Although it will cost you only a little in the end, what’s the point? Besides, didn’t they say there is some meaningful reason or whatsoever behind selling the ring? Why is she bidding for it now?” 
“No clue. I’m just as lost as you are.” Murmurs and whispers arose from the room as the crowd tried to make sense of the scene that was playing in front of their eyes. 
Finnick glanced at his former wife, realization dawning on him. Ah, so it has nothing to do with money. She just doesn’t want me to get it. 
The anger in Finnick’s chest flared up even higher. Memories from years ago flooded to the surface. He remembered instances where he had given in, where he had compromised. But in the end, she still left
me in the dust and without contact for five long years! And now, after so long, she has returned, only to cut ties with me completely? And with such enthusiasm! 
“Two million,” Finnick announced coolly. 
Finnick refused to let Vivian get rid of him and their memories together so easily. Not then, not in a million years. 
“Two- Did I mishear it?” 
“Are my ears deceiving me?” 
“I am now certain that Finnick is still madly in love with his ex-wife. If he isn’t, well, I’ll be damned and the sun shall rise from the west tomorrow.” 
“Why do I not have an ex-husband like this? Wait… How did they manage to make one feel jealous of their divorce?” 
“Two million! That’s enough for a luxurious car, a mansion, a grand renovation… All that money f-for a ring? There aren’t even any diamonds on it!” 
Another wave of commotion rippled through the crowd as the people became visibly agitated. 
Vivian was on the edge of losing her mind. Two million! Does Mr. Moneybags think he’s made of money? Or does money grow on the trees in his backyard? 
It’s fine. Everything’s fine. The crowd’s voices reminded Vivian that even if she outbid Finnick at the end, she would only lose a little commission fee. There was no way in hell she would let Finnick lay his hands on the ring. 
“Two and a half million.” Vivian felt stupid as she called out that price, sensing all eyes on her.
By now, the crowd could no longer contain their amusement. What a show put on by two idiots. A few in the audience snickered, clearly enjoying themselves. 
Hearing the number bid by Vivian, Benedict frowned slightly. Not regarding the price, no. That wasn’t the issue. Not to mention, no amount of money could ever be worth up to his sister. It’s just that, for the past five years, Benedict had never seen his sister so riled up. 
She was always gentle and caring, with a smile constantly on her lips. Even on rare occasions when she’s upset, Vivian never let her tears fall in front of anyone but herself. That way, she could spare himself and her precious child from worrying. 
At that point, however, Finnick managed to arouse her dormant rage with a snap of his fingertips. The very person that regarded a few hundred thousand as exorbitant was now willingly bidding millions, purely out of spite. 
Seeing Vivian with her fists clenched tight, face burning hot and eyes glimmering with wrath, Benedict couldn’t deny that she looked so full of life. Mixed emotions swirled within his heart. 
Perhaps—just perhaps—she’s still the same person. She’s still Vivian. Does that mean she’s still in love with Finnick? 
Concern flickered across Benedict’s face at that thought, distressed. No, Finnick Norton had hurt her once, I will not let that happen ever again! Not if I can help it! 
“Three million.” Without hesitation, Finnick raised his paddle. 
The initial shock of the crowd had subdued. Everyone decided it was better to keep their mouth shut and enjoy the spectacle. After all, Finnick Norton was notorious for his riches. A mere three million was
nothing but a number to him. It was no longer the money that interested them anyways, but rather who would win—Finnick or Vivian? 
The drama between the ex-married couple had got them hooked. 
Even Vivian was stunned by the price called out by Finnick. What is he up to? What does he want? It was him who didn’t want me back then. So why is he putting up this “lovesick ex-husband” act now?
###Chapter 514
Chapter 514 
Looking around herself, Vivian was aware that the crowd has gone from bewildered to entertained. The mocking gazes bore into her head, causing her to feel as if she were a paid actress whose purpose was to put up a scene. The look in Finnick’s eyes frustrated her even more. 
If I continue playing this game with him, I might lose up to a couple of hundred thousand. And he surely isn’t worth it. 
Regaining her senses, Vivian clenched her teeth and put down the paddle in her hand, resentment coursed through her veins. Forget it! I’ll let him have his way. So what if he got the ring? As long I don’t care, it doesn’t matter. 
After Vivian backed down, this round of bidding ended, closing the curtains of the “play” starring her and Finnick, allowing the ring to end up in Finnick’s hands with a sky-high price of three million. 
The auctioneer had a hard time concealing his smile as the gavel hit the table for the third time, calling this round of bidding to an end. Never in his wildest dreams would he have imagined a simple ring as such could win such an extravagant bid. The auctioneer’s eyes shone just by thinking about how much commission he would be receiving. 
Before long, another item was brought onstage, signaling the start of a new round, causing the crowd to redirect their attention towards the auction. Even so, Vivian could still hear soft mutterings from the crowd, all of which consisted of speculations about her relationship with Finnick. Some even went as far as saying the two of them were arguing out of unresolved sexual tension, and they’re going to reconcile with each other soon. 
Hearing those ridiculous, baseless arguments, blood pounded in Vivian’s ears as she was consumed by blinding rage. Her original intention was to sever all ties she had with Finnick that day, not to cause
a commotion. 
There was nothing Vivian wanted more than to leave at that moment, but the event was held by the Morrison Group. As a Morrison herself, it would be rude if Vivian were to leave before the auction ended. Unwilling to cause another ruckus, and to save Benedict from any unnecessary troubles, Vivian remained seated in her seat amidst the whispers, counting the seconds till the end of the event. 
Immediately after the event ended, Vivian turned to Benedict, “Sorry Ben, I’m gonna head out. There’s something I need to do,” she mumbled. She had no intention of staying there for a moment longer. 
Originally, Benedict wanted to introduce Vivian to the shareholders of the Morrison Group after the auction. In fact, that was one of the reasons he brought her there today. Ever since they had decided to let her come out to the public as Vivian Morrison, Benedict wanted to secure her status in the Morrison Group as soon as possible. 
However, seeing Vivian eyeing the exit every now and then, Benedict’s heart clenched in pain for his sister. Her eagerness to leave was plain for all to see. He knew the incident earlier had taken a toll on her. It’s probably best for her to leave. It’s not like she can get her head in the game now anyway. 
“Alright, be careful.” Benedict smiled. “Don’t stay out for too long.” 
“Mm hmm.” With that, Vivian got up and left. 
Vivian walked away in an attempt to shake off what had happened in the auction. Even so, she still felt suffocated. Finnick. Ex-wife. Divorcée. Three million. Those words repeatedly played in her head, causing Vivian to feel as if she’s slowly losing her mind. Without a doubt, Vivian knew the scene she and Finnick had caused was the highlight of the auction.
Her resentment towards Finnick deepened as the image played in her mind. After today, there’s bound to be countless, exaggerated rumors regarding me and Finnick all around Sunshine City. Vivian could already imagine how the media coverage of that day’s event and her relationship with Finnick would look like. 
Increasing her pace backstage, Vivian desired to change out of those extravagantly elegant clothes, so she would be able to leave that wretched place as soon as she could. Away from all those whispers, those discussions, those judgments, and definitely far, far away from Finnick Norton. I never want to see him ever again in this lifetime! 
Vivian was well aware that she was acting like a coward—one who ran away at the first opportunity they get, but what else could she do? She obviously did not expect her heart to react so strongly upon seeing Finnick. All those walls she had built for the past five years seemed to come tumbling down at the mere sight of him. Her emotions had swallowed her entirely. 
Caught up in her thoughts, Vivian did not notice the man who appeared out of nowhere before her, until she was cornered. Vivian snapped out of her thoughts and came back to reality. Once she registered who was standing before her, panic flickered across her eyes and she subconsciously took two steps backward. 
Fear consumed every inch of her body. In front of everyone with all eyes on her, she had no problem staring him down. But now with no one around and just the two of them, Vivian realized she couldn’t even look at Finnick Norton. 
Vivian was fully aware that her body was trembling, and she hated herself for it. It was Finnick who betrayed her, so why should she be the one that was afraid?
###Chapter 515
Chapter 515 
Willed, Vivian raised her head and lifted her chin, staring square into Finnick’s eyes. “What do you want?” she questioned coolly. 
Seeing Vivian’s defense and indifference towards himself, Finnick felt a pang in his heart. He saw her leaving the stage just now the moment the auction ended and hurried towards her to catch up. Never did he expect her to react as if she saw something disgusting emerging from the sewers. 
Finnick took two steps forward, backing Vivian towards the wall behind her. With visible anger behind his eyes, he interrogated Vivian, “Why did you give up our wedding ring for the auction?” 
Despite her anger, Vivian almost laughed. How dare he? What? Did he expect me to keep the ring “till death do us part?” Why should I when we’re no longer married? 
“Because I feel like it,” mocked Vivian, twisting her body away from Finnick, wanting to get out of this situation. 
However, Finnick was not going to let her go so easily. He shoved her towards the wall, pressing both of his palms by her side, locking her in that position. 
“Feel like it?” Finnick sneered, a dry laugh escaping his lips. “Did you also feel like leaving me when you did all those years ago? Without a single word too, mind you. Have you ever considered how I would feel, Vivian Will—no—Morrison? Huh?” 
“Excuse me?” Vivian snapped in disbelief, her anger flared up once more. Is he saying that I’m the bad guy? How dare he twist the story! 
The gap between the two closed as Vivian straightened her spine, locking her gaze with Finnick’s. Finnick could feel her hot breath on his skin with every word she spat out. Towering above her, he
could see clearly the slight increase in her height, fueled by rage. He was supposed to be furious. He had intended to confront her, find out the reason why she left him. Seeing her like this, however, he felt a wave of mixed emotions hit him. 
Speechless, Finnick continued glaring at her. Five years. For five long years, he had not seen this face. This face that he fell in love with—the one that had him smitten. 
Finnick’s gaze traveled down her face. Eyes, nose, lips— features he had once kissed and caressed looked so familiar, yet so foreign. The Vivian he knew would never put on such bold makeup. Even so, one thought rang clear amidst the rest. This is the woman I love. It doesn’t matter how much she’s changed, or how different she looks, she’s mine to hold forever and always. 
Finnick’s heart ached as his eyes began to glaze. With a step forward, Finnick planted a passionate kiss on her lips, no longer able to suppress his longing for her. 
Shocked, Vivian froze, but after a second, she regained her composure and shoved Finnick away from herself. Uncaring that she might smudge her makeup, Vivian wiped her lips harshly with the back of her hand and hollered at Finnick, “What do you think you’re doing?” 
The two of them had not seen each other for five years. Moreover, they’re divorced—no longer husband and wife. Ashamed, Finnick stepped back, knowing he had overstepped the boundary. But seeing the one who had stolen his heart standing in front of him in person— knowing that the image was no longer a figment of his imagination, how could he not pull her into a deep embrace? 
“Vivian, I…” Finnick softened his tone and relaxed his posture. He took another step towards Vivian, only to see her body stiffened and her guard raised. 
Lowering his gaze, his eyes flickered across her tightly clenched fists. A wave of sorrow washed over him. Does she really hate me that much? All these years… I’ve been a lovesick fool, and she has never
been far from my thoughts. What about her? Did I ever cross her mind? Even once? 
Swallowing the pain he felt in his heart, Finnick gathered his courage and asked the question he had pondered over for the past five years. “Why did you divorce me, Vivian? Why did you run away without any warning?” Finnick asked as he felt the old wounds reopening. 
Seeing the anguish on Finnick’s face, Vivian’s lips curled up into a sneer. This man sure deserves an Oscar for this act he’s putting on. Nevertheless, her heart clenched in sorrow. Despite everything, they had once been helplessly in love with each other, sharing so many lovely memories together. Yet, he still tries to pretend as though he had done absolutely nothing! 
Where was he when Noah ordered them to strap me onto the operating table, forcing me to undergo an abortion? Oh, that’s right, making love with his dear Evelyn Morrison without a care in the world… All the painful memories resurfaced in her mind, chipping away the pieces of her heart she thought had healed. The sneer turned into a bitter smile. Looks like I never did forget those moments, even after so long. It’s as if it all happened just yesterday.
###Chapter 516
Chapter 516 
Forcing down the lump in her throat, Vivian peered at Finnick mockingly. “You forced me to give up my child last time, and now you have the audacity to ask me why I chose to divorce you? Do you realize how ridiculous you sound, Mr. Norton?” laughed Vivian dryly. 
So it really is because of the child. Deep down in his heart, Finnick had expected this answer. The words that Noah had said five years ago rang in his ears once more. I also found out that Mrs. Norton realized that there’s a high possibility that the baby she’s carrying is not yours. She chose to leave you and go to A Nation with Benedict because she didn’t know how to face you. 
“But Vivian,” Finnick started. “Did I not tell you I would accept the child, and it matters not whether he or she is mine?” 
“Accept?” Vivian laughed in disbelief, anger arose in her chest once more. “Finnick Norton, even up till now, you’re still spinning lies. Please, knock on the door of your own heart and ask yourself, do you truly accept this child?” 
Awkwardness flashed across Finnick’s face. At that time, he had blurted out that promise to prevent Vivian from going through with the divorce, not out of genuineness. Did she find out she was not pregnant with my child and left out of fear that I would force her to undergo an abortion? 
Finnick felt the cracks in his heart deepened. At the end of the day, it was all his fault. He had not taken care of her, nor protected her. If I had done better, would she have stayed instead? if I were a better husband, maybe we wouldn’t miss out on the past five years. 
“Where’s the child now? Did you bring the child with you here?” Finnick inquired. He or she should be five now, right? Finnick felt a thud in his heart. I don’t even know the gender of the child…
Hearing Finnick asking about the child, Vivian hesitated, not knowing how she should answer. Finnick had always thought the child isn’t his… But who knows if he’ll notice anything amiss if he sees my precious baby… 
No! I can’t afford this risk! I am not losing my child! 
“I had a miscarriage,” lied Vivian with her head lowered, staring at the ground. Her stomach clenched in fear, afraid that Finnick could see through her deception. 
She was terrified that this psychopath in front of her would harm her innocent child, just like what he did those years ago. Or, to be more exact, she hoped her child would never have to deal with a father like Finnick. 
“What?” Finnick was shaken to the core. Never in his wildest imagination would he have expected that the child did not survive after all. 
Seeing Vivian with her head held low in silence, Finnick mistook her feelings for grief. She loved the child so much, even to the point of divorcing me. With the child gone, she must be devastated… 
“I’m sorry Vivian… Don’t be too upset, perhaps the heavens did not want to give up an angel,” comforted Finnick softly. At the same time, he thought to himself, Don’t worry, my love. We will have a child of our own in the future. 
That’s right, Finnick Norton had made up his mind. He would do everything in his power to woo and marry Vivian Morrison, once again calling her Mrs. Norton—and be his to love—to cherish and to hold. He would give her the wedding he had owed her the last time, have her put on a wedding gown, and walk down the aisle towards himself!
Five years ago, because of a slip-up he made, Evelyn became crippled, forcing her to live out her best years in a wheelchair. Out of guilt, Finnick forced himself to give up on Vivian, deciding to take care of Evelyn and be by her side till she healed from her trauma. 
As the years ticked by, however, he realized it was impossible for him to let go of Vivian, not even temporarily. Ever since she left, away from his reach, she never seemed to be out of his sight. Her shadow haunted him every corner he turned. He saw her at the table during meals; he saw her at work; he saw her even in the dead of night, smiling warmly at him in his dreams. 
But every time he wanted to pull her into his embrace, it would serve as a cruel reminder of what had happened, and all he was seeing was a ghost of the past. Before long, Finnick felt himself on the brink of insanity. 
Originally, he had intended to wait till Evelyn could accept the fact that she was disabled and could live on her own. Once she could, he would fly to A Nation right away to look for Vivian, explaining the reasons he had agreed to the divorce. 
He did not expect Evelyn to depend on him more and more. At times when he was so consumed by work and couldn’t accompany her, Evelyn would bombard his phone with text messages and missed calls. She would even order the servants on a search for him to bring him back home. 
Worse still, for the past two years, Evelyn had been calling herself Mrs. Norton, wife of the President of Finnor Group—abusing that title and interrupting his staff’s work. Even his secretary had been replaced twice by her.
###Chapter 517
Chapter 517 
Whenever he couldn’t bear it and wanted to make it clear to Evelyn that he did not love her, she would look at him with teary eyes as if she had been wronged. She would also ask him if he had disliked her because of her physical disability. Sometimes, she would even smash things to vent her frustration. 
After consulting the doctor, the doctor said she might not have fully accepted the fact that her legs were crippled. Thus, he was told to let her have her way and not say things she did not want to hear lest it provoked her. Otherwise, her condition would only get worse. 
Thinking that he was the reason Evelyn became like this, Finnick had no choice but to agree to the doctor. 
However, he had also had it figure out. Since he could not get over Vivian, nor would he get into a relationship with Evelyn, he decided that he would not let things go on like this. Otherwise, it would only hurt all three of them. 
More importantly, since Vivian had now returned, he would never let her leave again and was determined to get her back. 
However, Vivian did not know about Finnick’s thoughts, so his words only made her want to slap him in the face. Obviously, he didn’t want to keep the baby. How can he blame God? 
“Drop the act already, Finnick. If you hadn’t done whatever it took to get rid of the baby, I wouldn’t have had a miscarriage!” Vivian said through her gritted teeth. 
Even now, he still refuses to admit what happened back then and says this kind of thing. Does he think I’m a fool?
In addition to resentment, Vivian’s heart filled with disappointment. So this is the man I once loved deeply. 
She once regarded him as the God who redeemed her, but it was this man, who she admired so much, that pushed her to hell five years ago. She used to think he was a responsible man, but after five years, he still tried to hide the things he had done. 
I must be blind to have given my heart to such a man back then, so now I can’t blame others for what I have done to myself. From now on, he and I will go our separate ways. 
Knitting his brows, Finnick did not understand what Vivian meant. Although he had indeed persuaded her to abort the baby back then and had also quarreled with her because of this, he did not really “do whatever it took”. 
When he was about to ask Vivian why she would say so, a delicate voice was suddenly heard asking, “Finnick, what are you doing here?” 
Turning to look at the source of the voice, Finnick found that it belonged to Evelyn, who was sitting in her wheelchair. The sight of her made him feel irritated, but he still tried to ask calmly, “Why are you here?” 
As he asked the question, he began to feel suspicious. I only decided to come to this auction at the last minute and did not tell her. How did she know that I’m here? 
Moreover, this was not the first time something like this had happened before. Every time he attended banquets, Evelyn would soon find out about it and come to meet him. She would then deliberately be intimate with him for the eyes of the crowd. Could it be that someone in the company informed her of my whereabouts at all times? If I find out who it is, I’ll definitely not let that person off easily!
With that thought in mind, a fit of cruelty flashed across Finnick’s face as he fixed his scrutinizing gaze on Evelyn. Will she really pay someone around me to monitor me? 
Meanwhile, Evelyn’s focus was on Vivian, so she did not notice the change in Finnick’s expression. 
Evelyn couldn’t believe her eyes when she saw Vivian. Is this gorgeous, charming woman really the same ugly woman from five years ago? How did she change so much? 
For the past five years, Evelyn had spent more time taking care of her skin in order to keep Finnick by her side, so she believed that her appearance was more attractive now than it was five years ago. But at that moment, she had to admit that the appearance and demeanour of the woman in front of her were not inferior to hers in the slightest.
###Chapter 518
Chapter 518 
The thought of Finnick standing so close to Vivian just now caused Evelyn to have her heart in her mouth. Did Vivian come back to steal Finnick away from me? It must be so! Otherwise, how could they have met in this auction so coincidentally? 
Looking at Vivian’s dress, Evelyn balled her hands into fists under the blanket. Unexpectedly, Vivian has learned how to seduce men after five years, but I won’t let her steal Finnick away! 
Wheeling herself up to Finnick, Evelyn held his arm and cooed coyly, “I was bored at home, so I went out. While I was in the car, I heard that you’re here for an auction, so I came to find you, and we can go home together.” 
Evelyn purposely emphasized the phrase “go home.” After speaking, she looked over at Vivian. “Oh, it’s you, Vivian. I didn’t recognize you just now.” 
Evelyn pretended to be very enthusiastic. “When did you come back? Finnick and I are going back. Do you wanna come to our place?” 
Vivian was shocked when she saw Evelyn in a wheelchair, but she immediately thought of the comments others made about the latter being a cripple before the auction started. 
Initially, she felt a little sorry for Evelyn, but she inwardly sneered after hearing the latter’s words and seeing the provocative look in her eyes. 
Did she say so to show me that Finnick belongs to her? As expected, she still hasn’t changed. She’s still as scheming as ever. 
However, Vivian looked at Evelyn’s legs that were covered with a blanket and suspected if the latter had faked her disability. Based on her understanding of Evelyn’s character, she believed that Evelyn
was definitely capable to do such a thing. 
But this has nothing to do with me anymore. Vivian could not help but mock herself inwardly. So what if she’s faking it? As long as someone believes her. 
At the thought of that, Vivian did not want to stay and watch Finnick and Evelyn being affectionate with each other, so she directly ignored Evelyn and turned to walk backstage. 
Did Evelyn think that such actions and words could still provoke me like before? I only cared because I was in love with Finnick back then, but now, all I want is to stay away from him. She can’t get on my nerves now. 
“Hold on, Vivian, listen to me…” Finnick wanted to go after Vivian upon seeing that she was leaving. However, Evelyn held his arm tightly and refused to let him go. 
“What are you doing, Finnick? Don’t forget that you’ve already divorced Vivian!” 
Left with no choice, Finnick could only watch as Vivian disappeared from his sight. Flinging Evelyn’s hand away, Finnick lashed out angrily, “What exactly do you want? What were you implying in your words just now?” 
He had wanted to see Vivian again, but judging from her current attitude toward him, he knew it would be hard for him to meet her again. Besides, he had not found out what she meant by her words earlier before Evelyn came and said those things. 
Although he was indeed living with Evelyn now, the way she put it could easily cause misunderstandings. 
Seeing Finnick get mad at her, Evelyn immediately got misty-eyed as she chokingly replied, “Finnick, Vivian is just your ex-wife, while I’m your current girlfriend. How can you go after her and leave me
behind? Besides, there’s nothing wrong with what I said. I just want to invite her over to our place.” 
Hearing this, Finnick shot her a skeptical look. When did I agree to be with her? When did I say that she’s my girlfriend? 
Evelyn did not notice the look on his face as she took out a handkerchief and wiped her tears, looking pitiful. 
“A-Are you trying to dump me and get back with her after seeing that she’s become so beautiful while I’m a disabled person? Finnick, Vivian’s the one who left you back then. She doesn’t love you anymore. I’m the one who loves you. Can’t you see my feelings for you even after five years?”
###Chapter 519
Chapter 519 
“Finnick, I really love you. Even though I’m crippled because of you, I’ve never blamed you. Over the years, you’ve seen how I—” 
As Evelyn was talking about her grievances and feelings for Finnick, the latter interrupted her, “Evelyn Morrison, I think there’s been a misunderstanding.” 
Evelyn was a little stunned when she heard Finnick call her full name and say something like this. “What do you mean by misunderstanding?” 
Taking a deep breath, Finnick thought of the doctor’s advice and hesitated for a moment, but he knew that he could not let the misunderstanding go on. 
He squatted down and looked into Evelyn’s eyes, saying seriously, “Evelyn, I know that you become like this because of me. I’ll be responsible for you and take good care of you, but,” Finnick emphasized, “you’re not my girlfriend. I don’t have feelings for you either.” 
“That’s impossible!” Evelyn screamed in distress. Then, she grabbed Finnick’s hand tightly. “Finnick, you promised me five years ago that you will stay with me forever. You can’t break your promise!” 
“Five years ago, I did promise to stay with you and take care of you, but I did not promise to be in a relationship with you. Evelyn, what happened between us had already passed. Don’t live in the past anymore, okay?” Finnick patiently persuaded Evelyn. He wanted to his hand from her grip, but it was too tight. 
“Impossible! You’re lying!” Evelyn bawled, “For the past five years, you’ve been taking care of me, doing whatever I say, and agreeing to all my requests. I don’t believe that you don’t love me!”
“I take care of you because I’m the reason for your injury. It’s because of guilt and not love. Do you understand?” 
After hearing Finnick’s words, Evelyn realized that he had always kept a proper distance from her all these years and had not even touched her. She had thought that he took care of her so carefully because he loved her. So it’s not because he loves me? 
Finnick went on, “Evelyn, two people get together because they love each other, and only in this way can a relationship last. Do you really want me to be with you because of guilt?” 
“I don’t care!” Realizing that Finnick might really not love her, Evelyn panicked as she tightly grasped his hand and said, with a pleading expression, “Finnick, I don’t care about that. I don’t care about the reason you’re with me. I just want you to be with me. I’ve lost my legs now. If you leave me, I’d really have nothing anymore!” 
“Listen to me, Evelyn—” 
“No, I don’t want to listen, and I don’t care!” Evelyn got a little hysterical. “Finnick, you can’t leave me! You can’t! You’re all I have now, Finnick! I don’t care if you love me or not. I just want you to be by my side! I—” 
“Evelyn!” ing his arm from her grip, Finnick grabbed her by the shoulders and shouted, “Evelyn, listen to me!” 
At that, Evelyn finally quietened down and looked at Finnick with a tear-streaked face. Seeing Evelyn like this, Finnick did not have the heart to say what he was about to say, but he knew that he couldn’t hesitate anymore.
“Evelyn, I can’t do it. Even if you don’t mind, I can’t force myself to be with you because of your injury. If I really do that, I’ll be irresponsible toward both of us.” 
“You’re lying! These are all excuses. You just can’t forget about Vivian William, right? Otherwise, why didn’t you tell me these things before? Why are you only telling me now, after she came back?” 
“You’re right.” 
Evelyn was dumbfounded, having not expected him to admit it so straightforwardly. When she came back to her senses, she cried even harder.
###Chapter 520
Chapter 520 
“Finnick, Vivian doesn’t love you anymore. She’s moved on. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have walked away just now. Finnick, just get over her, okay? Let’s start over. We’ll definitely be happy together. Trust me, okay?” 
“Even if she doesn’t like me anymore, I’ll still try to win her back.” There was a look of determination in Finnick’s eyes when he looked at Evelyn. “Evelyn, I can’t forget Vivian. I can’t live without her. At first, I planned to go to A Nation to find her when you can live on your own, but now that she has come back, I’ll never let her go again.” 
“What about your promise to me?” Pushing him away, Evelyn yelled at him emotionally, “Does your promise not count anymore?” 
Saying nothing, Finnick did not know how to explain to her as he had indeed broken his promise back then. As silence engulfed them, Evelyn continued to sob. 
“I’m sorry, Evelyn. I can promise you anything other than this,” Finnick said guiltily after a long time. 
“Fine. It’s okay if you don’t want to be with me.” Evelyn had a look of revenge on her face. “Just promise me you won’t be with Vivian as well. As long as you can promise me, I won’t talk about being with you anymore.” 
Finnick kept silent. 
“What’s the matter?” Evelyn mocked, “Didn’t you just say you can promise me anything?” 
“Evelyn,” Finnick pinched the bridge of his nose as he asserted, “Don’t be unreasonable. I’ll never give up on Vivian.”
After speaking, he did not bother to wait for her response and directly left. 
It seems that it’s impossible to make it clear to her. I have to think of other ways. 
“Come back, Finnick!” Watching him walk away, Evelyn shouted frantically, “Are you going to leave me, a cripple, here all by myself? Are you even a man?” 
But Finnick didn’t look back. It was not that he was really cruel, but he had heard far too many threats like this and grew desensitized to them. 
“Ah!” Clutching at the armrest of the wheelchair, Evelyn screamed, completely ignoring the fact that she was in a public area. 
It’s your fault, Vivian! It’s all because of you that Finnick said those things to me! Why did you come back? Why didn’t you die abroad? 
Evelyn inwardly cursed Vivian with the most vicious words, her eyes gleaming with a frenzy of hatred. 
Vivian, since you have the nerve to come back, I’ll definitely not let you off. Just you wait! I can force you to go abroad once, so I can do it again! No! This time, I’m gonna take your life! 
By the time Vivian got changed and came back out, she saw that Finnick and Evelyn had already left. As a wave of relief washed over her, she felt a hint of disappointment for some reason, but she could not figure out where that emotion came from. 
Shaking her head to dismiss all the messy thoughts in her head, she left the hotel. What happened between them had nothing to do with her now. 
When she walked to the entrance of the hotel, she was surprised to see Evelyn outside. At that moment, Evelyn was looking around at the entrance as if waiting for someone.
She’s not waiting for me, is she? Vivian had a bad feeling about it and started to get a headache as she really didn’t want to deal with her. 
But it turned out that her hunch was accurate as Evelyn immediately maneuvered her wheelchair toward her upon seeing her. 
Vivian turned around and wanted to leave when she suddenly thought of something and stopped in her tracks. She was no longer who she was five years ago. Even though she felt an unexpected panic rising inside her when she saw Finnick, she still had the confidence to deal with Evelyn. 
Therefore, she decided to see what tricks Evelyn was pulling, since the latter had deliberately waited for her out here. She didn’t want to get unknowingly set up by her again. 
With that thought in mind, Vivian turned around and waited for Evelyn to come up to her.
###Chapter 521
Chapter 521 
Evelyn nearly lost it the moment she saw Vivian. She wished she could pounce on her and scratch the face that she used to beguile Finnick. 
Suppressing her agitation, Evelyn inwardly told herself, It’s not the time yet. I can’t fall out with Vivian yet. After some time, I’ll definitely make her life as miserable as it was five years ago! I’ll make her pay for the grievances I’ve suffered! 
When she stopped her wheelchair in front of Vivian, she put on a guilty expression. “Vivian, I’ve been waiting for you here for a long time. I have something to say to you today.” Then, she reached out to grab Vivian’s hand. 
Raising her hand, Vivian purposely made it clear that she wanted to avoid her touch. “Just say what you want to say.” 
Do you think I wanna touch you, b*tch? Feeling awkward, Evelyn silently cursed at Vivian deep down while putting on a flummoxed expression, acting as if the latter was bullying her. 
Coupled with her seemingly innocent face and pitiful wheelchair-bound condition, several people who passed by the hotel lobby shot Vivian unpleasant glances that spoke of warning and disapproval. 
Vivian mentally sneered. She’s indeed never changed. Like five years ago, she knows how to win the sympathy of others, which is something I’ll never be better at than she is. 
“Vivian, I know you’re mad at me. What happened five years ago is my fault. I apologize.” Evelyn sounded sincere. “I’m sorry, Vivian. I’m so sorry. I was too ignorant five years ago. It’s my fault. Can you forgive me?”
Vivian was confused that Evelyn was actually apologizing to her. She thought the latter was going to warn her and tell her not to steal Finnick from her. After all, Evelyn was the kind of person who would do so. But what is she up to now? 
“Evelyn, just drop the pretense and get straight to the point,” Vivian said with a cold look on her face without beating about the bush. 
“Vivian, I know that you might not believe me for saying this, but I really know that I was wrong.” At this point, Evelyn actually whipped up some tears. 
“As you can see, I’m a cripple now, so God has already given me the punishment that I deserve. Can you please forgive me?” 
“Have you really learned your lesson?” Vivian gave her a suspicious look. 
“Yeah.” Evelyn hurriedly nodded. “Vivian, I really know I was wrong back then. I’ve been wanting to apologize to you face to face for five years, but I have no chance. Now that you’re finally back, I can finally get it off my chest.” 
Seeing the sincerity in Evelyn’s eyes, Vivian almost believed what she said. But having been set up by Evelyn too many times before, she would not believe her so easily. 
Staring at her, Vivian said nothing as she wanted to see what exactly she wanted to say. 
Evelyn went up to her again and grabbed her hand, weeping while saying, “Vivian, after my legs are maimed, I’ve been reflecting on what I’ve done previously. The more I think about it, the more I regret it. You really thought of me as a friend back then. I shouldn’t have done things like that to you. Perhaps God made me a cripple because he can’t stand my arrogance anymore. Vivian, I’ve really realized my mistake. Can you give me a chance to compensate you? Now, when I think of the days when we were
friends, I realize that it’s really good to have you as my friend. I shouldn’t have abandoned friendship because of a man. Vivian, I want to be friends with you again. Let’s go shopping and eat together like we did before, okay? I promise I’ll treat you with sincerity this time. Will you give me a chance?” 
After speaking, Evelyn looked at Vivian with tears in her eyes, as if a “no” from the latter would amount to a wicked crime.
###Chapter 522
Chapter 522 
She wants to be friends with me again? Vivian snorted coldly in her head as she resisted the urge to fling her hand away. 
This was exactly what she did five years ago. She first made friends with Vivian and then set up one trap after another, waiting for the latter to walk right into them. Vivian knew that she was pulling the same trick again. Does she think I’m so stupid that I’ll be fooled again? Isn’t it just acting? Well, I can act too. 
“Do you really want to be friends with me again?” Vivian pretended to fall for it. 
“Yes.” Giving a firm nod, Evelyn was secretly happy, but she still had on a guilty look. “Vivian, please forgive me, alright? Time will prove that I’ve learned my lesson.” 
“All right,” Vivian said, hesitant, “I forgive you.” 
“Really?” There was a genuine look of astonishment in Evelyn’s eyes this time. “Vivian, are you really willing to forgive me? Are you really still willing to treat me as your friend?” 
Evelyn could not believe that she could actually talk Vivian into forgiving her so easily. 
“Yes, I forgive you,” Vivian said with a smile, “As you said, your legs are already maimed. I believe you have learned your lesson from it, and you won’t do those things again.” 
“Thank you, Vivian,” Evelyn replied gratefully, “Thank you for forgiving me.” 
“It’s okay.” Vivian patted her on the hand and comforted her, “Now that you need to travel in a wheelchair, you must take good care of yourself. Don’t be so apologetic from now on. Let’s just assume those things had never happened before, okay?”
“Okay. Those things are already behind us. We won’t mention them again.” Evelyn happily agreed. 
Looking at the watch on her wrist, Vivian pretended to be in a rush. “I have something to attend to later, so I may not be able to accompany you. Be careful when you head home.” 
“It’s okay. Take care of your stuff first. I’m fine on my own,” Evelyn urged Vivian to leave, looking like they were best friends. 
“Okay then. I’ll see you again.” Vivian pretended to be apologetic while glancing at Evelyn before she left. 
In fact, she could not continue to play along anymore as she was not as good at it as Evelyn, and that was already her limit. 
Seeing that Vivian was walking further, Evelyn finally assumed her true self. With a look full of contempt, she mocked in a low voice, “Vivian, it seems that you’re still as foolish as you were. You actually believed me so easily. This time, I’ll make you regret your decision to come back.” 
After leaving the hotel, Vivian saw Benedict waiting for her in his car not far away. Vivian trotted over, feeling sorry for making him wait for so long. 
As soon as she opened the door and got into the car, she saw Benedict looking at her with a worried expression on his face. 
“What’s wrong, Ben?” Vivian asked, “Did something happen to the company?” 
“No, the company’s fine. Don’t worry. I think I saw you talking to Evelyn. Are you okay?” Benedict was the person who knew Evelyn best, so he was worried that Vivian would be hurt by her.
Vivian’s heart filled with warmth after knowing that Benedict was worried about her. I think only my brother will be truly concerned about me in this world. Oh, and my little pumpkin too. 
The thought of her son filled her heart with happiness. 
“Don’t worry, Ben. I’m no longer the same foolish woman that I was back then. I won’t fall into Evelyn’s trap again. I’ll protect myself,” Vivian assured Benedict with a serious look on her face that she would be careful as she did not want him to be worried about her other than being swamped with work at the company. 
“Just be careful.” It was impossible for Benedict to not be worried as he knew full well that Vivian was no match for Evelyn when it came to framing others. But he was slightly relieved to know that Vivian was keeping her guard up.
###Chapter 523
Chapter 523 
“I got it, Ben. Let’s go home quickly. I miss my little pumpkin already.” Speaking of her son, Vivian was all smiles. It was clear from the look in her eyes that she could not wait to see him. 
Although she hadn’t seen him for merely several hours, she missed him a lot. 
Hearing that, the gloom on Benedict’s face vanished as well, and he no longer felt worried as he could not wait to hear Larry call him “Uncle Benedict”. 
Soon, they reached home. 
“You’re back, Mommy, Uncle Benedict!” As soon as they reached home, Larry threw himself into Benedict’s arms. Looking at his flushed cheeks, Benedict couldn’t help but plant a kiss on them. 
“Little pumpkin, do you only like Uncle Benedict and not Mommy?” Vivian asked, pretending to be sad. 
As a matter of fact, she was happy to see that Larry was close with Benedict. As Larry grew up without a father, Benedict had played the role of father and taught him a lot of things in life. 
But she enjoyed teasing her son. 
“No. I like Mommy too.” Then, Larry spread his arms and wanted her to carry him. After getting into Vivian’s arms, he wrapped his arms around her neck and gave her a kiss. 
In actual fact, however, he was thinking, Mommy is so childish and actually gets jealous of Uncle Benedict despite being a grown-up. Alas, I feel sorry for myself that I have to learn not to neglect either of them despite being so young.
If Vivian could hear his thought, she would have been proud that he could express his feelings in his mother tongue so fluently with the use of precise words even though he grew up in A Nation. 
Benedict watched their interaction with a smile tugging at his eyes. The scene before him was the warm stuff of life to him over the past five years and was also what he had vowed to do his best to protect. 
“Vivian, I need to deal with something, so I’m going to the study. I’ll talk to you later.” After informing Vivian, Benedict went to the study upstairs, leaving Vivian and Larry in the living room. 
“Have you been a good boy today, my little pumpkin? Tell me what you’ve done, okay?” Vivian could not help but pinch his cheeks. How could I have given birth to such a cute son? 
Secretly pouting, Larry told her what he had done during the day in detail. He knew that she was concerned about him, so he could not let her worry. 
After listening to his account of his day, Vivian stroked his head affectionately. “What a good boy.” 
“Mommy, c-can I ask you a question?” asked Larry while giving her a cautious look, void of the usual playfulness. 
“What’s it? Why are you so secretive?” Vivian found his expression amusing as she tidied up his outfits. “Go ahead and ask. I’ll surely answer you as long as it’s something I know.” 
“Really?” Larry got excited. “So, can you tell me where my daddy is, Mommy?” 
Hearing his question, Vivian froze and recalled the moment when she met Finnick earlier today. 
“Mommy, Mommy?” Larry waved his hand in front of her eyes after seeing that she was not moving.
“Why do you suddenly ask me this question?” Vivian, who came back to her senses, asked while she continued to tidy up his outfit, but she no longer looked as relaxed as earlier. 
“Mommy, just tell me. You said it yourself that you’ll answer me as long as it’s something you know,” Larry urged. 
“I told you before that your father died before you were born, so don’t ask this question anymore,” Vivian told Larry with a rare stern expression on her face. 
Seeing her face, Larry knew that pressing her for an answer would only make her unhappy. “Okay, Mommy. I won’t ask about this again. Don’t get mad.”
###Chapter 524
Chapter 524 
“Okay, my little pumpkin.” Vivian held him in her arms, regretting being angry at him. It’s my fault for not giving him a complete family, so I don’t have the right to be mad at him. 
Vivian felt a lump in her throat, but she did not want to cry in front of her son, so she held back the tears and said with a smile, “I’ll go make you dinner now, so you’ll play by yourself here, okay?” 
“Okay.” 
At that, Vivian felt better as she stroked his head and turned for the kitchen. 
Seeing her leave, Larry blinked, and a smug smile appeared on his face. Then, he took the bag that Vivian had put on the table and fished out her phone. 
Launching the web browser, he did a search by entering “Finnick Norton” into the search bar. Mommy, do you really think I don’t know who my daddy is? Since you don’t want to tell me, I have no choice but to check it myself. 
Vivian and Benedict were busy the next day, so Larry was taken care of by the nanny, Ms. Booker. 
Upon seeing that Vivian and Benedict had left the house, Larry began to pester Ms. Booker to take him out to play. As Larry insisted, Ms. Booker had no choice but to take him to the fried chicken restaurant that he wanted to go to. 
Larry had already found out that he could go to where Finnick was by walking two blocks from the restaurant and taking a left turn. I wonder if I can see him today? 
Thinking of that, Larry was secretly excited.
After reaching the restaurant, he quickly ran out of the restaurant while Ms. Booker was ordering food at the counter. Then, he ran to his destination. 
Standing before a building, he reckoned that he had reached as the building and the words on its signboard—which read “Finnor Group”—looked the same as what he saw in the picture. 
Taking a deep breath, he walked into the building while feeling a little nervous deep down. 
Meanwhile, Finnick was going through the documents at his desk when a knock came at the door. 
“Come in.” His voice was void of emotions, but it still made the new secretary, who had just knocked on the door, blush. 
Trying to remain calm, the secretary assumed a professional attitude as she reported, “Mr. Norton, someone from Norton Corporation called and wanted you to attend a board meeting now.” 
“Okay. Tell Noah to get the car ready.” 
“Yes, Mr. Norton.” 
After leaving the office, the secretary patted herself on her flushed cheeks. Even though I’ve been here for two weeks, I still can’t resist the charm of the president. He’s so perfect! What if I… No, no, no! 
The secretary immediately dismissed her thoughts. She heard that the previous two secretaries were fired by the president’s girlfriend because they thought about things they shouldn’t. Therefore, she thought that she should focus on keeping her job instead of thinking too much. 
With that thought in mind, she hurriedly informed Noah to get ready. 
As soon as Finnick walked downstairs to the company entrance, he was stopped by someone.
“Are you Finnick Norton?” Looking at the cute child with an adorable voice blocking his path, Finnick somehow felt his heart melt. 
“Yes, I am.” Finnick squatted down to be at eye level with the boy. “What’s the matter? Can I help you?” 
For some reason, he felt an inexplicable sense of closeness to the little boy in front of him. He found the latter familiar, as though he had met him somewhere. 
Hearing his question, Larry racked his brain for an answer. Got it! 
“I’m lost, and now I can’t find my mommy. I saw you on TV, so I know that your name is Finnick Norton. Can you help me find my mommy?” Larry deliberately made himself sound pitiful. In order to make it more believable, he even tried hard to whip up some tears. 
Seeing the boy’s pitiful and tearful look, Finnick found himself feeling distressed.
###Chapter 525
Chapter 525 
“Sure. Can you tell me what your mother’s name is? Where did you get separated from her?” 
“My mommy’s name is…” Larry did a quick mental search of a girl’s name. “My mommy’s name is Alice Morrison. We got separated nearby. When I went to see the fish, she’s gone.” 
Hearing the child’s vague description, Finnick could not think of a way to help him find his mother. “How about this? I’ll get someone to look for your mommy while you’ll follow me to a meeting. When we return, I’ll send you to your mommy. Is that okay?” 
“Okay!” Larry nodded repeatedly, happy that he could spend some time alone with his father. 
Holding the boy’s hand, Finnick walked out of the company. 
Noah, who had been waiting outside, was puzzled when he saw Finnick come over with a child. “Mr. Norton, who’s this child?” 
“He’s lost and can’t find his mother,” Finnick briefly explained to Noah. “He said that his mother’s name is Alice Morrison. They got separated nearby. You’ll help him look for his mother. I’ll drive to Norton Corporation by myself.” 
“Okay.” Noah nodded in realization as he was determined to help the cute boy find his mother. “Mr. Norton, do you want to let him follow me?” 
Finnick looked at Larry, who then shook his head slightly, saying, “I only know you. I wanna go with you. I’m afraid he’s a bad guy.” 
Larry pretended to be afraid. This is ridiculous! I’ve finally found my Daddy and only spent such a short time with him. Of course, I won’t go with others.
At his reply, Noah was speechless, whereas Finnick shook his head in amusement. “Okay then, you’ll come with me. I’ll take you to your mommy later.” 
After telling Noah to look for her, Finnick got into the car with the boy and drove to Norton Corporation. 
“Dad—Mr. Norton, you still don’t know my name, do you?” Larry broke out in a cold sweat when he nearly called Finnick by mistake. He secretly breathed a sigh of relief after seeing no response from Finnick. 
Finnick really did not notice that Larry made a slip of the tongue as he was focused on driving. As there was now a child in the car, he drove even more carefully. 
“No, I don’t.” Without looking at Larry, he paid attention to the road as he asked, “What’s your name?” 
“My name is Larry Morrison, and my nickname is little pumpkin,” Larry replied with zest, “You must remember my name, and don’t ever forget it.” 
“Got it.” Hearing his words, Finnick found it amusing. But Larry Morrison is quite a special name. I wonder why his parents give him this name. What a coincidence that both his parents have the same surname. 
“So I’ll call you little pumpkin from now on, okay?” 
“Yay! Sure!” Larry clapped his hands in excitement. “I like it when you call me little pumpkin!” 
Seeing the adorable smile on Larry’s face, Finnick felt his heart melted for the first time. 
As they chatted all the way, they soon arrived at Norton Corporation. 
After the time they spent in the car, Finnick found himself growing fond of Larry. He could not help but find his nickname fitting for his adorable personality. Besides, he was smart and likable. Finnick was
even reluctant to return this boy to his mother. 
Surprised by the thought he had, Finnick found it funny. That would make me a human trafficker, wouldn’t it? 
“Alright, little pumpkin. We’re here. Let’s get off the car.” After parking the car, Finnick carried Larry out of the car while the latter wrapped his arms around his neck. 
Initially, Finnick wanted to put him down and walked hand in hand with him. Yet, after feeling the weight of Larry’s head on his shoulder and his arms around his neck, he was suddenly reluctant to put him down, so he walked into Norton Corporation with Larry in his arms.
###Chapter 526
Chapter 526 
Meanwhile, there were tears in Larry’s eyes. My daddy is holding me. Not Uncle Benedict. It’s my daddy. 
Larry blinked back his tears as he did not want to cry in front of his own father. 
While walking to his office with Larry in his arms, Finnick teased the boy from time to time, causing him to laugh while also leaving others stunned. 
Seeing Finnick go into the elevator with a kid, the employees downstairs started gossiping among themselves. 
“I’m not seeing things, am I? Is the man, who was holding a kid, Mr. Norton? That poker-faced man?” 
“Whose kid is that? Could it be Mr. Norton’s?” 
“What nonsense are you spouting? It’s possible if Mr. Norton hasn’t divorced. But he has, so how can he have a kid that old? Unless…” 
“Are you saying that this kid is his illegitimate son?” 
“I think so. Otherwise, why would Mr. Norton, who has always been known for his indifference, be so kind to a strange kid? It’s the first time I saw him smile!” 
“That’s true.” 
As Finnick was now at his office with Larry, he did not know what those employees were talking about. 
“Little pumpkin, can you wait for me here? I’m having a meeting. If you need anything, just go to the lady—my secretary—whom I’ve just shown you,” Finnick reminded Larry as he was a little worried to
leave him alone in his office. 
He also didn’t expect that he would have so much concern for a kid whom he had just known. 
“Okay, I got it. Don’t you worry, Mr. Norton. I’ll be good,” promised Larry as he squared his shoulders. 
Looking at the serious expression on Larry’s cute face, Finnick could not help but chuckle. “Alright, then I’ll go for my meeting. Be good.” 
After speaking, Finnick pinched Larry’s face, then stood up and walked out of the office. He reminded the secretary outside his office again before he headed to the meeting room. 
As there was now only Larry in the office, he walked away and explored the office. Is this where Daddy works? It’s so huge and grand! He must be very capable, seeing that he has such a huge office. 
That thought made Larry proud as he had such a capable man as his father. However, sadness crept up on him. 
Why doesn’t Daddy want me and Mommy? Why does Mommy say that Daddy is dead? Did they have a fight? But it’s okay! 
Larry clenched his fists to cheer himself up as he made up his mind to find a way to get his parents back together. Then, he would be able to have a mother and a father like other kids did. 
While he was thinking of a way to reconcile his parents, he saw an elderly man walk into the office. It was none other than Samuel Norton. 
He was here to discuss something with Finnick, only to see an adorable kid inside his office. 
He was stunned for a moment, then he began to imagine Finnick’s relationship with this kid. Could he be a son Finnick had behind my back? But it’s impossible that I’m in the dark about it.
“Hi, Sir.” 
The soft voice snapped Samuel out of his thoughts. He began to scrutinize the kid and asked, “Who are you? Why are you here?” 
“My name’s little pumpkin. Mr. Norton brought me here,” Larry replied obediently as Vivian taught him to be polite toward the elderly. 
“I got separated from my mommy, so Mr. Norton promised to help me find her and brought me here.” 
So that’s what happened. I’ve overthought things. Samuel nodded in realization. But this kid seems to be very polite and well-mannered. His parents must have taught him well. 
“Little pumpkin is such a nice name. How old are you?” This was probably the first time Samuel was so patient toward a kid.
###Chapter 527
Chapter 527 
“I’m five years old, Sir.” 
Larry stood upright in front of Samuel while keeping his eyes on the latter. Like other children, he exuded innocence, but at the same time, he also had an air of maturity that was beyond his years. 
Samuel had an even better impression of this child. Moreover, he found the child familiar as he looked similar to Finnick when he was a kid. 
Out of so many people, Finnick is the one who runs into this lost kid. It seems that fate has brought them together. 
Smiling, Samuel beckoned to Larry. “Come over here, little pumpkin. Let’s play.” 
This man doesn’t seem like a bad guy. Besides, he knows Daddy, so he may be Daddy’s relative, which means he could be my relative too. With this thought in mind, Larry walked over to Samuel. 
Looking at Larry up close, Samuel became even more fond of him, so he carried him to sit on his lap and chatted away on the sofa. 
Larry’s lively personality made Samuel laugh. Afterward, the latter found himself become increasingly reluctant to let the kid leave. 
When Finnick returned to the office after the meeting, he was surprised to see that Samuel was smiling happily with Larry on his lap. 
For as long as he could remember, his grandfather had been a stern man who was notoriously cold- hearted, especially toward people he didn’t know. Although he was raised by Samuel, he barely saw the latter smile.
Unexpectedly, Grandpa actually laughs heartily with a child whom he has just known. It seems that this little pumpkin is indeed very likable. 
“Grandpa.” Finnick entered the office with a smile. “Why are you here?” 
“You’re back.” Samuel sounded like he was in a good mood. “I’m here to discuss something with you. Whose child is this? He’s so adorable!” 
Then, he looked at Larry and ruffled his hair with adoration. 
Sitting on the sofa across from them, Finnick had on a smile. 
“Little pumpkin got separated from his mom, but I’ve already asked Noah to look for his mom. I think he’ll find her soon.” 
“Okay.” Nodding, Samuel looked at Larry and comforted, “Don’t be scared little pumpkin. He and I will definitely find your mom.” 
“Okay. Thank you, Sir,” Larry replied in a sweet voice. I was right. This man is indeed Daddy’s relative. Since Daddy calls him Grandpa, he’s my great-grandpa then. It’s great that I not only found my daddy but my great-grandpa as well, and it seems that they all like me a lot too. 
Larry leaned closer into Samuel’s arms. 
Seeing that, Samuel was even more delighted as he continued to tease and play with Larry. 
Watching their heartwarming interaction, Finnick could not help but feel melancholic. If Vivian and I hadn’t divorced five years ago, our kid should have been this old. I wonder if he will be as adorable as little pumpkin.
Meanwhile, Vivian was attending a daily meeting of Morrison Group with Benedict, who wanted her to take over part of the company affairs as soon as possible. 
While listening to the report of every head of the department, Vivian noticed that her phone lit up. It was a call from Ms. Booker. 
Feeling worried that something had happened to Larry, she took her phone and motioned to Benedict before she quietly left the meeting room. 
“Ms. Morrison, something happened!” Ms. Booker cried into the phone as soon as her call was picked up. 
“What’s wrong?” Vivian’s heart skipped a beat as she asked anxiously, “Did something happen to little pumpkin?” 
“Mr. Larry insisted on going out to eat fried chicken today. He went missing after I returned from ordering at the counter. I’ve looked everywhere, but I couldn’t find him.” Ms. Booker was still clear- headed, so she briefly explained the whole incident to Vivian. “What should we do now, Ms. Morrison? Should we call the police?”
###Chapter 528
Chapter 528 
After hearing Ms. Booker’s words, Vivian was instantly struck dumb and could not hear anything else as the news of Larry’s disappearance filled her mind. 
“Why would he go missing?” Vivian’s voice was thick with tears. “Where are you now? I’ll go over right away!” 
After knowing the location, she hurriedly hung up to get going. Before she walked further, Benedict, who came out from the meeting room, stopped her. 
“What’s wrong, Vivian?” When he heard Vivian’s cry in the meeting room, he immediately came out, only to see her leave the company with a tear-streaked face. 
“Ben!” Finally seeing her rock, Vivian went up to him and tugged at his arm. “Little pumpkin went missing near Liberty Avenue, and Ms. Booker said she couldn’t find him. What should we do now?” 
At that, Benedict got flustered, but he forced himself to calm down when he saw how helpless Vivian was. 
“Vivian, calm down. Maybe little pumpkin is just too playful and wandered away. I’ll send people to look for him now. Don’t panic. Otherwise, it’ll be even harder to find him.” 
After comforting Vivian, Benedict made a few calls on his phone and asked all the investigators he knew to find out about Larry’s whereabouts. 
After he was done, he and Vivian went to the place where Larry went missing and looked for him around the place.
Forcing herself to calm down, Vivian kept asking the passers-by by describing how Larry looked, but none of them saw him. 
“Little pumpkin! Little pumpkin!” Vivian cried out Larry’s name anxiously as tears streamed down her face. Larry was everything to her. She could not let anything happen to him. Otherwise, she could not live without him. 
Just as she was nearly going crazy because she could not find Larry, she received a call from Benedict. 
“Vivian, I’ve found little pumpkin.” 
At this, Vivian was overjoyed. “Where’s he now?” 
“He’s now at Norton Corporation with Finnick.” Benedict was also stunned when he first heard the news. 
“What?” Vivian’s heart was once again back in her mouth. “Did Finnick take him away? What does he want to do?” 
Vivian panicked. Did Finnick already know that little pumpkin is his son? Is that why he wants to steal him away from me? 
“Don’t worry, Vivian. It seems that little pumpkin bumped into Finnick after he wandered away, then Finnick brought him to Norton Corporation. Noah is now looking for his mother too, so I think Finnick doesn’t know Larry’s identity yet,” Benedict told her what he had found. 
“So h-how should I go and pick up little pumpkin?” After knowing that Larry was fine, Vivian finally breathed a sigh of relief, but she found herself in another tight spot. If I pick up little pumpkin myself, Finnick will definitely become suspicious since he’s so smart.
“I’ve asked people from Morrison residence to pretend to be little pumpkin’s parents to pick him up from Norton Corporation. Don’t worry. He’ll be back soon.” 
“Okay.” Vivian nodded repeatedly, relieved that Benedict had got it all planned. 
At the same time, she was very worried as well. After all, Larry was a child, so she was scared that Finnick would find out anything if Larry revealed too much. 
Finnick, who was looking at Samuel’s interaction with Larry with a smile, suddenly received a call from Noah. 
“Mr. Norton, the kid’s parents have been found, and now I’m taking them to Norton Corporation.” 
“Okay. I’ll be waiting in my office.” 
After hanging up the phone, Finnick smiled and said to Larry, who was frolicking in Samuel’s arms, “Little pumpkin, we’ve found your mommy and daddy. You’ll meet them soon.” 
Daddy? Larry was puzzled. Isn’t my daddy here? 
However, he did not voice his doubt. Instead, he pretended to be overjoyed. “Really? Thank you, Mr. Norton.” 
“You’re welcome.” Finnick touched Larry’s head. The thought of him leaving soon made him feel a little sad as he wondered if he could still see the boy.
###Chapter 529
Chapter 529 
After about ten minutes, Noah brought the so-called parents of Larry to Finnick’s office. 
After seeing the two people following Noah, Larry recognized them as they were the maids of the Morrison residence. Being smart as he was, he instantly knew that they must have been sent by his mother and uncle to pick him up. 
Although he was a little disappointed at the fact that he was going to leave Finnick, he knew that his disappearance must have given Vivian a scare, so he played along and ran toward the maids. 
After the maids thanked Finnick profusely, they left with Larry. 
Samuel was reluctant to see Larry leave and could not help but comment, “This kid looks a little like you when you were young.” 
“Really?” Finnick did not think so. 
“Of course. I watched you grow up. Would I even get this wrong?” Samuel got annoyed at the fact that Finnick questioned his judgment. 
Shaking his head in amusement, Finnick immediately changed the subject. “Why did you come to see me today, Grandpa?” 
Hearing his question, Samuel gave him a serious look and asked, “I heard that Vivian is back. Have you seen her?” 
“Yeah.” After a moment of deliberation, Finnick nodded at him. 
“She hasn’t remarried, right?” Samuel asked the thing he cared about the most.
Finnick’s face fell as he recalled what happened that day. “I don’t think so.” 
Samuel’s question made him think. What should I do if Vivian has remarried? 
“That’s good then. Let me tell you, I’m really pleased with having her as my granddaughter-in-law. I don’t care why the two of you divorced five years ago, but you must find a way to marry her now that she’s back!” 
“I definitely will, Grandpa,” Finnick promised while shooting Samuel a serious look. This was also an oath he took in his heart. 
Vivian, you’ll never be able to escape from me in your lifetime! 
Upon reaching the Morrison residence, Larry was greeted by a tight embrace from Vivian, who had been waiting eagerly for him. 
“Where did you go? Do you know that you’ve scared me?” Vivian questioned while crying. 
“I’m sorry, Mommy,” Larry whispered his apology into her ear after seeing how sad she was. 
“Now that you know you’re wrong, tell me, why did you wander off? What if something happened to you?” Vivian berated him as her worry turned into anger. How can this kid do something like this? 
Faced with her anger, Larry looked at Benedict in hopes that he could speak up for him, but the latter said nothing. 
Although he doted on Larry, he did not want to spoil him. As Larry had indeed made a mistake this time, he wanted him to acknowledge his mistake and correct it. 
Seeing that Benedict was not going to help him, Larry gave Vivian an aggrieved look. “Mommy, I didn’t wander off. I went to find Daddy.”
“What Daddy?” A look of panic flashed across Vivian’s face. “Didn’t I tell you that your daddy had already passed away?” 
“That’s because you lied to me!” Larry got mad. “I already know that Finnick Norton is my daddy. He’s not dead!” 
“Who told you this?” To Vivian’s dismay, Larry actually found out about his relationship with Finnick. 
“No one told me. I guessed it myself.” Larry looked at Vivian pleadingly. “Mommy, why did you and Daddy split up? Can you get back together? I want my Daddy.” 
Hearing Larry’s words, Vivian felt her heart being gripped by a deep sense of sorrow. 
This was the first time Larry made such a request to her in so many years, but she couldn’t agree to it. There was no going back between her and Finnick.
###Chapter 530
Chapter 530 
“Little pumpkin, I’m sorry. This is all my fault,” Vivian sobbed out as she held onto Larry. She thought she had given Larry all her love, but she still could not compensate him for what he lacked in paternal love. 
“Little pumpkin, this is all my fault. I-I didn’t give you a complete family. Can you forgive me for this?” Vivian wept. 
“Okay. I won’t ask you about it anymore. Don’t cry, Mom.” Larry was a sensible boy, and he knew not to mention Finnick anymore. Instead, he raised his small hands and begun wiping Vivian’s tears away. 
Larry’s actions only made Vivian feel even more guilty. All she could do was hold him in her arms as she continuously apologized to him. 
Beside them, Benedict sighed. He then crouched down and hugged them, a form of silent solace. 
It had been a few days after Larry had gone to look for Finnick, but Vivian was still stuck in the same intense emotions of that moment. 
She kept asking herself—Is it right to hide Finnick’s matter from Larry? She could see that Larry had been feeling down after that day; he was no longer as happy and bubbly as he usually was. 
Since Larry already knows that Finnick’s his father, should I talk to him about it? After all, I don’t have the right to take away his opportunity to meet with his father. 
However, Vivian was terrified. With Finnick’s ruthlessness and power, Vivian was afraid that he would take Larry away from her.
No! I can’t lose my little pumpkin! I’ll never let Evelyn be Larry’s stepmother! But… my little pumpkin needs a father too. 
Right as Vivian was stumped by the issue, she received a call from Evelyn. 
“Hello, Vivian. I’d like to invite you to watch an opera today. Will you be ?” 
Instinctively, Vivian opened her mouth to reject her. After all, she was not in the mood to watch operas right now, not to mention with Evelyn. However, she was afraid that Evelyn was up to something. 
“All right. I’m today.” 
Hearing Vivian’s apathetic voice, Evelyn tightened her grip on her phone as she scrunched her face up in fury. Yet, her voice was still sweet as she said, “All right. We’ll meet at the café from five years ago, then. Will you be okay with two in the afternoon?” 
“Yes.” With that said, Vivian ended the call as a sneer grew on her face. 
The café from five years ago. What a place Evelyn has chosen. I wonder what she’s trying to do this time. Regardless, I won’t let her get her way! 
Raising her arm to check the time, she realized it was only eleven in the morning. Vivian’s original plan was to stay at home until one, but she abruptly made up her mind and left the house with her bag. 
Instead of heading toward the café where she would be meeting Evelyn later, she headed to a well- known beauty salon in the city. 
In the past, she would have never dressed herself up before meeting Evelyn, but now… Vivian would not continue to let Evelyn gain the upper hand.
In frustration, Evelyn grabbed her phone to look at the time. When the screen dimmed, her scowl reflected on it. It’s been ten minutes since the time we agreed to meet up, but I don’t even see a sign of Vivian around. Is she messing with me? 
At the thought of that, hatred filled Evelyn’s eyes. So she’s bossy now that she’s the daughter of the Morrison family? Ha! I’m going to make sure that her reputation is ruined beyond salvation this time! Those who go against me will be doomed to a terrible ending. 
The fury was burning hot in her chest, and Evelyn had nowhere to vent it but at the server. “Mister, the coffee’s gone cold. Don’t you know to change it into something hot?” 
“Of course. Please give me a moment.” The server then hastily took away the cup of coffee in front of the angry Evelyn. He was disappointed, as he did not expect a pretty customer like her would have such a nasty temper. 
Soon, the server returned with a fresh cup of coffee, but Evelyn did not even give him her thanks. Instead, she waved at him dismissively, as if she was trying to get rid of an annoying housefly.
###Chapter 531
Chapter 531 
Realizing how rude she was, the server felt upset about his missed opportunity in spitting in her coffee earlier. 
Instead of drinking the coffee, Evelyn continued looking around. Yet, there were still no signs of Vivian. Right as Evelyn was in the middle of cursing at the other woman, a commotion broke out beside her. 
Twisting her head to the side, Evelyn was shocked by the sight that greeted her. This is Vivian? 
The woman in front of her was wearing an emerald dress which complimented well with her fair skin. The dress stopped at her knee, and her legs were slim and smooth. 
Yet, her face was where everyone was focusing on. The intricate makeup she had put on matched perfectly with her wavy hair, and no one around her could tear their eyes off her. 
What stunned them most was the sense of slight aloofness. It made them feel as if she was an artwork in the museum—they could watch her from afar, but they could not get up close to her. 
Noticing the attention she was getting and the slightly-ajar mouth Evelyn had, Vivian felt as if she had traveled back in time to the moment five years ago. However, this time, their roles had reversed. 
That was what Vivian wanted to achieve. She wanted Evelyn to know that she was no longer the same person she was five years ago. From now on, Vivian was going to let Evelyn have a taste of her own medicine. 
“You’re early,” Vivian commented as she sat down in front of Evelyn. 
When Evelyn collected herself, a look of ruthlessness and viciousness returned to her face. Pinching her own hand until she nearly bruised, Evelyn plastered a bright smile on her face.
“That’s right. I have nothing to do, so I came earlier. It wasn’t a boring wait as the scenery here looks picturesque,” Evelyn replied. 
“Oh,” came Vivian’s flat reply. 
She knew what Evelyn was trying to hint to her—that she was late to their appointment. 
However, that mattered not to her; she intentionally came late, wanting Evelyn to wait for her. After all those horrible things Evelyn had done to her, Vivian felt it was nothing to have made Evelyn wait for her for a moment longer. 
Realizing that Vivian was not going to apologize to her, the wrath in Evelyn’s heart grew. 
Damn you, Vivian! Do you really think you’re a big shot now? How dare you make me wait for you? Who do you think you are? I’m kind to spare you from embarrassment! 
Despite the overwhelming anger in her, Evelyn had no choice but to endure it silently for the sake of her plan. 
“Vivian, do you know why I’ve invited you to this place?” Evelyn asked in a seemingly sincere tone. The innocent look on her face would have fooled Vivian if she had not suffered from her craftiness; Vivian would not have believed that the pretty face of Evelyn’s was nothing but a guise for her cruelty. 
Instead of answering her, Vivian raised her head to look at Evelyn in silence, as if she was waiting for her to continue. 
Vivian knew well that Evelyn must have some plan in her mind. Since the other woman seemed like she was not in a rush, Vivian was willing to play the slow game with her.
“To be honest, I want to apologize for what happened five years ago.” With that said, Evelyn’s eyes reddened and began to water. At that, Vivian’s arms were immediately covered in goosebumps. 
“Vivian, I was too insensible five years ago. I can’t believe I made you suffer so badly. Let me apologize to you for what happened back then. Could you please forgive me?” As she spoke, Evelyn even grabbed Vivian’s hands with her own trembling hands. 
Swallowing her nausea, Vivian voiced, “Didn’t we agree not to talk about the past?” 
“That’s because you have a big heart, but I can’t pretend as if nothing had happened. Vivian, you have no idea. Ever since I lost my legs, I’ve come to terms with many things, and I’ve changed a lot. I really think that I had crossed the line with what I’ve done to you back then. I don’t expect you to forgive me for them.” 
Evelyn’s miserable act made the server beside them stand transfixed. Is this the same person who was shouting at me earlier?
###Chapter 532
Chapter 532 
“All right, let’s not talk about the past anymore.” Vivian could not bear to watch Evelyn continue with her show. Retracting her hand swiftly, she changed the topic. “Didn’t you say you want to watch an opera with me? Let’s go. It won’t be great if we’re late for it.” 
The moment Evelyn heard Vivian dismissing her apology—she did not even tell her a word of consolation—she felt the urge to slap the other woman. 
However, she managed to tamp down the impulsiveness in her and wiped her tears. Soon, a smile was back on her face. Her change of expressions was so rapid that Vivian even sighed under her breath. 
“You’re right,” Evelyn mumbled as she dabbed the last droplets of her tears away. 
The two then headed to the opera, each ruminating about their own plans. 
After the opera, Evelyn abruptly said, “Vivian, I have a friend who’s meeting me today. He was thinking of having a meal with me. Do you mind if he joins us?” 
Are we finally entering the main topic of the day? Vivian sneered in her mind, but she maintained a calm look on the outside. “Sure. I don’t mind.” 
A gloating smile nearly emerged on Evelyn’s face when she heard Vivian’s quick agreement. However, she forced it away and cursed in her heart at how stupid Vivian was. 
“That’s great,” Evelyn beamed. “My friend’s an excellent individual, and I was hoping to introduce the two of you to each other.” 
“All right.” Vivian was curious what kind of monster Evelyn was planning to introduce to her.
Soon, they reached a restaurant. It was not a long wait before Evelyn suddenly cried out in excitement, “Hunter!” 
Turning her head to the side, Vivian saw a polite-looking man walking toward them. 
She had to admit that the man was handsome, and he had a nice smile on his face. If Vivian were a few years younger, her heart would have been stolen by his smile. 
When the man sat down, he did it elegantly. It was a sure sign that he had come from a well-educated family. 
After sitting down, he turned to look at Vivian and gave her a small smile. “Evelyn, this is…” 
“Vivian, this is Hunter Yates. He’s born in A Nation, but he can speak our language. He’s a good friend of mine when I was studying overseas, and he’s a graduate of Haven College. In other words, Hunter’s well-educated and a gentleman too.” 
“I’m flattered.” Hunter smiled as his gaze wandered to Vivian. 
“Hunter, this is Vivian W—” Evelyn stopped herself. “This is Vivian Morrison. She’s my good friend.” 
Despite the smile on her face, the look in Evelyn’s eyes was a look of hatred and jealousy. Who does this b*tch Vivian think she is? Does she really think she’s worthy of being a Morrison? 
“A pleasure to meet you, Ms. Morrison,” Hunter said as he reached his hand out. 
As it would be rude to reject him, Vivian hesitantly shook his hand. “Hello.” 
The moment their hands touched, Vivian wanted to retract her arm immediately. Yet, she sensed Hunter tightening his grip around her hand before letting her go.
Promptly, nausea rose to her throat, and anger crept upon Vivian’s face. 
If she was honest with herself, despite the man’s good looks, his status as Evelyn’s friend was more than enough to make her despise him. 
It was impossible for Evelyn to introduce her to someone out of her kind heart. The show she put on earlier, pretending to be her good friend, must have been a prologue to this scene. 
Resisting the urge to flip the table at them, Vivian quietly wiped her hand on her clothes. She had to find out what Evelyn was trying to do this time. 
While Vivian was wiping her hand, Hunter gave Evelyn a look of satisfaction. 
At that, Evelyn snickered in her mind. 
While it was true that she had meant Hunter during her overseas studies, he was no gentleman; he was a playboy. 
He looked polite, but he was a cunning womanizer. Yet, he was granted with a face that would attract many, and he had made sure to put it to full use by fooling dozens of girls. 
The reason for Evelyn to introduce Hunter to Vivian was that she wanted him to win her heart. Then, she would take unsightly photos of Vivian to ruin her life.
###Chapter 533
Chapter 533 
It seemed like half of Evelyn’s plan had succeeded by now. At the very least, Hunter’s interest in Vivian was piqued. Hunter was the kind who would do anything to get the woman he laid eyes on. 
Maintaining his gentlemanly demeanor, Hunter politely asked, “What would the two ladies like to eat?” However, his gaze remained fixed on Vivian, who sat opposite him. 
“I’m fine with anything. What about you, Vivian?” Evelyn queried in faked concern. 
“I’ll have the same as you.” Hunter’s burning gaze on her made the hair on the back of her neck rose, and all she wanted was to leave as soon as she was done with the meal. 
While they ate, Hunter and Evelyn chatted away merrily, but Vivian barely spoke. She only muttered a few replies whenever they turned to ask her questions, making it seem as if she was haughty. 
Vivian’s disinterest was apparent to Hunter, but instead of dissuading him, his need to win reared its ugly head. To Hunter, the more challenging the woman was, the better she was. 
Just as the long-suffering meal was over and Vivian thought she could leave, Hunter suggested going to a bar. Naturally, Evelyn agreed to it, but Vivian excused herself by telling them she had things to attend to. She could not endure a second longer around them. 
“How is she? Are you confident in winning her over?” Evelyn smirked at Hunter after Vivian departed. 
“Of course.” Hunter shrugged as a grin crawled onto his face. “I’ve never met a woman I can’t deal with.” 
The smirk on Evelyn’s face grew wider when she heard Hunter’s response. “I hope you’re not lying about that.” Vivian, you’ll never get the chance to win as long as you’re up against me.
While she was driving back, Vivian thought about the events in the afternoon. It seemed like Evelyn’s aim was to introduce her to Hunter. 
Although she did not know what Evelyn’s motives were, Vivian knew well that it would not be anything good. Thus, she reminded herself to be extra cautious if she ever met up with Hunter again. 
The next few days, Vivian returned to her normal schedule. She sent Larry to school before heading to work at Morrison Group. After her work, she would then pick Larry up and bring him home. Days went by leisurely. 
To her expectations and not at the same time, after that day, Hunter kept contacting her. Vivian did not even know where he had gotten her number from. In fact, it seemed like he was trying to court her. 
At that moment, her phone rang. 
Vivian glanced at the number she had gotten familiar with over the recent days, and frustration entered her eyes. With a rough sweep, she accepted the call. 
“Vivian, are you today?” The moment she picked up the call, she could hear his overly sweet voice through the speakers. 
“What do you want?” Vivian said in an almost-hiss. 
“Can’t I call you?” Hunter mumbled disappointedly. “I just want to invite you to a meal.” 
“I’m sorry. I’m not ,” Vivian rejected immediately. “I’m going to pick my son up from school later.” 
“You already have a son?” Vivian’s words stunned him to his core. This was something Evelyn never told him. 
“That’s right, so stop wasting your time with me.”
“How coincidental. Let me join you in picking him up, then.” Instead of keeping his distance away from her, Hunter was fascinated; he never hooked up with someone who was a single mother. “That’s settled, then. I’ll pick you up at your place. See you.” 
With that said, he ended the call, not giving Vivian any chance to reject him. The only thing she could do was curse at him under his breath when the call ended. 
After a while, the butler informed her that someone was looking for her. Upon taking a step out of the house, she spotted Hunter leaning against his blue sports car. Some young women on the street seemed excited when they walked past him. 
When he noticed her exiting the house, he yelled, “Vivian, this way!” 
At that very moment, Vivian could sense the gazes of the surrounding women. If looks could kill, she would be dead. Meanwhile, the culprit was still smiling and waving at her.
###Chapter 534
Chapter 534 
“What do you want?” Vivian snarled after storming toward Hunter. 
“Didn’t we agree on this?” Hunter cocked his head to the side. “I’ll send you to pick your son up.” 
“There’s no need for that. I can go on my own.” With those words said, Vivian ignored him and turned to head toward the garage instead. 
“Hold on!” Hunter stopped her. “Since I’m already here, you can’t possibly ask me to just go home. I’ll drive you there, okay?” 
Hunter sounded as if he was coaxing his girlfriend, and Vivian breathed out a sigh in exasperation. Mustering as much calmness as she could, she answered, “Mr. Yates, I don’t think we’re that close, are we?” 
“Ms. Morrison, I’m currently courting you. You have to give me a chance, right?” It was as though Hunter had not seen the grimace on Vivian’s face, as a smile continued to be on his. “Ms. Morrison, if you refuse to let me send you, I’ll have to linger here until you do.” 
Dumbfounded by his words, Vivian was at a loss as to what she should say. It did not help that more and more people were looking in their direction, and they were all residents of the neighborhood. Not wanting to continue being the focus of others’ attention, she steeled herself and entered Hunter’s car. 
At that, Hunter revealed a smug smile. As he had previously said, he drove her to pick Larry up from the kindergarten. 
In fact, after finding out which kindergarten Larry was attending, he came and waited for her outside Larry’s kindergarten every single day.
Eventually, even Larry noticed something amiss. 
One day, after Hunter sent them home, Larry cast his serious eyes on his mother and asked, “Mommy, do you like Mr. Yates?” 
Having not expected a question like this from Larry, Vivian smiled, amused. She held him in her arms and mumbled, “You’re still a kid, so don’t overthink it. Mr. Yates is only sending us home, that’s all. I only have my little pumpkin in my heart. There’s no more space for anyone else.” 
Hearing her words, Larry beamed and embraced her. “Mommy, I love you too! I love you so, so much!” 
I’m glad Mommy didn’t fall in love with someone else. If she did, what would Daddy do? I have to find a way to patch things up between Mommy and Daddy back as soon as possible. 
Another day came, and as usual, Hunter came to pick Larry up. 
“Hello, Mr. Yates.” Despite his unhappiness, Larry still greeted Hunter politely. 
On the other hand, Hunter was happy to see him. After days of interacting with the boy, his impression of him was only getting better and better. In fact, he sometimes thought to himself, it seems quite nice if I were to have a son like him in the future. 
“By the way, Vivian, there’ll be a party on a cruise ship in a few days. It’ll be a trip that will last four days and five nights. I’d like to invite you to join me. Will you be interested?” Hunter asked with a smile when they were on their way back. 
“I’m sorry. I need to take care of Larry at home, so I don’t think I have the time,” Vivian rejected without missing a beat.
“We can bring Larry along,” Hunter insisted. “There are many entertainment facilities on the ship, and I’m sure Larry will like it too. Moreover, Larry will be having his holidays around that time, so there aren’t any problems at all.” 
“No. Larry’s too young, so I don’t want to bring him to a place like that.” 
Right as Hunter was about to continue persuading Vivian, Larry, who had been silent until now, inquired, “Mr. Yates, do you know who’s going to be at the party?” 
His abrupt question made Hunter ze for a moment. It took him a while to think before answering, “I guess the prominent figures in society will be joining.” 
Hunter had not expected Larry to express interest in the cruise ship’s party, so he was thrilled by the boy’s words and begun to persuade Larry instead. As long as the boy agreed to it, his mother would have to agree to it as well. 
“Larry, I promise you that the cruise ship is really fun. Do you want to go there? Why don’t I bring you and your mommy to join it?” 
To Vivian’s surprise, Larry, who always hated Hunter, sided with the latter this time. He shook her arm and whined, “Mommy, I want to go there. Why don’t you say yes to Mr. Yates?” 
Vivian had a much softer demeanor when she spoke to Larry. “The trip will be long, and I’m scared that you’ll be tired. Why don’t we play at home?”
###Chapter 535
Chapter 535 
“But I don’t want to, Mommy,” Larry insisted. “I really want to go there to play. I’ve never been on a cruise ship. Please say yes!” 
It was rare for Larry to pester her, so for a brief moment, Vivian did not know how to reject him. After a long while of hesitation, Vivian finally relented. 
“All right, but you have to promise me that you’ll be a good boy. You can’t run everywhere like you did last time.” I’ll show him what a cruise ship is, then. 
“Yay! Thank you, Mommy!” With a cheer, Larry excitedly pressed a kiss on his mother’s cheek. 
When Hunter heard Vivian giving in, he smiled before looking at Larry through the rearview mirror. 
“Larry’s a smart boy. Don’t worry. I’ll definitely take good care of you and your mommy. All you need to do is to enjoy yourselves.” 
Unexpectedly, Larry, who had been on his side a moment ago, turned his head to look out of the window without replying to him. 
Since the prominent figures of the society will be joining, Daddy must be there too. If that’s the case, Mommy and Daddy will be able to meet each other. Maybe they’ll be on good terms soon! 
With that thought in mind, Larry’s eyes turned crescent from his smile. I’m so smart! 
Although Hunter was perplexed by Larry’s sudden change of attitude, he did not think much about it; he assumed that other children often did the same.
What he was more concerned about was how he should grasp the opportunity to win Vivian over once and for all. 
Vivian felt that the two of them would be awkward if they were left alone despite her not having feelings for Hunter. Thus, she told Benedict about it, hoping that he would join her at the event. 
“I’m sorry, Vivian. I have something vital to work on during this period, so I don’t think I’ll be able to join you. Can you go alone with Larry?” 
The vital work he had was related to Morrison Group’s future developments, so Benedict dared not be careless in it. 
“It’s all right. Your work’s important, and I can handle it myself,” Vivian hastily responded. “Go ahead. I’ll stop disrupting you.” With that said, she turned and was about to leave Benedict’s study. 
“Wait.” Benedict stopped her. 
“What’s wrong, Ben? Is there something else?” 
Benedict had a frown on his face as he wondered if he should tell her about it. However, when he recalled it concerned Vivian’s happiness, he uttered, “Vivian, I’ve heard of that man Hunter Yates. He’s a well-known playboy. You have to be careful when you’re dating him. I don’t wish to you see hurt by him.” 
Vivian never thought even Benedict had heard about it. At that moment, an awkward look flitted past her face. However, she soon recovered from it. 
“Ben, there’s nothing between Hunter and me; we’re not even friends. Don’t believe the office rumors. I’ve decided to never fall for another man again. I don’t mind living out the rest of my life with Larry,” Vivian murmured indifferently.
Benedict was glad to hear Vivian denying having a relationship with Hunter. After all, he was more worried than anyone else about his sister’s happiness. However, her last sentence made the worry reenter his heart. 
“Vivian, not all men are like Finnick. You’ll find better men than him. Try to open up. After all…” 
Before he could finish his words, Vivian interrupted him. 
“Ben, let’s not talk about it anymore. Go ahead with your work. I’ll take a look at whether little pumpkin’s asleep or not. Don’t work too late into the night. Good night.” 
Once she said those words, she quietly walked out and closed the door behind her. 
At that, Benedict could only sigh. She responded the same way every time he raised his topic. Does she really plan to never marry again? 
On the day of the trip, Hunter arrived early to pick Vivian and Larry up. It took them nearly two hours before they arrived at their destination. 
Although Vivian knew cruise ships were a luxurious mode of transport, the lavish sight she saw still stunned her.
###Chapter 536
Chapter 536 
It was a humongous cruise ship that could only be described as lavish and extravagant. 
The cruise ship was nearly ten stories high. Just the length alone was several hundred yards. Even though she had yet to take a step onto the deck, Vivian could already imagine the spaciousness of the ship. I’m sure it has no problem holding several thousand passengers. 
“Wow! It’s huge!” Larry exclaimed as he broke of Vivian’s hold and ran forward. 
“I didn’t lie to you, did I? Larry, it’s beautiful, right?” Hunter chuckled, satisfied with their reaction. 
“Yes!” At that moment, Larry’s mind could only focus on how amazing the ship looked; he could not even remember how he had wanted to keep a distance from Hunter. 
“I’ll bring you up, okay?” 
“Yes, yes!” Larry swiftly agreed. Then, he spun around to pull Vivian aboard the ship. “Mommy, hurry up. Let’s go see the big ship!” 
Larry’s joy was contagious, and soon, Vivian found her mood lifted. It seems like this trip is worth it. At the very least, my little pumpkin seems happy. 
After Vivian entered the interior of the ship, she realized she had underestimated the grandeur of the ship. The interior was built to the standards of a five-star hotel. The floors were carpeted with plush red carpet, and artworks from various time periods decorated the walls. 
It was an understatement if one were to say that there were many entertainment facilities onboard. Not only did the cruise ship have a swimming pool and jacuzzi, but it even had a basketball court and a golf course. As Vivian took in the sight of the ship, her jaw hung slack in shock.
Meanwhile, Larry was running around on the cruise ship. 
While Vivian and Larry were looking around, Hunter had considerately arranged their cabins and everything else. 
“Vivian, I’ll be staying in the room next to yours. You can knock on my door if you need anything.” Hunter gave her an enthusiastic smile. 
Unlike him, Vivian had a look of slight disinterest. “I understand. Larry’s getting tired, so I’ll tuck him in first. You should rest soon too. Sorry for troubling you today, and thank you.” 
Hearing Vivian’s polite and impassive tone, a sense of disappointment flowed into Hunter’s heart. Does she really not bear any feelings for me even after so long? 
However, it would not benefit him to show his true feelings to her, so his smile remained on his face. “Okay. I’ll rest now, then. Be careful on your own.” 
“I will. Bye.” At that, Vivian shut her cabin door. 
Hunter, who stood on the outside, clenched his hands into fists. His discontentment was now visible in his eyes. This time, he had to come up with a way to make Vivian closer to him. 
When it was time for dinner, Hunter knocked on Vivian’s door, thinking of inviting her to the dining room. A while before his arrival, Vivian had already dressed Larry and herself up, so they were quick to depart to the dining room. 
“How is it, Vivian? Does it suit your tastes?” Hunter asked in concern. 
“It’s good. Thank you.” Vivian flashed him a faint smile. Good? Good’s an understatement! It’s heavenly! Almost all kinds of cuisines were available in the dining room they were in.
However, when she sensed the loving gaze Hunter had on her, her food abruptly tasted less appetizing to her. Thus, she had no choice but to shift her focus to feeding Larry. 
While they ate, Hunter introduced the history of the cruise ship to Vivian. To avoid a tense atmosphere from forming, she would give him the occasional response. 
Right when she lifted her head, Vivian spotted a figure a distance away. Instantly, she stiffened as her face paled. 
Not far away by a table was Finnick. 
He was in a white shirt, and he still looked as gorgeous as ever. Yet, at that moment, he was having dinner with Evelyn. Vivian did not know what they were talking about, but Evelyn seemed to be smiling delightedly at Finnick. 
So they’re here too. 
The scene made Vivian’s heart sink. She remembered Finnick hated attending such parties the most, as he found them noisy. Usually, he would come up with an excuse to avoid attending it.
###Chapter 537
Chapter 537 
However, it now seemed like it was only because he had yet to meet the one who would make him join one. 
Vivian hung her head and bit her lips, forcing the upset in her heart to dissipate. She could not lose control of her mind over such a trivial matter. 
“What’s wrong?” When Hunter saw Vivian’s face turning ashen, he could not help but feel worried. “Do you feel unwell?” 
“I’m fine.” She squeezed out a smile. 
A while ago, Benedict had asked someone to pretend to be Larry’s parents to take the boy away. Fearing that Finnick would notice Larry with her, Vivian whispered to the boy, “Little pumpkin, can you wait for me back in the cabin? I’ll come to you in a bit.” 
“Okay. You don’t need to rush, Mommy. I’ll be a good boy in the cabin.” With that said, Larry climbed down from the chair and ran off. 
Upon exiting the dining room, Larry grinned, and his eyes lit up as he made a victory sign with his fingers. 
It looks like my plan has succeeded. Mommy must not know that I made a fuss about coming here because I want her to meet Daddy. 
Even Larry himself was surprised that his plan had gone so smoothly. Before Vivian noticed Finnick, Larry had already spotted him. However, he was afraid that Mommy would be angry, and that was why he pretended not to have seen him.
Mommy must have seen Daddy herself. This is great! As long as Daddy and Mommy meet, I’m sure they’ll get back on good terms again. 
Imagining the scene where his parents held hands and strolled with him, Larry became more excited than he was when he first saw the cruise ship earlier. 
Meanwhile, as Finnick was facing Vivian, he soon noticed her as well. 
This was the last place he thought he would see her. Right as delight crept into his eyes, anger replaced it. 
Who’s that man sitting opposite her? 
When he saw the man opposite Vivian push side dishes toward her and even tried to wipe the corner of her mouth for her, Finnick nearly crushed his own fingers. 
Fortunately, Vivian avoided him before the other man could touch her face. But what’s going on with that smile afterward? Is she shy? Shouldn’t she be shoving the plate onto the man’s face at a time like this? 
As Finnick stared at the man, he wished he could drill holes into the back of the other man’s head with his gaze alone. 
“What’s the matter?” Evelyn asked when she noticed the scowl Finnick had on his face. Then, she turned toward the direction where he was looking at. 
The moment she saw Vivian and Hunter, a satisfied smile grin grew on Evelyn’s lips. 
That man’s quite quick. He actually managed to win over Vivian in such a short time. I wonder how far into their relationship are they now.
Averting her eyes away from the other two, Evelyn intentionally said to Finnick, “I didn’t expect to see Vivian here too. That must be her boyfriend with her. The two of them match each other quite well.” 
When Finnick’s expression darkened, Evelyn added, “A while ago, I heard my friend, who’s an employee in Morrison Group, that a handsome, rich man is courting Vivian. That must be him. It seems like Vivian has agreed to go out with him. That means the two are having a date here. How sweet!” 
Hearing that, Finnick’s grip on his cutleries tightened, but he remained silent. 
The entire time, Evelyn was watching his expression. When she realized he still cared much for Vivian, sorrow washed over her heart. 
Finnick, Vivian already has someone else. Just let go of her. Why can’t we be together instead? Can’t you see that you have another woman who’s much better and loves you more than her? 
Finnick was already in a foul mood when he noticed Vivian with another man. Thus, Evelyn’s words were a knife that stabbed his heart and made it ache. 
“You can go ahead with your food. I have some things to settle,” Finnick told her as he wiped his mouth. He then rose to his feet, about to leave. 
“How can you do this to your girlfriend?” Never had Evelyn ever imagined Finnick abandoning her here.
###Chapter 538
Chapter 538 
Finnick was frustrated, too. “Evelyn, you were the one who insisted on coming to this cruise ship, saying that this is your birthday wish. That’s why I brought you here. However, please remember that I’m here as your friend. I’m only here because you need help with walking around. Don’t misunderstand our relationship. We’re not a couple, and you’re not my girlfriend. Please remember who you are.” 
The ruthless words from him made Evelyn pale. She never thought Finnick would be so straightforward with her. 
“But you said you would be responsible for me for the rest of my life!” she cried out in a trembling voice. 
“That’s what I’ve said, and I won’t go back on my words. I’ll take care of your life for the rest of my life, but that doesn’t mean I’ll use my feelings to repay the debt. Please stop hoping that our relationship will ever be more than this.” 
With that said, Finnick left Evelyn. 
It was not his wish to be so cruel to her, but his recent interaction with her told him to. If he did not do this, Evelyn would not listen to him; she would continue to do as she pleased by telling everyone she was his girlfriend. 
Clenching the fork and knife tightly in her hands, an angry fire sparked in Evelyn’s eyes. 
Finnick, I’ve poured all my love for you all these years. How can you talk to me like this for that b*tch Vivian? 
Evelyn wheeled herself, hoping to follow Finnick out of the dining room. To her surprise, instead of leaving the dining room, Finnick walked toward Vivian and Hunter’s table.
She began trembling all over. 
What’s Finnick trying to do? 
Soon, her question was answered, as Finnick strode toward Vivian. 
“May I eat with the two of you?” Finnick sounded polite, but the glacial gaze he had on Hunter said otherwise. 
At the abrupt appearance of Finnick, Vivian was sent into a momentary panic. However, she soon calmed herself down and uttered in a flat tone, “I’m sorry. I don’t think that’s possible.” 
“Is that so? I think it’s possible.” With that, Finnick sat down beside Vivian, ignoring the upset and shocked look Hunter cast at him. 
“Stand up! I told you not to join us.” Finnick’s domineering behavior infuriated Vivian until her face turned red, but she could not possibly shove him. All she could do was to move further away from him. 
However, Finnick stood up only to move closer to Vivian. Anger was in his eyes, and he had a taunting look when he lifted his head. 
While Hunter was confused as to why the other man seemed to see him as an enemy, he was displeased to see how close the other man was to Vivian. 
“Mister, may I know who you are?” he questioned as he swirled the wine in the glass. 
“You don’t know?” Finnick raised a brow. “I’ll introduce myself, then. I’m Vivian’s husband, Finnick Norton.” 
“Ex-husband!” Vivian roared. “Finnick, don’t forget that you signed the divorce agreement. We’ve already divorced!”
When he noticed how hasty Vivian was in trying to distance herself from him, Finnick’s heart sank. 
Does she really like this man? Is that why she’s in such a haste to clarify our relationship? Hmph! He has nothing but looks. I never thought Vivian’s tastes would worsen after a while. 
“There’s a reason for me to do that back then. I’ll explain it to you next time. Now, I want to get you back to my side.” As he spoke sincerely, he stared into Vivian’s eyes. 
“You have a reason? That’s easy for you to say now. Why don’t you talk about how bad you feel after doing those horrible things?” Vivian mocked, seemingly having no trust in him at all. “Also, let me tell you right now. I don’t love you anymore.”
###Chapter 539
Chapter 539 
Vivian’s words caused Finnick to frown. She accused him of resorting to unscrupulous means the previous time, and now she was reprimanding him for doing something so horrible. What have I done to her that she is making such a comment about me? 
Although he admitted that he had not been attentive enough previously, he had never betrayed her. 
Is she still holding a grudge about her miscarriage? 
However, this was not the time to delve into that. What bothered him the most was her last sentence. 
“If you don’t like me, who do you like then?” Fury was already creeping into Finnick’s eyes. 
“That’s none of your business !” retorted Vivian. Since they were already divorced, he had no right to intervene in her matters. 
“You’re Mr. Norton, right? Since Vivian has already divorced you, please stop disturbing our date,” interrupted Hunter coldly. 
It was not an easy feat to finally have the chance to meet Vivian alone. Now that it was disrupted, Hunter’s anger was evident from his tone. 
So they’re actually out on a date! 
Finnick felt fury rage within him. His expression turned colder as he glared at Hunter. “Even though we’ve already gotten a divorce, this matter is between us as a couple. As an outsider, you shouldn’t intervene.”
“Since Vivian is single now, I have the right to pursue her.” Hunter did not back down either. “Since your relationship with her is already a thing of the past, please stop pestering her.” 
“I have the right to win my wife back again.” 
“Sure, then let’s have a fair competition.” Hunter smiled calmly, not bothered by Finnick’s words at all. 
Having been in the market for a long time, he had seen all sorts of love rivals. It was impossible for him to be intimidated just by Finnick alone. 
As Finnick glared at him, his expression grew colder by the second. 
What kind of man has Vivian got her eyes on? 
Just like that, a silent battle transpired between both men. 
“That’s enough!” Unable to tolerate the hostile atmosphere between the two of them, Vivian stood up furiously. She left the restaurant and headed to the deck. 
“Vivian’s my wife, regardless of whether it’s in the past or the future. We’ll definitely reconcile. So, you mustn’t have any thoughts about her. This is a warning to you,” threatened Finnick coldly before chasing after Vivian. 
“Looks like things are becoming more and more interesting.” Instead of feeling worried or afraid after hearing Finnick’s words, a hint of excitement surfaced on Hunter’s face. 
Indeed, he liked relationships which were challenging. 
“I wondered how impressive you are. Turns out that you can’t even win that woman over.”
A mocking voice came from behind. When Hunter turned around, he saw Evelyn approaching him in her wheelchair. There was a cold smirk playing on her lips. 
“He’s Vivian’s ex-husband?” Hunter threw a glance at Finnick, who looked like he was explaining something to Vivian. From his angle, he could see Finnick’s worried expression. “He’s your first love? You got me to approach Vivian just so you can reserve him for yourself?” 
“Are you scared?” Evelyn provoked Hunter deliberately, afraid that he would back down. “Do you think that you can’t compare to Finnick?” 
“What a joke!” Hunter glanced at Evelyn and declared proudly, “An interesting woman like her will only be mine!” 
Evelyn felt satisfied upon hearing that as that was precisely her ive. However, a word which Hunter said earlier made her upset. 
“How interesting can a divorced woman be?” she asked coldly. She hated it the most when others praised Vivian. 
Staring at Vivian’s back with a longing gaze, he smiled. “A woman with a past is like a book filled with unraveled mysteries. She’ll only make men even more obsessed with her.” 
Although Vivian had always treated him indifferently, it made him more attracted to her, giving him a greater urge to conquer and rule her heart. 
Now that such a formidable love rival had appeared, he was even more eager to merge victorious. Hence, his determination rose instead of decreasing.
###Chapter 540
Chapter 540 
Having been in multiple relationships in the past, an ordinary woman would not be able to arouse his interest. Conversely, only a sophisticated woman like Vivian was challenging and interesting enough for him. 
He would definitely make Vivian his. 
When Evelyn saw that even a playboy like Hunter was so smitten with Vivian, she was so angry that she almost crushed the wine glass in her hands. 
What’s so good about that b*tch—Vivian? All the guys are so charmed by her! 
When Vivian reached the deck, she breathed in deeply and tried to vent her frustration. What does Finnick think I am? Does he think that he can abandon me and get me back whenever he wants to? 
Initially, Hunter’s arrival had already made her feel uncomfortable. Now that Finnick was there too, she wanted to return home as soon as possible. 
Staring at the vast expanse of water, Vivian closed her eyes and felt the sea breeze against her face. As she calmed down, a satisfied expression crossed her face. 
“Vivian, I have something to say to you. Let’s have a talk, okay?” 
When she heard that familiar voice behind her, her face clouded over. She spun around and brushed past Finnick. Keeping her eyes fixed to the ground, she refused to look at him. 
However, he grabbed her arm. “Vivian, let’s talk.”
“There’s nothing for us to talk about.” Vivian wanted to break from his grip, but her strength paled in comparison to his. When she saw how Finnick was refusing to let her go, her fury rose again. “Release me!” 
“I’ll never let you go!” Finnick moved closer to her and grabbed her other arm. “Listen to me, Vivian. The only reason why I agreed to sign the divorce agreement was because Evelyn…” 
Although Finnick was eager to explain to her, she was not in the right state of mind to hear it. 
“Your business with Evelyn has nothing to do with me! I just know that we’re divorced, so let go of me right now!” Vivian struggled to break , but Finnick refused to do that. 
Pinning her arms behind her back, Finnick pulled her into his arms and yelled, “Vivian, believe me. There’s nothing between me and Evelyn! I’ve always loved you.” 
“Stop disgusting me with your excuses. I already know what kind of person you are. You’re the perfect match with Evelyn. The methods both of you resort to are identical. If you’re not together with her, even the heavens would find it a great pity. I hate you, you damned jerk. Let go of me!” 
Vivian rarely scolded anyone like that. It was only today that she realized how natural she was at it when she was seething with anger. 
As Finnick was focusing on embracing Vivian, who was struggling frantically in his arms, he was not bothered by what she was saying. He merely assumed that she was venting her fury. 
Unable to control Vivian anymore, Finnick spun around while embracing her in his arms. He took two steps forward and pinned her against himself and the railings. 
“Evelyn only became crippled because of me. I stayed with her for so many years just to take care of her. We’re only friends and there’s nothing else more than that,” explained Finnick anxiously as he
moved closer to Vivian, trying to stop her from escaping. 
When Vivian heard what he said, she stopped struggling and looked at him in a puzzled manner. What does Evelyn being crippled have anything to do with him? 
Seeing that she was finally quiet, Finnick quickly grabbed the opportunity to explain what had happened. 
“Vivian, when I received the divorce agreement Benedict sent and heard that you’re going to A Nation with him, I was so anxious to rush to the airport and convince you to stay. However, Evelyn kept stopping me. As I was in a great hurry, I shoved her away. I couldn’t control my strength and pushed her down the stairs.” 
After a slight pause, he continued, “She got injured and fainted, so I sent her to the hospital. That’s why I didn’t have time to meet you. After the surgery, the doctor said that the nerves in her legs were damaged when she rolled down the stairs, so she might have to spend the rest of her life in the wheelchair.”
###Chapter 541
Chapter 541 
“There was no one by her side back then, and I was the one who led to her demise. Hence, when she asked me to stay with her, I was in no position to refuse. I had no choice but to bring her home and take care of her.” 
Not expecting this backstory at all, Vivian’s resolve was wavering. From Finnick’s explanation, it seemed understandable that he chose to stay with Evelyn back then. 
Realising that her resolve was wavering, Vivian quickly gathered her wandering thoughts. So what? When Finnick chose to divorce me, it’s because I’m not as important to him as Evelyn. 
Furthermore, since he’s already made up his mind to take care of Eve, and has been doing so for five years; why is he saying that he wants to pursue me again? What is he trying to do? 
Upon that thought, Vivian started to struggle again. “Then, you should take good care of her forever. What are you doing now? Do you want to be a two-timer? Let me tell you this, Finnick. You can dream on!” 
Finnick grabbed the railings tightly, not letting her escape. 
“That thought has never crossed my mind before. I’ve always loved you, Vivian. The only reason why I took care of Evelyn for five years is that I feel guilty. I swear, I only see her as a friend. I initially planned to look for you at A Nation after Evelyn could accept the fact that she was crippled and could live independently again. However, I discovered that I couldn’t wait any longer.” 
After a slight pause, he continued, “Vivian, I love you and no one else. In these five years, I have been missing you so much that I’m going crazy. Now, you’ve finally returned. Let’s get back together again, okay?”
From Vivian’s memory, Finnick was not someone who would be willing to confess his love so directly. With a personality like his, it was already good that he would smile at you. 
Yet, she heard Finnick, who was bad at expressing his own feelings, declaring his love for her over and over again. To be honest, she was a bit touched. 
Furthermore, she felt like Finnick’s gaze was brimming with passion, almost overwhelming her. There was a look of love, regret, determination and pleading in his eyes. 
Even though they were at the peak of their relationship five years ago, he had never looked at her in such a manner, as if he wanted to look into her soul. 
This complex and emotional look in his eyes moved Vivian greatly. She had an urge to hug Finnick and lean against his chest, one from which she sought solace. 
When Finnick noticed that familiar loving look in Vivian’s eyes, he could not help but feel delighted. He wanted to kiss her rosy lips and express his longing for her. 
Yet, he reminded himself not to be too hasty. Hence, he said gently, “Vivian, your miscarriage is all my fault. I’m sorry.” 
A hurt look flashed across Finnick’s eyes. When Vivian lost her child, the pain she felt was probably comparable to Evelyn’s. However, he was absent from her side. 
Furthermore, it was partly his fault too. If he had protected her child well instead of feeling repulsed, the child could’ve been safely born into the world. 
Unexpectedly, when Vivian heard him mention her child, the heartwarming feeling she felt earlier disappeared in an instant. A bitter feeling rose within her instead. She could not help but mock herself silently. The fact that the pain is gone doesn’t mean that I’ve forgotten my lesson.
When she recalled the scene of the doctor walking towards her slowly with a speculum, a shiver ran down her spine. The feeling of helplessness, as if she was a lamb waiting to be slain, overwhelmed her again. 
“No!” Vivian clutched her head in agony. She would never want to experience something like that again. 
“What’s wrong, Vivian?” asked Finnick anxiously as he grabbed her. 
At that moment, he looked like the devil to Vivian. When he stretched out his arms, it looked like he was going to snatch her child away from her.
###Chapter 542
Chapter 542 
“Get lost! Don’t touch me!” 
She shoved Finnick away so forcefully that he staggered backwards before regaining his balance. On the other hand, Vivian took the opportunity to escape and run toward the cabin. 
Little pumpkin! I want to see him now! 
When she returned to the cabin, she saw Larry sitting on the sofa and watching cartoons on the television. Larry, who had always thought that cartoons were childish, was doubling over in laughter at a funny scene. 
It was only then that Vivian’s heart stopped pounding so frantically. She would only be fine if Larry was safe and sound. 
At that thought, Vivian hated herself for almost falling back in love for Finnick. He almost made her lose Larry, so she would never forgive him, no matter what! 
“You’re back, Mommy!” When Larry turned around and saw Vivian standing at the entrance, he ran over to her excitedly. 
When she carried him up, her heart melted. “Did you behave in the cabin? You weren’t mischievous, right?” 
An exasperated look flashed across Larry’s eyes, making him look adorable. Whenever Mommy leaves my side for more than five minutes, the first thing she asks me is whether I’ve been mischievous. 
“Mommy, I’m a good boy, okay?” protested Larry as he pouted.
“Okay, you’re the best.” Noticing Larry’s gloomy expression, Vivian’s heart ached and she quickly consoled him. 
“I’m fine, Mommy. I’m not blaming you. I love you the most!” A bright grin spread Larry’s cheeks, shocking Vivian with his rapid change in mood. 
“What did you do just now, Mommy?” 
Actually, Larry wanted to ask whether she had met his father. 
Not wanting Larry to insist on looking for Finnick if he knew he was there, Vivian flicked his nose and smiled affectionately. “I was at the dining room. After eating, I came back to keep you company.” 
“Did you see Daddy?” As he was a child, he did not know how to conceal his emotions. When he gazed at Vivian, his eyes were filled with excitement. “I saw Daddy at the dining room just now. Did you see him?” 
Upon the mention of Finnick, a cold expression spread across Vivian’s face. “Really? I didn’t see him.” 
“But he was right opposite us. Did you really not see him?” asked Larry anxiously. Did my plan fail? 
The only reason why I agreed that annoying Mr. Yates to come to this cruise is to create a chance for Daddy and Mommy to meet! 
“I really didn’t see him.” Not wanting to discuss Finnick with Larry, Vivian quickly changed the topic. 
Although Larry was still young, he could sense that Vivian did not really like his father. As he did not want to make her unhappy, he answered her questions obediently and stopped mentioning Finnick. 
However, thoughts raced in his mind. Looks like there must be a misunderstanding between Mommy and Daddy. I must think of a way to solve it for them.
To prevent Finnick from seeing Larry the next morning, Vivian ordered a children’s set meal and asked for it to be delivered to their cabin. After watching Larry finish his breakfast, Vivian left him with a couple of reminders. 
“Larry, wait for me in the cabin like a good boy. I’ll be back soon to accompany you. Promise me that you won’t roam around, okay? Otherwise, I’ll be worried.” 
“Okay, Mommy. I’ll wait for you in the cabin and not go anywhere else.” 
“Good boy!” Smiling and stroking Larry’s head, Vivian could not help but hug him again. Sometimes, her son was so sensible that her heart ached. 
“Go quickly, Mommy.” Larry raised his head in Vivian’s arms and hurried her. Perhaps, she’ll meet Daddy today! 
“Okay, I’ll leave now.” After kissing Larry longingly, she stood up and left the room.
###Chapter 543
Chapter 543 
When Vivian reached the dining room, she could not help but feel glad for her foresight. As expected, she bumped into Finnick again. When Vivian saw Evelyn, who was sitting opposite him with a bright smile, a cold smirk played on her lips. 
Yesterday, he promised with such confidence that he had nothing to do with Evelyn. Yet, they were now sitting together and having breakfast so intimately. Looks like a man’s words cannot be trusted, huh? 
After scanning her surroundings, she spotted Hunter, who was waving at her. Hence, she walked toward him. 
“Why isn’t Larry here with you?” asked Hunter, feeling concerned. 
“He’s already eaten breakfast and is now in the cabin.” She lowered her head, drank the corn soup, and ate the dishes which Hunter had ordered for her. It was the first time she felt that he really understood her preference in food well. 
“Vivian, are you interested in taking a yacht out to the sea today? It seems quite interesting,” invited Hunter. After what happened yesterday, he had decided to pursue her more aggressively. 
“I have to go back and accompany Larry later, so I might not be able to make it.” Vivian rejected him as usual. 
“You can ask someone to take care of him on your behalf. Nothing bad will happen.” Hunter was as insistent like before. “It’s so rare for us to have a chance to have fun outside. It’ll be a huge pity if we don’t go out to sea at least once, right?” 
Vivian, who was planning to reject him again, raised her head. However, she coincidentally saw Evelyn wipe Finnick’s lips with a napkin. As Finnick’s back was facing Vivian, she could not see how his
expression was like. 
For some reason, fury started to rise within her and she had an urge to be reckless. 
“Sure, when should we set off?” 
Although she did not know why she agreed to Hunter’s invitation, that was what she wanted to do. In fact, she felt thrilled that she could take revenge. 
“What about ten? I’ll see you at your cabin.” Hunter was delighted. 
“Alright,” mumbled Vivian before returning to her food. The corn soup which she had enjoyed so much earlier suddenly tasted slightly strange, although she did not know why. 
She finished breakfast emotionlessly before bidding Hunter farewell and returning to her cabin. 
After telling Larry that she was going out to sea, she reminded him to wait for her obediently. When it was time, Hunter knocked on Vivian’s door. Still feeling worried, she reminded Larry over and over again. 
Although she was starting to regret her rash decision, she could not bring herself to reject Hunter when she saw his bright grin. Hence, she could only steel herself and get onto the speedboat with him. 
“How’s the view?” Hunter deliberately moved closer to Vivian and whispered into her ear. 
Feeling repulsed by their intimacy, Vivian frowned and inched away from him. “It’s not bad.” 
“What about me?” Hunter moved closer to her again. 
“What do you mean?” A hint of impatience appeared in Vivian’s eyes.
“Vivian, why don’t you be my girlfriend?” Hunter cut straight to the point and took a step forward. He was so close to her that if he lowered his head, he could kiss Vivian’s lips. 
Sensing Hunter’s breath puffing on her cheeks, she could not endure it anymore. She pushed him further away and took a few steps back. With a cold expression, she glared at him. 
“Hunter, what benefits did Evelyn offer to you to make you help her?” 
Larry had constantly been on Vivian’s mind. She was blaming herself for acting so rashly and leaving him all alone on the cruise ship. Now that Hunter was behaving like that to her, she was in no mood to continue acting with him. Hence, she decided to be honest and upfront with him. 
“You knew?” Hunter was taken aback when he heard her. 
“Yeah,” snapped Vivian impatiently. “So, stop acting and tell me directly. What do you want to do? Or in other words, what does Evelyn want you to do?” 
Hunter quickly regained his composure after hearing his words. It’s good that she knows. Anyway, I was planning to admit it to her a few days later.
###Chapter 544
Chapter 544 
In the beginning, Hunter had agreed to help Evelyn on account of their long-time friendship. More importantly, when he first laid eyes on Vivian, he found that her sophisticated air appealed to him greatly. Since the stars have aligned thus perfectly, why not? 
When Hunter had really gotten to know Vivian, he felt his curious attraction toward her growing exponentially. No other woman had managed to ignite such a feeling of warmth within him as she did. His attraction to Vivian quickly evolved into affection. Hunter had thus already resolved to be honest with Vivian about his intensifying feelings. 
Now that she had found out about it of her own accord, it was a relief for him in some sense. He no longer had to fret over how best to confess his love for her. 
“Yes, it was Evelyn who first asked me to pursue you. She wanted to stop you from getting back together with your ex-husband.” Hunter admitted honestly. 
“So I reckoned,” Vivian replied coldly. 
Vivian knew that Evelyn surely had her own motives for introducing other men to her. And it had turned out to be exactly as Vivian guessed. 
“Vivian, are you angry with me?” Hunter asked cautiously. This was why he had agonized over confessing the truth of the entire matter to Vivian. He was terrified that in her fury, she’d cut off all ties with him, and he’d lose her for good. 
However, Vivian’s sense of fairness prevented her from heaping all the blame on Hunter. He was clearly only a pawn in this entire operation. She shook her head.
“There’s no reason for me to be angry with you. You did nothing wrong, after all. This is between Evelyn and me. It has nothing to do with you,” Vivian replied shortly. 
“As long as you don’t blame me,” Hunter said, heaving a long sigh of relief. He turned a beaming face towards her. “It would have been most dreadful if you decided to cut off all ties with me because of this. If you did, I’d be crying in a corner right now.” 
Vivian did not return Hunter’s smile. Her face remained blank. 
She certainly wasn’t planning on doing anything to Hunter, but that didn’t mean that she didn’t find him despicable. In fact, Vivian had always found playboys like him to be rather loathsome. 
Even though she was determined not to have anything to do with him, Vivian couldn’t resist saying scornfully, “Have you ever heard of the word ‘revenge’? Aren’t you afraid of getting your comeuppance when you toy with women’s feelings like this?” 
Hunter merely smiled. 
Strictly speaking, he hadn’t led anyone on. Relationships required the cooperation of both parties involved, after all. Hunter had never bullied any woman into doing anything they weren’t willing to do. His relationships were mostly a cooperative effort, with both parties reaping individual benefits. 
He could never explain that to Vivian, of course. She would detest him even more and assume that he was making up more excuses for himself. 
Looking at Hunter’s hapless smile, Vivian felt a tinge of guilt for sticking her fingers into matters that were not hers to interfere with. As long as she didn’t get entangled into one, Hunter’s messy affairs were his own business.
“Don’t waste any more time on me. Nothing can happen between us,” Vivian declared. “You can decide if you want to tell Evelyn what transpired between us today. Also, please tell her that she doesn’t have to resort to such underhanded tricks in the future. No one else thinks as highly of the man she likes as Evelyn herself does!” 
Wasn’t Finnick the one Evelyn wanted? What a joke! Did she think that anyone else would be interested in a phony like that? 
“Sorry, perhaps you should tell Evelyn that yourself. I don’t plan on telling her about what happened here today,” Hunter said, shrugging casually. 
He was secretly pleased. From what Vivian had resentfully spat out, Hunter gathered that she had no intention of rekindling any romance with her ex-husband. Hunter was yet another step closer to his conquest. He had no plans of giving up on Vivian just like that. 
“Why not?” Vivian regarded Hunter with suspicion. Hunter had been co-conspirators with Evelyn. There was no way that Vivian would believe anything he said in its entirety. 
Looking at Vivian’s defensive posture, Hunter sighed helplessly. 
“Vivian, I swear that everything I say is the truth. I admit that I got closer to you in the beginning because of Evelyn. But after getting to know you, I realized that I’d genuinely fallen for you. Why else would I have confessed everything? I hope you can find it in your heart to believe me.”
###Chapter 545
Chapter 545 
“Is that the truth?” Vivian asked warily. 
“I’ll swear on my honor,” Hunter replied, raising his right hand in the air as if preparing to take an oath. His face was unusually solemn. 
Looking at his serious expression, Vivian recalled the tenderness he had shown her all this time. She decided to take a leap of faith. After all, it’s still better to have one more person on my side than against me. 
Vivian then flashed hunter a sunny smile. “Thank you.” 
It was for the best that Evelyn wasn’t aware of her scheme’s collapse. Otherwise, her devious nature would have resorted to other machinations. 
From day one, Vivian had always treated him rather brusquely. This was the first time that she’d actually smiled at Hunter. He was momentarily transfixed by it. 
Thump! Thump! Thump! The throbbing of his heart echoed thunderously in Hunter’s ears. 
With Hunter gaping at her thus, Vivian felt slightly discomfited. Her smile quickly vanished. “Little Pumpkin’s waiting for me. I’ve got to head back soon,” she hurriedly said. 
“Oh, sure!” The spell was broken when Vivian spoke, and Hunter could feel his face flush from embarrassment. 
As he crossed over to the captain’s seat, Hunter was inwardly cursing himself for his foolishness. Hunter thrived in surroundings full of women. He’d therefore never anticipated that a single smile from Vivian would set his heart aflutter.
At the same time, he was delighted. Hunter couldn’t even remember the last time he had felt moved by any woman. It felt both novel and exciting. 
The speedboat hadn’t traveled far, and they were back at the cruise ship in no time. 
As they approached the cruise ship, however, Vivian felt a growing sense of uneasiness. Something was amiss. It was noon, and there should have been all sorts of noise and laughter coming from the deck. Instead, not a single person was in sight. The entire cruise ship was blanketed in unusual silence. 
“Do you feel that something’s off?” Vivian turned towards Hunter, asking doubtfully. 
“What’s wrong?” Hunter stopped the speedboat and examined the cruise ship. “It seems…” 
Before he could finish his sentence, an ear-splitting bang sounded from the cruise ship. 
“Ahhh!” This was followed by countless shrill screams. 
Hunter and Vivian looked at each other with a mix of panic and fear. What on earth’s happening on board? 
“Good heavens! Have they run into pirates?” Hunter recovered his wits quickly. 
Hunter had heard that pirates targeted cruise ships for the sheer number of rich and wealthy people that were bound to be gathered on board. However, he never expected to have the misfortune of running into them that day. 
Hunter’s first instinct was to turn the speedboat around and steer off in the opposite direction, engines blazing. However, Vivian clung to him doggedly, refusing to let him do so. “Little Pumpkin’s on that ship! I can’t leave him. Let me board!” she begged.
“It’s too dangerous now. We have to leave quickly and get the police over here,” Hunter seized Vivian, who was trying to board the cruise ship. “If you go up like this recklessly, you might not even be able to avoid being killed, much less save Little Pumpkin!” 
“But I can’t abandon him just like that!” Vivian’s face was etched with distress and fright. “Let me go up first. You can call the police afterward.” 
Hunter felt torn upon hearing Vivian’s declaration. He hesitated. 
“Get us over there now! I’m definitely going to board. Stop wasting time!” Vivian had worked herself up into a frenzy, her voice breaking into a sob. What if Little Pumpkin is already in danger right now? 
“I’ll go with you,” Hunter said firmly. How could he, as a man, allow Vivian to risk danger all alone? 
Hunter carefully moored the speedboat and tentatively boarded the cruise ship with Vivian. 
The sight that rose before their eyes was not unexpected. The passengers were all kneeling in the main atrium, hands on their heads. A gunman stood before them menacingly, waving his pistol in the air to accentuate his threats. 
However, Vivian could clearly see that the hand he was gripping the gun with was trembling. The pirate’s fierce expression had not quite managed to mask the fear in his eyes. Clearly, this was no seasoned veteran.
###Chapter 546
Chapter 546 
Besides, he was the only one in sight. Vivian did not identify any other allies in the crowd. Everyone, however, was shaken by the sight of the gun. No one dared make a false move in his presence. 
Vivian was unable to locate Larry in her brief scan of the present crowd. She let out a small sigh of temporary relief. Little Pumpkin should still be in the cabin then, Vivian concluded. Hopefully, none of the pirates have managed to find him! 
Vivian turned to Hunter and gestured at the deck, indicating that they could sneakily access the cabins through it. 
Hunter understood. He flanked Vivian from the outside to shield her as they made their way in. Their hearts beating wildly, Hunter and Vivian finally arrived at the cabins. They’d managed to successfully evade the pirate’s shifting eyes. 
The moment she pushed open the door, Vivian darted in to search for Larry. He was nowhere to be found. As her search grew increasingly futile, Vivian became distraught. 
“Little Pumpkin, are you here?” Vivian cried, already on the verge of weeping. All she had for solace was this single thought that she repeated to herself over and over again. Little Pumpkin’s a clever little guy! He’ll be all right! 
But she couldn’t shake the nagging fact that no matter how intelligent Larry was, he was still only five years old. Vivian couldn’t help herself. Tears came and flowed uncontrollably. “Little Pumpkin! Are you in here? Answer Mommy, please!” Vivian cried in desperation. 
“Mommy, I’m here!” Just as Vivian was about to collapse from sheer grief, Larry’s voice piped out from the closet.
Delirious with joy, Vivian rushed over. Larry was indeed curled up inside, looking up at Vivian with joy. 
“Are you all right, Little Pumpkin?” Vivian asked anxiously, scooping him up into her arms. She examined him closely all over to check for signs of possible harm. 
“I’m fine, Mommy! Why did you come back only now?” Larry asked. 
After his joy at seeing his mother had faded somewhat, Larry felt slightly indignant at having been left behind. Tears welled up in his eyes. It had been so scary being left all alone just now! 
Vivian’s heart ached for her child. She squeezed him in a tight hug and babbled, “I’m sorry Little Pumpkin! It’s all Mommy’s fault; Mommy shouldn’t have left you all alone just now.” 
“I’m fine, Mommy. Don’t cry,” Larry said obediently, wiping at the tears cascading down Vivian’s face. “I was playing here when I heard people shouting outside about pirates, so I quickly ran into the closet and hid.” 
“OK,” Vivian said, patting Larry’s head tenderly. “You’re really smart, Little Pumpkin!” 
“Vivian, now that we’ve found Little Pumpkin, we should leave quickly. If that pirate discovers us, we won’t be able to get away,” Hunter reminded her urgently. 
“All right,” Vivian submitted, wiping away the rest of her tears. They had to leave as fast as they could. 
Hunter and Vivian retraced the route they had taken through the deck. Just as they were about to board the speedboat, they heard a vicious shout from the main atrium. 
“Bring Finnick here!” 
Vivian stopped immediately in her tracks. She couldn’t suppress the worry that automatically accompanied the mention of that name. What does the pirate want with Finnick? Is Finnick his ultimate
prize? 
Even though the thought of Finnick still repulsed Vivian, he was still Larry’s Dad and someone she has once shared tremendous intimacy with. Vivian could not bring herself to walk away in cold blood. 
Vivian thus crept back towards the main atrium. She crouched in a corner that largely afforded her invisibility and tried to overhear what the commotion was about. 
“Vivian, what are you doing? Let’s go!” Hunter was clearly dismayed by Vivian’s incomprehensible behavior. He lunged forward and whispered frantically, “We have to leave right now!” 
“Shh.” Vivian turned to him with a finger pressed against her lips, requiring his silence. It would be disastrous if the pirate discovered them. 
Larry followed suit, echoing, “Shh.” His adorable face was similarly filled with alarm. That bad guy shouted Daddy’s name! Is Daddy going to get hurt? 
Hunter was helpless before mother and son. He could only stand by and watch anxiously. Wasn’t that enough excitement for the two of them? We’re clearly in great danger! Why are we still messing around here? 
All the same, Hunter couldn’t just leave them behind and escape by himself. He had no choice but to stay by their side in this ridiculous situation.
###Chapter 547
Chapter 547 
In the main atrium of the cruise ship, a tall figure stood facing the pirate. 
When she recognized who he was, Vivian felt a sudden surge of emotion rise up in her throat. 
It was Finnick! It truly was him. 
Finnick stood proud and tall, looking utterly fearless. Scowling, he demanded, “Was this entire circus just for me? Why?” 
The pirate hadn’t bothered to hide his face. He looked like an ordinary middle-aged man, except for the gun that he wielded in his hand. 
When the pirate heard Finnick’s question, he erupted angrily, yelling, “Why? That’s a good question! Don’t ask me; ask yourself that! Don’t you know what you did five years ago?” 
Five years ago? 
Vivian stood stock still. 
Wasn’t I still with Finnick five years ago? 
“Five years ago?” Finnick sounded as clueless as Vivian was. He muttered to himself, saying, “But I don’t even know who you are! How can I possibly remember what I did to offend you five years ago?” 
“You may not know who I am, but I know exactly who you are!” The pirate’s impassioned voice rang out in the stillness. “I’m looking for you, Finnick, president of the Finnor Group! What did you promise us, stockholders, back then? You said that we had to trust you and that you wouldn’t let our hard-earned money go to waste! Why don’t you ask your conscience what you did?”
“Finnor Group revealed trade secrets, causing its stocks to plummet. I lost my principal entirely! My wife took our child and left, leaving me to wander alone all these years. I’ve been living a desolate life! All this happened because of you, b*stard! But look at you. You’re still living a care life without consequence. You don’t even deserve to live! Hell was created for people like you!” 
So this was all because of the fund! 
Immediately after the speech ended, Vivian heard shrieks coming from the passengers. Amid the tumult rose the sound of the pirate’s sinister laugh, as well as Finnick’s grunts of pain. 
Fearing for his safety, Vivian was prepared to stand up and creep closer to get a better view of the atrium. Hunter, however, held her back. 
“What are you doing? Even if you don’t care about your own safety, think of Little Pumpkin! We should leave now and get the police. We can’t get caught up in all this!” he said with a hiss. 
Hunter was clutching Vivian’s arm, evidently perturbed. Every minute they lingered was another minute spent in danger. He had no plans to die a hero for now, at least. 
Besides, Hunter was primarily concerned for Vivian and Larry’s safety. He didn’t much care whether the other passengers lived or died. He was even less prepared to sacrifice his own life for any of theirs. 
“This is important!” Larry said crossly as he glowered at Hunter. He turned to Vivian with tears in his eyes. “Mommy, can we go in and save Daddy?” 
It was the sight of Larry’s vulnerability that finally convinced Vivian that they had to leave. No matter what, she couldn’t place Larry in harm’s way. It was just too bad for Finnick. He was no longer a part of her life, after all.
Vivian hardened her heart and was ready to leave with Larry and Hunter. However, the next sentence turned her blood to ice. 
“Weren’t you the one that was responsible for exposing Finnor Group’s client data back then?” 
Vivian was utterly taken aback. When that scandal broke out, Vivian had just been rescued from Evelyn’s kidnapping plot. Vivian recalled that she had been recuperating in the hospital. 
At that time, Finnick had been occupied with this business. He hadn’t even been able to spare enough time to visit Vivian in the hospital. How could Finnick possibly have been able to expose their clients’ data then? 
Vivian slowed down as she pondered this, only to hear the pirate continue shouting, “Wasn’t it utter nonsense when you announced to everyone that you had been hacked? I did my own investigation and found out that you did it all for your wife!”
###Chapter 548
Chapter 548 
“When your wife was kidnapped, you promised all of Finnor Group’s client data to them in exchange. Tell me if this wasn’t the case!” the pirate challenged. 
Vivian’s hand flew to her mouth. Her eyes widened in shock. How could that be? Did Finnick really expose all of Finnor Group’s client data because of me? 
Vivian stood where she was holding her breath; her body quivering slightly, her ears keenly tuned for Finnick’s reply. Vivian was in shock. How is this possible? However, Finnick’s reply never came. The pirate’s voice, on the other hand, increased in volume and rage. 
“Your silence speaks for itself. You’re really something, Finnick. Your wife’s life is important, but what about the rest of the stockholders? Did you think about anyone else? Did you think about the consequences that your actions would have on all of us? 
I’m a firm believer in retribution. An eye for an eye! You should have expected some kind of payback for your heinous deed. Today on behalf of everyone who suffered because of you, I’m going to give you b*stard the punishment you deserve…” 
Vivian was now persuaded that in order to rescue her five years ago, Finnick had readily sacrificed his own business and future. 
She grappled with the feelings that were bubbling up within her. They left her feeling bewildered. The memory of Finnick caressing her as she slept in the hospital bed rose unbidden to Vivian’s mind. 
He must have been exhausted from everything that he was dealing with at work. Then, he had to go to the hospital to care for me. Yet Finnick had never breathed a word of this to Vivian. Was he afraid that I’d feel guilty because of that?
Tears sparkled in Vivian’s eyes and threatened to spill over. She was undeniably moved. Finnick had given up so much for her! So he was sincere, after all… 
“Vivian, let’s go! Otherwise, it’ll really be too late,” Hunter urged. He felt an overwhelming instinct to knock her unconscious and haul her along with him at the rate she was holding them back. We’re on the brink of death! What else is there to think about? 
Although Vivian still couldn’t quite forgive Finnick for what he had done to herself and Larry, neither could she steel herself to walk away without intervening in Finnick’s time of trouble. 
She thrust Larry towards Hunter. With a solemn look, Vivian said quickly, “Take Little Pumpkin with you and go! I have to stay here.” 
After all, Finnick was in this mess partly because of her. She couldn’t possibly leave him now. 
“You’re crazy!” Hunter threw himself before Vivian, barricading her way forward with Larry in his arms. “Don’t be stupid! Now’s not the time to behave recklessly. Leave with me right now!” 
Hunter struggled to grab Vivian and pull her away, but she had long since made up her mind. Vivian knew that if she left now, she would never be able to live with herself. 
“I’ve made up my mind. Take Little Pumpkin away with you quickly! Please take care of him,” Vivian begged, casting one last longing glance at Larry. She broke of Hunter’s grip and pushed them aside, storming towards the atrium. 
Hunter barely stopped himself from calling after her, afraid that he would draw the pirate’s attention to himself and Larry. He could only watch as Vivian marched towards certain danger. 
However, something was stopping Hunter from fleeing for his life and taking Larry along with him. He froze on the spot not knowing what to do.
As she entered the atrium, Vivian was greeted by the sight of the pirate pointing the barrel of his gun directly at Finnick’s head. Finnick was usually terribly fastidious about his appearance. At the moment, however, he was half-kneeling on the floor, his clothes wrinkled with a giant shoe print on his chest. 
He remained remarkably calm despite the circumstances. The only indication of his suffering was the scrunching up of his features. A thin trickle of blood ran from the corner of his mouth. 
Vivian anxiously looked Finnick up and down, taking consolation in the fact that there were no other visible injuries on his body.
###Chapter 549
Chapter 549 
“Help!” 
“Someone please help us!” 
“Get us out of here!” 
Everyone in the hall was desperately calling out to Vivian for help when they noticed her. They assumed she was the police coming to their rescue. 
However, their cries for help agitated the robber, so he fired a warning shot towards the sky. “Everyone shut the f*** up!” 
Bang! The anxious hostages screamed as soon as they heard the gunshot but immediately silenced themselves right after, allowing quietness to ensue once again. All the hostages were crouching with their hands on their heads, shivering for fear that the robber might point the gun at them. 
Seeing that crowd was under control again, the robber pointed his gun towards Vivian with a restless look on his face. “Stay there and don’t move! Don’t come any closer!” His voice was clearly trembling. 
At the same time, as soon as Vivian saw the gun pointing at her, she immediately became weak at the knees, barely holding herself up with those legs of hers. She swallowed hard and just stood there, afraid to move even an inch forward. 
“Who are you! Why are you here!” The robber’s heart was racing. All he could think of at that moment was how he should escape if the police had actually arrived. 
Before Vivian could say anything, Finnick roared at her, “What are you doing here! Leave!”
The man who wore a straight face even at gunpoint was currently covered in a cold sweat. No one knew how terrified he was just now when Vivian suddenly appeared. 
“Stay quiet!” The robber pulled his hand back and bashed Finnick on the head with the handle of the gun. As blood flowed down the side of Finnick’s face, the gun was once again pointing back at him. 
He was secretly relieved when he felt the gun pressed on his temple. A moment ago, Finnick was going insane when the gun was pointing towards Vivian. She was the only one on his mind, and he could not stand seeing her in such a dangerous situation. 
“Who the hell are you!” Even though the gun was pointing at Finnick, the robber’s attention was still on Vivian. 
Vivian kept her cool and shifted her worried gaze away from Finnick. She took a deep breath before trying her best to act tough. 
“I’m Finnick’s wife, the one that you mentioned. The Finnor Group publicized those client data because of me, so I’m the real culprit, not him. Let him go.” 
“What are you talking about! Just run!” Finnick shouted at her maddeningly. What Vivian said made him extremely frustrated because he had no idea what was going on in her head. 
This is not something that you can take on all the blame for! Your life is at stake here! 
Having said that, Finnick still felt a little touched as tears wet his eyes. Does this mean she still loves me? She wouldn’t have risked her life for me like this if she doesn’t, right? 
Nevertheless, Vivian ignored Finnick and continued, “Let Finnick go. If you want revenge, I’m right here. I was the one responsible for ruining your life.”
Meanwhile, Evelyn, who was among the hostages, kept her eyes on the blood on Finnick’s head, concerned to the point of tears. When she heard what Vivian said, an extreme amount of rage welled up inside her as she shifted her gaze towards Vivian and gave her a death stare. 
This is all because of her! Finnick wouldn’t have gotten into this situation and got hurt because of her! In Evelyn’s mind, Finnick should be placed on a pedestal and be respected by all. He should never be taking hits from a bunch of goons. 
“Yes! That’s her! She was the one that ruined your family! Finnick had nothing to do with it. Just shoot her!” Evelyn bellowed. 
Just die, Vivian! Why don’t you die! 
Evelyn currently had a menacing look on her face as her hatred for Vivian filled up her mind. She had totally forgotten that nothing would have happened if she did not kidnap Vivian back then. 
“Shut up!” Finnick roared at Evelyn angrily. He did not expect that she would be fanning the flame of the situation. 
But he was too late. Evelyn’s words had given the robber a final nudge into insanity. Slowly, he raised his arm and pointed the gun at Vivian.
###Chapter 550
Chapter 550 
“So it’s you! It’s all your fault!” The robber exclaimed. 
My business, my family, everything I had is gone because of this woman. She should die! Both of them should die! I had a good life ahead of me, but it’s all ruined because of this couple. I’ll make them pay! You should both suffer in hell! 
The hatred in his eyes was burning furiously as the robber slowly approached Vivian. He was ready to pull the trigger at any moment. 
“Mommy, no!” Larry saw what was going on from the deck through the window and was about to rush to the hall to save Vivian. Please! Don’t let anything bad happen to Mommy! 
However, Hunter immediately gave Larry a bear hug, locking him in place as Hunter did all he could to suppress Larry’s struggling and stop him from going in. Hunter was currently in disbelief. 
When he first started learning the language, he learned something about love that transcended life and death. He refused the notion thinking that no one would ever do something so stupid. 
To him, besides the parents, there was nothing more important than one’s own life. Love was just a way to have fun and kill time. There was no point in getting hurt over it. 
Nevertheless, that day, he finally realized that something like that did, in fact, exist. A feeling so strong that one would forfeit their life for another. 
Does Vivian actually hate Finnick like how she acts? 
Back in the hall, Vivian’s senses intensified from the tension. She could clearly feel the beads of sweat slipping down the back of her ears while the beating of her heart pummeled at her eardrum. Vivian
closed her eyes when she realized the gun was getting really close. 
Sorry, Little pumpkin. I won’t be able to watch you grow up, watch you get married, and have kids. I’m so sorry… 
Her tears flowed down her cheeks as she waited hopelessly for the sound of gunfire. But it never came. 
What she heard instead was the robber’s painful cry. So, she opened her eyes. 
In front of Vivian, the robber was lying down on his back with one hand on his shoulder. He was moaning in pain while Finnick wiped away the blood at the corner of his mouth and pointed the gun at the robber. 
When Finnick saw the robber approach Vivian, he was anxious to the point where he felt like his heart was about to explode. As he could not stay still any longer, Finnick blindsided the robber while he was not looking. He closed in on him and immediately grabbed the arm holding the gun, twisting it backward with all his might. 
Crack! There was a crisp crackling sound as the robber’s arm was dislocated from his shoulder, followed by the man’s painful cry. 
After that, Finnick snapped out a kick towards the robber’s chest, knocking him down. Finnick proceeded to pick up the gun and pointed it at the robber. 
Ever since he was kidnapped with Vivian fifteen years ago, Finnick had put in some work and picked up quite a few self-defense and martial art techniques. When he subdued the robber, he felt glad that he did not let up on honing those skills. 
On the other hand, Vivian realized that she was safe, so she let out a deep sigh of relief and allowed herself to slump to the ground. She was trying to calm herself down as the fear sank in.
When the hostages saw that Finnick had taken the gun away from the robber, everyone stood up with no more concern on their minds. They surrounded the criminal as some even gave him a few more kicks. 
The man on the floor was struggling to get up, wanting to escape. Nonetheless, no one there would ever let him go. Someone ordered a server to find some rope and tied the robber up before they started reprimanding the man for his actions and releasing the pent-up frustration and anger they accumulated. 
Those people were very much accustomed to the high life, so the terror and indignant they felt from the incident had brought out the worst in them as they disregarded all the etiquette that they once emphasized. 
“You really thought you had all the power in the world with that tiny gun, huh?” 
“A solo mission to rob a cruise ship? You’re brave if nothing else.” 
“Call the police already! Illegal possession of a firearm, kidnap and blackmail. I reckon he would be in jail for the rest of his life with these charges.” 
“You shouldn’t have gotten into stocks if you can’t take the hit. If everyone were like you, none of us here would be able to do any business!” 
“Call the police, quick! I’ll put a word in with you at the police station. I want this man dead in the prison cell! Goddammit! I thought I could have some fun on this cruise. Why did this have to happen to me!”
###Chapter 551
Chapter 551 
Since the life-threatening situation was dissolved, the people in the hall had nothing left to be afraid of. They were all looking at the robber with scornful looks on their faces, wanting to tear him to pieces. 
At the moment, the robber was tied up and gagged with some tablecloth, so the only noise he could make was some unrecognizable murmurs. However, his eyes were still burning with resentment. 
Not long after, the police arrived and recorded how everything went down before they took the robber away. With that, the crowd eventually dispersed. 
As soon as Finnick took down the robber, he had been by Vivian’s side, softly stroking her back to calm her down. His heart ached as he looked at Vivian who was sitting on the floor. 
She must be terrified just now. If I were any later, I might not get to see her ever again. How could she be so stupid? Was it really worth it? 
Even though he had that thought in mind, Finnick was still touched by Vivian’s gesture. So he took her into his arms and comforted her, “It’s fine now. There’s nothing to be scared of anymore. It’s all over.” 
Indeed, Vivian was still dumbfounded as she leaned on Finnick’s chest, unable to come to her senses. 
The two of them stayed like that for quite a long while before Vivian was finally able to calm down. As soon as she did, she realized that Finnick was the one hugging her. Vivian’s face flushed, and she immediately broke . 
“Are you okay?” Finnick inquired as he looked at her. He felt disappointed when she broke out of his arms. Is she still not coming back to me? 
Vivian stood up and shook her head. “I’m fine.”
Having said that, her legs were numb because she stayed in that position for too long. Hence, she almost fell back onto the floor. Nevertheless, Finnick was quick to react and caught her before the fall. 
Vivian felt awkward in his arms yet again, but she realized that she would fall if she let go of him. So, the only thing she could do at that moment was to use Finnick as a temporary support. 
Finnick, on the other hand, was indulging in that rare instance of intimacy between them. How long has it been since Vivian last stayed quiet like this in my arms? We’ve been getting into arguments every time we met since she came back. 
Finnick felt like there were some misunderstandings between them, but Vivian would either give him the cold shoulders or get really riled up whenever he tried to find out. She never bothered giving him the chance to talk things out about what happened that year. 
Thinking that a rare chance had presented itself, Finnick wanted to get to the bottom of what happened that year. The reason why Vivian insisted on getting a divorce and left the country without even telling him. So, he spoke, “Vivian, why did you… “ 
“Is what he said real?” Vivian asked at the same time before giving him an apologetic gaze. 
“What did he say?” Finnick pushed his question aside and asked with a hint of confusion in his voice. 
“Did you release Finnor Group’s client data to the public because of me?” 
Finnick nodded after a brief moment of hesitation. He had kept this fact a secret for fear that it might burden Vivian with guilt. But in the end, she still found out about it in an unexpected situation. 
“When Mark kidnapped you back then, he used you to blackmail me into publicizing the client data. I didn’t have any other choices, so I accepted his offer because I was anxious.”
“For me? Was it actually worth it?” Vivian felt moved. Having spent quite some time with Benedict, Vivian could understand how devastating Finnick’s action was to the company. 
“I can give up anything for you, Vivian. Nothing’s more important than you.” Finnick held her hand. “This was, still is, and will always be the case.” He took a brief pause. 
“Vivian, what you did for me just now must have meant that you still have feelings for me, right? Can’t we get back together and live like how we used to live?” 
Finnick was staring right into her eyes as he asked that question sincerely. 
Under his unwavering affection, Vivian was swayed. Can we do that? Can we really go back to how it used to be?
###Chapter 552
Chapter 552 
“Vivian, are you okay?” A voice from the entrance interrupted Vivian’s thoughts, and she turned around to find Hunter running towards her. 
She realized that the position she and Finnick could easily be misinterpreted, so she instinctively pushed him away. 
Hunter, however, did not notice anything. All he could think about was whether Vivian was hurt as he held on to her shoulders and inspected. He let out a sigh of relief when he confirmed that there were no injuries on Vivian. 
“Did you know how worried I was? Never let yourself be in danger like that ever again!” 
Vivian felt a little awkward with how intimate Hunter sounded, but she understood that he was sincerely concerned about her well-being. So she answered him in a calm manner, “I’m fine. Don’t worry.” 
Beside her, Finnick’s expression had darkened into something cold and rather terrifying. This man again. What’s their relationship? Why is he touching her like this! 
His terrifying aura was so strong that even Hunter felt it. Thus, Hunter let go of Vivian, straightened up, and stared down at Finnick with an indescribable sense of envy from within. 
It was obvious to Hunter that Vivian had feelings for the man in front of him since she was even willing to risk her life for him, and he realized that there would be a lot more obstacles between him and Vivian because of it. 
Although Hunter had to admit that Finnick was remarkable in many aspects, he himself was just as impressive, so there was no way he would back down in the pursuit of Vivian’s affection.
On top of that, Finnick failed to hold on to her. This meant that there were some inherent flaws in their relationship since they would not have separated otherwise. Hunter was not someone who believed that a broken mirror was ever fixable. 
At that moment, both men could see the determination in each other’s eyes, and no one wanted to be the first to look away as that was an indication of backing down to them. Neither of them would back down when it came to Vivian. 
Meanwhile, Vivian had roughly figured out what was going on between the two men, and she was thinking to herself in a somewhat self-deprecating manner. Never in my life would I had thought that two men would be fighting over me like that. 
In the end, Vivian was the one that broke the silence. “Hunter, you were looking for me?” She could not actually let those two faced off like that to no end. Even she was starting to feel the chills as if the hall was getting cold. 
Having heard what Vivian said, Hunter finally pulled his stare away and turned towards her. “I’ve just settled him down, so I came to make sure you were okay.” 
Vivian had informed him a few days ago that Finnick did not know of Larry’s existence, so she wanted him to keep it a secret. That was why Hunter did not mention any names. 
Naturally, Vivian knew who he was referring to. “Is he okay?” She asked anxiously. 
“He’s fine.” Hunter shook his head. “But I think it’s better if you were there with him.” 
“Okay.” Vivian nodded immediately. “Let’s go back!” 
She felt guilty for forgetting that Larry was waiting for her. Larry must be terrified from what just happened. I need to go to him immediately and let him know everything is okay now.
“Who are you two talking about?” Finnick grabbed Vivian’s arm and asked, seeing that she was about to leave. He felt like an outsider because he could not understand who they were talking about, and he despised that sort of feeling. 
Right then, Finnick’s question reminded Vivian of the time he forced her into the abortion. 
“It has nothing to do with you,” Vivian answered with a cold expression as she flicked his hand off her. After that, she turned around and left the hall. This man has no right to talk about Larry, nor does he have the right to be his father! 
Vivian was a forgiving person, but that was something she would never let go of. She had vowed to never forgive Finnick for what he did, no matter what. 
Finnick shot Hunter a piercing gaze when he realized Vivian had gone back into her cold self, even after seeing her clearly swayed by his proposal. Does she really like this man? Why is she distancing herself from me as soon as he shows up? 
Hunter, on the other hand, greatly contrasted the murderous presence Finnick was exuding. His mood was much better as he looked at Finnick with a grin before leaving behind Vivian.
###Chapter 553
Chapter 553 
Finnick was alone, fuming with unadulterated rage as he kicked a nearby stool and sent it flying. 
Hunter smiled when he heard the loud bang behind him. 
After the incident, no one had any spirit left to continue having fun. Thus, the cruise ship turned around ahead of schedule. 
Later on, Vivian was back at the Morrison family with Larry, but Benedict was nowhere to be seen. She then found out from one of the maids that Benedict went to pick them up, so she quickly called him, thinking that they had missed each other on the way back. 
“Vivian, where are you now?” Benedict sounded concerned through the phone. 
“I’m already home, Ben. Come back.” 
“You’re home!” Benedict was ecstatic for a brief moment before resuming his concerned tone. “Are you and Larry both okay?” 
“We’re fine,” Vivian answered. She was surprised that Benedict already knew about what happened. 
“Alright, that’s all that matters. I’ll go back now. Wait for me.” Benedict ended the call and immediately swerved the car around towards home. 
Within ten minutes, Benedict reached the house. 
“Uncle Benedict!” Larry smiled and dived onto Benedict the moment he saw him. Benedict, however, did not reciprocate the child’s smile. There was only worry on his face. He proceeded to inspect Larry closely, repeatedly asking whether the kid was injured or felt uncomfortable in any way.
“Ben, I told you, we’re fine. Stop worrying,” Vivian assured her brother once again. 
It was by then that Benedict finally unfurrowed his eyebrows and expressed his relief. Seeing that made Vivian feel awful for always making her brother worry about her throughout the years. 
After spending a few days at home, Larry had forgotten about the fright that he experienced. He went back to being the cute and lively kid he always had been. With that, Vivian could finally relax since she was afraid that Larry might be traumatized by the horrific experience. 
One day morning, Vivian brought up something with Benedict during breakfast. “I want to go see my mother, Ben.” 
She was curious about how Rachel was doing as she had never gone and visit since she came back to the country. 
“Sure. Do you need me to go with you?” Benedict figured Vivian would feel uneasy if she visited Rachel alone. 
Vivian thought about it, but she remembered that Benedict was swamped with work for the past few days. 
“It’s okay. I can go alone. You have a lot of things to do at the company.” She decided to not take up her brother’s valuable time. 
After breakfast, Benedict went off to work, and Vivian went to visit the hospital. 
Even though she was not in the country, Vivian had still asked Benedict to hire some people to take care of Rachel William. She heard that Rachel’s health was deteriorating year after year, and there was still no suitable bone marrow donor so the surgery had been delayed for a long time.
With that in mind, Vivian felt guilty for not being a good daughter. She had never visited her mother after all those years. 
In fact, she dared not come back since Finnick and Evelyn were here. She was perturbed by the thought of seeing them again, worrying that the old wounds she had might open up again. The pain was too unbearable for her to experience a second time. 
In front of Rachel’s ward door, Vivian was in a dilemma about whether she should go in as a part of her was scared to open the door. 
The hospital, the ward, the familiar scenery, and the joyous moments Vivian shared with Rachel. She could remember everything as though it was just the day before. Despite that, it had been five years since the two last saw each other, so Vivian felt a sense of unfamiliarity being there. 
Eventually, she decided to knock on the door and not go in like how she usually did. 
“Come in. The door’s not locked,” said an old yet friendly voice. 
Hearing that made Vivian instantly tear up as her nose felt stuffy along with her throat. Even her heart ached.
###Chapter 554
Chapter 554 
Even though Vivian knew how serious Rachel’s condition was, she was still stunned when she entered the room. Her tears flowed down her cheeks and all the mental preparation she made crumbled into nothing. 
She covered her mouth as the beads of tear shattered on the floor, afraid that she might break down from what she was seeing. 
The woman on the bed in front of her was nigh unrecognizable. Vivian could not even tell if she was actually her mother. 
Currently, Rachel was on the drip. Veins could be seen all over her scrawny hand, so thin that it looked like she had only skin and bones left. On top of that, there was a huge concentration of needle marks. 
As Vivian shifted her gaze upward along Rachel’s arm, it was clear that not only was her arm scrawny, Rachel’s whole body was far thinner than anything she would have ever imagined. Vivian could even see the outline of her bone structure through her skin. 
Rachel’s cheeks were caved inwards with a hint of green on them, the cheekbones protruding noticeably. 
And then, their eyes met. The initial warm and lively gaze that Rachel had was gone, leaving her with an empty gaze. 
However, those lifeless eyes lit up as soon as Vivian was in sight. Vivian could even see the excitement and longingness Rachel was feeling just by looking into her eyes. 
“Vivian? You’re back? Am I dreaming?”
“Yes, Mum. I’m back. I’m so sorry… “ When she heard Rachel’s hoarse voice, Vivian could no longer hold it in. She dived towards the sickbed and cried while she spoke. 
Vivian knew she should have visited, but it was too late. The loving and gentle smile Rachel once had, was no longer there. It was replaced by a pale and haggard look on her face. 
“Vivian! It’s really you! You really came back!” Rachel smiled as her hand brushed along Vivian’s hair. “Don’t cry. Come, show me how beautiful of a woman you’ve grown into. It’s been so long.” 
Vivian sniffled and raised her head. She wanted to smile at Rachel like how she practiced before coming in, but it was impossible. Her tears could not stop leaking out of her eyes. 
“Come on. Please stop crying.” Rachel wiped away the tears on Vivian’s cheeks with her hand. However, that only made it worse as Vivian’s heart ached even more from feeling the touch of Rachel’s dry and bony hand. 
Vivian planted her face onto the bed beside Rachel and cried even louder. Even she herself was shocked to see the amount of tear she was producing. It felt like Vivian had opened up a dam, and water was flooding out nonstop. At the same time, Rachel was out of options. She had no idea how she could calm Vivian down, so she only stroked her back. 
Eventually, Vivian raised her head towards Rachel after she toned down the crying and calmed down. 
“Vivian, how have you been?” Rachel asked gently. Her eyes were filled with lament. She was the reason why Vivian took so long to get back into her own life. 
“I’m doing alright. You?” Vivian wiped off her tears. 
“I’m alright too. Your brother had gotten some people to take care of me all these years.”
“Oh, I… “ Vivian wanted to say something, but her mind went blank. 
It dawned on her that, between her and Rachel was five years of absence from each other’s lives, so it felt like they were strangers. The crying she just did was more like a farewell to the past. 
“Did Benedict come back with you?” Rachel asked instead. 
“Yes.” Vivian nodded in response. “Can I ask how your body is doing?” 
She wanted to call Rachel her mother, but then she remembered that Evelyn was her daughter, not her. Moreover, Vivian also recalled that Rachel cared about Evelyn much more, making her feel unusually distant and awkward. 
She would have address Rachel as Mum if she did not think about that. Now that she did, Vivian’s tone changed and was more respectable and reserved. 
Rachel noticed the change and felt distraught, but there was nothing she could say nor do. 
Indeed, she was not Vivian’s mother, so it was good enough for Rachel if Vivian did not blame her for swapping her identity.
###Chapter 555
Chapter 555 
“My body’s still hanging in there. I’ll have to bear with it and see how long it lasts,” Rachel calmly answered Vivian. She had already lost hope during the years of waiting. 
Vivian was perturbed when she heard what Rachel said. It was unhealthy of Rachel to be facing her illness in such a pessimistic manner. 
“Did Evelyn ever came to visit you? Did she test the compatibility of her bone marrow? You need to get this surgery done as soon as possible!” 
Vivian’s word left Rachel speechless. Her disappointment was clearly visible from her eyes. Noticing that, Vivian had a realization. 
“Don’t tell me. Did Evelyn refuse to donate her bone marrow?” She asked with a hint of rage on her expression. Would she really leave her own birth mother to die like this? 
“No. It’s not like that,” Rachel frantically waved her hands as she denied. “Evelyn has been really busy. It’s not that she doesn’t want to. She merely did not have the time. Please don’t misunderstand.” 
Rachel’s panicked reaction had affirmed Vivian of her speculation, and she sneered. Busy? She had time to even go on a cruise! How can she not have time to save her mother, who’s currently at death’s door! 
Even though Vivian had already witnessed the cruelty Evelyn possessed, but this was a new low, even for her standards. Never had Vivian ever met someone who could be so ruthless with their blood relatives. Her brows knitted as she looked at the frail Rachel right in front of her. 
She’s not going to last any longer if she doesn’t get that transplant soon. Do I really need to look for Evelyn?
The thought of that selfish and sinister woman made Vivian rethink everything. 
And while she was facing that difficult decision, her phone rang. Vivian’s face immediately darkened as she read the caller’s indication. It was none other than Evelyn. 
“It’s Evelyn! Quick, Vivian. Pick up the call!” Rachel urged when she saw Evelyn’s name on Vivian’s phone screen. Her eyes sparkled with care and longing as she formed a smile on her face. 
This reaction pained Vivian inside. No matter how Evelyn treated Rachel, Rachel would never blame her simply because she gave birth to Evelyn. She would even find excuses to defend her and get really excited whenever there was news about her. 
“Quick, Vivian! What if she hangs up?” Rachel was getting anxious, seeing that Vivian was only staring at the phone. This time, there was a hint of admonishment in her voice. 
Vivian’s heartache worsened from hearing that. She could feel the tears welling up in her eyes. This is the difference between a birth child and someone else’s, I suppose? Does she really have to be so angsty just because I am not picking up immediately? Would she still act the same if it was me calling Evelyn? 
She realized how stupid it was of her to feel so much concern for Rachel a moment ago. After all, Vivian was not Rachel’s kin, and Rachel would never treat her like she was. Vivian knew that she could never overthrow Evelyn’s importance in Rachels’s heart. 
Even though a lot was going on in her head, Vivian eventually picked up the phone. She could not simply end the call in front of Rachel anyway. 
“Vivian, are you right now?” Evelyn sounded really pleasant and polite. Nevertheless, Vivian knew better. She was immediately on high alert, thinking that Evelyn was plotting something against her once
again. It had become a conditioned reflex at this point after the numerous occasions where Evelyn set her up. 
“What can I do for you?” Vivian tried to be as polite as possible since Rachel was right in front of her. In her head, she would have screamed at Evelyn if she was anywhere else. 
“Let’s talk. If you’re right now, I’ll send you the location, okay?” 
Vivian instinctively wanted to refuse, but she did not.
###Chapter 556
Chapter 556 
Vivian turned around to look at Rachel as she joyously listened to Evelyn’s voice through the phone, secretly letting out a sigh. She’s just a mother that loves her daughter. There’s nothing wrong with that. 
Despite all the mixed feelings Vivian had, Rachel did, in fact, raised her. Hence, she could not leave Rachel to die like that. 
With that in mind, she accepted Evelyn’s invitation. “Alright. Send me the location. I’ll go look for you.” 
Vivian figured there was a chance that she could convince Evelyn to donate her bone marrow to Rachel. No matter how slim the chances might be, she needed to try. 
She could not just sit and watch as Rachel slowly withered away day by day. She could never do that. 
After they decided on a time, Vivian ended the call. Meanwhile, Rachel was looking at her phone with a blank stare. 
It had been a long time since she talked to Evelyn. Rachel knew Evelyn did not like her as a mother because she was really shabby, unable to match Evelyn’s standards. Thus, she never tried to call Evelyn for fear of irritating her. 
Rachel figured that Evelyn already had a lot on her plate since she lost both her legs and was forced onto a wheelchair. Rachel did not want to give her any more unnecessary problems. This was all my fault. The child has nothing to do with it. 
“I’ll be leaving then. I’m meeting Evelyn.” Vivian raised her voice seeing that Rachel was still spacing out. 
Finally, Rachel snapped back into reality. “Alright. Go and see Evelyn. I won’t delay you any further.”
There were hints of envy in her voice, and it made Vivian perplexed. She could not tell whether she should feel upset or pity for Rachel. Or should I feel empathy? 
Vivian was also a mother now. She could understand how Rachel was feeling, how she longed to see her daughter. Nonetheless, her daughter was Evelyn Morrison. A cold-hearted woman whose evil knew no bounds. There was a high chance that she might never get to feel any intimacy from her own daughter. 
“You take care then. I’ll be leaving now.” Vivian stood up. 
“Sure. I’ll make the braised pork that you like the next time you come. The one that made you clean the plate.” 
The corner of Rachel’s eyes were wet as she said that. After all, Vivian was still like a daughter to her. She loved and raised her since young, so she was reluctant to see Vivian leave as well. 
That being said, Vivian seemed to be distancing herself from Rachel. This is karma I reckon. The Lord is punishing me for what I did and I have no one but myself to blame… 
At the same time, Vivian also felt the urge to cry. She was reminded of the time she used to stuff herself, telling Rachel how good they were with a smile. However, it was no more than a distant memory to her now. She could no longer feel the joy from back then. 
“Okay,” she choked up a bit. “Make it for me when you get discharged.” 
“Sure. You’ll have to eat a lot when the time comes.” Rachel was holding in her tears as she smiled. Will that day ever arrive? 
With that, Vivian turned around and left after giving Rachel a nod. Vivian did not want to say anything because she had a feeling she would cry if she did. She did not want Rachel to feel sad.
When Vivian left the ward, the tears she held in still made it’s way out of her tear duct and onto her cheeks. Deep down, she knew that her relationship with Rachel had come to an end. 
Vivian asked Sean to take her to the venue that Evelyn sent her after she exited the hospital. 
But when they arrived, Vivian was puzzled. Evelyn had invited her to an orphanage. 
Vivian was uncertain that she was at the designated location, so she gave Evelyn a call. Nevertheless, Evelyn told Vivian that she was waiting for her inside the orphanage and Vivian could go in straight away. 
Hearing that made Vivian hesitate at the door. She was worried that it was another trap that Evelyn had set up for her. Having said that, Rachel’s life was on the line, so she forced herself to brave the storm.
###Chapter 557
Chapter 557 
Vivian figured she just needed to be careful. 
And yet, as soon as she went in, the event happening before Vivian confused her. It made her doubt herself, thinking that she was hallucinating when she saw Evelyn happily playing with the children there. 
What’s she plotting this time? 
It felt bizarre to Vivian to see Evelyn’s smile amongst the smiles of innocent kids. 
What was happening at the moment contrasted Evelyn’s usual style very heavily, as Vivian would not be able to think that a devilish person like Evelyn, who could even order men to defile others, would have the decency to play with the little kids in an orphanage. 
“Vivian! You’re here!” Evelyn noticed Vivian and waved at her excitedly, gesturing for her to come closer. 
Vivian was on high alert even after she approached Evelyn. She was still trying to figure out what Evelyn was up to. 
“You came at the best time. I was having trouble trying to think of what to do here. Can you help me?” Evelyn tugged at Vivian’s hand with a smile, pointing towards the edge of the roof. 
“I brought a wind chime for the children, and they wanted to hang it over there. That way, they would hear it as soon as they came in. You know I’m in no shape to do this, so can you help me hang it up there?”
Vivian raised her head and saw that the roof was not that high up and that the ladder on the side looked firm and solid enough. Even though she had no idea what Evelyn was scheming, Vivian really did not want to disappoint the kids with their excited gaze. 
“Alright,” she said as she picked up the wind chime from the table and climbed up the ladder. She carefully hung the wind chime onto a beam under the roof while Evelyn looked at her. 
At that moment, Evelyn’s smile was gone, replaced with a cold and calculative expression. 
“Alright!” Vivian said as she bolted down the ladder to look at the wind chime. 
The blues and whites on it were complemented by the sky and looked exquisite. The sight of it seemed to have a soothing effect on people. 
“Woah! Kids, isn’t this lady here amazing? Let’s give her a round of applause!” 
The sweet voice Evelyn was using sent shivers down Vivian’s spine. She’s acting really suspicious today. I need to be extra vigilant. 
“You’re amazing, miss!” 
“That’s awesome!” 
“The wind chime looks really good!” 
The kids were all excitedly cheering and clapping for Vivian as she unknowingly formed a smile on her face. 
There was a saying that described kids as angels that were lost in the human realm, and at that moment in time, it made sense to Vivian. It actually felt like the gaze from their beady eyes could cleanse one’s soul.
All of a sudden, a four-year-old boy sat down and started crying. 
Evelyn was stumped for a brief moment before she hurried over to him in her wheelchair. 
“What’s wrong?” She picked the boy up and asked, making it seem like she was considerate. “Alright now. Don’t cry. Tell me, what happened?” 
Having said that, the boy was still crying a river. He would not say anything no matter what Evelyn did. 
Right then, a little girl stepped forward and admitted quietly, “I accidentally stepped on his foot just now. But I didn’t mean to do it. It was really just an accident… “ 
The girl started crying, assuming that the two pretty ladies were going to think that she was a bully and not like her. 
Evelyn was starting to panic inside since she never actually comforted a child before. She was at the orphanage just for show so that Vivian would let down her guard. 
The crying was slowly getting on Evelyn’s nerves. Why is this boy like this? It’s only a step on the feet! What’s there to cry for? And this girl! What is she crying for?
###Chapter 558
Chapter 558 
Oh lord! And the snot on their faces and clothes. Disgusting! Evelyn was regretting her decision to come to the orphanage. 
Nevertheless, she could not express any of those inner thoughts in front of Vivian. So, she had to keep up with the act. “Come on now. Don’t cry. Calm down… “ 
As a mother, Vivian’s natural instinct when the boy started crying was to head over and give him a hug, but she did not do that because she saw that Evelyn was already there. 
However, seeing the clear disgust and frustration on Evelyn’s face made her sneer. Evelyn did not even try to wipe their tears off as she was certainly distancing herself from them for fear that the dirt on them might get on to her. 
If you’re trying to put on a show, at least play the part seriously. Do you think I’m going to believe this sloppy acting of yours? Vivian still vividly remembered how Evelyn shouted for the robber to kill her on the cruise ship. 
At that moment, the children’s cry was getting out of control. Seeing that Evelyn was not taking any action, Vivian quickly approached the children and pulled them into her embrace, comforting them. Vivian was very experienced as she always comforted Larry. So, it was not long before the kids started smiling again. 
Kids were really keen on spotting who was nice and who was not. Hence, they all started sticking to Vivian after that and left Evelyn alone. 
Evelyn had to admit that Vivian looked dazzling when she was playing with the kid. She glowed with motherly love that attracted everyone towards her.
And it was because of that that made Evelyn’s hatred burn even brighter as she clenched her fist and gritted her teeth. I would have never expected her to become so mature and attractive after these five years. I wanted her to suffer, but it turns out I’m the only one suffering on this wheelchair, day in and day out. 
After having fun with the kids for a while, the kids were summoned away to attend their classes. So Vivian went and stood by Evelyn’s side. 
“Why did you ask me to come here today?” Vivian’s tone was vastly different from when she was playing with the children, cold and unrelenting. 
“Not much. I just wanted you to experience the happiness that these kids bring. I come here every week as a volunteer. You don’t know how cute these kids are.” 
Evelyn then made a shy expression and continued, “Finnick used to come here with me. You know, it’s very inconvenient for me to move around, so he did not want me to go out alone. But he’s busy today, so I gave you a call.” 
Vivian secretly sneered when she heard Evelyn. She realized that Evelyn was trying to establish dominance. 
“Since you can treat those kids you don’t know so lovingly, why can’t you do the same for your mother? How can you be so ruthless to your own family?” Vivian went straight to the point, stunning Evelyn for a short while. 
“What are you talking about, Vivian? I don’t quite understand.” 
“I remember telling you five years ago that Rachel Williams, your birth mother, has leukemia. She needed your bone marrow to save her life, but you actually never visited her?” Vivian was infuriated.
How could she ignore her mother to this extend? 
“I… I did visit her… “Evelyn was searching in her head, trying to find an excuse. But she stuttered because she could not find any. Her expression gradually darkened. 
Rachel again? That woman cost me my position in the Morrison family. Now she’s trying to spoil my plans? How could she do this to her own daughter? Does she hate me that much? 
Evelyn felt disgusted at the thought of Rachel smiling at her, trying to please her. She’s not my mother! My mother should be someone elegant and graceful. Someone beautiful. Not some housemaid that gets ordered around! 
In her mind, having a mother with a lowly status would only devalue her status. Evelyn was going crazy just from thinking about how noblemen would point fingers at her, talking about her being a maid’s daughter. Let alone experiencing it.
###Chapter 559
Chapter 559 
Truth be told, Rachel did contact Evelyn earlier on during those years, but Evelyn would always get flustered whenever she saw Rachel. To her, Rachel was a stain on her perfect life. Evelyn would be glad if Rachel died sooner and disappear from the world. That way, she would not have to worry about her true identity being exposed. 
Thus, there was no way she would ever help Rachel. Since if it were not for Rachel, Evelyn would still be living in the Morrison family. 
It’s all that hag’s fault! 
“Are you going to help your mother or not? Her body’s not going to last much longer.” Vivian asked, seeing that Evelyn was unable to piece a sentence together. 
You witch! Evelyn thought. What does any of this have to do with me? That old hag is your mother! Why are you asking me! 
Evelyn cursed at Vivian as she continued to think of a way to brush the topic aside. 
She was currently in no position to have a fallout with Vivian. She needed Vivian’s trust so that her plan could move forward. We’ll see if you can talk to me like this again when I finally get my hands on you. 
“Vivian, I wish I could do that. Even if she and I are unrelated, it’s still someone’s life at stake here.” Evelyn put up the most pitiable expression she could think of and forced out some tears. But… 
“But I have a weak body. I really can’t do anything about that.” Evelyn shifted her gaze towards her legs. “I’ve been looking for a suitable donor all these years. If I found one, I’d definitely make arrangements for the surgery immediately.”
“Weak body?” Vivian looked at Evelyn suspiciously. She had no idea whether what she said was true or not. 
“I know a specialist. Maybe I can ask him to run through some tests and see what’s wrong with you. I’ll give him a call. Let’s head to the hospital later.” 
Vivian took out her phone as soon as she finished. She figured it was easier to confirm Evelyn’s condition with some examinations than to guess blindly. 
“There’s no need for that!” Evelyn quickly snatched away Vivian’s phone. 
Realizing that her reaction was too over the top, Evelyn apologetically passed the phone back to Vivian. Then, she proceeded to put up a sad front. “I’ve been to many hospitals. They all said that my body condition is not suited for surgeries like that. Vivian, if I could, I would definitely help her. After all, she’s my… “ 
Evelyn paused. She refused the idea of calling that woman her mother even if she was pretending. 
“After all, she and I are related. I wouldn’t be so cruel as to leave her to die.” Evelyn continued with a flash of sinister in her eyes. 
Vivian immediately noticed that and understood Evelyn was most probably making up excuses. Nevertheless, forcing Evelyn to the hospital was out of the question. She could not just force her onto the operating table. 
“Even if your body’s weak. You should at least visit her often. Do you know how she’s doing right now?” 
Vivian’s voice started to choke up as images of Rachel’s frail figure flashed in her head.
She covered her mouth and pinched her nose, forcing the tears back as she tried to calm down. After that, she continued, “You know how much your mom missed you? Do you know how much she wanted to see you? How many times have you actually visited her all this time?” 
However, not only did Evelyn not feel guilt from Vivian’s questioning, she was getting agitated. 
At that point in time, she desperately wanted to scream and shout at Vivian. That old hag is not my mother! She’s yours! The two of you ruined my life! I hate both of you! You should all drop dead! 
Nevertheless, Evelyn held it in. “I understand. I go visit her within a few days,” she promised since she could not come up with a rebuttal.
###Chapter 560
Chapter 560 
Hearing that Evelyn promised to visit her mother, Vivian’s rage gradually subsided. “You better mean what you say.” 
She could not force Evelyn to donate her bone marrow, so the least she could do was make Rachel a little happier. Vivian figured that Evelyn’s voice was enough to bring Rachel so much joy in the hospital, so she would definitely be thrilled to see her daughter in person. This is the only thing I can do right now. 
“Don’t worry. I’ll definitely go,” Evelyn answered confidently. “I didn’t know how to get along with her back then, but I’ll visit her often from now on.” 
“Alright.” Vivian nodded with satisfaction. 
“Vivian, how’re things going with Hunter? He seems to really like you.” 
Setting aside the topic with Rachel, Evelyn proceeded to ask Vivian about how she and Hunter were doing. She was worried that Hunter might not be able to woo Vivian. 
“We’re doing okay.” Vivian gave her a side-eye stare and answered nonchalantly. 
Vivian knew that Hunter was under Evelyn’s orders to get close to her, but she did not want to expose her just yet. She had decided to go along with Evelyn’s plans and play dumb, so Evelyn would not suspect anything. That way, it would be easier for her to collect evidence. 
Vivian was determined to uncover evidence for the crime that Evelyn committed and pay her back. 
“Do you like him? Have you ever thought about dating him?” Evelyn looked forward to hearing Vivian’s answer. If Vivian fell in love with someone else, it doesn’t matter if Finnick still has feelings for her.
“He’s a good man.” Vivian did not give her a clear answer. 
“He is. You don’t know this, but he was really popular among the girls in school back then.” 
Evelyn smiled happily as she heard what she wanted to hear. It looks like my plan is going to work. Vivian is as dumb as always. 
“Really?” Vivian responded while looking for an excuse to leave. There was no more reason for her to stay there after she got the promise from Evelyn. 
“Of course! He was outstanding! He was the recipient of almost all the school’s awards. Girls would surround him no matter where he was.” 
She paused, realizing that she misspoken. “But! Even though a lot of girls liked him, he treated his relationship very seriously.” 
Meanwhile, Vivian snickered at Evelyn’s stern expression. 
I only know him for less than a month, and even I know he’s a playboy. I applaud your effort for trying to put in a good word for him. Hahaha. 
Evelyn mistook the meaning behind Vivian’s laughter and felt even more empowered. 
“There’s more! He’s a very thoughtful person! Everyone knew how he treated his girlfriend. We all predicted that he’d become a slave to his wife… “ 
The only thing Vivian did was sneer as she let Evelyn blow Hunter’s personality out of proportion. 
“Trust me, Vivian. He’s the best choice you could ever make.” Evelyn gave Vivian a conclusion as she could not come up with any more praises for Hunter.
“Okay, I understand,” Vivian responded noncommittally. “I have something else going on, so I’ll be leaving now.” Vivian had had enough of Evelyn at this point. 
Evelyn felt perplexed to see Vivian’s cold responses toward all the praises she had sung about Hunter. This made her unsure of whether Vivian had actually fallen for Hunter. She did say Hunter was a good man, right? Did I misunderstand? 
“Okay. You can go first. I’ll ask you out some other time.” Evelyn forced out a smile. 
“Bye.” Vivian also tried her best to form a smile before leaving. Before she reached the door, her phone suddenly rang.
###Chapter 561
Chapter 561 
She was slightly amused when she saw the numbers on her screen. It was someone that gave her a lot of headaches back then. What a coincidence? 
“How can I help you?” Vivian picked up after a moment of hesitation. 
“Where are you now?” It was a man’s voice. 
“I’m at an orphanage. What’s going on?” 
“Send me the location. You stay there and wait for me. I need to talk to you about something.” The man sounded really anxious. 
“Sure.” Vivian assumed that it was important since they agreed that they would not contact each other otherwise. 
As soon as the call ended, Vivian sent Hunter the address of the orphanage. 
“Vivian, who’s coming over to pick you up?” Evelyn asked because she noticed that Vivian was livelier after the call. 
“It’s Hunter. He had something to discuss with me.” 
“What a coincidence!” Evelyn was delighted to hear that Hunter was coming. “We just talked about him, and now he’s actually coming. Do you think he heard us? Or are you two connected telepathically?” 
Before that, Evelyn was still worried that Hunter and Vivian’s relationship was not progressing as well as she wanted, but now, she felt relieved. It looks like Hunter did not disappoint me. I knew it! A b*tch like Vivian could never be able to resist Hunter’s seduction considering she might not have met many
good men her whole life. She’s such a whore! How can she even be compared with me! What does Finnick see in her! 
Vivian felt offended when she heard Evelyn joking about her, but she could not show it. So she only smiled and said nothing. 
However, Evelyn thought that she was feeling embarrassed and got even more excited. “I told you he’s a thoughtful guy, right? He’s even coming here as soon as he found out you are here. A man like this is really hard to come by these days. Especially a handsome one.” 
She kept going. “You should really listen to me and get together with Hunter. If you don’t treasure a man like this, you’d definitely regret it.” 
As Vivian listened to Evelyn, she realized that Evelyn had incredible potential at being a matchmaker. I thought she only knew how to act pitiable. Who would have thought she had a knack for talking? 
“Vivian, do you agree with what I’m saying?” 
“Sure.” Vivian gave a simple response, but that was more than enough for Evelyn as it meant that Vivian did, in fact, had feelings for Hunter. 
Evelyn was overjoyed, thinking that her prey was slowly walking towards the trap that she prepared. That feeling of slaying a prey after it had fallen into the trap was ecstatic. 
She was certain that Vivian was getting closer and closer to her trap. The only thing she had to do now was to wait. 
On the other hand, Vivian was not gullible enough to think that Evelyn was happy for her. She assumed Evelyn was celebrating the progression of her plan.
You can laugh for now. But we’ll see who gets the last laugh. 
Evelyn continued to sing praises about Hunter while they waited, and Vivian kept brushing it aside with meaningless responses. From afar, they looked like two good friends chatting happily. 
Hunter was astonished when he arrived to that scene. He had assumed that Vivian was alone, so he was surprised to see Evelyn there as well. 
What’s going on here? Aren’t those two arch enemies? Why are they chatting like this? 
This made Hunter think of a scene where he and Finnick were laughing happily over drinks. It gave him goosebumps as he shook his head violently, trying to get that image out of his head. That’s terrifying… I don’t think I’d ever get along with Finnick.
###Chapter 562
Chapter 562 
Standing at the door and seeing everything unfold in front of him, Hunter felt amused. I mentioned Vivian in front of Evelyn before. I told her she was aloof and hard to pursue. What did Evelyn say the other day? 
He remembered Evelyn’s expression when she said, “That woman? There’s nothing to worry about. She’s so simple-minded that it is easy to trick her.” Evelyn was obviously giving him a contemptuous gaze when her words dripped with disdain. 
However, looking at how things are now, Vivian was the cat teasing the mouse instead of Evelyn. 
After he had his fill of popcorn and drama, he left his spectator seat and walked into the orphanage. 
Before he could greet both of them, Evelyn saw him and smiled. “You’re so fast to fetch the woman you love. I’ve never seen you so enthusiastic whenever you came to fetch me in the past.” 
Hunter replied jokingly, “Ms. Morrison, I’m wrongly accused! When did I not show up whenever you call for me?” 
“Alright. You have something to tell Vivian, right? I don’t want to disturb you guys, so I’ll take my leave.” Evelyn waved at Vivian and Hunter before turning her wheelchair as she headed toward the exit. 
“Why are you leaving the moment I just arrived?” Hunter joked and helped Evelyn to push her wheelchair. 
“Well, I don’t want to become the third wheel. You’re so heartless to say that, Hunter.” Evelyn chuckled before glancing at Vivian. “Finnick is still waiting at home to eat dinner with me. If I return late, he’ll starve.”
With that, Evelyn observed Vivian’s expression in secret. However, the latter was expressionless, as if she didn’t hear her words. 
Does this mean Vivian had fallen for Hunter, so Finnick doesn’t matter to her anymore? Evelyn should be happy with this outcome, but she felt a tinge of disappointment in her heart. 
After helping Evelyn into the car, Hunter looked at the car speeding away and bade farewell before walking to Vivian’s front. “Should we leave?” 
“Yeah.” Vivian remained expressionless as she nodded and followed Hunter into his car. 
“What do you wish to discuss?” She turned to Hunter after fastening her seatbelt. 
The man turned to look at her with a serious expression. “I wish to see you, so I called and came to fetch you.” 
“Are you joking?” Hearing his reply, fury flared in Vivian’s eyes. 
Hunter could only smile bitterly. If I don’t put it this way, you won’t let me fetch you. 
The woman looked outside the car window to calm her growing rage from within. How absurd is that reason! I tried so hard to make Sean leave. 
Soon after, the woman turned to look at Hunter and announced, “I’ve told you before. We can’t be, so stop wasting your time on me.” 
“Only I know if I’m wasting my time. To me, this is worth it.” Hunter wore a stern expression. 
Back then, he only approached Vivian because of Evelyn’s request. However, the woman piqued his interest once he got to know her, and he wanted to get closer to her. Later on, the incident on the cruise ship changed his impression of Vivian completely.
He had many female friends, but they only approached him because of his wealth or looks. There was none that would volunteer to save his life if he was in danger, except Vivian. 
And of course, he dated those women because of their looks. As for feeling connected with their souls, who still cared for such a thing in this day and age? They were not kids anymore. 
That day, Vivian said, “Let Finnick go. If you want revenge, come at me!” Hearing the woman’s brave words, Hunter was mindblown and his heart started throbbing. That was the first time he found out such an intense love existed.
###Chapter 563
Chapter 563 
Hunter was always envied by other men because of the number of female friends he had. However, the moment he heard Vivian’s words on the cruise ship, he finally knew how it felt to be jealous. That’s right. He was jealous of Finnick for having a woman who was willing to die for him. 
“You’re wasting my time. I have other matters to attend to, so I don’t have time to fool around with you.” Unaware of Hunter’s thoughts, Vivian was ruthless with her words. 
The man felt an excruciating pain in his heart when he heard the woman’s harsh words. So this is what heartbreak feels like. It seems spending time with me is a waste of her time. 
He took in a deep breath and apologized sincerely, “Vivian, I’m sorry for helping Evelyn to pick on you. Please forgive me.” 
“What do you mean?” Seeing how Hunter was sincere in his apology out of the blue, Vivian froze. 
“I won’t do that again. Can we become… Friends?” Hunter was nervous as he looked at her. Will she forgive me? 
He was anxious, as he didn’t have any confidence if the woman would forgive him. 
Digesting his words repeatedly, Vivian wasn’t sure if she should believe him. What if this is also one of Evelyn’s new tricks? 
“Alright.” The woman nodded in the end. Perhaps she was moved by Hunter’s sincerity. Or maybe she chose to trust in the good of humanity. 
However, she couldn’t trust him fully, so she didn’t completely lower her guard.
Meanwhile, Finnick was handling the paperwork in his office, but his mind was in a complete mess as he couldn’t focus on his work. The image of Vivian and Hunter leaving side by side lingered in his mind. 
Given how low his productivity was, he closed the files and leaned against the office chair while shutting his eyes to relax. 
Ever since that time on the cruise ship, he didn’t meet Vivian and Hunter, but their figures kept on appearing in his mind. It was as if they were always by his side, be it at home, in the office, at the dining table, in the meeting room, in his dreams, and whatnot. 
The sight of them together continued to show up in front of him. Even though he knew they were all illusions, he could feel pain in his heart. 
They ate at the same table, and Hunter wiped her lips. There was some secret between them which I was oblivious to. Also, she behaved coldly toward me. Will they be more intimate when no one was around? 
These thoughts made Finnick feel like he was on the brink of insanity. He dared not imagine their interactions, as he was scared they might become real. He was afraid of losing her to another man. All this would be too much for him to bear. 
Opening his eyes, Finnick took in a few deep breaths to flush away those images in his mind. 
No. I’ll have to know if they are just friends or a couple. If they are indeed couples, which step are they at? I must know. If I kept on guessing around, I’ll lose my mind one day. 
Knock knock knock! Suddenly, someone was knocking on the door. 
Sitting upright in his seat, Finnick flipped the files open.
“Come in.” He sounded calm like the man he was as if the fragile man suffering over heartbreak just now never existed. 
The door was pushed open, and Noah walked into the office. 
Stopping in his tracks, he informed, “Mr. Norton, Mr. Long of the Fortune Group agreed to give another two percent of profit to us, but under one condition: the Finnor Group will cover for the warranty of the products.” 
A few days ago, Noah was sent overseas for work. Given how diligent he was, he rushed to the company to report to Finnick about the negotiation results once he got off the plane. 
“Alright. Good work.” Finnick smiled faintly. Soon after, his smile disappeared and his expression turned cold as usual.
###Chapter 564
Chapter 564 
Looking at Noah, Finnick said, “There’s one thing I would like you to look into.” 
Noah replied, “What do you need, Mr. Norton?” 
“Vivian’s back. Look into her relationship with a man called Hunter Yates and report back to me as soon as possible.” Finnick clenched his fists when he was saying his words. 
It never crossed his mind that he would have to investigate the relationship between his wife and another man. 
Although they were divorced, he still thought of Vivian as his wife, and no other man could mess with her. 
“Mrs. Norton’s back?” Noah was shocked, as he never expected Vivian to come back. 
Recalling the time he forced an abortion onto Vivian, he started sweating profusely. Drops of sweat were dripping down from his forehead toward his cheeks. 
Did they find out about this? 
Seeing Noah’s reaction, Finnick frowned in confusion. “What’s wrong with you?” 
“Nothing.” Overwhelmed by guilt, Noah wiped off his sweat with the back of his hand. “I was just shocked when I heard Mrs. Norton’s back. When did she return? Have you guys… met?” 
If they did, will Mrs. Norton speak to Mr. Norton about the abortion? Does Mr. Norton know about that incident? If he does, what should I do? How do I explain it to him?
I had no choice but to obey Evelyn because my parents were held hostage by her. But if I tell the truth, will Mr. Norton forgive me? Will Mrs. Norton forgive me? 
Worry and fear began piling up in Noah’s heart when he thought about it. However, he felt relieved after a different thought came to mind. It seems Mr. Norton didn’t know about it yet. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be so calm. But how long can I conceal this from him? 
“We met some time ago.” Finnick never doubted Noah’s loyalty. “Rest first before you proceed with the investigation. Also, she’s called Vivian Morrison now. Don’t mess up the names.” With that, Finnick continued reading through the documents. 
“Understood. I’ll get on with it.” After responding to his boss’ orders, Noah turned around and left the office. 
His steps were wobbly, but Finnick didn’t notice as he was focused on his work. 
Exiting the president’s office in a daze, Noah felt his legs gave away. All he could think of was how he should explain the incident to Finnick and Vivian and beg for their forgiveness. 
In fact, he was suffering from guilt all these years. It had been five years. However, whenever he saw children, the image of Vivian pleading to spare her unborn baby would always surface in his mind, while guilt would come raining down on him and fill his heart with remorse. 
Noah had witnessed Finnick’s longing and tolerance for Vivian all these years. There were times he wanted to tell Finnick the truth so badly. This was so that the latter could see Evelyn’s true colors and get back together with Vivian. 
However, he chickened out every time, as he had his worries.
“Noah!” Noah’s train of thoughts was disrupted by an ear-piercing yell. Glancing back, he saw Evelyn wheeling toward him. 
Disgust settled itself deep in his heart, and he wanted to leave that place as soon as possible. He had been evading Evelyn all these years because he didn’t wish to see her. 
Every time he saw her bringing up her leg injury to convince Finnick into agreeing with her unreasonable requests, he wanted to disclose everything she did so badly. 
“Stop right there, Noah!” Evelyn turned her wheelchair quickly and blocked his path. “What’s wrong with you? Why do you seem so out of it? And you even dare to turn your back on me? Do you want to get fired?” 
Listening to her threats, Noah felt like laughing. She thinks she can order Mr. Norton around? She had overestimated herself. 
After snapping at Noah, Evelyn felt better. “Come with me. I have something to discuss.”
###Chapter 565
Chapter 565 
“What do you want?” Noah immediately tensed up with wary in his eyes. This evil woman must be up to no good seeing how she came to find me. 
“Why are you so worked up? Let’s go somewhere quiet and have a talk.” Evelyn frowned, as she was displeased with his reaction. 
Noah hesitated to do as she said. Evelyn must be here to ask for my assistance in her schemes. I mustn’t help her with her evil deeds anymore. 
Seeing the man standing still in the same place, Evelyn glanced back and snickered. “Why? Do you want me to tell Finnick about what you did that year? You betrayed him and caused his wife to leave him.” 
“You promised you won’t bring up this matter!” Burning rage surged within Noah, and he growled out of frustration. How dare you threaten me with that incident? Despicable woman! You know why I did it. 
“Really? I don’t remember promising you this.” Evelyn shrugged and smirked. 
“Evelyn!” Noah was so enraged that he choked on his words. 
“Hurry and find a place so we can talk. Otherwise, I can’t guarantee that incident will stay a secret.” Evelyn folded her arms with a smug on her face. 
That incident was Noah’s Achilles heel. Now that Evelyn had him trapped in her palm, he could only agree to her demands and took her to an empty and slightly isolated meeting room. 
“Speak. Why are you looking for me?” Noah asked impatiently as he was annoyed.
Evelyn ignored his rude attitude, as all she cared about was to destroy Vivian completely. 
“Vivian’s back. Do you know about this?” Evelyn gritted her teeth when she spoke of the woman she hated to death. Argh! Thinking about that b*tch just makes me angry. 
“You know about it too?” Hearing Vivian’s name coming out of her mouth, Noah began panicking and turned to her. 
Evelyn glanced at him from the side of her eyes and snorted, “There’s nothing wrong with that. If I don’t know, do you plan to hide this from me?” 
Noah didn’t have the effort to argue with her. “What should we do now? Mr. Norton will find out about what you did in no time.” 
“Can you not be so timid? What are you so afraid of?” Evelyn glanced at the man fidgeting and rolled her eyes. 
Why did I include someone as timid as him in my plan? 
Glaring at the man, she threatened, “Plus, what do you mean by what I did? Don’t forget you have a part in this, so don’t try to push everything onto me. Otherwise, I’ll reveal what you did if Finnick found out about the incident five years ago.” 
Noah snapped, “Is it time to argue about this?” How preposterous! We’re in a crisis now, but she’s still thinking of threatening me. 
Slamming the table, he continued, “If you have the time to argue with me, why not think of some solutions to get us out of this mess? We’ll be doomed once Mr. Norton finds out about it.”
“Why are you so fierce?” Evelyn was never one to back down. “I’m here to discuss this, not to fight with you.” 
“Then what should we do?” Taking in a deep breath, Noah closed his eyes and suppressed the anger in his heart. What’s important now is to come up with a solution. 
Seeing how Noah had taken a step back, Evelyn calmed down, and they went straight to the point. 
She gestured the number one with her finger as she gazed at the man standing in front of her. “I’ve given it some thought. There’s one way to conceal it forever.” 
“That is?” Noah was anxious. 
Evelyn’s eyes gleamed with viciousness as she smirked. “Make sure Vivian will never get back together with Finnick. We’ll have to make it so that she doesn’t have the chance to talk to him. As long as Vivian doesn’t tell, that incident will remain a secret.” 
It’ll be better if she just dies. Then I can live the rest of my life with no worries and be happy with Finnick. This was what Evelyn truly wanted, but she didn’t express her intent to kill Vivian directly. 
Hearing her vicious tone, Noah felt flustered. How is she so relentless? How much more suffering does she want to inflict upon Mrs. Norton?
###Chapter 566
Chapter 566 
After pondering for a while, Noah agreed with the solution Evelyn proposed. As long as Mr. Norton and Mrs. Norton never meet again, they will never clear up the misunderstanding between them. It’s great that no one will find about that incident, but… 
Thinking about Finnick suffering from his longing for Vivian, Noah wanted to punch himself in the face. I betrayed Mr. Norton before to ensure my parents’ safety. Now that I’ll have to cover up the mistakes I made, am I going to betray him again? 
Finnick trusted Noah completely and hid nothing from the latter. With these thoughts in mind, Noah felt his conscience pricking at him. I’ll have to pay for my sins one day. 
Also, Mrs. Norton believed me, so she never suspected anything from that incident. 
And this is how I repay their trust for me? 
Lowering his head, guilt was written all over Noah’s face. Evelyn could tell what he was thinking. He must feel sorry for them. 
She let out a sneer in her heart. Eagles don’t catch flies. What can he achieve being so indecisive? No wonder he’s still an assistant after so many years. 
“What do you think?” Evelyn snickered while trying to stop him from backing out. “Noah, do you think Finnick will spare your life if he found out about it?” 
She paused for a moment and looked at the man’s tensed expression. Smirking, she continued, “You’ve been working for him for so many years. I bet you know the consequences. Not only will you lose your job, but you’ll also be blacklisted by the entire finance industry. Think about your parents. Do you want them to suffer with you?”
Noah gripped his fists tightly as he admitted Evelyn’s words had indeed hit the nail on the head. She had exposed every single worry I had buried deep in my heart. 
That’s right. I don’t care whatever happens to me, but I can’t let my parents suffer. 
“What are you trying to do to Mrs. Norton?” Noah glared at her with hostility. 
Although Noah was worried about his parents, he couldn’t get himself to help Evelyn with heinous deeds. If she went overboard, he wouldn’t agree to help her. 
Suddenly, the woman snapped, “She’s not Mrs. Norton! They were divorced, so you’re not allowed to address her that way!” 
It had been five years. Why can’t I replace Vivian’s position in Finnick’s heart? Even Noah thought of her as Mrs. Norton. This title belongs to me! 
Evelyn smiled viciously, as hatred filled her eyes. “I don’t care if you’re one of the Williams or Morrisons, Vivian. This time, you won’t be able to escape.” 
In the meantime, Vivian was annoyed recently, and it was all because of Hunter. 
Didn’t he say he’ll stop assisting Evelyn? Not only did he call me over and over again, he invited me out frequently. 
The reasons he gave were of all sorts: Today, his friend opens a new restaurant and gives him a voucher; tomorrow, he asks me to help him pick out a present for his mother’s birthday; the day after tomorrow, he asks me to become his partner for a gathering… 
What a joke! He has tons of women to choose from.
Slowly, Vivian felt something was wrong. Did I give him some wrong signals? Maybe he misunderstood there was something between us. 
Later on, Vivian was firm in rejecting Hunter’s invitations, as she felt nothing toward him, so she wanted to put a line between them. However, the man never stopped calling. 
Buzz! Buzz! 
Hearing the vibration of her phone, Vivian turned her head impatiently with a frown on her face, reluctant to spare it any attention.
###Chapter 567
Chapter 567 
Buzz… Buzz… Buzz… 
Silent ensued for a while before the phone started to vibrate again. 
Are you done? Vivian grabbed her phone and roared, “Didn’t I tell you I don’t have time for this? Can’t you understand human language? I said no, and no means no!” 
“What’s wrong? Why are you so angry? I haven’t even said anything.” A familiar woman’s voice sounded from the phone, and this shocked Vivian. 
Never did she think the one that called wasn’t Hunter but her best friend Peggy instead. 
“I’m sorry, Peggy. I’m really sorry.” Vivian apologized hurriedly and explained, “I didn’t know it was you. I thought it was… I’m sorry.” 
“Alright. I know you, so don’t worry.” Peggy chuckled and teased, “Who is the idiot that made you so angry?” 
Vivian grumbled, “An annoying person. Let’s not talk about him. Is there something you need from me?” 
Peggy explained, “Do you remember the journalist club we joined during college? The members are organizing a gathering. Do you have time?” 
“Ah. I see, but I…” Vivian was conflicted. 
When she was in college, she got along well with the club members initially. However, everyone started talking behind her back when Ashley framed her for working at a nightclub. The matter got worse when
they boycotted her, and she quitted the club as she couldn’t endure the judgmental looks from the club members. 
It was until now she still remembered the scoffs and mockery she suffered from her fellow schoolmates. The pain was carved into her heart. 
With those painful memories in her mind, Vivian smiled bitterly. “Peggy, you know I don’t get along with them. I don’t feel like meeting them, so I’ll pass.” 
Peggy tried to convince her into joining the gathering. “Oh, it’s okay. They found out about the truth and wanted to apologize to you. Come. Just do it for my sake. We haven’t seen each other for such a long time! Don’t you miss me?” 
Being her friend for so many years, Vivian couldn’t reject her after hearing her whine. “Alright. I’ll go, but you must stay by my side. Otherwise, it’ll be awkward.” 
Peggy’s delighted voice sounded from the phone. “No problem! I promise I’ll never leave your side.” 
The image of Peggy’s cheeky expression surfaced in Vivian’s mind, and this made her smile. 
After confirming the time and venue of the gathering, the women chatted away. Their conversation was endless as they had many topics to talk about, from Vivian’s experience of her life overseas to having children, to exchanging experiences between mothers. It went on for over two hours before they hung up reluctantly. 
On the next day, Vivian arrived at the venue on time. The gathering was held at the Wonderlake Hotel located beside her college. 
She called Peggy when she reached the hotel lobby. Soon, a woman in a red dress came downstairs.
When she saw Vivian, she was stunned for a while before giving Vivian a bear hug. “Vivian, I miss you so much!” 
Vivian teared up and hugged her back tightly. 
With tears in her eyes, Peggy let go of Vivian and smiled. “They said the food in A Nation is unhealthy, but you look so beautiful that I almost couldn’t recognize you. Did you lie to me? Did you go to Koandria instead?” 
Pfft! Vivian couldn’t help but burst into laughter from Peggy’s words. Wiping her tears, she urged, “Alright. Let’s go upstairs now. Everyone’s waiting for us.” 
“Sure.” Peggy nodded and dragged her to a private room upstairs. 
Once Vivian stepped into the room, all eyes were on her. 
Everyone was staring at her in awe and disbelief. Who is this beauty exuding a glamorous and noble aura? She was nothing more than a woman with delicate figures in the past!
###Chapter 568
Chapter 568 
“What’s wrong? Have you all turn mute after seeing beautiful women?” Seeing the shock in everyone’s eyes, pride swelled in Peggy’s heart. 
However, she knew Vivian was uncomfortable with the stares, so she hurriedly cooked up a joke to divert their attention. 
When they heard Peggy’s words, they came back to their senses and greeted Vivian happily. 
“Vivian, you’ve become such a beauty after these years.” 
“That’s right. You got me shocked just now. I almost couldn’t recognize you. It seems like puberty did you well.” 
“Vivian, I heard you are the heiress of the Morrison Group. What splendid news! Please give us support in the future.” 
“Of course. Vivian always remembers her friends.” 
Vivian had become more tactful over the years, so she could interact with them just well. At the same time, everyone’s impression of her changed. 
However, some women disliked her. They hid in a corner and gave her scornful looks. “She’s just lucky. How dare she act all high and mighty!” 
Someone chimed in softly, “Yeah. It’s so obvious that she’s trying to look good in front of us. Everyone knows what she did in the past.”
Although there were some hostile comments toward Vivian, the atmosphere in the private room was lively while Vivian behaved modestly. 
However, she faltered when a man showed up. 
“Oh? Fabian! I never expect you to come. Long time no see!” 
Raising her head, Vivian saw a familiar yet strange face and was stunned. 
Ever since she returned from overseas, this was the first time she met Fabian, and her emotions were in a complete mess. 
The man’s features never changed, but he seemed much more mature as compared to the man he was five years ago. Wearing a navy suit, his upright figure looked even slender while he gave off an imposing aura, overwhelming others with his presence. 
When Vivian saw Fabian, their memories of the past overwhelmed her. 
She saw Fabian and herself from five years ago smiling happily at her. It was as if they were in the simplest and most beautiful relationship. 
Then she thought of Fabian’s dilemma. However, everything ended along with Ashley’s death. 
Is this the magic of time? It kept our identities unchanged but changes us from within. At least that’s the case for us. 
Now that she thought about the past, she could face it with a smile. 
The moment Fabian stepped into the room, he caught sight of Vivian. Awe flashed across his eyes and was soon replaced by his longing for the woman.
He couldn’t even keep track of the times he dreamt of her. When he woke up from his dreams, her figure was still imprinted in his mind, be it during their school days or when they started working. 
Realization soon dawned on him. She’s not by my side and she doesn’t belong to me anymore. 
He didn’t dare to ask for more than just seeing her. 
It had been five years. After such a long time, she finally stood in front of him. It was no longer just illusions and this time, she wouldn’t fade away. 
Fabian wanted to go to Vivian so badly that his heart pounded furiously against his chest, as if it was excited to see its owner reunite with her. 
To his dismay, other schoolmates surrounded him and blocked his view. Due to etiquette, he could only exchange customary pleasantries with them to avoid being rude while he himself didn’t know what he was saying. 
It was as if his body and soul were separated. He appeared talking to his schoolmates, but his soul had flown to Vivian’s front, looking at the woman he had longed for.
###Chapter 569
Chapter 569 
He was aching to go over and ask her how she’d been these past few years and whether she was doing well. 
After finishing up the business he had here, Fabian quickly walked over to give his heart what it wanted. 
Vivian felt a little panicked at the sight of Fabian approaching. After all, she hadn’t prepared herself to meet him. Her eyes betrayed her uneasiness, but she chose to stand still. 
It was going to happen sooner or later anyway. 
Vivian was no longer the same weak girl from before. She was going to learn how to face her hardships. 
“Long time no see,” Fabian said softly as he looked into Vivian’s eyes. His voice was pressed low as if he were terrified that speaking any louder might scare her off. 
His heart had been racing at a mile a minute before, but it miraculously calmed down in front of her. He said those four words with ease as if they had only seen each other yesterday. 
“Long time no see,” Vivian echoed with a faint smile. “How have you been?” 
“What about you?” Fabian deflected, his eyes betraying his concern. 
“I’m doing well. There’s a roof over my head and food on my plate, so I’m practically on cloud 9.” The atmosphere between them seemed to be relaxed, so Vivian felt comfortable enough to make a joke.
“Is that so?” Fabian forced a bitter smile. He wasn’t sure if he was supposed to feel happy or sad about that. “That’s good.” 
He decided to keep his own thoughts to himself. After all, there was no need to guilt trip her about his own issues. 
“Thanks,” Vivian murmured with a nod. The conversation faded off since she didn’t know how to continue. Fabian wasn’t like those other classmates. She couldn’t exactly make small talk with him like she could with the others. 
Fabian didn’t seem to be trying to continue the conversation either, so the two of them fell into silence. Luckily, once Fabian came to his senses, he finally broke the awkward silence. 
“Should we go outside?” Fabian suggested. “It’s pretty noisy in here. I wanna go take a look around the school since it’s been awhile. I wonder if they made any changes.” 
“I-” Vivian hesitated. After all, she and Fabian used to date. Going out alone with him was probably not a good idea. There were so many people here that rumors might start flying around. 
“Aren’t we still friends?” Fabian said casually, managing to get rid of Vivian’s worries. 
“Alright. Give me a second, I’ll let Peggy know.” 
Vivian walked toward Peggy, who suddenly picked up Vivian’s hand in concern and shook her head subtly. 
“I’ll be fine. I’ll be back soon,” Vivian consoled Peggy, patting her hand softly. 
Vivian was so adamant that Peggy could only let her go.
She wasn’t exactly worried about Vivian’s safety. She knew Fabian wasn’t that kind of guy. However, everyone at the gathering knew about her and Fabian’s previous relationship. Who knew what they would start talking about if they saw the two of them going off alone. 
As expected, after the two of them left, the surroundings started filling up with chatter. 
“Isn’t Vivian married? Why’s she still heading off with her ex-boyfriend all alone? Could she be thinking of having an affair?” 
“That’s old news. She got a divorce five years ago. Rather than having an affair, I think she’s relighting an old flame.” 
“Fabian is still a bachelor right? Why would he be going after a once-married woman?” 
“Enough! They’re just going out as friends. What’s with all the judgment? Also, is there a problem with being divorced or something? It’s not a crime!” Peggy finally said loudly, unable to bear the gossip everyone was spreading. 
The gossips who had been clamoring around immediately shut up with reddening faces. They shot a glare at Peggy, but a sharp glare from her put them in their places. 
Outside, Vivian and Fabian had reached the school field. The two of them felt a little nostalgic at the sight of their old hangout.
###Chapter 570
Chapter 570 
“Do you remember this place? Last time when we came here for P.E, there was a girl who confessed to her crush here.” 
Fabian started laughing halfway through telling the story. That had really been a legendary story back then. 
Vivian giggled at the memory. “How could I forget? That girl was all dressed up in a wedding dress too, but she got so nervous after confessing that she didn’t realize that her skirt was lit on fire from the candles around her. I even remember how the guy reacted, too…” 
The two of them looked at each other and laughed, trailing off. 
After a moment of silence, Fabian suddenly asked, “Vivian, are you still in touch with Finnick?” 
Vivian’s expression immediately darkened at the sound of Finnick’s name and her voice dropped a few degrees. “Not for a long time. Why are you asking?” 
“I just couldn’t figure out why you two would break up. Could you tell me what happened?” 
“Why do you want to know?” Vivian moved away slightly, starting to look much more cautious. Did Fabian ask me out alone for a different reason? 
Also, why did he even start wondering about that stuff in the first place? Could he have known about Larry? He may not be on good terms with Finnick, but he is from the Norton family after all. Could it be… 
She couldn’t help but start to worry. She wasn’t sensitive per se, but she automatically got worried whenever Larry was involved.
Fabian felt hurt at the sight of Vivian’s sudden caution. So we can’t even trust each other anymore? He simply asked because he was curious, but she had reacted so strongly. How ironic is this! 
“Vivian, do you have no trust in me anymore? Am I just some manipulative, sly jerk to you?” Fabian said in a low, disappointed voice. 
Vivian’s gaze immediately became apologetic at the sound of Fabian’s distress. He’s right. He was just asking out of concern since we haven’t met in such a long time. Why did I react so strongly? He’s not going to try and harm me like Evelyn did. 
“That’s not what I meant. I just wanted to know why you asked me about Finnick. I wasn’t suspecting you- I mean-” 
The more Vivian tried to explain herself, the worse it sounded. She decided to just apologize. “I’m sorry, Fabian. I shouldn’t have reacted like that. I just-” 
I just don’t want to be hurt again. Evelyn had set up so many traps for her and watched as Vivian fell into each one. It had taken forever for her to finally learn her lesson. Even though she was now more alert, it came with a large dose of paranoia. 
Fabian relaxed at the sight of Vivian’s apologetic gaze. At the same time, he was thinking, She’s right to be cautious. If she wasn’t at least a little paranoid, who knows what she might have gone through all those years of being on her own. 
“It’s alright,” Fabian said with a comforting glance at Vivian. “Relax. I no longer have any hope of us getting back together, so don’t worry about me plotting to ruin your relationship with Finnick either. In fact, I’d rather the two of you be happy together forever.”
At first, he had been under the impression that Finnick and Vivian weren’t dating out of love. That was why he tried time and time again to win Vivian back. He had seen how much Finnick was willing to do for Vivian five years ago and knew he was really in love with her. 
Perhaps Finnick was the only one who could make her happy as her one true love. Since that was the case, he was more than willing to wish them well. As long as Vivian is happy. 
Vivian lowered her head at the sound of Fabian’s words. She only spoke again after a long time in a low, discouraged tone. “Things aren’t going to get better for us anymore.” 
“Why?” Fabian couldn’t understand why Vivian sounded so hopeless. “What exactly happened that year? How could you two just leave each other like that?”
###Chapter 571
Chapter 571 
As she sat in her familiar surroundings with her ex-lover expressing his concern about her, Vivian started to feel like she had returned to her college days when Fabian used to be her confidant. 
The memories seemed to affect Vivian more than she thought as she suddenly felt the unfamiliar urge of wanting to rely on someone. 
“I got pregnant five years ago but Finnick suspected that the child didn’t belong to him. He forced me to get an abortion, but I didn’t want to. He sent people after me.” 
Vivian told Fabian about how Finnick had sent people after her and forced her to get an abortion. Relieving old memories brought on the same pain she had felt all those years ago, causing her to tear up. 
Fabian couldn’t help but frown at the sound of Vivian’s sorrow. He knew he was at risk of making Vivian feel worse, but he couldn’t help but ask, “Why did Finnick think the baby wasn’t his?” 
Vivian remembered that Mark was involved in her kidnapping as well, so Vivian cut things short. “Evelyn kidnapped me and even tried to get someone to rape me, but Benedict arrived just in time and saved me from that. I don’t know what she said to Finnick, but he ended up believing that the child wasn’t his and refused to let me keep it.” 
“That doesn’t mean he should force you to get an abortion. He went too far!” Fabian said angrily. Why did Vivian have to face something like that? She didn’t even do anything wrong! 
Vivian felt even more detached from Finnick at the sound of Fabian’s rage on her behalf. Even Fabian could understand how she felt, how could Finnick, of all people have done that to her? She still couldn’t forgive him.
“W-what happened to the kid?” Fabian asked carefully, afraid of adding salt to Vivian’s wounds. 
“Well…” Vivian hesitated. She decided not to tell Fabian the truth. The less people who knew about Larry, the better. 
“Benedict rushed me to the hospital in time so I didn’t suffer too much, but there was no way we could keep the baby after something like that.” 
Vivian choked up slightly. She may have been lying about what happened, but her sorrow was in no way a farce. 
“I’m sorry, Vivian, I didn’t mean to make you cry,” Fabian said tenderly at the sight of Vivian’s tears. 
He wanted to help her dry her tears, but he was afraid that Vivian would think he was crossing his boundaries so he remained unmoving. 
“It’s alright. It had nothing to do with you.” Vivian dried her tears with the back of her hand and tried her best to give him a smile. 
At the sight of Vivian’s pained smile, Fabian started wishing she would just cry it out instead. 
All he felt in the moment was his heart aching for Vivian. He had no idea what he could say to take her pain away. He settled on patting her on the shoulder softly, hoping it could give her some comfort. 
The more he thought about what Vivian had told him, the weirder Fabian felt about everything. 
He looked at Vivian who seemed to have calmed herself down. “Vivian, do you really think things are that simple?” 
Fabian had never been on good terms with Finnick, but he knew his own nephew well enough. While Finnick could be quite an arrogant elitist, he wasn’t a bad person. Forcing someone to get an abortion
didn’t sound like the kind of thing that he would do. 
At the same time, he was a man after all. He more-or-less knew how forgiving another man could be for the woman he loved. 
When Vivian got kidnapped by Ashley, Finnick had been willing to put his life on the line to save her. That clearly showed how important Vivian was to Finnick. 
Why would Finnick force Vivian to get an abortion if that was the case? Besides, even if he didn’t look that closely at everything, he still felt like there was something off about what had happened.
###Chapter 572
Chapter 572 
Vivian was surprised by what Fabian said. “What do you mean?” 
Mark was Fabian’s father after all. Could it be he knew something I don’t? 
“I’m not exactly sure, but I do know that Finnick isn’t someone who would do that,” Fabian said seriously. “Besides, think about it. Evelyn purposely took that video at the café to frame you. Could it be that Evelyn is secretly pulling some tricks so you and Finnick would misunderstand each other?” 
He wasn’t exactly willing to speak up for Finnick, but since he had completely given up on getting together with Vivian again, he’d prefer for her to be happy rather than hold a grudge forever. 
Vivian lowered her head as she thought about what Fabian said. Could it be that everything truly is Evelyn’s doing and that it has nothing to do with Finnick after all? 
“Vivian, have you talked to Finnick about this after coming back? There might really be a misunderstanding going on here,” Fabian asked. 
Vivian started doubting the situation even more after Fabian’s speculations. 
After returning to the country, she couldn’t remember properly having a conversation with Finnick about what happened that year. Every time he tried to talk about it with her, she couldn’t hold her anger back and they never ended on good terms. She had never properly listened to what he had to say. 
Could it really be because of Evelyn? Now that she thought about it, she had been assuming that everything was Finnick’s fault all along. She had never properly asked him about it. 
But Noah had been the one who dragged her to get the abortion. If Finnick wasn’t behind it, then why would Noah do something like that? Noah was Finnick’s right-hand man after all. She could imagine
anyone but Noah betraying Finnick. 
She felt more confused than ever. Vivian was starting to get a headache. What exactly happened that year? It seemed like she would really have to talk things out with Finnick after all. If it was really nothing more than just a huge misunderstanding, she couldn’t bear to imagine what she had missed out on all these years. 
“I got it. I’ll find time to talk to him. Thank you, Fabian,” Vivian thanked Fabian sincerely. She could tell that Fabian was different from Mark. He actually cared for Vivian’s wellbeing and was genuinely looking out for her. 
“There’s no need to thank me,” Fabian said with a smile. Suddenly, his smile disappeared and was replaced by a solemn look. “Vivian, there’s something that I think I should let you know.” 
“What is it?” Vivian asked in surprise. Is there something I actually don’t know about? 
Fabian thought it over and weighed the pros and cons of telling her. It had to do with his own father after all, but Vivian had all the right to know. 
He gritted his teeth before saying, “Five years ago, just before you left the country, I caught my dad on a call with someone. It seemed suspicious and he brought up your name too. I wasn’t paying attention, so I didn’t think of telling you. Now that I thought about it, it does match up with the time that your situation took place. Could my father be in cahoots with Evelyn and tried to destroy your relationship with Finnick?” 
He wasn’t willing to think of his father that way. Mark was his father, but that was also the reason why Fabian knew him better than anyone.
Mark was completely capable of doing something like that. He had worked together with Ashley to hurt Vivian before, so it wasn’t impossible for him to work together with Evelyn this time. 
Vivian’s expression darkened at Fabian’s speculations and she stayed silent. 
She didn’t doubt him of course. Since Mark could work with Evelyn to kidnap her, it was highly likely that he was willing to do other things to hurt her. She just couldn’t understand why they wanted to hurt her so badly. She had never even done anything wrong to them. 
“Vivian, if this really has something to do with my father, I’d like to apologize on his behalf. I’m sorry for what he did,” Fabian said, extremely embarrassed.
###Chapter 573
Chapter 573 
Vivian cut him off before he could finish. “Fabian, you don’t have to apologize. It’s not your fault. Your dad and you are two separate entities. Our friendship has nothing to do with all that. Also, I want to thank you for telling me all this.” 
Vivian looked at him in gratitude. Fabian must genuinely care about her for him to willingly spill all this dirt about his own father. 
“Fabian, if I remember correctly, you’ve never been on the best terms with Finnick. Why are you suddenly helping him?” Vivian asked curiously. 
“I’m not helping him, I’m trying to help you,” Fabian said sincerely. “I just want you to be happy.” 
That was enough to touch Vivian’s heart. She knew there was no way anything would happen between her and Fabian again, but she was glad she hadn’t given her heart to the wrong person all those years ago. 
At least her first love had been someone decent. 
The two of them sat in silence that was no longer awkward. Vivian could almost sense the warmth that encompassed them. 
Being able to go back to being friends with someone you once loved and hated is probably for the best. 
What happened to her and Finnick was probably the worst-case scenario: once lovers, now enemies. 
The sky had begun to darken for a while now and the two of them decided to return to the hotel so they could join dinner with everyone else.
Vivian didn’t expect to see an extremely familiar car parked in front of the hotel entrance when they returned. 
At the sight of that dreadfully familiar car, Vivian felt as if all the blood in her body had turned to ice. She stopped in her tracks. 
That was Finnick’s car. 
What a coincidence, Vivian couldn’t help but marvel inwardly. I can’t believe we’re bumping into each other even at my classmates’ gathering. What sort of twisted fate is this? 
Vivian was planning on just walking off and pretending like she hadn’t seen anything, but she remembered what Fabian said. What if we really did misunderstand each other? 
There’s no time like the present. She decided to confront Finnick today and ask him once and for all if he was the one who made Noah take her to the hospital for the abortion. 
No matter what the answer was, she was willing to hear it personally from Finnick himself. Besides, she was already completely prepared for whatever he might say. 
She stayed where she was. She knew that if the car had just reached, then Finnick would still be inside. He would be able to see her the moment he got off the car. 
What’s the truth? Did I actually misunderstand him? She would know the answer soon enough. 
Vivian suddenly felt slightly nervous. 
Fabian also recognized Finnick’s car and stopped walking when he saw Vivian stopped in her tracks. 
The door opened and Finnick saw Vivian standing right in front of him. A smile immediately appeared but froze halfway once he saw the person who was standing next to Vivian.
Fabian! 
Why is she with Fabian? What are they doing in front of a hotel? 
When Finnick saw how Vivian was standing still rather than turning to leave like she had before, he felt even angrier. 
If Vivian was the only person in front of him, he would have been overjoyed. But now that he saw Fabian with her, he started wondering what her true intentions were. 
Is Vivian trying to show me that she’s still getting the attention she deserves? First Hunter, now Fabian. Who’s next? How many men is she involved with? 
If it was before, Finnick would immediately trust Vivian. But after having gone through so many years without seeing her, his possessiveness seemed to take a turn for the worse. 
He couldn’t control his rage and started walking toward Vivian. She’s mine. I won’t let any other man stand close to her!
###Chapter 574
Chapter 574 
Vivian’s heart started beating faster when Finnick started walking toward her. She was terrified about the fact that they really had misunderstood each other. She was afraid of being unprepared to meet him and that she wouldn’t be able to handle the truth. 
But no matter how afraid she was, Vivian stayed where she was and watched Finnick approach her rapidly. 
“I have something to ask-” she started in a rare, gentle voice. 
She hadn’t even finished her sentence when she felt a tight grip around her wrist that pulled her a couple of steps away. 
Vivian hadn’t realized what was going on, but Fabian automatically reached out and grabbed her other wrist as if he was trying to ‘save’ her from Finnick. 
Vivian felt like a paper doll being tugged from both sides, about to rip in half. 
“Let go of her!” Finnick warned in a cold voice that contrasted against the fiery rage in his eyes. Is Fabian trying to win her back or something after so long? As if! Is Vivian really okay with dating any men as long as they aren’t me? 
“You’re the one who should let her go!” Fabian said just as firmly. He was starting to regret speaking up for Finnick just now. Why’d I bothered to help at all when he’s treating Vivian this violently? 
The two men stayed put, neither willing to let go. It was as if they forgot they were holding onto Vivian. 
“Let go of me, both of you!” Vivian yelled. Her wrists were starting to become numb from their strong grasp. “Let go! It hurts!”
Fabian quickly let go of Vivian’s wrist. Finnick, on the other hand, only relaxed his grip slightly. 
Vivian immediately swung Finnick’s hand away. “What the hell? What’s your problem?” 
“What’s my problem? Why are you and Fabian at a hotel alone?” Finnick asked Vivian angrily, no longer able to hold back. 
Fabian quickly tried to explain to Finnick, “Finnick, it’s not what it looks like. Vivian and I-” 
“Shut up!” Finnick glared at Fabian frostily. “Have you forgotten that I’m your uncle? How could you do such things to your own aunt?” 
Fabian’s expression darkened at Finnick’s words and he was about to explain further when Vivian’s frustrated, embarrassed voice drowned him out. 
“Finnick, what are you talking about? Also, I’m not his aunt anymore! The two of us are divorced, remember?” 
“Are you that desperate to cut ties with me?” Finnick scoffed coldly. “I guess you really have changed. First Hunter and now Fabian. You’ve grown much better at seducing other men.” 
“Jerk! Stop slandering me!” Vivian’s face was bright red from anger or embarrassment. 
“You know better. Why are you and Fabian at a hotel alone?” 
“That’s none of your business!” Vivian no longer felt like explaining. She was already furious enough to blurt out whatever she was thinking. “I’m not your wife anymore. I can go wherever I want with whoever I want. Who are you to judge?” 
She couldn’t believe that she was willing to give Finnick the benefit of the doubt just now. She had even waited for him so she could ask about what happened that year, but now all of that seemed
unnecessary. 
Vivian couldn’t help but slap herself inwardly. Did I actually feel a glimmer of hope when I saw him just now? What a joke. What did I expect? He already showed his true colors five years ago. 
If he’s willing to slander me at the mere sight of Fabian standing next to me, then it’s entirely plausible that he was willing to go to that extreme to get rid of a child that he thought wasn’t his own!
###Chapter 575
Chapter 575 
“Finnick, this is my last warning. I’m not your wife anymore so mind your own business!” After yelling at Finnick, Vivian turned to walk into the hotel. 
Fabian followed Vivian into the hotel. He wasn’t feeling very good either. After all, Finnick had just yelled at him for no reason. 
Finnick felt his heart ache at the sight of Vivian walking away from him. 
Her words had struck him hard. So I’m just a complete stranger to her now, huh? She was even willing to argue with me in public for Fabian’s sake! 
Fine. Very well! Finnick’s rage grew with each passing moment. 
Not far behind, Noah was watching Finnick and Vivian’s quarrel with regretful eyes. 
Mr. and Mrs. Norton had been so in love with each other that Noah had never gotten the chance to see them argue this way. 
Everything is my fault, he thought. If I didn’t do what I did all those years ago, they wouldn’t have become practically enemies and fight whenever they met. 
Noah felt like his heart was being chewed up and stepped on. He knew that if only he spoke up, the two of them might get back together like before. But he didn’t have the guts to tell Finnick the truth about what happened then. 
It was as if Evelyn’s words had been branded into his mind with a red-hot iron. His job, his future, his reputation, and his parents were all among the reasons stopping him from telling them the truth.
I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. He apologized over and over inwardly. That was all he could do. Deep down, he knew no one would ever forgive him. After all, he couldn’t even forgive himself. 
Vivian no longer felt like interacting with anyone after the squabble she had with Finnick. Once she walked in, she immediately told Peggy and Fabian that she wanted to call it a night and go home early. 
“Why are you going home so early? The party’s just started,” Peggy said with a pout. 
After all, Peggy had bent over backward to convince Vivian to show up. She hadn’t even managed to talk to Vivian that much and yet Vivian was already leaving? 
“Peggy, to be honest, I feel terrible right now. Let’s meet up another day, alright?” 
“What happened? You were fine just now before going outside with Fabian.” Peggy’s eyes betrayed her anxiousness. “Did Fabian say something to you? If he dared to mess with you, he’s going to have to deal with me!” 
“No, this has nothing to do with him.” Vivian quickly held Peggy back, who was already walking toward Fabian. “I don’t feel like talking about it right now, so please stop asking, alright?” 
Peggy felt her heart ache for her friend when she saw the pain on Vivian’s face. “Okay, I’ll stop asking.” 
Vivian nodded gratefully and rushed back to the Morrison residence. 
Larry was already asleep by now. She collapsed on her bed the moment she stepped into her room. Her memories of her argument with Finnick only served to hurt her further. 
You’ve grown much better at seducing other men. Vivian scoffed coldly. So that was all she was to Finnick now: a desperate, flirtatious harlequin.
Right as she was wallowing in her sorrow, someone knocked on her door. “Vivian, is that you? I want to talk to you about something.” 
It was Benedict’s voice. Vivian quickly dabbed at her eyes and opened the door. 
“What’s up, Ben? I thought you were at work,” Vivian said. 
“You’ve been crying. What happened?” Benedict asked slightly angrily, having noticed Vivian’s reddened eyes immediately. 
“Nothing. I was just looking through Larry’s old pictures and old memories kind of washed over me. I’m fine, Ben.”
###Chapter 576
Chapter 576 
Vivian forced herself to put on a bright smile in order to convince Benedict after explaining casually to him a valid reason. She did not wish to see him being troubled and distracted by her problems again. He was tensed and emotionally exhausted after trying to get things resolved for her all this while. 
“Don’t spend your time dwelling on the past. Try to let go of everything,” Benedict patted Vivian’s shoulder and motivated her. He did not sense that she was actually telling white lies. His grim face softened as his frustration was gradually replaced by a sense of sympathy. 
Vivian squeezed a smile as she nodded and asked curiously, “Ben, are you looking for me? Anything up?” 
“It’s a piece of great news regarding your job application. I’ve just received a call from the person in charge of your former magazine company. They requested you to report to work tomorrow.” 
“Really?” Vivian asked in disbelief. Her face lit up as her lips lifted into a cheerful smile. 
She never let go of any chance to be back to her favorite journalism throughout these years. When she was overseas, she grabbed the opportunity to further her studies in the relevant field. After graduation, she even had her internship in a reputable press agency which appeared to be quite popular in A Nation. 
Earlier on, she told Benedict that she was not keen on working in Morrison Group. She was actually looking forward to being back at her former magazine company if there was any chance. 
To her surprise, Benedict was very supportive of her decision. According to him, the operation of Morrison Group was running smoothly all this while under his supervision, so it did not matter if she was unable to join the group. Apart from that, he hoped that she could continue to have career
advancement in the field she had passion in. He even offered to help her submit her resume to her former magazine company. 
“Of course! I’ve told you previously that you possess high qualifications and are experienced in this field. It would be a great loss for them if they don’t hire you.” Benedict sounded really proud of her. “This round, instead of being a normal employee there, you’ll be holding the post of Chief Editor.” 
Vivian was dumbfounded and started to stammer, “C-chief Editor! Ben, h-how did it happen? How can I be assigned to hold the post of Chief Editor?” She totally had no clue about the current circumstance. 
“Yeah, I submitted your resume for the position of Chief Editor. Based on your qualifications and capabilities, you are actually qualified to hold a higher position than this!” Benedict had put the effort into planning this great surprise for Vivian. He was delighted that her beloved sister was able to continue pursuing her dream again in her favorite field. 
“Ben, thank you so much!” Vivian was overjoyed and embraced Benedict gratefully. However, a question flashed across her mind at the same time. “Ben, if I’m not mistaken, Fabian is the Chief Editor for that magazine company, right? Why did they have recruitment for Chief Editor again?” 
“When I submitted your resume, I happened to know that the Chief Editor of this magazine company had resigned. Therefore, I gave it a try and help you apply for this post. You must be confident in yourself. You manage to grab this post due to your own qualifications, and I did not pull strings for you at all. Moreover, the person in charge of the magazine company knew that you’re their former employee, and your previous work performance was quite satisfying. That’s why they asked you to report to work directly without an interview session,” Benedict explained to her with a loving look on his face. 
In his eyes, his sister was definitely the best!
Even though Vivian could not help wondering why Fabian had resigned out of a sudden, her heart leaped with joy at the thought of being able to work in the magazine company again. Thinking of Jenny, Sarah, and the other former colleagues in the magazine company, she could barely wait to report to work the next day. 
She decided to have an impressive debut as their Chief Editor the next day. In the afternoon, she headed for the mall excitedly, dragging Benedict along as well. 
After selecting a few sets of formal wears, Vivian tried them on one by one and requested Benedict to give his opinion. Benedict was nodding admiringly all the time as he gazed at Vivian with his smiling eyes. 
For having stayed under the same roof with Vivian for almost five years, this was the first time she dragged him out excitedly to shop for clothes. She was apparently on cloud nine ever since she knew that she was able to be back to the magazine company again. It seemed he had made a wise decision by supporting her to do so. No matter what, her happiness was the top priority. 
After choosing the clothes for herself, Vivian was still in high spirits. She selected a few shirts for Benedict as well and urged him to try them on. Benedict was being cooperative and put on the shirts chosen by Vivian one by one, so as not to disappoint her. 
Mesmerized by Benedict’s stunning look, Vivian felt as if she was watching a fashion show. 
How can my brother look exceptionally charming even when he is only wearing such an ordinary white shirt? He is undoubtedly looking more striking than any other male model! Even the sales assistant beside them was already having flushed cheeks as Benedict’s charm overwhelmed her.
###Chapter 577
Chapter 577 
Vivian’s mind sank into contemplation. She really wondered why such a charming man like his brother was still single. She could not help wondering what type of woman would manage to catch Benedict’s eye. Throughout these few years, she had never seen him in a relationship with any woman. Hence, she decided to look for an ideal woman who could match her gorgeous brother. 
Since the white shirt perfectly matched Benedict’s elegant vibes, Vivian decided to buy it as well. Needless to say, Benedict was the one to foot the bill for all the clothes chosen by Vivian. He insisted to do so as a token of congratulation to Vivian as she embarked on a new journey as a Chief Editor. 
The following morning, Vivian was looking smart in an eye-catching black and white ladies’ suit, giving off the vibe of feminine demureness at the same time. 
While she was heading for the magazine company cheerfully, the whole company was in rowdiness as a result of the announcement that their new Chief Editor would report to work on that day. 
All of them huddled around and were gossiping inquisitively about their new Chief Editor who would report to work soon. 
“I heard that our new Chief Editor is an attractive lady, but I’m not sure about her temperament. Hopefully, she’s not hot-tempered,” one of the male staff commented tactfully. 
“I heard that she’s just back from A Nation, and she was from one of the most popular press agencies there! She’s apparently no ordinary person!” 
“Yeah, I bet she must be from a prominent family. That explains why she’s able to hold the post of Chief Editor upon joining our company!”
“Anyway, she could be making up the story on her exposure overseas and is exaggerating on her own capabilities. Don’t judge a book by its cover. We’re still not sure if she’s really qualified for the position.” Shannon hinted in a sour tone. 
When Fabian resigned previously, she thought that she would have the opportunity to be promoted. Hence, she had applied for the post of Chief Editor as well. In her opinion, the post was undoubtedly something in her hands. She was waiting eagerly for the moment when the company announced her as the new Chief Editor. It never crossed her mind that another person would emerge and seize the post from her. 
Nobody dared to comment further on her words, fearing that the new Chief Editor was a hot-tempered woman and that she would be infuriated upon knowing how Shannon judged her. They were trying their best to zip their mouths so they would not offend their new Chief Editor. 
Shannon scoffed silently in her heart as none of them dared to express their opinions. 
“It doesn’t matter who will become our Chief Editor, as long as we are diligent with our work.” Sarah did not join the others gossiping about the new Chief Editor as it made no difference to her. 
“I actually see it differently. It’s important to have a leader who has a fair judgment. No doubt we have to try our best to carry out our work conscientiously. Yet our future depends a lot on our leader’s temperament as well, isn’t it? We’ll surely have a better career advancement under the leadership of a considerate Chief Editor!” Jenny who was sitting next to Sarah commented fairly. 
“You have got a point.” Sarah nodded and added again, “I really hope that the new Chief Editor is a nice lady who is both fair and considerate.” 
Standing outside the magazine company, Vivian was feeling unusually anxious.
The whole city looked different due to the tremendous development within the past five years. To her surprise, there was no significant change to the building of the magazine company. Vivian’s heart skipped a beat as she felt a sense of familiarity at the sight of the building. 
Letting out a deep breath, she strode into the magazine company. At the same time, she was wondering if all her former colleagues were still working there. I wonder how is everyone now! 
“V-Vivian!” Sarah stuttered and stood up instinctively the moment she saw Vivian’s figure outside the main entrance of the magazine company. There was visible joy on her face. 
“Vivian, is that you?” Sarah dashed toward Vivian but hesitated whether it was appropriate for her to embrace Vivian. Is she really Vivian? She looks really stunning now! 
“It’s me!” Vivian replied with a smile. Next, she wrapped her arms around Sarah excitedly. “Sarah, I’m back. How are you all this while?” 
“Vivian, it’s really you! Why did you leave without a word at that time? I really miss you so much these few years!” 
Sarah finally could not hold back her emotions any longer and burst into tears. Vivian was stunned and tried to coax her at once.
###Chapter 578
Chapter 578 
At the sight of Vivian and Sarah who were hugging each other, all the senior employees of the magazine company who were colleagues with Vivian before were overwhelmed. 
Those who were still new and had not seen Vivian before were watching quizzically. 
“Vivian, are you our new Chief Editor?” one of the senior employees finally recollected himself and asked Vivian. 
Upon hearing his questions, everyone was in silence as they were waiting for Vivian’s reply. Is it possible? A junior employee years ago has become their superior now? 
“Yeah.” Vivian smiled and nodded. “I look forward to working together with all of you again.” 
Everyone exchanged looks, apparently still in a daze. 
Their eyes widened in disbelief. It’s really unbelievable that a former junior employee turns into a Chief Editor in just five years! 
She was definitely at a different level now! It was as if she was going from rags to riches! 
In a split second, everyone was reacting differently to her words. Those who had worked together with Vivian before tried to recall if they had ever offended her. They wished that she would be generous enough to let go of the past grudges. 
Vivian would never dream about what they were thinking right then. Considering that some of the employees had never seen her before, she gave a brief self-introduction.
Apart from the common self introductory phrases, she emphasized her name with her current family name. 
She was Vivian Morrison at the moment, no more carrying the family name of the Williams. Therefore, she really hoped that everyone could bear that in mind. 
It was natural for the staff of the magazine company to be observant of the changes in her family name. Instantaneously, they recalled how the whole Sunshine City was in an uproar previously by the news on Vivian’s true identity as the young heiress of Morrison Group. 
In a blink of an eye, everyone was gazing at Vivian with indescribable complex emotions. There was even a sense of respect in their eyes. From that moment onward, they were not standing on the same ground anymore. Vivian was definitely at a higher ranking than them in terms of social status. 
Shannon’s heart was filled with hatred and jealousy, yet she did not dare to express her feelings at the moment. Putting on a pretentious smile, she approached Vivian and said, “Vivian, welcome back. You looked prettier.” 
Sensing that Shannon was not being sincere, Vivian still shook hands with her and replied, “Thank you. I really hope that we’ll get along well later.” 
All the senior employees were shocked to see both of them shook hands with each other. At that very moment, they realized that Vivian was obviously not her old self anymore. She would never be bothered to be pretentious and socialize with anyone she disliked previously. 
They were not sure if the change was a good or a bad thing. Almost all of them were overcome by a sense of uneasiness and uncertainty. 
Vivian was apparently adapting to everything well after one week later; her work started to get on track. She came up with a plan to work on a series of exclusive interviews for the public figures, hoping to
boost the sales of the magazine company with this method. 
It was a brilliant idea theoretically, yet certain levels of difficulty could not be avoided when it came to implementation. If they were to invite artistes for their exclusive interviews, the costs would surely be over the budget allocated by the magazine company. Nonetheless, the sales rate of their magazines would definitely not be satisfactory if the invited interviewees were not among those who had gained a certain level of popularity. 
After having a meeting with her subordinates, Vivian decided to shortlist the interviewees among the reputable personnel from the corporate world of Sunshine City. 
Using “business elite” as headlines would surely capture people’s attention. What’s more, the selected candidates happened to be the business elites who were well-known in Sunshine City. The exclusive interviews for them would surely trigger the readers’ interest and curiosity. 
Furthermore, it was indeed a win-win situation for both the interviewer and interviewee. In order to boost the popularity and reputation of their corporate, the business elite would surely be more than willing to be interviewed. In other words, it should be less challenging to interview them as compared to celebrities. 
“Since we have set the field, let’s have a brainstorming session on the potential interviewees so the candidates can be finalized,” Vivian announced. 
Upon hearing her words, everyone started to ponder about the ideal person to be interviewed. 
A young girl who had just joined the magazine company raised her hand and suggested eagerly, “Ms. Morrison, someone came into my mind!” 
Vivian smiled and encouraged her, “Who’s that?”
“I suggest that we can interview Mark Norton. I’m sure everyone knows that he is in the midst of developing a piece of land. If I’m not mistaken, he intends to build the largest hotel in Sunshine City. The news about his plan has gone viral on social media and is widely discussed. Hence, I feel that he’s an ideal candidate who meets our requirements for the interviewee,” the young girl elaborated excitedly.
###Chapter 579
Chapter 579 
The newbie was getting more excited as she was pretty sure that she had come up with the name for one of the most ideal people. 
Unexpectedly, there was a pin-drop silence right after she had finished elaborating on her points. Some of the senior employees even gave her a look of sympathy. Mark Norton was undoubtedly an ideal candidate who fulfilled the requirements for the interviewee, yet none of them dared to mention his name. Anyone would have thought about this name effortlessly and suggested to Ms. Morrison, if not for the incidents that occurred a few years ago. 
It’s impossible that she would approve it since she has been holding a grudge against him all this while. Let’s keep our fingers crossed so our innocent young newbie would not be reprimanded by her! 
Vivian’s body stiffened the moment she heard the man’s name. Her fingernails sank deep into her palm, yet she did not feel the pain at all as her senses were overpowered by the abhorrence that was creeping into her heart. I wouldn’t have ended up enduring for five years overseas if he didn’t collude with Evelyn to set me up at that time! I almost lost my dear Larry because of them! 
I must avenge their ruthless act and teach them a lesson! 
As a plan gradually formed in her mind, she snickered silently. I must grab the opportunity this round to let the despicable man pay for what he has done! 
Suppressing her exasperation and abhorrence toward Mark, Vivian tried to reply placidly, “Yeah, good idea. We can consider that.” 
Everyone was stunned by Vivian’s approval. It’s unbelievable that she just agreed with it so sportingly! The newbie was not reprimanded by her as expected! Not the least bit of frustration could be sensed
from her face too! 
Vivian smiled and added, “I will interview him myself.” 
Everyone was dumbfounded and at a loss for words again. 
Vivian smiled bitterly at the sight of their quizzical and stunned expressions. 
She was not surprised by that. It was undeniable that she was actually related to Mark in a complicated way. 
The fact that she was Finnick’s wife years ago could not be erased from everyone’s mind even after their divorce. Meanwhile, as Finnick’s elder brother, Mark used to be her brother-in-law at that time. 
Almost the same question popped up in everyone’s mind. She is not feeling awkward to interview Mark by herself now? 
Vivian knew the reason why everyone could not resist whispering among themselves about her decision. Anyway, she could not stop everyone from wondering and gossiping about that too. After all that had happened in the past years, nothing appeared to be unbearable for her. Their reaction and gossips were nothing to her. 
“Vivian, how about I go and interview Mark? I promise that I’ll get the mission accomplished,” Sarah volunteered with a concerned look. 
She was not trying to get the credit, but it was solely because she was worried that Mark would trigger Vivian’s sad memory, causing her to dwell on her miserable past. 
“Don’t worry. I can get it done.” Vivian smiled at her with gratitude.
Knocking lightly on the desk to silence everyone, Vivian raised her voice, “Silence please, I’ve decided on this. I’ll be the one to interview Mark Norton, but I need everyone’s help to carry out an investigation for me before that. The findings obtained via the investigation are really important for the interview session this round.” 
Everyone exchanged their puzzled looks with each other again. 
With a stern look, Vivian added, “Before the interview session, we need to have an investigation on the project that Mark Norton is currently working on. This is to double-check if there is any hidden plot behind the project. If we are able to detect anything amiss beyond others’ knowledge, that will be our greatest selling point to draw the readers’ attention.” 
Everyone nodded in agreement upon hearing Vivian’s words. That was exactly how they should work in order to capture the most interesting part and turn the exclusive interview into a great success. 
After that, they continued to brainstorm on a few other candidates to be interviewed. After finalizing the names, Vivian adjourned the meeting. Nevertheless, Sarah, Jenny, and a few other more trustworthy subordinates stayed back as instructed by Vivian. She assigned them the task to investigate the project that Mark was currently working on, and advised them to monitor him closely. 
They promised that they would have the mission accomplished by all means. 
Vivian was really occupied in the following week. She could not even allocate time to send Larry to school and fetch him after class. When they were having breakfast that morning, Larry even grumbled that it had been a long time since Vivian last accompanied him to have some fun. 
As a sense of guilt surged within her, she could only try to please her son by embracing him affectionately, promising him that she would definitely bring him out again after settling her matter.
Larry could only agree with pouted lips, causing Vivian to feel sorry for him. 
Nevertheless, she could not be distracted from the secret investigation on Mark. In order for their mission to be accomplished earlier, they could only gear up their effort on the investigation. 
Two days had elapsed, yet there was still no news on the investigation. Vivian was becoming impatient and frustrated because of that. She did not believe that such a cunning person like Mark would ever run anything non-for-profit, yet she could not understand why nothing could be traced this round.
###Chapter 580
Chapter 580 
When Vivian was about to give up investigating him, Sarah gave her a call and updated her on something inspiring. 
The moment she answered the call, Sarah reported to her in a pleasant voice, “Vivian, I’ve great news for you! We’ve finally detected some clues from our investigation!” 
“Really?” Vivian asked excitedly as her eyes lit up. “What clue did you manage to trace? Send to me now!” 
Ding Dong! Within seconds, there was a document icon displayed on her phone, indicating that a document was sent to her. 
Her hand trembled with excitement as she clicked on the document to view it. Mark Norton, I’ve finally unveiled your mask for your true colors to be revealed! 
“Vivian, even though we have managed to trace some clues, we did not manage to obtain concrete proof for it. Therefore, we’re still unable to charge him with anything.” 
Sarah obviously sounded distressed as she lowered her voice. It’s really discouraging! We’re pretty sure that he has committed something illegal, yet there’s no way for us to charge him with that! 
“What are we supposed to do now? Do you think you’re able to obtain the relevant proof?” There was profound anxiety in Vivian’s tone. 
“The major challenge which we are facing now is we don’t know any attorneys or legal professionals whom we can consult for further actions to be taken. If anyone from the legal sector can guide us or assist us in collecting the related evidence, I’m sure things will be a lot easier for us,” Sarah explained patiently.
“Alright, I’ll try my best to contact any reliable attorneys to consult them on this. Don’t let your guard down and continue to monitor him closely. Try your best to see if you can detect any other awry things from him,” Vivian instructed her. 
“Sure, Vivian. Don’t worry, we’ll try our best and won’t let you down!” Sarah answered confidently. 
Nonetheless, Vivian could not help feeling insecure and advised her again, “Bear in mind that your safety is always the top priority. If you encounter any dangers, just put aside everything and retreat at once. Don’t put yourself at risk.” 
“Don’t worry, Vivian. We’ll stay alert all the time. I’m sure there won’t be any problems.” 
Vivian spent some time advising Sarah again before she finally ended the conversation and hung up the phone. 
Attorney, attorney… I never known any, not to mention trustworthy ones! After all, Mark Norton is still considered public fame. How can I disclose anything to any attorneys? What am I supposed to do now? 
A name suddenly flashed across her mind when she caught a glimpse of her phone. Ah! I can look for Hunter Yates! Perhaps he is able to help me! 
She suddenly recalled that Hunter had ever told her he was an attorney who was quite reputed in the field. She did not really pay much attention to him at that time, yet it turned out to be something helpful just in time. 
Vivian was in a dilemma as she was not sure if she should trust Hunter. Furthermore, he was Evelyn’s ex-classmate and had actually approached her earlier because of Evelyn. In that case, can I trust him and disclose everything to him?
Nevertheless, she did not have any other choices at the moment, other than giving Hunter a try. 
Thinking of Hunter’s sincerity when he offered to be her friend that day, she finally made up her mind that she would trust him. 
Since she had made the decision, she gave Hunter a call at once, asking him out for a meal. 
On the other hand, Hunter thought that he was dreaming the moment he received Vivian’s call. It never crossed his mind that she would call him and even ask him out for a meal! On the instant, he was over the moon. 
Initially, he thought of putting on a show by pretending that he was occupied at the moment and could not make it. He tried not to let Vivian sense how desperate he was by accepting her invitation immediately. 
However, he changed his mind after thinking about the possibility that Vivian might not be contacting him again in the near future if he rejected her this round. 
He presumed that there must be a reason why Vivian took the initiative to call him first. Considering that she might have an important matter to discuss with him, he decided not to drag her time. 
Therefore, he gladly accepted her invitation. After hanging up the phone, he hopped into his car and sped off to meet her.
###Chapter 581
Chapter 581 
“Vivian!” At the appointed restaurant, Hunter spotted Vivian at a glance, who was seated by the window. He hurried over in excitement and sat across from her. 
“It’s so rare that you ask me out for lunch. You miss me after so long, don’t you. I’m not such a bad guy, am I?” Hunter joked, but Vivian was not in the mood. 
“Hunter, the reason why I called you here today was to ask for your help.” She decided not to beat around the bush. 
“Okay, I’ll do it,” Hunter said with a smile. 
Vivian furrowed her brows. “Hunter, I’m not joking with you. I really need your help on something.” 
“I’m not joking either,” Hunter grinned. “I’m willing to help you out no matter what you ask.” 
Vivian was taken aback. She wasn’t sure if he meant it or he was flirting with her. After a moment’s pause, she said, “Is this how you flirt with girls?” 
Hunter’s smile froze. Does she really think that little of me? 
Yes, he flirted with girls often, but he never made promises like that. He had no way of knowing that he would do anything unconditionally for a woman. Plus, the women he’d met were all big talkers. 
Vivian was different, he knew. She was different from the rest. 
This feeling was hard to describe. He just knew that he was willing to go above and beyond for her, but she didn’t believe him. Is this really karma? Hunter recalled the way she jeered at him in the past.
He pulled himself out of his reverie with a bitter laugh. “Vivian, I meant what I said. I’ve never made empty promises just to get a girl. I am willing to help you with anything you need.” 
His seriousness startled Vivian. What did he mean by that? 
Hunter was dimly aware that he might have frightened Vivian when she did not reply. He reminded himself to slow down. If he scared her off, what good will that do? 
“Vivian, what I meant was that we are friends, aren’t we? You promised me that the last time, remember?” Hunter had no choice but to leverage this again. “Since we are friends, shouldn’t we help each other?” 
Vivian sighed with relief at Hunter’s words. So that’s what he meant. Her heart raced for a moment as she thought he was leading to a romantic proposition. 
Hunter felt terrible when Vivian looked visibly relieved, but he couldn’t show it. “So you’ll tell me? What do you need help for?” 
“I need to tell you something first,” Vivian studied Hunter dubiously. “If you would help me, there’s a chance that it would offend Mark Norton. Would you still be willing to?” 
“I would.” Hunter nodded seriously, suddenly worried. It’s probably not going to be a small favor. ”What is it?” 
Vivian’s heart was flooded with gratitude when she saw that Hunter agreed to it without hesitation. She also felt guilty to have doubted her decision to trust him. 
She took out her phone and showed Hunter the information that Sarah had sent her. “I need your help to look for evidence pertaining to this.”
“Okay,” Hunter replied without looking up. He studied the information he was shown in silence. 
Vivian was prepared for the fact that Hunter might attempt to decline but was surprised to find that he did not put up a shred of resistance. Vivian felt worse. Her trust for Hunter deepened. 
… 
It’s been ten days since Hunter’s promise to Vivian, but he had not been in touch. Vivian felt that it was appropriate to call and rush for her favor to be done. She stewed in her own panic in the meantime.
###Chapter 582
Chapter 582 
Hunter finally called and informed Vivian that he found hard evidence on the issue with Mark. 
“Really?” Vivian shouted excitedly. There is finally some evidence to punish this scumbag! 
“Yes,” replied Hunter. And the evidence is more than sufficient. Enough to put him away for a few years, if you so wish.” He was pleased with the effect his news had on Vivian and felt infected by her joy. 
“Thank you, Hunter,” Vivian said gratefully. “Where are you now? I’ll drive to you.” 
“Let me come to you instead,” Hunter replied. “I don’t feel good about you driving alone. Let’s meet at Hatchen’s Tea House next to your magazine company. I’ll give you a call when I arrive.” 
“Alright, see you in a bit,” Vivian said and hung up. She rushed over to Hatchen’s. 
When Hunter arrived, Vivian was already seated and awaited him. 
He couldn’t help but notice how warm and lovely a sight it was from the way the steam from her piping hot tea framed her face. He felt serene and at peace while he stared at her, who ironically wore a panicked expression. 
The tiredness from the exertion he had displaced in this endeavor instantly vanished at the sight of Vivian. My news would calm her and make her smile. With that thought in mind, Hunter had a difficult time hiding his own elation. 
Hunter strode towards Vivian with broad steps and sat down across from her. As he handed her a thick folder, he said, “It’s all in here. Take a look.”
She accepted it with gratitude in her eyes and hastily extracted the documents within. 
The longer she examined them, the more worked up she became. With these, Mark would be at her mercy. 
“Hunter, I can’t thank you enough,” Vivian said as she stuffed them back into the folder. “Tell me, how can I repay you for this?” She looked up to him joyously. 
“Anything I want?” Hunter joked, unaware that he had alerted the alarm bells in Vivian’s head from the way he responded. 
“Anything within reason, I will try to get it done for you.” 
Hunter had a lump in his throat at that. ”Reason”, “try”. She seemed to have a lot of restrictions toward what she was willing to do for him. 
However, he recollected Vivian’s attitude to him in the past and couldn’t help feeling hopeful. This is much better, isn’t it? You can’t rush into this. One step at a time. 
“Why are you so serious? I was joking.” Hunter laughed. “We are friends, and we should help each other. There’s no need for such formality as repaying me.” 
Vivian’s suspicion relaxed. “All the same, I want you to know that I am very thankful to you. If you ever need anything in the future, do not hesitate to ask me for help.” 
“Will do. I won’t hold back when the time comes,” Hunter said with a smile. “Oh, by the way, why are you gathering evidence against Mark?” 
He gathered from these past few days that Mark was Finnick’s older brother. But he did not hear of any conflict between Mark and Vivian. Unless she was sabotaging Finnick through his brother?
This was not her style, from what he knew of her. He was unable to draw any reasonable conclusion from inferring himself, so he decided to just ask her. 
It was no small favor that Hunter did Vivian. She felt like he at least deserved the truth. 
“He had intentions to harm Larry before,” Vivian said with distaste. “Not to mention he helped Evelyn kidnap me. This is a slight that cannot go unpunished.” She clenched her fist as she spoke. 
“You’ve never asked me whose child Larry was,” Vivian said after a thought. “Aren’t you curious?” 
She had not forgotten about the time on the cruise ship when she asked for Hunter’s help to lie to Finnick about Larry. He didn’t seem very interested back then and did not ask too many questions. Perhaps he had already guessed?
###Chapter 583
Chapter 583 
“Why do I need to? Isn’t it obvious? You’ve only been married once.” Hunter shrugged. 
Vivian smiled to herself. Maybe she really was overthinking. 
“Will you keep this secret for me? I don’t want Finnick to know about Larry’s existence,” Vivian pleaded. Larry was her whole world. She could not allow Finnick to take him from her! 
“Of course I will. I’ve already promised you once before on the ship, don’t you remember?” Hunter said plainly. “Don’t worry,” he added when he saw the pain in her eyes. “I always keep my promises. I wouldn’t forget, even if you do someday.” 
He seemed to hint at something as he said that. Vivian’s alarm bells rang faintly again, as she sensed that he was about to reveal something. 
“Thank you,” she said, not daring to meet his eyes. 
“Don’t be so formal with me,” Hunter replied somewhat affectionately. 
His impression of Vivian changed completely after this encounter. She was stronger and more fearless than he could ever imagine. 
Mark was a difficult individual to topple. Even with the might of Morrison Group on Vivian’s side, it was no easy feat. But Vivian did not give up. She was still tirelessly searching for leads against Mark. 
Her independence and strength only served to attract him even more. What should he do? Hunter didn’t think he could tear his eyes off her.
Vivian sensed Hunter’s incessant gaze on her and felt deeply uncomfortable. Why isn’t he talking and why is he staring at me like that? This feels like an inappropriate way to look at a friend. 
Unable to bear the borderline romantic tension between them, Vivian attempted to break the silence. 
“You…” she started, but was interrupted by Hunter’s phone. 
Hunter shot Vivian an apologetic glance and took the call. To his surprise and amusement, he saw that it was Evelyn who was calling him. 
He answered the call without hesitation in front of Vivian. “Yes, what is it? I’m with Vivian now… would you like to join us?” 
“Alright then, I’ll send you the address. See you in a bit.” Hunter ended the call and looked up at her. 
Hunter sent Evelyn a text and turned back to Vivian. “It was Evelyn,” he explained. “She wants to meet me.” 
Vivian’s heart skipped a beat upon learning that. “Hunter, you haven’t told her that I had already learned about her scheme, have you?” she asked tentatively. 
“No Vivian, I did not. And do not plan to,” Hunter grumbled wearily. When would she learn to trust me unreservedly? ”I’ve promised you once before, and now I’m on your side. Of course, I wouldn’t tell her something like this.” 
On her side? Hunter’s words troubled her. Since when did he become her ally? And where did this grumbling come from? 
Since the day she had promised to be friends with him, his attitude towards her had been very strange.
Hunter used to try to butter her up, but she had been aware of his motives and consequently kept her distance as a spectator rather than as a participant. But now it seemed like Hunter really cared about her; she could feel it. It was a tangible concern and not at all like how he used to be. 
But why? Was it as simple as he said? That they were just friends? 
“Vivian, what’s wrong? What’s on your mind?” Hunter waved a hand in front of her face, confused by her sudden reverie. 
“Oh, nothing,” Vivian said as she regained control of herself. “Thank you again for keeping my secret safe.” 
“Vivian, how many times do you want to thank me today?” Hunter reiterated. “We don’t have to be this formal with one another.” When will she start to understand that he is not a stranger to her?
###Chapter 584
Chapter 584 
“I know,” Vivian said as she took a sip of tea. “By the way, when is Evelyn coming?” 
“Not long now. She said she’s on her way over,” Hunter said. He swirled his cup of tea and watched as the leaves ebbed and flowed as if they were mirroring his feelings. 
Vivian asked him about the specifics of the process of gathering evidence against Mark. She looked very serious, and Hunter left no detail out as he retold his efforts. 
“It shouldn’t have been possible to collect all of these in such a short amount of time, and with such little ease too. There’s a phrase for this.” Hunter frowned. “Ah yes! Divine intervention. That was what happened.” 
“Coincidentally, Mark had fired an assistant recently for airing his dirty laundry.” Hunter shot Vivian a glance; he felt like she didn’t need to hear the unsavory details. 
Vivian guessed where he was heading from his expression. She furrowed her brows and nodded to encourage him. 
“This assistant of his was dealing with the development of his hotel project. I don’t think he was too happy for getting fired over a reason like that.” 
“When I found the assistant and offered him some incentives, he divulged a list of employees to me. It was a breeze to gather the evidence after that by going through the list.” 
He lifted his cup and took a sip of satisfaction while he watched Vivian’s expression as if he was a child expecting praise.
However, Vivian was not looking at him. She looked down and laughed to herself. He got what he deserved! What should she do next to ensure that Mark gets the punishment he deserves? 
Hunter did not obtain the reaction he expected, but he was contented to stare at Vivian without her raising ions as usual. 
Before he just had to look at her to make her uncomfortable and she would look for excuses to leave his company. This time, she was so deep in thought that she did not notice him staring at her all this time. 
Hunter was savoring his moment to stare at her as much as he desired. Come to think of it, he has not taken a good look at her before. Her eyes were huge, her nose was so sharp, her lips so… 
Hunter unconsciously swallowed and realized in a panic that his mouth was bone dry. He hurriedly poured himself a cup full of water and gulped it down. He also reminded himself not to stare at where he was not supposed to. He wasn’t going to shoot himself in the foot now with all the progress he’d made with her. 
This whole debacle went unnoticed by Vivian. Still deep in thought, it allowed for Hunter to resume his indulgence of studying her face. 
She has such long lashes! She looks so pretty when she frowns… 
Evelyn arrived not long after. 
Upon entering Hatchen’s, she caught sight of Vivian, head bowed and deep in thought, while Hunter had his chin resting in his hand, with a big smile as he sat and watched her. They looked just like a couple in the budding stages of romance. 
That sight pleased Evelyn a great deal. Looks like her plan is moving along nicely.
She looked at Vivian scornfully. What an inexperienced woman to be so easily seduced by Hunter. But Evelyn had no complaints; all of this only helped her plan. 
When Hunter cruelly dumps you, let’s see how pleased you would look, Evelyn scoffed internally. You took the title of Ms. Morrison from me, but I will make sure that you know that I am superior, now and always. 
Evelyn rearranged the malice and jealousy on her face into a big smile, then approached Vivian and Hunter’s table. 
“Vivian, Hunter, my apologies. I hope I’m not interrupting.” 
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Hunter said with a smile. He averted his eyes away from Vivian the instant he caught sight of her, but couldn’t help feeling a flash of frustration. 
He stood up to help Evelyn with her wheelchair and said, “What can I help you with today?” 
“What? Did you forget all about your little matchmaker? Can’t I meet you without a motive?” Evelyn laughed as she allowed her gaze to drift between Vivian and Hunter. 
Hunter chuckled dryly but did not offer a response.
###Chapter 585
Chapter 585 
Evelyn shot a dissatisfied gaze at Hunter and turned to Vivian. “Vivian, what were you guys talking about? Let me know if Hunter tries to take advantage of you. I will teach him a lesson he won’t forget.” 
She reached out and tried to hold Vivian’s wrist, but the latter averted Evelyn’s gesture, so subtly that it appeared unintentional. 
Vivian had not spoken since Evelyn’s arrival, not even to greet her. She was occupied by the incident with Mark and was in no mood for false social niceties with Evelyn. 
“There wasn’t much going on, we’re just having tea together,” Vivian replied grudgingly. “I suddenly recall that I have some urgent matter to tend to. Enjoy your day, you guys.” 
Vivian addressed both of them but directed her farewell towards Hunter. She grabbed her purse and promptly left. 
Evelyn clenched her teeth as she watched Vivian’s departing silhouette. Who does she think she is to ignore me like that? Is this her way of throwing her tantrum? She must think of herself as some hotshot, doesn’t she? 
An urgent matter? It’s awfully convenient to have an urgent matter just as I arrived. Does Vivian think I’m a fool for coming up with such a pathetic excuse? 
Evelyn did not bother to conceal her anger anymore. “How did it go?” she snapped at Hunter. “Any progress with her yet? It’s been a long time!” 
It was a rare opportunity that Hunter had: to be in Vivian’s company for such a long time. Evelyn’s interruption and rude interrogation angered Hunter to such a degree that he was tempted to overturn the table in her face.
But at the thought of his promise to Vivian, Hunter struggled to and succeeded in keeping his temper in check. Now that Vivian was busy in preparation to make a move against Mark, and he himself was lying to Evelyn, he had to be very careful to not let Evelyn’s interference sabotage Vivian’s chance of success. 
“I’m getting along fine with her. These things take time,” Hunter reported vaguely. 
“How good is ‘fine’? What stage are you at with her? Does that b*tch like you or not?” Evelyn fired questions unceasingly, as though she was venting her frustration with every forceful question. 
“I’m telling you, seduce her as fast as you can. It’ll be better if you can take her out of Sunshine City. Take her to A Nation or J Nation, I don’t care. Take her far away and then dump her hard. I want that b*tch to suffer.” 
“I can’t just barge my way into her romantic life,” Hunter replied as he tried to steady his hand from slapping her for how she was speaking. She is so vulgar. How did I end up being friends with her in the first place? 
Evelyn noticed Hunter’s anger on his face and realized that she had behaved inappropriately. Hunter was doing her a favor after all. If he decided to abandon it, her whole plan would go up in flames. 
Evelyn took a deep breath to steady herself and forced a smile. “Forgive me, I was being too impatient. Please don’t get mad. So how is your progress?” 
“It should be soon. She’s primed to say yes,” Hunter replied irritably. 
Hunter’s irritation somehow satisfied Evelyn. Of course he was irritated at Vivian, and not her! 
Hmm, just as well too. She was afraid that Hunter would really fall for Vivian, and wouldn’t bear to hurt her when it was time for him to do so. It was best that he was irritated now. Let it build up and when the
time is right, he would be able to do a spectacular job of dumping her. 
“That’s good if it’s soon. You just need to keep at it for a little longer. When she’s head over heels for you, dump her. Then you’ll be of seeing her b*tchy face day and night.” Evelyn’s attempt to comfort Hunter only incensed him further. How was it possible for someone to be this wicked! 
Evelyn construed Hunter’s frown to be intolerance of still having to deal with Vivian for the foreseeable future. But, if it were her who had to look at that d*mn vixen all day, she would be driven mad too. Hunter really was going above and beyond for her to put himself through all that. 
“Hunter, just bear with it a little while longer for me. I will thank you properly after it’s done,” Evelyn said and winked at him suggestively.
###Chapter 586
Chapter 586 
“What do you mean?” Hunter squinted at her, a cold fury flashed dangerously across his eyes for an instant. Evelyn misinterpreted his gaze and pressed on in the wrong direction. 
She twirled a finger in her hair coyly while she touched Hunter’s cheek with her other hand. “I remember when we were at A Nation, you told me that you liked me, didn’t you?” she smiled. 
This was another affirmation of Evelyn that there was no way that Hunter would genuinely like Vivian. He used to like her; his taste in women wouldn’t be as bad as to find Vivian attractive. Yes, admittedly she had become more beautiful. But that doesn’t change the fact that she was hideous in the past. 
“So?” Hunter took another sip of his tea and egged Evelyn on. 
“If you help me deal with Vivian, perhaps we could pick up where we left off,” Evelyn breathed. “What do you think? Not too bad of a thank you gift, isn’t it?” 
As she said that, she allowed as much lust and suggestiveness to flash before her eyes to ensure that Hunter got the message. 
She was brashly confident in her proposition. She recalled when they were in A Nation together, Hunter held a bouquet of roses and stood under her dormitory for three days in an effort to court her. All the other girls in the faculty threw jealous looks at her for days. 
But at the end, she did not accept his proposal after all. 
Hunter was a good suitor, but a notorious playboy. Besides, she had her heart on Finnick back then. Her relationship with Hunter eventually became platonic, but throughout the years there were traces of romantic tension between them.
But she firmly believed that being unattainable is the best way to cultivate desire in men. Evelyn was confident that Hunter still had feelings for her. She was the epitome of perfection; which man wouldn’t? 
If Hunter didn’t have feelings for her, why did he agree to help her seduce Vivian without hesitation and exerted so much effort into this endeavor? 
Now that she knew the extent to which Hunter would go for her, all she had to do was dangle some perks of being with her in front of him, and he will try all the harder to seduce and then dump Vivian! 
Her charm was so powerful that Hunter was helpless in her grasp, succumbing to obey her every whim and fancy. 
As he watched Evelyn’s confident monologue, Hunter couldn’t help feeling amused. 
She really does think he likes her? Does she think that bringing up their history together will seduce him? 
The reason why he tried so hard to court Evelyn in the past was that he was deceived by her looks. Yes, she was very beautiful. And austere to all the boys too; she remained indifferent to their attention. He took it as a challenge and tried to succeed where the other boys had failed. 
This attitude wasn’t just towards Evelyn, but to other girls too. It got to the point where he would try his best to win them over even when he wasn’t actually interested in them. He lost interest as soon as he managed to; it was the thrill of the chase that was the most appealing for him. 
He had played this game with himself for years, but only recently had he realized that he was a fool all along. To have wasted his time building meaningless temporary connections and believing that it gave him confidence and a sense of accomplishment.
If Evelyn had dropped hints as she did back then, it would have tempted him like a dog with a scent. But now all it did was just repulsed and irritated him. 
Hunter was distinctly aware of the change within him. But what had caused it? As he pondered on this, Vivian’s face floated up in the sea of his subconscious. 
Yes, ever since he met her, he didn’t feel interested in other girls anymore. The feeling that she gave him was different from what the other girls gave him. 
Never had a girl caused him such anxiety and longing. He’d feel happy when she was happy, and feel pain in his heart when she was sad. He was willing to do anything in the world for her. 
Yes, Evelyn was beautiful. So what? She was just pretty on the outside but rotten, wicked, and hateful on the inside. She made him sick to his stomach. 
As for Vivian, every gesture she made, every frown or smile on her face was perfection in his eyes, without him even realizing it. 
At the thought of that, Hunter smiled. I’ve fallen head-over-heels, he thought. But so what? He was ready and willing for a chance at real happiness. 
Evelyn saw him smile and thought that it was for her. The sight pleased her even more. She purred, her voice exuding a charm that was smooth as silk.
###Chapter 587
Chapter 587 
“Oh Hunter, I regretted not saying yes to you back then. But maybe my mistake in the past provided an opportunity for us to reconnect under better circumstances. This is our fate, isn’t it?” 
Fate? Hunter looked at her incredulously. To him, her action now was punishment for his advancement back then. 
But Evelyn did not think that Hunter was ridiculing her. It seemed to her that the amusement in his eyes was the product of joy at the prospect of being with her. 
“There will be a new film airing on the day after tomorrow. The trailer seems promising. Would you like to come with me?” Evelyn took the initiative and extended an invitation. 
“I’m sorry, I can’t. I have matters to attend to on that day.” Hunter rejected at once. He got up and excused himself. “I still have things to work on, I have to go.” 
Evelyn watched in shock silence as Hunter departed. 
She returned to her senses only after he had disappeared from sight. Her face was full of embarrassment. She had made herself so clear that she was practically throwing herself at him, but he still did not take the hint! 
Doesn’t he remember that it was he who had shamelessly begged her to go out with him? Now that she was the one initiating, he actually rejected her! She was furious! 
Hunter must not have been in a good mood today. He would have accepted her invitation under normal circumstances.
Though she was paralyzed in both legs, she was still confident in her ability to seduce. Men are creatures of sight. Faced with a woman like her, how could they find it in their hearts to reject? 
… 
Vivian got home and looked over the evidence from Hunter again, as though intent on memorizing every word. 
She was excited at the prospect of the interview on the following day. It was finally a chance to prove her innocence. Though it’s been five years, it had been a constant thorn in her heart, and the source of all that had happened. 
Finally, the truth will be revealed. 
Suddenly, there was a knock on her door, and Benedict entered. 
“Are you going to interview Mark?” he asked bluntly. 
“Yes I am. Tomorrow.” Vivian nodded. 
“Do you know how dangerous that is? What are you thinking?” Benedict raised his voice angrily. 
This was no small matter. Why didn’t she discuss it with him before deciding? Mark was capable of kidnapping her once. Who’s to say he won’t do it again? She was gambling with her safety! 
Vivian could count the number of times her brother had lost his temper at her on one hand in the span of as many years. All of those times without exceptions were because he was worried about her. She knew that this time was no different. 
“Ben, please relax. I will be careful. I couldn’t let it go. I must avenge myself and Larry,” Vivian said determinedly.
Benedict knew that Vivian was still haunted by the events of that year, and it pained him to see her this tormented. “Leave the avenging to me, will you? This matter is too dangerous for you to handle alone. If Mark tries something again…” 
“This is something I must do alone,” Vivian cut across him; it wasn’t often she did that. “Ben, trust me. I will take extra precautions. Let me handle it.” 
She must exact revenge by her own hand! 
Benedict was at a loss for words in the face of her insistence. The antidote to a happy life lies at the root of the problem. Vivian can only let go and start a new life if she personally sees this through. But… 
Ah, damn it, he’ll just send a couple of men to watch over her from the shadows. 
“You must be wary. If there’s any danger, call me at once.” Benedict was still uneasy. 
“I will.” Vivian nodded seriously. 
Benedict was just about to remind her of something when Larry stumbled in and rubbed his eyes. “Mom, can you accompany me to sleep tonight? I want a bedtime story.” 
Vivian carried him in her arms lovingly. She turned to Benedict and said, “Ben, I’ll put Larry to sleep now. Please don’t worry, I will be cautious.”
###Chapter 588
Chapter 588 
Benedict grunted in approval. “Have a good night,” he said to Larry and tousled his hair. 
Back in Larry’s bedroom, Vivian tucked him in and patted him on the back. “What story would you like tonight, little pumpkin?” she asked in a gentle voice. 
“The rabbit and the tiger, please,” Larry answered excitedly. It’s been a long time since Mommy told bedtime stories. 
“Okay,” Vivian agreed and pecked Larry on the forehead. “Long ago in the forest lived a little white rabbit. One day, the mommy rabbit said…” 
Under the lull of Vivian’s gentle storytelling, Larry dropped off very quickly. 
She touched his cheek and felt her heart melt. At the same time, she steeled herself for what was to come, fuelled by the powerful love of a mother. 
Vivian in the present has to be strong, unlike Vivian in the past. Only by being strong and powerful was she able to protect Larry, the Morrison name, and herself. 
… 
The next day, Vivian brought Sarah and Charlie, the photographer from the magazine company to Norton Corporation. Prior to that, Mark had an appointment with the magazine company. 
“Alright, please have a seat. I will notify Mr. Norton,” the receptionist said when Vivian explained their purpose for visiting. 
They nodded and took their seats on the couch.
Soon after, the receptionist came over. “Mr. Norton is expecting you in his office,” she said with a polite smile. “Please follow me.” 
They entered the elevator. The higher up it went, the more Vivian felt her anxiety dissipate. Today is the day. 
Mark awaited them with a big smile in his office. The opening of the hotel was undoubtedly the biggest project in a few years undertaken by Norton Corporation. Mark had put in a lot of effort in gaining the approval of the numerous relevant departments to make that happen. 
Everything was in place. They just needed to make a media appearance to officially set this in motion. He foresaw the possibility of redirecting the traffic of the entire city to the street of the hotel once it opens. 
Hmm! He and he alone made all of this happen. Finnick did not lift a finger. When the hotel is officially opened, his position within Norton Corporation will be secured once and for all. Finnick would not stand a chance to contest against him to lead. 
Mark’s thoughts were interrupted by a knock on his door. He hurriedly rearranged his features into a welcoming smile. 
“Come in.” 
“Mr. Norton, the interviewers are here. Where would you like to conduct the interview?” the curvy receptionist asked coquettishly. 
“Let’s do it here in my office. Let them in,” Mark said distractedly as he studied her body with lust-filled eyes. 
“Right away, Mr. Norton,” she replied. She wiggled her buttocks and winked at him before departing.
Mark tugged at his tie in an attempt to subdue his urges. Little minx. You’re in for a rough night later. 
Vivian was brought to Mark’s office promptly. At the sight of the stern and prim man on his throne, the facade of a successful entrepreneur, Vivian sneered grimly to herself. 
At first sight, Mark felt like he’d seen Vivian before. He took a closer look and leaped out of his chair. “Vivian William, it’s you!” 
“It’s an honor to me for you to remember me, Mr. Norton,” Vivian said wryly. “It’s been five years, hasn’t it?” “And it’s Vivian Morrison now. Mr. Norton, does the sight of me surprise you? Is it your conscience speaking?” 
Mark had heard that Vivian William returned to the country and seemingly transformed herself into the heiress of the Morrison family. But he did not take much notice of that. She had divorced Finnick, anyway. He didn’t have to bother himself with her anymore. 
But he did not expect to meet her again under these circumstances. Shouldn’t she be in a high-ranking position within Morrison Group? What business did she have with a magazine company? 
And what did she mean by conscience? Could it be possible that she had found out that her kidnapping was orchestrated by Evelyn and himself? 
Mark was instantly wary of the interview.
###Chapter 589
Chapter 589 
“Ms. Morrison, we were once family. How could I forget? And what’s all this talk about consciences?” Mark had been in the retail industry for years; he knew a thing or two about keeping up appearances. “Please, have a seat.” He gestured. 
Vivian did not attempt to hide her disdain. With a scathing look at Mark, she sat down on the couch directly across from him. 
He was much nearer to her now. He noticed that she had indeed become much prettier than she used to be. So the rumors were true. 
Silky long hair, pristine features, her body clad in a professional-looking romper; she looked comfortable yet without shortages in elegance. He was struck in awe when she first entered. She was unrecognizable. 
That’s strange. He’d never thought of her as much of a beauty before. When he first learned that Finnick had decided to marry her, he had jested at their expense. An ugly girl with a paraplegic was a match made in heaven. 
However, she was now beautiful! 
He would go as far as to say that Evelyn in the past is comparable to Vivian in the present. 
Vivian caught Mark studying her like a piece of meat and couldn’t help suppressing a wave of nausea. “Mr. Norton, can we get started with the interview?” she asked coldly. 
“Of course.” Mark tore his eyes off of her and sat upright. Nevertheless, he remained watchful of her out of the corner of his eye.
Sarah and Charlie were ready. Vivian started the interview. “Mr. Norton, is there a confirmed opening date of the hotel? How are the preparations coming along?” 
“Our hotel is scheduled to be opened in late September,” Mark reported, looking pleased. “The design team’s preparations of the structure’s blueprints are in full swing and right on schedule. We are confident that Norton Corporation has designed the finest, largest, and best-equipped hotel in S City. It will be a landmark of our fine city for generations to come.” 
“Really? Would we have the opportunity to witness that?” Vivian said in a sarcastic tone. 
“Ms. Morrison, what do you mean?” Mark asked as he controlled his rising temper. 
She does not know her place. He gave the magazine company an opportunity for an exclusive interview with him, and she disrespects him? 
“Nothing, just feeling awestruck,” Vivian answered with a smile. She pressed on. “Though Norton Corporation is an influential brand, the opening of this hotel is admittedly just the first step. I would like to know if Norton Corporation has any expansion strategies in place yet?” 
“Our committee is currently promoting our grand opening on media platforms. We are also conducting sales calls. It’s a strategy to bolster our presence both online and offline. In addition to that, we have various fundraisers in place to promote the hotel as we speak.” 
Mark felt the smile he had to put on was starting to strain his face, but he persevered. He also had to constantly remind himself that he was not being interviewed by the individual Vivian William, but the media she represents. He had his image and reputation to maintain. 
“It really is unexpected for someone like you, Mr. Norton, to be hosting fundraisers. I was under the impression that you only operated in the dark with heinous measures to achieve despicable goals.”
Vivian could no longer hide her contempt. 
She had finally gone too far. Mark had lost all pretense as well. He slammed a fist on the table and shouted, “What is the meaning of this? What are you trying to do?” 
He finally broke! Vivian smirked. She turned to Sarah and Charlie. “Wait for me outside. I have some matters to discuss with Mr. Norton.” 
“Vivian…” Sarah looked at her with concern, unwilling to leave her in here alone. 
She helped with the investigation as well and knew that the interview would not go smoothly. If Mark lost his temper, Vivian could be harmed. 
“It’s alright, wait outside.” Vivian smiled reassuringly. 
After some hesitation, Sarah tugged at Charlie’s arm and they left together. Perhaps Vivian had something she would rather them not hear.
###Chapter 590
Chapter 590 
Only the two of them remained in the office. Vivian decided to cut to the chase and turned to face Mark. “You and Evelyn kidnapped me and tried to get someone to rape me five years ago, didn’t you?” 
It was more of an accusation than a question. 
Vivian’s glare was venomous. If Finnick hadn’t mistakenly thought that I’d been sexually assaulted, none of this would have happened! Larry wouldn’t be missing a father as soon as he was born! 
Panic flashed across Mark’s face for a split second, obviously not expecting that she would have any idea about his involvement in the case. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.” 
She scoffed internally. Of course, Mark would never admit to having done such a horrible thing so easily. 
No matter. She had come prepared and was determined to make this bastard admit the truth. 
“What? No balls to take responsibility for your own actions? If you don’t confess right now, I’ll have to resort to some extreme measures,” Vivian threatened. 
Mark looked down his nose in disdain at her, sneering, “’Extreme measures’? Try me. I’d like to know what you have up your sleeve.” 
If she thinks she can abuse her authority as a member of the Morrison family, she’s sorely mistaken. I barely care for Benedict, let alone her! 
Vivian opened up her bag and pulled out a file, slamming it down in front of him with a haughty smirk. 
“I think you should take a look at this before trying to defend your innocence, Mr. Norton.”
Glancing suspiciously up at her, he slowly picked up the file. Shock and rage flared up inside of him when he took a good look at its contents. 
“Where did you get this from?” 
The document was filled with information about how Mark had bribed the relevant authorities when opening his hotel. Everything, from the list of names to the bank transfer receipts, was printed as clear as day on the papers. 
“You forget that I’m a journalist and that I have my sources,” Vivian snickered. “Still plan on denying what you did all those years ago?” 
This was what she had asked Sarah, Jenny, and Hunter for help with a while ago. Fortunately, she had discovered something that could be used against Mark. 
“What do you want?” Mark stammered, his voice trembling slightly. 
He’d thought that she was just exaggerating in order to scare him into submission, but he never expected her to uncover all of this. If these documents were publicized, his plans for the hotel would go up in flames, and he would most certainly be thrown into jail for several years straight. 
By that point, he would have to pay for his crimes with all of his wealth and his dom, as well as cause the Norton Corporation to suffer a tremendous loss. 
In the worst-case scenario, I might even lose my life… 
He refused to imagine any further. 
“I want you to personally tell Finnick how you and Evelyn kidnapped me and set me up. I want you to tell him how you misled him to think that I’d been raped.”
Vivian’s entire body was shaking, but her voice was firm and clear as she spoke. She had to make the culprit who framed her for all these years be the one to clear her name. 
Mark’s heart was in his throat as he met Vivian’s furious gaze. This woman was clearly not the same pushover that they had manipulated to their will in the past. 
“Set you up? Rape? I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Mark insisted, although his face was already starting to pale. 
How could he tell Finnick the truth? Knowing the man’s personality, Finnick would never have mercy on him. He might even personally drag him to court! 
Finnick never cared for friendship or familial bonds, and would be bound to care even less under these circumstances! Mark couldn’t hope that he would forgive him based on the fact that they were brothers. 
Finnick was much more terrifying to deal with than Vivian. 
“Then I have no choice but to submit this evidence to a public prosecutor’s office. Maybe you’ll regain some of your memory during the police interrogation.” 
With that, Vivian turned around to leave. Only now did she come to the understanding that she couldn’t afford to be soft-hearted when dealing with someone like Mark, or else she would be the one who ended up getting hurt.
###Chapter 591
Chapter 591 
“Wait.” Mark rushed forward to stop her, his whole head dampened with sweat. 
Refusing to budge an inch, Vivian said calmly, “Did you finally remember what you did to me? Or do I have to call the police to assist you with the process?” 
“I’ll confess everything to Finnick, I swear,” he forced out through gritted teeth. “But how can I trust that you won’t blackmail me even after I’ve done what you asked me to?” 
“Are you trying to negotiate with me?” She raised an eyebrow. 
Mark held the file up in his hand. “I know that this isn’t the only copy you have. I want you to guarantee that you will destroy all traces of these documents after I tell Finnick the truth.” 
“No promises.” 
“You’re clearly trying to take advantage of me!” He flung the file onto the floor. 
“I’m not, but you have no right to be negotiating anything with me,” Vivian pointed out, narrowing her eyes. “If you don’t agree to my terms, I will submit these documents as evidence. If you do agree, then only will I consider letting you off the hook.” 
“I’m warning you, Vivian,” Mark growled out, a vein popping in the corner of his forehead. “I’ve kidnapped you once, and I can do it again. If I stop you from leaving the Norton Corporation building, then you won’t be able to expose me!” 
“Do you think that I’m an idiot?” Scoffing, Vivian took a look at her watch. “If I do not exit this building within an hour from now on, all these documents will be published online. I’m only giving you one chance; take it or leave it.”
Mark’s hands clenched into fists by his sides. 
Didn’t this woman use to be so dumb that Evelyn could easily play her like a fiddle? How and where did she learn to have backup plans like that? 
Completely disregarding the glare that was burning into her, Vivian turned to level Mark with a bored expression. “I already told you: I’m now Vivian Morrison. I’m not the na?ve, helpless Vivian William from before. You have no choice but to say ‘yes’.” 
Being threatened by a young woman like this was the most humiliating thing Mark had had to suffer in all of his life. But he couldn’t not agree. It was just like Vivian said: he had no choice. 
“Fine. I’ll go and confess to Finnick tomorrow. I hope you’ll carefully consider not publicizing this information, Ms. Morrison. Remember, even a harmless puppy will bite when it’s backed into a corner,” Mark spat out. 
The few sentences seemed to drain all the energy out of the man. He secretly swore that one day, he would get back at her. 
A puppy? Vivian wanted to laugh out loud. She didn’t think of Mark as a puppy at all. But she didn’t care even if he was a fierce tiger. She wasn’t scared. If anything, she would pluck out his fangs and claws one by one to ensure that he would never be able to hurt anyone else ever again. 
“Please make sure to properly tell Finnick everything without leaving anything out,” Vivian reiterated as she moved out of Mark’s way, heading for the exit. 
She stopped just before the door, glancing over her shoulder. “Remember, this is only the start. I will be seeking revenge for everything you did to me and my child.”
“Damn it!” Mark exploded as soon as she left the office, kicking over the desk in front of him. That proved insufficient to cool his frustration as he swept away everything in sight, sending them to crash onto the floor. 
“What’s wrong, Mr. Norton?” The secretary ran in, having heard the commotion from inside the office. She nearly jumped out of her skin at the chaotic sight that greeted her. 
“Get out!” roared Mark. “Leave me alone!” 
“Yes, of course…” 
The frightened secretary had never seen Mark in such a fit of rage before and immediately scurried out of the room. Even after she had fled a good distance away, she could still hear the loud sounds of s being smashed onto the ground.
###Chapter 592
Chapter 592 
I won’t lose my job, will I? The secretary thought, her face drained of blood and her legs shaking as she ran away. 
The next day, in Finnick’s office. 
The man was sitting at his desk reading through a document when there was a knock on the door. 
“Come in,” he responded without looking up. 
“You must be tired, Finnick. You should take a break; you can’t keep working like that.” 
A familiar woman’s voice spoke, her tone gentle and affectionate. 
Finnick furrowed his eyebrows at the sound of her voice. 
I thought it was my assistant. Why is it Evelyn? What is she doing in my office? 
“Why are you here?” Snapping the file shut, Finnick looked up at Evelyn coldly. 
Still in a wheelchair, her appearance had changed drastically. Today, she wore a long, white dress and had draped a wool blanket across her lap. Her light, natural makeup and long black hair spilling over her shoulders helped her appear innocent and kind. 
Upon hearing Finnick’s apathetic question, she bit her lower lip, eyes reddening slightly before pretending to gather her courage and lift her head. “I was worried that you might be tired from work, so I personally made your favorite braised short rib stew. Go on, try and have a taste.” 
Evelyn carefully opened the lunchbox she’d brought as she spoke, a fragrant aroma instantly filling the office. She nodded with satisfaction when she saw the succulent cut of ribs paired with the fresh,
decorative vegetables in the lunchbox. It truly looked like a five-star meal. 
Of course, she didn’t have the skills nor the patience to cook this; it had been prepared by her housemaid. 
But Finnick didn’t need to know about that. 
All he needed to know was that she cared for him, and that was it. 
Evelyn scooped some of the contents up in a spoon and held it up in front of him, coaxing softly, “It’s really delicious.” 
“Leave it there. I’m not hungry.” Finnick ignored her outstretched hand, leaving her to awkwardly ze mid-air for a while before she regained her composure. 
“Come on, Finnick. I poured so much effort into making this for you, the least you could do is try it,” pouted Evelyn, using her sweet tone of voice that usually never failed to melt any man who heard it. She made another attempt, leaning in close to Finnick as she held the spoon up. 
“I said, I’m not hungry.” Finnick turned his face away from her. “Next time, don’t randomly come to my office without reason. And you don’t need to deliver food to me either.” 
“Why?” Feeling indignant, Evelyn was a bit cross with him. “What did I do wrong? Why are you treating me like this?” 
“I already told you before: I’m only taking care of you because I feel guilty. I do not harbor any other feelings towards you. Don’t you feel that your actions have crossed the line? We’re not dating anymore!” 
Finnick’s patience had reached its limit, and he gave her an unfiltered piece of his mind.
“I don’t believe you! How could you not feel anything for me after all these years?” The cruel statement shocked Evelyn, causing her eyes to instantly fill with tears. “Was it Vivian? Did she bewitch you or something?” 
“What does any of this have to do with her?” Finnick sighed, fed up with her nonsense. 
“It has everything to do with her! If it weren’t for her, we would have gotten together a long time ago!” 
“Stop lying to yourself. I’m going to clear things up right now: I’m not dating you because I don’t like you, not because of Vivian. Even if Vivian wasn’t in the picture, I still wouldn’t date you!” 
Evelyn started sobbing even harder. How could that be? There’s no way! She had devoted herself to him for so many years and even sacrificed her legs for him! How was it possible that he hadn’t fallen in love with her? 
Finnick grew irritated at the sound of Evelyn’s crying. He was glad to have cleared up any possible misunderstandings. That way, she would stop hoping for anything to happen between them, and he was now able to set his own boundaries.
###Chapter 593
Chapter 593 
At that moment, the phone on Finnick’s desk started ringing. 
The receptionist’s voice rang out after he’d impatiently pressed the “answer” button. “Mr. Norton, Mr. Mark Norton is here to see you. Should I send him up?” 
“No.” Finnick hung up the call. 
Seeing Mark now would only add to his growing headache. One Evelyn was enough to deal with; he didn’t have the energy to deal with Mark as well. 
“Evelyn, we…” 
Ring… 
Finnick, about to clarify to Evelyn exactly what their relationship was, was interrupted by the phone ringing once more. 
“What is it now?” Finnick’s eyebrows knitted together as he picked up the phone. 
“Mr. Mark Norton insists on meeting you, sir. He said that he has something important regarding Vivian to tell you.” The receptionist’s voice tremored slightly as she passed on the information. Her boss sounded like he was in a bad mood, and she prayed with all her heart that he wouldn’t unleash his anger on her. 
Finnick hesitated upon the mention of Vivian’s name, curious as to why Mark would want to talk to him about her. 
“Send him up.”
Evelyn’s crying had subsided as she listened in on the call, her face falling slightly. She had a bad feeling about this. 
What does Mark want to talk to Finnick about? 
Soon, Finnick’s assistant led Mark into the office, who felt a slight twinge of guilt when he saw that Evelyn was here as well. 
When he had first agreed to help Evelyn kidnap Vivian, they had each harbored separate motives and reasons for doing so. And Evelyn had indeed kept her promise to him, helping him gain information that he used to blackmail the Finnor Group and caused them to suffer a great loss. If he confessed now, he would be throwing her under the bus. 
But he had no choice. If Vivian publicized the documents she had on hand, his career, future, and entire life would be ruined. 
“What about Vivian did you want to tell me?” Finnick cut to the chase, not bothering to get up or say any greetings. He only cared about what Mark had to say. 
If this was the old Mark, he would definitely point at Finnick and get all up in his face, screaming about how he should respect his elders, even though Mark himself was not exactly a perfect role model of a brother that deserved respect. 
The present Mark didn’t care about any of that. All he could think about was whether or not he should confess to his wrongdoings in front of Evelyn. 
In the end, he decided to prioritize his own well-being and his own greed, squirming as he opened his mouth to say, “I… I came today to tell you the truth about Vivian’s kidnapping all those years ago.”
Evelyn’s face instantly fell. What the hell does he think he’s doing? He, too, had been involved in her kidnapping back then! 
“Let the past stay in the past. What Vivian went through was truly pitiful, and it won’t do her any favors to bring it up again. Why don’t we just pretend that nothing ever happened?” 
Afraid that Mark was going to say something out of line, Evelyn interrupted him hurriedly. Her panic only served to pique Finnick’s suspicions. 
Back then, Mark had been the one who threatened him with the video clip of Vivian. Everything had went Mark’s way, and logically, Finnick had thought that Mark would never bring this topic up again. 
Besides that, Evelyn had reacted so strongly at the mention of Vivian’s kidnapping incident. Was there something she knew that he didn’t? 
“And what about Vivian’s kidnapping?” Finnick focused solely on Mark. His sharp, icy stare made Mark feel as though his younger brother was trying to read his mind. 
“Finnick, it’s all in the past. Let’s stop talking about this.” Evelyn wheeled herself to stop right in front of Finnick, forcing a smile. “I’m sure Vivian wouldn’t want us to discuss this either.” 
Finnick ignored her completely, only looking right at Mark. If Mark had come all the way here to say his piece, it was unlikely that he would stop halfway. 
Mark knew that there was no way back for him anymore. Turning to Evelyn, Mark declared, “Evelyn had plotted with me to kidnap Vivian, and Evelyn was the one who filmed the video clip of Vivian!”
###Chapter 594
Chapter 594 
“You’re lying!” Evelyn screeched, her face paling as she looked at Finnick. “Finnick, you can’t trust him! He’s trying to frame me! Vivian’s kidnapping had nothing to do with me, I swear!” 
“Shut up.” There was no outburst of anger, nor any loud roar of discontent. Finnick just calmly directed that simple phrase towards Evelyn before turning back to Mark. “Continue.” 
His voice sounded calm, but his slightly trembling body and tightly clenched fists betrayed the fury inside of him. What is all this? 
“Back then, Evelyn wanted to break you and Vivian up, so she contacted me to plan Vivian’s kidnapping together. Evelyn also promised me that if the plan succeeded, she would help me obtain your share in the Norton Corporation.” 
“Liar! I said no such thing!” Evelyn was at a loss for what to do, resorting to continuously interrupting Mark loudly and trying to signal him to stop in a way that Finnick couldn’t see. 
But when Mark remembered how Vivian had threatened him yesterday, he could only go on. 
“I agreed and also helped transport Vivian to the warehouse. Evelyn hired four random men to rape Vivian, but Benedict came to Vivian’s rescue right before it could happen.” 
“I never did that! Stop lying!” Evelyn tried to lunge forward to physically stop Mark from talking any further, but Finnick reached out and gripped the handles of her wheelchair tightly. 
“Continue,” Finnick growled out. There was a ticking time bomb inside of him, ready to explode at any moment.
A little intimidated by Finnick’s hostile aura, Mark swallowed the lump in his throat. “Later, Evelyn misled you to think that Vivian had been raped in order to drive a wedge between you two. She also paid off the doctor that had examined Vivian to lie to you about the results. 
“She told me that as long as you believed that Vivian was no longer pure, you would hold that grudge against her forever and that regardless of whatever Vivian did, you two would eventually break up because of a lack of trust.” 
In an attempt to decrease Finnick’s anger towards him, Mark made sure to tell him exactly what Evelyn had said, word for word. 
“No! That’s not true!” Evelyn whipped around, tugging on Finnick’s arm to get his attention. 
“Don’t believe him, Finnick! He’s lying! How could I ever do such a thing to you? You know that he dislikes you; he must have spun this huge web of lies to break us up and ruin our relationship! You can’t believe him! He’s talking rubbish!” 
Finnick didn’t push her away, instead choosing to stare into her eyes as if searching her soul. 
Is this the same girl I was in love with when I was younger? Is this the person I’ve been taking care of out of guilt for five years? How could she do such a thing to Vivian? 
“I’ve brought the doctor who examined Vivian as well. He’s waiting outside. You’ll know whether or not I’m ‘talking rubbish’ if you ask him.” 
Worried that Finnick might not believe him, Mark really had gone to the hospital yesterday to search for the doctor from five years ago. At first, the doctor refused to bear witness to the incident, but Mark threatened to spread the story of how he had accepted a bribe to lie about a patient’s condition to the patient’s friends and family.
If the news broke, it would ruin his career. So, the doctor had no choice but to agree to accompany Mark to Finnick’s office. 
Evelyn nearly had a panic attack when she heard about the doctor, sobbing, “I don’t know any doctor! He must have paid someone off to frame me! Finnick, please don’t believe them! This is a trap!” 
She tried to cling onto his arm, but Finnick pushed it away violently. “Let the doctor in. I want to hear what he has to say,” he ordered, his tone of voice cold enough to ze hell over. 
Mark quickly pulled out his phone and dialed a number. Not long after, a middle-aged doctor with a beer belly knocked on the door and entered the office.
###Chapter 595
Chapter 595 
“Tell me whether or not my wife was sexually assaulted five years ago,” Finnick demanded, his fists clenching as he leveled the man in front of him with a steely gaze. 
Although the doctor had grown quite plump, Finnick still immediately recognized him as the same doctor who had told him that Vivian had, indeed, been assaulted. 
“No, no. Your wife hadn’t been raped, sir,” the doctor affirmed quickly, clearly intimidated by Finnick. After all these years, this Mr. Norton guy had somehow grown even more terrifying than when they had last met. His knees nearly went weak just from the force of Finnick’s glare. 
Wiping away the sweat on his forehead, the doctor gestured to Evelyn. “It’s all this lady’s work. She asked me to lie to you and gave me a huge amount of money. I only agreed because I wanted the money, so please have some mercy on me. I have a large family to provide for; I can’t lose my job at the hospital.” 
“N-No! You’re lying!” Evelyn shrieked at the top of her lungs, nearly on the verge of pulling her hair out. “I don’t even know who you are! This is all nonsense!” 
“Don’t try to push the blame onto me, young lady,” the doctor protested. “You gave me a sum of money to lie to this man here that his wife had been raped. So as to not make him suspicious, you even made me tell him that his wife had developed selective amnesia as a result of the stress she had gone through, as well as made me tell everyone that it was best not to ask her about what happened in case it would trigger her trauma. 
“I did everything exactly as you said, so how could you accuse me of lying now? I’m not going to take the fall for you.”
“No, no… You’re lying, you’re all lying…” Evelyn was at a loss for words, only able to repeat that sentence over and over. All of her plans and efforts to make Finnick love her had come crashing down in a mere matter of minutes. 
How did things turn out this way? Why is Mark suddenly confessing to Finnick? What the hell is going on here? 
Watching Evelyn’s reaction, Finnick was now fully convinced that Mark and the doctor were telling the truth. 
But how was this possible? Why did the truth turn out to be this, of all things? For the first time in his life, Finnick didn’t know what to do. 
If Vivian hadn’t been raped, then this meant that the child in her stomach… was mine! Finnick wanted nothing more than to slap himself across the face, right then and there. 
All the memories suddenly came flooding back to him. He remembered when Vivian happily broke the news that she was pregnant; he remembered her pained, disappointed eyes when he’d told her that he didn’t want the child; he remembered how she had desperately pleaded for him to believe her, to believe that the child was his; he remembered how she’d tried to convince him that Evelyn had framed her… 
In response, not only did he choose to not believe her and do all he could to protect her and her child, he had badgered her over and over again to abort the baby. 
It’s all my fault! If he hadn’t put her through that torture, the baby that he and Vivian had so eagerly anticipated would not have died. Her miscarriage would have never happened. 
God, their first child together had died in their mother’s womb because of his mistake. The baby didn’t even get a chance to open their eyes and take a look at the world around them…
“Finnick, I came here today to explain everything that happened. You believe me, right? And…” 
Finnick’s furious roar interrupted Mark. 
“Get out!” He had finally blown his top off, grabbing the phone on his desk and hurling it at Mark. “Get out of my sight! I’ll deal with you later!” 
Mark looked displeased at getting hit by the telephone. 
No one had ever thrown something at him like that before. Even when his grandpa had gotten mad at him as a child, he had only ever scolded him verbally. Who did Finnick think he was to treat him this way? 
Mark wished he could go up and punch Finnick right in the face, but today’s situation was a special one. He had dug himself into this hole, and Vivian still had proof of his bribery case. 
Fine. Mark’s hands balled into fists. There would be other chances to get back at Finnick. The most important thing for him to do now was to find Vivian and tell her that he’d done as she’d told him to. Hopefully, she wouldn’t publicize the documents. If she did, he would make sure to drag her down to hell with him.
###Chapter 596
Chapter 596 
Shooting daggers at Finnick, Mark suppressed his roiling anger and left. 
He swore to seek revenge for today’s humiliation. 
Be it Finnick or Vivian, none of them will escape unscathed! I’ll make them pay for what they did! 
The doctor made a hasty exit after Mark, too scared to be in the same space as Finnick. 
Is the whole ordeal over? Nothing will happen to my career, will it? Can’t the two gentlemen just disregard my presence and pretend I didn’t exist? 
Immense regret swelled within him. He should have never agreed to participate in the first place. Karma did not let him off easy—it just was not his time yet. For the past five years, the incident had been buried so well that it faded from his memory. Who would have thought that it would be unearthed at a time as such? 
Only Finnick and Evelyn were left in the office, but the atmosphere was a world’s difference from before. 
Finnick remained quiet ever since his sudden outburst. In fact, he did not even spare Evelyn a glance. He sat in silence with his head bowed. It was impossible to tell what was running through his mind. 
This side of Finnick was even more frightening to Evelyn. She had grown up with Finnick and spent the past five years with him, so she understood him to a certain degree. 
If he yelled at her, it meant that somewhere deep down in him, he still yearned to trust her. But now? Now, he refused to speak or even acknowledge her presence. Is he convinced that I’m the perpetrator? Is this the calm before the storm? What will he do to me?
No, I can’t lose Finnick! She was no longer the princess of the Morrison family. She had thrown away everything she had for Finnick—her ability to walk, her identity, and her luxurious lifestyle! 
She would have nothing left if she lost Finnick’s protection and her status as Mrs. Norton. How will I push through the rest of my life? 
Fear shook her body as her mind swam with intrusive thoughts. She rolled her wheelchair towards Finnick and implored, “Finnick, you have to trust me. I didn’t do any of this! We grew up together. You know me. You understand me best! You know that I’m not capable of something so foul. Please believe me; you’ve always believed me! Please trust me again this time.” 
“It must have been Vivian! She must have bribed Mark and that doctor to sabotage me! She wants you back, which is why she’s framing me! Finnick, you can’t fall for her lies! Don’t get tricked!” 
“Did you forget how she slashed my face because of envy? You saw the video with your own eyes. You have to believe that it’s real. She was never a good person. She purposely—” 
“Shut up!” Finnick bellowed, cutting Evelyn off. He was positively livid. The truth had surfaced, and yet Evelyn still had the audacity to vilify Vivian. Does she take me for a fool? 
All he could feel now was agonizing heartache. 
It had taken him five years to finally see the true colors of his so-called first love, the woman he had grown up with and vowed to cherish for the rest of his life! 
It was too late now. 
The belated apprehension did him no good, for the despicable woman before him had hurt the love of his life!
It was only at this moment that he finally realized how greatly Vivian had suffered because of Evelyn. 
See with my own eyes? 
Indeed, he had watched the video clip sent by Mark with his own eyes, but look at how things ended— he put too much trust in what he saw and wrongly accused Vivian! 
And what about last time? 
What Evelyn claimed happened at the café—was that also a misunderstanding on my part? Could it be that the gash was not inflicted upon her by Vivian but rather a product of Evelyn’s own doing so she could frame Vivian? 
Finnick drowned in resentment for himself as fragments of memories began to resurface. 
How did I react that time? Vivian had begged him to trust her, sobbing inconsolably as she explained that Evelyn had tripped on purpose to frame her, but he refused to believe her. Instead, he launched into an angry tirade, saying that she had been blinded by jealousy. After that…
###Chapter 597
Chapter 597 
to believe that the child she carried was his. He persuaded her over and over again to abort it. She must have been frightened back then. She must have hoped fervently that I would trust her, that I would protect her and our child. 
But I was a b*stard. I never accepted that child as my own. Even after I conceded for Vivian’s sake, I never loved the child. That was his biological child, his firstborn. Yet, Finnick had abhorred the innocent child, loathing that the child had lived. 
Afterward, his prayers came true—the child ceased to exist before it had the chance to see the world. Finnick would never know how that unborn child would grow up to look like. He wondered if it was a boy or a girl. 
Finally, Vivian was disappointed in him. She left him and the country altogether, heading to a foreign country to start afresh. 
When she came back years later, she was no longer the Vivian William he knew. The woman who returned was Vivian Morrison. Gone was the gentle, sweet woman, and in her place was a stranger who regarded him with indifference. 
It is what it is. Finnick chuckled ruefully. I was the one who drove her away from me. It was me; it has always been me! 
He recalled an incident where he reproached her because of Fabian. “A trick to seduce men,” he had lashed out. He couldn’t believe that he had said such degrading words to her. 
Did I let my eyes blind my judgement? Was that yet another incident where I let my assumptions overshadow the truth? Is that why she was so enraged?
Finnick wished he could punch himself in the face. I am an a**hole, the scum of the earth! 
He leveled a stare at Evelyn, his eyes so cold that it turned her blood to frost. “I’ll ask you one last time —what exactly happened? Think it through before you reply. This is your last chance to redeem yourself.” 
When Evelyn noticed the rage blazing in Finnick’s eyes, she finally came to terms that nothing she said would save her. Finnick had lost all faith in her. He would only detest her more if she continued to deny it. 
“Yes, I did all of it,” she broke down and admitted. Tears streamed down her face as she wept in anguish. “But I did it all for you, Finnick. It’s because I love you so much. I was so scared that I would lose you that I resorted to such petty methods. Can you forgive me this once?” 
“Love me?” Finnick repeated cynically. “How dare you claim to love me!” 
“There’s nothing I don’t dare to say! I love you, and that’s the truth. I’ve only ever loved you for all these years.” Evelyn’s eyes were crazed as she rasped, “I knew you first, and I loved you first! What right does Vivian have to be with you? How is she better than me? Nothing about her is worthy of being with you!” 
“Even if that were true, you shouldn’t have done something so horrendous. Are you even the Evelyn I know? Since when you became this vile?” Disappointment seeped through his fierce tone. 
Fear gripped Evelyn’s throat when she heard Finnick’s harsh description of her. 
She could not let Finnick view her as conniving. Her life would be over once she was labeled as such. 
“That’s not true! Finnick, you can’t say that about me. I’m not a horrible person; I was just overwhelmed by jealousy. I know now that what I did was wrong. Please forgive me, won’t you?” Evelyn reached out
to grasp Finnick’s hand, but he flung her outstretched hand away. 
“Finnick, I can’t live without you. I’m nothing without you. I’ve already lost my legs; I can’t lose you as well.” 
“Finnick, you are the reason I can’t walk now! You can’t abandon me! You promised me. You swore that you would be by my side forever. You can’t go back on your words so easily!” 
Obstinate as she was, she made another attempt to sway Finnick, tugging on his arm as she beseeched him to give her another chance. 
Fueled with contempt for Evelyn, Finnick pried his arm of her death grip. Perhaps the Evelyn he knew had died. He could not recognize the woman before him, and he had no intention to know her.
###Chapter 598
Chapter 598 
A pang of pity stabbed Finnick when he glimpsed Evelyn’s legs, which had shriveled up over time. When he got to the bottom of it, it was undeniable that his mistake had resulted in her paraplegia. He was the reason Evelyn had to spend the rest of her life in a wheelchair. 
“Your disability is a punishment for all your wrongdoings. I won’t hound you for what happened that year. From now on, we’re even. I don’t owe you anything, and neither do you, I. I have nothing to do with you starting today.” 
Having said his piece, Finnick promptly turned to leave. Now that he had made things clear, he did not want to spend another second with the woman. 
“You can’t do this to me! Finnick, you can’t abandon me!” Evelyn screeched. She lunged forward to grab Finnick, but his strides were so wide that he became out of her reach. The sudden momentum caused her to lose her balance, and she toppled out of her wheelchair. 
Refusing to give up, Evelyn crawled forward on her arms, her limp legs dragging behind her like dead weight. She clung to the hem of Finnick’s trousers, crying, “Finnick, you can’t treat me this way! I have nothing without you. You’re all I have now. I’m begging you, don’t leave me. You can’t leave me. I lost my legs because of you. You’re the reason I’m in this pathetic state! You can’t just say that you’re done with me. How am I supposed to get through the rest of my life? How will I live…” 
Weighed down by Evelyn, Finnick’s footsteps came to a halt. Although sympathy flashed across his face, his conviction stood firm. He could not let such a venomous woman stay by his side. 
“Evelyn Morrison, I’ve given you five years of care, separation from Vivian, and my firstborn. These are the punishments I have to bear for my mistakes. You can’t guilt-trip with your disability. I’ve already paid my price. I don’t owe you anything anymore.”
Finnick took a strong step forward and left the office without a backward glance. 
Evelyn bawled as Finnick disappear from her line of sight, her pain and heartbreak pouring out in wails. 
All my years of hard work, gone in seconds. Indignance rose within her. This is not the end! 
Evelyn’s cries penetrated the office walls and invaded Finnick’s ears. Irritated, he pulled out his phone and made a call to Noah. 
“Evelyn’s in my office now. Do whatever it takes to make her leave. I don’t want to see her in the office when I return.” 
With that, Finnick hung up and strode out of the building. 
There was something else that demanded his attention. Mark’s behavior today was far too peculiar. He was not one to come clean about his wrongdoings without prompt, which meant that there was a deadlier secret lurking in the dark, and Finnick had to expose it quickly. 
As things were today, he would die before he let anything harm Vivian. 
Noah immediately understood the situation after receiving Finnick’s call. Only Evelyn’s heinous actions could spur such intense emotion from Finnick, which meant he had uncovered her secrets. 
The juxtaposition of elation and distress caused unease to settle in Noah’s stomach. He was glad that Finnick finally saw through Evelyn’s facade, but at the same time, worry that Finnick knew about his involvement plague Noah. 
He didn’t find out, did he? He wouldn’t have instructed me to deal with Evelyn if he did. 
Reassured by his own rationale, Noah rushed to Finnick’s office, hoping to get to the bottom of things.
The first thing Noah noticed when he entered the office was Evelyn’s prostrate form on the floor. Her shoulder shook as she wept, overtaken by misery. The scene should have been one that garnered empathy, but satisfaction filled Noah instead. 
Women like her deserve to be punished! 
Evelyn could sense another presence in the room. She eagerly lifted her head, thinking that Finnick had come back for her. I knew that he isn’t so cold-hearted! I knew he would never abandon me. 
The disappointment was a great fall from her high hopes. Dismay turned into fury when she realized that the person before her was Noah. “What are you doing here? Where’s Finnick? Bring him here! I want to see him!” she shrieked. 
Disgust brimming in his eyes, Noah coldly relayed Finnick’s message, “Mr. Norton said that he never wants to see you again. I suggest you leave immediately.”
###Chapter 599
Chapter 599 
“Impossible! Why would Finnick refuse to see me? He loves me! He cares for me, or he wouldn’t have taken care of me all these years. Liars, you’re all liars!” Evelyn was losing her grip on her sanity. 
“A nightmare—this must be a nightmare!” A delusional smile spread across Evelyn’s face as she struck her head with clenched fists. “Wake up! Stop dreaming! I hate this dream!” 
Pain surged through Evelyn, confirming that she was wide awake. She crumpled on the ground in sorrow. “How did it turn out like this? Why does it hurt? This is a dream; I shouldn’t feel pain.” 
Evelyn’s manic behaviour left Noah stunned. 
“What happened? What did Mr. Norton find out?” Noah’s own voice snapped him back to reality. He was in such a daze that he did not realize he had voiced his concern until the words hung in the air. 
The careless question had lit a fuse, igniting Evelyn. 
“’What happened’? How dare you ask me what happened? Mark exposed the fact that I was the one who hired men to assault Vivian, and it’s all because of your negligence! Why didn’t you find out sooner? Why did you let him in?” Her incensed screeches pierced the air. 
“Why would he suddenly bring this up? Be honest, did you seek him out? Traitors! You’re a bunch of traitors who betrayed me!” 
Evelyn loathed anyone she could blame. In her mind, their incompetence had soiled her plans, and by association, ruined her life. 
“You were the one who set up Mrs. Norton’s assault?” Noah exclaimed, floored by her confession. He knew that the kidnapping was related to Mark, but he never made the connection to Evelyn.
So she has been mistreating Mrs. Norton since then! This woman is unforgivable and rotten to the core! How could she commit such a horrendous crime toward another woman? 
“What do you mean ‘Mrs. Norton’? Didn’t I warn you to stop addressing her that way when you’re talking to me?” Evelyn growled, on the brink of going mad. “That wh*re is unworthy of that title. She should have been defiled by those beggars back then and wallow in agony for the rest of her life! No, I take that back; she shouldn’t live at all! She deserves to die!” 
Noah’s chest heaved with vexation when he heard Evelyn cursing Vivian. He chuckled humorlessly and rubbed salt into her wound, “You’ve had it coming for you ever since you committed those inhumane crimes. Now that Mr. Norton refuses to see you, you have no one to blame but yourself.” 
“I’ve had it coming?” Evelyn burst into deranged laughter, her voice shrill. “You must think that you’re so high and mighty. What right do you have to mock me? Don’t forget that you threatened Vivian into aborting the fetus. Do you think that you’ll be in a better position than me when Finnick finds out?” 
Noah’s expression darkened. She’s right. Who am I to ridicule her when I had inflicted harm upon Vivian as well? 
At the same time, he felt his anxiety dissipate marginally. Based on Evelyn’s words, Noah figured that Finnick was still unaware of his involvement. 
The conflicting emotions churned within Noah. He no longer wanted to be under Evelyn’s thumb. Her blackmail hung over his head, ready to fall and crush him at any given moment. However, he was also not ready for Finnick to discover that he had caused Vivian so much pain. He was in a huge dilemma, his conflicting thoughts tearing him apart. He was at a loss as to what he should do next. 
Evelyn relished at the sight of Noah’s anguished expression and began to calm down. It was almost as if her pain would only diminish if she saw another person suffering.
She channeled all her hurt into resentment for Vivian. It’s all her fault! Right from the start, Vivian has been the only impediment between me and Finnick! I can’t believe that someone as infuriating as she exists! 
Rachel should have strangled Vivian to death at birth. Why did she let the wh*re live? Now she’s after my status as the Morrisons’ most precious daughter and Finnick as well! 
Evelyn was emptied of all emotion but hate for Rachel and Vivian. They should die a painful death and suffer in hell! 
It was the only way she could feel relief. Only after they perish would she be able to lead a happy life.
###Chapter 600
Chapter 600 
‘You must feel relieved that Finnick has no idea about what you did,” Evelyn taunted Noah after composing herself. 
“I’m warning you—don’t even think about keeping yourself clean. If you want to hide it from Finnick, your only option is to help me. If not, I’ll go to Finnick right now and spill all of your dirty secrets. I can’t wait to see how he would treat his most trusted right-hand man.” 
Panic shot through Noah when he heard her threats. “W-What do you want?” he stammered. He knew that this woman was not above getting blood on her hands now that she had been sent over the edge. 
Evelyn gave Noah a side-eye and sneered at his cowardice. “The game is not over yet. They still have a long way to go before winning me!” 
After leaving the company building, Finnick rang up a private investigator he knew personally and asked him to investigate if anything unusual had happened to Mark recently. 
“I also need your help with sourcing something. It concerns…” 
Finnick’s eyes glinted with menace after ending the call. He would not let Mark off easy this time round. It was about time Mark bore the consequences of his foolish decisions. 
Finnick pulled out of the parking lot and roamed around with no destination in mind. 
He slowly drove past numerous shops. Whenever he passed a familiar shop, a flashback related to Vivian would pop up involuntarily. 
Vivian used to love the pork ribs from this restaurant. She once mentioned that she liked the aesthetic of this studio because it gives of the retro vibes of the eighties. I remember that there’s a market
somewhere here; we bought our groceries there before. None of us are good cooks, but we enjoyed the meal nonetheless… 
Finnick pulled to a stop in front of a shop—Cindy’s Baby Store. 
He remembered distinctly that they had shopped at this baby store when they mistakenly thought Vivian to be pregnant. They had been happy then. 
Both of them had their eyes on a pair of shoes. At that time, they did not know the gender of the unborn child and bickered over whether blue or pink would be the better choice. 
How did I settle the argument? Finnick’s lips curved into a gentle smile at the fond memory—he had bought both pairs. 
In fact, he bought two of everything they fancied. Vivian reprimanded him, albeit good-naturedly, for wasting money. He then jokingly replied that he was making preparations in case she was carrying fraternal twins. 
After learning that Vivian was not pregnant, Finnick was worried that seeing the tiny clothes and shoes would upset Vivian, so he stowed them away in the storeroom. 
The bitter irony was that when Vivian actually got pregnant, Finnick never got the chance to shop for the baby with her. 
Finnick’s eyelids slid shut. He pressed on the corners of his eyes with his fingers, forcing his tears back. She must have felt helpless when I insisted on aborting the baby. 
Coincidentally, Rachel had been diagnosed with leukemia at that time. Knowing how filial Vivian was, Finnick was certain that she had kept the baby a secret from Rachel. Fighting a lonely battle must have been wearying and devastating.
Finnick could not bear to imagine how Vivian had endured such torment. He slammed a fist into the steering wheel to vent his debilitating remorse. Why? Why did I choose to trust Evelyn instead of Vivian? How big of an idiot am I? 
At this moment, Finnick’s phone buzzed, bringing him back to his senses. He collected himself before picking up. It was Noah on the other end. 
“What is it?” 
“Mr. Norton, Evelyn has left your office,” Noah reported. 
“Noted. I’m going back now.” 
With that, Finnick hung up and headed back to the company. There were some things that had to be dealt with quickly or he would not have the courage to face Vivian. 
Finnick found Noah waiting for him when he arrived at his office. 
“You’ll be in charge of anything regarding Evelyn in the future. Don’t let me see her,” Finnick instructed impassively as he took a seat.

###Chapter 601
Chapter 601 
“Yeah.” Noah knew that he was talking about Evelyn. 
Looking at the focused Finnick, Noah hesitated for a bit and asked, “Mr. Norton, should you go meet Mrs. Norton? Now that you know she was framed?” 
Perhaps a meet-up is necessary to resolve their misunderstandings. 
Noah didn’t want to go on lying to someone who trusted him so much. He was on the verge of going crazy if he continued hiding the truth from Finnick. 
But he did not have the courage to confess everything. He admitted that he was a coward. He did not want to face those predictable consequences. 
Finnick stopped whatever he was doing upon hearing Noah. He was overwhelmed with mixed emotions. 
“Not now. We’ll talk about it later.” Finnick broke the silence and said. “You can get back to work.” 
Noah felt caught in between. “Sure,” he acknowledged and left. He was a little hesitant but didn’t stop his pace nevertheless. 
Finnick tightened his grip on the pen as he pursed his lips. He was yearning to meet Vivian, embrace her tightly, and let her know how much he missed her. 
But he knew he was no right to do that now. He wanted to make Mark pay for the price. He had to take revenge for his dead child and punished every one of them who had hurt Vivian.
Only then would he be able to appear in front of her again to beg for her forgiveness. Yes, I will beg her. As long as she was willing to forgive, he was willing to stoop himself low. 
Ever since Mark had come clean with Finnick, he had never been able to live in peace. He tried contacting Vivian, but not only did she not picked up, neither did she try to contact him back. 
He wasn’t sure what Vivian meant by ignoring his calls. Would she actually hand his bribery evidence to the police? Mark really wasn’t able to sleep well in the past few nights. Whenever he shuts his eyes, he’d dream of getting arrested and would jolt up from sleep to find himself soaking in perspiration. 
Even so, he still saw a glimpse of hope. He believed that Vivian might choose to forgive him since nothing had happened after so many days. After all, he had acted according to her requests. 
No, to be safe, he had to come up with a way to get those documents from her. 
What do I do to tie up all the loose ends? Mark suddenly had an evil thought. As long as Vivian is no longer around, he’d never have to worry anymore. 
He figured he needed to come up with a marvelous plan, one that would ensure only success and no failure. 
With that, he finally felt better. He was then able to get a night of better sleep without those frightening dreams. However, a hard bang on the door broke Mark from his sleep at this very moment. 
He opened his eyes and got off the bed angrily. Upon opening his bedroom door, Fabian was standing in front of him, looking panicky. 
“Why the ruckus so early in the morning?” Mark’s voice was filled with rage.
“Dad,” Fabian couldn’t be bothered with anything else. “The cops are here to look for you. What’s this all about?” 
He’d only left for a morning jog and saw a police car coming into the neighborhood. He then took a second look out of curiosity, only to see the car stopping right in front of their house. 
Fabian hurried home at the sight of it and overheard the police issuing a warrant to arrest his father. 
He was lost as he had no idea what actually happened, but he knew he had to wake his father up. 
Mark’s face turned pale the moment he heard Fabian’s words. What else could it be for the police to be looking for him at this time! 
It must be that cunning wretch! He was sure Vivian had passed the evidence to the police. 
Watching Mark stayed in silence, Fabian got even more nervous. “Dad, please tell me what exactly happened? Why are the cops here for you?”
###Chapter 602
Chapter 602 
“Damn! It had to be Vivian. Such a cunning woman who failed to keep to her words…” Mark had yet to finish his line when the police came up the stairs for him. 
“You’re Mark Norton? A mister named Finnick has reported that you’re involved in a bribery case. Please follow us back for assistance on further investigations.” 
Finnick? 
Mark was a little dumbfounded. 
It wasn’t Vivian who made a report? 
How did Finnick know about it? And what was the reason behind this report? They are a family! Norton Corporation would also be affected if anything were to happen to Mark. 
But there was no time to spare. The police grabbed on to him and brought him downstairs into the car. 
Fabian could only watch as the police took his father away. He was not able to react to what the police just mentioned. 
Bribing the officials? How would it be possible that his father had done such a thing? 
On the other side, Vivian was at the magazine company when Sarah suddenly rushed into her office. “Vivian! Have you heard about it? Mark has been arrested!” 
“What!” Vivian was a little shocked. How can it be? She could not understand how Mark was arrested since she did not hand the evidence to the police.
Sarah knew Vivian hadn’t heard of this news by the looks on her face. “Go take a look if you haven’t. The news is now all over the internet. Everyone’s talking about it.” 
Vivian looked at how anxious Sarah was and decided to turn on her laptop and searched the web for it. News of Mark’s arrest was indeed all over the internet. 
Scrolling through the page, Vivian saw more of Mark’s crimes being exposed, including the disposal of toxic wastes in residential areas and adulterating harmful substances in medicinal products and milk powder that were detrimental to the human body. 
The comments section was even more heated. The netizens were crazily leaving nasty comments about Mark. 
“This bastard is the worst out of the whole lot! How could he even fake medicines and baby products? Is he not afraid of karma?” 
“He doesn’t even spare the kids. I’m praying that his descendants will suffer!” 
“Woah, let’s not blame the innocent. I’m only cursing Mark Norton. This toxic man will only bring harm to the public. He should be jailed forever.” 
“They’re actually using consumers’ money for their collusion to benefit themselves! We need to boycott Norton Corporation and its products! We don’t need such unethical corporations!” 
“Who knows where will Mark be convicted? I’m gonna prepare a whole truckload of rotten eggs for him!” 
“Oh no! I’ve bought this brand of milk powder for my child. Will there be any problems? Somebody, please help me!”
“Damn, I’m staying in that affected neighborhood. Will I die earlier? What has that jerk been fed with that’d made him so evil!” 
Looking at the comments, Vivian was actually feeling rather relieved. 
She was glad that the public finally knew what kind of person Mark was. Having caused such a huge commotion amongst the public, he definitely had to serve a jail term. She thought she’d finally seek revenge for Larry and her. 
But at the same time, she was a little puzzled. If it isn’t me, who else would have reported Mark? Only Hunter and she knew about this matter. Could it be him? But she figured that he would have informed her about it. 
“Were you the one who spilled this, Vivian?” Sarah asked in curiosity. Which was why Sarah would think that way as Vivian had once asked her to investigate Mark. 
Sarah was only full of admiration for Vivian. She was just like a heroine who saved the day by having Mark get convicted by law. 
Vivian found Sarah’s expression a little funny. “It wasn’t me, but I think I know who did it.”
###Chapter 603
Chapter 603 
“Since you know who did it, I’m sure you have contributions to this Mark’s arrest too. Vivian. I’m really impressed with you!” 
Vivian laughed and shook her head. In a joking tone, she replied, “You have done your part too. Remember you’re the one who found the clues?” 
“Really?” Sarah grinned while jumping in excitement. “Oh yeah, I was the first to find out! I’m so impressed with myself too!” 
Vivian found it really funny. “Alright, Sarah. I still have things to do. You should get back to work too.” 
“Sure. I shan’t bother you now,” Sarah replied gladly and left the office. 
Sarah’s happiness was so contagious that Vivian felt it too. At the end of the day, it was still a good thing. The only question she had was if Hunter was indeed the one who reported. 
Thinking about it, Vivian decided to call Hunter. 
“Hunter, were you the one who reported Mark?” Vivian questioned him directly. 
Hunter was a little confused. He saw the news that was all over the internet too. “Nope, I would’ve discussed it with you if I’m doing it.” 
“Then, who was it?” Vivian frowned slightly. “If it wasn’t you, nor me, then who could it be? Who else knew about it?” 
Falling in deep thoughts, Hunter suddenly replied, “I think I know who that is, Vivian.” 
“Who?” Vivian questioned anxiously.
“I think it’s Finnick. An attorney friend of mine told me some time ago that someone has asked him to carry out an investigation on Mark. I asked him out of curiosity, and he said it was Finnick. So I guess he’s the one. Though I’m not sure why he would do that.” 
Vivian was a little stunned. 
Finnick was the one who reported to the police? 
But they were brothers. Could it be because of the inheritance? She couldn’t figure it out no matter what. It wouldn’t do Finnick any good for reporting his own brother. Instead, it would only bring down the name of Norton Corporation. 
“Alright, thanks. I still have something else to settle, so let’s talk again. I’ll treat you to a meal when you’re .” Hearing Hunter’s response, Vivian finally got a better clue of the whole situation. 
She had actually met up with Mark a few days ago, asking him to confess to Finnick about what exactly happened to her back then. Looking at things now, she believed not only did Finnick find out about the truth, he had probably found out that the child she carried was actually his. 
So was his motive to take revenge for little pumpkin and me? 
With these thoughts in mind, Vivian seemed to have forgiven Finnick a little. Vivian now realized he wasn’t too heartless. At least her love for him did not go in vain. 
With Mark’s dirty acts exposed, Vivian had finally exacted vengeance. But she actually felt a little apologetic to one person, that is, Fabian. 
Fabian was different from Mark. He was not only true to himself but also treated her sincerely. He admitted to her how Mark and Evelyn had attempted to frame her. He did that all because he didn’t want her and Finnick to have any misunderstandings.
But now that Mark had been exposed, it’d mean that Fabian would become a criminal’s son. It was so drastic a change Fabian probably wouldn’t be able to accept. 
Vivian thought it’d be better if she could meet him for a chat. She reached for her phone and gave him a call. 
“Shall we meet at school then? We can go there for a walk.” Fabian’s voice sounded a little low. Vivian agreed to his request. 
When she rushed over to the school, Fabian had already been waiting for her there. At that moment, she felt like she had returned to the old days when she was still studying. 
It had always been like this. Every time they went back to school, Fabian would always wait for her near the gates. When Fabian saw her coming, he would run towards her and helped carry the bags in her hands. 
But Fabian did not notice her arrival. Instead, his head was lowered as though he was lost in thoughts. He looked extremely tired and had lost the energetic self he always was. It must be because of Mark’s incident.
###Chapter 604
Chapter 604 
Vivian was a little heartbroken. She slowly approached Fabian while thinking about the good old days. 
“When did you reach here? How long have you been waiting?” she asked in a soft tone. 
Only then, Fabian realized Vivian’s arrival. 
“Oh, you’re here.” He tried to look a little more spirited and pulled out a forced smile. “I just came and haven’t waited too long.” 
Vivian nodded her head lightly in acknowledgment while she was a little lost for words. 
“Let’s take a walk around? It’s been a long time since we’ve strolled the school compound,” suggested Fabian. 
“Okay.” 
Walking on the roads they used to walk together, Vivian was in a turmoil of emotions. 
“Vivian, my dad’s arrest…was it you who asked Finnick to make a report?” Fabian finally popped the question. 
He vividly remembered Mark’s incomplete sentence that particular morning before he was taken away by the police. He blamed Vivian, so she must have something to do with it? 
So it was indeed Finnick. Vivian thought to herself. 
“I didn’t make him do it, but I can’t deny that I was indirectly involved.” She confessed. “Fabian, would you get mad at me?”
She knew that even if Fabian was to blame her, it was justifiable. She did not regret how things turned out to be, except that she was really apologetic towards Fabian. 
However, Fabian shook his head. “I know very well what my dad is like. Everything on the internet was true. Thus, he did not get maligned but was only getting a taste of his own fruit right now. I’m pretty sure I can hold no one to blame.” 
“Fabian…” Vivian was unsure how she should comfort him. “Don’t hold everything to heart. You have nothing to do with this whole thing.” 
“But he’s my dad no matter what and he raised me since young.” Fabian looked a little caught in between. “How can I even pretend that nothing happened?” 
Fabian’s words stumped her and she knew he made sense. Familial ties are the hardest to break. 
“Vivian, what my dad did was unforgivable. But I know Finnick and you wouldn’t expose him for no reason. He must’ve done something hurtful right?” 
Vivian was loss for words. 
Yeah, she was no saint. She wouldn’t have investigated Mark had he not hurt her before. But she didn’t know how to explain it to Fabian. 
Just like what he said, Mark’s still his father after all. She couldn’t bring herself to talk bad about a father’s wrongdoings right in front of his son’s face, even if the father’s deeds were evil. 
Fabian knew Vivian was in a dilemma. “It’s fine if you don’t feel like telling me. I don’t feel like knowing to be honest. Either way, he’s still my…”
He just could not bring himself to face the fact and accept the reality. As a result, he stuttered a little at this point. 
“Vivian, I know he must have done something malicious to you. I’ll apologize on his behalf and I won’t beg for your forgiveness, but I must apologize.” Fabian’s eyes were filled with sincerity and guilt. 
“I’m sorry, Vivian. I’m sorry for the harm we’ve brought to you. I’m truly sorry.” 
Vivian felt her eyes getting wet and holding back her tears, she responded, “Fabian, I don’t want to lie to you. I’ll never be able to forgive Mark. I can never forgive him for the things he did. I feel bad, but I’m unable to accept your apology on his behalf.” 
My father must have done something extremely evil. Fabian was heartbroken. Vivian was the girl whom he liked from the bottom of his heart. 
He wanted to give her everything he had so she could live a peaceful and worry- life. What exactly did his closest family member do behind his back that would inflict so much resentment in her? 
He knew her very well. Nobody else was like this girl who was so kind-hearted and magnanimous. What has she gone through that she’ll never be able to forgive someone?
###Chapter 605
Chapter 605 
There was a dull pain in his heart, and he took Vivian in his arms, without any care about the gazes of people around them. 
“I’m sorry, Vivian. This apology isn’t from him but from me. I’m sorry I didn’t protect you well enough. I was the one who didn’t take good care of my own father. It’s my fault that you had to go through so much.” 
“How can I blame you for this, silly.” Instead of pushing Fabian away, the woman put her arms around his waist gently. She knew that all she could do now was comforting him. 
After finally calming down, he got up and said softly, “I actually came today to bid you farewell, Vivian.” 
“What?” She was taken aback by his words. 
“I’m sure you know that the public is putting a lot of pressure on my father’s affairs as well. Grandpa wants me to stay abroad for a while. He told me to come home only after everything has calmed down.” 
“Oh, I see.” Vivian nodded her head lightly before adding, “Leaving this place for a while should be good for you. Things must have been hard on you.” 
Fabian gave her a sad smile at that. “But I’m not planning to come back anymore. There’s nothing much left for me here. That’s why I came here to say goodbye. We might not be able to see each other so much anymore, Vivian.” 
Why aren’t you coming back anymore? Vivian had wanted to asked him that, but the question was stuck in her throat.
There were times where everyone was left with no choice. Didn’t I leave this place for five years and not come back as well? Since he’d already made up his mind, there’s no point for me to try and keep him here. 
“Then, you better take good care of yourself out there,” Vivian reminded him. 
In the end, there wasn’t anything she could promise him. Even if he had chosen to stay, they were destined to not have too much interaction with each other in the future. 
Even though that was what she thought, she couldn’t stop the tears from falling. 
Fabian was disappointed that Vivian didn’t try and stop him from leaving. But when he saw her tears, his heart ached for her. Besides that, all other feelings he used to feel for her were gone. 
He wanted to wipe her tears away but was afraid that it wasn’t suitable for him to do so with their relationship now. That was why he chose to only pat her on the shoulder. 
“Don’t cry. I remember you saying that you hate crying when saying goodbyes. Why are you the one crying now? Can I get a smile? I love it when you smile.” 
Having heard that, Vivian nodded her head vigorously and tried her hardest to stop her tears, before giving him a smile. 
When they used to be a couple back then, Fabian would get sad whenever the school holidays came as it meant that they wouldn’t be able to meet for at least a month. Especially when he accompanied her to the bus stop. He would always have a grumpy look on his face. 
On the other hand, she was always cheerful and it made Fabian even upset. He would ask bitterly if she wouldn’t miss him.
And what did I say back then? I remember telling him that I didn’t like crying when saying goodbyes as it would only make the situation sadder. 
Vivian would even tease him by saying, “C’mon, smile! I love seeing how you smile. You won’t be giving me a grumpy look when we’re saying goodbye, right? If you continue this, my memory of you for the next month would probably be this look on your face.” 
Fabian’s expression would only ease up a little when he heard that. 
But what he didn’t know was that the moment she got into the waiting area, tears would pour out uncontrollably. Her smile from before was just an act she had forced herself to put on. 
She loved him so much back then, so how could she not feel sad? Vivian forced herself to smile for him all because she wanted him to feel better. But I’m afraid that he will never find out about this ever. 
Fabian returned a smile when he saw hers. “Let’s not be sad this time. Let’s be happy. We finally get to return to the campus. Let’s just take a stroll around and forget about the sad stuff, alright?” 
“Okay.” Vivian wiped away her tears and followed him. 
“Hey, do you remember? You loved eating the braised eggplant at Eight Blessed,” Fabian said as he pointed at the restaurant before them.
###Chapter 606
Chapter 606 
“Tell me about it. So many people were buying it then and I didn’t get to buy it so many times when I tried to.” 
The man smiled at that. “There was one time when you queued for such a long time but it was all sold out by the time it was your turn. You were so upset the whole afternoon. I had to skip my last class the next day just to buy that dish for you.” 
“That’s right,” Vivian replied with a nod. “But who told you to get three portions? Were you trying to feed me like a pig?” 
“Oh, I wonder who finished all three portions of it and burped in satisfaction in the end.” 
He purposely rolled his eyes at her and she gave him a playful slap on his shoulder in return. 
Just like that, they talked and laughed as they strolled around the campus. They reminisced about all sorts of things that happened there and would break into laughter from time to time. 
At the sight of such a happy Vivian, Fabian wished that they could just go back in time. He wished that he didn’t go overseas and that they were still together. They would have gotten married after graduating and had a kid, and they would their happy life together after that. 
But now, all these could only happen in his dreams as she no longer belonged to him. 
Joyful times were always short. The sky was already darkening and both of them made their way to the campus entrance. 
“When are you leaving?” Vivian asked.
“The morning after tomorrow.” 
She nodded. “You have to take good care of yourself, okay?” 
She didn’t say anything about sending him off at the airport since she knew that he wouldn’t allow her to go. What’s the point even if I go? I’d only feel even more miserable. 
Fabian heaved a sigh of relief when Vivian didn’t suggest sending him off. He didn’t want her to go at all. He was afraid that he might be reluctant to leave if he saw her. But he knew that if Vivian were to suggest it, he would never reject it. 
That was why he was relieved that she didn’t say anything about that. This way, I can at least leave without any hesitation. It’d only make it harder for me to forget her if I saw her right before leaving. 
“You too. You have to take good care of yourself. Remember this, Vivian, you have to allow yourself to be happy. This is my biggest wish before I leave. Can you promise me that you’ll do that?” 
“Okay.” She nodded as she choked out the words, “I’m sorry, Fabian. About Mark, I-” 
Vivian was still unable to let go of the guilt she was feeling. If she hadn’t caused such a scene, Fabian wouldn’t have to move away from his hometown to another country. He’d have to start everything all over again. How difficult would that be? 
“This isn’t your fault. I don’t blame you,” he consoled her gently. “My father brought this upon himself, and it has nothing to do with anyone else. If it makes you happier, just think of it as his atonement for all the things he has done for himself.” 
Happier? Am I even happy? 
No. I’m not. Even though I don’t regret it, I’m not happy. So what if Mark was punished? I’m still divorced and Larry still doesn’t have a father. Nothing’s changed.
“Take care,” Vivian looked at him and said. 
“You too. I… I’ll get going now.” At that, Fabian turned to leave. The moment he turned around, a drop of tear fell from his face while he took slow but steady steps away from her. 
Sorrow and bitterness washed over Vivian as she watched him leave. They had once been so in love with each other, but they were parting their ways now. 
At least her love wasn’t in vain. The man really understood her and that was why neither of them said goodbye in the end. 
It wasn’t because they didn’t want to see each other ever again, but because they knew that even if they weren’t by each other’s sides, they would still work hard to live a better, happier life. 
The jury had finally reached a verdict and Mark had been sentenced to a seven-year jail term for bribery. 
On his third day in prison, Finnick planned to visit him. There were some things that he needed to ask Mark and he wanted to personally hear his answers. 
His footsteps were heavy as he made his way into the prison. Never in a million years had he expected himself to visit a family member at such a place. 
Family? Finnick shook his head and chuckled bitterly when the word surfaced in his mind.
###Chapter 607
Chapter 607 
Once he went in and mentioned Mark’s name, the prison officer notified him that there was someone else paying him a visit. 
Fabian had already gone abroad and Samuel was at home. Finnick’s brows furrowed as he tried to think of someone who would visit Mark. But after a moment, he gave up thinking that it must be a friend in the business circle. He then went in the direction the prison officer pointed at before taking a seat and waited. 
Meanwhile, Evelyn was actually the one paying Mark a visit. However, she lacked her usual beauty. Instead, she sat before the man with her face as pale as a sheet. 
She hadn’t been able to live peacefully ever since she found out that he had been arrested. No one knew Evelyn’s dark secrets and evil deeds in the past better than Mark. 
She wasn’t worried about Vivian’s kidnapping as Finnick was a man of his words. Even though he was ruthless when he sent Mark to jail, he didn’t hold her accountable for it. Seems like he’s decided to let me off the hook. 
But she felt more resentful than grateful about it. She had paid the price of losing her legs yet all she got was such an unfavorable outcome. I can’t accept this! I will get my revenge on Vivian for everything she has done one day. 
What Evelyn was most worried about at the moment was the incident from fifteen years ago. What if Mark isn’t able to handle all the interrogation in prison and reveals everything to the police? 
Ever since the man had been arrested, she had been wanting to meet up with him as soon as possible. However, during the court’s sessions, she couldn’t find a way to meet with him without the help of
Finnick and the Morrison family. She had been anxious the whole time all because of that. 
Hence, this was the reason she came to see Mark immediately the moment he was allowed to have visitors. 
I need to prevent Mark from saying anything about what happened before anyone finds out. He must understand what he should play dumb. 
“Why did you want to meet me?” he asked impatiently. Unlike Evelyn, he wasn’t anxious and did not want to see her at all. 
If it wasn’t for her, I wouldn’t have ended up in such a predicament. She’s the one who caused me to go to jail! I must’ve been blinded back then. How could I agree to work with her? 
“Mark… Mr. Norton, what on earth were you thinking?” At the sight of the impatient look on Mark’s face, Evelyn became furious as well and couldn’t stop herself from insulting him, “You have betrayed me and told Finnick everything. What good did it bring you? If he didn’t know anything about this, would he have gotten angry and reported you? Who’s the one who ended up falling into the trap you set up? I’m still doing fine here, yet you have ended up in jail. So tell me, what were you planning when you exposed me?” 
Nevertheless, he did not get mad and refute even after being insulted like that. Both Vivian and Finnick had forced him into a corner. He had reached a stalemate now so no matter what choice he made, it would be a wrong one. 
He was the one who was careless and left his tracks uncovered. As a result, Vivian was able to blackmail him and all he could do was admit defeat. 
“Did you come here just to say all these?” Mark asked as he suppressed the anger in him.
“What? So I can’t visit you for no reason?” Her words sounded almost like she was sounding him out. He probably hasn’t said anything about that incident. I might just be overthinking this. 
After all, none of us will benefit from this if he reveals it. 
“You don’t seem like you’re here just to visit me. It seems more like you have something to ask of me.” The man had a look on his face as though he saw through her. He knew quite well just what kind of person Evelyn was and she would never do anything that didn’t benefit her. 
I’d rather believe that money would fall from the sky than to believe that she’s just here to visit me. 
The woman’s face turned cold upon hearing that. “What is there to ask of you? There’s no such thing as ‘asking for help’ in my dictionary.” 
“Aren’t you afraid that I would expose the truth about Finnick’s kidnapping that happened years ago?” he threatened as he took a side glance at her, an extremely smug smile hung on his lips. 
For the first time in days, he was in such a good mood. He was in a difficult situation, so it was rare for someone to come to him, afraid that he would leak a secret he knew.
###Chapter 608
Chapter 608 
“How dare you!” Evelyn shouted in anger. “Don’t forget that you were part of it as well. Do you think the police would reduce your sentence if you told them about it? It would only worsen your situation.” 
“Hahaha…” 
Mark was slightly startled at first, but he couldn’t help but burst into a fit of laughter. No normal person can ever understand what Evelyn is thinking. I see… So she’s worried about this. 
“I’m already in jail. Do you think I’d care about that? So what if they added more years to my sentence? It’s no difference to me,” he ridiculed. 
My life is doomed no matter how long I have to stay in prison. After what has happened, I would never be able to survive in the business circle anymore even if they released me now. 
Mark was a person who wanted to be the best all his life. He took meticulous steps for everything he did, afraid that his actions were for naught if he even took a wrong step, just to fight Finnick for Norton Corporation. After doing things so carefully for so many years, he had never expected that he would end up in such a fate. 
“Come on, speak your terms. What do I have to do so you won’t confess those matters?” Evelyn asked while suppressing her anger. “As long as it’s something that I can do, I’ll do my best.” 
He sneered at that. How cunning of her. She’s setting conditions even in this situation. 
“What else is there to ask from you? I don’t even have the most basic dom now. But now that I think about it, it doesn’t seem like a bad thing if you’re here in prison with me.”
Evelyn fumed and she clenched her fists tightly. How can he even think about threatening me when he’s already in such a state? 
Her fingernails cut her flesh and pain shot through her arms but she didn’t care. Does he think that I’d be afraid of him just because he said that? Hmph. I have a bunch of ways that would make him agree to seal his mouth. 
The corner of her lips tilted upwards and she lowered her head as she stroked her area where her fingernails cut her. Then, she said nonchalantly, “You’re in prison and a dead mouse feels no cold. I admit that I can’t do anything to you. However, don’t forget that your son is still outside.” 
“What do you mean?” Mark asked instantly. Fabian is my hope for everything in the future. He can’t have anything happening to him! 
“I’m obviously threatening you. If you say anything about what happened years ago, then I will find a way to make Fabian suffer.” Evelyn’s smile was especially vicious as she spoke. 
“He’s your only son, isn’t he? If something were to happen to him, I’m afraid there won’t be anyone who would take care of you in your old age.” 
Panic rose in him but Mark managed to regain his composure quickly. After calming down and thinking about it carefully, he decided not to care about her threat. 
Hmph! Who does she think she is? Without the Morrison family or Finnick to back her up, there is no way she can do as she pleases. 
At the thought of it, he stared at her with scornful eyes and said, “Do you think you’re still the lady of the Morrison family? If you want something to happen to my son, you’d need to have the capability to do so.”
However, Evelyn wasn’t anxious when she saw that he didn’t believe her words. She still looked as calm and confident as she was before. 
“So what if I’m not the lady of Morrison family anymore? You know very well how much money I have after the kidnapping incident. Don’t you think I have enough to hire an assassin to kill your son?” 
“Don’t you dare!” Mark roared as he stood up abruptly. 
“Are you mimicking me?” she asked with a smile. Her expression suddenly turned cold as she added, “Too bad. I’m not afraid of you. Mark my words, I’d do just that.” 
“Evelyn Morrison! If you hurt my son, I will…” He was at a loss for words. He didn’t even have dom anymore so how was he supposed to do anything to Evelyn? 
“What will you do? I bet you can’t think of anything!” she sneered. “Let me tell you this. You can only listen to me from now on. You’ll be retrieving your son’s dead body if you even utter a single word about what happened back then.” 
He clenched his fists tightly and his teeth were almost crushed from being clenched so tightly before he muttered an “Fine” in response. What else could I do? There was nothing he could do except to agree to her terms. 
“I guarantee that I will keep my lips sealed about what happened that year. But you have to promise me that you’ll never hurt my son!” Mark said as he locked eyes with Evelyn.
###Chapter 609
Chapter 609 
After hearing Mark’s answer, Evelyn heaved a sigh of relief. “Don’t worry. I won’t hurt your son without reason.” 
“I hope you keep your word,” warned Mark uneasily. “If anything happens to Fabian, the police will be informed about that incident immediately.” 
“I promise,” replied Evelyn smugly. Ha! Weren’t you arrogant earlier? Look, you’re agreeing to my conditions now. 
Mark snickered and left. 
His heart was full of remorse. I didn’t know my son would get involved in the end. Evelyn, you wicked woman! You’ll stop at nothing in order to achieve your target! 
As her goal had been achieved, Evelyn wasn’t at all mad at Mark’s reaction. She pushed herself out of the room happily. Done. Time to deal with the next matter at hand. 
She had just left the visiting room when Finnick appeared at the other end of the hallway. What a coincidence? We’re visiting Mark on the same day? 
She hastily hid in the stairway next to her as her heart thumped anxiously. Luckily, I was fast enough to hide out of sight. 
Evelyn patted her chest and poked out her head carefully. After watching Finnick entering the visiting room, she pushed herself out of the stairway and left hastily. 
When Evelyn exited the prison gates, she finally exhaled a sigh of relief. Oh my, that was scary. I’ll be in trouble if Finnick saw me back there.
The driver spotted her exit and scurried over to push her wheelchair. 
“Be careful!” Evelyn frowned and chided the driver for accidentally pushing her over a bump. 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Morrison. I’ll be more careful,” replied the driver fearfully. Deep down, he was already cursing her. 
Damn it, if I didn’t have to support my family, I wouldn’t be here right now. She’s the most annoying employer I’ve ever came across! 
After making sure Evelyn was comfortable in her seat, the driver returned to his driver’s seat. He was sweating profusely by now. 
“Ms. Morrison, are we…” he paused and hurriedly corrected himself. “Are you going to head home now?” 
The driver could still remember how Evelyn roared at him previously, “There’s no we! I’m not the same as you!” 
“No. I want to go to the hospital.” 
Evelyn told him about the hospital’s address impatiently. After getting the address, the driver grunted in acknowledgment and drove off. 
He had been scolded a couple of times before finally mastering the “steady” speed that Evelyn wanted. 
Meanwhile, Mark came out to meet Finnick. 
The former was terribly upset at Evelyn earlier, so when he saw Finnick, molten anger rolled through him instantly.
“How dare you come here!” 
Finnick was feeling a little uncomfortable. It wasn’t because of Mark’s rude words. 
At the sight of Mark clad in a prison uniform, haggard and disheveled, his hair an oily mess, Finnick felt sorry for his brother. 
Mark was no longer his confident self but a beggar at the mercy of the justice system. At that moment, Finnick felt bad for his brother. 
Yet, it was a fitting punishment for what he had done. 
Seeing the sympathy in Finnick’s gaze, Mark’s anger heightened. This was something that he wished would never happen. How dare you? 
“Finnick, you’re more ruthless than I’ve imagined. After all, you sent your own brother to jail. I am nowhere close to you.” 
“You deserve it,” said Finnick indifferently. 
“Yes, I deserve it,” admitted Mark. “But why did you go to this extent? What will you gain from exposing those matters? You own shares in Norton Corporation, too. Are you seriously going to ruin the Norton family?”
###Chapter 610
Chapter 610 
“Shares?” Finnick sneered. “They are nothing compared to my child!” 
“What child?” Mark returned, confused. He had never heard of Finnick’s child. Could it be his bas*ard? 
At that thought, Mark furrowed his brows. If Finnick had a child, the Norton family would belong to him entirely. He didn’t want his past efforts to pave the path for Finnick. 
“Yes, my child!” Finnick raised his voice. A dangerous gleam appeared in his eyes. “If you and Evelyn hadn’t schemed against Vivian, I wouldn’t have misunderstood and thought she was pregnant with another man’s child! She wouldn’t have lost the child after that!” 
Oh, the child is no longer alive. Mark heaved a sigh of relief. Swiftly, terror overtook him. As Finnick’s child was dead, he wouldn’t show any mercy. 
“I’m too ruthless?” Finnick scoffed. “I thought I was being too kind. This isn’t enough to avenge my dead child!” 
“What more do you want?” Mark questioned fearfully. I’m already in jail. What more does Finnick want? What else can he do? 
They had been at odds for years, so Mark knew what Finnick was like. If Finnick refused to let him off the hook, Mark was afraid he might make things worse for him in jail. 
Instead of answering him, Finnick demanded, “You were the one behind my kidnapping more than ten years ago, right? Did you try to burn me to death?” 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. Why would that have anything to do with me?” Mark feigned innocence.
Finnick responded coolly, “Do you really think I found nothing over the years?” He continued, “A few years ago, I came to know that you were the culprit, but I didn’t have any evidence. Now, I’ll give you a chance to repent. Will you admit to it? Or do you want me to continue gathering evidence? It’s your choice.” 
His voice turned threatening. “If I find evidence to tie you to the matter, I’ll make sure you pay for what you did.” 
Mark nearly burst out indignantly. What’s going on today? Why is everyone threatening me in prison today? 
Even if I admit to it now, will he let me off the hook? Mark wasn’t foolish enough to trust Finnick’s words. Alas, he had no choice. 
After a moment of deliberation, Mark decided to make a confession. 
“Yes, I was the one who hired the kidnappers to kidnap you.” Mark didn’t reveal Evelyn’s name as he wanted to protect his son. 
“I knew it.” It didn’t come as a surprise to Finnick, but he was still affected by Mark’s confession. After all, Mark was his brother. They shared the same blood. 
As his heart sank, Finnick recalled what Mark had cried out earlier. He parted his lips to mock, “I might’ve sent you to jail, but you were also cruel enough to try to murder me!” 
Mark burst out laughing. “Finnick, I’ll take back my words. We’ve fought all over the years. I don’t think of you as my brother. We’re no longer a family.” 
“Why?” inquired Finnick. “Why did you suddenly try to harm me back then? Don’t tell me it’s because of Norton Corporation.”
Upon hearing Finnick’s question, Mark clenched his fists as a vein popped out in his neck. That was part of the reason but you have no idea how much I hated you! I wanted you dead! 
Since young, everyone only had eyes for Finnick. They’d praised Finnick for being accomplished, handsome and smart. Mark couldn’t understand why. Why does he always get the attention!
###Chapter 611
Chapter 611 
I put in more effort than Finnick. But why didn’t anyone recognize my efforts? I worked so hard, but Grandpa decided to hand Norton Corporation to Finnick. Why? Am I that bad? 
“It’s because I hate you. As long as you are alive, I’ll always be one step behind you. No one ever paid attention to me!” Jealousy shone in Mark’s gaze. “When you’re dead, Grandpa and everyone will finally notice my existence.” 
Finnick’s gaze dimmed. “I’ve never thought of getting anything from you. You know that well. I never wanted to take over Norton Corporation.” 
In fact, he didn’t mind even if Mark inherited everything. 
After all, Finnick wanted to establish his own business. 
Yet, Mark never bothered to believe him and insisted on treating him as a rival. 
“I know,” Mark gritted out angrily. 
Actually, he knew what Finnick wanted. 
That was the very reason he hated Finnick. 
Norton Corporation was all he ever wanted, but Finnick never gave a damn about the company. Even so, Samuel insisted on handing Norton Corporation to him. 
“Why didn’t you fight for it?” Mark growled. “Do you know how much I hated your nonchalance? You never gave a damn about me!”
Finnick was surprised at Mark’s outburst. When he was young, he could sense his brother’s hatred toward him. There was a period where he felt slightly upset because of that. His friends’ brothers would play and mess around with them, but as far as he remembered, Mark had never smiled at him. He used to be bothered by Mark’s actions, but gradually, he got used to it. 
Hence, he was shocked by the revelation. 
“We have different goals. Why would I fight with you?” Finnick furrowed his brows in confusion. 
“Stop pretending. As long as you’re alive, I won’t succeed!” That was the ultimate motive for Mark’s actions. He wanted his own brother to disappear so he could live for himself and proved that he was worthy. 
Gradually, it became an obsession. 
Finnick stood up silently and spun on his heels. They had different opinions and goals, so there was nothing else he could say. As their fight had gone on for years, it wouldn’t be resolved that easily. 
He’s in prison now, so he can’t hurt Vivian anymore. That should suffice. 
Perhaps the Nortons are born to be cruel beings. 
As he walked out, Mark’s voice rang out behind him. “Finnick, I’ve never regretted my actions. Even if I get another chance in life, I’ll make the same choice. I hate you! I hate you!” 
Finnick strode ahead until he could no longer hear Mark’s yells. 
Looking up, he realized the weather was great today. A blue sky dotted with white clouds appeared in his sight. The sun shone on him directly. The sunlight should feel warm on his skin, but strangely, all he felt was a chill down his spine.
My brother doesn’t think of me as family. 
Meanwhile, the only woman I want to form a family with had left me because of what I did. 
Mark watched angrily as Finnick walked out of the visiting room. Finnick could come and go as he please, but what about me? When can I leave this damned place? 
After the prison guard brought him back to his cell, he sat down, utterly disheartened. 
What have I gained from the fight? I’ve lost everything. I’m no longer Finnick’s opponent. He’s no longer the innocent young man who I could control. 
When did I start losing? 
Perhaps I’ve lost the moment I planned that kidnapping.
###Chapter 612
Chapter 612 
Mark couldn’t help but think about the events of the past. It happened a long time ago, but he remembered every bit of detail clearly. 
As far as he could remember, Samuel had always adored Finnick. The old man would satisfy his every request as long as it was adequate. 
At first, Mark wasn’t bothered as Finnick was the youngest son in the Norton family. His parents were dead, so it was normal for Samuel to shower him with love. However, as time ticked by, Mark grew increasingly annoyed by his brother. 
Finnick grew up to be an accomplished adult. Hence, Mark felt threatened by his brother. 
Thud! Mark’s kick landed on the chair in front of him. Even after venting his frustration, he still felt anger thrumming through his veins. 
It all started at Norton Corporation’s company annual dinner ten years ago. All employees and board members were there. Samuel brought Finnick to that party. He wasn’t bothered, since Finnick was a Norton, after all. To his surprise, the old man even introduced Finnick to everyone formally. When Mark entered the company, Samuel only introduced him to a few board members. 
Hence, Mark flew into a fit of rage when he realized his grandfather was telling everyone that Finnick would be his successor. 
He could still remember how infuriated he was. As he thought he was far better than Finnick, he couldn’t understand why everyone’s attention was on Finnick. Even the employees were all sucking up to him!
Back then, he got so livid and decided to take action against Finnick. After working his way up to his current position, he refused to let Finnick take over his position easily. 
Before he could come out with a plan, Samuel’s actions shocked him to the core. 
After introducing Finnick at the company annual dinner, Samuel started bringing Finnick to various business meetings. In less than two months, most companies who collaborated with Norton Corporation frequently got to know of Finnick’s existence. 
He knew if this were to go on, he’d lose the fight. 
Under such circumstances, he came up with a horrible plan—to kidnap Finnick. If Finnick disappeared from the face of earth, Mark would be the only successor of Norton Corporation. 
The moment this idea planted itself in his head, it refused to budge. In the end, he contacted a bunch of thugs and hired them to kidnap Finnick. 
However, Samuel protected Finnick too well. The kidnappers kept an eye on Finnick for over two months, but they failed to find a loophole. 
Gradually, Mark grew increasingly annoyed and more determined to kill Finnick. After all, Samuel had never hired bodyguards to protect Mark. 
Mark might be determined, but there was no progress at all. No matter how impatient he was, he had no choice but to wait for a chance. 
However, he couldn’t drag on for long. If Finnick discovered someone was after him, he might be alerted and the plan might be exposed. 
Mark was at his wits’ end when a young girl came to him. It was none other than Evelyn Morrison.
As Evelyn was Finnick’s girlfriend, Mark had heard of her. They were madly in love and it was impossible to not know who she was. 
“Mr. Norton, I’m here to partner up with you. Are you interested?” Evelyn was straightforward. 
“What is it?” returned Mark, puzzled. Back then, he had no idea why Finnick’s girlfriend would come to him. 
Without hesitation, Evelyn revealed everything. “Recently, Morrison Group ran into some trouble. I hope you can help us. In return, I’ll help you kidnap and dispose of Finnick so you’ll be the only successor of Norton Corporation.”
###Chapter 613
Chapter 613 
“What are you talking about?” Mark feigned innocence. Deep down, he was panicking. How did Evelyn find out about this? 
“Mr. Norton, you’ve recently arranged some of your men to tail Finnick, right?” A disdainful smile flitted across Evelyn’s lips. She didn’t know he’d be such a coward. “I saw them meeting up with you. Mr. Norton, are you still going to deny everything?” 
“When was that?” Mark jolted up at once. As he was careful enough to meet up with those men in secret, he had no idea someone else would see them. 
“Don’t worry, Mr. Norton. I won’t tell anyone about this. But, you have to agree to my condition,” answered Evelyn. She made her way to the sofa and sat down. 
Mark pondered over her words and voiced his doubts. “Aren’t you Finnick’s girlfriend? Why would you help me get rid of him?” 
“For my family, of course. He is nothing compared to my family’s business. I think you understand that well, Mr. Norton.” 
Evelyn’s smile made Mark extremely uncomfortable. Is she mocking me for sacrificing my brother for the sake of Norton Corporation? 
That was what he thought, but he still took Evelyn’s offer into consideration. With her help, he’d be able to kidnap Finnick easily. Norton Corporation would end up in his clutches if Finnick got out of his way. 
Hence, he decided it would be fine to help the Morrison family get past this hurdle. 
“What is your plan?” he asked Evelyn.
Immediately, Evelyn let out a smug smile. He has decided to work with me. 
After explaining her plan to Mark, Evelyn added, “I have another condition. The ransom from this kidnapping will be mine. I will pretend to perish in the fire and leave the country with the ransom.” 
Mark couldn’t help but be astounded by how ruthless the girl was. He knew how much Finnick adored her, but she obviously didn’t give a damn about him. 
However, their relationship had nothing to do with him. As long as Evelyn was on his side, she could be as ruthless as she wanted. 
“No problem. But you have to promise me not to return to the country ever again.” The ransom meant nothing to Mark. All he cared for was the plan to be a perfect one. 
“Deal!” Evelyn agreed. That was within her plan, anyway. She had no plan to come back here. 
With Evelyn’s help, Finnick’s kidnapping went on smoothly. However, he escaped in the end. 
Mark was delighted as he had achieved his goal. Finnick was a cripple and no longer posed a threat to Mark. 
As the vivid memories flashed across his mind, his face contorted with anger. Never in his wildest dreams did he expect Finnick was only pretending to be a cripple and that he himself would end up in jail. 
After calming down, fear rose in his heart. At the thought of how young Evelyn acted so ruthlessly back then, he shuddered. 
It had been years since we last met, so I believe her wickedness is greater now than ever before. Fabian is no match for her.
At that thought, Mark vowed to bury the secret deep down forever. After all, nothing was more important than his son’s life. 
Finnick returned to his company. To his surprise, Samuel was waiting for him in his office. 
“Grandpa, why are you here?” he greeted the old man politely. 
Simmering with anger, Samuel demanded, “What a stupid question? How could you expose your brother’s wrongdoings and send him to jail? No matter what, he is still your brother!” 
Samuel had just found out that Finnick was the one who reported Mark’s bribery to the authorities. He knew both siblings were at odds, but it beggared belief how things could have gotten this bad.
###Chapter 614
Chapter 614 
Mark was sent to prison after the fake product scandal blew up. Even after his release years later, his career would be in ruins. 
They were both his grandsons. Samuel was fonder of Finnick, but he still cared for Mark. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have allowed the latter to run Norton Corporation for years. 
My brother? Finnick sneered inwardly. If Mark thinks of me as a brother, we wouldn’t be this estranged. He has pushed me into a corner! 
“Grandpa, I told you how Mark kidnapped Vivian back then, right?” Pain appeared in Finnick’s gaze. That incident was etched in his heart. 
Oh, it’s because of that. Samuel’s anger faded away as he said solemnly, “I know it was Mark’s fault. But it happened a long time ago. It’s useless to pursue the matter now. You can’t—” 
“Grandpa, Vivian wasn’t raped back then,” Finnick interrupted his grandfather in a low voice. 
Taken aback, Samuel blurted out, “Isn’t that a good thing? Vivian was spared after all. Why did you…” 
He trailed off suddenly as a thought occurred to him. The baby! 
If Vivian wasn’t raped back then, that means she was pregnant with Finnick’s child! But why did Finnick assume she had been raped? 
As the questions swirled around in Samuel’s mind, he gazed at Finnick sternly. “What exactly happened then? If Vivian hadn’t been raped, why would you have misunderstood the situation?”
Tamping down the bitterness in his heart, Finnick revealed how Evelyn and Mark schemed to kidnap Vivian. After their plan failed, they paid the doctor to lie, saying Vivian had been raped. 
“Seriously?” Samuel struck the ground with his cane furiously. He couldn’t believe that Mark partnered up with Evelyn to do something this horrible. 
After the initial anger, Samuel recalled Vivian’s child. “Then, what about the child Vivian was pregnant with? Did she give birth to the child?” 
Back then, Vivian got a divorce from Finnick and left the country. Samuel thought she wasn’t pregnant with Finnick’s child, so he didn’t keep an eye on her. 
Upon hearing his question, Finnick lowered his head in despair. 
If the child was born, perhaps Vivian and I will still be together. 
Finnick found out that Vivian’s supposed rape was faked, but he didn’t know how she nearly lost her child. 
It was Evelyn who ordered Noah to do that. She never told anyone about it, including Mark. Hence, Finnick thought Vivian hated him as he caused her miscarriage. 
He had no idea Vivian hated him because she thought he wanted her child dead. 
“What happened?” Seeing his reaction, Samuel had a sinking suspicion, but he refused to acknowledge it and hoped to hear a different answer from Finnick. 
It took Finnick a while to reorganize his thoughts. “Back then, I kept persuading Vivian to abort the baby, but she refused to listen to me. After that, she had a miscarriage.”
Samuel staggered backward at the answer, which was within his expectation. Finnick hastily held his grandfather and brought him to the sofa. 
“What a tragedy! Mark is indeed a beast!” Samuel roared indignantly. The great-grandchild whom he had been waiting for years was indirectly murdered by Evelyn and Mark. 
“Grandpa, please don’t get too upset.” Tears prickled at Finnick’s eyes, but he forced back his sorrow and comforted Samuel. 
“I’ve misunderstood your intentions,” said Samuel. He gazed at Finnick guiltily. “I can understand why you sent that b*stard to jail. He was utterly ruthless!”.
###Chapter 615
Chapter 615 
Looking into Samuel’s eyes, Finnick announced sternly, “Grandpa, I admit that I reported Mark to the authorities to avenge Vivian and our child, but I didn’t make it up to frame him.” 
He stood up and went to his desk. After retrieving a folder from his drawer, he handed it to Samuel. 
“Grandpa, this is a compilation of the crimes Mark has committed all over the years. You can read it. I didn’t frame him for something he didn’t do.” 
Samuel took the folder from him and read it carefully. 
He was quivering with anger by the time he reached the last page. Forced demolition, selling counterfeit medicine, and using harmful food additives were among some crimes Mark had committed over the years behind Samuel’s back. 
“Well, he deserves to be locked up in jail. I hope he can learn his lesson there,” said Samuel dolefully. 
As the saying goes, “Spare the rod, spoil the child.” As both his grandsons lost their parents at a young age, it was his fault that Mark did all those terrible things. 
Samuel gazed at Finnick. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have lost my temper before getting to know the truth. It was all my fault.” 
“Don’t say that, Grandpa,” answered Finnick hurriedly. “It isn’t your fault. We were too immature and made you upset.” 
Samuel’s lips curled up in a contented smile as the sadness in his gaze faded away. After all, it was no use crying over spilt milk. At his age, he had seen all kinds of things, so he could remain calm.
“Let’s not talk about that. What will you do now?” queried Samuel. “You know that it was all a misunderstanding. Why didn’t you beg for Vivian’s forgiveness?” 
Anguish glowed in Finnick’s eyes. “I have chosen not to trust her back then. I don’t deserve her.” 
If he had trusted her back then, they’d still be together now as a happy family of three. Finnick couldn’t even forgive himself, so he dared not ask for Vivian’s forgiveness. 
After hearing his words, disappointment filled Samuel’s heart. 
“How could you think that way? As a man, you should admit your mistake bravely. You need to pursue Vivian and make it up to her for the rest of your life.” 
Oh, really? Finnick wasn’t sure if he could really court Vivian again. Does she still love me? 
Samuel spotted the confusion in Finnick’s gaze and sighed inwardly. Both of them suffered greatly in their relationship, especially Vivian. 
Vivian lost her baby because of that misunderstanding. I wonder if she will ever forgive Finnick. 
Samuel continued. “Finnick, after all these years, you still can’t forget Vivian. If she’s the one, don’t dwell on the past. Otherwise, both of you will suffer.” 
“Listen to me. You should apologize to her and get her back. She’s still single, so I think she still loves you.” 
Finnick thought of Samuel’s advice again and again silently before realization dawned on him. Indeed, it was useless to let his imagination run wild here. He’d only find out whether Vivian had forgiven him after he tried apologizing to her. I have to work on that now to win her back.
Even if she no longer loved him, he decided to try his best to get her back. He didn’t want to have any regrets. 
Hope fluttered in Finnick’s heart as he recalled how Vivian’s gaze was full of emotions when he tried to explain to her on the cruise ship. Perhaps Grandpa is right. Vivian still loves me.
###Chapter 616
Chapter 616 
The doubts in Finnick’s heart disappeared without a trace. I need to see Vivian right now. 
“Grandpa, I got it. I’ll go meet her now.” With that, Finnick spun on his heels and left his office without waiting for his grandfather’s reply. 
Samuel knew he was in a hurry and didn’t mind his hasty exit. Ah, my grandson is madly in love with Vivian. I hope she will forgive him. 
After leaving the company, Finnick drove his car and sped to Vivian’s magazine company. 
At the entrance, he ran into someone familiar. If I recall correctly, her name’s Sarah, right? I’ve heard Vivian mention her name before. They should be on good terms. 
“Hello. May I know where Vivian is?” Finnick went to her and asked anxiously. 
Sarah knew who Finnick was and she was so shocked. Why is he here? Instinctively, she pointed at Vivian’s office. 
“Thank you!” He thanked her gratefully and dashed to Vivian’s office. 
Sarah only regained her composure when Finnick disappeared from her gaze. That was Finnick! Upon recalling how Finnick dumped Vivian five years ago, fury and regret flashed across her gaze. 
That scoundrel! I should’ve kicked him out. Why did I tell him where Vivian’s office is? He appeared out of a sudden. 
At the same time, when everyone else in the magazine company saw Finnick, they burst into an uproar.
“Are my eyes deceiving me? That was Finnick Norton, right?” 
“Why is he here for Ms. Morrison? I thought they had gotten a divorce?” 
“Don’t tell me they are getting back together.” 
“There was rumor saying Finnick had a lover for the past five years, right? What is going on?” 
“Do you think Ms. Morrison still likes him? Will they argue in her office?” 
“Ms. Morrison is currently single. So is Finnick. Perhaps they will end up together in the end.” 
“Huh? How can you be sure Ms. Morrison is single?” 
“Are you blind? If she’s in love, she’ll exude an air of bliss. Does she look blissful now?” 
The employee who asked the previous question was stunned. An air of bliss? What the heck? 
Finnick came to a stop outside Vivian’s office and knocked on the door hastily. He had heard the other employees’ discussion, but he couldn’t be bothered. Right now, he had to meet Vivian and beg for her forgiveness. 
“Vivian!” he exclaimed when the door opened. To his surprise, Benedict’s figure appeared behind the door. Benedict was clearly startled to see Finnick, too. 
His expression darkened immediately. “What are you doing here?” he demanded. 
“I’m here for Vivian. I need to talk to her,” replied Finnick in determination. 
Benedict watched how his sister suffered over the years after what Finnick did to her. Hence, he refused to let the man come in. “Vivian doesn’t want to—”
Before he could finish, Vivian cut him off. “Ben, let him in.” 
As Vivian had spoken, Benedict shifted sideways so Finnick could enter her office. However, his gaze remained wary. 
If Finnick dares to harm Vivian, I’ll definitely make him pay! 
Compared to Benedict’s wariness, Vivian seemed calm. She knew Finnick would come to her soon. After all, he had sent Mark to jail. 
Finnick strode to Vivian’s desk and stood in front of her. Finally, he saw the woman he had been yearning to see for years. Vivian exuded an intimidating presence with the black suit she had on. There was a stern look on her face. 
“Ben, can you leave us alone? I need to talk to him in private,” said Vivian as she glanced at Benedict with a cheerful grin. 
“Vivian…” came Benedict’s hesitant reply.
###Chapter 617
Chapter 617 
Benedict was clearly worried about her, so Vivian flashed a comforting smile. “I’m fine. Please close the door behind you.” 
Under Vivian’s insistence, Benedict agreed. Before leaving, he reminded her. “Call me if you need me. I’ll be right downstairs.” 
When they were both left alone in the office, Vivian finally looked up and spared Finnick an icy glance. “Why are you here?” 
Finnick felt his heart clenched in pain at how indifferent she was to him. She still treats others the same like before, but we’re practically strangers now. 
Finnick snapped back to reality and gazed at Vivian. “Vivian, I’m here to apologize to you. I’m sorry for having misunderstood you back then.” 
Remorse filled his gaze. Vivian must’ve been so upset back then as I didn’t trust her. 
As he recalled how he persuaded Vivian to abort the baby again and again, Finnick wanted to punch himself in the face. When she found out about her miscarriage, she must’ve been heartbroken. That was why she sent me the divorce agreement and left the country without saying goodbye. 
I didn’t know anything, so she went through the ordeal alone. I’ve failed miserably as a husband and a father! 
“What did you misunderstand?” Vivian inquired. It was a question she clearly knew the answer to. 
“Mark told me everything. Those men didn’t rape you. I’m really sorry for not trusting you, Vivian. It was all my fault.” He implored, “Can you please forgive me?” He looked at her with pleading eyes.
Yet, Vivian was unfazed. “Finally, you realized that child you insisted on getting rid of was yours.” 
As Larry was alive and well, Vivian didn’t seem to be upset. Finnick, who had no idea of his son’s existence, was devastated. 
“Vivian, I’m sorry. Our child…” he trailed off helplessly. “I’m sorry. It was all my fault.” 
Apart from offering his apology, he did not know what else to say. 
Reaching out, he tried to take Vivian’s hand, but the latter dodged his touch. Does he think a simple apology is enough to make up for the past five years’ absence and torment? 
Finnick held back his pain and proclaimed, “Vivian, I’ve already looked into it. Mark and Evelyn were the ones who framed you. I should’ve trusted you back then.” 
“Isn’t it pointless to say that now?” Vivian lowered her gaze. So what? We can never return to the past. 
Finnick was stunned by her reply. Pointless? 
He took a deep breath and told Vivian earnestly, “Vivian, I’ve taught Mark a lesson. After gathering the evidence about his past crimes, I have handed everything to the authorities. He’s in jail now to atone for his sins. He’ll be locked up for at least eight years.” 
Finnick wasn’t trying to get into Vivian’s good books. “I’ve taken revenge for you and our child,” he concluded. 
As Finnick had sent his brother to jail, Vivian would be lying if she said she wasn’t moved by his actions. However, there was still another culprit. 
“What about Evelyn? I believe Mark told you about her involvement,” uttered Vivian coolly.
“How did you know about that?” Finnick returned in puzzlement. Why did Vivian know that I met up with Mark? 
Vivian responded, “That’s because I was the one who told him to meet up with you.” She paused before explaining, “I have dirt on him and used that to force him to tell you the truth.” 
Oh, I see. Realization dawned on Finnick’s face. No wonder Mark spilled everything to me without hesitation.
###Chapter 618
Chapter 618 
As Finnick remained silent, Vivian’s lips curled up into a smirk. “What’s wrong? Are you suspecting me of framing Evelyn again?” 
Finnick was rather hurt by her mocking tone, but he couldn’t find any words to refute her. 
After all, he had trusted Evelyn’s lies and lost Vivian’s trust. The only thing he could do now was to offer his most sincere apology. 
“Vivian, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have believed Evelyn back then. I promise I’ll never doubt you again from now on.” 
From now on? Do we even have a future? That thought popped up in Vivian’s mind. 
“Vivian, Evelyn became a cripple because of me. She has paid dearly for her actions. Let’s just let her off this time, alright?” cajoled Finnick. 
Finnick saw firsthand how Evelyn struggled to survive over the years. She wasn’t even half of what she used to be. Evelyn used to be a popular designer, but after she lost the ability to walk, her career went down the drain. 
As he was the cause of her disability, Finnick couldn’t help but feel sorry for her. He still hated her for what she did, but guilt washed over him whenever he remembered how she had gotten into this state. 
I’ll think of it as returning her favor this time. From today onward, we both owe each other nothing. But if she hurts Vivian again, I’ll make sure she pays for her actions. 
Alas, Vivian couldn’t read his mind. When she heard him defending Evelyn, anger welled up in her chest.
Ha! Finnick is still defending Evelyn. Right, I nearly forgot that they were childhood sweethearts. They have been together for the past five years. The more Vivian thought about it, the angrier she became. 
If Finnick doesn’t want to pursue the matter, fine. But I will for all her evil deeds on me and Larry. I must make her get a taste of her own medicine! 
But of course, she didn’t say that out loud. Tamping down her irritation, Vivian put on a cool front. “I know. You can leave now. I need to get back to work.” 
Since Evelyn was more important to Finnick, there was no need to continue their conversation. 
Yet, Finnick refused to leave. He inched nearer to Vivian and said, “Vivian, it was all my fault. Will you forgive me? Can we get back together?” 
His gaze was earnest. Will she forgive me? 
Get back together? Vivian nearly burst into laughter at his ignorance. Does he seriously think I’ll return to him that easily? What does Finnick think I am? Am I something he can dump and pick up as he wishes? 
Her gaze was blazing when she looked up. 
“You must’ve misunderstood me,” she sneered. “I ordered Mark to tell you the truth, not because I want to get back together with you. I merely want you to realize your mistake!” 
Sensing her blazing hatred, Finnick stepped back in shock. He nearly lost his balance doing so. The realization struck him dumb. She hates me. She actually hates me now. 
Finnick held his breath to stop his heart from clenching in agony.
Before he came, he could imagine Vivian refusing to forgive him or yelling at him furiously just like what she did previously. Never had he expected to one day see smoldering hatred in Vivian’s eyes. 
She obviously wished she could burn him alive with her flaming hatred. 
At once, Finnick averted his gaze. His eyes were blinded momentarily. However, Vivian wasn’t done with him. 
“Finnick, do you seriously think Mark and Evelyn were the only ones who caused our child’s death?” Her words were brutal. “It was also because of you! If you hadn’t doubted me and insisted on me having an abortion, our child would be alive and living well now!”
###Chapter 619
Chapter 619 
As Vivian’s harsh accusations rang in his ears, Finnick felt an excruciating pain spreading across his entire being. He had cursed himself countless times for being foolish enough to kill his unborn child before coming to Vivian’s office, but hearing the words from her mouth was an entirely different matter. 
He couldn’t handle her accusations, which went straight into his heart like a million iron shards. 
“Vivian, I’m sorry. I know my mistake now. I…” Finnick was at a loss for words. He had already offered his sincerest apology, but could it change the reality? 
“There is no need to apologize to me,” responded Vivian. The hostility was still evident in her voice. 
“You’ve made up for your mistake by sending Mark to prison. From now on, we’ll go our separate ways. You can leave now.” 
Finnick panicked when Vivian stated her intention of making a clean break. Are we going our separate ways? No, I can’t do that! 
“Vivian, I promise I’ll make up for my mistake. I swear I’ll devote the rest of my life to you. Please, give me another chance!” Finnick went down on his knees and pleaded. 
The man had never shown his submissive side to anyone. Right now, he had put his dignity aside. 
Guilt consumed him whole, and he was suffocating from the torment. 
It had never crossed his mind that one day he’d owe someone this much. Even if he offered her his entire world in return, it still wouldn’t make up for his mistakes. 
Vivian gazed at Finnick, her emotions were in turmoil.
The Finnick she knew was a proud man. He had never begged for help, but now he was on his knees to beg for her forgiveness. She recalled the good times they had together. 
In her memories, Finnick had always treated her well. He named a charity foundation after her, helped her deal with Ashley and her mother, and consoled her whenever she was upset. The hatred in her gaze faded away as her lips curved up in a smile. We were once a happy couple. 
The contempt in her heart was about to soften when she recalled how Noah dragged her to the hospital. The helplessness and despair from then immediately crushed the happiness which had just crept into her heart. Closing her eyes, Vivian chided herself silently. 
No, I can’ never forgive Finnick! 
So what if we spent many happy times together? Those happy memories were only a tiny part of our relationship. He was cruel enough to hurt me when I refused to obey his words and he even served me with such cruelty. I will never go back to him! Who knows? He might do that to me again one day. 
Jumping to her feet, Vivian stepped away from Finnick and declared, “Give you a chance? Then, who will give me and our child a chance?” 
Sternly, she announced, “Finnick, my child died because of you. I’ll never forget that. There’s no way I’ll ever forgive you. Leave now!” 
“Vivian, I didn’t know the child was mine. If I knew it was mine, I wouldn’t have asked you to abort it.” Finnick tried to explain, but Vivian was having none of it. She shoved him away forcefully. 
“So what? That doesn’t mean you can do that to me!” Tears welled up in Vivian’s eyes. “Even if you didn’t know that child was yours, how could you kill him? He’s a living being!”
It was actually a huge misunderstanding, but none of them were aware of it. Finnick thought Vivian was referring to his suggestion of her getting an abortion in the beginning. However, Vivian was actually referring to how Noah forced her to abort her baby. 
Tears rolled down Vivian’s cheeks uncontrollably. She spun on her heels and wiped them away. When she turned to face Finnick again, her gaze was indifferent once again. 
“I will never forget what happened back then. I can never bring myself to forgive you too. Hence, we can never get back together again. Leave my office. I don’t want to see you again.” 
As heavy silence hung in the air, Finnick stood rooted to the spot. A thousand apologies wouldn’t suffice for what he’d done to hurt Vivian.
###Chapter 620
Chapter 620 
“Go away now! I don’t want to see you ever again!” Vivian yelled at Finnick. 
She felt extremely depressed due to their silence. At the same time, the immense sense of helplessness that she had five years ago filled her mind once again. At this moment, she wished to cry and shriek to release her maddening desperation. 
“Vivian, please don’t do this. Let’s talk nicely. I…” 
Sensing that Vivian was a little emotionally unstable, Finnick wanted to come up to her to comfort her. However, Vivian refused him outright and opened the door of the office instead. 
“Leave now! Go!” she yelled at Finnick while pointing at the entrance. 
After all, the office was where Vivian worked. Finnick knew that they could hardly sit down and talk now. Also, Vivian would be even more irritated if he refused to leave. 
As such, he decided to look for another opportunity to talk to Vivian about the matter again. However, there was one thing that was certain—he would never let go of her. I won’t let her go even if she hates me! 
Finnick thought about it but decided to hold his tongue. He glanced at Vivian with mixed feelings for a while and slowly left her office. 
After Finnick left the office, Vivian felt that all of her energy had drained. As such, she went weak at the knees and collapsed into the chair. 
Vivian looked pale-faced and kept gasping for air as though she was severely ill.
As she buried her head in her arms, her entire body trembled slightly. Benedict’s heart skipped a beat as soon as he entered the room and saw her. 
Earlier on, he saw that Finnick looked upset as he walked out of the office. Now that Vivian also looked terrible, he guessed that their conversation didn’t go well. 
He went up to Vivian to pat her on her back and said sympathetically, “If you don’t want to see him, we can return to A Nation. Why do you have to do this to make yourself sad?” 
There were some tears on Vivian’s face when she looked up at him. She replied sobbingly but determinedly, “Ben, I have to do this. This is the only way to protect little pumpkin and me.” 
Actually, it was heart-wrenching for her to say those things. Nonetheless, she had to persevere so that she wouldn’t lose Larry. She had to ensure that Finnick wouldn’t know his existence. 
I will do my best to protect you and Larry. You don’t have to strain yourself. Benedict thought about it deep in his heart but didn’t speak his mind. 
After all, he was aware that Vivian would never hide behind anyone to seek protection. Then, he gently put his hand on Vivian’s shoulder as a gesture to motivate her. 
Vivian lifted her gaze and put on a faint smile. “Ben, I’m alright. Don’t worry about me. You can go ahead to do your work because I’ve another meeting later.” 
After hesitating for a while, Benedict nodded and replied affirmatively, “Okay, I won’t disturb you now. However, promise me that you won’t feel dejected anymore because of this.” 
“Understood,” Vivian replied smilingly.
Although Benedict was still worried about her, he gently patted her shoulder twice and turned around to leave her office. 
He knew that his sister looked gentle on the outside but was far more stubborn and determined than many people on the inside. As such, she probably wouldn’t want him to keep her company at this moment. 
After Benedict left, Vivian calmed herself down and grabbed the document on her desk. Then, she walked out of her office and instructed her team members to attend a meeting in the meeting room. 
No matter what happened in the past, her life had to go on. 
Lately, the news about Mark being sentenced to prison spread like wildfire in Sunshine City. Coincidentally, the latest issue of the magazine was about Mark’s interview, which revealed his crimes. Since the sales of the magazine doubled, everyone put on a triumphant smile during the meeting. 
“Everyone should have known that the sales of our magazine have surpassed all other magazines of the same genre. This success is credited to your effort. Thank you so much for your hard work.” Vivian clapped her hands once she finished. “When we get off work today, should we have dinner together? My treat!”
###Chapter 621
Chapter 621 
They delightfully cheered in the meeting room because of receiving a compliment from the Chief Editor. 
“Vivian, you’re indeed awesome. How could you get the secret information about Mark?” 
“That’s right, Vivian. If you didn’t ask us to investigate Mark when he wanted to build a hotel, how could our magazine make an exclusive report about it?” 
“Vivian, you contributed the most in our success.” 
By the way, Vivian, how did you know that Mark was involved in bribery?” one of her female team members asked curiously. 
“Do you know what the sharpness of mind is?” A male team member interrupted even before Vivian could answer, “Having the sharp observation and good instinct are necessary to work in our industry. With that, we can see what others might overlook.” 
“Of course, many years of experience and being meticulous are the foundations to acquiring such skills. Well, our smart and gentle Vivian has all the above-mentioned qualities. As such, it’s nothing unusual that she knew about it earlier than all of us.” 
“Task!” As everyone glanced at him in disdain, Vivian shook her head because she was amused. 
“What do you guys mean?” The male team member pretended to be dissatisfied as he continued, “Are you questioning that Vivian does not have such qualities?” 
“Vivian is definitely awesome, but your flattery has improved a lot too.” As Sarah teased him openly, everyone in the room immediately burst into laughter.
After everyone finished laughing and quiet down, Vivian added, “Besides complimenting your effort, another purpose of having this meeting is to decide our interviewee for the next issue of the magazine. Any suggestion?” 
Once she finished, everyone was deep in thought to search for an influential public figure. Shortly afterward, Holly, one of her female team members, proposed to interview Hunter Yates. 
“Hunter Yates?” Vivian wasn’t sure if she was referring to Hunter, whom she knew. 
“He’s a well-known lawyer.” Since Holly thought that Vivian didn’t know Hunter, she began to explain excitedly. 
“He grew up overseas and only returned recently. Since then, he has swiftly risen to fame after winning a few difficult cases.” 
“Besides, he is good-looking. I met him once when I was reporting news at the court. So, I can prove that he is really handsome. I believe many female readers will be attracted by him,” another female team member chimed in. 
“Oh, he is the famous handsome lawyer, isn’t he?” Sarah was also interested and added, “Rumor says that he is very close to a female actress recently, so there are a lot of gossips about him. In that case, he is already popular among the masses. I think he really is a suitable candidate.” 
Although Vivian was a little surprised that they proposed Hunter, she basically decided to choose him after listening to their comments. 
“Alright, let’s have a vote. Raise your hand if you think we should interview Hunter.” 
Once she finished, almost every female team member raised their hands. Besides, a lot of male team members followed suit too.
“Okay. In that case, we’ve fixed our interviewee for the next issue.” Vivian didn’t have any ions, given that a majority of them raised their hands. 
“But I heard that he’s quite problematic,” one of them suddenly added, “A few magazines actually wanted to interview him before this, yet he rejected all of them. Would he agree to be our interviewee?” 
Everyone was stumped once he raised the issue. Since the magazine industry is not huge, they basically heard that Hunter refused to be interviewed. 
“Leave this to me. I’ll arrange it,” Vivian replied. She was rather confident when it came to Hunter. 
Vivian and Hunter were considered old friends as they knew each other for a long time. As such, she believed that he would accept her invitation. 
Everyone was instantly excited once Vivian said that confidently. 
Vivian had gained considerable prestige among them after Mark’s interview. As such, they didn’t doubt her ability to convince Hunter to accept their magazine company’s interview invitation.
###Chapter 622
Chapter 622 
“Vivian, are you Doraemon? How can you solve such a difficult problem? You’re indeed awesome!” 
At this moment, everyone gazed at Vivian in admiration. 
On the other hand, Shannon, who sat among them, was disgruntled. However, she didn’t utter a word, knowing that she had no channel to invite Hunter for an interview. 
Humph! You can do it only because the Morrison family is backing you! Shannon looked at her resentfully. 
Vivian actually sensed that someone was giving her a “unique” glance” but didn’t think much of it. After all, life had taught her not to care about those who were not related to her. 
After the meeting was adjourned, Vivian returned to her office and called Hunter. 
“Vivian, why are you calling me?” Hunter sounded excited over the phone. 
“I have a favor to ask.” Vivian was a little embarrassed to ask for his help. After all, she hadn’t properly thanked him for lending her a hand last time. 
“What is it?” Hunter asked delightedly. Given that Vivian needed his favor, he was excited and couldn’t ask for more. After all, he believed that they could get closer if they had more opportunities to talk. 
“I would like to invite you to an interview with our magazine company. Would you accept our invitation?” Vivian asked. 
“I see.” Hunter seemed to be hesitant about it.
“Rest assured that our magazine company will not violate your privacy. Besides, I’m sure the interview will help to boost your influence in your field.” 
Vivian tried her best to persuade him as earnestly as she could. Given that she promised everyone to arrange the interview, she didn’t wish to disappoint them. 
“Pfft!” Hunter was amused by her seriousness. “Alright, I can accept your magazine’s interview invitation on one condition.” 
“What is it?” Vivian asked immediately. At the same time, her lips curled into a smile, knowing that the invitation was almost successful. 
“The condition is that I want you to conduct the interview,” Hunter let out a wry smile as he said that. 
“I only trust you. I mean, I’ll feel insecure if another reporter interviews me. So, I’ll only accept being interviewed by you.” 
Vivian wanted to roll her eyes once Hunter finished. Insecure? This isn’t the first day that I know him! How could he have the cheek to say this? 
“Rest assured that I’ll remind my colleague not to ask any sharp questions. Is this okay?” Vivian cautiously proposed. 
She was actually aware of his feelings for her but didn’t want to face it. She didn’t love Hunter, and thus they could only be friends at most. Therefore, it was rather difficult for her to accept the condition that he proposed. 
“Vivian, as I have said earlier, I’ll only accept being interviewed by you,” Hunter suddenly said in a serious tone. Is she still unaware of my feelings even after I’ve done so many things?
As Hunter was insistent on it, Vivian recalled the moment when everyone was excited about the prospect of interviewing Hunter. After hesitating for a while, she finally agreed to it. 
“Alright, I’ll do it.” 
She hung up the phone after confirming the time and venue of the interview with him. 
She was supposed to be delighted because Hunter accepted the interview invitation. On the contrary, Vivian unknowingly felt a little irritated by it. 
She shook her head to avoid overthinking it and continued burying herself with work. 
Once Evelyn was released from prison, she instructed the driver to drive her to the hospital, where Rachel was admitted to. She soon arrived at Rachel’s ward. 
“Evelyn, are you thirsty? Do you want some water? Are you hungry? Should we go home now? I can cook dinner for you.” 
Rachel was apparently emotional and excited because Evelyn showed up suddenly. 
On the other hand, Evelyn was disgusted by the wrinkles on Rachel’s face when she smiled. As such, she felt the urge to turn around and leave. However, once she thought of her plan, she had no choice but to hold back her impulse and stood still. 
“I’m not hungry. I just need a glass of water,” Rachel replied while glancing away.
###Chapter 623
Chapter 623 
She felt sick whenever she glanced at Rachel, who looked like a walking dead now. 
“Oh, okay. I’ll get a glass of water for you now.” Rachel hastily grabbed a glass from the table but still stared at Evelyn. 
Since Rachel walked backward while she talked, she didn’t realize a small tool behind her. As such, she tripped over it and fell. Also, the glass was broken and shattered all over the floor. 
Evelyn immediately glanced away in disgust after witnessing it. She’s not a kid anymore! This is so embarrassing! 
“Evelyn, did the broken pieces of glass cut your skin? Are you alright?” 
After getting up, Rachel’s first reaction was to rush toward Evelyn and check if she was injured. 
“I’m fine. You should be careful,” Evelyn knitted her brows and said impatiently. 
“I know. I’ll be careful next time. Wait a minute. Let me get another glass of water for you,” Rachel said as she looked at Evelyn with guilt. 
Deep down, Rachel scolded herself for being old and useless, for she couldn’t even get a glass of water for her daughter. 
She hastily grabbed another glass on the table and limped toward the water dispenser. Her knee was probably scraped when she fell to the floor earlier on. However, she wasn’t bothered by the pain in her knee. 
After filling up the glass, she smilingly handed it over to Evelyn and said, “Evelyn, have some water.”
Actually, Rachel’s hand was also scrapped by the broken pieces of glass and bleeding. She didn’t notice that she accidentally stained the glass with her blood. 
On the other hand, Evelyn was about to lose it once she noticed the crimson stain. Is this lowly woman really my biological mother? How do I ever muster up the courage to acknowledge her as my mother? 
Evelyn didn’t take the glass from her and held back her anger. “I don’t want to drink it now. Please put it aside.” 
Stunned for a while, Rachel recollected herself and said, Alright, I’ll put it aside. Just tell me when you want to have some water, and I can get it for you. It’s not convenient for you to walk now.” 
Rachel gazed at Evelyn’s leg when she was talking. The next moment, tears streamed down her face uncontrollably. God is unfair. Since I was at fault, why would He let my daughter bear the punishment for me instead? I deserve to go to hell, but Evelyn… she’s still young. 
Evelyn frustratedly pulled the blanket that covered her legs. Deep in her heart, she didn’t want to stay in the ward any longer. 
“I’m here to tell you that I’m willing to donate my bone marrow to save your life,” Evelyn furrowed her brows while explaining her reason for being there. 
“Really?” Rachel found it hard to believe. “Evelyn, are you really willing to save me?” 
Rachel couldn’t help but cry because she was touched. Evelyn still loves me because I’m her mom, after all. Since we’re related by blood, Evelyn won’t leave me stranded. 
“Didn’t I say it already?” Evelyn got a little impatient. “Remember to tell Vivian about it. I’m going to see the doctor now.”
Once Evelyn finished, she wanted to leave the ward in the wheelchair but was stopped by Rachel. 
“Evelyn, why must I tell Vivian about it? Also, since you’re not that convenient, let me bring you to see the doctor.” 
“Don’t ask me why and just tell her about it. Just do as I said!” In the end, Evelyn couldn’t hold in her anger and yelled at Rachel. 
“Evelyn, please don’t get angry. It was my fault. I shouldn’t ask so many questions. Please calm down, and I promise that I won’t ask about it further,” Rachel immediately comforted her because she was pissed off. 
After a while, Evelyn realized that it wasn’t the right time for her to vent her anger. 
As such, she calmed herself down and said, “Vivian looked for me once and told me about your condition. So, I want you to inform her so that she won’t be worried about it. Since you’re not feeling well, just stay in the ward to get more rest. I can see the doctor myself.” 
“Alright, I’ll do as you said. I’ll give Vivian a phone call right away. Be careful when you leave.”
###Chapter 624
Chapter 624 
After listening to Evelyn’s explanation, Rachel couldn’t stop smiling. She was touched that Evelyn cared about her very much. 
Evelyn murmured a response and quickly left the ward in her wheelchair. She didn’t even notice the smile of happiness on Rachel’s face. 
As soon as she exited the ward, Evelyn took a deep breath and stopped hiding her repugnance for Rachel. I will never acknowledge her as my mom for the rest of my life! I would rather die than live in shame because of her! 
Miles away, Vivian’s phone suddenly rang when she was working. She grabbed her phone and noticed that it was her mom’s call. 
Vivian hastily answered the call. Given that Rachel hadn’t given her a call for a long time, she thought that Rachel had met with some emergencies. 
“Vivian, did you look for Evelyn? She came to see me today,” Rachel said excitedly over the phone, “Besides, she agreed to donate her bone marrow to me! Thank you very much!” 
“Really?” Vivian asked nervously. Why would Evelyn be so kind-hearted all of a sudden? 
“Yes, it’s true. She’s in the hospital now to undergo the relevant check-up,” Rachel continued smilingly. 
In that case, she isn’t giving mom an empty promise. Vivian was rather shocked. Well, was she moved by what I said? 
“I’m coming to the hospital now to visit you. We’ll talk later. I’ll call you again when I arrive.” As Vivian found it hard to believe, she decided to check it out by herself in the hospital.
“Okay, I’ll wait for your call,” Rachel was still on cloud nine after hanging up the phone. 
Vivian grabbed her bag and trotted downstairs. Then, she drove toward the hospital where Rachel was admitted to. 
When Vivian arrived at Rachel’s ward, there was no one in it. She called Rachel and was told that both of them were undergoing relevant medical check-ups in another room. 
She immediately asked for the location and ran toward the examination room. Finally, she saw Rachel and Evelyn inside. 
“How is it?” Vivian asked while panting. 
Before Rachel could say anything, Evelyn interrupted, “The doctor said that her condition isn’t satisfactory. Alas, it was my fault. Ms. Rachel would have recovered by now if I donated my bone marrow to her earlier.” 
As she spoke, tears began to stream down her face. She grabbed Rachel’s wrinkled hands and said, “Ms. Rachel, I’m so sorry. It was my fault. I didn’t know that you’re severely ill. Why didn’t you tell me earlier about your illness?” 
Rachel was heartbroken to see Evelyn cried. She immediately wiped away Evelyn’s tears and said, “Girl, how can you blame yourself for it? You don’t have to cry.” 
The next moment, Evelyn felt disgusted once Rachel caressed her face. Damn it! When did I allow her to touch my face! 
Nonetheless, because Vivian stood next to them, she couldn’t push Rachel’s hand away. Hence, she had no choice but to bear with her revulsion. Eww, why hasn’t she put her hand away? I mean… is she addicted to touching my face? I am going to vomit very soon!
Even though they seemed to be close to each other like a mother and a daughter, Vivian wasn’t touched by it. Instead, she unknowingly felt that the atmosphere was rather weird. 
Evelyn seems to be totally different from who she was before. Is it possible for anyone to change her personality all of a sudden? Or does she have any hidden agenda to scheme against me? 
After completing the check-ups, Vivian, Evelyn, and Rachel returned to the ward together. 
Once they arrived, Evelyn grabbed Vivian’s hands and began sobbing. As Vivian was shocked, she couldn’t help but try to guess what Evelyn was trying to do. 
“Vivian, can you lend me a hand? I’m begging you. Please help me.” Evelyn looked pitiful with tears all over her face. 
Vivian looked at her bewilderedly. She didn’t understand what Evelyn meant. 
Meanwhile, Rachel was heartbroken and said sobbingly, “Evelyn, please don’t cry. Tell us what it is about. Don’t worry because Vivian will definitely help you.” 
“Really?” Evelyn pretended to be surprised and gazed at Vivian. “Vivian, will you really help me?”
###Chapter 625
Chapter 625 
“Yes, tell us what it is about,” Rachel answered on behalf of Vivian. 
Although Vivian was a little displeased, she wouldn’t argue with Rachel about it. 
“Tell us what it is about, and I’ll see if I can do it,” Vivian replied cautiously. She dared not agree to Evelyn’s request immediately, worrying that she would ask her to do something peculiar. 
“It’s definitely within your capacity!” Evelyn wiped away her tears and said confidently, “Since Finnick always listens to you, please plead with him for me.” 
Vivian’s expression turned cold once she heard Finnick’s name. I knew that Evelyn wouldn’t be that kind-hearted! It looks like she has been waiting for me here. 
“I’m sorry. I can’t help you with that,” Vivian rejected coldly. 
“Why can’t you help me with that?” Evelyn got nervous and grabbed Vivian’s hand. “Vivian, Finnick doesn’t want to see me now. He’s mad at me this time. Can you plead with him for me? I understand that it was my fault in the past, but please forgive me.” 
Even though Rachel wasn’t sure what they were referring to, tears uncontrollably welled up in her eyes as she saw Evelyn crying. 
As such, she began to persuade Vivian, “That’s right, Vivian. If Evelyn did something wrong in the past, I will apologize on her behalf. Can you just lend her a hand?” 
Vivian was rather dejected because Rachel didn’t even ask what was going on. How can Rachel play favorites?
“I really can’t help her,” Vivian looked at Rachel seriously and continued, “What happened between Finnick and her is their personal matter. I don’t want to poke my nose into it. Neither do I have the right to interfere.” 
“Why can’t you interfere?” Rachel was even more anxious than Evelyn. “Asking Finnick to forgive Evelyn is like lifting a finger. How complicated can their relationship be?” 
“It’s not as easy as you think.” Vivian wasn’t sure how to put it into words. “Besides, you should know what happened between Finnick and me now. So, I really can’t help you with that.” 
As Rachel wanted to say something, Evelyn suddenly stopped her and added, “Ms. Rachel, since Vivian isn’t willing to help me, just let it go. I’ll have to plead with Finnick myself.” 
Then, she turned her wheelchair around and wanted to leave with tears on her face. 
As expected, Rachel wouldn’t let her leave. “Evelyn, please don’t go now. Let me talk to Vivian again. She will definitely help you.” 
After that, Rachel turned around to drag Vivian over and said, “Vivian, can you please agree to Evelyn’s request? I beg you.” 
Vivian was rendered speechless once Rachel said so. Although she could never agree to it, she could hardly reject Rachel’s request either. 
As Vivian was in a dilemma, Evelyn said, “Ms. Rachel, I’ll find ways to solve it. Since I did something wrong in the past, I can understand that she doesn’t forgive me. I don’t have cheeks to ask a favor from her.” 
Tears streamed down her face again, yet she didn’t wipe them away but let them drop to the floor. At this moment, nearly everyone would feel pity for her.
The next moment, she left the ward even though Rachel stopped her. Rachel immediately caught up with her to comfort her and left Vivian in the ward alone. 
She was a little irritated because Evelyn kept hinting before Rachel that she was holding grudges. Is this the real motive that she agreed to donate her bone marrow? 
Not long after that, Rachel came back sobbingly and held Vivian’s hand. 
“Vivian, I beg you to speak well for Evelyn to Finnick. Evelyn is already pitiful because she lost both her legs. Besides, she likes Finnick very much. If Finnick ignores her from now on, how can she continue living?” 
Vivian was bitterly disappointed when Rachel said that. It turned out that Rachel actually knew that Evelyn liked Finnick. If so, why would she say such things to me? 
Evelyn had a fallout with Finnick, but he is now my ex-husband. How can she persuade me to convince my husband to reconcile with another woman? This is ridiculous!
###Chapter 626
Chapter 626 
Ever since I arrived, Rachel hasn’t shown me any concern. Instead, all her attention was focused on Evelyn. It’s clear that the adopted daughter plays second fiddle to the biological one. 
Nevertheless, Vivian explained respectfully, “Not that I refuse to help, it’s just that Finnick and I are divorced. Hence, I have no right to interfere in his affairs and neither do I want to have any contact with him. It’s better to let them sort out the problem themselves.” 
Vivian assumed that Rachel would give up after she clearly stated her stance. However, Rachel was still persistent. 
“Although you are divorced, your words must still carry some weight for old time’s sake. Why don’t you just give him a call and persuade him to forgive Evelyn?” 
When she saw how Rachel was pleading, Vivian couldn’t help but feel conflicted. She remembered that Rachel hated begging. But now, she was willing to lower herself for Evelyn’s sake. 
Vivian now felt it necessary to tell Rachel the truth. Perhaps, Rachel would no longer pressure her after learning about it. 
Suppressing her bitterness, Vivian asked coldly, “In that case, do you know why Finnick is ignoring Evelyn?” 
Rachel was stunned by the question and shook her head. “No matter what it is, he can’t treat Evelyn that way. He should give in as she is a cripple. How can he be so cruel as to abandon her?” 
Vivian tried her best to suppress the rage that was swelling within her and explained, “Five years ago, Evelyn got someone to kidnap me and almost raped me. Luckily, Benedict saved me in time and thwarted her plans. Finnick is ignoring her because he found out about this.”
“That’s impossible!” Rachel covered her mouth in disbelief. “How can such a kind soul like Evelyn do something like that?” 
A kind soul? Vivian laughed wryly in her heart and she figured only Rachel would think that Evelyn was kind. “Do you think I’ll lie to you about something like that?” 
When she saw the intensity in Vivian’s eyes, Rachel had a feeling that she was telling the truth. She wondered if Evelyn really did do something as terrible as that. 
“Vivian, let me apologize on behalf of Evelyn. I’m sorry. It was her fault then and she didn’t know any better. Please don’t hold it against her. Now that she has repented, can you help her plead with Finnick to forgive her? Since Finnick is angry at Evelyn on your account, it means that he still has feelings for you. Hence, he definitely will be willing to listen to you.” 
Vivian looked at Rachel in shock. “After knowing what she did to me, you still expect me to plead on her behalf?” 
Despite having been raised by Rachel, do I really not matter to her at all? 
When Rachel saw the sorrow on Vivian’s face, she couldn’t help but feel conflicted. She knew that her request was unreasonable, but it broke her heart to see how sad Evelyn was. 
“Vivian, I raised you myself and know that you are an extremely kind person. Hence, I hope you can be magnanimous and forgive Evelyn, alright? Today, you can see for yourself how devastated Evelyn is. She really has repented. Why don’t you help her and she will be eternally grateful?” 
Vivian felt as if a giant hole was blown open in her heart and Rachel’s words like an icy breeze that filled the void. It was so cold that it caused her body to shudder.
Even though I am not Rachel’s biological daughter, I have treated her as my mom for more than twenty years. How can she bear to do this to me? Can it be that she only sees Evelyn as her daughter? Then, who am I supposed to be? 
No longer wanting to stay, Vivian replied in a choking voice, “Alright. Let me think about it. In the meantime, why don’t you get some rest? I’ll come to see you again when I have time.” 
Rachel’s face lit up when she heard that Vivian was willing to consider her request. “Do give my request some consideration and call me when you have seen the light. Evelyn will be delighted to hear the news.” 
Why am I the one that doesn’t see the light? Vivian felt her eyes burn. 
After reminding Rachel to take good care of herself, Vivian left the ward.
###Chapter 627
Chapter 627 
Vivian walked slowly back home as she didn’t drive. As the cold wind blew, it constantly dried the tears that were streaming down her cheeks. 
Today, she mourned the loss of a family member figuratively. 
After a few days, when Vivian was at work, she received a call from Rachel. She informed Vivian that the test report showed that Evelyn’s bone marrow was a match. With some preparation, they would be able to undergo the operation. 
Vivian was delighted to hear the news. Although Rachel’s recent actions had saddened her, Vivian still hoped that she could lead a healthy life. 
At the end of the day, Rachel had raised her and occupied an important place in her heart. 
“Vivian, have you come to a decision on Evelyn’s matter?” Rachel asked in a probing manner. 
Vivian’s smile dissipated immediately as she replied in a dispassionate tone, “Let’s talk about it later. For now, we should focus on your health and get you prepared for the operation.” 
“Alright, another time then. I’m sure you need more time to consider.” Rachel was embarrassed to push the matter further. 
After acknowledging Rachel, Vivian ended the call. When she looked at the proposal in front of her, she realized that she was too frustrated to do any work. 
For the last few days, her gloomy mood had unsettled her and affected her performance at work. 
It was under such circumstances that the time for her interview with Hunter arrived.
After preparing the material and questions for the interview, Vivian received a call from Hunter before she had the opportunity to call him. 
“Vivian, I’m at your office entrance. Come down quickly.” Hunter sounded excited. “Have you forgotten that you have to interview me today?” 
“Huh? No, how could I forget? It’s just…” Shouldn’t I be the one going over to see Hunter instead? Why have the roles been reversed? 
“What were you saying?” Hunter asked inquisitively. “Could it be that you’re busy today?” 
“It’s nothing. I’m heading down now. Please wait for me.” Vivian ended the call after she replied. She began to feel something was amiss as this didn’t fit the standard procedure of an interview. 
However, as Hunter was already waiting downstairs, there was no time for her to overthink it. Grabbing the material she prepared, she hurried downstairs quickly. 
The moment she arrived, she was met by Hunter’s glowing smile. “Get in, I’ve already booked the place where we’re going to have the interview.” 
“Didn’t we agree to have it at your law firm?” Vivian asked quizzically. 
“No, not there.” Hunter shook his head immediately. “After giving it some thought, I felt that law firm just feels too rigid for an interview. Hence, I decided to look for another place.” 
“Where?” Vivian wanted to know. 
“You will know when we get there.” Hunter kept her in suspense. “Get in first.” 
When she saw how mysterious Hunter was behaving, Vivian was both amused and curious at the same time. Whatever. I don’t really care where it is as long as I can get the job done.
Getting out of the car when they arrived, Vivian realized that Hunter had brought her to a high-end restaurant. 
“What are we doing here?” She was puzzled. 
“Having a meal,” Hunter replied as a matter-of-factly. “Think about it. We can do the interview while we eat. The ambiance will be quiet and romantic, backed by the melodious violin playing in the background. Isn’t that wonderful?” 
It did sound like a charming idea to which Vivian nodded in agreement. “Let’s go in then.” 
“Sure.” Following behind Vivian, Hunter let out a triumphant smile. 
Upon entry, both of them were ushered to a table by the corner. When Vivian saw the table in a dim corner illuminated by the candlelight, she couldn’t help but furrow her brows. 
“The light here isn’t good enough. We may not get a good picture for our photo later.” 
“Erm…” Hunter hesitated for a moment before suggesting, “It’s alright. When the interview is over, we can find a brighter place for the photo.” 
“That works.” Vivian nodded as she had no other choice. “Shall we begin the interview?”
###Chapter 628
Chapter 628 
“Don’t be in such a hurry.” Hunter laughed. “Let’s wait for the food to be served and then we can chat.” 
Having heard what Hunter said, Vivian stopped herself when she was about to take her material out from her bag. “Alright. We will start later then.” As Hunter was the interviewee today, he had the prerogative to decide how it was going to be done. 
“Vivian, today seems to be the first time we are meeting for work, isn’t it?” Hunter looked at Vivian with a gentle smile. 
“That’s right.” Vivian returned his smile. “Also, I just got to know that you are a famous lawyer.” 
“Is that so? Do I not usually look like one?” Hunter put on a serious face on purpose, causing Vivian to burst into laughter. 
When he saw Vivian’s smile, Hunter felt as if his heart was melted by it. “Therefore, to commemorate our first business exchange, I have a gift for you.” 
Hunter snapped his fingers when he finished and a waiter brought out a bouquet of flowers from underneath the kitchen trolley. 
“Ms. Morrison, Mr. Yates would like to present you with these flowers.” The waiter bowed and put the flowers beside Vivian. 
When she saw the fresh roses in front of her, Vivian gave Hunter a frantic look. She wondered what he was up to and why did he choose red roses on purpose. 
Raising his hands to dismiss the waiter, Hunter retrieved a gift box from his pocket and opened it. Inside it was a diamond necklace. Illuminated by the candlelight, its sparkle dazzled the eyes.
Pushing the necklace toward her, Hunter remarked in a gentle tone, “When I was choosing it, I found that this design is perfect for you. I wonder if you like it?” 
“This is just an ordinary interview and it’s not like we don’t know each other. Hence, there’s no need for you to be so generous.” Vivian pushed the necklace back. “This gift is simply too expensive for me to accept.” 
“Perhaps it’s just an ordinary interview for you. But, it means something very different to me,” Hunter remarked as he stared at Vivian longingly. 
“What do you mean by this?” Vivian’s expression darkened as she knew Hunter wouldn’t present her with something so valuable for no reason. 
“Vivian, don’t you get it?” Vivian had never seen him so serious before, which made her panic further. 
“Get what?” She hoped that it wasn’t what she thought it was. 
“My feelings for you,” Hunter continued, “Vivian, I like you.” 
Vivian’s heart skipped a beat at Hunter’s confession and was at a loss at how to react. 
Lowering her head in thought for a long while, she replied, “Didn’t you say that you would not follow Evelyn’s instructions to pursue me? So what are you doing now?” 
“Don’t worry. Since I have promised not to conspire with Evelyn against you, I will keep my word.” Hunter’s expression was serious. “Vivian, this time I’m not doing Evelyn’s bidding. Instead, I really want to make you mine.” 
Vivian was stunned by Hunter’s words and didn’t know how to deal with the situation.
“Ms. Morrison, Mr. Yates, your dinner is ready. Would you like it to be served now?” Just when Vivian was lost in panic, the waiter approached them to ask. 
“Alright, please go ahead.” As if she was saved by the bell, Vivian answered the waiter quickly. 
After the waiter nodded and left, Vivian turned her attention back to Hunter. “Let’s talk about that next time. For today, we agreed for you to be interviewed. Now that dinner is about to be served, let us begin.” 
Hunter felt bad when he saw how nervous Vivian was. Hence, he nodded in agreement. After all, there was no way he could rush the matter. 
“Alright, let’s start with the interview.” 
Having heard Hunter’s words, Vivian heaved a sigh of relief and brought out the questions and recording pen she had prepared. 
“Tell us why you chose to be a lawyer?” 
“What do you think a lawyer’s responsibilities are and what values should one have?” 
Vivian’s early questions were quite procedural to which Hunter answered as best as he could. Many of the opinions he shared caused Vivian to gaped in awe. She didn’t believe the words that were coming out of the mouth of the playboy she knew.
###Chapter 629
Chapter 629 
Evidently, Hunter had made a name for himself within the legal fraternity of Sunshine City, right after returning from overseas. It was a testament to his capabilities. 
At the end of the interview, Vivian asked a couple of gossipy questions that the public was generally interested in. Such as the rumor about Hunter and wildly popular actress Scarlett Jonas. 
“Everyone wants to know if the rumors of you and Scarlett are true?” 
Vivian didn’t plan to ask such a nosy question but she had no choice as her readers were very interested in it. For the sake of the magazine’s sales, she had to bow to the demands of the market. 
“What rumors?” Hunter leaned back into his chair and asked with his eyebrow raised. 
“According to them, both of you are a couple.” Vivian was stung by how awkward the question was, but as an experienced reporter, she hid it well with a natural smile. 
Suddenly, Hunter put a hand on the table to support his chin as he gave Vivian a mischievous look. “Does everyone want to know or do you want to know?” 
He threw the question back at her. 
“The public is interested to know, and that of course includes yours truly. Would you mind to share?” Vivian replied in a professional tone. 
“So, it appears that you are curious about this.” Evidently, Hunter chose to hear what he wanted as he smiled faintly. “Since you are interested in whether I have a relationship with another woman, can I say presume that you are jealous?”
“What?” Vivian thought she had heard wrongly. What a joke! Me, jealous? What does that have anything to do with me? In truth, she had hoped that there was something between Hunter and Scarlett. 
“I said,” Hunter smiled affectionately as he repeated, “you are being jealous.” 
“I think you have misunderstood.” After confirming that she didn’t hear wrongly, Vivian quickly explained, “This is just an interview. Hence, my question stems from our readers’ interest in knowing what your relationship with Scarlett is. It doesn’t represent any personal views of mine.” 
“Is that so?” Hunter was visibly disappointed. “If you are interested to know, I’m willing to explain it. But since you aren’t, then there’s no point in doing so. I’m sorry, I decline to answer this question as it has no bearing on my profession. 
Vivian was miffed by Hunter’s answer. It’s fine if he declines to answer but why does he have to tease me that way. 
Before the interview, her colleague at the magazine had pleaded with her to get the answer to this question, placing her in a dilemma. Since even her colleagues were interested to know, it indicated that the readers’ appetite was even larger. 
If Hunter was willing to relate the matter to her, she could use it as a sensational headline to boost the magazine’s sales to new records. 
Since she was here for work, Vivian hesitated before requesting, “Just take it that I am the one who’s interested to know. Can you shed some light on the matter?” 
“What do you mean ‘take it’? Don’t you really want to know?” Hunter pressed on 
Vivian rolled her eyes at Hunter being difficult on purpose.
“Yes, I do want to know. Can you tell me now?” Vivian’s tone was tinged with exasperation as she pursed her lips, which was a habit of hers when she was angry. 
Hunter found her adorable when she did that. It was also his first time seeing her react in such a feminine manner, making him wonder if they were making progress in their relationship. 
Holding that thought, Hunter couldn’t help but express his delight with a wide grin. 
He was now absolutely sure of his feelings for Vivian, who was sitting opposite him right now. 
Prior to this, he would be interested in every pretty girl he saw. But now, he wasn’t interested in anyone else other than Vivian. It was normal for him to have ladies throw themselves in his direction. He used to accept their advances but currently, he found them boring instead. 
He wasn’t even aware of the moment he had begun to focus his sights on her.
###Chapter 630
Chapter 630 
Despite his gradually fading smile, his eyes couldn’t hide their delight. His tone was also exceedingly gentle to the extent one would cringe at it. 
“Scarlett has sought my help for a court case relating to a sponsorship deal of hers. Hence, we met a few times and coincidentally had our picture taken. Our relationship is strictly professional. Hence, the rumors out there are untrue. You mustn’t believe them and shouldn’t worry about it too.” 
“Why should I worry?” Vivian was puzzled. 
“You are all that matters to me,” Hunter declared all of a sudden. 
What the hell is this? Vivian’s heart was thrown into disarray by Hunter’s words. Their relationship seemed to be going in a direction that was out of her control. 
No, I can’t let this continue. She had no feelings for Hunter, and she wanted to make it clear so that he wouldn’t fall deeper into the relationship. 
“Hunter, between us, there’s no…” Just as she spoke, Vivian was interrupted by her ringing phone. 
When she checked, she saw that it was Evelyn on the line. After hesitating a moment, Vivian decided to answer as she was worried that it had something to do with Rachel. 
“Vivian, are you tomorrow?” Evelyn asked with a smile. 
“Why?” Vivian furrowed her eyebrows. 
“If you’re , I would like to invite you to watch an opera.”
Vivian was unsettled by Evelyn’s invitation and didn’t feel like agreeing. However, the thought of Evelyn agreeing to donate her bone marrow to Rachel caused Vivian to waver. She was still grateful to Evelyn for helping Rachel. 
“Alright. What time will it be tomorrow?” 
After agreeing on a time, Vivian ended the call. 
“Who is it?” Hunter asked when he saw Vivian’s mood change after the call. 
“Evelyn,” Vivian casually replied. 
Hunter was instantly wary when he heard it was Evelyn who called. “What does she want with you?” 
Vivian was touched when she detected the concern in his voice. “She invited me to watch an opera with her tomorrow.” 
Hunter knitted his eyebrows deep in thought. Based on his understanding of Evelyn, he was sure that she harbored ill intentions. Therefore, there was a high chance that Vivian’s life would be in danger. 
Holding that thought, Hunter raised his gaze at Vivian. “I’ll go with you tomorrow.” 
“What for?” Vivian didn’t agree. The fact that Hunter just confessed his feelings to her had caused her to decide that she needed to keep some distance between them. “I’m fine going alone.” 
“Have you forgotten about Evelyn’s scheme for me to get close to you?” Hunter asked. “Only by appearing together tomorrow would she believe that I am serious about pursuing you. Only then would she trust me enough to share with me her plans to harm you. Furthermore, I would also like to remind you to be careful.”
Vivian was moved by Hunter’s words. Evelyn was indeed a huge threat to both herself and Larry. Therefore, she had to remain vigilant. 
If Hunter could gain Evelyn’s confidence, it would indeed ease Vivian’s fears significantly. 
Nevertheless, despite being aware of Hunter’s intentions, Vivian felt bad for having him do this as it felt like she was using him. 
Just when she was hesitating, Hunter raised his hand and smiled at what was behind her. 
Turning around in curiosity, Vivian saw a beautiful lady with long hair smiling back at her. No wait, she is smiling at Hunter. 
“She is an old friend of mine,” Hunter explained when he saw the quizzical look on Vivian’s face. 
Vivian lamented the fact that he had female friends everywhere and they were all gorgeous. 
Nevertheless, she felt relieved at what she had just seen. 
It appeared that Hunter’s confession might not be as sincere as she thought. After all, he might have even said the same thing to the lady in front of her. He had always been a playboy and Vivian felt that it was she who had taken him too seriously. 
With that thought in mind, the pressure she felt eased significantly. 
“Vivian, it’s better that I go with you tomorrow as I’m worried about you going alone,” Hunter insisted.
###Chapter 631
Chapter 631 
After giving it some thought, Vivian finally agreed. “Fine. I’ll call you tomorrow then.” 
“Alright.” Hunter replied with a smile. 
“Anyway, let’s continue with the interview. I still have a few more questions for you.” Vivian picked up the materials she brought with her. 
After asking a few more questions, the interview came to an end. Vivian heaved a sigh of relief as the interview had come to a successful conclusion. 
“Let me send you home,” Hunter offered. 
“It’s alright. I can go back by myself, there’s no need to trouble you,” Vivian declined with a smile. 
“Vivian, it’s basic manners for a man to escort a lady home. Are you even going to deny me that opportunity?” 
When Hunter put it that way, Vivian had no excuse to reject him. Given how direct he was, she would be making an unnecessary fuss by declining further. 
“Fine then, sorry for the trouble.” Vivian saw that the sky had begun to darken outside. 
“There’s no need to be a stranger with me,” Hunter replied with a smile. 
After waving to the waiter to get the bill, Hunter drove Vivian back to the Morrison residence. 
As both of them chatted away in the car, Vivian was still on edge as she was worried Hunter would declare his feelings for her again.
However, when he didn’t bring the matter up, it reinforced her belief that his earlier confession was likely made in jest. 
“Thanks for sending me home,” Vivian thanked him as she unbuckled her safety belt and prepared to alight. 
“Wait,” Hunter called out to her and brought out the roses and gift box. “Vivian, I have painstakingly chosen these and they represent my feelings toward you. So, please keep them.” 
“They’re too expensive,” Vivian declined at once. “I won’t accept anything I don’t deserve.” 
Well aware of how stubborn she can be, Hunter didn’t push the matter further. 
“I understand if you can’t accept the necklace due to how expensive it is. But, I’m sure you have no excuse not to accept the flowers. If you don’t like the beautiful flowers, I’ll have no choice but to bin them. 
“I…” Vivian felt conflicted by Hunter’s words and had no excuse to turn down the flowers. 
“Alright.” She accepted them from Hunter with a smile. “Thank you.” 
“I already told you that you don’t have to stand on ceremony with me.” 
After smiling politely, Vivian alighted while bidding farewell, “I’m going in. You should head back and be careful along the way.” 
Nodding in acknowledgment, Hunter turned the car around and left. 
Looking at the bouquet of roses in her hand, Vivian sighed and felt as if she had a headache. 
“Mommy, you’re home!” The moment she entered, she saw Larry rushing over and throwing himself at her.
Kneeling to pick him up, Vivian kissed his face affectionately. “Did you finish the homework your teacher gave you?” 
“I’ve finished them a long time ago,” Larry replied as he looked at the bunch of roses Vivian was holding curiously. “Mommy, those flowers are beautiful. Did someone else give them to you?” 
Wise beyond his age, Larry was well aware of what the roses meant and wondered if someone was pursuing his mommy. If that’s true, what’s going to happen to Daddy? 
“You cheeky little pumpkin,” Vivian couldn’t help but smile while tapping on Larry’s head. She then put the roses by the table without intending to answer his question. 
After all, it was awkward to discuss such matters with her son. 
“Wow, what did Ms. Booker cook today that smells so delicious? Let’s wash our hands and get ready for dinner.” Changing the subject, Vivian held Larry’s hand as she led him to the dining table. 
However, it wasn’t going to be easy to throw him off. As he held onto Vivian’s arm, he asked anxiously, “Mommy, tell me. Who gave you the flowers?” 
“What flowers?” Benedict, who had just came out from the study, heard what Larry said as he descended the stairs. 
After letting Vivian’s arm go, Larry went to the table to pick up the flowers. 
The big bouquet covered his entire face from view. Behind him, one could hear his excited yet anxious voice. “Uncle Benedict, look! Someone gave Mommy a bunch of roses.”
###Chapter 632
Chapter 632 
Quickening his pace, Benedict stared at the flowers in front of him. His gaze was filled with both delight and concern. 
Delighted because Vivian had finally decided to open herself up emotionally given that she was willing to accept someone else’s flowers. After all, it was considered a good start. However, he was worried that she might meet someone wrong and be hurt all over again. 
“Vivian, who gave you the flowers?” Benedict asked the same question Larry did. 
Shaking her head, Vivian explained, “I only accepted it because there was no way to decline. Ben, don’t make too much out of it.” 
Despite what she said, it was the first time he saw her bringing back a bouquet of flowers after so many years. Hence, it was understandable for him to be concerned given how much he cares about his sister. 
Having approached her, Benedict solemnly reminded, “Vivian, if you have really met someone, don’t hold yourself back. Remember to seize the opportunity to find happiness. I’ll be behind you in whatever you do.” 
“Mmm-hmm.” Vivian nodded as she was touched by his words. “I know, Ben.” 
“Does the person who gave you the flowers really not have a chance?” Benedict probed. “Can you tell me who it is? After all, it’s my duty as your brother to look out for you.” 
Vivian couldn’t help but smile at Benedict’s question. “Ben, I promise you that if I really meet someone suitable, I will give it a chance. However,” she looked at the flowers Larry was holding and shook her
head before adding, “this man doesn’t stand a chance. Hence, there’s no need to introduce him to you.” 
As it was now obvious she didn’t fancy the person who gave her the flowers, Benedict felt disappointed. Nevertheless, he still maintained his gentle smile. “Since it’s not a possibility, let’s stop talking about it. Come, it’s time for dinner.” 
Although he had hoped that Vivian would meet someone new, forget the bitter memories from her time with Finnick, and find her own happiness, he knew it wasn’t something that could be rushed. Most importantly, she had to have feelings for that person. 
After grunting in acknowledgment, Vivian was both moved and relieved. 
She had a good idea of what Benedict was thinking about. However, she knew he would never force her to do something that she wasn’t willing to do. He really cares a lot about me. 
“Little pumpkin, put down the flowers. Let’s go wash your hands,” Vivian instructed as she turned to look at Larry. 
“Okay.” Putting the flowers back where he took them, Larry let out a long sigh with his back facing Vivian. Luckily, Mommy doesn’t like the man who gave her the flowers. Or else, what’s going to happen to Daddy? 
As he ambled to Vivian’s side, he obediently followed her to wash his hands. However, his expression was still filled with concern. 
Although Mommy doesn’t like the man who gave her the flowers, she is still very pretty and would definitely have other suitors sooner or later. If Mommy falls for someone else, wouldn’t I then have a step-dad?
With that thought in mind, Larry shook his head vehemently. That can never happen! He didn’t want a step-dad. Instead, he just wanted Daddy. Daddy is so awesome and only he is compatible with Mommy. 
“What’s wrong?” Vivian asked when she saw Larry shaking his head all of a sudden. Placing her hand on his forehead to check, she realized it wasn’t hot. “Little pumpkin, are you feeling alright?” 
“It’s nothing. My neck was just itchy just now.” Larry replied with a random excuse as his heart raced nervously. 
Vivian suspected nothing as she gently slapped his neck. “Is it still itchy?” 
“Not anymore.” Larry answered. 
“Let’s go have dinner then.” Vivian helped Larry dry his hands. 
As Vivian carry him to the dining table, Larry resolved in his heart to find out the true reason Daddy and Mommy split up. 
However, how am I going to go about doing it? He fell into another dilemma. 
The next day, Vivian went to the office after dropping Larry off at school. Her appointment with Evelyn to watch the opera together was in the afternoon. 
After leaving work at noon, she gave Hunter a call. She agreed to meet him in front of her office so that they could go to the opera house together.
###Chapter 633
Chapter 633 
“Vivian, let’s go in my car.” Hunter arrived in less than half an hour and stopped Vivian from going toward her car. 
When he saw Vivian hesitating, Hunter added, “If we drive our own cars, I’m afraid Evelyn won’t believe that we are going out with each other.” 
After giving his words some thought, Vivian nodded and joined him in his car. 
On the way to the opera house, Vivian looked out the window in a daze. 
When Hunter saw her spacing out, he wondered if he should make some small talk but decided against it for fear that it would get on her nerves. 
When they arrived at the opera house, Vivian’s gaze darkened at the sight of Evelyn who was waiting by the entrance. 
No matter the reason for the invitation, she wasn’t going to allow Evelyn to get what she wanted. 
When Evelyn saw Vivian and Hunter together, she couldn’t help but let out a triumphant smile. It seems Hunter has made good progress as Vivian seems to be into him. Hmph! She really is a fool. 
“Vivian, Hunter, you’re here.” Evelyn greeted them with a smile. 
“I hope I’m not imposing by coming uninvited,” Hunter responded with a smile while Vivian didn’t say a word. 
“Of course not,” Evelyn replied with a grin. “I can understand when new couples just can’t have enough of each other. In fact, am I being the third wheel here by invading your privacy?”
Hunter only responded with a smile while Vivian didn’t respond at all. After all, the reason she came here with Hunter was to trick Evelyn into thinking that they were both an item. 
When Vivian didn’t reply, Evelyn assumed that she had implicitly agreed with what she said. Hence, she was further delighted that Vivian was playing into her hands. 
“Alright, the opera is about to start. Let’s go inside.” Just as she spoke, Evelyn wheeled herself into the building while Vivian and Hunter followed behind. 
Just when the three of them were about to enter, a man dashed out of nowhere and thrust a knife in Vivian’s direction. 
“Vivian!” When Hunter saw the man, his first reaction was to hug Vivian and use his body as a shield to protect her. 
“Ah!” the crowd around them was shocked as screams began to ring out through the building. “My God! what’s going on?” “Call the police!” “Run!”… 
When the assassin realized he had stabbed the wrong person, he began to panic. Dropping his knife, he blended into the crowd and fled. Everyone was terrified by how vicious he was and no one dared to stop him. All they could do was watch as he disappeared from sight. 
When she felt Hunter’s head slumped on her shoulders and his body beginning to collapse, Vivian panicked. How did things turn out this way? 
“Hunter, are you alright?” Vivian carefully supported him. 
As Hunter’s body began to weigh on her, she carefully lay him down onto the floor while letting his head rest on her shoulder, just when she was trembling all over.
When she saw the knife sticking out of Hunter’s back and blood gushing out non-stop, Vivian was seized with fear. By God’s grace, I hope that he is alright. Or else I will regret this for the rest of my life. 
“Vivian, I…” A cold sweat broke out off on Hunter’s forehead as he tried to console Vivian, telling her not to worry nor be afraid. 
The moment he spoke, he could feel the excruciating pain overwhelm him, forcing him to grit his teeth to endure the pain. 
“Don’t say another word. I’ll call for an ambulance at once. Hang it there. You’ll be alright.” Just as she reassured him, she made the call with her trembling hands. 
After reporting her location to the medical officer on duty, Vivian frantically watched as she saw Hunter losing consciousness. “Hunter, hang in there. The ambulance is coming. You have to stay with me. If anything happens to you, I will…”
###Chapter 634
Chapter 634 
While she was speaking, tears were streaming down her cheeks. 
“What will you do?” Hunter was dying to ask her. This was the first time since they met that he saw her so worried about him. 
However, the pain radiating through his body prevented him from doing so. Nevertheless, he couldn’t help but feel a warm sensation envelope him. Given how worried she is, does it indicate that I mean something to her? 
Holding that thought in mind, Hunter lost consciousness as he couldn’t endure the waves of pain emanating throughout his body. Just when everything was about to go dark, he could still faintly hear Vivian calling out his name. 
Why am I filled with happiness in such a moment? That was the last thought he had before he fainted. 
… 
The moment he regained his consciousness, Hunter furrowed his eyebrows. The sharp pain in his back caused the memories of what had just happened to flood back into his mind. Am I in the hospital? 
After struggling to open his eyes, he realized that he was indeed there. In that case, where’s Vivian? She must be terrified. She seemed to be choking before I lost consciousness. Was she crying? 
Due to the location of his wound, he was lying face down on the bed. Hence, he was unable to see what was going on in the ward. He gently pushed himself to his side so that he could look around his surroundings.
“You’re awake!” The moment he moved, he heard Vivian’s delighted tone from behind. The next moment, she appeared before him looking all worried. 
“How do you feel? Does it still hurt?” Vivian asked anxiously. 
The doctor said that the wound wasn’t deep and that he could be discharged after half a month’s rest. Nevertheless, she was still concerned about him. Is he really alright after losing so much blood? 
Shaking his head, Hunter tried his best to squeeze out a weak smile. “I… I’m fine.” 
When she heard Hunter’s hoarse voice, she quickly dabbed a cotton bud with some water and applied it on his lips to moisten them. 
“The doctor said that you can’t drink for the time being. Hence, you have to supplement yourself with liquid this way.” Vivian explained as she continued to feed him water. “He also said that you will be fine after resting for half a month. By then, your wound would have closed. Hence, there’s no need for you to worry.” 
“All that matters is that you’re safe,” Hunter uttered softly as he watched Vivian meticulously wetting his lips. At that moment, his heart was filled with joy, to the extent that it even distracted him from the pain he felt. 
Having heard Hunter’s words, Vivian was stunned for a moment as her eyes flashed with complex emotions. 
Putting down the cup and cotton bud, she asked Hunter, “Why did you shield me from the attack? Didn’t you know how dangerous it was? If the wound was any deeper, your life would have been in danger.”
“I wanted to protect you,” Hunter replied in earnest. “Vivian, I won’t ever allow you to come to any harm in front of me. As I said, I like you.” 
Having not taken his earlier confession seriously, Vivian finally realized that he was sincere in his feelings for her. 
As her eyes begin to burn, Vivian felt an inexplicable sadness in her heart. Somehow, she didn’t know how to face Hunter who was lying on the hospital bed. 
Having been through so much, she realized more than anyone else how difficult it was to find someone true. However, it was fated for her to disappoint him. 
Blinking her eyes, Vivian stood up and said, “Let’s not talk about this. Instead, you should get some rest. I’ll go check with the doctor to see if there’s anything we should be mindful of.” 
“Mmm-hmm,” Hunter responded with his eyes filled with disappointment. It seems she is avoiding the topic despite my confession. 
After tucking Hunter in, Vivian left the ward. Hunter then closed his eyes as the few words he spoke just now had taken everything out of him. At that moment, the excruciating pain from his wound began to emanate throughout his body.
###Chapter 635
Chapter 635 
After some time, Hunter suddenly opened his eyes. He was fully vigilant as he had heard the whirring of a wheelchair. 
What is Evelyn doing here? 
The moment she entered, her gaze met with Hunter’s. She greeted him with an indifferent tone, “You’re awake.” 
“Mmm-hmm,” Hunter snorted in reply. When he noticed the probing look in her eyes, he knew that she was likely responsible for the assassination. 
“Why did you take that blow for her?” Evelyn got straight to the point without an ounce of concern for Hunter’s condition. 
“Didn’t you tell me to get close to her and gain her trust?” Hunter lied to Evelyn. So far, he hadn’t gotten Evelyn to trust him enough to share with him her plans. 
“Although I am a lot closer to Vivian now, she still doesn’t trust me fully. Now that I have taken a knife for her, she will no longer doubt my feelings for her.” 
Having spoken too much, Hunter aggravated his wound, causing him to grimace in pain. 
“But, aren’t you making too big a sacrifice for it? Is it even worth it?” Evelyn probed as she didn’t believe in Hunter’s words. She was even worried that he had fallen for Vivian. 
“Sacrifices will always be needed in the pursuit of women. I have never failed to pursue anyone who I fancy. Vivian will also not be an exception.”
Just as he spoke, Hunter faked a melodramatic look at Evelyn. 
“Furthermore, as you have given me this task, I will definitely complete it by hook or by crook. Getting a little injury in the process is no big deal.” 
Having heard what Hunter said, Evelyn put her suspicions to rest. After all, the Hunter she knew was relentless in his pursuit of women. 
Wheeling herself in front of Hunter, she looked at him coyly. “As long as you help me ruin Vivian, there might be a possibility that things work out between us.” 
“Make sure you keep your word?” Hunter’s eyes sparkled with excitement. 
“Of course.” Evelyn smiled smugly to herself. Given the extreme lengths Hunter was willing to go to for her sake, she felt that her charm had not diminished one bit over the years. 
When he saw that Evelyn could barely hide the smugness in her expression, he believed that she was taken in by his words. 
Sprawling back down, Hunter’s face couldn’t help but grimace as the pain from the wound was indeed debilitating. 
When she saw the suffering look on his face, Evelyn asked out of concern, “Are you alright? Does the wound hurt? Do you want me to get the doctor?” 
This time, the concern she showed was sincere. After getting to know his thoughts, he had started to grow on her. This man really has good taste. 
Between Vivian and me, any sane person would choose me, isn’t it? But why of all people Finnick chose Vivian? What’s so good about that wench? How can she even compare herself to me?
Holding that thought, Evelyn’s eyes were filled with jealousy. That was the reason why she wanted Vivian to be disposed of as Vivian was a reminder of her failure. 
At that moment, Hunter didn’t notice the furious expression Evelyn had. Instead, he casually asked, “Did you plan Vivian’s assassination today?” 
Just as he spoke, he looked at Evelyn and tried to observe her every reaction. 
Evelyn replied with a smirk, “It wasn’t me.” 
Furrowing his eyebrows slightly, Hunter naturally didn’t believe her. Other than her, who else hates Vivian to the extent of wanting to kill her? 
“Who do you think is behind it?” Hunter probed as he continued to watch her. 
“I don’t know.” Evelyn shook her head slightly before snorting, “Since she loves being the third party in the marriages of others, someone may be looking to exact revenge on her. Hmph! She should consider herself lucky that you saved her this time. Next time, I’m afraid that she wouldn’t be so lucky.” 
As his eyes filled with resentment, Hunter regarded his own taste with disdain. The time he spent pursuing Evelyn during his university days was now considered a black mark on his life.
###Chapter 636
Chapter 636 
Since Evelyn was unwilling to admit it, Hunter decided not to press on for fear of raising her suspicions. If that happened, everything he did would be for naught. 
“What do you plan to do to Vivian next? I’ll help you with it.” Hunter changed the subject and tried to find out what Evelyn’s next scheme was. 
“I haven’t thought of it yet.” She wasn’t the least bit suspicious. “I’ll give you a call when I need your help.” 
“Alright.” Hunter acknowledged. “I will do my very best to help you.” 
“Thank you.” Evelyn looked touched. But Hunter wasn’t sure if she was really moved by his words or if she was just pretending. 
“Now, I’m regretting the fact that I didn’t accept your overtures then,” Evelyn remarked coyly. “But no matter. There’s still a lot of time. Our time will come.” 
Hunter forced himself to smile at Evelyn. “I hope you don’t forget what you have said today.” 
F*ck! Who the hell wants to be with you? All Hunter could do was swear silently in his heart. 
Smiling at him knowingly, she looked at the glass of water on the table and asked, “Do you want some water? I’ll get some for you.” 
“It’s alright. It’s better you go now,” Hunter replied. “Vivian is about to return anytime. I’m worried that she will suspect something if she sees us together. If that happens, everything I have done will be for naught.”
After giving it some thought, Evelyn felt Hunter was right. “Fine, I’ll take my leave then. You must do your very best to gain her trust and convince her that your feelings for her are true.” 
“Mmm-hmm.” Hunter nodded with his heart filled with resentment. 
After nagging Hunter to be careful not to expose himself, Evelyn whirred her wheelchair out of the ward. 
Once she was gone, Hunter didn’t hide the contempt in his expression. He had been trying to endure the pain from his wound while dealing with her at the same time, causing him to feel extremely frustrated. 
Shortly after Evelyn left, Vivian returned with a piece of paper in her hand. “I have listed down everything the doctor said you should be mindful of during your recovery. You should take a look so that you don’t do any of them.” 
After receiving the list, Hunter couldn’t help but feel all the frustrations evoked by Evelyn being wiped away. Even the pain he felt had eased significantly. 
“Evelyn just came by,” Hunter informed Vivian. “I asked her about it but she denied sending the assassin. However, I have a feeling that it definitely must be her.” 
“It isn’t,” Vivian replied, “as I was the one who arranged it.” 
“What?” Hunter was shocked and couldn’t believe what he just heard. “It was obvious that the man was trying to kill you. How could you have arranged it?” 
“I really did,” Vivian admitted as she gave Hunter an apologetic look. “I’m sorry to have caused you such a grievous injury.”
When he saw the guilt written on Vivian’s face, Hunter finally accepted what he just heard. He asked in a stern expression, “Why did you do that?” 
“Because, I want revenge,” Vivian uttered solemnly as her eyes were filled with hatred. “I want to pay her back for everything she has done to me over the years.” 
“It’s fine if you want revenge. You can just tell me and I’ll think of a plan. But why the need to hurt yourself?” Hunter asked anxiously. Did you know how dangerous it was? What if you were stabbed? He didn’t even dare imagine it. 
Vivian was moved by Hunter’s words and could feel his concern for her. 
“Five years ago, when I was still with Finnick, Evelyn invited me to a café and fell down on purpose. After that, she cut her own face with glass.” 
Suddenly, Vivian began to share her past with Hunter. 
“However, she accused me of pushing her because I was jealous of her beauty and worried that she would take Finnick away from me. At that time, Finnick, my mom, and the surrounding crowd believed her. I tried to desperately to explain myself but no one was willing to believe me. The feeling at that time…”
###Chapter 637
Chapter 637 
Tears welled up in Vivian’s eyes and her voice began to break. She could never forget the feeling of being falsely accused with no one to believe her. It had traumatized her for life. 
“Therefore, I wanted Evelyn to know how it felt like not to be believed by others,” Vivian explained with a hateful tone. “I wanted Finnick and my adopted mom, people who didn’t believe me then to not believe her now. I want them to feel utterly disappointed with her and I want Evelyn ruined!” 
Just as she spoke, Vivian could feel the rush of revenge fill her soul. 
Does Evelyn still think I’m the same person that was easily manipulated by her years ago? Despite her hatred for Evelyn, Vivian was still cordial every time they met. What does she think I’m doing this for? 
By getting close to Evelyn, she could set a trap for her. Just like how Evelyn sabotaged her in the past. Does Evelyn think that only she knows how to play this game? As of now, I do too! 
Despite Vivian’s overflowing hatred, Hunter wasn’t disgusted nor frightened by it. Instead, all he felt was sympathy for her. 
After spending so much time with her, he figured he had finally got to know her. Despite her indifferent attitude toward him, he understood that she was gentle at heart and still harbored feelings for Finnick. It was obvious from the moment she risked her life to save Finnick at the cruise ship. 
What did Evelyn do to her to fill her with so much hatred? To the extent she would go against her own gentle nature just to ruin Evelyn? How deeply was she hurt then? 
“Vivian,” Hunter asked in earnest, “why are you telling me all this? Aren’t you worried that I tell Evelyn?”
“Didn’t you say that you’re on my side?” Vivian replied with equal resolve. “I didn’t believe you before this. But now, I do.” 
Having heard Vivian’s words, Hunter’s heart was inexplicably filled with emotion when he realized that she finally believed his feelings for her were true. 
“I’m sorry, Hunter. All I wanted was for the man to pretend to attack me. I would avoid him at the last minute and then come away with light injuries,” Vivian explained with her face filled with guilt. 
“However, I didn’t expect you to suddenly dash out and shield me from the knife. I’m sorry. It’s my fault that you got hurt. I’m really sorry. Will you ever forgive me?” 
“Do you think I ever will?” Hunter threw the question back at her in an angry tone. 
Taking a deep breath, Vivian bit her lip tightly. She wasn’t expecting Hunter to forgive her. “I’m sorry. I know you may not want to hear all these. But, all I can do now…” 
“Do you think I’m blaming you because I got hurt? I’m angry at you for not knowing how to protect yourself!” Hunter interrupted Vivian’s apology. 
“I can understand why you want revenge. But, there are so many other ways to do it. Why must you choose one that would get yourself hurt? Do you even think you have control over the situation? Given the chaos, what if the man accidentally stabs you? Have you ever thought of what the consequences are?” 
His words only served to intensify Vivian’s guilt. She could sense his underlying concern for her while he was reprimanding her. 
After all, he was lying in the hospital bed because of her. Instead of blaming her, he was still worried for her safety. She wondered how she was ever going to reciprocate his affection for her.
“Hunter, are you disappointed in me? I’m no different from Evelyn now. In fact, I’m just as vicious as her,” Vivian remarked with her gaze lowered. 
After reflecting on the incident, she couldn’t believe that she was cruel enough to do something like that. How am I any different from Evelyn now? 
However, I have no regrets as I am sick of always being the victim. Evelyn will never rest until I’m done for. Hence, for Larry’s sake, I have to strike before she does. 
“From the eyes of the law, self-defense is not a crime,” Hunter replied with a smile. “Furthermore, you are a fool who chose to hurt yourself as a method of self-defense.”
###Chapter 638
Chapter 638 
Huh? Vivian was confused. What does he mean? 
Hunter found her puzzled look extremely adorable. The next moment, a sense of pity couldn’t help but swell within him. 
Holding her hand, he stared into her eyes and gently suggested, “Vivian, I understand you’re doing this just to protect yourself and Larry. I promise that going forward, I will make sure both of you are safe. Also, you have to promise me not to do anything this dangerous, alright?” 
Not knowing what to say in response, Vivian pulled her hand away and lowered her head. After realizing that Hunter’s feelings for her were true, she became unsure of how to face each other going forward. 
“Hunter, thank you for the concern you have shown for me and Larry. But, you have to know that I only see you as a friend.” Vivian wanted to make her stance clear to Hunter as she hated ambiguity in relationships, just like how Finnick and Evelyn used to be. 
Furthermore, she had no feelings for him. Hence, she didn’t want him to waste his time and energy. Besides, she was already having trouble trying to repay her debt of gratitude to him. 
“Just treat me as a friend then.” Despite the stinging pain in his heart, Hunter maintained his gentle expression. 
“Vivian, I’m not expecting anything from all that I have done for you. After all, liking you isn’t something I can control. If my feelings for you are unnerving you, I would like to apologize. But, I hope you won’t keep your distance just because of that.”
Vivian was at a loss when she heard Hunter’s words. After all, she didn’t have much experience in relationships and naturally wasn’t good at rejecting someone she had no feelings for. 
If not for what happened today, she would have outright rejected him. However, after he had saved her life, she couldn’t bring herself to do something as cruel as that. 
Furthermore, after getting to know him better, she was aware that Hunter was an egoistic person. Hence, she couldn’t deny that she was moved by his words and the fact that he apologized for having feelings for her. 
“No, I won’t.” Vivian shook her head. “Hunter, regardless of what happens, thank you. Now that you’re still injured, you should get some rest. Let’s not talk about this anymore, alright? We will come back to it when you’ve recovered.” 
“Alright, we talk again when I’m discharged.” Hunter nodded. 
He wasn’t blind to the conflicted expression in her eyes and was also aware that she couldn’t bring herself to cruelly reject him in his current condition. 
Nevertheless, it was also a sign of her concern for him. Does it mean that I still have a chance, no matter how slim it is? 
Even if it was a sliver of an opportunity, he would definitely not let it go. 
Meanwhile, Finnick was in a video conference when Noah barged in suddenly with an anxious expression. “Mr. Norton, something bad has happened…” 
Before Noah could finish, Finnick raised his hand to stop him. After giving Noah a warning glance, Finnick turned his attention back to his counterparts on the video conference to discuss work.
Noah desperately wanted to report the news that he had just received but couldn’t disrupt Finnick’s meeting. Hence, he had no choice but to wait anxiously by the side. 
After more than ten minutes, Finnick ended the video call. Before he even had the chance to ask, Noah couldn’t wait but informed him, “Mr. Norton, there was an assassination attempt on Mrs. Norton at the opera house…” 
“What!” Finnick jumped up to his feet when he heard that Vivian’s life was in danger. “Is she alright? Was she hurt? Where is she now?” 
He spewed out at once all the questions that popped into his head. Finnick was fearful of what Noah was going to tell him as it would devastate him to know that Vivian was hurt. 
“Mrs. Norton is now at Pinnacle Hospital. There was a man with her…” 
Before he could finish, Noah saw a shadow flew by him. In the very next moment, Finnick was nowhere to be seen. 
Assuming that she must have been injured given that she was in the hospital, Finnick entered the elevator anxiously and punched the button for the basement carpark. I wonder how bad her injury is. Is it serious?
###Chapter 639
Chapter 639 
Why is the elevator so slow today? Does the service department maintain it on schedule? 
Staring at the screen with descending numbers, Finnick could feel the frustration swelling within him. No matter what he did, he was unable to suppress it. 
The moment the elevator door opened, he rushed out and ran toward his car. 
While rushing to the hospital, Finnick’s mine was filled with images of Vivian lying in a pool of blood. Despite being aware that it was bad luck to think that way, he just couldn’t stop himself from thinking them. 
“She will be fine. Don’t panic. I can’t let my imagination run wild. She will definitely be alright….” he repeatedly reassured himself. Only then did he manage to get a grip of his trembling hands that were placed on the steering wheel. 
Right after he sped to the hospital, he wanted to check with the nurse which ward was Vivian in. However, he was shocked by the scene that unfolded before him. 
“Be careful, try and walk slower.” Vivian was carefully supporting Hunter while nagging him, “The doctor said that you should be resting in bed and not moving around so much. What will you do if your wound opens up?” 
“It’s not that serious.” Hunter smiled. “I’ll be bored to death if I keep staying in bed. Coming out for a walk has improved my mood. With a better mood, wouldn’t it help with my recovery?” 
Vivian didn’t rebut him as she watched his feet attentively. She was worried one wrong step might aggravate his injuries further.
As Hunter’s wound was on one side below his shoulder, Vivian could only allow him to rest one of his arms on her shoulder for support while she circled her arm around his waist. Only by doing this could she prevent him from falling. 
Observing the top of Vivian’s head on his chest while feeling the warmth from her hand around his waist, Hunter couldn’t help but smile and felt that getting injured was well worth the pain this time. 
However, Finnick obviously had other ideas. 
When he saw that Vivian wasn’t hurt, his first reaction was to heave a sigh of relief. However, anger started brewing inside him the very next moment. 
Hunter Yates! He remembered the man’s name. Why is he here? From the looks of it, he seems to be seriously injured. Didn’t Noah say that Vivian was injured? What’s going on? 
However, all those questions just flashed past his mind in an instant. The only thing that mattered to him now was Vivian’s hand around Hunter’s waist. 
Can’t he move around in a wheelchair after getting injured? Must he come out for a walk like this? Given how intimate they are, I wonder how much their relationship has developed. 
Just when Finnick was letting his imagination run wild, Noah caught up panting. 
Finnick had left before he could even finish his report. Despite chasing after him, he failed to catch up. Hence, he had no choice but to follow Finnick in his car. 
Just when he was about to finish his report to Finnick, Noah noticed that Finnick’s eyes were focused on a particular point while his expression was exceedingly gloomy. Following the trail of his gaze, Noah saw Vivian supporting Hunter.
“Mr. Norton, I didn’t finish my report just now,” Noah quickly turned toward Finnick to explain. “Mrs. Norton wasn’t hurt because Hunter had shielded her from the attack.” 
Previously, Finnick had gotten Noah to investigate Hunter and that was how Noah recognized him. Looking at the scene in front of him, Noah couldn’t help but wonder if Vivian would be touched by her savior’s actions. 
The same question appeared in Finnick’s mind too. No wonder Vivian is taking such good care of Hunter. As Hunter couldn’t bring himself to hate someone who had saved Vivian, the earlier animosity he felt began to dissipate. 
However, he was still jealous of the intimate position they were in. 
It seems Hunter has protected her. Will she fall for him? Do we still have a chance at getting back together? 
While helping Hunter walk, Vivian suddenly felt that someone was watching her. But when she looked up, she didn’t see anyone familiar.
###Chapter 640
Chapter 640 
“What’s wrong?” Hunter asked when he saw the puzzled look on Vivian’s face. 
“It’s nothing.” Vivian shook her head as she figured it was just her imagination. With that thought in mind, she looked toward Hunter. “Alright, we shouldn’t walk for too long. Let’s head back now.” 
“Mmm-hmm. Sure,” Hunter replied as he returned to his ward with Vivian’s help. 
Finnick appeared from behind a tree after they had left. 
Behind him, Noah pondered a moment before asking, “Mr. Norton, do you want to check in on Mrs. Norton?” 
“There’s no need to. Let’s go.” Just as he spoke, Finnick turned to leave, hiding the pain and disappointment in his eyes. 
When he arrived at his car, Finnick got in the back while Noah naturally seated himself in the driver’s seat. 
“Mr. Norton, where are we going next?” Noah asked as he was unable to figure out what was on Finnick’s mind. 
However, Finnick didn’t respond. From the rear-view mirror, Noah saw that he was buried deep in his thoughts. 
After pondering for a moment, Noah looked up and asked, “Other than Vivian and Hunter, who else was together with them at the opera house?”
“Evelyn was also there,” Noah replied. “Furthermore, I found out that it was she who invited Mrs. Norton to the opera house.” 
Before he finished, Noah regretted what he said due to the accusation insinuated by his words. Finnick would definitely think that Evelyn was behind the incident. 
However, he had no choice but to report it as it is. Or else, it would only make Finnick suspicious. 
Even in Noah’s mind, he had no doubt that it was part of Evelyn’s scheme. Given how ruthless she is, she must have hired an assassin and invited Mrs. Norton out as an excuse to kill her. She really is a lunatic to still insist on hurting Mrs. Norton after all that has happened. 
Although Noah hated Evelyn and couldn’t help but wish for Finnick to break ties with her, he was worried that Evelyn might expose him as revenge for their fallout. If she told Finnick about all he had done to Vivian, his career and future would be in jeopardy. 
Evelyn Morrison! Clenching his fists, Finnick’s expression was frighteningly gloomy. It seems she did not heed my warning at all. 
I forgave her the last time on the account that her legs were crippled. But I didn’t expect her to dare harm Vivian again. This time, I’m not going to let her off the hook! 
“Let’s go and see Evelyn,” Finnick ordered in an icy tone, behind it was an insuppressible rage. 
From Finnick’s response, Noah realized that he had resolved to teach Evelyn a lesson. 
That thought caused him to worry further as he didn’t know how long he could keep his own secret hidden.
As he drove toward Norton residence, he felt extremely nervous. When they arrived, Noah didn’t follow Finnick in and chose to wait outside instead. 
“Mr. Norton, I’ll stay outside. I think it’s appropriate that both of you have some privacy to thrash it out.” Noah nervously excused himself. 
Grunting in acknowledgment, Finnick didn’t think too much of it as he headed in. 
If he was calm as usual, he would definitely have noticed Noah’s unusual behavior. He had never hidden anything from Noah about his relationship with Evelyn. Hence, there was no need for him to suddenly give them space. 
However, all Finnick could think of was confronting Evelyn. Therefore, he hardly noticed Noah’s change in behavior. 
It had been a long time since he returned. Ever since he found out that Evelyn ordered Vivian’s kidnapping and had a fallout with her, he had moved out of the house and never returned. 
The house was filled with memories of his time with Vivian, especially their post-marriage life. Naturally, he was unwilling to leave and considered chasing Evelyn out instead. 
However, now that she was a cripple and had no one to rely on, he felt that her punishment was sufficient. If he were to kick her out, she would likely end up on the streets.
###Chapter 641
Chapter 641 
As she was his ex, he couldn’t bring himself to do something as cruel as that. Hence, he decided to let stay in a moment of weakness. 
But now, he realized that he had shown her too much mercy. A vicious woman such as Evelyn didn’t deserve his pity at all. 
The moment he entered, Finnick could hear Evelyn scolding Mrs. Filder. 
“Didn’t I tell you that I prefer my food to be less salty? Why did you add in so much salt still? Are you trying to kill me? Do you even want to keep your job?” 
Mrs. Filder hung her head in silence. This wasn’t the first time it happened and Mrs. Filder was well aware that it had nothing to do with the food. It was just Evelyn venting her frustrations due to her bad mood. 
Her experience told her that if she talked back, she would end up with an even worse reprimand. As long as she stayed silent and let Evelyn say her piece, the matter would just blow over quickly. 
“She was hired by me, so it’s not up to you to decide.” Just went Mrs. Filder was almost in tears, a male voice rang out to her rescue. 
“Mr. Norton, you’re back!” Mrs. Filder exclaimed in joy the moment she looked up. 
When Finnick was still living there, Evelyn would still treat the maids with respect just to maintain her facade. However, ever since he moved away, Evelyn suddenly turned into a different person. She would always nitpick and vent her frustrations on them.
At the rate it was going, she wasn’t willing to continue working there no matter how much Finnick paid her. 
“Why don’t you head down first,” Finnick instructed Mrs. Filder as he tried hard to suppress his anger. 
“Right away.” As if she had been pardoned, Mrs. Filder left quickly. 
She hoped that Finnick would move back into the house. Or else, she was seriously considering quitting. 
“Finnick, you’re back!” Unconcerned with what had just happened, Evelyn wheeled herself happily toward Finnick. 
Grabbing his hand, tears flowed down her cheeks while her voice sounded pitiful. 
“Finnick, please don’t leave me again. You have no idea how lonely it is to stay in such a huge house alone. I don’t even have anyone to talk to. I have repented over my mistake, so can you forgive me?” 
“Repented?” Finnick sneered at Evelyn’s words. “Have you really repented?” 
“Yes, I have.” Evelyn nodded at once and raised her hand to swear, “I swear that I’ll never do it again. So, why don’t you move back in with me?” 
Finnick looked at her swearing hand with contempt. She really isn’t afraid of divine punishment. 
“Fine, I promise you that I won’t leave,” Finnick gritted his teeth as he uttered every word. Staring at Evelyn, his eyes were filled with disdain. 
However, Evelyn wasn’t sensitive to his words. Instead, she asked in delight, “Really? You’re really staying?”
“Of course, I’ll be staying.” As rage filled his eyes, he pushed Evelyn’s hand away forcefully and raised his voice. “This time, you’re the one who will be leaving!” 
Pushed by Finnick, Evelyn collapsed to the ground together with her wheelchair. After struggling to gather herself, she looked at Finnick in disbelief, “You’re chasing me out?” 
“Evelyn, when will you stop with your charade? Do you think no one knows what you did?” Finnick questioned her angrily. 
What did I do? Did he find out about me and Noah forcing Vivian to have an abortion? Evelyn panicked at once. Who told him that? Noah? That traitor! 
“Finnick, don’t listen to Noah. He is just making wild accusations. I didn’t do any such thing!” 
As Evelyn desperately defended herself, she crawled forward and grabbed onto Finnick. However, he pushed her away again. 
“Why would Noah frame you for no reason?” Finnick roared. “Evelyn, I’ve warned you before not to harm Vivian, or else I will never forgive you. However, I never expected you to hire someone to assassinate her. Since you ignored my warning, I will not show you any mercy!”
###Chapter 642
Chapter 642 
What assassination? Evelyn was confused by Finnick’s words. Despite his fury, it isn’t even about me forcing Vivian to get an abortion? 
“Finnick, what are you talking about? I don’t understand.” 
When he saw that she refused to admit it, Finnick’s anger was further inflamed. “Until now, you still think that I’m a fool! Tell me, was it you who hired someone to kill Vivian at the opera house?” 
When she realized what it was about, Evelyn was suddenly filled with courage as she wasn’t responsible for it. 
“It wasn’t me. Finnick, you can get someone to investigate. It really wasn’t my doing!” Evelyn retorted as the fear she previously had was gone. 
As she was innocent, she wasn’t worried about Finnick investigating the matter. 
“Do you still think that I’ll believe you? Who else can it be other than you?” Finnick wasn’t going to believe her anymore. “I had previously planned to let you go. But given how unrepentant you are, don’t blame me for being cruel.” 
“I don’t know who it did either but I am definitely not involved.” For the first time, Evelyn felt as if whatever she said would fall on deaf ears. 
“Finnick, have you gotten anyone to investigate the matter? Perhaps, that wench, Vivian, has offended someone else and they are retaliating against her? There’s a possibility she did it just so that she could frame me, and make you think that I was responsible. That way, she can sow discord between the two of us. Finnick, you must get someone to find out the truth. This really has got nothing to do with me…”
“Shut up!” Finnick interrupted her as he could no longer stand her protests. The veins by his temples were already throbbing. “Until now, you insist on blaming Vivian still. There’s no hope for you. Mrs. Filder!” 
Finnick called for the maid. 
She was in her room observing what was going on outside. Now that she heard her name being called, she walked out immediately. 
“Mr. Norton, what is it?” Mrs. Filder asked in a trembling voice when she saw how furious Finnick was. 
“Gather the others and kick Evelyn out of the house!” Finnick pointed at Evelyn. 
“Huh?” Mrs. Filder looked up in shock. Over the years, they had always treated Evelyn as the lady of the house. And now, they were surprised that Finnick wanted her to be kicked out. 
“Finnick, how can you do this to me? I don’t even have any family. Where do you want me to go?” Before Mrs. Filder could react, Evelyn collapsed in tears and bawled miserably. 
“I swear… I swear that this has nothing to do with me. If I’m lying, may God then punish me.” 
Just as Evelyn spoke, a thundering rumble was heard outside. The previously clear sky was suddenly raining heavily. 
As lightning streaked across the sky, it illuminated Evelyn’s ashen face. All she could do was curse at the timing of the thunderstorm. 
“Evelyn, even God is peeved with you. What else do you have to say for yourself?” Finnick didn’t really believe in divine punishment, but he couldn’t ignore the momentary coincidence.
As he had run out of patience with Evelyn, Finnick stormed out of the house and ordered, “Mrs. Filder, if I still see Evelyn at home when I return, you will have to leave together with her.” 
After working there for such a long time, Mrs. Filder had never seen Finnick this angry before. Hence, she understood the gravity of his words. 
Filled with thoughts of how Evelyn mistreated her, Mrs. Filder steeled her heart. She walked toward Evelyn and pushed her out of the house in her wheelchair. 
“You stupid maid! How dare you do this to me!” Evelyn shrieked. However, due to her pampered lifestyle, there was no way she could struggle against Mrs. Filder who was a lot stronger from the years of hard chores. 
Ignoring Evelyn’s tirade, Mrs. Filder locked the door behind her after leaving Evelyn outside. Realizing that she no longer needed to serve Evelyn, Mrs. Filder was filled with a sense of inexplicable smugness.
###Chapter 643
Chapter 643 
Evelyn was fully drenched in no time under the pouring rain. Right when she was about to knock on the door, she noticed Finnick’s car driving past her. 
“Finnick, I have no involvement in this matter! You must believe me! It really wasn’t me!” Evelyn yelled at the top of her voice. 
Noticing that she was soaked to the bones, Noah slowed down the car and glanced at Finnick through the rearview mirror in hesitance. “Mr. Norton, do we ignore her?” 
“Just drive,” Finnick said with his head lowered, unperturbed. 
Hearing that, Noah heaved a sigh of relief. He accelerated the car, determined to make a clean break with the woman. She only has herself to blame! 
Evelyn felt thoroughly hopeless as she watched the car speed away. 
What do I do? Finnick truly doesn’t want me anymore. Without the Morrisons, Finnick, and my legs, I have nothing left. How am I supposed to live? 
Sitting in the middle of the downpour, Evelyn had no idea where she could go to seek refuge. 
How did things get to this point? I’d schemed for so many years. How could I end up in such a pathetic state with nowhere to turn to? Where did it go wrong? 
Hurriedly searching through her brains for anyone she could turn to, Evelyn’s eyes eventually lit up with a sliver of hope. That’s right! There’s still Rachel William. She’ll definitely help me!
She wheeled herself around in her wheelchair and found a pavilion in the neighborhood to seek temporary shelter from the rain. Wiping the raindrops from her face, she pulled out her phone from her pocket. Fortunately, the device managed to remain dry and functional. 
She scrolled through her list of saved contacts and found Rachel William, immediately dialing it. For the first time, she hoped desperately that the person she used to despise so much would pick up her call. 
At the same moment, Vivian happened to be in Rachel’s ward. She had gone to see Hunter Yates earlier and decided to visit Rachel when she passed by the hospital on the way. 
“How’s the preparation for the surgery? When is it scheduled for?” Vivian asked in concern about Rachel’s condition. 
Rachel patted the back of Vivian’s hand with a comforting smile. “The check-ups are more or less done. Don’t worry. The doctor said I should be ready for surgery at the end of the month.” 
All these years, she had lived with the mentality of living one day at a time. Now that a hope to live was within her grasp—one that was given to her by her daughter—she was naturally exhilarated. 
“It’s great that Evelyn has agreed to save you.” Vivian felt much better seeing Rachel’s smile. 
No matter what, it was still a piece of good news. Rachel had raised her since birth. She naturally wished for her to be able to live as long as possible. 
At the mention of Evelyn, Rachel was full of joy. The smile on her face deepened. “Yeah. That child, Evelyn, still regards me as her mother in her heart. She wouldn’t let me suffer.” 
Vivian couldn’t help feeling dejected when she heard Rachel speaking in a pampering tone. She forced a smile in response and lowered her head. In the eyes of Rachel, Evelyn would always be the best.
“I’ll pour you a glass of water.” Vivian turned to walk toward the water dispenser. Taking the opportunity, she discreetly wiped at her eyes. Even though she’d long accepted that fact, her heart would still feel sour regardless. 
As Rachel stared at Vivian’s back view, she abruptly recalled something. “Vivian, I saw the news yesterday. You ran into a thug at the entrance of the opera house and even got injured. What exactly happened?” 
Hearing that, Vivian’s movements paused. An uninhibited thought surfaced in her head. She wanted to know if she could still measure up to Evelyn in Rachel’s heart. 
Passing the glass of water to Rachel, Vivian took a seat and said, “That afternoon, Evelyn invited me to the opera house to watch opera. I agreed, but I never expected something like that to happen to me. Thankfully, a friend of mine blocked the knife for me. Otherwise, I would be the one lying in the hospital bed right now.”
###Chapter 644
Chapter 644 
Rachel’s face turned frigid after listening to Vivian’s words. “Do you mean to say it was all planned by Evelyn?” 
“It was her who invited me to the opera house. Other than her, there’s no one else I can think of,” Vivian answered straightforwardly. 
“That’s impossible. Evelyn is a kind-hearted person. How could she possibly orchestrate such a thing?” Rachel raised her voice and said, “Vivian, did you misunderstand something? You can’t unjustly accuse Evelyn without proof. I firmly believe she wouldn’t do something like that.” 
“How am I unjust?” Vivian’s gaze turned agitated. “It’s not the first time she’s done something like that. Five years ago, she kidnapped me and arranged for others to humiliate me. She had already confessed to doing so!” 
Rachel’s face fell. “But you can’t blame it on Evelyn simply because she’d made a mistake in the past. It’s been a long time. You didn’t suffer much anyway. You shouldn’t hold a grudge to it anymore.” 
Vivian couldn’t conceal her disappointment as she stared at Rachel stiffly. Is our bond of over two decades this unworthy that she felt nothing for my plight? 
Noticing Vivian’s sorrowful gaze, Rachel knew what she said was unfair. “Vivian,” she said in a coaxing voice, holding onto Vivian’s hand, “Evelyn was insensible back then. What she did was indeed somewhat out of line. I’ll apologize on her behalf. Will you forgive her this once and stop holding her accountable for it?” 
Vivian let out a bitter chuckle. Somewhat out of line? Not only did Evelyn orchestrate her kidnapping, but she also caused her to divorce Finnick and fled abroad for five years while she was pregnant. Larry
had to grow up without a father. These were all unforgivable matters in her heart, yet Rachel made it sound like they weren’t even worth mentioning. 
“I got it,” Vivian said in a low voice. She refused to say anything else, for she knew it was meaningless. 
Hearing Vivian’s response, Rachel grinned in contentment. “That’s right. You and Evelyn are both my daughters. It’s only right to love and care for each other. Vivian, Evelyn has a mind of a child and is handicapped. You should give in to her a little. Don’t fuss over minor matters with her.” 
Vivian hummed, too emotionally drained to even feel upset about it. 
She had already made up her mind. As soon as Rachel got better, she would have returned the favor of her upbringing. She was prepared to let their two decades of kinship come to an end by then and stop visiting her in the future. 
“Furthermore, Evelyn—” Before she could exhort Vivian to show more concern for Evelyn, her phone rang, interrupting her. 
She whipped out her phone and saw the display flashing Evelyn’s name. She took no time to accept the call, smiling from the bottom of her eyes. 
Vivian smiled bitterly on the inside. Witnessing how blissful Rachel was from a mere phone call from Evelyn. Her years of concern for her felt ludicrous. 
Unexpectedly, Rachel’s expression turned sullen in a blink of an eye. Her voice became anxious as she said, “Don’t cry, Evelyn. Tell me, what happened?” 
Vivian couldn’t hear what Evelyn was saying through the phone. All she could see was Rachel’s tears dripping like tap water, her gaze filled with distress.
“Evelyn, stay there! I’ll go pick you up right now. Wait for me!” 
Having hung up the call, Rachel hurriedly got off the bed in an attempt to get to the door. To her dismay, she hadn’t balanced herself well and immediately fell to the floor. 
Vivian rushed up to help her up. “What’s the matter with Evelyn?” 
“Evelyn said she was chased out by Finnick with nowhere to go. I have to go pick her up,” Rachel cried. She pulled herself up onto her feet with the sole goal of getting to Evelyn. 
It was raining cats and dogs out there, and Rachel was in a fragile state. She was supposed to undergo surgery soon. How could Vivian possibly let her leave?
###Chapter 645
Chapter 645 
Rachel shoved Vivian’s arm away before the latter could say a word. “Don’t stop me! It’s raining so heavily outside. Evelyn’s unable to walk! Who knows if she’s drenched? I must get to my pitiful daughter right away!” 
At that point, Vivian was no longer bothered about Rachel’s prejudiced behavior. She tugged at Rachel once again and said quickly, “Your body’s unwell. Even if you get there, you might not be able to take her back. Tell me where she is. I’ll go.” 
Recalling that Evelyn said she was outside the Norton family’s villa, she relented. After all, Vivian had once lived there and would certainly be more familiar with the area than she would. She grabbed Vivian’s hand and cried, “Evelyn said she’s outside the Norton family’s villa. Vivian, you know the place better than I do. You must promise me to bring her back!” 
“I know, I know,” Vivian answered anxiously. “Stop crying. I promise you. I’ll bring her back in one piece.” 
“Ignore me. Just hurry up and go!” Rachel pushed Vivian out of the ward as she spoke. “Go pick her up quickly! The longer you take, the more she’ll have to suffer.” 
“All right, I got it. Stay in the hospital and don’t go anywhere,” Vivian instructed worriedly. She left hurriedly as soon as she took her bag from the ward. 
“Vivian! You must bring Evelyn back safely!” Hearing Rachel’s guttural yell from behind, she tolerated the bitterness and never turned around. 
As she drove to Finnick’s villa, she tried to process what she heard earlier. Why would Evelyn be chased out by Finnick? Did he find out that she tried to assassinate me? If that’s the case, then the trap
I designed for Evelyn seems to have begun working. 
Vivian sped up the car, unwilling to think any further. She had never once wanted to see Evelyn as eager as she did then. 
Her heart welled up with mixed feelings when she neared Finnick’s villa and recognized the scenery she was once so familiar with. Her mind couldn’t help but flash with images of the times she used to live there. 
Shaking her head, she told herself that it wasn’t the time to be reminiscing and focused solely on searching for Evelyn. 
There! After driving in circles for a while, she finally spotted Evelyn—who seemed to have fainted—in a pavilion. 
She quickly found a spot nearby to park her car and ran in the rain toward the pavilion. There, she was greeted by the sight of a fully drenched, unconscious Evelyn. She looked to be in terrible shape. 
Vivian smirked, her heart feeling ironically care. She must have never expected to end up in such a pathetic state back when she was scheming against me. It’s never too late for revenge. The pain you caused me, I’ll be sure to give them back to you! 
Vivian had to exert quite a bit of effort to carry the unconscious Evelyn to her car. She took her to one of the Morrisons’ smaller condominiums and called for Ms. Booker, a housemaid she trusted, to take care of her. 
“Get her changed,” she instructed Ms. Booker before heading toward the bathroom for a shower. Her sweat had mixed with the rain earlier, causing her to feel exceptionally uncomfortable.
When she came out of the shower, Evelyn had already been changed. Seeing Vivian, Ms. Booker asked respectfully, “Miss, is there anything else you need?” 
“Make some soup.” 
“Yes,” the housemaid said before she left the room. 
Vivian clutched her own hands tightly. She was coldly scrutinizing Evelyn as the latter lay on the bed. Did she think she was cruel? No, not at all. She was merely treating Evelyn the way she was once treated. To show compassion to one’s enemy was the worst mistake anyone could make. Vivian had understood the meaning behind those words a long time ago. 
This is her karma! I must never be sympathetic to her!
###Chapter 646
Chapter 646 
Perhaps due to Vivian’s cold gaze, Evelyn slowly fluttered her eyes open. She was momentarily puzzled, having no clue where she was. 
Did Rachel bring me here? She recalled making a call to Rachel before she fell unconscious. Thinking about that, she sat up and scoped around for Rachel’s presence. To her surprise, the person in the room turned out to be Vivian instead. 
Evelyn broke down in an instant when all her memories returned at once. She screamed at Vivian, “What are you doing here! Where is this place!” 
“This is one of the Morrisons’ condominiums. I brought you here,” Vivian composed herself and said in a calm voice. It was not the time for her to fall out with Evelyn yet. 
To implement her plan successfully, she had to make Evelyn believe she was still the gullible, naive Vivian William she used to be. 
“I doubt you’d be so benevolent! If it weren’t for you, would I have ended up in such a state? What exactly do you want?” 
The memory of Finnick throwing her out replayed continuously in her head. The mere realization of that drove her insane. How could she remember that she was supposed to act like a good person in front of Vivian? 
“It’s your mother who wanted me to pick you up from Finnick’s villa,” Vivian explained patiently. “She asked me to take good care of you.” 
Hearing that, Evelyn began to calm down, but her gaze remained suspicious as she stared at Vivian. “It’s Rachel William who made you come?”
Did she not orchestrate the events at the opera house? If it weren’t her, then it was truly way too coincidental. 
“Mm,” Vivian hummed in response with her head lowered. “Didn’t you once say we’re friends? Even if Mom didn’t ask that of me, I wouldn’t turn my back on you either.” Despite speaking against her will, her face maintained a sincere expression. 
Apparently, having dealt with Evelyn for so long had helped cultivated her acting skills. 
“You may stay here for the time being. It’s inconvenient for you to move around, so I’ve found a housemaid to take care of you. As for Finnick, don’t worry, I’ll put in a good word for you. 
Seeing how well Vivian was taking care of her, Evelyn couldn’t help but be dubious of her intention. Is she truly doing this with no other motives? Logically speaking, she has no reason to be this kind to me. 
Knowing it wouldn’t be so easy for Evelyn to believe her, she added, “The bone marrow transplant can be done at the end of the month. You must take care of yourself in the meantime.” 
So it’s because of that. Evelyn sneered on the inside. No wonder Rachel sounded so anxious on the phone. Turns out, it wasn’t because she was worried for me, but her life! I knew that vile woman wasn’t this kind-hearted. But since they’re the ones who need something from me right now, I might as well make use of this opportunity. There’s nowhere for me to go anyway. Since they want to help, I’ll take advantage of it then. 
Noticing Evelyn visibly relaxing, Vivian was aware the former had dropped her guard toward her. It seemed her analysis was spot on. To convince someone like Evelyn, one had to adjust themselves to their way of thinking.
Having figured out why Vivian would help her, Evelyn couldn’t help but think she was still as stupid as she was five years ago. Rachel William is merely her adopted mother. Is there a need to come to such an extent? 
Although she thought that way, she didn’t dare to say them. After all, she still needed to depend on Vivian. 
“Thank you for treating me as a friend, Vivian. Thank you for being there when I needed you. I’m sorry for everything in the past. I was immature. It was all my fault. I’m truly sorry,” Evelyn choked out. Her eyes even managed to squeeze out several drops of tears. “Vivian, I’m really sorry. Will you give me a chance to make it up to you?”
###Chapter 647
Chapter 647 
How versatile she was. It took no time for her to interchange between screaming at me like a shrew to pleading for forgiveness. Vivian sneered in her heart but continued to put up the pretense with her on the surface. “It’s all in the past. Let’s pretend that none of it ever happened and never mention them again.” 
“All right. I won’t bring it up again.” Evelyn pretended to wipe her tears. “Vivian, will you really help me talk to Finnick?” 
“What conflict were the both of you having? Finnick—” Vivian deliberately glanced at Evelyn as if she was in a dilemma. “Why did he chase you out? You have to tell me in detail so I can help you.” 
“Finnick assumed I was the one behind the incident at the opera house,” Evelyn said aggrievedly. She only dared to say it because it truly had nothing to do with her. 
“How could it be?” Vivian pretended to be shocked. 
“Vivian, you have to believe me. It wasn’t me! Please don’t misunderstand me as Finnick did. You can get someone to investigate it,” Evelyn explained, anxiously clutching onto Vivian’s hands. 
“I believe you.” Vivian nodded after a glance at Evelyn. “Don’t fret. I’ll go explain to Finnick that it has nothing to do with you.” 
Evelyn was stunned. She believed me so easily? What an idiot. But it didn’t seem so wrong when she thought about it again. After all, it was true that she had nothing to do with the matter. 
“I have something on. Hence, I won’t stay any longer. I thought you’d be hungry after you wake up, so I’ve already told Ms. Booker to make you some soup. Remember to drink some so you’ll feel better.” Vivian sounded entirely like how a best friend should.
Seeing Vivian that way, Evelyn only despised her even more. A simple-minded person like her can never succeed in life! 
“All right. You can leave if you have to. I’ll drink the soup later,” Evelyn said, pretending to sound moved. “Vivian, I’m truly grateful toward you.” 
“Don’t be. Rest well. I’ll be on my way.” Vivian smiled and waved in farewell before turning around to leave the room. As soon as the door closed with a soft click, her face instantly turned cold. 
She walked to the kitchen and saw Ms. Booker focused on making soup. Despite the fragrant smell permeating her nose, her mood failed to take a better turn. 
Noticing Vivian, the housemaid hurriedly wiped her hands on her apron and respectfully approached her. “Miss, do you have any instructions?” she asked. 
“Please keep watch of Evelyn from now on. Report her every move to me,” Vivian ordered, her tone as cold as ice. 
To prevent Evelyn from harming Larry or herself, she needed to keep Evelyn in the palms of her hands. Moreover, Rachel would be undergoing surgery soon. She had to make sure Evelyn wouldn’t pull out last minute or else, everything would be in vain. 
Therefore, it was best to place Evelyn in an area where she had control and have her under her surveillance. 
“Yes,” Ms. Booker said. She had been with the Morrison family for several years and understood that it wasn’t her place to question things. 
“Take the soup to her when it’s ready. You have to be careful. Don’t let her find out anything,” Vivian said worriedly.
“I understand, Miss,” the housemaid answered seriously. 
“Thank you for your hard work.” Having said that, Vivian left the condominium. 
She gave Rachel a call immediately after and informed her of Evelyn’s whereabouts. 
“Is Evelyn all right? Was she injured?” Rachel questioned anxiously. 
With an expressionless face, Vivian said in a mild voice, “She’s all right. She’s resting now.”
###Chapter 648
Chapter 648 
“I am glad you are fine.” Rachel let out a sigh of relief and then asked anxiously, “Vivian, what’s the address of that apartment? I am worried that Evelyn would have a hard time living alone. I should go take care of her.” 
“It’s alright. I have already hired a nanny to take care of her.” Vivian tried to assure Rachel. “This nanny has been working in the Morrison family for several years. She is very experienced, so you don’t have to worry. Your current physical condition is also not very good, so it is better not to exhaust yourself. After you recover, I will bring you to see her again.” 
Hearing these words from Vivian, Rachel was grateful. “Vivian, thank you so much. Thank you for helping Evelyn.” 
“It’s okay. You don’t need to thank me,” Vivian responded politely. “Didn’t you say that Evelyn and I should take care of each other?” 
“I am glad that you can think of it this way.” Rachel expressed a relieved smile on the phone. “Vivian, Evelyn has been kicked out by Finnick, and I, as a mother, can’t do anything to help her. You are the only one I can count on to watch over her.” 
“I understand.” Vivian’s voice sounded a little moody. “I have something else to do, so I’ll hang up first. Don’t worry. I will make sure Evelyn being well taken care of.” 
“Okay. That’s good to know,” Rachel replied in a hustle. 
As soon as she hung up, Vivian raised her head and took a deep breath. She was worn out. 
Acting with Evelyn was exhausting, and talking to Rachel was even more so. She did not like how tiring her life was now, and she missed her old naive self.
But for the future of she and her son, reality had left her no choice. This was the only way to make sure justice be served. 
Taking a deep breath to clear her head, Vivian advanced towards her car. Larry should have finished school by now. Imagining her son’s lovely face and cute voice, her mood lightened up a little. 
But just after walking a few steps, Vivian detected hurried and chaotic footsteps behind her. Before she could turn her head vigilantly, she was held on a chokehold by a strong arm. 
In the next instance, a pair of hands covered her nose and mouth – it was, without doubt, a man. 
Vivian struggled vigorously and yelled in a muffled voice, trying to break from the restraint of the other party. But he was too strong, and her struggle failed to move him even an inch. 
Next, it was darkness all around. Vivian realized that she was blindfolded, and so she became even more anxious. Who exactly is this man? Who sent him? 
“Help!” Vivian shook her head desperately while making loud noises, hoping that someone around could miraculously come to her rescue. 
“Stop talking and stop struggling. As long as you don’t fight, we won’t hurt you.” The man’s hoarse voice echoed. 
As the man’s words slid into her ears, the fear in her heart multiplied. Dreading that these people would do something terrible to her, Vivian hurriedly nodded and gave in. 
After that, she felt she was carried being into a car, and her hands and feet were tied with rope. 
Forcing herself to calm down, Vivian was guessing who the kidnapper would be. The biggest suspects are Evelyn and Mark.
But Evelyn has just been driven out from the Norton family by Finnick. She would be too busy worrying about her own a** to kidnap me at this moment. Or is it Mark? If it was him, what does he want? Does he want to use me to threaten Finnick again? 
As the horror deepened, Vivian’s whole body quivered slightly. I can’t have anything happen to me. Otherwise, what will happen to Larry? My poor fatherless baby can’t lose his mother too! 
With that in mind, Vivian’s brain was dashing to conceive of a way to herself. But before she could think of anything, she felt the car came to a halt. 
Are we there? Where am I now? 
She was taken from the car by the two people who had been sitting next to her. Still uncertain of where she was, the sound that she heard next confused her even more.
###Chapter 649
Chapter 649 
Isn’t it the sound of an elevator? Where exactly is this? Based on my previous traumatic experience, shouldn’t I be taken to a warehouse or something? Why is there an elevator? 
With incomprehension, Vivian was finally lowered to the floor. To her surprise, those people just left after that. 
“Anyone there?” Vivian asked with her trembling voice, but there was no answer. 
Squirming her body vigorously, Vivian tried to sense the surrounding with her hands. It felt like a room. Why did they take me into a room? 
Recalling that Evelyn hired someone to humiliate herself before, cold sweat started dripping on Vivian’s forehead. 
Is it Evelyn again? Could it be that she would repeat the same act? Anyway, I’ll never let her succeed! I have to find a way to escape now. 
Fumbling around with her hands, Vivian searched for something to help her cut the rope. But her effort was in vain. 
Unable to obtain anything, she tried to loosen the rope via friction but only to realize that her wrists were being tied tightly. But the peculiar thing was that she did not feel any pain around her wrist. The rope that tied her did not seem to be an ordinary hemp rope, and it felt rather flimsy to the touch. 
That person… won’t be some sort of pervert, would it? At the thought of this, Vivian’s heart thumped wildly again, and she struggled even harder to set herself , but with no success.
Just when Vivian was overwhelmed with desperation, she heard the door opened. Then there were sounds of footsteps – calm and assertive. She knew right away it was a man. 
Still unable to break , Vivian was so anxious that her tears were about to fall. Who exactly is it? Is he going to do something to me? 
As the footsteps gradually approached, Vivian’s heart leaped to her throat. 
“Stop! Don’t come near! Who are you?” She summoned the courage to shout, but her shivering body exposed the panic in her heart. 
It was complete darkness in front of her, with only a slight glare piercing her eyes from below. Vivian tried to identify the person standing in front of her, but she soon realized that it was impossible. 
However, the words she yelled just now obviously had some effect. She sensed the footsteps had stopped and were no longer approaching her. 
Holding back her nerves, Vivian’s lips quivered as she opened her mouth again. “You… who are you? Why did you kidnap me?” 
Without responding to her question, the man in front of her stared at her with a complicated expression. After observing her for a long time, he lifted his feet and started going towards her again. 
Detecting the resuming footsteps, Vivian instantly moved back with vast effort. “Don’t come here! What do you want? Ah!” 
Vivian clearly sensed the man leaning down towards her. In fact, she could even slightly feel his breath at her neck. All of a sudden, she was picked up abruptly and placed on the sofa beside her. 
Is he going to do something bad to me? Despair emerged in Vivian’s heart that instant.
With that, Vivian shrank to the corner of the sofa in fear. Her tied hands were waving wildly in front of her. However, the man in front of her did not make any further movements. 
She could feel him standing in front of her. For some reason, she felt even more frightened when he was not moving. 
At this moment, she felt like a rabbit locked up in a cage. No matter how hard she struggled, she could only wait to be slaughtered. 
Under the hysteria of fear, Vivian ceased talking. She bit her lip firmly and froze as she waited quietly with the man. 
But after a while, she felt a warm hand caressing her cheek. He was touching her face! 
His hand gently stroked her cheek while his thumb and index finger subconsciously squeezed her thin chin. Those dark eyes of his were staring intensely at those delicate lips. 
The fear when facing the unknown was innate. At that moment, Vivian wanted so badly to burrow into the sofa to get away from that man, but it was no use. She had nowhere to run.
###Chapter 650
Chapter 650 
“Who are you? Did Evelyn or Mark send you?” Vivian interrogated uncertainly. Apart from these two people, she really could not think of anyone else that she had offended. 
The hand stroking her cheek suddenly paused. Vivian could clearly feel the hesitation in his fingers, but the man still did not provide an answer. 
Vivian’s voice seemed to echo in that room, and strange anxiety rose in her heart. Left without a choice, she abruptly shook her head to remove the man’s hand that was on her face. 
Not knowing where her courage came from, Vivian swiftly strode forward and shoved the man approaching her away. “Go away! Don’t touch me!” 
Her skin touched the man’s shirt, and she was startled to find that it felt rather smooth. Judging from her knowledge and experience with menswear, the material was probably something expensive and custom-made. 
If he was one of Evelyn and Mark’s, he probably wouldn’t wear such nice clothes. Who is he then? 
Frantically trying to figure out the man’s identity in her mind, Vivian was suddenly thrust onto the sofa. The overwhelming presence of the man made her heart fell with a thud. 
Vivian could almost predict what would happen next. At that point, she was terribly scared, screaming as she struggled. “Let go of me! You b**tard, get up…” 
Before she could finish her sentence, a pair of soft lips found their way to hers, pressing them tightly shut. The man’s massive body was forced onto her body, holding her captive. One of his hands supported the back of her head, while the other was holding her chin.
In the beginning, the man kissed her tenderly. It almost made Vivian think that the way he acted was towards the person he loved, and not a hostage. 
But when she thought that she was being humiliated by a stranger, the sense of shame soared in her heart. Coming back to her senses, she shook her head desperately to dodge him. 
Maybe it was her struggle that triggered the man. His kisses suddenly became more domineering, and his tongue swept through her mouth vigorously, like a hungry wolf craving for food. 
There was no way for Vivian to give in like this. She opened her mouth and wanted to bite the man’s tongue. But he seemed to have predicted her trick. He then pinched her jaw, numbing her tongue. 
At that point, Vivian’s eyebrows were already tightly furrowed. With her hands clasped tight, she used all her strength to punch the man. 
She could not be more intimidated then, despite knowing that her actions would not harm the man. But what she feared was worse; she feared if what she did would annoy him. Nonetheless, there was no way that she could endure such humiliation without doing anything. 
On the contrary, the man did not erupt from anger after that punch, and neither did she even hear a muffled groan. All the rage and hatred seemed to vanish into nowhere, and there was no response coming from the man. 
Boiled with frustration and restlessness, Vivian slapped the man recklessly. “A**hole, get out! Don’t you dare touch me!” 
The man wanted to stop her attack but discovered that the strength of this woman was unexpected. For a while, he even failed to restrain her.
Yet, the man just hung her tied wrist around his neck and locked her into a deep and passionate kiss. For some odd reason, there was a vaguely familiar scent lingering on the end of her nose. 
This smells… so familiar? Vivian’s heart started to tremble uncontrollably at that thought. 
Eventually, the man’s kiss was no longer as domineering as before. His lips then gently fell on her cheek and the corner of her lips as if to soothe an injured small animal. 
After that, his lips made their way down towards her cheeks. When he reached her chin, the man gently nibbled the tip of her chin and then returned to her lips. 
Vivian was startled by his every single move. Is it really him? Once that conjecture popped into her mind, she could not hold herself back any longer. 
Following that, Vivian carefully explored the man using her other senses – his body, his scent, his breath, and his familiar tiny movements when kissing. The longer she was entwined with him, the faster her heart beat. Now she was almost sure about the identity of the mystery man. 
It must be him. This is absurd! As she slowly came to a realization, Vivian felt flames of hatred burning all over her body. How could he do such a thing to me? He went too far this time, that b**tard!
###Chapter 651
Chapter 651 
There was no longer fear in her heart. She bit his lips fiercely and immediately tasted a metallic tang in her mouth. 
“F**k!” The man cursed as he did not expect to be bitten by her. In pain, he let go of her lips and stared at her with a slight annoyance in his eyes. 
When did she learn this? She had never bit me before. 
After he released her, Vivian was finally able to speak. “Finnick, what the heck are you doing? Let me go now!” 
The man was a bit frustrated that Vivian recognized him, but at the same time, he was delighted. She does know me, after all… 
Using his thumb to wipe the blood from the corner of his mouth, he took off Vivian’s black blindfold. 
The blinding flash glared in her face, and Vivian closed her eyes subconsciously. Seeing this, guilt and compassion flashed through Finnick’s eyes. He quickly covered her eyes with his hands. 
After getting used to the brightness, Vivian flung Finnick’s hand away. Seeing the man in front of her, she suddenly became enraged and struggled violently. “Let me go!” 
With one hand, Finnick firmly held Vivian’s wrist in front of his chest. Although he had specially requested those people to make a rope out of fabric, he was still worried that it would hurt her. 
Unable to struggle , Vivian became angrier. “Finnick, untie the rope now! Why the heck did you bring me here?”
“I just wanted to talk to you.” Not paying attention to Vivian’s scolding, Finnick gazed at her with tenderness and affection. “Vivian, I miss you.” 
“Is this how you show that you are missing someone?” Vivian scowled at him. “Do you know that you are breaking the law? If you don’t let me go, I swear I will sue you for kidnapping after I leave!” 
“Then I will have to stay here with you forever so that you won’t have a chance to leave,” Finnick mumbled solemnly. At that moment, Vivian was unable to distinguish if he was joking. 
“How dare you!” Discerning the seriousness in Finnick’s eyes, slight panic crept across her heart again. 
“Well, I guess I’m just that kind of a risk-taker,” Finnick uttered softly, staring at her eyes. “But, I’m not willing to.” 
“Finnick, you…” Vivian was lost for words, feeling she was being fooled. 
Upon Vivian’s speechlessness, Finnick gave a petty laugh. “Vivian, I was joking with you.” 
“I’m not in the mood for jokes. Untie me now!” Vivian was about to go nuts by the minute. 
Here I am, being kidnapped by my ex-husband for no reason. Could this be any more absurd? Are you freakin’ kidding me? 
“If I untie you, you will leave,” Finnick murmured with helplessness in his tone. “Vivian, how long have we not spoken properly? Don’t worry. I just want to chat with you for a while. I will ask Noah to send you back later.” 
Seeing that Finnick had insisted on keeping her hostage, Vivian turned her head aside in frustration and ignored him. Is this the Finnick I know? He even dares to kidnap me now!
With an outstretched arm, Finnick touched Vivian’s cheek gently as he gazed at her, his heart aching when he did so. “Vivian, we haven’t seen each other for so many years. Don’t you miss me at all?” 
That question brought back her bitter memories once again. Right then, Vivian suddenly remembered the time she gave birth to Larry. 
Due to the abnormal fetal position, she suffered a lot during delivery. Where were you when I needed you the most? Where were you when I suffered through the pain all alone in the labor room? 
Vivian tried hard to prevent her tears from falling. “No, not a single bit. You have no idea how happy my life is without you.” 
“Is that so?” Finnick smiled bitterly. “But I’m not happy at all. For the first two years, I could still sense your presence everywhere, but it turned out to be my own imagination. Vivian, did you know that all these years, I’ve… “ 
“Please just stop!” Vivian interrupted Finnick abruptly. “It’s all in the past, and there’s no chance that we’ll get back together. So what’s the point of saying all these now?”
###Chapter 652
Chapter 652 
If you missed me so much and couldn’t bear to let me go, why did you force me to abort my child back then? Why did you want to be with Evelyn? Are all men heartless liars like you? 
“Is… is this really the end?” Finnick asked after hearing Vivian’s words. His expression was full of tension. 
“Yes.” Vivian replied softly but firmly. 
“Why?” Finnick became anxious. He was unintentional about what happened back then. Why isn’t Vivian willing to give me a chance? 
“No reason,” Vivian said, “I don’t like you anymore, so naturally, I won’t be with you again.” 
“Is it because of Hunter? Are you with him now?” Is she really in love with another man? Is that why she won’t give me a chance to atone for my mistakes? 
Hearing Finnick’s words, Vivian almost laughed. He still had trust issues like before. That tragedy would not have happened if he had not doubted that the child was not his. 
Even now, he’s starting to suspect that there’s something between Hunter and me when I’ve only been seen with him a few times. 
Although Vivian had no intentions to be with Finnick again, she did not plan to lie to him either. It was exhausting enough to deceive Evelyn. With the addition of Finnick, she had no doubt her mental state would be in shambles. 
“No, I’m not seeing anyone,” Vivian answered emotionlessly.
“Really?” A hint of joy surfaced on Finnick’s face. “Vivian, since you’re not seeing anyone, why don’t we…” 
“There is no ‘we’!” Vivian glared at Finnick, fuming with rage. “Even if I am not with Hunter, I will never be with you. Period. I told you – there’s no chance between us, so please let me go now.” 
Seeing how determined Vivian was, Finnick’s heart ached. Despite that, he had made up his mind and would not give up easily. 
“Vivian, I know what I did five years ago was wrong. I’m really sorry. But I totally understand that you’re unable to forgive me that easily. I get it.” 
“I am glad you understand. However, we could never return to the past, so letting me go is the best choice. From now on, let’s go our own way.” 
She said it coolly, without an expression on her face. Yet, for some reason, she still felt an unexplainable sadness in her heart, knowing that Finnick would give up on them. 
It must be because of Larry. Larry has never been with his biological father since the day he was born. And I am afraid that he will never have this opportunity in the future. It is my fault that he grew up without a father… It’s all my fault. 
Shaking his head, Finnick got closer to Vivian, the tips of their nose almost touching. 
“You misunderstood what I meant. I won’t give up on you. I gave you up once five years ago, so I won’t let this happen again ever again. I swear!” Finnick uttered with an earnest tone. “Vivian, I’ve decided that I want to start pursuing you again.” 
Vivian was stunned by Finnick’s words. Huh? What did he just say? He wants to start pursuing me again?
It took a long time for Vivian to digest this. Calming down from the shock, she pushed Finnick away. “I told you – it’s over.” 
“In that case, I’ll start from anew!” Finnick got up from Vivian’s body and untied the rope that bound her hands and feet. 
Finnick stood in front of the sofa. “Vivian, I know that the way I brought you here today is inappropriate. But if I don’t do this, I’m afraid you won’t agree to meet. Now that I’ve finished what I wanted to say, I’ll ask Noah to take you back.” 
After that, Finnick took out his phone and made a call, asking Noah to come up immediately. 
Hanging up the phone, Finnick looked at Vivian hesitantly. “Vivian, do you have anything else you’d like to tell me?” 
Rubbing her burning wrist, Vivian shook her head. Except for her rejection, she did not know what else she could say to Finnick.
###Chapter 653
Chapter 653 
With disappointment in his eyes, Finnick continued, “I still have something I want to say to you. Although I have said it before, I still want to tell you again. My purpose in bringing you here today is to tell this. Vivian, I will never give up on you.” 
“We… “ Vivian wanted to reject again but was interrupted by Finnick. 
“Don’t… say that there’s no chance between us again. Vivian, you’re not seeing anyone at the moment, so I have the right to pursue you again. Heck, even if you’re married, I still won’t give up on you.” Finnick’s gaze was extraordinarily unyielding. 
“Are you going to be a homewrecker then?” Vivian felt that the man standing in front of her currently was so different from the Finnick she used to know. 
“I don’t mind as long as it’s you. You’re destined to be mine in this life!” Finnick replied. 
Staring at Finnick incredulously, Vivian did not know what she should say. If this was truly how he feels, why would he do such a thing back then? 
The two of them just stared at each other while sinking into an endless silence. 
Just then, there was a knock on the door. After a final gaze at Vivian, Finnick turned around and opened the door. It was Noah. 
Looking at Vivian, Finnick then instructed Noah. “Send her back.” 
“Yes, sir.” In response, Noah walked towards Vivian. “Mrs. Norton, I’ll send you back.”
Hearing what Noah called her, Vivian felt a little awkward. We’re clearly divorced, Noah… Why is he still referring to me as Mrs. Norton? 
“Noah, it is better that you don’t…” Vivian paused halfway. It’s just a name, after all. If I worry about it too much, it might seem like I care about it. Gah… Just forget it. 
“Mrs. Norton, what’s the matter?” Noah asked in befuddlement as Vivian did not finish her sentence. 
“It’s nothing.” Shaking her head, Vivian stood up and strolled towards the door. “Please send me back. Thank you.” 
Initially, she wanted to go back by herself. However, she had recalled that she was brought all the way here with a blindfold over her eyes. Hence, she had no idea where she was. 
“You’re welcome, Mrs. Norton.” Noah hurriedly followed behind her. 
With that, Vivian left hastily towards the door. She did not even take a look at Finnick when she walked past him. Noah, who was following her, bowed slightly towards Finnick. “Mr. Norton, I will send Mrs. Norton home. “ 
“Drive safe,” Finnick reminded with concern. 
“Yes, sir.” Nodding, Noah tried to catch up with Vivian’s pace again. 
When the two finally left, Finnick suddenly felt a sense of fatigue. He headed to the sofa and lay down, carefully taking in the scent that Vivian left on it. 
What can I do to get her back? 
Gazing at Vivian in the rearview mirror, Noah was full of guilt. The scene of her crying and begging him arose in his mind. If I hadn’t help Evelyn, Mr. and Mrs. Norton would not have been separated.
Inadvertently raising her head, Vivian’s eyes met with Noah’s in the rearview mirror. 
“What’s wrong?” Looking at the expression on Noah’s face, she felt that he had something to say to her. 
Shocked by Vivian’s question, Noah nervously turned away from her gaze. “It’s nothing.” 
Feeling unsure about Noah’s response, Vivian nodded regardless. She then recalled what Finnick said earlier. What did he mean by “start pursuing me again”? How exactly does he plan to do so? No matter what he does, I will never change my mind. I won’t allow myself to repeat the same stupid mistake. 
After struggling for a while, Noah finally opened his mouth hesitantly. “Mrs. Norton, I’m sorry for what happened back then. It was actually my fault. I shouldn’t… I… “ 
Noah wanted to confess to Vivian that Evelyn was the one who schemed everything back then, and it had nothing to do with Finnick. The words were on the tip of his tongue, but he was unable to say them. 
Hearing what Noah said, Vivian broke off from her own thoughts. All those memories came flashing back once again.
###Chapter 654
Chapter 654 
It was impossible that Vivian didn’t blame Noah at all. But she knew that it was not entirely the latter’s fault. He was just following Finnick’s order, after all. 
“It’s okay. I know that incident has nothing to do with you. You are just following the order,” said Vivian. 
Seeing as Vivian being so forgiving, Noah felt even more apologetic. “Mrs. Norton, it’s not like that. I- I…” 
Noah wanted to muster up his courage and reveal the truth, but he failed to do so. 
“Okay, stop it. I don’t want to continue dwelling on this topic anymore. Keep your eyes on the road.” Vivian could feel a tinge of remorse in Noah’s tone, but she didn’t want to recall the incident that occurred back then ever again. 
Hearing that, Noah didn’t say anything else. But, he couldn’t focus on driving either. At that time, he contemplated whether to tell Vivian the truth. 
Without knowing it, the car had reached the Morrison residence. Vivian opened the door and got out of the car. After waving her hand at Noah, she turned and headed in the direction of the door. 
Staring at Vivian’s back, Noah had a mental bout of tug-of-war. But in the end, he decided to keep mum about the truth. To him, it was too difficult to make a confession and explain everything to the former. 
After reaching home, Vivian found that Benedict was sitting on the sofa with an anxious expression on his face. 
Hence, she walked toward the latter and asked, “Ben, what’s wrong?”
“Vivian!” When Benedict saw her, he sprang up, and his face gleamed with delight. But soon, he said with a serious tone, “Where have you been? Why didn’t you pick up my call? I’m worried sick about you, do you know that?” 
“What?” Hearing that, Vivian immediately grabbed her phone from her bag. Then, she noticed that she had several missed calls. “Sorry, Ben. I set my phone on silent mode, so I didn’t hear it ringing.” 
Upon seeing guilt on Vivian’s face, Benedict softened his tone and signaled for the former to sit down. “Don’t forget to turn on the ringtone next time. I thought something happened to you just now. Where did you go?” 
“I-I went to see Finnick,” Vivian answered truthfully. 
“Why do you want to meet him?” asked Benedict while frowning. Then, he scrutinized Vivian and queried, “Did he do anything to you?” 
“No. He just asked me out and told me something,” answered Vivian. She didn’t want to let Benedict know how Finnick asked her out. 
“What did he say?” 
“He said he wants to pursue me again.” 
“No way. I can’t let this happen!” When Benedict heard that, molten anger rolled through him. “Vivian, he doesn’t deserve you anymore since he did such things to you back then. If you agree to get back together with him, I’m afraid that he’ll treat you that way again. Listen to me, Vivian. You can’t say yes. If you fall for him again, you’ll be hurt once again.” 
Seeing that Benedict was a little agitated, Vivian immediately consoled him, “Don’t worry, Ben. I didn’t plan to get back together with him. I’m no longer the silly girl, Vivian William. I won’t do anything that
will subject myself to misery anymore.” 
“It’s good that you know it.” A sense of relief washed over Benedict upon hearing Vivian’s response. 
He had witnessed the hellish suffering that Vivian had experienced five years ago with his own eyes. Even until now, the latter still hadn’t recovered from it. Therefore, he was afraid that Vivian wouldn’t be able to bear it if the same thing happened again. 
On the other hand, Larry, who was eavesdropping on their conversation, let out a grin when he heard that. Get mommy back? Wow! Daddy is so cool. It seems like I’m going to live with dad and mom soon. 
It was a sleepless night for Vivian that night as she tossed and turned in bed. Finnick’s words occupied her mind and were impossible to erase. 
She couldn’t explain why she felt delighted when she knew that Finnick had the intention of getting her back. She didn’t even dare to think further about that because she was afraid that she couldn’t accept it. 
That night, she didn’t sleep a wink. She finally fell asleep when it was nearly dawn. After sleeping for two hours, she was awakened by the shrill sound of her alarm. 
Then, she went to work with dark circles around her eyes in a daze. Just as she stepped foot into the magazine company, she saw Sarah dashed toward her.
###Chapter 655
Chapter 655 
“Vivian, why are you so late? Something big has happened!” 
Hearing that, Vivian regained her senses immediately. When she saw other colleagues were also looking at her with worried expressions on their faces, she felt like something terrible happened. 
“What’s going on?” queried Vivian with a stern expression on her face. 
“Our magazine company was acquired by a big company!” replied Sarah nervously. 
Vivian was shocked at the former’s words and frowned as she asked, “What? Why didn’t I receive the news from the head office? Who did you hear that from?” 
Right when Sarah was about to answer the former, another colleague cut her off, “This morning, a person who claimed to be the general manager’s assistant of Century Media came and informed us that our magazine company was acquired by their company. But there is no manpower shift within our company. You’re still the Chief Editor. Oh, by the way, he asked you to attend a meeting in their company this afternoon.” 
Vivian heaved a sigh of relief when she heard that because there was a silver lining in the incident. At least there’s no personnel change. Otherwise, I won’t know how to explain to the colleagues with whom I interact on a daily basis. 
But that’s odd! This incident happens too abruptly. I haven’t heard anything about this before. 
As far as I know, Century Media is an entertainment company that has been progressing well and has a good reputation in the industry. Since they had bought over our magazine company, it’s weird that they don’t make any personnel changes and still keep current staff. Although this is what made me felt relieved, it doesn’t make sense at all.
With those thoughts running wild in her head, Vivian had a bad premonition. She felt that something terrible was about to happen. 
“Alright. At the very least, there’s no personnel change in our company. This is not a bad thing. We can still work together. Get back to your work now. I’ll tell you more about that after I attend the meeting later.” 
After comforting the staff, Vivian went back to her office. However, she couldn’t focus on her work at all. 
The whole incident is extremely strange! What on earth is going on? 
Meanwhile, the other colleagues in the magazine company were the same as Vivian. They weren’t in the mood to work at that time and were chatting about the company’s acquisition. 
In the afternoon, Vivian arrived at Century Media on time based on the address given. When the receptionist heard Vivian’s name, she immediately took the latter to the meeting room on the second floor. 
By the time Vivian entered the meeting room, she was utterly stunned when she saw the person sitting at the head of the table. Why is Finnick here? I’ve never heard that he is related to Century Media. 
Upon seeing Vivian stood rooted at the entrance, the staff who was standing aside walked towards her hurriedly and said softly, “Are you Vivian? This is your seat. The meeting is about to begin. Please be seated.” 
Coming back to her sense, Vivian followed the staff to her seat deliriously while thinking about how Finnick was related to the acquisition of her company. 
Soon, the meeting began. Finnick didn’t look at Vivian even once. He just focused on listening to the work reports from the supervisors of each department, pointed out their mistakes, and set the following
goals in their works. 
Vivian didn’t focus on the meeting at all. She was dying to know what exactly was going on. Actually, she wanted to ask the people around her, but she was afraid to do so because she didn’t know any of them. 
At that time, a girl who sat beside her noticed that she looked anxious. Then, the former whispered, “Are you the Chief Editor of the magazine company that our company recently acquired?” 
“Yes, I am,” Vivian answered hastily and asked, “Do you know why is Finnick here? Isn’t he the president of Finnor Group?” 
“You don’t know?” That girl looked at her, baffled. Then, the former explained, “Century Media is the subsidiary of Finnor Group. Naturally, Mr. Norton is our boss. It’s him who decided to buy over your magazine company yesterday. But we just did not expect he would take action that fast.”
###Chapter 656
Chapter 656 
“Anyway, we are colleagues from now on. I’m looking forward to working with you.” That girl smiled brightly. 
Vivian plastered a smile on her face and replied, “I’m excited to be working with you too.” 
It’s Finnick! What is he trying to do? When Vivian recalled what Finnick said yesterday, a fresh swell of rage rose in her. Finnick, you scumbag! How dare you treat my work as a joke! 
Just as Vivian was still simmering with rage, she heard Finnick’s voice, “The last one is our new staff, Vivian Morrison, the Chief Editor of the magazine company. Ms. Morrison, please tell me about the work progress of the magazine company.” 
She had no courage to question Finnick in front of everyone, so she suppressed her wrath and followed Finnick’s order. 
After listening to Vivian’s report, Finnick didn’t respond to that. Instead, he said, “Ms. Morrison, since it is part of the job, you have to drop by Century Media every week to report the work progress of the magazine company to me in person. That’s all for today. We’ll end the meeting here.” 
With that, Finnick got up and was ready to leave the meeting room. 
Vivian called out his name in a panic when she saw the former walked past her. “Mr. Norton, I have to ask you something.” 
Without looking at Vivian, Finnick continued walking and replied formulaically, “Follow me to my office.” 
At that, Vivian clenched her hands into fists and followed him closely.
The minute both of them left the meeting room, the staff in the room exploded into a discussion. 
“What’s wrong with Mr. Norton? Report work progress every week? I think he meddles too much.” 
“Ms. Morrison looks quite pretty. Could it be that Mr. Norton fancies her, so he asked her to report the work progress to him that frequently?” 
“Hmm… Your words make sense. If not, why did Mr. Norton buys the magazine company in a hurry and even keeps their current staff?” 
At that moment, a male colleague couldn’t bear listening to their speculations anymore and said, “Hey, guys. Are you serious? Don’t tell me that you don’t know anything about the relationship between Mr. Norton and Ms. Morrison.” 
“Do you have any insider information? Quick, tell us!” Hearing his words, everyone got excited and urged him. 
“Guys, after all, we are in the media industry. How can you know nothing about our boss’ gossips? The Chief Editor, Ms. Morrison is our boss’ ex-wife!” said the male colleague with a proud expression on his face. 
“What? Are you sure the information is credible?” A look of shock flashed across everyone’s faces upon hearing that. 
“Yes. I’m completely certain of it.” That man answered firmly. 
After an astonishing moment, the staff’s incredulity transformed into comprehension. 
“So, why did Mr. Norton all these things? Is he trying to get his ex-wife back?” 
“I think so. If not, is there a need for Mr. Norton to go through so much trouble?”
“Then, do you think his ex-wife will agree to get back together with him? Do we need to greet her more politely when we see her next time?” 
Meanwhile, Vivian was questioning Finnick angrily in the latter’s office. She didn’t know that her relationship with Finnick had already spread like wildfire in the new company at that time. 
“Finnick! What exactly are you trying to do? Why Did you acquire the magazine company?” 
Finnick didn’t mind that Vivian shouted at him hot-temperedly. When he heard her words, he replied with a gentle tone, “Vivian, I already told you yesterday. I want to get back together with you.” 
“So you treat my work as a joke?” Vivian felt that the former had gone off the rails. 
“I didn’t treat your work as a joke. I have thought of it thoroughly before making the decision. Century Media can help in the development of the magazine company. It can provide your company with better media and financial support. Moreover, I’ve retained all current staff.” 
“Do you think I will feel grateful to you for doing that?” Vivian’s words came out in a mocking tone. Is he trying to take credit for what he had done? 
Upon hearing that, Finnick approached Vivian and replied, “Vivian, I’m not asking for your gratitude. I just want to get closer to you. We can work together from now on. Isn’t this a good thing?” 
“No! I don’t think so!” Vivian stepped two steps back and pulled away from Finnick. Then, she continued, “I can’t work with you! I want to resign!”
###Chapter 657
Chapter 657 
Is she willing to forsake her job to run away from me? Finnick’s heart ached because he could vividly recall the passion she had for her job. 
He kept his emotions to himself and provoked her. “Are you sure? The Vivian I used to know would never give up easily!” 
“Vivian William had passed on five years ago! Currently, you’re talking to Vivian Morrison! I will never allow you to get the better of me again!” 
After Vivian yelled at Finnick, she stomped her steps away. Does he really think he’s able to threaten me? No way! 
Staring at Vivian’s departing figure, Finnick sank into his chair. His hands unwittingly balled into fists when he recalled the words she had enunciated. 
She’s still the one and only Vivian I know! He was certain she was the one and only he had in mind. Therefore, he refused to give up just yet. 
On her way back to the magazine company, Vivian couldn’t make up her mind if she should tender her resignation. Truth be told, she couldn’t bear to leave her job and her fellow colleagues. 
After their collective effort over the past two months, the sales of the company had drastically increased. She might regret her action should she leave when the best was about to come. 
On top of that, she had a great time working alongside her colleagues. They had formed a dynamic working relationship. Should she quit, she would have to start all over again.
However, if she refused to quit, she would have to encounter Finnick at least once a week. She was particularly against that. What should I do? Isn’t there a win-win situation? 
She returned to the magazine company with the issue unsolved. The moment she walked into the office, she heard her colleagues cheering. 
Caroline was the first to drag Vivian over to the computer. “Look! The result for the total copies of the latest issue sold is out! We’re still the champion! I can’t believe it!” 
“Are you serious?” Vivian was equally thrilled. She moved the mouse and perused the data on the screen. 
“Vivian, it’s all thanks to your interview with Hunter! You’re awesome! I can already foresee the future of our company under your guidance!” Sarah rushed over and wrapped her arms around Vivian. 
“She’s right, Vivian!” Ken, who was aside, played along and asserted, “I can’t believe we’re the champion twice in a role! We’re no longer the same in the industry!” 
“Do you have any idea how proud I am? One of my friends from the industry asked me if there’s any vacant slot! He said he wanted to join the company because of the bright future awaiting him!” 
“Our Chief Editor is the best! Hip hip hooray!” Someone initiated the cheers and started expressing their admiration. It was evident they really appreciated Vivian’s effort. 
“Wait!” Sarah stopped her colleagues and said, “We should get her to treat us to a meal!” 
Applauding, the rest of the crowd started cheering, “Please buy us a meal, our beloved Chief Editor!” 
Vivian was overwhelmed with a sense of achievement when she caught a glimpse of her colleagues’ expressions. They were serious when they said they truly appreciated her effort.
Thus, she gave up on the thought of tendering her resignation because she couldn’t bear to leave her team after the series of events they had gone through. She wasn’t the one at fault back in the days. In other words, she wouldn’t have to run away from him. 
When she made up her mind, she felt as though a heavy boulder had been lifted off her shoulders. I need to stop overthinking things! It doesn’t really matter if I’m going to run into Finnick at least once every week! It’s nothing but part of my job! 
Vivian shrugged her concerns off her mind once she made up her mind. She decided to devote herself to the series of challenges in store for her. 
Instead of overthinking things that had yet to occur, she decided to live in the moment and enjoy doing things she was passionate about.
###Chapter 658
Chapter 658 
Since they managed to top the chart twice in a role, everyone felt motivated for the challenges in the future. They secretly hoped they could top the chart for three consecutive months, but it would be easier said than done. 
In order to achieve the ambitious goal, they took various factors into consideration before deciding the appropriate candidate for the upcoming interview. 
It was the third meeting of the week, but the meeting was dismissed without a clear goal to act upon because they couldn’t decide on a suitable candidate. 
“As the most renowned architect in Sunshine City, Norman is relatively famous as compared to the last two candidates, but I don’t think he’s the best candidate because the audience tends to judge a book by its cover.” 
In spite of being a rookie, Charlotte was known for her capability and gorgeous look. Therefore, others found her words reasonable. 
Soon, someone added, “I agree because the reason the last issue managed to garner the attention of the audience was Hunter’s exceptional look. Although it has been quite a few weeks, we still receive comments from his fans. Therefore, I’m afraid Norman doesn’t have what it takes to top the chart.” 
Another attendee of the meeting said, “With that being said, we don’t have a better candidate in mind. We need to make up our minds as soon as possible because we’re running out of time. Otherwise, we can’t possibly produce quality content.” 
Everyone went dead silent at that score. They were afraid things would head south if they made a reckless decision, but they were running out of time as well.
“Why don’t we conduct a follow-up interview with Hunter?” Sarah broke the silence and suggested, “Since the launching of the last issue, the reader has gained an increasing interest in Hunter. Shall we ride the wave of success and try our luck?” 
Her fellow colleagues felt a sense of revelation when they heard her. “She’s right! Since Hunter is the most famous bachelor in Sunshine City, I think it’s fine to conduct another interview with him!” 
“If Hunter is portrayed on the cover again, I won’t mind buying another issue!” 
“I agree!” 
“Me too!” 
… 
Sarah’s colleagues were keen to proceed with her suggestion. Vivian was the only one who had yet to make her stand clear. 
“Since everyone agrees, I’ll consult the higher-ups soon. I’ll revert back to the team before the end of the day. With that, let’s dismiss,” Vivian announced. 
She was of the same opinion as well, but since Finnick had become her supervisor, she would have to get his consent before proceeding. 
Coincidentally, it was the time of the week again—she would have to report the summary she had gathered. 
After the rest walked out of the meeting room, Vivian got anxious all of a sudden. Although it was part of her job to meet Finnick, she had a hard time carrying herself in a calm and collected manner. She took a deep breath in an attempt to collect her thoughts that were all over the place.
In the afternoon, Vivian initiated a call and confirmed Finnick was in his office in Century Media before making her way over. 
Immediately after he hung up the call, Finnick rushed all the way to the parking lot of Finnor Group and made his way to Century Media. He was all smiles when he was on his way there. 
She was still the woman he used to know—never would she give up without putting on a fight. He knew he made the right choice because it was the first time she initiated a call ever since she was back. 
By the time she reached the company, Vivian noticed the odd expressions of the onlookers. Perhaps they had gotten their hands on her relationship with Finnick. 
Sighing in her mind, Vivian knew she didn’t have the time for the gossipmongers. She made her way to Finnick’s office right away. She knocked on the door and made her way in when she heard his voice.
###Chapter 659
Chapter 659 
“Mr. Norton.” Vivian bowed at Finnick’s presence, indicating she was there as his subordinate. 
“Have a seat.” He beckoned her over to join him. 
Vivian cut the small talk and took a seat as instructed, showing him the summary of the progress over the past week. 
Finnick felt awful because Vivian had made herself clear; the sole reason she was there was for work. He couldn’t do anything about it because he ran out of better ideas to reach her. 
“Mr. Norton, Hunter is the candidate for our upcoming issue because we wish to ride the wave of the last issue’s success.” After she finished reporting the summary, Vivian brought up the proposal to acquire Finnick’s consent. 
“No!” 
When Finnick turned her down without a second thought, Vivian got worked up. “Why? The decision has been collectively made after much consideration. Hunter is the best candidate. Can you please reconsider your decision, Mr. Norton?” 
“Do I need a reason to turn down the proposal? Is there anything else?” Finnick’s expression darkened out of the blue. 
He couldn’t be bothered if Hunter was the best candidate or not because he would never allow her anywhere his rival. 
At the end of the day, Finnick was her supervisor. Therefore, she couldn’t possibly defy him during work. Albeit reluctantly, Vivian had no choice but to listen to Finnick.
After he turned down the proposal, Finnick directed a few simple questions at Vivian, including the composition of text, the areas to be focused on, and the corresponding market research. 
Vivian was infuriated because she had included those in the summary a few minutes ago. Is he trying to waste my time? Has he not paid attention? If he doesn’t really care, why has he summoned me here? 
Although she was fed up, she managed to keep her composure and put on a calm front. 
She knew she was there as Finnick’s subordinate. Therefore, she had no right to throw a tantrum in front of him. In the end, she repeated herself and answered his questions. 
“Do you prefer Pillere Island or Moranta?” Finnick asked a completely irrelevant question out of the blue. 
“Pillere Island.” Subconsciously, Vivian answered the question before she could grasp the situation. “May I know what this is about, Mr. Norton?” 
Smiling, instead of answering her queries, Finnick instructed Noah, who happened to be in the office, “We’ll throw a party to celebrate the magazine company’s success on Pillere Island. Can you please get everything ready?” 
Noah took note of Finnick’s instruction and bowed at Vivian before making his way out of the office. 
When Vivian heard Finnick’s instructions, she got increasingly confused. “Why are you throwing a party abroad out of the blue?” 
“Consider this an effort to appreciate the staff’s hard work since the last two issues topped the chart! We need to motivate them and nurture their passion with appropriate compensation,” Finnick explained the rationale behind his action.
“Don’t worry. The holding company has the expenses for the trip covered. You just have to bring your staff with you and enjoy yourselves. I’m sure they’re going to have a great time.” 
Vivian found Finnick’s words reasonable. In fact, they would have to work harder than ever before to ensure the consistency of quality. Thus, it would be necessary for them to break every now and then. 
“If that’s the case, on behalf of my colleagues, allow me to express our utmost gratitude.” Vivian’s expression finally eased up. 
He felt awful because she had been addressing him as Mr. Norton since she stepped into his office. Nonetheless, the fact she was willing to talk to him indicated things had improved. 
He had no choice but to play along and beat around the bush in a similar manner. “They totally deserve it. The tentative date for the trip is next Friday. Once you’re back, tell them the great news and get them to get ready.” 
Vivian nodded and wrapped up their conversation. She couldn’t get used to the overly formal conversation they had either. 
“Mr. Norton, is there anything else you need? If there isn’t, allow me to excuse myself. There are quite a few things that require my attention back in the office. The team is still waiting for my instructions.” 
“There’s nothing else. You’re to go.” Finnick was afraid his action would be over the top and irritate her. Therefore, he stopped getting in her way.
###Chapter 660
Chapter 660 
“See you again, Mr. Norton.” Vivian nodded and walked out of the office. 
Staring at her departing figure, Finnick’s eyes flickered in misery. 
Whenever she walked away from him, he would feel as if she was about to leave him forever. He was determined to brace himself until the day she returned to him. Someday, he would keep her by his side forever. 
Meanwhile, the moment Vivian returned to her office, her pumped-up colleagues surrounded her again. “Vivian, have we acquired the consent from our higher-ups to conduct an interview with Hunter?” 
Vivian shook her head with a serious expression and said, “Unfortunately, we need to come up with another candidate.” 
“Huh? Why?” 
“Hunter is the only one I have in mind! What’s going on with those from the headquarter?” 
“Duh? How are we supposed to get someone else for the interview? I guess Norman is our only choice.” 
“Are we able to top the chart for three consecutive months? I’m still waiting for a pay raise after achieving a seemingly impossible feat!” 
… 
When the rest of the staff heard the bad news, they started complaining. They were equally dejected with despair written all over their faces.
“Let’s forget about the bad news for the time being because I have another great news for everyone!” Vivian announced with a bright grin, interrupting the sulking bunch. 
“What is it?” Sarah asked in a hushed voice because she was overwhelmed by the bad news. 
Initially, she had the draft and the composition of Hunter’s upcoming interview ready. To her surprise, things turned out the other way. I need to do everything from scratch again! I guess there goes my weekend, huh? 
“Since the last two issues had topped the chart of Sunshine City, the company has decided to conduct a trip to Pillere Island over the next weekend! All the expenses will be covered by the company!” 
Vivian was surrounded by her colleagues once again when they heard the great news. 
“Are you serious? We’re going abroad for a trip over the next weekend?” 
“Oh, God! The higher-ups are such a generous bunch! I love my boss!” 
“That’s wonderful! I can’t believe I finally get to take a breather! I’m on the verge of losing my mind after all the things we have been through!” 
… 
The sulking bunch cheered and felt as though they had taken a trip from hell to heaven within a few minutes. 
“Calm down, everyone! We’ll depart on the upcoming Friday! Please get everything ready by then, but for the time being, let’s return to work because we’re still in the middle of working hours!” Vivian beckoned her colleagues back to their seats.
They returned to their respective seats with a bright grin. Happiness was in the air throughout the rest of the day. 
After Vivian returned to her office, she gave Finnick’s instructions another thought and found them contradicting. It felt as though it was compensation for the misery he had caused. 
Soon, it was Friday. Vivian made her way to the airport right away because she had told everyone to gather at the airport at ten o’clock in the morning. 
To her surprise, the moment she reached the airport, she saw someone whose name wasn’t on the list —Finnick. 
Can anyone tell me the reason he’s here? Why haven’t I heard of anything about him tagging along? If I’m aware he’s tagging along, there’s no way I’m making the trip! However, I can’t possibly call off the trip when I have reached the airport, can I? 
“Vivian!” Sarah and Vivian’s colleagues rushed over and showed her the way in immediately. “Is Finnick the mysterious man who has acquired the company? He showed up out of nowhere and said he would be tagging along with us!” 
Vivian nodded and announced, “As of now, Century Media is a subsidiary of Finnor Group.” 
Sarah was dumbfounded. She probed further, “Why? Does that mean you have returned to the headquarter for a meeting with Finnick? Has he acquired the company because of you?” 
“You need to stop overthinking things because he has acquired our company for financial gains and opportunities in the market.” Vivian denied it, yet she knew that wasn’t the case. 
“Oh…” Sarah had her doubts but decided to play along with Vivian. Seconds later, she asked, “Vivian, are you still coming along? When others figured out he was the mysterious man behind the acquisition,
they had been wondering the sort of relationship you had with him.” 
If I don’t make the trip, isn’t it obvious something fishy is going on between us? 
“Of course! It’s not a big deal, isn’t it? Why can’t I make the trip when we’re merely colleagues?” Vivian responded with a smile and approached Finnick.
###Chapter 661
Chapter 661 
“Hello, Mr. Norton.” 
“Hey…” Finnick peered into Vivian’s eyes in an intimate manner, showing her the affection he had for her. “I decided to tag along without informing you beforehand. Is it going to cause you a lot of trouble?” 
Vivian forced a smile and stated, “What are you talking about, Mr. Norton?” 
She’s not the same anymore. Back in the day, she had a hard time flattering others against her will, but the woman in front of me can easily conceal her emotions. Finnick noticed the differences and felt a heart-wrenching sensation deep down. 
Since the center of everyone’s discussion had shown up, the bustling crowd kept their mouths shut and had their eyes glued to the duo. 
Staring at the duo’s formal interaction, they started speculating the sort of relationship they had in their minds. Considering the fact they’re getting along, have they patched things up? Are they getting into another relationship? 
“Mr. Norton, please excuse me because I need to check in my luggage.” After exchanging the customary pleasantries, Vivian brought her things away with her and was about to leave. 
“Hold on!” Finnick went after Vivian and took over one of the luggage she had. “It’s way too heavy! Allow me to help you!” 
As his subordinate, I’m not supposed to defy his words, am I? I guess I have to allow him to do me the favor.
Vivian tried her best to suppress the wrath she felt and forced a courteous smile, playing the role of the man’s subordinate. “Thank you so much, Mr. Norton!” 
“Why don’t you hand over the other one to me as well?” Finnick pointed at the other luggage Vivian had. 
“It’s fine, Mr. Norton! I can carry that with me!” She waved and turned him down. 
The duo departed one after another and made their way in the direction of the baggage drop-off counter under everyone’s attention. 
The crowd engaged themselves in another round of heated discussion after they walked away. 
“Do you think Mr. Norton has acquired the company because of the Chief Editor?” 
“Probably! Otherwise, why would someone want to acquire our company out of the blue?” 
“Haven’t they filed for divorce? Why do they seem to be so ambiguous?” 
“I’m sure he’s trying to win the Chief Editor back again! I mean, why else would he want to tag along with us for a meaningless trip?” 
“You’re right! I’m pretty sure that’s the case! Judging by her response, I think there’s a huge probability she’s going to say yes!” 
“I guess humans tend to stay in their comfort zone, huh?” 
… 
When Shannon heard their discussion, she clenched her fist with all her might. Wrath and jealousy could be seen in her burning eyes.
Why has God been so unfair? Why does Vivian get all the good things in life? 
She had the chance to get married to the exceptional and wealthy Finnick when she was merely a nobody! Although Finnick was bound to a wheelchair back then, he was the most exceptional bachelor in Sunshine City. Literally, he was every woman’s crush. 
Shannon was glad they filed for divorce, but she soon found out Vivian was the successor of Morrison Group. In short, Vivian’s life had taken another drastic change for the better over the night! 
Although Vivian was the successor of the almighty Morrison family, she couldn’t threaten Shannon at all because she made her way to A Nation shortly after the shocking revelation. 
To Shannon’s surprise, five years later, Vivian returned to the company with a brand new identity. Once Vivian was back, she took over Shannon’s role as the Chief Editor. 
Shannon would grit her teeth whenever she took part in a meeting conducted by Vivian because she was supposed to be the team’s leader. 
When she thought things couldn’t get worse, she found out Finnick was on a journey to patch things up with Vivian. 
Oh, God! How am I supposed to surpass her if she’s both Mrs. Norton and Ms. Morrison? Ugh! It’s so unfair! Am I destined to be inferior to Vivian for the rest of my life? 
On the other hand, when it was time to board the plane, Vivian heaved a sigh of relief because she could finally stay away from Finnick during the flight. 
She was greatly irked by his presence, yet she had to force a smile and keep her frustration to herself because of others’ presence.
When they boarded the plane, she noticed things couldn’t possibly be worse because she was seated right next to Finnick. She stopped suppressing her wrath and had her back facing others, glaring at Finnick in the eyes.
###Chapter 662
Chapter 662 
She knew it wasn’t a mere coincidence—he must be behind the odd seat arrangement. 
On the other hand, Finnick was confused by her glare, but he noticed the reason behind it when he saw the crumpled boarding pass in her hand. 
The man exclaimed, “Oh! It turns out you’re sitting beside me? That’s such a coincidence!” 
Vivian got up from her seat and wanted to change her seat with Sarah or Caroline, but when she turned around, she saw everyone with their eyes on them. 
She recalled the conversation she had with Sarah and thought it wouldn’t be wise to change her seat. 
In the end, the frustrated woman turned around and brought herself back to her initial seat. 
Finnick felt helpless when he caught a glimpse of Vivian’s response. He wondered if it was the right decision to get Noah to get Vivian seated right next to him. 
“Finnick, what the heck do you want?” Vivian confronted the man in a hushed voice. 
He replied in a serious manner, “I’m trying to get to know my staff better.” 
“Finnick!” If it weren’t because of her colleagues, Vivian would have long cast her phone in Finnick’s direction. Getting to know your staff? What kind of joke is this? 
Sighing wearily when he saw Vivian’s puckered face, Finnick said, “Vivian, I just want to spend some time with you.” 
“Is that reason behind this entire trip?” she asked in a callous tone.
“That’s merely a part of the reasons because I meant it when I said I wanted to reward the team for a job well done. It’s not easy to top the chart twice in a role,” Finnick repeated himself. 
Vivian’s expression finally eased up when she heard Finnick’s words, but she had no intention to talk to him anymore. She reached for the blindfold she had with her and turned around, facing him with her back. 
Finnick knew that was the end of their conversation. It was destined to be a long journey for him to win her over again. 
Initially, Vivian pretended she needed to sleep to avoid having a conversation with Finnick, but shortly after she closed her eyes, she started falling asleep for real. 
Perhaps it was due to the odd posture—she had a hard time sleeping. Unwittingly, she turned around and had her face facing Finnick. 
Finnick gulped when he saw Vivian’s velvety lips beneath the pink blindfold. What’s going to happen if I try to kiss her when she’s asleep? 
He pondered the possible consequences of his action over and over again. 
In the end, he decided to give up. Since they were surrounded by Vivian’s subordinates, he didn’t want them to talk about her behind her back. 
It must be pretty uncomfortable, isn’t it? Should I move over and let her sleep on my shoulders? It’s going to feel better, isn’t it? 
He inched over in her direction once he made up his mind. 
“Vivian, we have reached our destination. Hey, wake up, Vivian…”
When Vivian was having a great time sleeping, she heard someone calling her. She became wide awake as soon as she removed the blindfold and saw the man in front of her. 
Finnick! 
She raised her head and noticed she had been sleeping on his shoulder all this while. The confused woman couldn’t help but wonder if she had moved over in her sleep. 
Embarrassed, Vivian stuttered because she was at a loss for words to explain herself. “I-I’m so sorry… I-It wasn’t part of my plan… I-I…” 
She took a peek at his shoulder and flushed when she noticed the stain on his shirt. Vivian blamed herself for drooling in her sleep and found herself embarrassing. 
On the other hand, Finnick enjoyed being around the helpless Vivian. He drew a few tissues and wiped his shirt while asserting, “It’s not a big deal. Shall we alight from the plane?” 
“O-Oh… S-Sure…” Vivian’s mind was all over the place. After she retrieved her luggage, she joined the rest of the team, alighting from the plane. 
Why have I fallen asleep in the first place? How am I supposed to carry myself in front of him in the future? Vivian couldn’t stop blaming herself for the embarrassing incident.
###Chapter 663
Chapter 663 
Finnick grinned when he saw Vivian fleeing in the direction of the entrance. He thought the easily embarrassed and helpless woman was the one he used to know back in the day. 
Never would he think she would turn into such a capable and exceptional woman over a few years. He secretly wished he could turn back time to salvage the moment they had. 
It was a hassle- trip. After they alighted from the plane, the party boarded the car to the hotel because Finnick had Noah sorted everything out beforehand. 
Vivian finally got away from Finnick. Once she boarded the car, she took the seat next to Sarah. Finnick had no choice but to take a seat behind them. 
Pillere Island had always been known for its breathtaking views. On their way to the hotel, the thrilled bunch was in awe because of the breathtaking scenery along the way. 
“Vivian, look at the blinding shade of turquoise seawater! Oh, God! What’s with those sparkling sand? It must feel great if we can run on the beach with our bare feet!” Sarah expressed her excitement. 
Vivian responded with a smile and looked out the window, staring at the beach. 
She was a huge fan of tropical islands and couldn’t wait to spend some time in Pillere Island, feeling the salty ocean breeze and the scorching sun. A simple glance made her felt as though she could shrug everything that had been bothering her behind. 
When Finnick saw Vivian’s smile, he responded in a similar manner because he recalled the conversation they had. She used to tell him she couldn’t wait to visit countries with islands and beaches with him because she was a huge fan of oceans.
They had all sorts of tentative locations planned out for them to drop by during their time. Unfortunately, they never had the chance to execute their plan. 
Therefore, he had decided to conduct the trip to Pillere Island to atone for his sins. It wouldn’t matter if Vivian couldn’t figure out his intention because the smile on her face was all it would take to please him. 
When they reached the hotel, the thrilled bunch couldn’t help but be impressed by their supervisor with a deep pocket. They were grateful to be given the opportunity to spend time in such a lavish resort because of their Chief Editor. 
Apart from Finnick and Vivian, the rest of the team would have to share a twin room with another person. They weren’t particularly against the idea since one of them was the Chief Editor, whereas the other one was the sponsor of the trip. 
After they received their respective access card, Finnick approached Vivian and said, “Why don’t you bring them back to their room first? I need to give Noah a call and sort out some official duties. I’ll join you guys in a while. The guide will deal with the itinerary for the rest of the day.” 
“Okay.” Vivian, who was still embarrassed by the incident in the flight, avoided Finnick’s gaze and nodded. “You should get going. I’ll tell them the upcoming agenda.” 
“Mmm.” Finnick departed after he responded with a smirk, behaving as though he was up to no good. 
Once Vivian returned to her subordinates, she repeated Finnick’s words and said, “Let’s take a short break in our respective room for the time being. The guide will approach us for the next agenda soon.” 
“Okay!” the rest of the party answered simultaneously before returning to their room with their luggage.
When Vivian was about to return to her room, an employee of the hotel approached her and greeted her with fluent English, “Please allow me to help you with your luggage.” 
Vivian was surprised. She asked, “Are you from our country?” 
The employee showed her the way to the elevator and said, “Yes, but I have started a job here two years ago.” 
Vivian rushed over and countered, “Actually, I can do it myself. Why don’t you tend to other customers?” 
Grinning, he replied, “It’s not a big deal, Miss. Someone has offered me a tip beforehand.” He was overjoyed because it was one of his lucky days—a generous tip was offered in return for his service. 
When she heard him, she frowned and thought to herself. Who could it be? Finnick? 
The elevator reached the floor before Vivian could figure out the person the employee was talking about. When he showed her the way out of the elevator, she noticed her room was on the highest floor of the hotel.
###Chapter 664
Chapter 664 
To be precise, her room was the only room on that particular floor. The rest of her team was checked into rooms on different floors. 
Once Vivian opened the door, she noticed it was a suite, but she recalled she was supposed to be checked into another twin room. What’s going on? 
After he brought the luggage into the room, he bowed at Vivian and denoted, “Please have a great time and enjoy your honeymoon with your husband.” 
He was about to leave, but she got in his way and stopped him with a confused look. “What do you mean? Honeymoon?” 
“Haven’t you checked into a honeymoon suite because you’re here for a honeymoon?” He thought he had accidentally offended her. Immediately, he apologized, “I’m so sorry if I have misperceived things!” 
“A honeymoon suite? I’m pretty sure I have booked a twin room!” Vivian was in a state of bewilderment. 
“Miss, I’m not sure. Why don’t you call the receptionist and verify if there’s anything wrong?” Seconds after he finished his sentence in a courteous manner, he closed the door and left. 
Meanwhile, Vivian returned to the room and reached for the phone to verify if the receptionist had gotten her into the wrong room. 
The receptionist told her the hotel had run out of twin rooms. Therefore, she was given a upgrade to the honeymoon suite. 
If that’s the case, doesn’t that mean I have gotten lucky? She shook her head and giggled before hanging up the call. After she unpacked her stuff, she brought a set of clothes into the bathroom with
her. 
It had been quite a hectic journey. Therefore, she thought it would be better to take a bath since she was drenched in sweat. 
When she was in the middle of a bath, she heard the sound of the door being opened. She thought the janitor was there to clean the room. Immediately, she turned off the tap and yelled, “Someone’s having a shower! Please get out of the room!” 
However, when the other party went dead silent for a long time, Vivian felt a strong sense of insecurity and thought it wasn’t the janitor. Who could it be? How could they unlock the door? 
She got herself dressed in the robe and brought herself out of the room in a cautious manner. Her heart wouldn’t stop racing because she was afraid a burglar had broken into the room. 
What should I do if it’s a thief? Can I take him out? No! That’s impossible! This is the only room on this floor! Can others hear me if I shout for help? 
As she tiptoed in the direction of the entrance, Vivian gulped in fear. She had her eyes glued to the entrance, but she heard a voice coming from behind all of a sudden. 
She shuddered in fear and immediately turned around, but before she could get a glimpse of the person in the room, she staggered and fell due to her slippery pair of shoes. 
Subconsciously, she closed her eyes and got herself ready for the racking sensation she would soon feel, but she could feel someone’s arm around her waist in the nick of time. 
Please tell me I have not encountered a pervert! She forced herself to open her eyes immediately. To her surprise, she saw Finnick in front of her. He seemed to be worried about her.
“Vivian, are you okay? Have you sprained your ankles or hurt yourself?” 
When she noticed the man in front was Finnick, she secretly heaved a sigh of relief. She couldn’t imagine the things that would happen if she was confined in the room with a burglar. 
Moments after she returned to her senses, she was enraged because Finnick had made his way into her room without her consent. 
Since Vivian had rushed her way out of the bathroom, she merely had a robe on. When Finnick caught a whiff of her scent, he felt as though his rationality was slowly taken over by his lust. 
She pushed him away and yelled, “Why do you have the access card to unlock my room? Who gave you the permission to enter my room?” 
He tried his best to suppress his urge and explained, “Actually, this happens to be my room as well.” 
The confused woman asked, “Come again? Aren’t we supposed to be living in different rooms?” 
“Initially, that was the plan, but there wasn’t enough twin room. Therefore, Noah reached an agreement with the hotel and got us a suite. I was merely informed of the change after the plane touched down,” Finnick explained the reason behind the sudden change.
###Chapter 665
Chapter 665 
Those weren’t exactly the truth. The hotel might have run out of twin rooms, but Finnick was made aware of the change ahead of the trip when the representative of the hotel approached Noah to upgrade the room. 
Noah dared not make such an important decision on Finnick’s behalf. He consulted the latter the very moment he received the call, and Finnick indicated he wasn’t against the idea. 
When Vivian heard Finnick’s words, she stomped her way back to her room. 
He has just figured it out? What a joke! Does he really think he can deceive me? It was a lie when he said he had something to tend to! Those were part of his plan to delay his arrival because he was afraid I would discover we were in the same room! He wanted to sneak up on me! 
Hmph! I can’t believe the almighty president will resort to such a petty trick to achieve his goals! What a despicable man! 
“Vivian—” He wanted to stop her to explain himself, but she banged the door shut and cut him off. 
Immediately after she changed out of the robe, she dragged her luggage out of the room and made her way to the entrance. 
“Vivian, what are you doing?” Finnick got in his way and stopped her when she was merely a step away from the entrance. 
“Please step aside! I’ll go get myself another room!” Vivian replied in a callous tone. If there’s no more room, I’ll spend the next few nights with Sarah! No matter what, I won’t stay with him!
Finnick had been anticipating her retaliation. He asked, “The hotel has run out of vacant rooms! What are you going to do?” 
“That’s none of your business! I’ll sleep with others! If worse comes to worst, I’ll check into another hotel! No matter what, I won’t stay with you!” Vivian yelled at the top of her lungs. 
Finnick’s heart was shattered into pieces when he heard Vivian’s harsh reply. “Do you really hate me to the extent you can’t stand my presence?” 
“Oh? Are you blaming me?” Vivian asked rhetorically with a contemptuous smirk. “Finnick, five years ago, we had filed for divorce! As of now, we’re no longer related! What are you trying to do by getting me to spend a night in a honeymoon suite with you when I’m single and available?” 
“The hotel has run out of rooms. Therefore, Noah—” The heartbroken man tried to explain himself, but the frustrated woman interrupted him before he could finish his sentence. 
“Stop trying to defend yourself! Noah would never do such a silly thing if he hadn’t acquired your consent! Do you really think I’m a fool?” 
Staring at Vivian in the eyes, Finnick went dead silent. 
“What? Has the cat caught your tongue?” She scowled at him and wanted to walk past him to leave the room. 
He grabbed her arm and said, “Vivian, I won’t deny having us in the same room is one of my goals, but I merely want to spend some time with you! I only needed another chance to prove myself worthy! I’m not trying anything silly! Can you please give me another chance?” 
“Does that mean you think these are acceptable?” Vivian asked rhetorically. “You’re not even respecting me! Do you know what they’re going to talk about me if they are aware we’re staying in the
same room? Have you not thought about it?” 
“Vivian, I know it’s my fault, but I didn’t mean to put you to shame!” He got anxious because he was worried she would misunderstand him. 
“Why don’t you move aside and get out of my way?” Vivian demanded. 
He refused to move away because he was afraid of losing her for good should he allow her to leave. 
Finnick made up his mind and announced, “If you make your way down, things will spiral out of control. Once your subordinates heard about it, they will spread all sorts of rumors about us.” 
Vivian was on the verge of losing her cool because she thought it was another part of the man’s initial plan. “Are you threatening me? Finnick, have you no shame at all?” 
He kept his mouth shut because he knew it was very rude of him to resort to such petty tricks, but he couldn’t think of anything else to get her to stay. 
Although Vivian was infuriated, she hesitated because Finnick’s words made sense. She was overwhelmed by wrath and forgot to take the consequences of her departure into consideration.
###Chapter 666
Chapter 666 
Her colleagues had always been a persistent bunch. If she made her way downstairs, they would definitely get to the bottom of her departure. Perhaps they would soon figure out Finnick had reserved a honeymoon suite for her. If that was the case, she wouldn’t be able to face them anymore. 
Finnick is such a jerk! I can’t believe he manages to put me in such a tight spot! 
“Vivian, don’t worry! I’ll spend the night on the couch and stay away from you!” Finnick was on cloud nine because Vivian hesitated and stopped insisting on leaving. 
In the end, she gave in and brought her luggage back to the room. She was afraid of the gossipmongers from her team. Since it was merely a few days, it wouldn’t be much of a big deal either. 
Following Vivian to the room, Finnick asked with a grin, “Vivian, we—” 
She interrupted him and declared, “Finnick, I’ll consider myself unlucky for once! Indeed, I’m afraid of the gossipmongers! Therefore, I’ll let you off the hook for once!” 
Halfway through her orated speech, she pointed in the direction of the entrance and deadpanned, “Please honor your promise and spend the night on the couch! I don’t want you anywhere near the room without my permission! Also, please leave me alone because I need to unpack my stuff!” 
When he caught her raging eyes, he knew she was frustrated at the thought of being deceived by him. 
“W-When it’s about time to head out, I’ll knock on the door to get you again.” Finnick rushed out of the room at top speed once he finished his sentence. The moment he walked out of the room, he heard a click. The door was locked the very second he left.
Staring at the door, his heart ached. He couldn’t help but wonder when they would get to patch things up. He had been longing for her to open up to him once again. 
On the other hand, Vivian slouched on the bed because she was completely worn out. Her mind was all over the place because of the series of things she had to go through. 
The built-up fatigue came flooding in since she was on a comfortable bed. After a few hours of traveling, she was in desperate need of some sleep. 
Knock! Knock! Knock! A faint knock on the door roused her from the deep slumber. When she forced herself to open her eyes, she noticed she was in a pitch-black environment because it was already evening. 
“Vivian?” Finnick’s voice could be heard. 
“What do you want?” Vivian asked in a hoarse voice because she had just roused from her sleep. 
“Have you woken up yet?” Finnick asked and explained, “We’re going to meet the others in the lobby in about thirty minutes and head out for a meal. You need to get yourself ready.” 
Once she touched up on her disheveled look, she opened the door. She was startled by the man that was outside of the room. 
Finnick seemed to have just taken his bath because his hair was slightly drenched. Instead of his usual formal suit, he had a white top and a pair of black track bottoms. Others would have a hard time believing he was a thirty-year-old adult because he seemed so afresh. It felt as though he was a fresh graduate in his mid-twenties. 
Vivian had always known Finnick as a mature man. She was startled because she rarely had the chance to see him in such a casual set of outfits back when they were married.
A few seconds later, she regained her composure and replied indifferently, “Thanks for informing, but you should head over ahead of me. I’ll join the rest once I’m ready.” 
She walked in the direction of the bathroom to get herself ready. Initially, he wanted to get her to join him, but judging by her response, he knew she wouldn’t want others to see them together. 
Since he had achieved the seemingly impossible goal of staying in the same room with her, he decided to stop pushing his luck over such a trivial matter. It wouldn’t be wise to rush things through because it would take a long time to get everything back to the way it used to be. 
By the time Vivian dolled herself up and walked out of the bathroom, Finnick was not around anymore. She heaved a sigh of relief deep down. I guess he’s not an idiot, huh? He knows others will talk about us behind our back if we show up in the lobby side by side.
###Chapter 667
Chapter 667 
By the time Vivian showed up at the lobby, others had long gathered around. They marched in the direction of the car to the eatery. 
On their way to the eatery, Vivian noticed a few of her female colleagues couldn’t move their eyes away from Finnick. They flushed while whispering something amongst themselves. 
Needless to say, Vivian knew it had something to do with them adoring and worshipping Finnick. 
Noah seemed to have reached in the afternoon. He was seated right next to Finnick’s, talking about something serious. Vivian scowled at the fact Finnick’s serious expression could grab the attention of the innocent little girls. 
They soon reached the outdoor eatery that was set up by the beach that was nearby. 
They could see the fire pit that was intensely burning. Through the faint illumination of moonlight, they caught a shade of turquoise from the sea and a whiff of the salty ocean breeze. 
They couldn’t suppress their excitement any longer when they saw the heartwarming and romantic scene. Yelling, they catapulted in the direction of the beach to have some fun. 
Sarah dragged Vivian along with her to have the best time of their lives. 
Finnick gazed at the overjoyed Vivian from afar and smiled because he was glad she could enjoy herself. Vivian’s happiness was the only thing he cared about. 
The confused Noah asked, “Mr. Norton, it’s such a rare opportunity. Aren’t you going to join Mrs. Norton?” Why isn’t he trying to patch things up with her since she’s in such a great mood?
“I don’t want to ruin her mood.” He turned down his assistant’s suggestion with his eyes flickering in disappointment. Truth be told, he was afraid she would run away from him again. It had been a long time since he last saw her having fun. Therefore, he decided to stay away from her. 
When everyone had enough fun, they returned to the dining table and savored the dishes that were served. 
“It’s awesome! It tastes nothing like those we have back in our country!” 
“Wow! All of you have to give this a try! Vivian, you need to try this!” Sarah served Vivian one of the foods she had retrieved. 
“Thanks!” Vivian expressed her gratitude with a bright grin. Her eyes gleamed when she savored the dishes Sarah handed her. “It’s awesome!” 
“See!” Sarah was equally excited and behaved as though she found her long-lost friend. 
“You need to watch out for the bones.” All of a sudden, a familiar man’s voice could be heard. Vivian felt someone taking a seat by her side and found out it was Finnick when she turned around. 
She couldn’t possibly yell at him in front of others. Thus, she forced a smile and said, “Hey, Mr. Norton!” 
He responded with a nod and said, “Since it’s so delicious, mind sharing some with me?” 
Duh? Can’t you go get it yourself? Is your hand broken or what? Albeit reluctantly, she shared some of the food she had with him and instructed, “Mr. Norton, please watch out for the bones.” 
“Thanks!” Finnick replied, smiling heartily. 
Staring at the duo’s interaction, the onlookers started speculating their relationship again. The Chief Editor has been addressing him as Mr. Norton. It doesn’t seem like she’s going to open up to him just
yet. Does that mean she’s not going to patch things up with him? 
When everyone had their attention on the suspicious duo, wondering how things would turn out at the end of the day, they heard a bunch of people cheering as they rushed over in excitement with basins and pails. 
What are they doing? When they looked at the bunch with confused looks, Finnick explained, “It’s about time for Pillere Island’s annual Water-Sprinkling Festival. I think they’re—” 
Before he could share the details, the excited bunch had approached them, sprinkling water to get them wet. 
The rest of the party thought they must have gotten lucky when they realized they were on time for the annual festival. Since they had figured out the customs behind the festival, they decided to join in the fun. Soon, they gathered all sorts of weapons for retaliation. 
All of a sudden, a bunch of people swarmed in their direction when they heard the commotion. Everyone seemed to have forgotten they were of different nationalities as they indulged themselves and delivered their blessings for others according to the nation’s customs.
###Chapter 668
Chapter 668 
Vivian was completely drenched as well, but the merciless bunch couldn’t be bothered at all. When Finnick heard Vivian screaming while running away from the persistent bunch, he got in front of her to protect her. 
“Vivian, if you don’t want to join the rest, why don’t you take cover at the side?” He was at the top of his lungs due to the intensity of the session. 
When Vivian saw Finnick in front of him, stretching his arms to protect her from the thunderous bunch, she felt as though they had traveled through time and they were merely there as a lovely pair. 
Sarah couldn’t take it anymore. When she heard Finnick’s instruction, she dragged the astonished Vivian away with her and said, “Thanks, Mr. Norton!” 
After they ensured they were pretty far away from the crowd, they stopped and burst into laughter when they noticed the other one was completely drenched. 
“This is my first time taking part in the Water-Sprinkling Festival! It’s crazy! I’m completely drenched within a few minutes!” Sarah was slightly taken aback by the session they had just gone through. 
As water wouldn’t stop dripping from their shirts, Vivian responded with a self-deprecating smile. “Duh? Do you think I’m better than you?” She hoped they wouldn’t catch a cold when they were back. 
“I guess we’re as pathetic as we can possibly get, huh?” Sarah laughed heartily. 
Vivian burst into laughter in a similar manner. 
The duo went for a stroll along the beach. Sarah couldn’t suppress her curiosity anymore. She asked, “Vivian, is Finnick here with us because of you?”
Vivian fell silent, acknowledging Sarah’s speculation was spot on. 
“Although I’m not aware of the reason behind your divorce, I think he has been trying his best to take care of you since the beginning of this trip. It seems like he’s serious about you. Are you sure you’re not going to change your mind?” 
Sarah enunciated her statement in a sincere manner because she desperately wanted Vivian to live a blissful life. 
After all, they used to be such a lovely pair. He had sacrificed a lot for the woman by her side. She couldn’t help but feel doleful when she heard about the duo’s divorce. She had a hunch that Vivian shared a similar affection and wanted to reciprocate Finnick’s love. 
Vivian responded with a wistful smile because of Sarah’s genuine advice for her sake. 
“Sarah, thanks for your concern and advice, but things will not work out between us anymore.” 
Sarah knew something might be going on behind the scenes between the duo. Therefore, she decided to stop poking her nose into their business. 
After half an hour, Vivian and Sarah returned to the rest of the party when the festival came to an end. 
Slouching against the seat of the car, the completely drenched and worn-out bunch instructed the driver to send them back as soon as possible because they needed to get changed. 
Cough! Cough! Cough! A violent cough caught everyone’s attention. They thought someone must have caught a cold after the intense session in the evening. 
Cough! Cough! Cough! As the man coughed again, everyone turned around and noticed the one coughing was none other than their boss.
“Mr. Norton, are you okay? Have you caught a cold?” 
“How do you feel, Mr. Norton? If it’s a fever, it’s going to be a big deal!” 
“I have some pills for such emergencies with me! You should take some of those once we reach the hotel!” 
Everyone expressed their concerns over Finnick’s wellbeing. 
“Mr. Norton, are you not feeling well?” Noah behaved like a cat on hot bricks because Finnick had been overly occupied over the past few days. He was afraid the man in front of him had fallen ill due to overworking. 
“Thanks for the concerns, but it’s nothing more than a sore throat. I’ll be fine after a good night’s sleep,” Finnick asserted with a smile. 
Vivian noticed his face had turned pale and haggard. She felt guilty and wondered if he had fallen ill after taking the countless blows on her behalf. 
Once they reached the hotel, they boarded the elevator.
###Chapter 669
Chapter 669 
The person next to the elevator panel asked, “Mr. Norton, where’s your room?” 
Finnick replied with a smile, “It’s on the twelfth floor.” 
After the person pressed on the twelfth floor, he asked Vivian, “Ms. Morrison, what about you?” 
Vivian stuttered, “I-I’ll be heading off on the twelfth floor as well.” Fortunately, her colleagues paid no heed to her words because they thought there were two rooms on the highest floor. 
Cough! Cough! Cough! When they were the only ones left behind in the elevator, Finnick couldn’t hold back the urge to cough anymore. 
He covered his mouth with his hand and started coughing vigorously to the extent his eyes started brimming with tears. 
“Are you okay?” Vivian asked concernedly because Finnick showed no signs of stopping at all. 
He beamed and assured her, “I-I’m fine…” 
Seriously? Is he telling me he’s fine when it seems like he’s coughing his lungs out at any moment? Why is he trying to act tough? Vivian was fueled by rage when she saw Finnick’s smile. 
Once they returned to the room, she dragged him into the bathroom and demanded, “Take a hot shower and get yourself changed immediately! I’m pretty sure you have caught a cold!” 
He grasped her hand in return and felt a heartwarming sensation. Although he was relatively weak, he was overjoyed. “Vivian, you’re worried about me, aren’t you? You still care about me, right?”
When she heard him, she flushed and shrugged his hand away. “I’m just afraid of being infected! Hurry up and get going already!” 
She turned around and returned to the bedroom, ignoring the man after she made herself clear. 
I-Is she shy? Judging by her response, I must have hit the bullseye, huh? 
When he thought about it, he was all smiles as he made his way into the bathroom to take a shower. He knew it was the right decision to tag along with her, yet he didn’t expect his plan would work so soon. 
Meanwhile, Vivian, who had returned to her room, buried her face in the pillow and blamed herself for being a busybody. He knows he needs to take a hot shower! You should have stayed out of his way if you don’t want him to misunderstand you! 
After being frustrated for some time, she suddenly recalled she had a first-aid kit Benedict packed and insisted on having her bringing it along. 
Where is the first-aid kit? It’s a blue color bag, but where have I stuffed it again? 
She unpacked the luggage she brought along with her, but after searching high and low for five minutes, she couldn’t find it. Ugh! I guess I have accidentally left it behind! Let’s forget about it and hope he’s going to be fine after the hot shower! 
Knock! Knock! Knock! After a few knocks, Finnick’s voice could be heard. “Vivian, I’m done. You should head over and take a shower as well. I don’t want you to catch a cold either.” 
“Okay!” Vivian retrieved her set of clothes and opened the door. She looked elsewhere, avoiding the man’s gaze while sprinting her way to the bathroom.
He found the helpless woman’s response hilarious and shook his head while chuckling. “H-Ha…” 
Suddenly, he felt lightheaded and supported himself with the sofa arm. He could feel himself trembling in cold and thought he must have caught a cold. 
When Vivian walked out of the bathroom after her shower, on her way back to the room, she saw Finnick sleeping on the couch without a blanket. 
She wanted to get him something to keep himself warm after she reached her room, but she changed her mind when she recalled the things he said. 
In the end, she switched off the light and decided to call it a day. I should leave him alone and stop being a busybody. Otherwise, he’s going to misunderstand me again. 
Tossing and turning on the bed, she couldn’t bring herself to sleep at all. The image of Finnick protecting her from the aggressive bunch repetitively flashed back in her mind. 
She sat upright and reached for the blanket she had aside before unlocking the door, making her way to the living room. I’m just returning the favor because I can’t afford to have him catching a cold for real! 
When she switched on the light, she noticed Finnick had curled up on the couch. By the time she reached his side and tucked him in, she was surprised because his hair was still wet while his cheeks were flushed in an unnatural pink.
###Chapter 670
Chapter 670 
Albeit reluctantly, she placed her hand on Finnick’s forehead and was shocked by the scorching sensation she felt. 
She panicked when she found out he had caught a fever. Judging by the scorching sensation she felt, it was a high fever. His life might be at stake should she fail to get him the medicine to keep the fever under control. 
She reached for the man’s phone and wanted to call Noah to see if he had the pills for cold or fever with him. Unfortunately, Finnick’s phone was locked with a password. 
In an attempt to unlock his phone, she entered his date of birth, yet the attempt failed. Elder Mr. Norton’s date of birth wasn’t the right combination as well. 
Argh! Why the heck is the phone locked for no apparent reasons? Does he have something he’s ashamed of in his phone? 
Vivian felt a strong urge to smash his phone, but she forced herself to calm down. She decided to give her date of birth a try. To her surprise, it was the right combination. 
She was slightly touched because she didn’t expect he could remember her date of birth, but she didn’t have time for the useless sentimental. 
As soon as she found Noah’s phone in the contact log, she made the call. Noah instantly picked up the call and asked, “Mr. Norton, do you need anything from me?” 
The anxious woman gasped out her question, “Noah! It’s me! Vivian! Finnick is having a high fever! Do you have anything for cold or fever with you?”
“Mrs. Norton, I’ll bring them over at once! Please wait for me!” Noah’s voice quivered. He seemed to be equally anxious. 
“Alright! Please hurry up! I’m afraid he has caught a high fever!” 
Immediately after she hung up the call, she retrieved a towel from the bathroom with a towel and dried his hair on his behalf. 
How can he head over to sleep with his hair wet when he’s sick? Has he any idea of the potential consequences of his recklessness? Vivian secretly cursed in her mind as she dried Finnick’s hair. 
After she dried his hair with the towel, she heard someone knocking on the door when she was about to retrieve the hairdryer. “Mrs. Norton! It’s me! Noah! Please open the door!” 
She sprinted over to open the door and saw the man with a pack of medicine. “Come on in!” 
After Noah got into the suite and saw the man on the couch, he asked concernedly, “Mrs. Norton, is Ms. Norton fine?” 
“I believe it’s the aftermath of the session in the evening. If the fever doesn’t subside within the next few hours after the medicine, we need to rush him to the hospital.” After she took over the medicine, she started reading the booklet for the proper dosage. 
Noah said, “Mr. Norton had been pulling an all-nighter over the past few days. He rushed over to join the trip without taking a break. Please take care of him. If his situation persists until the morning, please give me a call. I’ll rush him to the hospital.” 
When Vivian found out Finnick had gone through quite a few hectic days, she felt slightly heartbroken. “Alright. He’s in good hands with me.” 
“Thanks, Mrs. Norton.” Noah turned around and walked out of the suite.
On the other hand, Vivian returned to retrieve the hairdryer because she wanted to dry his hair before waking him up for the medicine. 
She ensured the temperature of the hairdryer was optimum before drying his hair. Running her fingers through his hair, she recalled he used to dry her hair as well. 
In fact, he promised he would dry her hair for the rest of his life. It was evident it was easier said than done because the promise was supposed to last for a lifetime. 
She was slightly overwhelmed and accidentally woke him up because she forgot to restrain her strength. When he opened his eyes, she panicked. It took her a few seconds to regain her composure. 
Meanwhile, Finnick was touched because he noticed Vivian was drying his hair for him. He grasped her hand and said, “Vivian—” 
She shrugged him off and replied callously, “It’s nothing much. I can’t possibly leave you when you’re sick.” 
“T-Thanks…” 
She stopped engaging in a conversation with him and continued drying his hair. In contrast to her indifferent voice, she dried his hair gently. 
By the time Finnick’s hair was completely dried, she put the hairdryer aside. After she returned with a glass of water, she handed it over to him along with the pills.
###Chapter 671
Chapter 671 
“Noah has brought you your medicine just now. Now, take your medicine and go to bed. I will sleep on the couch in the living room tonight.” 
“I’m fine.” Finnick took the medicine from Vivian. “You sleep in the bedroom. I can sleep on the couch tonight.” 
“Don’t you know you’re sick right now? Can’t you take care of your body?” Vivian’s anger spiked. “If you didn’t catch a fever because of me, I wouldn’t even bother to be here, taking care of you. Now, take your medicine and go to bed!” 
This was the first time Finnick heard her talking to him in such a demanding tone. Although she sounded harsh, he could sense her care for him. 
Knowing that she was worried about him, Finnick eventually gave in. “Alright. Don’t be angry. I will do as you said.” 
Vivian hurried him to go to bed after seeing him taking his medicine. Then, she snuggled up on the couch. Hopefully, his fever will be gone by tomorrow morning. 
Vivian was considered tall in height, yet there was ample space on the couch for a woman with a slim figure like her. Thus, it was not at all uncomfortable to sleep on the couch. 
The night passed, and a new day had come. 
Vivian woke up feeling refreshed. She suffered insomnia since she went to A Nation five years ago. It was hard for her to fall asleep at night. Even if she happened to fall asleep, the slightest sound could wake her up.
Surprisingly, she had a good night’s sleep the other night. Instead of waking up with a headache, she felt energetic and full of vigor. 
With a pleasant smile on her face, she slowly opened her eyes. Instantly, her pupils constricted upon seeing Finnick’s sleeping face that was inches apart from her face. Why is he here? 
“Arghh—” 
Finnick subconsciously furrowed his brows, awoken by Vivian’s scream. He opened his eyes to see the young lady looking at him with panic written all over her face. 
“Good morning, Vivian,” he greeted. Curling his lips into a smile, he tightened his arms around her waist. 
Vivian felt the pressure on her waist. That was when she realized that their current position was a bit too intimate. 
There was more than enough space for her on the couch, yet it was too small to fit two adults. Thus, they were so close to each other that their bodies were pressed together. 
At this moment, Vivian could clearly see the mirth in Finnick’s eyes. She watched as the man lowered his head, his nose tip stroking hers. His breath was tickling her lips, and she felt electricity coursed through her body. 
Instantly, she sat up and pushed him down the couch. “Why are you here? What do you think you’re doing?” 
Standing on the floor barefooted, Finnick could feel coldness creeping up from his feet.
“Vivian, I’m worried about you sleeping alone on the couch. I wanted to carry you to bed, but it seemed like I’ve lost my strength because of the fever. I… I couldn’t pick you up.” 
He let out a chuckle when he recalled her grumbling, like a child being disturbed in her sleep, when he tried to carry her the other night. Her cute reaction melted his heart. Afraid of waking her up, he had no choice but to put her down. 
Finnick went on by saying, “So, I decided to sleep on the couch beside you.” 
Vivian’s face flushed. “I told you yesterday to sleep in the bed!” So he was sleeping next to me, holding me in his arms the entire night? How could I not notice it? Oh, I shouldn’t be so dead asleep! 
Afraid she might think of him as someone trying to take advantage of her, Finnich hurriedly explained, “You were soaked wet as well yesterday. I was afraid you might catch a cold like me if you sleep on the couch, so that’s why I…” 
Vivian scoffed, “Hmph! Mind your own business!” Then, she ran toward the washroom. 
Finnick wanted to stop her and explain himself when all of a sudden, he felt lightheaded and couldn’t lift his leaden legs.
###Chapter 672
Chapter 672 
Finnick closed his eyes and clasped his forehead. With his brows knitted, he waited for the dizziness to go away. Vivian was no longer in sight when he finally opened his eyes. 
Looking at the washroom’s closed door, he felt his temple throbbing. It looks like I can only explain to her when she comes out. 
Meanwhile, Vivian could feel her cheeks burning as she sat on the toilet seat cover. Her heart was thumping wildly in her chest. 
Cupping her face, she started to suspect if she had a fever. Or else, why would her body feel so hot to the touch? 
Nevertheless, she didn’t feel sick or uncomfortable at all. 
Vivian placed her hand on her chest and felt her racing heartbeat. The feeling of it was surprisingly familiar to her. 
She remembered it being the same feeling she experienced whenever Finnick move closer to her when they were still friends. Could it be that I have once again fallen for him? 
Vivian was shocked when the thought hit her. She shook her head, trying to cast the thought away. I can’t fall for him again. We’re over! 
“Remember, you’re no longer Vivian William. You’re now Vivian Morrison! You should’ve learned your lesson five years ago. You can’t fall for him again, never!” 
Vivian was brainwashing herself when suddenly, she was interrupted by the sound of her phone ringing. A smile appeared on her face when she saw it was Larry calling. She quickly answered the
call. 
“Mommy, it’s me!” Larry sounded excited over the phone. 
“I know, it’s my little pumpkin. Are you alright at home?” Vivian lowered her voice so that Finnick couldn’t hear their conversation. 
Larry answered loudly, “Yes! Mommy, I skied with Uncle Benedict today. It’s super fun!” 
Vivian let out a chuckle. “Is it? Did you fall?” 
“Um… I only fell several times,” Larry mumbled as he was embarrassed to admit it. Then, he loudly added, “But I managed to learn skiing in a short time. The coach has complimented me, saying that I’m a fast learner.” 
“Oh, little pumpkin, you’re amazing!” Vivian exclaimed in an exaggerating tone. 
“Ha! That’s for sure!” The little guy was puffed up with pride. “But Uncle Benedict could ski much better than me! A lot of the pretty ladies were looking at him when he was skiing.” 
“Really?” Vivian was amused. “Then you need to train harder so that one day, you can become as skillful as your Uncle Benedict.” 
“I will!” the boy said seriously. Then, he asked, “Mommy, did you have fun there?” 
“Yes. I have a nice time here. Thank you for asking.” 
“I’m glad to hear that. Uncle Benedict told me that you are too tired and that you need to relax. Mommy, I wished you can have fun. You don’t need to come back early because of me. I can take care of myself and Uncle Benedict.” Larry sounded mature like a little adult as he reassured his mother.
Vivian couldn’t help feeling amused. At the same time, she was touched by her son’s words. “Thank you, little pumpkin.” It was God’s blessing to have such a considerate and thoughtful son. 
“I’ll end the call now. Have fun!” said Larry in a cheerful tone. After a short pause, he added, “I just called you to tell you that Uncle Benedict and I are fine. You don’t need to worry about us.” 
“I got it. Little pumpkin, you’re the best.” Vivian’s eyes became watery. 
“I’m really going to end the call this time. Goodbye, Mommy!” 
“Bye!” 
Vivian couldn’t help curling her lips into a heartfelt smile. She felt all her sacrifices and sufferings had paid off to have Larry as her son. In fact, Larry was so important to her that she couldn’t even imagine how was she going to live if she lost him. 
At that moment, the memory of Finnick forcing her to have an abortion came flashing back. It was her worst nightmare, and it was the very reason why she could never forgive that man. 
Oh, Vivian, have you not learned your lesson? Have you forgotten how ruthless a man he was? How could you fall for him again after what happened five years ago?
###Chapter 673
Chapter 673 
Vivian patted her face to calm herself down. Apart from a superior-subordinate relationship, there would be nothing more between them. She shouldn’t have any feelings for him. 
She wouldn’t want to relive the feeling of hopelessness and despair she experienced five years ago. Finnick, this time, I will not give you the chance to hurt me! 
A determined glint flashed across her eyes while a cold expression appeared on her face. Vivian put her phone into her pocket and then splashed her face with cold water. 
Looking at her reflection in the mirror, she once again reminded herself that she should never forgive Finnick. 
She steeled herself before leaving the washroom. As soon as she opened the door, she heard the sound of violent coughing. 
Vivian cast her eyes over and saw Finnick sitting on the couch. Right in front of him was his laptop on the coffee table. 
How could he still work when he is sick? Does he really think he’s a man of steel? 
Without any hesitation, Vivian made her way toward the man and slammed his laptop shut. “Don’t you know you have a fever? I told you you should take care of your body!” 
“Vivian, there’s an emergency in the office. I need to attend to some urgent matters,” Finnick explained as he tried in vain to re-open his laptop. 
Vivian was pressing hard on his laptop. She couldn’t help feeling angry with him. “Nothing is more important than your health. You had a high fever yesterday, and you’re only starting to feel better now.
What if your condition worsened? Do you want to be admitted to the hospital?” 
Finnick gave in when he saw her worried eyes. “Vivian, are you worried about me?” 
Vivian was reluctant to admit it. “I’m just afraid that you would infect me if your condition worsened.” 
Although she had warned herself to stay away from Finnick, still, she couldn’t bring herself to see that man working when sick. Her anger got the better of her, and those caring words emerged before she even realized it. 
As for Finnick, he smiled at her unconvincing denial. He could tell that Vivian cared about him though she was reluctant to admit it. If she was worried about being infected, she wouldn’t have helped him dry his hair yesterday. 
“Vivian, thank you for caring about me. I will take good care of my body,” Finnick promised, his eyes bore straight into hers. 
Ugh! What’s the matter with him? I told him I’m not worried about him! Vivian could feel her cheeks burning. She turned around to avoid his eyes and walked toward the bedroom. “I’m going to get changed.” 
“Wait!” Finnick called out. Then, he made his way toward her. “Vivian, your birthday is around the corner. I wanted to celebrate it with you. Is there anything you want as a birthday gift?” 
His words reminded Vivian when she unlocked his phone yesterday. His password was her birthday! At that instant, she felt a little moved. 
Vivian, you shouldn’t fall for him! Don’t go soft just because the man set your birthday as his password! Vivian reminded herself internally, and her heart hardened.
With a cold expression on her face, she rejected, “I’m not celebrating my birthday. Also, if I need anything, I can buy it myself. There is no need for you to spend money on this.” With that, she walked past Finnick into the bedroom. 
Finnick was confused as to why Vivian returned to her icy self. She was still very caring toward me yesterday, but why does her attitude suddenly change? 
As his eyes followed Vivian entering the bedroom, he suddenly felt distant from her. Back then, he was the one who knew Vivian best. However, now it was hard for him to see through her, and the thoughts running in her mind were no longer fathomable to him. 
A moment earlier, he could feel her care for him; the next moment, all that was left was her anger and resentment for him. In her heart, who am I to her? 
Just as Finnick was racking his brain, he received a message from the tour guide, informing him that they would be camping at a small island that afternoon and that they were required to gather in front of the hotel at nine.
###Chapter 674
Chapter 674 
Finnick called out when he saw Vivian coming out of the bedroom, “Vivian, do you know we are going to the small island?” 
“Yes. I saw the message.” With that, Vivian made her way toward the door without sparing another glance at Finnick. She was determined to control her feelings for that man. 
“Let’s go together.” Finnick quickly followed suit. 
Vivian turned around to face Finnick. She hesitated and eventually advised, “You are still on a fever. You’d better rest in the hotel and avoid traveling on the sea.” 
“I’m fine.” Her caring words dispelled his gloominess and brought a smile to his face. “I feel much better now after sleeping.” 
“But…” she trailed off. Since she had decided to stay away from Finnick, she shouldn’t worry about him. 
“Do as you like.” With that, she briskly walked out of the room, heading to the gathering spot. 
Finnick quickly washed up and prepared himself before he went after Vivian. Everyone was waiting for him on the bus by the time he arrived. 
Finnick noticed that the seat next to Vivian was empty. Before he even walked toward her, the latter had gotten up from her seat to sit with another girl. 
Is she avoiding me?
Downhearted, Finnick randomly chose a seat. He couldn’t seem to figure out why Vivian blew hot and cold recently. 
Meanwhile, the intern sitting next to Vivian asked, “Ms. Morrison, could I ask you a question?” The intern was Charlotte, a fresh graduate who just joined the magazine company. She was a beautiful young lady, with a Greek nose and a pair of big eyes. 
“Of course. What is it?” Vivian turned to face Charlotte. When she first came across the young lady’s resume, she knew the latter would be an excellent employee. As it turned out, she was right. 
Although the twenty-two-year-old Charlotte was still young, she was competent in her job and was able to come up with her own opinion. All she needed was a little more training and experience to become a wonderful journalist. 
“Is Mr. Norton chasing after you? Are you going to get back together with him?” asked Charlotte, nervously waiting for Vivian’s answer. 
“No. We’re over. Nothing is going to happen between us,” Vivian answered without any hesitation. At the same time, she couldn’t help feeling mad at Finnick. If Finnick didn’t insist on coming with her, the others wouldn’t have misunderstood them. Now, everyone must be gossiping about her. 
Charlotte was elated to hear Vivian’s denial. “Ms. Morrison, are you really not going to get back together with Mr. Norton?” 
“Um… Yes.” Vivian hesitatingly nodded, not knowing why Charlotte looked so happy. 
“Then can I chase after Mr. Norton?” Charlotte asked in a low voice, her eyes shining with excitement. 
“What?” Vivian couldn’t believe her ears. Did she say she wanted to chase after Finnick?
“No?” Charlotte’s eyes dimed with disappointment upon seeing Vivian’s reaction. “Is it because you still like Mr. Norton? If that’s so, then I…” 
Vivian immediately denied, “Of course not! I was just surprised that you like Finnick. After all, the two of you have quite a large age gap.” 
Hearing that, Charlotte couldn’t contain herself. “What’s the problem with that? I’ve always liked a more mature man. Besides, Mr. Norton is damn handsome. He looks no different from a man in his late twenties.” 
“Is it?” Inexplicably, Vivian felt like her heart was being tied into a knot. 
In the end, she cast the blame on Finnick. Hmph! I was right! This man sure knows how to lure young girls. He really is a wolf in sheep’s clothing. On the surface, that man looks like a gentleman, but he’s heartless and cruel.
###Chapter 675
Chapter 675 
Sneaking a glance at Finnick, Charlotte whispered, “Ms. Morrison, since you’re not planning to reconcile your relationship with Mr. Norton, can I ask you a favor?” 
“What is it?” Vivian projected a calm facade, suppressing her irritation. She was unwilling to let Finnick affect her emotion. 
“Later, we are going to ride the cable car to the camping spot. Could you let him board the same cable car with me? I wished to spend more time with him.” Charlotte clasped her hands together as she pleaded. 
“Well…” Vivian was stumped by her request. Will it be too intrusive if I make Finnick sit with Charlotte? If Finnick knows about it, he will probably be mad at me. 
Charlotte grabbed her arm as she pleaded, “Ms. Morrison, please, help me this time. I really hope Mr. Norton can get to know me. Who knows? Maybe he will like me.” 
She lowered her head to hide her face that was flushed scarlet. 
Looking at Charlotte’s beautiful face, Vivian was not at all surprised that she would think that way. After all, who wouldn’t like a beautiful and young woman? Finnick was not an exception, or he wouldn’t date Evelyn back then. 
If Finnick falls in love with Charlotte, then perhaps he will give up on me. With that in mind, Vivian agreed to Charlotte’s request, “Alright. I’ll try, but I can’t guarantee that he will ride the same cable car with you.” 
Charlotte beamed. “Thank you so much, Ms. Morrison. Since you’re Mr. Norton’s ex-wife, your words definitely carry much more weight. If you help me persuade him, I believe he will agree with sitting with
me.” 
Vivian frowned slightly. For some reason, Charlotte’s words made her feel uncomfortable. 
Yet, Charlotte didn’t realize there was any problem with her words. The young lady was now sneakily observing Finnick, who was sitting in front. 
Oh, Finnick is just so handsome. He looks even more charming in real life than in photos. God must have favored him so much that he shaped him into such a perfect being. It will be a dream come true if I can have him as my boyfriend. 
Well, perhaps this man will be mine pretty soon. Charlotte’s smile widened at the thought, for she was very confident that any man would succumb to her beauty. 
Back then, she had many admirers who came from rich family though she rejected all of them. To her, it was not enough that a man was wealthy; he should have a good character as well. 
Now, she finally met Finnick, the man of her dream. Not only was he good-looking, he was also the president of a large company. Everything about that man met her expectations. 
Soon the bus came to a stop. Everyone then boarded the cable car, heading toward the island. 
Before Vivian went to find Finnick, Charlotte pulled her into the first cable car. “Ms. Morrison, we’ll sit together.” 
Vivian was confused. “I thought you want to sit with Finnick? I was going to talk to him.” 
With a smile, Charlotte waved her hand dismissively. “There is no need to ask him.” She looked confident while fixing her eyes on Finnick, who was at some distance away. 
A smug smile emerged on her face when she saw Finnick walking toward them. Here he comes!
She pleaded coyly, “Vivian, I’m counting on you to create an opportunity for me so that I can spend some time alone with Mr. Norton.” 
Gazing at the young lady sitting beside her, Vivian’s eyes flickered. It is obviously within Charlotte’s expectation that Finnick will come up to us. It looks like this lady is a guileful one. She is using me to attain her goal. 
Yet, Vivian didn’t take it to heart. It was understandable for Charlotte to use her scheming little mind to get the man she liked. After all, Vivian had agreed to help her anyway.
###Chapter 676
Chapter 676 
Standing by the cable car, Finnick asked, “Vivian, can I join you guys?” 
Vivian noticed Charlotte shot her a look, signaling her to agree with Finnick’s request. She forced a smile and said, “Sure.” 
Instantly, a grin flitted across Finnick’s face. Meanwhile, Charlotte’s heart fluttered upon seeing the man’s bright smile. Oh, he looks warm and cute with his smile. If only he can smile at me like that… 
As for Vivian, she felt uncomfortable to have Finnick sitting opposite her, let alone to need to talk to him. Fortunately, it didn’t seem like he was going to talk to her either. Also, she would appreciate it if that man could stop smiling at her; it gave her goosebumps. 
Just then, Charlotte broke the silence, “Hi, Mr. Norton. I’m Charlotte, Vivian’s friend and also her subordinate.” With a bright smile, she reached out her hand for a handshake. 
“Hi.” Finnick gave her a limp handshake. Then, he shifted his gaze back to Vivian, smiling at her as if the two of them were the only ones in the cable car. 
Finally, it was time for the cable car to leave. Vivian hopped out of the cable car in the nick of time as the door was closing. 
She waved at them while saying, “I suddenly remembered I forgot about something. I’ll take the next ride.” 
“Vivian!” Finnick wanted to get out of the cable car, yet the door had closed. Now he and Charlotte were the only ones left.
She only recalled it when the door was about to close? She must have done it on purpose! Finnick slammed the cable car window in anger. 
Initially, he was glad when Vivian agreed to let him in the cable car. Now, it turned out that it was just her trick to get him into the cable car with another woman. Why is she doing that? How dare she! 
Charlotte said smilingly, “Mr. Norton, perhaps Vivian has really forgotten something important. She will catch up soon, so there is no need to worry about her.” 
Finnick uttered a response without even looking at her. Still mad at Vivian, he fixed his gaze on the place where she sat earlier. It looks like I have indulged her too much. Now she even dared to set me up with another woman! 
Charlotte felt awkward at the man’s distant attitude. Yet her awkwardness was soon replaced by delight. 
She had always known that she was beautiful. To her surprise, Finnick was unlike her other admirers who would drool over her beautiful face. Instead, as if he paid no heed to her look, he had only taken a glance at her when she greeted him. 
The way he ignored other women and was only obsessed with the one he loved floated her boat. That way, if they ever became a couple, she wouldn’t need to worry that he might dump her for another prettier woman. 
“Mr. Norton, what are your hobby and interest?” asked Charlotte, trying to strike up a conversation with Finnick. 
Finnick cast a glance at her, feeling annoyed.
He was really not in the mood to have a conversation. In fact, he was so mad at Vivian for setting him up with another woman that he wished to smash the window to vent his anger. 
Yet, thinking that the lady had taken the initiative to talk to him and that she was Vivian’s colleague, Finnick could only suppress his anger. “Work,” he replied curtly. 
“Huh?” Charlotte was slightly bewildered by his answer, yet she immediately concurred with him, “Mr. Norton, you like to work? Me too! I love my job as it gives me a sense of belonging. Also, It gives me a great sense of accomplishment whenever I finish a task. I always…” 
Finnick could feel his temple throbbing as the young lady talked non-stop.
###Chapter 677
Chapter 677 
What a talkative young lady! Initially, he told Charlotte that he liked to work, hoping to end the conversation. It was beyond his expectation that instead of being discouraged, that young lady would ramble on. 
Meanwhile, Vivian was riding the second cable car with another colleague. The whole journey to the island would take about three hours. 
Initially, she could still retain her composure. As time passed, she couldn’t help looking at the two in the cable car in front. 
She couldn’t see Finnick’s face as the latter had his back facing her. Yet, she could clearly see Charlotte’s expression. 
The young lady covered her mouth as she giggled, occasionally talking with her hands when she got excited. Vivian supposed the two were having a wonderful time chatting with each other. 
She quickly turned her head to hide her teary eyes from her colleague and suppress the bitterness in her heart. 
Isn’t that what I wanted? Finnick will no longer pester me if he falls in love with another woman. But why do I feel so sad seeing him chattering with Charlotte? 
Although she tried to hide her emotions, Sarah took notice of her abnormality. “Vivian, what’s wrong?” 
“Nothing.” She held back her tears and turned to face Sarah, flashing her a reassuring smile. “I’m fine.” 
Sarah pursed her lips, unconvinced. She could tell Vivian’s smile carried with it a tinge of bitterness. What happened? Why does Vivian suddenly look so sad?
Feeling curious, she followed Vivian’s gaze and saw Charlotte chatting away happily with Finnick. So, this is why Vivian is unhappy? 
She then shifted her eyes back to Vivian, whose eyes were watery. 
Holding Vivian’s sleeve, she tried to comfort her, “Vivian, you and Finnick…” Before this, she had had the feeling that Vivian still loved Finnick. She knew she was right after seeing Vivian’s reaction. 
Before she could finish her words, Vivian interrupted her, “I have nothing to do with him. Sarah, I don’t want to talk about him.” 
Eventually, Sarah swallowed her words. She decided to talk with Vivian later when she felt better. 
As for Vivian, she forced herself not to look at Finnick and Charlotte. It’s his dom to be with another woman, and that has nothing to with me. I shouldn’t feel sad about it. 
Meanwhile, after a whole lot of talking, Charlotte finally came up with a conclusion, “Mr. Norton, we have a common interest; both of us love to work. Don’t you think this is fate?” 
I didn’t even say a word. From where did she get that conclusion? Anyway, it’s rare to see young people who love their job as much as this young lady does. Finnick plastered a perfunctory smile on his face as a response. 
Seeing his smile, Charlotte brightened up. He’s smiling at me! Does he agree with me saying that it is fated that we have something in common? 
“Mr. Norton, you agree with me, don’t you?” Feeling encouraged, she asked, “Can I have your number?” 
Hearing that, Finnick’s expression turned icy. He instantly knew Charlotte is setting her cap at him.
He looked up to face Charlotte, his eyes burning with anger. Does Vivian know about this? Or is this the reason she leaves the two of us alone? I really have indulged her too much!
###Chapter 678
Chapter 678 
Charlotte was disconcerted when she saw Finnick’s face darkened. Did I say something wrong? 
Just then, the cable car in motion suddenly jerked. At that moment, a thought came into her mind, and she lurched toward Finnick. 
Like a doe caught in the headlights, the young lady who “accidentally” fell into Finnick’s arms apologized, “I’m so sorry, Mr. Norton.” Yet, instead of pulling herself away, she rubbed her breasts against Finnick’s chest. 
There was a hint of smugness in her eyes. She was confident with her look and her body. There was no way Finnick would reject a beautiful woman who threw herself at him. 
To her surprise, Finnick ordered harshly, “Get off me!” The man held a frosty expression, the fury in his eyes barely veiled. 
Charlotte was disappointed that the man rejected her advances. What’s wrong with him? Is he an ascetic or something? 
She reluctantly pulled herself away from him and then sat beside him. “Mr. Norton, I’m sorry about that. Did I hurt you?” 
Finnick cast his gaze outside the window, ignoring Charlotte’s question. He was unwilling to have any interaction with the woman who tried to seduce him. 
At the same time, he felt fury rose within him. Vivian, do you really want me to be with another woman? 
On the other hand, Charlotte was unsettled when the man ignored her. Yet, her eyes were once again filled with confidence when she recalled how her admirers swooned over her. Perhaps he didn’t get my
signal, or he wouldn’t be so calm. 
She then moved closer to him, her body almost touching his. “Mr. Norton, let me have a closer look to make sure I didn’t injure you. I…” 
Finnick’s face was full of disgust when he saw Charlotte reaching out her hands to unbutton his shirt. “Don’t you dare come any closer!” His voice was cold and stony. 
In the face of Finnick’s overbearing aura and icy stare, Charlotte had no choice but to stay away from him. 
Finnick rolled his eyes at her. Then, with his fists clenched, he once again cast his gaze outside the window. Vivian, wait till we arrive at the island! 
Although Charlotte was frightened by Finnick’s fierce stare, she was unwilling to give up. 
This might be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to be so close to Finnick. If she let this opportunity slip, it would be impossible for her to find another perfect man like him. 
With a pitiful look, she explained herself in a tearful voice, “Mr. Norton, I have no other intentions whatsoever. I was just trying to see if you are injured. I hope you won’t misunderstand me.” 
Hearing her lame excuse, Finnick turned to face her. “You know better whether it was a misunderstanding or not. Even if you have other intentions, you’d better hide them and think twice before you act. If what happened earlier ever happens again, there will be no place for you in Sunshine City.” 
Charlotte was daunted by his threat, knowing that the man really meant what he said.
She backed away and dared not utter a single word, afraid that she might offend Finnick. How did things turn out this way? All my admirers would do everything to please me, but Finnick turned his cold shoulder at me even when I threw myself at him. 
Her eyes reddened, her heart filled with the feeling of resentment. Finnick pulled a long face while Charlotte shed tears during the remaining journey. The two remained silent until they arrived at the destination.
###Chapter 679
Chapter 679 
Finnick hopped out of the cable car as soon as it stopped. He stood at the side with a grouchy expression on his face as he waited for Vivian. Charlotte got out of the cable car hesitantly. All she could do was stand nervously and away from Finnick. They waited for the person in the following cable car. 
Soon, the cable car carrying Vivian arrived as well. The first thing Vivian saw when she hopped out of the cable car was Charlotte standing beside Finnick. Charlotte had bloodshot eyes and looked so sad that it almost felt like she was wronged. 
What’s going on? Isn’t she delighted just a few minutes ago? Did Finnick bully her? Those thoughts prompted Vivian to approach them with a frown on. 
“Charlotte, what’s wrong? Why are you…” said Vivian. She never got to finish her sentence because Finnick grabbed her wrist and pulled her to the side. 
“What are you doing, Finnick? Let me go!” demanded Vivian. She had no idea where Finnick was dragging her, so she struggled as hard as she could. What is it with this guy? 
Finnick never answered Vivian’s question. His entire body exuded a zing aura, and his grip on Vivian’s wrist became even tighter. 
“Let me go, Finnick. Where are you taking me?” growled Vivian as she struggled the entire way. Unfortunately, there was a huge gap between men’s and women’s physical strength, so there was no way she could break of Finnick’s hold. Vivian ended up hurting her own wrist. 
Every employee of the magazine company murmured and gossiped when they saw Finnick dragging Vivian away like that. Everyone was speculating about the relationship between Finnick and Vivian.
After an intense debate, everyone agreed on a single point. Finnick is going to court the Chief Editor and win her back! 
Shannon looked upset as she listened to the others discussing the matter. Vivian is so lucky. What gives? It’s been five years, but she still managed to win him back again. 
Shannon’s nail dug into her own palm. She was fuming with jealousy. What is so great about Vivian? Why is she always one step ahead of me? 
No! I will not stand by idly and watch that b*tch Vivian remain on top of me. Someday, somehow, I will teach her a lesson and crush her ego! 
Finnick only stopped when he had already dragged Vivian all the way to the secluded area behind the trees. He turned around and saw the fury burning in Vivian’s eyes. 
She flung Finnick’s hand away hard and yelled angrily, “What has gotten into your head? What did I do this time to piss you off?” 
The anger burning in Finnick’s eyes became more intense when he realized that Vivian didn’t even know what her mistake was. He growled, “How dare you ask me. Tell me why you did it!” 
“What are you talking about?” roared Vivian, who refused to back down. 
Finnick was so angry that he had to take two deep breaths before he could speak. Through gritted teeth, he spat, “Did you deliberately leave me in that cable car with that woman? Why did you do that?” 
Ah, so that’s what he’s talking about! Vivian recalled how Finnick was chatting away happily with Charlotte just moments ago and how he was throwing a tantrum afterward. At that moment, Vivian found the guy to be extremely hypocritical, and she suddenly felt like she had been wronged for some unknown reason.
“Naturally, I did that to match-make the two of you. What’s wrong? Are you dissatisfied despite having a beautiful woman throwing herself at you?” said Vivian bitterly, with obvious jealousy in her tone. However, Vivian never realized how jealous she sounded, and Finnick, being too angry, neglected that as well. 
The fury in Finnick’s eyes burned brighter when he heard Vivian’s confession of how she was deliberately setting him up with another woman. This idiot… She actually wants me to be with someone else! 
Finnick pulled Vivian into his arms and forced her back to a tree before he tilted his head down and kissed her lips without any hesitation. 
“Mmm…” Vivian never expected Finnick to make that move suddenly. She had her guard down, and that allowed Finnick to kiss her. 
Vivian tried to push him away, but she soon realized that he had locked her hands in, and there was no way she could break . 
Finnick had one hand constricting Vivian’s hands and had his other hand pinned on the back of her head. His kiss was domineering and eager as if he was trying to release all of his pent-up emotions via that kiss.
###Chapter 680
Chapter 680 
Finnick had forced Vivian’s teeth to part, and Vivian soon felt his warm tongue raiding her mouth. She couldn’t disregard his presence, no matter how hard she tried. 
She wanted to retaliate by biting him, but it seemed that Finnick had already anticipated that. Before Vivian could do anything, the hand at the back of her head shifted and confined her jaw. That made it impossible for her to do what she initially planned. 
There was no saying how much time had passed, but Finnick explored every section of Vivian’s lips before the anger in him slowly dissipated. His kiss became soft and tender. 
Finnick had never felt more satisfied before. He enjoyed that kiss and felt like they were the only two people in the world. How he wished that they could spend the rest of their lives like that. 
At first, Vivian struggled hard, but she later lost all her energy and could only give in. She noticed how Finnick’s kiss was becoming gentler until it was as light as a feather caressing her tongue. She could feel her heart softening and her mind losing the will to resist. 
Finnick slowly put some distance between them after ending that kiss. He saw how Vivian had her eyes closed, and that got him to grin instinctively. The determination in his eyes became stronger as well. 
“Vivian, do you really think that I’d give up on being with you? I will never do that, not in this lifetime, so you should stop behaving that way in the future.” 
Vivian could still feel Finnick’s breath on her when he spoke, and that prompted her to blush a little when she opened her eyes. That was when she was ambushed by Finnick’s gaze, which was shining with blatant love.
“I love you, Vivian. Only you. And that is true no matter if we’re in the past, present, or future. Promise me that you will not do anything like that again, okay?” said Finnick. He looked into Vivian’s eyes and was sincere when he declared his love and made his promise. His tone was so sweet that it could drown her. 
Vivian felt her heart thumping faster after hearing Finnick’s profession of love. She could even feel her heart jumping out of rhythm in her heart. 
She instinctively blushed. She didn’t have the time to think things through, so she pushed Finnick away before running to the others without ever looking back. 
Vivian promised herself that she would never fall for Finnick again, but she realized that she couldn’t control her heart at all. She would get agitated, and her heart would thump faster whenever he was around. She couldn’t even think straight under those circumstances. 
Finnick chased after Vivian when he saw her running away like that. He grabbed her wrist when he caught up to her. 
He forced her to face him and looked into her eyes before he said, “I meant every word I said earlier, Vivian. Can’t you give us a chance to start over? I promise that I….” 
“Let’s talk about this some other time,” interrupted Vivian nervously as she flung his hand away and herself from his grip. She added, “Everyone’s watching, and I don’t want a rumor to spread.” 
Finnick tilted his head to look behind Vivian’s back upon hearing that. True to her words, he saw that everyone was looking over. 
He felt his heart ached a little when he saw how troubled she looked. Gah, never mind. We have all the time in the world, so there is no need to put on a show in front of everybody now.
Without saying another word, Finnick took the initiative to back away two steps and said, “Let’s go. It’s impolite to make the others wait too long.” 
Even Vivian couldn’t deny that she was touched when she saw Finnick’s considerate gesture. At the very least, she knew that the man still respected her. 
The two of them walked to the others. Vivian couldn’t help feeling a little awkward when she sensed that everyone was scanning her from head to toe. She quickly spoke up to divert their attention. 
“Alright, then. Everyone’s here, so let’s head out right away to find the site to set up our camps. It’ll only become more challenging once the night falls.” 
The Chief Editor had already issued the instructions, so it wasn’t right for anyone to continue gossiping anymore. They moved forward in unison to look for a place to set up camp.
###Chapter 681
Chapter 681 
Almost every inch of the island was covered in trees, and it took everyone some time to find a somewhat spacious and safe spot. 
After consulting the guide and confirming that they were at the right spot, Vivian had everyone start setting up their camps. 
The crowd complained away as they worked, but Vivian managed to keep everyone in line and everything went somewhat smoothly. Everyone was assigned a task. 
Vivian wanted to distract herself and stop herself from thinking about what happened with Finnick, so she talked to Sarah about how they’d secure their camps in place. 
“Chief Editor,” greeted Charlotte from behind just as the two ladies were talking. Vivian turned around and, as suspected, Charlotte had called out for her. 
Vivian felt a little bad when she recalled how the young lady looked sorrowful by the cable car. I guess Finnick wasn’t nice or even polite to her… 
“Charlotte, I am so sorry. Did Finnick bully you?” asked Vivian apologetically while walking toward Charlotte. 
“Not at all. We hung out well,” replied Charlotte happily. Vivian didn’t expect that response. She definitely didn’t see it coming when Charlotte added, “At first, it felt like Mr. Norton is a little reluctant to hang out with me, but we later got along really well. Besides, I think Mr. Norton…” 
Charlotte covered her lips and grinned shyly before continuing, “I think Mr. Norton really admires me. He probably feels a little awkward about getting too close to me since you’re around. That’s kinda why I want to talk to you. Can I ask a favor?”
“What is it?” asked Vivian, who suddenly felt inexplicably sad after hearing what Charlotte said. Vivian recalled how she previously saw Finnick and Charlotte chatting away happily. That convinced Vivian that Charlotte wasn’t lying. 
Finnick Norton, that hypocritical bast*rd. Why pretend to be angry with me when he’s so happy being around the young, beautiful lady? Also, why bother saying those disgusting and corny words? 
“Vivian, can you help me create another opportunity for Mr. Norton and me to have some alone time together again? I want to strike while the iron is hot, and maybe bring the two of us closer,” requested Charlotte. She deliberately acted like she was excited when she said those words. 
Finnick had warned her earlier against trying anything funny again, and she truly was frightened at the time. However, she later thought about it and found that she wasn’t okay with it. 
Charlotte thought that she was way better than Vivian. I am young, beautiful, and full of life, and I truly love Finnick. Why should I step aside and let this old woman have him? 
Charlotte’s friends once told her that men were all animals and would instinctively be attracted to beautiful women. That would apply to any men, even the ones who seemed distant. 
Charlotte’s past experiences of being courted by men reaffirmed her belief about what her friend said. She became certain that Finnick simply hadn’t had the chance to notice how beautiful she was. I will definitely have him at the palm of my hands if I just push more and be more proactive! 
Naturally, Finnick wasn’t the only one Charlotte needed to work on. The most important bit was to make Vivian think that Finnick actually had a thing for Charlotte. That way, Vivian would work hard to stay away from Finnick, and that would give Charlotte a better shot. 
Seeing how happy Charlotte looked made Vivian feel even worse.
The latter felt disgusted when she thought about how Finnick declared his love for her. He flirted with the young lady a second ago, then pretended to be a lovesick puppy with me a second later. My gosh, he is getting better at putting on an act. 
Vivian never suspected a word Charlotte said because the former had always seen the latter as a quiet and reserved lady. She would never have said something like that if Finnick didn’t lead her on. 
To add to that, Vivian had seen with her own eyes, that the two of them were close together in an ambiguous situation. It was clearly what Charlotte had described, that the two of them were happy together. 
At that moment, Vivian saw Finnick as a playboy who pretended to be a gentleman. He really is the perfect example of a wolf in sheep’s clothing.
###Chapter 682
Chapter 682 
Years ago, he got together with Evelyn. That time, we hadn’t even gotten a divorce yet, so I can see why he kept it a secret from me, but we aren’t together anymore. He can be with anyone he wants to be, and I won’t stop him anyway, so why is he still lying to me? 
Thinking about that past prompted Vivian to scoff. Maybe he’s just used to lying. Ah, to think that his lies, which should’ve only worked on young, immature ladies, had touched me. That is so naive of me! 
When Charlotte saw Vivian’s grouchy expression and noted how the latter never said a word, the former thought that the latter was going to deny the request. Charlotte stepped up and hugged Vivian’s arm to request coquettishly, “Come on, Vivian. Didn’t you say that you’re no longer interested in Mr. Norton? If so, why won’t you help me?” 
Vivian turned to Charlotte and advised seriously, “Charlotte, I think you should just forget about him. Listen to me, he is not a good man, and you will just end up getting hurt.” 
Hah! Is that so? Or are you just saying all that because you regret divorcing such an amazing man? Despite Charlotte’s thoughts, she continued wearing a sincere and hopeful expression. 
“Vivian, I truly love Finnick. I love him so, so much that I don’t care if I get hurt in the future. Please, just help me out once more and let us have some time together. I’m begging you, Vivian. Please help me. I will regret it for the rest of my life if I don’t go all out.” 
Love him so, so much, huh? thought Vivian. Bitterness spread across her heart. 
She used to love Finnick that much as well and thought that meeting Finnick was the luckiest feat in her life. But look at how everything ended. The so-called luckiest feat is nothing but the biggest heartache of my life.
Unfortunately, Charlotte had lowered her stance to the point where Vivian didn’t feel right to keep turning down her request, so Vivian promised, “Okay, I will help you out later if I have the chance.” 
Everyone has the right to choose their own destiny. If she is so stubborn about being with Finnick, then who am I to stop her? Besides, she might put all the blame on me if I refuse to help her. 
“Really?” blurted Charlotte, who couldn’t hide her excitement, “Thank you, Vivian. Thank you so much. If I end up being a couple with Mr. Norton, you will be the matchmaker that made everything possible. I will definitely give you a great gift then.” 
Hearing Charlotte’s words made Vivian feel a little weird. All the latter could do was force a grin on her face. Dang, even I can tell that my grin has got to be ridiculously ugly now. 
Naturally, Charlotte noticed how forced Vivian’s grin was, but the former was too happy to care about how Vivian felt. 
“I’ll be counting on you later, Vivian. I better return to my camp and touch up my make-up so that I am on my best look when I hang out with Finnick. Please remember to help give us some alone time!” 
“Sure,” replied Vivian exasperatedly while nodding. After that, Vivian watched as Charlotte left happily. 
Seeing how gleeful the young lady was got Vivian to feel blue. Problem was, she had no idea where that feeling stemmed from. 
Is it because of Finnick? Am I upset because he is hanging out with a young lady? Vivian shook her head quickly and denied those thoughts immediately. 
Perverts who love anyone they come across are not worthy of my time or my feelings. I will not allow myself to be sad!
Everyone was hungry after the camps were set up, so they started preparing for barbeque. Soon, the barbeque grill was set up, and a fire was lit. Someone suggested that they send two representatives to go get some clean water so that they could wash the utensils. 
“Are there even any clean water sources on the island? We’re not going to get the water from the spring, are we?” asked someone suspiciously. 
The tour guide answered, “This island was renovated to accommodate campers and travelers, so there is a designated place for getting clean water. You will find the place if you keep walking down this route.” 
As the tour guide spoke, he pointed down a road.
###Chapter 683
Chapter 683 
The tour guide had just finished speaking when Charlotte volunteered, “I’ll go get some water for everyone. I don’t have anything to do at the moment, anyway.” 
Charlotte then turned to Vivian and secretly winked. It was impossible for Vivian to miss what Charlotte was suggesting after their previous conversation. 
Vivian was reluctant, but she had already promised to help Charlotte out, so the former said, “It’s not safe for a young lady to go on her own. Besides, you’re not strong enough to carry that much water. I think it’s better if Mr. Norton goes with you. I’d feel more at ease that way.” 
Vivian immediately turned to face Finnick and added, “Please help Charlotte get some water for everyone, Mr. Norton. Thank you in advance for your help.” 
She’s not giving up! Finnick was infuriated once again, even though it had just dissipated. Unfortunately, he couldn’t lose his temper in front of everyone else, nor could he drag Vivian away again. Hence, he was left with no other option but to suppress his fury. 
He glared evilly at Vivian. In addition to being angry, he was also heartbroken. Does she really not love me at all right now? To her, am I just a belonging that can be handed out to anyone? 
“Thank you, Mr. Norton,” said Charlotte shyly, “Let’s head over right now, so we can get back soon. That way, everyone can have their meals earlier.” 
Finnick didn’t reply. He was still looking at Vivian and hoping that she would ask for him to stay, but she had already turned her back to him. She was avoiding his gaze by pretending to work on something else.
“Mr. Norton, let’s hurry over,” urged Charlotte. She was worried that she would lose the opportunity she worked so hard to get. 
Finnick was utterly disappointed to see that Vivian wouldn’t even look at him. He hid his sorrowful gaze and turned to the path where the tour guide pointed at earlier. It seemed that Finnick was deliberately acting up. 
She wants to matchmake me with some other woman, huh? Fine, I will play along then. I’d like to see if she really cares that little about me. Will she truly be happy to see me with someone else? 
Charlotte was ecstatic to see that Finnick was willing to go get water with her. She had to jog a little to catch up with him, and she still secretly vowed that she would seize that opportunity to get together with Finnick. 
Everyone turned to one another when they saw all the drama being played out in front of them. They had no idea what was going on. 
“What is the Chief Editor doing? Why did she make Charlotte and Mr. Norton go over together?” 
“Right? Charlotte is so beautiful. Shouldn’t the Chief Editor be worried that Mr. Norton would fall for Charlotte?” 
“I thought Mr. Norton is trying to get the Chief Editor back. What is going on now? Does the Chief Editor not want to reconcile with Mr. Norton? Is that why she had them go collect the water together?” 
“Maybe. I mean, thinking back, I didn’t actually see the Chief Editor being all lovey-dovey toward Mr. Norton. She probably doesn’t like him.” 
“Why not? He is such an incredible guy. Isn’t it a waste to let someone like him go?”
“The Chief Editor isn’t so bad herself. She is beautiful and talented, and she is a member of the Morrison family. To her, Finnick probably isn’t all that incredible at all.” 
“Then Charlotte really got lucky….” 
Sarah was upset to hear what everyone was saying, but she was also confused. 
Just earlier, she caught Vivian being sad about Finnick and Charlotte hanging out together. So what’s going on now? Why is Vivian actively helping the two of them get together? 
Sarah simply couldn’t figure it out, so she didn’t waste any more time dwelling on it. She walked directly to Vivian and interrogated, “Why did you do that, Vivian? What if Finnick actually falls for Charlotte?” 
Vivian was still holding the barbecue sticks at the time, and she paused for a moment. Her expression turned grim, but she never answered Sarah’s question. Vivian simply continued applying the sauce. 
Seeing that expression, Sarah knew how terrible Vivian felt. Why did she do all that if it’s just going to make herself sad?
###Chapter 684
Chapter 684 
“Vivian, will you really not consider getting back together with Mr. Norton? I can tell that he still cares about you, and you…” said Sarah. She hesitated for a moment, but she ultimately voiced out, “And you seem like you’re still in love with him, too. Why can’t the two of you get back together?” 
“I no longer care about him!” roared Vivian instinctively upon hearing Sarah’s words. The former was uncharacteristically mean at that moment. 
Sarah opened her mouth. It was as if she had more to say, but Vivian’s expression forced all those words back down her throat. 
Only then did Vivian realize that she was acting a little out of line. Sarah only spoke up because she cares about me. How can I be so rude to someone so kind? 
Vivian held Sarah’s hand and apologized, “I’m sorry, Sarah. I didn’t mean to yell at you. I know that you have my best interest at heart, but I really don’t want to hear that man’s name again.” 
“I understand. I won’t talk about him anymore. No matter what, I just want you to be happy,” replied Sarah as she held Vivian’s hand. Sarah’s eyes shone with love and concern when she uttered those words. 
“Thank you, Sarah. Thank you for your concern all this while,” replied Vivian, who was touched by those words. It had been a while since anyone cared about Vivian sincerely. 
“It’s nothing compared to how you’ve always been kind to me,” said Sarah while grinning. She then added, “You keep applying the sauce here. I’ll go collect some firewood.” 
“Okay,” replied Vivian with a smile. She watched as Sarah walked away.
Vivian was actually stunned in place. She kept recalling what Sarah said earlier. And you seem like you’re still in love with him, too. Why can’t the two of you get back together? 
Do I still love him? To the extent that even Sarah could sense it? 
No, that will not do! Vivian was shaking her head profusely in her mind. She would not allow herself to fall for him because she refused to go through the desperation she endured five years ago. 
She closed her eyes to calm herself down before she opened them again and continued working on the sauce. After that, she called out to get everyone to get ready. 
Everyone was famished, so naturally, they cheered and went to start barbecuing everything. They were in the midst of barbecuing, but Sarah, Finnick, and Charlotte were still nowhere to be seen. 
“What’s wrong? Why aren’t they back yet?” ”They didn’t get into any trouble, did they?” Everyone was understandably worried when they noted that all three of them weren’t back yet. 
At that moment, Vivian was fidgeting with worry as well, but in addition to that, she was also a little upset. 
The island had already been developed, so the chances of them getting into trouble were virtually zero. Sarah may be late because she can’t find any useable wood, but Finnick and Charlotte left ages ago. Are they deliberately staying out longer because they are having too much fun and don’t want to come back? 
“No one else is on this island, so what danger could they be in? I bet Charlotte and Finnick are just glad to finally have some alone time together and are having so much fun that they are unwilling to return,” said Shannon.
Her tone was a little strange when she said those words, and she would shift her gaze to Vivian now and then. It was obvious that she only said those words to annoy Vivian. 
Vivian knew Shannon’s ulterior motives, but she still couldn’t help feeling upset because Shannon’s words matched what Vivian thought. 
Everyone else chimed in to ease the tension when they saw how terrible the Chief Editor looked upon hearing Shannon’s words. “There is no guarantee that the island is definitely safe, either. Let’s spread out and look for them,” said a colleague. 
Their aim for traveling over was to have some fun. If Shannon actually got into a fight with Vivian, no one would be happy during the entire trip, and it would just be a waste. 
That person’s words inspired everyone to work together. “You’re right. It’s safer if we go look for them. We can’t wait forever, after all. What if something actually happened?”
###Chapter 685
Chapter 685 
“It has been a while since they left, and it is a little worrisome. We should spread out and look for them.” 
Hearing everybody’s thoughts and comments got Vivian to worry. “It is dangerous for a woman like Sarah to go collect firewood on her own. Let’s spread out and look for her, but make sure that there are at least three people in your team at all times. Don’t stray from each other and remember, safety first.” 
“Okay,” replied the others before they teamed up and ventured into the woods. 
Shannon walked with two colleagues. One of them turned to Shannon and spoke up when they got further away from the others. 
“Shannon, why did you say all that in front of the Chief Editor? What if she makes things difficult for you at work?” said one colleague. 
“I was just telling the truth. Charlotte is young and beautiful, whereas Finnick is single. Who’s to say that they won’t get together?” said Shannon nonchalantly. 
“That may be true, but you know what happened between Finnick and the Chief Editor. It’s extremely likely that Finnick only came on this trip to try to get back together with the Chief Editor. Why do you insist on upsetting her? She is our boss, and going against her won’t benefit you at all,” reminded the other colleague kindly. 
“She would never have gotten that job or be our boss if it wasn’t for her connection to the Morrison family! I was the one who was supposed to be promoted,” growled Shannon, who only became more furious after hearing what the guy said.
“That’s not true. The Chief Editor does have the skills to do the job well. Our sales have been rising ever since she took over, and we were ranked number one for two continuous issues,” refuted the guy. 
He then added, “We have never accomplished anything like that before, and that could not have happened if all she can do is tap into her connection to the Morrisons. Honestly, we should thank her. If she hadn’t helped us achieve all that, the head office would never have rewarded us with a trip here.” 
What an idiot, he’s acting like Vivian is an angel from heaven or something. Shannon couldn’t stand hearing her colleague compliment Vivian anymore. “Hah, I bet you’re only talking her up like that because she’s beautiful, and you have your eyes on her. You should forget about it. She may be a divorcee, but she is still the daughter of the Morrison family, and she will never be into you,” insulted Shannon. 
“What is that supposed to mean?” demanded the colleague, who was infuriated. He shouted, “I was being kind and trying to help you. How can you make up sh*ts like that? When have you ever seen me acting like I’m interested in the Chief Editor?” 
“Like hell that is bullsh*t! Stop hiding it,” accused Shannon. She was too angry to care about how others were feeling. She just wanted to vent her anger and frustration somewhere. After yelling at her colleague, Shannon turned around and walked in the opposite direction. 
The third party who was with them, the female colleague, quickly stopped Shannon. She reminded, “Shannon, the Chief Editor has made it clear. We should travel in groups of three and above. Don’t leave on your own. What if you get into trouble?” 
“Chief Editor this, Chief Editor that. Who are the two of you? Vivian’s slaves? Is that why you have to obey her commands like a lapdog?” roared Shannon angrily. She flung the lady’s hand away as she spoke in a deranged tone.
The colleague was so angry that she was trembling a little when she saw how Shannon ignored her good intentions and hurled such lunatic insults. 
At that point, she no longer cared about Shannon’s safety and didn’t want to say anything anymore. She and the other colleague Shannon accused earlier ignored her and left. Women like those are downright unreasonable! Why did I bother stopping her? It did nothing but make me feel miserable. 
Shannon felt wronged and abandoned as she watched her two colleagues walked away. More than that, though, she was overwhelmed with intense hatred and jealousy. 
This is all your fault, Vivian William! You stole my job and caused a rift between my colleagues and me. Everything happened because of you. I hate you. 
Shannon clenched her fist tightly as an evil aura slowly seeped out of her. “Just you wait, Vivian William. I’ll definitely get back at you for this and show you that I am not someone you can bully!” announced Shannon. 
“Sarah, Sarah!” shouted Vivian and Caroline. Unfortunately, they didn’t hear any response.
###Chapter 686
Chapter 686 
“Vivian, we’ve been searching for hours, but Sarah is still nowhere to be seen. You don’t think she’s in trouble, do you?” said Caroline, who was a little scared at that moment. 
“I don’t think so. You shouldn’t assume the worse,” replied Vivian. Truth was, Vivian was just as nervous about the situation, but she knew that she couldn’t freak out. “Let’s head back. Maybe the others have already found Sarah and they’re back at the camp now. That’s probably why she can’t hear us calling out for her.” 
“You’re right. Sarah must’ve returned to the campsite. She is definitely safe,” said Caroline. She felt a lot calmer after hearing what Vivian said. 
Vivian and Caroline turned around and went back to their camp. That was when they realized that almost everyone else had returned as well. 
“How did it go? Did anyone find Sarah?” asked Vivian hurriedly. 
“No.” 
“Sarah is nowhere to be seen, and Mr. Norton and Charlotte aren’t back yet either.” 
Vivian got even more anxious to hear everyone’s response. How am I going to face her family if something happened to Sarah? 
“Calm down, Chief Editor. Some teams haven’t returned yet. Maybe they’ve found Sarah,” said a guy to comfort her after he saw how she was getting jumpy. He then added, “I’ll go look for her again. This isn’t an abandoned island, so it’s unlikely that she’s in trouble. I bet Sarah just lost her way.”
“What about Mr. Norton and Charlotte? The place to get the water isn’t far and they would’ve found the place so long as they travel down the main road. Why aren’t they back yet?” complained another colleague. He couldn’t help feeling angry because he was getting too worried. What is wrong with these people? They’re not kids, anymore. Why must they make us worry? 
For some unknown reason, hearing those words prompted Vivian to picture Finnick flirting with Charlotte. They were happy and smiling brightly at each other in Vivian’s mind. 
She couldn’t stop jealousy from swelling up inside her mind, so she shook her head to prevent herself from thinking too much about it. 
“Let’s just wait for everyone else to return. I don’t want to risk anyone else getting lost in our quest to search for Sarah,” instructed Vivian. She was worried that the others would get into trouble as well, so she had them wait there. 
More time passed, but no one returned. Vivian couldn’t bear with the anxiety anymore and wanted to head out to look for the others again. Just then, Shannon rushed over while looking frightened. 
“What’s wrong? Did you find them?” asked one colleague hurriedly. 
“No, but I think I heard Sarah calling out for help over there,” informed Shannon. She looked absolutely horrified. 
Vivian’s heart instantly jumped when she heard what Shannon said. Sarah’s in trouble? Vivian quickly ran over to Shannon and asked, “Where did you hear that call for help? Are you sure it was Sarah?” 
“I can’t be certain. I somewhat make out a call for help, and that person sounded like Sarah, but I was alone and was too scared to forge ahead. That’s why I came back to get help.”
“Why were you alone?” asked Vivian. The two of them weren’t on good terms, after all, so Vivian had her guard up around Shannon. 
“I was supposed to be with Ken and Melinda, but we later got into an argument and went our own ways,” replied Shannon hurriedly, “Honestly, Vivian, now is not the time to look into this matter. Hurry over with me. I’m really worried about Sarah now.” 
Given how nervous Shannon looked, it was unlikely that she was lying. Vivian’s judgment was also clouded because she was worried about Sarah, who hadn’t returned yet. 
“Okay, hang on a second. I have to go get something from my camp,” replied Vivian before she rushed to her camp. 
Before leaving the country, Vivian thought about how most employees the magazine hired were women. She was worried about everyone’s safety, so she brought pepper spray along. I didn’t think that I’d actually need to use it. 
“Let’s go look for Sarah now, Shannon,” urged Vivian after she retrieved the so-called weapon she brought with her. We have to hurry. The longer we wait, the more danger Sarah might be in.
###Chapter 687
Chapter 687 
“Chief Editor, it’s not that much safer for two women to go over on their own. Let the boys and I come with you,” suggested a male colleague in a worried tone. 
“No, there’s no need for that. We only have a few men around, and most of us are already at camp. You boys should stay guard over here, just in case. The girls would be defenseless if something happens while you’re gone,” instructed Vivian sternly. 
Everyone tagged along happily to go on a vacation with Vivian, so she had to make sure that everyone was safe and would go home in one piece. 
“But then, who would protect the two of you?” pointed out a guy. Vivian’s words made sense to him, but he was still worried about letting two women leaving on their own. 
“Gah, stop wasting time and talking bullsh*t. Sarah is still waiting for rescue,” said Shannon before Vivian could even speak up. She later added, “The Chief Editor is armed with pepper spray, so we should be fine. Stop worrying needlessly, will you? Besides, she is right. The most important thing is to make sure that everyone is safe.” 
After that, Shannon turned to Vivian and continued, “Vivian, let’s hurry over. Sarah and I aren’t on good terms, but we have been colleagues for years. If anything were to happen to her, I-I’d feel terrible.” 
Shannon’s voice was thick with tears when she said those words, and sorrow donned her face. No one would suspect her words under those circumstances. 
“It’s fine, Lionel. Stay here with the others and keep everyone safe. Shannon and I will go look for Sarah,” instructed Vivian quickly to the guy at her side. Then, she dragged Shannon towards the path Shannon came from earlier.
“Shannon, where did you hear Sarah’s call for help? Why haven’t we heard anything, even though we’ve gone so far?” asked Vivian. She was getting worried because they were venturing further away from camp. 
At first, Vivian assumed that they wouldn’t be traveling that far from camp, but they had since gotten to the deeper parts of the wood. Despite that, they still hadn’t reached the place Shannon was talking about. 
“We’re almost there. I heard Sarah’s call for help somewhere nearby. I’m guessing we’ll find her soon,” replied Shannon. For some unknown reason, Shannon seemed a little off when she spoke. It was as if she was worried about Vivian discovering something. 
Shannon obviously didn’t need to worry at all, though. Vivian was too worried about Sarah to notice anything. 
Vivian didn’t suspect a thing and forged ahead when she heard Shannon saying that Sarah was nearby. As Vivian walked, she called out Sarah’s name. 
Shannon was secretly relieved to see that Vivian had bought the lie. The former grinned evilly as she walked behind the latter. 
Shannon observed her surroundings while following closely behind Vivian. After traveling a little further, Shannon saw the mark she made earlier. 
Glee flashed past her eyes. Shannon shouted in a nervous tone, “Chief Editor, quick. Over here!” 
“What is it?” asked Vivian, who turned around quickly and headed towards Shannon. The former asked, “Did you find any clue? Is Sarah around here somewhere?”
Vivian walked to Shannon and looked in the direction that Shannon was pointing at. The former bent down to take a closer look, and that was when she felt a force pushing her harshly from her back. 
“Ah,” yelped Vivian. She flew uncontrollably downward and saw that she was getting closer and closer to the ground. At first, she thought that she would fall hard, but as she fell, she realized there was a trap right underneath her. 
Thump! A loud noise echoed when Vivian fell into the pit. She felt as if her organs were all crushed, and she kept her eyes closed for a long time before she got herself accustomed to the pain. 
Upon opening her eyes, Vivian realized that the pit was extremely deep. It was likely that hunters set the trap up to catch dangerous animals. Vivian shifted her gaze upward and saw that Shannon was grinning evilly over. 
Seeing Shannon’s taunting expression, Vivian realized that Shannon had pushed her in. Why the hell did Shannon bring me over?
###Chapter 688
Chapter 688 
“Shannon, didn’t you say that Sarah is somewhere nearby? Why did you push me in?” demanded Vivian angrily. 
“You actually bought that? My gosh, Vivian William, looks like you haven’t gotten any smarter in the past five years. You are still that idiot who is, oh so easy, to con,” replied Shannon while crouching down and looking right at Vivian. 
“What is the meaning of this? Did you trick me over? Why would you do that? Where is Sarah?” demanded Vivian, who was furious at herself when she finally grasped what was going on. I knew it. I shouldn’t have trusted that woman! 
“That brat is as annoying as you are. How would I know where she is? To tell you the truth, I never heard her calling for help. I only told you that to con you into coming over, and as for my intention of bringing you over…” 
Shannon trailed off and paused for a moment before she glared evilly and answered, “Well, it’s to teach you a f*cking lesson, of course.” 
“Shannon Ulrich, I will freaking fire you!” roared Vivian. Resentment and regret filled her heart when she heard what Shannon said. 
Shannon had always gone against Vivian at work, and Vivian would’ve fired the girl if she wasn’t a senior in the office who had contributed years to the company. Not only is she not thankful for it, she’s trying to hurt me! 
“Awh, how intimidating,” said Shannon sarcastically before she added, “You’d have to actually get out of there to threaten my job.”
“I’m warning you, Shannon. You won’t get away with it. I came over to look for Sarah with you, and everyone saw us leaving together. You’d be the first one they turn to if they can’t find me,” reminded Vivian, who was performing pretty well under duress. 
She added, “You will be the primary suspect, so you better find a way to get me out of here before the situation spiral out of control.” 
“Really? Aw, you’re scaring me, Chief Editor,” said Shannon sarcastically before she laughed aloud and added, “Vivian William, do you really think that you can frighten me just like that? I can tell them that we parted ways to look for Sarah, and that is why I have no idea where you are.” 
Shannon reminded, “Tons of people get into trouble while on camping trips, and there is no evidence to prove my guilt. No one can pin this on me, so you can rot here for all I care! Don’t worry, though. If anything were to happen to you, I will take over your position as the Chief Editor and will manage the magazine perfectly in your place.” After saying her piece, Shannon turned around and left while laughing aloud. 
“Come back here, Shannon. Get me out of here,” roared Vivian loudly from the bottom of the pit. All she got in response was Shannon’s laughter getting softer until it was completely gone. 
What do I do now? Am I really going to die here? Vivian struggled to come up with ways to get out of that trap. 
On the other side, Finnick and Charlotte had gone to get some water. Charlotte kept trying to strike up a conversation with Finnick the entire way. “Mr. Norton, isn’t the scenery on this island amazing?” 
Finnick ignored Charlotte. He continued filling up the buckets and collecting the water. He never even looked in the general direction of where Charlotte was standing.
After her experience in the cable car, Charlotte had already gotten used to how distant Finnick acted toward her. Hence, she remained smiling and asked, “Mr. Norton, I remember that you were down with a cold just before the trip. Are you feeling better now?” 
Finnick had finished filling one bucket up, so he got another empty bucket and started filling that up, too. He acted as if there was no one around him. 
Seeing how Finnick ignored her prompted Charlotte to bite her lip a little. She had always had admirers coming after her, even when she saw a kid. No one had ever made her look so bad before. 
No, I can’t give up so easily. It took me forever to find a rich guy that I quite like. No matter what, I must make him fall for me! 
After filling both buckets up, Finnick picked up the buckets in each hand and turned to leave. Charlotte quickly stepped up to act like she was going after the bucket he was holding. She said, “Mr. Norton, you can’t carry both buckets on your own. That is too heavy. Let’s carry one each.”
###Chapter 689
Chapter 689 
Finnick frowned when he saw that Charlotte’s hand was about to touch his. He put one bucket on the floor before walking around Charlotte and continued forging ahead. 
Charlotte was instantly dumbstruck. She didn’t expect Finnick to do that. In fact, she thought that he would act like a gentleman and insist on carrying the bucket so that Charlotte wouldn’t be worn out. I can’t believe he’s actually making me carry a bucket that heavy. 
Charlotte gritted her teeth as she watched Finnick walking further away. She spent all her effort picking up the bucket before she stumbled behind him. 
“Mr. Norton, p-please slow down. I… whew, I can’t keep up,” said Charlotte soon after. She was so tired that she was panting at that moment. 
Finnick hesitated when he heard the pants behind him. He ultimately slowed down. She may be annoying, but she’s still just a young lady, after all. 
Charlotte could help feeling delighted when she saw Finnick slowing down for her. I knew it! He does care about me. 
Charlotte suddenly felt energy surging through her veins. She picked up the bucket and rushed to Finnick’s side before she put on a shy expression and said, “Thank you, Mr. Norton.” 
Finnick’s eyes glowed with distaste when he heard the woman making that superficial noise. He didn’t look at her or respond to her words. Instead, he kept moving forward. 
At this rate, we would reach the camp soon. That thought got Charlotte nervous. 
No, I fought so hard to get some alone time with him. I will not go back just like that!
Her mind spun, and she tripped herself. 
“Ah!” Finnick heard a loud shriek behind him. When he turned around, he saw that Charlotte had fallen, and the bucket was tossed to the side. Water spilled everywhere. 
Annoyance flashed past Finnick’s face, but he turned around and walked to Charlotte, anyway. “Are you hurt? Can you walk?” asked Finnick. 
Finnick’s tone was cold, but his words were spoken out of concern, after all, so Charlotte couldn’t help feeling gleeful. 
She put on a pitiful expression and pressed on her ankle. Her voice seemed thick with tears when she said, “I think I twisted my ankle. It hurts so much.” 
Finnick scanned the surroundings and noted that there was absolutely no one else around to help. He secretly sighed exasperatedly because he had no choice but to help Charlotte up. 
Charlotte’s eyes shone with happiness when she saw Finnick helping her up like that. She deliberately acted like she couldn’t stand on her own and flung herself into Finnick’s arms. 
“I am so sorry, Mr. Norton,” said Charlotte, but her body never moved away from Finnick. She even tugged her collar a little and rubbed her soft chest on Finnick. 
Finnick was instantly infuriated when he saw that Charlotte was obviously trying to seduce him. How dare she still hold such vile thoughts towards me? He didn’t have much time to think before he pushed Charlotte away. 
Charlotte instinctively stepped backward and steadied herself when Finnick pushed her away without any prior warning. She didn’t notice what was wrong until she was already standing firmly. At that moment, she was tempted to slap herself across her face.
Finnick couldn’t suppress his anger when he saw that Charlotte wasn’t hurt at all. His tone was zing when he roared, “I warned you earlier that I will chase you out of Sunshine City if you try anything to get to me again. Looks like you didn’t heed my warning. Pack your things and leave the city on your own accord once this trip is over. Don’t force me to resort to extreme measures.” 
What? Charlotte was momentarily stunned after hearing Finnick’s words. Her emotions ran wild when she finally registered what was going on. I worked so hard to create a stable life here in Sunshine City. Am I going to be chased out just like that? 
For a moment there, Charlotte couldn’t accept the reality. She couldn’t believe that Finnick would actually do something so cruel to her. She couldn’t control her tears, and as she wept, she demanded, “Why? I am younger and prettier than that old hag, Vivian William. Why must you treat me so cruelly for her sake?”
###Chapter 690
Chapter 690 
Rotting disgust and indifference filled in Charlotte’s eyes. Seeing this, Finnick uttered without a trace of emotion, “You’re not worthy of being compared with Vivian. You’ll never match up to her. Not a single part of you stands a chance of beating her.” 
Then Finnick picked up his bucket. He returned to the well and fetched another bucket of water before heading back. He did all of this without sparing a single glance at Charlotte. 
Seeing Finnick leave without any concern for her, Charlotte’s knees gave in. She fell into a squat and bawled. Her shoulders trembled rapidly as angry tears slashed down her face. 
Her appalled thoughts questioned Finnick’s audacity. How can he say that I’m not good enough? I won’t accept this defeat. It’s not fair! Plus, do I really have to leave Sunshine City once we get back? 
A shudder rattled in her chest as she thought back to when Finnick threatened, “Don’t force me to take extreme measures”. There was no doubt that Finnick’s intervention could easily remove Charlotte from Sunshine City. Plus, he could get the entire media industry to boycott her. 
At the thought of this, Charlotte sobbed harder. She was only trying to secure her ideal husband; how did it lead to such a pitiful ending? 
Finnick returned to the campsite with a hardened expression. He ignored her cries that howled from behind him. 
From afar, the others caught sight of his return and sighed in relief. They rushed towards him and asked, “Mr. Norton. Why did you take so long to fetch the water? And where’s Charlotte?” 
“Yeah, Mr. Norton. You’ve been gone for a long time and everyone was starting to wonder if something happened to you guys. We even went out in groups of search parties but couldn’t find you guys at all. It
was driving everyone crazy.” 
… 
Finnick felt a pang of guilt after being surrounded by everyone’s worried faces. “The water spilled on our way back, so it took longer than planned. I apologize for the delay and for making everyone worry.’ 
“The important thing is that you’re alright.” Comforting smiles bloomed on everyone’s faces as they frantically waved at him. They felt flattered after seeing their boss explain so apologetically. “Speaking of which, where’s Charlotte? Didn’t she accompany you earlier? Why didn’t she return with you?” 
Finnick’s features darkened at the mention of Charlotte. He responded coldly, “She’s on her way. She’ll be here soon.” 
Noticing this stark change in Finnick’s expression, everyone pondered quizzically. Did they get into an argument? But why would there be conflict between them? That’s just not possible. 
Although they thought so in unison, no one dared to ask Finnick what happened. After all, he was their superior. 
“Where’s Ms. Morrison?” Finnick asked. He had glanced around but couldn’t find Vivian in the crowd. 
“After you guys left, Sarah went by herself to collect firewood and hasn’t returned till now. We also tried searching for her earlier but failed. Then Vivian got worried for Sarah’s safety since there’s no telling what dangers could happen to an unattended girl. So she and Shannon set off to find her again.” 
“Just the two of them?” Finnick’s face was anxiety-ridden. 
“Yeah,” Caroline nodded. “Vivian was afraid that we’d encounter more danger if we all went, so she told us to stay here. Then she left with Shannon.”
Hearing this, annoyance blew up in Finnick. Always so concerned for others being in danger… why can’t she look out for herself! Must she worry me all the time? 
Finnick grew more anxious as he waited for almost ten minutes. Seeing that Vivian still hadn’t returned, he couldn’t wait any longer. Before he could gather everyone to form search parties, he saw Caroline emotionally racing off somewhere. 
“Sarah, where have you been? Why did you take so long to get back?” Caroline asked. She sprinted over to Sarah’s side with a face full of concern and self-blame. Sarah’s disappearance must have really worried her. 
“I thought I’d pick up some firewood nearby, but I accidentally got lost. I just couldn’t find my way back. I took a couple of wrong turns, then started wandering further away. Took me a lot of effort but I made it back eventually,” Sarah explained as she lugged some firewood in her arms. 
Earlier, Shannon had mentioned hearing Sarah’s cries for help. This made Caroline worry. She checked Sarah from top to bottom for injuries. “Did you get into any trouble? Did you get hurt?”
###Chapter 691
Chapter 691 
“No,” Sarah chuckled after seeing Caroline so panicked. “Not a scratch at all. It just took me some time and effort to find the way back.” 
“Then why did Shannon hear you crying for help?” Caroline asked quizzically. “She thought you were in danger, so she and Vivian went to find you. Didn’t you bump into them?” 
“What cries?” Sarah frowned before continuing, “I didn’t call out for help at all.” 
At this point, the two of them had walked to where everyone else waited. Everyone sighed at the sight of Sarah being back safely. They fluttered around her and asked questions. 
“Sarah, what took you so long? Where’s Shannon and Ms. Morrison?” 
“Shannon said you were in danger, are you hurt?” 
“Why are you back alone? Ms. Morrison went to find you, didn’t you see them on your way back?” 
… 
Listening to everyone’s babbling questions, Sarah’s head pounded overwhelmingly. “I wasn’t in danger. I just got lost, and I didn’t even see Shannon or Vivian on my way back. Did they go searching for me?” 
“Yeah. Unless… they couldn’t find you and got themselves lost instead?” Nervous whispers came from everyone. While they were worried for Shannon and Vivian’s safety, they also couldn’t help but feel upset at the state of things. 
Really? Didn’t we come on this trip to have fun? All they had been doing since they got here was worry. They worried helplessly as people started disappearing one after the other without explanation. What
the hell was going on? 
Hearing Sarah’s and everyone’s conversation, Finnick felt even more on edge than before. Although this island had undergone urban development, there were still very few visitors. Not to mention, the terrain here was harsh and uneven. What if Vivian gets into trouble? 
“Everyone wait here and be safe. I’m going out to find Ms. Morrison. Does anyone know which direction they went in?” 
“That way,” Caroline pointed. “Vivian and Shannon headed that way to look for Sarah.” 
“Thank you. Please contact the police if I don’t get back in two hours. Have them look for us. Remember, stay safe and don’t act recklessly on your own.” 
After saying this, Finnick dashed in the direction that Caroline had pointed out. A silent prayer hummed from deep within him. Vivian… you better be safe. 
The air turned dense after Finnick’s last words. With heavy and anxious hearts, everyone prayed for their safe return. 
After half an hour of searching, Finnick still hadn’t found Vivian or Shannon. His heart pumped furiously as if it were about to explode out of his chest. Where on earth did they go? 
“Vivian! Vivian!” He projected his voice as loudly as he could, but there was no response. 
Then he ventured deeper into the forest. As he walked, Finnick paid careful attention to the ground and his surroundings. He scanned them for any clues showing that Vivian and Shannon had passed by. 
A footstep! Finnick’s heart dropped with excitement, with relief at the shoe-shaped mark on the ground. At first glance, the footprints looked like a woman’s. Maybe these belong to them!
Trailing the footsteps, Finnick finally saw someone sitting on a rock not far away—it was Shannon! 
Although he heaved a joyful sigh of relief, something still bothered him. Why is she alone? Where’s Vivian? 
“Shannon!” Finnick shouted. He moved closer and continued, “Why are you are alone here? Wasn’t Vivian with you earlier? Where is she?” 
Stunned by a sudden voice, Shannon’s head whipped back in surprise. Panic rose in her chest at the sight of Finnick. How did he manage to find me here? 
She hopped off the rock hurriedly. It was too late to conceal the alarming look on her face. “M-Mr. Norton, how did you manage to find me?” 
Sensing something wrong with her reaction, Finnick tensed warily. He even took on a sterner tone. “Weren’t you with Vivian? Where is she now?” 
“I-I don’t know.” Shannon’s thoughts scrambled to find an excuse. “We were separated, so I’m waiting for her here. I don’t know where she’s gone.”
###Chapter 692
Chapter 692 
Shannon didn’t want everyone asking her where Vivian went, so she hid here. She planned to go back a little later. This way, if anyone asked, she could say that she and Vivian had split up to search for Sarah. She would explain that she couldn’t find Vivian after being separated, so she came back on her own. 
However, she didn’t expect that Finnick would find her so quickly. It threw her off guard and made her too flustered to react normally. 
Shannon’s incoherent story made Finnick more suspicious of her. If she really got separated from Vivian, then she should be happy to be found and rescued. Why was she so nervous and afraid? 
Five years ago, before their divorce, Vivian mentioned that she didn’t get along with Shannon from the magazine company. She said that there was always animosity between the two of them. And now, Shannon reacted so suspiciously. Could it be that she did something bad to Vivian? 
The thought of this boiled anger in Finnick. He pounced towards Shannon and snarled, “You really don’t know where Vivian went? How did you two get separated?” 
“W-we couldn’t find Sarah. Vivian got worried and said we’d have better chances of finding her by splitting up. So we did that. Then… then I lost sight of her. All I could do was wait here.” 
Finnick’s rough tone made Shannon, who already had a guilty conscience, even more panicked. She was a bundle of nerves, and her words came out all jumbled. There was no way she could fool Finnick. 
“Spit it out! Do you really not know where Vivian is?” Finnick raised his voice. His brows furrowed tautly as he roared, “I’m warning you, best not lie. Otherwise, I’ll make you pay the price of lying to me.”
Finnick’s superiority had always been eminent; now, hostility coursed from his body, dangerously seeping into the air around them. It threatened Shannon, making it impossible for someone meager like her to withstand. 
For a moment, she was so frightened that she couldn’t think straight. She yelled frustratedly, “She was so ruthless to you before! Why do you still care so much about her?” 
Shannon’s response confirmed Finnick’s suspicion. She definitely knew where Vivian was. 
Sarah said that she hadn’t cried for help at all. So how could Shannon have heard someone’s cries? She probably said that to lure Vivian out here. 
A murderous glare shot from Finnick’s eyes. He jolted forward to grab Shannon by the collar. “Where the hell did you leave her? Tell me the truth! If anything happens to her, I’ll make sure the rest of your days are miserable. Trust me when I say that I’m a man of my word!” 
A shiver ran down Shannon’s spine. Witnessing Finnick’s blazing anger at such close proximity made her tremble uncontrollably. She couldn’t withstand his pressuring any longer. 
“Fine. I’ll tell you,” Shannon sobbed. She pointed a shaky finger and said, “Vivian’s in a pit over there. You’ll see it when you get closer.” 
“You pushed her down?” Finnick’s mouth ran dry. A fresh swell of rage rose in him. 
“I-I…” Shannon wanted to deny it, but Finnick’s stern expression made it impossible to lie. Her teeth chattered ever so slightly. It was like the words refused to leave her mouth. 
Shoving Shannon aside, Finnick pointed at her and said, “I’ll deal with you when we get back to the camp!”
Finnick sprinted in the direction that Shannon pointed to. He feared that he was already too late, that Vivian had already suffered unspeakable injuries. 
Meanwhile, a shiver rattled in Shannon’s chest as she thought of Finnick’s promise to deal with her later. Finnick’s powerful status and his promise to make me pay for lying… can I even keep my position in the magazine company? 
Moreover, if Vivian makes it out alive, she’ll surely fire me. She might even sue me and take this whole incident to court. People go to jail for intentional assault, don’t they? 
At this, Shannon staggered furiously towards the campsite. She couldn’t stay here anymore. She had to leave quickly before the two of them make their way back to the camp. 
Meanwhile, Vivian was trying her best to climb out of the pit; the sides of the pit were sky-high, and no matter how much she tried to climb, there just was no getting out.
###Chapter 693
Chapter 693 
The sharp pain on her foot was so unbearable that she had to sit down. As she took off her shoes, she realized that her foot had swollen into huge, red lumps. This made sense since she had twisted her ankle from falling earlier. On top of that, she flung herself up the pit’s sides and landed harshly on her feet countless times. It’s no wonder her foot swelled badly. 
The sky was darkening by the second, and the forest’s temperature dropped rapidly around Vivian. It wasn’t long before she was trembling from the cold. 
How will Shannon explain my disappearance to everyone when she gets back? Will they come looking for me? Am I really going to spend the night in this cave? What if a wild animal shows up suddenly? 
These thoughts ricocheted in her mind, bouncing back and forth furiously. Her heart raced with fear. What if no one finds me? What do I do? Will I die here? 
No, absolutely not! She still had to take care of Larry. There was no way that she was letting anything bad happen to herself. 
Vivian hurriedly pulled out her phone, but there was no signal. White-hot anger blurred her thoughts as she threw her phone aside. Latching onto the hope that someone might still pass by, she shouted at the pit’s opening, “Is anyone there? I’ve fallen in. Please help me, anyone!” 
She called out again and again. Her voice had become hoarse and grated, but there was still no response. 
Spending a night in zing temperatures without any source of heat… I’m going to ze to death, aren’t I? To make things worse, her foot was starting to ache. Hopeless desperation engulfed Vivian.
Just when she had surrendered to fate completely, a familiar voice sounded from above. It was deep and shaky with anxiety. “Vivian, are you okay? Is everything alright down there?” 
Had someone finally come for her? Hope swelled in Vivian’s chest. Looking up, her eyes widened in surprise. Finnick crouched at the pit’s opening and leaned in. He stared at her with a face full of worry. 
She was moved, not expecting him to be the one to find her. But her delight didn’t last long. It was immediately replaced by an inexplicable sourness in her chest. Wasn’t he taking his sweet time fetching water with Charlotte? Why is he here now? 
Not getting any responses from Vivian, Finnick thought she must have been hurt badly. Pressing on the pit’s edge with one hand, he launched himself down without a trace of hesitation. 
He approached her anxiously and immediately noticed her bright red, swollen foot. It had become more unsightly as purplish-green bruises surfaced her skin. Distress sank his spirits. He crouched down and leaned in closer. His hands hovered above her ankle, not daring to touch it for fear that it would only worsen her injury. 
“Does it hurt?” He looked up at Vivian, his eyes filled with immense concern. Then he mentally yelled at himself for asking such a dumb question. It swelled up to double its size! How could it not hurt? 
Seeing Vivian tremble, Finnick immediately peeled off his jacket and placed it on her. “I’m sorry, Vivian. I got here too late, but everything’s okay now. Don’t be scared. We’ll get out of here soon.” 
Touched by Finnick’s warm and gentle actions, tears welled in Vivian’s eyes. She gnawed on her bottom lip and scoffed stubbornly, “Weren’t you with Charlotte? Why’d you come looking for me?” 
Finnick didn’t know whether to be offended or laugh at the obvious jealousy in Vivian’s tone.
His fingers brushed against Vivian’s lips, stroking them lightly to stop her from biting herself. He soothed, “Don’t jump to your own conclusions. There’s nothing going on between us. Besides, didn’t you arrange for us to go together?” 
Finnick eyed her reproachfully before continuing, “I’m not into char-whatever that woman’s name is. The one I like… the one I truly care for has always been you. Don’t ever shove me into another woman’s arms again, okay? I’ll feel hurt if you keep doing that.” 
Vivian could no longer hold back. Tears poured down her face as a thousand emotions fluttered in her; she felt wronged, yet at the same time sorrowful, frightened, and there was also an indescribable joy. 
Wiping her tears away, Finnick’s arms wrapped around her in a warm embrace. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry, Vivian. This is my fault. It’s because I didn’t look for you sooner… you must’ve been terrified.”
###Chapter 694
Chapter 694 
Vivian lay in Finnick’s arms, choking and sobbing. She had no idea where her boundless emotions sprouted from, nor did she think she was capable of producing so many tears; but she hadn’t cried like this for a very long time. 
As he patted Vivian’s shoulder, Finnick’s heart filled with self-blame. She must have been really scared to be bawling so violently… why didn’t I search for her sooner? 
“Try to calm down, okay? Let’s find a way out of here. We have to deal with your injury first. Also, the temperatures here are too low. You might get hypothermia if we don’t get you out soon.” 
A bright pink flushed across Vivian’s face. She felt embarrassed; she had never expected to cry so miserably in front of Finnick. She broke away from his embrace and wiped her tears. “My foot’s injured though, how do we get out now?” 
Finnick suppressed the gut-wrenching pity that surged in him. He needed to be calm. He eyed the height of the pit’s walls and said, “Step on my shoulders. You should be able to get to the top. Then once you’re out, I’ll jump out of this pit by myself.” 
“Okay,” Vivian nodded. They had to try, there was no other way. 
“How’s your foot?” Finnick asked. He eyed her red and swollen foot warily. What if she gets hurt again? 
Sensing great concern in his tone, Vivian’s face flushed pink. “It should be fine. This is the only way to get out.” 
“Bear with it for now, okay?” Finnick petted Vivian’s head. He continued, “Climb onto my shoulders slowly. Be careful.”
Then Finnick crouched into position with his back facing her. At this, a tear trickled down Vivian’s cheek again. Even she had to admit that his sincere actions touched her completely. 
Vivian stepped carefully onto Finnick’s shoulders. To steady herself, her hands pressed against the soil wall before her. “Okay, I’m on. You can slowly stand up now.” 
At Vivian’s mark, Finnick stood cautiously. He didn’t want to risk making big movements that could cause Vivian to fall over. 
They reached upwards, little by little until Vivian’s body made it halfway out of the pit. Vivian grabbed onto the weeds near the pit’s opening and gradually pulled herself out. 
Below, Finnick was starting to feel uneasy. He asked, “Are you out yet, Vivian? Is your foot okay?” 
“I’m fine. Can you get out by yourself?” Vivian responded. The pit was definitely not shallow. It made her worry if he could make it out on his own. 
“I’ll be okay,” Finnick’s voice echoed from below. “You should stay away from the pit. I don’t want to bump into you when I land.” 
Heeding Finnick’s words, Vivian darted farther from the pit. 
Finnick picked up some branches at the bottom of the pit. Using their sharp ends, he carved out dents that were big enough for his feet to grab onto in the soil wall. He ran a couple of steps in place to prepare himself. Then he lunged at the two dents in the wall and climbed up with his feet on them. 
“Are you okay?” Vivian asked. Her voice bubbled with joy when she saw Finnick climb out of the pit. 
“I’m fine.” Finnick patted down his chest, dusting the soil off. He approached her with a gentle smile. His arms reached out to scoop her into a bridal carry.
“You don’t have to carry me,” Vivian said. She dodged his arms in a flash and continued. “I can walk just fine on my own.” 
“Vivian,” Finnick sighed. He sounded hurt as if he felt dejected at Vivian’s avoidance. 
“Your foot is badly swollen, and it’s getting darker. We have to get you back quickly so that we can deal with your injury. Imagine how long we’ll take if you waddle the whole way. What will we do if we get lost again and it’s completely dark out?” 
Makes sense. Vivian couldn’t find a single reason to refute his logical explanation. 
Seeing Vivian grow silent in defeat, Finnick stepped forward and scooped her into his arms. Then she subconsciously wrapped her hands around his neck. 
When she finally realized how intimate her action was, Vivian’s arms recoiled. However, Finnick stopped her immediately. “Leave them there. It’ll help save some of my strength.”
###Chapter 695
Chapter 695 
She didn’t know how to refuse after hearing him say that. After all, he was the one working up an awful sweat to get them back. She could only hide her furiously blushing face and continue to hold onto his neck. 
Seeing Vivian snug in his arms, Finnick spoke with a voice full of self-blame, “Everything that happened today is my fault, Vivian. It’s because I didn’t protect you well enough. I promise, this will never happen again. I’ll always protect you and keep you out of harm’s way.” 
Vivian’s heart sped up erratically again. She felt herself falling for Finnick’s eyes that were filled with deep affection. 
No. If this keeps up, I might actually fall in love with Finnick again… 
She hurriedly turned her gaze away. Vivian lowered her head to avoid seeing Finnick. “Let’s head back. Everyone’s probably worried sick about us.” 
After seeing Vivian react so evasively towards his affection, a streak of pain flashed in Finnick’s eyes. How long will I have to wait until she accepts me again? 
Finnick’s lips curved into a soft smile, disguising his sorrow. “Alright, let’s head back now.” 
None of them spoke on their way back. Finnick was worried about the state of Vivian’s injury. All he wanted was to send her back safely and quickly. On the other hand, Vivian kept silent because she felt embarrassed. 
But he did rescue me… Vivian hesitated before saying, “Finnick. Thanks for saving me this time. I don’t know when I would been found if it weren’t for you.”
Finnick lowered his head to get a better look at her. “You don’t have to be so formal with me. I already said, this whole thing is my fault. It happened because I didn’t protect you.” 
“How are you to be blamed?” Vivian retorted anxiously. “It’s all because I’m dumb. I trusted someone that I shouldn’t have.” 
Thinking back to how Shannon mocked her, Vivian’s anger burned like wildfire. I’m so stupid. I knew that Shannon had it in for me, yet I still trusted her earlier today. 
“Fire Shannon once we get back. You can’t keep people like her around you,” Finnick warned. Although he spoke softly, his gaze hardened with a coldness. 
Thoughts about avenging Vivian swirled in Finnick. I’ll have Noah deal with that problematic Shannon. I’ll ensure that she will never get within a hair’s length near Vivian again. Something like this can never happen a second time. 
“You knew that she tricked me?” Vivian asked in surprise. 
“I found her before you. She said that you were separated, but I didn’t believe her. After I threatened her, she eventually admitted to harming you and told me your location.” 
So that’s what happened. The pieces were finally coming together. Vivian suddenly asked, “Then did Sarah manage to get back to camp? Was she hurt?” 
This woman! She’s already in great pain, yet she still has the heart to worry about someone else’s well- being. 
Even though this pissed Finnick off, he chose to suppress his simmering anger and replied, “She’s fine. She just got lost on her way back, so it took her a while.”
Relief washed over Vivian after hearing Finnick’s answer. She was grateful that Sarah made it back safe and sound. 
Seeing Vivian so relieved, Finnick couldn’t help but wish that she could be a little bit more selfish and take better care of herself. She worries too much about others instead of focusing on her own needs. But then again, isn’t that why I fell for her in the first place? Because of her kindness? 
Finnick chuckled wryly and shook his head. He felt like a hypocrite for having such contradictory thoughts. 
At this, Vivian frowned and asked quizzically, “What are you laughing at?” 
“Nothing.” After relying this, Finnick kept silent and picked up his pace. What’s important now is to get back quickly and send Vivian to the hospital for treatment. 
Not long after, they arrived at the campsite. 
Everyone secretly sighed as they saw Finnick approaching with Vivian in his arms. Though relieved and pleased, they couldn’t help but feel curious at the two’s intimate posture. 
Didn’t Ms. Morrison try to get Charlotte and Finnick together by asking them to fetch some water? But now she’s being carried back bridal style by Finnick? Does Ms. Morrison still have feelings for her ex- husband or not? Their relationship is so confusing… Will they rekindle their marriage?.
###Chapter 696
Chapter 696 
Sarah caught sight of Vivian’s injured foot just as everyone else was contemplating their relationship. 
“Vivian!” She hurried over. Her voice cracked when she saw Vivian’s injury. “I’m so sorry, Vivian. It’s all my fault. You got injured because of me.” 
“You have nothing to do with this. Stop crying.” Vivian comforted Sarah. She tugged at Finnick’s arm, hinting at him to put her down. However, Finnick brushed her off and continued to carry her in his arms. 
Everyone else quickly came forward to check on Vivian’s injury after hearing Sarah’s words. 
“I asked Shannon about your whereabouts upon her return, but she wouldn’t tell. She packed her bags and left in a hurry. We were so worried about you. How did you get hurt?” Caroline’s heart ached for her as she stared at her swollen foot. 
“It’s nothing. I accidentally fell down and sprained my ankle.” Vivian didn’t want to speak ill of others behind their backs. She figured she would talk to Shannon privately about it. 
“Then let’s pack up and leave now. Ms. Morrison, you need to see the doctor!” 
“That’s right. I’ll go pack up right away.” 
Nobody was in the mood to play anymore after seeing Vivian’s seriously injured leg. 
Vivian felt sorry to see them pack up and leave because of her. After all, it wasn’t easy to get everyone together on this trip. How could they just up and leave because of her? 
Just as she was about to speak up, Finnick said, “You guys should carry on with your vacation. I will take Ms. Morrison to the hospital. Don’t worry, she’ll be in good hands.”
Nobody commented any further upon hearing Finnick’s words. They figured Mr. Norton might want to take this chance to woo Ms. Morrison. Nobody wanted to get in his way. 
Since nobody else had anything to say, Finnick bid goodbye and left with Vivian in his arms. 
He carried her all the way to the hospital and watched as the doctor bandaged Vivian’s leg. Finnick reached out to Vivian when he saw her tightly knitted brows. “Vivian, bite my hand if you’re in pain. I heard it helps.” 
Vivian was amused as she pushed his arm away. “No need. I’m not in that much pain.” 
She felt touched by Finnick’s actions even though she rejected his offer. He was every bit as good to her as he used to if she didn’t take into account everything else. 
After bandaging, Finnick insisted that he carry her back, but she felt bad and wouldn’t let him. 
They finally came to an agreement and Vivian allowed Finnick to piggyback her back to the hotel. 
As he trudged down a quiet lane with Vivian on his back, her heart swayed. She could feel the gentle warmth emanating from him. She had imagined this heartwarming scene five years ago. 
Five years ago when they were planning for a trip, she had imagined that Finnick would carry her on his back just like that as they walked down a small lane. They would admire the scenery as he strolled through the streets with her on his back, just like every other loving couple. 
“Finnick.” Vivian couldn’t help but said, “Can I ask you something?” 
“What is it?” Finnick paid close attention to Vivian’s legs as he spoke. He was afraid he would accidentally hurt her.
“Why did you decide to come back for me when you have so many good options around you?” Vivian tilted her head, looked Finnick in the eye, and asked. She had been puzzling over the matter for a long time now. 
Finnick stopped in his tracks, turned around, and looked at Vivian affectionately. “Vivian, but they’re not you. You are my one and only. Where else can I find someone like you?” 
Vivian teared up upon his confession. “What if I’m not as good as you think? I’ve changed a lot in the past five years. What if I’m no longer the Vivian you once knew?”
###Chapter 697
Chapter 697 
“You are perfect in my eyes.” Finnick cut her off. “Vivian, I know who I’ve fallen in love with. I love you, no matter how much you’ve changed, no matter if you’re still the Vivian I met five years ago. You are the apple of my eyes.” 
Tears rolled down her cheeks as she looked him in the eye. Something stirred deep inside. Is this true? Could he have spoken from his heart? 
It felt as if they were the only ones left on the streets as they stared into each other’s eyes. 
“Vivian, I love you,” Finnick spoke up. “Then, now, and forever. You are my one and only.” 
Vivian’s heart stirred when she saw the sincerity in his eyes during his confession. She suddenly recalled Fabian once told her that there might be more to what happened years ago than meets the eye. 
She felt a wave of hope as she contemplated the possibility of it. Could it all have been a misunderstanding? 
“Finnick.” Vivian’s heart drummed as she took a deep breath. “Five years ago, did you…” 
Vivian stopped mid-sentence. She was afraid that his answer would crush her. Is this really going to be the end for us if it really is Finnick’s doing? 
“What?” Finnick turned serious when he heard her earnest tone. 
Just do it. I have to get to the bottom of things. Plucking up her courage, Vivian asked shakily, “Did you get Noah to…”
Just as Vivian was about to voice her question, her phone suddenly rang. 
She took out her phone and saw that it was from the hospital where Rachel was admitted to. Based on her past experiences, it was always bad news whenever the hospital calls. Is something wrong with Rachel again? 
The doctor’s anxious voice rang out the moment she picked up the call with shaky hands. “Is this Rachel William’s daughter, Vivian?” 
“Yes, it’s me. Is there something wrong with her?” Vivian grew nervous when she heard the doctor’s anxious tone. 
“Your mother is having a relapse and needs to undergo surgery immediately. Or else she might die. You and your family should come to the hospital as soon as possible.” 
What? How could Rachel get so ill all of a sudden? Vivian panicked. “OK, doc. I will head to the hospital immediately. Please take good care of her. Don’t worry about the bills. Please make sure she’s okay!” 
“This is our responsibility as a doctor. We will do our very best. I hope you can get here as soon as possible, or else we’re not able to perform surgery on her.” 
“OK. OK. I will get there as soon as I can.” After hanging up the call, Vivian said to Finnick anxiously, “Finnick, let’s hurry back to our hotel to get our passports. I want to go home, now!” 
As Finnick hurried back to the hotel with Vivian on his back, he asked Vivian why she was in such a hurry to head home. “What happened? Is something wrong with your mother?” 
“Yes.” Vivian was at a loss of what to do. “The doctor said she has a relapse and needs to undergo surgery immediately. That’s why I need to head back now. Nothing must happen to her.”
“Vivian, don’t panic.” Finnick tried his best to calm her down. “I’ll get Noah to book the earliest flight back. Your mother will be fine. Don’t scare yourself.” 
“Right. I mustn’t panic.” Vivian forced herself to calm down upon his words. She then picked up her phone and called home. 
She had to get Benedict to head to the hospital to take care of Rachel first since it would take some time for her to get there even if she boarded the first flight back.
###Chapter 698
Chapter 698 
The phone rang for a long while but nobody picked up, making Vivian extremely nervous again. Come on, pick up! 
“This is the Morrisons. Who is this?” Somebody finally picked up the call. 
“Lily, it’s me. Is Ben home?” Vivian immediately asked for Benedict when she realized that it was one of the servants who had picked up. 
“Mr. Morrison has gone on a business trip to Beskary. What’s the matter, Ms. Morrison? Do you need me to give him a call?” Lily answered respectfully. 
“He’s out of the country!” Vivian felt helpless. There is nobody else I know who can help in the country. What should I do? 
At the moment, Finnick had already reached their hotel. He quickly consoled her when he heard her phone conversation. “Vivian, did you forget about me? I will get someone to take care of things at the hospital, don’t you worry.” 
A sense of relief washed over her when she heard his words. “Thank you, Finnick.” 
After placing Vivian down on the sofa in the hotel’s lobby, Finnick instructed, “I will get Noah to book our flight back. Wait for me here. I will get our passports and join you as soon as I can.” 
“Okay. Hurry on.” Vivian wished she could go back right this instance. 
Finnick gave her a reassuring pat on her shoulder and quickly entered the elevator.
He came back down after a short while, picked Vivian up and headed out of the hotel. “Noah is waiting for us at the airport. Let’s hurry.” 
Vivian was worried sick on the way to the airport. She wouldn’t be able to take it if anything were to happen to Rachel even though she sided with Evelyn and broke her heart. After all, she was the one who brought her up. 
Feeling how frightened Vivian was, Finnick reached out to hold her hand. Don’t worry, Vivian. Nothing will happen with me around.” 
Vivian felt thankful for Finnick. His presence made her feel safe and she trusts him with all her heart, just like how they used to be. 
She burned with anxiety on the way to the airport and boarded the first flight out. Finnick wanted Vivian to rest on the plane since he was worried about her injured leg. He gave her reassurance that everything will be alright with him around. 
However, Vivian couldn’t really get proper rest because she was so worried about Rachel’s condition. The plane finally landed after what seemed like a long anxious wait. 
Vivian immediately got Finnick to send her to the hospital the moment the plane touched down. She was finally able to breathe a sigh of relief when they reached Rachel’s ward. 
At that moment, Rachel was lying on the bed unconscious. She had lost a few pounds and there was a bluish tint on her skin. Tears welled up in Vivian’s eyes when she saw the poor condition Rachel was in. How did all this happen? 
Afraid that her cries would wake Rachel, Vivian covered her mouth as she sobbed and limped out of the ward with Finnick right behind.
The moment they left the ward, Vivian couldn’t hold her tears back any longer, threw herself into Finnick’s arms, and sobbed her heart out. 
Finnick gently caressed her back and consoled, “It’ll be okay. Rachel can undergo surgery now that we’re back. I will get her the best specialist. She will be fine. Don’t cry.” 
Vivian nodded fiercely. She felt like Finnick was her pillar of strength at the moment. She couldn’t imagine what she would do without him. 
Finnick wrapped his arms tightly around Vivian and allowed her to cry her heart out. He figured that was the only way for her to release all her pent-up emotions. 
“Vivian?” Vivian suddenly heard someone calling out to her as she was sobbing into Finnick’s chest. 
She quickly rubbed her eyes, raised her head, and saw that it was Hunter. He was staring at her in shock from the end of the corridor.
###Chapter 699
Chapter 699 
Vivian broke away from Finnick, feeling shy. She never expected to meet a friend here. “Hunter, how is your injury? Are you healed?” 
“Almost. The doctor suggested that I stay here for a few days.” Hunter asked in an anxious tone, “But why are you here? What happened?” 
He heard a woman crying on his way to the washroom, turned to see who it was out of curiosity, and saw a familiar figure. Isn’t that Finnick? What is he doing here? 
He couldn’t help but walked over to take a closer look. Hunter soon realized that it was Vivian crying in Finnick’s arms. 
“It’s Rachel. She has leukemia and is having a relapse right now. It’s bad. I…” Tears streamed down her face once again at the mention of her mother. 
Finnick’s heart ached for her as he reached out to wipe her tears away. He placed an arm around her and consoled, “It’ll be okay, I’m here, she’ll be fine. The doctor said she has a high chance of survival if she undergoes surgery immediately. Don’t scare yourself. Don’t cry.” 
“Hmm.” Vivian nodded as she wiped her tears away. “You’re right. She will be fine. I mustn’t break down, I still have to take care of her.” 
Hunter clenched his fists tightly when he saw how deeply in love they were with one another. 
He had just been hospitalized for a short amount of time. What in the world happened? How did they get so close? Has Vivian decided to get back together with Finnick?
Although he was burning with jealousy at the sight before him, Hunter’s heart couldn’t help but ached when he saw her red swollen eyes. 
“Vivian, calm down. Ms. Rachel will be fine. Do you need my help? I will do everything in my power to help you.” 
Vivian felt grateful toward Hunter. However, Finnick spoke up before she could even say anything. “We appreciate your kind offer, Mr. Yates, but we have everything under control now.” 
Hunter’s eyes flashed with anger when he met Finnick’s gaze. Is he staking his claim over Vivian? He’s thinking too highly of himself. They’re already divorced. 
Finnick didn’t shy away from Hunter’s gaze as he tightened his arms around Vivian. Hunter wished he could pull them apart right this instance as he watched on with rage. 
Just as a fight was about to break out between the two men, the doctor hurried over and said, “Who is Rachel William’s family? She needs to undergo surgery now. Please get in touch with her bone marrow donor and get her to come over immediately to prepare for the surgery.” 
“OK. OK. I’ll get her here at once.” Vivian replied. 
“Hurry up. Her condition is getting more severe as time passes. I will arrange for her surgery first while you get her bone marrow donor over. It’s best if we can perform surgery on her this afternoon.” 
The doctor left in a hurry after telling her what to do. 
She quickly called Evelyn’s nanny on the phone and told her to bring Evelyn over to the hospital immediately to prepare for Rachel’s surgery. 
“Give me their address. I will get Noah to pick them up. It’ll be faster that way,” Finnick offered.
Vivian looked at Finnick gratefully and told him Evelyn’s address. She then said to Evelyn’s nanny, “Please get ready and wait for us. Someone will come to pick the both of you up in a short while.” 
“Finnick, thank you so much.” Vivian thanked Finnick after he called Noah. 
Finnick smiled affectionately as he caressed Vivian’s head. “You’re most welcome.” 
Hunter felt like an outsider seeing them together. He felt ticked off. Do I still have a chance with Vivian? 
Noah soon arrived with Evelyn. She burned with jealousy when she saw the way Finnick was looking at Vivian.
###Chapter 700
Chapter 700 
However, it was important for her to make a good impression on Finnick in order to earn his forgiveness since it wasn’t every day she gets to meet him. 
“Vivian, is my mother okay? How is she?” Evelyn pretended to care as she quickly walked over and held on to Vivian’s hand. 
Vivian wanted to pull away subconsciously. She knew that Evelyn was just putting on an act in front of Finnick after everything that had happened. 
However, the thought of Evelyn being Rachel’s bone marrow donor stopped her from doing so. She said patiently, “She’s in critical condition now and needs to undergo surgery immediately. You should go get ready.” 
“OK. I’m ready whenever. As long as my mother recovers.” Tears flowed down Evelyn’s cheeks as she spoke. “She’s my only family now. How can I not care about her? Nothing must happen to her.” 
She turned around to check out Finnick’s reaction after saying those words, but Finnick didn’t even spare her a glance. 
She could only put up with it even though she felt disgruntled. After all, she had lost his trust. Evelyn figured she should focus on saving Rachel first in order to regain his trust before anything else. 
Finnick instructed Noah to inform the doctor that Evelyn had arrived so that they could prepare for her bone marrow biopsy and perform surgery on Rachel. 
Right before Evelyn was anesthetized, she pulled Vivian’s hand and confessed pitifully in front of Finnick. “Vivian, what happened five years ago was all my fault. I shouldn’t have listened to Mark and help him kidnap you. I’ve realized my mistakes now. Will you forgive me?”
Vivian glanced at Finnick. She knew Evelyn wasn’t apologizing to her, but to him. However, he didn’t even look in their direction. It was as if he couldn’t even hear them. 
Vivian felt glad that Finnick was deliberately ignoring Evelyn. She will never forgive him if he had forgiven Evelyn for her wrongdoings. 
Vivian pulled her hand away and turned to face Evelyn with a serious expression. “Let’s not talk about it now. The most important thing at the moment is to save your mother. Everything else can wait.” 
Evelyn clenched her fists but maintained the anxious look on her face. “You’re right. The most important matter at hand is to save my mother. But Vivian, before my biopsy, can you please forgive me for my wrongdoings? Or else I will feel really upset.” 
Evelyn was cursing Vivian in her head when she said that. This b**ch! She had agreed to save Rachel because she wanted Finnick to forgive her. How could Vivian not let her talk about it? Everything she had done had been in vain! 
No, she must earn Vivian’s forgiveness in front of Finnick today. That was the only way for her to gain Finnick’s forgiveness so that she could move back into Norton Residence once again. She would never give up her status as the lady of the house that easily. 
Vivian was at a loss of what to do next upon hearing those words. She couldn’t talk herself into forgiving Evelyn, but it would also be cruel of her not to do so since Evelyn was about to undergo bone marrow biopsy. 
Just as Vivian was contemplating what she should do next, Finnick finally spoke up. “We can talk about this later. You should cooperate with the doctor for the bone marrow biopsy first.”
With that, Finnick signaled the doctor to push Evelyn into the operating theater. Evelyn didn’t say anything anymore as she gazed at Finnick tearfully before she entered the operating theater. 
Vivian shook her head and smiled bitterly. Her words and his words had completely different effects even though they mean the same thing. 
“What is it?” Finnick asked out of concern when he saw Vivian’s strange expression.

###Chapter 701
Chapter 701 
“It’s nothing.” Vivian shook her head. It’s all thanks to Finnick that Evelyn would donate her bone marrow to Rachel. If not for him, I’m sure Evelyn would’ve never agreed to it. 
Soon, Evelyn was pushed out of the operating theater, and Rachel’s operation begun. 
“F-Finnick,” Evelyn whispered weakly as she reached out to him. Evidently, she wanted Finnick to hold her hand. 
The nurse beside her felt perplexed as she looked at Evelyn’s weak state. Although the donor would be weak after withdrawing bone marrow, they would not be weak to the point they could barely speak. 
When Finnick turned to see Evelyn’s outstretched hand, several emotions flashed past his eyes. Instead of responding to her, he said to the nurse at the side, “Send her to her ward to rest.” 
“No need!” Evelyn blurted out. Then, she realized that she needed to keep up her act, so she deliberately coughed softly and continued, “N-No need. I’ll wait for Mom to come out of her surgery. That way… That way, I’ll feel reassured.” 
“Sure.” With that said, Finnick turned his attention to Vivian instead. He consoled, “Don’t feel nervous. The surgeon is a well-known doctor in this field. Nothing will happen.” 
“Really?” Despite his reassurances, Vivian was still worried. 
“Yes.” Finnick held her hands. “He’s been researching about this for dozens of years. There are many patients he has saved from this, so nothing will go wrong.” 
“Okay.” Nodding to him, Vivian finally relaxed a little. As she stared at the doors of the operating theater, she prayed that the surgery would go well.
With one arm around Vivian’s shoulders and one hand holding hers, Finnick kept her company outside the operating theater. His physical presence was a silent comfort and strength for her. 
Staring at them, Evelyn, who had been adamant about staying outside the operating theater earlier, was about to explode in jealousy. Finnick didn’t even want to spare a word for me, who just donated my bone marrow, but he’s now so gentle with Vivian. Why? 
Snapping her head to the side, Evelyn realized Hunter was also glaring at Finnick and Vivian with his fists clenched. 
Unable to keep watching their intimacy, Evelyn voiced, “I’m not feeling too well. Hunter, send me back to rest.” 
Like her, Hunter could not bear to watch them any longer. He was afraid that if he continued, he would not be able to stop himself from punching Finnick. Hence, the moment he heard Evelyn’s words, he immediately agreed to push her away, albeit with a gloomy face. 
Finnick was expressionless when he saw the two leaving as if they were strangers, which they were to him. 
Not letting himself think more about the two that just left, Finnick continued consoling the nervous Vivian. 
After reaching a distance away from Finnick and Vivian, Evelyn finally let her anger out. There were no signs of her earlier weakness as she screeched at Hunter, “What’s wrong with you? Why are Vivian and Finnick together again? It’s been so long! Why haven’t you won her over?” 
“Have I not been staying in the hospital recently? Once I’m out of the hospital, I’ll definitely do my best to win Vivian over,” Hunter mumbled as he tried his best to tamp down the fury in him.
His half-hearted reply only made Evelyn angrier. “By the time you discharge from the hospital, they’ll be married!” 
No. I can’t stand aside and do nothing as they get back together. Evelyn racked her brain to come up with a plan to separate them, and soon, it appeared. 
A cunning glint flashed across her eyes as she gestured for Hunter to hunch over. Not knowing what evil plans Evelyn had again, Hunter warily leaned his ear toward her.
###Chapter 702
Chapter 702 
Right after he heard Evelyn’s words, he exploded in wrath. At Evelyn, he bellowed, “Evelyn Morrison, aren’t you sick of this already?” 
Of their many years of friendship, this was the first time Hunter had shouted at her. For a moment, Evelyn was dumbfounded. By the time she came back to her senses, she was enraged and embarrassed. 
“Why are you shouting at me?” Evelyn screamed at him, feeling humiliated by his words. 
Until now, she thought Hunter was her admirer. That was why she always felt superior whenever Hunter was around. Evelyn could not take it when she realized how rude he was to her a moment ago. 
“Are you actually asking me why I’m shouting at you? Don’t you know how harmful this is to Vivian? How can you do this to a girl?” 
Although he knew Evelyn had been coming up with ways to deal with Vivian, the plan she told him earlier still stunned him with how ruthless she was. He could not believe that she could actually think of trying to get people to assault and demean Vivian. 
“What’s wrong? That woman only has herself to blame for this. No one asked her to take Finnick away from me! This is what happens to those who try to take my things from me!” 
Evelyn felt that there was nothing wrong with her actions at all. On the other hand, Hunter’s agitated reaction rose her suspicion. He always knew she hated Vivian. Didn’t he promise to help me deal with Vivian earlier? Why is he shouting at me because of her now? 
Suspiciously staring at Hunter, Evelyn hissed, “Didn’t you say you’re going to help me deal with her? Why are you siding with her now? Have you fallen in love with that b*tch?”
“Can you be more civilized when you speak? Have some awareness of how you’re presenting yourself!” When Hunter heard the way Evelyn was addressing Vivian, he sincerely felt that not only was the woman vicious, but she was also uncultured. I must have been blind to have fallen in love with someone like her back then. 
“What’s wrong with how I present myself?” His words only made her more furious. “You really must have fallen in love with that b*tch, haven’t you? What’s good about her that all of you adore her so much?” 
“Vivian’s the best woman I’ve ever seen. So what if I’ve fallen in love with her?” By now, anger had overwhelmed Hunter’s rationality. He did not care that he was playing the role of a spy anymore as he confessed his love for Vivian. 
For a moment, his confession rendered Evelyn speechless. Finally, she could only squeeze out, “Y-You —” 
After taking in a deep breath, she hissed, “Don’t forget about your motive for getting close to her. Let me tell you, Hunter. You have to help me deal with her. If you don’t, I’ll tell Vivian that you were nothing but a sly fox approaching her. If Vivian finds out about this, do you really think she’ll still be friends with you?” 
“Ha!” Hunter scoffed. He had expected this from Evelyn, for this was the way she dealt with everything. Even now, she still thought of threatening him. However, this time, her plan was going to fall through. 
“I’ve confessed about this to Vivian a long time ago. If you want to tell her about it, go ahead.” As he spoke, he glared daggers at her. 
“Evelyn, I’m warning you. I hope you don’t think of executing plans like the one you told me about earlier. Don’t you forget what I do. If I find out that you’re going to hurt Vivian, I’m going to make sure
you’ll have a few years in jail.” 
“How dare you?” Evelyn screeched at him. “Aren’t you in love with me? How can you be in love with that ugly Vivian? Which part of her is better than me?” 
“Vivian is better than you in every way,” Hunter scoffed in disdain. “If you talk about ugly, I don’t think there’s any woman who has an uglier inside than you. To have fallen in love with a vicious woman like you is the most disgusting thing I’ve done in my entire life.” 
With that said, he shot a look of disgust at her before leaving. He truly did not want to waste any more time on a woman like her.
###Chapter 703
Chapter 703 
“Get back here, Hunter!” As she was bound to a wheelchair, she could only yell at Hunter’s retreating figure. “How dare you leave me here alone! I just came out of surgery! Are you even a man?” 
Hearing her loud voice behind him, Hunter only sneered in disdain before leaving the hospital. The entire time, he never spared her a single glance. Even if she were to drop dead right now, he would not feel any pity for her. 
When Evelyn realized Hunter was leaving without even giving her another look, she clenched her hands so hard she nearly broke her nails. 
Why? Why do all men around me like Vivian? What’s good about that ugly and b*tchy woman? Finnick and Hunter clearly loved me first. What spell does Vivian have them under? 
Rage thrummed through her veins as she thought, I’m never going to let Vivian off so easily. So what if Hunter doesn’t help me? I can still make Finnick and Vivian separate! 
With a scowl on her face, Evelyn swore. Vivian, just you wait. I’ll definitely make you suffer hundreds and thousands of times worse than the humiliation I’ve suffered today. 
Meanwhile, after Rachel’s surgery, Vivian had been keeping her company in the ward. As the anesthesia had yet to wear off, Rachel was still unconscious. 
Although the doctor said that the surgery was a success and that Rachel was out of danger, Vivian was still wracked with worry. Until she saw Rachel wake with her own eyes, her heart remained in her throat, unable to descend back to her chest. 
She had rushed back from Thymion and waited outside the operating theater for such a long time. By now, Vivian was exhausted. Yet, she dared not close her eyes to rest; she kept watching Rachel,
fearing that the other woman’s condition would worsen. 
All of the sudden, Rachel’s lips moved, but Vivian could not hear what she said. Afraid that Rachel was feeling unwell, Vivian swiftly leaned her ear to Rachel’s lips. Finally, she could hear Rachel’s mumbles. 
“Evelyn… E-Evelyn, my d-dear daughter. I miss you… Evelyn.” 
Upon hearing her words, Vivian slowly sat back down on her chair as melancholy surged into her heart. 
I’ve done so much for her, but at the end of the day, Evelyn is still her only daughter? What about me? We’ve depended on each other for over twenty years. Has Rachel ever think of me as her daughter? 
Wiping her tears away, Vivian stared at the mumbling Rachel in a daze. 
The woman in front of her was someone she once trusted and was closest to. Yet now, Vivian did not know how long it had been since she called Rachel “Mom”. This word used to be the word that supported me through thick and thin. When did I become unable to call her that? 
At the thought of that, Vivian’s tears fell again. She’s my mother, and I’m her daughter. Why are we like strangers now? 
“Vivian.” Finnick’s voice suddenly came from behind her. Hurriedly wiping away her tears, Vivian plastered a smile on her face as she turned around. 
However, she could not conceal those reddened eyes of hers from Finnick. He walked toward her and cupped her cheeks gently. His heart aching, he asked, “Why are you crying again? Don’t worry. I’ve asked the doctor, and he told me that her surgery has gone smoothly. She’s no longer in any danger, so you can rest assured.” 
“Okay.” Vivian nodded before falling silent.
When he realized she did not look happier after hearing his reassurances, he could not help but wonder, Why is she upset if not for Rachel’s condition?
###Chapter 704
Chapter 704 
Finnick crouched down in front of Vivian and gently queried, “What happened, Vivian? You seem unhappy.” 
His questions sent a pang of sorrow into her heart, and she averted her eyes after a glance at him. Forcing a smile onto her face, she mumbled, “Nothing. How can I not be happy that the surgery went smoothly? I’m happy.” 
Finnick would not be easily fooled. He had seen the downcast look in her eyes, and he wanted to know what had happened. 
Straightening her and making her look at him, Finnick uttered, “Vivian, you have to tell me if there’s anything on your mind. Trust me. No matter how difficult it is, I’ll do my best to solve it for you.” 
The solemn look Finnick had in his eyes touched Vivian, but it also made her feel helpless. To Rachel, she only had one daughter—Evelyn. Vivian, the adopted daughter, was no one to her. How am I supposed to tell him about this? What can he do about it? 
“I’m really fine,” Vivian reassured him. “Thank you for today. Without you, the surgery would not have gone as smoothly as it did.” 
Finnick panicked when he realized Vivian still refused to be honest with him. He thought they were much closer after today, but it seemed like he was still not someone she could fully trust. 
“Vivian, we—” Right as Finnick was about to continue, Rachel began mumbling again. 
“Evelyn, Evelyn… Evelyn, c-come and see me. Evelyn…”
Turning to look at Rachel before spotting the desolation on her face, Finnick finally realized what she was upset about. 
He reached out to hold her hands as he whispered, “Vivian, don’t overthink it. Evelyn’s her biological daughter, so she’ll think about her a little more. Don’t take it to heart.” 
Hearing him, tears brimmed in Vivian’s eyes again. That’s right. Evelyn’s her biological daughter. It’s normal for a mother to think about her daughter. To Rachel, I’m still the adopted one. Naturally, I’m not as important to her as Evelyn. Why am I sad about that? 
When he saw Vivian’s reaction, he realized he had said the wrong words to her. For a brief moment, he wished he could punch himself. Why did I have to say that? I’m only making her even more upset. 
He pulled her into his arms and consoled, “It’s all right, Vivian. It’s all right. You still have me. No matter what happens, you’re always the most important person to me. I’ll always be by your side; I’ll never let you be alone.” 
Finnick had whispered plenty of sweet words to her while he was courting her, but none had moved her as much as the words he was saying now. Perhaps, it was because this was the moment she needed these words most. 
As she lay in his arms, tears streamed down her cheeks. Yet, as her tears escaped her eyes, so did the sorrow from her chest. Only when she was less tensed then did she realize how suggestive their position was. 
Breaking from Finnick’s arms, Vivian blushed. “It’s been a few days since we’ve come here. You must have many things to attend to. I’m fine here alone. You should go ahead with your work.”
However, there was no way Finnick would leave her here in the hospital alone. “We’ll talk about the company matters later. I’m worried to leave you here alone, so I’ll stay with you.” 
“It’s fine.” His words made her face heat up even more. “It’s not like you can do anything here anyway. I can take care of her by myself. Don’t worry.” 
“But—” 
“Hush. I really can do this by myself. You should get going.” 
Vivian sounded adamant, and when he thought about Noah’s urgent tone, he relented. “All right. I’ll go back to the office first. If anything happens, you have to call me right away. I’ll come to you immediately.”
###Chapter 705
Chapter 705 
“I know.” Vivian nodded gratefully. “Hurry.” 
“Call me if anything happens,” Finnick repeated anxiously before hesitantly retreating from the ward. 
Not long after Finnick left, Rachel woke. 
The moment Rachel opened her eyes, Vivian stood up and asked, “How do you feel? Do you feel unwell?” 
“I-I…” As Rachel had just woken up, her mind was still muddled. 
“You just came out of surgery,” Vivian informed. “The surgery went well, so you’re fine now. However, you need to make sure that you get adequate rest. The doctor said your body might show signs of transplant rejection in the beginning, but it’s temporary. You’ll be fine after enduring it. Let me call for a doctor to check you up now.” 
At that, Vivian turned, about to call the doctor. However, Rachel stopped her. “Vivian, where’s Evelyn? She just came out of surgery too. Is she… Is she fine?” 
When Vivian heard Rachel’s immediate concern for Evelyn upon her awakening, her heart ached even more. She had been running herself ragged for Rachel recently, but it seemed like Evelyn was the only one in Rachel’s heart; Rachel did not even feel upset about how Vivian had worked herself to the ground. 
Swallowing her misery, Vivian replied, “Evelyn’s fine. She has gone back to rest now. Once you’re better, I’ll ask her to visit you.”
“No! There’s no need for that,” Rachel blurted out. “She already has weak health. She… She must be even weaker now. You don’t need to rush her to visit me. Let her rest first.” 
“Okay,” Vivian murmured as her eyes watered. Pasting a smile onto her face, she continued, “I understand. Rest first, then. I’ll ask the doctor to do a checkup for you.” 
“Okay.” After hearing that Evelyn was fine, Rachel’s heart in her throat returned to her chest. Soon, she fell asleep again. 
When Vivian stepped out of the ward, she tilted her head back and took in a deep breath, forcing her tears to go away. It’s not the first time something like this happened. I should’ve gotten used to it. 
Walking toward the room where the doctors were, Vivian unexpectedly encountered Hunter around the corner. 
“Vivian! How’s Ms. Rachel?” Hunter was delighted to see Vivian, but when he saw her bloodshot eyes, his delight turned into heartache. 
She must be drained after these few days. Yet, there was nothing Hunter could do about it. 
“She has woken up, and I’m about to ask a doctor to check on her. Thank you for your concern,” Vivian answered with a smile. “How are you? Have you not recovered from your injury yet?” 
Every time Vivian thought about how Hunter was hurt because of her, she could not help but feel guilty. That was because other than the beginning, she never visited him. 
“It’s fine. I’m almost recovered.” Hunter shrugged as he returned the smile. Her concern for him made some of his prior delight return. “I actually plan to discharge from the hospital, but the doctor told me that it’s better for me to stay for another two days, so I’m still here.”
“It’s best that you leave the hospital only when you’re completely recovered,” Vivian muttered in worry. “It’ll be terrible if your recovery doesn’t go well.” 
“Okay,” Hunter beamed. However, it seemed like he thought of something, for his expression turned solemn again. 
“What’s wrong?” she asked when she noticed the change. 
“Vivian, you have to be careful these few days,” Hunter warned. “Evelyn tried to get me to help her set you up again yesterday, and in my anger, I revealed to her I won’t be helping her anymore. However, I’m scared that even without my help, she’ll still try to hurt you. That’s why you have to be careful.” 
Vivian narrowed her eyes after hearing Hunter’s words. I can’t believe Evelyn still hasn’t given up on her plan to sabotage me. 
“I understand. I’ll be careful. Thank you,” Vivian uttered sincerely. “I’ll be looking for the doctor now, then. You be careful too.” 
“Okay. Hurry on.” Hunter waved at her.
###Chapter 706
Chapter 706 
After getting the doctor to check up on Rachel and making sure she was fine, Vivian’s heart finally lowered back into her chest. 
In the following days, Vivian remained in the hospital taking care of Rachel. During those days, Evelyn came to visit several times, but both of them knew that her visit was not due to her concern for Rachel’s health. 
As Finnick was worried about Vivian being alone in the hospital, he went there to keep her company whenever he was . That was the main reason for Evelyn’s continuous visits to the hospital. 
Every time she saw Finnick, she would gaze at him with watery eyes. She would then apologize, hoping that he could forgive her. Rachel could not bear to watch her daughter’s miserable look. Naturally, she helped her to persuade Finnick that Evelyn did not mean to do what she did and for him to give her a chance. 
Finnick could ignore Evelyn, but he could not do the same to Rachel, especially since the older woman was still recovering from her surgery. After the scene repeated several times, Finnick informed Vivian about his decision. From then on, he rarely visited the hospital. 
Meanwhile, as Vivian was too busy taking care of Rachel, she had forgotten to ask Finnick about the incident from five years ago. 
“Vivian, why isn’t Finnick coming to the hospital recently?” Evelyn asked sweetly as she held onto Vivian’s hand in front of Rachel. 
In response, Vivian retracted her hand and did not try to conceal the hatred in her eyes. “How would I know? Maybe he’s busy at work. If you want to meet him, you can meet him in his office.”
Evelyn immediately teared up at that. It was as if she did not sense Evelyn’s hatred for her, for she grabbed Vivian’s hands again and sobbed, “I want to meet him, but… but Finnick won’t want to see me. Vivian, help me, please. Can’t you invite him out to meet me?” 
“This is between him and you. There’s nothing I can do about it.” Prying her hand away from hers again, Vivian rose to her feet and kept a distance away from Evelyn. She’s always acting like this. As long as Rachel is around, she’ll pretend as if she’s on good terms with me. It’s disgusting. 
“Vivian, how can you talk in that way with Evelyn?” Rachel reprimanded. Her heart broke with how Vivian kept dismissing Evelyn. 
“Evelyn already knows that she’s in the wrong for what happened back then. What’s wrong with helping her meet with Finnick? You can’t lose your trust in her forever just because of one mistake of hers!” 
“Yes, Vivian, I know I’ve done wrong. I won’t do anything to hurt you again. I swear!” Evelyn quickly added. 
“I’ve already divorced Finnick, so I don’t have a say about who he meets and who he doesn’t,” Vivian fumed. She could no longer suppress her anger anymore. I’ve been slaving away taking care of Rachel, but all I get is a reprimand. 
“Evelyn, if you want to meet Finnick, go ahead. I’m no one to him and vice versa. I have no right to decide whether he forgives or not.” 
With that said, Vivian took her phone and left the ward. 
After exiting the hospital, she hailed a cab back to the Morrison residence. Recently, she had been exhausted, both mentally and physically. All she wanted now was to have a long rest, or else she would have a mental breakdown.
When she reached home, she realized Benedict was still not home from his trip. Similarly, Larry was not around; he was still in school. After greeting Ms. Booker, the nanny, she headed straight to her bedroom to sleep. She was simply too tired for anything else. 
It had been days since she had a good rest, so her sleep was a deep one. In fact, she did not even dream. By the time she woke, the sky was already dark. 
Rubbing her eyes, Vivian sat up on the bed. Right then, the scent of corn soup from downstairs wafted across her nose and made her stomach growl.
###Chapter 707
Chapter 707 
Is Ben back? With that thought, Vivian changed and went downstairs. To her surprise, the one cooking was not Benedict but her son, Larry. 
“Little pumpkin, what are you doing?” When Vivian walked to the kitchen doorway, she could see the boy standing on the stool, stirring the soup with Ms. Booker’s help. 
“Mommy, you’re up!” Upon noticing his mother by the doorway, Larry jumped off the stool. “Mommy, did you have a good sleep? Where have you been these few days?” 
With a smile, she lifted him into her arms and poked his cheek. “A lady was sick, so I’ve been taking care of her in the hospital. How have you been?” 
From their return to the country until now, Vivian had yet to bring Larry to visit Rachel. Partially, she was afraid of Finnick realizing they had a child. Another reason was that every time she thought about how Rachel only had Evelyn in her heart, she felt disinterested in letting her know about Larry. 
“Then, is that lady all okay now?” Larry asked with wide eyes. 
“Yes.” Vivian smiled as she tapped his forehead. “She’s fine now. Can you tell me what you are making?” 
“I’m making corn soup for you, Mommy.” Jumping off Rachel’s arms, Larry ran back to the stove and looked into the pot. “Ms. Booker told me that this soup is good for you. I was sure that you’ll be hungry after you wake, Mommy, so I asked Ms. Booker to teach me how to make this for you.” 
I see. Vivian’s heart melted at how her dear son was so concerned with her; all of her upset earlier was now washed away by how sweet her son was.
Walking to him, Vivian lifted the pot lid and said, “It looks like I can drink the soup now. Little pumpkin, why don’t you take two bowls for me? I want to have a taste of the soup that my little pumpkin made for me.” 
“Of course!” Larry exclaimed before sprinting toward the cabinet with his short legs. 
After turning off the stove, Ms. Booker politely informed Vivian, “Miss, please wait at the dining table with Mr. Larry. I’ll serve the soup to you.” 
“No need,” Vivian chuckled. “I can do it myself.” 
After all, this was the first time her precious son was cooking for her. How could she not serve the soup herself? 
“As you wish,” Ms. Booker replied with a faint smile before leaving. Mr. Larry’s a sweet boy. He’s already better than most kids just with how nice he is to his mother. 
“Here you go, Mommy.” Soon, Larry brought the spoon and bowl to Vivian. 
“Be a dear and wait for me at the dining table, will you? It’ll be bad if you scald yourself, little pumpkin,” Vivian instructed as she scooped the soup. 
“Okay.” Nodding obediently, Larry ran toward the dining table and sat down. 
At her son’s obedience, Vivian smiled. Fate is still good to me to have given me such a caring child. 
“Mommy, is it good?” Larry nervously asked when he saw Vivian put the spoon into her mouth. 
“Wow!” Vivian exclaimed dramatically. “It’s so good! Is my darling a cooking genius? How can his first cooking be so delicious?”
“Really?” Hearing her words, a bright smile crept upon Larry’s round face, and he promptly tried the soup. 
Even the boy himself felt that the soup was good, and he urged, “It really is good! Mommy, drink more of it!” 
Vivian patted his head endearingly before returning to her soup. Is it too hot? Why does it feel like my eyes are watering from the steam? 
“Mommy, can I ask you a question?” Larry carefully queried, having sensed that his mother was in a good mood today. 
“Of course,” Vivian replied with a smile. “What does my little pumpkin want to ask me?” 
“Mommy, how are you with Daddy? Can I… Can I meet Daddy?” On Larry’s face was a nervous look.
###Chapter 708
Chapter 708 
Vivian froze for a second. In the next, a wave of pain crashed into her heart like a tsunami. She walked toward Larry and lifted the boy into her arms. 
“Little pumpkin, do you want Daddy?” 
“Yes, of course!” Larry nodded fervently. “I even dreamt of Daddy accompanying me.” 
Looking at the desperation on Larry’s face, Vivian felt apologetic toward him. 
He should have been like the other kids; he should’ve had a happy childhood with his parents, but it’s already this tough for him to meet his father. If I’m to tell Finnick now that I didn’t lose the baby—that I gave birth to the baby in A Nation—he wouldn’t suspect that Larry’s not his, would he? Maybe I should give Finnick a chance. For Larry’s sake. For Larry to grow up happy and healthy. At the very least, I should listen to Finnick’s explanation about what happened back then. 
“Mommy, Mommy! Are you going to patch things up with Daddy?” Larry excitedly asked as he hugged her neck. 
Gazing into Larry’s eyes, Vivian answered, “Little pumpkin, I can’t guarantee that I can patch things up with Daddy, but I’ll give him a chance. The reason for my separation from your daddy back then was that Daddy did something to make me very upset. So I’m going to listen to Daddy’s explanation before I decide whether I’ll be with him again. Can you understand what I’m telling you?” 
“Yes, I understand.” The boy nodded excitedly. “I’m sure there’s some misunderstanding between Daddy and Mommy. Daddy wouldn’t do something to make Mommy upset, so Mommy, you have to listen to Daddy’s explanation, okay?” 
I hope that’s the case. Vivian stared at the boy’s serious expression.
After tucking Larry in, Vivian went to the living room to call Finnick. 
“Hello. Vivian, is there anything? It’s quite late.” Finnick was overjoyed that Vivian had called him, but at the same time, he was worried that she had encountered troubles. 
Finnick knew well that she was not calling because she missed him. 
“It’s nothing much, just…” Vivian trailed off, hesitating. “Thank you for helping me out so much a while back. Are you tomorrow? I’d like to thank you in person, and… and talk to you about other things.” 
“Of course I am,” came Finnick’s instant reply. “I’m always to meet up with you.” 
His sudden sweet words warmed her heart. For a moment, she was at a loss for a reply. Vivian remembered that Finnick was not good with sweet nothings like these. When did he learn how to speak like this? However, she had to admit that she was thrilled to hear him say them. 
When Finnick heard the prolonged silence from the other end of the line, he could imagine how red her face would be. Chuckling, he softly asked, “Vivian, where would you like to meet tomorrow? I’ll come to you.” 
“Huh?” His voice dragged her back to reality as her face flushed even redder. In fact, she started stuttering as well. “T-Tomorrow, m-my mother’s going to be discharged, so I have to send her home first. Pick me up after work from her place tomorrow night. You still remember the address, right?” 
“Of course I do,” Finnick replied. Even when his voice sounded robotic through the speakers, she could hear how gentle he spoke. “That’s settled, then. I’ll pick you up tomorrow.” 
“All right. See you tomorrow.” With a swift response, Vivian ended the call. Only after she took in two deep breaths, then could she feel her heartbeat slowing back down.
Although she had a fight with Rachel the day before, Vivian still went to pick her from the hospital the next day. At the end of the day, Vivian still could not bring herself to ignore her foster mother. 
However, when she arrived at Rachel’s ward, she realized Evelyn was there too. Halting in her tracks, the first thought that entered Vivian’s mind was to turn and leave. However, Rachel had already seen her. If Vivian were to walk away at that moment, things would turn awkward between Rachel and her.
###Chapter 709
Chapter 709 
“Vivian, you’re here!” Evelyn exclaimed, pretending to be excited when she saw Vivian by the doorway. “I thought you won’t be coming today.” 
Wheeling herself to Vivian’s side, Evelyn held onto her arm and muttered sweetly, “Vivian, I was wrong for what happened yesterday. Let me apologize to you. I’m sorry, you’re right. You and Finnick are divorced. I would be making things difficult for you by asking you to talk to him about my matters. I won’t voice unreasonable requests like this to you anymore. Just think of me for being insensible yesterday. Please forgive me.” 
Not in the mood to entertain Evelyn’s acts, Vivian pried her arm off and walked toward Rachel instead; it was as if Vivian had not heard Evelyn’s words at all. “I’m going to deal with the procedures for your discharge first. Pack up. When I come back, I’ll take them up the car.” 
When Evelyn noticed Vivian ignoring her, she clenched her fist as anger briefly crossed her face. However, in the next second, she looked like the epitome of misery again. 
Walking toward Vivian, Evelyn carefully asked, “Vivian, I really know I’m in the wrong now. Please forgive me. I’ll do my best to fix what I’ve done wrong from now on. Please give me a chance to change!” 
Anger stirred in Vivian as she watched Evelyn feign distress. At that very moment, she only wanted to yell at her to drop the act. 
However, Rachel was around, and it felt inappropriate for her to do so. With how important Evelyn was to her, if Vivian were to lose her temper with Evelyn, she was sure that Rachel would reprimand her for it.
Hence, she took in two deep breaths, trying her best to suppress the rage in her. Then, she continued ignoring Evelyn. She said to Rachel, “Pack up first. I’ll deal with the paperwork now.” 
“Vivian…” Evelyn ground her teeth at how Vivian completely ignored her, but on the surface, she maintained a sad look as she tried to stop Vivian. 
Spotting Evelyn about to come close to her, Vivian walked around her and continued to the doorways. 
“Vivian William, stop right there!” Rachel fumed when she saw her daughter getting ignored. “Evelyn already knows that she’s wrong. Why can’t you give her a chance? She’s so sincere in apologizing to you, so what’s the matter with your attitude?” 
Hearing Rachel’s reprimanding voice, Vivian’s eyes reddened as she halted in her tracks. However, she did not turn around as she said in a calm voice, “What would you like me to do?” 
“Evelyn didn’t mean to do it back then, and nothing happened to you,” Rachel continued, having not noticed Vivian’s upset. “Not only has she donated her bone marrow to save my life, but she even took care of me until now. I can see that she really knows that she’s done wrong. Even if she did put you in a tight spot by asking you to talk to Finnick, she apologized to you today. How can you pretend as if you didn’t see her in the room?” 
Vivian’s tears fell as sorrow overtook her heart. Nothing happened to me back then? How can she say nothing happened to me back then? Evelyn made me escape the country in a haste, and she destroyed my marriage, forcing my son to grow up without his father’s companion. Do these mean nothing to Rachel, the mother I love? Moreover, Evelyn’s her daughter. Isn’t it her duty to donate her bone marrow to her mother and take care of her? I took care of her, too, for so many days. Does it mean nothing to her too? Does only Evelyn’s care mean something to her?
Reaching up to wipe away her tears, Vivian forced her voice to sound as level as possible. “I know. I’m the one who did things wrong.” 
With that said, Vivian left the ward without sparing them another glance. It was as if someone gripped tightly onto her heart, threatening to crush it. This will be the last time. Once Rachel is out of the hospital, I’d have returned the favor of her raising me. This will be it for our relationship. I’ll never see her again.
###Chapter 710
Chapter 710 
After dealing with the paperwork, Vivian returned to the ward. She was silent for the entire time while she carried the suitcase up the car and sent Rachel and Evelyn home. 
Evidently, Rachel sensed her anger. After her own fury dissipated, she realized she had gone overboard earlier. Vivian would naturally feel upset for her to be so protective of Evelyn. 
“Vivian,” Rachel muttered as she held Vivian’s hand with a smile. “I was a little too anxious when I saw Evelyn cry earlier, so I’ve said harsh words to you. Don’t take it to heart.” 
“It’s fine,” was Vivian’s only possible reply to how Rachel was putting her pride aside. 
Patting Vivian’s hand, Rachel chuckled, “Vivian, I know you’re a child with a big and soft heart. You must be tired after these few days. I’ll cook and make your favorite braised pork, okay?” 
It had been a long time since she heard Rachel talk to her in such a gentle way, and Vivian could not get used to it; it felt odd to her. After a moment of hesitating, she nodded. “Okay.” 
“I’ll make it right away.” With a smile, Rachel entered the kitchen. 
After her mother entered the kitchen, Evelyn blinked before touching the packet in her pocket. No one in the house noticed her sly grin. 
“Ms. Rachel, let me help you. You’ve just been discharged from the hospital, so you shouldn’t tire yourself out.” With that, Evelyn wheeled herself into the kitchen. 
“Okay, then Mom will…” Rachel abruptly stopped as she nervously looked at Evelyn. She knew Evelyn did not like her to call herself that way.
However, it seemed like there were no changes in Evelyn’s expression, so she sighed in relief. Then, with a bright smile, she announced, “Let me teach you the best way to make braised pork today.” 
“That’s great! Thank you, Ms. Rachel.” 
… 
Hearing the merry voices from the kitchen, Vivian, who was on the living room’s couch, felt her chest tighten. I’m the outsider now, aren’t I? 
While Rachel was not paying attention in the kitchen, Evelyn had lifted the lid of the pot and poured in the powder from the packet in her pocket. 
Staring at the powder that quickly dissolved into the soup, a malicious grin grew on Evelyn’s lips. Ha. Vivian, you’re doomed this time. 
“Vivian, wash your hands and get ready for your meal. Have a test and tell me whether my cooking has gotten better or not.” It seemed like her time with Evelyn had been a joyous one, as she was in high spirits. 
Walking over to look at the table full of dishes, Vivian’s heart skipped a beat. Ever since she returned from overseas, this was the first time she had eaten Rachel’s cooking. 
“All right,” came her reply before she sat down at the table. 
“Evelyn, hurry up and come over for your food.” After putting the plates on the table, Rachel returned to the kitchen to push Evelyn out. 
“Ms. Rachel, your cooking is still as good as ever. The food smells great,” Evelyn commented. 
“Is that so?” Rachel beamed. “I remember you used to love my food. Eat more today, then.”
“Okay.” Evelyn nodded fervently with a glowing smile. 
At the sight of the happy mother and daughter, Vivian’s heart sank. I’m the extra here. I should’ve left earlier. 
Vivian hung her head and quietly stirred her food. She was trying hard not to let her tears fall, but Rachel’s focus was not on her at all, so she never realized something was amiss with Vivian. 
“Evelyn, try these fried mushrooms and these beans. I remember you love these best.” Rachel kept putting more and more of the side dishes into Evelyn’s plate. Soon, what was on Evelyn’s plate was a mountain. 
“Thank you, Ms. Rachel,” was what Evelyn said. However, she was growling at her in her mind. With the kind of relationship Evelyn had with Vivian, it would be suspicious if she were to take the side dishes for Vivian. Therefore, the best candidate to do so was Rachel.
###Chapter 711
Chapter 711 
Why does she keep giving me the side dishes? She should be getting Vivian to try the braised pork! If she doesn’t do that, my plan will be ruined. 
“Evelyn, thank you for saving my life. When you were donating your bone marrow, you… you must have suffered. Does it hurt a lot?” As Rachel spoke, her eyes reddened, and her voice began to tremble. 
“It’s fine.” Evelyn hurriedly took a piece of tissue and handed it to Rachel. “It doesn’t hurt at all. Moreover, I should save you. I’m glad that you’re much better now.” 
“How can it not hurt?” Rachel muttered as she dabbed her tears away. “I’ve asked the doctor, and the doctor told me that the donor for bone marrow will have to rest well for a few months. However, you’ve been taking care of me this entire time. Are you tired?” 
Beside them, a bitter smile emerged on Vivian’s face as she listened to Rachel’s words. Evelyn’s been taking care of her this entire time? Other than pretending to be pitiful, what has she done during her visits? I’ve been the one to wipe her body, buy her meals, and get water for her. Why is Evelyn suddenly the one who did the most work? 
Meanwhile, Rachel continued, “Stay with me for a few days, Evelyn. I want to make sure that you’ll rest and recover well. You’re still young, and you can’t walk. It’ll be terrible if you’re in poor health.” 
“I understand. I’ll pay attention to my body. You’ve just recovered, and you need someone to take care of you too. I’ll only be trouble if I say here,” Evelyn said with a smile, but in her mind, she was scoffing in disdain. Staying with her? Disgusting.
“What are you talking about? How can you be trouble to me?” Rachel uttered gravely. “You mustn’t think that way. I’m more than willing to take care of you. I—” 
At Rachel’s adamant demeanor, Evelyn hastily changed the topic. “Vivian, why are you just eating the pasta? Why aren’t you having any of the side dishes? Ms. Rachel’s cooking is great.” 
Upon hearing Evelyn’s words, Rachel turned toward Vivian. Only when she saw the apparent upset on Vivian’s face, then did Rachel realize she had neglected her. 
“Vivian, it must have been difficult for you to take care of me in the hospital in the past few days. Look at you. You’re all skinny now. I’ve made your favorite braised pork, so have a try,” Rachel said as she gave some to Vivian. 
When Vivian realized Rachel was finally focusing on her, she did not know if she should feel happy or sad. All she could do was lift her head and squeeze out a smile at Rachel. “Thank you.” 
“There’s no need to thank me. Hurry on and eat,” Rachel answered, her frown relaxing. 
“Evelyn, you too.” Knowing that the two young women liked braised pork, Rachel did not eat any. Instead, she kept putting more and more pieces into Evelyn’s plate. “Try it. Is it the same as what you had when you were a kid? It took me a long time to prepare this.” 
“No need, but thank you, Ms. Rachel.” Evelyn quickly stopped her. “Ms. Rachel, have you forgotten that I withdrew my bone marrow a while ago? The doctor had told me to eat less oily food.” 
“That’s right! How could I have forgotten it? How careless of me,” Rachel cried out in a remorseful tone. My daughter has suffered for me, but I don’t even know how to take care of her. ”Evelyn, have more of the vegetables then. I’ll take note of it the next time I cook.”
Turning around, Rachel put the piece of meat into Vivian’s plate instead. With a smile, she voiced, “Vivian, eat more, then.” 
As Vivian took the piece of meat up, she wondered what words could describe what she was feeling at that moment. 
Maybe to Rachel, I’ll always be second to Evelyn. But that doesn’t matter. I’ve decided not to visit Rachel anymore. It’s good that the two of them can get along. At the very least, she’ll have someone to take care of her in the future. Those were the only words Vivian could use to console herself.
###Chapter 712
Chapter 712 
She gazed fixedly at the fork in Vivian’s hand, her eyes flickering with glee. Come on, hurry up and eat it! As long as Vivian swallowed those few pieces of braised pork, Evelyn’s plan would be halfway to completion. 
Vivian’s fork was practically hovering next to her mouth. As she watched morsel after morsel of braised pork disappeared down her throat, Evelyn got so excited that she had to fight to keep a straight face. 
You’re dead this time, Vivian! I’ll make sure no one will be able to rescue you! 
After dinner, Vivian stood up and went to bid farewell to Rachel. At that moment, however, the loud ring of the doorbell pierced through the air. Is Finnick here? Vivian sucked in an anxious breath. Why had he arrived so early? 
She walked over and opened the front door, feeling rather perplexed. To her surprise, however, it was Hunter who was standing by the doorway. 
What the hell is he doing here? 
“Hunter, what brings you here?” Vivian asked with an expression of shock on her face. How did he manage to find out Rachel’s address? I don’t recall ever telling him about it. 
Noticing the commotion at the door, Evelyn wheeled herself over in her wheelchair. When she saw that it was Hunter, a pleasantly surprised smile appeared on her face. “Hunter, you’re here!” 
“Vivian, I was the one who told Hunter to come over. He was supposed to have dinner with us, but he didn’t make it on time.” Evelyn turned to look sweetly at Hunter. “You missed out on a great meal! We just cleared everything away. Didn’t I tell you to come earlier?”
Seeing Evelyn’s desperate attempts to seem chummy with him, Hunter’s face clouded over ominously. He gazed at her without saying a word. 
He finally tore his eyes away from her and turned to look at Vivian with concern. He scanned her up and down, looking slightly afraid that something might have happened to her. 
Vivian seemed a little confused. “What’s going on, Hunter? Why are you looking at me like that?” 
“Nothing’s wrong.” Upon realizing that Vivian seemed perfectly alright, Hunter let out a quiet sigh of relief. “Have you eaten yet? Why don’t I send you home?” 
Since she had already made plans with Finnick, however, Vivian waved his suggestion off. “That’s alright. I’ll make my way back by myself later. Do you want to come in for a bite?” 
Before Hunter could reply, Evelyn jumped in and said, “Vivian, why don’t you let Hunter send you home? It isn’t safe for a girl to be out and about alone. Who knows what sort of trouble you might meet on the road?” 
With that, Evelyn wheeled around in her wheelchair and went to fetch Vivian’s handbag from the living room. She returned to the door and practically shoved the bag into Vivian’s hands. “Don’t worry, Vivian, I’ll do my best to help Ms. Rachel. You should return home with Hunter first.” 
Vivian didn’t sense anything wrong with Evelyn’s overwhelming enthusiasm. She thought Evelyn was only trying to make a match of her and Hunter again like she always did. 
She didn’t feel like arguing with Evelyn. Besides, Vivian wanted to leave anyway. Hence, she took her handbag from Evelyn and turned to Hunter. “Wait here for a bit. Let’s go back together.” 
Hunter nodded silently, and Vivian left for the kitchen to say goodbye to Rachel. After all, this could be the last time they ever saw each other.
She stood in the doorway of the kitchen, hesitatingly slightly. In the end, Vivian finally mustered up the courage to address Rachel by a title she hadn’t called her in a long time. “Mom,” she said, “a friend is here to pick me up. I’ll get going first.” 
Hearing that, Rachel turned around and wiped her hands on her apron. She walked over to Vivian, her face full of worry. Vivian had a distinct feeling that Rachel had something to say to her. 
“What’s wrong?” The look in Rachel’s eyes seemed familiar—it was the same look Hunter had in his eyes when he looked at her just now. Vivian felt a little perplexed. Why was everyone behaving so suspiciously around me today? 
Rachel opened her mouth as though to say something but closed it again in the end. “It’s nothing,” she muttered. After a pause, she added, “Be careful on the way home.” 
Now, Vivian knew for certain that Rachel was hiding something from her. Since the older woman seemed reluctant to tell her, however, Vivian didn’t see a point in pressing her for details. “Take care of your health, then. I’ll… I’ll get going first.” 
Vivian choked up slightly while speaking. Unable to hold herself back, she threw herself forward and enveloped Rachel in a big hug.
###Chapter 713
Chapter 713 
Farewell, Mom. 
As she watched Vivian walk into the kitchen, Evelyn shot Hunter a dark and meaningful look across the doorway. 
Seeing the shady smile on her face, Hunter had an ominous feeling in his heart. “What do you mean by calling me over here?” he hissed, sounding very wary indeed. 
Evelyn shrugged, looking rather nonplussed. She wheeled herself back to the living room and replied blandly, “I called you here to pick Vivian up, of course. You have a crush on her, don’t you? Since we’ve been friends for so many years, I decided to lend you a hand and create an opportunity for the two of you to get together. No need to thank me!” 
Hearing that, Hunter felt even more suspicious. There was no way Evelyn could be so kind-hearted. He stalked towards her, intending to ask more questions, but Vivian chose to come out of the kitchen at that very moment. 
“Hunter, let’s go,” she said. She didn’t seem to notice the tense atmosphere that was hanging over the two of them. 
Hunter shot one last look of consternation at Evelyn before he turned and left with Vivian without another word. 
As she watched them leave, Evelyn’s eyes were dancing with amusement. Hunter, you’ll have to thank me this time! I’ve delivered the most amazing present right to your doorstep. 
As they got into Hunter’s car, Vivian suddenly realized that Finnick might come over later and find that she was gone. Hence, she sent him a text message and told him to wait for her at the Morrison
residence. 
She put her phone away and turned to Hunter. In a curious voice, she asked, “Hunter, did Evelyn really call you over to have lunch with us today?” She couldn’t help but feel that Hunter was hiding something from her. 
“Yes,” Hunter said, nodding. “She sent me the address just now, told me that she was having lunch with you, and asked if I wanted to join. But you know how we got into that horrible fight the other day, right? I wanted to ignore her, but I was afraid that she might have done something horrible to you. I was so worried that I decided to drop by in the end.” 
Then, he shot a look of concern at Vivian. “You’re feeling alright, aren’t you? Did she do anything to you?” 
Hearing that, Vivian felt a little warier. However, as she thought back on the events of the evening, she couldn’t find anything suspicious about it. 
“I’m alright. Honestly, Evelyn seemed pretty normal today. She’s probably just persisting in trying to make a couple out of us again,” Vivian said. 
“Who cares what her motive is? It’s enough that she hasn’t done anything to you.” Seeing that Vivian was fine, Hunter let out a quiet sigh of relief. 
Vivian looked gratefully at Hunter. At the same time, she couldn’t help but feel a little sorry towards him. He was truly concerned for her well-being, but she couldn’t find it in herself to reciprocate his feelings. 
“Thanks, Hunter,” Vivian said in a very serious voice. “I’m very grateful that you’re so concerned about me, but I’m afraid that I…”
“Well, you can at least see me as your friend, can’t you?” Knowing what Vivian was about to say, Hunter cut her off immediately. He glanced at her and smiled. “Vivian, can’t we stay friends, at least?” 
“Oh, of course!” Vivian exclaimed immediately, feeling a little harried. “It’s my honor to have you as my good friend.” 
“Then there’s no need to say anything else. I already understand your intentions.” A bittersweet smile appeared on Hunter’s face—Vivian didn’t reciprocate his romantic feelings, and there was nothing he could do about it. 
He turned his head to concentrate on the road again. Vivian didn’t know what to say to fill the awkward silence, so the atmosphere in the car became a little tense again. 
As they sped along the road, Vivian suddenly felt her entire body heating up. Her throat felt a little parched, as though she hadn’t drunk any water the entire day. At first, she didn’t think much of it— perhaps the interior of the car was just a little stuffy, that’s all. 
As time passed, however, her body temperature soared to alarming degrees. She felt as though she had been placed in a slow-cooker. 
Unable to bear it anymore, Vivian tugged irritably at her collar and frowned. What is going on? Had my past two days of exhaustion culminated in a fever? 
Back at Rachel’s house, Evelyn felt that there was no point in her staying anymore since Vivian had left. 
She took out her phone and gave a call to her housemaid, ordering her to come to fetch her home this very minute.
Hearing that Vivian was going to go home soon, Rachel felt a little sorry. “Evelyn, you’ve been in poor health recently. Why don’t you stay at my place for some time? I feel a little worried when I think about you living in that house alone.”
###Chapter 714
Chapter 714 
Now that Vivian and Finnick weren’t here anymore, Evelyn felt that it was time to drop her affectionate act with Rachel. With an impatient look on her face, she snapped, “I’ll take care of my health by myself, thanks. Stop hovering over me like a fly all the time.” 
“Evelyn, how could you say that?” Hearing Evelyn’s scathing words, Rachel felt rather shocked. Just a few moments ago, Evelyn had been addressing her as Ms. Rachel in such an affectionate way. Why had her attitude towards her changed so suddenly? 
Seeing the shocked expression on Rachel’s face, a contemptuous smile appeared on Evelyn’s face. Did this woman really think of herself as my mother? What a joke! Who does she think she is? 
“Alright, that’s enough. I have something on later, so I’m going to leave now.” Evelyn was tired of looking at this annoying old hag. After spitting out that sentence cold, she wheeled herself around and tried to leave. 
However, Rachel stuck out a hand to stop her. She walked in front of Evelyn and faced her with an apprehensive look on her face. She opened her mouth as though to say something, but she seemed to not know how to begin. The expression on her face looked rather uneasy. 
“What do you want?” Evelyn asked impatiently, throwing a dirty look at her. Why does this woman have so many problems? 
After hesitating for a long while, Rachel asked in a shaky voice, “Evelyn, what—what have you done to Vivian?” 
She had kept an eye on Evelyn at the dinner table just now. When Vivian was eating the braised pork, Evelyn’s eyes had been shining with glee and self-satisfaction. Afterward, she had seemed more
cheerful as well. 
But why would she be so happy over Vivian eating a few slices of braised pork? Rachel couldn’t help but suspect that there was more to the matter than met the eye. 
Besides, Evelyn had volunteered to help her make dinner that evening. An ominous feeling swept over Rachel. She prayed fervently that her worst fears wouldn’t come true. 
Hearing that, Evelyn felt a little stunned. She hadn’t expected the woman to be so observant. Evelyn had done everything she could to make sure nobody would find out about her plan, but Rachel had uncovered her schemes in the end. 
Evelyn fought to keep a straight face and said, “What the hell are you talking about? We were just having a nice meal together. How could you accuse me of doing something to her?” 
“When Vivian was eating the braised pork, why did you look at her like that?” Rachel squatted down before Evelyn’s wheelchair and said urgently, “Evelyn, tell me the truth, please. Did you drug Vivian’s food? What are you trying to do to her?” 
So that was when Rachel had begun suspecting me! Evelyn’s eyes narrowed with rancor as she gave up all pretense at once. “Yes, I did! I drugged her food. What, do you feel bad for that precious daughter of yours? Are you going to expose me because of her? Of course, you would—you raised her since she was a child! You’re still biased towards her even now, aren’t you? Are you going to harm me because of her?” 
Hearing Evelyn’s confirmation, Rachel felt as though her heart had been ripped into shreds. How could Evelyn do something like this to Vivian again? ”Evelyn, how could you say that? You’re my biological daughter. How could I harm you?”
“Shut up! You aren’t my mother at all!” Evelyn screamed, feeling even more agitated now. “If it wasn’t because of you, do you think I would be like this today? Since you already decided to give me away to another person, why did you have to tell Vivian about it? Couldn’t you have taken that secret to your grave, you stupid woman?” 
Hearing Evelyn’s harsh words, Rachel collapsed immediately. Tears rolled down her cheeks like a string of broken pearls. 
“Evelyn, everything was my fault, alright? If you think it was unfair, you can take out your anger on me. But Vivian did nothing wrong. She’s just a pitiful child like you—you can’t take out your anger on her!” 
“You still think she’s faultless, don’t you? She stole my beloved brother Ben away from me, not to mention Finnick, and the title of Ms. Morrison! She took everything from me, and I hate her for it! I hate her, do you understand me?” Evelyn screamed. “I want to take revenge on her. I want her to pay for what she did all those years ago. I want to let her know what happens to b*tches who steal from me!”
###Chapter 715
Chapter 715 
“Evelyn, even if you have any grievances, please take them out on me! Please let Vivian go, she hasn’t done anything wrong.” Rachel grabbed hold of Evelyn’s hand and begged her fervently. 
“Let her off? Fat chance!” Evelyn gave Rachel a hard push, sending her sprawling onto the ground. Her eyes were glazed over with madness. “You can expose me for this if you want. I will never see you again in this life.” 
After shooting one last look of rancor at Rachel, she opened the door and left. 
Rachel had just undergone an operation, and her body was still very weak. How could she recover from that shove by Evelyn? She lay sprawled on the ground, watching helplessly as Evelyn left. 
“Oh, it’s my fault, it’s all my fault! God, I was the one who made those mistakes all those years ago. Why did you have to do this to the two children? You should’ve punished me instead!” As she watched Evelyn’s figure recede into the distance, Rachel cried on the ground. 
As she cried, Rachel suddenly remembered something important. Vivian! I have to get to Vivian before something bad happened! Quickly, she sat up from the ground painfully and inched her way towards the telephone. 
What sort of drugs had Evelyn put into Vivian’s food? Is she alright now? Rachel couldn’t help but blame herself—she should have told Vivian about her suspicions before she even stepped out of the front door. 
She quickly found Vivian’s number and gave her a call, waiting anxiously for her to pick up. This child should’ve enjoyed a life of wealth and privilege, but Rachel had swapped her with Evelyn at birth.
Vivian had suffered an impoverished childhood at Rachel’s side instead. If something had happened to her, Rachel would never be able to forgive herself. 
“Pick up the phone, come on!” However, she only heard the deep hum of static followed by, “The number you have dialed is temporarily unavailable. Please try again later.” 
Vivian wasn’t picking up the phone at all. Had something really happened to her? 
Here, Rachel was so anxious that she dissolved into another fit of tears. Hugging the telephone, she cried, “I’m sorry, Vivian, it’s all my fault! I brought all of this upon you. Nothing must happen to you, alright? I’m sorry, this is my fault, this is payback for my horrible sin all those years ago!” 
In the car, Vivian continued to tug at her collar. Eventually, Hunter realized that something was wrong. “Vivian, is something wrong? Do you feel very hot?” 
“Yes, I do.” Vivian nodded her head, her mind feeling a little foggy. The burning sensation within her was getting worse and clouding her judgment bit by bit. “I think I have a fever. My body is heating up quite alarmingly.” 
Hearing that, Hunter, who was going to turn up the air-conditioner, stopped himself immediately. If Vivian was having a fever, she couldn’t be in an air-conditioned environment. 
With one hand on the steering wheel, Hunter stretched out another hand towards Vivian’s forehead. Feeling the heat on her forehead, he felt a little shocked. 
“Vivian, you’re burning up. Try and endure it for a while more, okay? I’ll find you a doctor immediately.” With that, Hunter stepped down on the accelerator and sped off towards the Morrison residence. 
When Hunter rested his hand on her forehead, Vivian felt a rush of coolness where he had touched her skin. The horrible sensation in her body practically vanished, and she felt so relieved that she nearly
moaned. She wanted him to continue touching her and take away that uncomfortable feeling in her body. 
Realizing how insane her thoughts were, Vivian held herself back immediately. No, I can’t do that! How can I even think about something like that? 
She tried to shake Hunter’s hand off her forehead, but she discovered to her horror that there was no energy left in her body. Thankfully, Hunter removed his hand almost immediately. 
However, as the cooling feeling disappeared from her body, the burning sensation returned with renewed vigor. She wanted to… Well, she didn’t know what she wanted exactly, but she knew that she was feeling extremely uncomfortable. She wanted to let out a moan and wrap her arms around something… Anything… 
She was hanging on to her sanity by a thread now. Biting down hard on her lips, she tried to prevent herself from making a single sound. Hunter was still around—she couldn’t lose her composure around him. But what exactly is happening to me? I don’t recall feeling like this the last time I had a fever. 
The car finally screeched to a halt in front of the Morrison residence. Hunter let out a sigh of relief. “Vivian, we’re home. I’ll get a doctor for you immediately.”
###Chapter 716
Chapter 716 
As he spoke, Hunter turned around to help Vivian out of the car. When he finally laid eyes on her, however, he got the shock of his life. He hadn’t managed to get a good look at her before, but she looked so ghastly now that he couldn’t help but feel stunned. 
Every inch of Vivian’s skin was covered with a strange shade of red, and her forehead was practically dripping with sweat. Her eyes were glazed over, and it was obvious that she was about to collapse soon. 
He got off the car immediately and opened the door on her side. As he half-carried her off the car, he asked, “Vivian, are you alright? How do you feel right now?” 
Vivian could hear a small buzz in her ear, as though someone was talking to her. However, try as she might, she couldn’t make out a single word he was saying to her. 
Vivian forced her eyes open, trying to see who was standing in front of her. However, she could only see a blurry, faceless figure hovering before her. His body felt so comfortable against her own… 
As Vivian continued to gape blankly at him, her legs giving out beneath her slowly, Hunter wondered if she had heard a single word he said. 
However, he didn’t have time to think about this sort of trivial matter now. It was more important for him to go and fetch a doctor for her. She was burning up quite severely, and he was afraid that she might suffer some form of brain damage. 
He carried her in his arms and flew towards the front door of the Morrison residence. “Is anyone in? Open the door quickly! Is anyone in?”
Hearing Hunter’s loud voice, a maid hurried to open the front door immediately. Seeing how ghastly Vivian looked, the maid looked rather stunned. “What—what’s wrong with Ms. Morrison?” 
“She’s having a very high fever, and I’m afraid she’s going to collapse soon. I’ll send her to her room first. Go and give the doctors a call immediately!” Hunter ordered the maid immediately. 
“Sir, may I know your name?” Despite the urgency in Hunter’s voice, the maid didn’t leave straight away. After all, she didn’t know who this guy was, and it might be dangerous for her to leave him alone with Vivian. 
“I’m a friend of Vivian’s. Don’t worry. I won’t harm her or anything. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have sent her back to her house, would I?” Hunter explained hurriedly. “Go and find a doctor, quick! I’m afraid the fever might cause some damage to her brain.” 
His words did make some sense. Hearing this, the maid let down her guard and said, “Alright, I’ll go fetch a doctor immediately. Go upstairs to the second floor and turn left into the second room you see. That’s Ms. Morrison’s room. Please take good care of her, Sir. I’ll be right back.” 
“Be quick, be very quick!” After shooting one last reminder to the maid, Hunter carried Vivian upstairs to her room immediately. 
This feels so comfortable. In her drug-induced haze, Vivian rubbed her face against Hunter’s neck, and a satisfied expression appeared on her face. This feels so cooling. Why does this person feel so cool? 
He kicked the door open and set Vivian down on the bed gently. “Vivian, wait a while, alright? I’ll fetch some cold towels for you.” 
Just as he turned to leave, Vivian enveloped him in a hug. “It’s hot… It’s so hot… Don’t go… If you go, I’ll feel so uncomfortable…”
As she spoke, Vivian’s hand crept slowly around his body. She had already lost every last ounce of logic—all she knew was that this person felt so cooling to the touch and that touching him made the burning sensation in her disappear… 
Seeing the lust-filled expression on Vivian’s face, Hunter finally realized that something was wrong. She didn’t have a fever—she had been drugged! 
This was definitely Evelyn’s doing. Hunter balled his hands into fists. He was sure Evelyn had something to do with this. No wonder she had asked him to come and pick her up just now—this had been her plan all along! 
“Vivian, can you hear me?” He took hold of her hands and shouted next to her ear. “Hold on for a while more. The doctor is on his way!” 
“Hot… This feels weird… I want…” Vivian tried desperately to herself from Hunter’s grip, sounding as though she was about to burst into tears. She started shivering horribly, wanting to experience that relieving coolness again. 
Since her arms had been restrained by Hunter, she could only press her face against his cheeks to seek relief. “It’s so cold… So comfortable… Give it to me right now…” 
She continued rubbing her body against his, growing increasingly more aggressive. As her hot breath reached his ears, Hunter felt a shiver run down his spine. 
Swallowing desperately, Hunter tried to dispel the troubling thoughts in his mind. The woman he had a crush on was right next to him—if he reached out his hands, he could have her right now. 
Seeing the disconcerted look on Vivian’s face, Hunter felt a little conflicted. They were the only two people in the house now—if he wanted to, he could have the woman he loved immediately. This might
be his only chance.
###Chapter 717
Chapter 717 
Just as those complicated emotions were swirling around Hunter’s mind, he heard the doorbell ring. Had the doctor arrived? Then, he finally snapped out of his daze. 
When he did, he felt like giving himself a slap across the face. What was I even thinking? How could I have entertained such despicable thoughts? 
Immediately, he tore himself away from Vivian and ran downstairs to open the door. When he recalled Vivian’s tearful expression and pitiful groans when he left, he felt his heart ache for her. Now, only the doctors could save her. 
When he opened the door, however, he found himself staring at Finnick instead of the doctor. 
When he saw Hunter, an expression of shock appeared on Finnick’s face. “What are you doing in Vivian’s house?” Vivian had just asked him to meet her at the Morrison residence. What was Hunter doing here? 
Before Hunter could reply, there was the sound of shattering glass from upstairs, accompanied by the pained mewls of a woman. It was Vivian! 
Finnick pushed Hunter aside immediately and ran upstairs. What was Hunter doing here with Vivian when there was nobody else in the house right now? Was he trying to do something to her? 
Here, Finnick picked up his pace. When he arrived at Vivian’s room, the sight before him made him widen his eyes in shock. 
Vivian was rolling around in bed with an expression of pain on her face. She kept crying repeatedly, “I want it… It’s so uncomfortable… It’s so hot… Hurry… Hot… I can’t stand it anymore…”
“Finnick, Vivian’s…” Hunter rushed up behind Finnick. When he saw Vivian, he turned to Finnick and tried to explain the situation to him. 
However, Finnick was so enraged by the scene before him that he could hardly speak. Thinking that this was Hunter’s doing, his hands moved faster than his brain. 
“You disgusting bastard!” He threw a punch at Hunter, his eyes red with anger. He gave him a hard kick in the shin. “How dare you do something like that to Vivian? What sort of uncivilized monster are you?” 
“This is a misunderstanding! Can you listen to me? This isn’t what you think it is…” Before he could finish speaking, Finnick had thrown another punch across his face, this time aiming for his left cheek. 
“What’s there to explain?” Finnick demanded, his eyes dancing with flames. He grabbed hold of Hunter’s collar and growled, “Tell me honestly, what did you do to Vivian?” 
One look at Vivian told him all he needed to know. His worst fears had come true—this bastard had tried to do something to her! 
Hunter was finding it more difficult to breathe. As his face turned red, he tried to himself from Finnick’s grip. He croaked, “She’s been drugged by…” 
Thinking that Hunter had drugged her, Finnick lost every last ounce of his rationality. Dragging Hunter up from the ground, he pushed him against the wall. Holding him up with his arm, Finnick brought his knee up against Hunter’s stomach. 
“You scumbag! How dare you drug her? Do you even consider yourself a man?” Finnick was debating whether he should just end Hunter off right now. 
Hunter was getting more frustrated by the minute. Finnick had beaten him up without giving him a chance to explain himself. Furious, Hunter exerted some force in his arm and shoved Finnick away
from him. 
“Fuck! For goodness’s sake, you bastard! Can you let me finish explaining first? It wasn’t me who did it —it was Evelyn who drugged her and made me go and pick her up! I just realized that she had been drugged and sent the maid to fetch a doctor for her.” 
He finished explaining everything in one breath and pointed at Vivian urgently. “Right now, we should focus our energy on finding the antidote for her. Can’t you see how much she’s suffering?” 
Hearing that, Finnick felt a little stunned. However, he snapped out of his daze almost immediately. 
Evelyn again? Hadn’t I taught her enough of a lesson before this? How dare she try to harm Vivian again? 
He balled his hands into fists. He had a principle against hitting women, but he was willing to make Evelyn an exception. If she was in front of him right now, he would beat her up violently. 
He quickly ran into the room, only to see Vivian curled up in a ball with her arms wrapped around the blanket. Her face was completely covered with tears. In a hoarse voice, she cried, “Uncomfortable… I feel so uncomfortable… It hurts…”
###Chapter 718
Chapter 718 
Seeing the tortured expression on the face of the woman he loved, Finnick’s heart hurt so much that he could barely breathe. He swept her up in his arms and ran towards the front door. 
As he ran, he said, “Vivian, it’s Finnick. Can you hear me? I’m Finnick. Try to endure it for a while longer. I’ll bring you to the doctor immediately.” 
Behind him, Hunter yelled urgently, “I already told the maid to fetch the doctor, and they’re about to come back very soon! Where are you bringing her?” 
However, Finnick continued to make his way out of the front door. Vivian was in so much pain that he couldn’t just sit around and wait for the doctor to arrive anymore. He had to get her to the nearest hospital as soon as possible. 
He bundled Vivian into the car and jumped into the driver’s seat. With a loud screech of tires, the car made an emergency turn and flew in the direction of the hospital. 
However, Vivian had no idea where she was. All she knew was that her body was about to explode because of the heat. She waved her arms about, brushing against something cooling all of a sudden. She made a wild grab at it, as though it was a lifebuoy and she was drowning. Unable to stop herself, she brought her entire body against that patch of cold. 
Finnick turned to see Vivian half-hanging off his body. Her blouse was half-open, revealing some of her skin. Finnick felt a loud buzz in his ears as though something was about to explode any minute. Immediately, the images of their past intimate experiences together flashed through his mind. 
He slapped himself on the face aggressively, trying to make himself calm down. He couldn’t afford to think this sort of rubbish right now—he had promised to protect her for the rest of her life, and he
couldn’t do something so dastardly to her while she was essentially passed out. 
With one hand on the steering wheel, Finnick forced Vivian against his chest with the other to prevent her from thrashing about anymore. He wasn’t a priest—he would do his best, but the allure of the woman he loved could be too much at times. 
Hearing the pitiful moans from Vivian again, Finnick felt his chest tighten. He floored the accelerator, praying that they would get to the hospital soon. 
As he gazed at Vivian on the hospital bed, Finnick felt his heart ache. Turning to Hunter, who arrived just after they did, he asked in an icy tone, “You said Evelyn drugged her, didn’t you? What happened?” 
Looking at Finnick worriedly, Hunter explained everything to him. “Today, Evelyn sent me a text message with an address. She told me that she was having dinner with Vivian and asked me to go and join them and drive Vivian home afterward.” 
“Afraid that Evelyn might do something to her, I went and joined them for dinner. When I arrived, however, they had already finished eating, so I drove Vivian home instead.” 
“While we were on our way back, Vivian complained that she felt a little uncomfortable. I thought she was having a fever at first, but when I got home, her behavior started to get a little strange. That’s when I realized she might have been drugged.” 
Hearing that, Finnick looked suspiciously at Hunter. “Why did Evelyn get you to send Vivian home after drugging her? What’s your relationship with Vivian?” 
“Don’t look at me with that expression,” Hunter said, matching Finnick’s gaze defiantly. “I can’t explain everything clearly to you. It’s enough that Vivian knows I don’t harbor any ill intentions towards her.”
Finnick’s eyes darkened a little. What did he mean by that? Why couldn’t Hunter explain his relationship with Vivian clearly? 
He turned to look at Vivian again and didn’t say anything else. He would question her again when she woke up. 
When she finally did, Vivian found herself to be in a white, sterile room. Feeling rather dazed, she mumbled, “Where… Where the hell am I?” 
“Vivian, you’re awake!” 
“Vivian, you’ve finally woken up!” 
Finnick and Hunter, who had remained by her bedside all this while, quickly hovered over her anxiously. “How do you feel now? Do you still feel uncomfortable anywhere?” 
Seeing the two of them in front of her, memories of that evening flooded into her mind. After having dinner at Rachel’s house, Hunter had arrived to drive her home. What happened after that? I can’t seem to recall anything. And why am I at the hospital?
###Chapter 719
Chapter 719 
As she tried to recall what had happened, fragments of memories and images flashed across Vivian’s mind. She could remember the blistering heat and pain within her, and how Hunter was holding her. She could even see Finnick at the end… 
Vivian’s expression turned more and more distorted. I was… I was drugged! 
Seeing Vivian’s unusually pale countenance, Finnick asked again anxiously, “Vivian, how do you feel? Does it… still hurt?” 
Catching the rather peculiar pause in Finnick’s utterances, Vivian’s face turned even more colorless. “What happened to me? Why am I in the hospital?” 
Holding her hand tightly, Finnick answered, “You asked me to meet you at your house, remember? So I went and saw you… You weren’t in a sound condition. Hunter said you were drugged by Evelyn so I sent you to the hospital.” 
As expected, I was drugged indeed! Vivian clenched her fist so tightly her nails dug into her palm. She remembered Evelyn went to help in the kitchen when Rachel was preparing dinner. Sure enough, she was up to no good! 
With a wrathful glint in her eyes, Vivian looked up at Hunter. “So that was the reason she has asked you to pick me up. Her purpose was for us to…” 
Hunter nodded with an extremely somber expression. “That’s probably true.” 
Biting hard on her lip, Vivian was feeling overwhelmed by outrage. I still have an old score from five years ago to settle with her and yet this Evelyn is coming against me again!
Finnick placed his hand on Vivian’s lips out of fear that she would hurt herself from the biting. “Don’t worry, Vivian. I’ll definitely avenge you and not let Evelyn off the hook so easily this time!” 
Seeing Finnick’s hand on Vivian’s lips kindled a bitter glow in Hunter’s eyes. Vivian didn’t avoid such an intimate gesture at all. Does it mean that she really wants to reconcile with Finnick? 
Even though he was green with envy within himself, Hunter added following what Finnick said, “Vivian, just get yourself a good rest with peace of mind. Leave Evelyn to me. I have tons of ways to handle her.” 
“There’s no need.” Seeing as both these men wanted to avenge her, Vivian refused as an icy air slowly emanated from her body. “I don’t need the two of you to do it for me. Let me take care of it myself, but do lend me a hand.” 
Looking at each other, Finnick and Hunter nodded in unison. It was indeed better to let her settle the score herself as it would also be a good way for her to vent her hatred. 
Looking into Vivian’s eyes, Finnick asked in a solemn manner, “Vivian, how do you want us to help?” 
A smirk crept up on Vivian’s face. The feeling of aggression within her was so great that it threatened to engulf her. Evelyn, you brought this upon yourself. This time, I’ll let you have a taste of your own medicine! 
Meanwhile, Evelyn was anxiously waiting for the outcome of her scheme. Even though Hunter had expressed his feelings for Vivian and would most probably yield to such a temptation, she couldn’t help worrying about the chance of failure to her plan. 
Evelyn thought it was about time and she couldn’t wait any longer either so she made a call to Hunter.
It was picked up in an instance. Suppressing her perturbation, Evelyn spoke very slowly, “How’s it? Are you satisfied with the gift I presented you?” 
“You mean how you drugged Vivian?” Knowingly, Hunter feigned surprise and asked in return. 
“I did all that for you.” Listening to Hunter’s tone, Evelyn wasn’t very certain if he had done according to her plan and if it worked well. “Don’t you like her? If I don’t do this, it’ll take ages for you to pursue her with Vivian’s temper.” 
“Ah, that’s why. I should really…” Hunter deliberately paused for a while which made Evelyn felt like her heart was in her throat. 
“Thank you.” Hunter’s tone turned a little flippant. “You’re indeed an old friend of mine for many years. You know me the best. I’m very impressed by this gift.” 
Upon listening to that, the bothered expression on Evelyn’s face totally vanished. Ha! It happened exactly like what I’ve anticipated. All these years, there wasn’t anyone who knew Hunter better than she did. How could he bear to refuse it when a pretty woman threw herself at him?
###Chapter 720
Chapter 720 
“But…” Hunter added, but again, he stopped halfway through his sentence. 
“What is it?” Feeling tensed again, Evelyn quickly asked in response. Did something go wrong? 
“But now it suddenly occurred to me that I don’t like Vivian that much anymore. She doesn’t feel as interesting to me after we’ve slept together. Huh. I thought she’s the one this time but I didn’t expect that she’ll become an eyesore to me after getting what I wanted from her.” Hunter feigned disappointment over the phone. 
“Now that I think about it, remarks like ‘I’m fond of her’ which I’ve made to you previously sounded really naive. I guess it was because I haven’t tasted what I wanted then. Please don’t take those awful words that I’ve said seriously. Allow me to extend my apology to you here.” 
Evelyn was ecstatic at what Hunter said to her over the phone. Didn’t I say that Vivian is just a cheap tart? Hunter would never fall for her. 
“It’s okay.” Evelyn laughed as she replied, “Don’t worry about it. We’ve been friends for so many years. I won’t take it personally.” 
“I’m glad that you’re not mad. Anyway, I met Finnick when I came out of Vivian’s room yesterday.” All of a sudden, Hunter shifted the topic. 
“How come Finnick was at the Morrison residence?” Once again, Evelyn was on edge. 
“I had no idea. But when he saw that I was with Vivian, he was exasperated and even got into a brawl with me. I could feel that Vivian still has a special place in his heart. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be jealous.”
“Then, did he know that Vivian was drugged?” Promptly, Evelyn demanded an answer to the question she was most concerned about. 
“He probably doesn’t know,” Hunter responded in denial. “Vivian was still asleep in her room then. He might have thought that we slept together voluntarily and he left after the fight.” 
It was then that Evelyn heaved a long breath of relief. It’s fine as long as Finnick doesn’t know about the truth. However, her relief was followed immediately by an outburst of jealousy. What is so good about that tr*mp, Vivian, that Finnick just can’t seem to let go of her? 
“Hunter, come and pick me up now. I’ll send the address to you later. I want to see Finnick right away.” Very soon, Evelyn came up with another idea. Since Finnick misunderstood that Vivian had slept with Hunter voluntarily, I have to convince him and make him believe this wrong idea completely. 
Not knowing what Evelyn had come up with in her mind again, Hunter could only say yes to her request. “Alright, I’ll come to your house now.” 
Soon, Hunter arrived at her place after receiving the address she had sent him. Then, following her directions, they departed to Finnick’s house. 
When they reached the door, Evelyn drew in a long breath and put on an agitated expression on her face. Resolutely, she had come to quash Finnick’s impression of Vivian entirely. 
Upon hearing the doorbell, Finnick curled his lips into a smirk. Finally, here she comes. 
Soon after Evelyn asked Hunter to pick her up, Hunter called and relayed the matter to Finnick. Hence, Finnick had come home early just to wait for Evelyn’s arrival. 
Let me see what other tricks this woman can pull!
Walking over and pulling the door open, he wore an irritated expression as soon as he saw Evelyn. With an icy tone, he asked, “Didn’t I tell you not to come here again? What are you doing here?” With that, Finnick pretended to close the door. 
“Finnick, I have something to tell you. I’m afraid that you’ll be deceived by Vivian.” Evelyn quickly tugged at Finnick’s sleeves to stop him from closing the door. 
Shaking Evelyn’s hand off, Finnick replied with a serious face, “What do you mean by that? Haven’t you hurt Vivian badly enough previously? What are you trying to do now?” 
Taking the chance and wheeling herself into Finnick’s house through the door, Evelyn looked at Finnick with an aggrieved face. “Finnick, what happened back then was my fault. I have realized my mistake but what I’m telling you now is the truth. You must not be fooled by Vivian.” 
“How has Vivian fooled me?” Clenching his fist tightly, Finnick asked with a fiery glint in his eyes. 
“She’s two-timing!” Evelyn answered swiftly. “She has been together with Hunter and yet she is deceitfully tangling with you relentlessly. She’s just treating you as a rebound guy. You must not be deluded by her.”
###Chapter 721
Chapter 721 
“How did you know she was with Hunter? Who told you that?” Knowing that Evelyn was making things up and framing Vivian, Finnick just wished that he could get someone to tie Evelyn up so that he could avenge Vivian. 
However, at the thought of Vivian’s message to him earlier, he could only subdue his rage. 
“Hunter told me himself that he had already slept with Vivian. You’ve also seen it with your own eyes, haven’t you? She’s just making a monkey out of you. Don’t fall into her trap.” Plucking Finnick’s sleeves, Evelyn pressed on. 
“How did you know all these things? Was it Hunter who told you everything? What’s your relationship with him, huh?” Finnick was trying to fish for some details from Evelyn. 
Evelyn was unmistakably startled by Finnick’s questions. Damn, I let it slip out. How should I answer now so that Finnick wouldn’t suspect it? 
Hurriedly coming up with an excuse, Evelyn replied, “Hunter and I were classmates in university. It was also me who introduced him to Vivian back then but I didn’t expect the two of them would get together. Hunter was in a bad mood after the fight with you yesterday so he called and told me about this. He even revealed to me that it was Vivian who was actively pursuing him at that time. That was how I found out.” 
Barely able to cover up her story, Evelyn quickly altered the subject, “Finnick, I’ve come to find you immediately as soon as I learned about this because I fear that you would be deceived by Vivian. You have no place at all in that woman’s heart. Otherwise, she wouldn’t be with Hunter behind your back.”
So that means Hunter was initially sent by Evelyn to Vivian. And the reason he’s helping Vivian to deal with Evelyn now is that he has actually fallen for Vivian later on? Finnick speculated in secret. 
Thinking of that, Finnick got jealous. Vivian belongs with me. I’ll never allow anyone to take her away from me. 
Looking at the woman in front of him who had personally sent him a rival, Finnick spoke in a distant tone, “Vivian is the woman I love most in this world. So what if she’s with Hunter? I’ll definitely win her back.” 
Evelyn was rooted to the ground as she heard Finnick’s words. She asked in disbelief, “Don’t you mind at all? Don’t you have a problem even with the fact that she has slept with another man?” 
“Of course, I mind.” Finnick gritted his teeth. This is probably Evelyn’s sole purpose of drugging Vivian —so as to create a grudge between me and Vivian. 
“Then, why are you still holding on to her?” Evelyn asked rather frantically. 
“Because I love her.” Looking right into Evelyn’s eyes, Finnick stressed each of the syllables firmly. “Hence, no matter who she’s with, I’ll get her back and stay by her side. The only person who can spend a lifetime with her is me.” 
How did things turn out this way? Evelyn was utterly stunned by Finnick’s words. For a while, she was in a daze and a loss for words. 
“Thus, I’m warning you now, Evelyn. Don’t ever try to plot anything against Vivian, or I’ll make you pay for it!” 
Finishing his spiteful words, Finnick had had enough of the disgusting face in front of him so he left his house.
If it wasn’t because Vivian wanted to deal with this matter herself, he would have taken Evelyn away and held her captive even before she could come to see him in person. 
Looking at Finnick’s figure slowly disappearing from her sight, she was still troubled by the revelation that came as a crushing blow to her, keeping her completely still on the spot. 
He said that he’ll win Vivian back again. He said he would be the person who would spend the rest of his life with Vivian. How can that be? It shouldn’t have turned out this way! 
How can he not be infuriated after knowing that Vivian was with Hunter? How can he not let go of Vivian until now? Does he really love her so much? Even when he’s being cheated on by her? 
“Argh—” Unable to repress the jealousy within her any longer, Evelyn went berserk and started shouting. 
Why? Why! Who is she to deserve such devotion from Finnick? There’s no way I’m coming up short against that tr*mp in any way. Why Finnick just can’t seem to see the good in me? 
No way. Evelyn was exceedingly overwrought. I can’t let Vivian take Finnick away from me again. I must find a way to regain his affection.
###Chapter 722
Chapter 722 
Leaving the Norton Residence in a daze, Evelyn got back in Hunter’s car. 
Seeing the absentminded look of Evelyn, Hunter sneered in his heart and asked deliberately, “How’s it? I saw Finnick leaving just now. Has he gone to square up with Vivian?” 
“He said he doesn’t mind that Vivian has slept with you,” turning around to Hunter, Evelyn said in a very hushed tone. Then, as though she had just come back to her senses, Evelyn raised her volume and shouted in desperation, “How could he forgive her? How could he just disregard something like that?” 
Disturbed by her high-pitched utterances, Hunter frowned and feigned concern as he replied, “Don’t get so worked up yet. Maybe Finnick is just tough-talking. There’s no way a man wouldn’t be bothered about such a thing.” 
Hunter’s words kindled hope within Evelyn. Clumsily, she tugged at Hunter’s sleeves and demanded, “Is that for real? So he does mind, doesn’t he?” 
“I can guarantee that Finnick definitely holds a grudge against this matter,” Hunter responded in a certain and confident way and handed Evelyn a cup of water. “Take a sip and calm yourself down first. We shall discuss what to do next.” 
“You’re right. I can’t be panicked. I need to think about what to do next.” Taking over the cup of water, Evelyn emptied it and finally regained her composure. 
Seeing as Evelyn finished the water, an indistinct smirk flashed across Hunter’s face. 
“Do you have any good ideas?” Handing the cup back to Hunter, Evelyn asked for his opinion.
After fidgeting with the cup for a while, Hunter restored it to where it was and smiled at Evelyn. “Since Finnick can’t let go of Vivian, we can just let Vivian vanish into thin air. What about killing her?” 
“Killing her?” Upon hearing that, the glow in Evelyn’s eyes flickered as she repeated uncertainly. 
“Yes. Even though it’s impossible that Finnick doesn’t mind about this matter at all, it proves that Vivian does have a special place within his heart for him to say things as he could forgive her. Thus, as long as she’s alive, Finnick would never return to your side. It is only with Vivian’s death would you have a chance at gaining Finnick’s attention once again.” 
Hunter persuaded Evelyn according to the plan. 
Evelyn thought that Hunter’s words made sense as she contemplated seriously. Finnick’s attitude just then shows how captivated he is with Vivian. Only Vivian’s death can put an end to everything and only then would Finnick change his mind and come back to me. 
“Alright, let’s kill her then!” Narrowing her eyes into two pointed slits, Evelyn’s tone was ruthless to the bone. 
Everything went accordingly as planned but when Hunter heard Evelyn’s words, he could not feel even a wee bit of joy. As an attorney, he had seen the many vicissitudes of human nature, and yet, he had never expected that a person could be so ill-natured to such an extent. 
In any case, there wasn’t really any enmity between Vivian and Evelyn. But Evelyn could turn into such a heartless person just because of one man alone. 
“Well then, let’s go to your place and you’re tasked to ask Vivian out. I’ll add the substance into the water and all you need to do is to convince her to drink it.” Just as Hunter was secretly lamenting, Evelyn had already laid out the plan.
Adding substance into the water? Hunter was a little perplexed by Evelyn’s words. It surprised him that both Evelyn and Vivian were on the same page this time. It looks like Vivian’s experience of being framed has turned her into an expert. 
“Sure. We’ll do it this way then. Are you going to poison her directly?” Hunter started the car as he asked. 
“That’s a little too risky.” Evelyn shook her head. “I’ll knock her out first and then devise a plan to make it look like she was killed in an accident.” 
Evelyn’s disclosure of her entire plan to Hunter implied that she had regarded Hunter as her ally. Since he could come up with the idea to kill Vivian, Evelyn had no reason to suspect him. Besides, she needed his help. 
Hunter was after all an attorney. Things would be much easier with him around. 
Upon hearing that, Hunter shot Evelyn an interesting look. Judging from her experienced way of handling it, it seems like she has been used to doing this sort of thing.
###Chapter 723
Chapter 723 
After driving home, Hunter made a call to Vivian in front of Evelyn to avoid raising her suspicion. Turning the speaker mode on, he asked Vivian to come to his house as he had something to discuss with her and Vivian agreed without any hesitation. 
Noticing that Vivian’s attitude over the phone was rather fine, Evelyn asked in puzzlement, “When she found out that she was being drugged after waking up that day, didn’t she quarrel with you? Did she just accept it?” 
With thoughts running in his head, Hunter pulled a face intentionally and put on a disdainful expression. “That’s exactly why I thought she wasn’t that interesting after all. I thought she was aloof initially and I didn’t expect that she was actually so hot-blooded. Now that I think about it, she might have been interested in me from the very beginning and acted cool to catch my attention, and all this while I thought I have met someone special. It turns out that she was no different from those other women I’ve encountered.” 
Hunter’s remarks made Evelyn even more scornful of Vivian. My assumption about Vivian was right after all. She’s indeed a pretentious tr*mp. 
“Haven’t I told you earlier? She’s just a vixen who has tons of ways to hook up with men. She must have seduced Finnick using the same way as well.” 
Seeing that Evelyn’s doubts had been cleared, Hunter let out a breath of relief within himself. However, Evelyn’s comments concerning Vivian made him frown and also deepened his hatred toward Evelyn. 
To shun further slanders of Evelyn about Vivian, Hunter changed the subject. “What substance are you going to use to knock her unconscious? I don’t have anything with me here.”
“Rest assured. I’ve brought it along with me.” With that, Evelyn took out a small bottle from her pocket and poured out a few pills into the glass. “Just dissolve them in the water later and let her drink it.” 
“So these are?” Hunter didn’t know what pills she was trying to feed Vivian with. 
“Sleeping pills.” Evelyn snickered, “They should be enough to make her snooze for a while.” 
What kind of a woman would bring along sleeping pills with her everywhere she goes? Looking at the curve on Evelyn’s lips, Hunter could only feel chills down his own spine. 
“Why don’t you hide inside the room first? I reckon that Vivian would be arriving in any minute now.” Calming himself down, Hunter said, “After confirming that she has gone unconscious, I’ll ask you to come out.” 
“Sure.” Evelyn agreed with a nod and went into the room. 
Looking at the pills in the glass and turning to look at the closed door of the room which Evelyn had just entered, Hunter’s eyes glowed with indifference. Standing up, he threw the glass into the trash can directly and went into the kitchen to get another glass that looked exactly the same. Then, he filled it with warm water and put it on the coffee table. 
After getting everything done, Hunter sent a text message to Vivian to update her about Evelyn’s plan. 
Very soon, Hunter heard the doorbell and hurried over to open the door. He said loudly on purpose, “Vivian, finally, here you are.” 
Looking in from the door, Vivian asked in a low voice, “Where’s Evelyn?” 
“Just wear my slippers. With our relationship now, it doesn’t really matter.” After saying that loudly, Hunter added in a hushed voice, “She’s in the room. Just play along later.”
Vivian nodded and walked into the living room after changing into the slippers. 
Knowing that Vivian had come, Evelyn who was in the room got so excited she placed her ear against the door to listen to what was happening outside. Vivian, you’re finally falling into my hands! 
“Darling, did you miss me?” Signaling Vivian to sit down on the sofa across from him, Hunter intentionally asked in a frivolous tone. 
Informed that it was a ruse to deceive Evelyn, Vivian smiled and answered, “Of course, I did. What took you so long that you only contacted me now?” 
“Are you blaming me now, baby? I had a case to settle but I called you right after I had finished working, so don’t be mad at me, alright?” 
Even though it was only an act, hearing Hunter calling her in such a way, Vivian still felt a little awkward. Nevertheless, she cooperated fully and replied in an affected tone, “Promise you won’t do this again.” 
“Alright, alright.” At that moment though, the smile on Hunter’s face was genuine. It was his first time hearing such endearing replies from Vivian, which was unexpectedly adorable. 
Hearing the intimate exchanges between Vivian and Hunter, Evelyn couldn’t help but ridicule Vivian in silence. And I thought how virtuous you are, Vivian! It turns out that you’re just a desperate and unctuous tart!
###Chapter 724
Chapter 724 
Evelyn was no longer interested in listening to their conversations so she moved away from the door. No wonder Hunter kept running on about how boring and meaningless it was. Those women who had thrown themselves at him were just like Vivian at present. 
The conversations between Hunter and Vivian were still ongoing in the living room. Hunter couldn’t really shift his gaze away from Vivian who was flushed, which was a rare sight to him. 
While speaking, Hunter pointed at the glass on the table and whispered, “Drink a little and just pretend that you have fainted. Then, I’ll ask Evelyn to come out.” 
Vivian nodded and without a second thought, she took the glass and drank half of the water in it. Looking up, she saw Hunter looking at her but within his eyes, there were some inexplicable emotions that she couldn’t make out. 
“What is it? Is there any problem?” Vivian asked in bewilderment. 
“Nothing. You lie down on the sofa first and I’ll get Evelyn,” Hunter shook his head as he answered. 
In fact, seeing that Vivian followed his instructions and drank the water without even a second of hesitation, he was very moved all of a sudden. Regardless of whether they could be together in the end, at the very least, Vivian trusted him fully right in that instance. That was all that mattered to him. 
After a while, hearing the knock on the door, Evelyn opened it, looked at Hunter who was standing outside, and asked in a low voice, “Is everything done?” 
“Yes.” Hunter nodded. “She has been rendered unconscious and lying on the sofa now.” 
“Are you sure?” Evelyn was still worried.
“Of course.” Hunter nodded again. “I saw her drink it with my own eyes and there was totally no response from her even after I’ve called out to her a few times.” 
With a smug on her face, Evelyn wheeled out to the living room and saw that Vivian was really lying on the sofa. Beside her on the coffee table sat a glass that was half-emptied. 
“Vivian? Vivian Morrison?” Moving closer to Vivian, Evelyn called out a few times as she was still edgy and afraid that she wasn’t knocked unconscious completely. 
She proceeded with pushing Vivian several times and was finally relieved when she saw that there was truly no response from Vivian. 
Sneering, Evelyn looked at the unconscious Vivian and mocked, “Surprised, huh? After five years, you’ve fallen into my hands once again. You were lucky to escape because Benedict was there to rescue you back then. Let me see if Lady Luck is still on your side this time!” 
Evelyn reached out to touch Vivian’s face and ran her pointed nails along her cheek. Her eyes were full of jealousy as she sniggered, “I have to say that your face has grown much prettier after five years. No wonder Finnick has been so engrossed with you as soon as he returned to the country. You are the only one left in his eyes and mind.” 
Hunter was standing behind and observing Evelyn’s motions in agitation. He was frightened by the possibility of Evelyn hurting Vivian impulsively. After all the time spent together, he realized eventually that Evelyn was just like a bomb that could go off at any second. 
Raising Vivian’s chin with her index finger, Evelyn’s tone turned brutal out of the blue. “Nonetheless, what use is there even if you’ve become prettier? Very soon, Finnick would no longer be able to see this face of yours anymore. But don’t you worry. After all, we’ve known each other for so many years. I’ll grant you a quick way to die and I won’t make you suffer too much. And when you’ve finally
disappeared from this world completely, Finnick will notice that there’s still me by his side. The one person who would sacrifice everything just for him.” 
Pulling her hand back, Evelyn could already visualize the happy and contented life that she would have with Finnick in the future. A gratified smile appeared across her face. 
“By then, he would know how much I love him. We’ll get married and have kids and we’ll live happily with one another forever and ever. We’ve grown up together and I’m the only person who knows him best. Only I deserve to live with him for the rest of our lives. As with you…” Evelyn stopped at that point in time and a contemptuous expression crept up on her face. Her tone was full of disdain. 
“You’re just the daughter of a maid. Which part of you can compare to me and how can you ever be worthy of Finnick? How dare you dream of stealing my man with such a status. Just look at who you are! If it wasn’t because of the kidnapping case plotted to help the Morrison family back then, do you think you stand any chance? Do you think you can hook up with Finnick?”
###Chapter 725
Chapter 725 
Vivian who was pretending to have lost her consciousness was shocked at what Evelyn said. What is that supposed to mean? What does it mean by “the kidnapping case plotted to help the Morrison family”? Could it be that Evelyn wasn’t the victim of the kidnapping case back then and was the mastermind behind it instead? 
Even though Evelyn admittedly revealed previously that she had left Finnick and escaped alone during the fire in the past. In Vivian’s opinion, she had always thought that it was because Evelyn was too young and was afraid then, which was why she ran away. 
She had never thought that Evelyn might have devised the kidnapping herself. How old was she back then? She was such a young girl. How could she have done such a malicious thing? 
Holding back the overwhelming emotions within her, Vivian tried to keep herself as composed as possible. She wanted to hear from Evelyn what really happened in the past. 
Nevertheless, Evelyn didn’t continue on that topic but resumed to ridicule Vivian instead, “Initially, I thought that you might have some affection for Finnick, but Vivian, you have never failed to disappoint me. In fact, you are but a tr*mp behind closed doors—you’d throw yourself at any man who crooks his finger to beckon you over. So how was it, huh? Did I happen to fulfill your wishes by drugging you last time? Hunter told me you were greatly fervid in bed.” 
Hunter’s face darkened in an instance as he heard Evelyn’s words. Vivian is fcking conscious now. What is this woman bullshitting? Will Vivian misunderstand me as she hears this? 
Vivian couldn’t help but hold her fist tightly as she heard that. Even her breathing was growing heavier and her lips were slightly trembling. No one could possibly stay cool listening to such insults directed at oneself. She felt as though there was a volcano within her that was about to erupt.
Fortunately, Evelyn was still excitedly talking and didn’t seem to notice these inconspicuous actions of Vivian. “I guess you must have slept with a bunch of men within these five years. Tell me, how could such a cheap tart like you be worthy of Finnick?” 
Hunter had a hard time restraining himself from yanking Evelyn out as he listened to her filthy words. The only reason he didn’t actually do that was that he was afraid of ruining Vivian’s plan. Hence, he could only hold his fingers in a fist and endured it in silence. 
Evelyn was getting more and more aggressive. “I’m the only one who loves Finnick wholeheartedly. I’ve only loved this man alone since young. Apart from him, I’ve never taken extra glances at any other men. Only I deserve to be Mrs. Norton and the lady of Norton Corporation. You’re just a worthless tart. How dare you try to steal my man!” 
“Enough Evelyn! Shut the f*ck up!” Vivian couldn’t hold it any longer and sat up abruptly on the sofa. “I dare you to try and spew another insult at me!” 
“Argh!” Seeing that Vivian had gained consciousness, Evelyn was so frightened she hurriedly wheeled herself backward. “How did you wake up? Weren’t you knocked out?” 
“I’m really sorry to disappoint you.” Staring at Evelyn spitefully, Vivian bared her teeth as she squeezed those words one by one through her mouth. 
“Hunter, what’s going on? Didn’t you check and confirm that she had passed out?” Evelyn turned around and yelled at Hunter, “What are you doing standing there? Quick, pin her down!” 
Listening to Evelyn’s words, Hunter let out a scoff but remained on the spot. 
“Hurry up, what are you doing?” Missing Hunter’s expression, Evelyn kept demanding that he took action as she continued wheeling herself in reverse, as though Vivian was a plague.
Under normal circumstances, Evelyn would never be afraid of Vivian because she took Vivian as a simpleton who wouldn’t have any ulterior motive or hidden agenda. She would only be fooled by her. Does she think I am scared of her? What a ludicrous joke. 
However, as she had borne the thought that Vivian was unconscious all this while, seeing her wake up and berate her all of a sudden was as good as seeing a corpse coming back to life. It was only normal that she would be nervous. 
However, noticing that Hunter still didn’t take any action, Evelyn turned around at him, just to find him giving her a devious look and there was even a trace of an inexplicable smile on his face.
###Chapter 726
Chapter 726 
Wait a minute! What does Hunter’s expression mean? Could it be… Evelyn realized that something wasn’t right as she pushed the wheelchair to turn around and head for the door. 
As soon as she moved, she felt a strong feeling of dizziness coming from her head, her whole body went limp, and she was unable to use any strength. 
What’s going on? Evelyn panicked thoroughly as she shouted at Hunter and Vivian right away, “What did you do to me? Why am I…” 
“Why would you feel dizzy and that your whole body has no strength?” Vivian interrupted and stood up from the sofa. 
“What’s wrong? Are you the only person allowed to spike others but others can’t do the same to you? Don’t worry, I’m not as evil as you. This drug would only weaken your body and won’t cause any serious harm. After all, there are some things I want to hear out of your own mouth!” Vivian’s tone was even more aggravated as her eyes darkened. 
I was drugged? As Evelyn heard that, she was a bit overwhelmed. How could this be? When did it happen and why didn’t I notice anything? 
As Evelyn tried to remember what happened before, she suddenly thought about the glass of water Hunter gave to her when they were in the car. Was there something wrong with that glass of water? 
As Evelyn stared in disbelief at Hunter, she shouted, “Did you spike that glass of water? How dare you help her and do this to me? Why? Didn’t you say you don’t like her anymore!” 
“How would you believe me if I didn’t say that?” After he walked up next to Evelyn, Hunter lowered his head and said, “Evelyn, I really like Vivian, that’s why I would definitely not help you harm her. The
reason why I said that to you was just to get you to drop your guard.” 
“So you didn’t have sex with her or drug her at all, right? It’s all a lie and you’ve been lying to me! What’s so great about this b*tch? Why are you helping her? Why is everyone helping her!” 
Evelyn screamed at Hunter, she could not accept the truth of the matter in her heart. How could it turn out like this? Why am I the one who is being fooled? 
“No, it can’t be!” Evelyn suddenly lifted her head and stared at Vivian at the thought of something. Then she said, “I spiked the braised pork and saw you eating it. How could you be alright after that?” 
Vivian’s whole body emitted a horrifying aura as she walked toward Evelyn. “So you did really do that, Evelyn. I’ve always wanted to ask you, how have I offended you? Why are you always trying to cause me harm? You even on with such underhanded tricks!” 
“That’s because you deserve to die!” Evelyn shouted frantically, “You’ve offended me by stealing Finnick away from me. He’s mine. Not only did we grow up together, I was his first love too. He is mine, so how are you qualified to marry him! Since you dare to steal what belongs to me, I will make you pay for it!” 
“Then, I’m afraid I’m going to disappoint you.” Vivian continued telling Evelyn, “Not only am I alright, but Finnick was also the one who took me to the hospital. Do you think he would still want to be with you after finding out all those nasty things you’ve done?” 
“Finnick sent you to the hospital?” Evelyn found it hard to believe what she had just heard. “So whatever you’ve told me earlier was all fake? Haha! It’s all fake. All of you conspired and lied to me. You’re even helping this b*tch to lie to me!”
Evelyn laughed out loud as she pointed at Vivian. As she was suddenly triggered by the truth that was revealed to her, it felt as if she was having a mental breakdown. 
“Shut up, Evelyn!” Vivian couldn’t hold back anymore after being called a b*tch over and over again by the person who had set her up. 
After bending forward and holding Evelyn down, Vivian looked into her eyes and asked in a stern voice, “What happened during the kidnapping back then? What did you mean when you said you concocted the kidnapping in order to save the Morrisons? Did you and Mark kidnap Finnick together?” 
The moment she heard Vivian said that, Evelyn returned to her senses and panicked as she blamed herself for mentioning that matter so suddenly because of a slip of the tongue.
###Chapter 727
Chapter 727 
“I don’t understand what you’re saying. How is it possible for me to kidnap Finnick? I don’t have a clue about that because what had happened back then has nothing to do with me. I’m also a victim and I don’t know anything.” Evelyn spoke incoherently as she avoided Vivian’s gaze. 
“Then, explain what you mean when you said that just now. Why did you say that!” Vivian asked relentlessly. 
Five years ago, she was very suspicious of the kidnapping case and asked Samuel to get someone to investigate it again. Although they found some clues, she went ahead with the divorce with Finnick before the truth was revealed. After that, she fled the country without returning and did not pursue the matter further ever since. 
When Vivian heard Evelyn say that, she felt deep within her heart that she must have had something to do with what happened in the past. Today, I must find out the truth no matter what! 
“I… I… I didn’t say anything earlier. I don’t know what you’re asking.” Evelyn could only deny it because she couldn’t think of any good excuses. 
Upon seeing that, Vivian was even more sure about her own suspicions as she said, “Evelyn, it’s too late for you to deny it now. No matter what, you must come clean to me about this matter today. Otherwise, don’t blame me for being harsh with you!” 
Evelyn didn’t take Vivian’s threat to heart at all. They had fought for so many years, so they knew each other fairly well. It seemed to her that Vivian was someone with a soft heart and was not very ambitious. She was never ruthless and decisive enough to succeed at anything.
At the thought of that, Evelyn regained her composure and said, “Don’t start threatening me, Vivian. Let me go immediately, otherwise I will never let this slide!” 
“So you’re going to be stubborn and not come clean, right?” With a slightly raised tone and a dangerous expression on her face, Vivian said, “Alright, you’re the one who is forcing me. I want to see how you’re not going to let things slide with me.” 
Vivian stood up, turned to face Hunter and said, “Go out for a while, it’s not convenient for you to be here for what’s about to happen.” 
Upon hearing Vivian’s words, Hunter couldn’t help but worry as he responded, “Vivian, what are you planning to do? It would be better for me to accompany you here. If you’re alone in here, I’ll be worried.” 
After taking a glance at Evelyn, Vivian said to Hunter, “Don’t worry. She’s weak now, so nothing will happen to me. You can go ahead and wait outside.” 
“Then, tell me what you are planning to do.” Hunter walked next to Vivian and asked her while staring into her eyes. He could tell that Vivian was acting quite impulsive and he was worried that she would do something out of character. 
Before Vivian had a chance to reply, Evelyn who was on one side started to yell in panic, “Why are you asking Hunter to go out? Vivian, you b*tch! What are you planning to do to me!” 
Vivian walked next to Evelyn with her eyebrows furrowed, then she said, “What do I want to do? Why not you ask yourself what you did to me back then! Evelyn, all the fear and despair I’ve felt back then, I want you to experience all of them today.” 
Having said that, Vivian turned her head toward Hunter and said, “Don’t worry. I know what I’m doing and I won’t do anything reckless.”
Hunter let out a sigh as he was relieved to see that Vivian had not lost her senses. However, he wasn’t entirely comfortable with Vivian being alone with Evelyn. 
Despite the fact that Evelyn was spiked and couldn’t move, she was still a manipulative and scheming person. No one could predict what Evelyn’s next trick would be, nor could they guarantee that Vivian would be safe this time. 
“Vivian, I…” 
Seeing that Hunter was about to say something, Vivian interrupted him and uttered, “Hunter, I want to solve this matter myself. This is between me and her. Can you please go out for a while?” 
As Hunter saw the determination in Vivian’s eyes, he hesitated for a moment before compromising. “Alright, I’ll wait outside. Remember to call me immediately if anything happens.” 
“Alright.” Vivian nodded her head as she stared at Hunter gratefully. 
After Hunter left, Vivian turned to look at Evelyn and said, “It’s just us now. I’ll give you one last chance, tell me what happened during the kidnapping back then?”
###Chapter 728
Chapter 728 
“Vivian, you shameless b*tch! Let me go!” Upon looking at Vivian’s cold expression, Evelyn was finally terrified. “What you’re doing now is interrogating me illegally and this is against the law. Let me go, otherwise I won’t let this slide easily!” 
After hearing Evelyn’s words, Vivian couldn’t help but feel rather amused about it. 
“Evelyn, I thought you’re not aware of what’s illegal. So it appears that you actually knew. What about those things you did to me previously? Don’t you find it funny when you’re talking to me about all these! Are you going to tell me about what happened back then!” 
“I have nothing to do with the kidnapping. I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Evelyn insisted on not telling her anything about it because everything would go down the drain if she did. 
When Vivian saw Evelyn refused to come clean, she didn’t say anything more, walked right next to her and grabbed her by the clothes. 
Vivian had no choice but to resort to other methods to get her to speak, since she wasn’t willing to come clean herself. 
Evelyn was shocked by Vivian’s sudden movement. After she was stunned for a while, she began to struggle to let herself loose. However, her body was unable to exude any strength, so she could only let Vivian do whatever she wanted. 
“Why are you removing my clothes, Vivian! Go away, get away from me! You b*tch! Go away and don’t touch me!” As Vivian started removing her clothing piece by piece, Evelyn was on the verge of a mental breakdown as she cried and screamed at Vivian.
Vivian proceeded to remove Evelyn’s last piece of clothing while ignoring her screams. Then she took out her cell phone and started taking photos of her. 
Evelyn became frantic the moment she realized Vivian’s intention. “Vivian, stop right now! You btch, what are you doing! You shameless btch, you b*stard! Delete them right now and stop taking photos immediately!” 
After she had taken a dozen photos, Vivian put down her cell phone and sneered at Evelyn while staring at her, “Didn’t you say you’re not going to let things slide easily? Are you scared now?” 
“Vivian, you’re inhumane!” Evelyn’s face was drenched in tears. “How can you do such a thing? How dare you do such a thing to me!” 
“Back then, you even dared to find a beggar to insult me and I’m just taking a few photos of you right now. Why wouldn’t I dare to do that!” Vivian exclaimed in a stern voice while her face was full of hatred. She seemed completely different from her usual self. 
Even though it had been many years since that incident, it had always been a source of pain for her. She would never forget the image of that beggar getting close to her. Every time she thought of the scene where she was surrounded and someone tearing off her clothes, she just couldn’t wait to destroy Evelyn herself. 
“How does it feel when I removed your clothes and take photos of you earlier? Helplessness? Despair?” As she bent down and glared at Evelyn, Vivian’s eyes were filled with hatred. “What you’re experiencing right now is nothing compared to what I felt then. I’ve suffered much worse pain and suffering than this!” 
“When you were taking pictures of me being insulted, you should have expected that what comes around, goes around—you will definitely receive karma one day!”
“Serve you right. You deserved that!” At that moment, Evelyn was only filled with hatred for Vivian, regretting not killing her back then. “Vivian, you deserve to die. I won’t let go of you and I’ll definitely not let things slide! I should have killed you back then. You deserve to die!” 
Having heard Evelyn cursing at her, Vivian had the urge to slap someone for the first time. How can she not have a shred of remorse after doing that to me back then? 
Vivian forced herself to hold back her anger as she held her phone up directly in front of Evelyn’s face. “Evelyn, you better honestly tell me everything about the kidnapping back then. Don’t force me to expose these photos.” 
“Don’t you dare! You’re now allowed to do that. Vivian, you cannot do that!” Once Evelyn heard Vivian wanted to publish her naked photos, she instantly panicked. 
“Then, explain clearly to me what happened back then!”
###Chapter 729
Chapter 729 
“I… I don’t know. I don’t know anything.” Evelyn shook her head as she sobbed. I can’t tell her. I absolutely cannot tell her. 
Vivian got a little impatient after she heard Evelyn continued denying. Seems like she’s not going to give up until shit hits the fan. Don’t blame me for being relentless then. 
While Vivian was thinking about the best way to make Evelyn talk, her phone rang suddenly. Then, she grabbed it and saw it was Finnick. 
After taking a glance at Evelyn, Vivian picked up the phone. Since this matter is related to Finnick, it’s better for him to come over and hear it from Evelyn himself. 
“Vivian, it’s me. How’s the plan going?” On the other end of the phone, Finnick’s voice sounded anxious. Though he promised Vivian he would let her solve this matter herself, he was still worried that she would be unable to handle Evelyn’s ruthlessness and let herself get hurt again. 
“Everything is running smoothly. I’m at Hunter’s house now. You can come over as well since there’s something I want you to listen to,” Vivian replied. 
“Alright, I’ll go over now. Wait for me.” After hearing her words, Finnick immediately responded. 
After hanging up the phone, Vivian dangled the phone in front of Evelyn and asked, “Do you know who just called me?” 
Evelyn who was naked at that moment couldn’t even care about that as she replied, “You b*tch, quickly let go of me! Vivian, you will pay for doing this. You will definitely be punished!”
“I will be punished?” Vivian glared coldly at her and said, “Evelyn, you’re just asking for it. You’re being punished for what you’ve done to me in the past. You deserve all of this!” 
“Had you listened to me and divorced Finnick back then, I wouldn’t have to ask someone to kidnap you. It’s all your fault. Vivian, you asked for it and you can’t blame me for it!” 
Evelyn shouted at Vivian indignantly. She looked like a crazy woman as her hair had scattered all over the place and stuck onto her tear-stained face. 
While hearing that Evelyn was still being so unreasonable, a sense of helplessness suddenly washed over Vivian. How could I reason with someone like her? Maybe she’s used to having a victim mentality and always think that others are bullying her. 
After taking a deep breath, Vivian laughed at herself inwardly. I even wanted to hear Evelyn apologize to me. How silly of me, I must be dreaming. 
“Evelyn, I might as well just tell you. The person who called me earlier was Finnick. I want you to personally tell him about what happened back then.” 
After hearing Vivian said that she had called Finnick over, Evelyn panicked and said, “Why did you ask him to come over? Let me tell you, I have nothing to do with what happened back then. It’s no use even if you ask Finnick to come over.” 
“Really?” Vivian responded flatly, “I hope you can still be this stubborn later.” Having said that, Vivian walked over to pick up Evelyn’s clothes and put them back on for her. 
As Evelyn glanced at Vivian’s mouth curled into a faint smile, a palpable fear surged through her. It was clear that the person in front of her was not the same Vivian she used to manipulate and toy with.
“What the heck are you going to do?” Evelyn’s voice trembled as she stared into Vivian’s eyes, as if she had met a devil. “Vivian, I’m warning you. Don’t you do anything reckless!” 
As Vivian put the jacket on Evelyn haphazardly, she ignored her and immediately went to the bathroom. 
After washing her hands repeatedly with soap, the discomfort in Vivian’s heart slowly dissipated. Although she wasn’t sure why she suddenly experienced a feeling of not being able to breathe. 
As she lifted her head and looked in the mirror, her mind flashed back to the scene where she was almost insulted. No, I can’t be soft-hearted. Evelyn deserves this. What happened back then must be settled and end today. 
Seeing Vivian walking out, Evelyn immediately shouted at her, “You are never going to expose those photos. Let’s talk civilly. You can’t be so vile!” 
Initially wanting to open the door and look for Hunter, Vivian rushed towards Evelyn after hearing her talk like that. Her eyes were aglow with spite as she stared back at her.
###Chapter 730
Chapter 730 
“I’m vile? Not only have you asked someone to insult me, what about those things you said while you were busy recording the video clip. Also, you and Mark threatened Finnick to publicize the client data. Did you forget about those so quickly! Do you want to talk civilly? Alright, you can talk civilly with Finnick later and tell him what actually happened back then!” 
“What happened back then was all planned by Mark alone. I have nothing to do with that, so what do you want me to say? Quickly let go of me!” 
Deciding she no longer wanted to listen to Evelyn’s useless nonsense anymore, Vivian walked toward the door and opened it. Then, she saw Hunter waiting with an anxious look on his face. 
“Vivian, are you okay?” Hunter scanned Vivian from head to toe, worried that she might have been bullied. 
“I’m fine.” Vivian replied as she shook her head. She then stepped aside and let Hunter in. 
After seeing Evelyn’s unkempt appearance, Hunter frowned, turned to look at Vivian and asked, “What’s going on?” 
Vivian breathing became more rapid but she pretended to be unfazed. “I just took some photos that will force her to tell the truth.” 
The truth? Hunter paused for a moment and asked, “Are you referring to the kidnapping of Finnick back then, as mentioned earlier?” 
“Yes.” Vivian nodded her head. “That time when Finnick and I had yet to divorce, I suspected Evelyn was involved in this matter. After that, many things happened, so I did not investigate further. Since Evelyn brought it up, I must make her tell the truth this time!”
After hearing Vivian’s words, Hunter’s heart sank. It seems like Vivian cares about Finnick more than I think. If she truly doesn’t love him anymore, then how could she be so obsessed with finding out the truth about the incident back then? 
Evelyn grew hopeful as she saw Hunter come in. ”Hunter, let me out. We’ve known each other for so many years, and you can’t just watch me die without doing anything. Please ask Vivian to let me out.” 
Hunter felt uneasy when he saw Evelyn spoke with such a pitiful expression on her face. Throughout the years he had known her, he was used to seeing her with a proud and domineering appearance all the time. It was the first time he had seen her begging so miserably. 
At the end of the day, it is her fault that she has ended up in such a difficult position. She wouldn’t have been caught up in our plan if she isn’t trying to harm someone deliberately. 
Dingdong! Dingdong! While Hunter was thinking about that, the doorbell rang. 
As Vivian was about to open the door, Hunter stopped her and hinted with his eyes that she should be careful. It wouldn’t be good for them to be seen since they had held Evelyn in captive. 
“It’s Finnick. I told him to come here earlier.” Vivian smiled to reassure Hunter not to worry, then she walked toward the door and opened it. 
Finnick let out a sigh of relief after seeing Vivian was safe and sound. However, he asked again out of concern, “Vivian, are you alright?” 
“I’m fine.” After closing the door, Vivian looked at Finnick and said, “The reason why I asked you to come here is for you to hear the truth about your abduction back then.” 
“What do you mean?” I don’t understand. Wasn’t it confirmed that Mark was the one who planned that abduction back then? Is there anything else I don’t know about?
Without answering Finnick’s question, Vivian brought him to Evelyn. “Go on and tell him what actually happened during the kidnapping back then.” 
Seeing that Finnick had finally appeared, Evelyn felt the hope in her heart completely shattered. I can never let Finnick know about what happened back then. If he finds out about it, I will end up like Mark. I don’t want to go to prison. Over my dead body! 
Since Finnick had already known of Vivian’s plan, he wasn’t surprised to see Evelyn there. However, he was taken aback by Vivian’s question. 
“Vivian, what have you found out?” Finnick asked with a serious expression on his face. Wasn’t Evelyn a victim as well during the kidnapping back then? Why is Vivian asking such a question? 
“It’s not something I have found out. When I pretended to be unconscious earlier, she got carried away and said it herself. It was she and Mark who planned that kidnapping incident back then.”
###Chapter 731
Chapter 731 
After she had explained to Finnick, Vivian continued to ask Evelyn again, “Earlier, you said that you planned the kidnapping in order to save the Morrisons. Since Finnick is here, go ahead and explain what that means?” 
“You are uttering nonsense. This woman is talking nonsense. She just wants to accuse me!” Evelyn cried out in pain to Finnick. “I didn’t even say such a thing and what happened back then had nothing to do with me at all.” 
“Even now, you want to deny it.” After hearing Evelyn’s retort, Vivian was fuming. “I wasn’t the only one who heard you say that. Hunter heard it as well. We heard you clearly.” 
Upon hearing Vivian’s words, Hunter nodded at Finnick and said, “She did say that earlier.” 
Finnick’s face darkened immediately. In the past, he believed that the kidnapping was done by Mark alone, and he had taken revenge by sending Mark to prison. It never occurred to him that Evelyn would be involved in the incident. 
Finnick stepped forward and stared at Evelyn with darkened eyes. “How were you involved in what happened back then? Why did you and Mark conspire to kidnap me?” 
Evelyn saw Finnick trust what they said, then she tried to talk herself out of the situation in a panic mode. “No, I did not conspire with Mark. Did you forget, Finnick? I was also kidnapped along with you. We were so in love back then and you were my boyfriend. How could I conspire with someone else to kidnap you?” 
Evelyn was filled with resentment as she stared at Vivian and Hunter. “I didn’t say those words. It’s the two of them who were working together to intentionally use those words against me! They already had
everything planned out before you arrived. Vivian, you’re so shameless. Not only did you seduce Hunter, you even asked him to cooperate with your schemes. Everything I say is true, you have to believe me Finnick. Because I love you so much, I will never harm you in any way. I swear to God.” 
Seeing that Evelyn had not only refused to admit what she had said, but she also made up stories about Hunter and her, Vivian was furious as she pointed at Evelyn and scolded, “Evelyn, stop accusing others. Previously, you…” 
Before Vivian could finish speaking, Evelyn interrupted in a stern voice, “Vivian, those words were obviously made up by you. I have never said such a thing and you’re trying to frame me!” 
While looking at Finnick with a desperate look, Evelyn continued, “Listen to me Finnick, Vivian wants to ruin our relationship and find a way to be with you again. I even heard Hunter and her talking earlier about how they want to steal your assets and then live abroad happily with your money. Don’t be fooled by their lies!” 
After hearing Evelyn talking more and more outrageously, Vivian couldn’t stand it anymore, and Hunter’s face was as dark as Finnick’s. 
Although he felt uneasy to see Evelyn in this state earlier, he really wanted to spit on her face and tell her she deserved this treatment. Someone like her didn’t deserve sympathy. 
Vivian took her phone out and opened Twitter, importing the pictures she had taken earlier. 
Vivian pointed the screen at Evelyn with anger in her eyes and said, “Evelyn, you better be clear before you speak. What actually happened back then? If you dare to talk nonsense again, I’ll publish these photos right now.”
Looking at the phone screen, Evelyn panicked and cried to Finnick, “You have to believe me, Finnick. I’m not uttering nonsense. As you can see, Vivian is threatening me. She drugged me earlier and took photos of me as a threat! She even said that if I don’t do according to what she says, she will publicize these photos.” 
“Evelyn!” Vivian was so furious that she could not speak after hearing her retaliation. How can someone be so shameless to this extent?
###Chapter 732
Chapter 732 
Finnick went and stood beside Vivian, who was shaking angrily, and gently placed his arm around her shoulder. After that, he glared at Evelyn furiously and said, “I believe Vivian. It’s time you come clean today and tell me what happened back then. Otherwise, I will never let you go.” 
Since he had lost trust in Evelyn a long time ago, Finnick did not take what she said seriously at all. The number of times she lied to him made it impossible for him to ever trust her again. 
Evelyn broke down as soon as Finnick said that. Even after all her effort to stay clear of the kidnapping incident, she hadn’t expected him to not believe her. 
“Why don’t you believe me? What I said is true. It’s Vivian who is lying to you. Why do you believe her and not me!” Evelyn’s heart was filled with despair. If Finnick has made up his mind not to trust me, what else can I do to get out of this situation? 
Vivian was a little touch and she looked at Finnick, who was standing beside her, she was struck by his stern gaze—it was unlike anything she had ever seen before. He did not believe Evelyn’s words, it would be easier to deal with her moving forward. 
Vivian moved her finger to the send button and said coldly, “Evelyn, stop acting. No one is going to believe you. If you’re still insisting not talk tell what happened back then, don’t blame me for publicizing these photos.” 
“Don’t you dare!” Evelyn saw that Vivian was about to press on the screen and she panicked. However, she wasn’t willing to admit to her evil deed yet. 
“Finnick, believe me. I…” Evelyn was still trying to convince Finnick to believe in her. If he didn’t believe Vivian’s words, then she had nothing to be afraid of.
She suddenly stopped talking when she saw Finnick’s eyes staring at her. It was as if he was staring at her while she was putting on a show and there was a sense of mockery in them. He doesn’t trust me, he will never trust me again. 
When Evelyn realized that, she didn’t know what to do. It was only Finnick’s trust in her that she could rely on throughout the entire situation. What should I do now? Am I really going to allow Vivian to publicize my naked photos? 
“Are you still not going to tell the truth?” Vivian was about to press the send button. She knew that Evelyn wouldn’t feel remorse until she was doomed. If she still insisted on not saying anything, then no one could blame her for what she was going to do next. 
After seeing Vivian was about to press on the screen, Evelyn broke down into tears and shouted, “No… no! I’ll tell you! I’ll tell you the truth about the kidnapping back then!” 
Vivian put down her phone and took a step back. “Evelyn, you better come clean and stop trying to get away with your tricks. Otherwise, I will definitely publicize these photos.” 
Vivian’s threat left Evelyn gritting her teeth with hatred. However, she had no choice but to give in. Considering how Finnick had lost trust in her, and Vivian had the pictures, she wasn’t sure what else she could do besides telling the truth about the situation. 
As Evelyn didn’t dare look Finnick in the eye, she lowered her head in grief and cried out the truth about the kidnapping case. 
“After my parents died in an accident, my brother and I were the only Morrisons left. At that time, I was still too young so it was only my brother handling both the company and the family. However, my brother had little to no experience back then, that was why those directors of the Morrison Group did not take him seriously and wanted to get the shares in my brother’s hands by all means. Furthermore,
not only did those people who were affiliated with the Morrison family not help my brother, they even got together with the others to bully us seeing that we were young. They even wanted to take away the Morrison family’s property.” 
Having said that, Evelyn’s face was full of resentment. “Those bas*ards who only seek their own benefit used to butter up my parents to gain advantage when the Morrison family was in its glory days. In general, my parents treated them pretty well and gave them opportunities to make money. When the Morrison family faced difficulties and needed their help, they all ignored us and no one offered to help! 
My brother was in a very difficult situation because in addition to dealing with matters in the company, he had to be cautious about those who claimed to be our family members. Despite this, he never complained once and always made sure that I was living a comfortable life. As a result, I had no idea that the Morrison family was already facing so many problems at that time.”
###Chapter 733
Chapter 733 
Evelyn choked as she continued talking. “My brother was the person who loved me the most and cared for me since I was a child. He would promise me anything I asked for and carry all the burdens alone. He has never let me suffer.” 
That was why she hated Vivian in the first place. Not only had she taken away her position as the Morrison family’s precious daughter, but she also took away her only family, the person who had cared for her most. Without Benedict, no one would care for her that way anymore. 
“However, I found out about this in the end.” Evelyn continued, “One day in school, I fought with a girl with whom I didn’t see eye to eye but behave in front of me. However, she acted rather arrogantly toward me that day. Not only did she say that the Morrison Group was going to file for bankruptcy very soon, she told me that I would lose my status and the privileges. In short, I wouldn’t be able to treat her like I used to.” 
Evelyn could still remember how arrogant that girl was to her then. Every time she thought about her, she felt compelled to go up and scratch her ugly face! 
“I was very angry at that time. After having a big argument with her, I ran home and wanted to ask Benedict about everything. However, when I arrived home, I saw him pleading and desperately talking to someone in the living room. I tried to eavesdrop on their conversation out of curiosity. Then, I discovered that person was an investor in the Morrison Group. After my parents passed away, he was not sure that my brother would be able to manage the Morrison Group well, so he wanted to retract his money. Ben tried every way to persuade him. He promised the investors he would manage Morrison Group well and not lose their money by any means. But not only was that person not interested, but he also said he wanted to withdraw his investments and Ben must compensate him for any breach of contract. Until the investor left, I saw Ben sitting on the sofa alone, gazing at the effigy of my parents.
As he mumbled to himself, he said he was useless for not being able to protect his sister and the Morrison Group.” 
Evelyn said with tears streaming down her face as her emotions had been completely caught up in the memories. The period back then in her life was definitely one of her most unforgettable experiences. 
“To me, Ben was the most excellent and proud person. I have never seen him grovel to others before. I was terrified at that moment because I realized I could no longer secure my position as the privileged daughter of the Morrison family. In the end, I decided that no matter what method I choose, I must restore the Morrison family to its former glory in order to maintain my lifesyle.” 
Having said that, Evelyn’s eyes shone with a rare determination. In fact, she admitted that she was more concerned about herself than Benedict or the Morrison family. In comparison with the girls around her, her family background was the best, and she was showered with all kinds of luxury. Unfortunately, there was a possibility of losing everything and it was something she couldn’t bear to think about. 
If this was really the end of the Morrison family, who would still treat me with respect? If my future days were going to be same as today, does that mean I will be ridiculed by those who looked down on me before? 
The mere thought of such a life drove Evelyn insane. If the Morrison family’s tragic fate was really irreversible, she’d rather die than live such a miserable life. 
As Vivian heard Evelyn’s words, she couldn’t help but feel some sadness in her heart. Without anybody’s support back then, it must be very difficult for Benedict to support everything on his own, right? 
During those years of living with him, she was always protected from any difficulties or crises by her brother. In addition, he took care of her in every way, never letting her suffer even the slightest bit.
However, what about those early years? Those years when he was still a teenager and had to carry those pains, who was there to help him when he wasn’t so strong? 
As she wiped away her tears with her hand, Evelyn continued, “I talked to many people without Ben’s knowledge, but those people were either incapable of helping or unwilling to help. I went and look for all the people I knew but I couldn’t find anyone who was willing to help my family.”
###Chapter 734
Chapter 734 
“It was then that I realized all my friends and those who were close to me were just bullsh*t! We would act like we had the best relationship when things were fine and we went shopping and eating out. When things did not go well, no one stepped forward to help and everyone ran away for fear of getting into trouble,” Evelyn sneered. 
Finnick interrupted all of a sudden. “Why didn’t you come and see me?” After hearing that, Vivian looked at him and noticed his eyes were filled with an inexplicable emotion. 
Vivian gripped her chest with her hand as she felt her heart sink. It seemed as if she had an insurmountable block in her heart and she felt insufferable. 
Could it be that Finnick still cares about Evelyn? Otherwise, why would he ask her that? 
Hunter, who had been watching Vivian closely, took a step forward in fear that she might not be feeling well when he saw her gesture. 
As soon as Hunter took a step, he stopped in his tracks as something came to his mind. Then, he smiled bitterly and then retreated back to his original position. 
While Finnick and Vivian focused on listening to Evelyn, no one noticed Hunter’s hesitant movements except for himself. 
After hearing Finnick’s question, the corners of Evelyn’s lips curled up helplessly as she responded, “Indeed. At that point, I also realized there was only one way to get the Morrison Group out of trouble, which was to seek help from Norton Corporation. But what good would it do if I went to see you? At that time, you and I were about the same age, you have no power, and you also did not own any shares in Norton Corporation then. How could you help me then?”
Finnick’s eyes darkened after hearing Evelyn said that. Although he hated the despicable Evelyn now, he had to admit that he did like her very much when he was young. Besides Samuel, she was the most important person in his life. 
He would have asked his grandfather to help the Morrison Group if she had come to him. Seeing that his grandfather loved him very much, he would have agreed to do that. 
It turned out that she had been thinking about him as a useless rich kid at the time who was not cognizant enough for her to ask for help. 
“So you went and asked for help from Mark?” Vivian asked immediately. Is this why they conspired to kidnap Finnick? 
As she avoided looking at Finnick, Evelyn’s voice trembled as she said, “Yes, I had no choice but to go and see Mark. He was the only one who could help me back then, and he was the only one who was willing to do so. Norton Corporation and Morrison Group’s collaboration would give Morrison Group a chance to make a comeback again.” 
After a short pause, Evelyn’s eyes were filled with mockery as she continued, “However, I also knew that Mark would not help me for nothing. No one would help me for nothing as everyone has their own interests in mind. No one will do anything that is not in their own interest.” 
“So what did you promise him?” While clenching his fists, Finnick’s veins became visible on his forehead as he asked furiously. He knew what she was going to say next, but he wasn’t ready to accept it as the truth. How could they do that! 
Evelyn, whose eyes were filled with tears, couldn’t bear to look at Finnick’s expression any longer, then she lowered her head and mumbled, “So… so I made a deal with Mark. I told him that as long as he
can help the Morrison family get out of the difficult situation; I will help him get rid of the thorn in his heart, which was you, his own brother.” 
Evelyn raised her head and explained frantically, “Finnick, the reason I said that at that time was just to coax him. It was never my intention to cause you any harm, so please trust me! It was just a matter of coaxing him to save the Morrisons in dire strait.” 
Actually, Finnick was mentally prepared when he heard Vivian mention that Evelyn and Mark planned the kidnapping case together. However, he wasn’t able to hold back the shock and grief in him the moment he heard Evelyn’s confession. 
Despite the two of us being madly in love with each other, Evelyn could even go to such great lengths as to sacrifice my life in order to save the Morrisons and to maintain her status.
###Chapter 735
Chapter 735 
He was devoted to Evelyn that time and treated her as the closest person to him. He never hide anything from her because he trusted her fully and adored her. 
Growing up, Mark never liked him and he knew it since he was not a dimwit. Every time he saw other siblings living harmoniously together, he couldn’t help but feel sad and expressed his feelings to Evelyn. It never occurred to him that Evelyn would take advantage of his trust and use him as a bargaining chip against Mark. 
No matter how much love he gave her throughout the years, it meant nothing to her. She would even betray the relationship they had for many years so easily. The most absurd thing was that he didn’t even notice after all these years. 
“As you said earlier Evelyn, you like Finnick a lot. If you really did like him, how could you do such a cruel thing to him!” 
After hearing Evelyn’s confession about her conspiring with Mark, Vivian couldn’t help but shout angrily at her. In her opinion, she believed that wealth was something that could be earned but not forced. Considering how precious human life is, why would anyone sacrifice another person’s life for some selfish means? 
Upon hearing that, Evelyn laughed uncontrollably as her face was drenched in tears. “Vivian, what do you know? Have you ever had the experience when everything around you falls apart, have you ever gone through that before! If I hadn’t done that, I would lose my status as the privileged daughter of the Morrison family. Then, how could I be with Finnick? I did that because I loved him!” 
“You need to kill him because you loved him?” Vivian scoffed at such absurdity. “Evelyn, don’t you think what you just said is absolutely ridiculous?”
“Of course, a low-life like you wouldn’t be able to understand any of that!” Evelyn argued with an agitated expression. “Finnick is the heir to the Norton Corporation. In the event that Morrison Group were to go bankrupt, what would become of me and my family? Will the Nortons approve of our relationship? As long as I can keep my status as the proud daughter of Morrisons, we would have a chance at being together forever!” 
While staring at Evelyn in disbelief, Vivian was at a loss for words. I don’t understand how someone’s logic can be so twisted to this degree. At the end of the day, she cared more about herself than Finnick. In spite of this, she refused to admit it to herself and chose to call it ‘love’ instead. 
“Keep talking.” Finnick stared at Evelyn nonchalantly while he said that. No one could tell what he was thinking. 
“Finnick, I really do love you but it was impossible for me to just watch the Morrisons ruined without doing anything. Therefore, I chose to work with Mark. However, I swear to God that I didn’t intend to put your life at risk. I was only lying to Mark when I said those things to him. I was just thinking…” 
Since she was not able to decipher Finnick’s expressions, Evelyn came up with a range of excuses. Before she could continue explaining, Finnick interrupted her. 
“Keep talking!” Finnick exclaimed impatiently as his tone rose, interspersed with rage. You didn’t intend to put my life at risk? That’s a nice way to spin it. I was lucky to be able to escape from that. Who would she say that to if things turned out badly! 
Now, I want to hear how my own brother and my ex-girlfriend conspired to harm me in detail. 
Evelyn’s heart was filled with fear as she trembled after hearing Finnick’s words. After so many years with Finnick, she knew that this time things were different from the past, and she was afraid that he would not let her off so easily.
Evelyn’s entire body trembled, then she bit her lips, cleared her throat and said, “After Mark gave me his word, he asked me to find a way to bring you somewhere far so that he could get someone to kidnap you.” 
Evelyn took a quick glance at Finnick and she panicked. “During that time when we went out for fun, Mark sent some people to follow us and waited for an opportunity to attack.” 
After hearing that, Finnick clenched his fists so tight that his joints started to crack. He also remembered that Evelyn’s mood during that time was not very good as well. However, when he asked her about it, she refused to tell him anything.
###Chapter 736
Chapter 736 
Later that day, she said that she was bored and wanted to have some fun, so he agreed immediately and drove her to the suburbs with him. 
But in the end, this was all just a trap waiting to get sprung on him. 
Vivian lowered her head and glanced at Finnick’s hand when she heard a cracking sound. It wasn’t clear if he was shocked or angry, but his hand was trembling slightly. After a moment of hesitation, she reached out and grabbed his hand. 
After so many years, the truth is finally out. To find out that he was betrayed and hurt by the person he used to trust the most, his heart must be aching really bad right now. 
With the warmth emanating from her hand, Finnick was finally able to relax his tense body. He turned around to look at the worried Evelyn while he tried to calm himself down. Then, he grasped Vivian’s hand to reassure her that he was fine. 
Hunter’s eyes darkened as he looked at the two hands clasped together in front of him. Evelyn, whose head was down, did not see the interaction between the two. As she continued explaining what happened back then, her voice still trembled. 
“After that, you knew what happened. Mark told the kidnappers to drug us, tie us up, and take us to that broken warehouse.” Having said that, Evelyn looked up cautiously at Finnick and she was shocked to see both of them holding hands. 
Evelyn felt infuriated as jealousy replaced fear in her eyes. Although she worked so hard over the years, in the end, it was another woman who benefited and was to marry Finnick.
As Vivian saw Evelyn’s expression change, she also realized that something was wrong. Then, she hurriedly retracted her hand Finnick was holding on to. After regaining her composure, Vivian asked, “During my investigation five years ago, I discovered that you left the fire scene alone. What about that?” 
Evelyn’s resentment towards Vivian increased when she heard Vivian’s question. Why does she deliberately ask me so many questions? Is she trying to ruin my relationship with Finnick completely? 
As Evelyn saw Finnick’s ice-cold look, she knew she had no choice but to answer at that moment. “I, I wasn’t really drugged and I was conscious back then. Mark told those people to pretend to kidnap me. Thus, I was able to untie myself easily and leave the scene.” 
“Then, you left Finnick all alone there!” Vivian was furious and shocked after hearing Evelyn’s words. “Didn’t you say you had no intention of hurting him previously? Do you know how dangerous it was to leave a person alone in that situation? It’s obvious you were trying to get him killed!” 
Finnick was touched when he heard Vivian was full of rage over Evelyn’s statement. Since she is so angry because of me, does that mean she still cares deeply for me? 
The thought of that made Finnick feel utterly regretful. Five years ago, Vivian told him that she suspected Evelyn had escaped the fire scene on her own. However, not only did he not trust her, he even thought that she was trying to frame Evelyn because she was jealous and envious of her. 
Come to think of it, if I had believed her and investigate extensively on that matter back then, then the truth would have come to light sooner and we wouldn’t have to separate for so many years. 
“I did not.” Evelyn denied frantically, then she turned to Finnick and said, “Finnick, you have to trust me. I didn’t intend to hurt you. It was Mark, I never thought he would be so relentless. I even untied your rope when I was leaving because I was worried you’ll be in danger. I didn’t want you to die!”
“Since your intention was just to cause me harm, why did you pretend to be dead and went abroad?” Finnick said coldly while ignoring Evelyn’s useless explanation. 
“I… I…” Evelyn’s eyes darted everywhere as she struggled to speak. 
“Why!” Finnick’s voice grew louder as he asked his question a second time. His body emitted a massive aura that filled the room. 
“It’s Mark!” As she was frightened by Finnick, Evelyn pushed all the blame to Mark. “Mark was afraid that people would start investigating this matter, so he told me to pretend to be dead and go abroad. He… he even gave me a huge sum of money so I wouldn’t tell anyone and to never come back again.”
###Chapter 737
Chapter 737 
Even so, Evelyn felt guilty and didn’t dare to look at Finnick. In reality, she was the one who came up with the idea of pretending to be dead and going abroad to avoid being investigated. She came up with that idea so that Mark would promise her as soon as possible. 
She also used this as a reason to blackmail Mark. Therefore, not only did she take all the money given by the Nortons to save Finnick, but Mark also gave her a few millions of his own funds. She would be able to live a life of luxury abroad with so much money. 
“So who told you to come back?” Finnick’s eyebrows twitched as his face was filled with anger. They could sacrifice my life without hesitation for the sake of money and power. I feel sad for the young Finnick back then. 
“I came back for you,” Evelyn said tearfully. “Finnick, after I went abroad, I realized how important you were to me. It was impossible for me to forget you or to let go of our relationship. Throughout all these years, I have kept an eye on you. As soon as I learned you were married, I couldn’t hold it in any longer, so I came back.” 
Evelyn reached out to pull Finnick, but he dodged her. Then, she began crying more ferociously. “I really love you, Finnick. Even though so many years have passed, I still love you and have you at heart. I love you a thousand times more than Vivian, without you, I can’t live at all.” 
As Evelyn felt her hand regaining strength, she wheeled herself in front of Finnick and wanted to throw herself at him. 
“Finnick, we have spent many years growing up together. No one knows you better than I do, and no one suits you better than me. So let’s get back together, alright? Our life will be like how it used to be, with a lot of love and joy. Why don’t we get married? I will…”
“Enough!” As he pushed away Evelyn’s hand, Finnick’s face was fill with hatred. “Evelyn, I’m really disgusted by you!” 
“What? What did you say to me, Finnick?” After hearing his words, Evelyn was utterly shocked as she couldn’t believe what she had just heard. It’s impossible for Finnick to say that to me. 
“I said I’m disgusted by what you’ve just said.” As he glared coldly at Evelyn, Finnick repeated his words slowly. 
Disgusted? Finnick’s words instantly paralyzed Evelyn’s body. She felt as if her entire strength was drained and the fantasy she held in her heart suddenly vanished into thin air. 
“I made you feel disgusted, I actually made you feel disgusted…” Evelyn was lost in thought and in tears as she repeated her words. 
As Evelyn stared blankly at Finnick, her emotions took over, and she started shouting at him, “How can you say that to me? I love you so much that I gave up everything I had abroad to come back to you. I lost my family, both my legs and my job because of you. There is nothing left for me. How can you treat me like this!” 
“You have brought all these upon yourself, don’t blame anything on me!” Finnick said sternly, “If you didn’t do all those harmful things to Vivian back then, how would you end up being in such a situation? Am I the one who had wronged you after everything that had happened!” 
“But I really love you,” Evelyn screamed as tears rolled down her cheeks. While her eyes filled with desperation, her body leaned toward Finnick. 
“I did all those things because I love you, Finnick. All I wanted was for you to come back to me. We were so in love with each other, so why did you marry someone else? How can you end up with
someone else suddenly! Finnick, I love you. You have to believe that I really love you. Let’s get back together again, alright? Vivian is not worthy of you at all and I’m the only one who understands you. I will treat you well for the rest of my life, so why can’t we be together again like how we used to? I…” 
Vivian couldn’t bear to listen to Evelyn anymore, so she interrupted her abruptly. “You are not in love with him at all, you’re just doing it for selfish reasons. Compared to Finnick, you care more about fame and wealth, right?”
###Chapter 738
Chapter 738 
“Shut up, Vivian!” Evelyn turned to look at her. Then, she pointed at her and scolded her furiously. 
“What do you know? How could you say that I don’t love Finnick? When we were together, you weren’t even in the picture! We went to school and grew up together. He loves me and I love him too. The time we spent together was amazing. Who are you to come between us and mess things up!” 
After hearing Evelyn’s words, Finnick felt his rage bubbling from within once more. Just when he was about to ask her to shut up, Vivian had already voiced up with a tone full of rage. 
“If you really like him, why were you so cruel and conspire with others to harm him? In addition, you even said you needed to keep your status as the Morrison’s privileged daughter to be with him forever. Then, why did you pretend to be dead, go abroad and left him alone in the country?” 
“I, I…” Evelyn was suddenly at a loss for words, but after taking a moment to gather her thoughts, she replied, “However, I came back after that. And the reason for my return was because of Finnick. I love him! I told you earlier that I was just trying to coax Mark and that was why I went abroad. I’ve been trying to find ways to come back and my heart is always with Finnick.” 
Upon hearing that, Vivian smiled coldly and said, “Evelyn, don’t you think your excuse is ridiculous? Ultimately, you only love yourself. Have you ever wondered what would happen if Finnick did not escape from the fire? He could have been burned to death!” 
“He won’t!” Evelyn retorted loudly, “I untied his rope and I didn’t want him to die. I just wanted to save the Morrison family. I…” 
“How can you guarantee that Finnick would be able to escape just because you untied his rope!” Vivian asked sternly, “Did you even think of his safety when you flee the scene without him?”
After taking a deep breath, Vivian sneered as she glared at Evelyn. “Throughout these years, you said you have kept an eye on Finnick, correct? Alright then. Let me ask you this question. Since you’ve been getting news about him, you must have known about the disability on both his legs. Why did you not come back and take care of him at that time? Why did you only come back after finding out that he was pretending to be disabled?” 
“Back then, I…” Evelyn was so perplexed by the question that she was unable to answer it. 
“Evelyn, the reason why you say you love Finnick now is because he has become successful, and you cannot give up on such a good support. If Finnick was not in charge of Norton Corporation and Finnor Group now, would you still come back if his legs were really disabled? Would you still say that you like him?” Vivian questioned Evelyn indignantly. 
Evelyn was stunned when she heard Vivian’s questions. Initially, she was mad the moment she heard that Finnick had gotten married, especially since she knew he had married someone of average birth and appearance. Though she was mad then, she wondered why she had not thought about returning. 
Evelyn considered this question in her heart, but dared not think any further about it. No, I’m not that kind of person. I admit that I do care a lot about fame and wealth, but I love Finnick. I really love him. I didn’t have a single boyfriend when I was abroad for so many years because I couldn’t forget him. 
With the thought of that in mind, Evelyn regained her composure and screamed at Vivian, “Yes! I will still like him! Vivian, you don’t understand the bond Finnick and I have. Since we have been together so many years, how could you know how much we love each other? You don’t know anything, so what gives you the right to say that about me!” 
“I don’t want to know either.” Vivian didn’t want to listen to Evelyn anymore after hearing her meaningless words, since reasoning with someone like that was pointless.
Vivian pulled out her phone and planned to contact the police. Evelyn had already confessed that she conspired with Mark regarding the kidnapping back then, and Hunter and Finnick had also heard about it. With all the evidence in hand, she was going to make Evelyn pay for the crimes she had committed in the past. 
Just as she was pressing on her phone, they suddenly heard someone banging on the door. Vivian, Finnick and Hunter looked at each other and shook their heads, as they weren’t expecting anyone to show up at this time.
###Chapter 739
Chapter 739 
With her eyebrows creased deeply, Vivian was just about to step forward to open the room door when Finnick pulled her back and pushed her behind him. “We don’t know who’s in there yet, so let me open the door instead.” 
After saying that, he strode right up and opened the room door. When Vivian saw the person in the room after he’d forced the door open, her frown deepened. Why is she here? 
The moment Rachel saw that the door was opened, she shoved Finnick away and dashed into the room, her gaze darting everywhere. Noticing that Evelyn was indeed in there, she quickly rushed forward and shielded her. 
“Vivian, Evelyn didn’t do it deliberately, so don’t take offense at her, okay?” Rachel implored Vivian fervently on behalf of Evelyn. 
As Evelyn stared at the person standing in front of her with arms spread, a burst of joy infused her. I didn’t harbor any hope of surviving after Vivian coerced me to tell the truth about the incident back then, but never had I thought that even God would help me, and Rachel actually turned up at this time! 
All at once, she sobbed and whimpered in a hoarse voice, “Ms. Rachel… Ms. Rachel… I…” 
Rachel turned around and bent down before wiping the tears off Evelyn’s face. Then, she hugged her and comforted her, her voice choking as she reassured, “Everything will be fine. You’re fine now, Evelyn. Don’t be afraid. With me here, I’ll definitely protect you. I won’t allow anyone to hurt you.” 
After coaxing Evelyn for a while as though she were a kid, she whirled around and dropped to her knees before Vivian. “Vivian, Evelyn is indeed at fault this time, so I apologize on her behalf. Please forgive her this time and not take offense at her, won’t you? I beg you.”
Flustered at her sudden act of kneeling, Vivian hurried forward to pull her up. “Get up first. What are you doing on the ground?” 
However, Rachel grasped her hands and wailed, “Vivian, please let Evelyn go for my sake, okay? She didn’t do it deliberately, and I apologize on her behalf. I’m sorry. I’m sorry, Vivian. Just forgive her, won’t you? I’m not getting up if you don’t agree.” 
As Vivian listened to her pleading, a trickle of puzzlement crept into her amidst her alarm. She probably isn’t aware that Evelyn helped Mark to kidnap Finnick back then, so why is she begging me for mercy? 
All at once, the incident that transpired earlier flashed across her mind, and she remembered how Rachel seemed to have something to tell her yet hesitated when she bid her farewell in the kitchen. 
As understanding abruptly dawned, she pursed her lips. Staring at Rachel in disbelief, she asked, “You knew that Evelyn poisoned me when we were eating, didn’t you?” 
“It couldn’t have been deliberate on her part!” Rachel hastily blurted. “Vivian, she’s still young and guileless, so just regard it as a prank. Don’t take it to heart.” 
Upon hearing this, Vivian didn’t quite know whether she should blow her top or burst out laughing. A prank? She actually said that it was a prank! Do I simply hold no importance to her? 
Her entire being emanated sorrow as her heart turned chilly. 
“You realized that Evelyn poisoned me when I ate at your house, didn’t you?” she questioned, emphasizing every single word. “That’s why you were holding back something when I left. Why didn’t you tell me immediately? Were you not at all worried that something would happen to me?” 
“I… I didn’t mean that. Vivian, I was merely worried… I was worried…” Rachel didn’t know how to answer her, for she could naturally sense her grief. Thus, she couldn’t bring herself to say that she was
worried that Vivian would make Evelyn pay. 
But even if she didn’t say it, Vivian could guess her meaning. Why else would she do that if not for Evelyn Morrison’s sake? 
“You were worried that I’d make Evelyn pay, yes?” she queried with red-rimmed eyes, tears finally streaming down her cheeks. 
Gazing at her with eyes brimming with guilt, Rachel murmured, “I know this isn’t fair to you, and I should’ve told you at that time, Vivian. I apologize to you. I’m sorry. It’s on me. Everything is my fault, so take it out on me if you’re angry. Don’t take offense at Evelyn, okay?”
###Chapter 740
Chapter 740 
“Did you know what poison she used on me?” In the next moment, she roared in an enraged voice, “You were only worried that I’d make her pay, but had you ever considered what would have happened to me? Did you know that if Finnick hadn’t sent me to the hospital in time, I might have… have…” Vivian couldn’t quite continue as tears suddenly assailed her. 
This isn’t the first time. She has chosen to sacrifice me time and again when it came down to a choice between me and Evelyn. Even if I’m not her biological daughter, she raised me. How could she disregard me like this? 
Upon hearing that, the guilt within Rachel doubled, and she even started prostrating herself. As she did that, she sobbed, “I wronged you, Vivian. It’s all on me, so just take it out on me. Revisit whatever retribution you want on me, but please have mercy on Evelyn and let her go, won’t you?” 
As Vivian looked down at her hair that was streaked with white, her tears flowed all the swifter. She hastily bent down and stopped her bodily, trying hard to help her up. 
However, Rachel kept herself on the ground and simply refused to get up. “Vivian, promise me to let Evelyn go, won’t you? I won’t get up unless you promise. I’ll continue kneeling until you agree.” 
Upon seeing this, Finnick, who was at the side, promptly went forward to lend a hand. This is simply preposterous! 
When Rachel saw that Vivian was merely helping her up while crying yet reluctant to forgive Evelyn, she begged Finnick instead. “Finnick, help me persuade Vivian and ask her to forgive Evelyn, won’t you?”
“Rachel, this matter is very complicated. Neither Vivian nor I will ever forgive Evelyn, so you should just get up first,” Finnick urged as he pulled her up. “Get up, and we’ll talk about this slowly.” 
Nevertheless, Rachel was all the more adamant to stay on her knees. “Please have mercy and let her go. I promise to keep a close eye on her in the future so that she can never again interfere in your relationship. Just live your lives and stop pursuing her past mistakes, won’t you?” 
Neither Finnick nor Vivian spoke, merely exerting greater force to yank her up. Neither of us will ever forgive and take mercy on Evelyn for everything she’d done throughout the years! 
With their combined strength, they finally managed to haul her up before dragging her over to the sofa for a seat. Nonetheless, Rachel refused to give up, begging them for forgiveness as she clutched at them fervently. 
As Evelyn looked on at the situation before her, panic inevitably assailing her. It looks like they’re determined to have me pay since they’re both unwilling to relent despite Rachel having begged them for such a long time! 
When she thought about the consequences she might face, her terror grew as she mulled it over. Will I end up like Mark? No! I don’t want that! Panic flashed in her eyes, and she racked her brains for a way to get herself out of this. 
Meanwhile, just as Vivian was still at a loss in the face of Rachel’s tearful pleading, she suddenly heard Hunter shouting, “What are you trying to do, Evelyn?” 
The moment they heard his bellow, the three of them promptly snapped their heads back, only to see Evelyn struggling in the wheelchair, seemingly trying her best to escape. However, her legs tripped her up, and her head slammed into the corner of the coffee table at the side. Blood immediately gushed out, creating an exceedingly terrifying sight.
“Evelyn!” Upon seeing this, Rachel no longer bothered to beg for mercy. Scrambling up, she stumblingly rushed over to Evelyn and pulled her into her embrace. 
At the sight of the blood all over her daughter’s face, she didn’t know what to do for a moment. She wanted to reach out and wipe the blood off, yet she was also afraid that it’d aggravate her wound. 
Hugging Evelyn carefully, she broke down in tears. “Are you okay, Evelyn? Oh God, Evelyn, please don’t scare me. Open your eyes and look at me. Please be okay.” 
However, Evelyn had already fallen unconscious at this time, so she couldn’t hear Rachel, much less respond to her. 
“I’ll bring you to the hospital right away! You’ll be fine, Evelyn. You must hold on. I don’t want to live either if something happens to you!” Rachel howled as she wept, trying her best to carry Evelyn up.
###Chapter 741
Chapter 741 
However, Rachel had just been discharged from the hospital, and she was weak in the first place, so she couldn’t possibly carry Evelyn. 
Upon seeing this, Vivian likewise hurried over to Evelyn. When she saw that the wound on her head was still gushing blood, a faint sense of fear pervaded her, and she worried that Evelyn might not have much time left. 
While she felt that death was a fitting punishment for Evelyn after having done so many grievous things, this shouldn’t be the way. She’ll naturally be punished for her crimes by the law in the future! 
“Don’t move her for the time being. Let’s call an ambulance first.” Vivian stopped Rachel from carrying her up, whipping out her phone and swiftly making a call to the hospital. 
After explaining the situation and giving the location to the medical personnel, she then hung up the phone. Subsequently, she wanted to take a closer look at Evelyn’s wound, but Rachel unexpectedly shoved her away. 
At this time, Rachel no longer bothered imploring her for mercy. Gripping by worry for Evelyn, she arbitrarily snapped, “Go away! Are you happy now that Evelyn has fallen unconscious? This is exactly what you wanted, no?” 
As Vivian fell to the ground at the forceful shove, she felt a bolt of excruciating pain in her arm. Aggravation instantly flooded her. How could she blame me for this? 
Seeing that, Finnick hastily rushed forward and helped her up. When he glimpsed the injury on her arm, his expression inexorably turned chilly.
“This isn’t Vivian’s fault, for Evelyn merely reaped what she sowed. If she hadn’t harbored the intention to harm someone else, would such a thing have happened? She schemed and sabotaged Vivian time and again. Don’t tell me you want Vivian to just indulge her?” 
Rachel was entirely petrified by the wound on Evelyn’s head at this moment, her entire person held captive by terror and worry. Hence, she paid his words no mind and even instinctively retorted, “Isn’t Vivian just fine? When had Evelyn ever managed to truly hurt her?” 
When Vivian heard this, the pain in her arm paled in comparison to the agony within her, and even Finnick shook slightly from fury. 
I’ve always respected her a lot since she’s Vivian’s elder, but this time, she has truly gone too far! She’s not worthy of my respect! 
Tears swam in her eyes as Vivian gently broke away from Finnick and walked to the side, not in the mood to say anything else. Finnick knew that she was anguished, but he couldn’t think of anything to comfort her. 
Noticing the graze on Vivian’s arm, Hunter quickly took out the first-aid kit in his house and walked over to her. “Let’s go over to the sofa and have a seat, Vivian. I’ll doctor your wound,” he murmured softly. 
Finnick went over and led her to the sofa with an arm wrapped around her shoulder. Then, he took the first-aid kit from Hunter with his other hand. “I’ll do it.” 
As Hunter stared at his bare hands after having the first-aid kit “snatched away,” he couldn’t help clenching his fists. However, he knew that Vivian’s injury took precedence now, so he didn’t say anything, merely suppressing the rage that kept rising within him.
Vivian, on the other hand, hadn’t the mental capacity to notice all that at this moment. She sat on the sofa quietly, allowing Finnick to help bandage her wound. 
Despite continually telling herself not to take it to heart, persuading herself that Rachel definitely didn’t mean it and was merely anxious, Rachel’s pain-filled wails of “Evelyn! Evelyn!” kept drifting into her ears. In the end, she could no longer keep her tears at bay. 
I thought she loved me this much as well. I still remember that I once accidentally tipped over the bowl when I was young, spilling hot soup on myself whereupon blisters formed on my hand from the burn. 
At that time, she was so distressed that tears streamed down her cheeks, and she hurriedly brought me to the hospital. On our way back after having my burn treated, she cradled me tenderly and blew on my injury lightly. 
To coax me to stop crying, she even bought many candies she was usually reluctant to buy. Back then, I truly felt that she was the best mother in the world. 
As Vivian recalled Rachel shoving her to the side with eyes teeming with resentment, bewilderment engulfed her. Why did our relationship turn sour ever since Evelyn’s appearance?
###Chapter 742
Chapter 742 
Finnick was carefully bandaging Vivian’s injury when he suddenly sensed a droplet splashing on his arm. When he looked up, he saw that she was silently crying, tears streaming down her face like a faucet. 
Meticulously tying the bandage, he then got up and sat down beside Vivian, holding her close to him in silent consolation. 
In no time, the ambulance arrived. The medical personnel transported Evelyn onto the stretcher and sent her to the hospital for treatment. 
As Rachel stared at the light that remained lit above the operating theater, she was restless, afraid that something would happen to Evelyn. When she spotted Vivian and the other two people who tagged along, she couldn’t help venting her anger on them. Of course, her main target was Vivian. 
“You’re happy now, huh?” Pointing a finger at Vivian, she castigated her, snarling, “I truly don’t understand why you won’t let Evelyn go! Yes, she did something bad to you, but you’re obviously fine. Why must you still pursue the matter?” 
“You can’t say that, Ms. Rachel.” At the side, Hunter could no longer keep his silence. “This time, it’s entirely Evelyn’s fault that she ended up in such a state. It was her who had me trick Vivian into the house, and she even wanted to poison Vivian again to kill her. I truly can’t bear to aid and abet her anymore, so I told Vivian about it and reminded her to be careful. Otherwise, it’d be Vivian whose life is hanging in the balance now.” 
Upon hearing this, Finnick’s gaze darkened dangerously. Kill Vivian? Evelyn is truly growing increasingly audacious! When she regains consciousness, I must figure out a way to eliminate her!
Meanwhile, Rachel was stunned for a moment before she shook her head resolutely, not at all believing Hunter. “Nonsense! My Evelyn is the kindest person, so how could she possibly do that? She did something wrong in the past because she didn’t know better, but she’ll never kill someone. Stop slandering her here!” 
The more Vivian heard from her, the harder her heart clenched. 
I just want to protect myself and uphold justice for myself when Evelyn attempted to kill me, yet she’s already this distressed, acting as though I’ve done something grievous to Evelyn! I’m not the one in the wrong! 
I never hoped that she’d side with me and feel sorry for me. Rather, I merely hoped that she’d view the matter between me and Evelyn ively instead of blaming me indiscriminately and defending Evelyn blindly. But from the look of things now, even that was too much to hope for! 
To her, everything Evelyn does is for a reason and can be forgiven. For God’s sake, she doesn’t even suspect her! If Evelyn truly succeeded in killing me this time, she’d certainly choose to help her keep it a secret! Compared to a biological daughter, an adopted daughter is nothing, after all! 
At this time, Rachel was still rebutting Hunter’s words emotionally. “I know all of you dislike Evelyn, but you can’t defame her like this! If she were truly this malicious, she wouldn’t have donated her bone marrow to me back then! You claim that she wanted to kill Vivian, but Vivian is safe and sound! Instead, it’s her…” 
As she spoke, her eyes turned red. “Instead, it’s her who’s in the operating theater now. If anything happens to her, I’ll never let you off the hook!” 
When Vivian heard this, a wave of bitterness swept across her. What does she mean by not letting me off the hook? Is she planning to have me pay with my life if something truly happens to Evelyn?
Despite being a renowned attorney, even Hunter was rendered speechless upon hearing this. In the meantime, Rachel was currently immersed in her own subjective world, so other people’s words had zero effect on her. While it was true that parents loved their children, this was simply too much. 
As Vivian listened to Rachel weeping ceaselessly at the side, begging God to save Evelyn with her hands clasped, she couldn’t even begin to describe her feelings at this time. 
At this precise moment, she felt a blanket of warmth enveloping her hand. Turning to the side, she saw that it was Finnick holding her hand beside her. 
Clutching her hand tightly, Finnick gazed at her with worry in his eyes. “It’s fine, for you still have me.”
###Chapter 743
Chapter 743 
As Vivian stared into Finnick’s sincere gaze, a burst of warmth finally bloomed in her frosted heart. The corners of her lips curved into a smile to indicate that she was fine. She was no longer sad now, merely having some feelings within her which she couldn’t quite describe. 
About two hours later, the light above the operating theater finally went off. The moment the doctor came out, Rachel rushed forward with anxiety and fear written all over her face. “How did it go, doctor? Is my daughter okay?” 
“She’s fine. The operation was very successful, so she’ll be fine after resting for a few days. The nurse will tell you the specifics later.” The doctor was exhausted after performing the operation, so he pivoted and left after saying that. 
Upon hearing that Evelyn was fine, the anxiety on Rachel’s face finally eased, and her heart that’d been in her throat settled back in her chest. 
Perhaps she was too tense earlier that her body couldn’t quite take it when her nerves suddenly relaxed, and she actually fainted right away. 
At this, Vivian hurriedly called a few nurses over, and they swiftly carried her to the adjacent room to rest. Finnick, on the other hand, made arrangements for Evelyn. 
When Vivian saw the nurse putting Rachel on an IV drip, she heaved a sigh and left the hospital room. In the past, I definitely would’ve stayed until she woke up, but now… A wry smile tugged at her lips, and she couldn’t help mocking herself. Now, I really don’t know how to face her. Besides, she probably doesn’t want to see me when she wakes up.
Just after she’d walked out of the hospital room, she caught sight of Noah in the corridor, asking the nurse something or other with an anxious expression on his face. 
Is he here to look for Finnick? As this thought occurred to her, she called out, “Over here, Noah!” 
Noah turned around upon hearing someone call out to him. He was stunned for a moment, seemingly having not expected to see her here. Thereafter, he promptly strode in her direction. 
“Is Mr. Norton here, Mrs. Norton? He called me earlier and asked me to come over to the hospital, but he didn’t tell me what happened. Don’t tell me he’s injured?” 
Vivian chuckled upon hearing that. Then, she replied, “He’s fine. It’s Evelyn who’s injured.” 
“Evelyn?” Noah frowned. “What exactly happened?” 
The woman hesitated for a moment, uncertain whether she should tell him about everything. But upon remembering that he was the person Finnick trusted most, she told him the truth about the kidnapping back then and repeated everything Evelyn admitted. 
“It was her?” Shock swamped Noah after he learned the truth. 
He knew better than anyone how malevolent Evelyn was. But never had he expected her to be so cruel and ruthless even at such a tender age. It’s truly horrifying if I were to dwell upon it! 
Gazing into Vivian’s trustful eyes, he felt utterly conflicted. Should I tell her the truth about what happened five years ago? Evelyn is an extremely evil person, so she should’ve long since received her due punishment. Am I really going to help keep all those misdeeds she’d done in the past a secret forever?
While looking at her remorsefully, he couldn’t help apologizing. “I’m sorry, Mrs. Norton. I shouldn’t have done that to you five years ago. I… I…” 
The words were on the tip of his tongue, but he lacked the courage to come clean about the incident back then. 
Meanwhile, Vivian’s gaze darkened upon hearing this. She still couldn’t forget the scene when Noah brought along men to force her to have an abortion five years ago. Every time she recalled the despair she felt, she couldn’t convince herself to forgive Finnick. How can I forgive him when he once treated me so callously? 
This matter was a gulf that stood between them. Despite him treating me no different from before – his concern and protectiveness tangible, I just can’t bring myself to bridge the gulf without any qualms. 
Inhaling deeply, she forced a smile. “You did nothing wrong in this matter. Back then, you were merely following orders, so if we’re assigning blame, it could only be Finnick’s fault. It wasn’t your fault, so you don’t have to apologize anymore in the future.”
###Chapter 744
Chapter 744 
With that, Vivian spun on her heels and left. Tears welled up in her eyes. She wanted to give Larry a family, but it was really difficult to let go of the past. 
Noah stood there silently as Vivian stalked away. He could sense her anguish. 
Silently, he chided himself. Mrs. Norton has never blamed me for that incident. But I’m a coward for not telling her the truth. Mr. and Mrs. Norton led separate lives for years even though they still love each other because of me. This won’t do! 
Guilt consumed his entire being. As his hands clenched into fists, Noah decided to reveal the truth this time. 
Vivian plopped down onto a bench in exhaustion. Noah’s sudden appearance reminded her of the terrible past. She couldn’t help but reconsider her current relationship with Finnick. 
She had already decided to accept Finnick to give Larry the perfect family. After all, Larry obviously wanted a father, and Finnick was courting her again. There was no need to dwell on the past. 
However, the moment she bumped into Noah, she realized she had overestimated herself. The past incident had left a thorn in her heart. On normal days, she could ignore it, but once something triggered it, the excruciating pain would attack her once again. It was too unbearable. 
If I end up with Finnick again, can I forget everything and live happily after going back and living with him? She questioned herself. 
However, she wasn’t sure of it as there was no guarantee. Besides, if they split up in the future, it would bring more harm to Larry.
Vivian took a deep breath and exhaled sharply. Her mind was in a muddle. 
Forget it. She shook her head. There’s no need to ponder over it. Nothing will come out of it, anyway. I should talk to Finnick to sort things out before coming up with a decision. 
Rising to her feet, she went to the ward to see if Evelyn had regained consciousness. At the door, she heard Evelyn’s voice rang out. Hmm? Is she talking to someone else? 
Curious, Vivian stopped outside and saw Finnick standing in front of Evelyn’s bed with his back to her. Evelyn was wailing and begging for his forgiveness. 
“I’m really sorry for what I did back then, Finnick. Please forgive me this once, alright? Please! I promise I’ll never repeat my mistake again,” pleaded Evelyn as she tugged on his sleeves pitifully. 
Finnick shoved her away as disdain flashed across his face. “Evelyn, I never expected you to be involved in my kidnapping. Do you really think I can forgive you? Hell, no! If you weren’t hurt, I would’ve sent you to jail!” 
“No! How could you do this to me?” Evelyn gripped the railing on her bed and howled. “I know I was wrong. I acted rashly back then. But, I did it for my family! I couldn’t stand aside and do nothing as my family collapse, could I?” 
“So you did nothing and watch as me descending into hell?” Finnick burst out angrily. The hatred in his voice was evident. 
He felt like a fool when he found out the truth after so many years. Back then, he thought Evelyn’s death was all his fault. If he hadn’t brought her to the countryside to let some steam off, his beloved wouldn’t have lost her life at a young age.
Finnick was wrecked with guilt and despair. The incident tormented him so badly to the point he couldn’t sleep at night. When he closed his eyes, the picture of Evelyn’s figure, struggling and yelling in the fire, would haunt his dreams. During the sleepless nights, he’d hug his pillow tight, sobbing and muttering his apology sorrowfully. He felt so remorseful for not being able to protect her. After all, he thought he had caused her death.
###Chapter 745
Chapter 745 
For over two years, he couldn’t break from the guilt that threatened to consume him whole. He had trouble falling asleep. Sometimes, he’d doze off due to exhaustion, but would jolt awake less than half an hour later as Evelyn’s screams haunted his dreams. 
The torment was too much for him to bear. In the end, he went to a psychologist. After a year of treatment, he finally broke of the illness. However, Evelyn remained an untouchable scar in his heart. 
Even though he got to know Vivian later and fell in love with her, there was still a spot for Evelyn in his heart. He just couldn’t forget how she died in front of his eyes. 
When Evelyn showed up at the graveyard, Finnick was utterly stunned. He was relieved to hear that she was rescued later on. The burden in his heart immediately disappeared without a trace. For the first time in years, he could relax. 
Finnick was already in love with Vivian, so even if Evelyn was still alive, he could no longer be with her. Still, he never suspected Evelyn’s words and actions. He had fallen out of love with her, but she was still a special someone to him. 
Later on, he broke up with Vivian and slowly got to know what Evelyn had done over the years. Gradually, he grew to despise her. Even so, he was disgusted with the person Evelyn had turned into. He had never regretted being childhood sweethearts with her in the past. 
They shared so many sweet memories together, so he still cherished them despite the change in Evelyn’s character. At least, or so he thought, they were innocent and sincere back then. 
Now that Finnick thought of it, there was nothing sweet about their past. Evelyn’s innocence? It was all his imagination. Nothing else. In fact, everything was a trap. The relationship which he cherished more
than anything else was nothing but a stepping stone to her. 
“I never wanted to harm you!” Sensing the hatred in Finnick’s words, Evelyn panicked instantly. “Finnick, trust me. I even untied you back then. I never wanted you to die. I love you so much. Why would I want you dead?” 
“Do you think I’ll still believe your words?” Finnick glared at her icily. 
“Finnick, won’t you put yourself in my shoes?” Evelyn wailed desperately. “I didn’t have another choice! Yes, I was too rash back then. But if you forgive me, I promise I won’t do it again!” 
“We grew up together, Finnick. You can’t do this to me.” She pleaded. “Remember how happy we were? We were so in love then! Did you forget everything?” 
“Stop talking!” When Evelyn started talking about their past, a wave of fury crashed through Finnick. How dare she mention our past? I’m nothing but a fool to her. 
“Evelyn, loving you was the most regretful and foolish decision I’ve ever done in my life. If I could turn back time, I won’t make your acquaintance!” 
His gaze was menacing and furious as he enunciated each and every word clearly, denying the relationship they had when they were young. 
Stunned, tears rolled down Evelyn’s cheeks. Her tears wetted the sheets. Why? How do things end up this way? I thought Finnick loves me. He forgave my mistakes over and over again. How could he say that? 
We used to be so blissful back then! How could he say he regretted getting to know me? How could he regret that?
What will happen to me now?
###Chapter 746
Chapter 746 
Seeing her astonished expression, Finnick snickered and turn to leave her ward. He had decided to make Evelyn pay for all her evil deeds to both Vivian and him. There was no need to spare her life now. He would settle the score with her one by one. 
As he was about to leave, Evelyn sprang up and tried to grab his arm, but her arm wasn’t long enough. 
“Finnick! Please don’t leave! Please!” In her struggle, Evelyn fell to the ground with a thud. She propped herself up and inched forward slowly. 
When Finnick heard the hubbub, he came to a stop and turned around. By then, Evelyn had wriggled her way to him and clutched the hem of his pants. 
Wailing pitifully, she pleaded, “Finnick, you can’t leave me alone. I have lost everything and you’re the only one I have now. If you leave, what will happen to me? I don’t want to be left alone!” 
“You won’t be alone. Mark will be with you.” Finnick lowered his gaze and announced cruelly. He no longer sympathized with Evelyn as she deserved this. She was going to pay for all her mistakes. 
Evelyn realized what he meant immediately. Despair crept up in her heart as she clung to his legs. “I don’t want to go to jail. Finnick, why are you this heartless?” She howled, “I’ve done so much for you over the years. You can’t hate me for that one incident!” 
Ignoring her howls, Finnick raised his leg to leave, but Evelyn refused to release her grip on his leg. Left with no choice, he roared, “Let go!” 
“No! I won’t!” Evelyn’s grip tightened. “Finnick, I love you. I love you dearly! I did everything for your sake! You can’t do this to me!”
“You did everything for yourself.” Vivian, who had overheard their entire exchange, strode in and mocked her. 
Evelyn’s eyes widened in surprise at Vivian’s sudden appearance. Did Vivian see how I beg for Finnick’s forgiveness? B*tch! How dare she hide outside and watch as I make a fool of myself! 
“Vivian, it was all your fault I ended up in this predicament! How dare you watch me make a fool of myself? You shall die a horrible death!” Evelyn hurriedly let go of Finnick and tried to sit up. She didn’t want Vivian to see her in this pathetic situation. 
“Shut up, Evelyn!” Finnick reprimanded her harshly. I can’t believe she’s still this arrogant. She’s not the least bit remorseful. 
“See? She hid outside to see me embarrass myself!” Evelyn pointed at Vivian and declared furiously. A fresh swell of rage rose in her after Vivian showed up. 
“She’s not a saint. She puts up an act in front of you, but actually, she’s a wicked woman. Don’t be tricked by her! She doesn’t love you at all.” Evelyn’s words were brutal. “No wonder she could manipulate Hunter so easily.” 
Before Finnick could come out with a retort, Vivian blurted out, “Evelyn, stop defaming me. You have no right to criticize me,” she scoffed. “Did you seriously think I have the time to hide outside deliberately to see you make a fool of yourself? Ha! Not everyone is as evil as you!” 
“You know what you did!” Evelyn retorted and stuck her nose up into the air. She might be in a crumpled heap on the ground, but that didn’t stop her from cursing Vivian. “Not everyone is gullible enough to believe your innocent act, Vivian. You’re nothing but a b*tch!”
Vivian was so furious to hear Evelyn’s words that her body started trembling profusely. Wow, I can’t believe she’s saying that. Vivian sneered inwardly. She’s the one who put up an innocent act all over the years, not me.
###Chapter 747
Chapter 747 
Vivian exhaled sharply and turned back to Evelyn. “Yes, I did it on purpose,” she scoffed. “I hid outside to see you embarrass yourself. Evelyn, what a good show. Let me give you a round of applause.” 
“I didn’t only watch it. I even recorded everything.” Vivian whipped out her phone and shook it tauntingly. “Do you want to watch your excellent performance?” 
“H-Hey!” Evelyn was at a loss for words. 
Vivian strode to Evelyn’s side and mocked, “You need to tell the truth even though it was an act to beg for forgiveness, Evelyn. I can’t believe you lied through your teeth and claimed it was for Finnick’s sake. You did everything for your own selfish reasons! You want to live in luxury!” 
“Shut the fck up!” Fury overtook Evelyn as she reached out to grab Vivian. “How long have you known Finnick, huh? Do you know him better than me?” She screamed, “Slt, how dare you say that? Who do you think you are?” 
“That’s enough!” Finnick pulled Vivian to his back deftly and yelled, “Stop your nonsense, Evelyn!” 
“Why are you defending her? Why is everyone on her side?” Seeing how quickly Finnick acted to protect Vivian, Evelyn broke down into a sobbing mess. Her face was full of snot and tears. “I love you! I’m the one who loves you the most in this world! Why can’t you see that?” 
Finnick flung his arm around Vivian and led her to the door. He was afraid Evelyn would hurt Vivian seeing how mentally unstable she was. 
Evelyn wanted to stop them from leaving, but she couldn’t walk. Stretching her hands out, she wailed, “Finnick, trust me! I’ll still love you even if you have lost everything! Vivian can’t do that! She’s just a lying wh*re!”
Ignoring her wails, Finnick brought Vivian out of the ward without hesitation. He even shut the door behind him. 
They strode ahead until Evelyn’s voice faded away. 
Finnick sighed and released his grip on Vivian’s arm before collapsing onto a bench along the hallway. He massaged his temples in exhaustion. 
He was drained mentally and physically. 
Vivian felt sorry for him. He must be overwhelmed by the truth. After all, he had been living in a lie for years. 
Vivian walked over and took a seat beside him out of concern, but she didn’t know how to comfort him. She wasn’t involved in his past and had no idea how hurt he was, so she couldn’t understand his plight. 
The only thing she could do was to stay by his side until he got over it himself. It would take some time for him to get over things. 
After a long while, Vivian blurted out ss Finnick was eerily silent, “Are you alright?” 
Finnick heard her and was finally stirred. He looked up and flashed a smile before saying, “I’m fine.” Yet, his smile was too forced. 
“It’s useless to dwell on the past. We should look ahead and move on,” Vivian consoled him. 
She knew her comforting words were very cliche, but there seemed to be nothing else she could say. Right now, pain ripped across her chest when she saw how upset he was. She wanted to share his pain and grief.
###Chapter 748
Chapter 748 
“I know.” Finnick nodded and shot her a grateful glance. “I can handle this. Don’t worry. At least I’ve discovered the truth of that kidnapping incident and found closure now.” 
“Mm.” Vivian inclined her head. Finnick wasn’t in the mood to chat with her, so an awkward silence hung in the air. 
Shortly after, a nurse dashed down the corridor hastily, seemingly looking for someone. Vivian found the nurse familiar. Isn’t that the nurse who hung Rachel up on an IV drip earlier? She rose to her feet. Is she looking for me? 
After dashing around for a while, the nurse finally spotted Vivian and came to her. “Are you Rachel William’s family? I think I saw you with her earlier.” 
“Yes, I am.” Vivian nodded. 
“Ah, finally. I’ve been looking around for you. Where have you been?” the nurse grumbled. Why did she leave the patient alone in her room? 
“I had to deal with something earlier. I’m sorry to trouble you. What is it about?” Vivian apologized and inquired politely. 
“The patient has regained consciousness. You should visit her. It’s nothing serious. She’s a little weak, so make sure to take care of her health.” The nurse added, “Also, she had just come out of surgery, so you need to take care of her and make sure she gets some rest. She’s back in the hospital after being discharged just not long ago. There’s no way she’ll recover if this goes on. As her daughter, you need to pay attention to her health.” 
The nurse was frowning as she studied the medical records in her hand.
As Rachel was alone in her ward, the nurse thought her children were unfilial and refused to take care of her. Hence, there was a hint of accusation in her voice. 
“Okay, I got it. I’ll take note of that. Thank you for your concern,” came Vivian’s polite reply. She was upset at how the nurse indirectly criticized her for being an unfilial daughter, but it was too complicated to explain their circumstances to a stranger. 
“Mm, you’re welcome. You should go to her now. Someone needs to be by her side.” The nurse couldn’t pick on Vivian’s attitude, so she left some instructions before leaving. 
“Let’s go visit Ms. Rachel together.” Finnick stood up and offered. 
He was displeased with Rachel’s attitude toward Vivian, but he knew Vivian still cared for her. 
“It’s alright. I can visit her myself. You should rest here.” As Finnick had just suffered from a huge blow, Vivian didn’t want him to accompany her to face Rachel. 
She could imagine how Rachel would chatter on about Evelyn. That thought alone was enough to make her head ache, let alone Finnick. I don’t think he wants to hear Evelyn’s name now. He should stay away from Rachel. 
“I’m alright. Let’s go. I don’t want you to face her alone,” said Finnick. He got to his feet and headed to Rachel’s ward ahead of Vivian. 
Immediately, Vivian grabbed his arm and came up with an excuse. “I need to talk to her in private.” 
Finnick came to a stop and nodded. “I’ll wait for you at the entrance of the hospital then. Give me a call when you’re done. I’ll give you a ride home.”
“No need. I can hail a cab later.” Vivian refused his offer. She hadn’t decided about her relationship with Finnick yet, so she wanted to keep a distance from him. 
“Go. I’ll wait for you at the entrance.” Finnick ignored her rejection and strode away before she could say no.
###Chapter 749
Chapter 749 
A hint of bitterness rose in Vivian’s heart as she watched Finnick walking away. She didn’t even know why she felt like sobbing her heart out. 
Due to various reasons and pure coincidence, maybe even her cowardice and deliberate avoidance; she didn’t get to talk to Finnick about how he forced her to get an abortion back then. If it wasn’t a misunderstanding, and he indeed instructed Noah to do so, what will happen to us? 
Should I forgive him for little pumpkin’s sake? Or for my sake? 
Strangely, Vivian couldn’t resist his tenderness. She was slowly succumbing to his advances, just like how she fell for him back then. The only difference was that a nameless dread engulfed her right now instead of the delight she felt back then. 
After letting out a long sigh, Vivian forced back her tears. It wasn’t a good time to ponder over that right now as she still had to visit Rachel. 
“You’re too weak to leave the bed.” 
“Ma’am, I’m fine. I want to see my daughter. I’m worried about her.” 
When Vivian stepped into the ward, she saw Rachel arguing with a nurse. Clearly, Rachel wanted to see Evelyn instead of her. 
The nurse heaved a sigh of relief upon spotting Vivian. “You’re her family? Please convince her to stay in bed until the IV drip is empty. She’s insisting on taking off the drip.” 
Rachel was still mad at Vivian, so she turned away and ignored Vivian. Tears pricked at Vivian’s eyes upon seeing her reaction, but she quickly reined in her emotions.
“Thank you. Don’t worry, I’ll make sure she stays here until the drip is finished.” Vivian came to her bed and assured the nurse. 
“Mm, alright. You can press the bell when it’s almost finished. I’ll come to assist you as soon as I hear the bell.” The nurse left right after saying that. 
Sighing inwardly, Vivian took a seat. “Don’t worry. Evelyn’s fine. She’s resting in her ward. I’ll bring you to her room when you’re done.” 
“Is she really alright? Has she regained consciousness? Is her wound serious?” Rachel immediately forgot she was still mad at Vivian and bombarded her with questions anxiously. 
“She’s wide awake and fine. Don’t worry.” Tamping down her irritation, Vivian forced herself to reply calmly. Deep down, she was sneering, She was well enough to argue with me just now. There’s nothing wrong with her. 
At her reassurance, Rachel sighed in relief. She pressed her hands together and prayed fervently, “Thank you, Lord. Thank you…” 
When her eyes fluttered open, she couldn’t help but feel guilty about how she treated Vivian earlier. It was clearly Evelyn’s fault, but Rachel had lashed out upon Vivian after seeing her daughter getting injured. 
Taking Vivian’s hand, Rachel patted it softly. “Vivian, please forgive me for what I said earlier. I was too worried and took it out on you.” 
Vivian averted her gaze and replied softly, “It’s fine.” No matter what, Rachel had brought her up. She couldn’t bring herself to criticize that woman.
“Vivian, I believe Evelyn didn’t do it on purpose. She’s a nice kid. I’ll discipline her slowly. Will you forgive her and stop pursuing the matter?” Rachel implored. 
Upon hearing Rachel’s plea, Vivian pulled away from her as a flash of pain appeared on her face. “This isn’t the first time she did something this evil. Evelyn refused to repent. If I let her off this time, she might do something worse in the future!”
###Chapter 750
Chapter 750 
“No, she won’t!” Rachel retorted hastily. “I’ll make sure she won’t do that again. Vivian, please spare her this once for my sake, will you?” 
Vivian was torn, but she couldn’t bring herself to forgive Evelyn. Hence, she changed the topic. “You should rest. We shall talk about this later. I’ll bring you some warm water to clean your face.” 
With that, she stood up and headed for the door. She had barely taken two steps when Rachel caught her. Looking back, she realized Rachel had ripped the needle off the back of her hand and dropped to her knees in her haste. 
“Vivian, please spare Evelyn’s life. I’ll apologize to you on her behalf!” 
“What are you doing? What if your wound starts bleeding? Get up!” Vivian hurriedly pulled her up. 
Rachel was, after all, someone she respected. This was already the second time Rachel got on her knees to defend Evelyn, and Vivian could feel raw anger welling up in her chest. 
Alas, Rachel insisted, “If you refuse to spare Evelyn’s life, I won’t get up.” She pleaded, “Vivian, I know you’re kind-hearted. Can’t you help me with this once? Evelyn had suffered greatly over the years. Look, you’re alive and living well. Stop pressing the matter, will you?” 
Clearly, she was insinuating that Vivian was being unreasonable. Feeling upset, Vivian returned sternly, “Evelyn tried to harm me repeatedly. I will never forgive her.” 
Rachel immediately panicked. “But you weren’t injured, right? Besides, Finnick has reunited with you. You are a happy couple, but Evelyn is left with nothing. She’s still lying in bed. Why won’t you let her off the hook?”
“I’m happy? Have you ever asked if I’m happy?” Vivian retorted angrily. She was disappointed by Rachel’s reaction. If she cares for me, she wouldn’t have ignored me when I have been harmed and injured. 
Tears pooled up in Vivian’s eyes as she struggled to control her feelings. “Is Evelyn the only one who matters to you? What about me? Have you ever thought about how I have suffered over the years?” 
Rachel parted her lips in surprise. “Evelyn lost everything. You’re different,” she insisted. “You have Finnick and the Morrison family with you. They adore you, but Evelyn is left alone. She—” 
Before she could finish, Vivian interjected, “Why didn’t you mention how she was brought up in a loving family while I had to endure stares for being an illegitimate child?” 
After yelling that out, Vivian broke down all of a sudden. All the accumulated grievances and emotions burst out without warning. 
“I saved you and took care of you as you brought me up. I was indebted to you.” She exclaimed, “Have you ever considered my feelings? You only care for Evelyn. You’re her mother, not mine. You’ve never thought of me as your daughter!” 
Because of Rachel’s doing, she didn’t even get to see her birth parents. Still, she couldn’t bring herself to blame Rachel as the woman had brought her up. She told herself to have respect for Rachel. Alas, Rachel only had eyes for her own daughter, Evelyn. She didn’t even care for Vivian. 
“No, you’re wrong. Vivian, I feel sorry for Evelyn. I-I love you, too. I…” Vivian tried to explain, but nothing seemed right. 
“Let’s not meet again from now on. I’ve taken care of you when you were sick. That’s enough payback for all the years of care you have given me.” Vivian wiped her tears away and turned to leave.
She had told herself the same thing repeatedly, but this was the first time she had the courage to actually tell Rachel that. This is it. It’s time to make a clean cut.
###Chapter 751
Chapter 751 
Rachel nearly broke down in despair seeing how determined Vivian was. How could this happen? 
At once, she wailed desperately, “Vivian, don’t leave. You’re my daughter! I feel sorry for Evelyn because she’s a cripple. That’s why I showed more concern for her.” 
Hearing her pleas, Vivian slowed down as bitterness engulfed her. Back then, when Evelyn was still able to walk, she never showed any concern for me, too. 
It’s too late. There’s no use tormenting myself over this unhealthy relationship. 
“Tell Evelyn to stay put. Otherwise, she’ll suffer from the consequences,” Vivian declared. With that, she stalked out of Rachel’s ward, ignoring the latter’s desperate wails. 
Vivian quickened her pace until she could no longer hear Rachel’s voice. 
In the restroom, she washed the tear stains away and told herself, From now on, Larry and Benedict are my only family. I should never give in and compromise on anything. 
She held the edge of the sink and gathered her thoughts. Immediately, Larry’s adorable figure popped up in her mind. I need to see him now. 
At the hospital’s entrance, Finnick was indeed waiting for her. Vivian recalled how he insisted on sending her back home. Ugh, I sense a headache coming. 
Today’s events had depleted her energy, so she didn’t want to ponder about their relationship right now. 
“Are you alright?” Finnick dashed over to her and inquired in concern. 
Vivian shook her head silently.
“Let’s go. I’ll give you a ride home,” Finnick told her. She was obviously in a foul mood, so he didn’t say anything else. 
Vivian stood rooted to the spot as she racked her brains, trying to come out with an excuse to reject his offer. She was too exhausted to be in the same space with this man and discuss their relationship. 
“Vivian!” When Vivian was in a dilemma, Hunter’s voice rang out behind her. She turned at her shoulder and saw the man running over to her. 
Hunter came to a stop in front of Vivian and ignored Finnick. He panted, “I couldn’t find you in the hospital. Luckily, you’re still here. I’ll give you a ride home.” 
“Alright,” replied Vivian after a brief hesitation. 
“My car is parked there. Let’s go.” Hunter seemed delighted by her answer. She chose me instead of Finnick. That means I still have a chance, right? 
“Alright.” Vivian glanced at Finnick. “You should go home, too. Hunter will give me a ride.” With that, she turned in the opposite direction and left with Hunter. 
Finnick stood still and watched them quietly as his fists balled up. What does she mean? Is she really dating Hunter? 
His expression hardened in fury as he caught up to them and took Vivian’s arm. “I’ll give you a ride home. I have something to tell you.” 
Hunter immediately stopped him. “Let her go. She agreed to let me drive her home.” 
“This is a private matter between my wife and I. Stop coming between us!” Finnick was already simmering in rage, so when Hunter stepped up, he burst out angrily.
Unfazed, Hunter mocked, “Your wife? I believe you are already divorced. She has nothing to do with you now.” 
“That doesn’t mean she is your business now!” Finnick retaliated loudly. “Vivian and I will remarry sooner or later, so stay away from her!” 
“Stop it! I’ll go back on my own.” Vivian shoved Finnick away furiously and strode away. Who do they think I am?
###Chapter 752
Chapter 752 
Finnick disentangled himself from Hunter’s clutches and ran after Vivian. “I have something to tell you, Vivian. Can I send you home?” 
“We shall talk some other time. I’ll grab a cab.” In a red rage, Vivian swept past him and stomped ahead. 
“Vivian!” Finnick stood in her way once again and repeated, “I’ll take you home.” 
“Can you stop?” Vivian kept her fury in check. “I’m not a child. I can find my way home.” 
Sensing Vivian’s anger, Finnick swept her up in his arms without hesitation and dashed to his car. 
“Finnick! Let me down!” Vivian struggled and demanded. They were in public, so she dared not yell to avoid unwanted attraction. 
Finnick ignored her pleas and strode ahead confidently. As passers-by were already staring, Vivian slowly quietened down. 
“Put me down. I’ll go with you and you can give me a ride home.” 
A grin flitted across Finnick’s face upon hearing her words. He came to a stop and put her down. 
Vivian shot him a furious glare and stomped her way to his car. She plonked her butt into the passenger’s seat and slammed the door shut. 
Finnick was amused by her reluctance but he kept the smile and got into the car soon. 
Meanwhile, Hunter’s fists balled up as a vein popped out on his neck. He dared not treat Vivian this impudently, but Finnick dared to do so. Vivian doesn’t seem to despise his advances. Can I really win
over her heart? 
Throughout the journey home, Vivian kept her gaze fixed out of the window and refused to talk to Finnick. Finnick kept stealing glances at her, but he didn’t know how to break the silence. 
They were talking amiably in the hospital earlier, so he was confused as to why Vivian returned to her cold self. It took me a lot of effort to ease the tension between us. Are we back to square one? 
After a long hesitation, he asked a question that had been haunting him all the while. “Vivian, I have a question about our divorce. Can you please tell me the truth?” 
Five years had gone by, but Finnick still couldn’t understand why Vivian demanded for a divorce even though he agreed to let her keep the child. 
Indeed, he had no idea that child was his, so he agreed to it quite reluctantly. Yet, it didn’t explain why she refused to see him and went ahead to send him the divorce agreement using Benedict’s name. 
Vivian’s heart jumped to her throat at his question. Are we finally going to talk about that incident? What will Finnick say? Will he admit that he sent Noah to force me to abort our child? Or was everything a misunderstanding? 
“What is it?” She exhaled shakily as she could feel her heart in her throat. 
On the other hand, as both Benedict and Vivian weren’t at home, Larry was having fun painting in his room. 
Ms. Booker, who was taking care of him, couldn’t stop herself from lavishing the little boy with praises. “Wow, Mr. Larry. You are really good at this. That’s a beautiful painting!”
Indeed, Ms. Booker wasn’t exaggerating or lying to the child. Three months ago, Vivian enrolled Larry in art classes so he’d stay put and perhaps stop being so naughty. 
Larry was the youngest student in class, but that didn’t stop him from becoming the top student there. Every time Vivian picked him up from class, the teacher would always tell her how talented Larry was and that his talent shouldn’t be wasted.
###Chapter 753
Chapter 753 
Vivian did not take Ms. Booker’s comment to heart. She already knew that Larry was smart, and he learned things very quickly. Of course, he got this trait of his from Finnick. However, as to what job he would like to take up in the future, that was for him to decide after he grew up. Larry would have his own path in life, thus she should not interfere when he was still unable to make a decision. 
Hearing Ms. Booker’s compliment, Larry did not seem to be pleased. His attention was no longer on drawing. Instead, his thoughts were filled up by his Daddy and Mommy. 
Sometimes when Vivian was not at home, he would beat around the bush and try to learn more about his father from Benedict. Naturally, Benedict would not disclose anything. And when Larry became too persistent, he would educate the little boy with a stern face and lecture him that children should not be too nosy. 
Larry did not dare to press on further whenever Uncle Benedict, who usually adores him, became cross. Nevertheless, from his mother and Uncle Benedict’s reaction, he could easily deduce that they both disliked his Daddy. 
One time he overheard the conversation between his Mommy and Uncle Benedict. He remembered hearing the latter mention something along the lines of his Daddy abandoning him and Mommy. That was the reason why they came to live in A Nation. 
Although he had only met Finnick a few times, Larry firmly believed that his Daddy was not someone who would just abandon his own wife and child like what Uncle Benedict had said. 
He did not simply come to such a conclusion without rhyme or reason. The last time I saw Daddy, he did not know that I was his son. He only thought that I was a random lost child. But he was very kind
and gentle to me. Not only did he get someone to help me look for Mommy, but he also spent time playing with me. 
Larry was brought up in a wealthy environment. He himself was smart beyond his years and more sensible than other children of his age. From an early age, he had already witnessed the arrogance of the higher-ups in a company – they were all condescending snobs. 
His Daddy, on the other hand, could lower his pride and play with a random child. Therefore, he was not someone who would do such an abominable act. There had to be some misunderstanding between him and Mommy which led to them separating from each other. 
Although Mommy had promised that she would listen to Daddy’s explanation, it seems that their misunderstanding is still not resolved. Otherwise, Daddy would have already come to see me. Sigh… Does Daddy even know about my existence? 
As he thought of this, Larry felt extremely upset. He missed his Daddy so much. Every day, he yearned to go and meet him. Yet Daddy didn’t even know who he was, and this was unbearably sad. 
No! I must think of a way to reunite them and help them resolve their misunderstanding. Because if this situation continued, Larry did not know when he would get to see his father. But what is the best and most effective way? 
A frown etched itself upon Larry’s cherubic face. The little boy was considering his options solemnly. Looking at his focused expression, Ms. Booker thought that he was thinking hard about what to draw next and did not say anything. She was afraid that she might interrupt the thought process of this little genius. 
Larry held the pencil firmly in his hand for quite some time. Ding! A lightbulb went on his head. I have an idea!
“Ms. Booker, I am hungry and craving bread. Can you make me some, please?” Larry pleaded adorably with puppy dog eyes. 
Larry was perfectly aware of how to use his cuteness to his own advantage. Ms. Booker was already especially fond of him since he was a sensible and well-behaved kid. With this look that he was giving her now, how could she refuse him? 
“Okay, you stay here and continue drawing. I’ll go make the bread. I will come to get you when it is done. Please be a good boy and do not run off on your own, okay?” 
“Yes, Ms. Booker! I’ll be a good boy and wait for you here,” Larry responded while nodding. 
Ms. Booker gave Larry a light pat on his head and proceeded right away to the kitchen downstairs. This child was just too loveable! 
Larry waited and made sure that Ms. Booker had gone downstairs before he went back to his own room in a hurry. He packed the things he needed into a light backpack and stealthily snuck downstairs. 
When he passed by the kitchen, he was extra cautious and made sure to be light on his feet. He nervously kept an eye on the busy Ms. Booker, lest he made any sound that would alert her.
###Chapter 754
Chapter 754 
Just as Ms. Booker had her back turned to him, he scampered across the living room as fast as his little feet could carry him. Soon, he was out of the door. After he had successfully gone out, he breathed a sigh of relief and smiled naughtily. Next, he was going to execute his grand master plan. 
“Larry, the bread is done! Come and eat. I’ve added in your favorite sweet corn. It smells heavenly,” Ms. Booker called out to Larry while standing at the bottom of the stairway. Unsurprisingly, she was met with total silence. 
“Larry, come down quickly. The bread will not taste good after it has cooled down,” Ms. Booker said as she walked up the stairs to the second floor. Alas, Larry was nowhere to be seen as she entered the playroom. 
“Larry? Larry!” shouted Ms. Booker in a panic as she had no idea where he had gone. Her heart was palpitating with fear. She called out his name loudly. Again, there was no response. 
She searched every nook and cranny of the house, and she couldn’t find the young boy who was under her care. She broke down completely. Could something have happened to Larry? With Larry gone, what was she supposed to say to Mr. Morrison and Ms. Vivian? She fervently hoped that the young Mr. Larry was not in any danger. 
On the other side, Finnick wanted some answers from Vivian. “Vivian, back then, why did you refuse to see me? But you let Benedict… “ 
Bzzz… Bzzz… Bzzz… Finnick didn’t get to finish his query before being interrupted by Vivian’s vibrating phone. Seeing that it was a call from Ms. Booker who was taking care of Larry, Vivian said to Finnick apologetically, “I have to take this.”
As soon as she swiped the green button, Ms. Booker’s frantic sobs from the other end could be heard. “Miss, Mr. Larry… Mr. Larry has gone missing! I couldn’t find him anywhere… “ 
“What? Tell me what happened!” The moment she heard that Larry was missing, Vivian went into a panic immediately. Her hand that was holding the phone started shaking uncontrollably. 
“Mr. Larry said he wanted bread, so I went to make him some. But when I came back he was gone! I looked for him everywhere, but I couldn’t find him!” said Ms. Booker who was clearly rattled and scared. “I’m so sorry, Miss. It’s all my fault. I didn’t keep a close eye on him… “ 
Listening to Ms. Booker’s intermittent sobs, Vivian forced herself to remain calm. Although she was worried sick, she could not lose her cool. 
“Please don’t cry. Hurry and search the surrounding areas, he might be nearby. I will come home immediately,” Vivian instructed while trying to convince herself that it was alright at the same time. This isn’t the first time Larry has gone off on his own. He will be fine, just like the last time! Maybe he has just gone off somewhere on a whim. He’s just playing somewhere nearby. He’s okay. He’ll be okay. I need to stay calm… 
After she hung up, Vivian turned over to Finnick and said in a hurry, “Something came up. Hurry and send me back home!” 
At her behest, Finnick sped up immediately. He looked over to her with worry and asked, “What’s going on? What happened at home? Did someone go missing?” 
“It’s nothing,” Vivian replied, looking ahead with butterflies in her stomach. She chose not to tell Finnick anything as she was still unsure of their relationship. Hence, she’d better not let Finnick know about Larry’s existence.
“Vivian, just what has happened? Please tell me so that I can assist you,” Finnick asked, clearly not convinced. She was so nervous during the call, how could it be nothing? 
“It’s really nothing. Please don’t ask anymore. Just send me home as fast as you can,” Vivian responded snappily. She was extremely anxious and not in the mood to keep going back and forth with Finnick. 
Seeing as Vivian was vexed, Finnick could only keep his questions to himself. However, his heart ached. Did she not trust him now? That was why she refused to tell him anything. Without another word, Finnick stepped hard on the accelerator. Soon, his car sped ahead all of the other vehicles on the road in the direction of the Morrison residence. 
The moment they reached, Vivian unbuckled her seatbelt as fast as lightning and said to Finnick, “You can go. Thank you for driving me back, and sorry for the trouble.”
###Chapter 755
Chapter 755 
Finnick grabbed onto Vivian’s arm just as she was about to get off. “Vivian, you look very worried. Are you sure you don’t need my help?” he asked with a serious face. 
Vivian looked into his earnest eyes. Her hesitation lasted just one moment, and she shook her head. “There is no need. I can handle this on my own. You should just go. If I really need your help, I will call you.” 
“Then I’ll just wait for you here. In the event you need me, it’ll be more convenient,” said Finnick. He actually felt slightly angry that Vivian insisted on not letting him know what was wrong. 
Hearing this, Vivian was even more flustered. What would happen if he found out about Larry while waiting here? She frowned and tried to urge Finnick to leave. “This is a Morrison family matter. My brother and I can manage it. You should just go.” 
“Then I shall wait for you to resolve it before I go back,” insisted Finnick. If he just went back under such circumstances, he would be constantly worried about Vivian. It was better to just stick around. 
“Suit yourself,” Vivian replied in defeat. Anxious about her son’s safety, she had no energy to keep up the game of tug-of-war with Finnick. She hurriedly got off the car after her curt reply. 
Finnick followed after her. He had intended to go in with her, but he stopped himself when he thought of all the times that she had refused him. Perhaps she has some unspeakable reasons for doing so. 
Considering this, he stopped at the gate. He decided that he would just wait there, so as not to make matters worse for Vivian. 
Just as Vivian stepped into the house, Ms. Booker went up to her and blubbered, “Miss, I’ve looked everywhere! Mr. Larry is still nowhere to be seen. What should we do now?”
“You need to stop crying now and tell me how Larry went missing. Tell me everything clearly,” Vivian said. Her stomach knotted uneasily when she heard that Larry was not found. She had to stay calm and find out what had transpired. 
Wiping the tears off her face, Ms. Booker recounted the whole ordeal between sobs. “I was accompanying Mr. Larry as he was drawing in the playroom. Halfway through, he suddenly said that he was hungry and craved bread. He requested for me to make it for him. After that, I went to the kitchen.” 
As she reached that part, she broke down in tears uncontrollably. “Before I came down, I had reminded Mr. Larry to wait for me and not run off on his own. He promised me that he would stay put. But when I came back, he was gone! I’ve looked inside the house and everywhere else, but I just can’t find him anywhere!” 
“Did you hear anything while you were in the kitchen? Did Larry go out on his own, or did someone take him?” Concerned that Larry could be in danger, she wanted all of the details. 
Ms. Booker tearfully shook her head. “No, I did not hear anything out of the norm while in the kitchen. It was quiet in the house. I didn’t see anyone come in as well,” she said. “I thought that Mr. Larry was drawing in the room upstairs the whole time. How did he go missing?” 
Since no one came in, does this mean that Larry went out on his own? Vivian was at a loss herself. “Ms. Booker, I need you to call the police and lodge a report. Tell them the whole incident and have them help search for Larry. I will call Ben and ask him to send people to help with the search.” 
“O-Okay,” Ms. Booker replied. She staggered towards the phone and dialed some numbers with trembling hands. “Hello, is this the police? I need to make a report. A child from my household is missing… “ 
At the same time, Vivian whipped out her phone and called Benedict.
“Ben, Larry has gone missing!” she informed quickly in a crackly voice the moment the call went through. The tears that she was holding back rolled down her cheeks as well. “Please come back now. We can’t find him anywhere.” 
Benedict was alarmed when he heard what Vivian said. “How did Larry go missing? When did this happen?” he asked anxiously. 
“It happened while I was out. I got a call from Ms. Booker all of a sudden. She said that Larry went missing after she was done cooking in the kitchen, so I came back immediately,” Vivian explained shakily. Then, she continued, “I’ve asked her to call the police, but I’m still worried that something might happen to Larry. Ben, please get someone to go search for him.”
###Chapter 756
Chapter 756 
“Don’t fret, Vivian. I’ll come back right away. Larry could have just gone out to play. You should wait at home. In case he comes back, at least you are around,” said Benedict. 
“Alright, I know what to do. Come back quickly, Ben,” said Vivian chokily. 
“I will,” he said. Right after hanging up, Benedict rang up his friend who was a detective and grabbed his car keys simultaneously. He left his office and headed straight home. 
He reached soon and saw Finnick standing at his gate. Anger immediately boiled up in his heart. He walked over with big strides and questioned loudly, “Why have you come to the Morrison residence?” 
Finnick did not seem to mind his hostile attitude and went on to explain, “Vivian was with me just now. She looked really bothered about something. I thought I’d wait here to see if I could help… “ 
A heavy punch landed on his face before he could finish speaking. “You heartless scoundrel! It was you who cruelly tossed aside Vivian five years ago. How dare you act all kind and caring right now?” 
The impact from the punch almost made Finnick fall to the ground. He raised a hand to wipe a corner of his mouth but did not make any move to fight back. He understood that Benedict was aggrieved by the hardships that Vivian had suffered. Hence, he took the blow that was inflicted on him wordlessly. Nonetheless, Benedict did not seem to be moved at all by his tolerance. 
Enduring the pain on his face, Finnick spoke, “Vivian looked really agitated. I think you had better go check on her. Just tell me if you need any help.” He diverted his gaze to the house with concern. 
“Stop pretending to be helpful!” Benedict’s hostility towards Finnick did not diminish at all upon hearing his worry. He wanted very badly to teach this a**hole a lesson on behalf of Vivian.
However, he had more pressing matters to attend to at the moment. Larry was still missing so he had no time to waste on this b*stard. He pointed at Finnick viciously and bellowed, “I’ll deal with you later!” 
And with that, he stomped into his house leaving Finnick outside. Finnick laughed bitterly to himself. Looks like I’ll have to go through big brother Benedict before I can truly get back together with Vivian. 
As he entered the living room, Benedict saw Vivian seated rigidly on the sofa. She was crying silently while clutching her phone tightly in her hands. 
“Hey, is there any news of Larry yet?” he marched over apprehensively to check on Vivian. 
“Ben,” Vivian hastily stood up and wiped away her tears upon seeing her brother. Worry and fear were evident on her haggard-looking face. “Ben, do you think something bad has happened to Larry?” 
“He should be fine,” Ben comforted, “stop riling yourself up with blind guesses.” He patted her shoulder to comfort her. He was panic-stricken as well, but he had to force himself to remain calm. 
Benedict turned his head over to Ms. Booker and asked sternly, “Just what on earth happened? How did Larry go missing? You must tell me everything clearly and thoroughly. Don’t miss out any details.” 
Ms. Booker repeated what she had said to Vivian once more. “And that was what happened. I didn’t hear anything while I was in the kitchen, neither did I see anyone enter the house.” 
After listening to Ms. Booker, Benedict was deep in thought. In his mind, he was picturing anything that could have gone amiss. By his side, Vivian began to cry even harder. 
“Ben, could it be that somebody has kidnapped Larry? Why isn’t he back yet by now?” Her heart sank as she considered this possibility. Larry had always been well-mannered and obedient. If he went out on his own, he would not be this inconsiderate and make everyone else worry. If something happened to him… What should she do?
“That’s not possible. Larry is smart. He will not be taken away without making a sound. Don’t scare yourself,” Benedict tried his best to soothe Vivian. “Maybe he was just being playful and didn’t tell Ms. Booker that he was going out. Think carefully. Where does he like to go usually? We’ll start looking from there.” 
Vivian desperately recalled the conversations that she had with her little pumpkin over the past few days. Suddenly, she remembered something, and her eyes shone with newfound hope. She frantically grabbed onto Benedict’s arm and said, “Larry asked me to take him to the ice skating rink in the south district two days ago. I was too busy and did not agree to his request. Could he have gone there by himself?”
###Chapter 757
Chapter 757 
“Come on, let’s go over there and take a look,” Benedict said as he strode towards the door. Vivian hastily followed. 
Just then, the phone in Vivian’s hand rang shrilly with a call from an unknown number. Vivian looked at Benedict hesitantly as a sudden sense of foreboding rose within her. 
“Hello, may I ask who’s calling?” There was a slight tremor in Vivian’s voice as she answered. For someone to be calling at this moment, could something really have happened to Larry…? 
“Your son is with me. If you want him to live, bring 1.5 million in ransom money to Coast Haven,” a male voice growled over the phone. “Remember, don’t call the police. Or you’ll pay for the consequences.” 
When Vivian heard that Larry had indeed been kidnapped, she immediately collapsed with despair. Her worst fears had been confirmed. She shrieked into the phone, “Who are you? What have you done to my son?” 
Benedict’s face fell the moment he heard Vivian speak those words. He anxiously stared at the phone she was gripping in her hand. Has something really happened to Larry? 
“Your son’s fine. But if you don’t bring the money over, I can’t promise that he’ll stay in this good shape for long. I’ll give you until tomorrow morning latest. I need to see the money,” the menacing voice on the other end said with an air of finality. 
“I’ll bring the money immediately! But you have to promise me that nothing will happen to my son,” Vivian bawled. “Where should I bring the money to? What’s the place called, what Haven? Is my son there?”
“Coast Haven. Remember, you can only come with the child’s father, Finnick. If I catch sight of anyone else other than the two of you, your son will be in grave danger,” the voice threatened. 
“Where’s Coast Haven? And how do you know that Finnick is his father?” Vivian asked doggedly. She’d never even heard of Coast Haven before. 
No reply came. The kidnapper had abruptly ended the call. 
“Hello? Hello?” Vivian stared at the phone in a daze, her heart pounding. When she had calmed down slightly, she reasoned that for the kidnapper to have selected Larry as his prey, he would have done a thorough check of Larry’s background. Beyond that, further analysis of how the kidnapper had come by the information regarding Larry’s father exceeded the current capacity of Vivian’s mind. 
As she reflected on this, Vivian couldn’t help but resent Finnick. What if Little Pumpkin is just being used as bait to trap Finnick? Finnick’s really a jinx! 
“What did he say? What happened to Larry?” Benedict tugged at Vivian’s arm, asking urgently. 
“Ben, Little Pumpkin’s really been kidnapped,” Vivian said tearily. “They’re asking me to bring 1.5 million to a place called Coast Haven for his ransom, and they said… they said only I could go, or they’ll kill Little Pumpkin!” 
After this hurried explanation, Vivian took out her phone to locate Coast Haven. Its precise position turned out to be on the fringe of Sunshine City. 
With this confirmation, Vivian grabbed her bag and dashed out the door. She had to acquire that money now. Every moment she frittered away was another moment Larry spent in danger. 
Benedict grabbed hold of Vivian and said solemnly, “Vivian, you can’t go alone. What if the kidnapper doesn’t keep his word and kidnaps you as well?”
“But the kidnapper said that if he saw anyone else but me, he’d kill Little Pumpkin! I can’t take that risk!” Vivian had worked herself up into a frenzy. Larry was everything, even life itself, to Vivian. She could not afford to lose him under any circumstances. 
Besides, Vivian wasn’t planning on bringing Finnick along. She believed that she could get her hands on 1.5 million without his help. If Finnick found out that he had a son, he would never be willing to relinquish his custody of him. 
Upon hearing the resolution in Vivian’s tone, Benedict found himself at a loss. Benedict was equally unwilling to put Larry in danger. However, he was also reluctant to let Vivian put herself in harm’s way all alone. 
There wasn’t much time to think. Vivian had already wrestled herself of Benedict’s grip and continued her headlong dash out the door. The only thought in her mind was that of saving her son. There was no room for anything else. 
Just as she ran out, Vivian found herself barricaded by Finnick, who had been quietly standing outside all this while. Observing Vivian’s tear-stained face, Finnick looked at her with concern written all over his face. “What’s wrong, Vivian? Why are you crying? What on earth happened?”
###Chapter 758
Chapter 758 
“Move away! I’ve got something urgent to deal with. I don’t have the time to talk to you,” Vivian shoved Finnick aside and continued sprinting on her way. Finnick, however, caught up with her in a few long strides. He clutched her arm with an iron grip. 
“Let go of me! What are you doing? I have to get to the bank now. Stop wasting my time!” Vivian howled, flinging Finnick’s hand aside with all her might. 
From Vivian’s inconsolable state, Finnick guessed that she indeed had rather dire matters at hand. But what exactly is going on? Why can’t she tell me? 
Unable to get anything else out of her, Finnick decided not to press Vivian any further. He immediately pulled Vivian over to his car, commanding, “Get on, I’ll send you to the bank right now.” 
With her heart set on getting to the bank within the shortest possible time, Vivian thought this option rather ideal. Besides, it removed the obstacle that was Finnick. She immediately wrenched the door open. 
“Vivian!” A yell came from Benedict, who had finally caught up with them. He was extremely discomfited by the thought of Vivian heading off to that deserted place all alone to save Larry. 
Benedict glanced at Finnick. He knew that Vivian was intent on hiding Larry’s identity from Finnick. Benedict thus chose his next words with extreme delicacy. “Why don’t you come with me? I’ll follow you in secret. If anything happens, I’ll still be in time to save you. You can’t go alone,” Benedict offered. 
At Benedict’s speech, Finnick felt a growing sense of disquiet. He turned towards Vivian and asked frantically, “What in the world’s going on? What are you going to do alone? Why would it be dangerous?”
Disregarding Finnick completely, Vivian replied Benedict in earnest, “Ben, we can’t risk it. It would be best if you didn’t follow me. I’m afraid that they really will…” 
Vivian deliberately paused, omitting the crucial facts of the matter. Her mind raced. She had to guarantee Larry’s safety no matter what. Vivian suggested, “Ben, why don’t you do a covert investigation into this matter? See if you can find out more about this guy’s background. We’ll keep in contact at all times, and if there’s any real danger, I’ll immediately call you to let you know where I am.” 
Benedict carefully considered Vivian’s proposal, then nodded. “Fine. Promise me that if there’s just the tiniest thing amiss, you’ll call me immediately.” 
“OK,” Vivian, too, nodded in return. She was just about to enter the car when another shout rang out from behind them. 
“Mr. Norton!” 
The three of them turned in tandem to see Noah scurrying over. 
Noah had just tried unsuccessfully to give Finnick a call, intending to inform Finnick about the events of the past. When he heard that Finnick was at the Morrison residence, Noah immediately made up his mind to present both Vivian and Finnick with the truth simultaneously. It might help to lessen the misunderstanding between them. 
As he surveyed the scene before him, however, Noah was rendered rather speechless. Why do all of them look so flustered? What’s happening? 
“You’re just in time, Noah. Benedict is going to do some research, and you can stay here to help him,” Finnick said smoothly before Noah could muster a response. Finnick did not know what it was that Vivian and Benedict were so determined to keep from him. In any case, he was willing to help.
Noah took in Finnick’s words and Vivian’s teary face. Baffled, he couldn’t resist asking, “Mr. Norton, Mrs. Norton, what in the world just happened? Is everything all right?” 
“Stop asking questions, Noah,” Vivian said curtly, then turned to Finnick. “Let’s go to the bank first. I can’t waste any more time.” 
“Noah, please cooperate with Benedict.” Finnick dismissed him before getting into the driver’s seat. They sped away. 
Gazing at the departing car, Noah was just as clueless as he had been when he just arrived. However, he turned to Benedict and asked politely, “Is there anything I can help with?” 
Benedict scoffed. Disdainfully, he said, “No need, I’ll get whatever help I need on my own. I don’t need your help! When Finnick gets back, tell him that we don’t want hypocrites like him around here. We all know what he did to Vivian back then! What’s the point of doing such incorrigible acts, then turning around and putting on a whole show of pretending to care?”
###Chapter 759
Chapter 759 
“Mr. Norton didn’t do those things to Mrs. Norton! It… it was…” Noah stammered, his voice faltering as he stared at Benedict’s expression of unbridled fury. Noah agonized over whether he should reveal the truth. 
Evelyn was trapped. With Finnick’s maneuvering, he would ultimately uncover the truth sooner or later. Most importantly, Noah was unable to bear the weight of his accusing conscience. Any encounter with Vivian made Noah feel as if his heart would leap out of his chest in consternation. 
Noah’s hesitation was mistaken for guilt by Benedict. Scornfully, Benedict rounded upon him, “What didn’t he do? Didn’t you personally bring a kidnapped Vivian to the hospital? If that wasn’t under Finnick’s orders, then whose? Tell me, other than Finnick, who would have the right to tell you what to do? After everything you’ve done, why are you still making excuses for him?” 
“I… I…” Even though Noah had been resolved to expose everything before his arrival, he was now uneasy about confessing to being an accessory. He dithered slightly, not knowing how to begin. 
As Noah floundered in his indecision, Benedict gave a derisive snort before walking away. Noah was left standing there rather helplessly. However, he still had to carry out the orders he had received from Finnick earlier. Noah quickly started the car and chased after Benedict. 
Vivian was evidently in a great hurry. Finnick thus increased his speed from the usual sixty miles an hour to a hundred accordingly. Their car seemed to skim the surface of the roads. 
Nonetheless, the swiftness of the car could not compare to Vivian’s racing thoughts. 
When they pulled up at the entrance of the bank, Vivian ran to the counter. Rapidly completing the necessary administrative procedures, she withdrew every cent from her account. Fortunately, the
Morrisons were Premium VIP Clients with the bank. Vivian was spared several raised eyebrows and the questions that would have ensued. 
“Quick, to Coast Haven,” Vivian declared. She looked at Finnick fearfully, hoping that he would drive off. 
Finnick knew that any questions he confronted Vivian with at the moment would not be met with any satisfactory answers. He wisely decided to acquiesce in silence. 
Finnick would obey Vivian unconditionally for now. 
Even though they were already hurtling over at top speed, Vivian found herself unable to take comfort in the thought that they were traveling at their maximum capacity. What if he’s already doing something to hurt Little Pumpkin now? 
Vivian clenched her fists at the thought. Drops of perspiration ran unchecked and unnoticed down the sides of her pants. 
Her mind was fixed solely on the thought of Larry. He’s all I have! If anything happens to him, what else would there be to live for? 
“Drive faster!” Vivian demanded, translating her panic into anger that she proceeded to vent on Finnick. 
It’s all because of you! Vivian fumed, glaring at the man beside her. Five years ago, Finnick had wanted to get rid of his own child. 
Five years on, it was also all thanks to him that Larry had now been kidnapped. Even though they had long since gone their separate ways, Finnick’s presence still lurked in every corner of Vivian’s life. 
Vivian believed that if she had never gotten married to Finnick, she would be leading a less prosperous life, but a peaceful one, nonetheless.
Whatever the case, her life would definitely not be the emotional rollercoaster that it was now. 
“I can’t go any faster. We might get into an accident,” Finnick replied patiently. Their lives might be at stake, too, if he continued with this reckless driving. 
Besides, it was peak hour, and vehicles flooded the road with drivers eager to get home. The unfortunate timing aside, going at a hundred miles per hour placed them at serious risk of a crash. 
Finnick wouldn’t have cared if Vivian hadn’t been on board. But since she was, he had to consider her safety as well. 
Impatiently, Vivian reached over and blared the horn. 
To Finnick’s surprise, the cars in front of him placidly gave way. In an orderly fashion, the cars had opened up a passageway just wide enough for Finnick’s car to pass through. 
Without hesitation, Finnick stepped hard onto the accelerator. The car charged forward. 
The road ahead was smooth, and they proceeded without much difficulty. 
Finnick turned on his GPS navigator and typed in: Coast Haven. 
It was located at a rather deserted spot with little traffic. 
More importantly, there was still quite a distance between their car and its destination. 
We have to go the distance to save Little Pumpkin no matter how far it is! Vivian squared her jaw and looked at Finnick. Finnick nodded with understanding. He turned onto the highway, and they flew on.
###Chapter 760
Chapter 760 
As time wore on, Vivian grew increasingly agitated. Noting Vivian’s near-constant frown, Finnick asked again, “What’s wrong?” 
It was as he had predicted. Vivian refused to tell him. 
His only reply was from the wind whistling past them outside and Vivian’s pointed silence. 
Out of genuine concern, Finnick resolved to break Vivian’s silence. Keeping it bottled up within her would only be detrimental to her health. 
“Vivian, you can tell me anything. I’ll help you in any way I can,” Finnick said gently. His kindly tone seemed to move Vivian slightly. 
She turned to look at him. 
However, Vivian considered that telling Finnick anything wouldn’t have an impact on the situation whatsoever. There was no point, then, in introducing this distraction to their mission. 
“Vivian, I was wrong for what I did five years ago. Don’t keep things from me, OK?” Finnick pleaded, seizing upon the one matter he knew was the stumbling block in their relationship. 
Back then, he had neither trusted nor defended Vivian, and in that, Finnick knew he had failed. 
He also knew that his apology was five years too late. However, Finnick was anguished at the thought that Vivian saw him as an outsider and treated him as such. 
“Five years ago…” Vivian’s mind seemed preoccupied with these words. She looked at Finnick thoughtfully.
“Yes. It was five years ago,” she intoned. Finnick felt rather peculiar. What about five years ago? 
Finnick searched his mind but remained clueless. What does this affair have anything to do with what happened five years ago? 
“Finnick, you’re an absolute jinx. Why do you have to keep turning up in our lives?” Vivian wailed, hammering her fists at Finnick madly. 
The tears that had gathered in the corners of her eyes slid down her cheeks and landed on her tongue. 
She swallowed down a deep breath, together with her salty tears. 
“If you’d never appeared, I wouldn’t be in this state right now! Things wouldn’t be so dreadful. You didn’t trust me five years ago and treated me so horribly. Why are you back to haunt me now?” Vivian continued, blubbering. “Do you want to hurt me all over again? Or are you back to gloat over the pitiful state I’m in?” 
All at once, Vivian unleashed the torrent of bitterness that she had harbored inside her onto the hapless Finnick. When she finished, she fainted dead away. 
Finnick bit his lip with a grave expression on his face. 
Go on and sleep, Vivian. It’s time you take a rest from all your worrying. You’ll need strength to face what lies ahead. 
Finnick reached to the backseat and covered Vivian with a blanket. He then continued speeding on. 
As he drove, Vivian’s words clamored in Finnick’s head as he puzzled over what she had said. 
‘OUR lives?’ Who else could there be other than Vivian? Was she referring to the person who had gotten into trouble?
Finnick furrowed his brow. He decided not to devote any more energy to worrying and wondering. 
Finnick glanced down at his suit, wrinkled from Vivian’s vehement clutches, and smiled to himself. As he directed another backward glance to Vivian’s teary face, Finnick’s heart ached for her. 
Who could possibly have gotten into trouble? Who was it that Vivian was so prepared to risk life and limb for? 
Turning this over in his mind, Finnick increased slammed down on the accelerator. His curiosity was now the relentless slave master that drove him on. 
They were nearly there. 
According to the GPS navigator, they were approximately one mile away. 
Half a mile in, Vivian regained consciousness. She immediately spied from the GPS navigator screen that they had almost arrived at their destination. 
Vivian watched the gap between them and Coast Haven narrow, her heart in her throat. 
The nearer they drew to Coast Haven, the more jittery Vivian grew. She could barely wait to rescue Larry and to hold him safe in her arms once more. 
This present sense of loss was unendurable. 
She had experienced it once, five years ago. That one time had already been more than enough for her. 
We’re here!
Just as Vivian had been occupied with thoughts of Larry, Finnick had already parked the car and walked across to the passenger seat. He held the door open for her. 
Vivian immediately got out. She scanned her surroundings could not even spot a trace of anyone else, much less that of her Little Pumpkin. 
Vivian looked around apprehensively. 
“Why isn’t anyone here?” Vivian cursed. This isn’t what I was expecting! 
She’d anticipated Coast Haven to be a rural, isolated area full of weeds and tall grass. Far from the desert in her mind’s eye, Coast Haven was a venerable paradise.
###Chapter 761
Chapter 761 
An endless meadow, dotted with sprigs of brightly colored wildflowers, stretched out before her feet. It was enough to lift Vivian’s spirits instantly. 
But the gorgeous landscape went unappreciated and unremarked by Vivian, who only had eyes out for her lost child. 
“Come on. Let’s walk around and see if we can find anything,” Finnick pressed. He thought he could say with some confidence that he’d figured out what they were here for. 
The person dearest to Vivian’s heart had been kidnapped. It must be why she’d come all this way to save him. 
Having judged Finnick’s proposition to be reasonable, Vivian decided to follow him forward. After all, this was indeed too much of an open area for the shady exchange that was about to take place. 
Besides, with the car right next to them, Vivian and Finnick might easily have gotten away with both the child and the money. 
Her mind thus lost in thought, Vivian failed to register the extraordinary warmth that flowed from Finnick’s hand to hers. 
Suddenly, Vivian patted her pocket and realized that her phone was still with her. 
She turned to Finnick and declared, “You may go now.” 
Finnick gazed at his vacant hand and smiled ruefully, looking at Vivian. 
“Don’t follow after me,” Vivian warned. She was well aware of Finnick’s obstinate character.
When she noticed him following behind her, Vivian snapped, “What on earth are you trying to do?” 
She was in no mood to engage in a discussion of any sort with him. There was absolutely no way Vivian could allow Finnick to discover Larry’s existence. 
“I’m coming with you no matter what,” Finnick said stubbornly. He met Vivian’s gaze steadily. 
Vivian knew that it would be impossible to shake Finnick off now. What was of paramount importance, then, was Larry’s safety. 
She decided not to waste her breath squabbling with Finnick. 
After they had traversed a short distance, Vivian’s phone rang. It was the kidnapper. 
“Hello, where are you? I’ve brought the money with me,” Vivian immediately announced, demanding the kidnapper’s precise location. 
“There’s a little hut up ahead. Bring the money in with you,” the voice on the other end instructed. 
“OK,” Vivian answered. She could not risk defiance now, with Larry’s safety still hanging precariously in the balance. 
Vivian approached the entrance of the hut with Finnick following close behind. He stuck fast to her, and there was nothing she could say that would effectively deter him. 
At least there was now one more person on her side. 
After they had entered, the door slammed violently shut and locked itself. 
Vivian ran back and yanked at it with all her might. Despite her valiant efforts, however, the door remained firmly shut.
The kidnapper had indeed been meticulous in his design. He’d even chose such a sturdy door! 
Finnick stepped forward to examine the door. Upon confirming that it could not be reopened, Finnick pulled a chair over and sat Vivian down on it. 
“Are you going to keep on hiding the truth from me? Who’s been kidnapped?” Finnick demanded. If I’m going to be trapped here with you, I have the right to an explanation, at least! 
After vigorously racking his brains, Finnick had still been unable to figure out who among the Morrison family was significant enough to warrant a kidnapping. 
“That’s not for you to know,” Vivian said with a toss of her head. 
At that moment, the phone rang yet again. 
“Toss the money and your phone aside. You’ll stay in this room until morning.” Over the phone came the next set of cryptic orders. 
Why can’t he just tell us everything all at once? Why the piecemeal instructions? Vivian puzzled. 
“Where have you brought him to?” Vivian yelled in retaliation. 
Despite being at her wits’ end, Vivian still remained adamant about not revealing Larry’s identity to Finnick. 
Before she could finish her sentence, however, the line on the other end went dead. 
The only audience to Vivian’s fury was the beeping dial tone. 
Helpless, Vivian flung the phone away from her, as well as the money she had brought. She collapsed onto the chair and sat mutely in the room.
Vivian could only hope that morning would come quickly and bring Larry along with it. She would then take him somewhere far, far away, where nobody recognized or knew either of them. 
As Vivian and Finnick waited with bated breath for the first sliver of daylight to appear, Benedict was furiously analyzing the movement of vehicles within the area. 
Noah sat beside him, slogging away with equal measure. Neither of their efforts yielded any result. The only lead they had was of a rented car that had passed by. However, the car plate was too blurry for it to be anything more than a dead end.
###Chapter 762
Chapter 762 
Although Benedict despised Finnick and Noah with everything in him, now was not the time for personal grudges. There was something else much more important at hand. 
“Go to the police station immediately to find out who this car plate number is registered under. I want to know the owner’s name, address, contact information, and everything else that you can find,” Benedict instructed. 
Noah didn’t waste any time in following Benedict’s orders, he took off down the stairs and zoomed off towards the police station in his car. 
Benedict wanted to call Vivian to check up on how she was doing, but she didn’t answer the phone. 
All he heard was a robotic female voice telling him, “The person you are trying to call is unavailable…” 
Frustrated, Benedict threw his phone aside, turning his attention to the video clip for what seemed to be the millionth time. Did we miss anything? 
But Coast Haven was a desolate place, with few people going in or out. He was certain that they hadn’t overlooked anything. 
The kidnapping case had caused the entire city to go into a frenzy looking for the missing child because the housemaid had gone to file a police report. 
Of course, it wasn’t because the citizens were just kind, good Samaritans. They just wanted the reward money for finding Larry. 
Larry’s adorable looks had also caused a crowd of more shallow younger women and girls to spring into action, doing their best to play detective. When the media somehow got wind that the child was
one of the Morrisons, reporters swarmed the lobby of the Morrison Group building in an attempt to ambush Benedict and try to interview him. 
But the man never showed up, and they could only wait aimlessly downstairs while Benedict stayed upstairs, waiting for updates from Noah. 
Thankfully, Noah quickly found out who the car belonged to. 
With this new information, he and Benedict made plans to meet up at the address of the car owner. 
As soon as Benedict stepped out of the elevator and into the lobby, the reporters flocked towards him. 
“Mr. Morrison, who is the little boy?” 
“Mr. Morrison, did you secretly get married?” 
“Mr. Morrison, who’s the lucky woman?” 
“Excuse me! Make way!” The security guards did their best to escort Benedict onto his vehicle, guarding him against the reporters’ microphones and flashing cameras. 
The mass media personnel directed fiery glares at the guards, irritated at how their huge scoop was getting snatched away right in front of their eyes. 
Benedict and Noah arrived at the car owner’s address at nearly the same time. The residential area the address was located at was entirely made up of narrow, winding roads, forcing them to get out of their cars and walk the rest of the way. 
The rancid odor of moldy trash invaded their senses as they walked, but they could only cover their noses and push forward. 
Outsiders rarely came and went in this small residential area.
“The pig next door just gave birth.” 
“The neighboring old lady is hitting her son’s wife again.” 
“The lady living in the west cried in the middle of the night again.” 
These small, mundane issues were the only things the residents had to talk about over dinner. 
That one driver was the only person in the entire area who regularly left the area for work, and many people envied him because of this. 
He also earned some side income through renting out his property, which allowed his family to live a comparably comfortable life here. 
Everyone else merely had a small piece of land to their name and had to provide for themselves. 
The residents of the area stared warily at the two outsiders. 
The man walking in front was tall and handsome, emanating an aura of regality. The guy following behind him wasn’t as eye-catching, but clearly also wealthy. 
Benedict glanced around at everyone, feeling very uneasy with their curious stares burning into him. 
Approaching a middle-aged man in the street, he inquired, “Excuse me. Does Mr. Jeffrey Watson live here?” The residential area was small but messy and unorganized making it harder to look for a single person than they’d initially expected. 
Or worse, Jeffrey might go into hiding if he heard that there were people looking for him. 
“Oh, Jeffrey? Yeah, he lives up there,” the man replied, pointing towards a house that looked much more modern and extravagant than the rest of the houses in the area.
“Thank you,” expressed Benedict, making a bee-line for the house. 
He knocked on the door thrice before a frail-looking young man answered the door. 
“Who are you?” Jeffrey had worked in the city for many years. One look at the two strangers’ outfits was all he needed to know that they were rich people.
###Chapter 763
Chapter 763 
“Hello. Are you Jeffrey Watson?” Benedict instantly asked, cutting to the chase. 
If it was him, then Benedict would continue the conversation. If it wasn’t, then he would leave and start his search all over again. He didn’t have any time to waste. 
“Yes, I am.” Jeffrey stared up at the men in confusion. 
From Jeffrey’s point of view, he hadn’t done anything wrong. So why had they shown up at his doorstep? 
“This is an emergency, so let’s get to the point.” Benedict quickly explained what he came here for as soon as he knew that he had found the correct person. 
“Did you take a passenger to Coast Haven today?” Noah frantically asked as soon they had been let inside. 
“Yeah, I did take one passenger there,” Jeffrey replied without thinking too much about it. 
“I remember him because Coast Haven is desolate and nearly abandoned. Very few people want to go there.” 
“What did he look like? Do you know how old he was?” Noah pressed on, not even letting Benedict get a word in. 
“It… It was a little kid. And quite a handsome young boy at that.” Jeffrey tried his best to recall that day. 
Come to think of it, the incident had been strange. Only a handful of passengers had asked to be driven to Coast Haven in the past few years, so why did a little boy, of all people, ask to go there?
He had only agreed to take the little boy there because the boy had paid him a large sum of money. 
A lightbulb lit up inside Jeffrey’s head. 
Why do these men come looking for me? Are they here to seek revenge because something bad happened to the boy? 
“Kid? Mr. Morrison… what kid?” Noah turned to Benedict, perplexed. 
“You saw a little boy? Did the boy get on the car by himself?” Benedict knew that the kid had to be Larry, but he couldn’t understand why Larry had wanted to go to Coast Haven. 
“Yes,” Jeffrey answered seriously, afraid that one wrong answer would ruin his life and career. 
“I see. That’s all the questions we have. Thank you.” Benedict gave Noah a look, who pulled out a check and handed it to Jeffrey before they left the house. 
“Mr. Morrison, who do you think the kid is? Do you think he’s in cahoots with the culprits?” Noah was only aware that someone had been kidnapped, but he didn’t know that a child was also involved. 
But Benedict brushed the question aside, not wanting Noah to know the details about the situation. “That’s not important.” 
With Noah’s personality, he was unlikely to pry too much into Benedict’s secrets. 
Noah was taken aback upon hearing Benedict’s answer, staying quiet. 
Did I just waste my entire afternoon to find out about something that was of no importance? 
Benedict’s method hadn’t worked out, so they had to turn to other means to discover the truth.
As Benedict and Noah continued their search, Vivian was restlessly tapping her foot on the floor of the house. 
Night was starting to descend, but she was still sitting on the same chair that she’d been staying in since morning. The outdoors was never warm. If anything, it was painfully chilly. 
“Ah choo!” Vivian couldn’t prevent the sneeze that escaped her, sparking Finnick to start worrying about her. 
They couldn’t afford to have Vivian fall ill right now of all times. 
Ignoring what she might think of him, Finnick bent down and picked her shivering body up in his arms, placing her across his lap. 
“Don’t move if you’re cold,” warned Finnick, sensing that she was about to try and escape his arms. “Unless you want to become sick before we can rescue Larry.” 
His last sentence made Vivian ze and instantly relax in his lap. 
That’s right. Right now, there was nothing more important than rescuing Larry. 
Finnick watched as she slowly let her eyelids flutter closed, peacefully resting in his arms. He couldn’t help but recall how they’d been in this exact position five years ago. 
Time flies. How long has it been since we’d last been so physically close to one another?
###Chapter 764
Chapter 764 
The four walls of the house were starting to prove defenseless against the cold wind of the night. 
Finnick let go of Vivian, who had woken up from the zing temperature, to find if there was anything around them that could keep them warm. 
Since the moment they arrived here, all Vivian could think about was Larry, and all Finnick could think about was Vivian. 
Neither of them had bothered to inspect the house, which turned out to be much larger and cleaner than they’d initially thought. 
Finnick looked around and soon found a blanket that looked new. 
He couldn’t help but feel somewhat grateful towards the kidnappers for giving him a chance to have some alone time with Vivian. 
I promise to have a little mercy on the culprits after we’ve escaped this place. 
The corners of his lips quirking slightly, he picked up the blanket and draped it over Vivian’s shoulders. 
His hands accidentally brushed against hers during the motion, the sudden iciness of her skin gave him sent a chill over to him. 
How could her hands be this cold? Finnick wasn’t sure if he wanted to know the answer to that. 
Is she worried about Larry or is this the temperature? 
Decided to keep his questions to himself, he leaned in to hold her hands in his.
Vivian instinctively tried to pull them away, but she took one wry glance at Finnick’s intense stare and gave up. 
There was no use trying to fight against him. 
Vivian’s hands returned to their normal temperature after about fifteen minutes of Finnick warming them up by blowing on them. He tucked her hands into the blanket, telling her, “There’s actually a kitchen here stocked with some food. I’ll go make something for you to eat.” 
They’d gone on the whole day without eating and had exerted lots of energy. She had to be starving by now. 
Vivian’s eyes widened at the statement. 
He’s going to cook? Hah. Is he sure? 
In no mood to entertain his joke, Vivian just nodded silently. 
Finnick got up and stood in front of the simple, primitive stove. 
Naturally, there weren’t any electrical outlets nor any gas for the stove, meaning that he had to start a fire himself. 
He didn’t even have a lighter on him. This is going to be a problem. 
What am I to do now? 
But he couldn’t just let Vivian stay hungry. So, he decided to attempt to start a fire by rubbing two pieces of wood together, even though he had no idea how to properly do it. 
He placed the two pieces of wood against each other and rubbed them to create friction, but didn’t see even a single spark.
Sighing, he glanced over at Vivian and persisted with his determination. 
I’d promised to cook for her. What kind of man would I be if I can’t even start a fire? 
Gritting his teeth, he continued to rub the wood pieces together. 
Finally, a flame abruptly roared to life with a satisfying crackle sound. 
But Finnick sensed something amiss and reached up to touch his hair. 
Because he had been too focused on starting the fire, it had accidentally singed some of his hair off as it burst to life while he was leaning in close to the wood. 
He sighed, giving the fire a deadpan look. He’d gone to such lengths to start it, so there was no way he would let the fire die. 
Tossing the pain of his hair loss to the back of his mind, he concentrated solely on cooking a meal for Vivian, filling a pot with water and setting it aside. 
The kitchen only had some tomatoes, eggs, and fresh vegetables. 
Contemplating his options, he decided on making some sort of vegetable stew and an omelet. With a plan in mind, he set off to work. 
As the boss of a huge corporation and the son of a wealthy family, he wasn’t used to being in the kitchen and even struggled while trying to chop the vegetables. 
But he eventually managed somehow, and peered over to check if the water in the pot had started boiling. 
It hadn’t. Glancing underneath the pot, Finnick realized that the fire had long since died out.
Sighing in resignation, he went back to start the fire back up, but his new attempt proved harder than the last. 
In the end, Finnick had not only failed to start a fire after a long time, but he had also caused the house to be filled with smoke. Vivian curiously walked over to the kitchen to check on him.
###Chapter 765
Chapter 765 
Finnick’s face was stained with soot from the smoke and only his eyes were visible while his hair looked like a bird’s nest. 
Knitting her eyebrows together, Vivian took the pieces of wood from him. 
“Let me try,” she said lightly. She wasn’t sure how to react or treat Finnick when he looked this strange. 
Staring at her, he handed the wood to her and stood over her to see what she was going to do. 
He didn’t know how, but Vivian quickly started a fire without much difficulty. 
This made Finnick feel somewhat inferior. He was a grown man, yet he was beaten by a woman at a simple survival skill. 
But the truth was that Vivian was simply better at him at this sort of thing. And when he remembered that technically, he had only been beaten by his wife, he didn’t feel too bad anymore. 
Vivian started to busy herself in the kitchen, and Finnick once again recalled their life together five years ago. 
Back then, the sight of her in the kitchen had been a common one that greeted him every day he came home from work. 
Getting to see that sight again now was like deja vu. 
Before Finnick realized it, Vivian had already finished cooking dinner. 
He stepped up and helped serve the food, placing the dishes on the table.
Using his utensils, he cut out a large piece of the omelet and set it on Vivian’s plate. She didn’t refuse, nearly inhaling the food. 
“Vivian.” Finnick tried to start a conversation, but she stayed quiet, and only the sounds of them eating filled the room. 
“Don’t you think that this situation is just like before, when you used to cook for me?” 
Her hands froze mid-air before she slowly lifted her head to look up at him. “Even if it was just like before, we can never return to what we were in the past.” 
Her tone was flat and completely devoid of any emotion. 
“Please don’t be like that. Come back to me, please?” Finnick pleaded even when he knew that this was not the best time to be having this conversation. 
But he just couldn’t help himself—his feelings for her were overflowing and spilling out. 
“Can you stop that? Why would I go back to you? To get hurt again? To watch you sleep around with other women?” 
Vivian had no idea how Finnick thought he had the right to ask her to go back to him. 
If he truly wanted to get back together with her, then why did he do everything that he’d done to her back then? 
“I have no idea what you’re talking about, Vivian. Can we please have a proper discussion about this so we can resolve this issue together?” he begged. 
But she was in no mood to take a walk down memory lane with him. “No, thank you. We have someone who’s been kidnapped that we have to save right now.”
The most pressing matter currently was to rescue Larry. Without him, nothing else mattered. 
“I’m sorry for bringing up the topic so soon.” Aware that he had come on too strong, Finnick finally backed down. 
With a small smile, he went back to eating dinner. They both finished their food in silence, refraining from mentioning any other upsetting topics. 
At the end of dinner, their full stomachs soothed the fatigue they felt after the long tiring day, having replenished their physical and mental energies. 
The night was dead silent. Only their breathing and the sounds of the wind filled the house. 
Outside the building, a small shadow moved around, intently observing every single thing that occurred inside. 
Under the dim light of the moon and the stars, the two people sat in the house as their minds wandered to memories of five years ago, completely failing to notice the suspicious figure lurking outside. 
The tiny figure got down on his knees to peek in the gap between the door and the doorframe, a bright smile growing on his face. 
It was none other than the kidnapping victim himself, Larry. 
Watching his parents’ movements, Larry felt like there was something missing. He caught sight of a grasshopper moving near his feet, and a lightbulb went off in his head. 
He picked up the grasshopper and flung it inside the house, letting it fly all the way to rest on Vivian’s body.
The two adults instantly noticed the abrupt movement, scrambling to their feet. Finnick wondered if it was something bad.
###Chapter 766
Chapter 766 
But Vivian had very clearly seen that a bug had flown into the room. 
All the blood was drained from her face; she had always been deathly afraid of bugs. 
She’d hoped that the bug wouldn’t move around after flying in through the window, but she didn’t expect it to fly towards her and perch on her arm. 
Nearly jumping out of her skin, she gasped and tried to get away from the bug, somehow stumbling into Finnick’s arms. 
The warmth of their bodies calmed both of them down as she gazed awkwardly and fearfully up at him. 
He had wrapped an arm around her waist, a charming, satisfied smile on his face, looking like a cat that had gotten the cream. 
Larry knew his mommy very well, and he was well aware that she was afraid of all kinds of insects. 
Seeing that the couple inside had reacted exactly as he’d wished, he giggled to himself and got ready to carry out the last phase of the plan. 
Meanwhile, the grasshopper had long since been stomped to death by Finnick. Slowly lifting her face from his chest, Vivian’s cheeks were flushed a deep shade of red. 
“Are you alright?” Finnick asked, concerned. 
“I’m fine.” Thinking that that was all she would say to him, he was surprised when she followed up with, “Thank you.”
Vivian’s mother used to be constantly ill and needed to drink traditional herbal medicine, but their family was poor and couldn’t afford to buy it from the stores. 
So, Vivian had had no choice but to pick out herbs to make medicine for her mother, repressing her fear and disgust every time she stepped into the long grass infested with all kinds of bugs in order to do that. 
As a result, she eventually developed a phobia of insects, her legs would grow weak at the mere sight of them. 
Thank god that Finnick is here. She wasn’t sure if she would be able stay sane until Larry was saved otherwise. 
“It’s okay. It’s gone.” Finnick, noticing that Vivian was staring blankly into space, assumed that she was thinking about the past. 
He stepped forward and hugged her, rubbing her back in an attempt to soothe her fear. 
After a long while, she pulled away from he, proving to him that she was fine before he was willing to let go of her. 
“What is that?” 
Vivian spotted a rolled-up ball of paper by the door that she hadn’t noticed before. 
“Stay here. I’ll go take a look,” instructed Finnick, wondering if it was a trap. 
Worried for his safety, she fretted, “Okay. Be careful.” 
Finnick stopped in his tracks.
How long has it been since I last heard her caring words? How long has it been since she talk to me willingly? How long has it been since I last heard her using such a soft, gentle voice when talking to me? 
He couldn’t stop the grin from growing on his face, turning around to pick up the paper ball on the floor. 
The words “Sleep on the bed” were written on the crumpled paper in neat yet childish handwriting. 
He did a double-take at the strange message, handing it to Vivian and observed her reaction. 
Shock flashed across her face, and then her eyebrows furrowed together. 
Assuming that she didn’t want to sleep on the same bed as him, Finnick suggested, “You can take the bed. I’ll just sleep in one of the chairs.” 
Saying that, he spun around and was about to head for the chair. 
But he had barely taken more than a few steps away when Vivian abruptly squatted down, trembling all over. 
“Finnick,” she whimpered, clearly sounding like she was in pain and discomfort. 
He quickly ran towards her, observing that her forehead was damp with sweat and her messy hair had fallen out from behind her ears. 
Finnick was at a loss for what to do. 
“Vivian? Vivian, what’s wrong?” 
His heart was hurting for her and wanted nothing more than to help her, but he had no idea what just happened.
I just turned around and she is all pale and disheveled. What is going on? 
Having no time to think about all of that. He reached out and propped up a hand under Vivian’s neck, helping her move into a more comfortable position.
###Chapter 767
Chapter 767 
Vivian used all the energy she had left to choke out, “My stomach hurts…” 
“Your stomach? Why does your stomach hurt? Was it the piece of paper?” Completely clueless, Finnick desperately looked around for the possible cause of her sudden illness, checking the paper to see if there had been any hidden tricks on it. 
But there was nothing. 
“What’s wrong, Mommy?” Just as Finnick was starting to panic, a small figure swung open the door and ran inside. 
“You…” Finnick stared at Larry in disbelief. 
What did he just call her? Why is he here? 
He couldn’t get a single word out of his mouth, holding his breath as he watched to see how Vivian would react. 
“I’m okay.” She instantly reverted back to normal, regaining her composure as if nothing had happened. 
Finnick’s brain short-circuited. 
Didn’t she say that her stomach hurts? Why is she completely fine all of a sudden? 
“Larry.” Vivian narrowed her eyes at her son, waiting for him to explain the situation to her. 
The little boy kept his eyes on the floor, too scared to meet her gaze. “Um…”
She lifted his chin with one hand, making him look right at her as she asked, “What’s going on here? Why did you kidnap yourself?” 
Larry’s mouth fell open in surprise. “How did you know, Mommy?” 
“You tried to change your handwriting on purpose, but every time you write the letter ‘S’, you add an extra curve in it.” 
Vivian had recognized his handwriting as soon as she saw the piece of crumpled paper and instantly got the idea to pretend to be sick to lure him out. 
Larry listened to his mommy intently, getting frustrated at himself for not remembering to change his writing habits. 
Awkwardly scratching his head, he braced himself for Vivian’s scolding as he internally swore to improve his handwriting so that no one else would ever be able to recognize his habits. 
Vivian was entirely clueless as to how Larry could have come up with the plan to get himself kidnapped, but asking him now wouldn’t help matters. She would make sure to settle this at home. 
But Finnick, standing off at one side as he observed Vivian and Larry’s interactions, seemed to have a sudden revelation as he grabbed ahold of Larry’s arm. 
“What did you just call her?” he demanded. The little boy’s face looked eerily similar to him, further fueling his suspicions. 
If this child is really my own son… 
“I called her ‘Mommy’,” Larry replied, tilting his head to one side in confusion. 
Behind them, Vivian lifted a hand to massage one side of her temples.
She had been so focused on pretending to be sick to draw Larry out of hiding that she’d completely forgotten that Finnick was here with her. 
This was the worst possible scenario to be stuck in, but there was no way she could get herself out of it now. 
“Um… little pumpkin…” Vivian was about to say something when Finnick abruptly hugged the boy into his arms. 
Finnick had actually noted how alike he and Larry looked since the first time he met him, but he was too busy wooing Vivian to think too much about it back then. Besides, there was no way that he could have a child. 
But now, after hearing Larry call Vivian “Mommy”, he was absolutely positive that Larry was his son. 
Excitement and guilt crashed down upon him like a tsunami. 
So, the baby that Vivian was pregnant with was really mine. Why didn’t I believe her? 
Something was wrong. He had to investigate the incident from several years ago much more thoroughly. 
Larry was a bit taken aback by how carefully Finnick held him. The foreign feeling of being loved and protected by a father for the first time in his life felt wonderful to the little boy, and he burst out in tears. 
“Daddy, why did you only re-appear after so long? Why did you get into a fight with Mommy?” Larry was still young and had no idea of what had happened before he was born, but even he could tell that there were cracks in his parents’ relationship. 
Otherwise, there was no way that they wouldn’t get back together.
###Chapter 768
Chapter 768 
“I’m here. It’s Daddy’s fault.” 
When Finnick heard Larry call him “Daddy”, he had a sudden rush of emotions. 
He had initially been ready to hold on a little longer before being able to get Vivian back. 
However, the minute he heard Larry calling him “Daddy”, Finnick knew that he had made the right choice. He would never have known that he had such an adorable son otherwise. 
He could have wasted the rest of his life away—living alone miserably till old age. 
At least now he could keep his beloved by his side and was able to protect his own child. 
Finnick had not felt this contented and secure in a long time. 
Ever since he lost Vivian, Finnick often had flashbacks of their memories together whenever he closed his eyes. 
He had also woken up startled from his dreams many times, only to find that his pillow had been wet by his tears. 
He did not know how he had managed to survive these past few years. Now, it was as if all his sacrifice was finally rewarded. 
Regardless of the outcome, he did have a child with Vivian. Since the son was now on his side, his mother would soon be too. 
Finnick turned to Vivian with a smile.
As soon as she saw the look on his face, Vivian could guess what he was thinking. She suddenly felt as though she had fallen into a trap. 
A huge trap, planned out by her very own son. 
“Daddy, where were you all these years? Why didn’t you come back? Was it because Larry was naughty so you didn’t like me?” 
Since young, Larry had always hoped for a father to protect him. Now that he finally had his father back, he began to swamp Finnick with questions. 
“I’ve been quietly watching you grow up these few years. It’s not that Daddy doesn’t like Larry, it’s because someone else doesn’t like Daddy.” 
He then gave Vivian a meaningful look. 
“Daddy has to talk to Mommy in private now. Play in the room for a little while first, okay?” 
Finnick had so many questions for her. 
“Vivian, what’s going on?” he asked as soon as Larry walked a safe distance away. He could no longer contain his emotions. 
Vivian knew that no matter what she tried to hide, Finnick would still be able to find out about it some way or another. Thus, she was better off being blunt. 
“What do you mean? Are you asking me if he’s your son? Or are you trying to ask how that’s even possible?” Vivian’s temper started to rise as she recalled what had happened back then. 
“I wanted to know why you didn’t tell me that I have a son for all these years?” Finnick understood that Vivian was upset with him but was still determined to get an answer.
“So you’re asking how I managed to raise him for so long without your knowledge?” Vivian interpreted his question and threw the question back at him. 
Although the question sounded normal on the surface, only Vivian knew how much sarcasm it actually contained. 
Finnick could sense Vivian’s sarcasm but did not find it inappropriate. He simply nodded, waiting for her answer. 
“Why don’t you ask yourself? If you hadn’t tried to kill my child back then, would I have kept this from you for so long?” 
She paused before continuing, “I was just trying to protect my child. Is that wrong?” 
She then glared at Finnick. If looks could kill, Finnick would have been dead by now. 
“I’d agreed to have the child back then. When did I ask you to abort it?” Finnick asked as he thought back to the events of the past. 
He had wanted Vivian to abort the child back then, but since she refused to do it, he had to compromise and gave in to her wish. 
The situation was nothing like what Vivian described. Finnick was not such a cruel person. 
“It’s already been so long. No matter what you say now, no one will believe your nonsense,” Vivian scoffed. Instead of simply being unremorseful, Finnick was not even admitting to his wrongdoings. 
“Why don’t you believe me? I’m speaking the truth.” Finnick was confused. Were they not talking about the same thing?
###Chapter 769
Chapter 769 
Why was the conversation so confusing then? 
“Stop trying to explain yourself. No matter what you do now, I’ll never be able to forget how you forced me to abort the child back then.” 
That memory would always stay with Vivian. She had never felt so miserable and helpless until then. 
“What do you mean? I did that?” Finnick realized that there had to be a misunderstanding. 
Since he did not do such a thing, someone else had to be playing tricks on them, trying to break off their relationship. 
Finnick contemplated the issue silently. He was determined to find out the truth behind the matter. 
He had a feeling that things were not as simple as they seemed. 
In the meantime, Vivian was anxious since both Noah and Benedict had not contacted her for the whole day. 
However, Benedict had clearly remembered Vivian telling him not to tag along with her back then. 
He had hesitated. What if he wrecked their plan by tagging along? What if the kidnapper hurt Larry? 
Benedict was about to call the police for help before he was stopped by Noah. 
“You can’t, Mr. Morrison. That place overlooks a very wide area. If anything happens, none of us will be able to get away.”
Noah had learned a lot while working for Finnick. Naturally, he thought more thoroughly about such matters. Thus, he knew that calling the police would only blow things out of proportion. 
“Then, we’ll go alone.” Benedict wanted to get to Coast Haven as soon as possible. He could not help but worry about his sister’s safety. 
“Okay,” Noah agreed. He was just as worried about Finnick’s safety. He tailed behind Benedict’s car as they drove off. 
Back at Coast Haven, the family of three had prepared to go to bed. Larry hugged Finnick while Vivian lay on one side of the bed alone. 
“Vivian, are you cold?” Finnick asked. However, there was only silence. 
Since they had quarreled just now, it was understandable that she would be angry with him. 
“If Mommy’s cold, I’ll hug her. I’ll keep you warm.” Larry looked between the two of them. He already guessed that something bad had happened previously. 
However, it was not the right time to speak about it, so he avoided the topic first. 
“Mommy’s not cold. Go to sleep, little pumpkin.” Vivian then turned her back to them and went to sleep. 
Larry slept very comfortably in Finnick’s arms that night. 
All three of them had not slept so comfortably in a long time. 
The next morning, as they were packing to leave, someone suddenly kicked at the door. 
Finnick instinctively pulled Vivian behind him. He let her go only after realizing who the intruder was.
“Vivian, what’s going on?” Benedict had never expected to see such a scene after opening the door. 
He had been thinking up several possible scenes to prepare himself for whatever he would face and was ready to attack if necessary. 
Never would he have guessed that he would see Finnick protecting his sister, which was a heart- warming atmosphere in the room. 
Benedict was taken aback. He turned to see Larry standing beside Vivian and frowned as he was puzzled. 
“What’s going on?” 
Have they saved Larry? Or have all of them been captured? 
All Benedict knew was that their journey had been smooth, without coming across any obstacles or dangers all the way. 
“Ben, this was all Larry’s plan,” Vivian replied in embarrassment. 
It was all a farce, yet it made everyone panic and caused a lot of trouble. 
“It’s fine. I want to hear how Larry did it.” Benedict did not want to pursue the matter anymore. 
“It was easy. I asked Ms. Booker to go make me food, then took some money and my bag and took a cab alone,” explained Larry smugly.
###Chapter 770
Chapter 770 
“Then?” Benedict asked as he started to smile. No one could have thought that a mere child would have so many tricks up his sleeve. 
“Then, I asked around and found out about this place. So I took a taxi over and called Mommy,” replied Larry as he glanced at his mother to see if she was angry. 
Vivian was now only relieved about the entire situation. Her anger had passed long ago. 
“You’re really smart, Larry. But you can’t be so naughty next time.” Benedict attributed everything that had happened to a mere child’s playfulness. 
“Uncle Benedict, I wasn’t playing. I just thought that Mommy and Daddy needed to talk things out,” Larry disagreed. Although he was still a child, Larry did not think like how a normal child. 
He wanted to help his Mommy and Daddy reconcile. It was not just for fun. 
Initially, Benedict did not think much of Larry’s words. It was only when he called Finnick ‘Daddy’ that Benedict became stunned. 
He looked to Vivian questioningly. She simply gave him a nod and he then smiled knowingly. 
“Okay, Larry’s the best.” Benedict took Larry in his arms and glanced at Vivian before he turned and left. 
He did not want to get mixed up in the couple’s conversation this time. He trusted his sister to handle her own issues well. 
“Vivian, wait.” Finnick grabbed her hand as she was about to follow Benedict out.
He did not know when he would be able to see her again once she left. Thus, he did not intend to let her leave. 
“Finnick, aren’t you always trying to lie to me? Since Noah’s here now, let’s get things clear.” 
Vivian wanted to get to the bottom of things. Otherwise, she would really be kept in the dark for the rest of her life. 
“Okay, go ahead.” Finnick was sure that he had not done anything wrong to Vivian, so he was not afraid. 
“Noah, back then, did Finnick order you to go to the hospital and force me to have an abortion?” Vivian asked plainly, not shying away from the incident. 
Finnick froze when he heard her question. 
When did I ever do that? 
Although he was itching to ask his own questions, Finnick kept silent, wanting to hear what Noah had to say. 
Noah, who had been silent the whole time, suddenly fell to his knees and looked at Finnick and Vivian. 
Vivian then realized that Noah was about to confess his wrongdoings. 
What’s the point of admitting your mistakes now? If Benedict hadn’t saved me five years ago, what kind of life would I be living now? Would I even be able to live till now? 
Vivian thought of that and glared at the instigator of the entire incident.
She did not blame Noah, for he was just acting on Finnick’s orders and did not intend to treat her that way. 
The cause of all this was because of the very man who she once loved so deeply. 
“Mr. Norton, this is all my fault. Mrs. Norton, please don’t blame him anymore,” Noah begged. 
If it had not been for him, the couple could never have suffered and would not have had to separate for five years. 
“What exactly happened?” Finnick asked when he heard Noah admitting to his wrongs. He had been his most trusted subordinate. 
“It was Evelyn who planned everything back then,” Noah explained. 
“She left her clothes on the floor along the way to Mr. Norton’s room and was panting in the room. She also used a radio to play a recording of a man’s voice, causing Mrs. Norton to think that you were cheating on her.” 
Noah kept his head lowered. He was worried that Finnick would hurt him if he got angry. 
“Are you saying that Evelyn planned the whole thing herself?” Vivian finally put the pieces together.
###Chapter 771
Chapter 771 
Vivian had not dared to enter the room then. Although she did not see it for herself, she was convinced that Finnick was cheating on her. 
If what Noah said was right, it could explain everything. 
“Yes.” 
He continued, “She threatened Mrs. Filder and had kidnapped my parents. I had to do as she said.” 
As he recalled what he had done, Noah felt terrible. Both Finnick and Vivian had always treated him so kindly. 
“She eventually ordered me to tell you that Mr. Norton wanted you to abort the child. I had no choice.” 
“The first attempt wasn’t successful. The second time, Mr. Morrison saved you. When Mr. Norton was about to go to the airport to stop you from leaving, Evelyn pretended to fall and break her leg, hindering him.” 
As Noah recounted the past events, his voice became increasingly constrained. However, he did not understand what exactly he was afraid of. 
For the past five years, his actions had haunted him daily, reminding himself of how he had betrayed Mr. Norton. 
His conscience constantly nagged at him and he suffered from insomnia every night. 
He could finally come clean about everything today. Although he eventually had to face Finnick’s punishment, Noah felt unusually relaxed as a huge burden of guilt had been lifted off him.
It was unprecedented. 
“That was exactly what happened back then. Please punish me for my mistakes.” Noah then bowed in apology. 
Since he had betrayed Finnick, it was unlikely that Noah could continue working for him. 
“This kick is because you kept things from me.” 
“This kick is for you being ungrateful.” 
“This kick is for betraying your own morality.” 
Noah fell to the ground, enduring his punishment in silence. 
However, he did not have any hatred for Finnick. Instead, he thought that he deserved those three kicks. 
At the very least, he now felt less guilty. 
“Vivian, did you hear that? I was kept in the dark the whole time.” 
When Finnick was done with Noah, he walked over to Vivian. 
Vivian froze. It was Evelyn who had orchestrated the entire scene back then, causing her year of suffering and heartache. Finnick had been unaware of anything the whole time. 
Vivian was full of shock and remorse. 
She was shocked that she did not know the full story this whole time and blamed Finnick wrongly for everything.
Thinking back, he had indeed lost a lot of weight compared to before. Vivian could not help but feel sorry for him. 
Now, they finally knew the truth behind everything that had happened back then. 
Evelyn’s scheme and wickedness was certainly impressive. How did that rich, pampered little princess come to have such a cruel heart? 
However, it was perhaps human nature when we were cornered and fighting to protect our self-interest. It would drive us to carry out the most unimaginable tasks and wicked plans. 
Like how Evelyn could remain indifferent as she watched her biological mother struggling for her life in front of her. 
Or how she could easily kidnap someone else’s parents, completely ignoring the safety of others. 
Now that Vivian realized Finnick had always loved her, she felt that everything she had gone through was worthwhile. 
She stared at Finnick but did not know what to say. 
They had been separated for the past five years. They had a lot to say and many questions to ask. 
Their eyes met and the pair could not help but feel awkward. 
Finnick had no clue that the very things that had been kept from him were the cause of Vivian’s pain. 
Finnick hated himself. If he had waited outside the Morrison residence when Vivian brought up the divorce back then, he could have cleared things up with her then. They would not have to go through so much suffering.
He was the cause of most of their difficulties. If only he had broken off all ties with Evelyn. If only he had not listened to her or believed her words.
###Chapter 772
Chapter 772 
None of this would have ever happened, let alone the five-year separation. 
Moreover, he had mistakenly thought that Vivian had been raped then and even wanted her to abort their own child. Even though he had given in to her, Finnick had still felt very uneasy. 
Thinking back on it now, the whole fiesta was just ridiculous. He had actually believed the word of another woman and doubted his own wife. 
As Finnick thought about the past, he wanted to slap himself as a punishment for being silly. 
He knew he had been wrong. However, what was important now was the future. 
He would never compromise on Vivian’s needs ever again, nor would he let her leave him. 
Never again. 
This was both his promise to Vivian and an encouragement for himself. 
When he came to terms with everything, all Finnick wanted to do was to go home with Vivian. He’d have to admit his wrongdoings and ask for forgiveness. 
Since Vivian’s mood seemed to be fine, Finnick called out to her. 
“Vivian?” 
“What’s is it?” 
Vivian was neither a hypocritical nor a petty person. As soon as she found out that it was all a misunderstanding, she no longer blamed Finnick for anything.
She simply stared at him, wondering what he wanted to say. 
“Vivian, let’s go home.” Finnick was unsure of what else to say. He just held her hand and waited for her response. 
“Okay.” The couple then walked hand in hand across the field, both feeling at ease while enjoying the beautiful scenery. 
When Finnick realized that Noah did not follow them, he turned and said, “Go back yourself.” 
Without waiting for a reply, the couple then continued their way. 
They strolled along the field with their hands joined together. The couple had finally reunited and had many things to say to each other. 
“Vivian, I’m sorry. I should have looked into the matter instead of simply trusting Evelyn’s words.” 
Finnick still felt guilty that his failure to investigate back then had caused such a huge mistake. 
Although Evelyn was the mastermind behind everything, Noah was still an accomplice. As Vivian’s husband, how could I have fallen so easily into their trap? 
This was a terrible oversight and also the main cause of their five-year separation. 
“Actually… it’s not your fault alone. I also didn’t handle a lot of things properly.” 
Vivian was all ready to forgive Finnick. As soon as she heard his words, she had forgiven him completely. 
Despite being unaware of everything that had happened, Finnick was still willing to apologize even though he was essentially a victim too. Vivian felt gratified.
“Oh? Tell me about it.” Finnick could not hide his interest upon hearing that Vivian also wanted to apologize. 
“If I’d trusted you then, I wouldn’t have believed that you were in the room with… Then, Evelyn’s plans would never have been successful.” 
As she thought back on it, Vivian realized that it was Evelyn’s voice in the room that had caused her to believe that Finnick was cheating on her. 
If she had not misunderstood then, things would not have come so far. 
“Well, women love to overthink. You’re a woman too, so it’s understandable.” Finnick chuckled as he patted her on the head then took her hand again and continued walking. 
“No, we have to confront Evelyn about this. Otherwise, I won’t feel at ease.” Vivian had always been someone who remained civil unless provoked. Since Evelyn had offended her first, she would not hesitate to retaliate now. 
However, Evelyn was Finnick’s first love after all. Regardless of how he felt about her now, Vivian felt that it was better to talk things out before Evelyn. 
After all, one’s first love was always the most memorable. 
Finnick understood Vivian’s intentions and laughed. “You’re not the only one that wants to confront her.”
###Chapter 773
Chapter 773 
“What are you confronting her for? That she had tarnished your reputation?” Vivian said jokingly when she noticed that Finnick wasn’t defending Evelyn at all. 
“This is unfair! I’m being bullied by my wife and I can’t even fight back?” Finnick could only play the victim card as he was unable to toss Vivian onto the bed and punish her like he always did. 
On one hand, it would put a smile on Vivian’s face, and on the other hand, it would help improve their relationship by adding some variety. 
However, the two of them went quiet after his mention of the word “wife” and they simply stared at each other in silence. 
How long has it been since I called her my wife? They say married couples don’t stay mad at each other for long. We’ve been together for five years now, so we won’t leave each other again now that we’ve made up, right? Well, I believe that’s what we both hope for… 
Couples that reconcile with each other tend to be very lovey-dovey, and these two were no exception. 
Seeing as the sun was about to set, the two of them held hands as they made their way home, refusing to let go even while Finnick was driving. 
“I won’t let go of you ever again,” Finnick said when Vivian reminded him to focus on the road. She could only smile at him in response. 
Larry ran over to them the moment they got home while Benedict chased after him telling him to slow down. 
“Have you two…” Benedict pointed at their interlocked hands in confusion.
Vivian nodded at him and explained what happened back then. 
“As you can see, Finnick was a victim as well.” Vivian knew how worried Benedict was about her, so she filled him in on what Noah told her earlier. 
However, she made no mention of Noah helping Evelyn out, which surprised Noah who was listening from the side. 
“Yay! Mommy and Daddy are finally back together! I finally have a Daddy!” Larry didn’t really understand what they were saying, but he could get the gist of the situation. 
Mommy and Daddy are together now that they’ve cleared up their misunderstandings, and we can all unite as a family at long last! I’ve always dreamed of having a complete family ever since I saw the other kids playing and having fun with their dads. Luckily for me, no one dared to tease me about my lack of a father due to my powerful family background, but none of that matters now that Daddy’s back! On top of that, my daddy is hundreds, if not thousands of times better than those of the other kids! 
“That’s right, I’m back!” Finnick said as he picked Larry up and hugged him tightly. 
When was the last time I saw Vivian and Larry smiling so happily? I suppose I could let bygones be bygones and forgive Finnick for what happened… To be fair, it was all a misunderstanding on my part, and Finnick wasn’t in the wrong at all… Heck, I feel kind of bad for punching him yesterday… I don’t regret it, though! I wasn’t aware of what truly happened back then at the time, and Finnick is partly to blame for not investigating it thoroughly anyway! Oh, well… I guess we’ll call that punch a punishment for his mistake, then! Benedict thought to himself when he saw how happy Vivian and Larry were. “Vivian, why don’t you bring Larry inside while I chat with Finnick for a bit?” 
Vivian figured it was better for them to talk things out and did as told.
“What’s Uncle Benedict going to do, Mommy?” Larry asked when he felt something was off. Uncle Benedict had a really serious look on his face… Will he hurt Daddy? 
“They’re just going to have a little chat, little pumpkin. Daddy will be with us in a bit,” Vivian said with a chuckle. Man, kids sure grow up so fast! I sure as heck wasn’t this perceptive to these sort of things when I was his age!
###Chapter 774
Chapter 774 
Ah, little pumpkin must have inherited Finnick’s genes! That’s a good thing. At least, he won’t be dumb like me. 
After Vivian had left, only Finnick and Benedict were in the living room, for Noah had already tactfully retreated to the side. 
“Finnick,” Benedict called out. Then, he lifted his head and looked at Finnick even as he contemplated how he should begin. 
“Let’s have a seat. There’s no hurry.” Finnick knew that Benedict had plenty to tell him, so he sat down and waited for him to initiate the conversation. 
“I’m at fault for all those things in the past. I misunderstood you, so I officially apologize to you now. I’m sorry.” 
Benedict felt that he had indeed given Finnick attitude too many times in the past. Many a time, I pull a long face with him, yet he never took offense at me. However, my conscience dictates that I must apologize. I didn’t know that he was kept in the dark back then, but now that I do, an apology is imperative. 
This was his principle, and it was this character of his that garnered Morrison Group a stellar reputation. 
“It’s okay, you didn’t know better. Besides, I was also partly responsible back then.” As Finnick listened to Benedict, he knew that he had already tacitly agreed to Vivian getting back with him. 
Since I’ve already gotten my wife back, I don’t care about everything else. Furthermore, if it weren’t for him putting so many obstacles before me back then, I might not cherish Vivian as much as I do today.
Oftentimes, people only appreciated things that didn’t come easy. 
Everyone knew the truth of that, and likewise, Finnick would also love Vivian more than ever before. 
“Thank you for alleviating my guilt by saying that. But still, my stance remains the same. If you don’t treat Vivian well, there won’t be a third chance for you.” 
This time, Benedict had already given Finnick a chance, so if he were to trample on Vivian’s heart again, he would protect her even if it meant sacrificing everything he had. 
I’ve never taken care of her since young, so now that she’s by my side now, I’ll protect her forever. 
“I’ve got it, Ben.” 
Benedict was startled for a moment when Finnick called him “Ben”, but he then flashed him a smile in tacit acquiescence. 
“Go on in and look for them.” 
Benedict knew that they must be wanting to cling to each other for some time since they had just gotten back together, so he tactfully had Finnick going in alone without intruding on them. 
“Daddy!” Larry had been playing Lego with Vivian, but the moment he spotted Finnick, he instantly threw himself at him. 
At that, Finnick ruffled his head with a bright smile. Then, he stared at Vivian. 
“Why are you staring at me?” A touch embarrassed at his stare, Vivian glared at him in feigned anger. 
“Because you’re beautiful,” Finnick blurted shamelessly, for he knew that she wasn’t truly peeved. 
As expected, Vivian’s face flushed bright red at his compliment.
She then wanted to leave the room, but Finnick grabbed her. “You’re mine now, yet you’re thinking of leaving? I’m afraid it’s not that easy.” 
After saying this, he whirled around and pinned her against the wall in an extremely complicated move while carrying Larry with an arm. 
Meanwhile, Larry naturally knew that his parents were about to do something X-rated, so he instantly covered his eyes with both hands so that he could turn a blind eye to it. 
Upon seeing that, Finnick was abruptly gripped by the impulse to kiss Vivian though he initially hadn’t planned to do so. 
He slowly leaned forward as he gazed at the countenance that had been haunting him every moment of every day. 
Likewise, Vivian gazed at him. As she stared into his adoring eyes, she gradually lost herself in them… 
Nevertheless, they stopped at just a kiss. Subsequently, Larry dropped his hands from his eyes. 
“Mommy, Daddy, did you both kiss to beget me a sister?” Larry looked at them both cluelessly. 
In his understanding, when two people shared a kiss, it was for the purpose of having a child. 
But why a sister? 
Finnick then blurted out this question, only to receive an unexpected answer from him. 
“When I have a sister, I’ll play with her while you and Mommy play together. Then, our family will be extremely harmonious without anyone being left out,” Larry declared exuberantly.
At this moment, he could already picture how it would be when the four of them play together after he had gotten a sister.
###Chapter 775
Chapter 775 
“What if it’s a brother? Will someone be left out, then?” Vivian was initially a tad embarrassed, but she forgot all about her embarrassment upon hearing Larry’s remark. 
“Yup! Well, both my brother and I are boys, so we can’t get together.” Larry nodded in fervent agreement as he spoke, looking exceedingly adorable. 
“Haha…” Upon listening to his reasoning, both Vivian and Finnick burst out laughing. 
Neither of them could quite figure out who he took after. It wasn’t quite Finnick, for he wasn’t as impish as Larry when he was young despite his brilliance. 
However, it was obviously not Vivian either because she was even more slow-witted than him when she was young. 
“Come home with me later, Vivian.” Finnick wanted to return to the home that belonged to them with Vivian. 
In those few years without her, the house had been cold and quiet when I went home every night. 
He had dismissed the two housemaids, so he was alone in the house every night. Since it was only him, he would merely cook something simple and scarf it down without really tasting it. 
However, all that was nothing. Physical pain was far better than the mental anguish that had plagued him. 
Every night, as he slept in the bed they had once shared in the past, he missed her beyond words.
But that was meaningless, for he had no idea how he could win her back at that time and could only bear it alone. 
In time, this vicious circle made him abhor going back home. For that reason, he either spent the night at the office or in the bar as he felt much better with some people around him. 
Recalling the torturous days he had spent in the past few years, he thought, Ah, life will be perfect with her at home! 
Thus, he was eager to have Vivian return home and sleep with him. 
“Hmm…” Vivian pondered for a moment, for she couldn’t shake off the feeling that something was lacking although they had now gotten back together. 
Nevertheless, she couldn’t figure out what it was even after racking her brains for a long time, so she relented in the end. 
“Okay.” 
The moment she assented, a wave of joy flooded Finnick, and he immediately planted a kiss on her cheek. Delight was written plainly on his face. 
Knowing that he would get to stay the night with his father, Larry was ecstatic. He beamed from ear to ear. 
They both then stayed and played Lego with Larry in the room. In no time, night fell. They planned to stay overnight here and pack their things tomorrow before going home. 
That night, they all slumbered peacefully while hugging each other.
Larry was sandwiched between his parents. He tossed and turned happily, unwilling to sleep for a long while. 
Since I’m happy, I’ve got to have some fun! Otherwise, it’ll bug me and make me sad. After all, this is my first time sleeping with Daddy ever since birth! 
However, he didn’t give voice to that out of fear that he would ruin the joyous atmosphere now. Thus, he could only celebrate in such a manner. 
Having no other recourse, the two of them could only allow him to do as he pleased. 
When Finnick opened his eyes the next morning, he was greeted by the sight of Larry sleeping beside him. Casting his gaze further ahead, he then saw Vivian. 
All at once, jubilation danced in his eyes. This is the first time we’ve spent the night together after officially getting back together! 
At that thought, he smiled and glanced at Vivian before gazing out at the sky outside. Now that I have her, everything seems so beautiful! 
Hence, the man, who usually got out of bed as soon as he opened his eyes, lay an extra hour on the bed until Larry and Vivian woke up. 
“Good morning, Honey,” Finnick greeted smilingly upon seeing Vivian open her eyes. 
“Good morning.” At the sight of the delight brimming in his eyes, Vivian knew that he was luxuriating in the time they had now. 
“Good morning, Mommy. Good morning, Daddy,” Larry greeted as well while blinking open his drowsy eyes.
“Good morning!” 
Alas, good times were often short-lifted. They still wanted to laze around in bed for a while, but Benedict’s holler then drifted in from outside. 
“Since you’re awake, come down and have breakfast!” Benedict was actually going to wake them up, only to hear their voices when he reached the door. 
Thus, he stifled his feeling of awkwardness and called them down for breakfast. Then, he pivoted and went downstairs to serve the food. 
“Let’s get out of bed since Ben is awake. Otherwise, he’s going to come and holler again.” Vivian knew that her brother believed that it was crucial to have breakfast and would never allow her to skip breakfast for even a single day.
###Chapter 776
Chapter 776 
“Sure,” Finnick agreed readily. He didn’t have the habit of lazing in bed, and he only did so earlier because Vivian was still in bed. 
Since she was now awake, he promptly got out of bed and dressed. 
As Vivian was a touch shy last night, she merely took off her coat but kept her clothes on before sleeping. For that reason, it took her no time to get dressed. 
She remembered that Finnick moved fast, so she turned around to see whether he was done dressing. 
But never had she thought that he’d only be wearing a shirt at this moment. As her eyes continued traveling down, a particular part of him was slightly erect and showed signs of springing right up. 
Shock swamped her when she saw that. 
Huh? Did he strip everything when he went to sleep last night? And why is he dressing so slowly? He’s doing this deliberately, yes? 
“What’s the matter? Do you miss it?” Finnick teased when he noticed that her gaze remained fixed on that part of him. 
Subsequently, Vivian followed his gaze, only to spot Larry, who was standing at the side. Then, she realized the reason he was slower in getting dressed than usual. 
It turned out that he had dressed Larry while she was still putting on her coat. 
After realizing that, she was gripped by the urge to crawl into a hole. Argh! This is truly mortifying! 
Alas, she had no choice but to face him.
“Alright, speed up.” As Finnick gazed at her face that was as red as an overly ripe tomato, he couldn’t help chortling even harder. 
“Okay.” Vivian touched her flaming face before hastening her movements. 
Very quickly, she finished dressing and went into the bathroom to wash up. In the bathroom, she saw her toothbrush with toothpaste laid out as usual, with Finnick having prepared everything for her. 
In a flash, a burst of warmth flooded her. After brushing her teeth, she went downstairs. Just when she had reached the landing, she caught sight of the three people, who were eating breakfast downstairs. 
“Hurry up and come have breakfast, Vivian,” Benedict hastily prompted when he saw that she was still looking around upstairs. 
Breakfast should be eaten while it’s hot, but they were simply too slow in washing up that it’s now not quite hot anymore! 
“Okay.” Vivian descended the stairs and sat down beside Larry. The three of them sat on the same side, across from Benedict. 
“Are you moving back to Finnick’s place today, Vivian?” Benedict knew that she’d be moving back to Finnick’s place, but he wasn’t certain when exactly she was planning to do so. 
“Yes, that’s the plan, Ben.” Unexpectedly, Finnick’s voice drifted over just when she was about to answer, and he had already answered on her behalf before she knew it. 
“Alright. If so, start packing after breakfast, okay? I’m worried that there are too many things to pack.” 
Benedict was certain that Finnick wouldn’t disappoint Vivian again this time, so he was very supportive of them getting back together.
“Are you kicking us out, Ben?” Vivian couldn’t help asking when she heard how eager her brother was in having her move out. 
“Yup! After all, you only eat and drink at my house without doing anything. So, it’s better that you go over to Finnick’s house and sponge off him instead,” Benedict quipped. 
It’s indeed true that I didn’t do anything other than taking care of Larry, but that was because there were housemaids back then. Yet, he’s now making it sound as though I’m a lazy pig who only eats and does nothing! 
Vivian shot daggers at him, hoping that he would apologize without a moment’s delay. 
But before she had even heard Benedict’s voice, she heard Finnick’s instead. 
“Don’t worry, Ben, I’ll take her away as soon as possible.” After saying that, he turned and looked at her smugly as though he had saved the entire world. 
At the sight of such an expression from him, Vivian unbiddenly felt that he had become increasingly childish in the past few years they had been apart. 
Even some of his actions and tone are very much childlike. 
Nonetheless, she didn’t say that since she was afraid of his reaction if she were to do so. 
“Yay! We’re going back to Daddy’s house!” Larry hurriedly chimed in when he heard them speaking of returning to Finnick’s house later. 
After all, he had been yearning to stay with Finnick for ages. Now, I even get to sleep at Daddy’s house! That was something he didn’t even dare imagine in the past.
“Yup, we’re going back in a while.” Upon seeing that he was jumping for joy, Finnick stroked his head with a smile. Then, he shifted his gaze to Vivian.
###Chapter 777
Chapter 777 
Finnick’s gaze seemed to be saying, Look, even Larry has agreed! Are you not coming home with me? How much longer do you want to drag things out? 
After looking at Finnick, Vivian’s stance relaxed. 
“In that case, help us out later, Ben.” Benedict was her brother, yet he was now kicking her out in such a hurry. Fine, I’ll grant him his wish. But my only condition is that he does the heavy lifting! 
“Hey, you’re simply…” Benedict was torn between laughter and exasperation at her demand, but he didn’t quite know how to describe it, so he simply trailed off. 
“Hehe, only then will I be able to move out more quickly!” Vivian batted her eyelashes at him. 
Then, she buried her head and ate away. She merely kept her head lowered as she enjoyed the food, not interested in whatever else he had to say. 
Meanwhile, when Benedict noticed her good mood, he realized how long it had been since she had last been this happy in recent years. Perhaps Finnick is truly her perfect match. And it’s only when she has gotten back with him will there be such a smile that was usually as rare as hen’s teeth on her face. This is the kind of genuine smile that comes from deep within. In that case, as her brother, I should support her. 
At the thought of that, he lowered his head and ate his breakfast as well. Inwardly, he planned on sending her back later. 
At the side, a trace of chagrin welled up within Finnick as he watched Vivian’s interaction with her brother.
She’s still keeping some distance between us, yet she’s being so natural with Benedict Morrison! 
Unbeknownst to him, it was only after they had gotten back together that she was speaking to him in such a manner. 
In the past, that was something that had never happened. 
When they had finished breakfast in record time, Benedict was then called away by a phone call from his office. Before he left, he promised that he would be back very soon to help Vivian move her things. 
At that, Vivian said that she was merely joking and wasn’t really planning on making him help. 
However, she couldn’t outargue him in the end, so she could only wait for him at home. 
While they were resting on the sofa just after Benedict had left, Noah came over and knelt before them. 
“Mr. Norton, Mrs. Norton,” Noah greeted. 
At that, Vivian looked at him, curious to know what he wanted to say. But beside her, Finnick didn’t even spare him a single glance. 
To him, what he had done was already merciful toward someone who had previously betrayed him. Thus, how could he possibly still deign to spare him any attention? 
“Mr. and Mrs. Norton, I know what I did this time was indeed grievous beyond words. However, I had no choice because I still had my parents to consider. I couldn’t be an unfilial son, so there was no other way out for me.” 
Upon hearing that, rage surged within Finnick, and he saw red. 
“But if I were given a chance at a do-over, I’d definitely save them with everything I have instead of betraying you. While I must save my parents, if I were to do something that goes against morality, then
I would henceforth lose all dignity.” 
He had been piecing this speech together throughout the whole of last night, and he now finally gave voice to it. As for whether he would be getting any forgiveness, that would depend on Vivian and Finnick. 
“Therefore, I’m not wishing that you’ll forgive me now, Mr. and Mrs. Norton. I only hope that you’ll send me to prison so that I’ll receive my due punishment. I know having you punish me will only dirty your hands. Thus, that’s the only way to alleviate my guilt.” 
Noah sounded exceedingly earnest without a hint of pretense, the remorse and helplessness in his voice shining vividly. 
Nevertheless, not only did Finnick’s anger not abate, but it blazed all the more hotly instead. 
To him, Noah was simply hoping for forgiveness from him. 
If he’s truly repentant, then he shouldn’t ever appear before me again! But instead of doing that, he’s actually repenting before me! 
“Let me tell you that it has never ended well for those who betray me, Finnick Norton. Prison? That’s too good for you. I’ve got a thousand ways to punish you just because of one mistake you’ve committed.” 
Betrayal was the one thing he detested most in his life. Since I chose him to be my assistant, I’ve always trusted him. Never had I thought he’d repay me in such a manner! 
“Mr. Norton.” Noah’s head dipped even lower after hearing this.
###Chapter 778
Chapter 778 
Noah naturally knew about Finnick’s methods in dealing with betrayers. Yet, this time, he merely kicked him three times. 
All things said, he didn’t want Finnick to be too livid since it would affect his health adversely. 
“Let this matter go, Finnick,” Vivian, who had been listening to them both at the side, blurted out of the blue. 
Shocked, Noah’s head snapped up, and he stared at her. Likewise, Finnick also gaped at her in surprise. 
He has betrayed me and caused us to be separated for five years! And you’re now asking me to let it go? 
Finnick couldn’t quite understand why she would say such a thing. 
Aware of his thoughts, Vivian explained her reasons to Finnick. 
“Firstly, he’s your subordinate, and you failed to protect his parents. This is the first mistake. Secondly, he had a valid reason for doing so – his parents had been kidnapped. Anyone would panic were this to happen to them,” she surmised. 
Although he had done something wrong, fortunately, his mistake wasn’t all that grievous. Besides, he still chose to reveal the truth in the end. That in itself proves that he deserves forgiveness. 
“Alright, I’ll do as you say.” Despite feeling that her arguments made sense, Finnick felt that a betrayal was still betrayal, and it wasn’t excusable.
But for her sake, I’ll still take her feelings into consideration even if I’ve got to suppress my anger. 
“Noah, you may continue staying by Finnick’s side. However, remember one thing – no matter what you do, stop while you’re ahead.” After saying this, Vivian pulled Finnick up and went upstairs to see how things were between Larry and Mrs. Booker. 
Although they had left, Noah, who was left there, remained kneeling for a very long time. This time, he was truly impressed by Vivian’s magnanimity, and he harbored bone-deep respect toward her. 
Now that I think back on how I had people kidnap Mrs. Norton and planned to kill her unborn baby, I myself think that I was truly too cruel! But since she’s not going to pursue the matter, I’ll be all the more dedicated to her and Mr. Norton in the future. I’ll prove to them that despite having made a mistake once, I certainly won’t do it a second time! I’ll definitely serve them wholeheartedly! 
“Mr. Morrison.” Just when Benedict had arrived at the office, he caught sight of his assistant, who was calling out to him while standing by the entrance. 
“What happened?” Benedict asked as he strode toward his office since he had no idea what was so important that could’ve happened early in the morning. 
All the way to his office, he inclined his head in return to the employees who greeted him. 
“Some police officers came to inquire about the kidnapping case three days ago.” The assistant had heard some rumors that were circulating out there, but he wasn’t sure about the entire incident. 
Hence, he was rather panicked and didn’t know what to do when police officers came. 
And that was why he asked Benedict to rush to the office early in the morning. 
“Got it. It’s okay, I’ll handle it.” I’ve already notified the police when I found them, so I simply can’t figure out why they came.
The moment he stepped into his office, he was greeted by the sight of three police officers sitting before his table. 
When the three police officers saw Benedict coming in, they stood up and bowed to him. Then, they started posing their questions. 
“Nice to meet you, Mr. Morrison. We know that the kidnapping case a few days ago has been solved, but we have orders to find the kidnapper and arrest him,” the police officer in the lead declared, his voice filled with respect. 
“Why are you still trying to arrest the kidnapper? I’ve already retracted the police report, so this has nothing to do with the police anymore, no?” Benedict asked since he had no inkling of their intentions. 
“Well, Mr. Morrison, our chief wishes to extend his help after hearing that you’ve encountered a problem,” a police officer at the back swiftly answered. 
As soon as his words fell, Benedict instantly knew why they had come to his office. 
On the surface, they want to help me bring the kidnapper to justice, but in reality, they want to curry favor with my family. I heard that the current police chief is going to lose his power, so that’s the main reason they came this time. 
He blinked as he contemplated how he should decline their help. 
After all, this entire incident was a misunderstanding. It was merely a trick Larry played, and he couldn’t possibly send him to the police station personally to stand trial.
###Chapter 779
Chapter 779 
Benedict decided that he would simply reveal the truth, and in doing so, quell the police chief’s intention of ingratiating himself to him. 
“Ah, please thank your chief on my behalf, but it was actually a child’s shenanigans that brought about the misunderstanding of a kidnapping case. I apologize for the inconvenience caused.” 
Benedict smiled at the three police officers. After that, he observed their expressions closely and awaited their reply. 
“Oh, so it was your child’s shenanigans from the very beginning. In that case, I truly have to laud his intelligence and courage.” The police officer in the lead had no other recourse but to offer some compliments in hopes that the situation could be salvaged upon seeing that there was no hope for collaboration this time. 
“No, no, he’s nothing special.” While Benedict knew that Larry was indeed extraordinarily smart, he also knew that those words were mere flattery. 
Nevertheless, he still looked at the three of them with a bright smile as he then said, “Well then, I’ve still got some business to attend to, so…” 
The message behind his words was clear as day – he wasn’t interested in a collaboration and was currently swamped, so they should excuse themselves. 
After all, he couldn’t be too blunt because they were all in the corporate world. Otherwise, he would be criticized by others. 
“Oh, sure. Do get on with your work, Mr. Morrison. We’ll be leaving first. Please excuse us.” The police officers knew that he had no desire to work with them, so they decided not to tarry and overstay their
welcome. 
“Goodbye. Please see yourselves out.” After casting a final glance at them, Benedict walked over to his table and took something before taking the exclusive elevator down. 
He didn’t forget that he had promised to help Vivian move house today, so he drove back home after settling the issue. 
“Ms. Morrison, what are you planning to do now that you’ve gotten back with Mr. Norton?” 
“Ms. Morrison, what’s your relationship with Mr. Norton at the moment?” 
“Ms. Morrison, is the child standing between the two of you your child with Mr. Norton?” 
A barrage of questions were directed at Vivian. 
A few moments ago, just when Vivian was about to put the luggage into the car at the door, she was greeted by the sight of a group of reports charging over and surrounding the three of them. 
As Finnick was wearing a stand-offish expression, the reporters dared not ask him anything. Instead, they turned their attention to Vivian beside him, who seemed much more approachable. 
“Uh…” Vivian didn’t quite know how to answer all those questions, so she hesitated and looked at Finnick beside her. 
Finnick, however, detested being surrounded and interrogated in such a manner. In his opinion, if he ignored them, they would then find it futile and leave by themselves. 
Since neither of them spoke after a long moment, the reporters became all the more worked up as they hurled out question after question. 
At that, exasperation flooding Vivian and Finnick. Exchanging a look, they both remained silent.
“Ms. Morrison, are you shy to answer our questions, or is it because your relationship with Mr. Norton is shameful in the first place?” 
Finnick hadn’t planned on saying anything, but the moment he heard a reporter asking this, he immediately went livid. 
No one is allowed to simply speculate about my relationship with Vivian! 
In next to no time, he shielded Vivian in his arms and declared, “Vivian Morrison is my wife, and the kid between us is our son. As for you, you’re now blacklisted.” 
After saying that, he strode toward the house while pulling Vivian along with a hand and carrying Larry with the other. 
Noticing the forbidding expression on his face, the reporters on both sides parted to leave a path in the middle and allowed them to pass. 
However, shock was written all over their faces after hearing that Finnick had gotten back with Vivian, and they even had a child. 
Besides shock, they were also feeling rather regretful that such a handsome president already had a wife and child. 
What a shame! What about us, who still idolize Finnick Norton? 
Most of the reporters who came today were female, and the majority of them were fans of Finnick. Hence, they were all overwhelmed upon hearing that piece of news. 
They stood there shell-shocked for about ten minutes until someone abruptly snapped back to her senses and realized that Finnick had already left. Only then did they start moving.
At that time, their bodies that remained motionless for a long time were already close to going numb. 
Fortunately, they had gotten explosive information today, so they harbored no complaints. 
However, as the reporter, who had been blacklisted by Finnick watched her colleagues leave happily, a wave of resentment surged within her.
###Chapter 780
Chapter 780 
I just wanted to ask something a more scandalous question, but never had I thought that Finnick Norton’s temper would be so bad that he blacklisted me at once! 
In a trice, unbridled rage blazed in the reporter’s initially calm eyes though her thoughts remained indiscernible. 
“Go and pack up, Vivian. Ben will probably be home soon.” As soon as they went into the house, Finnick asked Vivian to pack up. 
He initially planned to help her out, but alas, he didn’t know what she needed or otherwise. 
Thus, he had no choice but to have her do it herself. 
“Okay.” Vivian was very satisfied with his action earlier, so at the thought that they would be going home in a while, she instantly felt as though she was walking on air. 
“Daddy, why did those reporters earlier ask Mommy all those questions?” Larry was extremely puzzled as to why they asked Vivian all those personal questions. 
Mommy isn’t a celebrity, so why were they in such a frenzy? 
“They actually came because of your kidnapping, but they unexpectedly saw me and your mommy with you, so the subject shifted to our relationship.” 
Finnick knew that Larry’s kidnapping case had already caused a sensation. The reporters should have been inquiring about the kidnapping case, but gossip naturally garnered more attention compared to a criminal case.
As they knew which of the two took precedence, they forgot their initial intention and inquired about their relationship instead. 
“Hence, you can’t be so mischievous in the future, little pumpkin.” Vivian couldn’t help chiding Larry when she overheard their conversation while packing her things. 
This time, he had indeed gone overboard, but it was all thanks to him that I’ve now reconciled with Finnick. If not, I’ve got no idea when the misunderstanding between us would’ve been resolved. 
“Got it, Mommy,” Larry murmured guiltily, knowing that he had created trouble for his parents this time. 
“But your intelligence and courage are indeed admirable, little pumpkin,” Finnick proclaimed as he ruffled Larry’s head, admiration written all over his face. 
The kidnapping this time took place at a relatively remote place, and Larry had to observe them outside at night, so it required a lot of guts. 
“Hehe, Mommy taught me well!” In reality, Vivian didn’t really teach Larry anything much; it was all his ingenuity. 
Nonetheless, since he was now giving her this honor, Vivian accepted it without any compunction. 
After having made two trips up and down the stairs, her brother, Benedict, came home. 
“Why is everything already packed?” Benedict stared at the bags of various sizes on the floor. Didn’t she say that she’d wait for me to come back? 
“How would I dare have you help me when you’re such a busy man, Ben?” Vivian teased him with a smile, and she even brushed a finger under his jaw. 
At that moment, she appeared very much roguish.
However, as she was teasing him, a pair of big and strong hands grabbed hers. 
The moment she looked up, she was greeted by Finnick’s face. 
“Have you forgotten that you’re married, Honey?” Finnick arched an eyebrow as he gazed at her domineeringly. 
Having forgotten that this jealous man was also here, Vivian froze. 
“There’s no need to help her, Ben. Let her pack up by herself.” Finnick knew that she was almost done, so he was merely saying this to punish her for a bit. 
“Okay.” Benedict felt that he shouldn’t be interfering in their squabble, so he merely nodded in acquiescence. 
“Ben, you… you’re just too much!” Vivian was often picked on by Finnick in the past, so she was already accustomed to this. 
But never had she thought that her amiable brother would team up with him and treat her in such a manner. 
“Don’t blame me, Vivian. I’m doing this for your own good.” Benedict looked at her with feigned righteousness. 
“Hmph!” Vivian snorted as she stared at their nefarious expressions before she went back to packing. 
“Remember to take good care of her, Finnick.” Benedict was a tad reluctant to see Vivian leave when they had been living together for five years. 
Nevertheless, he could only suppress his reluctance in exchange for his sister’s happiness.
###Chapter 781
Chapter 781 
As long as Vivian is happy, everything else isn’t important. 
“Don’t worry, Ben,” Finnick avowed as he looked Benedict in the eye. 
Even if he didn’t say that, I’ll still take good care of Vivian. It’ll be dumb of me if I let her leave again after having spent so much effort to win her back. 
“I trust you.” Just after Benedict had said this, Vivian’s scream pierced the air. 
“Ahh!” 
Upon hearing her scream, both Benedict and Finnick swiftly sprinted up the stairs. 
However, it wasn’t because they were curious. Rather, the cry was simply too chilling. 
“What’s wrong, Vivian?” Finnick dashed into the room, but he didn’t see any sign of Vivian. 
He searched the entire room, but there were only a few things that hadn’t been packed scattered about the room. 
Then, he circled the room. All of a sudden, he noticed something amiss at the windowsill. The curtains had already been taken down, proving that she was there when she was last in the room. 
As such, Finnick walked toward the window step by step. The closer he drew, the faster his heart pounded. 
He simply couldn’t believe the truth that was staring him right in the face. No… that can’t be it! If she truly had an accident there, the consequences would be inconceivable!
He was now three steps away. 
Two steps. 
One step. 
Finally, he reached the window. When he heard the rustling of clothes, he looked right down, out the window. 
Sure enough, Vivian had been pulled out of the window and was now on the ledge where the air- conditioner was located. 
Seeing that, Finnick promptly leaped down and snatched Vivian away from the woman. 
“Are you okay, Vivian?” Finnick queried to ascertain that she wasn’t hurt since he didn’t see any injuries on her after first looking her over. 
“I’m fine. I just suffered a fright.” Vivian shook her head smilingly as she looked at him. 
Her smile, however, was tinged with a hint of relief and lingering fear after her near brush with death. 
Finnick’s heart clenched at the sight of the smile, and he frowned. In the next moment, he swung his gaze at the woman at the side. 
She’s the person I’d just publicly blacklisted just now! At that moment, he finally understood what this was all about. 
“What exactly do you want?” Vivian demanded, for she had also recognized her. 
“Nothing. I just want a job and to be a good reporter. But you, Finnick Norton, pushed me to the edge of the cliff.”
The woman’s name was Yolanda Yeager. She was from a poor family, and her dream was to be a successful reporter. 
However, the questions she usually posed were overly unscrupulous. On top of that, she also had no qualms doing anything at all for a scoop. For that reason, she had offended many people within the industry. 
This time, her question had incensed Finnick, so she was blacklisted. As no friends in the industry were willing to lend her a helping hand, she chose to give up on herself and go for broke. 
She wanted to take revenge against Finnick, but he seemed to be an exceedingly difficult target, so she went for Vivian, who appeared like easy prey. 
“Yes, you didn’t do anything grievous, but you are unscrupulous in your quest to obtain a scoop. Plus, you disregarded someone else’s life just to vent your resentment. While you didn’t do anything wrong, your question disrupted our life.” 
“People should help each other, unlike you and your selfish disposition. Just leave. I won’t pursue the matter this time.” 
Vivian could be considered a colleague of hers in the past, so she understood her feelings well. 
Fortunately, I didn’t sustain any injuries this time, or I won’t be able to spare her even if I do want to do so considering Finnick’s temperament. 
“Let’s go.” After saying that, Finnick carried Vivian back to the room. 
“Don’t forget your initial intentions,” Finnick said to Yolanda mildly before leaving. Then, he climbed up the windowsill.
“I’m sorry I worried you, Ben.” Vivian noticed her brother staring at her intently after getting back into the room, so she flashed him a smile in reassurance. 
“It’s okay. Nothing matters as long as you’re fine.” Benedict then cast Finnick a glance before he left the room. 
“Alright, everything’s over. I’m here, so don’t be afraid.” 
Finnick knew that Vivian had definitely suffered a fright earlier, so he stepped forward and hugged her, stroking her back in consolation. 
“Alright, I’m fine. Let’s pack up and go home.” Vivian wasn’t all that melodramatic either. It’s no big deal. I was just yanked out of the window earlier.
###Chapter 782
Chapter 782 
Luckily, there’s a ledge underneath, else I might have truly plunged over the windowsill. Even if the fall doesn’t kill me, it would’ve crippled me. 
“Okay.” Finnick stayed by her side at all times, worried that she would once again suffer any harm. 
Meanwhile, Benedict kept an eye on them both. When he was certain that everything was fine, he decided to drive and see them home. 
“Vivian, I’ll drive your luggage over, and you two drive home by yourselves.” Benedict didn’t want to intrude on them, so he proposed splitting up. 
Vivian naturally knew his intention, so she merely nodded in acquiescence. 
“I’ll be going, then.” After saying that, Benedict left when Vivian had murmured an acknowledgment. 
Thus, it was only Vivian, Finnick, and Larry left in the house. Fortunately, Larry was with Finnick during Vivian’s incident, else things might have been disastrous. 
When Vivian and Finnick saw that Benedict had left, they quickly got ready to leave as well. Benedict was a guest, after all, so it was an affront if they were still tarrying elsewhere when the guest had already arrived at their house. 
“Vivian, Larry, let’s go.” They all left after Finnick had gathered Vivian and Larry. 
Noah, on the other hand, had left with Benedict to make some arrangements at home. 
“Okay!” Finnick held Vivian and Larry’s hands, one on either side of him. 
At that moment, the family of three wore a blissful expression on their faces.
It had been a long time since Vivian had last gone back to Finnick’s house. 
I wonder if it’s still the same – if there are still traces of me having lived there and whether the modifications I did remain. 
Thinking of that, she couldn’t contain the excitement within her and was eager to go home for a look. 
Sensing her mood, Finnick sped up. Likewise, he couldn’t wait for her to see that the house looked exactly the same as it did before she had left. Nothing had changed. 
“Daddy, is our house big?” Larry questioned. He was trying to imagine how the new house looked like, yet he just couldn’t picture it. 
“Yup. It’s even bigger than your Uncle Benedict’s house,” Finnick answered indulgently as he looked at Larry’s adorable expression. 
And indeed, it was the truth – their house was indeed bigger than Benedict’s. Although it was merely a little bigger, it still counted. 
“Yay! That’s great! I love huge houses!” Larry clapped his hands in delight when he heard Finnick’s reply. 
While Vivian knew why he liked big houses, the same couldn’t be said for Finnick. 
Truthfully speaking, it was because Finnick wasn’t around when Larry was young. 
“Why do you like huge houses, little pumpkin?” That question lingered within Finnick, so he gave voice to it. 
“Because if I live in a big house when I’m young, I’ll definitely want to live in a bigger house in the future. Then, I’ll be able to protect Mommy!”
Larry had been cognizant of the fact that he was a man ever since young, so he had to shoulder the responsibility of protecting his mother because his father wasn’t there. 
Although Daddy is now here, I’m still Mommy’s little man, so I must protect her! 
Upon hearing that, Finnick’s heart jolted. My son is far better than I’d imagined! At the very least, he knows that he’s a man and is willing to shoulder the responsibility due to him instead of being irresponsible. In today’s society, even some grown men lack such sentiment, but my son is already thinking this way at such a tender age. He’s indeed my son, a giant among men! 
“But why are you not protecting me, little pumpkin?” In truth, Finnick wasn’t bothered about this; he merely wanted to know how Larry was going to answer. 
“Hmm… You’re a man, so you don’t need me to protect you. Plus, I believe that you’ve got the capability to protect both me and Mommy,” Larry replied after pondering for a moment. 
When his words fell, Vivian, who had remained silent throughout it all, chuckled aloud. 
“What if I don’t have the capability to protect myself?” Finnick adamantly asked further. 
“Then, I’ll protect you,” Larry declared resolutely as he stared at him. 
People will inevitably grow old. If Daddy doesn’t have the capability anymore, I’ll protect both Daddy and Mommy since I’ll have grown up by that time!
###Chapter 783
Chapter 783 
“Sure, sure.” That was the first time Finnick had ever heard someone promising to protect him, and it was his own son at that. All at once, joy bloomed within him. 
“However, you’ve got to love me a lot. You must love me more than you love Mommy,” Larry blurted worriedly as something seemingly occurred to him out of the blue. 
At that, Finnick thought that he was jealous of Vivian. Conversely, Vivian knew the true reason behind his request. 
“Why?” Finnick couldn’t resist asking. 
“Because you’ve already doted on Mommy so much in the past, yet you’ve never doted on me, Daddy. So, you’ve got to compensate me.” 
Larry knew that he had misspoken earlier, but since the words were already out of his mouth, he didn’t change his tune. Instead, he bit the bullet and uttered it with laughter in his voice. 
It sounded as though it was a joke, but Finnick finally realized that he wasn’t jealous but lacked fatherly love. 
It’s because I wasn’t by his side ever since he’s young that he never had any fatherly love. And though he said it in a joking manner, it’s even more distressing than if he’d done so in a disappointed tone. What had he gone through that he’s even speaking of something unhappy with a smile? 
At the thought of that, his heart twisted in agony time and again. He didn’t know what to say to console Larry. 
At this precise moment, Vivian, who was sitting with Larry, spoke.
“I’m sorry, little pumpkin. It was me who deprived you of the five years you could’ve been with your daddy. If it wasn’t because of me, you wouldn’t be so unhappy now.” 
She knew that she was at fault in this matter, but she had always thought that Larry wasn’t bothered about his father, whose identity he didn’t even know. Never had she expected him to have always been longing for his father. 
Thus, this was quite a revelation to her. 
“No, don’t take all the blame on yourself. And don’t worry, Larry. I’ll never again abandon you in the future.” 
A bolt of anguish lanced through Finnick when he heard Vivian shouldering all the blame, so he spoke and gave Larry a promise. 
“It’s a promise, then. Mommy, Daddy, you must keep your word, okay?” Larry put on a cute expression after hearing that, making them both laugh. 
Subsequently, Vivian and Finnick inadvertently met each other’s eyes, both tickled pink. 
Finnick reached out and took her hand, warmth filling him as he gazed at her. 
Meanwhile, Larry docilely sit on Vivian’s lap and did his best not to disrupt the two lovebirds when he saw the blissful expressions on their face. 
About twenty minutes later, they arrived home. 
From the look of things, Finnick reckoned that Benedict had reached a long time ago, and he was now drinking tea on the sofa. 
Beside him was Noah, who said nary a word.
Strangely enough, ever since Noah admitted to his mistake back then, he had been increasingly taciturn. 
Everyone had noticed this, but no one said anything. After all, perhaps he just had nothing much to say. 
Vivian, on the other hand, felt that there was something amiss with him. Therefore, she planned to ask him about it when she was . 
“Didn’t you two take the same route as I did? Why are you only arriving now?” Benedict couldn’t help grousing as he had already drunk several cups of tea before he finally spotted the three of them. 
“No, no, it’s because your car is good. Next time, gift us one, and you won’t have to wait for us,” Vivian quipped impishly. 
Since he’s complaining that we’re slow, I’ll just ask him to give us a car! While there are already a lot of cars in the garage, I don’t mind having another one, especially if it’ll be at zero cost to boot! 
“Hey, you’re always trying to take advantage of me! Ask your man to give you whatever you want.” Benedict wasn’t about to fall prey to her trick. 
In reality, he didn’t mind buying her a car, but it would be extremely embarrassing if he were to truly do so after she had put it in such a manner.” 
“Hehe.” Vivian merely gave an awkward bark of laughter in response to his retort. 
“Have a look at the newspaper this morning. You two are the talk of the town now.” Benedict snagged the newspaper that had just been published that morning from the table and handed it to them so that they could see what had happened.
###Chapter 784
Chapter 784 
Finnick knew without a hint of doubt that it was the doing of the group of reporters yesterday. Vivian, however, wanted to know what the reporters wrote about them. 
As soon as she picked up the newspaper, a huge headline that was very conspicuous stared her right in the face. 
“The Truth Is Revealed For The Kidnapping Case A Few Days Ago: The Culprit Turns Out To Be The Son!” 
“The President Of Norton Corporation And His Wife Reconciles, Heartwarmingly Disposing Trash With Son!” 
“The President Of Norton Corporation Domineeringly Declares That Ms. Vivian Morrison Is His Wife!” 
Vivian read all the headlines aloud. She couldn’t help but feel impressed at all these headlines. 
She then moved on to the contents, only to find them rather similar, thus lost interest. 
Consequently, she placed the newspaper down. 
“It’s okay. It’s no big deal being the talk of the town.” Vivian didn’t mind it since she was used to it in the past. It’s just a reinstatement of my life five years ago. 
“Yeah, it’s nothing.” Finnick was all the more nonchalant about it. 
Upon seeing that the two of them seemed to have settled in just fine, Benedict took his leave from them.
“Alright, I’ve driven your things here, so there’s nothing much I can do further. You two unpack yourselves, okay? I’ll be leaving, then.” 
He was the president of a listed company, after all, so it was already an honor that he had lowered himself as a driver and helped them with moving house. Now, he had to go to the office to handle business. 
Argh! I even feel as though I can already see a mountain of documents beckoning me! 
“Okay. Drive safely, Ben.” Finnick inclined his head at Benedict and looked on as he left. 
“No matter what you did in the past, I hope you’ll do your job well,” Benedict said to Noah, who had come out to see him off. 
Actually, Finnick froze for a moment when he was just about to ask Noah to see Benedict off earlier and said nothing in the end. 
But perhaps Noah was aware of Finnick’s intentions, for he came out to see Benedict off anyway. 
That had Benedict sensing that something was amiss since Finnick had Noah helping him in everything in the past. 
Now, however, he didn’t even want to ask him to see a guest out. From that, Benedict reckoned that Noah must have done something so atrocious that he had lost trust in him. 
“I will, Mr. Morrison.” Noah wasn’t at all surprised that Benedict could guess that something was off. After all, he had been in the corporate world for many years, and his company wouldn’t have attained its scale today if he couldn’t even perceive this much. 
After saying that, Benedict spun around and left.
“Go and unpack in your own room, little pumpkin,” Vivian ordered Larry to unpack himself when she saw the huge pile of things. 
On the one hand, it would be good practice for him, and on the other, it would mean less work for her. 
“I want to sleep with you and Daddy, Mommy!” A sliver of displeasure slithered into Larry when Vivian told him to sleep in a room by himself. 
“No way!” Finnick wanted to enjoy time alone with Vivian, so if Larry were to sleep with them, there would be no hope for pleasurable days ahead. 
“But why?” Larry inquired in bafflement as he stared at Finnick, whose reaction had been overly vehement. 
“Because you’ve now grown up, so people will laugh at you if you still sleep with your parents.” Finnick earnestly fabricated an excuse. 
Aware of the true reason behind Finnick’s ion, Vivian burst into giggles. 
At that, Finnick shot her a fierce glare. 
Feeling that she should say something or risk Finnick punishing her later, Vivian asserted, “You’ll have your own room, but you can also sleep with us when you feel like doing so.” 
“Okay, I’ll listen to you both!” Larry conceded as he felt that they made sense. 
“That’s a good boy!” Finnick then winked at Vivian when Larry agreed to sleep in a room by himself, seeming to say: Honey, look! Aren’t I incredible? 
As Vivian stared at his flirtatious look, she rolled her eyes at him before leaving to unpack in their room.
She looked around as she walked. This place is still the same as before I left; nothing has changed. Even the shoes I’d worn five years ago are still there on the shoe rack! 
When she arrived at the room, she opened the closet, only to see that everything was still the same with nothing out of place – half was Finnick’s clothes, and the other half was hers.
###Chapter 785
Chapter 785 
Back then, she left without taking anything with her. Hence, all her clothes were still lying intact in the wardrobe. 
Nevertheless, after so many years, she had slimmed down too much and those clothes didn’t fit anymore. Vivian took out the clothes and put them in a box, preparing to throw them away. 
After all, five years had passed and she couldn’t really wear them anymore. And even if she could, those were some uninteresting old outfits that Vivian no longer wanted to wear. 
Her current lifestyle was to dress well, eat well, and never let herself be deprived of what she deserved. 
While she was still packing the old clothes, she heard the phone ringing downstairs. 
Finnick had already picked it up when Vivian got downstairs. However, Finnick’s expression turned increasingly somber as he stayed on the phone. Eventually, he uttered, “Alright, I’ll be there right away.” 
With that, he hung up the phone and turned to Vivian. “Evelyn has disappeared.” 
That piece of news gave Vivian a severe shock. Shouldn’t Evelyn be in the hospital? How did she just disappear all of a sudden? 
Vivian couldn’t get her head around it. She purposely asked the nurse to keep watch on Evelyn when she was leaving the hospital. How did it turn out this way? 
“Let’s go to the hospital and take a look.” Though bewildered, Vivian quickly came to understand that one had to be painstaking in order to keep someone properly guarded.
She could only blame herself for not taking enough precautions to prevent this from happening and not put the blame on others. 
“Alright.” Finnick took Larry in his arms and left for the hospital with Vivian. 
“Daddy, who went missing?” From their conversations earlier, Larry knew that someone had gone missing. 
But he had no idea who it was. 
“It’s a bad person.” Vivian didn’t answer and waited for Finnick to respond. 
However, she didn’t expect Finnick to be so straightforward and referred to Evelyn as a bad person directly. 
“Mmm… Then, would she be like me and was just staging an act of being kidnapped?” Larry suddenly thought about the kidnapping which he had faked previously. 
He was curious and wanted to know if this current incident was a sham plotted by the bad person to ask them for money. 
“There is no reason for her to do that.” Finnick gave a thought about what Larry said and didn’t think that Evelyn would have any reason to do so. 
Evelyn had completely no advantage in putting on an act as such. Hence, the reason she had vanished was most probably to escape from this place and then make a comeback. 
To win Finnick’s heart again. 
That was what Vivian thought.
Women knew women best. Vivian was of the opinion that Evelyn would never give up on Finnick so easily. 
“Then why did she leave?” Hearing that the idea he gave was not possible, Larry tried to inquire further in another way. 
“Little pumpkin, listen. This is a matter among the adults, and as a kid, you should stay away and not ask too much about it, alright?” Vivian stroked his hair gently. She didn’t want Larry to know too much about this matter which concerned Evelyn. 
After all, it was not something worth mentioning but a long-standing grudge. 
There was nothing beneficial to Larry from knowing it. Hence, it was best to keep it to themselves and not reveal it to Larry. 
“I’m not a kid. I can help share Mommy and Daddy’s burden as well.” Hearing Vivian’s response, Larry countered in a pout. 
Larry thought that he was far more sensible than his peers of the same age and was capable enough to help his parents. 
Nevertheless, Finnick and Vivian always claimed that he was too young to know all these matters which were better concealed from him. 
That made Larry dislike his age sometimes. He felt that it was his age that brought about a lot of obstacles in many of the things he encountered. 
“Little pumpkin, sometimes, it’s not that we want to keep things away from you, but it’s because these matters are not worth mentioning. Do you understand?” Seeing that Larry was rather downhearted, Finnick tried to make him feel better.
In fact, it was partly because of Larry’s age that Finnick was reluctant to fill him in, but it was also because these matters weren’t worthwhile to mention at all. 
“Yes, I understand now,” Seeing that Finnick was explaining it to him so earnestly, there was nothing that he could refute anymore, so he answered meekly. 
Finnick was relieved to find that Larry was so mature and thoughtful. 
Sitting next to Finnick, Vivian was still wondering where Evelyn went after leaving.
###Chapter 786
Chapter 786 
Thinking of that, Vivian made a call to Noah and asked him to check Evelyn’s bank account. 
If Evelyn had indeed escaped from the hospital, she would definitely withdraw money from the bank. That was one way to know Evelyn’s location and actions. 
“If Evelyn didn’t withdraw money, then just ze her bank accounts,” Vivian ordered Noah before ending the call. 
Vivian knew that Evelyn had no money at all, so they could get ready and wait for her to show up. 
With Evelyn’s current stamina and strength, she would surely go to the nearest bank. In that way, Noah would be able to find her. 
After everything was done, Vivian was very pleased that she had found her wits again. 
However, almost immediately, she thought about the possibility that Evelyn had already withdrawn money. If that’s the case, what should I do? 
At the thought of that, Vivian asked Finnick to drive faster so that they could reach the hospital sooner to see what had happened. 
Most importantly, she wanted to see if Evelyn had left any clue which could be useful. 
Very soon, they arrived at the hospital, and Vivian carried Larry off the car. Larry then followed her and Finnick closely. 
“Mommy, are we coming to the hospital to look for someone?” Larry knew that it was the hospital as he had seen the signage at the entrance.
“That’s right,” answered Vivian, who suddenly paused in front of the entrance of the hospital. 
Finnick knew the reason Vivian froze on the spot, but Larry was puzzled. 
“Mommy, why aren’t you going in?” Larry took Vivian’s hand and wanted to get in quickly to catch the bad person. 
“Alright, let’s get in.” Looking at Larry and Finnick, Vivian felt that she had nothing to worry about. 
Hence, she strode forward. 
“Vivian, stop right there!” 
To get to Evelyn’s ward, they had to pass by Rachel’s ward. Unfortunately, Rachel saw her when they walked by her ward. 
Rachel shouted at Vivian to stop her. 
“Is there anything you need?” Vivian was going to ignore Rachel initially. However, at the sight of Rachel almost falling from her bed owing to her own aggressiveness, Vivian changed her mind and relented. 
She walked over and asked Rachel the reason she called out at her. 
Finnick felt that there was something wrong with Rachel, so he walked to Vivian’s side and kept her guarded, just in case Rachel harmed her. 
“You’ve found your happiness now; why do you have to force Evelyn away?” Rachel was aware that her daughter went missing, but she didn’t know the reason behind it. 
She subconsciously assumed that it was Vivian who had driven her biological daughter away
“And you. Why are you still with this vicious woman? You should leave her as soon as possible.” 
Rachel was about to berate Vivian but was blocked by Finnick, who had stood in between the two women. 
It was only at that moment did Rachel realize the person, who was standing in front of her, was the man whom her daughter loved so dearly and wholeheartedly. 
“Take Larry out of here.” Seeing as Noah had come, Finnick asked him to bring Larry elsewhere as he didn’t want Larry to see this. 
“Let’s go, Mr. Larry.” Upon hearing Finnick’s order, Noah hurriedly took Larry out of the ward. 
It was the first time Finnick had given him a task since he had betrayed him. Hence, Noah was delighted because he knew that Finnick had forgiven him. 
“Noah, why doesn’t Daddy allow me to be in the ward?” After being brought out by Noah, Larry asked him rather dejectedly. 
“Mr. Norton doesn’t want you to be bothered because it would be very noisy in the ward later,” Noah could only answer Larry in this way as he didn’t know what to say otherwise. 
Also, Noah was able to foresee what was about to happen in the ward, so the excuse he had given wasn’t really a deception to Larry either. 
Not long after that, the sound of something smashing on the ground came from within the ward. 
It was Rachel throwing some stuff at Vivian, but it didn’t hit her as she managed to dodge it, and it fell to the ground.
“Vivian Morrison, I hate you. It’s because of you I lost my only daughter. It’s all because of you that my life became such a mess.” Rachel was on the brink of madness and said some pretty terrible things.
###Chapter 787
Chapter 787 
Vivian let it ride. Yet, she couldn’t help but frown when she took a gander at Rachel, who had accidentally fallen from the bed as she was trying to hit her. 
“Send her to the nursing home instead. Don’t let her be in the hospital anymore,” Vivian said to Finnick and also asked for his opinion at the same time. 
Certainly, Finnick agreed to it. Rachel hurt Vivian even though she had also raised Vivian. That said, Vivian no longer owed her anything as she had paid her off for raising her. 
Hence, Finnick wouldn’t tolerate Rachel’s way of treating Vivian anymore. 
Leaving the ward together with Vivian, Finnick saw Larry and Noah, who were waiting outside. 
“Mr. Norton, Mrs. Norton, I’ve checked. Evelyn had made a full withdrawal from her bank account before we discovered that she went missing,” Noah told them about the findings of his investigation. 
Even though it was a task given by Vivian, he gave his all in completing it and reported it to both Finnick and Vivian. 
“Well, in that case, let’s check if there are any trails left by her in the ward.” Noah’s account of the matter was expected by Vivian as well. 
Evelyn’s success in running away indicated that she had borne this idea for a long time in her mind. 
It was reasonable that her plan was perfectly concealed from others since it might have been plotted long ago, but Vivian didn’t believe that an immaculate plan could exist. 
Therefore, she was determined to go to the ward to have a look.
“Alright, let’s go then.” Finnick agreed to Vivian’s idea to go to the ward because, in the event that they could get any clue from her ward, it would also be helpful to their search for Evelyn. 
Taking Vivian’s hand in his, Finnick reached the door of the ward. The ward wasn’t any different from how it used to look usually, but there was one exception—a few words were carved on the door. 
Leaning closer to it, Vivian saw what they read: I’ll be back! 
Looking at the few words made, Vivian wondered how much strength was needed for one to carve these words on the door so deeply. 
“There seems to be nothing suspicious in the ward except for the words in this corner.” Vivian circled and checked all the corners of the ward. It was clean and tidy. 
In any case, Evelyn was brought up in a decent environment. Hence, it was also reasonable for her to tidy up and clean the ward before she left. 
Nonetheless, what was unknown to Vivian was that the nurse had already cleaned the room after Evelyn left, which was why the ward was spick and span. 
Thus, it wasn’t surprising that Vivian couldn’t find anything in the ward. However, out of the blue, something occurred to Vivian. 
Earlier on, because she was afraid that Evelyn might be scheming something in the ward, she had installed a surveillance camera in Evelyn’s ward. 
Never would she have thought that the surveillance camera would come in handy to her one day. 
It looks like I’m fairly foresighted.
“Quick, get the surveillance camera down from the door. Let me take a look.” Vivian instructed Noah to take down the camera so that she could check what happened. 
Back then, in order to keep it away from being discovered by Evelyn, Vivian had specifically installed a pinhole camera. Hence, they had to take it down to see what was being captured. 
“Yes, Mrs. Norton,” Noah replied and stepped on a stool, preparing to remove it from above the door. 
“When did you install a camera here? How come I was totally clueless?” Finnick was astonished. When did Vivian even install this thing here? 
As far as Finnick was concerned, he had escorted Vivian every time she came to the hospital. But never had he seen her fixing the camera in this ward. 
“Well, it was after our divorce,” Vivian looked at Finnick and replied to him thoughtfully. 
That means, this camera was fixed after we got a divorce. Thus, I’m not required to tell you about it. 
Hering Vivian’s answers, Finnick thought what she said was true, so he didn’t ask further. 
Noah was swift, and while they were talking, he had already removed the camera and took it down. 
Vivian went to borrow a laptop from the nurse and checked what Evelyn had been doing in the ward. 
After watching the footage, they found out that the words carved on the door were indeed Evelyn’s own works. 
Furthermore, when she was whittling on the door, she wore a monstrous expression on her face, as though she was going to kill someone. But immediately after that, an ineffably gentle expression crept on her face, and it made Vivian felt as though spring had come all of a sudden.
###Chapter 788
Chapter 788 
Vivian knew all too well that it was only when Evelyn was thinking about Finnick would such an expression appear on her face. 
Therefore, Vivian turned to Finnick and shot him a glare. 
Not knowing how to react, Finnick rubbed his nose as an indication that it had nothing to do with him. 
Vivian fast-forwarded the recorded clip and saw Evelyn taking a piece of cloth in her hand, tearing up alone, and seemed to be yelling something. 
However, none of them could lip read. 
Nevertheless, judging from her intense emotions, Vivian reckoned that Evelyn must have been berating her then. 
Seeing that, Finnick felt even more awkward, but Vivian didn’t say anything, nor did she blame him. 
“Look, this was what happened on the day that Evelyn ran away.” Vivian pointed at the laptop screen and asked them to take a closer look. 
All they saw from the screen was Evelyn escaping from the ward as soon as she woke up early that morning. Even before the saline bottle attached to the back of her hand was emptied, she pulled the needle off and ran out of the ward. 
“Well, we can’t really find Evelyn anymore now,” Disheartened, Vivian looked at Finnick and said. 
Initially, she thought she had found some trails that would be able to trace Evelyn and find her back.
But then realization dawned on her that they ended up with nothing meaningful. What are we going to do now? 
Vivian wasn’t afraid of Evelyn, but once Evelyn got outside, she would cause them more trouble, and their life would be greatly affected. 
Vivian didn’t want that. All she ever wanted was to lead a peaceful and happy life. 
And that wish seemed a little difficult to be fulfilled at the moment. 
The only way out for Vivian was to look for Evelyn and keep her at a place where she could see and manage. 
“Let’s go and check the surveillance camera on the road and see where she went.” Finnick also knew very well the significance of Evelyn’s escape. 
Hence, he was of the opinion that they should go looking for her immediately since she hadn’t left for too long. 
They were left with the option of checking the surveillance cameras on the roadside in hopes of finding the routes that Evelyn had taken. 
“Alright,” Vivian answered after she turned to look at Larry, who had been watching them from the side, and then to Noah. 
“Noah, you take Larry home with you first. I’ll check the surveillance cameras with Finnick.” Vivian didn’t want Larry to follow them rushing about anymore, so she could only ask Noah to take him home. 
“Mommy, is that person very hard to find? Why is Mommy looking so troubled? I’m not leaving with Noah. I want to be with Mommy.”
To Larry’s understanding, searching for someone was a very simple task. One just had to look around oneself. 
However, as he saw the helpless and deeply concerned faces of his parents, Larry couldn’t understand why they looked so lost, so he wanted to stay and help them look for the missing person. 
“Little pumpkin, listen. Mommy has one piece of clothing missing at home which I can’t seem to find. Why don’t you help me look for it?” Vivian had to tell a white lie in order to make Larry leave. 
“Okay.” Hearing that he could actually be of help to his mommy, Larry was uplifted in an instant. 
He couldn’t wait to go back home with Noah and help Vivian look for her missing clothes. 
Noah took a glance at Finnick and was waiting to see if he would give him any instructions. 
Nevertheless, after a long while, Finnick didn’t respond. It was only when Noah turned around, preparing to leave, that he heard an utterance from Finnick. “Take care of Larry.” 
That cheered Noah up, and he quickly agreed. 
Seeing as Noah left together with Larry, Vivian and Finnick went to the nearest police station to check the footage of surveillance cameras on each of the streets. 
It was fortunate that they found out the time when Evelyn left the hospital. Hence, with that detail in hand, they only needed to target the image and appearance of Evelyn in the footage. 
Time passed with every tick of the clock, but there was no sign of Evelyn at all in such a big city. 
When Vivian and Finnick were about to give up, out of the blue, a white shadow appeared across their sight.
“Quick, look at that!” Seeing as such, Vivian was so excited that her eyes were fixated on the screen, unable to turn away. 
That figure on the screen was none other than Evelyn. Nonetheless, judging from where she was heading, there could only be one possible destination—the airport. 
It seemed like Evelyn was planning to flee her home country just to avoid Vivian. 
Thinking of that, Vivian couldn’t help but lament how silly Evelyn was.
###Chapter 789
Chapter 789 
If Evelyn had just stayed in the hospital submissively and not caused any other troubles, Vivian might have just let her go considering that her birth mother had raised her up and that she was her husband’s first love. 
However, Evelyn resorted to fleeing and continued to go against her. 
Don’t blame me for being unmerciful, Evelyn. Judging from the current situation, no matter how she fights back, I will eventually win. Evelyn has nothing left. What can she come up against me with? 
At the thought of that, Vivian felt that it didn’t matter anymore. 
Even if they went to the airport now, Evelyn might have already boarded the plane, and it would be a waste of time to head there. 
So why not just go home and take a good rest instead? We can just wait for Evelyn’s comeback. 
Thinking about that, Vivian was no longer so persistent on finding Evelyn and keeping her under surveillance. She took Finnick’s hand and walked to the car. 
“Vivian, you must be very tired. Why don’t you sleep for a while? I’ll wake you up when we reach.” Finnick knew how worn out Vivian was. 
Hence, he asked Vivian to take a nap on their journey home, and he would wake her when they reached. 
However, Finnick obviously had no idea about the fact that Vivian could no longer sleep outside after their divorce.
Only when she was lying on the bed at home could she fall asleep. 
Sleeping outside would always arouse a feeling of emptiness and insecurity within her. Hence, she refused to sleep in the car. 
“That’s okay. I’ll sleep when we arrive home.” Vivian didn’t want Finnick to know that she wasn’t able to fall asleep outside. 
He’s equally exhausted today. Therefore, Vivian didn’t want Finnick to get worked up because of her. 
“Alright.” Seeing that Vivian refused to sleep, Finnick didn’t insist either. He chatted with Vivian all the way so that it wouldn’t be too boring. 
However, after talking for some time, he sensed that Vivian appeared very distracted all the while, so he started comforting her. 
“Don’t dwell on it. Wherever Evelyn goes, I’ll be sure to capture her and bring her back. She won’t get anywhere,” said Finnick. 
“I will make her pay for it,” Finnick added. 
The reason he said that was because they used to have a harmonious and pleasant life together, but all that had turned into the current adverse situation due to Evelyn. That infuriated Finnick. 
Nonetheless, regardless of how exasperated he got, Finnick refrained from showing his incensed emotion to avoid influencing Vivian with it. He didn’t want Vivian to be as irate. 
Being angry had negative health effects. The reason he had been so composed all day long was so that Vivian would not be enraged because of his emotion. 
Seeing how dejected Vivian was at that instant, Finnick had said that in an attempt to enliven her.
To his surprise, the effect was low to non-existent. Vivian only gruffly acknowledged without saying anything else. 
Just as Finnick thought Vivian wouldn’t give any further responses, her gentle voice came from beside him. “I know that you will.” 
And unwittingly, Vivian dozed off after that. 
Half-smiling, Finnick floored on the gas pedal and sped off. 
When they finally reached home, Larry was already soundly asleep, but Vivian had woken up. 
Even Vivian herself couldn’t believe that she had fallen asleep in the car. 
It was unprecedented. Even during that night in Coast Haven, she couldn’t sleep well. 
Never did she expect herself to be so soundly asleep in Finnick’s car. 
To Vivian, it was rather unbelievable. 
“Vivian, take a nap upstairs.” Staring into her dopey eyes, Finnick felt that Vivian, who looked groggy, was enchanting. 
“Hmm? Let me wash up first.” With that, she walked toward the bathroom giddily, and after washing up for a bit, she lay on the bed. 
After a long day of running around, Vivian didn’t feel like saying anything else, so she went to bed directly and fell asleep soon after that. 
When Finnick, too, finished taking his shower and went into the room, he saw Vivian sprawled on the bed.
Smiling affectionately, Finnick shifted Vivian gently into his embrace and fell asleep with a sweet smile. 
While both Finnick and Vivian were serenely asleep, Evelyn, on the other hand, was at a restaurant in the airport. It seemed like she was eating as she was gobbling something up. 
It was as though she had not eaten anything for a long time. The way she chomped on the food looked like she was starved for many days. 
As a matter of fact, she wasn’t denied any meal on any day. It was she herself who was on a hunger strike.
###Chapter 790
Chapter 790 
“Vivian, just you wait. I’ll come back for you. We’re not done yet, and we’ll see who will laugh till the end,” Evelyn murmured to herself between bites. 
It sounded like she was a sworn enemy with Vivian. 
After finished eating, Evelyn was occupied with another scheme against Vivian in her mind as she wheeled herself into a deserted and narrow alley unwittingly. 
Just as she was about to make a turn and come out of the alley, she heard the voices of a few men. 
Their voices were filled with obscenity and lechery, which disgusted Evelyn. Those voices sounded far worse compared to that of Finnick. 
That was what Evelyn was thinking. 
But almost immediately, Evelyn became aware of the circumstances she was facing. 
Right in that instant, she was all alone in a deserted and narrow alley with several strong men standing in her way. They had come after her money or her body. 
Either way, Evelyn would have no escape. 
The money she brought with her was to be used on her plane ticket, so she couldn’t let them rob her. Meanwhile, Finnick was the only person she would ever allow to lay his hands on her body. How can I let these filthy men touch me? 
Those thoughts sent a shiver down Evelyn’s spine. At that juncture, she was just like a helpless princess waiting for her prince charming to rescue her.
The only prince charming who appeared in her mind, however, was Finnick. Therefore, her wishful thinking would never be granted. 
The only thing that might actually eventuate was the deep fear within her of the consequence she would most probably face. 
The three burly men approached Evelyn, and as they did, they were rubbing their hands as if they were ready for something great. 
The fat on their faces was squashed into a lump, looking like an old sow had stood on their face. That was how hideous these men looked. 
Nonetheless, Evelyn was in no mood to joke at the unsightly impression these men gave her. A sense of horror crept over her slowly. 
“No, please don’t.” Evelyn knew that they were after her body in that instant, and she started wheeling herself in reverse. 
Perhaps if she was farther away from them, she would feel safer. 
Unfortunately, that was nothing but merely her illusion. 
The more afraid Evelyn grew, the more sense of conquest these men tended to feel. 
Their eyes fixated on the petite figure who was retreating hurriedly. Sweat droplets slid down her face in a beautiful and perfect curve. 
The three men gulped subconsciously at that. 
They had come out to grab a drink as they were sleepless that night. Never did they expect to come across such beauty on their way.
Not only did her face look awfully stunning, but her hourglass figure was also marvelously gorgeous. They couldn’t help but fantasize about the indulgence of pinning her beneath them and pressed on her body, forcing her into submission. 
As they thought about it, they could feel their trousers getting tighter. That made the three of them even more desperate. 
Concurrently, the helpless and vulnerable expression on Evelyn’s face aroused an even more unscrupulous feeling within them. 
The men let loose of their lechery for the entire night, and it lasted until the next morning. When Evelyn woke up, traces and marks of what happened the night before were left on her body. 
“Mmm.” Evelyn tried to move but immediately, a sharp, tearing pain came from her groin. 
Looking at the clothes on her, a huge wave of mortification threatened to engulf her. What happened the night before replayed in her mind as she started recalling. 
“Young lady, you can only blame yourself for loitering around in the middle of the night. For the sake that you were still a virgin, we’ll leave you with some money to buy yourself some clothes to wear. As with the rest, we’ll take it away.” 
Listening to what they said, Evelyn fainted on the ground, and it was only until a short while ago did she regain consciousness. 
She glanced around at the cash on the floor. It’s only two to three thousand. She had initially brought up to ten thousand with her and was only left with several thousand then. 
All of a sudden, Evelyn was at a loss for what to do. She felt as though she was a stray dog, stripped of everything, and couldn’t even find the way home.
Even the most important thing that she held most dear to her heart was lost last night. 
Evelyn was drained of hope to continue her life, but when she thought about Finnick, she forced herself to stay strong. She held onto the wall as she crawled with much difficulty against it, slowly approaching the wheelchair, which had been thrown aside. Until the moment she sat on it, she was still having a wonderful dream from the bottom of her heart. 
She was thinking that Finnick would definitely forgive her and avenge her. 
At the thought of that, Evelyn regained her composure and wheeled herself to the roadside. Seeing as the street vendor wasn’t paying attention, she stole a few pieces of elderly clothing and went to the airport. 
Taking the plane ticket which she had bought in her hand, she was waiting to board the plane.
###Chapter 791
Chapter 791 
Along the way, all the passers-by couldn’t help but be distracted by this woman who was behaving very strangely. Some of the children even cast stones at her and beat her when they saw the way she looked. 
And all those rude and crude behaviors weren’t stopped by the parents. 
However, Evelyn couldn’t afford to act recklessly because she was one step from going overseas, and if she encountered any issues at this juncture, all her efforts would have gone to waste. 
Thinking about the humiliation of being gang-raped last night and the misery of being despised by even the children, Evelyn put all the blame on Vivian. 
If it wasn’t because of Vivian’s interference, I wouldn’t have ended up this way. I would have been living happily with Finnick now. It’s all because of Vivian, that worthless tr*mp. 
Evelyn’s silent cursing caused Vivian, who was still soundly asleep in Finnick’s arms, to sneeze in her sleep. 
And just as Evelyn was cursing Vivian, a piece of shocking news was aired on the huge screen at the airport—Wife of business mogul, Norton Corporation’s President returns with son! 
Seeing the news, everyone at the scene froze on the spot. 
Even though some of them might have heard it from others or read it in the newspapers, they had been keeping a flicker of hope within themselves that it wasn’t true. 
However, now that the television had broadcasted Finnick’s acknowledgment of Vivian and Larry as his wife and son respectively, they had no other reason to not believe it.
That caused an abrupt commotion at the airport. 
“Why do you think Mr. Norton got married so soon? He even has a son now!” 
“How would I know? It’s said that his son was born five years ago.” 
“Sigh. He’s my idol. How I wish he would take a look at me.” 
“What in the world?” 
Listening to the discussion among others, Evelyn was rooted to the ground. 
Finnick has a son? When did that even happen? Why don’t I know about this? Vivian has just reconciled with Finnick. It’s impossible that they have a son. 
Multiple questions emerged in Evelyn’s mind that couldn’t seem to go away. 
In fact, Evelyn knew that they had resolved their conflicts and were together again a couple of days ago. It was also the reason why she had escaped from the hospital. 
Nevertheless, she had totally no idea that they had a son. 
Finnick was holding Vivian in his embrace and taking Larry’s hand in his. On the screen, they looked truly happy together as a family. That made Evelyn so mad that she bared her teeth in exasperation. 
How could she bear Finnick’s child? What status does she have to be worthy of that? Only I am good enough for that! Go to hell! 
The channel continued to broadcast the news that the kidnapping which happened then was planned by Mr. Norton’s son in order to make his parents reconcile with one another.
Seeing as such, all the attention of the onlookers shifted from Finnick to Larry. To their amazement, Larry looked even more handsome than Finnick. 
However, they clearly didn’t expect Larry to be so smart. Many of the youthful hearts of the young girls around were melted by Larry. 
Just as a commotion was stirred up by people’s reaction toward Larry, another staggering news was reported. 
Larry would be Finnick’s successor for Norton Corporation! 
Hearing that news, everyone was holding their breath in great astonishment. It was incredible. 
That child of Finnick who suddenly emerged is actually made the successor for Norton Corporation? What happens if he has another child in the future? Also, is this child really Finnick’s biological son? If he is, then why didn’t anyone reveal such news previously? 
Those people couldn’t really fathom the discovery. Fortunately, a plane was about to take off, and many passengers were rushing to the boarding gate. Thus, very soon, the scene was restored to its usual state again. 
Evelyn knew the answers to half of the questions they were pondering. 
That child was the one she tried to make Vivian abort several times a few years back. Never would she have expected that the child wasn’t actually aborted. 
Evelyn was so incensed that her hands trembled in rage, and she had no idea how she should face these newly discovered facts at the moment. 
It was her mistake back then, but it had become a scar in her heart by then.
Vivian had given birth to Finnick’s child, and he had even become Finnick’s successor for Norton Corporation. 
Just this fact alone was difficult enough for Evelyn to compete against her. 
Nevertheless, Evelyn had come this far and turned this way. She couldn’t really get any worse. 
Damn, I’ll just take another chance. If I fail, I shall simply perish.
###Chapter 792
Chapter 792 
This was the only way for Evelyn to prove that she loved Finnick the most in this world. She would also show Vivian she would have the last laugh. 
When that day arrived, Evelyn would make sure to give her a taste of how it was like to be gang-raped. The thought of it made her break into a bone-chilling smile. 
The surrounding passengers stood far away for fear of being embroiled in a dispute with her. 
Not that any of their stares mattered. Evelyn simply could not contain her excitement knowing what was awaiting Vivian. 
The boarding call announcement interrupted her thoughts. “Dear passengers, this is the pre-boarding announcement for flight 2B to F Nation. Passengers with small children or those who require special assistance may board at gate three now. Please have your boarding pass and identification ready. We wish you a pleasant journey. Thank you.” 
It was time for her to leave although not of her own will. As her vigor from before died down, she felt her nervousness creeping back. She wheeled herself slowly to the security clearance. 
After receiving the go-ahead from security, she turned back one last time and looked at the wheel tracks she’d left behind. Tears welled up, and she forced it back in. No matter what, she did not want to cry at the place she went against Vivian. She was the winner. 
It’s not a big deal, I’m just leaving my birth country for a while. The next time I’m back, it’ll be forever. 
It was a mandatory trip for Evelyn. Only by improving herself could she amass the power to go against Vivian.
Just as she was about to board the plane, an air stewardess stopped her. “Excuse me, miss, there’s an issue with your plane ticket.” 
“What is it?” 
Because Evelyn could not afford to purchase a first-class seat, she had gotten her current ticket online at a discounted rate. Was I scammed? 
Her stomach was in knots as she waited for the air stewardess to finish discussing with her colleagues. After what felt like hours, she returned. “Miss, I’m really sorry, but your ticket is not recognized in our system. We can’t allow you to board the plane.” 
The blood drained out of her face. She was determined to leave. Staying would only mean she’d be a sitting duck for Vivian and Finnick. She hated to admit but with her current state, she stood no chance against them. 
While panicking, she fumbled for her purse. With the amount she had left, besides F Nation, the other countries within Epea were out of the topic. Her remaining choices were the visa- countries nearby. 
Evelyn eventually bought a one-way ticket to Tayhaven in Thymion. While making her way to her seat, she noticed how close they were. This was a first for her. Her pale face, the epitome of discomfort. 
Despite being in a wheelchair, no one offered to assist her. After much difficulty, she finally got in her seat while holding in the strange stench coming off from the person next to her. Regardless, she forced herself to sleep. 
Due to the high tension from the entire day, she was dead beat and fell asleep almost immediately. 
In her dreams, Evelyn was a goddess revered by everyone around her. They were all vying for an opportunity to speak to her.
The next moment, she was transported to a red carpet. Her legs had healed. She was wearing a slick black dress, exuding an air of elegance. As she walked through a large atrium, everyone turned their gaze towards her in envy. She was the highlight of the event. 
Her dream was a respite from the harsh reality. It had been a long while since she felt this confident being herself. 
Soon, the plane landed, pulling Evelyn back to reality. Once she disembarked, it dawned on her that this was her first time here all by herself. During her previous trip to Thymion, she stayed in a five-star hotel with a dedicated chauffeur. But now, there were none of these luxuries.
###Chapter 793
Chapter 793 
Right now, her immediate goal was to find a decent place to live. While wheeling herself on the streets, she was bombarded with signboards in Thymionese. 
Not knowing the language well, she could only make a guess based on the building’s exterior. Thankfully, the environment seemed pleasant enough. 
While navigating, the biggest problem for Evelyn was the language barrier. Besides Chanaease, she could only converse in English and Ferropenese. Although it was not worth mentioning, she could recognize very little Thymionese words. 
If she encountered any issues, there was almost no way for her to get through to the other party. 
Fortunately, lady luck was on her side. She met someone who spoke Chanaease. Although the man in front of her paled in comparison to Finnick, he looked decent enough to trust. 
He asked politely, “Can I help you with anything?” 
“You?” Evelyn pointed at the stranger in front of her. 
“Call me Henry. I’m the only one here who knows how to speak Chanaease.” 
If I turn him down, it’ll be hard for me to rent a house. 
With her back to the wall, Henry was her only viable option left. Besides, he seemed like an honest man. Thus, she told him her problems and how all these were caused by her shrewd enemy, Vivian. 
Evelyn’s story had him full of pity. “All right. I’ll help you find a house.” Having said that, he led her to a spare house in his own backyard.
Henry did not mind helping a fellow Chanaean. Being far from home, he could empathize with how scary it was to be alone in a foreign land. 
Meanwhile, back in Sunshine City, Vivian and Finnick were shopping for household items to give their house a makeover. 
For many years, Finnick’s house maintained the same old look. Now that Vivian was living with him, the first step was to refurbish that house so that it reflected her taste as well. Only then would it truly become a home. 
At the thought of having someone to take charge of his house, Finnick broke into a smile. To make things better, this person was his beloved wife. 
The both of them walked hand in hand, oozing with happiness. This drew the envious stares of many passers-by, of which they were blissfully oblivious about. 
Vivian and Finnick bought quite a bit of home decorations. They also hired two housemaids to take care of their home and let Larry attend the same kindergarten from before. 
While the boy was still in school, Vivian took the opportunity to spruce up his bedroom. She wanted to make the room more personable for a child of his age. 
Back in Thymion, Evelyn was also tidying up her house. She was pretty happy with it, albeit feeling embarrassed and guilty since Henry was insistent on not accepting any rent. 
When she asked for a reason, he only said that he was just doing a favor for a fellow countryman. 
Despite so, Evelyn could not accept a meal. She understood the basic principle of working for one’s needs. Thus, she insisted on paying the rent.
“You’re reduced to this state all because of that woman, Vivian. Forget about the rent. Just focus on working on yourself here. Didn’t you just tell me? You’re going to get your revenge.” With that, Henry walked suavely out of her house. 
His words made sense. Evelyn did not insist any further and watched as his back disappeared into a corner. 
I’ve nothing to lose anyway. He’s probably only nice to me because of my looks. 
Putting her thoughts aside, she wheeled herself around the fully-furnished house. All she needed to do was to empty her belongings into the closet.
###Chapter 794
Chapter 794 
It did not take long for Evelyn to unpack. Then, she needed to solve her biggest crisis. Because her money was stolen, she had no capital on her. 
Her head throbbed at the thought of having to work for a wage. A young lady from a reputable family should not have to be humiliated in this manner. 
Yet, she could not think of any other ideas. The money she had left was only enough to sustain her for a week. 
After pondering for a long time, she came to no conclusion. Nevertheless, she decided to take a look around the vicinity for potential jobs and money-making ventures. 
Evelyn got her bags and wheeled herself out of the house. Immediately after she exited, she could see many eyes staring weirdly at her. They were whispering among themselves in Thymionese, which she could not understand. 
Despite making one round on the street, nothing came to her. Instead, she decided to satisfy her growling stomach; she was famished. But the language barrier proved to be a hindrance. Eventually, she decided to head back home and seek Henry’s help. 
At home, the latter was already digging into his meal. Seeing Evelyn, he knew immediately she was hungry. He got a set of utensils and a plate for her to join him at the table. 
She was so ravaged by hunger that she forgot all her manners. Every ounce of her energy left was spent on eating. 
After that satisfactory meal, she asked him, “Do you know of any ways to make money?”
“You could work for me. I just need you to do some paperwork. I’m confident you’ll earn much more than other jobs.” Since Henry had invited her here, he did not mind helping her all the way through. 
“Are you for real?” Evelyn nodded happily. In the past, she had helped Finnick quite a bit with his work. She was confident that she would excel in this. 
This was her first genuine smile in a long while. It was so dazzling, even Henry who was accustomed to seeing all sorts of women, could not help but stare. 
In reality, Evelyn had a beautiful face, even more so than Vivian. Her fatal flaw was being overly obsessed with Finnick. Her love for him had led her astray. 
If it wasn’t for her obsession, even with her previous identity, she could have easily led a happy life. 
Yet, not everyone understood the concept of letting go. One would cast everything aside to get what they want. The harder to attain, the harder one struggled. Evelyn was a perfect example. 
Back in Sunshine City, Vivian had finished decorating the house. 
Larry, who came home from school, almost could not recognize his home. He asked chirpily, “Mommy, why did the house change?” 
“Because we need to add a few touches to transform the house into a home. Is my little pumpkin happy with the changes?” Vivian noticed as the days went by, Larry was looking more and more like Finnick. 
“I love it!” The boy jumped around excitedly. 
“Shall we go see your room?” She held his hand as they made their way up. 
Vivian opened the door slowly, creating the suspense. To her surprise, Finnick was standing inside. He intended to surprise Larry.
“Daddy!” Rather than surprise, the boy was brimming with joy. He sprinted over to hug his father. 
“Larry, did you have fun at kindergarten?” While asking, Finnick carried him into his arms. 
“I had fun. But, it’ll be more fun if Mommy and Daddy were there.” 
“That’s good. Should I give you a tour of your room?” While saying, he led his son to the center of the room. 
Both Finnick and Vivian understood that as Larry grew older, there would be more moments where they couldn’t be by his side. Due to his tender age, this was still a worry they could put off for some years. Even so, they believed their son would turn out to be a fine man.
###Chapter 795
Chapter 795 
Larry’s comment cut into their thoughts. “Wow! It’s beautiful!” 
Vivian knew her son loved Doraemon to pieces, and it was all because of her. The latter looked up to Doraemon for having the ability to cheer up his owner with his gadgets. Similarly, Larry wanted to be such a figure for his mommy. He was truly a sweet child. 
Hence, Vivian took it upon herself to decorate his room using Doraemon as the theme. This included his bedsheets and pillow casings as well. There was even a Doraemon plushie sitting right in the middle of his bed. 
Larry was over the moon with this new look. Both Vivian and Finnick felt equally happy as they watched him roll around happily on his new bedsheet. 
This was the first time the family was laughing together without a care in the world. 
Then Vivian turned to Finnick and left Larry to play on his own. She was excited to show him their bedroom. 
Finnick was completely in the dark about this. He had not been in the room even once, while Vivian was redecorating it. 
While walking, Vivian asked, “Finnick, what’s your ideal bedroom like?” 
Instead of answering her question, he cautioned, “Watch out.” 
That ended the topic. Vivian could only hold her anticipation as she struggled to imagine his reaction to the new bedroom.
Once they were at the door, Vivian covered his eyes from behind him. “Three, two, one!” She released her hands. 
Finnick was stupefied. 
Meanwhile, Vivian was giggling happily. “How’s the new look?” 
She had been observing his expression. His initial bewilderment disappeared as soon as it arrived. He was back with his usual look. 
The room was Finnick’s. Now it was covered in pink; a man’s worst nightmare. Vivian knew this. Yet, she couldn’t help but go through with her plan. 
The cheeky part of her wanted to see how he would react to this. For the majority, she did it to add some warmth to the room. 
“So, how is it?” she asked again. She could not detect anything from his expression. 
“It’s passable.” Finnick cast her a complicated smile that she found unbearably adorable. 
He noticed her staring at him. “Seen enough?” He inched his face closer to her. 
Just a few centimeters and their lips would touch, and so he did. Finnick pulled her into a passionate kiss. 
Halfway, a knock on their door interrupted them. It was Larry. “Mommy, Daddy, I’m hungry.” 
His voice surprised Vivian, causing her to pull away abruptly. It would be an absolute embarrassment for Larry to see them like this. 
Meanwhile, Finnick found her flustered expression endearing. “Embarrass?”
Hearing his taunt, her face turned beet red. This made him chuckled approvingly. 
He walked out of the room, carrying Larry downstairs with him. “Let’s go fill your tummy.”
###Chapter 796
Chapter 796 
The housemaids they hired were amazing cooks. At the very least, it was to Larry’s liking. 
“Mommy, Daddy, what were you doing in the bedroom?” 
“I was telling Mommy a story. Do you want to listen?” Seeing Larry’s face lit up, Finnick felt a pang of guilt. Despite that, he couldn’t have told him the truth. 
“I wanna know too!” The boy was confident his father would only tell the best stories. 
“All right, here goes.” As Finnick began his spontaneous story, Vivian took a spot beside Larry. 
Meanwhile, in Tayhaven, Evelyn was not having a good time. She was being harassed by Henry’s younger brother, Joshua. 
“Stop it!” she shouted at Joshua, who was getting all handsy with her. Being wheelchair-bound, she found it difficult to evade his touch. 
“What’re you making a fuss about? It’s just a light touch,” he claimed shamelessly. 
Evelyn was lost for words. Her first thought was seeking help from Henry. She assumed that as the older brother, he could restrain Joshua. 
“Don’t you dare find my brother. If you do, you’ll have to leave this place.” 
Henry and Joshua were a close-knit family. The former treasured his brother immensely. Evelyn knew it. Hence, she swallowed her words back. 
“As long as you do as I say, I’ll guarantee you’ll live a great life.” Tempted by her face, Joshua dived in for a kiss.
She was almost fully convinced by him. Right now, she needed someone to support her. Although she would’ve felt better if that someone was Henry. 
Beggars couldn’t be choosers. At the very least, Evelyn was sure that both of them were influential figures in Thymion. 
Before she could consider the possibility between Henry and her, Joshua was already all over her. 
Despite using all her energy to push him away, her efforts proved futile. There was clearly a huge difference in their strength. 
She decided to give in. It was a tactic. She knew that going against Joshua would only invite more trouble for herself. He was the type of man with a strong urge to discipline defiant women. 
Evelyn knew it best. Just a week ago, she had been in the same situation. The only difference was, back then, she tried to put up a fight. As a result, she had invited far worse treatment on herself. 
By being submissive, she might even gain more than what she needed. Especially money. 
Henry doted on Joshua best. As long as the latter asked for money, he would be sure to give. 
Basing on that assumption, Evelyn was determined to serve Joshua well and use him to amass more wealth. This was the only way for her to return home and go against Vivian. 
She distracted herself with happy thoughts while Joshua had his way with her. 
We’re both getting what we want. 
Thinking of this as a transaction, Evelyn felt slightly enlightened.
The next morning, she felt sore from Joshua’s play the entire night. But this temporary suffering was nothing compared to the future she envisioned with Finnick. 
Feeling her rustle, Joshua woke up. “Morning,” he greeted her chirpily.
###Chapter 797
Chapter 797 
“Morning, Joshua.” Evelyn needed more money, so she could only suck up to Joshua and shamelessly cling to him like she was his woman. 
Only then could she achieve her ultimate goal. 
“Mm.” Joshua felt slightly irritated by Evelyn’s intimate way of calling him. 
Despite that, he responded to her greeting. 
“We should get up now.” Joshua rolled out of bed for fear that his brother might find out that he had slept with Evelyn. If that happened, he would never hear the end of it. 
To his consternation, his fears came true. 
Just when Evelyn was about to insist on staying, Henry’s voice reached her ears. 
“Please, don’t trouble yourself with getting up. You had the guts to do this, yet, you’re too scared to let me know about it?” Henry barged into the room and glared at his younger brother. 
“Henry.” Joshua was nonplussed as to how his brother found out about his shenanigans during the previous night. 
Although he was curious, the most important thing at the moment was to disassociate himself from the matter altogether. 
“It wasn’t me, Henry. She was the one who seduced me.” All of Joshua’s pocket money was given by Henry, and the former would be left with nothing if his brother decided to cut him off. 
Hence, worried that Henry would get mad, he blamed everything on Evelyn instead.
But Evelyn was no pushover; she would never stand by and allow Joshua to slander her like this. 
“No, Henry. I didn’t seduce him,” Evelyn contradicted. 
Unfortunately, she failed to remember her place and the familial relationship between these two men. 
Henry would never smear his brother’s reputation for the sake of an outsider. 
Thus, he wrote Evelyn a cheque and told her to leave, but not before warning her against disclosing this incident. 
Otherwise, he would make sure she couldn’t continue staying in Thymion. 
Powerless against his threat, Evelyn took the cheque and wheeled herself out in a defeated manner. 
At present, she didn’t have a penny on her. If she didn’t accept the cheque, she wouldn’t be able to survive in the days to follow. 
The humiliation she suffered right then was for a future filled with riches. 
All in all, it was better than watching Vivian show off her perfect life in the future. 
With that thought fueling her, Evelyn packed her suitcase and left the place she had stayed for only a week. 
Out on the streets, Evelyn was surrounded by Thymions and unfamiliar faces. All of a sudden, she felt the urge to cry in her wheelchair. 
She was engulfed by a wave of homesickness. Back in her hometown, no place felt foreign to her, whether or not she had been there. 
But since coming to Thymion, she felt as though she was going to lose her way at any moment.
She did not have a single friend in here, so no one could relate to how helpless she felt. 
Her heart was in pain and there was no other way to describe her feelings. 
She thought of returning to the city she knew like the back of her hand, but she dismissed that thought when looked down at her clothes. 
They were the same ones she wore when she first came here. She did not have the confidence to show up in front of Vivian with a bare face and a shabby appearance. 
Moreover, she did not have much money. Buying cosmetics would cost her a few months’ worths of daily expenses. 
“Miss, would you like to come inside and have a look?” Just when Evelyn was caught in a bind, she heard a voice calling out to her in her mother tongue. 
Evelyn raised her head and glanced at the sign which read “Intoxicated”. 
The classical sign was a refreshing sight and the alphabets on it seemed to send a tingling sensation through her body. 
Soon, she found herself nodding, expressing her willingness to go in. 
Ironically, she didn’t even know what place this was, only that there was a voice in her head that kept whispering for her to go in. 
As though in a trance, Evelyn allowed the woman to push her into the place, who then called over a few girls with light makeup on their faces. 
The fragrance of cosmetics drifted into Evelyn’s nostrils, which she found solace in.
“Listen up, everyone. This is a newcomer. Who would like to get her acquainted?” The woman swept her gaze over the girls, planning to let one of them show Evelyn around.
###Chapter 798
Chapter 798 
After a few seconds, it seemed like no one was willing to bring this random stranger around. They felt that Evelyn could become a potential hindrance to them in the future because even though she was in a wheelchair, her beauty outshined theirs. Women were jealous of those prettier than them; it just couldn’t be helped. 
“Look at the lot of you. Are you all really that lazy?” chided the woman. In the end, she decided to personally tour Evelyn around. 
The group of girls cast one last glance at Evelyn before going back to work. 
Evelyn soon got to know that this was a restaurant specially for customers from powerful backgrounds to entertain their guests. 
But there was no open area here, only private rooms. The money the customers paid determined how pretty the servers assigned to them were. 
Of course, if the restaurant wished to surpass those dishonest establishments, merely serving food wasn’t going to cut it. 
Evelyn did not intend to stay here any longer, but once she entered this place, there was no turning back. 
Just like that, she was stuck in this restaurant. 
But on second thought, she did not find it so bad. If she was lucky, she could rub elbows with some wealthy and influential figures. 
Most importantly, both the restaurant owner and customers spoke her mother tongue.
Evelyn did not care about anything else as long as she had enough money and food. 
What delighted her the most was that she could use the cosmetics as she pleased. After she was informed about this, she happily went through the products and applied them to her face which had stayed bare for too long. 
After she was done with her makeup, she came out in her wheelchair and enthralled all the other girls with her beauty. 
Even though she was wheelchair-bound, it did nothing to diminish her charm. In fact, she was the most alluring one among them all, and of course, the most expensive one as well. Customers had to pay a lump sum of money if they wanted Evelyn to personally serve them the food. 
A wheelchair-bound beauty serving food had become Intoxicated’s specialty. 
After three months, Evelyn was crowned Top Server in Intoxicated. 
Very soon, she established a foothold here. Some customers even offered her a high price to visit their homes for a chat. 
Evelyn had her own plans. 
The first step she planned to take was to heal her legs. 
Although her legs were previously said to be untreatable, recently, she realized that she was gradually regaining sensation in both legs. 
When she visited the hospital, the doctor declared that a full recovery for her legs was possible. 
She never thought that in the midst of her despair, a sliver of hope would abruptly appear.
But the doctor also told her that for her legs to recover, the medical fees would come up to at least half a million. 
If it was in the past, half a million would be but a drop in a bucket. However, that amount currently seemed like an entire ocean to her. 
Hence, she needed to earn more money to heal her legs and make a grand comeback. 
… 
Meanwhile, Vivian seemed to be in a jolly mood every day ever since moving in with Finnick. 
Apart from going to work at the magazine company every day, she tidied up the house whenever she was and also played with Larry. 
She was living a care life. Still, her thoughts would occasionally stray to Evelyn, wondering where she was and how she was doing. 
Even so, those were random thoughts. After all, she wasn’t really all that interested in knowing where Evelyn was at that moment. 
Sometimes, she wondered if Evelyn ever left the country at all, but these were only harmless thoughts that emerged when she was too idle. 
At times when her mind wandered too far, she would stop thinking about it altogether. There was no point in wondering about Evelyn, after all, so there was no reason to waste her time. 
After Vivian came to terms with this, she rarely thought about Evelyn again. 
“Vivian, what are you doing?” It was already evening, but Finnick had only just gotten home from work.
Standing beside Vivian, he watched her use her finger to draw patterns on the water in the pond. 
Wondering what was on her mind, Finnick hugged her from behind and buried his face into the crook of her neck to breathe in her pleasant scent. 
Vivian’s neck felt slightly ticklish, but she allowed him to have his way. 
“Nothing. I’m just bored.” Vivian’s gaze remained fixed on the pond even as she answered Finnick.
###Chapter 799
Chapter 799 
“Oh? Bored? Then let’s do something fun, hmm?” Finnick whispered huskily before nibbling on her earlobe. 
Vivian’s body trembled slightly from his tantalizing actions, but she remembered that they were currently out in the open and not in their room. 
Hence, rationality prompted her to push him away, but of course, Finnick remained undeterred. 
The air grew thick with sexual tension and things started to escalate between them, but when an innocent voice reached their ears, the spell was broken. 
“Mommy, Daddy, are you going to give me a little brother?” Larry just came home from school and heard the housemaid say that his parents were here. Hence, he came looking for them. 
What greeted him was the sight of his parents being intimate with each other. His curiosity was piqued and he couldn’t help but wonder if they were about to give him a little brother or little sister. 
The boy deemed that there was no other reasonable explanation besides this. 
When Larry’s innocent voice broke through the haze of desire cloaking him and Vivian, there was a split second where Finnick had the impulse to throw him out of the house. 
However, reason told him that this was his son and he couldn’t do that. In the end, he sighed in defeat. 
Just as the three of them were caught in an awkward moment, they heard the housemaid’s footsteps approaching along with the sound of the phone ringing.
“Mr. and Mrs. Norton,” she addressed them both, then directed her next words at Finnick, “It’s your grandfather, sir.” After informing him about the caller, she spun on her heels and left, giving them privacy. 
Vivian was pleased with the housemaid’s polite manners and felt that her decision in choosing her was the right one. 
She gave herself a mental pat on the back for being a good judge of character. 
Suddenly recalling that it was her grandfather-in-law on the line, she turned her attention to Finnick, trying to make sense of their conversation. 
However, the call was ended before she could make head or tail. 
Vivian studied Finnick’s expression, trying to figure out his thoughts. 
Regrettably, he was impossible to interpret most of the time. Hence, Vivian couldn’t tell what was running through his mind and finally gave up. 
“What’s wrong?” She thought she might as well ask him directly. 
“Grandpa wants us to go home for a meal.” 
Grandpa probably knows that we’ve reconciled. That’s why he asked us to go home. 
Vivian didn’t find anything odd about it, so she didn’t comment further. 
But when she thought about meeting her grandfather-in-law, she couldn’t help but feel nervous. It was as though she was transported back to the first time she met him as the ugly granddaughter-in-law. 
Despite being a bundle of nerves, all the things she experienced in life had strengthened her as a person. Hence, at present, she could remain calm and composed even under pressure.
“When are we going, then?” Vivian needed to mentally prepare herself and also buy an attire suited for the occasion. 
“Tomorrow noon,” Finnick stated the agreed time. 
Seeing his grandfather wasn’t a big deal to Finnick, but every time they were going to meet him, Vivian would dawdle for some reason. 
But when he thought more about it, he realized that perhaps meeting the elders projected an insurmountable pressure on her. 
That must be it. 
“Mommy, Daddy, who are you going to meet?” Larry, who was still standing beside them, knew that they were going to see an important person. 
“We’re going to meet your great-grandpa and you’re coming with us, little pumpkin,” Vivian explained and stroked Larry’s head lovingly. 
Larry had never met his great-grandfather since he was born. Hence, this was a good opportunity to let Samuel meet his great-grandson. 
“Great-grandpa? Okay.” Larry instantly perked up with excitement when he was told he had a great- grandfather. 
Larry craved for family affection. I used to only have Mommy and Uncle Benedict, but now, I have a daddy and a great-grandpa too! 
This news placed Larry in high spirits, but there was still one more question gnawing at his mind. 
What were Mommy and Daddy doing just now?
Although he was curious, he did not vocalize it because he could clearly remember his father’s grim expression when he asked the question earlier. 
Thus, Larry could only swallow back the words on the tip of his tongue and keep his lips sealed. 
“Come. Let’s have dinner.” 
Having just come home from school, Larry was probably hungry. Coincidently, their housemaids had just finished preparing dinner.
###Chapter 800
Chapter 800 
Dinner that night was a quiet one. Finnick was thinking about his unfinished business from earlier. 
Vivian was mulling over lunch with Samuel the next day. 
Larry was recalling what he learned in school that day and all the events that had happened. 
As they were lost in their own thoughts, it wasn’t all that strange that the dining table was quiet. 
After dinner, the family of three sat together in the living room to watch TV before returning to their rooms to call it a night. 
Just when Finnick was going to pick up where he left off, Larry knocked on their bedroom door. 
Sighing helplessly, he rolled off the bed to open the door. 
“Goodnight, Mommy, and Daddy.” Larry turned and left after bidding them goodnight. 
Not just Finnick, but even Vivian was flummoxed. What’s wrong with little pumpkin? Why did he come here just to say goodnight and then leave? 
Unknown to them, Larry’s teacher from school was the reason behind his odd behavior. His teacher taught them to say goodnight to their parents before going to bed at night because that would make them very happy. 
Hence, Larry decided to test the theory out that night. 
However, what he received in return wasn’t his parents’ smiling faces. Instead, he could vaguely sense their exasperation.
Did I get it wrong, or did the teacher teach us the wrong stuff? Larry honestly had no idea and could only ask his teacher in school the next day. 
Due to Larry’s interruption, the flames of desire in Finnick were extinguished, so he took Vivian into his arms and decided to sleep. 
“Goodnight, Honey.” Finnick planted a chaste kiss on Vivian’s cheek before closing his eyes. 
Meanwhile, the corners of Vivian’s lips rose slightly because of this rather comical scene. 
Before long, sleep came over her. 
The next morning, Vivian called Finnick who was at work, telling him that she wanted to shop for appropriate attire. 
After all, she needed to be in her best looks when meeting her grandfather-in-law for the very first time; it was a sign of respect too. 
In recent years, she rarely went shopping because she was in a bad place. 
She would either randomly buy clothes from street shops and make do with them or get Benedict to help her buy all of the new clothes of whatever season they were in. 
Then, she would rotate between all of the clothes she had, not caring if she liked them or not. 
Other girls would usually pamper themselves and go on shopping sprees after a bad breakup because they saw that as the only way to do right by themselves, but Vivian did not have any desire to go shopping. All she wanted to do was stay home and look after Larry. 
Watching Larry grow up day by day gave Vivian’s life some meaning and also constantly reminded her that at least she had a son.
Of course, these were all in the past. Hence, there was no reason for her to dwell on them. 
Finnick drove Vivian to the largest local shopping mall. After parking the car in the basement parking lot, he held Vivian’s hand and walked into the mall together. 
Meanwhile, Noah was watching over Larry at home and was tasked with sending him to school later on. 
After all, Noah had been with them for a long time, so they felt more at ease leaving Larry in his hands. 
Vivian’s head spun when she saw all the clothes in the mall. 
Fashion was a mystery to her. In the past, due to her poor and unassuming life, she did not develop a good fashion sense. 
Hence, she was in a bit of a conundrum upon seeing the wide variety of clothes in the mall. 
Fortunately, Finnick made up for where she lacked. 
He brought her directly to the third floor. 
The first floor was usually for the lesser well-off with a monthly salary below ten thousand. The second floor was for those from wealthier families who could afford to buy clothes that cost a fortune. 
The third floor was the most luxurious place in the entire mall, and people without a certain social and financial standing were not allowed to enter. 
Finnick stepped forward and showed his name card. 
When the lady working the front desk saw it, she immediately led the two of them in and offered personalized customer service.
Many women on the second floor grew envious when they saw that. 
“Look. I wonder who they are. How did they get in?” 
“I don’t know either. This is the first time I’ve seen someone go up to the third floor.” 
“That woman is so lucky. I don’t see anything special about her though.”

###Chapter 801
Chapter 801 
Several girls on the second floor gathered around to discuss this topic. Fortunately for them, Finnick was out of earshot. 
Otherwise, he would make them pay simply for badmouthing his wife. 
“Vivian, try this one.” While she was still staring at the beautiful clothes laid out before her in a daze, Finnick expertly picked one for her. 
It was an all-black dress. 
The waist area was speckled with diamonds, making the dress look intense yet feminine. 
It was so glamourous that Vivian didn’t have the confidence to pull it off. 
But noticing the expectant look on Finnick’s face, she still went into the fitting room to try it on. 
The moment Vivian emerged, the particles in the air seemed to come to a standstill. 
Seeing the stunned look on Finnick’s face, Vivian thought it was like before when he either found her ugly or pretty. 
Hence, she stood in front of him and let him study her closely. 
Right then, the salesperson coughed meaningfully and whispered something into Vivian’s ear. 
Vivian’s face instantly flushed a beetroot red and she hastily went back to the fitting room. 
It turned out that her bra straps were exposed due to her carelessness. That was what caused them to wear those looks on their faces.
When she thought about how she even walked up to present herself to Finnick, she smacked her forehead, feeling utterly stupid. It would remain one of the many embarrassing things she had done in her life. 
However, she couldn’t change what happened, so she adjusted her straps, sucked it up, and went out again. 
Vivian checked herself in the mirror first, making sure there were no more issues before walking toward Finnick. “How do I look?” 
Of course, Finnick trusted his own taste, but he noticed that the dress was a tad too revealing because the size he had chosen for her was a little too tight for her busty figure. 
“Get one size bigger,” Finnick ordered the salesperson, who immediately did as she was told. 
Vivian swiftly changed into the dress and walked out again. This time, everyone wore looks of approval. 
Finnick felt that this dress suited Vivian the most. Even the salesperson looked at Vivian with awe and couldn’t help but admire her for having such a fashion-savvy husband. 
Finnick gazed at Vivian for a while. Feeling that something was still missing, he went to the jewelry section and selected a necklace for her. 
A ruby diamond necklace with a unique design caught his attention and he put it on for Vivian. 
The necklace instantly elevated Vivian’s value and she looked like a princess coming out of the palace to pay her subjects a visit. 
She was gorgeous beyond comparison, but she was still missing a pair of shoes to match.
Finnick squinted his eyes in thought. Since her dress is black, we can go with a pair of white shoes then. You can never go wrong with a classic black and white combination. 
No one will have anything bad to say about it either. 
Since we’re visiting Grandpa, her heels don’t need to be too high. With that thought in mind, Finnick picked a pair of low-heeled shoes and asked Vivian to try them on. 
She looked perfect in the slim-fitting dress and a pair of moderately high heels which accentuated her long, slender legs. 
The salesperson stared at the combination of clothes with stars in her eyes and swore that if she had enough money someday, she would wear the same outfit combination. 
Even though she wouldn’t look as good as Vivian, no matter what, she needed to learn this style of outfit mash-up. 
Otherwise, she wouldn’t be able to live up to her position as a salesperson. 
At the thought of this, she was certain that Finnick would definitely buy the whole outfit and mentally calculated the hefty commission she would receive from this. 
Despite her excitement, she reminded herself that she was a professional and had to stay calm to maintain her image as an exemplary salesperson. 
“How’s everything, miss? Is there anything else you’d like to see?” The salesperson was secretly hoping that Vivian would say yes. That way, she could earn even more commission. 
“Do you see anything you like?” Finnick looked at Vivian with a gentle gaze. 
Never one to buy unnecessarily, Vivian shook her head in response.
“That will be all. I’ll pay by card.” Finnick handed a card to the salesperson, then glanced at Vivian.
###Chapter 802
Chapter 802 
Vivian noticed Finnick staring at her and thought that there was something on her face. After touching her cheeks and finding nothing unusual, she asked him with confusion, “What is it?” 
“I was just thinking how beautiful my wife looked in that dress,” Finnick leaned closer and whispered against her ear. 
Vivian’s blushed prettily at that. 
Lucky for her, the salesperson was a quick worker and they left the place soon after. Otherwise, Finnick would probably have said even more indecent things. 
Seeing as there were two more hours until noon, Vivian proposed to pick Larry up from school, then head to Samuel’s house. 
Finnick readily agreed with her arrangement and drove straight to Larry’s school. 
Larry attended an elite school. Each class had very few students and Vivian found comfort in that. 
After all, schools were where many children changed, for better or for worse. 
Even though schools nurtured many talented individuals, they could also lead them astray. 
Many students developed bad behavior after starting school because of mixing with the wrong crowd. 
Over time, those children would venture down a path of no return. 
Hence, the fewer students in a class, the better it would be for their future development.
“Vivian, what do you think Larry’s doing now?” Finnick had been wondering what his son was doing in school since he drove out of the mall’s parking lot. 
When he drew a blank, he decided to ask Vivian instead, thinking he might as well strike up a conversation as he was bored from driving. 
“Hmm, I guess he’s having his lesson in class.” 
Vivian regarded school as a place of knowledge. Even if it was only a kindergarten, she believed that it was only natural that the teachers taught the students vocabulary, grammar, and everything along those lines. 
“Hmm, probably.” Vivian’s answer was within Finnick’s expectations. 
“We should wait until their class is over or we might disturb the other kids.” 
Vivian was worried that their abrupt arrival would interrupt the students’ class and end up distracting them. 
Later on, she realized that she was overthinking things. 
When they both arrived at Larry’s school, the class wasn’t over yet. Hence, they went to the viewing room for parents and watched Larry through a transparent screen. 
All of Larry’s classmates were playing, but Larry was seated alone at his desk while drawing something that she couldn’t make out. 
What surprised her was the large group of girls surrounding Larry. 
Upon closer inspection, she found that there were only ten boys and ten girls in his class.
There were nine girls around Larry, while the tenth girl was crying by the side because there wasn’t any space left for her to get close to him. 
Vivian was stupefied when she saw this scene. 
She was aware that her son was more handsome than most boys, but she never expected the actual situation to be this serious. 
“Look at all his admirers. Like father, like son.” Exasperated, Vivian shot Finnick a sidelong glance. 
Just like Larry, women flocked to Finnick. Even though they couldn’t speak to them, being close to them was more than enough. 
Finnick and Larry were very similar in this aspect. 
Finnick’s lips curved into a devilish smirk and he asked in a deep voice, “Honey, are you jealous?” 
“No, I’m not.” Vivian gave him a dirty look, then shifted her gaze back to Larry. 
As if sensing someone’s eyes on him, Larry searched for the source of it and was surprised to see his mother. 
Vivian waved at him and he broke into a wide smile. 
As this was their first time seeing Larry smile, the girls around him bounced happily on their feet. 
Vivian was at a loss. Those little girls are already swooning over a boy at their age. What’s going to happen when they grow up? 
And what about my little pumpkin? He’s already so well-liked at his age, what’s going to happen when he grows up?
Vivian was conflicted, wanting to find a way to get rid of Larry’s girl magnet trait, but even after racking her brain for a long time, she still came up blank.
###Chapter 803
Chapter 803 
As if reading her mind, Finnick said, “I have an idea.” Vivian’s eyes lit up, but quickly dimmed when she heard his next words. 
“Find Larry a wife. All problems will be solved then.” Finnick himself was living proof that it was an effective plan. 
Hence, he proposed it to Vivian without much thought. 
Vivian felt the urge to give him a good beating for suggesting something like this. 
Larry’s only a child, for goodness sake. Find him a wife? He’s teasing me, right? 
Just when Vivian wanted to voice her complaints, Larry emerged from the classroom. 
He threw himself into Vivian’s arms and held Finnick’s hand. The smile on his face was especially bright. 
“Mommy, Daddy, what are you doing here?” Larry tilted his head in confusion. Noah’s usually the one who picks me up. How come it’s Mommy and Daddy today? 
And it’s only lunchtime now. We aren’t allowed to go home before class is over. 
“Did you forget? We’re going to your great-grandpa’s house today,” Vivian cooed and reached out to stroke his hair with a soft smile, glowing with maternal love. 
“Oh, I almost forgot about that.” Larry scratched his head with a sheepish smile. 
“Hey, look! Are they Larry’s parents?”
“I don’t know.” 
“His daddy is so handsome. And his mommy is so pretty too!” 
Afraid to approach the family of three, the group of children could only discuss from afar. Despite the distance, Vivian and Finnick still caught their words. 
As the children studied the good-looking couple, they couldn’t help but feel envious. 
At the same time, they began to complain about their own parents not being as attractive. 
“Maybe this is fate,” came a girl’s clear and loud voice. 
Vivian was tickled pink by her words and a laugh escaped her lips. 
This child sounds mature for her age. And she even believes in fate? 
Vivian directed her gaze toward the source of the voice. 
She didn’t see this girl in Larry’s classroom earlier, which meant that she wasn’t Larry’s classmate, but Vivian noticed how pretty she was. 
The girl noticed Vivian’s gaze on her, so she stepped forward and greeted, “Good morning, sir, ma’am.” 
“Good morning.” Vivian offered the girl a smile while Finnick only nodded in response. 
He wasn’t interested in communicating with children. Of course, Larry was the only exception. 
“Ma’am, are you here to pick Larry up?” the little girl asked. 
“That’s right.”
“You must have somewhere to be. I won’t hold you up, then. Have a safe drive,” the girl said sensibly. Her mature personality resembled Larry’s in a way. 
“Alright. Goodbye now.” 
With that, Vivian led Larry and Finnick away. After getting into the car, she asked Larry about the girl out of curiosity. 
The girl was a student in the class next door to Larry’s. Her name was Joey Neville and she came from an impressive family background as well. 
That was why she was so mature for her age. 
Vivian also got to know from Larry that Joey’s family had a unique upbringing and was very religious. 
That was why she had said those surprising words earlier. 
“How do you know about all this, little pumpkin?” Vivian found it strange. Children don’t really go around talking about these things, do they? So how does Larry know? 
“From my own observations, of course.” Larry gave her a look that seemed to say that she had just asked a stupid question. 
Vivian looked at Larry with fond exasperation, not knowing how to respond. 
It’s probably better if kids weren’t that smart. Look at how he’s starting to insult my IQ level. 
Finnick chuckled lowly but did not come to Vivian’s aid. 
“Little pumpkin, I saw a lot of girls crowding around you in class. What are your thoughts on this?”
Vivian felt that she had to address this problem as soon as possible, lest her son started dating too early in his years. 
“Nothing. They said they like me, so I guess that’s why they’re always by my side.” It was as simple as that to Larry and he didn’t see anything wrong with them staying by his side. 
Hearing Larry’s innocent answer, Vivian did not know how to proceed, so she looked to Finnick for help.
###Chapter 804
Chapter 804 
Vivian hoped that Finnick could say a few educational words to Larry. 
“Larry, did you know? When a boy plays too much with a girl, he’ll start acting like her too. As in, he might not grow up to be a real man.” 
Finnick looked at Larry with a solemn expression. Indeed, what he said wasn’t wrong. Some boys who played too much with girls ended up become slightly feminine. 
However, the main reason Finnick had said that was to warn Larry away from those girls. 
“But I didn’t go looking for them. They were the ones who came to me.” Larry gazed at his father with an aggrieved look after hearing what he said. 
Daddy has misunderstood me. 
Larry cared about his mother the most. If he didn’t grow up to be a real man, he wouldn’t be able to protect her. 
Hence, he was slightly disheartened. 
“Alright, we’ll take it as a misunderstanding on your daddy’s part. Since you didn’t go looking for them, then you shouldn’t play too much with them either, okay?” Vivian chimed in. 
She knew that it wasn’t very appropriate to forbid her son from playing with those girls, but it was better than allowing him to go down the wrong path and getting into a relationship at such a young age. 
“I’ve never talked to them.”
Larry was speaking the truth. Indeed, he ignored those girls on a frequent basis. Moreover, although those girls approached him, they never spoke to him. 
In fact, they were afraid to do so because of his impassive expression. 
“Mm. Be a good boy in school, okay, little pumpkin?” Vivian didn’t think she needed to say anymore. 
“Okay,” Larry answered her very quickly. 
Vivian felt at ease because she knew her son would be a good boy without her needing to tell him. 
Finnick’s mouth arched into a smile while listening to their conversation. 
Because Larry’s school was quite far from the Norton residence, the car ride was rather long. 
By the time they arrived, it was already half-past eleven. 
Vivian carried Larry down the car and spotted someone waiting for them at the door. 
“Mr. and Mrs. Norton.” The housemaid had been waiting here for a long time. 
Because she didn’t know who the little boy between them was, she didn’t address him. 
“Mm. Where’s Grandpa?” Finnick queried. 
“He’s inside,” the housemaid replied and showed them the way. 
The Norton residence was huge. As soon as they entered the house, Vivian found that it gave off a completely different vibe from their own house. 
Their house was warm and cozy, while the Norton residence was somber and intense. 
This was probably the difference in taste between the younger and older generation.
As Vivian speculated in silence, she scanned her surroundings at the same time, but there was no sign of her grandfather-in-law. 
“Where’s Grandpa?” Vivian cast a questioning gaze at Finnick. 
Unlike Finnick, she wasn’t very familiar with Samuel’s habits and daily routines. 
“He’s in the garden.” Then, he tugged Vivian toward the garden with confidence. 
There were only three places his grandfather could be at home – the study, his bedroom, or the garden. 
At this hour, the chances that he was in the garden were the highest. 
Hence, Finnick made a beeline toward the garden. 
Once there, he immediately caught sight of his grandfather sitting on the rocking chair. 
At seventy years old, Samuel had a head of white hair and prominent wrinkles around his eyes. 
His eyes were closed as he took a nap and no one dared to disturb him when he was submerged in his own world. 
This place had become his personal paradise for him to live out the days of his care life. 
“You’re here.” Just when Vivian wanted to continue surveying the place, Samuel’s voice pierced through the silence. 
“Mm,” Finnick responded curtly. 
“Grandpa,” Vivian greeted him respectfully, then nudged Larry. “Quick. Say hi to your great-grandpa.”
Samuel’s eyes widened in surprise at Vivian’s words. Since when did I have a great-grandson? Why didn’t I know anything about this? 
He glanced at Finnick, as though asking for an explanation. 
“Great-grandpa,” Larry called out with a broad grin, instantly taking a liking to this kind-looking elderly man. 
Samuel hummed in approval, developing a fondness for this great-grandson at first glance.
###Chapter 805
Chapter 805 
Then, he aimed an accusatory glance at Finnick. 
It’s bad enough that they didn’t tell me they reconciled. They didn’t even tell me they have a son who’s already this old! 
Samuel’s stern gaze made Finnick slightly uneasy. 
Clearing his throat, he explained, “Grandpa, I was going to tell you, but I wanted to wait until things were more stable.” 
Finnick gauged his grandfather’s reaction, hoping that this reason would appease him. 
But Samuel never planned to hold him accountable for this in the first place. Seeing as Finnick rarely came home, he didn’t want to kick up a fuss. 
In spite of that, he still harrumphed loudly in displeasure. 
“Don’t be mad, Great-grandpa. Daddy didn’t mean it.” Larry went up to Samuel and tugged on the hem of his shirt, hoping to ease his anger. 
“Haha. Alright, alright.” Samuel happily obliged, his beard quivering slightly as he chuckled. 
Everyone sighed inaudibly when they saw Samuel in good spirits, especially the two adults. 
Nothing was more important than making sure Samuel was happy. 
No longer angry, Samuel asked them to head to the dining room for lunch.
It had been a long time since the whole family had a meal together, so Samuel ordered the housemaid to prepare an especially big feast. 
The housemaid knew that Finnick and Vivian rarely came home, so she made sure to give it her best. 
Samuel didn’t know about Vivian’s preferences, so to play it safe, he instructed the housemaid to prepare a little bit of everything. 
As a result, the table was filled with a wide variety of food, and Vivian was humbled at the sight of it. 
“Grandpa, you didn’t have to prepare so much food. I’m not a picky eater.” Vivian was worried that she would receive the same grand reception the next time they visited because it would put a lot of pressure on her. 
“Alright. Let’s enjoy a scrumptious meal just this once. I’ll make it simple the next time.” Samuel, of course, understood Vivian’s concerns. 
He didn’t see the need to place unnecessary pressure on the younger generation, so he agreed to Vivian’s request. 
Vivian nodded gratefully at Samuel and realized that he wasn’t very difficult to get along with. She could tell that he was more understanding and open-minded than most people his age. 
This revelation made her relax considerably and the tension from before instantly left her body. 
“Mommy, I want to eat that one.” Because there were too many dishes and the table was exceptionally large, Larry couldn’t reach many of the dishes with his short hands and could only turn to his mother for help. 
Vivian glanced at the dish Larry was pointing at and noticed that it was a bit far from her as well.
She would need to stand up to reach it, which would seem rather impolite. 
While she was caught in a dilemma, a hand reached out to place some of the dishes onto Larry’s plate. 
Vivian shot a grateful look at Finnick and the latter gave her a wink, indicating that he was more than happy to help. 
Upon realizing that Samuel had probably witnessed their entire interaction, she blushed slightly. 
“Hahaha. Finnick, you cheeky brat. Since you’re both back together now, you’ll have to make the most of it.” Samuel had always favored Vivian, so he was thrilled that they were back together. 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have called them over for lunch. 
“Don’t worry, Grandpa. We will,” replied Finnick as he gazed intently at Vivian. 
His words seemed like they were for his grandfather when in fact, they were also meant for Vivian. 
“Vivian, if Finnick does anything wrong by you, you come straight to me and I’ll teach him a lesson for you.” 
Samuel didn’t look like he was joking at all. 
“Yes, Grandpa,” Vivian responded with a smile, but didn’t say anything else. 
The Nortons paid great attention to table manners, so everyone bowed their heads and ate in silence, finishing their meal very quickly. 
Samuel talked to Finnick and Vivian, while Larry sat idly on the sofa, only occasionally joining in the conversation.
“Vivian, your son is already five years old. Are you planning to give him a little sister any time soon?”
###Chapter 806
Chapter 806 
Samuel himself preferred girls over boys, but he never had the luck of having a daughter. Hence, he could only rely on Vivian to bear him a granddaughter. 
However, Vivian stiffened at the mention of having another child. 
We’ve only just gotten back together. Should we really have another child so soon? 
She knew she couldn’t be so blunt with an elder, so she hoped to relay her message subtly. “Grandpa, it hasn’t been long since I returned. I think it’s best to wait until we get accustomed to things before talking about having more kids.” 
She carefully observed Samuel’s expression, but instead of discontent, she only saw an understanding gleam in his eyes. 
“That’s a good idea too. Let’s give Larry and Finnick more time to bond.” 
Larry had been deprived of fatherly love since young. If they had another child so soon, it wouldn’t be beneficial for him. 
After chatting for a little longer, they decided to leave. 
“It’s getting late, Grandpa. We’ll be taking our leave now.” Finnick glanced at Samuel, waiting for his reply. 
Knowing what was on their minds, Samuel said nothing and nodded to signal that they could leave. 
“Bye, Grandpa.” Vivian nodded courteously to Samuel. 
“Bye, Great-grandpa,” Larry politely bid Samuel goodbye.
A smile spread across Samuel’s face in response. 
He was growing fonder of Larry by the second. Since the same blood ran through their veins, it wasn’t odd that Larry looked very similar to Finnick when he was young, but what made Larry so likeable was his good manners. 
After bidding farewell to Samuel, they decided to go out for a stroll instead of heading home right away. 
Finnick called Noah to take Larry home. 
Larry was initially reluctant to part ways with them, but when he thought about his parents wanting to spend quality time together, he realized that it wasn’t appropriate for him to tag along. Hence, he begrudgingly followed Noah home. 
After they left, Vivian kept thinking about what Samuel said just now. 
She did plan to have two children: a boy and a girl. 
But now’s not the right time to have another baby. I’ll just wait and see how things turn out first. 
“What are you thinking of?” Finnick waved his hand in front of Vivian’s face for quite some time before she snapped out of her daze. 
“What’s wrong?” Vivian blinked at Finnick in confusion, thinking that he had something important to say. 
“Nothing. I called you so many times, but you ignored me.” Finnick feigned hurt, putting on a pitiful look on his face. 
Vivian rolled her eyes at him playfully and started walking, leaving Finnick behind. 
Finnick watched in disbelief as she swiveled on her heels and walked away without once looking back. Then, he regained his senses and quickly caught up to her.
“Vivian, what are your thoughts on Grandpa’s suggestion to have a daughter?” Finnick wanted a daughter as well, so he decided to test the waters since he knew he couldn’t force Vivian to have another baby if she didn’t want to. 
“Maybe in a few years. At least until Larry has gotten used to this family.” 
Even if they wanted a daughter, they needed to take Larry’s feelings into consideration as he was their only son. 
“Alright.” Finnick wasn’t planning to have a child so soon anyway. Seeing that Vivian had the intention to have a daughter as well, his heart settled and he did not probe further. 
Both of them shared the same thoughts. Timing was the only issue. 
Finnick held Vivian’s hand and walked along the street which was known for its unique architectural style. 
Its beauty was the reason why it was more congested than other streets. 
Even though the crowd was thick, Finnick did not once let go of Vivian’s hand as they weaved through the sea of people. 
The attractive couple instantly drew envious glances from the passersby. 
All of them, men and women alike, silently vowed to find a good-looking partner like them in the future. 
Meanwhile, Vivian and Finnick strolled leisurely along the street, completely unaware that they had become a reference for choosing a partner. 
But it wasn’t a bad thing either because people only considered good things to be paragons. This also proved that in the eyes of many, Vivian and Finnick were the epitome of a perfect couple.
Vivian was in a jovial mood as they ambled along the street with their interlocked hands swinging back and forth like a couple madly in love. After walking for a while, she spotted a girl at the corner of the street.
###Chapter 807
Chapter 807 
Even though the little girl wasn’t particularly pretty, she was extremely adorable. 
She was staring unblinkingly through the window of a shop, as though there was something she greatly cherished inside. 
Vivian’s curiosity was piqued as she wondered what exactly deserved the girl’s unwavering attention. 
Hence, she shot Finnick a glance, signaling for him to follow her forward, to which he nodded and complied. 
Upon walking closer, her eyes widened in surprise as it was not what she expected at all. 
The little girl was staring at a very beautiful wedding gown. 
The gown did not have many extravagant decorations. It was just an uncomplicated design with simple color, but it looked pure and modest in a very alluring way. 
Hence, it wasn’t all that strange that the little girl was fascinated by it. 
When Vivian was young, she, too, had fantasized about wearing a beautiful wedding gown to walk down the aisle and marry the man she loved. 
Looking at the look of awe on the girl’s face, she had the urge to ask her why she liked this wedding gown. 
So, she crouched down and peered at the girl with a gentle gaze before vocalizing her curiosity. 
But the girl’s answer came as a massive shock to her.
“My family is poor, so my mommy said no one will marry me when I grow up, so I’ve come here to look at this wedding dress. 
“It’s really beautiful, but I feel sad that I won’t have the chance to wear it in the future. That’s why I want to look at it now so that I won’t have too many regrets in the future.” 
After she finished speaking, tears pooled in her eyes, but she quickly blinked them away. 
Vivian’s heart squeezed in her chest when she saw the girl trying so hard not to cry. 
“It’s okay, sweetie, don’t cry. Every girl will get the chance to wear their dream wedding dress and marry their Prince Charming.” 
Vivian wanted to comfort the little girl, but her brows furrowed slightly as she sensed something off. 
After a moment, she realized where the problem lay. She never had a wedding, let alone wearing a wedding gown. 
Vivian didn’t know how to comfort the girl anymore because it would only be a lie if she did. 
She didn’t wish to lie to such a cute little girl, so she could only swallow back the words at the tip of her tongue. 
“Okay. Then I’ll study hard and wear a wedding dress when I grow up.” After listening to what Vivian said, the girl suddenly broke into a brilliant smile and promised to study hard. 
With that, she turned around and left, leaving Vivian in a daze. 
Just a single sentence managed to make her so happy? 
Kids nowadays are really easy to coax.
Finnick fell into deep thought after witnessing this scene. 
“C’mon.” Vivian slipped her hand into Finnick’s and continued walking forward. 
They reached home after walking for a little longer. Vivian was exhausted from an entire day of activity, but she went to check on Larry in his bedroom first. Seeing that he was still awake and playing with his toys, she told him to come downstairs to have some fruits. 
She wanted to create more opportunities for Finnick and Larry to spend more time with each other. Only then could Larry fit into his new home sooner. 
Of course, Finnick understood the reason behind Vivian’s efforts. 
Hence, he tried his best to play the role of a father. Even though he didn’t have any experience, zero was where many things started. 
Nothing’s impossible as long as we work hard for it. 
With that thought in mind, Finnick put things in motion. 
“Larry, look what I bought for you.” Finnick brought over a Doraemon jigsaw puzzle and placed it in front of his son. 
Previously when Vivian showed Larry to his Doraemon-themed room, Finnick noticed how happy the latter was. Hence, he took note of it and bought something Doraemon-related for him as well. 
But this jigsaw puzzle required two people to complete it. This could provide the father and son more bonding time and improve Larry’s intelligence at the same time. 
Finnick studied Larry’s face to gauge his reaction.
“Thank you, Daddy. I love it!” Larry genuinely liked this gift. 
Finnick ruffled Larry’s hair with a fond smile and said, “As long as you like it.” 
With that, he started to piece the puzzle with Larry.
###Chapter 808
Chapter 808 
Larry was a smart child. Even Finnick would have taken some time to complete the puzzle alone, but under his guidance, Larry successfully pieced the puzzle together very quickly. 
Brimming with fatherly pride, Finnick picked Larry up and spun him around, causing the little boy to giggle happily. 
He had always wanted to be swung around by his father when he was younger. Thus, he was over the moon when his wish finally came true. 
Vivian’s lips curled into a content smile as she watched the interaction between the father and son. 
This was undoubtedly the best scenario a family could hope for. As for having a daughter, that would have to wait until a few more years into the future. 
Of course, Vivian wished for more beautiful moments such as this for her family, but rather than risk shattering the moment, it was better to exercise caution instead of rushing things. 
After all, one wrong move could very well disrupt the harmony in this family. 
Vivian smiled in relief as she observed her two favorite boys dancing around with equally bright grins. 
She was confident that no one could come in between her family when they had such a strong bond. 
Night fell soon. 
Vivian lay in bed and stared blankly at the ceiling. 
Finnick, on the other hand, had his arms wrapped around her, immersed in his thoughts.
“Vivian, do you think that little girl from earlier will have the chance to wear her dream wedding dress in the future?” 
Vivian was perplexed by his question, but she still answered him seriously, “I don’t know about the wedding dress, but I’m sure it won’t be like what her mother said about no one wanting to marry her.” 
Vivian disapproved of certain parenting styles that affected a child negatively. No matter how poor a family is, they should never destroy a little girl’s dreams like that. 
What’s wrong with telling a few white lies if it means making your child happy? 
Parents should, at the very least, protect their children’s feelings. 
Finnick hummed in response but remained otherwise silent. He had only asked it as a casual question, but after hearing Vivian’s answer, he was even more certain about his decision. 
The two of them fell asleep in each other’s arms that night. 
The next morning, Vivian was bewildered when she woke up alone on the bed. 
After washing up, she went downstairs to look for Finnick, but he was nowhere in sight and neither could she reach him on his phone. 
She was baffled because usually, he would inform her before leaving the house. 
And even if he wasn’t home, he would keep his phone turned on twenty-four-seven and answer whenever she called. What’s going on today? 
Where did he go this early in the morning? 
Puzzled, Vivian went to Larry’s bedroom and found that he was still asleep.
Left without a choice, she could only sit on the sofa and wait, thinking that he would be back for breakfast. 
Unfortunately, she thought wrong – it was still radio silence on Finnick’s end when breakfast time arrived. 
When Larry came downstairs after washing up, Vivian sighed and started breakfast without her husband. 
But later on, she noticed another problem – Noah was missing as well. 
Hence, she had no choice but to personally send Larry to school that morning. 
Because it had been a long time since Vivian drove him to school, Larry was in seventh heaven when he got to know this. 
Yay, Mommy’s finally sending me to school today! 
Vivian smiled when she sensed Larry’s excitement and urged him to quickly finish his meal to avoid being late. 
In good spirits, Larry happily obeyed. 
Vivian was still pondering where Finnick could have gone to, but after a long time, she was no closer to figuring it out. 
It was soon time for Larry to go to school. 
Vivian chose a low-profile car from the garage. After getting Larry settled, she put the car in drive and set off.
As Vivian wondered what Finnick was doing, the latter was scratching his head over where he should place the flower in his hands. 
It turned out that he felt he owed it to Vivian to give her an unforgettable wedding. 
Thus, he wanted to go through the normal procedure, which meant proposing to Vivian. 
Finnick heard that women liked getting proposed to in public, so he set the location of the proposal in the largest park in the city. 
First of all, parks generally gave people a warm and pleasant feeling, so he believed that it was suitable for a proposal. Secondly, there would also be a larger audience.
###Chapter 809
Chapter 809 
Finnick surveyed the place he had woken up early just to set up, his heart suddenly swelling with pride for himself. 
Flower petals were strewn all over the ground and the fairy lights hanging from the trees gave the whole park a dreamy vibe. 
Some pedestrians stopped in their tracks when they saw the beautiful sight, wondering what kind of event was about to happen. 
After a while, they figured that it was probably some big shot trying to please his woman. 
Those whose curiosity got the better of them stayed back to join in the hype, waiting for the female lead to arrive. 
After making sure everything was ready, Finnick turned to Noah and said, “Check the time.” 
He would tell Vivian to come here if it was almost time. 
Noah checked his watch and answered, “It’s half-past eleven, Mr. Norton.” 
Half past eleven… 
He did a mental calculation and deemed that it was time. 
He fished out his phone and sent Vivian a text message. 
Finnick: Come to the park now. The one we always go to. 
After he hit the send button, Vivian’s reply came almost immediately.
Vivian: What are you doing there? 
Afraid of giving himself away, Finnick did not reply to her, thinking that it was best to refrain from speaking unnecessarily. 
The proposal was a surprise and he did not want to accidentally spoil it. 
“Get into position, everyone.” After Finnick gave the green light, Noah ordered everyone to give it their all to ensure the proposal was a success. 
Vivian was already worried about Finnick as it was, so after he contacted her, she wasted no time, doing exactly as he had instructed. 
After grabbing her stuff in record time, she pulled out of the garage once again. 
On the way there, she tried to guess what he was up to, but she just couldn’t find an answer. 
In the end, she simply gave up, reassuring herself to she would find out upon reaching the park they frequented. 
With that thought in mind, she focused all her attention on the road. 
Her driving skills weren’t amazing, so she made sure to drive carefully to avoid any accidents. 
“Hurry, hurry!” Everyone sprang into action when they spotted Vivian’s car approaching the gates to the park. 
The moment Vivian stepped into the park, the bright sky abruptly turned pitch-black. It was so dark she couldn’t even make out her own fingers. 
Panic rose in her and she faltered in her stride, unsure of whether she should continue moving forward.
After a split second, she mustered up the courage to walk forward. 
Suddenly, she stepped on a raised lever on the ground and beautiful stars blinked to life to embellish the entire dark sky, painting a mesmerizing scene. 
Finnick had constructed a beautiful starry sky for Vivian. 
Though surprised, she continued walking forward and gradually had an idea of what Finnick was up to, but the small smile on her lips was the only sign of her awareness. 
Although she knew what was going to happen, she maintained the surprise on her face because she did not want to disappoint Finnick. 
She ventured further into the park with eyes that shimmered with wonder and awe, curious to see what other surprises lay ahead of her. 
Sure enough, after taking several steps, she heard music playing in the background. 
It was a song she used to love listening to in the past, but ever since the divorce, she stopped listening to it. 
Hence, that familiar melody instantly brought tears to her eyes. 
This song evoked many memories and beautiful moments from the past. 
Not wanting to ruin such a romantic moment, she looked up at the sky to stop her tears from escaping. 
Once she was sure she wasn’t going to be a weeping mess, she continued moving forward. 
She thought that she would step on something again, but was surprised when a castle came into sight.
Finnick was inside with Larry, whom they had picked up from school. 
Two of her closest relatives were both in the castle. 
At that moment, Vivian could no longer hold back her emotions. Tears gathered in her eyes again and streamed down her cheeks uncontrollably. 
She suspected that Finnick was going to propose to her, but she never expected it to be so touching.
###Chapter 810
Chapter 810 
She knew that this moment was one that would forever be etched into her soul. 
With her eyes fixated on Finnick and Larry, she approached the castle as her heart threatened to leap out of her chest from happiness. 
After an entire morning of worrying about Finnick, words completely failed Vivian when she finally saw him under such circumstances. 
“Thank you,” was all she said, hoping to convey all her emotions through these two, simple words. 
Thank you for your love and tolerance toward me. 
Thank you for preparing such a special proposal for me. 
Thank you for playing the most important role in my life. 
Thank you… 
Vivian’s eyes seemed to speak a thousand words. 
Taking the resolution and tears in her eyes, Finnick caressed her hair and pulled her into his arms. “Silly girl.” 
His actions prompted more tears of happiness to roll down her cheeks. 
There was also a time when Finnick hugged her this way and called her a silly girl in a gentle voice. 
It was a long time ago, but when he repeated those exact actions, Vivian felt like she was transported back to the past.
As Finnick held her in his arms, the music reached a climax and the stars overhead rained down on them like falling stars; it was a spellbinding scene. 
Vivian gazed at Finnick, noting the glittering stars reflected in his dark orbs. She knew he had beautiful eyes, but she had never seen them twinkling like this. 
“Vivian, today’s the day I propose to you,” Finnick declared in a domineering tone and dropped to one knee. 
Since young, he had only knelt before his grandfather. 
Hence, that made Vivian the second one to be bestowed with that honor. 
“Vivian, the first time we got married, I didn’t propose to you or profess my love for you, and my incompetence is to be blamed for that, but today, I want you to marry me and be the happiest bride in the world.” 
He paused briefly before speaking again. “Vivian, I love you. Marry me.” As soon as these words left his lips, the lights came back on, and rose petals fell from the sky. 
Suddenly, the crowd gathered around them started chanting in unison. “Marry him! Marry him!” 
Only then did Vivian realize that there were so many onlookers. 
Due to the darkness, she failed to notice them earlier, but as she cast her gaze around, she found an overwhelming number of people assembled around the venue. 
Despite that, she was alert enough to remember that Finnick was still kneeling in front of her. 
She turned back to look at him, perceiving the heartfelt emotions surfacing in his eyes.
In the past, Finnick always looked at her with a gentle gaze, but right then, there was also determination and certainty amidst the gentleness in his eyes. 
Vivian smiled at that before replying, “Yes.” 
As the audience cheered in response, Finnick slipped a wedding ring onto Vivian’s finger. 
Vivian was stunned to see the familiar wedding ring. 
If memory served her right, she had discarded her ring back then. Why does this one look like a carbon copy of my ring from before? 
She cast at dubious glance at Finnick as he stood up. 
Reading her thoughts, he clarified, “This isn’t the one you threw away back then. I bought one that resembles yours because I know you handpicked it.” 
The last part of Finnick’s sentence tugged on Vivian’s heartstrings. 
That’s right. I handpicked it back then and I was also the one who threw it away. 
Just how much time and effort did it take Finnick to find a ring that looks exactly the same? 
Although the ring Vivian chose all those years ago wasn’t that expensive, it was one-of-a-kind in the world. 
For a moment, her mind was flooded with a million and one questions, but she soon realized that all of those weren’t important. 
Perhaps he truly was capable of the impossible, but what mattered most was that they were together.
There was a romantic quality in the air as Finnick and Vivian gazed at each other, but it was disrupted after a while. 
“Mommy, Daddy. Are you married now?” Larry finally blurted out the question on his mind after watching the two of them getting lost in their own world. 
Faced with her son’s question, Vivian was caught in a bind. 
I can’t say yes because we don’t have a marriage certificate to prove that we’re a legally married couple. Neither can I say no because where would that leave Larry, our son?
###Chapter 811
Chapter 811 
Am I supposed to tell him that we divorced once and have reunited now? 
Just when Vivian was about to answer, Finnick beat her to it. 
“Yes.” Just a simple word caused her heart to pound rapidly against her chest. 
Finnick clapped twice and a man wheeled over a cart that had a cloth covering it. 
Vivian was intrigued. What’s with all the mystery? 
“Let’s open it together, Vivian.” Finnick took her hand and grabbed the corner of the cloth together. 
Thinking that it was a gift from him, Vivian opened it up with curiosity. 
The swishing sound of the cloth being lifted could be heard, but the crowd’s collective gasps drowned it out. 
It wasn’t a gift, but a wedding gown that was exclusively designed by an international designer. And there was the only one of it in the entire world. 
Vivian gaped at the pure white wedding gown in front of her, taking in its vintage design and the intricate embroidery all over the skirt. 
Every stitch and thread showed how much dedication the designer poured into this wedding gown. 
The workmanship was excellent and it was as though the designer sewed his or her love into the very gown.
Vivian had received too many surprises since walking into the park. As she looked at the wedding gown in front of her, her mind went blank. 
She, who had always been an eloquent speaker, was truly lost for words. All she could do was stare at Finnick. 
Finnick initially thought that she was going to say something, but when she kept silent after a long time, he realized that she couldn’t find the right words to say. 
He tucked her hair behind her ear and said affectionately, “You don’t need to say anything. Just marry me.” 
When Vivian nodded dumbly in response, a deep laugh rumbled from his chest. 
Then, he urged her to put on the gown so that they could go home together. 
But Vivian giggled in amusement when she heard his suggestion. “I’ve never seen anyone going home in a wedding gown.” 
“Well, then. You’ll be the first.” 
With no way to refute, Vivian went behind a curtain to slip on the wedding gown and walked out after quite some time. 
This was the first time Finnick saw her in a wedding gown, and it was also her first time in one. 
It was a shame that there was no mirror to show her how she looked. 
She could only look at herself through Finnick’s eyes as she waited for his reaction. 
Meanwhile, there was only one word in Finnick’s mind – beautiful.
The audience seemed to have stopped breathing as they stared at Vivian. 
Of course, everyone had imagined how she would look in the gown, but their imaginations didn’t do her justice. 
“How do I look?” Vivian’s movements were slightly restricted because of the gown. She could only stand still and ask Finnick for his opinion. 
“Beautiful.” Finnick stared at her as if caught in a trance. 
At that moment, Vivian looked like a queen before him, completely subduing his usual dominant self. 
Vivian giggled shyly under his gaze. 
It seems like the little girl from yesterday made quite an impact on him. That’s probably why he bought me a wedding dress. 
Unbeknownst to her, this wedding gown was something Finnick had been planning in secret for a long time, but just so happened to be completed the previous night. 
It had nothing to do with the little girl. 
But there was nothing wrong with Vivian’s speculation either. 
Finnick scooped her into his arms and strode toward the car. 
He wanted to carry the woman he loved so dearly into the car, then into the place they called home. 
Vivian snaked her arms around his neck, feeling like the happiest woman in the world.
She was carried all the way into their home, bridal-style. Their housemaids’ eyes glittered with happiness as they watched the couple’s loving interaction. 
One thing subordinates like them could ever hope for was their employers’ happiness because it would reflect greatly on their own lives. 
When employers were unhappy, they would usually vent it out on their subordinates. 
Although Vivian would never do this, the house would still lose its warmth if the family was a broken one. As a result, their housemaids wouldn’t be able to work comfortably.
###Chapter 812
Chapter 812 
“Finnick, put me down.” Vivian squirmed slightly. 
They had already arrived home, but he was still carrying her. Hence, she felt slightly flustered. 
“Why? Are you shy? You’re my wife. Why can’t I carry you?” 
Finnick shot her a wicked grin, as though his evil plan had been successfully carried out. 
“I didn’t mean it that way, but we’re already home. When are you planning to put me down?” Vivian explained to clear up the misunderstanding. 
“Alright, alright.” Finnick smiled at her before reluctantly placing her on her feet. 
“Mommy, Daddy, our teacher said that marriage comes after a proposal, so when are you going to get married?” Larry blinked innocently at his parents. 
“Very soon,” Finnick answered gleefully. 
In fact, he had long since made the wedding preparations and was only waiting for Vivian to agree to marry him before setting the date and location. 
Everything was ready. All that was left was the bride’s consent. 
“Mm… I have something to tell you.” Vivian peeked at Finnick, slightly embarrassed. 
“What’s wrong?” Finnick’s brows furrowed in confusion. 
Then, he gently led her to the sofa, where they sat down to have a family discussion. 
He was, in fact, worried that Vivian’s feet would hurt from standing too long in heels.
Vivian’s heart warmed at Finnick’s attentiveness. She shifted closer to him and began, “Actually, I haven’t gotten my household register delivered back to me. It’s still in A Nation.” 
Vivian looked slightly abashed when she explained that she had brought along her household register for legal reasons when she moved to A Nation back then. 
She only remembered that her household register wasn’t with her when Finnick mentioned marriage. 
On the other hand, when Vivian brought this to light, Finnick felt that it was a mistake on his part. 
He was so caught up in preparing the surprise that he failed to check if she had all the required documents for marriage. 
For example, to register their marriage, they would need their household register among other legal documents. 
Finnick gave Vivian a helpless look. 
Indeed, it was an important detail he had missed and she wasn’t to be blamed. 
“It’s okay. We’ll wait for the documents to be sent back. We can register our marriage later on.” 
Finnick didn’t see a problem in having the wedding first and registering their marriage later. After all, he already considered the woman in front of him his wife. 
They had everything. All that was left was to obtain a legal marriage certificate and doing it later wouldn’t make much of a difference. 
Finnick voiced his opinion to Vivian, but the latter rejected it. 
Both of them disagreed with each other in this regard.
In the past, their marriage was an impulsive decision and there was no love involved, so the process didn’t really matter. 
But at present, since they were truly in love and fulfilled all conditions except some documents, what was wrong with waiting just a little longer? 
What was the rush? 
Faced with her firm refusal, Finnick could only acquiesce in her decision and wait until her birth certificate arrived to register their marriage. 
After coming to an agreement, they got Noah to send Larry back to school. 
Finnick initially didn’t plan on bringing Larry over, but to guarantee a successful marriage proposal, he decided to play it safe by bringing him. 
He made this decision not because he lacked confidence, but he believed Larry’s presence could create a better effect and he turned out to be right. 
Needless to say, he was satisfied with his wife’s response earlier. 
Even though it caused Larry to miss an entire morning of class, according to his son’s intellect, he would be able to catch up very quickly. 
Noah obeyed his orders and drove Larry to school. 
Only Finnick, Vivian, and two of their housemaids were left at home. 
With so much time on their hands, they decided to go out for a movie after Vivian had a change of clothes.
Time flew by the fastest when one was happy. Before Vivian knew it, a week passed by since the marriage proposal. 
A week later, she was home alone. Bored, she thought of going out for a walk when her phone rang.
###Chapter 813
Chapter 813 
Vivian glanced at the caller ID on her phone screen and knew that it was time to resolve this matter. 
With that, she answered the call. “Hello?” She waited for the person on the other end of the line to respond. 
“Vivian, let’s meet.” The caller’s voice sounded slightly uncertain. 
“Send me the address. I’ll be there in a bit.” After the other person agreed, Vivian swiftly hung up the call. 
Finally having something to do, Vivian felt more energized than before. 
Sometimes coincidence was a good thing. 
Just when you thought you would be bored out of your mind, something would crop up and you wouldn’t be able to avoid it even if you wanted to. 
After getting ready, Vivian went to the garage and drove a car out. 
Finnick wasn’t home that day or he would have given her a series of reminders before allowing her to go out. 
Vivian was in good spirits as she listened to her favorite song in the car, deciding that she would come out for a drive whenever she was feeling bored at home. 
The more she thought about it, the more appealing this idea seemed. Feeling content, she focused on driving and let her mind drift to the meeting later.
She racked her brain for a more appropriate way to speak and handle the issues she might be posed with. 
Suddenly, her gaze was drawn to a dog lying on the road, drenched in blood. 
Unease crept into her heart. Could this be some kind of bad omen? 
Death is always associated with bad news. 
Vivian silently prayed that nothing bad would happen, lest her good mood be affected. 
After some time, Vivian arrived at the meeting location. 
She parked her car and scanned her surroundings first before walking in search of the person she was supposed to meet with. 
It was her first time here, so she slowed her steps to observe the scenery. 
She was at the foot of a mountain where all kinds of flowers were in their full bloom. 
It was a soothing sight, especially for women. 
The person she was to meet seemed to have spent quite a lot of effort in choosing their meeting location. 
Vivian walked down the slabbed pathway but still didn’t find who she was looking for. Hence, she took out her phone and made a call. 
“Hello, where are you?” With her phone against her ear, she cast her gaze around. 
“Stay right there. I can already see you. Give me two minutes.”
Vivian hummed a response and looked for a place to sit as she waited. 
Unless it was a formal occasion, she didn’t see the need to continue standing. 
Thus, she found a suitable spot to sit and waited patiently for the other person to arrive. 
As promised, she only needed to wait for two minutes. 
A familiar figure in a white shirt and casual hairstyle approached her with a warm smile. 
Perhaps he was the perfect definition of a gentleman in the hearts of many girls. 
But no matter how outstanding he was, she only had eyes for Finnick. 
“Vivian, sorry for being late.” 
Hunter looked at her apologetically. 
After a long time of not seeing her, he found her to be even more beautiful than before. 
Although she had put on some weight, it did nothing to diminish her beauty. 
Recently, all Vivian did at home was to eat and sleep. It would be odd if she didn’t gain some weight. 
Unaware of Hunter’s train of thoughts, she offered him a friendly smile. 
“It’s fine. I only waited for a short while.” 
Vivian noticed the beads of sweat on Hunter’s forehead and surmised that he must have rushed here. 
On the contrary, she had left the house earlier because she was bored at home, so it really wasn’t Hunter’s fault.
“I’ve actually never been here before either, but I heard that it’s beautiful.” 
Hunter did not usually have time to spare for sightseeing. Hence, this place was, of course, recommended by a friend.
###Chapter 814
Chapter 814 
“It really is beautiful.” 
Vivian couldn’t deny that the air here was fresh and the environment serene, which served to amplify the connection to Mother Nature. 
Most importantly, there were no signs of pollution, maintaining nature’s innocence. 
“Then, shall we take a walk?” Hunter felt a trace of awkwardness hovering over them, so he suggested taking a walk to dissolve that barrier between them. 
“Sure.” Vivian did not oppose. 
After all, she had to face this sooner or later; it was only a matter of when. 
Thus, it was better to make things clear between them as soon as possible, so that she could give Finnick an explanation and also stop feeling as though she owed Hunter. 
When Vivian thought about it from this angle, she didn’t feel as nervous as Hunter. 
Hunter cleared his throat. Not knowing where to start, he made small talk. “So, how have you been recently?” 
Hunter wasn’t the kind of person who liked cutting things straight to the chase. Instead, he always started with some casual chit-chat and slowly steered the conversation toward the main topic. 
“Not bad, I guess. I’m living a worry- life whereby I’m spoon-fed in every way possible.” 
Although she was blunt with her words, it was indeed an accurate portrayal of her life lately.
It was basically, eat, sleep and repeat for her. 
She didn’t need to lift a single finger at home. 
Her life was no different from the lives of those spoiled rich wives. 
For some reason, Hunter felt depressed to hear that Vivian was living a happy life. 
He fell silent as he searched for the words to express how he was feeling. 
Before he came to a decision, Vivian glimpsed a pair of goldfish in the pond nearby. 
Upon closer inspection, she noticed that there was a third fish beside them. Oddly, it resembled her own situation. 
This fish liked one of the other two, so it kept following behind them. 
Seeing as Hunter was keeping silent, Vivian leisurely watched the fish in the pond. 
When the third fish swam up to one of the two fish, the other one sped forward to attack it. 
This was the consequence of being a third party. 
Vivian speculated that if she did not cut ties with Hunter once and for all, he would continue butting into her life. 
If that happened, on top of issuing a warning, Finnick might even take action against Hunter. 
No matter who it was for, this matter had to be resolved. 
Before Vivian could speak, Hunter’s voice reached her ears.
“I heard that you’re back together with Finnick.” Hunter looked into Vivian’s eyes, wanting to catch every little expression she made. 
Vivian, however, had no intention to hide. Instead, she gave him a firm reply. “Yes, I am.” 
People said that when a woman was asked about another man by the man she liked, she would avert her gaze. 
The fact that Vivian boldly met Hunter’s eyes proved that she had no feelings for him. 
He had known it all along, but still couldn’t bring himself to accept the truth simply because he was deeply in love with her. 
Little did he know that sometimes, loving meant letting go. 
“Vivian, why didn’t you choose me? Is Finnick better than me in some way?” 
Hunter felt that it was time he got some answers. 
Furthermore, he could clearly sense that Vivian was treating their current meeting as their last one. 
Hence, if he didn’t ask her now, he might not get another chance. 
“It’s not about who’s better than who. Even if he’s not an outstanding man, since he’s the one I love, I’d wholeheartedly accept all of his flaws,” Vivian explained with a solemn expression when she realized that Hunter still didn’t get it. 
She was choosing based on a person’s heart, which was vastly different from choosing s based on their qualities and benefits.
This was a person whom she would spend the rest of her life with, while s were materialistic possessions that didn’t last long.
###Chapter 815
Chapter 815 
He was never going to give her what she wanted or spent the rest of their life together. 
This time, Vivian wanted to let Hunter know that he was not really her type. Besides, they didn’t share the same values. 
A relationship with different values would never work out. 
“What about me? Am I not good enough for you?” Hunter spoke with a hoarse voice. He felt as though his heart had been broken into pieces when he heard Vivian saying how much she loved Finnick. 
In spite of that, he thought he should man up and ask whatever he had to ask. 
“Finnick is the man that I will spend the rest of my life with. As for you, I’m really sorry.” 
As soon as Vivian finished speaking, she saw the lights in Hunter’s eyes dimmed instantly. 
It was her first time seeing the light in someone’s eyes could turn dark in a split second. It seemed that Vivian’s words was quite a blow to Hunter. 
For everyone’s sake, Vivian would rather go with a relatively brutal way. 
“Vivian, if I confess my love to you now, would you be with me?” 
Hunter finally screwed up the courage to ask her that question. 
Deep down, he knew that Vivian would definitely not choose him. But he just had to say out what was on his mind. 
What if Vivian changed her mind suddenly to be with me? Perhaps, there will be miracles in the world?
While his mind began to wander, he heard Vivian’s indifferent tone of voice. “I won’t. You might not know this yet. I’ve already accepted Finnick’s proposal. So, we are going to get married soon.” 
Initially, Vivian didn’t want to tell him about that. Since Hunter was not willing to give up, she had no choice but let him know the truth. 
“I’ve said all that needed to be said. I’ve nothing more to say, so I hope everything goes well.” 
Vivian left right after she finished her words. 
Why? How does Finnick win Vivian’s heart? Why am I not the one? 
Hunter kicked the rock next to him with indignation. The rock remained motionless while his legs hurt. 
Hunter paid no attention to his legs because he couldn’t stop staring at Vivian’s back as she left. 
“Finnick, I will win Vivian back. Just you wait and see!” 
Hunter was doing fine until he saw Vivian leaving. He even lost control of his emotions just by looking at her back. 
He was so in love with Vivian. He couldn’t understand why she chose Finnick over him in the end. 
Why? 
He refused to accept that! 
Hunter had almost given up on himself. Right at that moment, he heard the sound of high heels tapping. 
Hunter looked up, then immediately lowered his head again to look at the ground.
Hunter had never felt so lost before. He didn’t know what to do at all. The only way to make him feel better was to wallow in self-pity. 
But that was not going to help him to win Vivian over. 
“Stop feeling sorry for yourself. You’ve got to pull yourself together and get her back.” That person said with a cap pushed low over her face. 
Soon, they sky was getting darker. Hunter went back home. In fact, he didn’t even know how he managed to get home. 
All he could think of was the frustration and disdain towards Finnick. 
All in all, he felt emotionally drained after having a conversation with Vivian earlier. 
At night, Finnick came home. He saw Vivian sitting on the sofa, watching TV while eating chips. 
He walked towards Vivian and bit the chips in her mouth. Then, he stared at her. 
“What’s wrong?” The way Finnick stared at her made her feel uncomfortable. Thus, she immediately asked him. 
“Today, you…” Finnick didn’t finish his sentence. Instead, he was waiting for Vivian to say it herself. 
Vivian’s eyes darted around. Then, she asked, “What happened to me?” 
“Tell me, what happened to you today?” Vivian knew exactly what Finnick was saying but she didn’t want to tell. It was quite annoying to Finnick. 
“I didn’t do anything today.” Vivian carried on her mind games with Finnick.
“Fine. What were you doing with Hunter today?” Finnick had no choice but to ask Vivian himself. 
If he didn’t ask, Vivian would definitely be dilly-dallied for quite a while before telling him. 
But, Finnick was desperate to know everything. Hence, he could only compromise and ask her.
###Chapter 816
Chapter 816 
“Hunter confessed to me, but I rejected him.” Vivian summarized what happened earlier in one sentence and briefly explain to him. 
However, Finnick wasn’t happy to hear about that. 
Hunter confessed to Vivian? How can I not know about this? 
“Damn it! How dare he confess to you?” Finnick would never allow anyone to have their eyes on his woman. 
Therefore, he couldn’t help but feel upset when he heard Vivian’s words. 
“So what? It doesn’t matter anymore. Didn’t I tell you that I have rejected him? Don’t be mad.” Vivian didn’t want to cause any trouble because of that. So, she was trying to calm Finnick down. 
“It matters! He is messing with someone he shouldn’t.” 
Vivian should have remained silent. The more she spoke, the more Finnick became jealous. 
However, good always triumphed over evil. There was always going to be a way for Vivian to keep Finnick’s cool. 
Just as he was about to do something against Hunter, he heard Vivian’s voice. 
“Finnick, don’t be mad. OK?” The best way to deal with an angry man was being whiny and giving him an innocent look. 
Technically, the theory worked perfectly well especially on Finnick.
“Look. Since he confessed to me, it indirectly proves that you have a pretty good taste. Other than that, he did not succeed in the end. So, why don’t we take the high road and forgive him?” 
Vivian said gently while touching Finnick’s chest. 
“Fine, then. I don’t want to be a petty person who holds onto grudges.” 
Finnick found Vivian’s words actually made sense. 
“Let bygones be bygones. If that’s the case, I’ll drop that topic. But if the same thing happens again in the future, I will make him regret his action.” 
Finnick never liked Hunter ever since he started courting Vivian. 
Hunter even confessed his feelings to Vivian after they were officially together. How could he allow Hunter to do that? 
But, since Vivian said so, he decided to let him off once. Hopefully Hunter would behave himself in the future. 
There shouldn’t be any problem as long as he didn’t act recklessly in front of Finnick. 
“That’s good. You’re the best.” Vivian smiled and rubbed her cheeks against his chest. 
Vivian wasn’t acting in that cutesy manner because she was concerned about Hunter. Instead, she didn’t want Finnick to worry about her. 
She could still get rid of those unwanted encounters on her own. There was no need to trouble Finnick. 
Sometimes, she would resolve her own problems if she could. She didn’t want to be too troublesome for him.
“Hey, you’re playing with fire.” Vivian had aroused him as she rubbed herself against his chest. 
However, she wasn’t planning to stop. Therefore, Finnick carried her up to the bedroom immediately. 
Vivian was a little surprised at first, but she didn’t feel anything afterwards. 
She was just lying in his arms obediently and waiting for him to carry her back to the room. 
Just as Finnick was going to make his further move, Vivian straight away covered herself with blanket and told him to go to sleep. 
Finnick was speechless. That woman in front of him turned him on but left him hanging. He found her adorable for acting like it had nothing to do with her. 
Finnick had no choice but to take a cold shower. Then, both of them lay in bed together and fell asleep in each other’s arms. 
The following morning was the weekend. Hence, Vivian brought Larry along to do some clothes shopping. 
Finnick didn’t accompany them as he was caught up with something. Instead, he let Noah follow along to ensure their safety. 
In fact, Vivian didn’t need any protection. However, since Hunter had expressed his love for Vivian the previous day, Finnick was even more worried for her to go out alone. 
Thus, he might as well let Noah keep an eye on them. With that, he could also prevent any secret admirers from approaching Vivian. 
How could she not know what was on Finnick’s mind? She just didn’t think there was anything wrong with Noah tagging along, as long as that would make Finnick feel at ease. That was all she ever
wanted. 
Meanwhile, she heard someone catching the thief when she was shopping for clothes. 
At that time, the thief passed by Vivian coincidentally. Fortunately, she wasn’t injured because Noah was beside her.
###Chapter 817
Chapter 817 
“Mrs. Norton, are you okay?” Noah looked at Vivian. He was worried that she would be frightened by what happened. 
“I’m fine.” Vivian looked at Larry, but Larry was staring at those people who was catching the thief with a gleam in his eyes. 
The thief was a man. He was skinny with an average height. Why would a person like him be stealing things? 
Soon after, the thief was caught as a result of those who were brave enough to step up against unjust acts. 
Finally, the incident had come to an end. As Vivian was about to turn around and leave, she caught sight of a figure from the corner of her eyes. 
That was… Evelyn Morrison. 
How is that even possible? On second thought, it was not possible for Evelyn to be there. She was supposed to in another country at that time. 
Therefore, the person that Vivian saw earlier was definitely not Evelyn. 
“Mommy.” 
Larry had been calling Vivian for quite some time but she stood there blankly as she was stunned. 
It took quite a moment for her to notice Larry.
What’s the matter, little pumpkin?” Vivian looked at Larry. It seemed that she hadn’t fully regained her composure. 
“Mommy, I had been calling you since just now. Why are you not responding to me?” Larry asked aggrievedly. 
Larry had been trying to call Vivian but she ignored him. How could he not be upset? 
However, Larry noticed that something had been bothering Vivian. So, he decided to not complain about her. 
“Mommy, what happened?” Larry had always been thinking about protecting Vivian, as well as sharing her burdens. 
Looking at the distressed look on her face, he thought perhaps he could help taking some burdens off Vivian’s shoulders. 
However, Vivian didn’t tell Larry about what happened earlier because she was sure that she had seen it wrongly. 
“It’s nothing. I thought I saw someone familiar but it isn’t.” 
Vivian briefly explained to Larry and carried on shopping with him. 
“How is it? How does it feel like watching the woman you love walking together with the child of another man? Are you feeling alright?” Right after Vivian left, a woman stood next to Hunter sarcastically asked. 
“Evelyn, don’t push it.” 
It turned out that woman was indeed Evelyn Morrison. Vivian’s eyes were not playing tricks on her.
As a man, Hunter couldn’t tolerate Evelyn for degrading and humiliating him. It seemed that he had become a lowly man. How could he not be angry? 
“That’s it. You’ve seen it yourself now. It’s time for us to talk.” Seeing Vivian slowly walked away, Evelyn said impassively while touching her hair. 
At night, after Vivian got home, she was considering whether to tell Finnick about what happened earlier on the street. 
Thinking it over, it might make her look like a narrow-minded person. 
Besides, she might be seeing it wrongly. Hence, it would be ridiculous if she said that out. 
Perhaps I should tell him after confirming it. 
After struggling with her thoughts for a while, she decided not to tell him anything. 
Finnick seemed to know that Vivian had something to tell him. He had been waiting for a long time but to no avail. 
Finnick took a glance at Vivian and thought she had probably changed her mind already. 
Since she didn’t want to talk about it, he wouldn’t ask any further. 
Thus, he hugged Vivian to sleep. 
As the night fell, everyone was sleeping soundly. Yet, Hunter was standing alone outside in a cool breeze. 
The image of the scene during the day flashed across his minds.
“Look. Undoubtedly, there’s no way for you to defeat Finnick now. No matter how hard you try, you’re not going to win her heart. But, don’t worry. Since we are working together now, your chance at winning will be increased. You and I are two of a kind. You love Vivian, while I’m in love with Finnick. Both of us are suffering from the pain of unrequited love. So, why don’t we work together to achieve something that we want?” 
Evelyn’s words hit him like a ton of bricks, hard and deep. What she just said actually made a lot of sense, but he still felt that something wasn’t right. 
At first, Hunter was still trying to argue strongly to defend himself. “It’s not that I can’t win her over. In fact, Finnick is too cunning. He keeps preventing me from getting closer to Vivian.”
###Chapter 818
Chapter 818 
Hunter was trying to explain. Yet, he couldn’t help but feeling somewhat inferior. 
He always thought that he was evidently not as good as Finnick. That was why Vivian chose to be with Finnick. 
If that was the case, he should have let her go. Perhaps that was for the better. Both of them could live happily on their own. 
But Evelyn was right as well. He wasn’t any lesser than Finnick at all. 
Finnick was a wealthy, powerful and good-looking man. As for Hunter, he was just equally good. 
Hence, why don’t I give it a shot? 
It was a do-or-die situation. Evelyn had completely messed up Hunter’s mind. 
At that moment, besides having the willpower to fight for Vivian’s love, he was also feeling a little guilty. 
Frankly speaking, he had been wondering if he was being way too despicable and vicious. 
However, Evelyn assured him, “If you wanted to be such a saint, then you are never going to get Vivian.” 
That was so true. He was doing this because of love. 
Since that was the case, there was nothing to feel guilty about. 
Hunter was having a hard time struggling with his internal conflicts before he finally made up his mind to work together with Evelyn. He wanted to Finnick and Vivian from each other for the sake of love. It
wouldn’t involve any underhanded tricks. 
After dealing with his inner conflicts for a long time, he stood up and dusted himself. 
Then, he got into the car and he hit the gas and left. 
The moon was shining bright that night, brightening up the future and everything looked beautiful. 
In the same way, all those dirty deeds were laid exposed. 
The following morning, Vivian woke up and realized that she didn’t sleep well last night. Her head hurt so much after she got up. 
Even Vivian herself had no idea what she did the previous night. 
The other side, there was a woman lying on a white bed. Her face looked as pale as a sheet. Besides, a young lady was standing in front of the bed. 
The two of them seemed to be discussing some upsetting topics as the young lady’s eyes were glistening with tears. 
Taking a closer look, it was Evelyn. 
Ever since Evelyn came back, she first went to Hunter and got him to stand by her side. Next, she went looking for Rachel. 
She was trying to make Rachel feel totally disappointed with Vivian. Thus, Rachel might be helping her against Vivian together. 
“Mom.” It was not her intention to address Rachel that way. But when she thought of her purpose of coming, she had no choice but force herself to do that.
“Hey.” It’s been a while since Rachel last met Evelyn. Finally, she was able to see her after so long, and even hearing her own daughter to call her Mom. 
She was extremely overjoyed. 
Usually, Evelyn was not willing to call her mom, let alone come visit her. 
What’s going on today? Why does she think of visiting me suddenly? 
Even though there were thousands of thoughts running through Rachel’s head, she thought it was better for her to remain silent. 
Despite getting her biological daughter back, Evelyn was still blaming Rachel for changing her destiny without her consent. 
Even though Rachel had been ill and bedridden all the time, her mind was clear. 
Hence, she was well aware of many things. 
After all, Evelyn was still her biological daughter. No matter how angry she was, she would always be her daughter. 
“Hey, Evelyn. Come, take a seat.” Seeing Evelyn standing still in front of her, Rachel quickly greeted her and invited her over to sit down. 
“Thank you.” Evelyn thanked her and sat down. 
Evelyn knew that it would not be an easy conversation. Hence, she might as well sit down and talk. 
Anyway, wearing heels for long periods of time wouldn’t benefit her at all.
“You’re welcome.” Evelyn sounded quite indifferent, as if she was trying to keep a distance from her. Rachel felt terrible and hurt. 
However, she didn’t show any sign of impatience on her face. 
“Mom, I come to tell you to beware of Vivian.” Evelyn went straight to the point since there was nothing much she could talk with Rachel. 
“Why is it?” Vivian was the one who forced Evelyn to leave. Evelyn said in a rather serious tone, making Rachel feel as if Vivian had done some terrible things to Evelyn.
###Chapter 819
Chapter 819 
“It’s because…” Evelyn pretended to stutter. It seemed like it was not too convenient for her to tell Rachel. 
Rachel couldn’t care less about the distance between them anymore. She immediately grabbed Evelyn’s hand and asked her desperately. 
Even though Vivian chased Evelyn away previously, and also sent her to the nursing home. 
Nevertheless, that was the best nursing home in the city. Apart from that, there was someone specially assigned to take good care of each unit. 
She used to be biased against Vivian before. Therefore, she felt especially apologetic towards her. 
Upon hearing her words, Rachel couldn’t help but ask Evelyn as she eagerly wanted to know what happened to Vivian. 
Evelyn was standing right in front of her, seemingly fine. Hence, she thought something bad must have happened to Vivian. 
However, it was obvious that Rachel had been overthinking. 
According to Evelyn, nothing bad happened to Vivian. Instead, she had turned evil. 
“Actually, Vivian didn’t do anything. It’s all my fault. I brought this on myself. In the end, I’m the one to blame for loving the wrong guy.” 
Upon saying that, tears began rolling down her cheeks. Evelyn deserved an Oscars for her excellent acting skills.
“What’s wrong with her?” After hearing her words, it seemed that Vivian was fine. Instead, she had done something to Evelyn. Hence, Rachel’s tone became angry. 
She would be worried for Vivian if anything were to happen to her. However, if Vivian had the guts to harm Evelyn in any way, she would make Vivian pay for what she did. 
At the very least, that was what was on Rachel’s mind without taking her capability into consideration. It was obvious that she was being biased towards Evelyn. 
“She… She forced me to go to Thymion.” Then, Evelyn started talking about what she had been through in Thymion. 
It was all real. She wasn’t being exaggerated about it. 
She got what she deserved, but she was putting all the blame on Vivian. 
“That’s it. Henry gave me some money for me to come back.” After finishing her sentences, her tears fell. 
To be honest, Evelyn had no other choice at that time. She was driven into a corner. She had been living her life to the fullest at Intoxicated until a rich man had his eyes on her. 
The rich man wanted her to be his eighth mistress. Of course, she didn’t agree. 
Luckily, Henry lent her a hand and helped her escape from the situation. 
Evelyn asked Henry why he decided to help her. His answer was something that she would remember for the rest of her life. 
“I will never tolerate anyone from my country to be bullied and insulted by those foreigners.” 
Then, He left right after saying that.
After that, Evelyn managed to come back using the money that Henry given. 
Rachel was heartbroken after hearing what Evelyn had been through in the past few months. She couldn’t help but melt into tears. 
“Evelyn, it’s all my fault. I’m such a useless mother. Else, you wouldn’t have to go through that kind of suffering.” Her tears continued falling like rain. 
“It’s fine, Mom. It’s all over now.” Evelyn wiped away the tears that she squeezed out earlier. 
“But, Mom. You still have to be careful with Vivian. I’m afraid that she might do something to you later on.” In the end, Evelyn still couldn’t help but say those words to Rachel. 
“Alright. I’ll keep that in mind.” Even that was something Evelyn asked her to do, she was never going to be as nice as she was before towards Vivian after learning what she had done to Evelyn. 
Rachel had been lying in bed for years. She didn’t even have a chance to take a good look at her own daughter. 
Now that Evelyn was right there by her side. Rachel kept on staring at her face. She couldn’t take her eyes off of Evelyn. 
Her gaze made Evelyn feel a little uneasy. She even thought Rachel had seen through her trick. 
“Mom, what are you looking at?” Evelyn reached out her hands to touch her face, pretending as though there was something on her face. 
In fact, she was trying to cover up her awkward facial expression. 
“Evelyn, you’ve lost some weight.”
Evelyn was indeed thinner compared to the last time Rachel saw her. 
Anyway, she didn’t go to Thymion for vacation in the last few months. 
Initially, her intention was to earn some money and make a grand comeback. However, many had happened, so it was actually good for her to come back.
###Chapter 820
Chapter 820 
Evelyn thought about what she should do next. 
Since she had managed to avoid the limelight, Vivian was no longer hot on her trail. 
Thus, this was the best time for her to take action. 
With this in mind, a conceited look flashed across her eyes. 
But since Rachel was still by her side, she could not act too arrogantly. Otherwise, her efforts would go to waste. 
“So where do you stay now?” Rachel asked, thinking Evelyn had no place to live after listening to her sob story. 
“I… “ Evelyn stammered and pretended to act embarrassed. 
Rachel immediately assumed that she had nowhere to stay. 
As Evelyn’s mother, she felt obliged to help. 
However, considering her own physical health, she felt that she wasn’t in the right state to help out. After pondering over this for a while, she said, “Why don’t you come and live with me?” 
At the same time, she was worried that Evelyn wouldn’t be willing to take up her suggestion. 
To her surprise, Evelyn agreed. “Thank you, Mom,” she said with a smile on her face. 
Evelyn’s words were filled with emotions and sounded absolutely pleasing to Rachel’s ears.
“Alright then. We’re short of one bed in my room. Here, take this money and buy a good bed for yourself.” Rachel took out a thousand bucks from a loose board on her bed frame and gave it to Evelyn. 
Evelyn was the type of girl who placed high importance on aesthetics, so she planned to buy herself a comfortable and nice-looking bed. 
“Okay.” She took the money from Rachel since she didn’t have much money of her own. 
The notes were crumpled, and they smelt old and musky. 
She then furrowed her brows without saying anything else. 
Evelyn felt repulsed by Rachel and even more so by the money she offered. 
Ever since the moment she found out that Rachel was her mother, resentment had started brewing within her. 
However, since she needed Rachel’s help right now, she had no choice but put on an act. 
Evelyn pretended to look happy. How is one thousand enough to buy a good bed? 
Who is she trying to fool? 
She kept these thoughts to herself as now wasn’t the time to expose her true feelings. 
“Alright Mom, I’ll go and pack up,” she said to Rachel before leaving. 
Despite the resentment she felt, Evelyn still took the money that Rachel gave her and bought herself a bed.
To her, a bed that cost one thousand simply wasn’t up to her standards. Nevertheless, she still bought a bed to solve her immediate problems. 
Since she and Hunter were now working together for mutual benefit, she felt that he should be supporting her financially. 
When she brought this issue up to him, he immediately wrote her a check without giving it a second thought. 
As long as he had the opportunity to pursue Vivian, money wasn’t a problem for him. 
“Here is two hundred thousand. Come to me again after you finish spending it.” Hunter handed Evelyn a check and left right away. 
He didn’t want to linger around Evelyn as he felt that she added a sense of burden to him. 
Therefore, he tried to minimize contact with her as much as he could. 
The only time Evelyn would look for Hunter was when she was out of money. She did not have that much time to spare anyway. 
Meanwhile, Vivian and Finnick’s lives were pretty boring and uneventful. He was simply shuttled between work and home on a daily basis. 
The only time he stayed at home to accompany Vivian was the time he tried to reconcile with her. However, that was not possible at the moment. 
Business at the company still had to go on. On top of that, he had a family who depended on him financially. 
If he neglected his business, he wouldn’t be able to give Larry a good start in life.
###Chapter 821
Chapter 821 
Finnick had to work hard so that his son would take after him as well. 
With these thoughts in mind, he decided to be extra diligent at work. 
Some time ago, some classified documents were leaked, causing a crisis for the company. Therefore, Finnick was doing all he could to fix the problem. 
A company of this scale still had to operate no matter what, and it was impossible for him to ignore the issues at work. 
On the other hand, Evelyn was busy trying to form an alliance of her own. 
She went to visit Mark who was in prison. 
“Hi, I’m here to see Mark Norton,” she informed the police at the prison before walking in. 
This was the first time Mark had a visitor in prison, but he didn’t expect his visitor to be Evelyn. 
“What are you doing here?” he asked while scrunching his brows. 
“Mark, I’m simply here to see you,” she replied in a gentle tone. 
Despite what she said, Mark didn’t believe that she would come to visit him without an agenda. 
“Just tell me what you’re here for.” He folded his arms on the table and glared at her. 
“Alright, since you said so, I’ll just go straight to the point.” Evelyn took off her glasses and looked at him solemnly.
“I need your help to destroy Finnick’s company and bring him down for good,” she said as her eyes filled with rage. 
Mark couldn’t believe his ears; he thought he had heard her wrongly. After processing her words for a moment, he realized that what he had just heard was real. 
“Why?” he questioned her. Evelyn loves Finnick to death. Why would she want to bring him down all of a sudden? Is she jilted? 
“Because I want to prove that no one else in this world loves him more than I do. Even if he lost everything, I would still love him the same,” she answered with conviction. 
Mark was shocked to know that Evelyn would go to this extent to prove her love for Finnick. 
Just how much does she love him to say something like that? 
She wants to prove that she is the one who loves Finnick the most by making him lose everything he has. 
That’s absolutely shocking. 
“Are you sure?” he questioned her again to make sure she was really serious about her plan. 
It wasn’t that he didn’t want to help her out. In fact, carrying out this plan of hers was actually to his benefit. 
Mark let out a grin as he thought about this. 
If Evelyn is really serious about this, I will definitely help her out. It’s all up to her now. 
Since she loves Finnick so deeply, she would want to fulfill this plan of hers.
However, after waiting for some time, he didn’t hear a firm answer from Evelyn. 
Just as he thought she had changed her mind, she suddenly said, “Yes, I’m sure.” 
She sounded calm and composed as though the plan had nothing to do with her. 
“Okay. Since you’re sure, let’s discuss our next steps,” Mark said as he looked at her, admiring her courage. 
Girls rarely have such courage and audacity these days. 
Moreover, if her plan gets exposed, she may face severe consequences. 
“Okay,” she muttered, then they started coming up with a detailed plan. 
In the prison, only the sounds of their whispers could be heard. 
“Let’s stick to this for now.” Mark licked his lips then turned to look at Evelyn. 
He scrutinized her every gesture, trying to figure out if she actually had the guts to complete the tasks he had given her. 
Nevertheless, the determination in her eyes surprised him. 
Mark admired the Evelyn’s courage, but all she cared about was toppling Finnick. 
“You seem pretty determined,” he said to her jokingly.
###Chapter 822
Chapter 822 
“Well, if I weren’t, I wouldn’t be here looking for you,” Evelyn said as she packed up her things and prepared to leave. 
“Wait, you’re leaving already?” Mark felt helpless when he saw her packing up. 
She comes to me for help, and now she’s leaving just like that? 
“You don’t expect me to stay here and accompany you, do you?” Evelyn was rather irritated by him. 
What am I supposed to do if I don’t leave? Accompany him in prison? 
“No.” He shook his head, then she turned and made a move. 
Mark was then sent back to his cell by the prison guard. 
The first thing Evelyn did after leaving the prison was stop by Finnick’s office to check on the situation of the company. 
A receptionist greeted her politely as she walked in, “Good day, may I have your name? Do you have an appointment?” 
As soon as Evelyn took off her sunglasses, the receptionist recognized that she was a member of the Morrison family and allowed her to enter immediately. 
Though Finnick happened to be looking for her, he wasn’t expecting her to show up at his office like this. 
She was dressed rather differently today, so he might not be able to recognize her if he saw her.
As Evelyn walked along the corridor, she took a look at the employees who were working diligently. 
Finnick was indeed a capable man, but because of his young age, he would frequently overlook certain issues. 
After today’s discussion with Mark, Evelyn knew where the company’s loopholes were. 
Although Mark was in prison, he had been well aware of the company’s shortcomings from the start, so he disclosed this information to Evelyn without any difficulty. 
He knew exactly which issues would cause the company to collapse or to bring it to greater heights. 
As a matter of fact, the most important element of a company was its employees. If employee issues were unresolved, the company would just be an empty shell. 
However, the top management of the company were not affected by this issue, so Finnick had not realized the problems brewing between his employees. 
As Evelyn observed the workers, she realized that there was absolutely no engagement or communication between them whatsoever. 
If Finnick noticed this, he would probably think that his employees were quiet because they were scared of him. 
Either that or it was because they didn’t have much to chat about. 
Even if they did have common topics to talk about, they would only exchange a few casual words. 
In essence, the biggest problem that Finnick’s company was facing was its employees. 
Evelyn planned to exacerbate this problem and make it the downfall of the company.
However, this was a difficult goal to accomplish. 
She needed to bribe one of the employees before her plan could work. 
After circling around the floor, she scouted a skinny man and called him over. 
“Hey, are you an employee of Finnor Group?” she greeted him. 
“Yes I am,” he answered as he looked at her nervously. 
Sensing that Evelyn wasn’t an easy person to deal with, he put on a defensive act. 
“Relax. I just need a small favor from you,” she said before taking out a check for thirty thousand. 
“Tell me your name.” She pushed the check towards the male employee. 
“Peter Zborowski.” His eyes glimmered as he looked at Evelyn. Although he held a decent position at Finnor Group, he came from a poor family, thus his monthly wages weren’t enough to support his entire family. 
“Now, I need you to help me…” She approached him and whispered the rest of her plan in his ears. 
As Peter caught a whiff of Evelyn’s scent, he was immediately captivated by her, and he blindly agreed to everything she said. 
This was exactly what Evelyn hoped for. 
In fact, there was a reason why she had specifically picked Peter for the task. 
The other employees wore branded clothing and often sat in noticeable places in the office. Peter, on the other hand, chose to sit by the window.
###Chapter 823
Chapter 823 
It was clear that Peter was nothing but a pawn to Evelyn. 
All she needed was an underdog who was in need of money, not someone smart. 
People would go to extreme lengths for the sake of money, and she was prepared to lure him with money. 
This was the ugly truth of today’s materialistic society. As long as she could achieve her own goals, she didn’t care about anything else. 
After an entire day of strategizing, Evelyn felt hungry, so she went to a nearby café to grab a coffee and headed to a restaurant for dinner. 
However, she bumped into someone unexpected at the café. 
“Mom, what are you doing here?” she asked when she saw Rachel sipping on a cup of mocha. 
Evelyn was absolutely stunned. Since when did my mother become so sophisticated? 
As Rachel lifted her cup of coffee, it seemed that her complexion had improved tremendously. She was not pale like what she looked like this morning. 
More importantly, she was wearing a branded suit and every gesture she made was simply elegant. 
Evelyn called out to her, but she didn’t seem to notice, so she called out louder the second time. 
“Mom.” She took a seat in front of the lady and smiled at her.
However, the lady did not acknowledge Evelyn, but instead raised her head and said, “I’m sorry Miss. I think you got the wrong person.” 
Right after that, she placed some money on the table and left. 
Evelyn was left sitting at the table dumbfounded. 
Wasn’t that my mother? If she’s not Mom, then who is she? Why does she look so much like Mom? 
She pondered over these questions for a long time, but she simply couldn’t figure it out. 
All she could do was go home and ask if Rachel had a twin sister. 
That lady looked quite rich. If she is somewhat related to my mother, maybe I could use her help one day. 
When this thought crossed her mind, she finally left and went home happily. 
Meanwhile, Vivian was feeling bored and restless at home, so she vented to Finnick. 
Finnick understood that Vivian felt bored being cooped up at home, so he agreed to take her and Larry on a short vacation. 
Upon hearing that they were going on a holiday, she immediately cheered up. 
She hadn’t gone for any vacations in a long time, so the upcoming trip definitely made her excited. 
“Tell me, where would you like to go?” Finnick offered to let Vivian decide. 
He was willing to agree to any destination she suggested.
“I want to visit Summerbank.” For some reason, Vivian really wanted to see the scenery in Summerbank. 
Though it was now summer, the weather in Summerbank was still relatively cool, making it an ideal destination for a summer holiday. 
Finnick gave it a quick thought and agreed without saying anything. 
“When should we book our flight tickets then?” she asked as she started planning for the trip in her mind. 
“You don’t need to worry about the planning. I’ll take care of it.” He found her expression rather amusing. 
Since Vivian had been cooped up at home for so long, the thought of going on a vacation excited every bone in her body. 
“Don’t just pass all the planning to Noah. Let me handle some of it too.” She simply couldn’t take another day of boredom at home. 
Ugh, Finnick still wants to let Noah handle everything. 
How much longer do I have to stay at home doing nothing? 
As Vivian started to complain, Finnick had no choice but to give in to her and allow her to take charge of the planning. 
Nevertheless, the condition was that Noah would be around to assist her. 
The next morning, Finnick found Vivian having breakfast downstairs after he freshened up.
He quickly sat down and joined her for breakfast. 
After grabbing a quick bite, he prepared to leave for the office. 
He usually brought Noah along with him to the office. But since Vivian had planning to do, he decided to leave Noah at home today.
###Chapter 824
Chapter 824 
“No way. Just take Noah with you.” 
Vivian had decided to do this on her own. Nobody else should meddle in this matter. There’s no place for Noah in this house. 
The man was on the brim of tears. What should I do now that nobody wants me? 
Finnick’s helpless voice rang just when Noah was still contemplating his options. “Alright, I’ll take him with me.” 
Right then, Noah thought that all was not lost. So, I’m not totally useless. 
Finnick took Noah away, leaving Vivian at home to pack the stuff needed for their vacation. 
Noah had sent Larry away for school early in the morning. Hence, Vivian could enjoy some quiet time to pick out everything she needed at her own pace. 
First, she needed to pack some clothes. After picking out a few outfits of her own, she proceeded to pick out a few of Finnick’s. 
Since she did not know what the man would wear, she simply picked out those to her taste. 
And at last, she picked out Larry’s and packed them all into a suitcase. 
Then, she proceeded to book the flight tickets online. 
However, to her dismay, there were no seats left. Every flight was fully booked. 
How are we going on a vacation then?
Finnick knew that the woman would have thought of everything. Hence, he did not ask if she needed any more help. 
Since she had promised to do the hard work, Vivian vowed that she would toughen her scalp and walk her talk. 
She tried to contact other airlines but to no avail. 
The woman started to get exasperated at this point. Now that there are no more flight tickets, do we have to cancel the trip? 
There’s no freaking way I’m going to do that. I’d better think of a better solution. 
The woman browsed online for solutions to her problem. Then, she stumbled upon someone trying to sell three round-trip air tickets to Summerbank. 
Vivian hurriedly contacted the seller after coming across the advertisement. 
“Hi there. I’d like to ask if the tickets are still available?” 
“Yes, ma’am.” 
She had thought that it would take the seller some time to confirm the availability. Unexpectedly, the seller replied her in a heartbeat. 
“What about the price?” The woman thought it was better to ask for the price upfront. 
It was normal for the prices to get marked up during this peak travel season. She was planning on aborting the plan if the prices were ridiculously increased. 
Just when Vivian was racking her brains on how to negotiate a better price, the seller replied to her immediately.
“We are offering the same price as the airline itself.” 
There’s nothing else to consider. I should just get it right away. 
“Do you support cash on delivery?” Vivian asked. 
She wanted to play safe since there were a lot of scammers around. 
“Yes, ma’am.” 
Vivian sent over her address, phone number and name to the seller afterward. 
“Please deliver them as soon as possible. Thank you.” 
It’s going to be meaningless if this arrives after the consecutive holidays. 
“Don’t worry, we will deliver them tonight.” The seller reassured her. 
Vivian was taken aback by the efficiency of it all. They’re going to deliver it on the same day? 
She thought the seller was just joking and did not pay heed to him. 
Everything else was ready, except the air tickets. 
She fetched Larry home in the afternoon and started to brief him about the things to look out for on their trip. 
Larry was attentive to his mother and was thrilled about the vacation. Soon, night fell. 
Vivian had put Larry to sleep, but Finnick was still not home. 
The woman started to get worried about her husband. Where is he? Why isn’t he back yet?
I’d better call him and ask, rather than sitting around and worrying about him. 
A woman’s voice rang, “The person you’re trying to call is unavailable. Please try again later.” 
Vivian hung up and decided to just wait for her husband to come home. 
“What’s the matter with Finnick? I can’t seem to reach him these days.” Vivian’s brain went into overdrive to come up with a viable explanation as to why her husband was not responding.
###Chapter 825
Chapter 825 
Vivian thought back to the time when she couldn’t find Finnick back then. It was the time when he was planning to propose to me. What is he trying to pull this time? 
Is he preparing some sort of surprise for me? 
He had just promised to bring us to Summerbank for a trip. What other surprise could he come up with? 
I’m probably overthinking this. Finnick might really have something else to deal with right now. 
Vivian then recalled a post that she saw online: Your man is probably shacking up with someone if you can’t find him. 
Even though she had considered that a possibility, she dismissed the notion right away, ridiculing herself for entertaining that stupid idea. Finnick is not that kind of man. 
I should just wait for him right here since I can’t reach him anyway. 
She watched TV on the sofa for some time. Then, the doorbell rang. 
Furrowing her brows, she remembered that Finnick had brought his keys before he headed out today. Besides, they only required fingerprints to unlock their door anyway. 
She glanced out the window and noticed that a man was standing outside. He had a cap on and was wearing a mask. It was difficult to discern his features. 
Vivian was thinking whether she should open the door for the man, and asked who he was from the gap of the door.
“Delivery,” the man replied with an odd voice. However, Vivian paid no heed to him. 
No wonder they can promise same-day delivery for the air tickets. They’re working day and night to deliver to their customers! 
Vivian opened the door to let the delivery guy in. 
“Let me check the tickets.” Since the seller supported cash on delivery, Vivian thought it was better for her to check and verify the tickets received before paying. 
“Vivian…” Just when she asked the delivery guy to let her check the tickets, the man called out her name. 
Stumped, she eyeballed the delivery guy before her. 
How does he know who I am? I did not reveal my real name to the seller. 
His voice sounds so familiar… 
She snapped out of her thoughts and knew exactly who the man was. 
Vivian took off his cap and face mask, and a disarmingly handsome face appeared before her. 
The woman knew who the man was already, but was still stunned after taking off his face mask. 
“Finnick, why…” Vivian thought she had gotten the tickets all on her own. 
However, she did not expect that the seller was actually Finnick. 
She looked at the man, waiting for him to offer an explanation.
“I noticed that you couldn’t get the tickets, so I just thought I should help you out.” Finnick changed his shoes by the shoe cabinet and led her to the living room to sit on the sofa. 
“You promised to let me handle everything this time.” Vivian was initially overjoyed for taking care of everything on her own but was slightly let down by the truth. 
“There, there. Everything is alright now.” Finnick coaxed her. 
“Actually, Noah bought these tickets. So, I didn’t actually buy them myself.” Finnick cast a glance at Noah at one side and winked at the man. 
Noah, who was standing aside, tried hard to hold in his laughter. Vivian actually knew Noah would be the one getting the tickets but did not wish to say anything about it. 
“Then, you handle the rest of the trip.” She had packed everything that she could, and thought it was best to let Finnick handle the rest. 
“Sure.” Finnick nodded and ordered Noah to take care of it. 
Despite Noah’s past mistakes, the man had not done anything wrong recently. Hence, Finnick decided to move on and put everything behind his head. 
Meanwhile, Evelyn’s plan was going on smoothly. A carefully planned ‘accident’ was in place. 
Soon, Vivian’s long-anticipated holiday arrived, and Larry had gotten three days off from school as well. 
The little family had gotten up early in the morning to prepare for their ten o’clock flight to Summerbank. 
Finnick initially wanted to book first-class seats. However, Finnick had deliberately booked economy class to let Vivian better enjoy the experience instead.
###Chapter 826
Chapter 826 
Vivian was very pleased with Finnick’s arrangement. 
She showered him with praises, and the man accepted it all graciously. 
“Daddy, Mommy, look. What are the two dogs doing?” Larry noticed two dogs in heat on their way to the airport and asked his parents out of curiosity. 
Stumped, Vivian did not know how to answer her child. Helpless, she turned to look at her husband for help in the matter. 
“Dogs, like us humans, like Mommy and Daddy, will find someone they love when they reach a certain age, and that’s what we do when we fall in love. Larry, you will find your girl, and you will fall in love with her when you grow up.” 
Finnick thought that it was no need to beat around the bush, and dished it out straight to Larry without stammering. 
Larry will know about birds and the bees sooner or later, and it’s best that he hears it from us anyway. 
After listening to her husband’s explanation, Vivian nodded and let him be. 
After all, Vivian was confident that Larry would turn out to be someone with great achievement in the future. 
Vivian could not help but wonder if she was the only mother thinking so highly of her own child. Do all mothers think the same of their own children? 
Soon, the plane took off. Larry knew that it was his second time on a plane.
He had been on a plane when they came back from A Nation. 
The boy enjoyed these rides, thinking that the view out the window was like a giant TV, and the greeneries down below were like candies to his eyes. 
“Daddy, Mommy, why do we have to turn off our phones?” 
Larry started to ask questions after listening to the stewardess’ announcement. 
The boy still could not speak when he was on his first ride from A Nation back to Sunshine City. However, now that he had grown up to be a curious little boy, it was normal for him to ask questions. 
“Because we don’t want the radio interferences of cell phones to affect the navigation system of the plane,” Finnick replied Larry with language that he assumed the boy would understand. 
Afraid that his son still did not understand, Finnick asked again, “Do you understand what I said?” 
“Yes.” Larry gave Finnick an OK gesture, indicating that he understood what his father meant perfectly. 
Vivian burst into a chuckle at her son’s gesture as she found it much too adorable. 
Larry had even winked at them both. 
This made Vivian wonder if she had mistaken Larry’s gender. 
Is he secretly a little girl? 
However, it was just a silly little notion. Her little pumpkin was indubitably a little boy. 
She cast a glance at her husband and noticed that he was laughing too. 
Unknowingly, her husband was actually stealing a glance at her too.
His next sentence made Vivian roll her eyes at the man. 
“Why? You cannot go without staring at me for one second?” 
A hint of mischievous glint fleeted across the man’s face as he asked. 
It was so brief that Vivian was not able to catch onto it. 
“Yeah, right.” Vivian fished out the magazine that she had brought from home and started to flip through it afterward. 
Vivian knew she could not use her phone on the plane, and she wanted some time off from her phone screen anyway. Hence, she brought along a few magazines to kill time. 
She was thinking that maybe she could even read some of the good ones to Larry as his bedtime story. 
Noticing that his wife was flipping through her magazines, Finnick hugged Larry and shut his eyes to take a rest. 
Since Larry was way too little to stay in his own seat, Finnick thought it was best for his son to stay with him. 
The man thought that the seatbelt was not sufficient to stop his son from tumbling down in his sleep. 
The three of them spent some time on the plane and had only realized that they had reached their destination after the plane had landed.
###Chapter 827
Chapter 827 
When Vivian was immersed in an interesting article, it was already time to get off the plane. 
The plane landed safely. After they had gotten all their stuff, the little family alighted the plane. 
With their luggage in their hands, the little family headed to their pre-booked hotel. 
It was booked by Vivian. She had no idea which was a better stay, and in the end, the woman decided to go for a five-star hotel that looked quite decent and clean. 
However, to their dismay, Finnick and Vivian could not seem to locate the hotel after some time. 
In the end, Finnick called a cab and the cab driver became their GPS. 
“Mister, we’d like to head to I-DO Hotel.” Vivian carried Larry and got into the car as she told the driver where they were headed. 
“You guys are heading to I-DO? Really?” The cab driver was visibly taken aback by Vivian’s request as he looked at her like she was an alien. 
“What’s the matter with I-DO Hotel?” Vivian asked. She had never been to Summerbank, and the woman had only booked the hotel out of a whim. 
Why is the cab driver’s reaction so odd? 
Vivian could not help but think that the hotel that she had booked was infamously worn-down or something. 
“No- nothing,” the cab driver stammered and replied. He stepped on the pedal and headed toward their hotel.
“Daddy, Mommy. What are we going to do later at night?” It was only noon as they had been on the plane for a few hours. 
What are we going to do at night if we take an afternoon nap later? 
Larry knew that he wouldn’t be able to fall asleep later at night if he were to take a nap in the afternoon. 
“What about if we don’t take a nap later and just take a rest at the hotel? That way, we can sleep better at night.” 
Vivian knew what was on her son’s mind, and suggested a solution that would suit everyone. 
“Sure.” Larry smiled at Vivian and snuggled in her embrace. 
It only took them less than half an hour to reach the hotel as the cab driver had stepped on the accelerator. 
The hotel was not at all worn down as Vivian had expected. 
The woman smiled at the sight of their stay and tipped the cab driver. 
The driver seemed like he wanted to say something but in the end, he bit his tongue and said nothing before driving away. 
After getting to the lobby, Vivian could not help but notice that the crowd was not at all to her expectation. It was an underwhelming crowd considering that it was actually peak vacation season due to the consecutive holidays. 
Both Vivian and Finnick had noticed the odd crowd at the hotel which was what they did not anticipate. 
Could it be that the hotel is a stay that is too luxurious for many? Or that not many people know about the hotel?
Their questions could only be answered by the hotel receptionist. 
Vivian walked over to the reception to clear her doubts but soon noticed that there was no receptionist on duty. 
She looked around but still there was no one in sight. 
Stumped, she turned around to her husband, hoping that he could help solve her trouble. 
However, her husband appeared to be quite surprised and rushed to her side and held her hands. 
“Vivian, are you alright?” Finnick eyeballed his wife but noticed nothing odd with her. 
He heaved a sigh of relief after confirming that she was alright. Vivian, however, was stunned by her husband’s odd demeanor. 
What’s the matter with Finnick? 
Just when Vivian cast a doubtful glance at Finnick, her husband stared at the reception area, saying nothing. 
Tracing his gaze, Vivian glanced in the same direction and was taken aback. 
There was nobody around just moments ago. Where did she appear from? 
Startled by the sudden appearance of the receptionist, Vivian could not help but think that her eyes had tricked her. 
Of course, her eyes did not fail her because Finnick did not see anyone previously as well.
“I’m sorry for startling the two of you. I was picking up something under the desk just now and did not notice you guys coming in.” 
The receptionist apologized for her abrupt appearance and felt guilty for frightening them. 
Vivian thought she was imagining things. However, the sight of the thick powder on the receptionist’s face still made her feel uneasy. 
Vivian was not one to poke into other people’s business, let alone commenting on other people’s choices of styles. 
Finnick tugged at her hand and shook his head at her. Vivian merely smiled and strode forward. 
“Hi, I’m just curious as to why there is not much crowd here at your hotel since it’s the peak season for travel?”
###Chapter 828
Chapter 828 
Compared with other hotels which were bustling with people, it was not an understatement to say that I-DO Hotel was deserted without a soul in sight. 
“It’s considered normal here, Miss. Our hotel is a five-star hotel after all, and not many people who visit Summerbank are willing to splurge on a luxurious stay here. Besides, our hotel is in a rather secluded location. Miss, I don’t suppose that you’ve seen a five-star hotel being crowded with people. Am I right?” 
The receptionist explained the phenomenon that Vivian found odd, but she found her explanation quite viable. 
“Yes, the ones we’ve seen crowded with people were not five-star hotels, I suppose.” Vivian recalled the hotels that she had seen on the way here. Even though the hotels looked decent, they were not five-star hotels as advertised online. 
“Yes, that’s why our hotel is not as crowded as you’d expect, Miss.” The receptionist managed a reassuring wide smile, a standard smile that a receptionist would give customers. 
“Please book a deluxe suite for three nights, then.” Vivian handed over her card to the receptionist. 
“Sure.” The receptionist gave Vivian another smile and proceeded with the booking. 
“It’s done. Your room number is 55218,” said the receptionist as she handed over Vivian’s card back to her. 
“Mommy, are you sure you want to stay here?” Larry asked, as he found the place to be quite peculiar. 
However, he could not seem to pinpoint what was wrong.
“Yeah, what’s wrong with this place?” Vivian asked, well aware of what was on her son’s mind. 
She was planning on staying at a different hotel if I-DO Hotel was not to Larry’s liking. 
Since Summerbank was a tourist hotspot, it would not be difficult to look for a place to stay. 
“It’s fine.” Even though Larry found the place to be quite strange, he did not detest the idea of staying there. Besides, it would be troublesome to look for another place to stay anyway. 
“Alright, then let’s take a look at our room since we’ve already gotten the card.” 
Vivian had browsed through the different types of rooms the hotel offered online, and she had found all the rooms aesthetically pleasing. 
Hence, she was excited to see how the room that she had booked would turn out. 
Vivian found the wooden floorboards that creaked under her steps reassuring and pleasing. 
The moment she opened the door to the room, a pungent smell filled their noses. 
It was apparent that the room had not been occupied for some time. 
Stumped at the sight of the interior of the room, Vivian shrieked, “What the hell?” 
The photos she had seen online were a far cry from the actual room that she had booked. 
Vivian found the dirty floorboards, dusty desks, and repulsive odor repugnant, to say the least. 
There was even red underwear hung over the lamp… 
The woman was rendered speechless.
Why is there such a huge discrepancy between the actual hotel stay and the photos? 
I should have read the reviews before deciding to come here. 
I don’t think that the underwhelming crowd is due to this hotel being a five-star hotel either. 
How is this labeled as a five-star hotel on the Internet anyway? 
However, Vivian knew that some devious businessmen would actually collude with review sites online to falsely advertise their business. 
This hotel was the perfect illustration of a fake advertisement between the hotel owner and the booking site that Vivian was on. 
Besides, there had to be more victims like Vivian out there. 
Vivian could not be blamed entirely in the matter anyway. Of course, she had not done due diligence in looking for a stay, but the booking site also had to take responsibility for being deceitful. 
Furious, she dashed downstairs and demanded for an explanation from the receptionist. “I want to see the manager.” 
Vivian could not help but wonder what kind of person would manage the hotel so poorly.
###Chapter 829
Chapter 829 
I’d really like to see the genius who is managing this God-forsaken hotel. 
Vivian was burning with fury for being toyed with and had to meet the manager to vent her anger. 
“I’m the manager. Is there anything I can help you with?” Unexpectedly, the receptionist just now was actually the manager of the hotel as well. 
Vivian was bemused. With the manager looking like this, it’s no wonder that the hotel is in this kind of quandary. 
Her lips curled into a mocking smile. “Since you’re the boss, I’d like to ask that you manage your business properly. Please don’t resort to trickery. It does no good to anyone, including yourself. You’re actually scamming people with the huge discrepancy between your advertisement and the actual room that you’re providing. I can report you, you know.” 
Vivian slammed the hotel card that the manager handed over to her and turned on her heel, taking Larry with her. 
Finnick’s lips curled into a slight smile as he trailed behind his wife. 
It had been a while since his wife had thrown a tantrum like this. She looks so adorable today. 
“Mommy, don’t be so angry. Let’s go to another hotel.” 
Noticing that his mother was in a fit of rage, Larry tugged lightly at the corners of her shirt. 
“Alright, I’m okay now. Let’s head to another hotel.”
Vivian managed a smile at Larry and Finnick. Then, she took Larry’s hands in hers and decided to look for a new place to stay. 
Since this was their first trip after getting back together, Vivian thought it was best to just put this behind them. 
The little family garnered a lot of attention from onlookers, especially women. 
Some of them were charmed by Larry’s cute demeanor, but the majority were actually beguiled by Finnick’s charming look. 
Vivian could not help but roll her eyes. Feeling helpless, she noticed that Finnick had always managed to enthrall women everywhere he went. 
Hence, she could only speed up to get away from the women’s swooning stares. 
In the end, they settled for a stay that was not a five-star hotel but was leaps and bounds better than I- DO Hotel. They booked a presidential suite and headed upstairs to unpack their luggage. 
It had been a long flight, and the little family was in need of a really good rest, especially Larry. 
Since he was just a child, the boy was most susceptible from being tuckered out from the long flight. 
Hence, his parents decided to just let him take a quick nap before having their dinner. 
At night, Larry was sandwiched between Vivian and Finnick. 
The little boy had fallen asleep while Finnick and Vivian were still awake as both of them stared at the ceiling. 
The woman replayed the incident that happened during the day and decided that it was time for her to be more attentive in small details.
Otherwise, I can really set myself up for serious trouble. 
It’s only a hotel this time. What about next time? 
What if it’s something very important? 
With the thought in mind, the woman vowed to be more vigilant in the future. 
All of a sudden, Vivian asked her husband if he thought she was dumb. Finnick cast a glance at his wife and smiled, “Of course not, silly.” 
To err is human, Vivian. No one is perfect. 
After listening to her husband, Vivian said no more and went to sleep after muttering goodnight to him. 
The little family fell into a deep slumber without dreams. 
Despite the unhappy incident earlier in the day, they were able to enjoy a peaceful night of rest unplagued by nightmares. 
Vivian was trying hard to forget the even more embarrassing incident. All she needed was time. 
Time was the best antidote to forgetting someone. 
Just give it some time. 
The next day, Vivian and Finnick woke up early in the morning. After greeting each other, Larry’s voice rang. 
“Good morning, Mommy and Daddy.”
“Good morning, little pumpkin.” Glancing at the time, Vivian realized that it was only seven thirty in the morning. 
“Yes, you guys are up early too.” Larry’s school time was around eight o’clock, and the boy had already cultivated the habit of waking up early.
###Chapter 830
Chapter 830 
“Let’s wash up and have breakfast then,” said Finnick as he glanced at his son. Just when the man wanted to change Larry’s clothes, he was rejected by his son. 
“The teacher at school said that we have to do things on our own. I want to change myself.” 
The little boy dismissed his father’s hand and proceeded to put on clothes on himself. 
Finnick was proud of Larry for taking the initiative. 
His kindergarten teacher’s effort was not in vain. 
“Alright, little pumpkin. Your mom and I will go wash up then.” The man headed to the bathroom after seeing that Larry could handle himself perfectly well. 
Vivian was already brushing her teeth in the bathroom. The man circled his wife from behind and said, “Vivian.” 
“Uh-huh.” The woman was brushing her teeth and mumbled her response. 
“Let me help you,” Finnick said as he grabbed her toothbrush and started to brush her teeth. 
He was really good at it, and Vivian felt like it was a pleasure. 
Soon, they were done brushing her teeth. After rinsing her mouth, Vivian planned to head outside. 
However, she was stopped by Finnick. The man cast a hopeful glance at her. 
“What’s the matter?” Vivian was still in a daze after just waking up from a good night’s sleep. Naturally, she was oblivious to her husband’s signals.
Upset from her wife’s lack of response, Finnick looked dejected. 
Noticing that his wife truly did not understand what he meant, Finnick said helplessly, “I mean, I’ve helped you brush your teeth.” The man then thought he made himself clear. 
However, what Vivian was about to say rendered him speechless. 
“So?” 
“So, you have to brush my teeth too.” 
Finnick decided to cut to the chase. Otherwise, he would have to keep the little woman guessing all day. 
“Oh, I see.” Vivian finally caught up with her husband. 
Excited at the prospect of Vivian brushing his teeth, Finnick’s face split into a wide grin. However, Vivian’s words dampened his mood yet again. 
“Brush it on your own.” 
The woman turned around to leave right after, leaving Finnick despondent as he glanced at his wife’s back. 
At the thought of their upcoming schedule that day, the man regained his composure and hurried up. 
After Vivian bathed Larry, the three of them went down for breakfast. 
“Vivian, what are you planning to do later?” Finnick asked as he glanced at his wife, excited for what was coming up. 
“I’m thinking of going to the amusement park.”
Finnick’s face sank after listening to Vivian. 
“Vivian, how about if we go horse riding? There’s an amusement park everywhere we go. Why are we coming so far just to go to an amusement park?” 
The man was trying to talk his wife out of going to the park as he cast a glance at his son. 
Finnick winked, signaling at his son to help him out. 
Vivian did not know how to ride a horse, and he was thinking to bond with her when riding the horse later. 
“Alright, horse riding it is,” Vivian said, echoing with her husband’s opinion about going horse riding. 
Larry was going to back his mother up, but bit his tongue when he heard Vivian agreeing to Finnick’s suggestion. 
The little family had a scrumptious breakfast to fuel themselves for the horse riding activity later on. 
“Finnick, let’s book that car there,” suggested Vivian when they were looking for a ride to the horse riding place. She had her eye on a carriage ride. 
The woman had always fancied everything antique, and the carriage ride struck a chord with her immediately. 
Finnick had already taken a look at the map in the morning. Their hotel was actually quite near to the grassland. Hence, the carriage ride could be a viable option. 
The man was thinking of killing two birds with one stone—hitching a ride to the grassland while fulfilling his wife’s wish.
A carriage ride was starkly different from that of a car. 
Carriages would sway from side to side while cars bumped up and down. It was normal considering carriages were pulled manually after all.
###Chapter 831
Chapter 831 
Vivian did not mind the carriage swaying left and right as they went. 
They were lucky that the grassland was not far from the hotel. Otherwise, they were only able to reach the grassland after night fell. 
After reaching the grassland, Vivian got off the carriage, with Larry tagging along her side. 
Finnick paid for the ride and trailed after the two. 
As a result of the woman trotting along from being too excited, the man found it hard to catch up to them. 
In the end, he had to jog to keep up with his wife and son. 
Finnick thought it was best that he kept close to his wife and son, considering that they were in an unfamiliar place. 
After strolling around for some time, the man whistled at the grassland, signaling for the staff to bring along horses for Vivian and himself. 
A man on horse strode toward them. 
“Mister, would you like to ride a horse?” The middle-aged man had a few grey strands in his hair, but appeared quite spirited. 
One look and it was apparent that the man had spent most of his days on a horse’s back. 
“Yes,” Finnick replied, and asked the man to take them to the stable before changing their clothes.
“Wow, they’re so beautiful.” Vivian could not help but be amazed when they reached the stable. 
She had her eye on a white horse and thought that Finnick would look dashing riding a white horse, that even Prince Charming would no match for her husband. 
“This one then,” Finnick said as he spotted the horse that Vivian had her eyes on. The animal looked tame and docile, even brushing itself against Vivian. 
It was evident that the horse liked her. 
He took over the equestrian apparel from the middle-aged man for himself and Vivian, and they went into a room to change. 
As for Larry, there was no equestrian apparel that would suit him since he was too young. Hence, he just wore plain clothes. 
Finnick changed into an all-white apparel. The clothing brought out his noble vibe, accentuating his perfect figure. 
“How do I look? Dashing?” Finnick teased Vivian when he noticed his wife ogling him. 
Vivian blushed crimson red and said nothing. 
Noticing that his wife was shy, he could not bring himself to keep teasing her. The man then glanced at his wife. 
The white equestrian apparel hugged her figure tight and brought out her alluring curves. 
What a charming woman and don’t miss her figure. 
Vivian noticed her husband’s unwavering stare and glanced at him.
“What are you looking at?” It was a rhetorical question. She was well aware of where his attention was diverted. 
She just wanted him to avert his gaze. 
“Nothing.” The man snapped out of this thought as his lips curved into an enigmatic smile. 
Finnick held his son’s hand, and led the horse to the grassland. 
The three of them rode the same horse, with Larry sandwiched between Vivian in the front and Finnick at the back. 
However, the saddle was too crowded. Hence, Finnick decided to let Vivian and Larry take turns in riding the horse with him. 
Larry went first. Since he was still young, he dared not go fast. 
The horse strolled along on the grassland, and the little boy would initially clutch onto Finnick apprehensively, nervous from being on the horse. 
It did not take the boy too long to get used to the experience, and he was visibly relaxed the second time Finnick rode with him. 
Finnick was especially pleased with his son. 
He had high hopes for his boy, and was cultivating him to become his successor in the future. 
Nevertheless, he was beyond delighted when he noticed his son’s bold and adventurous side.
###Chapter 832
Chapter 832 
Since Larry was leaps and bounds ahead of himself when he was the same age, Finnick was certain that his son would grow up to outperform him and become an excellent successor to his business. 
With the thought in mind, Finnick quickened his pace. Again, Larry only took a little time to get used to the increasing speed and started to cheer his father on. 
The father-son duo both enjoyed the ride on the vast grassland. 
They relished in the care moment as they broke from the shackles of the city. 
This was the reason Finnick had wanted to bring Larry and Vivian here. 
Not only could he relax himself, but he could also make his wife and son happy. 
The man struck his whip and strode a few rounds before letting Larry off the horse. 
Finnick wanted to take Vivian for a few rounds before bringing his family to lunch. 
It had been three hours after they arrived at the horse riding club, and it was almost lunch time as well. 
However, he wanted to ride a few rounds with Vivian and asked Larry to wait for them patiently aside. 
He initially thought that his son would be exasperated from having to wait for them. To his surprise, Larry cheered when he heard that they were going for a few more rounds. 
“Mommy, Daddy, go go go!” 
The little boy actually enjoyed seeing his parents interacting and being all lovey-dovey with each other. 
It pleased him to see his parents showing affection for each other.
Finnick was delighted to see that his son was supportive of his decision and spun a few more rounds with Vivian. 
Larry sat on a bench as he waited for them. 
“Vivian, how do you feel?” Finnick circled her from behind and rested his chin on her shoulder. 
His lips was almost brushing against her nape. 
Vivian could not help but roll her eyes at him. What does he mean by how do I feel? 
Isn’t he supposed to lead me? 
Even though the horse was still perfectly in his control, she could not help but wonder if he was riding a horse or trying to get intimate with her. 
The woman kept mum. 
Knowing what her silence meant, he struck his whip, sending the horse galloping in the wind. 
Initially, Finnick had wanted to let his wife sit behind him as he did not wish for the gushing wind to cause her any discomfort. 
However, Vivian insisted to sit in the front to enjoy the refreshing breeze blowing on her face, and Finnick relented. 
Besides, it would be harder for him to ensure her safety if she was behind him anyway. 
They galloped on the grassland, leaps, and bounds faster than when Finnick was riding with Larry.
Vivian’s face split into a wide grin as the breeze brushed past her face. Her unrestrained hair fell back with the wind, forming an entrancing sight. 
However, the alluring sight was not without its drawback. Finnick’s face was hurting from her hair swatting against his face. 
Despite the man saying nothing, Vivian knew that her flowing hair was causing a nuisance. She removed the scrunchie on her wrist and tied her hair back. 
The man immediately felt a widening in his field of vision. He clamped down on the horse’s two sides and set off into the wind, stirring up dust behind him. 
“Finnick, let me off.” 
Vivian tugged on her husband’s shirt and raised an octave. 
She wanted to get off because Larry was still waiting for them. Besides, she was already a little hungry. My little pumpkin must be famished right now. 
Moreover, Finnick who had been doing all the hard work must be starving too. 
Finnick handed their equestrian apparel back to the middle-aged man and returned him the horse.
###Chapter 833
Chapter 833 
By the time Vivian was done changing her clothes, Finnick was done with the payment. They sorted out their things and headed for a restaurant. 
They took a carriage ride here earlier because Vivian fancied it. Besides, they were not in a rush. 
However, now that everyone was famished, a carriage ride was not a good idea. 
Finnick planned to call a cab instead. 
The sun started to scorch as the temperature rose, but there was no cab in sight. 
“What’s the matter?” Vivian’s stomach had been rumbling. 
“Are you guys waiting for a cab? You’d better give it up. There’s no cab around here.” 
The two of them turned around, and noticed that it was the middle-aged man from the horse riding club. 
“No cab around here? Then, how do tourists head back to their hotel?” 
Finnick was stumped at the lack of cab services around the area. Well, aren’t they missing out on a huge business opportunity. 
I thought this is a well-known horse riding club. How come they do not offer any cab services around here? 
Finnick looked at the middle-aged man with a puzzled look on his face and asked, “Since there is no cab around here, how are we supposed to head back to our hotel?”
The first course of action was to get back to their hotel and find a restaurant nearby so that they could have a scrumptious meal. 
Vivian was hit hard by her hunger pangs and she started feeling dizzy. 
“How did you guys come here?” The middle-aged man was bemused. They could have just gone back in the same cab that sent them here earlier. 
“We came here on a carriage ride,” Vivian replied. 
“Well, you guys should have asked the carriage ride to come to pick you up.” 
The man sighed. “It has always been this way around here. Otherwise, no cab will stop to pick up passengers around here.” 
Even though the horse riding club was quite famous, it was situated in a secluded area with a scattered population. 
Hence, it had become an unspoken rule among the locals. 
At the sight of the young couple with a child, the middle-aged man reckoned that they were first-timer tourists and definitely not from around the area. 
As a consequence, they were stranded here. 
“Uncle, is there a restaurant around here?” 
While Vivian and Finnick were racking their brains for a solution, Larry posed a question to the man. 
“Yes, of course,” the man replied as he nodded with pride. 
“The food around here is delicious, and even I’m a regular there.”
There was a restaurant nearby that was famed for its good food, but it mainly served lamb and alcohol. 
Most people enjoyed the food there, but there were some that disliked the taste as they could not get used to the diet of the locals. 
“If that’s the case, why don’t we just eat here, Mommy and Daddy?” Larry interrupted his parent’s discussion and suggested. 
The two agreed with him as there was no other better option. Hence, they could only ask the middle- aged man to lead the way. 
Vivian had already booked a cab online while they were talking. It will arrive at four o’clock and fetch them back to the hotel. 
“Vivian.” Finnick walked to her side and called out her name. 
“Hmm?” Vivian answered. 
“Nothing.” 
“Okay.” 
The uncle trailing behind the two curled into a smile watching the two. 
The three of them reached the restaurant soon, and the man bade them goodbye before heading home. 
Vivian almost could not stifle her laughter at the sight of the name of the restaurant. 
It reminded her of the allegedly five-star I-DO Hotel.
The restaurant was called Forget Me Not Restaurant. The name alone was enough to make Vivian want to steer clear of it. 
However, she relented and gave in to her rumbling stomach. In the end, she stepped foot inside the restaurant holding Larry’s hand.
###Chapter 834
Chapter 834 
Finnick had noticed his wife trying to stifle her laughter, and the man could not help but burst into a chuckle at the sight of her. 
Noticing that he was about to fall behind, the man hurriedly trailed behind them. 
Vivian and Finnick would pay close attention to the surroundings whenever they entered an unfamiliar place. 
The restaurant owner approached them as they confirmed that there was nothing peculiar about the place. 
“Hello, what would the two of you like to have? This is the menu. Please take a look.” 
There weren’t particularly a lot of serving staff around since the place would only be crowded during peak travel season. 
“Thank you.” Vivian took over the menu and found a place nearby the window. 
The other customers were seemingly enjoying their food. Vivian said nothing after she took note of it. 
She ordered a few dishes before passing the menu to Finnick and Larry. 
The three of them were starving, and quickly picked out their food without fussing over it. 
The owner dropped their order at the kitchen as the three of them took their seats. 
Hungry as hogs, the little family said nothing as they sat and stare at each other in silence. 
Their food was served in a jiffy, despite the restaurant bustling with patrons.
It seemed like they had much better help in the kitchen. 
Vivian could no longer resist the temptation and devoured her food. 
Both Vivian and Finnick had ordered medium spiced food while Larry could only ordered slightly spiced one as he was still too young. 
She found the food quite to her liking and her previous trepidation dissipated into thin air. 
The taste was exquisite. If the restaurant was at a more strategic location, Vivian was certain that the restaurant would be even more well known. 
However, sourcing for lamb would be an issue though since they wouldn’t be able to source fresh lamb if they decided to move away from the grassland. 
Well, it would have to depend on the owner’s vision for his restaurant, whether he wanted to gain more popularity, or he just wanted to run a small business. 
Vivian reined her thoughts back to herself after realizing that she was worrying about things that essentially had nothing to do with her. 
Snapping herself out of her thoughts, she filled Larry’s plate with food. 
Larry needs a lot of nutritious food so that he can grow well. 
Fortunately, Vivian had always paid extra attention to his nutrition, and the boy turned out well. 
Moreover, Larry was not a picky eater, which was atypical of kids his age. Even some adults were really fussy with their food. 
Finnick tapped her head lightly as he cast a glance at his wife. “Food for your thoughts?”
Then, he reached out and wiped away the bread crumbs on the side of her lips. 
She touched where Finnick had knocked on for a bit, then continued to focus on her food. 
Finnick noticed that he had been eyeing Vivian so intently that her every move went unnoticed in his eyes. 
Is this what true love feels like? Otherwise, there’s no other way to explain why I’m so captivated by this woman. 
Finnick chuckled to himself. When he thought about how they had to get back to the hotel before dark, the man hurriedly focused on his food. 
It was still early, and the little family need not rush. 
Finnick placed a stack of cash on the table after they were done dining, and headed out together with his wife and son. 
“Is our ride here yet?” Finnick asked Vivian. 
The woman was unsure either, and could only ask if the driver was about to arrive through the application. 
Judging from the location that the driver sent over, it wouldn’t take him long to pick up the family.
###Chapter 835
Chapter 835 
The grassland denied entry of cars, and the family could only walk outside where the driver could pick them up. 
The driver would have arrived at the pickup point by the time they reached there. 
They took it as an after-meal exercise instead of feeling dejected over having to walk the distance. 
“Vivian, are you tired?” The three of them strolled along the grassland. 
Finnick was especially pleased with the relaxing pace, but the man was worried that his wife and son might not feel the same. 
“What about you, Larry?” 
Even though he was still a kid, Larry was full of energy. 
Hence, Finnick had asked his wife first before asking his son. 
“I’m alright,” she said as she cupped her cheeks. There was no sweat. Then, she waved her hands to dismiss her husband’s worries. 
“I’m not tired if Mommy isn’t.” The kid’s innocent remark made his parents chuckle. 
Amused, Vivian cast a glance at her son. Isn’t he the youngest here? 
The way he’s putting it, it’s as if I’m weaker than him. 
As they walked along, the family joked and discussed their schedule tomorrow.
“I want to go…” Vivian gave it some thought, and realized that there was nowhere in particular that she wanted to go, and she turned to glance at Finnick instead. 
Horse riding was Finnick’s idea, and it had been a fun day. Hence, she was planning to let her husband decide their schedule for tomorrow too. 
“Larry, where would you like to go?” Finnick asked for his son’s opinion, even though the latter was still young. 
Finnick thought his son may be young but that did not mean that the little boy had no opinion of his own. 
Hence, he thought of asking his son’s two cents on the matter. 
Larry did not disappoint his father and answered, “I’d like to go to visit those vintage buildings. 
Like his mother, he also fancied everything vintage. 
However, there was still a minor difference between the things that they liked. 
Larry was more keen on buildings while Vivian appreciated decors. 
Finnick thought maybe because their gender that had brought about the difference. 
“Sure, then let’s visit those vintage buildings.” Finnick was pleased with his son’s suggestions. 
Larry’s face split into a wide grin after his father acknowledged his suggestions. 
To be able to find joy in little things was an essential lesson in life. Otherwise, one might get engulfed in the vortex of their own insatiable desires. 
It was a pity that Evelyn was a victim of her own greed.
Finnick dismissed his thoughts and focused on the joyful moment his little family was having. 
“Our ride is here.” The family spotted a cab honking at them not far away. 
“Excuse me, are you Mr. Trebek?” Vivian went ahead and asked the driver. 
“Hello, I am.” The driver then confirmed that Vivian was his customer. 
“Please get into the car.” He turned his attention to Finnick at one side. The two men nodded at each other as a polite gesture. 
“We are finally in the car. Are you tired, Larry?” Vivian asked, tuckered out from the horse riding all morning. 
“I am so happy!” The boy beamed. 
Vivian relished the soft cushion seat in the car. 
If there was a bed, she was certain that she would doze off right away. 
“Vivian, do you want to take a rest?” Finnick reached out and signaled his wife to take a rest in his embrace. 
Vivian welcomed his gesture and leaned in his arms. The woman closed her eyes and planned to take a rest. 
However, just when she was about to fall asleep, Finnick’s phone rang.
###Chapter 836
Chapter 836 
Vivian opened her eyes and noticed that Finnick had picked up the call. His face grew stern and the air went still as moments went by. 
The woman could not help but shudder despite the blazing summer weather. 
After hanging up the call, Finnick turned to look at Vivian with a grim look on his face. 
“What’s the matter?” Vivian knew something bad happened. 
She instantly sobered up as she glanced at Finnick. Even Larry who was leaning against the man set his back straight. 
The little boy was curious what happened to his father. 
“Something happened to the company.” 
His brows creased, forming a little v in between. 
Vivian knew the problem had to be quite severe for Finnick to be acting this way. A little trouble wouldn’t bother him so. 
“What’s the matter? Don’t panic and tell us slowly.” Vivian eased his furrowed brows. 
Vivian knew she had to keep her cool as Finnick already had enough to worry about. 
“Shareholders are requesting for me to resign from the board while the public is demanding for a refund,” Finnick explained his quandary in just one sentence, but it was enough to send chills down Vivian’s spine.
What? 
“I can understand shareholders’ request. But why is the public demanding a refund? When have we ever taken their money?” 
“They’re talking about the money they’ve invested in our stock.” Finnick doubted his own words as soon as it was out of his mouth, but the notion was gone as brief as it had appeared. 
“Then, let’s head back. Noah wouldn’t be able to handle it for much longer.” Vivian signaled for the driver to speed up as she cradled her husband’s hands in hers, trying to give him strength. 
“It’s going to be alright, Daddy. I’m sure there will be a way out. We will be able to solve the problem once we know what’s wrong.” 
Larry words were reassuring. 
Even a five-year-old is able to have such a positive outlook. What do I have to be afraid of then? 
Larry had actually learned it all from Benedict as the boy had spent considerable time with the man. 
Nevertheless, Finnick found his son’s words to be reassuring and patted him on his head.” 
“Thank you, Vivian and Larry,” the man muttered, grateful that the two were still by his side. 
To be frank, the man actually felt lost when he first heard that his company was in huge trouble. After all, he had poured his heart and soul into making it a success. 
With Vivian and Larry by his side, there was solace. 
At the very least, he was not alone in braving the challenges.
“Vivian, I’m so sorry. I should be accompanying you on this trip…” 
The man was plagued by guilt. He had promised to take Vivian on this trip because she felt bored at home. 
However, he had not expected things at his company to take such a turn. 
Afraid that his wife might feel disappointed, he apologized to her first. 
What he did not know was, Vivian was actually so worried about his company that she had not even thought about the rest of their vacation. 
Vivian was frustrated at her husband for thinking that she might be irked. “This is no time to think about vacation. I’m your wife, for Pete’s sake! 
“Now that something’s happened to the company, all I’m thinking about is how you’re going to get through this. Why would you think that I would fixate on such a trivial matter?” 
Her words were a wake up call to Finnick. 
I’m not a useless man. I have to work hard for my good wife and son. 
How can I sit idly by and watch the company go bankrupt? 
Finnick went silent at the thought of it, and his brain went into overdrive as he tried to come up with a solution.
###Chapter 837
Chapter 837 
The family reached their hotel soon after. They wasted no time packing their luggage and check out of their room right after. 
Larry trailed behind Vivian and helped her carry small bags. 
Upon reaching the airport, Finnick rushed to the counter and asked if there were any tickets back. Fortunately, there were vacant seats. He booked the flight that would depart just half an hour later. 
As soon as he was on the plane, Finnick delved deep into his thoughts as he tried to puzzle everything together. 
What could have possibly gone so wrong that my company’s in a such a mess? 
The man pictured the key personnel of his company in his head, visualizing their personality and course of actions that they would undertake. 
Vivian knew her husband needed some space to think right then, and did not interrupt him. 
The woman merely hugged her son to sleep at his side. 
She had no idea what was going on at the company. Even if she did, Vivian thought she wouldn’t be of much help either. 
The only thing that she could do was to stay by Finnick’s side, and to comfort him when he needed it. 
This is the only thing that I can do for him right now, and I can do better at this. 
The plane had reached its destination earlier than scheduled as if it knew that Finnick had to deal with his urgent matter.
Vivian was delighted at how smooth things were going. 
They landed at their city after a long flight, and the three of them got off the plane. 
The family could spot Noah heading toward them in an apprehensive manner after they reached the airport entrance. 
“Mr. Norton, Mrs. Norton, Mr. Larry. You guys are finally back,” Noah greeted them before taking over the luggage in Finnick’s hand. 
“Okay, brief me on what happened,” Finnick said after making sure that Larry was still by his side. 
“The numbers on our accounts do not tally, and some companies collaborating with us are requesting to terminate the contract with us. Some shareholders on the board are demanding that you resign.” 
Finnick furrowed his brows further after listening to Noah’s report. 
He thought the matter was not as simple as the latter had illustrated, but he had to come up with a contingency plan before striking his next move. 
“Why are those stockholders demanding a refund?” Finnick asked as this was the most befuddling aspect of it all. 
“Our share prices had plummeted, and they’re demanding for a refund on the grounds of that.” Noah was fuming with fury. However, he decided that it was best he kept his cool until Finnick came back. 
“Well, aren’t they a bunch of joker for making such a demand?” Finnick snorted. 
He put his hand on top of the car’s window to prevent Vivian from bumping it. After his wife and his son had gotten into the car, he headed inside as well. 
Finnick and Noah continued to discuss the company crisis.
Meanwhile, Vivian and Larry did not quite understand the whole exchange. 
However, they knew that Finnick’s company was facing internal turmoil as well as external threats. 
While shareholders were trying to make Finnick resign, stockholders were demanding a refund. 
Vivian did not have a clue on how to handle the matter. 
Fortunately, Finnick was much more resilient than her, and she was waiting to see how her husband would deal with the crisis. 
Larry was attentive in listening to Noah and Finnick’s discussion as well. He was hoping that he could help to alleviate his father’s burden. 
“Mr. Norton, where are you going?” Noah asked. 
The intersection ahead could lead to both the office and their home. 
Finnick glanced at Vivian and Larry to his side, and his wife nodded at him. 
The man thought it was best to head toward the company to get his hands on the matter. Otherwise, it would be difficult for him to tackle the problem. 
“Daddy, I can go to the office too.” Larry was keen on understanding the matter further. 
“Sure, let’s head to the office then.”
###Chapter 838
Chapter 838 
Finnick wanted to deal with the matter immediately. The further he dragged it on, the more the losses incurred to his company. 
When they were just a stone’s throw away, Finnick had already noticed the stockholders crowding the entrance of Finnor Group as they demanded for a refund. 
Some of them were even clutching banners in their hands. 
“Finnor Group is a scammer! We demand for a refund!” 
“Finnor Group is a liar!” 
“Just quit it, Finnor Group!” 
Vivian furrowed her brows at the sight of the demeaning banners. 
At the rate things were going, journalists would be the next to crowd the entrance of Finnor Group, making it top the headlines once again. 
The chauffeur parked the car in the basement, and Vivian, Larry, Finnick, and Noah headed inside the office through a private walkway. 
They knew they would be at the mercy of the stockholders if they had taken the entrance instead. 
Finnick would not mind if it were only himself and Noah. However, now that Vivian and Larry were there too, he had to ensure his family’s safety. 
Vivian and Larry trailed close behind Noah and Finnick as the two men were engrossed in a discussion.
Finnick had gotten the gist of the crisis. However, the man would have to make the call to solve the mess. 
Noah fumed with fury as he berated, “Our company is never going to refund them. We might as well ask them to get lost.” 
Amused by Noah’s remarks, Finnick was befuddled with the stockholders’ mentality. 
Those sheep are clearly just buying any stock that is trending on the market. Now that they’ve incurred losses because of their ignorance, they’re demanding us to be accountable instead? How absurd. 
Finnick knew the stockholders were not to be blamed entirely either. However, he felt like he was stuck between a rock and a hard place right then. 
And it was all because he had not been able to pinpoint the root cause of this incident. 
Why did the company share prices plummet all of a sudden? What is the driving force? 
As long as this root cause was not clearly identified, then it was near impossible for them to come up with a viable solution. 
Is this the company’s own doing, or is someone deliberately setting us on a destructive path? 
It was a problem that had plagued both Finnick and Noah. 
When Finnick was about to enter his office, he overheard the ongoing meeting among the board of directors. 
“Where is Mr. Norton going?” 
The leader of the group asked derisively, and the other directors looked like they were there to watch a good show.
Since our blood and tears all these years are ruined by this genius of a president here, there’s no need to put up an amiable front with him. 
“Mr. Lecter, what do you propose we do next?” Finnick was unfazed and asked rhetorically. 
“Well, if you ask me, since you’re already causing such a huge loss to the company, I think it’s best that you step down from presiding the board of directors,” said Mr. Lecter as he puffed on his cigarette. 
Smoking was strictly prohibited within the office as per the company policy. Mr. Lecter’s defiance was a clear sign that the man no longer had any regard for the company. 
“Oh, where should I go then, Mr. Lecter?” Finnick cast a glance at Noah, signaling for him to strike his move. 
“Have you no shame, Norton? How dare you still come in here parading when the company has already fallen into such disrepute?” 
Mr. Lecter did not wish to squander his time further, and pointed right at Finnick’s nose as he bellowed at the man. 
He was hoping to chase Finnick out of the company and take over his shares. Then, Mr. Lecter planned to sell off the shares and profit from them. 
Word had been going around that the Neville Group was keen on acquiring Finnor Group, and the president of Neville Group’s insatiable thirst for power was not going to be hindered by the fact that the man was a devout Buddhist. 
Mr. Lecter was thrilled at the thought of the commission that he was going to profit from selling all the shares owned by Finnick.
“Mr. Lecter, it looks like you’ve not learned your lesson. I’ve made it clear since five years ago that I detest people pointing and berating at me like that. Since you have zero regards and respect for me, I’d like to ask you to resign.”
###Chapter 839
Chapter 839 
Finnick waved his hands, and a few men in black appeared, pinning Mr. Lecter to the ground. 
“Norton, what are you doing right now?” 
Mr. Lecter knew he was at a clear disadvantage right then. The man cast a glance at Finnick, fear apparent in his eyes. 
However, the man was a veteran after all. This was a coup, but it was not like he had never seen the likes of it. 
Mr. Lecter then glowered at Finnick. 
“Finnick, the best course of action that you can take right now is to hand over your shares.” 
Mr. Lecter was betting on the fact that Finnick wouldn’t hurt him, and even attempted to talk sense into the young man. 
“That is none of your business. Take him away.” 
Finnick snickered at Mr. Lecter and waved his hands. The men in black then carried him out of the meeting room. 
“Have you seen how Mr. Lecter had ended up?” You guys had better wait for the company’s final decision, or better yet, try to propose a perfect solution to this problem. Otherwise, don’t blame me if you guys end up like Mr. Lecter. 
Finnick scanned the meeting room and registered each and every one of the troublemakers’ faces. He vowed that he would deal with the lot after the company had overcome this hurdle.
The people who would echo Mr. Lecter’s sentiments were either there to watch Finnick making a fool out of himself, or they had something to gain from cornering Finnick. 
Either way, Finnor Group no longer required the services of this lot. The best way to salvage themselves out of being blacklisted by Finnick would be to offer the perfect solution. 
“Vivian, Larry, let’s head inside.” The man turned to look at his wife and son, his features visibly softened at the sight of them. 
The man was reluctant to let Vivian and Larry witness his cold-blooded side. Even though he was feeling down in the dumps right now, he vowed to never vent it on his family. 
Of course, Vivian and Larry were well aware of this. They merely nodded and turned around to head inside the president’s office. 
“Noah, notify all heads of departments to meet me in five minutes.” 
Finnick wanted to get their opinions on the matter. 
“Finnick, what about me and Larry?” 
Vivian thought her and Larry’s presence was not appropriate since her husband had to chair the meeting. 
“Why don’t you guys take a rest in the lounge first?” Finnick understood where she was coming from. He was actually also worried that the heads of departments would hold back if Vivian and Larry were present. 
The lounge had everything they needed despite being smaller than Vivian was used to. 
Vivian and Larry sat on the bed, listening in to the meeting from inside the lounge.
“I’d really like to hear some suggestions from the heads of departments. I believe that you guys are well aware of how our company is doing right now.” 
Even though Finnick sounded weary, Vivian thought his voice still exuded a domineering vibe. 
“Okay, a lot of customers are returning our goods, and demanding for a refund.” 
“Over at the Planning Department, we have stopped all current plans and looking for new sources.” 
“As for the Marketing Department, a number of our staff have resigned, and some even without notice.” 
“The Human Resource Department has received a number of resignation letters. We are facing labor shortage right now.” 
“Please place the profiles of those who have resigned on my table. HR, please make sure that we do not re-employ these people.” 
Finnick listened to every department’s report as he placed his crossed hands on his legs. 
He thought there was no point employing staff who left the company right after the company had encountered a hiccup. 
Finnick was thinking of using the staff who resigned as an example to deter others from doing the same. 
The man started to relax after thinking about it. He scanned the room, and gave out a few important orders before letting them go. 
Vivian and Larry only came out from the lounge after making sure that everyone had left.
“I’m sorry for putting you through this,” Finnick apologized to Vivian. He felt bad for having to let Vivian stay out of the heads of departments’ sight. The man just did not wish to elicit any further quarrels.
###Chapter 840
Chapter 840 
“It’s alright. We’ll get through this together.” 
Vivian stepped forward and eased Finnick’s furrowed brows and massaged his temples. 
The head of department from the Human Resource knocked on Finnick’s door. He was there to deliver the profiles of staff who had resigned. 
The man went into the office after getting Finnick’s permission. 
He was greeted by the sight of a woman massaging Finnick’s temples while a little boy was holding the president’s hand. 
However, the man was an experienced HR personnel after all. He did not say anything, nor did he try to steal glances at the peculiar sight before him. 
After putting the documents on Finnick’s desk, the man retreated himself quietly, closing the door behind him. 
“Have you pinpointed the root cause?” Vivian continued to massage her husband’s temples and asked. 
“Not yet. Our biggest problem right now is we do not know what our problem is. That… is tricky.” 
Finnick was worried sick. He had always been prideful of his intelligence. However, after listening to the reports from his subordinates, he still could not seem to wrap his head around the root cause of the problem. 
“Daddy, don’t worry. Sometimes even big bosses are not aware of what is going on in their companies,” said Larry as a thought popped into his mind.
“Why do you say so, Larry?” A brief glint fleeted across Finnick’s mind at his son’s remark, but he was still shy of a eureka moment. 
“It’s like us at the kindergarten. If one of us does a good thing, the teachers and Ms. Clark wouldn’t know unless somebody told them.” 
The same thing applied not only in kindergartens, but in a lot of places as well. 
However, it had never crossed Finnick’s mind. 
Then, the man turned to order Noah. 
“Order all the departments to investigate what has gone wrong in our operations recently, and the feedback from our employees. I want a complete paper document on it. Do not give me emails or any other kinds of soft copy.” Finnick looked at his son with a prideful look on his face. 
He was pleasantly surprised with his son coming up with the idea as even himself had not even thought of it. 
Even though Larry had explained it from the point of view of a kindergarten pupil, it fitted perfectly well into Finnick’s context as well. Well, life has its way of telling us that it’s a vicious cycle, right? 
The same principle applied in kindergarten, in a family, and may as well applied to a country. 
“Noah, please tell them that the ones who give me the most comprehensive reports will be given promotion and increments after we get through this hurdle.” 
Larry stopped Noah before the man headed out the door and told him that. 
The boy thought that offering incentives might encourage the staff to be more attentive in preparing the reports.
Larry’s lips curled into a smile at the thought. 
“Alright, since your son has given you such a great idea, then you can just sit and wait for the results,” Vivian said with a smile. 
“Okay.” Finnick cradled her hands in his, feeling sorry that she had to massage him even after she was tuckered out from the long day. 
“Daddy, can I have a look at the files of the people who resigned?” Larry seemed to have developed an interest in the documents that the head of Human Resource Department just sent over. 
“Sure, go ahead. Be careful though.” 
The desk was slightly taller than the boy, and his father was worried that the boy might have bumped his head trying to reach for the documents. 
“Thank you, Daddy.” 
Larry dashed over to the desk and tiptoed to reach the documents. Then, he sat at a sofa aside and browsed through the large pile of papers. 
“Daddy, are these all people who have resigned, no matter with or without notice?” 
Looking at the huge pile of documents, it suddenly hit Larry that a lot of people had left the company. 
“Yes, correct.” Finnick circled Vivian into his embrace and shut his eyes to take a rest.
###Chapter 841
Chapter 841 
After listening to his father’s reply, Larry started to parse through the huge pile of documents. 
After about forty minutes, Finnick heard a knock on his door. 
Vivian jolted awake and noticed that Larry appeared to have read through all the documents as she spotted the boy had already dozed off on the sofa aside. 
“Mr. Norton. This is all the review on the company’s performance. All the documents that have been organized are here.” Noah had stolen a few glances before submitting it to Finnick. 
The man was befuddled by how far some people would go to have a shot at promotion and increment, as he had spotted a few even pointing fingers at Finnick for the problems faced by the company. 
However, on second thought, Noah thought those people were not actually taking much risk anyway. After all, the company had fallen into disrepute, and might even go bankrupt soon. The worst-case scenario for the employees who blamed Finnick would be to get terminated. In short, it wouldn’t affect them much. 
Larry went over to Finnick and Vivian’s side as he was trying to read the report that Noah had just submitted. Since the boy couldn’t read most of the words, Finnick decided to just read it aloud so that his son could understand better. 
However, Finnick and his family were bemused by some of the comments from the staff. 
“I do not like it that I cannot call my boyfriend at work. I do not like it when I cannot fetch my parcel during work. I do not like it that I am forbidden from shopping online while I’m at work. I do not like it when I cannot go to the toilet for just a longer time. I do not like it that the president is too handsome,
causing the female staff to gossip about him all the time. I do not like it that the president has married someone, causing me to lose focus at work.” 
Finnick was rendered speechless by the pointless feedback from the employees. 
Besides, he was not the one who came up with all the rules—the respective heads of departments did. 
Moreover, I don’t think they should be whining about these sound rules. 
Finnick lowered his head and continued to browse through the feedback, most of it were pointless. 
Just when the man was about to give it up, the corner of his eyes caught onto a document that had more things written on it. 
“Firstly, there is no unity among the employees as the bullying and badmouthing other people are a norm around here. Next, the company does not seem to care about the welfare of the staff, driving people into frustration, and eventually, we just give up on the company.” 
Finnick reflected upon himself after reading the particular feedback. I have not shown much care for my employees. That is true. 
However, as for the first part of the feedback, how would he as the top management know about the norm? 
He continued reading and realized that the words stung, but were irrevocably true. 
“Let’s start investigating the matter,” said Vivian as she looked at the page of A4 paper which was fully written. She thought the feedback would be an excellent starting point for them. 
“Daddy, which department is this employee from?” Larry asked. 
“The Marketing Department,” replied Finnick before he turned to look at his son.
Larry then searched the pile of documents on the sofa. 
The man is from the Marketing Department as well. He looked like an honest man but did not appear like he was from a well-to-do family. 
“Daddy, do you think this could be the person who was always bullied by the others?” Larry made his guess but he still had his doubts, and the boy cast a glance at his father. 
The boy felt the need to seek validation from his father as the man was more experienced. 
Finnick looked at the profile before him. It was of a man named Peter Zborowski. 
He had never heard of the man’s name. It was not unusual considering the number of people who work for him. 
“Well, then let’s go to the Marketing Department.” Finnick planned to bring Larry along. 
In the meantime, Vivian stayed in his office and waited for them. 
After all, Larry was the one who discovered the link anyway. Finnick had long thought of his son as his little assistant. 
Finnick was not relying on the boy because he was desperate. On the contrary, the man thought Larry really had the potential to achieve greater strides. 
“Attention, please. I’d like to ask for your opinion on someone.” Finnick headed toward the Marketing Department and requested for everyone’s attention. 
Every staff was thrilled by Finnick’s presence at the Marketing Department, especially the female employees.
###Chapter 842
Chapter 842 
Some had already started to speculate who the boy beside Finnick was. Unfortunately, he was unfamiliar to all of them. Their guess was that he must be Finnick’s son. 
“What does everyone think about Peter Zborowski?” Finnick made sure to scrutinize their expressions as he did not want anything to elude him. 
“About Peter…” It would seem that no one was really keen to talk about that man. 
Nobody really liked him when he was around previously, so they wondered why Finnick was asking when they were finally rid of him. 
That was what was bothering them, yet no one saw enough of it to speak up. 
They were reluctant to speculate what might be on the president’s mind, as even if the company was not doing too great at the moment, he was still a fearsome character. 
“Do speak ly,” Finnick added, as he was well aware of their hesitancy. 
“Relax. I won’t make things difficult for you.” That left everyone quite surprised. 
Whatever did he mean by that? In other words, they may be in for a torrid time should they choose to remain silent. 
After they weighed up their options, they variously voiced their opinions. 
“Peter’s a menace to the Marketing Department.” 
“I don’t like to socialize with him because his family’s poor.”
“He’s little kooky.” 
Finnick listened intently as they spoke. 
It occurred to Finnick that Peter was generally not viewed in a positive light by his colleagues. 
With that, Finnick departed from the Marketing Department. He concluded that there was nothing suspicious about Peter. 
It was all about the money. The company’s financial situation was not able to meet their needs, hence they packed up and left. 
Though the company may be dealing with some problems at present, salaries were still being paid out in a timely fashion. To leave now would be tantamount to forsaking a concrete source of income. 
For him to be so bold as to saunter off so unreservedly and without even tendering his resignation to Human Resource Department suggested that he might have some backing. 
“Go and find out more about Peter,” Finnick instructed Noah the moment he stepped into the office. 
“Right away,” Noah replied, and left immediately. 
“How did it go?” Vivian asked to see if Finnick had discovered any new leads at the Marketing Department. 
“We suspect Peter may have played a part in it. Once we figure him out, we should be able to get to the bottom of things.” 
Finnick could scarcely believe that the key to uncovering the truth behind the current state of affairs hinged upon such an unremarkable employee. 
“Nothing else we can do now except await word from Noah. Let’s go home.”
Finnick glanced at the hue of the sky. It was almost six in the evening. Vivian must have been tired for quite some time already. He took her and Larry by the hand and led them outside. 
They were to exit through the main entrance since the stockholders downstairs have dispersed. 
However, the reporters were still there. 
Finnick drove up without delay for Vivian and Larry to get in so that they may make a quick exit. 
It was not that Finnick was afraid of the press. He was more concerned about getting Vivian some rest so he had no desire to deal with their queries. 
“Actually, you should have spoken to them. I don’t know what they’ll write about you after you skipped out like that.” Vivian knew well what her contemporaries were like. 
“Don’t worry about it. It’s more important for us to get some rest at home.” 
Finnick had placed all his staff on compulsory leave. Even if meant incurring a loss, it should prevent it from escalating out of hand. 
Thinking this way came to him as sort of a relief. 
All he could think about was for Vivian, Larry, and himself to get a good night’s sleep. When Noah came back with his report, they should be able to establish the root of the problem and work toward a resolution for this crisis. 
Finnick wanted to reach home and lay his head down as soon as possible. The car accelerated as his sense of urgency grew. 
Even though Vivian had been accompanying him around, she understood his decisions as the pressure he had to endure was much greater than hers.
Once at home, Mrs. Filder prepped some simple fare for the trio. After they had their fill, they returned to their respective rooms. 
“How was it? Do you like the outcome?” 
A man and a woman were chatting inside the prison. They sounded like they were gloating.
###Chapter 843
Chapter 843 
They were Mark and Evelyn. 
“I hope that Finnick’s company shuts down soon so that I can show myself,” Evelyn said as she primped the hair she had done up the very same day. She was reasonably satisfied with the situation at present. 
“Glad to hear that. Remember to let me know the second it’s proven successful.” Mark smiled as a devious glint flashed across his eyes. 
“Naturally,” Evelyn replied smugly. “I’ll figure out a way to you after Finnick and I get together.” 
Mark has proved to be a tremendous asset to her even while behind bars. 
There was no way she could have been able to come up with such a brilliant scheme by herself if not for him. 
Evelyn was one who knew to pay her dues. 
“Please accept my thanks in advance.” 
Finnick was able to recover after a night’s rest. 
Seeing that Vivian had not stirred, he got up quietly to get dressed and washed up. 
By the time he stepped out, Noah was already waiting for him on the couch downstairs. 
When Finnick came down the steps, he motioned for Noah to remain seated. 
Finnick then regarded the man intently, ready to hear about his findings.
“I’ve got something, Mr. Norton,” Noah said, looking quite emotional. 
There was not much about Peter’s squeaky clean background to dig into, and that conveniently made the investigation process much smoother. 
“Go ahead. Speak.” Finnick made himself comfortable and looked to his personal assistant in keen anticipation. 
“Peter met up with Evelyn a week ago.” 
“Where?” 
“At the office.” 
With that, Finnick had some inkling as to how things suddenly went downhill for them. 
So Evelyn was the one who instigated all this. 
Finnick massaged his forehead to soothe his own vexation. He would be able to fix this himself if it was the result of an oversight on the part of the company. 
However, if it was the consequences of foul play, the perpetrators must have gotten their hands on something which they had no intention of relinquishing. 
That would make things significantly more challenging. 
The only way forward was to make restitution toward the losses incurred by the company, replace the team and resume operation. 
This would require an enormous operating capital.
Even with Finnick’s wealth, after taking out the money that would go toward servicing the debt first, he would not have enough left over to keep the company going. 
Finnick reviewed the accounts before him. The numbers reflected were caused by the hemorrhaging suffered by the company. Money was still needed for repayment to his partners. 
He would not have the additional funds needed to plug the hole in the sinking ship that was his company and get it sea-worthy again. 
Finnick stared blankly at the books, at a loss as to where he should go from here. 
“So what if we fail? There will always be a way out,” Vivian said as she came down. 
She had actually been listening in on their conversation for quite a while and witnessed the shifts in their mood throughout, so she more or less understood their worries. 
“Vivian.” Finnick reached for her hand as he led her to sit with him. 
“We could take up a bank loan, Finnick. So long as you do it right, we’d be able to start over.” 
Vivian held his hand in sincerity, but good intentions are not enough. 
Without money, how was he to qualify for a loan to kick-start anything? 
In addition, with the circumstances surrounding the company at present, there would not likely be many paying customers. 
Everyone was aware by now that Finnor Group was a failed company. 
Once a company failed, it would be extremely difficult to build it back up.
It would be an impossible undertaking in the absence of strong financial backing. 
“I’ve some money here,” Vivian said. 
“Where did you get the money? From your work at the newspaper?” 
Vivian had not been working recently, and her previous job was her sole source of income. 
“No. I could ask my brother for it.” Vivian knew Benedict would surely help them. 
“I can’t let you do that,” Finnick stated. 
“Why not?” Vivian looked at him, quite perplexed. Why was he still resistant given the company’s present predicament?
###Chapter 844
Chapter 844 
She could not understand this at all. 
“It’s a matter of principle. I’ve promised Ben that I’ll take care of you, so it wouldn’t be right for me to have you ask him for money.” 
He did not wait for her to respond. “Let’s drop the idea and try to think of something else.” 
There was nothing else Vivian could have said to that. It was a good thing too that they were not yet at their wit’s end so she need not be insistent on seeking Benedict’s help. 
Vivian and Noah quickly got back to helping to brainstorm for alternatives. Meanwhile, Evelyn was leisurely enjoying her afternoon tea. 
“Now that Finnick’s company has collapsed, the rest will be up to you,” Evelyn said as she regarded Hunter enthusiastically. 
“Yes. But how do you know that they won’t be able to turn this around?” Hunter replied as he took another sip of tea. 
“For someone like you who holds the position of president in the business world, I’m sure you should be able to tell whether that’s plausible.” Evelyn left it for Hunter to assess for himself. 
“Hmph. Indeed.” 
The man did not question her assertions. The Finnor Group was doubtlessly in dire straits and it would be hard-pressed for Finnick to be able to wriggle his way out of this one.
What Hunter needed to do was to continue to pound away from all angles until Finnor Group was down for the count. Then, he would go to Vivian. 
Only by doing that could he become certain of making Vivian his. 
Just thinking about this prospect had Hunter’s lips curled into an unfathomable smile. He had everything planned out inside his head, waiting to be put into motion. 
Evelyn was wondering if she might run into that woman she met at this shop previously. 
The one who resembled Rachel William and who she has inquired about during her last visit to the nursing home. 
She asked if the woman could be Rachel’s younger or older sibling. 
Rachel did not give her a straight answer. 
“I was very young back then so I’m not in the know about a lot of things. But there seems to be someone who looks like me, or so I’ve heard.” 
After hearing Rachel’s reply, Evelyn wanted nothing more than to meet that woman again, and ask if she had a sister. 
She hoped to be able to gain the strength of kinship. 
It would be good to have some stable support, seeing that she was already working toward approaching Finnick. 
With that in place, it would surely put her in good stead to win Finnick over. 
Unfortunately, things did not pan out as she hoped. She stayed on at the shop long after Hunter left, but without chancing upon that assumed relative of hers.
She continued to wait on, but to no avail. The sun set on her before she resignedly returned to the nursing home. 
“You’re back.” Rachel appeared pleased when she saw her daughter walk in. 
“Do you have a twin, Mom? I really want to reunite you with family,” Evelyn looked at Rachel as she tried to get her mother to divulge more. 
“I’m really not sure, but I don’t need any relatives. I’m happy just to have you.” Rachel was heartened at Evelyn’s consideration for her. 
“But I’m not. Can’t I do something for you?” Evelyn howled. 
Rachel was taken aback by this sudden outburst. The Evelyn she remembered was not like this at all. 
She chose to keep her opinions to herself, and could only look at Evelyn helplessly. 
“I have no idea whether I have a twin, Evelyn. I’ve never met her as an adult,” Rachel replied in earnest. 
“I see. Don’t mind me, Mom. I got a little carried away there.” 
Without waiting for Rachel to respond, Evelyn made her way inside the house to rest. 
Evelyn was restless as she lay on the bed. She badly needed a strong backer at this juncture. 
She decided that she must make another trip down to that coffee shop, hopefully with better luck this time.
###Chapter 845
Chapter 845 
As dawn broke over the horizon, a man was seen still seated by the window. It was Finnick. 
Yes, he had not slept a wink all night. 
He spent the entire time sorting out his work, albeit fruitlessly. 
“It’s been a long night. You ought to go get some rest.,” Vivian said as she passed a glass of warm milk along. 
“Why are you up so early?” Finnick turned to regard her affectionately. His weariness seemingly dissipated in an instant. 
The sight of the people one wanted to see the most tend to have that psychological effect, no matter how rough a time one was going through. 
“I got up because I couldn’t sleep.” 
Vivian’s heart ached at the sight of the puffiness and dark rings under Finnick’s eyes. 
Why must they be made to undergo this ordeal right after life has started to become a little more settled for them? 
Vivian had no answer for that and did not hope for an explanation either. All she knew was that she needed to be rid of these problems so that they may have some days of solace. 
Regardless, there were pressing issues that had to be addressed first. 
“Go on and get some sleep. I’m going to get some groceries.”
Vivian wanted to make sure Finnick was properly nourished. 
Spending long nights like these would surely take its toll on his body otherwise. 
“Okay, be careful out there,” Finnick said gently as he held her hand. 
Vivian acknowledged that under her breath as she watched Finnick settle himself into the bed. She then drove out in the car. 
Not to the market, but to the Morrison residence. 
In her esteem, the only recourse for a comeback was by recompensing the losses the company incurred. 
With their own money close to being depleted, she could only approach Benedict behind his husband’s back. 
She would also like to see if her brother would be willing to aid them covertly. That might offer them some hope of saving the company. 
With this in mind, Vivian stepped on the gas and headed for the Morrisons. 
“Miss, you’ve returned,” said the helper who met her at the door. 
“Yes. Is Ben around?” Vivian went straight to the point as time was of the essence. 
Finnick was at home and might come to at any moment. 
She had to secure the money and have the meal prepared before then. 
“I’m sure you’ve heard about the company’s situation,” Vivian said as she approached Ben when he was coming down from the opposite direction.
“Yeah. I know.” He frowned when he saw his younger sister looking a little worse for wear. 
With the state the company was in, Finnick could not really be faulted for his inability to take care of her. 
“Since you know, Ben, do lend us some money.” Vivian looked to her brother as he was the only one who would be able to help right now. 
“I’ve no problems extending a loan, but there’s not much else I could do beyond that as there are many companies eyeing a takeover of Finnor Group. We might be capable, but there are simply too many for us to fend off.” 
Vivian understood the difficulties cited by Benedict on the part of Morrison Group. 
That was why she needed only a small loan from him. 
“I’m so sorry that I couldn’t do more to help, Vivian.” 
He had a pained expression on his face as he regarded Vivian. 
There was no way he could be happy seeing the hardship his sister had to contend with. Nonetheless, he could not risk having Morrison Group fail on his watch. 
“It’s okay, Ben. I understand,” Vivian said as she eked out a smile. 
“Silly girl.” Benedict ruffled Vivian’s hair before he went upstairs and came back down with a check for her. 
Vivian was stunned to see the numbers written on it. 
“Why is there so much?” Vivian looked at her brother in disbelief.
She knew that he would help, but did not expect that he would offer this amount. 
“This was what I’ve set aside all this time as a wedding gift for you. Looks like it might come in handy now.” 
Vivian felt awful as she recollected Benedict’s expression while she sat in the car. 
What was meant as a wedding gift for her had to be used on the company instead.
###Chapter 846
Chapter 846 
How could he feel good when his original plans were laid to waste, just like that? 
Vivian had only intended to borrow a little but she ended up taking the entire sum tabled as Benedict could not be persuaded otherwise. 
She was determined to return the money she borrowed someday. 
Vivian held the check tightly in her hands. After she purchased her groceries, she hurried on home and got busy. 
Anything too complicated was beyond her, but she could manage a simple leek soup well enough. 
Before she was done, she felt a hand slid in from behind and wrapped itself around her waist. She giggled and leaned her head into Finnick’s chest. 
“Alright, alright. It’s almost ready. Go wash up and prepare to eat.” When she turned, she saw that he seemed to be in better spirits than earlier. 
That was a huge weight off her chest. 
“Okay. Thank you, Honey.” Finnick let his hand run teasingly off her before he departed. 
Vivian chuckled before she turned her attention back to the pot. 
The soup needed to be cooked at low heat over an extended period of time. Vivian was not sure how to control the temperature well so she dared not leave the kitchen. 
She was worried the contents of the pot might burn if she did.
As it was not a demanding recipe, the soup was brought before Finnick in short order. 
Finnick got a serving for himself and helped himself to it. 
The result confounded Vivian’s expectations and turned out rather decent. 
After hearing Finnick’s praise, she too got herself a bowl and sampled it very carefully. 
He was not humoring her. Though not comparable to that prepared by professional chefs, it really was quite savory. 
“It’s good. And filled to the brim with my wife’s love.” 
Finnick looked Vivian in the eye as he said this before he proceeded to tuck in. 
With breakfast settled promptly, Finnick went right back to work. 
“Alright, you go ahead. I’ll go check on him.” 
“Hey little pumpkin, it’s time for school.” 
The boy was nowhere in sight when Vivian pushed open the door. That got her worried. 
Where could Larry have gone this early in the day? 
When Vivian walked into the washroom, there he was, brushing his teeth on his own. 
“You’ve given Mommy a real scare, little pumpkin.” 
She was able to relax upon seeing him. 
“What did I do to scare you, Mommy?”
Had he not been in there brushing his teeth all this time? What was she panicky about? 
“It’s nothing. I was worried that you might have gone missing.” 
Vivian was aware that she had been a little on edge lately. 
She had been quite jittery ever since things started to go sideways at Finnick’s company. 
“Alright. Come out for breakfast after you’re done.” Vivian had also some soup set aside for Larry in the dining room. 
“Okay.” The boy took one glance at the comparatively more tired Vivian and nodded with his head bowed. 
Larry could guess as much that the troubles at the company mostly came down to sabotage. 
But so what if they knew this? The loophole already existed. Apart from patching it, there was nothing else that could be done. 
Only money could offer them the quickest fix to this. 
Larry sped up his brushing motion. Once he had himself cleaned up, he saw that Finnick was still going through documents in the living room. 
“Good morning, Daddy.” 
Larry approached to greet his father but did not intend to wait around for a response. 
“Morning, Larry.” 
It was different this time. Not only did Finnick return his greeting, he did so with a tender smile.
No matter how bad things were, Finnick was making a point to not let the problems at work affect his family. 
Larry smiled broadly before he sat down at the dining table to eat on his own. 
The boy had always enjoyed Vivian’s cooking, so he had quite the appetite this morning. 
When Noah was about to send Larry off to school, Vivian summoned the former to the room. 
“Hang on to this check, and use it for Finnick’s expenditures should the need arises,” Vivian said as she regarded him in bated breath. 
“Mrs. Norton, this…” The man appeared unsure. 
Even if it was a good thing that Vivian was trying to help, it put Noah in a tenuous position, sandwiched between Finnick and herself.
###Chapter 847
Chapter 847 
“Let’s try to keep this between us.” 
Vivian hoped that Noah would be able to see to this on her behalf. 
“Understood.” Noah nodded. He did not think too much of it as it was all for Finnick’s benefit. 
Vivian’s lips lifted in delight when he agreed and promptly let him and Larry be on their way. 
In the interim, Vivian went round to the study several times to check in on Finnick. He was hard at work trying to address the company’s deficit. 
She quietly exited when she saw no change in his expression. 
It was awful for Vivian, being helpless to do anything. Even her brother, the only one who might be able to aid her, had his hands tied. 
The woman could only sit herself in bed and wait for when it was time to prepare lunch for her husband. 
While this was happening, Evelyn carried on waiting at the coffee shop, day after day, without meeting the person she was longing to see. 
She made a call to Hunter, hoping that he would be able to look into the person’s identity. 
Unfortunately, she had nothing to go on apart from the woman’s looks. 
On top of it, a man in Hunter’s position could not possibly be expected to help, as the nature of their cooperation was impersonal.
Hunter had neither the time nor the enthusiasm to expend on an endeavor that did not serve his ends. 
As upset as Evelyn was over this, there was nothing she could do to him at the present time. 
She still needed his financial support, and would only be at the losing end were she to fall out of his good graces. 
With the scheme now into the home stretch, Finnick’s company was certain to go into administration. 
Evelyn was considered expendable now that Hunter had already gotten what he wanted. 
But unlike Evelyn herself, Hunter was arguably a much better team player. 
Despite being aware of that, Evelyn dared not let her guard down around him. 
Right now, all she could do was wait on her own. 
While Evelyn’s patience came to nothing, Finnick was to receive three visitors. 
Thud. Thud. Thud. Finnick heard rapping upon the door, but ignored it because he knew that Mrs. Filder was around. 
And when she did answer, she got a fright. 
The visitors were no ordinary people, but police officers. 
“Hello Ma’am, may we speak to Mr. Norton?” the officer asked as he produced his badge. 
Mrs. Filder was aware that there was a situation with the Norton family’s business but did not think that the police might somehow become involved. 
“Yes. He’s upstairs,” the elderly woman stuttered before she led them up.
Finnick certainly heard the commotion and got to his feet to open the door to the study. 
“Hello. We’re the police.” The officer regarded Finnick staidly. 
“Hello, officer. What can I do for you?” Finnick’s brows perked up as he asked. 
Apart from the company’s financial woes, he could not imagine how he could be involved in anything illegal. 
“We are under orders to take you in for involvement in stock fraud. Here is our warrant.” The officer placed it in front of Finnick, who became shocked after inspecting it. 
The details and photograph appended were indeed his. 
He could not for the life of him understand when he might have broken the law. 
As far as he was concerned, he was not complicit in any form of stock manipulation. 
Finnick looked at the police officers, completely bamboozled. 
“Could you have gotten the wrong man, officers? I’ve done no such thing,” Finnick tried to remonstrate. 
He did not want the police to make a wrongful arrest. More crucially, he did not want to be turned into anyone’s scapegoat. 
Vivian was awoken from her sleep in the room next door by the activity inside the house and hastened to come over to the study. 
“Officer, I would like to know what my husband is being arrested for.” 
The first thing she did when she stepped in was to put herself between Finnick and the police officers.
Because should Finnick be taken away, all would be lost.
###Chapter 848
Chapter 848 
The company needs Finnick, but at the same time, we need his protection here at home too. 
If Finnick gets taken away, our family and the company will lose our only pillar of strength; everything will crumble. 
So they can’t arrest him! 
“It’s clearly written here, Mrs. Norton. Please cooperate as we’re only doing our job.” The policeman had been well acquainted with Finnor Group because he too was an avid buyer of many Finnor products. 
So he felt extremely awful for not only witnessing but also arresting the president of Finnor Group. 
He responded accordingly since the president of Finnor Group’s wife, Mrs. Norton, questioned the reason for their arrest. 
Vivian scanned the bolded words at the very top of the arrest warrant: Crime Charges for Stock Fraud. Unwilling to believe that it was real, she widened her eyes and blinked at the words. 
But no matter how many times she shut and opened her eyes, the bolded criminal charge remained the same. 
Vivian gazed helplessly at Finnick. Her shoulders slumped, giving away as if all hope had left her body. 
Finnick didn’t say a word. Instead, he reacted to this by soothingly caressing the top of her head. 
Truthfully, he had no clue what he needed to do or say to comfort Vivian.
Because he knew that nothing could alleviate the grave sorrow that she felt, so he would rather keep quiet. 
This left them in a bubble of awkward silence. 
Then Finnick’s wrists reached out to the policeman, ready to be cuffed. 
Following this, the policeman went about his business and cuffed Finnick. He looked at Vivian, indicating that Finnick had to go now before leading them out the door. 
Vivian accompanied Finnick as they walked out side-by-side. It felt as if she were sending her husband off to work on a regular day. 
Looking over at her dispirited, grey-faced husband, she knew that she had made a mistake. She shouldn’t have followed him out or allowed herself to witness his arrest. 
It was like she had committed a sinful crime herself—robbing whatever was left of the man’s dignity. 
What could be worse than having your own wife watch you get cuffed and taken away by the police? 
Nothing, she answered herself bitterly. 
But Vivian was terrified of not taking one last look at his face, of not memorizing the slants of his eyes and the shape of his lips. She was worried that they’d never get to see each other face to face again. 
Outside, swarms of reporters gathered with silver gossip-seeking eyes. 
“Mr. Norton, can you talk about the current state of your company?” 
“Mr. Norton. Did your company really dabble in stock fraud to deceive investors?” 
“Mr. Norton, how long does your company have before it goes broke?”
“…” 
The reporters buzzed forward excitedly, each one more determined than the other to ask questions. 
However, Finnick’s mouth remained tightly shut because he refused to acknowledge his demeaning state. 
He wanted to appear as a successful, well-composed businessman in front of everyone and not as a humiliating arrestee. 
The higher you climb, the harder you fall. They don’t know the struggles I endured to get to where I am today. 
They don’t know how far my boundaries go. 
Who do they think they are? 
And what right do they have to stand around and question me? 
Just wait and see. Finnick shot an icy stare at them. These other companies will snap like dead roaches under my shoe when I make my comeback. 
Finnick had never involved himself with stock frauds, so he believed that the fates would prove him innocent and shed light upon his injustice. 
Finnick sat himself into the police car. 
As the car slowly departed, he could sense Vivian’s unwilling gaze that focused only on him. But he didn’t turn to look at her.
Seeing this, the reporters began scattering away. They knew that there was no point in probing information from Vivian because she was too far gone in despair. 
Vivian slumped defeatedly on her porch whilst watching the police car drive further and further out of her reach. 
At that moment, she brimmed with self-hatred. Why did I insist on traveling? 
If she hadn’t insisted priorly, then Finnick could have discovered something was wrong with the company. He could have fixed it and prevented all this from happening. 
However, it was far too late now because Finnick had already been taken away. Their family had crumbled to dust. 
“N-no. Finnick didn’t do it! He didn’t…” Vivian wiped away her tears and raced back to her room. 
Finnick would never break the law! He wouldn’t!
###Chapter 849
Chapter 849 
I have to find evidence. I have to get him out of there! It’s the only way that our family can be whole again. 
Vivian frantically skittered into Finnick’s study. She couldn’t care less that she tripped and stumbled into the pillar and the furniture; not even the lengthy cut on her calf could stop her from finding the truth. 
She needed to save Finnick and fast because the company urgently needed his help. 
Vivian phoned Noah, who was dealing with matters at the company, and urged for his immediate assistance. “Noah, hurry over. Finnick’s been taken by the police.” 
With that, Noah hopped into his car and drove in haste. 
Once he got there, he took one look at the empty living room and knew that Vivian must have been in the study. Mr. Norton’s arrested… Mrs. Norton must be digging for evidence in his study. 
At this thought, Noah sprinted into the study and saw smudges of red all over the floors and on Vivian. 
Vivian was sprawled on the ground with purplish bruises and different-sized cuts sliced into her leg, some still oozing blood. 
Noah stiffened for a split second before hurrying to help Vivian up onto her feet. While doing this, he pulled out his phone and called the hospital. 
Soon after, an ambulance arrived to collect Vivian, who lay resting on the couch. 
Noah frantically followed along.
He felt like the weight of the world was on his shoulders, and that weight would only grow if anything bad happened to Vivian while Finnick was arrested. 
In the ambulance, Vivian was so consumed by grief that she kept calling out to Finnick. Unfortunately, she knew that her cries were in vain because there was no way that Finnick could be there. 
Noah felt a bitter ache in his chest. It’s bad enough that Mr. Norton got framed and arrested. Now, to make things worse, Mrs. Norton is in a difficult situation. 
Noah knew it was a hard pill to swallow, but he needed to be strong, especially since Finnick couldn’t be by Mrs. Norton’s side. 
Therefore, he had to take care of Mrs. Norton. He would keep her safe and unharmed until Mr. Norton returned. 
Noah lowered his head to look at Vivian, whose eyebrows were tightly knit whilst she mumbled something. 
But Noah knew that she was most definitely saying Mr. Norton’s name. 
Seeing her in so much grief, Noah couldn’t help but ache for her too. He asked the nurse, “Could you help massage Mrs. Norton’s brows to soothe her?” 
After all, he was a man; he felt like it wasn’t appropriate for him to engage physically with a distressed Vivian, so he turned to the nurse’s aid. 
“Sure,” the nurse answered him as she gently massaged Vivian’s tense brows. 
“You really care for Mrs. Norton, huh?” 
“Yeah. Mr. Norton’s not around, so I have to take good care of Mrs. Norton. Thanks for helping.”
Truth be told, Noah didn’t really like socializing with strangers. He only made an exception to chitchat just this once since the nurse had agreed to help soothe Mrs. Norton. 
The nurse could also tell that he wasn’t much of a talker, so she went about her task in silence whilst occasionally glancing curiously at Noah. 
They soon arrived at the hospital. Seeing Vivian’s drastic blood loss, the nurse transferred Vivian onto a stretcher and rushed her into the ER for immediate treatment. 
Noah anxiously waited outside the ER as his eyes glued onto the illuminated sign, waiting for it to signal once the surgery ended. 
“Calm down, Sir. Take a seat here and have some water.” 
The nurse from earlier gave him a cup of water to settle his frenzied nerves. 
“Thanks,” Noah uttered absentmindedly whilst giving a quick look at the nurse. Then he ignored her and went on to nervously pace in front of the ER doors. 
The nurse gave a defeated look at him before silently leaving. 
Not long after, the ER sign dimmed. 
Vivian’s surgery must have ended, Noah thought as he attentively looked around for any updates. Once he noticed a doctor exiting the ER, he rushed over to grab hold of that doctor’s arm. 
“Doctor, how’s Mrs. Norton?” 
The doctor glanced at Noah and pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose before saying, “The surgery went well. However, the patient lost a lot of blood, so she’ll need a long and proper rest.”
A wave of relief washed over Noah as his jaw unclenched and the tension in his limbs loosened. 
After hearing that Vivian was out of harm’s way, Noah collapsed onto the chair. 
Thank goodness, Noah muttered silently in relief. 
Then he saw Mrs. Norton being aided by a nurse as they walked out of the ER. 
“Mrs. Norton! Mrs. Norton, how are you feeling?”
###Chapter 850
Chapter 850 
Noah hurriedly approached Vivian, whose head was surprisingly wrapped in thick layers of bandages. That’s odd, he thought. 
He recalled that he only saw injuries on Vivian’s legs earlier. So where did this head injury come from? 
Noah stared at her confoundedly but decided against asking. 
“I’m fine,” Vivian answered. Sensing Noah’s confusion, she explained, “I thought that had only injured my leg at the time. I didn’t notice that there was a serious head injury on me until now.” 
Vivian smiled faintly. This small act gave liveliness to her otherwise paled complexion from the surgery. 
The nurse aiding her wore a uniform-like smile and explained, “Sir, this madam has just got out of a critical condition. We’ll begin with the hospitalization procedures so that we can monitor her for a couple of days. If everything checks out, then she’ll be out of here in no time.” 
“Alright, thank you.” Noah and the nurse helped Vivian into her ward and onto her assigned bed. Once she was settled in, he left to complete the necessary forms and payments for the hospitalization procedures. 
On his way, Noah ran into the nurse from the ambulance earlier. 
“Sir, do you need some water?” The nurse cast a soft gaze, widening her eyes slightly in anticipation. 
“No, thank you.” 
Noah wanted to walk past the nurse, but she blocked his path head-on. 
“Sir, I don’t think I’ve introduced myself yet. I’m Ivana.”
Ivana stared brazenly at him. It was as if her eyes were made of crystals or polished gemstones—they sparkled at him. 
A simple “Mhm” grumbled from Noah. He was rushing to complete the hospitalization procedures so that he could get back to Vivian sooner. He couldn’t risk anything happening to her whilst he was away because the consequences would be too heavy a responsibility to wield. 
Likewise, this responsibility was not something that the little nurse before him could afford to bear. 
“Sir, perhaps—” 
“Get out of the way!” Noah interrupted with a deep orotund tone. It sent chills down her neck and froze her in shock. 
Noah was never a hotheaded man, but he had to be harsher now that Vivian’s wellbeing was involved. 
Conflicted thoughts surged in Noah’s mind, rationalizing his heartlessness. It doesn’t matter if this nurse is a young, harmless lady. It doesn’t matter that this nurse helped Vivian earlier. 
Ivana eventually recovered from her shock and said, “I’m not done speaking, sir.” But before these words fully came out of her mouth, Noah had already left her in the dust. 
Seeing his back broad back shrink into the distance, she sighed dreamily to herself, “He’s so hot!” 
Truth be told, Ivana had fallen for the ice-cold Noah from the moment she first saw him. However, she was too preoccupied at the time to make a move; she needed to fulfill her nursing duties by lifting the patient onto the ambulance as quickly as she could. 
Then suddenly, halfway to the hospital, Noah had asked for Ivana’s help. That was the first time she heard his voice, which had a smokiness that drew her in completely like a magnet.
Despite Noah’s indifference when speaking to others, Ivana believed the best in him. She believed that deep beneath that frosty exterior was an extremely loyal and considerate man. 
Those beliefs were proven true now as Noah rushed to care for Mrs. Norton. This was the ideal man that Ivana wanted in her life. 
Ivana didn’t care how ridiculous her actions seemed, how Noah didn’t give a fig about her now; she would go the extra mile and work twice as hard to make him fall for her. 
Fantasizing about that, Ivana cracked a jittery smile. 
After completing the procedures, Noah returned to Vivian’s ward and saw her lying on the hospital bed. He was at a loss for what to say. It took a while before he thought of something and spoke. 
“Mrs. Norton, w-would you like something to eat?” 
She must be starving, Noah thought worriedly as he recalled how long it’s been since he received her urgent call. Feet shuffling with concern, he considered going out to buy some food. 
“No, I already had some breakfast.” Vivian couldn’t help but smile at Noah, who looked visibly bothered. She continued with soft laughter laced in her voice, ”I’m not hungry yet.” 
Vivian knew that Finnick would be stuck at the police station for some time, but she told herself that she needed to stay positive. 
Otherwise, Finnick would be upset if he came back and saw that I had worried myself sick. 
“Alright. Since you’re not hungry, I’ll stay here with you.” Noah didn’t know how or what he should do to comfort her; all he could do was stay by her side and keep her company. 
Vivian nodded at him without any ion.
Suddenly, Noah remembered that there was still unfinished business between them. He asked, ”Mrs. Norton, what did you call me for earlier today?” 
He figured he might as well find out and complete whatever tasks she had for him. Since he had nothing better to do, he would much rather find ways to help get Finnick out of jail.
###Chapter 851
Chapter 851 
“Yeah, it’s nothing much. I just wanted you to check on the company’s stock situation and find out what happened. Also, we could look into our stockholders for more information.” 
Vivian poured her thoughts onto him. 
We have to investigate and find out the truth as quickly as we can. Only then can Finnick return to us sooner. 
“That will take quite a while to execute,” Noah uttered in concern. 
He wasn’t entirely sure if Vivian’s extensive plan was doable. Now that Vivian was bedridden, Noah was unable to leave her side. He couldn’t risk leaving Vivian in someone else’s care. 
At the same time, he felt uneasy about letting someone else investigate the stock situation as the whole thing crucially affected Finnick’s outcome in trial. 
The pros and cons of these two options crushed down onto a troubled Noah. 
Vivian immediately knew what was on Noah’s mind. She readied her phone to call Ms. Booker and said to him, “Don’t worry. I’ll phone Ms. Booker and have her come over to take care of me.” 
It wasn’t long before Ms. Booker rushed over. 
Noah stayed for a bit to examine the housemaid’s capabilities until he felt more assured that Vivian was in good hands. 
“Alright. I’ll head off to deal with the matter now, Mrs. Norton. Please contact me if anything happens.” Noah looked at her for one final assurance before leaving.
Just as he walked out the door, Ivana approached him and asked, “Where are you going, Sir?” 
Noah helplessly massaged his brows as he eyed the oddly adorable nurse before him. 
“I’m off to run some errands. Leave me alone, won’t you?” Noah spoke straightforwardly. He brimmed with anxiety, knowing that Finnick was still detained at the police station; he didn’t want to waste his breath talking to idlers. 
“Will you be back?” 
“Yeah.” 
Noah wanted to reject Ivana’s pursuit then and there. However, he couldn’t quite bring himself to refuse those bright and optimistically round eyes of hers. 
“Alright then, you go ahead.” Reassured that he would be back, Ivana nudged him away and hoped that he would return sooner if he left for his errands now. 
Despite being helpless against her, Noah was too pressed for time to continue their chat. So he left straight for the door. 
“Ivana, could you go replace Vivian’s saline?” Another nurse suggested playfully. 
The nurse originally intended to replace Vivian’s saline fluids but changed her mind after seeing Ivana return to the nurses’ station. 
Ivana rolled her eyes at the nurse’s teasing. She grabbed a new saline IV bag and jovially skipped away to Vivian’s ward. 
Knock. knock. knock. Ivana knocked thrice before entering. 
“Hello, I’m here to replace your saline fluids.”
Ivana swiftly carried out her task and hung up a brand new saline IV bag. Once she was done, her eyes swept across the room. I guess that man wasn’t lying about being busy. 
He must really be swamped with work to have a housemaid watch over Ms. Norton whilst he’s away on errands. 
“Mrs. Norton? I hope it’s alright for me to ask… what’s the name of that man you were with?” 
Although Ivana knew that her behavior was inappropriate, she couldn’t suppress the eagerness that tightened in her chest. 
Vivian eyed the young nurse and instantly saw through the nurse’s thoughts. 
However, she didn’t have the heart to say more than needed, so she succinctly stated Noah’s name. 
“I see. Thank you,” Ivana replied. Now that she got what she came for, she was content and ready to leave. “If you’ll excuse me.” 
She practically leaped over the threshold with glee, then closed the door to Vivian’s room. 
Meanwhile, Noah managed to track down some of the stockholders who stirred up the most trouble. He posed as an unrelated outsider and asked them why they were so upset. 
At first, he assumed that these stockholders were making trouble out of nothing, but it turns out they had their reasons. 
“Do you even have to ask? Us stockholders were all scammed by Finnor Group. Initially, we saw that their stock prices kept soaring; but once we invested everything we had, the prices suddenly plummeted, and we lost all our assets overnight.”
The man explained whilst on the brink of tears as Noah patted his back comfortingly. After this, Noah interrogated a couple of others and found that this man’s situation was better than most. 
Other stockholders had resorted to loaning their neighbor’s money, thinking that it was a golden opportunity to maximize income from their stock investments. 
Unfortunately, none of them expected Finnor Group to lower their stock prices so suddenly. Not everyone reacted well to this; some couldn’t take the hit and ended up losing their minds.
###Chapter 852
Chapter 852 
After listening to their situations, Noah suspected that someone either tampered with the company’s stocks or hacked into the computer systems to create an illusion of rising stock prices, thus scamming the stockholders. 
This meant that the malicious person was one of the company’s employees. All the evidence pointed back to that person, the criminal mastermind of it all— Evelyn. 
Noah went back to the company and found the video clip of Evelyn and Peter’s conversation from that day. After duplicating and backing up a copy, he planned to return to the hospital and let Vivian decide how to go about this matter. 
“Mrs. Norton, I’ve found out what happened to the company’s stocks.” Noah raced into the room and explained the ins and outs of the entire incident. 
Vivian was rendered speechless. 
It was impossible for the company’s stock prices to continuously show an upward trend. Vivian knew that much because the stock prices were determined based on relevant treaties. 
Despite knowing this fact, the stockholders still recklessly invested all their assets into stocks… As cruel as it may be, it was only in the course of nature that they would lose everything they invested. 
“My investigation shows that this was all Evelyn’s doing. Look, here’s the video clip of Evelyn and Peter’s conversation.” Noah placed the laptop before Vivian, allowing her to see what transpired during the two’s conversation. 
“How bold of Evelyn to sneak into the company at that time.” Vivian shook her head distastefully at the video, then looked at Noah.
“Hand this video clip to the police station. Have them call in an expert lip-reader to produce a transcript of what was said between Evelyn and Peter,” Vivian instructed. She felt certain that if the two were discussing their plans in the video, a forensic lip-reader would certainly be able to decipher it. 
Once the truth reveals itself, Finnick will be proven as an innocent victim! 
The thought of this made hope swell in Vivian’s chest as she clapped happily. All that’s left now is to wait for the results. 
She had a gut feeling that this time, she could definitely save Finnick. 
Noah heeded her orders and delivered the video clip evidence to the police station. As he was exiting the station, Noah thought he had seen a familiar figure, but the figure disappeared when he turned around to get a better look. 
Noah shook his head rapidly, thinking that he must have overworked himself into seeing things. 
He reassured himself that he probably saw wrongly and headed home. 
“What’s this? Now that your beloved man has been arrested, you’re finally gracing me with a visit?” Mark teased sarcastically. He sat in the visiting room, grinning at the thought of Evelyn’s suffering. 
Noah did, in fact, catch a glimpse of Evelyn earlier. But he couldn’t confirm it was her because she stormed off too quickly out of anger. 
Evelyn snapped at Mark, “Admit it! This is all part of your dirty trick!” 
All I wanted was to make Finnick’s company go bankrupt, then get together with him. But Finnick got arrested instead.
What am I going to do now? Evelyn glared steely-eyed at Mark, who still grinned smugly. White-hot anger fumed from her as she wanted nothing but to give the man a proper beating. 
However, she knew that she couldn’t behave so heedlessly at the police station. 
“Relax, Ms. Morrison. Have a seat, and let’s talk things out.” Mark mockingly waved for her to sit and calm down. 
“How can I relax at a time like this? And what more do we have to talk about? Huh? Talk about how you’re going to get me arrested too?” 
Evelyn had instantly dashed over to confront Mark from the moment she found out about Finnick’s arrest. 
But after seeing Mark behave so coyly, she realized that she had been fooled from the very beginning. 
“There’s still a way to fix things. Don’t you want to know how?” Mark asked as his sinister eyes flickered towards her. 
“The hell with your rotten solution! I made the mistake of trusting you once, never again.” Evelyn knew that she couldn’t harm a single hair on Mark, so all she did was yell at him before leaving the police station. 
What’s important now is getting Finnick out of jail. But how? I don’t have anything to my name… 
Evelyn desperately scavenged for plans. She crouched down and fumbled with her annoyingly troublesome hair, shoving it away from her face. 
The only person who’s capable of helping me now is Hunter. 
“Please, Hunter, you have to help me.”
Evelyn spelled out the entire story of why she came to Hunter for help, then she anxiously observed his reaction.
###Chapter 853
Chapter 853 
Unexpectedly, Hunter dumped some money on the table before declaring, “I can help save anyone you ask me to, just not Finnick. So forget it.” 
Then he walked off, leaving Evelyn stupefied in a daze. 
That’s right! I asked him to rescue Finnick! Finnick—His romantic rival! Why on earth would he agree to help me? God, I made a mistake… 
Evelyn snorted, laughing bitterly at her foolish self. 
Am I just asking for trouble at this point? She single-handedly brought Finnick’s company to the ground, driving it to bankruptcy and sending Finnick, its president, to jail. 
Just as Evelyn sank into the pits of despair, someone approached her and asked, “Miss, are you alright?” 
Evelyn’s every movement skidded to a halt. 
She’s… 
She was the woman that greatly resembled Rachel. Now, the woman stood before Evelyn and was asking her if she was alright. 
Evelyn blinked at the woman’s glamorously classy appearance; she eyed the LV bag that was looped in on the woman’s hand and recognized the signature smell of Chanel’s cosmetic line that the woman wore on her face.
“Mom,” Evelyn deliberately slurred her words in a drunken-like manner. Evelyn had hoped that maybe she could discover more something about the woman. 
“Silly child, I’m not your mother.” The woman clarified softly as she frowned at Evelyn, pitying her. “Just call me Ms. Ferguson.” 
To Ms. Ferguson, Evelyn looked like a frightened child who had lost her mother. This sight was enough to evoke a sense of motherly love from Ms. Ferguson. So she allowed Evelyn to call her ‘Ms. Ferguson’. 
“Ms. Ferguson? Can I ask if you have a twin sister?” Evelyn asked curiously, shaking her head to act that she had sobered up. 
This bewildered Ms. Ferguson, who stilled whilst her mind thought long and hard about the question. 
“Why do you ask…?” Ms. Ferguson finally spoke. Feeling unsettled by Evelyn’s question, Ms. Ferguson stared at her with narrowed, examining eyes. 
“Actually, my mom looks a lot like you, so I was curious if the two of you are sisters.” Evelyn didn’t lie; she locked eyes with Ms. Ferguson and answered sincerely. 
“Oh? Looks a lot like me?” Ms. Ferguson’s interest was piqued. 
She also finally understood why the young lady kept referring to her as “mom”. 
“Do you have some time on your hands? Maybe we could pay a visit to my mom? You’ll understand what I mean when you see her,” Evelyn invited. She successfully caught Ms. Ferguson’s attention. 
I’ll know whether they’re sisters once they meet each other.
If they’re not, then at least Ms. Ferguson and I will share a friendly kinship from this experience. But if they are sisters, then we’ll be considered family. 
Either way, this will benefit me greatly. 
Evelyn mapped out and calculated the plan in her mind. Then she beamed with a mixture of hope and excitement at Ms. Ferguson. 
To her joy, Ms. Ferguson also seemed like she was interested in going. It wasn’t long before Ms. Ferguson agreed, “Alright. It’s not like I have anything better to do anyway. I’ll go with you then.” 
Meanwhile, an authoritative policeman stared Finnick down in a matchbox-sized interrogation room. 
“Finnick, do you have anything to say about your illegal involvement with stock frauds?” He interrogated. 
“Yeah. I’m saying that I didn’t do it.” Finnick boldly met the policeman’s gaze with a stone-cold expression. There was no way in hell that he would admit to something that he didn’t do. 
The policeman reacted negatively to Finnick’s smug retort. He slammed the table and roared, “Your lips may be as tight as a clam’s, but you’re already in jail. Now, what else do you have to say?” 
The incident had caused a stir amongst the policeman’s superiors. With tension rising, they released orders for the policeman to figure out the incident’s real cause within three days. 
However, Finnick pleaded not guilty and had prolonged the course of his trial. So it only made sense that the policeman was furious at him. 
He had hoped to deal with the case as soon as possible so that he could report back to his superiors. Yet, now the task seemed nothing short of impossible.
“If being in jail makes me automatically guilty, then I suggest you conduct a better investigation before questioning me. I know my rights, and I don’t have to explain anything to you.” Finnick’s eyes locked onto the policeman before him. He knew exactly what the policeman planned to do. 
But Finnick refused to allow it. He’s interrogating me without bothering to investigate the full story; does he think that he can force me into confessing to the crime?
###Chapter 854
Chapter 854 
Finnick wasn’t that kind of person and would never become one. 
Other than glaring angrily at him, the police officer couldn’t do anything else. 
Meanwhile, Vivian was lying in bed when she suddenly sneezed, causing the maid to assume she had caught a cold. Hence, she helped cover Vivian with a blanket. 
However, Vivian waved to indicate that she was fine. 
Somehow, she could feel a sense of dread, as if something bad was about to befall Finnick. 
However, now that the video has been sent in, what else can it be? 
After giving it some thought, Vivian figured that if there were still problems, they would have to find Evelyn and get her to be a witness. 
Hence, she wondered where Evelyn could be at that moment. Suddenly, a place flashed in her mind. 
It was Rachel’s nursing home. 
Vivian had visited Rachel at her nursing home before and Rachel’s attitude toward her was unusually good. 
“Vivian, how have you been?” 
“I’m alright.” 
“In that case, do you have anything unhappy to tell me so that I can share your burden with you?” 
“There’s no need to, thanks.”
“Vivian, please don’t hold it against me. I admit I was biased toward Evelyn. However, you have to understand why I behaved that way.” 
“Mmm-hmm.” 
She had a strong impression of what happened at the nursing home because of how unusually well Rachel treated her. 
It wasn’t because Vivian was paranoid and doubted anyone who treated her well. 
Instead, it was because Rachel was always nasty to her ever since she found out it was Vivian that forced Evelyn to leave. 
All this while, she behaved in the same manner except for then… 
As Vivian continued to recall, the scenes from that time began to emerge in her mind. 
“Why is there a bed here?” Vivian asked when she realized a bed had been added to the room. 
This is a single room with no one else staying. So who is the bed for? 
“It’s for an old lady that stays with me. I was feeling too lonely so I asked for someone to keep me company.” 
At that time, there was nothing suspicious about Rachel’s answer. It did make sense for her to find a roommate to keep her from feeling lonely. 
However, she missed out one thing. 
The sheets on the bed were pink, the kind a young lady would use. 
It may not have occurred to Rachel, but it did so to Vivian.
Perhaps the owner of the bed really liked pink and it had nothing to do with age. But come to think of it now, it was indeed a valid point of suspicion. 
Therefore, Evelyn must be living at Rachel’s nursing home. 
“Noah, come back here.” Holding that thought, Vivian instructed Noah to return so that she could ask him some questions. 
Meanwhile, Evelyn had arrived at the nursing home’s entrance without encountering any obstacles. 
“Is your mom living here?” Fiona was stunned to see that they had arrived at a nursing home. 
It wasn’t because she looked down upon those that stayed in there, it was just that she was opinionated about them. 
“Mmm-hmm. That’s right. We’re broke, so we have to stay here,” Evelyn replied awkwardly. 
She hid the fact that she couldn’t even afford the expenses for the nursing home from Fiona. 
“Alright, let’s head inside then.” All Fiona wanted to do was to quickly visit Rachel. Other than that, there wasn’t any need for her to be there. 
“Mom, look who’s here?” Evelyn led Fiona into the room and saw Rachel sitting on the bed. 
When Rachel saw the person beside Evelyn, she was stunned. 
“This…” Rachel didn’t know what to say to show how surprised she was. 
“Hello, you must be Evelyn’s mom. It appears both of us look very much alike?” Fiona greeted Rachel cordially.
Both of their actions and demeanor were different but their features were almost the same. However, a simple action itself was sufficient to differentiate between the two. 
“Mmm-hmm, I am.” Rachel stared at Fiona in shock. 
The next moment, she understood what was going on. 
“I’m sure that Evelyn has told you about this? I do not have a twin and neither any sisters.” As Rachel listened to Fiona, she gave Evelyn a remorseful look.
###Chapter 855
Chapter 855 
“Mom…” Before Evelyn could say anything, she was interrupted by Fiona. 
“Mmm-hmm. I feel the same way. Pardon me for intruding.” After seeing Rachel, Fiona turned to leave. 
Actually, Rachel had a good impression of Fiona, it was just that she didn’t know what to say. 
“Mom, why are you behaving that way?” Evelyn chased after Fiona. But when she realized that Fiona had gone too far ahead, she returned and glared angrily at Rachel. 
“Don’t bring this matter up ever again.” Rachel didn’t compromise despite how angry Evelyn was. 
After shooting Evelyn a glance, Rachel took off her shoes and lay back down on her bed. 
Unable to do anything, Evelyn had no choice but to leave the room. 
Rachel had kept that matter a secret and didn’t feel like sharing it. 
As for Fiona, she shared Rachel’s sentiments too. 
Meanwhile in prison, when the police officer left Finnick’s room, he received the video that Noah sent. 
“Sir, this is sent by Finnick’s subordinate. He said that once we get it translated, it will prove Finnick’s innocence,” a junior officer reported nervously. 
He was aware that his superior was in a bad mood. If he wasn’t careful, he would be at the receiving end of his superior’s frustration. 
“Mmm-hmm. I understand. Go ahead and get it translated.” The officer was a captain and initially didn’t intend to send it for translation.
However, when he thought about his chance for promotion and how uncooperative Finnick was, he realized he had no choice but to prove Finnick’s innocence. 
Since they had received the evidence, and would potentially be rewarded if the evidence was sufficient, it was in his best interest to cooperate no matter how much he hated Finnick. 
Back at the nursing home, Noah’s car arrived the moment Fiona left. 
As Evelyn was lazing by the window, she spotted the familiar face at once. 
It’s Noah. 
Evelyn began to panic as she didn’t know what she was supposed to do. 
“Mom, Vivian has sent someone to take me back.” Evelyn looked at Rachel, hoping that she would have an idea. 
“Quick, hide!” Rachel pulled Evelyn toward a small toilet. 
Luckily, Vivian was kind enough then to arrange for her to stay in such a nice place. Or else, there really was nowhere for Evelyn to hide. 
Holding that thought, Rachel walked out to see Noah. 
As Noah and his entourage were too conspicuous, many of the staff and guests walked out as they were curious to know who it was, causing a small commotion. 
“Hello, who are you here to see?” The nursing home director greeted Noah. 
They are all senior citizens who hardly caused any trouble. So what is all this commotion about? 
Everyone made a guess on what it was about, but no one really found a good answer.
“Don’t you recognize me anymore?” Noah took off his sunglasses and looked at the director. 
The last time he came was when Rachel was sent to the nursing home. Hence, it was impossible for the director not to recognize him. 
“Oh, I know you. Are you Rachel’s family?” Despite the director’s advanced age, he clearly remembered Noah given how much fanfare there was the first time he came. 
“Mmm-hmm, I’m not family but I’m here to see her,” Noah explained to the director. After which, he was led to Rachel’s room. 
Meanwhile, Rachel pretended as if she had just gotten up from bed. After sitting upright, she stared at Noah. 
“What’s going on?” Rachel asked as she turned her attention to the director. 
“I’m not really sure. Why don’t you guys go ahead and talk.” After fulfilling his responsibility of leading Noah here, there was nothing more for him to do. 
“Hello, I’m here to look for someone. Sorry for disturbing you.” Noah never had a good impression of Rachel given how vicious she was as a mother. Hence, he went ahead with his work without asking for her permission. 
He didn’t conduct the search by himself. Instead, he let his subordinates do it. All he did was watch Rachel, just in case she was up to no good. 
“Sir, we didn’t find anything.” 
“Sir, nothing here.” 
“Not here.”
As his subordinates returned one by one to report, none of them found anything.
###Chapter 856
Chapter 856 
Furrowing his eyebrows, Noah felt that there must be some tracks left behind. Hence, he decided to search the room himself. 
Noticing a suspicious spot, he felt that a person could hide in there. Hence, he slowly walked toward… 
At that moment, everyone held their breath nervously as Noah walked ahead step by step. 
Suddenly, when he opened the door, he saw that it was just a place for dirty laundry. After circling the surrounding area, he didn’t find anything else suspicious. With that, he turned and left. 
“Evelyn, come out.” After he was gone, Rachel informed Evelyn it was safe to come out. 
“Evelyn, where did you hide just now? I was so worried about you.” Rachel sympathized with her when she saw the dust on Evelyn’s face. 
“I was hiding underneath the wardrobe.” 
The wardrobe in the nursing home looked similar to the bed. Hence, unless one was to scrutinize closely, one would not notice that there was a gap in between. 
Feeling anxious just now, Evelyn had crawled underneath it. 
Luckily, she managed to hide in time. Or else, it would be the end of her if Noah had found her. 
Evelyn was not a fool. She was cognizant that once she appeared, Finnick would be released from prison. 
“Sigh, I don’t understand why Vivian is doing this. Despite how desperate you have become, she still isn’t willing to let you off.” When Rachel saw how her daughter was being hunted, she began to resent
Vivian’s actions. 
“Mom, I’m fine. All I need to do is be more careful and not fall into Vivian’s trap.” Evelyn pretended to look at Rachel with a caring expression. 
When in reality, she figured that Rachel was still of use to her. 
If Vivian did something to Rachel, she would then have no place left to go. 
Therefore, Rachel was now her strongest asset and it would be great if Fiona was also among them. 
Meanwhile, Noah returned to the hospital empty-handed. Before he reached Vivian’s ward, he saw Ivana standing by the door. 
He quickly walked away so that he could avoid her. However, in spite of his attempts at hiding from her, there was just no escape. 
“Hey, Noah! Wait for me.” Ivana ran after Noah and crashed into him. 
“Why did you stop all of a sudden?” Ivana glared at him as she rubbed her painful nose. 
“How did you know my name?” Noah remembered that he never told her his name. 
How did Ivana find out? 
Noah was puzzled. 
“I’m so smart to have guessed it.” Ivana flicked her head and looked at Noah thinking that she looked cool doing so. 
In reality, she looked no different than a ruffian when she did it.
When Noah didn’t get a proper answer from her, he turned and walked away. 
He had no time to waste with Ivana as he needed to report back to Vivian. He wanted to know if there was a change in plans to save Finnick and what he needed to do next. 
“Sigh, don’t go. Can’t you give me a second to speak to you?” 
Ivana tried to stop Noah when she saw that he was leaving. 
Hindered by Ivana, Noah had no choice but to look at her. She stepped forward, bringing them closer to each other. All it took was one more step and they would… 
That was the plan in Ivana’s mind. The next moment, she turned it into action. 
Taking one more step, she kissed Noah and turned to leave with her cheeks blushing red. 
Noah was left there standing, unsure of how to react. 
Stunned, Noah touched where she had just kissed him. 
That was the first time he was ever kissed by a girl. 
After regaining his senses, he remembered that he still had a lot to do. 
He quickly rushed toward Vivian’s ward. 
After knocking on the door and getting her permission, Noah entered the room. 
“Mrs. Norton, I have checked the nursing home but couldn’t find Evelyn. Are you sure she’s there?” 
His men had searched the entire building but there was no sign of Evelyn. Noah couldn’t help but doubt Vivian’s analysis and that Evelyn wasn’t even there.
To him, Evelyn was someone aloof and would never lower herself to hide in the nursing home.
###Chapter 857
Chapter 857 
However, it was Noah that was wrong. Evelyn wanted to get back with Finnick by hook or by crook. 
She not only had a refuge in the nursing home but could also manipulate Rachel to contain Vivian. 
Hence, she would be a fool not to take advantage of such a situation. 
“Impossible. She has nowhere else to go other than staying by Rachel’s side.” Vivian was sure that her judgment was correct. However, she was puzzled as to why Evelyn still couldn’t be found. 
I must either have been wrong or missed out on something. 
As of now, finding Evelyn was the only way left to save Finnick. Or else, he would be done for. 
With her eyes darting frantically around, Vivian racked her brains to see where she went wrong. 
“Mrs. Norton, calm down. Don’t force yourself.” Noah was aware of the immense pressure Vivian was under. Furthermore, she was still recovering from her injury and shouldn’t be putting her mind under such stress. 
“I’m fine. It’s Finnick that I’m more concerned about.” Vivian was no longer paying attention to what she was saying. Her mind was rapidly cycling through the different possibilities. 
When he saw how worried she was, Noah didn’t even know what to say to reassure her. 
All he could do was walk out in search of some snacks and drinks for her. 
“Noah.” The moment he left the ward, he saw Ivana again.
“Why are you stalking me? Don’t you have anything else better to do?” When he saw her smiling cheerfully, he recalled what had just happened and blushed. 
“Hey, where are you going?” Noah wanted to keep some distance between both of them as now wasn’t the time to mess around. 
“Going to get Mrs. Norton a drink.” Noah was aware that if he ignored Ivana, she would just continue to cling to him. 
Therefore, he decided to give her a proper answer. 
“Oh, I’ll come along with you.” Looking at Noah, she threaded her hand around his arm and walked with him. 
“L-let go of me.” Noah felt that she was brazenly coming onto him. 
“No way.” Looking at Noah, Ivana stuck her tongue out at him, causing him to be stunned. 
Having never been treated this way before, Noah didn’t know what to do with the beautiful lady in his arms. 
All he wanted to do now was to return quickly after buying what he needed. 
Observing his reaction, Ivana was well aware of how shy Noah was. 
Giggling to herself, she tightened her grip on Noah instead. 
Meanwhile, in a café, Evelyn was looking at Hunter. 
“Now, shouldn’t you be giving me some money so that I can have a better life?”
After all, she had helped Hunter get Finnick out of the way. Hence, she felt that she deserved a reward from him. 
“Here, take this.” 
Hunter handed her a check for a hundred thousand but she replied in displeasure, “Hunter, don’t forget about how we are connected. How can you give me so little every month? This is inhumane.” 
Evelyn stared at the check in front of her. Does he think I’m a beggar? The thought alone outraged her. 
However, Hunter commented, “This isn’t monthly. This is the last one I’m giving you. During the time we cooperated with each other, you have milked a lot of money from me. It would easily have been five hundred thousand to one million.” 
He added, “Furthermore, I am not obliged to take care of you. From now on, you’re on your own.” Hunter straightened his sleeves and left a hundred on the table for the drinks. 
To him, they were equal partners in their previous cooperation. He used to give her an allowance because she was in a position to help him. 
However, now that she had intentions to harm Vivian, he wanted to nip it in the bud. 
No one was allowed to touch Vivian. Even Evelyn had no authority to do so. 
Holding that thought, Hunter smiled and planned to head to the hospital. 
Evelyn had told him that Vivian was in the hospital as she had injured her head by accident.
###Chapter 858
Chapter 858 
Now that Finnick wasn’t around, he would be able to visit her. He even wondered if she would fall for him if he played the role of knight in shining armor. 
Holding that thought, Hunter started to fantasize about Vivian throwing herself into his arms. 
Hence, he bought a bouquet of roses before proceeding to the hospital. 
Noah had just returned with the drinks and wanted to rid himself of Ivana when he saw Hunter. 
“Let go of me!” Right after he shook Ivana’s hand away, he followed Hunter from behind. 
It wasn’t until he saw Hunter enter Vivian’s ward that he realized he was here to see her. 
“Hey, where are you going?” Ivana followed Noah. When she saw that he was about to enter the ward, she grabbed him and wanted him to explain. 
“There’s no time now, I’ll explain later,” Noah told her nicely. Surprised by his cordial attitude, she nodded and let him go. 
“Vivian, I’m here to see you.” When he entered the ward, he saw Vivian whom he had been fantasizing about all this while. 
“There’s no reason for you to be here. Please leave.” Noah entered and ushered Hunter out with a glare. 
Recognizing that Noah was Finnick’s bodyguard, Hunter didn’t bother to show any respect. 
“Hmph! Does the Norton family’s dog bite?”
Just as he spoke, he sat down on the sofa, thinking that he looked chivalrous by doing so. 
“Mr. Yates, although you are someone influential, it doesn’t mean you can walk all over the Norton family.” Vivian snapped at Hunter’s words. 
She glared at Hunter who was in a confrontational mood. If he hadn’t said those words, she would have been more considerate of his pride. 
However, since he started being vulgar, there was no need for her to show him any respect. 
“Vivian, how can you say that? Finnick is already in jail. And yet you still see yourself as a Norton?” 
Hunter was stung by Vivian’s words. 
Did she just admit that she is a member of the Norton family? Doesn’t the fact that they are on the brink of bankruptcy change her mind? 
“Noah, please wait outside,” Vivian instructed Noah who was fuming by the side. 
It wasn’t because she had anything private to say. Instead, she was going to say something humiliating to Hunter’s face. 
“But Mrs. Norton…” Noah was worried that Hunter would do something toward Vivian. However, Vivian shook her head and motioned to him that she would be fine. 
“Alright.” Given how insistent she was, Noah had no choice but to leave the room. 
“Hey, why did you come out?” Ivana asked when coincidentally pass by the ward. 
“Mmm-hmm.” Noah looked at Ivana as he passed her a drink. 
He sympathized with how tired she must be after working the whole day in the hospital alone.
“Thank you.” Receiving the drink happily, she let out a wide grin at Noah. 
Looking at her, he realized that she was actually quite pretty especially when she smiled. Her smile somehow had the ability to warm his heart. 
This was a sensation that he never felt from other girls. Ivana was the only girl who gave him comfort when she smiled. 
“Just now, you promised to tell me about that man. Now would be a good time to keep that promise?” Ivana asked curiously as she took a sip from the drink he had passed her and sat down beside him. 
She wasn’t being nosy. All she wanted was to make some small talk to break the ice. 
After all, it was normal to find a topic of common interest with one’s crush to chat. 
Only then can both their relationship proceed to the next level. 
This was what Ivana had read about in her romance novels. She figured it was time to test out their theories and see if they were true. 
“Sure.” Facing her, Noah slowly related to her the story about Vivian, Hunter, and Finnick and how they were all interconnected. 
Including his own betrayal, he explained everything in detail. 
“You’re really cool.” When he was done with his story, Ivana looked at him in awe.
###Chapter 859
Chapter 859 
Noah looked at Ivana helplessly. 
Are women all like that? Do they start swooning over men over something as minor as this? 
Wait… swooning… 
Can it be… 
Staring at her while he had an epiphany, he gasped, “Do… do you have a crush on me?” 
Noah was someone forthright. He didn’t understand the nuances of what was appropriate to say in a relationship. 
He would blurt out whatever that came to his mind. Hence, when Noah threw her the question, Ivana who was swooning halfway sprang to her feet. 
“How do you know?” 
Just as she spoke, even she was stunned. 
Isn’t that the equivalent of admitting that I like him? 
Ivana was stumped as it was too late for regrets. Running away as she always did wouldn’t do her any good either. 
Hence, she had no choice but to bravely admit it. 
Meanwhile, Vivian and Hunter’s conversation seemed to be heated.
“Vivian, come with me. I can give you a good life,” Hunter pleaded sincerely. He was just one step away from dropping to his knees and begging. 
However, love could never be forced. There was no way Vivian would choose to be with someone she had no feelings for just for the sake of money. 
Furthermore, Finnick was still in prison and she would never do something as unprincipled as betraying him when he was down. 
“Hunter, even if Finnick is locked in there forever, I will never be with you.” 
Vivian felt that she was decisive enough with him the last time. Hence, she was puzzled as to why Hunter insisted on saying such things to her still. 
However, given Hunter’s incessant pestering, the gratitude that Vivian previously felt for him had slowly turned into annoyance. 
Even the art of pursuing a lady required some finesse. Relentless pursuit would only end up causing the lady to feel irritated. 
“I really don’t understand what you see in Finnick. He is now a convict and not worth your attention at all!” Hunter sprang to his feet and pointed angrily at Vivian. 
Vivian always hated it when someone pointed their fingers at her. Hence, when she saw how Hunter responded, she lost the mood to even speak to him. 
“I’m tired, please leave,” Vivian snapped but Hunter refused to go. 
“I won’t leave until you provide me an explanation.” 
Hunter dropped his chivalrous act and began to make things difficult.
Vivian gave him the side-eye before taking a sip of water from the cup she was holding. 
“Vivian, come with me. Finnick can’t give you what you want.” When he saw how unrepentant Vivian was, Hunter had no choice but to plead again. 
“Oh? Can’t he? What do you think it is that I want?” Vivian couldn’t help but feel amused at Hunter’s words. 
“Of course I know what you want!” he declared what he truly thought proudly. 
“Branded bags, luxury goods, Chanel, vanity.” Hunter looked at Vivian as he listed them down, hoping that she would throw herself into his embrace. 
However, Hunter was disconnected from reality. Vivian was interested in none of the things he mentioned. 
“I think you and Evelyn make a good couple.” No longer in the mood to say more, all she could do was to make sarcastic comments. 
Everything that he listed out were what Evelyn desired. 
In that case, why don’t they just get together? Why does he need to cling to me and cause both of us to be upset? 
Vivian was puzzled. 
“Vivian, you can’t insult me like that.” Hunter had always viewed Evelyn with disdain. 
If not for the fact that she was of use to him, he wouldn’t have cooperated with her for such a long time.
“I’m not. You’re overthinking it.” Vivian couldn’t help but raise her eyebrow as she looked at how egoistic Hunter was. She didn’t say another word after that. 
“Yes, I am overthinking things. It is my heart that longs for you and sees you as my soulmate. I am the one that’s deluded.” 
Having heard Vivian’s words, Hunter rambled on in response. When he finally finished and looked at Vivian, his eyes were a little reddened.
###Chapter 860
Chapter 860 
“Mmm-hmm, that’s true.” Vivian felt Hunter’s words hit the nail on the head. Just when she wanted to clap in agreement, she heard a familiar voice. 
“So why aren’t you leaving yet?” Vivian was stunned when she turned to see who it was. 
It’s… 
It was the man of her dreams and he was standing right in front of her. She couldn’t believe her eyes at all. 
“Finnick?” Vivian stared at him in surprise and in shock. 
“You should be saying ‘Hubby’.” Finnick looked at Vivian and laughed. 
He hadn’t seen her in a long time. Now that he did, he realized that she had lost weight. 
When he saw the woman of his dreams in front of him, he couldn’t help but dash forward and embrace her. 
However, there was still a third wheel in the room, and Finnick knew he had to do something about it. 
“Noah, can you please throw this delusional person out of the hospital!” Finnick wanted Hunter out of his sight. 
How dare he brazenly try and steal Vivian from me? 
Does he think nothing of me and that he can walk all over me? 
Holding that thought, Finnick walked toward Hunter as rage swelled within him.
“Mr. Yates, I hope you can keep your hands to yourself and not covet for things that don’t belong to you. Or else, you will suffer the consequences.” 
Just as he spoke, he waved his hand for Noah to escort Hunter out. 
“Vivian, did you miss me?” When they were finally alone in the room, Finnick got into Vivian’s bed. 
He finally felt at ease when he hugged the woman he had been pining for. 
During his days in prison, he kept thinking back to the day he was arrested. 
He regretted not taking a few more looks at Vivian. What if that was the last time I saw her? 
In truth, when he was in prison, it did occur to him that he might never be released. Outside of prison, what mattered to him the most wasn’t Finnor Group nor any other stuff. Instead, it was the woman in his embrace. 
“I do.” When she hugged Finnick, she too realized he had lost weight. 
Despite being thin previously, she felt secure in his embrace. Although the sense of security was still there, she could feel his bones this time around. 
Suddenly, tears streamed out of her eyes. 
She had been yearning for the time when he could hug her like this again. Now that it had become a reality, she was naturally ecstatic. 
“Hey, are you crying because you miss me?” Finnick’s heart ached when he saw her crying. However, he didn’t want her to feel upset given that he had just returned. 
Hence, he teased her cheekily so that she wouldn’t feel sad.
“You’re cheeky as usual.” Vivian wiped her tears away and looked at Finnick. 
“Tell me, how did you get out?” Looking at him, Vivian was glad that they were reunited. 
“It’s all thanks to you.” Finnick started by praising Vivian before explaining what happened in prison. 
“After the police translated the video clip you sent, they released me at once.” 
He was surprised that Vivian had thought of something that he didn’t. 
He realized then that he hadn’t fully known Vivian for who she was. 
Looking at her, a blissful smile emerged on his face. 
“Vivian.” 
“Hmm?” 
Right after she replied, her lips were sealed in the very next moment. 
As both of them had not seen each other in a long time. Hence, they were overwhelmed by the emotions of being reunited. The kiss they shared lasted for a long time. 
As passion took over them, they began to act upon their desire. 
“Mr. Norton.” 
Just as Noah entered the ward, he walked in on Finnick pinning Vivian underneath him. Covering Larry’s eyes awkwardly, he quickly retreated from the room. 
When Vivian realized that Noah had seen them, she pushed Finnick away out of embarrassment.
“What’s wrong?” Finnick asked despite knowing the answer to his own question.
###Chapter 861
Chapter 861 
As both of them had just kissed passionately, Vivian’s plump and rosy lips looked alluring. 
When Finnick leaned in to continue, Vivian pushed him away at once. 
“What’s wrong?” Finnick looked at her quizzically. 
“Noah is still outside. Besides, we’re in the hospital.” Vivian looked at Finnick and instructed him to let Noah in. 
After waiting for Vivian to straighten her clothes, Finnick called for Noah to enter. 
“Mr. Norton, Mrs. Norton, I’ve brought Larry here.” Looking at them both, Noah pretended that nothing had happened. 
All this while, Larry wasn’t told of Vivian’s hospitalization and Finnick’s imprisonment. 
Hence, he had no idea what was going on. All he knew was that Vivian was in the hospital for something minor and Finnick was just looking after her. 
It sounded like the perfect lie. 
“Daddy, Mommy, you finally allowed me to come. I missed both of you a lot!” 
Larry wisely skipped over what had happened and talked about something unrelated. 
“You have been a good boy and both of us missed you too. Look, didn’t we ask Noah to pick you up?” Vivian coaxed Larry with a smile.
She was feeling bad for neglecting him as she had been caught up with the company’s business and Finnick’s case. 
“I’m fine. I can take care of myself. So, don’t worry.” 
Sensing Vivian’s guilt, Larry comforted her so that she wouldn’t blame herself for it. 
“Mmm-hmm. I know you’re the best!” Vivian smiled at him before turning to Finnick. 
Vivian had hoped that Finnick would say something to Larry but he didn’t. Instead, he picked him up and looked him in the eye. 
Larry returned his gaze. The next moment, father and son smiled at each other knowingly. 
Vivian’s heart warmed at the sight of how happy they both were and didn’t comment any further. 
After a while, Noah took Larry to lunch as he still had class in the afternoon. 
Noah had only brought Larry over for a short visit. 
After Larry left and only both of them remained in the room, Finnick questioned Vivian, “Tell me, how did you hurt your head?” 
He had only been arrested for a few days and Vivian was already hospitalized. 
If he had been gone for a month, he wondered if he would receive a notification from the hospital that Vivian was in critical condition instead. 
“I’m fine. It no longer hurts.” Vivian didn’t want him to know that she had fallen because of him as she didn’t want to burden him further.
Despite not telling him, Finnick easily read her mind. 
“Silly gal. Don’t be in such a rush next time. Please be more careful instead,” Finnick pretended to lecture her. 
He knew that she had landed in the hospital with her head injured because of him. 
“Okay, I know that.” Vivian pouted at Finnick. 
It was obvious I was careless. But he is so narcissistic to make this about him. 
Nevertheless, Vivian didn’t speak her mind as Finnick wasn’t wrong in the first place. It was just that she refused to admit it because of her pride. 
“Did you know that I couldn’t find you when I returned home and only found out that you are in the hospital after giving Noah a call? My heart almost stopped beating when I heard it as I had assumed the worst. I was finally put at ease when Noah explained that you have almost recovered.” 
When Finnick arrived at home, he had wanted to see what Vivian was up to but couldn’t find her anywhere. 
He began to panic when he couldn’t find signs of her living there. 
The moment he heard that she was in the hospital, he rushed over at once. 
“I’m not sure how bad life can get, but all I know is that without you, it is indeed unbearable,” Finnick declared as he gazed into her eyes.
###Chapter 862
Chapter 862 
Returning his gaze, she flung herself right into his embrace. 
A long time had passed since Vivian heard Finnick whisper sweet nothings to her. But, what he had just declared was worth a lifetime of sweet nothings added together. 
It was because those words were an accurate reflection of their emotions. Vivian felt that it was the sweetest thing that she had ever heard him say. 
“Alright, alright, my silly gal.” Finnick tousled her head with a smile before wiping the tears off the corner of his eye. 
Meanwhile, while having lunch with Larry outside, Noah couldn’t help but smile when he reminisced about his chat with Ivana. 
Although they had not seen much of each other, Ivana seemed to have slowly grown on him. The moment he closed his eyes, the image of her would fill his mind. 
“That’s right. I do like you. I started liking you from the moment you asked my help to massage Vivian’s brows.” 
Just when Noah asked Ivana whether she liked him earlier, Ivana’s confession had caused his heart to beat furiously. 
Noah had never been in a relationship before and had always maintained a cold demeanor. It was a miracle that he didn’t scare the girls off. And now, someone had fallen for him instead. 
With that thought in mind, Noah couldn’t help but smile.
“Noah, why are you smiling?” Larry asked. It was the first time he had seen Noah this happy. 
Larry remembered Noah’s expression to have always been cold. Hence, it was very rare to see him smiling as he did today. 
“No reason. Quick, finish your meal, I’m dropping you off at school after this.” 
There was no way Noah was going to share something like that with Larry. Telling Larry would make him a bad influence on the kid. 
Pouting in response, Larry buried his head in his food. 
Back at the ward, Finnick and Vivian were both lying in bed. 
“Vivian, I’m sorry to have caused you to suffer.” Finnick realized that he owed his dom to Vivian this time. 
Without her, he didn’t even know when he would be released. 
“It’s nothing. You’re my husband. Of course I’ll rescue you.” Vivian laughed before looking at the ceiling thoughtfully. 
“What did you say I was?” Finnick caught the word amidst her sentence. Looking at her, he wanted her to repeat it again. 
“What?” Vivian played dumb as she looked at Finnick. 
“That word!” Finnick glared at her as if warning her to repeat it or else. 
Left without a choice, Vivian repeated it, “Hubby.”
The moment he heard it, Finnick jumped in joy and hugged Vivian so tightly that he didn’t want to let go. 
Ever since they got back together, Vivian rarely addressed him that way. But now that she did, it felt like a treasured moment for him. 
“Hehe, alright. Let’s stop fooling around and get down to business.” Vivian suddenly remembered that there were several matters that needed their attention. 
Although Finnick had been released, the company was still in turmoil as the dust had yet to settle. 
Cognizant of the situation, he then listened in earnest to what Vivian had to say. 
“Now that we have determined your innocence, we have proof that Evelyn was behind everything. I sent Noah to the nursing home to search for her but he couldn’t find her. Nevertheless, I still believe that she is definitely there,” Vivian declared. This was the first time she ever asserted something without any evidence. 
“Mmm.” Giving it some thought, Finnick felt her assumption made sense and motioned her to continue. 
“We have the police to look for Evelyn. As for the company, we have to deal with it ourselves.” Vivian explained to him what the current situation was as he listened intently. 
In truth, Finnick already knew everything. But, he didn’t bring it up earlier because he didn’t want Vivian to worry. 
“Mmm,” he continued to acknowledge what Vivian said. 
“Therefore, I’ll get myself discharged tomorrow so that we can deal with the company’s problems together.”
###Chapter 863
Chapter 863 
However, Finnick ed, “No.” 
“Why?” 
“You have not recovered yet.” 
After all, Vivian had hurt her head and it would be terrible if there were any long-term effects. 
“I’m fine. I know my body very well.” 
Given how persistent she was, Finnick couldn’t help but agree. 
Now that Finnick had returned to the office, there were tons of issues that needed his attention. 
Meanwhile, Vivian was due to be discharged today. Finnick had planned to pick her up but she didn’t allow him to do so. Hence, he didn’t come in the end. 
On one side, it was because Vivian threatened him not to, and on the other side, his company needed his undivided attention. Therefore, Finnick decided not to go after giving it some thought. 
Instead, he instructed Noah and a couple of bodyguards to send her home. 
“Mrs. Norton, please take your time.” 
When Noah saw Vivian, he extended his hand to help her. But when he remembered it to be inappropriate for his station, he retracted his hand awkwardly. 
Vivian noticed Noah’s conflicted reaction and found it amusing. However, she kept her laughter to herself.
“Hey, Noah. Are you leaving just like that?” The moment Noah and Vivian stepped out of the hospital, a girl’s voice rang out from behind them. 
Turning around, Vivian recognized her as the nurse that changed her IV drip. Glancing at Noah, Vivian continued walking ahead knowingly. 
“I’ll wait for you in the car.” Right after she spoke, Vivian nodded cordially at Ivana who returned her greeting. 
Although Noah was the family bodyguard, he was still human and had the right to love just like anyone else. 
Hence, Vivian never restricted his dom from doing so. In fact, after serving their family for so many years, Vivian would be glad if he managed to find a partner. 
“What is it?” Noah looked at Ivana who was dressed casually today. 
He felt that there was a vibrant and energetic vibe to her in her casual clothes compared to her stern demeanor in her nurse uniform. 
Despite the polar extremes, they were not in any conflict at all. 
“What do you think? Why didn’t you tell me you were leaving today? What am I going to do after you leave?” 
Ivana had just found out that Vivian was being discharged today while she was looking for Noah. 
The moment she heard it, she hurried downstairs and was glad to have caught Noah before he left. Or else, she really didn’t know where else to find him.
“My employer has recovered, so it’s natural that I have to leave.” With Ivana fuming at him, Noah didn’t realize anything was wrong. He was puzzled as to why Ivana made it sound like it was a bad thing. 
“In that case… how do I contact you the next time?” 
When she heard his reply, her domineering attitude changed into one that was submissive, causing Noah to feel guilty. Extending his hand, he wanted to pat her on the back to comfort her. 
But when he realized it wasn’t appropriate, he had no choice but to stare at her and hoped that she didn’t cry. 
When she realized her damsel in distress act didn’t work, she couldn’t help but feel that Noah had the emotional sensitivity similar to a piece of wood, knowing nothing at all. 
“Don’t you even know how to comfort me?” Ivana looked helplessly at Noah. 
Although the man has never been in a relationship before, but could he really be that insensitive? 
Holding that thought, Ivana still felt that an inexperienced guy was surely better than a silver-tongued playboy. 
“Erm, I’m busy at the moment as Mrs. Norton is waiting for me.” Despite her pleas, Noah remembered that Vivian was waiting in the car for him. Therefore, he had no choice but to ditch Ivana and go back to Vivian. 
“Hey.” Ivana watched Noah enter the car without even turning back to look at her. 
She was filled with sadness but couldn’t express it to him. After all, he wasn’t her boyfriend and she didn’t have the right to interfere with his life.
“Mrs. Norton, I’m sorry for making you wait.” The moment Noah entered the car, he saw Vivian looking bored and immediately realized she must have been waiting for him for a long time. 
“It’s alright. Everyone has the right to pursue their own happiness.” Vivian wasn’t just a considerate employer, she was in fact an exceptionally wise one too.
###Chapter 864
Chapter 864 
It delighted her to see that someone was interested in Noah. 
However, there was little time for her to indulge in her moment of happiness. She still needed to head toward Finnick’s office and get to work. 
“Alright, there’s still time for dating after work. The company is the priority now.” 
Given the dire circumstances the company was in, the last thing it needed was to have its situation deteriorate because of Noah’s infatuation with a young girl. It wasn’t worth it at all. 
“Yes, naturally so.” Noah’s mind was put at ease when he saw that Vivian wasn’t upset with him. 
“Quick, follow that car.” 
Just when Vivian and Noah were chatting in the car, they realized they were being tailed by another car. 
Noah ordered the driver to increase his speed at once. As Vivian was only getting discharged from the hospital, he didn’t bring many men with him. 
Vivian didn’t think too much about it too which resulted in their current predicament. 
They were going as fast as they could. Any faster would put their lives in danger. 
However, if they stopped, they would be harmed by whoever was pursuing them. 
Although they didn’t know who it was that was chasing them, it was time to find out. After all, Noah and Finnick had worked together for a long time.
“Mrs. Norton, please sit tight.” The moment they made a sharp turn, Noah switched places with the driver. The speed at which they did it was simply astounding. 
This was the first time she saw him demonstrate his skills and felt that it was unbelievable. 
They did it while the car was making a sharp turn. Why didn’t they do it on a straight road instead? 
Vivian was puzzled by it. But, given how smoothly they executed the move, Vivian figured that they must have been very well trained. 
“Mrs. Norton, are you alright?” Noah realized how dangerous the speed they were traveling at was. However, he had no choice as it was easier switching seats during a turn. 
Fortunately, Noah had rehearsed this many times and knew exactly how to do it. Or else, Vivian and he would probably be dead by now. 
When Noah saw the group of cars closing in behind them, he began to feel nervous. 
After all, he wasn’t as skillful as Finnick. If Vivian got hurt under his protection, it would be considered a serious dereliction of his duty. 
“Mrs. Norton, sit tight.” Just when Noah planned to use his last trump card, he saw cars screeching to a half right in front of them. 
“F*ck!” Noah cursed. He realized that they were now trapped. 
He picked up his phone at once and sent a signal to Finnick. After that, he turned to look at Vivian. 
Despite being frightened by the episode, she quickly understood the situation they were in. Looking at the men surrounding their car, she straightened her clothes and shot Noah a glance before alighting. 
“Mrs. Norton…” Noah was shocked to see her get out.
None of those men were decent and they were here to exact revenge on the Norton family. 
Noah was well aware that these were turbulent times but he didn’t expect their enemies to take action so quickly. 
That thought alone stumped him. 
Now, their only hope was for Finnick to come and rescue them. 
Noah and Finnick shared an alarm system between them. If one of them was in danger, the other would be notified instantly. 
As he had already sent Finnick a distress signal, his job now was to stall for time for as long as possible. That way, they may still have a chance to escape. 
However, when he saw Vivian leaving the car, his heart skipped a beat. If they had stayed in the car, they might have been able to buy some time as their attackers could do nothing. 
“May I know who you are?” After Vivian alighted, the men from the other cars got out and stared at her. 
“Wow, you’re pretty!” When the man who got down saw Vivian, he was intrigued. 
They were indeed under orders to attack Vivian. But no one said that they couldn’t fool around with her first.
###Chapter 865
Chapter 865 
With that thought in mind, they exchanged glances while ogling at Vivian’s figure. 
Whoa, her breasts might be a little small, but she still looks pretty hot. 
When Vivian saw the look in their eyes, she was disgusted by what was going through their minds. 
She hated it when others looked at her like that. But, she had no choice as she was currently at a disadvantage. 
“Who are you? Don’t you even dare reveal your identity?” Vivian wanted to sear their names into her mind. When they had made a comeback she would definitely want to trample them beneath her feet. 
“About that, you should get your man to talk to us about it,” The man who seemed to be their leader replied along with a wolf whistle. 
After all, Vivian was a lady and had no authority to negotiate with them. 
However, it would be different with Finnick. They would be able to sit down with him as they were there to take revenge over his company’s debt to them. 
As long as Finnick compensated them and made it worth their while, they would stop troubling him. 
When they saw Vivian, she didn’t look like she was in charge. Hence, there was no point in discussing anything with her. 
“Since you’re looking for my man, I don’t see the need to trouble a helpless woman then?” Vivian knew what they were after having heard their words. 
All they wanted was some money and benefit.
However, given the company’s dire financial situation, she knew they couldn’t afford to placate this bunch of predator-looking beasts. 
If she did pay them off, some other debtor would adopt the same tactic and demanded to be paid. 
What can Finnor Group do then? It will be trapped between a rock and a hard place. 
Compared to the past when Vivian would just hide behind Finnick when faced with a similar situation, she was now a lot more experienced. 
She had now become bolder ever since Finnick wasn’t around. She had realized that he wasn’t able to protect her in his current condition. 
Now that she could read the opposing party’s mind while protecting herself, she had slowly grown into someone capable of assisting Finnick. 
“But, we would still like to meet his woman.” Just as he spoke, the group laughed deviously as they gave Vivian a lecherous look. 
However, Vivian wasn’t bothered because she knew they were just taunting her. 
Despite knowing that, Noah still couldn’t stand it. He muttered behind Vivian, “Mrs. Norton, please don’t mind these ruffians.” 
The group of men were outraged by his words. 
“Damn it, who are you calling ruffians?” This was the first time they were ridiculed by a bodyguard, especially one that was at a disadvantage. 
Feeling humiliated, they began to curse in fury.
“Do you disagree? It’s the company that has caused your loss. Instead of looking for the person responsible for your loss, why are you making it difficult for a lady?” Vivian snapped, having lost her patience. 
A magnetic voice answered in response, “In that case, get her.” 
When Noah heard him, he stood in front of Vivian to protect her while the group of men unholstered their guns. 
As the sound of a bullet whizzed past their ears, the air was filled with the heavy smell of gunpowder. 
At the very next moment, Noah collapsed to the ground with his body covered in blood. 
Vivian covered her mouth in shock. She didn’t expect them to actually shoot someone. 
Glaring angrily at them, she seared their faces into her mind. She vowed that she would one day repay them with blood. 
Just when they were about to take another shot, Finnick arrived. 
When Vivian saw Finnick’s car plate, she felt invigorated at once. 
The fear that had seized her dissipated immediately. 
Now, all she could hope for was for Finnick to send Noah to the hospital in time. After all, he was shot while protecting her. 
No one wanted this to happen.
###Chapter 866
Chapter 866 
The group of men was equally shocked to see Noah collapse to the ground. When they saw the approaching car, they were aware that Finnick had arrived. 
As if they were acting upon someone’s instructions, the men retreated quickly. By the time Finnick got out of his car, it looked as if they were never there. 
The only evidence left was Noah lying on the ground. 
“Finnick, quick, we need to get him to the hospital.” 
Vivian had no time to explain as the bullet had hit Noah in his chest. 
Blood was oozing out non-stop and he needed to be treated at the hospital at once. 
Or else, his life would be in danger soon. 
On the way to the hospital, everyone looked worriedly at the trembling Noah, hoping that he would be fine. 
“M-Mr. Norton.” Noah’s mind was put at ease at the sight of Finnick. He knew only Finnick could protect Vivian. 
“I’m here, so stop talking. We will be at the hospital soon.” Finnick intensified his frown when he saw Noah’s injury. 
Finnick knew how much Noah had suffered over the years working for him. And now, he was shot on his account. 
Despite feeling guilty, he didn’t forget to check Vivian’s body to see if she was harmed.
Luckily she wasn’t, or else he would feel much worse. 
It was all because he hadn’t sent enough bodyguards to protect her. Or else, her life wouldn’t have been in danger. 
Reaching out to grab her hand, he apologized with all the strength he could muster, “I’m sorry.” 
Vivian looked at Finnick’s pale expression. She knew what Finnick was thinking and how he already had his hands full in the office. 
While the problems at the company had yet to be addressed, she felt bad for increasing the burden he had. Moreover, she even got his right-hand man injured. Consequently, she felt that she was the one who should be apologizing. 
“Finnick, Noah was injured while trying to protect me.” Vivian felt guilty and would prefer herself to be the one that was shot instead. 
If Noah were to lose his life because of her, she wouldn’t even know how to face her own guilt. 
However, she knew it was too early to speculate on his condition as they had yet to reach the hospital. 
“Don’t worry, it will be fine.” Finnick stroke Vivian’s back hoping to calm her down. 
Finnick knew that Noah had done a lot for them. Ever since the betrayal, he had worked doubly hard to protect them. 
Everything he did was in their best interests. Hence, all they could do now was hope that he could recover quickly. 
In the midst of their worries, they finally arrived at the hospital.
The medical staff brought them a stretcher quickly and loaded Noah on top. Only then did Vivian feel a sense of relief. 
Now that they were in the hospital, they could quickly know what his actual condition was. 
Furthermore, she believed that the doctor would do his best to save Noah. 
“Mrs. Norton, Mrs. Norton, what happened to Noah?” 
Just when she was deep in thought, Vivian saw a lady in a nurse’s uniform running toward her. With tears rolling down her eyes, she grabbed Vivian’s hand. 
Vivian could recognize her as the nurse who called out to Noah when they left the hospital earlier. 
“He was shot while trying to protect me,” Vivian replied guiltily as she looked at Ivana. 
“Shot? Where?” 
Ivana was doing her rounds in the hospital when she saw a familiar scar on a patient’s hand. 
She remembered the scar as she had seen it on Noah’s hand before. 
Hence, she rushed over anxiously at once. 
“His heart.” 
Ivana’s sobs suddenly stopped upon hearing Vivian’s reply. It wasn’t because she didn’t want to cry but her heart didn’t allow her to. 
If his heart was injured, that means his chances of survival are…
As a nurse, Ivana knew the consequences well. In the face of the situation, she didn’t know what else to do other than patiently waiting for Noah to come out of surgery.” 
“Finnick, when Noah recovers, let’s not let him be our bodyguard anymore, alright?” When Vivian saw how worried Ivana was, she felt that her feelings for Noah must be real.
###Chapter 867
Chapter 867 
In fact, Vivian found her to be nice girl. Therefore, she planned to encourage them to be together once Noah had recovered. 
After all, he needed to have his own life and it would be unreasonable to have him be their bodyguard for life. 
“Alright.” Finnick nodded in agreement having looked around and comprehend the situation. 
Now that Noah was hurt while protecting them, Finnick didn’t dare allow him to continue working as a bodyguard, for fear that he would do something even more outrageous. 
“Noah, be strong. You have to get out of there quickly.” Ivana knew that just waiting there wasn’t going to make a difference. She needed to do something to let him know that she was waiting for him. 
“Noah, Noah. Please come out safe. As long as you do, I’ll go out with you. I’ll also tell you a secret. In fact, I’ll even promise you one thing,” Ivana screamed her lungs out. 
Standing beside her, Vivian and Finnick didn’t know what else they could do other than watch on. 
Her screams were so loud that she startled one of the doctors. 
“What are you screaming for?” 
The doctor snapped at Ivana when he saw that she was one of the hospital’s nurses. 
Having heard a response, Ivana looked up at the doctor who had just yelled back at her. 
Wiping her tears dry, she stared coldly at him.
“You…” The doctor was stumped as he returned Ivana’s gaze. 
“You are fired!” Just as Ivana spoke, she reached out and pulled away the doctor’s ID tag. 
Coincidentally, the doors to the emergency room flung open. 
Not in the mood to argue with a junior doctor, Ivana approached the surgeon and enquired about Noah’s condition. 
The surgeon was briefly stunned by Ivana before turning to Vivian and Finnick. “The patient is in a stable condition now. All he needs is rest.” 
Having heard the surgeon, the three of them heaved a sigh of relief. 
After waiting for such a long time, they were ecstatic to know that Noah would be fine. 
However, when Ivana wanted to enter the operation theater, the doctor stopped her. 
“The room has been decontaminated.” 
Ivana immediately realized that she couldn’t enter and hence waited for Noah to be brought out instead. 
When she saw Noah’s pale face, she couldn’t help but feel sorry for him. 
She turned toward Vivian and Finnick, “How much do you want for releasing Noah to me?” 
Ivana no longer wanted Noah to suffer in service to them. 
Having heard Ivana’s words, the guilt that Vivian felt intensified further. 
The fact that someone pointed out that Noah was hurt because of her simply made it worse.
However, this wasn’t something to be decided by her. 
She had already agreed with Finnick to release Noah after he had recovered so that he didn’t have to protect them anymore. 
Therefore, he was no longer considered their bodyguard. 
“Noah’s dom doesn’t belong to us,” Vivian explained. 
Finnick had wanted to explain but Vivian stopped him, for fear that his attitude would just make things worse. 
After all, it was easier to talk about the matter from woman to woman as they could empathize with each other. 
“Fine. You said it yourself. Please remember that.” After hearing Vivian’s promise, she assumed that Noah would no longer work for them and would be to spend time with her. 
The thought alone cheered her up. 
After all, it was bliss to be able to stay by the side of the one she loved. 
Of course, this was all assuming Noah felt the same way about her. 
Nevertheless, Ivana was confident that she had everything it took for Noah to fall for her. Hence, it was just a matter of time before it happened. 
“Since Noah is fine now, we will complete the paperwork for his hospital admission. After that, we will be on our way.” 
When Vivian saw Ivana by Noah’s side. She felt that there was no need for her to be there anymore.
Besides, there was still a lot of work at the company that demanded their attention.
###Chapter 868
Chapter 868 
Finnick nodded as he agreed to Vivian’s suggestion. With that, both of them left. 
When they returned to the ward after completing the admission procedures, their hearts were warmed when they saw Ivana taking care of Noah attentively. 
Knock… Knock… Ivana walked out of the room when she saw that it was Vivian. 
Ivana was cordial toward Vivian mainly because of how important she was to Noah. 
“What is it?” Ivana asked when she saw that Vivian had something to say. 
“Please take good care of Noah as we have to head back to the office to attend to urgent matters. Call me if there’s anything,” Vivian instructed sternly as she looked into Ivana’s eyes. 
As it was exactly what she wanted to do, Ivana nodded in agreement. 
“This is my card and it has my number on top. Call me if there’s any need.” Vivian handed Ivana a name card from the magazine company and waited for her response. 
The moment she saw Ivana nod, she left together with Finnick. 
In the car, Vivian asked, “How bad is the situation in the company?” 
She could guess the answer from the grim look on his face. 
All this time, she was so focused on rescuing Finnick from prison and that she neglected the company. 
However, it wasn’t a fault as she was simply stretched too thin. She was a lady who never had to manage so much in her life.
When it came to the company’s situation, even Finnick was having trouble keeping it afloat, let alone someone like her that knew nothing. 
Therefore, the only thing that she could do was to provide him moral support. 
Checking on the time, Vivian realized that Larry was about to get off school. Hence, she got Finnick to turn around so that they could pick Larry up first. 
Ever since the company was in trouble, they hardly had time for him. Instead, they would get Noah to do everything with Larry and neglect their responsibility as parents. 
Vivian felt guilty as she thought about it. 
After all, they were his biological parents and it wasn’t right to get someone unrelated to look after Larry. 
After voicing her concerns to Finnick, he agreed with her. 
He then drove a little faster just so that he could see Larry as soon as possible. Ever since he was released from prison, Finnick only saw Larry once. He really missed him much. 
When they arrived at the kindergarten, his class wasn’t dismissed yet. Hence, Vivian and Finnick waited outside. 
While they were waiting, they saw a girl approach them. 
They recognized her as Joey who had greeted them before the last time they met. 
“Hi, Mr. and Mrs. Norton, are you here to pick Larry up?” Joey asked respectfully. 
Everyone loved kids who were well-mannered. When she saw how cute and polite the little girl was, Vivian couldn’t help but yearn for one of her own.
“Yes, you’re right,” Vivian replied Joey. 
“Their class is ending soon. Please wait a moment longer. Anyway, I’m going off now. Goodbye.” 
Just as she spoke, Joey disappeared from their sight. 
Watching Joey’s silhouette, Vivian felt that the fleeting encounter with the little girl had brightened up their boring wait. 
A moment later, Larry came out just as Joey had predicted. 
This time Larry came out alone and was no longer surrounded like the last time. 
“Daddy, Mommy.” He was delighted to see that his parents came to pick him up. 
After all, they hadn’t had much time for him recently because of work. 
Despite feeling upset, Larry didn’t blame them for it. He knew that they were fighting for the company’s survival. 
“Hi, son!” Finnick replied happily. 
A smile emerged from Finnick’s stern face the moment he saw Larry.
###Chapter 869
Chapter 869 
This must be what fatherhood means. 
Vivian looked on at both father and son in delight. 
Ever since the company fell into dire straits, it was rare for them to experience happy moments like this as a family. 
“Wait.” In the midst of their joy, Finnick’s expression suddenly turned wary. 
He had noticed a shadow flash by them suddenly. 
He figured that they were targeting Larry but decided against making their move due to his presence. 
Frightened by that thought, he felt that it wasn’t safe for Larry to continue going to school until the issues at the company were resolved. 
Vivian agreed when he shared his concerns with her. Hence, they took leave from the teachers on Larry’s behalf before heading home. 
Despite seeing Larry smile all the way home, Vivian knew that he really enjoyed going to school and was upset that he now had to stay home. 
“Larry, listen to me. Your safety is at risk due to what is going on at the company. There are some bad people who are looking to do us harm. Hence, you have to stay at home to keep yourself safe,” Vivian explained in a solemn tone, hoping that he was able to grasp the gravity of the situation. 
“Mmm. I’ll wait till Daddy’s company has stabilized before going back to school.”
As Larry was a sensible child, Vivian was confident that he would understand their position after having explained it to him. 
Furthermore, they were doing this for his own protection, which Larry understood well. 
Vivian looked at him with a relieved expression. 
However, it occurred to her that since Noah was in the hospital, they had a dilemma. They couldn’t watch over him all the time and she didn’t feel secure letting someone else do so. 
“Finnick, do you think it’s a good idea to leave Larry with Grandpa?” 
She felt that since Samuel liked Larry a lot, he would likely be willing to watch over him on their behalf. 
“Hmm. I suppose so.” Finnick wasn’t sure if Samuel was willing to do it but it was worth a try. 
“Larry, do you want to stay with Grandpa?” 
They knew they had to seek Larry’s permission before sending him to Samuel. Larry was mature for his age and had a mind of his own. Hence, Vivian wanted him to make his own decision. 
“Sure,” when Vivian heard Larry’s soft reply, she glanced at Finnick. As both of them nodded at each other, Finnick turned the car around and drove in the opposite direction. 
Since they were going to drop him off at Samuel’s, they knew they couldn’t go empty-handed. Hence, they decided to buy some gifts which would likely make him happy. 
“Finnick, what if Grandpa isn’t willing to help?” Vivian liked to worry more than the average person. She felt that they would end up in an awkward situation if Samuel declined to do so. 
“Don’t worry, it’s not like Grandpa has anything better to do. In fact, he is dying to have Larry over.”
After all, Finnick knew Samuel best as he had spent a lot more time with him. Having her concerns addressed, Vivian focused on picking out health supplements as gifts. 
Although Grandpa was advanced in age, he was a lot healthier than his peers. 
Therefore, he hardly needed any supplements and it became a challenge to pick out what was suitable for him. 
Previously, while Vivian was bored at home, she had read about supplements that were good for the elderly. Hence, after picking out some and paying for them, she left the shop. 
“What’s wrong?” After she got into the car, she saw Finnick staring out the window for a long time. 
Curious, she looked in the same trajectory he was watching and saw a group of men in casual clothing, staring in the direction of their car. 
Vivian was shocked. Were they following us the whole time? 
If we didn’t stop to get health supplements, would they have pursued us until Grandpa’s house? 
Vivian couldn’t believe it. What will Grandpa do if they reach his home? 
“Don’t worry, there are tons of bodyguards at Grandpa’s house.” Finnick had shifted his gaze away from the rearview mirror. When he saw how worried Vivian looked, he knew what was on her mind at once.
###Chapter 870
Chapter 870 
“Hmm, that’s good. In that case, why don’t we take another detour before heading home?” Vivian suggested. Despite having a lot of bodyguards, it was better if they didn’t find the place. 
In fact, Finnick had already formulated a plan to do it. In a short while, they quickly lost the group of men. 
As Finnick floored the accelerator, the fumes from the exhaust look as if they were mocking the group of men left behind. 
“Daddy, Mommy, what do those men want with us?” Larry was puzzled as he continued to watch what his parents were doing. 
As he had no idea, he decided to ask. 
“Those are bad people. That’s why you have to be careful when you go out.” Vivian was worried that the men would come to their home. Hence, it was better she reminded Larry of the need to be vigilant. 
Although he couldn’t grasp the complexity of the situation, Larry still nodded at Vivian’s words. 
Looking out the window at the passing scenery, Vivian wondered when this never ending nightmare would end. 
All she wanted was a stable life as she was sick of what she had to go through lately. 
However, she had no choice as that was the reality. Hence, she had to force herself to endure what she hated. 
Lost in thought, a familiar view soon appeared before her.
Vivian knew that they had arrived at Samuel’s house. Straightening her clothes, she led Larry out of the car. 
After parking the car, Finnick pressed on the doorbell and was welcomed by the maid who opened the door. 
“Mr. Norton, Mrs. Norton, Mr. Larry.” 
Having greeted them, the maid stepped aside and ushered them in. 
“Grandpa.” Finnick entered and saw Samuel reading the papers. 
After Finnick greeted him, Vivian and Larry followed suit. 
When they were done, Samuel put down his papers and looked at the three of them. 
“Have a seat.” Samuel picked up the teacup on the table and took a sip. 
“Go ahead and say it,” Samuel asked knowingly before Finnick even said a thing. 
He was fully aware Finnick only visited whenever he needed something. 
Looking back, Finnick realized that he had indeed been unfilial. However, now wasn’t the time to think about that as there were more pressing matters at hand. 
Finnick looked at Samuel awkwardly, not knowing how to begin. 
“Just say whatever you came here to. I’m not blaming you.” 
Samuel was aware that as a young adult, Finnick wouldn’t have the patience to accompany an old man.
But he only had one grandson. If he had a granddaughter instead, things would likely be very different. 
“Erm, I’m sure you’re aware of my current situation?” Finnick probed. If Samuel wasn’t, it would mean that his subordinates were incompetent for failing to keep him informed. 
“I am.” 
“I plan to leave Larry here for a few days, hoping that you can watch over him on our behalf.” 
“Sure.” 
After a brief exchange, Samuel readily agreed to Finnick’s request as he knew they were currently in a pinch. 
Moreover, he was also aware that other than him, there was no one else that could help them. 
After all, it was his grandson that built Finnor Group from scratch and he too wasn’t willing to see it go bust. 
Therefore, all he could hope for now was for them to try their best to restore Finnor Group to its former glory and for him to enjoy his twilight years in peace. 
“Thanks, Grandpa.” Vivian was delighted to hear that Samuel had agreed to their request. 
Prior to this, she was troubled by the fact that Samuel might not want to help. However, it now appeared that she had overthought things. 
“Don’t thank me. After receiving all the gifts you brought, how can I not agree?” Samuel had a soft spot for Vivian, hence he pretended to be angry at her. 
Obviously, she knew that he was teasing her and laughed along with him.
“Care to stay for dinner?” Samuel suggested.
###Chapter 871
Chapter 871 
“Of course,” Vivian and Finnick agreed in unison. 
Just like that, all of them had dinner before returning home. 
When they were leaving, Vivian and Finnick were reluctant to leave Larry and he felt the same way too. 
However, they had no choice but to do so as it was more dangerous for him to stay with them. 
Furthermore, it would be harder on him as there was no one to look after him. 
Nevertheless, it wasn’t their fault at all. Evelyn was the source of all their troubles. 
“Don’t worry, we will come and take you home soon enough.” Vivian tousled Larry’s hair as she tried her best to hold back her tears. 
Once the tears flowed, all their plans would be for naught. 
“Alright Larry, you have to be brave because you’re a boy. Take good care of Grandpa. Mommy and I are leaving now.” Finnick stepped in just when Vivian couldn’t endure it any longer. 
Although Larry was upset, he knew that a boy had to be strong, just as Finnick had said. 
“Alright. I’ll be good and wait for both of you.” Compared to Vivian losing her composure, Larry was a lot calmer. 
He was aware that it must have been agonizing for Vivian to leave him. Hence, he had to put up a brave front so as to not make things any worse for her.
However, the reality was the exact opposite of what Larry thought. It was precisely because he was mature for his age that made Vivian feel sorry for him. 
“Goodbye, Daddy, Mommy.” Larry closed the door right after he bid them farewell. Leaving Vivian and Finnick standing outside. 
Vivian squatted down at the door and took a while to recover her composure. After that, she held Finnick’s hand and headed home together. 
When they arrived home after a long day, they were greeted by an empty house. After laying down on the bed for a while, both of them quickly fell asleep. 
In her dreams, Vivian saw Larry smiling happily at her and calling her Mommy. 
After that, his expression changed drastically, and started bawling. He began accusing Vivian of resenting him and not loving him. 
Finally, Vivian was jolted awake by the nightmare. 
When she woke up, she realized that Finnick was no longer beside her. 
Checking her phone, she saw that it was only seven-thirty in the morning. She quickly washed up and headed downstairs. There, she saw Finnick busying in the kitchen. 
It seems he had woken up early simply because he wanted to make breakfast for me. 
Holding that thought, Vivian walked to Finnick’s side and watched him cook. 
Half a year ago, he almost burned down the house while cooking. But now, it seemed that his skills had improved a lot. 
He must have been practicing in secret all this while.
Thinking to herself, Vivian took a seat by the dining table and waited for Finnick to serve. 
“Good morning, Honey.” Holding a plate of fried eggs, Finnick gave Vivian a gentle look. 
“Good morning, Hubby,” Vivian replied with a smile. 
“Today, I hope we can pull ourselves together as the company’s fate will be decided here.” 
Since Finnick’s return yesterday, he had gotten his employees to come back to work. 
When he saw that everyone was present, he gave all of them words of encouragement. 
As he had thought of a plan last night, his mood was exceptionally good in the morning. 
However, it was a dangerous plan and was an all-or-nothing gamble. Nevertheless, he wouldn’t know if he never tried. 
With that thought in mind, he led Vivian into the office. 
The employees wondered if the lady behind Finnick Mrs. Norton was. However, they soon focused on their work after Finnick pressured them to do so. 
As time flew by, it was already evening and time to check whether his plan worked. 
However, before he turned on his computer, Finnick received a parcel of documents. 
Opening it up to read, he realized it was a takeover agreement by the Neville Group. 
Feeling upset, he realized a problem after going through it a few times. 
Most of Finnor Group’s shareholders had sold their shares to the Neville Group.
If the president of Neville Group managed to increase his stake further, Finnick would no longer be in charge of Finnor Group. Instead, the president of Neville Group, Chase Neville, being the largest shareholder, would also end up being the Chairperson for Finnor Group.
###Chapter 872
Chapter 872 
Staring at the news, Finnick felt a blow to his heart. 
He tried to calm down by telling himself that he still had a backup plan. If this plan works, then there is no need to be worried about Neville Group. 
With a mixed feeling of excitement and anxiousness, Finnick turned on his other computer. But a few seconds after he glanced at the screen, he suddenly dropped the documents in his hand. 
Vivian, who was sitting on the sofa, was stunned by Finnick’s reaction. Right away, she knew that his plan did not work out. 
“It’s okay. We will come up with another solution,” Vivian comforted Finnick and tried to calm herself down at the same time. 
“What the h*ll would you know? Do you know how much work I have poured out for this?” Unable to control his rage, Finnick yelled at Vivian, but he regretted it the very next second. 
That was because he had never yelled at Vivian before. 
Thus, Vivian froze in shock for a few moment, and so did Finnick. 
Vivian’s heart twitched in pain as she could not believe that the man she loved would treat her in such a manner. 
“Vivian, I am really sorry… I was just too upset about it…” Finnick held Vivian’s hand gently, hoping that she would forgive him.
Finnick had almost lost everything, and he could not bear to lose Vivian too. Right at that moment, he realized how precious Vivian was to him, making him feel even more guilty about his earlier attitude. 
“It’s fine…” Vivian understood that Finnick was just too emotional. Hence, she did not blame him at all, as she would have lost control too at times like these. She only hoped that she could be there for him through these periods of trial. 
“Vivian, Neville Group is going to acquire Finnor Group. What should I do?” It took tremendous courage for Finnick to admit it. 
Realizing that he could not do anything to stop this, he felt as though a thousand needles were stabbing through his heart. 
Finnick had dedicated his entire life to Finnor Group. In fact, he had never imagined a life without it. 
Without this career, it would be hard for him to sustain his family, let alone giving Vivian the life that she wanted. 
“Finnick, it’s fine. Don’t worry.” Patting gently on Finnick’s shoulder, Vivian continued to comfort him. “If Neville Group is to acquire Finnor Group, surely we’ll get paid in return as well. We can start another company with that money. I am sure with your talent, you can build a better one in no time.” 
The response that she had anticipated from Finnick never came. What she heard was, unexpectedly, Finnick’s light and steady breathing. 
She looked down at the man, only to discover that he had fallen asleep. 
Over the past two days, he had been hustling nonstop in order to save his company. 
Seeing that he was finally able to get some sleep after such an exhausting workload, Vivian was relieved.
Afraid to wake him up, Vivian tried to be as quiet as she could. And carefully, she reached for Finnick’s phone and made a call. 
“Hello, Mr. Norton wanted me to let all of you know that you can clock out for today.” 
Vivian did not forget about all the employees who were still working at that late hour. 
She thought that everyone had their own families to go back to. And since it had long past their working hours, they should be allowed to leave the office. 
“Alright. Thank you.” The assistant on the phone responded professionally. 
Initially, the assistant intended to ask about the outcome, but she hesitated as she was unsure who was on the phone. 
Eventually, she figured it was better to ask Finnick in person when he arrived at the office the next morning. 
All the employees were pleased after receiving that particular notification. Soon after that, they started to chit-chat in excitement. 
But after they realized Finnick was still in the office, they instinctively controlled their excitement and kept their volume down. 
Due to the recent crisis, the atmosphere at the company had gradually become tensed. Some employees hardly even opened their mouths at all during office hours as they kept their heads down. 
They were trying their best not to offend Finnick, especially in this critical period, in case he got mad and had them fired.
It was most likely that the company would not be able to survive. But if it did, those groups of people would definitely be blacklisted. Because all they ever cared about were their own benefits when the company needed them the most. 
Seeing that almost all the employees had left the building, Vivian switched into a more comfortable position on her chair. She tried to relax, but her mind was still full of worries. 
Before she realized it, she was already dozing off to sleep. Just like Finnick, she had been bearing too many burdens recently. 
And just like that, both of them slept soundly in the office until the next morning.
###Chapter 873
Chapter 873 
Sleeping for the whole night in such an uncomfortable posture, Finnick woke up feeling aches and cramps all over his body the next morning. 
Since Vivian was still asleep, Finnick carefully lifted up his head, trying hard not to wake her up. 
He could not believe that his head had been leaning on Vivian’s arm the entire night. 
Thus, he wanted to massage her arm, in hopes that she would feel less pain after she woke up. 
But the instant his hand touched Vivian’s arm, she opened her eyes. 
“Morning…” Vivian looked at him, clearly still in a daze. 
For quite a while, she was confused as to where she was. And then she recalled that they did not leave the office the previous night. 
All of a sudden, her head was throbbing in pain. She wanted to massage her temples, only to realize that she could barely move her arm. 
Her arm, which Finnick rested on for so many hours, had become completely numb. Not only that, she even felt great pain whenever she tried to move it. 
Seeing that Vivian was groaning in pain, Finnick’s heart was filled with guilt. 
If I wasn’t so tired last night, we wouldn’t have to stay the night at the office. And I wouldn’t have slept on her arm. Ugh… This was all my fault. 
“It’s fine,” Vivian said while trying to move her arm. To her relief, her arm resumed to normal after a short while.
“Come on. Let’s wash up and have breakfast. You have a deal to discuss today.” Vivian started to cheer Finnick up, hoping that they would have a fresh start. 
Recalling what happened the day before, she sincerely hoped that Finnick would not be discouraged by this setback in his life. 
“Okay. Let’s go.” Finnick knew what she was trying to do. Holding her hand gently, they headed towards the washroom. 
There was no one in the office yet as it was still early. 
At that very hour, the large office seemed deserted and rather lonely. 
Vivian was grateful that she was still able to feel Finnick’s warmth beside her. She told herself that she would not be afraid of any future storms coming their way, as long as they were together. 
There were all kinds of single-use toiletries in the office’s washroom, specially prepared for those who worked overtime. 
Finnick did not expect he would ever have to use one of those, as he assumed he would never need to work overtime. 
But it turned out that he was wrong. 
Looking at the white foam around each other’s mouths while brushing their teeth, both of them could not help but burst into laughter. 
Seeing Finnick was in a better mood than she had expected, Vivian began to relax a little. 
She knew that she could never fully understand Finnick’s feelings concerning this crisis.
All she could do was to comfort him, even though it might be useless. But she wanted Finnick to know that she would be by his side, even if it was the end of the world. 
After they finished washing up, they stepped out of the office building. By then, the sun was already shining, and the weather seemed really fine and pleasant. 
Just when they are thinking about what to eat, a few employees who came to work early greeted them at the entrance. 
Finnick only nodded slightly without greeting them back. On the other hand, Vivian merely smiled politely at them as they did not know her real identity. 
Those employees did not ask anything. As they thought, sometimes keeping the distance was the best respect one could give. 
In the end, Vivian suggested getting breakfast from a street vendor nearby. 
“From today onwards, we’re no longer rich, so we should try to cut any unnecessary expenses,” Vivian explained to Finnick. 
Upon hearing this, Finnick smiled back forcefully, trying hard to suppress the sorrow within him. 
“Okay.” He figured it was not a big deal. He had been through the worst in his life, and there was nothing he could not overcome. 
The only fear in his heart was to see the woman he loved suffering with him. 
With Vivian chowing down food bought from the street vendor, he realized that becoming poor was no longer a mere imagination.
Based on the current situation, he was unsure when they could go back to their previously luxurious life. At that moment, he felt like the most useless man in the world, failing to provide the best for his loved one. 
After a while, Finnick and Vivian finished their food, and Finnick wanted to bring Vivian back to the office. 
However, Vivian decided not to follow him as she knew Finnick needed to meet up with Chase later. 
If she stayed with Finnick, she might end up becoming a distraction, if not a burden. 
After Vivian expressed her concern truthfully to Finnick, he agreed for her to go home without him.
###Chapter 874
Chapter 874 
Initially, Vivian wanted to stop by Norton Residence to visit Larry, but she gave up this thought a second later. It would cause trouble for Larry if anyone saw her there. 
Despite missing her child desperately, Vivian could only control her urge and went back to her own place. 
Meanwhile, Finnick threw himself right into work after he reached the office. He paused for a while and glanced at his watch. It was already the time for their appointment. 
He then flipped through the document that Chase sent him to check on the meeting time and venue. 
At the same time, Chase was certain that Finnick would definitely show up, as this might be his only chance to overturn the situation. 
Chase had always taken a liking for Finnor Group’s resources and would be happy to own it. 
Hence, it would be a mutual relationship that benefited both parties. 
Back when Finnick first learned about Chase’s plans, he could not accept them. But after he cleared his thoughts and pondered for a long time, he realized this was his only way out. 
Even though he would lose Finnor Group, all things required certain sacrifice to grow and move forward. 
Looking at his watch, he realized he would be late soon. Thus, he swiftly packed his stuff and departed to the appointed venue. 
Right when he was about to start his car, a call came in.
“Hello, who is it?” 
“This is the police department. Am I speaking to Mr. Norton?” 
“Yes.” Finnick was stunned and puzzled by this unexpected call. 
The police department? Did someone set me up again? Will I be back in prison? 
Obviously, Finnick’s suspicion had no solid basis. It was merely out of his fear of being thrown into prison once again. 
“I am calling about the report you made about Evelyn. We have discovered a new clue that shows Evelyn appeared around Shadowhill.” 
After Finnick was d from prison, he started suing Evelyn for slandering him and conducting illegal acts. 
Ever since then, the police had investigated her and found Finnick’s accusation to be true. Hence, they started to observe Evelyn. 
However, Evelyn turned out to be extremely cautious, and they failed to identify any criminal act from her ever since. 
Their patience finally paid off when Evelyn was spotted around Shadowhill. 
“I see. Thanks for the update. Please continue to keep an eye on her.” 
Finnick was extremely concerned about this matter at that time, so he requested the police to inform him if they discovered anything. 
But he soon forgot about her case after that. Nonetheless, he was grateful to the police for keeping their promise.
“You are welcomed.” 
After hanging the phone, Finnick went deep into thoughts. 
Why would Evelyn go to Shadowhill? Shadowhill is a criminal area where lots of illegal transactions are performed underground. What’s her purpose going there? I have to find out. 
Hundreds of questions appeared in his mind, but he could not figure out any reasonable explanation for them. 
But right at this moment, he should be prioritizing his own company’s crisis instead. 
He believed that sooner or later, justice would be served. 
Just as his mind was occupied with all those worries, Finnick found himself arriving at a five-star hotel. 
The moment Finnick walked into the lobby, he ran into Chase, who had just arrived too. 
Finnick approached Chase and greeted him, “Good morning, Mr. Neville.” 
“Good morning, Mr. Norton.” 
Chase nodded and shook hands with Finnick. 
They had some small talk for a short while, and then Chase suggested going in the room to discuss the deal. 
Finnick agreed without hesitation. 
The second they entered the room, a gorgeous lady was there to take Finnick’s coat for him. 
But just before she could lay her hand on Finnick’s coat, Finnick cut her with a ferocious stare.
Shocked by Finnick’s cold reaction, the lady could only look at Chase helplessly. 
“I see that Mr. Norton is, without doubt, a man of integrity.” Chase looked somewhat amazed by Finnick’s behavior. 
“I am a married guy. So I prefer keeping my distance with other females.” 
A firm response from Finnick made Chase become even more interested in this man he met for the first time. 
Even though this was their first meeting, Finnick felt as if they had been close friends for a long time. I suppose that’s what they meant by great minds thinking alike. 
On the contrary, Chase was the one who was more impressed by the other party. He had heard that Finnick really loved and pampered his wife. And the rumor turned out to be true, if not more. 
“Hahaha. Well said.” Upon praising Finnick, Chase gestured at the lady, instructing her to leave. 
With that, only the two of them were left in the room. Even so, neither of them was willing to mention the deal first. 
The atmosphere in that room gradually became intense as a brief spark of rivalry could be sensed at that very moment.
###Chapter 875
Chapter 875 
“You have quite a reputation as a successful young man. I’m impressed.” Chase poured himself a glass of wine and saluted towards Finnick. 
Finnick respectfully poured himself a glass too and gazed back at Chase. 
They toasted and both emptied their glasses in one go. 
“Mr. Neville, let’s talk business then.” 
Finnick was a little impatient as his mind was thinking about Vivian being alone at home. He was looking to close that important deal in the fastest way so that he could head back. 
If it was up to him, he would definitely cut off all the unnecessary nonsense and go straight into it right away. 
Unfortunately, he knew there would always be some formalities in the world of business. That was why he would always try to avoid any social event if he could. 
Another thing he hated about social events was that there would always be women. 
As he did not want Vivian to overthink, normally, he would not attend them. 
“Okay, since you’ve put it that way, let us stop beating around the bush.” 
Chase had learned that Finnick was not the type who fancied social events. 
Meanwhile, Vivian was diligently preparing a soup that she recently learned back home. She could not wait to have it together with Finnick once he reached home.
The meeting turned out to be brief but efficient, as both parties were already certain of what they wanted. 
They agreed to sign a contract at a press conference three days later. 
However, seeing all those years of hard work ended up in another person’s hands, Finnick could not help but feel disappointed. 
But since the matter had escalated as such, he was left with no other option. 
“Hey, why aren’t you back yet?” An obviously impatient Vivian called to check up on him. 
“We’re just done. I am about to head home now.” Initially, Finnick intended to go for a short walk on the street before going home to calm himself down. 
He was hoping not to bring his negative emotions home in case he lost his temper again at Vivian. But since she called, it seemed like he had to head straight home. 
Vivian responded happily, “Alright, I will wait for you.” 
Upon hanging up, Finnick furrowed his brows in sorrow. But soon after that, he chose to put it all aside and drove home directly. 
Meanwhile, at Norton Residence, Larry was having teatime with Samuel in their garden. It was peaceful and enjoyable. 
The only flaw in that perfect life was that his parents were not by his side. 
Samuel was fully aware of it, but he was relieved as his grandson seemed to be an extraordinarily considerate kid. But at the same time, this made him wanted to comfort the latter even more.
“Larry, let me tell you a story.” Samuel looked at Larry gently. 
“Okay.” Larry nodded and looked back at Samuel with a curious gaze. 
From what Larry knew, Samuel was not so much of a storyteller. On the contrary, he had always thought of Samuel as a serious person. 
That was why he always felt uncomfortable around Samuel and was unable to express himself ly. 
Samuel was fully aware of this too, but he just let it be. He figured that Larry would eventually come to know about his true self, and their relationship would gradually improve by then. 
“A long time ago, when I went on a vacation, I saw two kids talking. They seemed to be arguing about something, so I approached them trying to find out why. Yet they just ignored me and continued their argument, so I stayed and listened to them. It turned out that they were discussing whether they should take care of their parents when they were old. The one, who opposed the idea, had said some really awful things. However, they did not hold back their thoughts just because I was there. After all, it was supposed to be their homework.” 
Upon finishing the story, Samuel shifted his gaze towards Larry, only to notice him thinking hard, trying to figure out the meaning of the story. 
After a few minutes, Larry seemed to understand something. Great Grandpa is teaching me a lesson about responsibility. It is the teacher’s responsibility to assign homework for us. And when we work hard to finish it, we are fulfilling our responsibility as a student. And when we are focusing on our responsibility, we won’t stop just because of anyone. 
The story was exactly like Finnick and Vivian, who were focusing on their role right now.
###Chapter 876
Chapter 876 
Even though Larry was still too young to understand it all, he seemed to be able to grasp hold of the main point of the story. 
Larry looked at Samuel gratefully, with his eyes filled with admiration. 
Samuel was happy he was able to teach Larry some life lessons through a short story. 
Initially, Larry was unhappy that his parents were not around. But after hearing the story, he gradually came to understand his parents’ situation – they were just fulfilling their responsibilities. 
“Thank you so much, Great Grandpa.” 
Samuel was overjoyed seeing that Larry was starting to open up with him. He could sense more sincerity in his great-grandchild’s voice compared to before. 
He smiled in satisfaction looking at the latter. 
This was what Samuel had been longing for – a true relationship. He was more than thrilled to be able to achieve it. 
Even though he could not help much in Finnick’s business, educating and taking care of their kid was still something within his capability. 
It was the least he could do for them. 
In the meantime, Finnick had finally reached home after some time. 
Vivian had just come out of the kitchen. Seeing Finnick back, she immediately brought out the soup she had prepared and served it on the dining table.
“Go and wash your hands, please.” Vivian had a feeling Finnick’s hands were dirty. After all, he just came back from a business meeting. So she figured it was best to practice proper hygiene before every meal. 
The aroma coming from the dining area caught Finnick’s attention, so he quickly washed his hands and sat down. 
“Did you learn this recently?” 
From what he knew, Vivian would not have known how to make this soup. 
“Yes. You’ve been too busy lately. I figure that you need something to boost your energy, so I made this soup especially for you.” Vivian’s heart ached as she looked at Finnick’s exhausted face. 
Dark circles had begun to show under Finnick’s eyes. Besides all the recent bustles, he had been burning the midnight oil for many nights. 
“Thanks, Honey.” Finnick reached out his hand to hold Vivian’s and gave her a gentle kiss. 
Smelling at the subtle fragrance coming from the soup, Finnick felt as if his exhaustion and stress had disappeared from his body. 
“Alright, let’s try it out.” Flushing bright red, Vivian pulled her hand back. 
Finnick could sense that Vivian was eager to know his opinion on the soup. 
Without delay, he took a spoonful and tried it. 
Indeed, it was delicious. The slight sweetness from the stock filled his mouth and warmed his stomach. It had been such a long time since he last enjoyed a meal prepared by Vivian. He did not realize that he had been too occupied with his work.
“Does it taste good?” Vivian stared at Finnick’s expression while anticipating his feedback. 
After a while, Finnick was furrowing his brows, and with a full mouth, he started searching around, looking for something. 
Vivian was quick to realize that he might be looking for the dustbin. She nervously took it and put it in front of him. 
“What’s the matter?” She thought he was going to spit out the soup, but he did not. 
Before she could hear an answer from him, she suddenly felt something warm caressing her lips. 
It was a long and deep kiss until even Vivian could taste the soup inside Finnick’s mouth. The soup tastes alright. She thought to herself. 
After a long while, Finnick’s lips were finally willing to let go of hers. 
“Does it taste good?” Finnick curled his lips into an affectionate smile as he looked at Vivian. 
Vivian was still dazed by that sudden kiss, then realized that Finnick was fooling around with her. 
She stared at Finnick without much of an expression. “It tasted good but wasn’t so delicious after having it from your mouth.” 
Hearing this, Finnick grabbed Vivian and begin kissing her again. 
Three days later, at the press conference held by Finnor Group and Neville Group, Finnick showed up at the scene with an elegant white suit. On the other hand, Chase arrived slightly after Finnick in a black suit. 
“Mr. Norton, you are early.” Chase greeted Finnick enthusiastically, who was drinking a cup of coffee.
Finnick stood up to shake Chase’s hand, and the next moment they began exchanging some customary pleasantries. 
Briefly after that, they could hear the announcement saying that the press conference was about to start.
###Chapter 877
Chapter 877 
The two leaders, Finnick and Chase, walked up the stage. Looking at the big group of journalists, Finnick started to realize that there would be no turning back for this deal. 
Even though there was still a slight hesitation stirring in his heart, he knew it was too late for him to change his mind in front of all these journalists. 
Chase was indeed a smart businessman. Since Finnick had left the press conference to his hands, of course, he was going to hold it in such publicity. 
“Thank you, everyone, for attending our press conference today. First of all, I would like to welcome our two representatives, Mr. Norton and Mr. Neville.” As the host was doing the introduction, Finnick seemed distracted by other things in his mind. 
On the contrary, Chase was thrilled to see all the excited journalists on the seats. 
Nevertheless, everyone had a high expectation for Finnor Group since they had such an outstanding young man as their president. Certainly, there would be some disappointment to see Finnor Group falling into others’ hands. 
But, after all, the journalists were merely outsiders to this matter. Compared to their disappointment, they were more excited to be able to see Finnick up close. 
However, Finnick was seen standing on the stage with a long face with not much to say. In his mind, he was hoping to wrap this up as soon as possible. 
After a long speech from the host, the press conference finally came to its climax, which was the contract-signing session.
Without any hesitation, Finnick took the contract before him and put down his signature on it. 
At that very moment, he felt as if he had lost everything and hit rock bottom. 
But realizing he was still at a public event, he tried hard not to reveal his emotions. Thus, he could only bury the misery in his heart. 
“Mr. Norton.” 
Chase also signed on his copy of the contract and then exchanged it with Finnick. All the photographers were busy capturing this historic moment. 
The most important session of the press conference was completed quickly. 
Both parties ended the signing with a handshake, in the meantime, the photographers were still taking endless photos of them. 
“Congratulations, Mr. Norton.” Chase beamed with delight while shaking hands with Finnick. 
At a closer look, Chase was, in fact, a handsome man too. But because of his age, his charisma was somehow more mellow compared to Finnick’s. 
“I should be the one to congratulate.” Finnick tightened his handshake before letting go of it. 
Right after that, they entered the question session with the journalists. 
“Mr. Norton, after this event, would you be starting another company?” 
“Mr. Norton, are you satisfied with the deal this time?” 
Finnick just smiled at all those questions coming from the journalists, with no intention whatsoever to provide answers. All these were considered his secret. If he was to reveal it to the public at that
moment, he knew it would be difficult for him to survive in the business world. 
Seeing that Finnick was not answering any questions, the journalists were somewhat pissed. But they did not dare to be harsh on him since the press conference was organized by Chase. 
Besides, even if the mighty were to fall, they would still hold more authority than the ordinary. 
Although Finnick was no longer a president of a company, his power and influence still existed in some way. 
There would be no one who dared to underestimate him. 
As the journalists failed to gain anything from Finnick, they turned all their attention towards Chase. 
On the contrary, they were pleased with Chase, as he answered every single question perfectly without doubts. 
Just then, Finnick could feel his phone vibrating in his pocket a couple of times. 
He would usually choose not to answer private calls during work unless it was from his wife. But the call seemed to be quite urgent as his phone had been vibrating non-stop. 
And since he was not interested in the press conference anymore, he decided to pick up the call. 
From the other end was the voice of a man. 
“Hello, is this Finnick Norton?” 
After Finnick gave his confirmation, the voice continued, “Your grandpa was shot this afternoon. Please come over as soon as you can.”
Finnick froze right away on the spot. He did not expect there would be any news worse than this press conference. 
Grandpa was shot! Is he dead? Is he murdered by someone? 
Finnick’s mind became blank as he paled in fright. 
He felt his whole world collapsing that instant, and he could not possibly stay at this press conference any more. Thus, he looked at Chase and signaled that he needed to leave.
###Chapter 878
Chapter 878 
Finnick walked out into the streets and stared at the people coming and going. He was at a loss. 
Grandpa just died. He was shot to death! 
The man who had raised him and pampered him all his life had just passed away. 
As he thought about it, he could not help the tears that fell from his eyes. 
Finnick did not know what he had to do then or what would happen to himself. 
He felt lost. 
After squatting on a flight of stairs for a while, he ran back to his car. Right, Grandpa. I should visit him now. He always complains that I don’t visit him, so he must be trying to trick me into going home. Many elderly lie to their children like this, so Grandpa must be doing the same thing. 
As Finnick continued to contemplate the situation, he accelerated in a hurry to get back. 
However, the roads were currently congested. As quickly as possible, Finnick reversed his car before speeding forward again. 
When the drivers around him saw what he was doing, they realized what he intended to do. Fearful that he would damage their precious cars, the drivers moved to give way to him. 
Soon, a path had been d up. Ignoring the traffic lights, Finnick continued to speed forward. 
All he cared about at that moment was going home to visit Samuel. He knew Samuel would be waiting for him. Yes, he will be.
As he thought of that, Finnick continued to accelerate, reaching speeds he had never dared to drive at before. However, he continued and was not bothered with the traffic, as he was anxious to see his grandfather. 
All along the way, he honked his car horn at the other drivers around him. They all moved out of the way in fear for their cars. 
Many traffic police officers soon chased Finnick’s car as he had run many red lights and was also speeding excessively. 
However, as they were traffic police officers, they had to control their own speed. 
Naturally, they fell far behind Finnick’s car. 
Due to his excessive speeding, the three-hour journey was eventually completed in only one and a half. 
The traffic police officers had persevered in their pursuit for one and a half hours as well. 
At his house, upon seeing the numerous policemen entering and exiting his house, Finnick felt uneasy. However, he continued to walk forward. 
“Outsiders are prohibited.” Since it was a crime scene, the place had been cordoned off. Hence, only family members were allowed to enter. 
“I’m his family,” replied Finnick coldly. A policeman then came over and said something, and they soon let Finnick into the house. 
Since that policeman had met Finnick previously, he could confirm Finnick’s identity and his familial relationship with Samuel. 
As Finnick walked in step after step, his heartbeat increased, hinting at the anxiety he currently felt.
He was trying to comfort himself, telling himself that nothing had happened to Samuel and that this was all a lie. 
Yet, the deeper he walked into the house, the less he believed his own words. Finnick knew that he was making everything up by himself. 
When he saw the bloodstains on the ground, he was extremely shocked. He frowned, then suddenly thought of Larry. 
Finnick did not dare to continue breaking down then, as he did not know whether Larry was even dead or alive. 
At least Finnick could try to comfort himself over what happened to Samuel. However, if something were to happen to Larry, he would not know how to deal with it. He quickened his pace, continuing to move forward. 
Finnick was in a daze. All he knew was that he had to continue walking forward. 
The moment he walked into the small garden and saw Samuel’s lifeless body, he could no longer control his emotions. 
Samuel was lying in front of him, covered in blood. No matter what he said, Finnick could not lie to himself anymore. He could no longer convince himself that Samuel was fine. 
He stepped forward and kneeled in front of Samuel. The policemen then left the scene, knowing that Finnick needed some time alone. 
Faced with the death of a loved one, Finnick cried till he lost his voice.
He hated himself. If he had not brought Larry over, those people would never have known Samuel’s address, and Samuel would not have died as a result. 
His grandfather had always asked him to go home for a visit, but Finnick always found ways to pacify him or evade it altogether. Not once did he come over to actually spend time with his grandfather.
###Chapter 879
Chapter 879 
Finnick had always disliked coming home since he felt that this house held bad memories from his childhood. 
Thinking back to how eagerly Samuel had looked forward to his return home, Finnick wanted to slap himself. 
So he did. 
He was in distress and in pain. He looked at his grandfather, who had passed away with a faint smile on his lips. 
As he gently wiped the blood off Samuel’s face with a tissue, Samuel’s face slowly became clean. 
Finnick gently stroked the wrinkles on his grandfather’s face. They were a sign of Samuel’s age. 
When he recalled the past when Samuel had brought him out to play, tears started to fall uncontrollably. 
Although he wanted to die alongside Samuel, Finnick knew that he could not. 
Samuel had wanted to see him bring honor to his family. He had hoped that Finnick would have a good life ahead of him. 
Thus, Finnick did not know how to face Samuel in the afterlife if he had taken his life right then. 
“Finnick.” 
Just as he was drowning in sadness, Finnick heard Vivian’s voice.
He lowered his head and wiped away his tears, then looked at Vivian. He did not want to let her see him like this. However, the tear tracks were clear on his face. 
“Don’t be sad. Grandpa will surely go to heaven.” Vivian did not know what else to say to comfort Finnick. 
They had gone through a lot recently, so Vivian no longer knew how to comfort him. 
“Daddy, don’t cry. It’s all my fault. I didn’t protect Great-grandpa well.” 
Looking at how sorrowful and downhearted Finnick was, Larry could not help but blame himself. 
Samuel had asked him to go fetch something from the room at the time of the crime. However, even after searching for a long time, Larry could not find it. When he finally got to the garden, Samuel was already on the ground. 
Larry knew then that Samuel had saved him. Those men were very strong, each wielding a gun, so Samuel’s guards had all been killed by then. 
It was the first time Larry had seen such a scene. He froze in shock. 
Although Larry was born into a big family, it was the first time he saw corpses littering everywhere on the floor. 
Luckily, Vivian had arrived earlier and got Larry to return to the room. Otherwise, the scene would have scarred him forever. 
Seeing that Larry was safe and sound, Finnick was relieved. 
Just like what Larry had said, Finnick wanted to stop feeling sad too. However, he simply could not calm his feelings down.
Perhaps too many bad things had been happening one after the other, leaving no space for Finnick to catch his breath. In the end, all his suppressed negative emotions could only burst out at that moment. 
Finnick cleared his throat, allowing his hoarse voice to recover a little before he turned to Vivian and said, “Vivian, I want to be alone for a while.” 
Vivian understood what he was going through, so she simply nodded and brought Larry away. 
When they left, Finnick lowered his head to look at Samuel’s lifeless body. He no longer had any tears left, for he had already cried them all out. 
He stared at Samuel’s body blankly, then started to clean it little by little. Finnick tried his best to control the trembling in his hands. He also tried his best to control his urge to leave the world alongside Samuel. 
Only Finnick himself knew exactly how much he was suffering. 
He was once arrogant and did not cry when everyone witnessed him going to jail. He was once confident in his business skills and did not cry when he had to hand over his company to someone else in front of many reporters. 
It was not that Finnick did not cry. It was simply that Finnick knew that as a man, he could not cry. He had to be a role model for Larry and had to have the ability to give Vivian a home. 
Yet, now that Samuel was gone, Finnick’s last line of defense collapsed. 
He was tired. Everything that had happened recently had left him exhausted. Although Finnick did not say it out loud, it did not mean he was not tired.
###Chapter 880
Chapter 880 
Looking at his grandfather, Finnick wanted to tell him all about his struggles. However, Samuel had already passed on. 
Finnick would not be able to see him ever again. 
A final teardrop fell from Finnick’s eyes and slipped down his face. It was the last tear that he would shed. Finnick vowed that he would never cry again. 
He then walked out, leaving the policemen to do their job. When the policemen were done, Finnick and Vivian cleaned up Samuel’s body and changed him into a fresh set of clothes. 
He planned to bury Samuel the day after tomorrow. 
In the period leading up to Samuel’s funeral, there were many instances where Finnick was so tired that his vision became blurry. However, he persisted since he knew that his grandfather had not had his burial yet, he did not let himself collapse so easily. 
The elderly always say that one had to return to their roots. They would be safe only when they were buried in the soil. 
Thus, Finnick intended to go against the norm and not cremate Samuel’s body. Instead, he would buy a coffin that fit the burial rituals. 
Vivian agreed with his decision. All that mattered to her then was that Finnick could overcome all this soon. 
Samuel had already left for a better place, going to heaven. Finnick was the only one who would remain in this world, sad and in pain.
As Vivian looked at Finnick’s gaunt face, she was heartbroken but held her tears back. 
At the funeral two days later, Finnick personally dressed Samuel before laying him to rest in his coffin. Many people came to mourn for him, all dressed in black. 
When the funeral came to an end, they buried Samuel in a place with beautiful scenery. 
Although his place of burial was far from downtown, Samuel would like the place. It was very quiet and would be suitable for him to rest in peace. 
Finnick looked at the photo on Samuel’s tomb with a solemn expression on his face. He was different from the Finnick of the past. He now also carried an air of matureness, capable and experienced. 
However, this made Vivian heartbroken. 
Only after experiencing hardships would a person’s personality transformed in such a manner. It was easy to imagine how much Finnick was affected by Samuel’s death. 
Vivian stepped forward and took Finnick’s hand in hers, hoping to give him some warmth. 
Sensing her intentions, Finnick squeezed her hand before letting go. 
He moved forward, uncaring of how others were looking at him, and kneeled in front of his grandfather’s grave. Staring at the photo of Samuel, Finnick suppressed his pain as best as he could, though his eyes never left Samuel’s face. 
Vivian simply watched Finnick without obstructing him. Larry also stood to the side, accompanying Finnick. 
As the sky slowly darkened, only their family of three remained before Samuel’s grave. However, Finnick still had no intention to leave.
Vivian moved to grab his hand in hopes that he would finally agree to go. After all, they were on a hill. The sky was already dark and there was nowhere nearby for them to stay the night. 
Once it became completely dark, wild animals might appear. Then, it would no longer be something that they could handle. 
Finnick avoided Vivian’s hand, then turned to her expressionlessly. He said, “You can go first. I want to stay here a little longer and spend more time with Grandpa. I’ll be back tomorrow morning at the latest.” 
Looking at how much pain Finnick was in, Vivian understood that there was nothing wrong with him wanting to stay a little longer. After all, he had just lost Samuel. 
Vivian lit a fire to prevent wild animals from approaching, before she held Larry’s hand and left. 
Back at home, Vivian got in bed with Larry. She knew that her son would be upset if he had to sleep alone after experiencing the event of that day. 
As soon as Larry got under the covers, he threw himself into Vivian’s arms and cried. 
He had wanted to cry the entire time but remembered Finnick telling him that men should not cry. 
Thus, Larry had been suppressing the pain in his heart the whole time. 
Since Finnick was not there and he was able to feel Vivian’s warmth, Larry released all of his resentment then. 
Only Larry understood exactly how shocking it was to have witnessed someone dying in front of him. It was not something that even Vivian could empathize with.
###Chapter 881
Chapter 881 
Vivian had not seen a dead person when she was only five years old. 
“Be good, little pumpkin. Don’t cry.” Looking at the state Larry was in, Vivian was broken-hearted. 
Only Vivian knew how much she had endured during this period of time. Although she was not the person who was directly affected, they were all her loved ones. 
She had seen how much pain they were in and did not have it easy either. 
Often, a person would be more distressed by watching others in pain. 
As she comforted Larry, Vivian stroked his back in hopes that her son would be able to forget this terrible memory. If Larry could not forget that scene, it would become his childhood trauma. 
Vivian did not want Larry to have to deal with a childhood that he would always be afraid to remember. She wanted him to grow up well and in peace. 
As she consoled Larry, Vivian slowly fell asleep beside her son. 
Whatever happened that day was too much for her to handle. 
She had been cooking for Finnick when she received the phone call in the middle of it and had to rush over. Like Larry, she had seen the corpses littering the floor. 
She had also seen Samuel lying on the ground. Although she was devastated, she could not cry then. 
Only when Larry finally fell asleep did she let her tears fall. 
As she stroked Larry’s back, Vivian cried and comforted herself at the same time.
As they fell asleep, Finnick was still up on the hill, kneeling in front of Samuel’s grave. 
He simply kneeled there motionless. 
The next morning, Vivian made Larry some breakfast and noticed that Finnick was not yet home. After waiting a while longer, she went back up the hill with Larry to see Finnick. 
As it was still early in the morning, the paths on the hill were tough to walk on. Some plants along the way still had morning dew on them. 
The scenery atop the hill was beautiful, but Vivian was in no mood to appreciate it. She was very worried about Finnick. 
As they walked up the hill, Vivian was getting nervous the closer they got to the peak. 
However, she did not know what she was nervous about either. 
All she wanted then was to reach the peak as soon as possible so that she could find out what happened to Finnick and see if he was okay. 
Yet, since Larry was still young, they could not walk too fast. 
Larry still exerted as much effort as he could, eventually allowing them to ascend the hill in only a short amount of time. 
Vivian was suddenly panicked the minute they reached the peak. 
She did not see Finnick. The area no longer had any traces of his visit. 
She searched around the area, but to no avail. It was as if he had just disappeared from the face of the earth.
He was nowhere to be found. 
He must have gone home, probably using another route. 
Vivian then decided to head home for a look and hurried down the hill. 
She rushed home with Larry, but Finnick was still nowhere to be seen. 
She searched around the house thoroughly, leaving no stone unturned. She searched the kitchen, bedroom, study, and even the bathroom. 
But there was nothing. 
Realizing that Finnick had left, Vivian walked off in silence, heading to a place where no one would find her. 
She was upset but did not know how to comfort herself. 
During this period of time, she had spent all her effort trying to comfort Finnick. Yet, he had disappeared. 
Vivian knew that in this lifetime, she was the only person who could comfort Finnick. 
She also knew that Finnick did not simply disappear. He had chosen to leave her. 
Although she wanted to be sad, Vivian realized that there was nothing for her to be upset about. After all, Finnick had left to protect them. 
She was clear of this in her heart but simply did not want to admit it. 
Vivian slumped onto the ground spiritlessly, staring blankly into space.
She seemed to notice a silhouette of Finnick walking past, but when she moved to take a closer look, it was gone. 
Looking at Vivian acting this way, Larry knew what had happened. 
His Mommy could not find Daddy, but she did not know the reason for his disappearance.
###Chapter 882
Chapter 882 
Although Larry wanted to ask, he could tell that it was not the right time. 
Vivian was upset. If Larry asked her about it now, he was undoubtedly adding fuel to the fire. 
Vivian was saddened as she looked at Larry standing quietly at one side. She pulled him into her arms and cried. 
“Little pumpkin, you’re all Mommy has now.” As she hugged Larry, Vivian was thinking over possible places where Finnick could have gone to. She was not about to give up searching for him. 
“Mommy, don’t cry. I’m always here with you.” Just like how Vivian had comforted him previously, Larry stroked her back, hoping that she would not cry any longer. 
Looking at how helpless his mother was, Larry felt helpless, for he could not protect his own mother well. 
“Your daddy’s gone, little pumpkin. He left in order to protect us.” 
Vivian was worried; Finnick had not been in a good state last night. Furthermore, he had left just like that in the morning, without taking anything with him. 
Where would he stay at night? What would he eat? How would he support himself? 
Vivian had many questions in her head, but she did not dare to think too much about them. She knew that the more she thought about it, the more worried she would feel. 
She understood that Finnick was currently in a difficult situation. He had left out of fear that the enemy would come for them.
However, did he ever stop to think about what would happen to them if the enemy just showed up one day after he left? 
Vivian thought of whatever Finnick had failed to consider. 
When Finnick left, he had thought that Vivian would only be able to live a safe life after he left. 
He loved her, so he did not want anything to happen to her. It was the type of love where he could disregard his own life for his loved one. 
The more Vivian pondered over this matter, the more upset she got. 
They had only just reconciled but were now separated once again. Is our life doomed to have so many ups and downs? 
When Larry saw his mother cry even harder, he walked over to the sofa to get some tissues, then stuffed them in Vivian’s hands for her to wipe her tears with. 
However, she was crying so badly that her tears could not simply be dried using tissues. 
Vivian did not move to wipe her tears. She let them run down her face as she felt the pain in her heart. 
Both of them had been overwhelmed by the various events in life that happened recently and had no time to catch their breaths. 
Since Finnick had chosen to leave, she would let herself cry for a while. After that, Vivian would have to carry on with her life. 
She would not waste his efforts and disappoint him. Instead, she would raise Larry well while waiting for his return. 
When the time came, they would be able to live the best quality of life together.
As she thought about it, Vivian stopped crying. She looked at Larry’s face, which resembled that of Finnick’s, and made up her mind. 
She then brought Larry back to their home, the one that she had lived with Finnick in for seven years. 
It felt empty. No one had lived there the past three days, so it lacked warmth. 
Fortunately, the two housemaids had helped to keep the house clean. Resultantly, the house did not look too dirty. 
“Mrs. Norton, did Mr. Norton not come back with you?” asked the housemaid when she saw that Vivian came back alone. 
The moment she heard that question, Vivian, who had been unbuttoning Larry’s coat, froze. 
“He won’t be back these few years. You should just focus on doing your job well.” Vivian only provided a brief explanation before reminding her to focus on her job. 
“Sorry, I spoke too much.” Judging by Vivian’s expression, Molly knew that she had said too much. 
She immediately hit herself lightly on the mouth and looked at Vivian apologetically. 
“Would you like to have some breakfast?” It was eight in the morning, which happened to be Vivian’s usual breakfast time. 
“Yeah.” Both Vivian had Larry had not eaten much when they woke that morning. Now that Molly mentioned it, they were both indeed a little hungry. 
As soon as she heard Vivian answer, Molly hurried into the kitchen and started to make breakfast. 
Since it was breakfast, Molly kept it simple and made them English breakfast with some sandwiches.
###Chapter 883
Chapter 883 
Vivian and Larry took their seat at the dining table. Looking at the dishes before her, Vivian found herself having no appetite at all. 
Seeing his mother’s impassive expression, Larry, too, had lost his appetite. 
Vivian forced down some food and flashed Larry a reassuring smile. Then, she filled the boy’s bowl with some food before she continued eating. 
Soon, Larry started to dig in. 
Since the two had not had a proper meal for the past three days, they greatly enjoyed their meals. 
Everything would be perfect if they weren’t eating the food in a bad mood. 
After breakfast, Vivian had Larry stay at home with the housemaid while she headed out to search for Finnick. 
Although she had resigned herself to live without that man in the future, still, she couldn’t help but continue searching for him. 
It would be best if she managed to find Finnick. If not, perhaps this was the only way to make herself give up after countless futile searches. 
With that in mind, she drove off and soon started her search. 
Vivian drove at a snail’s pace along the road, afraid that the movie scene where a couple missed each other by a hair’s breadth would happen to her and Finnick.
She was constantly looking outside the window while driving. One could imagine how slow she was going. 
Growing impatient, those driving behind her started honking, signaling her to speed up. 
Yet, Vivian ignored the honks. At this moment, all she had in mind was to search for Finnick. She wouldn’t let anyone get in the way, and she couldn’t care less about what other people might think of her. 
Feeling frustrated, the other drivers cut her off. They cursed loudly as their cars overtook hers. 
Regardless, Vivian continued with her pace while keeping her eyes on the roadside. 
To her disappointment, her search was futile. She then drove onto the highway and gradually sped up. 
Vivian’s first stop was the garden where Finnick and her usually visited – the very place where Finnick proposed to her. 
She got out of the car and entered the garden. Everything in it looked the same, with the peonies in full blossom and the willow trees rustling near the lake. 
She walked along the cobblestone path that led her to a green space. There, visitors were afforded a better view of the man-made lake. 
Vivian remembered Finnick loved hanging around there, especially during spring. The two of them would sit on the bench with their eyes closed. As the gentle wind blew, it brought along the fragrance of flowers. That was a real serene and leisure moment. 
Unfortunately, it was summer now. The blazing sun was at its highest point, shining onto the earth. Unwilling to linger outdoor in the hot weather, the passersby were seen hurrying their way out of the park and would soon head home.
Vivian was the only one making her way into the depth of the garden. 
Soon, she reached a pavilion. It was relatively cooler inside since the roof provided a shield against direct exposure to the sun’s rays. On a sultry hot summer day, the pavilion was still stuffy like an oven as the hot summer wind blew. 
Vivian suddenly recalled when she and Finnick saw a couple quarreling at this place. Although it was the young lady’s fault, in the end, the young man was the first to apologize. 
Seeing that, she told Finnick that she favored men who voluntarily admitted their mistakes. The latter started questioning her childishly if she liked him or that young man. 
Inexplicably, she felt a tinge of happiness in her heart seeing Finnick being jealous. “I like you,” was her reply. 
Vivian continued to walk around the garden. Every part of it seemed to be full of memories. 
Yet, now she was the only one reminiscing about their lovely and sweet moments in the garden. Finnick, the man who created those memories with her, was missing in the picture. 
She felt lonely and depressed. Just as she was overwhelmed by mixed emotions in her heart, the elderly on the other side of the lake caught her attention. They were doing breathing exercises, yelling at the lake to increase lung capacity. 
Since it seemed to be an enjoyable thing to do, Vivian was tempted to do the same. She crouched down, rolled her sleeves, and then cupped her hands around her mouth. After taking a deep breath, she screamed at the top of her lungs at the lake. 
Instantly, she felt like a huge weight was being lifted off her chest.
Thinking that this might be a good way of venting out her negative emotions, she continued screaming her head off. 
It was already noon when she finally felt better. The sun was scorching hot, yet she didn’t seem to be leaving anytime soon.
###Chapter 884
Chapter 884 
Beads of sweat were seen covering her face. Still, Vivian was determined to travel across every part of the garden. 
It was already three when she finally walked out of the garden. 
She had told the housemaid not to prepare her lunch when she left home. Thus, she went to a restaurant frequented by her and Finnick to have her lunch. 
It was a high-end restaurant; its dishes cost at least a thousand each. Yet, it was a price that she was willing to pay as that place reignited memories of Finnick and her dining together. 
After lunch, Vivian decided to head to the company. Although Chase Neville had taken over the company, she believed they would still let her enter the company building and look around. 
There, Vivian spotted someone familiar to her. It was not her acquaintance but Larry’s friend, Joey Neville. 
Joey Neville… Chase Neville… Both of them happen to share the same surname… So, Joey is actually Chase’s daughter! 
Vivian was surprised upon the realization, yet she couldn’t care less about it now. 
The identity of Joey’s parents had nothing to do with her. However, now that it turned out Joey was the daughter of the man who acquired Finnor Group, Vivian would no longer let her son make friends with that little girl. 
At that instant, Vivian made up her mind to transfer Larry to another kindergarten.
While she was deep in her thought, Joey came up to her and greeted, “Hi, Ms. Morrison. It’s a surprise to see you here.” 
Vivian was not in the mood to talk to the little girl, so she nodded in response and decided to leave. 
As soon as she turned around, Chase’s voice rang out, “Mrs. Norton, you just arrived. Why are you leaving in such a hurry?” 
The man’s voice was so loud, making it impossible for her to pretend that she didn’t hear it. 
She uttered coldly, “Hi, Mr. Neville. I’m simply looking around, and I’m leaving now.” 
Actually, Vivian was a cold person. She would only let her guard down when she was around her close friends and families. 
To outsiders, Vivian was aloof and unapproachable. 
“Well, aren’t you going to come in? Perhaps have a cup of tea?” Chase was discreetly eyeing Vivian up and down as he invited her in. 
He couldn’t seem to figure out why Finnick would have his eyes on such an average-looking woman. What’s so special about this woman? 
Every man would be interested in finding out about the secret of a mysterious woman, let alone Chase, a ladies man. 
Chase had a daughter with his wife, yet this man also had numerous illegitimate children. 
In fact, he had so many lovers that he couldn’t possibly count them on the fingers of both hands. 
Back then, he only married his wife for money and power. His wife was not the kind of woman he imagined he would marry anyway.
Now that he had all he wanted, he no longer bothered to hide his affairs from his wife. 
Since then, his wife devoted herself to religion and spent all her time diving deep into Bible to seek refuge from heartbreak. Chase loathed her even more because of that. 
“No thanks. If there’s nothing else, I’ll be leaving now.” Vivian cast a glance at Chase and gave him a polite nod. With that, she turned and left before he could say anything. 
Vivian didn’t mean to be impolite. It was just that she didn’t feel like dealing with Chase. 
So, she had no choice but to brush him off. She believed that Chase, the president of a huge company, wouldn’t degrade himself in forcing her to stay. 
In fact, what surprised her most was to see Chase at the company. I thought eagles don’t catch flies. It’s just the second day of him taking over the Finnor Group… Why is he so eager to come to the company? Is there something hidden in the company that I don’t know about and that Chase thought is important to him? 
Knowing she was overthinking again, Vivian shook the thoughts off her mind. 
The sky was turning dark as the sun went below the horizon. She decided to end her search for the day and headed home. 
It was late when Vivian finally arrived home. Larry had already fallen asleep. 
Vivian went to her son’s bedroom to check on him. Looking affectionately at the sleeping Larry, she bent over to press a kiss on his cheek before leaving. 
Sitting alone at the dining table, she had some food for dinner.
The house felt cold and empty without Finnick’s presence. Since he went missing, Vivian had lost her spirit to do anything.
###Chapter 885
Chapter 885 
Vivian looked around the house as she walked up the stairs and along the corridor. 
She knew Finnick couldn’t come back to her for some reason. Even if he was to came back, that was unlikely to happen in the near future. 
Vivian pushed open the door of the bedroom she shared with Finnick. It was the one place in the house where they had created many unforgettable memories together. 
She was reluctant to indulge in reminiscence. Now, she needed to get used to life without Finnick. 
Only then could she stay strong and move on with life while waiting for his return. 
Meanwhile, a figure in his agitated state was seen walking on the road in the pitch-dark night. No one knew of his identity and where he was heading. 
The next morning, Vivian and Larry visited a kindergarten located somewhere near the magazine company. 
For various reasons, she didn’t agree with her son attending the same kindergarten as Joey. 
“Mommy, why am I transferring school?” 
Larry hadn’t been to kindergarten for a while now. His mother had applied for a leave of absence from school for him. The little boy couldn’t help feeling confused after learning that Vivian was transferring him to another kindergarten. 
“Well, the new kindergarten is nearer to my workplace. Don’t you want to stay closer to me?”
Although Vivian’s heart was suffering from unbearable pain after having lost Finnick in her life, she had always tried to put up a good front and hide her sadness from her son. 
Yet, her forced smile carried with it a tinge of bitterness in Larry’s eyes. 
“Of course I do!” Larry was aware that Finnick was gone, and his mother was left alone at home. 
He was willing to do anything to make her happy. Not only that, he would try his best to protect his mother when Finnick was not around. 
Looking at the considerate Larry, Vivian suddenly recalled how Finnick used to piss her off in the past. 
The father and son had totally different characters, yet they were both equally important to her. 
Vivian was glad when she saw Larry started getting used to the new environment. 
Just as she was about to leave the kindergarten, she received a call from Benedict. 
She heard Benedict’s voice over the phone, “Come home if you have the time. There’s something I need to tell you.” 
Benedict ended the call after receiving a reply from her. 
Initially, Vivian planned to go to work today, yet Benedict’s phone call had thrown her plan astray. Having no choice, she called the magazine company and told her colleague that she was not coming to the office for the day. 
Vivian couldn’t help but let out a wry smile. She then hailed a cab, heading to the Morrison residence. 
She knew Benedict was going to talk to her about Finnick. 
Even though she was not in the mood to talk about it, she couldn’t possibly reject Benedict.
That man was her brother, and he cared a lot about her. 
Listening to the music from the radio, she reclined in the backseat and closed her eyes to get some rest. 
Benedict’s house was located quite far away from the city center. He said that the place was quiet and secluded. 
Soon the car came to a halt. “Miss, you’ve arrived at your destination,” the driver reminded. 
Vivian opened her eyes to find that they were in front of the Morrison residence. She nodded apologetically at the driver. Then, she paid the cab fare before getting out of the cab. 
The Morrison residence had always looked the same since her last visit. 
Vivian took a deep breath in an attempt to brace herself before walking into the house. 
“Ben,” she greeted smilingly at the man sitting on the couch in the living room, waiting for her arrival. 
“Oh, Vivian, I prefer you crying than forcing a sad smile.” Benedict approached her, giving her a warm hug. “How are you doing? Have you not found him yet?” 
He knew everything that had happened to Vivian. Initially, he planned to ask her over when he first learned about it. Yet, he waited until now, thinking she might need some time alone. 
Gazing at Benedict, Vivian uttered a response, “Mm.” Then, she tossed her purse aside and threw herself onto the couch. 
She could feel her whole body aching after a tiring day. If Finnick were here, he would let her lay on his lap and give her a massage.
Benedict couldn’t care less about her being unladylike. He handed her a glass of water and asked, “Why don’t you come back and live here?” 
He wished Vivian could live with him since it was unsafe for a young lady to live outside.
###Chapter 886
Chapter 886 
However, Vivian had been through a lot in life, and she had long learned to stand on her feet. 
Flashing Benedict a smile, she rejected, “There is no need. little pumpkin and I are fine staying at home.” 
“Alright then. I’ll respect your decision.” 
Benedict didn’t insist since he knew his sister was a strong-willed young lady. She would hardly change her mind after making a decision. 
“Tell me if you need anything. Do you have enough money? I can…” 
Soon, Benedict started to encourage her to stay strong and take good care of herself and Larry. He even taught her a hundred and one ways to protect herself against perverts and bad guys. 
An hour had passed when Vivian finally had enough of Benedict’s incessant talking. 
“Ben, I suddenly recalled there’s something I need to take care of. I gotta go now.” 
With that, she grabbed her purse and scurried her way out of the house. 
Benedict had had that heart-to-heart chat with Vivian to give her some emotional support besides cheering her up. 
It seems like my effort didn’t go to waste. Vivian has indeed become livelier, judging from the way she fled the house. Benedict let out a chuckle. 
Looking in the direction where Vivian left, he soon fell into deep thought.
Phew! Finally, Vivian managed to escape from Benedict’s house. 
She took a deep breath and instantly felt refreshed. 
After checking the time, she immediately hailed a cab, heading to the magazine company. 
The senior editor had only granted her a half-day leave, yet it was already half-past twelve now. 
She needed to hurry, or she would be late at the office and get an earful from the senior editor. 
The hectic life had allowed Vivian to temporarily forget about the pain of losing Finnick. Nevertheless, once in a while, she would still think of Finnick in the middle of the night. 
In spite of working, she would spend the rest of her time with Larry. 
Gradually, her life got back on track. It had been a long time since she last cried because of Finnick. 
In fact, she had tried to search for Finnick through the magazine company’s connections, yet her efforts were fruitless. 
Nevertheless, she was still clinging to the hope that she would one day find that man. 
Without giving up, she resorted to putting up an advertisement, which occupied a tiny corner of the magazine to search for the missing Finnick. 
Even though the missing person’s notice was barely noticeable in the magazine, the news of Finnick’s missing spread like wildfire since he was a big name in the city. 
Now, everyone in the city knew Finnick was missing, abandoning his wife and child. 
Although the public had misunderstood Finnick, Vivian didn’t bother to explain to them, for she knew Finnick cared little about what other people think of him.
The magazine had a wide reach as well as readership. She would try every possible method to find Finnick. 
To Vivian’s disappointment, she didn’t receive any news though a month had passed. 
She knew if Finnick wanted to hide from her, he would never let anyone find him. 
In fact, Vivian had also hired a private investigator to look for Finnick’s whereabouts. However, in the end, she received the same disappointing results. 
It was as if that man had vanished into thin air. 
Vivian’s life went on. Every day passed with her waiting for Finnick’s return while taking care of Larry. 
One day, seeing her reflection in the mirror, she suddenly noticed crow’s feet forming at the corner of her eyes. That was when it hit her that as Larry grew up, she was also aging. 
Finnick is gone for a year now. Why is he still not coming back? 
Larry had asked her the same questions as well. Although she had no answer to them, she would reassure the boy that his father had gone to a place far away from them and that he would come back soon. 
Soon Larry stopped asking her as he knew he would always get the same answer. 
The two of them continued with their life with the incessant waiting. 
… “Vivian, are you going to participate in the company’s tenth-anniversary celebration tonight?” the female colleague sitting next to her asked. 
Hearing that, Vivian put down her pen. After thinking for a while, she nodded.
It had been a long time since she last attended a banquet two years ago with Finnick. 
Vivian thought she could take this opportunity to have fun and relax.
###Chapter 887
Chapter 887 
Besides, all employees were required to attend the celebration. 
After seeing Vivian’s response, another female colleague chimed in, “We’ll go together!” 
The two female colleagues had never hung out with Vivian before. Now that they finally got the opportunity, they couldn’t help feeling excited. 
They only joined the company a few years after Vivian. Thus, Vivian was considered their senior. 
“I’m sorry. I need to fetch my child, so I can’t go with you guys,” Vivian said apologetically. 
She needed to make sure that her son arrived home safe and sound before she could attend the banquet at night. 
It wouldn’t be much of a problem leaving Larry at home since the housemaid was there to take care of him. Besides, Larry was a good boy. She had confidence in him that he would behave well at home. 
“Alright then.” The two colleagues were a little disappointed. 
They were actually a little envious of Vivian when they heard from other seniors that her husband was the famous Finnick Norton – the president of Finnor Group before it changed hands. 
Nevertheless, it was not the time to be jealous as they were not yet done with their job. 
Soon they returned to their work at hand. 
After leaving the office, Vivian picked Larry up at the kindergarten and brought him back home.
Since there was ample time before the banquet began, she ate some noodles with Larry and had a little chat with him. Then, she left the little boy in the hands of the housemaid before leaving. 
On her way to the banquet, she felt something was off as restlessness crept onto her heart. 
In the end, she thought it was her feeling nervous about attending a banquet for the first time after two years. 
Vivian wore a black dress and exquisite makeup. She looked like a goddess, aloof and distant. 
A lot of the new employees were stunned by her appearance. It was the first time they saw her dressing up. 
Being in the center of attention, Vivian didn’t feel shy or out of place. Instead, she graciously smiled at the crowd. 
Some male employees even invited her for a dance though she rejected them. 
She should discipline herself in case Finnick would be jealous when he came back and learned about her dancing with another man. 
At the long table, Vivian grabbed herself a glass of orange juice. Just then, someone greeted her, “Hi, Vivian.” 
She turned around to find that it was one of her colleagues though they barely knew each other. 
Vivian returned her greeting, “Hi.” She was usually courteous toward those who took the initiative to talk to her. 
The young lady introduced herself, “Vivian, I’m Paris.” While doing so, she couldn’t help casting her eyes at Vivian’s beautiful dress.
Vivian simply nodded and waited for her to continue. 
“Vivian, I’ve heard that there will be a lucky draw tonight. The winner gets to make a wish. With its power and connections, the company will definitely make the winner’s wish come true. Do you want to try your luck?” 
The participation was entirely voluntary. Those who wished to participate needed only to inform their employee ID. 
Paris already took part in the lucky draw, and she was here to ask if Vivian would like to take part as well. 
Although she was new to the company, she got a good impression of Vivian – the cold yet experienced journalist. 
Seeing Vivian standing alone, she decided to come and talk to her. 
“Sure.” Vivian never thought of winning the lucky draw. She participated in it, hoping to get some good luck from the festive event. 
Since she was now at the banquet, she should relax and have fun. 
After Paris led Vivian to put her employee ID into the lucky draw box, the two took a walk in the garden at the back of the hall. 
They headed back to the hall when there were only five minutes left before the event began. 
The host started the event by welcoming the guests with warm greetings. Vivian was sick of the same old customary opening remarks, yet the employees were not allowed to leave the hall. 
Having no choice, she could only chat with Paris to pass the time.
Fortunately, the host was considerate enough to end the boring opening remarks real quick. Following up was the lucky draw session.
###Chapter 888
Chapter 888 
All the employers held their breath as the host reached his hand into the lucky draw box. 
Everyone was excited, except Vivian and Paris. 
The former was unperturbed as she didn’t believe she would be the winner; the latter was simply unconcerned about the prize. 
The host drew a number tag from the box and announced the employer ID, “1220.” 
The sound of people sighing ensued. 
Seeing that no one came forward, the host asked, “Who has the employer ID 1220?” 
Hearing that, Vivian curled her lips into a smile. Lucky me. 
She made her way onto the stage under the crowd’s envious stare. 
Although she didn’t believe that the company was capable of granting her wish, she placated a pleasant smile nevertheless. 
The way she behaved on the stage in front of her colleagues and superiors represented her attitude toward the company. 
“Please be quiet, everyone.” The host raised his hand to get the hall to quiet down. “Now, it’s time for Vivian, our lucky winner, to make a wish.” 
The next moment, the crowds cheered Vivian on.
Vivian had indeed stood out that night by making a grand appearance in that beautiful dress and becoming the winner of the lucky draw. 
As the crowd went wild, the host once again called out, “Silence, everyone.” 
The banquet just got started, and there were still a lot of activities to come. If the guests got too excited right now, they might be too tired to join the upcoming events. 
Anyway, the host was just worrying over nothing. 
The host gave Vivian a signal and said, “Come, make your wish.” 
Vivian nodded. Standing before the lit-up candles, she murmured a few words under her breath with her eyes closed and her hands clasped. 
After that, she left the stage. 
Regardless of whether the wish would come true, Vivian would always be hopeful. 
Soon it was the cake-cutting session. 
The crowd fell into silence as Lesley walked onto the stage. They knew the senior editor was not someone they should mess with. 
It was a good thing to have a senior editor who had a deterrent effect on the employees. 
While exuding an overbearing aura, Lesley grabbed the serrated knife and cut the cake smoothly. 
This time, the crowd dared not to cheer. Lesley cast her eyes impassively over the whole lot before she walked down the stage.
She was not a supercilious person, nor was she belittling the employees. It was just that she had a cold personality. 
Thus, the employees nicknamed her “Maleficent” though they dared only call that behind her back. 
Soon, the atmosphere turned upbeat when the host said cheerfully, “Now, it’s time for us to have fun! Let the party begin!” 
All of the employees, including the host himself, got excited when they could finally have fun after a tiring day at work. 
They gathered around and engaged themselves in party games. 
Later, they headed to the karaoke for an after party. 
Vivian sat on the couch while she quietly watched the other colleagues singing. 
She would occasionally respond to Paris when the latter talked to her. 
After a while, Vivian’s phone vibrated. She exited the karaoke booth to answer the call. 
“Little pumpkin?” She was curious about the reason for Larry calling. 
“Mommy, it’s late now. Why are you not home yet? You still need to work tomorrow!” Larry spoke disapprovingly like a little adult over the phone. 
Vivian was at a loss for words. Eventually, she promised her son that she would go home right away. 
Back in the karaoke booth, she took leave from Paris before excusing herself to the senior director, “Ms. Jenson, I need to go home now. My son is still waiting for me.”
Hearing that, Lesley nodded her approval. 
After leaving the karaoke, Vivian hurriedly got into her car and drove home. 
She needed to arrive home as soon as possible, or her son would definitely nag at her. 
It wasn’t long after the first call when she received a second call from Larry.
###Chapter 889
Chapter 889 
“Mommy, where are you now?” Larry had waited for fifteen minutes, yet his mother was still not home yet. 
Vivian knew she was near the neighborhood when the familiar row of shops came into sight. “I’m almost home now.” 
She soon arrived home and was changing into slippers in the doorway. It startled her when she suddenly heard Larry’s voice from behind, “Mommy.” 
She spun around to see Larry looking at her, his gaze shining with awe. 
The next moment, the little boy furrowed his brows and said, “Mommy, don’t forget about Daddy.” 
With that, he turned and left for his bedroom. 
The little boy waited up for his mother so that she would come home early. Now that his mission was accomplished, he could finally cast his worries away and go to bed. 
Meanwhile, Vivian was amused by her son’s remark. Is he worried that I might find him a stepfather? 
As she entered the washroom, she noticed Larry had helped squeeze toothpaste on her toothbrush and had the towel prepared for her. At that instant, she felt warmth in her heart. 
With a heartfelt smile, she murmured, “Little pumpkin, you’re starting to look like your father.” 
In no time, she brushed her teeth and removed her makeup. 
In her bedroom, she saw a note with neat handwriting on the nightstand, which wrote: Goodnight, Mommy.
The heartwarming words brought a smile onto her face. Soon she fell into a deep slumber. 
Life went on as usual. Every day, Vivian would recharge herself by spending some family time with Larry after a tiring day at work. The little boy had always shown his care and concern for her. 
She realized that Larry started to look increasingly like his father. 
Sometimes, she would find some of his facial expressions and behavior similar to Finnick’s. He was just like a miniature version of that man. 
Yet, the two had different characters and personalities. Finnick was a warm person, while Larry was a bit overbearing and dominant. 
As his mother, Vivian would accept Larry for who he was. What was more, Larry was the crystallization of the love between Finnick and her. 
She couldn’t ask for more as long as the boy was always there with her. 
One morning, when Vivian arrived at the office, she noticed the others were all talking about her. Some even regarded her with an envious gaze. 
After settling down at her desk, she asked her colleague sitting next to her, “What happened?” 
Her colleague seemed hesitant as she spoke, “You haven’t heard about it? You’re going to interview the president of a large company.” 
Vivian couldn’t help feeling confused. 
Soon, Lesley was there to clear her doubts. “Vivian, come with me.” 
Lesley had received the news when she arrived at the office. Seeing Vivian at her cubicle, she called her into her office to talk to her about it.
“Oh… Okay.” Vivian’s had a bad feeling about it, yet she had no choice but to comply with the senior editor’s order. 
In her office, Lesley asked Vivian to take a seat and then handed a document to her. 
Vivian’s eyes widened as she skimmed through it. I’m going to interview Finnor Group’s president? 
She was shocked to learn that she was being entrusted with the duty to interview Chase Neville, the man who took over Finnick’s company. 
Although she was reluctant to interview that man, she must comply with her superior’s order. Yet, it was a bitter pill for her to swallow. 
She tried to negotiate with the senior editor, “Um… Ms. Jenson, could I not do this interview?” 
“Either you do the interview or quit your job,” was the ruthless Lesley’s reply. 
What a fool I am to pin my hope on the Lesley to show mercy. In the end, Vivian gave in. “I’ll do it.” 
She listened to Lesley when the latter told her about the things she needed to be mindful of during the interview. 
Downhearted, she came out of the senior editor’s office with her feet shuffling and her shoulders slouching. I’ve been trying hard to stay away from everything that reminds me of the past. Why must they ask me to interview that man? 
Vivian knew she couldn’t run away this time. 
For the past few years, she had always refused to buy any of the Finnor Group’s products as they would remind her that the company had changed ownership.
She had even transferred her son to a new kindergarten to prevent him from going to the same school as Joey.
###Chapter 890
Chapter 890 
Yet, it seemed like there was no escaping from the inevitable. 
Vivian couldn’t possibly make the senior editor change her mind, so she braced herself for the interview. It’s no big deal at all! I’ll treat the interview as having a casual conversation with him. Chase won’t bite; there’s no need to fret. 
Since the interview was a great opportunity to gain experience, Vivian was required to bring a junior journalist with her. Lesley told her that the junior journalist would turn up at her desk, yet she didn’t mention the specific time. 
After waiting for a long time, the junior journalist was still nowhere to be seen. Vivian then went to the pantry to pour herself a cup of water. 
A familiar voice rang out, “Vivian.” She turned around to find that it was Paris. 
Vivian nodded smilingly at the young lady and then continued drinking her water. 
She thought Paris was just passing by the pantry. 
To her surprise, it turned out that Paris was the junior journalist who would be joining her to interview Chase. It’s Paris! What a coincidence! 
She told Paris, “Come to the meeting room after you finish your coffee. We need to discuss the interview.” 
Since tomorrow was the interview, they needed to come up with the questions and discuss the details. After all, the subject of their interview was Chase, the president of a conglomerate. They couldn’t afford to let anything go wrong during the interview.
That day, Vivian and the team worked two hours overtime and only got off work at seven in the evening. 
Since they missed lunch, Vivian decided to treat the team to dinner. 
The team members included a photographer, an assistant, and Paris. 
All of them were delighted when Vivian told them she was treating them to dinner. They quickly grabbed their coat and soon arrived at a restaurant. 
“Vivian, I heard you’ve interviewed Finnor Group’s president before. Is that true?” 
After working together for an entire day, the team members realized that Vivian was not as unapproachable as rumor had it. Thus, they felt to ask her questions. 
Vivian answered frankly, “I did interview Finnor Group’s president before, but not the current president.” 
She still remembered her interviewing Finnick on the day they got married. 
Although it happened seven years ago, that day’s memory remained vivid in her mind. 
“Huh?” The team members were clueless. Before they could ask for further clarification, the server had brought them their food. 
As their curiosity succumbed to the temptation of the delicious food, they ended the conversation and started digging in. 
They greatly enjoyed themselves. Yet, if they hadn’t asked Vivian that question, perhaps she would find the meal more enjoyable. 
After making payment, Vivian bade them goodbye and drove home.
Larry was already asleep by the time she arrived home. Lying on the bed, she started recalling her past with Finnick. 
Soon, she fell asleep with bittersweet feelings in her heart. 
The next morning, the team members were already waiting at the office when she arrived. 
“Morning, Vivian,” they greeted her. 
After returning their greetings, she asked them to prepare to leave for Finnor Group. 
The interview was scheduled at nine-thirty, and they still had an hour’s time to travel there. 
Although the journey would only take about fifteen minutes, Vivian thought it would be better for them to arrive ahead of time. 
Before leaving, Lesley called her to her office and handed her a document. “I’ve prepared some questions for the interview. You can pick a few of them and ask during the interview.” 
The only way a magazine company could gain a strong foothold in the industry was by digging into scandals and publishing first-hand news. 
Vivian was rendered speechless as she flipped through the document. There were three pages of them! Since it was near the departing time, she decided to bring the document with her and played it by ear during the interview. 
After all, as a senior journalist, she had acquired the ability to think on her feet over the years. 
“Let’s go!” Vivian took the lead getting into the car that the company assigned to them.
Amongst the team members, the photographer was more experienced and knowledgeable with the interviewing procedure. As for the assistant, she needed only to wait for them and provide assistance when asked to. 
Thus, Paris was the most nervous one amongst them. 
“Don’t be nervous. During the interview, you can imagine him as a…” Vivian was trying to come up with something. 
The witty assistant suggested, “A cabbage!” 
“Yes! We’ll treat him as a cabbage.” Vivian shot the assistant an approving look. Feeling amused, Paris broke into laughter.
###Chapter 891
Chapter 891 
Although Paris was still feeling a little nervous, being a professional, she soon regained her composure. 
It was ten past nine when they arrived at Finnor Group. They decided to wait in the waiting area at the lobby until the appointment time. 
That was a habit of Vivian whenever she was to interview someone. During the waiting period, she would declutter her mind and organize her thoughts. 
Just as they settled down at the waiting area, a staff approached her and asked, “Hi, are you Ms. Morrison?” 
Vivian nodded. “Yes, I am.” 
Then, the staff asked them to come with her. 
As they reached the president’s office, the staff halted. “Our president said you could simply walk in.” 
Vivian nodded smilingly at the staff. “Alright. Thank you.” 
After knocking on the door, the voice of a man was heard from inside the office, “Come in.” 
Vivian asked the assistant to wait outside while she entered the president’s office with Paris and the photographer. 
In the office, a man was sitting in the desk chair, having his back to them. Regardless, Vivian nodded at him and introduced herself, “Hi, I’m Vivian. We are from the magazine company, and we’re here to interview you.”
“Mm. You can start the interview now.” 
It seemed like the president had no intention of turning around to face them. Vivian stuck her tongue out at the man’s back view. This man was rude when I saw him two years ago. It seems like he hasn’t changed at all. 
She took out the document that Lesley gave her and started asking the questions on it. 
Some of the questions looked weird or rather personal to her, yet she asked the man nevertheless as per Lesley’s order. “How is your relationship with your wife?” 
Just then, the man suddenly turned around. “Great,” he answered. 
Vivian looked up from her document. She froze, and her mind went blank the moment her eyes met the man’s face. 
The next moment, her heart was overwhelmed with mixed emotions of surprise, joy, and exhilaration. 
“What’s wrong? Go on.” 
It turned out that the person Vivian was interviewing all the while was not Chase, as she thought, but Finnick! 
The photographer gave Vivian a slight nudge and brought her back to her senses. 
Seeing that, Finnick cast his icy gaze over the photographer, which sent a chill down the latter’s spine. 
“Oh… Well… Let’s go on then.” In her daze, Vivian continued with the interview. In fact, with her mind jumbled up, she had no idea what she was asking throughout the interview. 
When she came across one of the questions on the document, she looked up at Finnick, with her eyes bore straight into his. “Two years ago, why did you suddenly disappear after the ownership transfer of
Finnor Group?” 
In fact, this question itself had revealed the identity of the interviewee. Vivian didn’t notice it as she had only run her eyes over the document. 
Anyway, she wondered how Finnick was going to answer the question. 
“Because I wanted to provide my wife and my child a better life.” With that, Finnick stared intently at her, his eyes full of determination. 
Meanwhile, the photographer was puzzled when the two fell into silence. 
When the interview finally ended, Vivian asked the team members to head back to the office first. 
After sending them off, she retraced her steps back to the president’s office, led by the very staff whom she met earlier that morning. 
Finnick knew Vivian would come back. Fixing his eyes on her, he asked, “Ms. Morrison, is there anything else?” 
Without bothering to answer his question, Vivian leaped onto the man, wrapping her legs around his waist. The next moment, she mashed her lips against his. 
For the past two years, her life was full of incessant waiting. There was not a day that passed without her missing Finnick. She wished so badly to meet him again. 
Now that her wish finally came true, Vivian could hardly contain herself. 
Her heart was thumping wildly in her chest, and her breathing grew heavier.
She kissed Finnick fiercely as if she was punishing him for her sufferings. Why didn’t you find me when you were back? Why would you show up in this way? 
Finnick let the woman vent her emotions. 
He knew that was the only way to appease her. Only then could he beg for her forgiveness.
###Chapter 892
Chapter 892 
Vivian ran out of breath as their kiss prolonged. She finally let go of him and gasped for air. 
But Finnick pressed his lips back against hers and fondled her lips passionately. 
“You feeling better?” 
A playful smile curved on the corners of his mouth as he rubbed her puffy red lips. 
Vivian dodged his hands and got off him. 
“You owe me an explanation.” 
She was hoping for a satisfactory answer from Finnick to all the questions troubling her. 
“I didn’t come back earlier because I wanted to wait till I have what it takes to give you the life you want. This is exactly how we met when we got married, don’t you remember?” 
The hint of impishness in his eyes from earlier on was nowhere to be seen. 
Vivian met his resolute gaze and looked at him earnestly in the eyes before she finally went over and hugged him. 
She had been waiting for this moment for two years, and her wait was not futile. 
She tried drying the tears flowing down her cheeks, but this moment of fulfilled dream incited waves of emotions in her heart. 
Having him by her side was all she needed.
Finnick wrapped his arms around her tightly. At that moment, he felt he could shed all the burdens he had carried for the past two years. 
“I’m here. Don’t cry,” he comforted. 
Looking at her clinging to him so desperately, Finnick felt everything he went through was all worth it. 
He knew everything about her for the past two years—how she lived—and how she felt. 
Finnick knew all about it since he had sent people to protect her without her knowing. 
“You vanished out of thin air just like that and made me look for you for years. How could you do that?” 
Vivian cocked her head and drilled her reproachful gaze into him. 
She felt like punching him in his chest, but she could not bring herself to do it. 
“I didn’t disappear completely. Do you still remember the bouquet of roses at your doorstep on your birthday?” 
Finnick looked at her with eyes full of expectation, waiting eagerly for her answer. 
“Those flowers were from you?” Vivian asked. 
She could still remember the bunch of flowers she received during her birthday, but it never crossed her mind that they were from Finnick. 
She thought they were from Hunter since Finnick only gave her Blue Enchantress all this while. 
Little did she know, the roses were actually from him.
“So you’ve always been near me. It’s just that you didn’t show yourself?” Vivian already knew the answer, but she still needed to confirm. 
Finnick nodded. 
“Let’s go home,” he replied, “It’s already past working hours.” 
By the time they went outside hand in hand, everyone had already left. It was already six o’clock. 
When they reached home, Larry was already around. He was doing his homework in the living room when he saw the couple came in holding each other’s hands. 
The pencil in his hand dropped in shock when he saw Finnick. He was not expecting to see him at all. 
A smile played on Finnick’s lips when he saw the startled child staring at him, speechless. “What’s the matter? Have you forgotten Daddy?” 
His voice knocked Larry back to reality and the kid leaped from his chair, running toward him. “Daddy!” he cried out, throwing himself into Finnick’s embrace. 
Finnick ruffled his hair fondly. His heart sunk when he realized the kid had grown to the height of his waist over the time he was gone. 
“Did you take good care of Mommy, Larry?” Finnick bent down and looked at the boy who was becoming more like him as he grew. 
“Yeah, I did.” The boy nodded his head surely without taking his eyes off his father. 
“That’s my boy. You even know how to protect Mommy now.”
Finnick knew Larry was not the playful and clingy kid he used to be anymore. He had grown to be more mature and understanding. 
But what Finnick did not know was that Larry was actually still a child at heart. He was obedient and quiet not because he did not enjoy getting Vivian’s attention, but because he saw how tired she was every day. 
Vivian looked so exhausted that Larry felt he would only add to her burden if he did not take care of himself. 
That was why he told himself to be a good kid and protect his mother.
###Chapter 893
Chapter 893 
The family had an uneventful reunion dinner together and everyone went to bed after that. 
When they finally had some time together in their own room, Finnick unleashed the beast in him. He pushed Vivian against the wall and started kissing her unreservedly. 
Unlike the kiss they shared earlier on at the company, his kiss was possessive and demanding, compelling Vivian to give in to him. 
“Finnick, don’t…” she called out weakly at his entreat, trying to push him away, but this only provoked him further. 
He had endured a long time without her, and there was no use trying to push him away now. 
Finnick stripped off her clothes slowly, cupping his hands on the tender bumps on her chest as he intensified his kiss. 
He carried her over to the bed and let her down gently. His hands lingered on her skin in passionate strokes, not sparing any parts of her body. 
He showered her with kisses and made sweet love to her through the night. 
When morning broke, Vivian felt her legs were so feeble and numb she could not get out of bed. 
“Morning,” Finnick greeted her with a smile on his face as if he was making fun of her. 
“Uh-huh.” 
Vivian looked at him from the corner of her eyes and stumbled out of bed.
She would have fallen if Finnick had not caught her in his arms. 
“Why don’t you just skip work today? You just need to tell the senior editor,” he suggested. 
Vivian whipped her head around with her eyes wide open. 
She had not turn out for work yesterday afternoon. 
She could not just excuse herself today as well, not unless she wanted to lose her job. 
Vivian shuddered at the thought of getting a good scolding from Ms. Jenson. She had a terrifying record of bringing people to tears. 
Vivian could not imagine how embarrassed she would feel if she were to get scolded in front of everyone. 
I’d better get to work. She shook her head and told herself she should get going. 
“You’d better not go to work today if you don’t want people to start saying things about you,” Finnick reminded her with a sly smile on his face. 
Vivian had gone missing right after she saw Finnick yesterday. She could not imagine what people would say when they found out she took leave today. 
Her colleagues were a nosy lot. They would definitely start making things up in their heads. 
Vivian could well defend herself and say she did not do anything fishy, but the truth was, something did happen between her and Finnick. 
Besides, they would definitely think she slept with Finnick just to get a promotion.
She would not feel comfortable working under the scrutiny of those people at the office, so she decided to just skip work today. 
She picked up her phone and waited for the senior editor to pick up anxiously. 
“Yes?” a voice came from the other side. 
“Hi, Ms. Jenson, Vivian here. I’d like to apply for leave today,” she said timidly, hoping not to get a scolding from her. She could not imagine the shame of getting a lecture from her superior in front of her husband. 
“No way, Vivian. You’re coming to work today.” The senior editor was annoyed when Vivian did not turn out yesterday. Now that she was taking leave again, she was infuriated. 
There was no way she was going to let her go just like this. 
Vivian glared at Finnick, not knowing how else to answer her superior. 
He went over and snatched the phone away. “Hi, Finnick here. Vivian’s with me. She’s my wife.” 
A furious frown carved on Vivian’s brows when she heard his words. 
But the senior editor reacted otherwise. “Oh, Mr. Norton.” There was a fleeting element of surprise in her voice despite her calm response. 
“I don’t want to hear any nasty comments going around in the company,” he added. 
Since Vivian still wanted to keep her identity low profile, Finnick could only ask the senior editor to keep it a secret. 
“Sure, Mr. Norton.”
Vivian looked at him, bewildered. 
It suddenly dawned upon her that Finnick must have acquired the company she was working at. 
Else the senior editor would never listen to Finnick or even promise to keep their secret. That was the only possible explanation she could come up with. 
“You bought our company?” Vivian asked. 
“Yeah.” Finnick surveyed her expression for a trace of surprise, but he was disappointed. Vivian did not seem impressed at all. After all, Finnick was a wealthy man. 
He was the president of Finnor Group, so it was no surprise that he procured a small company like the one Vivian was working at.
###Chapter 894
Chapter 894 
A feeling of displeasure rose in her heart when Vivian realized she had been working for Finnick all this while. 
It was no fun earning her husband’s money. 
“I’m resigning,” she said, pouting her mouth. 
She wanted to work at a magazine company, not Finnick’s company. 
“No way,” Finnick cut her short. 
He could not bring himself to let her work for someone else. 
Vivian knew she stood no chance before him, so she just stared at him without saying anything. 
“What’s the matter?” 
“You’re not going to work?” she asked. Finnick was expecting her to say something else, but she changed the topic. 
“I don’t feel like working today,” Finnick said with an entitled tone. 
He was the boss of the company, so he could just do whatever he liked. 
On second thought, Vivian thought it would be better to just be her own boss at home. 
“Then what are you doing today?” Vivian felt like she really needed to take a rest, and the only way she could do that was to get Finnick away. 
“I’m sending Larry to school and then coming home.”
He had already planned on sending Larry to school. It was just that he stayed back a little to chat with Vivian. 
“Alright, off you go then.” 
Larry was already in his second year of elementary school. Although the school bus would come to pick him up every day, Finnick still wanted to send him to school on his own. 
Since Finnick had been away for some time, it would be good for the father and son to have some bonding time. 
Larry was on cloud nine when he found out Finnick was sending him to school. 
Yet despite his happiness, the boy remained silent throughout the drive, so Finnick asked him what was bugging him. 
“I don’t want to go to this school anymore,” the boy said. 
“Why?” To Finnick, there were only three reasons why kids refuse to go to school. 
It was either they dislike studying, they were lazy, or they were bullied. 
Finnick really hoped it was not the third reason, because he would make sure the culprits pay for whatever they did to his child. 
“I already know most of the things taught at school.” 
Larry’s reply took Finnick by surprise. How does a second-grader know more than what the school is teaching? 
Did he learn it from elsewhere?
I don’t think Vivian is teaching him anything beyond his curriculum though. 
Finnick looked at him curiously, hoping the boy could give him an explanation, but Larry stammered and could not even come up with any good reason. 
It was actually Samuel who taught him everything, but Larry was afraid that Finnick would be sad if he mentioned Samuel, so he lied and said he learned everything himself. 
Finnick believed him and was impressed. 
But he still felt he needed to discuss with Vivian before transferring him to another school. After all, Finnick just came back and he was not the most familiar with Larry’s situation. 
“Alright, Daddy. You can discuss with Mommy first,” the boy said. Finnick patted his head lovingly before sending him into his classroom. 
“Wow, he’s so handsome.” 
“Is he Larry’s dad?” 
“Who else could he be? Of course he’s Larry’s dad.” 
The kids in the classroom suddenly became unsettled when they saw Finnick. 
Instead of entertaining their gossips, Larry walked past his classmates and went straight to his seat. 
This was not the first time this happened to him. Back when he was in kindergarten, his classmates also got excited when they saw Finnick. Things had not changed much even though he was now at elementary school. 
In fact, these kids adored his father even more as they grew up.
Larry sat down and shifted his gaze outside the window as he watched Finnick leaving. 
When Finnick got home, he told Vivian about Larry. 
After some discussion, the couple decided to raise this issue to the school principal and see if anything could be done. 
Since this had to do with Larry’s education, Vivian wanted to go over to his school right away. 
“Are you sure? Can you go over now?” Finnick looked at her struggling to stand on her feet, his brows arched in a naughty curve.
###Chapter 895
Chapter 895 
Vivian totally disregarded him and went ahead to go meet the school principal. 
“Ms. Clark, what do you think about Larry skipping a grade?” 
Vivian told the principal everything after she met her at her office, but the latter found her proposal absurd. 
This was unprecedented in the school. 
The school was a relatively new one and Vivian chose to send Larry to this school simply because it was near her workplace. 
She did not expect Larry to know more than what his classes were teaching. In fact, even Larry himself was surprised he already knew everything taught in class. 
“But if you insist, we can let him take a test for each grade. If he fails a particular grade’s exam, we’ll put him in that grade. What do you think?” the principal suggested. 
Although it would be time-consuming, Vivian thought that was a good idea, so she agreed to it. 
She asked that the school principal keep this a secret since she did not want other kids to see Larry differently. 
Although other children might think Larry was super smart, they might also marginalize him for being different from them. 
Vivian did not want her child to face this kind of discrimination from her friends. 
Ms. Clark agreed and started making arrangements for Larry to take the examinations.
When the principal summoned Larry to his office, the boy was taken aback to see his parents there. “Daddy? Mommy?” On second thought, he soon understood the reason for their presence. 
Vivian shot him an assuring smile and took a quick look at the school principal. 
“I talked with Ms. Clark just now. She said she’ll let you take each grade’s exam,” she explained. 
“Yeah, you just need to answer the questions on the papers,” the principal added. 
Larry nodded and went over to the office table. 
There were a total of five test papers. If Larry were able to pass all these tests, he would be able to skip elementary school altogether. 
Honestly speaking, Ms. Clark did not have high hopes for Larry. She did not think any kid would be able to go from second grade to junior high school. 
But she got it all wrong. 
Larry only took about ten minutes to finish each of the test papers. 
Ms. Clark was utterly shocked. 
She had never seen a student so smart. 
Vivian and Finnick checked through his answers and were equally amazed to see no faults. 
Finnick himself was not a performing student when he was young. He was known for being an unruly kid who loved fighting with others. 
As for Vivian, despite being a studious child, she was never one of those prodigies at school.
None of them would expect their kid to be so clever. 
Larry was done with all the tests in about an hour. 
Ms. Clark was shaken to the core when she saw his answers. 
She could not believe her eyes. Larry actually passed the sixth-grade examination with flying colors. 
Even Finnick almost lost his composure. 
No parents would stand unfazed when their second-grade child managed to pass a sixth-grade exam. 
They had never seen anything like this. 
A cheeky smile played on Larry’s lips when he saw their expressions. 
Larry actually wrote down some wrong answers in the paper because he knew they were going to be flabbergasted, but of course, he did not tell them that was what he actually did. 
Ms. Clark’s hands quivered as she scanned through the tests, slowly turning to look at Larry. 
She went over and reached for the kid’s hand in disbelief, but Larry’s brows furrowed and he moved away instinctively. 
He did not like strangers touching him—not even the school principal. 
But Ms. Clark was too overwhelmed to realize any of this. 
“Larry, you’re a genius!” she exclaimed in excitement. 
But the kid looked at her calmly as if she was talking about someone else.
###Chapter 896
Chapter 896 
A flicker of pride lighted in Finnick’s heart. That’s my kid! Calm and unperturbed. 
Vivian was astounded at the beginning, but she quickly accepted the reality. 
Larry had never failed to surprise her ever since he was a kid. Nonetheless, Vivian had to admit this time Larry outdid himself. 
“Does this mean Larry can graduate now, Ms. Clark?” Vivian asked. 
There was no point letting him study here anymore. It would only be a waste of time. 
“Sure thing. I’ll get the documents ready,” the principal said readily. She penned a graduation certificate and gave it to Larry’s parents. 
Just as Finnick and Vivian were about to leave with Larry, the principal called out to them. “Hold on a second.” 
“Anything else, Ms. Clark?” 
“Well, do you think it’s possible if we ask Larry to do a little promotion for our school?” the principal asked. 
Although she knew the chances were slim, she still wanted to give it a try. 
After all, it would take the community by storm if there was such an impressive kid at their school. 
“We’re sorry, Ms. Clark. We don’t want too much exposure for Larry,” Vivian rejected. 
The principal respected their decision and saw the three of them out.
“Daddy, Mommy, where will I be studying now?” 
Vivian and Finnick had not thought about this yet. 
From what they remembered, Larry had never spent more than three years in any school in the past. 
They could not help but feel disheartened and wondered if it was because of them, or was it simply because Larry was a smart boy. 
But they quickly dismissed this thought. What mattered now was which school should their kid attend. 
“What about we do home schooling for Larry?” 
Vivian thought it would not be wise for a seven-year-old to go to junior high. 
People would start talking about his age. Larry knew he would not be affected by what other people thought of him, but studying from home was not a bad idea. He could just study, sleep and do everything at home, so Larry agreed. 
Since Larry also liked the idea, Vivian left the task of searching for suitable tutors to Finnick and then went to work herself. 
“Hi, Vivian,” Paris greeted her sweetly the moment she saw Vivian at the office. 
Ever since she went for the interview with Vivian at Finnor Group, Paris had started to like the serious but yet gentle woman. 
When she saw her coming into the company, Paris quickly went over to greet her. 
“Good afternoon,” Vivian replied.
It was already one o’clock in the afternoon. Most of the people were off for lunch and the place was exceptionally quiet. 
Vivian put down her bag and started going through the whole neat pile of documents on her work table. 
Although she had gotten the green light from the senior editor to take leave today, Vivian still felt bad. 
She knew the senior editor only agreed because Finnick spoke to her, so she figured it would still be best to come to the office and finish off her work. 
There was actually not much to be done. She just needed to sort out some of the things Finnick said back then at the interview. 
She replayed the recording and a glimmer of warmth budded in her heart hearing his voice. 
But since she was working, she told herself not to get distracted. 
Vivian dived into work and got everything done just two minutes before Ms. Jenson came back to the office. 
Vivian looked at the pile of documents on her table and let out a satisfied smile. 
Bravo, Vivian. Sometimes you just need to give yourself a push and you’ll get everything done in the nick of time no matter how much you want to run away. This is how you get better and better. 
“What about a cup of water?” Paris offered when she saw Vivian was finally done with work. 
Because of her outstanding performance last time, Paris was assigned a new place in the office and she now sat beside Vivian.
The company had a policy of assigning seats according to work performance. Given Vivian’s seniority and work performance, she was given the best place at the office. 
Vivian took a sip of the water Paris passed her, but she instantly choked.
###Chapter 897
Chapter 897 
“Vivian, over at my office,” she called out. 
Vivian quickly wiped off the water on her mouth and picked up the document on her table. She shot Paris an assuring glance before running into the office. 
“This is the report, Ms. Jenson,” Vivian said, putting the document on the table politely as her careful gaze darted at the senior editor. 
Although her husband was the owner of the company, Vivian was still afraid of her. 
Just when Vivian was wondering why the senior editor refused to speak after asking her to come into the office, she finally spoke. 
“You’re not getting any bonus this month.” 
Vivian felt a burden lifted off her chest when she heard this. 
She was worried that the senior editor would give her special treatment because she knew who Vivian was, but she did not. 
Vivian was actually relieved to have a superior who drew a clear line between work and personal affairs. 
The long pause earlier on was because the senior editor was contemplating if she should cut Vivian’s bonus. 
On one hand, it would not make a difference even if she deducted Vivian’s bonus since this company belonged to her husband. Besides, she could also get on Mr. Norton’s good side if she gave Vivian her
bonus. 
But on the other hand, it was her working principle to keep things professional. She would reward and punish her employees according to their performance. 
“Is there a problem? Do you want to know why I’m withholding your bonus?” she asked, looking at Vivian. 
“Is it because I left yesterday afternoon?” 
“Spot on.” 
Paris came over nervously when she saw Vivian coming out of the office happily. 
“You’re not getting your bonus?” 
Paris could not understand how someone could who just got her bonus revoked be in a good mood. 
She’s really one of a kind. 
Paris went back to her place and buried herself in work. 
She came from a humble family, and she was not particularly bright when it came to working. She felt really fortunate to have Vivian guiding her. 
Paris always tried to solve the problems she faced on her own before turning to Vivian for help. 
Vivian was shocked when she saw a few strangers at her house when she got home after work. 
There was a long line of men and women at her place, and they all turned and looked at her when she came in.
“What’s happening?” she asked when she saw Finnick. 
She was wondering why all these strangers were standing instead of sitting on the couch. 
Are we getting a new housemaid? 
“Oh, I’m trying to find suitable tutors for every subject Larry is taking,” he answered, bending down to help Vivian change into a pair of indoor slippers. 
He stood back up again and carried her bag to another side. 
Vivian was taking a cursory glance at the tutors when she spotted a familiar face. 
“Paris?” She suddenly found herself at a loss for words. 
She felt as if Paris and her were really meant to be. Things could not be any more coincidental. 
“This is your house?” Paris asked. 
She actually saw Vivian earlier on, but when she saw her being so intimate with Finnick, she figured it would be best to be sparing with her questions. 
Now that Vivian had seen her, she decided to just ask away. 
“Yeah, this is my house,” Vivian replied with a nod. 
There was no use denying it, but at least Paris did not know Vivian was the wife of the president. 
“What a coincidence,” Paris said with her face lit in happiness. 
She took a glance at Finnick and could not help but admire the couple.
Not only was Vivian a beautiful woman herself, but her husband was also a dashing man. She’s a lucky soul. 
Paris could not help but think of her own unimpressive life, but she quickly brushed it off. 
“Which subject are you teaching?” Vivian asked. 
Although Paris was already working, tutoring only took up one hour. 
She knew she would be able to juggle both if she managed her time well.
###Chapter 898
Chapter 898 
Since Finnick had chosen her as one of Larry’s tutors, Vivian was sure Paris must be the best candidate. 
“I’m teaching languages,” she replied. 
Languages were Paris’ forte. It was just that she never had a chance to showcase her talent at work. 
Vivian nodded in approval. She took a sweeping look at the other tutors and then at Finnick. 
“I think they’re all fine,” she said to him. 
“Alright then. Y’all need to work out a schedule and work around it. I’ll see y’all tomorrow. Don’t be late,” Finnick said to the group. 
The reason why he asked them to stay was that he wanted Vivian to have a look at them. 
“Paris, let me send you home?” 
The sky was already dark, and Vivian did not want her to go home on her own. 
Gloom settled over Finnick’s face when she heard Vivian and he glared at Paris begrudgingly. 
He had waited for his wife for the whole day at home. 
He clearly did not want her to go out again. 
“Nah, it’s fine. It’s totally fine,” Paris quickly rejected and left. 
She could feel Finnick’s angry glare drilling through her when Vivian offered to send her home. She knew she should just make herself scarce before she offended him.
“What’s with that face?” Vivian finally understood why Paris scrambled off when she saw Finnick’s face. 
“It’s already dark. It’s not safe for her to go home on her own. Besides, she’s not even driving. That makes it more dangerous,” Vivian said. 
“You need to stop worrying so much.” 
Finnick pulled her into his arms and looked at her with a suggestive smile on his face. 
“What is it?” Vivian felt something was off from his expression. 
Finnick was all serious back then when the tutors were around. Vivian really had no idea what had gotten into him. His face was all red. 
She touched his face and was shocked to feel the heat on his body. 
“Are you okay, Finnick?” she asked anxiously. 
Vivian suddenly remembered someone bumped into her when she was on the way home. The person even shoved something into her bag. 
She left Finnick on the couch and went over to check her bag. She opened it to see a few condoms. 
It turned out the salesman had put a few condoms in her bag when she ran into him while she was on the way home after work. 
Vivian was speechless. He was sure Finnick must have eaten something earlier on, else he would not be in this state. 
But with him being like this, there was nothing else she could do but to send him to get a cold shower. Although she felt bad for doing this to him, she really did not want to see him like this.
There was obviously another solution, but Vivian felt reluctant. 
Before she could make up her mind, Finnick hugged her from behind. She felt something hard pressing against her. 
“Finnick, not here.” Although Larry was already asleep, Vivian still did not feel safe doing it in the living room. 
It would be better to continue it in their own room. 
“Vivian…” Finnick lowered his head and kept calling her name. 
Vivian knew he must have taken quite a high dosage to be this desperate. 
“I’m here,” she coaxed helplessly as he called her again. 
Finnick’s arms tightened and enveloped her in his embrace, planting kisses on her neck. 
It was another sleepless night. 
When Vivian woke up again the next morning, she was already in her bed, naked. 
Likewise, the man lying beside her was also shirtless. She instantly knew what happened yesterday. 
“Morning, Honey.” Finnick flashed her his brightest smile when she turned her head toward him. Vivian felt like giving him a punch in the face. 
I swear he must have used some medication. Else he would’ve given me a break yesterday. 
Vivian had no idea how she was supposed to go to work with all the hickeys on her neck.
###Chapter 899
Chapter 899 
Finnick knew what she was thinking in her mind. “Just don’t go today,” he said, pulling her into his embrace before falling back asleep. 
Vivian looked at him in resignation and continued sleeping. 
She could vaguely hear some voices from downstairs. It must be the tutors. 
It’s okay, Mrs. Filder will take care of them. 
Finnick actually heard them coming into the house earlier on, but he decided to just sleep in. 
Vivian finally got out of bed by afternoon. Although she was spent from yesterday, she felt like she had had enough rest. 
Besides, she would not be able to sleep at night if she continued to stay in bed. 
Vivian knew this was exactly what Finnick wanted. He wanted her to stay up at night so he could do whatever he wanted with her. 
She could read him like an open book, but she decided not to call him out. 
“Come on, it’s time to wake up,” she said, pulling his blanket aside. Her hand froze in the air for a moment when she saw him all naked. 
“What is it? It’s not like you’ve never seen it before?” Finnick teased, looking at her. 
Vivian rolled her eyes and tossed out of bed. After putting on some clothes, she went to wash up.
It was already recess time for Larry when they both went down. The boy was sitting on the couch, looking at them when they walked down the staircase. 
“Why did you guys wake up so late?” Larry asked directly. 
From what he remembered, Vivian was never late for work. 
Why did she sleep in till the afternoon today? 
His forthright question made Vivian fidgety. She darted her gaze at Finnick, hinting him to answer. 
“Oh, we were busy doing something yesterday night, so we slept late,” Finnick said, looking at his son in the eyes. 
Vivian shot him a death glare the moment she heard his reply. 
Are you serious? He’s just a boy! 
Finnick took a quick glance at her and went right into the dining area with a smile on his face. 
Vivian felt embarrassed staying in the living room, so she went into the dining area after Finnick. 
Since Finnick was back, Vivian thought they might as well go get their marriage certificate. 
“When are we getting our marriage license?” 
Finnick’s hand paused slightly as he held out his cutlery to get some food. “Give me some time. I’m a little busy lately.” 
“Why? It’s not like getting the certificate is gonna take a long time,” Vivian asked, a frown settling on her brows.
She did not understand why there was a change in attitude on his side when she mentioned their wedding certificate. Although Finnick was pretty much still the same, Vivian could feel the subtle change in his character, but she did not point it out. 
She wanted to give him a chance to explain himself. 
“Don’t worry. I promise to give you a home. It’s just that I’m a little busy lately. I want to give you an unforgettable wedding. I’m literally unprepared right now,” he assured her sincerely. 
Vivian could not help but feel guilty. 
She thought he was not keen on getting their marriage certificate, but it turned out, he just wanted to give her a wedding she would remember. 
Although she was touched, she still did not want to let him off the hook that easily. 
“I’m gonna wait to see what kind of wedding I’m getting.” 
“Sure,” he said shortly with a smile. 
Despite her spiteful reply, Finnick knew her heart had softened. 
“I’m going to the company to look into some matters later. Are you going to work or are you staying at home?” Finnick asked. 
“Well… I’ll just stay at home today,” Vivian said, looking at the clock. It was almost time for people to get off work at her company.
###Chapter 900
Chapter 900 
“Alright then, I’ll get going first.” 
Speaking, he got up and ruffled her neatly-combed hair until they became messy before leaving with a satisfied smile on his face. 
Vivian mumbled some words and rolled her eyes at him as Finnick walked away. 
Since she was spending the day at home, Vivian decided to just leave her hair be and plunged herself in bed with a book in her hand. 
With only the housemaid, Larry, and his tutor at home, there was no better time to indulge in a good read. 
Vivian was so caught up in the book she did not even realize Finnick was already home. 
“Vivian,” he beckoned, looking at her thoughtfully. 
“What is it?” she looked up at him and caught his thoughtful gaze. 
“I miss you.” Finnick went ahead and gave the surprised woman a hug. 
His sudden gesture elicited a smile on Vivian’s face. “Go take a shower. We’ll have dinner after that.” 
The housemaid knew the usual time Finnick got off work, so she already had dinner ready. 
But since Finnick was home a little earlier today, the maid had just finished preparing dinner. 
She came up and called Vivian, Larry, and Finnick down for dinner when everything was ready. 
Larry had just finished his first day of class and his tutor was about to leave.
“How are studies today, Larry?” Vivian asked. 
She originally wanted to get an update from the tutor, but since it was dinner time, she thought it would be better to not hold up the tutor. 
Besides, she wanted to talk to her son. 
“The teachers are fine,” Larry answered. 
He was not fussy about the teachers he got as long as he was able to learn something from them. 
“Which grade are you at now?” she asked. 
Back when Larry was taking the exam, they only tested him till sixth grade, so Vivian and Finnick could not tell exactly which grade Larry could continue his studies in. 
“Eighth grade,” the boy replied calmly. 
The two parents were once again shocked by their son’s answer. 
They would need some time before they get used to surprises like this. 
Vivian and Finnick exchanged looks and smiled as they dug in. 
“Who is your favorite teacher?” Vivian asked. 
She figured her son would like the best teacher, so she thought it would be nice to give the teacher a little bonus. 
“I like the one that teaches languages the best.”
He felt she was the only tutor who taught him like a real teacher instead of treating him like her employer. 
She was the only one who would pick on his mistakes unreservedly and did not walk on eggshells around him. 
These were the reasons why Larry liked her the most. 
“Oh, Paris?” Vivian only knew she taught languages. She was surprised Paris turned out to be Larry’s favorite teacher. 
“Yeah, that’s her name,” Larry confirmed as he recalled her name. 
“She’s your mom’s colleague,” Finnick explained when he spotted the confusion on his son’s face. 
Finnick also noticed her when she applied for the job. He knew her because she was close to Vivian. 
In order to gain the upper hand against his enemies and protect his family, Finnick made a thorough check on all the people around Vivian and Larry. 
When he found out that Paris had applied for the opening, and that she was genuinely nice toward Vivian, he immediately hired her. 
Things seemed to be working really well now that she turned out to be Larry’s favorite. 
A proud smile curved on Vivian’s lips as she thought about Paris. She knew Paris had what it took to do a good job. She must be really capable to be able to work at the magazine company if she did not have a family backing her up.

###Chapter 901
Chapter 901 
“Finish up your food,” Vivian hurried Larry up when she saw the boy staring at her. He had to sleep early to get ready for tomorrow’s class. 
“Alright, Mommy.” 
Larry picked up his cutlery obediently and started eating. Different from his mother, his table manners were refined and proper. 
This was due to their distinct upbringing and the environment they grew up in. 
Although Vivian was poised and elegant as well, her son was a total natural. He had an innate gracefulness in his demeanor. 
Beside her, Finnick passed her some delicious and nutritious food, hoping to compensate for the long night he put her through yesterday night. 
“The company will be organizing a dinner party tomorrow. Do you want to come with me?” he asked, stealing a look at her. 
“Me? Why?” From what Vivian remembered, Finnick never brought her along for any work-related events. 
What’s he trying to do this time? Vivian could not help but look at him curiously. 
“I want to introduce my wife to the people at the company. Besides, it’s not like you have anything to do at home, so why don’t you come along?” 
Vivian thought what he said was reasonable, so she agreed to attend the company dinner with him.
Ever since Finnick came back, he had taken over most of the work at the company, so the burden on Vivian’s shoulders was not as heavy anymore. 
It was a good thing Finnick came back. Over the past two years, she had worked her socks off just to give Larry a good life. 
Now that Finnick was back, she did not need to work as hard anymore. 
“Alright, I’ll go with you then,” she consented. She glanced at his plate and pushed the dishes closer to him. 
He needed to eat more. He had lost weight over the years. 
Finnick finished off all the food she passed him and briefed her on the necessary preparation for the dinner happening the day after tomorrow. 
“The dinner is organized by our company and Neville Group as a token of our alliance.” 
“Neville Group? I thought they’re our enemy? How do you know they’re not planning on taking over the company again?” Vivian expressed her doubt. 
She was sure that Finnick knew what he was doing, but she could not figure out his motivation. 
“It’s for our mutual benefits,” he answered shortly. 
Chase was a womanizer, but he was actually not as bad as Vivian imagined him to be. 
Many successful businessmen had affairs, and so did Chase. 
But that did not mean he was a less capable entrepreneur. His management of Neville Group was impeccable.
“I see. I’ll go get a nice outfit tomorrow after work then,” Vivian said. 
Vivian no longer had outfits suitable for fancy dinners, so she had to go get one at the mall tomorrow. 
She had been spending more consciously and avoiding luxury brands just so she could afford a good life for Larry. 
Since it was a big event held by the two companies, she thought it would be better to dress appropriately. 
Her attire had to at least show she took the two companies’ collaboration seriously. 
She did not want to end up falling to the mercy of gossipers. 
“Do you want me to go with you?” Finnick asked. 
Since his wife wanted to go shopping, he thought it would be nice to offer to accompany her. 
“It’s okay. I’ll ask Paris to come with me. She has an hour after work tomorrow before she starts tutoring.” 
“Alright then. You two be careful.” 
Vivian knew Finnick was worried about she running into some thug or got into an accident, so she nodded at him assuringly before sitting down on the couch in front of the TV. 
When she got to work the next day, she approached Paris during lunch break. 
“Paris, do you have anything after work? Wanna go shopping together?”
###Chapter 902
Chapter 902 
Vivian decided to ask if Paris had any plans after work. Although Vivian thought she would have time before tutoring, she decided to err on the safe side and ask her in advance. 
“Sure! I’d love to go shopping with you.” Paris was elated Vivian asked her to hang out with her. This was the first time Vivian reached out to her. 
“That’s great. I figured you’d be later,” Vivian said with a smile. 
Right after they finished work, Paris went over to her place. “Let’s go, Vivian,” she said, her floral print mini-dress fluttering as she walked over excitedly. 
Paris was a girl of average height. Her dress teamed her sweet face beautifully, giving off a cheerful vibe. 
Her dress augmented the classical and elegant air she exuded, blending harmoniously with her charismatic character. 
Vivian looked up and shot her a smile before they left together. 
When they reached the mall’s parking lot, a car blocked their way and Vivian honked repeatedly, but to no avail. 
“Should I just go down and talk to the driver?” Paris asked anxiously. 
She only had an hour to shop with Vivian and she did not want to waste time here. 
“Yeah, that’s a good idea.”
Seeing that the driver showed no intention of moving away, Vivian nodded and agreed to Paris’ suggestion. 
Paris looked around as she got off the car. There were not a lot of cars around, so she thought the driver must be having some issues. 
She went over and knocked on the window. 
The window lowered and a man dressed in a black suit came into sight. Despite his chiseled and defined features, his comely eyes hinted at a warm personality. 
“How can I help you?” His sparing words played on his lips. 
“Um, I’m sorry but could you move your car a little? You’re in our way.” 
Paris pointed at Vivian’s car at the back and looked at the man uneasily. 
This was the first time she had ever seen such a good-looking man, and she could not help but feel self-conscious. 
“Oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t realize that.” 
The man was watching a video on his phone, so he did not realize there was another car at the back. Besides, the car’s soundproofing was top notch. 
He shot Paris a polite smile and moved his car aside. 
Behind him, Vivian drove over and parked her car. 
Both the man and Vivian were surprised when they saw each other. 
“What are you doing here?” A smile broke out on Vivian’s face.
Paris looked at the two of them and felt even more uncomfortable. She must have embarrassed herself back there. 
Her face reddened and she was at a loss for words as Vivian and the man greeted each other warmly. 
She was not sure if she should go into the mall first so they could talk. 
“Is this how you greet your brother?” The man’s voice called Paris back to reality. 
Her heart fluttered at his melodious voice. 
Wait… What? Brother? 
So they are siblings? Paris was befuddled, but Vivian quickly came to her rescue. 
“This is Paris, my colleague, and Larry’s tutor,” she introduced her to Benedict. 
“Nice to meet you. I’m Benedict.” 
He took a step forward and held out his hand, looking right into her nervous eyes.
###Chapter 903
Chapter 903 
Paris quickly held out her trembling hand and shook his hand. 
Benedict. 
That’s a nice name. 
The hot flush on her cheeks intensified at the thought. 
“Alright, let’s go shopping!” 
Vivian interjected the awkward conversation. 
“Ben, do you want to go buy some clothes together?” 
Vivian knew he must be here to buy something. After all, they bumped into each other at a mall. 
“Sure,” he said, following after the ladies. 
“By the way, did you change your car?” Benedict asked. He would have recognized her earlier if she were driving her old car. 
“You’re not the only one who can change to a new car,” she replied, rolling her eyes. 
“Finnick has to stop pampering you,” he said, patting his sister’s head. 
He knew Finnick was back. Benedict was relieved Finnick even made a successful comeback in his career. 
As Vivian’s brother, her happiness was the only thing he hoped for.
“Did you just hit me?” Vivian rubbed her head and hit him back. 
Their short interaction accidentally revealed a secret. 
“Finnick?” Paris repeated the name, confused. 
She recalled the interview with Finnor Group’s President. Although she was not entirely sure about the president’s name, the name definitely rang a bell. 
Vivian instantly realized they just gave the secret away. 
She glared at Benedict, who in turn stared right into her eyes unapologetically as if he thought she deserved it. 
“Finnick Norton! That’s our president!” Paris snapped her finger and exclaimed after thinking for a bit. 
But on a quick second thought, the thrill in her eyes disappeared and she stared at Vivian in astonishment. 
“Wait… Does that mean you’re Mrs. Norton?” 
She eyed Vivian from the top to the toe in disbelief. 
“Yeah, that’s me. Can we proceed with shopping now?” 
Vivian tugged her hand and walked faster, trying to change the topic. 
Behind them, Benedict looked at the two women with a smile on his face. Paris let Vivian dragged her along, but she would occasionally turn back to look at Benedict. 
After making sure Paris would keep her identity a secret, Vivian could finally shop for clothes in peace.
Although it would not make any difference, since everyone would know who Vivian was at the dinner, Vivian still wanted to keep it a secret for another day. 
What she needed to do now was to pick a dress that would fit the event. 
It so happened that Benedict was also there to look for an outfit for the dinner. 
It only went to show that the siblings thought alike. 
Vivian and Benedict each had their picks real quick once they went into the mall. 
Both of their choice outfits were blue. Vivian got herself a dress, while Benedict chose a tailcoat. 
Their shopping adventure ended quickly and they all went their separate ways. 
Before Benedict left, he bid Paris goodbye and that sent butterflies flying in her stomach. 
Paris knew she had fallen head over heels for this man. 
“Vivian…” Paris wanted to know more about Benedict. 
“His full name is Benedict Morrison. He’s twenty-eight and he’s Morrison Group’s president. He’s the only sibling I have.” Before Paris could say any further, Vivian saw through her and told her everything about her brother. 
Vivian stole a glance at her mischievously as they hopped in the car. 
By the time they reached, Finnick was still not home yet. Paris went upstairs for her tutoring session with Larry while Vivian grabbed a packet of snacks and sat crossed-legged in front of the TV.
Vivian could not care less when she was at home. She did not see the need to be so restricted, as she usually was at work. 
Paris caught a glimpse of her sitting lackadaisically on the couch as she went upstairs, but she did not say anything. 
She understood that everybody had to unwind at home. A place would not be home anymore if people were not able to just be themselves and cast off restrain.
###Chapter 904
Chapter 904 
After Paris was done with tutoring, Vivian invited her to stay back for dinner and asked the driver to send her home. 
Ever since Vivian offered to send Paris home last time, Finnick hired a chauffeur just to make sure Vivian could stay home more, so Vivian decided to just go along with his arrangement. 
When Paris left, Vivian went over and stuffed a piece of paper in her band. She winked at Paris before closing the door behind her. 
“Mommy, why is Daddy still not home?” Larry asked, sitting down beside Vivian in the exact same posture. 
A smile broke out on Vivian’s face as she spotted her son’s gesture. 
“He has some work to do at the company, so he’s gonna be late.” 
Vivian knew he must be busy preparing for the dinner, but despite how much work he had to do, Vivian still thought he should come home. 
“Let me call him.” 
She scrolled through her contacts on her phone and pressed on “Hubby”. 
When she got a busy signal for her call, Vivian ended the call right away. 
Finnick was probably busy attending to work. Vivian looked at the clock and realized it was already bedtime for Larry. 
“Why not you go to sleep first, Larry? I’ll wait for Daddy.”
After tucking the boy in, Vivian came back downstairs to wait for Finnick while watching the TV. She soon fell into slumber as the night went on. 
When she woke up, it was already the next day. 
Vivian opened her heavy eyelids and looked around in confusion before realizing she was in her bedroom, not the living room. 
Finnick must have carried me upstairs. 
When she went to wash up, she saw Finnick had squeezed some toothpaste on her toothbrush. 
Her lips curved in a blissful smile as she washed her face. 
Finnick was already having breakfast downstairs when she went down. 
“Morning, Honey,” he greeted when he saw her. 
“Morning.” 
“Come over and have breakfast.” 
Seeing Finnick finishing his food so quickly, Vivian knew he must be heading out again. 
“Slow down. You’ll choke,” she said. 
Although Finnick’s manner was still polished despite him eating faster than usual, Vivian was still worried. 
“I’m fine, don’t worry.” He shot her a smile as he pulled out a piece of napkin from the box on the table. 
He got up and put on his clothes after wiping his mouth.
“I’ll get going first, Honey.” 
He waited for a nod from Vivian before leaving the house. 
After sending him off, Vivian went upstairs to wake Larry up. 
“Rise and shine, my little pumpkin. Did you sleep well?” 
There was a hint of guilt in her exceptionally tender tone. Vivian felt she had not been the best mother for Larry over the past two years. 
She knew what the boy needed most was her time, attention, and love, but she had not given him all these. 
All she could think about for the past years was earning enough money to make ends meet. 
That aside, she was not really sure how she could express her care and love for him. 
“I slept well, Mommy,” the boy replied, retracting his gaze after looking at his mother in the eyes. 
“Can I go to the amusement park today?” 
Although Larry was already seven, he was still a kid. Children of his age were still highly attached to their mothers, but Larry was already well-advanced in studies and was rather independent. 
Yet despite this, he was still a child at heart. He also longed to have fun just like his peers. Vivian caught the anticipation in his eyes and agreed readily. 
“Sure. Why not we call off your classes today and go to the amusement park?” 
“Yay!”
Larry was exhilarated when Vivian granted him the green light to play today. He was stressed out recently with all his studies. Now that he knew he could have a day off, he was over the moon.
###Chapter 905
Chapter 905 
“Alright. After breakfast, we shall go to the amusement park.” 
Once she made that announcement, Larry immediately gobbled his food down. 
He finished his breakfast in no time. Shortly after, they headed to the biggest amusement park in the city. 
Back then, Vivian came to this amusement park with Finnick and had fun here. She knew her way around the park. 
“Mommy, I want this!” 
Larry spotted the helium balloons for sale nearby and asked Vivian to buy him one. 
It was rare for Larry to ask for something, so Vivian indulged to his request readily. 
“Sir, how much for one?” Vivian asked the balloon seller, who was a middle-aged man. 
The balloon seller and made the number five with his hand. 
Vivian told Larry to pick a balloon and paid for it. 
After picking a Doraemon balloon, Larry couldn’t stop grinning. 
Doraemon was Larry’s favorite cartoon character. 
Seeing how delighted Larry was, joy sparkled inside her. 
However, Vivian soon spotted two people who were familiar to her.
They were Noah and Ivana. “Mrs. Norton, Mr. Larry.” 
She was about to go to them when they came over and greeted her politely. 
“Fancy running into you at the amusement park,” Vivian teased when she saw them holding hands. 
“Are you here with your girlfriend?” 
At her question, Noah nodded shyly. 
Ivana replied warmly, “Yes, we’re here to have some fun.” She was the total opposite of the reserved Noah. 
“Alright. Have fun, then. Larry and I will be off!” 
They bade goodbye to each other and went on their separate ways. 
Previously, the news of Noah being saved reached Vivian’s ears. She even visited him in the hospital. 
Nevertheless, she didn’t expect that he would be touched by Ivana’s actions and ended up dating her. 
Ivana was an excellent choice. Also, her family owned that hospital. 
Noah might be an ordinary person, but he used to work for the Norton family. 
That was considered a huge feat. 
Seeing how sweet that couple was, Vivian left them alone and decided to stay with Larry. 
After all, she was here to have fun with Larry instead of catching up with them. 
The moment Vivian left, Noah relaxed and started enjoying with Ivana.
They had been together for almost two years. Back then, he was moved by Ivana’s sincerity and agreed to start a relationship with her. 
Indeed, Ivana was accomplished enough to touch Noah’s heart seeing how introverted he was. 
“Mommy, let’s ride the rollercoaster!” As Vivian was spacing out, Larry tugged on her sleeves and urged. 
“Sure!” 
Vivian led him to the rollercoaster. She was initially worried that he would be too little to enjoy the ride, but in the end, she realized he was far more bold than her. 
As far as Vivian was concerned, Finnick wasn’t a fan of rollercoasters. He’d end up puking his guts out after the rollercoaster ride. However, he’d still insist on joining her every time. 
When the ride came to an end, Vivian gave Larry a hug so he could calm down. 
After that, they went on milder rides which weren’t as exciting as the rollercoaster. 
At around 5 p.m., Vivian received a call from Finnick, who told her that he would be coming to join them later. 
Finnick arrived sooner than expected. When he showed up, Vivian and Larry were enjoying their ice- creams. 
He came over to them and said, “Larry, give me a bite of that.” 
Larry promptly offered him a bite of his food. It was the first time the little boy had ever fed his father something.
Finnick ruffled Larry’s hair happily and took a seat beside him. 
“Won’t you go on the rides?” 
As Vivian and Larry were still engrossed in their ice-creams and showed no signs of going on the rides, Finnick was puzzled. He had come all the way here to have fun with them. 
“After finishing our ice creams, we’ll go on the Ferris wheel together.” Vivian had always wanted to go on the Ferris wheel as a family so they could always be together. 
Finnick nodded. 
Shortly after, they entered a gondola on the Ferris wheel while holding hands tightly. It was a heartwarming scene.
###Chapter 906
Chapter 906 
Larry heard of the legend too, which has it that every family who took a Ferris wheel together would be together forever, so he hopped into the gondola excitedly. 
The ride ended soon. They were about to head home when Finnick realized Vivian and Larry hadn’t had lunch as they were too busy having fun. 
Hence, they went to a restaurant and filled their tummies up before heading home. 
A few days later, it was time for the dinner party. Vivian put on a newly bought blue evening dress while Finnick wore a smart suit with a blue tie to match Vivian’s dress. 
“Daddy, Mommy, where are you going?” Larry inquired curiously when he saw his parents all dressed up. 
“We’re going to join a party in our company today,” Vivian bent down and explained to Larry. 
“Can I go, too?” 
Larry wanted to join them as his parents looked stunning in their outfits. 
Alas, they were going to a formal dinner party in the company instead of the amusement park. It was impractical to bring Larry along. 
Larry pouted after hearing her explanation and muttered to himself unhappily. “Fine, I won’t go.” 
Vivian found his reaction hilarious, but she didn’t laugh out loud lest Larry got more upset. 
“Larry, I will bring you along next time, alright?”
One day, Larry would attend an important event where Finnick would announce Larry as his successor. 
At once, Larry’s eyes lit up while nodding profusely. He said nothing as Finnick and Vivian left the house with their hands tightly clasped together. 
He then went upstairs to continue his revision. 
I’ve taken a day off yesterday, so I can’t play with my toys today. 
“Finnick, will there be many people attending the party?” Vivian was nervous as this was the first time she had ever attended such a party. 
If there was a huge crowd at the party, she would keep her lips zipped and maintain a polite smile throughout the whole night. 
Vivian was afraid of bringing trouble to Finnick’s company if she said something inappropriate at the party. 
“Don’t worry. You’ll be fine,” comforted Finnick as he patted her head affectionately. 
He then stared at her thoughtfully. 
“What’s wrong? Is there something on my face?” 
Sensing Finnick’s gaze, Vivian reached out to touch her cheeks. 
“It’s nothing. I was marveling at how pretty you look.” Vivian blushed fiercely after hearing his praise. 
Usually, Finnick would praise her in a cheeky manner, so she was taken aback by how gentle he was right now. 
“Alright. Focus on driving.” Vivian squeezed his hand and fell silent.
Vivian’s mind was racing. What if something happens later? What should I answer when someone asks me a question? 
The car soon came to a stop at their destination. 
Both of them alighted from the vehicle. Vivian held Finnick’s arm as they entered the venue. 
Immediately, they drew envious glances from the milling crowd. Upon closer inspection, however, they could sense that the moment they walked in, the crowd stared at them and murmured flattering praises such as, “Mrs. Norton is so gorgeous!” or “Mr. Norton is so handsome!” 
They were merely being courteous. Despite that, Vivian smiled and nodded at everyone politely. 
Finnick strode ahead without a word, but that was normal as everyone was used to his indifference. 
No one found his indifference rude. On the other hand, if he flashed a smile instead, they would probably find it strange. 
Finnick soon spotted Chase clinking glasses with someone else. Upon seeing him, the latter came over immediately. 
“Mr. Norton, you look charming tonight,” praised Chase. His words seemed more convincing than the others. 
Perhaps his comments were sincere, or he might be good with his words after years in the corporate world. 
“Mr. Neville, the same goes to you,” replied Finnick coolly. Both men were total opposites— Finnick being aloof, and Chase being mild-mannered. 
Chuckling, Chase gestured at Vivian. “And this is…”
Previously, Chase had met Vivian before, but he still wanted a formal introduction through Finnick. 
“My wife, Vivian Morrison,” answered Finnick.
###Chapter 907
Chapter 907 
“Rumor has it that Mr. Norton adores his wife greatly. Looks like it’s true,” said Chase as he let out another chuckle. 
Vivian didn’t really like Chase, but she flashed a smile and nodded nonetheless. 
Both companies had formed an alliance, so no matter what she felt about Chase, it was important not to show it in public. 
Finnick’s smile remained on his lips as he checked the time. The main event was about to begin. 
Right then, the hosts— both managers from their respective companies, went onstage, signaling the start of the event. Obviously, both companies took this seriously. 
“Thank you for taking your time to attend our party to celebrate Finnor Group and Neville Group’s alliance.” 
The hosts made the usual pleasantries and began their speeches. 
Everyone seemed excited, but Vivian remained unfazed. She couldn’t find anything appealing about the party. 
Finnick released his grip on her and gestured for her to stay here. 
Feeling bored, Vivian left the crowd and went to her brother. 
“What’s wrong? Why are you here instead of being with your husband?” 
Benedict smirked at the sight of his little sister approaching him. My little sister was indeed beautiful.
“Ben!” Vivian whined. 
Right now, she let down her guard and became a cheeky child in front of her brother. 
Benedict was pleased as it meant she considered him as family. 
“Hey, why did Finnor Group suddenly decided to joint venture with Neville Group?” Benedict asked. He had been curious all along but couldn’t bring himself to ask Finnick that question. 
Hence, he threw the question to Vivian to see what her opinion was. 
“Mm, I have no idea either.” Vivian had never asked Finnick that very question. 
After all, she knew he had a reason for doing so. Even if she posed that question to him, she wouldn’t have understood his explanation. 
Hence, there was no point asking. It was enough as long as Finnick provided for her. 
Benedict knew she was going to say that, so he said nothing and watched as Finnick and Chase went on stage. 
They both began by praising each other’s companies before stating their promises solemnly. 
Vivian had never liked the complicated procedures, but she watched on without a word. 
Finally, Finnick and Chase announced, “Finnor Group and Neville Group’s alliance is official!” before they got off the stage. 
It was then time for everyone to enjoy themselves, so the crowd started milling around again. 
Most of the guests were from the corporate world. Some had even brought their daughters along.
Right now, there were more men than women in the venue. 
The ladies were observing the men, trying to seek out the most handsome one here. 
There were also a few bigshots here as well. Naturally, they started to talk business. 
Everyone was preoccupied with their own businesses. Meanwhile, Vivian sat aside alone. Her husband and brother were conversing with others, and she was too shy to interrupt or join them. 
Luckily, Finnick came to her soon. “Are you hungry? Do you want some fruits?” 
It was getting late, and they didn’t have lunch, so Finnick figured Vivian should be starving by now. 
“Not really.” 
Vivian thought it would be rude to eat something here. Everyone else was deep in discussion, so it wasn’t a good idea for her to start eating out of nowhere. 
Inclining her head slightly, Vivian stared at Finnick, who seemed especially stern today. 
It was a strange sight that made her slightly uncomfortable as Finnick had never ever shown this side of him to her. 
Vivian could understand why, though. This was a business event, so he had no choice but to put up a stern front. 
Deep down, Vivian told herself to be an understanding partner. 
“Alright. Stay here. I’ll be back soon.” 
Finnick left to talk to someone else and left Vivian alone again.
###Chapter 908
Chapter 908 
“If you’re bored, you can stroll around the venue,” he told her before leaving. 
There was no one else that Vivian could talk to here. 
“Sure.” 
Vivian rose to her feet obediently. After that, they both went their separate ways. 
Vivian was unfamiliar with the surroundings, but she strode ahead anyway. 
Suddenly, she spotted a box. Her curiosity was piqued as she made her way toward the box. 
There were rubies encrusted all over the box. The rubies weren’t real, but it seemed to insinuate that the box was something important. 
Vivian was about to open it when a woman’s voice rang out. “Turns out Vivian Morrison is a thief.” 
It was an unknown voice, so Vivian turned at her shoulder to see who it was. 
The woman who appeared in her sight was dressed in a fiery red dress. The thick makeup on her face covered her flaws. She was currently gazing at Vivian menacingly. 
Frowning, Vivian wondered why she was exuding an air of hostility. Have I ever offended her? Why is she glaring at me? 
As Vivian didn’t remember seeing this woman anywhere, she concluded she hadn’t offended her before. 
Hmm, it seems like she dislikes me without any reason.
“Excuse me, but you are?” Since the woman was being rude, Vivian didn’t bother with the pleasantries. 
Still, she remained polite and formal. 
“How ignorant of you not to know who I am. I’m Lexi Jackson, a popular celebrity.” 
Lexi flipped her perfect curls back flippantly and glanced at Vivian. 
The disdain in her gaze was evident. 
Seriously? Did I kill her entire family or what? I’ve never heard of Lexi Jackson, though. 
“I’m sorry. I don’t really pay attention to showbiz,” Vivian replied. It was true. She was more used to reading finance and current news. 
Therefore, she had no idea who Lexi was. 
“Hey!” 
Lexi thought Vivian would gaze at her enviously after she revealed she was a celebrity. 
Alas, Vivian didn’t even know who she was. 
“What’s wrong? Are you stuttering, Ms. Jackson?” 
As Lexi was at a loss for words, Vivian couldn’t help but feel exasperated. 
“Damn it! Do you know who my dad is?” Lexi declared angrily. 
“No.” 
Vivian rolled her eyes. Why does everyone like to throw their dad’s name out when they are in a fight?
She stared at Lexi quietly. 
“My dad is the president of Neville Group!” 
Oh, she’s Chase Neville’s daughter. Wait, something seems amiss. 
“Why are you a Jackson instead of a Neville, then?” 
Lexi felt her pride shattering into pieces at her question. She raised her hand to give Vivian a slap when Chase and Finnick’s voices rang out. 
“What are you doing?” Chase roared. 
Finnick knitted his eyebrows at the scene. 
“Dad!” Lexi immediately put on a pitiful expression as though it was Vivian who bullied her. 
“What happened?” Chase demanded. I shouldn’t have brought her here. This is embarrassing. 
“Vivian tried to steal my box which I left here. I caught her in the act, but she refused to admit to her crime,” claimed Lexi furiously. 
She didn’t forget to glare at Vivian, too. 
“Oh? Are you sure?” Vivian’s gaze was getting colder by the minute. She didn’t even bother giving an explanation. 
Seeing her reaction, Finnick spoke. “Forget it. Mr. Neville, sorry for troubling you.”
###Chapter 909
Chapter 909 
With that, he led her out. 
Chase glowered at Lexi, warning her to stay put. 
Lexi cowered back in fear and nodded obediently. 
Meanwhile, Vivian felt a flicker of irritation as Finnick led her away. 
It wasn’t my fault. Why did he act like I was the one who took the box without permission? 
“What are you doing?” she pried from his grip and demanded. 
Vivian felt wronged as she seethed with anger. 
“You know what you did. Go home on your own.” 
With that said, Finnick spun on his heels and left. 
As he walked away from her, Vivian’s heart sink. 
Doesn’t Finnick believe me? 
Does he seriously think I’m a thief? Why is he acting this way? 
As the questions whirled around in her mind, Vivian walked out of the building. 
Finnick had driven her here earlier. She had to walk home alone since he told her to head home on her own.
On the way out, Vivian couldn’t help but wonder. Today’s a happy occasion. Why did Finnick treat me that way? 
Did I do something to make him angry? If so, why didn’t he say it out loud? 
Suddenly, she heard a familiar voice. When she turned back, she spotted Larry standing at a distance away. 
Vivian’s lips parted in shock. Is that Larry? Why is he here? Shouldn’t he be at home? Curious, she went to Larry and questioned her son. 
“I was bored at home, so I followed you secretly,” came Larry’s reply. 
After they departed earlier, Larry dashed upstairs to take some money and hailed a cab to follow them. 
Finnick wasn’t driving quickly, so he caught up with his parents in no time. 
“No more next time! What if something happens to you?” 
Vivian patted her chest in fear. Luckily, I came out in time. Otherwise, something might happen to Larry. 
“I’m fine, Mommy. I never lost sight of you,” replied Larry as he swung Vivian’s hand sweetly. 
“You saw everything?” Vivian was surprised when she heard his words. 
“Yes. Lexi is a bad woman!” Larry huffed. 
He was about to help Vivian, but Finnick and Chase showed up before he could do so. 
Upon seeing the men, he retreated back to his hiding place. 
“Lexi Jackson likes Daddy. That was why she did that to you.”
Larry’s statement served as a wake-up call for Vivian. 
She couldn’t understand why Lexi hated her so much, but now everything made sense. 
“How did you know?” 
“She kept stealing glances at Daddy in the party.” 
Oh, I see. 
Still, Vivian couldn’t help but blame Finnick for not helping her. Even Larry could see it wasn’t her fault. 
Larry knew his mommy was feeling miserable. He parted his lips to comfort her. “Mommy, look. I’m here for you!” 
He winked cheekily, causing Vivian to burst out laughing. 
Right. Even if Finnick doesn’t believe me, I still have Larry. 
I only wanted to touch the box, but Lexi accused me of being a thief. 
Yes, that box was pretty, but I’m a well-mannered person. There’s no way I’ll steal something which belongs to others just because I like it. 
Vivian took Larry’s hand. Let’s see what Finnick will say when he gets back home. I’ll ignore him until he gives me an explanation. 
They hailed a cab and went back home. 
Vivian originally wanted to walk back home, but after bumping into Larry, she didn’t want to tire him out.
###Chapter 910
Chapter 910 
Taking a cab home was their best choice. 
Back at home, Vivian ushered Larry into his room as his teacher was here. 
Previously, after Larry told them about his teachers’ shortcomings, Vivian fired them all except for Paris. 
She wouldn’t let the disqualified tutors teach her little pumpkin. 
Vivian went back to her room. Hiding under the covers, she started munching on snacks. 
She had never eaten in bed, but this time, she was too angry to think straight. Also, she was too lazy to go to the dining room. 
As she was in a foul mood, she allowed herself to act capriciously this once. 
Vivian chomped on her chips and soon dozed off. 
When Finnick came home, he was greeted by the sight of a messy bed with chips scattered everywhere. There were even chips on Vivian’s face. 
Finnick retrieved the chip packaging and slowly picked up the scattered chips. 
When he picked up the last chip, Vivian’s eyes fluttered open. 
Finnick jolted in shock, but he quickly collected himself and flashed a grin. 
“Are you hungry?” he queried. “Get up. It’s time for dinner.” 
Actually, it was one hour past their usual dinnertime, but it wasn’t too late to have dinner now.
Finnick refused to let Vivian sleep on an empty stomach. It isn’t good for her health. 
Vivian spared him a glance and rolled over. She shut her eyes firmly. Ha! Serves you right for getting mad at me earlier. 
Seeing her reaction, Finnick joined her in bed and wrapped his arms around her. 
“Honey, listen. I had no choice back there. You are my wife, so I know you’ll understand my decision. I do trust you, but that was Chase Neville’s daughter. If I attack her, our partnership will come to an end.” 
After hearing Finnick’s explanation, Vivian felt her heart soften. 
She had spent a long time reflecting on herself. By doing so, her fury had faded away. 
She was acting indifferent so Finnick would provide an explanation. 
“Also, you need to leave to be with our son.” 
Finnick knew she was no longer angry, so he tightened his arms around her. 
“You knew our son had followed us there?” 
Vivian turned and gazed at him curiously. 
“I realized it the moment he got into a cab to tail after us.” 
Vivian’s fury faded into thin air. Finnick knew Vivian was doing this for Larry, so he smiled. “You’re not mad anymore?” 
He brushed a finger softly down her nose. 
“Mm,” came Vivian’s exasperated reply.
She was still upset at what he did today. Understanding his intention was one thing, and throwing a tantrum was another. 
No one said she couldn’t throw a tantrum after she found out why he did so, right? 
“Alright. I prepared dinner to make it up to you. Shall we eat together?” 
Before entering their bedroom, Finnick had already prepared a spread for her. 
Vivian’s stomach was grumbling in hunger. She got off the bed and washed up before following him downstairs. 
Larry was seated at the table. When he saw them holding hands, he immediately knew they had made up. 
The little boy ran his fingers through his hair and waited patiently as Finnick served them. 
Finnick’s cooking skills had improved gradually. If he worked hard, he’d end up being a better cook than Vivian herself. 
No matter how good his culinary skills were, Finnick still preferred Vivian’s cooking. 
He could feel how much she loved him through the food she prepared for him. 
“Is it delicious?” Finnick asked. 
Vivian gave him a nod and continued eating. 
Finnick knew Vivian didn’t like to talk when she was eating, so he didn’t press on. 
The three of them enjoyed their dinner silently.
###Chapter 911
Chapter 911 
The next day, Vivian was still pondering last night’s events on the way to work. Finnick had already given her a plausible explanation, but something felt amiss to her. 
She couldn’t figure out what the problem was. 
Ah, forget it. 
Upon reaching her company, Vivian noticed everyone seemed to be engrossed in work. 
Puzzled, she wondered, It’s still early. Why are they working this hard? 
Thinking she got the time wrong, she glanced at her watch. Indeed, it wasn’t time to start work yet. Hence, she went to Paris. 
“What’s wrong? Why is everyone so hard at work?” Vivian inquired. Paris was also working, to her surprise. 
“The president might come to inspect our company today.” 
Since Finnick acquired this company, no one had ever seen him in real person. They only knew his surname was Norton. That was it. 
Early this morning, they received news that Finnick was coming to the company. Everyone was smiling from ear to ear. 
Finnick was rumored to be a handsome and successful entrepreneur, so they start working diligently without hesitation. 
“Huh?” Vivian was dumbfounded.
Inspection? Finnick never told me he’ll come to inspect our company. Why am I the last one to know? 
Even though Vivian had her doubts, she supposed Finnick had just made that decision this morning. 
Shortly after, Vivian began working as she awaited his arrival in anticipation. 
Everyone else couldn’t wait to see how handsome Finnick was, but Vivian was curious as to how Finnick would carry out the inspection. 
This was the first time she had ever seen him in action, hence the anticipation. 
It was still early, but everyone was already hard at work. Silence blanketed the office area; only the clicking sounds of the keyboard could be heard. 
Very soon, footsteps sounded from the stairway, signaling Finnick’s arrival. 
Everyone tensed up at once. Some even held their breaths in anticipation. 
As the footsteps got closer, Finnick appeared in their sight. 
Everyone gasped in disbelief upon spotting him. 
Wow, he’s such a hunk! 
They were still at work, so none of them actually said that out loud or stared at him boldly. Everyone stole glances at him secretly. 
Vivian couldn’t help but beam at how handsome he looked. 
Indeed, a man was most attractive when he was focusing on his job. 
Upon spotting Finnick, Paris glanced at Vivian.
She had seen Finnick many times previously, but the man still managed to awe her with his stunning looks today. 
However, Paris still found Benedict better-looking. 
Finnick’s gaze swept across the office area. He met Vivian’s gaze briefly before he strode into the president’s office. 
After the departure of the previous president, Vivian had redecorated the president’s office. 
Back then, the others were too busy to be involved in this project. 
When she knew the new president was Finnick, she added more stuff inside. 
The moment Finnick entered the office, he immediately knew it had been decorated by Vivian. 
As Finnick was nowhere to be seen, the others resumed working. However, some were gossiping about who Finnick’s wife was. 
Those who were in the know said nothing, but the clueless ones were chatting excitedly. 
Vivian overheard their conversation and chuckled silently. She lowered her gaze and continued reading the document. 
At noon, Vivian and her colleagues got off work. After the inspection, Finnick returned to Finnor Group. 
He was still at work. 
Finnor told her he’ll be going home with her at noon but still hadn’t contacted her, so obviously he was still stuck in his meeting.
Vivian went home alone and prepared some desserts for him. 
It took her a while to bake Finnor’s favorite desserts. With the freshly baked desserts wrapped up nicely, she headed to Finnor Group. 
“Hello, do you have an appointment?” Upon arrival, the receptionist stopped her from entering the building.
###Chapter 912
Chapter 912 
Vivian whipped out her ID and provided a long explanation before she successfully convinced the receptionist to let her in. 
She had been here many times, so she knew where Finnick’s office was. 
On the way to the office, she bumped into the lady who brought her up the last time she was here. Hence, they both headed up together. 
Vivian was surprised when the lady entered Finnick’s office beside her. 
“Who are you?” she inquired. The woman seemed really ordinary but could enter the president’s office as she please, so Vivian felt slightly vexed at that. 
“I’m Mr. Norton’s assistant,” the woman replied with a smile. Vivian glanced at her for the last time and fell silent. 
Previously, Finnick only hires male assistants. Why did he hire a female assistant now? Vivian was upset, but she didn’t say anything. 
She waited for a long time, but Finnick didn’t show up. After putting the desserts on his desk, she left his office. 
“Mrs. Norton, are you leaving?” 
The assistant knew who Vivian was, so she greeted Vivian politely. 
“Mm. I’m busy.” 
Vivian gave her a nod and strode out.
The reason Vivian showed little interest in this assistant was that the latter had a curvy body and pleasant attitude. 
I left some snacks on your desk. Enjoy! 
Vivian sent Finnick a text, but he didn’t reply after a long wait. 
Instead of waiting patiently for his reply, Vivian headed back to work. 
When it was time to get off work, she realized Finnick still hadn’t replied to her text. She immediately switched off her phone. 
He should be busy, she comforted herself. 
Yet, she couldn’t shake off that niggling feeling in her heart. 
When she reached home, Finnick hadn’t returned yet. Vivian had dinner with Larry and went to bed alone. 
In her sleep, she felt someone hugging her tight. It was Finnick. 
Instinctively, she snuggled closer to him and dozed off comfortably. 
The next day, Vivian woke up alone in bed. The same situation had been happening for a few days. 
Finnick was swamped with work recently. Vivian felt like complaining, but she was afraid of adding additional stress to him if she did so. 
Hence, she decided against doing so. 
After breakfast, Vivian fussed with her makeup in front of the mirror for some time before heading to work.
Yet, when she arrived at work, a shocking piece of news reached her ears. 
Rendered speechless, she froze in her seat. 
Lexi Jackson spotted holding hands with Finnor Group’s president! 
At the sight of the massive headlines, Vivian was thunderstruck. She had no idea how to react to that. 
All the while, Finnick had always been a great husband. He had never fooled around with other women. 
Is this true? 
Yesterday, when I went to his office with some snacks, he didn’t show up. Don’t tell me he wasn’t in a meeting? Was he with Lexi instead? 
The more she thought about it, the more furious she was. Ignoring everyone else, she strode out of her office and drove to Finnor Group. 
The receptionist was about to stop her from entering, but Vivian’s gaze was so terrifying. The next minute, Vivian’s words shocked her into silence. 
“I am Mrs. Norton, Vivian Morrison.” 
Everyone, including the receptionist, dared not stop her from entering the building. 
They had just found out about their president’s scandal with Lexi Jackson. 
They also knew the name of their president’s wife. 
That was how they confirmed Vivian’s identity. 
Vivian stalked upstairs and came to a stop in front of the assistant’s desk. “Where is Finnick?”
The assistant was dumbfounded. Mrs. Norton has always been nice to me.
###Chapter 913
Chapter 913 
Why does she look so mad? Did something happen? 
The assistant had been at work since early morning, so she had no idea what was going on. Her mouth was agape as she stared at Vivian wordlessly. 
“Where is he?” Vivian urged. 
“Oh, Mr. Norton’s inside his office,” came the assistant’s reply. 
At once, Vivian pushed the door open and strode in. 
Before she went in, she had half-expected to see something inside—like two persons flirting or fooling around, but Finnick was alone inside his office. 
Vivian scanned the surroundings carefully, but there were no signs of the woman anywhere. 
Her gaze landed on Finnick. “You’re busy?” 
“Huh? Honey, why are you here?” 
Finnick glanced at her innocently. 
“Why am I here? If I didn’t come, will Lexi get pregnant with your baby next?” 
Fury shone in Vivian’s gaze. How dare he cheat on me but refuse to admit it? 
Still, she kept her voice low lest outsiders overheard their argument. 
“Lexi? Oh, I just held her in time because she fell down.”
Finnick was tickled by Vivian’s reaction, but he knew this wasn’t the right time to laugh out loud. 
Holding his laughter back, he offered an explanation quickly. 
“Oh? Fell down? Isn’t it obvious what she’s trying to do? It’s pretty clear to me.” 
Alas, Finnick’s explanation only served to heighten her fury. 
A furious woman was an unreasonable woman. 
“Vivian, listen to me.” 
This was the first time Finnick had ever seen Vivian this livid, so he was at a loss as to how to quell her anger. 
Back then, he found Lexi’s act despicable, but it was too late for him to turn back time and reverse his action. 
“Go on. I’m all ears.” 
Vivian flashed a grin amidst her rage and glared at Finnick. Well, let’s see what his explanation will be. 
“Yes, Lexi did that on purpose. I had to help her because her dad was right there. If I didn’t help her, things would turn awkward.” 
After providing his explanation, Finnick gazed at her earnestly, hoping she’d cool down soon. 
It’s really difficult to appease her anger. 
She looks like she is about to slap me! 
“If so, will there be a next time?”
As Finnick’s words made sense, Vivian’s anger disappeared as quickly as it came. 
As the news reported otherwise, Vivian initially flew into a fit of rage. 
However, she could still think straight. After pondering for a bit, she immediately realized it was nothing but a ruse because she was also working in the publishing industry. 
Ah, she has forgiven me! 
Immediately, Finnick responded, “No, of course not! I won’t do it again.” 
He dared not say anything else except to beg for her forgiveness. 
“Mm,” came Vivian’s calm reply as she looked away. 
Finnick knew Vivian still wanted him to appease her. 
“Vivian, I was wrong. Why don’t you hit me to vent out your anger?” 
Vivian remained unfazed. It took Finnick some time to eventually soften her. 
Soon Vivian felt better and she flung her arms around him. 
“We’ve been separated for seven years. I’ve waited for you all the while. Please don’t leave me ever again, alright?” 
This morning, besides the initial fury that swelled in her, she was also angry at how incapable she was. 
If the scandal turned out to be true, Vivian had no idea what she would do.
###Chapter 914
Chapter 914 
Terrified that Finnick would leave her, she pleaded with him in a meek tone. 
She wasn’t someone who couldn’t survive without a man, but her love for Finnick was too deep. 
“Okay. I won’t, don’t worry.” 
Finnick patted her back in consolation. 
Nevertheless, he felt bitterness spreading across his heart. Am I doing the right thing? 
Forget it. I’ll just take things one step at a time. 
Vivian remained in his embrace for a long time before leaving his office. She had already been absent from work for the morning. 
If she didn’t return to work, her senior editor might take action against her. 
“Alright. Go!” Finnick kissed her forehead before allowing her to leave. 
The minute Vivian stepped out of Finnick’s office, his assistant immediately glanced at her curiously. 
Feeling chagrined, Vivian chided herself for acting on impulse earlier. Yet, it was too late for her to regret her actions. 
She strode away confidently. No one will dare to gossip if I’m confident enough, she told herself. 
After leaving the building, she drove back to her company. 
The next day, another bombshell dropped.
Vivian’s hands were trembling as she read the papers. She wanted to rush to Finnick’s office to demand an explanation, but she was afraid the same thing would happen all over again. 
“Finnick Norton!” she growled angrily. 
At once, Finnick sneezed in his office. 
Vivian wanted to demand a statement from Finnick now, but she changed her mind swiftly. I’ll wait for him to come and give me an explanation. 
Hence, she threw herself into work furiously until it was time to get off work. She was packing her stuff up when she saw Finnick’s text: Are you getting off work? Do you want me to pick you up? 
Vivian: Sure. 
Let’s see what his explanation will be. 
“Honey!” Finnick called out when she walked out of the building. 
After entering the car, Vivian fixated her gaze on Finnick. 
The breeze was blowing against her cheeks gently. Her tears had dried off by now. 
By the time Vivian stepped out of Finnick’s car, he still hadn’t offered her an explanation. 
“Tell me. Why did you go to a hotel with Lexi?” She folded her arms crossly. 
“Well, there’s nothing to explain. I’m not afraid to admit what I did.” 
Glancing at the dark sky, Finnick was about to start the engine as it was late. 
To his surprise, Vivian opened the door and left without hesitation.
Finnick watched as she walked away wordlessly. He called someone before heading toward the hotel. 
Meanwhile, Vivian’s heart was aching uncontrollably at the thought of the conversation she had with Finnick in the car. 
Yesterday, he gave me an excuse easily. 
Now that the papers reported him going into a hotel with Lexi, he had nothing else to say. 
She wiped her tears away and let out a self-deprecating laugh. 
Finnick has admitted to having an affair. It’s pointless for me to stay on. 
I should leave with little pumpkin. 
After all, Finnick and I are still not legally married. Might as well I leave him now. 
We shall go on our separate ways from now on. 
Instead of heading home, Vivian decided to spend a night in the hotel. 
On the way to the hotel, she realized someone was stalking her. Immediately, she quickened her footsteps and went into a nearby hotel. 
This hotel was one of Finnick’s assets. 
Vivian didn’t want to use her identity as Mrs. Norton to get a room, so she only requested for a standard room.
###Chapter 915
Chapter 915 
The room was slightly more expensive than usual, but Vivian thought the price was worth it. After all, this standard room was as huge as other hotels’ presidential suites. 
She flopped into the bed and thought about the past few days’ events. 
After Finnick came back, everything seemed strange. 
He refused to register our marriage, claiming that he wasn’t ready. He would only treat me nicely at home. 
In public, he was always aloof. 
Is he afraid his lover would get mad? 
Vivian snorted as her mind raced. 
They had been together for over eight years, so Vivian knew Finnick well. However, he had become a stranger to her now. 
Back then, Finnick would never be caught with another woman, let alone entering a hotel with a popular celebrity. He had also never ignored Vivian. 
It’s his fault that I’m spending the night in a hotel. 
Finnick must be bored at me. 
I’m old and haggard now. He isn’t contented with having one wife, so he found himself another lover.
Cheating on one’s partner—both physically and mentally—was an unforgivable sin to Vivian, especially since she regarded them as a married couple. 
She couldn’t do a thing to change the reality, hence she decided to leave with Larry in tow. 
Soon, she drifted off to sleep. 
The next morning, when Vivian arrived at the lobby, she ran into someone familiar—Finnick’s assistant. 
“Good morning, Mrs. Norton. I’m here under Mr. Norton’s orders to escort you home.” 
Vivian nodded and got into the vehicle. 
Her original plan was to go back home and pick up Larry before taking off. Therefore, this car ride was in accordance with her plan. 
In the car, the assistant was smart enough to remain silent throughout the whole journey. True enough, Vivian wasn’t in the mood to say anything. 
Silence hung in the air, except for the occasional turning of the steering wheel. 
Back home, Vivian entered the door to find Finnick huddled together with Larry, seemingly engrossed in a conversation. 
When she went closer, she realized that he was helping Larry with his studies. 
Upon spotting Vivian, Finnick dismissed his assistant with a wave. 
He glanced at Vivian and uttered, “Honey, you were too busy with work to come home last night. If I didn’t send my assistant to pick you up, would you still be working by now?”
Vivian immediately understood what Finnick was trying to say. Oh, he told Larry I spent the whole night working in my office. 
However, she refused to play along with him. 
“Come with me,” she ordered. 
She didn’t want to cause a scene in front of their child. 
Finnick gazed at Larry, who was scribbling down the answer confidently. He gestured for the tutor to continue teaching Larry. 
“I’m going to leave with Larry,” Vivian cut to the chase and announced. 
After seeing Finnick’s scandal with a popular celebrity splashed over the front news for two consecutive days, she couldn’t take it any longer. 
Afraid of losing herself after seeing another scandal tomorrow, she told herself it was time to leave this man. 
Perhaps she would fare better without Finnick. 
“No, I will not allow it,” came Finnick’s firm reply. 
There was no way he would allow her to leave him, ever. 
“What if I insist?” 
Vivian’s eyes widened as she glared at him icily. 
“I’ll hold you captive, then.” Finnick’s answer took Vivian by surprise.
Hold me captive? 
Seriously? Why did he change so much after his return? 
He had never said or even tried to hold me captive! 
He means it. Vivian thought about it and returned to her room.
###Chapter 916
Chapter 916 
I’ll find a way to escape secretly. I swear I will leave. 
To her utter shock, Finnick refused to let her leave the house starting the next day. He even cut her off from the outside world. 
Vivian felt extremely distressed. She had no idea what she did wrong or what had happened to Finnick. 
Why is Finnick doing this to me? 
Only a prisoner would be imprisoned. Why is he imprisoning me at home? 
It was something she hadn’t expected, hence she could only sit on the sofa and switched on the TV silently. 
Larry came to her and asked, “Mommy, don’t you have to go to work today?” 
Yes, I do. It was your daddy who forced me to stay at home. 
That was what she thought, but she didn’t reveal the truth to Larry. Instead, she beamed happily. 
“No need. My company gave me a holiday.” 
It was a blatant lie, but Larry bought it anyway. He giggled. “Then you must’ve been a hardworking employee. Otherwise, your company wouldn’t have given you a holiday.” 
Then, Larry gave her a peck on her forehead and chuckled merrily at the sight of his saliva on her forehead. 
“Good boy. Love you too, little pumpkin.”
As Vivian laughed, she couldn’t help but think that the little boy was the only one who loved her now. 
There was also her brother, of course. 
She felt much better upon recalling her family. 
Previously, she was too obsessed with Finnick. Now that he wasn’t the one for her, it would be best for her to take her leave. 
She might spend some time to get over him, but it would be over sooner or later. 
Vivian waited the entire day until Finnick came home at night. 
Larry was still with her. She didn’t want her son to sense something was amiss, so she pretended to be delighted at Finnick’s return. 
“Honey, have you taken dinner?” asked Finnick nonchalantly as though nothing had happened. 
At the thought of Finnick addressing someone else as “honey,” Vivian felt pained. 
Yes, he’s calling me “honey” now. What about the others? 
He must’ve plenty of “honeys” out there. 
Vivian smiled bitterly as she shook her head in response to his question. 
The family of three took their seats as dinner was served. Larry reached out and helped Vivian to get her favorite dishes. 
Oh? Vivian was stunned. Little pumpkin knows what I like? 
Warmth flitted across her heart at her son’s actions.
As Finnick ate his dinner, he spotted the celery in Vivian’s bowl and took it away. 
Immediately, Larry scowled at him for taking away the celery he had just given to his mommy. 
“Your mommy doesn’t like celery,” explained Finnick. 
Confused, Larry looked up and met her gaze. 
Vivian nodded albeit reluctantly. She did hate celery, but that was in the past. 
As this dish rarely appeared in their household, it was normal for Larry to not know about this. 
Finnick glanced at her and shot her a warm grin. Vivian might be mad at Finnick, but she still found him handsome. 
Why am I still in love with him? 
She chucked the man’s figure out of her mind and continued eating her dinner. 
Finnick, who had been watching her all the while, felt amused by her reaction. 
He also lowered his gaze and resumed eating. 
Just like that, Vivian was imprisoned at home for three days. On the fourth day, she successfully made her escape. 
She wanted to see what Finnick was up to and whether he was with Lexi now. 
If he was alone, she would continue her observation for a few days. The moment she saw Finnick checking into a hotel with Lexi, she’d depart without hesitation.
###Chapter 917
Chapter 917 
Over the past few days, Vivian learned to embrace the truth, but she felt the need to verify it in person. 
Although it was all over the newspaper, she refused to believe it. As a journalist, she knew some editors might misrepresent the facts to attract the public’s attention. 
More often than not, they would edit the news in their favor. Thus, she decided to make a trip. 
After she made her way into the company, she placed her ears on the door of Finnick’s office to eavesdrop on the conversation. 
To her surprise, there wasn’t any ongoing conversation. She stepped forward because she thought something was wrong. 
Unsure if she had applied too much force or the door wasn’t properly shut— she accidentally fell into his office. 
“Argh…” Her mind was all over the place when she saw him. 
She was in pain because of the accident that had occurred a few seconds ago. 
On the other hand, Finnick wasn’t particularly surprised by her presence. He retrieved a first-aid kit from one of the shelves and started bandaging Vivian’s wound. 
As blood gushed out of the wound on her leg, he knew it was crucial to get it bandaged as soon as possible to prevent a scar. 
Finnick brought Vivian over to the couch and placed her leg on his lap, sanitizing her wound. 
She tried to move away from him because of the racking sensation she felt, but he stopped her.
After he rendered her incapable of motion, he lowered his head and continued bandaging her wound. Tears streamed down her cheeks when she saw the man’s side profile. 
Since he has chosen to turn his back against me and have an affair with another woman, why is he taking care of me in such a gentle manner? 
Her emotions came flooding out when she thought about it. 
As he saw the tears streaming down her leg, he noticed she had burst into tears. 
He put the things aside and wiped her tears dry before stuffing his finger into his mouth. 
His action had taken her by surprise because she couldn’t figure out the reason he wanted to taste her tears. 
Why is he being so gentle? 
Staring at the dumbfounded woman, he continued bandaging the wound. 
Once he had the wound completely bandaged, he allowed her to move her leg away from him. 
As tears were all over her face, he wiped them dry and asked, “Why are you crying?” 
Looking elsewhere to avoid the man’s gaze, she replied, “It’s nothing.” 
Actually, she couldn’t keep her emotions to herself anymore the moment he started bandaging her wound. 
Her mind was all over the place because of his action. 
Initially, Vivian planned to leave after verifying Finnick was in a relationship with Lexi.
However, her mind went completely blank because of the current condition. 
Should I leave or not? What’s going on between Finnick and Lexi? 
She had countless questions in mind, yet no one could possibly answer those. Afraid of being deceived, she refused to confront the man in front of her. 
“It’s about time for you to change that door of yours.” 
When Vivian felt the tingling sensation coming from the wound on her face, she regretted trying to eavesdrop on Finnick’s conversation. 
“It’s about time to recruit a few employees to substitute the current ones as well.” 
She recalled no one tried to get in her way when she traveled upstairs just now. Most importantly, no one seemed to notice her attempt of eavesdropping on the president’s conversation when she was right outside his office. 
She felt a strong urge to make fun of him and his incompetent staff, but before she could bring it up, she was rendered speechless by his reply. 
“If it weren’t because of me, do you think you’re able to make your way up without any hassle? Usually, no one is allowed to approach the office without my consent.” 
“W-What do you mean?” 
Does that mean it’s all part of his plan? Was he the reason I was able to regain dom? 
Judging by Vivian’s expression, Finnick knew she must have linked all the missing pieces of the puzzles together.
Hence, he nodded, acknowledging the hypothesis she had in mind. 
As Vivian had one remaining question, she asked, “How did you figure out I would be making a trip here?”
###Chapter 918
Chapter 918 
Had the thought of me heading over to another place never crossed his mind? How could he be so certain I would make a trip to his office? 
“Have you forgotten you are my wife?” Finnick answered with a faint smile. 
She was unsure of the proper way to carry on with the conversation because she was taken aback by his answer. 
Initially, she had given up on him and planned to leave him behind once and for all. However, a few minutes into their conversation, she started opening up to the man again. 
She was overwhelmed by a heartwarming sensation because she had always been a sucker for promises of sorts. 
On the other hand, in spite of being aware of Vivian’s emotions and helplessness, Finnick chose to remain silent. 
He wanted her to make up her mind and figure out her next best course of action on her own. 
She would have to decide if she would have faith in him or leave him once and for all. 
With that being said, having faith in him was her only option because he would never allow her to leave him. 
As she was conscious of his desire, she knew she had no choice but to trust him. Otherwise, she would be forced into submission. 
After three minutes of silence, Vivian said, “What’s going on between you and Lexi?”
“It’s you.” 
“What?” 
She was stupefied because of his reply. In fact, she thought he had misheard her question. However, when she saw his serious expression, she knew he meant it. 
“You’re the one Lexi and I have in our minds.” 
In spite of elaborating his words, he knew she was confused. 
Hence, he explained, “Lexi hates you, but I love you.” 
… 
Vivian was aimlessly walking on the streets. She had forgotten the way she made her way there. 
All she could recall was her departure after her conversation with Finnick. 
She was in a state of confusion after he assured her he had never turned his back against her. Therefore, she decided to have faith in him for one last time. 
Hold on! Is that Finnick and Lexi? 
Suddenly, she saw the duo on the streets and started rubbing her eyes in disbelief. 
He assured me he had never betrayed me a few minutes ago! Why is he behaving differently again? 
She wanted to confront the man, but then someone covered her mouth from behind. 
By the time she regained consciousness, she noticed there was a strong shaft of light in front of her. 
Where am I?
Clueless about her current whereabouts, she started surveying the surroundings. 
When she tried to move her hands to massage her aching head, she noticed her hands were tied together. 
Finally, she figured out she had been kidnapped. 
Nonetheless, she couldn’t be bothered by her situation at all because she was overwhelmed by Finnick’s behavior. 
Why has he lied to me? Has he gotten into an affair with Lexi because of me? Is it because I’m a pathetic loser? 
Over the past few days, she had been crying over and over again. But now, albeit being upset, she could no longer cry. 
When Vivian moved her hands and tried to run away, she heard a man’s voice. 
“Don’t you try anything silly!” 
The kidnapper wanted to caress her face, but she inched away from him and glared at him in the eyes. 
“Wow! I guess we have a fighter here, huh?” Staring at Vivian, he started teasing her and said, “Give your man a call and get him over to save you immediately!” 
Vivian found the kidnapper’s instruction hilarious because she thought Finnick should be having a great time with Lexi. 
In other words, she thought he wouldn’t have time to spare, let alone rescue her. Perhaps he wants me dead, doesn’t he?
Vivian chuckled when she thought about it, but the things the kidnapper said next took her by surprise. 
“He had been pretending as though he couldn’t be bothered by you because he was afraid of us! He must have thought we’re a bunch of fools! Since you’re the one he cares the most, as long as we get our hands on you, we’re able to torture him!”
###Chapter 919
Chapter 919 
Vivian finally figured out the reason behind Finnick’s seemingly absurd behaviors all this while. The bunch of kidnappers was the investors who had suffered a great loss after investing in Finnor Group. 
They were there to get their revenge. In order to get the better of Finnick, they kidnapped Vivian because they couldn’t get their hands on him. 
They were aware she was the one he cared about the most. Thus, they were certain they could get their revenge by kidnapping her. 
Ever since Finnor Group returned to its prime, those who sought revenge had been going after those affiliated with the company. In order to protect Vivian, Finnick had no choice but to resort to such desperate measures. 
When she figured out the rationale behind his actions, she stopped holding a grudge against him and felt heartbroken instead. 
She was upset he had been dealing with all these on his own, keeping her in the dark. 
The kidnapper couldn’t take it anymore. He urged, “Hey! Stop wasting our time and get in touch with him already!” 
However, Vivian refused to give in to their request. In spite of being slapped in the face, she stood her ground. 
The helpless kidnapper had no choice but to make the call on her behalf. He announced, “Finnick, your wife is here with us! If you want to keep her safe, make your way over on your own at once!”
The kidnapper proceeded to send Finnick the address of their whereabouts. They had no choice but to wait for Finnick. 
Meanwhile, Finnick, who was supposed to pretend he was in love with Lexi, ditched her when he heard the bad news. He made his way over to the designated location immediately. 
Vivian was in a tight spot—as much as she wanted him to be there for her, she was reluctant to put him at stake. 
She was afraid they would force him into submission the moment he showed up. 
After she surveyed the surroundings, she noticed there were at least twenty kidnappers there. If Finnick’s here, isn’t he doomed? 
Although she secretly hoped he wouldn’t be there, to her surprise, he showed up after fifteen minutes. 
Has he been speeding his way here? How did he manage to reach within such a short time? 
“Why don’t you name your price? As long as you set my wife , I’ll give you the things you desire!” 
Finnick’s heart skipped a beat when he saw Vivian after he reached the location. He was afraid they would harm her. 
Since he was the one they wanted, he was determined to negotiate the terms with them to set her . 
Nonetheless, the kidnappers showed no signs of setting Vivian because they thought they needed something to keep Finnick at the bay. 
All this while, he was conscious of the people keeping their eyes on him, but he couldn’t pinpoint the exact ones.
He had dispatched a lot of people to go after them, but his effort was to no avail. To his surprise, they chose to execute their plan out of the blue. 
The kidnapper was irked by his response. He looked at Finnick and said, “How dare you get so full of yourself when you’re the inferior one?” 
Finnick cut the small talk and confronted, “What do you guys want?” 
He was certain something they needed was under his possession. Otherwise, they wouldn’t go through the hassle of luring him out. 
“Hand over Finnor Group to us!” 
The kidnapper, who had named their price, refused to move away from Vivian. It turned out they had been plotting to acquire Finnick’s most valuable asset. 
“No!” Vivian yelled. 
As Finnick had sacrificed a lot to rebuild Finnor Group from scratch, she knew how heartbreaking it would be to have him hand it over to others. 
Finnick ignored Vivian and warned the kidnapper, “I’m afraid that’s impossible.” 
When they saw his determined look, they knew they wouldn’t be able to achieve their goal. 
They were conscious of the consequences of their actions should they make a fuss out of it and murder the defenseless woman. 
Thus, they decided to demand something else because they were merely there for their benefit. “If that’s the case, we want a million! On top of that, get on your knees and apologize!”
Those were the things the kidnappers needed to get rid of the grudge they held against him. They ended up with a huge loss, living a miserable life after investing everything they had in Finnor Group. 
Finnick was startled when he heard their conditions because he would have to either sacrifice his dignity or his authority for his beloved woman. 
“No! Finnick! Please!” 
When Vivian heard the condition of the kidnappers, she burst into tears because Finnick had always been a proud man. 
Never had he ever been in such an inferior position. Thus, she would never allow him to get down on his knees even if her life was at stake. 
“Shut up! Finnick, if you don’t make up your mind, I’m afraid your wife is going to die soon!”
###Chapter 920
Chapter 920 
The kidnapper had enough of the duo being lovey-dovey in front of them. He raised his gun and placed the muzzle right next to Vivian’s head. 
He beckoned Finnick to make up his mind. Otherwise, they would soon take Vivian out. 
Click. The helpless woman was merely a step away from hell. 
Finnick dared not try anything reckless because he couldn’t bear to put Vivian’s life at stake. 
It was a risk he couldn’t afford because he couldn’t imagine his life without her. 
Once he thought about it, his heart wrenched. In front of everyone, he got down on his knees. 
It was the first time he got down on his knees in front of others because apart from his grandfather, never had he groveled himself at others’ mercy. 
Finnick felt humiliated, but when he saw the gun by Vivian’s head, he took a deep breath and calmed himself down. 
He had nothing to lose by getting down on his knees. Instead, he could save Vivian’s life by casting his dignity aside. 
On the other hand, Vivian couldn’t hold back her tears anymore. Although she knew he had given in to the kidnapper’s request to save her, she felt awful because she had never seen the proud man at other’s mercy. 
Vivian blamed herself for being careless. Had she exercised caution, they wouldn’t get to take her by surprise and take her into custody.
When she rushed over to Finnick’s side to help him up, he pushed her away and kicked the proud kidnapper in the face before taking over the gun. 
Nonetheless, the duo was greatly outnumbered— at least another five of the kidnappers were armed with guns. 
Fortunately, Finnick, who was a martial art practitioner, took them by surprise before they could grasp the situation. 
Immediately after he took out those who were armed, he brought Vivian away with her and continued accelerating the car for twenty minutes. 
He pulled over at the street because the kidnappers seemed to have given up. 
When Vivian was confused by Finnick’s action, she turned around and noticed his arm was drenched in blood. 
It turned out he was gravely injured. Blood wouldn’t stop gushing out of his wound. 
She knew it was an emergency. Thus, she offered, “I’ll drive! Hang in there with me, Finnick!” 
Soon, she moved Finnick over to the front passenger seat and returned to the seat of the driver, making their way to the hospital. 
“It’s fine. I’m just glad you’re okay.” 
Those were Finnick’s final words before being rushed into the emergency room. 
After he was rushed into the emergency room, she was overwhelmed by the built-up fatigue and collapsed to the ground.
She was exhausted after the series of events she had gone through these days. Nonetheless, the person she cared about the most was the man in the emergency room. 
Although the helpless woman knew he was in good hands, she couldn’t help but feel anxious because there wasn’t anything else she could do apart from waiting. 
When she thought an eternity had passed, the doctor finally made his way out of the emergency room. 
Vivian rushed over and held the doctor’s hand, behaving as though she couldn’t afford to let the man’s lifesaver go. 
She asked anxiously, “Doctor, how’s Finnick?” 
Finnick had sustained serious injuries because of her. Therefore, she was afraid something bad might happen to him. 
“The patient has been shot in the arm, but it’s not a big deal. He’ll recover in no time after a few days’ break.” 
Although Finnick was merely shot in the arm, should they fail to rush him to the hospital in time, he might have to have his arm amputated. 
“Goodness gracious!” Vivian was grateful it was nothing serious. It seemed as though God hadn’t given up on the pathetic duo yet. 
As she started celebrating, the nurse brought the injured man out of the emergency room. 
Apart from following the nurse to the ward, the helpless woman couldn’t do anything else. When she saw his pale and haggard face, she felt a heart-wrenching sensation deep down.
###Chapter 921
Chapter 921 
After all, she should be blamed for his injuries—he had ended up as such as she refused to have faith in him. She regretted her decisions, yet there wasn’t much she could do to atone for her sins. 
As Vivian had her eyes glued to Finnick on the bed, the nurse knew she was the patient’s family member. 
The nurse said, “Please come along with me to settle the bill and collect the prescribed medication for the patient.” 
Vivian cast a confused gaze at the nurse, indicating she was reluctant to leave Finnick alone. The nurse was conscious of Vivian’s concerns. She announced, “It’s fine. He’s in good hands with the nurse that will be staying back to take care of him when you’re away with me.” 
As there were two nurses in the ward, one of them stayed behind to look after Finnick while Vivian headed over to the counter with the other nurse. 
After she settled the bill and retrieved the prescribed medication, she saw a close acquaintance. 
Noah! 
Initially, Vivian thought something bad had happened to Noah because she couldn’t figure out the reason he was there. However, she soon recalled his girlfriend was a nurse. 
“Mrs. Norton? Why are you in the hospital?” 
Similarly, Noah was uncertain if he had gotten the right person when he saw Vivian.
The moment he was certain he hadn’t been hallucinating, he had a bad feeling about it, but he kept his concerns to himself and queried the reason she was there. 
Looking in the direction of Finnick’s ward, Vivian explained, “Finnick is in the hospital because he has sustained a serious injury.” 
“Mrs. Norton, allow me to return to the ward to check on him with you.” 
Noah knew Vivian must be worried about Finnick. Thus, he decided to drop by Finnick’s ward with her. 
However, Vivian hesitated because she knew he was there for Ivana. She asked, “Don’t you have to keep Ivana company?” 
“It’s fine. Currently, she’s occupied with something else.” Actually, Ivana was the daughter of the director of the hospital. 
Although she was merely there because of her interest, unlike most of the wealthy heiress, she took her job seriously. Therefore, she was in the middle of her assigned tasks when Noah brought up the request. 
“Come along with me.” Vivian nodded and beckoned Noah to follow her. 
On their way back to the ward, they talked about all sorts of things, including Ivana’s characters. Vivian thought Ivana was the perfect match for Noah because she was exceptional in many aspects. 
Soon, they reached the entrance of the ward. After another glance at Noah, Vivian opened the door and made her way into the ward. 
Finnick, who was on the bed, had his eyes shut tight. Vivian’s heart skipped a beat before glancing at Noah next to him.
“Mr. Norton…” Noah gaped at the presence of a seemingly unconscious Finnick. 
Noah couldn’t accept the truth because he had never seen Finnick in such a pathetic state. 
“He was injured in an attempt to rescue me from the kidnappers.” 
Vivian continued sharing the moments in their lives after his departure with him. 
Although he had left them, she was conscious he had always been Finnick’s most loyal aide. 
Thus, she stopped holding back and told him everything because it wouldn’t be necessary to keep him in the dark. 
“They had come after you to get their revenge?” Noah couldn’t help but lament over the things that had occurred after his departure. 
He felt awful for not being there for them when they needed him the most, but it was too late. 
Vivian nodded and acknowledged the man’s speculation. The mastermind behind their misfortune was none other than Evelyn. 
“Mrs. Norton, I had gathered all sorts of information related to Evelyn over the past few days. I believe I’ll get to the bottom of it soon.” 
After pondering all sorts of things, Noah got increasingly confused. 
As he would feel bad if he couldn’t be of any help, he decided to go investigate the incident that had occurred in the past. 
After Vivian responded with a nod, Noah glanced at the seemingly unconscious Finnick. Since the patient showed no signs of waking up at all, he decided to excuse himself because it wouldn’t be
appropriate for him to stay around with Vivian. 
She was aware of his concerns. Hence, she smiled and showed him the way out of the ward.
###Chapter 922
Chapter 922 
After Vivian showed Noah the way out of the ward, she started wiping Finnick’s hand and face clean using the towel on the table. 
As a mysophobic, Finnick would be disgusted by his contaminated face and hand the moment he regained consciousness. 
Therefore, she spent some time wiping him clean. By the time she was done, it was already evening. 
She left a note on the table before heading downstairs to get herself something to eat because she was afraid Finnick would regain consciousness while she was away. 
To her dismay, he had yet to regain consciousness even after she returned. 
Noah and Ivana had dropped by countless times, yet they were greeted by an unconscious Finnick as well. 
In spite of having her doubts, Vivian stayed by Finnick’s side in anticipation of the man regaining consciousness. 
On several occasions, she couldn’t help but wonder if the doctor had lied to her about the man’s condition. Nonetheless, she had faith the injured man would soon regain consciousness. 
That particular thought kept her motivated for three months. 
Three months later, a man in a set of black formal wear instructed, “I want this document to be redone.” 
It was none other than Finnick who had been discharged from the hospital and returned to his position ever since three months ago. He decided to start all over again. In order to prevent being deceived
again, he was determined to conduct his due diligence before making a decision. 
Finnick deemed his previous failures valuable experiences because he finally learned the proper way to handle different people. 
Thus, he didn’t have to go through hell to reestablish a global presence. The company was also acknowledged as one of the top fifty global companies. 
After he was informed of the great news, he became increasingly motivated to carry on with his tasks. 
While Finnick continued working hard to improve the company’s situation, Vivian had been dealing with Evelyn behind the scenes. 
It turned out she had started gathering intel after Noah told her he had gotten his hands on something that could turn Evelyn’s life upside down. 
She thought it was about time the one who had ruined their life had a taste of their own medicine. 
As she had been hiding behind the scenes for such a long time, she could barely conceal her wrath anymore. 
To acquire the things she needed, she dropped by the nursing home in person. 
In spite of camping outside the nursing home for a long time, Evelyn was nowhere to be seen. 
When Vivian was completely drenched in sweat, instead of being escorted out, Evelyn walked out of the nursing home. 
Vivian was completely baffled because it turned out Noah had been telling her the truth all along. 
Although Evelyn’s legs had recovered after she returned from Thymion, she kept it a secret from others.
After Vivian found out the truth, she felt frustrated because Finnick had something to do with Evelyn’s injured legs. He did a great job keeping his emotions to himself, but she was certain he must have felt bad and blamed himself. 
Since Evelyn’s legs had long recovered, it wouldn’t be necessary for them to tolerate her absurd requests anymore. 
When Vivian acquired the information she needed the most, she departed and returned to Finnick’s company. 
The staff of the company was conscious of Vivian’s identity as the president’s wife. Thus, they treated her courteously in fear of offending her. 
After she reached Finnick’s office, she noticed he had hired another male assistant. Meanwhile, his initial assistant had been promoted to the department manager. 
In short, Finnick had gone to great lengths to ensure his staff was treated fairly. 
When the assistant saw Vivian closing in, he greeted her. She nodded in return before making his way into Finnick’s office. 
“I want every single one of them to be taken into custody.” 
She heard Finnick’s voice the moment she stepped into his office because he was in the middle of a call with another person. 
“Who are you talking about?” Vivian asked immediately after Finnick hung up the call. 
“It’s Mark.” He walked over and cradled her in his arms, placing his head on her shoulder.
“What’s wrong with Mark?” Why is he bringing Mark up out of the blue? Isn’t Mark supposed to be imprisoned? 
Vivian thought to herself. 
“Do you know the mastermind behind the shift of Finnor Group’s hierarchal structure back in the day? Do you think Evelyn was capable of executing the plan?”
###Chapter 923
Chapter 923 
Finnick gritted his teeth in irritation. He was determined to let Mark have a taste of his own medicine soon. 
I will return the favor to him and ensure justice is served soon! 
“Does that mean…” Vivian had her fair share of doubts, yet she dared not jump to the conclusion. 
She was stupefied when he nodded. 
Vivian looked at Finnick and asked, “What are you going to do next?” 
After all, Mark was Finnick’s relatives. It wouldn’t be wise for him to resort to brutality against him. 
Nonetheless, Finnick was determined to let Mark know the consequences of his actions. 
“I’ll lodge a police report to get to the bottom of the incident. He will either be sentenced to death or be thrown behind bars for the rest of his life.” 
Finnick knew he needed to retaliate against those who try to pick on him should he want to keep his loved ones safe. 
As he had learned his lessons after the incident back then, he was determined to prevent another similar misery from occurring. 
“Mmm… I guess that’s the best out of the worst possible options.” 
Vivian nodded and thought Finnick had made the right decision to plan ahead in order to prevent another unforeseen circumstance.
“Why are you here today?” As Finnick brought her over to the couch, he asked gently and was no longer the indifferent man. 
“I’m here to tell you something.” 
Since Finnick has made up his mind to deal with Mark after figuring out the truth, I wonder if he’s going to react the same when he figures out the truth about Evelyn? 
After much consideration, Vivian decided to share the truth with him. 
“Evelyn’s legs have long recovered after returning from Thymion.” 
When he heard the news, his eyes flickered, but she wasn’t conscious of the change in his expression because it merely lasted for a few seconds. 
“How did you figure this out?” 
As someone who had all sorts of connections at his disposal, Finnick was shocked when he heard the news from someone who spent most of her time at home. 
Vivian denoted, “Actually, Noah had told me when you were unconscious in the hospital. After I dropped by the nursing home, I saw with my own eyes Evelyn was able to walk just fine.” 
“Since you have figured out her whereabouts, why haven’t you lodged a police report?” Finnick asked. 
The police had launched a hunt for Evelyn due to the incident that had occurred back in the day. Once Vivian acquired the police officer’s help, Evelyn would have to bear the consequences of her actions. 
“I want to consult your opinion before making any rash decision.” 
Vivian was at the nursing home because she had but one goal in mind— she was there to verify if Evelyn’s leg had recovered.
After she figured out the truth, she returned to Finnick without thinking much. 
After much considerations, Vivian thought it would be better for Evelyn to be convicted as soon as possible. 
She suggested, “If that’s the case, let’s drop by the police station and lodge a report tomorrow. I want Evelyn to be taken into custody.” 
Otherwise, they might fall victim to her actions again. Perhaps they would have to deal with the aftermath all over again. 
“Okay.” 
Finnick nodded and agreed because he didn’t have anything else on his schedule. 
After they reached home, Larry catapulted in the direction of Vivian after he saw her. 
When Larry craned over and noticed Finnick was nowhere to be seen behind Vivian, he asked, “Mommy, you’re back! Where’s Daddy?” 
Larry started behaving differently as compared to three months ago— he had grown fond of Finnick. 
Actually, Larry was frustrated because of the desperate measures Finnick had taken to keep them safe. 
He once thought Finnick had mistreated Vivian for his own sake. 
Larry was conscious of the things Finnick had done for Vivian’s sake, but he wasn’t sure if he was in a position to meddle with their affair. 
After he dropped by the hospital and eavesdropped on the conversation between Finnick and Vivian, he figured out the truth behind everything.
In the end, he burst into tears and admitted his fault, begging for forgiveness. 
“Daddy, it turns out I have misunderstood you all along! I can’t believe you have been mistreating Mommy just to keep her safe!” All along, Larry was dejected because of his parents’ complicated relationship. 
He was glad to figure out those were nothing but an act and had grown fond of Finnick ever since they sorted out the misunderstanding.
###Chapter 924
Chapter 924 
Since Finnick hadn’t made his way back with Vivian, Larry started asking Finnick’s whereabouts again. 
“Daddy is in the middle of something. He’ll be back soon.” 
Actually, after departing from Finnick’s office, Vivian headed elsewhere for a walk before making her way back. 
She was unsure of the reason behind Finnick’s delayed return. 
Upon a simple glance at the time, she thought he must be trying to sort out the things on his schedule to prepare for their trip to the police station tomorrow. 
As Finnick was nowhere to be seen after she finished her meal with Larry, she called the man. 
“What’s wrong?” 
Finnick’s exhausted voice could be heard when he answered the phone. 
Vivian asked, “Why aren’t you home yet?” 
“I’m five minutes away from home.” 
She nodded and hung up the call after she heard his reply. 
Indeed, he showed up after a short while, but their son had fallen asleep by then. 
“What’s taking you so long?” Vivian looked at Finnick with her brows furrowed in confusion. 
He had never been home so late in the evening. Therefore, she couldn’t figure out the reason she was late.
“It was Mark. He was trying to invade the company again. I need to take him out as soon as possible to save me the trouble of dealing with him repetitively.” 
Finnick couldn’t stand Mark’s behavior anymore. The man refused to behave himself even when he was imprisoned. 
As Finnick was determined to teach Mark a lesson, he was late because it took him some time to devise the plan. 
“Mmm… It’s getting late. You should call it a day.” When Vivian heard him, she felt bad because he had to deal with so many things on his own. 
She found herself useless because she couldn’t be of much help. 
Perhaps Finnick was aware of Vivian’s emotions, he wrapped his arms around Vivian and assured her everything would be fine. 
In the end, she fell asleep in between his arms. 
By the time she woke in the morning, she saw the man preparing their breakfast. 
Usually, the duo would get up at the same time. However, Finnick woke up earlier than her and made breakfast for them. 
Isn’t he tired? 
She had her concerns, but she decided to stop overthinking things when she saw the man’s energetic look. 
As a fellow adult, Finnick knew his physical condition better than others. Thus, it would be wise for her to stop poking her nose into his business.
“Come over and join me for breakfast!” 
After he had the meal served, he looked at Vivian with his eyes full of expectation. 
It was the first time he tried cooking something of sorts. 
As he wasn’t sure if he had done a great job, he needed to figure it out through Vivian’s response. 
“Mmm! It’s so delicious!” 
After Vivian had a mouthful, she noticed it was better than the ordinary breakfast he made. Finnick’s culinary skills seemed to have improved once again. 
“Really? Can you promise me to finish everything?” 
Finnick pinched Vivian’s nose before returning to his seat to savor his meal. 
After she finished her meal, he instructed her to get herself ready because they were about to head out. 
“Shall we get going and check on Evelyn? If she’s around, we’ll head over to the police station and lodge a report immediately.” 
As an adult, Evelyn could wander off everywhere. Therefore, if she weren’t in the nursing home, the duo would be wasting the police officers’ time. 
“Let’s get going!” 
After Vivian had everything ready, she wrapped her arm around Finnick’s arm and made their way out. 
Since they would have a jam-packed day, she had a white shirt and a pair of jeans on.
Although it was a relatively simple set of outfits, Finnick was completely charmed because it couldn’t conceal her busty figure at all. 
“What is Evelyn doing there?” Vivian couldn’t figure out the reason Evelyn was in the nursing home when the latter held a grudge against Rachel. 
“It’s because she’s running out of money.” 
Finnick’s reply seemed to make sense, yet Vivian thought that wasn’t the case because Evelyn had always been a proud woman. 
In other words, she would never succumb to poverty and stay with her mother. 
Although Vivian was in a state of bewilderment, she decided to keep her queries to herself.
###Chapter 925
Chapter 925 
Looking out the window, Vivian was unsure of the reason she got increasingly anxious as they were on their way to the nursing home. 
She couldn’t foresee the things that would be in store for them soon. To be precise, she wondered if they could send Evelyn behind bars. 
In short, her mind was all over the place and she had a hard time keeping herself calm. 
As they were about to reach their destination, they headed over and parked the car in a nearby parking lot before alighting from the ride. 
Finnick had always been a detail-oriented man. Therefore, Vivian was conscious of the reason he had parked his car at a nearby parking lot. 
Should they park the car at the designated parking lots for the visitors of the nursing home, they might risk alarming their target. 
As they slowly approached the nursing home, they saw all sorts of people, yet Evelyn was nowhere to be seen. 
After camping for a short while, Evelyn showed up and walked out of the nursing home. 
When Vivian and Finnick saw Evelyn walking around, their hearts started racing for different reasons. 
It was the first time in forever Finnick had to scurry his way around as though he was a thief. 
Meanwhile, Vivian was overwhelmed by emotions because she could finally throw Evelyn behind bars for the things she did.
Unfortunately, as Vivian and Finnick were right next to the entrance, they ran out of place to hide. 
Consequently, Evelyn saw them because she was about to walk out of the entrance. 
Vivian placed her arms behind her back and glanced at Finnick before looking at Evelyn in the eyes in anticipation of the vicious woman’s response. 
Initially, Evelyn wasn’t aware Finnick and Vivian were right in front of her, but it only took her a few seconds to register their presence. 
“Finnick? Are you here for me? Have you changed your mind? Are you going to file for divorce with this b*tch and return to me?” 
Evelyn got pumped up when she saw the man she had been missing in front of her. When she rushed over to hold Finnick in the arms, he inched away. 
As a result, Evelyn staggered and fell to the ground. 
Vivian felt a strong urge to laugh, yet she resisted it. 
Evelyn caught Vivian suppressing her urge to laugh as she brought herself up. 
She narrowed her eyes to a slit and yelled hysterically, “Who do you think you are to laugh at me? Why would your man be here if you’re better than me?” 
Vivian responded with a frown because she thought something was wrong with Evelyn. 
Is it because it has been some time since our last encounter? What’s wrong with Evelyn’s personality? 
Why does she seem so much more open-minded? Is she overreacting because she has been missing Finnick?
Nonetheless, Vivian, who was equally irked by Evelyn’s presence, couldn’t be bothered by the reasons behind her odd behaviors. 
She scowled at Evelyn and sarcastically remarked, “I guess you have gotten better with your words after all this while, huh?” 
To her surprise, Evelyn ignored her and approached Finnick instead. She greeted him with her eyes brimming with tears, “Finnick, it has been such a long time! Do you miss me?” 
Evelyn’s eyes gleamed in anticipation of his reply. Finnick would definitely nod in return if he weren’t conscious of her true colors. 
However, he wasn’t the man he used to be. After figuring out her true colors, he would no longer be deceived by the seemingly innocent woman anymore. 
“No.” As he replied, he looked at her in the eyes and noticed a hint of brutality he failed to notice back in the day. 
“Why? It has been such a long time! I’m sure you miss me!” Evelyn shook her head when she heard his reply. She refused to accept the truth. 
Vivian sized Evelyn up and thought something must be wrong with the latter’s mind. 
She looked at the man next to her in the eyes and signaled him she had something in mind. 
Pretending as though she wasn’t aware Evelyn’s leg had long recovered, Vivian asked, “We’re here because we want you to tell us the truth! Oh! What about your legs? Since when you have recovered?” 
Evelyn gaped at Vivian’s question. She said, “My legs are able to recover no thanks to you! Otherwise, I wouldn’t be able to recover in such a short time!”
###Chapter 926
Chapter 926 
Evelyn was forced to travel abroad because of Vivian. If it weren’t because of the trip, she wouldn’t get to heal her legs either. 
Initially, she wanted to keep it a secret from everyone, but she decided to reveal it since she was busted in front of others. 
After Evelyn yelled at Vivian, she cast a gentle gaze at Finnick and announced, “See! Why don’t you return to me since my legs have recovered? I have been waiting for you all this while!” 
If he hadn’t been around during the confrontation a few minutes ago, he might be deceived by Evelyn’s seemingly flawless act again. 
Finnick was utterly disgusted by her superficial remarks. 
He rebuked, “You have been waiting for me? Is that the reason you have collaborated with Mark to turn my company upside down? Is that the reason you have ruined the life of my loved ones? How could you do these to me if you truly loved me?” 
Evelyn felt a heart-wrenching sensation when she heard Finnick’s reply. 
Once again, she yelled hysterically, “Do you guys think I love Finnick because of his fame and wealth? No! I’m going to prove everyone wrong because I love him and everything about him!” 
Vivian found Evelyn’s declaration of affection odd because it was the complete opposite of hers. 
She wouldn’t mind staying away from her loved ones if that would allow the other party to live a blissful life. All she needed was the other party’s happiness.
On the other hand, Evelyn was the complete opposite— she would resort to extreme countermeasures to keep the person she loved by her side. 
She couldn’t be bothered by the consequences of her actions at all even if it meant being thrown behind bars. 
As Evelyn had lost her mind, Vivian thought it wouldn’t be necessary to send her to prison. Instead, the lunatic needed medical attention from the psychiatrist. 
“I’m pretty sure she has lost her mind.” 
Finnick was rendered speechless by Evelyn’s words. He kept silent as the women engaged in another round of confrontation. 
“Ha! Me? A lunatic? Are you sure you’re not just jealous of me because you’re not as affectionate toward Finnick as I am? Vivian, I’m conscious of the petty schemes in your mind, but I’ll do you a favor and keep the secret to save you from being humiliated!” 
Evelyn’s statement made her seem as though she was flawless and superior to others. In actual fact, she had merely deprecated others to compliment her presence. 
As a result, Vivian decided to stop wasting her time with Evelyn and hand her over to the police to have them decide on her fate. 
Before the idea of sending Evelyn to the psychiatrist hospital crossed Vivian’s mind, she had long dropped the police officer a text. 
No one, including Finnick, was aware of the things she had done because her hands were behind her back all along. 
However, Finnick figured out the things she was up to the moment she looked at him in the eyes.
“Why don’t you follow us to the police station? It’s about time to put an end to the saga!” 
Evelyn took a step back and shook her head vigorously when she heard Finnick’s suggestion. 
“You can’t throw me behind bars, Finnick! I love you so much! Why are you sending me to the cops? No! I don’t want to go to jail!” 
Evelyn couldn’t take it anymore because the man she loved wholeheartedly suggested throwing her behind bars. Worst of all, he had another woman he deemed his wife by her side when he brought up the suggestion. 
“Hahaha! Do you really think you’re able to threaten me? Actually, I have planted bombs everywhere the day I saw Vivian dropping by the nursing home! If that’s the case, let’s all head to hell together!” 
Vivian, who was about to say something else, was taken aback by Evelyn’s hysterical laugh. 
Her heart skipped a beat when she heard there were bombs everywhere. 
If Evelyn was aware of my presence, why hadn’t she fled? Is she being hopeful, or is she trying to bring upon my demise? 
Vivian had a hard time figuring out the rationale behind Evelyn’s actions. 
In the end, she decided to pay no heed to them and suggested, “No! Let’s talk about it!” 
Finnick wasn’t afraid at all. He stepped forward and cradled the slightly anxious Vivian in his arms before the duo engaged in another conversation. 
“Hahaha! Are you afraid now? Why weren’t you intimidated when you said you would send me to jail?”
Once the police officers reached the scene, they would be saved. Therefore, she needed someone to stall the agitated woman for some time. 
Vivian wouldn’t mind leaving the rest to Finnick as long as his interaction with her could keep them safe. When Finnick caught a glimpse of Vivian’s expression, he knew the plan she had in mind. Thus, he said, “Evelyn, please calm down and listen to me.”
###Chapter 927
Chapter 927 
However, Evelyn didn’t calm down even after Finnick had finished speaking. In fact, she became all the more worked up. Her hand shot out, and she yanked a string that had been concealed very well in the ground. At the next moment, a bang sounded, and an explosion ripped through the air. 
The place was relatively quiet, so there probably wouldn’t be any traces of the three of them if it weren’t for the dust flying in the air. As Vivian and Finnick staggered up, they coughed violently as the dust particles in the air invaded their nostrils. 
Fortunately, they were both fine because there was a big hole behind them. When Evelyn pulled the string, Finnick had swiftly jumped into the hole while dragging Vivian along. 
While he sustained some injuries on his back, they were merely superficial. On the whole, he was fine. 
However, when they darted their gazes around in search of Evelyn, there was no sign of her. Evelyn had vanished without a trace again. Vivian shook her head regretfully as helplessness engulfed her. Argh! The plan was on the brink of success, but now, it’s all ruined! After the police arrived, they searched the vicinity for Evelyn but to no avail. 
Vivian and Finnick went back home after following the police to the police station again to have their statements taken. 
The first thing Vivian did when they got home was to go upstairs and get the first-aid kit. Although Finnick’s injuries were mere grazes, they had to be treated nonetheless. 
After all, the consequences would be inconceivable if the wound were to become infected. 
Lifting the back of his shirt lightly, Vivian was so distressed when she saw the dried blood on his back that she instinctively reached out to touch it.
But at the thought that it would hurt him, she took out the necessary items before she started washing and bandaging his wound. 
In no time, she finished doing all that. Subsequently, Finnick turned around and stared at her. 
“Did you sustain any injuries?” He couldn’t see any injuries at first glance, but he was still worried that she might have some hidden injuries beneath her clothes. 
If an injury isn’t discovered in time, it’ll leave a long-term sequela! 
“Hmm… none that I know of at this moment.” 
Vivian moved her limbs, but she didn’t feel any part of her hurting. 
At that, Finnick nodded. After ensuring that he wouldn’t lean back against the sofa, he reached out and hugged her. 
“Alright. Never mind if we didn’t manage to catch her this time. We’ll definitely succeed one day.” 
He knew that she was currently feeling a tad dejected, but apart from catching Evelyn personally, the only thing he could do was to comfort her. 
No matter what, I’ll definitely find her and bring her to justice! 
Then, he rested his head on hers and closed his eyes in contemplation. 
“Let’s get married, Vivian.” 
He reckoned that there wasn’t anything that could stand in their way now; Evelyn couldn’t possibly make trouble again in the near future, while Mark would be executed very soon. 
In that case, we can get married and live happily as husband and wife.
“What… did you just say? Get married?” 
Vivian gaped at him in astonishment. Weren’t we talking about Evelyn? Why did the subject shift so quickly, and we’re now speaking of marriage? 
As shock held her captive, she stared at him with wide eyes. 
“Yup. Will you marry me?” 
Finnick took out the ring that he had prepared a long time ago before going down on one knee, looking up at her. 
The utter sincerity in his eyes almost had tears escaping Vivian’s eyes, but she held them back. 
“Yes.” 
She nodded in agreement. As she gazed at the dazzling ring on her finger, euphoria bloomed within her. Although we didn’t catch Evelyn today, Finnick proposed to me! So today is still considered a happy day. 
Meanwhile, warmth suffused Finnick as he looked at her sweet smile. I’ve waited for a long time to marry her again, and now, my wish has finally come true! 
Early the next morning, Vivian spotted a note on the table, on which Finnick wrote that she was to phone him when she woke up. 
Chuckling, she then made the call. “Hello. Where are you?” 
“I’m at… the Civil Affairs Bureau.” Upon hearing this, a sense of familiarity niggled at her.
Back then, they met the second time at the Civil Affairs Bureau. Immediately after, they registered their marriage. So is he trying to say that… 
While she was still hazarding a guess, Finnick said, “Remember to bring the money you owe me and your identification document.”
###Chapter 928
Chapter 928 
Upon hearing Finnick’s words, Vivian instantly burst into laughter. 
He’s truly hilarious to combine the scene when we first registered our marriage with the present. 
After agreeing to his request, she promptly got out of bed and washed up. Today is the day we’re going to get married, so I’ve got to doll up! 
She put on her favorite purple dress before driving the car out of the garage. 
But at this very moment, Larry called out to her. 
“Mommy… where are you going?” the groggy boy asked in puzzlement when he saw her in such a hurry. 
“Your daddy and I are going to register our marriage at the Civil Affairs Bureau today, so you stay at home and be good, okay?” 
After saying that, Vivian stepped forward and patted his head. 
Without waiting for him to reply, she then dashed out because she knew that the housemaid at home would take care of him. Larry, on the other hand, jolted fully awake after she had patted him. By then, however, she was nowhere to be seen. 
Shaking his head in exasperation, he went back upstairs and plopped down on the bed to continue sleeping. 
It was thirty minutes later when Vivian arrived at the Civil Affairs Bureau. 
The moment she glimpsed the purple necktie around Finnick’s neck, her lips curved into a warm smile.
Likewise, Finnick smiled tenderly when he saw the purple dress she was wearing. 
He only wore a purple necktie because he knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that she would wear this purple dress. It looks like I got it right. 
“Good morning, Honey.” Finnick stepped forward and hugged her tightly. As he did so, his nostrils were filled with her fresh and sweet fragrance. 
A sudden burst of joy flooded him for some inexplicable reason. 
Could it be because I’ve got a beauty right here in my arms? 
“Alright, let’s go in.” Vivian pushed him away when he showed no sign of letting her go. Then, she took his arm and starting heading into the building. 
“Are you that impatient?” 
After Finnick teased her for a bit, they had their pictures taken. 
Having gone through a round of formal procedures, the two of them held a marriage certificate in their hands respectively. 
As they looked at the marriage certificate in the other’s hand, their faces glowed with happiness. After so many years, our wish has finally come true, and we’re now married. 
Getting married was something that could be done in the blink of an eye, but putting in the effort to ensure that the marriage certificate never became a piece of trash was a matter of a lifetime. 
The two of them stared into each other’s eyes, believing that both of them would love each other and be together until death did them part.
Finnick took a step toward Vivian. Then, he pressed his lips against her petite ones and kissed her passionately. 
This was something he had waited for an eternity. 
Previously, they couldn’t get married due to various reasons, but now, they had overcome everything and returned to the spot where they had their second encounter, reliving the moment once again. 
As passion blazed between them, Vivian pushed Finnick away as a slightly mocking smile played on her lips. 
“Earlier, you razzed me for being impatient, but aren’t you all the more impatient right now?” 
Upon hearing this, Finnick hugged her around the waist and whispered something in her ear that had her face flaming bright red instantly, “Indeed, I’m impatient. I can’t wait to have you.” 
When they both returned home, Larry could tell that they were in exceedingly high spirits from the expressions on their faces. 
He trudged forward and stretched out a hand at Vivian. Taken aback, Vivian looked at Finnick with puzzlement. 
“Since you’re married, you’ve got to give me a small token, no?” 
Eyeing his silly parents with a contemptuous expression, Larry continued holding his hand out. 
“Nope!” 
Vivian slapped his hand lightly. Then, she changed her shoes and plopped down onto the sofa.
“Mommy, you can’t pick on me like this.” Larry’s aggrieved expression had the entire family’s laughter echoing in the living room. 
Since they had gotten married, the normal flow of things would be a wedding next. Thus, Finnick was occupied every day, making arrangements for the wedding. 
During this period, Mark’s sentence had been decided. After the judiciary’s ruling, he was convicted for his recent crime, so it was added to his list of crimes. And so, the final verdict was execution. 
When Finnick learned of the sentence, he nodded calmly. He had expected this, for Mark had committed a litany of evil deeds. Hence, he would be punished for his crimes without Finnick having to mete out justice.
###Chapter 929
Chapter 929 
Since Finnick had his hands full with the wedding, he merely gave it a cursory glance without saying anything else. Everything was now ready, and the only thing left was to wait for Vivian to choose a suitable wedding plan. 
The wedding plans were designed by professionals, so they were of top-notch quality. 
Vivian chose a plan that was relatively traditional yet very much romantic. Coincidentally, Finnick favored this plan as well, so they decided on that. 
“What? We’re having the wedding in a week?” Vivian was entirely stunned when she learned about this decision of Finnick’s. 
Who on earth holds a wedding right after getting married? As Finnick looked at Vivian who was in a daze, he chuckled and pinched her cheek. “It’s fine. There’s quite a lot of time to get everything done,” he reassured. 
Upon hearing that, Vivian couldn’t help rolling her eyes. In the remaining one week, she chose her wedding gown, got her wedding photos taken, chose a photographer, and did everything else that had to be done. 
All that kept Vivian on the trot. 
It was only on the night before the wedding that she felt more relaxed. 
But when she remembered that the wedding was tomorrow, nerves swamped her again. 
All at once, she panicked. After all, this was her first time being a bride, and the same went for Finnick as a groom. While they had been together for a very long time, a wedding was a solemn affair.
No one knew about the anxiety that had taken Vivian captive, not even Finnick, who was languidly reading a book. 
Hmm? Why is he so relaxed? This is his first time getting married as well, and yet he isn’t nervous at all? 
She posed this question to him, but he answered that he had the entire flow of the wedding in his control. After hearing this, her anxiousness receded. 
At the end of the day, I know the entire flow and have even rehearsed with him. So why should I still be nervous? 
At the thought of this, Vivian closed her eyes and dozed off. 
For the first time in her life, she fell asleep in self-consolation, amusing Finnick greatly. 
“Honey, it’s time to wake up.” 
Ugh! How noisy! 
“Honey, today is an important day.” 
While deep in sleep, Vivian vaguely heard someone calling out to her time and again beside her ear. In an instant, irritation inundated her. 
“Honey.” 
The voice sounded increasingly nearer, seemingly whispering right into her ear. 
“Honey, we’re having our wedding today.” 
The moment Vivian heard this, she immediately bolted upright in bed. Oh yes, it’s our wedding today!
As realization struck, she swiftly jumped out of bed and frantically looked for her clothes in the room. 
This scene had Finnick feeling utterly exasperated. 
“Are you trying your hand at streaking, Honey?” 
Hearing this, Vivian instinctively glanced at her body, only to see that she only had her panties on. 
Immediately, she was so mortified that she didn’t even know what to say, merely staring as Finnick walked up to her with a bra. 
“Here. You’re welcome, Honey.” 
After saying that, Finnick went into the bathroom and started washing up. 
Meanwhile, Vivian was left alone in the room with her chaotic thoughts. 
Snapping back to her senses after a while, she rushed forward and burrowed under the covers at the realization that she had done something so foolish. Gah! I’m so mortified! 
Unexpectedly, when Finnick was done washing up, he found her asleep again. Exasperated, he stepped forward and grabbed the edge of her clothes. After waking her up, he dragged her into the bathroom to wash up. 
Despite his seemingly rough ways, he was actually very gentle throughout it all. He loved her, after all, so he took the utmost care not to hurt her in any way. 
Thankfully, despite the hilarious episode early in the morning, there were no major snags. Very quickly, Vivian was dressed in the wedding gown with her makeup done. When she saw Finnick standing together with Larry, she found them an incredibly adorable sight.
After they had gotten ready, they left the house. Upon arriving at the church, the pews were already filled with guests. 
The two of them then took their places at the altar, one after another. In the end, a beautiful and unforgettable wedding finally concluded without a hitch. 
When the words “let’s celebrate the newly-married couple” fell, Vivian felt the weight that had been on her shoulders lifted at once. 
After the wedding ceremony, Finnick dragged Vivian into the room to rest, with Larry trailing behind them. 
Meanwhile, the guests outside ate and chatted. Some of them even started dancing.
###Chapter 930
Chapter 930 
They invited a lot of guests today, and all their friends, as well as acquaintances, stood witness to the wedding. 
When the magazine company’s employees learned of Vivian’s true identity, they were all dumbfounded. Dang it! If we’d known that she’s the president’s wife, we definitely would’ve ingratiated ourselves with her! 
Vivian, Finnick, and Larry were all resting in the room, while the guests partied outside. On the whole, the wedding was perfect without a single flaw. 
At night, when everyone took their leave, Vivian made a shocking discovery. 
Oh my God! Ben is with Paris, and he even intends to drive her home? 
After noticing this, she fell into a trance. Never had I thought that love would finally bloom for this aloof man! 
“What are you so happy about?” Finnick inquired. 
He walked over to her upon seeing her smiling so exuberantly while staring into the distance. 
Tonight is our wedding night, and people say that every second is priceless. Why is my wife wearing a silly smile here? 
“My brother and Paris.” After answering him briefly, the three of them went home. 
When they arrived home, Vivian tucked Larry in. Since it was a hectic day, Larry was indeed exhausted, so he fell asleep in no time.
After he had dozed off, Vivian went back to her own room. However, the moment she stepped into the pitch-black room, she was pinned by a dark figure. At the next moment, she felt a tingling sensation on her neck, clueing her in that it was Finnick. 
As time ticked by, Finnick grew bolder and even moved his mouth to her breasts. Feeling restless, Vivian wanted to push him away, but that only made him take things further. He yanked off Vivian’s clothes and started making out with her fervently. It’s been eight years, and we’re finally married! The agonizing wait has come to fruition. At long last, we’re now husband and wife! 
Finnick was in seventh heaven, and Vivian was over the moon as well. She then started moving to his rhythm. 
The entire night was spent in a bout of passion. It was only at the crack of dawn did they flop onto the bed and fall into slumber. 
As they were newly wedded, bliss engulfed both Vivian and Finnick when they woke up the next day. 
So this is what true happiness feels like! 
“Good morning, my beloved wife.” 
Now, Finnick could justifiably call Vivian his wife since they were married. 
“Good morning, Hubby,” Vivian greeted sweetly, making Finnick feel as though he was on top of the world. In the past, she had been calling him by name, but now that they were married, she addressed him as “Hubby” instead. 
Knock, knock, knock. Just then, three knocks sounded on the door. Finnick got out of bed and opened the door, only to be greeted by Larry. 
“Little pumpkin?” Surprised inundated Vivian. Why would he come over at this time?
It turned out that Larry came to wish them a happy marriage. Paris taught him this, and he put it to practice today. 
When Vivian and Finnick heard this, they both wore bright smiles on their faces. 
Little pumpkin is such a good kid. He even thought of coming here to wish us good morning the day right after our wedding. 
“Good morning, little pumpkin.” After Vivian responded to him, Larry closed the door and left. As Finnick stood by the door, amusement tugged at him when he glimpsed Larry’s expression. When did my son become so impish? 
“Alright, let’s get out of bed.” After all, Vivian had to go to work today. 
Although newly-wedded couples went on a honeymoon after getting married, it didn’t apply to people like Vivian and Finnick, who had been together for many years. 
At this point in time, work took precedence for them. 
When Vivian arrived at the office, everyone looked at her strangely. Even after she had sat down at her desk, their gazes were still fixed on her. 
Only Paris treated her in the usual manner because she had long since known about her identity. 
“Hey, Paris!” Vivian abruptly recalled the observation she made yesterday, so she wanted to ask her what was actually going on between her and Benedict. 
“Good morning, Vivian,” Paris greeted with a smile as she glanced at her. 
“Have you gotten together with my brother?” Vivian cut right to the chase.
“Huh? Benedict merely drove me home.” 
A trace of surprise manifested on Paris’ face when Vivian asked about Benedict, but it was then quickly replaced by bashfulness.
###Chapter 931
Chapter 931 
Upon seeing such an expression on Paris’ face, Vivian instinctively knew that something must have happened. 
“Tell me the truth, and I’ll let you off. But if you don’t confess, you’re going to get it from me,” Vivian threatened while pointing the tip of a pen, which she had snagged from the table, at Paris. 
“Hey, hey, calm down. I’ll talk, I’ll talk.” 
Paris was rather unnerved when she saw Vivian’s stance. Thus, she could only relent and tell her the entire story. 
When Paris and Benedict met at the wedding banquet last night, they merely exchanged a few words without anything special happening then. 
It was only when the wedding banquet drew to an end that Benedict offered to drive Paris home. Paris had feelings for Benedict, so she accepted the offer. 
Hence, the two of them got into the car together. 
“Is this your house?” Benedict was a tad uncertain when he saw the dilapidated state of Paris’ house. 
His gentlemanly nature didn’t allow him to utter such a question, but in the end, he still blurted it out of concern. Surprisingly, Paris didn’t appear to feel inferior at all. Instead, she even nodded in gratification. Upon seeing this, Benedict commended her inwardly. She’s quite an admirable girl; cheerful, sensible, and humble. 
“Wow! That’s great!”
Vivian patted Paris’ arm in delight after listening to her narration of the events. She makes a good match with Ben. While Ben isn’t a homebody, she is. And he spends lavishly, yet she is the exact opposite. There are many aspects in which they complement each other, but also plenty in which they’re alike. In this case, it’ll be perfect for them to get together! 
As she mused, her mind automatically supplied her with images of Paris and Benedict living together after the two of them had gotten married. 
Ah, just the thought of it feels sweet and romantic! 
“Paris, let me ask you a serious question. Do you like Benedict?” 
If she does, I’ll ask Ben what he thinks about her. I don’t mind being the matchmaker if they like each other. Well, I just hope they don’t forget me when they tie the knot. 
It was the first time Paris had ever seen Vivian asking her something so seriously, and she unwittingly turned solemn as well. 
“Yes.” 
That single word was coupled with a sincere gaze, proving that Paris was indeed speaking the truth. Moreover, Paris was a great person, so Charlotte didn’t want to see Ben missing out on her. 
“Haha, that’s great, then! Don’t worry. I’ll help you.” 
Vivian never expected her brother to be capable of attracting such a wonderful girl. For the first time, she felt that he wasn’t completely hopeless when it came to relationships. 
“How are you going to help me, Vivian?” A bolt of panic assailed Paris the moment she heard that. 
What is she planning to do? How does she want to help me?
All those questions lingered in her mind, and she simply felt restless without voicing them out. 
“Of course I’m going to pair the two of you off!” Vivian threw Paris a look. Then, she started on her work. 
Although she arrived early today, she had chatted for a while, so it was already fifteen minutes past the time she should have started work. 
While no one would dare utter a single word since she was the president’s wife, it was still better not to invite criticism. 
Seeing that Vivian wasn’t planning to continue speaking about her plan, she shook her head and buried herself in work. 
The morning went past in the blink of an eye. Vivian then texted Benedict and invited him to lunch. 
She actually wanted to bring Paris along, but she didn’t know how Benedict felt about her, so she decided to ask him about it before planning her next move. 
She texted: Let’s have lunch together, Ben. I sent you the location. 
Just a few moments after she had sent it out, Benedict promptly replied with a single word: Okay. 
Vivian then packed her things and headed to the agreed-upon restaurant. 
Before she left, she even bid Paris farewell. This had a feeling of dread welling within Paris. 
However, she reckoned she was overthinking, so she didn’t say anything, merely waving at Vivian with a smile.
The restaurant at which Vivian made a reservation was right below her office. After all, it was convenient for her since she didn’t have to drive there and rush back later. 
Exasperated flooded Benedict upon seeing the choice of venue, but she was his sister at the end of the day, so he had no choice but to indulge her.
###Chapter 932
Chapter 932 
When Vivian went down, Benedict had already arrived. Knowing that she was about to be lectured again, she rolled her eyes before heading in Benedict’s direction. 
As expected, Benedict started criticizing her. And once he began his tirade, it took a long time before he finally stopped. 
Although he was an aloof president at the office, he became a nag when he was with someone close to him. Vivian, in particular, had experienced this side of him time and again. 
“Look at your attitude. We’re meeting right below your office, yet you still kept me waiting. And look, you even chose a restaurant in your office building to have lunch with me. Is there no other restaurant in this city? Also, why are you already asking me out to grouse when you only got married yesterday?” 
And it went on and on. 
At long last, Vivian placed her hand over her mouth and coughed lightly to put a stop to his lecture. 
“What’s wrong? Do you have a sore throat?” 
Benedict stopped short when he heard her coughing. He wanted to beckon a server over, but Vivian cut him off, griping, “Argh! Ben, I get a headache every time I meet you.” 
Vivian was familiar with her brother’s temperament, so she dared to speak so impudently. After all, she knew that he wouldn’t be offended. 
“Fine, fine. I’ll stop nagging you. Well? Why did you ask me out?” 
Benedict looked at her affectionately as he sat there and awaited her answer.
However, Vivian ordered some food and had him doing the same before she started speaking. 
“I’ve got a question for you, Ben. You must answer me seriously, okay?” 
She was afraid that he would reply in a joking manner, so she made it clear that it was a serious question in advance. 
“Okay.” Benedict became serious as well. 
“Do you like Paris?” Vivian stared him right in the eye while waiting for his answer. 
“Paris Houston?” Benedict was a tad stupefied. Why is she bringing up Paris Houston? 
Vivian nodded as she continued staring at him. 
“How should I put this? I can’t say I have a crush on her, but I think she’s really a nice girl. If possible, we could try going out on a date.” 
In truth, Benedict had always been waiting for someone like Paris. 
While his wait had finally borne fruit, they had only met twice, so it was neither here nor there. Thus, he would only be able to give a definite answer when they had both interacted for some time. 
He wasn’t the kind of person who would easily give a promise when it came to relationships, so he could only say that he wasn’t averse to taking the relationship further. 
Nonetheless, Vivian was ecstatic upon hearing his answer. She had thought that he would say no, but to her surprise, he had actually admitted that he wouldn’t mind dating her, so things were looking very promising. 
After obtaining this answer, Vivian was in an exceedingly good mood throughout the entire meal.
It’s good that I can play matchmaker for my own brother! 
“What happened? Why did you suddenly ask this?” Benedict questioned after they had finished lunch. 
After all, both Vivian and Benedict were the kind of people who adhered to the rule of “no talking while eating.” 
To them, it was basic manners to keep quiet while eating. 
“Because Paris likes you. So, I’m planning to play matchmaker!” Vivian replied truthfully because she knew that her brother would be able to tell even if she hadn’t said anything considering his intelligence and shrewdness. 
“I see. So this is why you asked me out today, huh?” 
As soon as Benedict heard her answer, he instantly knew her main intention of meeting with him today. 
“Hehe, I’ll be leaving first, Ben.” Glancing at the watch on her wrist, Vivian saw that it was almost time to get back to work. 
Hence, she had to hurry back to the office now. 
“Slow down,” Benedict urged, reminding her to be careful upon seeing her sprinting away. 
It’ll be bad if she falls down. 
“Okay!” Vivian hollered. In the next moment, she had already vanished from his sight. 
Just when Benedict was planning to leave, he realized that no one had footed the bill yet.
Only then did he realize that Vivian had a twofold reason for asking him out today—to ask him that question earlier and to get a meal out of him. 
Ultimately, such a little scheme was a piece of cake for him to discern. 
After paying, he left the restaurant.
###Chapter 933
Chapter 933 
When Vivian arrived back at the office, she plopped onto her chair and stared at Paris, who was still working. She said nothing as she contemplated how she should pair them off. 
Sensing her gaze, Paris lifted her head, only to see that Vivian was staring at her intently as though trying to see through her. 
“What are you doing, Vivian?” Paris called her out in a tactful remonstration, signaling her not to stare at her in such a manner. 
“Nothing. I had lunch with my brother today.” 
Puzzlement swamped Vivian when she didn’t notice any reaction from Paris after having said that. 
Shouldn’t she be jealous if she really likes him? Why is she so calm and unruffled? 
She then blurted out those questions, but unexpectedly, Paris simply countered by saying, “Why should I be jealous when you’re his sister?” 
Hearing this, Vivian was left with no retort. After pondering for a moment, she asked, “Aren’t you curious about what my brother and I talked about? 
“That’s your private life.” 
Fine, then. You win! 
A sense of exasperation welled up within her at Paris’ response. It’s tough to talk to a naive person. 
She scratched her head, still trying to figure out how to pair Benedict and Paris off.
Shortly after, an excellent idea occurred to her. 
However, she felt that the idea had a flaw, so she tried coming up with another idea. 
Throughout the entire afternoon, Vivian’s mind whirred like lightning as she racked her brains for a solution. 
Nevertheless, she simply couldn’t think of any good ideas. 
It was only when she went home at night and told Finnick about this matter did he give her a marvelous idea. 
“We haven’t gone on a honeymoon yet, no? Although we’ve been together for a long time, a honeymoon is still imperative. We can leave little pumpkin with Ben, and Paris is his tutor, so…” 
Finnick didn’t explain the entirety of his suggestion, trailing off halfway. Despite that, Vivian already understood most of what followed, and she couldn’t help lauding his idea. 
We can go out and have fun without worrying, and at the same time, help to pair a couple off! There’s nothing better than this! Beaming in delight, she then leaned forward and planted a kiss on him. 
When it comes to scheming and plotting, I willingly concede defeat to him. 
However, since the plan was to leave Larry with Benedict, Larry’s agreement was indispensable. 
Thus, Vivian went to his room and knocked on the door. They both came home rather early today, so Larry hadn’t gone to bed yet. 
After entering the room, Vivian told him about this matter. Larry was glad that they would be able to enjoy their honeymoon, so he agreed.
“Okay. Go and have fun with Daddy, Mommy! I’ll be good at Uncle Benedict’s house and wait for you two to pick me up.” 
Upon hearing this, Vivian stepped forward and hugged him. 
“Good night.” 
After bidding him good night, Vivian turned off the lights in his room so that he could have a restful sleep. 
Thereafter, she discussed the details with Finnick for a bit before they both went to bed. 
Early the next morning, Finnick told the company’s executive management about his getaway and left them some instructions. Then, he took off. 
Likewise, Vivian gave the senior editor a call to inform her about the matter. 
Subsequently, she phoned Benedict, but there was an unexpected snag. 
“What’s the matter, Vivian?” Benedict was swamped with work, so it was truly rare that he could spare the time to take her call. 
“Are you at home? I’ll go over with Finnick now,” Vivian blurted the moment she heard his voice after casting Finnick a glance. 
“Nope. I’m at the office.” 
“Never mind, then. I’ll send Larry over to your place this afternoon. We’re going on a vacation, so help us take care of him for a few days, okay?”
Benedict knew that Vivian must be looking to ask him for a favor as soon as he heard her sounding all sweet. Now that she came clean about her intention, realization instantly dawned upon him. 
Hah! It turns out that she called me just to ask for my help in taking care of Larry. At this, Benedict nodded in assent. They’re now finally together after experiencing so many tribulations, so it makes sense to take a break and let their hair down.
###Chapter 934
Chapter 934 
Furthermore, a vacation will also help to strengthen their relationship and bring them closer. 
Having obtained Benedict’s assent, Vivian confirmed it time and again with him before the matter was decided. The plan was basically in place right now. The only thing left was to have Paris take Larry over to Benedict’s house in the afternoon. 
Of course, they had to keep Paris in the dark about the location being Benedict’s house. 
After lunch, Vivian gave Larry some last-minute instructions. Then, she packed her luggage with Finnick as they planned to leave that very night. 
Actually, she was afraid that her brother would come looking for her after learning of her ulterior motive. 
I should leave as soon as possible. By doing so, I won’t be in the city anymore when he realizes what I’ve done. 
As she thought about this plan of hers, she giggled happily before turning to look at Finnick. 
“Where are we going?” 
Ironically, they had come up with an extensive plan for other people but hadn’t planned their own vacation at the end of the day. 
“Where do you want to go?” Finnick had always gone along with Vivian, so he didn’t mind going wherever she wanted to go. 
“Hmm… How about this? We’ll take the train and think of a figure each. Then, we subtract the two figures and take the exact number of stops according to the answer.”
Vivian abhorred making choices since she had slight decidophobia. 
This is the best way to decide on the destination. Besides, it will help to spice things up too. 
“Sure.” Finnick nodded with a smile. 
As he stared into Vivian’s bright eyes, utter bliss flooded him. With that, they started playing that game. 
After thinking of a figure, they both blurted it out. 
In the end, the answer turned out to be five. 
And so, they planned to take the train for five stops and disembark from wherever they ended up. 
After making the decision, they waited for Paris to come and pick Larry up. 
Meanwhile, Paris rushed over after getting off work. 
“Vivian? Mr. Norton? What’s going on here?” Shock gripped Paris when she saw the luggage on the floor. 
What on earth are they doing? 
She didn’t see Vivian at work today, so she came over to inquire about it, but such was the picture that greeted her instead. 
“We’re going on a vacation, so please take Larry to my friend’s house. You can tutor him there.” 
Vivian noticed that Paris was wearing a floral dress today, and she radiated a sense of innocence with every step she took. 
“Huh? Oh, okay.”
Paris was at a total loss in the beginning, but she later got the gist of it. So what I’ve got to do now is to bring Larry to Vivian’s friend’s house and tutor him there. 
“Come back earlier, Mommy and Daddy. I’ll miss you.” Reluctance was etched on Larry’s face as he gazed at Vivian and Finnick while holding Paris’ hand. 
Despite his high intelligence, his emotional needs were still that of a child’s. For that reason, it wasn’t surprising that he was now feeling reluctant to part with them both. 
“Okay. We’ll come back quickly so that we get to see you, little pumpkin!” Finnick promised though he seldom comforted him like this. 
This time, he was truly feeling a smidge reluctant to part with his son. 
“Okay!” Larry nodded. After Paris had bid Finnick and Vivian farewell, the two of them took a cab to the train station. 
It was already half-past five in the afternoon, but there was still a crowd at the train station. 
Finnick was initially planning to take a flight this time, but since Vivian wanted to take the train, he obliged her. 
To him, the mode of transport made no difference as long as she was happy, for that was more important than anything else. 
“Finnick, do you think my brother will be angry and bombard me with phone calls?” Vivian felt a bit uneasy as she stared at the cell phone in her hand. 
Although he’s always been very indulgent with me, I can’t say for sure when I’ve made such an arbitrary decision this time.
“I don’t know. Is your brother that kind of person?” Finnick’s relationship with Benedict was limited to a handful of exchanges, so he didn’t quite understand him yet. 
“Hmm… Then, I’ll just blacklist his number first and explain things to him when we come back.” Vivian came up with this solution after racking her brains for a while. 
This was indeed a splendid idea, but unbeknownst to her, Benedict did not call her at all while they were away.
###Chapter 935
Chapter 935 
Paris led Larry into the car, but she then noticed that he merely sat obediently without saying a single word. 
He’s very similar to Finnick Norton, both taciturn and somber yet very much capable. 
“Which friend’s house are we going to, Larry?” 
She actually wanted to ask Vivian this question earlier, but she decided against it since Finnick was right beside her. 
Driven by her curiosity, she opted to ask Larry. 
“No idea.” 
Larry knew that telling lies was bad, but he had no other choice. 
After all, Vivian’s whisper in his ear just now was still echoing in his mind. Don’t tell Ms. Houston that it’s your Uncle Benedict’s house. 
He really wanted to tell her that they were going to Benedict’s house, but it was out of his hands since he couldn’t go against his mother. 
“Never mind, then. Rest for a while first, Larry. It’s still early.” Paris then glanced at the address in her hand. 
It seems that the person must be rich to be living in such an area. As negative thoughts popped into her mind, she wondered if the person would despise her.
Meanwhile, the train Vivian and Finnick were on had already passed four stations, so they would be disembarking from the next station. 
Vivian was rather excited since she had no idea where the train would lead them to. 
The destination didn’t seem to be indicated on the train, and it was also her first time taking the train, so she wasn’t familiar with it. 
Finnick was all the more clueless. 
“What do you hope the next place will be, Finnick?” Vivian inquired as she looked up at Finnick, who was calm and unruffled, with anticipation written all over her face. 
At this, Finnick pecked her on the lips lightly and murmured lovingly, “Whatever you wish for.” 
Upon hearing this, Vivian felt as though she had melted into a puddle. 
“Alright, let’s alight.” 
As she stared at the desolate scenery outside, dread rose within her. When she noticed that she and Finnick were the only ones who disembarked at this stop, her puzzlement deepened. 
Why didn’t anyone else alight here? Don’t tell me there’s something bad here? 
She then looked around before realizing that she had been here in the past. 
Subsequently, they decided to ask for recommendations when they bumped into someone. However, there were now two paths before them, and they had to decide which path to take. 
After Finnick asked Vivian to make a decision based on her intuition, they continue forging ahead.
Along the way, there were several other forks on the road, and they were all decided by Vivian based on her intuition. 
But as they walked on, they unexpectedly found a place that resembled a utopia. Vivian gasped in amazement as she stared at the landscape ahead in a trance. 
The front of it was all adorned with carved jade without a hint of modernity to be seen. 
Meanwhile, the people outside were walking along the streets with lanterns in their hands, and wooden items could be seen everywhere. 
Vivian then went over to an amicable-looking middle-aged woman and inquired about the place, only to be told that it was a relatively renowned tourist destination. 
Hearing this, relief suffused her. 
Nonetheless, there was something special about this place. Generally speaking, people couldn’t find the place without a guide to lead the way. 
Thus, tourists usually came during the holidays. And this explained why those passengers earlier didn’t alight from the train. 
The only reason Vivian and Finnick were able to get here was all thanks to the former’s intuition. 
Sometimes, a woman’s intuition was actually pretty accurate. 
At this precise moment, Finnick threw Vivian a look of admiration, and she responded in turn with a wink. 
After thanking the middle-aged woman, Vivian and Finnick looked for a place to stay.
They had been on the train for an entire night, and it was now noon, so both of them were hungry. 
“Hello. May I know if this is an inn?” 
Vivian could only see the two gigantic words above the building that read: Euphoric Redolence. 
However, she wasn’t sure whether it was a place that provided lodging. 
“Hello, lass. This is indeed an inn,” the innkeeper answered smilingly as she looked at Vivian and Finnick. 
Even the manner in which she spoke was a complete reversion to the olden days. 
Upon hearing that, Vivian flashed her a smile and inquired, “This wee lassie has been braving the elements out here, so could I be so bold as to intrude on you for a few days?” 
As she spoke in a medieval manner, Finnick looked on at the side with a smile tugging at his lips.
###Chapter 936
Chapter 936 
When Finnick heard the words “wee lassie,” he almost burst out laughing. 
But in the end, he managed to suppress his laughter. 
“Please come with me.” 
The innkeeper left after she had settled them in. 
The moment she was gone, Finnick pinned Vivian down, taking her completely off guard. 
“Uh… What’s happening here?” Vivian was at a loss. 
Shouldn’t we go and have lunch now? We’re both hungry, after all. 
“Please repeat that again, wee lassie.” Finnick smirked roguishly. 
At this, Vivian rolled her eyes and glared at him. 
“Ah, so that’s it, huh?” After she had said that, she cleared her throat and murmured, “I’m in need of replenishment, dearest.” 
When her words fell, Finnick placed his mouth right beside her lips. Vivian naturally knew what he wanted, so she prepared to give him a token kiss. 
However, Finnick had long since realized her intention, so he sucked her lips hard the moment they touched his and started savoring the sweetness of her mouth. 
In truth, a fire had started blazing within him upon hearing her speak to him in such an antiquated tone. 
Out of the blue, a thought flashed across his mind. One day, we could even try role-playing!
Nonetheless, he didn’t blurt it out but focused on savoring her taste. 
Meanwhile, Paris was now lost in thought as she sprawled on the bed in her house, her face flushed for some reason. 
Knock, knock, knock. Three knocks rang out in the air. Yesterday afternoon, after taking Larry to the address given by Vivian, she apprehensively knocked on the door. 
The door was opened by a relatively old lady, who seemed to be the housemaid. 
“Good afternoon. I’m directed here by Vivian Morrison.” Paris didn’t quite know what to say, so she mentioned Vivian’s name. The housemaid warmly ushered them in before arranging a room for the two of them to have the tutoring session. 
But when Paris came down to make her way home, she saw someone in the living room, and that person turned out to be Benedict! 
At this turn of events, she abruptly realized that she had been tricked. Oh my God, this is a ploy concocted by Vivian! 
“Why…” As Benedict stared at Paris, his mouth bulged since he was drinking tea. 
However, for the sake of courtesy, he still did his best to swallow the mouthful of tea. 
“Why are you here?” He knew that it was quite rude of him to be so blunt, but it seemed to be the only way to break the silence and awkwardness. 
“Vivian asked me to come here, claiming that she entrusted Larry to a friend. I came to tutor Larry.” 
Paris truthfully told him everything that had happened. 
After listening to her explanation, both of them were now aware of the machinations behind this matter.
“Do come over here and have a seat.” Benedict urged Paris to sit down when he noticed that she was still rooted to the spot, seeming a tad embarrassed. Then, the two of them chatted for a while. 
It was only when the night had deepened significantly did Benedict finally realize that it was rather late then. 
Well, well… It seems that she’s quite special as she actually managed to make such a punctual person like me lose track of time. 
“I’m really sorry that I lost track of time,” he said apologetically while looking at Paris. “Would you like to go home now? I’ll drive you.” He stared at her with plain sincerity on his face. 
It was actually him who continued the conversation for such a long time. While she was also very eager to talk to him, his gentlemanly awareness did not allow him to do so since the hour had grown so late. 
“Sure. Thank you,” Paris concurred. She knew that she could talk a bit longer with him if she allowed him to drive her home, and it so happened that she was feeling rather loath to have things come to an end here. 
Besides, she never felt awkward when chatting with him since he could always diffuse any awkwardness. 
And so, Benedict drove her home. After a short chat, they arrived at her house. 
Having said their goodbyes, Paris then spun around and opened the door. 
As she lay on the bed, reminiscing about everything that had happened yesterday, she felt that Vivian was truly a godsend for helping her a great deal. 
Thinking of this, she wanted to give her a call to thank her.
On second thought, she’s most likely enjoying herself with her husband now, so I’d better not disturb her. I’ll wait for her to come back and thank her personally instead.
###Chapter 937
Chapter 937 
That would also appear more sincere. 
Meanwhile, Vivian and Finnick were indeed having a whale of a time. 
It was their first day here, and they went to a place that resembled a temple. Over there, they met a fortune-teller. 
Usually, Vivian wouldn’t pay fortune-tellers by the street any mind, but this one was indeed special. 
There were a few sizeable words written on the stall above him that read: On my word of honor, no payment is needed if my fortune-telling isn’t accurate. 
The second part of the utterance was cliche, but the first half sounded rather severe. 
As her curiosity peaked, Vivian wanted to go and get her fortune told. 
Finnick, however, was averse to such superstition. He only believed in hard work and resolve in the attainment of success. Thus, he wanted to pull Vivian away. But upon noticing her brimming curiosity, he relented. 
Vivian stepped forward so that the fortune-teller could take a look at her hand, while Finnick kept a close eye on them at the side. The fortune-teller was a middle-aged man, and Finnick refused to allow him to touch Vivian’s hand, so he could only look at her palm and countenance before giving his verdict. 
After listening to him, the two of them nodded and paid him. Then, they decided to return to the inn.
They had come out at noon, and it was now evening after they had seen the sights. Nevertheless, they didn’t plan to stay out late since they were unfamiliar with this place. 
“What should we do tomorrow, Finnick?” Vivian was a tad drowsy now, so her eyes felt rather heavy as she gazed at Finnick. 
“We’ll stay in bed for the entire day tomorrow.” 
“What?” 
Vivian stood there in a trance after hearing that, then followed him in. 
When they returned to the inn, they went to the dining room to eat. However, a wave of helplessness inundated Vivian at the sight of the food available in the dining room. 
The selection before her was very simple. There wasn’t any fish or meat. Instead, vegetables made up the entire fare. 
Hence, she was rather hesitant as to whether they should be eating here. But on second thought, she was too lazy to wander around anymore, so she decided to just make do. 
Surprisingly, when the food was later served, the taste far exceeded her expectations. Even the food that was usually served in restaurants paled in comparison to this. 
Thus, she ate a lot due to her liking of it. Finnick, on the other hand, maintained his usual consumption, neither eating more nor less. 
“Let’s go up now that we’re done eating.” 
After Finnick paid for their meal, he looked at Vivian expectantly since he wanted to go back to their room.
“Sure.” Vivian nodded, and they both went upstairs to their room. 
Having washed up for a bit, they then plopped down onto the bed and started making out. 
Here, they could make out as much as they wanted without fear of being disrupted by Larry. Conversely, there was an outsider at Benedict’s house, and that person was none other than Paris. 
Paris had initially planned to go home after tutoring Larry, but it started raining. Hence, Benedict asked her to stay since he had a guest room in the house. 
He initially found it rather inappropriate, but he assumed she understood the kind of person he was after chatting with him for the past two days. 
And it was for this same reason that Paris’ mind didn’t go into the gutter. Rather, she instinctively nodded in assent. 
With that, she stayed overnight at Benedict’s house. 
That night, when she came out after taking a shower, she bumped into Benedict. 
There was no attached bathroom in the guest room since it usually remained unoccupied. In fact, the room had always been for show. 
It was only when Paris stayed over today did Benedict realize the flaw in his guest room. Nevertheless, it was now too late to do anything about it. 
As he saw Paris standing in front of him with just a towel wrapped around her body, he found her very much seductive with water from her wet hair dripping down her neck. 
At this very moment, both of them were dumbstruck.
Likewise, Paris hadn’t expected to bump into Benedict when she came out. Her face instantly flamed bright red, and she didn’t quite know what to do. 
She had always been a conservative person due to her family background, so she was naturally nervous to be standing in front of a man in such a state for the first time in her entire life. 
Nonetheless, she didn’t dare to move either, afraid that the towel covering her would slip off if she were to make any excessive movements. 
If that happens, I’ll be mortified to death! 
A flame of desire started blazing within Benedict, triggering a physical reaction from him. A moment later, he looked at Paris and murmured, “I’m sorry.”
###Chapter 938
Chapter 938 
Feeling awkward, Benedict returned to his room. In his haste, he nearly fell down. 
Paris remained standing in the corridor. Worried that something might crop up again, she returned to her room at once. 
The reason she agreed to meet the man was because she wanted to spend more time with him. However, she did not expect that things would turn awkward. 
At that moment, Paris felt that she would no longer be able to face Benedict the next day. 
After Benedict returned to his room and recalled the earlier events, his hand started moving faster below his waist. 
No wonder Paris would mistake him for a player. 
The man had never been a model pupil during his schooling days. He had even bullied girls often when he was young. However, he had never come across a woman like Paris. 
Besides, he was already fond of her. It was hard for him to not feel anything while interacting with the woman of his dreams. 
While being in their own thoughts, both of them fell asleep. 
Meanwhile, Vivian and Finnick had fallen asleep in each other arms. Finding comfort in each other, they had a restful sleep. 
“Ahh!” Vivian suddenly screamed, breaking the peaceful morning silence. 
“What’s up?” Finnick cocked his brow and looked at the woman.
“What… What on Earth are these?” Vivian asked while pointing at the costumes on the bed. She had a bad feeling about it and even felt slightly fearful. 
Judging by the look on the man’s face, she knew that it could not be anything good. 
“Why did you buy these… costumes for?” Vivian pointed at the traditional-looking costumes and asked. However, they were actually a little too revealing to be considered traditional costumes. 
She knew that it was possible to buy these costumes here as there were specialized shops that sell those in the area. 
“It’s for cosplay, silly. I want you to wear those for me,” Finnick looked at her and replied cheekily with a big grin on his face. 
That was the look he had whenever he wanted something from Vivian. 
“Nope, not possible. I refuse.” Vivian had already guessed it. She hugged the blanket tightly and stared at the man. 
She had never been into that sort of thing and would never be. 
Finnick knew that he shouldn’t force Vivian, seeing how unreceptive she was toward the idea. He wanted her to do it willingly. 
As such, he started devising ways in his head to convince her to participate out of her own accord. 
While Finnick was deep in thought, Vivian had already gone to the bathroom and finished washing up. After that, she dragged Finnick by the corner of his shirt out of the room. 
“What are you doing?” Finnick asked, feeling confused.
“Weren’t you into cosplay? Let’s do it then… just kidding!” Vivian teased as she led the man toward a restaurant. 
Ah, she’s hungry… So here we are, looking for food. 
Finnick seemed to have understood what the woman was doing and watched as she chose her food. 
He knew that Vivian would only agree to cosplay if she had a favor to ask of him. 
However, it didn’t seem like there would be anything she needed from him at the moment. As such, Finnick had no choice but to drop that idea for the time being. 
They could always do it when the opportunity arose and he was sure that they would have a lot of fun. 
Vivian shot a glance at Finnick, who was already having naughty thoughts early in the morning, and kept quiet. 
Sometimes she wondered how his brain worked. How is it possible that he could always come up with such ridiculous ideas? What Vivian didn’t know was that Finnick already had that idea in mind since the day he heard her speaking to the innkeeper in an archaic manner. 
Because of that, he started fantasizing about how Vivian would look like if she were a woman in medieval times and how attractive she would be. However, it was a pity that the woman was not willing to cooperate. Finnick let out a helpless sigh and continued looking at Vivian. 
After their meal, Vivian felt better after noticing that the man seemed to have dropped the idea. 
As she was really not into cosplay, she felt rather helpless when Finnick suggested it earlier on. Since the both of them seemed to have already gotten over it, they could carry on with the day happily.
As Vivian thought of the interesting sights which they were going to see that day, as well as her potential purchases from the unique shops along the streets, her mood instantly lifted. She dragged Finnick into every store they walked past and almost bought everything she saw in those stores. As for Finnick, he was just busy paying for his wife’s purchases as well as carrying her bags. Finally, when Vivian was tired from all the walking, she turned around and looked at Finnick. It was only after she saw the numerous bags the man had in his hands that she realized how much she had already bought.
###Chapter 939
Chapter 939 
Vivian burst out laughing when she saw Finnick. 
“What are you laughing at?” 
“You look like my porter.” 
To Vivian’s surprise, Finnick did not get angry at her comment, neither did he refute. He merely kept quiet and looked at her before nodding his head. 
Vivian was almost done with her shopping and intended to return to the inn. However, she suddenly passed by a restaurant, which seemed to sell really delicious food. Seeing that it was almost lunchtime, she went in with Finnick. 
When they entered the shop, Vivian noticed that the food items on display looked rather strange. As such, she asked the owner of the shop, “Can we have lunch here?” 
“Ah, no. These are just replicas of food from medieval times,” the owner replied, shaking his head. Hearing that, the couple left after browsing the items for a while. 
Initially, they had wanted to walk around for a while more, but Finnick suddenly received a call from Noah and frowned. 
Why is he calling knowing that we’re on a holiday? 
Nonetheless, he still picked up as it might be something urgent. 
“Mr. Norton, where are you? Rachel is critically ill. Would Mrs. Norton want to go see her?” There was a sense of urgency in Noah’s voice.
“Ok, got it.” 
“What’s the matter?” Vivian asked, noticing the change in Finnick’s expression. She was hoping that it wasn’t anything serious. Please don’t tell me it’s a repeat of what happened during the previous vacation… 
If that was the case, she would definitely breakdown. 
“Rachel is critically ill,” Noah replied while fixing his gaze on Vivian, trying to observe her reaction. 
If she didn’t seem to care, they would carry on with their vacation and not bother to deal with trivial matters. 
However, if she was concerned and affected by the news, they could only end their vacation and head back. In the end, Vivian was still unable to ignore her mother. As such, the couple packed their belongings and prepared for their return. 
“Finnick, she was the one who raised me after all,” Vivian explained to Finnick. 
Since Rachel had indeed brought up Vivian, Vivian felt that she was obligated to visit the woman, even if it was out of courtesy. 
“I understand,” Finnick replied and held Vivian’s hand tightly to comfort her. On the way back, none of them spoke. 
When they reached home, they headed to the hospital immediately without picking Larry up as Benedict was taking care of the boy. 
When the couple arrived at the hospital, Rachel was already in the emergency room. 
Vivian couldn’t help but feel anxious and worry while waiting outside.
She hated the feeling of waiting for updates outside the emergency room. That feeling of helplessness was pure torture to her. 
“Is Rachel William’s family around?” 
When Vivian and Finnick heard the nurse’s voice, they turned around simultaneously. 
“Yes. I’m here,” Vivian answered. She was feeling extremely nervous at the moment as she had no idea if Rachel managed to survive. 
“Why are you here? Rachel is not in the emergency room anymore. She’s now in stable condition and is resting in her ward.” 
The nurse, who happened to see Vivian, was not sure why Rachel’s family members were waiting outside the emergency room when she was already back at the ward. 
“Oh, thanks for letting us know,” Vivian thanked the nurse before heading to the ward with Finnick. 
When both of them reached the ward, Finnick went ahead to pay the hospital bills and left Vivian alone to spend some time with her mother. 
Rachel did not have enough money for the hospital bills at first. Luckily, because Noah was around, the nurses did not make things difficult for her. 
“Mr. Norton.” When Finnick found Noah, Noah greeted him with a serious expression on his face. 
Even though Noah was no longer serving the Norton family, his respect for Finnick would never change. 
Finnick nodded in acknowledgment before passing a check to Noah to cover Rachel’s hospital bills.
Finnick had always been a generous man and he would never take advantage of others, especially when it came to money. It was no different this time. 
Noah took a quick glance at the amount on the check and kept it, knowing that Finnick never liked to be indebted to anyone. 
After that, Finnick and Noah found a spot to sit down. They started chatting about Noah’s love life. 
Finnick was happy to know that Noah was in a blissful relationship and everything was going well for him. Apart from that, the two men did not talk much and they sat in silence most of the time. 
Inside the ward, Vivian stared at Rachel, who was lying on the bed. She noticed that her mother was just skin and bones. Even her lips were colorless. 
Vivian couldn’t help but recall her past memories and struggled to hold back her tears.
###Chapter 940
Chapter 940 
Vivian remembered how much Rachel doted on her in the past. As such, she had been trying her best to treat her mother’s illness. 
However, Vivian was aware that there was still a limit to Rachel’s affections for her since she was not her biological daughter. 
Vivian looked up at the ceiling and let out a bitter smile. 
She knew that there was no point thinking about it as it was all in the past, but she just couldn’t help it. 
With her gaze fixed on Rachel, Vivian walked closer toward her, wanting to see how much the woman had changed. 
When she thought about it, Rachel had not actually done anything that harmed her. What she did was merely what a mother would do. 
She did not do anything wrong. So why did I send her to a nursing home? 
Vivian shook her head a few times to clear her mind of such thoughts. She needed to move on from the past. Her current priority was to take good care of Rachel and ensure that she could enjoy her twilight years. 
“Vivian, you’re here?” 
Just when Vivian was still lost in her thoughts, Rachel had woken up and was looking at her. 
The look in her eyes was a mixture of anticipation and helplessness.
Rachel had not seen Vivian in a long while. However, her face fell suddenly and the sparkle in her eyes dimmed as she looked at her daughter. 
“Yeah, I’m here,” Vivian replied with a nod and helped Rachel up so that she could lean against the headboard and sit comfortably. 
After that, Vivian sat down on the sofa beside the bed, not knowing what to say. 
Because of their previous conflict, there was an awkward tension between the two women. 
Given the situation, all Vivian could do was to look down at her thighs and keep quiet. 
In the end, Rachel was the one who broke the silence. “Vivian, did you marry him?” she asked. 
The “him” was, of course, referring to Finnick. “Yep,” Vivian answered with a nod. 
She was aware that Rachel used to to her dating Finnick. 
As such, even though her mother was the one who brought it up first, Vivian did not offer any additional details. 
Vivian took a glance at the clock and realized that it was already afternoon. 
“Um… A-Are you hungry? Should I get you something to eat?” Vivian stuttered as she did not know how she should address Rachel. 
“Sure, I’ll have to trouble you then,” Rachel nodded and replied. With that, Vivian left the room. 
“Why are you sitting here?” Vivian was just wondering what was taking Finnick so long since he had only gone to pay the hospital bills. She didn’t expect to find him sitting right outside the door. 
“So that you could have some time alone with her,” Finnick replied as he looked up at Vivian.
“Are you hungry? Shall we get something to eat?” Vivian was just slightly hungry, but she did not mind having some food. 
Even though she didn’t have much appetite, she knew that she still needed to eat. 
Since it was already way past lunchtime, she reckoned that Finnick must be hungry too. As such, she asked him along. 
There was not much choice of food at the hospital canteen. After taking a quick bite with Finnick, Vivian bought some food for Rachel and hurried back to her ward. 
“Here you go. I’m not sure what you’d like to eat, so I just bought something simple.” 
Seeing that Rachel was still lying on the bed, Vivian carried a small table over and placed it in front of Rachel so that it was easier for her to eat. 
“No worries. I can eat anything.” Rachel took the cutleries from Vivian and started eating. 
The circumstances of Rachel’s illness were rather suspicious as there was no apparent cause for it. 
Vivian inquired with the doctor but the doctor simply told her that it wasn’t anything serious and that Rachel was ready to be discharged the next day. 
However, the hospital director sounded extremely worried when he informed her about Rachel’s condition. 
Could they have exaggerated the circumstances because they were worried that the worst might happen? 
Even though Vivian was still feeling perplexed, she was glad that Rachel was well.
As it was getting late, Vivian and Finnick returned home. 
Feeling exhausted from the events of the past few days, the couple was not in the mood to chat. Before long, Vivian fell asleep comfortably in Finnick’s arms. 
That night, she dreamt of Evelyn setting off the bomb. Even in her dreams, it felt absolutely horrifying. 
Vivian did not know why things would turn out this way. All she ever wanted was to have a care life but it seemed like unfortunate events kept happening to her.
###Chapter 941
Chapter 941 
Vivian woke up the next morning with obvious dark circles under her eyes and quickly got ready to visit Rachel. 
“Why don’t you go later? It’s still early. You should sleep a while more,” Finnick held her hand and said. 
He could feel his heart aching when he saw the dark eye circles and eye bags on Vivian’s eyes. 
She seemed to have over-exerted herself these days. After being in a constant state of excitement during their vacation, she now had to take care of her mother. 
To Finnick, that might be too much for a woman to handle. 
“Stop it. I have to go. Otherwise, who’s going to help with her meals and get out of bed?” 
Without Evelyn by her side, Vivian was the only one Rachel could depend on. 
If Vivian did not take care of her, no one else would. 
As Rachel was the one who brought her up, Vivian could not bring herself to leave the woman alone in the hospital. 
“Ok, go ahead then. But don’t tire yourself out, you hear?” Finnick knew he couldn’t win the argument against his wife and relented. He knew very well that Vivian would not change her mind once she had decided on something. 
Since she had already gotten ready to leave the house, there was no way she would stay and continue sleeping. 
As it was still early, there were not a lot of people at the hospital yet.
When Vivian reached Rachel’s ward, Rachel was still asleep. As such, she sat down on the sofa next to the bed and rested for a while. 
A moment later, Vivian heard a faint sound. When she opened her eyes, she saw that it was Rachel trying to get a blanket. 
“Do you want some water?” Vivian asked as she passed the glass to Rachel. 
After Rachel finished drinking the water, she gazed at Vivian with a contented look in her eyes. 
“Vivian, it must be hard on you to have to wake up so early to come here.” Rachel was stumped by the fact that even her biological daughter did not treat her so well. It was her adopted daughter who was by her side when she needed someone most. 
What kind of logic is that? 
“It’s not a big deal,” Vivian shook her head and replied. 
What she said was the truth. After all, she felt that it was every child’s duty to look after their parents. 
Even though Rachel was not the one who gave birth to her, she was still her mother. 
“Since you’ve already married Finnick, is he treating you well?” 
“Yes.” 
“If you’re facing any problems, you can always tell me.” 
“There isn’t any.” 
Rachel was trying her best to strike up a conversation with Vivian, however, the latter seemingly wasn’t able to open up.
As Rachel was aware that it would take time to mend the relationship with her daughter, she did not force her to talk. She could only stare at Vivian wordlessly, wondering what her daughter had on her mind. 
“Um… The doctor has informed me that you are well enough to be discharged today,” Vivian said to Rachel as she recalled her conversation with the doctor the previous day. 
Even though the doctor had used quite a few medical terms that Vivian was not able to understand, she thought that Rachel might be able to. 
However, Rachel was not able to fully comprehend either and wasn’t exactly sure what the nature of her illness was. 
“Um… So… Do you want to come and stay with me?” 
Although Rachel was feeling fine currently, somehow, Vivian still felt guilty toward the woman for what happened in the past. 
As such, she decided that it was best that she took care of Rachel personally. Besides, as Evelyn was not around to accompany Rachel, Vivian did not feel that it was right to leave her mother alone in the nursing home. 
“Of course not!” Rachel rejected sternly, giving Vivian a shock. 
Apart from those times when Vivian misbehaved when she was young, she could not remember any other instances where Rachel would speak in such a stern tone. 
Vivian’s shock was written all over her face as she asked, “Why? Since your daughter is not around now, isn’t it more convenient for you to stay with me so that I can take care of you?”
Is she still upset with me? Vivian frowned slightly, puzzled at the response she was given. 
Upon careful observation, she noticed that Rachel had aged a lot and her face had gotten much more wrinkled. 
“There’s just no need for that. Let’s not talk about this anymore. We should proceed with the discharge procedures,” Rachel said and turned around, ending the conversation. 
Vivian had no choice but to listen to her mother. After she was done with the paperwork, she helped Rachel pack and they were ready to leave the hospital. 
While the chauffeur was making a call in the car, Vivian and Rachel sat in silence. 
“Vivian, I just didn’t want to bring you any inconvenience. Don’t think too much into it.”
###Chapter 942
Chapter 942 
Rachel regretted getting all worked up and going ballistic. Thinking that Vivian did it out of concern for her, Rachel decided to explain herself. 
“It’s okay. I just wanted to take good care of you. Since it makes you feel uncomfortable, I’ll stop and just let things be.” 
Vivian was not bothered by what happened. She stopped convincing Rachel since the latter had no intention of heeding her advice. 
Regardless of what Rachel had to say, Vivian listened indifferently. 
“OK.” Not knowing what to say in response, Rachel simply nodded. 
The long-distance travel was not very comfortable, resulting in Vivian getting pins and needles. 
When she got off the car, she immediately moved her body to relax her muscles. 
Subsequently, she assisted Rachel off the car. 
“Sir, can you wait for us for thirty minutes? I’ll pay you accordingly.” Commuting in a rural area was rather inconvenient. Thus, Vivian figured it was best to get the same driver to wait for them. 
“Sure, I’ll be here. You go ahead and do what you need to do.” Upon hearing he would be getting paid for waiting, the driver agreed gleefully without any complaints. 
Vivian acknowledged with a nod and went ahead with Rachel. 
“Where do you want these placed?” Those were Rachel’s clothes, some medicines bought from the hospital, and basic amenities.
Vivian sought her opinion so that she knew where to look for them later on. 
“Just leave them on the table.” 
It took Vivian twenty minutes to unpack and arrange everything. 
Turning to Rachel, she said, “I’ll take my leave now. Call me if you need me.” 
Before leaving, Vivian left her contact details on the table for Rachel. 
“Vivian…” 
Vivian felt bad for making the driver wait for her for more than half an hour. 
“Sorry, Sir, I took longer than expected.” 
“That’s fine. Shall we go now?” 
“Yes, please.” 
During the journey back, Vivian got bored and started browsing entertainment news on her phone. 
Lexi, whom the tabloids reported as Finnick’s most recent girlfriend, finally became popular. Although she relied on a man to get famous, she does have some real capabilities. 
I’m sure she’s still eyeing on Finnick. 
It’s okay. Those who leave aren’t good enough, anyways. I have faith in my own man. 
Right then, Vivian noticed a text message from Finnick. 
Honey.
Yes? 
What time are you coming home? 
Soon. 
As they were texting, she had arrived at Finnick’s company. 
He wanted her to accompany him to lunch and she obliged. 
After lunch, Vivian had her own plans. 
“How was it?” Finnick asked. 
Vivian knew he was asking about Rachel even though he did not make it clear. 
“It’s all right. Nothing serious. Her illness was quite peculiar, but it came and went.” Vivian continued eating whereas Finnick just nodded as a response. 
There are many unusual happenings on earth, we don’t have to answer each one in detail. 
“Where are you heading to next?” As soon as they finished eating, Finnick inquired about Vivian’s plans. 
“I’m going to Ben’s place to pick Little Pumpkin up.” 
It’s time to put a stop to it. Three days should be sufficient for them to work on their relationship. 
Things may go the opposite direction if little pumpkin continues staying there. 
Perhaps absence makes the heart grow fonder and it can help Benedict sort out his feelings better.
“All right, you go ahead. Be careful.” 
Finnick had a meeting in the afternoon and could not accompany Vivian. 
“Okay, I’m not a toddler anymore.” Chuckling, Vivian rolled her eyes at him and then hailed a cab. 
Finnick watched her as she got into the cab safely before returning to the office. 
Vivian had no idea whether Benedict was at home. Anyways, I can always pick little pumpkin up first then only notify Ben.
###Chapter 943
Chapter 943 
This way, Ben won’t say that I trick him. 
Unexpectedly, when Vivian rang the doorbell, it was Benedict who answered the door. 
“Hehe, Ben,” Vivian greeted him with a cheeky grin, thinking that he would not get mad at her. 
After all, there was the saying ‘an angry fist does not hit a smiling face’. 
However, the reality went against Vivian’s wish. As soon as Benedict saw her, he lashed out at her. 
“Why would I have a sister like you? Is that how you treat your brother? It’s fine to help you babysit, but how could you do this to me?” 
Looking straight into her eyes, he gave her a piece of his mind. 
While he was still lecturing her, Vivian walked to the sofa and took her seat. 
Benedict trailed behind her and followed suit. 
Considering the chronological events that had happened, Benedict showed no intention to stop scolding Vivian. The latter could only take it all in patiently. 
“You went overboard, do you know that? It made us so awkward.” 
After struggling through a long berating, Vivian only remembered the last sentence and ignored the rest. 
“That’s enough. Don’t reprimand Vivian anymore. She did it for our own good.” 
Right when Vivian wanted to respond, a voice was heard from upstairs. It was her colleague, Paris.
“Ben, you two…” Vivian was completely baffled at what was going on. 
Are they an item now? Seriously? Just within three days? 
Vivian found it unbelievable. 
Paris nodded as she smiled sweetly at Benedict. 
Vivian watched her walking down the stairs and strode toward Benedict’s side. 
Vivian was still stunned at how they interlocked fingers. She had qualms that they were pulling a prank on her. 
“We have you to thank for this, Vivian. Although Ben scolded you, he meant no harm.” 
Paris took a glance at him, then held Vivian’s hand as she explained. 
“That means you guys are together?” Vivian was still in shock. 
I thought it would take a while for Ben to get it right. Who would have known the story has developed this fast. 
“Yes, we’re together.” Upon seeing Vivian’s surprised face, Benedict patted her head. 
She’s so brilliant when manipulating me. Yet, acting like a blur case when her trick pulls off? 
“Oh… I see.” 
Finally, Vivian cleared her doubts and was able to accept it swiftly. The two of them look really good together.
They started off as strangers, went through a lot of anxieties, grew closer, and eventually, all’s well ends well. 
Seeing how happy they were holding each other’s hands, Vivian felt that she had done something right by matchmaking them. 
“Come, tell me the juicy details.” Vivian wanted to find out how Paris captured Benedict’s heart within three days. 
Paris promptly told her about what happened over the past few days. 
Since the day Benedict saw how Paris looked like after taking a shower, he spent the entire night sorting out his feelings for her. 
After thinking things through thoroughly, he realized that he really liked Paris. Otherwise, he would not have allowed her to stay in his house. 
It was the weekend the following day and they did not have to attend classes. 
When they were resting on the sofa after having breakfast, Benedict threw a serious question at Paris, “Paris, what do you like about me?” 
The question stumped Paris. 
Is it so obvious that I like him? Did he find out? Is he going to shoo me away? 
Panicked, she stared at Benedict. She could not bring herself to tell a lie, so she answered honestly. 
“Yes, I like.”
That moment was the most serious the two had ever been thus far. They had nothing else but each other in their eyes. 
“I like you too. If that’s the case, let’s date.” 
Paris almost jumped out of her skin. Dating?
###Chapter 944
Chapter 944 
Even though Paris had always loved Benedict, she never dared to dream of him confessing to her, let alone asking for a date. 
Her brief pause made Benedict think that she was declining him. 
“Rest assured that I’ll treat you well.” When he added this line, Paris could no longer contain her excitement and fell into his embrace. 
She had been waiting her whole life for his confession. 
She had an inferiority complex due to her average family background. Hence, she hid her feelings. The more she tried to suppress it, the more it developed. 
Since Benedict had professed his love, she gladly accepted it. 
Love birds should flock together. 
“That’s it?” Vivian felt that their development was exceptionally speedy. 
“Yes.” Paris nodded. She continued staring at Vivian, anticipating some comments. 
“Now that you’re an item, cherish each other.” Thankfully, Ben realized his true feelings, otherwise, Paris might have to endure an unrequited love for a long time. 
Things would have been very different for the both of them if Benedict did not come to his senses about his feelings for Paris. 
“All in all, thank you,” Benedict said lovingly to his sister. His eyes were filled with gratitude and affection.
“You’re most welcome. Next, let’s talk about my reward.” Vivian put on a straight face. Deep down, she was excited to set her brother up and attain whatever benefits she could get out of this. 
“All right, that’s it in. Let’s go upstairs, Paris, little pumpkin is finishing his lessons soon.” Benedict and Paris walked away hand in hand, leaving Vivian behind. 
He’s so petty. 
In a way, Benedict implied that he had returned Vivian a favor by helping her to take care of Larry. 
While waiting for little pumpkin, Vivian killed time by playing on her phone. 
Upon seeing Larry, she put her phone aside and gave him a bear hug. 
“Did you miss me?” He must have been quite well-fed these few days as he seems to have put on some weight. 
“Of course!” Little pumpkin kissed Vivian on the cheek and grinned from ear to ear. 
He had waited to see his mother for three long days. 
He finally believed that Benedict was not bluffing him when he said Vivian would visit very soon. 
“Okay, okay. Your Daddy and I miss you so so much!” 
Hugging each other, their faces glowed with a blissful smile. 
“Shall we go home?” 
“Yes!” Larry had been looking forward to this day. 
As much as he loved being around Benedict, he longed to be at home with Finnick and Vivian.
No child would want to part ways with their parents. Vivian understood that perfectly well. 
Vivian went upstairs and knocked at Benedict’s door. 
It’s best I knock before accidentally walking into a couple in the midst of their lovey-dovey moment. That would be super embarrassing. 
Vivian learnt that the hard way. 
Paris answered the door promptly. 
“Ben, Paris, you two take care. I’m heading home now with little pumpkin,” Vivian said with Larry in her arms after scanning that they were both decently dressed. 
“Okay, go ahead.” Benedict had expected her prior to her departure. 
“Little pumpkin, wave your Uncle Benedict and Ms. Houston goodbye,” Vivian reminded Larry of his manners. 
“See you, Uncle Benedict and Ms. Houston.” 
“Why Uncle Benedict and Ms. Houston? Shouldn’t it be Uncle Benedict and Aunt Paris?” Benedict protested. The difference in salutations made me sound so old. I’m not that old, all right? 
“Hahaha…” 
It was already in the afternoon when Vivian arrived home with Larry. After a brief playtime, she informed the teachers of the change in their homeschooling address. 
Shortly after, Finnick came home.
“Daddy, you’re back! I missed you!” 
Before he had a chance to change into indoor slippers, Larry hurried over to hug him.
###Chapter 945
Chapter 945 
Although Larry required heavy assistance from Vivian at home, he viewed Finnick as his role model. 
He aspired to become a successful person like Finnick who was capable of protecting his parents. 
“Little pumpkin, I’ve missed you so much too.” 
To Finnick, the most enjoyable moment of the day was to return home to a wife who longed for him and a child who craved his attention. 
He played catch with Larry and then the family had dinner together. 
“Were you happy to stay in Uncle Benedict’s house, Little Pumpkin?” Finnick chatted with his son after dinner. 
“Yes, I was happy, but I missed you all so much.” 
His honesty sent Finnick over the moon for a brief moment. Then, he advised him, “You’re a boy. You ought to be independent. Do you understand?” 
Larry’s only eight years old, but it’s never too early to educate a child about some life principles. 
After all, he’s more mature than the kids his age. So, he needs to know this. 
“Understood,” Larry responded obediently. 
He was aware of the importance to heed Finnick’s advice if he wanted to turn out like him. That was the only way to develop a stronger personality in him. 
“Good boy.”
The father and son spent some quality time together before Vivian joined them. 
“Little pumpkin, can I bring you to see a lady since you don’t have any classes tomorrow?” 
Vivian wanted Larry to visit Rachel. I wonder how’s she doing now since she’s just been discharged. It’s best we pay her a visit. 
“Sure,” Larry agreed. 
The family had a good time catching up with each other and everyone went to bed thereafter. 
While waiting for Finnick to take a shower, Vivian stared blankly at the ceiling. 
“What are you thinking?” Finnick asked the moment he came back into the room after what felt like forever. 
“Ben and Paris are together now.” Finnick merely nodded when Vivian shared the news with him. 
It’s nothing surprising. They’re compatible individuals with complementary personalities. With a slight help from us, it’s just a matter of time before they got together. Most importantly, they love each other. In addition, it’s easy to win Paris’ heart over as long as Benedict takes the initiative to do so. 
“Do you think that I should address Paris as my sister-in-law when we meet?” Vivian was struggling with a seniority issue. 
It seems a bit rude to call her by name. Yet, it feels so weird to change salutation at this point. 
Finnick was amused by how Vivian used her brainpower to figure out petty matters like these. When they were singles, she sought ways to bring them together. Now that they’re a couple, she’s thinking about ways to call each other. 
“Whatever makes you happy.”
Does she really need to spend time and effort thinking about this? 
Finnick was completely perplexed by how she landed herself in another dilemma. 
Surely, men and women are wired differently. Therefore, their priorities are totally different. 
“All right, I’ll call her Paris.” 
I’m most comfortable with that. I’ll think about a more intimate and respectful nickname once they tie the knot. 
Finnick waited patiently for Vivian to think things through before he could enjoy a passionate time with her. 
Excitement started building up in the room. Finnick muttered, “Cosplay…” 
With that, Vivian shrewdly left his embrace, snuggled comfortably underneath the sheets, and dozed off soundly. 
Staring at the woman who fell asleep in front of him, Finnick felt so helpless. How do I make you wear the costumes willingly? 
The next morning, Vivian got up after Finnick had left for the office. She had applied for a week of leave and did not need to worry about work temporarily. 
When she went downstairs, Larry had already woken up. “Mommy, come have breakfast.” 
Larry ran to her and then led her to the dining table. 
Finnick was the one who prepared breakfast and tasked Larry to make sure Vivian eat in the morning. The good kid carried out Finnick’s instructions responsibly.
“Sure, I’ll eat them all.” Then, she lowered her head and enjoyed her first meal of the day.
###Chapter 946
Chapter 946 
Vivian wondered if she should bring along some health supplements as gifts. After all, Rachel was sick and needed them to enhance her recovery. 
After giving it some thought, she felt it appropriate to do so. Hence, Vivian and Larry went to the health supplement store to get some before heading to the nursing home. As Vivian was driving this time, there was nothing much to be worried about. 
“Mommy, which granny are we going to visit?” In Larry’s mind, there only seemed to be Great-grandpa. Granny had never appeared to him before. 
In truth, however, he had seen her in the hospital before but just didn’t bring it up. 
“The granny you’re seeing today isn’t in good health, and she has just been discharged from the hospital,” Vivian explained Rachel’s condition to him, hoping that he would be more tactful when he saw her. 
“Got it.” Larry nodded as he looked out the window at the passing traffic. 
Larry liked going for car rides, and he especially enjoyed the quietness of being inside the car and the bumpiness of the journey. 
Furthermore, since they were driving in their own car, they could travel a little faster than a taxi. 
Leading Larry out of the car, Vivian entered the nursing home with the health supplements in hand. 
When they came into Rachel’s room, she was lying in bed with her eyes opened, thinking about something. It was then that she saw Vivian.
“Vivian, you’re here. And who might this be?” 
Rachel didn’t see Larry standing beside Vivian initially due to his height. She only asked when she saw the boy while lifting her gaze. 
Despite having an inkling of who he was, Rachel felt that it was still better to ask. 
“Larry, this is Granny.” Looking at Larry, Vivian indicated to him that this was the granny she wanted him to see. 
“Hi Granny, I’m Larry Norton,” Larry introduced himself. He even spelled out his full name as he was worried that Rachel might not be clear. 
“Oh? Is he your son with Finnick?” Rachel was shocked to see the kid already so big. 
From the looks of it, the boy seems to be someone capable. 
“Mmm-hmm, that’s right.” Vivian nodded and motioned Larry to sit on the sofa. 
“I brought you some health supplements. Where do I put them?” Vivian couldn’t find a place to store them. 
Hence, she put them on top of a pink-colored bed, knowing that it was Evelyn’s. 
Since Evelyn wasn’t around, she might as well put them there. Rachel didn’t say a word as she watched what Vivian did. It wasn’t until Vivian had sat on the sofa that she started chatting. 
In the midst of their conversation, they talked about the past for which Rachel expressed remorse. She regretted not taking better care of Vivian and not considering her feelings more often. 
Having heard her words, Vivian replied, “Let’s just let bygones be bygones.
Vivian’s words indicated that all was water under the bridge. All that mattered was Rachel’s attitude toward her from now on. 
Rachel was delighted by her response. Everything was fine as long as Vivian wasn’t angry. 
From both her tone and the look in her eyes, Rachel surmised that Vivian had forgiven her. Just when she wanted to continue chatting with Vivian, an incident flashed across her mind. It was a dark night where the lights in the room were already off. She suddenly heard someone enter her room. 
As Rachel didn’t believe in ghosts, she knew someone had actually come in. Her first thought was that it was Evelyn. Ever since she left that day, Evelyn never returned. Having been worried for the past few days, Rachel was relieved that Evelyn finally came back. 
The moment Evelyn turned on the light, Rachel was unable to open her eyes due to the jarring glare. But she could hear Evelyn’s voice. 
“Mom, Mom.” 
After struggling to open her eyes and look, Evelyn was indeed standing before her. 
“Evelyn, it’s really you.” Rachel’s face lit up the moment she saw Evelyn. 
She had assumed that her daughter had left because she didn’t like it here. Hence, she didn’t expect her to return at all. 
“Yeah, I didn’t leave. I was set up by Vivian again.” Evelyn’s fearsome gaze gave Rachel a fright. What happened between them for Evelyn to hate Vivian so much? 
When Rachel asked her what happened, Evelyn related everything while twisting the facts.
###Chapter 947
Chapter 947 
“I was caught in a bomb blast set up by them. Luckily, someone saved me by pulling me out. It was really difficult for me to come back here and see you.” 
Evelyn was teary-eyed as she spoke. She was indeed rescued by someone. But as to who tried to kill her with a bomb, only she and the perpetrator knew. 
After hearing Evelyn’s story, Rachel was shocked at how vicious Vivian was. 
What kind of person is she? To be willing to blow someone up without any qualms? 
When Evelyn saw the change in Rachel’s expression, she knew that her mother had bought her lie. Hence, she leaned closer and whispered her instructions. 
“Mom, help me do this and after that…” 
As it turned out, Rachel’s sickness was due to her missing her medication on purpose. As such, she was able to recover once she was put on the drip in the hospital. 
However, Vivian was oblivious to what was going on. Hence, as Rachel looked at Vivian, she suddenly didn’t know what else to say. 
All she did was stare at the mother and son duo in silence. 
Vivian was puzzled at the sudden change in Rachel’s demeanor. Just a second ago, she was cheerfully chatting away. What’s with the change in attitude? Despite the doubts in her mind, she chose to break the silence instead.
“Remember to take the supplements I bought you. They are very good for you. If you need anything else once you finish them, just let me know and I’ll bring more.” 
As Vivian gave detailed instructions about how to consume them, Rachel observed her actions carefully. 
After she was done, Rachel simply nodded in acknowledgment. 
Checking the time, Vivian realized it was getting late and planned to leave with Larry. 
“Will you… be coming back?” Rachel’s eyes were filled with anticipation. She seemed reluctant for Vivian to leave. 
Vivian was shaken by Rachel’s question and felt that she would be unfilial if she said no. 
“Yeah, I will.” 
Rachel’s mind was put at ease by Vivian’s answer. 
“Goodbye, Granny.” After bidding Rachel farewell, Larry and Vivian left in their car. 
“Mommy, I think that Granny was acting very strange. There’s something unsettling about her gaze.” Larry had noticed the elder woman’s awkwardness but didn’t bring it up earlier as it would have been impolite to do so. 
Now that they were out, he wanted to inform Vivian so that she would be more vigilant. 
Thinking back to their encounter, Vivian did feel that something wasn’t right about the meeting. She attributed it to the fact that Rachel still felt awkward in her presence. 
With that thought in mind, Vivian allayed her own fears.
“Alright, don’t think too much about it. We’ll be heading home to have dinner with Daddy now. After that, it will be time for bed as you have school tomorrow.” 
Realizing that Larry would be going back to school the next day, Vivian planned to have him sleep early that night. 
Being the obedient child that he was, Larry did what he was told. 
The next day morning, when Vivian came into the office, she saw Paris at her seat. 
Usually, Paris would arrive earlier than Vivian. 
“Good morning, Vivian,” Paris greeted her. 
Vivian realized something was different today. All this while, Paris had acted sheepishly in front of her, as to how someone of lower rank would. 
But now, she was greeting her just like Benedict did, treating Vivian like a junior. 
Vivian had wanted to return her greeting by name but decided against it after having heard how she was greeted. 
“Erm… Let’s discuss how I should address you, shall we?” Vivian felt that it was more appropriate to talk about it first. 
“Pfft!” Paris burst into laughter as she found it adorable that Vivian was fussing over such a trivial matter. 
“What’s wrong?” Vivian didn’t think that there was anything humorous about what she just said. 
“Just call me Paris. There’s no need to overthink it.” Her words put Vivian’s mind at ease.
Since Paris had given permission to address her by name, it would be what Vivian would use. 
“Good morning, Paris,” Vivian returned her greeting when it suddenly occurred to her that she had yet to do so. 
Paris burst into laughter again and repeated how adorable she found Vivian to be. 
Just when Vivian was laughing together with her, Ms. Jenson’s voice rang out.
###Chapter 948
Chapter 948 
“Settle down everyone.” Ms. Jenson gestured for the noisy office to be silent. 
“I want you to welcome a new joiner to our company, Shane Teslar.” 
When they saw the handsome young man, most of the office ladies swooned over him. It had been a long time since the magazine had someone so good-looking join them. Hence, everyone was excited about it. 
“Shane, pick someone you like from amongst them to be your mentor.” 
Usually, newcomers would need to be mentored when they first joined. And only those who were experienced were allowed to mentor them. 
Otherwise, they would end up learning something they shouldn’t have. 
As Paris had been groomed by Vivian, she was now one of the most capable staff in the company. 
“Her.” Smiling delightfully, Shane pointed at Vivian. 
He had heard about Vivian before and admired her a lot. Hence, he painstakingly got himself into the company so that he could be her apprentice. 
Now that he was here, there was no way he would miss the opportunity to get close to his idol. 
“In that case, he’ll be under your wing now, Vivian.” 
With Paris as a good example, Vivian would be a safe pair of hands to show Shane the ropes. However, it was just a matter of whether Finnick would mind.
Just when Ms. Jenson was hesitating, Vivian nodded in agreement, putting her mind at ease. 
“Alright then. Shane, move your seat to Vivian’s opposite.” 
This way, Shane would have easy access to Vivian whenever he had any questions and would not need to walk very far. 
His face lit up the moment he heard that he could sit with Vivian. 
He was already delighted by the fact that Vivian was going to be his mentor, but to also get to sit near her made him feel ecstatic. 
“Hehe, Ms. Morrison, I’m Shane Teslar. It’s a pleasure to be working with you.” 
Vivian had a good impression of him. 
She liked straightforward men who were willing to learn. Mentees with a positive attitude were a joy to teach, just like how Paris was back then. 
“Mmm-hmm.” Vivian was usually cold to people she just met as she needed time to warm up to them. 
Shane didn’t see it as a problem at all as long as he could get along with her. 
After working the whole morning, Shane only had a few questions for Vivian. Similar to Paris, he always tried to analyze problems by himself first because only by doing so was he able to improve. 
“Vivian, come in for a second.” 
Vivian followed Ms. Jenson into her office. 
“Please get yourself prepared for a scoop the day after and take Shane along with you. It would be good exposure for him.”
Ms. Jenson wasn’t someone who discriminated against newcomers. On the contrary, she loved to groom them so that they could help her rake in more profits in the future. 
That was what Finnick liked about her. 
“Sure, no problem.” Running a scoop wasn’t a big deal for Vivian. 
Although she had a newcomer tagged to her, he likely wasn’t going to be much help other than helping to carry her gear. After all, he was there to learn the ropes. 
However, Vivian’s assumptions about him were wrong. Shane wasn’t as inexperienced as she thought. In fact, he even made many good suggestions to her. 
For a moment, Vivian felt as if she was falling behind the times and no longer had her finger on the pulse of the young. 
I am losing touch while society continues to progress. This is the saddest part of life. 
Luckily, Vivian wasn’t really that old. 
“Ms. Morrison, look at this, should we change the way we phrase the question? It feels better doing it this way.” 
Shane felt that the question was too forthright and might unsettle the interviewee. 
“It’ll be fine. I did some research on the company’s president, and based on his demeanor, this question isn’t going to be a problem.” 
Every time Vivian was about to run a story, she would do all the necessary research beforehand so that she would understand her subject well.
“Oh, I see.” Shane had a sudden realization and felt that Vivian was indeed the best mentor he could ask for. 
After all, all of her mentees went on to become capable employees. It went without saying that those who were incompetent were already kicked out by her.
###Chapter 949
Chapter 949 
“Ms. Morrison, since I have learned a lot from you today, can I buy you lunch?” 
After finishing the story, Shane was grinning from ear to ear as he stared at Vivian. At that moment, with sunlight reflecting off her face, she was a gorgeous sight to behold. 
However, he did hear that she was married and even had a son. 
Nevertheless, it didn’t stop him from having a crush on her. 
“Sure, let’s go.” Vivian nodded as it was already noon. 
Initially, she planned to have lunch with Finnick. But since it was Shane’s first day at work, she accepted his invitation. 
Vivian chose a lower-end restaurant as she was cognizant that Shane was broke. After all, he had just graduated and wasn’t from a rich family. 
However, if Vivian was to foot the bill, it would embarrass him instead. 
After much consideration, she decided to order something affordable during lunch with Shane. 
“Ms. Morrison, are we going back to the office after this?” Shane was looking forward to running stories with Vivian. This way, he would be able to spend more time alone with her. 
“Yes.” Checking the time, it was indeed time to go back to work. 
Back in the office, Vivian instructed Shane to write the report. 
After he agreed, Vivian buried her head into writing her own.
Every time they finished a story, Vivian would have to write a report to her superiors. Similarly, she would get the newcomer to write a report for her. 
By doing so, she would be able to gauge how much progress the newcomer had made running a story and what he had learned along the way. 
After going through Shane’s report in the afternoon and ensuring it was alright, Vivian bid Paris and Shane goodbye before heading home. 
By the time she reached home, Finnick had already returned. Sitting on the sofa, he was glaring angrily at Vivian, to the extent she felt anxious while changing her shoes. 
Did I do anything wrong? Why is he looking at me like that? 
“Erm… what is it?” Vivian walked up to him and gave him a curious look. 
Instead of answering, he stood up and walked closer to her. 
Vivian looked at Finnick with a fearful expression. Not knowing what was going through his mind, she became anxious. 
Just as he approached Vivian step by step, she began retreating at the same pace. Unfortunately, the sofa behind her didn’t allow her to back up any further. 
Just when she thought Finnick wouldn’t approach any further, he pinned her under him on the sofa. 
“What’s wrong?” Despite looking dashing not saying a word, Finnick’s expression still made Vivian feel jittery. 
“So, Shane Teslar, huh?” Finnick finally spoke. At the mention of the name, Vivian knew what he was thinking about.
Ohh… he’s jealous. 
He should have said so earlier if that’s the case. Then I wouldn’t have to be so worried about it. 
Now that she was held down by Finnick, she felt guilt surging within her. 
“He’s just someone I’m mentoring.” 
She felt that it was all just about work and there was nothing much to it. 
“Besides, I’m helping you groom talent, so why are you chewing my head off over it?” 
Vivian was spot on as she was doing all this for Finnick’s sake and there was nothing wrong with it. 
“What if I sack him then, hmm?” 
Vivian knew that whenever Finnick was angry, he would end his sentence with a “hmm.” 
It would indicate his anger but he only used it in front of Vivian. The reason being no one else had the luxury to talk back to him whenever he was angry. 
“Don’t, he’s someone with a lot of potentials.” To her, Shane seemed to be even more capable than Paris. 
If Finnick sacked him, it would be his own loss. Vivian tried her best to convince Finnick that there was nothing going on between her and Shane. 
“I heard both of you had lunch together?”
###Chapter 950
Chapter 950 
If Vivian and Shane were working together only as colleagues, Finnick wouldn’t have mind. But I’m sure having lunch together isn’t part of work, is it? 
So why are they even eating lunch together? 
“Erm… that was just a coincidence.” Vivian had no idea how to pacify his jealousy. 
Prior to this, she had never made Finnick jealous before, even during Hunter’s time. But that day, it seemed that Finnick’s jealous side had reared its head. Panicking, Vivian tried her best to explain herself. 
In the middle of doing so, Finnick suddenly stood up and grabbed her by the waist. 
“Alright, I believe you.” Although he still looked upset, the tension on his face had eased significantly. 
“Well, good to hear that you trust me. Don’t worry, I won’t elope with someone else.” 
Vivian was aware of how strong his feelings were for her. Therefore, she would never leave him for a young stud. 
“Mmm-hmm.” Finnick gave Vivian a peck on the lips before letting her settle down for dinner. 
He went upstairs next to get Larry to join them. 
They had arranged for dinner time to coincide with the end of Larry’s classes. Hence, by the time Finnick went upstairs, Larry had finished his homework. 
Despite being together with Benedict, Paris still insisted on teaching Larry. She declared that it was her duty to do so as she had promised to do it.
Since Benedict had no ions, Vivian allowed Paris to continue teaching. 
“Daddy, Mommy, you’re early today.” 
Just as Larry spoke, Vivian glanced at Finnick with an awkward look. She knew the reason Finnick came home early was so that he could question her. 
As for her, it was because she had finished her report and didn’t need to stay back. 
Therefore, both of them did come back earlier than usual. 
“Mmm-hmm, I came home after finishing my work.” Finnick nodded and served Larry some of his favorite dishes. Just like that, dinner was over quickly. 
Meanwhile, Shane met someone on his way home. 
“Mister, please save…” As Evelyn approached Shane, she collapsed right in front of him. 
Her face was dirty while her clothes were a mess. Leaning forward, she even exposed her cleavage intermittently. As someone young who had just started work, Shane was stunned by the sight in front of him. 
“What’s wrong?” Looking at Shane, Evelyn acted sheepishly and didn’t know what to say. It was as if she was terrified. 
However, she gathered her courage after a while. “Do you work at the same magazine company as Vivian does?” Evelyn asked with conviction, causing Shane to gulp. 
He didn’t know why she was asking about his mentor. Does she know Ms. Morrison? It would be wonderful if she did. 
Just when Shane was delighted by that thought, he heard Evelyn’s insidious voice ring out.
“Do you see what I have become? This is all Vivian’s doing!” Shane was stunned by her words. 
Ms. Morrison’s doing? But why? 
Taking a closer look at Evelyn, he didn’t feel that she was lying to him. Given the miserable condition she was in, she didn’t seem to have a reason to do so. 
“What happened?” Shane got the burning question off his chest. Evelyn told him the same version of the story she shared with Rachel. 
Shane felt distraught after Evelyn finished. 
Why did the person I like so much turn out to be so vicious? How could I have put all my feelings into such an unworthy person? 
Now that he knew how fake Vivian was toward her family, Shane felt stupid for even admiring her. 
The more he thought about it the angrier he got. Looking up at Evelyn, his eyes were filled with hatred. When Evelyn saw it, she looked away and smiled smugly to herself. 
After all, she had achieved her ive. Shane was now a pawn that was ripe for manipulation. 
“So, what do you want after telling me all this?” Shane now knew everything about Vivian.
###Chapter 951
Chapter 951 
Why is the woman before me doing all this? 
“Actually… I have always liked you and don’t want you to be fooled.” Evelyn blushed as the words left her mouth. 
Shane’s heart fluttered when he noticed her response. 
Despite his good looks, no one ever pursued him and he could never find a partner. 
This was the first time a girl confessed her feelings to him. Furthermore, she was a beauty. 
In a moment of weakness, Shane’s pity for her gave him the urge to comfort her. 
“Alright, I understand. Thank you. May I know how I should address you?” After speaking for such a long time, Shane still didn’t know her name. 
“Evelyn Morrison.” 
“I’m Shane Teslar.” 
After a pause, he added, “Well. It’s already late. So, you should head home now.” 
“Don’t you want to take revenge on Vivian? After all, she has cheated your feelings.” 
Evelyn could see that Shane was soft-hearted and indecisive. Despite knowing how he had been treated, he didn’t seem to mind it at all. 
“What do you plan to do?” Shane would definitely do something about it, but he still wanted to know what Evelyn’s plan was.
“I was thinking of abducting her son and cause her to be distraught. We won’t harm him, of course. I just want to make her panic for a few days.” 
Evelyn knew that Shane wasn’t cruel enough to harm anyone. Hence, she had to manipulate him into helping her. 
After all, he was Vivian’s colleague and was a great asset to her plan. 
“Alright.” Shane nodded. After getting a cab for Evelyn, he went straight home. 
On the way back, he kept thinking about the kiss he shared with Evelyn. Just reminiscing about it would cause his heart to flutter. 
Nevertheless, he was now going lure Vivian’s son out into the open together with Evelyn. 
The problem was he had never seen her son before. Therefore, they needed an elaborate scheme to extract him. 
Not long after, Evelyn sent Shane a message with instructions on how he was going to do it. 
After reading the message, he thought that the plan was brilliant. They would be able to abduct Vivian’s son without her knowledge. 
Shane even admired Evelyn for coming up with such an elaborate plan. For a lady to draw up such a diabolical plan is amazing indeed. 
In truth, part of it was due to Shane’s lack of exposure to the world. Hence, Evelyn’s scheme easily impressed him. 
The next morning, Vivian greeted Paris as usual. But this time, the newcomer, Shane Teslar, was there as well.
“Good morning.” Shane grinned at Vivian, acting as if he had forgotten what happened yesterday. 
“Morning.” Vivian nodded and began to bury herself in work. 
The company’s employees usually dived straight into work the moment they arrived regardless of what time it was. 
It was a longstanding culture of the company’s. From their perspective, the workday started the moment they stepped into the office. 
Gradually, Shane familiarized himself with his work and no longer needed to ask Vivian any questions. Consequently, Vivian had an easier time as she could then focus on her own work. 
After lunch, Vivian and Paris were chatting. 
“How are things with my brother?” In Vivian’s mind, Benedict was someone that didn’t know how to sweet talk a girl. Hence, she wondered if he had made Paris upset in any way. 
“He treats me well, don’t worry.” 
The moment she heard Benedict’s name, Paris had a blissful look on her face. 
Her response reminded Vivian of how she used to react back then. Her face would light up at the mention of Finnick’s name. It was a sign that she had found her one true love. 
Seeing that on Paris now, Vivian prayed that Benedict and Paris would always be together. That way, everyone would be delighted. 
“That’s wonderful. Since you’re happy together, I shall look forward to your wedding soon,” Vivian teased but stopped there as Paris was already blushing like a tomato.
###Chapter 952
Chapter 952 
After work one afternoon, Paris asked Vivian to give her a ride home as she had to teach Larry that day. 
“Sure.” Vivian nodded. After all, they were heading the same way since she was heading home as well. 
“Ms. Morrison, Paris, are you talking about Larry?” Shane knew that Vivian’s son was named Larry. 
Since they were colleagues, it was natural for him to hear the name mentioned many times in the office. 
“Yes.” Paris nodded while looking at Shane, wondering what it was he wanted. 
Paris wasn’t close to Shane despite both of them being Vivian’s mentees. For some inexplicable reason, she just didn’t like him. 
“Erm… If it’s alright with you, I would like to see him too.” 
Shane felt that it was the perfect opportunity. Otherwise, at the rate he was going, there was no way for him to execute Evelyn’s plan. 
Just the other day, he met up with Evelyn again. Evelyn was dressed beautifully and didn’t look as miserable as the previous night. 
The sight of her beauty caused Shane’s heart to race. 
“I just want to spend my life happily with you. However, as long as Vivian is around, I will never ever have peace.” 
Evelyn’s declaration of love for him was seared into Shane’s mind.
Therefore, he decided to help Evelyn so that he could live the dream she promised him. 
In truth, Shane had asked Evelyn why she wanted to seek revenge on Vivian, to which she replied, “Her husband was my first love.” 
Having heard her response, Shane was outraged as if something that belonged to him was taken away. 
Back to the present, Shane was giving Vivian a pleading look as his eyes were filled with anticipation, making it difficult for her to refuse. 
While she was still wondering if Finnick would be angry if she brought Shane home, Shane had already followed both of them into the car. 
Having no other choice, Vivian prayed that Finnick would not lose his temper when they got home. That would be for the best. 
“Ms. Morrison, where is your house?” Shane asked as the surroundings seemed unfamiliar to him. After all, he had never been there before. 
“Evergreen Estate.” Shane was shocked when Vivian told him the address. 
Given that it was a luxurious residential estate filled with villas, he obviously had only heard of it and never visited. 
“I didn’t expect your family to be so rich, Ms. Morrison.” Paris couldn’t help but shake her head at Shane’s comment. 
She wanted to teach him that it was more important to have a good attitude than to be rich.
However, saying something like that would just put Vivian in an awkward position. Therefore, she chose to bite her tongue instead. 
Soon, they arrived at Vivian’s home. When Vivian was parking her car, she had mixed feelings when she didn’t see Finnick’s car. 
In truth, there was no need for her to try and hide as there really was nothing going on between Shane and her. 
However, because she was worried that Finnick would misunderstand, she still hoped that he wasn’t around. As she struggled with herself, she regretted bringing Shane to her house. 
But now that he was already here, she didn’t know how to explain it. 
Since there was no point crying over spilled milk, she decided she would have to pacify Finnick later at night. 
“Do come in.” Vivian pushed open the door for them to enter when she saw Paris and Shane standing outside. 
While serving them drinks as the host, she saw Paris and Shane chatting with Larry. When she saw how happy Shane was interacting with Larry, she figured that he really liked children and that was the reason why he wanted to tag along. 
With that thought in mind, she sat down on the sofa and watched as the three of them play. 
As it was Larry’s break time from class, they were left with only ten minutes time to chat. 
However, since the next class was handled by Paris and Shane was still there, Vivian decided to cancel the class.
“Mommy, this is…” After playing for some time, Larry realized he didn’t know who Shane was. 
“This is my colleague, Shane,” she introduced Shane to Larry and vice versa.
###Chapter 953
Chapter 953 
When Shane learned that Larry was doing high school work despite the fact that he was only eight, he was utterly shocked. 
Is he a genius? Vivian is already someone who is extremely smart. Does this mean that her son is even smarter than her? 
Is this a sign of one generation outperforming the previous one? 
After playing with Shane for a while, Larry started to enjoy his company. 
As they continued playing, Shane had doubts over whether Vivian was a vicious person given how happy her family was. 
Hence, he grew suspicious of what Evelyn had told him. Besides, given how much Larry liked him, he began to feel reluctant to kidnap him. 
“Mr. Teslar, what’s wrong?” Seeing Shane staring blankly, Larry thought that the man wasn’t feeling well. 
“What is it?” Vivian asked out of concern as she too had noticed how strange Shane was acting. 
When he saw the worried look on Vivian and Larry’s faces, he hesitated. He began to wonder if kidnapping Larry to cause Vivian distress was a good idea. 
After all, Vivian had helped him a lot at work and cared for him at a personal level. No matter how he looked at it, she didn’t seem like the evil person Evelyn had made her out to be.
“Oh, it’s nothing.” He had just spaced out for a moment and yet both mother and son duo showed their concern for him. 
He was now at a loss on what to do. 
“Good to hear that you’re fine.” Vivian nodded. She was worried about him when she saw his face turn pale. 
As the sky began to darken, Shane decided to take his leave. 
That night, he went to see Evelyn. 
“Are you sure you’re telling me the truth?” Shane still couldn’t believe the lady he used to have a crush on was such a vicious person. 
“What else can it be? What do I have to gain by lying to you?” Evelyn stared at Shane. What’s with the change of heart? Did someone brainwashed him or something? 
Why is his tone so different today? 
“But… I don’t think someone as kind as Ms. Morrison will do all those things that you accuse her of.” Looking at Evelyn, Shane was observing whether the woman before him was lying. 
Unfortunately, he wasn’t able to catch anything. 
“Do you actually believe that I’m lying to you?” Evelyn stared at Shane, pretending to be angry. 
Not wanting to anger her further, Shane had no choice but to trust her. 
“What happened to you today?” Evelyn enquired in a sweet voice as she held his arm and leaned closer.
“I went to Ms. Morrison’s house and saw Larry.” Just when Shane was still thinking about how to lure Larry out, Evelyn had laid out her plan. 
“Tomorrow, use Vivian’s phone and send the maid a message, telling her that you will be coming to pick him up. After that, you will go ahead and do so.” 
Evelyn’s plan was long ready and she was just waiting for Shane to execute it. 
“Okay.” As he had just joined the workforce, Shane was still naive about the insidiousness of others. 
All he wanted was to make Evelyn happy and be together with her. That was all he needed to be satisfied. It had never occurred to him that he would lose his job if he did this. 
“Alright, go home now.” After a hug, he bid Evelyn goodbye. 
By the time Evelyn returned to the nursing home, Rachel had fallen asleep. However, she was roused by Evelyn turning on the light. 
Given her advanced age, she was a light sleeper. Hence, it was normal for her to be woken up by Evelyn’s movements. 
“Evelyn, why are you back so late?” Rachel had wanted to stay up and wait for Evelyn but fell asleep out of exhaustion. 
Checking the time, she realized it was the middle of the night. Usually, she would never come back so late… 
“I just went out with some friends.” Evelyn nodded and prepared her bed for sleep. 
“By the way, I will hide Larry somewhere Vivian won’t be able to find. I want to cause her distress for a few days. You must remember to keep this a secret, okay?”
Evelyn suddenly remembered that she had to remind Rachel or else her plan would fail if Rachel had a slip of tongue.
###Chapter 954
Chapter 954 
“Why?” Rachel was curious as to why Evelyn had to hide Larry and wanted her to keep it a secret. 
“Because, when Vivian goes around looking for him, you will think of me first and let it slip.” 
In truth, Evelyn was meticulous in her plans. Or else, she wouldn’t have escaped arrest after committing so many crimes. 
“Alright. Remember to send the boy back after a few days. And make sure he has enough food and water during the period you’re keeping him.” Rachel recalled how polite and adorable Larry was when he visited her. 
The thought that Larry was about to be kidnapped by her own daughter saddened her. 
“Why? Are you worried?” Evelyn stopped packing her things and glared at Rachel. Is Rachel reacting this way because she feels bad? She had no qualms about this previously. Could it be that she has a soft spot for Vivian now after her last visit? 
“Have you forgotten about everything Vivian has done to me?” Evelyn added, worried that Rachel would forget. 
Having heard Evelyn’s words, Rachel reminded herself that she couldn’t forgive the humiliation Evelyn suffered. She had to pay back Vivian two-fold for what she did to Evelyn. 
Seeing how Rachel’s focus was back on track, Evelyn nodded and went to sleep. 
Meanwhile, after Shane left, Paris decided it was time for her to leave as well.
“It’s already late. Why don’t I get my brother to pick you up?” Just as Vivian spoke, she called Benedict before Paris could agree. 
“Ben, your wife’s at my place. Come and pick her up.” After hearing a grunt of acknowledgment, Vivian ended the call and looked at Paris. 
At the mention of the word “wife,” Paris blushed immediately. 
And when Vivian looked at her, her blush intensified. 
Averting her eyes, she buried herself in her phone. Vivian obviously knew what Paris was doing. Hence, she instructed the maid to prepare some of Benedict and Paris’ favorite food. 
As night had fallen, she wanted both of them to have dinner before heading home. After all, eating late would be bad for their digestion. Paris didn’t say a word and implicitly complied. 
Soon, Finnick returned home and nodded at Paris when he saw her sitting on the sofa. 
Prior to this, there was no need for him to acknowledge her. But now that she was his brother-in-law’s girlfriend, it was only polite for him to do so. 
With both of them settling down on the sofa, Paris watched as the lovebirds began to display their affection for each other. In her heart, she prayed hard for Benedict to come quickly as she felt awkward being the third wheel. 
Just as she wished, Benedict arrived soon after Finnick. 
Vivian and Finnick sat on the sofa, looking at Benedict. 
“Ben.” 
“Ben.”
Both of them greeted him respectively to which he nodded. Benedict then glanced at Paris before sitting right next to her. 
“What brings you here?” He remembered that she should have just left work and wasn’t supposed to be there. 
Why is she here? Were both the ladies chatting? 
“I still needed to teach Larry, that’s why I was late,” Paris replied sweetly. 
Paris always had a classical vibe to her and spoke in a gentle manner, which was pleasing to Benedict’s ears. 
“Alright, alright. I know you still need to give him his lessons. Finnick, I think it’s time for you to give her a raise,” Benedict quipped. 
Usually, it was Vivian that took advantage of Finnick. But now, Benedict felt that it was his turn to do so and was delighted by the thought. 
“Sure.” Finnick nodded. After all, a pay raise wasn’t a big deal when it came to the filthy rich Norton family. 
Although Finnick didn’t mind, someone else did. 
“What? Why?” Vivian shot Finnick a glance before she took his wallet out from his pocket and hugged it tightly as if she was protecting it. 
Paris almost burst out in laughter when she saw Vivian’s response. It was the first time she saw this side of Vivian and found it to be hilarious. However, because she was in Finnick’s presence, she smiled slightly instead.
“Why not?” Benedict retorted. 
“Paris volunteered to teach Larry. It’s not like I didn’t force her to do it.” Vivian smiled at Paris as she laid out the facts.
###Chapter 955
Chapter 955 
“In that case, shouldn’t you pay her more?” 
“You really do know how to take advantage of me, huh?” 
Just when Vivian was about to continue, Finnick cut her off. 
“Ben, you and… Paris should join us for dinner.” Not knowing how to address Paris, Finnick decided to address her the same way as Vivian. 
When Vivian noticed his pause, she couldn’t help but feel amused. It was the first time she saw such an adorable side to him. 
As Benedict led Paris to the table, Vivian and Finnick sat opposite them. Larry was also asked to join them for dinner. 
It was the first time the five of them sat down together for dinner and the atmosphere was different from the jovial vibe earlier. 
In contrast, there was a familial warmth to it and Vivian relished in that feeling. 
“Paris, try this.” Benedict chose Paris’ favorite dish and served her some of it. 
“What are you looking at? You should get your own husband to serve you if you want some.” Benedict noticed Vivian giving him an indecipherable look. 
“I must say, Ben, since when did you learn how to take care of someone?” Vivian wasn’t interested in the food. Instead, she just wanted to tease Benedict.
Vivian was happy for her brother but it didn’t stop her from joking at his expense. All Benedict did was gave her a side-eye before going back to his food. 
After dinner was done, it was time for them to go. By the time Benedict dropped Paris off at her house and returned home, it was already very late. 
After tucking Larry in, Vivian and Finnick retired to their bedroom. 
“Erm…” Vivian wanted to tell Finnick about Shane’s visit earlier. But since Finnick didn’t bring it up, she was tempted to keep quiet about it. 
“What is it?” 
Unaware of what Vivian wanted to say, Finnick turned around and gave her his attention. 
“Well, Shane came to our house today. Are you… angry about it?” Vivian felt that it was better to tell him since she had nothing to hide. 
“I’m alright. Since you said that there’s nothing going on between the two of you, there’s no need for me to speculate blindly.” 
Smiling gently, Finnick walked over to her to caress her face before both of them went to bed. 
The next morning, Vivian didn’t see Shane in the office. 
Curious, she asked Paris, who was sitting next to her, “Where did Shane go?” 
“I have no idea.” 
Vivian knew that Paris disliked Shane and didn’t expect to get more out of her.
As such, she nodded and buried herself in work. It wasn’t until lunchtime that she received a call from home. 
“Mrs. Norton, Larry has a hundred in his pocket. Please make sure he doesn’t lose it.” 
“What? Larry isn’t home?” 
“Didn’t you pick him up, Mrs. Norton?” 
“No, I didn’t.” At that moment, there was only one thing flashing in her mind. Larry has disappeared! She almost broke down at that thought. However, she knew she had to stay strong as now wasn’t the time for it. 
“Describe to me what happened,” Vivian ordered, unable to hide the anxiety in her tone. 
“This morning, Mr. Teslar came over to pick Larry up. After reading the message you sent, I agree to let Larry go with him,” the housemaid replied as if there was nothing wrong with it. 
“However, I just remembered that Larry has some money in his pocket, so I called to remind you.” 
Hearing that, Vivian realized that it was Shane who took Larry. Where is he taking him? What is his agenda? Why is he doing this? 
A jumble of questions flashed across her mind, but she couldn’t find an answer to them. 
After ending the call, she tried calling Shane’s phone only to find that he had turned it off. 
Feeling anxious, she had no choice but to call Finnick. Finnick was outraged by the news. He never liked Shane from the beginning, so when he heard that the man had the audacity to harm his family, he was utterly infuriated.
###Chapter 956
Chapter 956 
Finnick mobilized all his contacts to look for Larry and Shane. At the same time, he went to see Vivian as he knew that she must be feeling devastated. He was aware that she needed him by her side at this very moment. 
Meanwhile, Vivian was desperately trying to make phone calls when she saw Finnick coming for her. Hugging her tightly in his arms, he gently reassured her. 
“Don’t worry, Larry will be fine. Nothing will happen to him.” 
While Vivian and Finnick were worried sick, Larry was chatting with Shane in a cab. 
“Mr. Teslar, where are you taking me?” Shane had told him that he was taking him to see Vivian. However, Larry wondered why they weren’t traveling in the direction of Vivian’s office. 
“Your mommy’s with Granny. So, we are going over to Granny’s,” Shane explained with a smile. 
Looking out the window, Larry could recognize that they were indeed on the way to the nursing home, as he had been there once before. It was part of Evelyn’s plan to have Larry brought to Rachel, which would make things easier. 
Now that Larry was on the way to see Rachel, everything was going according to plan. For some reason, Shane began to feel guilty deep down. 
However, given that the deed was done, he realized there was no point crying over spilled milk. 
Meanwhile, when Vivian saw that her phone was low on battery, she got her charger from her desk and charged her phone in the pantry.
Although Larry had disappeared, she didn’t want to disrupt others from working. 
After all, she didn’t want the matter to be publicized and suffer the stares of others. 
Finnick watched over her the whole time, worried that something might happen to her. 
Riding in the car with Shane, Larry noticed that they were about to arrive at the nursing home. 
After chatting for a while longer, they arrived before they knew it. 
Shane realized that Larry was mature for his age and didn’t act like an eight-year-old at all. 
But I guess that doesn’t matter. In the end, he was still kidnapped by us… 
“Quick, bring him in.” 
Evelyn was standing by the door, looking at Larry. She was feeling troubled. 
The moment Larry saw Evelyn, he felt a chill down his spine. 
Staring at her, he found her familiar but couldn’t remember where he knew her from. 
Just when he was about to ask, Shane led him into the building. 
“Ms. Rachel,” Shane greeted Rachel as it was the first time he met her before turning his attention to Evelyn. 
“Are you sure you want to do this?” Rachel looked at Larry and recalled how he and Vivian chatted with her the other day. 
With no room to back out, all she could do was ask both of them if they were sure of their decision.
“It’s too late for regrets now.” Evelyn wanted to squash that thought in Rachel’s mind. 
“Larry, don’t blame us for doing this. If there’s anyone you should blame, it would be your unscrupulous mother.” Evelyn grabbed the boy by the collar and glared viciously at him. 
Evelyn refused to address Larry by his full name. As in her mind, Larry and his mother were not part of the Norton family. 
She only let him go when she realized his feet were almost lifted off the ground. 
Watching what was unfolding before him, Larry finally realized he was in grave danger and that his parents didn’t know where he was. 
Initially, Larry was thinking about how to escape. But when he heard Evelyn’s comment about his mother, rage bubbled up within him. 
“How dare you accuse my mom of being unscrupulous? You’re the unscrupulous one here! After losing out to her over my daddy, you kidnap me instead. Your methods are really shameless.” 
Larry didn’t know who Evelyn was until she addressed Rachel as “Mom.” 
It was only then that it occurred to him that he had seen her before on the security feed when Evelyn disappeared from the hospital. 
Although it wasn’t very clear, the same scene kept replaying in his head, to the extent that he suddenly felt Evelyn was someone very familiar.
###Chapter 957
Chapter 957 
Slap! Evelyn couldn’t help but gave Larry a slap, causing a big red palm mark to appear on his face. 
Despite the burning sensation he felt, Larry didn’t even make a sound. He knew that this was a matter of pride. 
Rachel was shaken to her core when she saw the boy being slapped. She didn’t expect to see her gentle daughter act so cruelly. 
“Enough, Evelyn, stop hitting him.” Shane couldn’t stand it as he felt the slap would be painful even for an adult, let alone an eight-year-old kid. 
“If you feel bad, you can wait outside.” Evelyn glared at him. Now that she had no further use for him, there was no need for her to maintain her act. 
Seeing that she was angry, all Shane could do was to remind her, “You should hide Larry someplace difficult to find. Otherwise, if they find him…” 
Although his words made sense, Evelyn had other plans in mind. 
She instructed Shane to take Larry someplace far away from the nursing home. 
That way, they wouldn’t be easily found. 
“Won’t there be a lot of insects here at night?” Shane stared at the spot in front of him which was filled with undergrowth. 
There would usually be pythons or other sorts of insects hiding in places such as this.
Shane shuddered just thinking about it. He had been afraid of insects ever since he was a child. As an adult, his fear for them had intensified. 
“If you have no guts, you can go home first.” Evelyn was speechless as she stared at the cowardly man in front of her. 
By now, she had no feelings whatsoever for him. Evelyn was someone who was willing to do anything to achieve her goals. The moment she was done using someone, she would then cast that person aside. 
Initially, she had planned to groom Shane further. But after observing his reaction, she dropped the idea entirely. 
Nevertheless, Shane still decided to follow Evelyn inside because he was worried about her. Even though she was treating him like dirt, he simply assumed that she was in a bad mood. 
Ignoring him, Evelyn headed straight in. 
After scanning her surroundings, Evelyn stopped in her tracks. Shane put Larry gently onto the ground and looked around. 
He was certain that there would be tons of insects at night. 
Evelyn will definitely not be staying here. That means Larry will be… 
Shane tried to shake the thoughts out of his head. He chose not to protest any further as he was worried about angering Evelyn again. 
“What do you think about the place?” Evelyn was feeling smug about the place she had chosen. Taking a look, Shane saw a tall building in front of him. It wasn’t too tall, but it was there in case they needed it.
After scanning his surroundings, he replied with a nod, “It’s good.” 
“It’s a waste of time asking for your opinion.” Evelyn had wanted to hear him praise her. But all she got was a monosyllabic answer. 
Feeling upset, she gave Shane a side-eye before preparing to leave. Shane looked at Evelyn who was walking away before turning his attention to Larry. He then used the rope he had prepared to tie Larry up. All their efforts would be for naught if the boy escaped. 
After Evelyn had walked some distance away, he looked sympathetically at Larry whom he had knocked unconscious. When he thought back to how happy Larry was playing with him, he began to have second thoughts. 
However, he steeled himself in the end and chose to leave Larry there. With that, he followed Evelyn out of the area. 
As of now, Evelyn could no longer stay with Rachel. She was worried that Vivian would find her there in her search for Larry. 
Hence, Shane invited her to spend the night at his place and he would sleep on the sofa instead. Having no other choice, Evelyn nodded reluctantly and went with him. 
As for Rachel, she was left lying in bed alone in the nursing home.
###Chapter 958
Chapter 958 
When Vivian still couldn’t find Larry, she was utterly distraught. Hence, she and Finnick found Shane’s address from the company’s registry and headed over together. 
Although there was still a lot of work outstanding at the company, he was more worried about Vivian. 
“Let’s go.” Finnick started driving the moment Vivian got in. 
As Shane’s home was close to the office, they arrived there quickly. 
When they were at the door, they found it to be locked. 
Finnick began kicking the door with all his might. After three forceful kicks, he busted the door open. 
Because Shane’s apartment wasn’t expensive, the door wasn’t strong and was easily broken down. Looking inside, Vivian was devastated to find that the whole place had been cleared out. All that was left was an empty home. 
They had wasted a lot of time with nothing to show for it. 
Just when Vivian wanted to check the room, a middle-aged woman walked in. 
“What are you doing? How can you charge into someone’s home by destroying their door? What you’re doing is illegal.” 
It appeared that the woman was the owner of the apartment. She started berating them when she saw them barging in. 
Finnick was stunned as it was the first time he was being yelled at by a middle-aged woman.
As for Vivian, she approached the woman before stuffing some money into her hands, and gave her an apologetic look. 
“Ma’am, I hope you won’t mind about this. I’m just doing this because I’ve lost my son.” 
The moment the woman saw the money, she beamed with joy. 
Sure, whatever you say. Please, go ahead.” 
Given the look on the woman’s face, Vivian felt that there definitely wasn’t anything fishy inside. Or else she wouldn’t have let them in so easily. 
It wasn’t until they had left that whispers were heard from the room. 
“Let me see if they have gone.” Just when Shane was preparing to go out and check, Evelyn stopped him. 
“They are really sly, what if they’re waiting for us outside?” 
Just like that, both of them maintained their stance and didn’t move a muscle. 
“Where do you think they could have gone?” 
Finnick had no idea despite racking his brains. 
However, Vivian suddenly thought of a place. The nursing home! 
“Let’s go to the nursing home.” Right after she spoke, they hurried into the car and drove there. They had to find Larry by today. Or else, he would definitely be in grave danger. 
Even though Finnick was driving as fast as he could, Vivian was still filled with anxiety. Before she knew it, they had arrived at the nursing home’s entrance.
Seeing how Vivian stumbled out of the car, Finnick hurried over anxiously and supported her. 
“Slow down.” Just as he spoke, Vivian dashed toward Rachel’s room. 
Finnick followed closely behind. When Vivian saw Rachel lying in her bed, she stared into her eyes hoping to find a clue. 
However, she didn’t manage to see anything. 
“Did you see Larry?” Vivian asked while Finnick was observing the elder woman’s expression closely. 
“No, I didn’t.” Rachel shook her head without any hesitation. 
“She’s lying,” Finnick whispered to Vivian, who nodded in response. 
He then stepped forward, found a piece of strong rope, and tied Rachel up with it. 
“Have you decided to abandon me now that your precious daughter has returned? To think you would even dare to harm Larry…” Vivian glared at Rachel as she spoke; her voice laced with a self- deprecating tone. 
She was mocking herself for being a fool. She had planned to treat Rachel well but never thought that blood would always be thicker than water. 
Feeling devastated, she threatened Rachel, “Call Evelyn now and get her to rescue you. Or else, how long do you think you can survive without your medication?” 
Vivian gave Rachel a vicious glare. She was sure that Evelyn had returned because of that bed. 
The quilt cover had been changed to blue because Evelyn was worried that Rachel would dirty it. Also, all the health supplements were nowhere to be seen.
###Chapter 959
Chapter 959 
Rachel would never throw them away. Hence, it could only be Evelyn. Vivian snorted as she looked at Rachel. 
“Since you love your daughter so much. Let us see how much she loves you then.” 
Vivian gritted her teeth as she spoke, a clear indication of how upset she was. 
“Vivian, don’t forget that I raised you.” 
“So what if you did? You switched me at birth and caused me to suffer through all those years. Have you forgotten about that?” Even at this time, how can she still have the gall to claim that I’m in her debt simply because she raised me? 
Vivian responded with a snigger before getting Rachel to make the call. As she began to worry about her own situation, Rachel looked at Vivian and wondered what was on her mind. 
Since Vivian wasn’t in a hurry, she returned Rachel’s gaze and wondered the same thing. 
After hesitating for a while, Rachel finally decided to make the call. 
For starters, she still wanted to live. Secondly, she was actually interested to find out what Evelyn’s true attitude toward her was. Lastly, she was genuinely concerned about Larry. 
After a few rings, the call was disconnected without anyone answering. Vivian furrowed her brows when Rachel looked at her, given that she could no longer blame her now. 
Does Evelyn not plan to pick up even if Rachel was the one calling? Vivian couldn’t help but sneer in response. Looking at Finnick, she asked him what their next step was.
Finnick nodded and untied Rachel. After that, he led Vivian out and left. 
“Hey, why aren’t you punishing Rachel?” Vivian was desperate to find her son and would not let any sliver of opportunity go. 
However, she couldn’t guess what Finnick was thinking when he pulled her out of the room. 
“When Evelyn ended the call earlier, she had inadvertently left us a way to track her down. We can use hackers to trace her IP address.” 
With that thought in mind, Finnick called his company and quickly assembled some men to trace the call. 
Vivian went with Finnick to search nearby, but they didn’t find anything at all. Therefore, both of them headed to the company and waited for their men to trace Evelyn’s IP address. This was the only way they could locate Evelyn. 
If they could find her, they would also be able to find Larry. This was a fact that Vivian was sure of. 
When she tried to call Evelyn with other numbers, the calls were all disconnected. 
Despite feeling anxious, Vivian was aware that there was no use worrying. All she could do was wait there together with Finnick. As the company employees were extremely competent, they quickly found the address. 
The location wasn’t far away, it was somewhere they had passed by on the way here. Therefore, they rushed there immediately hoping to save Larry as soon as possible. 
However, on their way there, they were stopped by a police car. Someone had made a police report that Finnick was involved in illegal activities. Hence, the police were there to arrest him.
Vivian was troubled. Why do all these things always happen at the same time? 
“Go with them. I’ll save Larry.” 
Seeing Vivian driving away, Finnick was filled with anxiety. However, since he couldn’t attack the police, he had no choice but to wait in the patrol car and hope that the police would release him quickly. 
It wasn’t until nightfall that Larry’s location was finally found. 
Although the place was secluded, Vivian thought that it was perfect for teaching them a lesson. This time, she decided to deal with them once and for all. 
She steeled her heart as she knew that she had to show them no mercy. When she saw that she was nearing her destination, she prepared herself mentally. 
She was almost there when Vivian realized the path ahead would not allow a car to pass through. Hence, she got out of the car and continued on foot. 
Meanwhile, after Finnick was brought to the police station, they realized that they had got the wrong person after verifying his identity in detail. 
After knowing that fact, Finnick had the urge to punch all the officers there. Is this how incompetent the police have become?
###Chapter 960
Chapter 960 
After throwing them an angry glance, Finnick got into a cab and hastened after Vivian. I hope Vivian will be safe and able to rescue Larry without a hitch! 
Despite having such a thought, he still felt a little uneasy. The situation will be more manageable if Evelyn is alone there, but it will be otherwise with Shane being around. 
If they get into a fight, Vivian is no match for them! 
“Mister, please speed up!” Finnick grew anxious while the cab was moving at a snail’s pace. 
Right away, the vehicle accelerated as the driver sensed the anxiety in his tone. Still, it could not keep up with his desired speed. Meanwhile, Vivian was approaching the building. The surroundings were dingy and damp, and there were some bugs flying around. 
She accidentally kicked a stone, causing the bugs underneath the stone to rush out. 
Aah! Vivian jumped up in fright. Yet, thinking about Larry, she plucked up the courage to move forward and enter the building. Evelyn had expected Vivian to discover that place, but she did not foresee the latter would get there so soon. Slap! When Vivian went inside, she heard a slap. 
Oh Gosh! Did she just slap little pumpkin? It must be! 
Uneasiness flickered in Vivian’s eyes, and she ran forward hurriedly. Soon, both Evelyn and Larry came into sight. Evelyn was pinching Larry’s cheek while her gaze was so vicious that it horrified Vivian. 
What has she gone through? Why does she hate us so much? She must have suffered a lot to have eyes that hold a look of implacable hatred!
However, time did not allow Vivian to ponder over that question further. She could only rush toward Larry to untie and rescue him. 
“Don’t come over!” Evelyn had been there since morning and was getting agitated when she saw Vivian approaching. Much to her appeasement, Vivian looked anxious and frightened. The more she worried about her son, the happier Evelyn was. 
Contentment filled Evelyn’s heart, and she could barely conceal her delight. 
Immediately, she pressed a knife against Larry’s neck. Upon seeing that, Vivian dared not act rashly for fear that Evelyn would cut his throat. 
She was full of fear, panic, and anxiety when her son was being tortured. I don’t deserve to be his mom! 
“Little pumpkin, wake up! Look at me!” With a sense of foreboding, Vivian shouted when she saw Larry remained silent with his eyes closed. 
Did they kill little pumpkin? 
Staring at her son, she could feel nothing but blind terror. 
Suddenly, Larry raised his head to look at Vivian. “Mommy, I’m scared!” 
Upon hearing that, she burst into tears. He has always been a strong boy, but now he is in fear. 
Quickly, Vivian wiped her tears away and looked at Larry, trying to reassure him. “Little pumpkin, don’t worry! I’ll save you!” 
“Humph! If you want to save your son, then you’ll have to sacrifice yourself!” After listening to their conversation, Evelyn immediately seized the chance to get rid of Vivian. She then glanced at Shane,
signaling him to kill Vivian. 
However, Shane felt strange. Aren’t we just trying to scare Vivian? Why are we taking her life now? 
He refused to do so. Noticing his timid look, Evelyn regretted getting the wrong person to help her. 
She had no choice but to throw the knife onto the ground, and it landed right next to Vivian’s feet. Looking at Vivian, she said mercilessly, “You saw the knife, huh? Kill yourself if you want to save your son!” 
After she finished her words, she let Vivian make her own decision. Staring at the knife on the ground, a lot of things popped up in Vivian’s mind—her past with Finnick—living with her son by themselves when Finnich was not in the picture, and the image of Finnick playing happily with Larry. 
Thinking about all those memories, her eyes reddened and brimmed with tears. However, Vivian did not want to cry before her enemy, so she looked up at the sky, trying to choke back her tears. She then shot Shane and Evelyn an icy glare. 
“Shane Teslar, I’ve treated you fairly well all this while, but you’re turning against me now! I’ve trusted the wrong person!” 
“Evelyn Morrison, you’ll be punished for your evil deeds. You won’t have a good life! I just hope you keep your promise and release my son after I die!” 
Little pumpkin is the only child between Finnick and me. I won’t abandon him. Nor can I!
###Chapter 961
Chapter 961 
Looking at Larry, who was held hostage by Evelyn and on the brink of death, Vivian’s heart clenched and she was bleeding at the sight of how much Larry had suffered. 
At that moment, no one could come to their rescue. She was the only one who could rescue Larry. 
“Ms. Morrison, I…” After hearing Vivian’s words, Shane felt guilty and tried to explain to her that he was deceived by Evelyn and had no intention to harm them. He had nothing but regrets now. 
“Don’t talk to me!” Vivian stopped him. 
“Don’t worry! I’ll keep my promise!” Evelyn interrupted them, as she wanted Vivian to kill herself immediately so that her wish could be fulfilled. 
Finally, I can get back together with Finnick after this woman is dead! 
Well, as for Larry, I’ll dump him somewhere after his mother’s death! When thinking about those and looking at Vivian, Evelyn’s eyes sparkled with anticipation. Meanwhile, Vivian glanced at Larry and was relieved after ensuring that he had fainted. 
Phew! I can’t let little pumpkin see me lying in a pool of blood! He will be traumatized! 
“Hurry up! Kill yourself! After this, our score will be settled!” Evelyn grew anxious as Vivian was dawdling. 
Is she trying to buy time while waiting for Finnick to come and rescue her? 
But, he didn’t come this time. Something is off! Nevertheless, Evelyn stopped overthinking and watched Vivian raising her hand slowly.
Meanwhile, Finnick was almost there. In fact, he was just five minutes away. 
Thinking about Vivian and Larry, panic surged through him and a deep sense of uneasiness held him rigid. How’s the situation over there? 
At last, Vivian raised her hand and slashed her wrist. She then looked toward Evelyn. 
“Look, can you let go of Larry now?” Even though Vivian was going to die soon, she was still worried about her son. 
“Hahaha! I will!” Evelyn raised her head and burst out laughing. 
Looking at the blood dripping from Vivian’s wrist, she felt everything was beautiful. 
Much to her relief, the things that she had been looking forward to would be materialized soon. Shortly, Vivian’s blood covered the ground, and part of it was already dry. Her lips turned pale, and she was on the brink of death. 
Upon seeing that, excitement swelled within Evelyn, whereas Shane felt a flash of terror and squeezed his eyes shut. It was his first time witnessing such a cruel scene. Eventually, he could not help but throw up. 
Vivian’s wrist was still bleeding, and Shane wanted to pull Evelyn away. Suddenly, there was a car approaching the building. Evelyn guessed Finnick had arrived, so she quickly took Larry away. 
At that moment, the dying Vivian realized Evelyn had fooled her. Immediately, she stretched her hand, trying to grab Evelyn, but she was too weak and collapsed. 
The blood was still dripping from her wrist.
“Vivian! Vivian!” Finnick arrived in time. He was in a complete state of panic when he saw her wrist bleeding. Finnick had never seen Vivian lying in a pool of blood, and her lips had gone pale. 
“Hurry up! Rescue little pumpkin!” Spending the last ounce of energy, Vivian pointed in the direction where Evelyn left. Then, she fainted. 
“Vivian, wake up!” Finnick panicked. 
Should I save Vivian or go after Evelyn and rescue Larry? But… Vivian is going to die if I don’t save her now! 
Glancing in the direction where Larry had left, a trace of guilt flashed in his eyes. Finnick then carried Vivian and left. 
Meanwhile, Evelyn brought Larry to somewhere safe and hid him there. Apart from providing him with daily meals, she did not care about him and left him there alone. 
When Larry woke up and realized he was still held captive, he continued waiting for his mother to rescue him. 
Mommy said she would rescue me! 
After leaving that place, Finnick sent Vivian to the hospital immediately. She was still in the emergency room and needed a blood transfusion urgently due to excessive blood loss. Fortunately, they got the blood that was compatible with her blood type in the hospital. While having the blood transfusion, the doctor performed surgery on her. Finnick waited outside of the emergency room for quite some time. Meanwhile, he sent someone to look for Larry. He was left with endless waiting and anticipation…
###Chapter 962
Chapter 962 
Still, there was no news of Larry after such a long time. It was until Vivian came out of the emergency room that Finnick stopped thinking about their son for the time being. For him, his wife was far more important than his son. 
Vivian was still unconscious. While looking at her face, the feeling of hatred toward Evelyn grew inside Finnick. It’s all Evelyn’s fault! Of course, it was partly my fault too! I was too gullible and didn’t sever our relationship tactfully and have a clean cut with her. 
When thinking about that, Finnick immediately got a group of people to search for Evelyn and ordered them to capture her. He even approached the private investigator to look for her. I don’t think she is so capable that she can escape from all of them! 
While having such a thought, Finnick walked toward the bed and sat next to Vivian, staring at her. 
He finally realized how she felt when he was lying on the hospital bed last time. 
She must be sad and hoping for the best. 
Finnick stayed by Vivian’s side every day while she remained unconscious. 
At the same time, there was a lot of work to be handled by him in the company. In the end, he shifted his workstation to the hospital so that he could take care of her and be the first one to know when she awoke. 
During that period, there were many occasions when Finnick worried that Vivian would not wake up. Still, he stayed by her side.
“Mr. Norton!” After Noah knocked on the door, he looked at Finnick and seemed to have something to say. 
“Yes?” Finnick blinked and rubbed his tired eyes. Then, he looked toward Noah. 
“We’ve got some clues. I believe we will find her soon!” Noah tried to motivate Finnick as the latter had been feeling down recently. 
“Alright, I got it!” 
Though Noah had left Finnick, he wanted to help out for the couple’s sake while everyone was busy. 
He had been helping to look for Evelyn and Larry. After being busy for such a long period, they finally got some clues. At least, all their hard work paid off. During that period, Benedict and Paris visited Vivian several times. However, she remained unconscious when they visited her. 
Benedict remarked that there were so many hardships in Vivian’s life and she never had a peaceful life since birth. 
He even said that she could only surrender to her fate. Upon hearing his remark, Finnick nodded in response and stared at Vivian affectionately. 
One day, someone whispered, “Finnick!” 
Having a sharp hearing, Finnick heard the soft voice. 
Immediately, he rushed toward the bed and realized that Vivian had opened her eyes. 
“I’m here. Vivian, you are finally awake!” 
Finnick was so excited that tears welled up in his eyes and streamed down his cheek. That was the second time he shed tears before Vivian.
In fact, Finnick thought about giving up on her and even himself. But then, seeing that Vivian had awoken, he felt that all the waiting was worthwhile. At least, it was not a vain attempt. 
Finally, no more waiting! Even the doctor had previously informed that it was difficult for Vivian to awake. Despite that, a miracle happened. 
Thank goodness, she is awake! 
“How long have I been unconscious?” Staring at Finnick who was bursting with excitement, Vivian caressed his cheek and wiped away his tears while affection gleamed in her eyes. Her voice became extremely hoarse after a long sleep. 
Immediately, he poured her a glass of warm water and waited for her to empty it before he responded to her words. 
Finnick took the glass from her and looked at her, wondering if he should tell her the truth. 
She has just woken up. What if she couldn’t take it? 
Nevertheless, he answered, “Eight days.” 
It had been eight days. Finnick stayed by her side every day and moistened her lips with water. He would feed her some soup with his mouth. 
He even cleaned her body with a washcloth for fear that the body odor would disgust her when she woke up. By doing so, he hoped she would have a pleasant mood then. 
During that period, Finnick was so worn out that his cheeks had lost their volume. On the contrary, Vivian had gained some weight.
“So… where is little pumpkin?” Suddenly, she recalled the situation when she fainted and thought of Larry. 
Evelyn has taken him away at that time. Where is he now? If he is still held captive by Evelyn, the chances of him surviving will be very slim!
###Chapter 963
Chapter 963 
Thinking about that, Vivian looked at Finnick with panic gleamed in her eyes, hoping that he would answer her quickly. She was getting extremely anxious. Feeling guilty, he stared at her and was unsure of how to reply to her. 
“Tell me! Where is little pumpkin? Is he still held captive by Evelyn?” By looking at Finnick’s expression, Vivian knew he failed to rescue their son. 
That must be it! Tears brimmed her eyes and streamed down her face. 
That day, Evelyn slapped little pumpkin. By now, she must have brutally tortured him! While thinking about Larry, Vivian glared at Finnick. “It’s all your fault! Why didn’t you go after Evelyn? How could you let her take our son away? Don’t you love him?” 
She nearly had a nervous breakdown and would have collapsed if it had not been for Larry. 
Finnick felt bad about causing her to get agitated right after she awoke. He had no choice but to look at her and comfort her. “Vivian, don’t get angry! I already knew where Larry is. Give me three days and we will pick him up and settle the score with Evelyn. I promise you!” 
Eventually, his words calmed Vivian down and eased the restlessness in her. He then placed a pillow behind her so that she could rest comfortably on it. 
“Really? We will find little pumpkin?” Vivian looked at Finnick like a kid asking for candy. 
After all, he was the only person whom she could trust at that moment. 
Vivian did not want to be fooled, and neither did she want her hope to turn into despair. She had experienced the pain of losing hope after seeing one.
I was supposed to rescue little pumpkin, but I failed to do so when he was just in front of me! I could only watch as he was being taken away while I barely had any strength to fight back. 
Those images popped up in Vivian’s mind. At last, she buried her face against his chest and started bawling. A great pang gripped her heart, and the pain in her chest was suffocating her. 
Looking at her, Finnick felt a great wrench of sadness, but he could not let out a wail like her. Instead, he pulled her into a tight embrace. 
It’s so comfortable to hug someone you love in your arms! 
After crying for a while, Vivian was exhausted and fell asleep. Finnick gently put her to bed and covered her with a quilt. 
He then glanced at the clock and presumed that she would wake up after a short sleep. After that, Finnick went out to buy some food. The doctor administered an intravenous drip to Vivian for the past eight days. However, the drip could only guarantee that she would not be starved to death, it could not satisfy her hunger. 
Since she has regained consciousness, she will definitely be hungry later at night. I shall get the food now so that she can have it when she wakes up later. 
When Finnick returned to the hospital, he saw a nurse packing up stuff at Vivian’s bedside. He was so worried that he rushed forward to take a look. 
Recently, he had been taking care of Vivian personally as he did not trust anyone else. For Finnick, she was the most precious person in his life. 
Upon approaching the bedside, he realized that was Noah’s girlfriend, Ivana. She met Finnick’s eyes, and they nodded to greet each other. Then, Ivana explained, “Noah told me that Mrs. Norton had
woken up. You went out just now, so I came over to check on her, in case anything happened.” 
He nodded in acknowledgment and appreciated her thoughtful act. Finnick then shifted his gaze toward Vivian. 
“See you later!” Ivana packed up quickly and walked out, leaving the two alone in the room. 
“Vivian, do you want something to eat?” While looking at Vivian, Finnick raised his hand and showed her the food. Oh Gosh, her face is so pale! Maybe she didn’t get enough food recently.
###Chapter 964
Chapter 964 
Finnick purposely chose the food that supported healing after surgery for Vivian. 
Indeed, she was hungry. Looking at the food in his hand, she nodded in response and tried to sit up. Finnick immediately stepped forward to support her. After Vivian sat up, he pulled the over-bed table toward her and served the food. Then, he handed her a fork. 
“Have you eaten?” Vivian knew Finnick had not been eating properly, as he had been busy taking care of her. 
Of course not! I only thought of you, Honey! 
Finnick looked hesitant, so Vivian knew he had not eaten. She asked him to sit face to face and brought the food to his mouth, signaling him to open his mouth. Vivian fed him, and they shared the food. 
Finnick smiled happily. Soon, his cheerful smile turned into a melancholy one. 
We used to feed each other when Larry was around. Now, it’s just the two of us! I hate this feeling! But what else can I do? 
I hope we can find Larry soon so that Vivian can recover quickly and we can live happily together! 
After three days, Finnick called to check the progress. Unfortunately, there was no good news. What am I supposed to do now? I’ve promised her to get Larry by today! 
On the contrary, Vivian did not urge him. Knowing that he was tired, she did not want to pressure him further. Let everything go with the flow! I just hope that little pumpkin is safe!
Suddenly, Vivian felt the prediction given by a fortune-teller during their trip had come true somehow. She could not recall the prediction but vaguely remembered the fortune teller said that she would not have a child. 
Her heart was flooded with sadness, and she let out a bitter laugh. Since I’ve been blessed with a son, I must protect him at all costs. After this incident, I swear I won’t let anything happen to little pumpkin! 
“Vivian! Vivian!” Finnick’s tone was filled with excitement and joy. 
Vivian stared at him with a puzzled look on her face. Could it be that they found Evelyn? 
He said, “We found Evelyn!” 
Wait a minute. Did I hear it wrong? After a while, she realized it was true. His words set off a ripple of excitement in her. Immediately, she responded, “Hurry up! I want to discharge. Let’s find little pumpkin!” 
Vivian knew she had not fully recovered yet, but she could continue to recuperate at home after they rescued Larry. 
She had been depressed and despondent recently. Finally, Vivian had something to look forward to, and it cheered her soul. Finnick did not want to let her down, so he nodded his head in agreement. He then helped Vivian to put on her shoes. When he was about to pack up their belongings, she said, “Leave it to me! You take care of the discharge process. Let me pack up the things!” 
They divided the tasks among themselves and finished the packing soon. 
Finnick hailed a cab and ordered the driver to send their belongings home. After that, they brought along four bodyguards and went to the location provided by the detective.
He glanced at the address and informed the driver of the location. It was a remote place. They assumed Evelyn stayed at such a place to hide from Finnick. 
Vivian felt a surge of anxiety when they approached that place. She failed to rescue Larry last time and was afraid that it would be another vain attempt. 
Finnick could sense her uneasiness. Immediately, he held her hand, trying to calm her down and let her know he was by her side. Staring at him, Vivian determined to rescue Larry. Finnick is here! Why should I be afraid? 
Thinking of that, Vivian encouraged herself to stay strong. She then looked at the road in front of her, observing the scenes and things along the way, in case of emergency. Meanwhile, Finnick kept holding her hand.
###Chapter 965
Chapter 965 
Vivian had just been discharged from the hospital. Her overall physical condition was unclear, so Finnick hoped that she would not push herself too hard. 
Time passed, and they soon arrived at their intended location. Finnick carefully helped Vivian out of the car, under the watchful eye of the four bodyguards. They stood by, on high alert as they waited for both of them to sort themselves out. 
The pair first observed their surroundings and noticed that the area was not too different from the address they were at previously. It was quite remote and desolate, with overgrown weeds strewn about. Vivian tried to avoid stepping on too many of the weeds and promptly dragged Finnick in. 
Evelyn sat in a chair on the top floor of a very tall building. She held her head between her hands to shield her eyes from the light. Occasionally, her hands would reach over to the fruit platter in front of her as she popped grapes into her mouth one by one. It was a very comfortable existence. She did not sense that there was danger coming for her at all. 
In her hubris, she assumed that this location was untraceable. However, arrogant people would not always run out of luck in the long run. 
Vivian and Finnick tried their best to sneak around to avoid rousing anyone’s attention. In due time, they made their way up and found the person they had been searching for. 
At last! They finally found Evelyn. 
It should have come as no surprise since Vivian and Finnick had put in so much effort to look for her. Vivian was feeling agitated but did her best to remain calm. However, she still saw no sign of Larry. All she wanted to do then was rush forth and question Evelyn.
A moment’s deliberation later, Vivian called out Evelyn’s name. The woman was caught completely off guard. Evelyn’s first instinct was to run but was stopped by a bodyguard who aimed a gun directly against her head. 
She thought of running in the opposite direction but realized that she was cornered. Evelyn was in a panic. She had not expected them to find her, let alone come prepared. 
Even with the guns pointed at her, Evelyn looked at Vivian head-on. Her eyes were ablaze with anger, which did little to conceal with hatred Evelyn felt. Evelyn hated Vivian with all her heart. Why is she not dead yet? 
At the time, Evelyn saw Vivian cut her wrist right before her eyes. But now, Vivian was standing before her in the flesh, as if nothing had happened. Evelyn sorely wished that she could just march forward and end Vivian’s life but could not. 
She knew that any rash movements from her would spell her death. Hatred would mark the end of her life, of all things. The same hatred had also completely marred Evelyn’s face. She no longer resembled the person that she was before. 
‘Vivian Morrison! Why are you not dead? Why won’t you just die?” Tears of rage and loathing poured from Evelyn’s eyes. She hated Vivian’s luck and serendipity. Evelyn regretted not being able to see Vivian dead before her own life ended. 
“Sorry to disappoint. Where is little pumpkin? Be quick about it.” 
Vivian looked at Evelyn’s state and believed that she could save Larry. Such was the confidence she had. 
What she was not expecting, however, was the answer Evelyn gave her. “Larry is dead.”
Vivian paused briefly upon hearing these words but broke into a smile. “Do you take me for a fool? If little pumpkin is dead, why are you not showing off? Where is the anxiousness coming from?” 
Vivian’s retort stunned Evelyn into silence, who did not know how to answer her. It took a while for Evelyn to compose herself again. 
“Well, there’s nothing I can do if you don’t believe me. Watching little pumpkin slit his wrist, the blood trickling down afterwards… It was infinitely more comforting to watch than seeing you gut yourself like a pig.” Evelyn watched as Vivian’s facial expression slowly changed before she finished with a frantic flourish. 
The imagery made Vivian go cold. She had gone into a shocked silence. Finnick, who was holding Vivian, felt her anxiety. Immediately, he pulled her behind him and looked at Evelyn. 
“Evelyn, don’t make this any harder on yourself. Tell us where Larry is, and I’ll grant you a merciful death.” Evelyn had to die for sure. But if she was willing to cooperate, then Finnick was not going to behave like a savage. 
“I’ve told you that already. Larry is dead. Come on over, Vivian. Why don’t I tell you where the body is?” Evelyn beckoned at Vivian eagerly with an anxious giggle.
###Chapter 966
Chapter 966 
This seemed like a fair offer. She had to see some sort of proof, after all. Vivian could not possibly just let Larry die like that. She then decided to walk over and listen to what Evelyn had to say. 
“Don’t go, Vivian.” Finnick sensed that this was a ruse and cautioned her against it. 
However, Vivian shook off Finnick, who was about to hold her closer to him. She stepped forward, absolutely resolute. 
Evelyn looked at Vivian who was slowly approaching, step by step. She was ready to make a move. Finnick immediately issued orders for the bodyguards to shoot on sight at the slightest hint of trouble. The four bodyguards mouthed their understanding. 
Vivian was now walking at an elevated pace, anxious to know the whereabouts of Larry. She broke into a near sprint and eventually reached Evelyn. “I’m here. Speak.” 
“Well, little pumpkin’s corpse…” Vivian found herself unable to focus as she tried her best not to cry. She was not even asking for much. All she wanted to know was her son’s whereabouts and sincerely hoped that Evelyn would not deceive her. 
Just as Vivian leaned in, Evelyn quickly spun her around and pressed a small knife to Vivian’s neck. Finnick immediately raised his gun and pointed it at Evelyn, staring at both of them in shock. 
“Evelyn, just what do you think you’re doing?” Finnick looked at Vivian, who stood there shaking like a leaf. One wrong move from him could spell the end of Vivian. The four bodyguards also followed Finnick’s previous instructions, staring at Evelyn intently. 
“You’re asking me, Finnick? I should be the one asking you that. We were happy together, weren’t we? Why did you end up choosing this b*tch in the end? Why? Where did I go wrong?”
Evelyn’s words were unpleasant, but there were no tears in her eyes. Perhaps she couldn’t bring herself to cry anymore. 
The only thing that fuelled her now was revenge. She had long since given up on her love for Finnick. 
“Do you remember how you walked away from me? How you framed me? This was all your own doing,” retorted Finnick. His gaze remained fixed on Evelyn’s hands. 
“You want me to take the blame? This is somehow my fault? So be it then! I’ll die with Vivian today.” Finnick had, in fact, repeatedly expressed that it was her fault, but Evelyn never heeded his words. 
Now that Evelyn had expressed her intent, she decided to act on it. Seeing that the knife was about to slash Vivian’s neck open, Finnick immediately went on high alert. He was stopped by Vivian who shook her head at him slowly in a silent plea to not be hasty. 
Because if Evelyn died, it would be even more difficult to find their son. 
Finnick definitely noticed the expression on Vivian’s face. No matter what the danger was, Vivian’s life was still a priority. 
Without warning, the sound of a gunshot pierced the air. Before Vivian could react, Evelyn had already fallen to the ground, motionless and bleeding. His eyes were wide open. Her final thoughts were that of betrayal. Evelyn could not believe that Finnick would kill her so easily. 
Even till her last moments, she maintained the same, righteous thought that Finnick still loved her. 
It would seem that she dwelled on past sentiments a little too much. Finnick no longer cared for her, that was certain. Vivian was all he cared about, and Vivian was the one who caused this.
Evelyn felt her body bleed out slowly, and her vision began to blur. She could feel someone prop her up and ask her gently, “Where is little pumpkin?” 
Evelyn smiled, said two words, and her eyes closed. She was gone. 
“He’s…dead.” Upon hearing those words, Vivian slumped onto the ground, not caring how bloody it was. Her eyes were blank. She then curled up into a tight ball and began to weep. 
Her son is dead. Truly dead. Why? Why are the heavens so cruel? 
The more she thought about it, the more she reminisced about the days she spent with Larry. Her little pumpkin. The tears that she shed refused to stop. 
Finnick hurried over and looked at the weeping woman on the ground. All he could do was hold her. 
It did not take long for Vivian to collapse from exhaustion. Fortunately, Finnick had gotten there on time. His quick reflexes prevented any injuries to her head when she fell.
###Chapter 967
Chapter 967 
“Vivian?” Finnick called out to her but she did not respond. 
Finnick could tell that she had fainted when she did not open her eyes. After all, she had just been discharged from the hospital. She was only starting to recover. 
He also did not manage to catch wind of what Evelyn said to Vivian just now. However, what else could agitate Vivian and make her cry that way? Was Larry dead after all? 
Finnick had drawn a quick conclusion but set that aside. He then quickly rushed Vivian to the hospital. Two bodyguards were left behind to inform the police and provide statements and eyewitness accounts. Evelyn wanted to kill Vivian, so she was shot out of self-defense. 
After the two bodyguards nodded, they watched as Finnick left with Vivian and the remaining party. 
They departed in the same car they arrived in. The driver was going too slowly, so Finnick requested that a bodyguard with better driving skills rush them there instead. 
It did not take them long to arrive at the hospital since they were driving at breakneck speed. Finnick called for the doctor who had been attending to Vivian. The man took a look at the bloodstains on her body but did his duty without asking any questions. 
The doctor examined Vivian and noted that the wound she sustained was not infected or reopened. Since everything was fine, he was relieved. 
“Mrs. Norton has suffered a deep shock. She’ll be fine as long as she rests properly.” After a briefing of her overall condition, the doctor nodded at Finnick and left.
Vivian was placed on an IV drip again as Finnick kept an eye on her. It was as if time had reversed and they were back to square one. Finnick smiled bitterly to himself. He acknowledged that this happened because of his incompetence. 
There’s no point in regretting now. I can only hope that she’ll wake up soon. In the meantime, maybe I’ll have some people look for Larry. Initially, he thought that finding Evelyn would eventually lead them to Larry, but he may have miscalculated. 
Evelyn may have said that Larry was dead, but he did not believe a word. Finnick knew that a son raised by him would not perish so easily. 
Larry said he wanted to be as capable as his father. How could he then leave his father behind without doing that first? Finnick soothed himself with a faint flicker of hope and continued to watch over Vivian. 
When the death notice was delivered to Rachel, she sat on the ground in a daze. Wasn’t my daughter well? Didn’t she just come over recently? How can she be dead? 
Rachel refused to believe it, at first. But having seen Evelyn’s body, she had no choice. Her eyes darted back and forth, studying the features that she came to know were her daughter’s. Evelyn’s pale face and lips, her small face, her nose… Rachel knew it was her daughter at a first glance. 
This was too much for Rachel. Immediately, she broke down and cried. Shane, who had been observing Rachel, did not know how to react. This was the same woman who had professed her love to him and expressed the desire to live a happy life with him. 
How did she end up here? In this state? He knew that Evelyn was lying to him at the time. That was definitely wishful thinking on his part. Shane had been smitten by her the first time they met. So what if she lied?
Having seen Evelyn’s body lying here now, Shane didn’t know if he should have laughed or cried. Am I to weep over my beloved? Laugh at how she would never lose her temper at me again? 
However, this was not what he felt Now, he barely had the strength or emotion left in him to cry. Shane merely stood there, in front of Evelyn’s corpse. He stroked her face with a gentle tenderness. 
“Rest easy, Eve. I’ll avenge you.” Shane already knew who had killed Evelyn. He vowed to never let Vivian go. 
Shane turned away and helped a distraught Rachel out of the mortuary. He led her to a chair to comfort her. Rachel may not have been his mother, but he would take care of her for Evelyn’s sake. 
“Don’t worry, Rachel. I will avenge Evelyn.” Shane said this not only for the sake of Rachel, but he felt the need to vocalize it and remind himself. He knew that while he was not that capable, he still had a few tricks up his sleeves.
###Chapter 968
Chapter 968 
Shane pondered over the truth of what Evelyn said. Vivian was truly as ruthless as she claimed. He felt a strong urge to take revenge to purge society of such a hateful person. 
“You mean, Vivian had Evelyn killed?” asked Rachel, who seemed to have caught on to the meaning of Shane’s words. But why? What would the connection be? 
Shane could tell that Rachel was still reeling over the thought. He took his time to break down the situation and make her understand. Shane detailed everything Vivian had done to Evelyn. Regardless of how the situation panned out, Vivian seemed to be the most likely culprit. 
Rachel heard his arguments and reflected on them for some time. Soon after, she felt that the logic was sound enough. Her eyes burned with hatred and determination. She was going to avenge her daughter. Rachel was no longer going to be swayed by Vivian. 
These thoughts were enough to cause their anger to spike. Silently, they encouraged and steeled themselves for the fight to come. The two have now turned into Evelyn’s avenging angels. 
Finnick stayed by Vivian’s side the whole time. Since she was not in any real danger, it took her about a day to awaken. Vivian was confused at the scene in front of her. She scanned her surroundings and realized that she had slept in this very room, on the same bed as before. Panic filled her as she frantically looked around. 
She then noticed that Finnick was standing next to her. Without waiting for him to say anything, she grabbed onto his arm. “Finnick? Where is little pumpkin? Is he alright?” 
No sooner had she uttered this when Finnick’s expression became very uncomfortable.
Finnick had been looking into Larry’s whereabouts, but to no avail. Now that Vivian had broached the subject, he did not know how to answer. What if he said the wrong thing and caused her to faint again? 
Vivian noticed his silence and the change in his expression. Dissatisfied, she shook his arm again and motioned for him to speak. 
“I haven’t found him yet.” Finnick sighed and answered her petulantly, like an errant child. Slowly, Vivian returned to her senses, as if the answer had shook her out of her stupor. 
“You’re a liar, Finnick. You said you could find little pumpkin in three days, so where is he? Why didn’t you go after him? Don’t you know how much faith he has in me? I can’t betray his trust like that!” 
A now-sober Vivian collapsed back onto the bed with a thud, unsure of what to do next. Without Larry there, she felt as if her life had lost all meaning. 
All she could do now was rely on Finnick for solace and comfort. However, deep down, Vivian knew that this was not going to bring her little pumpkin back to her. 
What am I supposed to live for? My little pumpkin is dead. 
“Vivian, your wrist did not stop bleeding at the time. To save you, I could not pursue Larry. I know it’s my fault, but your life was at stake too.” 
Finnick lowered his voice into a whisper. Seeing how agitated Vivian was, he did not know what to say. 
“It’s not like you don’t know that I care about little pumpkin! How am I going to live without him? You may have saved my life, but you have killed my soul!” 
Suddenly, Vivian stopped her lamentations and pinned Finnick with a cold glare.
Finnick returned her gaze, but it made him hitch his breath. It was as if he did not know Vivian. How did she become this way? Finnick was rendered speechless, not knowing what to say. 
Vivian decided to continue. “From today onwards, you go your way, and I’ll go mine. I will find my son. This is the end of the road for us.” 
Having said that, Vivian pulled out the needle from the IV drip, put on her shoes, and left. 
Finnick wanted to run after her, but there were still things that needed to be packed away. He decided to ignore them all. He then ran in the direction Vivian went. In the end, she was nowhere to be found. 
Frantically, Finnick walked towards the entrance of the hospital, still hunting for her. His eyes scanned the sea of pedestrians coming and going, but he saw no sign of her. Where is she? Finnick was hearbroken. He squatted down in a corner dejectedly and massaged his sore temples to calm himself down.
###Chapter 969
Chapter 969 
Finnick felt utterly complicated. He had done everything for Vivian’s sake, yet she felt that he was wrong. Was I really wrong? he asked himself. If time could rewind, I would still choose Vivian. There’s still hope to look for little pumpkin as long as he’s alive. But if Vivian had died due to excessive blood loss that day, then I would’ve lost my wife forever. 
After thinking about it, he returned to the hospital to pack his things. He had thought up a plan to sit Vivian down at home and have a heart-to-heart talk with her. We’re a married couple. It’ll be fine. We can talk things through. 
Impatient, he sped through the road in his car to get home as soon as possible. However, what greeted him was a chilling breeze that stopped him in his tracks as soon as he pulled up in the driveway. It’s scorching summer. How can it be this cold? 
He immediately entered the house and searched through it from room to room. Yet, there was no sight of Vivian. A loud ringing sounded in his head. Did she leave me because I didn’t save little pumpkin in time? 
His heart jolted at the thought. He swiftly turned around and ran out toward his car, pulling the car door open. But when he sat on the driver’s seat and started the engine, that was the moment it hit him. Where could she have gone? He slapped against the steering wheel furiously. Think! Where could she be? 
In a blink of an eye, the skies had turned dark as he walked the streets aimlessly, but Vivian still hadn’t been found. He sighed. I shouldn’t have bothered about the things on the bed earlier. Otherwise, I could’ve caught up to her a long time ago.
At the same moment, Vivian was admiring the aesthetically pleasing sight of the flashing neon lights while she wandered around aimlessly. Little pumpkin and I have been here before, she thought to herself, feeling slightly comforted being in a place that consisted of her memories with Larry. My little pumpkin isn’t dead. He’s merely hidden in a place where I can’t find him. 
As she comforted herself with that thought, she began to notice a back view of a little boy that closely resembled Larry. She sprinted over and turned the boy around in excitement, calling out, “Little pumpkin!” 
But when the boy turned around, she froze. 
It’s not little pumpkin! They merely look alike from behind… 
The boy’s mother was staring at Vivian with contempt in her eyes. “Lunatic,” she muttered, tugging her child away from Vivian. Hearing that, Vivian laughed. “Lunatic?” She laughed so hard tears were rolling down her cheeks. “You’ve never experienced the agony of losing your child! How could you possibly understand the pain I’m going through?” she yelled, uncaring of where she was. “Why don’t you put yourself in my shoes? Would you still be walking so leisurely if you were the one who lost your child?” 
The crowd could only remain silent at her words, for they knew there was truth in what she said. Everyone would experience different things in life. Nobody would know how it felt only until they had experienced it for themselves. 
It was then that Finnick drove past and noticed a large crowd by the road. Upon closer observation, he realized the person being surrounded resembled Vivian. He immediately pulled over and elbowed his way through the crowd. 
It’s her! I’ve finally found her!
He hurried over to Vivian while shooing the passersby off at the same time. Wrapping an arm around Vivian’s shoulder, he said gently, “Vivian, shall we go home? Come home with me.” 
He felt distressed seeing how dispirited and listless she was. Neither of them was in a good mental mind after the loss of their son. At that moment, all he wanted was to take Vivian home. 
He knew Rachel would certainly be out for revenge since he had killed Evelyn. It wasn’t safe for Vivian to be wandering around the streets in the middle of the night alone. 
“Don’t touch me!” Vivian shoved Finnick away from her. “You’re the reason why little pumpkin is missing!” However, as she had exerted too little strength, she fell backward instead. Finnick hurriedly reached out to steady her before she fell back against the tree. 
“Be good. Come home with me,” Finnick coaxed. “We’ll talk about it once we’re home.”
###Chapter 970
Chapter 970 
Vivian was thoroughly drained. The sight of Finnick’s face reminded her of Larry. She couldn’t help but reach out a hand to hug him, muttering Larry’s name repeatedly under her breath. 
“Little pumpkin, you’re finally back! Do you have any idea how much I have missed you?” 
Finnick felt a small patch of wetness on his shoulder as she spoke. He knew without looking that they were from her tears. It was a true portrayal of a mother losing her child. 
As soon as she saw someone who had the slightest resemblance, she would delude herself into thinking it was her child. It was an instinctive process of the human brain to use such a method to make up for the grief they felt. However, if it developed into an advanced stage, the same condition would be diagnosed as a mental illness. 
With no alternative, Finnick could only impersonate Larry and asked in a cajoling tone, “Then, shall we go home?” 
Vivian nodded, allowing him to lead her to his car. 
When they arrived back at the house, she had already fallen into a deep slumber. Both of them had spent the entire day walking and searching respectively. They were exhausted. One peaceful night was all they could ask for. 
The next morning, it was Vivian who broke the silence with her sorrowful cry. “My little pumpkin!” Finnick instantly jolted awake, looking at Vivian in concern. “What happened?” he asked. He had already expected she would wake up feeling dejected. But seeing her condition, he was at a complete loss.
“Finnick! My son… My son, he’s dead!” Vivian’s eyes widened as she stared at him before she hopped out of bed rapidly. 
Finnick felt truly powerless witnessing her in that way. Although it was evident that she had suffered a great blow to her mental state, he had no idea how to assist her in dealing with her trauma. 
Too many things had happened at once. It was a once-in-a-blue-moon opportunity for them to travel. Yet, Rachel coincidentally fell ill at the same time. After caring for her for a while, Larry then became missing. Although there had been hopes to rescue him initially, the same mistakes kept repeating again and again. No matter how emotionally strong a person was, they would bound to collapse when faced with the same situation. 
Moreover, Vivian was accustomed to shouldering everything on her own. She never reached out for help. Her heart had long experienced more than she could handle. 
The final straw that broke her was Larry’s death. Finnick knew he was majorly responsible for that matter. Hence, he made up his mind to take her to a psychiatrist. 
“Vivian, let’s go. I’ll take you to see Larry,” Finnick lied. He had originally wanted to bring up the hospital, but he feared she would be uncooperative and refuse to go if she knew. 
At the mention of Larry’s name, she immediately nodded obediently and went along wherever he led. She sat quietly in the car in anticipation at the thought of reuniting with her son. 
However, when they arrived at the hospital, her demeanor changed. Finnick naturally felt her resistance but paid no mind to it. The hospital was her only recourse. He took her hand and led her into the building.
As Finnick was acquainted with one of the renowned psychiatrists in the hospital, they managed to skip the lengthy registration process and went directly for a consultation. He knocked twice on the door. As soon as he heard an affirmation to enter, he pushed the door open. 
“Finnick, this—” The doctor was slightly flustered when he caught sight of the erratic-looking Vivian. Did something happen to Mrs. Norton? Is she here for treatment? 
Finnick nodded to his silent conjecture. Dr. Foster immediately regained his composure and sat down to begin his assessment. Unfortunately, Vivian failed to meet his gaze whenever he questioned her. It made it harder for him to give an accurate diagnosis. 
At last, it was determined her condition was the same as Finnick had guessed. Their next step was to try to alleviate her condition. Fearing that there would be side effects, Finnick instructed Dr. Foster to prescribe Vivian’s medication in smaller dosages. 
They then sat down and discussed a few things to note in regards to her condition. It was only after Finnick was certain he had everything memorized in his heart that they left. At the door, Vivian immediately turned to look expectantly at him.
###Chapter 971
Chapter 971 
“What is it?” Finnick asked, uncertain what Vivian meant by her look. He thought she was feeling unwell somewhere, but her answer made him ze. “Little pumpkin,” she prompted. 
Finnick was momentarily stumped. He looked at her and said as convincingly as he could, “Little pumpkin isn’t here. As long as you’re obedient, he’ll come home.” 
Dr. Foster had told him to coax her like he would a child, even if she asked for something impossible. It was the only solution to keep her emotions calm and improve her mental state hopefully. 
Finnick was left with no choice other than to heed the doctor’s advice. His only wish was for Vivian to get herself together. While he took care of Vivian at home, he continued sending people to investigate Larry’s whereabouts. 
Although she communicated with Finnick with an intelligence of a child and often had to be coaxed by him, she was no longer having any breakdowns ever since she began taking her medications. It was half a month later when what Finnick feared most happened. 
He had unintentionally allowed her to wander into a restricted place—Larry’s room. I thought she’ll get better after half a month of medications. It seems like it is only my wishful thinking. 
“Vivian.” Finnick reached out a hand to stop her, but the hem of her shirt slipped through his palm instead. 
“Little pumpkin… little pumpkin is dead,” she cried, laying on Larry’s bed. “Little pumpkin, how could you leave me behind?” 
When she finally got up from the bed a long time later, her eyes were too swollen for her to keep them open. Finnick couldn’t bear seeing her in that state. He attempted to carry her out of the room, only to
be stopped by her cold utterance. 
“Don’t touch me.” Finnick froze. It had been more than a month since she last spoke to him in that icy tone. If she’s speaking to me this way again, does that mean she has recovered? 
He studied her every move, hoping to find out if his speculation was right. However, what met his eyes was her frosty gaze instead. 
“Can I help you?” Vivian asked. 
Finnick shook his head, secretly feeling euphoric on the inside. It seems she’s truly recovered! The medications worked! But at the thought of her leaving him again, he quickly followed behind her. 
“Nothing,” Finnick answered, facing the blatant hostility in her eyes. He was aware the Vivian standing before him was still mad. Hence, he didn’t dare to say too much in case it would cause her to regress. 
“Are you hungry? Should I make you something to eat?” he questioned. He had been feeding her meals while she was incapacitated. Since she had recovered, he wouldn’t have to do that any longer. 
Seeing as she had been awake since the early morning without having a single meal, he assumed she had to be hungry. 
“There’s no need. I’m leaving,” Vivian said, taking a glance at Finnick. His goodwill reminded her of Larry, which made her very uncomfortable. That was also why she rejected him and planned to eat elsewhere instead. 
Finnick reached out to grab her arm, looking at her worriedly. “Where are you going?” He feared that if she were to leave him again, he might not be able to find her for the second time. Therefore, he mustn’t let her leave him.
“What does that have to do with you?” She shook off his grasp and turned around to leave. 
Watching her retreating figure, Finnick decided to follow behind her. Even if he couldn’t be in close contact with her, seeing her from a distance would suffice. 
However, she keenly felt his presence and turned around to say, “Don’t follow me. I want to be alone. I’ll come back.” 
Perhaps because Larry had lived in the house and his presence lingered in the air, Vivian couldn’t abandon the house despite her refusal to be with Finnick. 
She took a final glance at him before walking out the door.
###Chapter 972
Chapter 972 
Hearing Vivian’s words, Finnick felt weirdly reassured. He stopped following behind her and allowed her to leave, choosing to believe that if she said she would return, then she would. 
He stared at her back view. Does she have enough money on her? He shook his head. Since she’s left, how could she not bring enough money? 
Reminding himself to stop overthinking, Finnick instructed the housemaid to prepare a meal and returned to the company as soon as he was done eating. It had been ages since he last went to work. Although he had been working from home religiously, he felt that it was better to pay a visit to the company since Vivian no longer required his around-the-clock care. 
After all, he had been absent for such a long time. He could guess that his employees were probably speculating about it. If he were to remain absent, it would result in his staff feeling insecure. 
As soon as he walked into the company and met with the familiar office environment, he recalled Vivian and Larry had once been there. His heart clenched in pain at the memory. I’m a man. I can’t collapse, he reminded himself. 
“Mr. Norton,” his assistant greeted, rushing up to him as soon as she saw him at the staircase. 
She hadn’t seen her boss in a long time. Although the work documents were delivered to his house, there were plenty of miscellaneous matters she had to handle in his absence. It had been a lot to shoulder on her own. It was no wonder she acted like she’d seen her life’s savior when she saw Finnick return. 
“Mm.” Finnick nodded. “How are things in the company?” They began to discuss work matters as they entered his office. His assistant immediately filled him in on the important events to keep him up to
speed. 
On the other side, Vivian, who had left the house in the morning, went to have her breakfast alone before driving to Rachel’s nursing home. She felt that it was her benevolence that cost her child. 
Since the traffic was smooth, she managed to reach her destination in no time. The first thing that greeted her was the sight of Rachel and Shane sitting on a bench, chatting leisurely. 
After Finnick wrecked Shane’s main door, the latter moved into the nursing home with Rachel. On the surface, he claimed to stay there to care for Rachel. However, he was only using it as the perfect excuse to move into the facility. 
When the pair noticed Vivian’s arrival, the temperature in the room immediately felt a few degrees cooler. 
“What are you here for?” Shane asked guardedly. 
Since she was capable enough to shoot Evelyn dead, there’s no telling what she could do to us. 
But Shane had gotten it completely wrong. Vivian wasn’t the type of person who would dirty her own hands by taking someone’s life. It was Finnick who could. Moreover, it was Evelyn who had reaped what she had sown. Even if she were dead, the police wouldn’t have much to say about it either. 
However, if Vivian were to go after Shane, she would undoubtedly have to face the law. It wouldn’t be worth it to sacrifice her future for scums like them. Instead, she planned to use the cruelest method to torture both of them, for living in misery was a far better punishment than for them to die a quick death. 
Vivian wanted them to know precisely what “an eye for an eye” meant. She was no longer a merciful person. Everything that they owed her, she was determined to make them pay her back.
“Why am I here? Why don’t you ask yourself what you did? Otherwise, why would I be here?” Vivian raised a brow, feeling amused at their question. 
Even though the two of you are staying here, I’m the one who’s footing the bill! Excluding that small bed, everything from the nursing home to Rachel’s medication is paid for by me. What rights do you have to interrogate me? 
“We didn’t do anything other than to uphold justice,” Shane said egoistically, holding his head upright. 
Vivian’s expression swiftly turned from indifference into one of mockery. “Oh? Upholding justice? How noble of you.” Looking at their faces, Vivian could no longer be bothered to speak glibly with them. For she knew, it was better to put words into action.
###Chapter 973
Chapter 973 
“Rachel William, don’t blame me for this. Your deceased daughter is the one to blame,” Vivian said, no longer caring about the mother-daughter bond they shared. Vivian had given her chances after chances on the account that she raised her. However, since she was an accomplice to what happened to Larry, she would simply return in kind. 
Having said that, Vivian called for the director and began to ask a couple of questions. 
“I’d like to ask, how much money does Rachel William still have?” Usually, nursing homes would request payment monthly. However, as Vivian found it troublesome, she paid a year’s worth of payment in advance. Let’s see how much is left. 
“Approximately ten thousand,” the director answered. As the nursing home was located in a secluded location, equipped with top-notch facilities, and most of all, the luxurious suite Rachel was living in—the charges were sky-high. 
“In that case, please refund me. I’m terminating the stay. Whatever happens after is her own business.” Vivian wanted to take away everything she’d given to Rachel and watch how she could survive without them. 
In the past, you wanted to rely on your biological daughter, but she turned out to be unreliable. You even sacrifice me, the one who’s paying for your materialistic lifestyle, in exchange for your daughter. In that case, it’s time for you to have a taste of how life will be without me. 
Hearing that, Shane knew he was doomed. I’ve only recently graduated. Now that there’s nowhere else for me to live, what am I supposed to do? Where do I go? Am I supposed to return home? He shook his head. No! That is too embarrassing.
“I’ll place your medications here. Once you’ve finished them, you’ll have to figure it out on your own. If you can, have your biological daughter buy some for you then.” I provided you with everything, yet you prefer your biological daughter. If that’s so, then don’t blame me for being merciless! 
“No! You can’t do that!” Rachel yelled, feeling extremely demoralized having everything taken from her. “Vivian Morrison, you’ve completely lost your rationale! You’ll receive retribution for this! As she couldn’t beg Vivian, she could only use verbal abuse, hoping Vivian would regret it. 
Shane was slumped on the floor with no right to make an opinion. It was neither his property nor did he pay any rent. He had only managed to live there with some excuses. 
“Oh? I’ll receive retribution? Fine. Hand me the medications then.” Vivian stretched out a palm and stared at the medication Rachel was holding. She knew Rachel couldn’t live without them. 
Rachel hugged the bottle of medicine tightly as if her life depended on it. Seeing that, Vivian sneered. Humans are indeed selfish. 
She laughed before turning around to leave with her car keys in hand. Shane and Rachel watched as the car drove off into the distance, unable to return to their senses for a long time. It had all been too abrupt and caught them completely off-guard. 
At that moment, Shane decided to leave. Back then, he only fawned over Rachel because he needed a roof over his head. Since Rachel was left with nothing, there was no reason for him to stay anymore. After all, Evelyn never liked her mother while she was alive either. 
“Where are you going, Shane?” Rachel had a bad premonition as she watched Shane leave. Her heart pounded against her chest. Is he abandoning me?
“I’m leaving. Good luck to you,” Shane announced plainly. He couldn’t even be bothered to turn around, merely waving a hand as he walked away. Seeing the drastic change in his attitude, Rachel was stunned, feeling like she could hardly catch a breath. 
Where else can I go with my mobility difficulties? I’d spent my last cent buying Evelyn a bed and now have nothing to my name. I can’t even afford my next meal! 
Seeing as Rachel was still kneeling at the entrance, the other residents of the nursing home felt it was ill-omened. They couldn’t wait to chase her off. 
She had already caused a storm in the nursing home when her daughter died a few days ago. Even though they were discontented, they couldn’t do anything for she was a paying resident like everyone else. However, things had changed. The residents smiled as they shared a look. They could finally get rid of her.
###Chapter 974
Chapter 974 
“Hurry up and leave! You’re such a jinx!” 
“Yeah! Get lost!” 
“This is not a place where you belong.” 
Rachel stumbled out of the nursing home in an attempt to protect her dignity. Even though she had turned to leave, she could still hear the cursing they were throwing her way. For a moment, she was tempted to return a few insults, but she was aware that she was in no position to do so. 
As a matter of fact, she had always known where Larry was. Evelyn had shared that information with her. She had initially planned to use it in exchange for her own safety. However, after some contemplation, she decided to avenge her daughter instead. 
Therefore, she could only wander on the streets, relying on the leftovers of the nearby restaurants to keep herself fed. At times, there would be people who would find her pitiful and throw some bread on the floor for her to eat. 
Rachel found it incredibly filthy at first. But in the end, when she was about to faint from hunger, she went back in search of her only source of food and gobbled it up despite it having been stepped on multiple times. 
It was what she needed to do if she wanted to live. 
Finnick instantly felt relieved when he returned home and saw Vivian sitting at the dining table, having her meal. He took off his shirt as he walked toward her and took a seat next to her. Staring intently at her, he seemed to realize her hostility had largely decreased. Although she was still aloof, Finnick was contented with her condition.
There was nothing else he could have asked for other than to remain by her side. That way, he was confident he could win her back. If she could love him so dearly once, she definitely could do so again. 
“Where did you go today, Vivian?” he asked, his head slightly tilted. He scooped some of her favorite dishes and placed them on her plate. Vivian glanced at him blandly before lowering her head to resume eating her food. 
“Do you not feel like saying? Or is there something you don’t wish for me to know?” He was aware she didn’t want to be bothered by him. But he was like a rebellious adolescent. The more she didn’t want him to, the more he would. 
Who knows? Perhaps if I annoy her enough, she may stop harboring a grudge and start speaking to me? He began to get excited at the thought of it and started telling her about a bunch of work-related matters. As expected, she got annoyed soon enough. 
“I went to see Rachel William and Shane Teslar,” she replied, wanting to shut him up. Having gotten what he wanted, Finnick smirked. “Mm. Then you must be exhausted, honey. Eat more.” 
Hearing him call her by the endearment, she froze for a second. She took another glance at him before she carried on eating. 
Seeing her reaction and how she had eaten the food he scooped for her, he was like a dog with two tails. He continued scooping more food for her without another word. It was only during bedtime when Vivian initiated a conversation. 
“Let go,” she ordered. Finnick had wanted to cuddle her to sleep. However, as soon as his hands touched her waist, she spoke. He looked into her eyes for a bit, shaking his head in refusal.
“Are you letting go or not?” Her voice turned colder. But Finnick was an experienced businessman. How could that possibly scare him? He shamelessly shook his head and hugged her even tighter. 
Facing the unabashed Finnick, Vivian was helpless. She chose to ignore him, turning to her side before she fell into a deep sleep. 
After all that had happened, Vivian had been suffering from insomnia for quite some time. But that night, perhaps because of his warm embrace, she finally managed to have a restful sleep for once. The next day when Vivian awoke, she found herself still in Finnick’s arms. 
She fluttered her eyes open and noticed he was still asleep. It was the only time she could put down her guard and truly stare at him to her heart’s content. When she gave it a thought, Finnick hadn’t really done anything wrong. He merely chose her instead. But somehow, she couldn’t find it in herself to forgive the man. That was the biggest hurdle in her heart.
###Chapter 975
Chapter 975 
“What are you looking at?” Finnick flipped and rolled above her in one swift move, staring down at her. He had been awake for quite some time and had felt her piercing gaze. 
Although he knew the delicate woman in his embrace had been feeling aggrieved partially because of him, he was happy to be in that position with her once again. 
Hardship was part and parcel of life. It was unavoidable. 
“Nothing.” Vivian shook her head. Finnick watched as she got up from bed and began to get dressed. It’s time to go back to work, she thought. Perhaps if I keep myself busy enough, I won’t have the time to be drowning in my grief. 
That was something she had personally experienced when she had left Finnick back then. 
“Vivian, don’t go to work. Rest at home.” Finnick knew she was planning to go to work, but he didn’t want her to give herself unnecessary pressure. 
His heart ached, knowing that was her way of keeping herself functioning. Although he wished she wouldn’t try to suppress her feelings, he knew that there was no way he could change her mind once she had a goal in sight. 
Therefore, he stopped persuading her and silently hoped she could learn to be stronger. Even though it was equally difficult for him to forget about Larry, they needed to learn to move on with their lives. 
After breakfast, Vivian intended to drive herself to work. When she walked to the front door, she saw a car parked before her; the window rolling down to reveal Finnick’s face.
It was then she understood why he skipped breakfast. Finnick stared at the unmoving Vivian and honked the car, signaling for her to get in. 
Despite her refusal to be driven by him, her heart softened when she was reminded that he had skipped his meal for her sake. She sighed, walking up to the passenger side, and took the front seat. 
“How was breakfast?” he asked to make small talk. He had deliberately woken up earlier to prepare it for her. Seeing as she had licked her plate clean, he was on cloud nine. 
She merely took a glance at him and nodded in response. Even though he didn’t mention it, she could tell the breakfast was made by him. However, seeing that he hadn’t taken a bite of it, she couldn’t help but feel guilty. 
Finnick didn’t bring it up either. Perhaps, she’ll start feeling sorry for me, and I’ll be able to appear in her mind more frequently from now onward! Then as time goes by, I may even be able to find my way back into her heart. The mere thought about that made him grin as he stared at Vivian. 
The latter, having no idea what was on his mind, could only remain silent. 
Lately, whenever she didn’t feel like speaking, silence was her best answer. However, it was also one of the reasons two people often grow apart. 
It’s all right. I’ll always be waiting for her to come back to me. No matter how cold she is, how long it’s been, or how tired I am—I’ll keep waiting. 
“I’ve reached. You’d better get going,” Vivian said as soon as she saw the company’s entrance coming into view. She took an inquisitive glance at Finnick and left without waiting for his reply. 
Was she checking whether I was fine without eating breakfast? Skipping breakfast was a bad habit. She had always been concerned ever since she found out he had developed stomach troubles in those
years he spent carving out his career. 
Realizing that she hadn’t stopped worrying for him, he was elated. He drove to a nearby restaurant and ate his meal alone, staring at a photograph of her on his phone.
###Chapter 976
Chapter 976 
But Vivian’s mood immediately soured the moment she entered the company. She saw someone who made her feel incredibly disgusted—a painful reminder of her grief. That person was Shane Teslar, who had been made homeless after meeting with her the night before. 
With nowhere to turn to, he had spent the night at an internet café before making his way to the company in the morning. 
No matter how arrogant you are, you’re merely an insignificant employee. So what if you’re my mentor? He directed a silly face at Vivian as she walked past him. Vivian smirked, seeing the pompous look on his face. Most people in the magazine company knew Finnick was their boss. How Shane was ignorant of that fact, she truly had no clue. Maybe because he’s new? She ignored him, heading directly to the Chief Editor’s office, and knocked on the door. 
She glanced at the watch on her wrist, knowing the Chief Editor would’ve arrived at work at that hour. It was the perfect time to look for her. When she pushed the door open, the cold gaze in her eyes immediately made the Chief Editor flinch. 
“What happened, Vivian?” the Chief Editor asked, glancing at her warily. Vivian was typically gentle and considerate. But ever since she stopped going to the company, it seemed as if she had transformed into another person. 
“Fire Shane Teslar. Right now!” Vivian commanded. Having said that, she turned around to leave, adding, “Call me once he’s gone.” 
Shane happened to be hovering nearby and heard her words clearly. He glared scornfully at Vivian.
“Who do you think you are? Are you dreaming? Do you think you can order the Chief Editor around?” Shane yelled. I can forget about you chasing me out of the nursing home since you paid for it. But who do you think you are to come for my job? 
“Shane Teslar, come in,” the Chief Editor ordered before he could shoot his mouth off. 
Shane froze for a moment. How could the Chief Editor possibly know who I am? He entered the office perplexedly. 
“You’re fired; effective immediately,” the Chief Editor announced. “Go to the Human Resource Department to handle the related matters.” It was the first time Vivian used her authority as the lady boss of the company. Even though she was usually compliant at work, she still had her rights when it came to who she wanted to hire. 
“What? Why?” Shane was in disbelief. “All because of that bitch?” 
The Chief Editor shook her head. She finally understood why Vivian ordered her to do so. How can anyone speak with such a lack of class? ”Is the President’s wife someone you can scold?” She stared coldly at him. She truly admired Vivian and the President from the bottom of her heart. Hence, whenever she heard someone badmouthing Vivian, she couldn’t help but feel indignant and stand up for her. 
“President’s wife?” Shane froze. No wonder she dared to behave as if everyone owes her a living. It’s all because she’s the president’s wife! Shane was still dumbfounded even as he walked toward the company’s entrance. 
“Vivian, Shane Teslar has been fired. You can return any time now,” the Chief Editor informed. Although she didn’t speak in a fawning tone, it was comparably gentler than how she usually spoke.
“All right. Thank you, Chief Editor.” Vivian hung up the phone and went upstairs. She had been spending her time at the café below the office, confident that the Chief Editor would handle the matter expeditiously. 
However, it was a small world. They bumped into each other right as Vivian was on her way back. Pretending as if he didn’t exist, she straightened her back and walked past him, but heard him muttering, “Vivian, I’ve underestimated you.” 
She merely raised a brow, making no comments, as she headed upstairs. When she returned, everyone was looking at her with scrutinizing eyes. But she wasn’t one to cower at that. She made sure to stare every one of them right back in the eye until they looked away. 
It was only until she sat back at her desk that she realized the amount of time she had wasted. Right as she was about to begin her work, Paris’ voice sounded.
###Chapter 977
Chapter 977 
“Vivian, are you okay?” Paris was aware of what happened to Vivian. However, she wasn’t good with her words and had no idea how to approach the topic. Hence, she could only ask in caution. 
“I’m fine.” Vivian only realized how long it had been since she last saw Paris when she noticed the worry in her eyes. She forced herself to put on a smile before gently patting Paris’ head. 
While Vivian resumed doing her work, on the other side, Finnick had just received notification from the Human Resource Department regarding Shane’s termination. He narrowed his eyes. He hadn’t realized he had slipped through the cracks. 
He instructed his subordinates to crack down on Shane, placing his name on a blacklist in the business industry. As the present Finnor Group was ranked in the Top Tens of the country, few companies would dare to go against them. 
Since you’ve provoked us, I’ll make you regret it and pay a hefty price for it! Although Shane was only an accomplice, Finnick felt his methods were already considered rather mild. 
In the following months to come, aside from spending her day at work, Vivian maintained searching for Larry’s whereabouts, albeit without much hope. Even though she knew she was looking for a needle in a haystack, she couldn’t let herself be discouraged. 
“Vivian, would you like to come over to my place for lunch?” Paris asked. Although Benedict was aware of Vivian’s condition, he feared he would bring up the wrong thing and stir up her sadness. Hence, he hadn’t invited her to his place in a while. Ultimately, it was Paris’ insistence that it would cheer her up that Benedict finally agreed to the idea.
“All right.” Vivian nodded. It’s been a long time since I last saw Benedict. However, what she didn’t know was that Benedict had seen her while she wasn’t in the right state of mind. At that time, he felt feeble when he witnessed her in that condition. All he could wish was for the medication to do its magic so that she could recover. 
As soon as Paris heard Vivian’s agreement, she happily filled Vivian in about what had been going on with Benedict. Vivian listened to her attentively. Although her mood hadn’t been great, she still maintained a positive attitude before the person who was her friend cum sister-in-law. 
After chatting for a while, Paris checked the time and thought it would be too late if they waited to knock off work. Therefore, she dragged Vivian along to skip work together. 
If it were in the past, Paris would’ve never acted that way. However, for the sake of Vivian’s safety, she was willing to go all out. Otherwise, accidents could happen if they were to stay out too late. 
Vivian knew what Paris was thinking. While they were leaving, she signaled to the Chief Editor through the window. It was better than having to be scolded the next day. 
“Vivian, this is my first time skipping work. I didn’t expect it to be this exciting,” Paris said with a giggle. She had always been a studious child. Even when she was a student, she had never had any slip-ups and made it on time to every class. 
The first time doing something rebellious was undoubtedly a strange feeling for her. Glancing at Paris’ expression, Vivian chuckled. It had been a long time since she last laughed genuinely. To think it would be Paris who managed to squeeze one out of her. Seeing the smile on her face, Paris happily pulled her along. 
“What are you doing?” Vivian saw that Paris was still trying tugging on her arm as they walked.
“Oh! I forgot that you drove.” Paris scratched her head awkwardly before gesturing for Vivian to get her car while she waited. 
Looking at the muddle-headed Paris, Vivian couldn’t help but shake her head as she walked to the parking lot to retrieve her vehicle. There, a seemingly brand new SUV caught her attention. She curiously approached to take a closer look but froze as soon as the words written on the car came into view. 
It read, For my dearest sister, Vivian.
###Chapter 978
Chapter 978 
She had almost forgotten that she had asked Benedict to buy her a car before. She never thought he would still remember it. 
Vivian abandoned her own car that still looked brand new and drove the one gifted by Benedict. Meanwhile, Paris was quite relieved to see Vivian driving that car. She had almost forgotten about the car. Fortunately, Vivian still remembered it. 
“Hop in.” Sitting behind the wheels, Vivian had returned to her calm self. Her impassive expression reminded Paris of the time when she first knew her. At that time, Paris was very cautious in case she might accidentally offend Vivian. 
After getting to know her, Paris soon realized that beneath that cold facade lay a warm heart. She understood Vivian was now acting cold and distant because there was too much happening lately. 
None of them spoke in the car. Vivian had always been a woman of few words. As for Paris, she thought it’d be better if she remained silent, afraid she might say something wrong and unknowingly upset Vivian. She decided to only talk to Vivian when they arrived home. Throughout the ride, the young lady was looking at the passing scenery outside the window. 
By the time they reached home, Benedict was already waiting for them at the porch. His heart ached to see Vivian losing so much weight, yet he mentioned nothing about it. The purpose of having Vivian here was to cheer her up, not to upset her further. 
In a cheerful voice, Benedict exclaimed, “Vivian, you actually drove the car I gave you!” Initially, he was worried that Vivian might not even accept the gift. He was glad to see her driving it. 
Vivian nodded. “Thanks for the car, Ben.” Then, she followed Benedict into the house.
Benedict had had the food ready. In fact, the man’s cooking was much better than Finnick’s. In his time, he would search for new recipes and cooking videos to improve his cooking. 
Benedict was the one who prepared the lavish spread of food before Vivian. To make the latter feel comfortable and cozy, he even took a day off to clean up the house. 
“Come, have a seat.” Benedict knew Vivian had changed a lot, yet he never thought the young lady would distance herself from him. 
Vivian nodded and then complied. Sitting at the dining table, she watched Benedict and Paris as they busied themselves in the kitchen. Initially, she wanted to offer help. Yet, seeing their loving interaction, she decided to leave the two lovebirds alone. 
“Paris, grab me the olive oil.” 
“Paris, help me tie my apron. It’s hanging loose.” 
Benedict would call Paris from time to time, asking her to give him a hand. Vivian could sense their affection for each other in the air. Soon, Benedict was done with the final dish. The three of them were now sitting at the dining table, enjoying their meal. 
“Vivian, try this one; it tastes delicious. You should eat more!” Benedict helped fill Vivian’s bowl with food. Then, he would glance in Paris’ direction to make sure the latter had enough food on her plate. Although it was a subtle act, Vivian didn’t fail to notice it. 
Throughout the meal, Vivian remained silent. 
Knowing that it was not a habit of hers to talk while eating, both Benedict and Paris, too, ate their food in silence. They planned to have a heart-to-heart with Vivian after the meal in hopes of making her feel better.
The two were acting in a constrained manner throughout the meal. Yet, Vivian was perceptive enough to notice that they were trying hard not to display affection in front of her. 
Later, in the living room, Vivian listened as Benedict and Paris gave her the pep talk. They didn’t put it bluntly nor mention Larry, yet they conveyed their hopes for her to be prepared for the worst that could happen and stay strong. 
Vivian simply nodded in response. Soon, she left the Morrison residence. She should be heading home now as it was about the time she usually got off work. Anyway, she was glad to have spent the time with Benedict and Paris, especially seeing them being affectionate to each other. 
On her way back, Vivian’s mind was flooded with loving memories of her with Finnick. We were so happy back then… Why would something like this befall our family? 
She wiped her tears and kept her eyes on the road. Everyone had their difficulties and issues in life. She needed to stay strong to avoid becoming a burden to her family and friends.
###Chapter 979
Chapter 979 
Vivian planned to head back home. As she was driving, her mind was bothered with racing thoughts. Before she had even realized it, she had arrived at Finnick’s company. She took a glance at her watch. It was ten minutes before the employees clocked out. 
Since both the Finnor Group and the magazine company were under Finnick, they had the same knock-off time. Vivian got out of the car and entered the company building. The receptionist was one of the few who knew she was the president’s wife. 
Seeing Vivian’s cold expression, she asked meekly, “Mrs. Norton, may I help you?” It seems like Mrs. Norton is in a bad mood. 
All of the employees were aware that the president’s office was surrounded by a gloomy atmosphere lately. Yet, they had no idea what happened. 
Vivian cast a glance at the receptionist. “There is no need. Thank you.” With that, she headed upstairs. Her presence didn’t draw much attention in the office. The employees only knew that Vivian was a frequent visitor to their company, yet they had not the slightest idea of her identity. 
Thus, they only took a casual glance at Vivian before they continued with their work at hand. Inexplicably, it triggered Vivian’s negative emotions. Finnick could manage such a huge company and discipline his employees well, but he couldn’t even take good care of his family. Our family life is a mess now! 
Just then, Finnick’s assistant came up to her and greeted, “Hello, Mrs. Norton.” 
Vivian nodded. “Hi. I’m waiting for Finnick.”
Having studied psychology before, the assistant could tell that Vivian seemed reluctant to go to Norton’s office. Thus, instead of leading her straight away to the office, she asked, “Do you need me to bring you to Mr. Norton’s office?” 
“There is no need. I don’t want to disturb him, so I’ll wait for him here.” Hearing that, the assistant fetched her a glass of water before she clocked off. As the employers got off work, the office space soon became empty. 
Vivian had waited for quite a while, yet Finnick was still nowhere to be seen. Finnick usually leaves the office on time. What’s he doing upstairs in his office? 
Feeling doubtful, she went upstairs and pressed her ears against the door of the president’s office. Yet, she didn’t hear any sound at all. 
Vivian started to doubt if there was anyone in the office. After thinking for a while, she pushed open the door and found no one. Right then, she heard a sound coming from inside the resting room, barely audible. 
She entered the room and was immediately overwhelmed with awkwardness to see Finnick changing his clothes. Before she could leave, the man had grabbed hold of her waist and pinned her against the bed. “Vivian, are you here because you missed me?” 
Vivian’s heart was thumping wildly at the warmth of the man’s body. Meanwhile, Finnick buried his face against her neck and breathed in her body fragrance, waiting for her answer. 
“Finnick, get up.” Vivian felt awkward. It was as if she was caught in the act while peeking. Finnick did as she said, knowing that she might get mad if he didn’t. 
That was when Vivian noticed the man’s bloodshot eyes, yet she said nothing about it. Casting her eyes over the room, she said, “You can change your clothes. I’ll wait for you outside.” With that, she left
the man alone. 
In fact, she saw Larry’s toy just now, the one that the boy lost when the two of them were hiding in the resting room in the past. 
She supposed the toy must have reminded Finnick of Larry. 
As a man, Finnick was unwilling to show weakness in front of her. That man must be hiding in the room just now, crying. Perhaps he never thought Vivian would barge in. Vivian felt complicated right now, for she knew she still had feelings for that man. 
Yet, she was unwilling to get close to him, afraid it would remind her of Larry. She knew that Finnick was suffering no less agony than her. It was just that the man never showed his sadness. 
Nevertheless, she couldn’t bring herself to be with him like how they used to be in the past, pretending as if nothing had happened. Meanwhile, Finnick came out of the resting room to see Vivian deep in thought. 
“What’s wrong? What are you thinking right now?” asked Finnick, wrapping his arms around her. Vivian looked up, fixing her eyes at him while trying hard to suppress her sadness. 
It seemed like the man had collected himself as the redness around his eyes had disappeared. Still, as Vivian looked at his face, she could find traces of him having cried before. I’ve misunderstood him all the while. This man would never cry in front of me, but he is as sad and miserable as I am.
###Chapter 980
Chapter 980 
Seeing that Finnick was ready to go, Vivian stood up and then left the office. Finnick’s eyes followed the woman as she walked out of the office and shook his head. It looks like this time, Vivian has found out about me crying. 
Yet, he didn’t regret it, for he knew Vivian’s attitude had softened after finding out about him crying. 
Meanwhile, Vivian had reached her car and gotten behind the wheel. Just as she was about to drive off, Finnick slid into the passenger seat. Seeing that, Vivian furrowed her brows but didn’t say anything. The car drove off and soon vanished into the streams of traffic. 
The next day, Finnick arrived at his office to see a report on his desk. It was the investigation report from the detective agency he established to search for Larry. 
They must have found something, or they wouldn’t send him a report early in the morning. Finnick immediately flipped open the report and started reading it, not missing a single word as he went along. 
On the other hand, Vivian arrived at the magazine company to see Paris, who seemed troubled. The latter came up to her and grumbled about her parents. It turned out that Paris’ parents didn’t want their daughter to marry into the purple, and they asked Paris to break up with Benedict. 
Vivian was surprised by Paris’ parents’ reaction. I thought all parents would hope for their daughter to marry into a decent family and live a good life. Why are Paris’ parents so different from others? 
When she asked Paris about it, the latter answered, “Actually, we came from a small village. My parents only moved to the city to take care of me. They are against the idea of me marrying a rich man, afraid that people might think that I’m doing that to climb the social ladder.”
Although she still couldn’t understand Paris’ parents’ mindset, she respected their opinion. Yet, she would try her best to help Paris out. 
Vivian knew Paris accepted Benedict as her boyfriend not because of his wealth but out of love for him. She thought Paris’ parents were thinking too much, putting their daughter in a difficult position. 
“Why don’t I visit your parents after work? Let me talk to them.” Vivian believed the only way out was to communicate and persuade Paris’ parents. 
It would only make the matter worse if Paris got tough with her parents. Although Paris was a mild- mannered person, Vivian was afraid she might lose her temper and end up quarreling with her parents. 
“Alright.” Paris thought it was not a bad idea for the persuasive Vivian to talk to her parents. Although Vivian was not in a fit state, Paris believed she could deal with her parents well. Her parents might be a tough nut to crack, yet she knew Vivian was tactful enough to deal with them. 
“Your parents’ ion must have bothered you a lot. I see you were scolded by the chief editor just now?” Vivian asked. She believed Paris’ conflict with her parents alone was not enough to make her lose her cool. 
Vivian knew the chief editor must have bawled Paris out after seeing the latter’s document being hurled onto the ground. The poor Paris eventually lost it after being severely criticized. 
“Yeah.” In a bad mood, Paris whimpered, “Ugh! I want to be with Benedict so badly! I don’t want us to break up!” Instantly, she regretted her words the moment they emerged. She knew Vivian’s relationship with Finnick had turned sour lately, and it was inappropriate of her to say something like that in front of Vivian.
“It’s okay. Everything will be fine,” Vivian comforted her. That was when she suddenly thought of Larry. Is it true that everything will be fine? Can we really find Larry? 
Paris soon fell into silence, knowing that Vivian must be thinking about her son. She had confidence in Vivian. The latter was a tough woman who could overcome whatever life threw at her. 
Later, Vivian sent a message to the chief editor and got off work early. They went to a mall to buy some of Paris’ parents’ favorite snacks. After all, it would be inappropriate of Vivian to visit them empty- handed. 
The two looked around the mall. “Paris, which should I buy?” Vivian asked. Paris followed Vivian’s gaze and saw she was looking at some expensive health supplements.
###Chapter 981
Chapter 981 
She uttered frankly, “Actually, my parents have never taken health supplements before. I can’t afford them with my financial ability.” 
Although Paris was Benedict’s girlfriend, she never asked for a single penny from that man. 
Hearing that, Vivian made her own decision and picked some that she had previously bought for Samuel. 
Paris took a look at the price tag. A small bottle of supplements cost as much as her family’s monthly living expenses. “Vivian, you don’t need to buy these. They’re too expensive!” 
Vivian shot her a reassuring gaze. After making payment, they headed straight away to Paris’ house. In fact, Paris had constantly tried to persuade her parents over the past few days, yet her effort was in vain. 
Since Benedict was busy, she was reluctant to trouble him. She would only tell him about it if she really couldn’t solve it. 
Since Paris’ house was located rather far away from the city center, the whole journey took up quite some time. In the car, Vivian cast her eyes at Paris, who remained silent. She soon fell into deep thought. 
Meanwhile, at the Finnor Group, Finnick had just finished reading the report. He was now looking at a deserted place on the map. According to the detective agency’s findings, that was the place where Larry last appeared. 
Also, according to the report, there was a possibility that Larry was still alive. The boy had appeared at that place after Evelyn died, though it was unsure whether there was anyone with him. However, if
Larry was alone, the possibility of his survival was slim. 
Finnick thought that there was a high possibility Larry was still alive. It was impossible that a little boy could travel all the way to that deserted place on foot. Thus, there must be someone with him. 
Finnick wanted to call Vivian to share the good news with her. Yet, he hesitated the moment he took out his phone. He was unsure whether Larry was still alive. 
If he gave Vivian hope and later destroyed it, like what he did last time, he was afraid that the overwhelming disappointment might cause her to break down. Finnick was in a dilemma. Should I tell her the good news now? Or should I wait until I find Larry? 
Finnick still couldn’t make up his mind by the time he arrived home. He sat on the couch while waiting for Vivian’s return. I guess I’ll know what to do when she comes back. 
Meanwhile, both Vivian and Paris had arrived at their destination. It was the first time Vivian visited Paris’ house. She never thought Paris’ family was living in poverty, to the extent that even the door was in poor maintenance. 
Yet, Vivian didn’t show her surprise. She understood that different people had different ways of living. It would be unwise to judge people by their economic status. 
With a sheepish smile, Paris spoke up, “Vivian, our house is a little shabby. Sorry about that.” 
“It’s okay. Let go in.” Vivian followed suit as Paris entered the house. Although it was small, it had a homely atmosphere. Vivian might have a huge house, yet it felt empty and cold. All she needed most was a homey and warm home. 
It felt nice to be in Paris’ house. There, she met Paris’ parents, Albert and Winnie.
She greeted them and introduced herself, “Hi, Mr. Houston, Mrs. Houston, I’m Paris’ colleague, Vivian.” 
Both Albert and Winnie seemed to like Vivian a lot. The smiles never left their faces since they saw her. They made her sit on the couch and then brought her snacks and tea. Vivian was not used to such hospitality, yet it warmed her heart. 
It had been a long time since she felt so cozy and at home. 
With a heartfelt smile, she spoke up, “Actually, I noticed Paris looked a little upset in the office today, so I decided to drive her home and pay you a visit. Do you mind telling me what happened to her?”
###Chapter 982
Chapter 982 
To Paris’ parents, Vivian looked like a prim and demure young lady. They were happy that she was a friend of their daughter. Without any hesitation, they told her about her daughter’s love relationship and their worries about it. 
Although it was the same story as what she heard from Paris, Vivian took every word from them seriously. After that, she said understandingly, “I’ve seen Paris’ boyfriend before. He’s a handsome young man, and he is very nice to Paris. Mr. Houston, Mrs. Houston, you’re worried that people might gossip about Paris marrying into a rich family, or she might be unhappy in her marriage, am I right?” 
Vivian knew what was bothering them, so she was now to dispel their worries about it. 
Seeing that Albert and Winnie nodded in response, she continued by saying, “Paris’ boyfriend is very nice to her. Actually, you don’t need to care about what other people think. Don’t you want Paris to be happy?” 
Their thoughts wavered as Vivian kept convincing them about Benjamin being a nice guy. 
Finally, they agreed to give it some thought and reconsider the situation. Vivian decided not to be so pushy, so she ended the conversation. 
It was already dark outside by the time Vivian left their house. Albert and Winnie were kind to ask their daughter to walk Vivian to the door. 
On their way out, Paris expressed her gratitude for Vivian, “Vivian, you’re awesome! Since my parents have agreed to reconsider it, I believe they will eventually give their consent to me marrying Benedict.” 
Vivian was glad that she could be of help. “Well, I’m happy for you. I should be going now. Goodbye!” It’s already late at night. In fact, Vivian was impressed that she could rattle on for such a long time, just
like Ben. 
Meanwhile, Finnick was starving when Vivian finally arrived home. Vivian, on the other hand, was not hungry at all. She had treated herself with snacks and tea at Paris’ house. 
Finnick looked at her with a pitiful expression on his face. “Honey, I’m going to starve to death if you come home a little later.” He then took a seat at the dining table, waiting for Vivian to join him for dinner. 
Seeing that, Vivian felt a little awkward. “Actually, I’ve had dinner at Paris’ house.” 
Then, she told him the reason for her visiting Paris’ parents. 
The man looked dazed and confused. “Why didn’t you tell me earlier?” 
“Well, I’ve sent you a message.” 
Hearing that, Finnick grabbed his phone. He immediately saw the message. 
It turned out that Vivian had already sent him the message while he was waiting expectantly for her return. 
Feeling sorry for the poor guy, Vivian relented, “Fine. I’ll eat with you.” With that, she took a seat and had a second dinner with Finnick. 
Since there was not much room for food, she only ate a little. 
After dinner, Finnick asked her if she had successfully persuaded Paris’ parents. She answered, “They told me they are going to reconsider it.” 
“You’re good at counseling others and giving advice, but why didn’t you try counseling yourself?” As soon as Finnick said that, Vivian’s expression changed.
At that moment, he made up his mind not to tell her about the detective agency’s findings. He thought she couldn’t handle any more stress and disappointment. He would only tell her when he found Larry. 
After doing the dishes, the two went to bed. 
Yet, lying on the bed, Vivian couldn’t seem to sleep. She was still bothered by Finnick’s words. Larry has always been a taboo topic between us ever since he got kidnapped. Why did he suddenly bring it up? Was he trying to say something? Or was it just a slip of the tongue? 
Eventually, she fell asleep without having it figured out. 
The next morning, Paris showed up at the office in a better mood than the other day. 
Seeing that, Vivian asked if her parents had agreed to her marrying Benedict. The latter nodded in affirmation while looking at her in admiration. “Vivian, you’re awesome! I can’t believe you could successfully persuade my parents!” 
Hearing that, Vivian felt shy to claim credit for the events.
###Chapter 983
Chapter 983 
In actual fact, Vivian did nothing except share her opinion with Paris’ parents. 
Back then, Finnick was willing to marry her even when she had no citizenship. Thus, love was what brought a couple together. Likewise, no one could separate them as long as they loved each other. 
When Vivian told Paris about it, the latter only smiled at her. In her heart, Paris couldn’t be more grateful to Vivian. The two ended the conversation and soon dove into work. 
When the chief editor arrived at work, she called Vivian and Paris into her office. The atmosphere in the room was depressing as she kept staring at the two, not saying a word. 
Just as Vivian thought the chief editor was going to stare at them forever, the latter finally broke the silence, “So, tell me, why did you skip work yesterday?” 
Although she saw Vivian’s message yesterday, she was still angry at them. 
After working for so many years, it was the first time she saw employees flagrantly skipping work. Even though Vivian was the president’s wife, that should not be a justified reason for her violation of the company’s rules. 
Vivian kept her head down at the chief editor’s question. After a while, she looked up at the latter and admitted their mistakes, “Actually, we had an emergency yesterday. We’re sorry for violating the company’s regulations, and we’ll accept punishment for skipping work.” 
“Fine then. I want both of you to send me a ten thousand words self-reflection report.” With that, the chief editor threw them out of her office. That was when Paris finally came back to her senses. It was an intimidating experience to be scolded by the chief editor. “Vivian, I’m sorry. It was all my fault. I…”
Vivian stopped her from apologizing, “No. I should be responsible as well. Now, let’s start working on our reports.” 
With that, she started writing her report. As for Paris, she would work on it later since she still had other work at hand. 
The two were required to complete the reports before they were allowed to leave the office. If they failed to do so, their salary would be deducted. To the chief editor, it was an awful offense to skip work. 
One could imagine how disastrous it could be if an interviewer suddenly disappeared when interviewing a prominent figure. 
Hence, the chief editor would not tolerate anyone who dared skip work. Such a bad attitude deserved severe punishment. 
When Benedict arrived to fetch Paris from work, he saw the two young ladies busy working on their self-reflection reports. 
He was amused seeing Paris sprawling over the table, writing her report with a pitiful expression on her face. 
He made his way to Vivian’s cubicle and poked on her shoulder. 
Vivian spun around when somebody touched her, her face full of disgust. 
When she saw it was Benedict, the coldness in her eyes disappeared, and her expression softened. 
Upon receiving Benjamin’s gaze signal, Vivian lowered her voice as she asked, “Ben, why are you here?” 
Benjamin then led his sister to the pantry as not to disturb Paris.
“What happened to Paris?” Benedict once again recalled Paris’ pitiful look. Inexplicably, he found her all the more adorable. 
Vivian whispered, “The chief editor scolded us for skipping work yesterday.” 
She felt a little embarrassed talking about it, especially when there were other people in the pantry. 
“Why did you and Paris skip work?” Benjamin asked. 
Vivian was at a loss for words, not knowing how to respond. 
She knew Paris didn’t want Benedict to know about her conflict with her parents. Although everything was solved now, she was unsure whether she should tell Benedict about it. 
Seeing Vivian’s reaction, Benedict knew the ladies were hiding something from him. Vivian’s eyes darted from side to side. 
Finally, she came up with an excuse, “Ben, it’s time to get off work. I gotta go now!” With that, she scurried off and left the office with other colleagues. 
In the past, Vivian would have joked around with Benedict to put him off. Yet, after having been through so much, she was no longer the sprightly and cheeky Vivian.
###Chapter 984
Chapter 984 
Benedict shook his head in resignation. Then, he made a call. “Hey, your employee is squeezing my girlfriend dry. Can you do something about it?” 
He ended the call after receiving a satisfying reply. He then cast a glance at Paris before walking out of the office. 
A moment later, the chief editor called Paris into her room. Paris stood meekly before the chief editor. She thought the latter was going to berate her since she hadn’t hand in the report. 
As she braced herself, she heard the chief editor saying, “You can go home now. Hand in the report tomorrow.” 
At that instant, her eyes widened in disbelief. Is this person in front of me a fake? I never thought I would hear something like that from the chief editor. 
“That’s it. You can leave now.” With that, the chief editor continued with her work. Paris was still confused when she walked out of the chief editor’s office. What happened to her? What made her suddenly change her mind to let me off early? 
Feeling doubtful, she kept casting her gaze at the chief editor’s office while cleaning off her desk before leaving the office. 
It turned out that Benedict had called Finnick just now. Or else, it was impossible that the chief editor would let Paris off easily. In fact, the chief editor was as confused as Paris about the latter’s identity. She was surprised when she received the call from Finnick, asking her to go easy on Paris. 
Even so, she only agreed to extend the deadline for the report until tomorrow.
Nevertheless, Paris was more than satisfied with the chief editor’s leniency. 
“Paris, over here! Get in!” As soon as she walked out of the company building, she was surprised to see Benedict waiting for her in the car. Today is indeed a magical day! Not only did the chief editor show mercy on me, rather, I also get to meet my boyfriend after work. 
“Hi,” she greeted. In her daze, she watched as Benedict got out of the car to open the car door for her. 
In the car, Paris promptly told Benedict about her day at work. 
The latter responded with a smile after hearing her “adventurous” day. The two had dinner together and took a walk along the tree-lined road. Later that night, Benedict drove Paris home. 
Before that, Paris was shy around Benedict. Now that the two had become a couple for quite a long time, Paris felt to tease that man, “See you tomorrow, cutie pie.” 
Benedict’s gaze followed the young lady as she entered her house. A smile appeared on his face when he recalled her teasing. Soon, he drove off, heading back home. 
Meanwhile, Vivian arrived home to find Finnick sitting on the couch. “Honey,” the man called out. 
He was happy that Vivian went home straight away instead of eating out like yesterday. 
“Mm,” Vivian impassively uttered a response. She must admit that finding out that Finnick was crying yesterday had had an impact on her. 
Yet, she could’ve forgiven anyone but Finnick. He was the man she loved, and that was all the more reason she couldn’t forgive him. 
Perhaps people were usually harder on their loved ones than when treating outsiders.
“Let’s have dinner!” Finnick intended to carry Vivian to the dining hall like always, but the latter shunned away from him. 
Vivian cast an indifferent glance at him. “I’ll go by myself.” Then, she made her way toward the dining hall. 
Finnick let out a bitter smile at her cold attitude. 
He actually thought Vivian would’ve forgiven him by now. 
Downhearted, he sighed. Regardless, he would patiently wait for Vivian to forgive him and take him back again. 
However, misfortunes never came alone. Vivian received the news that Rachel’s health deteriorated, and that was the straw that broke the camel’s back. 
Since she kicked Rachel out of the nursing home, she had hired a bodyguard to keep an eye on her. On the one hand, she was hoping she could find Larry’s whereabouts by following Rachel. On the other hand, she wanted to ensure Rachel’s health and safety. 
Unfortunately, her worries had come true. 
The news had really knocked Vivian sideways. Looking at the message from the bodyguard, she thought she’d better go and check on Rachel. 
Soon, she made a call to the chief editor to take the day off tomorrow. Then, she called the bodyguard to get their location.
###Chapter 985
Chapter 985 
Although Rachel’s health condition had worsened, the bodyguard did nothing but watched Rachel lying on the ground since he received no order from Vivian. 
There were a lot of people surrounding the place by the time Vivian arrived. They all wished to help, yet they were afraid that might stir up trouble for themselves. 
Besides, the place was not a silk-stocking district, and the people in the neighborhood were not rich either. They were not philanthropists who would help any stranger they saw on the road. 
Standing amongst them, Vivian watched Rachel lying on her back, her body convulsing in pain. 
The woman was sweating profusely in pain. Soon the ground was dampened by her sweat. 
With her brows knitted, Vivian fell into deep thoughts. Rachel was rolling around in pain. Suddenly, she caught sight of Vivian, who was standing amongst the crowd. 
She knew this would be the end of her the moment her eyes met Vivian’s icy gaze. With her current health condition, death would be her only outcome if she didn’t receive treatment. 
When their eyes met, Vivian knew she couldn’t bring herself to leave Rachel for dead. Eventually, she asked the bodyguard to carry Rachel into her car. 
She then sat in the backseat next to Rachel. Seeing the woman’s slovenly appearance, Vivian knew she must have been through a rough time lately. Perhaps to Rachel, her nightmare was near its end. Yet, to Vivian, it was just the beginning of her sufferings. 
No one could truly understand the pain of her losing her child. It was such unbearable pain, as if someone was cutting her flesh. When Larry went missing, it felt like a part of her was gone.
Her heart ached whenever she thought Larry might be suffering alone in an unknown place. Every breath she took would cause a sharp pain in her chest. Whenever that happened, she must hold her breath and try to calm herself down, for every breath she took felt like a whiff of poison that was slowly killing her. 
Meanwhile, Rachel was experiencing enormous pain. Having difficulty speaking, she asked in a barely audible voice, “V-Vivian, why… why would you save me?” 
Vivian’s eyes bore straight into Rachel’s as she spoke, “Are you afraid that I am saving your life so that I can torture after that?” She knew what Rachel was worrying merely by looking at the latter’s eyes. 
As expected, Rachel fell into silence upon hearing her words. 
For a moment, Vivian wanted to vent her hatred and make that woman suffer. Yet, she eventually swallowed her spiteful words and said, “Stop talking now. We’ll arrive at the hospital soon.” 
Oh, Vivian, you can’t even be mean. Vivian curled her lips into a self-deprecating smile. Well, at least Evelyn has never cared about Rachel. That alone is enough to make her suffer. 
Meanwhile, Rachel remained silent. 
After hearing Vivian’s words, she knew she would be fine. 
She was the one who raised Vivian, and she knew that young lady well. Vivian wouldn’t let me die. She will send me to the hospital as she said. 
With that in mind, she slowly closed her eyes. 
At that instant, Vivian was frightened. She asked the bodyguard to speed up.
Then, she brought her finger to Rachel’s nose to feel for the latter’s breath. Luckily, she was still breathing. 
Fifteen minutes later, the car pulled up in front of the hospital. Vivian once again waited outside the emergency room. She and the emergency room had some history, and they went way back. In fact, this was the sixth time of her waiting outside an emergency room ever since she met Finnick. 
Instead of feeling nervous like all the previous times, this time, Vivian was calm as she sat on the bench while waiting. 
It was not because the person inside the emergency room was Rachel. Rather, she couldn’t care less about others anymore, for she had already lost the person she cared most. 
Ever since Larry was gone, she had become a cold and unfeeling woman. 
Since Vivian was not agitated, she felt that she hadn’t waited for long when Rachel was wheeled out. She went over to ask about Rachel’s condition. The nurse removed her mask before she replied, “The patient is alright now, but she needs a bone marrow transplant as soon as possible, or her chance of survival will be slim.” 
Vivian nodded at the nurse. Soon after, a mocking smile appeared on her face. That woman couldn’t find a bone marrow match when her biological daughter was still alive. Now that Evelyn is dead, it seems like it’s her fate to die from leukemia.
###Chapter 986
Chapter 986 
For a brief moment, Vivian’s heart was overwhelmed with mixed feelings when she heard Rachel was going to die soon. 
Yet, those feelings soon faded away, leaving no trace at all. 
When Vivian entered the ward, Rachel had regained consciousness. It seemed like the latter had become more resistant to the effect of anesthesia since she could wake up within such a short time. 
Vivian made her way toward the woman. “Are you hungry? Do you want to eat?” she asked. 
Gazing at Rachel coldly, Vivian knew she must be hungry right now. 
Rachel nodded meekly under her cold stare. Seeing that, Vivian turned and left the ward. As for Rachel, she was lying on the bed, deep in her thoughts. 
Vivian was back in no time, and her speed floored Rachel. 
Rachel knew where the canteen was located. She never thought Vivian would be back with the food so quickly. 
Is she worried that I might be hungry? Still, she doubted if Vivian would really be that kind to her. All the while, she kept staring at Vivian, not saying a word. 
Meanwhile, Vivian had adjusted the overbed table. She helped Rachel up and put a pillow behind her back so she could sit up comfortably. Then, she handed her the disposable fork. 
Rachel couldn’t help feeling warmth in her heart seeing Vivian taking care of her. 
In fact, even Evelyn had never treated her with such care before.
“What, are you scared that I would poison you?” Vivian thought Rachel was suspecting her when the latter kept staring at her, so she grabbed another fork and tasted all the food to prove that they were safe for consumption. 
Seeing that, Rachel quickly explained, “No. I don’t mean that.” 
With that, she started digging in. 
It was the best meal she had ever had over the past fifteen days. 
As she gorged herself on the food, she choked and started coughing violently. Vivian immediately handed her a glass of water and then patted her back. When she finally stopped coughing, Vivian took the glass from her, placing it on the table. 
Rachel said earnestly, “Thank you.” Vivian nodded before she went to sit on the couch opposite the bed. 
She couldn’t bring herself to dump Rachel alone in the hospital. So, she had no choice but to take care of her. 
“Aren’t you going to eat?” Rachel noticed Vivian hadn’t eaten anything since she started taking care of her. 
She saw Vivian shook her head in reply. 
Vivian stayed in the hospital taking care of Rachel until eight at night. 
“I’ll be going now. Press the call bell if you need anything. The nurse will attend to you.” With that, she turned and made her way toward the exit.
Just then, she heard Rachel’s voice from behind, “Why are you so nice to me? Why did you save me after abandoning me?” Her voice was hoarse since she hadn’t talked for a long time, which sounded sorrowful to Vivian. 
“Because you raised me,” was Vivian’s reply before she left. 
Vivian had no idea what she would say if the conversation continued. Also, she was reluctant to hear Rachel’s mushy words. 
So far, she had no intention of forgiving Rachel. 
The only reason she took care of Rachel was that she couldn’t bring herself to see her die. 
It was late at night when she arrived home. Having needed to take care of Rachel, she had only eaten breakfast all day long. 
As expected, she saw Finnick looking at her with resentment. “Where did you go?” he asked. 
At that moment, Vivian felt as if she was a husband coming home late while Finnick, as her wife, was sulking. 
“Rachel’s health condition has worsened, and I took care of her today,” she answered seriously.
###Chapter 987
Chapter 987 
Vivian realized she didn’t know how to bring herself to face Rachel and Finnick. 
They both used to be important to her but disappointed her greatly because of what they did. 
Her mind was in a whirl as she tried to process those thoughts. 
Coming to the dining table, she glanced at Finnick and hinted. I’m starving. If you’re not joining me, I’ll go ahead without you. 
Instantly, Finnick understood her and joined her at the table. When Larry was here, he would be sitting across from them. Now that he wasn’t here, the house felt empty. 
“How is it going now?” Finnick asked. Vivian was initially confused by Finnick’s question, but she soon realized it was about Rachel. 
Vivian relayed the nurse’s words to Finnick and returned to being focused on her meal. 
As she had starved for the entire day, Finnick said nothing so that she could enjoy her meal. 
Vivian had taken her dinner too late, so she couldn’t go to bed yet. Otherwise, it would be bad for her digestive system. She sat on the couch in the living room and turned on the TV. 
Previously, she was too preoccupied with work and Larry to watch any dramas. She was either working hard in her office or taking care of her child at home. 
Now that Larry wasn’t around, she felt lonely. 
A romantic scene appeared on screen immediately. Frowning, Vivian switched channels. Finnick found her reaction amusing, but he said nothing.
Vivian scrolled through every channel available, but she couldn’t find any interesting drama to watch. Well, I guess the producers don’t really care about the content they produce. Vivian raised her brows at the thought and went upstairs to wash herself up before going to bed. 
Finnick trailed behind her and washed up alongside her. 
Back then, they agreed to install two sinks and mirrors in the bathroom, so they could wash up together. 
Vivian couldn’t help but roll her eyes at how Finnick followed her actions. He had already squeezed the toothpaste out, though, so she couldn’t kick him out of the bathroom. 
The next day, Vivian arrived at work and greeted Paris. Seeing Paris trying to tamp her excitement down, she asked her what had happened. 
Paris promptly told her about yesterday’s events. 
Vivian had left earlier than usual yesterday. At noon, Paris bought some stuff and went to visit her parents. Her parents were pleased with the elegant-looking Benedict. Delighted, they started urging for the couple to get married soon. 
When Paris explained how Vivian and Benedict were related, her parents were both stunned, but they soon realized it made sense. After all, they adored Vivian. Naturally, it was normal for her to have a gentlemanly brother such as Benedict. 
When Benedict met them, he didn’t show off his wealth. Instead, he started chatting with them warmly. He showed no signs of looking down on them. 
Anyway, Mr. and Mrs. Houston were pleased with their future son-in-law.
When Benedict was about to leave, they even told him to come to visit them often. 
As Paris explained everything, she herself found it unbelievable. 
Meanwhile, Vivian wasn’t surprised at all. 
When she talked to Paris’ parents, she found them welcoming. 
Of course, they would be delighted at Paris’ boyfriend. Ben has met her parents. Does that mean they are getting married soon? When Vivian posed that question to Paris, the latter gave her a vague answer. 
“Er, I’m not sure. We’ll see when the time comes,” was her answer. 
Vivian nodded silently. It was none of her business, anyway. 
No matter what, she was glad to see the couple, which she had brought together, progressing ahead steadily.
###Chapter 988
Chapter 988 
After the brief exchange, Vivian and Paris threw themselves into work. 
When it was time to get off work, instead of heading home, Vivian went to visit Rachel. 
The moment she pushed the door to Rachel’s ward open, she saw Rachel looking up in surprise. 
Suspicion grew in Vivian’s heart. Is there something on my face? Why is Vivian surprised at seeing me? 
“I thought you wouldn’t be here.” Rachel’s words cleared Vivian’s doubts immediately. 
Sometimes, Vivian does resemble me. 
Rachel had that thought in mind when Vivian asked, “Have you eaten? How did you fare last night?” 
Warmth engulfed Rachel’s heart when she heard Vivian’s concern. 
Should I tell her where Larry is? Look at her dark eye circles and haggard figure. She must be terribly upset at Larry’s passing, right? 
Previously, Evelyn had instructed Rachel to kill Larry. However, as Larry had come to visit Rachel a few times, she wasn’t as ruthless as Evelyn to kill the little boy. She ended up hiding him somewhere secluded. 
She wasn’t planning on informing Vivian, but right now, she couldn’t help but second-guess herself upon seeing Vivian’s reaction. 
“What’s wrong?” Vivian asked upon sensing Rachel’s silence.
Did something bad happen last night? Or is she keeping something from me? 
“I’m alright. I’ve taken my meal on time.” After pondering about it, Rachel thought she should wait for a little. Vivian might be showing her concern to trick her into revealing Larry’s current location. 
Vivian scrutinized Rachel, who seemed to be faring better than yesterday. 
The doctor said that she still had to remain in the hospital for a few days as Rachel could easily get a relapse. 
Vivian would bring supplements along to visit Rachel often. She hoped Rachel would recover soon so she wouldn’t have to worry that much. 
For the past few days, Rachel had observed Vivian quietly. Vivian’s caring actions caused her to panic silently. Should I listen to my daughter and avenge her? Or should I tell Vivian the truth? 
Rachel didn’t have an answer to that, so she decided to wait and see. I’ll tell Vivian the truth when the time comes. 
Vivian didn’t sense Rachel’s discomfort and continued visiting the latter every day. 
One day, Noah called out Vivian’s name. As Rachel was asleep in her bed, Vivian walked out of her ward. She guessed Noah had something to tell her and waited patiently for the man to speak. 
“Mrs. Norton, why are you still taking care of Rachel? Don’t you know what Evelyn had done? Did you forget how she nearly destroyed your family using the bomb? And that you nearly got a divorce?” 
Noah found out that Vivian was taking care of Rachel through his girlfriend, Ivana. Rage took over him, so he blurted his thought out without hesitation. Having said his piece, he belatedly realized it was too harsh.
“Mrs. Norton, I’m sorry for acting impulsively.” Vivian was no longer his employer, but he still thought of her as so. 
Vivian knew he was furious, so she shook her head to show that she wasn’t bothered. 
“No matter what her daughter did to me, she raised me,” explained Vivian. “I can’t forget that.” 
Seeing Vivian’s resoluteness, Noah fell silent. 
Clearly, she valued her relationship with Rachel. Noah nodded reluctantly. He chatted with her briefly before he left. When Vivian returned to Rachel’s room, the latter was wide awake. 
She stared at Rachel silently. It was so quiet that they could hear the sound of each other breathing. Rachel was the one who finally broke the suffocating silence.
###Chapter 989
Chapter 989 
“Tell me what Evelyn did to harm you,” Rachel stated calmly. Hearing that, Vivian immediately realized Rachel had overheard her conversation with Noah just now. 
Since Rachel had said it out loud, there was no need for her to keep Evelyn’s doings a secret anymore. Initially, Vivian thought Rachel knew about her daughter’s evildoings, but evidently, Evelyn had tricked her. 
At once, Vivian revealed everything that Evelyn had ever done to her. Rachel was stunned into silence. I can’t believe Evelyn lied to me! I even helped her to do something despicable! 
For a very long while, she was unable to calm down. Turns out I was wrong all the while. Vivian is the victim, not Evelyn. 
Right now, Rachel wanted to hug Vivian and tell her, “You must’ve suffered a lot, child.” 
Alas, she knew the moment she trusted Evelyn, she no longer had the right to comfort Vivian. 
Rachel’s emotions were a complex mixture. She had no clue how to console Vivian. She also knew Vivian did not need her comfort at all. 
Seeing Rachel’s reaction, something occurred to Vivian. Evelyn must’ve lied to her and twisted the truth. Well, well. Evelyn is indeed capable. She must’ve lied to Shane, too. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have gone down the wrong path. 
Vivian let out a bitter laugh. It’s too late to dwell on the past now. 
“Vivian,” called out Rachel. She wanted to apologize for the harm that she caused Vivian. All the while, she had always favored Evelyn and refused to trust Vivian.
However, nothing came out of her mouth. 
I’ve loved my daughter dearly and gave her everything she had ever wanted, but she used me and nearly caused my death. 
She slumped back in her bed, defeated. Vivian passed her a napkin and went out. 
Vivian knew it must be hard for Rachel to accept the truth, so she gave the latter some time alone to come to her senses and vent her frustrations out if needed. It would be difficult for Rachel to do so if she remained there by her side. 
Meanwhile, Rachel was grateful that Vivian had left her alone. At least she wouldn’t be reminded of how pathetic her life had been. Vivian strolled around the hospital and arrived at a shop. 
Rachel must be parched after she cries her heart out. I’ll buy some milk for her. Vivian did just that. 
An hour had passed, so she thought that Rachel must’ve calmed down by now. 
Vivian came to a stop outside the room and pressed her ear to the door. There was no sound inside, so she knocked on the door and entered. 
Indeed, Rachel was calm once again, her face showing no sign of tears. Vivian went to her and gave her the milk she bought at the shop earlier. She then sat down on the couch. 
It was already close to five in the afternoon, and Rachel was about to be discharged from the hospital, so Vivian decided to take the day off to take care of her. If Rachel suffered from a relapse again, her previous efforts would be in vain. 
As Rachel was staring at the milk blankly, Vivian didn’t urge her. She’ll drink it when she feels like it. I don’t have to remind her.
Vivian relaxed on the couch and toyed with her phone while Vivian lay in her bed silently. None of them spoke for a long while. 
Finally, Rachel decided to tell Vivian where Larry was. “Vivian,” she uttered, but Vivian’s phone started ringing. 
“What is it?” Vivian returned. She wanted to listen to what Rachel had to say before answering her phone. 
However, Rachel waved her hand and gestured for her to answer the call. It didn’t seem to be urgent, so Vivian headed outside to pick up the call. The call was from Finnick. Something must’ve happened.
###Chapter 990
Chapter 990 
“What’s wrong?” Vivian answered the call and spoke. Immediately, Finnick’s anxious voice rang out, causing her heart to sink. “Vivian, they’ve found Larry’s body. We need to identify it.” 
“Stay in the hospital,” he told her. “I’ll come and pick you up.” Yet, Vivian was already at a loss for words. 
Little pumpkin’s body? It looks like we aren’t fated to be mother and son. He has already left me. I’m not fit to be a mother. 
Vivian let out a self-deprecating chuckle as her body slid down the wall slowly. She held her head and began sobbing. 
I’ve always thought Evelyn was lying about my little pumpkin being dead. It turns out she really did the deed. 
At that thought, Vivian shook her head profusely and told herself, “No, it can’t be.” 
Looking up, she saw Finnick walking toward her. She rose to her feet promptly and rushed to him. 
Shaking him in desperation, she demanded, “Why did Larry die? He shouldn’t have died. Am I right, Finnick?” Tears blurred her vision. 
Finnick’s here. As long as he’s here, I will find a way out. At that thought, she started questioning him. 
After all, everything had happened because of Finnick. 
Nevertheless, there was no time to blame him right now. She had to identify the body and see if it was indeed Larry. There might be a possibility that the police had gotten it wrong.
Holding on to that last string of hope, Vivian allowed Finnick to lead her out of the hospital and into the car. Meanwhile, Finnick’s brows furrowed up when he saw how worn out Vivian was. 
Previously, he was wondering if he should inform Vivian. In the end, he decided on telling her everything. Larry was also her son, so she had the right to be informed. 
Yet, he couldn’t help but regret his decision upon seeing how upset Vivian was. What if Vivian breaks down and history repeats itself? Well, it’s too late now. Let’s just hope the police had gotten it wrong. 
While Finnick was driving, Vivian kept urging him to speed up. However, Finnick couldn’t exceed the speed limit, though he wished he could. 
Finally, they arrived at the destination after Vivian’s incessant urging. 
There, Vivian realized why they were asked to identify Larry’s body. That was the last place he was seen alive. 
The police didn’t know Larry had appeared elsewhere, so they concluded that the body was Larry’s corpse based on the little evidence they had. 
“Hello. Are you Mr. Norton?” asked the police officer. 
Finnick nodded, so the police officer brought them to the corpse. 
As Finnick was worried about Vivian’s reaction, he kept holding her. Vivian’s attention was focused on Larry, so she didn’t notice her surroundings. 
The moment the body appeared in her sight, she froze on the spot. 
The corpse was severely burnt and charred. There was also sulfuric acid all over it. Most people wouldn’t dare to lay a finger on the corpse.
Finnick’s instincts told him this wasn’t Larry. He wanted to run a DNA test at the hospital, but the body was drenched in sulfuric acid. It might bring trouble to the doctor if they were careless. 
After careful deliberation, he decided not to run a DNA test. 
The detective agency claimed to have seen Larry earlier, so there was no way this would be his son. He would wait for their news. 
Finnick had made up his mind. He was clear-headed, but Vivian panicked instantly. She collapsed on the ground and broke into tears. 
Finnick was at a loss seeing Vivian’s emotional breakdown. He had already told Vivian this wasn’t Larry, but she thought he was lying to her.
###Chapter 991
Chapter 991 
Vivian didn’t want to keep lying to herself. She crept forward and tried to touch the charred body, but Finnick stopped her. 
“Vivian, there’s sulfuric acid on the body.” 
Hearing his warning, Vivian merely paused for a second before reaching out stubbornly. Finnick immediately grabbed her hand. As sulfuric acid was harmful to the human body, the consequences would be dire to those who touched it. 
Finnick held her tightly, fearing she would escape his hold and run toward the body when he wasn’t paying attention. If that really happened, it would be too late to stop her. 
“Listen, Vivian. That isn’t Larry. He appeared after Evelyn’s death. That isn’t Larry,” he repeated firmly. Alas, Vivian no longer trusted his words. 
As he had tricked her previously, she refused to believe him. I won’t be tricked easily. Never again. 
Tears rolled down her cheeks as she glared at Finnick. 
“Stop lying to me. Does lying make you feel better? I know what you’re trying to do. Stop it,” she declared and turned to leave. However, before she could step out of the door, she passed out and collapsed in a crumpled heap. 
“Vivian!” Finnick gave the police officer a look before he picked her up and rushed to the hospital. 
After a thorough examination, she turned out to be fine. The recent events had shocked her immensely and caused her to faint out of a sudden. The doctor said she would be alright and hooked her up to an IV drip.
Finnick sat by her bed and stared at her wordlessly as thoughts flooded his mind. 
Vivian soon regained consciousness as she wasn’t really ill. When her eyelids fluttered open, Finnick was nodding off. 
He hadn’t slept for twenty-four hours. Vivian took a glance at him and slowly put on her shoes to not wake him up. She left the room for a stroll outside. It felt too claustrophobic being in the ward. 
“Little pumpkin, I’m here!” Vivian spotted someone who resembled Larry and called out excitedly. When she turned around, the figure disappeared into thin air. 
Vivian felt her head buzzing. Am I seeing things? 
Five minutes later, the same scene happened all over again. It was obvious that something was wrong. Vivian had hallucinations. 
When Finnick jolted awake, Vivian wasn’t around. He dashed out and tried to find her, but she was nowhere to be seen. After all, he wasn’t capable enough of stopping a person who was determined to leave. 
Finnick wandered around the hospital in an effort to find Vivian. 
“Did you see a skinny woman this tall in a hospital gown?” 
“Did you see a woman about this tall wearing a hospital gown?” 
Finnick asked around, but no one had spotted her. 
Anxiety grew in his heart. Even if Vivian tried to escape, there’s no way she could escape this far.
He ran his fingers through his hair in frustration. Staring at the people walking along the hallway, he was at a loss at what to do next. Suddenly, a commotion caught his attention. 
In a daze, Finnick thought he heard Vivian’s voice. Something must’ve happened to her! Without hesitation, he dashed into the crowd and saw Vivian, who he had been wildly searching for. 
“Vivian!” She’s no longer the elegant and gentle Vivian I know, Finnick realized with a start. Right now, Vivian was chasing after something invisible, her hair a disheveled mess. 
Immediately, Finnick thought she had gone crazy. As he stepped forward and reached Vivian’s side, he heard her muttering, “Little pumpkin, Mommy and Daddy miss you a lot. You’re finally back!” 
Frowning, Finnick guessed she must be seeing things. Otherwise, something must’ve triggered her senses.
###Chapter 992
Chapter 992 
“Vivian, he isn’t here. This isn’t Larry,” said Finnick as he pointed at nothing. However, Vivian ignored his words and shoved him away. 
“Finnick, you’re his father. How could you say that? Look, our little pumpkin is standing right in front of us!” she demanded while pointing at the figure she saw. 
Finnick froze, not knowing what to say. 
He was racking his brains, trying to find a solution, when Benedict rushed down the hallway toward them. 
After both men exchanged brief greetings, Benedict immediately asked about Vivian’s condition. 
The crowd dispersed once the show was over. Finnick started explaining everything to Benedict. 
“That wasn’t Larry, but Vivian refused to listen to me. She insisted it was Larry. Well, I’m at a loss now.” Finnick knitted his brows in concern. 
“Remember the psychologist? Let’s bring Vivian to him now,” suggested Benedict. There was no other choice now. They had to try all available means. 
Finnick nodded in agreement. Back then, Vivian recovered after taking the drugs. He didn’t know if she could recover easily this time, but he still had to give it a try. 
Knock, knock, knock! At the doctor’s office, Benedict and Finnick knocked three times before entering with Vivian. 
When the doctor spotted Finnick, he immediately knew Finnick’s wife had relapsed.
“Can you examine my wife?” asked Finnick as he helped Vivian onto the chair. 
Vivian didn’t want to sit, but she was no match for the two men. 
The doctor examined her and came up with his diagnosis soon. Vivian was living in her own imaginary world. No one could enter her world, and she couldn’t leave it either. It was up to her to get out of it. 
“How is she?” Finnick gazed at the doctor earnestly. A bitter smile appeared on the doctor’s lips. 
It looks like he cares for his wife a lot. I remember how aloof he was back then. Now, he’s keen to know his wife’s condition. 
“There are two solutions. The first one is hypnosis. Mrs. Norton will experience the same thing all over again through this method. The second is to do nothing and allow her to live in her imaginary world.” 
The doctor presented two solutions immediately without using any complicated medical terms so Finnick could understand easily. It was now up to Finnick to pick one. 
“She will experience it all over again? What if her condition worsens?” Finnick was afraid she wouldn’t be able to take another blow. 
I can’t afford to lose her. She might be living in her imaginary world now, but at least she’s still happy. Maybe this is for the best. 
Finnick made up his mind and looked at Benedict, who shot him an encouraging nod. They dared not try anything reckless as Vivian’s life was at stake. 
The consequences would be too hard to bear. 
“Let’s take the safe approach,” said Finnick. He sounded worn out.
That was within the doctor’s expectations, so he nodded readily. 
“I’ll prescribe some meds for Mrs. Norton to aid with her condition,” he replied. Finnick nodded in approval, so he began writing the prescription down. Finnick glanced at the prescription and went to retrieve the medication, leaving Vivian with Benedict. 
It was similar to the prescription previously, but there were some minor changes to it. Hopefully, Vivian will recover after taking her meds, he thought. 
As he strode out, he wondered if he should bring Vivian home to recuperate. It would be better for her to rest at home. He could also take care of her.
###Chapter 993
Chapter 993 
Finnick then took the time to analyze the situation before deciding to bring Vivian home with him. 
As Vivian had lost her mind, he had to search for Larry himself. 
After retrieving the medications, he returned to find Benedict waiting at the door with a seemingly excited Vivian. The corners of Finnick’s mouth turned up in a smile as he reached out and caressed Vivian’s cheek. 
Turning to Benedict, he said, “Ben, I broke my promise. Instead of taking good care of Vivian, I let her suffer.” Back then, when Finnick came to plead for Vivian’s return, he gave Benedict his word that he would take good care of Vivian. 
Guilt crept across Finnick at the sight of Vivian’s predicament. Benedict seemed unperturbed. He knew how upset Finnick was. 
“Back then, I wasn’t in love. But now, I know how hard it is to protect someone you love. You don’t have to apologize, for you have done your best. Think about your next step carefully,” Benedict concluded. 
After patting Finnick’s shoulder, he bade goodbye to the former and walked away. 
He wasn’t needed here anymore. Plus, they needed their alone time. 
Spotting Vivian’s chapped lips, Finnick rushed to the water dispenser and filled up a cup of water for her. Instead of drinking it, Vivian poured it onto the ground while mumbling, “Little pumpkin, have some water. You must be parched.” 
Finnick could only watch as she emptied the cup’s content onto the floor. He promptly refilled the cup and brought it to her lips.
“Vivian, your lips are chapped, too.” After Vivian gulped down the water obediently, she wrapped her arms around Finnick. 
“Larry’s such a good boy, Finnick. But why isn’t he as cheerful as before?” she declared. “Never mind. As long as he remains by my side.” She started giggling happily. 
At her words, despair welled up in his chest. 
Vivian must’ve missed Larry dearly to have conjured him out of thin air. 
He stared at the ceiling blankly. That’s why she started having visual hallucinations. Back then, when I was separated from Vivian, I poured myself into work. I remember how unbearable it was whenever I thought of Vivian. She must be suffering greatly as she thought Larry was dead. Whenever I imagine Larry dead, my heart would constrict painfully. However, I believe Larry is still alive. He can’t die yet. He still has to grow to be a man just like me. 
Finnick had only spaced out for a brief moment. When he snapped back to reality, Vivian was jumping on the bed. Vivian imagined herself having fun with Larry on the trampoline. 
Finnick couldn’t bring himself to stop her, so he started cleaning up. When he was done, Vivian had calmed down and was resting on the couch. 
He took her hand. “Vivian, let’s go home with our little pumpkin.” 
Vivian beamed happily and took his arm to head out. 
Gazing at a mentally unstable Vivian, Finnick couldn’t help but think she was much likable now. A clear- headed Vivian would only glare at him icily, while a mentally unstable Vivian would hold his arm intimately.
It felt good, but Finnick still wished she could recover as soon as possible. 
Back home, Vivian went to Larry’s room and lay on his bed. 
Finnick knew she was putting the imaginary Larry to bed as it was close to bedtime. 
Vivian hadn’t eaten dinner yet, so she couldn’t go to bed. He pulled her up and helped her to wash up before leading her to the dining room.
###Chapter 994
Chapter 994 
The housemaid, who had received Finnick’s text earlier, had prepared a spread for them. 
Vivian took her seat and started eating quietly. 
Clearly, she was starving. 
Finnick knew she would continue being mentally unstable after filling her tummy. 
Even so, he piled her plate with nutritious food good for her health. 
Vivian ate her dinner without any complaints. Contrary to Finnick’s expectations, Vivian returned to their bedroom, lay on their bed, and immediately dozed off. 
Finnick wanted to wake her up as she hadn’t brushed her teeth, but seeing how she was sleeping contently, he let her be. Let her sleep. She must’ve been exhausted from today’s events. 
The next day, Vivian woke up early in the morning. Immediately, she made her way to Larry’s room and hugged his Doraemon plushy tightly. 
“You’re up my little pumpkin. I thought you would still be asleep,” she uttered in delight and patted Doraemon’s head. 
Finnick stood aside silently. Yesterday, she thought the air was Larry. Now, she thinks the plushie’s Larry? Well, at least now it’s something that exists. It looks like the doctor’s medications worked. I believe if she takes them regularly and stays calm, she will recover one day. 
With that thought in mind, Finnick gazed at Vivian, whose attention was focused on Doraemon. 
She looks like a loving mother.
It was a beautiful sight. If Vivian were sane, Finnick would be very much in love with her. Shaking his head, he berated himself for being too greedy and got rid of that thought. 
After glancing at his watch, he brought her to wash up and had breakfast. He would be bringing her out to have some fun today. 
Vivian didn’t kick up a fuss during breakfast, so they finished their breakfast in no time. Finnick helped her changed into new clothes. They then headed out. 
Before leaving the house, Vivian took one last look at Larry’s room. 
As she wanted to have fun, she left Larry at home for the time being. Instead of acting like a mentally unstable patient, she was acting like a child. 
Finnick planned to bring her to the mall to buy some clothes. After she fell sick, she hadn’t managed to buy any new clothes. The weather was great, so Finnick decided to bring her out to let off steam. 
To his surprise, Vivian remained obedient until she saw something which triggered her emotions. 
When she spotted a claw machine full of plushies, she went over and tried to get them out, but the clear glass in between stopped her from doing so. Immediately, she gazed at Finnick in dejection. Seeing her reaction, Finnick got some change and started trying his luck. 
Finnick had no experience with the claw machine. As it was his first time, plus it wasn’t that easy to win a prize, Finnick failed on his first try. 
Disappointment shone in Vivian’s gaze. Finnick plucked up his courage and decided to give it another try. I must win this time! He focused his gaze on the claw and made sure it was in the right position before dropping the claw. Indeed, the claw landed on a plushy and hooked it up.
When the plushy was dropped into the hole, Vivian picked it up in delight. “Little pumpkin, look how awesome your daddy is!” 
Hearing her words, the joy in Finnick died away. 
So she thinks every plushy is Larry? However, seeing how excited Vivian was, Finnick thought his efforts had paid off.
###Chapter 995
Chapter 995 
“Finnick, look. Our son is very obedient, right?” Vivian gazed at him and waited for his answer earnestly. Finnick gave her a nod and ruffled her hair affectionately. 
He hadn’t seen her smile this joyfully since Larry’s disappearance. Sometimes, he wished Vivian would stay this way forever. 
But soon, something shocking occurred—Vivian nearly fell to her death off the escalator! 
She had dashed out without warning and was already on the ground before Finnick could react. It wasn’t because he wasn’t paying attention. It was because Vivian was too swift for him to react in time. 
“Vivian, are you alright?” He immediately rushed to her and helped her up before glaring at the lady who had just shoved Vivian away rudely. Everyone who had hurt Vivian deserved to be punished. 
“S-She took my little pumpkin away!” Vivian pointed at the lady angrily. Finnick followed her gaze and realized the lady was holding a plushy in her arms. 
Instantly, he stopped in his tracks awkwardly. That lady had bought a plushy for her son, but Vivian thought it was Larry. 
At once, Finnick apologized to the lady, who snorted and spun on her heels to leave. 
The matter should be over by now, but Vivian broke down completely when she saw the lady leaving with the plushy. Sprinting ahead, she grabbed the plushy from the lady like a madwoman. 
“Are you crazy? What the heck are you doing?” the lady scowled and demanded furiously. Finnick strode forward and came to a stop in between them. He whipped out one hundred from his wallet and gave it to the lady.
“I’ve apologized earlier. Here is one hundred for that plushy. You can get another one easily.” Finnick’s voice showed no room for negotiation. The lady had bought the plushy at a cheap price, so she was delighted upon receiving the hundred bill. 
She promptly forgot about the previous unhappy incident and rushed home, afraid Finnick would change his mind. 
After she left, Finnick took Vivian’s arm and helped her up. “Look, our son is back. Are you happy now?” 
He tidied her fringe as she stared at him quietly. 
Bending down, he pressed a kiss on her lips. Shortly after, they both returned home. Each had a plushy in their arms. 
It was now late after they spent the day strolling around in the mall. To Finnick’s shock, Vivian puked her guts out before she entered the car, which worried him immensely, so he immediately brought her to the hospital. 
At the hospital, the doctor told him Vivian had vomited because of her fall earlier. He reminded her to get a good rest and didn’t prescribe any medicine. 
It was too minor an illness to take any medicine. Vivian could recover on her own. It wasn’t too good to over-rely on drugs, after all. 
Finnick nodded in acknowledgment and brought her back home. They had just entered the house when an elderly man’s voice rang out. “Finnick, you’re back?” 
It took Finnick a while to recognize the voice. The elderly man was Palmer Lochlan, an old friend of Samuel Norton’s. Palmer used to adore him a lot in the past.
Why is he here? Finnick wondered. 
He pulled Vivian along and they both sat on the couch across from Palmer. After greeting the old man briefly, he turned to see Vivian sitting with her hands folded in her lap. 
“Finnick, your wife…” Palmer trailed off, waiting for his explanation. Finnick then proceeded to explain the entire situation to him. 
As a matter of fact, Palmer knew exactly what had happened, but he wanted to hear what Finnick had to say. He also wanted to know if Finnick had changed his mind.
###Chapter 996
Chapter 996 
After hearing what Finnick had to say, he touched his beard jovially. Something occurred to him as he declared, “Since your wife is in this state, you should find another one.” 
Finnick was still young, so it must be exhausting for him to take care of his ill wife. It would also affect Finnick’s company and career. 
Finnick understood this better than anyone. Yet, he couldn’t bring himself to leave Vivian alone. 
He loved her dearly to give her up just because of a minor illness. There was no way he’d find himself another woman. 
Vivian was his one and only wife. 
“Mr. Lochlan, I won’t do that,” he refuted without hesitation. 
If I marry another wife, what will happen to Vivian? I can’t do that. 
“Finnick, I know you love her dearly. I feel sorry for her, but there’s no other choice. Don’t tell me you’re not going to bear another child to be your successor?” He continued, “Your grandpa has passed, so it’s up to me to give you a piece of advice. I don’t want to feel guilty when I eventually meet with your grandpa after my passing.” 
“Mr. Lochlan, that’s enough. I will apologize to him personally in the future. I won’t be marrying another woman.” Upon recalling his grandfather, Finnick shut his eyes in anguish. 
“Mr. Litt’s daughter is a pleasant girl. She has just returned from abroad. I told her about you. If you change your mind, you can marry her,” said Palmer. “I’m too old to interfere in your matters any longer.” With that, he rose to his feet.
Finnick stood up and led Vivian to see Palmer out. When Palmer’s figure was no longer in sight, Vivian spoke. “Finnick, who was that? He’s so scary.” 
She fiddled with the plushy in her hands and added, “Look how afraid little pumpkin is.” 
Finnick didn’t say a word. Instead, he ruffled her hair adoringly. 
“That was Grandpa’s friend. Don’t be scared. You’re fine now,” comforted Finnick gently. 
Palmer’s words made sense, but he wouldn’t betray Vivian as long as he loved her. 
He said I can decide for myself, but he had already taken action before I had time to prepare myself. 
Finnick smiled bitterly. Forget it. Let him be. 
Shortly after Palmer left, the doorbell chimed. Finnick furrowed his brows and answered the door. 
As soon as the door was opened, a pungent scent of perfume wafted in. At once, Finnick’s frown deepened. 
“Hello, I’m Paige Litt. My father is…” Before Paige could finish her introduction, Finnick had already turned and strode away. Upon hearing her last name and relating it to how she appeared right after Palmer left, Finnick immediately knew who she was. 
“Don’t you want to know who my father is?” This was the first time Paige had ever been ignored in her life. Her temper sparked as she glowered at Finnick. 
From what she remembered, Finnick preferred adorable girls. Hence, she was acting cute now. 
“I’m not interested,” came Finnick’s reply. He didn’t even spare Paige another look as he fed Vivian her medications. In the beginning, Vivian refused to cooperate and even broke the glass in Finnick’s hands.
Seeing her action, Paige immediately knelt and cleared the mess. She pretended to be hurt by the glass shards, but Finnick only glimpsed at her before turning away. 
“There are napkins on the table. You can leave after cleaning your wound.” Having said his piece, Finnick brought Vivian along to the dining room to get another glass of water. He successfully persuaded her to take her medication there. 
Paige knew Finnick no longer went for adorable girls, so she changed her attitude at once. 
She grew up overseas and was smart enough to improvise, adapting according to circumstances. It could be said that she was like a chameleon who changed her behavior according to the situation. 
“Since you don’t like me, I’ll leave for now. I’ll be back another day,” she uttered sadly and spun on her heels to leave.
###Chapter 997
Chapter 997 
If Finnick bothered to glance at Paige, he’d realize she was trudging away bleakly. Her desolate figure appealed to all men’s sense of sympathy and love. 
Alas, Paige’s efforts were in vain. Finnick didn’t even look up until he heard the door closed behind her. Only after that, he brought Vivian back to the living room. He looked at the glass shards that Paige had tidied up and discarded them in the trash can. 
Finnick didn’t have time for others as Vivian had taken up most of his time. Vivian was engrossed with the TV, so he started going through his company’s documents. 
Finnick hadn’t been in his office for days. His company was still functioning smoothly as usual, but the profit remained stagnant. He had to find the reason and increase the profit as soon as possible. 
As long as I have enough money, Vivian’s condition will get better one day. I don’t want her to regain consciousness and realize I’ve become broke. With that thought in mind, he focused his attention on the files. 
Sensing how busy he was, Vivian hugged her plushy and watched the TV program silently. Occasionally, when Finnick raised his head to look at her, her quiet figure would appear in his gaze. 
They spent a long time in silence until Paige showed up once again. Looking at Vivian, who was running around with her plushy happily, Paige didn’t show her disgust, opting to cast her eyes at Finnick instead. 
“Finnick, I’m serious. She will be a burden to you. Send her to the asylum,” she told Finnick in all seriousness. Even if he wasn’t doing it for her, he should consider his company.
To her utter surprise, Finnick’s rejection came swiftly. “Ms. Litt, Vivian Morrison is my wife. I don’t care who sent you here to change my mind. Stop embarrassing yourself here.” 
An awkward smile flitted across Paige’s lips. She wanted to tell him not to joke around, but she couldn’t bring herself to say it out loud and could only ze awkwardly. 
Finnick took Vivian’s hand and headed upstairs so Paige could leave on her own. After all, he had already made things clear. It was up to her to make up her mind now. 
Paige watched them going upstairs before she herself left. Since Finnick doesn’t like me, there’s no need for me to stay here. There are plenty of handsome men who like me. 
Paige regained her confidence and strode out haughtily. Upstairs, Finnick watched as she left with a smirk. 
It looks like I did the right thing. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have left so easily. 
“Finnick, look. Little pumpkin is growing up!” Right then, Vivian showed him another bigger plushy. It was blissful to watch one’s kid growing up, and that was something that made Vivian extremely pleased. 
It was Finnick who bought the bigger plushy for her so she could experience that herself. Seeing how delighted she was, happiness glowed inside Finnick. 
That very night, Vivian had a nightmare. 
She dreamt that Larry died in front of her eyes. Of course, she tried to save him, but there was nothing she could do. 
She started panicking.
Gradually, she realized she had been holding a plushy all along instead of her beloved little pumpkin. She found herself disgusting without reason. 
Luckily, the nightmare didn’t go on for a long time. Soon, it became another scene. Vivian rolled over and slept peacefully. 
“Vivian, good morning!” The next morning, Finnick opened his eyes to find an awake Vivian staring ahead blankly like a lifeless puppet. 
“Is something wrong, Vivian? Do you feel unwell?” Finnick asked worriedly. His gaze turned wary.
###Chapter 998
Chapter 998 
Something felt amiss to Finnick. Vivian seemed like a completely different person now. She refused to utter a word no matter how he called out her name. 
“Vivian, don’t scare me. Should we go to the hospital?” Vivian used to be sensitive toward the word “hospital.” Previously, when he told her they would be going to the hospital, she would escape without hesitation. 
Yet, Vivian remained expressionless when he mentioned the hospital. Finnick tugged her arm anxiously, hoping she would reply to his question. However, Vivian didn’t move an inch. 
Finnick got out of bed and washed up hurriedly. After changing clothes, he helped Vivian to wash up. They would definitely be heading to the hospital later. If something had indeed happened to Vivian, he wouldn’t be able to find a solution at home. 
No matter what he did to her, she remained silent and stared ahead blankly. Every time they reached a corner, Finnick would have to steer her in the right direction lest she walked straight into the wall. 
He was wondering if they should have breakfast, but the housemaid had already prepared a spread. Finnick brought her to the dining table and began feeding her carefully. This scene caused the housemaid to let out a sigh. 
Mr. and Mrs. Norton used to be a loving couple. They could be living together happily now, but life was harsh to them. One of them is sane, but the other had lost her mind. Mr. Norton must be suffering a great deal more than Mrs. Norton, as he is the sane one in this relationship. I can’t imagine seeing my loved one going mad.
She wanted to say something but thought the better as she was afraid of offending Finnick with her words. I’ll just do my job and prepare their meals on time. 
Vivian’s chin was stained with gravy, so Finnick wanted to wipe it off with a napkin. The housemaid immediately handed him a clean handkerchief. 
“You can use this to wipe off the stain on Mrs. Norton’s chin. The material is softer,” she explained when Finnick glanced at her. She had been working for Finnick for some time, so she knew what his look meant. 
Hearing her answer, Finnick gave her a nod and wiped Vivian’s chin gently with the handkerchief. Soon, her dirty chin was wiped clean. 
Finnick chuckled and discarded the handkerchief on the table before taking Vivian’s hand. As they left the house, Vivian didn’t demand to bring Larry along. Clearly, something was wrong with her. 
On the way to the hospital, Vivian kept her mouth zipped. Whenever Finnick tried to start a conversation, she’d stop him with an icy glare. 
Finally, they arrived at the hospital. As Vivian showed no signs of improving, Finnick shook his head and brought her to his friend’s office. 
Upon reaching the doctor’s office, he knocked on the door and went in. “Please take a look at my wife. She’s been quiet the whole morning.” 
Immediately, the doctor stood up to examine her. He had seen patients who would either fall silent or go berserk. Therefore, Vivian didn’t seem like she was ill. 
After examining her, the doctor couldn’t find anything wrong with her. Frowning, he wondered what it could be.
“Oh, where is your son?” he asked after noticing Vivian hadn’t brought the plushy along today. Could it be related to that plushy? 
“I don’t know. She hadn’t mentioned Larry all morning,” came Finnick’s helpless reply. Upon hearing his words, Vivian rose to her feet and stared at him.
###Chapter 999
Chapter 999 
“Finnick, don’t you know our little pumpkin’s dead? Don’t you know?” Vivian let out a devastating cry as her face contorted in anguish. Her sudden roar shocked Finnick into silence. 
Has she regained her memories? Finnick instantly shot a puzzled gaze at the doctor, who hurriedly asked him to hold Vivian down so he could figure out what went wrong. 
Swiftly, the doctor observed her condition and measured her heartbeat. He concluded that she was still mentally unstable. The only difference from before was that she had now accepted the fact that Larry was dead. 
To Finnick, it was bad news. He thought she could live in her imaginary world without being bothered, but then this happened. 
Even if he wanted to advise her, she wouldn’t listen to him as she had lost her mind. 
“I suggest hypnosis,” said the doctor. That was the only way to help her get better. 
Finnick was at a loss for words. Should I take the risk? What if the therapy fails? 
“The worst possibility is that she will continue being in a mentally unstable state. Her condition might also worsen. I’ve already explained the pros and cons to you. We’re friends, so I’ll leave it to you to make up your mind.” 
The doctor told Finnick to consider carefully as there was still hope. After all, they were hoping she would recover by taking the medications, too. Both methods were possible, so he wished Finnick could give them both a try.
Finnick couldn’t make up his mind and gave Benedict a call. After explaining the situation to Benedict, he rushed here in ten minutes. 
“Ben!” Finnick greeted Benedict warmly. Benedict nodded at both Finnick and the doctor in return before asking anxiously, “So you still can’t decide?” 
Actually, when Benedict first heard of the situation from Finnick’s lips, he didn’t feel like answering. After all, Vivian’s Finnick’s wife. She would be spending the rest of her life with Finnick. 
He would support Finnick’s decision wholeheartedly. Upon seeing how stumped Finnick was, he analyzed the situation for him calmly. 
“Look, Vivian won’t be able to recover for the time being. She will either have a slow recovery by taking the prescribed drugs or recover swiftly through hypnosis. The first method is slow but safe, while the second method is fast but risky.” 
He picked out the important points and explained them to Finnick. Shortly after, Finnick met his gaze and announced, “I pick hypnosis. Let’s do this.” 
I can’t see Vivian being in this state anymore. It breaks my heart to see her suffer. He had made up his mind after thinking through it carefully. 
Turning to glance at Vivian, who was sitting in her chair obediently, he fell into deep thought. Vivian, if this therapy fails, will you blame me for ruining your whole life? Don’t you worry. Even if you remain ill for the rest of your life, you’ll be my only wife. No one will ever take over your spot. I’m only worried you’ll blame me for choosing the slow recovery method that caused your condition to worsen. If you become sane again, that is.
Tears shimmered in his eyes. No one knew how much courage he had to pluck in order to make this decision. 
Vivian was also gazing at him earnestly. For a moment, Finnick thought she was no longer mad, but that was only his imagination. He let out a bitter chuckle and tore at his hair in frustration. “How will you hypnotize her?” 
Finnick had no idea how it would work. He wanted to ask the necessary questions so he could prepare himself before the session began. 
“There’s no need to prepare anything. I only need someone who she trusts,” the doctor looked at them and answered. Two among three of the most important people in Vivian’s life were right here.
###Chapter 1000
Chapter 1000 
“It’s you, Ben,” Finnick recalled how Vivian said she would no longer trust him, so he thought Benedict would be the perfect candidate for the hypnosis session. 
“You should do it because you’re Vivian’s husband,” responded Benedict. He didn’t know why Finnick asked him to take up the job. 
Isn’t Finnick the one that Vivian trusts the most? She’s known him a lot longer than I have. 
“Vivian said she would no longer trust me,” uttered Finnick sadly. At his words, Benedict furrowed his brows. 
“You should know women don’t mean what they say. You should take up the job. Stop evading responsibility.” Clearly, Vivian had said those words out of anger. Benedict knew how much she loved her husband. 
Naturally, Finnick hesitated. Vivian’s life was at risk, so he couldn’t help but take every step carefully. 
Finally, he took a deep breath and nodded. Benedict promptly encouraged him, and Finnick then told the doctor, “Let’s begin now.” 
The doctor nodded in response. He put on his gloves and prepared a pocket watch before glancing at Finnick. 
“Take your wife’s hand. Remember, no matter what happens during the therapy, you can’t let go.” He wanted someone who Vivian trusted to give her courage when she was in trouble. That way, the success rate would increase.
Finnick gave him a firm nod. The doctor proceeded to swing the pocket watch slowly in front of Vivian’s eyes. Soon, she closed her eyes and fell into a trance. 
In her dreams, she met Finnick for the first time and registered their marriage before spending an awkward time together. After falling in love with each other, they were separated because of circumstances. They went through many hardships together. 
A few times in between, Vivian nearly gave up when Finnick left her alone. She held her hands together tightly to give herself strength. Whenever Vivian grasped his hands tightly, Finnick would beam happily. 
Meanwhile, in Vivian’s mind, she gave birth to a baby named Larry. Due to their negligence, their child was kidnapped. 
This incident coincided with reality. The only different thing was that Vivian was currently witnessing the kidnapping incident with her own eyes. By now, blood was trickling down Finnick’s hand. 
Benedict was about to help him clean the blood, but the doctor stopped him from doing so. After all, a slight movement would wake Vivian up from her trance. If that happened, the consequences would be dire. 
Judging from how hard Vivian was clutching his hands, Finnick knew she must be in agony. He wished he could help by bearing some of her pain, but alas, it was impossible. 
The ive of the hypnosis therapy was to let Vivian experience the blissful moments in life again so she would recover swiftly. 
When Vivian saw Larry being abducted, she immediately went to rescue her child with Finnick. In the end, they successfully rescued him. In her dreams, Finnick comforted her gently as the three of them
embraced each other. Her mouth curved into a blissful smile. 
Finnick hadn’t seen her smile this merrily for a long time. 
Shocked, he gazed at the doctor while pointing at her. The doctor nodded and flashed a warm smile. He then gestured for Finnick to look at Vivian. When Finnick turned at his shoulder, he noticed Vivian had opened her eyes. 
She’s awake! He couldn’t hide the astonishment in his gaze. Has she regained her sanity? 
“Vivian?” he called out cautiously. In response, Vivian gave him a slight nod.

###Chapter 1001
Chapter 1001 
Finnick could hardly contain his happiness upon seeing her nod. He was grateful that she had returned to him again. 
He stepped forward and gave her a hug without a care for the others in the room. “Honey, I’ll take good care of you. I won’t make you cry. You’ll be happy for the rest of your life, I promise.” 
He pleaded, “Don’t be mad at me. I didn’t mean it. Do you know how much I suffered when you lost your mind? I’d stare at your photos and sob, not daring to cry out loud lest you call me a sissy. I really miss the times where you yell at me. Honey, don’t leave me. Will you forgive me? I really miss you. I really do.” 
Tears were rolling down his cheeks by now. Vivian felt a small patch of wetness on her shoulder as he spoke. She knew without looking that he was sobbing profusely. She shoved him away in disdain and turned to leave. 
“Honey, don’t leave. Please don’t leave me!” Finnick took her arm in desperation. I can’t let her leave me and spend the rest of my days staring at her photos longingly. 
“Stop crying. This is embarrassing.” It turns out, Vivian only wanted to get a napkin for Finnick. She was speechless at the man’s reaction. 
“Honey, you’ve forgiven me?” Finnick was overwhelmed with happiness. At the sight of the dumbstruck Finnick, Vivian shook her head in exasperation. 
“You’re crying in front of Ben and the doctor. Can I not forgive you?” Vivian answered with a grin. Back then, Finnick chose himself. There was nothing wrong with that, so Vivian pardoned him readily.
After coming back to her senses, Vivian realized she got angry at him for nothing. Hopefully, Finnick would forget I’ve ever done that. That was too embarrassing! 
“Ben,” she greeted Benedict suddenly, rendering the latter astonished. 
“Oh, are you greeting me? I thought you only have eyes for your husband.” 
Vivian broke out laughing upon hearing the jealousy in his voice. She turned to the doctor and gave him a grateful bow. “Thank you for saving me.” 
Indeed, Vivian was grateful for the doctor’s help. She knew she might remain a lunatic forever if it wasn’t for him. Vivian felt utterly blessed right now, for she still wanted to live on. 
“You’re welcome, Mrs. Norton. You should thank Finnick for making the right choice,” replied the doctor as his lips curled up. 
Finnick promised to express his gratitude to his friend another day. At the entrance of the hospital, Benedict and Finnick parted ways. Benedict had to go back to work while Finnick needed to bring Vivian home. 
“Have a safe trip home!” With that, Benedict entered his car and drove away. Finnick placed his arm around Vivian protectively and led her home. 
In the car, Vivian suddenly realized that they had forgotten about Rachel, who was still in the hospital. 
When Vivian asked about her, Finnick shook his head. He had also forgotten about Rachel. Vivian’s illness caught him off guard, so he hadn’t had time to think about other people. 
Finnick was reminded of Rachel’s existence after hearing Vivian’s question.
“Let’s visit her at the hospital tomorrow,” said Vivian. I hope she’s still there. She couldn’t even afford to pay her hospital bills and buy meals. I wonder how she is coping now.
###Chapter 1002
Chapter 1002 
Vivian wanted to visit Rachel immediately to rid that niggling feeling in her heart, but Finnick refused to bring her there. 
“You’ve just recovered. Let’s have a good rest tonight and visit her tomorrow together,” he replied. Finnick thought she shouldn’t be wasting her efforts on Rachel as the latter could betray her anytime. 
However, as long as she didn’t harm Vivian, he would allow them to meet up. The moment Rachel tried to harm his wife, he would send her to hell so she could reunite with her daughter there. 
After seeing Vivian descending into madness a couple of times, Finnick was terrified of losing her. He knew what it was like to lose a loved one and refused to experience it again. 
“Aww, can’t you let me go?” Finnick’s words made sense, but Vivian’s sixth sense told her something was going to happen. 
Feeling restless, Vivian tried to persuade Finnick to change his mind to no avail. Once he had decided, no one—including Vivian—could change his mind. 
It was for Vivian’s best. Finnick nearly caved in as Vivian kept whining throughout the entire journey, so he speeded up and arrived home in no time. 
Vivian reluctantly got off the car. Having gotten what he wanted, Finnick smirked. 
“What’s wrong? Won’t you go in?” Seeing Vivian coming to a stop at the door and glancing around, Finnick came to her and put an arm around her. Did she change her mind? 
“Well, it has been ages since I’ve been home. I’ve just realized how much I miss it,” came Vivian’s calm reply. She glanced at Finnick briefly before heading for the door.
This was her forever home with Finnick and Larry. 
Vivian stood in front of the door for a while before pushing the door open. When the living room came into sight, she realized she must’ve caused a mess recently. The housemaid had cleaned up after her, but the stench remained. 
“Finnick, you must’ve suffered a lot.” She went up to Finnick and flung her arms around him tightly, burying her face in his chest. 
Her warm hug managed to calm Finnick down. Finnick gazed at the woman in his arms. After she regained her sanity, she seemed to have blossomed into an elegant lady. 
He found this amusing. After all, Vivian was his wife. Nothing in the world could change that fact. Right now, Vivian was a sorry sight. 
He ruffled her hair and chuckled. “My little fool. As long as you’re safe and sound, nothing else matters.” 
Vivian looked up as they stared at each other for a long while. 
As far as Vivian could remember, it had been ages since she last scrutinized Finnick. She realized he had lost a lot of weight. 
Indeed, Vivian’s condition had drained Finnick’s energy, but luckily he didn’t give up hope. If he lost all hope, everything else would be futile. 
“Alright. Let’s eat and go to bed.” Finnick had informed the housemaid, Greta, about Vivian’s recovery so she could prepare a light meal for them that suited Vivian’s tastebuds.
Greta was delighted to hear about her recovery and couldn’t stop grinning. When she saw Vivian walking in normally with her own eyes, her grin widened. 
I was still lamenting about her illness this morning. Look, she has recovered now! Greta had never been this thrilled to prepare a meal in this household. 
As she had prepared the meal in a jovial mood, it turned out to be a delicious spread. Vivian couldn’t help but smile at how yummy the food was. She gobbled down the food and glanced at the housemaid standing aside.
###Chapter 1003
Chapter 1003 
“Greta, your cooking has improved a lot!” she praised with a warm grin. 
Greta could barely conceal her delight. As far as she remembered, Vivian had never praised her before. 
“No, no. I’m really happy that you have recovered,” she replied enthusiastically. Vivian gave her another smile and resumed eating her food. 
They used to eat together as a family of three, but Larry wasn’t with them now. Vivian found that upsetting, but she had to consider Finnick’s feelings. She was no longer hung up over Larry after what had happened. 
Little pumpkin will always be my son even though he’s dead. I won’t forget him, ever. 
Actually, Finnick wanted to tell her Larry was still alive, but he decided it would be better to inform her after he found Larry. It would be a bad idea to give her hope, only to end up disappointing her again. 
The next morning, Vivian woke up before the sun rose. Her mind was too preoccupied for her to sleep well. As Finnick was still asleep, she snuck out of bed and headed to the washroom to wash herself up. 
When she walked out, Finnick was not in bed. Vivian rubbed her eyes in disbelief. Am I seeing things? He was sleeping there a moment ago. Where is he now? 
Soon, however, her question was answered. Finnick appeared behind her and gave her a morning hug. Vivian jumped in fright at his sudden appearance. 
“Honey, why did you wake up this early? Are you seriously considering abandoning me?” Finnick queried, seemingly distressed. Vivian rolled her eyes and turned to look at him.
“Then what should I do?” 
“Bring me along.” 
Vivian knew what he was planning. I can bring him along. After all, if Rachel is missing, he can help me find her. 
“Let’s go,” she answered. They proceeded to make up their bed swiftly. As they had woken up too early, the housemaid hadn’t prepared breakfast yet. Hence, they had to take their breakfast outside. 
Their breakfast was the usual French toast and milk. 
As long as they were together, anything and everything would be delightful. In fact, even though they were having breakfast at a worn-down cafe, both of them were beaming merrily. 
Finnick wiped off the breadcrumbs on her lips before paying for their meal. Instantly, Vivian wondered if Rachel had had her breakfast today. 
“Finnick, should we buy some breakfast for her?” Finnick knew she was talking about Rachel, so he thought about it and responded, “She might not be in the hospital now. Plus, this is too heavy for her. If she’s in her ward, we’ll buy her something else.” 
Vivian nodded approvingly. Sounds like a great idea. They entered his car and headed to the hospital. 
It was past seven in the morning by now, so the street grew increasingly crowded. Vivian couldn’t help but sigh at the wonderful morning view and fresh air. 
Her mood improved considerably as an exuberant vigor filled her entire being. 
When they arrived at Rachel’s previous ward, the label still showed her name. That means Rachel was still here. After glancing at Finnick, Vivian knocked on the door and entered.
They saw Rachel lying on the bed with her eyes closed. When she heard the door opening, she opened her eyes abruptly. Clearly, their arrival startled her immensely as her eyes widened in disbelief. 
“Vivian! I-I thought you wouldn’t come anymore,” she uttered. Vivian found her reaction funny. Why? Am I that untrustworthy in her heart? 
When Vivian asked that out loud, Rachel froze and stuttered helplessly. She then glanced at Finnick, seemingly hesitant to reveal her thoughts.
###Chapter 1004
Chapter 1004 
Oh, she is hesitant because Finnick’s here. Realization dawned on Vivian. “Why don’t you buy us some food? I need to talk to her in private,” she told Finnick. 
Finnick shot Rachel a warning look, signaling her to not try any funny tricks. Otherwise, he would definitely make her regret whatever she did. 
Vivian gave him a reassuring nod to tell him she’d put her guard up. After Finnick walked out, Vivian sat on the couch and glanced at Rachel quizzically. 
“Well, Finnick’s gone. What is it?” 
She knew Rachel wanted to speak to her in private and sent Finnick out to buy breakfast. Rachel hadn’t had breakfast yet, so she must be starving. Why not make use of this opportunity to get her food while also talk with her? 
“Since you stopped showing up, the hospital was about to kick me out when Noah stepped in. He told me about your condition. I thought you hadn’t recovered,” revealed Rachel honestly. 
She thought Vivian was still ill, so Vivian’s arrival caught her by surprise. 
I can’t believe Vivian recovered so quickly. 
Rachel initially suspected Noah had lied to her, but Vivian nodded in agreement. She fell silent and waited for Vivian’s explanation. 
“I wasn’t doing well previously because of Larry’s death until a doctor successfully treated me.” Vivian provided a summary of the recent events.
Her voice was light, but Rachel could understand her anguish as she had a similar experience. Did Vivian really go crazy because of Larry’s death? 
Consumed with guilt, Rachel wondered if it was too late to reveal everything now. A heavy silence hung in the air. When Finnick came in, he placed the breakfast he bought for Rachel on the table and went to sit beside Vivian. 
After Rachel finished her breakfast, they cleared up the mess. It was time to leave. Finnick didn’t have much time to spare as he was busy at work. Thus, he needed to return to his company. 
There was no way he would allow Vivian to stay here alone with Rachel. The latter might be sick, but one couldn’t be too careful. After rising to his feet, Finnick cast a look at Vivian. 
They gazed at each other silently for a few minutes in silent communication before Vivian stood up. 
“Well, I’ll get going now. You can call me if anything comes up. I’m still using the same number,” Vivian reminded Rachel, who gave her a nod blankly. 
When Vivian was about to leave, determination flitted across Rachel’s face. 
“Vivian.” 
“Is there anything else you need?” 
Vivian slipped her hand into Finnick’s and turned at her shoulder. Immediately, she noticed Rachel seemed grim. Does she feel unwell? She panicked and came to Rachel at once. Seeing Vivian’s reaction, tears trickled down Rachel’s cheeks. 
Vivian’s anxiety heightened. Is the pain that unbearable? She hurriedly told Finnick to summon the doctor, but Rachel interrupted their conversation.
“Vivian, I’ve been keeping something from you,” Rachel wiped her tears away and announced solemnly. 
For the past few days, Rachel had been deep in thought. Vivian took care of her meticulously and spent far more time with her than her so-called daughter, so she felt really guilty. 
I need to make things clear right now. Otherwise, if I die out of a sudden, there is no room for regrets. Rachel firmly met Vivian’s anxious gaze. 
“Actually, before Evelyn died, she entrusted Larry to me. She ordered me to kill Larry.” 
Hearing her words, Vivian squeezed her hands. Did she feel guilty for killing my little pumpkin because I was nice to her?
###Chapter 1005
Chapter 1005 
Instead of bombarding her with questions, Vivian opened her eyes wide and waited for Rachel’s explanation. 
“Larry has visited me a couple of times, after all. I couldn’t bring myself to kill him,” Rachel added. Vivian perked up at her words. Does that mean my little pumpkin isn’t dead? Is she going to tell me where he is? 
She pricked up her ears so she wouldn’t miss any information. Finnick felt his heart thumping as he waited for Rachel’s confession. He didn’t forget to observe if Rachel was lying. For now, he didn’t pick up any clues that she was lying. 
“I left Larry with a friend of mine in the countryside. I’ve written the address down for you. You can find him there,” she concluded and presented a piece of crumpled note to Vivian. 
After that, Vivian didn’t know how she made her way out of the hospital. Her emotions were a complex mixture. Previously, she was given hope, which ended in utter disappointment. Can I believe Rachel’s words? 
She stood outside the hospital in a daze. Finnick came to her and ruffled her hair. “Actually, I’ve investigated about Larry. He’s still alive.” 
Vivian’s eyes went wide in shock. What did he just say? My little pumpkin is still alive? So he had never meant to say that as a means to placate me? 
Finnick nodded firmly. “When you saw that body, I told you that information, but you refused to trust me. I was planning to locate our son before telling you everything.”
After Vivian heard his explanation, she went forward and flung her arms around him as tears welled up in her eyes. 
She had been waiting for this exact moment for her whole life. Thinking that Larry had died, she had struggled for a long time before finally letting go. Now that she found out her son was still alive, the pent-up feelings in her heart faded away. 
“Finnick, our little pumpkin isn’t dead. He’s still alive! He’s not dead,” uttered Vivian as tears of joy rolled down her cheeks. Finnick’s collars turned wet in no time, but she was too thrilled to notice it. 
Finnick wiped his tears away secretly and closed his eyes while returning her hug. Finally, we can be reunited. I no longer need to bear the burdening guilt. 
They embraced each other for a long time while sobbing and laughing uncontrollably. Even the passersby on the streets could not help but sneak a few looks at this strange couple before walking away curiously. Both of them ignored the strange looks as they were bursting with joy. 
A few moments later, Finnick realized Vivian had fallen asleep in his arms. He picked her up gently and returned to his vehicle. He brushed her fringe away from her eyes as she slept peacefully. 
She must be dying to see Larry now. Why don’t I drive there now? That way, when she wakes up, she’ll get to see Larry immediately. It will be a surprise for her. 
With that thought in mind, Finnick started the engine and sped away. 
When Vivian’s eyes snapped open, she saw a pair of chubby hands touching her carefully. The little boy realized she was awake and straightened his back. 
“Mommy!” he greeted her sweetly.
The familiar voice caused Vivian’s heart to skip a beat. Is my little pumpkin back? I don’t remember picking him up. Why is he here, in front of me? 
“Little pumpkin?” Vivian asked incredulously. She pinched her own arm in disbelief. This is real! I’m not dreaming! She wrapped her arms around Larry excitedly and told herself not to cry. 
She had finally reunited with her son, so it wasn’t a good idea to cry her heart out now. Larry lay in her arms obediently. “Mommy, I’m back. I’ve been a good boy waiting for you to pick me up. I wasn’t naughty at all. I also didn’t cry.” 
Vivian broke into a wide grin. She knew her son must’ve suffered a lot, but he was consoling her in return. She patted her head proudly. “You’re the best!” 
Finnick watched the exchange happily. After that, they went to thank Rachel’s friend for her help and left some money for her before leaving with Larry. Finally, Larry was back home. Their family of three was together again, so it was a happy ending. 
“Mommy, why is Daddy not at home again?”
###Chapter 1006
Chapter 1006 
Larry woke up early the next morning, but Finnick was still nowhere to be seen. Daddy hasn’t been around for days now… 
“Daddy is busy with work, so he might not be home for quite some time. You can call him if you miss him, little pumpkin,” Vivian said while patting Larry on the head. 
She knew what Finnick was up to, but Larry didn’t, and she wasn’t planning on telling him about it. As such, she could only come up with excuses like that whenever he asked. Larry simply nodded at Vivian in response. 
Meanwhile, Finnick was preparing a surprise for Larry to help him feel better after the traumatizing incident. Larry may be too old to forget the incident, but it’s still possible to make him feel better… 
Larry and Vivian spent the next few days at home waiting for Finnick to return, watching TV on the sofa every night with bored looks on their faces. As Larry had just returned home not long ago, Vivian decided it was okay for him to take a short break from his studies since he was a much faster learner than most other children anyway. 
Regardless, learning is an ongoing process and he should still go to school. 
“Aren’t you going to sleep yet, little pumpkin?” Vivian asked while looking at Larry. He usually goes to bed pretty early, so why is he staying up so late tonight? Has he gotten used to sleeping late? 
Unbeknownst to her, Larry didn’t receive the kind of pampering he usually did while he was at the farming village. He had an endless amount of work to do on a daily basis, and wasn’t allowed to sleep unless he completed them. 
as a result, Larry got used to staying up late, he found it difficult to go to bed at nine.
He shook his head at Vivian, but she had him go to bed anyway out of concern for his health. Larry did as told when she broke the news to him that Finnick would come home the next day. After switching off the TV, Vivian lay in bed as she wondered what surprise Finnick had in store for Larry. 
She eventually fell asleep at some point, and was woken up by a pleasant aroma the next morning. 
Vivian opened her eyes and saw Finnick holding a cookie next to her nose. 
“Finnick? You’re back?” she asked while hugging him tightly. 
Vivian had been missing him quite a bit after a few days of not seeing him. 
“Yeah, I am. Is little pumpkin still asleep?” Finnick ran his hand through her hair and wrapped an arm around her waist. 
Vivian got out of bed and took a bite out of the cookie he made. It was really amazing and tasted a lot different from the ones available in most stores due to its unique aroma and flavor. 
Larry walked up to them after coming down the stairs, and his eyes lit up with joy when he saw the huge cake and cookies on the dining table. 
It was his birthday today. 
Finnick had been away from home throughout the past few days so he could prepare those gifts for Larry. Larry was so happy that he could celebrate his birthday with Finnick that he just stood there, unsure of what to do. 
He couldn’t remember when the last time was he celebrated his birthday. On top of that, he could celebrate it with Finnick. He was overjoyed and didn’t know what to do.
Vivian then led Larry over to the table, and the three of them sang him a birthday song before he blew out the candles. They were all very happy. The smoke from the candles took the shape of Larry’s name before disappearing into thin air, which Vivian found to be extremely pretty. 
Finnick then had Larry try the cookies he made, feeling fully confident that they would taste great. 
Larry took a piece of the cookie and was surprised to see it was made in the shape of his favorite cartoon character, Doraemon. However, the unforgettably heavenly taste was what really blew his mind. 
Finnick shoved one into Vivian’s mouth as well before it was time to carry on with the cake. 
After slicing up the cake, Vivian smeared some of the cream on Larry’s face and burst into laughter at how funny he looked. 
Larry did the same to her, and laughed at her with Finnick. Vivian shot Larry an angry look and began chasing him around as she chuckled, “How dare you… Come back here, little pumpkin!” 
This is pure happiness, and no one will ever take this away from me again…
###Chapter 1007
Chapter 1007 
It was extremely crowded at Gryphone Airport in Baykeep. 
Despite the gentle breeze blowing in the background, Hannah Young was drenched in sweat from the heat as she stood outside the airport entrance. 
She tightened her grip on her camera as she glanced anxiously at the flow of people inside the airport. 
The paparazzi around her too, had anxious frowns on their faces as they waited with their cameras in hand. 
I’ve been waiting here for three hours now… The editor will kill me if I don’t bring back pictures of Yvette Tanner! 
Hannah was especially patient when it came to her job, and it paid off as a commotion occurred in the airport about half an hour later. 
A tall woman wearing a red lace dress appeared at the airport gate. Her rosy lips looked especially sexy, and she had on a pair of large sunglasses which highlighted her exquisite face. 
Hannah’s eyes lit up instantly when she saw that, and she quickly got into a hiding spot as she prepared to snap away. 
Yvette was a new starlet that had gotten famous recently after starring in a historical drama, and Hannah’s job was to get pictures of her arriving at the airport. 
Yvette had three bodyguards dressed in black to escort her like a queen as she made her way through the airport.
“People sure become arrogant when they’re successful!” Hannah mumbled to herself. 
Another commotion occurred behind her right after she said that, and the journalists began snapping away at the black Lamborghini that had just arrived. 
Hannah tensed up when she recognized the familiar-looking plate number when she was about to hit the shutter button. 
Is that really him? 
The journalists surrounded the Lamborghini the moment it stopped outside the airport entrance and hammered on the car door as they shouted, “Mr. Norton! Mr. Norton!” 
“Please come out, Mr. Norton!” 
The man in the back seat was dressed in a grey suit and kept his head low as he continued typing away on his laptop. 
The clacking of the keyboard was the only sound inside the car. 
Caleb glanced at Fabian through the rear-view mirror and asked, “Mr. Norton, what do we do about the journalists outside?” 
He even made sure to keep his voice as low as possible when he said that. 
Fabian smiled after quite a while and crossed his fingers gleefully as he stared at Phoenix Group’s stocks on the screen. 
Good… It’s gradually going up… 
“Very good!” His voice was loud and clear with hints of hoarseness.
“What did you say, Mr. Norton?” Caleb asked in confusion. 
Fabian closed the laptop with a loud smack and crossed his legs lazily as he leaned against the seat. 
These journalists sure came at the right time… He thought to himself as he raised an eyebrow at the crowd surrounding his car. 
“Come on, we’re getting out of the car!” Fabian said coldly. 
Caleb nodded after a brief pause and swallowed nervously at the sight of the journalists outside. 
If there’s anything I fear in this world, it’s journalists… They’re like a bunch of vultures who would devour even your bones if given the opportunity! However, I suppose there are times when they do become useful… 
Fabian was immediately swarmed by the journalists who snapped away crazily the moment he stepped out of his car. 
Hannah was staring at him in such disbelief that she went pale and couldn’t even lift her camera. 
It’s him! It really is him! 
Fabian Norton was the CEO of Phoenix Group and a genius when it came to finance, which earned him a spot at the top of the food chain in the corporate world. 
However, what people didn’t know was the fact that he had been married to Hannah for a year.
###Chapter 1008
Chapter 1008 
He had a polite yet cold smile on his face as he adjusted his white shirt and scanned the crowd around him. 
Hannah took a few steps back nervously for fear of being spotted. He looked so cold. 
She was about to leave the scene when she noticed Yvette running towards Fabian and throwing herself at him. 
With the sunglasses off, Yvette’s beautiful eyes and fair skin looked especially stunning in the sun. 
Hannah stood rooted to the spot as she watched her husband hugging another woman with a bright smile on his face. 
I’ve never seen him smile throughout our one year of marriage. I thought he was just naturally cold towards people in general, but it looks like I was wrong… He was only being cold towards me. For the first time ever, I feel like I don’t know him at all… 
Hannah took a deep breath and clenched her fists at the thought of that. She was about to leave when she got knocked down by a journalist from behind. 
“Ouch…” Hannah groaned in pain as the delicate skin on her palm was cut open from the fall. 
That caught the attention of the people around her, including that of Fabian’s. 
The two of them made brief eye contact, but Fabian’s gaze was so cold and distant that it seemed like he was staring at a complete stranger.
Yvette wrapped her arms around his neck as she said, “Fab, I’m aching all over after the long flight… I want to get some rest…” 
Fabian shifted his gaze back towards her and gave her hand a gentle squeeze as he said, “I’ve had someone arrange for your hotel stay. Come on, let’s go.” 
Yvette held her hand over her mouth and giggled happily in response, much to Hannah’s chagrin as she witnessed their intimacy from afar. 
Hannah felt her heart ache as she bit down on her lip that had gone pale. 
Why is this happening? I don’t understand Fabian at all, but there’s no way he’d take a liking to someone like Yvette! 
Despite being calm and collected usually, Hannah found herself losing her cool as she began walking towards them to confront Fabian. 
She stopped in her tracks when she heard one of the journalists ask, “Mr. Norton, is Ms. Tanner your new girlfriend? How long have you two been seeing each other?” 
Hannah held her breath in anticipation and looked straight at Fabian as she waited for his response. 
What does he say to that? 
Everyone else went silent and kept their cameras pointed at Fabian. “I hereby announce that Ms. Tanner here is my girlfriend!” he said out loud while flashing Hannah a cold glare, leaving her dumbfounded and bewildered. 
Yvette wrapped her arms around Fabian’s and pressed her chest against his shoulder as she smiled gleefully at Hannah.
Hannah responded by lifting her chin and looking Yvette straight in the eye, which seemed to irritate her greatly. 
“Fab, I’m tired, and my feet are hurting too… Could you carry me, please?” she said in the most coquettish tone possible while tugging at his arm. 
Hannah glared wide-eyed at Fabian in hopes of him rejecting her request, only to see him scoop Yvette into his arms without any hesitation whatsoever.
###Chapter 1009
Chapter 1009 
Yvette even made sure to rub it in by flashing her a triumphant smile when Fabian turned around. 
The journalists were all snapping away like crazy, but Hannah couldn’t even bring herself to hold up her camera. 
It wasn’t until the car had completely disappeared from sight that she was able to breathe a sigh of relief and began walking away. 
One of the journalists exclaimed, “I heard Fabian is already married, and yet Yvette managed to win him over… She really is something…” 
To make matters worse, a hole tore open in Hannah’s shoes, rendering them completely unusable. 
With a frown on her face, Hannah tossed them into the trash can in the corner and decided to go barefoot instead. 
Every step she took on the burning hot ground felt like torture as she made her way home. 
She arrived home about an hour later and changed into a white nightgown after taking a shower. 
Hannah glanced at the clock and saw that it was already 11:00 p.m., but Fabian had yet to return. 
He’s probably in bed with Yvette right now, huh… 
A wry smile spread across her face at the thought of that. She was biting down on her lip so hard that it had gone pale, but she didn’t seem to feel the pain at all. 
Fabian and I have been married for a year now, and yet I have never understood him in the slightest… Perhaps our marriage never did hold any meaning to begin with…
The sound of the door opening snapped her out of her train of thoughts, and Hannah instinctively got up to welcome him as usual. However, she sat back down on the bed after taking a glance at his silhouette outside the window. 
Fabian switched on the lights in the pitch black room when he came in, and Hannah responded by instinctively shielding her eyes with her hands. 
“Why didn’t you turn on the lights?” he asked in a calm and indifferent tone. 
“I just got up for a glass of water, so I couldn’t be bothered,” she replied in a similar tone as she reached for the glass on the coffee table. “You must be tired after having such a long day. Why don’t you go ahead and get some rest?” 
Fabian broke into a grin as he stared at her slim figure from behind. 
Is she jealous? 
“You won’t even pour me a glass of water?” he asked playfully while draping his suit jacket on the sofa. 
Hannah froze for a brief moment before setting her glass down to get him another one, only to have him pick up her glass and drink from it instead. 
He then shot her a gleeful smile as if to assert his dominance over her. 
Hannah rolled her eyes at him. “Now that you’ve had your drink, I’ll be heading back to bed.” 
“Okay,” Fabian replied as he took another sip from the glass. 
Hannah tightened her grip on the hem of her nightgown as she made her way towards the bed, her movement extremely slow due to the pain on her feet.
Fabian frowned when he noticed that and quickly pulled her into his arms as he asked, “What happened to your feet?” 
“Nothing…” she replied. 
What am I supposed to say? That I walked home all by myself like an idiot after watching my husband leave with another woman? 
Hannah thought to herself as she tried to push him off, but Fabian simply tightened his grip on her even further. “Hold still! I’ll get your wounds treated!” 
“That won’t be necessary. I’ve already taken care of it myself earlier. Besides, I think I should get used to looking after myself anyway.” Her tone sounded extremely cold when she said that.
###Chapter 1010
Chapter 1010 
Fabian froze upon hearing that. Seizing this opportunity, Hannah broke of his embrace and headed upstairs. 
She was hoping to hear him explain himself the whole time, but heard nothing from him even after reaching the bedroom door. 
Hannah let out a sigh and climbed back into bed, but she was unable to fall asleep no matter how hard she tried. 
Suddenly, she felt a warm sensation from behind, followed by the fragrant scent of his shampoo and the tickling touch of his hair on her cheek. 
“You asleep?” he asked while blowing gently into her ear. 
Hannah tensed up instantly, but she kept her eyes shut as she pretended to be asleep. 
Fabian let out a chuckle as he slowly moved his hand from her shoulder to her waist and hugged her tightly. 
Hannah found his sudden act of intimacy disgusting and tensed up even more. 
These hands are the same ones he held Yvette with… 
With that thought, she tensed up further. 
Fabian kept breathing heavily as if he was trying to suppress his urges. After quite a while, he let out a sigh and whispered softly into her ear, “Nothing happened between Yvette and I. What you saw during
the day was merely an act. As you know, scandals are the best way for actors and actresses to boost their popularity.” 
Heh, right… And I suppose my husband is the one who has to pay the price for her popularity, eh? 
Hannah sneered at the thought of that, but remained silent and kept her lips pursed. 
The silence increased the awkward tension between them. Fabian moved closer towards her and gently rubbed his face against the back of her neck, but she instinctively moved out of the way and shifted herself a little more towards her side of the bed. 
Fabian let out an awkward sigh as he pulled his arm back and gave her some space by returning to his side of the bed. 
Hannah bit down on her lip and tightened her grip on the corner of her pillow. 
Why do I feel so empty inside? Since when did Fabian and I end up like this? 
She was woken up by the sunlight shining on her face the next morning. After sleepily rubbing her eyes, Hannah realized that Fabian was hugging her with his arms wrapped around her waist. 
She stared at his face and felt tempted to touch his long eyelashes, but held herself back in the end. She then carefully got out of bed and took a shower before leaving the villa. 
Fabian opened his eyes when he reached out and felt nothing but the cold bedsheets next to him. 
With a frown on his face, he put on his slippers and went looking for Hannah downstairs. 
He saw her coming through the front door with huge bags in her hands as he came down the stairs. “Where have you been?”
“I went shopping for some gifts to bring for Mom and Dad when I go visit them. It’s been a long time since my last visit, after all. Are you coming?” Hannah said as she placed the bags down on the floor. 
Fabian narrowed his eyes at her before sitting down on the sofa. “Maybe some other day. Something has come up at work.” 
“Okay,” Hannah replied with a nod. 
Fabian turned around to steal a glance at her expression, but she was already busy making breakfast in the kitchen. 
Hannah’s cooking usually tasted great, but every dish she made that morning tasted off for some reason. With no appetite to enjoy the food, Fabian simply took a few mouthfuls of it before getting dressed for work. 
“Shall I have the driver send you there?” he asked casually while standing at the door. 
Hannah shook her head. “No, I can head over there myself.” 
“Okay, drive safely.” 
She waited till he had disappeared from sight before packing her things into the car and driving towards the Norton Residence. 
Little did she know, she was about to get into a car accident with a certain someone.
###Chapter 1011
Chapter 1011 
Hannah had a frown on her face as her mind was filled with all sorts of conflicting thoughts. 
Bang! The loud noise snapped her out of it, and she realized she had crashed her car into the red Porsche in front of her. 
Upon taking a closer look at the plate number, she recognized it as Yvette’s car. 
Knock! Knock! Knock! Yvette’s assistant knocked angrily on her window, so she had no choice but to get out of the car and work things out. 
“Don’t you watch where you’re going? Of all the cars on the road, you just had to crash into this one, huh? Do you know how much the repairs are going to cost? You think you can afford to pay for it?” the assistant bombarded her with a barrage of questions before she could even say anything. 
Hannah had decided to take the van instead as she didn’t want to draw attention to herself, so it was understandable why Yvette’s assistant would look down on her. 
She took a deep breath and said as calmly as possible, “Sorry, I’ll compensate you fully for the repairs.” 
The assistant sneered and jabbed a finger at Hannah as she shouted, “Do you even have any idea how much this car costs? You wouldn’t be able to afford the repairs even if you sold your car over here!” 
Hannah frowned as she felt her patience running out. 
“What do you guys want from me, then?” she snapped back at the assistant with her hands on her hips.
On top of that, her height of five feet and seven inches combined with her three-inch heels made her seem all the more intimidating. 
“What’s going on here?” Yvette asked as she came out of the car. 
She was wearing a short red dress and had a pair of matching red heels to go with it. 
The assistant shot Hannah a contemptuous look as she said, “This woman has the audacity to talk back at us after crashing her car into yours!” 
Yvette gracefully took her sunglasses off and eyed Hannah from head to toe disdainfully before putting it back on. 
“Just have her pay for the repairs, then. What’s there to argue about?” she said casually with her arms folded across her chest. 
Hannah walked up to Yvette and said with a sneer, “Ms. Tanner, I’ll have you know that I did offer to compensate you two fully for the repairs. However, your assistant doesn’t seem intelligent enough to understand such a basic concept. I suggest you get yourself a new one.” 
“What the hell did you just say?” The assistant got mad and stepped forward to hit her, but Hannah was faster and stopped her by grabbing her wrist. 
Yvette frowned slightly when she noticed a familiar scent in the air. Wait… This smells like… Fabian! 
A look of panic flashed past her eyes when it dawned on her who she was up against, and she said with the friendliest smile she had, “In that case, there is no reason for us to be arguing at all! We’re at fault too, so let’s just call it even, okay?”
Hannah was a little taken aback by her response. “We can’t just let this slide! She’s clearly in the wrong here!” the assistant shouted angrily. 
“Shut up! I said, we’re calling it even!” Yvette cut her off. 
Hannah leaned lazily against her van as she watched the drama unfold before her. 
The assistant shot her a furious glare, but didn’t dare say another word. 
Yvette then shifted her gaze back towards Hannah and said with a smile, “I apologize for the rude behavior of my ignorant assistant. Don’t worry, we won’t be seeking any legal recourse for this incident.” 
“All right, then.” Hannah replied in a very cold tone.. 
Yvette simply nodded awkwardly in response and watched in silence as Hannah made her way back into her van. 
Heh… She’s quite a charming one, I’ll give her that… I guess I can see why Fabian would fall for her… Hannah sneered as she thought to herself.
###Chapter 1012
Chapter 1012 
The assistant waited till Hannah had driven off before asking Yvette in confusion, “That woman was clearly at fault! Why did you just let her go like that?” 
The Yvette I know would never have reacted that way! 
Yvette glanced at her through the corner of her eye. “Why do you think she dared stand up to me like that, huh? I noticed Fabian’s scent on her, okay? Also, I don’t need your opinion on the decisions I make!” 
The assistant was shocked. “What?” 
Yvette put her sunglasses back on and turned around. “Come on, let’s go! What are you waiting for? We’re going to be late!” 
With that, the assistant got into the car and drove off while Yvette went into deep thought as she leaned against the back seat. Who on earth is that woman? 
Yvette leaned back on the seat and there was a look of mixed emotions on her face. 
Who is this woman actually? 
Due to the unexpected encounter with Yvette, Hannah changed her course halfway through the journey and arrived at the office about half an hour later. 
After placing her backpack and the bags of gifts on her desk, she reached out to boot up her computer. However, she accidentally knocked over a glass of milk with her elbow and spilled it all over her skirt.
She then grabbed some tissue and tried to wipe it off as she made her way to the bathroom, but she couldn’t get rid of the stains no matter what. 
As she tossed the tissue at the sink out of frustration, she heard a sarcastic voice from behind, “So you married a penniless bum even though you’re a nobody yourself, eh? Oh, well… I guess you two do go well together!” 
Hannah frowned and turned around to face Regina who was staring at her disdainfully as she touched up her makeup. 
Regina had always been picking on her at every chance she had, but she was especially aggressive this time. 
“So what? It’s still a lot better than being a homewrecker for the sake of money! I bet the entire office knows about your affair with Mr. Campbell!” Hannah raised an eyebrow at her and leaned against the sink with her arms crossed. 
Regina’s face went livid with rage when she heard that, and their little exchange had even attracted the attention of several coworkers who were passing by. 
“What the hell are you looking at? Get back to work!” she shouted angrily at them, and they quickly returned to their respective desks. 
Hannah simply shrugged at Regina with a gleeful smile on her face. 
“Look, I won him over with my beauty and charm! No matter how you look at it, these diamond rings and designer handbags are a lot better than that worthless man of yours!” Regina said smugly while flaunting her diamond ring at her.
Up until now, Fabian has yet to give me anything… Hannah thought to herself as she gently rubbed her empty ring finger. 
“In that case, I wish you all the best in replacing the existing Mrs. Campbell. That is, if Mr. Campbell is even serious about you. Who knows, he might see you as nothing but a toy that he’d discard when he gets bored someday!” 
Regina grabbed her by the collar and shouted in her face, “You sure talk big for a nobody! I’ll have you know that nothing good ever comes out of opposing me!” 
“Yeah? Well, unfortunately for you, I’m not one to back down without a fight!” Hannah said with a sneer as she brushed Regina’s hands off and wiped the spot that she grabbed earlier. 
“Know your place, Hannah! Right now, I can crush you like a bug anytime I want!” Regina threatened her with a vicious smile on her face. 
“Oh? Is that so? Bring it on, then. I’d like to see how you and Mr. Campbell are going to crush me!” Hannah said casually. 
“You…” Regina’s eyes were filled with rage as she glared at her, but Hannah remained calm and indifferent no matter what.
###Chapter 1013
Chapter 1013 
Realizing that she wasn’t going to provoke a response out of Hannah, Regina turned around and stormed off angrily instead. 
Hannah let out a sigh of relief as she fixed her makeup and left the bathroom. 
Before she could even sit down at her desk, Bob came barging in angrily and threw a file onto her desk. 
“My office, right this instant!” 
Hannah shuddered a little and quickly followed behind him. Regina pulled a face at her when she passed her by and mouthed the words, “Serves you right!” 
Hannah simply frowned at her in annoyance and quickened her pace. 
After closing the door to Bob’s office, she stood before him with her hands clasped in front of her as she asked, “What is it, Mr. Dijon?” 
Despite only being in his forties, Bob had a huge bald patch on the top of his head. At that moment, he pulled his hair with one and turned around on the same spot in his office. 
“Hannah… You’ve been working here for a few years now, right?” he asked as patiently as he could while trying his best to suppress his anger. 
“Yes, that’s right,” Hannah replied honestly. 
“Look at the crap you’ve written! This is absolute garbage! Everyone’s talking about the relationship between Fabian and Yvette right now, and yet you give me this nonsense instead?” Bob raised his
voice at her so suddenly that Hannah flinched in response. 
She clenched her fists, digging her nails into her palms as she replied with her head low, “I’m sorry, Mr. Dijon… It’s my fault, but…” 
How on earth was I supposed to write that article? This is my husband we’re talking about! 
“No buts! I’ll give you one more chance, Hannah! Go talk to Fabian and see that you get that exclusive interview with him!” Bob raised his voice at her again. 
“What? But… Everyone knows Fabian doesn’t accept requests for interviews! I…” Hannah looked at him in disbelief. 
“That’s exactly why it’ll sell! I don’t care what you do, just make sure you get that interview!” Bob shouted before sitting down in his chair and sipping on some tea. 
Hannah bit down on her lip and stood there in silence for a quite a while. Eventually, she looked up and stared Bob in the eye as she said firmly, “Mr. Dijon, I think you should have someone else do this instead. I really can’t manage it.” 
“You can’t, huh?” He hurled the file angrily at her, almost spilling the tea on her in the process. “Then, get lost! This company doesn’t have room for useless trash like you! You can either get that interview by today or resign and get the hell out of here! The choice is yours!” 
Hannah frowned and was about to say something in response, but decided not to when she saw how angry he looked. 
“Okay, I’ll try…” she said with a helpless nod. 
“Don’t just try! Make it happen!” Bob shouted angrily.
Hannah simply pursed her lips and kept quiet. 
Bob sat back down in his chair and waved at her as he said, “All right, you’re dismissed. Go do what you have to do.” 
“Yes, Mr. Dijon.” Hannah nodded and walked out of his office. 
There’s no way Fabian would agree to this… 
She thought to herself as she stood outside Norton Corporation. After taking a deep breath, Hannah made her way into the main lobby. 
“How may I help you, Miss?” The receptionist at the front desk stopped her the moment she came in. 
Hannah quickly pulled out her identification and said softly, “I’m Hannah Young, a journalist from Weekly Entertainment. I would like to interview Mr. Norton, please.” 
“A journalist?” The receptionist frowned impatiently at her. “I’m sorry, Mr. Norton doesn’t do interviews. Please leave.”
###Chapter 1014
Chapter 1014 
“But…” 
“I told you, he doesn’t do interviews. If you don’t leave now, I’ll have security escort you out of here!” The receptionist’s horrible attitude formed a huge contrast with her delicate features. 
Hannah looked at the VIP lane on the side and let out a helpless sigh as she put her badge away. 
I knew it would only result in failure… 
She stole a few glances at the elevator as she began walking out of the building, hoping for a miracle which was unlikely to happen. 
“Ms. Young!” The receptionist’s voice came from behind her. 
Hannah was startled and quickly turned around. “Yes?” 
“Mr. Norton said to send you upstairs. Please head to the president’s office on the twelfth floor,” the receptionist said reluctantly. 
“All right, thanks!” Hannah replied with a smile. 
As if I need her to tell me where his office is! 
She then took the elevator up with a few of the staff members, but they had all gotten off by the time she arrived at the twelfth floor. 
Hannah felt her heart racing as she stared at the floor number on the display. 
Ding! The elevator came to a halt.
She tidied her hair and her dress before walking towards Fabian’s office with a faint smile on her face. 
“You’re Hannah Young, right?” A woman in a black business attire appeared before her. 
Hannah nodded and replied softly, “Yes, that’s right.” 
“I’m Mr. Norton’s assistant. This way, please,” the assistant said while bowing slightly at her. 
Hannah followed closely behind, and the two arrived outside Fabian’s office shortly after. 
Knock! Knock! Knock! The assistant knocked on the door. 
“Come in!” Fabian’s cold voice came from inside. 
The assistant opened the door, and Hannah saw Fabian with his head low as he continued reading some documents at his desk. He looked so charming that she found herself a little distracted, but she also noticed something missing in her heart which made her feel extremely terrible. 
“Ms. Young is here to see you, Mr. Norton,” the assistant said politely. 
Fabian looked up and shot Hannah a cold glare. “All right, please get back to work.” 
“Yes, Mr. Norton.” The assistant nodded and walked out of his office, leaving the door open for Hannah who was standing right next to it. 
Hannah was so distracted that she didn’t even realize Fabian was wearing her favorite royal blue dress shirt with dark red cufflinks. 
“You want to talk with the door open?” Fabian asked playfully, snapping her out of her train of thought.
Hannah quickly closed the door and introduced herself as she walked up to him, “I’m Hannah Young from Weekly Entertainment. Would you have time for an interview, Mr. Norton?” 
“Do we even need introductions?” he asked in a hoarse voice while tossing his pen aside and crossing his fingers in front of him. 
Hannah’s mind went blank for a moment, and she forgot what she had wanted to say. 
After taking some time to reorganize her thoughts, she put on her most professional smile ever as she said, “Are you at the moment, Mr. Norton?” 
“I never do interviews, and you should know that better than anyone,” Fabian replied calmly. 
Of course I do! It’s just that… 
“This is my job, Mr. Norton. I seek your kind understanding on this matter.” She tried her best to make herself sound as polite and gentle as possible. 
“Oh?” He raised an eyebrow at her in response. 
“May we begin the interview now, Mr. Norton?” Hannah cut straight to the chase. 
Fabian walked up to her with his hands in his pockets and a devilish grin on his face. “Why don’t you answer that question for me instead?” he whispered into her ear while taking a sniff of her hair.
###Chapter 1015
Chapter 1015 
Hannah clenched her teeth and took a few steps back before replying coldly, “It’s my job to interview you, Mr. Norton. I assure you, it won’t take long.” 
Fabian frowned as he stared briefly at the stubborn look on her face before letting out a chuckle. “You sure are cold towards me.” 
Hannah felt a sudden pressure on her wrist, and found herself being pulled into his embrace before she knew what was going on. 
“Please let go, Mr. Norton!” she exclaimed angrily while putting some distance between them with her elbow. 
“And what if I don’t?” he asked with a teasing smile as he shoved her onto the couch and got on top of her. 
“What are you doing? Let go of me!” Hannah grumbled softly while struggling with all her might. 
Fabian broke into a huge grin as he gently ran his finger over her rosy lips. “You said it yourself that it’s your job to interview me, so I’m doing this for your interview!” 
“Please behave yourself, Mr. Norton!” Hannah shouted while glaring at him, her eyes were filled with embarrassment and anger. 
“Behave myself? Only an impotent man would behave himself in front of his woman! Besides, I’m sure you know just how ‘potent’ I am…” Fabian said as he gave her breasts a squeeze. 
Her face was burning bright red, but her eyes were filled with rage. “F*ck you!”
Hannah attempted to knee him in the crotch, but Fabian was faster and blocked her attack in time. 
“Looks like I’ll have to punish you a little…” he whispered with a smirk and slowly moved closer towards her face. 
Hannah closed her eyes and looked to the side to avoid his kiss. 
“Heh…” 
She opened her eyes when she heard his chuckle in her ear, meeting his burning hot gaze just inches away from her. 
“What are you expecting, hmm?” 
“Let go of me!” Hannah shouted angrily through clenched teeth. 
Fabian rested his chin on her shoulder and ran his finger gently across her collarbone. “That attitude of yours won’t work if you’re begging me, you know?” 
“You…” Hannah was infuriated, but could only let out a helpless sigh as she asked, “What do I have to do to have you accept this interview?” 
“Be a good girl, and I’ll give you what you want. Nobody defies me, Hannah. Not even you.” 
Hannah went pale and felt a shiver down her spine when she heard that. 
W-What’s Fabian playing at? 
“And what if I refuse?” she asked defiantly. 
“Then you can forget about this interview,” Fabian said while leaning lazily against the sofa.
An awkward pause ensued as Hannah gripped the edge of the sofa so tightly that her nails almost tore through the leather. 
She frowned as both Bob’s warning and Regina’s insults echoed in her head. 
Eventually, she took a deep breath and helplessly let go of the sofa as she said, “Fine, but you must promise me that you’ll do the interview after this…” 
“Of course.” Fabian agreed to it gleefully without any hesitation. 
He ran his hand gently along the side of her face before kissing her passionately all of a sudden. 
Hannah tensed up instinctively, but Fabian interlocked his fingers with hers and kissed her on the ear lobe while whispering, “Relax…” 
As if enchanted by his words, Hannah found herself loosening up a little. It wasn’t until he moved on to her collarbone that she came back to her senses again.
###Chapter 1016
Chapter 1016 
She tightened her grip on him, digging her nails deep into the back of his hands. 
Fabian frowned slightly in response, but he didn’t let that stop him from reaching out to unbutton her blouse. 
Hannah instinctively tried to fight him off in response, but pulled her hand back after a brief moment of hesitation. 
Fabian let out a wry chuckle in annoyance. “Do you dislike me that much, Hannah?” 
Hannah arched an eyebrow at him and said calmly, “I don’t think this has anything to do with our interview, Mr. Norton.” 
Fabian pursed his lips and stared at her for quite a while before breaking into a slight grin. “Then, let’s do something that does!” 
He then grabbed her by the chin and forced his tongue into her mouth, intertwining it with hers. 
Hannah subconsciously placed her hands on his shoulders for a few seconds before pulling them back again. 
Fabian’s eyes lit up as he increased the intensity of his kiss and interlocked fingers with her. 
After what seemed like an eternity, Fabian let go of her and gently caressed her forehead with an affectionate look in his eyes. “There’s a good girl.” 
Hannah shoved him off angrily and tidied herself up as she asked coldly, “Can we have that interview now, Mr. Norton?”
Fabian flashed her a mischievous grin and leaned closer towards her while pointing at his cheek. 
Fabian sure is an annoying one! She pouted at him in response. 
“What’s the matter? You don’t want your job anymore?” he taunted her when he saw no response from her. 
“You…” Hannah took a deep breath to quickly calm herself down before giving him a quick peck on the cheek. 
Fabian leaned back lazily against the sofa with a satisfied grin and motioned at her to carry on as he said, “You may begin the interview.” 
Hannah rolled her eyes before sitting down in front of him, only to become completely dumbfounded when she took a look at the file she had. 
These questions… Why are they so different from the ones I had before? 
“What’s wrong?” Fabian asked impatiently while checking the time. 
Hannah shook her head and said with a smile, “It’s nothing. May I know if you have any plans on marrying Ms. Tanner?” 
Fabian smiled slyly when he noticed the grim look on her face. “That depends on her decision, really.” 
Hannah bit down on her lip and anxiously shifted her gaze back towards her file, but the next question was worse than the previous one. “Is there more to your sudden announcement of your relationship with Ms. Tanner?” She shuddered a little as she asked that, but forced herself to maintain eye contact anyway. 
“Of course not,” he replied with a shrug.
“When did you two start seeing each other?” Hannah found herself asking that question before she could stop herself and let out a wry smile. Given everything that has happened… Does knowing that even matter anymore? 
“That question wasn’t from your senior editor, was it?” Fabian asked while pointing at the file that was sliding off her lap. 
She quickly caught it with an awkward smile on her face. “Sorry…” 
“That’s all right. Carry on,” he replied coldly while adjusting his posture. 
Hannah recollected her thoughts and successfully completed the interview according to the questions on the file.
###Chapter 1017
Chapter 1017 
She stood up and breathed a huge sigh of relief. “Thank you very much for your time, Mr. Norton. I will have someone send you a copy of the next issue when it is published.” 
“Sure.” Fabian took another glance at the time and continued, “Would you like to join me for lunch?” 
“No, I need to get back to work now,” Hannah replied without any hesitation and ran off quickly. 
The smile on Fabian’s face faded as he watched her disappear into the distance before returning to his desk. 
His assistant knocked on his door and sounded a little anxious as she said, “Everyone’s waiting for you in the meeting room, Mr. Norton…” 
“Got it.” His tone was as cold as ice. 
I missed out on an important meeting just so I could let her have this exclusive interview… 
Hannah saw Fabian walking towards the meeting room as she entered the elevator. 
He had a serious look on his face and seemed like a completely different person from earlier. 
“Damn, that guy’s practically a wolf in sheep’s clothing!” she muttered under her breath as she stood inside the empty elevator. 
I never knew Fabian had such a shameless side to him… The way he looked so casual when he said it depends on Yvette’s decision… 
Hannah kept her head low and stared at her feet as she got lost in thought.
“Excuse me! Excuse me!” She snapped out of it when she felt someone bump into her on their way out and realized she had arrived at the bottom floor. 
Hannah quickly stepped out of the elevator before it went back up again, only to see Yvette the moment she got to the main lobby. 
She was wearing a black miniskirt and a matching pair of black stiletto heels which made a loud clacking noise with every step she took. 
Yvette looked as proud as a peacock as she strutted through the lobby with a pair of sunglasses on her face and her head held high. 
Hannah glanced at her watch, took a deep breath, and walked straight ahead. 
Yvette’s assistant tapped her on the shoulder and asked, “Hey, isn’t that the woman from before?” 
“You’re right, she is!” Yvette adjusted her sunglasses and shot Hannah a provocative smile which was met with a fearless stare in response. 
Yvette grabbed her by the arm as the two of them passed by each other. “Hmph… I can’t believe you’d be bold enough to come all the way here for a scoop!” she said while staring at the camera in Hannah’s hand. 
Hannah brushed her arm off with an annoyed frown. “You seem to have gotten the wrong idea here, Ms. Tanner.” 
Yvette crossed her arms. “You’re the one who crashed into my car, aren’t you? I should’ve known you were one of the paparazzi!” 
Hannah could feel the look of disdain from behind those sunglasses of hers.
“Still trying to lie your way out of this, huh? In case you haven’t realized, this company belongs to the Norton family, and Yvette’s going to be the lady of the house!” the assistant said gleefully. 
Lady of the house, huh? Good luck with that. 
Hannah felt a sudden burst of anger within her, and she retaliated by saying, “You overestimate yourself if you think you’re worthy of me tailing you for a scoop!” 
“Why, you…” Feeling infuriated, Yvette reached out to snatch her camera from her. “Prove it, then! Show me what’s on your camera!” 
Hannah quickly took a step back and held her camera behind her, causing Yvette to nearly trip over had she not grabbed onto her assistant in time. 
The commotion drew the attention of those around them, and people started pointing their cameras at Yvette who tried to play it off by tossing her hair.
###Chapter 1018
Chapter 1018 
Hannah let out a chuckle and shot her a condescending look as she said, “How inappropriate of you, demanding to go through my stuff like that.” 
“Funny hearing that from a member of the paparazzi! I bet you’re just feeling guilty because I exposed you!” Yvette shouted back at her. 
“That’s enough talking! Take this, you b*tch!” The assistant rolled up her sleeves and prepared herself to snatch the camera as well. 
“Looks like the saying is true, after all. Birds of a feather really do flock together!” Hannah replied calmly despite being on the verge of losing her patience. 
Had it not been for these heels and this camera, I would’ve kicked her a** right here and now! 
The assistant went livid with rage and tried to slap her across the face, but Hannah was faster and caught her by the wrist. “What do you think you are doing?” 
“You…” The assistant turned towards Yvette for help. 
Yvette had a gloomy look on her face as she shouted at the receptionist at the front desk, “What the hell are you waiting for? Get this damned paparazzi out of here!” 
The receptionist stopped smiling and looked around to make sure Yvette was addressing her before stepping forward. 
“Where are all the security guards, huh? What the f*ck am I paying you all for?” Yvette continued shouting angrily while Hannah simply sneered at her out of pity and disdain.
“Ms. Tanner, she really isn’t a paparazzi,” the receptionist explained with a helpless look on her face. 
“What the hell are you saying? There’s no way I’d be wrong about her!” Yvette questioned her angrily. 
The receptionist then leaned closer to Yvette and whispered in her ear, “Mr. Norton was the one who invited her upstairs to do an exclusive interview.” 
“An exclusive interview?” Yvette was surprised. Fabian never does interviews, and yet he’s personally invited her over for one? Something isn’t right here… 
“That’s right, Ms. Tanner. This really is a misunderstanding.” The receptionist observed her facial expressions and let out a sigh of relief when she saw that Yvette had calmed down. 
Yvette seemed to realize something as she recalled the scent she detected on Hannah the other day and stormed off without saying a word. 
“This woman sure is more than what meets the eyes!” the assistant exclaimed. 
“Why are you stating the obvious!” Yvette took out her anger on her assistant instead. “Not a word about this incident in front of Fabian, you hear?” 
The assistant nodded. “Got it…” 
Hannah had a troubled look in her eyes as she watched Yvette disappear into the elevator before walking out of the building. 
“The show’s over, people! Get back to work!” the receptionist called out to the crowd around the front desk. 
Realizing that it was raining when she got outside, Hannah took shelter in a café across the street while Fabian watched her from his window upstairs.
The rain had stopped by the time Hannah finished her coffee, so she quickly grabbed her stuff and hailed a cab home. 
While staring blankly at the scenery outside the car, Hannah went into deep thought. 
I wonder what are Fabian and Yvette doing right now? I could almost imagine him embracing her and whispering all sorts of steamy stuff into her ear… Heck, he even kissed her not long ago! 
The more she thought about it, the deeper her frown became.
###Chapter 1019
Chapter 1019 
“We’re here, miss!” the driver called out to her, snapping her out of her train of thoughts. 
Hannah nodded, paid the fare, and got out of the cab. 
To her surprise, she found Fabian lounging on the sofa when she entered the house. He was dressed in a loose-fitting casual outfit, but it did nothing to hide his amazing figure. 
There were even drops of water falling off the ends of his bangs, indicating that he had just come out of the shower. 
Hannah was dumbfounded by what she saw and checked the living room to see if Yvette was around, but she was nowhere to be found. 
What on earth did they do in his office? 
She frowned deeply as she couldn’t wrap her head around it. 
“How long do you plan on standing there?” Fabian asked all of a sudden. 
Having regained her composure, Hannah quickly turned around and shut the door behind her. 
“Have you taken dinner yet?” he asked while casually sipping on his coffee. 
Hannah placed her shoes neatly on the rack and changed into her home slippers. “No, I didn’t have the appetite for it.” 
“Okay.” Fabian placed his cup down on the coffee table and began making his way towards the kitchen. 
“Don’t bother, we need to talk,” Hannah called out to him.
Fabian stopped in his tracks and flashed her a mischievous grin. “Oh? What would you like to talk to me about?” 
“Yvette,” Hannah replied coldly. 
Fabian frowned when he saw the cold gaze which encompassed exhaustion and disgust in her eyes and motioned at her to sit down beside him. 
Hannah hesitated a little, but did as told anyway. 
He then reached out to put an arm around her shoulder, only to have Hannah move herself away from him to maintain her distance. 
Feeling a little awkward, Fabian pulled his hand back and simply stared at her from the side. 
“I can see that Yvette really likes you, and I know you have some feelings for her as well…” 
“Really? You could tell all that?” Fabian interrupted her. 
Hannah rolled her eyes at him in annoyance. This guy… Would it kill him to stop messing with me for once? 
“You know what I mean, Fabian! If Yvette is the one you love, then you shouldn’t be messing around with me anymore. I’m not that kind of woman and I am sure you know that?” 
Fabian wiped the smile off his face when he saw her getting angry. He looked her in the eyes and asked, “What kind of woman are you, then?” 
Hannah stared at him in silence for a while before letting out a huge sigh. “If you plan on marrying Yvette, then you shouldn’t keep me hanging between the two of you. Let’s get divorced, Fabian.”
Her tone was very firm when she said that, much to his surprise. 
Fabian pursed his lips and curled up his fingers that had gone white at the knuckles. 
He then let out a chuckle as he grabbed her by the chin and whispered into her ear, “It’s easy to marry me, but leaving me? Heh…” 
Hannah refused to back down and clenched her teeth while glaring back at him defiantly. “I’ve had enough.” 
Noticing how tired she sounded, Fabian gave her a sympathetic look. Then, he put on an ambiguous smile and leaned back against the sofa. “You’ll have to please me if you want to leave.” 
The look in Hannah’s eyes turned hollow as she stared at him in disbelief. 
Is that it? Pleasing him is all it takes to end a marriage? 
“Did Yvette please you as well?” she asked instinctively, wondering if she should reconsider her decision, but Fabian’s reply made that impossible. 
“Well… She’s a lot more obedient than you are, that’s for sure.” 
Hannah’s fists were so tightly clenched that her nails were almost cutting into her palm, but she maintained a faint smile on her face as she said, “Looks like a divorce really is the best choice, after all.”
###Chapter 1020
Chapter 1020 
Fabian simply shrugged in response. 
Hannah found herself getting angry at how shameless he was. She bit her lower lip hard and her face was flushed. Fabian was not bothered. “Fabian, why are you doing this?” 
Now that I think about the questions he’s answered earlier in the day, everything just seems to be dripping with irony… 
“Because I hold the power to make that decision.” he replied casually and made his way into the kitchen before she could respond. 
She curled up her legs and placed them on the sofa. When her toes could still feel the warmth when they landed on the patch that he sat on earlier. She didn’t hesitate but pull back her legs. 
Hannah was really tired after having a long day and fell asleep on the sofa before Fabian was done making dinner. 
Fabian smiled wryly when he saw her sleeping soundly when he served up the food. There was a glint of sadness on his face. 
Then, he walked up to her and carefully carried her upstairs. 
Hannah woke up on the way to the bedroom. She was greeted with Fabian’s burning gaze and jolted awake in the next second and she jumped out of his arms. “I can walk on my own now.” 
There was a hint of bitterness in Fabian’s smile as he put his hands into his pockets and kept quiet. 
Hannah bit down on her lip and stared at him for a while before turning around and running off.
Fabian then returned to the sofa in the living room and continued sipping on his coffee while staring at the food on the dining table. 
Damn, why does coffee taste a lot more bitter after it’s gone cold? Also, I can’t believe I made all her favorite dishes, only to have them go to waste like this… 
Fabian was gone by the time Hannah woke up the next day. After going through her morning routine, she had a quick breakfast and left for work. 
“Congratulations, Hannah!” one of her colleagues shouted the moment she arrived at the office. 
Although confused, she responded politely anyway, “Thanks.” 
“Hmph, don’t get all cocky just because you got an exclusive interview!” Regina tugged on the strap of her Louis Vuitton handbag while glaring disdainfully at Hannah’s white canvas backpack. 
“You do know that this is Fabian’s first ever exclusive interview, right?” Hannah responded in kind as she sat down at her desk. 
“Just you wait, Hannah, I’ll wipe that smug look off your face!” Regina could be heard shouting through clenched teeth from behind. 
Knock! Knock! Knock! 
Hannah looked up when she heard a knocking on her desk and saw Bob smiling at her. “Come to my office, Hannah.” 
“Yes, Mr. Dijon!” She nodded and quickly followed behind. 
After entering his office, Hannah closed the door behind her and eyed Bob’s facial expression nervously.
“Your exclusive interview has been very well-received, so we’re planning on making a second issue! Seeing that you’re in charge of the first one, I’ll have you take care of the second one as well!” Bob narrowed his eyes into a smile as he said that. 
“What? Mr. Dijon, I can’t do that!” she exclaimed in surprise. 
“Why not? You did just fine during your exclusive interview, didn’t you? You know how important Fabian is to our company, so you should know that you’re the only one who can do this!” 
Hannah pursed her rosy lips and refused to accept that task. 
Bob let out a sigh and was about to say something when he was interrupted by an incoming phone call. 
“Hello, Mr. Norton! Why’d you call us up in person? Is there something about the article that you’re not happy with?” he asked with a bright smile on his face.
###Chapter 1021
Chapter 1021 
Hannah’s expression grew increasingly somber as she regarded the smiling senior editor. 
She was not sure what Fabian said on the other end that had Bob nodding repeatedly in acknowledgment. This went on for a while before he hung up. 
The senior editor reverted to his poker face before he regarded Hannah. “Fabian has initiated a follow up interview, and specially asked for you.” 
Hannah looked up and met his stern gaze but was cut off before she could voice her protestations. “Get yourself there if you want to continue at this company!” 
She furrowed. The tone by which this order was issued left her in no doubt that she must abide. “I understand.” 
The man’s expression then softened alongside his inflection, “The fate of the magazine company’s in your hands now, Hannah.” 
The woman was oddly vexed as she nodded. She then made her way outside to pick up her backpack and camera before she departed. Never could she had anticipated what was to come next. 
“Are you Ms. Young? Mr. Norton’s in the middle of a meeting and will be with you shortly,” Fabian’s assistant said cordially as he held her at the door. 
“I can wait.” Hannah returned the smile and went on to make herself comfortable at the rest area. 
From where she was at, the entirety of Fabian’s office was visible through the window.
As Fabian was not fond of vibrant colors, the interior was furnished in shades of simple monochrome, and also obsessively clean. 
“Please have some water, Ms. Young,” said the assistant. 
Hannah promptly withdrew her gaze and nodded. “Thank you.” 
“Relax, the meeting should be over soon.” 
“Okay,” she replied staidly. 
She was not worried though, as she had seen worse from Fabian. 
The assistant bowed slightly before he recused himself to attend to his own affairs. 
Hannah thought she might as well took the opportunity to review the questions she needed to ask later in order to prevent a repeat the same hiccup from last time round. 
“Whew…” She exhaled deeply after closing up the document, but there was no notable activity outside. 
A quick glance at her wrist told her that half an hour had already lapsed. 
Out of boredom, she walked up to the French window to take in the sights beyond which helped improve her mood. 
Her thoughts then wandered to that of the relationship between Yvette and Fabian, and what the future might hold for Fabian and herself. 
She did not even realize that the man was coming behind her. 
“A penny for your thoughts?” His deep and husky voice rang up behind her unannounced.
Hannah was slightly taken aback but promptly regained her composure. She used the same tone in the reply. “You could have scared people half to death sneaking up on them like that, Mr. Norton. Are you ready for me now?” 
Fabian scoffed as he loosened a button before he strode toward the office. 
Hannah set the camera in position and took her seat opposite him. 
The woman cleared her throat and asked gently, “Were you willing to accept our interview on the account of Ms. Tanner?” 
Fabian’s eyes lit up before he shrugged, “In part, yes.” 
Hannah looked at his face vacuously. It seemed that she had spaced out. 
She was mired with her own thoughts about him and Yvette. 
“Hannah Young!” There was a certain severity in his tone. 
Hannah was made aware of her own lack of professionalism but her brain bailed on her, unable to recall what she was supposed to ask next. 
She hastened to refer back to the set of document placed on her lap, but only managed to fumble them all over the floor. 
There was a cold furrow between Fabian’s eyes as he narrowed them. 
“I’m so sorry,” the woman apologized as she tried to sort out the papers in her hands. She then went on to clumsily knock over the glass on the coffee table as she got to her feet. Some of its contents were spilled upon the hem of the man’s trousers.
The annoyance was apparent in Fabian’s eyes. “You should not have come if you aren’t going to take this seriously!”
###Chapter 1022
Chapter 1022 
“I’m really sorry about this. Let’s start again.” She took a deep breath and rapidly switched into working mode. 
Fabian was fully aware of her emotional fluctuations but made no comment. 
“We’re interested to know how you and Ms. Tanner met and what remarkable circumstances brought the two of you together.” She appeared calm and collected, but her fingers could not be more tightly wound around the microphone. 
Fabian adjusted his own sitting posture and nonchalantly tapped away on his knee cap with his fingertips. “I believe any man could appreciate a fine looking woman like Yvette. And her demure and undemanding nature suits me just fine.” 
He observed her face intently for her reaction as these words were purposefully meant for her ears. 
A sliver of displeasure glinted in and passing across her eyes, but it only took a slight dip of her head for her to recover the subtle smile on her lips. 
She mostly kept to the script and refrained from asking anything intrusive, which pleasantly concluded this round of interview. Hannah kept her head bowed as she leisurely went about organizing her notes. 
When she glanced up, her eyes ran head along into Fabian’s burning gaze. 
Her brows perked up slightly. “Is there a problem, Mr. Norton?” 
“You’re truly a competent journalist, to be able to maintain such dignity throughout!” It almost seemed like he was mocking her.
Hannah’s heart skipped a beat as she averted her gaze. “You are teasing me, Mr. Norton. Since our interview has been completed, I shall not continue to hold you up.” 
She proceeded to pick up her backpack but was prevented from doing so by Fabian’s strong hand. 
He leaned himself in so close until they were mere centimeters apart. “Know your place, Hannah. Remember that you are still legally my wife!” 
Mrs. Norton. Such sweet irony. 
She eked out a bitter smile. “Then, tell me, who’s Yvette to you?” 
Fabian’s movements visibly stiffened. The look in his eyes was indecipherable to her. 
He lowered his head as though he was contemplating. 
Hannah quickly got the hint. “I’m leaving. Thank you for your time, Mr. Norton.” 
With that, she bowed respectfully and then strode out of his office. 
Fabian’s eyes were transfixed upon Hannah’s silhouette as she departed. Even though she had her head held high, she was nonetheless fearful of hearing his answer. 
But why did he decline to say it? 
Bob was quite pleased after reviewing the work done upon Hannah’s return to the office. 
“Your editing skills seemed to have taken a little step back, and it seems as though you have been constantly lacking focus at work.” To which Hannah merely nodded profusely without reply. 
“I would like you to handle all reports pertaining Mr. Norton moving forward.”
“Uh what? I…” Her first impulse was to refuse. 
“Don’t even think about trying to get out of this one!” The senior editor stood up and drove his palms forcefully upon the table. His sparse strands of hair fell out of place as he did. 
“I’ve consulted the Chief Editor and we’re going to give you a promotion and a pay raise. From now on, you’ll be a correspondent for anything related to Mr. Norton. Got it?” The man said as he patted down his receding patch. 
It took a lot for Hannah to keep herself from bursting out in laughter. She could only say yes. 
The senior editor allowed her to go on leave after the completion of her second exclusive so that she may make preparations ahead of the next one. 
Hannah returned to her post and buried her head in her work. Regina strutted over in her platform heels and leaned against the former’s desk. She then calmly regarded the seated woman with arms across her own chest. 
The expressionless Hannah stood up and looked the other woman straight in the eye. “What’s the matter? Has being the other woman caused you to lose your spine?” 
“Hmph. So what if you clinched interviews with the CEO of Phoenix Group in two consecutive issues? There’s nothing to be cocky about!” Regina’s meticulously made up face was permeated with scorn. 
Hannah stepped back warily from that woman who was clearly gunning for her again. 
Regina cleared her throat and continued, “Don’t think that I don’t know you’ve been busy making a cuckold of your pitiable pauper of a husband with the boss of Phoenix Group!”
###Chapter 1023
Chapter 1023 
The entire office fell silent and all eyes fell upon Hannah and Regina, not wanting to miss out on the juicy tidbits that the latter spoke of. 
“Huh. You really do seem quite fond of going around snapping at people at random. Old habits die hard, don’t they,” Hannah prodded as she thought how beautiful veneers often belied an unspeakable heinousness. 
She wondered how Regina’s lover even put up with her. 
“Goodness me, Hannah. Who doesn’t know you’ve hooked up with Fabian Norton, and slept with him, his driver and his assistant as well? To think your poor husband has the misfortune of marrying a whore like you,” Regina retorted, not willing to back down. 
Hannah heaved, clearly incensed. “If you can’t respect the journalistic profession, you’ll eventually pay the price.” Hannah stormed up and jabbed at Regina’s shoulder, sending the latter stumbling away from the desk. 
Regina’s face contorted as she looked to charge at Hannah. The smirking Hannah deftly dodged backwards. Regina, who was too harried on striking, got her own feet entangled and her bum winded up on the floor. 
“I’ll get you for this, Hannah Young!” Regina howled. Everyone stared at the pathetic state she was in without coming forth to offer help. 
“Oh, and how do you intend to do that?” Hannah looked askance at her counterpart. 
Regina shuddered. “Just you wait. Someone like you who pulled strings for advancement won’t get to stick around for too long!”
“Speak for yourself!” Hannah was already packed up and ready to head home. 
As she passed, Hannah stopped to loom over Regina. Regina raised her own head to stare back in defiance. Hannah let out a sneer before she departed. 
It went without question that this encounter deeply infuriated Regina. Her eyes burned in Hannah’s direction before she clambered onto her feet. 
Likewise, Hannah had a pair of platform heels on as well. However, she was not as dimwitted as Regina. If not for the backing of her lover, Regina would not dare be so arrogant. 
Besides, if Regina really tried to strike her, Hannah would be sure to remove her heels first time and whack that woman with them. 
But that was just a thought. She was going to restrain herself no matter what Regina said because it really was not a big deal. 
Ding! The elevator door opened. 
Hannah was about to enter when someone shoved at her. She just about managed to stay on her feet by putting her hands to the wall. 
“You. I have never expected that I’d run into you even here!” It was Yvette’s assistant whose sharp eyes enabled her to spot Hannah the moment the elevators door opened. 
Yvette’s shades shielded almost half of her face from view. Even though Hannah could not see her expression, seeing her assistant behaving so haughtily on someone else’s turf was more than she could take.
Apparently, Yvette’s assistant was not done yet. “Are you still thinking about laying hands on our Yvette when you haven’t provided compensation for knocking into her the last time? Do you think you can even afford to pay for the damage?” 
Hannah was almost knocked over herself. When she heard the assistant’s words, she responded frostily. “Aren’t you going to rein your assistant in, Ms. Tanner? Beware that her attitude might get you into trouble someday.” 
The assistant looked to raise a hand against Hannah when she was held back by her employer. Yvette lips curled. “Allow me to apologize to you.” Hannah simmered down and nodded at Yvette before she passed them and into the elevator. 
The assistant would not let up until the door closed. “How could you allow her to get away with it? And apologize to her, at that?” The assistant shook Yvette, quite confounded. 
“This person has connections with Fabian so we should best leave alone. Nothing good can come of it otherwise.” Yvette looked at her assistant who nodded profusely. The latter genuinely did not realize how her thuggish behavior might sully Yvette’s reputation. 
Hannah breathed a sigh of relief as she exited the building. Everything to do with Fabian was more than troublesome for her. So far, no one else on the streets recognized her, nor tried to make her feel uncomfortable.
###Chapter 1024
Chapter 1024 
The occasional jet plane streaked across the backdrop of the clear blue sky. Several birds were perched upon the tree in front of the office building. Hannah let out a rare laugh as she enjoyed the sensation of the wind in her hair. 
Barely two minutes passed before Hannah received a text from Fabian. 
Reading its content brought her back to earth. She walked mechanically toward the station and hailed a ride home like an automaton, completing the entire process without emotion. 
His message said: Wait for me at home, Hannah. I’ll give you what you want. 
She wondered why it those words stabbed at her heart the way they did. 
Hannah towed her own weary body into the house. The cleaner had already left. Owing to Fabian, they did not have a housemaid in their employ either. 
She had the entire sizeable house to herself. After she poured herself a glass of water, she fell slump into the softness of the couch. 
Fabian was probably unaware that she had left work early. For all she knew, he might be pretty preoccupied himself right now. 
For this brief moment, Hannah rediscovered the simple pleasures in life. 
After she finished her drink, she went upstairs to take a leak and a warm shower. Then, she applied a facial mask and fell fast asleep. 
The house was dark by the time Fabian got back. The hour-hand on his wrist watch pointed at eight.
A frown appeared on his face before he went upstairs. 
Fabian pushed open the door and sighed in relief to see Hannah sleeping soundly. He involuntarily walked over and sat by the side of the bed to check on her. 
Her cheeks were delectably rosy in her sleep, which tempted him to chow down so that he might get a taste of it. 
She let out a moan and appeared to be stirring, which gave startled Fabian. He jolted to his feet, only see that she was merely adjusting her position before she resumed her slumber. 
He puffed out. His mental state was affected by her as he approached to pinch her cheeks lightly. “I’m going to order some take-out. Come on down and eat later!” Satisfied that she acknowledged him under her breath, he turned around to head back downstairs. 
The woman in bed flipped herself around and ran a palm over the spot where Fabian sat. Fortunately, a slight warmth still lingered. She smiled as though a great burden was lifted off her. 
The first thing Fabian did when he came down was to call Caleb and get him to look into what happened with Hannah over the past two days. 
Next, he placed an order for four dishes and a soup with the hotel just outside of the villa. He went back up to find that Hannah was still snoozing. 
He became more mindful of his previously assertive movements and tread lightly to Hannah’s bedside. 
The man was oblivious to this minute detail, but the woman who pretended to be sleeping did. Hannah already knew that when he came up the stairs. She thought Fabian would be bothered by the fact that she did not pay any attention to him and turn to leave. To her surprise, he sat by and watched over her.
The ensuing blush which appeared on her face eluded him. He stayed there for a while until the door bell brought him away. Hannah then sat up, red to the ear like an apple. This was the most amount of time he had spent looking at her since they were married. 
Hannah leaned against the door to listen for Fabian’s activities downstairs. She could hear him conversing with the delivery man, and then talk over the phone. Was her name brought up? Was I mentioned? Who is he talking to about me? 
Is it Yvette? 
She had no idea. As Fabian was calling, she jumped up and got herself downstairs. The table had already been laid and Fabian did not need her help at all. Hannah was astonished that a president would see to something like that for himself. 
The look in her eyes told Fabian everything he needed to know. His lips curled into a smile as he reached out and ruffled her disheveled hair, leaving her completely bamboozled. He then nudged her along to the front of the dining table and pulled out the chair for her. The impeccable service rendered caught her quite off guard. 
Is this Fabian? 
The man ate a few mouthfuls before he realized that Hannah had the cutlery between her teeth while she left the food untouched. He was quite amused when he poked at her head. “Tuck in, we still have something important to discuss after dinner.”
###Chapter 1025
Chapter 1025 
“Something important? What might that be?” 
It did not occur to her that they had anything of particular importance to discuss, apart from the interviews. Does that have something to do with the phone call he made just now? 
Fabian smiled broadly and his teeth showed. The exquisite face of his was in bloom and indescribably enchanting. That markedly raised Hannah’s expectations as she sat herself upright and ate. 
The man’s smile widened still when he helped put some fodder into her plate. Hannah was overwhelmed by this display of affection that would really enhance their marital relations. Indeed, the family that eats together stays together. Therefore, it could only be a good thing for them to do so more often. 
Hannah was grinning from ear to ear and wondered what motivated Fabian to do this. He was the one who dictated terms for them right from the beginning. 
After the meal, Hannah got up first to begin clearing the table. Fabian did not sound too pleased behind her. “I won’t fight with you over that.” 
Hannah was not going to be calculative with him about this, as she considered preparing meals and taking care of the chores part of her responsibilities as a wife. Not only did he not wake her up when she pretended to sleep, he made sure that she had food to eat and gently reminded her when she became distracted from the task at hand. This Fabian was a completely different person from the one at the office. 
If only the interviews went as swimmingly as this. She hoped that he would not continue to make things hard for her going forward.
When Hannah returned to the couch, Fabian as already there waiting for her. His slender legs were crossed and his smile was perfect. It was difficult to read what was on his mind. 
“How’s work these past two days? Were you pleased with your interview with me?” He then frowned. He had not meant to be so direct in asking, as he did not want her to catch on. 
Hannah’s eyes widened. That was not the question she was expecting to hear. “It went pretty well. My boss gave me a promotion and raise after the interview. I couldn’t be happier!” Hannah sounded more excited than she realized. 
Fabian asked purely out of concern, but Hannah was under the impression that he was using the interview as a prelude to broaching another subject, again. Hannah had not forgotten how Regina had leveled some unfounded slander at her. All because she managed to secure the interview with Fabian. 
“I have to ask, seeing that you went to bed quite early,” Fabian said. His eyelids twitched as he tried to explain. 
“I’m okay,” she replied. Fabian had no idea how troubling his womanizing ways had been for her. 
Yvette? 
That name popped up in her mind. Hannah looked expectantly at Fabian and wondered why he had not spoken about what she most wanted to hear. 
Fabian felt his chin when he saw her eyes fixated upon him. “Did I get something on my face?” He then leaned in closer. 
Hannah, who was angled forward before, backed off when he tried to close the gap. Fabian was relentless and sat himself down right next to her. Hannah was exasperated and at a loss as to how she ought to react.
The seasoned Casanova Fabian kept at it, pressing in and laying her down expertly. The cold sweat against her back did not trouble him as he caressed her over her top. 
The overwhelmed Hannah was dumbstruck and did not know where she ought to place her hands. His pretty eyes hovered and magnified right in her face. 
Hannah thought she might as well shut her own lids. 
Fabian chuckled briefly and Hannah reopened her eyes to regard him, baffled as to why he was laughing when she was already nervous to bits. 
“What were you looking forward to?” Fabian asked as he beheld her cheeks. How could his little woman be so impossibly adorable? 
He absolutely loved this aspect of her personality. 
Hannah was profoundly embarrassed. The man roundly thwarted every attempt of hers to push her way up. He laid his weight upon her when she started to struggle. She thought that he was messing with her and was about to kiss her today. 
Fabian laughed heartily as Hannah’s bashfulness grew. She finally gave up on her futile resistance and ended up leaning against him in exhaustion.
###Chapter 1026
Chapter 1026 
scared stiff. Her face was flushed like a lobster, as was her body as it shrunk from him. 
The man smiled in gratification at the woman who felt so delicate in his arms. He pressed his hip against the reticent woman who only buried her head deeper into his shoulder. She thought it was her squirming that brought about this biological response, and had no idea that Fabian was feeling desirous. 
That night, Hannah was carried to bed by Fabian. Even though they did not do anything, she slept more soundly than when she did alone. This was why she got married. 
Though many things happened over the course of the day, she felt secure with Fabian beside her. Fabian had a wet dream in which he had Hannah underneath him and… 
When the rays of the sun came streaming in the next morning, Hannah was already up. The first thing she did was look at Fabian. His serene expression as he slept felt less guarded. It must be that his reluctance to open up to anyone that led to her getting hurt. His sleeping posture clearly indicated someone who want to be protected. 
Hannah wanted to take a photo of him while he slept but his eyes opened and regarded her, as though he had sensed her intentions. “Why aren’t you preparing to go to work? Would you like me to send you there?” 
She was caught out red-handed and appeared sheepish. 
Hannah pulled the blanket over him. “It’s fine. I can make my own way there.” She then quickly averted his gaze.
She was going to take the subway to work today. While waiting, she turned her head to Yvette’s advertisement board forcing itself into her consciousness. It did not make her feel very good so she decided to move to another part of the platform. 
There were few people around as it was earlier than usual. Hannah was seated at the front of the train and unexpectedly ran into an acquaintance. 
Regina! Had she noticed Hannah’s presence, she would surely approach. Regina’s platform heels provided sufficiently elevation that she was able to hold on to the safety bar with tremendous ease. Hannah was able to recognize her right away. 
However, Hannah had no intention to relocate herself. Evasion was the way of cowards. 
She pulled out her cellphone to browse the news. As more passengers filed in, she thought she would finally be from that eyesore. 
Many passengers came and went when the train pulled into a major stop. Hannah did not pay too much attention to whoever was seated next to her. 
Regina did not think that way. She took the opportunity of others alighting to seek out a seat quickly as her feet were killing her. When her lover did not show up last night, she was unable to hitch a ride in the morning and had to settle for public transportation. 
What a small world it was for her to bump into the one she most disdained. Regina gnashed her teeth when she walked over and took the spot next to Hannah. She took care to make sure her slightly messy hair was tended to. 
She glared at Hannah for a long time without yielding a response from the woman who remained oblivious to her.
The clutch in Regina’s hand was the newest model released this year, and her feet was clad in leather heels made in Italy. She was decked out from head to toe with the latest offerings from major fashion labels which turned more than a few heads when she boarded the train. These were apparel that Hannah was well acquainted with in her line of work as an entertainment reporter, stuff which she would be able to recognize at a glance. However, Hannah paid them nor Regina no heed till the latter’s eyes became strained from staring. 
Regina was having none of it and reached over to obstruct Hannah’s view of her screen. “Hannah Young.” 
Hannah showed displeasure as she just chanced upon a tabloid report about Fabian lunching and doing what-not with another celebrity. She was mentally prepared to read on before she was rudely interrupted. 
She shook her head and exhaled when she saw that it was Regina. “Oh, it’s you. Shouldn’t your lover be sending you to work today?” 
Hannah’s rather loud voice drew the scowls of those around them, and that made Regina a little uncomfortable. “Don’t be arrogant, Hannah. Do you seriously think Fabian’s still interested in you after you’ve seen all these reports on him? He’s only toying with you!”
###Chapter 1027
Chapter 1027 
Hannah snorted, “Isn’t that better than being someone else’s mistress?” 
That irked Regina to no end and had others looking on in anticipation of the ensuing drama. Hannah kept her head down and turned her attention back to her phone. Regina did not want to get snapped and featured on Twitter for all the wrong reasons, so she could only restrain herself and gnash her teeth at Hannah. 
When they arrived at their stop, Hannah was the first one to exit the train. Regina, who was hampered by her damned platform heels, struggled to make her way out. She also got groped and her bag tugged at by opportunists in the process for her troubles. 
Regina’s eyes were reddened in anger and humiliation but managed to leave the train. The hair which she spent so much time styling was ruined as well. Ultimately, she blamed it all on Hannah. 
Hannah minded her own business and shut out all the noise which surrounded her. Owing to her promotion, she had the privilege of moving to a bigger office where she could focus herself on gathering news on Fabian. 
Hannah put down her pen. Having been an entertainment reporter for some time, she was adept at the usage of language. She got down to typing, determined to get back at Fabian. 
For instance, she portrayed Fabian as a serial skirt-chaser or exaggerated things between him and certain celebrities. 
In the end, she got called into the office after the review of her noontime submission. 
The balding senior editor wanted her to do something about this negative portrayal of Fabian. “Readers are seriously going to lampoon this bad writing of yours!”
There was no way Hannah could refuse to comply as Bob’s point were well reasoned. She had only intended to punk Fabian so she had no choice but to get it reedited. 
Hannah switched up a few things, deleted some, and inserted a few lines here and there before bringing it over to her boss, who was surprisingly happy with the changes and had the edited copy sent out to print. Hannah was not expecting to be able to be off the hook long before the day was done. 
Bob was in fact effusive with his praise for Hannah, which left the eavesdropping Regina feeling a little sour outside the doors. 
The entire editorial department was a complete contrast to its usual rowdy atmosphere. No one spoke a word since Hannah stepped out of the office. 
However, Regina was not around. While Hannah neared the pantry, she heard a shrill voice made several mentions of her name, sandwiched in-between some very unflattering words. 
She quickly figured out what was going on and left her mug in the pantry before she walked into the inner section. There, she saw Regina speaking animatedly to another girl. 
“Don’t you know that the reason why Hannah was able to get promoted and secure the interviews was because she slept with more than one guy? Fabian’s driver, his assistant and Fabian himself. They’ve all had their turns with her.” 
“But the man’s just toying with her.” 
“To think she still dared to show off. I bet the senior editor most likely gave her a promotion because of her connections to Fabian.” 
“What do we have here? There seems to be quite a bit of tongue wagging and barking going around. The hilarious thing is, is there a point to saddling me with these unfounded accusations?” Hannah
sneered. She was not mad and behaved as though Regina was referring to someone else. 
She paused before she calmly shook her head. “On the other hand, there’s someone who willingly became someone else’s mistress just so she could lead a life of excess. Pity. I really do feel sorry for such people.” 
She then leaned in toward the girl next to her with a curious expression on her face. “Do you think anyone who hangs out with this sort for too long might someday get into trouble?” 
That girl was clearly astonished to have Hannah walk in on them, and jumped onto her feet. “Umm… I’ve got what I came for so I think I should get back to it.” 
The girl scooted off before either of the two other had time to react. 
Inside the room, Regina’s eyes were bloodshot and her face purple with rage. 
“Don’t think that nobody knows what you did. With your level of capability, or should I say lack thereof, there was no way you could have gotten exclusives with Fabian if you have not offered anyone sexual favors. Truly, I sympathize with your husband for your promiscuity!”
###Chapter 1028
Chapter 1028 
Regina intentionally spoke loudly so that everyone in the office could hear her scathing words through the door. 
What followed was a flurry of voices engaging in discussion. 
“I think Regina has a point. Many people have interviewed Fabian before. How is it that only she was able to be so successful at it?” 
“Right. I would think so too. Fabian never did exclusives before. If she didn’t do anything, how could she have secured this benefactor?” 
“Yeah. I don’t know who her husband is, but I wonder if he was aware that she’s this sort of woman.” 
….. 
The displeasure was apparent on Hannah’s expression in response to the commotion outside. “Not everyone is as shameless as you are, Regina. I’ve done nothing that you’ve been making up time and again, whereas you’re petty and unreasonable. Do you think I’m afraid of you just because I chose to overlook your lack of manners?” 
Regina had no retort for Hannah’s pointed barbs, and could only rage on about her own suspicions surrounding the exclusive with Fabian. “Me making things up? Then, explain how only you managed to clinch the interviews with him?” 
“I…” Hannah was dumbstruck by that question and did not have a good answer for it. 
Did Fabian agree to the interview because I am his legal spouse?
No, it can’t be, as all there is to us is a piece of paper. He was so cold to me and he has the vampish Yvette. There’s no way he would have considered my position. 
But what other explanation is there that could account for this fact? Is it my exceeding talent? Heh. I need to stop kidding myself. 
Seeing Hannah rendered speechless filled Regina’s heart with glee. She raised her head as much pride as a crowing rooster and taunted, “What else have you to say for yourself? Did I just hit the nail on the head? A woman should be chaste. You say that I’m a mistress and all that, but turns out that underneath that folksy demeanor of yours lies the biggest slut of all!” 
Hannah snapped out of it. She felt it laughable that a kept woman should be talking to her about chasteness. The sheer irony of it all! 
“I’d still say the same thing. I did none of those things that you’ve been accusing me of. Stop spreading rumors and besmirching my reputation, or I’d take you up for slander. My conscience is clear so you could go on and investigate all you like.” 
She did not want to waste her breath against a conniving woman who would do anything for money, so she left it at that and walked away. 
All the skeptical eyes in the office regarded her with such intensity that it was almost like they could pierce through her. Hannah maintained her composure and walked on unhurriedly. After she stepped back into her own office, she plopped herself down on her chair and used her delicate digits to massage her own temples. 
Regina gave her a headache. She was not afraid of that woman but found her quarrelsome nature extremely irritating.
Fabian sat at his desk, seemingly distracted and lost in his own thoughts. He picked up the letter from the table and casually looked it over before he nodded and smiled meaningfully. He appeared to be brimming with confidence. 
He snapped his fingers before picking up the phone. “Help order a bouquet of roses, and have a car ready for me.” 
Fabian then stood up and checked his attire. He then put on his tailored suit and went downstairs. 
Hannah checked the time and exhaled. She rubbed her slightly empty stomach before she stood up. 
She was knocking off and wondered if Fabian would be home. 
Sigh… I guess he could be canoodling with Yvette. 
When she got out from the elevator, she was puzzled to see a crowd gathered near the front entrance. 
What’s happening here? 
What are these people doing? 
Hannah used her lithe body to wade through the masses until she emerged from the other side.
###Chapter 1029
Chapter 1029 
There were a number of luxury cars parked right in front of the entrance to the building where her company was based out of. The black Rolls Royce between the white Lincolns was especially eye- catching. 
To the front of the Rolls Royce stood two uniform rows of five men with arms akimbo, all dressed in black suits and shades. Between them were two individuals in a similar getup, one of whom was closer to the fore. The difference with this one was the exceptional make of his suit which accentuated his frame perfectly. 
The pair of shades added an air of mystery about him. Underneath it was a chiseled face which evoked an unfathomable charisma. 
The one right behind him who had a large bouquet of fresh red roses in hand yet appeared oddly out of place. 
Hannah was positively smitten. Her jaw hit the floor before she swallowed hard. Is this some profession of love? Cause if that is, it is way too awesome! 
When she thought about her own predicament, she could only lament. Never mind this sort of confession, I should be thanking my lucky stars if that aloof man does not try to boss me around. 
Hannah shrugged. She took a quick glance toward the man as she shifted to the side and prepared to leave. 
Huh? Why did that smile resembled Fabian’s? Hannah shook her head vigorously, and wondered what had gotten into herself recently. She wondered why she kept compulsively thinking about him. 
“Hannah!”
“Huh?” She turned back and replied instinctively upon hearing her own name called. 
Hmm? She started looking around. It did not seem like anyone was calling her. Have I misheard? 
“Over here.” 
A voice seemed within earshot. This time she lifted her head in the direction of its source. 
Hannah’s eyes widened. The one calling her was none other than the mysterious man who was at the center of everyone’s attention. And that man was none other than Fabian. How could this not had taken Hannah by surprise. 
Her lips parted in abject disbelief. 
Does Fabian stage this for me? 
She had to pinch herself on the arm to make sure she was not dreaming. 
Ouch. That hurts. Instead of frowning, Hannah’s face was filled with excitement. That feeling, however, dissipated instantaneously when she saw the people around her. 
She reverted to her usual sedateness. 
At this moment, Fabian had received the roses from his assistant and was making his way over. 
The onlookers looked on in bated breath, and strained their ears to pick up on whatever was being said. 
Fabian’s well-crafted dress shoes tapped crisply upon the ground with an almost melodic quality.
“Thank you for accepting my interview the last time, Mr. Norton.” Hannah tried very hard to suppress her own delight. She smiled courteously and pretended to not know Fabian well. 
“You’re welcome, Ms. Young. It was something I wanted to do myself as well.” Fabian smiled slyly. He read her thoughts so instead of exposing her, followed up fittingly. 
If this is how you want to roll, I’ll play along. 
Fabian looked over to the eyes in the crowd which were transfixed upon them and laughed. He had not really taken care of her too well so he considered this a form of reparation. 
The man suddenly took to one knee, with back straightened and head tilted up. His expression evoked a certain elegance and his eyes burned with passion as they gazed intently upon Hannah. 
“I’ve fallen for you from the very first time we’ve met, Ms. Young. Through the process of our interviews, I’ve only grown more certain of my feelings and after much deliberation, I’ve decided to confess my affections for you. Ms. Young, I hope that you could give me a chance to date you.” 
Fabian finished his declaration with sincerity before he extended the roses forward, his eyes locked imploringly upon Hannah as he waited patiently for her answer. 
“Come one! Say yes!” Someone in the crowd cheered and the others started to chorus after him.
###Chapter 1030
Chapter 1030 
“Say yes!” 
“Say yes!” 
….. 
Amidst the ruckus, a sharp voice shouted, “Marry him!” That made Hannah sweat it. 
Fabian was beaming. 
What has gotten into him, acting out of character today. 
Hannah was over the moon, yet some doubt lingered. Why was the aloof Mr. Norton suddenly so nice to her today? 
What should I do? Should I agree? Would other people think that I’m too easy? If she refused, Fabian would be embarrassed, and there would be hell to pay when she got back. 
After some thought, Hannah still accepted the roses from Fabian. “I… I’m quite overwhelmed.” 
Fabian was all smiles. He got to his feet fluidly and dusted off around his knee. “I hope I wasn’t being too abrupt, Ms. Young. We could start out as friends if you like.” 
Hannah acted a little assured and avoided being overtly emotional. “Alright, let’s do that, and see what happens.” 
Fabian chuckled inside at the woman’s gift for words.
With that, he took a step forward and positioned himself right in front of Hannah. “How was that? Did it make you happy?” 
Hannah rolled her eye. Before she could speak, Fabian held her by the shoulders. Her face flushed red as she chided him coquettishly, “What are you trying to do, Fabian?” 
“Okay, show’s over. Let’s go for dinner. What would you like to have?” Fabian asked as he looked straight into her eyes. 
Being held in full view of a live audience made Hannah squirm uncomfortably as she sought to get . 
That only made Fabian strengthen his grip and put an arm over her shoulders. “Better play ball if you don’t want to be embarrassed in front of so many.” 
Shameless! Hannah could only cuss in silence and follow his lead. 
“The hero gets the girl, as it should be.” 
“Right on. Just look at what a lovely looking couple they make.” 
“I didn’t think Mr. Norton fancies that type. Looks like I’m shit out of luck.” 
….. 
The fervent discussions reached their ears. Some were of praise, and others were of teenage girls’ lovelorn lamentations. None of which bothered Fabian, who could not stop smiling. Hannah to the side was thoughtful when she stole a glance at him. 
Am I really compatible with him like the others said? But I thought Fabian does not really care for me. 
The duo strolled up to the black sedan and prepared to get in.
The crowd was uproarious before they too prepared to disperse. Just then, a discontented voice rang out and stunned all present. 
“Are you sure you want to pursue a married woman, Mr. Norton?” An alluring woman decked out in designer goods and a branded clutch took center-stage out of the blue. 
That put a frown on Hannah’s brow, yet she remained undaunted. Don’t you know that I’m wedded to Fabian? This Regina’s so annoying, I’m shocked that she hasn’t grown sick and tired of herself yet. 
Fabian’s eyes darkened as he narrowed them. He let go of Hannah and turned around in search of the woman who spoke. “Is that so? Kindly elaborate.” 
Regina thought her instigation took effect when Fabian relinquished his hold on Hannah. Pitting yourself against me, Hannah Young? Hmph! Now watch how I’ll ruin you. 
She then strode forward smugly. “To the best of my understanding, Hannah’s already married but avoided mentioning her husband so that she may continue to fool around with men outside. What a loser this man must be to not only marry a loose woman like her but also let her do whatever she wants. Do not be bewitched by this slut, Mr. Norton.”
###Chapter 1031
Chapter 1031 
A terrifying aura enveloped Fabian as he shot Hannah a sharp glance. 
She shrugged casually as she grinned playfully at Regina. 
Pfft! You should really get your facts right before you decided to stir things up, missy. Or else, you’d be making a fool out of yourself like now. I bet you didn’t know the good-for-nothing person you’re referring to was Fabian. 
Regina’s smile became broader when she noticed Fabian’s expression had darkened. 
Haha! Take that, Hannah! Let’s see how’re you going to go up against me when you’ve lost everything you have. 
Regina continued, “Mr. Norton, this woman was notorious for being a slut in the office. She’d shamelessly trade herself to get a promotion. Besides that, I even saw her got into your assistant’s car with my own eyes to get a chance to interview you.” 
As Fabian listened to the terrible accusations coming from Regina’s mouth, he could not help but picture the endless judgment and mistreatment Hannah had to endure at her office. His heart instantly burned with anger at that thought. 
However, he clenched his teeth to suppress his anger. 
Regina was secretly pleased with Fabian’s angry expression. However, she understood that this incident had involved Fabian. She did not want Fabian to get the wrong idea, or else her efforts would go to waste. Hence, she quickly masked her smile with a hint of pity. “Mr. Norton, I’ve told you everything I’ve known. I didn’t want you to be fooled by her thus I decided to tell you. You’re a man of
power and wealth, and they’re so many great women out there. Why waste your time on someone like her?” 
She shot Hannah a look once she had said those words. Her eyes were filled with triumph as if she was declaring her victory of this war. 
Hannah ignored her stare as her eyes were fixated on Fabian. She was quietly anticipating a drama to unfold. 
“Are you done?” Fabian asked angrily as he took a step forward. 
His voice was slightly hoarse but firm. The people present were startled by the drama that was happening as no one dared to make a sound. Even if someone had walked in, they would join the crowd as they quietly watched the trio. 
“I’m done talking, Mr. Norton. Please believe me. Everything I’ve said was true,” Regina quickly responded. 
“Really?” Fabian repeated as he laughed coldly. “Everything you said was true? Well then, tell me who’s her husband. What car does my assistant drive and what was the car registration number?” 
Fabian asked one question after another. Regina was taken aback but quickly opened her mouth to answer. “I…I…” she stuttered. 
“What is it? Cat got your tongue? Well, let me help you. Everything you’ve said were made-up lies, right? You must have planned this all along, or else you wouldn’t have been able to make so many false accusations in one go,” Fabian stated. His words were like swords that pierced through her heart as he revealed her scheme bit by bit.
Regina was dumbfounded at first but quickly thought of a countermeasure. She raised her head confidently and stated, “Huh? Why would I lie to you? You can run a background check on your own. She was indeed married. Come to think of it, her husband’s probably a good for nothing as well. He’s never appeared in public with her. Anyhow, I had received reliable news that she was married!” 
Hannah quietly watched Regina spit “facts”. She had no idea that she was plummeting to her death. 
That’s right! So what if I was married? In fact, it was with the man before you! What a dumb b*tch, how dare you call Fabian a good for nothing! Go on, you don’t even know what’s coming at you! 
The crowd was convinced that she was speaking the truth judging by her expression and body language. One couldn’t lie in such a natural manner. Thus, the crowd nodded as they whispered among themselves while glancing at Hannah. Whereas, the others were quietly observing where the drama would lead to. 
“Really? Reliable news? What a coincidence! I’ve also received news which claimed that she was single. Did you think I wouldn’t gather information about her before I pursued her? As for the reason why you’d lie to me, I guess you’d know better.” Fabian had a plan in mind as his eyes darkened.
###Chapter 1032
Chapter 1032 
“Mr. Norton, please believe me. I swear I wasn’t lying.” Regina panicked when Fabian did not believe her. She planned to bring down Hannah’s reputation. However, if he chose not to believe her, she would be in trouble! 
Fabian did not intend to let Regina off easy as she had made things really ugly for her wife with her false claims. “So are you claiming that my leads aren’t accurate? I’m really confused here, why would a little employee like you doubt my abilities? Where did you gain such confidence to spit these words? he said aggressively. 
Regina shuddered as she stared at Fabian. She was in disbelief that things did not go according to her plan. “No, no! It’s not like that, no!” She shook her head frantically. 
Hannah shook her head and thought to her herself. What’s going on? Are you losing it because your plan failed? You could’ve done anything, but you chose to play these tricks on Fabian. I bet you’re in shock. Well, karma’s a b*tch. 
Fabian took a few steps forward and said condescendingly, “What’s not supposed to be like that? Then tell me, how should it be? Would you like me to humiliate Hannah and allow your plan to succeed? Or I should let her live as an outcast while people continue to mistreat her for the rest of her life? How could there be such a vicious woman like you? You’d have ruined her reputation once and for all if she was someone else!” Fabian asked as he took one step forward at her every time he asked a question. 
Regina could not help but step back. At last, she fell onto the ground, looking defeated as she observed her surroundings. 
This is not real, it’s all an illusion. How could Fabian not believe my words? The fact is she’s married! She really is! That’s it, I need proof! I had to find evidence!
Fabian grunted coldly as he ignored Regina who remained seated on the ground. He turned to look at Hannah with a gentle expression and said, “Let’s go.” 
He ignored Hannah’s ion and took hold of her arm as they walked towards a black Rolls Royce. 
When they reached the entrance, Fabian leaned in slightly to open the car door and gestured for her to get in the car. Then, he got into the car after Hannah. 
Moments later, the car sped away. Regina was left sitting on the ground feebly as she took in the whispers and judgment of the crowd around her, including a few of her colleagues. 
“Who knew everything is her doing all along. I told you I was right about Hannah. She doesn’t seem like the type who’d do such a thing.” 
“It’s a good thing that Mr. Norton was a righteous man. Otherwise, Hannah’s reputation would be ruined.” 
“Who knew she’d turned out to be someone like that. They were from the same office, yet she treated Hannah like that.” 
Regina clenched her teeth as she listened to both passers-by and her colleagues criticizing her. Her lips were pale as her eyes were filled with hatred. This is all your fault, Hannah. I’ve gone through this because of you. Just wait, I’ll get my revenge. Both you and Fabian. I’ll ruin both of you when my time comes. 
While Regina dwelled in her bitterness, Hannah was sitting quietly in the car with a sweet smile plastered on her face. 
Hannah was indeed feeling happy about the incident earlier. However, it was not because she had won the battle against Regina, but what Fabian said at the end.
Hannah was quickly lost in thoughts as she glanced at Fabian the moment she got in the car. 
How did he know I was misunderstood in the office? Did he purposely come to solve things for me? Or was he just in a good mood? 
Then again, his last few words were clearly in my defense. Besides, I was the reason he became furious. Does that mean he has developed feelings for me? 
Hannah could not wrap her head around him. Why’s he doing all this? Is it because of me? 
“What? Was there something on my face?” Fabian interrupted.
###Chapter 1033
Chapter 1033 
Hannah was embarrassed and quickly avoided his eyes, “No…Nothing.” 
Fabian let out a small laugh as the corners of his lips curled into a devilish smile. “Are you having naughty thoughts about me as you are mesmerized by my handsome looks?” 
“What… Damn! You’re pretty shameless.” Hannah blurted as she pouted her lips. 
“Huh?” Fabian looked at her questioningly as he did not hear her. 
“Nothing. So, where are we having dinner?” Hannah quickly changed the topic. 
“Are you asking me out?” Fabian asked as he leaned into Hannah’s ear. His hot breath had caused a surge of itchiness around her ear. 
Hannah immediately backed away and leaned back on the seat with her eyes closed. Her eyebrows knitted together as her body trembled. Gosh, why did he do that? I can’t deal with itchiness, especially the area around my ears. 
“What is it? Am I that terrifying?” Fabian was displeased as he frowned at her reaction. 
Hannah did not respond but continued pushing him away from her, hoping he would get the hint and back off. 
However, Fabian was not the type to play nice. He moved even closer when he noticed Hannah resisting him. Fabian inched his face so close to hers that their nose touched. “I think I deserved a “thank you” since I got rid of a huge problem on your behalf,” he said teasingly.
So he does care for me! He came to my rescue only because he knew what I was going through. But, how should I repay him? I’m already his lawfully wedded wife. What else does he want from me? 
After some time, Hannah managed to stammer a reply. “Well… Thank you for helping me out today.” 
“Don’t you think your repayment is rather simple?” Fabian asked plainly. 
“Well, what do you propose?” Hannah was confused. 
“I want you.” Fabian’s eyes gleamed as he squinted devilishly. 
Hannah hurriedly backed away but soon realized there was nowhere to escape. She was like a rabbit caught in a hunting trap, watching Fabian advanced on her with eyes full of lust. 
He was very pleased with her reaction and smiled. He turned back and said, “That’s what you get for calling me shameless. Did you really think I didn’t hear you?” 
He was merely teasing her. However, people would be surprised if they saw him acting like a child towards Hannah. 
However, Hannah thought otherwise. She broke a cold sweat due to Fabian’s behavior. But she was also speechless when she knew the truth. Who knew someone as ruthless and cold as him could also be so adorable. 
“Okay, we’re here.” Fabian opened the car door and stepped out. 
Hannah exited the car and found herself standing at the entrance of the pizza joint she frequented. 
She was rather taken back by his choice of location. Who knew he’d eat at a place like this too.
It was a small restaurant and the crowd who would usually dine in during weekdays were ordinary white-collar workers. Hence, the people were stunned as they stopped eating when they noticed a luxurious Rolls Royce parked at the entrance. 
“Damn! Who’s this big shot? Why would someone who drives a Rolls Royce eat pizza?” 
“Look! That man’s extremely hot, and the woman beside was also gorgeous.” 
Hannah was a little embarrassed. 
Hannah felt uneasy from the constant stare she was getting from the people around them. She looked at Fabian and found him in a rather calm and unbothered manner. 
Oh yea, I forgot. He’s a president who grew up with tons of attention from others. This must be a piece of cake for him. 
Upon entering the restaurant, a waiter approached them and gestured, “Hello, please follow me. Here we have…” 
Fabian noticed Hannah’s uncomfortable expression as he raised his hand and gestured towards her.
###Chapter 1034
Chapter 1034 
The waiter stopped midway when he was about to hand him the menu and turned to look at Hannah. 
“Hmmm… Let’s see. I know you’re not a fan of chili, so let’s get a mixed flavor. And can I have this, oh, and this one too…” Hannah picked and chose the toppings and flavors without hesitation. It was obvious she was a regular customer. 
“Here you go. That’s all we’re having for now. Would you like to take a look?” Hannah handed the menu to Fabian. 
He took the menu and looked at it. He noticed she had selected many of his favorite dishes. He could not help but smiled. This silly woman actually knows what I like. Well, it looks like she cares about me too. 
“Alright, let’s have these for now.” Fabian handed the menu back to the waiter. Then, he turned to look at Hannah with his eyes gleaming and said, “You seemed to know my favorite dishes very well.” 
Hannah flushed in embarrassment as she explained, “Erm, not really. We just happened to have similar taste in food.” 
Fabian grinned, “Are you sure about that? Because your cheeks are as red as a tomato.” 
Hannah quickly covered her face and realized her cheeks were burning when she heard those words. “Yea, that’s because it’s really hot in here. Yup, it must be the weather,” she hurriedly explained. 
Fabian’s affection for her instantly grew. He thought this particular side of Hannah was incredibly adorable as he stared at her lovingly.
“Honey, look at them. Look how cute that couple over there are! Look how sweet and affectionate he was to his girlfriend. Whereas, look at how you treat me! You’re nowhere near romantic,” a girl complained. 
Hannah turned in the direction of the girl and realized she was referring to herself. Hannah’s cheeks became even flushed. 
How is this affectionate? And how could you tell that I am overjoyed? 
“Oh, my dear Ms. Young. Why are you blushing madly? Are you feeling very warm?” Fabian teased as he fiddled a spoon in one hand. 
Way to go, Sherlock! Hannah replied awkwardly, “Erm… Yup, it’s really hot in here.” 
Moments later, the dishes were served. Hannah hurriedly dug into the meal and did not care if she was eating in a lady-like manner as she was starving. 
Fabian looked at her in a daze as she ate with her sleeves rolled up. She reminded me of someone in the past. A woman who desired dom whom I didn’t care enough to cherish. It’s a shame that we’ve gone separate ways. 
However, I won’t let go of Hannah easily this time around. 
Fabian knew Hannah enjoyed eating spicy food. Thus, he picked up a meatball and dipped it into a plate of chili sauce. 
Then, he gently picked it up and placed it on Hannah’s plate. 
She was devouring the food deliciously when she suddenly noticed a meatball was placed on her plate. She slurped the spinach from the corners of her mouth and swallowed it. She lifted her head to look at
Fabian who sat across her. To her surprise, he was also looking at her. 
Damn, he must have thought that I have poor table manners. 
Hannah panicked and took a piece of pizza with extra cheese from her plate and plopped it on his plate in return for his kind gesture. “Here, take a bite.” 
Hannah felt uneasy as Fabian’s eyes never left her. She knew something was wrong but could not put a finger on it. “I… I, my apologies. I got a little too comfortable and thought of you as my best friend. Shall I get you a new plate?” Hannah quickly responded when she realized what went wrong. 
Fabian did not answer her as he picked up the slice of pizza and popped it into his mouth. “Hmm… not bad,” he stated. 
Hannah’s mouth gaped open as she was speechless. I can’t believe he ate something off my plate. Besides, it’s my first time seeing him eating something spicy. 
Fabian ignored Hannah’s reaction as he continued eating. 
Hannah thought she was dreaming as the ceiling light that shone from above dimmed suddenly. She could not understand Fabian’s unusual behavior throughout the entire day.
###Chapter 1035
Chapter 1035 
Hannah had no choice but to slow down when she eyed Fabian secretly, who was eating gracefully. 
Hannah was slightly uncomfortable when Fabian placed a buffalo wing on her plate. She tossed and turned the chicken wing before she cut it and put some in her mouth in the end. She immediately raised her head to look at him. She opened her mouth to speak, but nothing came out. 
This was very abnormal of him. Oh my, could he have developed feelings for me? 
Hannah ate slowly as she wanted to maintain a lady-like image. Thus, the couple took two hours to finish. However, she would usually finish the entire meal in half an hour if she was with her best friend. 
The sun had set when the couple finished their meal. Fabian opened the car door for Hannah as she slipped in before he did and went home. 
While they were on their way home, Fabian decided to head to his office when he received a call from his assistant. On the other hand, Hannah went home. Once she was home, she took a shower and went straight to bed as it was a long day for her. 
The next day, a ray of sunlight shone through the glass and landed upon Hannah’s face. She groaned and turned over as the sunlight was blinding her eye. 
Fabian stopped pulling the curtains as he shook his head and murmured, “What a lazy bump you are.” 
He walked towards her bedside and sat down. He stroked her hair and leaned in to plant a kiss on Hannah’s forehead. “Is it really that hard for you to admit that you have feelings for me?” 
He sighed as he got up and left the room. Hannah suddenly opened her eyes when the door clicked shut. She was not pretending to be asleep. Instead, she was awakened by the kiss.
“Aren’t you the same? Why can’t you admit that you have feelings for me too? Why should I make the first move? You’re a man. Don’t you think you should do it instead?” Hannah huffed in dissatisfaction. 
She glanced at the clock and noticed she still had time. Hence, she lay down quietly on the bed and looked up at the ceiling as her mind went deep into thoughts. 
She got up as she knew Fabian had left when she heard the door clicked. 
Fabian tapped his finger on the seat of a luxurious car as he looked out of the window, lost in thought. Then, he tapped on the car window and let out a sullen breath. “Let’s head to Hannah’s company and make an appointment with their Chief Editor.” 
“Yes, Mr. Norton.” 
Moments later, the car arrived at the entrance of Hannah’s company. 
“Everything’s been arranged, Mr. Norton,” the driver said as Fabian got off the car. 
“Alright.” Fabian nodded. He had decided to strike an agreement with the company to fire Regina. Fabian was aware that Regina would not let Hannah off easily especially after the event yesterday. 
A receptionist welcomed him as soon as he stepped into the company. “You must be Mr. Norton! The Chief Editor had sent me to lead you to her office. Hence, please come with me.” the receptionist said politely. 
Fabian remained silent as he followed the receptionist. 
When he stepped into the office, he noticed a very familiar figure. He thought he was imagining things as he rubbed his eyes in surprise. 
It’s her! It must be her! I can never forget that figure of hers.
“Vivian?” Fabian called out as he took a deep breath. 
The chair slowly turned around, revealing the mysterious person’s face. Her skin was fair and glossy and she had a pair of long thin eyebrows. Her eyes sparkled as she blinked gently. 
“So it was you,” Fabian said in a daze as his eyes were filled with bitterness. 
“Hello, Mr. Norton.” she greeted and ignored his words. 
“You haven’t changed a bit. You look exactly like before, whether it is your appearance or character,” Fabian recalled as he looked up at the ceiling. 
“Shall we discuss the reason why you’re here?” Vivian frowned. 
Fabian sighed sadly as the sullen look on his face was instantly wiped away. “Of course. After all, the past’s history now. No one can go back in time.”
###Chapter 1036
Chapter 1036 
“There’s a woman named Regina in your company. She’s a sugar baby herself, yet she’s been spreading false rumors about others. I believed this was something you wouldn’t look past, right?” 
“Regina?” Vivian’s eyebrows knitted together. “How would you like to settle this matter?” she paused before asking. 
Fabian said two words, “Fire her.” 
Vivian pondered slightly before answering, “You do know my principles of dealing with such matters. Hence, I’ll investigate this matter before I make a decision. If it is just as you claimed, I’ll fire her with no hesitation.” 
“Are you doubting me?” Although both Vivian and Fabian were no strangers, a hint of annoyance flashed across his face. 
Fabian continued when he noticed she was a little hesitant, “Did you think I would slander a nobody like her?” 
Vivian’s heart skipped a beat. It seemed that you haven’t changed a bit. You’re still very domineering. ”Fine, I’ll fire her since you insisted,” she said with a wry smile. 
Fabian nodded and continued, “She’ll only do you harm if you let her stay. So, you should fire her now.” 
Vivian was curious as she wondered how did her employee offend a bigshot like Fabian? It didn’t seem like a simple matter, or else he wouldn’t have come to me in person. Both Fabian and Vivian had known each other for a long time. Hence, they were not as uptight and restricted as other individuals in the workplace.
“What has she done to offend you?” Vivian asked casually as she looked at him with anticipation. 
Fabian noticed her glance and laughed, “Since when are you interested in gossips?” 
Vivian rolled her eyes and replied, “Well, I won’t press on if Mr. Norton intended to keep it as a secret.” 
Fabian tapped on the table lightly with his knuckles and shook his head. She’s still as easy-going as before. 
“Do you not know that I’m having an interview with your company?” Fabian asked rhetorically. 
“Of course, I do. You’re always known as someone who doesn’t do interviews. Yet, you were willing to grace us with the honors of conducting your first interview. Then, you did a second interview with us which was a huge surprise to me. However, our reputation in the industry has greatly improved thanks to you. 
Vivian paused before she continued asking, “I still don’t get it. Why would you grace us the honor, Mr. Norton?” 
Fabian lifted his hands to touch his finger. ‘Well, you should ask Hannah. She’s an employee of your company. Maybe she’ll tell you how’d she convinced me to do the interview.” He grinned. 
“Hannah?” Vivian tried to recall that name. She then remembered her conversation with her senior editor. The senior editor mentioned that she was responsible for Fabian’s interview. However, Vivian had yet to meet Hannah in person. 
Vivian’s eyes sparkled as something clicked in her mind. There must be something going on between them. Or else Fabian wouldn’t have personally come and asked for this favor.
Fabian noticed Vivian who was lost in thought and asked deliberately, “Why don’t you call her over and asked her yourself.” 
Vivian briefly thought about it and decided to meet Hannah in person. It’s about time I meet this mysterious woman who has Fabian head over heels for her. 
Hence, she picked up the landline and dialed the number of Hannah’s supervisor. “Hello? It’s Vivian. Hannah’s from your team, right? Could you please send her to my office? By the way, Regina’s also from your department, right? Please have her collect her salary for the month from the finance department and leave.” 
At the same time, Hannah was busy analyzing various plans and reports in hand. Suddenly, the door to the office was pushed open as a colleague walked in and said, “Hannah, M. Dijon would like to see you in his office right away.” 
“Got it. I’ll head over right now,” Hannah answered. She exhaled and instantly stopped what she was doing. She wondered why Mr. Dijon would want to see her as she rubbed her temples. Then, she got up and walked towards Mr. Dijon’s office.
###Chapter 1037
Chapter 1037 
“Mr. Dijon, are you looking for me?” Hannah said as she entered the senior editor’s office. 
Bob looked up at her with a glint of surprise in his eyes. Hannah felt as if she was being scanned by an X-ray detector. 
For the next minute or two, Bob continued to stare at Hannah with an intense look, making her feel more and more uneasy. 
Upon seeing the beads of sweat forming on Hannah’s forehead, Bob came back to his senses. Coughing awkwardly, he said, “Oh… Ms. Morrison wants to see you at her office.” 
Ms. Morrison? The super strict, top-tier Chief Editor Vivian Morrison? Why does she want to see me? I don’t think I’ve made any big mistakes in the past few days though… Hannah stared at Bob with a baffled expression. 
Bob shook his head at Hannah. “Don’t look at me like that. I have no idea what she’s seeing you for. But…” 
Bob paused, leaving Hannah on a worrisome cliff-hanger. 
“But what?” Hannah asked. 
After making sure that no one was near his office, Bob went a little closer to Hannah and whispered, “Ms. Morrison has just fired Regina when she called for you just now.” 
“What? Regina got fired?” Hannah frowned. Sinking into deep thought, she fell silent. Regina got fired, and now Ms. Morrison is calling for me? It must be something related to Fabian… I can’t think of anything else?
Lesley narrowed her eyes and gave Hannah a shifty look. “Gosh, don’t sweat it. You should get going. Ms. Morrison is waiting for you!” 
Knowing exactly what Bob was hinting at, Hannah felt a little exasperated. She wanted to explain for herself, but she feared that it would make things even more confusing and troublesome. In the end, she said, “I’ll go now.” 
Hannah’s heart pounded as she strode off. What is Ms. Morrison seeing me for? 
I hope she doesn’t think that I’m the sort of woman who would seduce and sleep with Fabian for the sake of putting Regina down. 
Should I explain to her to clear up the misunderstanding? 
As Hannah thought about those things, she eventually arrived at Vivian’s office. However, she could not muster the courage to go in. After pacing about for a minute, she gritted her teeth and turned the doorknob. Why should I be afraid? I haven’t done anything wrong! 
The office door flung open to reveal a pale-skinned, elegant lady seated behind her desk. Even as she just sat there, she exuded an exceptional aura. 
She must be Chief Editor Vivian Morrison! 
Stepping into the office, Hannah greeted Vivian with a small voice. “Ms. Morrison, I’m Hannah Young.” 
“Please have a seat over here,” Vivian replied. 
Vivian’s voice sounded full and resonant like the ringing of a handbell. 
Huh? She seems a little different than what I’ve heard of from the rumors.
Blinking uneasily, Hannah slowly made her way to her seat. Just then, she realized that there was another man in the room. 
“Fabian!” Hannah gasped. “Why are you here?” 
Fabian was smiling at her the whole time as if waiting for Hannah to embarrass herself. With a sly smirk, he said, “Why can’t I be here?” 
Hannah was displeased about his reply but knew that she had to behave herself since she was in the Chief Editor’s office. She turned to Vivian and explained, “Ms. Morrison, I’m sorry… I’m really sorry. I’ve been doing interviews about Mr. Norton lately, and I was simply a little shocked to see him here.” 
Vivian pursed her lips. Hmph. You dare to call him by his name simply because you have interviewed him? It was evident that the two before her had a rather special relationship. Vivian chose not to comment and replied, “Okay. It’s nothing, really. Please sit.” 
“Okay,” Hannah said, glaring at Fabian as she sat down beside him. 
“Mr. Norton came here today to give me some constructive suggestions for our company.” Vivian looked at Fabian and was surprised by his oddly casual expression. Shifting her gaze back to Hannah, she said, “As for you, I wanted to talk to you about Mr. Norton’s interview.” 
Constructive suggestions? Fabian must have been involved in Regina’s dismissal! 
Did he do it for me? 
Talk to me about Fabian’s interview? Is that what he wants too? 
Those thoughts popped up in Hannah’s head as she listened to Vivian speak. “Okay. I’ll definitely take your suggestions very seriously,” Hannah replied earnestly.
###Chapter 1038
Chapter 1038 
In the atrium of the office where Hannah used to work at, a shrill shriek suddenly broke the silence. 
“What? I’ve been fired? Why?” Regina had completely lost it after finding out that she was fired. She was so emotionally unstable that she was flailing her arms around as if she would take off from the ground any time soon. 
Bob was rather disgusted by her disgraceful behavior. “Can you stop acting like a monkey?” he scoffed. 
“How dare they fire me? I’ve never done anything to harm the company in any way! How dare they fire me just like that!” 
The fact that she had just lost her job was so devastating that she could not even care less about her image in front of Bob. 
His expression darkened, Lesley said, “This is Ms. Morrison’s decision. If you’re unwilling to accept this, you should go to her. Why in the world are you making a scene here?” 
Regina could tell that Bob was also on the verge of losing his temper and immediately apologized. “I’m sorry, I’m just really flustered… But Ms. Morrison…” 
To begin with, Bob was never fond of her stupid attitude; moreover, he knew about some of the things that happened behind the scenes. In short, Regina was never going to come back to work ever again. Thus, Bob did not buy whatever show Regina was trying to put up. “Okay, shut it. I need to work. You should leave now.” He cut Regina’s cries off dispassionately. 
Bob’s “eviction order” proved to be rather effective. Knowing that he had no intentions of helping her, Regina just left as there was nothing she could do.
With her eyes bloodshot and her teeth clenched, a name suddenly flashed in her head. Hannah Young! It’s you, isn’t it? You must have persuaded Fabian to use his connections to get Ms. Morrison to fire me! I’ll make you lose everything too! I swear! 
Hatred welled up within Regina’s heart, and she cussed at all of Hannah’s family and ancestors in her head. 
The rest of the people at the office could not help but notice Regina’s pitiful plight. They began buzzing about the situation. The cold gazes of the people around her only exacerbated Regina’s rage. “What are you looking at? What is there to see? Do you not know who I am?” she screamed. 
In the eyes of all the other staff at the office, Regina was but a mad dog biting at everyone she saw. They ignored her yelling and got back to work. 
Meanwhile, back in Vivian’s office, Hannah had just listened and jotted down the pointers Vivian was talking to her about. However, she found something odd about the simplistic content. This is not that useful at all… Did she really call me here just to talk about this? Her intuition told her otherwise. 
As it turned out, Hannah was right. After asking her some stereotypical questions about her personal life, a glint of excitement flashed across Vivian’s eyes, and she spoke once more after glancing at Fabian. “Hannah, how are you acquainted with Mr. Norton?” 
Huh? Is that what she wanted to find out all along? I guess the Chief Editor herself is also curious about why I’m doing Fabian’s interview. 
But… isn’t it an awkward question to ask in front of Fabian? 
Vivian’s actions did not seem to match her veteran identity in the showbiz industry.
Hmm… Unless the two of them are acquainted too… and are close to each other… Hannah furrowed her brows. She could not think of any other possible reasons to explain Vivian’s behavior. 
Err… How should I even put it? Tell her that we’ve already sealed the deal? 
Hannah glanced at Fabian with a helpless expression but was greeted by his look of amusement instead. She could see his sneaky smile gleaming in his eyes as if he was watching an interesting show. What? Is he expecting me to come up with something? 
Fabian, you jerk! hat’s with that expression of yours instead of helping me? I’m so going to ditch you one day! Hannah’s head was bombarded by those complaints. 
Oh, gosh. I have to come up with something. There’s no other way. 
Unable to meet Vivian’s gaze, Hannah looked down at her feet and began making up an excuse on the spot. 
“Err.. I met him for the first time when… when Mr. Dijon asked me to interview him. Even though I knew that Mr. Norton has never allowed any media company to interview him, I went ahead and tried my luck because… because Mr. Dijon requested for me to do it.”
###Chapter 1039
Chapter 1039 
Hannah’s stammering did not get better as she went on. “Upon arriving at Mr. Norton’s company, I explained the purpose of my visit to the receptionist but was rejected. In the end, I… I waited for him all day long outside the company, and the security tried to chase me out… Then… Mr. Norton suddenly appeared, and we… we met for the first time.” 
Hannah sighed deeply. Wow! That was so difficult! She was hoping that her story would be convincing since it would answer Vivian’s question about how she managed to interview Fabian. 
She intentionally talked about the interview in detail and only touched on how the two of them had met in a single sentence. 
“And that was how we met. Yeah…” Hannah finally raised her head. Looking at Vivian, she seemed confident about her “factual recount”. On the other hand, her heart was pounding like a thousand drums. 
Her story actually had some bits of truths in it. She even added the incident that happened at Fabian’s company the day before, which many people had witnessed, knowing that Vivian definitely heard rumors about it too. 
Fabian’s gaze became rather stern as he looked at Hannah. That was pretty interesting! I am impressed! Hannah, I didn’t know you were this good at making things up! I wonder if you have ever lied to me like this before. 
After listening to what Hannah had to say, Vivian nodded. Though she knew that there were definitely fabricated elements, she did not want the situation to turn more awkward.
After all, she did not really have the right to interrogate Hannah about personal information she was unwilling to disclose anyways. Judging from Hannah’s expression, Vivian was sure that she had given her the overall picture. However, she still felt that there was something more to her relationship with Fabian. 
Well, I guess I understand why Fabian has to pay me a visit now. Regina is simply too much. 
Feeling sorry for Hannah, Vivian sighed, then said, “That Regina girl has really stepped out of line this time. There’s no need to worry too much though. I’ve already dealt with her.” 
Vivian heaved a sigh of relief when she heard Vivian change the topic. “Thank you, Ms. Morrison.” 
Vivian smiled at her. “You should thank Mr. Norton. He reported the case to me.” 
Hannah blinked. Thank him? No way. He took me for a clown just now. 
However, Vivian went silent, and she had no choice but to do as she was told. Turning to Fabian, Hannah said, “Thank you, Mr. Norton.” With that, she pouted her lips and rolled her eyes as if to express her discontent. 
Fabian felt the corners of his mouth twitch. Hah… Is she trying to act cute in front of me? But she’s da*n cute… 
“Ms. Young, you’re most welcome. I’m counting on you for my future interviews.” Fabian then raised his head and looked at Vivian. “Vivian.” That was a name he was all too familiar with. 
Vivian froze. Fabian had always called her that in the past. 
It took Fabian a moment to come to his senses. Coughing awkwardly, he said, “Ms. Morrison, if you’re done talking to us, Hannah and I should get going. We need to discuss the details about my interview.”
Vivian took a deep breath. The past is in the past. ”Mr. Norton, I think you can take your leave. I’m afraid that I can’t see you off because I’ve got a lot of matters to attend to. See you next time.” 
Hannah noticed the fishy looks that Fabian exchanged with Vivian, which confirmed her suspicions. 
Fabian called her Vivian! And she shook a little upon hearing that? Was it out of shock? 
Don’t tell me… Don’t tell me that the two of them used to date or something? 
Fabian nodded his head subtly and replied shrewdly, “Okay. See you next time.”
###Chapter 1040
Chapter 1040 
After leaving Vivian’s office, Hannah could not wait to ask Fabian about the unexpected episode from moments ago, but she did not want to anger Fabian in any way. As she sank into a dilemma, Fabian said, “Hannah, you were quite the creative genius just now! If I didn’t know the truth, I would have totally bought into your lies.” 
Hmph. You’re not actually complimenting me, are you? Scratching her head, she mumbled, “I didn’t have a choice. I mean… I can’t talk about… talk about…” 
All of a sudden, Fabian stopped in his tracks and grabbed Hannah’s face. 
Hannah was absolutely horrified by his sudden move. “Fabian, what are you doing?” she asked. 
“You’re such a good liar. Your eyes and expression were so convincing. How can I even tell if you’ve lied to me before?” Fabian’s gaze was cold and foreboding. Evidently, he was very serious about his question. 
Hannah’s eyes widened, feeling a little exasperated about Fabian’s sudden mood swing. “Aren’t you thinking too much? Why would I even lie to you?” 
“Who knows…” Fabian narrowed his eyes as he pressed himself closer to Hannah. 
Hannah frowned. I’ve never lied to you. Why are you being so grumpy? Feeling defensive, she held her head high and stepped forward. The tips of their shoes were touching as they locked gazes—neither of them was backing down. 
Fabian eyed Hannah intensely as if to find a trace of deceit. On the other hand, Hannah looked more self-assured than ever.
Just then, Fabian bent his neck slightly and gave Hannah a peck on her cheek. He did it all so naturally and swiftly that one might wonder if he had planned on doing that all along. 
Stepping a few steps backward, Fabian said, “Maybe you’re swindling me for my chastity?” 
Fabian’s kiss caught Hannah by surprise. She fell into a daze until she heard Fabian’s suggestive remark. Her pupils dilated as she spluttered, “You pervert!” 
Chuckling slightly, Fabian reminded her, “Hey, we are at your office right now. Are you sure you want to yell like that in here?” With that, he walked away. 
Hannah was so angry that she trembled a little. Has he no shame at all? She immediately ran after him to catch up. 
Unfortunately, Fabian came to a sudden halt, and she bumped right into his back. Rubbing her head, she mumbled, “Why did you stop all of a sudden? My head hurts.” 
Fabian did not respond and simply looked straight ahead. Poking her head out from behind him, Hannah caught sight of a woman who blocked their way. 
Damn it! Why is Regina everywhere? 
Regina swept her eyes across the couple before her. Hmph. These two just left the Chief Editor’s office together. My guesses were correct. They must be the ones who got me fired! 
Fabian simply glared at Regina with his sharp, angsty eyes. How dare this woman treat Hannah like that! He would have done much more than getting Regina fired if it were not for Hannah’s sake. He did not want Hannah to feel too guilty about the situation.
With an obviously fake smile plastered on her face, Regina said, “Mr. Norton, Ms. Young. I want to apologize for what I did yesterday. I’m the one in the wrong, and I shouldn’t have slandered Ms. Young. I’m really sorry! Would you forgive me?” 
Hannah was flabbergasted. She could almost feel her jaw drop. Regina is apologizing to me? What is happening? Is the world finally coming to an end? 
However, Hannah soon wrapped her mind around the situation. Evidently, Regina was trying to do damage control so that she could save her job. Apologizing would mean nothing to her if it’s for money!
###Chapter 1041
Chapter 1041 
Fabian and Hannah exchanged looks and chose not to reply Regina. 
As the awkward silence persisted, Regina began to feel impatient. What? Why is this damned couple so arrogant? One day, I’ll be stepping on you two, and you guys would be at my mercy and at my disposal! 
Although that was what Regina had in her mind, she still maintained her stiff smile because she knew that she had to get her job back. “Hey, I’ve really been reflecting on my actions. My job…” 
Hmph! I knew it! Regina’s shameless behavior was making Hannah scoff in her head. 
Fabian also smirked without even looking at Regina. 
Before either of them could decline her request, Regina began wailing like an unbearable toddler. 
“Hannah, I know that you don’t think highly of me. I know that you think that I’m just another girl with a sugar daddy. But you know what, I don’t come from a wealthy family, and I needed to do it so that the people at the company would see me as an equal! I slandered you because I’m jealous of what you have. You have no idea how hard life is living in the countryside! I just hope that you can forgive me!” 
Regina broke out in tears as if she was the one who had been wronged. A passerby would surely see her in that miserable state and think she was getting bullied or something. 
Hannah was a kind-hearted girl, and Regina’s tactics really worked on her. However, she knew that she could not help out much as an average employee since Fabian was the one who reported Regina to the Chief Editor. “How about you talk to Ms. Morrison again? I think the incident is pretty much resolved, and she seems to have learned her lesson,” she whispered in Fabian’s ear.
Shaking his head firmly, he said, “As the saying goes, a leopard cannot change its spots. I doubt she would change for the better.” 
If not for Hannah, Fabian would have ignored Regina and strode off. Talking to a woman like Regina was a complete disgrace for him. 
“I promise! I promise that I’ll turn over a new leaf. Please believe me!” Regina gushed with an earnest look. 
Hah… Fabian felt rather entertained by her act. He vaguely remembered that Regina had said something really similar to that to him just a day ago. 
“So what if you make a promise? You’ve messed with the wrong people, and now you have to pay for what you did,” Fabian growled. Turning to Hannah, he said, “Alright. Let’s get going.” 
Hannah was still feeling a little bothered by Regina’s cries and the fact that she made someone lose her job. “I… I think…” 
Before she could even finish her sentence, a blood-curdling scream resonated in the hallway. “Fabian Norton! You heartless bast*rd! I’ve given you two enough respect by apologizing, yet you choose to ignore me like this? I won’t let you off so easily!” 
Hannah raised her eyebrows, and her mouth was still agape. She could feel her cheeks heating up. Oh, I’m such a fool. 
Why did I even feel sorry for her? She was just putting up an act and had no intentions of turning over a new leaf whatsoever. And what’s with that? She’s still mad at us? 
Squinting his eyes, a vicious aura radiated from Fabian. Staring daggers at Regina, he said, “You won’t let me off so easily? Hah! Please look at yourself. Do you actually think you can threaten me in any
way? With that old, crippled grandpa you’re clinging onto? Or are you going to get a rich suitor to stir up some trouble? Fancy you talking about revenge? Just stop dreaming, you dirty woman. No matter how beautiful you think you are, you’re no more than a toy in our eyes.” 
Every word Fabian hurled at Regina was like a deadly arrow that seemed to hit her spot on. Regina was well aware that she had been living a toxic lifestyle but she could never bring herself to admit to it.
###Chapter 1042
Chapter 1042 
Regina’s lips trembled, and her face was a ghastly white. She was speechless. Fabian was completely right about her. She was merely a plaything clinging onto her sugar daddy. 
However, there was no way in hell that Regina would accept reality. She took Fabian’s harsh words as a tactic he used to belittle her. I’m going to take revenge on you! 
Blinded by hatred and vengeance, Regina charged forward and grabbed Hannah’s hair violently with her claw-like fingers. 
Fortunately, Fabian’s reflexes kicked in, and he caught Regina’s wrists, restraining her hands with force. Regina ultimately let go of Hannah’s hair from the pain. As she bent down, Fabian vigorously flung her hands away, causing her to fall to the ground. 
Upon seeing the agony on Hannah’s face, Fabian hurried over and gently caressed her head. “Does it hurt here?” he asked gently. 
Hannah could barely speak and simply nodded. 
Massaging her head carefully, Fabian’s looked extremely concerned. 
Hannah whispered weakly, “Don’t rub it, it hurts.” 
“It’s okay. You’ll be fine. I’m taking you to the hospital.” 
As he said those words, he bent down and carried Hannah in a princess hug. As they went past Regina, he glared spitefully at her with his eerily cold eyes. “You’ve done well. You’ve angered me in every way possible.” With that, he stepped over her body and left.
As the stinging pain persisted, muffling her senses, Hannah looked at Fabian. He looked a little anxious and was glancing at her every other second. 
Even though she was in pain, Hannah still felt happy about the fact that Fabian still cared about her. She pursed her lips into a subtle smile. 
After carrying Hannah into the car, they soon arrived at the hospital. In the ER, Fabian spoke to a doctor. “Dr. Sanchez, her scalp or hair might have been damaged. Please find the best doctors in this area so that she doesn’t get any scars.” 
The man whom he addressed as Dr. Sanchez replied, “Don’t you worry. I have arranged for the best doctors in the country to attend to her.” 
“Thanks, I trust you. There’s no need for me to say anything else, is there?” Fabian said. 
“Yeah. You can go finish whatever work you have or something. I’ll get a nurse to take care of her.” 
“Well, there’s no need for that. I’ll be staying here to look after her.” Fabian took a deep breath. 
“That works too. I have something to do in the hospital, so I’m heading off first,” Dr. Sanchez replied. It seems like this woman is really important to him. Maybe she’s the future Mrs. Norton. 
“Okay, please get on with your work.” 
After Dr. Sanchez left, Fabian lit a cigarette and took a long puff but choked on it. It had been a long time since he found the need to smoke. However, his mood was at an all-time low. 
Eventually, he snubbed it in the ashtray and whipped out his phone. “It’s me. Help me investigate someone. Her name is Regina York. I want you to dig up everything shady and ugly about her!”
As Fabian stood by the bed Hannah was sleeping on, crossing his arms and staring at her with butterflies in his stomach, he came to the realization that he had begun to have genuine feelings for her. 
Even as Hannah slept, there was a trace of distress lingering on her face, and her body would twitch slightly from time to time. Her sense of insecurity was unmistakable. 
Upon seeing that, Fabian walked toward her and carefully reached for Hannah’s slender hand, wrapping his hand around hers. Slowly, he stroked the back of her hand. 
A bitter feeling also crept into his mind as he watched her sleep. Then, he said to himself, “Do you lack the sense of security being with me?” 
Holding up Hannah’s hand, he gently kissed it. “You need not worry. I’ll give you what you need.”
###Chapter 1043
Chapter 1043 
Buzz! Buzz! Buzz! Just then, Fabian’s phone began vibrating. He muted his phone, nimbly placed Hannah’s hand back under the sheets, and made sure that she was comfortable before leaving the room. 
His voice was cold as he answered the call. “Speak.” 
“I’ve done as per your instructions. The woman grew up in a small town and first found a sugar daddy when she was still in college. After graduation, she began working at a magazine company. For some unknown reason, she got fired this morning and is currently unemployed. Wesley Xenakis of Hatchworks Enterprise has been her sugar daddy since two years ago…” 
The mysterious voice from the other end continued to report every single detail about Regina’s life to Fabian. Having gone to lengths to dig up Regina’s dirty past in college, he seemed to be a rather efficient and capable informant. 
Fabian smirked, a spark of disdain gleaming in his eyes. Hah… Once a bich, always a bich. Her college life must have been very colorful. 
From his conversation with the mysterious informant, he found out that Regina’s current sugar daddy, Wesley of Hatchworks Enterprise, had projects with his company. Initially, he considered using their partnership as a tool for him to retaliate, but the idea was quickly dismissed as it would also result in losses on his part. 
As a man with a competitive and aggressive nature, he never liked the idea of sacrificing his pawns in battle just to make his enemies surrender.
Soon, Fabian came up with a plan that he was satisfied with. Based on the information he obtained, Wesley rose to power mainly because of his wife. 
Regina, oh, Regina. It seems that birds of a feather do flock together. You two are simply a match made in hell! 
Wesley Xenakis, it’s not a crime to use another woman’s money for your immoral sex life. You’re just unlucky that your sugar baby offended someone she should never mess around with. 
Fabian’s gaze had turned icy-cold. With the perfect plan in mind, he returned to the room to watch over Hannah. 
Meanwhile, Regina was bawling her eyes out yet again. “Wesley! Are you going to help me or what? I’ve been hit, and yet you seemed so unbothered!” 
The middle-aged man sitting beside her gave her a troubled look. “Regina, it’s not that I’m unbothered, but there’s nothing I can do in this situation. Fabian is known to be a cold-blooded businessman. I don’t want to lose everything just because of this.” 
“Wesley! Think about it. He knows about our relationship, yet he still hit me. He did it to provoke you, so why are you backing down? What are people going to take you for if you don’t fight back? They’ll just take advantage of you!” 
Regina was rather annoyed at Wesley’s cautious attitude. What a bloody coward! However, he was the only one who could back her up at this point, so it would not be wise to display her displeasure. Otherwise, she’ll be completely helpless and alone. 
“What? You’re saying that I’m scared of him? What a joke! I’m just trying to ensure that my company doesn’t suffer from any losses because of this.” Wesley could not stand being humiliated by Regina,
and his expression instantly darkened. 
Wesley was all heated up, and Regina simply could not wait to stir up the flames even more. “If you’re not scared, then confront him! If he’s provoking you like this now, who would know what other outrageous things he would do in the future?” 
Turning silent, Wesley sank into deep thought. 
His hesitation made Regina feel displeased and uneasy. 
Her displeasure stemmed from the fact that he did not choose to stand up for her when she clearly told him that she got hit. At the same time, she was worried that Wesley would ultimately choose to keep quiet about the incident, meaning that she would have lost her job for nothing. 
“Are you not even willing to help me with something this small?” Regina leaned on Wesley’s body, held his hands, and stared at him with tears welling up in her eyes. As she raised her trembling hands to wipe her tears, she looked like a damsel in distress.
###Chapter 1044
Chapter 1044 
Gritting his teeth and frowning a little, Wesley’s expression turned rather sinister. “Fabian, oh, Fabian. You asked for it. An eye for an eye!” 
Regina was absolutely delighted to hear those words. Sliding her hand down onto his crotch, she said, “I know that you still love me.” 
Back in the hospital, Hannah had just woken up. As she opened her eyes, she felt a distinct numbness in her arm. Just as she was about to get up, she noticed Fabian sleeping soundly beside her. Her eye widened. Huh? Has he been here all this while? 
Hannah stole a stealthy look at Fabian. Even from his side profile, one could tell that he was undoubtedly suave. However, she soon recognized a sense of concern spelled all over his face. 
Is he worried about me? 
For the past few days, Fabian’s attitude toward her seemed to have taken a hundred and eighty degree turn. Though she could not figure out the reason behind it, she was still overjoyed and simply could not stop blushing. 
All of a sudden, Fabian’s phone rang. Hannah instinctively closed her eyes. 
Fabian was woken up by the ringtone. After glancing at Hannah, he picked up the call. 
“Hello?” 
Hannah opened her eyes just a little to “spy” on Fabian. 
A female voice replied, “Mr. Norton.”
Hannah almost sighed out loud. Biting her lips, she began to feel bitter. 
Oh, Hannah. You shouldn’t have overthought the whole thing. You shouldn’t have even dreamed of him having feelings for you. You’re just living in your own fantasy. 
However, things quickly took a turn. “I have organized all the information regarding our projects with Hatchworks Enterprise. The name of the person in charge there is Wesley Zenakis. He’s the vice president of Hatchworks Enterprise,” the woman on the other end continued. 
Hannah turned a little red. So, it’s just his assistant reporting to him about work. Am I too sensitive about this? 
She could not remember when or how it started, but every little thing that Fabian would do had begun to stir her feeling bit by bit, and she could not even help but be a little over-sensitive toward him. 
“Okay. Just place those documents on my desk.” 
With that, Fabian ended the call, curling his lips into a sly smile. “What a coincidence, Wesley. It looks like God is on my side, huh?” He mumbled to himself. 
Just then, Hannah moaned softly, shifted her arms a little, and opened her eyes as if she had just woken up. 
“You’re awake?” Fabian’s voice was incredibly soft and gentle. 
“Huh?” Hannah pretended to be surprised that Fabian was still by her side. 
“The doctor said that you should be fine now. The only thing to watch out about is that you shouldn’t wash your hair for the next two days.” A few moments ago, Fabian was angrily demanding that the
doctors treat Hannah’s hair with the best products. He made it seem like a job that had to be completed well, or they would all lose their jobs. 
“Huh? I can’t wash my hair? Then, how am I supposed to even leave the house?” As a woman, Hannah was very self-conscious about her appearance. She felt that she would get a mental breakdown if she were to stop washing her hair for two days. 
“Of course, if you really insist on it, I won’t stop you,” Fabian replied, smiling at her. 
Hannah heaved a sigh of relief. That’s great news indeed. 
Upon seeing Hannah’s sheepish look of relief, Fabian’s grin widened. “You can go ahead and wash your hair if you want to turn bald.” 
Realizing that Fabian was messing around with her, Hannah raised her eyebrows and pouted her lips. With a discontented look on her face, she said, “Hmph. Alright. I won’t do it then. It’s no big deal!” 
No matter how unwilling she was on the inside, she had no intentions of turning bald. Ever since a young age, she had always dreamed of growing up to be a beautiful lady with cascading locks. There’s no way that I’m turning bald! 
As Fabian silently observed her cute little expressions, he felt his affection for her swell up in his heart.
###Chapter 1045
Chapter 1045 
Running his hands gently through Hannah’s hair, his expression suddenly turned stiff and stern. “Don’t you worry. I’ll avenge you. You won’t be suffering through this alone.” 
“I…” Hannah wanted to calm him down a little, but Fabian seemed very determined, and she could tell by then that Regina was not a good person. 
Slowly, Fabian stood up and leaned toward Hannah. 
Staring at him curiously, she asked, “What are you doing?” 
Fabian simply responded with a firm kiss on her lips. 
“I’ve contacted your company to get you a day off. You should rest here for today. If you feel bored, you can just take a stroll downstairs. I’ll be off to work now, so please take care of yourself,” he said gently. 
Before Hannah could even reply to him, Fabian had already walked out of the room. 
As Hannah watched him leave, she could not help but space out a little. What’s with the extreme flip- flopping of his attitude? Did he just say those cheesy words to me? Even though he’s the most stuck- up man ever? 
Hannah sat up, her heart palpitating faster than ever. With a delighted look on her face, she said to herself, “Why did I not see this gentle side of you before?” 
She then massaged her temples before getting off the bed and washing up in the ensuite washroom of her VIP ward. She wanted to go for a walk downstairs.
After being bullied at work by Regina for two whole days, she was feeling extremely irritable. A day off work would be a great chance for her to regain a healthy mental state. 
Meanwhile, in the living room of a small villa, Wesley and Regina had just finished their umpteenth round of sex. Putting their clothes back on, Regina began to talk about the “brilliant” plan she had come up with. 
“Wesley, how about this? You invite Mr. Ziegler for a meal and convince him to raise the price for the plot of land sold in the Horington Land Development Project. After that, you simply follow suit.” She turned to look at Wesley. 
“Once Fabian signs the deal with Mr. Ziegler, you can just leave the partnership with the excuse that you don’t have sufficient funds to pay for the plot of land. That way, Fabian wouldn’t be able to bad- mouth you. Most importantly, we would make him lose a ton of money. How’s that? Isn’t that a perfect plan?” 
Wesley, who was sitting beside her, nodded subtly and replied, “Yeah. This plan sounds good. We’ll go with this. Hah! Fabian, I’m not going easy on you.” 
While Wesley was drawing up a plan to sabotage Fabian with Regina, Fabian was also wracking his brain to think of a plan to sabotage Wesley. 
Leaning back on his chair, Fabian was focused on the document in his hands. It was a document regarding Wesley’s wife. 
Fabian knew that if he were to expose Wesley’s relationship with Regina to his wife, neither of the two immoral, sexed-up animals would get away unscathed.
Smiling wickedly, Fabian snapped his fingers and whipped out his phone once more to contact the mysterious informant. “Hello, help me book an appointment with Wesley Xenakis’ wife. Yes. I’ll meet her at four in the afternoon at the café opposite my company. Yeah, tell her that I’m Fabian and that I wish to talk to her about business.” 
Moments after hanging up his call, his phone started vibrating again. Fabian raised an eyebrow at the name displayed on the screen. Terry Ziegler. Why is he calling me? 
Fabian felt a little perplexed about why Terry contacted him. Even though they had partnered up in some projects in the past, he had not stayed in contact with Terry in ages. 
“Hi? Terry? How very nice of you to call me today? You always seem too busy to contact me.” Fabian answered the call, bombarding Terry with patronizing words. 
The raspy voice of an old man rang from the other end. “Mr. Norton, you must be joking. There’s a need for me to attend to all the official duties I have, unlike you. As the president of a company, all you have to do is take care of the overall direction of the projects at hand and sign a few papers.” 
One could tell that Terry was a veteran government official from the way he spoke alone. 
Fabian chuckled lightly. Before he could even respond, Terry began talking once more. “I’m calling you to talk about something serious today. I want to ask if you’ve gotten into a conflict with Wesley of Hatchworks Enterprise or something like that.”
###Chapter 1046
Chapter 1046 
Huh? How does he know? ”Terry, what’s going on? Please be straightforward and tell me all about it,” Fabian said calmly. 
“Wesley just called me. He wants to raise the price of the land you’re partnering up with him to buy so that he can swindle some of your money. He even talked about splitting it in half with me. I disagreed. I’d rather not ruin our relationship like this.” 
Hah! You just can’t wait to get wrecked, can you? Since you’re asking for it, then I’d better grant you your wishes. 
Grinning, Fabian said, “Terry, why would you reject such a great offer?” 
Terry was rather baffled by what he had just heard. “Huh?” 
“Terry, call him back. Tell him you want eighty percent of the money. And then…” 
After listening to Fabian’s plan in full, Terry could not help but chuckle a little. “Okay, okay. I’ll do as you’ve instructed. Mr. Norton, it can be really devastating to go against someone as smart as you. Fortunately, I do have the wisdom to be your friend.” 
“Terry, your involvement in this is much appreciated.” 
The two proceeded to engage in some small talk with each other and eventually ended the call. 
Hours later, Wesley found himself narrowing his eyes at his phone. “Hmph. This Mr. Ziegler guy is greedier than I have expected. It turns out that he rejected me the first time simply because he wasn’t offered enough money,” he said to himself.
Upon hearing that, Regina turned to look at him eagerly. “So, he agreed to our plan?” 
Nodding with a somewhat discontent expression, Wesley replied, “He did agree… but he wants to get eighty percent of the money.” 
“That’s fine. What’s important is that he agrees with our plan. We are turning a profit anyways. How about you try to raise the price of the land even higher?” 
Wesley replied, “Yeah, I’ll try my best to make the price as steep as they can get.” 
Meanwhile, Fabian was staring at the clock in his office. Seems about time. He dialed for Wesley. With a saddened and distressed tone, he said, “Hi? Are you the person in charge of the Horington Land Development Project from Hatchworks Enterprise? I’m Fabian… Yes… Mr. Ziegler suddenly raised the prices of that plot of land really high. I need to discuss this with you. Okay… Yes, get Mr. Ziegler to come too, and we shall meet at the Glory Hotel.” 
Fabian hang up the call with a look of disdain. From his short conversation with Wesley, he could sense just how delighted Wesley was. Hmph. You’re just a fool who can’t even do as much as to conceal your emotions. I don’t see how you could have ever survived in this industry without your wife. And yet, you are just playing around with your sugar baby and don’t seem grateful to your wife at all. 
“Hah… I like idiots like you… You’ll count the money for me after I sell you off, won’t you?” Fabian said with an amused expression. 
Chuckling, he made another call using the telephone on his desk. “Reserve a private room for me at the Glory Hotel and prepare a car downstairs. I’ll be leaving now.” 
Before long, Fabian arrived at the designated venue for their rendezvous. In the distance, Wesley and Terry had just emerged from the same car and seemed to be chatting merrily. Fabian walked up to
them with a smile, he extended his right hand in a somewhat patronizing way. “Mr. Ziegler, this way, please.” 
Terry also extended his right hand to shake hands with Fabian. He could not help but lament to himself in his head. Oh, gosh. What has Wesley done to you? I can’t believe that he’s going to such lengths just to dupe Wesley. Does he even care about his image at this point? 
His image was indeed the last thing on Fabian’s mind at the moment. Putting on an act to get his darling Hannah her sweet revenge and even getting paid for his acting sounded like an amazing deal to him. 
“Mr. Ziegler, Mr. Xenakis, this is the private room I’ve reserved for you.” 
In the private room, they made their orders and began chatting casually. After most of the dishes had been served, Fabian took a sip of his wine and put on his best impression of a businessman in distress. Smiling awkwardly, he said, “Mr. Ziegler, I do remember discussing the price with you two days ago. Why did you suddenly raise it by so much?” 
Terry furrowed his brows slightly and replied, “Oh, Fabian. I don’t have a choice. The higher-ups were the ones who made the decision. I want to help you, but there’s nothing I can do about it.” 
As he said those words, he took out a document from his briefcase. “Look, I’m not lying to you. This is the contract printed as per the instructions of my higher-ups. The price is being doubled. I’ve tried to negotiate with them for your sake but was reprimanded instead. They said that they have no intentions of lowering the prices. There’re many competitors wanting to purchase the plot of land, and you can either take it or leave it.”
###Chapter 1047
Chapter 1047 
When Wesley, who was at the side heard that, he inwardly snickered. Hah! Your acting is quite convincing, you old fox! If I hadn’t known the truth beforehand, even I would’ve probably been taken in by you! 
As Fabian took the contract from Terry, he saw the clause indicated by Terry’s index finger: In the event that Party A is unable to make payment, the guarantor will bear the responsibility of paying it in full. This clause was concealed at an exceedingly inconspicuous spot amidst the few pages of the contract, thus very much difficult to spot. 
After glancing through the contract, Fabian murmured with a worried expression, “As you know, Mr. Ziegler, I’m collaborating with Mr. Xenakis’ company on this project, so I’m afraid that I can’t make an arbitrary decision.” 
Grasping the meaning of his words, Terry passed Wesley another copy of the contract. He deliberately tapped on the price with his index finger before winking at Wesley. Then, he exclaimed, “Look, Mr. Xenakis. Although the price is exorbitant, this place is a gem and has immense appreciation potential. I’m sure you’re well aware of this, so why don’t you make a decision?” 
As Wesley gazed in the direction of his finger, he was greeted by a shocking figure. He then inwardly counted, Ones, tens, hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, millions, tens of millions, and hundreds of millions! Two hundred and fifty millions! He actually doubled the price of the land! 
Wesley’s eyes blazed as utter delight swamped him. Haha, this is simply amazing! While he’s really ruthless to jack it up this much, I’ll be making a tidy sum as well. Since Fabian Norton has agreed to give me money for nothing, why should I decline?
Nonetheless, he intentionally feigned a dour expression as he replied, “The price is rather high, Mr. Norton. However, as mentioned by Mr. Ziegler, the appreciation potential is self-evident, so I think it’s still workable.” 
Upon hearing this, Fabian couldn’t help sneering inwardly. Hah! Do you think you’ve gotten a lunch? You think I’m an idiot, huh? Don’t come crying to me if something happens later! 
He hesitated for a while before concurring, “Since Mr. Xenakis thinks it’s okay, it’s decided then.” 
Meanwhile, as Terry looked at Fabian’s tortured expression, he inwardly groused. You’re truly vicious and greedy. It’s you who told me to jack up the price this much, yet you’re still acting as though you’ve suffered a great loss! 
Giving a light cough, he then threw Wesley a look. “In that case, let’s sign the contract now to save trouble further down the road,” he suggested mildly. “It’ll be bad if the price were to go up again.” 
At this, Wesley promptly seconded him, blurting, “Yes, Mr. Norton! We’ll both have one less thing to worry about after the contract is signed!” 
Still, Fabian feigned a conflicted expression. Heaving a long sigh, he then assented, “Okay. In that case, let’s sign the contract.” 
As he said that, he signed all three copies of the contract before handing them to Terry. Subsequently, Terry took out a red stamp and stamped the Bureau of Land Management’s seal on the contract. Then, he handed the contract to Wesley and placidly remarked, “Mr. Xenakis, please also sign as a witness since this is such a huge contract.” 
When Wesley heard that, puzzlement flooded him. Huh? I’ve got to stand witness? Thus, he made a soft sound of inquiry. “Hmm?”
Noticing his hesitance, Terry explained, “This is a particular measure taken by the higher-ups to prevent officials from practicing nepotism. As long as a contract exceeds a billion, a witness’ signature is required.” 
After saying that, he leaned over with an expression of concern and muttered in a low voice, “Hurry up and sign it before he changes his mind. If he goes back on his decision, we won’t be getting a single cent.” 
Hearing that, Wesley felt that it indeed made sense. Plus, he assumed that Terry was on his side, so he picked up the pen and signed the contract without the slightest bit of suspicion. 
The moment Terry saw him signing the contract, he immediately breathed a sigh of relief. With undisguised jubilance, he then gushed, “Great, great! It’s a load off all of us since the contract has finally been signed. Now, keep the contract properly and ensure that neither of you loses it. This is a crucial document, so make sure you keep it safe.” 
As Wesley stared at Terry, who was grinning from ear to ear, a trace of envy slithered into him. You’re making tens of millions just by signing this contract, yet when the problem occurs later, Fabian Norton is going to shove all the blame on me!
###Chapter 1048
Chapter 1048 
However, Wesley had no other choice, for he must go through Terry if he wanted to dupe Fabian. But at the thought that he himself had also made more than twenty million, the resentment within him eased slightly. Anyway, it’s worth it this time! Thus, he then lifted his wine glass and merrily said to the two of them, “Here, let’s celebrate the successful signing of the contract. Also, here’s to wishing us a fruitful collaboration!” 
What? Is he this elated because he thinks that the money is now his? Ah, he’s been tripped by his own ingenuity! Unbidden, a flicker of sympathy welled within Terry at the sight of the euphoria written all over Wesley’s face. This poor guy probably doesn’t know it yet, huh? In truth, he has already lost two point five billion, and that money is all from his pocket… 
It’s not you who has tricked Fabian Norton, but the other way around. Why are you so foolish that you chose to make an enemy of him? Say, even if he were to give you a ninety-meter start in a one- hundred-meter race, you might not necessarily be his match! 
“Don’t worry, Mr. Xenakis. Our collaboration is sure to be a fruitful one,” Fabian asserted meaningfully even as an odd smile played on his lips. 
Wesley paid it no mind, but at the side, Terry shivered at the sight of the smile. Goodness, he’s really terrifying! The expression on his face stiffened, and his voice turned a touch weak as he lifted his wine glass to conceal the terror brewing within him. “Here, here.” 
After the meal, Wesley was exceedingly eager to drive Terry home. To him, Terry was already tantamount to the God of Wealth since he had made him over twenty million in just a flash. Thus, he couldn’t help being all deferential and reverent toward him.
Fabian, on the other hand, merely stared at both their backs. At this time, he felt that Wesley was acting very much like a bootlicker as he fawned all over Terry. In the next moment, he shrugged. Hah! What a ridiculous man! I wonder if you’ll still be all smiles like today when something happens. 
Thereafter, he made a call and had someone cook some food and boil some soup for Hannah. Then, he personally delivered them to her. 
At this time, Hannah was languidly watching television in her hospital room even as her tinkling giggles floated into the air occasionally. Out of the blue, a click sounded, and the door of the hospital room swung open. As she shifted her gaze to the door, Fabian entered her line of sight. 
Fabian was holding a thermal food container in his left hand and a few containers in his right as he walked into the room leisurely. Suddenly, Hannah’s face inexplicably turned bright red as she stared at him, and her body shook. 
At this, Fabian’s brows creased, and he inexorably hastened his steps. But before he had reached her, a splutter of laughter escaped Hannah, followed by a whole bout of it. 
In the blink of an eye, her crazed giggles reverberated around the entire room. Meanwhile, Fabian looked at her wordlessly like a child staring at an animal in the zoo. 
Upon seeing his expressionless face, Hannah felt that the atmosphere was rather awkward, so she forced herself to stop laughing. Then, she gazed at him docilely like a kid who had done something wrong. 
“What did you find so funny?” Fabian inquired, curious. 
“N-Nothing,” Hannah stuttered in reply to his question.
Placing the food on the table, Fabian turned around and threatened, “Spit it out, or you won’t be getting any food.” 
“How could you starve me when I’m sick?” Hannah stuck out her cherry lips even as she rolled her eyes in aggrievement. 
“Hmm? So, you think I’m joking, huh?” Fabian drawled in a questioning tone as he took two steps forward. 
When Hannah clocked his solemn expression that carried no hint of humor, she sheepishly stammered, “N-No. I just felt that you looked very different when carrying those food containers.” 
“Why don’t you expound on that?” Fabian pressed. 
“Well… Well, you looked a bit like a househusband,” Hannah muttered in a flustered voice while shrugging, appearing resigned to her fate. She initially wanted to lie, but she was afraid that he would be able to see through her. 
Well, well… She has a really rich imagination! 
“A househusband?” Fabian repeated with a chuckle. 
Grimacing, Hannah surreptitiously stole a peek at him. When she saw that he was opening the containers, she finally breathed easier. 
“Well? Why are you still in bed? Don’t tell me you’re hoping to be intimate with me on a hospital bed?” Fabian smirked roguishly as though he was going to devour her right then and there.
###Chapter 1049
Chapter 1049 
As soon as Hannah heard this, fear manifested and showed on her face. Hastily jumping out of bed, she frantically slipped on her shoes and ran over. 
At this, a hint of craftiness flashed across Fabian’s eyes. “What’s wrong? Am I that scary?” he griped in slight displeasure. 
Instinctively nodding, Hannah muttered to herself, “Of course! Do you not know that? You’re the devil himself. You always pick on me whenever you feel like it, but then throw me aside at other times. Didn’t you realize that? Hmph! What a fiend!” 
At this precise moment, a chill struck her. She instantly snapped her head up, only to see him staring at her with eyes radiating icy coldness. 
Oh my God! I actually blurted that out when I meant to just grouse inwardly, and he even heard me! What should I do? What on earth should I do? I just hope he doesn’t take offense at me. 
“No, no. That’s not it. You’re not at all scary. You’re very gentle and you take good care of me. I like it a lot!” she frantically elucidated. 
Naturally, Fabian knew full well that she was placating him. Nevertheless, he was still glad. No matter what, she’s still trying to please me! But for some reason, words eluded him for a moment. Subsequently, he ordered coldly, “Come over here and eat.” 
Feeling as though a weight had been lifted off her shoulders, Hannah quickly dashed over, afraid that he would again be chagrined if she tarried for even a second. However, the moment she drew close to him, the stench of alcohol assailed her. “Y-You drank earlier?” she asked cautiously as she looked at him.
Nonetheless, Fabian didn’t answer her. All the containers on the table had been opened by now, and he filled a small bowl with chicken soup. After putting the spoon in, he placed it in front of her. “Drink it.” 
As Hannah stared at the chicken soup in the thermal food jar, she queried, “You must have asked someone to boil this chicken soup, yes?” 
His face a mask of disdain, Fabian retorted huffily, “Just concentrate on eating instead of yakking.” 
At this, Hannah shot him an indignant glare. Why must you be so fierce? You’re obviously concerned about me, yet you’re feigning nonchalance. Why are you still such a hypocrite when you’re a grown-up! Ugh! You’re simply infuriating! 
However, she didn’t dare give voice to it, merely muttering inwardly. After all, she didn’t know how he would react, so she didn’t dare take such a huge risk. 
She ate a lot under Fabian’s watchful gaze, but in the end, she truly couldn’t stomach another bite. “I really can’t eat anymore,” she whined in a beseeching voice. 
Despite knowing that he was doing this for her good, she couldn’t help grumbling inwardly What gives? Why does he keep forcing me to eat? Does he think I’m a glutton that he can shove however much food he wants down my throat? 
As Fabian looked at the chicken soup and food that was almost all gone, he nodded his head in satisfaction. “This is more like it! You’re such a good girl!” he declared as though coaxing a child. 
When his words fell, Hannah rolled her eyes at him in contempt while inwardly huffing. Hmph! Good girl? Do you think I’m a three-year-old kid? You make me feel like heaving at the mere sight of chicken soup! Just you wait. When you fall sick one day, I’ll force you to eat with a forbidding expression. Oh yes, I’ll also force you to finish an entire container of chicken soup!
As she thought about this, a beautiful picture formed in her mind—Fabian with an imploring expression and a forced smile that appeared exceedingly strained as he begged her fervently. Plus, she could even seemingly hear him pleading, Please don’t compel me to drink anymore. I beg you. I can’t take it anymore. 
Meanwhile, she had her hands on her hips as she shot daggers at him like an ogre and bellowed. No way! Finish it right this instance! The picture was simply too wonderful that snickers escaped her. 
“Hmm? Why are you sniggering?” Fabian questioned in mystification. 
Lost in her thoughts, Hannah ignored him, merely smiling idiotically as she sat before the table. 
“Hannah Young!” Fabian roared with a frown. 
“Huh? What happened?” Hannah inquired with a dazed expression, oblivious to everything that had happened. At this time, a smile was still tugging at her lips. 
All at once, Fabian stretched out his right hand and placed it against her forehead. As though having encountered an inexplicable problem, he muttered to himself, “She’s not running a fever. So, why was she grinning mysteriously?”
###Chapter 1050
Chapter 1050 
Thereafter, Fabian retracted his right hand and propped it under his chin in bafflement instead. Don’t tell me she’s having mental problems? 
Only now did Hannah realize that she had actually laughed aloud. She scratched her head in embarrassment as she looked at his bewildered expression. “Something occurred to me earlier, so…” 
After listening to her explanation, Fabian questioned dubiously, “Are you certain you’re not sick?” 
All at once, Hannah was rendered speechless. Why is he saying that I’m sick? 
“Uh… I’m certain.” 
Still, Fabian cast her a dubious glance. “I’ll observe you for another two days. If there’s really a problem, I’ll get a psychologist to take a look at you.” 
What the hell? I merely fell into a trance for a moment! Does he need to make such a huge deal out of it? But on second thought, he’s merely concerned about me… Hmm… Alright, I’ll just put up with it since you appear quite sincere. 
At this time, Fabian had already put her behavior earlier at the back of his mind, so he nonchalantly ordered, “Go and wash your hands. I’ll bring you downstairs for a stroll. 
Upon hearing this, immense shock gripped Hannah. What? Did I hear him wrongly? This busy man is actually offering to take a stroll with me? Is he serious? 
Rubbing her ears incredulously, she asked in disbelief, “What did you just say? Repeat it, please.”
Alas, this had Fabian’s relaxed brows scrunching together once more. He sauntered toward her languidly even as a flash of something gleamed in his eyes. 
Meanwhile, Hannah couldn’t help but back away. This gaze is very familiar! Every time he wants to take advantage of me, such is the look in his eyes. Don’t tell me… he’s planning to do it here? 
In a flash, she retreated to the side of the bed. As she stared at Fabian, who wore a determined expression, she blurted in a panic, “No, you can’t do this! We’re in the hospital, so this isn’t appropriate!” 
Ignoring her protests, Fabian continued approaching. Only when he came toe-to-toe with her did he finally stop. 
At this moment, Hannah appeared like a panicked rabbit. As her unease grew, she became all the more certain of her perception. He must be thinking of doing it right here! 
“Women never speak the truth. Rather, they always say the opposite of what they mean. Thus, the more they refuse something, the greater their desire for it.” 
Exasperation engulfed Hannah at his absurd logic. Hey, mister, I really don’t want it! Can you not apply this warped notion to every single woman? 
“Really, we always say the opposite of what we mean? Okay, then. In that case, I do want it.” The moment she said that, regret swamped her. Dang! Why on earth did I say such a thing? This is all his fault! 
Stricken, she collapsed onto the bed and turned her face away, not daring to look at him in the eye. 
Fabian, on the other hand, was like a ravenous wolf. In a trice, he pounced on her and pinned her underneath him. Hannah then immediately stretched out her hands and shoved at him hard to push
him away, only to have them restrained tightly with both of his and rendered immobile. 
Predictably, Fabian turned a deaf ear to her at this time. He merely drawled coldly, “You’re begging me now? As you’re the one who sparked the fire, you’re naturally responsible for putting it out.” 
When Hannah heard this, she couldn’t help lambasting inwardly, You’re truly an utter scoundrel! How could you be so shameless? You’re the one who wants it, yet you’re brazenly pushing the blame onto me! 
Subsequently, Fabian gently parted her lips with his moist tongue. He initially planned to thrust right into her mouth, but to his surprise, Hannah had anticipated it and gritted her teeth hard to guard against his invasion. At this, Fabian inwardly sneered, Hmm? Did you think that I’ll give up if you do that? Ah, isn’t that too simple? 
In the end, Hannah was kissed to point that her mind went blank and her eyes turned glassy. She then stuck out her tongue and started responding to the kiss. 
When she did so, Fabian inwardly smirked. Yup, this is more like it! Good girl! I love it when you’re a good girl! He sucked on her moist tongue incessantly even as his hands started traveling upward. With a flip, he reversed their positions even as he continued kissing her mindlessly. 
Just when he was about to take things to the next level, the ringing of his cell phone split the air.
###Chapter 1051
Chapter 1051 
Instantly, Hannah saw a ray of light at the end of the tunnel, and she almost fell to her knees in gratitude. 
Well? Answer the phone! Hurry up and take the call! She had already figured out a superb plan – The moment he takes the call, I’ll leap up and sprint out, asking the nurse to examine me. Then, I’ll be able to escape him! 
As Fabian answered the phone unhurriedly, his voice was tinged with a trace of ire though his face remained devoid of expression. “You’d better give me a reasonable explanation for your call. Otherwise, don’t blame me for showing you no mercy.” 
Although his voice was mild, it gave his assistant tremendous pressure. After all, the phone call was from none other than his assistant. 
“Mr. Norton… it’s Wesley Xenakis’ wife. She said she has an appointment with you and wishes to bring it forward. The time is rather rushed, so I called you right away,” the assistant on the other end answered timidly while a touch bewildered. 
Inwardly, he lamented, Who on earth provoked him that I’m now dragged into the mess as well? 
Seizing the opportunity while Fabian was on the phone, Hannah hastily retracted her petite hands. Then, she swiftly flipped over and crawled toward the edge of the bed. 
Fabian ignored Hannah, who was making her escape, despite staring at her intently. His voice wintry, he demanded, “What time does she want to meet?” 
At his question, his assistant hurriedly replied, afraid that he would blow his top, “Two o’clock in the afternoon.”
Meanwhile, Hannah had crawled down the bed and was making a mad dash toward the door. 
“Inform her that I’ll be there at two o’clock in the afternoon.” After hanging up, Fabian turned around and searched for Hannah. In an instant, he spotted her creeping forward with her eyes fixed on her bra on the ground. 
I’ve done it! I’m just a step away from success! At the sight of her bra a near distance away, jubilance flooded her. But just when she was about to reach out and snag it, she abruptly glimpsed a pair of male feet right before her. 
As she slowly shifted her gaze up, she was greeted by a smiling Fabian. All at once, hope deserted her. I’m done for. I still didn’t manage to make my escape, so ravishment is unavoidable now that I’ve fallen into the hands of this brute! 
She hung her head in resignation before acting unaffected in the next moment, seemingly saying, Well? Come on, then. Just do your worst! 
Unaware that he had already lost all interest because of that phone call, she implored him like a child who had done something wrong, pleading, “Uh… please be gentle with me.” 
As Fabian gazed at her flushed face, he suppressed his mirth even as a glint of deviousness flickered across his eyes. “I’ll give you a chance to redeem yourself, but it all depends on your willingness to do what I ask of you.” 
Upon hearing that she still had another choice, elation inundated Hannah. She was so ecstatic that even her voice brimmed with enthusiasm. “Okay, just tell me what you want me to do, and I’ll definitely do it!” 
“In that case, come over here and kiss me. Then, say, ‘Please have mercy on me, Hubby.’ After doing so, I’ll let you off this time.” The smile on Fabian’s face deepened, but it was stained with a trace of
wickedness. 
At this, Hannah gritted her molars. However, she then comforted herself, lamenting, This is far better than the other choice, no? Steeling her resolve, she took two strides forward and closed the distance between them. 
As she pinned her gaze on Fabian, who was much taller than her and was seemingly putting her in an awkward position on purpose, she had no intention of admitting defeat. Resentfully lifting herself on tiptoes, she pecked his thin lips before dipping her head in abashment and muttering in a mere whisper, “Please have mercy on me, Hubby. Okay?” 
Fabian, on the other hand, luxuriated in her pleading. After a while, he then proclaimed in a high- handed manner, “Alright. Since you begged me, I’ll let you off this time.” 
The moment his words fell, Hannah breathed a sigh of relief even as she touched her burning cheeks. I can’t believe I actually said that! 
Subsequently, Fabian leaned down and picked her bra up from the ground before handing it to her. 
When Hannah noticed him handing the bra to her, her face flamed an even brighter shade of red. Not daring to look him in the eye, she hastily snatched it out of his hand and raced to the washroom before slamming the door shut with a thud. 
Conversely, Fabian wasn’t at all bothered. Rather, he inwardly scoffed, Why the extreme reaction when I’ve already seen you in your birthday suit? Thereafter, he went over to the bathroom and spoke in a voice that would penetrate through the door, saying, “Later, go down and have a stroll by yourself. I’ve got something to do, so I’ll be leaving first.”
###Chapter 1052
Chapter 1052 
After saying that, Fabian spun around and left without even waiting for Hannah’s reply. 
As soon as Hannah heard the door clicking shut, she stalked out of the bathroom while lambasting in stark fury, “You’re a liar! You’re an incorrigible liar! You’ve got business to attend to, yet you took advantage of me and forced me to utter such a mortifying remark! Argh! I’m your lawfully wedded wife! Is there a man who would dupe his wife like this…” 
Disregarding the fact that he couldn’t hear her, she continued her tirade until she seemingly grew a tad tired. She poured herself a glass of water and guzzled it down in a single go. Then, she snapped angrily, “You want me to take a stroll, huh? Well, I’m just not going to do so! Instead, I’ll stay in my room and watch television! Hmph!” 
Meanwhile, as the car zoomed along the road, the air outside the window kept whizzing past. At this time, Fabian was holding a stack of documents that contained everything on Regina in his hands. 
“We’re here, Mr. Norton,” the driver prompted cautiously since he noticed that Fabian seemed to be contemplating something. 
Nodding at his reminder, Fabian asked, “Which room is it?” 
“Room 5, Mr. Norton.” 
Click! Fabian swung open the car door and walked away. 
Since he was a regular patron of the café, many of the servers recognized him. As such, a server amicably greeted him the moment he stepped in and inquired, “Do have a reservation, sir?” 
“Room 5. A friend of mine made the reservation,” Fabian answered mildly.
Giving him a slight bow, the server politely murmured, “In that case, please follow me, sir.” 
Thus, he led Fabian to Room 5. After knocking on the door, he then left. 
In the next moment, Fabian pushed open the door and entered without considering whether the person inside responded. After all, he wasn’t willing to stand there and wait outside. 
As soon as he walked in, he caught sight of a middle-aged woman sitting before him. While the woman was slightly plump, her skin was fair. She held a woman’s cigar that was flickering between her fingers, and wisps of cigar smoke wafted out between her teeth from time to time. 
When the middle-aged woman saw Fabian, she blinked her eyelashes that were caked with heavy mascara. In a voice colored with curiosity, she then queried, “You’re Mr. Norton, right? Do have a seat.” 
Inwardly, Fabian sighed even as he mused, No wonder Wesley Xenakis has a mistress outside. This woman’s looks are so ‘wonderful’ that I don’t even know what to say. Nevertheless, he quickly snapped back to reality and answered placidly, “Nice to meet you. I’m Fabian Norton.” 
A gleam of something then flashed across the woman’s eyes. Having been in the corporate world for many years, she could discern his extraordinary status in a single glance. The top-notch suit on him is definitely tailor-made, and the watch on his wrist is from the renowned brand, Patek Philippe! 
After having taken his measure, she snubbed out the cigar in her hand and asked with a trace of gusto, “May I know what kind of business you’d like to discuss that you asked me to meet you here this time, Mr. Norton?” 
As Fabian crossed his legs, the corners of his mouth curved into a mysterious smile. “This time, I didn’t ask you to meet me here to discuss business in the corporate sense, Mrs. Xenakis.”
“Oh? What would you like to discuss if not business?” A vestige of puzzlement manifested on the woman’s face that was caked with makeup. As the rolls of fat on her face moved, it made her countenance appear a smidge contorted. 
At this sight, Fabian inhaled deeply as he inwardly asserted. Hannah Young, you’ve got to compensate me when I go back this time! For your sake, I’m actually sitting down across from her and talking to her! Do you know how much patience this is costing me? 
Suppressing the emotions that were roiling within him, Fabian forced himself to calm down before stating nonchalantly, “I’ve got some information here that is of no use to me. However, it’s quite some value to you.” 
He then paused briefly before continuing, “My main purpose in asking you here this time is to do you a favor in hopes that you’ll look out for me when we collaborate in the future, Mrs. Xenakis.” 
At this, Mrs. Xenakis’ enormous mouth dropped open, making Fabian shudder. “What kind of information are you referring to, Mr. Norton?” 
“I wonder if your relationship with Mr. Xenakis is currently doing well?” Fabian inquired without replying to her question, his query seemingly laden with meaning. 
“Why are you asking me this? This is a personal matter and has nothing to do with you!” Disgruntlement was written all over Mrs. Xenakis’ face, and she refused to answer him.
###Chapter 1053
Chapter 1053 
Fabian clocked Mrs. Xenakis’ expression clear as day. A refusal to answer proves that she definitely has something to hide. But well, that’s only natural. Your man’s relationship with you can’t be good when he has a mistress out there. Plus, your looks… Ah, I pity Wesley Xenakis! 
He wasn’t at all enraged at her response. Sliding the stack of documents over to her, he murmured calmly, “Aren’t you interested in knowing the kind of information I have, Mrs. Xenakis? Well, you can just take a look at it yourself.” 
At this, Mrs. Xenakis threw him a chagrined look, making it glaringly obvious that she was peeved because of the incident earlier. Nonetheless, she still picked up the documents and flipped through them. 
As Fabian observed the plump woman’s countenance, a wave of nausea assaulted him, and he inwardly vowed to seek compensation from Hannah. 
Holding the documents, Mrs. Xenakis scanned the information line by line. While doing so, the eyebrows on her forehead sharpened into blades that mirrored each other even as her face twisted. The impatience within her grew, and she scanned it increasingly faster as though wanting to rid herself of it as soon as possible. 
When she was done reading, she lifted her pudgy arms and flung the documents onto the table. Her face was a mask of rage as she snarled, “How shameless!” 
Her face turned as black as charcoal, and she again thumped her pudgy palm onto the tabletop. She was so incensed that she had steam coming out of her ears. “Ah, Wesley Xenakis! How much have I helped you throughout the years? Yet, you actually have a mistress out there? How could you betray me like this? Aren’t you at all ashamed to lavish my money on another woman?”
For a moment, Fabian felt bad for the table. Fortunately, the table is solid enough. If it were another one that’s of bad quality, it might have split down the middle at all the banging she’s doing. 
Nevertheless, he was exceedingly satisfied with the reaction of Wesley’s wife. After all, he would be at a loss if she were to remain calm and unruffled. 
At this time, he feigned concern and urged, “Don’t get too worked up, Mrs. Xenakis. To tell you the truth, I was also very much surprised after looking at the documents, but I then felt that it isn’t worth losing sleep over.” 
Subsequently, he paused for a while before continuing in a voice stained with feigned resentment, “The only reason I’m giving you this information is that I feel that we’re both in the same boat. For the sake of that b*tch, Regina York, Wesley Xenakis colluded with Terry Ziegler and had an exorbitant contract drawn up. Luckily, I’m smarter! Not only wasn’t I taken in back by him, but I have even gotten back at him instead!” 
He deliberately revealed this information to the woman, for his motive wasn’t as simple as wanting Wesley and his wife to have a row. Rather, his ultimate goal was to have him ruined before being imprisoned in the end. 
Naturally, Wesley’s wife grasped the crux of the matter—an exorbitant contract and Fabian having gotten him back. Her mind started whirring rapidly. Considering Fabian Norton’s ruthless methods, that idiot, Wesley Xenakis, is sure to have been played for a fool! But since you betrayed me in the first place, then don’t blame me for disregarding our past affections! 
Gritting her teeth, she forced a smile as she looked at Fabian and declared, “I’ve got to thank you for the timely information today, Mr. Norton. Otherwise, I would’ve still been kept in the dark. In the future, just say the word if you need any help from me.”
However, Fabian merely flashed her a faint smile. To accentuate the notion of divorcing Wesley in this woman before him, he deliberately called attention to it by remarking, “Don’t worry about it. I just felt that someone like Wesley Xenakis is just too repulsive, so I didn’t want to see you dragged down with him.” 
Upon hearing this, a gleam of something glinted in the eyes of Wesley’s wife as she inwardly hatched a plot. Then, she blurted, “If there’s nothing else, please excuse me, Mr. Norton. I’ve still got something to handle.” 
Huh? Is she truly this impatient to go and deal with Wesley Xenakis? Ah well, husband and wife are supposed to stick together through thick and thin like birds sharing a grove, yet when impending disaster strikes, both fly away to save their own lives! Anyway, you’re not at fault in this matter. If I were in your shoes, I would also choose to divorce Wesley Xenakis. After all, he betrayed his marriage vows by taking Regina as his mistress! 
“Sure. Go ahead if you’re busy. There’s no need to entertain me.” 
“In that case, please excuse me.” After saying that, she hastily left, leaving Fabian sitting in the private room alone. 
Fabian then lifted his cup of coffee and took a tiny sip before shaking his head. I hope you don’t blame me, Wesley Xenakis. If you want to assign blame, go and blame it on Regina for she shouldn’t have offended my wife!
###Chapter 1054
Chapter 1054 
As soon as Wesley’s wife stepped out of the café, she phoned the president of Hatchworks Enterprise. “Hello. Luka, I want to divorce Wesley Xenakis!” 
“Huh? What happened, Ysobel? Calm down and tell me all about it slowly,” the person on the other end of the phone urged in concern. 
The president of Hatchworks Enterprise, Luka Warren, was the brother of Ysobel Warren, Wesley’s wife. Their parents passed away when they were young, so they had to live on the streets. Later, Luka, who had an extraordinary vision, established Hatchworks Enterprise after making his first bucket of gold. And today, Hatchworks Enterprise was doing very well. While it wasn’t comparable with Fabian’s company, it still had quite a presence here in the city. 
“Luka, Wesley Xenakis actually has a mistress out there, and he’s spending our money on another woman!” Ysobel snarled resentfully. 
“Calm down first. How did you know that? And is there solid evidence?” Luka was also feeling extremely chagrined. He had felt that Wesley was mediocre in the first place, so if it weren’t for his sister, he wouldn’t have given him the position of vice president. And he has actually betrayed Ysobel now? Then, what right does he have to continue staying at Hatchworks Enterprise? 
“Luka, someone has given me the address of the villa he secretly bought and even photos of him with his mistress! How could it possibly be fake?” Even at this very moment, Ysobel felt humiliated. Despite living as a wealthy woman now, her mentality and principles were still very much conservative, so she could never accept her husband having a mistress. 
“Someone? Who gave you the information?” Suspicion slithered through Luka. Could it be that someone is deliberately making trouble and sowing discord in their relationship?
“Fabian Norton!” 
“What? Are you referring to Fabian Norton, the president of Phoenix Group?” Incredulity swamped Luka. Fabian Norton actually told Ysobel about such a thing? What could his motive be? 
“Yes, that’s exactly who I meant. Oh yes, hurry up and dismiss Wesley Xenakis. He seems to have been set up by Fabian. I don’t know the specifics, but he might cause the company significant losses,” Ysobel swiftly urged him as she abruptly recalled Fabian’s final remark earlier. 
Upon hearing this, Luka froze at once. After all, everyone in the industry had heard of Fabian Norton’s reputation. How the hell has Wesley offended him that he went as far as setting him up? Since he has acted, the consequences would definitely be disastrous! A while later, he stated indifferently, “He didn’t come to the office today. He’s probably at the villa you mentioned, so send me the location, and we’ll go over to catch him red-handed.” 
Fury had long since been blazing within Ysobel, so she readily agreed to his suggestion. “Alright, I’ll send it to you right away.” 
Meanwhile, Fabian went back to the hospital to visit Hannah after he was done with Ysobel. 
When Hannah noticed the glee on his face, she couldn’t resist asking, “What happened? Why are you so happy?” 
However, Fabian deliberately kept her in suspense and refused to tell her anything. He merely parted his lips a fraction and murmured with a smile, “Let’s go. I’ll treat you to a show.” 
At this, bafflement infused Hannah, and she was stumped. Why are we suddenly watching a show out of the blue? I’m not in my golden years, so I haven’t got the interest to do such a thing!
“Hah, I’m not interested! I’m not as boring as you. Besides, I don’t have the mental capacity to understand shows, so it’s far better for me to watch my romantic dramas here!” Disdain was written all over her face. How ridiculous! Shouldn’t he be handling company matters when he’s the president instead of watching opera shows that are more suited for old people? 
Fabian knew that she must have misunderstood him, but he didn’t mind it the slightest bit. Anyway, I did all that because of her! At this thought, he suddenly grabbed her wrist and started striding out. 
Inwardly, Hannah groused. What on earth is going on throughout this whole day? Isn’t this simply too forceful of him? In the morning, he forced me to drink chicken soup, and now, he’s dragging me to a show! What gives? Does he enjoy coercing people so much? 
“Haven’t you heard of the saying, ‘do unto others as you would have them do unto you,’ that has always been touted about?” Hannah huffily snapped. At the mere thought that she would have to watch people with heavy makeup singing and prancing about the stage, a wave of boredom assailed her. 
“Nope!” Fabian denied concisely. Then, he threatened coldly, “You know I abhor others defying me, and I don’t think I need to tell you the consequences of that.”
###Chapter 1055
Chapter 1055 
When Hannah heard that, she promptly clapped a hand over her mouth and dared not say a single word further. Of course, I know the consequences of defying you! After all, I’ve been punished for this reason more than once! 
Fabian smirked as he looked at Hannah, who had gone silent, seemingly gloating over his victory in this battle. After that, he said nothing at all. 
After getting into the car, he said to the driver, “Head to Wesley Xenakis’ villa.” 
Hannah had no idea that Regina was Wesley’s mistress, so she merely assumed that Wesley Xenakis was a friend of his. Inwardly, she mused. Hmm? Do all wealthy people have mature aesthetics that they all love watching shows? 
Nonetheless, she didn’t make a single sound in the car, merely waiting silently for them to arrive at their destination. As she gazed at the scenery outside the window that kept changing to paint different pictures, her thoughts inexorably drifted. 
Fabian has been really good to me recently. Could it be that he has fallen in love with me? In the next moment, she sighed softly and surmised. Perhaps that’s it! 
After everything that had happened in these two days, she realized that she had grown to love him. However, she felt that they weren’t suited for each other though she couldn’t quite pinpoint the specific reason. 
Screech! The screech of tires pierced the air, snapping Hannah back to reality as the car came to a stop. She stared at the exquisite villa in front of her. Then, she made to open the car door even as she inquired, “We’re here?”
“Yup,” Fabian replied nonchalantly with his gaze fixed outside the window. 
Click! Hannah swung open the car door. Just when she was about to climb out, Fabian grabbed her. “What are you doing?” 
“I’m going out to watch the show! Didn’t you say you’re bringing me here to show a show?” Skepticism showed on Hannah’s face. It was him who forcibly dragged me here, so why is he denying it now that we’re here? 
“We’ll be watching it in the car.” Fabian held her slender hand tightly, refusing to relinquish his hold on her. Yet, neither did he explain things further. 
“How are we going to watch it in the car? Are you playing me for a fool?” Hannah seethed in a fit of pique, feeling as though she had been tricked. 
At this precise moment, another two ear-piercing screeches split the air, and two Land Cruisers came to an abrupt stop. A formidable woman climbed out of the car, the rolls of fat at her stomach visibly jiggling with her movements. This was then followed by a burly and pudgy man climbing out of the other car. These two people were no other than Ysobel and Luka Warren. 
Out of the blue, a flicker of mirth flashed across Fabian’s face, and he inclined his head toward the sight beyond the window. “The show is just about to begin.” 
After rolling her eyes at him, Hannah shifted her gaze out the window, only to be greeted by the sight of several strapping men climbing out of the car with sledgehammers in their hands. Then, they marched up to the gate of the villa. Bang! They smashed the sledgehammers against the gate without an ounce of hesitation. 
Upon seeing this, Hannah’s jaw dropped open in shock. At the same time, understanding instantly dawned that the show Fabian mentioned wasn’t an opera at all.
With her eyes bulging, she stared out the window. As the huge sledgehammers rained down again and again, the gate of the villa was smashed in a matter of mere minutes. Right after that, the two people in the lead rushed in with the few strapping men. 
Fear struck Hannah, and she couldn’t help turning to look at Fabian. Strangely enough, Fabian was calm and unruffled as though he hadn’t seen everything that had transpired just now. 
“Why are you not doing anything, Fabian? Quick, lodge a police report! Didn’t you see that the group of people earlier had charged in? Or have you expected this and brought me here to watch this?” 
In response, Fabian shook his head and answered in exasperation, “Believe me or not, but the greatest fear of those people inside is to have someone witnessed this and lodged a police report.” 
“Huh? Why?” Hannah questioned, her curiosity piqued. 
“Just continue watching, and you’ll know.” Fabian naturally didn’t deign to explain anything to her. Just keep your eyes peeled since I said I’m bringing you here to watch a show. It won’t be interesting anymore if I were to reveal the plot! 
Although Hannah misunderstood his remarks at times, she still trusted him implicitly since he had always been a serious person. As she soundlessly kept her gaze out the window, she actually began anticipating the show that was about to unfold. 
However, five minutes then went past without any movement outside. Instead, the only thing out there were scraps of metals scattered all over the ground. 
In the end, Hannah’s patience reached the end of its rope. “When is the show going to start? I’m getting sleepy from all the waiting,” she snarked dubiously.
###Chapter 1056
Chapter 1056 
Meanwhile, Fabian’s eyes remained pinned on the gate that had been smashed open, afraid that he would miss something. At Hannah’s question, he lifted his hand and placed his finger against his lips. “Shh. The show is going to commence very soon.” 
After all, he timed it for a bit, and judging from the Warrens’ impatient nature, they would definitely throw Regina out the moment they found her. 
Before Fabian had even finished speaking, Hannah spotted someone being thrown out. In the next moment, she was entirely dumbfounded. What’s happening here? Isn’t that Regina? Why is she here? 
Subsequently, Ysobel stepped forward, her face twisted into a mask of rage. Her body swayed like an octopus with all its tentacles shooting outward even as she pointed a finger at Regina, who had fallen on her butt on the ground, and cursed her out. 
“You b*tch! You could have done anything at all, yet you just had to be a mistress! Did you not know what kind of person Wesley Xenakis is? Did you not know where his money comes from? Say, you’re truly shameless! How could you still spend that money with peace of mind?” 
As Ysobel spoke, she even kicked Regina twice with her plump legs. Such an intense bolt of pain lanced through Regina that she howled while wailing that she was sorry and apologizing fervently in hopes of assuaging Ysobel’s towering rage. 
At this time, a portly middle-aged man stumbled over. It was none other than Wesley, and behind him were Luka and the other men, making it apparent that they had shoved him out. 
The moment Regina, who was on the ground, caught sight of Wesley, a pleading look lit her eyes. And while there were traces of anguish in Wesley’s eyes, he said nary a word. He himself was in great
trouble now, so he had no way of helping Regina. 
“What’s the matter? You’re hoping that he’ll plead for mercy on your behalf? Do you think he’ll dare do that?” 
As Ysobel stared at Regina, who appeared pitiful, the fury within her blazed all the hotter. She simply couldn’t shake off the feeling that such a beautiful woman like Regina could only win a man’s favor by acting all coquettish. 
Thus, she again kicked her petite body twice, the excruciating pain making Regina’s entire body twitch with agony. In turn, this rendered her increasingly pitiful. 
At the side, Wesley timidly murmured, “Look, Ysobel, you’ve already hit her and condemned her, so why don’t you just let this matter go?” 
“Hmm? Why so? Are you feeling sorry for her? Why didn’t you feel such a way when you kept a mistress outside? Why didn’t you feel sorry for me when you lavished my money on another woman?” 
Upon hearing Wesley speaking up for Regina, Ysobel became increasingly enraged, especially when she noticed the branded clothes on her and the little villa she was currently occupying. Ah, what a luxurious life she’s been living! Never had Wesley Xenakis been this good to me! As this thought occurred to her, she stepped forward and gave her another two swift kicks to vent the resentment within her. 
As Hannah gazed at Regina, who was moaning in pain on the ground, a sliver of sympathy rose within her. She then tugged on the hem of Fabian’s shirt and muttered softly, “Isn’t this too much?” 
The moment she saw the few people coming out, she had already pieced the puzzle together. When Ysobel started raining kicks on Regina, she grew all the more certain of her assumption.
This plump woman is likely the lawful wife, while the middle-aged man is the one who’s keeping Regina as his mistress. Hmm… I remember Fabian saying that his name is Wesley Xenakis. As for the rest, they’re probably the help she brought along. 
All of a sudden, she recalled Fabian saying that he would be bringing her here to watch a show. 
So, had he known about this from the very beginning? Or was he the one who incited this whole incident? When he told the driver to head to Wesley Xenakis’ house, the driver knew the way clearly. Plus, a dramatic scene instantly played out. For that reason, I can say for sure that this matter has much to do with him! 
As Regina continuing wailing on the ground, Hannah couldn’t help shuddering in pity. After all, it was abundantly clear that Ysobel wasn’t pulling her punches when she kicked her. 
Looking at Fabian, who appeared and apathetic and unbothered at the side, she wanted to speak yet hesitated time and again. In the end, she could not hold back the words and blurted, “How about we go out and put a stop to it?” 
Inwardly, she contemplated, Even if he’s not involved in this matter, they’ll still give him quarter considering his reputation in the industry. 
However, how could Fabian possibly put an end to the show when it was him who had planned it meticulously? 
Without entertaining the thought of helping, Fabian glacially retorted, “Why should we poke our noses into this when it’s someone else’s family affair? Besides, why should I help Regina York? She isn’t all that good to you, is she?”
###Chapter 1057
Chapter 1057 
At Fabian’s remark, Hannah was left with no retort. He’s right. I’m just poking my nose into someone else’s affair. Regina is always picking on me in the office, and she’s so vicious that she even wanted to set me up shamelessly. If it weren’t for him, I can’t even imagine what I would be facing right now. 
Upon seeing that her expression seemed rather grim, Fabian lifted his arm and pulled her into his embrace. “It’s fine. This is just karma since she’s such a ruthless person,” he consoled gently. 
Meanwhile, Luka patted Ysobel on the shoulder and whispered, “Don’t take it so far. I’ve still got something to ask Wesley Xenakis.” 
Ysobel again cursed Regina out, only stopping when sweat dripped down her forehead. 
“Hmph! A b*tch like you should just walk the streets! How is this act of yours any different from prostituting yourself?” 
As she spoke, her face turned chilly. In the next instance, she snapped her head around to bark at Wesley, who was wearing a penitent expression, “Go into the villa! My brother has something to say to you!” 
After saying that, she again shot Regina, who was slumped on the ground, another glare. Then, she spun around and stalked toward the villa. 
When Wesley saw that they had all left, he quickly darted forward and helped Regina up. “I’m sorry about that, Regina,” he mumbled in embarrassment. 
Wesley had been rather good to Regina in the past few years she had been his mistress. He had no feelings for Ysobel, perchance due to her rigidity and stern temperament besides her unsightly looks. Plus, he had only married her because of Luka.
When he met Regina, it was as though he had found his chance at love. His interaction with her resembled that of a dating couple, giving her the best of everything and even accompanying her shopping from time to time. 
Despite Regina’s cruel streak, she still had a shred of conscience, so she burst into tears at his words. 
“Luka wants to see me, and I have a feeling that he wants to fire me. I might become a pauper in the future and can’t support you anymore,” Wesley admitted dejectedly. 
This struck Regina like a bolt of lightning. No more money? How am I to continue living the life I want? Who’ll be buying me branded handbags and giving me a credit card to swipe at will? 
But in the next moment, her eyes lit up as though having received a stay of execution. “Wesley, have you forgotten that we’ve duped Fabian Norton? It’s your signature on the document, so nobody can take it away from you. We still have money! There’s still hope!” 
Her exclamation jolted Wesley out of his stupor. That’s right! I duped Fabian Norton out of tens of millions, so it’s enough for me to live comfortably for the rest of my life! 
At this exact moment, a sharp voice rang out from the door of the villa. “Why are you not getting in here yet, Wesley Xenakis? Are you waiting for me to go and escort you in?” 
As the terrifying voice drifted into Regina’s ears, she shuddered in fear, making it obvious that she was traumatized by the beating earlier. 
When Wesley saw this, he gently comforted her, promising, “Don’t worry, Regina. I’ll divorce her. We’ll leave for someplace far away with the money. Call 911 first, and I’ll look for you later.” 
Regina let out a sigh as relief suffused her. All these years I’ve spent with Wesley Xenakis is finally bearing fruit!
“Ah well, we won’t be getting to watch the show any further, so let’s go.” A languid voice echoed in the car, and the speaker was none other than Fabian. 
At this, Hannah cast a final, pity-filled glance at Regina before heaving a sigh. 
Subsequently, Fabian drove Hannah back to the hospital, while he went to look for Terry. 
A while later, two people sat in a private room in a teahouse. “I think it’s about time, Terry. You can tighten the net now. Just phone Luka Warren and ask for the money. If he fires Wesley Xenakis, just ask Wesley for the money. If he can’t afford to pay… well, just take him to court and have him sentenced to life imprisonment,” Fabian drawled nonchalantly as he fiddled with the teacup in his hand. 
As Terry stared at the faint smile playing on Fabian’s lips, he was abruptly drenched in a cold sweat. So, he wants to doom him? At the same time, a question flashed across his mind. What exactly did Wesley Xenakis do to offend him? Ah well, never mind. After all, knowing too much won’t do me any good! 
In the next moment, he calmed himself down and replied, “Okay, I’ll have someone settle this in a while, so don’t worry.”
###Chapter 1058
Chapter 1058 
Fabian nodded in acknowledgment. “Alright, I’ll have to trouble you on this.” 
After having some small talk, he left and headed straight for the company while instructing the Department of Finance to make some adjustments on the corporate funds. 
Hannah looked intently at her own reflection in the mirror. The woman who stared back at her had rosy cheeks and healthy pink lips. Nobody would have guessed that she was still a patient. Stroking her silky hair effortlessly, she did not feel the least bit of pain on her arm. It seemed that she had fully recovered. 
I guess I’m fit to go back to work tomorrow. All of a sudden, Fabian’s figure popped up in front of her with intimidating hostility on his face. He yelled at her domineeringly, “No way! You should continue to stay here and get ample rest!” 
Hannah refuted in frustration, “You can’t stop me! I want to get back to work. I’ve recovered, and there’s nothing that I can do here. If I continue to stay here, I will really fall ill again because of extreme boredom.” 
Sensing something awry, she stiffened abruptly. Wait a minute! Fabian had gone to the office, hadn’t he? Then it doesn’t make sense for him to appear in front of me now. 
Taking a closer look at the mirror, she noticed that there was only her own reflection. Fabian was nowhere in sight. Massaging her temples, her cheeks were flushed red in embarrassment. Pouting her lips, she grumbled to herself, “Fabian, you’re really something. Why do you keep appearing in my mind?”
Snippets of the dramatic moments which Fabian dragged her to witness a while ago flashed across her mind. Her instinct told her that Fabian was actually the one manipulating everything behind. She could not believe that it was merely a coincidence for the affair between Wesley and Regina to be unveiled right after her scuffle with Regina previously. 
He actually intended to avenge me by setting them up? In that case, I had indirectly become the culprit who caused Regina to be in the soup! 
She was overcome by a sense of guilt momentarily before she shook her head again. Why do I need to be feeling guilty? I didn’t do anything wrong. Regina only has herself to blame as she has to pay the price for what she has done. 
The next moment, she took out her phone and tapped on a photo from the photo gallery. After zooming in, she flicked the phone screen lightly as she gazed at the photo. 
Fabian, I know that you’re actually very concerned about me and are just pretending to treat me indifferently. I really don’t understand why you’re acting cool like that. Don’t you think that it’s better to be your true self in front of me? 
The man in the photo was Fabian. He had forced Hannah to take this photo of him earlier when they had only known each other for quite a short while. Apart from that, he requested her to set it as her phone wallpaper. 
Intimidated by his domineeringness at that time, she did not dare to reject him. Later, when she noticed that Fabian had forgotten about that himself, she secretly changed it to another wallpaper. But somehow, she did not delete the photo from her phone. 
She gazed at the man in the photo, then switched to look at her own reflection in the mirror and mumbled, “We look just like a perfect match for each other. Don’t you think so?”
Knitting her brows, she twitched her lips and flicked on Fabian’s forehead in the photo. Mimicking his tone, she raised her voice and asked, “Why are you silent? Don’t you know that nobody dares to go against my will? Do you think you can challenge me?” 
Putting her hands on her hips, she glared at the man in the photo. After a while, she could not hold back any longer and covered her mouth as she started to giggle. 
In the meantime, Fabian was scribbling something on a copy of the document attentively. At that very moment, he was totally different from his frivolous self when spending time with Hannah. Not long after that, he put down his pencil for a short break and took a sip of coffee. Then, he heaved a sigh of relief. 
Thud! Thud! Thud! Someone knocked lightly on the door. 
Fabian raised his head slightly and replied, “Come in.” 
His voice was not really loud, yet it was audible by the person outside the door. 
“Mr. Norton, Ms. Tanner has waited for you outside for more than half an hour. Do you think you can spare some time to meet her?” his assistant asked tactfully, fearing that she would be fired instantly if Fabian was infuriated again. 
Fabian nodded and replied as his mouth curved into a smile, “Alright. Tell her that I will go down in a while.” He was immersed in going through the documents a while ago and had unintentionally forgotten about Yvette. Unexpectedly, she was still waiting for him. 
As Fabian’s assistant approached Yvette, she asked hastily, “How is it? How long will it take for Mr. Norton to come down?”
###Chapter 1059
Chapter 1059 
“Mr. Norton asked me to inform you that he’s coming down in a while.” 
Yvette massaged her waist, which started to feel sore after remaining seated for quite some time, and let out a deep breath. Finally, he’s coming down to see me! It’s worth the wait. She turned to look at her assistant seated beside her and said, “Just wait here for Mr. Norton to come down. I need to touch up my makeup in the washroom.” 
She then strutted toward the washroom in her high heels without hesitation. Later, when putting on some mascara, she heard two women gossiping about Fabian. Out of curiosity, she stopped and pricked up her ears to eavesdrop on their conversation. 
“Do you know there’s a rumor about Mr. Norton being really close with a woman called Hannah Young at the moment?” 
“Huh? I’ve no idea about that. I only know that everyone is excited about Mr. Norton being in a relationship with the artiste, Yvette Tanner. We expect that they will tie the knot soon!” 
Yvette was over the moon when she heard the woman’s comment. All of a sudden, it felt like nothing – not even that Hannah – would spoil her day. 
“Do you think it’s possible? It is undeniable that Yvette is a gorgeous woman, yet she is just an actress. I don’t think a prestigious family like the Nortons will easily accept an actress as the spouse of their young heir. Hence, chances of her becoming a member of the Nortons are very slim.” 
“How about the one you mentioned earlier? Is Hannah Young an heiress from any of the prestigious family?”
“She’s not from a prominent family. I heard she is just a journalist. If I’m not mistaken, Mr. Norton had accepted her exclusive interview previously. He not only spared time to fetch her from her office that day but also gave her a big bouquet of roses. I notice that Mr. Norton has never treated any other women so caringly all this while. Therefore, I feel that there’s a bigger possibility for both of them to get married.” 
Yvette’s face turned grim instantly as she enunciated Hannah’s name with gritted teeth. In a split second, a look of abhorrence appeared in her eyes. 
Hannah Young, you really are a shameless b*tch! How dare you seduce my man. All this while, Fabian was always known as a playboy in showbiz, but he seems to have better self-control lately because of me. Everyone knows we are a perfect match for each other. Yet you have to come and mess things up! 
Anyway, I would not follow in that foolish Regina’s footsteps by having a dispute with you right away. If I do so, my image would be tarnished! 
Yvette managed to cool her head off in a while and gave herself a confident smile. Just wait and see! I’ll never be defeated by you, Hannah Young! 
The moment she stepped out of the washroom, Fabian was already waiting for her with his assistant at the entrance. 
Quickening her pace, Yvette said cloyingly, “Fabian, you’re here!” 
Fabian turned and smiled at her. “Yeah. I was going through some documents just now. Sorry to keep you waiting.” 
Shaking her head, Yvette replied coyly, “It doesn’t matter. As long as you’re willing to see me, I don’t mind to keep waiting for you.”
Fabian chuckled dryly and asked, “Anyway, why are you here? Do you have something to discuss with me?” 
“I kinda miss you, so I thought of asking you out for a meal,” Yvette said coquettishly as she held onto Fabian’s arm. 
After pondering for a while, Fabian decided not to turn her down. He replied immediately, “Let’s go. What do you feel like having?” 
Batting her eyelashes, she replied sweetly, “As long as I’m with you, anything is fine for me.” 
Upon hearing her words, Fabian could not help letting out a silent sigh. Hannah, how nice if you are as understanding and obedient as Yvette! 
Following that, both of them stepped out of the building together. Yvette also sent her assistant off, as she would like to spend some private time with Fabian. 
There was pin-drop silence in the car. Fabian was staring out of the window in silence as his mind sank into contemplation. Yvette was seated aside, feeling bored and shy at the same time. After a while, she broke the silence by asking softly, “Fabian, what are you busy with recently? I went to look for you a few times, yet you were not at the office.” 
“I’m occupied with the business operations these two days,” Fabian recollected himself and replied placidly. 
“I see.” At the sight of Fabian’s indifference, Yvette was disappointed and felt dejected like a deflated balloon. 
At the same time, Fabian’s phone buzzed, and he took it out slowly. The moment he saw the name blinking on the screen, his eyes lit up.
“Hello?” Fabian’s lips curved into a smile. 
Upon seeing Fabian’s face lit up, Yvette furrowed her brows as she realized that the caller must be no ordinary person to him. Instantly, she felt threatened as the caller had triggered an alarm within her. Perking up her ears, she tried to catch what they were talking about.
###Chapter 1060
Chapter 1060 
She could only hear faint sounds from the other side of the phone. Apparently, it was a woman grumbling about her food. 
The smile on Fabian’s face widened as he listened. 
He was wondering why Hannah called him out of a sudden. Ah… Is she purposely calling me just to grumble about the chicken soup? Looks like I have been too lenient with her lately to the point that she is much more daring now! Hmm… I guess it’s time to be stricter on her. 
Pretending to be stern, he warned, “Hannah Young, if you dare say anything further, I’ll force you to drink chicken soup every day!” 
The moment Yvette heard Hannah’s name, her frown deepened into a scowl. I knew it! This thick- skinned slut even dares to seduce my man at this hour and with me right beside him! Ugh… the nerve! Hannah Young, you think too highly of yourself! What makes you think that you are worthy enough to be with Fabian? 
On the other side of the phone, Hannah’s smile froze. As a wave of fury surged within her, she almost bellowed and reprimanded Fabian. However, she did not dare and could only try to hold back. Trembling in anger, she yelled, “Fabian, don’t you dare bully me!” 
“Huh? It sounds to me like you do love chicken soup,” Patting his knee rhythmically, Fabian said mockingly at her. 
At the thought of forcing herself to swallow chicken soup every day, Hannah softened at once and wailed, “Mr. Norton, I’m sorry. Please let me off!”
“You’d better spare some time to think of how to please me. I might just let you off if you manage to cheer me up.” Fabian hung up straight away and stopped his rhythmic patting on his knee as well. 
Hannah was trying to persuade Fabian to change his mind, yet she was stunned that he had actually hung up on her. Rolling her eyes, she grimaced and rebuked Fabian, “Hmph! Aside from forcing me to swallow the disgusting chicken soup, you’re asking me to butter you up again. I’m an assertive modern woman and won’t easily give in to everything!” 
Needless to say, Hannah was just grumbling to unleash her own frustration. Deep in her heart, she understood that she must not inflame Fabian. My goodness! He sounded a bit enraged just now. How am I supposed to appease him? No way! I’m not going to drink that every day! I must think of a way to please him by all means! 
I don’t think he was joking earlier either. He seemed to really mean it. 
On the other hand, Yvette was scheming about how she could let Fabian fall head over heels for her. 
Leaning closer to Fabian gradually, she wrapped her hands around Fabian’s neck and said coquettishly, “Fabian, we have not met each other for such a long time. Don’t you miss me?” 
Being a womanizer, Fabian never pushed away any chances to flirt with women who approached him. Grabbing hold of Yvette’s waist spontaneously, he caressed and pinched her sensitive spots lightly. “I told you that I was busy these two days, didn’t I?” 
Putting aside her usual elegance as an artiste, Yvette was behaving exactly like a woman with no sense of shame at that moment. She deliberately let out hot breath from her luscious red lips against his neck. Putting on a promiscuous look, she moaned seductively by his ear in order to arouse him. 
“I really miss you so much these two days till I have sleepless nights and lose my appetite. You bad, bad man. You shouldn’t forget about me even when you’re occupied.”
Fabian scoffed silently in his heart. Sleepless nights and losing your appetite? Isn’t this a bit much? Are you sure you still have the energy to put on such a saccharine show if you haven’t eaten for two days? Nonetheless, he instinctively coaxed her, “I’m terribly sorry for that. I shouldn’t have neglected you for these few days.” 
Leaning in closer to Yvette, he kissed her hard on those lustrous lips. Totally different from Hannah, Yvette was more than willing to kiss him back passionately and luring him in with her great techniques. 
Fabian recalled how he was feeling discouraged by Hannah’s reluctance and resistance whenever he kissed her. As a result, Yvette’s passionate kiss and seductive body language had easily triggered his desire to go further. 
Yvette stiffened and looked at Fabian quizzically when he stopped kissing her all of a sudden. 
“Head straight to the hotel.” 
Upon hearing his words, Yvette’s eyes glistened with delight. Her face flushed red as she gazed at him affectionately. 
Hannah Young, who? Excuse me, my great charm and skills are irresistible to Fabian. You can never beat me! Looking at Fabian’s blazing eyes with desire, Yvette was even more confident in herself. Indeed, no man can resist my great charm! 
The moment Fabian stepped into the hotel with Yvette, her captivating look stole the limelight at once.
###Chapter 1061
Chapter 1061 
Her long, black silky hair flowed naturally, ending at the small of her back; her hourglass figure was perfectly wrapped in a bodycon dress. Wearing a pair of pearly white heels, her slender legs looked exceptionally appealing. Shielded by a pair of stylish shades, her delicate face exuded a dazzling and mysterious charm. 
“Look at the couple over there with stunning good looks! They are really a match made in heaven!” A couple gaped at them and commented enviously. 
Yvette was on cloud nine while hearing that, so she tightened her grip on Fabian’s hand. Nevertheless, Fabian did not bother about how others commented on them. He could barely wait any longer to indulge himself in a steamy session with her. 
At the sight of Fabian’s urgency while he was checking in at the reception counter, Yvette’s smile widened as she mocked Hannah in her heart. Hannah Young, all men are the same. You would have to be able to lure them, get it? Just look at how quickly Fabian falls into my grasp. Do you think he will still think of you at this moment? Hah! At the end of the day, skills still matter as it’s not something that you can master at once. You silly girl, there’s still a lot for you to catch up on! 
In Yvette’s eyes, Hannah could not compete with her at all. She was pretty sure that Hannah would never be able to win Fabian’s heart as long as she was alongside the man. 
Once they were in the hotel room, Fabian pinned her roughly on the bed and planted kisses constantly on her neck. She instinctively stopped him, “Not there. The hickeys will be too obvious.” 
On the instant, Fabian paused with a glint of displeasure in his eyes and snapped, “You know that I dislike others to go against my will, don’t you?”
Yvette pacified him by apologizing immediately, “Fabian, I’m sorry. Forget about what I’ve just mentioned.” 
Fearing of enraging the hot-tempered man again, she could only suppress her own displeasure. After all, she knew well about his temperament. He was not just treating her like that. Such a domineering man like Fabian would never be considerate of anyone. 
After a steamy intimate session, Yvette sprawled coyly on Fabian’s chest. 
Meanwhile, Fabian was scrolling the social media page aimlessly on his phone. His finger stiffened momentarily as something caught his eye. It was a post by Hannah, saying that she was feeling lonely and bored. He sat up from the bed at once after reading it. 
Taken aback by Fabian’s abrupt movement, Yvette asked in bewilderment, “Fabian, what’s the matter? You gave me a scare!” 
“It’s nothing actually. I just suddenly recall that I have to attend to some urgent matters. You must be hungry, right? Go down and get something to eat before you leave. I need to make a move first,” Fabian replied casually as he started to put on his clothes. 
“Alright,” Yvette answered disappointedly. As something came into her mind, a glint of profound coldness flashed across her eyes. What is so urgent that he has to leave hastily at this hour! It’s midnight now! I’m sure it’s related to that slut again! Hannah Young, it looks like I have underestimated you! 
After getting dressed, Fabian gestured to Yvette and left at once. As soon as he left, Yvette called her assistant and instructed coldly, “I want you to investigate Hannah Young, the journalist who had an exclusive interview with Fabian recently. Don’t forget to find out everything that happened between the two of them for the past two days.”
When Fabian was back at the hospital, he found that the door of the ward was locked. He then asked the nurse to unlock it with the spare key. 
The light in the room was still on. He knew that Hannah did not have the courage to sleep in the dark at night. Hence, she had the habit of leaving the lights on the whole night. Tiptoeing into the room, Fabian tried his best not to make any sounds so as not to wake her up. 
He stopped in front of her bed and looked intently at the woman who was lying on her side on the bed. She looked so demure in her fancy thin pajamas. Right then, he could even smell the faint fragrance of the shampoo she used earlier. 
Squinting his eyes, he noticed a tiny bulge popping up in between her chest due to the crease of her pajamas. Pressing it lightly with his fingertip, the section of the pajamas caved in instantaneously. Since she did not react at all, it indicated that she was sleeping soundly. 
Pulling over a chair, Fabian sat on it and continued to look at her silently. 
“Fabian Norton, you’re really a jerk! I want you to drink the chicken soup too! You’re not allowed to sleep unless you have swallowed every single drop from the pot!” Fabian’s brows furrowed as Hannah yelled abruptly. Nonetheless, the crease in his forehead was smoothened when he discovered that Hannah was still lying motionless on the bed with her eyes tightly shut. 
This woman is apparently sleep talking. Hannah, Hannah… I’d never expected that you’ll loath me that much for asking you to drink some chicken soup. You’re even complaining non-stop in your sleep just because of that?
###Chapter 1062
Chapter 1062 
He did not how traumatized Hannah was when she finished the whole jar of chicken soup. Thus, she ended up hating it. That was why she could not resist grumbling about it. 
A jerk? That’s how you think of me all this while! How sad! I have stood up for you and put so much effort into taking vengeance on behalf of you. Yet it means nothing to you? Looks like I’m just wasting my effort and precious time! 
He let out a sigh in disappointment and got up again. 
When he was about to step out of the ward, Hannah yelled again, “Fabian, don’t go! Don’t leave me alone here. I’m really scared!” 
Fabian turned to look at Hannah again. Shaking his head, he walked toward her bed and mumbled, “You’re the one who begged me not to leave. I hope you don’t forget about this tomorrow and blame me for that.” 
Without hesitation, he took off his clothes and lay next to Hannah in the bed. 
He leaned closer to Hannah and whispered next to her ear, “This is the first time you’ve requested me to stay the night with you.” 
Hannah’s shoulder shuddered instinctively as she sensed his hot breath against her sensitive ear. Grumbling impulsively, she turned to face Fabian and continued to sleep soundly. 
Gazing lovingly at Hannah, Fabian found that she looked exceptionally charming when she was sleeping. It was as if she was Sleeping Beauty, who happened to be shrouded by a mysterious veil of soft glow. Stretching out his hand, his long fingers stroked her delicate cheeks gently as he whispered casually, “I just realize that you have the most flawless and smooth skin.”
As he continued to gaze at her silently, he was gradually overcome by a sense of sleepiness and had drifted off to sleep. 
Both of them ended up spending a peaceful night on the same bed in the ward. 
The next morning, Hannah came to her senses when the warm sun shone onto her through the window of the ward. Stretching her body instinctively, she was startled to find that she was unable to lift her left arm. She turned and was stupefied to see a man’s naked chest pressed against it. Pulling her arm away at once, she jumped down the bed and yelled, “Help! A pervert! There’s a pervert in my room!” 
She covered Fabian’s head with the blanket and bashed him hard with the pillow. 
Hannah’s high-pitched volume woke Fabian up at once. A sudden, uncontrollable fury rose in him. As he was about to lash out in anger, he realized that his head was wrapped by the blanket. Hence, he yanked the blanket and tossed it away furiously. His eyes widened the moment Hannah continued hitting him with the pillow. Grabbing it swiftly, he growled at her, “What’s the matter with you? Have you gone nuts?” 
“I-I thought you’re a pervert,” Hannah stammered guiltily the moment she discovered that the man turned out to be Fabian. 
Keeping her fingers crossed, she hoped that the arrogant man would not be further angered. 
With a grim look, Fabian replied scornfully, “If I were a pervert, do you think you can still stand here unharmed?” 
Hannah realized something and asked him, “If you’re not a pervert, then why are you sleeping beside me?” She looked at Fabian disdainfully. 
How dare he tried to harass me when I was asleep!
“I knew that you would say so. If you hadn’t begged me to stay last night, I would’ve left long ago.” Fabian’s rage was gradually eased as he was feeling amused with the sudden change in Hannah’s expression. 
Hmph! I begged you? Liar! Don’t you know that I had a good sleep when you were not around? 
Lifting her head, Hannah glared at Fabian with her lips pouted and snorted at him. 
Knowing what was playing in her mind, Fabian could not help feeling amused with Hannah’s body language. This woman is undoubtedly overconfident. She never fails to think that I’m looking for opportunities to take advantage of her! 
Anyway, he was pretty sure that sooner or later Hannah would fall for him, just like how all the other women were attracted to him. 
Hannah headed straight for the washroom and had a quick wash. She had made the decision to be back to work at once, as she could not stay at the hospital any longer. 
After a while, Fabian took his turn to have a quick wash as well and called for breakfast to be delivered to them. Heaving a satisfying sigh, Hannah was thankful that she could have milk instead of that dreadful chicken soup. 
While Fabian was savoring his eggs, Hannah looked at him and said warily, “It seems that I have recovered, so I feel like getting back to work today.” 
With her fists tightly clenched, she bent her arms to convince Fabian that she was fit to be back to work.
###Chapter 1063
Chapter 1063 
Fabian chuckled lightly as he observed Hannah’s silly antics. What is she thinking? 
“You can go if you want to.” 
Hannah couldn’t believe her ears. In her opinion, Fabian was always making her do things against her will. 
“Ok.” Hannah was elated. Even though she would be overwhelmed with work at times, she found fulfillment at work. 
She felt like she was turning into Regina, who would spend her days doing nothing and had to rely on her husband for money, after resting at home for two days. 
Hannah finished up her breakfast and was about to head out when Fabian spoke up. “How about I get someone to send you to work?” 
Hearing that, Hannah shook her head. A lot of her colleagues had been gossiping about her relationship with Fabian ever since the incident. Hence, she had no desire to become a hot topic even though she didn’t mind the nasty rumors. 
She shuddered at the thought of being regarded with outright hostility from millions of fangirls. “I’ll just take a cab.” 
A gentle breeze blew on Hannah’s face as she rode in the cab with the window slightly open, her bangs fluttering in the wind. She stared fixedly out of the window. 
She didn’t know whether to consider herself lucky that Fabian became the president of Phoenix Group at such a young age and made a name for himself in the industry or not.
More importantly, his ethereal look made him the dream man of many women out there. With a wave of his hand, girls would flock to his side. And yet, he married her. 
Does he really love me? 
I don’t think so. At least not when they were getting registered for marriage. Fabian didn’t love her. As for now, she didn’t know what his answer would be. 
She soon arrived at her office building. Hannah looked up at the building and exclaimed excitedly, “I’m back!” 
Then, she checked the time and saw that there were five minutes left to clock in. 
I should be able to make it today and get paid. 
Even though she was married to Fabian and would receive some pocket money from him every month, she had never spent a single cent of it. Her reason being she didn’t need a man to take care of her since she was capable of earning a living. 
Hannah quickly strode towards the elevator and reached out just as the elevator doors were closing because missing this elevator would mean missing her pay for today. The moment the door opened, she breathed a sigh of relief, happy that she had made it just in time. 
She then bowed in apology to everyone in the elevator before getting in. After pressing the elevator button for her office’s floor, she stood by the door, planning to dash out the moment she reached her floor to clock in. 
Nevertheless, the reality was often disappointing. She bumped into someone when she rushed out of the elevator. “I’m sorry,” she apologized.
However, the other party was a little angry as she ignored Hannah’s apology and spoke in a mean tone. “Hey, watch where you’re going!” 
Hannah’s head snapped up when she heard the familiar voice and saw that it was Yvette. 
At the same time, Yvette looked up and frowned when she saw that it was Hannah. Her assistant said in frustration, “You again! What a jinx. Nothing good ever happens around you.” 
Hannah found the female assistant funny and shrugged nonchalantly. “I feel the same way about you too.” 
Upon that, the assistant flew into a rage. “W-What did you say?” 
Hannah rolled her eyes at the female assistant and was about to leave. 
“Wait.” Hannah paused and checked her wristwatch. Two minutes left before I bid goodbye to my pay for today!
###Chapter 1064
Chapter 1064 
It was Yvette. She gave Hannah a solemn look, instructed her assistant to wait for her downstairs, and narrowed her eyes. “We need to talk.” 
Talk? We have nothing to talk about. I don’t have so much time to spend. I still want to get paid today. Hannah thought to herself. 
“Sorry, but I need to work. We can talk next time when I’m .” Hannah rejected Yvette politely. She was about to turn around and leave when she felt a sharp pain in her wrist. Yvette had grabbed hold of her. 
“Hannah, you don’t want me to do this the hard way. I’ve already treated you with due respect, so what else do you want?” Yvette frowned and said coldly. 
Hannah thought Yvette was being downright unreasonable at that moment. How dare you? Do you think everyone else has as much time as you do? I guess I won’t hold back since you’re so rude to me. 
At that, Hannah flung Yvette’s arm away fiercely. “Hah, what do you want?” 
Yvette’s eyes were full of hatred towards Hannah as if she had done her wrong. “Hmph. Don’t you know what you’ve done?” 
Are you crazy? What did I ever do to you? Hannah felt that Yvette was trying to pick a fight. 
She tried to control her temper as much as she could and replied with a smile. “Ok, Ms. Tanner. I’m in a rush right now. We can talk about whatever is concerning you after work, ok?” 
However, Yvette thought that Hannah was just trying to shy away from the situation, so she wouldn’t let the latter go. She puffed up her chest and spoke haughtily. “Why? Are you in a hurry to escape after being exposed? Have you ever thought of the consequences when you did it?”
Beep beep beep. Hannah looked in the direction of the sound and saw a colleague walking past the punch card machine dejectedly. Argh… Sh*t! Guess I won’t be able to clock in anymore today. 
At once, Hannah flew into a rage, turned around, glared at Yvette, and bellowed, “Yvette, what exactly do you want? Can you please get straight to the point, and stop beating around the bush? Don’t you think that’s annoying?” 
Yvette’s lips quivered in rage. Who does Hannah think she is? How dare she speak to me that way? 
“Hannah, I was about to ask you the same question myself. I know what you’ve done. You’re not worthy of Fabian.” 
Fabian? Fabian? So that’s why Yvette looks so jealous when she saw me. It’s all because of him. 
“I have nothing to do with Fabian. I’m just a journalist who did an exclusive interview with him. You have nothing to worry about even though you’re not as pretty as me.” 
Yvette sent someone over to investigate after Fabian left yesterday. She was furious when she found out what had happened between the two. Fabian wasn’t busy with work for the past two days, he was simply spending time with Hannah. 
She found Hannah to be a threat since she thought herself to be Fabian’s rightful wife and naturally hated her. 
“Don’t think I’m not aware of your schemes. You’re planning to marry into a wealthy family and climb the social ladder. I’m telling you, this is just your wishful thinking. I suggest that you know your place as a journalist and stop seducing Fabian.” 
Hannah thought Yvette was being unreasonable and compared her to a crazy woman. The pleasant demeanor she displayed on-screen was nowhere to be found.
“Ms. Tanner, don’t you think you’re making a joke out of yourself as a public figure? I think you should be the one to know your place. You have nothing to do with Mr. Norton. Don’t you feel embarrassed calling Mr. Norton by his name? Moreover, I’ve already mentioned that I have nothing to do with Mr. Norton. And even if I do, it has nothing to do with you. I hope you will leave me alone in the future.” 
Hannah then ignored Yvette’s screams, turned around, and head to her office.
###Chapter 1065
Chapter 1065 
Seeing that Hannah had left, Yvette stomped her foot, cursed, and left. 
Meanwhile, Hannah ran into Ms. Jenson the moment she walked into the office. Ms. Jenson was delighted to see her. “You’re back. Are you feeling okay?” 
Hannah nodded and replied with a smile, “Yes, I’m feeling much better now.” 
“You came just at the right moment. I was stressing over the interview since the interviewee specifically asked for you. I’ll leave it to you then.” 
Ms. Jenson paused and said, “But you’re really our group’s lucky totem. Our magazines became best sellers all thanks to you. Not only did you manage to land an interview with the president of Phoenix Group, but also brought some side benefits along with the interview.” 
Hannah felt much better after receiving compliments from Ms. Jenson. However, she was puzzled as to who had specifically asked for her for the interview. Is it Fabian? 
“Happy to help, Ms. Jenson. Who will I be interviewing?” 
“Oh, speaking of that, you’ve earned it. After your interview with Fabian, Yvette, the female celebrity who’s close to him, specifically came over and provided us an opportunity to do an exclusive interview with her. I will send you the details in a bit. You can take a look later.” Ms. Jenson was all smiles as she explained the interview to Hannah. 
Hannah’s face fell when she heard that it was Yvette. However, she was placed in a tight spot because she knew Ms. Jenson wouldn’t take no for an answer, just like the exclusive interview she did with Fabian the last time.
Ms. Jenson had also noticed something was amiss with Hannah, but simply thought she was still feeling unwell. 
“You don’t look too good. How about this? You can go home and get some good rest for the rest of the afternoon and head to Yvette’s new drama’s press conference tomorrow.” 
Hannah smiled bitterly and nodded. 
She then returned to her office, leaned back in her chair, and started to look through the questions she will be asking Yvette tomorrow. However, she couldn’t focus no matter what. She put the document away after two minutes and started to spin her pen carelessly. 
You’re quite impressive, Fabian. Yvette came over and made a scene all because of you, but I still need to do an exclusive interview with her. What is the meaning of this? What do you think I should do? Ugh… honestly, she can have you for all I care. You treat her better than me anyway. 
Hannah suddenly recalled she once asked Fabian if he was planning to marry Yvette during the exclusive interview. He answered that it was up to Yvette to decide. 
Now that Yvette had made herself very clear; she wanted to marry into the Norton family and become Mrs. Norton. So Fabian, are you really going to divorce me and marry her instead? 
Hannah suddenly felt like a sore thumb. For a moment there, she felt it best to back out of the relationship. 
However, she quickly shook her head. Hmph! Why should I back down? You’ll forever be his mistress if I don’t back down. Hannah’s confidence grew upon the thought. 
She came back to her senses and sighed, “Don’t overthink things!”
On the other hand, Fabian was reading the newspaper as he sipped on his coffee. He smiled in delight after reading the news. 
Vice president of Hatchworks Enterprise’s private life a mess. He abused his power and signed a contract involving huge sums of money, but justice always prevails. Mr. Xenakis will be spending the rest of his life in prison. These words were written in big red letters on the news headline. 
Hah. I told you not to mess with me. How dare you try to dupe me, you fool… But I wonder what happens to Regina. 
Fabian dialed a number on his phone. 
“Hello, I saw the news about Wesley. He will be sentenced for life, but what happens to Regina?” Regina was the one who messed around with Hannah. She mustn’t be left unpunished for Hannah’s sake.”
###Chapter 1066
Chapter 1066 
“Regina? She received a 20-year sentence for encouraging Wesley in his crime. I understand what you’re saying, I’ve already spread the word. No one will dare drag her into the matter anymore after this. I guarantee it.” 
Fabian smiled sinisterly. “They should have known better than to mess with my wife.” 
In the meantime, Hannah was massaging her temples at her office, feeling lethargic. She thought she would freshen herself up in the washroom. Just as she walked out of her office, she saw a few people sitting around in small groups deep in discussion. 
Hannah was used to it by now. After all, their magazine company relied heavily on gossip for business. Hence, it made sense for the employees to be well-informed on recent happenings. She used to gossip around with her colleagues all the time in the past as well. 
Walking out, Hannah smiled politely when she passed them by. But they immediately quietened down when they saw Hannah. 
Startled by their response, Hannah was rendered speechless. The entire office became so quiet one could even hear a pin drop just because she came over. Am I that scary? Or did I do something wrong? 
Hannah walked into the washroom, looked at herself in the mirror, but couldn’t come up with anything. She washed her face, dried it with a paper towel, and listened in secret to the conversation outside. 
“Is it true what you said just now?” 
“Of course. I heard it from an insider. Wesley Xenakis will be sentenced for life while Regina York will be facing a 20-year sentence.”
“I’m not talking about that. I mean, are you sure Hannah’s the one behind all this? She doesn’t look the type. How could she be so cruel?” 
“Oh no, I never said it was Hannah. She wouldn’t have the capabilities to do it even if she wanted to. I heard it’s all Fabian’s doing, but I feel like Hannah has everything to do with it. Just think about it – why would the president of Phoenix Group get Wesley and Regina into trouble if not for Hannah?” 
Immense shock gripped Hannah. Sentenced for life? Twenty years? She had a feeling it was all Fabian’s doing. Although he did it for her sake, it was too cruel. 
Hannah panted for breath in the washroom, trying to calm herself down. No wonder everyone quietened down when they saw her. They must be afraid of her. 
She wasn’t in the mood to look through the interview questions with Yvette anymore for the rest of the morning. 
After work, Hannah dialed Fabian’s number to confirm if he was the one behind all this. However, he told her he wouldn’t be coming home for lunch and asked her to take good care of herself before hanging up hastily. 
Back home, Hannah lay on the sofa and watched some series half-heartedly after lunch. 
Meanwhile, Fabian worked till late at night. He checked his phone and saw a few missed calls from Yvette. Well, well, Hannah. Shouldn’t you at least give your husband a call? 
Fabian returned Yvette’s call on the way back. “What’s up?” 
“Fabian, why didn’t you pick up when I called? Were you busy? You should take good care of your body no matter what.” Yvette’s voice was laced with concern.
Fabian shook his head bitterly and sighed. It would be great if the concern came from Hannah. But it was never going to happen, not even if she cared. 
“I’m fine. What’s up? Please go straight to the point.” 
Yvette felt a little bit upset upon hearing his words. “Oh, nothing much. I just wanted to remind you that my new drama’s press conference will be tomorrow. As an investor, you should attend.” 
“Ok, got it. I’ll be there tomorrow.” Fabian was wondering if Hannah was waiting for him to return for dinner.
###Chapter 1067
Chapter 1067 
“Ok, take good care of yourself then.” Yvette could feel Fabian’s impatience towards her. Thus, she figured something was probably bothering him and hung up the call. 
Fabian soon reached home and found Hannah sleeping on the sofa. He couldn’t help but frown. Why is she sleeping here? Could it be that she’s waiting for me to come home? 
With a sigh, Fabian brushed his hand over Hannah’s body, carried her up bridal style to the bedroom, and placed her on the bed. “Have you been eating too much recently? You feel a lot heavier than before.” 
You’re the one who ate too much! Hannah cursed silently. Your body must be growing weak from hanging out all the time. How dare you call me fat? 
As a matter of fact, Hannah was already awake the moment Fabian carried her up. She just pretended to be asleep. 
After some time, Hannah walked out of the room barefoot to check on Fabian since he didn’t come back in. 
She realized that Fabian was having dinner elegantly at the dinner table. 
“You’re back?” Hannah asked. 
Fabian gave her a look and continued eating. Duh. Do I look like a ghost to you? 
Hannah realized it was a dumb question and scratched her head awkwardly. “Um… when did you come back?”
Upon that, Fabian rolled his eyes and placed his fork down. “Can’t you ask better questions? Like, are we doing it tonight? Don’t you see that I’m still having dinner? It’s obvious I just came home, right?” 
Hannah’s face turned crimson upon Fabian’s words. She was at a loss for words. 
Fabian sighed in despair when he saw Hannah rooted to the ground. Why did I marry this idiot in the first place? 
“What are you standing around for? Go take a bath if you have nothing better to do so you can serve me in bed later.” 
With that, Hannah replied instinctively, “Ok.” 
She quickly realized what she had agreed to and waved her hands. “You never said I need to serve you in bed.” 
Fabian smiled wickedly. “You never said you wouldn’t.” 
Hannah opened her mouth in rage and stuttered, “I-I’m n-not going to do it.” 
Immediately, Fabian stood up and said in a provocative tone. “Why? Are you sure you want me to do it by force?” 
Hannah was rendered speechless by his response. I’m the one who has to bear all the consequences whenever he forces me into something. 
“Hurry up and take your shower,” Fabian bellowed. 
Hannah was so terrified that she ran hastily in the direction of the washroom. Fabian, you big bully!
After she left, Fabian lost his appetite, but he was almost full anyway. He then walked to the living room, sat himself down on the sofa, and took up a document he saw lying around on the coffee table. 
Oh? So you will be interviewing Yvette tomorrow? I wonder how you will react when you see me there as well. 
Fabian drummed his fingers on the coffee table and chuckled to himself sinisterly. I’ll see how it goes tonight. I’ll let you off easy tomorrow if I’m happy with your performance tonight. Or else… 
Soon, Hannah walked out dressed in her silk pajamas. Water dripped from her damp hair onto her fair skin from time to time, looking deadly gorgeous as she walked towards Fabian. 
Fabian’s breath hitched upon the sight. He even got hard as he lusted for her. 
It would be great if this idiot will cooperate like Yvette.
###Chapter 1068
Chapter 1068 
Seeing Fabian’s lustful gaze upon herself, Hannah lowered her head as she felt the heat creeping up her neck. In huge strides, she hurried to her bedroom with a loud bang as she slammed the door. 
Hah! Trying to hide? We’ll see how long you can keep that up. 
Fabian smirked, deciding to let Hannah of the hook for the moment as he entered the bathroom for a shower. 
Before long, Fabian emerged from the bathroom, dressed in a bathrobe. 
He headed straight for Hannah’s bedroom. Twisting the doorknob, Fabian realized that the door had been locked from within. Nevertheless, it did not faze him. 
“Resisting isn’t gonna help you, Hannah, much less a locked door. I’ll let you know that I have a spare key,” declared Fabian to the woman in the room in a sing-song voice. 
Hannah, however, completely ignored Fabian from behind the door. She pulled the covers higher up her body, tucking herself tighter in bed. 
Seeing the door not opening, Fabian pursed his lips into a thin line. You have been a bad girl tonight, Hannah Young. Guess I’ll have to punish you. Fabian turned and walked away to get the spare key he had kept in his room, as if he had predicted something like this to happen. 
Click! The door unlocked and opened without a hitch. Fabian entered Hannah’s room with an evil sneer on his face, “I gave you a chance to cooperate, too bad you didn’t take it. And so, you shall suffer tonight.”
Terrified, Hannah raised the covers above her head and hugged them tighter to her body, shivering underneath. Rolling his eyes at the measly attempt of stopping him, Fabian yanked off the blanket in a second, exposing Hannah to thin air. 
Sensing the danger in the air, Hannah instinctively rolled off her bed to make a run for it. Before she could, a pair of strong hands caught her and held her firmly, causing her to squirm. 
Oh, so now you’re resisting my touch? I’m you’re freaking husband! ”What, still hoping to get away? You’ve aroused my wrath, so now you’re gonna have to pay for it.” A chill ran down Hannah’s spine as she registered the chill in Fabian’s voice, fully aware that she had messed up. 
Hannah turned to face Fabian with pleading eyes, only to be awestruck by his disheveled but attractive appearance after his shower. 
His features looked as though they were carved by the gods, sharp and defined. His hair wild and unruly; his face reckless and nonchalant; his gaze cold and dominant. Lowering her eyes, Hannah caught sight of his chest, rising and falling to his breath. Water droplets dripped down to his abs, enhancing each of the clear lines. Hovering above her on the bed, Hannah thought Fabian looked very much like a powerful king seated on his throne. 
And I’m his queen! 
“Did you think you can get away with it by staying silent?” Fabian’s voice showed displease as his lips twisted. 
In reality, seeing Hannah ogling at him so intently, Fabian’s anger had diminished by a half, replaced by an overwhelming need and desire. 
Snapping back to reality, Hannah blushed furiously at her embarrassing fantasies, wishing the ground would open up and swallow her up whole.
Without warning, Fabian lunged forward, pinning Hannah onto the bed and kissing her passionately, savoring the sweetness of her lips. 
Caught by surprise, Hannah froze. Regaining her senses, Hannah registered that her own lips were being caught in Fabian’s. Panic rose to her chest as she hit Fabian’s back in retardation. 
Fabian halted and pulled away. Frowning at the interruption, Fabian narrowed his eyes and gave a piercing glare at Hannah. 
“Best not to resist, hun. You’re well aware of my temper. You’ll be the one that’ll suffer in the end.” 
Speechless, Hannah stopped struggling, knowing full well that Fabian was right. Even so, she pursed her lips, thinking to herself how brusque Fabian’s actions were, but there was nothing she could do except to comply. 
Noticing Hannah had stopped resisting, Fabian soften his tone. “That’s more like it,” he cooed. “I love obedient women more.” 
At those words, an image of Yvette Tanner flashed across Hannah’s mind, causing her to feel upset. Are you talking about her? Is she more obedient? Is that why you considered marrying her? 
Fabian once again pressed his lips against Hannah’s without hesitation, the kiss full of passion and desire. Hannah felt her tongue getting numb as Fabian twisted his tongue against hers. 
His hands caressed her entire body up and down hungrily, not at all slowed down by the intense kiss. 
Heat flared between the two bodies as they gasped for air. Breathing heavily, Fabian removed his bathrobe and ripped off Hannah’s nightgown. Startled, Hannah let out a low moan, panting heavily. The two continued to be entangled with each other, leading to a passionate night.
###Chapter 1069
Chapter 1069 
Lost to the concept of time, Fabian finally stopped after who knows how long, sweat dripping all over his body. Hannah, on the other hand, lay on the bed, breathing greedily for air as her body went limp, not yet recovered from the passionate night they had. 
“Not bad. Quite cooperative just now, weren’t you?” The scratches left by Hannah on his back was beginning to feel tender, yet Fabian was not at all upset. In fact, he felt pleased. 
Hannah widened her eyes in disbelief of her own actions. What happened to me? How could I be so… so lustful? 
Desire sparked through Fabian’s eyes once more, burning like a raging forest fire. His lips curled into a beguiling smile, “Well, well, well Hannah… you look like you enjoyed it more than I did. Are you up for another round?” 
Annoyed, Hannah turned her face away from Fabian. “Shameless,” she scolded softly, scoffing. 
The word travelled into Fabian’s ears. He shrugged reluctantly, but decided to stop pursuing the matter. At least she had cooperated with me once. 
Seeing Fabian no longer pushing her on the subject, Hannah sat up slowly. “The incident with Regina, were you the one…” 
Perhaps Fabian had been a little too rough on her just now. Hannah’s soft voice chocked and cracked as she spoke, sounding pitiful. 
“Yes. That was my doing. No one is allowed to mess with my woman,” admitted Fabian confidently.
With a swift motion, he pulled Hannah towards himself, nesting her head on his chest. “If you need a sense of security, I will give it to you!” whispered Fabian softly, stroking her hair. 
The light of dawn torn apart the veil of night, shining on Fabian’s forehead and waking him up from him slumber. Stretching with his eyes still closed, Fabian moved his hands towards the other side of the bed, expecting to feel the silly woman beneath his fingers. However, much to his surprise, no one else was there but him. It was only then did he remember that Hannah had an interview that day, so she must have gotten up early to get ready. 
Fabian removed the covers groggily and rolled over to the side, enjoying the sunshine. He had slept soundly with no dreams nor nightmare, probably because of the intense night he had with Hannah the night before. 
After a few lazy minutes, Fabian got up to brush himself up. Upon entering the bathroom, he noticed water droplets still on the mirror, indicating that Hannah had only left not long ago. 
From Hannah’s documents he had read last night, Fabian knew Hannah would be going to Yvette Tanner’s launch event for a new drama series. After the pleasant night he had with her, Fabian decided to give Hannah a surprise as a reward. He dialed her number. “Hello? Where are you?” His raspy yet magnetic voice rang on the other end as Hannah picked up. 
“Oh, you’re awake? I’m at the hairdresser’s,” answered Hannah after a second of bewilderment. Why’s he asking me this? 
Every girl longs to be beautiful, including Hannah. Moreover, she would be attending a launch event organized by her love rival, of course she would want to outshine Yvette Tanner. 
“Send me the address.” Fabian didn’t even bother asking.
“Ah? Why?” asked Hannah, but all she heard from the other end was beeping. Fabian had hung up just like that. 
Has he lost his mind? Hannah grumbled softly to herself in annoyance, but still sent Fabian the address of the salon in the end. She had learnt her lesson not to rebel against Fabian’s orders. 
At the house, Fabian dialed another number. “Ask someone to drive a minivan to this address and pick up Hannah Young and get her makeup done. As for the clothes… pick out a close-fitting evening gown with a halter neckline, preferably with elegant embroidery,” ordered Fabian to a makeup artist from one of his subsidiary companies. 
Hannah was currently wearing a lilac knee-length cocktail dress. Her delicate feet were in a pair of black lace-up high heels. Looking in the mirror with her hair done, Hannah nodded in approval of her appearance. Hmpf, I shall not lose out to you tonight. 
Hannah had recently started comparing herself to Yvette. If she had won, her mood would be undeniably better for the rest of the day, if she didn’t, her morale would plummet to the ground. Hannah was confused with this new sense of jealousy. She was never one to compare herself with someone else. 
The second she stepped foot out of the hair salon, a young man blocked her in her path. “Excuse me, madam. Are you Hannah Young?” he asked in a polite manner. 
The young man had a light and smooth voice, allowing the listener to take a liking to him instantly. Even so, Hannah was curious. I’ve never met this man before, so how does he know my name?
###Chapter 1070
Chapter 1070 
Hannah observed the person standing in front of her. He looked about twenty-five or twenty-six, his hair reaching the nape of his neck, fringes almost reaching his eyes and was wearing a printed T-shirt and ripped black jeans. The way he effortlessly pulled off the outfit outshone the entire street, but his most prominent feature was his long, slender fingers, almost as delicate as a queen’s hand, but large. 
“Yes, I’m Hannah Young, but who are you?” Hannah was certain that they never crossed path with each other. How does the guy know my name? 
“I am the chief makeup artist from Aimee Group, Franchot Dunn. You can call me Franchot,” introduced the young man. 
Upon seeing the confusion written on Hannah’s face, Franchot quickly explained, “Oh, Mr. Norton sent me. He asked me to give you a makeover.” 
What? Did he say Aimee Group? The luxury salon frequented by the rich and famous including most celebrities? That Aimee Group? And did he say he is the chief makeup artist? 
Hannah’s jaw dropped as she was stunned. She was never the type who would pay for such premium services as she was never bothered. If it wasn’t for the fact that she would be attending Yvette’s launch event later, she wouldn’t even have gotten her hair done. Normally, Hannah would rarely put on makeup whenever she went out, and even if she did, she’d just do her makeup on her own. 
Not only that, Hannah was secretly terrified of the bill attached to the service being offered right now. Not only was she getting her makeup done by the most prestigious salon in town but by the chief makeup artist too. Hannah could feel the hole burning in her pocket just thinking of that. Even though Fabian was the one who footed the bill, she never wanted to spend his money.
She had been giving Fabian half of her paycheck every month to pay off all the outfits and jewelry he had given her. However, at the rate she was going, she would still have to pay for another two to three years in order to clear off the debt. 
“Thank you for the offer, Mr. Dunn, but I’m kind of in a hurry right now. Sorry for wasting your time… How ’bout this? Once I’m done with work, I’ll treat you a meal as compensation…” hesitated Hannah, fidgeting awkwardly. She had no idea how bad a temper Franchot had, but she had heard many stories about the upper-class society being smug and emotional, especially those with remarkable talent. 
“That won’t be an issue, madam. Mr. Norton had requested us to come in a minivan. I belief he had taken into account that you’re pressed for time.” 
Fabian, why must you always make decisions for me without checking with me first? Is it that hard to ask me? Hannah complained and sighed inwardly but ultimately answered with a smile, “Alright. In that case, let’s go ahead.” 
The pair entered a minivan. Hannah took a seat as the driver took off. Franchot, on the other hand, busied himself with Hannah’s makeover. He did her brows and applied foundation, contour, blush… 
Each stroke of the brush was done with immense concentration from Franchot. His eyes gleamed with attentiveness as he leaned forward, carefully outlining Hannah’s features. Different shades of foundation and powder were tested on the back of his own hand before he applied the perfect shade on Hannah. Every once in a while, Franchot would shift the position of his feet for a better angle in order for perfection. 
After the makeup was done, Franchot helped Hannah pick out a dress that suited her figure and skin complexion best, not forgetting Fabian’s request for a close-fitting evening gown with a halter neckline. He even changed her black lace-up heels for something daintier.
Satisfied with Hannah’s final look, Franchot smiled proudly and snapped his fingers. “All done, Ms. Young. I hope you like your makeover.” 
Hannah peered out of the car window and noticed they were about to pull up to her destination. Phew, I am just in time. 
Hannah stood up from her seat for a better view of the full-body mirror in the minivan. Upon seeing her reflection, Hannah’s hand flew up to her mouth, gasping in awe. Her hair was curled up in the most elegant way possible. The brown smoky eye enhanced her dark eyes, making them look rather mesmerizing. Her lips were tinted in a darker shade of red, making Hannah look sexy and bold. She was dressed in a navy blue, bogy hugging evening gown with a side split and halter neckline, laced with delicate silver embroidery and matching perfectly with the pair of heels Franchot had chosen for her. The dress accentuated her figure and she looked marvelous. 
Hannah was astounded by Franchot’s skills. No wonder he was the chief makeup artist of the company. His hands worked miracles. She finally understood why so many famous celebrities would specifically ask for the service provided by Aimee Group. When she compared it with her own makeup skills, Hannah blushed sheepishly and felt like a kid with a crayon in comparison to an artist’s canvas. 
However, it wasn’t long before reality dawned on her. With such an amazing makeover, it’s surely gonna cost me an arm and a leg. “Um… How much would all this be?” Hannah asked with a wry smile. 
“Oh, don’t worry about it, Ms. Young.” smiled Franchot with a dismissive wave. “It’s of charge as Aimee Group is a subsidiary of Phoenix Group, and it was Mr. Norton who requested the service.”
###Chapter 1071
Chapter 1071 
Hannah breathed a sigh of relief, feeling the invisible weight on her shoulders lifted. She was honestly worried that she might faint from the amount Franchot would quote. 
“In that case, I’ll be on my way then, but thank you so much. I love it!” Hannah quickly got out of the car, but not before flashing Franchot a genuine smile. 
As she walked towards the entrance, Hannah called her colleague who was supposed to be her cameraman in that event. To her dismay, he had not arrived, so she headed inside alone. 
When she entered the hall, the place was still not crowded. No spotlights shone on the spacious stage either. Clearly, the important guests had yet to arrive. 
Hannah made her way to a quiet corner and took a seat. She disliked attending formal events as she would much prefer to relax and enjoy a quiet moment to herself. 
Glancing at the fancy cakes served on the table, Hannah swallowed her saliva hungrily. She yearned to have a taste but was afraid to smudge her makeup and ruin her look. An inner dialogue started within her mind. Remembering that Yvette would be attending the event, Hannah ultimately decided to give up on her craving. Hmpf, with Franchot’s help today, there’s no chance I’d look inferior standing next to her. 
Hannah was certain that Yvette would have a personal stylist as a celebrity. Even so, Hannah was confident that she would be prettier than Yvette even without putting on any makeup. Not to mention she got a makeover by the amazing Franchot Dunn. 
Soon, the crowd in the hall grew larger. Hannah found her colleague among the crowd, carrying a bulky camera with him and he left right after that. Following the cheers and screams of the crowd, all eyes
were turned to the stage. 
Right that instant, Yvette Tanner made her entrance—shining bright like the star. She was dressed in a white flowy gown that reached her ankle with her feet in a pair of silver heels with studded diamonds. Her shoulder-length hair danced behind her while an exquisite necklace hung around her neck, adding more glam to the outfit. She looked as though an angel had stepped down from heaven into the receiving crowd. 
Seeing Yvette’s dramatic entrance, Hannah twitched her lips in annoyance. “Such a showoff,” mumbled Hannah to herself. 
Reluctantly, Hannah lifted the camera to capture a few photos. Staring at the photos, Hannah rolled her eyes again. Tsk, you’re still not as pretty as me even with all the makeup! 
Soon, the loud atmosphere began to mellow. Yvette shook hands with some people in the crowd from time to time. Most of the audience that day were upper-class socialites, which was why Yvette treated them with caution and curtesy. 
“How pretentious!” Following Yvette waltzing through the crowd with her eyes, Hannah could hardly hear her own voice as she scoffed. 
“Hello, miss, are you here alone?” a voice called out to Hannah. 
Tearing her eyes away from Yvette’s silhouette, Hannah raised her guard as she sized up the man in front of her. “Why? Is there anything?” 
Hmpf, I’m nothing like Yvette. I’m not gonna flash you a fake smile or try to please you. If it wasn’t a stern order from Mr. Dijon, I wouldn’t even be here now.
“Erm… I just thought you looked a little lonely, so I thought I’d approach you. Hope you don’t find me rude,” replied the man apologetically. 
Hannah nodded in response. She didn’t find the person in front of her irritating. He looked and carried himself like a gentleman, all dressed up in a black suit. He probably did not have any bad intentions, but Hannah just did not have the habit of approaching strangers nor making small talk. 
“I’m not some wealthy heiress, so there’s no need to address me as ‘miss’ or anything as such. My name’s Hannah Young. I’m a journalist for a magazine company and I’m here to interview Yvette Tanner. We are probably not of the same social status, so there’s really no need for you to sit here with me,” rejected Hannah curtly. 
Shock flashed across the man’s face. He had not expected Hannah to turn him down in such a straightforward manner. “Hannah Young,” chuckled the man awkwardly. “I shall keep your name in mind.” 
With that, the man got up to leave. After making a few steps, he suddenly stopped in his tracks and turned around to face Hannah. “By the way, my name’s Xavier Jackson.” With a smile, he left. 
As the man walked away, Hannah peered at his shrinking silhouette out of the corner of her eye. What does your name have anything to do with me? 
Hannah gently wiped away her lipstick and picked up a glass of wine on the table. As she was preparing to take a sip, a sharp voice interrupted her movements. “Hannah Young, are you drinking alone? Poor thing, does Fabian not want you anymore? Well, I did tell you that Fabian is not gonna like a woman as shabby as you. He was probably just messing around with you.”
###Chapter 1072
Chapter 1072 
Yvette’s irritating voice rang in Hannah’s ear, instantly giving the latter a headache. Glaring at Yvette, Hannah scolded silently in her mind. 
Tsk, are you any better? The only thing you know is to seduce men. What’s there to brag about? You’re just an idiot fantasizing about becoming Mrs. Norton. Do you know that he has already taken me as his wife? 
Hannah frowned slightly but managed to squeeze out a smile. “Yeah, you’re right. I am shabby, but you’re just a little shabbier than I am, else Fabian wouldn’t be so nice to me,” mocked Hannah, swallowing the rage in her. 
“Oh, really? Is Fabian really that nice to you?” asked Yvette, feigning surprise. “How come I’ve never heard of it? All I know is that he told me, I will soon be his wife,” declared Yvette proudly with a raised eyebrow. Even if she were lying, Hannah couldn’t tell. 
Utterly devastated at those words, the scenes where she interrogated Fabian, demanding to know if he really did consider marrying Yvette surfaced in Hannah’s mind. 
Stay calm… stay calm… 
Hannah repeated those words nonstop in her head as if chanting a magic spell, trying to ground herself. Hannah stayed frozen in position for a few seconds, lost in thoughts. 
Yvette, on the other hand, enjoyed seeing how Hannah reacted like an idiot. 
Hmpf, do you want to compete with me? You’re still missing years of excruciating training. Look at how you are all dolled up. Are you trying to seduce Fabian after knowing he would be here? Hmpf, in your dreams. Only I get to be Mrs. Norton.
Yvette twisted her body, pretending to stagger. The wine glass in her hand slipped out her grasp, spilling all over Hannah’s gown. 
Regaining her senses, Hannah leaped to her feet and exclaimed in surprise, “Ah! Yvette, what do you think you’re doing?” 
Hannah’s scream attracted many heads to turn in their direction. 
Yvette slowly twisted her body, seemingly trying to stretch out her waist in a painful manner. “Oh my gosh, I’m so sorry,” said Yvette weakly, “I’ve accidentally twisted my ankle. It wasn’t done on purpose. Please don’t be mad at me,” continued Yvette with trembling lips and she looked apologetic. 
Hmpf! You sure deserve an Oscar for this act. We both know you did it on purpose, yet here you are playing the victim. You are really such a professional actress. 
Yvette leaned slightly towards Hannah, “What? Do you think my acting skills are good for nothing?” whispered Yvette with a smirk. 
Hannah trembled in anger as her fists clenched beside her body. Everyone around them had accepted the lie that Yvette had hurt her ankle and unintentionally spilled the wine on her dress. Hannah swallowed all the words she wanted to say to refute, knowing it would be in vain. Without another word, Hannah picked up her bag and hurried towards the restroom. 
Seeing Hannah scurrying away, Yvette’s lips curled up into an evil sneer, twisting her features into the ugliest look a person could have, despite the heavy, exquisite makeup she had on. 
In the restroom, Hannah desperately tried to remove the stain with tissues. After struggling for a few minutes, she realized her attempts were futile. No matter how hard she rubbed, the stain would still be visible. Giving up, she decided not to wear the evening gown Franchot had picked for her anymore but rather changed into her own lilac cocktail dress.
Thank goodness I brought this dress with me. How embarrassing would it be if I didn’t? 
After changing her outfit, Hannah fixed her makeup and checked herself in the mirror. Only when she’s satisfied with the way she looked did she exit the restroom. 
The resentment of being humiliated was still coursing through Hannah’s veins. “Hmpf! Yvette Tanner, you must be so envious of my dress that you have to ruin it. That’s okay, I will defeat you regardless of what I’m wearing!” Hannah mumbled softly to comfort and pacify herself. 
The second Hannah stepped foot outside the restroom, she caught sight of Yvette being all over Fabian, which infuriated her even more. 
Oh, do you not have any bones on you or are your muscles so underdeveloped that you have to be glued on to someone else for support? Do you have no shame in doing that in front of all those eyes and cameras? Hannah rolled her eyes again before shooting daggers at the pair. 
“Fabian, my ankle is a little painful. Can you please help me?” Yvette stuck out her lower lip and gazed at Fabian with her round, glassy eyes, searching for sympathy. 
Yvette had purposefully put on her best makeup that day and it gave her an exquisite look. The flawless skin on her face looked even more radiant than usual. How could a renowned ladies man like Fabian possibly decline her request? “Alright,” answered Fabian swiftly with a charming smile while reaching for her arm. 
Hannah felt a pang in her heart at Fabian’s actions, as disappointment filled her eyes. In reality, Fabian just wanted to take the advantage of having a beautiful woman in his arms out of boredom with no feelings attached. Sadly, in Hannah’s perception, the scene showed that Fabian had feelings for Yvette because Hannah knew one thing for sure—Fabian wouldn’t touch a woman he doesn’t like.
###Chapter 1073
Chapter 1073 
Are you really thinking about dumping me so you can marry her? 
Hannah chuckled icily, “Heh, ‘dump’ isn’t even the correct word for it. We have only been faking it since the beginning.” 
Bitterness filled Hannah’s heart as she felt it crumbled into pieces. She admitted to herself that she was feeling jealous, but she was careful not to let her emotions show. With the best smile she could muster, Hannah walked towards them with her camera. 
I’m here to do an interview, not to see the lovey-dovey show you two are putting up. Whatever you do is none of my business. 
Hannah reminded herself of the reason she was there and turned her head away from Fabian and Yvette, leaving the pair out of her peripheral vision. Out of sight, out of mind. 
As Fabian helped Yvette to stand on her feet, his gaze did not stop searching the crowd for a familiar silhouette. This is odd. I’m sure that dum-dum would be here, so how come I don’t see her? 
After a few minutes of searching, Fabian finally found Hannah seated in a lonely and well-hidden corner. Fabian’s brows furrowed as he caught sight of her. Hmm? Why is she not wearing the evening gown I’ve requested for her? Fabian pursed his lips into a flat line, displeased. 
He then noticed the bag and camera on the table in front of her, causing the flame of anger to burn ever more ferociously. As Fabian was late to the party, he had no clue about what happened before he arrived. Naturally, he thought Hannah chose not to wear the gown he had chosen for her deliberately. 
I had meticulously picked out an elegant evening gown that suits her best, and that ungrateful woman just simply stuffed it in a bag?
Fabian tightened his grip on Yvette’s waist out of anger. Feeling the subtle pain on her waist, Yvette looked up at him, only to see his dark, cold expression, with his eyes focused elsewhere. Following his gaze, Yvette saw Hannah seated at the corner. 
Huh, you have angered Fabian again, you little b*tch? You can’t even make a man happy, how can you possibly win a man’s affection? 
Yvette intentionally leaned closer to Fabian. She wanted Hannah Young to see how intimate she was with Fabian, crushing any hopes Hannah had for Fabian. 
Unfortunately for Hannah, the launch event for the new drama series had officially started. Sighing heavily, she picked up her camera with zero enthusiasm. Frustration boiled in her blood as she headed towards Yvette. She had been bullied and humiliated by Yvette. Yet, not only could she not seek revenge, she even had to interview Yvette as it was her assignment. 
Yvette stood in the spotlight in an elegant and graceful posture, her movements laced with impeccable class. 
“Thank you all for coming here today to witness the launch event of my new drama series. I am more than honored…” 
Yvette started her eloquent speech onstage, earning another eye-roll from Hannah in the crowd. “Oh please. Are you a product that you have to promote yourself and pull the interest from the crowd?” scoffed Hannah under her breath. 
As the speech ended, Hannah couldn’t help but scold again, “Finally. Just how she was dragging on her speech, blah, blah, blah… Don’t you know the crowd is starting to hate your voice?” 
Contrary to her words, the audience erupted into cheers and thunderous applause followed suit. Hannah coughed awkwardly to hide her embarrassment. Well, that was humiliating.
It had then reached the session where Yvette would be answering interviews. Swarms of journalists rushed forward with microphones and cameras. The sound of cameras clicking and chatters filled the hall instantly. 
The purpose of Yvette’s previous visit to the company Hannah was working at was only for the chance to embarrass Hannah during the launch event. She had no intention to give their company the invitation to do an exclusive interview and coverage for the event. 
Yvette was not stupid. She knew the presence of many journalists would boost the popularity of her drama to a higher notch. 
A simple invitation by Yvette to half of the news industry had given an immense headache to Hannah, who was carrying a bulky camera. Although she was petite and agile, the camera in her hands had severely slowed down her pace and increased the difficulty of her squeezing through the crowd, causing her to lack behind. 
“Ms. Tanner, do you think this series will breakthrough in the entertainment industry?” asked a journalist. 
“Mm hmm, I think so,” nodded Yvette. 
“Why is that, Ms. Tanner? Care to enlighten us?” Another journalist extended the microphone in her hand towards the star. 
“Because the genre of this series has established a precedent in the market in our country. On top of that, the visuals and special effects in the series are top-notch. Not to mention the cast are mainly famous actors and actresses in the series, I’d say this series stands a pretty good chance,” announced Yvette in all smiles.
Chatters and clicking continued as the journalists continued pestering Yvette relentlessly for more details of the series. 
The journalists kept bombarding Yvette with different questions and she answered all those questions graciously. Perhaps it was because the questions asked were nothing special, the journalists did not seem to have much enthusiasm. After a few boring minutes, one of the reporters finally lost his patience and blurted, “Ms. Tanner, there have been rumors flying about that you are currently dating Mr. Norton, the president of Phoenix Group. Is that true?”
###Chapter 1074
Chapter 1074 
Hannah was stunned. The camera wobbled on her shaky shoulder as she looked up at Fabian, who stood on the stage, waiting for his answer. 
Everyone else in the audience was also taken aback by the question; gasps and countless whispers erupted from them: 
“Is this true? Why didn’t I know of this?” 
“Doesn’t that make her Fabian’s lover if they’re seeing each other?” 
… 
The sudden question had flustered Yvette. She wanted to admit their relationship, but she didn’t dare to blabber without Fabian’s consent since all of this would be published in newspapers the next day. So she narrowed her eyes at Fabian, sending him a questioning gaze. 
At this, Fabian’s lips twitched into a sly smile. He stepped forward and declared to the journalists, “It’s true!” 
Those words had slapped hard onto Hannah’s cheek and dulled her vision. She gripped tightly onto the camera, steadying it on her shoulder although her knees were on the brink on giving in. 
You’re seeing her? Then, what does that make me? Some plaything of yours? 
The journalist’s eyes widened at his answer. Uninhibited excitement flashed on his face as he eagerly followed up with another question. “Then, Mr. Norton, is your current investment because of Ms. Tanner?”
You even invested funds in her drama? I thought you attended this event simply because she invited you… Hannah brimmed with disappointment. She looked quietly at Fabian, who was still stood on the stage. 
Fabian smiled at the journalist. “Both Yve and I believe that this drama will be a hit. Naturally, it’s only sensible that I invest in a valuable drama. But of course, Yve did play a part in my decision to invest.” 
The journalists buzzed on the edges of their seats. They could already envision juicy titles for tomorrow’s headline: Breaking News! President of Phoenix Company Admits to Relationship With Starlett Yvette At Press Conference. 
Yve? Hannah snorted at this. How sweet, you two sound like you’re so close. And here I thought that you loved me… I guess I just lived in a fantasy made-up in my head. 
Hannah suppressed the grating pain in her chest. She rolled her shoulders back before approaching the stage to ask Yvette, “Ms. Tanner, do you think Mr. Norton is a perfidious person?” 
The other journalists frowned in confusion, unsure of how Fabian’s perfidiousness was related to the conference. 
On the stage, Fabian’s lips curled into a derisive smile. What’s this? You think I’m traitorous for divorcing you? Is this meant as a jab towards me? So you still care about me? 
Similar to the journalists, Yvette couldn’t comprehend Hannah’s question and thought that she was deliberately making things difficult for her. 
“He’s certainly not. I wouldn’t have gotten together with Fabian if I doubted his feelings for me,” Yvette answered in a sweet voice as she fluttered her lashes at Fabian endearingly. 
“Good for you,” Hannah uttered caustically while glaring at Fabian before turning to leave.
Hannah looked around the place dejectedly. It wasn’t clear when the party would end. But given her understanding of these events, it would likely be after nightfall. She felt annoyed about this and headed off to a pizza joint in the nearby area. I may as well ditch work. 
For a food-loving woman like me, there’s nothing like good pizza to solve all my problems. If that doesn’t make me feel any better, then two pizzas surely will! 
There really is nothing quite as luxurious as enjoying a pizza in an air-conditioned room in such hot weather. But as she chowed down a couple of slices, bitter thoughts surfaced in her mind. Right… Fabian and I had shared a pizza the last time we were here. Just look at how he is having the time of his life with Yvette. 
At this, Hannah chided herself. You’re so pathetic, Hannah! Fabian doesn’t even care about you, yet you still miss him secretly! 
Ugh, forget about him! This is really stressing me out. 
Loneliness overwhelmed Hannah as she finished her meal. The pizza didn’t quite improve her mood as much as she initially thought it would. Sadly, resentment still leeched onto her heart like a parasite. Since she ditched work and didn’t have to rush home, she decided to go shopping instead. After all, one mustn’t set themselves up for torment, right? 
I don’t need you to love me, Fabian. I’ll love myself and that’ll be just fine. 
Hannah hadn’t been out to shop ever since she and Fabian got married because he often had items delivered to their doorstep. However, the circumstances this time were different. She shopped as if she had been transported back to her high school days of scavenging through sales racks, snacking on popsicles whilst hopping from shop to shop for clothes and accessories that she liked, then heading home with arms full of bags.
###Chapter 1075
Chapter 1075 
Arriving home to a pitch-black living room, Hannah felt a lingering sadness in her clenched jaw. She couldn’t help but wonder what kind of life she would lead if she had never met Fabian. Will I be living happily ever after with someone who loves me, or will I struggle to make ends meet in a rented apartment until I shrivel up and die? 
Who knows? But even if I live a difficult life alone, wouldn’t it still be better than my life now where I live alone and uncared for in a luxurious and spacious home? 
At least in a poorer life, I wouldn’t be harrowed by the helpless sorrow of having to watch my husband messing around with other women. 
Hannah frustratingly banged her fists onto the countertop and shouted at herself, “He’s not even a real husband! Our marriage was all a lie, a silly act to deceive others. You’re just stupid enough to think that whatever we had was real.” 
After switching on the light in the living room, she tossed her shopping bags onto the couch before making some dinner to feed her empty stomach. Then, she showered at after that. 
Hannah then slid into a lavishly pink, silk pajama set and lounged on the sofa to binge-watch a romantic drama. 
The scene showed a home-wrecker who was sabotaging the heroine. She couldn’t help but shed tears near the plot’s climax as she felt a gut-wrenching pity for the heroine. 
But a tiny voice inside her sarcastically sounded, how is that heroine pitiful? Aren’t you pitiful too? 
Hannah froze as countless visions of Fabian and Yvette being intimate flashed in her mind. Her face burned treacherously red at the idea of Fabian spoon-feeding Yvette meals and both of them hugging
each other and kissing in bed… 
Hannah shook her head furiously, scattering those repulsive visions along with droplets of water from her wet hair onto the floor. Sweat beaded on her forehead, prompting her to go back into the bathroom to rinse her face in hopes that she would snap out of such thoughts. 
Hannah then dried her hair and returned to her bedroom. She began trying on the clothes that she had bought earlier to pass the time. It also gave her an excuse to wait for Fabian to get home. 
As she stared straight at her reflection, Hannah noticed how haggardly pale she looked. Am I really that much of an emotional wreck? I’m that easily influenced by Fabian? ”He’s not even important! He’s just some womanizer who doesn’t feel anything for you at all! Why do you put yourself through this? Men like him are not worthy of your love, absolutely not!” The words vented out of her like thunder. 
Hannah felt lighter and more refreshed after shouting those words from the top of her lungs. Next, she plopped onto her bed. He’s literally chatting away with Yvette right now. Why are you still waiting up? Just go to bed! 
So Hannah tucked herself into the fluffy duvet. Not long after shutting her eyes, she felt herself sink into a deep slumber. 
The sound of a car pulling up interrupted the harmonious silence of the night. Glaring headlights beamed into the small courtyard of their home—Fabian finally returned. 
He hadn’t intended to return so late. He initially planned to get home after dinner, but then he bumped into a few of his business partners who insisted on going to a bar. Unable to decline their kind gestures, he joined them then waited till everyone left the bar before getting home. 
Fabian opened the bedroom door and saw Hannah, who was sound asleep. This caused dissatisfaction to violently bubble in his chest.
You really are something, Hannah. How could you sleep like a log while your own husband is out and about with some other woman? How generously trusting of you! Or you just don’t care? 
Fabian paced over to the bedside with an urge to yank Hannah out of her slumber, but he suppressed it in the end. He stared hazily at her sleeping face and slurred drunkenly, “I’ll make you fall in love with me, Hannah. Don’t believe me? Let’s make a bet…” 
Then, he washed up before climbing into bed, settling down next to Hannah, and falling asleep. 
Early the next morning, Hannah’s eyes cracked open to the faint smell of alcohol. Huh? Why does it reek of alcohol? Did Fabian come by last night? At this moment, Fabian had already got up and left for work. 
Hannah shook her head, reminding herself that it didn’t matter even if he did show up last night. He couldn’t care less about me anyway. 
So Hannah got dressed and commuted to her company. Upon arrival, the senior editor gave her a mouthful for the poorly executed work from yesterday. 
“Hannah, look at the rubbish you’ve shot. Who’s going to be interested in this? Look at the publicized shots from the other magazine companies; they’re clearly on a whole other level. I specifically told you to capture some good shots yesterday, yet you return with this mess! Ugh, do you not want your job anymore? Or are you just torturing me on purpose?”
###Chapter 1076
Chapter 1076 
Hannah knew that her behavior yesterday was uncalled for. She was an emotional wreck and didn’t capture any of the important events during the launch event. She lowered her head and apologized to the senior editor, “I didn’t mean to. Well, I’ll accept any punishment you decide on.” 
Hannah was currently in charge of Fabian’s interview. So if she got fired now, then all her previous efforts would be for naught. The senior editor sighed and spoke helplessly, “Alright. I’ll give you another chance. You’ll interview one of Sunshine city’s top families, the Jackson family’s only heir—Xavier Jackson.” 
“Xavier Jackson?” The name sounded awfully familiar to Hannah. She thought long and hard, trying to put a face to that name. Eventually, a man’s face surfaced in her mind. 
Once Hannah figured it out, her jaw dropped. She couldn’t utter a single word as waves of questions crashed in her mind. 
That frivolous man? No, It can’t be that coincidental. Hannah’s brows scrunched tautly. What if he intentionally requested for me to do the interview? No, that can’t be since we have only met briefly. Unless… this was what fate wanted? 
The senior editor’s eyebrows raised at Hannah’s wide-mouthed expression. 
Then, he questioned loudly, “What are you gawking at, Hannah? Do you not want the task? Don’t assume you’re all that just because you did Fabian’s interview. I’ll sack you if you mess this up again.” 
Hannah didn’t dare to reject the senior editor’s request after hearing his threat. Hannah nodded without hesitation and said, “You can count on me. I’ll do my very best in this interview.”
At this, the senior editor’s features loosened from its initial frown. He spoke in a friendlier tone, “Good, consider that as redemption for your previous hiccup. I also heard that Mr. Jackson is fairly easy to get along with, so this interview cannot fail under any circumstances. I’ll have someone send you his details in a bit. Please read through it thoroughly, then get on with the interview immediately. The early bird gets the worm, after all.” 
Relief washed over Hannah. It’s just an interview, what’s the big deal? She then returned to her office and scanned through Xavier’s information before heading to his company. 
“Do you have an appointment?” The receptionist asked coldly and shot a cautious look at the camera in Hannah’s hands. 
Huh? Are all receptionists in the world clones of the same person? They literally only ask that one question. Hannah scoffed to herself. 
“Err, no. I’m a journalist from a magazine company, and I was hoping to get an interview with Mr. Jackson today,” Hannah explained courteously. 
This reason wasn’t well-received by the receptionist, who glared daggers and snorted with disgust at Hannah. A journalist? Well, I suppose you are easy on the eyes; your boss certainly knows how to cater to Mr. Jackson’s tastes. 
Regardless, the receptionist responded as she usually would to any visitors who walked in without an appointment. “Mr. Jackson won’t see you without an appointment, so you’ll have to wait until his schedule s up before you can go to him.” 
Great, Hannah mentally complained. Today’s interview is pretty much going down the drain. Hannah sighed pronouncedly after being denied entry. Despite how upset she felt, she still had to complete the interview task assigned by her company, so she had no choice but to wait.
Suddenly, an idea flashed in Hannah’s mind. She gnawed on her bottom lip and boldly approached the receptionist again. Her eyes gleamed with hope while she stated in a low and resentful tone, “Mr. Jackson and I are acquaintances. Tell him that Hannah is here to see him.” 
The receptionist eyed her doubtfully. After pondering about it for a second, she dialed Xavier’s office. “Mr. Jackson, there’s a reporter named ‘Hannah’ who claims to be your acquaintance and wants to see you now. What would you like me to do?” 
Hannah’s heart pounded with tension. The palm of her hands joined while she muttered silent prayers. Please let me in. 
I’ll be kicked out of my job if this interview doesn’t happen, so I have to get it done at all costs. Hannah had firmly settled on this and had even devised a plan to wait outside the company all day if he refused to see her. 
“A-alright, Mr. Jackson. I understand,” the receptionist answered. Sensing that the call was ending, Hannah’s gaze snapped towards the receptionist’s facial expression, examining it for clues on whether she was finally allowed in. 
“Ms. Young, Mr. Jackson will see you now.” Although the receptionist had a much friendlier tone, Hannah still felt inexplicably odd and uneasy about the receptionist’s way of speaking.
###Chapter 1077
Chapter 1077 
Nonetheless, Hannah perked right up after receiving an affirmative answer. At least now I won’t get another earful from the senior editor. 
“Wren, take her to Mr. Jackson’s office,” the receptionist said. 
Once Hannah was out of sight, the receptionist grumbled aloud to herself, “I knew it! There’s no way that she’s only here to interview Mr. Jackson; she’s taking advantage of her identity as a journalist to seduce Mr. Jackson.” 
“Alright, this is Mr. Jackson’s office,” Wren declared. He stepped closer to the door and knocked on behalf of Hannah before leaving. 
“Come in,” a sensuous and insistent voice called from the inside. It soothingly drew her attention. 
Hannah straightened her collar before entering. As she crossed the door. Hannah caught a whiff of a fruity yet floral aroma. She trailed after the ambrosial scent and saw that Xavier was brewing some tea. 
Xavier wore a white suit, which was a rare occurrence. However, his slender fingers stood out more as they moved nimbly, as well as elegantly while preparing the tea. 
Xavier didn’t even spare her a glance. Instead, his eyes focused on the tea brewing before him as he said through a smile, “Have a seat.” 
Hannah’s lips curled over her teeth into a tense smile. “I came over because I’d like to interview you. I hope you’ll kindly agree to do it.” 
Xavier placed a teacup in front of Hannah, then lifted an intricately painted teapot to pour her a cup of tea.
“I knew it. Here I was wondering why you would seek me out, turns out it’s for this reason.” Xavier filled another teacup for himself. 
Bringing the teacup to his lips, Xavier took a sip and lightly shook his head in satisfaction. “Try it. I had someone source it from abroad recently. It tastes rather good.” 
Hannah sampled the tea as if she knew a thing or two about professional tea-tasting. Fabian had taught her a bit about tea quality when they got their marriage certificate back then. After taking a sip, her lips smacked lightly. “The tea has a refreshing note on the first sip and ends with a slight sweetness. It’s really good.” 
Xavier widened his eyes at Hannah’s evaluation. She’s well-versed in the subject of tea? 
“Impressive, Ms. Young. I have never expected you to be a tea connoisseur.” 
“You’re flattering me, Mr. Jackson. I only know a thing or two when it comes to basics of tea.” 
Xavier assumed that Hannah was humble, not wanting to boast about her knowledge. Little did he know that she had actually told the truth. Even her evaluation earlier was a repetition of what Fabian used to say. 
“I’m starting to wonder if fate sent you here as my love interest, or perhaps you just came over to seduce me. After all, we just met yesterday; isn’t it a little too coincidental that you’re here to interview me today?” Xavier had a playful smile and tried to flirt with her. 
Hannah’s face scrunched with skepticism towards Xavier’s improper behavior. Nevertheless, she put on a stern face and reminded, “Mr. Jackson. My reason for being here is purely for the sake of interviewing you. Please, I hope you refrain from making such jokes again.”
For a slight second, a bright red blush crept across Xavier’s face. He felt appalled that she hadn’t behaved like other timid, mice-like journalists who only nodded and bowed at his words. Instead, she was the first to talk back to him in such a reprimanding tone. Yet, it immediately reeled in his attention, making him more intrigued. His lips curved at the woman sitting before him. 
“I was only joking Ms. Young. There’s no need to take me so seriously,” Xavier explained and lifted the teacup from the table, then downed its contents. A bitterness burned down the back of his throat. 
Women often flocked around Xavier, throwing themselves at him willingly. Now that he finally encountered an exception to those women, he was obviously not going to let her off easy. He wanted to have a bit of fun with her and see how long she could keep her prudish composure. 
Xavier Jackson. Typical womanizer and has probably dated more than half of the women working in showbiz. Decently capable of managing and maintaining order in his family’s company, Jackson Group. 
These sentences surfaced in Hannah’s mind. She recalled reading them in Xavier’s information in the file that the senior editor gave to her. Maybe it was her mind playing tricks, but the more she looked at Xavier now, the more he seemed like a pervert in disguise. 
At some point, Hannah texted her current location to Fabian, thinking that he may go around searching for her since she wasn’t home and hadn’t left him any calls despite it already being noon. 
Fortunately, Xavier had stopped with the inappropriate jokes after Hannah’s warning. So she picked up her camera and began the task that she came to do.
###Chapter 1078
Chapter 1078 
With Xavier’s smooth and concise response to every question, the interview soon came to an end. 
Hannah let out a sigh of relief when the interview finally ended. Tidying the documents in her hand, she stood up to announce, “That’s all. I’ve got no more questions for you. This interview will be published shortly after I get back to the office and tidy up the loose ends.” 
Xavier hummed in agreement whilst nodding. 
Deep down, he had to hand it to Hannah for meticulously asking questions that were simple yet straight to the point. At the same time, her style of interviewing was impartial and reasonably paced. The way she handled the interview had added points to his impression of her greatly. 
“Mr. Jackson, I’ll be taking my leave now that the interview is over.” Hannah packed up hurriedly. She was terrified of not being to defend herself should Xavier harass her with his sly innuendos again, especially since she couldn’t reply or react too outrageously. After all, the senior editor had threatened to end her career if she didn’t complete this task properly. 
“Okay. As chance would have it, I’m getting off work too. Shall we leave together?” Xavier casually announced after glancing at his watch. Then, he took the lead and exited the office, leaving her with no choice but to follow. 
They soon waited inside the descending elevator. Hannah’s eyes cautiously darted around while she kept a distance away from Xavier. She deliberately stood in front of the doors, ready to run if anything were to happen. Of course, she knew that this was an impolite thought to have. But what am I to do if Xavier suddenly wants to take advantage of me? I can’t just allow him any chance to do that!
Her actions didn’t go unnoticed by Xavier, whose smile curved deeper at this. This woman is getting more fascinating by the second. 
Xavier teasingly raised his hand and patted Hannah’s shoulder. “Ms. Young, I believe that you’re also a fellow tea lover. It just so happens that my friend had gifted me some rose tea which is rich with elements good for skin complexion. Honestly, this tea doesn’t suit my taste, so I’d like to gift them to you. I’ll have my secretary pass it to you in a bit.” 
Hannah’s heart hammered in her chest when Xavier’s hand first landed on her shoulder, but after hearing what he had to say, she exhaled loudly as she patted her chest and rolled her eyes with relief. 
Dude! You scared the daylights out of me. While Xavier’s actions had scared her senseless, they also lightened the mood and simultaneously improved her impression of him. He’s not so bad. How does he earn himself such a reputation then? 
At this, she couldn’t help but compare him to Fabian. Oh, Fabian… you’re both presidents of big companies, yet the two of you are so strikingly different. 
Xavier is so refined and well-mannered. Meanwhile, you’re always so uptight. It’s as if everyone in the world has wronged you. 
When the elevator doors opened, Xavier extended his arm and gentlemanly gestured for her to exit first. His arm had also considerately blocked against the elevator door in case it closed on her. 
I get it now. His attentiveness to women as well as his prestigious background makes female celebrities crazy for him. He’s probably too nice to reject their advances, so he comes off as a veritable casanova in the public’s eye. Mm-hmm, this explains everything perfectly. 
It was painfully obvious that Hannah’s imagination was so vivid that she managed to convince herself of such implausible reasons.
As they arrived side by side downstairs, the receptionist was convinced of her earlier suspicions. She really is the president’s new flavor of the month, but when did the president change his dating preference from pursuing all sorts of gorgeous celebrities to a mere journalist? 
Xavier casually raised a hand to summon his assistant and instructed, “Pack the rose tea that Mr. Norton previously gifted me and bring it over to Ms. Young here.” 
Mr. Norton? Did he mean Fabian? No way. Fabian wouldn’t gift this guy rose tea, would he? Hannah contemplated this for a moment before pushing the entire thought aside. It must be Mr. Norton from another company with the same name. Yeah, that person probably gifted the tea to Xavier. 
Xavier’s assistant narrowed his eyes in confusion. A gift from Mr. Norton? Are you certain, Mr. Jackson? Why am I not aware of this? 
The assistant’s face paled uncomfortably. He tapped on Xavier’s arm and leaned in to whisper, “Perhaps you’re mistaken, Mr. Jackson?” 
Xavier flashed an ‘excuse me’ smile at Hannah before turning his head to growl in a lowered, hoarse voice at his assistant. ”You idiot. It’s the rose tea that I got from Finnick whilst hitting on some girls that one time.”
###Chapter 1079
Chapter 1079 
“Oh! I understand now, I’ll get them right away.” 
The assistant lowered his head and mumbled to himself. Mr. Jackson, you are such a joker. Instead of insisting it was a gift, you should’ve just called it “stolen rose tea” from Mr. Norton. I knew Mr. Norton never gifted you anything. 
This assistant had been close with Xavier since their university days. When Xavier inherited Jackson Group, he invited the assistant to work by his side, so the two were also friends in private. 
“Oh, dear. My lax staff management is starting to encourage negligence in my employees. How could he forget all about the gift to the point where I have to remind him myself.” Xavier coughed lightly as he embarrassingly explained his odd exchange with his assistant earlier. 
“It’s okay,” Hannah said as she shook her head. She didn’t want to cause the assistant any unnecessary punishment. As an employee herself, she hated unfair treatment. Several of her team members had been sacked due to customer complaints, so she could empathize with him. 
Hannah took the assistant’s side and defended, “Actually, employees go through the worst. Take us, journalists, for instance; the company requires us to forage for juicy content, but this can easily upset the interviewees and lead to complaints against us. Plus, the more serious cases can lead to lawsuits. However, if we fail to write anything interesting, we’ll get punished by our superiors. Perhaps your assistant is too overwhelmed with arranging your daily schedule, so he forgot about the tea unintentionally. It’s not entirely his fault for forgetting”. 
Xavier almost snorted at this. He thought to himself, Him? Arranging my daily schedule? How’s that possible? This bugger has been indulging in feasts and drinking to his heart’s content alongside me these past few days. He’s had too much of a merry time to be bothered by any work.
For obvious reasons, Xavier couldn’t outright say these thoughts. So he pretended to brood at her words, then nodded solemnly and said, “You’re right, Ms. Young. Life has not been easy on these employees.” 
Immediately after, he flashed a sly grin and asked, “It sounds like your superiors are exceedingly strict with employees. I wonder if you were forced to interview me today, Ms. Young?” 
Hannah really wanted to retort and say, “Oh, you couldn’t tell?” 
But she wasn’t sure whether the senior editor would allow her to continue interviewing Xavier if she did blurt out those words. Moreover, saying those words meant revealing to Xavier that it wasn’t her intention to interview him at all. I’d be too embarrassed to conduct any more future interviews with him. 
“No, the senior editor didn’t force me,” Hannah lied through her lips. 
Oh, Mr. Dijon. Look at the extreme lengths I have gone for the company. At this point, I’m more than deserving of the ’employee of the month’ award. Or at least a gold star or some kind of recognition. 
Xavier interjected before Hannah could elaborate. He hummed suspiciously at her answer. The smile on his face widened, revealing a neat row of pearly-white teeth. Then. he chuckled and affirmed his own assumption, “So you came to interview me on your own accord, Ms. Young? I must say I’m flattered.” 
What? Hannah was taken aback by what he said. Can you be any more narcissistic than you already are? She wanted to correct him, but her lips thinned into a line as she didn’t know how to go about it. How do I explain it to him? What do I tell him next? 
As luck would have it, Xavier’s assistant appeared with an elaborate gift bag looped in his hand and saved Hannah from her flabbergasted state. He announced as he gasped for air, “Mr. Jackson, I’ve
brought the tea.” 
Xavier’s sharp gaze snapped at his assistant. How convenient! Of all the times for you to show up, you chose to appear while I’m in the middle of picking up this woman. I’m starting to wonder if you did this on purpose. 
Yet, Xavier only glared at his assistant without saying a word. What a blo*dy timing! He reached for the bag in his assistant’s hand and passed it over to Hannah. “Ms. Young, my apologies for making you wait. This is the rose tea from my friend, that I was telling you about. Here, sample it and let me know if it’s to your liking. If it is, I can ask my friend for more right away.” 
Hannah’s hands twitched uncomfortably as she took the bag of tea from Xavier. She felt odd at the unexpected gift as she was only doing her job to interview him. 
“Thank you for your kind gift, Mr. Jackson.” 
“Come on, Ms. Young. I predict that there’ll be more future interviews to help increase our company’s exposure and whatnot. Given how professional and efficient you are, I may turn to you for assistance frequently, so please accept this token of my appreciation in advance. Besides, it’s a great honor to be friends with such a fine woman like you.”
###Chapter 1080
Chapter 1080 
Xavier spoke with a straight face on. It sounded like he meant every word he said, but he was the only one who knew how he truly felt. 
Hannah was proactive in showing up and asking for an interview, but he had somehow turned things around. At that moment, it sounded like he asked her to help promote his company. 
Still, hearing how Xavier praising her skills and her beauty got Hannah to grin happily. That was understandable. After all, who wouldn’t enjoy being complimented like that? 
Hannah was shy, and her face turned to a shade of red. That made her even cuter and sweeter to Xavier. 
“Mr. Jackson, your words are so kind. I was worried that I’d bother you with this interview. As for being friends… Someone as powerful as you are willing to lower your stance and be friends with a lowly worker like me. That is truly rare. I’m glad that you don’t see me in distaste. Let’s be friends.” 
Hannah had been working in that industry for some time, so she had learned the social rules. She knew how to handle such questions, but she didn’t just respond politely as most experienced individuals do. Instead, she paid slightly more attention and spoke in a more considerate tone. 
“Haha, that would be amazing,” replied Xavier, after chuckling aloud. His admiration toward Hannah increased yet again. 
He thought that women like Hannah, who is youthful, beautiful, and intelligent, were rare. In fact, she was the only person he had ever met with all three traits. Most women he met were either pretentious creatures with greedy hearts or brainless bimbos with huge breasts. None of them attracted him.
“It’s late, and I should leave,” added Hannah. She recalled how she had to send a message to Fabian or he would rush over when he couldn’t find her at home. Things would be troublesome if he causes a scene here. 
“Alright, let’s go. It’s time for me to clock off as well, so let’s head out together,” replied Xavier. If she were any other woman, she would’ve made an excuse and said she’d like to treat me to a meal to thank me. After that, she’d try to seduce me. 
Hannah didn’t think much of anything. She simply nodded before exiting the place with Xavier. 
“Where are you headed to? Do you need a ride?” asked Xavier, who spoke nonchalantly even though he was working hard and was taking the initiative to build a rapport with her. 
If I tell him that I’m heading home, he will likely offer to drive me. It’d be awkward if I reject his offer then. I should just tell him that someone is picking me up. The worst I’d have to do under that circumstance is to wait until after he left before I grab a cab. 
“Oh, there’s no need for that. Someone’s picking me up,” replied Hannah after considering the situation. 
Xavier had dealt with a lot more people than Hannah had, so it was virtually impossible for him to not see through what Hannah was thinking. 
Xavier secretly thought, Seriously? I bet you just don’t want me to give you a ride. Looks like I will have to bring out the big guns. 
“Okay, then. I’ll leave without you since someone will be here shortly to pick you up,” said Xavier, before he stepped forward. He reached out and tried to kiss the back of her hand like a gentleman to
bid her goodbye. Dozens of beautiful women had fallen for Xavier after he made that move and kissed their hands. Hence, he was rather confident about it since it had never failed him before. 
However, something unexpected happened. He hadn’t even touched Hannah’s hand before someone else blocked him and slapped his hand away. 
Slap! Both Hannah and Xavier turned to the source of the slap at the same time. They thought that what happened earlier was too surprising and bordering on ridiculous. Who on Earth would attack the head of the Jackson Group while standing in front of the company’s headquarters? Are they tired of breathing or something? 
The two adults blurted simultaneously, “Fabian!” 
In addition to being surprised, Hannah was also a little excited and happy. You came? The way she saw it was that since Fabian showed up to look for her, then it must mean that he still cared about her. 
Xavier, on the other hand, was glaring with anger and suspicion. It was as if he was demanding an answer from Fabian and asking why the latter showed up to disrupt his plans.
###Chapter 1081
Chapter 1081 
At that moment, Fabian’s expression was downright evil. His dark brown eyes shone with so much hostility that it looked like he was hunting for his prey from the dark. Its razor-sharp gaze zeroed in from the sky and was targeting Xavier. 
“Xavier Jackson, do not touch my woman with your filthy hands and don’t assume that I am too intimidated to go after you. If you cross the line, I won’t show you any mercy even if he begs on your behalf,” warned Fabian in his deep voice, which carried insurmountable power and aggression. 
Hannah instantly turned into a lovesick puppy. She felt as if incidents like that would only happen in fairy tales, but it had actually happened to her. How could she not go starry-eyed under those circumstances? 
Wow! He is so cool. What did he just say? I didn’t mishear him, did I? He called me his woman. Is that how he really sees me? Or is he just saying that to help me out of a sticky situation? 
Fabian didn’t care about how Hannah would react, and he definitely wasn’t interested in learning it. As far as he was concerned, Xavier only saw Hannah as a plaything. I know exactly what kind of a man Xavier is. After saying his piece, Fabian grabbed Hannah’s wrist and left immediately for the car that was parked only a short distance away. He shoved her in it. 
Vroom! The engine started soon after. Fabian and Hannah zipped down the road in the car while Xavier was left standing at the same spot. 
Xavier looked terrible at that moment. Any guy would be infuriated if another man got in his way while he was flirting with a beautiful woman. For spoiled, rich men like Xavier, who had grown up with a silver spoon, it was even more difficult to endure.
Xavier narrowed his eyes and spat through gritted teeth, “You didn’t even need to throw the first punch. I would’ve already attacked you if it wasn’t for your connection to him.” 
Xavier’s fury quickly turned into a cunning grin when he added, “Your woman, huh? So Hannah is yours? Looks like I will have to spend more effort on her.” 
Fabian looked grouchy in the luxurious car he was in. He had the box of rose tea that Xavier had just given Hannah and was glaring intently at Hannah. He didn’t need to be angry to intimidate anyone, and his glare got Hannah to tremble internally. “Aren’t you going to explain yourself?” demanded the guy. 
Explain myself? Why would I need to explain myself? All I did was head over to conduct an interview. What is there to explain? Hannah was a little upset. Fabian could be a little controlling sometimes, and she was unhappy with it. However, she didn’t dare to fight back, so she had been holding it in. 
“Why did you turn quiet? I saw how the two of you were chatting happily and smiling just seconds ago. What? You can’t talk now that you’re with me? What is the meaning of this?” demanded Fabian. He no longer cared what Hannah was thinking and was interrogating her endlessly. 
Hannah remained quiet. The truth was that she honestly had no idea what was there to say. Moreover, she thought that Fabian was being unreasonable. 
Fabian opened the wrap containing the tea and got a beautiful wooden box out of it. A faint, refreshing scent exuded. 
“A delicate rose tea for a delicate woman. How romantic. If I remember correctly, I am the one who taught you the benefit of drinking tea, am I not? Hah! This is so funny. He’s using the very thing I taught you to mock me! Don’t forget that we are legally married, Hannah Young. Do you think it’s appropriate for a married woman to accept gifts like that?”
Fabian was downright infuriated. His love and heart were slowly but surely moving toward Hannah, but her nonchalance was the thanks he received. This woman is too much! 
Hannah was getting angry as well. Nothing ever happened between her and Xavier, and Fabian’s words were too insulting. 
The anger that Hannah had long suppressed finally got ignited by Fabian. Like an erupting volcano, her words spewed uncontrollably. 
“What gives you the right to say that, Fabian? My senior editor sent me over to interview him, and he gave me a box of tea after the interview. What is wrong with that? What was I supposed to do? Refuse to accept it? I am not you. I am not the president of Phoenix Group, and I need a job. The senior editor threatened to fire me if I mess this up. Do you even know what it means to be fired? No, of course not. How could you know? You are a spoilt brat who grew up with a silver spoon. How could you understand the frustration that we common folks have to endure?” 
Hannah’s emotions were running wild, and her tears swirled around her eyes as she added, “Also, please don’t insult my value and honor. I have never done anything to hurt you after we got married. I, Hannah Young, am guilt-!”
###Chapter 1082
Chapter 1082 
Fabian calmed down after hearing those words. His emotions clouded his judgment earlier. If he actually thought things through, he would see that there was nothing off about how the two interacted. 
“You, on the other hand, are not. Do you not know that we are married? What have you done since? Have you shown me even a shred of respect? Aren’t you crossing the line a little even though we didn’t get married out of love? You got close to Yvette right in front of me and ignored me completely. Now, I finally see that the two of you are into each other. Fine, rather than us being unhappy together, why don’t we just get a divorce? It’s what you want, isn’t it? That way, you can run off into the sunset with your precious Yvette.” 
Hannah’s voice turned thick with tears toward the end of her sentence. Burning tears rolled down her cheeks slowly until they reached the side of her lips and slipped into her mouth. My tears are as bitter as my life… 
Turned out, she still cared. Fabian deliberately flirted with Yvette to see if Hannah would get jealous. He wanted to see if Hannah still cared about him, but she suppressed her emotions and never spoke to him about it. That got Fabian to misread the situation and assumed that Hannah didn’t care about him at all. That, in turn, prompted Fabian to pay less attention to Hannah because he didn’t want to embarrass himself. 
Hearing all those words and learning that Hannah’s distant behavior was just an act… Fabian couldn’t help feeling rather pleased. Like Xavier, Fabian had countless women throwing themselves at him, but he admired Hannah’s honest and straightforward style. She was youthful and smart, but she was not calculating. 
Hannah was crying so much that it was as if she was made of tears. Regret and guilt rose within Fabian, but he didn’t know how to comfort her at that moment. Hence, he had no choice but to tilt
toward Hannah and open his arms to pull her into a warm hug. 
“I’m sorry. It’s my fault for breaking your heart,” said Fabian. Hannah was resisting and pushing him away, but he whispered those words into her ears, anyway. 
Hannah felt even worse after hearing what he said, but she held him in her arms and bawled her eyes out. 
“Fabian Norton, you are a blo*dy jerk! You’re so mean. Can’t you just be a little nicer to me? I am a woman, after all. How can you bully me like that?” complained Hannah between sobs. 
Fabian gently stroked her and said, “I was wrong, but I promise that you are the only one in my heart now.” 
He was being honest. After an entire year of hanging out together, Fabian had developed inexplicable feelings for Hannah. He didn’t know when he started feeling that way, but the emotions he felt were overwhelming and passionate. 
Hannah lay in Fabian’s arms and cried endlessly. It took her a while before she slowly calmed down. 
Soon after, the car reached the entrance of their home. Fabian softly tapped Hannah’s cheeks, which were full of tears, and tried to dry them for her. “Hey, we’re home now,” said Fabian. 
He had Hannah’s soft hand in his muscular hand, so she could feel just how warm his hand was. 
At that moment, Hannah’s heart was brimming with conflicting emotions. She didn’t know if she was happy or sad. Why must Fabian turn over a new leaf and nurture this love just when I am about to give up all hope? Can’t he just let that hope dissipate entirely? At least then I won’t be heartbroken over this again.
Hannah never said a word. Her expression was blank, and she suspected the validity of Fabian’s earlier words. She walked stiffly like a robot and followed Fabian into the house. 
Fabian stopped short the second he opened the door. He didn’t utter a word when he looked ahead in surprise. His voice carried a hint of disbelief when he called out, “Mom?” 
The woman standing in the house turned around and saw the two adults. She replied calmly, “You’re both home.” 
Hannah tilted her head up suddenly. She was at a loss for words, and her eyes bulged in disbelief as she looked at that woman. 
Fabian’s mom? What is she doing here? Why didn’t Fabian tell me beforehand? Or did she spring her visit on him as well? 
Fabian was stunned. He sounded stiff when he asked, “Mom, what brought you here?” 
“What? Am I not allowed to visit my son’s place?”
###Chapter 1083
Chapter 1083 
Fabian’s mom, Heather, had always been upset about how Fabian married Hannah. She thought that Hannah was not worthy of her incredible son, who was in a noble family. She wasn’t actually a mean person, but her way of thinking was more traditional, so she believed that only people of the same social status should get married. To her, Hannah was nothing but a lowly journalist. 
Hannah was aware of all that as well. She knew that Fabian was out of her league, but she was forced to marry him, too. That got her to sigh internally. The never-ending soap opera of a rich family. 
“Um, of course not. Sit, please,” said Fabian as he forced a smile onto his face. He was secretly displeased with his mom’s attitude, but what could he do? The person standing in front of him wasn’t some business tycoon or political leader. That was his mom! 
Heather walked to the sofa and sat down, but her expression remained hostile and brimming with discrimination. 
Hannah looked a little off as well. She knew that Heather’s grouchy expression and hostility were directed at her, but she refused to butter Heather up. She felt like doing all that would just make herself seem even smaller. 
Fabian nudged Hannah and signaled her with his eyes. 
Hannah read the social cue and took a deep breath before she spoke politely and sweetly, “Mom, you’re here.” 
Heather rolled her eyes at Hannah. She didn’t like her, but the social rules dictated that she needed to be polite. Hence, she responded with a half-hearted “Hmm.”
Hannah didn’t really know what to do after greeting Heather, so the situation turned awkward. Fabian tried to keep both sides happy. 
“Mom, this is Hannah. I told you earlier about her. Sorry, I’ve been busy at work lately, so I didn’t go and visit you.” 
They were forced to get married, so Hannah and Fabian simply signed their names on the paper without having a reception. Fabian didn’t want his mother to butt into his love life. Hence, he had been dragging his feet, and that was actually the first time Hannah and Heather met. 
Heather secretly examined her own son. Naturally, she knew all about what her son had been doing lately, but Hannah was present, so Heather didn’t feel right talking about it. She simply complained bitterly, “Yes, you have been busy. So busy that you don’t even take the time to visit your own mother.” 
Fabian started sweating upon hearing those words. His mother had been spoiling him since he was a kid, and he frequently visited her even when he was busy at work. That was no longer the case after he married Hannah. He felt guilty about his marriage with Hannah and was worried about his mom interrogating him because he wouldn’t know how to answer her questions. 
He could get away with dismissing her questions once or twice, but if he kept doing that, his mother would undoubtedly become suspicious. Hence, Fabian stopped going home altogether to prevent any unwanted issues from arising. 
Fabian honestly didn’t know if he wanted to laugh or cry at his mother’s childish stance. He understood that his mom needed someone to coo her at that moment, so he cleared his throat and spoke up. 
“Mom, we were just about to go visit you. See what Hannah is holding? That’s rose tea. She knows about the health benefits of tea and went out of her way to get it for you. You know that she is a
journalist and that she doesn’t have much time. She had been feeling guilty about not visiting you earlier, so she asked for some time off from her senior editor just to go visit you.” 
Fabian was making things up because he didn’t want Hannah to feel awkward. 
Hannah couldn’t help finding everything funny. The way Fabian lowered his stance… Haha, who would’ve thought that the renowned Mr. Norton has a side this cute? He can tackle economic storms and squash competitors. Yet, he turns into a sweet house pet that butters its master up when faced with a harmless, elderly lady. 
Fabian signaled to Hannah once more to get her to hand the tea over. To his surprise, Hannah stood there without responding. She had a silly grin on her, and that got Fabian irritated. Seriously, woman. You are so dumb that you should be hospitalized. Can you not get distracted at a crucial moment like this? 
Hannah suddenly felt a sting on her foot. She instinctively shifted her gaze down because she felt like heavy lead had suddenly landed on her foot. It didn’t matter how hard she tried. She simply couldn’t lift it. 
Soon, Hannah realized that Fabian’s foot was right on top of hers. She turned to Fabian fearfully. Turned out, she was better off not turning to him, because what she saw was his murderous gaze. Hannah had completely rendered Fabian speechless. I am trying to get you back to reality, woman. Why are you having a battle of strength against me?
###Chapter 1084
Chapter 1084 
Hannah instinctively shied away when she was facing that terrifying glare. Feeling guilty, she placed the tea on the coffee table in front of the sofa without saying a word. 
Hannah was exasperated as well. She honestly didn’t know what to say. She was not good at buttering others up, and she would blush whenever she lied. It didn’t even matter if it was a white lie. Fabian had set everything up to make her look nicer, so she couldn’t go against that. Moreover, Fabian’s mother didn’t like Hannah in the first place and she would dislike Hannah even more if she figured out that someone else bought the tea. 
Fabian sighed internally when he saw Hannah standing there stiffly. You’ve always been very smart to read a situation, so why is your acting off in front of my mom? Gah, nevermind. I’ll do it myself. 
“Hannah, mom came all the way here. Why don’t you go and make some tea?” 
Hearing those words seemed to have zapped Hannah’s mind. She immediately replied, “Okay, I’ll go and do that now.” After that, Hannah ran away quickly. 
Fabian sat on the sofa once Hannah left the room. He asked again, “Mom, why did you come over all of a sudden?” 
Heather sounded annoyed when she demanded, “Am I not allowed to visit? You’ve been married for almost a year, but I have never met my daughter-in-law before. Didn’t you say that you would take her to come to visit us?” 
Heather shot a look at Hannah, who was still making tea. The former said, “Follow me into the study. I have something to talk to you about.” 
She got up and headed to the study once she finished talking.
Fabian shook his head. He seemed a little irritated. He knew what his mother wanted to talk to him about, so he stood up and looked at Hannah’s back before heading into the study as well. 
The second Fabian stepped into the study, Heather complained openly, “Are you sure that the two of you are right for each other? She looks somewhat beautiful, but do you really think she can become a member of the Norton family?” 
Fabian grinned bitterly. Looks like it is inevitable, after all. He took a deep breath before speaking up. 
“Mom, it’s the twenty-first century. Please stop binding me with those outdated values. So what if she is not from a powerful family? I can make up for it, can’t I? Phoenix Group is doing well under my management, and we don’t need a political marriage to strengthen my position in the company. Growing up, I’ve always obeyed your words. Will you go with my decision just this once?” 
Fabian’s mother had always been soft-hearted. That was why Fabian stepped closer and held his mother’s hand as he spoke from his heart. 
His method was extremely effective because Heather softened her stance almost immediately. Still, she pointed out, “I’m just voicing out my concern for your sake. Besides, even if I am okay with it, how will the others take it? Would the other members of the Norton family accept her as one of our own? I’m not trying to make things difficult for you, but you have to think about these things, don’t you?” 
Fabian was glad to see his mother softening. He knew that it wouldn’t actually be that difficult to solve the issue. All he needed was for his mom to like Hannah. 
“Mom, I’m not marrying the other members of the Norton family, and it’s not like I’m going to spend the rest of my life with them. Who cares about them? I am happy with Hannah, and you’ve always wanted me to happy, right? My life with Hannah is great, and I’m sure you won’t want us to get a divorce.”
Fabian could see that his mom was swaying, so he decided to strike while the iron was hot. He added, “Mom, as you see, Hannah might not be from a rich family, but her aura is just as regal. To top it off, she is kind and innocent. That makes her much better than the rich girls who are always scheming. You don’t want your son to spend the rest of his life being on guard and fending off schemes, do you? If that is what you truly desire, though, then I have no choice.” 
Heather had always been a rich socialite, but she was not an unreasonable person. She also loathed the internal drama and schemes in rich families 
Fabian put on a sorrowful look and sighed. He shook his head in disappointment and acted as if he was heartbroken over something that had already been set in stone. 
Heather knew that her son was just putting on an act, but he had also made his decision. As his mother, she couldn’t get too involved in the matter. All she could do was sigh internally. Every parent is a pitiful creature. No mother would ever wish unhappiness upon her own son.
###Chapter 1085
Chapter 1085 
“I thought you were just making things up when you first told me that you’re married. I never thought that it was true. Oh well, since you’ve already signed the papers, then I can’t actually do anything or demand that you two get divorced,” said Heather in a somewhat exasperated tone. 
“You are so understanding, Mom. I am the luckiest guy to be blessed with a mother like you,” said Fabian upon hearing those words. His heart finally relaxed as he secretly sighed a breath of relief. That prompted him to butter his mom up a little. 
Heather rolled her eyes at Fabian before she scolded, “Also, I’ve got to talk to you about something. You’re already married, so you should behave the way all married men of the Norton family do. Be nice to your wife and stop hanging out in places like pubs and clubs. Seriously, you hit the headlines so often. Do you think that’s appropriate?” 
Fabian turned speechless immediately. What the hell? She just accepted Hannah a second ago, and now she’s siding her and going against me? Isn’t the change a little too drastic? 
After that, Heather nagged Fabian a little more. She mostly reminded him to be wary of his actions and words. 
“Oh, by the way, the two of you have been married for so long. Set a time to invite her parents out for a meal or something. It’s about time the in-laws from both sides meet each other,” said Heather. She had actually talked about the matter a few times, but all Fabian did was offer empty promises. He never actually made any arrangement, and that delayed the meeting endlessly. 
“If you keep dragging your feet like that, I will personally extend that invitation to them. It’s been a year, but the two families had never even met. How can you not be worried about it? If this matter is exposed, everyone will see us as a joke,” complained Heather.
“Okay, I will talk to Hannah about it later. You must be hungry by now. Come, let’s eat. It’s been a while since we ate together,” said Fabian quickly to change the topic. He worried that his mom would nag endlessly until the night fell. 
“No. You and Hannah eat on your own. The main reason I came here was to meet up with your aunts. They invited me over for some tea, and I happen to travel past this area. Thus, I simply thought that I’d take a short detour to meet my mysterious daughter-in-law.” 
After saying her piece, Heather shook her head and glared at Fabian in distaste before scolding, “Seriously, boy. Do you take yourself as the ancient emperor who hid his lover in a house of gold?” 
Naturally, Fabian knew about the story of how an emperor kept his lover in a house of gold to keep her safe. He compared himself with the emperor and found that they were nothing alike. The emperor hid the woman away out of love. Fabian, on the other hand, kept Hannah a secret out of guilt. 
Hannah sat on the sofa in the living room, all on her own. Her heart was beating nervously as she stared at the study. They’ve been inside for some time now. I wonder what they’re talking about. 
Heather must think that I am not good enough for Fabian. Hannah kept massaging her own hand nervously and was gradually increasing her strength without noticing it. Will she demand that Fabian and I get a divorce so he can marry someone of the same social status? 
I wonder how Fabian would react. Given his usual style, will he spring up and protest against his mom? Maybe he’ll scream, “No, I want to spend the rest of my life with Hannah, and no one, not even you, can stop me!” 
Thinking about that got Hannah to grin happily. Unfortunately, that happiness quickly dissipated. Her beautiful image was shattered because she recalled how Fabian acted earlier when he was standing in
front of Heather. He was nothing like the powerful tycoon he was. Instead, he was as tame as a fluffy sheep. 
Hannah had her head down. Her gaze turned blank, and her lips slowly curved downward. Given his earlier behavior, it’s likely that he would just say, “Sure thing, Mom. I’ll divorce her. Whatever you say goes.” 
Dozens of different scenarios ran past Hannah’s mind, and there were countless possibilities as far as she was concerned. Most of what she came up with was bad. A sense of uneasiness and anger swelled up within her. What gives? Why can’t people of different social statuses have love? Are we to give up our happiness because it upsets society? How ridiculous! 
Click! The door to the study opened slowly. Hannah knew that meant that their discussion had come to a solution. She took a deep breath and waited quietly for the verdict. 
“Hannah, come here,” requested Heather. No one could tell if Heather was happy or not, but her tone had turned much warmer. 
“Mom,” greeted Hannah after deliberating the situation.
###Chapter 1086
Chapter 1086 
Hannah walked over slowly. Everything felt a little familiar to her because she had seen it in the movies before. This is how the rich deal with things. First, they smile and ask the female lead to leave on her own accord. If the female lead refuses to do so, the story will progress with her being thrown into a series of temptations and/or threats. 
Perhaps it was because Hannah watched too much tv and that got her accustomed to everything, but she felt nothing at all. She was strangely calm and even had a polite grin on her face. 
Heather was very satisfied with Hannah’s performance. The former acted distantly and ignored her when they first met. However, Hannah responded with a grin, regardless of how Heather behaved. She seems genuine as well. 
“Hannah, you and Fabian are married, so you are a member of the Norton family now. Build a good life with Fabian and try your best not to get into any arguments. Remember that there is nothing that a married couple can’t overcome together,” advised Heather. 
She was talking as someone who had been through it all. As she spoke, she reached out slowly and held Hannah’s slender hand. Heather caressed Hannah’s hand and chuckled before complimenting, “Hmm, your hands are so soft and smooth. They much better than mine when I was younger.” 
Hannah never expected any of that. She had considered the possibility that Fabian might be able to change Heather’s mind, but she assumed that Heather would still be reluctant to accept her. However, Heather showed no signs of distaste or reluctance. She definitely has no intention of demanding that Fabian and I get a divorce. 
Perhaps it was because Heather had complimented her, but Hannah felt her face burning red a little. Hannah’s smile became so big that her eyes curved a little. She replied, “Mom, you have flattered me
with your compliments. You’re making me blush.” 
At that moment, Heather seemed sweet and kind as she smiled back. She looked at Fabian before she reverted her attention back to Hannah. She squeezed Hannah’s hand a little before letting go. 
Heather took off the bracelet she had on before she reached out for Hannah again. However, she went for Hannah’s wrist instead of her hand. Heather never gave Hannah a chance to say anything before putting the bracelet on Hannah. The former looked genuinely happy, but her tone seemed a little serious. 
“Hannah, you’re the daughter-in-law of the Norton family, so this should be handed to you. My mother- in-law gave it to me, and now, I am handing it to you. It’s not an expensive item, but it had been with the Norton family for generations.” 
Hannah could still feel the warmth Heather left on the bracelet, and that confirmed that Hannah wasn’t dreaming. This is actually happening! 
What is going on? Does this reaffirm my status as the daughter-in-law of the Norton family? Is everything really that dramatic? Shouldn’t things like these only happen in movies? Why is it happening to me? 
Hannah’s jaw dropped. Tons of questions kept swirling in her mind, and she couldn’t believe anything that was happening right in front of her. 
“T-this is too valuable. I can’t keep it,” replied Hannah stiffly because she didn’t have much time to consider the situation. Fabian and I only got married due to some sudden incidents. I can’t possibly accept this bracelet which carried a lot of sentimental value. 
“What? Are you unwilling to be a part of the Norton family?” demanded Heather while feigning fury.
“I-I…” Hannah was at a loss for words after Heather ambushed her like that. It was as if her mind had short-circuited, and she didn’t know what to say. 
Fabian signaled Hannah from the side to get her to keep the gift. 
Hannah frowned deeply after receiving his signal. She sighed internally and thought, Gah, we’re already stuck in this situation. Looks like we’ll have to go with the flow. 
In the end, Hannah decided to stop refusing the offer. She simply explained her previous behavior by saying, “Mom, I meant that I feel bad for keeping the bracelet because is too valuable. I didn’t mean that I don’t want to be a part of the family.” 
“I’m glad to hear that. It doesn’t matter if it is expensive or not. It is fated to be yours eventually,” informed Heather with a bright smile on her face. The former was rather pleased with the latter. Fabian is right. She may not be from a rich family, but she is not scheming at all. 
All Hannah could do was grin politely. Her wrist, however, felt ever so heavy. This bracelet feels heavier than a mountain. Will Heather pass out from anger if she discovers the real reason Fabian and I got married?
###Chapter 1087
Chapter 1087 
“Alright then, Hannah. I have some other things to tend to, so I won’t be joining you and Fabian for a meal,” informed Heather. She was truly taking a liking to Hannah, so her tone was much nicer. 
“Huh? You’re leaving? I made some soup just for you.” 
Looks like that pot of soup is wasted. Still, that is probably for the best. Things might get awkward if we have a meal together. 
Hannah could sense the immense change in Heather, but she still worried. There is no saying how Fabian and I will end up. It would be so awkward if we end up getting a divorce and I bump into Heather after that… Hence, Hannah thought that it was better if there was less interaction between the two. 
Fabian and Hannah later walked Heather to the door. When they went back into the house and the door was closed, Hannah immediately took off the bracelet that Heather gave her. 
Hannah put the bracelet in front of Fabian and parted her cute cherry lips to say, “Here you go.” 
Fabian blurted a surprised response. A faint grin that carried a lot of meaning soon made its way to his lips. He replied, “Why are you giving it to me? My mom gave it to you. She didn’t give it to me.” 
Hearing Fabian’s strange words got Hannah speechless. Your mom gave it to me, but what if we get a divorce in the future? Are you going to ask me to give it back then? Things would be so bad, and it’s better if I just give it back to you now. 
“I can’t keep something like this. What if it got scratched or broken? I won’t be able to bear with the consequences,” refuted Hannah. What if your mom asks for it back after I accidentally broke it and we ended up getting a divorce? I won’t be able to get it for her. She would skin me alive then.
“I don’t care. If you insist on handing it to me, I will give it right back to my mom and tell her that you don’t want it,” replied Fabian shamelessly. A devious grin revealed itself. It’s as if he was openly taunting her. Yep, I’m being unreasonable and shameless. What are you going to do about that? Bite me? 
Hannah saw right through Fabian’s expression and his words. Isn’t this a little too much? 
Hannah pouted and complained, “Fabian, you shameless oaf!” 
Fabian didn’t mind her diss. He simply strode to the study while commenting nonchalantly, “Didn’t you say that you have made soup? My mom left, so I’ll have some instead. I’ll head over to the study for now. Come get me once it’s ready.” 
Hannah suddenly recalled that she hadn’t turned the stove off. She yelped, “Ah, the soup!” She rushed into the kitchen immediately after. 
Fabian couldn’t help chuckling after hearing that. This woman is just as clueless and as silly as she has always been. That’s fine, though. It makes the place much livelier. 
Fortunately, Hannah didn’t keep the fire high. If she had, the soup would’ve already been burnt. 
She made a few more dishes and placed them on the table before shouting out unwillingly, “It’s ready. Come eat.” 
She complained internally, Seriously, dude. You didn’t hire a maid. Instead, you married a woman. Why do I have to take care of you every day? It’s not like you’re a cripple. Why can’t you cook for yourself? 
Hannah was only complaining because she was still angry with what Fabian said earlier. She wasn’t actually mad about the cooking.
Hearing Hannah’s words, Fabian got up and walked over slowly. 
“Huh? Where is your bracelet?” demanded Fabian when he realized that the item that marked her as his woman was gone. 
Dude, I am a journalist. Are you sure you want me to run around with that on my wrist? What if I accidentally break it? Besides, I have tons to do on a daily basis. Unlike you rich folks, I can’t just sit around in the house all day. I have to work! 
“I-I took it off,” replied Hannah in a somewhat guilty tone. 
Fabian looked unbothered as he ate something. He later said, “Oh, you took it off. I actually don’t mind it that much.” 
Hannah couldn’t help sighing a breath of relief after hearing that. She hadn’t even finished breathing out before she heard Fabian’s voice continued speaking. 
“But, as you know, I am terrible at keeping secrets, so you can’t blame me if I let slip with my mom and tell her that you haven’t been wearing it,” added Fabian calmly as he put on an innocent grin.
###Chapter 1088
Chapter 1088 
What the f*ck? You? Terrible at keeping secrets? This is obviously a threat! 
Fury burned within Hannah. Seeing Fabian’s devilish grin, she felt like he was in extreme need of a good punching. Unfortunately, she wouldn’t be able to beat him. 
Every time something similar happened, Hannah would comfort herself and think something along the lines of Hmph, I will let you go this one time. 
Naturally, she would do the same again. 
There actually was nothing she could do about Fabian’s threat. If he actually told his mom about it, and things spiraled out of control, Hannah would be the one who had to pay the price. 
She was truly curious, though. What did he tell his mom to change her stance so drastically? 
“What did you tell your mom? How did you get her to change so drastically?” 
“What do you mean when you say ‘your mom’? Is she not your mom too?” said Fabian through gritted teeth without answering her actual question. 
“Okay, fine. Our mom. Does that sound better?” asked Hannah while rolling her eyes. Are you a kid? Why are you bothered by every tiny thing? 
“My mom is actually a pretty decent person. You simply don’t know her that well,” answered Fabian. He had put his cutlery down and was looking at Hannah as he spoke. 
What the hell? So you’re allowed to call her your mom, but I can’t? Hannah was so angry that she wanted to refute, but when she saw how serious Fabian looked, she became at a loss for words. In the
end, all she could do was reply calmly, “Okay, maybe I misunderstood her.” 
Fabian nodded. He looked like he was about to deliver a speech when he said, “The truth is…” 
Hannah noticed Fabian’s stance, so she quickly stood up and interrupted, “I’m done, too. Let’s put everything away and rest up. We’ll have to work later.” 
It’s better if I know less about the drama behind a rich family’s closed doors. 
Fabian grinned. He didn’t say much. He simply got up and exchanged some pleasantries with Hannah before he headed out to the company. 
He didn’t specify anything, but Hannah had a feeling that he had to work overtime because of her. 
She recalled what Fabian told her that day, and a sense of warmth engulfed her heart. 
She couldn’t be sure about whether everything was real, or if she had imagined it all to comfort herself. 
Hannah shook her head and picked up her notebook before heading into the study. 
Fabian had banned her from working in the bedroom and told her to use his study instead. She didn’t understand why, but she obeyed his instructions, anyway. 
Hannah had just placed her notebook on the table when she saw a book resting peacefully on the side. 
It was obvious that Fabian had read it. No wonder he is so rich. The effort he put into his career is more than anyone can imagine. 
Hannah picked up the book and flipped through it a little. 
A photograph slipped out of the book and landed on the floor.
Hannah bent down to pick the photo back up. She wanted to put it back into the book directly, but she couldn’t contain her curiosity, so she snuck a peek. 
All she saw was a blurry photo of a woman’s figure. There was no way of saying who that woman was, but Hannah was certain that it wasn’t her. She felt like she knew the woman in the photo, but she didn’t know why she felt that way. Perhaps it was a woman’s intuition. 
Hannah tried to search through her memories, but she could not recall who it was. She later gave up and slipped the photo back into the book before she started working on her job. 
It was almost time to clock in for work when she was finally done. She pursed her lips and whispered to herself, “Looks like I am not destined to have a proper afternoon break.” 
She went into the washroom to get ready before she headed to the office. 
A familiar figure suddenly showed up in front of her. The woman with long silky hair was walking confidently toward the sunlight. The silhouette was naturally regal and as beautiful as a blooming rose. 
When that figure moved past her, Hannah became stunned in place. She forgot all about keeping her cool or putting on a poker face and stood there like a statue. When she finally came around, she chased after the woman. 
Who is that woman? Why does Fabian have her photograph hidden in his book? Did he used to have a thing for her?
###Chapter 1089
Chapter 1089 
Hannah ran. She saw the woman slipping into the elevator. The elevator doors closed when the woman finally turned around, so Hannah couldn’t see who the mysterious woman was. 
Hannah sighed. She was so close to her answer, but it was still out of her reach. 
With an inexplicably heavy heart, Hannah walked into the senior editor’s office and handed the documents over. “This is the information I gathered after I interviewed Xavier Jackson,” reported Hannah, “Please take a look and inform me if there is a need to edit it.” 
The senior editor nodded and murmured a reply before accepting the folder and reading carefully. 
Hannah couldn’t help feeling nervous when she saw how serious her senior editor was being. That interview would determine whether or not she’d keep her job. After witnessing the incident that morning, she didn’t dare to mess the interview with Xavier up. 
Hannah prayed silently. Please, let everything be fine. 
Soon, the senior editor finished reading everything and shifted his gaze to Hannah. No one could read his expression, so no one could tell if he was happy or angry. He simply sat there without saying a word. 
Hannah felt like she was standing at the edge of a mountain and sweat kept rolling down her forehead. 
Please say something, even if you want to fire me. Why punish me with that expression and the silence? Hannah was extremely nervous at that moment. 
The senior editor suddenly laughed aloud, and that surprised Hannah. He said, “You did well, Hannah. I’m very happy with your work.”
Hannah tapped her chest trying to calm herself down. She turned to her senior editor and couldn’t help but complain a little, “You had an unreadable expression on and didn’t say a word. That really frightened me.” 
The senior editor’s smile only became brighter after hearing Hannah’s complaint. The former said, “I was just thinking about how you are like a lucky totem. I think I should write a report about you and send it to my boss. I’ll put in a request to make you as a role model for the company and promote you to head reporter. Naturally, your salary and bonus will increase accordingly.” 
Hannah got confused upon hearing that. How did I become a lucky totem? What is going on? Even if I have done well with this interview, it is not enough for the senior editor to act this way. Did the senior editor take the wrong pill or something? Why else would I be rewarded that handsomely? 
“Uh… Can I ask a strange question? What happened?” asked Hannah somewhat awkwardly. 
“Here’s the thing. Mr. Jackson called this afternoon and praised you endlessly. He even said that he wants to do all future interviews with you,” said the senior editor before he paused. 
He then continued, “As you know, interviewing a company’s president is never an easy feat, and that is especially true for presidents of big corporations like Norton Corporation and Jackson Group. Yet, you have accomplished both and did well. Our readers care more about these heads of corporations than they do about celebrities. Hence, you have truly boosted our team’s performance. If you’re not a lucky totem, then I don’t know what is. I also plan to send a request to the higher-ups and ask them to make you interview company presidents exclusively. You won’t have to interview celebrities anymore.” 
Hearing that explanation got Hannah’s heart to beat nervously. Xavier wants me to be the only one who interviews him from now on? What the hell is going on? He and Fabian seem like they are enemies. Will Fabian get angry if I interview Xavier again?
Also, interviewing company presidents exclusively? Handling Fabian alone is giving me a headache. If I have to deal with a few more company presidents, I will die of frustration. 
Even though had promised to increase Hannah’s salary, she couldn’t get herself to be happy about it. The mere thought of Fabian’s furious expression got Hannah to tremble uncontrollably. 
“Can I…?” 
“Nope!” 
“What if…?” 
“Not a chance!” 
Sweat dripped down Hannah’s forehead. Can you at least let me finish my sentence before you refuse my request? 
Hannah was infuriated and anxious, but there was nothing she could do or tell her boss. Fine, I’ll endure it! 
“Don’t reject this offer. I am helping you realize your full potential and giving you a chance to shine within the company. This is for your own good,” informed the senior editor with a straight face on.
###Chapter 1090
Chapter 1090 
Hah! Don’t take me as a fool. I know why you’re doing this. I can’t believe you have the audacity to say that you’re doing it for me. 
The senior editor might’ve felt a little awkward after being stared at like that. He cleared her throat a little before instructing awkwardly, “Uhm, alright then. You may leave. I will assign you a new task when I hear back from the others.” 
Hannah pacified herself internally. I am not defeated by evil or power but bidding my time. That’s right. I am bidding my time. I can only change the world when I am in a position of power. 
Hannah went back to her office and tapped on her desk. There was no rhythm, and she was just making noise as she tapped on the desk. The voice in her heart and mind, however, her thought was in such a mess that it was a match for that noise. 
Who is that mysterious woman? She works in the same building as I do, so could she be my coworker? Or my boss? 
Did Fabian marry me just because the mysterious woman and I have the same job and look alike? Am I just a substitute? 
What caused the conflict between Fabian and Xavier? They are both powerful figures, so it’s understandable that they’d know each other. Maybe they got into some arguments in the past, but is it really so bad that they had to get into a fight as soon as they see each other? 
I have no choice and will have to interact with Xavier in the future. Will Fabian be mad about it? What do I do if he really gets upset? Do I resign from my current position?
A series of troubling questions were annoying Hannah. They were like irritating flies that buzz endlessly and refused to leave. That got Hannah utterly irritated. 
The internal turmoil within Hannah prompted her to toss the documents on her desk right into the bin beside her. This is all your fault, Xavier Jackson. Nothing good ever comes when you show up. 
The more Hannah thought about it, the more she saw Xavier as a harbinger of misfortune. The first time she met him, someone splashed wine all over her and got her disheveled. Their second meeting got Fabian to misread their relationship and argued with her. 
Xavier was giving his assistant some instructions when he suddenly sneezed twice. He rubbed his own nose and cussed, “Huh? Who dares to complain about me behind my back?” 
“No one would dare to complain about you behind your back, my dear Mr. Jackson. I bet you just spent too much effort with a random celebrity last night and that weakened your immune system,” said the assistant, who didn’t hold back when teasing him. 
Xavier’s expression changed for the worse. He slapped the back of the assistant’s head before warning, “You are getting more and more annoying, you punk. Looks like I will have to reassign you to Paul and have him teach you some manners. He can also train you to be a better assistant.” 
The assistant kept massaging the back of his own head after being slapped like that. He said fearfully, “I’ve learned my mistake, Mr. Jackson. Please don’t reassign me to Paul.” 
The assistant had heard all about the horror stories surrounding Paul. Even if I somehow survive through his training, I would go insane. 
“Put your hand down,” requested Xavier calmly. 
The assistant was still a little scared after being slapped. He shook his head and asked, “Huh? Why?”
“So I can check and see if you’re fine!” 
“Oh, it’s nothing. It just stings a little…” 
The assistant hadn’t even finished speaking before Xavier lifted his palm and smacked the back of his assistant’s head again. 
“Go do as I instructed now if you don’t want to be reassigned to Paul.” 
The assistant yelped in pain. Unfortunately, he was terrified of Paul, so he quickly replied, “I will go work on it right away, Mr. Jackson.” 
Xavier grinned a strange grin. No one knew what he was thinking, but his eyes glowed evilly. 
Hannah was in a daze when someone knocked on the door to her office. 
“Come in,” said Hannah, after she quickly got herself together. 
The door was opened soon after and a colleague entered to say, “The senior editor asked you to compile all the information surrounding the interview with Jackson Group’s president. After that, he wants you to go to his office.” 
“Okay, got it,” replied Hannah. She shook her head and thought to herself, Why are you overthinking everything? The most important thing right now is to get your job done. 
After her colleague left, Hannah retrieved the documents from the dustbin and complained, “Xavier Jackson, you are just like a haunting nightmare!”
###Chapter 1091
Chapter 1091 
After what seemed like forever, Hannah pushed the files aside and did some stretching. She muttered, “I’m finally done with this. It’s quite a challenge to write an article about the president. It’s got to be juicy enough to capture the readers’ attention, yet I can’t reveal too much information in order to keep everyone in suspense.” 
Hannah was delighted. Thank God I’m experienced in this. Otherwise, I might tread on some people’s toes. 
She brought along the finalized article to Bob’s office in trepidation. This room is the origin of all problems. Every time I step foot into the office, I’ll walk out with a series of issues. 
“Mr. Dijon, this is my edited document. For your perusal.” 
After reading it, Bob nodded to acknowledge Hannah’s good work. “Please personally send this to Mr. Jackson’s company for him to go through.” 
Huh? Why is there a need to make a trip to his office? Can’t this be done via a phone call? 
Hannah mumbled to herself, “So troublesome.” 
Bob seemed to have heard her remark and emphasized, “You don’t need to return to the office once the article is confirmed. Leave a copy here. Just call if there’s anything to amend further. All right, you may go now.” 
This gesture is too small to be counted as bribery. I won’t fall for that. 
“Noted,” Hannah responded briefly and left.
As she walked back to the common area, she was astonished to see a familiar back profile appearing before her eyes. She had been dying to discover who that person was. 
Out of instinct, she yelled out immediately, “Hey, hold on!” 
Everyone shot bewildered stares at her. It was only then that she realized what she had done. 
Since she had drawn unwanted attention to herself, she could only bite the bullet and continued with the next step. 
Whose enchanting back profile could this be? I can already feel her extraordinary aura exuding from afar. She’s definitely a gorgeous lady. Hannah was looking forward to finding out the identity of the special person. 
She braved the doubtful gaze of the crowd and asked, “Why are you here?” 
Her main intention was to make the woman turn around so that she could see her face. Her back looks so familiar. I’m pretty sure we either know each other or have at least met somewhere. I guess it wasn’t too awkward for me to call out to her like this, right? It’s better than directly requesting her to show her face. 
Upon hearing Hannah’s voice, the woman stopped in her tracks. Slowly, she turned around. 
Hannah widened her eyes and stared at her face intensely. 
Vivian Morrison, the big boss! How could this be? The discovery was a bolt from the blue. Oh my goodness, I even asked her to wait for me and questioned her presence here. 
She finally realized why everyone’s gaze was fixated on her. Anyone who dares to address the Chief Editor like I did in public would automatically enjoy this unique treatment.
The crowd started chattering and discussing. 
“What do you think you’re doing, Hannah? How dare you call upon the Chief Editor in this manner?” 
“Hannah thinks that she’s received a permanent immunity to all workplace courtesy since she’s completed exclusive interviews with two presidents. She even made the Chief Editor wait for her and has the cheek to initiate a small talk like nothing happened.” 
“She’s got some nerve but clearly doesn’t know who she’s dealing with. Do you think Fabian can save her this time?” 
Tittle-tattles were heard all over the office. 
Hannah was deemed as a clown for being rude to the Chief Editor. All the staff assumed that she was so full of herself because she had the backing of Fabian. 
They were anticipating a strict rebuke from the Chief Editor. She’s one of the higher-ups. If others follow in Hannah’s footsteps and talk to her without showing any respect, what does that say about her leadership? 
Frowning, Vivian did not look too happy. She cast a look at Hannah, and it made her feel very uncomfortable.
###Chapter 1092
Chapter 1092 
Hannah could sense Vivian’s displeasure and panicked. “I’m sorry, Ms. Morrison. I… I didn’t know it was you. I… I mistook you for someone else I know.” 
Crap! How unlucky could I get? The Chief Editor only comes over to our office once in a blue moon. Yet, this awkward episode has to happen. How could I have mistaken her as the mysterious lady? 
Curiosity kills the cat. Hannah Young, oh Hannah Young, why did you act rashly? I could have just followed her to find out if she was the mysterious lady. Instead, I chose to yell at her in front of so many people. That’s it. I’m doomed. 
Ms. Morrison, please forgive me this once. Hannah pleaded in her heart. 
Upon hearing Hannah’s explanation, Vivian’s expression softened. “Come with me.” 
Bowing her head, Hannah trailed behind Vivian and exited the place. 
As they strode out, inaudible murmurs began to fill the office. 
They came to a hallway. Fidgeting her fingers behind her back, Hannah tried to explain herself again, “Ms. Morrison, I’m really sorry. I…” 
Turning around, Vivian interrupted her, “I understand. You don’t have to explain further, Hannah. It’s not uncommon to mistake someone for another person.” 
With a face full of gratitude, Hannah quickly responded, “Ms. Morrison, you… you’re truly magnanimous.”
Vivian shook her head. “I’ve been through what you’re experiencing now. You’ve just started your career and might not be able to handle some matters well. It takes a while to get used to it. Don’t be bothered by gossips. Just focus on your work.” 
Vivian had always been a nice boss toward her subordinates. In her current position, she held her staff to high expectations and would criticize them ively when they made a mistake. That was her management style. 
Hannah looked at Vivian in disbelief. The notorious Chief Editor is giving me advice instead of a piece of her mind? Am I dreaming? Even if It’s a dream, it’s an unrealistic one. 
Vivian could see through Hannah’s qualms. Smiling, she said to her, “All right, don’t overthink things. Go ahead and carry on with your work.” 
“Oh, okay, Ms. Morrison. I’ll get back to my work now,” Hannah replied softly. 
Vivian nodded before leaving. 
Standing rooted to the spot, Hannah sank into deep thoughts. The impression Vivian left on Hannah made the latter fonder of her. It looks like she isn’t that scary after all. Not only is she a beautiful and understanding boss, but she’s also quite encouraging. She’s truly a rare gem. 
Hannah then recalled seeing Vivian’s photo in Fabian’s book and felt that it wasn’t a coincidence. Then, the scene of Fabian addressing Vivian by her first name flashed across her mind. Their relationship is definitely more than just colleagues. Does he like her? Otherwise, why would he address her that way? If that’s the case, what should I do? 
Hannah’s mind was in disarray.
Stomping her feet, she shook her head fiercely and said to herself, “This is so annoying! I’m not going to think about it anymore.” 
“Mr. Jackson, this is all the information on Hannah Young.” Xavier’s assistant presented the document to him with the assumption that he was interested in the girl. 
Xavier skimmed through the document and shot a glance at his assistant. “Since when did you see me reading up information before picking up girls?” 
“Noted.” The assistant hurriedly retrieved the document. 
Lowering his head, Xavier ran his finger across his forehead, seemingly engaged in a deep reflection. Suddenly, he raised his head, and a twinkle appeared in his eye. “Please help me select a gift.” 
The assistant hesitated but regained his senses very quickly as he understood Xavier’s intention. 
The car gradually slowed down and finally stopped in front of the Jackson Group office building. Hannah unlocked the car door and got out of it. 
“Please come with me, Ms. Young.” The receptionist welcomed Hannah warmly as per the orders given by Xavier in advance.
###Chapter 1093
Chapter 1093 
When they arrived at the president’s office, the receptionist knocked on the door before leaving. 
“Come in.” A deep voice rang in her ear. 
I wonder if Xavier has learned broadcasting before. Otherwise, why does he sound so professional in his pronunciation? His speech is so pleasing to the ears. 
At that moment, Xavier was leaning against his chair, reading a document with his head lowered. His expression was indifferent, but his lofty presence exuded a noble aura. 
Even as Hannah observed Xavier, the conscientious man did not notice her arrival. 
Hannah sighed. Right now, he looks totally different from the fun-loving and frivolous side of him that I’ve seen. I shouldn’t have judged a book by its cover. 
She coughed lightly to inform him of her presence. “Mr. Jackson, I’m here to deliver the magazine. Please have a look and see if you’re happy with the outcome. Thereafter, I’ll notify our company, and the article will be published this evening.” 
Xavier lifted his head. When he realized it was Hannah, his face beamed with joy. “I’m sorry. I was busy working and didn’t know that you’re already here.” 
“It’s all right,” Hannah replied politely. She then handed over the article to him. “Please take a look, Mr. Jackson.” 
Xavier pretended to be upset and snapped at her, “Aren’t we friends? Why do you still address me as Mr. Jackson? Did you regret befriending me?”
Hannah found it strange when he became furious all of a sudden. However, she felt relieved as soon as he explained why. “Oh, of course not. I’m just too used to addressing you formally, that’s why.” 
With a grin, Xavier took the document from her and said casually, “It’s my honor to have such an attractive and interesting lady like you as my friend.” 
After studying the document, Xavier nodded and acknowledged Hannah’s good work. Her writing was very fluent, with all the key points clearly and coherently elaborated. 
“You wrote this article?” 
Furrowing her brows, Hannah looked at Xavier in astonishment. Is there something wrong? It doesn’t make sense. I’ve edited it umpteen times, and Mr. Dijon checked it too. How could there be a problem? 
“Yes. Why? Is there anything you’re not satisfied with? Feel to let me know, and I’ll make amendments.” 
“No. I was surprised to see such skillful writing on a piece of interview. You are meant to do greater things. It makes me want to steal talent from your boss,” Xavier affirmed Hannah’s capability. 
Hannah was overjoyed to be showered with praises. 
“Thank you for your kind words, Mr. Jackson. I did my best. I’m sure there’s still room for improvement.” 
“You’re very humble. By the way, how’s the tea I sent you the last time? Was it good? I have more if you like it.” 
She felt embarrassed to talk about the tea because she only managed to make a cup for Heather before Fabian discarded the rest. 
“Oh, it’s fine. I haven’t finished it. There is still a lot left,” she said sheepishly while avoiding his gaze.
He simply thought that she was just being shy without dwelling on the matter. 
“Oh, okay, I’ll arrange for someone to deliver it to your company next time.” 
Before Hannah could say anything, Xavier continued, “Thanks for making a trip here. Let me treat you to a good meal.” 
With that, he rose to his feet, grabbed his jacket, and was ready to stride across the room. 
However, Hannah declined, “Thanks but no thanks. I’m not used to eating at high-class restaurants.” 
He rolled his eyes at her. “Who said we’re heading to a high-class restaurant?” 
“Huh? Then where are we going?” she asked. 
“You’ll know when we get there.” He deliberately kept her in suspense.
###Chapter 1094
Chapter 1094 
Initially, Hannah wanted to come up with an excuse to reject his offer, and she thought that a man of his status would only eat at certain high-end places. However, his response took her by surprise, and she could not find another reason to say no. 
Following behind Xavier, Hannah sent a text message to Fabian and informed him that she would not be eating at home. After hesitating, she switched her phone to silent mode. 
Xavier quickened his pace. When approaching the entrance, he shot a glance at his assistant and asked, “Is everything ready?” 
“Don’t you worry, Mr. Jackson. The big surprise is going to make her go wow!” he said excitedly and waited for Xavier to compliment him. 
To his dismay, Xavier neglected him and lifted his head to see whether Hannah had caught up with him. 
Like a gentleman, Xavier held the door open for her and then leaned over to signal her to exit first. Hannah smiled at his sweet gesture. 
From a menial matter like this, Hannah could tell that Xavier took care of her really well, and she became fonder of him. Like he said, it’s nice to have a friend like that. 
Right when she stepped out of the company entrance and was about to go down the steps, a ray of light shone into her eyes. Covering her eyes with her hands, she tried to see ahead from different angles. 
As she looked into the distance, her pupils immediately widened as a result of being stimulated by what she saw. At that instance, she felt as if a blazing fire was burning within her while its raging flames
enveloped her entire body, making her blood pump with excitement. 
A metallic silver sports car had arrived at the entrance of Jackson Group. Under the bright sunlight, its automatic door flung open, looking like an angel flipping its wing. Hannah stared at the car admiringly before dashing toward it. 
Who’s so flashy? Oh well, who cares? Since the Porsche GT is parked here, I’m going over to snap a picture. Here I come, baby! 
Xavier frowned slightly. Isn’t this the car I bought last month? Why is it here? 
“Did you get someone to drive it here?” he asked his assistant. 
Nodding, the assistant explained, “Yes, I did, Mr. Jackson. I studied the information that you didn’t bother to read and discovered something interesting. Hannah is very passionate about sports cars. Take a look at her expression now. Oh, I think she loves it. I’m sure she’s going to marry you right away when she finds out it’s your gift to her.” 
His assistant became thrilled as he spoke. He squinted his eyes at Xavier. “What do you think of my idea, Mr. Jackson? You don’t have to reward me, but I know it’s very uncharacteristic of you not to reward your staff. So, how about granting me two days of leave…” 
He stopped and held back the rest of his words when he saw that Xavier’s expression darkened. There was a hint of anger flashing across Xavier’s eyes, which felt like daggers shooting at him, sending a cold chill down his spine. 
Looking dismal, Xavier landed a slap on the back of his assistant’s head. 
“You prepared the Porsche FT as a gift for Hannah? You’re stupid beyond words!” Xavier went ballistic.
Boss, could you hit a different part next time, please? I feel that the back of my head is going to have a weird concave shape soon. Sorry, Hannah, but it looks like you’re not good enough for a sports car, after all. 
He justified, “Mr. Jackson, I thought you’ve fallen head over heels for Hannah, so I thought this would be the best gift for her. Sorry, I’ll prepare a cheaper present.” 
His response made Xavier’s blood boil. When did he become such a pain in the neck? He’s usually very quick-witted. Why doesn’t he get me recently? 
Xavier gave him a kick. “You’re worse than a fool. Use your brain and think about it. Hannah and I are merely friends right now. Knowing her, do you think she will accept such an expensive gift from me?” 
The assistant exclaimed as he finally realized his mistake, “Oh no! Why didn’t I think of this?”
###Chapter 1095
Chapter 1095 
“Gosh, what on earth do you know? Go prepare another present now!” 
Xavier pretended to kick his assistant, which made the latter jump out of his skin. “Give me ten minutes, Mr. Jackson. I’ll bring you a new present.” 
Xavier huffed. Obviously, his incompetent assistant had enraged him. 
After calming himself down, he turned around and noticed that Hannah was still taking photos with his sports car. Smiling gleefully, she was striking different poses in order to find the best angle. 
Do you really like the car that much? It seems like you’re obsessed with it. 
Aren’t you Fabian’s girl? Did he not present you with one? 
Tsk! What kind of a man is he? But it’s fine that he didn’t gift you one. At least you won’t feel guilty toward him. When the time is right, I’ll make you the owner of a luxury car. 
Xavier approached her. “You caught me by surprise. I didn’t know you love sports cars so much.” 
The assistant’s unintentional mistake ended up giving them a common topic to chat about. 
“I do! Do you like it too? Come over and take a few pictures with it before the car owner comes back.” Her gaze was still locked on the car even when she was talking to Xavier. 
What’s so special about this car that it could win Hannah over just like that? Never in a million years had I thought that a ladies’ man like me would lose to a car. 
When Hannah did not get a response, it dawned on her that she just asked Xavier a silly question. He’s one of the presidents of the top four corporations in the nation, so it’s only natural that he’s not as
impressed by a mere vehicle as me. 
“Oh, I’m sorry, Mr. Jackson. I was too exhilarated that I thought it was my BFF standing beside me. When we were in university, we always took photos with sports cars when we saw one. That’s why…” Hannah tried to explain her mania for automobiles. 
Although she was married to Fabian, she was never willing to spend his money, to the extent that she paid for her own car by installments. Fabian did not fancy sports cars and drove only Rolls-Royce and Lincoln. Therefore, Hannah was electrified when she saw one on the road. 
“It’s fine. Don’t worry about it. Why don’t you get in and experience sitting in one?” 
“Won’t it be inappropriate? I’d be so embarrassed when the owner finds out about it.” She had no idea that the car belonged to Xavier. 
“Actually, I wanted to tell you that I’m the owner of this Porsche GT.” 
“Huh? It’s yours?” Hannah was stunned. I’ve been taking an insane load of photos with his car and even invited him to join me. Was I mad? 
Her face turned crimson red. 
“You sure you don’t want to go for a ride in it?” Fortunately, Xavier did not take her previous antics to heart. 
“Of course I want to!” Hannah answered without a doubt. Nothing else mattered to her at that moment. 
Xavier chuckled while he opened the car door for her. “It’s my honor to be your chauffeur.” 
She looked at him with a hint of hesitation in her eyes. Then, she shifted her gaze to the shiny sports car and took a deep breath as though she made a life-changing decision.
“Um… Mr. Jackson, can I test drive it?” she asked him tentatively in a soft voice. 
“Absolutely! I’d gladly oblige if you insist on being my driver,” Xavier joked while walking toward the passenger’s side. 
Hannah was so happy that she put her hands up and drew an arch in the air. “The pleasure is all mine.” 
With that, she wriggled into the driver’s seat comfortably. With both hands on the wheel that had a GT logo engraved on it, she felt so nervous and thrilled at the same time. It was her first time driving a sports car, so the view and feel were all very new to her. She was afraid that she would leave scratches on it or knock something down. I can’t afford the repair cost even if I give up an arm and a leg for it. 
Here we go, baby! 
With a rumble, the engine was ignited, and the car revved to life. A resounding echo could be heard as the car crawled along.
###Chapter 1096
Chapter 1096 
After a few spins, Hannah got used to maneuvering it, and she picked up speed. Under Xavier’s guidance, they arrived at a barbeque restaurant. 
“What’s the point of summer if we don’t eat to our hearts’ content at an open-air barbeque place?” 
It was obvious that Xavier frequented this sort of eatery, which Hannah found strange. Why does a man born with a silver spoon eat at a regular eatery like any Tom, Dick, and Harry? Shouldn’t it be like how they portray it in the dramas, with the rich and famous commenting on how this kind of food can cause cancer? Why does he eat it? 
The luxurious sports car stood out like a sore thumb. All the customers gawked like how Hannah did when she first saw it. Immediately, both of them were thrust into the limelight. 
Wearing an iconic smile on his face, Xavier walked around casually. On the contrary, Hannah felt rather uneasy at first. But soon, his calm composure rubbed off on her, and she felt more at ease. 
He placed the orders adeptly and even included beer. “Pairing barbeque with a glass of icy cold beer is epic, an ultimate enjoyment!” 
They had a lovely time eating and chatting. His humor often made her laugh in a boisterous manner. 
She began to like his personality and found him amusing. Though rich, his interests are similar to mine. 
Time flew by when they were having a jolly good time. Hannah took a glance at her watch and realized it was getting late. She fished for her phone, worried that Fabian might be looking for her. 
Oh my, twenty-eight missed calls! Two were from the senior editor while the rest were from Fabian. Mr. Dijon was probably calling because Fabian asked about me.
Sh*t! I’m dead this time. 
Hannah had ants in her pants, albeit appearing to be paying attention to the animated Xavier who was telling his stories. He’s not going to stop any time soon, is he? I wonder what time it will be when we finish eating. 
Droplets of sweat rolled down from Hannah’s forehead to her temple. Out of concern, Xavier asked, “Are you feeling all right?” 
I’m not unwell, I’m just scared! Oh, you’ll never understand this. 
Suddenly, a lightbulb moment occurred to Hannah, and she decided to use the opportunity to her advantage by admitting that she was not feeling well. With this, I should be able to leave early and go back to Fabian. 
“Yes, Mr. Jackson, I’m feeling a bit sick. Shall we call it a night?” She pretended to be frail and feeble. 
“All right. I shall drive you home first.” Xavier handed a few napkins to her. He then cleaned himself and got up to leave. 
“There’s no need for that. I live nearby, so I can go back on my own,” said Hannah with a guilty conscience. 
I won’t risk having Fabian see Xavier sending me home. Who knows what will happen then! 
Xavier had met with countless women, so naturally, he knew when to press on or otherwise. Although he was worried for Hannah, he also feared leaving a bad impression on her. Hence, he obliged. 
“In that case, please be extra careful on the road.” He passed a gift box to Hannah.
“This is a book that I’ve been reading recently. I think it’s a good one, so I want you to have it.” His assistant had prepared a meaningful present on his behalf; one that was sophisticated and classy but not flashy. 
“Oh, thank you so much, Mr. Jackson. Sorry about taking an early leave. Let’s meet up again when you’re .” Hannah could not come up with an excuse to decline the gift. I can’t say that I dislike reading, can I? 
“No worries. Till the next time.” Is she rejecting me because of Fabian? 
It was already late in the evening when Hannah arrived home. Fabian was waiting for her patiently in the living room. 
As soon as she entered, she was greeted by Fabian’s dark brown eyes, which were as deep as an abyss. With his fingers interlocked, he threw a question at her domineeringly, “What were you up to?”
###Chapter 1097
Chapter 1097 
Biting her lips, Hannah was like a terrified little rabbit. Her heartbeat raced rapidly as her breathing quickened. How should I answer him? Do I tell him the truth? What if that angers him more? But won’t it be worse if I get caught for telling lies? 
“I conducted an interview and then attended a social event.” Hannah was hoping that her ambiguous answer could satisfy him. 
“With who?” Fabian more or less knew what happened as he had called Hannah’s senior editor. However, he wanted to hear what she would say. 
Inhaling a deep breath, she decided to come clean with him. I didn’t do anything wrong anyway. 
“Xavier Jackson.” She continued, “Mr. Dijon requested me to send him the article I wrote. Then, Xavier wanted to treat me to dinner. I did try to reject him, but to no avail, so I went out with him. When I saw your missed calls, I came back right away without even finishing the food.” 
Hmm… Good, very honest. You should be thankful that you didn’t lie to me. Otherwise, you would face harsh consequences. Did you clear the air so that I won’t misunderstand you? 
“Would you like to have some more to eat?” Fabian smirked. 
Hannah was confused by his expression. Was he being sarcastic or did he mean it literally? 
“I’m good. I don’t want to consume too much food at night.” Regardless of his intention, the best solution right now is to say no. 
“If you say so. Let’s have a chat then.” Fabian gestured her to sit beside him.
Chat? What is there to talk about? The last time he wanted to have a chat, we broke into a fight. What will happen this time? 
As much as Hannah was reluctant, she still strode over to the sofa and took a seat. “What is it that you want to talk about? Go ahead.” 
“You do know that my mom asked to see me in the study this morning…” he paused, creating suspense to check her reaction. 
Hannah had a bad feeling about this. Automatically, she shut her eyes in trepidation. Is he going to divorce me? But I don’t think so because Heather just presented me with the family heirloom, a jade bracelet. So what did they talk about? 
A satisfied smug appeared on his face. This silly girl does care, doesn’t she? 
“My mom doesn’t know about our relationship. Hence, she wants to meet your parents and get to know them better.” 
“What? Meet my parents?” Hannah’s heart skipped a beat. 
What should I do? Back then, I made the impulsive decision to register my marriage with Fabian because of the pressure from my family, and I haven’t even told them that. So how should I explain to them now that Fabian and I have been married for a year? 
“I know this is too sudden, but I don’t have an alternative.” 
“The thing is… my parents aren’t aware that we’re married! How do I explain everything to them?” Hannah felt so helpless. Had I known this earlier, I would have informed my parents of our marriage. That would save me a load of trouble, and I won’t need to spin more lies to cover up for the previous ones.
“That’s your problem. It’s got nothing to do with me.” Fabian shrugged and washed his hands clean of the matter as if he deliberately wanted to see her distressed. 
She gritted her teeth at the sight of his haughty expression. 
“What is that supposed to mean? It’s your mom who wants to meet up, not mine. It’s fine if you have no intention to help me out, but you’re even making fun of me. Why don’t you think of a solution, my better half?” Hannah refuted confidently. 
“Should you not want to become the daughter-in-law of the Norton family, you can return the heirloom to my mom. But then again, I think it’s quite challenging to have her accept it back.” 
Seeing a mischievous grin on his face, Hannah almost wanted to throw a few punches at him. But obviously, she didn’t have the guts to do it. 
“Hmph! What kind of a man are you? How could you not contribute any solutions to help your distressed wife out?” she tried to convince him to come up with a plan for her.
###Chapter 1098
Chapter 1098 
However, Fabian remained unperturbed. He even exposed her dirty trick, “Don’t you try to con me. You can try, but eventually, you’ll still be the one on the losing end.” 
Eventually, you’ll still be the one on the losing end. 
Eventually, you’ll still be the one on the losing end. 
The threatening words kept replaying in Hannah’s mind like a broken record. 
Every time a similar sentence as such came out from Fabian’s mouth, Hannah would get goosebumps and tremble like she had some kind of post-traumatic stress disorder. 
Seeing her looking aggrieved with her head hung low and her limbs slumped on the sofa, Fabian changed the topic, “Actually, it’s not impossible for me to think of an alternative to settle this for you if…” 
His words lifted her spirit. As long as Fabian is willing to put on his thinking cap, the problem can definitely be resolved amicably. 
Immediately, she propped herself up and asked, “If what?” 
“If you give me some excellent room service tonight. When I feel good, I can come up with a brilliant plan for you,” he teased her. 
What a shameless guy! All he can think of is to take advantage of me. Where is his conscience? He’s such a nuisance.
She clenched her fists and swung them in the air, looking like she was ready to pick a fight with him. “I’m more than happy to teach perverts like you a lesson to remember for life!” 
“It’s up to you. Choose wisely.” Fabian got up and darted into her room. 
She felt so frustrated. Did he just walk out on me? Oh, does he think I’ll compromise? No way. I’ll just sleep in the living room tonight and binge on my romantic drama. 
Hannah shot an indignant glare at her own room as if it could penetrate the door and reach Fabian. 
“Whatever. I’m going to take a shower and then enjoy a date with the handsome drama male lead,” she said triumphantly. 
Moments later, Hannah came out of the shower in a pink nightdress and sat in front of the television. 
Flipping through the channels, she was slightly disappointed that there was no eye candy in the drama. To make matters worse, there was no big and comfy bed for her to sleep in either. She was fighting the urge to return to her bedroom. 
But if I enter the room now, it would mean I’m admitting defeat. That won’t do. I must persist. 
Switching off the television, she covered herself with a blanket. 
Just go to sleep… Tomorrow is a brand new day. 
Hannah was turning and tossing around on the sofa. As soon as she shut her eyes, she was haunted by the image of her parents interrogating her about her secret marriage, and she had difficulty falling asleep. 
Annoyed, she chucked the blanket away and complained, “The sofa is not comfortable at all! Why should I sleep here while you have the whole bedroom to yourself? Hmph!”
She had compromised unknowingly. It was just that she refused to admit it because of her pride. 
She tiptoed to her bedroom door and gently opened it. Why must I act like a ninja to enter my own bedroom? 
Scanning the room through the aperture, she saw a motionless Fabian on the bed and assumed that he had fallen asleep. 
Click! She shut the door behind her. 
Pressing her lips into a thin line, she did her best not to let out a sound and even controlled her breathing. Carefully, she strode toward her bed with pin-drop silence. 
But as soon as she landed herself on her bed, she was gripped by immense shock when Fabian turned to her. 
“Ahh…” 
Why isn’t he asleep yet? Did I wake him up? 
“Why are you shouting?” he asked disapprovingly. 
Why not? You scared the living daylights out of me. 
“I… I… Nothing.” She could only grumble in her heart because she still needed his help to come up with a plan for her.
###Chapter 1099
Chapter 1099 
“You agreed?” a devilish smile settled upon his face as he asked with great interest. 
There’s no way I’ll agree to that ridiculous request! I’m only here for the bed. 
He did not get any response from her. Smiling, he threatened her, “You’d better take more initiative to please me. I’m your last resort. If I change my mind, you’re done for.” 
But his actions betrayed him. Although he commanded her to take the lead, his hands had already wrapped themselves around her waist. 
Hannah tried to wriggle out of his embrace but to no avail, for his strong arms had locked her in position. 
“Be good.” Fabian rolled over and pinned her below him. Then, he began his amorous advances. 
After what seemed like forever, Hannah was left panting softly. Fabian leaned over and gave her a peck on the cheek before he planted another kiss on her lips. “Good job.” 
He praised her like a teacher praising a kindergartener. 
Her whole body was sore with hickeys and bite marks after an intense and passionate love-making session with Fabian. 
“Can you tell me the solution now?” she asked in a feeble voice, yet to recover her strength after their steamy lovey-dovey session. 
“You don’t have to worry about that. I’ll see to it.” He ran his arm across her body and hugged her to sleep.
Hannah felt that she had been deceived. He probably would have done the same even if she did not enter the room in the first place. At that thought, she pushed his hand away and bordered herself with the duvet while casting a disgusted look at him. 
He smirked. “It seems like someone had an amazing time just now.” He turned around and pulled her into his embrace. “Your moans gave you away.” 
“Fabian, you’re a shameless and nasty scumbag!” Blushing, she got worked up and started fidgeting in his arms. 
He tightened his hug. “It was just a joke. You don’t need to get so flustered.” 
Finally, she quietened down and curled up in a fetal position. Perhaps she was exhausted, or maybe she knew that she could never escape his vice-like grip. 
He lifted her chin and stared straight into her bleary eyes. “I won’t interfere with your work matters again.” 
She widened her eyes in disbelief. Did… did he just compromise? 
Having said that, Fabian caressed her head. 
Wow, Fabian is actually willing to do that for me. I can’t believe I changed his mind. 
It took her a while to regain her senses. It seems that I’m quite important to him. There’s indeed a place for me in his heart. But what will happen to the conflict between him and Xavier? 
She wanted to ask him but later decided against it. Maybe I should ask Xavier instead. It’s not wise to enrage Fabian now. I can’t afford to make another mistake.
“All right, it’s getting late. Go to bed,” he uttered lovingly while tapping his fingers on her back, following a certain rhythmic tempo. 
At that moment, Hannah felt that Fabian’s embrace was exceptionally warm. It enveloped her perfectly, making her feel safe. Gradually, she dozed off. 
After some time, both of them drifted into deep sleep. 
The next morning, Hannah noticed that her colleagues were all throwing weird gazes at her. What’s going on? 
She had a nagging feeling that something unpleasant was going to happen. As luck had it, the moment she stepped foot into the office, Winona called out to her, “Hannah, Mr. Dijon wants to see you in his office.” 
Frowning, she asked under her breath, “Do you know why he’s looking for me?” 
With a pair of smiley eyes, Winona murmured, “Rumor has it that he’s going to promote you. It comes with a pay raise too. Don’t forget to treat me, Hannah.”
###Chapter 1100
Chapter 1100 
Upon hearing that, she relaxed her brows. However, she did not feel delighted. As long as Mr. Dijon doesn’t pick on me, I’m fine even if there’s no chance of a promotion or a pay raise. 
Let’s get this done and over with, regardless of whether it’s good or bad. 
With a glum look, she walked into Bob’s office. 
Her sudden appearance startled him, so the latter gave her a sharp gaze that made her feel nervous. 
Must he look at me this way? While Hannah was complaining in her heart, she noticed that there was another man in the office. 
The man had his back to Hannah, so she could not see his face. That man must be a very important guest. Otherwise, Mr. Dijon wouldn’t have glared at me like that. 
Why am I always in trouble when I enter his office? 
Hannah bowed to apologize, “I’m sorry, Mr. Dijon, I didn’t know you have a guest with you. I’ll leave the room immediately.” 
Right when she was about to scurry for cover, the man spoke in a rather upset tone, “Mr. Dijon, I don’t think there’s a need for that, right?” 
Bob plastered a smile on his face and tried to butter up his guest, “Of course, Mr. Jackson.” 
Then, he turned to Hannah. “Hannah, why should you leave? You’re our star employee. I can’t even thank you enough for the work you’ve done. Quick, come over here and have a seat. I’ve got something to discuss with you.”
The cloying side of Bob gave Hannah goosebumps. Her gaze fell on the special guest. 
Mr. Jackson? That voice sounds so familiar but so distant. Is that really him? 
The mysterious man slowly turned his chair around to face her. 
Xavier Jackson! Why is he here at our company? Is he visiting? Obviously not. Why would he do so? 
“Ms. Young, we meet again,” he greeted her gently with his signature smile. 
“Good day, Mr. Jackson,” Hannah responded politely. She then turned to Mr. Dijon, who was behaving deferentially toward Xavier. 
Hannah did not expect that. Mr. Dijon has the highest authority within our team, and he has always been very strict with us. But now, he is boot-licking Xavier. Tsk… 
However, as Hannah put herself in Bob’s shoes, she could understand why he acted differently in front of Xavier. Faced with a more powerful influence, he has no choice but to stoop lower. Xavier is the president of one of the four major corporations in the nation. That identity alone would attract sycophants. 
Mr. Dijon had guessed what Hannah was perceiving from the brief interaction they had. Hannah must be finding it weird to see me flattering and fawning others. Well, this is the reality. She’ll understand it eventually. 
“Um… Hannah, I have good news for you.” Bob disregarded Hannah’s view of him. He only wanted Hannah to work hard and create significant value for the company. 
“Yesterday, I’ve updated the top management about your work performance thus far. The Chief Editor is outrightly pleased with it and has decided to promote you. Henceforth, you’re the second-in-
command of our team.” 
Hannah had mixed emotions about this. A glint of happiness flashed across her eyes, which also contained a hint of sorrow. I’ve been working extremely hard, completing all tasks within my remit for two years, but my effort was never acknowledged by the top management, and this time, I’m promoted because I managed to score interviews with Fabian and Xavier. So what does that say about my previous hard work? Is backing necessary in order to be promoted? Is that how things work nowadays? 
Anyhow, I’m finally reaping what I sowed. 
“Oh yes, Hannah, the top management plans to allocate two assistants to help you conduct exclusive interviews with experts in the business circle. The memo has been sent out, and we’ll announce it officially in a meeting later. You can select anyone in our team as your assistants. Whoever they are, I’ll transfer them over to assist you,” Bob informed her. 
Huh? Is this for real? Hannah was taken aback by the good news relayed to her. Mr. Dijon did mention something like this beforehand, but I thought he was just trying to encourage me to work harder. Who would have known that they’ve actually issued a memo?

###Chapter 1101
Chapter 1101 
“Mr. Dijon, are you sure this is the best decision? I’m afraid I can’t do the job well.” Hannah was not confident about the promotion. 
Hannah had been yearning for an opportunity to advance further in her career. However, she knew that the promotion this time had a hidden agenda. 
It is highly likely that the bosses want me to capitalize on my connections with Fabian and Xavier to obtain more exclusive interviews with presidents of other companies. They might not mind it, but I can’t bring myself to take advantage of them. I’m really bothered by it. If this is the case, I’d rather not accept the promotion. 
“We’ve witnessed your growth and contributions. You’ve been doing a lot of upskilling. Why would you say you’re not able to handle the job? Moreover, the top management has made this decision because they believe in your capabilities. You just need to do your best. Don’t worry about the outcome. Besides, this might be your one-in-a-million chance in this company, so don’t reject it.” 
Bob continued to persuade Hannah as he would not accept no as an answer. After all, he was the one who proposed it to Vivian in hopes of raising the team’s key performance index and fishing some benefits for himself. 
Seeing that Bob was so persistent, Hannah sighed as she knew that he had her wrapped around his little finger. Hence, she had no choice but to agree, “All right, I’ll try it out and continue to do my part for the company. Please show me grace if I make any mistakes and extend your understanding for areas that I need to improve on.” 
Hannah leveraged on Xavier’s presence and said the last line on purpose. That way, she could claim that she had apprised Bob if her work was not up to expectations.
“Sure thing. As long as you give your best in all that you do, I’ll render my support any time.” Bob was relieved. Had Hannah rejected being the second-in-command, it would have ruined my plans. 
“Mr. Dijon, regarding what we discussed earlier…” Xavier asked. 
“Don’t worry about it, Mr. Jackson. I’ll see that your orders are carried out accordingly. I’m sure it will turn out to be a pleasant collaboration.” Hannah found Bob’s two-faced attitude questionable. 
What did Xavier say to Mr. Dijon? What made him change so quickly? This is the very first time I see Mr. Dijon being so obliging. Perhaps Xavier has given him an irresistible offer? Anyway, it’s impossible for me to find out from him. I shall ask Xavier one day. He should be willing to share the piece of information with me, right? 
Xavier replied casually, “Very well. Since you’ve got other arrangements, I’ll take my leave now.” 
Xavier grinned from ear to ear as he walked past Hannah. In a soft voice, he said to her, “Congratulations on your promotion.” 
Hannah nodded as a response. She found herself in a quandary. Fabian is my husband, whereas Xavier is a good friend, but I’ve used them as a springboard to advance my career. Will they think of me this way too? 
Xavier left the office, leaving only Bob and Hannah in the room. Wearing a dull expression, Hannah squinted her eyes as she stood rooted to the spot, seemingly in deep thought. 
Bob scrutinized Hannah inquisitively. What charm does this woman have that all the presidents keep coming to us with an offer? I really can’t tell. But I sure hope that she won’t lose herself in the pursuit of material things. Loving oneself and living life to the fullest should be the main priorities instead.
Bob coughed lightly to alert Hannah. “You’ll have to work even harder, Hannah. It’s a realistic world, so you need to ensure that you have strong competencies to gain competitive advantages. Conversely, relying on others won’t get you very far.” 
Out of concern for a young rookie, Bob shared his word of wisdom. 
“Rest assured, Mr. Dijon. I’ll focus on my job and do it right,” Hannah gave a serious response while looking straight into Bob’s eyes. She could read between the lines and understood Bob’s good intentions.
###Chapter 1102
Chapter 1102 
“Ok, that’s great. You can get back to your work. I’ll announce your promotion later today. Do consider the candidates for your assistants. I’ll be making necessary arrangements to prepare them after the meeting.” 
Hannah acknowledged his instructions and then returned to her work desk. However, she was not in the mood for work. Instead, she leaned against her chair, toying with a pencil. 
She was worried about the predicament she had landed herself in. On the one hand, she feared that Fabian and Xavier would think that she used them deliberately for her own benefit. On another hand, she could not help but bemoan Vivian’s decision to promote her. 
“What’s this? You’ve really played your cards well, huh? To others, you were the one who improved the company’s performance and reputation. But what about me? This whole situation made it seem like I befriended the two guys so that I could get a promotion.” 
After pondering over the issue for a long time, Hannah overcame her sullenness and opted for more positive thinking. Every company is the same; they will look out for the most capable employee with the best performance. Hence, I need to work harder and prove my capabilities so that people won’t have the impression that I depend on luck or some company president to help me climb the corporate ladder. 
Thereafter, she channeled her focus into selecting two assistants for herself. 
Two assistants? First, they must have some experience in interviewing a company president. Social skills are a plus point. No, wait. A sensitive mindset is more important. Due to the disparity in our identities, many big bosses look at magazine journalists with disdain…
Running through the selection criteria in her mind, Hannah had shortlisted a potential candidate, Jim Leek. 
This person has maintained a good track record in our team. Although he’s only joined the company for about a year, his perseverance has enabled him to interview about fifty to sixty company presidents. His interviewees aren’t comparable to Fabian or Xavier, but undeniably, some of them do come from large companies and have a stuck-up attitude. 
Hannah recognized Jim’s good work but was unsure if he would be willing to work as her assistant. If he is not happy with the arrangement, it’s useless to have a competent assistant whom I can’t draw help from. I’ll count him in for now and seek his opinion later. 
Hannah started contemplating the second person who would fulfill all her expectations, like Jim. However, she could not think of one. As a result, she had to go for the second-best, someone who was easy-going and would not complain. 
Oh, what about Winona? She joined the company later than Jim, only about six months. She’s never applied a single day of leave over the months and has a perfect attendance thus far. In addition, I’ve not heard her grumble even once. We’re quite close too… With that, Hannah had shortlisted two individuals as her potential assistants. 
Knock! Knock! Knock! Bob was at her door, inviting her to join the meeting. After fixing her clothes, Hannah followed him to the meeting room. 
Everyone was surprised to be summoned for an ad-hoc meeting. Usually, they had meetings on the evenings of Mondays and Fridays as the team was quite busy during other working hours. 
“Why do think Mr. Dijon called us over so urgently?” 
“Who knows? I’m sure it’s something big.”
“Could it be some sort of shocking news that needs all of us to publicize?” 
“All of us to publish one single headline? You must be joking.” 
The chattering continued. 
Hannah kept quiet even though she knew the specific agenda for the meeting. 
“Hannah,” Winona walked over and greeted her with a smile. 
Hannah was quite confident that Winona would agree to her request. “Hey Winona, can I ask you something?” 
“Sure, ask away.” 
“Well, the interview I did recently was a success. The top management plans to assign two persons to join me in interviewing more company presidents. Having said that, I’d like to ask if you’d be willing to work with me on this?” Hannah presented her request, then she stared at Winona, anticipating her response. 
“Oh, definitely! I’ll say yes to this great opportunity.” Without a doubt, Winona accepted it in a split second.
###Chapter 1103
Chapter 1103 
Hannah did not expect her to answer without any hesitation. It’s nice to be young, decisive, and worry-. 
“Great! Rest assured that I’ll take care of you.” 
As the two approached the meeting room, Hannah said, “I’ll inform Mr. Dijon. Let’s go in first.” 
The tittle-tattles gradually stopped as people entered the meeting room. Lastly, Bob walked in. 
All staff were present, except for a few who were occupied with on-site duty. Bob cleared his throat and started announcing loudly, “I gathered everyone here today because I have something to proclaim.” 
He paused for a bit to check that everyone was listening attentively and that all eyes were on him. “After a thorough discussion between all departments and the Chief Editor, the company has decided to promote Hannah Young as the deputy team leader.” 
Upon hearing that, the staff exchanged suspicious glances and gossiped under their breath, “Hey, what’s your view on this? Did she get the promotion because of Fabian?” 
“What? Your news is outdated. Haven’t you heard that she’s now hooked up with the heir of the Jackson family?” 
“Is that true? What’s so great about her that all the presidents are falling head over heels for her?” 
Hannah overheard their whispers, but she was not bothered by it. Come what may, my conscience is clear. 
“Silence!” Bob roared, feeling very displeased with the ruckus. 
Soon, the crowd quietened down and waited for Bob to continue his speech.
“Hannah has joined the company for over two years now. We’ve all witnessed her hard work and effort put into each task. For me, she truly deserves this promotion.” 
With that said, nobody dared to refute further. Even if it was deemed an unfair decision, one had no choice but to accept it. Protesting openly at that moment would only make the person stick out like a sore thumb and be pinned as a target. 
“She’s done exceptionally well in conducting exclusive interviews with company presidents. Therefore, the top management has decided to have a couple of staff work with her on future interviews.” 
His words put Hannah in a bad light again. The past year had seen the proliferation of magazine companies. Coupled with the speed of online media breaking juicy news in a viral manner, it became harder for magazine companies to create a frenzy through print publications. Therefore, news worthy of the cover page were now interviews with corporate presidents. 
With Hannah being appointed to interview various presidents, what would be left for the others? Hence, the rest of the team stared daggers at her and treated her as their rival. 
Hannah realized the problem. If a staff member is selected to join me in interviewing a president, there’s no guarantee that the interview will be a hit. After all, the scope is quite limited, and the company presidents are often proud and contemptuous. However, if the staff member refuses to work with me, he’ll definitely lose a great opportunity. 
Hannah groaned. Mr. Dijon, you placed me in a tight spot. Not only have I been pushed to the cusp of the storm, but I also became a target of public criticism. 
“Anyone has an opinion on that? If not, the meeting is adjourned,” Bob asked superficially.
What a joke! Who would dare to criticize the company’s decision openly? Nobody is courageous enough to utter an additional word, let alone question the credibility of Hannah’s promotion. Doing so is downright foolish. 
Knowing that the Chief Editor had recommended so, the staff shut their mouths tightly and hid away their disapproving expressions. 
Seeing that there was no ion, Bob left the meeting room. 
Hannah felt sullen as she watched his leaving figure. Mr. Dijon, how kind of you to leave right after the announcement. Why didn’t you take me with you? The team is fearful of you but not me… 
Just as Hannah had predicted, the moment Bob left the room, the staff started bombarding her with comments. 
“Hannah, why did you do this to us? We may not be good friends, but we’re colleagues, and we’ve not offended each other. How do you expect us to continue working here now?” a lady stood up and yelled at Hannah.
###Chapter 1104
Chapter 1104 
Hannah knew how her promotion and the new assignment would affect the key performance index of her colleagues. Admittedly, she said, “I just learned about this in the morning. Sorry for any potential adverse effect this may bring you.” 
“What’s the use of apologizing? Without the opportunity to showcase good work, I might lose the job. When that happens, will you compensate me for it?” the lady continued to speak unreasonably. 
Someone chimed in, “Precisely. You can’t do this to us for your own benefit. You’ve gone overboard!” 
Who’s the one going overboard here? Who’s being a bully and spewing harsh words? Hannah felt wronged. 
“This wasn’t my decision to make. If you have any passing remark about the company policy, please bring it up to Mr. Dijon or Ms. Morrison. Don’t bring your complaints to me. I’m just an employee who obeys the commands of my bosses. It’s my superior who made this arrangement,” Hannah retorted. 
“Why are you speaking as if it doesn’t concern you at all? If it wasn’t for your hanky-panky, why would Ms. Morrison promote you all of a sudden? I don’t think she even knows you. From the past incident involving Regina, I already knew that you’re insidious and cunning. How could you be so heartless?” 
That colleague spoke in a convincing manner, misleading the rest of the staff. 
Hannah found it ridiculous. It’s been ages since Regina’s incident has passed and yet, people are mentioning it now. How absurd! 
“Oh? I’m the problem? Anyone with a pair of discerning eyes could tell exactly what happened regarding the matter involving Regina. You’re the wicked one who’s trying to fabricate stories here.
With the time that you have, why don’t you learn a skill or two to increase your self-worth and keep your job?” 
The person was rendered speechless. She could only harp on Hannah’s promotion, “Hmph! Don’t try to change the topic. You’d better fix this today. Otherwise, don’t even think about leaving the room.” 
“Yes, that’s right! Sort this mess out,” the rest echoed. 
These people are incredibly ludicrous. Though they’ve all graduated from university, their behavior is no different than that of unreasonable villagers living in rural areas. It’s going to be a challenge escaping them today. 
“Illogical allegations, despicable conduct, and malicious slanders. I’m utterly appalled,” a deep, manly voice sounded across the room. Though the voice was not loud, it was commanding and imperious. 
All heads turned to the man decked in a formal suit and leather shoes, who had just walked in gracefully. 
The lady who was admonished by him scowled, frustrated that her hateful remarks were reproached. “Who are you to interrupt us? We’re in the midst of settling an internal issue.” 
Shooting a death stare at the lady, the man’s expression grimaced. “You’re not worthy to know who I am.” 
As he strode toward the middle of the room, the crowd reverently retreated, opening up a path for him. 
In a stern voice, he continued, “If you can’t even obey and respect the instructions given, what’s the use of keeping you in the company? This is indeed the company’s decision. Unlike her, you’re not a visionary. What’s the first and foremost trait of a good employee? To create value for the organization! Reflect on your actions. You’re only thinking for your own sake and ripping the company off its potential
benefits. So why should we keep you here? To the company, you’re worthless, an ignorant parasite. I hereby announce that you’ve been fired!” 
The man’s voice grew louder as his tone became harsher. When he finally stood in front of the lady, he looked at her contemptuously. 
“What… what gives? What right do you have to sack me? I’m not working for you.” The lady studied his face and was certain that the man was not one of her bosses. Yet, his domineering appearance was so intimidating that it made her heartbeat race.
###Chapter 1105
Chapter 1105 
“Tsk! How naive of you to think that I don’t have the authority to do anything just because I don’t work here!” After saying so, the man approached Hannah with a much softer expression. “Let’s go. Ignore these uneducated people,” he said calmly with a smile. 
Hannah was deeply shocked by Xavier’s words and actions. She did not expect that the gentle and graceful man would have a totally different side as such. 
He held her hand and exited the room as everyone watched in absolute confusion. 
Perplexed, Hannah felt like it was all a dream. 
“You don’t need to be polite to someone like that,” Xavier said righteously. “I’ll see your chief editor in a bit and tell her to fire that ridiculous lady.” 
Ms. Morrison? Oh no, not again. I don’t want to give her the impression that I’m a trouble maker. 
“Um… Mr. Jackson, there’s no need for that. You see, it’s not a big deal. Moreover, Ms. Morrison is very principled. She goes by the book.” 
Xavier looked her in the eye. “That lady is a scourge for more serious problems. I’m just nipping it in the bud for her. She should be thankful instead.” 
Before Hannah had a chance to persuade him, he had made a call to report the matter. “Hey, what’s up? 
“I discovered a rotten apple in your wife’s office. Please get her to fire the person at once. 
“Of course, I’m doing this for you. I’m here to support her.”
A ton of questions kept swirling in Hannah’s mind. 
His wife? Is he referring to Ms. Morrison? She’s married? So Xavier called Ms. Morrison’s husband? 
“All right. That lady’s name is…” Arching his brow, Xavier asked, “What’s her name?” 
Hannah stuttered, struggling to reply. “I-I’m not sure.” 
Xavier said over the phone, “Go get someone to investigate further. It just happened not too long ago. As for who to fire, it’s all up to your woman.” 
Hanging up, he heaved a sigh. “You’re too kind. Have you forgotten how she ostracized you? Even if you sweep it under the rug, Vivian will still find out anyway. So, why do you need to cover up for her?” 
Unlike all of you presidents, I can’t just do anything I like. Hannah grumbled in her heart. 
“I-I was afraid to cause you trouble.” That was all she could say. 
“What’s so troublesome about that? It only takes a phone call to get it done.” Subsequently, his mood changed. “Fine, let’s not think about unpleasant things. I’m here to congratulate you on your promotion. Let’s celebrate.” 
What’s there to celebrate? The mess I’m in? 
“It’s okay, forget it. I still have a lot of pending work to complete,” Hannah rejected his invitation. 
Knowing that she felt dejected, Xavier became more determined to cheer her up. 
“Wait for me here.” A thought flashed across his mind, and he left.
Hannah stared at Xavier’s back profile. It was quite impressive how he stood up for me just now. His words were concise and straight to the point. 
Moments later, the image of Xavier in Hannah’s mind faded away and was replaced by a smiling Fabian. 
Fabian? That’s a rare smile, so warm and bright. Normally, you’re icy cold to me. 
Why am I thinking about him all of a sudden? At that thought, Hannah shook her head. 
Shortly after, Xavier came walking toward her with Bob trailing behind him. 
Xavier informed her, “I told Mr. Dijon that I need you to be by my side today to record my itinerary in preparation for future interviews.”
###Chapter 1106
Chapter 1106 
As Xavier was staring at Bob, the latter quickly responded, “Yes, Mr. Jackson has notified me. You can leave the office now and focus on recording Mr. Jackson’s daily schedule.” 
Huh? Follow Xavier around and record his itinerary? But I’ve just accepted the assignment and didn’t have sufficient time to confirm my assistants. Is it okay to start working on this project now? 
Xavier gave him an approving nod. However, seeing that Hannah was in doubt, he gestured for Bob to convince her. 
“Oh yes, Hannah, I’ve communicated with Jim about his new role. He’s willing to work with you on this interview. Since he’s quite experienced in this aspect, I’m sure he’ll be of great help to you.” Bob faked a smile. How should I report to the top management about Jim’s new pay scale? 
Jim had a good portfolio in terms of interviewing company presidents. Teaming him up with Hannah was a natural thing to do. However, Jim was reluctant to accept the role. Bob had to lure him with a lucrative package in order not to disappoint Xavier. In the end, Jim agreed on the condition that his salary was doubled. 
Hannah was over the moon to learn that Jim had agreed to be her assistant. I was still thinking of a way to talk to him about this. The amount of his monthly published work is triple of mine. Making him my assistant was a dream. Who would want to work under someone less capable? It’s great that Mr. Dijon has managed to get him on board. 
“Thank you so much, Mr. Dijon.” 
Seeing a smile appearing on Hannah’s face again, Xavier uttered, “Indeed, thank you, Mr. Dijon.” 
Bob was not born yesterday. Naturally, he knew the underlying meaning of Xavier’s words.
Courteously, he replied, “Don’t mention that, Mr. Jackson. It’s only right to render support to the talents undergoing continuous professional development. I’m sure you have a packed schedule ahead, Mr. Jackson. There’s nothing else on my side, so I’d better not take up too much of your time. I can’t afford to delay you any further.” 
Hannah was completely baffled. I’m a great talent receiving training? How come I’m not aware of this? 
“Haha… All right, Mr. Dijon. I shall make a move now. I’ll treat you to a good lunch one of these days.” Xavier left with Hannah after engaging in small talk. 
“Where are we going?” Hannah asked upon arriving at the entrance. 
Xavier’s lips curled up as he asked amiably, “It’s your call since you’re promoted today.” 
My call? I’m just following you around to record your itinerary. Why am I the one deciding? 
She thought he was joking with her, so she simply responded, “My call? Then, I say we go for a buffet. We’ll eat till we drop, all the way until they close at night.” 
His grin deepened. Be careful what you wish for. 
“Sure, let’s go for buffet.” 
Tsk! I’ll all in. Let’s do it! He’s the top guy in his company, after all. I don’t believe that he’s got so much time to spend. Moreover, what’s there to be afraid of? I don’t need to return to the office, and I can eat all day long. 
“Sure, let’s go!” With that, Hannah got into Xavier’s car. 
“To a nearby restaurant, but make sure they have an excellent buffet,” he told his assistant, who was sitting in the driver’s seat.
“Huh? Are you sure?” Xavier’s assistant gaped in disbelief. Is he joking? It’s not his style to bring a girl for a buffet. 
“Hmm?” 
“Noted. I’ll make a phone call now.” Panicked, the assistant quickly gave in in order not to anger his boss. 
It was quite comical when Xavier’s assistant started making phone calls to survey for the best buffet in town. 
Gazing at Xavier’s serious face, Hannah asked doubtfully, “Are we really going for a buffet?”
###Chapter 1107
Chapter 1107 
Smirking, Xavier teased her, “Why not? That’s what you said. I must do my best to satisfy all of Ms. Young’s fervent requests.” 
Then, he purposely said to his assistant, “Found the best restaurant for a buffet? I need to bring Ms. Young there to eat until the place shuts its door. If the food is not good, you’re going to get it.” 
Eat the whole night? What’s Mr. Jackson plotting? Is this a new tactic to pick up girls? I need to learn this. It might come in handy. 
“Mr. Jackson, I’ve surveyed all the restaurants within the ten-mile radius. There is a good one ahead. I’ll drive you there now.” 
Upon hearing that, Xavier grinned from ear to ear. He shot a gaze at Hannah as if proclaiming to her that he meant business. 
Hannah was dumbstruck, unable to utter a word. 
You sure you want to eat buffet? The whole night? Boy, I was just kidding. Why did you take it to heart? Looks like I can’t afford to pull his leg. 
After some time, they arrived at their destination, and Hannah trailed behind Xavier. It was her suggestion, so she had to bite the bullet. 
The restaurant was the biggest one that Hannah had been to. They had very luxurious decorations and a wide array of dishes. Needless to say, a place as such would definitely be very popular. 
If it were any other day, Hannah would have entered the restaurant bright-eyed and bushy-tailed. But it was different this time as she did not have the appetite to savor the food there. Every time I think about
eating here for the entire night, I feel lackadaisical. 
Walking past the entrance, she noticed that the restaurant did not implement a time limit for each customer. Oh my, this can go on all night. Sigh. 
They found themselves a quiet corner and sat down. As for placing the order, they gave the task to the unlucky assistant. 
He was flipping through Hannah’s file to check her favorite food before he placed the orders. 
Seeing how busy the assistant got, Hannah felt slightly sorry for him. I never knew that an assistant could serve such a purpose. 
As Hannah consumed the food in front of her, she chatted about everything under the sky with Xavier. Reflecting on all that had happened earlier that day and how they ended up enjoying the buffet together, Hannah found it rather bizarre. 
Suddenly, she thought of something, and her body trembled reflexively. Staring at Xavier, she fell into a trance. 
Flabbergasted, Xavier served her some food and then asked, “What’s wrong? You don’t like this dish?” 
Xavier noticed that she was rather distracted and thought that she was still dwelling on the untoward incident which happened in the morning. It will take some time for her to get over it. 
“No. Um… yes.” She felt bashful, not used to having other men serve her food. 
I need to remind myself to keep a distance from him. I’m married! 
Feeling awkward, she changed the topic, “Right, I overheard your phone conversation this morning. You know our chief editor?”
“You mean Vivian?” Xavier asked to confirm. Seeing that she was gradually getting into the mood again, he responded swiftly, “I know a lot about her.” 
Hannah became an eager beaver and leaned over, waiting for him to share more. 
He took his own sweet time to have a few sips of his drink before continuing, “She’s the wife of my best friend. They always stick together like glue. A very loving couple. That’s how I got to know her.”
###Chapter 1108
Chapter 1108 
From Xavier’s phone conversation earlier, Hannah could more or less figure it out. Therefore, when she heard Xavier’s response, she did not get all excited. On the contrary, she was a little disappointed because she thought Xavier had more juicy details to share, judging from his tone earlier. 
Narrowing his eyes, Xavier let out a smile. Then he shook his head. “It’s been a while since I last met up with Finnick. Oh, by the way, he’s the one who gave me the rose tea.” 
“Finnick? What’s his relationship with Fabian?” Hannah blurted her thoughts out. 
Hearing the name, Xavier’s gaze turned cold. He put on a stern look and clenched his fists as if he was crushing Fabian with his bare hands. 
Fabian… Do you enjoy competing with me for women? Sure, I’ll fight you till the end. You lost the last time, and I’ll make sure it’s the same ending for you this time. 
Soon, he suppressed his emotions and brushed his hair backward. “Finnick is Fabian’s uncle.” 
It was only then that Hannah realized she had asked Xavier an insensitive question. She was dumbstruck when she learned that Vivian was the wife of Fabian’s uncle. Does that mean Ms. Morrison is Fabian’s aunt? 
Then again, Ms. Morrison’s quite young. Why did she marry someone much older than her? Was it for money? Or does she have a fetish for older men and fell in love with Fabian’s uncle? 
Oh my goodness, this is insane! I didn’t expect Ms. Morrison to be… 
But why did Fabian address Ms. Morrison by her first name? Something isn’t right. I’m sure there’s something going on between them. I must find out more. Hannah was getting inquisitive. “Then, what’s
the relationship between Fabian and Ms. Morrison?” 
Xavier huffed as he tried to hold himself together. Then, he said calmly, “Fabian tried to court your chief editor previously, and he almost succeeded.” 
Thud! The utensil fell from Hannah’s hand, and she quickly picked it up while trying to conceal the glint of sadness that flashed across her eyes. Lowering her head, she muttered, “Oops, why do I have shaky hands? C-Carry on…” 
Xavier sighed. You have a soft spot for Fabian, don’t you? He’s not worthy of your love. Don’t worry. I’ll gradually make you fall in love with me. 
Initially, he just wanted to mess with Fabian, so he competed with the latter for Hannah. But somehow, he found himself falling for her. Perhaps he was attracted to her innocence and purity, which were rarely found in other girls. 
Packing his emotions up, Xavier said in retrospect, “Well, it’s a long story… Fabian then started wooing Vivian… In the end, the two became a couple.” 
He took another sip of his drink before saying indifferently, “Unexpectedly, he dumped Vivian and dated Belinda. My friend Finnick, who’s his uncle, married Vivian later on. However, he made a big fuss over it. Then, the rest is history.” 
That’s quite a story. Why did Fabian dump Vivian? He’s not that kind of person. Moreover, he just secretly stared at her photo the night before. It goes to show that he hasn’t let her go. I’m sure there’s a misunderstanding of some sort. 
Was that how Xavier’s conflict with Fabian started? Xavier is Finnick’s best friend, and Fabian caused havoc during Finnick’s wedding. That’s probably why Xavier sees Fabian as a rival. However, someone
as haughty as Fabian would never back down, even when faced with a domineering figure like Xavier. 
If the contention between them is resolved, will everything go back to normal? 
“I’m sure there’s a misunderstanding!” Hannah roared as if she was defending Fabian.
###Chapter 1109
Chapter 1109 
Xavier treated Hannah’s words as an indication of ignorance and brushed it aside since he had labeled Fabian as a snake. He assumed that she was defending him because she did not know better. 
“That’s enough. I know you two are close, but I’m just stating the facts. He has a nickname, you know? They call him the Star Collector! He might be the only one who would do ‘multi-timing’ with different female celebrities at the same time.” 
Xavier knew what he said would upset Hannah, but he decided it was best for Hannah to find out earlier. Even though Xavier had selfish motives, he told her everything that happened honestly. 
Star Collector? Although their marriage was just for show, Hannah actually knew Fabian quite well. She knew that Fabian was not the type of guy that people make him out to be. She even paid special attention to confirm it herself, noting that Fabian had zero scandals a year ago. 
Did this all happen after Vivian? Is Fabian trying to numb himself with the actresses because he lost all faith in love? 
With that in mind, Hannah was confident that she was right as a sense of pity for Fabian welled up from within. Who would’ve thought that he’d be such a devoted lover? 
It took her a while to compose herself before she finally spoke again. “I think I understand. There must have been some misunderstanding. Fabian… “ 
“Let’s just talk about something else,” Xavier did not let Hannah finish. “No use for us to keep dwelling on the past.” 
Nevertheless, Hannah did not back down because it involved Fabian.
“Wait, Mr. Jackson. Let me finish.” 
“Here, have some meat,” Xavier said as he picked up a piece of beef and passed it to her in one swift motion. His expression had reverted to the friendly look he always wore. 
Seeing how Xavier acted, Hannah was at a loss for words. So, she had no choice but to comply. “Em, Mr. Jackson, don’t worry about me. You should just enjoy your food.” 
“Okay,” Xavier replied, but the meat still ended up on Hannah’s plate. 
In response, Hannah smiled awkwardly while she fiddled with her food, looking troubled. 
The atmosphere of the meal had soured ever since Fabian was brought up, but Hannah was not concerned. However, Xavier’s opinion of Fabian got even worse. 
With Hannah’s dejected look in front of him, Xavier secretly decided to bring her somewhere relaxing and have some fun. 
That day afternoon, Xavier brought Hannah to an amusement park where he eventually convinced her to face her fear of the roller coaster. 
At night, Xavier invited Hannah to dinner, but she turned it down. Hanna wanted to head home and have dinner with Fabian, even though he had not contacted her even once that whole day. 
Xavier knew better than to insist, so he dropped Hannah off somewhere near her house. At first, Hannah wanted to refuse, but she had already rejected Xavier’s ride once. She had no heart to do it a second time, so Hannah gave Xavier directions to a place near her house. 
“Alright, you take care then,” Xavier bid Hannah farewell.
“Don’t worry. I will,” Hannah replied as she opened the door and got out before she waved him goodbye. 
Hannah walked away, turning around only after hearing the roar of the engine fade into the distance as she breathed out a sigh of relief. 
What’s Fabian doing right now? 
Her shadow, stretched by the warm yellow streetlight as she threaded forward on the empty sidewalk. 
Leaves rustled in the wind that played with her hair, falling off as though they wanted to join their brethren on the ground, escaping their isolation with the aid of the breeze.
###Chapter 1110
Chapter 1110 
Hannah arrived home not long after, opening the door to the darkness of an empty house. She proceeded to turn on the lights as she figured Fabian would be back real soon. 
“Hello? Where are you?” Hannah gave Fabian a call nonetheless. 
“I’m outside having dinner with some business partners, don’t wait up for me and eat first. Alright, bye.” 
The call ended as soon as Fabian finished his sentence. There was no room for Hannah to utter even a single word. 
No wonder he hadn’t call me. He’s been busy. Hannah loosened up with that in mind. She was initially worried that Fabian would question where she was the entire day, but that concern was replaced by disappointment. He really couldn’t give me even a single call? 
Alone, Hannah went on to have dinner before she took a bath. 
After that, she curled up on the couch and turned on the television, watching the programs with a hint of sadness on her face. 
Fabian must still have feelings for Vivian. Yeah. She’s beautiful, elegant, and has the status to match his. It’s no wonder he’d like her. 
Hannah’s mind started wandering off. I’m the fool here for thinking that I could go on living with Fabian like this. Hannah Young, just look at yourself! Who do you think you are and what do you have to offer? She believed that there was no way she could even compare herself to Vivian. 
Huh. The man I’m with is in love with another woman. How ironic. It was all just my wishful thinking. He has never made any promise but I still ended up fantasizing about it.
Things were getting gloom. 
Why didn’t you tell me sooner, Fabian? Why did you have to wait for me to fall in love with you? If you had told me earlier that you still loved her, I would’ve never allowed myself to for fall you. 
With all those thoughts in her head, Hannah started sobbing. Her body shivered and twitched as she cried a river. 
It dawned on her how much affection she had for Fabian, a burning passion that could not be dowsed. The only thing Hannah could do at this point was to hold in all her feelings to the best of her ability. She had no idea how long the current state would last. How I wish this would go on forever. 
After a long while, Fabian appeared on the sidewalk, treading along with heavy footsteps until he reached the steel gates of the villa, still slightly drunk. He saw that the lights in the living were lit and was delighted, thinking that Hannah was still waiting for him. 
When Fabian stepped foot into the house, he heard the familiar yet irritating conversations from the television. She’s watching those again? Is she still up because of the drama or me? Then, he noticed Hannah was missing. Where’s she? 
His gaze shifted around and found Hannah lying on the couch. She was already sound asleep. 
The joy Fabian felt was no more while a sudden urge to pull Hannah up grew inside of him. The contrast between his expectation versus reality was too extreme, as it was between a loving wife waiting for him at home and a drama addict that fell asleep in front of the television. 
Hmph! Fabian snorted softly to express his discontent before he gently took off his coat and approached Hannah.
Huh? Is she sick? Fabian noticed the balls of tissue on the floor when he got closer, so he bent down to place his lips on Hannah’s forehead. Hmm. It’s not hot though. 
His hand moved towards her face and uncovered it from her hair, revealing the tear stains. 
She cried? 
Fabian was puzzled. I didn’t do anything to her though. Why did she end up like this? 
He could not think of anything else that would have made Hannah cry like this besides him. 
Other than the few times where Hannah cried because of Fabian, he had never actually seen her cry. No matter what difficulty she faced at work, Hannah would always face it head-on with a smile.
###Chapter 1111
Chapter 1111 
Fabian slowly placed a hand under Hannah’s neck while the other wrapped around her waist, picking her up from the couch. 
Huh. Let’s just bring her to the bed for now. 
After Fabian tugged Hannah in bed, he came out and went to the washroom. He repeatedly splashed the cold water onto his face in an attempt to wake himself up and ease the drowsiness he was feeling. 
Then, he slowly took out his phone from his pocket and called his assistant, “Help me find out what Hannah did today.” 
Subsequently, Fabian took off all his clothes and turned on the shower to let the water beat on him, wetting his hair before running across his face, forcing his eyes shut. 
It did not take long for Fabian to wash up and get out with a loose bathrobe on him. He dragged his feet towards the couch and plopped himself on it. 
He rummaged through the drawer of the coffee table and took out a cigarette, placing it in his mouth before lighting it. It had been a while since he last smoke. 
Fabian took a deep breath before letting out a puff of smoke as his brows unknitted. 
All of a sudden, his phone rang. It was his assistant reporting back to him about Hannah. “Mr. Norton, it looks like Ms. Young was with… Xavier Jackson the whole day.” 
The assistant’s voice was trembling as he knew that Xavier and Fabian were not on friendly terms. He was afraid that the report would spoil Fabian’s mood, and he would be caught up in Fabian’s wrath.
What? She was with Xavier? Now that’s too much! Why was she crying then! Does she think I’d go soft if she cried? 
“Give me the specifics!” It was just as the assistant expected. Fabian went haywire after hearing the information, his voice cold as ice. 
The assistant proceeded to inform Fabian about everything he found out for fear of displeasing his boss. 
“Alright, I got it.” Fabian ended the call as soon as he heard everything and tossed the phone aside before he leaned back onto the couch. 
At the moment, deep crevices formed on his forehead, but his lips curled while he stared at the ceiling with narrowed eyes. 
So, she found out about Vivian and me? And she’s jealous? 
Fabian was actually a smart man, able to piece a general idea together with mere crumbs of information the assistant gave him. 
Suddenly, he shot up from the couch and headed straight into his study. In there, he took out a photo from an old book. It was the one that Hannah saw. 
The photo was secretly taken by Fabian when he was still with Vivian. He kept it because he felt guilty for breaking up with her and wanted to preserve some of his most precious memories in the form of a photograph. 
Oh. Fabian snickered, laughing at himself as he casually pulled open a drawer on the bookshelf and took out a small box from it. He tapped on it with his slender finger to open it up.
The inside was filled almost to the brim with ash. It represented the memories that Fabian and Vivian made back then. 
Click! Out of nowhere, Fabian took out a lighter and set the photo on fire. He had a blank gaze as he watched the fire burn. 
“It has been a long time. It really is time to let go and let the past fade into oblivion,” Fabian spoke to himself, dropping the ball of fire into the small box. 
The picture of Vivian’s silhouette fell into the box, melding in with the ashes. With the addition of the photo’s remnant, the box seemed to be finally full, as though it had been waiting for it all along. 
“Looks like you should have been with them from the start.” Fabian grinned. 
He then went on to shut the box and flung it out the window.
###Chapter 1112
Chapter 1112 
The box flew across the sky and landed on the floor, rolling for a bit before it stopped. 
Fabian proceeded to shut the window as he felt something indescribable within him, but he knew that this was what his heart wanted. 
After that, he returned to Hannah’s room and burrowed into the blanket, embracing Hannah before shutting his eyes, satisfied. 
When dawn came, Hannah was confused to see that she was in Fabian’s embrace. There was a hint of sadness on her face as she placed her right arm on Fabian’s waist to hold him in place for fear of him leaving her. 
They were both indulging in each other’s embrace, enjoying the sweet taste of happiness, before a song rang out and ruined the moment. 
Fabian’s eyes opened and blinked when he heard the music, dazed while Hannah tried to shut it out by burying herself under the blanket as she was annoyed by it. Eventually, she realized how futile her effort was, so she moved her hand around, looking for her phone with her eyes closed. 
All of a sudden, she felt something warm and snapped out of it, uncovering the blanket to find her phone in Fabian’s hand. Hannah smiled awkwardly as she picked up her phone while avoiding Fabian’s hand. 
Huh? Mom? Why is she calling? Hannah was curious. Oh well. Fabian is here, so I might as well ask him to explain it to her. 
“Hello? Mom? There’s something I need to tell you,” she spoke after picking up. She took a deep breath, bracing herself since she decided to reveal her relationship with Fabian.
“Hannah, I have something to tell you too.” The voice from the other side of the phone sounded anxious like something serious had happened. 
Huh? I doubt it’s as important as what I have to say, so I need to speak first before Fabian leaves. 
Hannah turned towards Fabian and gave him a profound stare, telling him that it was her mother and that he needed to explain everything before he left. 
“Mom, calm down. Let me go first, I…” 
“Your father and I are not your biological parents, Hannah,” her mother interrupted with her helpless voice. 
“What? Mom, you shouldn’t be joking around like that. Today’s not April Fools. Don’t say these sorts of things just because you want to talk first. I get it, okay? I’ll let you go first.” 
Hannah was not concerned about what she just heard and shook her head. Ugh. It’s my fault for not visiting them after so long. Mom’s even using tricks like these now. Hannah and her mother were very close back then. They would oftentimes joke around with each other, so she did not take what her mother said too seriously 
“Hannah, I’m serious. You… you were a baby that your father adopted. Your biological father has found us. He’s here right now.” 
What she said was a bolt from the blue, catching Hannah off guard as her phone slipped out her hand and slammed onto the floor. Her eyes were wide open in disbelief. 
Me? Adopted?
At the same time, Fabian’s heart ached when he heard their conversation. He looked at Hannah, who was stunned, and understood how distraught she must be. So, he tried to comfort her, “No matter who’s your parents are, you still have me. Let’s freshen up. We’ll head over to your house to see what’s going on.” 
Compared to Hannah, Fabian was much more composed. Seeing that Hannah was not budging, he shifted forward. “Come on. You’ll have to face it sooner or later.” 
This time, he did not wait for Hannah’s response as he pulled her out. 
That’s right! It is inevitable… So me being like this is absolutely pointless. Hannah secretly accepted this fact no matter how reluctant she felt. 
“Alright. I was just a bit stumped. I’m fine now.” It was the first time Fabian heard Hannah speak to him with such a monotonous voice and lifeless expression, but he figured it was because of the phone call.
###Chapter 1113
Chapter 1113 
“Are you really okay?” Fabian was still worried, seeing how Hannah was acting. 
Nevertheless, Hannah nodded without saying anything. 
Fabian let out a sigh but said nothing more, walking out of the washroom. 
The two of them quickly got everything ready and head off to Hannah’s house. 
In the car, Hannah repeatedly visualized her meeting with her biological parents. Do you feel guilty for abandoning me? Was it an accident? If so, why are you only here now? If it was intentional, why reunite with me now? 
Hannah had always been a pessimist; she was always prepared for the worst-case scenario. That’s why she would always be able to keep her cool. 
In this situation right now, the worst-case scenario would be that they intentionally abandoned me. They’re only looking for me now because the family was facing a crisis and needed help from me. What would that crisis be then? 
Hannah shook her head. We’ll see. Things might not be as bad as I think. 
On the other hand, Fabian was hand had been on his phone, tapping away as he sent out messages after messages. 
He sneaked a glance at Hannah as she was dazed, concerned about how she was doing. Fabian already knew the full story and thought that Hannah’s biological parents were too merciless. Even if she’s a girl, she’s still your daughter.
Even so, it was Hannah’s decision to make. Fabian knew what was going on and could not agree with it, but he had no right to stop Hannah. He did not want to anyway. 
The car sped on the road, and the scenery outside changed rapidly, reflecting Hannah’s current state of mind, anxious and conflicting. 
Soon, the two of them arrived at Hannah’s foster parents’ house. When they stepped inside, A middle- aged woman immediately came and pulled Hannah by the hands. “Hannah! You’re back!” 
It was Gillian, Hannah’s foster mother. She was not really well educated, but she taught Hannah a lot and cared about her for all those years. 
“I’m back, Mom. How are you feeling?” 
As Hannah spoke, waves of warmth pulsated throughout her body. Hannah was immensely grateful to all the love that Gillian gave her. I would never be able to fully repay you for all that you’ve done for me. 
Naturally, Hannah showed no signs of hesitation, answering her mother’s questions while inspecting her to see if anything was wrong. 
“Everything’s alright. Don’t worry…” Gillian was happy to hear how her daughter was concerned about her, but she was interrupted by a potbellied middle-aged man. 
“So, this is Hannah?” 
“Yes, I’m Hannah Young.” There was a flash of detest in Hannah’s eyes, but her response was polite. 
Right after her introduction, Hannah ignored the man and turned back to her mother. “Mom, who’s this man?” 
Truth be told, Hannah had already guessed the man’s identity, but she still wanted to ask.
“He’s your biological father. The birthmark you have and the time… The time your father got you, they both match his statement,” Gillian said with a hint of sorrow in her eyes. 
She had been treating Hannah as her own daughter for so many years now, and she actually envisioned the day where someone would come looking for Hannah. However, it had been twenty years, Hannah’s parents did not show up for over two decades, but suddenly appeared out of nowhere when Gillian was planning to arrange a blind date for Hannah. 
Even though she knew Hannah was not the ungrateful type, part of her still thought that the daughter that she raised was about to be taken away from her.
###Chapter 1114
Chapter 1114 
“Hannah! I’m your dad! I’ve been looking everywhere for you! Thank the grace of the lord that led me to you…” The middle-aged man motioned to wipe his tears as he spoke, but his eyes were dry the entire time. 
Fabian’s gaze turned cold as he looked at the man disdainfully. Oh Leo Blackwood, you really know how to put up an act, huh? You even did something as vile as abandoning a child. No wonder people describe you as an old fox. 
Hannah was carefully examining the man in front of her. Everything he wore was branded, and he even had a watch on his wrist that definitely costed a fortune. On top of that, the way he spoke was a clear indication of him being a very experienced businessman. 
There was no way Hannah would ever believe the bluff. “Oh? You’ve been looking for me? With your status, I’m sure it wouldn’t be hard. Why did it take you so long?” she responded, feeling annoyed. 
Hannah never really felt any liking towards the man since he was the reason she suddenly became an adopted child. To top it off, she was to call a stranger father, and Hannah was having none of it. 
“I… I… I sent people to search for you, didn’t I? My business wasn’t doing so well a few years ago, so I was busy managing that. But of course, stabilizing my business was but a means to gain power so I could find you sooner,” the man explained uneasily after hearing Hannah’s doubt. 
Wow. That’s a really lame explanation. Do you think I’m still a child who you can fool with that! Hannah never liked people like these. The ones that would not admit their mistakes and looked for excuses whenever they could. What’s the point?
“Just tell the truth that you didn’t look for me.” Hannah was ruthless. “There’s no point in making things up. Tell me, what problems are you facing right now?” 
Having heard what she said, the man’s face froze. He was rendered speechless since this was his fault from the start. 
Even though Gillian was not happy about it, she figured that the man was still Hannah’s father. So, she came forward, seeing that things were getting awkward, and tried to defuse the situation. “Hannah, Mr. Blackwood here was actually always looking for you, but it was only recently that he found a lead.” 
So his name is Blackwood. 
“Mom, you don’t have to help him explain himself. He knows what happened better than anyone else.” Hannah felt nothing but repulse for the man in front of her. She was certain that someone who would abandon their child would never be a good person. 
Gillian got a bit mad after hearing what Hannah said. “What’s going on now! Do you not listen to me anymore?” 
Her roar was exceptionally effective as it immediately silenced Hannah. 
“Sorry about that, Mr. Blackwood. It’s my fault for not teaching her properly.” 
“It’s fine. No problem at all,” Leo laughed as he spoke. It’s always good to have someone bail me out. 
“Hmph! Even if I wasn’t taught properly, I’m still much better than someone out there. Am I right, Mom?” Hannah made sure to say as loud as possible to try and anger Leo Blackwood. 
Gillian, however, did not know how to respond, but she suddenly noticed the man standing beside Hannah. “Um… Hannah? This man here… is your boyfriend?” Gillian asked quietly.
Boyfriend? We’re way beyond that. We’re married! But come to think of it, I never actually gave Mom a thorough run-through of the situation since Fabian promised he’d settle everything. 
“Hmm… It’s better if I let him do the explaining,” Hannah said and shifted her gaze towards Fabian. 
By then, Fabian was already well prepared to handle the situation that Hannah threw at him. Nevertheless, there were too many people present. He would be on the headline of the newspapers if people found out that he secretly got married. “It’s a long story, so I think we should talk about it some other day.”
###Chapter 1115
Chapter 1115 
Fabian’s words made Hannah look towards Leo. He’s right. If this guy talked about it, I’d become a public enemy before tomorrow ended. 
“Is that alright, Mom? Let’s talk about it next time.” 
Out of nowhere, Leo’s phone rang. The sound was loud enough to cause the whole living room to go quiet. “Excuse me,” Leo said with a smile. 
“Hello? Yes, I found her. There shouldn’t be any problem I think. Yes… I know… Alright, I’m at their place right now… That’s it for now.” 
Leo hastily ended the call and looked towards Hannah with a bright smile on his face. “Hannah, please trust me. I really looked for you. I even have my own business now, so come work for your father instead! No point in working your ass off for someone else, am I right?” 
Wow, Leo Blackwood. You’re something else. What now? The sentimental way didn’t work, so you’re trying to entice her with cash? I bet you don’t know Hannah. She’s not the kind of girl that gives a damn about money. 
Meanwhile, Hannah was also infuriated by what Leo just said. She felt insulted, thinking that he was trying to bait her with money. 
Hold it right there! Do I look like I need your money? What’s wrong with working for someone else? I’ll do it as long as I’m happy, and you can’t stop me. Besides, if I really wanted money, I’d have seduced Fabian a long time ago! He’s ten times richer than you! 
“Father? I don’t have a father like you. Tell me, how did you lose me back then?” Hannah asked with an obviously insulting tone. She could not care less about being rude towards Leo as she shouted.
“You… you were very playful back then, and that was how you… you got lost! I couldn’t find you no matter how hard I tried. You don’t know how anxious I was back then. I was…” Leo was stuttering at first, but he managed to find a flow and stuck with it. 
However, Hannah did not let him finish. “Me? Playful? How did you even come up with this explanation? You can ask my mother right now! I was so shy back then. I wouldn’t even talk to strangers normally, but you’re telling me I was playful? Just listen to the shit that just came out from your mouth! Are you kidding me? On top of that, as a loving father, shouldn’t you be looking after your young daughter at all times, especially when you’re outside. Now you’re telling me you’ve been searching for me all this time. How dare you!” 
Leo’s expression immediately darkened after hearing what Hannah said. He was infuriated and pointed his finger at her. 
“Hannah Young! You’ve gone too far! I’ll be honest, I actually felt really guilty back then, but there was nothing I could do. Whether you believe it or not, that’s up to you. But that’s not the point for me being here. I’m here today to tell you that your brother has leukaemia and needs a bone marrow donor. He’s only sixteen years old. Are you going to let him die? So be it! I’ve said all that I have to say. Everything’s in your hands now.” 
Hannah was dumbfounded by his statement. I… I have a brother? And he has leukemia! 
Silenced ensued as soon as Leo stopped talking, leaving only the sound of people breathing. 
Leo saw that Hannah was speechless, so he also put himself down since it was for his one and only son. 
“Hannah, I admit that it was my fault for what happened back then. I’m sorry. But even if you don’t want to recognize me as your father, please think about your brother. He’s only sixteen, Hannah. Please help
him.” 
At the moment, Hannah’s mind was in total disarray. She was lost and did not know what she should do. In front of a father like Leo, she had absolute determination. However, now that she knew she had a brother, things were different. She would not be able to face herself if she let him die.
###Chapter 1116
Chapter 1116 
Gillian hesitated to speak as she did not know what she should say. Hannah was a grown woman now, so she should make these sorts of decisions herself. 
On the other hand, Fabian stood quietly by Hannah’s side, waiting patiently for her to make a decision. No matter what it was, he was set on supporting her and protecting her. 
In the end, Hannah made up her mind. She could not let her brother die, so she wanted to recognize them as her family and save him. 
“Alright. I’ll do it. But I’m only doing this for my brother. Nothing else,” Hannah spoke with some lingering reluctance. 
“Hannah, I knew you weren’t that merciless.” Leo was ecstatic to hear Hannah’s response. “Your brother is at the Southside Hospital. You two are brother and sister, so your bone marrow will definitely be compatible. Let’s go right now.” 
“I’m fine with her donating her bone marrow, but we need to change hospitals!” Fabian finally said something after a while with a serious expression. 
“Why? What if his condition worsened? Can you take responsibility if that happened?” Leo was irritated, thinking that Fabian was there to cause trouble. Why would he make this odd request if otherwise? Hannah’s already agreed. 
“It would only take one day. There’s no way leukemia would worsen in such a short time. We have some medical knowledge, you know. Please don’t spout nonsense.” Fabian was never kind to people like this. If it were not for Hannah, Leo would be gone by now.
“Who do you think you are to butt into other people’s business?” Leo’s temper shot up. He was used to being high and mighty all the time, so being mocked by a youngster was too much for him. I know you’re Hannah’s boyfriend, but don’t assume you have a say in what’s going on. Hannah’s already agreed. Why would I care about you? 
“Oh, sorry. I have forgotten to introduce myself. Fabian, Fabian Norton!” Fabian looked at Leo as he announced his identity. 
As soon as Leo heard that, his jaw dropped, and he froze in place, speechless. No wonder Hannah didn’t accept my proposition earlier. She had a goldmine backing her up all along! Does this mean I’m Fabian Norton’s in-law now? That’s extremely beneficial to me! 
Nonetheless, Leo gave it some more thought. Fabian Norton is infamous for ruining the lives of anyone that got in his way. The things I usually do are just party tricks compared to his. 
Having said that, Leo desperately wanted his son to be safe, so he spoke out, “Mr. Norton, even if you’re the president of Norton Corporation, this is a family affair. So please don’t force yourself onto this issue. 
“Oh?” Fabian responded as he looked towards Hannah. 
When their eyes met, Hannah immediately understood what was going on. “I listen to him when it comes to things like this.” 
That’s my girl! She could read me well. 
Fabian’s lips curled in an insulting manner, “So, what now, Mr. Blackwood?” 
Leo was agitated, but he needed Hannah to save his son, so he backed down. “Alright. Okay. Which hospital do you have in mind? I’ll make the arrangements.”
“The only private hospital available, Mercy Hospital,” answered calmly. 
“Mercy Hospital? Mr. Norton, we’ll only be waiting in line if we went to that hospital. It takes a week, even if I found a way to cut the queue! Isn’t this just putting my son’s life in danger?” 
Hannah also got worried after hearing what Leo said. Oh no. Is he trying to stop me from donating my bone marrow by transferring my brother to another hospital? I’d hate you forever if you do that!
###Chapter 1117
Chapter 1117 
“You don’t have to worry about that,” Fabian said confidently. “All you need to do is bring the brother there. I’ll handle the rest.” 
With his assurance, Hannah felt relieved as there was no need to worry after hearing that from Fabian. 
“Alright then. I’ll go take care of the discharge procedures.” Leo spoke hastily and hurried away, not wanting to waste a single second. 
Fabian followed behind and got out to make a call. “Hello? Mr. Lake? Yes, it’s me… There will be a leukemia patient transferring over to your hospital. He’ll be using my name. So please help me make the arrangements for his stay there. Thank you.” 
Fabian ended the call and saw Hannah and her mother talking from the door. Their eyes were both wet with tears. Oh well, problems just keep on coming for this woman. 
Not long after, Hannah got up. She was worried about the brother that she had never seen, so she said goodbye to Gillian and dragged Fabian to the hospital. 
Along the way, her blank stare never shifted away from the window. She was like a statue, frozen in time. 
“If you have anything to say, just say it. You’ll feel better.” Fabian was worried about Hannah. 
Eventually, Hannah snapped out of it and held in her tears. “Ha! What kind of a father is he? That was some fatherly love he showed back there. I didn’t want it at all! I’m doing all this for my brother!” 
Fabian proceeded to pull Hannah closer with one arm and softly stroked her hair with the other.
Hannah did not resist, continuing to vent her frustration at him. 
“My life was fine until he comes along and ruins everything. Biological father my a**! He left me to rot back then and appears again after twenty years! I thought he wanted to redeem himself, but it turns out he’s only here because of his son! He only needed me to save my own brother from leukemia! He even insulted me with money! Do I really look like someone who loves money! How could he be so ridiculous!” 
Seeing Hannah complaining like that made Fabian feel like laughing. It was the first time he saw her acting like this. 
Nonetheless, Fabian held it in and listened quietly. He knew that Hannah was a really sentimental person, so Leo’s indifference must have disgusted her. 
Soon after, they arrived at Mercy Hospital. Someone immediately approached them as soon as they got out of the car. It was the man that Hannah detested, Leo Blackwood. 
“Mr. Norton, thank you so much for what you did. I’ll be honest, we initially wanted to bring him here, but we couldn’t get in the queue in time, so we sent him to Southside.” Leo’s tone this time was more polite as he was trying to befriend Fabian. After all, chances like these were hard to come by. 
Fabian gave him a slight nod as a response. 
“Where is my brother?” Hannah got really annoyed from seeing Leo. 
“Follow me,” Leo answered calmly. 
The two of them went on to follow Leo until they reached a VIP ward. As soon as they went in, they could see two people at the bedside.
Huh? Is the one on the right my mother? Who’s that on the left, then? Did my mother have three kids? Does that mean I have a sister as well? 
Right then, Leo walked forward and point to the woman on the right. “This is your mother.” 
“Hello, Hannah,” the woman greeted with a smile on her face. 
“Hi.” Hannah was confused as she did not know how to address her so-called biological mother. In the end, she gave up. 
“And this is your older sister, Lyna,” Leo introduced as he pointed towards the lady on the left. 
“Hi, I’m Lyna.” Lyna’s gaze was locked onto Fabian as she said that, brimming with lust.
###Chapter 1118
Chapter 1118 
Why is she staring at Fabian like that? Did she fall in love at first sight? 
On the other hand, Fabian slowly moved his body closer to Hannah and quietly shoved his phone into her hand. 
Hannah was puzzled when she got the phone, so she whispered, “What’s up?” 
Fabian felt embarrassed when he heard that. What do you think? Look at it, of course! Do you think I’d ask you to take photos with it? 
“Look.” 
“Look at what?” Hannah was still confused. 
“The phone!” Fabian was getting agitated. I really can’t tell whether she’s actually stupid. If I said yes, she’d be showing me how fast her brain could think sometimes, but if I said no, these sorts of things happen quite often too. 
“Oh.” Hannah proceeded to take a look at the phone. 
Winson Blackwood, the son of Leo Blackwood and his legitimate wife… Huh? So my brother’s name is Winson. But what does this other half mean? 
Hannah continued reading. Felicia Chalamet, Leo Blackwood’s mistress-turned-wife… mistress? Then she became his wife? That means she’s not my mother, but my stepmother, right? What is this man doing! 
When she the better half of the story, Hannah’s opinion of Leo worsened immediately.
Lyna Blackwood, the daughter of Leo Blackwood and Felicia Chalamet… 
As soon as she was done, Hannah walked straight towards the bed, ignoring Leo as she went to look at Winson. 
At the moment, he looked relatively skinny and weak. Several red spots could be seen on his right arm, and his belly was slightly bloated as beads of sweat constantly formed on his forehead. 
Hannah felt slightly dejected after seeing her brother in this state. 
Why did this happen? This really is leukemia! 
“When can we do the surgery?” she asked anxiously while she wiped away Winson’s cold sweat. 
“Any time. I have asked about it as soon as we got here. They say that as long as your bone marrow is compatible, they can do it any time,” Leo answered immediately, thrilled to see that Hannah was just as concerned as he was. 
“Okay. Call someone over to do the compatibility test right now. Let’s do the surgery this afternoon.” Hannah could not bear to see her brother suffer even a second more. 
“Huh? That’s not an option. You need to rest for a day at least. The surgery will be tomorrow.” Fabian commented with a stern expression, unhappy about what he just heard. 
“Why? Look at him. It’s so heart-wrenching to see him like this. Isn’t it better to get it done as soon as possible?” Hannah tried to fight back. 
“You didn’t get enough sleep last night, so the surgery might be too much for your body to handle right now. Besides, the surgeon that I found can only be here tomorrow. If you want your brother to be as safe as possible, wait for a day then.”
Truth be told, Fabian was afraid that something might go wrong during the surgery. That was why he requested the hospital transfer. He even got a specialist specifically for that operation. 
Hence, Hannah did not have a choice. The doctor was not available, so she could not do it even if she wanted to. In the end, she reluctantly accepted Fabian’s proposition with a nod. 
Meanwhile, there was a peculiar glint in Lyna’s gaze, shifting between Fabian and Hannah repeatedly. 
There’s definitely something going on between them. If not, why would Fabian do all this for her? 
“Thank you, Mr. Norton, for helping my brother.” 
Lyna spoke after taking step forward, fiddling with her hair. 
It was then that Fabian finally realized that the woman was Lyna. 
After his breakup with Vivian, Fabian went around and mingled with all sorts of women. Lyna was one of them, as they spent quite some time together. Nevertheless, Fabian was never serious about it, so he did not pay much attention. 
“No problem. Who would have thought that he was your brother,” Fabian gave a mannerly response. 
“Why not I treat you to a meal later? As a token of appreciation for you helping my brother and to do some catch up since it has been a while since we last met.” 
Lyna knew about Fabian’s net worth, so she wanted to get on his good side. Back then, she frequently asked her father to help her put in a good word with the Norton family, hoping that she could marry him. If I became Fabian’s wife, I would get everything I ever wanted!
###Chapter 1119
Chapter 1119 
“I don’t think that’s necessary. I have other matters to attend to,” Fabian declined Lyna’s offer and looked towards Hannah, clearly worried about her. 
Lyna was caught off guard by his refusal since the Fabian Norton that she knew back then never rejected her like that. What’s going on? 
Seeing the way Fabian looked at Hannah, it dawned on Lyna. 
Is he rejecting me because of her? What other matters? Is he having lunch with her? She looked towards Hannah menacingly. 
How did you manage to appear out of nowhere and spoil two of my plans? First, you’re saving that dying brat, Winson. Now, you’re thinking of getting together with Fabian? No way! Don’t be too full of yourself! You’re just an abandoned kid from the Blackwood family. You have no right to meddle with my man. Fabian Norton is mine! 
Even with that in mind, Lyna kept her cool. “Alright then, Mr. Norton. I respect your decision. Maybe we can do that some other time when you’re .” 
She was certain that Fabian was not dining with her in his current condition, so it was better for her to ask him next time than insisting. 
“Sure. I’ll be off then,” Fabian answered nonchalantly before he dragged Hannah away with him. 
At that moment, Lyna looked towards their backs with narrowed eyes, her expression dark and sinister. What did this woman feed him to make him value her so much? Wait, I need to think of something fast. If this goes on, Fabian will be stolen away!
“Why did you pull me out of there? I wanted to stay by my brother’s side.” Hannah questioned as soon as they got out of the ward, flinging Fabian’s hand off hers. 
“If you want to go through the surgery tomorrow, you come home with me.” Fabian was also irritated. 
You ungrateful dumb woman! I’m worried about your health condition. I want you to rest! Why are you complaining? 
On the other hand, even though Hannah knew Fabian meant well. The way he said it still irked her. Can’t you talk to me in a gentler way? Why do you have to be so forceful all the time? 
But she gave in briefly after. After all, Fabian was the one who got the surgeon. “Alright, let’s go. But I have work in the afternoon since I only took half a day’s leave.” 
“No need. I’ll help you apply for a one week leave.” 
“What? A week? Is that even necessary? I’m not some princess with a weak constitution. Isn’t that too much? Besides, the company only allows employees a maximum of twenty days’ worth of leaves. I won’t be able to apply for more if you do that! What happens if there’s an emergency?” 
Hannah got really antsy as she spoke. According to the company policy, if anyone takes more than twenty days’ worth of leave, they’ll be fired! I can’t have that! This is my only source of income! 
“I’ll ask the driver to send you home.” Fabian did not answer her and walked straight out of the hospital, leaving Hannah there stamping her foot on the floor, enraged, before she followed suit. 
“Hello? Is this Mr. Lake?” Lyna was on the phone. “Yes, it’s me. I need your help. I hope you don’t refuse. You’ll reap some benefits too. Alright, let’s meet up later.” Her lips curled as she wore a sinister look on her face.
Meanwhile, Fabian had asked the driver to send Hannah home while he left for the company. As soon as he got there, he went to the receptionist and asked, “Is the person here? 
“Yes, Mr. Norton. He’s waiting for you in your office.” 
Hearing that, Fabian nodded and hurried off. 
“Dr. Warren.” He greeted the man sitting on the sofa when he got into his office. 
The man immediately shot up and approached Fabian, holding out his right hand, giving him a handshake. “It’s been a while, Fabian. What has happened for you to call me on such short notice?” 
This man was Walter Warren. He knew Fabian’s father a long time ago. Walter had lost his father to an accident at a construction site when he was in university. He lost all support and could not make ends meet, let alone pay for his fees. It was Fabian’s father who supported him through it all with what little money he had.
###Chapter 1120
Chapter 1120 
A few years after Walter graduated, he was assigned to the National Hospital in the capital due to his excellent results. And now, he had risen through the ranks to become the director of that hospital. 
“To be honest, I asked you to come because I need your help.” Fabian proceeded to explain Winson’s condition to Walter. 
“What do you think the operation’s probability of success is?” Fabian frowned. If the operation wasn’t successful, Hannah would be upset even if she was alright. 
“Based on what you have told me, the operation would be ninety percent successful if the bone marrow matches,” Walter explained earnestly. 
“Dr. Warren, will the operation have any side effects on the donor of the bone marrow?” Fabian asked with concern as he knew there was no way he could stop Hannah. 
“As of now, I have not heard of any negative side effects. At most, they will feel physically tired for a while,” Walter replied. 
Fabian nodded and continued, “Dr. Warren, there’s something else I need to tell you.” 
Fabian paused before adding with a solemn expression, “During the operation, you have to keep an eye on the other doctors and be wary of their actions.” 
“Hmm? Is someone trying to harm them?” Walter was shocked to hear that there were people who dared to hurt those related to Fabian. It’s unbelievable. 
“I’m not sure but it doesn’t hurt to be careful.”
He was aware of the Blackwood family’s situation and they were not to be messed with. Furthermore, Winson was Leo’s only son. If he died, all the family’s assets would naturally go to the others. 
“Alright. Don’t worry, I’ll keep a lookout.” Given how intensely Fabian furrowed his eyebrows, Walter knew how important this matter was to him. 
“Mmm-hmm. Thanks for doing this.” Fabian stood up and added, “Dr. Warren, I have arranged your accommodation and a driver for you. Since you have just landed, you should have a good rest. I’ll be picking you up tomorrow. As of now, there’s something I need to deal with and have to take my leave. Please forgive me for doing so.” 
As he was worried someone might sabotage the operation, he decided to head to the hospital to make detailed preparations. 
“Mmm-hmm. Go ahead with whatever you need to do. There’s no need for such formality given how long we have known each other,” Walter replied with a smile. If not for Fabian’s father’s help, he wouldn’t have been so successful. 
Meanwhile, in a private room within a restaurant, a gorgeous woman in black lace stockings sat provocatively with her legs crossed. The woman was Lyna. 
Sitting opposite her was Mr. Lake whom she had just spoken with over the phone. 
“Mr. Lake, the reason I called you is that I need your help to arrange for someone to sabotage the operation. I presume this won’t be difficult for you?” After a brief chat, Lyna got straight to the point. 
“I don’t think this is appropriate,” Mr. Lake rejected her. Given how expensive the medical fees were, anyone who could be warded in their hospital was likely someone he couldn’t afford to mess with.
“Mr. Lake, don’t turn me down hastily. All you need to do is to arrange for a new guy to join the operation and overdose her with anesthetics. If something goes wrong, you can easily shift the blame,” Lyna explained with a smile, not offended by him at all. 
“This is not about whether something goes wrong or not. All of our doctors are proud to uphold the principles of medical ethics. Therefore, I still don’t think this is a good idea.” Mr. Lake wasn’t a fool. It’s easy for you to say. If something happened, you’re not the one to suffer the consequences. 
“In that case, just plant someone you can trust within the operation and let me know where he is before that. You can ignore what happens after that. I’m sure that’s more acceptable to you?” Lyna presented an alternative calmly. 
“Erm…” Mr. Lake hesitated. After all, he had taken her money for lying to Leo that there were no more rooms.
###Chapter 1121
Chapter 1121 
Lyna smiled as she took out a card from her bag. Placing it on the table, she slid it across to him. “Mr. Lake, can’t you help me with something so trivial on the account of our relationship? This is one million for your trouble.” 
Lowering his gaze, Mr. Lake’s eyes lit up. However, he maintained the conflicted expression he had. “Ms. Blackwood, since you put it that way, it would be rude of me to come up with further excuses. Therefore, I’ll see what I can do.” 
“In that case, I owe you my thanks, Mr. Lake.” Lyna couldn’t help but give him a condescending look. Hmph! All he wants is money. 
“May I know which operation are you talking about? I’ll make the arrangements when I return,” Mr. Lake asked. After taking Lyna’s money, it was time for him to get to work. But given his position, it wasn’t going to be difficult for him to plant someone in the operating theatre. 
“Oh, it’s a bone marrow transplant operation for a leukemia patient. I think it is scheduled for tomorrow.” Lyna didn’t dare say it was her own brother as she was afraid he might use the information to blackmail her. 
“Alright, I’ll make the necessary arrangements.” Just as he spoke, Mr. Lake quickly put the card into his pocket swiftly just like how he had done it so many times. It was obvious that he was used to accepting bribes all the time. 
“Thank you for coming Mr. Lake. Please see yourself out.” 
With a click of the door, Mr. Lake left the private room. Filled with malice, Lyna took out a recording pen and mumbled to herself in glee, “Hah, don’t think that one million doesn’t come with a price. When
something happens then, you will have to take the blame.” 
After that, Lyna called someone else. She got straight to the point the moment the call connected. “I’ll send you my location so come see me now. We have some lucrative business to discuss.” 
“Haha, Winson, I don’t think anyone can save you now. Don’t for a second think that you have a chance to survive just because Hannah has stepped up to help you. This is just a joke! Now, both of you will see each other in the underworld. But look on the bright side, at least you have each other for company. Hahaha!” 
Lyna diabolical laugh was enough to cause one’s hair to stand on end. It was unbelievable that such an insidious laughter came out from one so pretty. 
While Lyna was plotting at her end, Fabian was discussing with Dan the safety measures of the operation. 
“You have to make sure whoever enters the operating theatre is not compromised,” Fabian asserted. 
“Don’t worry, I’ll get the supervisors to send one person each so that they can keep an eye on each other. There definitely won’t be any problems,” Dan York, the director of Mercy Hospital, who was sitting opposite him replied. 
“Mmm-hmm. You have to be meticulous in the arrangements. There can be no mistakes,” Fabian reminded. 
Nodding, Dan asked, “Aren’t you making a storm out of a teacup? Nothing is going to go wrong with this operation.” 
“One can never be too careful,” Fabian replied, shaking his head.
The operation itself was extremely important to Fabian. Furthermore, his men had found out that someone from the Blackwood family had prevented Winson from going to Mercy Hospital for treatment. Therefore, he had to take extra precautions to ensure Hannah’s safety. 
Looking as if he had something to say, Dan wondered who it was that Fabian was being wary of. Someone from the Blackwood family? However, the patient in question is Leo Blackwood’s son. Why would they harm him? Hence, Dan felt that Fabian was being paranoid after spending too much time in the business world. 
Meanwhile, Lyna had met the person she had wanted to. 
“One million to buy your silence.” Lyna took out a card and slammed it on the table. 
In a short time, Lyna had spent two million and agonized over it. However, the thought that two million would buy her most of the Blackwood family’s assets and also remove the obstacle to her marriage to Fabian, made her feel that it was worth it. 
“Deal,” he agreed while picking the card up from the table despite not understanding what she meant by his silence.
###Chapter 1122
Chapter 1122 
“Good. I like dealing with people who are as motivated as you are. Tomorrow, I’ll arrange for him to enter the operating theatre. Furthermore, I want him to inject both persons undergoing the operation with this amount of anaesthetic,” Lyna plainly remarked as she took out two small bottles and placed them on the table. 
The person sitting opposite her squinted his eyes as he stared at the two bottles of anaesthetic, which obviously were enough to kill two people. Nevertheless, he had always been living dangerously above the law and wasn’t a stranger to the business of killing and stealing. 
“I’ll send you the time and location tonight. When the time comes, just get your man to contact me.” Lyna continued, “Alright, that’s all I have and you can go now. On your way out, keep a low profile so that no one knows that we have met.” 
The man nodded as he left with the two bottles Lyna gave him. 
Picking up the teacup from the table and taking a sip, Lyna mumbled, “Winson, don’t blame me for being cruel. You should blame your own bad luck to have been born in the wrong place. As for you, Hannah, this is your own fault for appearing at the wrong time. So don’t think badly of me for doing this.” 
Meanwhile, Hannah arrived home to the delicious aroma of bone broth. The maid had prepared it on Fabian’s instructions. 
I have never expected Fabian to be so attentive. From the smell alone, I can tell that soup is definitely delicious.
When she entered the kitchen, she was shocked to see a giant pot filled with bone broth. It goes without saying that Fabian isn’t going to drink this oily soup. Does that mean that I will have to finish it by myself? Isn’t that going to kill me? 
Suddenly, when Hannah recalled herself puking from drinking too much chicken soup, she had the urge to cry for help. 
Before she knew it, the maid brought over a huge bowl of bone broth and placed it in front of her. “Madam, the soup is ready. You should drink it while it’s hot.” 
Letting out a long sigh, Hannah looked as if she was faced with death as she received the bowl from the maid. “Amelia, you should have some too.” 
Hannah sighed to herself and wondered how long she needed to finish such a huge bowl of soup. As Fabian had not returned home, she enlisted Amelia’s help to finish some for her. 
“I don’t think so. Mr. Norton told me that you are going for an operation and therefore need to drink it to keep you strong. Since I’m not the one going for it, there’s no need for me to drink. Hence, it’s better I save them for you.” 
Amelia’s eyes were filled with concern. After all, she had worked in the Norton household for more than a year now and Hannah had always treated her well. She would always consider Amelia’s interests from all aspects. Even when Hannah went on holiday, she would also get a souvenir for Amelia. When she went grocery shopping and bumped into other maids working in the neighborhood, she would always hear them complaining about their employers. 
Just a few days ago, something came up and she needed to return to her hometown. After informing Hannah, she bought her a high-speed rail ticket home and gave her the week off. Cognizant that it was rare to find an employer like Hannah, she consequently treated Hannah as if she was her own daughter.
“Amelia, don’t say that. Please help yourself to some. There’s no way I can finish all of it alone. Besides, I don’t really have much appetite now. Go fill a bowl for yourself and drink with me.” Hannah agonized over Amelia’s earnest response. Please don’t think that way, I still need you to help share my burden. 
“Alright then.” 
Under Hannah’s encouragement, Amelia finished three bowls and so did Hannah. Only when she saw Hannah not able to drink anymore did she give it a rest. “Why don’t you take a break. I’ll heat up more for you a short while later.” 
Hannah almost burst into tears. I really can’t drink anymore. Why does this always happen every time I go to the hospital? The first time was chicken soup and now bone broth? What will be next? Bone broth mixed with chicken soup? 
Crack! The room door opened. Before Hannah could even turn to see who it was, she heard Amelia. “Mr. Norton is home.” 
Fabian walked straight into the kitchen and saw that half the pot of bone broth had been finished. Consequently, he gave Hannah a satisfied look and felt that she had learned her lesson from the last time. Hannah then wondered how Fabian would react if he found out that she had gotten Amelia to finish half of it for her.
###Chapter 1123
Chapter 1123 
When she saw Fabian take a bowl out from the cupboard, she was suddenly filled with dread. Is he going to get me to drink another bowl of broth? Didn’t he see that half the pot had been finished? 
Just as expected, Fabian filled up the bowl and placed it on the coffee table in front of Hannah. 
“Drink it while it’s still hot.” 
“Come on. I have just finished half a pot, and yet you still expect me to drink more? Do you think I’m a pig?” Hannah protested after glancing at the washbasin and verifying it was empty. Therefore, she was sure Fabian wasn’t aware that Amelia had shared half the pot with her. 
“Drink up,” Fabian asserted in a dominant manner. 
“I…” Just when Hannah was about to protest further, her eyes met with Fabian’s stern gaze. Gaping, whatever she had to say just wouldn’t come out. 
Lifting the bowl up helplessly, she stared at the broth and grumbled in her heart. Why must he keep forcing me to drink? Doesn’t he know that drinking too much will cause me to throw up? Hmph! I should have poured it all away before you came home. Let’s see how you can force me to drink then. 
Bracing herself, she gulped down the bowl of broth and burped at the end of it. “I’m done.” 
When Fabian picked up her bowl and headed into the kitchen again, Hannah’s heart skipped a beat. What is he doing? Don’t tell me he is going to refill it? Damn it, is he trying to kill me? If he brings me another bowl, I will commit suicide! 
The next moment, Hannah heaved a sigh of relief, as if a heavy burden had been lifted off her chest. Fabian had put the bowl into the washing basin and came back.
“There is something which you deserve to know.” After giving it some thought, Fabian decided to tell Hannah the truth. 
“Hmm? What happened?” Hannah straightened her posture and asked when she saw how serious Fabian looked. 
“It is about how you were abandoned when you were a child,” Fabian caught his breath and uttered. 
“Actually, I already know. I didn’t lose my way and they were the ones who abandoned me. Don’t worry, I’m not that weak emotionally,” Hannah remarked without any emotion as if she was talking about someone else. 
Fabian continued, “That isn’t what I was going to talk about.” 
“Not that? What else can there be?” Hannah was curious as to what else could be worse. 
“I’m sure you’re aware that your dad’s current wife isn’t your biological mom. She used to be your dad’s mistress before marrying him.” 
Hannah was outraged by what she heard. Turning her head away, she scoffed, “He isn’t my dad. I don’t have such a heartless dad.” 
“Let me finish.” Fabian paused before adding, “Actually, Felicia was the one who plotted your dad’s divorce with your mom. You were also kidnapped by her and abandoned. As for your mom, she fell into a depression because of that. Even after giving birth to your brother, her condition didn’t improve and she chose to end her life in the end.” 
“What? Is what you say true?” Hannah questioned as she sprang to her feet emotionally. 
“Calm down and let me finish.”
Furrowing his eyebrows, Fabian continued, “In the end, Leo still had a conscience. He donated ten percent of the company’s assets to charity in your mother’s name. Furthermore, he is telling the truth. Ever since you were lost, he had sent men to search for you and has never stopped doing so. Although he didn’t try very hard, he still did what he should.” 
Fabian added, “When your brother fell sick, I was curious as to why didn’t he send Winson to Mercy Hospital. After all, they had the best equipment and doctors in the city. After sending men to investigate, I found out that the Blackwood family had interfered but I didn’t know who. My guess is that they are trying to kill your brother so that they can inherit his portion of the family assets.” 
He was searching for me all this time? And never stopped in decades? Does it mean that I have misunderstood him?
###Chapter 1124
Chapter 1124 
“Felicia! It must be Felicia! She abandoned me and forced my mom to commit suicide. She must have done all that for the sake of Leo’s assets. Therefore, she has to be the one trying to harm my brother,” Hannah ranted in frustration. 
She felt that Felicia was insidious to have done all that for the sake of money. Furthermore, she was sure Felicia had something to do with her mom’s death. Moreover, if Hannah hadn’t been found by her adopted parents, she would likely have been dead too. You really are vicious for trying to take two lives because of your greed. 
“That’s not necessarily the case. I have investigated Leo’s company too. Although he has the largest share in the company, it is still less than fifty percent. If your brother dies, leaving Leo without a male heir, the board of directors will propose to confiscate part of your dad’s shares. Therefore, there may be others out to harm your brother.” 
Compared to Hannah, Fabian was a lot calmer when he analyzed the situation to her. 
Hannah agreed with Fabian’s assessment. Given how valuable the shares were, it was hard to believe that the Blackwood family wasn’t interested in it. 
“In that case, who do you think wants to harm my brother?” Hannah asked Fabian curiously. 
“I don’t have an answer to that yet. But what I’m sure that person is someone from the Blackwood family,” Fabian asserted with conviction. 
“Why? Can’t it be one of Leo’s commercial enemies? If my brother dies, a big portion of Leo’s assets will be taken away. Isn’t that what they want?” Hannah asked again.
“You are overthinking it. In the business world, this is considered taboo. Once someone finds out about it, no one would want to work with them anymore,” Fabian explained. 
“Hmm? Don’t you do the same with your enemies all the time? Why can’t others do it?” 
“Although my methods are harsh, how can you even mention them in the same breath as schemes hatched in the shadows?” Fabian was upset at Hannah’s question as it implied that he was no different from them. 
“Oh, don’t be angry. I’m only asking because I don’t understand,” Hannah quickly pacified him when she saw his expression drastically change. 
“What I’m worried about now is your operation tomorrow. I’m afraid they might continue their attempts to sabotage. However, I’ve already taken measures to guard against them. Therefore, we shouldn’t face any problems,” Fabian promptly explained. 
“Mmm-hmm. I’m not afraid of them. Isn’t it just as you said? No matter what happens, I still have you.” Just as she spoke, Hannah moved over and pushed Fabian downwards. 
As Fabian was spacing out thinking about the operation tomorrow, he was caught off guard and fell towards the sofa with Hannah on top of him. Hannah quickly sprang up and shook her head before murmuring with a smile, “Hmm, looks like even you are not dependable given how easily you have fallen.” 
With his interest suddenly aroused, Fabian broke into a smile as he reached out to her. 
Grabbing onto her, he gave Hannah a tug and pulled her into his embrace. 
His other hand felt her butt and gave it a squeeze.
Panicking at his advances, Hannah struggled for her dear life but wasn’t able to herself from his strong grasp. She yelled aloud, “Fabian, let go of me! What are you doing?” 
Hannah instantly regretted her actions. All she wanted to do was to cheer him up because she had angered him. Instead, her attempts at teasing him had landed her in the lion’s den. 
“What am I doing? Didn’t you say that I’m unreliable because I fall too easily? Now, I’m going to prove myself by letting you have a taste of my rock-solid manhood!” Fabian smiled in a cheeky manner, sending a chill down Hannah’s spine. 
I am done for this time. Why did I start this joke with him in the first place? 
Hannah pleaded, “Fabian, I surrender, so please let me go. I still need to go for the operation tomorrow.” 
Fabian was obviously aware of that and he was just teasing Hannah on purpose. Nevertheless, his hand never stopped caressing anywhere it wanted. At the same time, his lips had met her neck, varying the intensity of his kisses as he moved around.
###Chapter 1125
Chapter 1125 
“Fabian! Stop, stop at once!” Hannah protested. At the rate he was going, she would definitely be ravaged by him. 
Fabian looked up and stared intently at her with a smile. “I will only stop if you beg me and say ‘Hubby, I admit my mistake. I’ll let you have your way after the transplant.’“ 
Hannah blushed in response. You gotta be kidding me! There’s no way I’m going to say something as cringy as that. 
“Hmm? Are you refusing? In that case, I’ll just continue.” When Fabian pretended to continue kissing her, she recoiled in fear. “Fine, I’ll say it.” 
“Hubby, I admit my mistake. I’ll let you have your way after the operation.” Hannah’s voice was so soft that she sounded like a buzzing mosquito. 
“Are you sure I can hear it? Of course, I’m not going to force you to shout it aloud.” Fabian squinted his eyes as he smiled mischievously. 
“Hubby, I admit my mistake. I’ll let you have your way after the operation.” After taking a deep breath, Hannah repeated it one more time in a louder voice. 
“It seems you have forgotten my request, haven’t you?” Fabian expressed his dissatisfaction. 
“Argh!” Hannah was exasperated. But given that he still held her tightly in his embrace, she had no choice but to suppress her displeasure and plead coquettishly, “Hubby, I admit my mistake. I’ll let you have your way after the operation, alright darling?”
Hannah blushed intensely right after she spoke and closed her eyes in embarrassment. She couldn’t believe she actually said something like that, especially in that tone. 
Eyes sparkling, Fabian swept her wavy long hair to the back and replied with a smile, “Remember, you said it yourself. There’s no going back on your words after the operation.” 
Hannah couldn’t help but scoff at him in silence. Despite being the president of a large conglomerate, he actually used such an unscrupulous method to bully a helpless lady like me. What sort of a man is he? 
The moment Fabian released his grip on her, Hannah sprang up from his body at once. “Sheesh, only an unreliable man will need to rely on coercion.” Just as she spoke, she hurried back into her bedroom. 
Fabian smiled helplessly to himself but he wasn’t angry at all. He was even worried that she had the impulse to confront Felicia after hearing what he said. Fortunately, his concerns were overblown. 
Back in her room, Hannah checked her phone for a while before falling soundly asleep. Given how busy she was over the last few days, it was a rare opportunity for her to take a break. Hence, she would make sure she enjoyed it thoroughly. 
By the time she woke up, it was already afternoon. Fabian was no longer at home and she didn’t know where he had gone to. 
“Madam, since you’re awake, I’ll heat up the broth for you. Mr. Norton had instructed me to serve you broth before he left.” Amelia casually remarked when she saw that Hannah was awake. 
“Damn it, Fabian, you didn’t forget to torment me before leaving!” Hannah grumbled softly to herself. 
Unable to hear her words clearly, Amelia asked, “Madam, what did you say?”
“Oh, nothing. Amelia, there’s no need to heat up the broth as I don’t feel like drinking it now. I’ll do it myself later,” Hannah remarked with a smile while clearing her throat. 
“Alright then. Anyway, I’m going out grocery shopping now. I’ll heat it up for you when I’m back,” Hannah replied. 
Less than two minutes after Amelia left, Hannah rushed into the kitchen and poured what’s left of the bone broth down the washbasin. When she was done, she felt liberated and remarked, “Let’s see how you’re going to mess with me again.” 
After looking at the time, Hannah decided to visit her brother. After all, she was worried about Winson as his life was in danger. 
With that thought in mind, she left home and hailed a cab toward the hospital. 
As Hannah stared blankly out the window, she brushed her finger lightly against the glass. Having heard Fabian’s explanation, she no longer bore a grudge toward her father. Nevertheless, she still couldn’t bring herself to address him as “Dad”. 
As for Felicia, Hannah couldn’t help but sigh. Although Felicia was full of schemes, Hannah was considered by the Blackwood family as an outsider and had no authority to interfere.
###Chapter 1126
Chapter 1126 
What’s the point of overthinking it? I should focus on keeping Winson safe and let bygones be bygones. Hannah wasn’t someone vengeful and hated spending her days scheming. Realizing that it was pointless to keep hating, she decided to look past it. 
Buzz… buzz… Suddenly, the phone she was holding rang. Checking it, she was curious to see that it was Xavier calling and wondered what he wanted. Nevertheless, she still took the call. 
“Hello?” Hannah answered softly. 
“Hello, Ms. Young, I heard your senior editor say that you weren’t feeling well and took a week off. Are you sick? Is it serious?” Xavier’s magnetic voice was heard over the phone. 
“Oh, I’m fine. It’s my brother. He has leukemia. I plan to donate my bone marrow to him,” Hannah replied truthfully. 
“I see. I thought something had happened to you. By the way, where are you now?” Xavier asked. 
Hmm? Why are you asking me that for? 
“I’m on my way to the hospital where my brother is staying. I plan to check in on him,” Hannah replied. 
“Mmm-hmm. Which hospital is he staying? I would like to visit him too.” 
What? You want to visit him? Do both of you even know each other? Why are you visiting him? Besides, I would definitely be in trouble if Fabian is at the hospital too. 
Hannah declined, “There’s no need to do so as we have found an excellent surgeon for him. Therefore, it will likely be fine. I’m just dropping by because I miss him.”
“Alright then, remember to take care of yourself.” With that, Xavier ended the call. 
Hannah heaved a sigh of relief. She was at a loss at how to deal with someone as clingy as Xavier. All he does is show is a little concern and didn’t do anything rude. However, I just can’t keep pushing him away, can I? 
Nevertheless, she had conflicting emotions in her heart. Her mind subconsciously reminded herself that she was already married to Fabian and it would be inappropriate to have any close contact with Xavier. 
As it was peak hour, traffic was heavy and she waited for a long time at every single red light. A journey that usually took ten minutes ended up taking half an hour instead. 
After paying the cab driver with a smile, Hannah alighted from the car. 
Just when she arrived at the hospital’s entrance, she saw a flashy sports car screeching to a halt right in front of her. She immediately recognized it was Xavier’s Porsche. 
Hmm? Why is he here? Don’t tell me he came to see me on purpose? 
Holding that thought, she quickened her footsteps, hoping to avoid him. 
Just when she wanted to leave, someone tapped on her shoulder suddenly, giving her a fright. 
Turning vigorously around, she was about to admonish the person when she saw that it really was Xavier. 
“Ms. Young, what a coincidence that your brother is warded in this hospital,” Xavier remarked with his signature smile. 
“That’s right. What a coincidence indeed.” Hannah smiled awkwardly and asked, “Do you have someone who is warded too?”
“Mmm-hmm, it’s a friend of mine who got into a car accident. But it isn’t serious.” 
“I see. In that case, I won’t hold you back as I’m going to see my brother,” Hannah replied. She was worried that she might bump into Fabian there as it would be difficult to explain the situation. 
“It’s fine. I’ve already visited my friend. Since you’re alone, why don’t I accompany you to see your brother?” Xavier suggested. 
Huh? Are you sure you’re telling the truth? Why do I smell a plot? Did you find out where Winson is and came here on purpose to run into me? Do you really have nothing better to do? How can it be a coincidence when you came on purpose?
###Chapter 1127
Chapter 1127 
Just when Hannah was about to reject him, a cold and domineering voice rang out. “Who says she is alone? I was just away for a moment and someone is already picking her up. It appears that my woman is very popular indeed.” 
Hannah and Xavier turned around at the same time and saw that it was Fabia who spoke. 
Hannah felt a sense of dread as she watched Fabian approach them step by step. My fears have really come true—Fabian really is at the hospital. Xavier oh Xavier, I asked you to leave but you refused. You may get away unscathed but what about me? I’ll likely be misunderstood by Fabian again. 
“There’s no need for you to extoll how charming Ms. Young is. However, did you just claim that she is yours? Why do I hear that she is still single? Can it be that you’re just boasting about your unrequited love?” Xavier ridiculed Fabian. 
Hannah was worried by the incendiary atmosphere caused by the two. Would they get into a fight? What am I going to do if they did? 
Snorting, Fabian replied casually, “Why don’t you ask her to find out?” 
Just as he spoke, Fabian looked in Hannah’s direction and so did Xavier. 
Faced with both their gazes, Hannah felt awkward as she was put on the spot. Under Fabian’s intensifying stare, she nodded promptly. 
When Fabian saw her admission, his smile widened further in triumph. He then gloated at Xavier in a provoking manner.
Xavier shrugged his shoulders and replied with a smile, “Well, who knows whether you are coercing her with your powerful influence as president. After all, you are well known for such tricks.” 
Fabian wasn’t provoked. Instead, he stepped forward and asserted, “Whether she is being coerced or not, it is not up to you to say. All that matters is that she and I know it. As to what tricks I use, they are none of your concern. You on the other hand are known to be an empty vessel. Are you in the hospital because you’re feeling under the weather?” 
“Hah, I am fine. There’s no need for you to be so concerned. I may be an empty vessel but it’s certainly better than being the heartless person that you are.” 
Sensing the situation escalating, Hannah interjected, “Fabian, I still need to visit Winson. So, let’s not waste any more time.” 
At the same time, she smiled at Xavier. “Mr. Jackson, we won’t hold you back any longer. I’ll see you again.” 
Just as she spoke, Hannah dragged Fabian away forcefully. Cognizant that Hannah was worried about Winson, he didn’t resist and followed behind her. 
After walking some distance, Hannah hung her head like a guilty child. She meekly explained, “I really didn’t expect to see him here. I just…” 
Before she could finish, Fabian put his finger on her lip and uttered softly, “There’s no need to explain. I believe you.” 
Hannah was surprised by his reaction which was out of the ordinary. This isn’t his usual style. 
Hannah nodded slightly while looking at him in disbelief. “Aren’t you angry?”
“What’s there to be angry about? It wasn’t like you were looking for him. It was that shameless prick who came uninvited. You did well just now. Rejecting him outright is the correct way to deal with someone like him. If you had hesitated instead, I might then choose to punish you. But now, there’s no need to do so,” Fabian replied in earnest. 
Hannah was relieved to hear his words. Luckily I rejected Xavier just now. But Fabian, you’re being too strict with me as there is nothing going on between Xavier and I. If I didn’t stop you in time just now, you would have gotten into a huge argument that could have escalated into a fight. 
“Alright now, let’s go quickly,” Fabian suggested when he saw Hannah spacing out. 
Both of them arrived at Winson’s ward shortly. At that moment, there wasn’t anyone else in there other than Winson lying in bed weakly.
###Chapter 1128
Chapter 1128 
“This is too much! The Blackwood family are really heartless to leave Winson here without anyone to care for him,” Hannah grumbled indignantly. 
Just as she spoke, she hurried ahead and sat by Winson’s side. Stroking his child-like cheeks, she mumbled to herself, “You have suffered a lot. I can’t imagine how you survived over the years living with such an insidious family.” 
Hannah lamented the fact that there were many members of the Blackwood family who wanted to harm Winson. In fact, they couldn’t wait for him to be taken by his disease. If not for the fact that Winson was still important to Leo, he would likely have been disposed of long ago by one of their schemes. 
Stroking Winson with her slender hands, Hannah’s eyes reddened as she looked at her feeble brother. 
“Don’t worry, you have me by your side. Winson will be alright,” Fabian reassured Hannah when he saw her eyes tearing. 
Nodding at Fabian, she continued to watch over Winson silently. 
It was a long while before Fabian finally broke the silence in the ward. “It’s getting late, so let’s go get dinner. Don’t worry, Winson will recover gradually from tomorrow onwards.” 
Hannah looked at the sleeping Winson and murmured, “Rest well, Winson. I will be transplanting my bone marrow to you tomorrow and you will be well in no time.” 
After that, Hannah called for the nurse and instructed her to help care for Winson. Feeling insecure, she took out a wad of cash and stuffed it into the nurse’s hand before leaving.
She still couldn’t believe that the first time she met her biological brother was when he was on the brink of death. Luckily, she appeared in the nick of time. Or else… 
“Don’t worry too much. He will be fine,” Fabian comforted softly, as he pulled Hannah into his embrace. 
Suddenly, Hannah burst out in tears. When she felt the warmth of his chest, she couldn’t help but bury herself deeper into his arms. 
“Mom, don’t worry. I have made the necessary arrangements. My plan is full proof and no one will ever know,” Lyna reassured Felicia in the Blackwood Residence. 
However, Felicia voiced her niggling concerns, “Fabian is someone meticulous. I’m worried this time…” 
Lyna interrupted Felicia, “Mom, you are worrying unnecessarily. There’s no way he will know that it was me.” 
Felicia let out a long sigh before commenting solemnly, “Lynnie, I have been embroiled in schemes for most of my life and am finally tired of them. Isn’t everything wonderful now? We are already living a life of luxury. What’s the point of fighting for more?” 
Lyna replied, “Alright mom. I promise you that I’ll stop after this. I just can’t stand and watch as such a valuable amount of shares fall into the hands of a clueless kid. Furthermore, if my plan succeeds, I may have the opportunity to marry Fabian. Wouldn’t our future be even brighter then?” 
Felicia shook her head and explained, “Don’t oversimplify the matter. Marrying into the Norton family may not necessarily be a good thing so don’t force yourself into it. You might even end up hurting yourself instead.” 
“Don’t worry Mom, I know what I’m doing. But, I still need your help tomorrow to delay Dad’s movements. All he wants is to pass on his assets to his son and has never considered my feelings at
all. And now, he has even brought in another competitor, Hannah, just for the sake of saving Winson. Unless we dispose of them both, our future will never be secured.” 
Felicia nodded in agreement. After that, both of them discussed their plan in detail before retiring. 
“Come, have more ribs.” Fabian piled more food onto Hannah’s plate. 
As Hannah was going for the operation tomorrow, Amelia had prepared a plethora of nutritious dishes as instructed by Fabian. 
After dinner, Fabian got Hannah to rest early. Left without a choice, Hannah walked into the bathroom and washed up before going to bed.
###Chapter 1129
Chapter 1129 
As for Fabian, he was lying on the sofa watching the evening news. It was a habit of his and the source of many of his business ideas. 
After a while, Hannah came out of the bathroom with her hair let down on her shoulders. She was wearing a conservative-looking two-piece pajamas that failed to hide her sensuous figure. Despite not having any makeup on, her skin looked flawless and glowed under the light. Her cheeks were still pinkish having just come out from the shower. 
“I’m done bathing. It’s your turn now,” Hannah informed Fabian as she dried her hair. 
With his eyes filled with desire, Fabian stood up when he heard her. What a tease she is. Despite the ordinary outfit, she still looks perfect in it. If not for her having to undergo the operation tomorrow… tonight… hehe. 
Hannah felt a little panic when she saw how Fabian was staring at her. Clearing her throat, she remarked, “I’m going to blow dry my hair.” 
With that, she scampered away like a scared rabbit. 
Collecting himself, Fabian entered the bathroom. 
By the time he came out, Hannah had her hair all bunned up. Lying on the sofa, her gaze was raised slightly at the television, letting out the occasional laugh. 
As Fabian approached her, he instructed, “Go to bed.” 
He uttered those words in an intimidating manner, leaving no room for dissent.
Why does he have to look so cold all the time? Can’t he just smile at me more often? Holding that thought, Hannah prepared to turn off the television with the remote in her hand. 
“Don’t turn it off yet as I still want to watch the news.” Fabian took the remote out of her hands. 
Hannah was jolted when she clearly felt his fingertips brush across her palm slowly. 
Just like a startled rabbit, she sprang up in panic and fled to her bedroom. 
However, Fabian didn’t notice what was different with her. Instead, he was simply puzzled by her reaction. 
As the dim moonlight shone into the room, Hannah lay in bed with her eyes closed. Unable to sleep, she tossed and turned around restlessly. How does he expect me to sleep so early? 
Just when she was grumbling to herself, she heard a crack as the bedroom door opened. Caught by surprise, she shut her eyes tightly and pretended to be asleep. 
Fabian’s footsteps were light. He crept toward the window to close the curtains before getting into bed with her. 
However, the nightlight was left on as it was Hannah’s long-standing habit to do so. 
Underneath the dim light, Fabian lightly caressed her face. With her beautiful eyebrows, flawless skin, and slightly opened cherry-shaped mouth, she looked irresistible to him. 
Lowering his head slightly, he leaned in towards her lips and kissed her. After that, he wrapped his hands around her and hugged her. 
Hannah was suddenly shaken. Can it be that he wants it? Didn’t he already promise me? Is he going back on his word?
When Fabian didn’t do anything else for a long time, Hannah finally let out a sigh of relief. Thank God. 
After that, she synchronized her breathing with Fabian and gradually fell asleep. 
Unable to sleep well with something on her mind, Hannah woke up at daybreak. She climbed out of bed after gently moving Fabian’s hand away. 
Fabian was up moments after her. When both of them finished breakfast, they headed out to the hospital. 
“Hello, Dr. Warren, I’ve sent someone to pick you up. You can come down now.” 
“Hello, Dr. York, it’s me. Right… right, I’ll be there at once.” 
Given the number of calls Fabian was making from the car, it was obvious how important the operation was to him. Hannah felt her heart warm when he listened to him making all the arrangements. 
Before long, the car arrived at the hospital entrance. The moment Fabian and Hannah got out, they were quickly surrounded and brought upstairs. 
“Fabian, I have no problems at my end. Yesterday, I contacted my student, Dr. Donald Welch, to assist me in the operation. He is someone experienced and with him around, the operation will likely go on without a hitch,” Walter explained.
###Chapter 1130
Chapter 1130 
Dan, who was beside them, gasped when he heard the name. The famous doctor, Dr. Donald Welch? Given that Fabian went to the extent of involving him, I must definitely not let anything happen to these two patients. Or else, the reputational damage to my hospital will be devastating. 
Fabian nodded and replied, “Thanks Dr. Warren, I appreciate it.” 
“Mr. Norton, everything is ready at my end. Each supervisor has sent one of their own men for the operation. Therefore, the patient’s safety is assured,” Dan reported. 
Among the group, there was a man dressed in black while wearing a facemask. Other than Fabian, no one else knew his identity. 
The mysterious man leaned in and whispered into Fabian’s ear, “Last night, I received news that a doctor accepted a deal in the black market. The employer was very generous and offered a million. Fur… furthermore the target consists of two persons. My guess is that they are aiming for this operation.” 
Furrowing his eyebrows, Fabian’s eyes were filled with murderous intent. He answered coldly, “Alright, I understand. You can go now.” 
With that, Fabian led the entourage into the hospital. 
Meanwhile, Lyna received a message from Mr. Lake when she heard a notification alert. After reading it, an insidious smile emerged on her face. “Haha, it’s time both of you meet your maker.” 
Just as she spoke, she took out another phone and forwarded the message after editing it. After that, she took out her SIM card and broke it in half.
Fabian, aren’t you supposed to be someone meticulous? Even if you find out about the plot, you will never trace it back to me. 
“Where will they strike from? The machines? The staff? Or the drugs?” Fabian mumbled to himself as he tried desperately to analyze the situation. By then, Hannah and Winson had been brought into the operating theatre. 
After being alerted by Fabian, Walter and his student checked all the equipment in detail the moment they stepped in. At the same time, they kept an eye on the expressions and movements of the other staff, hoping to find a clue as to who the saboteur was. 
“Dr. Warren, I’ve checked this and they are fine,” Donald reported to Walter softly. 
“Mmm-hmm, I understand.” After that, Walter declared aloud, “Everyone, please get ready. We are about to start the operation.” 
While the other doctors who came to assist were disinfecting their hands, Walter was observing them discreetly. His sharp eyes suddenly caught something suspicious. The anesthesiologist seemed to be inexplicably nervous. His hands were trembling while he was disinfecting them, arousing Walter’s suspicions. Can he be the saboteur? 
However, other than the slight tremble, there doesn’t seem to be anything suspicious about him. Am I being too sensitive? It’s common for doctors who are less experienced to feel nervous anyway. 
But wait, Fabian has been closely involved in this operation, including requesting me to do it. Therefore, there’s no way he would recruit an inexperienced doctor for this. That man is without a doubt the saboteur. 
Despite being certain of it, Walter didn’t expose the anesthesiologist yet. He planned to observe the man’s actions further.
“We’re starting now. Inject the patients with the anesthetics,” Walter ordered the man. 
The man’s actions were routine and had visibly done it a lot of times. Right before he injected it, Walter called out, “Wait, Donald, please make sure the anesthetics are in order.” 
The moment Walter spoke, the anesthesiologist fled hysterically out of the room. 
As expected, he is the saboteur. 
Walter couldn’t help but heave a sigh of relief. “Ignore him, let’s continue. Donald, refill the anesthetics and I will inject them myself.” 
While waiting at the door, Fabian saw a doctor in a white coat dash out of the operating theatre. He instantly understood what was going on. 
“Seize him!” Fabian barked as he sprang to action, followed by his men around him. 
In a blink of an eye, Fabian grabbed onto him. When the man turned around to resist, Fabian threw a punch right in his face. At the same time, the rest of Fabian’s men pinned him against the wall.
###Chapter 1131
Chapter 1131 
As Fabian gradually straightened his sleeves, he sneered, “Take him away.” 
He let out a sigh of relief after capturing the man. At least, he no longer needed to worry about Hannah and Winson’s safety. 
After waiting for a few more minutes at the entrance of the operating theatre, he went to see the saboteur. 
In the hospital’s basement, the saboteur was bound tightly to a chair with a group of men surrounding him on all sides. The mysterious man who informed Fabian of the plot was also present. As the door was gently pushed open, everyone stepped aside to make way for Fabian. 
Fabian looked at the mysterious man and asked, “Do you recognize him?” 
The man shook his head. “The black market has its rules. The different factions will never expose the identities of their men.” 
Fabian shot the mysterious man a glance before reminding him, “Remember to keep him alive.” 
Just as he spoke, Fabian sat down on a chair behind him. 
“Speak! Which faction do you belong to?” The mysterious smashed his leg into the saboteur’s stomach, causing him to spew a mouthful of blood. 
“Still holding out I see. I’m sure you know how things work in the black market, so don’t force me,” the mysterious man threatened with a cold expression and glistening eyes.
“Fine, bring me a blade and a black cloth.” A devilish grin appeared on the mysterious man’s face. “I’ll let you experience something new.” 
A burly man passed him a blade while another man covered the saboteur’s eyes with the black cloth. 
The mysterious man made a cut on the fingertip of the saboteur, which allowed fresh blood to drip onto the ground with a constant rhythm. 
“Listen to the beautiful music it is making,” the mysterious man remarked with a smile. 
“If he still refuses to speak, hand him over to the police once he’s dead,” Fabian snapped, shaking his head. 
He obviously recognized what the method was. It was used during the second world war for interrogation purposes. Anyone who resisted would slowly bleed to a horrible death. 
After leaving the basement, Fabian returned to the operating theatre to wait for the operation to be completed. 
After a long time, Walter finally emerged. Removing his mask, he reported with a smile, “The operation is a resounding success. All the leukemia patient needs now is rest and he will be able to fully recover.” 
Fabian was relieved to hear the news as he was worried that the operation would not be successful since there was a ten percent chance of it occurring. 
“Dr. Warren, I cannot thank you enough. To be honest, that woman is someone I plan to marry. If anything were to happen to her, I would simply be lost.” 
After much consideration, Fabian decided to tell Walter the truth. After all, he had put a lot of effort into it and hence Fabian felt he owed Walter an explanation. Besides, at the rate they were going, the
wedding would happen sooner or later. Hence, it was just a matter of giving Walter advance notice. 
“Oh, I see. And yet I was wondering why you were so concerned. Anyway, the lady seems to be a wonderful person. So, don’t forget to invite me to your wedding,” Walter replied with a smile when he finally understood why. 
“I definitely will,” Fabian promised in delight. 
“By the way, did you manage to get that guy? He was a slippery one. But I was lucky to have noticed his actions early enough. Or else, the consequences would definitely be dire,” Walter asked when he suddenly remembered about the anesthesiologist. 
“We managed to catch him and are interrogating him now. Obviously, we are in your debt for what you have done. After Hannah recovers, I will definitely visit you with her to give our thanks.” 
When a plot had been uncovered, there would definitely be winners and losers. 
In the living hall of the Blackwood Residence, Lyna’s expression changed drastically when she received the news. “What? What did you say? He was caught? Did he manage to do it? Good! I understand. Don’t contact me over the next few days. I’ll call you if there’s anything.”
###Chapter 1132
Chapter 1132 
Felicia who was sitting beside her asked anxiously, “Lynnie, will he expose you? Why don’t you take some money and lay low for the time being? If Fabian finds out it was you, he will never stop until he gets you.” 
Lyna was equally nervous as she massaged her temple. “Mom, don’t worry. Although the plan has failed, no one will know it was me.” 
Looking up at the ceiling, Lyna scowled, “Hannah, consider yourself lucky this time because you will not escape next.” 
Inside the VIP ward, Hannah was lying in bed with her lips looking pale while Fabian was sitting beside the bed watching over her. 
On the other side of the ward, Winson was also lying in bed. Beside him, Leo couldn’t hide his delight as he remarked, “It’s all thanks to Hannah. If not for her, Winson might not even be alive.” 
Standing next to him, Lyna commented with an awkward expression, “That’s right. It’s all thanks to Hannah’s kindness.” 
At that moment, her heart was filled with hatred for Hannah. Now that Winson was saved by Hannah’s bone marrow donation, Lyna would no longer inherit Winson’s share of the family wealth. Furthermore, her own portion might have to be shared with Hannah, causing her animosity to intensify. 
Fabian snorted in his heart. Do you think everyone is as heartless as you are? Everyone knows about the scandal of how you left your wife and abandoned your daughter. But, no one expected Hannah to be that daughter of yours. However, all you care about is your son while you show no concern for your daughter who was the one who saved him.
I really don’t understand how someone like you can still be so successful. 
When Fabian thought about the anesthesiologist who was bribed, he was certain that a member of the Blackwood family was behind it. 
Standing up and leaving the ward, Fabian called the mysterious man. “Hello, how is it going? Did you manage to get anything out of him?” 
The man agonized as he replied, “I have tried everything, including dripping blood on the floor for three hours. His face had lost all color from being terrified but he still kept mum. I stopped when I was worried he would die of shock. After that, I tried many other ways but he just refused to talk.” 
Furrowing his eyebrows, Fabian didn’t expect the man to be so stubborn. He knew how cruel the mysterious man’s methods could be as he had done years of work for the Norton family. He could always make anyone within his grasp talk no matter how stubborn they were in the beginning. But this time… 
“Mr. Norton, I believe he must be a fanatic of one of the prominent families. Therefore…” the mysterious man explained. 
“Enough, since we can’t get anything out of him, let’s just hand him over to the police.” Fabian rubbed his temples as he ended the call. 
A trained fanatic of one of the prominent families? Is the Blackwood family that powerful? 
Fabian struggled with the idea. As he returned to the ward and was about to open the door, he heard Leo exclaim emotionally, “Hannah! You’re finally awake. I was so worried about you that I have been staying by both you and Winson’s side.”
That damn old fox is really good at acting. Are you trying to make Hannah feel grateful so that she thanks you? 
Hannah asked in a weak voice, “How was it? Is the operation a success?” 
Entering the ward, Fabian cleared his throat and replied, “It was a resounding success.” 
He pointed at Winson’s bed as he spoke. 
Leo laughed wryly and added, “That’s right. The operation went well and the doctor said that Winson would recover very quickly.” With that, Leo stepped aside so that he didn’t block Hannah’s view of Winson. 
Hannah smiled in relief when she saw Winson lying on the bed. The only reason she acknowledged Leo was simply for Winson’s sake. If not for him, she would never involve herself in that filthy family of theirs. Now that she knew her brother would be fine, a great burden was finally lifted off her chest.
###Chapter 1133
Chapter 1133 
At that moment, a stern middle-aged man walked into the VIP ward. He was wearing a pair of golden- rimmed glasses while his brown-black hair made him look exceptionally energetic. That man was Walter. 
When Fabian saw him, he greeted him with a smile. “Dr. Warren, you’re here.” 
Meanwhile, Lyna’s eyes flashed with hatred for a fleeting moment. 
So, you are the old fool who foiled my plans. You should have stayed in the capital and not meddle in my business. 
Lyna hated him for exposing the anesthesiologist. If not for the potential trouble, she would have exacted her revenge on him. 
“I’m sure everything is alright?” Walter asked while beaming. 
“Nothing at the moment. However, I’m worried if there will be any side effects. Why don’t you take a look?” Gillian interjected before Fabian could say a word. 
Gillian cared a lot for Hannah. Although Hannah now knew that she wasn’t her biological mom, both of them still spent a long time with each other. 
“Don’t worry, based on her condition, I believe she will be fully recovered in a week. There won’t be any side effects,” Walter replied as he looked at Hannah. 
“Mmm-hmm. In that case, thank you very much, doctor.” Just as she spoke, she shot a glance at Hendrick who was standing right beside her.
Hendrick quickly regained his senses and smiled broadly. “Doctor, thank you for everything you have done. This is a small token of our appreciation. I hope you will accept it.” 
Just as he spoke, Hendrick brought out an envelope from his pocket. Stepping forward, he stuffed it into Walter’s hands. 
Walter didn’t know how to react to what Hannah’s adopted parents did. He shook his head and rejected them, “Haha, the Norton family and I are old friends. This is nothing but a small favor, so don’t think too much of it.” 
Hendrick and Gillian looked visibly awkward after being rejected by Walter. Exchanging glances, they held onto the envelope and didn’t know what to do. 
The Young family weren’t well off. Hence, they would usually self-medicate for any minor sickness or visit lower-end hospitals for anything major. After they had heard about the practice of doctors accepting monetary gifts, they decided to give one to Walter. Little did they expect Walter to refuse them and wondered if it was because major hospitals had no such practice. 
As Lyna stared at both of them with her arms folded, she didn’t bother to hide the contempt on her face. As expected, they are just country bumpkins. Nowadays, who gives monetary gifts anymore? It’s extremely old-fashioned. Furthermore, no one gives it after the operation. If not for Fabian, your daughter would have died the moment she stepped into the operating theatre. I wouldn’t even have to do anything then. 
“Mrs. Young, Dr. Warren is a friend. You’re making him feel like a stranger by doing that.” Fabian quickly came to their rescue when he saw the Youngs in a spot. 
When Gillian saw that Fabian was all smiles, she beamed with pride. “Hannah is really lucky to have a boyfriend like you.”
Hannah’s heart sank when she heard her secret revealed. With so many people in the room, the news would definitely spread like wildfire. She surmised that she would no longer have time for anything else as she would have her hands full from dealing with all the ladies who wanted to marry Fabian. 
“Mom, that’s nonsense. He is not. How is it possible that he likes me?” Hannah was still weak but tried her best to protest. She didn’t want to become famous and preferred to keep her relationship discreet. 
When she heard what Hannah said, Lyna’s frown eased. As I have said, there’s no way Fabian would be interested in a lowly lady like you. It now seems that it’s all one-sided on your part. Your mom has a good plan, but does she really think it’s enough to make you Fabian’s partner? Stop dreaming. 
Gillian was suddenly confused. Didn’t he just admit yesterday that he was your boyfriend? Did both of you break up today? That doesn’t make sense. If you did, why would he be so concerned for you? 
“Yesterday, didn’t you…”
###Chapter 1134
Chapter 1134 
Before Gillian could finish, Hannah interrupted her, “Alright now, Mom. Isn’t Helen coming back today? It’s time both you and Dad go pick her up. Or else, you will be late.” 
Only then did Gillian stopped pursuing the topic. After bidding everyone goodbye, she then left with Hendrick. 
“This is Dr. Warren who has traveled from the capital just for your operation. The operation’s success is largely due to his efforts,” Fabian finally introduced Walter to Hannah after the earlier interruption. 
Hannah tried to sit up by exerting some strength. However, with barely enough to move, she could only manage to utter softly, “Dr. Warren, I can’t thank you enough.” 
Walter replied with a smile, “It’s nothing. Anyway, your body is still weak now. Therefore, you have to keep feeding yourself nutritious food. Even if you can walk after two days, remember not to strain yourself physically yet…” 
After giving out his instructions, Walter checked his watch and said, “It’s about time for me to go as there’s an operation back at the capital that needs me. The next time we see each other, we shall have a meal together.” 
“Sure, we will definitely do that. I’ll walk you out, Dr. Warren.” Fabian and Walter then left together. 
“I noticed that she has inherited your mom’s bracelet. So, you better seize the opportunity while you can,” Walter reminded in earnest. His eyes were so sharp that he could recognize the bracelet. 
“Don’t worry, the next time we invite you over will be for our wedding,” Fabian replied with a smile.
After Fabian left the ward, Hannah was left with the Blackwood family. She wasn’t keen on talking to Leo, let alone Felicia. There was no way she could forgive Felicia for abandoning her. The only reason Fabian didn’t send Felicia to jail was that Hannah didn’t want to damage Leo’s reputation. 
Therefore, Hannah shook her head and closed her eyes to rest. She simply ignored the small talk that Leo was trying to make. 
Suddenly, Leo’s voice sounded anxious after he received a call. 
“Erm, Hannah, there’s something that I have to deal with personally. Hence, you should stay here and rest. If you need anything, just call for the nurse outside. I’ll be taking my leave first,” Leo said to her after ending his call. 
Just go. This isn’t the first time you showed no concern for me. Despite having heard what Fabian said, she was still biased against Leo. How hard can it be for a company president to search for someone? If it was really that difficult, how could he have suddenly found me two days after Winson got sick? 
When Leo saw that Hannah continued to ignore him, he shook his head and hurriedly left. When he was about to walk out the door, he stopped and reminded, “Erm, once your mom leaves, I hope that you can help look after your brother. Call me if there’s anything.” 
With that, he left without even turning to look back. 
The moment Leo stepped out, Lyna took out a makeup kit and checked her face carefully. After that, she pursed her lips which had freshly applied lipstick and looked in Felicia’s direction. “Mom, I think this color doesn’t look good on me. Let’s go and buy some cosmetics. Coincidentally, I heard there’s this shop that sells the latest range.”
Felicia nodded casually as she glanced at Hannah, thinking about something. After that, she left with Lyna hand in hand. 
Crack. The moment the door closed, Hannah opened her eyes. Only both of them were left in the empty room. Feeling lonely, she turned and looked at Winson wryly. 
I really don’t know how Winson survived so many years living together with them. Lyna and Felicia don’t care about him at all. Even at this moment, they still had the mood to shop for cosmetics. I’m sure it’s worse in normal times. It wasn’t easy for her to be reunited with her biological father again. Despite her attitude, he still mattered to her. Unfortunately, all Leo cared about was his company.
###Chapter 1135
Chapter 1135 
I was already pitiful enough to have been abandoned. But at least I was lucky to have met my adopted parents. Even when I had the flu, they would stay by my side, worried that something would happen to me. I even got to experience what fatherly and motherly love is. But you… 
When the room door opened again, it was Fabian who returned after walking Walter out. Raising her head, Hannah asked, “Why are you back? Don’t you have work to do?” 
“I’ve postponed them,” Fabian answered plainly. 
Despite the short answer, the burning affection she felt from it was enough to warm her frosty heart. 
Despite the warmth she felt, she still insisted, “You should go back to your work. I’m fine alone. If I need anything, I’ll call for the nurse. So, don’t worry.” 
Fabian walked toward Hannah’s bed and pulled up a chair beside her. Holding her hand between his palms, he let out a breath and softly declared, “I’ll be staying by your side.” 
Fabian’s gentle words melted her heart, causing her to feel as if she was on cloud nine. 
However, the moment she recalled Leo leaving hurriedly after receiving a call, she couldn’t help but feel indignant for Winson’s sake. 
Isn’t Fabian’s company bigger than yours? Doesn’t he have more work than you do? You’re such a heartless man for not caring about Winson. 
“What’s wrong? Are you feeling shy?” Fabian asked plainly as he let out a rare but pleasing smile.
You look really good when you smile. Wouldn’t it be great if I could see that every day? Since you do know how to smile, why do you put on that stern face all the time? I know I owe you a lot. But, am I not trying my best to make more money? 
Holding that thought, Hannah murmured, “I wonder who paid for the operation. If it was Fabian, it means that my debt had ballooned further. I don’t even know how long it will take me to pay it all off.” 
Fabian asked curiously, “What did you say?” 
Hannah quickly replied, “Erm… it’s nothing.” 
Fabian didn’t pursue the matter. All he did was stroke her hand repeatedly to comfort her. 
As if something suddenly occurred to her, Hannah asked, “Didn’t you say that someone in the Blackwood family wanted to harm us? Did they do anything during the operation?” 
Hannah looked at Fabian quizzically as she wanted to know who it was that intended to harm Winson. If they attempt anything, she figured Fabian would definitely be able to get to the bottom of it. 
Fabian’s hand that was stroking her froze momentarily. Taking a deep breath, he nodded in response. 
“Did you find out who it was?” Hannah sounded anxious as she assumed Fabian already had the answer. She figured that once they discover who it was, Winson’s safety would be secured. Even if there was no evidence to arrest them, they could at least be more vigilant and not be in the reactive position they were currently in. 
Tightening his grip on Hannah’s hand, Fabian’s gaze glistened with an icy glow. “I have yet to find out who it was.”
Hesitating for a moment, he added, “They sent a fanatic who masqueraded himself as an anesthesiologist to infiltrate the operating theatre. If I hadn’t warned Dr. Warren about it, I’m afraid you might not have survived.” 
Furrowing her eyebrows, Hannah asked in disbelief, “Are you saying that he managed to enter the operating theatre? How is that possible? Your security measures were so tight that he shouldn’t have the opportunity to sneak in.” 
Fabian had the same question in his mind initially. After making detailed investigations, he finally had a conclusion. “That fanatic knocked out the original anesthesiologist in the men’s room. After that, he took over his identity and entered the operating theatre. Furthermore, it was after we had done our checks.” 
“After your checks? Doesn’t it mean that he knew the anesthesiologist was going to use the men’s room?” Hannah racked her brains before concluding, “I suspect they have someone on the inside. Or else, how would they know when the anesthesiologist would be there? In other words, the anesthesiologist must be involved in the plot.”
###Chapter 1136
Chapter 1136 
Shaking his head, Fabian replied helplessly, “I thought of that too and have sent men to investigate. Unfortunately, nothing came up. The anesthesiologist just has a habit of going to the men’s room before an operation and has been doing so for years. Therefore, there may not be a mole as it’s not difficult to find out about one’s longstanding habits.” 
Having heard what Fabian said, Hannah no longer had any leads. Hence, she couldn’t help but ask, “Who can it be then?” 
“There’s no need to be overly worried. As I have foiled their plans, I’m sure they will lie low going forward.” 
After hesitating a moment, Fabian lowered his voice and whispered, “With regards to the fanatic, only a prominent family is able to have trained them. The Blackwood family has only been doing well in recent years, therefore there’s no way he was under their employ. In that case, the fanatic can only come from one other place, the black market. Consequently, I have sent men to infiltrate it to investigate. Hence, all we need to do is wait as it’s just a matter of time before we find out.” 
“The black market? Why can’t it be a fanatic from other families?” Hannah asked again. 
“A fanatic from a prominent family would not work for the Blackwood family for no reason. Furthermore, they can easily find out that I’m involved in this matter. Given that I’m your man, they would likely stay away on my account,” Fabian commented cheekily despite the worried look he had. 
“Sheesh!” Hannah couldn’t help but roll her eyes at him. After that, she glanced in Winson’s direction. When she saw the grimacing expression on his face, she couldn’t help but feel worried.
Since an attempt had been made on their lives, Hannah believed that a second and third incident was just a matter of time. What is Winson going to do if I’m not by his side? If something happened to him, how am I going to face my mom? 
But this isn’t the first time he was harmed. So how did he survive all this while? 
Fabian sympathized with Hannah when he saw the sorrowful look in her eyes. As he threaded his fingers with hers and caressed her cheeks with the other hand, he reassured her, “Alright now, stopped worrying. He is your brother and by extension my brother too. I will watch over him from now on.” 
Hannah couldn’t help but feel touched. Fabian has been extremely caring over the last two days. Has he fallen in love with me? Furthermore, he keeps insisting that I wear the bracelet Heather gave me. Does he plan to not divorce me anymore? 
Holding that thought, she subconsciously looked at the bracelet she was wearing. For some unknown reason, it looked even more exquisite to her now. 
“I suggest you think about how you are going to convince him that you are his sister. When he awakes, he won’t know who you are. Therefore, you have to explain to him in the simplest terms possible. Moreover, you also have to dispel any of his doubts about your identity,” Fabian reminded. 
Hannah was too focused on finding the one responsible for harming her brother that she forgot about this matter. 
Convince him that I’m his sister without any doubt? The only way we are connected is through our parents. Therefore, to convince him that ‘I’m his sister, I have to first convince him that we are borne of the same mother. However, there’s no way I can prove that. I have never even met her before, let alone prove it. Hannah was in a fix as she looked at Fabian, pleading for his help.
Why is this silly gal so foolish all of a sudden? Fabian remarked helplessly, “Isn’t the fact that your bone marrow matches evidence enough? Also, did you have anything on you when you were abandoned? You can use that as proof too.” 
That’s right! Why didn’t I think of it? I’m really stupid! Hannah wanted to tap herself on her head but realized that she couldn’t move at all. Taking a look, she saw that Fabian was still holding onto her hand. 
Clearing her throat, she added, “What you said reminded me of something. When I was young, I had a piece of jewelry that looked expensive. I got my mom to sell it a few times when we were really broke. However, she refused to do so but never did tell me why. All she said was that I should never sell it no matter how poor we are. I figured it must be what I had on me when I was found. Therefore, she was adamant about not selling it.”
###Chapter 1137
Chapter 1137 
The more she thought about it, the more she felt that her deduction was correct. In her mind, the image of Little Fish, which was a red jewel in the shape of a fish, emerged. She figured that it was bought for her by her biological mother. Given how busy Leo was, he definitely would not have time for her. Even if he did, he would be spending it with his mistress instead. As the thought flashed across her mind, Hannah couldn’t help but hate Leo further. 
At the same time, she was curious as to how her biological mom was like. 
At that moment, a feeble voice rang out in the room, “Is what you just said true?” 
“Duh! Why should I lie? Just for the sake of teasing you?” Hannah snapped before it struck her that the one who just spoke wasn’t Fabian. 
Before she could regain her sense, the feeble voice continued, “Are you really my sister?” 
Hannah turned her head aside and looked at Winson in disbelief. At the same time, her gaze locked with his clear bottomless eyes. 
Hannah’s voice trembled. “Winson, it’s me. I’m your biological sister!” 
Just as she spoke, Hannah attempted to sit up but hardly had any strength to do so. Realizing what she was trying to do, Fabian quickly pulled her upper body up and put a pillow behind her back. After that, he used the same method to help Winson sit up. 
Winson stared silently at Hannah for a long while before mustering all his strength to call out, “We have finally reunited.”
His face cringed a little as tears welled up in his eyes. His recently formed Adam’s apple began bobbing up and down as if he was struggling to choose from among the thousands of things he wanted to say. Overwhelmed by the moment, his body trembled emotionally. 
Touched by his response, Hannah burst out in tears. “Yes!” 
Fabian took two pieces of tissue from the table and sat down beside Winson. Helping him wipe his cheeks gently, he comforted him, “It’s alright now. Your sister is right opposite you. You can see her every day from now on.” 
With his lips still pale, Winson tried hard not to choke. Nodding his head with conviction, he responded, “Mmm-hmm.” 
Staring at Winson, Hannah asked, “Were you awake the whole time?” 
Winson replied, “No, I just woke up a short while ago. The moment I opened my eyes, I heard this man say how you should explain who you are to me. Since I don’t know both of you, I decided to stay silent.” 
When she realized Winson didn’t hear their earlier conversation, Hannah heaved a sigh of relief. Given how young Winson was, she didn’t want him to know the true extent of their predicament. It wasn’t a burden a sixteen-year-old boy should shoulder. 
“Hmm, in that case, how did you know that I’m your sister?” Hannah asked curiously. 
“I was certain of it after hearing you talk about Little Fish,” Winson replied. 
“Hmm?” Hannah was surprised. Did my biological mom really buy Little Fish for me? 
“When I was young, Mom told me before that I had a sister. But she was lost at a young age.” Winson let out a long sigh. After taking two more breaths, he continued, “She said that you were carrying with
you a pendant she bought, which was the Little Fish you spoke about. She instructed me to use it to identify you when I find you.” 
Just as he spoke, Winson straightened his posture as if he wanted to pick something up. However, he hardly had any strength to do so. 
Fabian stood up quickly. “Let me help you.” 
“Mister, please remove the thing I’m wearing on my neck,” Winson requested. 
Fabian reached his hands around but furrowed his eyebrows instead. “There’s nothing there.” 
“How is that possible? I have always been wearing it. Did I lose it?” Winson couldn’t believe what he heard as he tried hard to raise his hand to search. 
“You have just gone through an operation. Perhaps your dad has kept it for you,” Hannah remarked when she saw how anxious Winson was. 
Winson’s mind was put at ease when he realized he didn’t lose it. Looking at Hannah, he explained, “Actually, I have one too. Mom said that it came as a pair when she bought it. Mine is male while yours is female. She hoped that it will bring me good luck for my future while yours will bring you happiness.”
###Chapter 1138
Chapter 1138 
Hannah had mixed feelings upon listening to him. She made up her mind to always wear the Little Fish that symbolized dom. 
Winson felt silent once he finished. As he stared at Hannah, he was seemingly at a loss. The next moment, he heaved a sigh and began sobbing. 
Hannah was nonplussed and asked anxiously, “Winson, what’s wrong? Why are you crying?” 
He replied sobbingly, “I… I missed.. Mom.” 
Hannah’s heart sank upon hearing that. After all, Winson had never experienced his mother’s love except when he was very young. 
“It’s okay, Winson. Don’t cry. I’m here with you.” She had never consoled a child before. Moreover, since Winson was already a seventeen-year-old teenager, she could only comfort him with a few simple words. A moment later, she added, “Winson, I can’t recall anything about our mom. Can you please share some of it with me?” 
Winson nodded and murmured a response. 
After Fabian wiped away Winson’s tears for him, Winson said, “Mom was tall and liked to wear…” 
As he was explaining, an image slowly formed in Hannah’s mind. A woman with long and black hair and wore a snowy-white long dress. She carried Winson with one of her hands while holding Hannah’s hand with the other. Besides, she looked outstanding among the crowd. 
“Mom must be beautiful, right?” Hannah couldn’t help but ask based on her imagination.
“Yes, Mom is the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen,” Winson answered seriously. 
Knock, knock! When someone knocked on the door, Fabian said, “Come in.” 
“Mr. and Mrs. Norton.” Amelia came in with a big wooden box, which Fabian specifically asked her to prepare. 
Fabian was thoughtful enough by instructing Amelia to put two sets of dishes in the box, one of which was prepared for Winson. 
“Amelia, both of them are feeble now. Can you please feed Winson?” Fabian said to Amelia when he was turning the crank of Hannah’s bed. 
“No problem, Mr. Norton.” Then, she came to Hannah and said caringly, “Mrs. Norton, you’ve to eat more because you’re still feeble after undergoing surgery.” 
Hannah nodded gently. Deep down, she felt sorry for Winson because Leo didn’t get a caring housemaid to take care of him. Otherwise, Winson could have a more comfortable life. 
Fabian put all the dishes neatly on the table. Once he opened the package, Hannah saw that herbs were added to the dishes, including pork broth soup. 
After that, Fabian slowly fed Hannah with the dishes and soup. 
Hannah didn’t refuse to have park bone soup even though she used to hate it. Unexpectedly, she even felt that the soup tasted a little sweet and refreshing. 
Also, Hannah felt she would be satisfied if a man was willing to set aside his work to take care of her whenever she was sick for the rest of her life.
Her lips unknowingly curled into a smile of happiness. Meanwhile, Winson was chowing down the food. Since Hannah said that this young man was her younger brother, Amelia was happy to see him. 
Soon, both of them finished all the food, and Hannah even burped aloud. As Fabian fed her just now, she had the appetite to have two bowls of pork bone soup, which she used to loathe. 
“Alright, I’ve to leave now. I’ll prepare dinner for you later.” Amelia put on a smile and said to Winson. 
“Okay.” Winson nodded. Deep in his heart, he had a good impression of Amelia. His mother passed away when he was very young. Even though Leo cared about Winson, he only gave Winson some money so that Winson could take care of himself. As such, Winson felt touched now because someone suddenly fed him and kept asking if he was fine.
###Chapter 1139
Chapter 1139 
The three of them remained in the room after Amelia left. As Winson and Hannah chatted, Winson felt that he could engage in endless conversations with her. They laughed heartily when one of them mentioned something cheerful. However, when they talked about some sorrowful moments, she would keep comforting him. 
“Hannah, I think he is my brother-in-law, right?” Winson looked at Fabian delightedly. Also, he felt relieved because Fabian treated Hannah well and was happy whenever she smiled. 
Hannah was nonplussed by his question. After all, her relationship with Fabian was rather unusual. They weren’t truly a husband and a wife, albeit legally. 
When Hannah was hesitating, Fabian interrupted, “That’s right. Winson is so smart.” 
Fabian came up to Winson’s bed and caressed his head. 
Meanwhile, Hannah was shocked that Fabian responded to the question calmly. She couldn’t help but think if there was a hidden message in his answer. Is Fabian taking our marriage seriously? 
Nevertheless, Hannah shook her head quickly and silently negated her thoughts. How can it be? Fabian might only be kidding for he doesn’t have to be accountable for his words. Moreover, she remembered Fabian said a few days ago that he considered marrying Yvette. Given that Yvette was a well-known actress, Hannah was a few notches below her. Hence, she believed he would choose Yvtee over her. 
As Hannah thought about it, she unknowingly felt a little disgruntled. 
“I knew it. Apart from my brother-in-law, who else would be so dedicated to Hannah?” Winson said excitedly and didn’t notice that Hannah was a little displeased.
Tch! Who says that no one would be dedicated to me except him? There is… there is another one! Hannah was a little dissatisfied and thought that Fabian probably said it to Winson with the purpose to impress him. Also, she wished to tell Winson that Fabian wasn’t as kind as he seemed and always bullied her. 
Despite her slight anger, she decided to hold her tongue. At the same time, she unknowingly wished that Winson would have a good impression of Fabian. 
“Well, do you think Hannah and I are a perfect match?” Fabian seemed to be interested in the conversation. 
“Definitely! You guys are a perfect match! I believe Mom will be happy to know that Hannah has a good husband.” 
After replying to Fabian seriously, Winson turned around to glance at Hannah and added, “Hannah, when Mom was alive, she asked me to do one thing if I could ever find you. If your boyfriend or husband ever bullies you, I’ll teach him a lesson.” 
He lifted his punch when he was talking, as though he was always ready to teach someone a lesson. 
“But it appears that I don’t have to do it.” Winson rolled his eyes as if he was a little dejected, for he didn’t have the opportunity to seek revenge for Hannah. 
Hannah’s heart skipped a beat, and she wasn’t sure how to respond to him. Do you actually hope for the best or the worst? Given that Winson was certainly by her side, she only thought about it and didn’t speak her mind. 
“You’ve heard what I said, haven’t you? This is what my mom said, and I always listened to her. So, treat Hannah well, or else I’ll teach you a lesson.” Since Fabian hadn’t uttered a word, Winson was
seemingly a little doubtful about his sincerity. 
Although Hannah was nonplussed, she was glad that her brother sided with her and even risked offending the “devil”. Well done, Winson! 
She knew that Winson said so because he was young and a little immature; nevertheless, she was still joyful to hear it from him. 
“Oh? If I don’t treat Hannah well in the future, how are you going to teach me a lesson?” Fabian suddenly asked as if his interest was aroused.
###Chapter 1140
Chapter 1140 
“Well, if you don’t treat Hannah well… I’ll… I’ll get my friends to beat you up! That’s right. We’ll beat you!” Winson said stammeringly after pondering over it for quite some time. 
He initially wanted to say that he would beat Fabian by himself. Nonetheless, judging from Fabian’s height and strong arms, he believed that he was no match for Fabian. 
Meanwhile, Hannah was rendered speechless. How dare you ask your friends to beat him? I mean, almost no one on earth dares to lay a finger on the president of Phoenix Group! 
“He’s just a kid. Please don’t take his words seriously,” she explained to him awkwardly. Although Fabian wouldn’t mind, she still felt that what Winson said was inappropriate. After all, Winson was already a teenager and not a kid anymore. 
However, Fabian didn’t mind at all; instead, his lips curled into a smile. He raised his eyebrows and pretended to be afraid. “In that case, I really have to treat Hannah well.” 
“Alright, do your best. I trust you,” Winson said to Fabian proudly. 
Again, Hannah was rendered speechless. Why did Fabian even entertain him? She was surprised that Fabian would entertain Winson and regretted that she didn’t record what he said. If she had done so, she could play the recording whenever Fabian wanted to bully her. It will be a slap in his face! 
“By the way, who took the initiative to ask the other out? Was it you or Hannah?” Winson asked Fabian, eager to know the answer. 
Fabian took a glass of water from the table and took a sip of it. As if he wanted to engage in a long conversation, he asked intently, “Hmm, who took the initiative? Make a guess.”
Humph! It looks like you are about to brag to Winson about how excellent you were and how I courted you. Winson will not believe you! After all, my brother will always stand by me! 
Hannah shot Fabian a disdainful glare, thinking that he was about to talk nonsense to Winson. 
Winson glanced at Fabian and Hannah repeatedly. A moment later, he knitted his brows and said hesitantly, “I really don’t know the answer. You’re handsome, and Hannah is also beautiful.” 
However, when he met Fabian’s doubtful eyes, he was startled and said, “Hmm, Hannah is considered pretty even if she might not be a classic beauty. Did Hannah ask you out?” 
Hannah was a little pissed off. What? Why did he chicken out? I had so much hope for you and even praised you, but you chose to shame me instead! 
At the same time, she kept recalling if it was her or Fabian who took the initiative. 
The fact was that both of them didn’t take the initiative. They were together because both of their families urged them to marry as soon as possible. 
Strictly speaking, it was Fabian who courted Hannah first because he came to discuss the contract with her in the first place. 
“Wow, you’re good at guessing!” Fabian paused for a while, deliberately holding him in suspense. “You’re right. Your sister asked me out first.” 
Hannah almost wanted to lash at him upon hearing that. How shameless you are! How dare you claim that I asked you out! I signed the contract with you only because you were overbearing and didn’t give me a chance to reject your proposal! Humph! Lying to a kid is the best you can do.
“Really? Did I make the right guess? How did Hannah ask you out?” Winson gazed at Fabian with his expressive face and his round eyes, as though he couldn’t wait to listen to the story. 
Humph! Just keep pretending! Let’s see how you can make up stories to cover your lies! Hannah was disgruntled after hearing what Fabian said. As such, she wanted to wait until he made a fool out of himself. 
However, he would not qualify as a successful entrepreneur if he couldn’t even make up a perfect story. He looked up at the ceiling for a while as if he was reminiscing. A moment later, he began to share his version of the story.
###Chapter 1141
Chapter 1141 
“Back then, Hannah and I didn’t know each other, and she was a reporter. During a press conference in a ballroom, her malicious colleague stepped on her long dress on purpose to embarrass her. As Hannah tripped and was about to fall to the ground, I swiftly took her into my arms. After seeing how handsome, cheerful, and charismatic I am, she fell in love with me at first sight. After that, because she courted me consistently, I eventually agreed to be his boyfriend.” 
Upon hearing this, Hannah was really not amused. What nonsense are you talking about? You are lying without blinking an eye! 
I can let it pass when you said you are handsome. How can I tolerate it when you claimed you’re cheerful? After I married you, you wore a grim expression almost every day. Do you know how emotionally exhausted I was? 
Besides, your story sucks! Even though the incident did happen, it definitely wasn’t how you described it. When I was bullied, you stayed with her, grinning all the time. When we finally got home, you even scolded me! Do you know that you have gone too far? 
Winson won’t believe your nonsense and will question you! At that time, I’ll make up a story about how you courted me to embarrass you instead. 
As Hannah was deep in thought, Winson suddenly yelled and interrupted her thought, “Wow! You’re a knight in shining armor! I mean, you’re awesome!” 
Damn it! How could you believe such a dubious story? Hannah was at a loss for words. Nevertheless, since Winson was merely sixteen years old, she could understand that he believed the words of someone he trusted.
“Humph, all you can do is to lie to a kid,” Hannah murmured in a low voice to vent her dissatisfaction. Meanwhile, Fabian remained unperturbed even though he could roughly hear what she said. Instead, he raised his eyebrows and shot her a smug glance. What? You got a problem? Come and beat me if you’re pissed off. 
Hannah rolled her eyes at him before closing her eyes. Tch! Go on. I can’t bear listening to it anymore. 
The moment she closed her eyes, Fabian happened to receive a phone call and had to leave. 
“Winson, you can chat with Hannah. I’ve to deal with some matters and will be back as soon as possible,” Fabian said. 
“Okay, go ahead,” Winson answered like a matured man. 
As Fabian turned around to glance at Hannah, she was still closing her eyes in anger. He shook his head helplessly before going out of the room. 
Humph! Go away! I can’t bear listening to your nonsense any longer! 
When she was about to say something, someone opened the door again. 
“What is it? Just go ahead. I can take care of myself and Winson.” She thought that Fabian came back because he was worried about her. 
However, it proved that Hannah thought too much. The man who entered the ward was bewildered by Hannah’s response. 
“May I know if you’re Hannah Young?” he asked. 
“Hmm… I am,” Hannah replied awkwardly.
“Then, you must be Winson Blackwood.” 
Since Hannah nodded in response but looked a little confused, he continued, “Well, Mr. Blackwood asked me to deliver lunch for both of you.” As he spoke, he walked toward the table and opened the lunch box. 
Leo Blackwood? Wouldn’t it be too late for him to ask someone to deliver lunch at this hour? Winson and Hannah would be famished if they had to wait for his food. 
“You can just put the lunch box there and leave.” Hannah was slightly displeased. 
“I’m sorry for being late. Preparing fish soup took a longer time than expected,” The deliveryman apologized as he noticed that Hannah was a little disgruntled. 
Fish soup? Given that preparing fish soup usually required more than two hours, Hannah was not angry anymore. She calmed herself down and said, “I see. It’s okay. You can put the lunch boxes there.” 
When the deliveryman stood still, she felt a little bit embarrassed for being slightly rude just now. “Thank you. Please go ahead with your work, and I will get the soup myself.”
###Chapter 1142
Chapter 1142 
The deliveryman apologized once again before leaving the ward. 
“Winson, do you still have the appetite for the soup? Fish soup is good for your recovery.” Hannah was full now. Since Winson had quite a lot of food, Hannah thought he probably couldn’t eat more as well. 
“Me? I can’t eat more food now. Since the soup is good for our health, we should have it later. We should have a few bowls of soup to recover as soon as possible and hang out together,” he said while looking at his round belly. 
“Sure,” she thought for a while and continued, “Winson.” 
“What is it?” 
“No one knows about the marriage between Fabian and me yet except you. So, can you please don’t tell anyone? This is the secret among the three of us,” Hannah reminded Winson. 
He looked up and gave it some thought for a while before he replied, “Okay.” 
The next moment, he continued to ask, “But you have to tell me the reason.” 
Hannah thought about it and replied, “I can’t explain it in a few words. Anyway, this is only temporary. We will announce our relationship once the time is right.” 
She didn’t even know where to start to explain the matter to Winson. Moreover, it was possible that they would get a divorce anytime. As such, she hoped to conceal their marriage for as long as possible. 
On the other hand, Winson was a little upset. He lowered his gaze and replied disappointedly, “Okay, I understand.”
“Winson, I have my reasons not to tell you. Besides, I’ll be heartbroken too if you’re upset,” Hannah consoled him because he was down in the dumps. 
“Okay, I understand.” Suddenly, as if a thought flashed through his mind, Winson asked, “Do you want to know where Mom’s hometown is?” 
“Of course.” However, Hannah was curious that he suddenly brought this up. 
“Mommy’s hometown is H City, which is not far from here. The weather is sunny all year long, while the scenery is beautiful. There are a lot of camellias near Mom’s house, which blossom from March to April. Besides, there is also a crystal clear and meandering river with lots of fish.” Winson looked up when he recalled it. 
“Did you visit the place with Mom?” Hannah asked cautiously as an air of melancholy seemed to be surrounding him. 
“No,” Winson denied it and continued, “Mom told me that it is a wonderful place. But before she could bring me there, she…” 
He sobbed uncontrollably. 
Hannah wished to hand over a piece of tissue paper to him yet couldn’t move her body too much. Hence, she could only comfort him, “Winson, it’s okay. When we’ve recovered, I’ll bring you there.” 
Suddenly, Fabian opened the door and brought along someone younger than him. 
Despite the age difference between them, Hannah felt that he was almost as tall as Fabian. The spoiled brat was wearing a set of branded clothes: a white short-sleeved shirt and distressed jeans. Also, the sparkling watch on his wrist was clearly expensive.
“Fabian, I think we came at the inappropriate time,” the young man looked at Fabian and said awkwardly. 
Fabian shot him a cold glance before coming up to Winson’s bed. He took two pieces of tissue paper to wipe away Winson’s tears. Then, he asked Hannah gently, “What were you two talking about? Why did he cry?” 
“Nothing much. Winson got a little emotional as we talked about our mom’s hometown,” Hannah explained. 
“I see. Do you wish to visit the place? That’s simple I can bring you guys to visit the place once both of you have recovered,” Fabian comforted Winson while patted him on his chest gently. 
“Okay. Thank you, my dearest brother-in-law,” Winson felt a lot better after hearing it. 
“What? What did he say? Brother-in-law? Did I hear something?
###Chapter 1143
Chapter 1143 
The young man’s jaw dropped in surprise. Shortly afterward, he glanced at Hannah and said shockingly, “Fabian, didn’t you always refrain from being emotionally attached to all of your girlfriends? What’s going on now?” 
Fabian scowled at him and hit his head immediately. “Hey, do you remember what I said before coming here? Do you want me to hand you over to your dad? He can teach you some manners!” 
“No, please don’t do that. He’ll force me to manage his business once he can lay his fingers on me!” The young man shook his hand as he was worried that what Fabian said would come true. 
The young man immediately changed his facial expression and flattered Hannah. “I was merely too excited. Fabian is actually very loyal.” 
He is loyal, so much so that all of his ex-girlfriends can form a regiment. 
He didn’t speak his mind, worrying that Fabian would hand him over to his dad. 
Hannah smiled politely as a response. Then, she gazed at Fabian doubtfully. It was as if she wanted to know who the young man was and why Fabian brought him here. 
Fabian put on a smile helplessly and explained, “This is Jason, the youngest son of the Goldstein family. His family and mine are good friends.” 
Meanwhile, Jason walked closer to Hannah and bowed with his right arm on his chest. After that, he said smilingly and courteously, “I’m Jason, Fabian’s sidekick.” 
Hannah initially wanted to praise him for being polite, yet his following words shocked her.
“Please help me when necessary because Fabian doesn’t treat me very well.” As Jason spoke, he raised his brows playfully while his lips curled into a sly smile. 
Hannah was rendered speechless. How am I supposed to help you? I’m not the president! 
“As for you, since you’re the brother of Fabian’s wife, I’ll treat you as my godbrother. I’ll protect you from now on, and your problems are my problems. I think you are still in junior high school, right? Tell me which school you’re studying at, and I’ll send two men to protect you there.” Jason talked to Winson non-stop even though Hannah rather embarrassed. 
At this moment, Hannah wasn’t sure what she had to say to him. 
Meanwhile, Fabian was also at a loss. I shouldn’t have brought the brat here in the first place. 
“I’m studying at Holden Junior High School,” Winson replied. 
“Okay, I’ll assign some men afterward,” Jason replied once Winson gave him the answer. 
At the same time, he walked past Fabian and stood beside Winson’s bed. “You can call me Jason. By the way, I haven’t got to know your name yet.” 
“Jason, I’m Winson.” Since Jason was more senior than him, he replied without hesitation. 
“Okay, Winson. Nice to meet you.” 
Deep in Jason’s heart, he was delighted that he took in Hannah’s brother as his sidekick right after meeting him. I can feel that a wonderful life is coming to me. If Fabian is reluctant to teach me or cause me trouble again, I’ll ask a favor from Winson to talk to him. 
Hahaha, I’m as smart as myself!
On the other hand, Hannah was also deep in thought. This boy doesn’t seem to be a spoiled brat but more like a gangster! Will he lead Winson down the wrong path? It’s better to be safe than sorry. After all, it’ll be too late if Winson is influenced by his bad behavior! 
Hence, Hannah hastily winked at Fabian. Quick! Stop him now. Don’t let him bring about any bad influence on Winson. 
Fabian didn’t expect that Jason would say such things. Even though Jason had some bad habits, he would still behave himself in the past. 
Nevertheless, Jason and Winson had a good chat even before Fabian could say anything. As such, he held his tongue and came up to Hannah’s bed to sit on a chair.
###Chapter 1144
Chapter 1144 
“I think he did it on purpose. He just wanted to have more things to talk about with Winson. Teenagers these days are rather different from our time,” Fabian explained. 
“Are you sure?” Hannah did not seem convinced at all. It was not that she doubted what Fabian said, but rather, she felt that Jason was unreliable. 
“Yeap, I’m sure. I wouldn’t bring him over if he were a bad influence on Winson.” An annoyed frown settled on Fabian’s brows, but he still explained again patiently. If it were not for her operation, Fabian would not be this patient. Last time, Hannah never dared second guess his decisions. 
Hannah observed his expression, but she simply had to get to the bottom of things. “How did he end up coming to the hospital with you?” she asked, softening her tone. 
Fabian let out a resigned sigh. “The Nortons and the Goldsteins share close ties. He admires me a lot, and he followed me around a lot when he was younger. Now that he’s in college, his dad wanted him to gain some business experience in the family, but the kid said he wanted to learn from me instead.” 
Children born into rich families really had their own ways of doing things. No one could understand how someone could give up such a good opportunity to gain business experience just to have fun. Unlike them, college students from mediocre families would do everything they could to do some part-time jobs. One could only say that the rich kids never knew what it meant to feel desperate. 
“Helen is also a college student. Which year is he in?” Since her own sister was also in college, Hannah wondered how old Jason was. 
“He’s a junior.”
“Oh! He’s in the same year as Helen. What a coincidence.” It so happened that Helen also had a queer character. 
“So?” Fabian shot her a question uninterestedly. To him, there was nothing coincidental about the two being in the same year. After all, it was not like they attended the same university and were in the same class. They just happened to be in the same year. 
“We’re both humans. Wow, what a coincidence,” Fabian added, rolling his eyes at her. 
“Whatever. I just feel like it’s amazing they happen to in the same year.” 
Hannah realized Fabian had been more talkative these two days, so she decided to probe further. “So… Are we getting a divorce anytime soon?” 
Hannah had wanted to ask him this a long time ago, but she did not manage to find the right time. She was afraid Fabian would lose his temper and force himself on her if she mentioned it. 
“Why do you want to get a divorce?” Fabian’s frown intensified and his tone suddenly turned cold. 
This familiar expression brought back bad memories and sent a chill down Hannah’s spine. The frantic woman quickly explained herself. “No, what I mean is…” 
“Why did you ask in the first place?” Fabian leaned closer, drilling his gaze into her eyes. 
Hannah instantly regretted asking that question but it was too late. 
“It’s… It’s nothing. I am just curious,” she mumbled. 
Fabian leaned back in the chair. His eyes and his mouth curved subtly in a smile as he spoke. “I’ll tell you when it’s time.”
“Alright.” Hannah had nothing else to say. 
You’ll tell me when it’s time? How will I know when that is? Ah, whatever. I’ll get to leave one day. It’s just a matter of time. 
Hannah looked at him as she thought about what he said. A hint of dejection slowly grew in her eyes. 
“Why? Are you unhappy about it?” Fabian saw the smile fading on her lips and asked. He knew she wanted to , but she did not voice it. 
“No. I’m not unhappy about anything.” Hannah faked a smile and answered. 
This is why I like you. You keep your feelings to yourself, unlike other women. They keep acting cute and bothering me with all their petty games.
###Chapter 1145
Chapter 1145 
But can’t you just make an exception for me? Can’t you just treat me differently? I know you care about me, but why do you have to hide it? Don’t you know I can see right through you? 
Fabian shook his head as a smile played on his lips. “Who brought those? Leo?” He spotted the food on the table. 
“Yeah,” Hannah answered, trailing his gaze. 
“By the way, Winson, there is some soup on the table. You should have some. You need to eat something nutritious to get better,” she added. 
“Sure!” Jason was talking to Winson when a smile broke out on Winson’s face. His smile intensified when he heard Hannah. 
“I’ll go get it,” Jason said before Fabian even got up. 
“Get two bowls then,” Fabian replied. 
This brat is finally doing something that won’t embarrass me. 
“Alright,” Jason answered. 
Jason passed a bowl of soup to Fabian before bringing another one to Winson and feeding him. 
“See, isn’t it nice to have a new friend?” Jason teased as he fed Winson. 
Hannah was beginning to change her perception of Jason. He might be a wilful young man but he had a soft heart. He would not be so loving toward Winson if he were a wicked person.
“He always talks like this. I hope you don’t mind. He won’t teach Winson anything bad,” Fabian said, clearing his throat. 
A smile curved on Hannah’s lips. “I know. He just volunteered to get soup for Winson. That says a lot about him.” 
Suddenly, the door swung opened and someone barged in. Jason was shocked he almost spilled the soup. 
The person stood at the door for a few seconds without saying a word and then dashed out. 
“Is she crazy?” Jason grunted, taking up the spoon to feed Winson again. 
Yet again, someone opened the door again. A small head appeared around the door and a soft voice rang in the room. “Is Hannah here?” 
Jason had really had enough of it. “Are you serious? What are you up to? This is a hospital, not a playground. Can’t you see the stickers on the walls? ‘Silence please’. This is the second time you have barged in! What do you want?” 
Jason was already on his feet when Fabian wanted to stop him, but Jason spoke before Fabian could say anything. “Fabian, don’t stop me. Somebody needs to teach this person a good lesson.” 
He charged toward the door, glaring at the person. “Go and ask the nurse if you’re looking for someone. You can’t just go around disturbing all the patients like this.” 
“I heard she’s in this room,” a timid voice replied. 
“Jason,” Hannah called out. 
That girl was her sister, Helen.
“Hannah, you need to stop being so soft-hearted. She can’t do this. The patients need to rest.” 
“Who are you looking for, eh? There are only two patients in this room. One is my brother and the other is my sister-in-law. Which of them is the person you’re looking for?” Jason interrogated the girl. 
Because Jason was blocking the way, Helen could only tiptoe to try and see who was in the room. “But my parents told me she’s in this room…” she said weakly. 
Jason glowered at the young girl in dismay. “Do you think I’m lying to you? Fine! Come in and take a look yourself. I’m not a liar.”
###Chapter 1146
Chapter 1146 
Jason stood aside and let Helen have a full view of the people inside. 
When Helen first saw Winson, she almost thought she got the wrong room. Her frantic gaze wandered to the next bed and the girl exclaimed in relief. “That’s my sister!” 
“Your sister? Hey, who are you talking about?” Jason’s voice trailed off as he slowly turned around. 
Wait… Hannah? So her name is Hannah? 
Jason turned around and met Fabian’s piercing glare drilling through him. 
Oh gosh, no! Why do all the bad things happen to me. How would I know the girl looking for Hannah is her sister? I am in deep shit! I hope Fabian’s not sending me back to my dad. 
Jason’s gaze suddenly softened. “It’s just a misunderstanding, Fabian. Don’t look at me like this, please,” he implored. 
Fabian wrinkled his nose at him and went toward Helen. “Hannah’s here. She has just finished her operation and she’s resting.” 
Helen nodded and went in. Just as she was walking past Fabian, she stopped for a bit and mumbled, “Thanks.” 
Who is he? Helen gave him a wry smile. 
She felt a little odd and didn’t know what else to do. With that, she walked to Hannah. 
Helen had been at college for some time. She had not seen Hannah for about half a year. “Mom told me everything. You really need to rest now. Don’t think about anything else.” She went up and held
Hannah’s hands. 
Hannah nodded in reply. 
She felt odd about the situation and explained to Helen, “I hope you don’t mind Jason back there. He didn’t know my name, so…” 
Helen recalled Jason’s attitude and anger rose in her heart. What he did was really uncalled for. 
Fabian glared at Jason from the corner of his eyes sending chills down the young man’s spine. He got the hint and quickly came forward to apologize. “I’m sorry for being rude. Please forgive me.” 
He told himself he should just eat up his pride and apologize. After all, he would rather lose his ego than being sent back to his father. 
Helen rolled her eyes and pouted her lips. “Fine. I’ll just let it slide this time. But you’d better not make a judgment before understanding the situation next time. You’ll be so dead if you end up offending someone else.” 
What? Is this girl lecturing me now? Does she know who I am? 
Jason was so tempted to retaliate, but he thought of the consequences and held back. 
Come on, Jason. Suck it up. 
“You are so kind. Thanks for your words of advice.” Although he wore a smile on his face, it was obvious that he was putting all his effort into faking it. 
Helen was emboldened by his subservient manner. “No problem. It’s my pleasure to offer some advice. I hope it helps. We should all be humble to receive criticisms so we can improve.”
Hannah thought Helen had gone too far. “Helen, that’s enough. You shouldn’t provoke him. He’s already apologized.” She cut her short. 
“Fine,” Helen replied tersely as she pursed her lips in dissatisfaction. 
She lifted her gaze and looked at Fabian and Jason. After some time, she got up and gave Fabian a pat on his shoulder. “You must be Hannah’s boyfriend, right?”
###Chapter 1147
Chapter 1147 
Before Fabian could even react, Helen eyed him from the top to the toe and expressed her approval. “Not bad. You’ve got a good catch, Hannah.” 
“Helen! What are you talking about?” Hannah cried out in embarrassment. Now that her sister had seen her and Fabian together, she had no choice but to admit their relationship. 
“Come on, don’t be shy,” Helen joked as she cast her a mischievous glance, “Alright, fine. I’ll stop making fun of you.” 
Hannah stole a glance at Fabian and saw him smiling brightly. Hannah’s sister is just like Jason. 
“Hannah, is that our brother?” Helen asked, walking toward Winson’s bed. 
Helen caressed his face lovingly as she bent down. Her face was all filled with love and compassion. 
Winson was not used to all this, but still, he touched Helen’s face and smiled at her as he felt odd. 
“You look kinda handsome too. I bet you’re gonna grow up into a fine young man,” Helen commented as she swayed and pouted her lips. 
Hannah shook her head at her outspoken sister. She was like this ever since she was a kid, and she never cared about rules and restrictions. Now that she was already a grownup, there was no use for Hannah to try correcting her anymore. 
Helen went closer to the boy and asked, “What’s your name? I’m Hannah’s younger sister, so that makes me your elder sister too. You can call me Helen.” 
“I’m Winson.”
“What a sweet name. Hi, Winson,” Helen repeated his name tenderly, ruffling his hair as she smiled brightly. 
Why is she calling his name like that? She’s so cheesy. Jason felt a gush of jealousy when he heard Helen saying Winson’s name. If it were not for Fabian, he would have lashed out at the girl. 
“Are you very close to him? Call him Mr. Blackwood,” Jason said snarkily. 
“Mr. Blackwood? I like calling him Winson,” she insisted. 
Hannah looked at the two and joined the conversation. “Don’t mind him, Helen. Jason’s just not used to you calling him Winson.” 
“Fine. You can just do whatever you want,” Jason said to Helen begrudgingly. 
“What’s wrong with showing my love for Winson? I like the way I call his name,” Helen said, tilting her head to one side as she thought. 
“Don’t you like me calling your name, Winson?” she turned and asked, using an exceptionally sweet voice. 
Hannah was totally at a loss for words, and so was Jason. 
Jason really felt like going up to her and giving her a punch. Does she have to rub it in my face? 
“Actually, Jason’s right. I’m not really used to strangers calling me so intimately,” Winson said awkwardly. 
Helen looked at Jason spitefully and wondered what charm the guy had over her younger brother. In their first encounter, Jason was no more than an unreasonable thug to her.
Jason spotted the despise written all over her face, but he could only swallow his anger with Fabian around. 
Hannah could not stand the enmity between the two anymore. “Helen, this is Jason Goldstein. You must’ve heard of Goldstein Group. It belongs to his family.” 
With Hannah introducing him formally, Jason could not help but feel proud of himself. He straightened his back and looked loftily at Helen. Now you know who I am. Let’s see if you still have the guts to treat me like this ever again. It’s time to show some respect. You should be calling me Mr. Goldstein. 
“I see. That explains his behavior. He’s from a prestigious family,” Helen commented, nodding away at Jason.
###Chapter 1148
Chapter 1148 
Jason smirked at the clueless girl. How dare you lecture me just now? 
A sly smile curved on his lips as he imagined Helen apologizing profusely to him. Mr. Goldstein, I’m so sorry. I didn’t know who you were back there. Please forgive me. 
But Jason’s wish did not come through. Although Helen already found out who he was, she did not back down. She saw right through Jason and decided to just play his game, so she went up to Fabian instead. 
“Fabian, did I do anything wrong just now? Even Hannah is taking his side, but I really don’t see why Jason was angry…” she entreated softly. 
What is going on? 
Jason scratched his head, trying to keep up with what was happening. You’d better not take her side, Fabian. I will not live in humiliation because of this impudent girl. Huh, I need to do something. 
He went over to Hannah and put up a pitiful face. 
“Hannah, you’ve got to be on my side…” 
Before Jason could speak any further, Fabian had already interjected him. “You can just call Winson however you like. He’s your brother, and I don’t think Jason will really mind.” 
…… 
Fabian! How could you do this to me? I’ve always stood by you all this time. You can’t just betray me because of a girl you just met!
Life is so unfair! Life is good for this girl just because she has a beautiful sister. 
Jason knew all was gone. Now that Fabian had spoken, there was nothing he could do anymore. He knew if he continued making a fuss, he would be sent back to the Goldstein family. 
“Thanks, Fabian. You’re the best!” Helen said with a wide smile on her face. 
Her brows curved in triumph as she shot Jason a smug smile. “Even Fabian thinks there’s no reason for you to be angry with me,” she whispered at Jason as she back walked toward Winson. 
Bruh! A gush of fury took over Jason. He felt like he could just kill her there and then. 
Hannah tried her best to ease the situation. “Helen can be impertinent sometimes, but she has a kind heart. I hope you don’t mind.” 
She’s kind? My foot! 
Jason wanted to refute Hannah, but considering who she was to Fabian, he put up a smile instead. “I’m glad you know she’s the one at fault here. But what can I do? I have to put up with all this just to make sure he doesn’t send me back to my father,” he replied, “I hope you could at least say some nice things about me when you’re with Fabian. I really don’t want to go back.” 
…… 
A subtle smile played on Hannah’s lips. She was not expecting Jason to make a request like this. “I’d definitely do that. Don’t worry,” she said immediately. 
Seeing how she readily agreed to help, Jason finally smiled. It no longer mattered if he was right or Helen was right now that he got Hannah on his side. At least he knew Fabian would not send him back to his father.
“Winson,” Helen called out in the same endearing tone as earlier. 
Jason and Winson looked at her simultaneously. 
Seriously. Why does she have to keep rubbing it in my face? 
“Hey, what are you looking at? I’m talking to my brother,” Helen asked Jason with a smirk on her face. 
“Winson, how’s life over at the Blackwoods? I heard from Dad and Mom that life was pretty good for you over there. Make sure you learn some good things in that family, okay? Don’t end up being insolent and proud like someone. Some rich people think they are better than everyone else just because they have money. That’s not a right mindset to have,” Helen said, stealing a look at Jason. 
“Don’t worry, Helen. I’ll didn’t learn anything bad, and I don’t think like that too,” Winson replied, enjoying all the attention Helen was giving him. 
Hannah saw Jason was on the verge of breaking down, so she asked her sister to tell Winson a story and tuck him to bed. “Helen, tell Jason a story before he sleeps.” 
“Alright,” Helen agreed softly. She knew her sister was trying to help Jason.
###Chapter 1149
Chapter 1149 
Jason was extremely grateful to Hannah for coming to his rescue, especially when Fabian had turned his back against him. 
“Winson, I’ll tell you a story, alright? What about the story of the Big Bad Wolf?” Helen suggested awkwardly. Winson was not a boy anymore. She really did not know why her sister made her tell him a story. There were a lot of other things she could do. She was not even sure if Winson would like it. 
“Sure, Helen,” Winson replied. His mother used to tell him bedtime stories when he was a kid until the day she left. No one else in the Blackwood family had ever read him any stories after that. In fact, there was no one he could talk to in the family. Now that Helen offered to tell him a story, he was all excited and moved. 
His enthusiasm caught Helen by surprise. 
“Well, this is how it goes. A long, long time ago, there lived a big bad wolf,” Helen began, with a particular emphasis on the words “big bad wolf”. 
Jason was speechless and gave up defending. Is that even necessary? 
It’s not like I offended you big time! Why can’t you just get over it? 
I really didn’t know you’re Hannah’s sister, so you can’t blame me. Plus, I have already apologized. Why do you have to be so petty? 
If she were not Hannah’s sister, he would have taught her a good lesson. 
“It’s really bad luck I ran into someone so trivial.” Jason shook his head and sighed. “I’ll go get a smoke outside,” he said, walking out of the room.
He could not stand spending another minute in that room. God knew what Helen would do to irritate him again. 
Jason went to the smoking area and lighted a cigarette. He took a deep puff and blew out a mouthful of smoke as he thought of a way to get back at Helen. “I need to do something. I can’t just let her have her way.” 
A thought suddenly came to Jason. I can tell a story too! I can use my story to insinuate innuendos too. 
“Ha! I’ll let her have a taste of her own medicine.” A victorious smile curved on his lips as he dragged the cigarette again. 
He walked out of the smoking area and walked down the corridor slowly so Helen could finish her story before he went in. 
You’re so dead. I’ll make sure you pay for humiliating me. Jason had already had a story in his mind. He just needed to tell it to Winson. 
“Excuse me, is Hannah here?” a voice shook him back from his thoughts. 
Xavier had his quintessential smile on his face when he approached Jason. 
Not again. Jason scrutinized the man as he tried to figure out who this man was. Xavier was in his suit and he had a bouquet of carnations in his hand. 
Bingo! This must be her elder brother. I have to seize this opportunity and get on his good side. 
A smile slowly emerged on Jason’s face. “Are you looking for Hannah? I’m her brother. It’s really nice meeting. Don’t just stand here, come on in. She’ll be really happy to see you.” 
Speaking, Jason took his arm and led Xavier to Hannah’s VIP ward.
Xavier was rather confused. Hannah has a brother? I didn’t know that. Xavier looked befuddled, but since Jason was so enthusiastic, and even offered to bring him to Hannah, he just followed along. 
Jason pushed open the door and ushered Xavier in. “Hey guys, see who’s here!” 
Jason’s eyes curved in a delighted smile as he looked at Fabian. 
He was feeling so good about what he had done. See, Fabian. I did you a favor this time. You don’t have to thank me though. You just need to give me your Lincoln limousine. That would be very kind of you. I never had the chance to check the car out. 
Contrary to Jason’s expectation, not only did Fabian not compliment him, Hannah did not seem excited at all. “Who is this?” Helen asked.
###Chapter 1150
Chapter 1150 
What? Isn’t he your brother? Why are you even asking? Don’t tell me I got the wrong person. He clearly said he was looking for Hannah. 
Behind Jason, Xavier looked at Helen in curiosity. She was caressing Winson’s head when she turned around. 
This must be Hannah’s sister, and that person on the bed must be the guy from the Blackwood family who did the bone marrow donation operation with Hannah. 
Xavier shifted his gaze and met Fabian’s unwelcoming glare. 
The smile disappeared from his face and a frown deepened on his brows. What on earth is he doing here? 
“Why are you here?” Hannah spoke before Xavier could even say a word. She was not expecting him to be here. What was more unexpected was that Jason actually brought him over here. It was obvious that he had no idea about the conflict between Fabian and Xavier. 
Xavier’s gaze fell on Hannah, who was lying weakly on the bed. She looked paler than usual, but she was still beautiful in his eyes. 
“I happen to pass by, so I decided to just stop by since you just finished your operation,” Xavier replied, a smile reappearing on his face. 
I knew it. I knew they knew each other. I’d never get the wrong person. He might not be her elder brother, but he must be her relative or colleague. But regardless of who he is, I did the right thing bringing him here.
“I was asking around for your room number when I met him. He claimed to be your brother, and led me to your room,” Xavier explained when he saw Hannah looking at Jason and himself. 
Yep, that’s right. That’s how you return a favor to someone who helped you. 
“He was looking for you outside, so I brought him over,” Jason added, “You don’t have to thank me. I’m just doing what I’m supposed to do.” 
Jason looked at Helen from the corner of his eyes as he talked to Hannah. 
Helen just stared at him. What’s so great about that? You simply led him to the room. Is that something to be proud of? 
Helen sensed Fabian’s antipathic glare at Xavier, and she instantly understood everything. “It seems like you did a really good job,” she said sarcastically. 
Of course! 
Jason sensed the exaggeration in her voice, but he still did not know the real reason. 
Are you jealous? 
He glared at Helen before turning toward Fabian. “Fabian, I did you a favor this time.” 
Is this guy stupid or something? It’s so obvious that Fabian is not happy to see this man? 
Helen looked at Xavier and guessed he must be Fabian’s love rival. There was no other explanation for the gloom on Fabian’s face when he saw Xavier. Mmm, this guy is not bad-looking either. I can only say Hannah certainly has the charms. 
“Yeah. You did a good job,” Fabian said slowly and coldly.
“Thanks. You don’t have to…” Jason swallowed his words when he felt a penetrating glare running through his body. 
What’s happening. Did I bring someone I’m not supposed to? Gosh, I have to run. Fabian’s glare is killing me. 
Jason let off a rigid cough and tried coming up with an excuse. “Um, I… I need to go pee. You guys have fun. Bye.” 
With that said, he turned and ran out of the room. 
Helen almost burst out laughing looking at him fleeing, but she did all she could to restrain herself. It was certainly not the right time to laugh. The tension in the room was escalating.
###Chapter 1151
Chapter 1151 
“There’s no need for you to worry about my girlfriend, Mr. Jackson. Hannah would like to rest if there’s nothing else. I am sure you must be very busy so you should get back to work,” Fabian stated sternly, making it clear that Hannah was his girlfriend. 
“Don’t worry, Mr. Norton. People in our position don’t really have much work to do. We’ll get a business deal when there’s one. We don’t have to force our way just to get one. Besides, I’m also Ms. Young’s friend. Thus, I’ll find time to visit her no matter what. It seems like you can’t wait to get me out of here, but Ms. Young is fine with me being here. Why are you insisting on me leaving? I think what matters is how she feels and not your wish,” Xavier answered without any reservation. 
He put the flowers down by Hannah’s bed and smiled at her. “Ms. Young, I brought some carnations for you. I hope you get well soon.” 
Hannah was unwilling to see the two getting into another fight. She actually knew what she should do to get Xavier to leave earlier, but it was just not right for her to do that. After all, Xavier came all the way to see her. Besides, she still had to do an interview with him. 
She forced a smile on her face as she looked at the flowers. She wanted to thank him, but Fabian interjected. 
“I’m sorry, Mr. Jackson. Hannah’s allergic to pollen. Thanks for bringing the flowers, but I’m afraid you’ll have to bring them back,” Fabian said with a challenging glint in his eyes. 
Fabian! How could you say that? He came all the way here just to see me. There’s really nothing between us. He has told you that we’re friends. 
Hannah was vexed. Her brows furrowed slightly at Fabian’s words.
“I didn’t know Ms. Young is allergic to pollen. She even said the flowers in my office smelled nice. Don’t tell me this is just a lie you make up just so she doesn’t accept my flowers.” 
Xavier called Fabian out blatantly with a polite smile on his face. 
Meanwhile, Helen was watching the interaction between the three. She feared for Fabian. If he were not able to counter Xavier, it would mean he lost. 
Helen was naturally drawn to Fabian right at the very beginning of their confrontation, although she could not tell why. 
Nevertheless, it turned out that Helen’s worry was redundant. Fabian was a shrewd businessman. He had seen much worse. 
“Mr. Jackson, are you trying to imply that you know my girlfriend better than I do? You can ask Hannah yourself if you think you’re right,” Fabian insisted as if what he said was the truth. 
He walked over to Hannah’s bedside and threw the flowers into the trashcan. Then, he called out to the nurse to come and clear the bin. 
The nurse came over immediately and took out the trashcan. 
Helen could not help but marvel in awe. That’s so cool! I can’t believe he just ousted his enemy like that. You are really a man! 
Xavier quivered in anger at Fabian’s action. But Fabian showed no sign of retreat. Instead, he took a step forward with a confident smile, looking at Xavier provocatively. The ambiance in the ward instantly became tenser.
Hannah felt like both of them were about to get physical, but with her being bed-ridden, there was nothing she could do, and she did not want to take sides either. She turned and looked at Helen helplessly, hoping her sister could do something.
###Chapter 1152
Chapter 1152 
Helen instantly understood Hanna’s gaze. She stood up and let out a cough as she walked toward Xavier. She tugged him by her arm, smiling warmly. 
“Mr. Jackson, my sister is really allergic to pollen. She had rashes all over her arms after she came home from your office that day, but she didn’t tell you. Thank you for bringing the flowers though, we really appreciate it. I’m sorry this has caused trouble for you.” 
Without waiting for Xavier to reply, Helen turned toward her sister. “Hannah, look at what you have done. They are both fighting because of you.” 
Hannah could not help but be in awe of her sister’s tactful response. “Mr. Jackson, I’m sorry. I should’ve told you I’m allergic to pollen. But I wasn’t lying when I said the flowers at your office smelled nice. I had some rashes after that, but I didn’t tell you because I figured it wasn’t a big deal.” 
The nurse came back in and Xavier looked at the empty can. He glared at Fabian angrily and decided to just drop the matter. “It seems like I have misunderstood Mr. Norton.” 
“It’s not your fault, Mr. Jackson. I should’ve explained myself earlier,” Hannah interrupted. 
“No, it’s not your fault. I should’ve known better. I might be Jackson Group’s president, but I’m willing to admit my wrong, unlike someone else.” 
Someone else? Who is he talking about? Fabian? Helen was trying to figure out who Xavier was referring to. 
What is he implying? So Fabian did something wrong but didn’t want to admit it? 
Fabian knew what Xavier was talking about. It pained him every time he thought of what happened.
Fabian’s expression turned cold and emotionless as he looked at Xavier. “Mr. Jackson, you just need to worry about yourself. Sort out your own family problem before you talk about mine.” 
A sneer carved on Fabian’s face as he looked at Xavier. He was talking to Xavier, but in some respects, it felt like he was talking to himself. 
“I’m not as blessed as Mr. Norton. You have so many beautiful women around you,” Xavier replied, shaking his head, “But allow me to remind you, Mr. Norton. Hannah is not someone you can play with. As her friend, I won’t go easy on you if something happens to her.” 
Xavier sounded as if he was joking, but Fabian knew he meant what he said. 
“It’s only natural that a dashing man like me has a few women around me. You’d understand that if you were in my shoe,” Fabian answered, “As for Hannah and I, you don’t have to worry about a single thing. We love each other a lot, and we know each other really well.” 
Yeah, right. You keep saying that. Hannah could not help but roll her eyes. I don’t know how this man can just lie without even feeling ashamed. I’m the one who’s completely truthful before you. You’re the one who’s never told me anything about yourself. 
Opposite Fabian, a ridiculing smile curved on Xavier’s lips. Y’all know each other really well? Then, why did Hannah ask me about Vivian? She seemed genuinely surprised after finding out about it. 
Xavier knew Fabian was lying, but he was not keen on calling him out. “I hope what you say is true,” he replied, shrugging his shoulders. 
He walked over to Hannah’s side and a smile resumed on his face. “I know a nutritionist that’s really good. I’ll get him to bring you two some food. Y’all just finished the operation, so some good food will help.”
###Chapter 1153
Chapter 1153 
Hannah knew she should not accept Xavier’s offer. “That’s very kind of you, Mr. Jackson, but we really don’t need a nutritionist.” 
Beside her, Helen was admiring her sister’s charm. These two men cared for her so much. 
“Come on, you don’t have to feel bad about that. We’re friends. Besides, I need you to recover sooner so we can proceed with the interview. My company’s good name still depends on you,” Xavier insisted. 
Your company’s good name depends on me? 
This must be a joke. Jackson Group is already so famous. 
Hannah knew this was just an excuse, but it was not like she could reject his kindness. It would mean that she did not want to recover faster to do the interview with Xavier. 
Hannah was caught in a difficult situation and she turned slightly to look at Fabian. 
But before Fabian could say his piece of mind, Helen had already agreed to it. “Sure thing, Mr. Jackson. I’ll give you my number. The nutritionist can contact me when he’s coming over just in case my sister is resting.” 
There’s no way I’m letting this opportunity slip out of hand. I’m gonna eat those food if Hannah’s not eating. 
“Helen,” Hannah cried out. 
But the younger sister assured her, saying, “Hannah, how could you turn down your friend’s offer?”
Hannah did not know what else to say. She decided to just let Helen do her own thing. After all, she did not agree to that but Helen. Hmm, I think Fabian would not find fault with me. 
A grateful smile spread across Xavier’s face as he looked at Helen. “Thanks, I’ll let him know.” 
“You’re welcome,” she replied. Xavier actually did not have to thank her. She was doing this because she wanted to eat some nice food herself. 
Since Helen had already agreed to it, Fabian said no more. 
Now that Helen had taken up the offer, Xavier got ready to leave. With Fabian around, it was impossible for him to talk to Hannah. They would end up fighting anyway. This would also affect Hannah’s impression of him. 
Xavier was not concerned about winning the fight with Fabian. He just wanted to win Hannah’s heart, although he could not explain why he was so determined. Perhaps it was because Hannah was different from all the other women he had met. 
“Alright, I’ll make a move first. You should really rest, Ms. Young. I’ll drop by some other time,” he said gently. His tone was so loving Hannah could not help but wish Fabian could also talk to her like this. 
Ha, but who knows? I might not love Fabian anymore if he were like him. Come to think of it, I don’t even know why I like him so much. He’s such a bad guy. 
Wait, what did Xavier say just now? He’s coming again? Hannah was caught in her own thoughts she was not listening clearly. Please don’t come again. I really don’t want you two to keep fighting. 
“Thanks for coming today, Mr. Jackson. I’ll rest well so I can recover faster,” Hannah replied politely, “Actually, Mr. Jackson, you don’t have to come over. You still have to take care of the company. You
must have a lot of work to do. The doctor said I just need to rest more, so there is no need for you to worry about me.” 
That’s not too bad. I thought you are not going to turn him down. 
Fabian nodded at her approvingly. 
Xavier still had a smile on his face, although his face stiffened when Hannah rejected him. “Don’t worry about my work, Ms. Young. No matter how busy I am, I’ll always find time to visit a friend.”
###Chapter 1154
Chapter 1154 
Xavier knew his work was just an excuse Hannah used to dissuade him from coming, but he had no other choice. Fabian would be here every day now that Hannah was sick. If Xavier did not level up his game, he would never get the girl. 
That was why Xavier would come even if Hannah did not want him to. 
“Alright, Mr. Jackson, you should get going. We don’t want to keep you any longer. Time is of the essence for you,” Fabian reminded him. He saw no need to be courteous to Xavier. After all, Xavier had always treated him the same way. Since he was not keen on maintaining amicable ties, Fabian would not be nice to him either. 
“Hannah, you should just rest in the room. I’ll see Mr. Jackson out since he took the trouble to come and visit you,” Fabian said nonchalantly as he looked at Hannah. 
Hannah looked at Fabian, bewildered. Oh no, what’s he trying to do. 
I know you two hold a grudge against each other. There’s no way you’ll send him off nicely. 
Don’t tell me you two are bringing the fight outside. Hannah was starting to get worried. 
“Alright then. Helen, you go along with them as well,” Hannah suggested. 
Helen could see through her sister’s worries and nodded. 
Yet, before Helen could come over, Xavier spoke. “It’s fine, you should just stay back and take care of your sister. I’ll have a talk with Mr. Norton. We haven’t seen each other for quite some time.”
Xavier was equally curious about why Fabian wanted to talk to him alone. It’s not like I’m afraid of you. I’ll just take you head-on. People like you don’t deserve to be loved. Finnick had taken Vivian away from you, now I’ll take Hannah. 
Despite being witty, Helen knew there was no way she could insist her way since Xavier had already said he wanted to speak to Fabian alone. She looked at Hannah in resignation. 
There was nothing Hannah could do either. The two men were in charge of two of the most powerful families in the city. It was only natural that they would not see eye to eye. 
“Alright then. See you, Mr. Jackson,” Hannah said, silently hoping the two would not do something rash. 
After the door closed behind them, Helen sat on Hannah’s bed. “Hannah, I can’t believe you have two of them under your spell. I didn’t know there’s another man in your life other than your boyfriend.” 
Another man? No way. Hannah looked at her sister and shook her head. 
“What’s with that face, Hannah? Are you embarrassed? Don’t lie to me. I can tell with just a glance that Mr. Jackson is interested in you. Don’t tell me you don’t know that.” 
Hannah actually felt Xavier was interested in her, but everything he did for her was really what a friend would do. 
“Come on, Hannah. Tell me how you get those two to fall head over heels for you. I want to learn from you. Don’t you want me to find a good husband too?” Helen hurried her sister up. 
“What am I supposed to say?” Hannah asked in return. It was not like she purposefully seduced those two men.
“Tell me how you manage to attract the attention of two handsome young men.” 
“What do you mean by ‘attract their attention’?” Hannah questioned. There was no way Hannah would do something to catch their attention, especially Fabian. No one in the right mind would want anything to do with Fabian. 
“I mean, how did you know them,” Helen quickly corrected herself after realizing her mistake. 
Hannah knew her sister would not relent until she came to the bottom of it. “I knew them from the interviews I did with them respectively.”
###Chapter 1155
Chapter 1155 
It went without saying that Hannah could not tell Helen she met Fabian at the Civil Affairs Bureau. She knew Helen would shower her with questions if she found out. By then, it would not be possible to hide anything from her. As for Xavier, Hannah really met him at an interview. 
“Interview? So it was love at first sight?” Helen interrogated, “Are you telling me two presidents of a large corporation fell for a journalist at first sight? Are you kidding me?” 
“It’s a one-to-one exclusive interview. My company sent me to do an interview with them. But it’s not easy to meet these two men, so I waited outside their companies for days. That’s how I made an impression,” Hannah said. 
“Really? Just like that?” Helen asked, still not convinced. 
“Yeah. Why would I lie to you?” Seeing her sister had almost bought the story, Hannah nodded her head furiously. 
“What’s with that look of yours? Do you think it was easy? I had to carry a big camera with me every day. Even the security guards were starting to be wary of me,” she added. 
Hannah pouted her lips and turned away as if she was angry. 
“Alright, I believe you. I’m sorry,” Helen quickly coaxed Hannah when she thought that she was losing it. 
“Hmph!” Hannah played along and pretended to be angry. 
“Are you sure you want to do this to me?” Helen asked cheekily with a naughty glint sparkled in her eyes. She dug her hand into the blanket and tickled Hannah.
Hannah could never withstand even the slightest tickle. Helen knew just what she needed to do to get her sister to talk to her. 
“Hey, stop it! Helen!” Hannah could not move around too much after the operation, but it was too ticklish. Her body twitched mildly at Helen’s touch as a smile broke out on her face. 
“Are you gonna forgive me?” Helen asked, tickling her sister even more. 
“Stop it! Fine! I forgive you! Please stop!” Hannah begged as she panted. 
“You have to keep your word,” Helen said after seeing that her sister had loosened up; then, she stopped. 
“I promise,” Hannah replied promptly, afraid that her sister would do something nasty again. 
Helen heaved a sigh of relief and took her hands out of the blanket. 
It’s such a pain in the ass to have a sister like her. 
Despite being an unruly younger sister, Helen did make Hannah’s day better. It had been a long time since she had some fun. 
Over on the outside, Xavier challenged Fabian. “What is it that you want to say, Mr. Norton? I know you won’t come out to send me off for no reason.” 
Ever since the two came out of the room, none of them spoke. It was not until they reached the entrance of the hospital that Xavier finally spoke. 
“Not everyone thinks like you, Mr. Jackson. Please do not generalize as not everyone has evil intentions like you,” Fabian insulted without the slightest hint of friendliness in his tone.
“Really? I’m sorry then. I must have gotten ahead of myself. See you.” Xavier threw him a curt reply and went off.
###Chapter 1156
Chapter 1156 
“Wait.” 
A cunning smile curved on Xavier’s lips when Fabian called out to him. “I thought you have nothing to say?” Xavier asked. 
Fabian disregarded his mocking remark and went closer to Xavier with a serious expression on his face. “Hannah is mine. You’d better stay away from her,” he said slowly but surely. 
Although he did not raise his voice, Xavier could still feel he meant every word he said. 
The wind whirled Xavier’s hair in a mess, but he could not care less. He took a step closer and looked at Fabian in the eyes. “Why? You finally can’t take it anymore?” he challenged, shaking his head in disappointment, “I didn’t know you don’t have any faith in yourself.” 
Fabian did not utter a word but drilled his demeaning gaze into Xavier like a vulture eyeing its prey. 
Xavier did not back down either. His gaze did not waver. On the contrary, there was inexplicable confidence in his eyes as if he already knew he would win this fight. 
The howling wind blew stronger in the cold. It beat on their skin like cutting knives, but it only made the two men more determined to take each other down. 
Fabian suddenly burst out laughing. “Are you kidding me? Since when am I not confident? Who are you to say anything about me anyway? You don’t have what it takes to talk me down.” 
“You don’t get to decide whether I have what it takes or not,” Xavier talked back calmly with an air of nonchalance.
“You want to pursue Hannah, don’t you? Fine. I’ll give you a chance. If you manage to change her mind before we get married, then she’s all yours. I’ll give you both my blessings. But truth be told, I don’t think you can do that,” Fabian stated firmly. 
“Mr. Norton, never say never. We don’t know what the future holds. Who knows, you might end up attending my wedding.” 
“We shall see.” 
“I’ll make sure you see me marrying Hannah,” Xavier repeated. 
The two men exchanged searching looks before they parted ways. 
Back at the VIP ward, Helen continued asking her sister questions. “Who would you marry if both of them were equally nice to you, Hannah?” 
Can I say I’m already married to Fabian? 
Well, not like being married makes any difference. It’s just a piece of paper. We just need to go to the Civil Affairs Bureau again if we want to get a divorce. 
“It’ll be Mr. Norton, right?” Helen guessed before Hannah said anything. 
Hannah’s mind wandered as her sister mentioned Fabian’s name. He’s the president of a company, and I’m merely a journalist. He’s from the Norton family, and I’m just a deserted child. We are no match. 
“Why not you just admit you like him? There’s no need to be shy with me,” Helen reiterated. 
Helen thought Hannah was quiet because she was embarrassed.
“Alright, fine. I won’t pester you anymore. I can tell from your reaction that you like him. You’re always siding with him when Mr. Jackson was here earlier on. I know you like him.” 
“Uh-huh, you’re so smart. You’re the smartest person I’ve ever known,” Hannah teased, shaking her head. 
“Don’t be jealous, Hannah. You don’t have to make it so obvious that I am smarter than you,” Helen said as she rolled her eyes. 
“You’re so smart you can tell I’m jealous.” Hannah knew she would never win against Helen as she always had a trick or two up her sleeves. But Hannah had to say, it was a blessing to have a sister like Helen.
###Chapter 1157
Chapter 1157 
“Hannah, is something going on between Mr. Norton and Mr. Jackson? Why are they picking on one another the moment they encounter each other? Is it because of you?” Helena directed the question at her sister. 
“Of course not!” Hannah assured her sister that wasn’t the case. 
“How can you be so certain? Think about it! They are on par with one another in terms of power and fame! I’m sure Mr. Jackson is jealous because you’re in a relationship with Mr. Norton. Otherwise, why would Mr. Jackson pick on your beloved Mr. Norton the moment he showed up? Perhaps that ain’t the ultimate reason, but I’m sure it has something to do with their conflict!” As Helen started analyzing the situation, she reassured her sister that must be the case. 
For a moment, Hannah was convinced by her sister’s words and thought that was the case, but she soon invalidated her sister’s thoughts when she recalled how Fabian was irked by Xavier’s presence since a long time ago. Previously, she wasn’t even close with Xavier. Therefore, it wouldn’t make any sense for her to be the center of their conflicts. 
“You need to stop overthinking things! Actually, they’re not on good terms with one another because Fabian is a close friend of Xavier’s foe.” 
Hannah would never tell her sister the person was a woman whom Fabian had a hard time moving on from. Otherwise, her sister would definitely confront Fabian. Worst of all, Helen might have a bad impression of Fabian. She wouldn’t want any of those to occur. 
“How could that be? Is it necessary for them to strangle one another to death over such a trivial matter?” Helen had a hard time figuring out the truth. After pondering for a few minutes, she insisted her hypothesis was right. “Nope! I still think you’re the reason behind it!”
“I also think Hannah is the reason behind their intense session.” Suddenly, a fragile voice could be heard in the room. The voice belonged to the patient on the bed—Winson. 
… 
Helen was speechless because the young man was supposed to stay out of the adult business, yet he voiced out his unwanted opinion. 
Soon, the duo responded with an awkward expression when they recalled the content of their conversation. They thought Winson was in deep slumber because he kept silent throughout their conversation. 
Helen was the first to snap out of confusion. She took a seat at the edge of the bed and leaned over to check on the young man with an awkward smile. “Winson, have you heard our conversation?” 
“Mmm!” 
The duo was speechless as Winson responded with a nod, indicating he had heard everything. 
Helen regretted her decision and thought she had embarrassed herself in front of her beloved little brother. When she thought about the content of their conversation and the way she tickled Hannah, she felt a strong urge to bury her head in the sand. 
On the other hand, Hannah wasn’t as embarrassed as Helen. Nonetheless, she felt bad for neglecting their beloved little brother. 
“Winson, I have accidentally neglected you because I thought you had fallen asleep after Helen tucked you in. I… hope don’t mind me, okay?” Hannah flushed because of her accidental neglect.
“It’s fine, Hannah! I think the conversation you had with Helen was quite interesting!” Winson asserted in a serious manner. 
Helen cleared her throat and said, “Winson, we don’t usually behave as such, but it has been quite some time since our last meeting. Therefore, we got overly excited. Think about it! If the last time you see your sister was six months ago, aren’t you going to get pumped up when you see her?” 
Helen tried to explain the rationale behind her actions because she was afraid Winson would misperceive her to be a maniac. 
“Mmm! I don’t even think I can go by a week without meeting my beloved sisters, let alone six months!” After Helen’s countless attempts to deceive Winson, she finally achieved her goals. 
“See? Think about it! We can’t suppress our excitement anymore because it has been six months since we last meet! Therefore, we got overly excited and let loose of ourselves! Don’t you think it’s perfectly normal?” Helen went on and on just to deceive her beloved brother.
###Chapter 1158
Chapter 1158 
“Mmm! I think that’s perfectly fine!” Winson nodded and thought Helen’s words made sense. 
Sighing, Helen caressed Winson’s head and said, “You’re such a smart young man!” 
“Urgh! If he had told me his relationship with her, I wouldn’t have to spend my time pacing back and forth in the garden!” Jason, who was in the elevator, muttered to himself. 
After he brought Xavier into Hannah’s ward, he was intimidated by Fabian’s deadpan stare. He ended up fleeing from the ward and pacing back and forth in the lobby. As he thought the man had departed, he returned to the ward again. 
Who the hell is he? How has he offended Fabian? I have never seen such a fearsome Fabian before! The way he reacts is far more intimidating than Dad! Ugh! It’s giving me a chill again! When Jason recalled Fabian’s deadpan expression, he felt a chill running down his spine and wondered if he had regained his composure. 
Hmph! It’s that man’s fault! I must get to the bottom of his identity after the misery he has brought upon me! I won’t allow him to live a care life after the things he has done! Caressing the mosquito bites on his arm, Jason made up his mind to seek revenge. 
As he walked out of the elevator, Jason bumped into the man in front of him. 
What the heck? Have I been jinxed for the day? Although Jason cursed in his mind, he bowed at the person he had bumped into and apologized, “I’m so sorry, mister!” 
Jason had undergone strict education ever since he was young. Thus, he could carry himself in a manner befitting a civilized young man.
“It’s okay.” The person Jason had bumped into was Hannah’s adoptive father—Hendrick. 
“Huh?” Jason gaped at the man’s presence when he noticed they were right outside of his sister-in- law’s ward. 
What is this man doing outside of the ward? Shouldn’t he get going in? What the heck is going on? Stop being a peeping tom! 
Jason was about to rush over to confront Hendrick, but when he recalled the incident Helen had gone through, he resisted the urge and asked politely, “Mister, may I know what you’re doing here?” 
“Huh?” Hendrick, who had his eyes glued to the ones in the ward, was startled by Jason’s question. Seconds after he returned to his senses, he said, “I’m here to visit my daughter.” 
Daughter? Is it Hannah? Oh, God! I can’t believe I get to run into Hannah’s father! I guess I’m not so unlucky, huh? Here comes a surprise from God to compensate me after the miseries I have gone through! Hahaha! Since he’s Fabian’s father-in-law, I don’t have to be afraid of Fabian anymore as long as I win him over! Hahaha! 
Wait! I think it’s better to get everything clear before I mess things up again! 
Jason could barely suppress his excitement. He asked, “Mister, if you’re here to visit your daughter, why aren’t you entering the ward?” 
Hendrick couldn’t help but size Jason up because he found the young man odd. Nonetheless, he answered, “I just need to ensure she’s fine because I’m afraid of interrupting her. See? I have prepared a meal for her!” He raised his hand and showed the young man the meal he had brought along with him.
Staring at the thermal food jars Hendrick had with him, Jason was certain the man in front of him was Hannah’s father. 
Judging by his appearance and the fact he’s aware of the precise location of the ward, I’m sure he’s the one! 
Hahaha! I need to win him over! I mean, I can’t possibly waste my talent, right? 
“You’re such a caring father! I’m so envious of your daughter for having such a great father! I’m sure she’s equally proud of you, isn’t she? If and only I have a caring father like you… Huh…” 
Jason had developed a special talent of putting on a show at demand after being beaten by his father ever since he was young. As he held Hendrick’s hands with his quivering hands, he acted all worked up with tears brimming in his eyes. 
“Why are you crying? Are you sure you haven’t misunderstood your father? I’m pretty sure he loves you as much as I love my daughter.”
###Chapter 1159
Chapter 1159 
Hendrick found the seemingly dejected Jason pitiable and started consoling him because he was around Hannah’s age. 
Grasping Hendrick’s hands, Jason went all out and wailed, “My father has been neglecting me because he only cares about his business! I had been taking care of myself ever since I was young! Although I’m from a relatively wealthy family, my father doesn’t care about me at all! I-I…” 
“Y-You…” Hendrick was at a loss for better words to comfort the pitiable Jason. 
“Your daughter is so lucky to have a doting father like you! P-Perhaps I have been cursed with such a cruel father! Boohoo…” Jason continued weeping as though he was overwhelmed by the built-up emotions over the years. 
Hendrick started sympathizing with Jason’s predicament. He held the young man’s hand and denoted, “Don’t you think your father has been working hard because of you?” 
Jason secretly heaved a sigh of relief because Hendrick seemed to have opened up to him. He deadpanned his reply. “Hmph! I don’t need those superficial things from him!” 
Immediately after he finished his sentence, he asked, “Why don’t you take me in as your godson? I’d love to spend some time with a doting father like you!” 
Hendrick was certain the young man was an heir to a wealthy family because of the lavish clothes he was wearing. As someone who could merely sustain his day-to-day lifestyle, he was worried the young man’s parents might misperceive his intention. Thus, he turned him down. “I don’t think that’s appropriate.”
Actually, Hendrick found Jason pitiable and would take him in if he were an orphan. Nonetheless, the young man was the complete opposite of a pitiable orphan. 
On the other hand, Jason had no intention to give up just yet. As Hendrick turned him down, he started wailing hysterically, “Boohoo… Since no one cares about me, I guess it’s fine to leave this world behind. My last attempt to commit suicide through drowning myself has failed, I guess I’ll jump off the building this time!” 
In a final attempt to win Hendrick over, Jason coated his words with sorrow along with a pair of drooping eyes. “I guess I can finally rest in peace after learning the true definition of love. I’ll see you again, mister. If it’s possible, I hope I’ll get to be your son in my next life!” 
Immediately after he finished his sentence, Jason turned around and catapulted in the other direction, behaving as though he was about to jump off the building. 
Hendrick got anxious and stopped Jason. “How can you give up on your life when you’re so young? If you’re dead, your parents will be very sad! It’s such a wonderful world! Are you sure you’re going to leave everything behind?” 
The seemingly agitated Jason queried, “If there’s nothing else that’s worth my time, is it necessary for me to waste my time living a life full of despair?” 
When Hendrick heard Jason’s question, he went dead silent and stood right where he was. 
Hurry up and give in to my request already! Just say yes! Once you acknowledge me as your godson, I’ll call off my plan to jump off the building! Hurry up! 
Jason got anxious because Hendrick remained silent for a long time. Has he seen through my plan? It’s impossible, isn’t it? I mean, I have put on such a pitiable front and wasted so many drops of tears!
“Alright! I’ll take you in as my godson!” Hendrick broke the silence, caving in to the young man’s request. He added after pausing for a few seconds, “You have to promise me not to try anything silly such as committing suicide in the future.” 
“Sure! I’ll listen to everything you say!” Jason almost started weeping again. See? It’s impossible for him to see through my act! After all, I’m such a talented actor! Those in showbiz should be glad I’m not in the industry! Otherwise, they’re going to have another strong rival! 
Hendrick felt helpless because he had no intention to cave in to Jason’s request. With that being said, he couldn’t possibly allow the young man to end his life in front of him. 
Jason was all smiles—a genuine one because he was glad he had a strong backing to defend him from Fabian in the future. He introduced himself, “Uncle, my name is Jason! Shall we head into the ward and check on Hannah?” 
“Oh, Jason.” As Hendrick muttered Jason’s name, the young man brought him into the ward. 
After Jason took over the things Hendrick had with him, Hendrick introduced himself, “If that’s the case, why don’t you address me as Uncle Hendrick from now onwards?” 
Meanwhile, the trio in the VIP ward had a great time chit-chatting, but Jason’s sudden appearance interrupted their session.
###Chapter 1160
Chapter 1160 
“Uncle Hendrick, hurry up and come in!” 
Helen was about to yell at Jason again, but she stopped when she heard Jason’s voice. Uncle? What the heck is Jason up to again? Has he brought someone else to defend him after being bullied by me? Has he returned with someone because he’s afraid of Fabian? 
On the other hand, Hannah was equally confused by their presence. Her heart skipped a beat when she recalled Jason and Fabian’s families were closely affiliated. Perhaps the uncle Jason had brought along was also a close friend of the two families. Why has Jason brought along his uncle with him? If his uncle figures out my relationship with Fabian, doesn’t that mean it will be made wide known to those from the upper echelon? Does that mean we’re going to be exposed soon? 
Hannah and Helen had their eyes glued to the entrance. While Helen couldn’t wait to embarrass Jason again, Hannah was on pins and needles because she was afraid it was someone affiliated with Fabian’s family. As Heather had handed over the family heirloom to her, she was afraid she wouldn’t be able to keep their relationship a secret anymore. 
Holding her breath, Hannah saw a familiar figure closing in. 
“Dad!” she greeted her father in disbelief and craned over to see if anyone else had tagged along with them. 
Similarly, Helen, who was surprised, asked, “Dad, why are you here?” 
After Hannah ensured no one else was behind her father, she let out a sigh of relief. After she regained her composure, she was confused because Jason had addressed her father in an odd manner. What’s going on? How is Dad related to Jason?
“I’m here to visit Hannah…” as he explained himself, he looked at Jason next to him. 
“Mmm! Uncle Hendrick is here to visit Hannah!” Jason showed them the things he had with him before heading over to the table to unpack the food. 
“What? Is something wrong with my ears? What have you been addressing my father as?” Helen caressed her ears and asked in disbelief. 
“Your ears are fine! I’m addressing him as Uncle Hendrick!” As Jason brought Helen a serving of food, he whispered, “I guess you’re my godsister from now onwards, huh?” 
Helen was on the verge of losing her mind when she saw Jason’s proud grin. This hedonistic man is going to be our godbrother from now onwards? What kind of a joke is this? 
She gaped at her father and asked, “Dad?” 
Hendrick looked at Jason and explained, “J-Jason is telling the truth. From now onwards, he’s your godbrother.” 
Jason? Godbrother? Can anyone tell me what’s going on? Why the heck has he turned into our father’s godson out of the blue? 
“See? Uncle Hendrick has acknowledged me as his godson! You need to acknowledge me as your godbrother too!” Jason felt great because he finally got the better of Helen for once. You shouldn’t have gotten full of yourself just because Fabian is on your side? So are you going to teach me a lesson now? Hmph! Let’s see who’s going to be the one to teach the other party a lesson in the future! I’ll definitely irritate you every day! 
Helen glared at Jason and announced, “No way!”
She turned and asked Hendrick, “Dad, what’s going on?” 
Hendrick had a hard time explaining the reasons behind it because he was equally baffled since the entire process occurred within a few minutes. 
“We’ll talk about it some other time.” As Hendrick was afraid Helen would bring up the same topic again. He diverted their attention and asked, “Are you okay? I’m sure you’re hungry, aren’t you? Your mother has prepared a lot of food for you. Hurry up and finish it all!” 
Hendrick served Hannah the soup he had brought along from home. 
When her father opened the container, she caught a whiff of a familiar scent. 
“Hannah, your mother has prepared this for you because it’s the best post-surgical meal. Hurry up and finish it.” Hannah had always been Hendrick and his wife’s favorite because she was an obedient girl ever since she was young. 
On the other hand, Hannah felt bad when she saw Hendrick. Over the years, they had brought her up as though she was their biological daughter. They would ensure she got a share of everything they have along with Helen. At times, she couldn’t help but wonder if Helen could live a better life without her. 
As Hannah had consumed several servings of soups Fabian brought her, she was too full. However, she couldn’t bear to turn her father down.
###Chapter 1161
Chapter 1161 
After Hendrick approached Hannah with the bowl of soup, he ensured it was of optimal temperature for consumption before handing it over to her. 
In the end, Hannah consumed everything Hendrick served her. It was scrumptious, yet it felt different from the ones Fabian had brought her because of the associated meaning. 
As Helen started eating her meal, she glared at Jason in the eyes from time to time. 
Why am I related to this guy over there? Ugh! It’s so frustrating! I must have been jinxed! 
“What? Have you not seen such a handsome face before?” Jason asked with a scornful expression, feeling proud of himself because he could finally irritate Helen. 
“Hmph! I have encountered countless shameless men before, but you’re the most shameless out of them! Why don’t you head over to the war zone?” Helen remarked sarcastically. 
“Why should I head over to the war zone?” Jason had a hard time figuring out the meaning behind the double innuendo. 
She scowled at him in return. “Ha! It seems like you’re more of a shameless fool instead of a shameless man. Well, I guess you wouldn’t have brought Fabian’s love rival into the ward if you were an intelligent being!” 
Jason couldn’t be bothered by Helen’s sarcastic remark at all. He rebuked in an attempt to defend himself, “I-It’s nothing but a mistake! Why am I not allowed to make mistakes in life when even the most exceptional leaders make mistakes?”
He started boasting in a shameless manner, “What about the war zone you’re talking about? Is it because you think I’ll be able to seduce the foes of our country with my handsome face? Ha! I agree because I’m certain they’ll fall head over heels in love with me despite their gender!” 
When she heard his absurd remarks, she accidentally spat the mouthful of food she was about to swallow out of her mouth. 
Helen’s action caught everyone’s attention, including Winson. He blinked his eyes in confusion because he was right next to the conflicting duo. 
She suppressed her urge to laugh with all her might and stuttered, “I-I’m fine… P-Please carry on with whatever you are doing…” 
“Y-You—” Jason’s expression darkened as he yelled, “You’re fine, but I’m not!” 
As he was right next to Helen when the food gushed out of her mouth, they were splattered all over his face. 
“Hahaha! Oh, God! You’re such an unlucky man!” Helen burst out laughing hysterically because the face of the arrogant man was covered in food. 
Jason gritted his teeth and asked, “How dare you laugh at me?” He felt a strong urge to take her out because no one, apart from her, had the guts to pick on him since he was the successor of the Goldstein family. 
As Jason’s look was hilarious, Winson couldn’t help but chuckle. He tried his best to control his volume, but Jason heard him. 
I have never been bullied by others because I was always the one doing that! I can’t believe Helen has the guts to pick on me and humiliate me in front of so many people!
Jason made up his mind and was determined to get his revenge in the near future. 
Suddenly, Hendrick bellowed with his brows furrowed, “Helen, hurry up and apologize to Jason!” 
“Hahaha! I-I’m so sorry! I have no intention to laugh at you, but you look so hilarious!” Helen apologized when she heard Hendrick’s instructions. Nonetheless, she couldn’t control her laughter at all. 
“I-I—” Jason was at a loss for words because he was irked by Helen’s response. Just how unlucky am I to run into a devil like her? 
A gloomy expression loomed over Hendrick’s face. When Helen was born, Hendrick and his wife were no longer young. Therefore, they had been spoiling her since the day she was born. He regretted deeply for not disciplining her and deemed their neglect the very reason behind her arrogant behavior. 
Hendrick raised his volume and reprimanded his daughter, “Helen!” 
She stopped laughing and looked at Hendrick with an aggrieved look because her father had never raised his volume against her before.
###Chapter 1162
Chapter 1162 
Hendrick couldn’t stand Helen’s pitiable look anymore. He deadpanned his reply and repeated himself, “I want you to apologize immediately.” 
“Okay…” Albeit her reluctance, Helen did as instructed and apologized, “Please forgive me because I didn’t mean it either.” 
Jason rolled his eyes and kept silent at that score. Then, he got up from his seat and headed over to the washroom to wash his face. 
Since they were in the VIP ward, there was a built-in washroom in the ward. Otherwise, he would be embarrassed to show up in front of others with such an unkempt look. 
When Jason was a step away from the washroom, someone entered the ward—Fabian had returned. 
The indifferent man smirked when he saw Jason’s pathetic look. He couldn’t help but wonder the reason behind the sprightly young man ended up in such a piteous state. 
“Hmph!” Jason rolled his eyes once more before making his way into the washroom. 
He secretly held a grudge against Fabian for not defending him and even laughing at him. After all, they had been close acquaintances for years while their families had a close tie for decades. 
Thankfully, I’m smart enough to get myself a godfather to defend me. I don’t have to worry about you siding Helen in the future. 
“Hello, Uncle,” Fabian greeted the embarrassed Hendrick.
“Hey, Fabian. I have brought Hannah something to eat.” Grinning, Hendrick, who was conscious of the things Fabian had done, was glad that his daughter had met such an exceptional man. 
“Indeed, Hannah needs as much nutrition as possible since she has just undergone an operation.” Fabian looked at the soup Hendrick had brought and smirked as though he was up to no good. 
Why do I have a bad feeling about it? Is he going to replicate Mom’s recipe in the future? 
Winson got excited when he saw Fabian. He greeted, “You’re back!” 
Hannah couldn’t figure out the reason why Winson had grown fond of Fabian. She thought it was because Fabian had always been the children’s favorite. 
Fabian approached Winson and greeted him with a smile, “Yes, do you miss me?” 
When Fabian noticed Helen’s dejected look, he asked, “What’s wrong? Has anyone offended you?” 
“I think it’s because she has spat out food on Jason’s face!” Winson answered on Helen’s behalf before she could say anything. 
I have been wondering the reason behind Jason’s misery. It turns out she’s the one behind it again. 
“It’s not a big deal, isn’t it? He’ll be fine after washing his face,” Fabian replied nonchalantly. 
Coincidentally, Jason, who happened to walk out of the washroom, was completely speechless because of Fabian’s reply. 
Fabian, are you aware I’m the victim over here? I-It’s very embarrassing, okay? Can you do me a favor and stop rubbing it in front of others?
“Are you okay?” Hendrick asked and expressed his concerns when he saw Jason walking out of the washroom. 
“Uncle Hendrick, I’m fine.” Jason shot daggers at Fabian while answering Hendrick’s query. 
Initially, Fabian was surprised by the way Jason addressed Hendrick, but he soon smirked when he figured out the things Jason was up to. Oh? So you have acquired Hannah’s father’s aid because you’re afraid I will send you back? 
Helen got infuriated again when Jason started addressing Hendrick in such an intimate manner. She glared at Jason and muttered, “Hmph! I’m sure he must have deceived Dad! Just you wait until I expose your evil plan to Dad later!” 
Although she had complained in a hushed voice, Jason could hear everything she said. 
Thus, he approached her and whispered with a contemptuous look, “Nah, although I might have exaggerated things a little, I hadn’t lied! In addition to my flawless act, don’t you think it’s natural for Uncle Hendrick to open up to me? Why don’t you go ahead and try to expose me? I’m pretty sure Uncle Hendrick won’t listen to you!” 
The moment he finished whispering into her ear, he ran his fingers through his unkempt hair and replied nonchalantly, “Well, since you’re my godsister, I’ll forgive you for once because I’m a forgiving man.”
###Chapter 1163
Chapter 1163 
Helen gritted her teeth in frustration. Just you wait! 
She rebuked, “Stop behaving as though you’re older than me! Dad might have acknowledged you as his godson, but you’re supposed to be my younger godbrother!” 
“Excuse me? Are you trying to defy Uncle Hendrick’s words? On top of that, as I’m older than you, why don’t you show your elder godbrother some respect? You have nothing to lose anyway.” 
“Are you sure you’re older than me? Why does it seem the other way round?” Helen rebutted. 
“Excuse me? How old are you again? I’m twenty-three-year-old, okay?” As Jason was afraid he might be younger than Helen, he lied. Actually, he was merely twenty-two-year-old. 
Jason secretly praised himself for a job well done because Helen went dead silent at that score. He behaved as though he was her elder brother and advised her, “You need to mind your manners in the future. Otherwise, you’re going to have a hard time when you join the workforce. Besides, shouldn’t you be proud to have such a handsome and exceptional godbrother?” 
He felt so much better after he finished his orated speech. As Hendrick was his strongest backing, he finally got the better of Helen after all the humiliations. 
“What do you mean I should be proud? Ha! I guess I can never talk any senses into someone who’s born without a brain, huh? No matter what, since you’re the last to join the household, you should be the youngest! You should consider me your elder sister!” 
Jason insisted, “No! You should listen to Uncle Hendrick and take me as your elder brother!” 
“No! I am your elder sister!”
“No! YI am older!” 
“Never in a million years!” 
As the intense confrontation went on, the innocent Winson started checking on the conflicting duo repetitively. 
Hannah had enough of the mischievous duo’s interaction. She cleared her throat and told Helen, “You need to cut it off and stop embarrassing yourself in front of Winson.” After she stopped her sister, she signaled Fabian to keep Jason under control. 
Fabian was conscious of her plan. He told Jason, “Can you behave like a man and stop picking on a woman?” 
Hannah couldn’t help but despise Fabian. Wow! Says you? Why have you never once stopped picking on me? You’re the one who needs to stop threatening me! 
As Fabian took Helen’s side again, she asserted in a righteous manner, “Have you not heard Fabian’s words? Why don’t you hurry up and acknowledge me as your elder godsister now?” 
“Since you’re not listening to Uncle Hendrick, why should I listen to Fabian? You need to hurry up and acknowledge me as your elder brother!” Jason showed no signs of giving in just yet. 
“No! I’m the elder one!” 
“No! It should be the other way around!” 
Hannah was at a loss for words because the mischievous duo would wreak havoc whenever they saw one another in person. 
As she had run out of ideas, she looked Fabian in the eyes with her face puckered asking for help.
Smiling, he was surprised because it turned out there were things she couldn’t handle either. 
Since the duo’s presence and interaction were slowly getting out of control, Fabian cleared his throat and announced, “I think that’s enough. Just let it be if both of you can’t reach a consensus.” 
The duo went dead silent because of Fabian’s stern look. Jason responded with a helpless nod while Helen glared at Jason in the eyes and said, “Hmph! You’re such a despicable man! I’ll stop talking to you and read Winson a story!” 
Jason thought that was a bad idea. The last time Helen read Winson a story, she ridiculed him with a made-up story. 
As he thought about it, he sprinted over to Winson’s side and started reading him a story before Helen could start. 
After Fabian caressed Winson’s head, he turned around and returned to Hannah’s side, taking a seat on the edge of the bed. 
Hendrick took the initiative and apologized with an embarrassed look, “I’m so sorry for the trouble Helen has caused you.” 
“Uncle, it’s fine because I think it’s great to have someone to lighten up the mood,” Fabian asserted in a serious tone because he had taken a liking to Helen as women with such a straightforward character didn’t exist in his initial social circle. 
Hendrick responded with a sheepish grin and thought it was an excuse to get him out of the tight spot. When he recalled something, he asked, “Are you acquainted with Jason?”
###Chapter 1164
Chapter 1164 
Smiling, Fabian stated, “To be precise, our families have been acquainted for decades.” 
It took Hendrick a few seconds to gather his thoughts. “If that’s the case, you need to talk to his father and get him to spend some time with Jason.” 
Hendrick was reluctant to leave Jason alone when he recalled the conversation they had outside of the ward. 
Meanwhile, Fabian couldn’t help but imagine Jason’s father’s response when he found out the things the brat had been talking about behind his back. 
He chuckled after he imagined the things that might be in store for Jason. Nonetheless, he decided to play along with Jason and asserted, “Sure, I’ll talk to his father once he’s .” 
Meanwhile, in the president’s office of Jackson Group, Xavier slouched against the chair with his face puckered in irritation. He asked his assistant, “What’s my next best course of action?” 
Helplessness was written all over his assistant’s face. As Xavier’s ‘go-to advisor’, he had been assimilated with Xavier’s process of thoughts after he was hired. His EQ had certainly improved after dealing with Xavier. 
He had since become a man with all sorts of unrealistic thoughts because he would have to generate ideas that could please Xavier. Otherwise, he would risk being slapped in the face. After all this while, he had long gotten used to the man’s brutality and could no longer feel the pain. 
His assistant suggested, “Mr. Jackson, why don’t we try our luck with Ms. Young’s siblings?”
Xavier’s eyes gleamed in silence. As a result, his assistant had a hard time figuring out the things he had in mind. 
After a few seconds of silence, he added, “I think an aggressive strategy isn’t the best for the time being. The man who had shown you the way into the ward was the youngest member of the Goldstein family. He has been closely acquainted with Fabian since he was born. In short, it’s impossible to win him over and get him to do us a favor. As for those from the Blackwood family, they have been neglecting Ms. Young over the past two decades. If it weren’t because of their youngest member, I don’t think they’ll ever approach her. Hence, I’m sure Ms. Young still holds a grudge against them. As for the Young family, their aids are as good as none because they don’t get to spend a lot of time with Ms. Young.” 
Xavier found his assistant’s orated speech made sense. He nodded, indicating he was on the same page with him. 
His assistant heaved a sigh of relief because he wouldn’t have to suffer anymore. 
“According to the information I have gathered, Ms. Young shares an intimate relationship with her sister. They talk about all sorts of things. Thus, I’m sure if we can win her over and get her to persuade Ms. Young on your behalf, it’s only a matter of time before she’s influenced by her sister’s words. In order to win a woman over, we just need to get her a few cosmetic items.” 
Xavier was thrilled as it was written all over his face. He praised his assistant, “Mmm! That’s a brilliant idea!” 
His assistant got increasingly pumped up and continued elaborating, “As for her brother, I believe he plays an important role in her life as well! According to the information, he’s Ms. Young’s biological brother from the same parents. His condition was also the only reason Ms. Young had made her way back to the Blackwood family. I think it’s necessary to spend more effort to win her brother over. His
mother had passed on since he was young. As Leo spent most of his time working, he had no time to spare for his son. Although he has a stepmother, he seems to have not gotten the attention he needs from her.” 
After Xavier’s assistant shared the options available with him, he stood in front of him in anticipation of a final decision. 
Xavier massaged his temples because he couldn’t figure out the proper way to deal with Winson. In the end, he announced, “I want you to figure out Winson’s current age and procure the materials of the subjects that post as challenges to him.” 
“Mr. Jackson, are you indicating you’re going to become his personal tutor?” His assistant was surprised. Although it was a great idea to improve his relationship with Winson, it would require a tremendous amount of effort and time. 
“Isn’t it obvious? On top of that, get the cosmetic items ready as soon as possible!” Xavier’s eyes gleamed as a vicious smirk could be seen on his face.
###Chapter 1165
Chapter 1165 
Fabian, are you ready for what’s about to come? I’m about to get serious soon! We shall see if I can win Hannah over! 
In the VIP ward, Helen and Jason insisted on reading Winson a story while Fabian, Hannah, and Hendrick caught up with one another. 
Suddenly, Fabian brought something up in a serious manner. “Uncle, Hannah and I have been in a relationship for quite some time. Things are great on our end, and we share a mutual affection for one another.” 
Halfway through his speech, he turned around and looked at Hannah in the eyes. 
When she looked at him, she frowned because she recalled Heather’s request to meet her parents in person. She couldn’t help but wonder if he would tell her father they had already gotten married. 
Smiling, Fabian told Hendrick, “I think it’s about time to get you to meet my family members in person to work out the details because I want to bring our relationship to the next level.” 
I knew it! He would never bring it up since there are so many people in the ward! 
Hannah secretly heaved a sigh of relief because she would have a hard time explaining herself should he tell her father they had gotten married way beforehand. 
On the other hand, Hendrick was taken aback by Fabian’s words because the latter had made himself clear it was a proposal. However, Hendrick had his doubts—as much as he wanted Hannah to become a member of the wealthy household, he was afraid she would have it tough since she came from an ordinary family.
On top of that, he wasn’t Hannah’s biological father. He thought he wasn’t in a position to make the call since she had reunited with her biological father. 
As he thought about it, he looked in the direction of her daughter. 
Consequently, Hannah flushed and looked elsewhere when she caught a glimpse of her father’s gaze. 
Actually, Fabian had everything regarding his marriage with Hannah sorted out, yet he felt the need to discuss it with Hendrick. Although Leo was Hannah’s biological father, he had never played the role of her father. As Hannah had always been a stubborn woman, he was certain she wouldn’t want Leo to make the call on her behalf. 
After much considerations, Hendrick decided to share his concerns with Hannah and asked, “Hannah, since the Blackwood family has found you, don’t you think…” 
His daughter interrupted him before he could finish his sentence. “Dad, I will never return to the Blackwood family. You were the one who brought me up over the past two decades. I’m your daughter! Are you trying to chase your daughter away?” 
“I will never chase you away! However…” Hendrick had a hard time finishing his sentence. 
After all, should Hannah reunite with her biological father, she would get to live a care life as a member of the Blackwood family. On top of that, the Blackwood family was more on par with the Norton family. It would be great if she could join the Norton family as a nucleus member of the Blackwood family. 
“Uncle, I can’t think of a better candidate to make the call other than you. You should stop overthinking things.” Fabian interrupted their conversation and asserted in a serious manner, indicating he meant his words.
After pondering for some time, Hendrick made up his mind and announced his decision, “Alright! Once Hannah’s discharged from the hospital, let’s meet up with your family members!” 
Judging by Hannah’s expression, Hendrick was certain his daughter was serious about Fabian. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have flushed the moment she heard him. 
At such, he couldn’t think of any reasons to stop them since she had found such an exceptional man who could reciprocate the affection she had for him. 
As Fabian had been anticipating Hendrick’s consent, so he wasn’t surprised at all. 
However, Hannah’s mind had gone completely blank. She let out a long sigh because she was uncertain if she should be glad her father had given his consent. 
She felt as though Fabian had merely brought up the proposal because of his mother’s request. Should he choose to file for divorce with her after achieving his goal, she would have a hard time explaining the reason behind their divorce to her parents. 
Hannah got increasingly worried because Fabian hadn’t told her father they had gotten married, she wondered how the conversation would go on during the meeting of both families.
###Chapter 1166
Chapter 1166 
After talking about some trivial matters for another few minutes, Hendrick told Fabian he would be leaving. He thought of bringing Helen away with him, but Helen insisted on staying behind to keep her sister company. Thus, he caved in to his daughter’s request. 
Since Jason had such a rare opportunity to improve his relationship with his godfather, he volunteered to send Hendrick home. 
After Hendrick’s departure, Helen told Hannah, “Can I spend the night at your place?” 
Hannah was stupefied because she had long moved out of her leased apartment and moved into Fabian’s place without telling anyone. 
“What? Are you going to turn me down? Is it because you have moved into Fabian’s place?” Helen directed another question at Hannah since her sister hesitated. 
Hannah was genuinely perplexed because of Helen’s question. She planned to make something up and send her sister home, but her sister’s speculation was spot on. I can’t possibly tell her she has hit the bullseye, can I? 
“Huh? Are you serious? Have you acquired Dad and Mom’s consent beforehand?” Helen was shocked because her joke turned out to be the case. 
“I-I’ll allow you to stay with us, but you’re not allowed to tell Dad and Mom!” After giving it a thought, Hannah decided to tell Helen the truth. 
Her sister shook her head and suggested, “If that’s the case, let’s forget about it. Since we’re talking about Fabian’s place, I can’t possibly spend the night at his place when you’re not around. I’ll check myself into a nearby hotel.”
Suddenly, Fabian broke the silence and announced, “Don’t worry. I’ll arrange your accommodation for the night in a bit.” 
Are you kidding me? How can I allow my sister-in-law to spend a night at the hotel when I own a freaking real estate company? 
As Helen was afraid of troubling Fabian, she shrugged her shoulders and suggested, “Actually, can I stay here and keep Hannah company instead? I don’t really feel safe to entrust her to the nurses.” 
“That won’t be necessary because I’ll be staying back for the night,” Fabian announced nonchalantly. 
“H-Huh?” Hannah and Helen simultaneously gaped at his reply. 
“Are you sure you want to spend a night in the ward? Don’t you have anything else on your schedule tomorrow?” Helen expressed her concerns. Actually, she was glad and considered her sister lucky because she had gotten herself a wealthy and loyal spouse. 
As she thought about it, she was overwhelmed by a heartwarming sensation because there were only a few men of his status who would stay loyal. 
Out of the blue, the absurd idea of him forsaking his job for her crossed her mind. Am I going to be blamed for that? 
As she was worried that would turn out to be the case, she suggested, “Why don’t you return home and take a break? You have turned down so many appointments after spending the entire day taking care of me. I don’t want to get in your way anymore.” 
Fabian asked, “Why have you made it sound as though I can’t take a break in the ward?” 
“Huh? What exactly are you up to? Are you going to sleep on the floor?” Hannah was confused. Fabian would have to sleep on the floor because she had occupied one of the two beds in the ward while the
other one was occupied by Winson. 
“Oh! I think I know what’s going on!” Helen’s eyes narrowed to a slit with a vicious smirk. 
The curious Hannah looked at her sister and asked, “What?” 
Nodding, Helen announced with a bright grin, “I’m pretty sure he is going to sleep by your side!” 
What? Is this a joke? Is he really going to squeeze by my side when it’s a super single bed? 
Hannah’s eyes widened in disbelief in anticipation of Fabian’s reply. 
What if he insists? Since he’s such a domineering man, I’m pretty sure he won’t listen to me even if I turn him down! 
Her process of thought had spiraled out of control as she imagined all sorts of things. 
“Hmm… Actually, that’s quite a great idea,” Fabian asserted with a serious look and nodded in return.
###Chapter 1167
Chapter 1167 
Judging by his rhetorical question, Hannah let out a long sigh of relief and knew she had overreacted. 
The curious Helen asked, “If that’s the case, where are you going to sleep?” 
Hannah, who was equally confused, added, “Can you stop keeping us in the dark?” 
Fabian smirked because he had successfully piqued the sisters’ curiosity. He decided to play hard to get and announced, “Why don’t you see for yourself when the time comes?” 
“Urgh! Can you stop playing hard to get?” Helen rolled her eyes and replied in a petulant manner. 
He responded with a smile and brought himself out of the ward in silence. 
“Hannah, since when have you started cohabiting with Fabian? Why haven’t you mentioned anything about it?” The moment Fabian departed, Helen started interrogating her sister. 
As she had embarrassed herself in front of Winson for one, she had learned her lesson to mind her words. Hence, she took a peek at him and ensured he had fallen asleep before directing the question at her sister. 
“I-It’s about two to three months ago. A-Am I supposed to tell you I have moved over to my boyfriend’s place when you have never asked?” The diffident Hannah stuttered because she had been staying with Fabian for a year. Nonetheless, she couldn’t tell her sister the truth. Otherwise, Helen would have the shock of her life. 
“Two to three months? Correct me if I’m wrong, but you’re still single the last time we met each other a few months ago. Considering the fact you have moved over to his place for at least two months—”
Halfway through her speech, Helen tried to figure out the entire timeline. Suddenly, she sprang up from the chair and exclaimed, “Have you moved into his place one month into your relationship with him? Goodness gracious! Hannah, I’m impressed!” 
Why have I forgotten something so important? I should have been more alert with the dates! I wonder if she’s going to have another shock of her life if she figures out it’s actually a year besides the fact that we’re actually married? 
“Are you sure you’re not trying to keep me in the dark on purpose? I’m pretty sure you have forgotten about this beloved sister of yours because he’s the only one you care about now!” Helen continued teasing her sister. 
“Can you stop pulling my leg? Actually, we’re not exactly cohabiting because we spend most of our time in our respective rooms.” 
Her sister arched her brows, indicating she had her doubts. “Nah, I’m pretty sure you’re lying.” 
“I-I’m not!” Hannah was completely speechless because Helen refused to believe her when she finally told her the truth for once. In spite of spending most of their time in their respective room, Fabian would often sneak his way into her room in the middle of the night. 
To be precise, most of the time Fabian wasn’t home. Whenever he made his way home in the middle of the night, Hannah had fallen asleep. Thus, she had no idea he had been sleeping next to her because he would rouse from his sleep way ahead of her in the morning. 
“Well, I guess I’ll have to believe you since I can’t do anything to prove my hypothesis right.” 
Hannah knew there wasn’t anything she could do to prove herself innocent anymore. 
Suddenly, a thunderous ringtone could be heard as Helen received a call.
It was some aggressive rock music. 
Hannah burst out laughing when she heard her sister’s ringtone. She asked, “Oh, God! What’s wrong with your ringtone? Are you into some sort of heavy metal band?” 
“Hmph! That’s none of your business!” Immediately after Helen retrieved her phone, she rushed out of the ward. 
“Please stay!” Suddenly, the voice that could be heard out of the blue horrified Hannah. 
She subconsciously turned around and looked at Winson who started talking in his sleep. 
What’s going on? Has someone shown up in his dream? Does that mean he’s also in love with someone? 
Hannah shook her head and stopped herself from overthinking things since she was about to get her parents to meet Fabian’s family members in person. 
After being on the end of delivering my blessing over the years, I guess it’s finally time for me to be on the receiving end, huh?
###Chapter 1168
Chapter 1168 
I don’t really need anyone’s blessings because Fabian’s presence is the only blessing I need in life! 
No matter what’s in store for us, I will brace myself through the challenges! Hopefully, the man I have in mind is as equally determined as I am! 
When she lost herself in a train of thoughts, she could feel a strong breeze as someone forcefully opened the door and barged into the ward. 
Is it necessary to open the door in such a brutal manner? 
Hannah shook her head and asked Helen, “Who’s on the phone? Why have gotten so worked up after a call? Is it your boyfriend?” 
“It was!” Helen gasped out her reply. 
Hannah knew something was wrong with Helen. She asked, “Was? Does that mean he has called to break up with you?” 
Her sister added, “His current girlfriend has made the call on his behalf and ridiculed me for being a fool!” 
“What?” Hannah started burning with rage because of the absurdity behind the incident. She asked, “What has she told you? Have you not defended yourself?” 
How could he leave such an exceptional woman and have an affair with another woman? 
“Nah, I have no intention of wasting my time with this imbecile,” Helen replied nonchalantly, making it sound like it had nothing to do with her.
“No! What makes her think she has the right to ridicule you? How could that jerk turn his back against you?” Hannah yelled because she would never allow her sister to go through such humiliations. 
“He’s from a relatively ordinary family. After getting into a relationship with another woman from a well- off family, he decides to ditch me. Do you really think he’s worth my time?” 
“How could she ridicule you when you’re not the one at fault? Wait…” Hannah got increasingly infuriated the more she thought about it. She would never tolerate such discrimination against her sister. 
Helen interrupted and consoled her infuriated sister, “Don’t you think it’s a waste of our time to pick on them?” 
She was equally infuriated when she received the call, but after she gave it a thought, she found herself lucky. Otherwise, it would be too late if she were to figure out he was a jerk after getting married to him. 
Helen diverted the topic and asked, “Are you going to get married to Fabian? I heard him asking Dad to meet his family member in person just now! When is it? You need to pick the day I’m , okay? I want to tag along too!” 
As Helen insisted it wasn’t a big deal, Hannah decided to mind her own business and forget about it. 
“Mmm! The tentative agenda is to get Dad and Mom to meet Fabian’s mother in person after I’m discharged from the hospital.” Although a wedding ceremony would soon be held, Hannah wasn’t particularly glad because she was afraid of the potential conflicts awaiting her. 
“Hannah, overthinking things isn’t going to bring you anywhere. You need to stop reminding me of the predicament I have gone through because it’s over.” Helen thought Hannah was upset because of her
break-up. Little did she know Hannah had something else in mind. 
Hannah shook her head and queried, “Speaking of which, don’t you think it’s time for you to change your ringtone?” 
Her sister retrieved her phone and announced, “Well, I’m just about to change it.” 
Before she could change it, she received another call again. 
After mustering all her strength and snatching the phone from Helen, Hannah picked up the call and yelled, “Hello? Have you no shame at all? Who gives you the audacity to call my sister? You’re the one who doesn’t deserve her! What the hell is wrong with you? When you’re in a relationship with her, you won’t appreciate her, yet when it’s over, you can’t stop irritating her! We don’t have that much time for jerks like you! Stop calling her in the future since it’s over! Am I clear?” 
After Hannah hung up the call, she returned it to Helen and said, “We don’t need to hold back on jerks like him! He won’t stop picking on you if you don’t retaliate against him and let him know you’re serious! Moreover, he’s going to get ahead of himself if you’re intimidated by him!”
###Chapter 1169
Chapter 1169 
Since Hannah had hung up the call, there wasn’t anything Helen could do to change the outcome. Thus, she played along and stated, “Alright, Hannah. I’ll keep that in mind.” 
The moment she picked up her phone and took a peek at the screen, she was dumbfounded because the call was from an anonymous instead of the jerk. 
As Hannah noticed the odd expression on Helen’s face, she wondered if something was wrong. What is it? Hadn’t she just said she would keep my words in mind? Why’s she gaping at her phone again? 
Helen said in a hushed voice, “Hannah, I have something to tell you.” 
“What is it?” 
“I-I think we have taken things out on the wrong person—that wasn’t a call from that jerk.” 
“H-Huh? Whose call could it be if it wasn’t a call from him Why hasn’t he stopped me from yelling at him?” 
“I have no idea! It’s from a number I have never seen before!” Helen replied with a sheepish grin because she found it hilarious. 
She had no intention to blame her sister and found their goofy response adorable. 
The heartless Helen stated, “I think the person on the other end is equally confused because he was scolded the moment you answered the phone. Do you think he’s wondering if he has done anything wrong as of now?”
Chuckling, Hannah said, “I think he’s thinking if he has accidentally called some lunatic because I hung up the call as soon as I finished taking things out on him! I think you should call him back just in case he’s trying to reach you for something urgent.” 
Her sister nodded and reverted back to the anonymous figure immediately. 
“Hello?” A man’s hoarse voice could be heard once the call was picked up. 
“H-Hey, my friend had picked up the call because she thought it was her phone. She ended up scolding you, but please forget about it because it was nothing more than a misunderstanding,” Helen explained the reason behind Hannah’s harsh words. 
“It’s fine. I didn’t take it personally either.” The man’s nonchalant reply made it sound like it wasn’t a big deal. Helen found the man’s euphonious voice familiar and thought she had met him before. 
“Thank you so much for your kind understanding.” Helen paused before asking, “Who are you? What brings you to me?” 
“I’m your sister’s friend, Xavier. I have dropped by the ward in the afternoon. Do you remember me?” Xavier, who was on the other end of the line had made the call in an attempt to win Helen over. 
Staring at Hannah in the eyes, Helen asked with her brows arched in confusion, “Mr. Jackson? May I know what you need from me?” 
Correspondingly, Hannah was rather confused by the reason Xavier had approached Helen. 
“It’s not a big deal. I have called because I wish to buy you a meal.” 
“You want to buy me a meal? When?” Helen asked after pondering the suggestion for a short while.
As Xavier was afraid Helen would turn him down, he suggested, “Well, that’s entirely up to you, Ms. Young! We can head out for a meal whenever you’re , but it will be better if you’re able to join me today.” He knew it would be crucial for him to win Helen over to gain the upper hand in the race to court Hannah. 
“Hmm… Why don’t you give me a few minutes to think about it? I’ll get in touch with you if I’m heading over.” Helen rolled her eyes and dismissed the man. 
The very moment Helen hung up the call, Hannah asked her sister before could put her phone aside. “Why has Xavier called you?” 
“What else could it be? I’m pretty sure he’s trying to bribe me to do him a favor.” Grinning, Helen’s eyes narrowed to a slit as she made fun of her sister again. “Hannah, you’re such a charming woman! He has offered to buy me a meal when we have just met this afternoon. I’m quite certain he has a few gifts in store for me. Can you get another few backups like these and send them my way to bribe me?” 
Hannah rolled her eyes and reprimanded her sister, “He’s not a backup, okay? Mr. Jackson is merely a friend of mine! You need to watch your mouth and stop spreading rumors!”
###Chapter 1170
Chapter 1170 
“Oh? An ordinary friend, huh? Why don’t I have such a wealthy friend who won’t stop approaching me? I was there when he was about to start a fight with Fabian, okay? You don’t have to worry! Your secrets are safe with me! Why don’t you tell me everything now?” Helen raised her hand, indicating she swore upon her name. 
“I have nothing to tell you! Also, you need to stop spreading baseless accusations!” Hannah was conscious it was another one of his sister’s attempts to pull her leg. She soon put on a serious front and warned, “It’s fine for you to join him for a meal, but you’re not allowed to take anything he offers you, okay?” 
“Huh? Why? Don’t you know I’m a conscientious woman? How can you ask me to let someone down?” 
Hannah was rendered speechless by her sister’s shameless reply. 
“Can you please take this seriously? Are you aware of the awaiting you if you accept his offers?” Hannah would never allow her sister to accept Xavier’s offer because she knew how awful it felt to be indebted to someone, especially when she was still indebted to Fabian. 
“Okay…” Helen replied with her lips pouted. 
Knock! Knock! Knock! 
Suddenly, someone knocked on the door. 
Hannah was afraid another odd figure might show up, but she still said, “Come in.” 
“Ms. Young, Mr. Norton has instructed us to bring another bed here.”
Hannah stared at the bed with an open mouth and thought to herself. Why has he brought this bed here? Is he serious about spending a night in the ward? 
Meanwhile, Helen came to a revelation when she saw the bed being wheeled into the ward. Is this where Fabian is going to sleep? 
She exclaimed, “He’s such a brilliant man!” 
Staring at the bed that would require the collective effort of four people to move it around, Hannah begged to differ. Brilliant? Why is he making a fuss when he’s only here for a night? Can’t he get the nurse to get him a bed from the hospital? Is it necessary to bring such a big bed here? 
Fortunately, the VIP ward was relatively spacious as compared to the other wards. Otherwise, there was no way they could fit the huge bed. 
When Fabian marched into the ward, he nodded, indicating he was satisfied since the bed was placed right next to Hannah’s bed. 
Hannah glanced at him and appreciated the slightly over-the-top initiative he had taken to keep her company. It was something she could only imagine back in the day because he would only pick on her and tease her back then. 
After he dismissed the onlookers, he told Helen, “Your accommodation is ready. Since it’s getting late, I’ll show you the way over so you know your way around.” 
Helen, who had always been a straightforward person, answered, “Okay.” 
Fabian turned around and looked at Hannah in the eyes and announced gently, “I’ll be back after I show her the way to her accommodation for the night.”
“Mmm! Get going then!” 
Prior to her departure, Helen leaned over and whispered in Hannah’s ears, “You need to appreciate him, okay? You can’t afford to let such a lovely man slip out of your grip.” 
After they departed, Hannah was left behind with an asleep Winson. 
Sitting on the bed, Hannah muttered to herself, “Is Fabian everyone’s favorite? Why has Helen grown fond of him so soon?” 
She heard the sound of the leaves rustling outside of the window. As a result, Hannah’s mind was all over the place again. Whenever she was alone, the image of Fabian would cross her mind. 
His flawless facial features, sturdy figure, as well as his pair of big palms he had always used to tease her, flashed back in her mind. Hannah shook her head and tried to shrug his image off her mind, yet her effort was to no avail. 
“Wow! You’re a man with a deep pocket!” Helen announced with her eyes widened in disbelief when she saw the Rolls Royce that was parked in front of the entrance.
###Chapter 1171
Chapter 1171 
Fabian opened the door and beckoned Helen to board the car in a courteous manner. 
“Thanks, Fabian!” Helen was all smiles because she was pleasantly surprised. She then boarded the car as invited. 
After Fabian returned to the driver’s seat, the luxurious car whizzed through the bustling streets. 
On their way to Helen’s accommodation for the night, the excited woman asked, “Fabian, can you let me use your car in the future?” 
She thought it was an inappropriate request. Thus, she added, “Don’t worry! I’m a qualified driver! Your car is in good hands with me!” 
As he shook his head, she thought he was about to turn her down. 
Thus, she pursed her lips and secretly complained to herself. 
Hmph! He’s such a stingy man! Fine! I think it’s better to stay away from such a luxurious vehicle because I can’t possibly afford the hefty maintenance fees either! 
“If you like it, I’ll get you one,” Fabian replied as though it was just another trivial matter. 
“Huh?” Helen stared at him wide-eyed and thought she had been hearing things when he offered to get her one. 
She tried her best to calm herself down and rebuked, “That… that won’t be necessary because I just want to give it a try.”
It was the first time in forever she had the opportunity to board such a luxurious car. As she had just acquired her driving license, she merely wished to give it a try. In short, she dared not accept such a precious gift from him. 
Fabian took her words seriously and decided to give her one since Helen was her sister-in-law. “You don’t have to be shy because I have another two which are currently left in the garage. I’ll get someone to bring you the key to the car soon.” 
What the heck? Are you freaking serious? 
Oh, God! Should I consider myself lucky or what? I mean, I’m so close to obtaining a luxurious car for , yet I’m not allowed to accept it! 
Helen wanted to accept the gift, yet she dared not because Hannah would definitely ask her to return it. On top of that, she couldn’t possibly afford the maintenance fee that would easily cost her a fortune. 
She repeated herself and turned him down. “Let’s forget about it because I can’t even maintain my current lifestyle, let alone maintaining a car. Speaking of which, is there any place I can buy some clothes here?” 
Helen had headed over to the hospital the moment she returned. Thus, she didn’t have her clothes with her. As she would be spending the next few days there, she needed a few extra sets of clothes. To prevent troubling her parents, she decided to buy them. 
“You want to buy some clothes? I’ll bring you to a boutique after checking in to the room.” Fabian replied while looking out the window. It seemed he had something else in mind. 
Helen nodded and tapped on Fabian’s shoulder, asserting with a smirk, “Since you’re such a great brother-in-law, I won’t turn my back against you!”
He turned around and queried, “Oh? What do you mean?” 
“Mr. Jackson, the one who had brought Hannah a bouquet, asked me out for a meal with him. Initially, I was about to turn him down, but I have changed my mind and decided to join him for a meal with a different goal in mind—to defend you. Don’t you think I’m an awesome sister-in-law?” 
“Does that mean I have successfully earned your trust?” 
“I think so?” Helen shrugged her shoulders and said, “Actually, it doesn’t really make any difference anyway.” 
“Why?” 
“Isn’t it obvious? I’m pretty sure you’re the one my sister wishes to spend the rest of her life with. Mr. Jackson is, at most, a close acquaintance of hers.” 
Really? Does that mean I’m actually a huge part of Hannah’s life? Why does it seem to be the other way round? 
He felt great because of the positive remark from his sister-in-law. He had no intention to play humble. Instead, he reaffirmed with a proud look, “That’s definitely true!” 
Soon, they reached their destination—a neighborhood full of villas. It was one of Fabian’s company’s many projects. When the guard caught a glimpse of the vehicle registration plate, he unlocked the gate because he knew Fabian was inside the car.
###Chapter 1172
Chapter 1172 
“I wonder which celebrity Mr. Norton is bringing home this time,” the guard murmured to himself. 
The car came to a gentle halt, and an elaborately built villa lay in front of Helen. She was astounded by its grandeur and the power of money. 
The chauffeur then opened the door, and two of them stepped out of the car. 
Helen followed Fabian as he walked into the villa. Wow! She was blown away by the decor, design, and expansive space. It was poles apart from her house. 
“This will be your home from now on,” Fabian spoke calmly as he passed Helen the keys. 
Oh dear, how much would it cost if this were a hotel… 
“Wait a sec.” Helen finally came back to her senses. “Are you saying that I’ll be staying here, this humongous house, alone for the night?” 
He said that I’ll be staying here from now on. What does that mean? Is he giving me the house? 
“Why? Are you scared to be alone?” Fabian gave out a smirk 
“Hmph! It’s not a big deal.” Helen took the keys and added, “Once Hannah’s fully recovered, I’ll return them to you.” 
“Just keep them. You can stay here when you visit Hannah. It’s not too far from her place.” 
What!
He’s really giving this villa to me? But Dellmoore’s like a super expensive area, and this place is deceivingly palatial! It must’ve cost a few tens of millions at least, I supposed. 
“I think it’s okay. I’d get a good scolding from Hannah if she knew about this,” Helen rejected his kind offer. At the back of her head, she thought that Fabian was too much of a spendthrift. She understood that she was his sister-in-law, but giving her a car and a villa on their first meeting was definitely a little unexpected. 
She knew that he was a money-making machine, but little did she know that his spendings knew no bounds. She assumed that he rose to the position of CEO simply because his father owned the company. 
“Alright. I’ve had the rooms cleaned. Let’s go get you some clothes,” Fabian said. 
Helen paid no heed to his words and went frolicking through all three floors. She had a good time trying out the furniture. 
When she came to a bed on the second floor, her eyes glimmered. She took a massive leap and dunk! She started swimming in those soft pink sheets. This is where I’m gonna sleep tonight! 
Helen could tell that Fabian had changed the room’s decor and color tone to suit her liking. 
Only after she had inspected every single room, she got into the car with Fabian and headed to the mall. 
“Oh my, isn’t this Helen?” Helen and Fabian heard a cackle before stepping into the mall. 
Fabian located the source of the voice and started to check the person out.
The woman looked somewhat of Helen’s age. She was in a short black dress with lace trimmings that showed off her beguiling silhouette, and her silver heels accentuated her womanly grace. What turned Fabian off was her stagy make-up. 
Helen’s face was as dark as coal, and her fingers unconsciously curled into a tight fist. 
She knew her perfectly well. That woman was the one scoffing at her over the phone just now. 
She was Howard’s new girlfriend, Shania Wandrie. 
“Let’s go.” Helen didn’t want to quarrel with her in front of Fabian, thinking it might affect how he would think of Hannah. 
She had no clue that Hannah’s strong and tough character was exactly what drew Fabian to her. 
“Hey, Helen. You’ve just got here, and you’re leaving now? Before you even start shopping? What’s the rush?” Shania found pleasure in the fact that Helen was trying to evade her. But this evil woman wanted to crush her dignity.
###Chapter 1173
Chapter 1173 
“Hmm, I wonder who this is. I know! Aren’t you fast, Helen? Howard just ditched you, and see what you’ve got yourself so soon? What a slut.” 
Shania looked at Helen contemptuously and turned to the man standing behind herself. “Howard, it’s plain to see that Helen’s a slut, right? Good thing that you’ve made the right choice. Who knows if she was already cheating with him when you guys were together.” 
She then clung her hands onto his biceps and leaned her cheeks onto his, trying to make Helen’s hackles rise. 
As for Howard, he bobbed his head to every word Shania said and praised her. “Oh, Shania. I’m lucky to have you. If it weren’t for you, I wouldn’t have been able to see her true colors.” 
What! 
What nonsense is this! I’ve had enough. Do you think that I’m a ball which you could kick around as you like? 
Helen was as cross as two sticks. She couldn’t care less about how Fabian would judge her. She wasn’t having it. She lunged towards Helen and blabbered, “Who are you to criticize me, huh? Don’t you have anything else better to do? Did you just call me a slut? Then what are you? Look at the scores of boyfriends you had back in school. You just can’t help but snatch them from other girls, can you?” She then looked at Howard. “And you, Howard. You call yourself a man? I was blinded by god- knows-what when I was with you. I can’t believe that you let yourself dwindle into her arms for money. You’re no different from those gold-diggers!”
Helen raised her voice and was on the top of her shaming game. Passers-by came to a stop when they heard the commotion and saw four of them standing in the middle of the mall entrance. 
They heard Helen’s bawl and criticism started to brew around Howard and Shania. 
Both of them were mortified and their cheeks flushed in embarrassment. The recount of their past and present despicable led to a frenzy of rage. 
“Bullsh*t! I didn’t dump you for Shania. And what you said about her was unfounded!” Howard’s finger was shuddering in anger when he pointed it at Helen. 
“Oh, so you think that was unfounded? Well, you know what you did, so there’s no need to explain though.” Helen smirked unexpectedly but no one knew if it was because of his ridiculous comeback, or was she laughing at her naivety back then? 
In a flash, Helen took Fabian’s hand and walked into the mall. 
Fabian was amused by how stupid Howard and Shania looked and let Helen do whatever she wanted to. 
Once they were out of the crowd, Helen let go of his hand and shyly explained where all that came from. “Fabian, sorry for being so unpolished back there. But I was really angry at how they lied so blatantly as if I did something wrong.” 
Yup, She’s Hannah’s sister alright! They share the same temperament. Fabian couldn’t help but chuckle. “It’s alright as long as you’re still in the mood for shopping.” 
“They really drive me crazy! Anyway, let’s not talk about them anymore. We need to start shopping as we’re visiting Hannah soon.” Despite her boiling rage, Helen didn’t bother to deal with them anymore. If it weren’t for Shania’s mean words, she would’ve just walked away from the start.
“Welcome, sir and madam. How may I help you?” A shop assistant greeted Helen. 
“Oh, I’m looking for some blouses.” 
Before the shop assistant could say anything, Shania interrupted. “I can’t believe that you’d dare to step into a shop like this. Can you even afford anything here?” 
Shania was born with a silver spoon in her mouth. Being pampered since young, the humiliation at the mall entrance was too much for her to bear.
###Chapter 1174
Chapter 1174 
The shop assistant threw some suspicious glances onto Helen and Fabian. 
“What do you mean if I can afford anything? It’s just two pieces of clothing.” Helen pressed her lips in annoyance. 
She did notice that this mall was larger than the one she had always shopped at. But how much could two blouses possibly sum up to? 
“Hah! Do you think this is one of your favorite thrift shops? Let’s see if you can afford it.” Shania was persistently putting Helen down. They went to the same school, and Shania had never seen Helen worn or carried anything branded. The former highly doubted if the latter could pay for the clothes. 
As for Fabian, he was totally ignored. Shania assumed that he feared her since he didn’t defend Helen during the squabble. 
Helen gave Shania a sidelong glance, took a step forward, and picked out a blouse. She drew it close to her torso to gauge the size. “I’d like to have this in a small,” she requested while passing the garment to the shop assistant. 
Hmph! I need to stand tall. It’s only going to be a couple of thousands. I can work to earn that money back, but there’s no way I’m going to lose face. I’m so going to shatter your haughtiness, Shania. Who do you think you’re looking down on? 
The shop assistant stood still like a coat rack. “Hey, didn’t you hear what I said?” Helen was upset. 
It wasn’t that the lady didn’t hear her, but she was convinced that Helen didn’t have the money. Helen was in a white shirt and distressed jeans, whereas Fabian donned an average stoic black suit. That didn’t shout rich. On top of that, Shania was a regular there. It’d only be wise to go according to her will.
“Do have a look at the price,” the shop assistant uttered indifferently. 
That got on Helen’s nerves. What’s wrong with you people? It’s just a blouse! 
She took the blouse back, and the price tagged jolted her eyes as wide as two magnifying glasses placed side by side. What! Twenty-five thousand! This is daylight robbery! 
Even committing a robbery would take more effort… 
Shania was delighted to see Helen in shock. “See? You’re as poor as a church mouse. This is certainly not your place.” 
The shop assistant went with the flow and started to deride them as well. “Just admit that you’re broke. Why act like you are someone wealthy? Do you know where you should go shopping? Definitely not here.” 
Smack! 
Fabian gave the lady a tight slap on the face. “What a snob!” 
“Argh!” she howled in pain and glared at Fabian. “How dare you!” 
The rest of the shop assistants scurried to help her up, but no one made a sound. No one dared to risk their being slapped on their cheeks. 
Shania stalled in stupefaction. Never had she imagined that he would fight back. In her opinion, he was nothing but a scaredy-cat who wasn’t even capable of defending Helen in a quarrel. 
It wasn’t only Shania who was shocked. Helen was trying to pick up her jaw from the ground too. She knew that Fabian would come to her rescue, but she didn’t expect him to give the shop assistant a thundering slap. In fact, no one did.
He must’ve decided that it’s easier to let it out on a shop assistant. I bear the name of Wandrie. What’s there to fear? Shania then inched closer to Helen and hissed, “So? You’ve decided to throw a tantrum after figuring out that you can’t afford it? There’s no place for such lowly behavior here. Helen, bring your beast to beg for mercy now, and I might consider forgiving his outrageous actions.”
###Chapter 1175
Chapter 1175 
Shania was bound to the idea where both of them were penniless and came from low social status. Her overbearing arrogance perked her chin towards the sky, acting all supercilious. 
Helen only rolled her eyes. 
Is she looking at Fabian with her nostrils! 
Smack! 
This blow landed on Shania’s face. 
Serve her bl*ody right! You’re the man, Fabian! 
Who knew Fabian would dare to slap Shania. Also, it was heavier than the previous one. Helen soothed her cheek with her hand as if she too felt the stinging slap. 
Shania was thrown onto the floor, and the slap left a crimson mark on her face. She held her face and hysterically bellowed, “Argh! How dare you! Howard, he hit me! Hit him back!” 
Seconds after the shout, she pulled out a phone and made a call. 
Howard dashed forward and hurled a punch at Fabian. 
Helen’s pores tightened in fear. She knew Howard perfectly well. He was on the basketball team, and that was the exact reason she got together with him. A punch from him would knock Fabian out! 
Argh! If I’m gonna die, so be it! Fabian slapped them to defend me, anyway!
Helen planned to take a punch for Fabian. It wasn’t that she doubted his capabilities, but no one would believe that a company’s president would be on par with a basketball player with washboard abs. 
Right when she slotted herself in front of Fabian, a hand pushed her to the side. Before she knew it, Fabian had struck Howard’s stomach with his foot. 
Howard was driven a few steps back. He felt a fiery pain right where Fabian kicked him. He couldn’t believe that a guy shorter than him thrashed him. He darted his eyes at Helen who was thrown on the floor and put the blame on her. 
She jumped in to block my view, and he kicked me when I got distracted. This b*itch! She has actually teamed up with him to quash me! 
Howard had decided that whatever happened was smartly calculated by Fabian and Helen. 
“You brat! You’re dead meat!” Howard roared and plunged towards Fabian. 
Helen was on edge. That’s it. Fabian’s gonna be knocked out… 
Contrary to what she’d thought, Fabian tackled Howard’s fist head-on with a punch without a tinge of fear. 
Both of them stepped back at the same time. Fabian’s numbed knuckles made him frowned. He didn’t expect Howard to throw a punch that hard, but he remained composed, and his eyes followed Howard closely like a vulture eyeing its prey. 
Howard had the eyes of a wild beast. He smacked his lips and raised his fist. “Today will be the day where I’ll knock all your teeth out.” 
Fabian slithered his hands towards his belt and narrowed his eyes. “You are welcome to try.”
“Stop! Both of you!” A voice interrupted in the nick of time. 
It was the chief security officer and some of his men. 
“Who are you to tell me what to do?” Howard rebutted in an unwavering manner, believing that the security guards would be on his side since Shania was there. 
“Just shut up and stop. Do you understand?” One of them instructed shrewishly. What the hell, what does he think security guards do? 
“Don’t just stand there! Can’t you see that I’m being assaulted? Hit that bastard! Why are you stopping Howard?” Shania’s blood boiled as she commanded them. 
“Oh, it’s you, Ms. Wandrie!” The chief security officer recognized Shania. 
“Duh! Beat him up! Now!” Shania had lost all her patience. 
The chief security officer got his men and did as told.
###Chapter 1176
Chapter 1176 
Shania was over the moon and shouted in excitement. “Give it your all, boys! Go at it hammer and tongs! I’ll answer for it.” 
Fabian glared at Shania before giving the security guards a warning. “Keep your hands where they are. Or else…” 
Helen’s palpitating heart pushed her to jump into the rescue. “Stay right where you are! He’s Mr. Norton!” she yelped. 
The men froze. Howard chortled scornfully, “Hahaha! Stop your nonsense, Helen. Have you ever seen a CEO fighting in a mall? Is that the best you’ve got?” 
That triggered the laughing bone of the security guards too, and they turned a deaf ear to her words. 
Fabian gave them a piercing stare. “This is your last chance. Stand back!” 
“F*ck your last chance. You don’t know what situation you’re in. Whack him, boys!” The chief security officer knew who Shania was and was hoping that his favorable action would earn him a promotion. Her words could change his life forever. That was why he put on his best game. 
But before he had time to draw breath, Fabian whipped him with the belt that was securely sitting around his waist seconds ago. 
The metal buckle hit him right on his skull and sent him howling in pain. He got more agitated. You filthy little rat! How dare you mess around and beat me in my territory! I’m going to get you! 
There was an unexpected warm trickle down the side of his head, and he tried to figure out what it was. Oh my god! His hand was covered in blood. “Boys, don’t hold back! He’s gonna meet his maker today!”
the chief security officer yapped. 
All he wanted to do now was to kill Fabian. The injury on his head didn’t stop him from charging at Fabian. But he learned his lesson, so he let his men do it instead of leading the pack himself. 
Fabian’s grip tightened to the extent where the veins along his arm engorged. 
Helen was all impressed, she saw Fabian was exuding an air of eminence, like Alexander the Great leading his army in a war. 
You are so cool, Fabian! Bravo! She then got up and walked towards Fabian. 
As the security guards marched closer, Fabian spotted Helen closing in too. 
Give me a break. Why are both the sisters so stupid? What is she trying to do? 
Fabian could either fight the men where Helen might get hurt in the process, or hold her in his arms to protect her. 
He chose the latter and pressed her head into his chest, safeguarding her from any harm. At that very instant, a punch catapulted towards him. 
“Mr. Norton!” someone shrieked in time before damage was done. 
He, together with a few buff men of towering heights, came running to Fabian’s rescue. 
The security guards held their ground and started analyzing those men. 
“Why stop? Go on!” The chief security officer swung his fist towards the back of Fabian’s head.
Bonk! The leader of the big men leaped and kicked the chief security officer right on his chest. Fabian’s head was spared, but his shoulder took the blow. 
“Ow!” The chief security officer was sent flying and crashed onto the floor. 
“Forgive us for our tardiness, Mr. Norton.” The owner of the flying kick quickly got up and bowed to Fabian apologetically. 
He then signaled his men to siege the security officers. 
As for the chief security officer who was still on the floor, all he could think of was what awaited him. Oh my god. What have I gotten myself into! That brat is really Mr. Norton! I’m a goner… 
Wait a minute. The Wandrie family also holds power in this city. I did it for Ms. Wandrie and this man slapped her, didn’t he? Some nice words from her might solve the problem!
###Chapter 1177
Chapter 1177 
The chief security officer looked at Fabian vengefully and thought he might be lucky enough to get away. 
Fabian’s brows spiked in pain when he gave his shoulder a brisk rub. “It’s okay now.” He calmed Helen down. 
Helen burst tears of relief and wailed. She felt a strong lurch from Fabian while being cradled in his arms. That punch on the shoulder must’ve been very strong. 
She was deeply touched by what Fabian had done to protect her, and it made her like him even more. 
“It’s okay. There’s no need to cry.” He softly patted her shoulder as he consoled her. 
Helen tried her best to resist her urge to cry. Fabian had now acquired her trust and also a harmonious relationship. 
I’m glad that Hannah found a reliable man like him. 
“Well, what you did just now was very much like what your sister might’ve done too,” Fabian tittered in amusement. 
“Haha. That’s what they say about sisters! We share all the good and bad.” Helen broke into a giggle. 
Fabian then turned towards the men with a face as cold as stone. “Who was the one who punched me?” 
His voice wasn’t disruptively loud, but it was threatening enough to make everyone quiver.
“I shall ask this one last time. Who did it!” This time, his voice exploded like a grenade and almost tore everyone’s eardrums. 
Undoubtedly, something bad was happening. They were dealing with the devil. 
The chief security officer was perspiring profusely in a cold sweat. Since his fate was already sealed, he might as well roll the dice and own it up. It was improbable that he could get out alive, but who knows what miracles Ms. Wandrie could do. With that, he clenched his teeth and admitted. “It was me!” 
Fabian threw him a vile glance and a devilish smile. “Impressive. You’re a brave man. Sadly, there’s no reward for it.” 
Fabian’s silent grin sent chills all over the chief security officer’s system. 
Tap—tap—tap…The whole mall was so quiet that only Fabian’s footsteps were audible. 
As he drew nearer, the chief security officer mustered some courage and defended himself. “I… did it to pro…tect Ms. Wandrie!” 
Fabian crouched down. “Oh? Is that so? Do you think she could save you? Why don’t you check with her and see if she’s willing to do that for you?” 
The chief security officer immediately tossed his desperate eyes towards Shania. 
She caught sight of Fabian’s ruthless aura and responded with a crumpled face. If she didn’t save the security officer, no one would risk their lives for her in the future. But the thing is she didn’t know who Fabian actually was and couldn’t gauge how far he would go. She’s like a cat on a hot tin roof. 
“Who dares bully the daughter to Kyron Wandrie?” A sonorous voice disentangled her scruffy thoughts and drew a wide smile on her face. “Dad, I’m here!”
Fabian got up and turned his head towards the source. It was a middle-aged man waddling in wearing a maroon suit stuffed by his barrel-like torso. A few silver strands adorned his dark hair, and his eyes were sharp and deep. He must’ve been hustling in business for a good period of time. 
Kyron steadily walked to his daughter. When he walked past Fabian, something told him to slow down. He’d seen him somewhere before. 
Fabian gestured for one of his men to come closer. After he whispered something into his ear, the man trotted out of the shop. 
“Oh, Shania. What happened to your face? Tell me who did it.” The reddish remnant from Fabian’s slap caught Kyron’s attention. Shania was the only child in the family, thus getting all the undivided love from her father. 
“Dad, you won’t believe what atrocious ordeal I went through!” And out poured her tears, as if she really went through hell.
###Chapter 1178
Chapter 1178 
“My dearest Shania, tell me what happened. I’ve got your back.” Kyron caringly stroked Shania on the back. 
“Dad, he slapped me so hard and left this on my face!” Shania pointed at Fabian angrily. 
“What? He slapped you!” Within seconds, Kyron switched into a raving mad mode and glared at Fabian. In his deep and husky voice, he bellowed, “Nobody gets to bully my dearest daughter—the heiress to the Wandrie family!” 
Fabian was at ease, still. He jaunted towards Kyron and gave an impish smile. “So, what do you want?” 
“You are paying for your deed!” Kyron’s eyes bulged in rage. 
His bodyguards encircled him, and he remained undeterred. He’d been through enough to handle situations like this. “Violence won’t put a stop to this. You do understand that the society we live in is all about money?” 
“Oh? Are you trying to educate me?” Kyron’s talk about money almost cracked Fabian up. The Norton family was the biggest financial group in the nation. Hence, it was rather ridiculous of the Wandrie family to look down on them. 
Another bunch of men with batons in their hands marched in and formed a ring around Fabian. 
“Young man, what I was trying to say was know your place. You wouldn’t wanna be of disadvantage, would you?” The snigger on Kyron’s face shouted victory. 
Shania was all peppy, assuming that she had the upper hand. She went up to Fabian and started to poke fun at him. “Weren’t you all high and mighty just now? Have you turned mute? I’m a lady with a
big heart, though. All you have to do is drag that woman over here and apologize for what both of you’ve done. On top of that, a compensation of around a million would straighten things out. 
Kyron nodded in agreement to Shania’s proposal. He could also see that Fabian was from a prominent family and didn’t want to burn bridges. However, his precious daughter would always come first. 
The chief security officer was more than relieved to see the story unfold. He reckoned that luck was on his side. The Wandrie family was still a prestigious name after all. 
“Mr. Wandrie, do you think that’s fair? Better think it through. I shall take it as a silly suggestion by Ms. Wandrie, who’s young and inexperienced, and leave it like that.” Fabian was calm and composed when he threw this question to Kyron. 
His words got Kyron’s attention. He looked at Fabian and fell deep into his thoughts. After all, he had gotten guileful from jostling in the business world all these years. He noticed that Fabian wasn’t just an average Joe. He must’ve been an heir to a reputable family. Even if he wasn’t, he was sure to have a bright future ahead of him. 
Seeing her dad hesitated, Shania softly yanked Kyron’s arms and started complaining pitifully. “Dad, look at what he has done to my pretty face? If you forgive him, everybody’s gonna bully me in the future!” 
“Calm down, Shania. He’ll get what he deserves.” Kyron’s love for his daughter overwrote his rationality. 
“Tsk, tsk, tsk. That’s too bad.” Fabian shook his head and let out a sigh. 
“Hmph! You are damn right it is too bad! Are you gonna say sorry?” Shania snarled.
Fabian stood confidently and refused to utter a word. There was not even a slightest hint of worry on his face, instead he was brimming with confidence. 
Fabian’s stubbornness sparked Kyron to respond. “If that’s the case—” 
Brrr—Brrr—Brrr… It was Kyron’s phone. There seemed to be a smile on Fabian’s face. 
“Hello, what’s the matter?” Kyron forced out a smile as he spoke on the phone. 
“Mr. Kyron, due to your reputation, the Phoenix Group has decided to stop our collaboration with you.”
###Chapter 1179
Chapter 1179 
“What? What did you say?” Kyron looked confused. What’s with my reputation? What’s the problem? What’s going on? 
Before Kyron could react, he received another call and immediately plastered a smile on his face. “Hi there, how can I help you?” 
The person from the other end of the phone said something similar, “Mr. Wandrie. Due to the bad reputation of your company, the Goldstein Corporation would have to terminate all the contracts with you.” 
What? Another company wants to terminate their contract because of our reputation? What on earth is happening? 
In the next few minutes, Kyron had received at least ten calls in one shot. All of them expressed their intention to stop working with his company. 
“The Cloudin Group wishes to end our business partnership with you due to your company’s bad reputation.” 
“I’m sorry, Mr. Wandrie, but the Veraston Group has decided to terminate all our contracts with you as your company’s reputation is at stake.” 
Kyron went on and answered several more calls. Finally, he exploded. “Are you calling to tell me your company wants to cut ties with us too?” 
“Nope.” 
Kyron froze for a moment and instantly apologized, “I’m so sorry. I’ve overreacted earlier…”
“I call to find out if you wish to sign up for our insurance package to protect your company against any reputational damage.” 
Are you kidding me? Anger swept over, and Kyron instantly threw his phone to the ground. The color drained out of his face, and he shot daggers at Fabian. 
Did he do all this to my company? How is it possible? He’s just a young man! No way. It can’t be him. I must have offended someone influential, and he’s doing this to punish me. 
“So, do you think you’re still capable of getting rid of me?” Fabian gave him a sidelong glance and said a confident voice. It came so naturally from him. 
“You did all these?” Kyron was struck dumb and staggered. He stared at Fabian in shock and asked, “Who… who are you?” 
Shania’s face turned pallid, and she, too, began to tremble. “Dad, what’s going on?” 
Kyron started breaking out in cold sweat. He clenched his fists but was utterly tongue-tied. 
“You want to know who I am?” Fabian let out a mirthless laugh. “Have you heard of the Phoenix Group and Norton Corporation?” 
“Oh no!” Kyron gasped in disbelief. He staggered for fell on the ground. Hopelessness was written all over his face, and he could not stop his body from trembling. 
“What Norton and Phoenix? Why are you afraid of him? There are so many of us!” Shania roared. Though she knew Fabian was quite a big shot, she was not ready to give in. 
She inched closer and raised her voice. “Dad!”
Kyron was still stunned. Instead of waiting for her father to react, Shania decided to take matters into her own hands. 
“All of you!” Shania started screaming at Fabian and his men. 
All of a sudden, Kyron stood up and gave Shania a tight slap. “Are you crazy? You want to destroy the Wandrie family?” 
“Dad!” Shania’s eyes widened in disbelief. 
“Shut the hell up!” Kyron roared. He walked toward Fabian and instantly toned down his voice. “It’s all our fault, Mr. Norton. Please forgive us.” 
The arrogance on his face had completely disappeared, and he looked aged after knowing that Fabian was from the Norton family. At this point, he no longer had the guts to offend him anymore.
###Chapter 1180
Chapter 1180 
Helen was so confused. She did not know why there was a total change in Kyron’s behavior after answering several calls. 
“I’ve given you a chance, but you didn’t appreciate it,” Fabian said in a calm voice. 
Upon hearing that, Kyron’s expression turned grim, feeling absolutely crestfallen at the turn of events. 
This is the end of the Wandrie family. We’re doomed. The blood, sweat, and tears I have poured into Wandrie Group over the years have gone in vain! 
Being able to work with the Phoenix Group and Goldstein Group was the greatest achievement in life. Yet, now… 
“But…” Fabian suddenly offered Kyron a glimpse of hope but did not complete his sentence. 
Kyron’s eyes brightened as a ray of hope was ignited. “Is there anything I can do for you, Mr. Norton? I’ll do anything for you. Just anything!” 
Kyron turned around and looked at Shania with a scowl. “Apologize to Mr. Norton right now.” 
She recalled what her father said earlier and began to realize Fabian was not to be messed up. She unwillingly went up and apologized. “Please forgive my ignorance, Mr. Norton.” 
Fabian tilted his head and knitted his brows. He was obviously unhappy with how insincere she was. 
Kyron gave her shoulder a whack and grunted, “Apologize properly right now!” 
Why do I have to go through all this? It’s all Helen Young’s fault! It’s all that b*tch’s fault!
Shania was hopping mad, but she knew she had to suppress her anger and plea more sincerely, “It’s all my fault, Mr. Norton. Please forgive me!” She lowered her head and bowed. 
“How about my sister?” Fabian asked nonchalantly. 
What? He’s that b*tch’s brother? Since when does she have a brother? 
How is it possible? She’s broke as hell in school! 
Rage throbbed in Shania like a heartbeat, but she had no choice but to seek Helen’s forgiveness. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have offended you.” 
Helen could not help but think of how ridiculous Shania looked. I can’t believe someone as arrogant as she would set aside her ego to ask for my forgiveness. 
Instead of watching Shania shed her crocodile’s tears, Helen turned to Fabian and said, “Come on. Let’s go.” 
Fabian nodded. He gave Kyron a sullen glare before leaving with Helen. 
“Take him.” A muscular man pointed at the chief security guard, who was lying on the ground. 
The color drained out of the security guard’s face, and his eyes were full of fear. He knew he had made a grave mistake by offending a powerful man. 
He turned around and gave Shania a murderous look. It was all her fault! 
The father-daughter duo froze as they watched Fabian’s men took the man away. 
“Dad… they…” Deep in Shania’s heart, she refused to give in, but upon seeing how angry her father was, she could only swallow her pride.
“Look what you’ve done? Why are you such a troublemaker? I’m so ashamed to even call you my daughter!” Kyron exclaimed, “And how on earth did you step on his toes? He might have let us off, but this incident would definitely affect the operation of our company!” Kyron was so mad at her that he almost wanted to end her life. 
“I…” Shania clenched her fist while her expression turned grim. 
It’s all your fault, Helen Young! I’ll make you pay the price for what you’ve done! An eye for an eye! 
“Shut the hell up and just stay at home from now on! Stop giving me more problems!” Kyron reprimanded. His mind was in a mess right now as he needed to think of a proper way to inform the shareholders about the company’s situation.
###Chapter 1181
Chapter 1181 
“Why are you still standing here? Get the hell out and go home!” Kyron yelled. 
Shania gritted her teeth. She gave her father a sidelong glance and stormed out in a huff. 
“Don’t you ever think of taking revenge against him, you hear me? Stay home and stop doing stupid things that’ll bring down the family!” Kyron warned and left in anger. 
Besides the Wandrie family, Howard had also gone through quite an emotional roller-coaster. He ditched Helen to be with Shania, yet, this happened. 
This dramatic episode had dampened Helen’s spirit. She decided to leave after picking a few pieces of clothes from another store. 
“It’s getting late, and you should be delivering dinner to Hannah soon. Don’t worry about me. I know my way home,” Helen said with a cheeky smile, “Go, go, go! I bet Hannah misses you terribly!” 
Fabian nodded. He snapped his fingers, and one of his men ran to him immediately. 
“Send Ms. Young home,” he ordered. 
Meanwhile, the VIP ward in the hospital was quite happening. Leo, Lyna, Felicia, and two other caretakers were looking after Hannah and Winson. 
“Eat this, Hannah.” Lyna wanted to show that how much she cared for her. “I bought this soup especially for you. It’s good for your health.” 
Instead of caring for her own brother, Lyna paid full attention to Hannah. She only did this because she was afraid that Hannah might find out she had tried to harm her.
Hannah was taken aback by her sudden enthusiasm. “Thank you. I’ll have the soup myself. You don’t have to feed me.” 
“I’m happy to do this. You’ve suffered enough, and I feel so sorry for you. Now that you’ve returned to our family, I must take good care of you!” Lyna plastered a smile on her face. 
Hannah hesitated for a moment before responding, “All right then. Thank you.” 
Lyna grinned and fed her with a spoonful of soup. 
Leo was all smiles upon seeing how close they were. Initially, he was afraid that Lyna and Hannah might not get along. 
“By the way, who moved this thing here?” Leo pointed at the exquisite-looking bed, which did not look like it belonged to the hospital. 
“Fabian brought it here…” Hannah felt a little embarrassed. 
What? Why did Fabian bring this lounge chair over? Is he planning to stay here with Hannah? 
Lyna looked at the chair and squinted disdainfully for a moment before hiding her feelings behind a smile. 
Leo could sort of guess why Fabian did that. Instead of making things more awkward, he laughed and said, “It looks like he really cares for you.” 
Leo felt luck was on his side after knowing Hannah’s boyfriend was Fabian. Not only was Leo pleased that Fabian had rescued his son, but he was also proud to have a powerful man as his potential son-in- law.
The corners of Leo’s mouth quirked up, and he said, “Now that you’ve returned to the Blackwood family, I guess it’s time for us to amend your family name.” 
Lyna froze for a bit upon hearing that. So she’s going to be one of the Blackwoods soon? Does that mean she’d get a bigger share of the family inheritance? 
Hannah did not pay attention to Lyna’s expression as she was taken aback by Leo’s suggestion. “Change my family name?” 
Leo understood why Hannah reacted in such a manner. After all, she had used her current name for many years. “Of course. You’re my daughter, so you’re one of us—the Blackwoods.”
###Chapter 1182
Chapter 1182 
To Leo, it was only natural for his children to carry his family name, and he wanted to uphold the tradition. 
“I’m sorry, but I don’t intend to change my name,” Hannah outright rejected. She added, “I’d have been dead if my Dad didn’t pick me up from the street. You found me only because you wanted me to rescue my brother.” “How can I change my family name all of a sudden?” she explained, “I can’t do this to the Young family.” 
Lyna smirked. Thank God she turned down the offer. 
Leo, on the hand, knitted his brows. He was obviously unhappy with her answer. “But you’re my daughter. How can you carry their family name?” 
Upon noticing how quiet Hannah was, Leo decided to soften his approach. “I’m doing this for you. When I retire, I want you to take over some of the family businesses. 
“You’d then have a steady source of income to take good care of the Youngs. You have a younger sister too if I’m not mistaken? We can offer her a job in our company.” 
Leo was only willing to do this because he knew he would benefit greatly since Fabian was his boyfriend. Once Hannah had officially become a Blackwood, Leo was certain that Fabian would give them all the support that they needed. 
Felicia was clearly unhappy with this arrangement. She got rid of Hannah and her mother years ago to ensure she could get her hands on the Blackwood’s inheritance. Don’t tell me this woman is coming back to steal it away from us? 
“No. I’ll not change my family name.” Hannah stood firm.
I don’t even care about their inheritance. If I’m so money-minded, I would have gotten my hands on Fabian’s wealth. 
Leo was surprised at how persistent she was. The Blackwood family was wealthier and more prominent than the Youngs, yet she was not tempted by the offer. 
Hannah had a determined look on her face, and she refused to budge. 
“Let’s not force Hannah if she doesn’t want to change her family name, okay? We should be glad that we’ve found her,” Lyna said. She acted as if she was on Hannah’s side. 
Lyna was overjoyed upon knowing that Hannah had no intention of taking on the Blackwood family name. 
Hannah looked at Lyna and expressed her gratitude with a nod as she thought the latter was genuinely concerned for her. 
To this day, Hannah still believed that Felicia was capable of getting rid of her mother since that woman kicked her out of the house even when she was only a child. 
In return, Lyna gave Hannah a smile and responded with a nod too. 
How cute. I would have liked you, Hannah, but too bad, you are getting in the way. Lyna laughed silently. 
“Let’s not talk about that anymore, okay? Why don’t you tell us about Fabian? How did you two get together?” Lyna immediately diverted their attention. She did not want Leo to harp on the same issue as she was afraid Hannah might eventually give in and agreed to change her family name. She also wanted to take this opportunity to gather more information about Hannah.
“Mr. Norton and I…” Hannah said hesitantly, “We’re actually not together.” As a journalist, Hannah understood the danger of becoming a subject of gossip, especially when she was associated with a man from a prominent family. This was why she had to be very cautious with her answer. 
Leo was struck dumb. They’re not a couple? How is it possible? Fabian himself has confirmed their relationship yesterday morning! He even brought a bed over, so he could stay here and accompany her. Why would he do this if they’re not together? 
Lyna expressed her dismay as she felt Hannah was hiding something from them. “Oh, well. I guess I shouldn’t ask further since you’ve not willing to tell us more.” 
That remark put Hannah in an awkward position. On the one hand, she did not want Lyna to detest her, but on the other hand, she could not tell the truth. “Fabian is actually my brother!”
###Chapter 1183
Chapter 1183 
Hannah paused for a bit before she continued, “You all know I’m a journalist, right? My company assigned me to interview him, but he didn’t want to entertain me. I waited for him and begged him to give me some time. In the end, he agreed…” 
Hannah continued making up two stories to convince the Blackwoods that Fabian had acknowledged her as his sister. 
She then gently cleared her throat and looked at Lyna, hoping that she would buy her stories. 
Hannah’s face blushed instantly as she was not used to telling lies. Upon noticing how her cheeks turned pink, Lyna thought she was embarrassed and believed her stories. “Ah, so that explains your relationship with Mr. Norton. I would have thought you two are together had you not told me this.” 
Lyna did not doubt her explanation because she believed Hannah would have told everyone the truth if she had someone as perfect as Fabian as her boyfriend. 
Yet, another question popped up in Lyna’s mind. Why did Fabian say she’s his girlfriend then? 
All of a sudden, Fabian opened the door and walked into the ward. 
Upon seeing Fabian standing by the door, Hannah instantly called, “Hey, I told them about us.” 
Please cooperate with me. Please! 
Fabian could not help but laugh silently. What is she up to now? 
His lips curled into a smile as he walked closer. “All right then. We have nothing to hide anyway.”
Hannah heaved a sigh of relief right away. She was glad that he played along. Otherwise, she would have a hard explaining herself to this group of people. 
Lyna no longer had any doubts about Hannah’s stories now. She was delighted to know that they were not in a relationship. 
Lyna and Leo looked at Fabian and greeted him. 
Fabian smiled and responded with a nod. 
He would not even bother to entertain them if it were not for Hannah. Though Lyna was quite a beauty, and he had had a fling with her in the past, Fabian was no longer the Casanova he was before as he had developed strong feelings for Hannah. 
“I’m so grateful that you’ve taken some time off to visit my daughter,” Leo said with a grin. He was trying his best to get in his good books. 
“She’s my sister. It’s my duty to take good care of her,” Fabian responded with a brief answer. He then walked up to Hannah and asked, “How are you feeling?” 
Every time Fabian showed concern like this, Hannah’s heart would skip a beat. “Yeah, I feel much better now.” 
“Come. Let me.” Fabian took over the bowl from Lyna. 
He wants to feed her? Why would he do that if he only treats her like a sister? 
Lyna decided to play nice since she wanted to leave a good impression on Fabian. “I’m so glad that you really care for Hannah. Come, take the seat.” She stood up and made way for him.
As someone with great social skills, Lyna knew what to do to please a man. That was why she gave up her seat and let him sit next to Hannah. 
Fabian nodded but did not thank Lyna as if it was something she ought to do. 
“I’ll get Amelia to make this soup for you in the future.” Fabian blew on the soup in the spoon to cool it down before putting it near Hannah’s mouth. 
Hannah nodded, and her face blushed instantly. 
While Hannah thought what he did was sweet, Leo, on the other hand, was offended by his remark. Did he imply the soup we brought is not good for her? 
“Hello? Mr. Jackson?” Helen picked up her phone and called Xavier. After the incident at the fashion boutique, she decided to help Fabian.
###Chapter 1184
Chapter 1184 
“Yup, that’s me. How can I help you?” Xavier got a little excited when he received her call. To him, getting Helen’s approval would be his first step to winning Hannah’s heart. 
“I can’t have dinner with you tonight, I’m sorry. Something caught up,” Helen said apologetically. 
“Oh. Don’t worry about it. I’ll see you next time then.” Xavier could only suppress his dissatisfaction because he could not offend Helen. Fabian and Hannah seem close to one another, so I must gain Helen’s favor. 
At that point, Xavier did not know Helen had officially joined Team Fabian now. 
“If I may ask… Do you have feelings for Hannah?” Helen asked. 
“I’m sorry?” Xavier was surprised by her question. What sort of a question is that? 
“I think you like my sister. I can tell.” Helen paused for a bit and continued. “You’ve been nice to me all this while, so I have decided to lend you a hand in order to repay your kindness.” 
Lend me a hand? Does she want to help me? Xavier was at a loss for words for a moment. She wants to help me even when I’ve not actually done anything for her? I guess luck is on my side? 
Upon realizing Xavier’s hesitation, Helen explained, “All right, all right. I’ll let you know why I’m doing this. So you see, I had dinner with Mr. Norton earlier, and I can’t stand his snobbish attitude. That’s why I trying to keep my sister away from him.” 
Helen continued putting on a show. “Well, it’s fine if you don’t need my help. I thought you’d be a nicer man than that arrogant Mr. Norton. Mmm, never mind then!”
Xavier instantly believed her and was glad that Fabian had dug his own grave. “Hey Helen, that’s not what I meant. I’m so happy that you’re willing to help me out.” 
Helen let out a cold snort and kept mum. 
“I shouldn’t have doubted you. Please forgive me, okay?” Xavier tried to salvage the situation. 
“Fine. I’ll be the bigger person and forgive you,” Helen said. 
“You’re a helpful and magnanimous person indeed, Helen.” 
Helen had to take her hats off to Xavier and his bootlicking skills. There was even a point she actually felt bad for doing this to him. 
“All right. Let’s get back to business. Hannah has a unique hobby,” Helen said. 
“What is it?” Xavier instantly paid close attention to what she was about to say. 
“She likes to collect notebooks.” 
“Notebooks? What kind of notebooks?” Xavier could not quite understand Hannah’s hobby. 
“Have you seen those notebooks that come with a lock? Kids like to write their secrets in it,” Helen described. 
She paused for a bit and continued, “As you know, my parents took her into my family after the Blackwoods threw her out of the house. I noticed she’d always carry a notebook with her which she’d always draw and write stuff on the pages. My Mom would tell her bedtime stories, and some of the stories are also from the notebook. She liked it so much that she’d always place it by her bed.” 
“I see.” Though Xavier had not seen the notebook before, he could imagine how it looked.
“So what you can do is, get a similar notebook, write down how you feel about her on the pages, and give the notebook to her. I’m sure she’ll be happy to receive it,” Helen suggested. 
“Got it! Thanks for the tip. I owe you big time!” Xavier expressed his gratitude. 
“Nah, I’m only doing this because I really can’t stand that arrogant man,” Helen reiterated this to make her sound more convincing. 
“Don’t let that snob spoil your mood. He’ll learn his lesson once he’s out of this competition.” Xavier laughed.
###Chapter 1185
Chapter 1185 
“Oh, one more thing. You must get a pink one. Hannah loves that color, and make sure you draw a Cupid on the first page. I bet she’ll like it.” Helen felt it was time for her to stop. “That’s all. You better go and prepare it now. I hope you’ll take good care of Hannah once she becomes your girlfriend!” 
“I promise I will treat her well!” 
Xavier ended the call and with a smile on his face. Ha! I guess I should be grateful to Fabian for screwing things up for himself. Thank God I’ve contacted Helen and befriends her. Otherwise, I wouldn’t know this secret about Hannah. She’ll be mine soon! 
Xavier snapped his finger and ordered his assistant, “Go and buy a pink notebook that comes with a lock. Choose a really nice, do you hear me?” 
“A notebook. Do you mean the kind of notebook kids used to write their secrets? Are you sure? What do you need it for?” The assistant wondered. 
Xavier’s expression turned grim. He slammed the back of his assistant’s head. “Just shut up and get one right now!” 
“Why do you have so much to say? Is it time for me to fix you?” threatened Xavier. 
The assistant exclaimed in pain and massaged his head. “I’m sorry. I’ll go and get it now.” 
Meanwhile, at the hospital, Leo and Lyna were ready to leave the ward. 
“All right. Take care.” Fabian said casually without paying much attention to the couple. 
“See you, Mr. Norton.” Leo nodded and bowed. He did all he could to please Fabian.
Compared to Leo, Lyna obviously knew a more practical way to leave a good impression on Fabian. She walked toward Hannah and grinned, “We got to go now. I’ll come and visit you tomorrow, okay?” 
“All right. See you soon,” Hannah responded with a smile. 
Once the Blackwoods left, Fabian teased Hannah. “So, tell me since when you have become my sister?” 
Fabian was not afraid that Winson might hear him since he had fallen asleep. There were only two of them in the ward. 
“Stop teasing me.” Hannah lowered her head in embarrassment. 
“Someone’s very good at making up stories, huh?” Fabian continued teasing. “I bet you’ll do well as an entertainment journalist.” 
“You expect me to write gossips about celebrities?” Hannah knitted her brows and stared at Fabian. 
Fabian chuckled. “Wow, someone’s ego has blown up.” 
Fabian said, inched closer, and stuck his face in front of hers. 
Hannah looked away and answered sheepishly. “No, I’m not.” 
Fabian refused to give in. He got up to her bed and leaned next to her. 
Every time she moved away from him, he would come closer from behind. 
In the end, she had come to a point where there was no space for her to move anymore. 
What are you going to do now? Do you think you can run away from me? Where else can you run?
Fabian gave her a smirk. He was not ready to stop what he had intended to do. 
Hannah’s eyes widened as she knew what Fabian wanted. “Do you even remember I’m a patient?” 
Hannah hoped that Fabian would sympathize with her and let her off.
###Chapter 1186
Chapter 1186 
However, she did not get what she wanted. “Who gave you permission to address me by name?” Fabian inched closer to her dismay. 
He was so close to her that she could feel the heat from his breath on her face. 
“I…” Hannah was at a loss for words. I want to fight back, but I’m scared of what he might do if I were to anger him… He isn’t like most other people, after all… 
“Well?” Fabian pressed on and kissed her on the lips before she could respond. 
Naturally, Hannah didn’t dare resist him and let him have his way with his tongue in her mouth. 
Fabian was even running his hands all over her body, and only stopped when it reached her breasts. 
Hannah couldn’t help but shudder as she let out a shy moan in response, her face burning bright red like a newborn baby. 
Her reaction only turned Fabian on further, and he increased the intensity of his kiss by moving his tongue all over the inside of her mouth. 
Having gone numb and blank from his barrage of kisses, Hannah found herself returning the kisses just as aggressively. 
She would slide her tongue into his mouth slowly, only to pull back suddenly out of fear and panic. Eventually, she came to learn how warm it made her feel after repeating the process several times and got bolder with her kisses.
After what seemed like an eternity, Fabian was finally able to suppress his raging lust and slowly let go of her. 
The sudden halt snapped Hannah out of her euphoric state, and she pouted at him when she felt the pain on her tongue from their aggressive kissing. Before she could say something, she noticed the huge bulge on Fabian’s pants and shut her eyes tightly as she blushed hard. 
“What’s the matter? You weren’t acting like this a moment ago!” he asked with a mischievous smile. 
Damn you, Fabian! This is all your fault! I wouldn’t have reacted that way if it weren’t for what you did… Hannah thought to herself as she looked away in embarrassment. 
Fabian grinned in satisfaction when he saw her all flustered and decided to stop teasing her any further. “I ran into Helen’s ex-boyfriend when we went shopping for clothes today.” 
“Huh?” Hannah was surprised. From what I know, Helen’s ex-boyfriend had dumped her for someone else because of money… To make matters worse, he’d even try to bully her whenever he sees her! Well, I don’t think anyone would be able to bully her with Fabian by her side, though… 
Unable to contain her curiosity, Hannah bolted upright and asked, “What happened then? Tell me!” 
Fabian told her everything that happened during their encounter with Shania earlier in the day, much to Hannah’s delight. 
“Hmph, the evil shall slay the wicked! That’s what she deserves for bullying Helen!” 
Hannah was really close with her sister, so she nearly lost it when she heard about how Helen had been bullied. 
“Who are you calling wicked?” The look in Fabian’s eyes turned cold as he prepared to kiss her again.
Hannah quickly covered her mouth with her hands. “I… I wasn’t talking about you! I was talking about Shania! Yes, that’s right! She’s wicked for bullying Helen!” 
“Who are you calling evil, then?” Fabian pressed on while grabbing hold of her wrists. 
“I… Helen! That’s right, I was talking about Helen! She’s become quite evil ever since you came into her life!” Hannah stammered. I’m sorry, Helen! Please don’t blame me for saying this! I had no choice! I don’t mean it!
###Chapter 1187
Chapter 1187 
“Oh? So you’re calling Helen evil, huh? Okay, I’ll tell her you said that tomorrow!” Fabian said with a devilish grin on his face. 
He wasn’t actually going to do anything, but Hannah took his joke seriously and got worked up over it. 
Fck you, Fabian! How despicable can you get, you shameless bstard? Fine, go on and tell her if you want! I’ll just get a scolding from her at worst, which is still a hundred times better than letting you torture me like this! 
“How much did you pay for Helen’s clothes?” Hannah asked all of a sudden. 
“What, you want to pay me back?” 
“Duh! We agreed that I wouldn’t be spending any of your money, remember?” 
“Hmm… Let me see…” Fabian stroked his chin as he thought about it. “I think it was a little over four thousand, but… Seeing as you’re so sincere about paying me back, let’s just round it up to five thousand instead!” 
Hannah was so shocked that she choked on her saliva. “I’m sorry, what? F-Five thousand? Are the clothes made of gold or what?” 
She then pouted as she grumbled under her breath, “I can’t believe you’d try to con a poor girl like me when you’re so damned rich… You rich people are all bloodsuckers… Every single one of you…” 
Fabian could faintly hear her grumbling, but he couldn’t quite make out what she was saying. “What did you say?”
“N-Nothing! I was just thinking about when I can finally clear off this debt!” 
“Hmm… I do have an idea, but I’m not sure if you’re up for it.” 
“Huh? What is it?” 
“It’s simple, really. In fact, it’s something you’ve done before.” 
“What is it? Tell me!” 
“By having sex with me. Since you’re quite good-looking, I’ll consider taking a thousand off your debt every time you do that. What do you say?” Fabian replied. 
“A thousand per session? That means I’d owe you…” Hannah started doing the math in her head and shouted at him angrily when she found the answer, “Go to hell, Fabian! Just you watch, I’ll work hard and pay you back in cash!” 
Hmph! How dare he suggest such a thing? That’s basically prostitution! This is unbelievable! He is just too much! 
“Oh, boy… Looks like it’ll take forever for me to get that money back…” Fabian sighed and shook his head. 
“Hmph! Who would’ve thought the president of Phoenix Group would be so calculative!” Hannah snapped back at him. 
Fabian wasn’t mad at her for saying that, but he decided to mess with her anyway. Fine, you want to go there? I’ll show you calculative! 
Fabian then looked her in straight in the eye and said in the most serious tone possible, “Okay, since you put it that way, I’ll get calculative with you. So, these are the current interest rates for banks… And
these are the current interest rates on the black market… I’ll give you a bit of a discount and go for somewhere in between the two, so you owe me…” 
As expected of the president of Phoenix Group, he sure is ridiculously talented in business and finance… My goodness, I can’t believe the head of the largest company in the country is seriously being so calculative with a girl like me! 
Hannah thought to herself as she heard him read out a long string of numbers. 
“Hmph! You are nothing but a miser!” Hannah then cleared her throat as she changed the topic, “Anyway, where did you have Helen stay?” 
“Lyon Gardens,” Fabian replied.
###Chapter 1188
Chapter 1188 
Lyon Gardens? If I’m not mistaken, that’s a villa housing estate not far from here… Well, given how rich Fabian is, I bet he could afford tons of villas anyway! 
Fabian let out a chuckle when he saw Hannah in deep thought. “What, are you thinking about how much you would owe me for the villa? How about we do three thousand a night?” 
Hannah rolled her eyes at him. “Fine! Three thousand a night it is, then! You are worse than a loan shark!” 
Fabian nodded. “Hmm… Looks like renting out property is quite a profitable business, after all!” 
“I…” Hannah knew he was joking, but that didn’t make her any less annoyed by what he said. 
“Do you think Lyna is a good person?” Fabian asked all of a sudden. 
“Why do you ask? Remember, we made a deal that we wouldn’t get involved in each other’s private matters!” Hannah said angrily when she thought about how calculative he was moments ago. 
“Oh? Since when? Why am I not aware of this?” Fabian sounded so surprised that it was as if such a conversation had never taken place. 
“Huh? We both agreed on this back then! Why are you denying it now?” 
“I don’t care! If I don’t remember it, it doesn’t exist!” Fabian blurted casually and ignored Hannah’s protest. 
“I… You…” Hannah didn’t really know what to say in response until she recalled the contract they signed. “Hmph! I knew you’d play dumb! Good thing we signed a contract!”
“Oh? Is that so?” Fabian asked with an amused look on his face, causing Hannah’s confidence to waver a little. 
What’s he saying? He was the one who proposed that we sign a contract back then! I seriously thought of him as being very protective of his money! 
“Like I said, we do have a signed contract, so don’t you ever ask me anything about my private matters!” Hannah would never have dared talk to Fabian like that had she not been angered so much. 
Fabian simply laughed it off and kept quiet as he thought to himself. Heh, I can’t believe this girl would try to threaten me with that contract! Very well, I’ll hide your copy of the contract tomorrow! Let’s see what you’ll do then! 
Damn, I should’ve thought about the contract sooner! Fabian wouldn’t have been able to bully me that much if I did! 
With that in mind, Hannah said gleefully, “That’s right, we should just mind our own business as stated in the contract! We…” 
The smile on Fabian’s face vanished the moment he heard that, and his expression turned ice-cold with rage in an instant. Hannah felt a shiver down her spine when she noticed the change and went silent immediately. 
“Oh? Who gave you the courage to take that tone with me, eh?” Fabian asked with a very cold expression. 
Hannah felt an inexplicable sense of fear when she saw him acting like this. 
“I…I’m sorry…” Hannah knew he would take any further resistance as an act of defiance and punish her hard for it. Not wanting to go through that abuse again, she had no choice but to give in.
“Well? Can you answer my question now?” Fabian pressed on with a hostile expression. 
“Yes…” Hannah replied, feeling relieved that he had dropped the topic.
###Chapter 1189
Chapter 1189 
“I think Lynnie is a nice person, and she cares about me too. What Felicia did was wrong, but her actions had nothing to do with her daughter,” Hannah continued after a brief pause. 
Lynnie? Heh, you two sure got all chummy real quick… Did she brainwash you into defending her or something? Lyna’s a scheming woman, and her mother is no different! I may not have any evidence at the moment, but she’s definitely the reason your mom committed suicide! 
Fabian faced a moral dilemma as he wanted to warn Hannah about them, but he didn’t want to ruin the innocence in her. 
Unaware of his thoughts, Hannah felt angry and frustrated when she saw him sit there in silence. 
Hmph! All you do is bully a weak little girl like me every day! Why don’t you go bully someone else instead? You meanie! I know he has his reasons for asking those questions, and he probably means well, but… The way he does things just pisses me off so much! 
“I see… Don’t mind me, I was just asking.” In the end, Fabian decided not to tell her about it so he could maintain that innocence of hers that he really treasured. 
What a weirdo… Hannah thought to herself as she said, “No problem, just ask all you like!” 
She gave in not because she wanted to please Fabian, but because she was afraid of angering him. 
Fabian found her response amusing. Who would’ve thought that the headstrong and fearless Hannah would say something like this? Guess I should be a little more aggressive with her to remind her who’s boss! 
“So, what do you plan on doing about your mom’s death?” he asked in a gentler tone.
He knew Hannah was the kind who would prefer to mind her own business but would also retaliate without hesitation if she was provoked. As such, he couldn’t fathom why she would be so casual about her mom’s suicide. 
Hannah found herself at a loss upon hearing that as well. 
Despite what I said, I don’t really know what to do. So many years have passed, and Felicia seems to be the only person who knows the truth behind what happened. 
“That happened a long time ago, so let’s not talk about it anymore. I want the past to remain in the past,” she replied after letting out a huge sigh. 
Fabian found her response somewhat odd as he didn’t think she would just let it go like that. 
“I’ve seen the files you gave me, but there’s no evidence to prove that Felicia had left my mom for dead. It was all just a rumor. My mom had committed suicide from depression after losing me, and I’m not about to just shamelessly pin it all on Felicia,” Hannah explained when she saw the confused look on Fabian’s face. 
“Well, I’m glad you see it that way. I was worried you wouldn’t be able to let it go,” Fabian said and breathed a sigh of relief. Of course, he would’ve done all he could to investigate the incident if she wanted to get to the bottom of things. 
Hannah shook her head and smiled. “All right, let’s just drop this topic, okay?” 
Meanwhile, over half of the employees were present in the office at Jackson Group. 
However, the only work they were doing was help Xavier come up with pickup lines as he had offered to pay them a hundred per line.
Xavier held a black fountain pen in one hand and a pink notebook in the other as he sat in his chair. 
“Hurry up, people! Just tell me whatever lines you have!” he said while looking up at them.
###Chapter 1190
Chapter 1190 
“I’ve got one, Mr. Jackson! My love for you is like the eternal flame guiding me forward in the darkest nights into your embrace…” 
“Could you get any more old-fashioned? I need it to be artistic, okay? It has to make me sound sophisticated!” Xavier wasn’t satisfied with that suggestion and emphasized his request. 
“Ooh, I know! There’s only one thing I want to change about you, and that’s your last name.” 
“That’s a good one! Repeat it so I can write it down!” Xavier began scribbling into his notebook, much to that employee’s delight as he said it again. 
Haha, I’m really talented at this! Since Mr. Jackson is offering us a hundred per line, I’ve got to come up with a lot more! 
“All right, next!” Xavier called out to the rest of the employees. 
“I have one, Mr. Jackson!” 
“Me too!” 
With such a huge reward for something so simple, everyone began fighting to share their pickup lines. 
“One at a time, people! There’s plenty of chances for all of you!” Xavier said while glancing at the notebook in his hand. 
His assistant on the other hand, wasn’t too happy as he helped calculate and keep track of the reward. 
Okay, a hundred for this guy, and two for that guy… Oh, my… This secretary has submitted ten entries, so that’s a thousand for him! Mr. Jackson, I’ve been working under you for a few years and have
contributed tons of ideas, but you’ve never even given me a bonus… Can you imagine how miserable I feel… 
In the meantime, Hannah had fallen asleep in the VIP ward. Her body was still fairly weak after the surgery, so she got tired after a brief chat with Fabian. 
Her breathing was shallow, and she had Fabian’s palm sandwiched between hers as she lay on her side. 
Fabian let out a chuckle when he saw her eyelids flutter like a butterfly’s wings and gently caressed her cheek. 
As expected of my woman… She still looks so charming even when she’s asleep! That smooth and fair complexion, that faint smile… 
He then leaned in closer and gave her a quick kiss on forehead. 
“All right, folks! We’re finally done for the day! You can all head home now!” Xavier called out to his employees as he closed his notebook and stood up to stretch. 
After that, he left the office with the pink notebook in hand while his employees continued to discuss. 
“Huh? That’s it? I’ve only made a thousand! I can come up with a few more!” 
“Hey, don’t be so greedy! I only got eight hundred, so be happy that you’ve made a lot more than you would working overtime!” 
“Yeah, I suppose you’re right… If Mr. Jackson would just court a couple more women during his time, we’d make a fortune!”
“Haha! If that were the case, I’d resign from my position and just work for Mr. Jackson as his pickup line contributor!” 
Wesley felt depressed when he heard what they said. He wasn’t planning on coming over, to begin with, but he did because Xavier’s assistant had repeatedly asked him to. He knew how close Xavier and his assistant were, so he didn’t dare offend him for fear of losing his job. 
“I’m an art major, so I really don’t understand why you’d make me come here…” Wesley grumbled to himself. I sat here for a few hours, and I haven’t made a single penny out of this while they’re all making hundreds and even thousands!
###Chapter 1191
Chapter 1191 
Of course, Wesley didn’t get hired by Jackson Group for nothing. Being one of the top few companies in the country, Jackson Group set a very high bar for its entry requirements. Wesley was only able to make it in because he single-handedly drew a perfect circle during his interview. 
Wesley was about to leave when he heard a familiar voice call out to him, “Wesley, can I have a minute with you?” 
That voice… It’s Mr. Jackson’s assistant… 
Despite feeling extremely unhappy, Wesley forced a smile on his face as he turned around anyway. “Yes?” 
“Mr. Jackson wants you over at his office.” 
“Huh? Mr. Jackson wants to see me?” Wesley was confused. 
“Well? Go on then!” Xavier’s assistant said impatiently, still feeling upset about not getting anything for his hard work. 
Wesley felt uneasy as he made his way towards the president’s office. Is Mr. Jackson going to fire me because he thinks I’m incompetent for not coming up with any pick-up lines? That shouldn’t be the case. I’m only in charge of advertising and marketing, so coming up with pick-up lines isn’t in my job description at all! 
Wesley saw Xavier leaning against his chair and going through his pink notebook when he entered his office. 
Wesley cleared his throat and asked, “Ahem… You want to see me, Mr. Jackson?”
Mhmm… These are all very good… I bet Hannah would love them! Should I put a diamond ring in the notebook as well to make it more romantic? Hmm… Nah, she might find it a little too abrupt… Xavier kept nodding and shaking his head as he thought about that. 
He was so focused on going through the contents of the notebook that he didn’t even notice Wesley standing there and staring at him with a confused look on his face. 
What’s Mr. Jackson going on about? Why is he nodding and shaking his head like that? 
Wesley gave it some thought and began explaining himself, “Mr. Jackson, you see… I’m from the Planning Department, and I’ve been performing pretty well so far, but literature really isn’t my thing…” 
“I hear you’re an art major, is that correct?” Xavier interrupted him with a smile. 
Wesley felt a shiver down his spine when he heard that and saw the smile on Xavier’s face. 
“Yes, Mr. Jackson… I am indeed an art major…” 
Xavier’s eyes lit up, and he smiled even brighter as he said, “Great! I want you to draw a Cupid on this piece of paper over here.” 
He then pushed the paper on his desk towards Wesley who stared wide-eyed at him in confusion and disbelief. “Huh?” 
I can’t even tell if Mr. Jackson is joking… Did he seriously ask to see me just so he could have me draw him a Cupid? C-Could it be that Mr. Jackson is actually gay? Was the whole pick-up line thing just a cover-up? Has he been setting his sights on me the whole time? 
Wesley began freaking out as he came up with all sorts of theories. 
“You don’t know how to draw a Cupid?” Xavier narrowed his eyes at him.
“I…I do! I do!” Wesley stammered as he fumbled for the pen and began drawing on the paper. 
“It’s done, Mr. Jackson! Here, have a look!” Wesley said as he handed Xavier the drawing, still feeling a little creeped out inside. 
“All right, let me see…” Xavier mumbled as he took the drawing over and began examining it closely. 
“Hmm… Very well done!” He then handed Wesley the notebook filled with pick-up lines, causing the latter to back away in shock. 
Holy sh*t! I was right about him being into me? 
Wesley swallowed nervously at the thought of that. “Mr. Jackson, I have a wife and kid…” 
“That’s no big deal! I don’t mind it at all!” Xavier said with a chuckle. 
Well, I do, Mr. Jackson! I thought I can’t believe I made it into a great company, only for things to end up like this! I…I don’t think my virgin ass can withstand the abuse…
###Chapter 1192
Chapter 1192 
“Mr. Jackson, will you please spare me in view of my contribution and hard work towards the company? I’m sure you can find someone else a lot better than I am!” Wesley was close to tears at that point. 
“Well, my assistant tells me you’re the best, so would you please stop refusing?” Xavier was perplexed. It’s just a drawing, damn it! You did pretty well on the paper earlier, so why are you chickening out now? It’s not like I’d fire you if it doesn’t turn out well! 
Wesley was petrified. I knew that assistant of his was up to no good! I was wondering why he was able to keep his job for so long despite being so useless, but now it’s clear as day… He knew what Mr. Jackson is into, and has been hooking up with him! Still, why bring me into all this? No, this won’t do… I would rather lose my job than stay here and get violated! 
With that in mind, Wesley turned around and made a run for the door, only to have it open before he was able to reach the handle. 
He took a few steps back in surprise when he saw that it was Xavier’s assistant. 
“Hmm? Are you two finished here?” The assistant asked with a smile when he saw that Wesley was about to leave. 
“No, he seems to be a little nervous.” Xavier shook his head helplessly. 
The assistant rolled his eyes and gave Wesley a pat on the shoulder as he said, “What’s there to be nervous about? It’s obvious that you’re the right man for the job! I would’ve done it myself if I wasn’t so bad at it!” 
He then leaned in closer to Wesley and whispered, “I went straight for you the moment Mr. Jackson gave me the word, you know? Trust me, you don’t want to miss out on such a great opportunity!”
Are you sure this is even great at all? I’m disgusted just thinking about it, and you’re here talking about it so casually… I don’t think running is possible now that it’s come to this… Even so, I won’t submit myself to them! In the worst-case scenario, I’ll go to the police! 
“Seeing that you’re the more experienced one here, I think you should do it instead! I don’t think I can manage!” Wesley said while waving his hands nervously. 
“What are you saying? I don’t know how to draw a Cupid! I wouldn’t need you to do so if I did!” the assistant snapped back at him impatiently. You fool! What can’t you just do as you are told? I don’t want to get another slap from our boss. 
“That’s okay. I can teach you! In fact, I can teach you right now!” Wesley replied. 
“Are you crazy? We don’t have time for that! Damn it, I wouldn’t have asked you for help if I knew you are this unreliable! Look, you can either draw the damn Cupid or pack your stuff and get the hell out of this company!” The assistant almost lost his temper. I thought this guy seemed pretty reliable, yet why is he acting like this at such a critical moment? 
Me? Crazy? You guys are the crazy ones calling me unreliable for not being into that stuff! I… 
Realizing he might have gotten the wrong idea, Wesley asked, “Wait… What did you say? What was it you wanted me to draw?” 
“A Cupid, duh! Didn’t Mr. Jackson tell you?” the assistant retorted angrily. 
“Hey, can you do it or not? If you can’t, I’ll get someone else who can!” Xavier had lost his patience and shouted at the two of them who were whispering by the door. 
“Of course, I can!” Wesley was quick to respond. He then turned towards the assistant and apologized awkwardly, “I’m sorry I got the wrong idea earlier!”
With that, Wesley returned to the desk and began drawing in the notebook. 
“What does he mean by the wrong idea?” the assistant mumbled to himself in confusion as he walked up to Wesley and watched him draw. 
Hmm… Not bad, not bad at all… Mr. Jackson should be satisfied with this, I suppose. 
Wesley put down the pen a few minutes later and showed Xavier what he had drawn in the notebook.
###Chapter 1193
Chapter 1193 
“Well done! You’re really great at drawing, though your confidence could use some work! All right, you may be dismissed now. I’ll give you two thousand as a reward, so remember to collect the money from Finance tomorrow!” Xavier said with a chuckle when he saw that the drawing in the notebook was a lot better than the one on the paper. It’s as if I’m looking at the actual Cupid! 
Wesley was on the verge of crying at that point. Damn it, Mr. Jackson! Why didn’t you just say that from the start? You scared the hell out of me! 
The dark sky slowly brightened up, and Hannah opened her eyes slowly as a ray of sunshine came in through the window. The first thing that she saw was Fabian sitting beside her with a smile on his face. 
“What are you doing?” she asked as she went wide-eyed and bolted upright instantly. 
Fabian didn’t know whether to laugh or cry at her reaction. Why is she so nervous? 
He then brought over a wet towel and began wiping her face down. 
Hannah had thought of telling him she could manage it on her own as she had rested enough, but held her tongue and decided to enjoy his tender loving care a little while longer. 
I bet no one would believe me if I told them that the president of Phoenix Group was wiping me down like this! This will blow their mind off. 
The thought of that made Hannah really happy and put a huge smile on her face. 
Helen too, had gotten out of bed at the same time. Feeling excited, she gave Xavier a call right away, “Hello, Mr. Jackson! Do you have everything prepared like I told you to? I’ll be looking after Hannah today, so I could give you a hand if you need it!”
“Oh? That’s really nice of you, Ms. Young! Yes, all the preparations are complete, and I’ll be heading over in a bit. Thank you for so much for your help.” 
“Please, there’s no need to thank me! Anyway, I’ll go pack my stuff now. See you there!” Helen let out a chuckle at how everything was going according to plan. 
She then quickly packed up and rushed towards the hospital. 
“Ah! I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to…” Helen was so distracted by her excitement that she bumped into someone along the way, only to realize that it was Jason before she even finished her apology. 
The look on her face changed instantly, and she shot him a disdainful sneer as she said, “Oh, my! Since when does the playboy wake up so early in the morning?” 
Jason pouted in response to her sarcastic remarks and shot back at her, “Hmph! How unlucky of me, starting the day by running into a foul-mouthed witch like you! I’ll have you know that I came over from Uncle Hendrick’s place first thing in the morning! In fact, Uncle Hendrick has been really nice to me!” 
Jason had sent Hendrick home yesterday, and Gillian seemed to have taken a liking to him. With both of them on his side, he had nothing to fear even with Helen and Fabian around. 
“You… How shameless of you!” Helen clenched her teeth in anger. I can’t believe my parents would trust this glib brat! 
Jason flashed her a smug grin when he saw how angry she looked. What are you going to do about it, huh? I thought you were pretty tough threatening me with Fabian yesterday! Where does all that toughness go now? 
This brat… He was already acting all smug when Hannah defended him yesterday, and now with Mom and Dad on his side. Looks like I’ll just have to teach him a lesson myself! With that in mind, Helen
stomped on his foot as hard as she could before letting out a surprised yelp.
###Chapter 1194
Chapter 1194 
“Oh, dear! I’m sorry I stepped on your foot by accident, Jason! You wouldn’t be so petty as to hold it against a poor defenseless girl like me, would you?” 
She then giggled gleefully before running towards Hannah’s ward as quickly as she could. 
What a witch! How dare you do this to me! I won’t forgive you! I… Wait… No, if I go after her, it will just make me seem petty like she said, and that simply won’t do! I’m the future successor of Goldstein Group, and I can’t afford to have people know that I’ll do such a thing! Hmph, fine! I’ll let you off the hook this once, but you’d better not mess with me again! Jason thought to himself as he followed behind her. 
“Hey, Hannah! Are you awake? I’m coming in!” Helen shouted while knocking on the door. 
“Yeah, come on in!” Hannah called out to her in response. 
Helen then opened the door and went inside with Jason. 
“Good morning, Hannah and Fabian! Oh, Jason too…” Helen greeted them and even made sure to place extra emphasis on Jason’s name just to spite him. 
Jason snorted at her and greeted them as well, “Hello, Hannah and Fabian!” 
He then turned towards Winson who had just finished brushing his teeth in the bathroom and said, “Hey, Winson! Aren’t you going to greet us?” 
Winson was an obedient kid and always did as Jason asked. “Hi, Jason! Helen too!”
Jason nodded at him in satisfaction before turning towards Helen. “Hear that? He addressed me first! That’s how unimportant you are!” 
Helen rolled her eyes at him in response. “Are you seriously using a child like this? How much more shameless can you get?” 
“That’s none of your business! Oh, by the way, Aunt Gillian said you should address me like you would your own brother! I suggest you do so or she might need to have a word with you! Don’t say I didn’t warn you!” Jason said nonchalantly with his head held high, acting as if he had won the battle. 
Helen was about to say something in response, but Hannah cut her off instead, “That’s enough, you two. Did you sleep well, Helen?” Watching this two bicker sure gives me a headache! 
“It was good! How could I not sleep well when the villa that Fabian provided me with was practically customized to my preferences? Everything, including the bedsheets and pillows, were specifically replaced with the ones I like! I slept like a log!” Helen boasted while smirking at Jason who stared at Fabian in disbelief. 
Is that true? You’ve never treated me this well even after all these years I’ve been around you! 
“Pfft… I’ve been staying in a villa for so long now, and it’s not as great as you make it sound!” Jason said with a shrug in an attempt to spite her back. Heh! Trying to spite me, are you? It’s not going to be that easy! 
Helen tilted her head and acted like she was in deep thought as she said, “Hmm… That probably means Fabian doesn’t like you enough to customize everything to your liking, so it doesn’t feel as great for you!”
Seeing as Jason had nothing to say in response, Helen stuck her tongue out at him before scurrying over towards Fabian. 
“Come with me, Fabian! I have something to tell you!” 
“Hmm? Me?” Fabian was a little surprised. What could Helen possibly want to tell me? 
Helen dragged Fabian aside, glancing around cautiously as if she was afraid that someone would overhear their conversation. 
Oh, please! I’m not the slightest bit interested in what you have to tell Fabian! You’re probably just asking him to buy you some fancy handbag or dress anyway! I know you all too well, Helen!
###Chapter 1195
Chapter 1195 
I may have Uncle Hendrick and Aunt Gillian on my side, but they’re not around often enough to help me out! This won’t do… I’ll have to get Hannah on my side if I am to shut that smug witch up! Jason thought to himself angrily as he shot her a disdainful glare. 
He then stepped forward and held Hannah’s hand as he asked, “How was your sleep, Hannah? Shall I arrange for you to have a bigger bed as well?” 
Hannah was so caught off guard that she pulled her hand back immediately. “Oh, uh… That won’t be necessary! I slept very well last night!” 
“I see…” Jason lowered his gaze as he racked his brain for an idea. Hmm… There has to be something else I can do for her… Aha! I’ve got it! 
“Hannah, you’ve gotten really pale after the surgery, and we can’t have that now. I heard that one of our companies has recently launched a new cosmetic product that works wonders! I’ll bring you two sets tomorrow, okay? I’m sure Fabian would love how you look after using it!” 
What has gotten into Jason today? Why is he suddenly offering to change my bed and give me cosmetic products? I bet he must be up to something! Hannah couldn’t help but feel that something was off about his behavior and decided to decline his offer. “Thanks, but I’ve still got plenty of those at home, so I’ll just have Amelia bring some over for me.” 
“But that’s so troublesome! Our company produces this stuff anyway, so it’d be a lot easier if I just have someone deliver them to you!” Jason tried his best to persuade her. 
Please accept this gift, Hannah! I don’t know what else I can do to gain your favor!
“I…” Hannah couldn’t understand his logic at all. How is it more troublesome to bring some over from my own house? 
Jason then pulled out his phone and called up one of his contacts. “Hey, Paul! I need you to bring two sets of our latest cosmetic product over right now! Yes, I’ll send you the location!” 
He’s really getting someone to bring it over? What is with him? 
“There, I’ve made the call, Hannah! He’ll bring it over in a bit!” Jason said while breathing a sigh of relief. Ha! There’s no way she’ll decline my offer now! 
“Um… Did you get yourself into some kind of trouble?” Hannah asked after giving it some thought. I bet he must’ve offended Fabian or something and wants me to defend him! That’s why he’s trying to bribe me with gifts! 
“What? No way! I’m just trying to do my part in caring for your well-being, Hannah! Besides, I’m a good boy! There’s no way I’d get myself in trouble!” Jason replied. 
“Are you sure? I might be able to help you out if you tell me the truth…” Hannah said in disbelief. God knows what trouble this daredevil has gotten himself into… The sooner he tells me about it, the easier it is for me to help him out! 
“How could you say that about me, Hannah? I genuinely care about you, and this is what you think of me? How hurtful is that…” 
“All right, all right! I believe you, okay?” Hannah cut him off before he could go any further. 
“That’s more like it! I care about you a lot, Hannah!” 
“Hmm… It’s almost time, so he should be here any minute…” Helen said while looking at her watch.
Fabian chuckled. “Good thing we’re on the same side, huh? Otherwise, I’d be the one getting humiliated.” 
The two of them then exchanged glances before bursting into laughter. Sensing a piercing gaze from behind, Helen turned around and saw Jason staring at them from afar.
###Chapter 1196
Chapter 1196 
What the hell did she say to Fabian to make him so happy? Hannah may have accepted my cosmetic products, but she thinks I’m just trying to bribe her or something! We’re both trying to please them, so why are the results so different? Fabian, you’re an elite businessman for goodness’ sake! Even Hannah could tell that something was off, and yet here you are, laughing with Helen like a fool… 
Jason was not amused. At the same time, he sulked at how differently Fabian was treating them. It was a world apart. 
How could you do this to me? 
“Why are you staring at me like that? Is it because I’m pretty?” Helen asked. 
“Nonsense! Man, how is it that you’re so different from your sister? She’s so gentle and kind, while you’re all feisty and annoying! You should learn a thing or two from Hannah or you might become a spinster for the rest of your life!” Jason said, killing two birds with one stone by praising Hannah and insulting Helen at the same time. 
“Well, I am happy to remain single and it’s none of your business! Why are you sucking up to my sister anyway, huh? Are you trying to get her on your side? Fat chance! She’s my sister, so she’ll definitely take my side!” Helen snapped back at him. 
She then turned towards Hannah and continued, “You’d better be careful of this guy, Hannah! For all we know, he might just betray you anytime!” 
Jason was seething with anger as he glared at Helen, but Hannah spoke up before he could say anything, “Helen, how could you say that to Jason? Apologize to him!” 
Ha! I was right to give her the cosmetic products!
Jason thought Hannah was defending him because he gave her those cosmetic products, but she was actually just saying that because she felt Helen had gone overboard. 
Jason puffed up his chest as he prepared himself to receive Helen’s apology, but all he heard was Fabian’s charming voice, “Jason, could you go buy Hannah breakfast? She hasn’t eaten anything this morning.” 
Jason frowned reluctantly as he protested, “Can’t we just have someone bring the food over? Why do I have to go buy it myself?” 
“It’s better for her to have something light for breakfast, so there’s no need to have someone else do it.” Noticing the unhappy look on his face, Fabian continued after a brief pause, “Come on, I’ll go with you.” 
Fabian then turned around and left, and Jason had no choice but to follow suit. 
“Whose side are you on, Fabian? Mine or Helen’s? Why are you always caring about her? I can’t stand her at all!” Jason ranted the moment they stepped out of the ward. 
“She’s your sister too, you know? Can’t you be a little nicer to her?” Fabian lectured him. 
Sh*t, I am done for. She’s brainwashed Fabian so much that he’s completely on her side now. Jason rolled his eyes and shrugged in frustration. “Fine, I’ll shut up then.” 
Aw, what’s the matter? Is he throwing a tantrum with me now? Fabian smiled as he pulled something out of his pocket and fiddled with it before handing it over to Jason. 
Jason’s eyes lit up instantly when he saw it, and he broke into a huge grin as he said, “I knew you’d take my side! Are you giving me this to cheer me up?”
###Chapter 1197
Chapter 1197 
He then snatched it over from Fabian and smiled even brighter as he continued, “Thank you so much, Fabian!” I guess being insulted by Helen does have its perks, after all! 
Fabian simply shook his head in response. That’s all it took to satisfy him? Heh, what a kid… 
What Jason took was the key to a sports car that Fabian had bought a few days ago after a lot of consideration. Although he personally found it too fancy and impractical for his liking, he knew how much Hannah liked it and had planned on giving it to her when she got discharged. However, he changed his mind and decided to give it to Jason instead when he saw how depressed he looked. 
“This is the latest Camaro! How did you get your hands on one so soon? Wait a minute… You never liked sports cars, so why did you buy one? Did you perhaps have a change of heart and find them cool now?” Jason asked jokingly when he felt something was amiss. 
Fabian wasn’t in the mood for jokes and asked coldly, “Do you want it?” 
“Of course, I do! Who wouldn’t want a brand new Camaro? Besides, I only earned this after suffering a great deal, so it only makes sense that I keep it!” Jason said as he quickly put the keys into his pocket. 
“What were you and Fabian talking about earlier?” Hannah asked curiously as she couldn’t figure out what he was laughing about. 
“Oh, about that? Mmm, it’s a secret!” Helen said with the brightest smile she could put on. There’s no way I would tell her the truth! She’d kill me for sure if she found out! 
Naturally, Hannah wasn’t about to let it go that easily. “Tell me the truth, Helen! I’m not joking with you here!”
She even went as far as attempting a carrot-and-stick approach, but Helen refused to spill the beans no matter what. Having run out of tricks, Hannah could only let out a sigh in exasperation. 
Meanwhile, Xavier sported a Patek Philippe watch as he gracefully ran his hand through his hair while making his way towards Hannah’s ward, glancing at the pink notebook in his hand every now and then. 
The black and white sports attire he put on gave him the look that was full of vigor and vitality as opposed to his usual cold and serious look. 
He arrived outside Hannah’s ward shortly after and fixed his perfectly styled hair before knocking on the door with a confident smile on his face. 
“Come on in!” Hannah called out casually, thinking Fabian had returned from buying her breakfast. 
The door was opened, and Xavier slowly came into view. 
“Back already? That was fast, Fabian!” Helen was busy helping Hannah trim her nails that she didn’t know it was Xavier. 
Hannah broke out in a cold sweat when she saw him. What’s he doing here? Is he here to pick a fight with Fabian again? Helen, you idiot! Why would you call out to him without even checking first? “Please don’t get the wrong idea, Mr. Jackson! Helen doesn’t know what she’s saying!” 
Mr. Jackson? So it isn’t Fabian that came in? Helen quickly turned around, and let out a sigh of relief when she saw the pink notebook in his hand.
###Chapter 1198
Chapter 1198 
Xavier thought she was trying to help him because of his charms and broke into a wide grin. “That’s okay, Ms. Helen can call me whatever she likes!” 
Anything I like? Please, I wasn’t even calling out to you! What are you getting so happy about? Helen thought to herself as she flashed Xavier an awkward smile, but he simply stared at her like he wanted her to say it again. 
“Oh, my! It’s a little stuffy in here! I’m going out to get some fresh air, so you two please carry on!” Helen blurted when she recalled what he was here for and began walking towards the door. 
“I’ve done what I can to help you out, Mr. Jackson. Everything else is up to you now. Just make sure you don’t expose me, okay?” she whispered at Xavier as she passed him by. 
Xavier shot her a reassuring glance in response that said, “Don’t worry, I’ve got this! Just leave it to me!” 
Helen then left the ward as quickly as her legs could carry her before Hannah noticed anything suspicious. 
Hannah cleared her throat trying to get her to stay, but Helen ignored her and ran off anyway. Damn it, Helen! Why are you running away when I’m not even mad at you? Now I’m stuck here with this guy. Oh boy, this is so awkward. 
She was under the assumption that Helen left because she felt embarrassed for mistaking Xavier for Fabian. Little did she know, Helen had done it on purpose so Xavier could have some time alone with her.
“Please take a seat, Mr. Jackson,” Hannah said feeling odd. Then, she realized that Fabian was most likely on his way back from buying breakfast. 
Oh, no… If he comes back and sees Xavier in here while Helen is gone, he’ll think I sent her off on purpose! Nothing I say will be able to clear my name then! Hannah began sweating nervously at the thought of that. 
“Hannah, please, drop the formalities! We’re friends, remember? You can just call me Xavier!” Xavier was feeling extremely confident because he had Helen’s help as well as twenty years of experience in flirting with women. 
Hannah nearly choked when she heard what he said. Hannah? Xavier? Isn’t that how close friends address each other? Wasn’t he still calling me ‘Ms. Young’ yesterday? Since when did we start addressing each other with our given name? We don’t even know each other that well. Does he know he’ll get me in deep trouble by addressing me like this? 
“M-Mr. Jackson… I think you should just stick to calling me ‘Ms. Young’… I’m more comfortable with that form of address…” she suggested sheepishly. Damn it, why do I feel like we’re having an affair or something? 
“I see… My apologies for being a little too brusque, Ms. Young…” Xavier quickly went back to being more formal when he saw how uncomfortable she was. It’s only a matter of time before I’ll be calling her by her given name anyway, so I don’t mind waiting a little while longer! 
“How are you doing? Are you feeling any better?” He was so concerned. 
“Yeah, I’m a lot better now. In fact, I should be able to get out of bed soon,” Hannah replied honestly.
Helen was wandering around the corridor when she bumped into Fabian and Jason on their way back from buying breakfast. 
With an excited smile on her face, she ran up to them and whispered into Fabian’s ear, “Mr. Jackson is here!” 
Jason spoke up before Fabian could even say anything in response, “Mr. Jackson? What’s so great about him showing up? Don’t you know that he’s Fabian’s rival? Why are you so happy that he’s here?”
###Chapter 1199
Chapter 1199 
He even made sure to insult Helen by adding, “See? What did I tell you, Fabian? She’s unreliable! Your rival is here, and she’s just there smiling happily like she’s enjoying a show!” 
Jason had brought Xavier into Hannah’s ward once and received a cold glare from Fabian as a result, so he had a burning hatred for Xavier. 
Helen shot him a disdainful glare. “Shut up! You don’t know anything!” 
“Hey, I bet you’re just feeling guilty because I exposed you! Don’t worry, Fabian! Unlike her, I will kick his butt if he dares try anything funny! That ought to teach him to stay away from you and Hannah!” Jason said while waving his fist in the air. 
“At this point, I can’t even tell if you’re actually an idiot or just pretending to be one! Are you sure you’re not working for Mr. Jackson as his spy or something?” Helen rolled her eyes as she snapped back at him. 
“You’ve gone too far, Helen! How dare you try and drive a wedge between us? I’ve been chilling with Fabian ever since I was a kid, and he has always been my idol! How could I possibly be spying on him for Mr. Jackson?” 
Helen was so baffled by Jason’s stupidity that she couldn’t even be bothered to explain the situation and simply turned towards Fabian instead. “So, do you want to head on inside?” 
Fabian narrowed his eyes and broke into a devilish grin. “Of course, I do! This is a perfect opportunity to make him know his place and give up on Hannah for good. While I am confident in taking him on myself, he has such thick skin and that makes him a tough nut to crack.”
“I know, right? Let’s all go in there together!” Jason exclaimed angrily. After what happened back then, I’ll make sure I teach him a lesson he won’t forget! 
“What business do you have to go in there?” Helen snapped at him. Letting a completely clueless airhead like him in there will just ruin everything! 
“To help Fabian out, of course! If things get physical, he’ll have a formidable fighter like me to back him up!” Jason had gotten into tons of fights back when he was in high school. To him, violence was the best method to settle disputes between men. 
Seriously? A fight? What do you take them for, a couple of three year-olds? In the eyes of geniuses like them, you’re nothing but cannon fodder at best! Now I see why your dad only entrusted you with the smaller companies for practice! Had he handed you Goldstein Group right away, it’d go bankrupt in the blink of an eye! Helen didn’t know what else to say when she heard Jason’s words. 
“You will both remain outside. I’m going in there alone,” Fabian spoke up all of a sudden, shutting them up instantly. 
Helen nodded. “I wasn’t planning on going in there to begin with.” 
“Are you sure about this, Fabian?” Jason asked worriedly. He was genuinely concerned about Fabian, albeit having an odd and childish way of expressing his concern. 
“Of course, I am. Jason, I want you to wait here with Helen for a bit. Oh, and stop bullying her,” Fabian said as he began walking towards Hannah’s ward.
###Chapter 1200
Chapter 1200 
He then made his way to the room, leaving Jason and Helen staring at each other in the corridor outside. 
“Hmph! Why would I even want to waste my time and energy bullying her? All I ask is that she stay out of my way!” Jason muttered under his breath. 
Helen got mad when she heard what he said and glared angrily at him. Jason was very annoyed with that. 
“What are you looking at? Have you never seen a handsome guy like me before? Jason was really infuriated by the glances she had been casting him. First, she looks at me like I’m an idiot, and now she’s staring at me like she wants to pick a fight with me? Just who the hell does she think she is! 
“Hmph!” Helen snorted and looked the other way without saying a word. 
“I heard you like pink, Ms. Young. That’s a very unique color!” Xavier said with a chuckle. Hannah had been brushing off his questions hastily in hopes that he would leave as soon as possible, preferably before Fabian returned. 
Of course, Xavier could see what she was doing, but he wasn’t nervous as he thought this was the perfect time for him to strike. 
Looks like it’s time to make my move! I’m coming for you, Hannah! There’s no way you’ll be able to resist my love for you, so just let it blossom and grow in this pink notebook of mine! He tightened his grip on the pink notebook. 
“Y-Yeah, exactly! I like it for how unique it is!” Hannah blurted out in a state of panic as she imagined Fabian getting closer to the door of her ward.
“Well, I’ve prepared a little gift for you. It’s pink, so I believe you’ll like it very much.” Xavier said with a smile. Yes! I can feel victory within my grasp! 
“Huh? Um… I…” Hannah hesitated over whether or not she should accept his gift. 
Fabian would definitely grow suspicious if I were to accept it, but… I don’t know if he’ll even leave if I don’t! Either way, I’ll still be the one to suffer in the end! Screw it, I’ll just accept his gift and hide it somewhere for now! 
“Hannah, this gift represents my feelings for you…” Xavier said as he handed her the pink notebook. According to her sister, my chances of success will increase tremendously as long as she accepts this gift! 
“All right, I’ll accept your gift.” Hannah mumbled while taking the notebook over from him. 
For some reason, Hannah found herself spacing out for a moment when her fingers came in contact with the notebook. Memories of high school flashed past in her head, causing her fingers to tremble slightly. 
Xavier was extremely satisfied with her reaction as he thought she was moved by his gift. Oh, Helen. You really are the best form of support I can ever have! I’ll win your sister over in no time! 
Hannah on the other hand, was reminded of a painful memory that she wished she had forgotten many years ago. 
Why a notebook? And why does it have to be pink? Don’t you know that I hate pink the most? Don’t you know that I’ve ripped up every notebook I came across ever since? Are you doing this on purpose? 
She was quite shocked and looked up at Xavier, hoping to get an answer out of him. However, the gleeful expression on his face suggested that he knew nothing at all.
At that moment, the door was opened, and Hannah shifted her gaze towards it instantly. 
“Hey, Hannah! I’m back with breakfast!” Fabian said while entering the ward in an attempt to assert his status as Hannah’s man.

###Chapter 1201
Chapter 1201 
Ah! Hannah immediately withdrew her hand so that Fabian wouldn’t have any misunderstanding toward her. 
On the other hand, Xavier was furious. Why would he show up and interrupt every time I wanted to give Hannah some gifts? 
When Xavier realized Fabian’s hidden message in his words, he couldn’t help but glance at the queen bed. Did Fabian stay here overnight? 
He gritted his teeth furiously once the thought flashed through his mind. 
Meanwhile, Fabian chuckled as he saw that Xavier was boiling with rage. Are you angry just because of that? How will you react when you finally realize that everything you do now is actually a trap set up by Helen in advance? 
Anyway, you can’t possibly know the truth. Instead, I’m sure you’re even thanking Helen deep in your heart, right? What a shame. Helen didn’t help you. 
“Hi, Mr. Jackson. Why are you here so early?” Fabian pretended to be shocked to see him. Besides, he also glanced at Hannah to see her reactions. 
Hannah lowered her gaze and dared not meet Fabian’s eyes. Even though she didn’t do anything wrong, she still unknowingly felt guilty about herself. 
“Ms. Young, you can keep this,” Xavier ignored Fabian and said to Hannah smilingly. 
“Hmm…” Hannah looked up at Fabian, hoping to know what he thought about it. She was ready to reject Xavier’s gift if there was a slight sign of disappointment on his face.
Unexpectedly, Fabian didn’t look disgruntled at all but even put on a faint smile. The smile was short- lived, yet Hannah saw it clearly. 
After giving it some thought, Hannah finally made up her mind to accept the notebook from Xavier. 
“Oh? Has Mr. Jackson brought a gift for Hannah? Allow me, as her boyfriend, to take a look first,” Fabian said blandly. At the same time, Hannah couldn’t help but feel curious because he was seemingly emotionless and wasn’t angry at all. 
As Fabian grabbed the pink notebook from Hannah, he pretended to be shocked and said to Xavier, “Why is it in pink? Mr. Jackson, I think you were careless in choosing the gift. Didn’t you know that Hannah dislikes pink?” 
Xavier listened to Fabian carefully but scorned him deep down. Hehe, does Hannah really dislike pink? What a joke! Why don’t you look for a better excuse to find fault with me? Didn’t you see Hannah was surprised to see the gift? 
Apparently, Xavier interpreted the shock on Hannah’s face as she was surprised. Also, deep in his heart, he kept complimenting Helen for obtaining the important information for him. 
Meanwhile, Hannah was touched. How does Fabian know that I dislike pink? I mean, I rarely show it or tell anyone about it. Could it be that he analyzed it by paying attention to my details? 
Ripples of excitement fluttered through her after listening to Fabian. After all, Hannah cared about what Fabian said, no matter it was pleasant or otherwise. 
A moment later, Fabian unlocked the notebook and slowly opened it. Hannah was a little worried because she wasn’t sure what was kept inside it. If it’s something about love, will Fabian get angry and fight with him?
Right before Fabian opened the notebook, Xavier swiftly rushed toward him and grabbed it. He also shot a disdainful glance at Fabian. This is my gift for Hannah. Why do you want to be a busybody? How will Hannah be touched by my sincerity if you look at it first? Are you going to sabotage my plan? No way! 
“Mr. Norton, since this is my gift for Ms. Young, she certainly should look at it first. So, I’m afraid what you wanted to do was inappropriate,” Xavier asserted coldly. 
Fabian seemed not to be offended. Instead, he smiled and waved his hand, gesturing for Hannah to open it.
###Chapter 1202
Chapter 1202 
Humph! I can’t believe an idiot like you dares to come after my woman! What a joke! 
Meanwhile, Xavier pursed his lips and thought to himself. That’s more like it! 
Xavier came up to Hannah, ready to surprise her. He held the notebook and opened it gently in front of Hannah. 
The Cupid on the cover slowly came into sight. 
Xavier gazed at Hannah squarely to observe the change in her emotions. 
As Hannah stared at the notebook, her eyebrows arched while her lips slightly quirked. 
You’re surprised, aren’t you? Haha, I knew it. I prepared it throughout the night, after all. 
Because of the preparation, Xavier only went to bed late at night. Although he was initially tired, he felt that his effort was worth it after observing her expressions. Sacrificing some rest time to pursue my true love is not a big deal! 
“Alright, Ms. Young. Please read it on your own. Also, I wrote everything by myself,” Xavier said to Hannah delightedly. 
Upon seeing the notebook, Hannah recalled what happened in the bedroom in the Young family’s house. The pink notebook and Cupid looked almost the same. 
The only difference was that her parents noticed it back then, and now it was Fabian. 
Hannah gazed at Fabian hesitantly, worrying that the notebook was full of sweet nothings.
Unexpectedly, Fabian looked patient. He didn’t grab it from her nor show any sign of dissatisfaction. On the contrary, he tiled his head as he looked at Hannah and even flashed her a smile. 
As such, Hannah was surprised. What is wrong with Fabian today? He isn’t angry and even smiled at me! 
A shiver ran down her spine as she thought it was probably a trap. Fabian would settle the scores with her later after she read it. 
Hannah took the notebook from Xavier doubtfully but didn’t continue reading it. The next moment, she closed it and thanked him smilingly, “Mr. Jackson, thank you for the gift. I’ll read it later.” 
Although Xavier was a little displeased, he quickly concealed his feeling. 
Fabian, are you afraid now? Are you threatening Hannah? Humph! I tell you what, don’t ever think about sabotaging the perfect plan that I prepared for Hannah! 
He believed that Hannah refused to read it on the spot because Fabian was there. Also, if she didn’t read it today, he thought that Fabian would probably throw it away once he left. In that case, his effort would go down the drain. 
“Mr. Norton, I never thought that you were that overbearing toward your girlfriend. No offense, but I think this isn’t the appropriate way to treat her.” 
Fabian couldn’t help but sneer quietly. I wanted to let it pass, yet you’re still insistent on making trouble. In that case, I’ll give you what you want! 
“Hannah, since Mr. Jackson gives you the gift sincerely, I think you should look at it,” Fabian said to Hannah calmly while putting on a smile.
Hannah was at a loss as she didn’t know what Fabian was up to. 
Well, you asked me to look at it. Don’t blame me if it irritates you. 
After giving it some thought, Hannah began to open the notebook. When the Cupid came into sight once again, Hannah cursed silently and turned to the next page. 
I wish to explore the wonders of the world with you. You can bring me along, and I’ll bring the money. 
She turned to the second page and saw several words that were written with vigor. 
Her first impression was that Xavier’s handwriting was beautiful and reflecting power, vigor, and grace. Hence, she couldn’t help but feel that Xavier was as good as a calligrapher. 
However, as Hannah finished reading the entire sentence, she felt extremely ill at ease and instinctively threw the notebook away.
###Chapter 1203
Chapter 1203 
Xavier’s eyes widened as he was apparently shocked to see Hannah’s reaction. 
Something’s not right! It didn’t turn out as how I thought it would be! In fact, it’s totally different from what I imagined! 
Meanwhile, Fabian was surprised to see Hannah’s reaction as well. He anticipated that Hannah would surely be displeased but didn’t think that she would be that emotional. 
He wouldn’t let Hannah look at the notebook if he knew it in the first place. 
Then, he sneered and gave Xavier a cold-eyed stare before coming up to Hannah. 
Patting Hannah on her back gently, he comforted, “It’s okay. I’m here.” 
The dramatic turn of events was way beyond Xavier’s imagination. Aren’t I supposed to make a good impression on Hannah and embarrass Fabian? Why is it upended? 
“Hmm… Ms. Young… I…” Xavier stammered. He wished to give her an explanation but wasn’t sure where to start. 
Fabian snickered, “Alright. You don’t have to say anything. Now, get out of here.” 
Actually, Fabian was impatient toward Xavier. He allowed Xavier to mess with them for so long only because Helen planned to help him by making Hannah repulse Xavier. 
On the other hand, Xavier was disgruntled as well. He only realized now that Helen gave him the wrong information to irritate Hannah.
However, he couldn’t understand why Helen would do so. After all, he only extended an olive branch to her and didn’t do anything wrong. 
“Did you hear me? Get out of here now.” Fabian yelled at him furiously while hugging Hannah. 
Fabian! It must be your doing! How could you be so despicable? Had you ever thought that you might hurt Hannah? 
Once Fabian yelled at him, Xavier recollected himself and instantly believed that Fabian set this up. 
However, because Hannah looked dejected, he lowered his gaze and said embarrassedly, “Ms. Young, I apologize for being inconsiderate. Please don’t take it to heart.” 
“I’m fine. I overreacted because I suddenly recalled some old memories. Anyway, it’s not your fault,” she said blandly. The next moment, Hannah realized that she had unknowingly leaned against Fabian’s chest. She was slightly embarrassed and immediately stood straight. 
Deep in her heart, she knew that she overreacted about it, which had nothing to do with Xavier. Nonetheless, that incident was like a permanent scar engraved on her heart. Hence, she couldn’t control her emotions when Xavier brought it up again. 
“It was my fault. Ms. Young, you don’t have to find an excuse for me. Anyway, I’ve to get going now. I’ll visit you next time.” Xavier admitted defeat and thought about competing with Fabian again next time. 
It was my careless mistake. I was humiliated because you have the cheeks to play dirty tricks to fight over a girl. Nonetheless, there are many opportunities in the future. You can’t win her over with such tricks. 
“Humph, I’m glad you admit it. Leave now,” Fabian said impatiently. Although Hannah didn’t wish to blame Xavier for it, Fabian apparently had different thoughts.
Xavier shot a cold glance at Fabian and said, “Mr. Norton, till next time. I believe that only those who are sincere can have true love. Unlike you… Gah!” 
Xavier left before he finished. Meanwhile, Hannah pondered over his words as she had many questions in her mind. 
What did he mean? Only those who are sincere can have true love? Unlike Fabian? What’s wrong with Fabian? Doesn’t he treat me well? Besides, he kept comforting me when I lost my temper. 
Hannah had the feeling that there was more to the matter but couldn’t pinpoint what went wrong. 
As Hannah was deep in thought, Fabian said to sound her out, “Hannah, are you okay? What’s wrong with the notebook?”
###Chapter 1204
Chapter 1204 
“I’m fine. I overreacted just now,” Hannah answered. 
Indeed, she couldn’t control her emotions upon seeing it. She almost couldn’t finish high school because of the notebook. Also, her parents and the teacher berated her and even thought about sending her to the youth detention center. 
Fabian glanced at her but didn’t utter a word. 
At the same time, Hannah could feel that Fabian had lots of doubts. She thought for a while and explained, “Ah, this notebook… actually, someone had gifted a notebook to me when I was in high school.” 
Fabian blinked his eyes, gesturing for her to continue. 
“He was my first love.” 
Hannah paused for a while and continued, “It happened when I was in the eleventh grade. I was studying at a high school in my county. Back then, writing on notebooks was a trend. Due to stress from studying, many girls would write down their feelings and dissatisfaction in our notebooks. After students were sorted into arts and science streams, he became my new deskmate. There was a time when I was writing something in my notebook, and he grabbed it from me. 
“I was furious, but he didn’t return it to me and even read through my little secrets. I cried because of that and ignored him for quite some time. 
“After that, he would occasionally buy some snacks for me. Since he always read my notebook, I stopped writing and decided to tell him my inner feelings directly.
“Eventually, we became a couple. I always told him my little secrets, and he always comforted me. Anyway, because students were just being sorted into different streams, my results weren’t as satisfying as before. So, the homeroom teacher always found fault with me. She claimed that I didn’t study hard enough and suspected that I was dating someone. 
“One day, she instructed someone to search my drawer and took my notebook. My parents were furious because she told them that I was dating someone. As such, they decided to transfer me to another class.” 
Hannah took a deep breath for a while and continued helplessly, “What a coincidence. Every notebook that he gifted to me was pink. Besides, he always drew the Cupid on the first page and wrote some sweet nothings on every page. That was why… I got emotional.” 
However, Hannah didn’t tell him the last straw that irritated her was the sweet nothings. Her first love used to write something similar to her, but it turned out that… 
“And then what?” At this moment, Fabian squinted his eyes and asked intently. He was surprised to know that Hannah used to have a romantic first love. 
“After that, I dedicated myself to studies and went to the university…” Hannah felt a little speechless by his question. 
“Where is your first love?” Fabian asked blandly. 
“Well, he’s a jerk! The teacher actually found out that it was his handwriting in the notebook. Unexpectedly, he shifted all of the responsibilities onto me. He claimed that I seduced him, and he dated me only because he couldn’t resist my seduction.”
Hannah was furious as soon as she finished. Even though the incident happened nearly ten years ago, she still couldn’t forget it. Since most people had romantic first love, she felt unfortunate that she met a scumbag in her first love. 
As Hannah’s face swelled up with rage, Fabian couldn’t help but feel amused and thought to himself. Perhaps God sends me to you so that I can make it up for you. 
“What are you laughing at? It’s not funny!” Hannah got increasingly irritated and rolled her eyes at him. The next moment, she yelled, “Humph! Bullying me is the best thing you do. Since I’m considered your wife, can’t you treat me better? Can’t you console me when I said I met a scumbag? How can you snigger at me instead?” 
Upon hearing that, Fabian couldn’t help but raise his eyebrows. What? Are you finally aware that I’m your husband? And now you want me to console you? 
“I’m not good at comforting others,” Fabian replied stubbornly, though ripples of excitement fluttered through him after listening to her.
###Chapter 1205
Chapter 1205 
“Tsk, I don’t need you to comfort me.” Hannah couldn’t help but glance at him disdainfully, thinking that he valued his pride above all else. You took me to your arms earlier on but claimed now that you weren’t good at comfort others. 
“Hannah, I’ll bring you to the garden to fly kites once you’ve recovered,” Winson, who was lying next to Hannah, suddenly said. 
Then, he added, “I remember that Mom always said this to me when I cried. I wouldn’t feel upset anymore once I heard it. How about you, Hannah? Do you feel better?” 
Hannah was a little nonplussed by the way Winson consoled her but still felt touched. She replied to him with a sweet smile, “I feel a lot better now. We’ll fly kites in the garden together once you’ve recovered.” 
Besides, she didn’t forget to shoot a smug and disdainful glance at Fabian. Did you see that? You didn’t console me, but someone will. You’re even worse than a young boy. 
Fabian merely smiled in response and didn’t utter a word. Later, he picked up the notebook on the floor and threw it into the dustbin without glancing at it for a second. 
On the other hand, Hannah couldn’t help but put on a wry smile as she thought about Xavier, who gifted it to her. What a coincidence that he prepared things that I hated the most. Perhaps God really doesn’t want him to chase after me. 
Mr. Jackson, I think we should only be friends. Please don’t blame me but God, for he has played a prank on you. 
As Hannah was deep in thought, she unknowingly shrugged her shoulder.
“Damn, when can I go back? I wonder what is happening over there? If they start fighting, will Fabian lose to him?” Meanwhile, Jason was pacing back and forth downstairs in the hospital while murmuring to himself. 
Helen felt increasingly dizzy because Jason kept pacing in front of her. As such, she said helplessly, “Can you stop pacing back and forth? Don’t worry about Fabian. He’s not an idiot like you.” 
After witnessing the encounter between Fabian and Xavier yesterday, Helen was confident about Fabian’s EQ. Besides, she wasn’t worried about him at all because Hannah would certainly side with him. 
“What a heartless woman! Fabian is on the battlefield now, yet you can still feel relaxed. He shouldn’t treat you so well.” The next moment, Jason suddenly realized something and said dissatisfiedly, “Who’s an idiot? You’re the idiot, not me!” 
Helen rolled her eyes as she was rendered speechless by the impetuous Jason. Your dim-witted response proved exactly that you’re an idiot. 
Suddenly, Helen saw a familiar figure approaching her. She immediately came up to Jason and dragged him to the other side. 
“What are you doing? Don’t pull at my clothes!” Jason hit Helen’s hand with disdain to stop her from pulling his clothes and glanced around. 
I would be embarrassed if others saw that a young girl dragged me with her! 
“Hush!” Helen put her fingers on her lips and said nervously. 
Given that she behaved cautiously, Jason knew that she wasn’t joking around. Therefore, he fell silent and slowly looked in the direction where she was glancing at.
“What…” Once Jason realized that it was Xavier, he got emotional and was about to rush toward him. 
Nevertheless, Helen didn’t let him go. After all, if he fought with Xavier, all of her efforts would be in vain. Moreover, Hannah might even have a bad impression of Fabian. 
As such, Helen covered his mouth firmly to stop him from making any noise. 
Jason couldn’t tolerate it and kept resisting her. However, he couldn’t wriggle from her hands no matter how hard he tried. At this moment, her hands were like two iron clamps that held his mouth forcefully. 
He couldn’t help but whine silently. Did she have some pills? Why is she so strong? 
Helen’s gaze moved as Xavier was walking.
###Chapter 1206
Chapter 1206 
After Xavier left, Helen heaved a sigh of relief and finally let go of Jason. 
“Are you mad? Why did you restrain me?” As soon as she loosened her grip, Jason complained furiously. 
“You’re the mad one. What were you trying to do just now?” Helen replied matter-of-factly. 
“What was I trying to do? To beat him up, of course. He should have expected it for going after Fabian’s wife.” He replied cockily, unwilling to show the white feather. Moreover, he didn’t think that he was wrong. 
“I really wish to rip out your brain to find out what’s in it. I mean, you’re already an adult. How can you always resort to violence?” Helen said to him scornfully. 
Jason flew into a rage upon hearing it. How dare you lecture me? Even my dad has never lectured me like this! 
“Come on. Rip it out now. People like you won’t understand anyway. I am such a straightforward person. Why should I use my brain to scheme against someone when I can knock him out instantly?” Once he finished, he tilted his head, daring her to rip out his brain. 
Helen was rendered speechless. Well, since Jason is the heir to the Goldstein family, he can’t be an idiot. However, his logic is really… extraordinary. 
Helen pursed her lips and didn’t dwell on it. Instead, she walked toward Hannah’s ward. 
“Mr. Jackson, how is it? Did Ms. Young agree to be with you? I contributed a lot to this. Would you consider giving me two days’ leave so that I can have some time to relax?” Xavier’s assistant said with
a smug face since Xavier was smiling. 
Unfortunately, Xavier smiled in a self-deprecating way because he had been tricked. Hence, his assistant was unlucky for saying something in the worst possible taste. 
“Two days’ leave, huh? I’ll give you two years!” Xavier initially wanted to hold in his anger. Nonetheless, after listening to his assistant, he was boiling in rage and completely lost his temper. 
The next moment, Xavier smashed his phone onto the ground. 
Once the assistant witnessed it, he immediately realized that something wasn’t right. As such, he hastily lowered his gaze and only peeked at Xavier to observe his face. 
At the same time, he was bewildered. What happened to Mr. Jackson? Why is he furious? Didn’t he confess his feelings to Ms. Young? Could it be that it was unsuccessful? It can’t be! With Ms. Helen’s help and the well-planned gift, how could Mr. Jackson fail? 
The assistant prayed to God and kept pondering over it. However, he still couldn’t figure out what went wrong. 
“Why did you stop? Carry on!” Xavier yelled while glaring at him. 
Mr. Jackson, I dare not speak anymore. Please spare me. Even an idiot can tell that you’re furious. Would I become your punching bag if I continue to irritate you? 
Please tell me the reason, if at all possible. I only wish to know why you’re upset. 
He kept his mouth shut while thinking to himself. Lowering his head and waiting for Xavier to berate him, he appeared to have resigned himself to fate. 
Although Xavier was boiling with rage, he understood that it had nothing to do with his assistant.
“Humph!” Xavier sneered and gave his assistant a cold-eyed stare. A moment later, he let it pass and instructed, “Find out what happened between Fabian and Helen recently.” 
Fabian and Helen? Ms. Young’s sister? What could happen between them? 
My god, could it be that they are dating? But it’s impossible. After all, Mr. Jackson wouldn’t be livid if they are dating. 
Wait a minute. She is Ms. Young’s sister! Wasn’t it her idea to gift the notebook to Ms. Young? 
Did they band together to fool Mr. Jackson? How could that be? Since Mr. Jackson trusted her very much, how dare she trick him?
###Chapter 1207
Chapter 1207 
“Aren’t you going to move? What are you still standing there for? Do you really think you’re on a break for two years?” Fabian bellowed at his assistant, who stood as if rooted to the spot. 
“I’ll check on it immediately,” His assistant hurriedly replied. He broke into a little sprint, making the call when he was about equidistant from Xavier. 
“Who would’ve thought you’d make a move so quickly, Fabian? Even Hannah’s sister has been dragged into it! I believe, however, that I’ll still emerge as the winner. That cruelty was simply uncalled for! You didn’t give a damn about Hannah’s feelings in your frenzy to get me. You’re really forgetful, aren’t you? Have you really forgotten how Vivian was snatched away by Finnick? If you carry on like this, don’t blame me for taking Hannah away from you either!” 
Xavier tilted his head towards the sky. His eyes gleamed craftily, their depths unfathomable. There was a sly look on his face, and his mouth was curved into a smile that looked more like a grimace. He looked absolutely sinister. 
After Fabian had finished feeding Winson, he brought the bowl of soup to Hannah’s bedside. 
Hannah watched Fabian approach, glad and deeply moved. She refused him, however, on account of them not being actual husband and wife. Hannah was grateful enough that Fabian would bother to feed her even while she was presently incapacitated. “There’s no need. I can feed myself now, so I won’t have to trouble you to feed me anymore.” 
Fabian’s brow wrinkled ever so slightly. An obstinate look flashed across his eyes as he commanded, “Open up!” 
Hannah sighed, knowing that she was no match for Fabian’s determination. She humbly acquiesced.
Fabian was pleased with Hannah’s obedience. He visibly relaxed and directed a spoonful of soup into Hannah’s mouth. Just as she was about to drink, however, the door swung open vehemently. 
“Um… I think I’m a little too early,” Helen gulped, turning to Jason. Both of them took in the sight of Hannah frozen with her mouth open, ready to drink the soup. Fabian’s arm, still holding the spoon, was similarly hovering in mid-air. 
Jason emerged from behind Helen and silently surveyed the scene. He, too, bashfully stammered, “Uh… I think so, too.” 
The two of them, usually at odds with each other, were in perfect sync for once. They turned on their heels immediately and prepared to march out. 
Helpless, Hannah cursed herself for giving in to Fabian. How awkward this is! These two really chose the worst possible time to come back. 
“Jason, come here and help to wash some apples,” Fabian ordered, unfazed. He reassumed his former posture, intent on accomplishing his task of feeding Hannah her soup. 
Hannah looked shamefacedly at Jason and Helen, who were both entering the room slowly. Shyly, she opened her mouth a little, her face crimson with embarrassment. 
Hannah didn’t actually strongly to Fabian feeding her. In the presence of Helen and Jason, however, she felt unendurably self-conscious. 
Glancing at Hannah’s flushed face, Helen couldn’t help but smother the giggle that rose within her. At the same time, she was impressed by Fabian’s gentlemanly manner. The sight further affirmed Helen’s resolve in her treatment of Xavier. If Xavier really succeeded in luring Hannah away, wouldn’t Hannah be losing a good man?
The bowl of soup drained rather quickly. 
If Fabian feeds me like this every day, I’m going to turn into a big, fat pig! Hannah reflected, content. 
His mission completed, Fabian suddenly invited Jason to step outside with him. 
“Hannah, I didn’t know you still had some modesty left in you! When Fabian was feeding you just now, your face was as red as an apple,” Helen teased the moment Fabian left the room. 
Hannah rolled her eyes. Trying to conceal her embarrassment, she replied, “You’re fond of teasing me, aren’t you?” 
“Hey, are you denying it? I should have quickly snapped a photo just now! I’m absolutely certain he’ll do it again. Just you wait, I’ll definitely get a record.
###Chapter 1208
Chapter 1208 
“Sure, take a photo next time. I won’t stop you,” Hannah said in a huff. 
“All right, I’ll stop teasing you. On a serious note, let me ask you something,” Helen said, suddenly sobering up. 
Seeing Helen’s solemn face, Hannah rearranged her features to match her sister’s unsmiling look. “Sure, ask away.” 
“Hannah, when are you planning on getting married to Fabian?” Helen asked, looking at Hannah searchingly. 
When? Helen, I’m still wondering when Fabian will decide to divorce me! I really don’t know how to answer this question. Hannah thought to herself ruefully. 
Seeing Hannah lost in contemplation, Helen probed, “What’s wrong, Hannah? Don’t tell me you haven’t even decided on whether or not to marry Fabian?” 
Hannah nodded her head slightly mournfully. Fabian had neither given her adequate information nor a proper introduction to his family. 
Horrified, Helen cried, “Hannah, how can that be? Where else can you find a man as good as Fabian? If you don’t seize this opportunity, you might never get another chance like this one!” 
Helen’s rave review piqued Hannah’s curiosity. Has Fabian drugged or hypnotized Helen? She’s completely under his spell! Hannah mused to herself. 
“You haven’t been bought over by Fabian, have you? Did he leave just so you could try your hand at convincing me?” Hannah demanded.
“Hannah, how could you have such low regard for me? I’m very hurt by that presumption,” Helen declared. She pursed her lips, sulking. 
“Hannah, I’m your sister. I always have your best interests at heart. All I want is for you to live happily ever after! After what happened at the mall, it’s evident that Fabian is a responsible man. Besides, he showed you a lot of care when you had your operation. Over these past two days, he’s practically moved into the hospital to be with you! He’s even willing to forsake the company he’s president of in order to look after you all day and night. Isn’t that enough to show how much he cares for you? How much he loves you? Besides…” 
Hannah listened to Helen diligently analyze Fabian’s affections for her, unable to refute any of the points that had been raised in earnest. However, Hannah couldn’t help but wonder if it was all a facade. Until that very moment, Hannah was still unable to decisively characterize the type of person that Fabian was. He seemed venerably cold at times, but Hannah couldn’t deny that Fabian had shown a great deal of care for her lately. However, past encounters with Fabian’s heartless side prevented Hannah from whole-heartedly committing to the idea that Fabian was a good and reliable man. Hannah was thus torn between the multiple personas she’d seen Fabian put on in turn. 
Perhaps they’re just two different sides of the same person. When he’s in high spirits, he’ll treat me with a little more kindness. When he’s upset, he’ll treat me a little worse. What do you do with a man like that? Hannah thought, conflicted. 
“Hannah? Hannah? Are you listening to what I’m saying?” Helen called. Hannah immediately recovered herself, then exhaled slowly. 
“We’re still thinking about the wedding. There are a lot of considerations to make. Don’t worry about me. I’ll handle it.” Hannah replied thoughtfully.
“In that case, I won’t interfere anymore. Anyway, the Fabian that I see now is a pretty good guy. If I manage to find someone like him for myself, I’ll be perfectly content,” Helen added as her final parting shot. 
“Oh, are we talking about you now? What about you? Have you turned disillusioned with love yet?” Hannah asked, vividly recalling Helen’s breakup the day before. She wasn’t too worried about Helen, however, confident that Helen was more level-headed and reasonable. 
“No, no. I’ll never lose faith in love! I firmly believe that I’ll eventually meet my Prince Charming. You never know. He may treat me even better than Fabian treats you now!” Helen declared, erupting into peals of laughter. An undercurrent of sadness, however, rippled beneath her cheery exterior. 
Helen had thrown herself whole-heartedly into her relationship, only to be cast aside for money. It would have been heartbreaking enough to receive that treatment from a friend, much less someone Helen had given her entire heart to. 
Helen, however, buried her hurt deep within herself. Even Hannah was unable to detect any unusual shifts in Helen’s behavior. Hannah thus broached the question tentatively, “So, Helen, what do you think about Jason?”
###Chapter 1209
Chapter 1209 
“Jason? He’s utterly irresponsible. All he thinks about is fighting and other forms of violence! How good can a guy like that be? Get Winson to stay away from him in the future. I don’t want him picking up any bad habits from Jason,” Helen remarked disapprovingly. 
“I think Jason’s all right. He may have a few bad habits, but he’s good-hearted. He isn’t as foolish as you say he is. I heard Fabian say that he isn’t short on brains either. Whenever anyone tries to get the better of them, Jason’s always right up there with Fabian,” Hannah insisted, determined to clear Jason’s name. 
“He told me that too. He came off as rather insufferably arrogant, though,” Helen retorted. Then she turned to Hannah, aghast. “Hannah! You’re not trying to matchmake us, are you? Neither of us will be able to get much peace if we’re together.” 
Hannah had had that plan in mind but abruptly terminated it at Helen’s violent rejection. She smiled at Helen awkwardly, saying, “Uh… I wasn’t matchmaking, exactly. He just happened to come up, that’s all.” 
“That had better be the case. I’d sooner marry a pig than that man,” Helen fumed. At the thought of Jason’s haughty face, Helen felt an irresistible urge to lash out at something, preferably him. 
At that moment, the door swung open yet again, and Fabian entered alone. 
“Where’s Jason?” Hannah asked in surprise. 
Hmph! That fellow had better stay out of here. Let us have some peace here for once. Helen thought spitefully. 
“Jason’s gone to deal with some matters of his own,” Fabian replied casually.
“Does he even have anything to do? I thought all he did was loiter around and run his mouth,” Helen remarked disdainfully. 
Jason, who’d walked to the entrance of the hospital, sneezed unwittingly. He chuckled to himself, muttering, “Is someone bitching about me behind my back?” 
Another woman, walking past him, glanced at him strangely. 
Jason was used to adoring looks, unlike the condescending one he’d just received. Aggrieved, he addressed the woman, “What are you looking at? Haven’t you ever met someone as handsome as me?” 
The woman snorted. “Hey there boy, you’re pretty full of yourself.” 
Boy? 
Jason’s faced turned several shades darker. Infuriated, he drew himself up and challenged, “Who are you calling a boy? Do you think you’re that much better than me?” 
“You’ve got a pretty big temper for a small guy,” the woman observed mockingly. 
It was an arrow straight through Jason’s heart. “What’s it to you?” he yelled. 
“It’s none of my business, of course,” the woman said, shrugging. Kindly, she continued, “Let me give you a piece of advice. Don’t behave so recklessly. You’ll suffer for it.” 
Another of those morality preachers! Jason thought in irritation. 
Helen and her meddling personality sprang unbidden to Jason’s mind. He stuck out his tongue and said defiantly, “That’s the way I am. What are you going to do about it?”
“Boy, I’m not going to argue with you over something as petty as this. Just try your best to be polite, OK?” the woman said patronizingly with an exasperated look on her face. 
“Who’s being impolite? Did your parents teach you to judge people like this?” Jason interrogated her. He absolutely could not endure being called rude by others. When Jason was younger, his father had beat him without hesitation whenever there were comments about Jason’s rudeness. 
“Boy, watch how you speak to others. Didn’t your parents teach you any manners? Really, kids nowadays are all so wild! Look at how rudely they speak,” the woman answered curtly. She had evidently taken a dislike to Jason by now. 
Jason was on the edge of his tether by then. If it had been a man speaking to him as such, Jason would have answered with his fists long ago. “Look at yourself! You may be older than I am, but you’re just as immature as me. So what if I’m arrogant? What are you going to do about it?” 
Vexed, the woman took a deep breath and made as if to speak when her phone rang shrilly from within her handbag. Glaring at Jason, she answered the call, saying, “OK, I’m downstairs. Wait for me. I’ll be heading upstairs in a while.”
###Chapter 1210
Chapter 1210 
When she hung up, the woman turned towards Jason and gave him a frosty look. “I’m busy now, so I won’t stoop to arguing with you. Just mind your manners in the future, or you’ll really suffer for it.” 
Having said her piece, the woman turned and stalked away. Jason was left standing where he was, looking after her rather uncertainly. 
He clenched his jaw and said through gritted teeth, “You won’t stoop so low as to argue with me? If it wasn’t for Fabian getting me to fetch Uncle Hendrick, I’d hound you for sure! I don’t like to leave things unfinished like this. Let’s see what you’re really capable of then!” 
Having ranted thus, Jason, too, turned and continued on his way. 
Jason had the crucial task of bringing Uncle Hendrick and Aunt Gillian to the hospital. It was time for Fabian to confess his relationship with Hannah to the Youngs. Otherwise, things could get pretty awkward when it was eventually time for both families to meet. 
Back in the VIP hospital room, Helen was leisurely chatting with Fabian. His background, lifestyle, and anything else that sprang to Helen’s mind. Fabian’s life was laid bare on the table, then wickedly dissected by Helen. 
Fabian, to his credit, answered each question stoically. Beside them, Hannah merely listened, occasionally laughing along. 
Just then, a knock came on the door, followed by a woman’s voice asking, “Can we come in?” 
“Sure, come on in,” Helen called towards the door.
The door cracked open as if on command. Hannah strained slightly to catch a glimpse of the visitor. She hadn’t been able to put her finger on who that voice could have belonged to. 
“Hey Sis, I’m here to take care of you!” Lyna proclaimed with great gusto as she burst into the room. 
Hannah laughed gaily. “I’m honored, Lyna.” 
Hannah had always been on good terms with Lyna. Lyna’s visit now to the hospital only further cemented Hannah’s goodwill towards her. 
Did she just call Hannah “Sis”? Is this Hannah’s sister from her Blackwood side of the family? 
Helen considered Lyna carefully. The latter wore a black lace mini-skirt that exhibited her cream-white legs, along with a pair of white high heels. She’d tied back her long hair into a sweeping ponytail, and the light makeup that she had put on only served to enhance her natural beauty. Altogether, Lyna was a lovely picture to behold. 
Helen’s first reaction, however, was a rather snide thought. How does anyone even manage to balance in those heels? 
She mentally batted away the thought, however, and said politely, “Hello.” 
Startled, Lyna glanced at Helen. Her expression of shock was quickly replaced with a winning smile. “Are you Hannah’s younger sister? You’re so pretty! You could almost be an actress,” Lyna gushed. 
The dazzling compliment naturally weakened Helen’s defenses against Lyna. Even though Helen knew that it was largely due to equal parts courtesy and flattery, she couldn’t help but feel delighted, nonetheless. 
“You’re too kind! I don’t think there’s much of a difference between you and me, though,” Helen replied demurely.
Lyna scanned the room, her eyes falling upon Fabian. She smiled at him sweetly, saying, “Mr. Norton, it’s good to have you here to take care of Hannah. I won’t have to worry so much about her then.” 
Deep down, however, Lyna felt a twinge of bitterness. She’d always had her heart set on marrying Fabian, yet here he was treating another woman with more affection than he had ever displayed towards her. Lyna couldn’t help but resent both of them for it. However, on account of their being sisters, Lyna suppressed her feelings and tried to retain positive feelings towards them. 
Lyna thus compelled herself to treat Hannah well out of fear that Fabian might get a bad impression of her. She consoled herself with the thought that there would be time to deal with Hannah once she’d secured Fabian in marriage. 
“No need to thank me, Ms. Blackwood. It’s only right that I take care of Hannah,” Fabian answered evenly. 
“Oh, by the way…” Helen began but was forcefully interrupted by Hannah. “Lyna, Winson happened to buy two sets of facial masks for me. Would you like one set?” 
Baffled, Helen looked at her sister. 
Hannah fiercely shot Helen a glance to subdue her. 
“Hannah, you’re too kind! I appreciate the thought, but please keep the masks. I still have my own stash of them that I haven’t been able to finish using. It would be greedy for me to take yours as well,” Lyna said.
###Chapter 1211
Chapter 1211 
At the back of Lyna’s mind, however, she was sneering at Hannah. Is this some kind of joke? I wouldn’t even touch your facial masks! My facial masks are of premium quality. How can yours even compare? 
Lyna had always despised the Young family for being much poorer than she was. Winson isn’t that well-off himself. Who knows the quality of the facial masks that he buys? What if they end up damaging my face? Lyna considered this in horror. 
“If you don’t want them, I won’t force them onto you then,” Hannah said pleasantly. She hadn’t really expected Lyna to accept her offering anyway. Hannah had been more intent on interrupting Helen. 
The hospital room soon swelled with the sound of excited chatter amongst its occupants. Even Winson, who tended to be more reserved, was sufficiently stirred to pipe up a couple of times in the conversation. 
During a brief bathroom break, Hannah took the opportunity to confide in Helen that Fabian’s identity had thus far deterred them from disclosing the relationship between Hannah and Fabian to the rest of the Blackwoods. The Blackwoods thus remained blissfully ignorant of what was going on. 
Hannah had repeatedly warned Helen that she was not, under any circumstances, to refer to their relationship in the presence of the Blackwoods. Fabian and Hannah would adopt the mantle of brother and sister for now. 
Helen found this arrangement rather peculiar but agreed nonetheless. 
With everyone engaged in deep conversation, the morning seemed to pass in the blink of an eye. Amelia had come by to deliver some home-cooked food, and Fabian insisted on feeding Hannah himself. Unused to the attention, Hannah took delicate bites rather self-consciously.
At the sight of Fabian tenderly feeding another woman, the loathing in Lyna’s heart grew. She’d already spent the morning cursing Hannah thoroughly in her mind. If Lyna hadn’t been more dedicated to staying in Fabian’s good graces, she would have lashed out at Hannah long ago. 
After Hannah had finished her meal, Fabian got ready to leave. Before doing so, however, Fabian painstakingly instructed Helen on how to feed Hannah her next bowl of soup. 
“Have you brought the Youngs out to eat?” Fabian asked, having immediately called Jason after exiting the hospital. 
“Relax, Fabian. We’ve eaten. We’re at the villa at Lyon Gardens waiting for you to come over,” Jason said on the other end of the line, thumping his chest vigorously. He was determined to prove his reliability to Fabian. 
“Got it. I’m coming over right away,” Fabian said, hanging up. 
The chauffeur was already on standby. When Fabian appeared, the chauffeur briskly held the car door open for him. Fabian slid into the passenger seat, then ordered, “To the villa at Lyon Gardens.” 
The car rolled off. Fabian gazed at the scenery flashing past his window. His mind was turning over the Young family’s possible reactions to the news of Fabian and Hannah’s relationship. His mouth curved up inadvertently into a smile. 
Fabian drummed his fingernails against the window of the car as he thought. He had no qualms about proclaiming his relationship with Hannah to the Young family. This was, however, largely due to his boundless self-confidence. 
The car soon drew up in front of the villa. Fabian got off, took a deep breath of fresh air, then strolled in.
“Fabian, you’re here! Uncle Hendrick and Aunt Gillian are both inside the villa. Come on in,” Jason ran up to welcome Fabian. 
Fabian gave Jason a slight nod, then followed him in. 
“Dad! Mom!” Fabian boldly announced as soon as he entered the room. 
Both Hendrick and Gillian were utterly flummoxed. They look at each other, then at Fabian, in confusion. 
They weren’t the only ones perplexed by the situation. Jason, standing beside Fabian, looked equally bewildered. The three of them turned towards Fabian with questioning glances. 
Fabian! What on earth are you doing? You might be dating Hannah, but shouldn’t you be a little more subtle about it? How can you address her parents that? You aren’t married to her yet! Stunned, Jason willed Fabian to have some sense. 
“Dad, Mom, please take a seat. I’ll explain everything to you in a jiffy,” Fabian calmly continued, glancing at each of their mystified faces. 
Good Heavens! There’s a whole story to it? Jason wondered. 
A thousand questions surfaced in Hendrick and Gillian’s minds all at once. Is Fabian planning on marrying one of our daughters? Or is he calling us Dad and Mom because he’s Jason’s elder brother?”
###Chapter 1212
Chapter 1212 
“To be completely honest with you, Hannah and I got married recently,” Fabian confessed. He remained watchful, however, of the Youngs’ facial expressions. His revelation had, unsurprisingly, provoked looks of displeasure on their faces. 
It was Jason who had the most exaggerated reaction. Jason had settled down on the sofa next to Fabian with a glass of water in hand. He had just taken a sip when Fabian delivered the news. The resulting spray from Jason’s mouth doused the entire sofa as he reeled in shock from the news. 
Good god! It can’t be… can it? Fabian, isn’t that rather outrageous, even for you? How could you and Hannah get married behind her own parents’ backs? And for you to deliver the news so coolly to them! Incredible! Simply incredible! Jason gaped at Fabian in disbelief. 
The Youngs stared at Fabian as if in a daze. Hendrick’s grip on his glass of water had tightened so much his knuckles had turned white. Of the manifold possibilities that had presented themselves to Hendrick, Hannah’s marriage to Fabian had not been amongst them. 
“When did this happen?” Hendrick said roughly. His face had turned a dark shade of purple, and his voice quivered with barely suppressed rage. 
“Approximately two months ago,” Fabian replied, still very much at ease. 
“Why didn’t you tell us then?” Hendrick demanded. It took almost every ounce of his self-control to remain civil towards this young man before him. Even though it was no secret that Hannah wasn’t his own flesh and blood, Hendrick nonetheless cared for her as his own. 
If this fellow dares bully my daughter, I’ll never forgive him! So what if he’s a big shot in his company? I’m not afraid of him! Hendrick thought defiantly.
“It had to be done urgently,” Fabian replied, with a glimmer of resignation in his eyes. 
“Did Hannah tell either of you when we began dating?” Fabian enquired, fixing his gaze on Hendrick. 
Hendrick shook his head. He gestured for Fabian to continue, daring Fabian to produce a satisfying explanation. 
“All right. I think Hannah hasn’t told the two of you about her surgery either, I suppose,” Fabian continued evenly. 
“What surgery?” Hendrick asked. Each statement of Fabian’s seemed to further confound rather than enlighten them. 
“I thought so,” Fabian muttered to himself. He turned to his briefcase and fished out a stack of documents, which he then handed over to Hendrick. 
“Two months before we got married, Hannah’s classmate Matilda got into an accident and was sent to the ER. Matilda was in urgent need of a transfusion, but the blood bank was out of her blood type. Matilda’s husband contacted Hannah, knowing that Matilda and Hannah shared the same blood type. He pleaded with Hannah to save Matilda. Hannah couldn’t turn down such a request, of course. However, Matilda had already lost too much blood. A second donor couldn’t be found within such short notice, so Hannah bravely volunteered. After Hannah had donated half a quart of blood, she turned as white as a sheet. Fearful of the risk to Hannah’s life, I begged her not to continue. Hannah, however, obstinately insisted on carrying on with the blood transfusion and donating the entire quart of blood as was required,” Fabian said. 
He paused to take a deep breath as if summoning all his strength to continue with the rest of his tale. Meeting the Youngs’ gazes levelly, Fabian continued, “The doctor was concerned about who would take responsibility if the worst somehow happened to Hannah and asked for consent from her family
members. Hannah didn’t want to worry you both and was afraid that you’d disapprove anyway. We thus immediately signed marriage papers there and then, and I gave consent to the blood transfusion. That’s also the reason why I opposed Hannah’s bone marrow transplant. It’s also why I opted for a switch in hospitals.” 
Fabian concluded his lengthy speech with a huge sigh, looking rather deflated. He felt a wave of relief, frustration, and despair crash over him all at once. 
Jason, meanwhile, was incredulous. Good Heavens! Who would’ve thought that Fabian and Hannah would have had such an incredible backstory to their relationship? If I ever meet my future wife under circumstances half as exciting as this, I’d be bragging about it all the time! 
The Youngs looked shell-shocked. Hendrick stretched out a shaky hand to receive the documents from Fabian and peered at them. The date, the hospital’s letterhead, as well as Fabian’s signature were all there exactly as he had said.
###Chapter 1213
Chapter 1213 
Hendrick dared not imagine what the Youngs would do if the worst had indeed happened to Hannah while she was undergoing the blood transfusion. More importantly, when the Blackwood family came to demand Hannah’s return, what answer could he possibly give them? 
Hendrick fixed a piercing gaze on Fabian for a long time, speechless. Fury burned within the depths of his dark eyes. Hendrick said nothing, but his eyes were accusing. What if something had happened to Hannah then? Would you have been able to bear that responsibility? 
Fabian met Hendrick’s gaze unflinchingly. He was well aware of the reproach in Hendrick’s eyes. 
“Why don’t you look at the second document?” Fabian said gently. He nudged another stack of documents into Hendrick’s hands. 
Hendrick picked it up, weighing it in his hands. This set of documents was much thicker than the marriage papers he’d just seen. It consisted of at least ten pages. 
Hendrick held it up. It proclaimed in bold, black letters: Phoenix Group, Share Transfer Agreement. 
Jason peeked over from the side. When he’d made out what the letters read, his nostrils flared in astonishment and his jaw dropped. Jason would have yelped if he hadn’t had the decency to hold himself back. 
Phoenix Group’s shares? Hendrick may not have fully grasped the significance of the documents, but it was not lost on Jason. As the heir to the Goldstein Family’s business and fortune, Jason was completely awed by Fabian’s prowess. 
What a guy! Jason thought admiringly. He felt entirely affirmed in his worship of Fabian.
What else can I say? Let me sit at your feet for the rest of your life, Fabian! Jason feverishly vowed. Only Fabian could hand over shares belonging to the biggest company ever without batting an eyelid. Then again, nobody else would have such a unique combination of capability and boldness in the first place. 
Hendrick could nonetheless feel the gravity of the Phoenix Group’s stamp that these simple A4 papers belied. He felt a tinge of exhilaration as he slowly turned each page. 
Hendrick soon arrived at the final page, only half-comprehending the contents of the document. He’d roughly understood what it meant and thus hadn’t the patience to examine it too closely. 
The crux of the entire document lay on the final page, where Hendrick could see Ten percent of shares clearly spelled out. He wasn’t a businessman, but he had more than an inkling of what this ten percent was worth. 
Hendrick’s eyes traveled downwards, noting where Fabian had initialled three of his signatures with a flourish. The other side, however, was blank. 
Fabian hastened to explain. “I had this document written and signed when the second half quart of blood was drawn from Hannah. If anything had happened to Hannah, I would have delivered these documents to your family. As long as I possess more than ten percent of shares in Phoenix Group, anyone who signs their name on these documents will set this contract into effect. This was what little compensation I could offer Hannah.” 
Hendrick handed the contract over to Gillian, who likewise flipped through it. She, too, felt the importance of the papers she held in her hand. 
“You can take a look at the third document now,” Fabian said serenely.
Hendrick frowned. He then said directly to Fabian, “There’s no need. I believe that you do love Hannah as much as you say you do.” 
Besides her husband, Gillian nodded vigorously. 
“Both of us know what Hannah is like. She’s stubborn and isn’t easily swayed. I don’t blame you for signing the contract,” Hendrick continued. 
He paused, then went on. “As for your marriage to Hannah, I admit I was shocked when I first heard it. After listening carefully to your explanation, however, I think you made the best choice given the circumstances.” 
Hendrick sounded infinitely more reasonable now that he had calmed down visibly. There were even traces of a smile hovering over his thin lips. 
Jason felt a renewed sense of admiration for Fabian. Fabian, I’ve hung around you for so many years! When will you finally impart your ways to me? You’re successful in your business, propelling Phoenix Group to the very top. You’re even so successful in love that even when you got married behind your father-in-law’s back, he didn’t blame you for it! I’ve really got to take a page or two out of your book.
###Chapter 1214
Chapter 1214 
Jason looked at Fabian with such a mix of envy and awe that his gaze almost bore a hole through Fabian’s skull. 
“I have a question. Why did you decide to tell me all this now, after two months have already passed?” Hendrick asked quizzically after a moment’s deep thought. 
“Hannah didn’t want me to at first. She said the time wasn’t right. Afterward, I was busy with an endless stream of work at the office and couldn’t find the time to pay the two of you a visit,” Fabian replied apologetically. 
“Fortunately, since both of you had planned to head over to the hospital to take care of Hannah, I decided that it was the best time to be totally honest. I wanted the two of you to meet my mother, too, to discuss my and Hannah’s wedding. I have to make it up to her for our hasty marriage before,” Fabian continued sheepishly. 
Wow! I hope Fabian lets me be his best man, Jason thought excitedly. He was glad that Fabian and Hannah would indeed be getting married. 
Hendrick, however, seemed apprehensive. His brow, having just relaxed, immediately furrowed once more. Awkwardly, Hendrick stammered, “Fabian, I may not be able to have the final say in this matter. I’m sure you know that I… I’m not Hannah’s real father. I don’t think I’m entirely qualified to approve of your marriage to Hannah.” 
If it had been up to Hendrick, he would have instantly sanctioned Hannah and Fabian’s union. However, Hannah was now accountable to another family. Both Leo and Winson had laid their claims on Hannah as her father and brother, respectively. Just two days ago, Leo had approached Hendrick to discuss the matter of Hannah legally becoming a Blackwood.
Upon hearing Hendrick’s statement of resignation, Jason felt indignant on Hendrick’s behalf. What right did the Blackwood family have to abandon Hannah, then demand her back at a whim? Had Hendrick’s labor all been in vain then? 
“Don’t worry about that, Mr. Young. I’ve already checked with Hannah, and she doesn’t want to join the Blackwoods. She still acknowledges the Young family as her own. The only one holding her back is Winson,” Fabian explained. 
Ha! Hannah is a fitting partner for Fabian indeed, Jason smirked. She clearly doesn’t give a damn about the Blackwoods. Surely they can’t expect Hannah to have any feelings for them whatsoever after treating her so wretchedly! 
Jason’s approval of Hannah had gone up through the roof over the course of Hendrick and Fabian’s exchange. She sounded exactly like someone Jason could get along with. 
“But the Blackwoods approached me yesterday to discuss the matter of Hannah changing her last name…” Hendrick said fearfully. 
“Don’t worry. Hannah had already plainly expressed her refusal to the Blackwoods. She won’t be changing her last name. Furthermore, Hannah is insistent that her wedding matters will be none of the Blackwood family’s business. She even jokingly reflected that a brother and a few other friends were all she would be gaining from the Blackwoods’ side,” Fabian continued, reassuring. 
Hendrick felt relief wash over him. He’d long harbored the secret fear that Hannah would grow aloof once she’d married. Hendrick could now rest easy knowing that the Young family had a secure place in Hannah’s heart. He felt slightly ashamed for having overthought things before. 
Nonetheless, Hendrick remained somewhat conflicted. Hannah would benefit from joining the Blackwoods. They were, after all, a wealthy and distinguished family, and Hannah would indeed stand
to gain a sizeable inheritance. Hendrick, however, could promise Hannah no such fortune. In fact, there was even the possibility that the Youngs might have to rely on Hannah for financial support in the future. 
On the other hand, Hendrick’s fatherly instincts yearned to have his daughter remain by his side. Hannah may not have been Hendrick’s own flesh and blood, but he’d amassed no small amount of love for Hannah from the twenty years or so from raising her. The Youngs had always treated Hannah as their own. Neither Hendrick nor Gillian could bear the thought of parting with Hannah. 
“All right. Let’s clarify things once and for all. Hannah loves you both deeply, so please don’t break her heart in the name of her supposedly bright future,” Fabian declared solemnly as he looked at Hendrick and Gillian in turn.
###Chapter 1215
Chapter 1215 
Hendrick nodded his head, agreeing fervently. After all, if Hannah had been desperate for riches and glory, she would have promptly signed on the dotted line of Fabian’s contract back then, wouldn’t she? 
He couldn’t help but swell with pride at the thought. Good girl! Hendrick thought proudly. I’m glad you’ve got a backbone of your own. They didn’t manage to buy you over! 
Observing Hendrick’s features relax soften once more, Fabian inwardly heaved a long sigh of relief. The immensely draining ordeal was over at last. 
The Phoenix Group Transfer of Shares Agreement had actually been witnessed by a few of the company’s shareholders. Fabian had had it prepared for if he and Hannah got a divorce. The contract hadn’t quite served its intended purpose but had proven to be unexpectedly useful in the meantime. 
As for that consent form, Fabian had taken pains to seek out the help of a hospital staff member. The cherry on top of this delightful fabrication was Hannah’s hospital record. Fabian had had it manufactured by an expert he’d sourced online. 
Jason, totally oblivious to Fabian’s machinations, looked at the Youngs’ content faces. All’s well that ends well, I suppose! 
“Uncle Hendrick, Aunt Gillian, didn’t I tell you how great Fabian was? Wasn’t I speaking the truth? You’ve seen for yourselves how considerate Fabian is of Hannah. He spent the whole night at the hospital yesterday! He practically moved in to stay,” Jason concluded, beaming. 
Jason hadn’t deliberately intended to flatter Fabian or exaggerate. It was a fact that Fabian had always been good to Hannah. Gillian flashed a dazzling smile at Fabian. “Hannah can be rather headstrong at times. Please try to be patient with her.”
Neither Hendrick nor Gillian was able to sufficiently express the joy they felt at that moment. Hannah’s impending marriage had always loomed over their heads. The Youngs agonized as they watched Hannah mature into a beautiful woman with no obvious intentions of settling down. Now, however, they could repose in the fact that Hannah was finally married, and to a man like Fabian who evidently cared a great deal for her. 
Fabian’s apparent love for Hannah sealed Hendrick’s approval. Hendrick proclaimed heartily, “Young man, you have my blessing. Let’s arrange for a meeting between your parents and ourselves to discuss the wedding then.” 
Hendrick had clearly accepted Fabian into the Young family fold. His attitude towards Fabian now resembled that of a kind, fatherly figure imparting wisdom to his son. 
Hendrick then paused briefly and asked with some misgiving, “Does your family know that you’ve gotten married?” 
He’d heard all about the deep-rooted prejudice that wealthy families had against those they deemed beneath them. If the Norton family ruled that Hannah was incompatible with Fabian, they would never permit both of them to marry. Hendrick resolved never to let Hannah marry into the Norton family if that were the case, remaining fiercely protective of his daughter. 
“Don’t worry. A few days after we signed the marriage papers, I told my Mom about it. She’s already met Hannah, actually. Mom’s even handed down an heirloom bracelet to Hannah,” Fabian informed Hendrick matter-of-factly. 
Fabian had already guessed the reason for Hendrick’s consternation. Fabian had thus specially tailored the story of his mother’s heirloom to allay Hendrick’s fears.
“Fantastic. That’s fantastic,” Hendrick exclaimed with visible relief as if he had just been delivered from a terrible affliction. What was I thinking? Could unreasonable parents even have been able to raise a gentleman like Fabian? 
“I must first tell you something though,” Fabian added. 
“Oh? What is it?” Hendrick could feel his emotions rapidly stirring up in a tumult once more. 
Fabian looked at Hendrick’s anxious face, then laughed. “It isn’t that big of a big deal. It’s about me, actually. I’m afraid that my identity may be a source of unnecessary trouble for Hannah. I’d thus like to plead with you both to keep my relationship with her a secret for now. We’ll naturally announce it when we’ve gotten officially married,” Fabian said confidingly.
###Chapter 1216
Chapter 1216 
Hendrick looked reassured. He’d been worried that Fabian would demand something preposterous from them. This request perfectly aligned with the Youngs’ desire to protect their daughter from trouble, after all. They were all looking out for Hannah, in their own says. 
“No problem, no problem. If that’s the case, we won’t mention it at all,” Hendrick declared. 
“Don’t even mention it to the Blackwoods,” Fabian warned. 
“Even the Blackwoods?” Hendrick was astounded. “They’re Hannah’s family, after all. It wouldn’t hurt, would it?” 
“The Blackwoods are a big family, and it’ll be hard to ensure that the secret stays within them. I’m afraid that if we tell them, the entire industry will find out about it,” Fabian replied mildly. 
Hendrick pondered, then nodded reluctantly. He couldn’t see why the Blackwoods would sabotage Hannah in any way, being one of their own. However, Hendrick trusted his newly-minted son-in-law, deciding that it would be better to avoid the probability altogether. 
“I’ll be damned!” Jason suddenly yelled. The Youngs had nearly forgotten about him amidst their more pressing matters. Curiosity had gotten the better of Jason, and he couldn’t resist peeking at the third document. In doing so, he’d gotten way more than he bargained for. 
The third document, in fact, was a certificate presented to Hannah from a charity organization. Inscribed upon it were these words, In recognition of Ms. Hannah Young for her donation of 15.5 million to the needy students of the Gablurg Tribe. 
Wait! There’s more? Jason hastily turned it over.
At the back of the certificate, someone had penned a thanksgiving note. Thank you, Ms. Hannah Young, for contributing 15.5 million to the education fund of fifty high schools in Horbah. Our administrative blocks will be named after you. 
Another 15.5 million? Fabian, you’ve outdone yourself once again! Jason thought reverently. It was even more astonishing that Fabian had done this all under Hannah’s name. Hannah’s going to be just as famous as those names my school premises were named after! Fabian had thus ensured that Hannah would leave behind a veritable legacy. 
These certificates were indeed genuine. When Regina had previously been bullying Hannah at the office, Fabian had stepped in. The might of Fabian’s formidable forces had sent both Regina and her boyfriend packing to jail. 
Hannah, however, had told Fabian with considerable dissatisfaction that he’d wronged Regina and her boyfriend. Discomfited, Fabian conversely made several donations under Hannah’s name. 
Hannah was nonetheless kept in the dark regarding all of this. Dismissively, Fabian decided not to make too much of a fuss. He’d thus had the certificates and notes of thanks sent directly to the office, bypassing Hannah entirely. 
Jason indeed guessed correctly that Fabian would never tell Hannah about any of this. Even now, she was almost certainly ignorant of the good deeds she had supposedly committed. Jason smirked at the thought of Hannah’s reaction when she found out that her name was plastered on several buildings. 
A crafty thought suddenly occurred to Jason. Why don’t I sell this information to Helen? Besides, I can take the opportunity to brag a little to her! 
“Mr. and Mrs. Young, if there’s nothing else, I’ll be off. I haven’t gone into the office for two days, and there’s sure to be a pile of issues waiting for me to deal with when I get in,” Fabian said politely, getting
to his feet. 
“Oh, there’s nothing else. Go ahead and focus on your work. Don’t worry about Hannah. I’ll be heading over along with her mother to take care of her,” Hendrick replied hurriedly, gesturing to himself and Gillian. 
“Her mother? Aren’t I Fabian’s mother now, too?” Gillian teased, rolling her eyes at Hendrick dramatically. 
Feeling the welcoming warmth of the Young family, Fabian couldn’t help but break out into a wide smile. “That’s right, Mom! Haha!” 
“Uncle Hendrick, Aunt Gillian, why don’t both of you rest here for now? I’m heading out for a while, but I’ll be back to visit Hannah in the afternoon. I’ll drive by to pick the two of you up then,” Jason proposed as he, too, stood up to follow Fabian out of the villa. 
Seeing Jason tag along with him, Fabian couldn’t help but stifle a chuckle in amusement. Jason had always followed Fabian around and must have been hoping to join in whatever Fabian was going to the office to do. Fabian was used to it, however, and said nothing.
###Chapter 1217
Chapter 1217 
“Just go and get busy, Fabian. I’ll go to the hospital to visit Hannah,” Jason said to Fabian with a smile as soon as he had stepped out of the villa’s gate beyond the courtyard. 
At that, surprised overwhelmed Fabian. Why is he acting so out of character today? Usually, he’s reluctant to spend even a single second in the hospital. He’s always grousing that Helen is a silly little girl who keeps bugging him, so why is he now volunteering to go to the hospital? 
“Why, are you missing Helen because you haven’t argued with her for some time?” Fabian teased in a joking manner. 
“Hah! Who’s missing that idiot?” Jason retorted huffily. “I’m missing Hannah!” 
Upon hearing that, Fabian merely shook his head without saying anything further. Inwardly, however, he snickered, He’s missing Hannah? What a joke! 
Subsequently, Jason slipped into the newest model of Camaro that Fabian had given him as a gift. Yet, there was no sound of an engine roaring to life even after an eternity had passed. It turned out that he was searching for information and video clips of Hannah’s charitable deed on the Internet. All those were his bargaining chips when negotiating with Helen, so he naturally couldn’t slip up. 
In no time, he found plenty and saved them all into his cell phone. As he did so, his lips inexorably curved into a smirk, and he muttered to himself, “Hah, take this you damn girl! Show me some sincerity if you want the information. But if you aren’t interested… haha, I’m going to keep you hanging!” 
As he luxuriated in his thoughts, he started the car and zoomed away with a whoosh. 
Wishing to have Helen begging him as soon as possible, Jason sped the entire way, his speed even comparable to the speed of light. He ran several red lights successively without even batting an
eyelash. 
Naturally, his efforts paid off, for the trip that usually required twenty minutes took him less than half that time. When he arrived at the hospital, he headed straight for Hannah’s hospital room with a crafty smile on his face. 
The moment he pushed open the door, he was assailed by a deafening shout. “Ahh!” 
All at once, he clapped his hands over his ears even as he swung his gaze at the three people in the hospital room. At that moment, Winson had been jolted awake by the sharp cry albeit having just dozed off just now. Hannah, on the other hand, was staring at him with surprise etched on her face. Helen, however, hung her head with embarrassment radiating off her and said nothing, nor did she look at him. 
Curling his lips, Jason inwardly reckoned, So, it was you who shouted earlier. No wonder it was so shrill! But speaking of that, you’re actually capable of being shy, huh? 
The truth was, Helen was messing around with her sister just now, and Hannah was grabbing a private part of hers. At just that moment, the door swung open with a click. Thus, it was only natural that she suffered a shock. 
When she noticed Jason’s taunting expression, she thought that he had seen everything and was now mocking her. In a flash, waves of fury engulfed her. Ugh! Never mind if you saw it, but why are you making it so obvious? Are you deliberately humiliating me? 
“Jason Goldstein, you’re just too much! Get lost! Scram at once!” she bellowed. At the same time, she grabbed the pillow behind Hannah and threw it at Jason.
When Jason saw the pillow flying at him, he promptly caught it. As he held the pillow in his hands, he snarled at Helen, “Have you lost your mind? And did you forget to take your meds today?” 
Upon hearing that, the rage within her ratcheted a notch. You’re too much! You’ve seen me in an indecent state, yet you’re now poking fun at me! I… I… I’ll kill you! 
“You have great catching skills, yes? Then, let me test your reflexes! Here you go!” She snagged the fruit basket on the table and threw the fruits inside at him, one after another. 
What the hell? What have I done to you that you’re doing this to me? And you want me to catch them one by one? Did you think I’m an idiot? That might just kill me! 
When Jason spotted various fruits hurtling toward him, he hastily used the pillow to block them off. Nonetheless, there were still parts of him that were hit. 
“Alright, that’s enough, Helen. We’re in the hospital here, and Winson is still sleeping,” Hannah urged. 
Shooting Jason a glare, Helen was just about to put the fruit basket in her hand down when Jason unexpectedly picked up a grape on the ground and threw it at her. Coincidentally, Helen was wearing the V-neck blouse she bought with Fabian yesterday, and the grape flew right into the cleft and got stuck in between her breasts.
###Chapter 1218
Chapter 1218 
Of course, Jason hadn’t done that on purpose. When he saw that the grape he casually threw had actually ended up at such a place, his eyes went wide, and he stared at her breasts. 
Meanwhile, Helen was entirely infuriated at that moment. “How dare you stare at me? I’ll kill you!” she roared at him. 
“No, no, it wasn’t deliberate on my part,” Jason hurriedly explained, afraid that she would again throw things at him. “I didn’t mean to stare at that part or to perve on you. I was just wondering how it got there and even became wedged in there. Now, I suddenly think that the grape was no ordinary grape!” 
Hearing that, Helen was gripped by the urge to rip the man before her into shreds. In the next moment, she grabbed the fruits in the fruit basket and hurled them at him by the handful. 
All at once, exasperation swamped Jason. He had obviously realized that he had misspoken earlier, but it was now too late, and he could only block them off with the pillow. 
“I-I’m sorry! Stop launching fruits at me. L-Let’s just talk things through. Ahh! It hurts! Ow! Ouch!” Nevertheless, Helen paid Jason’s cries no heed, merely indiscriminately lobbing fruits at him. 
At long last, there were no longer any fruits left in the fruit basket. Only then did she stop in a fit of pique. 
“You’ve gone too far, Helen. Hurry up and apologize to Jason.” Hannah had been helplessly watching several fruits hit Jason, and an apple even hit him on the head, making her suck in a breath. 
“Did you hear that, Helen Young? Apologize to me! Did you have to throw such a huge tantrum when I merely came in without knocking? You acted as though I’ve committed a grievous crime!” Jason
snapped angrily, making it clear as day that he was very much chagrined by Helen’s hurling fruits at him. 
He had long since wanted to lambast her, but she still had weapons in hand, so he didn’t dare do anything rash. 
“Hah! You’re claiming that you merely came in without knocking? You were obviously trying to perve on me!” Helen snarled. While doing so, her gaze kept sweeping across the table in search of something that she could use to chuck at him. 
“What the hell? How is that perving on you? You pitched fruits at me, and I was in pain after being hit, so I retaliated. That’s normal, no? Plus, I had the pillow over my head, so how could I have known that it would hit you there? It wasn’t deliberate, so how could you say that I’m perving on you?” 
Frustration flooded Jason. Even if I want to perve on someone, that won’t be you! Such a shrew like you will give me a heart attack instead! However, he didn’t give voice to it because he had just remembered the wrapped durian under the bed, which he brought over that morning to satisfy Hannah’s craving. 
“Hmph! I don’t mean that! But what was that when you came in? Never mind if you saw it, but you even smirked shamelessly. Look at that perverted expression of yours! I-I’ll kill you!” Helen’s wrath intensified when he gave excuses and refused to admit to it. She started to rummage through the cabinets in search of something that could be used as a weapon. 
Upon seeing that, a bolt of fear inexorably lanced through Jason. She’s really determined to kill me with flying s! 
He then instinctively glanced at the durian under the bed and heaved a sigh. Phew! It’s fortunate that it hasn’t been discovered yet!
When Helen heard him sighing, her head snapped back, and she glowered at him. 
At that, cold sweat dripped down Jason’s forehead like a faucet. Oh God, she can’t actually read my thoughts, can she? At the same instance, he fearfully cast the durian under the bed a glance. Ah, I beg you, little durian! You’ve got to hide properly! Please don’t be found out! 
As he was inwardly praying for mercy, he was abruptly greeted by the sight of Helen crouching down and gazing in the direction of the durian. 
In reality, Helen only found the durian because she caught his furtive glance a moment ago. She then picked up the durian with a hand before staring at him intently. 
At that very moment, Jason’s back instantly became drenched. What the hell? Is she for real? Can she truly read my thoughts? As he eyeballed Helen, who was holding a durian, he couldn’t help but gulp. 
Oh my God! If the durian really hits me, I’ll be permanently disfigured! Thus, he immediately threw Hannah a pleading look.
###Chapter 1219
Chapter 1219 
Hannah had wanted to admonish Helen ages ago, but she gave up doing so since Helen was blinded by rage and wouldn’t listen to her. Now, however, the situation didn’t allow anymore tarrying. If I don’t talk her down the ledge, the durian will certainly remain a durian, yet I can’t say the same about Jason! 
Spurred into action, she rebuked Helen loudly, “That’s enough, Helen! Stop messing around!” 
“No way! I’ve got to teach this despicable guy a lesson for laughing at me!” Disregarding Hannah’s admonishment, Helen lifted the durian to catapult it at Jason. 
At that precise moment, Winson was again awakened by their argument. Rubbing his groggy eyes, he looked over to the two of them. 
“W-What is this about me laughing at you when I came in the door? I don’t get it!” Jason roared at the top of his lungs. He truly couldn’t figure out why she was throwing such a tantrum at him for no reason. I didn’t do anything to provoke her, so why is she targeting me? 
“You know full well what you saw when you came in!” Helen just wouldn’t believe that he wasn’t making fun of her. 
“What did I see? I-I hadn’t even gathered my wits about me when I came in, and you had already started hurling fruits at me!” Jason lamented pitifully and pretended to dab at his eyes from time to time. 
“If you didn’t see anything, why were you smirking?” Helen demanded. I just want to see how long he can keep up this pretense! 
“Why was I smirking?” I finally got a bargaining chip to use with you after expending much effort, so I triumphantly snickered for a bit. Do you have to overreact like this?
Finally, he relented and answered in exasperation, “I learned something about Hannah, so I was happy for her. For that reason, I smiled at Hannah. I didn’t smile at you, so why are you taking things so far?” 
Hmph! What a nice story! Well, continue making up stories. I’ll just wait and see what kind of interesting story you can concoct! 
Helen naturally didn’t believe him, and she declared loudly, “Alright, then. I’ll give you a chance to defend yourself. Well? Tell me what you learned about my sister! If you can’t tell me anything, I’ll heave this at you!” 
As she said that, she again brandished the durian in her hand. 
“I… I…” Jason stammered for a long time without uttering a complete sentence even as resentment inundated him. I’ve finally gotten a piece of explosive information after digging for so long and came over happily to use it as a bargaining chip, but never had I thought that such a thing would happen! 
“Well? You don’t have anything to say, yes? I’ll kill you…” Helen gazed at him with a sneer on her face as she grew all the more certain of her conjecture. 
Before she had finished speaking, Jason cut her off. “Okay, fine. I’ll talk!” 
He was very much reluctant to do so, but at the sight of the durian lifted high over her head, he had no other recourse. For the sake of my safety, I’ve got to say it no matter how disinclined I am to do so! 
Lowering his head, he unlocked his cell phone. Then, he dragged his feet over to Helen like a deflated balloon. 
“Okay, that’s enough. Put the durian down so that you’re not leading Winson astray,” Hannah huffed just then. I’m also at my wits’ end with this audacious and mischievous sister of mine!
As Helen looked at Jason’s expression that was dour as though he had just lost his entire fortune, she inwardly mused, Perhaps he truly isn’t lying. Then, she swung her gaze at Winson, only to see him staring at her with widened eyes. Only then did she finally concur and place the durian down. 
“Everything is in my cell phone, so take a look at it yourself.” Jason handed her the cell phone while looking all miserable. 
All at once, Helen snatched it from his hand before glancing at it nonchalantly. She truly didn’t believe that there was still something else that would have him grinning so widely if he weren’t laughing at her. 
Hmph! You’ll be done for if I don’t laugh after looking at it! As her thoughts went in that direction, her hand tightened a fraction on the durian. 
Unbidden, a thud sounded in the next moment. The durian slipped from her hands and smashed onto the ground, causing a crack to appear at once. 
“T-T-This is impossible! Are you trying to dupe me?” Helen questioned Jason incredulously, her eyes widening as she stared at his cell phone. She was incredibly excited, so much so that even her voice carried a hint of joy.
###Chapter 1220
Chapter 1220 
“See for yourself whether it’s true!” Jason retorted feebly. While he had long since been chagrined over Helen hurling fruits at him for no good reason, he was far more distressed over losing an opportunity to negotiate with her. 
“Hannah Young from X City, born on x/xx/199x…” Helen couldn’t help reading it aloud. With every sentence she read, her voice shook a little more, for everything matched her sister’s description. 
“Hmm? The deputy general manager of Phoenix Group?” She stopped short at that. As far as I know, Hannah is just an insignificant journalist. So, how could she have possibly become the deputy general manager of Phoenix Group? 
Thus, she felt that it wasn’t her sister. Of course, she didn’t think that Jason was deliberately tricking her. Rather, she was certain that he, too, had been duped. 
“What an idiot! This isn’t my sister. My sister is a journalist, but this person is a deputy general manager. That’s a huge gap, okay? Furthermore, she doesn’t have two hundred million. If she had it, she would’ve surely shared it with me. Am I not right, Hannah? Anyway, I think you’ve been duped as well, so I’ll let you off this time. Next time, however…” Hannah’s words were directed to both Jason and Hannah. 
Unexpectedly, before she had even finished speaking, Jason interrupted her. “You’re the idiot!” 
Without giving her a chance to counter, he turned to Hannah and asked, “Hannah, do you know the name of Fabian’s company?” 
At that, puzzlement swamped Hannah. What exactly is on the cell phone? Why are they talking about two hundred million and asking about Fabian’s company now? Has his company made a profit of two
hundred million? But what has that got to do with me? 
Despite finding Jason’s question bizarre, still, she replied, “Phoenix Group. Why?” 
“And what’s Fabian’s position in Phoenix Group?” Jason continued questioning. 
“The president.” Exasperation engulfed Hannah. Don’t tell me he asked me these two pointless questions just to point out the grandeur of Fabian’s status? 
“Very well!” Jason nodded. Subsequently, he looked at Helen smugly. “Now, read that again.” 
“The deputy general manager of Phoenix Group!” Helen’s face was a mask of shock. Her eyes popping out of her head, she dashed over to Hannah’s bed and demanded in stark disbelief, “When did you have two hundred million, Hannah?” 
Upon hearing that, Hannah couldn’t help rolling her eyes. What kind of joke is this? Could I possibly have two hundred million? Ah, if only I have two hundred million, I wouldn’t have to calculate how to pay Fabian back every day! I’ve long since had enough of his capitalist reactionary expression! And he even dared to demand that I pay him back with my body! Why won’t he just die? 
“And… And you actually donated it away!” Helen swallowed before exclaiming, “I’m also poor, Hannah! Why don’t you donate some of it to me? I’m not greedy, so I don’t need two hundred million. I’ll be content with just a pittance of it!” 
Hey, I’m not mad! Would I have donated the money if I had two hundred million? That would be insane! 
Curling her lips, Hannah scoffed at her, saying, “Alright, my silly sister. How could you believe such a thing? I would’ve definitely given you some if I have two hundred million. We’ve always shared everything equally since young, so I would even give you a hundred million, not to mention a pittance. But I really don’t have that money!”
She chuckled dryly, making it apparent that she didn’t believe Helen at all. 
“Of course, you don’t have it! That’s because you’ve donated it!” Helen retorted with a bitter expression on her face. Then, a smile bloomed on her face as she gazed at Hannah. “However, you’re now a celebrity in the eyes of the fellow students and teachers.” 
While she spoke, she handed Jason’s cell phone to Hannah. 
Taking the cell phone, Hannah looked at it with some curiosity. What kind of novel news is it that has managed to pull the wool over both Jason and Helen’s eyes? 
“Hannah Young…” Hannah again read it aloud from the very beginning. As she did so, she inwardly mused, The Internet is really advanced these days that they managed to get all my information without making a single mistake. It must be some software that has leaked my personal information. No, I’ve got to be extra careful in the future!
###Chapter 1221
Chapter 1221 
“Job description: the deputy general manager of Phoenix Group.” 
Ah, so this is why! I was just wondering why Jason asked me the name of Fabian’s company. It turns out that the people who weaved this lie actually gave me a post in Fabian’s company. Ah well, that can’t be helped since his company is renowned! 
Hmm… deputy general manager, huh? Not bad, but I think they should have given me the post of the vice president instead. Otherwise, how could I possibly have two hundred million? It looks like they made a mistake here… 
Huh? Wait a minute! What company was it again? Phoenix Group? Could it be that Fabian actually… 
As she was contemplating that matter, Jason’s voice drifted into her ears. “You can look further. There’s even a video clip at the back.” 
Upon hearing that, Hannah quickly scrolled further on and clicked on the play button to start playing the video clip. 
Helen didn’t notice the video clip when she was looking through the cell phone earlier, so she now leaned close to Hannah to watch it with her. “Wow! Fabian is so handsome!” Helen exclaimed loudly. 
Conversely, Hannah’s expression suddenly turned solemn, and she asked Jason, “This two hundred million is for real?” 
In response, Jason nodded wryly. “Of course, it is.” 
“But I don’t have two hundred million!” Hannah hastily countered.
Smacking his lips, Jason then retorted, “Not only do you have two hundred million, but you might even have up to billions!” 
“Huh? When did my sister become so rich?” Helen gaped at Hannah even as a predatory look manifested on her face, and she almost salivated. 
“I don’t have that amount of money!” Hannah swiftly shook her face with an innocent expression. 
“Well, Fabian’s company is worth more than ten billion!” Jason riposted indignantly. 
“But I don’t have money,” Hannah argued. 
“You’ve got him instead!” Jason appeared a tad impatient at that point. 
“That’s right!” Helen seconded. 
Hannah, however, nodded thoughtfully before again shaking her head in the next moment. 
Hmm? That’s not right! 
All of a sudden, realization dawned, and she abruptly got what he meant. Her mouth dropped open in astonishment. “You’re saying that Fabian donated two hundred million in my name?” 
“Yup! Otherwise… Otherwise, why would I have come over to look for you in such high spirits?” Jason affirmed even as he threw Helen an aggrieved look. 
Uh… It looks as though he truly came over to share this news with us, so I-I seem to have misunderstood him. 
Glancing at him in slight embarrassment, Helen sheepishly murmured, “Uh… Jason, it seems that I’ve misunderstood you, so please don’t take it to heart.”
“Hmph!” There was still lingering anger within Jason despite her apology. She hurled fruits at me, relegating me to a pathetic state, so how could she just wipe the slate clean with a mere apology? If I truly let it go just like this, what would others think about me? 
“What about this?” he growled at her as he pointed at his head that was hit earlier. 
“Um…” Knowing that she was in the wrong in that matter, Helen promptly stretched out her petite hand and gently massaged his head while flashing him a sweet smile. “Jason, I didn’t know better and hurt you, but you won’t take offense at me, yes? Besides, I didn’t know about it, did I? I thought you were making fun of me.” 
“Hmph!” Jason harrumphed coldly. Despite his unyielding manner outwardly, he was actually over the moon at her mortified expression. 
Weren’t you even planning to lob a durian at me just now? What’s with the humble expression now? 
“Well, I can forgive you, but you’ve got to promise me something.” Lifting his head, Jason stared at her while negotiating terms with her. 
Now that I’ve told her about Fabian donating money in Hannah’s name, I naturally can’t use that as a bargaining chip anymore. However, I can seize this opportunity to blackmail her since she has misunderstood me! 
“Huh? What are your terms?” Helen hastily queried instead of agreeing right away. I’ve always been at odds with him, so I’ll be on the losing end if he were to ask for something ridiculous! 
“This shouldn’t be too difficult for you.” Jason was already wearing a sly smile then. At that sight, Helen inwardly cursed him out. If it weren’t for the fact that I wronged him, I would’ve long since strode up and slapped him twice across the face!
###Chapter 1222
Chapter 1222 
“In the future, you’ve got to respectfully address me as Jason instead of calling me by my full name and prioritize me in everything,” Jason stated mildly as he looked at Helen. 
In fact, he even wanted to add on to that, but on second thought, he decided not to go too far. If I antagonize her because of that, it won’t do me any good either. In that case, I won’t recoup any of my losses! 
Utter irritation swamped Helen at his demand. But I did went overboard earlier, so it’ll seem rather unreasonable if I don’t agree. Gritting her teeth, she thought, Fine, I’ll just address him respectfully. He’s older than me anyway, so I won’t lose anything. As for prioritizing him… we’ll see how it goes. 
“Well… okay!” 
Exhilaration inundated Jason the moment he heard that. At the thought of her having to address him respectfully when she saw him in the future, he couldn’t help feeling smug. Ah, all the pelting I suffered hadn’t been in vain, after all! 
Helen, on the other hand, wore an expression of defeat and was feeling exceedingly chagrined. 
“When did this happen?” Hannah asked Jason at that time after having snapped out of her astonishment. 
“Huh? I’ve forgotten when exactly it was, but the date is written there,” Jason answered smilingly, still looking very much proud of his own brilliance. 
However, a trace of suspicion crept into Hannah when she glimpsed the date there. 
Hmm? It was something recent? Why didn’t I know about that?
At the same time, she inwardly chastised Fabian. Why didn’t you tell me anything about this? If it weren’t for Jason, I would still be in the dark right now. 
“Do you know why he donated to charity in my name?” she then inquired of Jason. 
She couldn’t quite understand his motives. If he merely wants to donate to charity, why didn’t he do so in his own name? Why must he go to the trouble of using mine? But if it’s for some other reason, why didn’t he tell me? This isn’t anything bad. 
“I’m not quite sure about this. Maybe he wanted to propel you into the limelight?” Jason replied with his gaze on her even as his lips curved into a smile. “Speaking of that, Fabian is really generous to donate two hundred million all at once.” 
Nevertheless, bitterness subsequently blanketed Hannah’s face. What on earth is Fabian Norton doing? I’ve finally been promoted with an increase in pay and could finish paying him back the money I owe him earlier, but look what has happened now. I now owe him another two hundred million! Argh! I really don’t know how long it’ll take me to pay him back. Judging from my current financial capability, it’ll take me a few centuries even if I don’t eat or drink! Ugh! It seems that I’m destined to owe him in this lifetime! 
She couldn’t help heaving a sigh inwardly. 
When Helen noticed her sister’s silence and the lack of happiness on her face, she was baffled. This is a good thing, so why I do feel as though she has turned a touch downcast instead? 
She was just about to blurt out that question as she stared at her sister, but the click of the door opening cut her off.
“I’m back, Hannah! How could there be no one here when you’re sick now?” A cheerful female voice resonated in Hannah’s hospital room. 
It went without saying the person who barged in was Lyna who had gone out to eat just now. And following behind her was Felicia. As for Leo, he was busy with his own matters, so he didn’t come over again. 
Felicia seemed to be feeling a tad guilty about having kicked Hannah out of the family back then, and she treated her very well. While she didn’t say anything of the sort, she came to visit her at the hospital whenever she had time while also bringing a lot of supplements. 
Unbidden, a trace of delight showed on Hannah’s face, for she had actually never expected Lyna to be so good to her. She beamed brightly. 
Before she had even said anything, Jason, who was at the side, blurted ahead of her, “Why are you here?” 
Jason had been wondering who would be coming to visit Hannah when he heard the voice. But when he lifted his eyes, he was greeted by a stunningly beautiful woman who had argued with him downstairs that morning. 
Hannah’s curiosity was piqued upon seeing Jason’s intense reaction. Hmm? Is he acquainted with Lyna? Don’t tell me there’s bad blood between them?
###Chapter 1223
Chapter 1223 
“Oh, it’s you, young lad!” Lyna was likewise extremely surprised upon seeing Jason, but she was a person who socialized a lot, so she wasn’t a hothead like him. 
As soon as she spotted him, her mind began whirring at warp speed. He’s now in Hannah’s hospital room, and he even came to the hospital even earlier than I did this morning, so he must have a close relationship with her. 
She knew that she couldn’t afford to make an enemy out of Hannah right now, so she was all smiles with Jason. 
“Stop acting like we are close!” A ball of anger blazed within Jason. He had wanted to lay into Lyna when he bumped into her today, but he was on a mission entrusted by Fabian, so he had no choice but to retreat. But things are different now! Fabian isn’t here, so no one can control me now! 
“Jason! How could you talk to Lyna like that? Hurry up and apologize to her!” Hannah chastised, hoping that he would listen, as she inwardly exclaimed, This is bad! 
However, Jason said nothing, merely twisting his head to the side in utter reluctance. If it were someone else saying that, I would’ve torn her ages ago! 
“Jason is still young and doesn’t know better, so please don’t take it to heart,” Hannah said to Lyna with a smile. She felt rather embarrassed by Jason’s behavior since Lyna was here to visit her. 
“No, no, it’s fine.” Despite the fury within Lyna, she wore a smile on her face though the smile appeared exceedingly strained. 
Meanwhile, Fabian, who was currently in the president’s office, placed the documents down onto the table and started tapping his fingers on the tabletop rhythmically in contemplation. A while later, he
slowly got to his feet and walked over to the window. As he gazed out at the bustling city, the corners of his mouth lifted. 
“Never had I expected to be bewitched by this dumb girl.” He shook his head, but a smile that was an embodiment of his tenderness appeared on his face. At some point in time, my life has actually changed because of Hannah Young! 
After an indeterminate time, he gathered his wits about him. Snagging his jacket from his chair and draping it over his arm, he then walked out. 
“Head to Norton Residence,” Fabian murmured placidly after getting into the car even as his eyes glinted. 
Earlier, he had already decided that he wanted to have Hannah be his woman legally. 
At that, the driver was a touch perplexed. Why does Mr. Norton seem like an entirely different person today? He even seems to have spoken in a much gentler tone! 
Soon after, the car gradually came to a stop in front of an exquisite courtyard. There were two sizeable words in flamboyant print on the ancient-looking signage above the door: Norton Residence. 
After opening the car door, Fabian looked up at the signage. Then, he strode in on his long and slender legs. 
“Welcome back, Mr. Norton,” someone greeted as soon as he stepped into the house. 
Inclining his head a fraction, Fabian inquired, “Is my mother home?” 
“Yes. Madam is in the living room.” 
Flashing the person a smile, Fabian then walked in.
“I’m home, Mom,” he called out into the room the moment he pushed open the door. 
“Oh, you’ve finally got the time to visit me, Mr. Norton,” a disgruntled voice retorted from within the room. A person was sitting on the sofa in the living room, and it was none other than Fabian’s mother, Heather. 
“What are you implying, Mom? Aren’t I here to visit you as soon as I’m done with my work?” Fabian said to his mother with a chuckle. 
“Oh, really? Are you saying that I should thank you for taking the time to accompany me despite your busy schedule?” Heather riposted, unwilling to relent. 
Fabian was rendered speechless by her remark. She’s obviously feeling irked because I haven’t been back in a long while. 
“How could you say that, Mom? I’ve got to take good care of the business Dad left me, no? I can’t just disregard company matters,” Fabian argued in return. 
“Hmph! You’re always using your father as an excuse when he had never been like you in the past!” Heather countered, not at all taken in by his excuses. However, she then relented considering his excellent attitude. “Ah, never mind. I’ll forgive you since you came back to visit me, but make sure that you don’t do it again.”
###Chapter 1224
Chapter 1224 
Upon hearing that, Fabian hastily concurred, “Yes, yes, you’re right. I won’t do it again. Never again will I ever do that again.” 
If Hannah were to see Fabian at that very moment, she would definitely tease him. After all, no one knew that the man, who remained high and mighty wherever he went, would have such a timid side to him. 
After they had talked for a bit, Heather asked, “Why didn’t that daughter-in-law of mine come with you this time?” 
When Fabian glimpsed a flash of irritation on his mother’s face, he hurriedly explained, “Hannah… Hannah has been hospitalized, and she doesn’t know about me coming back either.” 
“Huh? Hospitalized? What happened?” Heather promptly demanded. Although she didn’t quite like Hannah as a daughter-in-law back then, she couldn’t outstubborn her son. Now, however, she had acknowledged her as her daughter-in-law and even given her the family heirloom bracelet. 
A burst of joy infused Fabian when he noticed the concern on his mother’s face, and he was naturally elated that the two most important people in his life were getting along well. Subsequently, he told her about everything that had happened to Hannah in the past two days. 
“Never had I expected that this daughter-in-law of mine is actually descendent of the Blackwood family.” Heather couldn’t help sighing after listening to him, making it evident that she was indeed aware of the incident regarding the Blackwood family that had spread through the city like wildfire back then. 
“Yeah, I was very surprised as well. I only knew about it when Leo Blackwood sought Hannah out.”
Heather shook her head even as she asserted, “Her family background won’t change a thing, I won’t to it as long as you like her.” 
When Fabian heard that, a weight was instantly lifted off his shoulders. Honestly speaking, he was afraid that his mother would be bothered about Hannah’s identity. 
“You’re such a wise woman, Mom!” he lauded at once. 
“Okay, that’s enough. Stop trying to butter me up. You’re making me sound as though I was an imbecile in the past.” 
In truth, Heather was very glad that Phoenix Group had become the leading business entity in the country under her son’s meticulous management. Many of their businesses were linked to the government, so they naturally didn’t need a political marriage to consolidate their position. 
Of course, it’ll be the icing on the cake if Fabian marries someone of similar social standing, but it’s also good for him to marry someone who makes him happy. After all, it’ll be his reward for being so smart and capable! 
Abruptly changing the subject, Heather asked, “Oh yes, have you notified Hannah’s family? You can’t drag your feet on this matter anymore.” 
He’s not young anymore, and the Norton family is quite a prominent family, so I’m rather embarrassed to always have a certain question directed at me. Plus, tons of people want to marry into the Norton family. Every single day, ladies from one family or other seek me out and promote their daughters in front of me, giving me a pounding headache! 
Chuckling, Fabian replied, “Mom, I came back this time to discuss this exact matter with you. I’ve already talked to Hannah’s parents, so the only thing left is having the two families meet.”
“Hmph! What’s so great about you, snotty kid? If it weren’t for the fact that I didn’t want to arouse Hannah’s suspicions, I would’ve hauled you over the coals and taught you a lesson!” Lyna groused as soon as she left Hannah’s hospital room, making it clear as day that she was exceedingly pissed off with Jason. 
“Okay, that’s enough. There’s no need to get angry over a kid,” Felicia mollified beside her. 
“Mom, do you think Fabian’s mother will suddenly change her mind? The marriage between us was decided by the two of you more than a year ago, after all, and it hadn’t been brought up again in such a long time. Could it be that she has already forgotten about it?” Lyna questioned in a diffident tone. 
In reality, her outstanding beauty wasn’t the only reason she was so certain that she would be Fabian’s woman. Most importantly, it was because her mother once had an agreement with his mother to have them join hands in marriage.
###Chapter 1225
Chapter 1225 
At that time, Fabian was a rakehell who flirted with countless women after being dumped by Vivian, yet not at all serious about any of them. It so happened that Lyna was one of them. 
Lyna was a scheming person in the first place, so she naturally wouldn’t miss such a golden opportunity. As such, she urged her mother to bring her to Fabian’s house every day. When Felicia proposed the marriage, Fabian’s mother readily agreed to have her son leave his indiscriminate relationships behind sooner besides seeing that Lyna had quite an extraordinary aura and made a good match for her son. 
It was only some time ago that Fabian told her mother about him getting married, but Fabian’s mother had never once mentioned anything about it. 
“Uh… I don’t think so. No matter what, she was the one who agreed to the marriage back then, so how could she have forgotten about it?” Felicia’s brows furrowed slightly. She had never contemplated the problem her daughter mentioned, much less be prepared for it, so her tone was extremely sceptical. 
“This can’t do. I think we should make a trip over to Norton Residence in a day or two to sort things out,” Lyna declared guiltily. Nonetheless, resentment brimmed within her. 
After all, she had been up on cloud nine back when Fabian’s mother agreed to the marriage. But just then, a stark feeling of dread rose within her when she recalled the disparate manner in which Fabian treated her and Hannah. 
“Hmph! You’re calling yourself my sister, Hannah Young? Just wait and see how I’m going to torture you when I’ve married into the Norton family!” she grumbled again before leaving with Felicia.
Meanwhile, Hannah felt as though she was walking on air after several such days continued for her. During the past few days she had been hospitalized, she suddenly felt that she was the luckiest person in the world with so many people loving her. 
The Young family took meticulous care of her, Winson was particularly close to her, while Leo and Lyna inquired after her well-being. Helen and Jason, on the other hand, were like two clowns who amused her greatly. 
As for Fabian, he was absolutely perfect, having moved his bed over from the very night she was hospitalized and stayed with her. Even Felicia was showing her concern albeit silently. 
During these few days, Xavier naturally came over often as well. However, Hannah felt sorry for him since Fabian mocked him every single time. Even if Fabian wasn’t there, he was still derided by Helen and Jason, which had her feeling awkward for him. 
Sometimes, she even felt that his tenacity played a large part in the successful management of his company. 
Speaking of that, it was amusing how the two clowns – Helen and Jason – who usually bickered nonstop suddenly took the same stance when confronted with Xavier and put up an incredibly united front. 
“Hannah, both you and Winson are almost recovered now, so you two can be discharged from the hospital tomorrow,” Fabian stated mildly as he looked at the few occupants in the hospital room after having stepped in from outside. 
“That’s great! I can finally be rid of this awful place! Hannah, you’ve got to go shopping with me after you’re discharged tomorrow. These few days have been driving me crazy! If you were to stay for any
longer, I think I would ended up in the hospital bed beside you.” Upon hearing that Hannah was going to be discharged, Helen was far more ecstatic than the person in question. 
“Okay, okay, whatever you say goes after I’m discharged. You can shop or have fun to your heart’s content!” Hannah couldn’t help feeling happy as well when she saw the delight on her sister’s face. 
“Hannah, I remember that Fabian promised to bring us back to Mom’s hometown. I wonder…” Winson hastily asked when he heard that he was going to be discharged soon. He had long since wanted to visit his mother’s hometown, but he had never been able to make the trip since no one in the Blackwood family was willing to go with him. 
“Well, Fabian definitely won’t lie to you. Since he said he’ll bring you there, he’ll certainly do so.”
###Chapter 1226
Chapter 1226 
After answering Winson, Hannah shifted her gaze to Fabian. “Right?” 
Upon hearing that, Fabian mulled it over for a moment. Hannah’s mother’s hometown isn’t far from here, and it’ll take about two hours by car. Since they’re both so eager, I’ll just bring them there today itself. Anyway, they’re almost fully recovered. 
“Of course. If you two want to go, I can bring you there today,” he assured the two people, whose eyes were gleaming with anticipation. 
“Really? Yay! When are we setting out?” Hannah exclaimed happily, not looking the slightest bit sick anymore. 
In truth, she had wanted to visit the place a long time ago. When her brother had first described it to her, she had fervently hoped that they would recover quickly. And today, her wish had finally come true. 
“I want to go, too!” Helen, who was at the side, immediately chimed in out of fear that her sister would leave her behind. 
“Me, too!” Jason interjected, not wanting to be left out. 
“Alright, we’ll all go. We’ll set out after lunch,” Fabian proclaimed smilingly as he looked at them. At the same time, mild curiosity bubbled within him. Is Hannah’s mother’s hometown really as great as Winson described? Or was it merely his imagination after hearing about it from his mother? 
Meanwhile, at the dining table in Blackwood Residence’s dining room, Lyna started a conversation with Leo who was eating. 
“Dad, I’d like you to negotiate a marriage for me.”
The moment Leo heard his, he almost choked. After coughing a few times, he asked, “A marriage? You’ve got a boyfriend? Why didn’t I know that? And do you really know everything about him? What’s his identity? And don’t you think you’re going too fast?” 
“You’ve always been busy with your business, so how would you have the time to pay attention to this daughter of yours? You’ve finally got some time now, but you’re spending it all on your son! Hmph! At times, I even wonder if I’m truly your biological daughter!” Lyna griped huffily without answering a single question out of the volley of questions. 
In the face of her complaint, Leo knew that he hadn’t got a leg to stand on since he had indeed shown her little concern. However, he was adept at sweet talk to mollify his daughter after having experienced much of life. “Well, I’m indeed at fault in this matter. I’ve been so focused on making more money for your dowry that I neglected other aspects. Don’t take offense at me, okay?” 
“Hmph! You’re all talk!” Lyna groused, pouting. Then, she went back to business. “Actually, the marriage I want you to negotiate for me is with Fabian Norton, the president of Phoenix Group.” 
“What? Fabian Norton?” Leo was greatly stunned upon hearing that, and he was at a complete loss as to when his daughter had gotten together with Fabian. 
“What’s with the extreme reaction?” Lyna huffed in chagrin when she saw his reaction. 
“How could it be him?” Leo couldn’t shake off the feeling that Fabian’s relationship with his youngest daughter, Hannah, was that of an intimate nature. While they both denied it and claimed that they were merely friends, he felt that it was a blatant lie. Thus, he didn’t believe that at all. 
“Why not? Our daughter is already grown up, yet you don’t even spare her any mind. Aren’t you afraid that she’ll stay a spinster forever?” Felicia was aggravated upon recalling how she had busted her ass to cinch the marriage between Lyna and Fabian, yet Leo had never shown the slightest bit of concern.
“Hah! Lyna would never be a spinster when she’s such a beauty! That’s a groundless fear!” Leo, however, felt that everything Felicia had been doing was superfluous. Considering Lyna’s beauty and family background, finding someone with a similar social standing is certainly no problem if she isn’t aiming to marry above her station! 
“Hmph! That’s you! You’re all talk! Am I not doing all this so that Lyna can have a better match? I’ve bustled about for a long time and expended all my saliva to talk Fabian Norton’s mother into agreeing to this marriage. If you’re unwilling to go, I’ll go by myself!” 
In the face of Leo’s attitude, utter frustration seized Felicia. I’ve done all the legwork, and the only thing left now is to bring it up again, yet he’s not willing to go! Fine, then! I’ll go myself!
###Chapter 1227
Chapter 1227 
“Well, we…” Leo stopped abruptly when’s he realized what she meant. “What did you say? Fabian’s mother agreed to the marriage?” 
His jaw hung open in surprise at the sudden good news. 
“Of course. If Fabian’s mother didn’t agree to the marriage, I wouldn’t have asked you to go to her to discuss the marriage,” answered Felicia exasperatedly. 
A wicked gleam appeared in Leo’s eyes. He narrowed his gaze and started calculating the possibility of cooperation with Phoenix Group. If Fabian becomes my son-in-law, my company will expand swiftly! 
“Will you come with me or not? If you won’t, I’ll go there alone. But if you don’t show up, Fabian will think you look down on him. He won’t help your company.” 
Felicia knew what Leo was planning, so she said that on purpose. 
“Of course I will go. I can do anything for my daughter’s happiness,” Leo announced as though he was doing it for Lyna’s sake. 
After their meal, the driver was already waiting for Fabian downstairs as per his order. 
Fabian had ordered his driver to drive his Lincoln limousine as there were five of them. Hannah and Winson had just recovered, so they would feel comfortable in the limousine. 
Soon, Fabian walked out of the hospital with Hannah and the others behind him. Both Hannah and Winson had changed out of their hospital gowns and were wearing their own clothes. They seemed to be in great spirits.
“Get in,” said Fabian as he opened the car door like the gentleman he was. 
Meanwhile, Felicia arrived at the Norton Residence and told the butler, “We’re here for Mrs. Norton. We’re her friends.” 
“Alright. Let me inform her,” came the butler’s polite reply. 
Felicia flashed a smile and nodded. Both she and Leo waited at the door quietly. As they were here to discuss Fabian and Lyna’s marriage, Lyna’s presence would be awkward. Hence, she stayed at home and waited anxiously for her parents to return with good news. 
“Please come with me.” Soon, the butler returned and led them in. 
This was the first time Leo had ever stepped into the Norton Residence. He was in awe to realize that the Norton family was far more influential than the Blackwood family. The interior of the villa was so luxurious. 
Felicia grinned upon seeing Leo’s dumbstruck expression. She didn’t tell him that she had the same reaction during her first trip here. Initially, she thought she was wealthy enough, but this family’s wealth had exceeded her expectations. 
However, none of them were envious of what they saw. Instead, the more capable the Norton family was, the more excited they were. After all, their daughter was about to marry into the Norton family. 
When they entered the living room, they saw a lady preparing tea calmly on the couch. 
Leo scrutinized her carefully. This must be Fabian’s mother, my future in-law. 
“Mrs. Norton, are you doing well?” Felicia greeted her with a warm smile.
“Oh, Felicia. I haven’t seen you in a while. Come, have a seat. Try some of this tea.” Heather ushered them in while her gaze landed on Leo doubtfully. 
“This is my husband, Leo Blackwood,” Felicia immediately introduced her husband to Heather. 
“Hello, Mrs. Norton. I’m Leo Blackwood. Felicia often talked about you at home. It’s my pleasure to meet you today.” Leo was an experienced businessman who could flatter anyone he wanted to.
###Chapter 1228
Chapter 1228 
Heather chuckled. “Mr. Blackwood, nice to meet you, too. Come, have some tea.” Her smile never wavered, but she was panicking inwardly. Clearly, Felicia didn’t bring her husband here to have tea with me. 
Oh, they must be here to discuss Fabian’s marriage. Ha! They are one step too late. 
Heather hadn’t dabbled in the corporate world, but she was smart. Back then, she didn’t say Fabian would marry Lyna for sure. She was just trying to observe Lyna, but in the end… 
“The tea is remarkable, right?” Heather poured herself a cup of tea and sipped on it. 
“Mm, not bad,” came Leo’s reply. He wasn’t a fan of teas, but he was good at flattery. 
They both exchanged pleasantries with Heather until Felicia lost patience and made eye contact with Leo. 
Leo knew what she was trying to say. He coughed lightly and beamed at Heather. “Oh, right. We came to discuss something with you, Mrs. Norton.” 
“Go ahead, Mr. Blackwood,” replied Heather. 
“Right. I won’t beat around the bush.” He paused before continuing, “Felicia told me you had discussed our kids’ engagement.” 
He stared at her earnestly. 
“Mm, that’s right,” came Heather’s nonchalant reply.
Felicia looked at Leo smugly as though she were claiming the credit for bringing the kids together so he could gain an accomplished son-in-law. 
Something flashed across Leo’s eyes as his smile widened. “Yes, yes. We’re here to discuss the marriage between your son and Lynnie. They are at the appropriate age to get married. Well…” 
He trailed off as his gaze landed on Heather. I’ve made it clear. She must know what I’m implying. 
Seemingly torn, Heather held on to her teacup and fell into deep thought. 
Leo let out a chuckle and tried to ease the tension in the air. “Of course, if you want your son to focus on his career, that’s fine with us. They can get engaged first. That would suffice.” 
Previously, when the butler informed Heather of their arrival, she had guessed as much and prepared an excuse to steer them away. 
With a hint of resignation in her voice, she told them, “I’m really sorry. Yes, I was really worried about Fabian’s marriage and was relieved once I talked to Felicia.” 
Hearing her words, Leo and Felicia couldn’t help but beam happily. They felt proud of their beautiful daughter. 
After a brief pause, Heather continued, “Later on, I mentioned it to Fabian. He flew into a fit of rage and said his marriage was none of my business, to my utter shock. Whoever consented to this marriage will get married himself.” She sighed helplessly, about to break into tears any minute. “Felicia, I’m really sorry. My son refused to listen to me. I wasted half my life to bring him up, and this is how he repays me?” 
The grins on Leo’s and Felicia’s faces froze.
Embarrassment washed over Leo instantly. Originally, he agreed to come, as Felicia claimed they just had to set a date. None of them expected Heather would change her mind. This is downright embarrassing. 
Even Felicia was simmering in resentment. We’ve come to an agreement previously! Why is she going back on her word?
###Chapter 1229
Chapter 1229 
Not daring to offend Heather, Felicia offered her a smile. “That’s not true. Fabian must have been mad because of the sudden news.” 
Leo glared at her and told Heather, “Well, Mrs. Norton, I’ll have to bid goodbye. I need to return to my company.” 
He didn’t want to stay here any longer after being rejected. If news got out, their family would be a laughingstock. 
Left with no choice, Felicia bade goodbye to Heather and left with her husband reluctantly. 
“What did I tell you? There’s no way the Norton family will agree to his marriage for no reason! You refused to listen and dragged me along. Are you happy now? That was so humiliating!” The moment they stepped out of Norton Residence, Leo turned to Felicia and barked. 
“Oh, you’re blaming me now? When I told you about it, you were planning all sorts of things happily too! If you dare, complain to Mrs. Norton instead of getting mad at me!” Felicia was quivering with anger when her husband blamed everything on her. 
“Stop creating trouble for me in the future! You’ve brought shame to the Blackwood family!” Leo bellowed. 
“Shame? Didn’t you hear what Mrs. Norton said earlier? She agreed to it previously but gone back on her word! How could you blame me?” retorted Felicia. 
Leo merely harrumphed furiously and strode away.
Meanwhile, Fabian and the rest reached their destination after a two-hour car ride. He opened the door and helped Hannah out. 
Hannah stepped out and took a deep breath of the fresh air. This picturesque village was surrounded by undulating hills, so the air was a lot fresher than the air in the city. 
“Wow, this place is as pretty as described by Winson!” lamented Hannah. 
“Ha!” Jason snorted icily. He didn’t pick on her this time as the scenery was indeed gorgeous. 
There was a wooden sign ahead with the village’s name. Behind it was an endless stretch of verdant meadows. There was a hint of earthy scent in the air as the young saplings danced in the breeze under the warm sunlight. 
Occasionally, they would spot unnamed wildflowers scattered around the meadows. They weren’t as enchanting as roses or peonies, but yet, the meadows hum to life with their presence. 
“Your mother’s house is just farther ahead. We can walk there easily,” Fabian told Hannah, whose eyes were crinkled up in silent laughter. 
He felt utterly relaxed, too. Usually, he was busy running his company all by himself. Whenever he felt exhausted, he’d hang out with his friends. Compared to partying, he preferred the serenity in the countryside. 
Fabian took Hannah’s hand and strolled ahead. Helen and Jason trailed behind them and bickered casually. 
They soon arrived at a bridge made of stone. When they wondered when this bridge was built, Fabian figured it had been here for decades.
The bridge was only made up of a few boulders, so there was no handle on both sides. Fabian tightened his grip on Hannah’s hand. 
Hannah wasn’t nervous at all. She had been a journalist since she graduated from university, so she rarely had time to go on vacations. She might’ve visited many places, but most of them were on work trips. 
She inhaled the crisp air as her mood lifted. The burbling stream and swimming fish under the stones created a delightful scene.
###Chapter 1230
Chapter 1230 
Jason wasn’t interested at all. Seeing how thrilled Hannah was, he pouted his lips and muttered to himself, “It’s just a plain old bridge and stream. What’s the big deal?” 
Helen rolled her eyes as she came to a stop next to him. “You just don’t know how to appreciate the scenery, do you? Don’t you find this tranquil?” She huffed. “Ah, forget it. You’re too dim-witted to get it!” 
With that, Helen strode ahead and left Jason alone. “I’m dim-witted? You’re the fool! Idiot!” Jason yelled from behind her. 
Shortly after, they reached a residential area with ancient houses which had withstood the test of time. There were also a few elderly people chatting happily beside the road. 
Fabian led the way to Hannah’s mother’s house. 
After walking quite a distance, he came to a stop in front of an old house. 
“This is it,” he told Hannah. 
At once, Hannah studied the grand but old house with two ferocious lion statues flanking its entrance. 
The stately entrance itself showed that Hannah’s birth mother came from a wealthy and influential family. 
Winson rushed to the lion statues and touched them carefully. 
“When I was young, I remember Mom saying there were two lions guarding them. Finally, I get to see them today,” he uttered.
His mother told him about the lions to make him laugh back then. Deep down, he was overwhelmed with emotions. 
“Hannah, open the door. I can’t wait,” he declared. 
“Sure!” A flash of bitterness crept up Hannah’s heart. Winson had it worse than me. 
She took one step forward and whipped out the keys to open the door. 
Immediately, a green landscape greeted them. 
“Seriously?” Helen parted her lips in shock. 
Hannah’s mother had been dead for over ten years, and no one had occupied the house ever since. Right now, it was full of weeds. 
“Oh? I don’t think we can enter,” Jason remarked coolly after taking a brief glance at the interior. 
Instantly, Winson’s expression fell. 
Hannah was at a loss, too. The yard was overrun with weeds, so there wasn’t even a path for them to walk on. 
“This is nothing. We can just part the weeds and walk in,” replied Helen coolly as she took a step forward. 
At once, Jason took her wrist and warned, “No way! The weeds are as tall as us. There might be snakes in here. What if they bite you?” 
Helen scoffed in disdain. “Who are you trying to scare? I’m not afraid!” She shoved him away and strode toward the yard.
Before she could step in, someone took her arm. 
It was Hannah. Hannah, too, wanted to enter her mother’s house, but Jason’s words made sense. There might be snakes and bugs inside the abandoned house. 
“Helen, forget it. It’s better to be safe than sorry,” she spoke. 
“Hannah, do you seriously believe his words?” demanded Helen. She refused to believe there would be snakes inside the yard. 
“What if we run into one?” Hannah responded worriedly. 
“We’ll come again. I’ll ask someone to clean the house up before our next visit. At least we know where it is now,” Fabian declared.
###Chapter 1231
Chapter 1231 
Fabian felt slightly guilty for everyone was disappointed. He hadn’t expected the house to be overrun with weeds. 
“Yeah,” Hannah replied weakly. 
“What? Did she say no? What exactly did she say?” Lyna jolted up from the couch in shock after Felicia relayed everything to her. 
“What else? She claimed Fabian wants to decide who to marry himself. She can’t interfere with his decision,” answered Felicia. 
“How could she go back on her word? She agreed to it herself! I can’t believe someone as wealthy as her would be so untrustworthy!” Lyna grumbled. 
She thought her parents would come back home with news of her marrying into the Norton family, but alas, they came back with bad news instead. How could she not be furious? 
“No, this isn’t as simple as it looks. Does Fabian’s mother despise us?” Felicia questioned her daughter. 
“Impossible! If she despises us, she wouldn’t have agreed to the marriage in the first place!” Lyna narrowed her gaze as her mind raced. 
“Fabian wants to decide who to marry himself. Fabian wants to decide who to marry himself. Fabian…” she muttered to herself. 
Suddenly, her face contorted with hatred. With her eyes wide open, she gritted out angrily, “Hannah Young! It must be her. I knew she and Fabian were acting strangely. They are not siblings!”
Evidently, Lyna had placed the blame on Hannah again. 
“Hannah Young? Really? But Fabian said he thinks of Hannah like a sister. Does he have to lie to us? If there’s something between him and Hannah, why is she still a lowly journalist?” 
Felicia didn’t think Hannah was the reason Fabian refused to marry her daughter. 
“I’m not sure how, but Hannah is somehow involved!” Lyna insisted. Her hatred for Hannah heightened immediately. At the thought of how blissful Hannah was, she wished she could rip that b*tch into pieces. 
Meanwhile, Hannah and her gang were about to reach the hospital. 
They didn’t get to enter her mother’s home, but she did have fun with her gang. 
Ah, the scenery was amazing. Mom’s hometown is a wonderful place. Next time, I’ll make sure to be well-prepared for a short stay there. 
Soon, the car came to a stop at the hospital. 
Fabian, as usual, held the door open for her. Hannah flashed a smile and stepped out of the car. Immediately, her smile froze in place. 
Sensing her discomfort, Fabian looked where she was looking and frowned. 
“Ms. Young, you’re back? My friend brought this reef clay mask back from the South Ocean. I heard it’s good for your skin, so I bought one for you.” The man was none other than Xavier. 
“You’re as annoying as a bug!” exclaimed Helen unhappily.
“What a damper. Isn’t it obvious we had just returned from a family trip? Mr. Jackson is seriously irritating, huh?” After Jason got off the car, he looked straight at Helen and sneered. 
“Helen! Jason! Don’t be rude!” Hannah reprimanded them at once. After all, Xavier remained polite the whole time. She couldn’t afford to offend him as he was her interviewee.
###Chapter 1232
Chapter 1232 
Both Hannah and Jason glared at Xavier before zipping their mouths shut. They didn’t continue scorning him as Hannah had reprimanded them. 
“It’s fine. They are just kids.” Xavier waved it off. 
His answer was interpreted differently by Jason. How dare he say I’m a kid? 
He’s just a few years older than me! If it weren’t for Hannah, I would’ve given him a beating! 
Xavier handed her the reef clay mask again. “This is just a little gift. Please accept it, Ms. Young.” 
“Uh…” Hannah was at a loss for words. What’s with the sudden gift? If I accept it, it will seem like I’m accepting his proposal. If I refuse to accept it, what will others think of me? It will be embarrassing for him, too. What should I do? 
“Don’t you like my gift?” Xavier added. 
What the heck? Hannah was rendered speechless. I never wanted any gift from you! 
“Yeah, it’s not that great.” Right then, Fabian stepped out with a smirk on his lips. 
“I’m giving Ms. Young a gift. Why are you stating your opinion, Mr. Norton? You can provide your opinion when someone gives you a gift,” retorted Xavier icily. 
“Mm, you’re right. I wasn’t about to give my opinion, but your gift is too shabby. Indeed, East Ocean is famous for its reef clay mask, but I remember the effects aren’t that good. You’re wasting Hannah’s time. Besides, she has plenty of reef clay masks that I bought from the East Ocean. Why would she use a shoddy product from the South Ocean?” answered Fabian with a polite smile.
He didn’t seem to be mocking Xavier, but his voice was firm. 
Xavier’s cheeks went pink at his words. Seeing how smug Fabian was, he retaliated, “The quality of the gift doesn’t matter as long as it shows my sincerity. I believe it’s better than someone who is all talk but no action.” 
“Oh? Are you talking about me, Mr. Jackson? What a joke,” Fabian scoffed. “Everything that is mine is also Hannah’s. There’s no need for gifts between us.” The grin on his face widened. 
Xavier’s lips trembled in fury. He was so furious words failed him. 
“Ah, let’s go.” Fabian spared Xavier one last glance and took Hannah’s hand. “It’s windy out there. Be careful,” he reminded her gently. 
Hannah initially wanted to bid goodbye politely to not embarrass Xavier, but Fabian led her away without letting her do so. 
Helen and the rest trailed behind them. 
Before Jason turned to leave, he made a funny face at Xavier. 
An awkward silence ensued as Xavier was left alone. 
Fabian Norton! I will never give up. You don’t deserve Hannah. 
Xavier flung the gift out at the thought of that. 
Hearing the commotion, Fabian raised a brow and muttered, “Ah, look at him. How dare he try to take my woman from me?”
“Ah? What did you say?” Hannah was busy sympathizing with Xavier to hear Fabian’s mumbling clearly. 
Fabian chuckled. “Oh, it’s nothing. Let’s go.” 
After Hannah returned to her ward, Amelia showed up with dinner. As usual, Fabian fed her the food. 
He didn’t think much about it, but Hannah flushed red in embarrassment. Winson has been eating himself since two days ago. However, I still need Fabian to feed me. 
As Helen and Jason kept teasing them, Hannah lowered her head shyly as a crimson red crept up her cheeks.
###Chapter 1233
Chapter 1233 
After dinner, they chatted in the ward amiably. 
Hannah was delighted as this would be her last night in the hospital. 
My bed, I’m coming! 
This very night, Hannah had a restful slumber. Seeing her smiling in her dreams, Fabian felt a surge of happiness within. 
The next morning, the sun crept up over the horizon and began to peek its glowing crown over the land. Hannah opened her eyes and stretched lazily. She was about to get up when she realized Fabian was nowhere to be seen. 
Hannah wondered, Doesn’t Fabian feel tired? He sleeps later and wakes up earlier than me every day. He also needs to work. I don’t get it. Is he a robot? 
She shook her head and grinned to herself. “He doesn’t understand how important sleep is. Well, that man has no idea how to enjoy life.” 
After washing up, Hannah packed her stuff up. Shortly after, Helen and Jason arrived in her ward. 
“Eh? Where is Fabian?” Jason asked the moment he stepped in. 
Hannah shook her head. “I don’t know. He wasn’t here when I woke up earlier.” 
“Let me help you pack up,” offered Helen. 
“I can do it myself. I’m not a patient anymore. It has been a torture to lie in bed for the past few days,” replied Hannah with a smile. She appreciated Helen’s concern, though.
Soon, Hannah finished packing up her stuff. They could leave when Fabian came back. 
Right then, the door was pushed open. Thinking it was Fabian, Hannah raised her voice. “Hurry! We’re waiting for you!” 
“Huh? Waiting for me?” Instead of Fabian’s voice, a woman’s voice rang out. 
“Why would you be waiting for me?” Lyna came to them and questioned curiously. 
Yes, Lyna had decided to take action against Hannah. She was here to gain Hannah’s trust so her plan could succeed. 
“Oh, we’re waiting for Fabian,” responded Hannah hastily. 
As Lyna remained doubtful, Hannah explained, “I’m about to be discharged from the hospital. I think he went to take care of the procedures.” 
“Oh, I see. You’re alright now?” 
“Yes. The doctor said I can leave anytime,” came Hannah’s answer. 
At the same time, Hannah couldn’t hide her surprise. Why is Lyna here alone? Don’t the rest of the Blackwoods know Winson will be leaving the hospital today, too? None of them are here to pick him up. 
Didn’t Fabian inform them? I don’t think so, though. 
They chatted briefly before Fabian returned. 
Heather might’ve called off Fabian and Lyna’s marriage, but the latter refused to give up. She blindly believed that she would end up with Fabian if she could get rid of Hannah.
“Hello, Fabian,” she greeted him warmly. 
Hannah found her tone uncomfortable, but she said nothing. 
Fabian found Lyna disgusting. He was familiar with women like her with an ulterior motive. Inwardly, he shook his head and thought, That silly girl is much more likeable. 
A smile flitted across his lips as he made his way toward Hannah. “I’ve dealt with the discharge procedures. On the way back, I ran into some friends and chatted with them briefly, hence the delay.” 
Oh? He’s explaining the reason for his delay? Hannah’s lips curved up into a smile as she whispered, “Alright. Let’s wait for a bit. The Blackwoods aren’t here yet.” 
“Mm.” Fabian glanced at Lyna and nodded. 
“This woman obviously has an ulterior motive for being here. I think she harbors feelings for Fabian. Tell Hannah to keep her guard up,” Jason whispered in Helen’s ears after he gave Lyna the once-over.
###Chapter 1234
Chapter 1234 
“Nonsense. Look, she cares for my sister a lot!” Helen scoffed, refusing to believe Jason’s words. 
“Oh, I know. Are you nursing a grudge because she called you a kid? Excuse me, you’re an adult. Why are you so petty?” 
As Helen had misunderstood him, Jason tried to explain himself. “I’m not like that! I really think she—” 
“Enough, enough. I trust you. Why are you so emotional? Aren’t you afraid she’ll overhear us?” Helen hurriedly interrupted because Lyna was already casting strange looks at them. 
During their banter, the door was opened again to reveal an elegantly dressed middle-aged lady. 
Jason, who was right beside the door, immediately rushed out to welcome her. 
“Oh, Aunt Heather. Welcome, welcome.” 
“You’re here too, Jason?” the lady flashed a pleasant smile and followed behind Jason. 
When the lady walked past Helen, the latter greeted her politely. “Hello, ma’am.” 
Deep down, she was rolling her eyes. How many godparents does Jason have? 
Yes, Jason’s godmother was none other than Heather, Fabian’s mother. When Jason was young, he admired Fabian a lot. As the Goldsteins and Nortons were close friends, Fabian’s parents agreed to be his godparents readily. 
Compared to his other pair of godparents—the Youngs—which Jason found himself, Heather and her husband had taken Jason to be their godson in an official ceremony.
“Hello, Mrs. Norton!” Lyna was beaming upon spotting Heather’s arrival. 
She thought Heather was here to console her after rejecting the wedding proposal yesterday, which explained her excitement. 
“Lynnie.” Indeed, Heather was feeling guilty over yesterday’s events. After all, she had gone back on her word. 
Meanwhile, Hannah’s anxious gaze landed on Fabian as she tugged at Fabian’s shirt. 
Why is Fabian’s mother here? What should I do? There is a crowd here. How should I address her? Mom? But that will mean revealing my status as Fabian’s wife. Should I stay silent? But she’s my mother-in-law. Will she think of me as a rude person? 
Seeing how flustered Hannah was, Fabian flashed a confident smile. Huh. Is my mom a wolf or a tiger? She won’t eat you. Why are you so scared? 
As Lyna could sense Heather’s hospitality, she grew increasingly excited. “Why are you here? Actually, yesterday—” 
Before she could finish, her smile froze on her lips upon hearing Heather’s answer. 
“Oh. I’m here to visit Hannah,” Heather cut in and walked past her. 
Ugh, it’s Hannah Young again! I knew it! She’s standing between me and Fabian. 
Lyna’s fists balled up angrily as she glared at Hannah. 
Hannah remained oblivious to her glare. She had no time for Lyna currently. 
“Hannah!” Heather called out and took her hand.
What now? What now? Should I address her now? Fabian, help me! 
It was as though Fabian heard her cries for help. He stepped out and interjected, “Mom, why are you here?” 
Hannah heaved a sigh of relief. Ah, thank goodness for Fabian. 
“Me? I’m here to visit Hannah, of course. What else?” Heather glowered at her son and huffed. 
She turned back to Hannah, the displeasure all gone from her expression. “Hannah, how are you doing? Are you feeling better now?”
###Chapter 1235
Chapter 1235 
Jason could barely hold in his laughter. Haha! Aunt Heather had just ignored Fabian! 
Shaking his head wordlessly, Fabian’s lips curved up. He wanted to help Hannah, so his ive had been achieved. Since his mother adored Hannah, there was nothing for him to worry about. 
The most agitated person was none other than Lyna. Her eyes reddened as her fists balled up. She had lowered her head, but it was clear how indignant she felt. Her hands, which had reached out to hold Heather’s hand earlier, were bleeding as she had dug her nails into her palm forcefully. 
“Mm, I feel much better. I’m leaving the hospital today.” Hannah was Heather’s daughter-in-law, but she didn’t feel inferior because of her status. 
Her slightly trembling voice remained calm. Obviously, she was still shaken by the close call. 
“Yes, I heard about it from Fabian, so I came specially to visit you. I’m glad you’re alright now.” 
Heather didn’t like Hannah to begin with, but after she hired someone to run a background check on Hannah, she realized the latter had never used Fabian’s card. Hannah resided in Fabian’s villa, but she didn’t spend a lot on her clothes. 
To Heather’s utter surprise, Hannah returned the bags Fabian bought for her. 
Clearly, Hannah wasn’t putting up an act. She wasn’t interested in spending Fabian’s money at all. 
In the end, Heather grew to like her daughter-in-law. 
“I suddenly remember I have something on. I need to leave now,” gritted Lyna out as her face contorted in anger.
“Lyna, have a safe trip home.” Hannah was the only one who replied to her. 
Heather nodded in response while Fabian pretended not to hear her and continued peeling fruit for Hannah. 
The moment Lyna stepped out of the room, her steps turned heavy. She trudged ahead as the sound of her high heels echoed down the corridor. 
Whipping out her phone, she scrolled to someone’s phone number and made a call. 
When the call was connected, she glanced around and made sure no one was around before whispering, “Find out everything about Fabian and Hannah. No expense is to be spared in this investigation. I’ll be waiting for you at Radford Holiday Cafe.” 
After hanging up, her gaze flickered as a vicious grin appeared on her lips. 
I’m not the only one who wants to marry Fabian. Don’t blame me for making you everyone’s target. Let’s see how you will deal with all the schemes. 
Meanwhile, Heather chattered with the others amiably before leaving to visit a friend of hers. 
“Call the Blackwood family. Did they forget about Winson’s discharge from the hospital today?” Jason demanded angrily. They were prepared to leave, but none of the Blackwoods were here, so they couldn’t leave. 
Jason was growing increasingly impatient. How could the Blackwood family forget about Winson? If I were Winson, I would’ve left their family by now. 
“Well…” Hannah trailed off hesitantly. I don’t think the Blackwood family has forgotten about this. They must be busy with something, hence the delay. They might be heading here now.
“There’s no need to call them. Winson can move into my place, which Fabian allowed me to stay for the time being. My holidays aren’t over yet, and I will be there for some time. We can go out and have fun together,” Helen suggested. 
She turned and asked Winson, “Will you stay with me for the next few days, Winson? My place is nearby Hannah’s house. That way, we can spend more time together.”
###Chapter 1236
Chapter 1236 
Winson couldn’t even find someone to talk to in the Blackwood Residence, let alone someone who’d spend time with him. Immediately, he agreed to Helen’s suggestion. “Sure, no problem! I’ll stay with you!” 
Helen looked at her sister to gain her approval. 
Seeing how excited Winson was, Hannah gave her a slight nod. Bitterness engulfed her heart when she realized how much her little brother had suffered in the Blackwood family. 
If I weren’t staying with Fabian, I would’ve asked him to move in with me. 
“Let’s go!” As they had come to a decision, Fabian spoke. 
He told his subordinates to bring both Hannah and Winson’s stuff to his car. 
“I’ll drop Winson off. Fabian, you can drop Hannah off to save time. We can have lunch on our own,” suggested Jason after glancing at his watch. 
Fabian nodded in agreement. 
“Time for our parents to meet up,” Fabian told Hannah coolly when they were both alone in the car. 
“Huh?” His words took Hannah by astonishment. 
“Don’t worry. I’ve already told your parents about it,” explained Fabian. He knew what Hannah was concerned about. 
Hearing his explanation, Hannah heaved a sigh of relief. “Sure. I’ll ask my parents out for lunch, then.”
Nevertheless, Hannah felt nervous at the thought of her parents meeting Fabian’s mother. They will talk about us a lot. Luckily, my parents aren’t greedy people. Otherwise, that will be embarrassing. 
Soon, they arrived at the villa. Hannah exhaled sharply. Finally, I no longer need to sleep in the tiny bed in the hospital! 
They unpacked her stuff together and booked a private room at the hotel for lunch. Fabian then called Jason to ask him to bring Hendrick and Gillian to the hotel. 
“The driver will give you a ride there. I need to go pick my mother up,” Fabian instructed. 
“Sure!” Hannah nodded. 
On the way to the hotel, Hannah stared blankly at the passing scenery. She didn’t know what to feel about the current situation. Everything felt perfect yet surreal. 
Am I going to settle down with Fabian? When will our wedding be held? Or is this just a simple meeting between our parents? 
Suddenly, a scene of Fabian feeding her soup flashed across her mind. 
He was such a gentleman. Instinctively, she leaned nearer to him so she could snuggle into his warm embrace. 
Alas, she knocked right into the cold window. 
Shaking her head, Hannah berated herself for being delusional, but the grin on her face was unmistakable. 
Fabian must be serious this time, right? Hannah thought.
She didn’t know the answer to that question. After all, only Fabian himself knew whether he was sincere or merely toying around with her feelings. 
Soon, the car arrived at the hotel. When Hannah got off the car, she immediately spotted Helen waiting at the entrance. 
“Hannah! This way!” Helen waved her hands excitedly. 
“Hannah, Jason told me Fabian’s mother wants to meet our parents. Are they going to discuss your marriage?” asked Helen curiously. 
“Hey!” Hannah blushed and gave her a vague reply. Instead of continuing the conversation, she strode ahead. 
“What’s wrong? Are you feeling shy? You’re living together with Fabian. Why are you still this shy?” teased Helen. 
“Stop it!” uttered Hannah in exasperation. She knew Helen was teasing her on purpose.
###Chapter 1237
Chapter 1237 
“Fine, I’ll stop.” Helen caught up to her and took her hand as they headed in together. 
Hannah was wondering how Fabian explained the situation to her parents. As he said nothing to her, she might accidentally let out too much. 
Before she could come up with a solution, they arrived at the private room. 
Ah, I’ll have to wing it until Fabian arrives. 
When she pushed the door open, she saw Jason blabbering to her parents, who were listening to him attentively. 
She could hear Fabian’s name being thrown around. 
“Dad, Mom!” Hannah greeted them. 
“Uh, you’re here!” Jason turned his head, seemingly shocked to see her. As he was gossiping about Fabian and Hannah to the Youngs, he immediately froze awkwardly. 
“Go on!” Helen smirked and urged him to continue his talk. 
“I-I…” Jason stuttered, but nothing else came out of his mouth. In the end, he turned to the Youngs and offered, “Uncle Hendrick, Aunt Gillian, Hannah’s here. You can talk to her.” 
With that, he sprinted to the seat right next to them and plopped down into the chair. 
Helen gave him a disdainful gaze and muttered, “Ha! I knew you’d act this way.” 
“Hannah, Fabian told me everything,” said Hendrick.
“Mm, yeah. That was what happened,” replied Hannah awkwardly. She had no idea what Fabian told her parents. 
“Come sit beside me, Hannah,” said Gillian warmly. She had always adored Hannah and was delighted at her daughter’s recovery. 
She took Hannah’s hand and bombarded her with all sorts of questions. Hannah responded hastily. Luckily, Jason was there to help her fend off some questions. 
Meanwhile, Hendrick was talking to Helen softly, asking how Fabian treated Hannah usually. Although Hannah found out they were her adoptive parents, he was still the person who brought her up. Their relationship remained the same, so he was concerned about Hannah’s marriage. 
At that moment, the door swung open yet again, revealing Fabian and Heather’s figures. 
Immediately, Hannah breathed a sigh of relief at that. Finally, I don’t have to answer to Mom myself. I wasn’t even this nervous when I talked to Heather. Mom thinks I’m a good girl. What will she think of me when she realizes I got married to Fabian out of anger? 
“Dad, Mom,” greeted Fabian politely. 
All at once, Hannah was rendered speechless. She regained her composure swiftly and greeted Heather, “Mom.” 
Helen, who didn’t know they were married, jolted in shock. What the heck? They aren’t even married yet. Why are they calling each other’s parents Mom and Dad? What’s with the rush? 
“Take a seat, take a seat.” Hendrick was all smiles. After hearing what Helen had to say about his son- in-law, he was pretty satisfied.
“Sure.” Heather was beaming happily, too. When Hendrick pulled out the chair for her, she took a seat without hesitation. 
“Mom, they are my parents,” introduced Hannah with a shy smile. 
They had registered for their marriage a year ago, but their parents hadn’t met each other. I can’t believe our parents don’t recognize each other until today!
###Chapter 1238
Chapter 1238 
Seeing the flush on Hannah’s cheeks, Fabian shook his head and introduced his mother to the Youngs. “This is my mother.” 
Of course. Hendrick thought. But why is his mother here alone? What about his father? He stopped wondering after a while. He must be busy running his business empire. Obviously, he isn’t as as me. 
They started chatting merrily. Heather was so excited she even talked about Fabian’s childhood. Hannah couldn’t help but giggle after hearing about Fabian’s childhood. She didn’t know he was such a cheeky kid. 
Jason perked his ears up so he wouldn’t miss anything. Fabian was already an accomplished man when Jason started working for him, so it was rare to get to hear about his childhood stories. 
At first, Hendrick and his wife were slightly cautious because of Heather’s influential background. They were afraid of saying something wrong which could potentially embarrass their daughter. As their conversation flowed along smoothly, they soon realized their in-law was down to earth. Soon, they let down their guard and chatted heartily with her. 
Lunch was over rather quickly. As the parents had a great time, Fabian and Hannah felt thrilled too. 
During lunch, Heather never mentioned their wedding. Strangely, a trace of disappointment crept into Hannah’s heart. 
As Heather steered clear of this topic, Hendrick couldn’t bring himself to mention it. It would be too embarrassing to mention the wedding as a representative of the bride since the groom’s mother said nothing about it. There was also the question of the wedding gift. If he were to mention it, people might think they were after Fabian’s money.
Fabian then asked Jason to give the Youngs a ride home while he brought Hannah and Heather back to Norton Residence. 
Upon arrival, Hannah inhaled sharply when she saw how grand Norton Residence was. Once she recalled Phoenix Group was one of the top companies in the country, she relaxed visibly. Fabian is the president of Phoenix Group. No wonder the Nortons reside in this huge residence. 
They entered the living room and headed for the couch. Before they could sit down, Heather blurted out, “Fabian, Hannah, when are you holding your wedding ceremony?” 
Hannah froze awkwardly at her sudden question. Clearly, she had no idea when the wedding would be held as Fabian called the shots in their relationship. 
However, Fabian remained silent. Heather turned at her shoulder and urged, “When?” 
As Fabian remained unfazed and showed no signs of answering Heather’s question, Hannah thought he wasn’t going to marry her. 
Her lips parted as she uttered in disappointment, “Mom, about our wedding—” 
Before she could finish, Fabian stepped forward and pulled her into his arms. 
His sudden actions caught Hannah by surprise. Her eyes widened in disbelief as she stared at him. 
“What the heck are you doing? Your mom is right beside us. Let me go,” she whispered in his embrace. 
Her brows were knitted, so Fabian smirked and drawled, “What’s wrong? Are you shy?” 
Hannah was rendered speechless. She felt a flash of irritation upon seeing how cheeky he was. What the heck? Just say you don’t want to marry me. I didn’t force you to hold the wedding ceremony, anyway.
She was deep in thought when Fabian announced, “Mom, the wedding will be held tomorrow.” 
Hannah’s breathing turned quick at his announcement. She bit her tongue in astonishment. The pain caused her to hiss out loud. This isn’t a dream. 
Tomorrow? Our wedding will be held tomorrow? Hannah couldn’t believe it as it was too unreal. She couldn’t help but ask herself, Has he decided to marry me for real?
###Chapter 1239
Chapter 1239 
“Why? Are you stunned by the joyful news?” Fabian gazed at her affectionately as a cheeky smile appeared on his lips. 
“N-No!” Hannah retorted and stepped back hastily, afraid Fabian would see through her. 
Fabian flashed a grin and let her be. 
A corner of Heather’s mouth quirked up when she saw how loving they were. She felt happy for Fabian had found his lifelong partner. 
“Have you prepared everything? The wedding invitations, wedding cars, wedding party and such,” asked Heather. 
“Mom, don’t worry. Everything’s prepared,” Fabian assured her. He had been preparing for the wedding for some time, so nothing would go wrong. 
“You should go take a rest, Mom. I’ll bring Hannah to try on her wedding dress,” Fabian told her. 
“Ah, you think I’m annoying now. Fine, you can go try on the wedding dress. I’ll take a nap.” Heather feigned fury. However, her voice showed no hint of irritation. Clearly, she was pleased with how loving her son and her daughter-in-law were. 
Meanwhile, in a private room in Radford Holiday Cafe, a woman threw a file onto the table furiously. “Ha! I knew it!” 
“They are living together! Did you cast a spell on Fabian, Hannah?”
It was Lyna. She continued yelling, “Back then, Fabian confessed his love to Hannah at her company. They have been living together ever since! Why didn’t you find out about this in your previous investigation?” 
“W-Well, my subordinate made a mistake and…” the other man stuttered. 
“Do you know what your mistake cost me? Can you bear the responsibility?” Lyna hissed menacingly. 
The man parted his lips but said nothing. After all, it was his mistake for overlooking the matter. 
“Forget it. I won’t pursue the matter,” announced Lyna arrogantly. “I have another mission for you— spread the news that Fabian and Hannah are living together.” 
She narrowed her gaze smugly. Ha! How dare you lie to me, Hannah. I trusted you when you told me you were siblings. Do you seriously think I won’t find out? 
Don’t blame me for spreading the news. Let’s see if everyone else will listen to your explanation. Even if they accepted your explanation, will they continue trusting your words? 
At that thought, a crafty smile crept up her lips. 
“Remember to clean up after you, so no one will know I am behind everything. If you make any mistakes, no one will dare to hire you again,” instructed Lyna icily. 
“Yes. You won’t be disappointed this time, Ms. Blackwood,” the man promised. He didn’t like Lyna’s attitude, but he couldn’t say anything as she was his employer. 
“Alright, that’s it. You can leave…” 
Before Lyna could complete her sentence, she was interrupted by the sound of her ringing phone.
She took her phone out irritatedly before realizing it was a call from Felicia. “Hello, Mom. What’s wrong?” she whispered. 
“Lynnie! I just received a wedding invitation from the Norton family!” Felicia sounded anxious on the other side of the phone.
###Chapter 1240
Chapter 1240 
“Huh? What do you mean by a wedding invitation?” Lyna was curious. After all, that could only mean that Fabian was getting married. 
“It’s a wedding invitation to Hannah and Fabian’s wedding!” explained Felicia. 
“What?” Lyna was so astounded that her vision went black for one second. Fabian and Hannah are getting married? What about me, then? 
“Come back here!” she howled at the man who was leaving the room. 
The man froze instantly. Even if you’re mad from the phone call, don’t vent out your anger on me! 
“Lynnie, listen. Let’s forget about this. Fabian is married, so stop dreaming about marrying him. You should get another man,” Felicia tried to comfort her daughter as she knew how rash her daughter was. 
“Mom, stop it. I know what to do!” Lyna cut the line and flung her phone out in fury. 
“Well, well. Hannah Young, you’re swift, huh? I can’t believe you’ve managed to persuade Fabian to marry you this soon! I won’t give up! Never!” Lyna muttered to herself angrily. 
The man who was working for her immediately snorted. They are married, so exposing their cohabitation is useless now. 
“You! Come here!” Lyna commanded sternly. 
The man knew she was mad, so he scuttled over obediently lest he offended her. 
At the same time, there were plenty of women who blew their top upon finding out Fabian was about to marry Hannah tomorrow.
In an office, a man wearing shades received another phone call asking him to investigate Hannah again. 
He told his subordinate, “Print another copy of Hannah Young’s details and sent them to Ms. Cinder.” 
His subordinate wondered out loud, “Who is this Hannah Young? Many socialites had been asking about her recently.” 
On the other hand, Yvette was meeting a bearded man. “I need your help,” she told him. 
The man seemed nonchalant. “Ms. Tanner, you’re so gorgeous. I believe plenty of men would be delighted to help you. Why would you come to me?” 
“Will you help me or not!” Yvette demanded. As the man was eyeing her like a pervert, disgust crept up her heart. I wouldn’t have asked for your help if others could do it! 
“Sure, why not? There’s no reason for me to turn you away, Ms. Tanner,” replied the man with a grin. 
“I believe you’ve heard about Fabian’s wedding.” Yvette didn’t beat around the bush. 
“Of course.” Fabian was an influential man, so he sent out invitations to every big shot in the city— including those in the underworld. Hence, the news of his wedding had spread quickly. 
But of course, this man wasn’t invited for he was a nobody who worked under someone else. 
“Yes. I don’t wish to see the bride at the venue tomorrow,” Yvette declared. 
“Mm? What do you mean? Do you want to…” the man mimicked slitting his throat. 
Instead of replying to him, Yvette gave him a firm nod. Obviously, she had decided to kill Hannah.
Shocked, the man staggered backward and fell into his chair. He swallowed silently. 
“Uh, I don’t think I can do this. You know how capable Fabian is. If he gets upset…” he trailed off and met Yvette’s gaze.
###Chapter 1241
Chapter 1241 
Yvette stated her price. “Ten million. As long as you arranged for a car accident, no one will suspect you.” 
Ten million! I could never earn that much money in this lifetime! The money is surely enough for me and my children! 
His gaze turned greedy, but he was still hesitating because of Fabian’s power. 
Catching the flash of greed in his gaze, Yvette added, “Fifteen million! You can arrange for a thug to fill his car with petrol before crashing into the wedding car and caused it to explode. No one will survive, so you can escape with the money easily.” 
Yvette stood up and went to the man. “Even if you pay five million for that thug to keep it a secret, you still have ten million for you to survive abroad.” 
Deep down, the man was calculating the cost of hiring a thug, which would be around one million. He would only need to show himself to that thug who would die after the accident. Fabian won’t know it’s me. I will be on the plane by then. 
“No matter you succeed for not, we shall never meet. You don’t have to worry about being exposed.” Yvette patted his shoulder to persuade him. 
“Alright, deal. But show me the money first!” The man took a deep breath and agreed. 
“Here is five million as a deposit. I’ll transfer the rest into this card after the accident takes place tomorrow.” Yvette took out a card from her bag and gave it to the man.
After accepting the card, the man’s breathing quickened. He had never owned this much money in his life as he was just a lowly thug. Five million alone was an astronomical amount for him. 
“Here you go. Someone will call and inform you regarding Fabian’s usual route.” Yvette handed him a box with a smartphone inside. Clearly, she came here well-prepared so Fabian wouldn’t discover it was her behind the scheme. 
When the man was about to leave, Yvette suddenly spoke. “We have to prepare for the worst. Send your family overseas by tonight. I’ll fake their deaths. Even if you get caught, don’t reveal my name. Otherwise, your family…” 
She trailed off, knowing the man would understand her underlying meaning. 
Fabian brought Hannah back to their villa before he headed to their wedding venue alone for the last inspection. Everything was ready, so he went back to his office as he had been neglecting work for the past few days. 
Hannah was puzzled. Didn’t he say he’ll accompany me to try on my wedding dress? Why did he leave without me? 
Fabian sat in his office and dealt with work efficiently. When he was done, instead of leaving, he propped his arm up and wondered, Something seems amiss. I think I missed out on something, but I can’t figure out what it is. 
“This one? No. That’s ready, too.” 
Fabian tapped his finger on the desk lightly and went through everything in his mind. 
He was engrossed in his thoughts when his phone rang. It was a call from his uncle, Finnick.
As Fabian misunderstood Vivian, she ended up marrying Finnick. It was too late when he discovered the truth. 
“Hello?” 
He massaged his temples and answered the call. 
“Fabian, since you’re getting married tomorrow, I have something to tell you,” came Finnick’s reply at the other end of the line calmly.
###Chapter 1242
Chapter 1242 
“Go ahead,” said Fabian coolly. 
Finnick was his uncle, so he also sent him an invitation to his wedding. 
“You need to be careful during your wedding. I believe you know many women would die to marry into our family. Be on your guard lest someone try to harm your bride and ruin your wedding,” stated Finnick sternly. 
Fabian listened to his words attentively before responding, “What do you mean?” 
Is he warning me because someone is trying to harm Hannah? Fabian wondered. 
“It’s nothing much. I just want to remind you to be careful. After all, I’m your uncle.” Finnick paused before adding, “Well, that’s all I have to say. Bye!” 
After Finnick hung up, it took Fabian some time to ponder about the matter. Clearly, Finnick made that call as a reminder to him. 
Narrowing his gaze, Fabian muttered, “Does he mean someone is going to harm Hannah at our wedding?” 
At once, he shook his head to refute that idea. His plan was very intricate and covered every aspect of the wedding, including Hannah’s safety. He deliberated for some time before reaching for his phone to call someone. 
Hannah was currently lazing on the couch while pondering about their wedding.
Hmm, since Fabian is the president of Phoenix Group, it must be a grand affair. Will they spread rumors saying I seduced him on purpose to get my hands on his wealth? 
Ha! I’m not afraid cos I’ve never spent his money. My conscience is clear! 
“Hello? Are the custom-made wedding dresses ready?” After making sure everything was in place, Fabian called his assistant. 
“Mr. Norton, they are ready. When should I deliver the dresses?” 
“Mm, deliver them to my house now.” 
Fabian then left to head home so he could watch Hannah trying on the wedding dresses. 
I shall be the first to see her in a wedding dress! 
“I need to ask about the donation. It feels strange, like I was the one who took two hundred million from him,” mused Hannah. 
They were a family, but Hannah felt like they should make things clear, especially when it comes to money. 
Many wealthy families ended up in tatters because of money. She refused to follow in their footsteps by allowing money to ruin their relationship. 
She knew Fabian couldn’t care less, but that didn’t mean the others were fine with it. After all, the Norton family was huge. 
Of course, she couldn’t afford to pay two hundred million back at once. She could try the lottery, but she would need to hit the jackpot continuously for over one month to repay the debt. 
I need to tell Fabian that the money isn’t from me.
She was busy figuring out how to tell Fabian when the door was unlocked. 
“Oh, you’re back.” 
Hannah turned and immediately spotted Fabian’s grinning face. 
He then nodded and stepped away from the door. 
A few ladies in uniforms came into the house in pairs and displayed the wedding dresses in their hands. 
“What is this?” Seeing the resplendent wedding dresses, Hannah gasped in shock. 
Inwardly, she thought Fabian asked the staff to show up with the gowns as he didn’t want to accompany her to the wedding dress shop. 
She rolled her eyes and mumbled, “I won’t force you to go. Why are you doing this? Helen will accompany me there to try out the gowns willingly.” 
“Hmm?” 
Fabian couldn’t hear what she was saying, but judging from her expression, she was clearly complaining about him again. 
He arched his brows in displeasure. I prepared several custom-made wedding gowns for her but ended up being at the receiving end of her grievances.
###Chapter 1243
Chapter 1243 
Ah, forget it. I’m in a good mood today to pick on you. 
“Try them on.” 
Fabian pointed at the gowns and gave instructions to Hannah. 
She pouted in response but stood up obediently and led the ladies to her dressing room. 
There, she scrutinized the wedding gowns which Fabian had prepared for her. 
“Wow, they are really pretty!” 
Her eyes widened in pleasant surprise. 
When she was in college, she once saw a wedding dress on display in a photography studio. Feeling envious, she decided that her future husband would have to buy her a wedding dress for their wedding. 
As the wedding gowns were prettier than the one she saw back then, she could barely conceal her delight. 
“Are these from different bridal shops?” 
Hmm, Fabian’s quite thoughtful. He must’ve picked the gowns carefully. 
“We’re from the same bridal shop,” one girl replied. 
In fact, her gaze was full of envy. 
“Oh,” came Hannah’s disappointed reply. “I thought he picked them out for me.”
The girl was originally confused by Hannah’s expression, but she quickly realized that Hannah had gotten it wrong. 
“Miss, you’ve misunderstood your husband… No, your fiancé.” 
“Huh?” Hannah’s confused gaze landed on her. Did I misunderstand Fabian? 
“Our bridal shop provides custom-made wedding dresses only. Your fiancé paid for the top designer, Bertel from Beskary, to design your dresses. They are unique pieces,” she explained. 
Hannah was pleasantly surprised. Oh, Fabian cares about me. No, he clearly adores me. 
She lowered her gaze shyly and took the wedding dress from the shop assistant before heading into the changing room. 
I can’t believe I misunderstood Fabian. He’s innocent. Why did I overthink things and embarrass myself? 
She closed the door and berated herself silently. 
Anyway, he often bullies me. I can misunderstand him this once, right? 
Hannah took off her clothes and held the wedding gown in front of her body. This is quite pretty. 
“Where is she?” 
Fabian walked into the dressing room and asked the shop assistants. 
“She’s changing inside the room.” 
“Oh?” Fabian flashed a devilishly handsome grin. “Alright. Leave the dresses here. You can leave now.”
The shop assistants were confused, but they put the dresses down and filed out obediently. After they left, Fabian muttered to himself, “I, her husband, should be the one giving her opinions.” 
He pushed the door to the changing room open. Hannah was too engrossed with her own reflection in the mirror to realize he had entered. She only had her undies on. 
“Mm, nice view. Hannah, you’re gorgeous,” she praised herself as she posed seductively in front of the mirror. 
Suddenly, a pair of leather shoes appeared in her sight. They didn’t belong to her. Stunned, she turned at her shoulder and saw Fabian chuckling evilly. His gaze was fixated on her private part. 
Hannah instinctively grabbed a cloth from the rack and covered herself up hastily.
###Chapter 1244
Chapter 1244 
Her reaction amused Fabian greatly. I’m your husband. Why are you so afraid of me? Plus, it took a while for you to react. Well, well. 
“Why are you here?” yelled Hannah, her voice trembling. 
She was still in shock at Fabian’s sudden appearance. A flush crept up her face as Fabian sized her up brazenly. 
“Me?” Fabian chuckled. “I’m here to provide my opinion. If you can’t make up your mind, I’ll be here for you.” 
Pfft! I know you better than that! You’re here to peek at me. There’s no way you came just to provide an opinion! 
“Oh, I’m not done yet,” she replied. “Why don’t you go out first? I’ll come out when I’m done changing.” 
“Sure.” 
Fabian nodded and turned to leave without hesitation. 
Hannah watched him leave dubiously. Huh? Why did he leave so quickly? This isn’t like him. 
She trailed behind him so she could lock the door the minute he left the changing room. By doing that, he wouldn’t be able to peek when she was changing. 
Suddenly, Fabian came to a stop. 
Before Hannah could react in time, he reached out and tugged the cloth away to reveal her naked body.
She went wide-eyed and yelled furiously, “Hey! What are you doing?” 
Hannah jumped up like a panicked rabbit and moved away from him as she felt a sense of foreboding. 
Fabian wasn’t sure if he should laugh or feel exasperated at Hannah’s reaction. 
He had always enjoyed seeing Hannah being shy, but he also wished she could accept his advances and go along with him. 
“Remember, we are husband and wife,” a calm Fabian reminded Hannah as he gazed at her adoringly. 
Reaching out, he pulled a retreating Hannah into his arms and held her tightly, leaving no room for her to back out. 
We are husband and wife? 
I know that. But how much of that is true? 
Hannah struggled to herself. She didn’t even know why she was doing that, as her heart already belonged to Fabian. 
Fabian wrapped his muscular arm around her neck and gazed at her as though he could see through her thoughts. 
“Be good and play along. You gave me your word, and I’m just helping you to fulfill your promise,” he uttered. 
After saying that, he lowered his head and devoured Hannah’s lips. 
Immediately, Hannah shivered from the electrifying sensation that ran through her body. Fabian’s kiss melted her heart as she closed her eyes slowly.
Fabian’s hands wandered down her back in a fleeting caress. 
By now, Hannah’s tongue had gone numb by his dizzying kisses. Her mind was in a daze. 
Fabian never stopped kissing her as he slid an arm under her knees and picked her up, striding toward his bedroom. 
Once he reached the bedroom, he tossed her onto the bed before pouncing on her greedily. 
Gradually, darkness took over. The streetlights lit up one by one, guiding the milling crowd outside. 
Meanwhile, Hannah laid in Fabian’s arms. She couldn’t stop staring at him. Every now and then, she would lower her head shyly. 
Fabian had a mischievous grin on his lips as he lifted her chin nonchalantly. “You taste nice,” he remarked.
###Chapter 1245
Chapter 1245 
Hearing his words, Hannah’s cheeks turned pink. She looked up and shot Fabian an accusing look. 
“What’s wrong? Are you shy? You were a different woman earlier. Remember how eager you were?” Fabian chuckled and pinched her cheek. 
Hannah grabbed his hand hastily and glared at him. “I-I… You…” She was so mad that she couldn’t come out with a complete sentence. 
Slowly, Fabian retracted his hand from her grip. He held her hands with his and placed them on his chest. “Your hands are chilly,” he commented, seemingly concerned. 
That almost brought tears to Hannah’s eyes. She felt touched by his heartwarming action. 
“Looks like I’ll have to suffer after we get married,” lamented Fabian. 
He sighed loudly. 
Huh? Hannah was confused. Why will you be the one who suffers? You’re lucky to get to marry me! Why would you suffer? 
Seeing the curiosity in her gaze, Fabian merely shrugged and said, “I’ll have to warm your hands up.” 
Hannah rolled her eyes and punched him lightly. 
Taking her tiny hands, Fabian pressed them against his chest while pulling her into his embrace with his other hand. 
Hannah hesitated for a moment before asking, “Uh, about the donation. What is it about?”
“What about that?” 
Fabian knew what she meant, but he pretended to be clueless and gazed at her in astonishment. 
“Well, that two hundred million,” she added. 
“Two hundred million? What are you talking about?” 
“Uh, the donation for the poor,” Hannah plucked up her courage and blurted out. 
“Oh!” Fabian nodded thoughtfully. 
Hannah gazed at him expectantly and waited for his explanation. 
“Sure, it’s a good thing indeed. You can have it,” came Fabian’s strange reply. 
“Huh? What do you mean? I’m talking about that two hundred million.” 
Hannah was at a loss for words. Did I fail to explain clearly? Or did Fabian fail to understand me? 
“You want two hundred million to donate to charity, right?” 
Fabian gazed at her in surprise. 
“Ah? When? I know nothing of it!” 
Hannah looked up in shock. Did I tell Fabian to donate two hundred million? But I don’t remember asking him to do so! Was I drunk? Or did I lose my memory? 
“Just now,” replied Fabian innocently. 
“I…” Hannah scowled at once.
“What’s wrong?” Fabian seemed concerned, but inwardly, he was grinning with glee at her reaction. 
“It’s fine,” said Hannah as she shook her head. Deep down, she was muttering to herself, I didn’t get drunk. He’s the drunk one. 
Fabian grinned and said nothing else. He switched off the lights so they could sleep. His beloved had tried on the wedding dress and was currently slumbering by his side. He could hardly contain his happiness as he pressed a kiss on her forehead before closing his eyes to sleep. 
Fabian. Oh, Fabian. Hannah mused silently. 
Is he seriously asleep? 
I can’t believe how fast he fell asleep. 
Our wedding is going to be held tomorrow. I still can’t believe it. 
Fabian, do you really love me? You’re going to marry me, but women will still throw themselves at you. You surely can’t resist their temptations. 
Should I loosen the reins? Just like what I’ve done before? Should we lead separate lives like before?
###Chapter 1246
Chapter 1246 
Ugh, I still can’t fall asleep. What time is it now? 
Fabian’s heartless. How can he remain calm when our wedding is going to be held tomorrow? 
No, I need to teach him a lesson. 
Hannah flicked his forehead and snickered silently. Ha! Serves you right! 
It was a long night for Hannah. When the sun peeked over the horizon, her eyes finally fluttered shut. 
Sometime later, Fabian opened his eyes and stretched instinctively. Hannah, who was resting on his shoulder, promptly jolted awake. 
“What time is it?” she asked with her eyes still closed. 
Fabian caressed her cheek and replied softly, “It’s still early. Get some sleep.” 
In reply, he heard Hannah’s even breathing. 
Shaking his head, he pecked her forehead and got up. 
“Mr. Jackson? Are you sure you want to attend the wedding?” Xavier’s assistant queried in bewilderment. 
“I admit defeat. No matter what, Hannah is a great woman who deserves my blessing. I need to attend her wedding,” answered Xavier calmly. “Get prepared. We shall be there earlier as I have something to tell them.”
Meanwhile, Leo was admiring his reflection in the mirror in delight. He kept smoothing out his shirt while buzzing with happiness. 
Today, it was Hannah’s and Fabian’s wedding. As he was Hannah’s biological father, he couldn’t help but feel happy for them. Of course, he was mostly elated because of Fabian. 
When the Norton family rejected Lyna, he felt humiliated, but he only wanted his daughter to marry into the Norton family to help with his business. 
Lyna was his first choice, but he was alright with Hannah marrying Fabian, too. 
Right now, Lyna was sitting on the couch with her gaze narrowed. A cunning grin flitted across her lips. Hannah Young, you’re done for. 
“Mm, not bad. I look more stunning than Hannah,” Yvette praised herself, nodding in satisfaction at her reflection in the mirror. 
At the thought of Hannah, her gaze turned savage. “I can’t believe that brat managed to seduce Fabian and convinced him to marry her.” 
Yvette’s fists balled up in anger. If Hannah were standing in front of her right now, she would’ve given her a punch. 
Resentment festered in her whenever she thought about Fabian and Hannah getting married. 
The past scenes flashed across her eyes. Back then, Fabian admitted they were dating each other. He didn’t even forbid the media when they addressed her as “Mrs. Norton.” 
If it weren’t for Hannah, I would be Fabian’s bride today.
“Ha! You might be full of schemes, but you will no longer have the chance to fight against me. I will replace you as Fabian’s bride!” Yvette began laughing arrogantly. 
Hannah’s eyes snapped open suddenly. Sensing the sunlight shining through the window, she realized it was quite late and got off the bed hastily. 
It was her wedding day, so she needed to dress up prettily. It would take at least half an hour for her to wash her hair, let alone put on makeup and other stuff. 
She washed herself up and sat in front of her dressing table to start her makeup routine when Fabian showed up with three people behind him. 
Puzzled, she wondered what Fabian was doing. Is he friends with those people? 
The three were clad in casual T-shirts, ripped jeans, and black canvas sneakers. 
Their outfits weren’t really astonishing because Hannah had those in her wardrobe, too. However, their hairstyles…
###Chapter 1247
Chapter 1247 
The three of them had more than three earring holes. Besides, they had their hair dyed in every imaginable color, and their hairstyles were weird. None of them looked ordinary. 
Upon seeing that, Hannah laughed awkwardly and looked at Fabian quizzically as she queried, “What?” 
Actually, her whole sentence was ‘What the hell are you doing!’. 
“They are the make-up artists from a make-up company under Phoenix Group,” Fabian explained. 
Before Hannah could get a chance to refuse, he signaled for the artists to move forward. At that, they immediately approached Hannah. 
To the make-up artists and stylists, the first step was to identify the client’s face shape and temperament. After that, they would do a make-up application tailored to the client’s features. 
Hence, the three of them surrounded Hannah and sized her up. 
Seeing that, immense shock gripped Hannah. These people look at me as though I’m a baboon! Why? Is there something on my face? 
Not long after, the artists started putting on make-up on Hannah. After they had done, Hannah looked at herself in the mirror and widened her eyes in surprise. Is this really me? 
She was at a loss for words at that time. Oh my god! The make-up is on point! The eyeshadow makes me look so alluring.
I think I will definitely look pretty in photos without using a beauty filter now. Hannah pondered to herself. 
“Mr. Norton, the make-up is done. Next, we need to go to the hair salon to style Ms. Young’s hair,” One of the make-up artists said. 
Fabian turned toward Hannah and scrutinized her carefully. At that time, the latter looked prettier and more feminine than usual with make-up on. 
Upon seeing that, Fabian nodded with satisfaction and instructed gently, “Follow them to the hair salon. I’ll send someone to drive you to the villa that I’ve arranged for your family after you’ve done.” 
“Okay,” answered Hannah. 
Meanwhile, Helen was putting on make-up at the villa that Fabian arranged for her to stay in with a bright smile on her face. She was glad that Hannah and Fabian found each other and formed a family together. 
At that time, she was looking forward to seeing their marital home. She was curious how Fabian, who was known for his extravagant spending styles, would decorate their new house. 
On the other hand, her parents were sitting on the sofa and kept drinking water. There were constant smiles on their faces. Obviously, Hannah’s marriage got them nervous and excited at the same time. 
Fabian arranged the ceremony at the villa that he prepared for Helen while the wedding banquet was set at Glory Hotel. 
Everything was going on as planned. 
In his bedroom, Fabian changed into the groom’s suit and tied a ribbon on his neck. Then, he put on a broad smile and murmured, “Hmm… this silly girl looked different with heavy make-up.”
Meanwhile, the entrance of Glory Hotel was decorated with red buntings and hot air balloons which fluttered along with the wind. 
“Congratulations on your wedding day, Fabian and Hannah.” 
“May today mark the first of the rest of your life, filled with love and fellowship.” 
“May your love grow stronger with each and every passing year.” 
At that time, the various luxury cars that were parked at the parking lot of Glory Hotel were sufficient to form an auto show. There were Maybach, Rolls Royce, Bentley, Lamborghini, Porsche, and many more. 
In the meantime, at the hotel’s lobby, Heather, who had arrived early on, was socializing with the guests. 
The guests were all the rich and powerful. The elites from different industries and even the officials of Baykeep had attended the wedding too. 
“Go pick your sister-in-law up from the hair salon and send her to the villa. Then, come back here and accompany me to fetch her from the villa,” Fabian instructed Jason. 
Hearing that, Jason nodded petulantly. He didn’t understand why Fabian wanted to make things difficult, but he dared not to question the latter and could just follow the order. 
At that time, a few colleagues who acted as bridesmaids at Hannah’s wedding had arrived at the villa. They chatted happily with each other and congratulated Hannah sincerely. 
“Is everything ready?” Fabian picked up his phone and queried softly.
After receiving responses from the other side, he stood up and walked out of the room. Then, he got into a white Rolls Royce and ordered in a calm tone, “Head out.”
###Chapter 1248
Chapter 1248 
In an instant, the time seemed to have frozen. The sound of engines roaring filled the entrance of Fabian’s villa. 
Then, the wedding convoy left the villa. From the convoy, everyone could tell that Fabian was a rich and powerful person. At that time, all roads leading to the destination were sealed off. With the police car clearing the path, the Ferrari led the convoy, followed by Porsches, the Bentleys escorted the black Rolls Royces on both sides while the Hummers escorted it in front and at the back. In the middle of the black Rolls Royces was Fabian’s white Rolls Royce. It was a grand sight indeed! 
Upon seeing that, the passers-by were stunned. Some people even stopped their cars to watch the ostentatious convoy and to take a selfie. 
The paparazzi also whipped out their camera immediately to capture the majestic scene. 
“Hahaha! It’s finally time for our magazine company to shine. Hannah is our team member. I am sure that our magazine sales will definitely reach a new high and surpass other teams this time.” 
On the way to Glory Hotel, Bob witnessed the convoy. He couldn’t stop himself from chuckling aloud upon seeing those people who kept taking photos with the wedding convoy. 
“Heh. Go ahead and take pictures. I don’t believe you can get any special and exclusive photos or news,” Bob mumbled to himself delightfully. Obviously, he already knew that a few of his team members were Hannah’s bridesmaids. 
With the sirens of the police car, the convoy had arrived at the destination. 
Helen thought something serious had happened when she heard that. Hence, she rushed to the window to see what was going on. In the next second, she was greeted by an unexpected sight. A fleet
of luxurious cars stopped in front of the villa. Then, she saw Fabian got out of the car. The latter was clad in a custom-made black suit which made him look handsome. 
“Woah! What a grand sight!” Helen gulped and exclaimed in surprise. 
Despite having prepared herself for an ostentatious wedding convoy, Hannah still hadn’t expected the convoy to be that spectacular. 
Upon stepping out of the car, Fabian straightened his cuffs. He lifted his head to look at the villa and exclaimed secretly. Finally, I can openly marry you! Then, he instructed indifferently, “Let’s go.” 
As Fabian’s loyal subordinate, Jason stood in front to lead the men and walked toward the entrance of the villa. His pocket looked bulging because he had stuffed a stack of cash money inside it. 
Helen knew Jason would definitely come and join in the ceremony. Thus, she offered to guard the door in the living room. 
“Quick, open the door, missy. Fabian is here to pick up his bride,” Jason knocked on the door and said in excitement. 
“Why are you so thrilled? This isn’t even your wedding,” said Helen as she saw Jason stood in front and closest to the door via the peephole. 
“Tsk! It’s not yours either. Why do you have to block the door? Open the door,” Jason twitched his lips and replied coldly. 
“Cut the crap! You have to bribe us for us to open the door! Otherwise, we won’t let you in.” 
Since Helen was in the villa at that time, she dared to make things difficult for Jason. 
“Fine, I give it to you now. Open the door, please.”
Jason knew the more important thing right now was to clear the entrance for Fabian. Hence, he followed the former’s instructions. 
He put the money into the red envelopes, arranged them into the shape of an open fan and showed the envelopes in front of the peephole, and said, “I have put the money into the envelopes. Open the door, and I will give it to you now. How am I going to give it to you if you don’t open the door, Helen?” 
After pondering for a short while, Helen realized what Jason said made sense. However, she didn’t open the door immediately because she knew that the latter wouldn’t give her the money once he had gained entrance. 
Therefore, she inserted the chain knob into the slide plate before opening the door. 
Hearing the sound of the door unlocked, Jason exerted a slight force with his hands, trying to push the door open. 
“Hmph! I knew it. Luckily I’m smart. Quick, give me the red envelopes,” said Helen with a proud expression on her face. 
Jason didn’t mind that. He took out a few envelopes, passed them to her through the gap of the door, and queried, “Can you open the door now?” 
Helen reached her hand out to take over the envelopes. Then, she raised her middle finger at the former. 
“Hmph! That’s not enough! Quick, give me all the envelopes. Don’t you dare play games with me or I won’t open the door. Fabian will hold you responsible if you waste his time.” 
You! Hmph! This damned lass tricks me again!
###Chapter 1249
Chapter 1249 
Phew! 
Reluctantly, Jason handed Helen all the envelopes because he didn’t want to waste Fabian’s time. He couldn’t afford to offend the latter. 
After getting a thick stack of envelopes, Helen stuffed a few of them into other people’s hands and said aloud, “Give me a moment. Open the door after I enter Hannah’s bedroom.” 
With that, she trotted all the way to Hannah’s bedroom. As soon as she entered the room, she threw the envelopes in the air and said excitedly, “Here’s the money! Catch, everyone!” 
Meanwhile, Jason rushed into the villa when he saw the door opened. However, he realized that Helen had already entered Hannah’s room at that time. 
Upon seeing that, Fabian let out a soft laugh and shook his head. 
“Hannah, Fabian is here. Please open the door. Can you bear to let him wait outside?” 
Jason knew that Hannah was soft-hearted, so he tried to appeal to the latter with emotions. 
Before Hannah could answer, Helen said, “Tsk! Don’t play such a trick. It doesn’t work. If you want me to open the door, be a little more sincere.” 
What? We weren’t sincere enough? What should we do to prove our sincerity then? 
“We are here to fetch Hannah. Of course, we are sincere. Open the door, please, Helen.” 
“Hannah, I’m here to pick you up. Open the door, please. Don’t waste our time,” Fabian stepped forward and said.
Upon hearing that, Hannah stretched out her hand and signaled for Helen to open the door. 
“Fabian, don’t be affected by Jason. He is not a good person.” 
Of course, Helen wouldn’t let Fabian and his men enter the room that easily. 
“I-I… What makes you think I’m not a good person? Did I offend you or anything?” 
Jason felt embarrassed that he wished the ground could open up and swallow him when he heard Helen’s words because there were many people standing beside him at that time, including people from prominent families who had befriended the Goldstein family. 
Slander! This is pure slander!How am I going to face the world after this? 
“Fabian, I’ll open the door, but…” Helen played hard to get. 
Looking at her mischievous sister, Hannah didn’t know what Helen was plotting in her mind, so she stared at the former curiously. 
“Finish your sentence! Stop dilly-dallying. Hurry up!” 
Jason got increasingly impatient. He planned to bully Helen later on when she opened the door. 
“Ahem!” Helen cleared her throat and continued, “But on one condition. Fabian, you have to sing a song for us.” 
The moment those words left her lips, silence descended upon the villa. Everyone turned to look at Fabian. 
To be frank, they had never heard Fabian sing before. Usually, when they went for a gathering, he sat at the corner quietly while others were singing.
“Hmm… Baa Baa Black Sheep. Sing Baa Baa Black Sheep,” Helen didn’t realize anything wrong at all and continued to request Fabian to sing a nursery rhyme. 
Hannah was rendered speechless when she heard that. Oh my god! My sis is crazy. Even I never heard Fabian sing a song before. How dare you ask him to sing a nursery rhyme. 
On the other hand, everyone in the bedroom was dumbfounded by Helen’s words. But at the same time, delighted smiles appeared on their faces. After a momentary daze, they took out recording pens and pointed them at the door. 
If Fabian really did as Helen said, the news headline would be: President of Phoenix Group sings nursery rhyme to gain entrance to the bride’s room on his wedding day. 
“Cough, cough! Baa Baa Black Sheep? Fabian, I can’t help you with this,” Jason took a glance at Fabian and said with much regret on his face. 
Suddenly, the atmosphere became awkward. A heavy silence so intense filled the space that the sounds of their breathing could be heard clearly. 
At that moment, Hannah wanted to say something, but she couldn’t bring herself to break the silence. To be honest, she was slightly excited and looking forward to hearing Fabian sing. 
She could barely imagine how Fabian looked like when he sang a nursery rhyme. 
“Fabian, how is it? I’ve told you the task that you have to complete to gain entrance. To sing or not to sing, the decision is in your hands.”
###Chapter 1250
Chapter 1250 
Hannah could make out Helen’s impatience in the way she gave out orders. She scanned the room, observing her colleagues who were each holding a recorder in their hands, and sighed inwardly. 
She thought Helen might have overdone it. She had been in a committed relationship with Fabian for so long, she knew his character in and out. Usually, he seemed cold and indifferent. He barely spoke even when he was expressing care and concern for her. 
“Helen, I think…” 
Hannah had barely opened her mouth to speak when she was interrupted by a voice coming from outside. 
“Come on, please don’t make me sing Baa Baa Black Sheep. Can I sing a different song?” Fabian suggested. 
Everyone in the vicinity was shocked to hear him say that. Does this mean we’ll really get to hear Fabian sing today? 
“Um… That’s fine, I guess. But if it’s no good I’m not letting you in.” After a moment’s consideration, Hannah agreed. 
Jason grimaced. He turned to whisper to Fabian, “Are you sure about this, Fabian? I think we should just kick down the door.” 
Clearly, he had little confidence in Fabian’s ability to deliver a song. He had been working under Fabian for so many years and he had never seen or heard Fabian sing. Not once. The man might make a fool of himself later.
“Um, I think Jason has a point. Let’s bring down the door and save all of us some trouble,” said another one of Fabian’s wealthy acquaintances. 
“Right, I was thinking that too. It just so happens that we have all the tools we need.” 
Another person even took out a military shovel. It seemed that he had gotten himself prepared before coming to call. 
Fabian surveyed those around him and shook his head. Everyone was looking for ways to resolve his awkwardness, which was ironic because it meant they had little confidence in him. 
“Fine, I’ll have a go.” 
Fabian paced around his spot, gradually opened his icy-cold lips, and broke into song. 
“Slowly, gently, night unfurls its splendour. Grasp it, sense it, tremulous and tender. Turn your face away from the garish light of day. Turn your thoughts away from cold, unfeeling light. And listen to the music of the night.” 
Hannah stared off into space as she listened intently to Fabian’s love song. Happiness shone brightly on her face, as though Fabian was dedicating the serenade to her and her alone. 
As the love song drew to an end, Hannah was still immersed in her dream world. She imagined Fabian getting down on one knee, holding an engagement ring. He stared deeply and affectionately into her eyes as he sang. Slowly, he held her hand and slipped the ring ever so gently onto her ring finger. 
“Ahem. Fabian, when did you learn to sing like that?” Jason asked, somewhat awkwardly. 
If he had known that Fabian could sing so well, he would not have spoken out of turn.
Clack! The door opened. Helen emerged from behind the door and nodded in satisfaction. She commended Fabian, “Oh, Fabian, that was unexpected! You sang so wonderfully, no wonder my sister’s infatuated with you.” 
Hannah promptly regained her senses, her face a furious red. This was the first time she heard Fabian sing. 
“Although we’ve let you in, we still have to follow the rules. Look at the crowd gathered here,” Helen continued. 
For Fabian, who was known for his generosity, parting with some of his riches should not be a problem. 
“Let’s go.” 
Fabian said softly as he stepped forward and held Hannah’s hand. 
Outside, waiting for Fabian, a middle-aged man gripped the steering wheel tightly with both hands. He stared straight ahead, waiting for Fabian to exit the house with his bride. Beads of sweat poured over his forehead. 
“Why isn’t he out yet? Hey, do you think there’s anything fishy going on?” 
Next to him, a younger man peered out of the window. 
“I’ve informed my family before I agreed to this gig. Just looked at that fleet. I’m guessing we aren’t likely to make it out of this alive. But it’s better to take the chance than to live in poverty for a lifetime,” the middle-aged man said bitterly. 
“Oh, come on. No need to get so down. We’ve received half a million, haven’t we? We’re basically set for life! We finish this, get the other half a million, and then we can leave this place with our family.”
###Chapter 1251
Chapter 1251 
Another man smoked a cigarette in his hand. He said, “Don’t say that. I believe in you. We can all get out of this alive. Look, the fleet is here. I’ll meet you over there.” 
With that said, the smaller one got out of the car and climbed into another one some distance away. 
Hannah sat in the white Rolls-Royce. Quietly, she leaned against her seat, her head slightly turned sideways as she watched the crowd coming and going on the streets. Among the cars in the city, hers was the most eye-catching. The passers-by were casting envious glances at her. She could feel it. They were also excited at the chance to witness such a luxurious wedding. 
Her face was filled with happiness. She and Fabian had tied the knot. This day had finally come after all. Once upon a time, she had assumed that Fabian was just using her to brush off his family’s nagging him to get married, but at that moment she could feel the man’s unspoken and intense love for her. 
She also knew very well what her marriage to Fabian would mean. It indicated that she would be facing many more setbacks. Among them, the members of the Norton family might make things difficult for her, or that Fabian’s other potential suitors would plot against her. Yet, she was not afraid. In her opinion, since she had accepted Fabian’s love, she would not take a step back. 
The more she thought about it, the more she clenched her fists. Next to her, Fabian looked on and proceeded to place her hand in his. 
“What’s wrong?” 
“Oh, nothing. I just—Ah!”
Hannah let out a scream before she could finish her sentence. The next moment, she found herself falling onto Fabian’s lap. 
She turned sideways and was just about to sigh at Fabian when the black spot she was looking at grew bigger and bigger. 
The cars in the fleet followed closely behind one another. While the car in front had barely moved, the car at the back had already closed in. 
Hannah began to panic. She knew that there were people who were reluctant to see her get married to Fabian, and this could be them executing their vengeance. If it had been a coincidence, why had that car hit this white Rolls Royce in particular, and not the other cars at the back or front? Obviously, this was some part of a deliberate plot. 
Come on, hit me with all you’ve got! I’m marrying Fabian if it’s the last thing I do! I’m not afraid of anything! 
Fabian held Hannah in a tight embrace. Although Hannah’s wrist hurt a little from the force, she felt warm and safe in his arms. 
Upon seeing this, the driver of the car hurriedly swerved to the other side, directly crashing through all the guard rails on his side of the road. However, right at that moment, an army-green pickup truck emerged from the other side and was charging towards them at a speed comparable to that of a sports car! 
After the driver hit the railing, he slammed his feet on the gas pedal, turned around so that he was driving in the opposite direction of the lane, and sped through. 
Screams erupted from the passers-by on the sidewalk. Those in the vicinity got away as fast as they could, their pupils enlarged as they witnessed a tragedy about to happen.
“Ah! Run!” 
A woman less than ten meters away from the pickup truck gave a loud shriek as she tried her hardest to run away. She could clearly see a large tank chained to the trunk of the pickup truck. It was oily outside, and there was a pungent smell in the air. 
Needless to say, she could guess what that thing was. In the event of an explosion, the result would be devastating. 
In a twinkling of an eye, the driver of the white Rolls-Royce carrying Fabian and Hannah hit the gas with all his might. The engine hummed loudly, while the pickup truck gained on them like a tiger chasing its prey. 
Crash! 
The pickup truck drove by and crashed against the white Rolls Royce, knocking off a part of its trunk. 
What happened next was a loud bang as the pickup truck collided with another car. 
Boom! Thump! 
The oil tank on the pickup truck exploded, resulting in a raging fire. 
There was a hiss and, soon after, the glass windows of the white Rolls Royce shattered into pieces. 
Hannah tugged at Fabian’s collar tightly. She was shivering. 
A white spark rushed out of the fiery red mass. 
Fabian slowly rose from the seat. He swept away the glass shards on his back and stroked Hannah’s flustered cheeks. “Don’t be scared. I’m here,” he said, comforting her.
###Chapter 1252
Chapter 1252 
Hannah grabbed hold of Fabian and burst into tears. 
The car came to a stop after it had driven a short distance away. 
They were lucky that the driver reacted quickly, and that the Rolls-Royce was a fast car. Without either one, Fabian and Hannah could not have lived to tell the tale. 
“Hey… rest in peace.” 
The aid was shaking all over as he choked. Then, he started the car again and drove away from the chaotic scene. 
The car behind Fabian had quickly backed away when the intruding car approached, but its windows had shattered because of the explosion. Many passengers in the car suffered from minor injuries and were taken to the hospital. 
“Mr. Norton, it seems that you have been right to worry.” The speaker was the person Fabian had purposefully called some time ago. The man was a retired serviceman of the Chanaean special force. Fabian had the man deliberately transferred to their location upon receiving the news. 
“Alright. We’re safe. Let’s get into a different car.” 
Fabian took Hannah’s hand and opened the car door. 
Jason sprinted over to them. After he confirmed with his own eyes that Fabian and Hannah were safe and sound, he heaved a sigh of relief. 
“Fabian, that was a close call. We must find out the culprit behind all this. I’ll kill them!”
“Alright, let’s put this behind us. We have a wedding to see through. We can deal with the rest later.” 
Fabian shrugged. 
“Hello? Okay. Understood. Remember, I want you to deal with the rest. Leave no evidence behind. Or I’ll deal with you!” 
Lyna sat in a corner on the first floor of Glory Hotel. Her face turned grim after she got off the phone. 
“Ho! Fortune favors the bold, Hannah. You’re lucky to escape death.” 
Lyna raised the glass of wine in her hand and gulped it down. Her lips curled into a sly grin. “But this is getting much more interesting. I didn’t think there’d be other parties who dared to join in on this venture. They’re just as bold as I am, if not more. Maybe, just maybe, I can seek them out and work together to get rid of Hannah once and for all. Let’s see if that woman can survive the storm.” 
At the same time, Yvette had also gotten wind that the plan had failed. Compared to Lyna, she was far more nervous. Her face turned deadly pale for fear that Fabian would find out that she was the one behind the attack. 
It was naturally easy for Fabian to invest in her. The reason for her achievements to date was largely due to Fabian’s support. 
Similarly, it would be just as easy for Fabian to kill off her career. It would be tantamount to squashing an ant. 
She downed a few more glasses before leaving the reception hall in a haste. 
Over the years, Fabian had seen his fair share of tragedies and had braved through countless obstacles in life. What just happened was practically a piece of cake to him. Although infuriated, he set his rage aside for now. In his mind, his marriage to Hannah was of top priority.
Fabian had been holding his bride’s hand, and that made Hannah a lot calmer. The interlocking of their fingers gave her a great sense of security. 
The pair had finally arrived at the entrance of Glory Hotel. As soon as they got out of the car, the crowd rushed over and surrounded them. Among the crowd were several reporters. their cameras flashing. 
The crowd escorted them into the hall. 
Heather approached the couple when they finally showed up. “Fabian, what took you so long? The guests have been waiting! Quick, get up there and make a speech so that we may begin the ceremony!” 
Fabian nodded. He did not even consider mentioning the accident to his mother because he did not want her to worry. Furthermore, he was confident that he could resolve the matter privately. 
“Today, I am pleased to have all of you here to attend my wedding. I would like to thank you from the bottom of my heart.” 
Fabian stepped onto the stage, took over the microphone, and addressed the audience. 
“Without further ado, I hope you all can have a good time today.” 
Fabian finished his speech and passed the microphone back to the host. During the whole process, he never let go of Hannah’s hand, while his eyes actively scanned the crowd, looking for suspects. He believed that the culprit who had attempted to kill him and his wife was most likely among the guests. 
“Okay, that was a simple speech from Mr. Norton himself. The auspicious hour is upon us, so let’s get to the main event.”
###Chapter 1253
Chapter 1253 
“Cheers!” 
The hall rumbled with excitement. 
When the wedding was about to begin, there was thunderous applause from the audience. Everyone cheered, as though they were the ones who were getting married. For so long, Fabian had led a low- key life, but he was very efficient in his work. Coupled with the fact that he came from an industrious family with a large business, his network of friends and acquaintances stretched far and wide, with a few bootlickers among them. 
In the reception hall, Leo could not be prouder. He told everybody who would listen that Hannah was his daughter and that soon she would take Fabian’s last name. On top of that, Fabian also had some business to negotiate with him. 
Not far away, Winson glanced at the couple with a silly smile on his face. Among those in the Blackwood family, he might possibly be the only one to wish the couple a happy marriage with all sincerity. 
At that point, Helen turned to Jason, her brows beetled. “Aren’t you supposed to be good at this? Why aren’t you doing anything? How useless. And you call yourself a man?” 
“What do you mean ‘useless’? How am I not a man? Fabian said we’re to put everything on hold for now, at least until after the wedding,” Jason replied confidently. 
“Hmph! They’re the ones getting married, not you! You should hurry up and get to the bottom of this. We don’t want any trouble at the reception,” Helen added.
“I… You…” Annoyed, Jason’s lips trembled as he stuttered, unable to formulate a proper sentence. He turned his head in the other direction, ignoring Helen. It was then that he inadvertently noticed someone eyeing viciously at the couple on the stage. 
“Look! I knew that woman was suspicious! I suspect she’s the one behind all this,” Jason told Helen in all seriousness. 
But Helen would not have it. She did not even glance at him. Her eyes were glued to the stage. 
Tsk! Ignoring me, are you? Fine! I don’t want to be bothered with your tomboyish ways anyway! 
The pastor was standing between the couple, holding a thick Bible in his hand. “Do you, Fabian Norton, take Hannah Young to be your lawfully wedded wife?” 
Fabian gazed deeply into Hannah’s eyes, and replied to the pastor, “I do!” 
The pastor asked Fabian again, “Do you promise to love her, comfort her, honor her family as your own, to live together in matrimony, to keep her for better or worse, for richer or poorer, in sickness and health, and forsaking all others, to be faithful only to her, for as long as you both shall live? Are you willing to make this promise in front of all eyes present?” 
Fabian took a deep breath and stepped forward. “I do.” 
Next, after a pause, he addressed the audience below. “I, Fabian Norton, in the eyes of God and everyone present here as my witnesses, take Hannah Young to be my lawfully wedded wife, to live together in matrimony, to love her, comfort her, honor her, cherish her, be faithful only to her, for as long as I shall live.” 
Hannah was slightly shaking as she listened to Fabian say his vows. She could clearly feel the true love he had for her wrapped up in his every word. Tears began to well up in her eyes.
The guests that day were also touched by Fabian’s vows. Although he was not particularly loud, no one doubted the credibility of his speech. The promises laid bare, spoken by a man of his stature, were wonderful indeed! 
“Way to go, Fabian!” 
Helen sighed as she unconsciously waved her fist at the couple. Then, she looked at the man next to her and said, “See that, Jason? Learn from him, can you? That’s what I call a good man.” 
Aggrieved, Jason wondered, why is someone else’s good fortune somehow my fault too? No compare, no despair! Besides, I’m not so bad myself! 
The pastor then turned towards Hannah with the same set of questions. “Do you, Hannah Young, take Fabian Norton to be your lawfully wedded husband?” 
Tears ran down Hannah’s cheeks, but she managed a sweet smile and replied loud and clear, “I do!” 
The pastor continued, “Are you willing to marry him, as you come of age, to be his gentle and dignified wife, to love him, to respect him, to help him, to live together in matrimony, to honor his family as your own, to perform your duty as his wife, for as long as you both shall live? Are you willing to make this promise in front of all eyes present?”
###Chapter 1254
Chapter 1254 
Holding the microphone in her hands, Hannah knew she was choking up. She parted her bright red lips to say something but stopped. Then she took some time to gather her thoughts. When she was ready, she looked at the crowd and proclaimed affectionately, “I do. I, Hannah Young, am willing to marry Fabian Norton as I come of age, and live together in matrimony with him as my husband.” 
She did not stop there. In fact, she had more to say, “Whatever happens, we’ll face it together, till death do us part.” 
Phew! 
Hannah let out a long sigh. She knew that many people present that day would think she had hit the jackpot by marrying into the Norton family, and that that meant she had successfully sought connections with the rich and affluent. What they did not know was how long she had waited and how much she had sacrificed for that day to become a reality. 
Perhaps there would be many more obstacles waiting for her in the future, but she had little to fear, because she had Fabian by her side, and that was enough for her! 
Helen felt her eyes water when she heard her sister’s serious and romantic speech. In fact, she knew deep down that Hannah was actually talking to the many naysayers out there who frowned upon their relationship. 
“You may exchange the wedding rings.” 
As soon as the pastor announced the next step, the ring bearer and the flower girl walked towards the aisle, holding the rings.
Fabian bent down to take the ring from the children. Then he held Hannah’s hand in his, before slowly slipping the wedding ring onto her ring finger. 
Next, it was Hannah’s turn. She took the second ring and put it on Fabian’s ring finger as well. After that, they embraced each other, and a thunderous applause erupted among the audience. 
However, there was one person in the crowd who did not conform to the majority. She did not put her hands together, but instead muttered sinisterly to herself, “What’s this? Lovers and their happily ever after? What a joke! Fabian! Hannah! Just you wait. I’ll make sure nothing ends well for you.” 
She was none other than Lyna. Not only had she failed to marry into the Norton family as she wished, but witnessing the newlyweds showing their love for each other on stage left a bad taste in her mouth. She felt nothing but hatred towards them. 
“Fabian, why didn’t you choose me? Why have you chosen this woman? She has neither charm nor a good background. Why? Tell me why! How am I not comparable to her? How am I inferior to her?” 
As Lyna stormed away from the ceremony, she mumbled to herself, “Fabian, since you have sealed your fate, then don’t blame me for being cruel. I want your Phoenix Group to fall. Mark my words, you forced me to do this. It’s all on you!” 
“And you, Hannah! I’ll never forgive you! Isn’t beauty what every woman wants? Do you think you’re so smug now? Wait till I ruin that pretty face of yours! We’ll see if Fabian still wants you!” 
Fabian approached his bride and gently wiped the tears away from her face. He whispered to Hannah, “Silly girl, why are you crying. Does marrying me make you so unhappy?” 
In a sweet, romantic gesture, Fabian gently stroked the tip of Hannah’s nose as he spoke. 
Blushing, Hannah chided him, “Oh my gosh, why have you become so shameless?”
After that, the wedding proceeded in an orderly manner. No other accidents occurred. 
Fabian and Hannah went from table to table to greet their guests and performed toast after toast. Soon, Hannah, who was a lightweight, to begin with, got a little drunk. 
Fabian got someone to send Hannah to their marital home. Helen volunteered. 
“Hannah, who do you think attacked you on the way here?” 
Helen accompanied her sister back to her marital home. She popped the question after she got Hannah to sit down. 
Hannah might be a little dazed but her mind was still clear. She gave it some thought, then shook her head and asked Helen in return, “What? Do you know who did it?” 
Helen had something to say on the tip of her tongue, but she held back. Instead, she merely shook her head. 
“Oh, that’s what I thought. How could you possibly know? If you do know, you would have told me sooner, wouldn’t you?” Hannah fell back on her seat and shut her eyes. 
“I… Jason… he…” 
Helen kept stammering, and for a long time, she could not produce a complete sentence. Finally, she gritted her teeth and belted out, “Argh! Jason says he suspects Lyna.” 
“Lyna? Of the Blackwoods? How can it possibly be her? She’s so nice to me. She took such good care of me when I was in the hospital. It most certainly can’t be her,” Hannah replied with a smile.
###Chapter 1255
Chapter 1255 
“I don’t think it is, but that’s what Jason says,” Helen stated as she squeezed her fingers, feeling awkward. 
Hannah shook her head, not quite believing it. She was more inclined to believe that Lyna had been genuine towards herself and that the woman had not been pretending. 
“Mr. Norton.” 
On the other hand, Fabian had finished performing the toast for every table. He had retreated to one of the private rooms at Glory Hotel. Standing in front of him was a middle-aged man dressed in a tunic. 
Fabian sat with his legs crossed as he lit himself a cigarette. He took a puff, raised his head, and released a circle of smoke into the air. Usually, he would not smoke, but now there was one between his fingertips, which meant that he was somewhat troubled. 
“How’s the investigation going? Did you find out who the culprit was?” Fabian’s tone was icy cold and unnerving but, then again, someone had dared to attack his woman on his turf. He had every right to be furious. 
“Mr. Norton, we caught an accomplice, but…” the middle-aged man did not continue, for fear of provoking Fabian. 
“But what?” Fabian uncrossed his legs, put out the cigarette butt in the ashtray, and asked flatly. 
“But… we’ve used every trick in the book. He just wouldn’t fess up. I think he really doesn’t know anything about the case,” the middle-aged man reported to Fabian while wiping the sweat off his forehead.
“Oh? Is that the only explanation you’ve got for me?” Fabian promptly rose from his seat and glared at the man, who got so frightened that he shuddered. 
The man was a prominent underworld figure in Baykeep, but he was still no match against Fabian. He might have dominated the mafia in the city he came from, but he was a local bully at most, while Fabian was a powerful contender. 
My wife has been targeted today, on my territory! Even I almost… Gah! Talk about bad luck! 
The man gulped. He tried to explain, “Mr. Norton, let’s not rush things. I’ll definitely get to the bottom of this. I’ve found some clues, you see, and I can confirm that the car accident was not the work of a single person.” 
Fabian nodded, motioning the middle-aged man to go on. 
“One gang drove the Volkswagen while another gang drove the pickup truck. The ones in the Volkswagen were clearly professional killers hired from the black market. We found a pistol hidden in the car, perhaps they had planned to…” Fabian understood before the man even finished the sentence. 
The man paused and continued, “We caught one of the fellows on the pickup truck. He was supposed to be the aid, but the driver set the gasoline on fire. 
“The man we caught is most likely a farmer from a remote village who doesn’t seem to have any idea what’s going on. Nevertheless, we have also delved into the black market for information. I believe there will be news soon. So, Mr. Norton, I hope you can give me some more time. I’ll definitely find out the truth for you.” 
“You’re off the case,” Fabian turned his head slightly and said to the middle-aged man.
“Mr. Norton! I…” The middle-aged man paled with fright when he heard that. If he’s taking me off the case, that means I’m… 
He did not dare to think what would happen. With trembling legs, he implored Fabian, “Mr. Norton, I beg of you, please give me another chance. Let me make it up to you, I…” 
“Alright! Shut it! You should be thankful there were no casualties this time, or else ten of your heads would not even be enough to compensate. In the future, keep your eyes open. Report to me in advance if you see anything suspicious. Now, get out!” Fabian said in disappointment, his eyes dimmed. 
Relieved to hear that, the man nodded and bowed to Fabian as a token of apology. “Thank you, Mr. Norton! Thank you very much!” The way he said that it was as if Fabian had saved his entire family. 
After the middle-aged man left, Fabian sank into his thoughts. The reason why he discontinued that man’s investigation was, firstly, because he had his own connections, which could be more efficient than that single man, and would gather more accurate information too. Secondly, Finnick’s name came to mind.
###Chapter 1256
Chapter 1256 
Finnick had called Fabian the day before his wedding to remind him of something. If it had not been for him, Fabian would not have recruited someone else to be his driver. In other words, Finnick technically saved their lives. 
Since Finnick had reminded Fabian to make certain changes, his saying so was definitely not unfounded. He must have received plenty of inside information. After pondering over it, Fabian got out his phone and dialed Finnick’s number. 
“Hello? Is that you, Fabian? What’s up? I heard the wedding vows that you had prepared for your wife at the wedding ceremony today. It was so surreal. I envy you. Please accept my hearty congratulations.” 
When Finnick realized the phone call was from Fabian, he took the call enthusiastically. 
Because of the incident with Vivian, Finnick had always felt guilty towards Fabian, so he had been helping out Fabian a lot behind the scenes. 
“Thanks.” Fabian took a deep breath and, after a short pause, went straight to the point, “I believe you’ve gotten wind of the news. I was involved in a car accident after picking up Hannah.” 
Once his phone rang and Finnick realized it was Fabian on the other line, he basically figured out why his nephew was calling him. And he was right. 
“Yes, I’ve heard about it.” 
“What I want to know is… who’s behind it?” Fabian asked.
Finnick was not one for banter. He quickly provided what he knew. “I can’t say for sure who’s behind it, but I’ve received news through my connections that someone was offering ten million on the black market to anyone who could hurt your wife. It’s highly likely that the culprit is from the Blackwood family or anyone who wants to marry into the Norton family.” 
After hearing that, Fabian nodded briefly and even joked in response, “Wow! I didn’t expect that my wife and I are only worth ten million on the black market. Okay, that’s all I want to ask. Sorry for the intrusion.” 
“Right. I think there’ll be more trouble ahead after what happened today. Stay alert, Fabian,” Finnick voiced his concern over the phone. 
After Fabian hung up the phone, he thought over carefully what Finnick had just told him. Who is it that wants to harm Hannah? The Blackwood family? Someone who wants to marry into the Norton family? 
Fabian considered the number of women he had associations with, and eventually shook his head. It had been fine to cast them in movies. It had been fine to sleep with them. But this? He had to draw the line. He would bet that they had not the guts to do so. 
Fabian felt hurt just thinking about it. Who could it be? Hannah is married to me now. She cares little for the Blackwood family fortune, so the Blackwood family doesn’t have a motive. Besides, it doesn’t seem right to get on my bad side for the inheritance, does it? Won’t that be too risky? They can’t be that foolish, can they? 
Suddenly, an image of another person appeared in his mind. Fabian gave it some thought, his eyes narrowed involuntarily as he put together the series of events that he had been through, only to become increasingly certain of his hunch. 
Thud, thud.
Someone was knocking on the door. 
Fabian shouted at his visitor, his eyebrows creased, “Come in.” 
“Mr. Norton, I’ve just received news from the black market. The identity of your attacker has been confirmed,” the visitor told Fabian. 
“Oh, is that so?” The corner of Fabian’s lips curled up. I wonder if it’s who I think it is. 
The visitor handed a document to Fabian, who gave it a quick look-through. 
“It’s you! The audacity! I have certainly underestimated you!” Fabian’s eyes grew cold when he saw the name on the document. He threw the papers heavily onto the floor and spoke to the visitor, “That’s all for now. You may go.” 
Fabian rose from his seat, ready to head back to his marital home. His darling wife was still waiting for him after all. He might be mad at what happened, but he had a wife to care for now, hadn’t he? 
Fabian swayed back and forth as he walked. He had drunk more than his fair share. Not that he was unable to hold his own liquor, but today was his big day after all. There were several hiccups along the way, but those would not affect his mood. 
“What? Another gang? Who are they? Have you checked?” 
In another part of the city, Lyna twisted her brows together. She, too, had started her own investigation. She wanted to know who else besides herself would dare to pull a stunt like that.
###Chapter 1257
Chapter 1257 
“Ms. Blackwood, I’ve also found the answers you seek. The other party is led by Yvette, a popular celebrity in film and entertainment,” the informant reported. 
“Yvette? That woman who’s rather close to Fabian?” Lyna snorted. “Who would have guessed that a foolish woman like her had the gall to do something like this. If I can find her, surely Fabian can do the same. Oh, a miserable fate awaits her. Hahaha!” 
Lyna had pegged Yvette as nothing but Fabian’s plaything. She held the greatest contempt for the star actress. Both of them might have practically committed the same crime but, to Lyna, she had done it for a much nobler cause. Once she had Hannah eliminated from the equation, then she would be the Norton family’s rightful daughter-in-law. As for Yvette? She was nothing more than one of Fabian’s filthy rags. 
“Alright, that’s all. You can go now,” Lyna gave the informant a wave, motioning him to leave. 
But that person had no intention of leaving. He just stood there in front of Lyna, and she was getting irritated. 
“What are you still standing there for? I told you to go. Do you understand me?” Lyna was already quite furious. Her own plans failed time and time again, and she had to watch Fabian and Hannah show their affection in public that day. 
Even a subordinate was going against her. Fed up, she lashed out at the informant, pouring out her dissatisfaction, and even went as far as to pick up a teacup on the table and smash it onto the floor. 
The man quickly turned sideways when he noticed Lyna’s fury. He hesitated whether he should bring up the issue on his mind. Eventually, he spoke, “Miss, about the payment…”
He did not go on. He just looked at Lyna as he waited for her answer. 
Lyna only got angrier at his request. You’ve done such a shabby job, and I don’t even know if Fabian would find out about me, yet here you are asking me about payment? Are you incredibly bold or incredibly foolish? 
Those were her thoughts, but she kept them to herself, because she knew she would need more help later. If she had revealed what had been on her mind, she would surely be blacklisted in the black market, and by then she would have nothing to gain. 
“What’s the rush? I’m the successor of the Blackwood Group, do you think I’ll withhold your money? You may leave now. I’ll transfer the money to your account in a few days,” Lyna muttered impatiently and showed the man out the door. 
At Fabian and Hannah’s marital home. 
“Fabian, come here.” As soon as Fabian opened the door to the house, he heard Hannah calling his name, albeit vaguely. She was obviously drunk, her speech reduced to incoherent slurs. 
Fabian resisted a giggle, and for a moment he thought Hannah should probably build up her tolerance to alcohol. But then he changed his mind. Hannah’s my wife now, why does she need to do that? I suppose this is fine too. 
With that in mind, Fabian strode towards the master bedroom. 
“Fabian, listen to me carefully. Right here is a bucket of chicken soup. I want you to drink it all! To the very last drop! Do it, otherwise…” 
Fabian had just arrived at the doorway when he heard Hannah’s demands. He grimaced. The door of the bedroom was left open. Fabian stepped in and surveyed the room.
In Hannah’s hand was a bottle of wine. She was holding it in front of Helen, with one hand on her hips. She slowly pronounced her next few words, “Otherwise… Ho! Ho!” 
Fabian froze, suddenly at a loss for words at the sight of Hannah’s comical posture and inarticulate ramblings. Silly woman. Emboldened by liquid courage, haven’t you? Looks like you should refrain from drinking alcohol in the future. 
Fabian strolled towards them and snatched the wine bottle away from Hannah’s hand. He said to her, “Alright, you’ve had too much to drink. You should take a rest.” 
Exactly as Fabian had predicted, Hannah was hammered. But would drunk Hannah behave similarly to normal Hannah? Yeah, right! Before drinking, she belonged to the Earth. After drinking, everything on Earth belonged to her. 
“I… I… I’m not drunk! Don’t touch me!” Hannah exclaimed when Fabian snatched the wine bottle away from her. She pointed a finger at Fabian, wobbling unsteadily.
###Chapter 1258
Chapter 1258 
“Fabian, um…” Helen found herself in an awkward position. This was the couple’s wedding night in their marital home, so what in the world was she doing there? 
“Fabian, it’s great that you’re back! If you’ll excuse me, I should probably get going. I’ll leave my sister to you!” Not waiting for Fabian’s reply, Helen took off. 
“Phew, thank god for my quick thinking.” Helen patted her chest and rejoiced once she exited the house. At first, she wanted to eavesdrop. She really did. She thought it would be fun to know what Hannah’s drunk personality would end up doing. 
But then it occurred to her that Hannah and Fabian might have plans for intimacy that night. That would never do, so she shook her head and left in a hurry. 
“Fabian, come on! It’s your turn to serve me! I want to change my clothes and get ready for bed!” Hannah shambled towards Fabian and placed a hand on his shoulder. She tilted her head at him and said in a commanding tone, like an emperor ordering his eunuch. 
Hannah felt as though her body was drifting. Everything seemed to be happening in a dream. She and her sister had been calling for Fabian to serve them, and somehow Fabian actually turned up. 
Thank you, God, for granting me such a wonderful dream. I promise I’ll pay you my due respect when I wake up. 
Hannah gently lifted Fabian’s chin with her dainty hand and turned his head both ways, while her other hand moved to pinch his cheeks again and again. 
“Wow, it’s almost like the real deal. Interesting, very interesting indeed!” Hannah pursed her lips, deep in thought, and then, in her drunken state, peered drowsily at Fabian.
Having had his cheeks fondled by Hannah like that, Fabian grimaced even more. 
What do you mean ‘like the real deal’? This is the real deal! 
Fabian grabbed Hannah by the wrist and shot her an angry look. He was about to go ballistic but stopped at the sight of her adorable, bashful face. He could not bring himself to do it. 
He let out a deep sigh. He softened his tone but not his words. “Do you know who’s standing in front of you?” 
“Tsk! Don’t try to scare me. You’re Fabian, aren’t you? The president of Phoenix Group,” Hannah said angrily as she mustered enough strength to fling his arm away. 
“But! You should know, you’re on my turf. I don’t care if you own ten thousand Phoenix Groups. That doesn’t work. In my dream, I’m the boss, and you have to listen to me!” Hannah boasted with her hands on her hips as she stared at Fabian with her head held high. To put it simply, she meant, what are you going to do about it? You don’t like it? Hit me then! I dare you! 
Fabian was sure Hannah had been way past drunk. She even thought she was dreaming. Silly woman, he thought, you think you’re in a dream, don’t you? But how dare you treat me like this in your dream? It sounds like you bear a deep grudge against me. I’ll forgive you this time since it’s our wedding day. Next time though, I won’t let you go so easily… 
Reluctantly, Fabian put aside the wine bottle, carried Hannah in his arms, and, in a whirl, tossed her onto their bed. 
“Argh, damn it! How dare you do this to me! I can make you disappear, do you hear me?” Hannah did not feel any pain at all, because the bed provided a soft landing, but that only reinforced her theory that everything was happening in her dream.
Ho! Fabian! You’re finally where I want you to be. I would be going against my own principles if I don’t seize this chance to torture you. You should know, you can be quite domineering. So if you ever force yourself on me, I’ll be sure to return the favor in my dreams! 
Hannah sat up abruptly when she noticed that Fabian’s eyes bore a hint of dissatisfaction. 
“Geez, man. How can you be so arrogant even in my dream? Oh, you’re really in for it!” Hannah mumbled to herself. 
Alluringly, she beckoned Fabian with a hooked finger, “You, take off my wedding dress. Sure, it’s nice and romantic when I wear it, but I’m getting hot under all these layers.” 
Fabian watched as a capricious Hannah bossed him around. It only served to fan the flames he had been trying to contain.
###Chapter 1259
Chapter 1259 
Alright, if you want it off, I’ll have it off. 
A sly smile appeared on Fabian’s face as he approached Hannah. 
Hannah nodded, satisfied. She was going to have so much fun, between drinking wine, bullying Fabian, and having her fantasies. 
Seeing how obedient Fabian was, Hannah turned her back towards him and motioned for him to unzip her dress. 
The sound that Hannah heard roused her suspicions. Was that ripping? She reached behind and felt around her back. Her dress was torn! 
Fabian had ripped Hannah’s wedding dress wide open. With a grin, he said, “Okay, you can take it off now!” 
“F*ck! You actually tore my wedding dress? Alright, I’ve got a bone to pick, mister.” Hannah rushed towards Fabian in a huff. 
But before reaching Fabian, Hannah stopped. 
Wait, this is a dream, right? It’s no big deal. So what if it’s torn? Everything will be back to normal when I wake up anyway. 
“Fine, I’ll let it slide. But if you misbehave, you’re done for!” Hannah had an imperious air about her, almost as if her forgiveness was doing him a big favor.
Without stopping to see Fabian’s reaction, she slipped out of her wedding dress. Hannah had been feeling uncomfortable and had wanted to remove her dress during the wedding. However, Fabian’s arrival had sent her mind into a flurry, and her momentary discomfort was forgotten. 
“Honestly, you’re incorrigible. You’re still so domineering and rude even in my dreams.” 
This silly girl is interesting. 
Fabian looked at Hannah, who seemed to assume that she was still dreaming. He then decided to see what other shenanigans she would engage in if left to her own devices. 
Hannah moved about the room clumsily, struggling to remove her wedding dress. She managed to wrestle the sleeves off before finally collapsing on the bed to shimmy out of her dress slowly. 
Fabian held his breath, as heat pooled in his lower belly. 
Just then, Hannah was laid out over the bed in her lingerie. His eyes raked over her smooth, white skin, tracing over the hills and valleys that made up her figure. She was also drunk, and the alcohol lent a light pink blush to her face. She looked as ethereal as a fairy who had just emerged from the woods. 
“You pervert. What are you staring at? Do you think you can force yourself on me? That’s not going to happen.” 
A perfunctory glance at Hannah showed her reclining on the bed. Her head was propped up by one arm as she lay there like a Greek goddess. His eyes shone as he let his gaze wander over her long, slender legs. If he was not that curious about what Hannah would do, Fabian would have likely thrown himself onto her by now. 
So, do I wait for you to finish, or do I put an end to this myself? Fabian smiled, his gaze was dark.
“Well, off to the kitchen with you and finish that bowl of chicken soup. I want that bowl empty!” Hannah drawled lazily and gestured at Fabian with a finger. 
Fabian was rendered speechless by this and remembered something that he had done to her involving chicken soup. He never thought she would bring this up now. 
“You were sick, and I wanted you to drink that so you could replenish your strength!” Fabian had decided to explain himself and placate her so that she would not mention it again. 
“I. KNOW!” yelled Hannah. She then pursed her lips and continued. “I still want you to have it.” 
Fabian wanted to retort but he was silenced by Hannah mimicking his usual tone. “Hmm?” 
He shook his head. This silly girl is as silly as she gets. Do you think that mocking someone else’s speech is polite behavior? 
Hannah could not care less. Rather, she seemed to be quite happy to mock Fabian since it brought her a smug sense of satisfaction. 
“Fine, I’ll drink it.” Fabian shrugged, turned on his heel, and left.
###Chapter 1260
Chapter 1260 
When Fabian made his way to the kitchen, he was surprised to see that there was in fact, chicken soup waiting for him on the table. 
Again, Fabian was stunned by this. He initially thought that Hannah was drunkenly spewing nonsense. So you actually did make chicken soup? Not bad, Hannah. Not bad at all. 
However, isn’t this a bit excessive? Fabian assumed that it was just a bowl of soup or even a flask of it. He was definitely not expecting a large vat full of soup. It was enough to last a person for days! 
Fabian stared at the vat when a sense of familiarity suddenly hit him. He peered closer to a good look when he realized exactly what she used. It wasn’t just any vat! This was the basin that he bought for her to soak her feet in! 
Hannah Young! 
“You cruel little sh*t. Did you actually cook this in the basin?” 
Fabian had no intention of drinking any of it. He picked up the basin, marched straight into the bathroom, and chucked the contents down the toilet. After flushing, he walked towards the bedroom, basin in hand. 
“I’ve finished it.” He lifted the basin so Hannah could take a closer look. 
Hannah eyed the now-empty basin and nodded satisfactorily. Hmph! Now you know how drinking goddamn chicken soup is like? Let’s see if you have the audacity to force that on me again. 
Hannah pondered over something quietly and paused before finally addressing Fabian again. “Here, I bought you something new to wear.”
She lifted the wedding dress she had just removed and pushed it into Fabian’s arms as she said this. Hannah couldn’t care less if he wanted the garment or not. 
Fabian could not help the sting that he felt in his heart. He thought that her gesture was perfunctory, if not careless. She should have at least given him something or used one of his garments to pretend. Using the dress that he had so painstakingly chosen for her was completely unnecessary. 
“Aren’t you a good boy?” Hannah did not seem to notice or care about Fabian’s unhappiness. She only patted his face lightly and spoke to him as if she were praising an obedient child. 
Just then, Hannah slid off the bed and rushed towards Fabian in a drunken stupor. Her lids were lowered, but she ran straight for him with her arms wide open and wrapped them around him. With a mighty shove, she spun Fabian around and pinned him underneath her. 
Fabian let out a shaky breath. The abruptness of Hannah’s behavior had caught him off guard. What on earth was she doing? 
Did you underestimate how potent the alcohol would be? Did you do it to make yourself brave? Fabian shuddered at the thought. How could this be? After all, she was the type to start blushing the moment she spoke too much. Could she really take the initiative this way? 
What Hannah said next pushed all doubts out of his mind. “Fabian, you’re always forcing me to be with you. Today, I’ll do the opposite and force you to be with me instead!” 
The admission did not make Fabian worry any less, however. 
Has she gone insane? Hannah, if this is the case, then you should drink more in the future. 
Hannah’s hand had snaked up his chest as if to calm his frantically beating heart.
Her lips fluttered by his earlobes teasingly, like she meant to give him a kiss. 
Fabian could feel the warmth of her breath tickling him as her lips swept across cheeks and neck. 
Fabian could no longer contain the lust he tried very hard to suppress. He felt agitated, like a volcano about to erupt. 
Fabian tightened his grip on her as his breathing began to quicken. 
“Huh?” Hannah stopped suddenly, muttering aloud. “Something’s not right. Why do I feel like something isn’t right?” 
“Why do I feel like I’m at the losing end despite taking the initiative? Why should I even force him?” She then realized that something was wrong with what she was about to do.
###Chapter 1261
Chapter 1261 
Just as she was about to sort things out, Hannah suddenly had an idea. Why didn’t she just wait until they’d already started foreplay? If she denied him what he wanted at the moment of climax, wouldn’t that be the harshest punishment? Isn’t this also doing me some justice? 
Hannah wondered, as her movements became more suggestive. 
Fabian had never seen Hannah take the initiative before, and his lust for her grew even more. 
You are so proactive, how can I just not cooperate then? Fabian mused and inclined his head to kiss Hannah on the lips. 
His kiss was initially gentle, exerting very little force. He parted her lips with his tongue and then sought hers out. 
Hannah also kissed him back, hard. 
Fabian was overjoyed to feel her reciprocate. Usually, his kisses would receive no response from her, but this was different. This time, she was actually kissing him back, and he could not help but deepen the kiss. 
Hannah’s hands were tightly clasped behind Fabian’s back as she felt her body tremble. Her intentions still lingered, but she could not fathom why she could not stop. 
Fabian’s moved abruptly as he prepared to go further with what they had started. 
Sensing that Fabian had stopped for a brief moment, Hannah suppressed the excitement she felt and pinned him with a glare. “Piss off, Fabian.”
Fabian was quite confused by Hannah’s sudden change in demeanor. Did she just ask me to piss off? 
Without dwelling on it, Fabian decided to go in for the kill. 
“Ah! I told you…to…piss off!” Hannah was suddenly more acutely aware of Fabian’s ministrations, from his movements to the temperature of his body, which took her breath away. 
Fabian ignored her protests and did not stop. 
Hannah, on the other hand, found it even harder to push him away. 
It was not long until the pair had reached the peak, and a sated bliss overcame them both. 
When Fabian finally stopped, Hannah was already dozing off. Her tiredness and intoxication were of no help to her, after all. She lay there cuddled against his chest and fell fast asleep. 
Fabian gently stroked Hannah’s hair, his eyes filled with affection. He tightened his grip on her at the same time, feeling a protective tightness in his chest. 
As he watched Hannah sleep in his arms, Fabian kept replaying the day’s events. All of this was his fault. If not for him, nobody would have marked Hannah as a target. 
His gaze darkened considerably as he made a vow. Anyone who would harm a single hair on his woman’s head would have hell to pay. 
“Hello? Who’s on the line?” 
Yvette had received a phone call from an unfamiliar number. She answered it without thinking. 
“Ms. Yvette? It doesn’t matter who I am. The important thing is that I know you are going to kill Hannah.”
On the other end of the line, Lyna’s eyes flashed with a full grin. She planned to seek out Yvette, collaborate with her, then finally put all the blame on her. 
“Huh? What bullsh*t are you on right now? If you’re going to be talking crap, I’m hanging up.” 
Yvette lashed out because she did feel some guilt, having not expected to be exposed so quickly. She sensed that Lyna was testing her too. 
“Whether or not it’s bullshit, you know better. However, I know that you sought out a car to hit Hannah’s bridal entourage en-route to the wedding. You and I both know that Fabian is perfectly capable of finding out the truth. I dare not think of what he’ll do to you then.” 
Lyna was saying this deliberately to get a rise out of Yvette. If she felt scared, then she was definitely more likely to team up with Lyna. 
“What are you trying to pull here?” 
The panic in Yvette’s voice was apparent. Lyna could sense it in the way her voice shook. 
“It’s not about what I want, but what you’re going to do. Tell you what, we’ll meet in the teahouse. I’ll let you know which booth to wait in.”
###Chapter 1262
Chapter 1262 
Lyna hung up immediately after she spoke, looking like the cat who ate the canary. Now that Yvette is panicked and likely frightened half to death, won’t she have to do exactly as I ask? 
She laughed and rubbed her hands gleefully. “Don’t think you can escape my clutches this time, Hannah. I have an extra layer to my plan this time, but you don’t. You’re not getting away.” 
Lyna’s expression turned even more vicious. Apart from plotting against Hannah, she had factored in how to deal with Fabian as well. Fabian may have been powerful, but he could not prevent everything. Lyna knew exactly what needed to be done. 
“Oh Fabian, there’s nobody to blame but yourself for this. It’s your fault that you’re not thorough enough. It’s your fault for wanting to marry that b*tch, Hannah. Rest in peace in the afterlife, then.” 
Lyna looked out the window with a sly smile, narrowed her eyes, and then made her way downstairs. 
“Mr. Jackson, don’t you have to give something to Ms. Young?” 
Xavier’s assistant asked him tentatively as he slowly drove the man away. 
“Heh, do you think this is still necessary?” 
Xavier had always regarded his assistant as his closest confidante. He trusted the man and did not hide anything from him. 
“Well…” 
The assistant trailed off, embarrassed. Of course, Xavier was right. It was unnecessary, given how Hannah and Fabian were already so close to each other. Xavier couldn’t possibly barge in and be a
third wheel. 
“What’s done is done.” 
Xavier shook his head bitterly in the back seat, slowly lowered the window, then lifted the present beside him and threw it out the window. 
“I guess it’s no surprise that someone like her was snatched up by Fabian.” 
Xavier sighed. He was very unwilling to give up, but he knew that he did not stand a chance. Hannah was out of bounds. 
“And you are?” 
Following Lyna’s instructions, Yvette entered the private room for their meeting. She sized up Lyna curiously, seemingly enchanted by the other woman’s appearance. 
“I am Lyna, the successor to the Blackwood Group.” 
Lyna leaned back and casually introduced herself to Yvette. 
Having said that she was the successor to the Blackwood Group, Lyna then had to be confident enough in her capabilities. She knew that the position would be hers soon enough, anyway. It was also to ensure that Yvette would be emboldened by someone powerful backing her. 
“The Blackwood Group?” 
Yvette looked at Lyna doubtfully. Being an entertainer, she was naturally unfamiliar with the companies in the business circles. Apart from the people whose interactions had intersected with her line of work, she was only familiar with the five bigshots in the country.
“Please, have a seat. No need to be so hostile. I’ll have you know that I’m here to help you.” 
Lyna smiled and made a friendly gesture, motioning for Yvette to sit down and chat. 
“Why help me? Tell me what you’re after.” 
Yvette was in the entertainment industry long enough to understand that help did not come for . She refused to believe that Lyna would be so eager to help her, given how they barely knew each other at all. 
Lyna tried to break the silence with some awkward laughter. Instead, she busied herself with the freshly brewed tea and poured Yvette a cup. “You’re so refreshingly direct, Ms. Tanner. I’ll go straight to the point then.” 
She then straightened her back and looked directly at Yvette. “I’m not going to lie. Hannah and I are half-sisters. Just a few days ago, my brother needed a bone marrow transplant because he has leukemia. My father reached out to her, and she has since returned to the family.” 
Suddenly, Lyna turned resentful. Her tone of voice had changed, as she sounded very angry. 
“Unexpectedly, since her return, she has done nothing but speaks ill of me in front of my father. She is also competing with me for the assets that my father was going to will to me.” 
“And on top of that, she has married Fabian Norton. Hannah has been using him to threaten my father, claiming that she will use Fabian to wreak havoc on the company if he didn’t give her any of the shares. I was furious, of course, but there was nothing I could do but watch her take away what belongs to me.”
###Chapter 1263
Chapter 1263 
Upon hearing that, Yvette couldn’t help but feel sorry for Lyna. Looking at Lyna who was so deeply aggrieved that teardrops could even be seen dangling at the corner of her eyes, she nodded lightly as she thought about the car crash plotted by her. It looks like I’ve done something right. A cheap tart like her deserves to die. Even if it doesn’t work this time, there’ll be other chances. 
“I didn’t expect that she’s such a despicable woman. But it’s not surprising though. How could she have snatch Fabian away from me if she wasn’t unscrupulous?” 
Yvette continued to run on how it would have been the wedding of Fabian and her if it wasn’t because of Hannah. If I had married Fabian, I wouldn’t need to earn a living by acting anymore. The wealth owned by the Norton family was more than enough even for a few generations to spend. 
“I wanted to seek revenge on her, but I didn’t dare to because of Fabian, and I could only bear with it. Then, when I heard what you did this time, I couldn’t help getting excited. Meanwhile, I told myself that I can’t go on being a coward anymore. I had to retaliate against her and I need to fight back to get back what was once mine.” 
Seeing Yvette’s palpable aggression toward Hannah, Lyna smiled within herself. It seems like she has taken the bait. Immediately, like a woman forced to a dead end, she started in a piteous tone, “That’s exactly the reason that I’ve come to you—to discuss and work out a perfect plan to deal with her.” 
Lyna had finally pointed out the main subject of their discussion as she turned to Yvette. 
Listening to Lyna’s words, along with her first-class acting skills, Yvette took everything she said as the whole truth and treated her as her own comrade right away. 
“Do you have any good idea?”
Yvette was no longer suspicious about Lyna at that moment. But little did she know that Lyna was only treating her as her cat’s paw. 
“Well, let’s do it this way…” 
Then, Lyna approached Yvette and both of them started talking about their plan in whispers. 
In the meantime, Hannah was lying on a huge rosewood bed. Moving her fingers, she could feel the numbness on them, and then, she opened her dopey eyes. 
As soon as she did that, she saw Fabian sleeping next to her and he was even hugging her tightly. 
What in the world! How did I… What is happening? 
Hannah tried to recall what had happened before that. 
I was drunk, and I dreamt about Fabian. And then… And then, I forced him, and… 
Argh! 
Suddenly, Hannah remembered that Fabian and she were even doing ‘the wild thing’ in her dream. 
Thinking of that, Hannah hurriedly lifted the blanket on her side. 
I… 
Upon that, Hannah saw her own porcelain skin and couldn’t stop breaking into a cold sweat. 
Does that mean that it wasn’t a dream but the reality? How can this be? 
Hannah’s eyes widened in shock and she turned to the other side in disbelief. 
That… Is that the wedding gown being ripped?
Hannah’s mind went utterly blank. The torn wedding gown was the sole evidence that those images running in her mind were not dreams after all, but hard truth. 
I… 
How did that happen? Does that mean that… I’ve forced myself on Fabian? 
Bah! Forced?! It was me who was throwing myself at him! And in the end, wasn’t it still Fabian who gained an advantage? 
I was such an idiot! How could I think that it was only a dream? 
Hannah’s face was flushed red at that instant and she almost cried as she thought about how dumb she was. 
She then turned to look at Fabian. 
Good. He’s still sleeping. 
She lifted the blanket and got down from the bed quietly. Not bothered to even wear the slippers, she ran out on tiptoe. 
“Phew! What did I do? I was such an idiot! Drinking is a bad thing to do. I shouldn’t drink anymore in the future.” 
Getting out of the bedroom, Hannah let out a breath of relief and knocked lightly on her woozy head, blaming herself. 
Then, she paced toward the bathroom directly and took a shower. Only after that did she come out of the bathroom, wrapped in a towel.
“Oh! Y-you’re awake?” 
Just as Hannah walked out of the bathroom, she saw Fabian sitting on the sofa in the living room. That gave her a severe jolt. 
And with that jerk, the towel fell off from her body to the ground.
###Chapter 1264
Chapter 1264 
Fabian turned his head around when he heard her, and then he saw Hannah standing naked in front of him. A gleam flashed across Fabian’s eyes, and he started placidly, “Um, are you trying to seduce me?” 
“What?” 
Hannah couldn’t seem to understand what he was saying but she noticed Fabian was staring straight at her, making her feel uneasy. 
What’s there to see? Isn’t it just a pink towel? If you like it so much, I can buy one for you tomorrow. 
Well, I better make a run now as I’m only covered with this towel. If this guy gets all aroused again, it’ll be unthinkable. 
Just when Hannah raised her foot, prepared to escape from the scene… 
Wait a minute… 
Hannah felt something soft under her foot, so she looked down unwittingly. There on the ground was her pink towel. 
Hannah took a look at her own body. There was nothing left on it. 
“Ahh! Pervert! What are you looking at!” 
Hannah grabbed the towel hurriedly and wrapped herself up again very swiftly. 
“It wasn’t me who took it off. Besides, I thought it was you taking your towel off on purpose to seduce me.”
Hearing that, Fabian curled his lips into a devious smile and teased Hannah. 
“I seduce you? Oh please, it’s you taking advantage of me.” 
In response to Fabian’s shameless reply, Hannah stared at him and countered. 
“Wasn’t that what you did? Tell me then. Who was the one taking off her clothes and kissing me so eagerly? That was such an enticing moment!” 
“You—I…” 
Hannah’s face glowed in red at that remark and she ran off in a tick. 
“This silly woman. We’ve had a wedding already. Why is she still behaving like that?” 
Looking at Hannah’s figure as she left, Fabian shook his head, stood up, and headed toward the washroom. 
“Anyhow, I like that,” Fabian murmured to himself as he walked. 
Returning to her room and locking the door, Hannah panted as she leaned against the door. 
Argh! How embarrassing was that! Why am I such an idiot! 
Hannah couldn’t stop beating herself up for her own lack of intelligence, but she was also rather helpless as it was inborn, and she couldn’t help it either. 
However, very soon, she realized a serious issue. I don’t have any clothes here! 
It was their marital home that had been specifically prepared by Fabian for Hannah. It was Hannah’s first time being there, so naturally, she didn’t bring any of her clothes over.
When she opened the wardrobe, she was instantly baffled. It’s empty! 
She thought Fabian must have done it on purpose. 
What should I do now? I don’t have anything to wear.The wedding gown? Who am I kidding? It has been ripped apart by Fabian. 
Just as she was at a loss for ideas, her phone chimed and she took a gander. It was Helen. 
Ah, it’s still my own sister whom I can actually rely on. I can ask her to bring me a set of clothing. 
“Hello? Helen?” Hannah picked up the call and uttered excitedly. 
Over the phone, however, Helen sounded a little awkward. “Hello, Hannah, umm… are you busy right now?” 
Helen was thinking to herself that Hannah and Fabian might be getting busy around that time. 
“Eh? I’m not busy. Why?” 
In fact, Hannah was trying to imply something else. I’m not busy. Come find me and bring me some clothes now. 
“Ah, I see. It’s good then. Jason just called and told me that he had found out who was trying to get you killed and asked me not to relay it to you. He said he would tell you himself after avenging you.” 
“What? Who is that? Forget it. You know what? Why don’t you come find me directly and we’ll talk about it then? Let me give Jason a call first. I can’t let him mess around.” 
Hannah was astounded by that news. Jason actually found out the person who tried to kill me and wants to avenge me. What has gotten into him? With his temper, it’s really unimaginable what sort of
trouble he’ll be stirring up. 
“Oh, yeah, bring me a set of clothing when you come. It’s a new house and I didn’t prepare any,” Hannah told her sister. 
In the meantime, she remembered all at once that her undergarments had also been torn by Fabian, so she started rather bashfully again, “Umm… Help me buy some undergarments, too. I spilled some alcohol on mine accidentally.”
###Chapter 1265
Chapter 1265 
With that, Hannah quickly hung up the call as she was afraid that Helen would ask her about it. 
“Undergarments?” 
Helen was clearly perplexed. How would one spill her drinks on the undergarments? Did she drink without her clothes on? 
Then, a wicked smile crept up on Helen’s face. She uttered to herself, “Oh, I guess I know why now.” 
“Hello, something’s up. I’ll see you at the usual place!” Jason was talking on the phone. 
That was not the first call he made. He was in the midst of gathering all his buddies to devise a plan to avenge Hannah. As with the “usual place” he mentioned, it was the most exclusive nightclub in the city —Paradise. 
Not long after that, the private room where Jason was in was filled with people, both males, and females, who were around the age of Jason. All of them were dressed in an exceptionally lavish style which showed their manifest identity as the heirs and heiresses of affluent families. 
“Someone bullied my sister. What do you think I should do about it?” 
Jason lay back on the sofa and asked them in a straightforward manner. 
“Bullied your sister? Fck that btch!” Said one of the short-tempered youngsters. 
“Fck, all you know is fck. But what happens after that? I say we use our brains and deal with her step by step, leaving her with no chance to rise ever again,” uttered another young man who seemed mild- mannered and gentle.
“No, wait a minute. When did you have a sister?” Asked a woman who dressed in very manly attire. 
As soon as the question was asked, the entire private room went silent and all of those who were present had their eyes fixated on Jason. Evidently, all of them were inquisitive about it. 
Seeing as such, Jason uncrossed his legs, and after a momentary pause, he explained, “Actually, she’s kind of like a sister-in-law to me as she’s married to Fabian. All of you must have known that it was Fabian’s wedding day today, but someone had plotted a car crash and it happened right in front of my eyes!” 
Jason described what had happened very truthfully. These people in the room sitting together with him had been his friends since middle school and high school. Hence, he could rely on them. 
“You’re talking about Fabian’s wife?” 
“It can’t be. How could anyone dare to touch his woman?” 
“Why are we still discussing here? Let’s find a car and cripple that jerk first.” 
… 
Listening to the jabber ringing across the room as everyone tried to voice their opinions, Jason waved his hand to subdue them and said, “Alright, let’s pipe down. I’ve already thought about it. I can’t let this person off the hook so easily. Listen to my instructions…” 
As they heard Jason speaking again, everyone fell silent and came closer to him. 
As Jason was busy making arrangements, he received a call from Hannah. “Hello, Hannah?” 
“Jason, where are you? Come over to my house now. Fabian is looking for you.”
“What? Fabian is looking for me?” Gazing around his buddies in the room, he answered shortly after, “Wait for me. I’ll be there soon.” 
“Alright, you guys proceed with our plan. There’s something going on and I got to go now,” Jason told his friends as he hung up the phone. 
Then, he left for the marital home of Fabian and Hannah. 
In the car, Jason was contemplating something. He received news that it was Yvette who instructed someone else to induce the accident, but in his mind, he was still very suspicious of Lyna. What really happened? Can it really be that this matter has nothing to do with Lyna and that I’ve actually misunderstood her? 
But it can’t be. Jason didn’t think that the matter was as simple as it seemed. He kept replaying the scenes when the accident happened in his mind. 
He was in the car in front of Fabian’s car, and when he realized what had happened, Fabian’s car had already skewed toward one side. 
There were two cars at the scene and if both cars shot at Fabian’s car at the same time, Fabian wouldn’t have escaped. One of the cars must have been slower. 
Wait a minute. There could have been two different groups of people behind those two cars. Ah, one group was instructed by Yvette, and another by Lyna. 
That’s right! It becomes much more reasonable now if that’s the case. 
Jason nodded his head lightly in the car and thought he could analyze it together with Fabian when he reached there. Sure enough, the amount of information he got could never come close to that of what
Fabian received. Maybe Fabian has already found out about the two groups of people behind the car crash. 
Very soon, Jason reached Fabian’s place. As soon as he got off the car, he saw a cab stopping in front of him, and Helen came out of the cab soon after.
###Chapter 1266
Chapter 1266 
“Why are you here?” 
As soon as Helen pushed the car door open, she saw Jason who was about to go in, so she asked in surprise. 
“Why can’t I come, huh? So you’re allowed to come to visit your sister and I’m not allowed to visit Fabian? Also, it’s Hannah who called me over this time!” Rather displeased, Jason replied. 
“Well, of course you’re allowed to. Let’s go in.” 
With that, Helen strode forward to the villa and couldn’t help taking larger and quicker steps. 
She had a guilty conscience as she knew exactly why Hannah called him over. It must have been because Hannah was afraid that he would stir up troubles. 
“Tsk. Why is she in such a hurry?” 
Looking at Helen walking at such a hurried pace, Jason couldn’t help twitching his lips. 
Helen knocked on the door, and it was Fabian who opened the door for her. Hannah must be embarrassed to leave the room because she has no clothes to wear. Thinking of that, Helen laughed softly and asked Fabian, “Fabian, where’s Hannah?” 
“Oh, Hannah’s in the bedroom.” 
Fabian pointed at the room which Hannah was in as he answered and was about to close the door. 
“Fabian, hold on. There’s still me.”
Jason called out quickly, but he couldn’t refrain from complaining within his mind. Hey, why does he only see her? Hello? I’m right behind her. 
“Why are you here, too?” 
Fabian wasn’t very surprised to see Helen, and when he saw the bag Helen was carrying, he knew Helen had come to bring Hannah some clothes for change. But what is Jason here for? 
“I… I was called upon by Hannah.” 
Jason was a little irritated. Why? Can’t I just come for a visit? Must there be some issues going on then only I’m allowed here? What an ingrate of a man. He forgot about me as soon as he got himself a wife. 
“Hannah asked you to come, huh? Well, come on in then.” 
Fabian was a little curious as to why Hannah had asked Jason to come. 
When Helen got to Hannah’s room, she noticed that it was locked, so she called out softly, “Hannah?” 
Upon hearing that, Hannah got off the bed, wrapping herself in the towel, and opened the door. 
“Hannah, why do you have to lock the door?” Helen couldn’t help but ask. 
“Err, I… I’m used to living by myself. It’s a habit. It’s just a habit,” Hannah explained in embarrassment. At the same time, she took the bag from Helen and led her to the bedside. 
“I see. Alright then.” Helen didn’t say anything else. 
“You said that Jason had found the person who tried to kill me. Are you sure? Who’s that?” 
Hannah took out the undergarment Helen had prepared for her, pulled the towel off, and started putting it on.
They had been sharing a bedroom since young, so naturally, Hannah had no qualms changing in front of her sister. 
“Oh, it was Jason who received the information, but judging from his tone, it should be accurate. Anyway, I’m not too sure, but I do know who it was. It’s the celebrity who always stars in period dramas — Yvette!” Helen told Hannah. 
“What? It’s her!” 
At that moment, Hannah had already put on the undergarment and was taking other clothes out of the bag, but as she heard that, her hand paused mid-air for a while. 
However, she came round it very soon and continued to dress herself up. She wasn’t very surprised by the fact that Yvette was trying to harm her. That woman and her assistant have been making all sorts of bitter remarks in front of me every time they see me, and they’ve always sounded crude and harsh. Besides, she was so complacent when she was together with Fabian and acted as though she was his wife. 
“Hannah, I really don’t understand what that woman has to do with you. She’s an actor. What was she coming against you for? Why didn’t she just get herself together and play her role in the drama?” 
Helen knew nothing about the matter so it was understandable that she would feel strange about it. 
“It’s all because of Fabian!” Hannah couldn’t help but grumble. 
She could still remember carrying the camera under the scorching sun and watched the two of them being so intimate with one another. 
“Fabian? What do you mean?”
Helen was more confused. What does this have to do with Fabian? 
“Oh, nothing. It’s nothing.” 
Hannah quickly glossed over it, and it was only then did she realized she let it slip. She didn’t want Helen to have a bad impression of Fabian.
###Chapter 1267
Chapter 1267 
“Was it because Fabian was actually the rumored boyfriend of Yvette, and so she plotted the car crash out of jealousy?” In a flash, Helen got her head around it and asked Hannah. 
“Err, no. Don’t simply guess.” Hannah denied it very quickly. 
But then, she realized that a simple search on the internet would reveal everything to Helen. I’ll be screwed if she finds out about it. 
“Well, what actually happened was that Yvette has close ties with one of Fabian’s clients, and that client asked Fabian to help boost the popularity and fame of Yvette. It’s nothing like what you said.” An idea occurred to Hannah all of a sudden, so she explained it to Helen. 
Oh God, please forgive me. It’s a white lie, and I don’t mean to deceive her. Please don’t punish me. 
“Then why was Yvette plotting against you? She even went to the extent of killing you,” Helen asked again. 
“Erm, Fabian had no problem with that, but Yvette was so into it she couldn’t help falling for Fabian.” Hannah tried to exculpate Fabian again. 
Sigh. Fabian, I’ve told so many lies because of you. I hope, for my sake, you’ll cut down on making the headlines. Otherwise, I’ll run out of ideas to absolve you of it. 
Thinking of how frequently Fabian appeared on the headlines, Hannah couldn’t help feeling frustrated. How am I supposed to explain to my family if they ask about it? 
Hannah let out a sigh at that. Well, we’ll see when the time comes.
“Ah, so that’s what happened. I can’t believe Yvette is this sort of person. I’ll stop watching her dramas from now on. Also, why did you summon Jason over? You should have let Jason teach her a lesson.” 
Helen was exceedingly irritated and wanted to knock the daylights out of Yvette so badly to get back at her for Hannah. 
To Helen, no one is allowed to hurt Hannah, not even Fabian. 
On the previous day, Helen said to Hannah in private, “After you’re married to Fabian, if he bullies you, please don’t tell me at once unless it’s something serious.” 
In response, Hannah jokingly asked, “Why? Didn’t you say that you’ll side me and help me get back at him? You’re getting cold feet when it really happens, huh?” 
However, Helen answered in a solemn manner, “It’s not that I’m afraid. It’s just that it’s common for young couples to have conflicts and quarrels, but you’ll reconcile eventually and everything will be alright. Nevertheless, the same might not apply to me. You’ll be fine after your fight, but I’ll still hold grudges against him.” 
That almost brought tears to Hannah’s eyes. She was very touched listening to Helen. 
“Why did Hannah ask you to come?” Fabian lay back on the sofa and asked Jason. 
“I don’t know either. I was occupied with something important and I got a call from Hannah. I’m also wondering now,” Shaking his head, Jason answered. 
“What important business can you have?” Fabian asked placidly and pondered about it. 
Why did Hannah ask him to come here?
“Why can’t I have anything important? Look at the way you said that. I’m…” Jason countered him unhappily. 
However, just as he was about to reveal his arrangement, he was afraid that Fabian would worry about him and stop him from executing his plan so he snapped his mouth shut abruptly. Immediately after that, he changed the subject and asked, “Fabian, have you found out who tried to harm Hannah?” 
“Yeah. I’ve got some information now,” Fabian nodded as he answered. 
“Is it Yvette?” Jason was desperate to know the answer. 
It was in that instant that Fabian realized all at once why Hannah had called Jason over. Looking at Jason, Fabian couldn’t help but smile. This guy actually investigated this matter. He’s indeed thoughtful. 
“Fabian, answer me. Is it her?” Seeing that Fabian did not answer him, Jason pressed on. 
“Yes!” Fabian replied in the affirmative. 
“Oh, right, you were saying that Jason is here?” 
After changing into the clothes that Helen brought her, Hannah suddenly remembered that Helen had mentioned Jason’s arrival. 
“Yes. Jason reached at the same time as me. He’s outside now,” Helen replied. 
“Alright. Let’s go out now. We should discuss this matter as well. You better don’t talk nonsense when we get out later. We should focus on persuading Jason to not cause trouble,” Hannah told Helen.
###Chapter 1268
Chapter 1268 
Rolling her eyes, Helen had other plans in her mind. Since Yvette had crossed the line and tried to kill her sister, Helen had no problem at all with whatever Jason wanted to do to her. 
I’ll fully support Jason when the time comes. How dare Yvette go against my sister! 
After that, Helen left the room with Hannah. 
“Jason, here you are.” As soon as Hannah came out of the room, she called out to Jason. 
“Yes, Hannah. What’s the matter? Why did you ask me to come?” In response, Jason asked Hannah. 
Helen was a little awkward at that moment. If she knew that Yvette was so execrable, she wouldn’t have told Hannah about it. She thought it was a sticky situation, so at that moment, when she saw Jason, she had a guilty conscience. 
Thinking of that, Helen sat right next to Fabian and smiled at him as she called out to him, “Fabian.” 
There was another half of the sentence which she didn’t articulate. If anything happens later, please help me. 
Fabian nodded as he understood instantly when he saw Helen looking at him with her pleading eyes. 
“I heard that… You’ve found out the culprit behind the car crash?” 
Hannah sat beside Jason and asked. 
Jason didn’t answer. Instead, he eyed Helen with a disdainful and exasperated expression. I trusted you with my plan and told you not to tell Hannah about it. And what a traitor you are. You just turned your back on me and sold me out.
Looking at the piercing glint in Jason’s eyes and the expression on his face which suggested that he would eat her alive, Helen couldn’t help but draw herself closer to Fabian. 
“Jason, have you found out about it?” Fabian also questioned him. 
“I… I did.” 
All of a sudden, Jason felt like someone had rained on his parade. Great. All my efforts will be going to waste again. Just look at how Hannah reacted. She even called me over purposely just for this. I’m sure she’s going to stop me from doing things. 
Jason prayed internally that his best friends would speed up and get their plan executed before Hannah started being frank about that matter and held him back. 
“Oh? Who was it?” Hannah feigned surprise as she asked Jason. 
“Who? Didn’t she already tell you everything?” Jason glared at Helen and asked displeasedly. 
“Ah, you mean Yvette? Are you sure about this?” 
Hannah coughed dryly in embarrassment. She then proceeded with asking the question in a solemn manner. There must be no mistake made in this matter. If we do anything wrong, it will cause huge trouble. 
“I’m sure it’s her,” Jason sounded very certain. At the same time, he cast his eyes at Fabian. 
Seeing that Hannah also turned to look at him with a questioning gaze, Fabian nodded and said, “It’s her indeed.” 
So Fabian has also found out about this, but he kept it from me. He must be planning to deal with Yvette secretly on his own.
Hannah paused for a brief moment and looked at the two men as she continued, “I think we should hand it over to the police directly and let them handle it.” 
Seeing as such, Jason was the first to stand up and to it. “No way. I disagree. If we let the police deal with it, the punishment would be lenient. Besides, the person involved is dead. With Yvette’s net worth, she would definitely be able to conceal the matter with money.” 
“I disagree, too. Jason is right. That would be too light a punishment for Yvette.” At that moment, Helen also voiced out against it and stated her stance. 
Listening to that, Jason took a gander at her. I can’t believe this little girl is having the same stance as me. 
However, Hannah was a little disgruntled, and the way she looked at Helen was with a trace of reproach. Didn’t I just tell you to help me persuade Jason? You’re really something. Not only did you not help, but you’re even messing around together with him. 
“Well, same here.” Even Fabian agreed with Jason and Helen in that instance. 
Seeing that even Fabian supported them, Jason and Helen couldn’t help getting excited. With Fabian’s support, we’re halfway there. 
“Hannah, since she has done that and tried to kill you, why are you still speaking up for her?” Helen took the initiative to persuade her sister. 
“That’s right, Hannah. I know that you’re kind, but acting this way isn’t really kind to yourself. You’re basically telling others that we’re some punching bag. There’ll only be more people putting the screws on you in the future. If we allow this sort of thing to happen a few more times, we’ll be doomed someday,” Jason took the chance to express his opinion.
###Chapter 1269
Chapter 1269 
“I-I really don’t want that. I think that’s too hard on Yvette,” Hannah countered. 
“Well, she should have realized what she was signing up for from the moment she tried to bully my woman,” Fabian answered placidly as he toyed with his own fingers. 
“That’s right. She deserves it. I don’t think it’s harsh at all,” Helen added after Fabian. 
“Helen, stop it! Even though she was way over the line, is there any difference between us and her if we deal with her in the same way? Remember what happened with Regina last time? Now, in the company, other than a few colleagues who are close with me, everyone else is afraid of me! Plus, that incident is a burden that is weighing down on me until this day! I’m still having the same nightmare every now and then!” Hannah exclaimed in an agitated tone. 
In fact, she was rather soft-hearted at that time, but she knew all too well that Yvette would experience something worse than death if she let Fabian handle it. It had already happened once before, and she didn’t want it to happen again. That was something she didn’t want to see. 
Right then, listening to what Hannah said, the other three persons fell silent. None of them knew what to say. 
Fabian recalled the times when Hannah was having a nightmare. Her face paled in fear, and cold sweat trickled down her forehead. His heart ached every time he saw her in such agony. And for this reason, he even made some donations in particular. It took some time for Hannah to finally ease up. 
“I’ve always listened to you in the past. Will you listen to me this time?” 
Hannah knew very well that once she succeeded in persuading Fabian, Jason would naturally terminate his plan.
After moments of deliberation, Fabian started, “Alright. I give you my word.” 
Hannah let out a breath of relief upon hearing that, and just as she was about to say something, Fabian cut her off. “But you have to promise me one thing, otherwise, we can forget about this.” 
“Sure. What is it?” 
“If anything like this ever happens again in the future, you have to listen to me.” 
“Okay, I promise you,” Hannah agreed swiftly. 
Fabian is convinced at last. 
“Fabian!” Jason called out to Fabian. Apparently, he was still rather reluctant to accept that. 
“Alright, enough said. You have to take Hannah’s perspective into consideration as well.” Fabian’s tone turned solemn as he spoke to Jason. 
“I… Sigh!” 
Jason heaved a sigh and slammed his fist hard. He then took out his phone and called his buddy. “Hello, you don’t have to carry on with our plan anymore. Go have some fun!” 
Everyone at the scene understood the implication of Jason’s words. Feeling a little guilty, Hannah said to him, “Jason, just treat it as a favor you’ve done me by calling it off. Thank you for that.” 
Helen was also a little bothered at that instant. She was all about avenging her sister but she failed to take care of Hannah’s inner feelings. Hence, she said to Hannah, “Hannah, I’m sorry for being impulsive just now.” 
“It’s alright. It’s okay now. Let’s not talk about it anymore. It’s time to eat now. Why don’t we go for a meal together?” Fabian tried to ease the atmosphere and helped Helen out as well.
“How’s it? Do you understand what I said?” In the private room of a tea house, Lyna asked Yvette. 
“Yes, I understood now. But who’s the right fit for that thing you mentioned?” Yvette nodded, but then quickly shook her head again and asked. 
What? That’s such a simple thing, and yet you have to ask me about it? 
“Just simply find someone attractive. When the time comes, tell her that she’ll become the leading actress as long as she’s willing to do it,” Lyna was a little impatient as she answered. 
“Alright, I got it. Thank you.” 
Yvette was sincere when she expressed her gratitude toward Lyna. If it wasn’t for her, she would never be fully prepared. 
“We’ll be in the same boat from now on, so you don’t have to say that.” 
Lyna was also very satisfied with Yvette. What she did was under the considerations that Yvette would continue to serve her. Otherwise, if Yvette was arrested, she wouldn’t be able to cooperate with her anymore. 
“Oh, right, you better take action tonight. I have a feeling that Fabian would act soon, perhaps tomorrow,” Lyna reminded her.
###Chapter 1270
Chapter 1270 
“Sure. If there’s nothing else, I shall leave first to get the things done.” 
As Yvette thought about it, she was a little frightened. That was because without proper preparations, with Fabian’s power, she might have to suffer, or worse… 
“Okay, get going.” 
After Yvette left the private room, Lyna couldn’t help but start to laugh. “What a foolish woman. She’s actually pleased when in fact, she has been taken advantage of by me. That’s not the Yvette I heard about. She must have been awfully terrified by Fabian.” 
Lyna was fully prepared. She had been very meticulous all along and up till then, Fabian had no clue that she was related to all those matters. Now that there was an additional line of defense for her, she could set off to do other things with peace of mind. 
“Fabian, you’re indeed a formidable opponent. There really aren’t many people who dare to challenge you in Chanaea. But since you’ve treated me in such a way, it doesn’t matter even if I have to risk my life to contend you.” Lyna grimaced all of a sudden. 
She hated Fabian to the core. If it wasn’t for him, there wouldn’t be anyone fighting over the inheritance with her then, and she, too, wouldn’t have to listen to her father mentioning ‘Hannah’ every now and then. 
“Hannah, let’s see if you would be able to escape again without Fabian to protect you this time.” 
With that, Lyna threw the bracelet she was fiddling with forcefully to the ground. She then stood up and paced outside.
After their meal, for the very first time, Fabian decided to take Hannah and the others to the nightclub. His reason was to introduce Hannah to his social circle. 
Upon hearing that, Hannah was a little embarrassed, but at the same time, she was also excited. She felt very conflicted within herself as she wanted to know more about Fabian and integrate into his life, but she was also a little bashful. 
On the contrary, Helen was audacious and lively. As soon as she heard that Fabian was going to bring them to the nightclub, she was thrilled. Whoa, I’ve never been to such a place before. 
“Fabian, since we’re going to the nightclub, let’s go to Bluebird. I heard there’s an auction there tonight. I was prepared to join in the fun as well,” Jason suggested. 
“Sure, why not?” Fabian nodded. 
Listening to what Jason said, Fabian was reminded that ever since he got married to Hannah, he had yet to gift her anything. Hence, he might as well take the opportunity at the auction to bid for something meaningful to present to her. 
Then, Fabian made a call to his best friend and asked him to contact some people from his circle. 
Fabian asked Jason to depart with Helen first while he and Hannah went home to change. 
Earlier that day, Helen had brought her own clothes for Hannah. She was clad in a casual t-shirt, ripped jeans, and a pair of black canvas sneakers. How could Fabian let her dress in such a way to see his friends? 
“Err… Well, are all your friends some business moguls?” Hannah asked hesitantly. 
She didn’t lack self-confidence, but instead, it was because Fabian had a very special place in her heart, and she was afraid of making him embarrassed.
“Not every one of them,” Fabian replied in a placid tone. 
Phew! It’s better still that there are one or two ordinary people among them. Otherwise, I would really have nothing to talk to them about. 
“Some are from the hospital or government sectors,” added Fabian. 
Hannah coughed abruptly upon hearing that. 
Hannah was abashed for a moment. She thought that there might be some of them who were just ordinary white-collar workers like herself. Hence, she couldn’t help feeling awkward as she heard Fabian’s reply. What freaking common topic can I have with these people? 
“Why don’t you wear this?” Fabian didn’t think much and pointed at a satin gown as he turned to Hannah and said. 
“Okay.” Hannah nodded in amazement. 
Fabian is actually helping me to pick an outfit? Has the Earth shifted on its axis? 
With that, she looked out of the window, trying to figure out if it was really the case. 
“Hey, over here!” 
As soon as Jason reached the entrance of Bluebird nightclub, he shouted at a few youngsters. 
“Oh, Jason has arrived. Let’s go over.” 
With that, the few youngsters walked over to Jason.
###Chapter 1271
Chapter 1271 
As they neared, they saw Helen standing very close to Jason. Helen was not a familiar face to them. Therefore, they were curious. Could it be that this was Jason’s new girlfriend? 
Helen wasn’t at all concerned about the gazes that were fixed on her. Instead, she took a step forward and announced, “Hello everyone, please don’t misunderstand. I am Helen, Fabian’s sister-in-law.” 
These people seemed to be well-acquainted with Jason, who was quite close with Fabian. Therefore logically speaking, they should also know Fabian. 
“Oh, I see. I thought you were Jason’s girlfriend.” One of them said with a laugh. 
“I…” 
Jason was about to say something, but he was instantly interrupted by Helen. She quickly clarified, “How could that be possible? If I were looking for a boyfriend, I wouldn’t look for someone like him. He’s terrible.” 
Upon hearing Helen’s harsh comment, Jason’s face soured considerably. It was obvious that he was quite offended. 
I haven’t even said anything, but you publicly express your disdain for me? No matter how you look at it, I have both brains and brawns. How am I not good enough for you? 
“Hahaha, that’s quite true,” The youngsters teased and laughed heartily. 
They found Jason’s predicament funny. 
“What’s so funny? Just get inside, all of you! I’ll wait for Fabian here. Stop bothering me!”
Jason retorted with impatience, clearly disgruntled. 
The youngsters waved their hands and went away tactfully. They left Fabian and Helen standing awkwardly in their respective spots. 
“What’s the matter? You can’t even let me speak the truth?” 
Helen asked in a challenging tone after everybody had left. 
“Hmph! Do you think what they said can be taken seriously? They don’t even know you. They were just replying out of courtesy. And you lapped it all up!” Jason complained out of dissatisfaction. 
“Tsk! Even if they were just being polite, I am more than happy to hear it. I am still way better than a certain someone, don’t you think?” 
Helen did not back down an inch. She mercilessly poked fun at Jason. 
“What’s the big deal? It was just a joke. No way I would be angry about it,” said Jason, comforting himself. 
Helen shook her head and ignored Jason. She stood to the side and quietly waited for the arrival of her sister and brother-in-law. 
Soon, the two of them arrived. Helen went over to Hannah happily and clung to her arm. They then entered Bluebird with Fabian. 
As a distinguished person, there was naturally some special arrangements for Fabian. There was also a private room for him. The auction had not yet started, but it was already crowded. Looking from afar, many heads were bobbing up and down. The whole place was congested with people. 
Upon entering the private room, they saw that there were already a few people seated inside.
“Well, well, well, look who’s here! I didn’t expect you would suggest for us to meet up. Did you get a concussion or something?” 
A husky voice could be heard the moment Fabian entered the private room. 
“Say one more word, and I’ll send you to a psychiatric hospital. You can spend a few days in there reflecting upon yourself,” Fabian responded coolly. 
“Ouch! That’s cold. We only see each other once in a blue moon. Can’t you be more friendly?” 
The voice belonged to Fabian’s childhood friend, Luther. He was an assistant director at a hospital. 
Luther noticed Hannah and the others. He greeted her with a wide grin plastered on his face. “My oh my, this must be Mrs. Norton who is the talk of the town. I’ve heard many things about you. It is an honor to meet you!” 
He walked towards Hannah with his hand outstretched. 
Because of an operation, Luther had missed Fabian’s birthday celebration. On top of that, Fabian and Hannah previously got married covertly. Therefore, Luther had never met Hannah. 
Looking at the enthusiastic Luther, Hannah couldn’t help but feel amazed. I didn’t think that Fabian would have a friend like this. But this is a good thing. I bet he’s easy to get along with. 
With a polite smile, she extended her right hand and said, “Nice to meet you! I am Hannah. Pleased to make your acquaintance.” 
Before they could shake hands as a friendly gesture, Fabian slapped away Luther’s hand forcefully.
###Chapter 1272
Chapter 1272 
Luther was shocked and jumped back on reflex. He gave Fabian a puzzled look and asked, “What the hell, man? What do you think you’re doing?” 
“You think you can just simply touch my wife’s hand inappropriately?” Fabian challenged icily. 
“What the heck? How could that be considered inappropriate touching? It was just a friendly handshake,” Luther defended himself emphatically. “Aren’t you being too petty?” 
Hannah was speechless as well. I can’t even shake hands with other people now? This is way too harsh! She couldn’t help but worry for Luther, whose hand was awfully red. 
“Hmm? So you really do want to go to a psychiatric hospital?” Fabian looked at Luther threateningly. 
Luther shook his head in defeat. “You’ve only ever been good at bullying me since we were young. I am not talking to you anymore! Hmph!” 
“Pfft!” 
Helen who was standing behind Hannah couldn’t help but let out a stifled laugh. Upon seeing her sister’s murderous glare, she quickly apologized to Luther. “I’m so sorry. I… I… Hahaha! I just couldn’t hold it in.” 
“Uh…” Her response made Luther feel even more awkward. 
You should’ve just kept quiet instead of blurting that out! Luther sighed internally. 
Hannah frowned and hastily said, “I apologize on behalf of my sister. She can be quite clueless sometimes. Please don’t mind her.”
“It’s okay. The youngling had no idea that Fabian and I always joke around. Don’t worry, I will not hold a grudge against her.” 
With a casual wave of his hand, Luther magnanimously put a stop to the awkward situation. 
“That’s enough, don’t just stand there. Come and sit down. Fabian, introduce your lovely wife to us. I didn’t really get to see her up close during the wedding.” Another person who was in the private room chimed in. 
Fabian nodded and took Hannah’s hand to lead her into the room. 
Meanwhile… 
“Remember everything I said to you. If you want to become famous, do as I say.” 
Yvette dragged a girl along with her. They headed into a private room in a nightclub. 
“Don’t worry,” said the girl, nodding her head obediently. “I’ll listen to everything you say.” 
“Good, then let’s go in.” 
She opened the door of the private room and entered. 
A middle-aged man with slicked-back hair was seated on the sofa in the private room. Specks of white were poking through the sides of his hair. He seemed to be worried about something. 
However, when he saw Yvette and the girl behind her, his eyes shone with anticipation. A satisfied smile appeared on his face. 
“Good to see you, Mr. Dane,” said Yvette. 
She extended her arm toward the middle-aged man.
The man was none other than Jaxon Dane, the chief of the Baykeep National Supervisory Commission. He had the authority to report any official. Hence, he called the shots in B City. Even the mayor would have to be wary of him. 
“Ms. Tanner, pleasure to see you.” 
Jaxon smiled pleasantly. Since Yvette was an actress, she was kind of acquainted with him. However, they were not familiar with each other. 
“Hi, this is a new actress who just joined our company. She’s quite talented, and she’s under my wing right now. I hope you can take good care of her.” Yvette introduced the girl next to her. 
Jaxon turned to look at the girl. He was as happy as a lark while scrutinizing her. This girl is gorgeous! Compared to those run-off-the-mill glamorous women out there, she has a refreshing quality. If she were a virgin, then it would be perfect! 
“Since she’s a new actress under your tutelage, I will naturally make sure she’s taken care of,” replied Jaxon, nodding his head. 
Jaxon was a lecherous man, and Yvette was very much aware of this fact. Although she did not have the misfortune to end up in his bed, the same could not be said for many of the starlets in her company. 
“Mr. Dane, I asked you out to let you get to know her better.” 
Yvette sat down with the girl and said, “Come on, quickly introduce yourself.” 
Right after she had finished introducing herself, Yvette stood up and informed Jaxon that she had to leave. “It’s really unfortunate, but I have to leave for a while to take care of an errand. I hope both of you can take your time to get acquainted. If you feel tired, you can rest in the presidential suite next door. I have already booked the room for you.”
###Chapter 1273
Chapter 1273 
With that, Yvette placed the key card onto the desk and continued, “It’s nothing. You can go ahead first, don’t worry about us.” 
Jaxon knew exactly what Yvette meant, and excitement sprung within him. 
In the Bluebird nightclub’s private room, Hannah mingled with Fabian’s friends and exchanged conversations here and there. She realized that not only are they outstanding individuals, but they are also tender-hearted souls that seem easy to get along with. 
Then, Luther received a message about the event’s start time. He read it and announced to the others, “Alright guys, we’ll come back here in a bit. For now, let’s head over to the auction since it’s starting soon.” 
Everyone stood up as told, then promptly shuffled towards their reserved table. 
The auction hall was neatly divided into several sections, and the table that Fabian had reserved for them was placed smack in the center. Their table wasn’t too far in front where it would seem conspicuous, nor was it too discreetly blended into the back. 
Hannah sat beside her sister, Helen, who bubbled with anticipation as she looked at the empty stage. “I wonder what splendid items we’ll see later.” 
Deep down, Hannah was equally as excited since this was her first time participating in an auction. 
Then a woman in a revealing sequin dress walked onto the stage. She picked up the microphone, glanced at everyone in the audience, then parted her ruby-red lips. “Thank you all for being here today. I’m Blue Enchantress, your auctioneer. Today’s event is Bluebird’s bi-monthly auction, and things are more exceptional this time around as we’ve got some impressive goodies for you.”
“Goodies? Really?” 
“Quit babbling and get to it!” 
“Damn, did you see that smoking hot auctioneer? 
… 
Enthusiastic murmurs erupted from the audience. 
“I’m sure you’re all eager to lay your eyes on those items, so without further ado, it’s my pleasure to announce that the Bluebird’s auction event has officially begun!” The enchanting auctioneer declared. 
Cheers burst from the audience like powerful waves crashing onto the stage. Many people clutched firmly onto signs that displayed their table numbers, ready to make their bids. 
“Let me know if you see anything you like. I’ll get it for you,” Jason said to Helen. 
Helen’s eyes rounded in surprise. When did he start been so kind to me? It must be a miracle. 
Jason noticed her odd stares and quickly clarified, “Don’t take it the wrong way. I’m only helping you because I know you’re tight on cash.” 
“Shut up, can’t you see that it’s starting?” Helen reprimanded. 
Jason’s lips curled over his teeth. “What the hell? This is what I get for being kind.” 
Seething with anger, he turned his attention back onto the stage. 
A renowned historical painting was currently being auctioned. Its appreciation value was so high that many people had raised their signs, engaging in a vicious bidding round.
Some sought after these high-value items for their personal collection, whereas others obtained such items with the purpose of gifting them away. There were still people who bid for lower-valued s, but those people were far and few in between. This was because the majority of the audience was comprised of the wealthy and privileged, who never saw money as a concern. 
However, those at Fabian’s table weren’t interested in collecting such things, so none of them raised their signs. 
In the end, the painting had racked up a whopping six million and was bought by an elderly collector. The Young sisters couldn’t help but gawk at this. Helen suppressed an appalled squeal, thinking that it was far too much to spend that on a decorative painting. Who would feel safe hanging a painting worth six million on their walls and risk it being torn or stained? 
The next items still weren’t remarkable enough to capture Fabian’s interest. While Fabian never made a bid, Luther snagged an artisan teapot for three million and proudly boasted, “There are days I’m either too busy or too idle in the office. So this will be convenient when I need a cup of tea or two.” 
Helen choked on her saliva after hearing his words, alarmed that the amount he spent on a teapot. “Aren’t you afraid of accidentally dropping it?” 
Helen had always been a generous and cheerful person. Hence, she could get along really well with the brazen Luther as well as with Jason. They naturally complemented each other like instruments in a choir when they chatted away earlier in the private room.
###Chapter 1274
Chapter 1274 
“So what if I’m reckless? I can do whatever I please,” Luther grinned. He spoke without a trace of bashfulness that it made Helen speechless. 
“Easy for him to say when Fabian is the one who’s actually paying for it,” Jason spoke straightforwardly. “He clearly doesn’t care for the teapot, so he’ll probably resell it once he grows tired of it. After all, this is the mindset he used to prosper his fortune.” 
Hearing this, Helen now frowned at Luther. All that big talk of yours… and you’ve just been using my brother-in-law’s money? 
Luther’s ears burned a bright red from embarrassment. He chuckled dryly and explained, “It’s beyond my control. Your brother-in-law is so prideful that he insists on paying for every auction, even I can’t convince him otherwise.” 
His voice squeaked softly for fear that Fabian was listening to what he said. 
Helen pursed her lips, wanting to call out Luther’s pathetic excuse. However, the auctioneer’s following words seized her complete attention, and she couldn’t help but look over to the stage. 
“Alright, this next item is rare. There are only a few of them in this world, so you can even say it’s the pinnacle of tonight’s event. Want to know what it is? Please wait for it,” the auctioneer teased the audience with a playful smile. 
She gently patted the black cloth that draped over the mystery item, building the audience’s interest in it. 
“I wonder what could it be? That’s a really vague intro though.”
“Let me guess. It’s some limited-edition item?” 
“Oh, hurry up with the answers! You’re killing us with the suspension.” 
… 
Fabian glanced at the covered on the stage, thinking that it seemed small. Then he turned to face Hannah and asked, “Can you guess what it is?” 
“Guess? How can I guess if there’s a black cloth over it? They didn’t even give a single clue.” 
Hannah felt an oncoming headache just from considering the possibilities of what the item was. Giving up, she figured that Fabian was probably joking with her. 
“Would you believe that it’s a necklace?” Fabian asked confidently after pondering at the item’s enlarged image on the display screens. 
“You can tell just from that? I don’t believe you.” 
Hannah shook her head. She had scrutinized every inch of the screen and still couldn’t figure out what the mystery item was, so she refused to believe that Fabian could tell it was a necklace. Unless he has X-ray vision, he must’ve been blindly guessing. 
“Let’s make a bet,” Fabian suggested as his lips curled into a sly grin. 
“Alright, let’s do it. It’s not like I’m afraid of you,” Hannah retaliated. 
I’m gonna win this bet for sure. Most things can be auctioned, so there’s no telling what the mystery item is. Thus, the chances of him guessing correctly is one in millions, and I don’t believe he’s that lucky. 
“Aren’t you going to ask what the stakes are?” Fabian chuckled amusedly at her.
“You decide,” Hannah replied without hesitation. 
He’s playing a losing game because I’ll win regardless. My situation is so favorable that it won’t matter what the stakes are. 
“Good. This will be the condition of our bet; the loser must agree to anything the winner wants. They must complete the winner’s request, no matter what it is.” Fabian’s eyes gleamed with a mischievous glint as he stated the condition. 
Although this initially unnerved Hannah, she still felt certain that she would win the bet and avoid this penalty altogether. Better yet, she would use the condition to stop Fabian from forcing himself onto her. 
So she agreed to his condition, “Alright then, whatever you say.” 
“Hey, can you count me in?” Jason hurriedly spoke up after overhearing their bet. 
“Don’t forget about me,” Helen chimed in too. 
Luther stiffened in his seat. He wanted to join in but was uneasy about losing the bet, especially since Fabian had never once suffered a loss. He also considered betting on Fabian to win. However, he didn’t quite believe that Fabian actually knew what the mystery item was. Annoyance prickled inside his mind as he thought, What a dumb game. How can anyone guess what the item is if it’s concealed? 
“Count me in!” Luther caved in and spoke through gritted teeth at Fabian. 
“…” Hannah held her breath. She was dumbstruck that everyone took so much of an interest in the bet. 
Almost instantly after he asked to join, Luther interjected whilst facing Fabian, “Forget it, I’m not betting…”
It wasn’t because he didn’t want to anymore, but because he was startled by Fabian’s eyes that looked like dark pools of animosity.
###Chapter 1275
Chapter 1275 
“Jason, you and Helen should stay out of it for now since this bet is between Hannah and me,” Fabian advised. 
Helen then grumbled unwillingly, “Okay.” 
Then an idea flashed in Jason’s eyes. “Wanna make a bet with me?” 
Helen instantly perked up at this suggestion. She cautiously leaned closer to Jason and asked, “I’m down, but what are we betting on? Do you intend to play the same guessing game?” 
“Pfft, I’m not as skilled a guesser as Fabian. Let’s bet on who will win instead—Fabian or Hannah, what do you say?” Jason proposed. 
His beady-eyed gaze locked on Helen, who responded with, “Sound’s good.” 
At this moment, Fabian dialed a number on his phone and instructed in a low voice, “Tell the auctioneer to put the event on hold. I’m at table 15, come over. I have something to discuss.” 
The auctioneer waved to command the audience’s attention. Right when she was about to reveal what the mystery item was, Bluebird’s general manager approached the stage and muttered, “The boss wants to see you backstage.” 
“My apologies, everyone please give us a moment.” The auctioneer bowed politely before turning to leave. 
“What the devil is going on? Why did she leave?” 
“Yeah! Even if they’re trying to pique our curiosity, there’s no need to leave us high and dry like that.”
“They’re really going all out in building suspense.” 
… 
The room was in a state of chaos as the audience complained from every corner of the room. 
In the meantime, the boss of Bluebird’s establishment stood before Fabian’s table and bowed. “What can I do for you, Mr. Norton?” 
The boss was not typically such a lily-livered man. However, it was only natural for him to tread cautiously around a powerful man like Fabian. 
His blood ran cold just from looking at Fabian. Being the nightclub’s boss, it was needless to say that he knew all about the influential figures in Baykeep city. Apart from the two women at Fabian’s table, everyone in the room came from notable and distinguished backgrounds. 
Fabian briefly stated his request in a lowered voice, and the boss immediately understood. 
Although the boss didn’t fully understand Fabian’s motive for making that request, he still hurriedly obeyed. 
Of course, Fabian was not one to abuse his superiority. So he slid out a card from his wallet and gave it to the Bluebird’s boss. 
The boss gaped at the sleek sheen of the premium black card, knowing all too well that the card held at least a million. 
Fabian spoke up after seeing the boss’ hesitation, “Take it. Consider it as compensation for troubling you.” 
The boss thanked him graciously before accepting the black card and scurrying backstage.
Hannah instantly regretted betting against Fabian. She assumed that they would wait for the auctioneer to reveal the mystery item, but Fabian had unexpectedly spent a million and took their bet to a whole other level. 
Not long after, the auctioneer returned to the stage once more. She blushed profusely at the outraged audience. “I’m sorry to keep everyone waiting.” 
Truth be told, she didn’t know how to proceed. Normally, it would be acceptable for her to interrupt auctions as her fluent improvisation skills could easily reignite the audience’s enthusiasm. However, this time… 
Her boss informed her that the mystery item would undergo a special auction procedure. The item would remain unrevealed until it is handed over to the highest bidder. She had worked in the auctioneering industry for quite some time, but this special procedure was a first for her. 
At the same time, she couldn’t help but brim with curiosity. This item’s market value is extremely high, and he’s just going to auction it without showing the audience what it is? Isn’t he afraid of sustaining losses if no one bids for it? 
Little did the auctioneer know, Fabian had promised to purchase the item for a hundred and five percent of its market price, should his bid not meet the market price. 
The boss considered that he would profit regardless of whoever bids for the item, so he decided it was better to sell the item to Fabian as a favor. 
Meanwhile, the auctioneer hesitated for some time before sheepishly announcing, “Because of the item’s special significance, we’ve decided to do a blind bidding.”
###Chapter 1276
Chapter 1276 
“What? What’s a blind bidding?” 
“Special significance? What the hell does that mean?” 
“Blind auction? Does that mean the item is illegal?” 
… 
Tumultuous questions broke out from the displeased audience. 
The auctioneer nervously clarified, “This means that the item will not be revealed throughout the bidding process up until it arrives in the hands of the highest bidder. The starting price will be determined by you, bidders. Whether you gain or lose from this item will entirely be in your hands.” 
This was the best excuse that she came up with at backstage earlier. She didn’t know how else to explain to the audience, except by marketing the item as a gamble of fate. 
“The hell is this? Who carries out such auction procedures?” 
“I think the Bluebird’s staff came up with this scheme to trick us into bidding high prices.” 
“Yeah, I think so too. Only an idiot would fall for their scheme.” 
… 
The auctioneer avoided looking directly at anyone from the turbulent audience. She just wanted to get this over and done with immediately, even if it meant causing the item to be passed. “Okay, let’s not waste each other’s precious time. This item is officially open for bidding. The bidding price starts at five
million, so if anyone is interested, please raise your sign. Every increasing bid hereafter must be at a minimum of two hundred thousand.” 
“Pfft, pass the item already! Clearly, this is a scam by the nightclub. No one’s dumb enough to fall for it!” someone from the front tables shouted at the auctioneer. 
Pity swelled in the auctioneer’s chest after seeing that no one made a move. What a waste! At this rate, I don’t even know how much my commission will amount to. Honestly! What the hell is the boss thinking? 
Just as the auctioneer’s shoulders slumped in disappointment, Fabian made his move. 
At Fabian’s signal, Jason raised his sign and offered, “Six million.” 
Oh my god. I’m saved! Even though it’s nowhere near market value, at least someone’s still willing to participate in this blind bidding. The auctioneer let out a huge breath and smiled with relief at Fabian. 
“Okay, six million from the sir in the middle. Does anyone wish to go higher?” 
The auctioneer cast a grateful look at Jason, who held up his sign. Because if it weren’t for him, she wouldn’t have earned even a dime’s worth of commission from this item. 
Everyone’s gazes followed after the auctioneer’s, wanting to know which idiot had fallen into the nightclub’s trap. When they realized that it was Fabian, everyone’s lips pursed as they silently eyed him. 
No one was bold enough to criticize Fabian for doing what he did. After all, Fabian was favored by lady Fortune herself; he was so wealthy and powerful that they couldn’t risk crossing him. 
Yet, there were also people in the room who didn’t know that Fabian was the president of Phoenix Group. One of them scorned, “Why’d he bid? That guy doesn’t look dumb enough to do fall for a scam
— did no one from his table stop him?” 
The people around shifted their seats away from this person. They couldn’t care less if their actions seemed humiliating because it was better than being associated with that imprudent person. 
“Are there no more bids?” the auctioneer asked again. 
However, the room’s pin-drop silence made it clear that her question was painfully unnecessary. She then raised her gavel to resume with the bidding. 
“Six million going once.” 
Bang! 
“Six million going twice.” 
Bang! 
Right as she raised her gravel to make the final call, a woman spoke confidently. 
“Seven million.” 
The auctioneer couldn’t help but beam with joy at the sound of this. Unbelievable! People are still bidding under the crazy circumstance—that’s great! This is going greatly! 
Everyone’s heads flung towards the source of the woman’s voice, wanting to know what was happening. 
Fabian did as well; he turned his head slightly and looked across the room. 
The voice came from an inconspicuously placed table in the auction hall.
Two people sat at that table; the first was a woman drenched in smoky makeup and a skimpy dress. She was the one who had made the bid. Next to her was an enigmatic woman in a mask whose eyes looked directly at Fabian. 
The masked woman was, in fact, Lyna. She had found some random woman to raise her sign and shout out the bid on her behalf. All of this was to ensure that her identity would remain securely hidden.
###Chapter 1277
Chapter 1277 
“Why the mask? Is she pretending to be some big shot?” Jason clenched his jaw in dissatisfaction towards her higher bid. 
Fabian felt curious too, but nothing about the woman seemed familiar, so he signaled for Jason to increase their bid. 
“Eight million.” 
This didn’t surprise Lyna, whose goal was to lure him into recklessly spending his money. 
Lyna raised a finger and nodded at the skimpily dressed woman. 
A gleam flashed in the skimpy woman’s eyes as she immediately shouted, “Ten million.” 
“Okay, we now have ten million from the lady in the back. Does anyone wish to go higher?” the auctioneer uttered in disbelief as zealous thoughts shot inside her mind. Yes! The pace is finally picking up. Please don’t stop bidding now! 
“Fifteen million.” 
At this point, Jason blew up with rage at the masked woman whose eyes were still pinned onto Fabian. She’s not even looking at the screen! It’s obvious that she’s not bidding for the item; she’s here to wreck our plans. 
Fabian figured that too, but he was more focused on finding out who that masked woman was. Why is she going against me? Fabian mused.
On the other hand, the Young sisters were oblivious to this. They were more concerned with the risk of bidding more than fifteen million on an unknown item. They advised, “Let’s give up. We’ll stop pursuing the item if that person raises their bid, alright?” 
A wicked smile crept onto Lyna’s face. Things were going accordingly; she wanted Fabian to keep increasing his bid and spend way more than necessary over some petty little item. 
The skimpy woman’s bright red lips parted in shock. Those guys upped their bid to fifteen million, so are we still increasing our bid or not? 
She turned her head and gasped, seeing that Lyna raised two fingers at her. 
Pride swelled in her chest as this was the most honorable moment she felt among all of the jobs she had engaged in. With all eyes on her, adrenaline kicked in as she proudly raised her chin and proclaimed, “Twenty-five million!” 
At this, the auctioneer felt an exciting thrill crawl down her back. These two are really gunning for it. Moreover, I was informed backstage that the item’s market price is twenty-five million, and the current bidding price has soared to exactly that. This means we won’t sustain any losses for this item anymore! 
“Okay, I’ve got twenty-five million from the same woman at the back. Are there any more bids?” the auctioneer eagerly raised her gavel and shouted in Fabian’s direction. 
Jason gritted his teeth. He grabbed the sign and was ready to raise his offer. Screw it. I don’t believe you have that much money on you. 
Before Jason could lift the sign, an arm reached out to suppress his. His gaze trailed up the arm and saw whom it belonged to—Fabian!
Sensing that Fabian was going to give up the bet, Jason urged, “Fabian, what’s going on? Aren’t you going to beat her offer?” 
“That’s all that matters to you, huh? You and your mulishness. What if we end up with massive losses?” Helen snapped with a fire. 
Jason glared daggers at Hannah. Disregarding her presence, he turned to look at Fabian and waited for his response. 
“Play hesitant. Hold back until the second auction chant before increasing our offer,” Fabian instructed whilst casually tapping his fingers against the tabletop. 
Jason instantly understood. He knew Fabian like the back of his hands since they had known each other for quite some years. He could tell Fabian’s counter. She’s deliberately raising her offer to target us; To retort, we’re going to pretend like we’ve given up on the item, then shock her by making the last winning bid. 
However, Jason still felt unresolved anger towards the masked woman. How humiliating! People will assume that we can’t afford the item, even though we clearly can. Just any one of our credit cards will have at least ten million credit, so is acting really necessary? 
Nevertheless, Jason kept his mouth tightly shut and obeyed Fabian’s plan. 
Bang! 
“Twenty-five million going once. Any higher bids?”
###Chapter 1278
Chapter 1278 
The auctioneer forcefully struck her gavel against the sound block. It was as if she gave a stern reminder to Fabian, urging that the mystery item would be snatched away if he didn’t make another bid now. 
Bang! 
“Twenty-five million going twice!” 
The gavel struck again, sending a loud call to everyone’s attention. 
At that moment, a frown of worry crossed Lyna’s face. Why isn’t Fabian bidding anymore? Has he run out of money? That’s not possible! How could the largest consortium in the country run out of money? If he doesn’t have money, then we’d all be broke and penniless. 
Unless… he gave up the bid because he no longer thinks the item is worth it? 
Hannah. It must be Hannah’s doing. 
Given Fabian’s character, Lyna felt it was impossible that he would give up so easily. Her temper sparked, thinking that Hannah must have persuaded him to stop bidding. 
“That Hannah… ugh! She repulses me!” Lyna vented. 
Her lips trembled with panicked rage as she had just spent twenty-five million on a worthless item. 
“Miss, it looks like they’ve surrendered,” the skimpy woman rejoiced. She assumed that Lyna really wanted the mystery item and boasted proudly, “We’re going to win the bid soon.” 
“I…” Lyna faltered.
Lyna’s fists coiled tightly as she glowered at the skimpy woman. You unknowing wretch, how could you be so pleased that I spent all my money on a wrong cause? 
The auctioneer gave a long exhale before announcing loudly, “Great! So that’s twenty-five million to…” 
“Thirty million,” Jason’s voice rumbled once more. 
“Someone else has offered a higher bid at thirty million,” the auctioneer said to Lyna. “Miss, would you like to bid up?” 
The auctioneer got a tad more excited at how she managed to sell the mystery item for thirty million despite how chaotic the situation was. To top it all off, the item was sold for five million more than its market price. 
Our boss is a genius for devising this whole blind bidding procedure! We might not have sold it for this much if we revealed what the mystery item was. 
“Hah! Jason, Jason,” Lyna tutted. “Some friend you are for shoving Fabian right into my trap. Oh, my! This is great!” 
Lyna threw her head back and let out a burst of loud, triumphant laughter. 
She believed that Jason had made the bid out of impulsive arrogance; nevertheless, his impulsiveness had saved her from tragedy. She would have gotten into a pickle if she really won the bid and had to cough up twenty-five million because she didn’t have that kind of wealth. 
Blackwood Group was technically still Leo’s; plus, Lyna had previously spent a large expense on orchestrating that car accident, so there was no way she had thirty million to spend on some silly bidding.
Lyna sighed gratefully that Leo hadn’t attended with her. If he did, things would surely be catastrophic; not only would her identity be known, but Leo might lecture her for her behavior, and she might end up getting lesser shares to Blackwood Group as a result. 
Thanks to Jason’s impulsive bidding, all of that was averted, so it pleased Lyna greatly. 
“Miss? Miss, should we raise our bid?” the skimpy woman asked. 
The skimpy woman couldn’t tell whether Lyna’s smile was one of confident laughter or dumbfounded anger. 
Lyna’s lips curved at the skimpy woman, then she turned and left without so much as a word. 
To this, the skimpy woman assumed that Lyna probably stormed off in a foul mood because she ran out of money for the bidding. 
An unbothered chuckle escaped the skimpy woman’s lips as she dropped the bidding sign and skipped out of the hall. Her heart raced with gratification, knowing that the spotlight was on her while she stole the show at today’s auction. It didn’t bother her that they failed to bid for the mystery item. After all, that had nothing to do with her; It’s not like the item was hers to keep if they have won the bid anyway. 
“Fabian, those two have left!” Jason informed with his eyes still glued onto the faraway Lyna. 
Fabian nodded silently. He knew that his plan had succeeded, and the mystery item was finally in his grasp. 
Bang! 
“Thirty thousand going once!” 
Bang!
“Thirty thousand going twice!” 
The auctioneer scanned the room, confirming that no more bids would be made. Then she struck her gavel again and shouted, “Last chance! And… sold to the gentleman over there. Congratulations, sir!” 
“Hmph! Who were those women? I’ll give them a piece of my mind once I track them down…” 
Jason fumed lividly. He was upset that he and Fabian relied on a strategy to win the bid when they could have easily bid a large sum at once and obtain the item instantly. The whole thing wounded his pride greatly. Needless to say, he wanted nothing more than to bite the women’s heads off for messing with their bid.
###Chapter 1279
Chapter 1279 
“I really wonder what the market price for the item is that you’re bidding,” heaving a sigh, Hannah said with her head lowered. 
It was indeed the point which she was really concerned with at the moment. Be it a price that was a lot lower or one which was a lot higher than the market price, Fabian would still sustain a great loss. 
A sense of guilt crept into her heart as she thought about the bet with Fabian earlier. It’s really my fault! If I didn’t make a bet with Fabian, he would not have bid for the mystery item and spent so much! 
Nevertheless, Fabian was not the least bit worried about sustaining a great loss as he was confident of his own judgment. I’m sure the mystery item must be a necklace of high quality. If not, the auctioneer would not have introduced it in that way. 
Other people figured that the auctioneer had exaggerated about the mystery item in order to pique their interests to bid for it. Little did they know that Fabian was the one manipulating the unusual bidding of the mystery item. 
It was actually a win-win situation for him and the auctioneer. Apart from having Hannah touched by bidding her a unique item, his heart leaped with joy at the thought of Hannah fulfilling his wish upon winning the bet with her. 
“How’s everything? Did you manage to get it done with Mr. Dane?” Yvette asked the woman desperately. 
The woman had called Yvette earlier right after Jaxon left. Yvette had also rushed to the place without hesitation.
“Yvette, the mission is accomplished. He was apparently having a great time in bed just now!” the woman giggled and replied confidently. 
Yvette nodded in satisfaction and hinted, “Do you know that he’s no ordinary man? He’s the chief of the National Supervisory Commission and liaises directly with the higher-ups. If you are able to butter him up, I’m sure you would have an outstanding career advancement in the future.” 
The woman’s face lit up upon hearing Yvette’s words. She replied jubilantly, “Yvette, really thanks for giving me this golden opportunity. You can rely on me as I won’t let you down. I’ll surely repay your kindness in the future!” 
Yvette’s lips curved into a smile as she said, “Alright, I’m glad that you said so. I just hope that you won’t forget about me when you are at the peak of success later.” 
“It’s impossible! I would never forget how you have helped me this round!” the woman emphasized sincerely. 
“Alright, you may go out first if there’s nothing else. I need to make a call.” Yvette said casually and gestured to her. 
“Alright, Yvette. Just feel to contact me if there’s anything. I’ll make a move first.” the woman nodded at her and left. 
After ensuring that she had left, Yvette strode toward the TV cabinet. She crouched to take out a laptop, flipped the lid, and turned it on instantly. 
Next, she clicked a specific folder to play a video clip. 
“Hmm…” The moment the video clip was played, there was the sound of a woman panting and moaning seductively.
Smiling meaningfully, Yvette plugged in a USB drive to make a duplicate of the video clip. Lyna, the first step of our plan is done and turns out to be a success! 
Jaxon Dane, looks like you have no choice but to comply with all our requests. If not, you’ll have your image tarnished within seconds! 
Holding the USB drive tightly, Yvette smiled slyly with a glint of ferocity in her eyes. 
In the meantime, the auction was about to come to an end. Hannah did not choose to bid for anything as she was not in the mood. Furthermore, she did not intend to let Fabian spend any more for her. Meanwhile, Jason had bid Helen a Patek Philippe watch. 
When the auction was over, Helen grabbed Jason’s arm and grumbled at him, “I didn’t ask you to bid me anything, did I? I’ll give this watch back to you.” 
“Pfft! Don’t give it back to me. You’re the owner now. After all, you still have the vibe that can match such a luxury watch!” Jason said coolly. 
Helen was speechless and at a loss for words. 
If the sentence was blurted out of another person’s mouth, Helen would surely give that person a slap on the face, thinking that she was being mocked at. Nevertheless, she knew that Jason was being sincere by saying so. 
After getting along with Jason for quite some time, she knew well about his temperament. Even though he was blunt at times and bickered a lot with her, he was actually a generous and kind-heartened person. During the auction a while ago, his instinctive act of bidding the Patek Philippe watch truly reflected his generosity and kindness.
When Fabian went backstage to retrieve the bid items, all of his buddies were back to their private room again, except Luther. Aside from collecting his artisan teapot, he was keen on knowing if Fabian had made a right guess for the mystery item.
###Chapter 1280
Chapter 1280 
Needless to say, both Helen and Jason also tagged along with them. Both of them had made a bet among themselves as well, other than collecting the Patek Philippe watch. 
“I’m sure Fabian has made the right guess this round!” 
Jason was really confident with Fabian as Fabian had been his idol since young. In his eyes, Fabian was as mighty as the creator of mankind, and there was not even once whereby he was defeated. Hence, Jason truly believed that it would not be an exception for him this round as well. 
Nevertheless, Helen really doubted Jason’s great confidence. For her, it was impossible for Fabian to have a right guess for the mystery item in the box unless he possessed the ability to see through things. 
Shaking her head, she trailed behind them. She only believed in science, and fairy tale was just fiction for her. Therefore, she opted to be in the same stance as Hannah. 
After a while, the auctioneer approached Fabian with the bill. “Mr. Norton, this is your bill. Three million for Mr. Luther and thirty million for you making up the grand total of thirty-three million. Please place your signature here as acknowledgment.” 
“You don’t need Fabian to pay for you?” 
Helen was stunned. Fabian is even footing the bill for Luther. I don’t understand why he’s not paying for Jason. 
“Do you think that I’m as stingy as a certain someone?” 
Jason asked mockingly and threw a glance at Luther who was just next to him.
“Cough! Cough! I’m not stingy! I’m just spending wisely. Do you get what I mean?” Luther refuted in embarrassment. 
“Pfft! My instinct is right. You’re really a typical loader who takes advantage of others!” Helen said disdainfully. She could not hold back her words any longer upon seeing Luther acting pretty thick skin. 
Coincidentally, someone brought in a delicate black box containing the item bid by Fabian a while ago. 
Jason leaned closer and said excitedly, “Helen, do you see that? Such a big box! What kind of jewelry needs to be packed in such a big box other than a necklace?” 
“Pfft! How do you know it’s really a necklace? There are so many other possibilities, such as diamond, ring, and other types of jewelry.” 
At the sight of the rectangular box, Helen still did not think that the mysterious item would be a necklace. 
“This is for you. Bear in mind that you owe me a promise,” Fabian turned to look at Hannah and reminded her after signing his name on the bill. The next moment, he strode out without sparing a glance at the box. 
Hannah was dumbfounded and could barely squeeze any words out of her mouth. 
Jason gulped as Fabian strode away and his figure vanished from his view. He’s really confident and cool! 
He thought of telling Helen the same thing, then strode off at once like Fabian. However, he was curious to know what was inside the black box. He was confident that the item was a necklace as he believed in Fabian.
Taking over the black box from the staff, a wave of anxiety surged within Hannah. Is it really a necklace? Why is Fabian so sure about it? 
“Hannah, just open the box!” 
Luther huddled up excitedly with the others, holding his box of artisan teapot in his hands. 
Taking a deep breath, Hannah pried open the cover of the box carefully. 
Jason, Helen, and Luther also craned their necks to witness the important moment. 
“Ah! This is really incredible!” Helen yelled out first. 
“Haha! I knew it! Fabian is always right. He’ll forever be my mighty idol who is undefeatable by anyone!” Jason was overjoyed and laughed heartily, ignoring how the other audience turned to gape at him. 
“As expected of Fabian Norton,” holding his own delicate box, Luther mumbled admiringly. 
As for Hannah, she was holding the black box and could not utter any words. At the same time, all types of questions were floating in her mind. Does Fabian really have the ability to see through something? 
“Very impressive!” After inspecting the black box from different perspectives, Luther smacked his lips and commented. 
“Huh?” Hannah was baffled. He’s actually referring to Fabian or the necklace? 
If he is referring to Fabian, his ability is really beyond description. He can be a fortune teller with his X- ray eyes! Or he could be referring to the necklace, which cost an arm or a leg.
Sigh! I’m in regrets having make a bet with him. Thirty million! I’m debt-ridden now! 
“This thirty million is really worth it!”
###Chapter 1281
Chapter 1281 
Luther finally said placidly after looking intently at the black box for quite some time. 
“Of course, Fabian’s perception is always right. He won’t spend irrationally for anything which is not worth the price,” Jason said impatiently. 
“No! No! You don’t understand!” Luther waved his finger and casually replied. 
“How dare you comment that I don’t understand! Do you understand? After all, I know that Fabian has great judgment and that the item would be worth the price for him.” Infuriated by Luther’s words, Jason started to sound a bit agitated. 
“Of course I understand.” 
Stroking his chin, Luther commented further, “If I’m not mistaken, this necklace is made of black diamond.” 
“Black diamond?” Helen asked quizzically. 
She wondered what black diamond was. I have only heard about diamonds. Black diamond? The name sounds really odd! Does it really exist? 
“Ah! You’re being boastful again! I remember that you were keen on an antique vase previously, and sweet-talked me into investing for you, saying that you’ll surely count me in after gaining profit. The vase ended up being a counterfeit!” Jason unleashed his wrath at Luther, furious at how he was deceived by him earlier. 
“That was just a mistake! I never had the intention to be deceitful. Don’t tell me you’ve never made a mistake!” Luther rebutted.
That was the only time I accidentally made a wrong judgment. Do you need to keep mentioning it and embarrass me? 
“Fine, why don’t you continue to talk about this necklace? What’s so unique about this black diamond?” Helen turned to ask Luther inquisitively. 
“Aha, at least there’s a wise one here!” 
Pointing at Helen with a smile, Luther cleared his throat and turned to face the others again. “Everyone, let me introduce to you the mysterious black diamond! It is actually a lot more valuable than the common diamonds. Scientists have proven that it is actually formed by meteoroids that penetrated the atmosphere and landed on the surface of the earth as meteorites. As time elapsed, shattered pieces of meteorites which were buried deep under the surface of the earth gradually turned into black diamond.” 
Jason was speechless at his words. This fellow is really good at telling cock and bull stories. 
He sounds like a knowledgeable expert in the field! He is but an ordinary doctor who pretends to be an astronomer. Meteoroids landed on the earth? Why didn’t he just tell us the sun collides into the earth? What nonsense! 
“Are you sure about that?” Helen glared at Luther doubtfully as she questioned him. I know that I’m not highly educated, but you’d better don’t try to fool me! 
Meanwhile, Hannah remained silent and waited patiently for Luther’s further explanation. 
“Of course I’m sure about it. Do you know about the exhibition of the Black Orlov earlier on? I’ve spent some time on the relevant research.” Luther said confidently. 
The Black Orlov? What is that? On the instant, there was a puzzled look on Jason’s face. What language is he speaking? I don’t understand a word.
“Err… The Black… What did you say just now?” Helen also asked in puzzlement, obviously didn’t get what Luther said as well. 
“Argh! It’s the Black Orlov! A most well-known type of black diamond across the globe! Do you get it now?” 
Luther paused before he continued, “It’s common for black diamond to have certain levels of defects. Hence, it’s a great challenge to have them cut out. That’s why black diamond is so rare. Moreover…” 
He stopped abruptly and deliberately lowered his voice as he continued to explain, “Legend has it that in Ancient India, people used to dedicate black diamonds to their god of Deaths, Yama!” 
Helen shuddered as Luther’s tone sent a chill down her spine. Shaking her head, she tried to get rid of the sudden growing suspense by saying, “Are you intentionally making up a story to scare us?” 
Meanwhile, Jason searched online about the black diamond with his phone the moment he heard Luther mention the Black Orlov. To his surprise, what Luther had explained a while ago was exactly the same as the information posted online. I never expect that this fellow knows so much about this! I thought he is just fooling us! 
Clearing his throat, he told Hannah, “Hannah, he seems to be telling the truth. I’ve searched online about the black diamond, and the information is really similar to what he told us just now. I’ve also made a comparison with the pictures of the black diamond online. Therefore, I can confirm that the necklace bid by Fabian for you is made of black diamond.” 
“I have told you just now, didn’t I? I was telling the truth. After all, I’m still considered as the leader of the Fabled Four in Baykeep… Ah! I haven’t finished my words! Don’t cup my mouth…”
As Luther was talking non-stop excitedly, Jason clasped his big palm over his mouth tightly in frustration. This blabbermouth! Other than carrying out surgeries, he’s good at nothing except bragging! 
What does he mean by the Fabled Four in Baykeep? 
Helen was rendered speechless. Does he think he is a big-time boy band singer? What a narcissist! Pfft! The Fabled Four?
###Chapter 1282
Chapter 1282 
“You must not be fooled by him. He’s been overconfident ever since he had received an award from our mayor after performing a successful surgery for him. He’s just a boastful fellow!” 
Jason straight away exposed everything about Luther. 
“Sigh! Why do you keep twisting my words?” 
Rolling his eyes, Luther was displeased and kept grumbling within himself. Jason, you really have a big mouth! Since you have revealed everything about me, how can I brag again later? You are such a spoiler! 
“Alright, let’s go. They’re still waiting for us in the private room.” Hannah said placidly and headed for the private room right away. 
“Alright, let’s go.” Jason also strode at once to catch up with her. 
As something crossed his mind, he told Hannah, “Hannah, don’t worry. We surely won’t sustain any loss this round. The woman who was competing against us at the bidding session for the mystery item had indirectly enabled us to save quite a lot of money! 
Helen suddenly had a clearer picture of the whole circumstance and commented, “Ah! It seems we have to thank that woman in a way. If not because of her, Fabian will surely need to pay a larger sum, which is about an additional fifty percent of the exact market value. By then, he would have sustained a greater loss!” 
“You’ve got it! Anyway, the exact amount to be paid is not an issue. What matters the most, black diamond is really rare and hard to be obtained,” Luther agreed.
Hannah shook her head as a sense of bitterness crept into her heart. No matter how Jason was trying to convince her that they had actually gained in a way instead of sustaining a great loss, Hannah’s heart was still filled with complex emotions. She could not resist feeling guilty for causing Fabian to spend thirty million within such as short span of time. 
At the same time, she could not explain why her heart was filled with indecipherable complex emotions. By right I shouldn’t be feeling troubled by this, since we are now officially husband and wife after the wedding ceremony. It’s just natural for my own hubby to buy me a gift, isn’t it? 
“Pray that we shall be blessed,” Jason said jokingly to Helen. 
If Lyna knew about the exact circumstance at the moment, she would surely pop a blood vessel. 
In the meantime, Lyna had just sent the skimpily dressed woman off. She was waiting for Yvette in one of the private rooms of the nightclub. 
“If everything goes on smoothly as planned, we should have settled the things with Jaxon. As for my side here, I have managed to set Fabian up. He’s spending so much on nothing!” Laughing scornfully, Lyna was over the moon at the moment. 
She was pretty sure that both Hannah and Fabian would be trapped by her brilliant plan. She totally had no idea that things had turned the other way round. Instead of setting up Fabian to spend more on the mystery item, he had actually indirectly saved more because of her. 
“Huh? Yvette is still not back yet? Could she be facing some hiccups? If she can’t get such a simple matter done, then I won’t need to waste my time on her again next round. What an incompetent woman!” Lyna continued ranting about Yvette’s inefficiency. 
When Lyna was about to call her, the door of the private room was pushed open. Her eyes lit up as Yvette’s figure came into view the next moment.
“How’s it? Did you manage to get the video clip?” she asked Yvette anxiously. 
“Yeah, the video clip is right here.” She handed her phone to Lyna. 
Lyna played the video clip at once. Her lips curved up into a sly smile at the sight of the man and woman who were engrossed in their passionate moments. 
She complimented Yvette with satisfaction, “Well done! Now we can instruct Jaxon to carry out anything for us!” 
“By the way, when are we meeting him?” 
Even though Yvette had her mission accomplished, she was not delighted at all. There was even a sense of inexplicable anxiety on her face. 
She was sure that it was just a matter of time for Fabian to seek her out for payback, as he had found out that she was the one who harmed Hannah earlier. Her temples started to throb, fearing how Fabian would strike back at her. 
“Let’s get it settled now. I predict that Fabian will take action tomorrow. Hence, we’d better be prepared and don’t drag any longer. Give Jaxon a call now and ask him out to meet us.” 
In the other private room of Bluebird nightclub, the liveliness was totally different from the tense atmosphere of the one where both women were at. Even Fabian was laughing heartily at Helen and Jason’s jokes. 
Luther lifted his wine glass and finished his wine in one gulp. Staring at everyone, he said sincerely, “Both Fabian and Hannah have just gotten married. It’s considered their wedding night tonight. As a token of congratulation, don’t you think that we should clink glass with them?”
###Chapter 1283
Chapter 1283 
Everyone agreed instantly. Even Helen also lifted her wine glass toward Hannah. 
Hannah pursed her lips in embarrassment. She drank quite a lot earlier on and was worried that she would be drunk if she continued on. Snippets of her funny moments when she was drunk previously flashed across her mind. My goodness! It was so embarrassing! If I get drunk again… 
“Hannah, come on! Everyone is waiting for you!” Helen sensed her sister’s hesitation and urged her. 
“Ah! A-alright!” Hannah had no choice, but to lift up her wine glass so as not to disappoint the others. 
Fabian knitted his brows when he caught a glimpse of the bitterness on Hannah’s face. Nevertheless, he still lifted his wine glass and clanked glass with them before finishing his wine in one gulp. 
“Enough, Hannah gets drunk easily. She can’t drink anymore!” he said firmly after finishing his wine. 
Upon hearing his words, Hannah gave him a glance of gratitude. 
“Oh! So sweet! Fabian, you have really changed a lot after getting married. I never expect that you’ll be so caring to anyone. I’ve never seen you show any concern to me, buddy,” pouting, Luther grumbled jokingly at Fabian. 
In an instant, Fabian shot him a warning glance. Intimidated by the profound coldness in his eyes, Luther shuddered and switched topics instantaneously to appease him. “Alright. Don’t drink anymore. Ah! Let’s sing.” 
On the other hand, Jaxon had just reached the private room. 
“Mr. Dane, please come in,” Yvette put on an attractive smile and welcomed Jaxon.
With a puzzled look, Jaxon asked Yvette curiously, “Ms. Tanner, do you have anything to discuss with me?’ 
Jaxon had no clue at all. Yvette had just sent him a seductive woman a while ago, requesting him to help guide her in her career advancement. Now she asked me to come over again? Maybe she wants to sell herself this round? If that was the case, he would not mind at all. In fact, Yvette was even more gorgeous than the woman who had a passionate session with him earlier. 
“Mr. Dane, just take a seat first.” Leaning against the sofa with her legs crossed, Lyna said casually. 
She was not intimidated by Jaxon at all now. Since his unsightly video clip was in her hands at the moment, it also meant that his future would lie in her hands as well. She was sure that he would not dare to reject her request later. 
“Pfft! Ms. Tanner, who is this? What an arrogant woman!” Jaxon raised his voice mockingly at Yvette. He was apparently feeling displeased with Lyna’s attitude. 
After getting used to how the others flattered him all this while, he was easily infuriated by Lyna. 
“Jaxon Dane, how dare you talk to me like this. Let me tell you, from now onwards, you have to follow my instructions. If not, I won’t let you off!” 
Grabbing hold of Jaxon’s weak spot, Lyna was not intimidated by him at all. 
In a split second, Jaxon was trembling with extreme anger. Pointing at Lyna, he gritted, “Fine, you’re the first person who dares to be so rude to me! Let me see how you can talk me into following your so- called instructions!” 
He glared at Yvette as if he was rebuking her for not speaking up for him. As a wave of fury surged within him, he decided to send both Yvette and Lyna to prison by charging both of them with a wrong
deed. 
“Haha! I really doubt if you can continue to be so haughty later!” 
After scoffing at Jaxon, Lyna turned to instruct Yvette, “Take out the goodies now for Mr. Dane. Let’s see how long he will be imprisoned if he is charged with that!” 
Yvette immediately whipped out her phone from her pocket, clicked to play the video clip, and pushed it toward Jaxon. 
In a blink of an eye, Jaxon’s heart skipped a beat. Knowing that he had committed the wrong deed numerous times, he was overcome by an indecipherable uneasiness as he took the phone from Yvette. 
His face fell the moment his eyes caught the unsightly scene in the video clip. Lyna smiled wryly as she looked at the change in Jaxon’s expression. 
“How’s it, Mr. Dane? Do you like this special gift from me? Do you still feel that I’m being rude?” 
Looking at Jaxon triumphantly, Lyna sneered at him, “With the video clip in my hand, as long as you’re not demoted, I want you to be my slave forever!” 
“Don’t beat around the bush. What do you want me to do?” 
Jaxon straight away asked both of the women. He presumed that both of them had been scheming on setting him up long ago. They were undoubtedly making use of this video clip to threaten me into colluding with them.
###Chapter 1284
Chapter 1284 
“Hah. Since Mr. Dane has made it clear, we should be more honest as well. Yvette, tell him what happened.” 
Lyna shook her head and she couldn’t help but smile when she saw Jaxon’s body go limp. 
“Mr. Dane, it happened like this…” 
Yvette started to confess to him about how she hurt Hannah and he couldn’t stop himself from sighing after listening. Am I supposed to help her deal with Fabian? What kind of joke is that? 
“I don’t think I can help you after you’ve done something like this. Fabian’s such an influential and powerful man. A nobody like me challenging him is basically just a death trap. I think you should just forget about it,” he said menacingly. 
So the reason she arranged for a woman to accompany me was just to take videos to threaten me. 
“I don’t know if he’s actually powerful and influential. But I do know that if I hand this thing to your higher-ups, you’d probably be spending the rest of your life in prison.” 
Yvette waved Lyna’s phone before Jaxon’s face and said while smiling. 
“I…” 
The man regretted his choices immensely. Why do I always have to fool around with women when I have nothing to do? Now I ended up falling into the hands of a woman. 
“Of course, we don’t want you to be in such a dilemma. You just need to be a little sloppy with this matter and we’ll handle the rest.”
Lyna knew that it would be impossible to ask Jaxon to constantly go against Fabian so she intentionally loosened up her conditions a little. 
As long as Jaxon does his part and is finally on board with our plan, I won’t have to worry that he wouldn’t obey me anymore. 
If he doesn’t obey me, I’ll just let Fabian know about everything. Knowing his personality, I believe that Jaxon has nowhere to run to anymore. 
“I-If Fabian knows that Yvette has been released, he will definitely come to me. Wouldn’t I-” 
Jaxon didn’t know what he should do all of a sudden. One of them was someone who could cause his downfall with just a simple talk with his higher-ups, while the other was someone who had his indecent video clips. Both of them were people he couldn’t afford to offend. 
“Hmph! You really want to go down that road, Jaxon? What you choose to do is up to you.” 
Lyna stared at him and deliberately pretended to be angry as she spoke. Once she was done speaking, she turned her head the other way and stopped looking at Jaxon. 
In truth, she was actually very anxious. The choice he was going to make would affect his dom for the rest of his life. If I don’t agree, I will have to spend my life in jail. 
Let’s do it then! It’s better to die later than to die now. 
“Okay, I’ll do it. But you have to promise me that you will hand over the original video clip and copies of it to me after this is over. After this mess, we’ll consider both of us to be even and we’ll act like we are strangers. Otherwise, I won’t help you with anything even if you uploaded this video clip online.” 
Lyna snapped her fingers and agreed without hesitating, “Alright. Deal.”
Fabian and the rest left after the joyous song ended. Both Helen and Jason were wasted and he called the driver over to send them home before he left with Hannah to their marital home. 
Of course, they had just gotten married so how could he not enjoy their first night of marriage? Both of them only went to sleep after they did the deed. 
The next day, the morning sun shone on Fabian’s face. Perhaps it was because he drank so much alcohol and even ‘exercised’ last night that he was still not awake at this hour. Meanwhile, Hannah was already done washing up and was preparing breakfast in the kitchen. 
Buzz… Buzz… Buzz… The vibration from the phone woke him up. 
Fabian picked up the phone and answered it, somewhat angry that somebody was calling him early in the morning, “I’ll give you ten seconds to tell me why you’re calling me or you will face the consequences.” 
A trembling voice could be heard on the other end, “Mr. Norton, you were the one who told me to call you at eight in the morning.” 
“Huh?” 
The former was confused. Why didn’t I know that I needed someone to call and wake me up?
###Chapter 1285
Chapter 1285 
Upon hearing his doubtful voice, the person on the other end quickly explained, “You told me to compile the testimonies about the accident during your wedding, and-” 
Having heard that, Fabian suddenly recalled that he had told someone to compile the testimonies. He wanted to teach Lyna a lesson. 
“Alright. I got it. Just send everything to the court. I’m sure you know how to do it.” 
He rubbed his temples and hung up once he was done talking. 
Huh? That silly girl is already up. He finally realized when he couldn’t feel anyone beside him. 
Fabian got out of bed lazily. After leaving the room, he instantly saw Hannah making breakfast in the kitchen and he quickly walked over to her. 
She was frying an egg at the moment when she suddenly felt an arm around her waist. Her body trembled instinctively and she quickly turned her head when her lips crashed into Fabian’s. 
She was about to say something but he pressed his lips against hers. 
Fabian finally stopped after a long, passionate kiss. 
“Hey! That’s disgusting. You haven’t brushed your teeth!” Hannah said as she backed away from him while shaking her head. 
“What? You’re disgusted with me already? Right after the wedding? Do you know how many people wish to be kissed by me in the morning? You gotta remember that it’s an honor that I’m kissing you. Don’t say it like I’m taking advantage of you,” he said shamelessly as he pinched her bosom.
“You…” 
The woman was pissed. Why is Fabian so much more thick skin after the wedding? And what did he mean by ‘taking advantage of me’? That’s the truth! 
“What? Don’t you agree?” Fabian said as he leaned closer and loomed over her. 
“Tsk. You’re the one who didn’t brush your teeth. How is it my fault now?” 
Naturally, Hannah was dissatisfied. All she said was the truth. He’s the one who didn’t brush his teeth yet he’s not allowing me to point out the truth? 
“Come bite me if you’re pissed!” 
He took another step towards her and he could clearly feel her soft body on him. 
“I- You’re playing dirty!” 
She was so angry her breathing turned heavy but she had no idea what to do with Fabian. 
The man shrugged and he seemed to have remembered something as he said seriously, “Oh, that’s right. There’s something I need to talk to you about.” 
“What is it?” she huffed. 
He deliberately left her in suspense and said as he made his way to the living room, “Hmm, I don’t really know how to start.” 
“Are you kidding me? What do you mean you don’t know how to start? Who are you afraid of when you’re such a hooligan yourself?”
Hannah rolled her eyes at him and she couldn’t help but twirl around on the spot as she followed his movement. 
“Yes. I agree with you.” 
Fabian stopped walking upon hearing her words. He turned back to her and nodded thoughtfully before continuing, “Actually, what I wanted to say is that your egg… is burnt!” 
“Huh?” 
A confused look appeared on Hannah’s face. What does he mean by my egg is burnt? Why is he talking gibberish so early in the morning? 
“Ah! I’ll kill you!” she shouted when she finally realized that she was still frying the eggs. 
There weren’t any eggs left in the pan anymore by the time she turned to look. All that was left were two round ‘coals’. 
Upon hearing her shout, Fabian’s lips tilted upwards and he went straight for the bathroom. 
I can’t believe that she’s still as silly as ever. It seems like I’ll be able to eat freshly fried eggs once I’m done washing up. 
Sure enough, he saw Hannah holding a plate in her left hand and a cup of milk in her right the moment he came out of the bathroom. 
“Thanks, Honey. Thank you for your hard work,” he said courteously. 
“Make your own breakfast if you want to eat. I didn’t make any for you.”
###Chapter 1286
Chapter 1286 
Fabian began to get slightly angry when he heard what she said. She’s obviously doing this on purpose. 
As she spoke, Hannah walked to the dining room without batting him another eye and started to enjoy her breakfast. 
Fabian stood right where he was and shook his head. He knew that she had definitely made him breakfast but she was just being stubborn. With that, he made his way into the kitchen. 
“Oh my. Seriously? I’ve got to make my own food when I’ve already gotten married. Fortunately, I’ve got some skills. Otherwise, I would be starved to death.” 
Then, he walked to Hannah with a plate in hand before sitting down beside her. 
You’re shameless! I was just joking and now you’re feeling smug? I shouldn’t have fried the egg for you. Let’s see what you’d say when that happens. 
“You talk as though what you said was true,” Hannah huffed as she rolled her eyes. 
She had indeed noticed that Fabian had changed a lot. He would never eat breakfast with her in the past. Each time, she would have to eat two portions of food by herself and it made her put on weight. 
Besides, he always had a stern look on his face, as if she had done something terribly wrong. Now, however, he was smiling more and looked so much more pleasant. 
Whatever. As long as you’re changing for the better then it’s fine. It’s just that you’re so much more shameless than you were in the past.
“Mmm. It seems like my cooking has improved,” Fabian praised after taking a bite. 
“You-” It was me! I was the one who made that! 
“Um… About Yvette’s matter?” Hannah asked when she suddenly thought of it. 
“Hmm? What about Yvette?” he asked with a smile. 
He clearly knows what I’m talking about! She knew that he was deliberately asking her that. Even though he had done that, she still couldn’t stop herself from worrying. So she asked sulkily, “You promised me that you’ll let the police handle this. You said that you wouldn’t intervene.” 
As she spoke, Fabian’s phone rang and it was a call from the person he instructed to handle Yvette’s matter. He answered it and turned it on speaker mode. 
“Mr. Norton, I have filed a lawsuit with the court and they have issued a subpoena. The hearing will be held today.” 
“Alright, I got it. Remember, whatever happens in the court, stays. We will not intervene with the court’s decision.” he purposely said as he glanced at Hannah. 
“Yes, Mr. Norton.” 
Fabian hung up once he heard the person’s reply. 
“You heard that, didn’t you? Are you relieved now?” he asked. 
In all honesty, he was actually worried about Hannah’s kindness. If she continues on, she will still get the short end of the stick even if I’m here. Luckily she’s already promised me that this will be the last time.
Just as Fabian said, she finally heaved a sigh of relief after hearing the person’s reply. She was too kind. If someone’s life was ruined all because they had bullied her, her conscience would be greatly condemned. Regina was an example of it. 
She then smiled and said to Fabian, “Thank you.” 
Hmm? He was about to continue with his breakfast. However, when he heard her words, he couldn’t help but nod. We’re already a family. Why is she thanking me as if she’s some distant stranger? 
So he replied with a smile, “If that’s the case, you’ll be the one in charge of washing the dishes today.” 
“Huh?” Hannah uttered, unable to react. 
By the time she came to a realization, Fabian had already repeated his sentence another time. 
Hmph! You talk as though you’ve washed the dishes previously. 
She rolled her eyes and said as she took a glance at him, “Um… I lost our bet. What do you want me to do?” 
I have to do it anyway. Let’s just get this done and over with. I’m starting to feel pressured when he’s not saying anything about it. 
“Hmm… This isn’t an urgent matter. I’ll tell you when I think of something.” 
Fabian was already done with his breakfast by then. He got up and paced towards the study. 
“Today’s breakfast was great. Make them for me every day from now on.”
###Chapter 1287
Chapter 1287 
He added as he stopped walking halfway. Once he was done speaking, he continued making his way to the study again. 
Hannah let out a deep, long breath and she couldn’t help but feel happy as she watched him leave. 
Although Fabian was so much thicker skin than he was in the past, he was treating her better now. She could deeply feel his love for her and she couldn’t ask for more from her husband. 
Yvette got the court’s verdict the moment she woke up and soon enough, someone arrived at her house to take her away. However, she wasn’t scared at all. It seemed to her that as long as Lyna was around, nothing would happen to her. 
Before she was arrested, she made a call to Lyna. 
The latter had not been idle because of this either as she was busy calling people to make up fake statements. Once everything was done, she finally put down her phone and rested on the couch. 
She spent a lot of energy in the making of her own bulletproof vest. Fortunately, Yvette completely trusted her so it was all worth it in the end. 
“Lynnie, someone sent this to you earlier. I didn’t want to disturb you since you were busy,” Felicia said. 
Her daughter answered softly before taking the documents she was holding. 
When Felicia found out that Fabian and Hannah were involved in a car accident on their wedding day, she had a feeling that her daughter was greatly involved in that incident. Now that she saw Lyna making so many calls early in the morning, she couldn’t help but feel worried.
“I’m not trying to be annoying, Lynnie, but I know Fabian. He’s difficult to deal with. You mustn’t ruin your own life because of hatred.” 
Upon hearing that, Lyna furrowed her brows and answered, “Don’t worry, I know what I’m doing. I always think things through before I do anything. You don’t have to worry about me.” 
“Hey!” 
Felicia didn’t know what to say to her daughter who was determined to go her own way. After heaving a sigh, she turned and left to her own room. 
Meanwhile, the latter said nothing else as she picked up the documents and started reading through them. 
“Hahaha. Even the heavens are helping me. Oh, Fabian. Let’s see if I can win against you this time,” she mumbled to herself. 
She couldn’t help but feel overjoyed after reading the contents of the documents and she threw it on the coffee table after that. 
Written in the documents was information about Fabian’s company relating to embezzlement and other matters. She had spent a fortune to hire someone to investigate the matters and her next step was to target Fabian. 
With a smile still on her face, she picked up the documents again and took a few photos of them with her phone. 
“Hello? I need you to call the numbers I sent you. I don’t care how you do it but make sure that they meet me at the teahouse,” Lyna dialed a number on her phone and ordered the person on the other end.
“Yes. Right away,” the person answered immediately. 
Even though he didn’t know why she wanted to meet these people, he knew that Lyna was just like his golden goose. She was generous with payments and he managed to earn a fortune from working for her. 
“I didn’t expect Fabian’s company to have bad apples like them. But I do have to thank them. Without them, I really have no idea what to do. Hahaha!” she murmured to herself and couldn’t help but laugh out loud. 
In the meantime, Fabian was already at his company and was busy with his work. 
Hannah had also gone to work as she still had an awful mess to clean up. 
She couldn’t stop herself from feeling frustrated at the thought of all the complicated matters. Why do you have to set up a special team? How troublesome. The bad blood between Fabian and Xavier put her in a difficult position but she still had to conduct the interview. 
The woman shook her head and was feeling anguished. She gave herself a word of encouragement before walking into the company’s entrance. 
Lyna was waiting in one of the private rooms of the teahouse as she enjoyed her cup of tea. At the same time, five people were sitting opposite her. None of them knew each other and they were all glancing at each other, confused at what was happening. 
Clack. The private room’s door opened once again and a middle-aged man wearing a suit and tie walked in. He stood upright and it was obvious that he was no ordinary man.
###Chapter 1288
Chapter 1288 
“Mr. man!” 
“Mr. man!” 
As the man walked in, the few people who were sitting opposite Lyna rose and greeted him. 
The man in question was Wayne man, the general manager of Phoenix Group. The others in the room were leaders of Phoenix Group’s subsidiaries. As they had to report about their work regularly, they knew who Wayne was. 
A flicker of surprise flashed across Wayne’s face. He did not know why the rest of them were there. 
Wasn’t Mr. Norton looking for me? Did he call for them too? It can’t be! 
Wayne nodded, greeting the few of them, before turning to Lyna with a questioning look. 
Who’s this woman? Mr. Norton’s wife? She looked a little different at the wedding! 
He continued to ponder about the situation. She’s able to attend such an event and can even sit on that seat. Even if she’s not Mr. Norton’s wife, she’s definitely someone with status. Thus, he stretched his hand out to Lyna and said, “Hello, I’m Wayne man, the general manager of Phoenix Group.” 
“Hello,” replied Lyna as she put down her cup to shake his hand. 
She said with a smile, “Please take a seat, Mr. man.” 
Judging by her behavior, Wayne was even more certain of his previous thoughts and could not help but rejoice at his choice of actions.
Once Lyna saw Wayne and a few others taking their seats, she said, “I’ve called everyone here today because there are some things that I want to discuss.” 
Several people could not help but become curious. Who is she? Why did she use Mr. Norton’s name to call me in for a meeting? Why did she even call me here? 
Noticing their curious looks, Lyna laughed as she took out a document. She glanced at everyone before she pointed to the document and began to read it loudly. “Wayne man, the general manager of Phoenix Group, was found misappropriating twenty million from company funds on this date here, to buy his mistress a luxurious house.” 
Wayne’s expression instantly darkened. Now that she had exposed him so publicly, how would he survive in the company from then on? 
Recalling her status, Wayne could not help but suck in a breath of air in surprise. Don’t tell me Mr. Norton found out about this? Is he coming for me now? 
The remaining people began to have an ominous premonition. Their eyes widened as they stared back and forth between Lyna and Wayne, with their gazes full of surprise and fear. 
What’s wrong? Anxious? There’s no hurry; the show hasn’t even started. 
Lyna smiled, then pointed at the next line on the document and continued, “On this date, he had…” 
With every line she spoke, Wayne’s expression continued to worsen. When she was about to read the fourth line, he could not take it any longer. Wayne shouted, “Enough! Stop reading it!” 
He was about to have a mental breakdown at that point. If Fabian found out about his wrongdoings, it was not just a matter of getting fired. Since he had been working for Fabian for so many years, Wayne
knew his temper well. When the time came, it would be considered an act of kindness if Fabian just killed him right away. 
“Why? Don’t dare to admit what you’ve done?” mocked Lyna as she looked at Wayne, who had paled. 
When she noticed the other people in the room looking at her, she slowly narrowed her eyes. “Why? Are you guys surprised? Should I read out yours now?” 
“Don’t, don’t…” 
“No, no, no.” 
Several people had also started to wave their hands in refusal. 
Looking at how they were acting, Lyna could not help but mock Fabian. “Huh! I feel sorry for Fabian. No matter how capable he is, he’s destined to fail since his subordinates are such lowlifes like you!” 
She’s calling Mr. Norton by his name? She’s definitely not his wife and surely isn’t even on his side! 
Once he had that realization, Wayne abruptly stood up and said, “You’re not working for Mr. Norton! Who are you? Why did you call us over using his name?” 
She scoffed. “I’d never said anything about working for Fabian.”
###Chapter 1289
Chapter 1289 
Lyna then stood up as well and walked over to Wayne. 
When the others heard her words, they had also quickly risen from their seats and studied her with vigilant eyes. 
“Don’t get too excited and just take a seat. Shouldn’t all of you be glad that I’m not working for him? Think about it. If he knew about what you did, what would he do? Moreover, there are so many of you, and even his trusted general manager is involved! Have you ever seen him get angry? I don’t think so, right?” 
Lyna had walked over to Wayne as she spoke. She then patted him on the shoulder and smiled as she continued, “Because those who’d seen it no longer exist in Baykeep.” 
As soon as she said those words, Wayne paled in fright. He slumped onto his seat, staring dazedly into space, seemingly lost in his thoughts. 
The others in the room looked around at each other. As leaders of Fabian’s subsidiary companies, they definitely knew how scary he was. While following him allowed them to earn big bucks, if they became his enemies, Fabian would treat them ruthlessly. For this reason, they both loved and feared him. 
Consequently, the people present were convinced that Lyna had evidence of their “wrongdoings.” If it fell into Fabian’s hands, the consequences would be unimaginable. The people all became meek with fright, acting as if they had just lost their souls. 
Looking at their faces, Lyna was pleased. She raised her eyebrows and narrowed her eyes before breaking into a soft smile. She then said faintly, “However! I could help all of you cover up this matter.”
Upon hearing her words, everyone could not help but shudder in excitement as they said, “Really? Thank you!” 
Wayne’s gaze darkened as he stared at Lyna, then asked, “Who exactly are you? What are you trying to do by collecting all this evidence against us?” 
As the general manager of Phoenix Group that Fabian hand-picked, Wayne was no stupid man. By that time, he had already roughly guessed Lyna’s motives. 
“Oh? What do you mean? If I hadn’t been genuinely concerned about you all, I’d already have given all this information to Fabian a long time ago. Ask yourselves. After I give it to him, what would be the consequences?” 
Since she had gotten hold of pieces of evidence of their wrongdoing, naturally, she was unafraid and spoke confidently. 
Yet, Wayne simply stared at Lyna wordlessly. 
“Of course, if I help all of you, shouldn’t you also help me in return? Wouldn’t it be good for us to help each other?” she asked. 
“As long as you don’t tell Mr. Norton… Just tell us whatever you want. If we have the means to do it, we’ll do our best,” someone said. 
He was the decision-maker of a large company and had often been criticized by Fabian because of his company’s poor performance. Therefore, he was afraid of Lyna exposing their secrets to Fabian. 
“Exactly, just tell us.” 
“Just say it.”
The others quickly agreed. 
Lyna glanced at Wayne, who had kept silent, and started to describe her plan. “I believe what I’m about to say should not be difficult for any of you. You just need to… Then…” 
“Stop it! Don’t you guys understand yet? She’s just using us to go against Mr. Norton!” 
Wayne could not help but sigh when he heard Lyna’s plans, for it increasingly confirmed his suspicions. 
“Don’t say that. Mr. man, this is called cooperation. Don’t you guys agree?” replied Lyna as she shook her head, paying no attention to Wayne’s words. 
“This… doesn’t seem very good,” said someone. The others in the room nodded inwardly, agreeing that it was too dangerous. 
“Have you ever heard of the saying ‘nothing ventured, nothing gained?’ If our plan is successful, your annual salaries will at least quadruple. What do you guys think?” asked Lyna, trying to tempt them.
###Chapter 1290
Chapter 1290 
Everyone’s eyes lit up. Clearly, this condition had successfully tempted them. 
“Think about it. How can Mr. Norton be defeated over such a small thing? Did all of you forget that the Norton family already has over fifty percent of the shares in this company?” 
Although Wayne was afraid that Fabian would find out about his embezzlement, he was even more afraid of becoming his arch enemy. Since he was the general manager of Phoenix Group, needless to say, he was very familiar with Fabian’s brutal methods. 
Lyna frowned when she noticed Wayne being intimidated. 
Immediately, she smiled faintly and softened her tone. Without Wayne, her plans would collapse, and she would not be able to accomplish anything. 
“Mr. man, you’re worrying too much. When the time comes, Fabian will be too overwhelmed by his own matters to go and punish you.” 
She paused, then continued, “If everyone is still worried, I do have a way to make him unable to bring up this matter!” 
Everyone hesitated, suspicious. 
Lyna spoke again. “It’s simple. Just push it onto someone else. For example, push it to Wayne. Then, Wayne can push it to Mr. Dane, saying that he’d received news that the stock market was about to collapse, so you were forced to do it for the sake of the company. What do you all think?” 
As soon as she was done speaking, Lyna studied the people in silence. She was certain that this would make them agree to her plan. If they still disagreed, she would not hesitate to expose the evidence and
let Fabian punish all of them. That would also allow others to see the consequences of not agreeing to work with her. 
The evidence she had gathered was not merely limited to the few people present. As Phoenix Group was the country’s largest company, its subsidiaries had their own flaws as well. Therefore, aside from Wayne, Lyna did not care about the rest of them. If they did not agree, Fabian would punish them when he found out about it anyway. 
“Are you sure this works?” asked someone, as they all still had their suspicions. 
“Huh, I guess I’ll have to tell Fabian about this. Figure it out yourselves then. Just don’t blame me as I already reminded you,” replied Lyna casually as she shrugged. 
“Please, wait! Let’s discuss this through, okay?” 
Upon hearing that she was about to report it to Fabian, the people became anxious. 
“We’re fine. The main issue is…” said a man, as his eyes flickered over to Wayne. 
Naturally, Lyna understood what he meant. 
Wayne quickly ran through the pros and cons of the situation in his mind. He had been dedicated to the company for so many years and had helped it benefit a lot. Even if Fabian found out about his embezzlement, he would not punish him too heavily. 
As he thought of this, Wayne shook his head. That was impossible since Fabian hated such people the most. Previously, he had said that if he found out about such an issue, he would punish the person involved severely.
Would it be better if I just do as she says when he comes to question me about it later on? After all, I wouldn’t have known what was going on, so I did it because I had the company’s interests at heart. At the very most, he can punish me for improper operations. 
“Then Mr. Dane…” he asked. He was getting convinced. 
A smile unconsciously spread out on Lyna’s face. She hurriedly said, “Don’t worry about that. We’ve already spoken to him. He’ll fully cooperate with us.” 
“Okay! I agree!” said Wayne eventually as he gritted his teeth. 
Instead of letting Fabian deal with him, he felt that it was better to take a gamble. Perhaps he could have a better chance at survival then. 
After Wayne pondered for a while, he said, “But you’ll have to promise that you’ll no longer contact us about this matter when it’s over. You have to hand over all the original and backup copies of the evidence that you’d gathered. Oh, and tell me who’s the mole.” He would rather choose to face Fabian’s punishment over becoming enslaved to Lyna forever just because of one issue.
###Chapter 1291
Chapter 1291 
He had asked who Lyna’s mole was because he wanted to stop leaks. Furthermore, this also served as a reminder that after the whole thing is over, he had to borrow some money and return it to the company before doing anything else. 
The others in the room all nodded in agreement at Wayne’s words. Then, they turned to Lyna. 
A sly smile flashed across her face, but she hid it very quickly. “No problem. I can promise you that no matter things are successful or not, as long as all of you listen to what I say, we’ll have nothing to do with each other in the future. How about that?” 
“Okay,” replied Wayne as he nodded in agreement. Subsequently, he left the meeting alongside a few other people. 
“Huh! He’s the general manager even though his IQ is so low. Looks like Fabian’s company isn’t that great after all,” said Lyna, as she smiled and shook her head. 
Then, she retrieved her phone and called another group of people. If she continued on this way, she would be able to cause a big impact on Fabian and eventually cause his demise. 
“The court verdict has been announced.” 
At the same time, Fabian was leaning on the sofa lazily as he watched the television. He had just received a call from his assistant, who said that Yvette’s sentence had been announced. 
Hannah was eating some grapes, which were so sour that she squinted her eyes, looking rather comical. When she heard what Fabian said, she got excited. “Huh? The result’s out? So fast? How is it? How long’s the sentence?”
Fabian had also found it rather strange. Although he had not intervened in the matter, Yvette was a popular celebrity after all. Therefore, it was impossible that there was no appeal, and they sentenced her after only one court session. 
He frowned and stuck out two of his fingers. “Sentenced to two years of imprisonment.” 
“Ah? Two years?” 
Hannah was speechless. I’d almost died. How could they only sentence her to two years? No matter what, it’s considered premeditated murder. Sigh, it looks like money’s what matters. If it were Fabian who pursued the matter, maybe she’d have been sentenced to life imprisonment instead. 
“Fine, two years then. Maybe it’s just fate.” 
Hannah laughed, then turned to look at Fabian. 
She noticed that he looked upset and realized that he probably also thought the matter was not handled well. Thus, she walked over and wrapped her arms around him, then sat before Fabian as she began to behave coquettishly. 
“Come on, don’t be upset. We’re both fine anyway, right? If it’s only two years, then so be it. She got punished anyway, so let’s not make things difficult for her anymore,” said Hannah lightly. 
In reality, Fabian had already expected things to turn out this way. However, he was just curious as to why she was sentenced so quickly. Looking at the pouting Hannah, he was dumbfounded. I haven’t even said anything yet, so why’s she acting this way? She’s making it seem like I’m a terrible person that wants to put Yvette to death. She had never acted so coquettishly before. Since it is a rare sight, I’d better take advantage of it while I can.
Fabian’s expression darkened as he thought about it. He looked at Hannah and asked, “Do you really not want me to interfere in this matter?” 
As soon as she heard his words, she quickly nodded as she felt that there was some hope. 
“Beg me,” continued Fabian. He had purposely lowered his voice and said it in a very reluctant tone. 
She took off her shoes and jumped onto the sofa, then crawled beside his legs and tugged on his sleeve with her small hands. “Please, I’m begging you. Let’s not do that, okay? Let’s leave this matter as it is,” she said in a pitiful tone. 
Looking at Hannah behave in that manner, Fabian was delighted. Her behavior made her very lovable. She had never spoken to him like that before. 
Although he was enjoying it, he kept on a displeased expression. He looked at her and said in a doubtful tone, “Huh? Is this how you beg people? Looks like I really have to go soft on her.” 
Hannah suddenly understood what Fabian meant – he was not pleased with her. However, she honestly did not know what tone she should have used while pleading with someone.
###Chapter 1292
Chapter 1292 
She ran her fingers through her hair in confusion. 
Sigh! If I’m destined to be doomed, so be it! At least it works like a charm for the protagonists in soap operas! 
After Hannah made up her mind, she approached Fabian and took a seat on his lap. Pouting her lips, she leaned forward and looked at him in the eyes with a coquettish look. She begged intimately, “Can you please forget about it? I’m afraid I won’t be able to move on!” 
He could barely pull himself together due to her mellifluous voice and babelicious look. As she started twitching, his body responded accordingly. 
Staring at her in the eyes, he behaved as though he couldn’t wait to devour her. 
As he licked his lips, he leaned forward in an attempt to kiss her. 
Unfortunately, he failed to achieve his goals because two slender fingers stopped him when his lips were a few inches away from hers. 
“Shh… Why don’t you take everything into consideration and see if I’m able to influence your decision? In the meantime, let’s take our time and appreciate the other party’s presence.” 
Hannah was a little shy; she had mimicked the plot of a few soap operas she had watched. Don’t the characters of the soap opera have a better way to achieve their goals? 
All of a sudden, Fabian was clueless about his next best course of action. What do you mean we’re supposed to take our time? It’s out of the question, okay?
“Can you please promise me?” 
Hannah arched her brows and ran her fingers all over Fabian’s head, from his cheeks to his neck and all the way to his chest. 
“Okay.” 
He couldn’t suppress the urge he felt anymore because of her bewitching look. To be precise, he couldn’t wait to have her underneath him. 
After caving in to her request, he wrapped his arms around her. Similarly, she played along and lay on top of him. 
I guess there’s a reason this is the most common method portrayed in soap operas to seduce a man, huh? 
Since it works like a charm against an indifferent man like Fabian, I don’t think there’s anyone I can’t charm. Perhaps not every plot in soap operas is fictional! 
“Ah!” 
As Hannah lost herself in a train of thoughts, she felt someone fondling her busty figures. Subconsciously, she moaned as her body unwittingly convulsed. 
Consequently, she felt a certain something around her pelvic area after she inched away from her initial position. As Fabian was overwhelmed by the wonderful sensation, he stopped holding back, teasing Hannah with everything he had to offer. 
Similarly, she flushed as she could clearly feel them entangling together. She secretly reprimanded herself as she indulged in the session.
You’re such a fool! Since you had seen this coming, why didn’t you do anything to stop him? You don’t have to follow the plot of the soap operas anymore! 
She regretted her decision, yet there wasn’t anything else she could do to change the outcome. 
As he carried on with an amorous kiss, it was only a matter of time before he got on top of her and finished the things she had started. 
Damn it! I’m not going to watch any soap operas in the future! 
As she thought about it, she started moaning and panting. 
In an isolated prison in Baykeep, the warden yelled, “Yvette.” 
When she heard the warden, she brought herself up and approached the entrance. 
“Follow me! Someone’s here to visit you!” 
After the warden opened the door, he moved aside and muttered to himself, “I guess having a gorgeous appearance is quite advantageous, huh? Someone shows up to visit you the moment you’re convicted.” 
Yvette grinned because she thought someone was there to get her out of the jail. Lyna is quite reliable, isn’t she? 
She marched alongside the warden and shook her head as she thought about the things that would be in store for her after she made her way out. Although it would be the end of her career, she wasn’t worried because she had a lot of savings after working hard over the years.
###Chapter 1293
Chapter 1293 
Once she sorted out the things bothering her, she had reached the visiting room. 
The warden couldn’t be bothered by Yvette’s identity at all. He deadpanned his announcement, “Hurry up! You only have five minutes!” 
Over the years, the warden had encountered all sorts of bigshots, including corporate players, politicians, and cartels. As a celebrity, she was merely a trivial character in the prison. 
Similarly, she couldn’t be bothered by the warden’s attitude because she merely wanted to get out of the prison as soon as possible. 
Once she opened the reinforced door, she saw a middle-aged man in a set of formal wear. Yvette had never seen the man before. Nonetheless, she took a seat and reached for the phone, asking with her brows arched, “Are you—” 
The middle-aged man interrupted her and said, “Ms. Tanner, just keep in mind I have been hired by Ms. Blackwood to help you. She has told me every single detail I’m supposed to be aware of. As of now, I have a plan to get you out.” 
When she heard the man’s words, she got pumped up with her emotions written all over her face. She was surprised because Lyna turned out to be far more efficient than she thought. 
“What am I supposed to do? I’ll carry out every single instruction of yours!” 
Yvette was unusually cooperative since she knew he was there to get her out of the tight spot. 
“Ms. Tanner, you just have to—”
The middle-aged man surveyed the surroundings before carrying on with the conversation. 
“As long as you follow my instructions, you’ll be released by tomorrow.” 
Yvette nodded vigorously as she listened to the plan he had devised. 
Staring at the man through the reinforced glass, she nodded and announced, “Alright! Get everything ready based on the devised plan! I’ll get everything done as soon as possible!” 
Suddenly, the warden opened the door and yelled, “Yvette Tanner, time’s up!” 
After a short while, Yvette returned to her cell and ruled out the possibility behind Lyna’s initiative. 
She must be trying her best to rescue me because she needs someone to go against Hannah with her! 
As the thought crossed her mind, Yvette shook her head and muttered to herself, “Hannah, you shouldn’t have offended Lyna in the first place! Perhaps no one would be able to get me out of the jail if you had stayed away from her! I guess I owe you one for my dom, huh?” 
She knew she didn’t have much idle time because she needed to devise a plan to get the better of Hannah. As Lyna had been pulling the strings behind the scenes all this while, should she fail to live up to Lyna’s expectations, Lyna might give up on her. 
Meanwhile, after a wild and raunchy session, Fabian clasped his arms around Hannah’s skinny waist. He announced with a frown, “I’m head over heels for the current you.” 
She was at a loss for words to defend herself and blamed herself for mimicking the plot of soap operas. 
Shaking her head, she replied in a hushed voice, “Why can’t I get used to it, though?” 
As she recalled she was the one who had started everything, she flushed embarrassedly once again.
He enjoyed the presence of a shy Hannah the most. As she had initiated the session, he felt a sense of achievement. 
Overwhelmed by the pleasure associated with the session, when Fabian caught a glimpse of Hannah’s reddened cheeks, he smirked and suggested, “It’s fine. I will teach you the proper way to enjoy yourself in the future. I’m pretty sure you’re going to like it.” 
When she heard him, she could feel her cheeks burning again. Consequently, she clenched her fist and threw a few punches at Fabian’s chest. 
“Stop teasing me!” 
What do you mean by teaching me the proper way to enjoy myself? Stop making it sound like I’m an amateur! I will never learn to enjoy such a raunchy session because I’m not that lustful! 
As she thought about it, she scowled at him while trying to move away from him because of the dirty thoughts he had in mind.
###Chapter 1294
Chapter 1294 
Smiling, Fabian shook his head and wondered the reason Hannah had a hard time getting used to it when they were married for a little more than a year. With that being said, he enjoyed being around a reserved Hannah because he could tease her. 
Staring at her departing figure, he started sizing her up. 
I guess she has improved, huh? I believe my initiative to make her open up to enjoy the session has finally worked. 
The call he received snapped him out of his imagination. As he was glad she had initiated the session, he was in a great mood. He picked up the phone without a second thought and asked with a grin, “Hello? What’s wrong?” 
The person on the other end hesitated when he heard Fabian’s joyful tone because he had bad news that might ruin Fabian’s great mood. 
Consequently, he stuttered, “Mr. Norton, I have just received the news of…” 
“What?” 
Fabian had a bad feeling about it the moment he heard the person stuttering. He wondered if anything had gone wrong. 
“Mr. Dane from Baykeep is trying to get Yvette out of the jail; perhaps she will be acquitted of all counts soon.” 
“What? Acquitted of all counts?”
Fabian frowned and wondered if Jaxon was unconscious of the grudges he held against Yvette. What on earth is wrong with him? How dare he try to defy me? Is he not in his right mind? 
After he gave it a thought, his eyes narrowed to a slit. He asked, “Is he aware I’m the reason she has been thrown behind bars in the first place?” 
The person on the other end answered, “Mr. Norton, I believe he’s aware because it’s not an easy task to get Yvette acquitted of all counts. Most of the officials in town are aware of the causality of the incident because Mr. Dane has gone to great lengths to persuade them.” 
They must have gathered every single detail they needed since they were determined to bail her out. 
Irked by the bad news, Fabian subconsciously grasped his phone with all his might. 
He couldn’t believe there were imbecile fools who would challenge his authority when he was the most influential figure in Baykeep. 
Fabian’s eyes glinted angrily as he instructed in a callous tone, “I want you to send someone to negotiate the terms with Jaxon and get him to stay out of Yvette’s matter at once. I have shown Yvette mercy, but if he insists on challenging my limits, I don’t mind taking them out together.” 
“Yes, Mr. Norton! I’ll get going at once!” The person took note of Fabian’s instructions because he was serious about it. 
Usually, no matter how capable they might be, corporate players would refrain from picking on those with political backgrounds because their potential gains might be adversely affected. 
In other words, both parties had always coexisted. As Fabian had waged war against one of the most influential political figures in Baykeep, he must have made up his mind to brace himself through the things that might be awaiting him.
After the call, Fabian crossed his legs and lost himself in a train of thoughts because he couldn’t figure out the reason behind Jaxon’s action. 
Yvette doesn’t have the things it takes to get Jaxon to do her biddings! Who could be the powerful figure pulling the strings behind the scenes? 
As Yvette was thrown behind bars after she attempted to kill Hannah, Fabian was worried she would try something silly again. He couldn’t afford to expose Hannah to uncertainties anymore. Thus, he would never allow others to get Yvette out of jail. 
He reached for his phone and called the person in charge of his personal intel network. “Gather every information of Yvette, especially her connections with those from the upper echelon. Also, get your hands on the people who are in close touch with Jaxon these days. Try to figure out if there’s any mutual connection between them.” 
After he delivered his instruction and hung up the call, he couldn’t suppress the murderous intent he had been keeping to himself anymore.
###Chapter 1295
Chapter 1295 
Jaxon, I hope you’re not going to regret your decision! You should have appreciated your role as the chief and stay out of my sight! Do you really think I can’t do anything to take you out because of your identity? How am I supposed to reach where I am today without my own connections and trump cards that are hidden up my sleeves? 
Fabian had a smug look because he deemed Jaxon an imbecile fool who should have known his place. 
Meanwhile, in the president’s office of Jackson Group, Xavier lit a cigarette and looked out the window with an aggrieved expression, puffing on the cigarette. 
Xavier, whose mind was completely blank, muttered to himself, “When will I ever encounter another woman as exceptional as Hannah?” 
A few seconds later, he shook his head and said, “I guess there’s no use trying to force her into submission, huh?” 
Truth be told, Xavier was deeply in love with Hannah. After the series of initiatives he had taken to court her, he stopped interacting with other women and turned into a loyal man. Unfortunately, the only one Hannah had in mind was Fabian. 
After Xavier put out the cigarette on the ashtray, he reached for his phone and called his assistant. “Investigate the reason behind Jaxon’s decision and send someone to protect Ms. Young.” 
He paused before adding, “Hire a few top-notch hitmen to keep her safe and keep this a secret from Fabian if it’s possible.” 
As Xavier was serious about Hannah, he was concerned about her wellbeing. To prevent getting in Fabian’s way, there was only so much he could do.
Afraid of offending Xavier, his assistant replied in a hushed voice, “Mr. Jackson, since Ms. Young has gotten married, don’t you think—” 
“What? Are you trying to teach me the proper way to do things? Just get going and carry out my instructions!” 
Xavier replied in a petulant manner and hung up the call after he made himself clear. 
Sigh… I’m fully aware she’s married to another man, but… 
He shook his head helplessly and started sulking again. 
Meanwhile, Hannah, who had returned to work, had a lot of things on her plate because of the newly established team. She spent her lunchtime with her team discussing the details of their work. 
Fabian had a lot of things to deal with on his end as well. As he had to go through all sorts of documents and agreements, he spent most of his time working. 
Nonetheless, he had been keeping an eye on Hannah’s matter because nothing, including a million- dollar deal, could possibly take priority over Hannah. 
Fabian burst into laughter after he received the intel regarding Yvette and Jaxon. “Ha! Have you decided to pick on me because of a woman? I’m speechless, Jaxon!” 
Through the compiled report, he found out Yvette brought another celebrity to meet Jaxon on the night before she was taken into custody. He thought Jaxon had been seduced by the woman and he wasn’t aware Jaxon was actually blackmailed. 
“Go get me the woman with the name of Shanice at once! I can’t wait to meet the woman that has seduced our beloved Mr. Dane in person!” he delivered his instruction through the phone.
Soon, Shanice, who was brought over, felt unease because she had heard all sorts of things about Fabian. On top of that, she was conscious of the reason Yvette was thrown behind bars. 
She regretted being part of Yvette’s plan. Immediately after Jaxon called and reprimanded her, Fabian approached her and invited her over. If Fabian thought she had something to do with the accident, she might be doomed for real. 
As Shanice made her way to Fabian’s office, she started brainstorming the way to defend herself. 
When they reached the entrance of Fabian’s office, the receptionist said, “Mr. Norton has been anticipating your arrival. Please make your way in.” 
“Alright, thanks.”
###Chapter 1296
Chapter 1296 
Colors had long drained from Shanice’s face. As her heart started racing, she knocked on the door before entering the office. 
“Who is she? Why has Mr. Norton asked her over after his marriage? Is she Mr. Norton’s mistress?” The receptionist muttered to herself before returning to her position. 
As Shanice entered the office, she stared at the man behind the table, yet he was in the middle of perusing the documents, showing no intention to talk to her. 
After a few minutes, Fabian put the contract aside after he signed it. Once he was done, he raised his head and sized up Shanice who was in front of him. 
“Are you Shanice?” 
He was slightly disappointed by the woman’s look because he thought she didn’t have the things it would take to charm Jaxon into picking a fight with him. 
Is it because Jaxon thinks I’m an easy target or is it because he has a weird kink for women like this? 
Although Shanice was gorgeous, she was nothing close to the socialite Fabian would encounter on a daily basis. 
“Tsk! Tsk! Tsk! You’re not even a match for Hannah!” Fabian exclaimed as he had his eyes glued to Shanice. 
When Shanice heard him, she thought she had misperceived the reason she was summoned there. 
Has he summoned me because of my look instead of the accident?
Shanice was stunned when she thought about it. Seconds after she gathered her thoughts, she ran her fingers through her hair and looked Fabian in the eyes. 
He felt a chill running down his spine and knew she had misperceived his words, thinking he had a thing for her. 
“Are you Shanice?” Slouching against the chair, he deadpanned his question after losing interest in the woman. 
He couldn’t help but wonder if his subordinates had sent the wrong person to his office. 
When Shanice heard him, she nodded and asserted, “Yes.” 
“Are you aware Yvette has been taken into custody?” 
Fabian cut the small talk and brought up the things he had in mind because he was certain the woman dared not try anything silly in front of him. 
The moment Shanice heard Yvette’s name, she shuddered in fear because she was afraid Fabian would put her life at stake. 
She stuttered, “I-I’m aware, Mr. Norton…” 
As he wouldn’t move his eyes away from her, she thought he had misperceived her words. Thus, she immediately explained, “Although I’m aware Yvette has been imprisoned, the accident has nothing to do with me! I swear upon my name!” 
She raised her hand and announced, “If and only if I have lied…” 
Has she lost her mind or something? I’m pretty sure she has been made use of by Yvette because of her limited intelligence. Fabian was rendered speechless by the foolish woman’s action. He had no
intention to take things out on her because he was certain she was nothing more than a pawn. 
She got increasingly anxious because he wouldn’t stop staring at her in silence. 
As it seemed as though he had his doubts against her words, she announced, “Mr. Norton, you have to believe me! I have been telling the truth!” 
“Stop wasting my time and tell me the things Yvette has told you!” 
He had enough of her and decided it was time to wrap up their conversation. 
“Huh? Oh! She approached me and asked me to do her a favor. I can’t possibly turn down her as we’re under the management of the same company. After I reached her place, she told me she would allow me to play the role of a supporting character in her upcoming drama. I succumbed to temptation, but there was nothing else apart from that!” 
After another few seconds, she asserted, “Oh! On top of that, she failed to uphold her promise after I fulfilled mine! In other words, I had nothing to do with it!”
###Chapter 1297
Chapter 1297 
Are you even in your right mind? Something’s definitely wrong with her if she decides to do you the favor! 
He glanced at her and thought she couldn’t be of much use. Thus, he instructed, “Alright, you’re to go.” 
“H-Huh? O-Okay! I-I’ll get going immediately!” 
Shanice felt as though a boulder had been lifted off her shoulders. She turned around and catapulted in the direction of the entrance. 
When she was about to reach the entrance, Fabian instructed, “Hold on!” 
What? 
“You’re not going to go back on your word, aren’t you?” Shanice started perspiring when she heard him. She turned around and looked at him with a horrified expression. 
Why would I do that? 
Fabian had no intention to explain himself. Instead, he asked, “When you kept Jaxon company, did you notice anything odd about Yvette?” 
“N-No!” Shanice shook her head vigorously. 
The man shook his head in disappointment and beckoned her to leave his office. 
What’s going on? If that was the case, why would Jaxon pick on me? Is something else bothering him?
Even after perusing the compiled information for another time, he couldn’t determine the reason behind Jaxon’s odd behavior. Frowning, he reached for his phone and called his assistant. “Ask Jaxon out on my behalf. I’ll meet him in person.” 
As he couldn’t figure out the reason behind it, he decided to meet Jaxon in person to get to the bottom of his motive. 
“Hey! Are you looking for me?” 
When Helen received a call from Jason, she rushed over to the designated location because he said it was an emergency. 
Jason dragged Helen over and said, “Have a seat!” 
Helen asked with her brows arched in confusion, “What’s going on?” 
She couldn’t help but suspect the reason he had gotten her over. In fact, she thought he was up to no good and was about to drag her into another trouble again. 
“Why are you looking at me in such an odd manner? I have asked you over because of something serious!” 
Jason was irked by Helen’s suspicious look. 
She rolled her eyes and replied petulantly, “What is it about? Stop playing hard to get and act like a man!” 
He cleared his throat as he felt embarrassed by her statement. “Are you aware that Yvette has pulled her connections to get herself out of jail?” 
Shocked by the news, she asked in return, “Huh? Are you sure?”
Is that possible? Yvette is merely a celebrity, isn’t she? How could she possibly be a match for Fabian in terms of power? 
“What about Fabian? Is he aware of the news?” Helen probed further. 
“I’m pretty sure he’s aware of the news, but it’s quite a nasty situation. According to my father, it’s going to be quite challenging because Yvette has acquired the aids of more than half of the powerful figures in Baykeep.” 
Jason, who had joined his father’s company to take over the business, sneaked out of the company after he heard his father’s conversation. 
“Huh? More than half of the powerful figures? Are you sure?” 
Helen had her doubts and thought it was another one of Jason’s attempts to pull her leg, yet his serious expression suggested otherwise. 
He nodded in a serious manner and repeated himself, “I’m not kidding. I heard it from the conversation my father had with Fabian.” 
“What should we do?” 
Helen would never allow Yvette to regain dom after the things she had done to her sister. 
“I have asked you out because I don’t know!” Jason gasped out his reply. 
“What can I do? I’m just a student! Are you sure you’re not trying to pull my leg?” 
Helen was equally frustrated because she thought Jason was there to make fun of her.
“You’re not alone! I’ll be here for you! I just need you to think of something!” he explained when he saw her face puckered in irritation.
###Chapter 1298
Chapter 1298 
“G-Give me a moment to think about it…” 
Helen started brainstorming the things they could do to turn the tables around. 
Meanwhile, Fabian had reached the location he would meet Jaxon. 
Shortly after his arrival, another man opened the door of the private room and made his way in. 
When Fabian saw Jaxon, he greeted with a smile, “Hello, Mr. Dane! Have you been caught up in an accident? What’s taking you so long?” 
Jaxon was conscious it was a sarcastic remark, yet he decided to brush it off because he couldn’t afford to offend Fabian. In the end, he replied with a smile, “I’m so sorry to keep you waiting, Mr. Norton. I was caught up in the middle of something.” 
After an exchange of pleasantries, Jaxon asked, “May I know the reason you have asked me over?” 
Fabian sneered because he was pretty sure Jaxon was well aware of the reason he had been summoned. Are you sure you need a reminder of the things you have done? 
Although he was relatively sarcastic in his mind, he kept his sarcasm to himself and stated, “Please don’t make it sound as though you’re taking orders from me, Mr. Dane. I’m merely here because I need you to enlighten this humble businessman.” 
“You’re way too humble, Mr. Norton. As the owner of the corporate that contributes a lot to the country’s revenue, I’ll definitely tell you everything you need to know. What sort of information do you need from me?”
As a veteran official, Jaxon was a professional of beating around the bush. 
“Since Mr. Dane has brought it up, I’ll stop holding back.” 
After pausing for a few seconds, Fabian continued, “I’m sure you’re aware of the incident that has occurred during my wedding ceremony, aren’t you?” 
Smiling, Jaxon replied, “I believe no one isn’t aware of the accident that almost cost you and your wife’s life, Mr. Norton.” 
Fabian asked with a serious expression, “If that’s the case, you must have heard of the mastermind’s identity, haven’t you?” 
In anticipation of Jaxon’s reply, Fabian had his eyes glued to the man in front of him. 
“I have heard rumors about it, but I’m not exactly sure of the one responsible.” Jaxon gaped at the rhetorical question, feigning shock. 
Ha! Go on with the act! 
Sneering, Fabian announced, “Since Mr. Dane isn’t aware, allow me to enlighten you in return! The mastermind is none other than the A-list celebrity—Yvette!” 
“Are you serious? Hasn’t she risen to fame because of your support over the years? Why has she decided to turn her back against you? Is this a joke, Mr. Norton?” Jaxon asked, behaving as though genuinely perplexed. 
Fabian replied nonchalantly, “Oh? Does that mean you’re clueless about this? Yvette was afraid I would stop supporting her after my marriage. Therefore, she decided to push her luck.” 
“Oh! So that’s her motive!”
“Speaking of which, I have been hearing rumors about you doing Yvette a favor over the past few days. Is it true?” 
Fabian decided to confront the man and see if he could carry on with his act. 
Consequently, Jaxon went dead silent for a few seconds. 
Shortly, he smiled and orated, “I might as well be frank since you have brought it up. Actually, I’m pulling the strings behind the scenes because it’s an instruction from my higher-ups. Mr. Norton, I’m sure you’re aware of the difference between the authorities mandated to officials of different ranks, right? There’s nothing much I can’t do about it. On top of that, I wasn’t aware she was the mastermind behind the accident. Should I be made aware beforehand, I would never succumb to the authority!” 
Impressed by Jaxon’s excuse that enabled him to shift the responsibilities to another party, Fabian asked, “It’s not too late to make the right call, isn’t it?” 
“Please tell me you’re just kidding, Mr. Norton. How can I possibly turn down the instruction from my higher-ups after I have been mandated?” Jaxon turned Fabian down with a rhetorical question.
###Chapter 1299
Chapter 1299 
“I guess that’s the end of our conversation, huh?” 
Fabian knew it was merely something Jaxon made up to justify the aid he had been providing Yvette. 
“Mr. Norton, there’s nothing I can do about it—” 
Jaxon was about to explain himself, but he received a call out of the blue. 
Upon a glance, he noticed it was a call from his most trusted aide. He told Fabian, “I’m so sorry, Mr. Norton. I need to answer this.” 
After Fabian beckoned him to carry on, Jaxon picked it up and asked, “Hello? What’s wrong?” 
“Sir, we’re in a huge trouble!” 
“What do you mean?” Jaxon asked with a frown when he heard his subordinate’s words. 
The person on the other end gasped out his reply. “The higher-ups have dispatched a task force to arrest Mr. Alder and Mr. Hobbs after receiving a call from a certain powerful figure. After a round of investigation, they were taken into custody.” 
“Are you sure?” 
Jaxon’s pupil constricted in fear because only the members of a limited few renowned families could get in touch with his higher-ups. 
“Alright.”
After wrapping up the conversation and hanging up the call, Jaxon looked Fabian in the eyes, wondering if it was one of his attempts to intimidate him. 
Despite being clueless about the content of Jaxon’s conversation, Fabian smiled in return as it was evident Jaxon was irked because of something. 
After falling silent for a few minutes, Jaxon took the initiative and denoted, “Mr. Norton, I’m impressed by the things you have done to warn me to mind my own business.” 
Jaxon was on the verge of breaking down because there wasn’t anything else he was capable of doing to save Yvette. Since Fabian had taken out two high-ranking officials, it would serve as a deterrence against possible aggression from other officials. 
He shook his head when he thought about it. If he couldn’t get Yvette out of the jail, the video clip would be exposed to the crowd. If that was the case, he would have to spend the rest of his life in jail as well. 
Meanwhile, Fabian was genuinely perplexed because Jaxon caved in when he hadn’t done anything yet. He had merely asked him out in person for a talk. 
Although Fabian was startled, he put on a calm front and replied casually, “Is there anything you wish to tell me, Mr. Dane?” 
After heaving a long sigh, Jaxon decided to let the cat out of the bag because he thought Fabian might do him a favor and retrieve the video clip on his behalf. Should Fabian refuse to do him the favor, he had no choice but to surrender to fate. 
As Jaxon went on, Fabian nodded because he finally saw the bigger picture. 
No wonder he has the guts to pick on me! It turns out he’s being blackmailed! In order to keep his position, he has to do her biddings, including defying me.
“Mr. Norton, I wasn’t given a choice either. I hope you can put yourself in my shoes and see where I’m coming from.” 
Jaxon expressed his regret with an apologetic look. 
“Mr. Dane, I see where you’re coming from, but regarding Yvette…” 
Jaxon immediately asserted, “Don’t worry, Mr. Norton! I’ll stop trying anything silly and let her spend some time in the prison to reflect upon her actions.” 
Halfway through his speech, he paused because he was too embarrassed to bring up his request. 
Sigh… I guess I’ll forget about it. Am I in any position to ask him to do me a favor when I should consider myself lucky after he decided to stop picking on me? 
Fabian noticed Jaxon was dejected because his emotions were written all over his face. 
He had no intention to pick on the dejected man since he couldn’t get to execute his plan to rescue Yvette just yet. 
“Mr. Dane, here’s a gentle reminder to get a grip on yourself. It’s fine to have some fun with a woman every now and then, but you need to restrain yourself. Otherwise, you’re going to bear the consequences of your actions.”
###Chapter 1300
Chapter 1300 
Jaxon responded with a self-deprecating smirk and denoted, “I’m well aware of that, but I’m afraid it’s over for me.” 
“I beg to differ, Mr. Dane!” Fabian shook his head and asserted with a bright grin because he had made up his mind to do Jaxon a favor. After all, he had nothing to lose. Instead, he might gain a loyal subordinate that could do his biddings in the future. 
When Jaxon heard Fabian’s reply, his eyes gleamed. He got pumped up and asked, “Are you going to help me?” 
“I’m not going to do anything, but I don’t mind playing along with you to retrieve the video clip on your behalf. I believe it’s not much of a challenge either.” 
“Thank you so much, Mr. Norton! If you need my help in the future, feel to approach me! As long as it’s within my authority, I’ll offer my help without a flinch!” 
Jaxon repetitively expressed his gratitude because Fabian offering his aid was something beyond Jaxon’s expectation when they were foes a few minutes ago. 
Similarly, Fabian was delighted because he was certain Jaxon would remain a loyal aide in the near future. Since he had a perfectly devised plan, he instructed, “Mr. Dane, as long as you…” 
“Great! What a brilliant plan! No wonder you’re the president of the leading corporation in the country. I’ll keep that in mind and act accordingly.” 
After working out the details, they parted ways.
On his way back, Fabian murmured, “I wonder who has called Jaxon? He has done me quite a favor and saved me a lot of hassle and time.” 
After the car pulled over in front of his company, he stopped overthinking things and alighted from the car. 
As soon as he alighted from the car, Helen and Fabian surrounded him and greeted, “Fabian!” 
Fabian was confused by the duo’s presence because they seemed to be waiting for him. What can possibly bring them to me? Most importantly, why are they together? 
Fabian denoted in a calm and collected manner, “What do you guys want? I have a lot of things on my plate, if you’re here to ask me out, I’m afraid both of you are going to be disappointed.” 
Helen answered, “No! We’re not here to have fun!” 
“Oh? If that’s the case, why are you guys here?” Fabian was confused because he couldn’t think of anything else that could bring the playful duo to him. 
Suddenly, Jason interrupted and said, “Fabian, we are aware of Yvette’s attempt to get herself acquitted on all counts! I have heard the conversation between you and my father!” 
“Oh?” 
Fabian got his interest piqued by the duo because they seemed to be there to help. 
“I got in touch with Helen immediately after I heard the news because I wanted to be of aid!” Jason added. 
Helen looked at Fabian and announced, “He’s right! When I heard the bad news, I was shocked as well! All things considered, I had devised a plan to intimidate our foe! Hopefully, we’re able to be of aid!”
Jason added, “As soon as she brought up the suggestion, I made use of Goldstein Group’s influence and disclosed the information of two high-ranking officials to their higher-ups! Hopefully, we’re able to keep those who’re trying to break the law at the bay!” 
As Jason and Helen carried on and shared the details of their plan with Fabian, he soon figured out the entire timeline of the incident. Shocked, he asked, “Have you made the call?” 
Jason thought he had done something wrong again because Fabian gaped at their plan. He asked, “Y- Yes, what about it? Have we meddled with your initial plan?” 
Helen looked at Fabian with a diffident look. Since she was the one who came up with the plan, she was afraid she had caused him any trouble instead of being of aid. 
“Hahaha! It’s nothing! In fact, it’s a job well-done because both of you have done me a huge favor!”

###Chapter 1301
Chapter 1301 
The delighted Fabian was surprised because Helen and Jason had exceeded his expectation for once. 
He showed them the way into his office and said, “I have a few contracts to sign, but once I’m done, let’s head out for a meal.” 
The duo was on cloud nine. Jason’s joy was written all over his face. He asked, “See? Fabian, I told you I would never let you down! Have I proven myself worthy yet?” 
Helen cast a contemptuous gaze at Jason and remarked sarcastically, “Stop making it sound as though you have devised the plan! I’m pretty sure it’s going to take at least a decade for you to come up with such an effective plan.” 
Irked by Helen’s statements, Jason rebutted, “Helen, can you mind your words and manners? Stop getting full of yourself when you have merely come up with the plan a few minutes earlier than me! How dare you take credit for the plan? If it weren’t because of the call I made using the connection of Goldstein Group, do you think they would take you seriously? If someone deserves the full credit, it’s me!” 
Unwilling to give in just yet, she rebuked, “Seriously? Have you no shame for trying to take all the credit when the call is your only contribution? Do you think they’ll take you seriously without the information I have gathered?” 
As the duo started bickering again, Fabian stated with a genuine smile, “Both of you did a great job, okay? I’m glad both of you have gotten the job done, or else I’ll be having a hard time dealing with them. Once I’m done with my work, let’s head over and pick Hannah up to join us for a meal.”
After he finished his sentence, he instructed his secretary to show the duo the way to the lounge while he returned to his office. 
Meanwhile, Yvette, who had no idea of the things that were about to come, started ridiculing Hannah in her mind. See? I told you there wasn’t anything you could do to get rid of me! What if I was the mastermind behind the accident? I’m still standing here! In fact, tomorrow I’ll be again! There’s nothing you can do to stop me! Hahahaha! 
You’re lucky for once, but do you think you’re able to get away twice? Let’s assume you’re able to get away unscathed, how many attempts do you think it’s going to take to end you? You can’t run away from me for your entire life, can you? 
Yvette was determined to bring upon Hannah’s demise. The first thing after she regained dom was to pay Hannah’s company a visit and caused her colleagues to boycott her. It would take more than Hannah’s death to please her because she wanted her to live a miserable life to satisfy her needs for revenge. 
On the other hand, after Lyna acquired the news of the two high-ranking officials being taken into custody, she felt anxious and thought Fabian might be the one behind it. 
She was startled because he had retaliated sooner than she expected. Perhaps she couldn’t get to save Yvette anymore. Immediately, she called Jaxon. “Hello, Mr. Dane.” 
As she had previously kept her identity confidential, Jaxon wasn’t aware Lyna was the one on the other end of the call. 
Jaxon asked deadpanned his reply, “Hello? May I know who this is?”
Lyna asked in a sarcastic manner, “Mr. Dane, how can you forget about me? I’m pretty sure you haven’t forgotten the video clip, have you?” 
“It’s you…” After he heard her, he knew the reason she had called. 
Thus, he asked, “What do you want from me again?” 
Lyna asked in a contemptuous manner, “What do I want from you? Mr. Dane, aren’t you aware your most trusted aides have been taken into custody?” 
Since Jaxon had reached an agreement with Fabian, he wasn’t afraid at all. He replied nonchalantly, “If you’re talking about Mr. Alder and Mr. Hobbs, it’s not a big deal. I have gotten in touch with the higher- ups. Soon, they’ll regain dom.” 
It wasn’t a lie because the two high-ranking officials’ dom was part of the plan they had devised.
###Chapter 1302
Chapter 1302 
“Such wonderful news, Mr. Dane! Nothing less than I expected from a veteran official!” 
Lyna chuckled and added, “Allow me to give you a heads-up—Fabian has been alarmed. You need to be careful because I believe he’s the whistleblower. Allow me to be frank, but I won’t hold back against you if you can’t get Yvette out of jail.” 
Immediately after she hung up the call, Jaxon summoned his trusted aide and instructed, “Gather every information associated with this phone number and see if there’s anything suspicious.” 
He could vividly recall Lyna’s look after meeting her in person, yet he had a hard time locating her. It felt as if she had disappeared into thin air. Little did she know Lyna had disguised herself through extreme methods to get her revenge. Therefore, not even her mother could recognize her, let alone Jaxon. 
After Lyna hung up the call, she muttered to herself, “Jaxon, I hope you won’t let me down. Otherwise, I’ll expose you even if it means forsaking Yvette.” 
She had a bad feeling about it and thought there was something fishy going on behind the scenes. 
Fabian’s capabilities are beyond our imaginations! How did Jaxon manage to save his trusted aides? Has Jaxon turned his back against me and struck a deal with Fabian instead? Is this part of their plan to lure me out? 
No matter what, it is better to be on my guard against them. 
After she gathered her thoughts, she removed the SIM card and shattered it into pieces before throwing it away.
Once she installed another SIM card and booked a flight ticket to travel abroad on Yvette’s behalf, she called someone from the black market and acquired his help to get another woman who resembled Yvette over. 
“Fabian, perhaps I’m not a match for you in the corporate world, but you’re not a match for me when it comes to being street smart! I’m pretty sure you’ll be shocked by the surprise I have in store for you!” 
Lyna guffawed out of the blue. 
Meanwhile, as soon as Fabian signed the contracts that would require immediate attention and packed his things, he brought himself up and walked downstairs. 
“Idiot!” 
“Says you?” 
“No! You!” 
“You!” 
… 
After Fabian got downstairs, he noticed the duo started bickering again. 
He found the duo’s interaction hilarious as they showed no signs of stopping at all. Halfway down the stairs, he paused and started observing them in silence. 
“Fabian!” 
Helen saw a man on the stairs through the corner of her eyes. Upon a glance, she noticed Fabian not far away.
Her brother-in-law nodded, but before he could greet her in return, Jason said, “Stop lying! I won’t be deceived by you again!” 
Fabian was at a loss for words because Jason, who was an adult, wouldn’t stop behaving like an arrogant brat. 
“Please suit yourself while Fabian and I head out for a meal!” 
Helen walked in the direction of Fabian after she finished her sentence. 
When Helen was a few steps away from Fabian, Jason finally turned around. “Oh! Fabian! I thought she had been lying again!” 
Fabian was nonplussed; he knew he wasn’t supposed to take sides. 
Helen rolled her eyes and rebuked, “Stop defaming me! Do you think I’m you? I have never lied to others, okay?” 
“I—” 
As Fabian knew they would start another round of bickering again, he broke the silence and suggested, “Shall we get going and pick Hannah up?” 
If they were to carry on, perhaps they would miss dinner because they had yet to depart. 
Shortly, the trio departed and headed over to Hannah’s company. 
“Sir, we can’t gather any information because this contact number isn’t even registered. On top of that, the phone has been switched off.”
###Chapter 1303
Chapter 1303 
Slouching against the chair, Jaxon beckoned his assistant to leave him alone because he hadn’t gotten his hopes high either. 
Lyna wouldn’t be much of a threat as long as he had Fabian’s support. 
On the other hand, Hannah, who was in her office, was in the middle of a break after a hectic session with the newly established team. 
Actually, the things she had taught them were pretty common for a journalist. Nonetheless, since it was an instruction from her senior editor, she had no choice but to show them the proper way to do things. 
Serving herself a glass of water, Hannah muttered to herself, “I need to get Mr. Dijon to send someone else to conduct the interview with Xavier. Otherwise, it’s going to be so awkward.” 
Suddenly, she picked up her phone because she noticed she had an incoming call. 
Fabian? Isn’t he supposed to be in the middle of work? Why is he calling me when he should be dealing with all sorts of things? 
Immediately after Hannah picked up the call, she asked jokingly, “Hello? Why are you calling me amidst the hectic schedule of yours? Are you afraid I’m having an affair with another man?” 
When he heard her question, he chuckled and asked in return, “How do you know? I can’t allow my awesome wife to run away with another man, can I?” 
“You need to stop flattering me and tell me what brings you to call me.”
After Hannah took a peek at her watch, she added, “There are about five minutes left until I’m allowed to leave the office.” 
Smiling, Fabian asked in a gentle tone, “I have parked outside your office. Jason and Helen are here with me. Care to join us for dinner?” 
“Hmm…” 
She kept silent for a few seconds before answering, “Since I’m in a great mood, I guess I’ll allow you to have the pleasure to dine with me for once! Hold on for a second! I’ll be there in a few minutes!” 
After Hannah got up from her seat, she tidied her crumpled shirts before walking down the stairs, humming because she was thrilled. 
It feels great to be promoted because I have the authority to leave when I have finished my tasks! 
Soon, she reached the entrance and saw the trio that was across the street. When they saw her, Fabian beckoned her over with a smile. 
As Hannah sprinted over, she noticed Jason and Helen seemed to be bickering again. 
She found them hilarious because they wouldn’t stop picking on one another despite the circumstances. To be precise, she was impressed by their willpower to pick on one another. 
“Alright, can both of you give us a break? It feels like I have brought along a freaking portable speaker with me!” Hannah yelled and stopped the duo. 
After they exchanged glances, they glared at Hannah, indicating she should stop poking her nose into their businesses.
Hannah felt uncomfortable because of the way they looked at her. She looked at Fabian and suggested, “I believe we should get going. It has been a long day. Let’s hurry up and finish our meal, so we can call it a day as soon as possible.” 
Fabian wasn’t aware Hannah was in the middle of a conversation with him because he had his eyes glued to something in the direction ahead of him. 
“I…” 
She was irked by his response because they were the ones who had invited her to join them for a meal, yet they didn’t even appreciate her presence. 
“It’s time to go.” 
After Fabian snapped out of confusion, he grasped Hannah’s hand and marched their way back to the car. Helen and Jason were right behind them. 
The moment they boarded the car, Hannah asked, “Is something bothering you?” 
He shook his head and answered, “It’s nothing.” 
Due to his serious expression, she pouted her lips in irritation and replied in a petulant manner, “Hmph! Forget about it because I have no intention to poke my nose into your business as well.” 
Soon, she grasped Helen’s hand and started engaging in a conversation with Jason and her sister.
###Chapter 1304
Chapter 1304 
Fabian didn’t bother to explain himself either. After he retrieved his phone and drafted the text to one of his close acquaintances, his tensed look finally eased up a little. 
Grinning, Helen asked her sister, “Hannah, I have great news and bad news for you! Which one do you prefer to know first?” 
Hannah had a hard time figuring out the things Helen was up to. After considering for a few seconds, she stated, “The great news.” 
“If that’s the case, I need to tell you the bad news first.” 
Her sister was at a loss for words because it wasn’t necessary for her to make the choice in the first place. “What is it about?” 
Helen leaned over and whispered, “Yvette has acquired the aid of some influential figures to get her out of jail.” 
“Huh? Are you serious?” 
When Hannah heard the news, she was baffled and looked at Fabian with her eyes widened in disbelief. 
As Fabian nodded, she found out her sister hadn’t been making things up. 
“What? How is that possible when she has tried to murder me?” 
Hannah’s face puckered in frustration. Although she found Yvette pitiable, she wanted her to bear the consequences of her actions. Thus, she had stopped Fabian from interfering with Yvette’s jurisdiction in
return for a fair trial. 
“Haven’t I told you to let Fabian deal with it? You should have listened to me! How does it feel to have the murderer getting off the hook?” Helen remarked sarcastically to express her irritation. 
“I didn’t see that coming!” 
As Yvette almost killed her, Hannah regretted her decision. Despite the failed attempt, it would be unfair if Yvette could get herself acquitted on all counts just because she was related to some bigshots. 
Afraid her sister would go berserk soon, Helen announced, “You don’t have to get overly worked up. Have you forgotten the great news?” 
“What is it?” 
Hannah deadpanned her reply because she couldn’t be bothered by the great news at all. 
Helen sat upright and cleared her throat before announcing in an ostentatious manner, “Your exceptional and brilliant sister has taken care of the issue on your behalf! In short, you don’t have to be worried anymore!” 
She looked elsewhere and replied, “Oh…” 
Seconds after she returned to her senses, she got pumped up and asked, “What did you just say? You had gotten rid of the issue on my behalf? How?” 
Helen was pleased by her response. She held her chest high and was about to share her brilliant plan with her sister, but Jason interrupted her and said, “It’s all thanks to me! If it weren’t because of me, she couldn’t possibly deal with them!” 
As he went on, he ruffled his hair and added, “It’s a long story, but here goes…”
“Shut up! How dare you get full of yourself in front of me?” 
Helen interrupted Jason again and thought he was way too arrogant. 
“What? Have I said anything wrong? Do you think you could execute the plan without me?” Jason rebutted to defend himself. 
“Oh? Do you really think you’re that capable?” 
“Enough!” 
Hannah yelled as the duo was about to go berserk again when they were in the middle of something serious. 
“Why don’t you tell me about it?” Hannah looked at Fabian and asked in a calm and collected manner. 
Fabian nodded and started summarizing the entire incident again. 
After Hannah figured out the truth, she started praising the duo for a job well done. “Unbelievable, it turns out both of you are able to be of aid to Fabian already, huh?” 
Hannah’s words worked like a charm because Helen and Jason were overwhelmed by a sense of achievement. 
“I have been wondering the reason behind the meal. It turns out they’re the highlight of the day, and you have just dropped by and picked me up on the way to the restaurant, huh?” Hannah pulled Fabian’s leg. 
Before Fabian could reply, Helen said, “Don’t you think you should be grateful? If it weren’t because of me, you might not get to join us!”
###Chapter 1305
Chapter 1305 
Everyone in the car burst into laughter when they heard Helen’s reply. 
“What’s next?” Hannah asked. 
Fabian answered, “I’ll help Mr. Dane retrieve the video clip before throwing Yvette and the one threatening her behind bars.” 
“Mmm…” Hannah nodded because that seemed to be the best option available. 
Soon, they reached their destination. Fabian had brought them there because Helen said she wanted to have seafood for dinner. 
After Fabian alighted from the car, he surveyed the surroundings with his eyes narrowed to a slit. He instructed Hannah, “Go ahead and place the order without me. I’ll join the rest of you after I return from the washroom.” 
Fabian walked in the other direction after he finished his sentence. Hannah was confused by the things he was up to because the washroom was in the restaurant. What’s wrong with him? Why is he heading toward the opposite direction? 
Hannah brought Helen and Jason into the restaurant with him. It had a lavishly decorated interior with different types of aquaculture products nearby the entrance. 
Upon a simple glimpse, Helen catapulted in the direction of the livestock and cast her dignity aside. 
“Oh, God! Jason, look! It’s such a gigantic lobster! Shall we have this for dinner? I’m pretty sure it’s going to give me foodgasm!”
Helen had never seen such a gigantic lobster throughout her entire life. Thus, she couldn’t hold back her excitement and started drooling as she imagined savoring the lobster. 
Jason scowled at her and asked with a contemptuous look, “What’s wrong with you? Is it necessary to get so excited over a shrimp you have never seen? Stop behaving like a country bumpkin!” 
“So what if I’m a country bumpkin? At least I’m not a good-for-nothing loafer like you!” 
Irked by his response, after shooting daggers at him, she returned to her sister’s side. 
Fabian tapped on the shoulder of a man in a set of formal wear and asked with a smirk, “What’s wrong? They’ve gone inside, shall we go in and join them?” 
The man responded the moment he sensed Fabian’s presence. He grasped Fabian in return. 
When he was about to render Fabian incapable of motion, someone from Fabian’s side clasped his hands around the man’s neck and took him into custody. 
Fabian shook his head and asked in a provoking manner, “Are you trying to capture me? This is getting interesting!” 
Meanwhile, the rest of the man’s party had their eyes glued to the man under custody, behaving as though they needed his instructions to carry on with their mission. 
Fabian knew the man he had taken into custody was none other than the party’s leader. 
Although Fabian’s party was greatly outnumbered, he wasn’t afraid at all. The other party might not have the upper hands because the ones by Fabian’s side were headhunted from the special forces. 
“I believe all of you are aware of the things that are awaiting you as a fellow martial art practitioner. Why don’t you stop retaliating?” Fabian asked.
The person, who had been taken into custody, stared at him for a few minutes before explaining, “We mean no harm.” 
Fabian beckoned his subordinate to release the man and asked, “I’m well aware of that. Otherwise, you would have been long taken out.” 
He hadn’t exaggerated his words because it would merely take a few minutes for his bodyguards to take them out. 
Shortly, Fabian put on a stern front and asked in a serious tone, “Who sent you? What are you after?” 
The leader of the other party frowned and told Fabian, “We’re from the black market. That’s the most we can tell because we need to abide by our rules as well.”
###Chapter 1306
Chapter 1306 
“Oh? The black market? Interesting!” 
After he paced back and forth around them, he asked with a contemptuous smirk, “Do you think those from the black market can intimidate me? I can’t believe you have the audacity to bring up the rules of the black market in front of me! Are you not aware of my identity?” 
Without a second thought, the man replied, “Fabian Norton.” 
Those from the black market had their own ways of doing things to prevent them from being wiped out of existence. There were a selected few who would never be the target of the hitmen from the black market. 
Should anyone from the black market try to accept the task to assassinate those on the list, they would have to face the wrath of the elites of the black market. 
Needless to say, the hitmen were conscious of Fabian’s identity of being one of the selected few in the lists, because they had been warned to stay away from him prior to their recruitment. 
“Since you’re aware, why don’t you let the cat out of the bag already? Although your party is from the black market, it isn’t tough to get to the bottom of this and find out who has hired you.” 
Fabian continued asking with a smile in an attempt to figure out their actual identity. Otherwise, it would take him some time and effort to get to the bottom of it. 
The man leading the party wasn’t convinced at all. He insisted, “My apologies, but we have to abide by the rules of the black market.”
Fabian was slightly disappointed. As he couldn’t gather any useful intel from the bunch in front of him, he beckoned his bodyguards to teach them a lesson. 
What kind of joke is this? Since you have the guts to pick on my wife, I’ll have to let you know I’m not an easy target! 
After his bodyguards took note of his instruction, he stepped forward. Grasping the arm of the man leading the party, Fabian’s bodyguard was about to break it, but a man stopped them in the nick of time. 
“Hold on a second, Mr. Norton!” 
When Fabian was about to leave, he heard someone stopping him. Thus, he bought himself to a halt and turned around with a smirk. 
“Isn’t this Mr. Jackson?” 
Fabian narrowed his eyes because he finally linked part of the missing pieces of puzzles together. 
The man leading the party closed his eyes in anticipation of the misery that was about to befall him. When he heard Xavier’s voice, he felt a sense of relief because his arm would be broken for real should Xavier fail to show up in time. 
However, the moment he heaved a sigh of relief, a loud crack was heard. As a result of the man’s piercing shriek, the customers of the restaurant looked in the direction of the conflicting parties. 
Xavier’s face puckered in irritation. He gritted his teeth and said, “Fabian!” 
Fabian guffawed and looked at the frustrated Xavier with a contemptuous look, asking in a provoking manner, “What’s wrong, Mr. Jackson? They have been following my wife and me for quite some time.
Don’t you think I’m supposed to teach them a lesson? They weren’t by any chance been sent by you, were they?” 
He directed a rhetorical question at Xavier and stepped forward, remarking sarcastically, “Could it be one of your attempts to get your hands on our company’s intel? Are you still trying to get ahead of us?” 
Glaring at Fabian in the eyes, Xavier enunciated his reply, “Mr. Norton, I’m sorry to let you down, but I’m not such a despicable man!” 
Standing in front of Xavier, Fabian took advantage of his height and peered at him while asking, “Oh? Does that mean you admit they have been sent by you?” 
“Indeed, I have sent them!” 
Although Xavier was infuriated, he had no intention to lie. Soon, he beckoned the hitmen he had hired to leave. 
Similarly, Fabian’s bodyguards knew it was about time for them to leave the duo alone. 
“Mr. Jackson, since you have sent someone to follow us, don’t you think you should explain yourself?” Fabian queried. 
Although he was aware they had been sent by Xavier, he couldn’t figure out the rationale behind it. 
He had merely brought up the part of gathering intel to provoke and insult Xavier. Since the five prominent families were closely affiliated, he was conscious Xavier would never resort to such petty tricks to achieve his goals.
###Chapter 1307
Chapter 1307 
“Did you think that Hannah is now safe just because you’ve apprehended Yvette?” Xavier asked Fabian a question of his own instead of answering his. 
“So, you sent them here to protect her?” Fabian questioned coldly while staring at him even as his gaze darkened upon hearing his remark. 
Naturally, Xavier could sense the hostility in his eyes, yet he wasn’t at all bothered. “Of course,” he replied without much care. 
“Hah! Does my woman require your protection? What a joke! Look at those few withered men you brought over. If something truly happens, I’m afraid that they’ll only be cannon fodder!” 
All at once, vexation seized Fabian. Hannah and I are already married, yet he’s still having designs on her now? What an obstinate fool! 
“Don’t be too sure of that, Mr. Norton. If you can protect Hannah well, I naturally wouldn’t be worried,” Xavier murmured placidly. 
“Hah! What do you mean by that, Mr. Jackson? Am I, the president of Phoenix Group, not comparable to you, Mr. Jackson Jr. of the Jackson Group?” 
Of course, Fabian knew that he was implying that it was his inadequate consideration that led to the car crash during the wedding. Thus, he hit him where it hurt. 
In truth, Xavier had only become the president of Jackson Group last year. Before that, his father felt that he wasn’t capable of shouldering the responsibility yet, so he had always been dubbed as Mr. Jackson Jr. by others.
At that, Xavier was also incensed, and he panted in fury. Then, he harrumphed and snarled, “Hmph! You naturally know what I mean, Mr. Norton. Fine, I’ll bring my men back. However, consider this my warning to you—if anything happens to Hannah, don’t blame me for stealing her from you!” 
After saying that, he left without a backward glance. 
Meanwhile, Fabian merely stood there as a light breeze ruffled the hair on his temples. As he gazed at Xavier’s retreating back, a meaningful smile manifested on his face, and he muttered, “Hah! So you want to steal my woman? How overly confident of you!” 
Subsequently, he spun around and strode toward the restaurant. 
“Are you guys going to order? If you can’t afford the food here, then don’t come here to eat. Why are you acting like wealthy people when you’re obviously country bumpkins?” the server chided rudely. 
From the time Hannah and the others entered the restaurant, the server had noticed them. And the moment she glimpsed Helen’s expression, she categorized all three of them as country bumpkins who were acting rich. 
Jason had always led a pampered life with people fawning over him everywhere he went, so he had never been humiliated in such a manner. Hence, when he heard that, he immediately snatched the teacup from the table and smashed it right at her feet. 
“Do you not know how to talk nicely? We’re the customers here, yet this is the way you’re speaking to us? Buzz off! I don’t want to see you in this restaurant anymore!” 
That action of his instantly attracted the attention of the other diners around them, and they all stopped eating. Before they had even placed their cutlery down, they started pointing and talking about the three of them.
Helen was initially livid as well, but upon seeing Jason’s reaction, she calmed down. He may be a tad rash, but he didn’t do anything wrong. Thus, she merely sat there quietly without saying anything. 
However, the server went ballistic in the blink of an eye. Why couldn’t I snub them when they have no money? Worse still, they’re actually making a fool out of me in public! 
“Why are you acting like a king? As soon as you came in, the lot of you acted like fish out of the water, gawking and gaping. At one glance, I could tell that you all came from the country. Let me tell you, this is not a place the likes of you can afford. You’d better apologize to me and leave right away. Otherwise…” 
As the server was still speaking, Jason stepped forward and slapped her hard across the face. Then, he demanded provocatively, “What are going to do? Your boss will have to call me Mr. Goldstein if he’s here, yet you want to snub me when you’re a mere server? What a joke!” 
Hannah, however, was taken aback by his action. “Apologize to her, Jason!” she hastily blurted. 
At the same time, Helen was also extremely panicked at the turn of events. Although the server’s words were truly insulting, we’re in the wrong now that Jason has made the first move. Plus, this isn’t our territory, what if he loses?
###Chapter 1308
Chapter 1308 
At that thought, Helen dashed up and grabbed hold of Jason to prevent him from further doing anything extreme. 
“H-How dare you hit me? An apology won’t help you now! Just you wait to be beaten up!” the server snapped viciously as she glowered at Jason with bulging eyes and pure malice on her face. 
“What’s wrong? What happened here?” 
Due to the commotion, the other servers and security rushed over. 
“What happened?” a security officer asked the server who had been slapped. 
“Mr. Jordan, he hit me! Look, my face is all swollen!” the server exclaimed aggrievedly as she touched her face. 
When the chief security officer heard that, his brows creased. Looking at Jason, he murmured, “Excuse me, sir, but no matter what the reason may be, you have to apologize if you hit someone.” 
He was exceedingly polite in his speech since he had no inkling of Jason’s identity. What if he’s an official or a wealthy businessman’s son considering his domineering attitude? I’ll just be shooting myself in the foot if I were to be rude to him! 
“Apologize to her? What a joke! When have I, Jason Goldstein, ever apologized to anyone? Say, are you all blind? Didn’t you see that server’s rotten attitude? If I were your boss, I would’ve fired her ages ago. She will just ruin the business if you allow her to stay!” 
Rage blazed within Jason upon hearing that the chief security officer wanted him to apologize to the server. Why should I apologize when I didn’t do anything wrong?
“Uh…” 
At that moment, the chief security officer was caught in a dilemma as he instantly understood what had happened the moment he heard that. The server in question had always looked down on others, so he was naturally aware of that. 
“We’ll naturally deal with the situation you mentioned earlier behind closed doors, but you must apologize for having hit her. Otherwise…” the chief security officer asserted with a frown even as his gaze remained fixed on Jason. 
How am I going to garner any respect here in the restaurant if I don’t side with the employees as the chief security officer? 
“What the hell? What did you just say? Do repeat it. You actually dared to threaten me? Who do you think you are?” Jason roared as he pointed at the chief security officer, the reins on his emotions snapping when he heard him issuing a threat. 
“Jason!” 
Just when Jason was about to charge forward and teach the chief security officer a lesson on manners, an imposing voice rang out. 
The person who spoke was none other than Fabian. As soon as he entered the restaurant, he caught sight of Jason’s aggressive behavior. 
On the other hand, Jason instinctively stilled upon hearing Fabian’s voice. Turning to look at Fabian, he then wilted even as he greeted, “Hi, Fabian.” 
Hannah was relieved at the sight of Fabian, for she truly didn’t know what to do if Jason got into a brawl. “You are finally back.”
“What happened here?” Fabian queried as he pinned his glacial eyes on the chief security officer. 
While his voice was a mere whisper, it sounded like a peal of thunder in the ears of the chief security officer. Meeting Fabian’s cold gaze, he stammeringly replied, “Mr. Norton, I think there’s been a misunderstanding here.” 
Although he didn’t know who exactly Fabian was, he had seen the restaurant owner smiling ingratiatingly at him and addressing him as Mr. Norton while scraping and bowing. Therefore, he was certain that Fabian was a prominent figure. 
“Well, what happened? Spit it out!” Fabian growled as he continued staring at him with displeasure written all over his face. 
“The thing is, Mr. Norton, our server offended this gentleman here because of her attitude. So, he slapped her. When I had rushed over, I requested that he apologize as we’ll deal with the server later, but he wasn’t happy with that. Then, you saw what happened thereafter.” 
Inwardly, the chief security officer lamented, Why do I have such shitty luck? The thing I feared most has truly come to pass—I’ve really bumped into someone I can’t afford to offend! 
Casting a glance at the server, who was standing at the side, Fabian declared coldly, “She’s fired.” 
Cough, cough… 
Helen couldn’t help giving a few light coughs upon hearing that. Oh wow, Fabian is really domineering!
###Chapter 1309
Chapter 1309 
At that, Jason threw the chief security officer a smug look though he said nothing. Fabian doesn’t like my impulsiveness, so it’ll be bad if he pursues the matter and tells Dad about this, he mused. 
“Hmm? Is there a problem?” Fabian questioned as he stared at the chief security officer who remained rooted to the spot. 
“N-No, everything will be done as per your orders,” the chief security officer hastily reassured. 
“Then, snap out of it and prepare a private room for us. 
After saying that, Fabian strode away on his long and slender legs, heading toward the private rooms on the second floor while holding Hannah’s hand. 
“Mr. Jordan, I…” 
The server was all regretful, but it was of no use since she had offended someone she shouldn’t have messed with. 
“Take her away and tell the manager about the matter. Have him handle this,” the chief security officer ordered the two men behind him while shaking his head helplessly. 
“Fabian, I wasn’t acting rashly at all. I was just peeved by someone like her who looks down on other people. Besides, what’s wrong with being poor? Even poor people have better manners than that stupid woman. Don’t you think so?” Jason instantly explained as soon as they entered the private room, afraid that Fabian would tell his father about that incident. 
Fabian naturally saw through him. Deliberately scaring him, he drawled, “Why, are you afraid now? Where was your fear when you got physical earlier? Just because she had no manners, you stooped to
her level? Just you wait and see if I don’t tell your father about this.” 
“N-No… Please don’t, Fabian.” 
Upon seeing that, Jason scurried over to him with an ingratiating expression on his face, pouring him tea and serving him. 
“This doesn’t work on me,” Fabian proclaimed solemnly as he took a seat and twisted his head away. 
“Hannah, help! Please put in a good word for me.” 
Jason hastily turned to Hannah at the side for help when he saw Fabian’s firm stance. He knew that she was soft-hearted and would definitely intercede for him. 
Sure enough, Hannah nodded as she smiled and said, “Jason was indeed a tad too rash, but that server’s words were truly insulting, so why don’t you let him off this time?” 
When Fabian heard that, he tilted his head a fraction yet remained mum. At that, Hannah shrugged to wordlessly inform Jason that she had done her best. 
Thus, Jason then hurriedly swung his gaze at Helen with a pleading expression on his face. When Helen saw that, she was rather surprised. It turns out that there are also times when he implores me! 
However, she truly felt that he hadn’t done anything wrong, so she chimed in, “Fabian, that’s absolutely true. You weren’t there just now, so you didn’t hear how nasty the server’s words were. Hannah merely chastised her, but she then lambasted Hannah. Even I felt like hitting her. And that was also why Jason stepped forward and slapped her,” she narrated with much exaggeration upon realizing that Fabian was most concerned about Hannah. 
She had been sharp-witted since young, so her mind worked at warp speed.
The moment Jason heard this, he couldn’t help but praise her for her quick thinking. Then, he cast her an approving glance for her lauded idea, and blurted, “That’s right, Fabian. Just keep this from my father’s knowledge since I was protecting Hannah this time.” 
Fabian looked at the two of them before glancing at Hannah who had her head hung low and said nary a word. Discerning that it was merely a story they made up to deceive him, mirth flooded Fabian. “I never knew that you two would show such a united front when dealing with an outsider despite your usual bickering.” 
Knowing that he had seen through her lie, Helen embarrassingly ducked her head. Then, she looked at him and countered, “That’s not true, Fabian. You’re not an outsider. Besides, that server’s words were truly insulting, so you would’ve definitely gotten physical as well if you were there.” 
“Exactly! I was merely taking up the cudgels on your behalf, Fabian. Without you there, I was naturally duty-bound to stand out as the only man among them. Don’t you agree?” 
Of course not! What a load of bullshit! Just admit it if you couldn’t control yourself instead of acting all self-righteous! Why are you faking it instead of stopping while you’re ahead?
###Chapter 1310
Chapter 1310 
“Okay, fine. I’ll let you off this time, but make sure that it doesn’t happen again. Otherwise, you’ll have to go back and work for your father,” Fabian murmured as he shook his head. 
“Thank you, Fabian! I’ll definitely commit that to memory!” Jason quickly promised upon hearing that. 
Meanwhile, at Blackwood Residence, Lyna was relentlessly applying makeup on her face to make herself look tanner without diminishing her beauty. 
As she stared at herself in the mirror, she nodded in satisfaction. My countenance now is entirely different from my usual look. It’s as though I’ve changed my face! And although I’m a bit tanned, I still look very stunning! 
She was about to head to the jail to visit Yvette, so she had no choice but to alter her appearance so as to avoid suspicion. “I don’t believe anyone can still recognize me now.” 
She had always been cautious, so she even put on sunglasses before leaving. Driving alone, she drove to a bustling area before alighting from her car. Then, she hailed a cab and headed to the jail where Yvette was being detained. 
“Please wait for me here. I’ll be right out after visiting someone.” 
As Lyna said that, she took out a few bills in the hundred denomination and handed them to the driver. 
The moment the driver saw them, he grinned from ear to ear. Oh wow, this is about the amount I make fetching passengers for two or three days! Thus, he naturally agreed without an ounce of hesitation. “No problem! Just go and take your time. I’ll be waiting for you here.” 
Subsequently, Lyna climbed out of the cab and headed toward the place where Yvette was detained.
“Please take me to Mr. Lennox. I’ve notified him of my visit beforehand,” Lyna said to the guard as she handed him an envelope. 
The guard darted his gaze around before stuffing the envelope into his pocket. Then, he ordered, “Follow me.” 
In no time, Lyna was led into an office, and she met Blake Lennox. 
“I’m Yvette Tanner’s cousin. I’d like to see her for a while and say a few words.” 
She already had someone bribe him in advance, so she naturally didn’t face any problem in doing that. 
A while later, Yvette was escorted out. She stared at the visitor suspiciously, not recognizing Lyna since she was wearing sunglasses. 
Who is this? This isn’t the attorney Lyna got me. What’s more, it’s a woman. 
Lyna drummed her fingers on the table before she picked up the phone and greeted, “Have you forgotten me so quickly, my dear sister?” 
As soon as Yvette heard her voice, she immediately recognized her. “Why are you here?” she exclaimed in astonishment. 
Curiosity gripped her. She’s always been cautious, so why did she take such a huge risk and came here in person? 
Slipping off her sunglasses, Lyna glanced at the corner of the room. Sure enough, she spotted a camera. 
Lyna smiled and remarked calmly, “You’ll most likely be released tomorrow, so I’ll come and pick you up. We’ll go to A Nation together, never to return again.”
“What? Are you kidding me?” 
Yvette’s eyes went wide in shock. She had been racking her brains in jail and finally hatched a plan to eliminate Hannah, so she was inevitably astounded when Lyna suddenly broke that plan to her. 
“Alright, don’t argue! Just do as I say! We’ll be taking the flight from Zippendale Airport at nine o’clock tomorrow. At that time, I’ll have someone come and drive you over in a red Porsche,” Lyna barked sternly even as she glared at Yvette upon seeing her reluctant expression. 
In the next moment, she then hung up the phone before getting up to leave. That had Yvette at a total loss. What’s the meaning of this? Did something happen? Why do I have to go to A Nation for no reason, and never to come back after that? 
No more than a second after Lyna had stepped out of the jail where Yvette was being detained, Blake picked up the phone on his table and made a call to Jaxon. “Mr. Dane, someone just came to visit Yvette. As per your instructions, I allowed her entry. I’ve also sent you the surveillance footage and voice recording.” 
“Great! Keep a close eye on things over there. When this matter is settled, I’ll put in a request to the higher-ups for you to be promoted to be chief somewhere else,” Jaxon promised on the other end of the phone. 
Immediately after, he hung up the phone and logged in to his email. As he stared at Lyna in the surveillance footage, he gritted his teeth hard.
###Chapter 1311
Chapter 1311 
“You’ve finally shown up, huh? I never thought that I would find any trace of you, but you actually walked right into my trap.” 
When Jaxon saw that the person in the surveillance footage was indeed the person who had set him up with Yvette and taken a video clip of him, he was dead certain that the video clip must be in her hands. 
“Hah! And you want to go to A Nation, huh? How could I possibly allow you to do so?” Jaxon snarled after listening to the voice recording. 
Then, he picked up the phone and made a call. “Hello, Ziven? This is Jaxon Dane here. Do me a favor and help me investigate someone. Yes, I’ll send it to you right away.” 
As expected, Jaxon’s men didn’t find Lyna because her appearance earlier was a deliberate show for him with the express purpose of feeding him false information. 
However, Jaxon didn’t realize all that. After receiving the news, he couldn’t help but breathe a sigh of relief as he relaxed on his chair. Finally, I don’t have to be worried every single second of every day anymore! If I still can’t arrest her when I know the time and place, then I should really jump off the nearest building! 
Meanwhile, Fabian and the others were eating happily. Thanks to Helen’s presence that served as entertainment, the lobsters and crabs tasted far better than when Fabian and Hannah ate at home. 
“Yes. Okay, I got it. I’ll go over and meet you.” 
When they were almost done eating, Fabian received a call from Jaxon who told him about Lyna’s visit. After deliberating for a moment, he decided to meet Jaxon to discuss the matter as it was an
exceedingly crucial issue. If they could pull it off, no one would be hurting Hannah anymore, nor would they have to worry endlessly. 
Helen and the others had their fill, so they went home. Fabian then headed to Jaxon’s office alone. 
“You’re finally here, Mr. Norton! Here, take a look at this.” 
As Jaxon said that, he slid his laptop over to Fabian and played the surveillance footage in the folder. 
“This is the woman. I think the video clip must be in her hands,” Jaxon asserted with a frown. 
“I’ve also investigated her after hearing about it from you, but to no avail. Do you know her relationship with Yvette? I’ll ask my men to keep investigating her,” Fabian said as he frowned while looking at the person in the surveillance footage. 
Subsequently, Jaxon played the voice recording. “When they were talking on the phone, this woman addressed Yvette Tanner as her sister.” 
Fabian thoughtfully nodded. But in the next moment, he shook his head. “No, that’s impossible. Yvette is an only child, so she doesn’t have a sister. Plus, it’s not plausible even if she’s adopted or a sworn sister, for why wouldn’t we have found anything about her when their relationship is this close?” 
At that, Jaxon nodded in a contemplative manner, appearing very much in agreement with his postulation. 
“Then, who was that?” Jaxon couldn’t resist asking. 
Narrowing his eyes, Fabian shook his head before answering, “It’s okay. We’ll know tomorrow.” 
Then, he took out a map of Baykeep and instructed Jaxon on the arrangement of manpower to have Zippendale Airport surrounded on all sides that even a fly wouldn’t be able to fly out.
Nonetheless, he felt unsettled and simply couldn’t shake off the feeling that something was off, but he just couldn’t figure it out. In the end, after mulling it over for a moment, he ordered Jaxon, “In order to ensure that everything goes according to plan, we’ll have men tailing Yvette Tanner the very second she’s released. Arrange for several teams so they don’t lose her.” 
Fabian pointed at the requisite roads from the jail to Zippendale Airport. It was only after the arrangements for manpower had been done did he finally breathe easier. 
When Jaxon saw his meticulous arrangements, he couldn’t help marveling, Wow, this is truly perfect! This time, Yvette Tanner and that mysterious woman won’t be able to escape anymore! At the thought that he would soon be able to retrieve the blackmail material someone else had of him, he inexorably grew emotional. “I’ve really got to thank you this time, Mr. Norton. If it weren’t for you, I would probably be facing dismissal!” 
Then, he grabbed Fabian’s hand and continued earnestly, “If you have need of me in the future, I’ll go through fire and water for your sake.”
###Chapter 1312
Chapter 1312 
Upon hearing that, Fabian was rendered speechless. Huh? What’s this? Are we filming a historical drama here? Go through fire and water? Do you think I would be asking you to walk on red-hot iron? Well, unless I have lost my mind! 
“Mr. Dane, don’t relax too early. Let’s wait until the matter is settled before we speak of anything else,” Fabian murmured mildly, still pondering whether there were other flaws in his plan. 
“I have full confidence in you, Mr. Norton. They definitely can’t escape you!” Jaxon proclaimed, grinning widely. 
Conversely, Fabian couldn’t get his spirits up at all. “I hope so,” he replied placidly. 
When he went home, Hannah was already asleep. Seeing that, he shook his head with a chuckle. She must have been exhausted from work today. 
Early the next morning, Fabian woke up groggily. Before he had even opened his eyes, he reached out to pull the person beside him into his embrace out of habit, only to feel cool bedsheets beneath his hand. 
“Hmm?” 
He jolted awake at once. When he saw no one beside him, curiosity gripped him. Where did Hannah go? She usually sleeps a lot, so why did she wake up so early today? 
Just as he was ruminating on that, the room door swung open, and Hannah walked in. “I’ve already prepared breakfast, and it’s in the microwave. Remember to heat it up when you’re going to eat later. I’ve got a meeting today, so I have to go to work earlier.”
After saying that, Hannah whirled around, but Fabian called out to her, “Wait a moment!” 
“What is it?” Hannah turned back around in slight puzzlement. 
By then, Fabian had already jumped out of bed and was striding toward her. At that moment, he was just in his underwear, and his body was devoid of any other scrap of clothing. 
As he drew closer and his alluring figure became all the more distinct, Hannah’s breathing became erratic. 
He isn’t planning to have a quickie with me, is he? And why is he so eager the moment he wakes up? Was he a monk in his previous life? Dang it! 
Hannah automatically drew her assumptions while criticizing Fabian for having too strong a sex drive. 
As Fabian stared at Hannah, who appeared a tad shy, his lips inexorably curved into a smirk. Then, he kissed her on the forehead. 
“All the best in your work, and remember not to tire yourself out.” 
He then walked out after saying that, leaving Hannah standing there alone dazedly, at a loss for words. 
A few moments later, Hannah finally snapped back to her senses. Lightly propping a hand against her forehead, she swallowed incredulously even as she muttered, “When did he become so caring? Has hell frozen over today?” 
In the next instance, butterflies fluttered in her stomach, creating a beautiful vista that was incredibly breathtaking. 
But in the next moment, she shook her head hard and forced herself to snap out of her fantasy. What’s wrong with me today? Why am I thinking about such a thing? Argh! This is so embarrassing! In fact, it’s
downright mortifying! 
Meanwhile, Fabian went to the office after washing up and having breakfast to deal with all the business matters that had piled up over the past few days. As for the matter regarding Yvette, he had already made the necessary arrangements, so there was no need for him to go over personally. 
On the contrary, Yvette, who was in jail, was exceedingly despondent at that time. She hadn’t slept a wink last night, yet she couldn’t figure out why Lyna wanted her to go to A Nation. This isn’t what I want! I want to eliminate Hannah Young and bag Fabian Norton for myself! 
While she was still deep in thought, the jail cell was unlocked. 
“You’re really lucky to have such good looks. Someone powerful took a fancy to you and got you out with his connections,” a prison guard drawled while smacking his lips at her. 
Nevertheless, Yvette wasn’t at all surprised since all those arrangements had been made before she was sent to jail. 
Shortly after, she changed her clothes and sauntered out of the jail gates. Unbeknownst to her, several people were watching her with binoculars from afar. 
She looked around and was greeted by the sight of a red Porsche parked a near distance ahead on the left side. It must be Lyna who came to pick me up, she reckoned. 
Thus, she strode over. 
The moment she got into the car, she saw a woman sitting in the car, but it wasn’t Lyna. “Huh? Where is she?”
###Chapter 1313
Chapter 1313 
“You’ll know in a while,” the woman murmured without answering Yvette’s question. Then, she ordered the driver coolly, “Gun it.” 
When the driver heard that, he immediately started the engine and zoomed off with a woosh at an astounding speed. 
“Follow the car! Tail it at once!” 
At the top of a nearby building, Jaxon held a pair of binoculars in a hand even as he bellowed at the top of his lungs into the walkie-talkie in his other hand. 
That was directly linked to his career, after all, so he was naturally on the edge of his seat. 
“Roger!” 
The black car behind the red Porsche started its engine and sped away at once after having received the order, following close behind the Porsche. 
However, an ordinary car was no match for a Porsche. In next to no time, the Porsche had left the black car in the dust. 
“Car A has lost the target! Car A has lost the target! The target is heading toward Car C! Car C, take over! Tail the target, Car C!” the man in the passenger seat of the black car shouted into a walkie-talkie. 
“Car C has spotted the target and tailing it. I repeat, Car C has spotted the target and tailing it.” 
A silver sports car zoomed out from a corner of the street and followed the car closely.
At that, Jaxon finally breathed a sigh of relief. Inwardly, he lauded Fabian, Phew! It’s a good thing Fabian made such meticulous arrangements. Otherwise, she would’ve escaped. 
Subsequently, the exact same scenario repeated itself time and again. As the red Porsche transporting Yvette continued driving, one car after another followed and lost her before another car again managed to take over. The pursuit between Yvette and Fabian was truly a fiery battle. 
“Car G has lost the target! Car G has lost the target! The target is heading toward Car H! Car H, take over! Car H, take over!” 
“Negative! Car H doesn’t see any sign of the target! Negative! Car H doesn’t see any sign of the target!” 
“What? They lost her? How is that possible? My men are positioned at all intersections, so how could they have lost her?” 
Unbidden, a few beads of cold sweat trickled down Jaxon’s forehead. Yvette Tanner must have realized that she’s being tailed! If she has truly escaped, then my video clip will be circulated! If that happens, then my job… 
At that thought, he stomped his feet in a fit of pique. Snatching up the walkie-talkie, he boomed, “Find her! Car H, stay where you are and wait there! Meanwhile, Car A to G converge to the area and carry out a search! Unless she has grown wings and flew away, she’s definitely still in that area!” 
Despite his towering rage, he still had a shred of sanity left and knew that Yvette was in that area, no doubt. 
“Car H has spotted the target! Car H has spotted the target and is now in pursuit! I repeat, Car H is now in pursuit!”
Upon hearing those words drifting out of the walkie-talkie, Jaxon couldn’t help but heave a sigh of relief. “That almost gave me a damn heart attack! Phew! Thank God they found find her. That was truly a stroke of luck!” 
Luckily, he wasn’t suffering from a heart condition, or he might have truly passed out and died from the fright. 
“Mr. Dane, the car suddenly slowed down for some reason. It’s now going so slow that we have no problem tailing it. Even overtaking it is a piece of cake!” 
“What? Overtaking it? Have you lost your mind? I asked you to tail the car! Did you think you’re there to race?” Jaxon reprimanded furiously when he heard that from an officer. 
Hah! Yvette Tanner has probably realized that she can’t escape, so she has given up the fight. 
“Hmph! Yvette Tanner, huh? Just you wait. When I’ve gotten the video clip, I’ll destroy you and that sister of yours. I’ll definitely find a few strapping men to torture you!” Jaxon snarled ruthlessly. 
If it weren’t for them, I, Jaxon Dane, would be enjoying myself somewhere out there right now! That incident had a great impact on him. In fact, it made him so paranoid that even at home, he would check whether there was a camera near the television before he got intimate with his wife. Worse still, he didn’t even dare do it outside anymore. 
Just when Jaxon was feeling relieved, Fabian received a phone call. 
“Hello, Mr. Norton. I’ve already gotten the information on Yvette Tanner’s flight ticket as per your instructions.” At that, the person on the other end of the phone paused for a moment before continuing, “It’s a flight to A Nation from Zippendale Airport at nine-forty this morning, and it’s a first-class ticket at that.”
Hearing that, Fabian glanced at the watch on his wrist before nodding. Yup, this is it!
###Chapter 1314
Chapter 1314 
However, that wasn’t all, for the person on the other end then spoke again. “Strangely enough, she also bought another flight ticket to A Nation from a different airport in the city, Denville Airport. And it’s also a nine-forty flight. 
“What?” 
Having no time to waste, Fabian immediately hung up and phoned Jaxon. 
“Hello. Did we lose Yvette Tanner?” Fabian cut straight to the chase the moment the call was answered. 
When Jaxon saw that it was Fabian, he instantly replied, “No, we didn’t lose her. It was all thanks to your detailed plan and brilliant brains. Otherwise, I truly couldn’t manage…” 
His heart that had been in his throat had finally settled back in his chest, so he leisurely chatted with Fabian. 
“Did we ever lose her throughout the drive? Was she out of sight at any point?” Fabian demanded anxiously, not at all in the mood to chat with him. 
“Yeah, we lost her for a bit near the stadium in the city center, but we quickly managed to find her again. Plus, she’s now going very slow. I think she must have given up the fight. This is all thanks to you. If it weren’t for you…” 
Before Jaxon had even finished speaking, Fabian had already hung up. 
Nevertheless, Jaxon didn’t realize the gravity of the matter, for he then poured himself a cup of tea and leaned back against the chaise lounge peacefully. As he hummed softly, he even groused, “Hmph! He’s
just a bit smarter than me, but is that reason enough to be so rude?” 
“What an idiot! He isn’t even aware that he has lost Yvette Tanner!” 
Fabian then scrutinized the map of the city. The stadium area makes up the city center of the entire Baykeep, so traffic is extremely heavy. Yvette Tanner must have switched cars at the place since that’s the best spot. 
In the next moment, he whipped out his cell phone and rang up a trusted aide who was relatively close to that airport. “Hello. Investigate the flight to A Nation from Denville Airport at once, and keep guard at the boarding gate. If you see Yvette Tanner, the actress whom I previously sponsored, seize her and anyone else who’s with her at once.” 
“Understood,” the person answered without even thinking about it. 
After Fabian had given his instructions, he finally let out the breath he had been holding. Picking up the map, he started studying it. 
The stadium area is very congested, so it will take at least ten minutes before a car can get out of there. It’s already a quarter past nine now, so if she were to get stuck here for ten minutes, she can’t possibly reach the airport by nine thirty-five even if she drives all the way there at a hundred and ten miles per hour. Even with the exclusive passage for first-class passengers, she can’t possibly arrive in time to board the plane. 
He then pointed at something or other on the map as he turned the matter over in his mind. 
If she were to switch to a motorcycle near the stadium and take the motorist lane at the side, it’ll only be a matter of two or three minutes. Thus, she must have switched to a motorcycle before switching
back to a car, and finally, arriving at the airport. Yes, this is the route! Other than this road, there’s no other route that will enable her to reach the airport by nine thirty-five. Therefore, this must be it! 
After giving it due consideration, Fabian phoned his trusted aide again. “I’m sending you a location. Get some men over and barricade this road on both ends. Remember, don’t allow anyone to pass.” 
“Understood!” 
Once again, the trusted aide agreed without even thinking about it. He believed that Fabian must have considered the consequences, so there was naturally nothing for him to worry about. 
Of course, Fabian had his reasons for entrusting the task to his trusted aide instead of Jaxon. Firstly, Jaxon wasn’t quite reliable, so he was afraid that Yvette would escape again. Secondly, Jaxon was rather far from the location, so Yvette would probably be long gone by the time he made it there. 
Meanwhile, he reassigned his trusted aide from the airport to the task of barricading the road because there were too many risky factors at the airport. If Yvette were to realize that something was amiss at the airport and ran off, it would be difficult to capture her. Conversely, it was different when she was on the road. As long as she entered the road, she was a sitting duck without any escape route. And he was certain that she would definitely choose that road if she was headed to the airport. 
Actually, he wanted to leave another group of people at the airport as backup, but alas, there wasn’t enough manpower. Hence, this was the best he could do. Nonetheless, he was still confident that they would be able to apprehend Yvette.
###Chapter 1315
Chapter 1315 
“Mr. Dane, both of our targets are in sight. Should we make an arrest?” 
“Are you certain? They’re both women, and one is rather tanned, while the other is Yvette Tanner?” Jaxon hastily asked. 
It’ll be bad if that person isn’t Yvette Tanner’s sister, and we inadvertently alerted them to our presence. 
“Mr. Dane, one of them is fair, while the other is tanned. However, we can’t see their faces. All we can see is their backs. But we are certain that they alighted from a red Porsche. Should we make an arrest?” the officer, who was keeping watch at the airport, inquired once more. 
At that question, Jaxon gritted his teeth. Alright, I’ll just bite the bullet! As long as Yvette Tanner is in my hands, she won’t dare do anything to me! 
Thus, he commanded resolutely, “Attention to all officers, go ahead and make the arrest now. I repeat, make the arrest now!” 
“Roger.” 
Just as that word fell, more than twenty plainclothes police officers popped out from around the airport and surrounded “Yvette” and her companion. 
However, “Yvette” and her companion weren’t at all panicked when they were surrounded. Rather, they had smiles on their faces. With calm and unruffled expressions, they then asked the plainclothes police officers, “May I know what’s happening here, officers?” 
All at once, the twenty or so plainclothes police officers were all dumfounded. Who are these two people? That’s not Yvette Tanner!
“Spit it out! Where is Yvette Tanner?” one of the plainclothes police officers barked as he pointed his gun at that person’s head. 
“Who’s Yvette Tanner? I don’t know anyone with that name.” 
“What did you just say? You don’t know her? Who are you trying to fool? Why are you two here at the airport if not to cover for them?” 
“We’re here to pick someone up from the airport.” 
At that precise moment, a middle-aged woman walked over and called out to the fake “Yvette”, saying, “Linda, I’m here! It’s been a long time. Did you miss me?” 
All the police officers were bamboozled as they didn’t know how to explain the whole event to Jaxon. 
And right on cue, just as they were stressing over that, their walkie-talkies suddenly squawked. In the next instance, Jaxon’s voice drifted out. “How did it go? Do you all have them in custody?” 
All the police officers stared at each other, yet no one said anything, afraid that Jaxon would vent his anger on them. 
“Hello? Can you all hear me? Answer me!” 
A sense of dread abruptly crept into Jaxon when he didn’t receive any reply from his subordinates. 
“Hello? Say something!” Jaxon shouted for the third time. But still, he was greeted by silence. All at once, panic engulfed him, and his hands shook uncontrollably. 
Don’t tell me all twenty or so police officers have been gunned down…? 
As that thought occurred to him, fear seized him, and he darted his gaze around. Even the air felt much colder to him out of the blue. Could they really be so brazen?
Trembling, he took out his cell phone to call Fabian for help. But just at that exact moment, a voice drifted out of his walkie-talkie. “We heard you, Mr. Dane.” 
As it all happened so suddenly, such terror struck Jaxon when he heard the reply that he fell onto the ground on his butt. It was a while later before he realized that it was his subordinate who spoke. “What? Why didn’t any of you answer me when I spoke earlier? I thought all of you had fallen in the line of duty!” Without waiting for the man to reply, he then demanded, “How did it go? Have you all arrested them?” 
After pondering for a moment, one of the police officers bit the bullet and answered, “We have them, but…” 
Before he had even finished speaking, exhilaration imbued Jaxon, and he interrupted, “Good, good! It’s great that you guys successfully arrested them! You can all return now. Thank you for your hard work! Come over here and get a little token from me. Everyone who has participated in the mission this time will be rewarded!” 
“But the two people we arrested weren’t Yvette Tanner and her conspirator. We made a wrongful arrest,” one of the police officers finally broke and blurted into the walkie-talkie. 
“What?” Jaxon’s jaw dropped at once, and he questioned incredulously, “You mean, Yvette Tanner has escaped?” 
“Yes.” 
The moment Jaxon heard that definite answer, a chill encased his heart, and even the walkie-talkie in his hand slid to the ground. 
I… I’m doomed!
Bitterness filled him, and words eluded him. It was a flawless plan, yet it had all been in vain! At the end of the day, I still can’t escape the fate destiny has in store for me!
###Chapter 1316
Chapter 1316 
Two drops of bitter tears trickled down Jaxon’s cheeks, and his face was a mask of utter despair. He then sneered, seemingly in self-derision, mocking his own incompetency. 
I had such a glorious life, but why didn’t I appreciate it? I had such an amazing wife and daughter, so why didn’t I cherish them? And I had such wonderful dom, yet why didn’t I value it? Why… just why? 
All of a sudden, he was enlightened and understood the things he failed to cherish in life before this predicament. However, it’s all too late! I don’t have a chance to turn over a new leaf anymore, and I’m about to lose everything I have! 
At that precise moment, his cell phone rang with a call from Fabian. Jaxon languidly answered the call, for he was now completely disheartened and had no hope left. 
“I’m aware of the turn of events, Mr. Norton. I really thank you for having lent me a hand. Although we failed this time, I know you were truly sincere in helping me…” 
Before he could finish speaking, Fabian cut him off, saying, “Who told you we have failed?” 
Upon hearing that, a glimmer of hope flickered across his eyes, but it was gone in the next instance. “You don’t have to lie to me, Mr. Norton, for I already know everything. I’d like to say that I’m really honored to have had a friend like you…” 
Fabian was rendered speechless for a moment. What’s he going on about? Why does he sound as though he’s bidding me farewell? Nonetheless, he then declared, “I’ve already had her blocked in on Falcon Bridge heading to Denville Airport. Hurry up and send some men over, or I really won’t be able to control the situation.”
“Huh? What did you just say?” Jaxon’s eyes went wide when he heard that, and it was as though he had been revived from the dead. “Are you serious? You’re not lying to me, are you?” he asked in disbelief. 
“Decide for yourself whether you want to come over!” 
Fabian then hung up the phone in aggravation. Is he crazy to ask me that question in such a critical situation? I’ve only sent a dozen or so men to rush over and barricade the road with four cars stopped horizontally. Meanwhile, the road is filled with people rushing to the airport, so the situation will be chaotic beyond words! 
“Oh my God! I love you to bits, Mr. Norton!” Jaxon hollered excitedly. 
Then, he immediately contacted a nearby police station and had them dispatch some officers over to help Fabian. 
“What are you guys doing? My flight is at ten o’clock, and the plane is going to take off soon. What am I going to do if I miss my flight because of this delay?” 
“Exactly! What are you guys doing? I’m going to lodge a police report if you don’t get out of my way!” 
“In my opinion, there’s no need to talk to them. Let’s just charge them and push the cars into the sea!” 
And so it continued, condemnations flying as everyone chimed in. 
The situation on Falcon Bridge was a chaotic mess. At the front of the crowd were four Lincolns stretched out horizontally in two rows, blocking everyone’s path. 
If it weren’t for the fact that the cars were rather luxurious, someone would’ve rammed right into them ages ago. Despite that, the majority of them were getting restless and wanted to charge forward.
“Why are the lot of you scared? We’ll just all charge forward and push the cars into the sea. Then, we can board our flights. The law is on our side. They’re disrupting public order, so even if the police arrive, they’ll definitely arrest them!” someone with a hot temper proclaimed. 
When the crowd heard that, they all nodded in agreement. These guys are indeed in the wrong, so while we’ll be going a bit overboard by doing that, it’ll still be far better than what they’re doing, the crowd reckoned in a bit to convince themselves. Then, they rolled up their sleeves and stalked forward. 
Upon seeing that the advancing crowd seemed intent on taking him down, Fabian’s trusted aide frowned. Although he had no idea why Fabian wanted him to do this, he knew that it was a decree that must be obeyed. No matter what, I must block off the crowd! 
As he deliberated his choices, his hand slowly slipped into the inner pocket of his jacket in the face of the approaching crowd. Whipping out a gun, he fired a shot at the sky. 
Bang! 
Click! 
Following that shot, everyone was instantly stunned. In the next instance, the situation turned chaotic as those who were at the front hastily scrambled back on their hands and knees without any regard for their image.
###Chapter 1317
Chapter 1317 
Amidst the chaos, a man retreated into the crowd in the back and stole a glance at Maximus as he whispered to the person next to him, “What the hell is going on here? Is this a robbery?” 
“Shh, keep it down! They might open fire!” 
Of course, Maximus was no fool either. He shouted at the retreating crowd in a loud and stern voice, “Keep quiet, all of you!” 
He waited until everyone had stopped in their tracks and were looking at him before continuing, “We’re undercover police, and there is a fugitive among you!” 
The reason he said that was to reduce the fear and panic in order to gain control over the crowd, and it seemed to work as the people slowly calmed down when they knew they were safe. 
“Just arrest the person, then! Jeez, you guys scared the hell out of me! I thought this was a robbery!” 
“What? I’ve suffered a huge loss because of this little stunt you pulled! I’m a huge taxpayer, okay? Do you have any idea how much tax I have to pay every year? Which station are you from? I want to file a complaint!” 
“Yeah, me too! I worked for the government!” 
The crowd went into another uproar and threatened to file complaints when they thought they were policemen. 
Maximus fired another round into the air to silence them as he shouted, “Shut up and return to your vehicles! You’ll be allowed to leave once you pass the inspection!”
Naturally, none of them listened to him after knowing that they weren’t in any danger. 
As the crowd continued to yell at him in disdain, someone approached him with a taser and threatened him, “Which station are you guys from, huh? You’d better move out of the way if you know what’s good for you! Otherwise, I’ll kick your a*ses and have my dad fire all of you!” 
That man was obviously the son of a high-ranking official as he wasn’t afraid of them in the slightest, especially after knowing that they were policemen. 
This guy wants to be a hero, huh? Fine, I’ll teach him a lesson for being so arrogant! I might even be able to deter the others from trying anything funny if I make an example out of him! 
With that thought in mind, Maximus began walking towards the man with a menacing look on his face. 
Being a retired special forces soldier who was an absolute beast on the battlefield, Maximus had an intimidating air about him that struck fear into everyone around him. Despite having a weapon in hand, the man that was threatening Maximus began trembling uncontrollably when he saw him approaching. “D-Don’t come closer! My dad is the Baykeep Deputy Chief of Police! He’ll make your life a living hell if you so much as lay a finger on me!” 
“Warhound!” 
Maximus turned around and saw that it was Fabian calling out to him. 
“Mr. Norton? What brings you here?” he asked while performing a military salute. Mr. Norton wouldn’t task me with something unless it was incredibly important or urgent, so I can’t believe he actually showed up in person for this! 
“Get the cars out of here and leave the rest to them,” Fabian instructed him with a nod, avoiding the question completely.
###Chapter 1318
Chapter 1318 
As Hannah was involved in the incident, Fabian had rushed over right after putting Maximus on it. A man who can’t even protect his woman can’t possibly hope to succeed in his career, after all! 
Maximus knew things were serious when he saw the huge number of uniformed policemen behind Fabian, but he chose not to ask any questions and drove all four Lincolns away as told. 
The police then set up roadblocks and checked every vehicle before letting anyone leave the area. 
With Jaxon backing them up, the police had no qualms about arresting the man who threatened Maximus earlier for obstruction of justice and did so on the spot. 
“Mr. Norton, how are you so certain that they would take this road out of here?” Jaxon asked suspiciously. 
“I will explain everything to you later, Mr. Dane. Right now, our top priority is to catch them before they leave this area,” Fabian replied calmly while staring into the distance. 
Although Jaxon didn’t quite understand what was going on, he had no other options and nodded helplessly. 
“Have you sealed off the other end of this road?” Fabian asked with a frown when the roadblock inspection yielded no results. 
“Yes, Mr. Norton. I assure you, no one is getting out of here,” Jaxon replied. 
“Hmm?” The look in Fabian’s eyes grew cold as he stared at two people in the distance.
“What’s wrong, Mr. Norton? Is there a problem?” Jaxon asked anxiously when he saw the confused look on Fabian’s face. 
Having put everything on the line for Fabian, Jaxon would lose it all if anything were to go wrong on his end. 
After giving it some thought, a confident smile formed on Fabian’s face as he summoned Maximus and whispered something into his ear. 
After hearing what he said, Maximus grew suspicious of the two as well and ran towards them without another word. 
Noticing the smile on his face, Jaxon asked, “Have you managed to find them, Mr. Norton?” 
Fabian shook his head slightly and replied, “You’ll find out soon enough, Mr. Dane.” 
He wasn’t actually certain if his guess was correct, so arresting the two individuals was the only way to find out. 
“Here you go, Mr. Norton! I’ve brought them over as you asked!” 
Fabian nodded and motioned at him to step aside before questioning the two, “Now then, do you two have anything you would like to tell me?” 
The two men were sweating anxiously and seemed to be in great fear as their darted around rapidly, but Fabian simply stood there in silence as he waited for their answer. 
Eventually one of them gave in to the pressure and begged Fabian for mercy, “We apologize for causing a ruckus earlier… Please let us go…” 
“Mr. Norton, what is the meaning of…”
Jaxon was confused as to why Fabian chose to arrest them. Wasn’t he looking for Yvette? Why’d he arrest these guys instead? 
However, Fabian stopped him with a wave before he could finish his sentence. 
He then leaned in closer to the two guys and asked with a smile on his face, “Are you sure? Just so you know, you guys only get one chance at this. If you tell me the truth, I might just spare your lives!” 
“We…” 
“Are you for real? You’re not lying to us, are you?” 
The two of them loosened up a little when they heard what Fabian said.
###Chapter 1319
Chapter 1319 
“Of course! I’m a man of my word!” 
“All right, we’ll talk… So, here’s what happened…” 
According to them, Lyna had instructed them to bring the recording over to her at the airport last night. They claimed to not know anything else, and Fabian could tell that they weren’t lying when they said so. 
“You’re to go once you tell me what that person looks like, and hand over the recording.” 
Fabian decided to let them go as he knew arresting them was pointless anyway. These guys are the lowest on the totem pole and were only doing this because they urgently needed the money… I know it all too well… 
“Of course! That woman…” one of the guys was quick to begin his description before handing Fabian a videotape that he had pulled out of his crotch. 
Fabian frowned at him in response and refused to take it. 
“I… Uh… I hid it there because I saw you guys examining everyone…” the man explained awkwardly. 
To their surprise, Jaxon rushed forward, snatched the videotape from his hands, and began kissing it with a look of relief on his face. Thank goodness I’ve finally found it! Man, I was scared sh*tless! 
He was so glad that he didn’t even care about the strange look Fabian gave him. Thinking that Fabian found him ungrateful, Jaxon even offered to give him a few kisses.
“That’s quite all right, Mr. Dane! You don’t have to thank me like that!” Fabian exclaimed while taking a few steps back. I’m not into men, and besides… How could you be so gross as to kiss something from that guy’s… Ugh! This is so disgusting that I feel like puking! 
“What do we do now, Mr. Norton?” Jaxon asked after calming down and realizing they haven’t found Yvette. 
“Hmm… Keep looking. There’s no way they could’ve gotten to the airport in such a short span of time, so they must still be in the crowd,” Fabian said after giving it some thought. 
“All right!” Jaxon didn’t really understand what Fabian meant, but he had nothing to worry about now that he had found the videotape. 
“Lyna, aren’t we going to A Nation? What are we doing here?” Yvette asked, feeling confused as to why they were hiding in a villa that Lyna had found. 
“Heh… You see, this is why I’m in charge of coming up with the plans. Had we not found a place to lay low like this, Fabian would’ve caught us both by now!” Lyna explained with a chuckle. 
“You’re amazing, Lyna! I bet Hannah doesn’t even realize she’s being played like a fool!” Yvette exclaimed in awe. 
After giving it some thought, Yvette continued, “So, what do we do next?” 
“Next, we ruin their relationship so you can swoop in and take Hannah’s place!” Lyna replied with a sinister grin. 
At that point, Lyna no longer gave a damn about marrying Fabian. All she wanted was to acquire Phoenix Group and become the most powerful person in the country.
“I see… Thank you very much, Lyna!” Yvette said with a smile, thinking Lyna was genuinely trying to help her out. 
“Don’t get too full of yourself just yet. Even with my help, marrying into the Norton family isn’t going to be easy. Listen up, here’s what we’re going to do…” 
Lyna then explained her scheme to Yvette in great detail. 
“Are you serious, Lyna? Isn’t that a little…” 
Yvette stared at Lyna in disbelief when she heard how ruthless her plan was. I just want to be with Fabian, not destroy him completely! 
“Don’t worry! Fabian’s pretty powerful, so he won’t be destroyed that easily! Even if it does come to that, you could just step in and help him take care of everything! I bet he’d marry you in a heartbeat!”
###Chapter 1320
Chapter 1320 
Lyna had thought of that lie to keep Yvette in check so she would go along with her plan. 
“All right, then. I’ll do as you say,” Yvette agreed after giving it some thought, much to Lyna’s delight. 
“We’ve checked everyone, Chief! There are no signs of the individuals you’re looking for!” the police captain reported to Jaxon. 
“Understood. You guys can head on back for now,” Jaxon said with a frown. 
He then got into the Lincoln with Fabian and prepared to leave the area. 
“Mr. Norton, do you think we’re missing something here?” Jaxon asked. 
Fabian was in deep thought wondering where they could be hiding when his phone started ringing. He frowned when he saw the caller ID, but answered it anyway, “Hello?” 
“Hello, Mr. Norton. I’ve looked into the flight headed towards A Nation today, and there were indeed two special passengers named Sally Young and Wendy Wagner respectively.” 
Fabian was shocked when he heard that and let out a sigh after hanging up the phone. Does that mean the two of them got away? 
Jaxon had a stern expression on his face too as he asked, “What happened, Mr. Norton? Did they escape?” 
Fabian nodded. “Yeah, I’ve just been told that they took a flight out of here.” 
Jaxon furrowed his brows when he heard that, but felt relieved at the same time as he had managed to retrieve the videotape. “Thank goodness we’ve managed to get the videotape back.”
Fabian began running an analysis of Baykeep’s map in his head and shook his head in denial as he visualized the long and narrow road leading to the airport. That’s impossible… This road is the only one that could get them to the airport before 9:35 a.m.! If this is the road they took, then they couldn’t have made it past Maximus who arrived here at 9:20 a.m.! How on earth did they get to the airport? 
“This doesn’t make any sense… Why would they leave the videotape behind if they could escape?” Fabian couldn’t help but voice out his question in confusion. 
“Perhaps they got delayed by something? Or maybe, they forgot about it and asked someone to bring it to them?” 
“That’s impossible!” Fabian dismissed his suggestions and continued to think hard for answers. 
Jaxon shook his head helplessly when he saw Fabian racking his brain like that. He couldn’t care less about those two as he had gotten the videotape back and could finally get some quality sleep after being stressed out throughout the past few days. 
Wait a minute… The videotape… They left it behind on purpose so Jaxon would stop going after them! As for how they got to the airport, I can only think of two possibilities… They either took a private jet there or just went into hiding and never left the country at all! Given how big Chanaea is, there’s no way we’d be able to find them anytime soon! If that’s the case, Hannah is still in danger as Yvette could make her move anytime! I can’t rest until I get to the bottom of this! The mysterious person who is working with Yvette sure is a cunning one… 
Fabian let out another sigh at the thought of that. 
“Phew… It’s finally done… Man, I’m tired…” Hannah mumbled to herself as she stretched in her chair at the office.
###Chapter 1321
Chapter 1321 
She was exhausted from having to reorganize all of her files urgently after being assigned to a small team. 
After giving it some thought, she decided to go see Bob in his office. 
“Oh? Our star employee… Please, do take a seat! Have some tea while you’re at it!” Bob called out to her respectfully the moment she came in through the door. 
Being able to work with the wife of the great Fabian Norton was a great honor in itself, but… What’s even better is the amount of profits we’ve been making out of their relationship! 
Hannah couldn’t help but roll her eyes at his pretentious act. This guy takes bootlicking to a whole new level… Well, I know he’s just kidding, so I don’t really mind it. He used to say the same things too whenever I performed well back then. 
“Come on, Mr. Dijon! Drop that, will you?” 
“All right, all right… So, what did you need from me?” Bob asked with a chuckle. 
Hannah wouldn’t just drop by my office unless she ran into some problems, after all! W-Wait… problems? What could it be? She’s not here to tender her resignation, is she? 
Bob then quickly stood up and poured Hannah a cup of tea as he said, “Hannah… I mean, Ms. Young… What do you think of me? You know, being your superior and all…” 
Hannah nearly choked on the tea that she had taken a sip of when she heard that. 
“What are you trying to say, Mr. Dijon?” Hannah asked awkwardly, feeling uncomfortable all over.
“Come on, just answer the question!” Bob pressed on. 
“Ah, um… You’ve always been looking out for me, Mr. Dijon. I really appreciate it, but…” 
Hannah figured it would be a great opportunity to bring up the issue she was facing, but Bob cut her off before she could continue. 
“Stop, Ms. Young! Please, my heart can’t take it.” 
He was clutching his chest with both hands and looked like he was about to cry, much to Hannah’s confusion. 
All I want is to stop doing Xavier’s exclusive interviews. Why is he reacting so strongly like this? 
“Are you not satisfied with how things are over here? You’re a group leader now, and you’ll soon become a senior editor like me! Besides, your work isn’t even that tiring…” 
Bob went on and on while Hannah stared at him and struggled to figure out what he was trying to say. 
“Mr. Dijon, I… I just want…” Hannah struggled to find the right words as she figured Bob had probably misunderstood her intentions. 
“You can have anything you want as long as you don’t resign! Anything at all!” 
Okay, he’s definitely gotten the wrong idea here. I’m not here to tender my resignation, damn it! And even if I was, this reaction is kind of overboard… 
What Hannah didn’t know was her contribution to the company in the past two months had led to it becoming one of the best in the industry. As her direct superior, Bob too benefited greatly from the success.
“I…” 
Hannah was about to say something in response, but Bob cut her off once again, “Please think this through, Hannah! You’ll have to bear the legal consequences if you give me a heart attack here!” 
He then grabbed hold of the corner of his desk as if to brace himself for the shock.
###Chapter 1322
Chapter 1322 
“I’m not here to resign, Mr. Dijon!” Hannah shouted at him in frustration. My goodness! Since when did Mr. Dijon become like dramatic? 
“What? You’re not? Jeez, why didn’t you say so sooner? You have scared the hell out of me!” Bob exclaimed while wiping the sweat off his forehead. 
“Well, I would have if you had given me a chance to say anything at all!” Hannah muttered softly under her breath before looking Bob in the eye as she continued, “Mr. Dijon, I came here to ask you if you could have someone else in the team handle Xavier’s interviews.” 
Having married Fabian, Hannah didn’t want Xavier and Fabian fighting over her anymore. 
“Huh, so that’s what you wanted to tell me?” 
Bob began pacing about as he thought about it. Has it been anything else, I would’ve been able to make the decision without any hesitation. However, this could affect the company’s growth and development in the future, so I have to be very careful with the side that I take. Xavier Jackson has personally requested for Hannah to do his interviews, so he probably wouldn’t agree to have someone else do it in her stead, but if I don’t get someone else to do it, I’ll have to worry about Fabian Norton. Argh, it’s too hard for me! Screw it, I’ll leave it to the higher-ups to decide then! That way, I won’t get into trouble no matter what decision they make! 
With that in mind, Bob turned towards Hannah as he said, “This isn’t something I can decide on my own, so I’ll bring your request to the higher-ups and inform you on their decision when it’s done. Will that be okay?”
Hannah let out a helpless sigh when she heard that and left his office feeling dejected. Looks like all hope is lost. What difference does it make by having the higher-ups decide on this? They’re faced with the exact same concerns as he is! Both Fabian and Xavier are from the five prominent families, so there’s no way to make that decision without crossing either one of them! At this point, I might as well forget about it and try my best to move on… 
Little did she know, her idea was never going to work because Yvette and Lyna were scheming about it. 
“Lyna, I’ve been thinking about this last night, and I think I have an idea on how to deal with Hannah…” Yvette said. 
An idea on how to deal with Hannah? Lyna got curious when she heard that. “Oh? What is it?” 
“I have a cousin brother who holds quite a high position in the company that Hannah works in, so I was thinking of having him drive a wedge between her and Fabian…” Yvette explained. 
“Oh, I see what you mean. We can create a bunch of misunderstandings through Xavier, and let Fabian’s possessiveness do the rest of the work. That’ll make it even easier for you to steal his heart!” Lyna took over and completed her idea. 
“Yeah, something like that. My cousin is on my side, so we can definitely count on him to get it done,” Yvette added. 
Lyna nodded. “In that case, have him arrange for Hannah to interview Xavier a couple more times, and we’ll get someone to take pictures of them together. It’d be even better if we can drug her and have Xavier sleep with her. There’s no way Fabian would still want to be with her then! Hahaha…”
Yvette agreed with Lyna’s idea and laughed along with her. I’ll finally be able to crush Hannah once and for all! Hahaha! 
“Hello?” 
Fabian leaned against his chair as he called up an old friend of his that used to study in A Nation with him back then. 
“My, my, what’s this? I didn’t expect you to call me after all these years! Did you receive the gift I prepared for you? It’s a shame I couldn’t make it back myself!”
###Chapter 1323
Chapter 1323 
Fabian had called him to have him help find out Yvette’s whereabouts as he couldn’t rest until he got rid of her. 
After exchanging pleasantries, Fabian decided to cut to the chase and said, “All right. I’ll get straight to the point here. I called you up today because I need your help with something.” 
“Oh? There aren’t a lot of things that you could possibly need help with, so this ought to be interesting. Let’s hear it, then!” the man said with a chuckle. 
“I need you to help me look up someone named Yvette Tanner. Do you know her?” Fabian asked. 
“Yvette? Never heard of her.” 
He had settled down with his family in A Nation ever since he graduated from university there, so it made sense that he didn’t know who Yvette was. 
“Okay, I’ll send you a fax with her picture. I need to know everything about her in A Nation, and I need you to be discreet about it.” 
“Sure.” 
Although curious as to why Fabian would make such a request, the man agreed to it without any further questions as Fabian didn’t seem willing to talk about it. 
The two of them then hung up after another brief exchange, and Fabian heard a knock on his door. 
“Come in,” Fabian said while rubbing his forehead.
Maximus came in and handed him a folder. “I’ve taken care of that thing you asked me to, Mr. Norton. Here are the files you requested.” 
“Sabrina Tanner?” Fabian frowned as he glanced through the files. What on earth is going on here? I didn’t know Yvette had an older sister named Sabrina when I ran a background check on her… Hmm… Apart from her academic records, the information here states that she was adopted by another family and has maintained a decent image all this while… A clean slate, I see… Very good, looks like I’ve met my match here… Yvette has certainly did well with her strategy, but she’s a hundred years too early if she thinks she can outplay me! 
Fabian slammed the file hard onto the floor and jabbed a finger at Maximus as he gave the order, “Find me two elite female bodyguards and get them positions in Hannah’s company so they’ll be able to ensure her safety at all times!” 
Meanwhile, Yvette was waiting for her cousin brother’s arrival inside a private room of a restaurant. He was one of the directors at Hannah’s company, so she needed his help to get Hannah and Xavier together. 
A man in a suit and tie came in through the door moments later, and his eyes lit up when he saw Yvette. 
“You’re finally here! I’ve been waiting for so long!” she said coquettishly. 
“Haha, sorry about that! Things were a little busy at work, so I got held up. You’re not mad at me, are you?” the man replied as he sat down in front of her. 
Yvette poured a cup of tea and handed it over to him. “There’s no way I could ever be mad at you!” 
He chuckled as he took a sip of the tea and stared at Yvette like a hungry wolf.
Yvette simply smiled at him in response as she sat down beside him and ran her hands mischievously over his chest, turning him on greatly. 
“Why didn’t you come to see me in so long? I’ve missed you so much!” she whispered as she placed her face on his neck while breathing gently into his ear.
###Chapter 1324
Chapter 1324 
“What are you doing, Yvette?” Yvette’s cousin looked nervous, but his wiener was rock hard. Yvette knew he was feeling great, so she chuckled, her alluring voice made her cousin shiver. 
“I know you want me, baby, because I know I want you.” Yvette wrapped her cousin’s neck with one arm, and she slid the other one into his suit, caressing him. 
“Of course, I want you.” Yvette’s cousin gulped with excitement. 
“Is that so?” Yvette unbuttoned his suit slowly and brushed her finger against his skin. 
“Of course. I can’t hold it in any longer.” Her cousin finally snapped. He shot up and pinned her down. Yvette’s cousin had liked her for a long time, but she was a famous celebrity. Moreover, she was surrounded by the rich and famous in her circle, so he had no chance to even get close to her, much less sleep with her. 
“In a hurry, are we?” Yvette didn’t resist much as her cousin groped her chest. Then she started moaning, looking as if she liked it, much to her cousin’s delight. 
Her cousin’s breathing turned heavier, and he started taking their clothes off, getting ready for the main event. But then Yvette’s phone rang at the crucial moment. 
Her cousin frowned. Really? Now? What a killjoy. 
Yvette threw him an apologetic look before covering herself with a shirt. She nodded at him, then Yvette took the call. “Hello? What? How did this happen? I—” 
Yvette looked shocked, obviously because she ran into some trouble. At the same time, her cousin was thinking, I wonder if she’d still do it with me after this. What the hell called her? What a killjoy.
Yvette’s cousin thought she’d grumble or bawl her eyes out after taking the call, but she didn’t. Surprisingly, she sat in silence for a moment, then she started sobbing. 
Crying was easy for an actor, and even more so for a talented one like Yvette. 
Yvette’s cousin eventually sat beside her and gave her a hug. “What’s wrong, Yvette? Tell me. I might be of some help.” And then he regretted it. Help? As if I can do anything about it. I can’t even f*ck her, much less help her. 
“Well, this is just infuriating!” She stared into his eyes lovingly and hugged him back. Then, she cried out loud. 
On the other hand, her cousin was having the time of his life. Thanks to what she was doing, he could feel her bare breasts, including her nipples, rubbing against him. “It’s fine, it’s fine. I’m here.” He had thrown logic out of the window. “Tell me what happened. I’ll help you out no matter what.” 
On the other hand, Hannah smacked her head with the document in her hand. Oh man! I totally forgot about that. She went to the employees’ office.
###Chapter 1325
Chapter 1325 
She relegated her task to her team before leaving in a hurry. She had promised her sister she’d bring Winson to their mother’s place. She called Helen after coming out. “Where are you, Helen? Sorry for the holdup. We were doing overtime, so I almost forgot about it.” 
“Is that so? You sure it isn’t because you were having too much fun with Fabian?” 
I am not that kind of woman, geez. 
“I’m in the villa Fabian set up for me. Winson’s here too. We’ve been waiting for more than an hour now. I was going to call you, but I was worried you might be doing the monkey dance with Fabian. Oh, just get here as soon as possible. We’re bored out of our minds here,” Helen grumbled. 
… 
Oh god, Helen. You can’t just say that out of nowhere. I was just working overtime. Hannah was amused by her sister, then she hung up and prepared to go to her place. 
“Hmm… Those guys have been staring at me for a while now. Did I get something on my face?” she mumbled and touched her face. 
“I don’t think so.” Hannah shrugged. Then, she went to Helen’s place. 
Yvette told her cousin the story she fabricated, including the one about her incarceration. Of course, she embellished it. Yvette knew she couldn’t hide it forever anyway. He might have already found out about it. 
“I see.” Her cousin nodded pensively.
“I-I’m scared. Hannah won’t stop ruining me. What should I do?” She looked at him tearfully. 
“That woman has gone too far! This is uncalled for since you just have some partnership with her husband!” her cousin barked indignantly and hugged her tighter. “It’s fine, Yvette. We can do something about it. Hannah’s working in my company, and I’m a manager, so I can help you out.” 
“Really?” You’ll help me?” Yvette looked excited, but only for a moment. The gleam in her eyes dimmed, then she said, “Forget it. I don’t want to drag you into this. Fabian will kill you if he finds out what you did. I think I should lay low for a while. Well, I have saved up a lot of money from my work, you see. It can last me for a while.” 
Yvette’s cousin panicked. “Are you saying I can’t do this, Yvette? Fabian’s nothing to me.” He wouldn’t admit his inferiority to her no matter what. Obviously, his ego had got the better of him. 
He had forgotten how terrifying Fabian truly was. Agitated, he boasted, “Bah, Fabian’s nothing. He’s just lucky he was born with a silver spoon, and that doesn’t mean he can do anything he wants.” 
“Just forget about it. I won’t forgive myself if you got yourself hurt because of me again.” Yvette was overjoyed that her cousin would stand up for her, but she didn’t show it. 
Instead, she pretended to dissuade him, as if she had his best interests in mind. 
“Not one more word, Yvette. I won’t let you suffer anymore. I swear,” he said firmly. 
It’s just Fabian. There is nothing I can’t handle. 
… 
Helen opened the door for Hannah. “Finally. You had us waiting,” she teased.
Hannah pouted at her. “I’m pretty sure I broke the speed limit on the way here. Besides, ten minutes isn’t even a wait.”
###Chapter 1326
Chapter 1326 
“Hannah!” Winson trotted up to her and smiled after noticing her arrival. 
“You are the best, Winson. Unlike a certain someone.” She threw a glance at Helen, as if telling her to learn from their brother. 
They made small chats before going to their mother’s place. The last visit was a failure because they didn’t prepare themselves, but she wouldn’t make the same mistake twice. Hannah had gotten someone to clean their mother’s place. 
“I see. Alright, I got it.” Fabian hung up and smiled, which he rarely did. He took his suit from the chair and hung it on his arm before going out. 
“Yeah, that’s right. How did you know about that?” Helen’s eyes widened, obviously surprised that the caller knew about something they shouldn’t. 
“Why not? There’s nothing I can’t find out about. It just requires some effort.” 
… 
Helen did not dignify that with a response. “Stop bragging.” She rolled her eyes. 
Hannah wondered who the caller was, but Helen’s attitude gave it away. It must be Jason. 
“Alright, alright. Wait for me at the town’s entrance. Fabian and I will be there right away.” And then Jason hung up. 
Helen gulped. “Wait, what? Are you kidding?” she asked Jason, but he had already hung up. “You hung up on me? Ooh, you’re so getting it.” She tightened her grip on the phone.
Hannah smiled wryly at her sister. “What’s wrong? What did Jason say?” 
“He said he and Fabian will meet up with us. One more thing, he told us to wait at the entrance of the place,” Helen answered. 
“What? How did they know where we’re going?” Hannah was surprised too, and then she slowed down to look at her sister in doubt. 
“Why are you looking at me? I didn’t tell them a word about this. Weren’t you listening? I was as surprised as you are,” Helen defended herself. 
“Who else then? Who would have told them about this?” Hannah didn’t believe her. 
Helen was about to explain when she noticed they were about to crash into a tree. “I… Look out, a tree!” she shouted at Hannah. 
Hannah snapped out of it and spun the steering wheel quickly, missing the tree by an inch. The car skidded to a halt, and Helen heaved a sigh of relief. “I know you don’t believe me, but was that really necessary?” 
“I… Well, but did you die?” Hannah looked at them. 
“Um, I think I should tell you about this,” Winson said sheepishly. 
“Sure. You don’t have to hide anything from me, you know. You’re my brother after all,” Hannah answered. 
“Okay.” Winson nodded and continued, “Actually, I was the one who told Fabian about this trip.” 
“What did you say? You told him about it? But why?” Hannah almost leaped in surprise.
“Well, I think having him around is nice,” Winson answered in earnest. 
Really? He didn’t have to tell Fabian about this. What has he bribed Winson with?
###Chapter 1327
Chapter 1327 
Hannah drove all the way to her mother’s hometown herself instead of informing Fabian about it because she didn’t want to get in the way of his work. 
Fabian had been missing in action for a while because of her. It might be a bit too much to say that’d cause the ruination of his company, but Hannah thought it was better to be safe than sorry. 
“Why? You don’t want him around? I think Fabian’s nice to you.” Winson looked at her quietly. 
“Well, that’s not exactly the case.” She smiled wryly. Hannah knew how nice Fabian was to him, and it’d be great if he could come along, but things weren’t that simple. 
Fabian was the president of Phoenix Group. He had a lot of matters to settle. If all he did was go around with her on her shenanigans, it’d mess the company up. She turned to her brother. “You don’t understand this yet, Winson, but Fabian has a lot of work to do, so we have to make sure we don’t bother him.” 
“Alright, I know now.” The boy nodded. 
Hannah put that aside and patted his head before going back to the journey. 
At the same time, her senior editor was in the office, mulling over a dilemma. He was deep in thought about Xavier’s interview by Hannah. My boss is going to call me incompetent if I tell him about it, but if I tell Ms. Morrison, my boss is going to blame me for not reporting it to him. 
He paced around in his office for a bit before arriving at a decision. I’m gonna tell Ms. Morrison about this. My promotion’s right around the corner. Even if I get it, my boss can’t do anything to me anymore. He stopped hesitating and went to Vivian’s office.
“Oh, hello, Mr. Dijon. Where are you going?” 
“Oh, hi, Mr. Wonder.” Darius was smiling, but Bob’s heart sank. Sh*t. Just my luck. My boss comes at the worst timing. “I was just looking for you,” he lied. 
Bob couldn’t tell him the truth. That’d be insubordination, and he bet Darius would be angry at him if he found out. 
“Were you? Do you have anything to report? Let’s talk about it in my office.” Then, he led Bob to his office. 
“Alright, you may speak up now,” he told Bob after they went into the office. 
“Do you know who Hannah is? The best employee of our team?” Bob was proud of her, for it was thanks to her, the company’s top brass praised his team during meetings. 
“Well, of course I do. She’s popular now.” Darius smiled. 
“Great. So here’s the thing, we know she got married to Fabian, the president of Phoenix Group, but Xavier has a grudge with Fabian. Nevertheless, Hannah’s going to interview him. She thinks it’d be awkward, so she wanted someone else to take her place.” 
“Well, sure.” Darius nodded. 
Bob paused for a moment. “Um, one more thing. Xavier specifically requested Hannah. He might get upset if we send someone else for the interview.” 
Darius looked troubled by that. He gave it some thought before answering, “How about this? Give me some time to think about it. I’ll tell the higher-ups if I can’t come up with a solution. I’ll get back to you by tomorrow morning.”
###Chapter 1328
Chapter 1328 
“Sure,” Bob answered. Then, he made small talk with Darius before leaving. Well, at least that’s taken care of. He felt a weight being lifted off his shoulders. Weird though. Wonder’s a petty little Napoleon who’d yell at everyone at the first chance he gets. Why’s he so easy-going today? 
Darius smirked after Bob left. He took his phone and called Yvette. “Yeah, it’s me. It’s done. Sit back and watch the show.” Darius Wonder was Yvette’s cousin, so he would never agree to Bob’s request. 
“Hey, what are you spacing out for?” Helen smacked Winson’s shoulder when she noticed he was spacing out. 
Jason jumped from the sudden shock, much to Helen’s amusement. “I had to or I’d puke if I see your ugly face any longer,” he retorted. 
“Are you calling me ugly? That’s absurd! I’m angelic, you know? You should feel proud for having me as your friend,” she pouted and mumbled to herself. 
“Are you serious? Thanks but no thanks.” 
Hannah had parked her car and came up to them. She told Fabian sheepishly, “So you’re here too, huh?” 
“Sounds like you don’t want me here.” He grinned at her. 
“I just think you’re really busy, so…” Hannah refuted him. 
He beamed and threw her an interested look. “You’re more important, you know.”
Her face turned scarlet, and she stared down in silence, as she was lost for words. He’s such a sweet talker. So different from how he was before our marriage. Was he kidnapped by aliens? 
Fabian stopped teasing her in case she got more flustered. “Alright, let’s go,” he told everyone. 
So all of them went toward the family house of Hannah’s mother. They knew the directions well since they had experience, so they arrived a short while later. 
“We were stopped by the weeds and couldn’t go in last time, but not anymore.” Hannah went up to the door and took out a key from her pocket to open the locked door. 
The surround in the yard was clear to see after the weeds had been cleared. They were greeted by a mural the moment they stepped into the house. Hannah gasped, for the mural was carved onto the wall, not drawn, unlike the ones that were sold in the market. 
She went up to touch it, and she could feel the years coursing within the mural. 
“This is super old. Don’t miss the craftsmanship,” Fabian praised. 
This is old? Does that mean it’s worth a lot then? That was what Hannah first thought. Hey, wait. Why am I thinking about money? My mother left me this house. 
Hannah shook her head and went inside. 
“Hey, Hannah. I thought mom said we can’t plant trees in the yard. Why are there two trees there?” Helen was surprised to see some trees in the yard. 
“She did not say that. Listen carefully, for god’s sake. She said we can’t plant only one tree. We gotta plant more than that.”
###Chapter 1329
Chapter 1329 
Helen can be a goofball sometimes. 
Helen was reminded of what their mother had told them, and she stared down awkwardly. 
“Why’s that, Hannah?” Winson asked curiously. 
Hannah pointed at the trees. “A single tree is lonely, you see. Trees can live for a long time. You don’t want it to be lonely.” 
Winson nodded. “I see. No wonder mom planted two trees.” 
Jason, who had been silent all the time said, “Yes, and they’re orange trees to boot. They’re evergreen, so I’m sure your mother must have wanted her family to live well.” 
Helen shook her head dismissively. She obviously didn’t buy it. “Are you sure about that, Mr. Know-it- all?” 
“Please don’t drag me down to your level. I told you there’s nothing I don’t know about.” Jason was upset about Helen’s doubt. 
“Jason’s right. Evergreen trees do have this meaning to them,” Fabian backed Jason up. 
Helen nodded awkwardly. “I-I see. Y-You just got lucky, I guess.” 
Hannah shook her head and went inside. She had looked around outside, but there was nothing odd about it. 
“Lucky? I’m well-read, unlike you. Hey, wait for me!” Jason bragged, but nobody entertained him. Even Winson went with Hannah, so he quickly followed them.
Hannah unlocked the door and tossed the lock to Helen, who observed it closely. It was a lock that could only be unlocked by a long key. The rust on it told of its long years, much to Helen’s interest. 
Fabian pushed the door. It swung open and dust assailed them. Hannah started coughing, while Fabian blocked her with his arm, only putting it down after the dust had settled. 
Hannah was surprised. He’s so caring. I would have married him so much earlier if I had known that he’d change so much after the wedding. A smile curled her lips, then she went inside. 
She noticed a plaque in the center with a pattern carved onto it, while a round table and two chairs were sitting under the plaque. 
Hannah thought the table looked stable as a rock. It looked very steady and elegant. This setup is obviously for guest meeting. 
… 
“Darius has made all the arrangements. I think Hannah’s going to go ham on Xavier.” Yvette and Lyna were chatting in a new villa. 
“Good. I’ll get some reporters to cover this. Everyone’s going to love this scandal. ‘Mrs. Norton Cheats On Her Husband With The President From Another Company’ Nice headline.” Lyna chuckled, praising herself for her intelligence, and laughing at Hannah for falling into her trap.
###Chapter 1330
Chapter 1330 
“But will Fabian believe it?” Yvette was worried. She thought anyone with a right mind wouldn’t buy the story, let alone a genius like Fabian. 
“Oh, don’t worry about it. Fabian won’t let anything tarnish his name, so he’s definitely going to ask. Once he asks, Hannah’s going to fight with him. That’s just how she is. And that’s when we can slide in like a well-lubed dildo. And besides, say it enough and the lie becomes the truth. Don’t worry about it.” Lyna smiled, obviously confident with her plan. 
“You’re right, Lyna.” Yvette nodded. “Can you come up with a plan that’ll make Xavier openly court Hannah? I don’t mind even if it’s because of his grudge against Fabian. He will never trust Hannah again if that happens.” 
Lyna had the same idea. She thought the best way was to rile up the hatred Xavier had for Fabian. That was a surefire way to make him openly court Hannah, but she had no idea how to get him to do that. 
She squinted, thinking about all the possible outcomes and how she should approach the relationship between Xavier and Fabian. 
A long while later, she said, “You’d better not do that. The Nortons and Jacksons are two of the five prominent families. Xavier and Fabian might have a grudge, but that won’t affect the relationship between their families. They’re on the same boat, so trying to sink that boat won’t be a good idea.” 
Lyna looked at Yvette, who was obviously dissatisfied with that answer. She paused for a moment before saying, “But that doesn’t mean you can’t do it.” 
“What do you mean?” Yvette was confused. How do I fan the flames when their families are friends?
“You don’t know Xavier well.” Lyna continued, “Xavier is a playboy. He has fooled with a lot of women, but everything changed after he met Hannah. He has stopped fooling around with any other woman after that.” 
“Really?” Yvette threw her a doubtful look. 
“Xavier’s a bona fide f*ckboy. I looked into his records and found out that he has sex every night, but that stopped after his meeting with Hannah.” Lyna smiled at Yvette. 
Yvette was doubtful but shocked at the same time. Is she that charming? That’s the president of the Jackson Group we are talking about. 
Lyna was quite pleased about Yvette’s reaction, and she chuckled. “I had the same look when I found out about it. I thought I got the wrong info, so I sent out my team for confirmation, and eventually, I know that it’s true.” 
She paused for a moment. “Now that we know about this, all we have to do is tell him a piece of fake info. Tell him Hannah isn’t happy with her marriage to Fabian. Xavier’s going to take it seriously and attempt to take her away from Fabian.” 
The news only served to annoy Yvette more. She couldn’t understand what was so good about Hannah. Why’s everyone head over heels for her? I’m a celebrity for Pete’s sake. She’s not any better than me. 
Yvette was angry, but she thought Lyna had a point. “And how should we tell Xavier that?”
###Chapter 1331
Chapter 1331 
Lyna shook her head. “I can’t do that. I came up with a plan for you, so it’s up to you now. I can’t do everything for you. You know I don’t have a lot of money now.” 
Yvette frowned in displeasure. She thought Lyna was trying to fool her, but then she thought Lyna had a point. There’s no point in this collaboration if I can’t do anything to contribute. 
Busting her out of that situation and keeping her safe in Baykeep was enough for Yvette to tell that Lyna was more than met the eye. Most people like her had a common flaw—overconfidence. Or to be precise—arrogance. Maybe this is her test for me. To see if I can become her comrade. 
She took a card out and handed it to Lyna. “Thanks for your help, Lyna. Here, take this card. It’s my token of gratitude. The money here’s going to be our funds. I’ll settle this matter myself.” 
Lyna was happy about Yvette’s answer. She wanted to see how much Yvette could contribute to their plan. If she couldn’t contribute financially or did nothing for her, Lyna wouldn’t do anything for her. Yvette would just be a scapegoat when the time came. 
Lyna smiled. “Thank you then, Yvette. I’ll use the funds for the cause, so don’t worry.” 
“Of course. I trust you, Lyna.” Yvette smiled. 
On the other hand, Hannah and her group had gone through the whole house without touching anything. Everything was still coated in dust. Hannah could have gotten someone to clean it up, but she didn’t want to. She wanted to do it herself. She wanted to be the first to hold everything her mother left for her. 
Hannah was feeling a little excited, for her mother left a ton of things for her. She could imagine living the golden years of her life with her family in the house. A peaceful farmer’s life, huh? That’s quaint.
“It’s getting late. Let’s go back.” Hannah gave the house one last look. 
Fabian looked at the time. It is getting late and it’s time to go home. He nodded in agreement. 
Hannah locked all the doors and smiled bitterly. My mother would be living in this house if she’s still alive. Well, It’s too bad that I can’t bring back the dead though. 
Hannah cheered herself up on the way back. Work hard, Hannah. You gotta prove yourself worthy of your mother’s estate. 
Helen noticed that the air hangs heavy like a dulling wine, so she said, “Hannah, can we have pizza at your place today? It’s been forever since we had a meal at your house.” 
Jason added, “Good idea. Dinner at your house sounds great. I wanna tag along.” 
Even Winson said, “Same here. I wanna go too.” 
Hannah smiled and looked at Fabian for permission. Fabian said coolly, “I’ve never had pizza at home before. I think it’s a hassle.” 
Everyone was crestfallen. Huh, are you serious, Fabian? Come on! 
“But it sounds like a plan, so we can give it a try,” he continued.
###Chapter 1332
Chapter 1332 
Helen picked up the pace. “Alright. Our next stop is to head home. It’s pizza time!” she gushed. 
Fabian and Hannah went their separate ways after coming back into the city. Fabian and Jason went home first, while Hannah and Helen went to grab the pizza ingredients. 
The two men got into the car, and Jason asked, “You wanna buy a Porsche or a BMW? I think Hannah likes sports car too, so why not get a Ferrari for her?” 
“Do I look like I’m buying a car?” Fabian asked. 
“But Hannah’s car was a total loss after the accident. Aren’t you going to get her a new one?” Jason pouted. 
“It can still work after some repairs,” Fabian made an offhand remark. 
Jason almost choked on himself. “Are you for real? You were never this stingy.” He gawked at Fabian. 
Fabian shook his head quietly and looked outside. He wasn’t being stingy. It was just that he knew Hannah would reject it even if he bought it for her. 
Even after their wedding, Hannah still wanted to be self-sufficient. I’m rich, you know. You don’t have to work that hard. Fabian smiled, much to Jason’s shock. 
He even started laughing and that startled Jason. 
He’s gone mad! 
The men came home a short while later, but the ladies hadn’t, for they had to grab the ingredients. Since they had nothing to do, Jason wanted Fabian to teach him Go. Fabian refused at first, but Jason
kept begging, and he relented. 
On the other side of the city, Lyna was helping out in her father’s company. She was getting along very well with the employees since she needed support after taking over the place. 
But she only talked to the younger employees though, leaving the veterans aside. First, the younger employees were the main driving force behind the company. They were energetic, passionate, and more needed by the company. 
Secondly, since the veterans worked with her father, they might only be loyal to him. She thought they were old geezers incapable of change, so appealing to them wouldn’t work. Once she took over, she’d switch them out for her own men. 
One of the veterans looked despondent when he noticed what Lyna was doing. “The young miss only cares about the new guys. I think she has abandoned us.” 
“Yeah, and I heard she gave them bonuses too. Said it’s reward for their hard work. Hey, we worked hard too, but we got nothing.” 
“I don’t really mind the bonus, since we’re getting old and useless. But it’s really disappointing, you know.” 
“Yeah. Honestly, I like her brother more. He’s always so respectful to us and treats us nicely. He’s genuine, unlike his sister. All she knows is solving matters with money. 
… 
They were going to retire soon, and they were the ones who worked with Leo in the early days. The Blackwoods wouldn’t be where they were if not because of them. Leo was great to them, and that was the reason why they were still around. Otherwise, they would have retired much earlier.
“Thanks for taking care of us, Lyna. We’ll help you out and grow the company once you take over.” 
“Yeah.” 
“Same here.” 
… 
Everyone started voicing their support for Lyna, as if they really would help her out.
###Chapter 1333
Chapter 1333 
Lyna was beaming from the praises. “I appreciate the sentiment, but we don’t know who’s taking over until my father says so. I can’t do anything too drastic just yet,” she said ‘humbly.’ 
“Oh, you’re so modest, Ms. Blackwood. We know you’re taking over sooner or later,” one of the employees buttered her up. 
Everyone chimed in, and Lyna’s smile broadened. 
“Wait. Mr. Blackwood has a son, doesn’t he?” a newbie blurted out in ignorance. 
Everyone threw him weird looks, and Lyna stopped laughing. An awkward silence fell, and the newbie realized he had spoken out of line. He quickly changed his tune, “Um, I need to use the restroom.” 
With that, he scurried off quickly. 
“He’s a newbie, Ms. Blackwood. Don’t blame him for speaking out of line,” one of the employees tried to shift the topic. 
“He isn’t wrong though. I have a brother. It’s obvious who my father’s going to hand his estate over to.” Lyna had a cold, faraway look in her eyes, and a mirthless smile curled her lips. 
She had thought about that possibility before, and she had tried to get rid of Winson through that surgery. However, not only did she fail, she made a new enemy for the inheritance—Hannah. 
Winson was a boy. He might be young, but her father still had quite some years left in him. She knew he’d hand his inheritance to Winson. After Hannah’s marriage with Fabian, her father seemed to like her more and more.
Dad might not even give me anything because of them. That fact infuriated her. 
“Don’t worry, Ms. Blackwood. You have us. We hold all the data and the clients’ info. You have our support, Ms. Blackwood. I’m sure you’ll be the chairperson,” the employee promised. 
Lyna’s eyes gleamed. Good. They know what I’m trying to get at. And then she pretended to look crestfallen. “I know everyone’s supporting me, but I can’t fight my own brother for the control of the company. The media’s going to make a joke out of that.” 
Lyna couldn’t tell anyone she wanted to be Blackwood Group’s boss. Her father would guard against her if he ever found out, and the media would shame them for it. 
She didn’t think Winson was a threat though. Lyna was confident she could humiliate him when the time came. All she needed to do was to make sure her trusted aide got into power. 
“Ah, I give up. I’ve been on a losing streak.” Jason tossed the piece back into the box and looked at Fabian in frustration. 
Fabian shook his head. “It’s important to stay calm when playing Go. The moment you’re trying to go for the win is the moment you lose. 
Fabian paused. “You need to see the big picture in Go, just like how you would in life. The pieces are your resources. You need to have your own ideas and strategize every move. And then, you strike where your opponent least expected it.” 
“Seriously, Fabian? It’s just a game.” Jason shrugged at him. 
“You need to grow at some point.” Fabian shook his head. 
“Anyway, I give up.” Jason stood up.
###Chapter 1334
Chapter 1334 
“It’s just a game of Go. Do you have to be all philosophical about it?” 
Fabian smiled and went up to Jason. “Let’s watch some TV.” He patted Jason’s shoulder. 
At the same time, Hannah and Helen came back with the pizza ingredients. They noticed that Fabian was all smiles. “Someone seems happy.” 
Fabian went to help them with the bags. He smiled. “You got a ton of stuff here.” 
Hannah was getting used to him caring for her. “Is that so?” 
Jason was on the sofa, staring at Helen. “I bet you would finish more than half of the stuff here. You’re the glutton here. Honestly, you’re like a pig.” 
“W-Who are you calling a pig?” Helen didn’t refute the fact that she was the one who bought the bulk of the ingredients. Obviously Jason hit the mark. 
“Me, obviously.” Jason turned the TV on with the remote control and watched the show. 
“Why you…” Helen pointed at him angrily, but she couldn’t retort, for she did buy a lot of food, but she was thinking that Hannah and Fabian could finish them if she couldn’t. 
“Alright, Helen. Let’s make the pizzas now,” Hannah calmed her sister down. She knew what Jason was like. He might have a sharp tongue, but he cared about Helen. 
A young man in a suit and necktie was standing before Lyna’s desk in her office. “Everything’s going smoothly. Most of the office are on our side, but…” 
Lyna was sitting with her legs crossed, and she was sipping her tea. “But what?”
The man continued, “But the geezers are still in power. Most of our men are working under them. We can’t talk to them, since they’re loyal to your father. By the way, the HR department’s manager’s wife was seriously ill once, and he needed a lot of money for her treatment. So, I gave him two hundred grand so he’d join us.” 
Lyna sipped some tea before nodding at that man. “Nicely done. Take five hundred grand from my private accountant later.” 
The man looked delighted, but only for a moment, then it was replaced by anger. “I’m not done yet, Ms. Blackwood.” He paused for a moment. “I was going to settle the matter with this, but he chased me out after hearing what I had to say. He said you’re a traitor for taking away what is rightfully your father’s and your brother’s.” 
“What?” Her eyes widened in anger, then she smashed the teacup against the floor. 
The man stared down at the shards of the teacup and held his breath. He was worried Lyna might vent her anger on him. 
Lyna calmed herself down, but her breathing was still heavy. Then, she asked, “Did he really said that?” 
“Yes, Ms. Blackwood. Do you not trust me? After all that I have done for you?” The man looked at her in panic. 
“Please calm down. I was just trying to get confirmation. Alright, go on.” Lyna eased up a bit. 
… 
“I see. I understand. Keep going as planned, and don’t let any chance slip by. The more support I get, the better my chances are, got it?”
###Chapter 1335
Chapter 1335 
After listening to the report, Lyna replied, “Alright, I’ve noted it down. You can get back to your duties.” 
Her expression changed the moment the man left. She narrowed her eyes and stared blankly at the ground. 
All of you are so old and stubborn. Do you really think you can win against me? 
In her opinion, she had already made a mental note to treat those employees who did not support her as her enemies. 
“Since all of you chose this path, don’t blame me for being heartless. I am merely giving in to your decision to court your own death,” she muttered under her breath. 
With a sly smile on her face, she thought aloud, “The newbie that came today reminded me that it is not enough to deal with Hannah alone. I must make sure Winson is safe as well because if Leo decides to pass the business to the former, all my efforts will go down the drain.” 
After much deliberation, Lyna finally came up with a plan. Not only would it help to get rid of the old stubborn employees, but she could also earn an edge over Winson too. 
Once Winson is of age, I will let those old geezers meet with him. Then, I will claim that Leo bribed them and ask for their accounts to be investigated. When that happens, I can force Leo to resign and let me take over the company. Haha, Winson won’t even stand a chance to steal the company from me by then, and I will not even feel threatened if they talk to Leo behind my back. 
“Haha! All of you deserve it, so don’t blame me,” she laughed with satisfaction.
Thinking about the ways to deal with Winson and the employees that went against her, her lips curled into an evil grin. 
On the other hand, Hannah and Helen prepared for a pizza feast, and it was finally ready. 
While the sisters and Jason loved spicy food, Fabian could not take the heat. Therefore, Hannah specially made a double-flavoured pizza to accommodate the differing palettes. 
To everyone’s discomfort, Fabian treated Hannah especially well throughout the meal. He paid special attention to her and repeatedly fed her the pizza and sides. 
His cheesy actions made Jason and Helen cringe. 
Despite so, Hannah paid no attention to those two. Pretending that she had not noticed their uneasy expressions, she enjoyed the delicious food that Fabian served her. 
Similarly, Fabian took no notice of the others too. He could only see the blissful look on Hannah’s face and could not help but break into a triumphant smile. How can an adult look so much like a child? 
Moments later, they finally finished their meal, and they sat in a circle to play poker. As it was an unprecedented situation, Hannah thought her sister was out of her mind for suggesting the card game. Although they had cards at home, they usually reserved them for their guests and never touched them. Besides, Fabian was the president of the Phoenix Group, so why would he want to hang around to play poker with them which was a waste of time. 
To her surprise, Fabian agreed to play the game with them. Prior to his response, she noticed that Fabian seemed taken aback by Helen’s suggestion and was about to speak out. However, the man casually replied, “Sure! I don’t mind doing anything to accompany my wife.”
A dreamy expression appeared on Hannah’s face when she heard that line. After glancing at Helen and Jason, she turned to Fabian and gleefully teased, “Well, your performance has met my standards today. You won’t have to sleep on the sofa later.” 
The man chuckled as he was not expecting his wife to taunt him with what he had said. 
Regardless, he played along. “Honey, does it mean that you won’t punish me tonight too?” 
“Hmm, it all depends on how you behave later,” Hannah challenged. 
“Oh no…” 
Despite knowing that the couple was joking and doing it on purpose to Helen and him, goosebumps appeared all over his body as he listened to their exchanges. 
I came here to have some fun, but both of you ended up poking fun at me! Are you trying to suffocate me? I can’t believe both of you are having so much fun doing it. 
Mirroring his thoughts, Helen rolled her eyes and complained, “Hey lovebirds, that’s enough. We know that both of you are heads over heels for each other, but it’s getting a bit too much. Truth to be told, I can’t stand it anymore.”
###Chapter 1336
Chapter 1336 
“Who cares if you can’t stand it? No matter what, you will still have to find a way to deal with it.” Hannah chuckled. 
It was rare for Fabian and her to spend leisure time together, and in the midst of having fun, more than an hour flew past in a blink of an eye. 
Looking down at her watch, Hannah reluctantly proposed, “Okay, should we stop here for today? It’s getting late, and I have to go back to work.” 
Thereafter, the four of them packed up. While Jason and Helen stayed in the living room to play video games, Hannah and Fabian left for work. 
Right before they left, Hannah glanced at her sister and sighed. “It is always nice to be a student. During the holidays, you get to play as much as you want.” 
Then, she shook her head and hurried to work. When she reached her office, she began reviewing the interview questions to be used in the next few days. 
However, she started yawning shortly after, and she decided to take a nap. 
Thud! 
To Hannah’s oblivion, Bob’s assistant had pushed open her office door. 
She awkwardly stood in the corner when she saw Hannah sleeping peacefully. As she contemplated if she should wake the sleeping figure up. 
Hannah even started snoring.
Ahem! The assistant stared at Hannah in disbelief. Not only did she not notice my arrival, but she also continued to sleep more soundly than before. This is ridiculous! 
Oh well, after all, she is married to the president of the top corporation in our country. Who cares about whether she is slacking off? I should be grateful that she even showed up at work. 
Despite thinking that way, she coughed louder than just now. Although she could not bear to wake Hannah up, Bob’s request sounded urgent, so she had no other choice. 
Ahem! 
Hearing the loud cough, Hannah groggily opened her eyes and lifted her head to look at the person standing before her. She slurred, “Who are you?” 
Seeing that Hannah was awake, the assistant let out a breath of relief, and she wasted no time to explain her visit. “Ms. Young, Mr. Dijon is looking for you and wants to see you in his office.” 
“Huh? Mr. Dijon? Who is he?” Hannah muttered in a daze as she struggled to keep her eyes open. 
“Our senior editor? Bob Dijon!” 
The assistant panicked. Realizing that Hannah was still not fully awake, she was afraid that her words would go unheard, especially since Bob’s request was rather urgent. 
“Bob Dijon? Are you sure it’s not Dijon mustard?” Hannah ruffled her hair and murmured under her breath. 
She was obviously still half-asleep and looked like she was still figuring out whether she was dreaming. 
It rendered the assistant speechless. I just want to bang her head against the wall now…
“Huh? Bob Dijon? Our senior editor?” 
Suddenly, it clicked in Hannah’s head, and she straightened while staring at her visitor in shock. She was wide awake now. 
“Yes, Mr. Dijon mentioned that he wants to see you urgently,” the assistant repeated. She finally understands what I’m saying. If she didn’t, I would go crazy. 
“Oh…did he mention what it’s regarding?” 
Hannah cautiously asked, embarrassed that she was caught sleeping at work by the assistant of Bob. 
If Bob found out, he would dock her pay. When she was still new to the job previously, she was not aware that people would check on whether she was sleeping at work. To her dismay, a colleague reported her, and she not only ended up with no pay that month, but she also had to fork out another five hundred to make up for her mistake. 
At that time, she was extremely frustrated and wondered why it was such a big deal that people had to monitor and report it. 
From then on, she never dared to skive off at work. However, today… 
Ah, this is all because of Helen. Why did she suggest playing poker? I only took an afternoon nap because of my lack of sleep. 
“I’m not too sure about that either,” the assistant stated honestly.
###Chapter 1337
Chapter 1337 
Shaking her head, Hannah tried to forget the past event and focus on the present instead. Although she knew it was wrong to sleep during working hours, she secretly prayed that the assistant would forgive her this time and not report her to the senior editor. After all, it had been long since she was last caught. 
Who knows what the assistant and Mr. Dijon will think of me if they could hear my inner thoughts? 
Only after slapping her cheeks to wake herself up did she finally got up to head to the senior editor’s office. 
Facing the door, she muttered a silent prayer for herself before she summoned the courage to knock on the door. 
“You really took your time to come here,” the man in the room remarked sarcastically the moment Hannah entered. 
He said it as though I have slept for a century. 
Nervous, Hannah cautiously asked, “What’s the matter? I heard that you were looking for me.” 
“Yes…” 
He paused, then explained, “I told the higher-ups whatever you told me, and I just received a call from them. They have come to a conclusion.” 
Whatever I told you? What did I tell you?
Hannah dug through her memories before she suddenly exclaimed, “Are you referring to Xavier’s interview?” 
Bob was speechless to hear her response. Doesn’t she know how important it is? If I knew that she didn’t care, I wouldn’t have been so anxious over it either. 
“Of course,” he snorted. 
Anticipating his reply, Hannah chirped, “Okay, so?” 
“Nothing much,” he retorted before he sighed helplessly. 
“The higher-ups mentioned that Xavier has specially requested for you. Therefore, you will still be in charge of his interview. 
“Oh…” 
Hannah was disappointed with the ultimate decision. How could they not approve my request? What will I do about Fabian now? 
“Will it help if I talk to Xavier and get his permission to pass this case to someone else?” She tried her luck. 
“Well, the answer will remain the same. When the higher-ups replied, I brought up this question too. Unfortunately, they shot it down and mentioned that they would not allow that to happen even with Xavier’s permission. They explained that if you passed it to someone else, his interview opportunities would decrease in future, which would ultimately be unfavorable to our company,” Bob pointed out. 
“This…company have thought about it from all angles, huh?” 
Although Hannah sounded calm, she felt resentful and was upset about how things turned out.
The company’s future? The development of the company? Will they only give in when Fabian and Xavier get into a fight? 
She could not help but lower her head. What do I do now? 
On the other hand, a rare guest had arrived at Xavier’s office. It was Hannah’s manager who came to his office to discuss some matters. Since Xavier already intended to give up on her, he was surprised to see him. 
“What are you doing here?” He went straight to the point. 
With no intention of getting up when he saw the visitor, he remained seated with his legs crossed. 
Xavier disliked that man and thought there was no way they could hold a decent conversation given the visitor’s status. 
Besides, even if he came bearing with information, Xavier was not planning to accept it. 
He wanted to fight for the woman he loved on his own and did not wish to resort to any underhanded method. 
The visitor was Yvette’s cousin, Darius, who came because Yvette wanted him to provide Xavier with some misleading information. If it was not because he was interested in sleeping with her, he would not be bothered to make a fool of himself here. 
With that in mind, he began his act in front of Xavier. 
Of course, Yvette was not stupid enough to make the trip here herself. By now, everyone with power in Baykeep knew that she had knocked over Fabian but was let off the hook. If she visited Xavier in person, she would be digging her own grave.
###Chapter 1338
Chapter 1338 
Darius could tell that Xavier disliked him too. Yet, he could not screw this up if he wanted to gain Yvette’s favor. 
Setting his ego aside, he plastered a fake smile on his face and acted like he was regretful. “Mr. Jackson, I’m sorry that I made the trip here to bother you. However…” 
What an idiot! 
Xavier could not help but feel annoyed when Darius spoke. 
Since you know that you are bothering me, why waste a trip here? 
Besides, your expression is so fake, and you don’t look like you have something to tell me at all. Why are you putting up such a big show? 
“Spit it out. What the hell do you want? My time is precious, and someone like you can’t afford it,” Xavier hissed. 
He felt impatient and annoyed that someone was wasting his time by spouting nonsense. 
Haha, do you think that only your time is precious? My time matters too! 
Of course, these were only Darius’ inner thoughts, and he dared not to utter them. Given that Xavier heard it, Yvette’s cousin would be beaten into a pulp even if he tried to make it up by leaking information to him. 
Therefore, he could only give in. “Understood. Actually, I am here because of someone’s request. Let me go straight to the point. It’s Ms. Young.”
“Hannah?” 
Xavier instinctively frowned when he heard her name. In doubt, he scanned his visitor from head to toe and grilled him, “If she was looking for me, why can’t she come here herself? Why would she send you instead?” 
The story did not add up. Furthermore, Xavier was bewildered because he thought this guy came to humor him and take the opportunity to gain benefits since Hannah worked under him. Unexpectedly, he declared that he was here because of Hannah. 
“Ah! I shall not hide the truth from you. Ms. Young did not dare to look for you,” the man responded. 
One had to praise his acting skills as his expressions seemed real and looked as though he was really pleading for Hannah. 
“What? She did not dare to look for me? Why not? What does she think I will do to her when she’s already married to Fabian?” Xavier spoke agitatedly while rising from his seat. 
Seeing the reaction he expected, Darius continued his act. He sighed, “Well, how could she tell you the reason? She did not dare to come because…of someone. I dare not say who it is.” 
His stutters made it seem as though someone threatened him. Xavier assumed that the person behind it probably did the same to Hannah too. 
Xavier narrowed his eyes. Suddenly, one name popped into his mind—Fabian. After all, he was the only person with such power to scare them like this. 
Did that rascal mistreat Hannah? Why can’t she personally look for me for help? Did he make someone monitor her every move such that she has to resort to asking her colleagues for help?
Many questions were floating in his head, and he unconsciously tightened his fists. 
Although he did not end up with Hannah, he still loved her and was extremely concerned about any matter that involved her. 
Listening to what the other party had to say, his blood started to boil even before he verified the truth. 
He seethed, “If that’s true, I will not let Fabian off!” 
It was not easy for me to finally meet someone I loved, yet she chose to go with you, Fabian. However, not only did you not cherish her, you even threatened her. How dare you? 
“Alright! I could guess who is behind this. You can tell me everything honestly, and I want to know all the details. I will take the blame for whatever happens, and I can assure you that Fabian can’t touch you,” Xavier stated boldly.
###Chapter 1339
Chapter 1339 
He sat back on his chair. I’ll want to hear how Fabian has mistreated Hannah. 
Then, Darius looked shocked and stumbled backward. With cold sweat on his forehead, he stuttered, “How…did you know who I was referring to?” 
The look of disbelief only confirmed Xavier’s assumptions that Fabian had done something to Hannah. 
With that in mind, he glared at the other man and warned, “Are you only scared of offending Fabian? Aren’t you afraid of what I can do to you?” 
Darius swallowed in fear. Clearing his throat nervously, he repeatedly denied, “No, no, that is not what I meant. Mr. Jackson, I…” 
In contrast to the face he portrayed, he was actually bursting with joy on the inside. Who the hell does he think he is? He still got played by me. Yvette was too worried about it. I can’t believe she kept telling me to be careful and not let Xavier see through my act. 
Pft! This guy is an idiot. If not for his dad, he would probably be busing dishes in a restaurant. 
Yvette’s cousin felt proud of himself for making Xavier take the bait. He could not believe that he managed to fool the president of a big company. I probably can make it to an A-listed actor at this rate. 
With the anxious look on Xavier’s face, he thought that it was time to start lying about the story they made up. 
Abruptly, he collapsed to the ground on his knees. He widened his eyes and earnestly pleaded, “Mr. Jackson, are you sure you can protect me?”
“Why? Do you not believe me?” Xavier challenged. 
As the successor of the Jackson family, one of the five prominent families, do you think I’ll be afraid of Fabian? 
Yvette’s cousin continued to look terrified. “In this case, I’ll start from the beginning. It was the second day after their wedding…” 
“What? How could something like that happen? Isn’t Fabian going overboard?” 
At that point, Xavier was livid, and he slammed his fists onto his desk. Ignoring the throbbing pain in his hands, he glared at Darius. 
The man on his knees was feeling the total opposite of what Xavier felt. 
This is great! As long as you stay like this, the more trouble you will make and the more Yvette will like me. At the end of the day, I’m a wise man, and I’m damn good in bed too. Hahaha! 
Although he felt as though he was standing on top of the world, he could not show it on his face. Otherwise, Xavier might find out and come after him instead. 
Giving an innocent expression, he told Xavier, “Mr. Jackson…I can’t make any decisions. You are aware that Fabian controls Baykeep, and I’m merely an employee. There is no way I can…” 
In response, Xavier roared, “Hmph! How powerful can he be? Does he really think that he can dominate Baykeep and that no one can touch him? Has he taken the other four prominent families into account?” 
His face darkened, and his eyes were shooting such fiery glare that could burn someone alive. He was obviously very much affected by the taunting.
“Ms. Young knows about Fabian’s intervention too. Therefore, she came to me for help. It’s something I ought to help her with for I can’t simply throw the responsibility to someone else. But then again, who am I to stand up against Fabian? Since she knew I could not do anything in my position, she asked me to look for you to get help.” 
He contorted the facts and made it sound convincing. With such a pitiful act, how could he not believe me? 
“I will take over this matter. Meanwhile, you can go back and tell Hannah not to worry. Just leave the rest to me,” Xavier assured.
###Chapter 1340
Chapter 1340 
Xavier had collected his emotions, and his tone sounded calmer than before. 
“With your assurance, I believe Ms. Young will be grateful,” Darius affirmed with a smile. 
How could he not be glad that Xavier was now under his thumb! 
“Sure, as long as you relay the message to her. You can take your leave now,” Xavier ordered. 
Naturally, Darius did not dare to overstay his welcome since he had been lying the whole time. If he stayed any longer, Xavier might realize that he was lying and would surely punish him. 
“Hold on,” As Yvette’s cousin was about to leave the office, Xavier suddenly sounded. 
Eh? Did I seem to leave too quickly? Has he noticed something odd? 
To his surprise, Xavier offered him, “Go to the receptionist and collect the reward you deserve. If anything else happens in the future, I want you to report it to me directly.” 
“Sure, Mr. Jackson. Thank you.” 
The man answered before scurrying out of the room. At that instant, he was overjoyed. 
He did not expect to succeed in pulling off Yvette’s request by simply spouting nonsense here. Not only so, he even managed to earn extra cash. Xavier seems thoroughly convinced earlier, so the reward he’ll offer will probably be significant. Ten thousand? Otherwise, will he give me fifty thousand? 
Regardless, this was extra cash, so it did not matter how much he received. He could only picture a certain naked lady in bed, beckoning him to join her. Needless to say, it was Yvette. With that scene in mind, he began to pick up his pace.
Meanwhile, in the president’s office, Xavier stood by the window while pondering the earlier conversation. After a long while, he finally muttered under his breath, “Fabian, I was going to let Hannah go, but that was before you mistreated her. Now, you have no right to accuse me of stealing your woman since I’m the one who will treasure her.” 
There was a hint of joy in his angry tone. He thought that he still had a place in her heart since she thought of asking him for help. Although he might not matter to her as much as Fabian did, things might change after this incident. 
Slowly, his lips curled into a small smile. 
Back in Fabian’s office. He gasped, “What? Are you sure?” 
He was looking through a document when he received a shocking piece of news from his trusted aide over a phone call. 
“Okay, I got it.” 
With that, he ended the call. 
His gaze began to wander. Hannah, you actually refuse the interview because you are afraid that I’ll be jealous? If so, you are really silly. 
Despite what he was thinking, Fabian was grinning. 
“But I can’t figure out what Xavier is trying to do. Is he still trying to take Hannah away from me? First of all, we are married. Besides, she already threw him aside even before our wedding took place. Isn’t that right?”
The smile remained on his face, but the meaning behind it had changed. Clearly, he was mocking Xavier’s arrogance. 
“Well, if you insist on fighting for Hannah, we shall see where this will lead to. Perhaps, you will end up making a fool of yourself.” 
He could not be bothered to take the matter seriously because he knew that Hannah would never change her feelings for him. 
“Ah, I’m so tired. God, can you send someone to save me? Who knew that working in the office was this tiring. When I started, I was quite lucky and finally got promoted. However, it’s so exhausting now. How is this a promotion? It seems more like a punishment to me!” Hannah whined while looking at the pile of documents before her. 
They belonged to the presidents of various companies. Information on the confirmed interviews and even the potential ones were collected and given to her. As the person in charge of them, her senior editor wanted her to go through them as that was part of her job scope.
###Chapter 1341
Chapter 1341 
Hannah wondered if her senior editor had a grudge against her. Why does it seem like I’m the busiest of all the team leaders? They seem like they have lots of leisure time as they are always either playing computer games or cards most of the time. Why am I so busy then? 
Unfortunately, she would be wronging her senior editor by thinking so. The other heads had accumulated their clients slowly, but since she only recently took up this role, it was normal that she had to sieve through so many documents at once. 
“I won’t be able to see the end of the year if I have no one else to help me with this,” Hannah grumbled as she resentfully glared at the stack that seemed taller than her. 
“Hey, you can always get a personal assistant. You are a team leader anyway,” Hannah chuckled to herself but shook her head. 
How could she employ a personal assistant when there are many others in her position without one? 
Knock! Knock 
At that moment, someone knocked on the door. 
Hannah said dully, “Come in.” 
Like a routine, she raised her head to see which team member was sending her more documents this time. 
“Eh?”
She was surprised to see who it was. This is not my team member. Since when did I have such a curvy, model-like lady in her team? 
Who is she? Has she knocked on the wrong door? 
That was Hannah’s first reaction, but she quickly got rid of her guesses. It was only recently when they cleared this office for her, and it was in a unique location, so how could that lady come to the wrong room? 
“Hello, Ms. Young.” 
The blonde woman reached out her right hand towards Hannah. 
Nervous, Hannah swallowed her saliva and shook her hand. 
Who is she? Is she here to replace me? No, that can’t be it. She has addressed me so formally, so I don’t think that’s the case. Then, what is she here for? 
Hannah could not figure out the purpose of her visit and could only stare at the woman in surprise, wondering if she had ever seen her in the office before. Why do I not recognize her? 
“I am Natasha Roma and a new employee in this company. The senior editor wants me to be your assistant and to learn from you,” she finally clarified her purpose here. 
Natasha Roma? 
Interesting. I wonder where she is from? 
“Wait, what did you say? You are going to be my assistant?” Hannah reacted when she finally processed what the lady had said. 
“Yes,” Natasha exclaimed.
Wow, what a coincidence! I was just thinking about employing an assistant and she actually showed up at my office in the next second. This is great! God has answered my prayer! 
Most importantly. She is very pretty. “Oh, I see. This may be inappropriate, but may I know who gave you this name?” It doesn’t sound local to me. 
Hannah asked her directly since she was going to be her assistant anyway, and they would be working closely together in the future. 
“Do you mean Natasha? My boss gave me that name. Does it sound bad?” 
Natasha seemed confused. But Hannah just smiled at her. 
Pft! 
What? This is weird. Don’t tell her boss is her father? Unable to hold back, Hannah burst into fits of laughter. 
Ahem. 
Moments later, she finally cleared her throat and patted her assistant’s shoulder. “Okay, we will be colleagues from now on, and I can assure you that I’m easy to get along with. I don’t have many rules; in short, we shall share our ups and downs. As long as you treat me with respect, I will do the same to you. Let’s take care of each other in the future, okay?” 
Hannah flashed a toothy smile.
###Chapter 1342
Chapter 1342 
Natasha nodded without saying more. 
In the next few hours, Hannah chatted passionately with the other lady. However, Natasha did not react much, and it only made Hannah feel awkward. She secretly blamed Helen for mentioning that she could make friends easily and impress the other parties with this method. 
It is so embarrassing to try it for the first time. Natasha must think that I’m crazy. 
Hmph! Helen, I made a fool of myself because of you! You’d better watch out. 
While thinking to herself, Natasha suddenly revealed, “Ms. Young, I just came to Chanaea. Although I am fluent in Chanaease, there are still some words that I don’t understand.” 
Without processing what she said, Hannah nodded. “Ah, that’s fine.” 
Then, she snapped her head towards Natasha in surprise. “Wait. Did you say that you just arrived in Chanaea?” Well, that explains her name. 
“Yes. Is it a surprise to you?” Natasha raised her eyebrows. 
“I thought you were of foreign descent but born and raised here. Who knew that my assistant was going to be an exchange student? Hahaha, I can now boast about it to Fabian.” 
Instantly, Hannah forgot about the pile of unfinished documents that awaited her. Taking Natasha’s hand, she pulled her assistant closer and continued to chat. 
Once they started the two-way conversation, Hannah was surprised to hear Natasha’s story. Not only was she a female karate champion in Remdik and an ex-soldier, but she was also a student from a
Remdik college. In her nation, she was a top athlete too. 
Knowing the titles that her assistant held, Hannah could not help but feel ashamed. Are you sure you are here to learn from me and be my assistant? This is unbelievable. 
After making some clarifications, she also learned that Natasha would only be here temporarily. It was her boss who requested for her to fly here and pick up Chanaease. 
Her boss is great. I have to thank him for sending me such a good assistant. 
Moments later, Natasha began showing off her muscles to Hannah. The latter excitedly touched them with a look of envy in her eyes. 
How can one train to have such arms? I’ve always wanted to have abs and trained hard for two whole weeks but to no avail. 
If Natasha found out, she would probably laugh at me. 
“Come closer, Natasha. Can I see your biceps?” she requested. 
This was the first time she ever saw a woman this fit up close, so she had to take a good look at them. 
“Can I see your calf muscles too?” Hannah requested again. 
Natasha was probably the strongest person she had ever met. In comparison to other females or males, her assistant seemed more built than others. 
Meanwhile, Natasha was glad to be praised for the results of her rigorous training. Casually, she propped her leg on the desk.
Astonished, Hannah placed her hand on the leg and gently touched it. Although it was thick, there was not even an inch of fat. If Natasha kicked someone in the crotch, it would definitely hurt terribly. 
“Ms. Young, here are some documents…” 
A team member working for Hannah came in at that moment and became speechless as soon as he witnessed what was happening before him. 
He saw his team leader touching another woman’s leg with a mesmerized look in her eyes. That woman was curvy and was dressed in T-shirt and shorts that outlined her dazzling figure. 
Ahem! “Ms. Young, I did not see anything, and I swear I don’t know anything. Please continue!” he frantically stammered. 
Then, he scurried away and closed the door behind him. 
Flustered, Hannah quickly retracted her hands. She felt her cheeks grow hot. Oh, dear! He probably thinks I’m… 
Ah, he is an idiot. Doesn’t he have a brain? If I were a lesbian, why would I be married to Fabian? 
Hmph! Whatever. Why should I be afraid when I’m not committing a crime or doing something against my principles? There is no need for me to explain.
###Chapter 1343
Chapter 1343 
Hannah reassured herself but did not continue to ogle at Natasha’s body either. Instead, she continued to talk to her. 
“Have you settled everything?” Yvette interrogated Darius as soon as she saw him. 
The man looked at Yvette, who was sitting on the sofa and cheerfully boasted, “Haha, what do you think? Of course, I’ve excelled in whatever you’ve asked of me.” 
As he spoke, his gaze drifted to Yvette’s legs. Swallowing his saliva, he could not help but caress them. 
In response, Yvette snorted but did not squirm at his touch. Since she wanted her cousin to help her, she thought he deserved a small reward at least. However, she was not so easy as to let him cross the line. She was picky, and even her cousin was not a worthy candidate. 
“Oh? Tell me how it went,” Yvette probed. 
Wasting no time, Darius told her extensively about his conversation with Xavier. Naturally, he exaggerated some of the contents to make him seem more impressive to the woman he fancied. 
Glad that the plan went well, Yvette beamed. Although she knew her cousin was lusting over her, she remembered that Lyna was coming over soon. In this case, they would be stopped midway anyway, so she started acting more affectionately towards him. 
He was a pervert, and there was no way he could hold himself back in front of a beautiful lady like her. In the next second, he began to rip his clothes off. 
Yvette did the same too.
Knock! Knock! 
Before the two could fully strip, they heard a series of knocks on the door. 
Yvette’s cousin frowned, evidently unhappy with the situation. He roared, “What the hell? Who is this bas*ard? This is such a crucial moment, yet we are being disrupted!” 
In contrast, Yvette did not reply but had a smile on her face. Haha, the person came at the right time, and she is definitely not a bas*ard. Did you really think I would give myself to you because you did something so small for me? What a joke! 
“Hmm, since we are already at this stage, are you afraid that we can’t do this another time? Right now, I think you should put your clothes back on,” Yvette teased and began to get dressed again. 
Naively, Darius nodded. “That’s true. The next time we plan to hook up, I will bring you to my house. I will make sure no one disturbs us.” 
Hahaha, there will not be a next time. Yvette secretly smirked. 
After the two got dressed, Yvette opened the door to reveal Lyna, who she previously planned to meet. 
“Yvette, I shall make my move.” 
Yvette did not bother to make her cousin stay. After he left, Lyna took off her sunglasses and directed her question to the other lady, “How did it go?” 
“How can I disappoint you? Everything is going smoothly,” Yvette bragged. 
Despite her positive reply, Lyna still seemed bothered. Therefore, Yvette quickly questioned, “What’s wrong?”
Shaking her head, Lyna replied, “Nothing. It is something personal, and I’ve already made my decision.” 
“Decision? That’s good. How about Fabian? Have you dealt with him?” Yvette remarked. 
Actually, she did not want to do things this way. Since she used to be close to Fabian, she knew how he worked and his strengths. 
There is no way we can match up with Fabian. How are we going to win this battle? 
In the past, Yvette ever tried to persuade Lyna otherwise, but it was useless. If she did not think that Lyna had a good plan, she would have betrayed her in order to keep herself safe. So what if I have to end up going to jail? As long as she could survive three years in there, she would have everything. She might be angry, but if she could suppress her anger, she could achieve peace. 
“It shouldn’t be your concern. When the time comes, everything will fall in place,” Lyna said while raising her brows.
###Chapter 1344
Chapter 1344 
Right now, she would not breathe a word even if her mother were to ask her about her plan. There was just too much at stake. Besides, Lyna could not fully trust Yvette yet. 
If Yvette carried out the job successfully, Lyna would definitely consider revealing more of the plan to her. Thus, the completion and success of this task would prove that Yvette was worthy and earned a place to be her ally, which meant that they were now in the same boat. Consequently, they would not be able to run away from each other. More crucially, Fabian would not let them off easily and retaliate if he found out what they had done. 
Lyna knew she would not stand a chance of beating Fabian if she were to fight this battle alone. Therefore, even though Yvette may not be that intelligent in terms of giving constructive strategy, she still stood a better chance in fighting against the odds if Yvette were her ally. 
Despite that, Yvette was not angry as she knew the situation they were in. Lyna’s sarcastic answer only showed how important the matter was, so it was normal that Lyna did not want to reveal it. Most importantly, Yvette was well aware that Lyna would have to bear the dire consequences if the plan were to leak out. 
Shortly after, they began to discuss the steps to go against Fabian and Hannah. 
“Alright, I understand,” Xavier said coldly. 
He narrowed his eyes, and the atmosphere in his office became tense. 
He found out that Hannah had a new assistant of Remdik descent, who had a unique background. 
Xavier was not as innocent as Hannah. Once he found out about it, he immediately linked the new assistant with Fabian. That man probably arranged for the new assistant to stick with Hannah.
Otherwise, why would someone like Natasha end up being her assistant? 
“Fabian, I can’t believe how scheming you are. You managed to control her and restrict her dom. What do you take her as? Do you think she is a bird that can be trapped in a cage? Or is she merely your tool? You are inhumane!” Xavier growled. 
His blood was boiling. They just exchanged vows, yet that bas*ard forgot about it so quickly. 
Thinking about Hannah, Xavier’s heart ached for her and wanted to find a way to help her as soon as possible. 
In the meantime, Hannah was tugging Natasha along with her after work to treat her assistant to a meal and get to know her better. Natasha did not immediately agree to it. After all, she came here under Fabian’s orders to protect Hannah. 
“Why don’t we do this? In future, I will teach you Chanaease and work-related matters while you motivate me to lose weight,” Hannah suggested while pinching her belly fat. 
“Sure! Anyway, I exercise daily. Is there a good gym around here? We can do some work out together.” 
Touched that Natasha readily agreed, Hannah assured, “Don’t worry. I have a gym membership, and we can both enter with it.” 
Haha, the fats that I have accumulated over the years will finally be blasted off! 
In reality, Hannah was not fat and was only fleshier on her tummy area. Nevertheless, which woman would be satisfied with their own body? 
“Wait a minute…I already…oh, my husband called me. He will be coming to pick us up, and we will have dinner together.”
Hannah wanted to introduce Fabian to Natasha and also talk about her future fitness plans. She planned to ditch Fabian for dinner and Natasha’s presence would give her the courage to suggest that. 
At this point, Hannah treated Natasha like her own sister. They had a close relationship after talking about losing weight and fashion. 
It did not take long for Fabian to arrive in a Rolls Royce. 
Hannah dragged Natasha over and waved to the car, “Hey, over here!” 
As they got closer, Hannah cleared her throat and announced, “Let me introduce you to my new assistant. Since I had an outstanding performance at work, the company specially arranged for a Remdik exchange student to assist me. Her name is Natasha.” 
Although she did not understand why the company would assign an assistant to her, she could not be bothered to figure it out. All she knew was how happy and proud she was to boast to Fabian about it.
###Chapter 1345
Chapter 1345 
“This is my husband. He is just the president of a company.” 
Hannah rolled her eyes when introducing Fabian. Men are really competitive. I’m not only on a different level than he is, but also working to pay off my debt to him. 
Despite being married, Hannah refused to use Fabian’s money. After all, she believed in the importance of being an independent woman. 
Fabian straightened his sleeves and extended his hand toward Natasha, “Hi, I’m Fabian Norton.” 
Ha! You foolish gal. I’m surprised at how happy you are. Haven’t you wondered why your company has assigned you an assistant? 
Obviously, Fabian kept his thoughts to himself. If he had exposed his plan, Hannah would definitely refuse. Furthermore, given how delighted Hannah was, he couldn’t bring himself to disappoint her. 
After both of them got into the car, the three of them headed to the restaurant which Fabian had picked. 
Meanwhile, Lyna was sitting inside a private villa. After taking a sip of tea, she let out a long breath. 
She had bought the villa with the money Yvette gave her and put it under the name of one of her ordinary employees. 
This was the headquarters of her intelligence operations. On one floor, there was a plethora of sophisticated equipment being used to spy on Fabian’s employees. Lyna continuously collected evidence of their “wrongdoings” so that she could blackmail them into helping her. Only then was she able to force Fabian to give up everything he owned.
“I didn’t expect Fabian’s company’s monthly cashflows to be so massive and that he has so many partnerships with other prominent figures,” Lyna mumbled to herself with her brows furrowed. 
She was going through the Phoenix Group’s accounts which she had requested Wayne, the general manager of Phoenix Group, to obtain for her. Firstly, she planned to see who Fabian was doing business with and that if there were any opportunities for her to take over them. 
Secondly, she wanted Wayne to be fully on board with her plan. As the company accounts was an extremely sensitive document, Fabian would definitely kill Wayne for leaking it to Lyna. 
“Haha, Fabian, oh, Fabian, what are you working so hard for? Aren’t you ultimately raking in all these profits on my behalf? When I send my men to negotiate with those companies, you will then be trampled underneath my feet. Hahaha.” 
Lyna couldn’t help but chuckle as if to declare her victory. 
Picking up the phone, Lyna then instructed, “Send the man I’ve hired up. It’s time I put him to good use.” 
Lyna smiled faintly as she had spent a fortune to engage a financial whiz from A Nation to help her in her quest to steal Fabian’s assets. 
In less than a minute, a middle-aged man in a sharp black suit with matching leather shoes appeared before her. 
As Lyna scrutinized the man, she asked doubtfully, “Are you George?” 
The man replied with a laugh, “Why? Do I not look like him?”
Lyna started to doubt whether she got her money’s worth. The person in front of her looked more like a conman than some genius financier. 
“Isn’t George supposed to be a foreigner? Why do you look local?” Lyna asked suspiciously. 
“What? Do you have a problem with me being a local?” 
George was upset. If it wasn’t for the huge amount of money you paid, I wouldn’t even be here. And now, here you are, doubting me. 
“I don’t care where you come from. As long as you can help me achieve my goals, I will make it worth your while,” Lyna plainly replied. 
Although she had not taken control of the Blackwood family’s company, it wasn’t difficult for her to extract funds from the company. Furthermore, she still had Yvette, who was filthy rich, backing her financially. 
The last time she had requested a large sum of money, Yvette had given her a handsome amount. Therefore, she figured Yvette must be loaded, and there was no need for her to worry about money. 
“Alright, it’s not like your appearance matters for the job anyway. These are the accounts belonging to the company I’m looking to attack. Go through them as you will be responsible for plotting its takeover,” Lyna asserted as she handed the financial accounts to George.
###Chapter 1346
Chapter 1346 
She had just gone through the financial statements. But other than the cash flow, she couldn’t make much out of it. Where is his weakness? This was what she hired George for. 
“Alright.” 
George smiled as he received the accounts. He figured that it was the same working anywhere. Since he was getting paid handsomely here, he might as well put his back into it. 
After skimming through it, George couldn’t help but gasp. Turning toward Lyna, he commented, “This is a top-notch company.” 
Lyna laughed at George’s expression before replying, “It’s none of your business how good the company is. Your job is to tell me what to do.” 
“Look at her biceps! Yours don’t even come close.” 
Hannah lifted Natasha’s arm to show Fabian. 
Fabian couldn’t help but roll his eyes. She is an assassin. How can I, as the president of a company, even compare? 
“Haha, I would like to let you know that she is also a national Karate champion. If you ever dare bully me, I will get her to teach you a lesson,” Hannah declared to Fabian with her chin held high. 
Are you sure you want to order my subordinate to bully me? Is that even a good idea? 
Hannah couldn’t help but furrow her brows when she saw the thoughtful smile on Fabian’s face. Why isn’t he afraid?
“Hmph! I will get her to teach me a thing or two. If you dare bully me, I’ll pummel you,” Hannah warned Fabian as she waved her fists in the air. 
Why do you keep insisting on beating me up? You are either planning to get someone to do it or learning how to do it yourself. I’m your husband, for goodness’ sake! At this rate, I’m going to be beaten to pulp sooner or later. 
Despite his thoughts, Fabian replied with a smile, “In that case, I’ll have to trouble Natasha to teach me a thing or two.” 
“Why do you want to learn how to fight? Are you trying to hit me back?” Hannah retorted with a pout. 
“Of course not! I’m just learning it for self-defense,” Fabian quickly denied just to please her. 
“Hmph, that’s more like it,” Hannah snapped. 
Natasha gasped silently when she saw Fabian’s response. I didn’t expect him to be afraid of his wife. 
Obviously, Fabian wasn’t afraid of Hannah. He just liked to tease her and let her win. 
“Anyway, there’s something I need to tell you,” Hannah remarked as if something had suddenly occurred to her. 
“What is it?” Fabian lifted his gaze with a smile. 
“After today, I’m not going to have dinner with you,” Hannah sat up straight and declared earnestly. 
Fabian let out a devilish grin. Puzzled as to what Hannah was up to, he asked curiously, “Why? Are you on a diet?” 
Hahaha! What do you mean diet? Do I look fat now?
“N-nope.” 
Hannah almost choked on her food when she heard Fabian’s words. Patting on her own chest to relieve herself, she continued, “I want to go with Natasha to the gym. Therefore, we will grab dinner together while you will be on your own.” 
Just as she spoke, Hannah stared at Fabian with her eyes filled with anticipation. What if he doesn’t agree? 
“Oh, okay,” Fabian agreed right away. 
From his perspective, Hannah would likely not be able to persevere for more than a few days. Therefore, it wasn’t a problem at all. 
Puzzled, Hannah couldn’t help but furrow her brows when she saw how readily Fabian agreed. Furthermore, he was smiling while doing so. 
“Do you not believe in me? Hmph! Just you wait. In two months’ time, I will be as thin as a rake,” Hannah retorted in defiance when she realized that Fabian had no confidence in her. I must definitely show him. 
“Okay, whatever you say. Let’s not get ahead of ourselves,” Fabian plainly replied. 
“I… you…”
###Chapter 1347
Chapter 1347 
Hannah was stumped by what Fabian said. After that, she ignored him and chatted with Natasha instead. 
“Hello? I’m Xavier Jackson!” 
Meanwhile, Xavier gave Hannah’s senior editor a call. The moment it connected, he declared who he was right away. 
“Oh, Mr. Jackson. Sorry to keep you waiting.” 
Bob recalled Hannah’s voice at once before carefully asking, “How can I help you, Mr. Jackson?” 
“Please send Hannah over to interview me tomorrow as my company is launching our latest product. Hence, I intend to create some publicity,” Xavier stated his agenda right away. 
Hahaha, is that your true intention? You should just admit you want to meet Hannah. There’s no need to beat around the bush. 
Besides, it’s the weekend tomorrow. Hannah told me before that she hates working on weekends. 
Being put in a spot, Bob suggested, “Mr. Jackson, is it alright to push it back by two days? It’s the weekend tomorrow, and Hannah is off from work.” 
Xavier couldn’t help but furrow his eyebrows in response. What does he mean? Is he being cowed by Fabian’s influence? Since when does a reporter have off days? Isn’t their leave fixed for the month? 
Xavier was infuriated by the thought alone. He figured that Bob was either bribed by Fabian or afraid of him. Are you afraid of him but not me?
“I don’t care what you do as long as I see Hannah in my office at nine in the morning tomorrow. Or else, you will have to bear the consequences.” 
With that, Xavier ended the call angrily. He believed that Hannah was in trouble, so all he wanted to do was to rescue her as quickly as possible. 
“Who did I offend? You needed my help and yet threatened me still. This is too much!” Bob grumbled to himself. 
What am I going to do? What if Hannah refuses to go? She has specifically told me about not working on weekends. Ugh, it’s terrible being trapped between a rock and a hard place. 
In the end, Bob had no choice but to shamelessly give Hannah a call. 
“Hello, Hannah?” 
“Hmm?” 
Hannah had her mouth full, so she couldn’t say a word. 
“I’m sending you to interview Xavier tomorrow as his company is launching a new product.” 
“Hmmmmm?” 
Hannah responded in a louder and more forceful tone. If not for the fact that she had her mouth full, she would have argued with Bob right away. 
Didn’t we agree that I don’t work weekends? I’m already exhausted after a busy week. Do you think that I’m a machine and don’t need any rest? Furthermore, I still have to interview Xavier? Bob, are you doing this on purpose? 
Hannah couldn’t help but seethe.
“I know, I know. But Mr. Jackson insists that you go tomorrow. If I get someone else to do it, I’ll not be able to explain myself to him.” 
Just as he was explaining, Bob cursed at Xavier. Does she not need rest? 
“No… rest…” 
Hannah tried desperately to chew her food and regretted taking such a big bite. Unable to swallow, all she could do was grunt in reply. 
“Um, how about this… I’ll give you a day off once you finish the interview. You can come back to the office when you’re well-rested.” 
Bob paused for a while before adding, “Hannah, please just agree to it.” 
When she finally swallowed her food and wanted to reply, she was again interrupted. 
“I don’t care. For the sake of the company, you will have to make the sacrifice.” Bob ended the call the moment he finished. 
“I… Bob, come on. That’s my weekend we’re talking about. Are you trying to kill me?” 
Hannah complained in an agonizing tone. 
Furrowing his eyebrows, Fabian stroked her head gently and asked with concern, “What’s wrong?”
###Chapter 1348
Chapter 1348 
“I need to work overtime tomorrow when I already had plans to go to the gym with Natasha. Now, I can forget about it. I just can’t keep up with the changes to my schedule. Furthermore, my editor is being difficult. He insists that I do an interview despite how tired I am. I feel as if he is doing it on purpose,” Hannah sighed in a dejected tone. 
Fabian smiled as he had assumed it was something worse. When he realized it was just about working overtime, he raised his eyebrow and tempted her, “How about this? Why don’t I talk to your editor for you?” 
Hannah’s eyes lit up when she heard Fabian’s words, but her joy was short-lived after giving it some thought. 
Bob had just mentioned that Xavier insisted that she do the interview. If she didn’t comply, or if Fabian got involved, an argument between him and Xavier would likely ensue. 
After some consideration, Hannah finally relented, “Forget it. I’ll deal with work myself.” 
Very quickly, Hannah wiped the disappointment off her face and smiled at both Fabian and Natasha, “Enough, let’s not dwell on it anymore. Come, let’s eat.” 
“Ms. Blackwood, I have gone through the documents you have given me,” George remarked. 
Taking a deep breath to calm himself down, he put the files down in front of Lyna. 
He couldn’t help but feel shocked after doing a deep dive on Phoenix Group’s accounts. He had realized that he was faced with a Herculean task. Ever since he started work, he had ruined more than fifty companies. However, none of them were as massive as Phoenix Group.
“Oh? How about it? Have you found its weakness?” 
Lyna was leaning back on her chair thinking about Blackwood Group. After George made his comment, her curiosity was suddenly piqued. 
“This is an extremely sophisticated company. From how the cash flows within the company, I can see that they are involved in a broad spectrum of industries. Moreover, they have at least five billion in liquidity,” George explained in earnest. 
The difficulty of the task that lay ahead caused him to drop his usual languid expression. 
Lyna nodded thoughtfully. After all, she was cognizant that George had returned from overseas and wasn’t aware of how powerful Fabian was within the country. 
However, anyone who was familiar with Fabian would still be shocked to know that the company had five billion in reserves. Even if the company collapsed overnight, it would still be resilient enough to prop itself up with so many funds. 
“So what about it? Are you scared now?” Lyna taunted George with her question. 
What a joke, how can a genius ever be doubted? 
This was something George couldn’t tolerate. Ever since he started, he had never failed before, causing him to have an inflated ego. 
“Huh? To be honest, I never knew what being scared feels like.” 
Although the Phoenix Group represented a daunting task to him, he also saw it as a challenge. Therefore, he was extremely motivated to give it a go.
George’s eyes were filled with anticipation as if he was relishing in the thought of challenging Fabian. He couldn’t help but let out a confident smile, “Although he has a very strong company, it’s still just a matter of me spending a little more time on it. Haha. Nevertheless, I do look forward to facing off with the boss of Phoenix Group.” 
“Oh? Should I praise you for your ingenuity or admonish you for being overly ambitious? Do you think you can take on Fabian with that attitude of yours?” 
Lyna felt that George was being overconfident after hearing his comments. Do you think Fabian is that easy to take down? If he was, I wouldn’t have failed after so many times and almost got close to being exposed. 
“Fabian, huh? He is nothing but a stepping stone for me toward greater heights. Once I’m done with him, my reputation will be greatly elevated. By then, my fees would definitely jump by multiple folds,” George claimed confidently as if he was already victorious over Fabian.
###Chapter 1349
Chapter 1349 
Lyna couldn’t help but squint her eyes at him as she wondered if he was crazy. Why is he counting his eggs before they hatch? Have I just wasted a large sum of money? 
When George saw Lyna’s doubtful gaze and the unpleasant look on her face, he quickly knew what was going through her mind. Why do people doubt geniuses nowadays? 
Smiling insidiously, he walked toward Lyna and showed her the accounts. “These are where we will strike. Of course, you must make the necessary preparations beforehand.” 
Lyna sat up straight and looked at where George was pointing. After that, she looked at him suspiciously and asked, “What sort of preparations?” 
At that moment, George’s arrogant expression turned serious. 
He explained, “You have to prepare a huge sum of capital to accumulate the shares of this company. After that, you should dump them in the market to create panic. What you want is to alarm the company’s employees and their partners. So that they will start doubting the company’s abilities to continue any type of collaboration.” 
Lyna nodded thoughtfully at his plan. Mmm-hmm, that sounds good. 
Once the morale of Fabian’s employees was broken, it would be a lot easier to carry out other initiatives. Realizing that, Lyna motioned George to continue explaining. 
George chuckled silently. Do you finally believe that I’m a genius now? 
“After that, you will break the company apart from within. I’m sure the people you have are not there for show. Through them, you will gain control of some of the employees and get them to set the plan in
motion.” 
He added, “At the same time, you can send men to sabotage their production floor. Once the supply lines have been cut, the wheels of the company’s economy will stop turning. When that happens, the time will be ripe to steal their partners away from them. 
“Based on my observations, they have many industries that are linked with prominent figures who have no patience for them to get their act back together.” “By then, you can use the opportunity to negotiate with these prominent figures and steal Fabian’s contracts away from him. Furthermore, this company will be so overwhelmed by compensation claims for contract breaches that it will be paralyzed,” George concluded as he narrowed his eyes. 
At first impression, Lyna was convinced by the plan. But, the more she thought about it, the more unrealistic she thought it was. In reality, the Phoenix Group was a lot more resilient against bankruptcy than George had made it out to be. Furthermore, they had five billion of liquidity which could be deployed to rescue ten to twenty companies, let alone a single one. 
Moreover, the Phoenix Group was a massive conglomerate. Not only were they involved in light and heavy industries, but also film production and logistics companies too. To sabotage their operations, am I to assassinate actors and truck drivers too? If that happens, Fabian won’t be the one getting in trouble. 
Holding that thought, Lyna asked George with a solemn expression, “Are you oversimplifying the matter? How can the Phoenix Group go bust so easily?” 
“No, this was all but a summary. That’s why you’d think it’s simple. Are you concerned about their huge liquidity?”
George looked at Lyna and explained, “You don’t have to worry about that. As long as you give me five hundred million, I’m confident of burning away their five billion in reserves by attacking their stocks.” 
Is he joking? How is it possible that he can cause them to lose five billion with only five hundred million? If you really are that good, shouldn’t we just crash their stock prices instead of going through all the trouble? 
Lyna asked doubtfully, “Oh? How are you going to do that?” 
George smiled as he laid out his plan in detail. While he was analyzing Fabian’s financial statements, he was conceiving his plan at the same time until everything fell into place. Of course, there were still some kinks to be ironed out, but George didn’t feel that they would pose any problems at all.
###Chapter 1350
Chapter 1350 
Lyna couldn’t help but feel shocked once George had finished explaining his plan. Despite her doubts and worries, she knew that this was “do or die” against Fabian. 
“How about it? Have you made up your mind yet? This plan will utterly destroy the company, although it does require an immense amount of resources. You will need to manage it for three to four years before you can get your capital back,” George asked Lyna. 
In truth, George was worried that Lyna would shy away from his plan due to the massive commitments she needed to make or simply out of fear. In that case, wouldn’t I miss the opportunity to cross swords with another genius? 
George wasn’t aware that Fabian had inherited his family’s business. He assumed that the latter had built everything by himself, causing him to see Fabian as a worthy rival. If he had known the truth, his enthusiasm would have dampened accordingly. 
After deep consideration, Lyna gritted her teeth and scowled, “Fine. I’ll think of how to gather the funds needed. As for the rest, we will go along with your plan.” 
Lyna steeled herself when she made the decisive choice. She knew that the plan would either spell the end of Fabian or her own doom. 
“Since both of you can’t stop chatting, why don’t we invite Natasha over to our home?” Fabian casually suggested when he saw how both of them were chatting happily. 
Extremely supportive of the idea, Hannah added, “That’s right. Come over to our place where we can continue to talk. After all, we have the afternoon off, and I need to work overtime tomorrow. Besides, I’m not sure when we will have time for this again.”
Natasha readily agreed as she was sent by Fabian to act as Hannah’s bodyguard. After all, if Hannah went home, she still had to watch over her from the shadows. 
“That’s a great idea. However, I’m just worried that I’ll be in the way,” Natasha replied. 
“Definitely not. I couldn’t be more delighted to have you as our guest.” 
Hannah’s smile was so wide that she was flashing her teeth. 
“Haha, she is worried that she will be in my way. But, I still have some work at the office. So, both of you should go on without me.” 
Fabian teased Hannah jokingly. 
“Sheesh, how shameless can you be? So what if she is in your way? Can you even do anything about it?” Hannah snapped, squirming her lips. 
Ever since their wedding, Fabian inexplicably became more easy-going. Noticing the change, Hannah grew more domineering instead. This is what you get for bullying me previously. Given how rare it is for you to compromise, it would be foolish of me to not get my revenge. 
What Hannah meant by bully was simply him letting her win their verbal squabbles. But physically, he still did what he wanted with her as always. 
“Mr. Jackson, there they are,” Xavier’s assistant informed him discreetly. 
Meanwhile, Xavier looked in the direction his assistant was pointing at and saw Fabian, Hannah, and Natasha chatting together. 
At the moment, Hannah had a grimacing expression on because she was making a face at Fabian. However, Xavier took it as a cry for help to save her from Fabian’s clutches.
Holding that thought, he quickened his pace toward them. His palms curled into a fist in anger, feeling the urge to teach Fabian a lesson. 
“Fabian!” Xavier yelled as he walked up to Fabian, seething. 
Despite his attempts at suppressing his anger, he still couldn’t hide the rage in his tone. 
“What? Xavier?” Fabian snapped, springing to his feet when he saw Xavier storming over. 
He wanted to avoid a conflict with Xavier, but it didn’t mean he was afraid of him. 
Damn it, this means trouble! Will these two end up fighting?
###Chapter 1351
Chapter 1351 
Xavier, oh, Xavier, what have I ever done to you for you to haunt me like a spiteful spirit? Why do I keep running into you wherever I go? Can you just stop stalking me? I beg of you, please! 
When Xavier saw Hannah’s gloomy expression, he figured that she didn’t want him to confront Fabian. 
Fine, I’ll bear with it. I just don’t like watching the woman I like suffer. However, this is not the last you hear from me. 
Xavier gritted his teeth and loosened the grip on his fists. Looking at Fabian, he sneered, “Fabian, you really disappoint me. I had wanted to give both you and Hannah my blessings, but I didn’t expect you to turn out this way.” 
Fabian furrowed his brows and squinted his eyes. What do you mean by that? Although he didn’t understand what Xavier was getting at, he wasn’t going to tolerate Xavier’s rudeness. 
“Xavier, since when do I need your advice? Shouldn’t you be minding your own business at the Jackson Group? What are you doing here? Please don’t tell me you’re here for lunch. No one is going to buy that lame excuse.” 
“Hmph, of course I’m not here to have lunch. Only you will take Hannah to a place like this,” Xavier scoffed. 
He had restrained himself previously on the account of Hannah’s feelings for Fabian. But now, things were different because Fabian didn’t treat Hannah well. In fact, he was even threatening her. 
With that thought in mind, he couldn’t help but shoot Natasha a glance. Coincidentally, Natasha was also staring at him.
Natasha was shocked. She knew that her boss was the president of the largest conglomerate in the country and was surprised to see someone actually go against him, to the extent of yelling at him. 
When Xavier looked in Natasha’s direction, she could feel his animosity toward her, which she didn’t understand why. 
What is it? I don’t know you. In fact, I haven’t even seen you before. Why are you looking at me like that? Is this man a lunatic? Does he do this to everyone he meets? 
Fabian couldn’t help but find it amusing as the place was chosen by Hannah. And now, Xavier assumed that it was his fault. Why are you upset when my wife wants to be a little thrifty? 
“Hah, since when did it become your business where I take my family for lunch? Don’t you think you’re overstepping your boundaries here?” 
Fabian didn’t feel the need to show Xavier any respect as he stepped forward in defiance, ready for a fight. 
When Hannah saw that none of them was backing down, she quickly stood up and tugged Fabian’s arm. Retreating a few steps, she asserted, “Mr. Jackson, I have already agreed to do the interview, so please leave. I’ll arrive at your office on time tomorrow.” 
Hannah assumed that he was venting his frustration due to her refusal to interview him. 
Xavier furrowed his brows in response and decided to back down. 
For her to say that, Hannah must have been threatened by Fabian, or perhaps she is just saying it out of pride. In that case, I’ll settle the score with Fabian another time.
“Hmph, Mr. Norton, I’m here because I have a business proposition for you. Therefore, I wonder if you’re later as I would like to invite you over to Jackson Group,” Xavier suggested as he suppressed his confrontational tone. 
“Hmm?” Fabian couldn’t help but snort. 
What? Do you take me for a fool? Do you actually plan to talk business with that attitude of yours? Even a retard knows that you’re not harboring good intentions. 
Nevertheless, Fabian was still curious as to what Xavier wanted to discuss, given his angry demeanor.
###Chapter 1352
Chapter 1352 
With that thought in mind, Fabian agreed, “Alright, since you have a business proposition, it would be foolish of me to refuse. I’ll see you at your office then.” 
Although it was common for people of their stature to use unscrupulous means for revenge, Fabian wasn’t worried. Despite the animosity between him and Xavier, Fabian was still confident of Xavier’s character. 
On the other hand, Hannah was very worried about Fabian when she saw how aggressive Xavier was. Pulling Fabian back forcefully, she shook her head and remarked, “Whatever it is, we will talk in your office tomorrow.” 
When Xavier heard her response, he assumed that she didn’t want Fabian to know that she had requested his help in secret. Nevertheless, he was still peeved by the sight of Fabian and softly reassured Hannah, “Don’t worry, I won’t do anything rash.” 
Reading between the lines, he was telling her that he won’t reveal her true intentions to Fabian before he had rescued her from Fabian’s evil grasp. 
Hannah was stumped. What the hell? Who are you kidding? Are you calling what just happened “nothing at all?” If I hadn’t held Fabian back, both of you would have gotten into a fight. 
A cold glint flashed in Fabian’s eyes when he heard what Xavier said to Hannah. He couldn’t help but feel outraged at the fact that Xavier was still interested in his wife. I’ll definitely be there at your office to see what sort of tricks you have up your sleeve. 
“Since you have agreed to come over, please make sure you keep your word. Or else, I’ll lose my respect for you,” Xavier sneered before he left.
“Fabian, don’t stoop to his level. I think he assumes I turned down his interview because you didn’t allow me to do it. That’s why he stormed over. Don’t be angry. Also, whatever sh*tty business he proposes is likely a ruse, so please don’t go.” 
After Xavier had left, Hannah sat Fabian down and persuaded him. 
“Don’t worry, I’ll be fine.” 
Stroking Hannah’s head with a smile, Fabian stared at her longingly as she spoke. 
He knew that Hannah was just worried about him and didn’t mean anything else. 
Also, when he thought about how Hannah tried her best to avoid Xavier’s interview, he couldn’t help but feel delighted. After all, it meant that she was worried about him feeling jealous which showed how important he was to her. 
“In that case, I’ll go with you,” Hannah asserted. 
Hannah figured that with her there, she could at least stop them from fighting. 
“What? Don’t you trust me?” Fabian quipped affectionately as he pulled her into his embrace and pinched her cheeks. 
Hannah couldn’t help but sigh at how true his words were. She knew it was useless to dissuade him and could only pray that nothing untoward would happen. 
Meanwhile… 
“Ms. Blackwood, everything is in place. We just need him to step into our trap,” one of Lyna’s trusted aides in Blackwood Group reported to her.
Lyna nodded in satisfaction as she had spent a lot of time bringing the plan to fruition. Now that everything was in place, they could begin to execute it. 
“Alright. I’ll find an opportunity within the next two days to strike. I believe I’ll be able to get my hands on Winson’s shares in a very short time. The entire Blackwood Group will be mine soon, and no one can stand in my way,” Lyna declared with a laugh. 
Her aide couldn’t help but feel excited over her words. Once Lyna was in control of Blackwood Group, he, as her top lieutenant, would naturally be rewarded with the post of general manager. Therefore, he congratulated Lyna with a smile, “Ms. Blackwood, congratulations, you have finally succeeded.” 
“It’s still premature to celebrate. We haven’t succeeded yet, have we?” 
However, Lyna changed her tack the next moment and added, “However, I believe that there’s nothing that foolish child, Winson, can do to stop us. Hahaha…
###Chapter 1353
Chapter 1353 
Lyna’s aide laughed heartily with her as if everything was certain to go their way. 
Meanwhile, Hannah and Natasha had returned to Hannah’s villa. Although there was some conflict between Fabian and Xavier, Hannah felt that it wasn’t too serious. After all, both of them were among the heirs of the five prominent families. 
As for Fabian, he wasn’t in a hurry to meet Xavier. When he headed back to his office, he felt that he was neglecting his duty as the boss. 
Every single decision in the company regardless of its importance had to go through him. Therefore, he had caused many of them to be delayed. However, he wasn’t too concerned about the profits as the Phoenix Group had no peer in the nation currently. Nevertheless, it didn’t mean that he had lost interest in them. 
Just when Fabian was considering which company to cooperate with for greater profit, he was interrupted by a phone call. When he answered, he heard the receptionist’s voice over the line. 
“Mr. Norton, there’s a man downstairs who claims to have important information to share with you. Do you think we should get him to leave or…” 
“Huh?” 
Fabian was surprised. Something to report to me? His aides had their own line of communications and wouldn’t have been stopped by the reception. Furthermore, there didn’t seem to be anything suspicious going on lately. 
“What does he look like?” Fabian asked.
“Um… he is about twenty-five. Dressed in sportswear – he is also wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses. He seems to be nervously looking around as if he is afraid of being seen.” 
The receptionist scrutinized the man and reported what she saw as instructed by Fabian. 
“Alright, let him come up,” Fabian replied before ending the call. 
“John, escort this man to Mr. Norton’s office.” 
As the receptionist barked out her orders to an usher, she couldn’t help but feel curious about the man’s identity. After all, it wasn’t easy being granted an appointment with the president, and yet this person managed to snag one. 
Soon, the usher led the man to Fabian’s office. “This is Mr. Norton’s office. Please go on ahead.” 
Only after knocking on the door did the usher leave. 
“Come in.” 
As the man stood at the entrance in both awe and fear, he heard a magnetic voice call out. 
The man walked in after taking in a deep breath. It was as if he was about to make a momentous decision. 
After he entered, he checked his surroundings nervously before shutting it. 
When Fabian noticed how jittery the man was, he was curious to know what it was all about. He simply watched the nervous man’s actions in silence. 
The next moment, the man turned around and took a few steps toward Fabian. When he noticed that Fabian was watching him, he instinctively averted his gaze and took a few steps back.
Is he really our boss’ boss? Why is he so young? 
After a long while, the man finally spoke, “Mr. Norton, my name is Daniel Crane, and I’m an employee at Galaxy Corp, a subsidiary of Phoenix Group.” 
Fabian nodded. As there were many subsidiaries under Phoenix Group, it was impossible for him to know the names of every single employee. Looking at Daniel, he asked, “What brings you here?” 
Daniel gulped as he stepped forward and replied, “Mr. Norton, I… I would like to expose the vice president of Galaxy Corp, Mr. William Greis.” 
Fabian couldn’t help but chuckle. After such a long time, all the man wanted to do was uncover someone’s wrongdoings. Fabian was naturally aware of the corruption that was going on amongst his subordinates. However, he would turn a blind eye as long as they didn’t overdo it. After all, rooting out corruption at that level seemed to be a futile endeavor. 
Having heard Daniel’s words, an image of a potbellied middle-aged man flashed across Fabian’s mind. As the president of Phoenix Group, he naturally knew all the important figures working at the subsidiaries, and William was one of them.
###Chapter 1354
Chapter 1354 
William was someone who wasn’t serious about his work and liked to ingratiate himself to Fabian. Nevertheless, he was still competent enough to carry out the responsibilities of a vice president. However, he had one weakness which was women. 
Holding that thought, Fabian wondered which lady did William upset this time that resulted in Daniel exposing his misbehaviors. Perhaps, William made advances on his wife… 
Fabian couldn’t help but shake his head. That’s just not acceptable. After that, he asked, “Tell me, what did William do?” 
If he really did that, I will have to intervene and solve this problem. 
“Mr. Norton, last night, Mr. Greis assigned me a task which I worked till midnight to complete. But, I didn’t hand it to him until the next day. However, when I entered his office, there was no one in there. Since it was an urgent document, I decided to wait for him, just in case he needed me to make any amendments. Hence, while waiting for him, the phone suddenly rang. I didn’t pick it up in the beginning…” 
While Daniel recounted the event from memory, Fabian began to grow impatient. Where is this going? Why are you rambling on instead of getting to the point? If you are here to complain that you have waited impatiently in his office, I promise I will sack you. 
“Get to the point,” Fabian snapped. 
How did the company hire someone like that? Don’t they know people who run reports should be concise and sharp? 
“Yes! Mr. Norton, coming right up.” Feeling the pressure, Daniel replied quickly.
“When I answered the call, I heard the person on the other line say, ‘Mr. Greis, what’s the progress on the report? The boss is getting impatient. If Fabian isn’t killed, we will be the ones to die.’ I obviously knew that they were talking about you. Therefore, I ended the call and ran out of the office. I hurried here right away and have not gone back since.” 
Daniel looked at Fabian when he finished, hoping that Fabian would believe his words. 
Fabian couldn’t help but feel shocked. They want me dead? They will be killed if I’m not? At the same time, he wondered if Daniel was lying to him. But from the looks of it, he seemed to be telling the truth. 
“Alright. I understand. You can go now,” Fabian replied, furrowing his eyebrows. 
“Erm…” 
Daniel took two steps back awkwardly and didn’t seem like he intended to leave. He knew that if he returned, he would likely have to suffer the consequences. Now that he was aware William was going to harm Fabian, there was no way William would let him go. 
When Fabian noticed Daniel’s hesitation, he quickly realized what the issue was. 
“Alright, please wait downstairs. I’ll send someone to escort you home and ensure your safety. For now, you don’t have to go back to your office. Once the matter is over, I’ll arrange for you to come work at Phoenix Group,” Fabian allayed Daniel’s fears. 
Daniel’s face lit up in response. After all, that was what he was worried about. 
Fabian had not only solved Daniel’s problem but also allowed him to come work at their headquarters. As Phoenix Group was an even larger company, the employee benefits were definitely better. Delighted by the arrangement, Daniel thanked Fabian profusely.
“Thank you, thank you, Mr. Norton. I will definitely work hard and not disappoint you.” 
Ignoring Daniel, Fabian leaned back into his chair and fell deep into thought. 
I have always treated these men well. Even when they made mistakes, I would let it slide or give them a token punishment. I would not hold it against them as long as it wasn’t too serious. However, I didn’t expect them to underestimate me to the extent of causing my death. 
“Huh! Oh, William, I would like to see if you are really capable of destroying me.”
###Chapter 1355
Chapter 1355 
Fabian’s eyes flashed with murderous intent at the thought. The next moment, he picked up the phone and gave his trusted aide a call. 
“I want to know everything about William Greis,” Fabian instructed. 
“William Gries? Who’s William Gries?” 
Puzzled, the aide couldn’t help but ask. 
Fabian was infuriated by his response. No wonder people are threatening my life. My own subordinate’s brain has gone rusty. How can you not know about something as important as this? You even have the cheek to ask who it is! 
“The vice president of Galaxy Corp, William Greis! Do you understand? The vice president of our subsidiary, Galaxy Corp!” Fabian scowled. 
“Alright, alright, I hear you. I’ll find out every single detail about his recent activities,” the aide quickly replied when he realized Fabian was losing his temper. 
Fabian slammed the phone to end the call. No wonder I have a niggling sense of dread. It appears that someone wants me dead. But, they don’t realize how daunting their task is. If it was that easy, I would have been killed more than ten times over. 
After giving it further thought, Fabian picked up the phone again and called the Baykeep police chief. “Hello, Captain Duncan, it’s Fabian.” 
Over on the other line, an obsequious voice was heard. “Oh, Mr. Norton, I’m surprised that you called. How can I be of service?”
The police chief and Fabian enjoyed a very good relationship. When he was a deputy chief, Fabian had provided him with resources and information to bust a major case, resulting in his promotion. Therefore, he had always felt indebted to Fabian. 
“To be honest, I’m calling you because I’m faced with some trouble. I need you to send out an arrest warrant and to monitor all of Baykeep’s transportation routes, especially those of airlines.” 
Captain Duncan couldn’t help but feel shocked. Arrest warrant? That sounds serious. Given the gravity of the situation, someone like him knew what was appropriate to ask and what wasn’t. Even though he might be on good terms with Fabian, he still had to be sensitive with his questions. 
“Alright, send me his details, and I’ll give the order,” Captain Duncan readily agreed. 
“Okay, I’ll do it at once,” Fabian ended the call. 
Fabian’s reason for doing so was that he was worried William would flee while he still had the chance. With William gone, he wouldn’t be able to get to the bottom of the matter. 
After all, Fabian was cognizant that there was more to the matter than met the eye. The mysterious enemy who wanted him dead wasn’t going to do it via a simple assassination. Everyone knew that he was protected from the shadows by more than ten bodyguards. Trying to assassinate him was just suicide. 
Holding that thought, Fabian massaged his temples as there really was a lot going on recently. 
“That idiot!” Lyna screamed in rage. 
She was leaning against her chair when she heard her trusted aide’s report.
“I asked him to check with William for updates but didn’t expect him to call William’s office instead. Furthermore, he was overheard by someone else. How idiotic can he be? Hmph! If he ends up spoiling my plans, I will definitely make him pay!” Lyna calmed down quickly after her rant. 
She was aware that their plot had been uncovered. Luckily, William informed her early enough. Or else, the trivial mistake would end up causing their whole scheme to fail. 
“The priority now is to send William out of Chanaea. Or else, if Fabian manages to get his hand on him, more people will be exposed.” 
After weighing her options, Lyna called her trusted aide. She immediately ordered him to escort William to the airport and get him on the earliest flight out to Pontotium. 
“Listen up. If the police are having a search at the airport, you will have to dispose of William right away. He cannot be arrested alive. Do you understand?” Lyna instructed.
###Chapter 1356
Chapter 1356 
“Yes, I understand. Don’t worry, if I can’t get rid of him, I know what to do,” her aide replied at once. 
Lyna nodded in satisfaction before ending the call. 
Every time Lyna met these leaders in secret, the general manager of Phoenix Group would always be present. Wayne’s attendance was a big influence on them, which was the effect Lyna intended him to have. 
Just as expected, when everyone saw that the general manager had agreed, they too agreed without any hesitation. 
However, this became one of her plan’s flaws. As long as someone was compromised, everyone else would be exposed. The reason was that Wayne had created a chain reaction that tied everyone together. 
As of now, Lyna wasn’t the only one who was worried. Many of the leaders under Fabian were also pacing anxiously in their offices, thinking of the same issue. They were all considering whether to admit their wrongdoing or continue with the scheme. 
Despite receiving Lyna’s reassurances that she would resolve the issue, the slightest mistake would allow Fabian to discover their deed. After all. they were considered to be in “rebellion.” No matter how forgiving he was, there was no way he could tolerate their actions. 
After much consideration, they decided to continue with the plot and see where it would lead them. 
After all, they weren’t left with much choice. Instead of owning up to Fabian, they might as well wait and see. Perhaps, they would have an opportunity to turn things around. As they were all rich but cowardly, their priority was just to survive another day.
Meanwhile, Captain Duncan called Fabian. “Mr. Norton, don’t worry, I have already given the orders. Every single district police station has deployed its men and is already on the lookout. Once your man appears, they will apprehend him at once.” 
“Alright. In that case, I would like to thank you in advance. In the future, let me know if you encounter any problems. As long as it’s within my power, I’ll definitely help you with them,” Fabian plainly promised. 
Now that the police have mobilized their forces, William would definitely be unable to escape. 
Having ended his call, Fabian got up and headed downstairs. 
He had decided to go and see Xavier. He felt it was a good time, given that he wasn’t overwhelmed by work yet. Besides, he figured that if he didn’t go, Xavier would definitely assume that he was afraid and would start spreading unfounded rumors. 
Although he never cared about them personally, he still represented the company as its president. By extension, his image would also affect the company’s reputation at the same time. If a company’s leader doesn’t defend himself when being ridiculed by the public, doesn’t it also mean that the company is equally incompetent? 
“Hello?” Fabian answered the aide’s call from inside his luxury car. 
“Mr. Norton, we have found out every single detail about what William did over the last few days, including the color of this underwear.” 
His aide continued, “He is wearing red today. Yesterday was black. The day before… wait, let me check…” 
“Stop your nonsense!”
Fabian was speechless. Why the hell would I want to know the color of his underwear? If this gets out, everyone will think that I’m a freakin’ sicko! 
“Just tell me who he met recently and who he is closest to!” Fabian yelled angrily. 
“Oh, let me check. Over the past two days, he had spent most of his time with this one person for about ten hours a day.” 
Fabian’s aide quickly answered when he realized Fabian losing his patience. 
Ten hours? They must be discussing how to destroy me. But what are they really discussing? I mean that’s ten whole hours a day! 
“What is the person’s name? What is her or his relationship with William?” Fabian plainly asked. 
“Oh, her name is Shirley York… and, um… she’s his wife.”
###Chapter 1357
Chapter 1357 
“Are you f*cking dumb? Do you want to be fired or what?” 
If the aide was standing in front of Fabian, Fabian would have rushed forward and slapped him repeatedly just to get some sense into him. 
The aide was puzzled as to why Fabian was angry as he had done as Fabian instructed. 
“Get someone else to run through the report with me,” Fabian yelled into the phone. 
This man is an idiot. What was I thinking when I hired him? 
To serve Fabian better and more efficiently, the number that Fabian called always had someone manning it twenty-four hours a day. They were ready to execute Fabian’s instructions at any time. Furthermore, they were all handpicked by Fabian himself. Unfortunately, the one on duty today was an imbecile. 
“Report your findings,” Fabian barked into the phone. 
Obviously, it was a different person on the line this time, who reported the findings as it was. “William is a lecherous person and would be with different women at different times. Most of his contacts do not arouse any suspicion save for one. He is one of the department managers here at headquarters and has called William a few times. Three days ago, William went to see him in the morning.” 
The new aide was a lot more competent and no longer reported what underwear William was wearing. Calming himself down, Fabian asked, “Who is it?” 
“The manager of Phoenix Group’s sales department, Waylon Wallace.”
After a brief pause, the aide continued, “This morning, there was a call made to William. When we called back, the phone had been turned off. However, we found out that the number belonged to Waylon.” 
“Waylon? Alright. I understand. Is there anything else that’s suspicious?” 
Fabian’s eyes were squinting at the thought that there were even employees at headquarters who were involved in this. They seem to be getting more brazen by the day. 
“That’s all we have so far,” the aide replied. 
“Alright. Go to headquarters at once and seize Waylon. After that, wait for my return,” Fabian instructed before ending the call. 
“Interesting… I wonder who else can I uncover this time. After all, both these men are high profile employees after all,” Fabian mumbled to himself sullenly. 
“Hello, Ms. Blackwood, I have disposed of Waylon.” 
Putting on his sunglasses, Wayne walked out from a private room in a café. 
“Alright. Did you leave any tracks behind? If Fabian finds out, all of you are done for,” Lyna asked over the line. 
“Don’t worry, I’m not as incompetent as Waylon,” Wayne replied coldly, as he was still upset with Lyna until now. 
If it wasn’t for her, he wouldn’t be stuck in this situation, feeling on edge every day. Furthermore, he had to keep promoting her cause aggressively to other employees.
“That goes without saying. Without you, our group wouldn’t be as big as it is now,” Lyna laughed before ending the call. 
“Hah, what’s there to be angry about? No matter how frustrated you are, you have no choice but to obey me,” Lyna mumbled to herself as she let out a contemptuous smile. 
Wayne was naturally executing Lyna’s orders. After all, she could not risk having anything go wrong right now. Any mistake could cause her plot to unravel. If Fabian captured Waylon, he would then expose everyone, which was something she could ill afford. 
As for William, men were also sent to dispose of him in the event he failed to flee the country. After all, dead men would tell no tales. 
When Lyna surmised that she could plug all the leaks in her plan this way, she nodded in satisfaction.
###Chapter 1358
Chapter 1358 
As the car screeched to a halt, Fabian had arrived at the entrance of the Jackson Group skyscraper. 
“Mr. Norton, we are here,” Fabian’s driver turned around and informed him. 
Without saying a word, Fabian nodded thoughtfully. During the journey, he was trying to figure out what William and Waylon were conspiring to achieve. In the end, he came to a conclusion – those two were trying to take over the company. 
However, Fabian was surprised by the idea itself. Are those two alone enough to even do it? Isn’t it preposterous? Nevertheless, Fabian was inexplicably certain about their agenda. Or else, they wouldn’t have wanted him dead. 
Furthermore, there had to be someone even more powerful controlling them from behind the scenes. And this mysterious person was the true mastermind behind the plot to topple him. 
Shaking his head, Fabian smiled wryly as he opened the door and alighted. 
No matter who it is, anyone that challenges me will be punished by the heavens. After all, I am favored by the divine. 
“Sir, may I know who it is you’re here to see?” 
A security guard stopped him when he was about to enter. 
“I’m here to see your chairman.” 
Fabian was displeased. How dare you stop me when Xavier Jackson was the one who invited me. 
“Do you have an appointment?” the security guard enquired.
Based on ground rules, no one was allowed to see the chairman without a prior appointment. If anyone could go in and see him, wouldn’t the chairman be overwhelmed? 
“Yes, I do,” Fabian replied plainly. 
“Okay. May I know your name and which company are you from? Also, please include your designation so that I can inform the chairman’s secretary.” 
“Just get it from the person behind me.” 
The moment he quipped, Fabian walked right through the entrance. Now that I’m here, how dare Xavier not welcome me personally? Isn’t he being rude? Since you don’t really care, I’ll suit myself then. 
The security guard nodded as Fabian didn’t seem to be lying. Hence, he asked the person behind, “May I know his name, workplace, and designation?” 
Fabian’s driver was about the age of his own father and was someone very experienced. Realizing that Fabian was peeved, he smiled at the security guard. “Come, my friend, I’ll save you all the trouble. This is the confirmation of our appointment. Take a look here.” 
Just as he spoke, Fabian’s driver clenched his fist as if he was holding the appointment confirmation within it. 
Despite feeling frustrated, the guard lowered his head and looked at the driver’s fist. 
The very moment he did, Fabian’s driver launched an uppercut into the guard’s face. Upon impact, the guard was already seeing stars. 
“Quick… stop him…”
Before he could finish, the guard collapsed onto the ground. What a joke. I am actually good with my hands unlike you, you useless little f*cker. 
With that, Fabian’s driver quickly caught up with him. 
At the next moment, another security started yelling when he saw his colleague sprawled on the ground. “Stop those suspicious men!” 
He screamed as he charged in Fabian’s direction. 
“You, f*ckers, are the ones that are suspicious!” Colton barked in return at the security guard. He was obviously someone with a bad temper. 
When Fabian stepped into the main lobby, he saw that it was bustling with activity. Just the security guards alone numbered more than ten. 
“Guys, surround those two suspicious men” the security guard yelled from behind, pointing at them. 
He was panting heavily from having to run after Fabian and his companion. 
Suddenly, the crowd was in an uproar as they were curious as to who Fabian was. After all, he had brazenly stormed into Jackson Group with the intention of causing trouble.
###Chapter 1359
Chapter 1359 
Before the security guards could react, Colton strode and threw a punch at one of them, who yelled for help. The next moment, he was sent flying and had fallen backward. 
Wham! 
The security guard was furious after he fell heavily to the ground. How dare you beat me up at my territory? Wait a second… why does it feel… warm? 
He was shocked the moment he touched his face. His nose was bleeding due to Colton’s single punch! 
“Damn it! You son of a b*tch! I’ll show you who’s the boss!” 
Although his nose was bleeding, he stood up and rushed toward Colton. 
At the same time, the other security guards also jolted out of their confusion and came up to Fabian and Colton. 
Colton immediately stepped backward to ward them off from Fabian, given that his most important mission now was to protect Fabian. 
“All of you, stop!” Suddenly, someone screamed in a piercingly sharp voice. 
“Why should we stop? These troublemakers injured two of our colleagues. Who are you to stop us?” The security guard who had a bleeding nose retorted disgruntledly. 
“Boys, let’s beat them up and bring pride to our company!” He yelled again. 
Upon saying it, he took the lead to rush toward them and threw a punch at Colton.
Wham! 
Once again, he was sent flying by Colton’s kick. Then, Colton lowered his leg smilingly and shook his head. “Youngsters nowadays are ridiculous.” 
“Haha! You’re right.” Fabian burst into laughter and repeated it. 
He deliberately wanted Xavier to hear it. 
The one who asked the security to stop was Xavier’s assistant. At that moment, Xavier was standing right behind him. 
“Welcome, Mr. Norton. I’m sorry for all the misunderstanding and trouble.” 
Xavier chuckled and walked out from the crowd. Nevertheless, there was a hint of anger in his eyes. Although he was at fault to a certain extent, he came down as soon as he heard that Fabian had arrived. However, he couldn’t believe that Fabian instructed his subordinate to beat up two of his security guards. 
“It’s okay. Mr. Jackson, you’re considered my junior since you came into this industry much later than I did. Besides, I would become a laughing stock if I’m offended by a youngin’ like you. Haha!” 
Fabian was actually dissatisfied as well. I came here upon your invitation, yet your security guards dared to stop me. This was out of line! 
“Though Mr. Jackson, I must compliment your security guards for being so devoted. They inspected guests carefully and even barred me from entering your building,” Fabian continued. 
When Fabian finished, Xavier got increasingly pissed off. How could you have the cheek to criticize us even after you beat up my security guards?
Given that Xavier was at fault in the first place, he had no choice but to hold his tongue. Based on the unspoken rules of business, Xavier was supposed to welcome Fabian at the entrance because they were considered equals. 
“Thank you for pointing that out, Mr. Norton. Anyway, how can we protect our company if the security isn’t strict enough?” Xavier replied. 
“You’re right, but the security guards that you recruited don’t seem to be that suitable. Well, I can assign two of my subordinates to teach them. With them as security guards, I’m afraid… tsk-tsk, your company will be at risk,” Fabian continued teasingly. 
Although Xavier was increasingly angrier, he still held in his emotion. After all, he would be jeered at for arguing with Fabian over such a trivial matter. 
“Well, you can’t blame them entirely because your subordinate is far too strong. Nonetheless, I believe your security guards can hardly stop me too if my subordinates and I visit your company.” 
Ultimately, Xavier had to smooth things over, or it would mean that he agreed that Jackson Group was not as good as Phoenix Group. 
“Why don’t you give it a try, Mr. Jackson? You might be right,” Fabian replied with a smile.
###Chapter 1360
Chapter 1360 
“Alright, I think that’s enough. Let’s come to my office, and we’ll talk.” 
Xavier smiled and changed the subject. After all, the real fun will only begin soon! 
When both of them turned around and were about to go to Xavier’s office, someone yelled in a voice full of hatred, “Stay there! Stay where you are!” 
Xavier couldn’t help but frown. Who would be so daring to ask me to stay put at my own company? 
With that, Xavier and Fabian turned around and realized that the security guard whom Colton defeated soundly was clamoring. 
“Hmph! How can he get away after beating me up at my territory?” the security guard yelled furiously. 
Fabian couldn’t help but feel intrigued. Well, well, one must have b*lls of steel to claim that this is his territory in front of his boss! Either that or he’s plain dumb! 
On the other hand, Xavier’s face darkened suddenly. Who the hell recruited this guy? How dare he make such a scene in front of me! This is absurd! 
“Did you say this is your territory?” Xavier asked while gnashing his teeth. 
Deep in his heart, Xavier felt that the security guard had embarrassed him in front of Fabian. What an idiot! I’d throw him in a never-ending fire pit if I could! 
“Of course! We’re in charge of safeguarding this place. As such, we’ll beat anyone who dares to make trouble.”
Apparently, the chief security officer didn’t know his boss and thought that Xavier was just Fabian’s friend. 
He used to be a hooligan and started working for Xavier’s company recently after his sister married one of the supervisors in Xavier’s company. As he had worked here for merely a few days, he didn’t know who Xavier was. In fact, he always stood at the entrance since the first day of work, hoping to meet Xavier in person. He wished to have the opportunity to flatter Xavier and get promoted in the future. 
“Are both of us troublemakers in your eyes?” Fabian asked the security guard with a broad smile on his face. 
This is interesting. The president of the company is stopped by his own security guards. I wonder how Xavier will teach him a lesson? 
“Hah! Are you talking nonsense? Who are you to meet the president of our company whenever you like? We don’t even allow the president of A Nation to enter the building if he doesn’t have an appointment. Besides, how dare you beat me and enter the building anyway? I’ll teach you guys a lesson,” The security guard said defiantly. 
“Hmph!” 
Xavier was furious and rendered speechless by his bold remark. 
“What are you guys waiting for? Go and beat him up!” 
When the rest looked at him strangely and didn’t move an inch, the security guard couldn’t help but knit his brows. What? Are they afraid? 
“The company wasted their money on you guys. If you guys refuse to do it, I’ll do it myself.”
Once he finished, he rushed toward Xavier. He didn’t want to pick a fight with Colton because Colton had proven his strength by defeating him with a single punch. Also, he could hardly fight Fabian as Colton was protecting him. 
Besides, Xavier’s assistant was difficult to deal with because he was a little fat. As such, he thought to himself. Oh, this skinny guy is a good choice. I can probably finish him with a single kick. 
“You!” 
Xavier felt speechless as that guy happened to pick his own boss as his opponent. 
“F*ck you!” 
Xavier lifted his leg swiftly to kick at the man’s chest. 
As expected, the security guard was sent flying again. Although Xavier was already the president of his company, he was still strong as he had always been working out since high school. 
“Take him away and teach him about how to be a qualified security guard. Also, find out who recruited him and inform him that he’s fired altogether!” 
Xavier was furious for having such a terrible security guard. 
“Yes, sir!” The other security guards replied affirmatively and took away the man, who was still at a loss. 
While Fabian put on a faint smile, Colton burst into laughter and said teasingly, “Just how horrifying is this! A mere security guard would be daring enough to beat up his own boss! Haha!”
###Chapter 1361
Chapter 1361 
Although Xavier’s face darkened, he didn’t utter a word and kept walking toward his office. 
“Tell me why you want to meet me.” 
Fabian soon arrived at Xavier’s office. Since there were only two of them in the office, Fabian asked straightforwardly so that he wouldn’t waste any time. 
“You’re asking me? Why don’t you ask yourself!” Xavier said harshly. 
He didn’t wish to dwell on what happened earlier. 
But since Fabian pretended to be innocent, Xavier couldn’t help but feel furious. He thought about Hannah, who was threatened by Fabian. I can let it pass even though you took the love of my life away from me. Now that you already have her, how could you treat her this way? 
“Oh? Why should I?” 
Fabian was a little bewildered. Did I do something wrong that I, myself, am not aware of it, yet Xavier knows? Is this… a joke? 
“I don’t understand what you’re talking about. Just tell me, Mr. Jackson. There’s no need to beat around the bush,” Fabian said. 
“Hah! Am I beating around the bush? Don’t you know what you did? I really admire you for that. Have you forgotten about what happened to Vivian? Or are you that heartless to pretend that it didn’t happen? Humph!” Since Fabian didn’t admit to it, Xavier finally lost his temper and berated Fabian.
The incident was a scar engraved on Fabian’s heart. Although it happened for quite some time ago, he didn’t wish to bring it up again. However, Xavier mentioned it nevertheless and even accused him of being heartless. 
“Mr. Jackson, it’s none of your business to ascertain if I’m heartless. Besides, I don’t have time to entertain those who only know half of the truth! You’re wasting my time!” Fabian rebutted coldly. 
Since we are from five prominent families, I didn’t want to dwell on your mistakes. However, it is you who want to find fault with me now. Do you think I won’t teach you a lesson? Don’t forget that the Norton family ranks first among all five prominent families. 
Fabian was boiling with rage as Xavier kept looking for trouble. 
“Very well… Since you wanted me to be straightforward, I’ll say it out loud right now!” With that said, Xavier took a step forward and stood in front of Fabian. 
“We used to engage in a fair competition. But since Hannah had chosen to marry you because she loves you, I had given you both my blessing. However, how did you treat Hannah? By having men following her 24/7 and robbing her of her dom? I have had enough of your nonsense! From now on, I’ll win her over!” 
Fabian snickered, “All that just to tell me that you’re after my wife. Does the way I treat her concern you in any way? Win her over? Hahaha! I dare you to!” 
At that, Fabian looked at Xavier coldly, thinking that Xavier had some misunderstanding about him. Nonetheless, he didn’t wish to argue with him as he trusted Hannah with all his heart. Hannah might be a little silly at times, but she will never betray me. Fabian was confident about it.
Besides, Fabian felt that Xavier’s reaction was ridiculous. This man still couldn’t forget Hannah even after Hannah married him. The truth is that I simply assigned several subordinates to accompany and protect Hannah. How dare he make such a wild accusation, saying that I’ve robbed her of her dom? Why would I do that? Does he think I’m a psychopath? 
Since Fabian didn’t deny the allegation, Xavier provoked him confidently and continued furiously, “Fabian, you don’t deserve to be a man for making such a remark. I pity Hannah for marrying you. Besides, I can finally see through you. From today onward, I’ll discuss with my family to terminate all partnerships between the two companies.”
###Chapter 1362
Chapter 1362 
Knitting his brows, Fabian retorted, “What? Do you think the Norton family will be afraid of you? If there’s nothing else, I’ll be leaving now.” 
Before Xavier could reply, Fabian turned around and walked towards the exit. 
However, he stopped halfway and added with a sneer, “By the way, you’re not the one who can decide whether you want to terminate our partnership. Don’t think too highly of yourself.” 
Fabian was right. The partnership between the two companies couldn’t terminate with merely a few words as it was established by their prior generation. Besides, the members of both families and the other prominent families would definitely voice their ions upon hearing this. 
If they were to terminate their partnership, the Jackson family would suffer bigger losses than the Norton family. After all, the all-powerful Norton family could easily choose another partner and only make slightly less profit. 
After that, Fabian left Xavier’s company quickly. On his way back to the office, Fabian received a phone call. He was informed that Waylon wasn’t in the company but was already murdered in a private room at a café. 
Fabian massaged his temples to calm himself down. Then, he instructed his subordinates to rush to the airport to find William. He believed that William would board a flight if he wanted to leave earlier. 
Soon, he received disappointing news from his subordinates at the airport. William indeed planned to board a flight to leave. However, when Fabian’s subordinates found William, the two men beside William immediately drew their knives.
Fabian’s subordinates weren’t afraid and were ready to engage. Nonetheless, because they were far from William, the two men unexpectedly stabbed William’s body with their knives five times. At that point, they weren’t sure if William was already dead or still alive. 
Miles away, Lyna, who was in her private villa, was relieved after receiving the news. “Fortunately, I was smart enough to send my men in advance, or William will be in Fabian’s hands by now.” 
She was satisfied upon listening to her trusted aide’s report. Since William was stabbed five times, there’s no way he would survive! Hahaha! 
In the office, Fabian was trying to figure out who wanted to target him. As he was deep in thought, he suddenly received a phone call from A Nation. 
“Hello, Mr. Norton. I’ve found out the information you need.” 
Fabian had instructed him to find out news about Yvette after she arrived at A Nation. “How is it? Have you found her?” he asked. 
“Yes, we found her. We stopped her at one of the streets at A Nation. She was timid and immediately confessed that she was merely a double,” The man reported to Fabian thoroughly over the phone. 
“A double? What do you mean?” 
Fabian couldn’t help but feel shocked. 
“She told me that because she looked like Yvette, someone asked her to be Yvette’s double and came to A Nation. In return, she would receive a hundred million. As such, she agreed to the offer. Also, the one who came to A Nation alongside Yvette was a double as well.”
Fabian took a deep breath once he finished listening. What an elaborate trick! Even I fell for it! A moment later, he said over the phone, “Okay, I know it. Thanks for your help.” 
After hanging up the phone, he stood straight and looked out the window. Deep in his heart, he felt that there was a huge conspiracy behind everything. 
He was certain that it wasn’t Yvette’s own idea to use a double to mislead him. After all, he knew her very well that under such circumstances, she couldn’t come up with such an elaborate trick. 
As such, there was definitely a mastermind behind Yvette who controlled everything and was careful in taking every step. In that case, her so-called cousin was undoubtedly a double. This was the reason that his subordinates were unable to find any information for quite some time. 
“If I’m not mistaken, this incident was also planned by Yvette and her gang. The mastermind behind Yvette must hold a deep grudge against me, or else she wouldn’t do so much to help Yvette.”
###Chapter 1363
Chapter 1363 
Fabian took a deep breath and was deep in thought again. 
I’m surprised that someone in Baykeep wants to take me down. This is getting interesting! Since you’re not afraid to die, let’s see if you can take me down easily. 
At this moment, he was boiling with rage. He didn’t retaliate when Yvette and a mysterious woman wanted to crash into Hannah with a car during the wedding. Nevertheless, this bunch of people became even more audacious. In that case, he decided to strike back forcefully. 
“Fortunately, they seemed to be targeting me for now and not Hannah. Also, she should be safe because I had assigned some men to protect her.” 
Meanwhile, he began to analyze who actually wanted to take him down. 
Could it be… could it be the same mysterious woman who wanted to run over Hannah and me with the car during the wedding? 
He believed that the mysterious woman continued playing her tricks with extreme care after the incident. As such, his subordinates couldn’t find any news nor clues about him. 
Meanwhile, Lyna was anxious and wished to execute her plan as soon as possible. She couldn’t put her mind at ease if it dragged on. 
If Fabian realized that there was a mastermind behind everything, he would eventually investigate his subordinates. Eventually, her efforts would go down the drain when he found some clues. 
Besides, she was even more worried that Wayne would expose everything once Fabian found out something about him.
Therefore, she had no choice but to bring her plan forward. 
“George.” 
Lyna went to the workplace that she prepared specifically for George and called his name. 
“Yes?” 
George was observing the stocks of Phoenix Group in front of the computer when Lyna came in. He turned around and looked at her curiously. What is it? Does she not trust me? 
“I decided to bring forward our plan. When can you finish your preparation?” 
Lyna had to admit that George was the key to her plan. If George couldn’t force Fabian to use his liquid capital worth of five billion, she couldn’t take Fabian down on her own. 
“Huh? Didn’t you say I have at least a week to prepare?” 
George was helpless at this moment. After all, he wasn’t a god who could make Fabian’s stocks collapse at once but needed time to orchestrate it. 
“The plan has changed. Since Fabian begins to be suspicious, he could finish us off if we don’t act now,” Lyna explained to George. 
George frowned as he explained to Lyna, “After observing the company’s stock trend, I can see that the stock price is steady and doesn’t fluctuate much. This isn’t the best time for us to strike.” 
Lyna was a little frustrated after listening to him. Although she understood that the timing wasn’t right, she couldn’t afford to sit and wait. In other words, she was forced to act now. 
Lyna gave it some thought but finally said, “We must act!”
She paused for a while and continued, “Tell me how much money and time you need. Also, please estimate how much money Phoenix Group would lose.” 
After all, it was a race against time now, and she would lose everything if she was slower. 
“Hmm…” 
George pondered over it for a while and answered, “Certainly, the more money you can provide, the better the outcome will be. Give me five hundred million, and I’m confident that Fabian will lose four billion of his capital in two days. If I have three days, he will lose four billion and five hundred million. Nevertheless, Fabian will lose his capital only for a certain period of time. A week later, his capital will recover eventually. As such, you’ve to act swiftly.” 
“Alright, I’ll give you five hundred million.” 
The next moment, Lyna barked, “The plan starts tomorrow. Please make your preparations.” 
She exited George’s workplace after giving the instruction. Then, she thought about it for a while and decided to call Yvette. 
Since five hundred million was a lot of money, Lyna thought that she had to inform Yvette. Although she had made preparations in advance, she still couldn’t withdraw such a large chunk of money at one go.
###Chapter 1364
Chapter 1364 
“Yvette, we have to bring forward our plan as something happened. Wait for me. I’m going to meet you now.” 
After that, she rushed to where Yvette stayed. 
As soon as Lyna entered the villa, Yvette came up to her. Yvette was a bundle of nerves once she heard that something happened. After all, if Fabian found out everything, not only would she lose Fabian, but she would even get sentenced to life. 
“Lyna, what happened?” Yvette asked nervously. 
On the other hand, Lyna was delighted to see that Yvette was nervous. The more nervous Yvette was, the more money she would give to Lyna. This was exactly what Lyna wanted. 
“The two men from Fabian’s company whom I bribed earlier were exposed. Although I’ve plugged the leak now, I’m worried that Fabian would try to get information from other subordinates. In that case, he will likely find out that we’re behind this,” Lyna said to Yvette. 
Yvette got even more anxious and knitted her brows. After a while, she lowered her gaze and whispered, “What should we do? If Fabian discovers the truth, both of us are screwed.” 
As Yvette was at a loss, she lifted her head suddenly and asked, “Lyna, what should we do now?” 
Apparently, Yvette treated Lyna as her savior. Since Lyna was resourceful, she gazed at Lyna expectantly, waiting for her to propose a solution to salvage both of them. 
“Don’t worry. I’ve already thought about the way out. So, we don’t have to be afraid of Fabian.”
Lyna couldn’t help but squint. If her plan worked, she would survive this and even replaced Fabian. Although Phoenix Group wouldn’t be as strong as it was now, it would still be one of the top ten companies in the country. 
“Oh? What do we have to do? I’ll do anything you say.” 
At this moment, Yvette was obviously at a loss. As such, she was willing to heed Lyna’s instructions once she heard that Lyna could save her. 
“Okay. Actually, you don’t have to worry too much. We only have to proceed with our original plan.” 
Apart from comforting Yvette, Lyna was also trying to pluck up her own courage. 
“Alright, come with me. I’ll bring you somewhere.” 
Lyna decided to tell Yvette about the entire plan. After all, she didn’t worry that the plan would get exposed because it would start within two days. Also, since Yvette had completely become her comrade of sorts, there was no reason whatsoever to report Lyna’s deeds to the authorities. 
“Okay. Where are we going?” 
Yvette was a little bewildered. Since this villa is safe and no one knows that I’m here, why should we go to another place? 
“You’ll understand when you arrive.” 
Lyna didn’t explain too much to her for now. 
“Mr. Norton, our men have brought William to the hospital. The doctors are now trying their best to save him. However, because one of the five stab wounds was directed at his lung, the doctors said that his chance of survival is low.” Fabian’s trusted aide reported to him.
Fabian frowned upon hearing it. Would I lose the only clue if William dies? 
“Did you tell the doctors that I want to save him?” Fabian said in a deep voice. 
“Yes, I did. The director got the best doctor and prepared the best medicine and equipment for the surgery,” his trusted aide answered truthfully. 
“Okay, I understand.” Fabian nodded 
Then, he added, “Investigate the call history between William and Waylon all over again to find out if there are any links between them. Also, investigate every staff in Phoenix Group who holds the position of at least a director. Report to me once you’ve found something suspicious. If someone realizes that you guys are conducting investigating and do anything suspicious in response, restrain him and don’t let him escape!” Fabian instructed his trusted aide. 
Deep down, he believed that William and Waylon were related to the incident. I believe there must be a high-ranking individual behind them. Also, given that the two men apparently followed his instructions, he must be one of the higher-ups of Phoenix Group. 
“Yes, sir!
###Chapter 1365
Chapter 1365 
Fabian’s trusted aide walked out without much of a word. 
By this time, Lyna had already brought Yvette to her secret workplace. 
The moment after they arrived, Yvette could not help but gasp at the sight. So this is what Lyna has been building all this while secretly. There were all sorts of delicate devices monitoring Fabian’s people, of which most of them Yvette had never seen before. Whereas on the other hand, George and his team were busy spying on Phoenix Group. 
Before Yvette could finish observing the place, Lyna led her into a deserted room. Lyna opened her mouth right after they sat down. “Now, those people you saw out there are hired by me to deal with Fabian. A majority of Phoenix Group is already working for us. But there is still a group of stubborn people, which we are now monitoring for twenty-four hours. If any of them dare to expose our secret, we will act on them immediately.” 
Lyna paused for a while to give Yvette some time to digest the information. “I have also specially hired a finance genius from A Nation to deal with Fabian. This guy has looked into all Phoenix Group’s resources, and he is confident that he can get control over all Fabian’s current assets within two days.” 
After hearing all these, Yvette let out a long sigh and asked, “Well, is there anything I could help with?” 
Even though Yvette was not as much a genius as Lyna was, she thought her intelligence might still be able to provide some assistance. 
Lyna tried so hard to find a way to rescue me, so there must be something she needs from me. Although Yvette felt a little unpleasant being used, she knew she could not ask for more. After all, if it was not for Lyna, Yvette would still be in prison.
“Haha, since you already knew I rescued you for a purpose, I will be honest with you. Indeed, I cannot accomplish this without you. There is something that only you can help.” 
Lyna gazed sincerely at Yvette and expressed her wish. “George is planning to manipulate Phoenix Group’s stock market, but we’re going to need some money. Around five hundred million.” 
Five hundred million? Is she kidding me? It would be my entire net worth. Is she really expecting me to give everything to her just like that? What if something happens to me along the way? Who is going to help me then? 
Looking at Yvette’s astonished face, Lyna let out a chuckle. “Of course, I don’t mean to ask you to provide the five hundred million all by yourself. But as you can see, I have spent a huge amount on the devices and the team. So right now, I am only left with two hundred million. I need your help with the remaining three hundred.” 
Yvette raised a brow at her demand. Three hundred million is also a big number. It’s not that I don’t want to help, but will it really be worth it? If this amount of money can defeat Fabian and make me the savior of the Norton family, I am willing to do it. Because then Fabian will be forever in debt to me. But what are the chances? 
“Lyna, how much confidence do you have in this?” Yvette had to know for sure the risk she was about to take. 
“There is an eighty percent chance of success.” 
Lyna gave her an estimation and started to elaborate, “Wayne, the general manager of Phoenix Group, has already given in. With him at our side, a lot of upper management will be taking the same stand. Besides, we have our people in nearly all the industries of Phoenix Group. Therefore, technically it will not be difficult to defeat Fabian. The key lies in the stock market. George has figured out that Phoenix
Group possesses around five billion worth of current assets. He said that with five hundred million, he would be able to control all the current assets. So right now, you play a crucial part in this.” 
Carefully analyzing the whole strategy, Yvette asked with doubt, “Can we trust George in this? Is he really capable of achieving what he said with five hundred million?” 
Lyna’s lips curled into a smile. “You’ll be putting in three hundred million, that is, if you agreed to. But for me – I’m going all in, including putting my own life on the line. If I have the slightest doubt, do you think I will tell you this? Besides, since William and Waylon have been exposed, I believe Fabian will take his next move soon. If he does, I’m afraid the whole situation will turn against us, and we will be sitting ducks by then.”
###Chapter 1366
Chapter 1366 
Yvette nodded sternly while listening to Lyna’s explanation. After pondering for a while, she gritted her teeth and said, “Okay, Lyna. I will give you three hundred million.” 
If we succeed, I will be married into the Norton family. What I own by then will be far greater than three hundred million. We can’t make an omelette without breaking eggs, after all. If a genius like Lyna is willing to risk it, I might as well take a leap of faith. Ultimately, even if we fail, I will still have two hundred million left. That should be more than enough for a fresh start. If that happens, I will just disappear and spend my life peacefully somewhere. 
“But when Fabian’s company collapses, how am I supposed to save him?” Yvette continued to ask, as her final purpose was to make Fabian divorce Hannah and marry herself. 
Upon hearing this, Lyna’s expression became strange. Saving him? Why would she do so? If he survives we will surely be dead. After we defeat him, I will buy all his bankrupted companies one by one. By doing so, I will become one of the top riches in this country. Then I will never need to fear him. 
But surely Lyna would not let Yvette find out her real intention. In order to secure the three hundred million from the latter, Lyna let out a sincere laugh in pretense. 
“You should tell him that you have a solution for his crisis. But he has to divorce Hannah and marry you for you to help him. If he agrees, then I will ask George to return Fabian’s assets slowly.” 
Yvette could not be more satisfied after hearing this answer. Oh, dear sweet Hannah, Fabian is going to be mine after all. You were never a match for me. 
“Alright, and after I am married into the Norton family, I will get Fabian to collaborate with you. I believe by then Blackwood Group will have far greater prospects.” Yvette exclaimed triumphantly as if they had
already won the battle. 
Haha. Not only greater prospects, but Blackwood Group will also become invincible by then. 
Just then, Lyna seemed to recall something. “Oh, by the way, Yvette, there is one more favor I need to ask of you.” 
“Of course. Anything you need.” 
Since Yvette was already determined to be involved in the plan, she would do anything to ensure its success. 
“George will start tomorrow. I need you to ask your cousin to assign Hannah to go to Blackwood Group. The company will be launching a benefit, especially for senior employees. We will then arrange for her to conduct an interview. In the meantime, I will create some mess to distract Fabian while we make a move on Hannah.” 
“Okay, no problem. Leave this to me.” Yvette agreed without hesitation, as it was something she could do easily. 
Right after Yvette went out to make the transaction, a man entered Lyna’s room. 
“Ms. Blackwood, I have done as you told. The Remdik firearm dealers have arrived at an inn at Baykeep.” 
Upon receiving the news, Lyna’s smile grew wider. “Okay. Please make them feel welcomed. And tell them that we can talk about the deal by tomorrow. The price will be twenty percent more than the market price and tell them to wait at the inn. I will send someone to pick up the goods. And finally, for those who know about this, make sure that you…”
Lyna did not finish her sentence but gave a look to that man. Right away, the man understood what she meant. 
“Yes, madam.” The man gave a brief response and left. 
“Poor Hannah. I am afraid this time Fabian won’t be able to perform a miracle anymore no matter how capable he is.” Right after the man left the room, Lyna started laughing by herself. She found herself amused by Hannah’s stupidity.
###Chapter 1367
Chapter 1367 
“Hello, is Mr. Norton in the office?” Jason questioned the receptionist at the atrium of Phoenix Group. 
The receptionist raised a brow at his question, wondering who this rude man was. But she immediately changed her attitude the moment she realized he was Jason from the Goldstein family. Due to the latter’s relationship with Fabian, everyone in the company recognized him. 
The next moment, the receptionist replied with a professional smile, “Mr. Norton should be in.” 
Upon hearing that answer, Jason turned and stepped towards Fabian’s office without even thanking the receptionist. He seemed to be in a hurry. 
The poor receptionist gave a long sigh, looking helplessly at Jason. 
Reaching Fabian’s office door, Jason did not even knock. He pushed the door open and shouted while he entered. “Fabian!” 
Meanwhile, Fabian was busy with his phone, apparently trying to track down all the traitors in his company. He was obviously frustrated to be interrupted in the middle of an urgent investigation. But after he realized it was Jason, he smiled in relief. 
“Okay, that will be all for now. Report to me if anything happens.” Fabian hung up the phone after giving his instruction. 
“I am really busy now, so I don’t have time for you. Please go and find Helen. The two of you can have some fun together before her semester starts.” Fabian showed no interest at all to entertain Jason. 
“Fabian, I came here not to have fun.” Jason sat down slowly and looked at Fabian.
“Then why are you here?” Fabian still seemed somewhat annoyed as he doubted Jason would have anything important to find him. At the moment, he did not have the time for any irrelevant matter. 
What could he be up to? I’m really in deep sh*t right now. I won’t even know what happened to Yvette if I did not overhear what my father said. I need time to figure everything out. Please, Jason. Please don’t cause extra trouble now. 
“Fabian, I am not kidding. I have something really important to tell you.” Jason’s nerve began to crack while he realized that Fabian did not believe him. 
“Alright, alright. What’s so important then?” Fabian responded helplessly as he knew Jason would never leave unless he let the latter finished talking. 
“Fabian, do you still remember that I told you that Lyna wasn’t a good woman. The way she looked at Hannah during your wedding was really suspicious.” Jason started talking, with his gaze extraordinarily solemn. 
“Mm-hmm.” Fabian did recall Jason mentioned something about Lyna, but he did not pay much attention to it at that time. 
“And the two guys in the car who ran you and Hannah down, one of them was Yvette, right? And you failed to identify to the second party.” Jason furthered his topic. 
“That’s right.” Fabian started to become curious about what Jason was about to say. 
What is it? Have you found out new evidence about that accident? Was Lyna the second accomplice then? 
With that, Fabian became the anxious one in the conversation, anticipating Jason to provide an answer.
“Fabian, I don’t know why, but I have a strong feeling that it was Lyna,” Jason spoke again. 
“Have you had any proof?” Fabian asked. 
If it was Lyna back then, most probably, she is the one behind this crisis now. From what Fabian knew, Lyna was a person that he should never underestimate. 
“No,” Jason replied with a somewhat disappointed tone. 
“No? Are you serious?” Fabian shook his head with his brows knitted after hearing Jason’s reply. 
What was I expecting? I almost believed that Jason could find a breakthrough in that case. At the end of the day, he is just a kid. 
“Please be patient, Fabian. Even though I did not discover any proof, but I did discover something else.”
###Chapter 1368
Chapter 1368 
Right at that moment, Jason’s expression became extremely unyielding. Fabian had never seen Jason so serious before. 
“What did you find out?” Fabian could not hold back his curiosity anymore. 
“Lyna is plotting something against Hannah and Winson,” Jason said. 
“What are you talking about?” 
I find this somewhat hard to believe. How could Jason even discover something like this? Even if Lyna was the other accomplice, she is not dumb. Why would she risk going after Hannah again? She must know I am protecting Hannah really hard right now. She won’t even stand a chance. 
“It’s true. Please let me finish.” 
Jason straightened up and leaned towards Fabian, as he sensed the latter was still doubting him. “Fabian, ever since that accident, I have been suspecting Lyna. So I gathered a few friends, and we have been spying on Lyna. Up until this morning, one of our spies informed us that Lyna has prepared a contract recently. It consists of many pages of irrelevant content, but the last part is about a share transfer agreement.” 
Fabian could not wrap his head around what Jason was saying. A contract? But what does this have to do with Hannah? Hannah does not own any shares of Blackwood Group. How exactly could this be harming her? 
“Are you telling me that Lyna is going after Winson’s share, but it doesn’t concern Hannah at all?”
Jason spotted Fabian’s confused expression, so he continued to elaborate, “Yes, this contract has nothing to do with Hannah. But check this out. When they were printing out the contract, they printed out another document, which turned out to be a list of firearms deals.” 
“Really?” Upon hearing this, Fabian’s heart skipped a beat. 
Firearms deals? Is Lyna out of her mind? Why the f**k does she need to buy firearms? Is she going to kill Hannah? 
If Lyna really bought heavy weapons such as missiles and opened fire at Hannah, all those bodyguards he had hired for Hannah would be useless. 
But, will she really do so? Even possessing a handgun is a big crime in this country, let alone a missile. If she really were to commit such a crime, she would be the whole country’s enemy. Nevertheless, I should be cautious about this. If she really is that desperate, she will do almost anything to bring us down with her. 
Fabian’s face paled in fright as he was thinking about how he could take further precautions towards Lyna. 
Looking at Fabian’s frightened expression, Jason realized that he might have misunderstood. Thus, he quickly explained again, “Calm down, Fabian. I am not done talking. The list of firearms deals is not to kill Hannah. It’s to set her up. Do you understand what I am saying? They want to slander Hannah by saying that she was the one who bought those firearms.” 
“Huh? Does she think she could slander anyone just like that?” Fabian’s fear subsided a little after he realized they were not after Hannah’s life. 
What a joke. Does she think the cops in this country are all fools?
“Surely she has a plan. From what I heard, Blackwood Group will be launching a new policy tomorrow. It’s about the benefit for senior employees, which is said to be the first in this industry. Hannah is invited to conduct an interview. The procedure will require her to sign as a witness. If they can lay their hands on Hannah’s signature, then they can use it.” 
At that instant, Fabian’s heart was filled with resentment towards Lyna. How dare you plan such a cunning move on Hannah! If Hannah signs those papers, then even I, the president of Phoenix Group, won’t be able to save her. It will be too late by then. 
“Fabian, that’s all I wanted to say. I know you’re a busy person, so I will see myself out now. As for this matter, I will leave it to you.” Jason figured he should give Fabian some privacy to digest the information.
###Chapter 1369
Chapter 1369 
Although Jason might be childish at times, he knew how to act when it came to critical moments. He was fully aware that Fabian was currently in deep water, thus it was best for him not to further discuss it. 
“Okay.” Fabian also did not say much anymore. 
Looking at Fabian’s cold response, Jason could not help but worry a little, as he had never seen Fabian in such a foul mood. But on the other hand, he still had tremendous confidence in the latter. Even as the situation had escalated as such, he still believed Fabian would win over Lyna eventually. 
After Jason left, Fabian sat on his chair with his fists clenched. Lyna, you almost outsmarted me. If it weren’t for Jason, I’m afraid I would be defeated in blind. But since you have chosen this path, I will be sure to return the favor. From now on, you will no longer have a place in Blackwood Group. 
Fabian’s eyes darkened as he pondered, as though clouds were forming above his head. 
“Please come into my office now.” Fabian picked up the phone and contacted his assistant. 
The assistant entered the office after a short moment. 
“Mr. Norton?” 
“Yes. Go and find Jason now. See if he can get the original copy of the contract. If he can, ask him to send me the original format and transfer all party A’s share to party B. Also, modify the list on the last page. Keep the format, but make sure no illegal items appear in the contract,” Fabian ordered his trusted aide. 
“Yes, Mr. Norton.”
The assistant nodded right away, even though she had no idea what Fabian was talking about. But she figured she would understand after she found Jason and got those documents. 
“Okay, after you have done all that, return them to Jason. He will know what to do. That’s all. Please get it done right away,” Fabian requested again. 
Fabian waited for the assistant to leave his office before he picked up his phone to call yet another trusted aide. “Hello, please help me to check out this person called Lyna Blackwood. I want to know all her whereabouts for this recent month, understand?” 
“Yes, sir!” 
Upon receiving a steadfast affirmative from the other end, Fabian hung up a phone in a better mood. A moment later, he took a glance at his watch. Hannah should be heading to the gym by now. Natasha will be accompanying her, so I guess there won’t be any trouble. 
“Who the hell are you?” 
Inside the general manager’s office of Phoenix Group, Wayne was in shock. 
He had just gone to the washroom for a short while. But to his astonishment, he found a stranger standing in his office after he came back. 
“Haha, I’d advise you to keep your voice down, Mr. man. You won’t want anyone to hear us.” 
The intruder responded so boldly that he hardly seemed to fear or respect Wayne at all. 
“Who exactly are you? What are you doing in my office? Speak now. Or I will call the cops.” 
Wayne felt extremely insulted by this rude stranger.
“Call the cops? I suggest that you think twice. If the cops find out about your embezzlement, how many years of sentence do you think you will get?” The stranger was still smiling without any fear. 
“What… what are you talking about? How did you know about that?” 
Wayne was at a loss as he felt that more and more people knew his crime. He thought he could outsmart the world, yet he did not expect that Lyna would be the one who exposed him. Now the whole situation was closing up on him. 
“Mr. man, Ms. Blackwood send me to deliver a message. You can rest assured that we won’t do anything to you.” The man could not help to snicker at Wayne’s expression. 
“Ms. Blackwood? What does she want from me?” Wayne was wondering why Lyna would not call him in person but instead sent a messenger here.
###Chapter 1370
Chapter 1370 
“Ms. Blackwood said that it’s the critical period now, so she could not call you herself. That’s why she has sent me.” 
I have already known about William and me. But why didn’t she even call? 
While Wayne was still trying to clear his doubts, the man approached him abruptly and whispered in his ears. “Tonight at eight o’clock sharp, Ms. Blackwood would like you to bring thirty million to Private Room One at Baykeep Coffee House. She will be waiting for you.” 
“Are you kidding me? Thirty million? How am I supposed to get this much money in one day?” 
Wayne’s heart fell with a thud when he heard this. Even if he had commit lots of embezzlement, there was no possible way he could find thirty million within such short notice. 
“My job is to deliver this message to you. It is up to you to decide if you are going to obey it or not. Frankly, it is none of my business. But if you decide not to go, I don’t know what will happen to you tomorrow. Hahaha…” 
The man finished his mission and left the office with a sinister chuckle, leaving Wayne all befuddled. 
“Mr. Norton, everything is in place. Mr. Goldstein said he had completed what you said.” 
Meanwhile, back at Fabian’s office, he could finally be relieved after receiving a call from his assistant. 
Soon, the night began to swallow the world, yet the whole city was still as bright as day because of the neon lights from the skyscrapers.
While Fabian was driving home, he received a call from Hannah. Hannah said on the phone that she had prepared a lot of delicious dishes. 
Hearing that, Fabian drove at full speed and reached home in a blink of an eye. He then entered the kitchen to a table full of his favorite dishes. 
“Are you back already? I didn’t know you would be so eager to try out my dishes.” Hannah let out a hearty laugh when she noticed Fabian behind her. 
Nevertheless, it was unusual for Fabian to reach home this early. Hannah was a little surprised, but only Fabian knew that he came home so early due to his concerns for Hannah’s safety. 
For the entire day, he had been thinking about Hannah. He thought that everything that happened to Hannah was his fault, including the accident and Lyna. 
I am the president of Phoenix Group and a successful man. Yet, I let my own wife suffer endlessly for me. Hannah, I am so sorry. You probably deserve better. 
It was true that Fabian had changed a lot ever since their marriage. Not to mention that he rarely appeared on the headlines anymore, where he used to have scandals with different women from time to time. This change alone could prove his incomparable love for Hannah. 
“You are right. I am starving after I heard what you said. So I rush back here.” Fabian pulled Hannah into his embrace and smiled at her. 
“What’s the matter with you today? Since when have you become such a helpless romantic?” Hannah’s face blushed as she pushed Fabian away gently. 
Usually, Hannah would not be shy if Fabian acted this way. But all her awkwardness was because Natasha was in the house too. Hannah was still not used to displaying intimacy in front of a third party.
“Alright, please go wait in the sitting room now. I will serve the dish right away.” Hannah said. 
As Fabian noticed Hannah was still blushing like a teenage girl, he walked to the sitting room with a satisfied smile on his face. 
At the same time, Natasha was watching the television when Fabian walked in. She greeted him softly, with her eyes still locked on the television. 
Fabian sat down on the other side of the sofa. After confirming that Hannah could not possibly hear him, he turned to Natasha and said, “Please be cautious these few days. I have received information that someone is coming after Hannah.” 
“Okay.” Natasha did not show much expression, as she was used to this kind of contingency. 
A short while later, Hannah finished setting all the food at the dining table and called for the two of them. “Alright! Dinnertime!”
###Chapter 1371
Chapter 1371 
It was a scrumptious meal with a great spread from appetizers to desserts. Even though no exotic delicacies were served, Fabian still enjoyed it very much. 
Natasha found it extremely delicious too. She was not trying to butter up Fabian and Hannah when she sang praises about the food. It was her first time tasting the dishes since her arrival in Chanaea not too long ago. She even proclaimed that she wanted to learn cooking from Hannah. 
Hannah agreed right away. As a woman, she liked being complimented. 
After dinner, the trio chatted happily in the living room. When it was getting late, Hannah said reluctantly, “Where do you live now, Natasha? We’ll get someone to drive you home.” 
Hannah was very fond of Natasha, the girl from Remdik. She’s so cheerful, generous, and straightforward, unlike the conniving people in her office. 
Despite knowing each other for only a short period of time, Hannah had started treating Natasha as her close friend. 
“Oh, I’m staying in Glory Hotel,” Natasha replied with a smile. 
“Huh? You’re still staying in the hotel? You’re a trainee in our company. Don’t they provide you any accommodation?” 
Upon hearing that, Hannah flew off the handle. Natasha is a rare talent, an asset to the company. Having recruited her is an honor for the company. I can’t believe the management hasn’t arranged a place for her to stay. This is such unfair treatment!
“Oh, it’s okay. I’m here to learn. I can’t trouble others to look for accommodation for me. It’s actually quite nice to stay in the hotel. I’ll search around for other options on my off days,” Natasha explained. 
The truth was Fabian had provided Natasha with a villa but instructed her to tell Hannah otherwise if the latter asked about it. His intention of doing so was obvious. 
“Well, we have a big house. Why do you need to stay in a hotel? Why don’t you live with us meanwhile? I’ll miss you if you go,” Hannah invited her earnestly. 
Natasha shot a glance at Fabian and saw that he nodded silently. It finally dawned on Natasha why her boss wanted her to tell a white lie. He wants Hannah to invite me to move in so that I can protect her at all times. 
“You don’t need to look at him. In this household, I have the last say.” Hannah thought that Natasha was worried about Fabian’s opinion on the matter. 
Holding Natasha’s hands, Hannah pleaded coquettishly, “Just stay with me. I’m alone here and it gets so boring at times. This way, we can keep each other company.” 
“All right, let’s do it.” 
There was no reason for Natasha to decline her invitation. After all, Fabian was her boss and thus, it was only natural that Natasha would obey his command. Secondly, people from Remdik were open- minded and sociable. Besides, I like Hannah’s personality. It should be quite fun to be friends with her. 
“Great!” 
Hannah was over the moon the moment Natasha said yes. “Pack your toiletries, clothes, and other personal belongings and bring them here tomorrow. Our rooms here are spacious and fully furnished. With you moving in, I could save up on some rental too.”
Subsequently, Hannah convinced them to play cards. Natasha was a fast learner. She picked up Poker after being taught once by Hannah. 
Hannah felt that it was dull to play by the book. Hence, she suggested a challenge where the winner had a chance to draw a tortoise on any body parts of the loser. 
Fabian had no choice but to oblige after seeing that she was in the mood for game night. 
After another hour of fun, doodles of different types of tortoises were found on all of their arms. Although Fabian was shrewd and witty, he could not escape the fate of losing here and there. As a result, there were five to six tortoises drawn on his arms. Needless to say, Hannah, too, suffered the same fate.
###Chapter 1372
Chapter 1372 
In the end, both of Fabian’s arms were covered with tortoises. Having no more space to add another, the last one could only be drawn on his handsome face. 
Thereafter, the trio left for showers and went to bed respectively. Fabian forgot to take into account the consequences of having Natasha move in with them. I didn’t expect to be left out by Hannah. Indeed, God plans in unfathomable ways. 
The next morning, Hannah woke up super early to prepare for her interview with Xavier. As her assistant, Natasha followed suit. 
Fabian slept in due to exhaustion. Hannah did not disturb him and left the bedroom upon getting ready. 
“Let me bring you for some bean stew,” Hannah suggested with her brows arched. She’s probably not tried that before. 
“Bean stew?” 
Just as she had predicted, Natasha’s perplexed look said it all. “What’s bean stew?” 
Hannah was stunned by her question and was somewhat at a loss for words. “Um… Bean stew is a type of stew. Well, you’ll find out when we get there.” 
“George, there’s five hundred million in the card. You can go ahead and work on your task. Don’t let me down,” instructed Lyna as she handed a card over to George. 
Upon receiving the card, a tinge of excitement flashed through George’s eyes. “Rest assured that I’m worth every single cent you paid me.”
George could not wait to face Fabian head-on. It takes a marvelous person to know and cherish another. It’s going to be interesting to have a financial whiz like me meet with a significant figure like Fabian. 
Fabian finally woke up and got out of the room, only to realized that Hannah and Natasha had left the house. As a consolation, she had put in the effort to prepare him breakfast and even fried the eggs into a heart shape. 
After washing up, Fabian enjoyed his hearty breakfast. 
Right then, his phone rang. He frowned the moment he took a glance at the number. It’s been a while since I’ve received a call from this number. Something must have happened. 
“Hello?” asked Fabian in a low voice after accepting the call. 
“Mr. Norton, bad news. I suspect there’s someone trying to manipulate our share market.” 
The person who called was a stock market expert that Fabian met by chance. He took him in as his trusted aide, responsible for controlling his shares. 
“So? Can’t you handle this?” 
Fabian took a deep breath. He had always been very confident with the way his aide traded his stocks, otherwise Fabian would not have given him full authority to invest ly where he saw fit. If he says there’s a problem, then it surely isn’t something trivial. 
“This… I can’t confirm. The technique used is very fast and callus. I need some funds to buy stocks. If the person gets to it first, we’ll be adversely affected,” the man over the phone said anxiously. 
“Okay, noted. Withdraw the money from my account. Don’t panic and just stay calm,” Fabian advised.
Hanging up, Fabian quickly finished his food. Could this be the work of either Lyna or Yvette? 
Though feeling frustrated, Fabian was not too worried about the situation because he was very confident of the capabilities of his appointed aide. 
Moreover, I’m the one with a deep pocket. What’s there to fear? 
“How is it? Does it taste good?” Hannah asked during breakfast. 
“Yes, it’s nice. Also, it’s quite a unique way to cook bean stew.” Natasha was satisfied with her breakfast. 
After chit-chatting, Hannah told Natasha, “Later, we’re going to interview a president. Your task is to stand beside me and don’t worry about anything. I’ll teach you more interview techniques in our next assignment. Then, you can do it independently and get some experience.”
###Chapter 1373
Chapter 1373 
“Sure,” Natasha replied without any hesitation. After all, her main duty was to protect Hannah. I’m not here to learn how to be a good reporter. 
Soon, both of them had arrived at Jackson Group. “Hi, may I know if Mr. Jackson is in?” 
“Oh, you must be Ms. Young. Mr. Jackson has been waiting for you. This way, please.” 
Smiling, the receptionist gestured for Hannah to follow an usher, as per Xavier’s instruction. 
The usher led them to Xavier’s office, knocked at the door, and left them. 
“Come in.” 
Upon hearing Xavier’s response, Hannah and Natasha entered his room. 
“Good day, Mr. Jackson,” Hannah greeted him first. 
Let’s not think about other matters, I’m here for work purposes. 
“Don’t be a stranger, Ms. Young. You may call me by my first name, Xavier.” 
As a president, Xavier was quite busy with work. He had been burying his head in piles and piles of documents until he heard Hannah’s voice. 
Lifting his head, he acted his normal self. 
Yet, he sighed in his heart when he saw the additional person trailing behind Hannah. Why is there still a need for a human surveillance camera? Fabian, oh Fabian, you’re so serious. Are you afraid that I’ll snatch Hannah away from you?
“You’re kidding me, Mr. Jackson. I’m merely a journalist whereas you’re a president of a big corporation. I shall address you formally as Mr. Jackson.” Hannah smiled politely. 
It was impossible for Hannah to call him by his first name. That’s too intimate. I feel like I’m betraying Fabian if I call him that. How could I do that? 
In response, Xavier let out a wry chuckle. She’s probably worried that Natasha, who’s by her side, would tell tales to Fabian. 
After a slight pause, he indicated to Natasha, “Ms. Young and I will be carrying out the interview. Please excuse us.” 
Xavier thought that Hannah would speak more frankly to him once Natasha was excused. 
If she asks me to get her out of this place right now, I’ll do it right away without a doubt. 
As for Fabian… He’s a joke. Since he’s not treating her right, he should be prepared to lose her. 
Natasha was in a dilemma. Should I leave? It doesn’t seem appropriate for me to do either. Subconsciously, she shot Hannah a look to ask for help. 
Hannah could sense her request. Immediately, she asked Xavier, “Mr. Jackson, I don’t think there’s a need for Natasha to leave the room.” 
She then formally introduced her, “This is my assistant. She’s here to learn the process of conducting an interview. I doubt her presence will affect our work.” 
Xavier furrowed his brows. What else can I say since she insists? 
When he remained silent, Hannah took the initiative to get two chairs before gesturing to Natasha to sit down. Thereafter, she turned to Xavier. “Mr. Jackson, shall we begin the interview?”
Her words brought Xavier back from his daze. I told her there’s a new product to be launched with the hope of helping her escape from the trouble she’s facing. I never thought that she actually came for an interview, thinking it’s a real deal. Seems like I have no choice now but to create a new product on the spot. Moreover, Natasha is here with her. 
“Oh, sure, let’s start.” 
With the assumption that Natasha was an aide to Fabian, Xavier wanted to speak about a really cool product in order to impress Fabian. 
“All right. Let’s begin.” 
Hannah took her pen and paper out from the bag whereas Natasha set up the camera. 
“Mr. Jackson, may I ask what’s the latest product that’s been released by your company this time?” 
Everything was ready, hence, Hannah fired her questions away. 
“Our company is preparing to launch a brand-new product called Healing Potion.”
###Chapter 1374
Chapter 1374 
With a firm plan in his mind, Xavier answered the first question with a smile. 
“What’s the function of this so-called Healing Potion?” Hannah asked subsequently. 
“Oh, this is a good question, Ms. Young. As the name suggests, the Healing Potion helps people recover from an illness or a disorder, specifically one that’s related to the eyes. One bottle of the potion can help a short-sighted person with a thousand degrees in power restore to perfect vision.” 
Fabian generated new ideas as he spoke. I’m sure Fabian would be so shocked to hear this when Natasha reports the news back to him. 
“Could you elaborate more on the details, please?” 
Hannah was quite impressed with the product. I can’t believe that he’s called me here to share about such an awesome product. 
“Of course. This Healing Potion…” 
Xavier made up a fantastic story and answered all of Hannah’s questions satisfactorily. However, Hannah found his responses unbelievable. Is that really possible? 
Besides undergoing laser surgery, there are no other corrective eye care products that can rectify myopia. Moreover, there are known post-surgery side effects. If what Xavier claims is true, the product must cost a bomb. At least, it will be more expensive than laser surgery. That being said, the public might still be interested in getting it. 
“Great. Please tell us how much do you plan to sell this potion in the market,” Hannah posted her last question.
Xavier pondered for a while before responding, “Right, I plan to market it at the price of a thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight. This is so that any average family can afford one. These days, even spectacles cost about a thousand. Therefore, our potion is certainly a bargain. We’ll reap the cost advantage and achieve economy of scale when our production becomes efficient.” 
Clearing her throat, Natasha, who was filming the interview, had her jaws dropped upon hearing that. So cheap? 
Hannah was flabbergasted as well. Is he joking? This is not merely a bargain, it’s dirt cheap for what it can do. I’ll absolutely pay a thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight just to get my vision fixed! 
Not to mention, there are many rich people suffering from eyesight problems. There’s only one way for them to restore their vision, which is through laser surgery. However, many refuse to do so considering its risks and had resorted to wearing glasses or contact lenses. 
A thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight is about the same amount of money they spend per meal. If the potion works without leaving any side effects, people will be willing to pay tens of thousands in exchange for a bottle. 
Seeing Natasha gaping in silence, Xavier could imagine Fabian’s dejected expression. A smug grin appeared on his face at the thought of that. 
“Well then… I guess that’s all for today’s interview,” Hannah spoke as she arranged her files. 
Upon noticing a spaced-out Natasha, Hannah gave her a nudge. 
Natasha was lost in her own world. If the potion truly works, I must bring a few bottles home for my father and brother. 
“It’s a wrap. Thank you, Mr. Jackson, for this opportunity to interview you. We’ll see you next time.”
Hannah rose to her feet and reminded Natasha it was time to leave. 
“Hold on,” Xavier called out to them. 
Why is Hannah leaving so soon? Isn’t there something missing? 
With a baffled look, Hannah asked Xavier, “What’s wrong? is there anything else, Mr. Jackson?” 
He replied, “Of course.” Once again, he told Natasha, “Ms. Young and I have something to discuss in private. Would you excuse us, please?” 
Hmm… 
Natasha cursed in her head. What’s this guy trying to do? He’s so persistent that it’s getting annoying. Hannah doesn’t seem like she wants to entertain him and yet, he keeps bugging her. 
Natasha stepped forward confidently as if she was ready to pick a fight with Xavier.
###Chapter 1375
Chapter 1375 
Hannah waved at Natasha and said, “Natasha, just give us a moment and wait for me outside. I’ll be right back.” 
Xavier probably has something to tell me, that’s why he asks me here in the first place. Well, I might as well find out what he has to say and end it here and now. 
Although there’s nothing going on between us, it still places me in a tricky position. What if Fabian misunderstands or if he catches us meeting each other? Will they fight again? 
Natasha pondered for a while and then nodded in agreement. Hannah should be safe here, I’ll just wait outside. 
Once Natasha left the room, Hannah spoke, “So, what’s the matter, Mr. Jackson? Please go ahead and tell me.” 
He grinned. “Hannah, tell me what Fabian did to you so that I can stand up for you.” 
Hannah found his statement unbelievable. You’re just an outsider. How dare you question about my husband and even claim that you want to stand up for me? You’ve got to be kidding me. 
Getting worked up, Xavier approached Hannah and wanted to hold her hand. 
Her presence here shows that I matter to her. She has a soft spot for me, doesn’t she? 
Immense shock gripped Hannah and she immediately moved backward to avoid having any physical contact with him.
“What does it have anything to do with you what Fabian did to me? You’re in no position to interfere even if our relationship turns sour. Please keep your distance. I don’t want Fabian to misunderstand us.” 
Honestly speaking, Xavier’s presence had affected Hannah’s mood. 
Unlike Fabian, Hannah was very concerned. She kept reminding herself that she belonged to Fabian and having any suggestive moments with another man was a definite no for her. 
Moreover, she loathed other men having physical contact with her without her permission. Seeing how Xavier wanted to hold her just now, she became upset. 
The dramatic turn of events was beyond Xavier’s imagination, making him feel embarrassed. Even if she doesn’t allow me to hold her, her reaction shouldn’t be so… exasperated! 
Xavier assumed that Hannah was afraid that Natasha would overhear their conversation. He tried to console her, “It’s okay, Hannah. Whatever you want to tell me, just get it off your chest. You’re already here. I’ll you from Fabian’s threatening control. You don’t need to fear him anymore.” 
Hannah was dumbfounded as she could not comprehend a single word he said. To save me from Fabian? Why? I couldn’t have been better being with Fabian, why should I leave him? 
She looked at him in disbelief, not knowing how to respond. 
Then, it dawned on her that he might have misunderstood her intention. 
“Have you… heard any gossip about Fabian and me? Something unpleasant, perhaps?” 
If my suspicion is correct, then I can finally connect the dots and understand why Xavier said all those strange things for my sake.
“Huh? Wasn’t it you who sent me a message via your superior? Hence, I got hold of Mr. Dijon to get you here, so that I could find out more from you.” 
Puzzled, Xavier had not realized that Hannah’s superior could have lied to him. 
Then again, it was not entirely Xavier’s fault. After all, no one would have thought that a mere manager would have the nerve to pull a prank on an heir of one of the five prominent families. Moreover, Xavier believed that Natasha was hired by Fabian to monitor each of Hannah’s moves. 
“Huh? My superior? Which one? There’re only a few managers in our company. I have not seen anyone else,” Hannah told Xavier frankly. 
Subsequently, Hannah figured everything out. 
The superior that Xavier was referring to must have sent him fake news, saying something along the line of Fabian mistreating me. Considering that Xavier likes me, he assumes accordingly. It’s no wonder a brawl happened at the restaurant.
###Chapter 1376
Chapter 1376 
“Huh?” 
Xavier was dumbstruck and blurted softly. He regained his footing quickly, though. That idiot tricked me, but what is up with Natasha, then? 
Xavier felt awkward at that moment, so naturally, he wasn’t willing to voice up or ask his question. 
Aside from feeling embarrassed, fury burned within his heart. How dare they trick me? 
Hannah sensed how awkward Xavier felt, so she simply added, “Alright then, Mr. Jackson. If there’s nothing else you’d like to share, I’ll take my leave now.” 
Xavier nodded before turning to Hannah and saying, “Sorry, I made a mistake.” 
Hannah smiled and remained silent. She simply walked right out of Xavier’s office, got Natasha, then left Jackson Group. 
The second they got out of Jackson Group’s entrance, Hannah tossed the document into a nearby bin. 
Seeing that, Natasha couldn’t help asking, “Ms. Young, what are you…” 
Hannah grinned without replying. 
Xavier made a mistake, so naturally, the reason he called me over was wrong. Hence, everything he shared must be fake. Hannah had her suspicion during the interview because there was no way a technology that advanced would exist. 
Meanwhile, Xavier slammed the contract that he was going to sign with Fabian’s company, Phoenix Group on his desk the second Hannah walked out of his office.
“That idiot is dead! How dare he play me for a fool? If that is how they want to play it, then I will not show them any mercy,” muttered Xavier. 
After saying his piece, he picked up his phone and started attacking the man who made him look like a fool. 
“How is it?” 
Lyna was staring at George, who was typing rapidly away on the keyboard. 
“Everything is fine. At this rate, I am confident that I will have five billion off of Fabian’s account in two days,” replied George as he grinned excitedly. 
George was filled with nothing but disdain for his competitor at that moment. This is all it takes to be a genius in this country? My gosh, this is too easy. Darn it, I thought I finally found a worthy opponent, but he is just a dud. 
“Alright, carry on.” 
Lyna couldn’t help feeling delighted after hearing what George said. Looks like it’s time to carry out my own plan. 
Lyna went back into her room and called Wayne to say, “Hey, we can start implementing our plan now. Spread the news and tell everyone to attack simultaneously at seven o’clock tonight. I want to give Fabian Norton a nice surprise.” 
Lyna went to Blackwood Group after ending her conversation. She wasn’t just going after Fabian. She was also targeting Hannah, and she couldn’t help chuckling aloud when she thought about the terrible state they would end up in. 
“Hello, what’s up?”
Hannah had accomplished her tasks of interviewing Xavier, and it was the weekends, so she had nothing else to do. She planned on putting everything home before going out and playing tennis with Natasha. It had been a while since she played, so she was looking forward to it a little. She didn’t expect to receive her senior editor’s call as soon as she got home. 
“Do you know Ms. Lyna Winson of Blackwood Group?” asked her senior editor from the other end of the line. 
“Yeah, I do. Why?” 
Hannah replied without thinking too much. She had a good impression of Lyna because Lyna took care of her while she was hospitalized. 
“Oh, she called me earlier and said that the company will be implementing a new scheme soon. She asked you to do an interview on the matter. At first, I didn’t want to bother you, but she said that you won’t mind, so I thought I’d give you a call.” 
Hannah didn’t respond. 
When she first saw that it was her senior editor that was calling her, a sense of doom washed over her. She was right. Unfortunately, Lyna was rather kind to her, and it wouldn’t be right to ignore Lyna’s request to do an interview. 
Upon thinking that, Hannah felt so pressured that she could only agree. “Sure, I will call her later,” said Hannah. 
“Alright, then drop by the office later to hand the document in. I will let you have a day off tomorrow,” replied the senior editor before hanging up.
###Chapter 1377
Chapter 1377 
Hannah couldn’t help shaking her head. Handing the document in? What is there to hand in? Xavier’s company doesn’t have a new product to launch, and he only called me over due to some personal issues… Gah, never mind. I’ll tell him about it when the time comes. 
Hannah fished her phone out of her pocket and called Lyna soon after. The former saved the latter’s number at the hospital. 
“Hi, is this Lyna?” asked Hannah with a smile, still oblivious to the fact that Lyna was the culprit who repeatedly hurt her. 
“Yeah, it’s me. How’ve you been, Hannah? It’s been a while since we last saw each other. Did you miss me?” asked Lyna from the other side of the line, feigning closeness. 
“Of course I did. That’s why I called you the second I heard that you’re looking for me,” replied Hannah. 
“Ah, thank you for making the time for it. My company has a new scheme to be introduced soon, and we need journalists to write an article about it. Naturally, the first person that came to my mind is you.” 
“Oh, it’s no trouble at all. Tell me the time and address. I’ll get everything ready and head over for the interview,” said Hannah. 
“Great, let’s set it for two in the afternoon. As for the address… Let’s meet in Blackwood Group’s headquarter.” 
“Alright, I’ll be there on time.” 
“Okay then, let’s chat when we meet up.”
Lyna laughed aloud after hanging up. She later murmured to herself, “My, my, Hannah Young. I don’t even know if I should praise you for being kind, or diss you for being stupid. Things have progressed to this extent, but you’re still treating me like a good friend. How stupid can you be?” 
“Mr. Norton, we finally have a breakthrough…” 
Fabian sprang up in his office when he suddenly received a call from his trusted aide. He replied instantly, “Okay, I’ll rush over now.” 
Hannah was scheduled to do an interview in Blackwood Group at two, and it was rather late. After talking to Fabian and learning that he wouldn’t be home for lunch, she ordered take-outs for her and Natasha before they went to play tennis. Rumor had it that Natasha was a skilled player, and Hannah couldn’t help feeling excited about it. 
Soon, Hannah lay breathless on the floor while Natasha was still raring to go. Hannah shook her head and sighed, “Looks like I will have to train harder in the future.” 
The two of them rested for a while. They later noticed that it was almost time, so they headed over to Blackwood Group. 
When Hannah reached Blackwood Group’s headquarter, she was surprised to see that the place wasn’t packed with journalists. The employees of the company were also busying away. 
“Hello? Lyna, I’m here. Where are you?” asked Hannah, who called Lyna soon after. 
“Oh, you’re here? Okay, I’ll go get you now. Please wait by the entrance,” replied Lyna with a smile. 
It didn’t take long before Hannah saw Lyna walking over, waving at her. 
“Lyna, it’s been a while,” greeted Hannah with a smile as she headed over.
“I know, right? You finally came to see me.” 
Lyna grinned and hugged Hannah immediately after. 
Those who were unaware of the situation might even think that they were BFFs who hadn’t seen each other in a while. 
“Lyna, isn’t your company introducing a new scheme today? Why aren’t the other journalists here?” asked Hannah, who couldn’t contain her curiosity. 
“Oh, that?” said Lyna as she grinned and replied, “I did that for you. You’re the only journalist I called, so this will be an exclusive cover for your outlet. So, what do you think? Am I the nicest person or what?” 
“Yeah, you are definitely the nicest person. Thank you. I will do my best to make it great,” promised Hannah. 
She never had her guard up against Lyna, so it was only natural that she bought every lie. 
Lyna basically ignored the goodwill that the scheme would bring to the company and only called Hannah to cover the story. All just so that the latter could have an exclusive. How can I not appreciate her for that? 
“Alright, alright, let’s not talk about it anymore. Let’s head in. We’ve been waiting for you to cover the story,” said Lyna before she hugged Hannah, and they walked into the building together. 
When Hannah entered, she saw her brother, Winson, and that surprised her. She hurried over and asked, “Winson, what are you doing here?”
###Chapter 1378
Chapter 1378 
Winson couldn’t help being delighted when he saw his biological sister there. The Blackwoods were as distant toward him as they had always been. He no longer needed to worry about making ends meet, but he felt no love from the Blackwood family. 
“Lyna called me over, Hannah.” 
Lyna didn’t want rumors to spread within the family, so she was pretty nice to Winson. Winson was just a kid, so he couldn’t see through Lyna’s tricks. He genuinely thought that she was kind to him. 
“Oh, here’s the thing. Winson is Dad’s only son, and he will be taking over Blackwood Group in the future, so now’s a good time for him to get to know the others in the office. That would prepare him for taking over in the future,” said Lyna after hearing the conversation between the two siblings. 
Hearing that, Hannah nodded while her good impression of Lyna increased even more. 
Winson is still just a kid, but Lyna is not overlooking him or anything. Instead, she is helping him out as much as she could. I’m glad. At least I don’t have to worry too much about Winson’s future now. 
There were many instances where siblings turn on each other just to get their hands on a hefty inheritance. Lyna obviously would do no such thing. 
“Alright, let’s begin,” 
Smiling, Hannah took out her note and pen while Natasha prepared to get the camera rolling. 
Lyna nodded and stood up to look at them before making her announcement.
No one knew how long it took, but Lyna eventually shared every detail of the new scheme, and Hannah thought that it was pretty good. The new scheme benefits senior employees a lot, and Blackwood Group is the first one to implement it. The news will spread like wildfire. 
“And now, my brother and I will sign our names on the contract,” said Lyna before she signed her name. 
“Here Winson, you’ll sign here,” instructed Lyna as she smiled at Winson. 
Hannah was a little troubled at that moment. Shouldn’t the chairman or someone of a similar position be the ones who sign the contract? Why are Winson and Lyna signing it instead? Not to mention that Leo isn’t even here. 
Maybe Leo wants to retire and is letting Winson take over… 
“Hurry over, Hannah. You need to sign here as well.” 
Lyna couldn’t help grinning evilly when she saw Winson signing his name there. It only lasted a moment, though. She later turned to Hannah and grinned. 
“Huh? Am I supposed to sign on it as well?” 
Hannah was a little surprised when she saw Lyna gesturing her over like that. However, she walked over, anyway. 
“Of course, you’re the witness for the day, so you should sign your name there too,” informed Lyna while smiling. 
Realization hit Hannah after hearing that. Oh, so that’s why I have to sign my name as well. This event is really formal.
Hannah got the pen from Lyna. She checked the contract and saw that everything was written in a foreign language. Hannah could read in that language a little, but it had been years since she graduated, so she had pretty much forgotten everything she learned. She shook her head before signing on the dotted line. 
“Alright, everything is settled now. Hannah, you should take Winson home for now. I’ll go talk to the senior employees about this,” suggested Lyna. She was smiling so much that it was a miracle she didn’t tear a muscle in her lips. 
Hannah assumed that Lyna was just happy because she got to help the senior employees, so the former didn’t think much of it. She agreed to do as Lyna said without saying another word. 
“Sure, Lyna. I’ll take Winson to my place, then. Call me if you ever need anything else,” said Hannah. 
She was all smiles when she left with Winson and Natasha. 
“Hah, I doubt you will ever have anything else to say,” scoffed Lyna after Hannah left. 
“Hand this document over to Mr. Hall immediately. He’ll know what to do with it,” instructed Lyna as she handed over the contract with Winson’s signature on it. The employee she handed the contract to had been working in the company for some years, so Lyna trusted him. 
“Understood,” replied the employee before he accepted the contract and left.
###Chapter 1379
Chapter 1379 
Lyna exited the building soon after. She was in her car when she admired the tall building where the office was located. The mere thought of how she would own the place soon got her to chuckle aloud. 
The employee Lyna instructed to deliver the contract grinned after Lyna left. He walked to the garden right in front of the company and smiled before fishing his phone out and dialing a number. 
“Hi, Mr. Goldstein. I have the document with me. Should I deliver it to you now?” 
“Yeah, just drop by Phoenix Group. I’ll be waiting on the ground floor for you,” replied Jason calmly. 
“Got it. I will head over right away.” 
Jason couldn’t contain the excitement burning in his heart after he hung the call up. 
“Hahaha, even I have to admit that I’m awesome! I’ve been working for Fabian for a while now, and I’ve truly grown into a man who can play with the big fishes. Ah, I have to hurry over now. I wonder how Fabian will praise me upon receiving this,” muttered Jason. 
He was so excited that he was talking to himself, and the smile on his face was ever so bright. 
Wayne was pacing around in his office at that moment. He wondered, Is it too late to turn around? He felt like he would be doomed either way if he had done as asked. This will hurt Fabian, but I’m no better off either. Every single one of Fabian’s friends can easily destroy me to avenge him. 
However… Will Fabian forgive me if I turn around and change my mind now? No, that is not possible. I know Fabian well, and I know how he’d react.
“Gah, whatever! I’m going all out! I will take an international flight and flee overseas once this is done. The world is so big, and there has got to be a place where Fabian can’t find me.” 
Wayne muttered to himself before he steeled himself up to do the evil deed. 
After that, he walked out of his office and made sure that no one was around before he headed back in. He then locked the door. 
Taking a deep breath, Wayne fished his phone out and called Lyna, who was also being controlled after someone got ahold of her secret. 
Beep! Beep! Beep! 
Bang! 
Just then, someone knocked down the door to Wayne’s office. 
Wayne was so surprised that he backed away a few steps and shifted his gaze toward the door. 
Huh? Who is that? 
Wayne realized that he had no idea who the intruder was. 
“Mr. man.” 
That voice was like thunder on a sunny day. It echoed by Wayne’s ears and told him that his good times were over. 
Wayne couldn’t help but gulp, hard. He tilted his head to see the man standing behind the intruder before he mumbled, “M-Mr. Norton.” 
Wayne felt like his entire world had just turned dim.
“Hello, Mr. man.” 
The man behind the intruder was none other than Fabian. 
“W-what brought you here?” asked Wayne. 
He quickly ended his call and placed his mobile phone back in his pocket. 
“What’s wrong? As the president of Phoenix Group, am I not allowed to visit my employees and see how their works are progressing?” asked Fabian as he took two steps forward and grinned at Wayne. 
Wayne couldn’t help shivering a little when he saw Fabian’s grin. He quickly replied, “Of course you’re allowed to do so. Nothing wrong with that!” 
Fabian tapped Wayne’s shoulder lightly before asking, “What’s wrong? Are you feeling under the weather, Mr. man? You’re sweating so much.” 
Wayne wiped his forehead upon hearing those words. He turned to Fabian and replied, “No, I’m fine. I’m feeling okay.” 
“Haha.” 
Fabian chuckled as he walked directly to Wayne’s desk and sat down on the chair. The former leaned back and asked again, “Oh, then are you sweating because you did something bad and are feeling guilty about it?” 
“N-no, I just feel a little hot,” insisted Wayne after hearing what Fabian said. Unfortunately, Wayne sounded stiff as he lied. 
Fabian fell silent.
Do you really take me as an idiot? 
Fabian still couldn’t quite figure things out. Why would Wayne betray me? I trained him and helped him become the man he is today. Why is he doing all this now that Phoenix Group has grown to be so big?
###Chapter 1380
Chapter 1380 
“Wayne, is there anything you’d like to tell me?” Fabian asked in a grave tone, hoping that the man would answer honestly. 
“What are you trying to say, Mr. Norton?” Wayne pretended to be confused. 
He figured that Fabian might have worked everything out. However, he wasn’t going to admit his wrongdoings without hearing Fabian outrightly saying what he did. After all, Fabian could be pretending like he knows to lure me into admitting. He wasn’t going to risk getting caught, even if there was only a slim chance of escape. 
“Oh? Let’s try a different approach then since you seem confused as to what I mean.” 
Fabian continued with a snarl, “You seem to believe that I would harm you just because you embezzled eighty million.” 
Thud! 
As soon as Fabian said this, Wayne fell to his knees. He knew then that Fabian had definitely figured everything out. 
Fabian’s dark eyes flashed with disappointment as he stared at Wayne. 
“Mr. Norton, I… I’m sorry,” Wayne choked. He wasn’t afraid of what would happen next; rather, it was because he truly felt sorry for betraying Fabian. 
Wayne was originally a mere programmer in Phoenix Group. He was fortunate that Fabian saw potential in him and often requested him to carry out tasks. Little by little, as he aided Fabian, he was eventually promoted to being Phoenix Group’s general manager.
Fabian scoffed coldly in response, not saying a single word. 
“Mr. Norton, I know that there’s no use saying anything now, but I just can’t comprehend one thing.” 
Wayne was an intelligent man. After being recruited by Lyna, he knew that their fates were bound together for better or for worse. 
So he made sure to monitor the others who acted under Lyna’s command. However, even until now, he didn’t know which of those people were caught by Fabian or if anyone ratted them out. 
Fabian understood what Wayne meant. He knew that the man wanted to know how or why they got caught. 
Although Wayne was an arrogant man who refused to admit defeat, he was also extremely scheming and intellectual; that was why Fabian promoted him in the first place. 
Fabian clapped his hands, signaling the person who guarded the door to give way as two other people entered the office. 
At this, Wayne’s gaze turned toward the door. His jaw dropped in shock once he saw who entered. 
“Y-you’re alive?” 
Wayne’s eyes widened as he held his breath in disbelief staring at William. 
William should have been mortally wounded after being stabbed five times by Lyna’s henchman. So how is he still alive? 
However, the person before him was undoubtedly William. He was sure of this because he was present on the day Lyna recruited William.
The William before him now sat in a wheelchair and was pushed into the room by another person. 
“Of course he’s alive. I spared no expense in making sure of that,” Fabian stated. 
Wayne’s head lowered in acceptance of Fabian’s firm response. He knew that he had been utterly defeated. 
“Mr. Norton… I have nothing left to say.” 
A low chuckle escaped from Fabian as he instructed his trusted aide, “Take him away. I’m sure he’ll come clean about everything.” 
Fabian then returned to his office. There, he stretched his limbs and released the tension caused by this problematic affair. As for who’s the mastermind behind all these attacks against me, I’m sure I’ll find out soon enough. 
While he was brooding, the office door opened to reveal an overjoyed Jason. 
“Fabian, how are things on your end? My side is all sorted out. Here, this is the contract,” Jason reported as he handed over the contract. 
Contented laughter rumbled from Fabian’s chest once he unfurled the contract and saw Lyna’s and Winson’s signatures.
###Chapter 1381
Chapter 1381 
“Who knew that the sly Lyna would be outwitted in the end. I guess what goes around comes around, eh?” Jason snickered. 
Fabian’s eyes narrowed. Is this punk indirectly calling me a sly fox too? 
“Alright, you played a crucial role in this matter, so…” Fabian opened his drawer and took out a velveteen box. “This is for you.” 
Jason’s eyes twinkled. What’s this? Fabian is rewarding me! 
After prying open the delicate box, the first word that slipped out of Jason’s lips was, “Huh?” 
Inside the box was a watch. Of course, it wasn’t any ordinary Swiss watch but a Patek Philippe. Those were highly sought after and worth a great deal of money as they had an exclusive market. However, Jason already owned one. 
His feet shifted awkwardly. “Uh, Fabian? Could I maybe… get a different gift?” 
“Oh? Are you sure?” Fabian asked. 
“Here, take a look at this.” Jason extended his arm before Fabian, displaying the equally brilliant Patek Philippe watch on his wrist. 
To this, Fabian smiled before saying, “Alright then.” 
Deep down, Fabian sighed amusedly at the young and unknowing Jason. He then reached out to retrieve the gift. 
Just when Jason was about to place the velveteen box into Fabian’s palm, he suddenly stopped.
Something’s off. How could Fabian not know that I have a Patek Philippe? Unless… there’s something unique about this one? 
With that thought, his arm recoiled as he said to Fabian, “Nevermind, I’ll keep it. How could I refuse after you went through so much trouble to prepare this gift?” 
Fabian nodded approvingly at this. “That’s my boy. The ninth generation of Patek Philippe is not that easily attainable, after all.” 
Jason’s blood ran cold once those words registered in his head. Holy shit! This is the ninth generation Patek Philippe? 
There are only three ninth-generation Patek Philippes in the world, one of which was acquired by the king of Beskary. Then Branson Dale, “the King of Watches,” snatched up the second watch. So that must mean that my watch… is the third and last of its kind? 
Realizing this, Jason felt so giddy that he almost rushed forward to plant a big slobbery kiss on Fabian. Thankfully, he was sensible enough to resist. 
Right after he excused Jason from the office, Fabian’s trusted aide reported back immediately. 
So all of this is Yvette’s doing. 
Fabian’s dark eyes narrowed as a stiff smile crept up his face. Such wishful thinking. Did you really think that the George you’ve recruited is strong enough to go against me? A Nation’s finance genius? Fabian snorted through clenched jaws. George is just some mentally disabled child who doesn’t even understand the basics of stock market traps. Bold of that small fry to assume that he can survive in the ocean-like Chanaea. He should scurry back to the little puddle where he came from.
Meanwhile, George sat wide-eyed and trembling before his computer. “H-how can this be? This can’t be true! It’s not true!” 
George had tampered with Phoenix Group’s stock market, causing the prices to rise a bit before plummeting drastically. The drop cost Fabian nearly three billion worth of losses. However, the prices suddenly soared again, which should have been impossible. George was dumbfounded and enraged as he exclaimed his disbelief. 
“What the hell is going on?” Lyna’s voice grew louder from the other room. 
She had heard his uninhibited wails and raced over to check on the situation. 
Impatient panic sizzled in her as she ordered, “Speak up, you imbecile!” 
Not receiving a response from the frazzled George, Lyna fumed even more as she shoved him aside to look at the computer screen. 
This… 
“What the hell are you doing? You said you could make him lose three billion in a day! Why aren’t you delivering the results as promised? Why are the stock prices rising instead of decreasing?” Lyna yelled at George. 
That was the most crucial step in defeating Fabian. If they couldn’t sap five billion from Fabian, then there was no way that Lyna could drive him to bankruptcy. 
“I-I swear it was…” George was speechless as his head pounded with endless questions. 
“You worthless piece of scum! What was the point of recruiting you all the way from Lightspring if this is all you’re capable of?”
###Chapter 1382
Chapter 1382 
Erupting with rage, Lyna kicked the bench over and stormed off. 
She only took two steps before her phone rang, leaving her with no choice but to answer. “Hello? Who is this, and what do you want?” 
Her attorney, Mr. Hall’s voice came from the other end. He sounded nervous when he said, “Ms. Blackwood, there are some issues with the contract you sent me.” 
“What’s the problem?” Lyna questioned icily. I signed that contract with my own hands, so there shouldn’t be any issues. 
“The contract you sent me is a copy,” Mr. Hall squeaked. 
“Huh? A copy? Then where’s the original?” Lyna hissed. 
She had arranged for one of her henchmen, someone completely trustworthy from the company, to send the contract over. So how could this happen? 
“Your guess is as good as mine.” 
Mr. Hall paused as if readying himself to deliver the final blow. He eventually continued with a quivering voice, “T-There’s another issue with this contract… It states that you’ve transferred your shares over to Winson, and not the other way round.” 
Lyna’s face darkened. “What!” 
Could it be that someone around me is secretly a mole who swapped the contract from right under my nose?
This explanation made sense to Lyna, who hung up and was ready to call her most trustworthy henchmen. She was going to have them investigate the person who copied and delivered the contract. However, just as she swiped down her contacts list, the phone rang once more. 
“M-Ms. Blackwood. Bad news,” the tremulous voice reported. 
Lyna’s brows furrowed as she spat, “What are you stammering about? Speak up! Tell me what went wrong.” 
“Fabian found out… He figured out all of those who were on our side, and now they’ve turned their backs against us.” It became excruciatingly clear that Lyna’s previous warnings were all for naught. 
“Well, spit it out then and tell me who are the traitors!” 
Lyna’s hands were clammy with sweat. She had a bad feeling, but she hoped desperately that her intuition was wrong. 
“I-It’s the ones who we recruited to monitor and keep things under control. All those from Fabian’s company have betrayed us. I also heard that William didn’t die. He ratted Wayne out, and Wayne told them everything,” the person reported truthfully. 
Lyna was silent for a moment before she uttered, “Is what you said true?” 
Her knees grew wobbly with despair while her face paled. A sense of hopelessness seeped into her core. 
“It’s true.” 
Thud!
At this confirmation, all of Lyna’s will dissipated from her body as she and her phone slumped to the ground. 
I’m screwed. Now that Fabian’s doing just fine, he’ll definitely try to get even with me for everything I’ve done… what do I do now? What do I do? 
She then started shrieking hysterically at the top of her lungs. Her mind was eerily devoid of thoughts, almost as empty as she felt now. 
She had spent her entire savings on defeating Fabian. On top of that, she was now swindled into transferring all her shares to Winson. So even if she wanted to run away and live as a fugitive, she no longer had the funds to do so. 
Yvette! That’s right. I can still go to her, but… what will I tell her? 
Then it hit her. Lyna shot off the ground and sprinted for her room. She recalled tricking Hannah into signing a weaponry inventory list. Lyna had no reason to fear Fabian as long as that piece of paper was still in her hands. 
Lyna dug around frantically, rattling and tossing the items in her drawer until she finally found the paper she was looking for wedged between the pages of a book. 
A long sigh escaped Lyna’s lips as she clutched onto the flimsy sheet of paper. At this point, she was no longer sure whether she was considered fortunate or not. 
Regardless, she couldn’t help but gratefully plant a big fat kiss on the inventory list. Then, she unfolded the paper but felt like it looked a little different than she remembered. 
She ran back immediately to pick up her phone. Her finger swiped on the screen before tapping hastily onto the translation app. She had never paid much attention back then during her scholarly days, so
she desperately resorted to this app now. 
“What?” 
After reading the translation on the phone, Lyna nearly fainted as the paper turned out to be a receipt for a hamburger-and-coke set for the price of five.
###Chapter 1383
Chapter 1383 
It was evident that Jason had gotten someone to pull a switcheroo on her. 
Not to mention, all those people she had recruited for her secret workplace had turned into renegades one after the other. Previously, they did awful things on Lyna’s behalf because they knew she would back them up. Now that Lyna had lost her upper hand over the whole situation, it was only natural that they would desert her to protect themselves from Fabian. After all, they’d be delusional if they thought they could stand against Fabian. That would be the world’s greatest joke. 
Yvette pondered for a bit before helping Lyna up. At this, Lyna snapped out of her trance. She blinked bitterly at the now barren secret workplace. 
Lyna’s chest tightened at how much she had lost; she drafted the transfer contract to bleed Winson dry, so she included her own villa as part of the transferrable assets too. But after. the twisted turn of events earlier, her wealth and her villa all belonged to Winson now. 
Yvette cast a concerned gaze at Lyna. She hesitantly opened and closed her mouth for some time before finally uttering, “Although our plan failed… and regardless of what’s to come, I still owe it to you for saving me then.” 
She then pulled out a credit card from her wallet. “The twenty million in this card is enough to support your lifetime’s spendings, so hurry and leave this city.” 
A dangerous gleam flashed in Lyna’s eyes when she heard that Yvette was giving her twenty million. Brimming with hysterical glee, Lyna snatched the card from Yvette’s hands. 
Yvette’s head shook disapprovingly at how crazed the woman before her had become. No longer wanting to witness this sight, she stood up and left.
Lyna couldn’t care less about the people who betrayed her anymore. She sat on the sofa, rocking her body insanely as she muttered, “I can take back everything with this twenty million… I’ll kidnap Hannah. I’ll make Fabian cough up all that money he took from me and more!” 
Her face crinkled and morphed hideously, reflecting how intensely she hated Hannah and Fabian. 
She got up and hailed a taxi for the black market. 
Once there, Lyna entered a shop and approached some intimidatingly large men who were gambling loudly. She demanded, “Where’s your boss?” 
“Hmm?” 
Their bristly brows raised at Lyna as if questioning whether she knew what she was getting into. 
“I have a deal for your boss,” Lyna declared. 
The men eyed each other as they silently discussed amongst themselves. Shortly after, the man in the middle who appeared to be of higher standing nodded his head. Then, one of the men ran to get their boss. 
Eventually, an irreverent chuckle sounded from the door. It came from a man in his fifties or sixties who walked toward Lyna, saying, “I hear you have some business for me?” 
Lyna’s eyes immediately scanned the man from top to bottom. He was short and tubby, almost akin to a teapot. His belly peeked out obnoxiously from under his purple shirt while he held two walnuts in his hand. 
“How much do you own?” Lyna carefully construed her words. Her question discreetly referred to how big the boss’ turf was in the black market.
“An entire street,” the boss boasted through an oily smile. 
Owning a street in the black market was obviously not an easy feat. It meant that this man was someone powerful who people didn’t dare to mess with. 
A satisfied grin curved on Lyna’s face once she confirmed the extent of his power. “Alright, I have a proposition for you.” 
The boss waved for his men to leave. Once he and Lyna were the only ones left in the shop, he motioned for her to continue speaking. 
“I want you to kidnap someone for me. I don’t care which of your men does it, but they have to be strong-willed and unflinching when threatened.” 
Lyna’s instructions were straightforward. She no longer cared about covering her tracks because she had nothing to lose at this point. 
The boss leaned against the table and tapped on it, pondering something. 
It didn’t take long before he spoke up, “Hmm… For my charges… it’ll be this much.” 
The old man raised a finger. 
Lyna understood immediately that he wanted ten million. Snorting at this, she waved him off and commanded, “I’ll pay you twenty million if you can find decent men who are up to the task.” 
She never cared for the twenty million. If she could reclaim her wealth and assets, then sacrificing the money was more than worth it. 
“Okay, I like that you’re refreshingly easy to deal with. I’ll select the men for your little kidnapping operation personally. But before that, I’ll need a deposit from you…”
“There’s twenty million right here, so get to selecting.” 
Lyna tossed Yvette’s card onto the table, sliding it over to the man.
###Chapter 1384
Chapter 1384 
Meanwhile, Hannah was totally oblivious to what had occurred in the company. She felt honored to be able to witness the peak moment of Blackwood Group on their radical restructuring a while ago. 
In her eyes, the restructuring was considered as a brand-new system of the corporate world. Furthermore, she was glad that she was able to give a hand to Lyna in a way. 
Just then, it suddenly came to her mind that she had promised Natasha the night before to help her move her things from her hotel to their villa. 
“Natasha, I’ll help you pack your luggage and move to my place. Don’t stay in the hotel anymore. It’s really inconvenient for you to bear the room rate in the long term.” 
After all, it’s not very convenient and appropriate for a young woman to stay alone in the hotel room. I would be more relieved once Natasha moves out to stay with us at the villa. 
Natasha furrowed her brows, thinking hard of how she should respond to Hannah’s kindness. All this while, she had been lying to Hannah that she was staying at a hotel. As a result, she was at a loss for words when the latter offered to help her pack her belongings. What am I supposed to do? I can’t let Mrs. Norton find out that I’ve been lying to her all this while! I must seek advice from Mr. Norton immediately. 
“Sure, Hannah! But before we go, I need to use the washroom for a while. Let’s head for the hotel after that.” 
With that, Natasha dashed into the washroom and called Fabian hastily. 
“Mr. Norton, Mrs. Norton insists on helping me pack my belongings in the hotel room now. What should I do?”
Since she was by Hannah’s side all the time, she could not allocate any time to drop by the hotel first for the arrangement. Thus, she could only seek help from Fabian. 
“No worries, just head straight for the hotel with her. I’ve assigned my men to make the necessary arrangements for you. The room number is 8888. Be careful on the way there.” 
“Alright, Mr. Norton!” 
After hanging up the phone, Fabian massaged his temples which had started to throb. He was mentally exhausted after trying to get all the issues resolved one by one recently. 
There seems to be an endless stream of issues for me lately, and all of them arose at the same time. I’m sure of it! Someone is intentionally causing me trouble! His instinct told him that someone who knew well about him and Phoenix Group was the mastermind behind every trouble he was facing. 
The mysterious person seemed to have planned well for everything, and the series of unfortunate events that were aiming for him was proof of that. He could foresee that more challenging moments would be awaiting him. After all, his unknown foe would not easily give up on striking him down. 
Who could be the mysterious mastermind manipulating everything? Lyna was undoubtedly the biggest suspect for Fabian at the moment. Even though Wayne admitted that Yvette was the culprit, Fabian knew that Yvette alone could not have had the capabilities to execute all those elaborate plans. 
By right, a person who had fallen into despair would not lie anymore. However, Fabian felt that Yvette was just a scapegoat in the grand scheme of things. He presumed that Lyna must have had something to do with the series of incidents recently, even if she was not the mastermind. 
This woman is cunning and good at scheming. I wonder, will she be targeting Hannah as well?
A surge of coldness welled up from within Fabian at that thought. He really did not wish to see Hannah be at risk at any time. 
I must find out the identity of the person who had the audacity to even think about harming my woman as soon as possible! Clenching his fists with fire burning in his eyes, his urge to get rid of anyone who would put Hannah’s life at risk intensified. 
“Mr. Norton, our stock price is back on the right track again! You don’t have to worry now.” 
Just when Fabian was deep in his own thoughts, his assistant entered and updated him on the latest situation. This was the first time the stock price of Phoenix Group dropped significantly. In an instant, the whole industry was in an uproar. The stock price of Phoenix Group is plummeting without any warning! Is this an indication that the group will be in great trouble soon? Is the group going to declare bankruptcy at any time? 
In a blink of an eye, the whole city was overwhelmed by the rumor that Phoenix Group would declare bankruptcy at any time. The breaking news even emerged as the cover story of the Tabloid newspapers. The latest talk of the town had spurred the excitement of everyone in Baykeep. 
“Did you manage to catch that George guy?” Fabian asked. 
It was undeniable that the guy had impressive skills. If it wasn’t for Fabian’s capability as well as a well- recognized investor in the local stock market, he might not be able to overcome this obstacle. He had to admit that he was actually quite impressed by George and was even keen on meeting him in person. 
“Mr. Norton, George… escaped. But don’t worry, our men had taken prompt action. I’m sure that we’ll manage to hunt him down soon,” the assistant explained hastily to him. 
Without saying anything else, Fabian gestured for him to leave by waving his hand.
To him, the drastic drop in the stock price was just a minor hiccup. After all, a well-established and prestigious corporate like Phoenix Group would not be easily shaken by anything.
###Chapter 1385
Chapter 1385 
Nonetheless, the process of regaining the corporate funds that were lost was a great challenge. It was definitely not a simple problem that could be resolved by anyone. If anything happened while they were in the midst of retrieving the fund, nothing could be done to save them. Hence, it was considered as a close shave for Phoenix Group this round. 
In the industry, it would be disastrous if the weakness of a certain corporate was accidentally exposed to a third party. The opponents would surely seize the opportunity to strike them with a great blow, and the moment their foundation was shaken by the unexpected outer force, the company would probably meet its end. 
Fabian’s phone buzzed abruptly. It was a call from his trusted aide. 
“Mr. Norton, we’ve just discovered that Lyna has a villa that was being used as her secret workplace. However, when we reached there, there was no sign of anyone. Moreover, we spotted various types of equipment there. She had apparently fled the villa in a haste,” his trusted aide updated him on their latest investigation in detail. 
“Alright, I got it. Ask our men to continue with their investigation. We must track down the whereabouts of Yvette Tanner and Lyna Blackwood no matter what. We can’t let the two of them off easily!” Fabian instructed in a deep voice. 
As long as the whereabouts of the two women were not traced, Hannah’s safety would be greatly threatened. Even though Hannah has Natasha protecting her. But I’m still worried that if anything happens… I won’t be able to save her on time. 
Meanwhile, Lyna had gotten herself five helpers from the black market. They were all thugs who would do anything as long as they were well paid.
Scrutinizing them, she said sternly, “Just wait for my instruction. I’ll make the necessary arrangements for all of you by then.” 
After that, she entered a private room in a small cafe that was located in the black market. Seated in the private section, she made a call to Felicia. Except for her mother, there was nobody she could trust at the moment. 
“Hello?” Felicia answered her call in a while. 
“Mom, It’s me, Lynnie.” 
“Lynnie? Why did you change your phone number?” 
Felicia was oblivious to Lyna’s current critical circumstance. Even though she happened to know that Lyna seemed to be working on something fishy in Blackwood Group, she thought that it was merely her usual tactic in order to expand her social circle for a career advancement. Therefore, she did not really bother about that. 
“Mom, I’m running out of time so I can’t explain to you. You don’t have to ask me any questions too. I’m just going to send you a bank account number and I need you to transfer as much money as possible into this account. Remember to delete my message after jotting down the account number on a piece of paper. Alright, I have to hang up now.” Lyna hung up on her right away. After all, she knew that Fabian had started to be suspicious of her, so she had to stay alert. 
Luckily, she had used Wayne’s family to threaten him to keep her name out if he was questioned by Fabian. In the event that Wayne was found out, he must lie that Yvette was the one manipulating everything. 
Wayne agreed at once, as he was sure that Fabian would not be suspicious if he said that Yvette was the mastermind. After all, both Fabian and Yvette held grudges against each other.
Even so, Lyna was taking extra precautions to ensure her own safety. She knew that with the latest technology, Fabian could easily eavesdrop on her phone conversation if the call duration exceeded one minute. Therefore, she hung up her phone quickly as she gazed at her watch, ensuring that the call duration was less than one minute. 
Narrowing her eyes, Lyna smiled slyly as a perfect plan to abduct Hannah came across her mind. 
Before long, Felicia had transferred ten million into Lyna’s bank account as requested. 
Upon receiving the money, Lyna contacted the boss of the black market immediately, “I have another business opportunity for you.” 
The man’s eyes lit up at her words. Nothing was unachievable for the people of the black market, as long as they were paid with the agreed sum. 
“I need you to look for a woman with a figure resembling mine so that she can be my substitute. At the same time, I need your help to get me a trustworthy person to deliver something for me.” 
At the moment, there was no one by Lyna’s side who could carry out her tasks. All of her so-called trusted aides had fled away. Not only do they risk not getting paid, but they were also fearful of losing their lives if they continued to obey her. 
“Sure, sounds easy enough.” 
Squinting his eyes, the man grinned at the thought of the gainable profit from Lyna. Based on his judgment, Lyna was undoubtedly an heiress from one of the prominent families who were on the run. It seemed that she had nobody to turn to at the moment and had no choice but to seek help from him. 
“I also need you to help me look for another person.” Lyna paused and continued, “The person must be really good at imitating others’ handwriting.”
###Chapter 1386
Chapter 1386 
Letting out a gleeful chuckle, the man said, “It’s not that hard to look for the people who can fulfill your requirements. However, it still depends on what you intend to do. As you know, people nowadays are not willing to be easily involved in unknown activities. If it’s regarding something legal, I can easily get you one that would work for less than a hundred thousand. But, if you intend to involve them in something illegal, I doubt anyone would be so daring to do so.” 
Lyna wasn’t a fool. She caught what he meant at once and said coolly, “I’ll pay you three million to look for three people.” 
The man was stunned for a moment before recollecting himself. This is really a rich and sporting client! I must grab this opportunity to gain profit. “No problem. When do you need the three of them?” 
“As soon as possible. I hope you can get it done by four in the afternoon,” Lyna replied hurriedly as she glanced at her watch. She was running out of time. 
“Sure, just wait for my great news, then,” the man said confidently. 
Meanwhile, both Hannah and Natasha were now in the hotel room arranged by Fabian. “Only one luggage, is that all?” Hannah asked in disbelief. 
To her surprise, Natasha had very limited belongings in the hotel room. Basically, there was only one piece of luggage. Moreover, the luggage was unpacked, as if she was ready to go anywhere at any moment. 
“Since I had just left Remdik, I’m actually still hunting for a proper place to stay. Hence, I didn’t really unpack my belongings so that I don’t have to waste time packing everything again later,” Natasha explained casually.
She heaved a sigh of relief at the sight of the luggage in the hotel room. Fortunately, Fabian had arranged to place it there so at least she could still put on a show. If not, Hannah would surely be doubtful when she did not see any of Natasha’s personal belongings there. 
“You must have had a hard time, poor girl. Never mind, from now onwards, you just stay at my place, you hear? Make yourself at home there.” 
As a soft-hearted person, Hannah could feel a pang of sympathy in her heart. She really pitied Natasha and even thought of asking the girl to stay with her forever in the villa. 
“Thank you so much, Hannah.” 
Needless to say, Natasha knew that Hannah was being sincere to her. Hannah had only known me for a short while and had no idea about my background. And yet, she still treats me well. 
She knew that it was a blessing for her and she really appreciated Hannah’s kindness. I’m really lucky to be assigned to such a kind-hearted person’s side. I must protect her well to pay back her kindness! 
“Mr. Norton, we just managed to find out that someone had contacted Lyna Blackwood’s mother with an unknown number recently. Do you think we need to have a further investigation?” Fabian’s trusted aide asked. 
“Oh, is that so? Do you think it’s possible to identify the caller?” Fabian asked him placidly while leaning idly against the back of his chair. As of now, he still had no clue what the mastermind was planning next. 
“Since the call duration was less than one minute, we weren’t able to eavesdrop on their conversation. However, we managed to trace a text message that contains a bank account number. Unfortunately, halfway through jotting down the number, the message was deleted all of a sudden,” he reported honestly.
Fabian replied, “Alright. Keep watching her closely.” 
“Miss, I have managed to get you the three people you wanted,” the boss of the black market told Lyna with three people standing beside him. 
“Alright. I’ll transfer the money to you immediately.” 
Lyna then led the three of them to a private room. After scanning them from head to toe, she finally asked, “Among the three of you, who is the one good at imitating others’ handwriting?” 
Upon hearing her words, a middle-aged man immediately stepped forward and said, “I’m the one. I am quite good at imitating others’ handwriting if I do say so myself.” 
Lyna nodded and before taking two copies of documents from her bag. One of the copies was the duplicate of the weaponry purchasing agreement that was signed by Hannah, while another copy was the original version of the agreement. She pointed at Hannah’s signature and told the man, “I want you to imitate her signature as perfectly as possible. There should not be any visible difference.” 
The middle-aged man nodded in acknowledgment and took the copies of agreements from Lyna. 
“You, come over here,” Lyna said to the other man with a gesture. His task would be delivering something for her. 
The man stepped forward and looked at Lyna. 
“I want you to help me deliver something to the police station later. Just tell them you’re a journalist, and that you’re Hannah Young’s colleague. After that, you will tell them that you found the copy of the document on her desk. Don’t worry, I will create another identity for you so the police won’t be suspicious of you.”
###Chapter 1387
Chapter 1387 
Lyna briefed the man about her plan. 
“What do I need to deliver?” the man asked timidly. 
He was worried that the thing Lyna asked him to deliver would spell trouble for him. 
“You don’t have to know about what I want you to deliver. I will pass it to you when the time comes,” Lyna replied with knitted brows. 
Is this really the best person the black market could offer? I mean, look at him, asking all those unnecessary questions! That being said, she knew full well that she should not be fussy at this critical moment. Suppressing her frustration, she told the man, “Don’t worry. If you sense anything amiss later, just head for the washroom directly. I will assign someone to get you out from there. I won’t let you get arrested. After all, I would also be in trouble if you end up getting detained and leak my name.” 
Lyna purposely said so to calm him down so that he would be willing to carry out his task without any doubt. 
“Alright. I’ve given you two your assignments. Now, go wait outside for a while. I’ll let you know about the exact time for action later.” 
Lyna told the two men as she glanced at the woman who was supposed to be her substitute. 
Both of the men nodded and stepped out. 
“Take off your clothes,” Lyna instructed her the moment the two men stepped out. 
The substitute asked in bewilderment, “Huh?”
“Didn’t you hear me? Just take off your clothes. Now!” Lyna raised her voice, feeling a bit pissed off by her dumbness. 
“I-I don’t think this is appropriate,” the woman stuttered as she glanced at Lyna, intimidated by her tone. 
Meanwhile, Lyna had started taking off her clothes. Seeing this, the woman’s eyes widened in disbelief. What is she trying to do by asking me to take off my clothes? And why is she taking off hers? Is she trying to… How disgusting! 
Sensing how the woman was looking at her weirdly, Lyna rolled her eyes as she realized at once that the woman must have misunderstood her. However, she couldn’t be bothered to explain everything to her. Glaring at the woman, she snapped impatiently, “Stop wasting my time and just take off your clothes!” 
Soon, Lyna switched clothes with the woman. She even took off her earrings and necklace before asking the woman to put them on. 
“Now, I need you to pay attention. I’m going to brief you on your task.” 
With a stern look, Lyna told the woman, “I want you to go to Phoenix Group with a group of journalists and interview Fabian Norton. At the moment, the stock market of Phoenix Group is not stable, so the journalists will be more than willing to interview him. I’ve prepared a list of questions to be asked. All you need to do is take the lead and ask the questions based on the list. Remember to wear sunglasses, a mask, and a cap all the time so that he can’t see your face. Leave immediately after you have asked those questions, and don’t bother about anything else. Do you get me?” 
The woman nodded and asked worriedly, “What if he senses something amiss and becomes suspicious of me?” 
“Then, just run as fast as you can. Don’t worry, I will assign someone to pick you up.”
Massaging his temples, Fabian took a deep breath. 
He wondered how things were going on with Hannah at the moment. Earlier on, he had assigned Jason to keep her company. I hope that fellow knows well what he’s supposed to do. If he messes things up, I’ll definitely teach him a lesson! 
“Where are you now?” he asked after giving Hannah a call. 
“I’m having a meal with Jason outside. Have you settled your stuff?” 
Fabian was relieved when Hannah sounded as usual. He replied jokingly, “Yeah, I’m now. Why didn’t you call me to join in on your meal?” 
“Well, we’re at the pizza joint located at XX Road. Do you want to join us?” 
Hannah glanced at her watch instinctively. It’s not even four in the afternoon. Usually, he would still be occupied with work. I’m surprised that he’s already at this hour today! 
“Hang on, I’m coming!” 
After hanging up the phone, he took his jacket and strode out. Since the investigation had some progress, he couldn’t wait to be by Hannah’s side. 
For some reason, he was feeling uneasy recently. His gut was telling him that something bad was going to happen and would put Hannah at risk. 
Since he had already assigned Natasha to protect Hannah, he knew that Hannah would definitely sense something awry if he assigned another person to be by her side. If that happens, she will end up being troubled as well, and that was precisely what he was trying to avoid.
###Chapter 1388
Chapter 1388 
“Fabian!” The moment Fabian emerged at the main entrance of the pizza joint, Jason called out and waved at him. He was seated at a table near the main entrance of the eatery with Hannah and Natasha. 
“How did you end up here with Hannah?” 
Fabian asked casually, acting as if he was really surprised to see them together. 
“I haven’t seen Hannah for quite a long time. So, I ask her out for a simple meal.” 
Natasha instinctively moved to sit next to Jason so that Fabian could sit next to Hannah. 
“I see. What a coincidence to see you here, then.” Fabian nodded and started munching on a slice of pizza offered by Hannah. 
Aside from pizza, they had ordered other appetizers as well. When they finally stepped out of the pizza joint more than an hour later, Hannah felt overstuff as she had eaten too much. 
“Why did you force yourself to finish the food?” 
Fabian pitied her and wrapped her in his arms, massaging her stomach lightly to ease her discomfort. 
“I was suddenly craving for the food at the pizza joint and ordered too much. It’s a waste if I don’t finish the food!” 
Hannah smiled sheepishly at Fabian. As she was craving pizza all of a sudden, she went straight to a pizza joint with both Jason and Natasha. If she knew earlier that Fabian would join them, she would certainly choose a better restaurant.
“Do you think that your stomach is a bottomless pit?” Fabian chuckled as he tapped lightly on her forehead. 
“Fabian, can you please stop your public display of affection? Please don’t neglect Natasha and I. Think about how us singles would feel to witness the romantic moments of you lovebirds.” Jason hinted at Fabian pitifully. 
It was really hard for him to accept the fact that such an assertive business elite like Fabian would turn into a caring and loving family man in a split second. 
Still holding on to Hannah, Fabian replied, “Kids are not supposed to chime in when grown-ups are having a conversation.” He did not even spare a glance at Jason and simply ignored his protest. 
“Let’s go back to the office together.” As it was still working hours, Hannah suggested going back to the office. 
“Hannah, you don’t look too good. Why don’t you go back earlier to grab some rest?” Jason advised. 
“Yeah, Hannah, you really need to catch some sleep. I know you didn’t sleep well last night. Don’t worry, I’ll bring the things back to the office first and help to settle other things as well,” Natasha tried to talk Hannah into going back as well. 
Fabian also sensed that there seemed to be something amiss about Hannah. Hence, he advised her not to go back to the office. He sent her home straight away and accompanied her till she had drifted to sleep before he went back to Phoenix Group again. 
“Give me all the information you have on Lyna. Look into all areas, like who she’s been dealing with lately, places she used to patronize, and all the transactions listed in her account. Don’t forget about Yvette too. Investigate properly to see if they are contacting each other.”
Lyna was not someone who could be easily dealt with. As such, he decided to look into every piece of information that was related to her. He knew that he must keep his guard up in order to win against this insidious foe. 
It was obvious that she was targeting Hannah as well. If she dares to inflict any harm onto Hannah, I won’t let her off easily! 
Just as Fabian was immersed in the investigation on Lyna, the woman in question was as happy as a clam at the moment. She was confident that she was one step closer to her success. 
Fabian Norton, no matter how capable you are, I doubt you’ll be able to protect Hannah Young this time around! Snickering to herself, Lyna stared off into the distance, her eyes glinting maliciously. 
A man stepped into the police station with a document in his hand. 
He was the one assigned by Lyna to deliver the document. 
“Sir, I want to lodge a report!” 
He claimed that he was holding a document that served as concrete evidence that the wife of Phoenix Group’s president was involved in the smuggling of firearms. 
In a split second, the whole police station was filled with chatterings. Has this guy gone nuts? How dare he accused Fabian Norton’s woman? Smuggling firearms? Is this a joke? However, it doesn’t matter if the police did not believe the man, for they could not deny his accusations at the sight of the so-called concrete evidence. 
After flipping through the copy of the document numerous times, the chief of the Baykeep Police Station finally instructed his subordinates with gritted teeth, “Head for Fabian Norton’s villa to arrest the suspect, Hannah Young.”
###Chapter 1389
Chapter 1389 
Although he was reluctant to do so, he didn’t have any other choice. Given that it was an important matter, he dared not report it to Fabian in advance. 
The authorities would clamp down on anyone who possessed firearms for the safety of all citizens. 
As such, he had no other option but to arrest Hannah. He would apologize to Fabian after the investigation was completed. 
At this time, Hannah was watching a variety show while having snacks with Natasha at home. When someone knocked on the door, she stood up and opened it. 
“Hmm?” Hannah couldn’t help but murmur bewilderedly once she opened the door. 
There were several fully armed police officers standing in front of the door. 
What’s happening? Could it be that the authorities want to arrest Fabian for something he did? It can’t be! Given that Phoenix Group was the top conglomerate in the country, she couldn’t believe that the authorities would target Fabian. Besides, Fabian was always cautious and wouldn’t break the law. 
Hannah went back to the living room after opening the door. The next moment, all of the police officers surrounded her and Natasha. 
Hannah immediately felt that something wasn’t right as they were staring at her squarely while murmuring among themselves. Nevertheless, they immediately lowered their gaze when she glanced at them, as though they dared not look her in the eye. 
“What’s going on?”
She looked up and asked Natasha curiously, “Is there something on my face?” 
Touching her face, she felt that something was amiss. 
“Nope.” 
Natasha shook her head and pulled her hand down. 
“Why are they here?” 
Hannah couldn’t help but feel a sense of dread. Given that Fabian was a prominent figure, the police’s presence in their house signified that something serious had happened. 
“It’s okay. Everything will fine.” 
Natasha sat right beside Hannah and patted her shoulder. Although she was comforting Hannah, she had kept her guard up. 
After all, Fabian had reminded her beforehand to ensure Hannah’s safety because something unexpected would happen soon. 
“Will everything be fine?” 
Hannah could hardly believe her words as she knew that the police definitely came to their house for a reason. 
Meanwhile, Natasha sent a text message to Fabian secretly. 
After a while, the highest-ranking officer finally said, “May I know if Mr. Norton is at home?” 
Given Fabian’s social status, the officer was obliged to greet him if he was at home.
“Oh, he’s at the office,” Hannah replied. 
Then, she asked, “What’s wrong? Did something happen to him?” 
The officer took a deep breath. After that, he took out his ID from his bag and said, “Ms. Young, the police suspect that you’re involved in a firearms trafficking case. Please cooperate and come with us for investigation.” 
“What?” 
Hannah unknowingly took a few steps back upon hearing that. Panic-stricken, her phone slipped out of her hand and fell on the floor. 
What’s happening? I’ve never done it before! Hannah was overwhelmed with fear. After all, selling firearms was a serious crime, and any perpetrator could be executed without questions asked. 
After the highest-ranking officer nodded, two of his subordinates came up to Hannah to take her. 
“I’ve never done such a thing. I don’t know what is really happening.” 
The officer coughed and explained, “This might only be some misunderstanding. But since we’ve received a police report about it, we have to take you back to the police station to cooperate with our investigation. I’m sure you’re aware that any cases related to firearms are no joking matters. Therefore, we hope that you could cooperate with us.” 
The officer spoke politely because he couldn’t confirm that the case was truly related to Hannah. If it turns out to be a mistake and I treated her rudely, Fabian would…
###Chapter 1390
Chapter 1390 
Suddenly, Hannah’s phone that was on the floor rang. 
Natasha took a step forward to pick it up and answered the call. “Yes, they are in your house. Okay, I understand.” 
Then, she handed the phone over to the highest-ranking officer and said, “It’s Mr. Norton.” 
The officer gave it some thought and decided to answer the call. After all, he knew that he couldn’t afford to offend Fabian. 
Since Fabian had a close relationship with many prominent leaders, he would lose his job once Fabian complained about him. 
“Hello, I’m Connor Walker, head of the Special Actions Unit of the Baykeep Police Station.” 
“I’m aware of your operation. Well, you can take her back to the police station. However, as for your attitude… I’m sure you understand what you should do. I’ll be right there to give you an explanation,” Fabian said in a deep voice. 
“Okay. I understand.” 
The officer then hung up the phone. He had agreed to Fabian’s request since it wasn’t unreasonable. 
“Let’s go.” 
Having said that, they took Hannah and Natasha back to the police station. Knowing that Fabian was informed of it, Hannah was still a little nervous but not as afraid anymore. She believed Fabian would make sure that she wasn’t wronged.
Meanwhile, Lyna was observing the situation not far from Hannah’s villa. Once Hannah was brought into the police car, she couldn’t help but chuckle and murmur to herself, “Hehe, the show begins now.” 
“Ms. Young, may I ask whether the signature on this contract is yours?” a police officer asked while holding out a contract given by the whistleblower. 
Upon looking at the signature, she nodded initially but later shook her head in denial. 
Although it looked exactly like her signature, she had never signed on such a contract before. How could I not know that selling firearms is a crime? So why would I commit a capital offense? 
Besides, Hannah was happily married to Fabian who was the president of the largest company in Chanaea. Considering all aspects, there was no reason that she had to involve herself in such a dangerous activity. 
“Ms. Young, was it you who signed on this contract, or did you sign on a similar contract recently?” the officer asked again. 
In fact, the officer pondered over the matter before but couldn’t understand why Hannah would sell firearms. As such, he believed that she might have been framed. 
Moreover, given that the contract was in a foreign language, Hannah probably signed the contract without reading the content. Hence, someone grabbed the opportunity to set her up. 
After giving it some thought, Hannah answered, “I did. This afternoon, I signed a contract during a launch event organized by Blackwood Group. That was the only document that I signed.” 
“Ms. Young, in that case, did you read the contract carefully? Could it be that someone deliberately set you up?” the officer immediately asked upon hearing that.
“I don’t think so. The contract was fully in a foreign language, so I didn’t read it thoroughly. Anyway, it should be fine because many people were present when we signed the contract. Also, since I’m quite close to the person in charge, I don’t believe she would frame me,” Hannah replied truthfully. 
“Ms. Young, do you think there’s a possibility…” 
When the police wanted to probe further, someone opened the door to the interrogation room. The next moment, Fabian came into sight. 
Hannah couldn’t help but heave a sigh of relief. Now that Fabian was here, she was confident that the mastermind who framed her would be revealed sooner or later. 
“Don’t be afraid, Hannah. As long as I’m here, I won’t let you get hurt. Trust me. This matter is not as terrifying as you think. I’ll settle this in no time!” Fabian rushed toward Hannah to take her into his arms and comfort her. 
He was heartbroken to see her so frail. At that instant, he vowed to himself to teach Lyna a lesson and put a stop to her scheme. 
She was doomed the moment she involved Hannah in this mess. I will never forgive those who hurt Hannah! 
While they were hugging, tears streamed down Hannah’s face. Although she was wronged, she felt touched because her husband was here to save her.
###Chapter 1391
Chapter 1391 
“Alright, Hannah. Let’s go there.” 
Fabian came here with Jason because the latter had the relevant information and witnesses to prove that Hannah was innocent. 
When Jason arrived, he saw that Fabian was hugging Hannah, who was pale with fright. 
“Hannah, don’t worry. This is just some misunderstanding, and you’ll be fine.” 
Jason was young but reliable. After comforting Hannah, he dragged Fabian to the side to discuss the case. 
“I’ve seen the so-called contract in the police station. Also, I have hired an expert, and he confirmed that it was not signed by Hannah. Hence, the police won’t let go of the lad who made the report.” 
However, the damage was done as the rumor about Hannah selling firearms had been sp and reached more than fifty million viewers. 
The rumor on the internet is getting out of hand. What should we do? 
As an entertainment journalist, Hannah knew to what extent the impact was when news reached more than ten million viewers. In other words, at least ten thousand people have read it and are aware of the case. It will be an uphill task to clear my name! 
Meanwhile, Fabian’s face darkened at the turn of events. 
On the other hand, Lyna’s plan had backfired on her because the man who made the report based on her instruction was arrested, and the police were determined to investigate it thoroughly to find out the
truth. 
After all, selling firearms was a grave matter. Earlier on, the so-called informant talked confidently as if he knew the ins and outs of the case. Also, he even claimed that the firearms dealers were waiting for Hannah to complete the deal in a hotel. 
Even though Hannah was proven innocent, they couldn’t stop the rumor by merely explaining the incident to the public. After all, Lyna could easily rile the netizens up and make them believe that Hannah got away by utilizing her connections. Such a negative perception would affect both Hannah and the company. 
“Have you dealt with the police?” Fabian gave it some thought before he asked Jason. 
“Not yet. The police are insistent on seeing Hannah and bringing her to the hotel to check if the firearms dealers are still there. Given the gravity of the case, we can’t stop them from doing it.” 
If the police could arrest the so-called firearms dealers, Hannah would be proven innocent. In that case, their explanation would be convincing, and the public would eventually stop spreading the rumor. 
“Since the space in the hotel is quite limited, only a small number of our people can join this operation. The situation won’t be favorable for us even if we outnumber them.” 
Fabian glanced at Jason and said in a deep voice, “Besides, you should know that I won’t possibly involve Hannah in any dangerous situation.” 
“How about this? I’ll discuss with the police to let Natasha disguise as Hannah to meet the firearms dealers. Since they’ve never met Hannah in person and only saw her face in pictures, I’m sure they won’t recognize her. With that, we can also prove that Hannah has nothing to do with the case. What do you think?”
In fact, Jason had thought for a long time before coming up with this idea. Nevertheless, he still had to get Fabian’s permission to carry it out. 
“No, I can’t let Natasha take the risk. Since this incident happened because of me, let the police bring me to the hotel. I’ll be fine with the police accompanying me.” 
They didn’t notice that Hannah was already standing behind them, and she stopped them once she heard that they were planning to let Natasha disguise as her. 
“No way! You can’t go!” Fabian rejected it without hesitation. 
He could never let Hannah risk her life as it was even more terrifying than putting himself in danger. I’ve already done so much to protect her. I can’t let her take the risk! 
“But you can’t ask Natasha to go on my behalf either! She is just a girl, and she isn’t aware of everything that is happening. How can you guys make such a reckless decision?”
###Chapter 1392
Chapter 1392 
Deep in Hannah’s heart, Natasha was like her sister. As such, she couldn’t believe her ears when Jason proposed to let Natasha replace her. 
“Wouldn’t it haunt your conscience?” 
“Hannah!” Natasha came over and grabbed Hannah’s hand. “Don’t worry. I’m just going to put on some make-up and take a look in the hotel. It’ll be alright. I’m willing to go on behalf of you.” 
As a bodyguard, Natasha was used to doing something like this. Nonetheless, Hannah wasn’t aware of her true identity and thought she was an ordinary girl. 
How can they let a defenseless girl take such a risk? They are firearms dealers with guns who will pull the trigger once they can’t reach an agreement! 
“No way!” 
“I’ve made up my mind. Hannah, you can only stay with me today. Jason, bring Natasha out and get prepared,” Fabian decided coldly. 
He believed that Natasha was the best candidate for the mission. Besides, her presence could prove to both the police and the netizens that Hannah wasn’t involved in any firearms deal. Instead, they would realize that some malicious people had set all this up to frame Hannah. 
“Fabian!” 
Hannah’s jaw nearly dropped when he insisted on putting Natasha in danger. Was he being nice to Natasha only to utilize her later?
Jason then brought Natasha out. Before he closed the door, he stole a glance at Hannah, worrying that she would quarrel with Fabian. 
“Hannah, don’t worry. Natasha wouldn’t be in danger.” 
He didn’t intend to tell Hannah that Natasha was a bodyguard yet because he felt that she would be better protected if she was oblivious to Natasha’s identity. 
“How could you be so heartless?” 
Hannah couldn’t change Fabian’s mind, but deep in her heart, she knew that he did it for her sake. Hence, even though she was pissed off, she could hardly vent her anger on him. After yelling at him, she sat on the chair and glared at him without uttering another word. 
Fabian received his assistant’s call once he exited the police station. 
“Mr. Norton, a lot of reporters came to our office, requesting for an answer as to why the stock price of our company is fluctuating…” 
Fabian got impatient even before his assistant could finish. Do I have to show up to deal with such a trivial matter? What’s the use of having you as my assistant? 
“I’ll give you fifteen minutes to solve this issue.” 
Since Fabian was already in a bad mood, he couldn’t help but fly into a rage once his assistant reported the seemingly trivial matter to him. 
“Mr. Norton, this is not the main point. Most importantly, Lyna seems to be hiding among the journalists here. If you don’t show up, I’m afraid she’ll run away,” knowing that Fabian was irritated, his assistant quickly added.
“What? Lyna is there? Alright, I’ll be there right away,” Fabian said in a deep voice. 
“Assign some men to bring Mrs. Norton back to the villa. I’m sure you’re aware of the consequences if something bad happens to her,” Fabia instructed his subordinates. 
Initially, he planned to stay with Hannah to protect her. But now that Lyna, the mastermind who framed Hannah, finally showed up, he couldn’t let her escape. 
When Fabian arrived at the office, the surveillance camera showed that a woman who looked like Lyna was sneaking around. 
He chuckled all of a sudden. Initially, he did not know how to retaliate without any information on his enemy’s whereabouts. But now that she came to him, there was no way he would show her any mercy. 
Lyna, do you wish to possess Phoenix Group so badly? Dream on! 
Meanwhile, when Fabian’s assistant gazed at him, a shiver ran down his spine. He hadn’t felt such a strong aura exuding from Fabian in quite a long time. Hence, he stopped worrying about Fabian but began to pity Lyna instead. 
Fabian would never let anyone take advantage of him. If someone did that to him, they would suffer unimaginable consequences.
###Chapter 1393
Chapter 1393 
“Mr. Norton, I’ll make the arrangements.” 
The assistant was relieved. He was too anxious just now, so he forgot that Fabian had always been a decisive and assertive man. 
In no time, Fabian went downstairs and began to explain to the reporters the reasons that led to the fluctuation in his company’s stocks. 
Meanwhile, the reporters below the stage were busy taking notes and snapping photos. 
Although Fabian was giving a speech, he had been observing Lyna the moment she showed up. He knew that she deliberately avoided his gaze as though she was afraid that he would see through her. 
“Alright. If you have any questions, just raise your hand. I’ll definitely answer them.” 
Fabian took a seat and looked at the reporters smilingly. Meanwhile, he was also waiting for the show to begin. 
“Mr. Norton, as for the fluctuation in your company’s stocks, some experts said that your company is about to bankrupt. What is your view on this?” 
“Hmm, this is pure nonsense. Since Phoenix Group is the top company in Chanaea, the consequences of its bankruptcy will definitely be devastating. Hence, we always have some special means to prevent it from happening,” Fabian explained loudly. 
“Mr. Norton, may I know what the means are?” 
“I’m sorry that I can’t tell you.”
“Mr. Norton, we heard that your company’s stocks fluctuated recently due to manipulation by some traders to bring down Phoenix Group. May I know if the rumor is true?” 
Meanwhile, Hannah had returned to the villa, accompanied by a female bodyguard from Remdik. 
As Hannah saw the two bodyguards standing at the door, she couldn’t help but shake her head. Although she didn’t like to see bodyguards around, she understood that Fabian assigned them to protect her due to the gravity of the situation. 
“Who do you think framed me?” Hannah sat on the couch and asked. 
At this moment, Hannah was pale-faced because she had just opened the company’s forum. The pinned post was about her alleged involvement in selling firearms, which received tens of million views. To make matters worse, the number of views and comments kept increasing every minute. 
Some accused her of treason, while others claimed that she married Fabian because of his wealth. In short, the post was full of all sorts of unpleasant comments. 
Hannah felt her hands burning upon reading the comments and instinctively threw her phone away. 
When the bodyguard saw that Hannah was in a bad mood, she consoled her, “No matter who the mastermind is, Mr. Norton will get to the bottom of it. Don’t worry.” 
She was unsure about what happened in the past, given that she and Natasha only started working a few days ago. But she didn’t want to poke her nose into Hannah’s business as her mission was only to ensure the latter’s safety. 
Moreover, she would have continued to protect Hannah secretly if Natasha wasn’t assigned another task.
Hannah put on a helpless smile upon hearing her words. How could she know who the mastermind is? 
Suddenly, she received a call from Lyna. She quickly picked up the call and asked, “Hello?” 
“Hannah, where are you? W-Winson’s been admitted to the hospital,” Lyna said sobbingly over the phone. 
“What? What happened?” Hannah asked nervously, knitting her brows. 
“He said he dreamed of you when he was sleeping in the car. Since he seldom had dreams, he was bewildered and decided to visit you. However, when he was on his way… he met with a car accident and is still unconscious.” 
Lyna seemed to be choking back tears. 
“Okay, which hospital are you at? I’ll be there right away.” 
At this moment, Hannah was on pins and needles. She would be devastated if something terrible happened to her only brother.
###Chapter 1394
Chapter 1394 
“He fell asleep in the car while he was on a trip with his friends. We brought him to the nearest hospital so that he could get treatment as soon as possible. We’re at Lincoln Hospital now. I’ll send you the location later.” 
“Alright. Don’t panic. I’ll go there right away.” Hannah hung up the phone after she finished. 
Seeing Hannah’s anxious expression, the bodyguard couldn’t help but ask, “What’s wrong?” 
“My brother got into a car accident. I’ve to go to the hospital now,” Hannah replied. 
“But… Mr. Norton doesn’t allow us to leave the villa.” 
The bodyguard deliberated for a while and advised Hannah against it. After all, Fabian reminded her that someone was probably lurking in the shadows to harm Hannah in these turbulent times. 
“I don’t care. My brother is in danger now. He’s my biological brother and my closest family member,” Tears began to well in her eyes when she said that. 
Winson and Leo were the only people who were related to her by blood. Nonetheless, because Hannah didn’t recognize Leo as her father anymore, Winson became the only family she had. 
All of the bodyguards in her villa were in a dilemma. Since Winson was Hannah’s brother, she had every reason to visit him. However, Fabian also specifically instructed them to keep Hannah in her room. 
“Did you guys hear what I said? I’m leaving now. Do you want to stop me?” Hannah asked while staring at the two bodyguards at the door.
One of them took a deep breath and replied, “I’m sorry, Mrs. Norton. But Mr. Norton said that you are not allowed to go anywhere before he returns. Therefore, please go back to your room.” 
Hannah was a little furious upon hearing that. Hmph! Of course you can stay aloof. After all, it’s none of your concern. But if your family gets into an accident, will you still be able to stay calm? 
She gave them a ferocious stare and left. 
Unexpectedly, she went straight into the kitchen to grab a knife. Then, she rushed to the door and yelled, “Will you still try to stop me now?” 
Unperturbed, the two bodyguards tried to persuade her, “Ms. Young, we can talk about it. Please put down the knife.” 
Meanwhile, the bodyguard from Remdik was shocked. She knew that she would not be able to stop Hannah if the latter wanted to hurt herself. 
“I’m leaving. Make way.” 
Hannah put the knife near her wrist to threaten the bodyguards. 
“Mrs. Norton, please don’t do that. Let us call Mr. Norton first, and…” 
“Why should you call him? Why can’t I visit my brother when he’s in trouble? Who’s going to be responsible for it if he loses too much blood and ends up in a precarious situation?” Hannah screamed at them. 
Given that Winson had a rare blood type, his situation would be dire if he lost too much blood and couldn’t receive a blood transfusion in time.
“I’m going to say this one last time. I’m leaving. Get out of my way!” An icy glint flashed across her eyes when she said to them. 
The two bodyguards were in a tight spot. Since Fabian specifically gave them the order, they couldn’t bear the responsibility of letting Hannah leave. 
Hence, they didn’t utter a word but remained standing in front of the door to stop her from leaving. Left with no choice, she made up her mind to cut her wrist slightly. The next moment, her wrist began bleeding. 
The female bodyguard from Remdik immediately yelled at them, “Make way! Do you want Mrs. Norton to cut her wrist?” 
Upon hearing that, they immediately retreated to the side. After all, they would be in serious trouble if Hannah was hurt. 
“I’ll go with you,” the female bodyguard said to Hannah. 
Hannah didn’t reply but nodded in response. With that, both of them walked out the door. 
The female bodyguard claimed that she was Natasha’s sister. However, the truth was that Fabian assigned her to protect Hannah.
###Chapter 1395
Chapter 1395 
“Come on.” 
Lyna called out to Hannah the moment she walked out the door. Her car was parked right in front of the gate. 
Hannah nodded and got into the car. 
Lyna paid no heed to the female bodyguard beside Hannah as she instructed the driver to start driving. 
“Let’s go. Nothing must happen to Mrs. Norton. Report this matter to Mr. Norton as well.” 
The bodyguards Hannah followed closely behind in another car. 
“Why are you here, Lyna? Aren’t you taking care of Winson at the hospital?” 
Hannah couldn’t help but ask. 
“Oh, I came specially for you.” 
Lyna paused for a moment. “Winson is in very bad shape as of this moment. He needs a blood transfusion as soon as possible. That’s why I’m here.” 
Hannah’s heart skipped a beat upon her words. “Is it life-threatening?” she asked worriedly. 
How am I going to explain it to Mom if anything happens to Winson? 
“The doctor said… if he doesn’t get a blood transfusion within an hour… he might…” Lyna had a pained look on her face as she spoke. 
“Mr. Norton, Lyna is running in the direction of the washroom. What should we do?”
Fabian sneered. Hmph! Do you really think you can escape? 
“Get her. Don’t let her escape.” 
With that, Fabian waved at his assistant. His assistant immediately said to the journalists, “Ok, that’s all for today. We can talk about everything else another time.” 
“Uhh…” 
The fellow journalists couldn’t help but sigh and left, feeling dissatisfied. 
“Hehe, got you, Lyna. Let make this clear with you—nobody messes with my wife.” 
Fabian then walked out of his office as he waited for Lyna to be captured. 
However, one of Fabian’s trusted aide rushed over and reported, “Mr. Norton, that Lyna i-i-is a fake.” 
Fabian frowned and asked, “Did you get any information out from her?” 
Fabian’s trusted aide lowered his head. “Nothing. We only know she’s from the black market.” 
“Send her to the police then. Accuse her of spreading rumours that Phoenix Group is going bankrupt.” 
Fabian waved his trusted aide away impatiently. 
“Yes, Mr. Norton!” 
His trusted aide got up and left. 
Just then, Fabian’s phone rang. 
“Hello, Mr. Norton. M-Mrs. Norton went out.”
“What? Didn’t you hear what I said?” 
Fabian frowned when he heard the news. 
“Mrs. Norton threatened us with her life. That’s why we…” 
“Never mind. Follow her. Also, send me her location.” 
Fabian couldn’t be bothered with the bodyguard’s explanation as he cut him off. 
He figured if the lady they captured was a fake; then, the real Lyna must have gone for Hannah. 
Fabian immediately went after Hannah after receiving her exact location. 
He couldn’t help but worry as he stared at the red dot moving on the screen. Lyna was the type to do everything in her power in order to achieve her goals. 
Hannah would be in deep trouble if she falls into the hands of Lyna. Moreover, Fabian had taken over all of Lyna’s shares in Blackwood Group. He figured she wouldn’t go easy on Hannah since she hated him with a passion. 
Fabian silently prayed for Hannah’s safety. He would turn Baykeep inside out if anything were to happen to Hannah. 
Very soon, the car Lyna and Hannah were in came to a stop.
###Chapter 1396
Chapter 1396 
Hannah was shocked and suspicious when the car stopped in front of an abandoned factory. She asked, “We’re here?” 
Lyna nodded. “Yes. Let’s go.” 
Lyna alighted the car before Hannah could ask anything else. 
Hannah followed behind after giving it some thought, while her bodyguard checked out their surroundings before getting out of the car. 
However, Hannah was captured by two men the moment she stepped out of the car. They were working under Lyna’s instructions. 
“W-What are you doing?” 
Hannah screamed in fright. She had yet to realize how much danger she was in. 
Hannah’s female bodyguard immediately realized the predicament they were in, but quickly unclenched her fist when she looked up. 
She realized Lyna and her men all had guns. Thus, it wasn’t time for her to make a move yet. If she did, not only would she not be able to save Hannah, but Lyna would also put her guard up if she failed. And that would make it harder for them to escape. 
She arched her brows and let her guard down. Two men came over and captured her. 
“Hehe. My dear Hannah, should I say you’re cute or stupid?” 
Lyna walked over to Hannah, lifted her chin up with her index finger and said in a teasing tone.
“Lyna, w-what are you doing?” 
Hannah totally didn’t expect that Lyna would hurt her. She just couldn’t believe it as she was so kind and good to her at the hospital. 
Lyna couldn’t help but shook her head when she saw Hannah’s reaction. “Hehe, my cute little sister, do you still not get it? I brought you here with the purpose to capture you. Honestly speaking, I think we would have gotten along well if you were not my enemy. You’re foolishly cute. Hahaha.” 
Hannah widened her eyes in disbelief. “So you lied to me about Winson?” 
“Hehe, of course. You wouldn’t have come along so quickly if I hadn’t made up that story.” 
Lyna sneered at her own wit and Hannah’s stupidity. 
Hannah breathed a sigh of relief upon the knowledge that Winson was alright. 
“Hehe, your courage is commendable. How can you be worried about someone else when you yourself is in deep trouble?” 
Lyna turned around as four other men pushed Hannah inside. 
Hannah finally realised how much trouble she was in. However, she figured this was better than having anything happen to Winson. 
Lyna sat down on a chair. 
“Why? Why would you do this?” Hannah couldn’t help but ask her. 
Hannah couldn’t figure out why Lyna would do such things to her. She was her sister. What exactly does she want? Money? I don’t think so. Although Blackwood Group wasn’t a big company, it wouldn’t
be a problem for Lyna to lead a comfortable life. However, Hannah couldn’t come up with any reason for Lyna to kidnap her besides money. 
“Hehe, what do you mean why? How dare you ask me that?” 
Lyna’s blood boiled when she heard Hannah’s stupid question. 
“Why wouldn’t I dare? I didn’t do you wrong. Why are you doing this to me? Was it all an act in the first place?” 
Hannah was agitated. Lyna’s schemes were truly terrifying if it was all an act. 
“Hehe. You didn’t do me wrong?”
###Chapter 1397
Chapter 1397 
Lyna leaped to her feet, walked towards Hannah, bent down to eye level with Hannah, and said, “Ok, I’ll tell you everything today. You Listen well.” 
“My mother and Fabian’s mother arranged for us to be married 6 months ago. I would have been Mrs. Norton if not for you. Do you understand me?” 
Lyna bellowed. 
Hannah was shocked upon hearing her words. She wasn’t aware of any of it. 
“Heh. I won’t keep it from you anymore at this point. I was the one behind the accident on your wedding day, Yvette just so happened to have the same idea. Unfortunately, her carelessness alerted Fabian, else you would have been dead by now. Luckily for me, her lackey was unreliable, so she took the blame for me.” Lyna reminiscenced. 
“What? Y-You…” 
Hannah couldn’t believe her ears. Who would have thought the woman she looked up to as her sister would try to kill her. 
“I should have been the one riding in the wedding car that day if not for you.” 
Hatred flashed in her eyes as she spoke. “You took everything away from me. I thought that unfortunate brother of yours is going to die for sure, but you came along. Not only did you save him, but you also inherited part of the family fortune that should have been mine.” 
Hannah couldn’t help but shudder at Lyna’s true colors. Why would she even think that I am going to inherit part of her family fortune? That’s impossible.
Hannah wasn’t about to acknowledge Leo as her father. Not now, not ever. Would she even want to inherit his family fortune if he offered? Of course not. However, Lyna didn’t think so. 
“Isn’t Winson your brother as well? How could you try to hurt him?” 
Hannah’s mind went blank for a moment there. 
She had nothing to say to the way Lyna was treating her, but Winson was her brother no matter what. Although they didn’t share the same mother, the grew up under the same roof. 
“Heh? Winson? What use is he to me? He’s just around to inherit part of the family fortune that should have been mine. The only way father will pass on everything to me is if he is dead.” 
“You are heartless,” Hannah said coldly. 
Hannah felt like she wasn’t human anymore but a cold-blooded animal. This woman is void of compassion. She would even go so far as to kill her own brother just for the sake of the family fortune. 
“Hehe, why are you so surprise? Money talks. That stupid brother of yours will understand when he grows up. I actually came up with another plan with you in it to avoid any more troubles in the future. But an insider gave me away. Or else you would have been in jail by now.” 
Lyna sneered at the look of disbelief on Hannah’s face as she revealed her schemes. 
Hannah came back to her senses abruptly. She finally understood why the police accused her of selling firearms. This was all part of Lyna’s schemes. Winson signed the paper as well. He’s not… 
Right. Nothing happened to me since the contract has been switched. So, Winson should be fine too. 
Hannah breathed a sigh of relief upon that thought.
“I must say Fabian is really something. He saved both you and Winson. I was originally planning to make him go bankrupt but fell into his scheme instead. How dare he give all my shares away to Winson?” 
Lyna looked at Hannah with hatred. She lost everything because of this woman. If not for Winson’s shares, she would have destroyed Hannah’s face by now.
###Chapter 1398
Chapter 1398 
“Way to go, Fabian” 
Hannah cheered in delight when she heard what Fabian had done to Lyna. 
Hannah hated this kind of person from the bottom of her heart. The kind who would do anything for money was the worst. 
“Why are you so happy? Have you forgotten you’re still at my mercy?” 
Lyna smiled instead of getting angry. Victory was just around the corner. 
“Fabian will be at my beck and call with you around. It wouldn’t be a problem now even if I asked for a billion.” Lyna chuckled. 
Hannah gritted her teeth. “Hmph! You won’t get your way. Fabian’s not that stupid.” 
Hannah was secretly very worried about Fabian. He had been very good to her after their wedding ceremony. What if she allowed Lyna to get away with the things she did just because of how much he cared for her? 
“Hmph! Take her away!” 
Lyna figured it wouldn’t be easy to take Fabian down. After all, she had single-handedly experienced how smart and powerful Fabian was. 
After Hannah and her bodyguard was taken away, Lyna rubbed her temple and called Fabian. 
“Hehe, hello, Mr. Norton.”
Lyna said smilingly the moment Fabian picked up the call. 
“Lyna, you’d better let Hannah go, or else…” 
Fabian didn’t elaborate since he believed Lyna knew what he meant. 
“Hehehe, stop kidding me, Mr Norton. You’re not going to let me off even if I let Hannah go.” 
Lyna couldn’t be bothered with Fabian’s threat anymore after being driven to the edge. 
“How about this? Give me that contract of Blackwood Group and 1 billion and I will let Hannah go. What do you think?” 
Lyna listed out her conditions to Fabian. 
“Ha! Is this a threat?” 
Fabian sneered. Why? Do you think I’m just going to let you have your way? 
What Lyna didn’t know was that Fabian was already making his way to the abandoned Factory where Hannah was at. Moreover, Hannah has an extraordinarily strong and powerful female bodyguard by her side. 
“I have no choice if you want to look at it that way.” 
Lyna smiled and continued, “I will send you my bank account number and my location. I think it would be best if you think twice before making a decision.” 
“Of course.” 
Fabian replied as he stared at the red dot on his phone which was not far from his current location.
“Do as Lyna says.” Fabian instructed his assistant after hanging up the call. 
His assistant hesitated before agreeing to it. 
Of course, Fabian wasn’t backing down. He was doing it on purpose in order to get Lyna to put her guard down and ensure Hannah’s safety. 
At the moment, Hannah was scared, angry and worried for Fabian. 
The four men who were guarding them were having a chat causally, and would only check on them from time to time. 
The female bodyguard had already d herself by this time and was inching her way towards Hannah. 
“Ms. Young, I’ll untie you,” she whispered. 
Hannah was surprised with her capabilities when she heard her words. 
She nodded and slowly inched her way towards the female bodyguard. 
“Hey, what are you guys doing?” 
One of the four men noticed something was off between Hannah and her bodyguard as he stood up and walked over. 
He was quickly joined by the other three men.
###Chapter 1399
Chapter 1399 
The female bodyguard realized luck wasn’t on her side. It would be hard for them to escape if she were to alert the others. 
She aimed a kick at one of the men’s calf and he immediately fell. 
The rest of the three men realized she wasn’t easy to deal with as they quickly reached for their pistols. 
As soon as they did that, the female bodyguard reached for the pistol belonging to the man lying on the ground. She fired a shot at one of the men and rolled to Hannah’s side. 
Hannah’s arms had been d by the female bodyguard just now. Then, she quickly untied her legs while the latter was busy taking their kidnappers down. 
The shot fired by the female bodyguard hit one of the three men while the other two quickly split up. 
They then fired shots at Hannah since they knew Hannah was more important than the female bodyguard. They would still have room for negotiation as long as they had Hannah. 
They aimed at her leg since they were afraid of accidentally killing her. 
The female bodyguard had a heightened sense of danger since she used to be an assassin. She rushed to Hannah’s side and pushed her away. 
Hannah fell to the ground and almost blacked out for a moment as pain shot up her spine. 
The female bodyguard wasn’t in good shape as well. She got shot in the shoulder when she pushed Hannah away and her wound burned.
However, she didn’t have time to check on her wound but quickly turned around, rolled to Hannah’s side, and fired at the other two men. 
“We have to hurry. They’ll be here soon after hearing the gunshot.” 
The female bodyguard said to Hannah. 
Hannah’s mind went blank. She felt so overwhelmed after getting pushed to the side that she went weak in the knees and was at a loss for words. 
Bang! The warehouse door burst open and in walked Lyna and another man. He was the best fighter among the five. Hence, Lyna told him to stay by her side to protect her. 
“What? Wow, I didn’t expect you two to be able to take them down. But, you’re not leaving this place today!” 
Lyna then signaled the man standing beside her. 
Just then, two shots were fired at the door behind Lyna. She shuddered in fright when she saw the bullet holes as she almost died from the shots. 
Lyna’s subordinate checked out their surroundings through the crack of the door. “Miss, we need to leave now. A dozen or so of highly skilled fighters are closing in on us.” 
Lyna’s blood boiled. Am I going to just let Hannah get away this time around? 
She refused to admit defeat. However, there was nothing she could do about it. The most important matter at hand would be to stay alive. She was well aware she wouldn’t get another chance again if Fabian captured her.
Lyna glared at Hannah, took the man’s pistol and fired a few shots at Hannah. “Let’s go!” she said through gritted teeth. 
The female bodyguard breathed a sigh of relief after Lyna left. However, she couldn’t help but frown as she turned to look at Hannah’s condition. 
Hannah looked really pale as a pool of blood dripped onto the floor. 
“Hannah!” 
Just then, Fabian burst in. 
“Mr. Norton!” 
The female bodyguard gestured to reveal her location to Fabian. 
His eyes widened in shock when he saw the pool of blood at Hannah’s feet, so he bent down and took her into his arms. 
Hannah smiled in relief when she saw Fabian. She knew for sure he would come. 
“Don’t worry, Hannah. You’ll be fine.” 
Hannah finally closed her eyes after hearing his words. She wanted to get some rest after everything that had happened. However, she missed out the tears glistening in Fabian’s eyes.
###Chapter 1400
Chapter 1400 
Soon, Hannah was sent to the best hospital in Baykeep while Fabian stayed by her side. 
After Lyna left, she decided to call Yvette. 
“Hello. Who’s this?” 
Yvette found it odd that someone actually knew this phone number of hers. 
“I’m Lyna.” 
“What? Why are you calling me? You should leave now. There’s no way Fabian is letting you off the hook.” 
Yvette did not want to cross paths with Lyna anymore as she did not want to be implicated. 
“I have something important to tell you. It’s up to you whether you want to listen. But if you regret in the future, don’t come to me.” 
After speaking, Lyna hung up the phone as she was confident that Yvette would be lured over. Afterward, she sent her location to Yvette. 
When she left, she had clearly seen a pool of blood on the floor. If I’m not mistaken, it should be… 
Lyna and Yvette agreed to meet at a café in the city center. It was already evening when Yvette arrived, so there were not many people in the café. The place had a tranquil atmosphere despite its downtown location. 
It offered public seating and private rooms that provided much-needed privacy. Therefore, it was the favorite café among celebrities and socialites.
Right then, the phone in Yvette’s bag vibrated. It was a text from Lyna that read: I’m in room 323. 
After glancing at it, Yvette walked toward the most secluded room in the café and opened the door to enter. 
Lyna seemed to have been waiting for some time. She was scrolling through her phone while taking sips of her coffee, looking slightly impatient. 
“What is it?” Yvette asked after taking the seat across from her. 
Lyna was never a good-tempered person to begin with, so it was only normal that she was irritated after waiting for so long, and hearing Yvette’s tone of voice made her even more livid. 
However, she held back her anger in order to get Yvette to work with her. Putting down her phone, she said with a smile, “You’re so busy that you can’t even be punctual, Ms. Tanner.” 
“Not really. I just don’t want to see you. So, what’s it that you want to say?” Yvette shrugged as she replied unflinchingly. 
She did not think that she should be afraid of Lyna. Besides, she knew that Lyna must be trying to seek help from her, so she became bold. 
The look on Lyna’s face changed. Then, she simpered and explained, “It’s okay if you don’t want to see me. I just want to talk about a collaboration with you. That’s it.” 
Collaboration? Yvette’s interest was piqued, so she became nicer to Lyna. 
“What collaboration?” she said after taking a sip of her coffee. 
“Now that Hannah has lost her baby, our biggest threat is gone. Have you ever thought about us working together to deal with Fabian?” Lyna proposed with a smile.
In fact, she was taking a wild guess, but she knew that she was likely right about it. If Hannah had injured another part of her body instead, the woman with her would have helped her stop the bleeding, but she didn’t. So what does it show? 
Yvette glanced at her with a look of disdain. How is it possible that Hannah is pregnant? Even if she’s pregnant, Fabian wouldn’t have let anything happen to her. 
“How did you know?” Yvette asked. 
“To tell you the truth, it was my doing,” Lyna admitted calmly. Since Fabian had found out about her, there was no need for her to keep a low profile anymore. 
Yvette could not help but swallow hard. There’s no way Fabian will let Lyna off after she caused Hannah’s miscarriage. Is this woman trying to take me down with her? On second thought, Fabian may be no match for Lyna, considering that she was able to escape unscathed. If I work with Lyna and show up as Fabian’s savior, he will become mine, won’t he?

###Chapter 1401
Chapter 1401 
Yvette asked, “What’s your plan?” 
Having gotten exactly what she wanted, Lyna smiled excitedly as she envisioned the pain on Fabian’s face after losing Hannah. 
This stupid woman Yvette regards herself so highly, thinking she can make Fabian hers just because she’s a celebrity. Fine. Since Fabian plays his cards well, I’ll let you live out his games. What a tragedy that you won’t have his love. Even if Hannah can’t get him, neither can you, Yvette! 
Although Lyna had those thoughts, she kept the same expression on her face and said, “I’ll work with you to make Hannah leave Fabian, then you’ll take her spot. After that’s done, you’ll give me one billion, and I won’t ever appear in front of you and Fabian again. How’s that?” 
“Okay. I’ll work with you.” Yvette nodded. 
Meanwhile, Hannah, who was lying on the hospital bed, opened her eyes groggily. After coming round, she felt that something was amiss but could not figure it out. 
“Shh. We’ll talk about it later. Let’s go in first.” 
Suddenly, Hannah heard Fabian’s voice and could not help but wonder if he was hiding something from her. 
Then, she closed her eyes and pretended to be unconscious. 
After the doctor checked her condition, he walked out with a solemn look on his face.
Fabian followed him outside, but the door was left ajar, so Hannah could clearly hear what they said in the corridor. 
“How’s she, doc?” Fabian sounded anxious. 
The doctor sighed and replied in a serious tone, “The miscarriage has damaged her uterus, so it may lead to infertility in the future. But I can’t say for sure. As long as she takes care of her body well after this, she might still have a chance to get pregnant.” 
At this, Hannah felt like her world was falling apart. Shaking her head, she could not believe what she had heard. 
“How could it be? How could it be?” 
Why is this happening to me? My happy life has only started, so how could it end just like this? Fabian’s the president of a company, and he’ll definitely want an heir. 
Feeling sorry for Fabian, she started to blame herself for failing to protect her baby and herself. 
She couldn’t be bothered to hear Fabian’s reply to the doctor’s words anymore. When Fabian came back in and saw her crying, surprise crept up his face, but he soon acted like nothing had happened. 
“It’s okay, Hannah. We’re still young. We only lost the baby because it’s not the right time yet. We can have as many kids as you want in the future. After all, I can afford it anyway.” 
His attempt to downplay it irked Hannah, but she knew that he would definitely send someone to look after her if she made her true feelings clear. If that was the case, she would not be able to leave him. 
“Yeah, we’re still young.”
She nodded with a wry smile. So what if we’re young? I’m infertile, so I can only live alone for the rest of my life. 
“I had someone make you some nutritious food. Have some,” Fabian told her as he opened the food container and sat down in front of her. 
Nodding, Hannah pretended like everything was fine while Fabian fed her the food. 
Although Hannah seemed emotionally stable, Fabian was distressed deep down. He would rather see her defy him than watch her act like this. 
Fabian put off all company matters and paid no heed to Yvette and Lyna just so he could keep Hannah company. 
It was not until late at night that Hannah shed tears again after seeing that Fabian had fallen asleep. 
Early the next morning, Lyna called Heather. It was the first step of her plan with Yvette. They knew that Heather would not let Hannah be with Fabian if she was aware that Hannah would not be able to bear an heir for the Norton family.
###Chapter 1402
Chapter 1402 
“Hello, Mrs. Norton.” 
Lyna could not help but feel delighted at the thought of Hannah’s infertility. She had initially planned to make Hannah miscarry and set her up again afterward. To her pleasant surprise, Hannah actually became barren. She was so thrilled that she could not sleep for the entire night. 
“Who is this?” Heather asked dubiously as she did not make out that the caller was Lyna. 
“Mrs. Norton, it doesn’t matter who I am. I just want to let you know that the Norton family are about to see the end of their bloodline,” Lyna replied in a casual tone. I wonder how angry she will get upon learning the truth. 
“What nonsense are you spouting? Are you a scammer? How dare you try to cheat me?” 
After hearing Lyna’s words, Heather could not help but get infuriated, assuming that Lyna was a scammer. 
“Haha. Calm down, Mrs. Norton. You can just go to the hospital to find out if what I said is true,” Lyna suggested. 
At this, Hannah began to wonder if something had really happened to Hannah or Fabian. Fabian’s my only son. If he’s… 
Before she could say anything, Lyna went on, “To tell you the truth, your dear daughter-in-law is now infertile, but your dear son loves her. Hence, your family bloodline will end with your son.” 
Having said that, Lyna could not help but sigh. “I feel sorry for you. After all, you should be enjoying your life at this age, but sadly, you won’t be able to have a grandchild. How pitiful…”
Lyna’s words made Heather tremble in anger, and her phone dropped to the floor with a loud thud. Standing rooted to the spot, she was unable to regain her composure even after a long while. 
Hearing the noise from the other end of the line, Lyna could not help but smirk. It’s time for me to enjoy the show. After Hannah goes to the hospital and confirms that Hannah is indeed barren, she’ll surely think of a way to make her leave Fabian. 
“Get the car ready!” Heather instructed the butler after she came to her senses. 
Given that it was a serious matter, she wanted to find out the truth personally. If it was, she had to have a talk with Hannah. 
Meanwhile, Hannah was still in deep slumber because she only fell asleep after crying for a long time the night before. 
After waking up in the morning, Fabian instructed someone to prepare breakfast for Hannah before he left. 
Soon, Heather arrived at the hospital. Phoenix Group was the top company in the country, so she was greeted by the deputy director, who went up to her as soon as he saw her in the hospital, “Mrs. Norton, what brings you here?” 
“How can I not come after something so serious has happened?” Heather asked rhetorically. 
While on her way to the hospital, Heather had confirmed that Hannah was hospitalized, but she did not know the details. She was a little displeased that no one actually told her about the hospitalization of her daughter-in-law. 
The deputy director noticed her displeasure, so he said awkwardly, “I think Mr. Norton just doesn’t want you to worry.”
Heather glanced at him and stopped dwelling on it. Instead, she asked, “Anyway, how’s Hannah now?” 
The deputy director was in a tight spot as he did not know how to answer Heather’s question. What if Mr. Norton doesn’t want his mother to know about the truth? But I’ll be in trouble too if I don’t come clean with her. 
“What are you doing standing there in a daze? Answer me!” Heather prompted impatiently as the deputy director was still hesitating. 
“Yes, Mrs. Norton.” The deputy director swallowed hard and continued, “Ms. Hannah Young’s miscarriage has injured her…”
###Chapter 1403
Chapter 1403 
“What?” Heather asked agitatedly. Miscarriage? 
“Um, yes, Ms. Young had a miscarriage.” 
At this, Heather staggered backward with a dazed expression on her face and tears in her eyes. My grandchild is gone just like that? 
The maid accompanying her hurriedly stepped forward to support her for fear that she would pass out. 
“Mrs. Norton, I’m sorry for your loss,” the deputy director comforted her, feeling a little regretful for telling her the truth. 
“So tell me honestly, has Hannah become infertile?” Heather asked sorrowfully after a long silence. 
With a torn expression, the deputy director gave it some thought before he nodded firmly. 
Heather could not help but gasp as her heart sank. 
The grief she felt over the loss of her grandchild was greater than that of Fabian as she had always wanted an heir to the Norton family. 
“Take me to Hannah’s… ward,” she said, her voice breaking and her eyes tearful. 
Later, the door of Hannah’s ward opened with a click, and Heather emerged. Having lost her grandchild, she looked like she had grown a few years older and even appeared to have more crow’s feet. 
Hannah was still asleep, so she did not know that Heather had come.
Her swollen eyes from all the crying stood out against her pale face. 
Heather noticed the frown on Hannah’s sleeping face and knew how she must be feeling deep down. 
At the same time, the deputy director had brought over a chair and placed it next to Hannah’s bed. After Heather sat down, he left the ward with the maid. 
“Hannah,” Heather called out in a soft voice. 
After a while, she shook her head and lamented, “Poor girl…” 
Unable to hold back her tears anymore, she began weeping. 
“I know you’ve had a miscarriage because of Fabian.” 
In fact, Heather had already thought the matter through. She knew that the culprit who caused Hannah’s miscarriage must have done it out of jealousy of Fabian’s status. 
“But…” 
She stopped midsentence upon seeing that Hannah’s fingers twitched. 
However, Hannah remained asleep, so Heather continued, “But what should I do? Tell me what I should do as Fabian’s mother.” 
Heather had on a bitter expression. After Fabian’s father was arrested, he became the only man in the family. She thought that she could enjoy the rest of her life after he got married, but unexpectedly, something unfortunate happened to their family. 
“Hannah, you have to know that Fabian is the only man left in our family. He’s also the one who manages Phoenix Group and made it the top company in the country. Putting aside an heir, if I really let
the Norton family bloodline end with Fabian, I’d be too ashamed to face Fabian’s father and all the Nortons’ ancestors after I die.” 
A strong sense of depression came over Heather. Hannah is a really great person. Not only is she beautiful, but she’s also kind-hearted. She and Fabian are quite a match made in heaven too. But now that she’s barren, as the head of the Norton family, I can’t possibly let her stay in the family. 
“Hannah, I hope you won’t blame me for being cruel. You’ll understand when you’re in my position one day. I’m someone’s daughter-in-law too, so I know that this is unfair to you,” Heather went on after wiping the tears off the corners of her eyes.
###Chapter 1404
Chapter 1404 
“After you wake up, I’ll have a talk with you and give you a sum of money that’s enough for you to live a comfortable life abroad. I hope you won’t ever come back here again. After all, you should know that Fabian is very loyal even though he may seem a little indifferent. I’m afraid that you’ll affect him if you do. Please don’t blame me for being selfish. I really don’t have a choice. If you really love Fabian, y-you should leave him.” 
After speaking, Heather rose to her feet and walked up to Hannah to brush away the messy hair on her forehead before leaving. 
She did not know if Hannah could hear what she had said. In fact, she had only spoken because she felt sullen, bottling all her emotions up. Looking at Hannah, she could not help but feel sorry for her. That was why Heather told her those heartfelt words. 
But of course, she would still tell her the same thing after Hannah woke up. In order to ensure the continuation of the Norton family bloodline, she was determined to make Hannah leave even if Fabian would fall into misery again. 
“Fabian will get over it.” 
Sighing, Heather closed the door behind her. 
After she left, Hannah opened her eyes, and tears immediately raced down her cheeks. 
She had actually woken up when Heather called her name. Knowing that the latter must have something to say to her, she pretended to be asleep. 
At that moment, she flashbacked to the sweet times she spent with Fabian; when she fell sick, Fabian fed her chicken soup; when she insisted on eating at the roadside stalls, he accompanied her despite
his status and identity; when something happened to her, he was always the first to come to her rescue. 
As memories filled her mind, she felt increasingly agonized, and her body began to tremble uncontrollably. 
She did not even bother to wipe the tears off her face, allowing them to stream down her cheeks and land on the pillow. 
After some time, her pillow was soaked with tears. 
Taking a breath, she slowly got up. Her pale face indicated that she was not in good shape. Even her lips were drained of color and had cracked due to dehydration. 
Pushing back the blanket, she got out of bed and wore her shoes. After taking one last glance at the ward, she walked outside in a hospital gown. 
Earlier on, Fabian had sent Natasha over to the hospital, but the latter had been sitting outside the ward for fear of disturbing Hannah. 
“W-Why did you come out?” 
Seeing Hannah, who was looking pale and frail, Natasha hurriedly went up to support her. 
“Natasha.” 
Even until that moment, Hannah still did not realize that Natasha was someone sent by Fabian to protect her and still treated her like her own sister. 
“Don’t worry. I’m fine,” Hannah said with a forced smile. Yet, her voice was as feeble as that of a dying person.
“Hannah, you…” 
Natasha was heartbroken to see Hannah in such a state. Despite being an assassin, she was touched by how well the latter had treated her. 
Not giving Natasha any chance to speak, her pale lips parted as she instructed, “Natasha, send me home.” 
““Um, Mr. Norton said… Okay!” 
Natasha felt her heart wrench in pain at the sight of Hannah’s ashen face. It was as if a needle was pricking her heart that steeled from years of being an assassin. 
With Natasha’s help, Hannah soon left the hospital and got into a car. As she was wearing an inconspicuous hospital gown, no one noticed that the patient who left was actually the wife of Phoenix Group’s president.
###Chapter 1405
Chapter 1405 
“Hannah…” 
After they boarded the car, Natasha felt that something was amiss and wanted to ask Hannah the reason she insisted on returning home. 
Hannah placed her finger on Natasha’s lips. After taking a deep breath, she said, “You know what? My husband loves me the most.” 
The heartbroken Natasha replied, “I know, Hannah.” 
Shaking her head, Hannah rebuked, “No! You don’t know the things he has done for me!” 
Although Natasha couldn’t figure out the reason Hannah had brought up such an odd topic, she kept her concerns to herself and listened to Hannah. 
However, Hannah looked out the window and went dead silent halfway through their conversation. 
Natasha wasn’t too bothered by Hannah’s behavior because she thought their relationship had improved after Fabian rescued her. 
Little did Natasha know, Hannah had found out that she might not be able to conceive for the rest of her life. 
When the car pulled over in front of the villa, Hannah’s face puckered in pain. Her body ached just because the car had shaken after it was brought to a halt. 
With Natasha’s aid, she then alighted the car. She could finally return home; the house she was supposed to live in with Fabian for the rest of their lives.
The moment she stepped into the foyer, tears streamed down her cheeks as she was overwhelmed by the familiar surroundings. Fabian had decorated the entire place based on her requests. It was her first time here after the renovation, and she was pleasantly surprised. 
Hannah requested in a quivering voice, “Bring me to my room.” 
Natasha nodded and did as she was told. 
The moment Hannah opened the door to her room, the emotions associated with the countless memories she had in the room came flooding out again. 
Hannah moved away from Natasha and took a step forward, asking, “Why don’t you return to your room and let me take a short break?” 
Natasha, who was right behind Hannah, hesitated when she heard Hannah’s request. After giving it some thought, she nodded and said, “If you need anything, please let me know.” 
As Natasha’s room was right next to Hannah’s room, the latter would merely have to raise her volume to reach Natasha. 
When Natasha reached the door, Hannah’s muffled voice could be heard, requesting in a sincere manner, “Please keep my return between us for the time being. I’ll tell him when the time comes.” 
After a brief pause, Natasha agreed and walked out of Hannah’s room. 
Once she returned to her room, she wondered if she should report Hannah’s condition to Fabian because she felt that there was something amiss about her. 
All things considered, she decided to drop him a text. Natasha: Mrs. Norton has returned home.
Once she sent the text, she heaved a sigh of relief. Afraid that something might happen to Hannah, she thought it would be better to keep Fabian informed. 
Meanwhile, after Natasha left, Hannah sat on the edge of her bed and took out a document that was kept in the drawer of the nightstand. 
She guffawed as she held the divorce agreement that was prepared beforehand. 
Never would she have thought the thing she prepared after they were married would one day be of use. Initially, she thought she could spend the rest of her life by his side, yet things had taken a turn for the worst. 
“It’s going to be fine! Perhaps it’s just another bad joke from God!” 
Hannah tried to console herself, yet her eyes started brimming with tears once again. 
Gritting her teeth, she looked in the mirror and warned herself, “Hannah, can you stop crying? It’s so annoying!” 
She proceeded to place the divorce agreement on the coffee table in the living room. In fact, she had signed the agreement about six months ago. 
After she returned to her room, she opened her wardrobe and stuffed some clothes into her backpack.
###Chapter 1406
Chapter 1406 
Caressing her backpack with a bright grin, she muttered to herself, “I guess I’ll have to trouble you for one last time.” 
She had purchased that backpack of hers after joining the workforce. It had been through all sorts of adventures with her as a journalist and witnessed the ups and downs of her relationship with Fabian. 
When she turned around and saw the white wedding gown in the wardrobe, she felt a sense of despair. Perhaps because she had not worn it anymore after their wedding, it seemed so lonely in the wardrobe. 
Blinking her eyes, she retrieved the wedding gown and embraced it. 
“You’re coming with me!” 
The gown was a custom-made piece that Fabian had ordered for Hannah. It was the only wedding gown she had put on and also the only one she would ever wear. 
After that, she brought the wedding gown and the backpack with her as she left the room. 
Soon, the cab she hailed showed up. 
Staring at Natasha’s room, Hannah was worried that she would have a hard time searching for accommodation after her departure. Is she going to be fine? What about her language class? 
As she thought about it, she headed toward Natasha’s room. 
Hannah had her eyes glued to the handle of the door. After much hesitation, she decided to lock it. 
When Natasha heard the click, she jumped out of bed and sprinted over. Nonetheless, it was too late.
She tried to open the door, only to realize that she had been locked inside her room. 
“Hannah, is that you? Why have you locked me up?” Natasha yelled anxiously. 
Since she was an observant woman, no one could sneak into the house without alarming her. In other words, it was Hannah who did it. 
With that being said, she had a hard time figuring out the reason behind Hannah’s actions. 
Meanwhile, Hannah heard Natasha’s yells, yet she decided to ignore her. 
“Hannah, hurry up and open the door! What’s wrong? Why don’t you tell me about it? Perhaps we can resolve it, right?” 
As Natasha continued shouting, she searched high and low for a key in the room. 
“Are you sure?” 
Hannah was tempted for a few seconds, but she soon snapped out of her hesitation as she deemed Natasha’s suggestion impossible. What can I possibly do to turn the tables when there’s nothing Fabian can do about it? 
“Please take good care of yourself!” Hannah yelled before leaving with her backpack and the wedding gown. 
“Hannah! Please open the door!” 
Natasha screamed at the top of her lungs, yet she couldn’t hear Hannah’s voice anymore. 
Her heart skipped a beat when she heard the sound of a car engine. 
Could it be…
As she thought about it, she catapulted in the direction of the window. Once she braced herself for the potential impact, she jumped out of the window. 
She could feel a racking sensation as she landed on her back and rolled forward. In spite of the pain, she forced herself to keep going. 
Gritting her teeth, she pulled herself together with all her might and yelled, “Hannah!” 
Then she rushed in the direction of the entrance. 
Nonetheless, her effort was to no avail. By the time she walked out of the villa, she was greeted by the sight of the departing cab and the blazing trail left behind. 
Natasha was in a state of bewilderment. Why? What’s wrong with Hannah? Isn’t she in love with Fabian? 
Why did she leave without saying anything? Is this the way things work in Chanaea? 
Immediately after she snapped out of her daze, she reached for her phone and called Fabian. 
“Hello, Mr. Norton?” 
“Yes? What do you need?” 
Fabian, who was in the middle of perusing a pile of documents, had no idea about the sudden turn of events. 
Startled, Natasha asked, “Have you not received my text?”
###Chapter 1407
Chapter 1407 
“What is it?” Fabian asked, wondering if Hannah had regained consciousness. 
“M-Mrs. Norton has regained consciousness—” 
Putting his documents aside, he interrupted her, “Alright, I’ll head over immediately.” 
Knowing that he was about to hang up the call and rush over to the hospital, she yelled, “Wait! I’m not done yet!” 
“What?” 
Frustrated after losing the child, Fabian would have lost his cool if it weren’t because of his exceptional self-restraint capability. 
“Ms. Young left the hospital.” 
“What? She’s left the hospital? What kind of joke is this? Who the heck allowed her to be discharged? Send him my way immediately! If anything happens to Hannah, it will be the end of him!” 
He couldn’t keep his composure anymore because Hannah was supposed to have at least a week’s bed rest, given her frail state. 
But now that she had been discharged much earlier than that, her body might not be able to take it. 
“She didn’t acquire anyone’s consent to be discharged, insisting on going home. After we were back, she locked me in my room and left on her own.” 
Natasha knew that Fabian would be infuriated, yet she braced herself and told him the truth.
“Come again? Why the heck didn’t you report something so important earlier? Are you sure you’re a qualified bodyguard?” Fabian spouted harsh remarks at Natasha. 
No one could possibly remain calm when their beloved spouse had miscarried because of someone else’s malicious scheme. To make matters worse, Hannah had become barren. If something bad were to happen to her, Fabian would spend the rest of his life in guilt and sorrow. 
“I…” 
Natasha knew Fabian must have missed her text message because he was way too occupied. Moreover, she was the one at fault because she could have stopped Hannah from leaving the hospital by informing Fabian of her plan. 
“Where are you? Where was Hannah heading to?” 
Fabian had no time to reprimand Natasha. Instead, he needed to figure out Hannah’s current whereabouts to stop her from leaving. 
Unfortunately, Natasha had no idea. She answered, “I’m currently in front of the villa, but I’m clueless about her whereabouts.” 
Fabian hung up the call immediately and made another call to instruct his trusted aide. He yelled into the phone, “I want the entire city to be sealed immediately! Get in touch with those from the police station and get them to set up barricades on all major highways! Search for Hannah! If she’s not found, all of you will be terminated!” 
After ending the call, he headed out of his office and returned to the villa to gather all the details from Natasha.
He was overwhelmed by regret because he should have stayed with Hannah instead of returning to the company. 
Nonetheless, he had no choice because Phoenix Group was in the midst of a crisis after Lyna plotted against him. 
Should he fail to solve the issues in time, things might spiral out of control. Worst of all, the Norton family might not be one of the five prominent families anymore. Moreover, he needed to avenge Hannah too, so his trip back to his office was inevitable. 
Meanwhile, Hannah, who was in the cab, looked out the window and started weeping as she stared at the trees that were disappearing from sight. 
When she saw her favorite pizza joint, she reached her quivering finger out and pointed at it. 
The moment she figured out that she had lost the ability to conceive, her mind went completely blank. 
Because of her deep love for Fabian, she couldn’t bear to have him live a life without a complete family. 
She knew the proud man would not want to live a miserable life without a successor to inherit the empire he had built.
###Chapter 1408
Chapter 1408 
Unfortunately, she couldn’t fulfill his wish because she had lost the ability to conceive. Should she continue to stay by his side, he would have to live a life filled with regrets. 
As she thought about it, torrents of grief streamed down her cheeks once again. 
Passing by the streets, she could vividly recall her memories with Fabian. 
Those sweet memories had morphed into heart-wrenching ones after she realized that she couldn’t spend the rest of her life with the man she loved. 
Meanwhile, as Fabian rushed all the way back to the villa, a sense of dread overcame him. Hannah, I’m coming now. Please don’t do anything reckless! 
When he showed up at the entrance, Natasha rushed over and greeted, “Mr. Norton…” 
She recounted the entire timeline of the incident, including the things Hannah had said because she felt that those were intended for Fabian. 
Having listened to everything, he rushed into the villa immediately. He had a hard time believing that Hannah had left him. Deep down, he felt as though she was still anticipating his return to the villa. 
Nonetheless, he had no choice but to accept the harsh reality because the goofy and lovely woman, who was all smiles whenever he was around, was nowhere to be seen. 
As if drained of all energy, he slumped onto the ground. At that moment, he was just like any other man who had lost his most beloved woman.
I’m the reason she left. That silly woman doesn’t want me to live with the regrets of not having a complete family. 
In his trance, he saw Hannah supporting herself with all her might, bidding farewell to him, “Goodbye, Fabian. It’s over.” 
Hannah, you’re wrong! Not being able to have a child is nothing compared to losing you! I can’t possibly live a life without you! 
At that thought, his eyes started welling up, and only then did he realize that he was capable of feeling emotions too. 
When he raised his head, he was surprised to see that the coffee table in the living room had been tidied up, and his goblet was nowhere to be seen. In its place was a stack of agreements. 
The moment he walked over, his eyes widened in disbelief upon realizing that it was a signed divorce agreement. 
Supporting himself while perusing the agreement, he was forced to accept the fact that Hannah had left for good. 
“Hannah, you’re such a foolish woman!” 
The man’s voice cracked as he sobbed. 
After tearing the divorce agreement into pieces, he cast them into the dustbin and muttered to himself, “I will never get a divorce! You will always be Mrs. Norton!” 
He was determined to locate Hannah and tell her how he felt about her. Then they would be able to put everything behind them and spend the rest of their lives together.
Seeing the state Fabian was in, Natasha started blaming herself. Even at that point, she still couldn’t figure out the reason behind Hannah’s departure because she wasn’t even aware of her miscarriage. 
In the midst of her helplessness, she received a call out of the blue. 
The call took everyone in the living room by surprise when it broke the dead silence. 
Reaching for her phone, she was about to hang up the call but hesitated when she saw that it was a call from the company. Fabian had merely dispatched her to the company to keep Hannah safe, so it didn’t make any sense for the senior editor to call her when she was never assigned any other tasks. Could it be… 
Once the thought crossed her mind, she frowned and decided to pick up the call. 
“Hello, is this Ms. Roma?” 
Reluctantly, she answered the question, “Yes.”
###Chapter 1409
Chapter 1409 
“Ms. Young has instructed me to transfer the ownership of her property to you. Can you drop by the office to collect the keys if you’re ?” 
“Huh? Ms. Young? Are you talking about Hannah?” Natasha hurriedly asked, anxious to find out about Hannah’s whereabouts. 
Similarly, Fabian’s eyes flickered when he heard Natasha mentioning Hannah’s name. 
The person on the other end answered, “Yes!” 
“Can you still get in touch with her?” Natasha queried. 
“I’m afraid that’s impossible because she contacted me about twenty minutes ago. When I tried to revert back to her, she had switched off her phone.” 
Natasha was disappointed by the person’s reply. With her eyebrows furrowed, she answered, “Okay. Thanks.” 
When she saw Fabian looking at her inquisitively, she told him everything. 
Natasha was shocked by the fact that Hannah had taken her into consideration and arranged her accommodation even though she decided to leave. 
Shaking his head while leaving, Fabian murmured to himself, “You have always been a kind-hearted woman.” 
“Hahaha! This is great! What wonderful news!”
When Lyna and Yvette heard that Hannah was gone, they let out a deep breath, relieved that their efforts had finally come to fruition. 
Lyna sneered, “You should have seen this coming for claiming the title of Mrs. Norton when you’re just a nobody!” 
She held a grudge against Hannah because the latter saved Winson and took away the things that were supposed to be hers. But worst of all, Hannah snatched her fiancé away. Therefore, Lyna had only one goal in mind—to take Hannah out. 
Identically, Yvette resented Hannah for her misery. She was merely a step away from getting married to Fabian and becoming a top-notch celebrity, yet Hannah’s appearance had turned her life upside down. 
Yvette remarked sarcastically with a contemptuous look, “Ha! She deserved it for picking a fight with the wrong foes! If it weren’t because of Fabian, she wouldn’t have lived until today!” 
“Fabian’s the next one on the list!” Lyna announced with her eyes narrowed to a slit. 
Yvette knew she wasn’t as intelligent as Lyna. Thus, in an attempt to figure out their next best course of action, she inquired, “What should we do?” 
“If I’m not mistaken, he’s going to send someone to come after us. However, I haven’t figure out what he’s up to. As long as we exercise caution and seize the opportunity to gain the upper hand, he’s going to submit himself to us eventually!” Lyna analyzed the situation with a serious expression. 
It was evident that she was intimidated by Fabian after her countless failed attempts to get the better of him. Each time, she ended up making a narrow escape, so she was determined to be more cautious this time.
Lyna was running out of money, but she was certain that Leo wouldn’t offer his aid for fear of offending Fabian. After all, Fabian was an influential figure in the corporate world, and Leo would never put the Blackwood family at stake for her sake. 
“What do you mean?” 
Yvette was on pins and needles when she heard Lyna’s words. At that instant, she felt a strong urge to flee the country with her savings. After all, she was an escaped prisoner. Should she be captured, she would be doomed. 
“What are you afraid of? You don’t think you’re the only one at stake here, do you? After causing Hannah’s miscarriage, do you think Fabian will show me any mercy?” Lyna asked rhetorically. 
How the heck did she rise to stardom? I guess she must have spent countless nights in bed with different men! 
Yvette was aware that Lyna’s rhetorical question was a double innuendo to reprimand her. Hence, she rebuked with her face puckered in irritation, “How am I supposed to calm down? Why can’t you explain everything clearly to me?” 
Why the heck do I have such an unreliable ally? She’s such a bimbo! Haven’t I made myself clear? Why is she having such a hard time understanding what I said?
###Chapter 1410
Chapter 1410 
Since Lyna desperately needed cash, she couldn’t afford to offend Yvette just yet. In fact, she planned to acquire a fortune through her unreliable ally. 
With that plan in mind, she had no choice but to keep her frustration to herself. 
Her lips twitched as she continued, “To keep it short and simple, we need to get someone to keep an eye on Fabian. No matter what he’s going to do, I’m pretty sure he will resort to some dirty tricks. Once we get our hands on the evidence, we can force him into submission!” 
Yvette nodded in return, but almost immediately, she shook her head and queried, “Are you sure there’s someone who dares to help us scheme against Fabian?” 
“What kind of joke is that? Do you think he’s the president of the country? I’ll work out something one way or another soon!” 
A vicious smirk loomed over her face as she was certain she could easily coerce someone to do her biddings. Nonetheless, she would have to bear some risks. 
Yvette nodded in response since Lyna was her only hope to turn the tables around. Should the worse become the worst, she would flee abroad. On the other hand, if they could achieve their goals, her life would take a turn for the better. 
“Any updates?” Fabian, who had reached the airport, asked his trusted aide. 
He replied, “Mr. Norton, we reached the airport five minutes after the call, but Mrs. Norton was nowhere to be seen.”
As his trusted aide was aware of the affection Fabian had for Hannah, he was pretty mindful of his words for fear of offending the quick-tempered man. 
Fabian furrowed his brows in silence and decided to stay there to wait for Hannah’s arrival. 
If she wants to travel abroad, this is the only accessible airport! As long as she’s here, I will find her soon enough! I just need to ensure she doesn’t leave this airport. 
However, contrary to his assumption, Hannah was traveling in a cab that seemed relatively miniature on a narrow track. 
Occasionally, she would see Fabian’s image in her mind, pleading in a gentle manner, “Hannah, please come back to me.” 
However, she shook her head and shrugged the man’s figure off her mind because she couldn’t carry out her duty as his wife anymore and no longer deserved him. 
“Fabian, if only all this is nothing but an awfully long nightmare…” 
If that was the case, instead of curling up in the cab, she might get to return to him and spend the rest of her life by his side. 
After staring ahead for a long time, she finally felt better, breathing in the fresh air in the outskirts. She shook her head and smiled, reminding herself to stop overthinking when everything had come to an end. 
When she left the hospital, she recalled her brother giving her the key to their mother’s old house. 
It was left behind by their mother when she passed on. According to Winson, their mother had insisted on passing the key to her because she felt indebted to her the most.
When Winson passed the key to Hannah, he said, “She has been blaming herself for not carrying out the duty of a mother and failing to find you. Therefore, she wants you to have this as a token of apology.” 
Hannah’s mind was all over the place when she received the key. Nevertheless, she decided to hold on to the keepsake for her beloved brother. 
Although she was supposed to feel liberated after leaving, an inexplicable sorrow overcame her instead. At the thought of going back to the desolated house, conflicting emotions rose in her. 
Staring at the sky, she whispered, “I guess everything is finally over…”
###Chapter 1411
Chapter 1411 
After starting on a high note, their relationship had been going well, yet it was brought to an abrupt end because of an accident. 
Even though she was reluctant to acknowledge that she was barren, she couldn’t deny that her body had suffered serious complications after her miscarriage. 
He deserves a better woman. 
She was quite satisfied with her new abode. Now that she was returning to her old home, she could finally gather her thoughts without anyone’s interruption. 
“Mom, I guess you must have regretted losing me back in the day. But it’s fine because I’m finally home now, so you don’t have to search for me anymore.” 
Meanwhile, Fabian, who had been waiting for over an hour, grew anxious because Hannah was still nowhere to be seen. Beads of sweat started forming on his forehead. It means Hannah has no intention to go abroad! If that’s the case, where could she be? 
He felt lightheaded and started massaging his temples to calm himself down. Subsequent to a long night, he spent the entire day working and started searching high and low after receiving the bad news. Therefore, he hadn’t had any meal since the previous night. 
Fabian gritted his teeth and beckoned his trusted aide over, instructing in a cold tone, “Head over to the highway immediately!” 
“Sir, you need to take good care of yourself. The company has to deal with lots of ongoing issues, and we need your guidance. Why don’t you let the subordinates handle this matter instead?”
Fabian’s chauffeur had been working for his father for many years. Perhaps he was the only one who had the guts to bring up such advice. 
“I’ll keep that in mind, Louis,” Fabian replied nonchalantly as he couldn’t be bothered with the company’s situation at all. 
He had only one goal in mind—to locate Hannah at all costs. 
Heaving a sigh, Louis took note of Fabian’s instructions and headed over to the highway without further ado. 
At the other end of the city, Hannah had returned to the house her mother left her. As she opened the door to the desolated place, she couldn’t help lamenting. It seemed as though destiny had brought her back after all the years. 
“Miss, where should I place this?” 
Seeing her pale face, the driver got out of the cab and carried Hannah’s wedding gown and backpack for her. 
“Just hand them over to me. Thank you so much,” Hannah replied with a smile and took her belongings from the driver. 
“You’re welcome. If there’s nothing else you need, I’ll get going. I saw two people at the entrance of the village. Perhaps they need a ride back to the city.” 
“Have a good day.” 
Hannah showed the driver the way out. Staring at the distant cab, she murmured, “I guess there are a lot of conscientious men, huh?”
Immediately after her return to the desolated place, she grew fond of it. The furniture in the house was all made of wood. 
After another hour of searching, Fabian started panicking because he still couldn’t locate Hannah. He had dropped by the two places she frequented the most, yet she was nowhere to be found. 
He had also sent someone to pay her parents a visit, but they weren’t aware of anything at all. Other than that, he also tried calling Helen, but she was oblivious to Hannah’s disappearance too. As for the Blackwood family, he knew that it would be pointless to ask them. 
When Fabian ran out of ideas, one of his trusted aides sprinted over to his side and informed him with a serious expression, “Mr. Norton, here’s the outcome of our investigation. Yvette should be in one of these three particular locations. Shall we…” 
Suddenly, his trusted aide went dead silent upon noticing the sharp glint in Fabian’s eyes. The latter emanated an intimidating presence as his face contorted in irritation. 
If it weren’t because of Yvette and Lyna, Hannah wouldn’t have miscarried in the first place. My innocent child wouldn’t be dead before he even got to see the world! And Hannah wouldn’t be missing as well!
###Chapter 1412
Chapter 1412 
Burning with rage, Fabian could barely suppress his urge to take his wrath out on the vicious duo to avenge his loved ones. 
Glaring at his trusted aide with his pair of bloodshot eyes, he yelled, “Take them into custody at once! I want to skin them alive and get them to beg for mercy for the things they have done!” 
His trusted aide felt a chill running down his spine. Looks like Mr. Norton is truly enraged this time. 
Previously, Fabian would take his foes out through legal means. He would collect the evidence of their wrongdoings and hand them over to the police. Never had he resorted to such brutal ways to punish his enemies. 
After much consideration, his trusted aide replied, “Yes!” 
When his trusted aide was about to carry out his instructions, Fabian yelled, “Wait!” 
His trusted aide quickly turned to him. 
“Gather everyone around and put the mission on hold for the time being! I’ll let Yvette and Lyna off the hook for now!” 
Fabian narrowed his eyes into a line, and there was a hint of malice in that smirk of his. 
Since they had turned his life upside down and sow discord between Hannah and him, he would never let them off the hook. He called off the operation merely because he had better ideas to torture them for the things they did.
Hannah took a seat on the chair and started panting heavily after tidying up the place. Her late mother’s photo was on top of the table in the living room. 
“Mom…” 
Staring at her late mother’s photo, she announced, “I’m home, Mom… I should have long made my way back to keep you company! If only I had been more decisive and severed ties with him, I wouldn’t end up this miserable.” 
As she thought about the turn of events, she couldn’t help letting out a sigh. After they were married, she was the only one in Fabian’s mind. They shared a mutual affection for one another, yet things spiraled out of control when the best was about to come. 
“Mom, have I made the right decision? Will Fabian be heartbroken like me? Is he going to fall into a cycle of despair again?” 
Overwhelmed by the tidal waves of emotions, Hannah felt as though there was a weight on her chest suffocating her. 
“Since he made it through the last challenge, he’s going to be fine, right? After all, I was the one who helped him to move on from his past relationship. I’m sure he’s going to encounter another woman in his life who will help him to move on from our relationship.” 
Halfway through her speech, Hannah chuckled and asked, “Mom, that woman would be so lucky to have Fabian to herself! I wonder if Lyna is going to show up and ruin their relationship again.” 
As she thought about it, she burst into laughter. 
“Hahaha! Lyna, I can’t believe you’re the mastermind behind our misfortunes all this time! Initially, I had my doubts about Winson’s words and thought he was just picking on you because of his own grudges!
It must have been tough for you to put on the facade for so long, huh?” 
Hannah had always considered Lyna as her sister. But to her surprise, Lyna had merely been acting in front of Hannah in order to scheme against her. 
She found Lyna’s semblance and her foolishness laughable. Because of her own naiveness, she gave others the chance to set her up. If she had figured out Lyna’s actual goals earlier, she wouldn’t have miscarried and then left Fabian. 
Chuckling, Hannah remarked sarcastically, “Is this all part of my destiny?” 
I guess Lyna was just one of the many obstacles God had imposed on our relationship to break us apart! It would have turned out the same way even without Lyna’s interference! 
As she consoled herself, she started feeling better. 
“Miss, the ones who were sent to keep an eye on Ms. Blackwood have been dismissed. What should we do next?” a man in black reported the situation to Lyna. 
“Huh?” 
The confused Lyna had a hard time comprehending the rationale behind Fabian’s action. Why did he send them away? Does that mean he is going to take Yvette out soon? 
Wait! If that’s the case, shouldn’t he send more men over instead of dismissing them? What if Yvette runs away?
###Chapter 1413
Chapter 1413 
Is Fabian giving up? But how is that even possible? I’m sure he holds a grudge against us after the things we have done! He will never forgive us! 
Lyna was in a state of bewilderment because of Fabian’s seemingly absurd decision. She then instructed the man in black in a serious tone, “Continue keeping an eye on them and report every single detail to me!” 
“Yes!” 
After the man left, Lyna shook her head as she contemplated the situation. 
She knew she couldn’t afford to let her guard down because it might be another trap to lure her out 
Hannah spent the next few days in the house left by her mother. When she was bored, she would talk to her late mother’s photo since she had no cell phone and television. Occasionally, she would head out for a stroll in the courtyard. Staring at the fields of green enabled her to gain a sense of serenity, especially when it was a day with great weather. 
After moving into her late mother’s room, she felt an inexplicable sense of familiarity with the items in it. It was as though every one of them was embedded with her late mother’s soul, enabling her to feel her late mother’s presence in the room. 
Over the past few days, Hannah had gathered her thoughts and gotten used to the simple lifestyle, which reminded her of how people lived during ancient times. 
Nonetheless, she had yet to move on from her relationship with Fabian. She knew it would take a long time to get over the fond memories she had of him. Everything will fall into place sooner or later.
While Hannah had started to let go of the past, things were tough on Fabian’s end as he had not stopped searching for her. 
During the first two days after Hannah’s disappearance, Fabian went into stealth mode. He disregarded everything, including company matters, and refused to answer his mother’s calls. As he refused to waste his time sleeping, he would take a short nap in the car whenever he couldn’t take it anymore. More often than not, he would be roused from his sleep by nightmares. 
Eventually, he fell into despair and started drinking to numb himself from the pain he felt in the hope of getting momentary salvation and relief. 
He blamed himself for Hannah’s miscarriage and disappearance. If I had taken Lyna and Yvette into custody sooner, Hannah wouldn’t have ended up like this. 
On top of that, he knew that Hannah had fallen victim to Lyna and Yvette because of him. 
Right then, he was in a pub with a dozen of shots on the bar. After gulping everything down, he could barely walk properly. He then started ridiculing himself, “You’re such a wimp, Fabian! No! You’re worse than a wimp because you can’t even keep your woman safe! What makes you think you’re able to lead the rest of the staff?” 
“You’re a wimp, a jerk…” 
He swiped everything off the bar and yelled hysterically to vent his suppressed emotions. 
Suddenly, a man showed up at the entrance and announced in a courteous manner, “Mr. Norton, Yvette is here for an audience with you.” 
When he heard the man, he turned around and enunciated his reply, “Send her my way immediately!”
Once he dismissed the man, he started drinking again. 
It was a day with great weather, which was a stark contrast to Fabian’s mood. Yvette showed up at the entrance of the bar in a white tulle dress that complimented her busty figure. 
Yvette was the perfect example of a self-centered and imbecile fool who thought she was the center of everyone’s attention. 
Just because Fabian had not taken any action against them, she thought he had given up on Hannah and that it was her chance to return to him. 
Whenever she recalled the days she spent in fear, Yvette would get upset. Her career was brought to an abrupt halt when she was merely a step from being the best in showbiz. Thus, she had no intention to give up just yet. 
Perhaps because Yvette’s social circle had relatively less drama or because she was overly na?ve, she actually thought that Fabian had given up on getting his revenge. 
Little did she know that he only temporarily let them off the hook because he was occupied with finding Hannah.
###Chapter 1414
Chapter 1414 
Some women tended to let their imagination run wild, and Yvette happened to be one of them. She actually assumed that Fabian had forgiven them. 
The man instructed in a cold manner, “Follow me!” 
It was evident that he was irked by her presence. After all, she was the reason his boss had fallen into a vicious cycle of despair. 
Yvette glared at the person and warned him, “Where are your manners? As soon as I’m a member of the Norton family, I’ll fire you!” 
After searching the entire city, Hannah was nowhere to be found, and Fabian resorted to drowning his sorrows with alcohol. 
“Hannah, why did you make such a rash decision?” 
As he called her name over and over again, he burst out laughing. 
He would rather have Hannah by his side to keep him company and love him wholeheartedly than have a child. 
When Yvette showed up, she saw a drunkard who could barely pull himself together. Giggling, she approached him and wrapped her arms around him. “Fabian, why are you drinking so much? Don’t you know that it’s not good for your health?” 
At first, Fabian thought Hannah had come back to him.
When he raised his head and noticed that it was Yvette, he yelled, “It’s none of your business! Where’s Hannah? Where’s the woman I love the most?” 
What the heck? Stop getting in our way when you’re not even around anymore, Hannah! Yvette gritted her teeth, replying with a superficial smile, “I think Hannah left for some reason. What do you see in her anyway?” 
Fabian raised his volume as he spoke, “What does this have to do with you? Stop getting full of yourself and poking your nose into my business!” 
He was utterly disgusted by the woman in front of him. 
Suppressing the urge to take things out on her, he wanted her to get out of his sight as soon as possible. 
However, Yvette stomped her feet and pursed her lips coquettishly. “Fabian, why are you ignoring me when I’m on par with Hannah in every aspect?” 
“Stop comparing yourself with Hannah and get the hell out of my sight at once!” 
Having said that, Fabian gave Yvette a shove. With that, she fell to the ground, tears streaming down her face from the pain. 
“I’m the woman you love the most and the perfect match for you! This will never change!” 
Sneering, Fabian found her words hilarious because Hanna’s background had never concerned him. He deemed those who leveraged their marriage for their own benefit wimps. 
He staggered his way back to his chair and instructed after he took a seat, “Get out of my sight at once! Stop pushing your luck and challenging my limits!”
Yvette gritted her teeth and took a deep breath to calm herself down. 
Seconds after she regained her composure, she stated in a gentle tone, “Fabian, Hannah might have left you, but I’ll always be here for you!” 
“What brings you here today?” 
Fabian was about to lose his cool because the woman who was the cause of his misery had shown up before him. 
“I heard that Hannah left, so I dropped by to see if you’re okay.” 
Fabian almost burst out laughing when she made it sound as though she was there because she sincerely cared about him. 
In actual fact, she was merely there to laugh at his misfortune. After all, she was the reason behind his current pathetic state. 
When Yvette caught a glimpse of Fabian’s wrathful look, she knew she had gone overboard. However, she had no choice but to help him up and carry on with her act. 
The moment she inched over to him, he pushed her away and pointed in the direction of the entrance. 
“You really need to get out of my sight. Otherwise, get yourself prepared to face my wrath.” 
He only decided against getting rid of the vicious duo because he had a better plan to deal with them. Since one of them had her eyes on the Blackwood family’s inheritance, he was determined to stop her from getting it. Similarly, he would support the self-centered one and allow her to rise to fame once again. Then, when she thought she was about to reach the prime in her life, he would drag her down until she became a nobody.
Naturally, those were nothing more than a tentative plan because the drunkard fell asleep on the bar again.
###Chapter 1415
Chapter 1415 
It had been many days. Even so, he could not find Hannah, and the yearning in him grew to the point he could not sleep. When he shut his eyes, the image of Hannah would appear in the darkness and break his heart. 
“Hannah, where did you go? I can’t find you. How am I supposed to live the rest of my life without you?” he mumbled as he lay on his arm. 
“Are you going to fall into a slump without Hannah? What happened to the past you? Did he die?” 
Right as Fabian was drowning himself in his own melancholy, a sharp voice exploded right by his ears. 
Reluctantly raising his head, Fabian shot a glare at the owner of the voice. Who’s so stupid to interrupt me at this time? 
“How can you be like this, Fabian? If Hannah finds out about this, she’ll never come back,” the person drawled. 
It was Jason. He was standing a distance away, staring at the drunk Hannah. His hands were clenched as if he was ready to punch Fabian anytime. 
“Ha. She won’t come back. She’ll never come back.” 
A self-deprecating laugh escaped Fabian before he returned to his sprawl. 
Anger surged in Jason’s heart when he saw Fabian’s state. What happened to the ruthless, witty Fabian? Is he going to stay like this forever?
Striding toward him, Jason then held Fabian’s head up and gazed at him solemnly. “Fabian, think. Where can Hannah go?” 
Fabian shook his head and shoved the other man aside. How can I possibly know where Hannah has gone to? If I do, why would I still be here, drinking? 
“Think about it. I’ve mulled over it. When Hannah left, she didn’t take any of her mother’s money, and none of the cards in your house are missing. Thus, Hannah only has several thousand in cash,” Jason pointed out. 
“I know, but what’s the point of you telling me these? Hannah’s gone. She’s gone. Do you understand that?” 
Fabian was devastated. Jason had come looking for him two days ago, trying to cheer him up. 
When he thought that Jason was still trying to cheer him up, Fabian could not help but roar in response. I can’t even protect the woman I love, so what’s the point of having power or money? 
“Fabian, sober up!” 
Jason was worried when he realized Fabian remained in the same state as he was days ago. 
“I’m sober. You can take over our company. From now on, the Phoenix Group is yours,” Fabian muttered. 
Nothing mattered to him anymore; his career and company meant nothing to him now. 
“Will you let me finish what I’m trying to say? Can you compose yourself?” Jason yelled as he lifted Fabian and shook him.
“You’re not a man if you continue to act this way! Hannah’s missing, but do you think you can find her if you keep this up? Will you be able to take revenge for her? Don’t you know why she left? She left because she wants a better life for you! She wants the Norton family to thrive. With how you are now, what’s the point of Hannah leaving?” 
Upon hearing Jason, Fabian widened his eyes and cried out, “Revenge. Yes, revenge.” 
Noticing his change, Jason sighed in relief. When he realized Fabian was coming to his senses, he continued, “Fabian, I think I know where Hannah is.” 
“Where is she?” Fabian hastily asked, looking more alert than previously. 
“Think about it, Fabian. Hannah only has so much money with her. She can’t do anything, but she’ll have to live somewhere, right? Where will she go?” Jason questioned. 
The moment Fabian thought about how Hannah was all alone without any money with her, an invisible hand crushed his heart. Even if you’ve left, you’re still so stubborn; you won’t spend my money. 
Staring at Fabian, who was deep in his thoughts, Jason continued, “Do you remember the trip we had?”
###Chapter 1416
Chapter 1416 
Realization struck Fabian like a bolt from the blue, and he exclaimed, “Do you mean the family home that Hannah’s mother left for Hannah?” 
Jason nodded. “That’s right. That’s where she’ll be.” 
Instantly, Fabian shouted to the outside. “Prep the car!” 
Before the last word was out of his mouth, Fabian had darted out like a d horse. 
That family home had somehow escaped his mind. Like what Jason had said, Fabian was sure that Hannah must be there. That place was the likeliest place he would see Hannah again. 
Like a candle in the dark, hope lit up in Fabian’s chest. 
“Wait for me, Hannah,” Fabian gritted out. 
Meanwhile, Hannah had no idea Fabian was already heading in her direction. In her family home, she was still reading a book by the table. Just then, her arm knocked over the teacup on the table and shattered it. 
Shaking her head, Hannah then slowly put down her book to start cleaning up the mess. 
Hm? 
While she was cleaning up the fragments, she spotted a piece of paper under the wooden table. It looked like a book, yet it looked like a piece of newspaper. 
Curiosity overwhelming her, Hannah reached out for it.
“Right here,” Hannah mumbled to herself as she took out a yellowing book from under the table. The book looked almost ancient. 
Hannah was perplexed. What is this? Why is it under the table? Clearly, someone is trying to hide it, but who’s the one who tried to hide it? 
Numerous questions filled Hannah’s mind, who then picked up the book and rushed toward the chair to start reading it. She did not even bother with the fragments of the teacup on the floor. 
My daughter is born today. She’s well and healthy. Looking at the way Leo was smiling while holding onto our daughter, I thought of a good name—Hannah. 
Hannah’s heart skipped a beat as she read the words. This… This is Mom’s diary? 
The date on the page was her birthday, and the name, Leo, was definitely referring to Leo Blackwood. 
Gulping, Hannah then continued reading. 
Hannah has a slight fever today. I stayed by her side until she fell asleep. I hope she’ll get well soon. 
Today, my dear Hannah… 
The stories in the pages were all ordinary incidents, but Hannah’s mother had recorded them all down. 
For a moment, the book in Hannah’s hands felt heavy. She knew this was her mother’s love for her. 
“I had never thought that Mom was as nice as this.” 
Right then, an image of a gentle woman emerged in Hannah’s mind. There, she had long hair reaching down to her waist, and she was standing in the wind, strong and fearless.
Mom must have been a beautiful woman, Hannah thought. The ones with good hearts won’t look ugly. 
Hannah flipped through the pages. I went to the hospital today. The doctor told me that I’m pregnant with a boy. Finally, I can bear a boy for Leo’s family. 
Hannah continued. Leo is drunk today. After he came home, I could smell a woman’s perfume on him. When I was taking off his clothes for him, I saw a lipstick mark on his shoulder. I know he must have found other women outside. He has been leaving the house early and coming home late recently. 
Another page. Leo hasn’t come back today again. It’s been three days. He only called to say that he’s working. I’m sure he’s with that woman. 
At this point, anger coiled in Hannah’s stomach. Although Leo was her biological father, she had never seen him as her father. Hannah Young never had a father as ruthless as that man.
###Chapter 1417
Chapter 1417 
“Leo, aren’t you one impressive man? How can you have an affair when Mom’s pregnant? What kind of man are you? What kind of father are you?” 
Hannah was boiling with rage. This was unfair to her mother. If she were her mother, she would have left the family with the kid. No. Before I leave, I’ll definitely teach him a lesson. 
My child is adorable. He has brows like mine and a face shape like Leo’s. He’ll be a smart boy when he grows up. Leo was thrilled, and he gave the boy a name—Winson. 
Reading it, Hannah nodded. That entry was when Winson was born. 
When Hannah continued reading, wrath exploded in her again. She gritted out, “Aren’t you one fine specimen, Leo? I’m so glad I didn’t admit that you’re my father. You’re ruthless! My mother has been with you through thick and thin. How can you do this to her?” 
On the yellowing paper was, I’m not at home today. I brought Hannah out. Leo brought a woman back. It’s better if I don’t see her. After this, I’ll talk to Leo. I hope things will go back to what it was before. I want to give Hannah and Winson a happy family. 
How could Hannah not be furious after reading that? Realizing that her anger was getting out of control, she tried her best to calm herself down. 
It took Hannah a long time before she recomposed herself and continued reading the diary. 
I had a chat with Leo, and I know what he wants. He doesn’t want that woman to leave. For my kids, I can’t leave too. I hope Leo will come back to his senses soon.
How can that woman force me to sign the divorce agreement in front of Leo? My kids are still young. I can’t possibly let them lose their father now. I ended up holding myself back. However, to my disappointment, Leo said nothing about it. It seems like there’s no love between us anymore. 
When Hannah turned to the next page, she realized that the paper seemed different. It was crumpled, and it seemed like it had once been damped. There were little words on it, but tear stains covered almost the entire page. 
Hannah had to lean closer to the paper to see the words on them. Hannah’s gone. I lost my Hannah, and it’s all thanks to that woman. I can’t believe she lost my kid! I’m going to look for her… I can’t let Hannah become an orphan. There’s a tag on Hannah, which has her name and my phone number. I hope some kind-hearted soul will send her back! 
By now, Hannah was gritting her teeth in fury. She could see how upset and guilty her mother felt back then just by looking at the tear stains and crumpled state of the paper. Although her mother did not write much about it in her diary, Hannah knew well what the despair of losing a child felt like. Mom must have cried a lot that day. 
That woman is trying to hurt my Winson now. No way am I letting her get her way. 
I can’t believe Leo believed in that woman’s words. He’s forcing me to eat some kind of medicine. That’s one thing, but why won’t Leo let me take care of my own kid? 
Recently, I’ve been wondering if there’s something wrong with the medicine that woman gave me. My chest tightens, and I can’t sleep at night. Is she trying to do something to me? 
Winson, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to do it. I didn’t mean to hurt you.
Hannah frowned when she read that, but she then realized Winson must have hurt himself while doing something. 
The next few entries were her mother’s recordings of Winson’s life. Whether she was taking care of Winson or her, her mother was meticulous and caring. Unable to help herself, Hannah thought, If only Mom’s still alive. 
Wait. This is written a week before Mom passed away. She doesn’t seem depressed, but they told me Mom committed suicide from depression. 
Now, Hannah was starting to doubt if her mother’s death had not been as simple as what she had heard. 
At the start, Hannah thought her mother developed depression because of Felicia and Leo.
###Chapter 1418
Chapter 1418 
However, after reading her diary, she realized Felicia might have been the one to kill her mother. Even her mother’s diary mentioned Felicia forcing her to take some medication. Could it be that… 
Hannah inhaled sharply. The more she thought about it, the angrier she became. 
Felicia and her drugs must have played a role in my mother’s death. Yes. It’s likely that happened, Hannah thought after putting the diary on the table. 
A moment later, she mumbled to herself, “That must be it. No. I have to find out what happened. I can’t let Mom die just like that. If Felicia has done something to her, I have to make sure she’ll be punished for it.” 
With her mind made up, Hannah then stood up and walked into her bedroom. After packing her suitcase, Hannah nodded to herself. She was ready to go to Baykeep to find out the truth behind her mother’s death. 
Hannah was a decisive individual. After packing her suitcase, she went to look at her mother’s photo, planning to talk to her before leaving for Baykeep. 
Right as the last few words to her mother left her lips, she heard someone urgently knocking on the door. Confounded, Hannah wondered, I don’t know any of my neighbors. Who’s the one at the door? 
Shaking her head, Hannah then thought, Maybe someone wants to borrow something. 
With that thought in mind, she walked toward the door. As the house she was in was an old one, the door was a wooden door with no peephole.
Right as Hannah opened the door, a man bolted into the house and hugged her tightly. At the same time, he shouted, “Hannah, it’s you! I thought I wouldn’t see you again.” 
It was Fabian, who had come for Hannah. 
Hannah’s mouth was hanging slack. For a moment, she thought she was hallucinating. Fabian? Fabian’s here for me? 
He’s really here. 
His embrace was still as warm as ever, and she had the urge to bury herself in his arms. 
Fabian loved Hannah, and Hannah loved him too. 
It took her a lot of courage to leave him back then, yet Fabian had found her again. Is this a message from God? 
But can I go back to Fabian? Can I really? 
The answer was no. 
Fabian was the only son of the Norton family, and Hannah could no longer bear children. She would only ruin him if she went back. 
With the kind of person Fabian was, he definitely would not abandon her. However, Hannah did not want to cling to Fabian selfishly. Fabian had to have an heir. 
At that, Hannah pushed him aside and coldly said, “Mr. Norton, please mind your actions. We have nothing to do with each other.” 
“Hannah, we…” Fabian muttered in disbelief as he gripped onto her arms.
Nevertheless, Hannah did not give him a chance to finish his sentence. She interrupted, “Mr. Norton, please call me Ms. Young from now on. I’m afraid others would misunderstand if you were to call me Hannah.” 
“Do you hear what you’re saying?” 
It was something Fabian never thought would have happened after finding her. 
Right then, Jason, who had come with Fabian, caught up. He chuckled before saying, “Fabian, you have to give Hannah some time. After all, it was such a major incident. Now that you know where she is, why do you have to be so anxious?” 
Fabian nodded after hearing Jason’s words. He then let go of Hannah before staring at her in silence. 
“Mr. Norton, if you have nothing else, then please leave. I’m about to leave too,” Hannah muttered, suppressing the way her heart was sinking.
###Chapter 1419
Chapter 1419 
“Sorry to bother you,” Fabian replied after a pause before he left with the others. 
By the time Hannah came out, Fabian had already hailed a ride for her, as he understood that she might be unwilling to travel in his car at this present time. 
“To the Baykeep city center, please.” 
Hannah ignored Fabian outright. She hopped into the cab herself and straightaway issued directions for the driver. 
Needless to say, Fabian followed close behind. 
She could no longer contain herself and started to sob quietly in the backseat. 
Why? Why must you let Fabian show up when I’ve made up my mind to leave? If you want us to be together, why have you made me barren? Are you playing tricks on me? 
Hannah was bemoaning inside. She was afraid that she would not be able to let go; afraid that she would falter and return to Fabian’s side. 
However, she knew if she went back to Fabian unwell, it would surely leave him with a lifetime of regrets. That was why she chose to pretend that she did not know him, so that it might make him feel better. 
An indeterminate amount of time passed before the cab Hannah was in steadily slowed to a halt. She then got off without delay. This time, she was returning to find out if Felicia had poisoned her mother. As she did not have an extensive network of contacts, she needed to come back to the company to
seek some help. Of course, she would require accommodations for both Natasha and herself as well, which they would also be able to provide. 
She wanted to find out the truth for herself so she might be able to see Felicia face the music. She would then return alone to the family home her mother left her where she would live out the rest of her life. That was the reason why she did not bring the wedding gown along with the rest of her own clothes. It would be easier for her to move around without the baggage. 
Hannah had only just stepped into the office building when she bumped into her own senior editor, Bob. The man was clearly surprised to see her. “Is that really you, Hannah? Are you coming back? I thought you’ve walked out on us for good.” 
As her superior, Bob naturally knew about Hannah’s departure, but was not sure what led her to do so and what happened in the aftermath. He was nonetheless happy to see her as with the absence of his president reaper, his team would soon be propping up the company’s food chain. 
“I’m back, Mr. Dijon.” 
Hannah was a little embarrassed as she had indeed been a little irresponsible, disappearing without informing her superior. She was primarily concerned that Fabian might try to get to her through her boss, but fortunately, the man did not take things to heart. 
“Good to have you back. Come on, let’s head up.” 
Bob enthusiastically explained that Fabian called to ask about her but made no mention of anything else. He thought Hannah had been taken away by Fabian and would not be returning. 
As Hannah was now the wife of a president, there was not much he could have said about it. He thought about calling to persuade her to stay on, but Hannah had gotten rid of her own phone a long
time ago. As such, he likely would not be able to reach her anyway. 
“We thought for a moment that you’ve quit, Ms. Young.” 
“Mr. Dijon had me stand in for you these past few days, but there’s too many things that I can’t manage well. I’m just glad to have you back.” 
Hannah merely nodded when her team members came up to Hannah to greet her with broad smiles. She received some updates from Bob before she returned to her own office. 
The first thing she did when she closed the door was flip open her notebook to find Natasha’s number. According to Bob, Natasha had left the company shortly after she did. 
Hannah gave Natasha a call as soon as she had her contact, as the latter’s departure had alot to do with her. 
The phone rang for quite some time before someone picked up. On the other end was Natasha’s accented Chanaease. “Hello, who’s this?”
###Chapter 1420
Chapter 1420 
Hannah was relieved that Natasha had not changed her cellphone number. “Hey Natasha, it’s me.” 
The excitement of the woman on the other end was apparent. “Hannah? Is that really you? Where have you been? I was so worried about you. Did you know that Mr. Norton was almost going crazy? Does he know that you’ve returned?” 
Natasha was guilt-ridden about losing track of Hannah. More than a mere dereliction of duty, the sense of loss was also personal. So how could she not be emotional at hearing Hannah’s voice? 
Hannah could not help but sigh. She could totally imagine how devastated Fabian must have been when she went missing. 
“No worries, it’s nothing. I just went away for awhile. How about yourself? Where are you now? I heard that you’ve left the very next day after I was gone. Are you still in the country?” 
Hannah tried very hard to mask her sense of contrite toward Fabian. 
“Oh, you don’t have to worry about me, Hannah. I quit and joined another company because I thought you’ve left. But I’m still here though.” 
Natasha intuitively knew how she ought to respond. 
“I see.” Hannah was a little disappointed, as she might have to put up at a hotel herself if Natasha had returned the keys. 
“Where are you staying now, Natasha? Don’t tell me that you are holed up at a hotel? Which company are you currently working at? If it isn’t too far away, you could stay with me.”
“Wow, good guessing. To be honest, I was a little down when you left after everything that happened cause you’re my only friend in the country, so I decided on a change of scenery. It doesn’t matter cause I’m really here just to learn Chanaease anyway, but the place where I’m working at now is a little small. Now that you’re back, I think I’d like to come back too, considering that I’m better suited for the work here,” Natasha explained. 
Her responsibility was to protect Hannah. Now that Hannah had returned, Natasha had chosen her words carefully so that she could continue to stay by her side. 
Hannah was completely in the dark about Natasha’s true identity and treated her like a younger sister. She was naturally delighted to hear that Natasha was willing to come back. “That’s great. I’d love for you to rejoin us and will go inform Mr. Dijon in a bit.” 
“Thank you so much, Hannah. I’ll get myself sorted out over here and be right over.” 
“It’s no trouble. You’re welcome.” 
Hannah smiled when she replied, but meant every word she said. It could only be a good thing for the company to have a foreign intern from an elite school. 
Natasha and Hannah continued to chat for a while more before they ended the call. The former went on to call Fabian as she was not certain if he was in the know about this latest development. 
“Hello? Mrs. Norton just called me, Mr. Norton. She’s back with the company.” 
Natasha wasted no time at all when the call got through. 
“Yes, I’m aware of that. And how did you respond?”
Fabian reckoned that Hannah would definitely ring up Natasha when she returned. He would feel much better to have Natasha working alongside Hannah. 
Hannah was practically ignoring him now and would surely not return to the Norton Residence at night. He therefore concluded that she must have had the company make arrangements for a place to stay as well. 
“I’ve asked to go back to work and Mrs. Norton had agreed. I’d be staying together with her as well.” 
Fabian nodded assertively. “Halcyon Hotel, Room 505. Head on in when you arrive.” 
Natasha understood him right away, as it was the same as last time. That was where she should pick up her luggage from. 
After she hung up, she made straight for the company–where Hannah was at, as ensuring Hannah’s safety was paramount.
###Chapter 1421
Chapter 1421 
Meanwhile, news of Hannah’s return to the company had begun to spread. Xavier appeared distant as he held the phone inside the Jackson Group president’s office. “Alright, understood.” 
As a president who had spies abound, he was privy to the situation surrounding the woman that he very much fancied. He saw this as a chance for him to make Hannah his wife, as it seemed impossible now for her and Fabian to reconcile. 
Reservations on the part of Heather had profoundly affected Hannah. 
Owing to Hannah’s compassion, she would doubtlessly distance herself from Fabian, which would open up the opportunity for Xavier himself to woo Hannah. 
He did not mind that Hannah could not conceive, as he was mad about her and did not see her as a child bearing tool. Worse come to worst, they could always adopt. He believed that love was the key to marital bliss. 
Besides, Xavier’s situation was unlike Fabian’s. The former still had a younger brother, so he did not have to worry as much about succession. Even if his own brother was not keen on taking over the reins, his nephew would have come of age and should be able to hold his own when the time came for Xavier to retire. 
With his mind set on seeing Hannah, Xavier called up Bob to arrange to have her conduct an exclusive interview with himself. 
“What? Say that again!” 
Not everyone was happy to learn that Hannah was back. Fabian and Xavier, the ones who loved her, were obviously ecstatic, but not so much those who plotted against her.
“Hannah Young’s back, and I’ve already called her company to ascertain this. Why would I kid around with stuff like that?” 
The person sounded forthright enough over the phone. 
“Alright, got it.” 
Lyna exhaled as she hung up. 
The clouded expression on her face had Yvette concerned. “What’s wrong? Did something happen?” 
Yvette stuck around with Lyna because she hoped to be able to receive Lyna’s help. She understood that the way back to Fabian was something she would not be able to manage on her own. 
“What’s wrong? Hannah’s back at work and… Fabian’s hired someone to stay close to her for her protection. We won’t have any more chances to strike.” 
Lyna had an ominous look on her face. Hannah’s resurfacing was vexing for her. 
“What? Hannah’s back?” 
Yvette staggered and nearly fell over, dazed by what she heard. How was she ever to get back with Fabian if that were true? Was this some kind of sick joke? 
However, she was not about to throw in the towel. “Why would she do that? Why would Fabian still want her if she’s incapable of conceiving? Moreover, would Heather agree to their marriage?” 
“How am I to know all that? Wouldn’t I want to know exactly what was she doing back here in the first place? Is she that shameless, returning to Fabian’s side knowing well that she’s incapable of giving him children? This is insane!”
Lyna was flustered at Hannah’s return as it derailed all of her plans and left her without any contingencies lined up. 
Yvette gnashed her teeth. “Why don’t we hire someone to …” 
She then drew a finger across her own throat. 
When Lyna saw that, she cussed silently and wondered if her counterpart was a damn idiot. Sending an assassin after Hannah right now? Are you suicidal? Isn’t it obvious enough that Fabian would be extremely guarded against us at this very moment since he just got Hannah back?
###Chapter 1422
Chapter 1422 
Fabian had sent someone to protect Hannah. Do you think you could find someone more skilled than the one he has hired? 
“I won’t try to stop you if you have a death wish.” 
Lyna did not mince her words. If she had no further use for Yvette, she would not have bothered with her at all. 
“Then, what should we do?” 
The ticking off had its desired effect, as Yvette had realized how unrealistic this was. 
“What shall we do? We wait for Fabian to make his move.” 
Lyna exhaled as she was increasingly less assured of herself. 
She had been at the losing end every time she crossed swords with Fabian thus far. There was no way that man would let her off this time after she had caused Hannah to miscarry, so she was even more anxious than Yvette was. 
“What if Fabian doesn’t?” 
Yvette had a strong feeling that after this round, she might have lost Fabian for good. 
“Impossible. I would bet everything that he would. He didn’t before because he was grieving after losing Hannah. Now that she’s back, we can expect him to take action. Any father who lost his child would tread on the path of vengeance. How could any less be expected of Fabian Norton?”
Lyna was confident of her own analysis. She was in no doubt that Fabian would move against them, so their anticipation of his timing would be crucial. 
“Okay. I’ll go tighten the security around us.” 
Yvette appeared thoughtful as she nodded. She went along as she saw the logic behind Lyna’s words. 
She was genuinely terrified of death. As much as she desired to marry into the Norton family and gain unprecedented power and prestige, there would be no point to it if she could not live to enjoy them. 
Lyna almost suffered a stroke just listening to Yvette, and was barely able to resist giving two tight slaps to this dumb teammate of hers. 
She spoke while she suppressed the anger burning inside, “I think you’d be better off getting more people to document the evidence of his crimes. We’ll need just a couple of skilled men for our own protection.” 
Yvette acknowledged her before she headed out of the house. “Hmph. You can die for all I care but don’t drag me into the grave with you. Do you really think a couple of men would be enough? Are you shitting me? Do you think Fabian’s playing house with us?” 
Yvette’s dissatisfaction with Lyna was festering inside. Do you think I enjoy putting up with you? I would’ve exposed you long ago if I didn’t need to depend on your schemes. 
Hmph! When Fabian and I are married, the first thing I’d do is trip you over and have you spending the rest of your life behind bars. I won’t be giving you any chances to ruin me because you already know too much. 
By this time, Natasha had arrived. She made a beeline for Hannah’s office and knocked upon the door. 
“Please come in.”
Hannah was going through some files at her desk. Even though her team did much to help cover for her in her absence, the workload she had to handle upon her return was still considerable. She saw it as her responsibility to ensure that these were properly seen to. 
“Hey, Hannah.” 
Natasha hailed loudly at the woman who was busy editing the documents on hand. 
Hannah’s head jolted up. “Natasha!” 
She was subsequently on her feet and headed for Natasha with arms extended. 
“Are you okay?” Natasha asked as she held Hannah’s hands. 
“Of course I am. Can’t you see that I’m looking much better?” 
Hannah was touched by Natasha’s concern and twirled around just to prove her own point. 
“Yeah, that’s good to know. I was so worried when you disappeared on me.” 
“Hehe. Alright, aren’t I back already?”
###Chapter 1423
Chapter 1423 
Hannah laughed as she led Natasha toward her own desk. There was a significantly smaller one next to it which looked a little miserable inside the office. 
“This is the workspace that I’ve prepared for you. From now on, let’s work in here together,” Hannah said with a smile. 
“You’re so nice to me.” 
Natasha was moved. The notion of leaving her life of assassinating others behind to learn from Hannah and become a real assistant to her did cross her mind. 
“Alright, enough of this. I’ve already spoken to Mr. Dijon on your behalf. He’s happy to hear that you would be rejoining us and has also approved our leave. Come on, let’s go pack your things.” 
Hannah dangled the bunch of keys that the company had given to her in front of Natasha before she took her by the hand and led her outside. 
With the arrangements Fabian made beforehand, they got Natasha’s things sorted out with relative ease. As neither of them had been to the living space the company had assigned, they actually spent way more time trying to locate it. 
They finally made it to the unit after no small amount of effort. It was not particularly spacious, with just one room and living room, but adequate for Hannah and Natasha’s purposes. 
It was only after they had their luggage put away in the closet that they were able to take a breather. 
Though not comparable to the villa Fabian owned, Hannah was quite satisfied with her accommodations at present.
As for Natasha whose priority was to protect Hannah, she did not mind where she lived so long as she could remain close to Hannah. 
“It’s a little cramped here. Would you mind if we share the same bed at night?” Hannah asked. 
Natasha smiled and shook her head. “What are you saying, Hannah? You’ve been taking care of me for so long, so why would I mind?” 
That was her honest sentiment. Unaware of Natasha’s true identity, Hannah had already went well beyond her own obligations for one she knew only as an intern. 
Hannah chuckled before she regarded the young woman. “That’s good to hear.” 
Natasha smiled broadly. Hannah was to her, the kindest soul she had ever met. Her charms had profoundly affected this assassin’s heart. Natasha held back more than once against the smiling Hannah before she finally decided to ask, “I’m not sure if I should be probing, Hannah, but there’s something that I don’t understand.” 
Hannah regarded the tentative girl and guessed she might want to know the reason for her own sudden departure. 
She thought for awhile and decided that she should just be upfront about it. The truth had been pent up inside her for some time and she had wanted someone to confide in. It then became a question of who she might be able to speak to. 
Helen? That girl was too impulsive and tempestuous. It would be hard to predict what she might end up doing if she was told everything. 
What about her colleagues? They might be good for other less weighty issues but she could not possibly trust them with this.
But it was different with Natasha. She was an intern from Remdik, and through their interactions, Hannah found the girl to be trustworthy. For some inexplicable reason, she felt an almost familial type of bond with her. 
“Do you wish to ask why I’ve been absent for some time these last few days?” Hannah asked calmly. 
“Yes.” 
Natasha nodded without hesitance. She could not understand why Hannah chose to leave without a word when she and Fabian both loved each other so much.
###Chapter 1424
Chapter 1424 
She held Natasha’s hands and they slowly sat down by the edge of the bed. “Alright then. Today, I shall tell you my story.” 
She planned to recount everything that happened, beginning with her meeting with Fabian. 
“I was keeping tabs on Fabian, or should I say Mr. Norton, hoping to be able to secure an interview with him, but without luck…” 
“Afterwards, we entered a legally binding marital agreement in secret. We didn’t share any mutual feelings at that time.” 
“It was only later on that I found myself slowly falling for him, despite understanding that Chanaea’s a deeply class-conscious country, and our family backgrounds were worlds apart. It seemed neither possible for me to marry into the Norton family, nor for Mr. Norton to take a mere reporter as his wife.” 
“What surprised me was that somewhere along the way, little by little, Mr. Norton started to care more about me. Though he had never expressed it explicitly, I felt it intimately. However, when I considered my own social standing, I had to distance myself…” 
“Later on, I discovered that Mr. Norton really was in love with me. I was relieved, albeit a little worried, whether the love we had which transgresses Chanaea’s traditions would be able to stand the test of time. I had no answer for that. I was in a dark place, and afraid. I thought about avoiding him, as I dared not face him.” 
“It was until I’d met with Mr. Norton’s mother that I realized how much effort he had put into trying to convince her to accept me. At that point, I told myself that I couldn’t give up on this relationship so easily. If even he could persuade his own mother, what reason have I got to concern myself with what
anyone else thinks? So I’d decided there and then that I would confront any obstacle and always give the best of myself to him.” 
“But Fate is cruel. She doesn’t want everyone to be happy, or perhaps it was that I had been enjoying a run of good fortune that time that she decided that she needed to put our relationship to the test. We made it through, but there were three people who harbored ill intentions toward me, one of whom had hidden herself too well…” 
Hannah paused at this point. She really did regard Lyna like her own sister, and never did she expect that it was all mere pretenses. Hannah was furious when she finally discovered it, but she could only laugh at her own naivety. But all that did not bother her anymore. 
“Even that couldn’t stop us. I thought our love was bulletproof, except it wasn’t. Nobody else could destroy it, except me. I couldn’t get myself over the hump.” 
Hannah’s expression was tinged with shame and sadness, but she had no tears as they had already run dry. Perhaps she had come to accept that this was what Fate had decided? 
“Out of my own carelessness, I miscarried in that accident that happened not so far back. I killed my own child as a mother oblivious to her own pregnancy. In the aftermath, my body wasn’t the same. It’s likely that I would never be able to conceive again.” 
Natasha held her breath when she heard that. What? Miscarriage? And inability to conceive for life? 
Natasha may be a cold-blooded assassin, but she was also a woman. There was no way she could not be shocked by this, as maternal love was a woman’s instinct. 
As she regarded Natasha’s stunned expression, Hannah could not help but shake her own head. She was already past her own grief and regret because she knew there was nothing she could do to undo
what had transpired. 
“You know what happens when a family is childless, especially when you consider a man in Mr. Norton’s position. How could he be left without an heir to succeed his vast family empire?”
###Chapter 1425
Chapter 1425 
“They need a successor. As a single son, the responsibility to continue the family bloodline falls upon him. I can’t be so selfish as to get in his way. Wouldn’t you agree?” 
The last statement was meekly directed at Natasha as a question. Hannah believed she did the right thing. She could have returned to Fabian, but what was she to do if she was not able to bear him children in future? 
Natasha had the urge to rebut Hannah. As an observer, she strongly felt that none of this was of Hannah’s making, so for things to end this way for her was totally unfair. 
On second thoughts, Hannah’s goodhearted nature dictated that she would rather suffer the greatest agony for herself than allow Fabian to have any regrets. Natasha was certain she would not likely be able to persuade her, so after giving it some thought, she asked, “Since you’ve your mind made up, Hannah, why have you come back?” 
It was not as though Natasha did not want Hannah to return. Even though she was just someone who was working for Fabian, she was also a human capable of emotions. 
As much as she hoped for Hannah and Fabian to be able to reunite, it was not something she had any say in. All she could do was find out the impetus for Hannah’s return. 
She knew that it must have taken a lot on Hannah’s part to walk away, so there had to be a compelling reason why she turned back. This was something she could share with Fabian and indirectly aid Hannah in. 
Knowing Hannah’s character, she had to front this and keep Fabian’s involvement a secret, as Hannah would likely refuse his help.
“Phew!” 
Hannah exhaled, and her expression became solemn. “I came back because I have doubts about the cause behind my mother’s death. I suspect that Felicia could have been responsible for my mother’s death.” 
“I want to investigate this. If it is as I thought, I want to see justice done, so that my mother would not have died without accountability.” 
Natasha’s eyes darkened and a cold glint emanated from her eyes. How could such a gentle person be made to endure so much? How unjust are the heavens! How blind are the gods! 
Natasha had an impulse to go and confront the divines over this. There was nothing she wanted more than to hand over the people who had harmed Hannah and her mother to Fabian whom she believed would surely see to it that the culprits were duly punished for what they had done. 
Hannah was stunned by the murderous aura in the air and could not believe that it could had come off this petite girl. The look in Natasha’s eyes made her involuntarily shudder. 
She cleared her throat before she continued. “Don’t worry yourself with this, Natasha. I’ll handle this properly. Should I find out that my conjecture was true, I’ll hand the murderer over to the police so that I may restore my mother’s good name.” 
Even if Hannah’s face was not particularly expressive, Natasha could sense her helplessness. 
What did Natasha do for a living? She was an assassin! So she was naturally sensitive about such things. 
In spite of Hannah’s seeming detachment, she was deeply uncertain inside as to whether going about the investigation could be as simple as she imagined it to be. Her heart already said no, as Felicia was
not someone to be taken lightly. 
Though the woman did not wield much power herself, being the wife of Leo Blackwood, the head of the Blackwood Group, sufficiently made her a formidable adversary. 
It was obvious to Hannah that she had only herself to count on, and not much else to work with. With the state of her relationship with Fabian, she would not be looking to him for help.
###Chapter 1426
Chapter 1426 
She was unsure if she could source the information alone. Even if she could, it would be quite difficult for her to bring Felicia to justice. 
Felicia was Leo’s wife. If anything were to happen, Leo would certainly not stand on ceremony. With his wealth and manpower, Felicia would escape the situation unscathed as long as he could whip up enough cash. 
“Hannah, I understand everything. If you need any help, just tell me. I’m here for you,” Natasha assured her after giving it some thought. 
She decided to report what she heard to Fabian later. 
Hannah nodded and replied with a smile, “Of course I will.” 
But in actual fact, Hannah did not think Natasha could be of any help. After all, from her point of view, the woman was a foreign student from Remdik who was not familiar with Chanaea, so what kind of help could she possibly provide? However, it was nice to know that Natasha was willing to offer her services. 
“Alright, let’s not talk about this. It’s getting late. Let’s go get something to eat,” Hannah suggested after she managed to calm down. 
“Okay, just give me a minute. I need to use the loo,” Natasha said as she rose from her seat and headed to the toilet. 
After she entered the toilet, she turned back to observe Hannah and realized that the woman had not left the room. She seemed to be packing something.
Natasha closed the washroom door and turned on the faucet to prevent Hannah from overhearing her. After she had done all that, Natasha fished out her phone and called Fabian. 
“Hello, Mr. Norton. I’m Natasha,” Natasha declared her identity to Fabian. 
“Huh? Why are you calling me at this time? Where’s Hannah? Shouldn’t you be with her?” Fabian asked, equal parts surprised and worried. 
If Hannah discovered Natasha’s identity, it would only complicate things. 
He knew that, based on Hannah’s character, the woman he loved would definitely order Natasha to leave if she ever found out about her identity. If that happened, Natasha could no longer serve as Hannah’s companion. In case of any imminent danger, no one would be able to protect Hannah. 
Natasha was aware of Fabian’s worries. She peered out the door before she proceeded to explain to him quietly over the phone, “Mr. Norton, don’t worry. Hannah doesn’t suspect me. We are currently in the house which the company has assigned to her. We’re going to grab a bite later but before that Hannah has just revealed some information to me. I’m calling from the washroom to report to you what I’ve just learned.” 
“What is it?” Fabian asked Natasha inquisitively. 
He was quite familiar with the woman and trusted that she knew when to act and how. To call him at a time like that, he supposed she must have something urgent to tell him. 
“Mr. Norton, do you know how Hannah’s birth mother died?” 
There was a short pause, and then Natasha went on without waiting for Fabian to respond.
“Hannah found her mother’s diary at her family home. It turns out that her mother did not suffer from severe depression, despite what others have claimed. So, Hannah suspects that someone must have drugged her mother. Hannah returned this time in order to get to the bottom of her mother’s death.” 
“Okay, I see. Thank you. Also, Natasha, if you have updates for me next time, don’t call. Text me instead. Remember, you must not reveal your identity. If there’s nothing else, I’m going to hang up the phone now.” Fabian let out a long sigh after Natasha relayed the information to him. 
“Yes, Mr. Norton.” 
Natasha responded and hung up the phone too. She got up from the toilet seat. In order not to arouse suspicion from Hannah, she even flushed the toilet before stepping out of the washroom. 
After the phone conversation ended, Fabian grimaced. His eyes turned cold, so much so that the air around him practically froze. He did not have to spare much thought to deduce that Hannah’s suspect was none other than Felicia of the Blackwood family. 
In the past, he spent very little effort to investigate the case, since Hannah considered it her family’s private affair and, therefore, did not allow Fabian to intervene. Unexpectedly, that particular mystery turned out to be Fabian’s “saving grace”. Otherwise, Hannah might not have returned.
###Chapter 1427
Chapter 1427 
“Come to my office.” 
Fabian pondered for a moment before picking up the phone on his desk and giving his order. 
Soon, Fabian’s trusted aide came as he was called. He stood before Fabian’s desk in a respectful manner, awaiting instructions. 
“I want you to make an announcement to the company. Tell them that I can let everything slide and pretend as though it had never happened, but they have to understand that I have tolerated as much as I could. If this occurs again, which I hope not, they have to take into consideration the consequences and whether or not they have what it takes to bear it.” 
Fabian assigned the tasks to his aide. Some time ago, Lyna managed to find evidence of corruption committed by some of the top leaders of his company. That was how she won them over. Now the whole company was in a constant state of panic, for fear that they would be Fabian’s next target. 
Initially, Fabian intended to execute a remediation of the company’s internal management, but then there was Hannah’s situation to consider. How could he have the extra energy to deal with work when his mind was very much focused on Hannah? Therefore, Fabian had decided to pardon his employees and not hold them accountable. 
“Yes, Mr. Norton.” 
The aide nodded in response. 
“Right. I also want you to take Hannah’s companions to a concealed location. And find out who lives in the house opposite hers. You should know what to do,” Fabian gave more orders as he toyed with the teacup on his desk. His patience seemed to be wearing thin.
“Alright. That’s all for now. You may go.” 
After his aide left, Fabian stopped what he was doing and sat up straight. He picked up the phone and dialed another number. He called the agency specifically in charge of collecting intelligence for the five prominent families. 
There were at least one of Fabian’s men working undercover in each of the five prominent families, ready to relay confidential information at any time. This time, what Fabian wanted to investigate was none other than the death of Hannah’s birth mother. 
“Hi, this is Fabian.” 
Fabian spoke on the phone, remaining cool and collected. 
“Agent 0027 at your service. How can I help you, Mr. Norton?” 
Fabian had not accessed the intelligence network for quite some time. He believed that the vast network of intelligence could surely be of great help to Hannah. 
“I would like to appoint you as the leader of a special unit. I’ll need you to gather some of your best people to investigate one case for me.” 
After a pause, Fabian added, “It’s about the death of my wife’s mother, and the cause behind it. I want to know everything that led up to it. You know what to do.” 
Fabian felt a lot at ease after leaving it to the agents. He hung up the phone after giving his instructions. 
As Fabian sat by his desk, a worried look crossed his face. The only thing on his mind at that moment was Hannah’s refusal to return to his side. As for other things, he could set them aside for now.
Hannah, at present, was unable to conceive. Because of that, he knew very well that his mother would be unwilling to allow Hannah to stay in the Norton Residence. 
Fabian took some time to consider his options, and promptly stood up when he came to a decision. He would return to the main residence of the Norton family and speak to his mother. He planned to convince her to accept Hannah. And if Heather refused, Hannah would definitely not go back to the Norton Residence because she knew she was not welcomed there. 
“Hey, drive slower,” Xavier mentioned to his assistant, who was driving the luxurious sports car. 
“Pardon, sir?” 
The assistant was agog. What’s the president up to? Has he spotted a girl he fancies? Wait, that’s not right. Mr. Jackson likes Hannah, doesn’t he? Ever since he started wooing her, he hasn’t laid eyes on any other woman. 
The assistant slowed down the car as he was told. Curious, he looked out the window too. Through the tinted car window, he caught sight of two young women walking side by side. One of them happened to be Hannah. 
There we go. I knew Mr. Jackson wouldn’t ask me to stop for no particular reason. He’s actually spotted Hannah. 
“Follow them,” Xavier ordered his assistant again. 
There was a pause. 
Surprise fell on the assistant’s face. Follow them? Mr. Jackson, you’re joking, right? We’re in a car. We’ll be driving in the opposite direction if we follow them. I don’t mind getting a ticket from the traffic police, but this is just too dangerous, don’t you think so?
###Chapter 1428
Chapter 1428 
The assistant gave it some thought but eventually chose to obey Xavier. There’s no other way around it. Mr. Jackson likes this girl. 
For safety’s sake, Xavier’s assistant steered the car directly towards the single lane next to it. Usually, cars were banned from going up there because when that happened, more likely than not they would take up the entire space, which could lead to traffic jams. 
And so, in accordance with Xavier’s command, the luxury sports car could be seen moving along the narrow lane at a snail’s pace. 
At the same time, Hannah was clinging to Natasha as she looked up and down the streets searching for any diners she might like to try out. Her eyes fell on a pizza joint, and she stopped in her tracks. “Why don’t we try out that place?” she probed Natasha. 
“Oh, sure. I can eat anything.” 
Natasha nodded in agreement. 
Hannah then dragged her into the shop. 
Not giving it much thought, Xavier got down from the car and trailed behind them. 
“Welcome. Table for two?” the server greeted them politely. 
“Um, yes, please,” Hannah replied with a grin. 
“No, make that three.”
Hannah frowned when she recognized the man’s voice coming from behind them. Of course, it had to be Xavier, who had trotted over in a haste to join them. 
“If you ladies don’t mind, let’s dine together.” 
Xavier looked to Hannah with a smile on his face. 
At that moment, Hannah could not bear to refuse Xavier, who seemed so dashing and courteous. She nodded reluctantly. 
“Okay, table for three. This way, please.” 
And so the server led the three of them to a table by the window. 
“Mr. Jackson… is there anything you don’t eat? Or anything in particular that you like?” 
Hannah asked Xavier politely as they sat down to order their food, but she found the question to be quite intrusive after inquiring. She quickly rephrased her question as she handed him the menu. “Why don’t you order first, Mr. Jackson?” 
Xavier pushed the menu away as he waved at Hannah. He said, “No worries, I’m not picky. I can eat anything.” 
To be honest, Hannah was starting to feel at odds with Xavier and his impeccable manners. She might not like the fact that Xavier was obviously pursuing her, but she would never slap the smiler. She was beginning to feel weary. 
“Okay then, I’ll order for us,” Hannah concluded. 
She then ordered some food based on her own preferences, most of which were spicy, and did not order anything for Xavier. She had her intentions, and it was not that she wanted to embarrass him in
public. She merely wanted Xavier to get it into his head that she had no interest in him, and it would do both of them some good if he could just stop pursuing her. 
“Alright, I’ll have these.” 
Hannah finished the order and handed the menu back to the server. 
With Xavier around, the two ladies could not engage in conversation, and the atmosphere at the table turned awkward. 
Eventually, Xavier broke the silence. “Ms. Young, how have you been recently?” 
How have I been? Hannah considered everything that had recently occurred in her life. I’m separated from the one I love. As a woman, I’ve just found out I’m infertile. My mother committed suicide under the influence of drugs… Wait, wait. Hang on a moment. What is this, a series of unfortunate events? 
The weight of her burdens made it difficult for her to breathe. 
But would she tell Xavier all that? Of course not. Faced with Xavier’s questions, Hannah gave a wry smile and simply replied, “I’m doing fine. Not too happy, but not too bad either.” 
Xavier nodded at her reply. He knew deep down that Hannah was quite discouraged at the moment and spared little thought for himself. But would he give up just because of that? Clearly not! 
“Ms. Young, as your friend, I want you to know that you’re always welcome to talk to me about your problems anytime you wish.” 
“I thank you for the kind offer, Mr. Jackson. I’ll definitely drop by for a visit when I see fit.”
###Chapter 1429
Chapter 1429 
Hannah responded with a smile. Of course, she was just being polite–she knew very well what was happening between Xavier and herself. The man was actively pursuing her. Since she would never accept him, why would she ask for his help? 
In order to avoid that particular topic, Hannah asked Xavier in turn, “So, Mr. Jackson, what brings you here?” 
“Oh, I was just passing by when I happened to see you. I was thinking, since we’re old friends and all, maybe I could pop by and say hello. You don’t mind that, do you, Ms. Young?” Xavier stated courteously. 
Hannah, putting up a smile, replied, “Of course not, Mr. Jackson. You’re my friend after all. I certainly don’t mind.” 
Hannah was treating Xavier with utmost courtesy. If he were someone else, she would have lost her patience a long while ago. 
After all, Xavier politely having a conversation with Hannah was already an act that transcended the status quo. He always treated Hannah with utmost sincerity. Despite the fact that he was trying to woo her, Hannah had never accepted his advances. 
Even so, he had never resorted to any desperate measures. This was the twenty-first century, after all. If Xavier really wanted Hannah for himself, it would have been as easy as ABC. Furthermore, Xavier was one of the major clients of Hannah’s company. It made sense for Hannah to treat him with equal respect. 
“I’m pleased to hear that.”
Xavier chuckled wryly. Since he misunderstood Natasha last time, it would be embarrassing as well as impossible to hope that he would have more to say in front of Natasha. 
Fortunately, the pizza joint was quite efficient when it came to serving food. Soon, the food which Hannah ordered were brought to the table, the soup hot and its aroma mouth-watering. 
While Hannah was carefully dealing with Xavier, Fabian had also returned to the main residence of the Norton family. As soon as he stepped into the house, his mother’s voice rang out bitterly, “Oh, Fabian. You’re actually back?” 
“Of course, Mom. You wouldn’t want me to wallow in my sadness, would you?” Fabian chuckled in response. 
For someone like him who wielded great influence in the business circle, he acknowledged his mother as a difficult “client”. 
After all, Heather was the only elder left in the Norton family, and thus he would take her opinion into consideration when it came to making decisions. He also understood that his mother would only get older. If, by any chance, Heather could not agree with something Fabian did and fell ill because of it, that would be bad. 
“Oh, Fabian! I thought you’d forgotten about this family. I thought you intended to drown your sorrows!” Heather chided unceremoniously. 
Frankly, as a mother, she was very worried about Fabian’s emotional state, but she could not do anything about it. 
Well, of course I can’t allow Fabian to bring Hannah home. That’s out of the question. Hannah cannot conceive. What will happen to the Norton family if I accept her as a daughter-in-law? Won’t that be the
end of the Norton family bloodline? I’ll not stand for it. 
“Mom, how can you say that? I know you’ve been extremely worried about me. But I’m here to assure you that no matter what happens, I know what I’m doing. I won’t let you worry about me, Mom.” 
Fabian made an attempt at flattery. If he wanted to bring Hannah home, the first thing he had to do was to get his mother to accept her. But, to do that, he would have to quell his mother’s ire first. 
“Hmph!” 
Fabian’s mother snorted, but the expression on her face had already betrayed her inner joy. Her son had managed to overcome his depression. As his mother, how could she not be happy for him? 
“It’s alright. Let’s put the past behind us and stop mulling over it. You’re still young. You can still get a wife and I have hope yet of becoming a grandmother. Look at me. I’m getting old, son, and I don’t have a single grandchild yet. My poker buddies, on the other hand… why, their grandchildren can already walk on two feet and talk. You’re ruining my reputation, Fabian.”
###Chapter 1430
Chapter 1430 
Heather passed off her response as a joke, but those were exactly what she was thinking. She understood that Fabian had barely gotten over Hannah, and that it was impossible to ask him to find someone to marry and have children so soon. Hence, Heather was prepared to face her son’s rebuttal. 
“Mom, let’s talk about that some other time. I came home today because I have something else to discuss with you,” Fabian told her in a calm and collected manner. 
It was not that Fabian did not take the matter to heart. On the contrary, he was aware that if he came off too strongly, his mother would definitely not agree to Hannah’s return. Hence, Fabian softened his approach, and opted to discuss with Heather in a much gentler manner. 
“Oh, what is it? I knew you’d have something to tell me. Otherwise, for a man of your position to come home, it’d take a miracle,” Heather grumbled. 
Apparently, she had more than a few complaints against Fabian and his knack for not coming home for long periods of time. 
“Mom, before I tell you, you have to promise not to get mad,” Fabian assured his mother cautiously. 
“Oh, dear. Fabian, stop beating about the bush, out with it already! As your mother, whatever it is, I’ll support you all the way.” 
Heather thought that as long as her son admitted his mistakes and agreed to turn his life around, all was well. 
Moreover, Heather had seen Fabian lose control of his emotions because of what happened with Vivian. For a long time after that, he had not been himself. As his mother, seeing her son in such a sorry state distressed her just as much.
“Okay then. Here goes nothing.” 
Fabian smiled at the notion of finally being able to broach the subject. He said, “Mom, to tell you the truth, the reason I can get over my despair so quickly is, first and foremost, because of one particular individual.” 
Fabian’s face turned grim, his expression a stern one. 
“Who’s that? Is it someone I know?” Heather asked repeatedly. 
She might not be one to nag and pester, but she wondered if the person whom Fabian spoke of was related to what had just come to pass. Possibly not. Who is it, Fabian? Who’s this person who’s so capable of enlightening you? Heather was curious to know. 
“It’s Hannah.” 
Fabian bit at each syllable. 
Heather could not help but sigh when she heard that name. What do you mean by that? Hasn’t Hannah left? Unless… she’s back? 
Heather had not known that Hannah had returned. She juggled the various possibilities that her mind could conjure. 
“In all seriousness, there’s someone else I have to thank. I wouldn’t be able to locate Hannah without his help. I’m talking about Jason, the son of the Goldstein family. Our families are very close. You know that, Mom. Anyway, Jason’s the one who figured out where Hannah might be, and I wouldn’t be able to find her if not for him.” 
Fabian ignored his mother’s surprise as he went on.
Fabian had to admit that after everything that happened, he had a renewed respect for Jason. Even the young fellow knew of perseverance of a virtue, yet the president of the largest company in Chanaea gave in too quick. 
He felt bad just thinking about it. It was under Jason’s great influence that Fabian made up his mind to pursue Hannah again, and to tell his mother everything as calmly as he could. 
As Fabian spoke, the surprise in Heather grew. Jason? Hendrick’s godson? 
Heather wondered how the man had gotten involved in all this, but of course that was not the focus of the issue at hand. 
What she worried about was that Hannah’s return this time round would spur Fabian to win her back. If for whatever reason Hannah had a change of heart, Heather could not promise Fabian would cope well. 
She knew her son best. If his temper were to rise, even the strength of ten oxen would not be enough to drown his misery.
###Chapter 1431
Chapter 1431 
“What do you want? Do you intend to bring Hannah back here? I’m telling you right now: that’s impossible!” Heather exclaimed emotionally. 
Hannah was a good woman through and through, but the problem was that she could not conceive. That issue was like a landmine buried deep within her. 
I’m the elder of the Norton family. How can I possibly allow the bloodline of the noble Norton family to end like this? 
“Mom, can you please calm down and let me finish? Do you see yourself right now? What do you look like? A wealthy landlady in the feudal era? Or the dictatorial Empress Dowager of the Qing Dynasty?” 
Fabian found it quite unacceptable. Mom, how can you expect me to give up the love of my life for the sake of carrying on the family lineage? Don’t you think that’s too much to ask for? Yes, Hannah cannot conceive. But we can still adopt, can’t we? Are you saying that all those people out there with fertility problems should die alone? 
“Hmph! Just like I thought. Children grow up and think they know everything. How dare you talk to me like that? I’m your mother! I’m telling you now, so what if I’m the dictator in this family? What are you going to do about that? Do you plan to abandon your mother in favor of a simple woman?” 
Heather lectured him, giving in to her emotions again. She could tolerate anything, but this was the one thing that she could not accept. Why? This was a family problem. It was not merely her or Fabian’s personal matter. She could not bring herself to joke about it. 
“Mom, don’t you think you’re being unfair to Hannah? Think about it, why are people out there constantly conspiring against Hannah, framing her, and at one point even have her kidnapped? She
was just a journalist from a media company. How could she have attracted such a high volume of resentment?” 
Fabian remained patient as he explained his perspective to his agitated mother, as he always did. He hoped he could change his mother’s traditional mindset. 
“Of course I know that you’re the cause of Hannah’s sufferings, but what can we do about that? “Hannah cannot conceive. So what do you expect from me? “What am I supposed to tell your father? “What do you expect me to tell the ancestors of the Norton family after I pass on? 
“Now’s not the time for you to be stubborn, Fabian. I’m telling you, I won’t allow that woman to enter this house no matter what! If you insist on marrying her, then… over my dead body!” Heather exclaimed viciously as she put her foot down. 
Fabian understood where his mother was coming from, but he had to consider Hannah’s situation. What happens to her then? Am I supposed to leave her suffering in silence? My darling has suffered the greatest pain to ever befall a woman. All because of me. Now she can’t conceive. How can I give up on her like that? What does that make me? 
“Mom, have you ever considered this? “Hannah and I really love each other. She is a kind and gentle girl. When we were dating, and I happened to buy her new clothes, she took care to remember the price of the item. After she received her salary, she would pay back the entire sum, down to the smallest unit. “Now, just because she cannot provide an heir, I have to let her go? 
“What do you think I am? “A cold-blooded animal? “Even if I were a rock, I should have warmed up after being with her for such a long time, right?” 
Fabian knew that his mother was a big softie on the inside despite her sharp tongue, so he appealed to her emotions on purpose.
Heather suddenly felt a hint of bitterness. Yes, Hannah’s a nice girl. Fabian is really fortunate to have met a girl like her. But… 
Heather was still unable to shake off the metaphorical shackles of the mundane world. She was confused and conflicted. Fabian’s attempt at persuasion was not entirely wasted on her. 
Fabian watched as his mother sank into silence, looking to be deep in thought. It dawned on him that she was wavering, so he took the opportunity to convince her even more. 
“Mom, please think carefully about what I said. You of all people should know what it feels like to live under such a corrupted ideology. How can you not understand that such ideas will only lead to the incarceration of society?”
###Chapter 1432
Chapter 1432 
Heather was actually a product of her time too. Fabian’s father, Mark, came from a well-to-do family, while his mother, Heather, was one of four children in a household struggling to make ends meet. Regardless, Mark married Heather in spite of societal pressure, didn’t he? 
Heather was also determined to change the public mindset through her own efforts, so she became a diligent and thrifty housewife with the virtues of a good woman. In time, people became more accepting of the couple. 
Heather shuddered involuntarily at what Fabian had just said. 
Yes… Fabian’s right, isn’t he? I was a victim too… So why am I repeating the cycle? Why am I forcing it on him? How am I different from those before me? But… what about the Norton bloodline? How can the Norton family go on without an heir? 
Heather showed signs of hesitation, but was not entirely convinced yet. The obsession over the lack of an heir still lingered in her mind. 
Fabian sensed his mother’s struggles reflected on her face. He rose and approached her, leaned forward ever so slowly, and spoke to her softly. 
“Mom, I know you like Hannah. I understand everything that you’ve just told me. You should know, with today’s advance technology, there may be a cure for Hannah’s infertility. Besides, we can always adopt a kid, can’t we?” 
Hearing Fabian’s gentle words, Heather recovered from her daze and turned to him. 
“Fabian, I know you’ve suffered too, but there’s nothing I can do about it. I know what we’re doing is unfair to Hannah. I can let Hannah have all the assets the company can offer while still running on
sufficient support, but I absolutely cannot allow her into the Norton family.” 
“Mom, why can’t you understand? Hannah didn’t marry me for the money. If it’s money she wants, she wouldn’t have left in a hurry just because you told her to leave when she wasn’t fully conscious.” 
Fabian was not pleased to hear that his mother wanted to utilize their wealth to make Hannah leave him. He felt that bribing Hannah with money was an insult to her character. 
After listening to Fabian’s reasoning, Heather agreed that her son had a point. If Hannah was only interested in money, she would surely demand a large sum from Heather after waking up that day, and then she would leave. 
Fabian’s response rendered Heather speechless. They had come to her worst fears. 
Hannah’s such a kind girl. She doesn’t expect any reward at all for being with Fabian. What else can I say about that? 
Fabian spoke again, sulkily this time, “Mom, do you know how much pain Hannah’s willing to endure for me? After finding out she had a miscarriage and could no longer conceive, she chose to leave. And yet I have to be the coward. I’m the cowardly husband who can’t even bring her back. 
“Me. Your son, Fabian. How great of a president can I be if I can’t even protect the woman I love? How do I deserve to be the leader of a company when my wife is grieving and yet I choose to run away? 
“I abandoned the woman who almost lost her life to save mine, for the sake of the so-called family lineage. How am I worthy of being called a responsible man?” 
Fabian paused before continuing, “Think about it, Mom. What if Dad had chosen to leave you because he couldn’t handle societal pressure? How would you feel about that?”
By then, Fabian had gotten onto his knees. He kneeled firmly in front of his mother. “Mom, whether you agree to it or not, I’ll bring Hannah home this time. She can’t give birth, but that doesn’t matter. We can adopt.” 
Heather felt heartbroken to see her son kneel in front of her. At the same time, Fabian’s words prompted her to think hard about their conflict. Have I truly done something wrong?
###Chapter 1433
Chapter 1433 
“If Hannah and I… are the reason for the Norton family’s extinction, then… I’m sorry I’m not the filial son you wanted.” 
Fabian would not weaken in his resolve. Regardless of Hannah’s ability to bear children, he would bring her home as promised. After all, Hannah was the woman he loved. 
When Hannah left, Fabian was forced to admit how much she mattered to him. 
Fabian’s decision must have triggered his mother, for the older woman got angry in a flash. She barely managed to draw a long, spiritless breath while repressing most of her other emotions. 
Heather lifted her hand high as she got ready to give her rebellious son a good slap, hoping it would serve as a wake-up call. How can you say such a thing? You’re the president of a large company, for heaven’s sake! 
“I’m sorry, Mom. I don’t wish to escape my responsibilities this time. Take care of yourself.” 
Fabian slowly lowered his head. Who would ever have thought that he, the company president with so much at his command, would be kneeling on the ground in such a miserable state? 
Fabian sneered under his breath. So what if I’m the president? So what if I’m well-respected? All that was undoubtedly insignificant when it came to love. Fabian was determined to endure his mother’s slap and put everything to an end. He needed to woo the love of his life once again, who was almost falling out of reach. He needed to bring Hannah back to the Norton Residence. 
Fabian kept those in his thoughts as he quietly waited for the inevitable. But in the end, Heather could not bear to do it. Instead, she sighed, “Ah, geez! There’s nothing I can do now that my child’s all grown
up. You’ll have to deal with this yourself. Don’t forget, I’m getting old. I want to spend my days sipping tea and taking care of my health. I don’t want to be bothered by unnecessary stuff.” 
And so, Heather rose from her spot, stood up, walked past her son, and headed towards her room. 
Fabian watched his mother leave. It was a bittersweet ending; this was his mother’s way of telling him that she approved of Hannah’s return. She just did not want to say it. 
“Mom, I’ll let you know that this is the right decision. Hannah’s not an ordinary girl.” 
Fabian rose too. He collapsed onto the sofa and sank into deep thought. Only he knew what was on his mind and how he came to a conclusion. 
On the other side of town, Hannah was having the time of her life enjoying pizza. Despite her current marital status being kept a secret, she was still able to savor the food with much relish, much less doing it in front of Xavier with whom she had no relation at all. 
Natasha, seemingly influenced by Hannah, cared little for maintaining a ladylike image. She rolled up her sleeves and dug into her pizza party. 
In contrast, Xavier’s behavior was a lot more civilized. He dined like a gentleman. However, compared with Hannah and Natasha, he seemed rather out of place. 
The meal ended quickly. After Hannah managed to grab the last slice of pizza and devour it, complete with a satisfying burp, she turned to Natasha, seeking her opinion. “So, what do you think? My recommendation has its merits, right? Do you like it?” 
To be frank, the meal was scrumptious. But for a professional assassin like Natasha who was used to undergoing highly intensive training on an everyday basis, the portion of food she had just consumed was undoubtedly not enough for her.
If she were only hanging out with Hannah, she might have told the woman what she truly felt. But Xavier was present, so she had to act accordingly. 
Natasha knew that Xavier was Fabian’s rival and, up till then, the man was still relentlessly pursuing Hannah. 
Furthermore, based on her observation of Hannah’s attitude towards Xavier, Natasha could tell that Hannah did not like him at all. Hence, she decided to tell a little white lie to get Xavier off their case. 
“Yes, indeed. I have to say, you have good taste, Hannah. This place is great. The shop’s not very big, but the food speaks for itself,” Natasha replied Hannah with a smile. 
Her eyes fluttered to meet Xavier’s gaze, and she added, “Hannah, I think it’s about time we get going. Can we drop by the company? It just so happens that I have not reported to work yet.”
###Chapter 1434
Chapter 1434 
Hannah nodded in agreement. Ever since her return, Natasha had offered to help her move and, hence, had never gotten around to meet their senior editor. That certainly would not do, for it would leave a bad impression. 
After some consideration, Hannah said, “Oh, that’s a good idea. We can clean up your desk while we’re at it, so that it’s ready for you tomorrow.” 
She rose from her seat, and then addressed both Natasha and Xavier, “Alright, we’re leaving.” 
Hannah led them to the shop entrance. Xavier, who was walking behind the two women, checked his wristwatch for the time. He frowned. Apparently, it was getting late. If he insisted on following Hannah, she would not be pleased. He supposed it would be better for him to excuse himself than to make her resent him. 
At the entrance of the shop, Xavier had the sense to stop there and bade farewell to Hannah. “Ms. Young, I enjoyed our dinner together. I do look forward to the next occasion,” he said. 
After they parted ways, Xavier got into his car and barked instructions at his assistant. “Get to Hannah’s neighborhood now. I want you to purchase the house right opposite hers. No, scratch that. I’ll do it myself.” 
The assistant almost fell out of the driver’s seat when he heard that. Excuse me? What are you playing at this time, Mr. Jackson? 
Xavier’s assistant considered the order, and then proceeded to ask his boss, “Mr. Jackson, don’t we have a contract to sign?”
“Shut it, will you? Didn’t you hear me? Can’t you see what’s at stake here? There’s always time to make money later, but if I lose sight of the woman I love, I don’t know when I’ll get another chance!” 
Xavier could not help but roll his eyes at his assistant as he lectured him. What a fool! This brat almost cost me the greatest happiness of my life! 
“Y-Yes, Mr. Jackson!” 
The assistant obeyed with a silly smile on his face. He then turned the steering wheel around and drove the car onto the road. 
“Mr. Jackson, you really don’t have to deal with such a minor issue yourself. Why don’t you leave it to me? In the meantime, you can head over to the other place and get the contract signed,” the assistant suggested boldly. 
He and Xavier used to be classmates. He was just as capable as Xavier in getting things done, if not more. So, he did not think Xavier had anything to worry about. 
But once the words came out of his mouth, Xavier hit him hard on his head and berated him, “Forget about the contract! If I don’t seize this opportunity to pursue Hannah, Fabian might get the upper hand. How can I relax at a time like this? 
“You, on the other hand, can’t do anything right! I’m convinced that if it weren’t for you, I would have won Hannah many times over. You give me so many bad ideas! Gosh, it’s like you’re a jinx or something!” 
“I… I swear, Mr. Jackson, I do not mean anything else. I have been serving you faithfully from the get- go. I should at least deserve credit for my efforts, right? What I suggested, you see… I believe it works on any girl…” Xavier’s assistant began.
He sounded aggrieved, but before he could finish what he wanted to say, Xavier flicked the back of his head again. “Use your head, will you? Do you think I’d fancy just any other woman?” 
“Of course not, sir. You’re right. I just…” 
“Ah, damn it!” 
Unsurprisingly, Xavier whacked his assistant one more time. “What the heck is wrong with you? Just take me there already! Or should I get someone else to do your job?” 
“I’m on it, sir!” 
Xavier’s assistant grimaced. Darn, I shouldn’t have said all that. 
But Xavier knew that his assistant was just giving him good advice. 
However, since the subject matter involved Hannah, he could not take it as a joke. He had to be cautious when making his next move, so he decided to take on the task personally. 
“Mr. Jackson, we’re here,” the assistant reminded Xavier as he slowly parked the car in front of an apartment building. 
Xavier nodded, opened the car door, and got out of the vehicle. He had barely embraced the fresh air outside when he spotted a white Lincoln parked just a short distance away. His eyes narrowed at the sight. Huh? Could that be Fabian’s car?
###Chapter 1435
Chapter 1435 
“Come on, let’s go!” 
Xavier somehow had a bad feeling about this. Why is a luxury car like this one parked in this kind of neighborhood? I remember Fabian happens to like this type of cars. 
Unless Fabian had arrived one step ahead of him, Xavier could not think of any other possibility. As the thought came to mind, he quickened his steps. 
As Xavier walked closer to his destination, he ran into Fabian, as expected. 
At that time, Fabian was standing in the corridor, his assistant next to him. The two were engaged in discussion with the resident living right opposite Hannah’s unit. 
Xavier had a bad hunch about the scene that was taking place before him. He quickly shot a glance at his assistant, and his eyes darkened before he directed a cold gaze at Fabian. 
Fabian had yet to notice Xavier’s arrival. He was merely waiting in silence while his assistant explained their proposal to the resident. His face was one of confidence with not a single hint of worry. He believed that no ordinary family would refuse the price he offered. 
After meeting Xavier’s gaze, the assistant understood what he was meant to do. As if on cue, he sprinted forward, walked in front of Fabian so that he reached the resident’s other side, and then introduced himself, “Hello, nice to meet you. I’m the assistant to the president of Jackson Group. You can call me Mr. Lockhart.” 
At that moment, Fabian’s assistant showed a hint of dissatisfaction. Why are you stealing my job? Mr. Norton finally assigned a task to me, and you’re ruining it! Do you have a grudge against me or something?
But as Fabian’s assistant, if his employer had nothing to say about it, he ought not put on an overly tough attitude. Otherwise, he would only dishonor Fabian. 
This was not a line he could cross, so he resisted the anger that was boiling from within. He cast a fierce look at Xavier’s assistant before glancing at Fabian, hoping to get clued in on his employer’s next move. At Fabian’s orders, he would be more than willing to compete with that intruder. What a joke! 
Phoenix Group was the top company in Chanaea, and Jackson Group was out of its league. 
Fabian furrowed his brows, his hawkish eyes sharpening with a glacial look. He gave his assistant a nod before turning around to face Xavier. 
He had a hunch that since Xavier’s assistant was present in the compound, that meant the big man himself was definitely here too. He chortled under his breath. Oh, my. What now? Can’t hold back, can you? Want to make this a fair competition? 
“Mr. Norton, what a coincidence. Fancy meeting you here. For someone as busy as yourself, I can’t imagine you’d come to a place like this. It certainly blows my mind.” 
Xavier noticed Fabian’s chilly, pensive eyes, and brushed it off. Both he and Fabian came from the five prominent families, after all. He was not intimidated at the least. He approached Fabian with a smile. 
Xavier thought he had hidden his discontent pretty well, but Fabian still managed to see through him. 
Fabian shook his head in disapproval, before responding to Xavier in a flat tone, “Ah, Mr. Jackson. This place isn’t exactly small, so I wonder what brings you here. Or are you telling me that this place actually belongs to your family, and outsiders aren’t allowed to come here?” 
Fabian did not mince his words at all. How could he be polite to someone who was constantly plotting to steal his woman away from him?
Xavier could not help but laugh at Fabian’s statement while his heart hardened. Wow. Such harsh words, Fabian. Are you afraid that I’ll steal Hannah away? 
“Oh, Mr. Norton. What makes you say that? It’s your dom to go wherever you want. It’s just that I hear you’ve taken to the bottle these days, so I admit I’m a little surprised to see that you’re able to find time to visit this part of town.” 
Xavier managed to draw blood with every word he spoke. Each syllable was as heart-wrenching as the next. 
Fabian later reflected on himself. Indeed, it’s true I have some misgivings, but nevertheless those are my private affairs. I don’t suppose they have anything to do with you.
###Chapter 1436
Chapter 1436 
Fabian shrugged his shoulders, ignoring Xavier’s insults. With a disdainful look, he smiled at the latter. “Well, I was distressed and upset a few days ago, so I was drowning my sorrows instead of indulging in fine wine. Luckily, things changed, and I overcame it.” 
He then approached Xavier and added, “Now that you mention it, I want to thank someone whom you know.” 
With a sardonic smile on his face, he continued, “That’s my wife, Hannah Young. I wouldn’t be able to meet you today if it hadn’t been for her!” 
In fact, Fabian said that deliberately. Ha, how ridiculous! He thought he could surpass me! 
Immediately, Xavier’s expression darkened when Fabian asserted his identity as Hannah’s husband. Still, he responded with a haughty smile, “Haha! It’s good to know that!” 
Meanwhile, their assistants were competing spectacularly with each other, as if the winning party would be handsomely rewarded. 
“Well, let me tell you. Phoenix Group is the largest enterprise in Chanaea. Mr. Norton will definitely stand by his promise, so please give my words some careful consideration!” Fabian’s assistant highlighted the influence of Phoenix Group, trying to convince the resident. 
Clearly, Xavier’s assistant knew Fabian’s assistant approached the resident for the same purpose. Oh well, it is undeniable that Phoenix Group is so powerful, but does it matter? No, it doesn’t! What matters most are who can acquire the house and who can persuade the resident. 
“Haha! I don’t deny what he said.” Xavier’s assistant forced a smile, and his face turned stony in the blink of an eye.
He then continued, “Though Phoenix Group is the largest enterprise in Chanaea, they can’t even resolve their internal affairs, let alone fulfilling their promise to you. “Try to imagine. If you joined their fiercely competitive company, you could be defeated anytime. Well, put that aside and look at the cohesion in the workplace. Would you stay in a company that is rife with office politics or would you rather work in a company with diligent and highly motivated staff whom the employer cares about? 
“Besides, Phoenix Group won’t permanently be the largest enterprise in Chanaea. A company that is full of contradictions won’t last long, so you should choose Jackson Group instead!” 
Staying close to Xavier, his assistant would definitely pay attention to the affairs of the other families. After all, the five prominent families had been collaborating and competing with each other. Therefore, it was understandable that Xavier’s assistant knew about the internal split-up in Phoenix Group. 
Upon hearing those remarks, Fabian’s assistant felt a flicker of irritation. If it had not been for the fact that he had a task at hand and Fabian was around, he would have taught Xavier’s assistant a lesson. 
In fact, that incident had left an emotional scar on each of the employees in Phoenix Group. They would not have betrayed the company if it were not for Lyna’s dirty tricks. 
Fabian took good care of his employees’ welfare and was highly respected in Phoenix Group. That was also the reason why his assistant was annoyed with those remarks. 
“Oh! By the way, if you don’t believe this, you can check out some posts! You should be able to discover the truth there. After all, the truth will come to light!” Xavier’s assistant added, gloating over the ruin of his rival. 
The resident looked at them with suspicion gleaming in her eyes. Actually, when she learned about the purpose of Fabian’s assistant’s visit, she wondered why someone wanted to buy her house all of a sudden. Besides, the offer put forward by him was way too tempting.
###Chapter 1437
Chapter 1437 
Indeed, she was eager to hand over the house to Fabian’s assistant one day earlier for fear that he would revoke his offer. However, the sudden appearance of Xavier’s assistant surprised her. 
In fact, her small house was in a remote area and no one had ever inquired about it or offered to buy it, but it had suddenly become a hot commodity that everyone wanted to buy it. Furthermore, the offer price was so lucrative that she could easily get a house which was several times bigger than the current one, in Baykeep city center. 
Such an offer would definitely tempt her. She learned from their conversation that both of them came from influential backgrounds. Nevertheless, it sounded that Jackson Group was performing well and flourishing, whereas Phoenix Group was facing some problems and might collapse despite being the largest enterprise in Chanaea. 
That resident then glanced at Fabian’s assistant, and her eyes were filled with doubt, which seemed like questioning the credibility of those remarks. 
Upon seeing the doubtful glint in her eyes, Fabian’s assistant gritted his teeth in anger. How dare he mention this to her! That’s just too much! 
Immediately, his expression darkened. Looking at Xavier’s assistant, he warned, “If you continue making false statements, we’ll sue you for defamation!” 
Naturally, Xavier’s assistant, who had gone through ups and downs with Xavier all that while, would not be taken aback by his words. Instead, he defended, “You should know clearly whether or not those statements were defamatory! Of course, I won’t be afraid if you really sue me for defamation!”
Meanwhile, Fabian and Xavier were walking slowly toward their assistants. When Fabian came near to Xavier’s assistant and heard those words, it roused his anger. “Oh, Mr. Jackson has hired so many talented people! Even a mere assistant has a silver tongue. Every cock will crow upon his own dunghill. That’s really awesome!” 
Xavier knew Fabian was trying to imply that his assistant was aggressive and relied on his power to bully others. Instead of confronting Fabian, he smiled faintly and paid no heed to his words. 
Then, Xavier responded, “Haha, it’s not worth mentioning! Being the head of the group, we should possess a keen eye and be able to pick excellent talents!” 
With an ulterior motive, he purposely added, “Well, as for your assistant… tsk, tsk! He isn’t up to par yet! Shall I send two of my staff over to train yours?” 
Though Xavier was being sarcastic, Fabian remained calm and responded impassively, “Haha! Indeed, my assistant isn’t as good as yours. After all, our company is cultivating talents instead of training them to become bullies. I don’t think it’s necessary to send your staff over, as I still prefer the existing way. Though they don’t hold an imposing presence, they possess good character, unlike others!” 
He then turned toward Xavier’s assistant and shot him an icy glare, like a domineering boss. 
After that, he sneered, “Even if our group were to collapse, we would still be more powerful than many other companies. You can’t judge a book by its cover! In fact, those who failed dug their own graves!” 
Though Xavier’s assistant met some big shots before, they were no match for Fabian. Besides, they were friendly to him, whereas Fabian was the only one who gave him a hard time. 
Thus, when he looked at Fabian’s evil smile, he could not help but shudder. Eventually, he was rigid with fear and dared not fight back.
Upon seeing that, Xavier came near to them and said indifferently, “Fabian, don’t argue with a junior! Tsk, tsk! Isn’t it unreasonable?”
###Chapter 1438
Chapter 1438 
“Ha! Are you saying that I’m calculative? Huh! Whatever!” 
Without giving Xavier a chance to respond, Fabian immediately approached the resident. He patted her gently on the shoulder and said indifferently, “I want to buy this house. Since you are not happy with our price, you name your price then!” 
Though Fabian’s tone was calm, he looked domineering indeed. His words set off a ripple of excitement within her. 
What? I’m going to make a fortune! Yes! Should I ask for one million five hundred thousand? Wait a minute—is this too little? What about two million? Oh Gosh, I should ask for more! Alright, five million! This will be more than enough for me to live a happy life abroad for the rest of my life. Okay, that’s it! 
The resident swallowed her saliva and looked at Fabian. When she was about to make her offer, Xavier, who was standing at the side, coughed. Then, she hesitated. Both of them come from similar backgrounds and are filthy rich! Of course, I’ll sell my house to the one who is willing to pay more! After all, who doesn’t love money? 
“Oh, I’ve forgotten that Mr. Jackson is also interested to buy this house!” Fabian sneered. 
Actually, instead of coaxing Hannah to get back together with him, he wanted to buy that house for a different purpose. 
Fabian tried that tactic before. If he repeated it, Hannah would keep her distance from him. After all, she did not want to get back together with him. 
By the time she realized it, she would not have any reaction toward him. In fact, Fabian just wanted to let Hannah’s protector move into the house so that he could afford her better protection.
Therefore, it did not matter if he could buy the house. Since Xavier wanted to get involved, Fabian did not mind letting him suffer a loss. 
“Haha, what a coincidence! It happens that I want to buy this house as well. Why don’t we have a fair competition? The one who offers the highest price will get it!” Xavier smiled faintly. 
He despised Fabian for what he had done. How dare he approach the owner directly! He’s so arrogant and doesn’t respect me at all, despite having the same standing. How could he say that to me? Don’t we want to buy the house for the same purpose? 
Hmph! Let’s compete and see if Jackson Group or Phoenix Group will win! 
It’s not about the value of this house, but it’s all about dignity! Whoever pulls out will be despised for being a coward! 
Indeed, he was not as bold as Fabian. 
Meanwhile, the resident happily nodded her head upon hearing the suggestion put forward by Xavier. She knew if the two competed, she would benefit from it. 
“Haha! Fair competition? Forget about it! Don’t you remember you were badly defeated in our last competition? I don’t want it to happen again!” Fabian replied with a subtle smile. 
His words stabbed Xavier to the heart like a sharp blade. 
“Well, you can have the house then!” After Fabian finished his words, he snapped his fingers and was about to leave. 
He said that purposely to provoke Xavier, knowing that the latter was also from a prominent family and could not tolerate such a humiliation.
Immediately, spasms of irritation crossed Xavier’s face. He glared at Fabian while trying to suppress his anger. “You don’t have to do that! Jackson Group can definitely afford such a small house!” 
“Oh well! You can pay my offer price!” Fabian turned and walked away, leaving Xavier behind. It left him no choice but to clench his teeth angrily. 
On the other hand, the resident was upset. Sigh! Why don’t they compete? I don’t even know how much Jackson Group offer will!
###Chapter 1439
Chapter 1439 
Knowing that the offer price would at least drop by half without Fabian’s offer, the resident said languidly, “Just name your price!” 
After all, losing a fortune distressed her. 
“Hmph!” Looking at the resident, Xavier snorted and walked away as anger welled up in his chest. 
He was so arrogant that he would not accept such a voluntary giving from Fabian. 
Knowing that anger rose in Xavier like a tide, his assistant, who was standing behind him, cautiously asked, “Mr. Jackson, what about…” 
He was afraid that he would offend his boss and have to bear the consequences. 
Surprisingly, Xavier turned and gave him a faint smile. “Yes? I guess Fabian hasn’t bought the units above and below Hannah’s unit. Help me get these two units. We shall see where else he can stay!” 
His assistant responded in a worried tone, “What if… I mean—what if Mr. Norton stays opposite Ms. Young’s house? Then, we’ll be on the losing side!” 
“Oh, that’s impossible! He won’t buy that house. After all, people with such a status like us won’t simply go back on our word, or else we will suffer a loss of credibility. So, I’m sure that he won’t stay opposite Hannah’s house. Alright, you do as I say!” Xavier said confidently. 
He finally realized the reason why Fabian always defeated him. Xavier cared too much about the outcome and failed to suppress his anger, whereas Fabian was completely different and always kept calm.
After he understood that, his anger vanished. 
Nothing can stump me! Fabian, be prepared! I will make Hannah fall for me! Since you don’t cherish her, don’t blame me! 
Meanwhile, Fabian was sitting in his luxury car smoking after he lit a cigarette. 
“Mr. Norton, are we going to let it rest?” Obviously, his assistant could not take the matter lying down. 
After taking a puff, he raised his head and blew smoke rings. Then, he responded calmly, “What are you talking about? Didn’t we let them buy the house?” 
“What about Ms. Young’s safety…” His assistant sighed helplessly and dared not say further, knowing that it would be a vain attempt to persuade his boss. 
“Don’t worry about that! Natasha is staying by her side. It shouldn’t be a problem under normal circumstances. We get more people to protect her just to be on the safe side,” Fabian replied impassively. 
If I arrange for people to move into the opposite house, their identity will be revealed easily. Besides, if Hannah discovers it, she will guard against them and get rid of them. It won’t serve the purpose of protecting her. She will definitely resent me. This could mess up my plan of getting back together with her! 
Thinking about that, he instructed his assistant, “Well, send someone to investigate Lyna and see if she has any tricks up her sleeve recently! By the way, at the appropriate time, you let her know we are keeping an eye on her.” 
Fabian wanted Lyna to believe that he had taken precautions and warned her not to act rashly. By doing so, Hannah would be safer.
As soon as his assistant left, his phone rang. 
After glancing at the phone, Fabian took a deep breath and answered the call. 
He said with his calm and stretched voice, “Hello!”
###Chapter 1440
Chapter 1440 
The intelligence officer said, “Mr. Norton, we have got some clues!” 
He continued, “I have some leads to the death of Ms. Young’s mother. We found the housemaid who worked for the Blackwood family at that time and should be able to get some clues from her. We also checked all the hospitals’ records in Baykeep that year and finally found a ledger recording Felicia’s purchase of psychedelic drugs in a private hospital. I will send it to you shortly.” 
Upon hearing that, Fabian ordered, “Alright, continue to investigate. Please be careful and don’t let the Blackwood family or Yvette discover it!” 
He then hung up and stubbed out his cigarette in the ashtray. 
After that, Fabian lowered the car window, looking at the bustling city outside, and sank in thought. 
Why did Felicia buy psychedelic drugs? Presumably, Hannah’s mother committed suicide because of these drugs. 
Thinking of it, he could not help but shake his head. Hannah’s life is so sorrowful! She has gone through so many hardships. How did she manage to survive? 
Oh well, I can’t do anything about that. These things have already happened. No matter how strong and powerful I am, it is impossible to turn back time and save her biological mother or our baby! 
From now on, I must treat her well and pamper her, so that she can live happily. 
The more Fabian thought about her past, the more he pitied her. Hannah, I’m sorry for making you suffer!
Soon, he arrived at Phoenix Group. His driver reminded, “Mr. Norton, we’re here!” 
It was only then he regained his composure. 
Fabian opened the car door, stepped out of his slender legs, and walked toward his office. His figure was as tall and straight as before. He was full of confidence, with a look of gentleness and compassion on his face. 
“Mr. Norton, someone sent over this document for you!” As soon as he went into the lobby, the receptionist approached him with a sealed envelope. 
“Alright!” Fabian knew the intelligence agency for the five prominent families sent over the ledger recording Felicia’s purchase of psychedelic drugs. 
Immediately, someone behind him took the envelope from the receptionist and followed him to his office. 
While sitting in his chair, Fabian looked at the trusted aide who was holding the envelope for him and said impassively, “Alright, you can leave now!” 
“Yes, Mr. Norton!” The latter put the envelope on the desk and walked out of his office. 
After he left, Fabian did not open the sealed envelope. Instead, he stared off into space, thinking of a way to win Hannah’s heart. 
He tried very hard to think and eliminated those ideas one by one. No, that’s old-school! Hmm, this is not sincere enough! 
After a while, he finally decided. “Alright, I’ll use this to give her a surprise!”
It was only then Fabian picked up the envelope and opened it. He pulled out a ledger that was neither thick nor thin. 
Since the intelligence agency retrieved this ledger, it should be reliable. Fabian flipped it open and saw the yellowed pages. He then turned to the folded page. 
Meclofenoxate, Donepezil… 
The ledger showed Felicia bought more than one type of drug, which he knew some of them were for the prevention of Alzheimer’s disease or dementia.
###Chapter 1441
Chapter 1441 
When Fabian looked downward, he gasped. “What? That’s a lot of meclofenoxate.” 
Meclofenoxate was a kind of drug that could stimulate the brain. In suitable amounts, it was useful to the human body. However, in doses too large, the human brain would be overstimulated, and the individual would start hallucinating. At night, the effects would be worse. 
As Fabian tapped the table, he furrowed his brows and mumbled under his breath, “Hannah’s mother should have been forced to take large doses of meclofenoxate, and that was why she committed suicide.” 
At that, a murderous urge flashed past Fabian’s mind. 
How ruthless is Felicia to do this. 
Hannah was Fabian’s wife, and Fabian was sure that Hannah would eventually return to his side. Even if Fabian never saw Hannah’s mother, she was still his mother-in-law. 
Right then, Fabian saw the same name written across the back of the drug packaging—Felicia. 
A glacial look overtook his eyes, and it was as though he wanted to ze those packaging with his gaze alone. 
“Someone like you should spend the rest of your life in jail. There is no way you should ever be let off the hook,” Fabian said quietly. 
Despite the soft volume of his voice, no one thought Fabian was joking. They could see from his eyes that he was fuming.
“Wait a minute, didn’t he say there’s a witness?” 
With that question, Fabian took out his phone and called the intelligence agency that worked for the five prominent families. 
“Hello? Where’s the person you mentioned to me?” Fabian asked right after the call went through. 
“She is at Baykeep’s suburbs right now. Our men are already rushing over there.” 
Naturally, the one who was on the other end of the line knew that the person Fabian was talking about was the maid who worked at Blackwood Residence then. 
“Okay, tell them not to do anything rash. Send me the address, and I’ll be going there myself,” Fabian said with confidence. 
This time, he was going to find out everything about how Felicia had hurt Hannah’s mother. 
“Understood,” the other person replied before Fabian ended the call. 
Fabian spent a while rubbing his temples before leaving the room with his jacket. 
“Mr. Jackson, I’ve received news from the intelligence agency that Fabian has been investigating someone named Felicia recently,” Xavier’s assistant reported to Xavier. 
At that moment, Xavier had his back facing the assistant as he sat on his chair, deep in his thoughts. 
After a while, he turned around. However, before he spoke, his assistant placed a file in front of him. 
Turning the pages of the file, Xavier wondered, “Why is Fabian investigating Felicia?”
His curiosity only grew after reading Felicia’s file. Felicia is Leo’s second wife? Doesn’t that make her Hannah’s stepmother? Technically, she was Hannah’s stepmother. 
However, Hannah did not even want to admit Leo as her father, so she would never admit Felicia as her stepmother. 
“Ask our men in the intelligence agency to find out more about Fabian’s investigation of Felicia as well as why Hannah is back at Baykeep,” Xavier instructed his assistant before dismissing him. 
Then, he leaned back on his chair and stared at the ceiling. 
Hannah left this time because she can’t bear children. According to my sources, Fabian’s mother went to the hospital once. She must have said something to Hannah. 
With the kind of person Hannah is, she won’t come back for no reason. If she really misses Fabian, why doesn’t she go back to him then? 
Hence, Xavier was sure that Hannah was not back for Fabian; there was another reason for her return. 
But what are the things that can make Hannah decide to come back? That was something Xavier had yet to figure out.
###Chapter 1442
Chapter 1442 
Furthermore, there was another question that plagued his mind. Why did Fabian ask the men of the five prominent families to investigate Felicia? Under normal circumstances, no one would mobilize this intelligence agency. 
Is there a connection between Fabian’s investigation of Felicia and Hannah’s return to Baykeep? 
Xavier could not figure it out, so he decided to stop thinking about it instead. Straightening himself, he then took a sip of his coffee as his head throbbed. 
Somehow, there was a foreboding sense that was settling at the bottom of his stomach. It was like a storm that was about to strike. 
What is it? What’s going to happen? 
On the other end, Hannah was deep in her thoughts as well. However, unlike Xavier, she was not at a loss; she knew what she should do, and she knew what she was going to face. 
Her thoughts were about who she should look for to investigate the matters and how she should face Fabian. When she returned, she knew Fabian had sent men to protect her. Now that those men retreated into the shadows, she knew Fabian wanted to keep his protection a secret from her. 
At the end of the day, Hannah still felt helpless toward Fabian. What she felt for him should not only be described as love but devotion. 
Similarly, Fabian loved her with every fiber of his being. Yet, the two could not be together. 
Even Hannah felt like laughing at herself. Why am I back this time? Am I not here to bring justice to my mother? Why am I thinking about everything else?
Let the Fabian stays in my heart and dissipates over time. 
That was how Hannah consoled herself despite knowing that it was impossible. 
“Hannah? Hannah?” 
Natasha had been helping Hannah read through some documents, and she had stumbled upon a section she could not understand. When she raised her head, about to ask Hannah her question, she saw the other woman’s red and teary eyes. 
“Hannah?” 
Natasha called her out twice, but Hannah still did not answer her. Feeling a sense of worry, Natasha patted Hannah on her shoulder. If Hannah still gave her no response, Natasha was ready to send her to the hospital. After all, it would be disastrous if anything happened to Hannah again. 
“Hm?” 
Finally, Hannah came back to her senses. However, she had not heard Natasha’s words, so she cast a perplexed look on her and asked, “What’s wrong? Is something wrong somewhere?” 
Natasha sighed in relief. I’m so glad she’s fine. After a pause, she continued, “Yes. I’m having trouble understanding some of these. Please take a look at them for me.” 
With that said, Natasha then handed her the documents and began voicing her questions. 
The entire time, Hannah was patient in explaining the important points and logic to Natasha. 
Once Natasha’s question was resolved, she hesitated a moment before she asked, “Hannah, what were you thinking about earlier? I think I saw you crying.”
A startled look flitted across Hannah’s face before she hid it behind a smile. 
“What? I wasn’t thinking of anything. I’m just too tired, so my eyes were hurting,” Hannah explained with a forced smile. 
She told Natasha nothing, but it was not because she did not trust her; she just did not want Natasha to worry about her. 
Natasha knew what Hannah was going through, so she did not force the latter to speak the truth. Instead, she consoled, “If you’re tired, you should get some rest. Everything will be fine when you wake up tomorrow.” 
“Okay. I understand.” 
Hannah nodded as a warm feeling spread across her heart. She felt glad that Natasha was by her side in time of need. 
Right then, Hannah’s phone rang. Despite not wanting to pick up the call at the start, she hurriedly accepted it after a glance at the caller ID. Even when she spoke, anxiety laced her tone. “How is it? Do you have any news?” 
On the other end of the call was Hannah’s senior editor. Now that she did not have Fabian by her side after her return, the only one she could rely upon the most was her company.
###Chapter 1443
Chapter 1443 
Left without a choice, Hannah ended up looking for her senior editor. Naturally, she revealed little to her supervisor; she only asked him to look for the current welfare and whereabouts of the maids who once worked in the Blackwood Residence. 
As Hannah had once contributed much to his team, the senior editor agreed to help her without hesitation. 
“Huh? Oh right. Hannah, don’t feel anxious about that first. What you need to do is to concentrate on your work. I’m currently working on it, okay?” 
The senior editor was stunned, having not expected Hannah to ask him about that right after accepting the call. 
“Oh.” 
Hannah thought her senior editor had found something was about to tell her. However, her guesses were wrong. 
“May I know why are you looking for me?” Hannah mumbled disappointedly. 
“Ahem, Hannah, I’ve asked someone to investigate what you’ve asked for. Don’t feel anxious about it. I’m sure we’ll have some results in a day or two,” the senior editor muttered apologetically when he heard her tone. 
After all, he had forgotten about it despite agreeing to help her. 
“Just focus on your work. You’ll be interviewing Mr. Xavier Jackson at the Jackson Group tomorrow,” Xavier instructed.
Although he was still feeling embarrassed about the previous matter, this was work, and he had to tell her about it. Furthermore, this was a request from Xavier himself. 
“Okay. I understand.” 
Hannah gasped before responding to him. Although she was reluctant to work on it, this was her job. 
After ending the call, she sighed. Hannah knew why Xavier asked her to interview him. He had no serious matters to talk about; he simply wanted to approach her. 
Yet, she still had to go even though she knew about that. At the end of the day, he was the president, and she was the leader of the team tasked with interviewing him. There was no way she could reject him when he had requested for her to do the interview personally. 
Beside her, Natasha could not help but feel worried when she saw Hannah’s frown. Swiftly, she queried, “What’s wrong, Hannah? Did something happen? Is there any news about your biological mother?” 
Hannah had to take in a deep breath before she could explain to Natasha. “It’s nothing. I asked the senior editor to find out some things about my birth mother, but he hasn’t found any leads on it yet. He called earlier to ask me to conduct an interview tomorrow,” Hannah explained patiently, not wanting Natasha to worry about her anymore. 
After nodding, Natasha then asked, “Hannah, what time is the interview tomorrow? Who are you interviewing? What are you planning to interview? I’ll look into it and do some preparation.” 
Natasha was now Hannah’s assistant, and it was normal for her to ask those questions. Her job was to organize the documents for Hannah before doing research on the interviewee; she had to come up with various questions based on the background of the person Hannah was going to interview.
Hannah knew Natasha was worried about her mental state and about her health. That was why the latter wanted to prepare the materials for her. However, Hannah still hesitated. 
Xavier was not looking for her to do an interview, so the materials they prepared would only go to waste. She was afraid that Natasha would worry about what Xavier would do to her. 
At the same time, Hannah was afraid Natasha would assume she had no trust in her, and that was why she was not telling Natasha anything. Hannah did not want to hurt Natasha’s feeling. 
After a moment of hesitation and rumination, Hannah finally revealed the truth. “Natasha, you don’t need to prepare any materials for the interview. Actually, the person I’m interviewing tomorrow is… Xavier. The president you brought me to meet the last time.” 
Unsure if Natasha remembered Xavier, Hannah intentionally mentioned his identity. 
“What? Him?” 
Natasha was shocked. Hannah had yet to meet her boss after her return, but before she could think much about that matter, this rascal had taken the initiative to approach her.
###Chapter 1444
Chapter 1444 
Natasha couldn’t help but worry as she thought about it. That guy looks pretty decent… What if he manages to win Hannah over with his sweet-talking? What will Mr. Norton do then? 
Considering how close Xavier was with Hannah, Natasha’s concerns were indeed justified. 
Hannah knew what she was worried about and told her, “You don’t have to worry, Natasha. I know Xavier, and he’s not the type who would do something if it makes me uncomfortable. You can come with me tomorrow if you’re still worried, but you’ll have to wait outside. I’ll give you a call if anything happens, okay?” 
Natasha found herself unable to argue with that statement. She’s right… Xavier may be a bit of a jerk, but he isn’t a complete a*shole… Still, what if Hannah falls for his sweet lies? He might even offer to help her investigate her mother’s death, which would allow them to spend a lot of time with each other and possibly develop feelings over time! 
Noticing the frown and look of concern on her face, Hannah said after giving it some thought, “Natasha, I know you don’t trust Xavier and all, but… you should at least trust me, right? Besides, I’m sure everything will be fine! Even if anything does go wrong, I have you there to protect me, don’t I?” 
Hannah even made sure to flash her a smile in hopes of reassuring her, which seemed to work as Natasha nodded with a smile in return. 
She’s right, I have nothing to worry about! I should have more faith in the strength of their relationship! Hannah was willing to spend the rest of her life all alone in the house her mother left her, and she’s doing all that for Fabian’s sake! Besides, I could tell from the previous incident that she has no feelings for Xavier at all. She has only returned to investigate her mother’s death, so there’s no way she’d have the time and energy for anything else.
With that in mind, Natasha rolled up her sleeves and flexed her biceps as she replied, “All right, Hannah. Just make sure you bring me with you tomorrow, okay? I can’t protect you if you don’t!” 
Hannah let out a chuckle when she saw how childish Natasha was. “Sure thing, Natasha. Don’t worry, I’ll bring you with me no matter what!” Haha, she sure is an interesting one! 
Having received her reassurance, Natasha replied, “Okay, best of luck with your investigation! I’ll be getting back to work now, so just let me know if you ever need anything else!” 
“I will! All the best with your work!” Hannah felt relieved to have a friend like her and gave her a little cheer in return as well. 
However, her eyes were filled with a slight melancholy as she returned to her desk. I don’t have a lot of connections. While I do know a few presidents from my previous interviews, my marriage with Fabian was a secret at the time, so I didn’t really keep in touch with them. Even just having a little chat with them made Fabian extremely unhappy, so I have cut all ties with them. Without any support, I can’t even find a single person who would testify against Felicia, let alone take her down…
###Chapter 1445
Chapter 1445 
Hannah let out a sigh. What am I going to do now? Who could I possibly go to for help? Fabian? No way! I’ve decided to cut ties with him completely, and going to him for help will only result in things getting messy between us! It’ll hurt a lot more if I end up falling for him again! On top of that, I heard he was depressed and heartbroken after I left, so going back only to leave him a second time would just hurt him a lot more! 
Would it have been better for him if I stayed instead? Nah, that’s impossible! I mean, Fabian is the freaking president of Phoenix Group as well as the sole heir and backbone of the Norton family! I can’t even imagine the amount of pressure he’d face if I were to stay with him! Besides, there’s no way someone with that much wealth wouldn’t want an heir of his own, but I can’t bear any children… 
At that moment, an idea popped up in Hannah’s head. What if I go to Xavier for help, then? He likes me a lot, so he’ll definitely agree to lend me a hand, but… wouldn’t this count as using him because of his feelings for me? No, this won’t do… He’ll definitely want me to repay his favor by marrying him or something! My heart only has room for Fabian, so I couldn’t possibly be with Xavier! 
Having dismissed that idea, Hannah began crossing out her options one by one, only to smile wryly when she realized she didn’t have anyone who could help her at all. 
“Don’t worry, you still have yourself to rely on! Everything will be fine! You can do this, Hannah!” she told herself after letting out another helpless sigh. 
I’ll keep pushing forward bravely, no matter what lies ahead of me! I’m sure everything will be fine as long as I have faith in myself! I must get to the bottom of my mom’s death before I return to that house she left me, or I won’t be able to live the rest of my life in peace! I have to get this done while I’m still young and capable of going at it without rest, especially while people still know who I am…
“All right, it’s decided!” Hannah mumbled to herself with a nod before immersing herself fully in the pile of documents in front of her. 
Natasha who was seated nearby had heard everything Hannah said to herself and knew she had probably figured something out. 
She stole a glance at Hannah who was busy with her work before pulling out her phone and sending Fabian a text: How are things on your end, Mr. Norton? Mrs. Norton hasn’t been able to find anything on her end, and she seems to be a little out of it right now. 
Fearing that Fabian would call her immediately after receiving her text, Natasha sent him another one: I’m working with Mrs. Norton in her office right now, so I can’t talk to you on the phone. 
She then stole another glance at Hannah to make sure she wasn’t looking before hitting the send button. 
Natasha even made sure to delete her messages and put her phone on silent before breathing a sigh of relief.
###Chapter 1446
Chapter 1446 
Fabian’s reply came in shortly after: Okay, got it. Your mission is to keep Hannah safe, so make sure nothing goes wrong. I’ve already had someone look into her mother’s death, and we managed to find some evidence too. We’re currently looking for witnesses, and I’ll arrange for you to meet them once we found one. I believe you know what to do with them, right? Oh, I’ll also be giving you a number. You two can meet up to discuss your plans before having this person bring the witness to Hannah. 
Natasha quickly saved the phone number provided at the end of the text before replying: By the way, there’s something else I need to tell you. Mr. Jackson has been in touch with our senior editor and has requested for Mrs. Norton to conduct an interview with him tomorrow. I’m still unsure of the exact time of the interview, but it’s definitely taking place tomorrow. 
Natasha had no idea what Fabian thought of it as he didn’t reply after that, but she deleted their conversation anyway. 
She then took another peek at Hannah to make sure she was still busy with her work before texting the contact Fabian gave her: Hello, this is Natasha. I believe Mr. Norton has arranged for you to help out. Send me your personal details right now, and I’ll call you in a bit to arrange for us to meet up. Just say you’re a friend of my brother or something, okay? Don’t reply to this text, and just email me the file instead. 
Natasha let out a sigh of relief after deleting her messages and went back to work. Please let this all to be over soon… That way, Hannah will be able to get together with Fabian again! I can tell that she truly loves him, and I want her to be happy too… 
She received the personal details of Fabian’s contact in her mailbox shortly after, and it was sent anonymously just like she requested. That way, Natasha would be able to show it to Hannah later without any issues.
Meanwhile, Fabian was busy with something in his office as well. However, he wasn’t going through documents or checking his company’s stocks like he usually did. Instead, he was writing something down at his desk with a pen. 
Fabian had been racking his brain trying to win her back, and he decided on giving her a love letter as a gift after eliminating every other option he had available to him. 
Of course, a love letter coming from Fabian was no ordinary one, and this was no exception. While there wasn’t anything special about the pen and paper that he used, the contents of the pen were what made it extraordinary. By filling it with milk instead of ink, Fabian was able to write her a message that would be invisible unless held over a flame. 
Naturally, Fabian had taken several factors into deep consideration before choosing to give her something like this as a gift. A creative and romantic gift like this is sure to melt her heart! I used to be too tyrannical and domineering in our relationship, so this should help change how she perceives me. 
Secondly, she’s been with me long enough to know I’m not the kind who would write love letters, and that is especially unlikely now that I’m the president of the number one company in the country! This is my first time doing such a thing, so it should reflect my sincerity and seriousness in being together with her. I’m sure this is a lot more effective in winning her over compared to fancy cars, expensive villas, or branded cosmetic products! 
Fabian even made sure to have someone make him a special box which was painted light blue and looked like an ordinary box for storing books and files. What made the box extraordinary was the fact that it was hollow on the back.
###Chapter 1447
Chapter 1447 
It had a lid on top and a wooden board about two inches long in the front. Two nails were driven through the board from the bottom, one of which would be used to pin the love letter while the other would have a red candle attached for Hannah to light up and view the contents of the letter. 
Fabian was sitting completely straight as he meticulously wrote the letter at his desk, and his handwriting could only be described as strong yet graceful at the same time. 
Due to the significant amount of force he applied when writing, his words left a slight imprint on the paper which reflected his domineering personality. 
Unlike Xavier who had his staff come up with his pick-up lines, Fabian’s words came from the bottom of his heart and represented his true feelings for Hannah. The fact that they were all handwritten by him only served to make it all the more meaningful and endearing. 
I want to find someone who would travel the world with me and stay by my side till the end of our lives, even if it means waiting for you till the final moments of my own. The reason I don’t tell you I love you is because you know by heart that you mean the world to me. 
All of that may seem impractical and unrealistic to most people, but they were what Fabian felt deep inside. It was only until Hannah left that he realized how much she meant to him. 
Life is simply too short. What’s the point in being the president of the top company in the country if I can’t even be with the woman I love? I would never be able to find someone else like her even if I were to spend all of my money! I’m sure Hannah will understand the meaning of these words as we are both still deeply in love with each other. I’ve hurt her over and over again with my stupid attitude, and now she’s left me as a result… I swear, I’m definitely bringing her back into the Norton family if I ever manage to find her again! Even if I have to go against everyone in the family and stand up to those who
oppose my decision for marrying an infertile woman, I will do all that I can to protect Hannah and keep her safe from all harm, be it physical and emotional! 
Fabian thought to himself as he carried on writing his love letter at his desk, refusing to stop until he got to the end of it. Heh, what a joke! As if there is an end to my love for Hannah! 
“Mr. Jackson, I have an update on that thing you had me look into,” Xavier’s assistant said as he entered his office after knocking on the door. 
“Oh? You’ve managed to find something, then?” Xavier asked anxiously as he was eager to know how Hannah’s return was related to Felicia. 
“That’s right, Mr. Jackson. According to our sources, Hannah has returned because she suspects that Felicia had something to do with her mother’s death,” his assistant replied after a brief pause. 
Xavier narrowed his eyes in confusion and asked, “What do you mean? Didn’t we already investigate this incident back then? Things got pretty crazy at the time, and it was a known fact that Leo had an affair while Felicia abandoned Hannah. That angered Hannah’s mother so much that it gave her depression which eventually resulted in her suicide. Hannah knew all that a long time ago, didn’t she? What is she suspecting now?”
###Chapter 1448
Chapter 1448 
His assistant shook his head as he replied, “Please allow me to finish my explanation, Mr. Jackson. It appears that Felicia may have drugged Hannah’s mother and ultimately caused her depression. Of course, this is just a suspicion Hannah has at the moment as she has yet to obtain any sort of evidence, and neither have we. I’m not too sure about Fabian, though. 
The five prominent families have their own trusted aides when it comes to such information, and they will never betray the families they work for. Regardless, given how our resources are on par with his, I doubt Fabian has found anything either. 
I’ve put some men in charge of investigating the death of Hannah’s mother as well as keeping an eye on Fabian. That way, we’ll be the first to know his every move.” Fabian is bound to make a move the moment he discovers something, so we can just monitor him to stay ahead! 
“You idiot! All you have to do was have them investigate her mother’s death! Putting aside the possibility of us even finding anything useful out of monitoring Fabian, we both promised to compete for Hannah fairly and squarely! Are you trying to get me labeled as a coward who goes back on my word?” 
Xavier was furious. This is unbelievable! My own assistant has sent someone to tail Fabian when we’ve promised to compete fairly! As the heir to one of the five prominent families, there’s no way I could tolerate something this dishonorable! I will either win like a champ or accept my defeat like a man! 
“It isn’t that bad, Mr. Jackson. You see…” His assistant was about to try and justify his actions but kept his mouth shut when he saw the terrifying look in Xavier’s eyes. Oh dear, working with him never fails to surprise me… While it’s great that he trusts me unconditionally and admires my talents, we’ve gotten so close with each other that there are no boundaries when he reprimands me. 
“I’ll head downstairs and take care of things according to your instructions,” the assistant said.
“Okay. Remember, even if we lose, we will do so honorably. I don’t want you trying any dirtier tricks like these ever again. Do you hear me? They may be acceptable to use on some of our enemies, but it is just downright humiliating if we’re going against someone like Fabian!” Xavier said with a satisfied nod. Good thing I found out about this before Fabian does, or I wouldn’t be able to explain my way out of it! Even if I wasn’t the one who gave the order, they are still my men, so he’d hold it against me for sure! 
“Yes, Mr. Jackson!” the assistant said respectfully. 
“Good. Is there anything else you would like to tell me?” Xavier asked. 
“As a matter of fact, I do. I’ve purchased the units above and the two units beneath Hannah’s apartment as per your instructions. When would you like to move in, Mr. Jackson?” the assistant replied with a smile. 
The main reason Xavier had kept him around up till then was not only because they were classmates for many years, but also because he was extremely reliable and trustworthy to get the job done well. 
A great example of that would be how he had all the newly purchased units fully furnished as he knew how serious Xavier was about Hannah.
###Chapter 1449
Chapter 1449 
“Well done. Have some men clean up the units below Hannah’s. I’ll be staying there later on,” Xavier said after giving it some thought. 
That apartment complex is six stories high and has no elevators, so Hannah would have to walk past the units on the lower floors whenever she leaves the building. Seeing as she lives on the fourth floor, I’ll take the one on the third! 
“Both the cleaning and the purchase of household items have already been taken care of, Mr. Jackson,” the assistant replied with a chuckle. 
“Got it, you can go now,” Xavier said with a satisfied smile on his face. 
“Yes, Mr. Jackson.” 
The assistant then left his office while Xavier leaned against his chair and went into deep thought. 
Does this mean that Hannah came back specifically to investigate the death of her mother? If so, would she be grateful to me if I were to lend her a hand? We’d be able to spend a lot of time together if we investigate it together, and she might just develop feelings for me over time! Yeah, there’s nothing wrong with me helping her out in a time of need like this! 
There shouldn’t be anything unfair about this because Fabian could do the same too! In fact, he has already started making his move. That’s it! I’ve decided I’m going to help Hannah out regardless of whether she chooses me in the end! After all, I have nothing to lose anyway! Hmm… Seeing that her primary concern is her infertility, my best bet would be to show her that I don’t mind it at all. 
Xavier nodded to himself at the thought of that and rushed home to begin his preparations.
As he usually lives at home, his family members didn’t think much of his return until they heard what he said in the living room, “I’m planning on getting married.” 
“What? You’re getting married? Are you serious?” his mother asked in surprise. 
“It’s about time you get married, Xavier! Your mom has been bugging me about this every single day!” his father said with a chuckle. 
“Yes, I’m serious. I really am planning on getting married,” Xavier reassured them as he sat down on the sofa and poured himself a cup of tea. 
His mother got really excited upon hearing that. Oh, my god! My boy has finally come to his senses and decides to get married! Dear me, I sure hope I’ll be fit enough to help look after their kids later on! 
She sat down beside him and asked, “Who are you marrying? Can you show me her picture? I have no ions as long as you two truly love each other.” 
His father joined them on the sofa as well. “That’s right! As long as you like her, Xavier!” 
They had been asking Xavier countless times about his plans for marriage, and he had always brushed them off by saying he would get married after finding the woman he loved. 
Despite them being incredibly anxious about it, they couldn’t just tie him up and hand him over to some random woman either. As such, it was only natural that they got all worked up when he finally told them he was getting married.
###Chapter 1450
Chapter 1450 
I wonder if Mom and Dad would still be so excited once they find out that Hannah is infertile… Xavier thought to himself as he stared at them in silence. 
“Well? Say something, son! The suspense is killing me here!” his mom pressed him for an answer, seemingly a lot more anxious about it than he was. 
“Calm down, Mom. I came back specifically to discuss this with you, so hear me out,” Xavier said calmly. 
“What else is there to discuss? Just let us know who she is and what she does for a living! If it’s a proper job, we can proceed to prepare the wedding gifts and make the necessary arrangements!” his mom exclaimed impatiently. My goodness, what on earth is he thinking? Just get the wedding done and bring her home first! Everything else can wait! 
Xavier flashed them an awkward smile when he saw his father nodding in agreement as well. 
Just like that, the two of them continued to stare anxiously at him while he hesitated as to whether he should tell them about Hannah’s condition. 
They had introduced Xavier to countless women over the years, but he found none of them to his liking. As a result, the way he brought up the topic on his own accord only to keep them hanging in suspense was driving them insane. 
“Xavier, her appearances and family background aren’t that important. What matters most is whether or not she’s willing to spend the rest of her life with you,” his father spoke up eventually, breaking the awkward silence.
“Exactly! Nothing else matters as long as she treats you well! All that we ask is for the two of you to be happy together and get us healthy grandchildren!” his mother chimed in, and the two went back and forth while Xavier sat there wondering how he would tell them the truth. 
How do I tell them? 
“What does she do for a living, Xavier?” his mother was dying to have a look at her future daughter-in- law. 
That snapped Xavier out of his train of thoughts, and he seized that opportunity to explain himself, “Hmm? Oh, she’s a journalist. She’s really kind, strong, and independent. It’s just that…” 
“It’s just what? Out with it, damn it! Don’t keep us hanging like this! Are you trying to give your mom and I a heart attack or what?” his father shouted impatiently and slammed his hand on the coffee table. 
His mother nudged him gently with her elbow and motioned at him to calm down before smiling at Xavier as she said, “Just ignore him and carry on.” 
“She is infertile.” 
The living room fell silent once again after he said that, and the excited smiles on their faces vanished as well. Xavier saw them frowning at him in silence and realized he would have a much harder time winning Hannah over until he resolved the issue with his parents. 
Fabian may be separated with her right now, but he hasn’t let go of her completely. However, if I get the green light from my parents, I’ll have much less resistance to deal with in my pursuit for Hannah, which would make things a lot easier for me as a whole. 
“I like her very much. So what if she’s infertile? We could just adopt a child if we have to! Given how advanced technology is these days, we can even opt for an IVF which would save us a lot of trouble…”
“But that’s child isn’t your own… What if something goes wrong, and your child ends up with disabilities or something?” his mother whispered worriedly.
###Chapter 1451
Chapter 1451 
Faced with a dilemma in having to choose between a healthy grandchild and a daughter-in-law, she could only look at her husband who had been sitting there in silence. 
“We’re fine with everything else, but we can’t accept the fact that she is infertile. Xavier, there are plenty of women out there that are much better than she is. If you really like her, you should…” 
His father was interrupted by his mother who smacked him on the arm and motioned at him to stop. Realizing he had gone overboard, he cleared his throat and quickly changed his choice of words, “I-I mean, you should bring her home so we can meet her and get to know her better! Marriage is a very important thing, after all!” 
“So you don’t agree to us getting married, then?” 
Xavier was running out of patience at that point. He had expected some resistance from his parents because of Hannah’s infertility and was prepared to talk things out with them, but they were a lot more stubborn than he had thought. 
“It’s not that we don’t agree to it…” 
Noticing his opportunity, Xavier quickly took advantage of the loophole in his father’s statement and said, “That means you agree to it, then. Very well, she’ll be interviewing me in my office tomorrow. If all goes well, we should be able to get our marriage certificates then. If you two would like to meet her, tomorrow would be the best time to. Anyway, I’ve still got some stuff to take care of at work, so I’ll be on my way now. Call me if you guys need anything, okay?” 
With that, he grabbed his coat on the sofa and left the house without even looking back. It wasn’t until his car had disappeared in the distance that his parents realized what had happened. “Damn it! That
little sh*t played us both!” his father exclaimed helplessly. 
“Hannah,” Natasha called out to her after making all the necessary preparations to have her meet Fabian’s contact. I sure hope this will cheer her up and give her some confidence! It pains me to see her all depressed like this… 
Hannah looked up at her and asked, “Hmm? What is it?” 
“Well, you see… My brother has a colleague in Chanaea who seems pretty capable… I figured he should be able to help you out, so I told him about your situation, and he is willing to lend us a hand. I’m sorry I told him without asking you for permission first… You wouldn’t mind, would you?” Natasha said after giving it some thought. She had actually come up with her lines beforehand, so she didn’t have problems reciting them. 
Hannah took a deep breath and shook her head as she knew Natasha was only doing it out of concern for her. 
“Of course not, Natasha! I know you meant well, so there’s no way I’d mind!” Hannah said with the sweetest smile she could muster despite the bitterness in her heart. I’d better pull myself together or I might actually collapse… As for that person Natasha mentioned… Well, I don’t mean to underestimate her connections or anything, but I would probably be a little more convinced about his abilities if we were in Remdik… After all, how many people could she possibly know here in Chanaea? I bet she’s gone through a whole lot of trouble just to find this guy… 
“Here, this is the information we have on him. I think he has what it takes to help you out, Hannah. On top of that, he’s a friend of my brother, so I’m sure he’ll be willing to lend us a hand! While we don’t know for sure if it’ll work out, having his help is still better than having none at all, right?” Natasha tried to convince her further when she saw the look of doubt on Hannah’s face and knew she didn’t dare place much hope in it for fear of disappointment.
Hannah nodded in agreement. Natasha is right! In order to find out the truth behind my mom’s death, I’ll have to make use of every resource I have available! Regardless of whether it works out or not, she did put in a lot of effort for my sake, so I can’t be disappointing her now!
###Chapter 1452
Chapter 1452 
“Sure, thanks,” Hannah said as she took the phone over from Natasha, only to gasp in shock when she read the person’s information. 
This guy is the general manager of a company owned by one of the five prominent families? Holy sh*t… He’s definitely no ordinary guy! If someone with his resources is willing to help me out, it would definitely make things a lot easier! 
Natasha grinned when she saw the hopeful smile on Hannah’s face. “I’ve asked him out for dinner, so you can fill him in on the details and have him look into it as soon as possible. Who knows, we might even have our answers ready by tomorrow morning!” 
“Thank you, Natasha!” Hannah had tears of joy in her eyes as she nodded and held her hands tightly. Oh, my god! I didn’t think Natasha would turn out to be the most helpful person in such a trying time! She must really care about me! 
Natasha played along and gave her hands a gentle squeeze. “What are friends for, right?” 
Just like that, Natasha led her to the café that they had agreed to meet up at. After getting Hannah seated, Natasha went outside to wait for the man. She had to be the first to meet him and could brief him on the situation so he wouldn’t let it slip that Fabian had gone to him for help. There’s no way Hannah would accept his help if she finds out that Fabian was the one who arranged for this meeting! 
Hannah was seated by the window and pursed her lips as she anxiously glanced at her watch and her surroundings. 
I’m so glad Natasha was able to find me someone who could help out with my investigation! I’ve been feeling really guilty because I wasn’t able to find any clues regarding Mom’s death after so long. She
raised me ever since I was a kid, and yet I couldn’t even find out how she really died… Had it not been for Natasha’s help, I wouldn’t have known what to do… God knows what I might even do if that were the case… 
“Hannah!” 
She stopped stirring her coffee when she heard a familiar voice calling out to her. 
Hannah looked in the direction of the voice and saw Natasha waving at her while a man in a black face mask followed behind her. 
She then waved back at them and ordered two cups of cappuccino for them while Natasha proudly led the man to their table. 
The waiter brought the cappuccino over right as Natasha sat down beside her. After thanking the waiter, Natasha took a huge gulp of it, only to tear up as her tongue burned from how hot it was. 
“Ah! It’s so hot!” she exclaimed while fanning her tongue with her hands, sending Hannah into a fit of laughter. 
“By the way, allow me to introduce you two. Hannah, this is a friend of my brother. He’s really amazing! I thought I’d try my luck and asked my brother for help with your investigation, and guess what? I got lucky, and he ended up actually finding something!” Natasha said after taking a moment to cool her tongue off. 
Naturally, Hannah got excited when she heard that they were making progress and thanked the man profusely, “Thank you so much, mister! You’ve been a great help!” 
“You’re a friend of Natasha. It’s the least I can do,” the man replied calmly without even touching his steaming hot cup of cappuccino.
###Chapter 1453
Chapter 1453 
“How may I address you, mister?” Hannah asked awkwardly as his name was not mentioned on the files. How could I ask for his help without even knowing his name? 
However, her question was simply met with a cold response from the man, “Sorry, I can’t disclose my identity.” 
Feeling that it would be inappropriate to press on after what he said, Hannah decided to skip that question instead. 
Without anything to talk about, things became a little awkward for the three of them as they sat there in silence. Natasha quickly pulled out her phone and handed it over to Hannah as she said, “Ah, I can’t believe I almost forgot about this! Hannah, this is the information we’ve managed to gather for the time being. Here, have a look!” 
Hannah tightened her grip on the phone and teared up a little from relief as she read through the email. 
After so long, I finally have some information to go on with… At this rate, I’ll be able to uncover the truth behind Mom’s death in no time! Let’s see… A hallucinogen? So that’s why Mom was so emotionally unstable at the time… 
Natasha felt a little bad for lying to her when she saw the tears in her eyes. H-Hey, I’m just following Mr. Norton’s orders here! It’s not my fault if she ends up crying when she learns the truth! Still, this information is only the tip of the iceberg. If she’s already crying this much from reading this, I don’t know if she can handle the full truth behind Felicia’s horrendous evil deeds… 
To her surprise, Hannah was quick to regain her composure as she returned the phone to Natasha and thanked the man once again, “Thank you so much for your help, mister! Please let me know if there is
anything I can do at all to repay your kindness!” 
“That won’t be necessary.” The man stood up and looked at her as he continued, “It isn’t me that you should be thanking.” 
“What?” Hannah didn’t quite hear him as his voice was drowned out by the sound of a car horn blaring outside. 
“Nothing,” the man replied and walked out of the café without saying another word. 
“Geez, what’s with that guy?” Natasha pouted as she muttered under her breath. Thank god he doesn’t talk much, or he might really let it slip and ruin everything for Mr. Norton! 
Fortunately for her, Hannah was too distracted by the update on her mother’s death to care about the man’s words. 
“What do you think, Hannah? Is he helpful?” Natasha asked while leaning in closer to her. 
Hannah breathed a sigh of relief. “It isn’t very detailed, but it’s good enough. I’m really grateful to both you and that friend of your brother’s. I’ll be able to take it a little easier for a bit now.” 
Natasha nodded. “Glad to hear that.” 
The two of them then returned to the house allocated by the company, and Natasha gave Fabian a quick call while Hannah was taking a shower, “Mr. Norton, we’ve met up with the guy and shown Hannah the file as per your instructions… Don’t worry, we made sure to make no mention of you… Yes, that’s all for now.” 
Fabian wasn’t worried in the slightest about Hannah’s safety as he knew she was with Natasha at the moment, but he was afraid of her getting caught talking to him, so he hung up after a very brief
exchange. 
He heard a knock on his door shortly after and frowned as he had specifically instructed for no one to disturb him while he was preparing his gift. 
“Come in.” 
It was his trusted aide that he had assigned to spy on Yvette and Lyna. 
“Mr. Norton, we noticed another group of men also spying on Lyna,” he said respectfully.
###Chapter 1454
Chapter 1454 
Fabian’s frown deepened. Another group of men? Who could they be? What’s the meaning of this? 
“Also… according to the information we’ve received from the five prominent families, there is someone else from the five prominent families investigating Felicia. However, it remains unclear who that person is.” 
Fabian put the two pieces of information together, and one person’s name came to mind immediately. 
Xavier! He’s the only one in the five prominent families who would have any sort of connection with Hannah! But, how did he know about Felicia? Did Hannah tell him? No, that’s impossible… I know Hannah, and there’s no way she’d go to him for help, no matter how hard things get! Well, I don’t care how he found out as long as it wasn’t through Hannah. I’m confident that she will never fall in love with Xavier, not because he’s inferior or anything, but because I know the place I hold in her heart. Xavier must’ve sent someone over to spy on Lyna to help her find out about her mom’s death and win her over that way. While she is undoubtedly my woman, I can’t just sit by and let another man get involved in her business! I mean, what would that make me, right? 
The look in Fabian’s eyes grew cold as he instructed his trusted aide, “If he wants to stick his nose into my business, he’ll have to pay the price. Bring some men with you and get rid of those guys.” 
The trusted aide was hesitant as he knew it would affect the relationship between the five prominent families and tried to talk Fabian out of it, “Mr. Norton, those guys are from the five prominent families, so maybe we should…” 
He stopped himself when he saw the terrifying gaze in Fabian’s eyes and shuddered a little as he nodded. “I-I mean… Right away, Mr. Norton…”
“Good, you can go now,” Fabian replied coldly. 
He waited for that man to leave before pulling out his phone and calling the trusted aide he assigned to investigate the death of Hannah’s mother, “How is it going? Did you find anything?” 
“We aren’t making much progress, but we have confirmed the location of the person who used to work as a servant in the Blackwood family. We’re heading over right now.” 
“Okay, send me the location. I’m going there too,” Fabian said after giving it some thought. Since this is about Hannah, I should put in a little more effort… 
“Mr. Jackson, we’ve confirmed that Yvette hasn’t left the country, and that she and Lyna were the ones behind what happened to Ms. Young,” Xavier’s assistant reported. 
The look on Xavier’s face turned gloomy upon hearing that. I can’t believe those two would do such a heinous thing to her… It hurts me so much to see the state that Hannah is in because of her infertility… 
“Find Yvette, and make sure to keep a close eye on Lyna so she doesn’t find out and make a run for it! On top of that, continue digging for all the evidence of her crimes! I want to bring these two to justice and avenge Hannah!” Xavier ordered coldly. 
At that moment, his assistant got a call on his phone and decided to answer it when he saw that it was from the people in charge of spying on Lyna. Better take this call just to make sure everything is okay… 
“Hello, what is it? What? Okay, got it…” 
He had an uncomfortable look on his face as he knew Xavier was going to lose his temper again.
###Chapter 1455
Chapter 1455 
“Mr. Jackson, I’ve just received word that the men we assigned to spy on Lyna have been discovered and beaten…” the assistant said hesitantly after a brief pause. 
As expected, Xavier was furious and glared at his assistant as he shouted, “What? Who did this? How dare they lay a finger on my men!” 
The Jackson family was one of the five prominent families, so it was perfectly understandable for him to get mad at being disrespected like that. 
“From what I’ve heard, it was Fabian’s men who did it,” his assistant said cautiously, fearing that Xavier would take his anger out on him. 
“Fabian? Damn it, why is he always ruining things for me… When I get my hands on him, I’m going to…” 
Xavier was so angry that he almost unleashed a string of vulgar curses, but held himself back when he remembered how his bad temper had always led to Fabian gaining the upper hand in almost all their previous confrontations. 
“Heh… I know you’re doing this for fear of me stealing Hannah from you… Weren’t you really confident about it before? What, are you scared now? Fine, you want to go there? Two can play that game, so don’t blame me for what I’m about to do!” Xavier muttered to himself with a smile after thinking it through. 
He then turned towards his assistant and said, “Have a team of our elites spy on Lyna. If Fabian’s men dare make another move, we’ll just fight back!” 
The assistant frowned for a moment before he replied, “Yes, Mr. Jackson.”
“All right, you can go now. Keep me updated on this.” 
Xavier was a little anxious about getting a lead on the death of Hannah’s mom as he believed she would be grateful to him for it and end up falling for him if they spent enough time together. 
Meanwhile, Hannah was sitting by herself in the bedroom with a sad look in her eyes. 
I may have found some documentation on Felicia’s involvement in my mom’s death, but that’s far from enough for me to pin anything on her. I’ll need witnesses and physical evidence, or I won’t even be able to get her under police custody for a few days… 
Natasha came in shortly after and comforted her when she saw how depressed she looked. The two of them then watched some television before heading off to bed. 
Fabian didn’t get any rest, though. Even after arriving at the house of the woman who used to serve the Blackwood family, he spent all night using a “carrot and stick” approach just to make her submit. 
The next day, both Hannah and Natasha got up very early to prepare for Xavier’s interview despite how reluctant she was about doing it. 
With a smile on her face, Natasha waited till Hannah had walked off to contact her supervisor before pulling out her phone to make a call, “About the interview that Hannah will be conducting with Jackson Group today… Oh, all right, I understand.” 
After getting off the phone, Natasha nearly jumped in shock when she turned around and saw that Hannah had returned from her call. Holy sh*t! Thank goodness she didn’t hear anything… 
“When will we be heading out, Hannah?” she asked with a smile as she grabbed her handbag and walked towards her.
“The office has sent a car over, so I think we should go now. Sorry to keep you waiting, I was fixing my makeup.” 
“Oh, no worries!” 
Natasha then took her hand and left the house with her. 
Thinking that Hannah was arriving soon, Xavier had his assistant wait for her downstairs while he checked his appearance to make sure he looked sharper than usual. 
“Welcome, Ms. Young. Mr. Jackson has been expecting your arrival. Please follow me,” the assistant said politely as he greeted Hannah at the entrance.
###Chapter 1456
Chapter 1456 
Hannah simply flashed him a smile in response and followed silently behind him. 
“Mr. Jackson, Ms. Young is here to see you!” the assistant said after knocking on the door to Xavier’s office. 
“Come in!” Xavier called out calmly. 
The assistant then opened the door for Hannah and took a step back as he motioned for her to enter. 
It’s only a matter of time before I deal with him anyway… With that in mind, Hannah took a deep breath and walked into the office. 
Natasha decided to not enter, so the assistant arranged for her to wait in the lounge instead. 
“Mr. Jackson, I believe you are an honest and straightforward man, so how about we proceed with this interview?” Hannah asked in a clear yet polite manner as she stood in front of him. 
“Haha… take a seat, Hannah,” Xavier took no offense at all as he responded with a huge grin. 
“Please address me as ‘Ms. Young’.” 
Xavier shook his head and smiled wryly as he walked towards her with a file he had prepared for her. 
Hannah stared at him curiously, wondering what he was trying to do. 
“Here, have a look at this,” Xavier said casually while handing her the file. 
“Hmm?” Hannah stared blankly at the file in front of her. 
What is this? Why is Xavier showing me this?
After a brief moment of hesitation, Hannah decided to take the file as she knew he meant her no harm. 
This… This is evidence that Felicia has purchased the drugs from Wholehealth Pharmacy! There’s even a doctor’s signature on the prescription! Isn’t this exactly what I’ve been looking for? Does Xavier already know about my situation? Is he trying to help me out here? 
Wanting to know more, Hannah opened the file and glanced through the contents inside. 
Huh? A Chanaean household register, a share transfer agreement, an identification card, and a certificate of private property ownership… What the hell is all this? Why is he showing me this when I don’t even have anything to do with his company? 
“I know all about what happened to you…” Xavier kept his gaze fixated on Hannah who was still recovering from the shock as he continued, “including the reason you left. I’ve had my men gather evidence on Felicia’s purchases of those drugs and located the doctor who prescribed them to her. He has agreed to testify against her in court.” 
“But… what’s all this, then?” Hannah asked in confusion. 
“These are the documents for our marriage registration. I’ve had a talk with my parents, and they have no ions regarding your infertility. As for the company… Well, I plan on handing it over to my brother afterward,” Xavier replied calmly. 
Hannah’s jaw dropped when she heard what he said. “Marriage? I… Mr. Jackson, I wasn’t planning on marrying you, nor do I have any intention of having a relationship with you!” 
What the hell is Xavier saying? What makes him think I would even want to marry him when we’ve got nothing going on between us at all? Besides, I’ve decided to remain single for life!
“I understand that this can be a little hard for you to accept at once, so we can take it nice and slow. Fabian left you because you’re unable to have children, but that won’t be a problem for us. We could just adopt a child of our own,” Xavier said when he saw her reaction. 
“That’s not the issue here, I…” 
Having lost all her calm and not knowing what to say, Hannah turned around and made her way towards the door. 
However, Xavier quickly stepped forward and grabbed her by the wrist. “Hannah, you know how I feel about you. You and I are meant to be together! Believe me when I say that I will treat you well!”
###Chapter 1457
Chapter 1457 
“Let go of me, Mr. Jackson! It’s impossible for us to be together!” 
Hannah tried to break of his grip, but Xavier was simply too strong for her. 
“Why? I know Fabian has let you down, but you can’t just shut everyone else out because of him! I won’t…” 
Hannah cut him off angrily before he could finish, “This has nothing to do with Fabian! I told you that it’s impossible between us! Now, let go of me!” 
“But why? Give me a reason, and I’ll give up on you if I find it acceptable!” Xavier snapped back at her. 
“Because of… well…” Hannah stammered for quite a while, but she was unable to give him an answer. 
“Because she has me!” Fabian shouted angrily as he pushed the door open and stormed into Xavier’s office. 
“Fabian!” 
Hannah felt an urge to throw herself at him when she saw him, but held herself back as she remembered she was no longer related to him. 
Fabian simply shot Hannah a brief glance before shifting his gaze towards Xavier. “Oh, my… How bold of you! Is this how you have your interviews, Mr. Jackson?” 
Realizing he had gotten too emotional and crossed the line, Xavier quickly let go of Hannah and apologized to her, “I’m sorry, Hannah… I lost control for a bit there…”
He then turned towards Fabian and sneered, “Heh… I believe how I have my interviews is none of your concern, Mr. Norton!” 
“Hmph! Your shamelessness sure knows no bounds!” Fabian said as he stepped forward and grabbed Hannah by the wrist. 
“Hey! How dare you step into my office and take my woman away from me?” 
Xavier shouted angrily when he saw that Fabian about to leave with Hannah. The amount of disrespect from this guy is unbelievable! 
Fabian stopped in his tracks and shot him a cold glare before asking Hannah, “Are you going to stay here, or are you coming with me?” 
Go with you? But we’re not related anymore! O-Of course, I wouldn’t want to stay here either… 
After a brief moment of hesitation, Hannah said decisively, “I’ll go with you.” 
With that, Fabian shot Xavier a taunting smile as he led Hannah out of the office. 
Xavier was livid, but there was nothing he could do about it since Hannah had made that choice on her own. 
“Thank you for the rescue, Mr. Norton, but I’ll be on my way now,” Hannah said as she brushed Fabian’s hand off shortly after leaving the office. 
She then turned towards Natasha and said, “Come on, Natasha. Let’s go.” 
Fabian chose not to stop her as he wanted to take care of her mother’s case before he would try to win her back again. Having her return to him simply because he got her out of a sticky situation was unacceptable by his standards.
However, both Natasha and Hannah went missing after leaving the building, and that drove Fabian insane with worry. 
Natasha would always report Hannah’s condition to me at this hour, and yet I haven’t heard from her at all… There’s no way a professional assassin like her would forget something this important, so they must’ve run into some sort of trouble! 
Fabian was able to trace Natasha’s location using the GPS in her phone and rushed over to the airport with a group of men, only to find two mobile phones on the ground with neither of them in sight. 
Consumed by panic and fear, Fabian shouted at his trusted aides, “Search the area! Turn the place upside down if you have to! You must find them both at all costs!”
###Chapter 1458
Chapter 1458 
“Why is it you again? Haven’t you hurt me enough?” Hannah roared at the person before her in a voice filled with rage, hatred, and most of all, resentment. 
“This is all on you! Initially, everything was fine after you left. But then, you came back and started investigating my mother! Well? Can you blame me for this?” 
The person who was speaking was none other than Lyna, the daughter of Felicia Chalamet, the woman who had caused the death of Hannah’s mother. 
“How was that wrong of me? Your mother was cruel and ruthless to kill my mother in such a despicable way! She had committed a crime, so she should be brought to justice!” Hannah bellowed at Lyna in unbridled fury. 
“Huh? You’re right. You’re absolutely right! Bringing her to justice, you said? But have you ever heard of the saying, ‘every man for himself and the devil take the hindmost?’ If your mother hadn’t died, would I be able to enjoy such an easy life?” Lyna retorted with a sneer. 
“Hmph! You’d better pray that my mother is fine, or you’ll soon be accompanying your mother in the afterlife.” 
Changing the subject abruptly, she then threw Hannah a look before leaving. 
“Mr. Norton, there’s a woman here to see you, and she’s now downstairs,” Fabian’s trusted aide murmured cautiously, afraid that Fabian would fly into a rage. 
“Throw her out!”
Fury swamped Fabian, for Hannah was the only woman he loved. Yet, a woman actually came to seek me out at such a time? Does she have a death wish or what? 
“Mr. Norton, she claimed… to know Ms. Young’s whereabouts.” 
As soon as Fabian heard that, he immediately perked up. He sprang to his feet at once. “Take me to her.” 
When he got downstairs, he learned that the woman who sought him out was none other than Yvette, the person who had colluded with Lyna time and again to hurt Hannah. 
Confronted with her, he naturally treated her with utter contempt. “Well? Where is Hannah?” he demanded coldly. 
If it weren’t for the fact that she knows where Hannah is, I would’ve killed her a long time ago! 
Taking a deep breath, Yvette cut straight to the chase. “In a factory in the suburbs of Baykeep.” 
The moment her words fell, Fabian instantly rushed over with his men. 
Meanwhile, Natasha was no weakling as a professional assassin. She loosened the rope around her wrists bit by bit. Then, she whispered to Hannah, “Hannah, feign passing out with a stomachache.” 
All at once, Hannah understood her plan. While she wasn’t certain whether it would work, she still chose to trust her. Letting out a loud cry, she then faked a faint. 
“Someone, help! She has passed out!” Natasha shouted at the top of her lungs. 
Hearing that, the three men who were responsible for keeping guard over Hannah and Natasha rushed over at once. After all, their boss had left instructions for those two women to remain unharmed, so there would be hell to pay if anything happened.
“What’s wrong with her?” 
“I have no idea.” 
“Huh?” 
“Hurry up and check her over! What if something happened to her?” 
The three of them cast Hannah and Natasha a glance. Thinking that two petite women would be no match for them, one of them strode forward and leaned over Hannah. 
Seizing the opportunity, Natasha shot out and restrained the man who had leaned over. In the next moment, she kicked another man in the lower abdomen, sending him flying with an agonizing cry. 
Flipping the man whom she had restrained, Natasha then punched the remaining man. As a professional assassin, her blows were naturally lethal, so the man lost consciousness as the punch landed solidly on his neck. 
After having subdued all three men, she helped Hannah up and urged, “Let’s go, Hannah.”
###Chapter 1459
Chapter 1459 
A niggle of worry plagued Natasha, for there were four skilled fighters and a few strapping men with Lyna besides the three men keeping watch here. If I’m alone, I can naturally escape without any problem, but what about Hannah? My main task is to protect her. 
Taking Hannah’s hand, she carefully walked out. To their surprise, they didn’t encounter a single soul throughout their trek out. 
As Hannah worriedly pondered on that, she suddenly caught sight of a huge group of people in front of her that had appeared out of nowhere. Staring ahead, it was a vast sea of black. 
“Quick, run!” 
Grabbing Natasha’s hand, Hannah made to whirl around, but Natasha stilled her. 
Natasha had swiftly discerned that they were Fabian’s men, while Lyna’s men were all kneeling in front of Fabian. 
“Understood, Mr. Norton.” 
As Natasha said that, she started toward Fabian and the others without giving Hannah any chance to protest. 
“Are you okay?” Fabian asked anxiously when he saw Hannah. 
Then, he grabbed her, looking her up and down to check whether she sustained any injuries. 
Pushing his hand away in slight embarrassment, Hannah murmured softly, “Thank you, Fabian… I mean, Mr. Norton.”
However, Fabian didn’t loosen his hold on her this time. Instead, he took a step forward and pulled her into his arms. No matter how much she struggled, he showed no signs of letting her go. 
“Please come back to me. Hannah, I really can’t live without you!” he declared passionately as he stared into her eyes while cradling her head with both hands. 
In truth, Hannah really wanted to say “okay” right then and there. 
But can I do that? I’ll only bring him greater trouble if I go back! 
Nonetheless, Fabian didn’t give her an opportunity to answer. He instantly dragged her into the car and drove back to their villa. 
Subsequently, he took out everything that he had prepared beforehand and said to Hannah, “I’ve already convinced my mother, so she won’t mind your inability to have children anymore. This is a gift I prepared for you.” 
As he said that, he slowly backed away, revealing the wooden box on the table behind him. 
Without saying anything, Hannah dragged her feet over to the wooden box. After staring at it for a long while, she lit a candle and read the letter. 
After an eternity had passed, she started sobbing. Fabian didn’t say anything either, merely gazing at her with love shining in his eyes. 
A while later, Hannah got up and walked over to him. Wrapping her arms around his waist, she started kissing him slowly. 
Thank God she has finally accepted me! 
At once, Fabian breathed a sigh of relief. Phew! Thank heavens she has finally returned to me!
Needless to say, the two of them naturally made love for the entire night. 
Early the next morning, a ray of sunlight shone into the room. Fabian groggily blinked his eyes open even as he stretched his hand to the side, only to find no one beside him. 
At that, he heaved a sigh. He knew that Hannah was still bothered about her inability to have a child, but he also believed that it was only a matter of time before she returned to his side after the incident this time. 
In the course of the next few days, he settled the matter of Hannah’s biological mother. Lyna and Felicia were both brought to justice and sentenced to life imprisonment. 
As for Yvette, she was also sentenced to three years in prison. Fabian showed her mercy considering the fact that she told him the truth. 
Of course, he also pursued Hannah relentlessly. A few days later, he proposed to her in a grand affair and asked her to marry him again. 
Hannah tearfully agreed, but she then fainted out of the blue, only to be found pregnant…
###Chapter 1460
Chapter 1460 
Ring, ring… 
An ear-splitting alarm broke the initial tranquility of the morning. A few seconds later, a long and fair arm shot out from under the covers and turned the alarm off. 
Another few seconds passed before Joan rubbed her groggy eyes and started her morning ritual of getting out of bed, washing up, and having breakfast. 
Throughout it all, she didn’t make a single sound. 
Joan then arrived at the company where she worked and started completing her daily tasks. Ever since she started working at her cousin’s company, she had been very conscientious. While her performance wasn’t exactly impressive, she hadn’t made any mistakes either. 
“Good morning. This is Opulent Designs. How may I help you?” Joan answered the call skillfully when the company’s landline rang. 
“Good morning, I’m from Norton Corporation…” After having conversed for some time, Joan then hung up the phone in jubilation. 
Oh my God, I’ve finally gotten a huge project! I’ve got to work hard. I’ll definitely do my best! she resolved while jumping for joy. 
Calming herself down, she then got to her feet and rushed to Norton Corporation. I’ve got to hurry over to Norton Corporation immediately and discuss the details of the project with the person in charge lest anything happens!
Upon arriving at Norton Corporation, Joan took the elevator to the thirty-third floor. Staring at the plaque with the word “office” in front of her, she inhaled deeply before knocking on the door. 
“Come in.” A deep and mellow voice drifted out of the room. 
The moment Joan heard the voice, a sense of familiarity inexplicably niggled at her. Having no time to mull it over, she pushed open the door and walked in. 
“Nice to meet you. I’m Joan Watts from Opulent Designs.” She started introducing herself as soon as she entered the room. However, she didn’t notice that the person who had his head buried in his work at the other side of the table had stilled upon hearing her name. 
As she didn’t notice anything amiss, she continued, “I came here to discuss the details of the collaboration this time. May I know…” 
All of a sudden, she froze because the person in front of her lifted his head at that precise moment. The face that greeted her was a countenance she had missed greatly and was so familiar to her that it was engraved in her mind. 
Larry Norton! He’s a man I’ll never forget until the very day I breathe my last. Everything I experienced with him has long since been imprinted in my mind. I love him, yet I had no choice but to push him away. At the thought of that, she abruptly found it difficult to breathe. 
“W-Why is it you?” Joan muttered dazedly as she stared at the man before her. 
“Why can’t it be me?” Larry countered, his voice no longer gentle and mellow but threaded with a sharp edge. “Isn’t this Ms. Watts? Why are you here at my company?” 
“I-I’m here to discuss business with you,” she stammered in a flustered voice.
“Discuss business? In that case, do you know who’s going to discuss business with you?” Then, Larry commented mockingly, “I trust you still remember me, Ms. Watts? Anyway, it doesn’t matter even if you don’t. After all, you usually care only about yourself. You never cared about others.” 
Joan merely stood there in a daze, her lovely face drained of all color at that very moment. She stared at Larry intently with a conflicted gaze. 
As Larry spoke, he became increasingly enthusiastic. A sense of gratification at having obtained his revenge flooded him as he pinned his gaze on her panicked and helpless expression. 
“Oh yes, where’s the person you love, Ms. Watts? Where’s your boyfriend? After such a long time, you must have had quite a few boyfriends, huh?” 
His words were like a knife that mercilessly stabbed Joan right in the heart. I’ve fantasized about meeting him again countless times, but never have I thought that it would be like this. Tears of aggrieve brimmed in her eyes, and she hastily lowered her head, not wanting him to see her looking all miserable. 
The project was no longer important to her anymore. At that very moment, the only thing she wanted was to leave. Just as she was about to put her desire into action, the door of the office was slowly pushed open. 
In the next instance, a seductively dressed woman sashayed in. She had on a mini skirt with reddish- orange hair and bright lipstick. On the whole, she was a very beautiful woman. However, her slightly lifted eyebrows marked her as a scheming woman. 
“You have a guest, Larry?” As a coquettish voice sounded, the owner of it leaned against Larry.
“She’s an old friend.” Larry’s voice was neutral. In the next moment, he pulled the woman into his arms and kissed her on the cheek in a possessive move. 
At that, jubilation flooded the seductive woman though she had no idea why he suddenly did that when he had previously been lukewarm toward her. Anyhow, she then cast a smug glance at Joan who had her head hung low. Extending a hand, she murmured sweetly, “Nice to meet you. I’m Larry’s girlfriend, Gabriella Ward.” 
Gabriella Ward? Could there truly be such a coincidence? Joan’s head snapped up in astonishment, and she met Gabriella’s likewise surprised gaze. 
“Joan? It’s you? What a coincidence! Why are you here?” Gabriella greeted warmly even as a flicker of disdain and arrogance flashed across her eyes, but she promptly concealed them. 
Gabriella was Joan’s best friend during college. Her father was a renowned jeweler in Marsingfill, so the Ward family was extremely wealthy. Despite that, Gabriella was friendly with everyone and showed nary a hint of superiority over anyone. Back then, she treated Joan especially well. Of course, that was merely Joan’s naive perception. 
“Gabriella! I never thought that I’d meet you here. I’m here to look for La… I mean, Mr. Norton to discuss a business matter,” Joan answered with a faint smile while suppressing the anguish within her.
###Chapter 1461
Chapter 1461 
“Oh, I see. By the way, this is my boyfriend, Joan. Larry is very amiable, so there’s no need to be shy with him.” Gabriella took Larry’s hand with a warm smile on her face. 
She’s his girlfriend? Ah well, that makes sense. Only a beautiful and kind woman with a good family background like Gabriella is worthy of an outstanding man like him, Joan mused. At that thought, a bitter smile tugged at her lips. 
“Thank you, Gabriella. But I’m about done discussing business with Mr. Norton, so I won’t disturb the two of you. We’ll talk another day. Please excuse me.” Instead of feeling thrilled to bump into her best friend during college, she was driven by guilt to leave as soon as possible. 
“Mr. Norton, this document contains the specifics of our collaboration this time, so I’ll leave it here for your perusal. If you have any opinions or suggestions, feel to voice them out. Someone from our company will contact you further.” Her sense of responsibility to the company overshadowed her conflicted emotions at present, so Joan steeled herself and extended the contract in her hand to Larry. 
However, Larry didn’t move to take the contract. He merely stared at her coldly. As he looked at the woman who had once left him ruthlessly despite his fervent pleas, the emotions brewing within him were no less complicated than hers. 
I should hate her, so why do I feel inexplicably distressed at the sight of her vulnerable expression? No! Why should I help her when she was the one who abandoned me? As that thought occurred to him, a white-hot rush of fury abruptly surged within him. 
Snatching the contract from her, he threw it onto the table without even sparing it a single glance.
“I never expected you to be the person in charge of the project this time. It seems that your company’s credibility and integrity are questionable, so I still need to look into it further.” Sneering, he declared, “You may leave now.” 
His rejection was clear as day, making it known in uncertain terms that he didn’t want to discuss business with her. Joan wanted to leave posthaste, so she nodded and replied, “Sure. Someone else will contact you soon, so please excuse me.” 
Then, she glanced at Gabriella at the side before spinning on her heels and left. 
Gabriella was just about to say something when she glimpsed Larry’s forbidding expression. All at once, she tactfully zipped her mouth. 
Meanwhile, Larry’s hands clenched and loosened intermittently as he stared at Joan’s forlorn back. As a wave of irritation assailed him, he slammed his fist against the table hard before he stalked out of the office. 
Gabriella, on the other hand, took note of it all. 
“Joan Watts, I wonder what’s your story with Larry Norton,” she muttered with a contemplative gleam in her eyes. 
After leaving Norton Corporation, desolation engulfed Joan. She had never expected to meet Larry again and had buried her abiding love for him in the deepest depths of her memories. Nevertheless, fate was a fickle b*tch. They met each other once again in an unexpected manner, and he already had a girlfriend of his own. 
Her mind brought her back to the past, and she recalled the days when they got acquainted, fell in love, and dated. However much we loved each other, the depth of their love determined the severity of their
hurt. 
Back when they were both madly in love to the point of no return, she was informed during a medical checkup that she had a tumor in her brain, and it was already at the advanced stage. 
That news was undoubtedly a severe blow to Joan who was in the prime of her life. The doctor told her that she needed to go abroad for treatment immediately, and the possibility of recovery was less than ten percent. Worse still, she might go blind anytime because the tumor was putting pressure on her central nervous system. 
That very same day, her parents helped her to defer her studies. But the most agonizing aspect for her was having to face Larry who loved her deeply. 
To save him the anguish if anything happened to her, she chose to break up with him. And for that, she made up an excuse that she no longer loved him and had fallen in love with someone else instead. Larry begged her fervently, hoping that she would change her mind. Despite that, Joan didn’t tell him the truth although she was grief-stricken herself. On the contrary, she further provoked him with words in hopes that he would forget about her sooner.
###Chapter 1462
Chapter 1462 
The next day, Joan left without leaving a single word to Larry. And from then on, there was no news of her. Heartbroken, Larry’s personality underwent a drastic change. He then went abroad to study. When he returned to the country, he inherited Norton Corporation and became the company’s president. 
Initially, they thought that their lives would be like two parallel lines without ever intersecting again after breaking up, but destiny had brought them together once more. 
When Joan subsequently returned to the office in a daze, she notified another staff member to contact Norton Corporation. She then tried her best to forget everything that had happened that day, but his image and the wonderful memories of the past kept playing in her mind on a loop no matter how much she tried shaking them off. 
At the end of the day, I still can’t forget him. But alas, he’s no longer mine. 
Meanwhile, Larry sat in the chair in his office with his hands clasped against his forehead as he thought about everything that had happened earlier. 
Similarly, his emotions were a chaotic mess. After that woman left me, I once spent my days in a drunken stupor and led a licentious life. I thought I’d forgotten about her entirely, but I only realize that I merely buried her in the deepest part of my heart. Once I came into contact with her, our memories burst forth like water rushing out of a dam, rendering me unable to resent her or be angry at her anymore. 
Having struggled for a long while, he picked up his phone and rang up Opulent Designs. 
“Hello, this is Larry Norton here. Tell Joan Watts to come to my office tomorrow. Otherwise, don’t even dream of getting the contract from me.” After hanging up the phone, the corners of his mouth lifted a
fraction. “Hmph! I’ll make your life a living hell, Joan Watts!” 
“What? Larry… no, I mean, Mr. Norton asked me to go to his office to collect the contract? W-Why me?” Joan’s eyes almost popped out of the sockets when she learned of that. After confirming it with the other person multiple times, she finally accepted it as the truth. 
She had no desire to face Larry, but she was left with no other choice since it was the first huge project for the company and would yield long-term benefits to the development in the future. As one of the staff, she had no reason to decline. 
“I’m just going over to discuss the collaboration, so don’t think about anything else, much less mention anything irrelevant!” After convincing herself for a long time, she finally mustered up her courage to go over to Norton Corporation once more. 
When she again returned to Norton Corporation, she felt as though she was standing at the gates of hell. 
Well, there’s no other choice but to face it head-on! Firming her resolve, she strode in as though she was going to her death. 
Knock, knock, knock. 
“Come in.” 
Joan’s heart jolted, but it was already too late to make an escape when she was standing right outside his door. At that thought, she pushed open the door and walked in. 
“M-Mr. Norton, I’m here to collect the contract,” Joan murmured with her head hung low. 
“Come closer. Are you going to collect the contract from the door?” Larry’s voice was as chilly as ever.
Upon hearing that, Joan gingerly moved forward. 
“Speak!” Larry’s voice that brooked no argument rang out. 
At that, Joan swallowed as his oppressive aura struck fear into her. “I’m here to collect the contract from you. If you have any suggestions, feel to voice them out to me.” 
“Hmph! Here’s the contract. I’ve included my suggestions for your proposal and the aspects that have to be further improved.” Pausing for a moment, Larry then continued, “And most importantly, everything I mentioned there is to be completed by you alone. Remember, you’re to do everything by yourself.” 
Joan nodded dazedly in response. But after glancing through the contents of the contract, she questioned skeptically, “Did you mean that I’m to complete all the work here by myself?” 
“Is there a problem?” Larry’s voice was threaded with an obvious hint of impatience. 
“No.” How would I dare to say otherwise when the entire company’s fate is resting my shoulders alone? 
“You must complete everything in a week. Any problems with that?” 
“No problem.” Joan was on the verge of tears, but still, she gritted her teeth and agreed to his demand. 
“You may leave now,” Larry sneered after casting her a glance. 
“That’s all?” Joan was a tad surprised since she felt that he would never let her off easily. Yet, I can now leave after just a few words?
###Chapter 1463
Chapter 1463 
“Are you deaf? If you have a problem with it, put down the contract and get lost!” Larry roared, livid. Hah! This woman is still as stupid as ever! 
“Yes, yes, I understood. Goodbye, Mr. Norton,” Joan hastily replied as she trembled in terror. “Please excuse me, Mr. Norton. I look forward to working with you.” 
Without waiting for him to answer, she bolted out of the office like the hounds of hell were nipping at her heels. 
“This is just the first step. I want to get back everything you owe me. I look forward to working with you as well,” Larry mumbled as he watched her leave. Nevertheless, even he himself didn’t realize that his attitude had long since changed. 
“Phew! I’m finally out of there!” Joan breathed in deeply, for every single second she was in his office was torture to her. 
But at the thought of her conversation with him earlier, her lips that had just curved upward turned down again. 
Such a massive amount of work will require at least two people to complete in a week, so if I’m doing it alone… 
Despite her misgivings, she could only suffer in silence. Without fretting over it anymore, she instantly went back to the office and started on her insane workload. 
Every day, she worked overtime until late at night. Then, she woke up early the next morning and rushed back to the office. Without her having realized it, three days had passed.
Throughout the three days, she merely buried herself in work. While it was tiring, it was a blessing for her since she could temporarily put the matter of Larry at the back of her mind. 
While Joan was swamped with work, Larry was conversely very much agitated. Not all company matters required his personal attention, and he could also easily resolve matters involving major decision-making with his outstanding capabilities, so he had quite some time on his hands. 
Whenever he was , Joan’s image always appeared in his mind. Ever since she left, he decided to close his heart off to everyone. After all, it was only when one felt nothing that one wouldn’t get hurt. 
Tons of beautiful women flocked to him due to his imminent background and handsome outlook, yet he wasn’t at all interested in any of them. Even when it came to Gabriella, it was only because of his business dealings with the Ward family and her insistent demand to work at Norton Corporation did he agree to take her in. 
He tried his best to regard Joan as a mere business partner, but even after giving it his all, he discovered that he was merely lying to himself. The truth was, he still loved her despite hating her. 
Joan Watts, you still owe me an explanation! At that thought occurred to him, he no longer hesitated but instantly drove over to Joan’s company. 
When the limited-edition Lamborghini gradually came to a stop in front of Opulent Designs, it attracted the attention of some passersby and staff members. All of them were curious to know which tycoon was the owner of the car. 
As the car door swung open, a shining leather shoe extended out of the car, followed by a tall man in a suit. He had a handsome and captivating countenance, coupled with a pair of intelligent and profound- looking eyes. It was none other than Larry. 
“Wow! He’s so handsome!” Some ladies had long since started gawking by the roadside.
“And he’s driving such a luxurious car despite his young age! Who is he?” 
“Don’t you know him? That’s Larry Norton, the new president of Norton Corporation!” 
Larry was very much accustomed to the commotion he had created, so he didn’t tarry at all. Instead, he strode into the building. 
His arrival had the entire company descending into chaos. In no time, Joan’s cousin, who was also the owner of the company, personally came over to greet him. 
After exchanging some pleasantries, Larry asked for directions to Joan’s office and headed there right away. 
At that exact moment, Joan was taking a nap. 
Exhausted physically and mentally from the deluge of work for several days in succession, she was so tired that she dozed off. Larry sauntered in without knocking on the door. When he spotted Joan who had fallen asleep while sprawled over the table, his heart clenched abruptly. Unbidden, he stretched out a hand to touch her face. 
Coincidentally, Joan jolted awake at that precise moment. As their gazes locked, she jumped to her feet. 
“Why are you here, Mr. Norton? I wasn’t sleeping!” In the next moment, she hurriedly clapped a hand over her mouth upon realizing that she had misspoken. 
Surprisingly, Larry didn’t sink his teeth into her remark. Instead, he slowly retracted his hand that was suspended in midair and awkwardly rubbed his nose. “I just want to take a look at your revised proposal.”
###Chapter 1464
Chapter 1464 
Larry feigned calmness. 
“Sure. Here you go.” Joan swiftly handed him the proposal. 
“What’s with this crappy proposal? This won’t do! Draw up a new one!” Larry naturally didn’t forget his intention in coming to her office. 
“But why? I think it’s pretty good.” Bafflement inundated Joan. 
“Is the decision in your hands or mine? Of course, you can opt not to change it…” 
“I’ll do it, I’ll change it,” Joan interrupted him, knowing that the matter was in her control. 
“There’s no need to do it now. I’m thirsty, so get me a cup of coffee,” Larry ordered. 
“I’ll have someone make a cup of coffee for you.” 
“You do it!” 
Joan could tell that Larry was deliberately making things difficult for her, but she didn’t mind it. I owe him too much, so it’ll assuage my guilt if I even get to repay him the slightest bit. 
“Here’s your coffee, Mr. Norton.” Lacking the guts to look at him, she dipped her head. 
Larry took the coffee and placed it on the table. Then, he stared at her. At that moment, it was as though time had come to a standstill. 
After a long moment, he demanded, “Lift your head up, Joan Watts. I’ve got a question for you.”
Upon hearing that, Joan shook slightly. Has this moment finally arrived despite me hoping otherwise? But what should I do? 
She raised her head and met his deep and conflicted gaze. 
“You still owe me an explanation. Why did you leave me back then?” Larry’s voice carried a weight that overwhelmed her. 
However, Joan remained silent. 
“Why? Why did you leave? Do you know how much your actions hurt me?” Larry’s voice was no longer calm. “Do you have any idea how I suffered back then?” 
Gradually, Joan’s eyes turned red-rimmed, and tears shimmered within them. “I know I have wronged you, but we can never go back to how things once were.” 
She tried her utmost best to suppress the urge to wail aloud. I love him! I love him so much, but he already has a girlfriend of his own now, and she’s my best friend to boot! In that case, how could I tell him the truth and make us both miserable? 
At the sight of the tears swimming in her eyes, Larry felt as though someone had stabbed him in the heart. “So, you’re still unwilling to tell me the truth? Or was it truly because you had fallen in love with someone else back then?” 
In the end, Joan’s tears still escaped her eyes and streamed down her face like a faucet. “If you think so, then just continue to believe in that. I’m sorry. I’m really sorry.” 
At the end of the day, she still chose to sacrifice the love she could have attained. Even now, she was still willing to do anything for him.
Seemingly grasping the sorrow and despair in her eyes, Larry felt that he shouldn’t continue coercing her. Perhaps she truly had her own reasons in doing that. 
“You don’t need to apologize. Neither of us owes the other anything, for I did everything for you willingly.” 
He reverted to his calm and unruffled state once again. He couldn’t bear to see her in distress even if they could no longer go back to how things once were. 
“There’s no need to change the proposal anymore. You may continue your work. I’ll leave now.” After saying that, he left without a backward glance. He didn’t dare tarry for even a single second, afraid that he would relent and hug her tightly upon seeing her sad and helpless expression. 
He has left, so he has probably given up on me, huh? I’ve pushed him away again, just like how I ruthlessly left him back then! 
Joan’s love for him remained in her blood, and the vivid memories consumed her time and again. As she crouched on the ground in agony, tears flowed soundlessly. 
Since I’ve made my choice, I shouldn’t regret it anymore! 
She chose to forget the past. Her present self merely wanted to complete the business deal smoothly and she would sever all ties with him after that. 
I don’t want to be hounded by the past anymore. I only want to live my life peacefully, and at the same time, wish him happiness! 
It was good to have a resolution, but Larry didn’t give her such an opportunity.
Presently, it was already the fourth time he came to Opulent Designs, and the staff members had already gotten used to his presence from their initial surprise and awe. 
Starting from his third visit, the owner of Opulent Designs no longer came out to greet him personally. Good Lord, his visits are so frequent that I truly can’t be bothered to welcome him every single day!
###Chapter 1465
Chapter 1465 
He made his way to Joan’s office casually, Larry pushed opened the door and parked his butt on a chair before staring at the woman who had her head buried in her work. 
“You’re here, Mr. Norton?” Joan greeted without even lifting her head as though she had known about his arrival in advance. 
“Yeah. Anyhow, just carry on with your work. I’m just here to check on your progress,” Larry answered. He was still a tad perturbed by her addressing him as Mr. Norton, but he couldn’t do anything about that. 
“Okay, please make yourself at home, then. I’ll entertain you in a moment.” Joan maintained a businesslike attitude. 
Sensing the distance in her tone, a wave of irritation assailed Larry. He took out a cigarette from his pocket and lit it. That was a bad habit he had developed after she left, and it had now become an addiction. 
At the sight of him smoking, a flash of desolation flittered across Joan’s eyes. He never smoked in the past, so it might be because of me as well. At the thought of that, her guilt multiplied. 
Larry was sitting very close to her, so Joan inevitably inhaled the lingering cigarette smoke. She had an inherent dislike of cigarette smoke, so despite having tried her best to suppress her distaste, a few light coughs still escaped her in the end. 
Upon hearing her coughing, Larry’s brows furrowed. All of a sudden, he remembered that she loathed the reek of cigarette smoke in the past. After hesitating for a long while, he snubbed out the cigarette in his hand and threw it into the trash can at the side.
“I’m hungry, Joan Watts. Accompany me to lunch.” Larry sounded as though he was issuing an order, his tone brooking no argument. 
“Thanks, Mr. Norton. I’m not hungry at the moment, so I’d like to continue with my work for a while,” Joan declined tactfully. She had been doing her best to avoid having too much interaction with him although her efforts had been futile. 
“This is just business, what with me having a meal with a collaborator. So, don’t read too much into it. Also, I’ve got some business matters to discuss with you.” Larry gave her no room to turn him down. “Let’s go.” 
At that, Joan inwardly heaved a sigh. Good grief, why am I still so obedient to him, just like I did in the past? 
Subsequently, the two of them went to a western restaurant and took their seats at the table. 
“Just order whatever you want to eat.” Larry handed the menu to Joan. 
“Thank you.” After thanking him politely, Joan ordered a steak. Likewise, Larry also ordered something at random. 
Thereafter, a long silence reigned. Larry was waiting for Joan to speak, but the latter still seemed exceedingly reluctant to do so. 
In the end, he broke the silence himself. “The proposal is almost done, right?” 
“Yes,” Joan replied softly. “It should be ready by tomorrow.” 
“What’s your plan after that?” An unprecedented bolt of apprehension shot through Larry at the thought that he would no longer have an excuse to seek her out in the future.
“My plan? I don’t have any plans. I just want to focus on my job and live a simple life. That’s enough for me,” Joan answered calmly. 
Also, to stay away from you. She added inwardly after she finished saying that. 
“I see.” Words eluded Larry for a moment, so he buried his head in his food. 
Unbeknownst to them, it so happened that Gabriella’s best friend, Lynette, witnessed the lunch date and even secretly took a video clip of it. 
After the two of them had finished eating, Larry drove Joan back to the office before speeding off. When Joan had returned to the office, she continued working on the proposal. 
Lynette then sent the video clip to Gabriella. After watching it, Gabriella blew a fuse. 
Ever since she met Joan the previous time, she had sensed that her relationship with Larry wasn’t as simple as they claimed. Thus, she had someone investigated the matter, only to discover that they actually dated during college. 
She went abroad to Beskary then, so she didn’t know about their relationship before that. 
“You’re such a vixen, Joan Watts! How dare you attempt to seduce Larry again when I treated you so well in the past? What an ungrateful wretch!” Gabriella hissed through gritted teeth. 
She had been regarding Larry as her prospective boyfriend, so she felt as though someone had stolen something off hers upon seeing that Joan and Larry could possibly rekindle their relationship. 
That feeling was particularly acute when she could distinctly sense that Larry still loved Joan. While she had no evidence of that, her womanly intuition told her otherwise. As that thought occurred to her, the unease within her snowballed.
###Chapter 1466
Chapter 1466 
“Well, well… I’ve got to teach you a lesson since you don’t know your place,” Gabriella snarled resentfully. Then, she made a phone call. 
“Quincy, it’s me, Gabriella Ward. I need a favor. Don’t worry, I’ll reward you accordingly.” Shortly after, she hung up the phone with her lips curved into a contemptuous smile. 
“You want to go up against me, Joan Watts? I’m afraid you’re still far from being my match!” 
Joan glanced at her cell phone, only to realize that it was already past midnight. “Let’s call it a day now. I’ll work overtime again tomorrow, and I’ll be able to wrap it up,” she muttered to herself. 
After mumbling that, she stretched before packing up. Then, she shouldered her handbag and left the office. 
She had to go through a relatively short alley on her way back to her rented house. Nonetheless, she didn’t really pay it much heed since she was used to taking that alley. 
As it was the middle of the night, the alley was devoid of any life. When a gust of wind swept past, she suddenly shivered and pulled her clothes tighter against herself even as she instinctively quickened her steps. 
The moment she reached the corner of the alley, however, she was abruptly startled. Three men were standing around the corner while puffing away, and their gazes were pinned intently on her. 
All of a sudden, a sense of panic seized her. Oh God, I’d better not provoke these ruffians in the dead of the night! She hastily lowered her head and quickly walked away. 
As soon as she had walked past those three ruffians, she wanted to breathe a long sigh of relief.
“Why are you in such a hurry, missy?” But alas, one of the ruffians spoke in a heavy accent. “Where are you headed to?” 
“Missy, you’re Joan Watts, yes?” the man who was obviously the leader of the ruffians drawled. He was none other than the person whom Gabriella phoned, Quincy. 
“I-I’m not Joan Watts. You’ve got the wrong person,” Joan hurriedly denied as she glanced at Quincy, who was as thin as a stick and had a vertical scar bisecting his face. Naturally, she could tell that these people were here to target her specifically. 
“Regardless, you’re still a pretty good choice to satisfy our desires first.” 
“Haha, that’s right, Quincy. She must be pretty fun to fu*k since she’s so beautiful.” 
Giving Joan no chance to escape, the three of them surrounded her. 
Terrified by the situation that was unfolding before her, Joan could no longer think of any good method to deflect their attention. 
Desperate, she started yelling at the top of her lungs, “Someone, please help me! Help!” 
As she shouted relentlessly, she attempted to break out of the three men’s confined circle. 
However, she failed to do so with the puny strength she had. Instead, Quincy grabbed her shoulders. 
“Haha, do you think all those scenes in TV series actually work? Go on and shout. We’ll just see whether anyone will come to your rescue,” Quincy drawled with a leering smile as he caressed her face. 
“This is a really great job. Not only do we get to make a few quick bucks, but we’re also getting to enjoy such a beautiful girl!”
By then, the ruffian on the left had already started tearing at Joan’s clothes. 
“No! Let go of me!” Joan wailed in despair. 
“Actually, this isn’t such a great job.” 
A cold, hard voice split the air just when the three ruffians were just about to make their move on Joan, and it was none other than Larry, who had just rushed over. 
“Who are you?” 
The sudden voice startled all three of them. 
“The person who’ll be putting you in the hospital!” 
At the sight of Joan in tears, stark fury gripped Larry, and he sounded just like a devil who had come from hell. 
“You? What a joke! Buddies, beat him up!” 
Infuriated by his words, Quincy teamed up with the other ruffians to teach him a lesson since he was so impudent. 
But just as Quincy’s words fell, Larry had already shot out like a cheetah and streaked over to him, grabbing his fist that was headed at his face. 
Crack! 
After the crisp sound of bone cracking, Quincy’s agonized scream pierced through the air. His arm was already bent at a ninety-degree angle before he had even realized it.
Having snapped his arm, Larry then bent forward without a moment’s delay to dodge the knife someone swung at his back even as he kicked out his leg with the momentum. In the next instance, another crack rang out, and the ruffian collapsed to the ground, howling and hugging his leg. 
In just a few seconds, two ruffians were already defeated. Upon seeing the abysmal state of affairs, the other ruffian wanted to take off, but he was then sent sprawling to the ground with a kick from Larry.
###Chapter 1467
Chapter 1467 
“Well? Spit it out! Who sent you? Otherwise, you’ll end up like the two of them!” 
Larry’s voice was dripping with a bone-deep chill as he placed his leg on the ruffian’s body. 
“I-I don’t know anything! I only know that it was a woman! I don’t know anything else!” the ruffian blurted without even thinking about it. 
After all, the sight of his two buddies howling on the ground struck such terror into him that his heart was about to pound out of his chest. 
A woman? 
After pondering for a moment, the answer came to Larry. 
Disregarding the ruffians, he then rushed over to Joan. When he saw her shaken state, his heart shattered, and he pulled her into his arms lovingly. 
“You’re fine now. I’m here, so everything is going to be okay.” 
Larry stroked her back gently, and his voice was a soothing tenor. 
Hugging him tightly, Joan sobbed softly. A sense of security engulfed her at his solid and warm embrace. 
“Let’s go. I’ll walk you home,” Larry murmured. 
Only then did Joan realize that she had been hugging him for some time, and she swiftly released her hold on him. When her hands were empty, she instinctively clutched the hem of her clothes with embarrassment written all over her face.
“Thank you.” 
She didn’t quite know what to say, so in the end, the many things she wanted to say all condensed into a succinct expression of thanks. 
“Nah,” Larry grunted in response. “Let’s go.” 
Then, he took the lead and walked ahead of her. 
When they arrived at Joan’s house, he stayed for a while. After ascertaining that she was fine, he told her to rest well before leaving. 
As his car sped off, his face was blanketed with a layer of frost. 
The entire night passed in silence. When Larry went to work the next morning, he headed straight for Gabriella’s office. 
At that moment, Gabriella was spacing out as she contemplated how she should handle Larry’s confrontation. In fact, she had already known about everything that had happened last night itself. 
Besides panic, she also felt a hint of regret. 
Damn it all to hell! It was such a great opportunity to teach Joan Watts a lesson, but alas, my plan was ruined by Larry’s appearance! 
“Gabriella Ward.” 
Gabriella jumped at the sudden voice. When she saw who it was, she forced a smile. 
“Oh, it’s you, Larry?” 
She then promptly got up to entertain him.
“Last night, your best friend, Joan Watts, was ambushed by three ruffians in an alley.” 
Larry cut straight to the chase without wasting any time. 
“What? How did that happen?” Gabriella’s face paled upon hearing that. Then, she queried, “Is she okay?” 
“You should know the answer to that better than anyone else, no?” Larry retorted in a terse voice. 
“What are you saying? How would I know about that?” Gabriella put up a calm front as she said that. “You’ve got to believe me, Larry!” 
“I’ve already gotten the answer to the entire matter. Are you still planning on lying to my face? Gabriella Ward, if you’ve got the guts to do something, you should also have the guts to admit to it! Don’t make me hate you.” 
Gabriella’s pretentious expression repulsed Larry, so he didn’t give her any quarter. 
Upon seeing that the matter was already out in the open and feigning innocence would only make him despise her all the more, Gabriella bit the bullet. “Yes, it was indeed my doing! I’ve investigated your past with her thoroughly, and it was she who ruthlessly left you back then. In that case, what right does she have to seek you out again now? She’s nothing more than a b*tch! I’m the one who truly loves you!” 
“Shut up!” 
It was glaringly obvious that Gabriella’s play to his emotions had zero effect on him. 
“That is not a reason to hurt someone else. If it happens again, my company will have no use of you!” 
After saying that, Larry left without a backward glance.
“This is all on you, Joan Watts! I’ll definitely get back at you for this!” 
Intense hatred gleamed in Gabriella’s eyes when she saw him whirling around and leaving so resolutely. 
Thereafter, Larry went to Opulent Designs. Despite having suffered a severe blow from the incident yesterday, Joan was adamant about coming to work. 
She was working on the proposal when Larry arrived, and she hastily stood up at the sight of him entering her office. 
“Y-You’re here,” Joan stammered. 
“Yeah. How’s the proposal coming?” 
Larry didn’t mention a single word about the incident last night as though nothing had ever happened.
###Chapter 1468
Chapter 1468 
“It’ll be ready to be handed over to Norton Corporation tomorrow after a bit of overtime tonight.” 
Joan’s eyes were fixed on Larry. Everything that had happened last night was still vivid in her mind, and she remembered all that he had done for her. 
“Submit the proposal to me the day after tomorrow. In the future, try not to work overtime anymore. It’s bad for health.” 
Larry’s voice was a tad cold and stiff, but Joan could still discern the smidgen of concern in it. 
A burst of warmth instantly infused her, and she replied with a smile, “Thank you.” 
At the thought that the day after tomorrow would be the last time they were seeing each, a wealth of anguish weighed upon her. 
It was only when she was swamped with work could she control herself from thinking about him. Whenever she had a little time on her hands, his image and every single detail about him would flood into her mind and occupy every inch of it. 
I can’t deny that I still love him deeply, but he already has a girlfriend, and she’s my best friend during college. How could I be the third party who destroys their relationship? After having concluded this business deal, I’ll leave. 
In the end, she chose to run away from him. 
However, no one knew whether leaving would actually be a relief or an agonizing torture. 
Meanwhile, in the residence of the Ward family…
“Dad, is our family the biggest business partner of Norton Corporation?” Gabriella inquired sweetly as she massaged her father, Landon Ward. 
“Yup. At present, the Ward family’s biggest business partner is indeed Norton Corporation. But as Norton Corporation is the biggest company in Marsingfill, we’re not their most important collaborator. Rather, we are the one depending on them in many aspects.” 
Landon had his eyes closed as he luxuriated in his daughter’s rare show of filial piety. 
“What’s wrong, Gabriella? Why did you suddenly ask about business?” 
“Ah, it’s nothing. It’s just that I really like Larry, and he has feelings for me as well. Will it be beneficial to our family and mutually benefit both parties if the two families join in marriage?” 
Finally, Gabriella revealed her ultimate goal—to bind herself with Larry by making use of the excuse of uniting with Norton Corporation via marriage. In that case, no matter how much Larry Norton loves Joan Watts, he can’t possibly go against his family’s wishes! 
“Hmm? You mean, Larry Norton is also enamored of you?” 
As Landon looked at his fair and beautiful daughter, he felt that she wasn’t lying to him. 
“Yes, Dad. That day, Larry even kissed me.” Shyness was written all over Gabriella’s face. 
“Haha, this is indeed a good choice since you’re both in love with each other, and joining in marriage is beneficial to us!” Landon exclaimed cheerfully. “I’ll phone Finnick in a while and feel him out.” 
“Thank you, Dad! You’re the best!” 
Over the moon, Gabriella planted a hard kiss on Landon’s cheek. 
Shortly after, Landon made a call to Norton Residence.
“Hello, Finnick! It’s me, Landon.” 
“Oh, it’s you! Why did you suddenly ring me up, old boy?” 
Larry’s father, Finnick, and Landon were old friends, so they weren’t all that restrained with each other. 
“Finnick, there’s a fantastic matter I’d like to discuss with you.” 
“Hmm? What fantastic matter are you speaking of?” Finnick asked. 
“I heard that my daughter and Larry’s relationship is really good, so I’d like to ask whether you’re interested in joining in marriage.” 
Finnick was taken aback for a moment before he replied with a chuckle, “This is indeed a fantastic matter. You know what? Larry hasn’t mentioned a single word to me! But Landon, Larry’s mother and I don’t really interfere in Larry’s marriage. Why should we trouble ourselves with our children’s affairs? Just let them be.” 
Hearing that, a bitter smile bloomed on Landon’s face. “You’re right. I was just eager to have even closer ties with you that I didn’t consider that. In that case, I’ll just let them be.” 
“Haha…” 
At the side, Gabriella heard the conversation loud and clear. While resentment blazed within her, she herself knew that an arranged marriage was likely out of the question. 
It was the day Joan was going to Norton Corporation to submit the proposal, and she had made all the preparations early in the morning. 
This was her third time standing at the entrance of Norton Corporation, and each time, her emotions were vastly different.
###Chapter 1469
Chapter 1469 
Joan hesitated for a moment before she took a deep breath and entered. 
Larry’s office was open. Joan stood at the side of the door and stared at him, who was working away at his desk. 
He is just as he has always been. Chiseled jawline, clear gaze, and a small frown as he worked intently… 
Everything seems familiar, but… 
Larry looked up when he sensed that someone was looking at him. That was when he caught Joan staring. 
“You’re here,” commented Larry calmly. His voice carried a hint of excitement, but it was virtually undetectable. 
“Yeah, I’m here to hand the report in,” replied Joan softly. 
“Oh, okay. Just place it on the table,” replied Larry after being momentarily stunned. 
Joan put the report on the table. She then stood there without saying a word. Larry remained quiet as he sat in his chair as well. The atmosphere in the room instantly turned slightly tense. 
“Mr. Norton, it was a pleasure to collaborate with your company. We wish that we can collaborate again in the future,” said Joan. 
She grinned. I have to let go, regardless of how unwilling I am.
She then extended her hand politely. It seemed that she wanted to feel the warmth of Larry’s hand one last time. 
The ridiculously polite tone and gesture that Joan made got Larry a little speechless. After some time, he stood up and shook Joan’s hand. 
“Sure. I hope we’ll get the opportunity to work together again.” 
Will that really happen? thought Joan with a bitter smile on her face. 
“Well, I better not take up any more of your time, Mr. Norton. Goodbye,” said Joan. 
She took one last look at Larry and smiled at him before she turned around and left the office. 
Larry didn’t say anything. He simply watched as she left. 
Joan’s life reverted to its calm and uneventful style over the next few days. She went to work like she had always done so, but her heart simply couldn’t stop yearning for him. 
Someone dropped by her workplace on a random day. He wore a casual outfit and had a baseball cap on. He was handsome, and his smile seemed especially cheery. 
He walked right up to the receptionist and smiled before asking, “Hello. May I know how to get to Ms. Joan Watts’ office?” 
The receptionist answered the man politely. 
“Thank you,” said the guy before he left. 
“What is up lately? Why do handsome dudes keep dropping by to look for Joan? How I wish someone that good-looking would come look for me too…” mumbled the receptionist.
Knock! Knock! Knock! 
Someone knocked on the door to Joan’s office. 
“Come in.” 
Joan looked up. Her nonchalant expression instantly turned gleeful as she did so. 
“Dustin! What brought you here? Come in,” invited Joan excitedly as she stood up. 
Dustin Silverman was Joan’s doctor while she was getting treatment for her illness. They spent a lot of time together as they battled her illness, and Dustin eventually fell for Joan. He found her to be a sweet, kind, but sometimes clueless woman. Joan, on the other hand, regarded him as a great friend because he took good care of her. 
The reason why Dustin came all the way to Marsingfill was to court Joan and get her to be his girlfriend. 
For that, he specifically put in a request to be transferred to the place where Joan was staying. He did all that just to be close to her. 
“Joan, how have you been?” asked Dustin as he sat down. He had a smile on his face the entire time, and it seemed like he was delighted. 
“I was transferred to the city for work. Looks like we’ll be seeing each other a lot again,” said Dustin. 
The two of them exchanged some pleasantries and chatted away happily. They were old friends who were catching up, so before they knew it, they had already spent a lot of time together. 
“You’re working now, so I better not disturb you. Let’s hang out again once you’re .”
Dustin’s ive for visiting was to see how Joan was doing. He didn’t want to overstay his welcome after seeing her, so he stood up to leave. 
“How about I treat you to dinner after I clock off? Let an old friend treat you for traveling all the way over to her humble city,” suggested Joan. 
Dustin grinned brightly after receiving that invitation. 
“Deal, but I have to warn you, I will be asking for an expensive meal,” joked Dustin. 
“No problem. It’s settled, then,” replied Joan. 
The two of them smiled as they looked into each other’s eyes. 
Meanwhile, Larry was troubled over the past few days.
###Chapter 1470
Chapter 1470 
Larry’s mind warned him against looking for Joan again. She hurt me and heartlessly abandoned me. I have no reason whatsoever to go to her. 
Anyone who had been hurt would not do the same thing that hurt them in the first place. 
However, his heart kept yearning for her. It told him that he loved her so, so much. It didn’t matter what Joan did to him in the past. He was convinced that she didn’t have a choice. 
Larry had been troubled by that issue for days, but he decided to follow his heart after debating endlessly with himself. 
Since I’m still in love with her, I should just go all out. 
With that thought in mind, Larry drove his car and hurried over to the office where Joan worked. She should be clocking off any minute now. Larry wanted to treat her to a meal and take the opportunity to talk to her. Maybe we can clear out all the misunderstandings or something. 
Larry lit up a cigarette as he waited in his car. He was bored because Joan hadn’t shown up yet. 
When he finally saw Joan’s figure, energy surged through his body, and he jumped a little. He extinguished the cigarette and was ready to head over right away. 
However, before he could, he paused. Wait, Joan’s not alone. She’s walking with another man! 
“Dustin, what cuisine would you like to have?” asked Joan as she swiped on her phone. 
“You decide. I’m good with anything,” replied Dustin with a grin. 
“It’s not safe to walk while checking your phone. Let me guide you,” offered Dustin.
After saying that, he held Joan’s arm to guide her. Joan wasn’t bothered by his gesture. She even smiled sweetly at him. 
The two of them chatted happily as they walked down the street. Larry, on the other hand, was burning with fury as he sat in his car. 
The way Joan interacts with that man makes them seem like a couple! 
Larry almost lost control of himself upon coming to that conclusion. He was so angry that it felt like his rage would soon burn away all of his sanity. 
He didn’t spare any time to consider the situation. Stepping on the gas, Larry zipped his car toward the two adults immediately after. 
Joan and Dustin were discussing where they might eat when they heard a noise behind them and instinctively turned around only to see a car speeding toward them. 
“Dustin, watch out!” 
Joan shrieked to warn Dustin. 
The Lamborghini was practically touching Dustin’s body when it screeched to a halt. 
Larry hopped out of the car and walked to Joan. He interrogated angrily, “Joan Watts, who is this? Why are you hanging out with him?” 
Joan slowly recovered from the shock. When she saw that the driver was Larry, she huffed in an annoyed tone, “Larry, what kind of a driver are you? You almost hit my friend!” 
“Friend? He’s not your boyfriend, is he?” growled Larry icily.
“What does that have anything to do with you?” refuted Joan loudly, “Mr. Norton, our business deal has concluded, and that last bit of connection between us has been severed. What right do you have to butt into my private life?” 
“Who is he?” demanded Larry once more. 
He ignored Joan’s words and insisted on getting an answer out of her. 
“You don’t get to care. So what if he is my boyfriend?” challenged Joan. 
She was losing her temper as well, and she refused to back down. 
Just then, Dustin wrapped his arm around Joan’s waist gently and glared tauntingly at Larry. It was as if the former was declaring his territory. 
“Please stop bothering Joan. She is not interested in you, and bothering her won’t help your cause whatsoever!” 
Larry saw how Dustin was holding Joan, and how she didn’t seem to mind at all. That got Larry to give up interrogating her about the matter. 
She has someone else with her now, and it no longer matters to her if I am here for her or not. 
“Oh, so that’s how it is… right, Joan? This is your boyfriend. You left me all those years ago because you fell for someone else too! Am I right?” demanded Larry. His eyes were burning with immense fury when he growled, “And to think that I assumed your hands were tied when you left. You truly disappointed me!” 
Larry tried his best to control himself, but he still couldn’t calm down.
After howling and spewing insults, Larry got into his car and left, looking like a lone wolf with a broken heart. 
Joan’s heart felt like it was being shredded. She had repeatedly hurt him, so it no longer mattered if her hands were tied. I am not worthy of his love. 
“Joan, are you alright?” asked Dustin in a concerned tone. “I held you because the circumstances forced me to do so. You’re not mad about it, are you?” 
Joan quickly wiped her tears away before she grinned and replied, “No, I’m not mad. Thank you, Dustin.”
###Chapter 1471
Chapter 1471 
“I’m glad to hear that. Let’s go have dinner together now.” 
“I’m sorry, Dustin. But I don’t think I can go have a meal with you tonight. I’ll make up for it some other day,” promised Joan. 
She sounded apologetic and hurt. At that moment, all she wanted to do was to go home and have a good sleep. 
“Then, let me walk you home,” offered Dustin. “We’ll have plenty of opportunities to have a meal together. It’s fine to postpone this one.” 
“Thank you.” 
“You don’t need to be that courteous with me.” 
Seeing Joan and Dustin walking side-by-side together, Gabriella finally revealed herself from the dark. 
“My, my, Joan. You really are a popular succubus, but you won’t defeat me this time,” said Gabriella with a gleeful smile before she left happily. 
Meanwhile, Larry was deep in his thought while hiding in the dark as well. He needed some time to process everything that happened that day. 
As it turned out, he didn’t actually leave earlier. The reason being when he turned around, he caught Gabriella spying on Joan. 
Larry was a little suspicious and had his guard up when he saw Gabriella there. She is the one who hired the guy to bully Joan. I wonder what she has up her sleeves this time.
Gabriella showing up also helped calm Larry down quickly. He was no longer furious when he observed everything from the side. 
From his position, he could somewhat make out the conversation between Joan and Dustin. 
Ah, so Dustin’s not her boyfriend… His mood immediately brightened upon realizing that. 
But why did that foolish woman lie to me? Looks like I will have to investigate the matter further. 
Larry drove his car and disappeared into the night. 
Gabriella sent someone to investigate Dustin as soon as she got home. 
The Wards had always had a good rapport with the underworld society in Marsingfill, so she was able to learn everything quickly. 
Gabriella grinned at her discovery. 
So Dustin is a renowned doctor who treated Joan in the past. If I can get my hands on the old photos they took together, I can send them to Larry and tell him that Joan heartlessly dumped him for the doctor. After that… 
Gabriella suddenly felt as if her fantasy of being with Larry was within reach and could indeed become reality. 
She decided to strike while the iron was hot. The first thing she did was gather photos of Joan and Dustin together. She collected anything that could make anyone mistake those two as a couple. Then, she had her people printed everything out. 
All that’s left now is to get them to Larry.
Gabriella grinned happily at that thought. Unbeknownst to her, however, Larry had already seen through all her schemes. 
On the following day, Gabriella walked into Norton Corporation confidently with the printed photos in hand. 
The evidence is all here. I’d like to see how you defend that b*tch now, Larry! 
“Larry, can I come in?” said Gabriella. 
She deliberately made her voice sound sweet while waiting patiently behind the door. 
“Come in,” said Larry. 
He sounded as calm as he had always been. 
“Larry, I need to tell you something,” informed Gabriella with a straight face on. 
“What’s wrong, Gabriella? You can tell me anything,” replied Larry. 
He had put his pen down and stopped working entirely because he wanted to see what Gabriella was up to. 
“It’s… Well, I think I should just show you these photographs,” said Gabriella before handing the photos over. 
Larry accepted the folder and checked the photos out. That was when he realized that those were photos that Joan took with Dustin. The two of them weren’t physically close, but it was obvious that they were good friends.
Larry was uncomfortable when he saw the photos of Joan hanging out with other men. Still, he turned to Gabriella and asked, “What are you trying to say?” 
“Larry, these photos are taken from a few years ago. That means Joan was already with that Dustin guy back then. She left you for him, and this is proof of her betrayal!” announced Gabriella firmly. It was as if she had investigated everything thoroughly. 
Larry nodded. He had already gotten used to Gabriella’s tricks. 
“Alright, I got it,” replied Larry. “You don’t need to worry about this anymore.”
###Chapter 1472
Chapter 1472 
Gabriella was stunned. Why does Larry sound so calm? It’s as if he already knows all that. Also, what does he mean when he says that I don’t need to worry about this anymore? 
“Well, what do you plan to do? You can’t let her get away with it!” insisted Gabriella, who was starting to feel nervous. 
“I have my plans, so don’t you do anything to hurt Joan.” 
“After everything I’ve shown you? How long are you going to keep defending her blindly?” roared Gabriella. 
“All you need to do is keep my words in mind. I’m tired and you should leave,” said Larry. 
He showed no signs of hesitation as he chased her away. 
Gabriella was so angry that she was gritting her teeth. Unfortunately, there was nothing she could do about it. In the end, she stomped on the floor and left begrudgingly. 
Joan Watts, since things have turn out this way, don’t blame me for being cruel and ignoring our past friendship! 
Gabriella grinned evilly as a vile scheme made its way to her mind. 
She got home and sat on the sofa for a while before dialing a number. 
“Hello, who is this?” asked the man on the other end of the line. 
“It’s me, Gabriella Ward.”
“Why are you calling again?” demanded the other party angrily when he heard her reply. 
The man in question was none other than Quincy, who didn’t accomplish his mission of bullying Joan and instead got his arm broken by Larry. 
At first, Quincy thought that he got a lucrative job, but he hadn’t even gotten anything before someone else broke his arm. Hence, he was furious with the situation. 
He was also filled with resentment for Gabriella. 
“I want you to do something for me,” requested Gabriella, who seemed to be ignorant about how angry Quincy was at that moment. 
“I’m not interested. Find someone else,” said Quincy. He didn’t dare to accept any more jobs from Gabriella. 
“I will transfer a million into your account once everything is done.” 
The man on the other side of that line turned quiet. He was just a street hooligan, and a million was a fortune to him. 
He didn’t hesitate for long. Unable to resist the tempting call of wealth, Quincy gritted his teeth and asked, “Tell me what you need.” 
“Go after the woman I targeted earlier. I want you to kidnap her and drug her before getting someone else to sleep with her. Then, I want you to videotape the entire thing and share it on the internet. I don’t care what you have to do to accomplish it. Just know that I will pay you a million when it’s done, and you are to leave this city immediately after,” said Gabriella in a cruel tone. 
Quincy gasped a little as a chill ran down his spine. He never thought that someone as beautiful as Gabriella would turn out to be that evil.
Still, he had no reason to reject her request. I’ll leave Marsingfill as soon as I get the money and I’ll be able to lead a good life. 
He gritted his teeth before agreeing, “Fine, I will do as you asked. However, I want the money paid to me immediately after the deed is done. You know what we will do to you if you don’t pay up.” 
“Don’t worry, it’s just a million. I’ll definitely pay you.” 
Gabriella didn’t hesitate to agree to those terms. After all, the money meant nothing to her. In fact, she was willing to pay ten million if it meant destroying Joan. 
“It’s a deal, then!” both parties agreed to the plan. 
Meanwhile, Joan, who had her guard down at the moment, was oblivious to the fact that a devious scheme to bring her down was in the making. 
She had a rare day off, so she slept in. After she woke up, she went for a walk to relax her mind. 
Getting out of the house and having some fresh air eased the depression she had been feeling over the past few days. 
As she walked, she thought about what meal she should treat Dustin to that night. They agreed to meet up yesterday, and Joan wanted to welcome Dustin into the city. 
Suddenly, two men with a baseball cap on ambushed her from behind. They walked up to Joan and tossed a sack over her head immediately. 
It was obvious that it was not the first time they committed a crime like that. They clamped her mouth shut and dragged her into a white car that was parked at the side of the road. 
“Mmm! Mmm!”
Joan tried to call out for help, but all that could be heard were muffled sounds. She struggled endlessly to try to get someone else to notice her. 
That was when one of the men hit the back of her neck and made her faint on the spot. 
When she finally came around, Joan discovered that she had been taken to an abandoned warehouse. They had tossed her to the floor and had bound both her hands and her legs. She was also gagged.
###Chapter 1473
Chapter 1473 
Joan scanned her surroundings fearfully. Hopelessness filled her heart, and she had no idea what she would have to endure later. She didn’t know if anyone would come to rescue her, either. 
Larry, please come and rescue me, was the first thought that surfaced in Joan’s mind. She was frantic at that moment and the scene of Larry rescuing her back then kept replaying in her mind. He was now her only hope. 
The door to the warehouse opened, and two men with masks on entered. They removed the gag they placed on Joan. 
“Who are you? Why did you kidnap me?” asked Joan. 
Her big, round eyes were shining with fear. 
“Hahaha!” 
The two men laughed maliciously as they stared at Joan. 
“We don’t really have an agenda. All we want is to put on a show with you,” replied one of the men before he got a pill out of his possession. He then walked over to feed it to Joan. 
“Here, take this. It will make things so much better later!” 
“Hehe.” 
The two men chuckled as their gaze burned with lust. 
Joan clamped her mouth shut. She could tell from the two men’s tone that the pill was nothing good. She tried to fight back as much as possible.
Seeing how stubborn Joan was got one of the men to pinch her nose. He laughed and taunted, “Let’s see how long you can keep your mouth shut.” 
Joan couldn’t breathe because her nose was blocked. All she could do was hold on for as long as she could. A minute later, she finally parted her lips. 
The man with the pill pinched Joan’s mouth the second she opened them and threw the pill in. 
Cough! Cough! 
Joan tried to cough the pill out, but she couldn’t. 
The men grinned evilly. Everything is done. All that’s left now is for the drug to take effect. 
At that moment, Larry was inside his office in Norton Corporation. 
A private number suddenly showed up on his phone and checking the screen prompted Larry to jump up. 
“Hello, what’s wrong?” asked Larry grimly. 
“Something happened to Joan Watts, Mr. Norton,” replied the man politely from the other end of the line. 
“What? Explain!” 
Larry had sprung up, and he seemed nervous. 
“Someone kidnapped her this morning, and I’m tailing her right now. It looks like they are leaving the city.” 
“Follow them. I will go to you right away!”
“Understood.” 
After hanging up the call, Larry grabbed his coat and ran out of the office immediately. He felt as if his heart was burning at that moment. 
“Please be alright, Joan,” prayed Larry silently. 
After the last incident with the three hooligans, Larry sent his bodyguard to keep Joan safe. He didn’t want her to get hurt again. 
However, Joan was unaware of any of that. 
When Joan was kidnapped, Larry’s bodyguard observed from the dark, so that he wouldn’t alert the culprit. He wanted to get to the bottom of it all, and that was why he chose to tail the culprit while calling Larry. 
Larry sped down the road. He knew that the faster he went there, the less likely Joan would be hurt. 
Fifteen minutes after Joan took the pill, her body started reacting to it. At first, she felt thirsty, followed by a burning sensation all over her body. It was as if a fire was burning in her abdomen. 
That was when she finally realized what the pill was. It’s an aphrodisiac drug. 
Joan fought endlessly to combat that strange feeling inside of her, but she was so thirsty that she was burning. She started to lose consciousness, and her vision blurred. 
The two men noted that it was about time. With sly grins on their faces, they approached Joan. 
Joan, however, was completely unaware. The burning in her body made her feel like stripping. 
Bang! Just then, a loud noise came. Someone had kicked the door down.
Larry got there in time to rescue Joan. 
He sighed a breath of relief when he saw that Joan was not hurt. It only took him a few moves to deal with the hooligans, and he pulled her into his arms after that. 
“Joan, are you alright?” asked Larry in a worried tone. 
Joan didn’t realize that she was rescued. In fact, she couldn’t even recognize Larry at that moment.
###Chapter 1474
Chapter 1474 
“Hot… I am so hot…” 
Joan’s gaze was blurry, and she stripped as she spoke. Her beautiful skin revealed itself in front of Larry. 
It was only then that Larry noticed her abnormality. Her body’s burning, and she’s panting so much that it’s obvious that someone drugged her. 
Larry was infuriated when he discovered that. The woman I loved was almost… 
“Drag them out of here and break their limbs. Wait for me by the door after that,” instructed Larry. 
His demeanor was frigid when he gave that order to his bodyguard. This is considered the lightest punishment I will give after what they have done. 
“Understood.” 
The bodyguards dragged the two men away after receiving the order. 
Larry loosened the ropes that bound Joan’s arms and legs before he took off his coat and draped it over her. 
She plastered herself to Larry as soon as she was . Her hands locked his face in place as she kissed him fervently. 
Larry could guess what drug they used and knew that the drug would crush Joan if he didn’t sleep with her.
Seeing how engrossed Joan was in the kiss instantly got Larry aroused as well. He pulled her into his arms and kissed her back passionately. 
Soon, the entire warehouse was filled with a romantic aura. 
A few hours passed before Joan woke up groggily. She opened her eyes and saw chandeliers hanging from the ceiling. 
“Where am I?” she murmured. 
It took her mind some time to clear up. Wait, wasn’t I kidnapped and trapped in a warehouse? What am I doing here? 
Joan struggled to get up. She suddenly sensed a sharp pain in her body and recalled that she was drugged. 
“No, this can’t be real. It can’t be!” 
Joan muttered mindlessly as tears slowly rolled down her cheeks. That was her first as she had kept herself pure. She never expected that in just a matter of hours she would lose the virginity she had treasured for over twenty years. 
Joan suddenly heard a soft sigh coming from the corner of the room, and she realized that someone else was there. 
“Who are you?” 
Joan’s voice quivered with fear. She was traumatized. 
She didn’t know how else she would be abused in that foreign place. 
“Don’t be scared. It’s me,” said the man in the corner before he walked to Joan’s side.
It’s Larry! 
When Joan saw who the mysterious man was, she instinctively sighed a breath of relief. She soon realized something, though. 
“W-were you the guy who…” asked Joan. 
Her voice was trembling. 
Larry stood there without saying a word. 
Slap! A crisp voice echoed, and a clear palm print showed up on Larry’s face. 
“You assh*le. H-how could you?” shouted Joan with a broken heart. 
She couldn’t believe that the man she loved and trusted the most had drugged her. At that moment, she felt like her life had just turned grim. 
“Rest up, and don’t move about too much,” advised Larry when he finally spoke. He then added, “This is my responsibility, and I will do right by you. Also, just so we’re clear. I’m not the one who drugged you.” 
“Who else would’ve drugged me, then?” demanded Joan loudly. “Am I supposed to believe that you just happen to be there to rescue me and had no choice but to sleep with me?” 
Larry found himself at a loss for words when faced with Joan’s accusations. He couldn’t give a plausible explanation for what happened, because even he himself thought that everything was unbelievable. 
“Stop pretending, Mr. Norton. I don’t need you to do right by me, either. All I want is for you to fade out of my life completely because I don’t ever want to see you again!”
Joan sounded extremely firm when she said those words. She wanted to believe him, but the events of the day made it so that she couldn’t. 
After lashing out, Joan got up to walk away. The sharp pain, however, got her to hiss. Nonetheless, she was still adamant about leaving. 
Larry knew that Joan wouldn’t listen to him at that moment, so the only thing he could do was leave. 
“Rest well here. This hotel is under my management, so you don’t have to worry. It’s safe here,” murmured Larry. 
“The most dangerous place to be right now is beside you, Mr. Norton,” scoffed Joan.
###Chapter 1475
Chapter 1475 
“I know that there is no point in saying anything right now. Try to calm down. I’ll have my chauffeur take you home once you’re feeling better.” 
Larry didn’t want Joan to refuse his help, so he added, “If you don’t want to owe me anything, then I will have my people send you the hotel bill later, and you can pay for it all.” 
After saying his piece, Larry walked out of the room. He instructed the manager to take care of Joan before driving away. 
Gabriella Ward, you have crossed the line this time. 
When Larry left the room, he clenched his fists as a dangerous glint flashed across his eyes. 
He decided then and there that some people were not worthy of forgiveness. 
Joan slowly calmed down after Larry left. 
She knew Larry well. He would never lie… could it be that he’s really not the one who drugged me? 
But if he’s not the culprit, then how did he show up within such a short amount of time and become the one who sleeps with me? There are simply too many coincidences. 
The harder Joan worked to analyze the situation, the more confused she got. In the end, she gave up. 
It doesn’t matter if he was the one who drugged me. He is still the reason I am no longer a virgin, not to mention he still has a girlfriend from the same social status as he is. 
Too much had happened that day, and Joan was both physically and mentally weary. She fell asleep soon after.
After parking his car in Norton Corporation, Larry made a beeline toward Gabriella’s office. 
He didn’t knock on the door politely. Instead, he kicked it down. 
The loud bang surprised Gabriella, who was touching up her make-up at that moment. 
Annoyed, she turned around to yell at the intruder, but she became frightened when she saw that it was Larry. 
Quincy didn’t tell her that he would kidnap Joan that day, and she definitely didn’t know that her vile plan had failed and been exposed. All she could do at the moment was stay calm and feign confusion. “Larry, what’s wrong? Why are you so angry?” asked Gabriella. 
Larry lost control when he saw Gabriella’s pretentious expression. 
Without saying another word, he stepped up and slapped her right across her face. 
“Why did you slap me?” demanded Gabriella. 
Larry’s merciless slap ignited Gabriella’s fury, and she had her hand on her face as she howled. 
“Why? You’re asking me why even at a time like this?” shouted Larry angrily, “I’ve always thought that you were immature and will grow out of it soon. Turns out, you are a purely evil b*tch. I can’t believe you’d stoop as low as hiring others to drug her!” 
Gabriella was stunned. 
She didn’t expect Quincy to initiate the plan so quickly, and she certainly didn’t think that Larry would discover everything. 
“Listen to me, Larry,” said Gabriella. “I am not the one behind this. It’s Quincy! He has been upset about you breaking his arm. That must be why he went after Joan again. It’s not me. I’m innocent.”
“You’re still denying it?” 
Larry knew then that Gabriella was beyond help. 
“Pack your things right now and get the f*ck out of Norton Corporation. The company doesn’t need a malicious creature like you!” 
“No! Larry. Please, don’t chase me away.” 
Gabriella was panicking. If she left Norton Corporation, she would lose her only avenue of getting close to Larry. 
“I was wrong, Larry. I was blinded by my love for you and couldn’t bear anyone threatening our relationship. I promise it won’t happen again. Please give me a chance to redeem myself. Don’t chase me away,” begged Gabriella pitifully as she gripped Larry’s hand. 
“You no longer have the opportunity to do so!” growled Larry. He didn’t believe her and demanded, “Leave immediately. If I ever see you near Norton Corporation again, I will make sure your entire family suffers along with you!” 
With that, Larry left without ever looking back. 
Tears rolled down Gabriella’s cheeks. She stared at Larry’s back as he walked away heartlessly. 
She simply couldn’t understand it. Why is Larry unmoved even though I’d loved him persistently? 
Joan abandoned him once. Yet, she has always had a place in his heart. Why? 
No… I will not admit defeat. I won’t! 
The more Larry cared about Joan, the more Gabriella hated her.
“I’m won’t ever let you off, Joan Watts. This isn’t over yet!”
###Chapter 1476
Chapter 1476 
After the incident, Joan asked for some time off from work. She locked herself in her house and refused to leave because she needed time to overcome the trauma that Larry caused her. 
Dustin, on the other hand, became a regular visitor in Joan’s place. 
He didn’t know what had happened, but he could tell that Joan had gone through a terrible ordeal. This is my shot at getting her to open up and talk to me. 
Dustin knew that Joan was in love with someone else, but he didn’t care. He believed that time would prove how much he loved her, and they could be together in the future. 
“Joan, I came to visit. I made some soup for you. You seem weak lately and you’ll need to replenish the nutrient you lost.” 
Dustin had tons of bags with him when he showed up at Joan’s place. 
“Dustin, I’m happy that you’re visiting. But you don’t need to take anything over. I’ll feel bad about it,” said Joan. 
She sounded a little exasperated as she accepted the gifts from Dustin. 
“Here we go again. You’re treating me like a stranger once more. How many times have I told you? You don’t need to be so courteous with me. I’m really gonna be mad if you keep treating me like that,” replied Dustin. 
He pretended to be angry, but his eyes carried a hint of warmth. 
“Alright, alright, I got it,” said Joan.
She smiled when she saw Dustin acting like that. 
She needed someone by her side at that moment, and Dustin was there every day. His gesture touched her because he had always been attentive and kind to her ever since they first got to know one another. At that point, Joan saw Dustin as a trusted friend she could confide in. 
They interacted ly, and time passed them by. Before either of them knew it, Dustin had already spent a lot of time with Joan. 
“Joan, I have to go back to deal with some things, and I can’t stay here any longer. It’s been nice hanging out with you,” said Dustin as he stood up. 
“Thank you, Dustin. I am truly glad to have a friend like you,” replied Joan genuinely. 
“Do you only see me as your friend?” asked Dustin. 
He was eager to learn the answer to that question. 
“I…” 
Dustin’s question troubled Joan. Truth be told, she noticed his feelings for her some time ago, and she could see what a good man Dustin was. 
Unfortunately, she was in love with Larry at the time, so she pretended to be oblivious and refused to deal with Dustin. 
But things had since changed. Larry has found his better half, so should I give Dustin a chance? 
“Truth is, Joan, I came to Marsingfill for you, but I have to return to A Nation in a few days.” 
Dustin noticed how Joan was at a loss for words, so he continued, “Joan, I love you, and I’d like to ask… Will you go to A nation with me?”
Joan’s mind was in a mess at the time. Larry being in Marsingfill meant that they would inevitably see each other if she stayed in the city. However, she didn’t know where else she could go. 
Now that she knew Dustin flew to another country just for her, it would be a lie to say that she was not touched by that act. Still, isn’t it a little impulsive for me to move to A Nation just like that? 
“I have a few more days before I have to leave. Please take the time to consider my offer,” said Dustin when he saw how hesitant Joan was. He could tell that she was swaying, so he spoke some more. 
“It has been a while since you’ve recovered, Joan, and it’s time you follow up on your condition. This is a good opportunity to go to A Nation and check if everything is fine. You won’t have to be worried about it anymore once that is done.” 
Joan fell deep in thoughts as she stared at him. 
Back then, she received her treatment in A Nation, so she didn’t suspect the credibility of Dustin’s words. 
“Let me think about it,” answered Joan. “I’ll give you an answer soon.” 
Moving to another country was a huge matter, and Joan needed to talk to her parents about it. 
“Okay, then I’d better leave now, Joan,” replied Dustin. 
“Let me walk you out.” 
Joan decided to go home and discuss the matter with her parents after she walked Dustin out. 
Her parents lived in Zaprington, which is right next to Marsingfill, so it only took Joan two hours to reach their place via a cab.
“Mom, dad, I’m home!” 
Joan called out to her parents as soon as she got into the house.
###Chapter 1477
Chapter 1477 
This was the place that sheltered her from wind and rain. She did not need to worry about getting hurt here. 
“Joan, why are you back?” 
Surprise was evident in her mother’s voice. 
She wasted no time in expressing concern for her daughter’s wellbeing and chastised Joan for getting skinnier. On the other hand, Joan’s father was smiling with relief as he stood beside her mom, pretending to be calm about her return. 
After going through the whole ordeal with Larry, Joan was afraid to return home to her parents. She was worried that she would break down and cry in front of them, causing them great worry. 
“I just came back to see you. There is something that I would like to discuss with the two of you.” 
Joan took a deep breath and said to her parents sweetly. 
“Come, sit down. There is no need to hurry. Let me cook you a meal.” 
In the blink of an eye, Mrs. Watts prepared a feast. 
While they were eating, Mr. Watts asked affably, “So Joan, what did you want to discuss with us?” 
Joan told them that she needed to go to A Nation to follow up on her condition and her plan to stay abroad. However, her lips were sealed when it came to her recent misfortune. She did not disclose anything about that.
“I understand that the follow-up is crucial. As for going overseas on your own… Do you have any idea how difficult it is for you to live there all by yourself?” asked Mr. Watts solemnly. 
“Don’t worry, Dad. I’m all grown up now. I can take good care of myself,” answered Joan. 
She tried to make light of her plan. 
“Joan, I don’t agree with you going abroad and staying there alone. You should come home right away after the check-up. I don’t want you to suffer hardships on your own over there.” Mrs. Watts’ eyes watered as she spoke. 
“Alright, let’s not talk about this anymore. We will wait until you get treated before we discuss anything else concerning the future.” 
Mr. Watts concluded the discussion with a tone of finality. The family then enjoyed their precious time together. 
In Larry’s room. 
“Caspian, what are the results of your investigation?” Larry asked the bodyguard next to him. 
“I have completed the investigation, Sir. Dustin Silverman is the doctor who treated Joan Watts a few years ago,” he answered respectfully. 
“Treated Joan? What illness did she have?” 
Larry was confused. He never knew that Joan had any illnesses. 
“Sir, these are the investigation results from our people. Just have a look and you’ll have your answer.” 
Caspian passed a notebook to Larry.
After scanning through the contents in detail, realization dawned on Larry, and he scolded himself severely for being stupid at the same time. 
It was only then that he knew Joan had only left him because she had a tumor in her brain. The fact that she was uncertain of how much longer she could live made her decide to cut off all ties with Larry so that he would not pine after her. As a result, she made up a lie about leaving him for someone else. 
As for Dustin, he was the doctor who was in charge of Joan’s treatments. 
Upon learning the truth, Larry was guilt-ridden. Joan had suffered so much in silence these few years… But what did I do? I had been rude to her at every opportunity and made life immensely difficult for her. There’s no doubt that I had hurt her deeply… 
With that thought in mind, he decided to go find her immediately. Right now, all he wanted was to be right next to her and pull her into his embrace. He wanted to apologize to her. 
Before long, Larry reached the place where Joan was renting. He eagerly knocked on her door. 
“Joan, it’s me! It’s Larry!” he called out at the top of his lungs. 
“I know everything now! I’m sorry for treating you horrendously. Can you please forgive me?” 
All he got in response was silence. 
“Joan, can you please open up? I know I’ve hurt you. But I will treat you well for the rest of my life. So please just give me another chance!” 
Larry rapped on the door for a very long time, but he did not get any response. Instead, the racket he made caught the attention of the neighbor next door.
“Young man, the girl who lived here left this morning. She seems to have moved away,” said the old lady. 
“Do you know where she went, ma’am?” Larry asked in a hurry. 
“I have no idea,” replied the old lady slowly. 
“She went with a young man who was roughly your age.” 
“Thank you, ma’am!” responded Larry. 
Upon hearing what the old lady said, he hurried down the stairs while dialing Joan’s number. 
“Sorry, the number you have dialed is currently unavailable…”
###Chapter 1478
Chapter 1478 
Joan did not give any chance for Larry to contact her. Even her phone was switched off. 
The young man that the old lady mentioned must be Dustin. 
But, where could they have gone? Larry racked his brains but nothing came up. 
After he got into his car, Larry dialed another number urgently. 
“Caspian, find out where Joan’s parents live! Be quick!” 
Larry barked his order into the phone anxiously. 
“Yes, sir. I’ll get to it immediately.” 
Caspian replied swiftly before hanging up. 
Larry could only wait in his car apprehensively. 
After ten excruciating minutes, Larry received an address on his phone. 
He read the address and stepped on the gas, heading straight for Zaprington. 
He drove like a madman all the way. In a little over an hour, he was at the doorstep of where Joan’s parents lived. 
“Mr. Watts, I’m Larry! May I know where Joan is?” asked Larry. 
Joan had mentioned Larry’s name while talking to her parents previously. As such, Mr. Watts recognized that his name was familiar and didn’t think much about it.
“Young lad, didn’t Joan tell you that she was going to A Nation today?” Mr. Watts asked in a friendly tone. 
“A Nation? Why is she going there?” 
Larry felt as if he was hit by a bolt of lightning. If Joan went to A Nation, would I still have any chance of finding her? 
“It’s not in my place to tell you why. But I can tell you that her flight is scheduled for three in the afternoon. I don’t think you can make it in time to see her.” 
Lifting his wrist to glance at his watch, Larry’s stomach dropped when he noticed that it was almost half-past two. 
“Mr. Watts, can you please give me Joan’s number?” 
He was frantic. He couldn’t let Joan leave. I’m not letting her go! I need to be with her for the rest of my life! 
After getting her current phone number, Larry hastily bade goodbye to Mr. Watts and started rushing over to Zaprington airport. 
Joan, please wait for me! 
Larry threw the speed limit to the wind. Luckily, the airport was located in the suburbs of Zaprington, so there wasn’t much traffic. Still, a lot of car owners had to stomp on their emergency brakes to avoid him. This earned him lots of profane cursing and swearing. 
“You crazy a*shole! Are you trying to kill yourself driving like that?” 
“What a lunatic!”
He wasn’t the least bothered by the insults. His sole focus now was to get to Joan as fast as possible. 
With his left hand gripping the steering wheel, his right hand reached for his phone to dial Joan’s number. 
In the meantime, Joan and Dustin were waiting to board the plane. 
When she saw the unfamiliar number on her phone, she was puzzled. Only a few people know about my new number, so who could this be? 
“Hello?” 
She decided to take the call. 
“Joan, it’s Larry! Where are you now?” 
He was ecstatic to finally hear Joan’s voice. 
Larry? Joan was stunned. How did he get my number? 
“Larry, I’m leaving. I am going to a place where you won’t be around. I hope you will be happy. No, you must live a happy life.” 
She tried her best not to cry. She even willed herself to hate him with all her might. But when she heard his voice, she realized that she was about to leave him forever. Her heart ached as if a knife was plunged through it. 
“No, Joan! Only you can give me happiness. Please wait for me at the airport. I beg you, please don’t go!” Larry pleaded desperately. 
Joan could no longer hold back her tears.
This scene right now was a reenactment of what happened a few years ago. She remembered how he pleaded and begged her not to leave. 
She still loved him deeply, but once again, she had to steel herself to leave him. 
“Larry, this is our fate. We can’t go against what is destined for us!” 
With that, Joan burst into tears. She felt it. The familiar feeling of her heart being ripped to pieces. The pain was so overwhelming that even breathing was a luxury. 
“Joan, I’m almost there. Please, wait for me…” 
A loud screech cut through, followed by the sound of a huge crash. Then, it was complete silence. 
“Larry? Larry!” 
Joan was panic-stricken. “Larry, answer me! What happened to you? Say something!” 
Larry did not respond. Joan was petrified and completely blanked out. Her phone slipped from her rigid hand and made contact with the cool surface of the airport floor.
###Chapter 1479
Chapter 1479 
“Joan? Joan, are you alright?” 
When he saw how Joan had stiffened up, Dustin’s heart was filled with bitterness. 
“Joan, the plane is about to leave. It’s time for us to board,” Dustin reminded her. 
Joan regained her senses. “No… no! Dustin, Larry is in trouble. I have to see him! I have to!” 
“What about me then? Don’t you want to go to A Nation with me?” Dustin pleaded desperately. 
“I’m sorry, Dustin. But I can’t leave with you. I can’t let him go. He is everything to me!” 
Joan finally faced the truth, admitting it to both Dustin and herself. 
“I know you like me. But, there’s no space in my heart for anyone else. I’m sorry, I can’t go to A Nation. Even if I can’t treat my sickness, I still have to know what happened to him.” 
Dustin sighed. No matter what he did, Joan’s heart was always shut to him. 
Even if she leaves with me, her heart still belongs to him. 
Dustin felt overwhelmingly dejected. 
Nonetheless, he wasn’t a stubborn man. As such, he smiled at Joan, and without any hesitation, he said, “It’s alright Joan. I have known for a few years now that there’s someone in your heart. It’s just that I thought I could replace him. But now, it seems the gulf is too wide to be bridged. I wish both of you all the best.”
When he finished, he gave Joan a smile of relief. “Joan, forgive me for lying to you. In truth, your sickness no longer needs any further treatment. I hope we can still stay friends and see each other in the future. I will be going now.” 
After looking at Joan longingly, Dustin steeled his heart and headed toward the boarding gate. 
After sending Dustin off, Joan hurried out of the airport, screaming hysterically in her heart. Larry, please be alright! 
Immediately after Larry’s car accident, some good Samaritans called the City Hospital in Zaprington. Soon, an ambulance arrived before sending Larry, who was unconscious, and the truck driver together to the hospital. 
Right before the accident, Larry was speeding and speaking anxiously over the phone. Hence, he didn’t notice a truck traveling at high speed around a bend, causing both their vehicles to crash into each other. 
Luckily, Larry reacted in time by jamming the brakes. Given the top-notch performance of his Lamborghini and the fact that the airbag deployed in time, Larry escaped largely unscathed. 
The moment Joan left the airport, she hailed a cab right away. 
“Mister, have you heard anything about an accident just now?” With a helpless expression, Joan asked the taxi driver as she couldn’t get through Larry’s phone. 
“Yes, I did. It happened just a few streets away from here.” 
“In that case, please take me there.” 
Joan was relieved that she no longer needed to search blindly.
“Miss, the victims have already been taken to the hospital,” the driver replied. 
“Which one?” 
“City Hospital, I’ll take you there instead.” 
“Thank you.” 
Joan was silent throughout the journey until they arrived. 
Rushing over to the front desk, Joan asked anxiously, “May I know where the victim from the recent car accident is?” 
“Both of them are in the ICU on the fourth floor.” 
“Thank you.” 
Once she had the information she needed, she ran toward the fourth floor. 
After searching ward by ward, she finally saw Larry’s figure lying on a bed and entered accordingly. 
“Miss, do you know this man?” A doctor emerged from the side. 
“I do! Doctor, how is he?” 
Grabbing the doctor’s arm, Joan asked anxiously. 
“May I know if you are a family member?” 
“I… I’m his friend.” 
Joan repeated her question, “What is his condition?”
The doctor sighed gently. Seeing that, Joan felt as if her world had collapsed. Could it be that he…
###Chapter 1480
Chapter 1480 
Fearful to continue her thoughts, Joan felt her head beginning to spin. 
“He’s fine. All he has is some minor injuries and a slight concussion.” The doctor slowly finished his sentence. 
What? 
Joan was dumbfounded. He’s fine? Then what’s with the sighing? 
Joan was so infuriated that she almost cussed. Seething, she snapped, “Why did you sigh then?” 
“He’s fine, but the other person isn’t so lucky,” the doctor replied. 
“Miss, since you’re his friend. Please help him complete the admission procedures and inform his family.” 
“Sure, I’ll get right on it.” 
When she realized Larry’s life was not in danger, Joan breathed a sigh of relief. In a much better mood, she headed downstairs to complete Larry’s hospital registration. 
Once it was done, she returned to Larry’s ward. 
After checking his body and verifying that his injuries weren’t serious, Joan’s mind was put at ease as she sat by Larry’s bed. 
However, he was still unconscious. When she saw Larry’s pale face, she couldn’t help but feel her heart ache.
If it wasn’t for me, he wouldn’t be in this condition. Joan blamed herself. 
Looking at him longingly, she realized this was the first time over the last few years she had seen him in such close proximity. 
At that moment, he looked like a sleeping prince with his chiseled face and exquisite features. With his eyes closed, his lips emanated a sensuous allure while his eyelashes could be clearly differentiated. 
The elderly had a saying that people with long eyelashes were exceptionally smart. That description fitted Larry perfectly. 
Holding that thought, Joan couldn’t help but smile. 
She desperately hoped for time to ze at that particular moment. That way, she could stay by Larry’s side without having to worry about anything else. 
Joan leaned closer to Larry before resting her cheek on his chest, listening closely to his heart. 
Pounding strongly, his heartbeat brought her a sense of security and strength. 
Suddenly, she felt Larry move. Startled, she quickly sat back up, worried that he would notice what she was doing. 
When she glanced at him, she saw him beaming at her, causing her to spring to her feet. 
“Y-y-you’re awake!” 
Joan quickly lowered her head as she blushed all over. 
“When did you wake up?” 
“When you just arrived.”
Larry’s voice was gentle while the look he gave Joan was filled with affection. 
Having heard him speak, Joan couldn’t help but hope the ground would open up and swallow her. 
Why didn’t he move when he woke up? 
“How do you feel? I’ll get the doctor to see you.” 
Joan’s eyes glistened as she gave an excuse to escape. 
Just when she was about to leave, Larry grabbed onto her hand. 
“Don’t worry, I feel fine. Just stay with me for a while,” Larry remarked with a smile. 
The warmth from his hand caused her heart to race. She suddenly didn’t know how to react. 
“Even if you have nothing to tell the doctor, you should let him run some checks.” 
Joan reminded herself not to stay and become a lame duck. If one excuse didn’t work, she needed to come up with another one. 
“Stop being silly. There’s a button here that I can press and call for the doctor.” 
Larry obviously understood what she was trying to do. But, he wasn’t going to pass up such a wonderful opportunity. 
“Joan, come here and sit down.” 
Larry slowly pulled her back to her seat. “I have something to tell you.” 
When Joan realized there was no escape, she sighed in resignation and sat down beside Larry.
“I know everything now. Joan, I was wrong about you.” 
Larry tightened his grip on her hand as if she would disappear the moment he let go. 
Despite her shock, Joan kept herself together. “What do you know?”
###Chapter 1481
Chapter 1481 
“I know why you decided to leave me. Why didn’t you tell me the first time we met?” 
Larry caressed her face affectionately. 
Having heard Larry’s words, Joan knew that she had to come clean with him. 
Taking a deep breath, she looked at Larry and replied, “Larry, it’s time we clear the air. The reason I left you then was because I had a tumor in my head that needed to be treated overseas. Furthermore, I didn’t even know whether I could survive. To save you the pain, I told you that I was in love with someone else, hoping that you would forget me.” 
She continued, “After that, I traveled to A Nation and there was where I met Dustin. He was my doctor then and treated me exceptionally well. His care and concern were both attentive and meticulous. However, I only ever saw him as a good friend.” 
Joan slowly immersed herself in her own memories. 
“All these years, there was never a moment where I wasn’t thinking about you. However, I kept reminding myself to forget you. Just when I finally buried you deep down in my heart, I ran into you again only to find that your heart had been stolen by someone else.” 
Pausing for a moment, Joan sneered at herself. So what if I still love him? 
Although Larry was aware of most of what Joan told him, his heart still ached when he heard her say it out loud. 
However, he was also delighted that the reason she didn’t tell him the truth was that he already had a girlfriend.
Holding that thought, Larry smiled. “You have always been the only one in my heart. Do you really think I have a girlfriend?” 
Stunned by his response, Joan asked doubtfully, “Isn’t Gabriella your girlfriend?” 
Everything suddenly clicked for Larry. Joan must have assumed that Gabriella’s my girlfriend when I pretended to be intimate with her. 
“You foolish gal. How can she be my girlfriend? I was only faking it in front of you,” Larry explained with a smile as he stroked her head affectionately. 
“Really?” Joan asked, tilting her head. Her silly expression simply made her look adorable. 
“Of course.” 
Now that the misunderstanding had been cleared up, Larry was overjoyed. 
As for Joan, she giggled like a child when she found out the truth. Never in her dreams did she think that it was all just a mistake. 
“Do you blame me for hiding the fact that I’m leaving?” Joan asked with a serious expression. 
“Of course I do!” 
Larry’s expression changed as he glared at her. “When you decided to leave without telling me, did you ever stop to consider my feelings?” 
It seems he has yet to forgive me. 
When she saw the look on Larry’s face, Joan’s buoyant mood was suddenly gone. She felt so depressed that she was on the brink of tears.
Noticing the shift in mood and the disappointment on her face, Larry quickly cheered her up. “Since you didn’t tell me you were leaving, your punishment will be to stay by my side forever!” 
When she saw Larry’s mischievous expression, Joan wasn’t confused for once and quickly realized that Larry was just teasing her. 
“You scoundrel!” 
She waved her fist at him and almost pounded him on his chest. 
Beaming in response, Larry pulled her into his embrace. 
Just like a kitten, Joan curled in his arms and relished in the warmth of his body. At that moment, she was overwhelmed with a sense of bliss. 
Larry, everything is perfect when you are by my side. 
Joan whispered to herself. 
As Larry’s injuries were minor, there was no need to stay overnight in the hospital. Hence, he was discharged on that day itself. 
Before long, his bodyguards arrived at the hospital and prepared to send him home. 
After helping Larry into the car, Joan felt reluctant to see him leave. However, without any excuse to stay back, she had no choice but to say goodbye. 
“Larry, rest well at home. I’ll visit you when I’m ,” Joan remarked. 
“Joan, I’ll likely have trouble moving around for the next few days due to my injuries. Can I trouble you to take care of me?”
###Chapter 1482
Chapter 1482 
Reluctant to see Joan leave, Larry decisively came up with an excuse. 
“Don’t you have a maid at home? Why do you need me to look after you?” 
Joan felt ambivalent as she thought Larry was joking. 
“No, I stay alone. There’s no one else at home,” Larry quickly replied. 
“Really?” Joan was skeptical. 
“Of course, why would I lie to you?” 
Just as he spoke, he shot his bodyguard a glance. 
As Caspian had been working for Larry for a long time, he recognized the cue at once and added, “Ms. Watts, Mr. Norton has bought a new place where he is staying by himself.” 
Larry gave him a satisfactory nod. Good job Caspian. I’ll definitely give you a raise after this. 
“Aren’t you living with your boss to protect him? Don’t you consider yourself human?” 
Joan’s candidness stumped Caspian. “Besides, even if you don’t have a maid, you still have your bodyguard. Why must it have to be me?” 
Larry laughed wryly as he wondered if Joan was playing dumb. Despite how obvious his intentions were, she didn’t seem to get it. 
Larry looked at Caspian again. 
People like us will always have to sacrifice for the boss, huh…
Caspian sighed in his heart before adding. “To be honest, Ms. Watts, other than protecting Mr. Norton, I’m not really good at anything else. Even for my own laundry, I have to send it out to the dry cleaners. Hence, it’ll be better if you take care of Mr. Norton.” 
“Oh, you really are useless, then,” Joan murmured softly to herself. 
“Fine, I’ll take care of you for a few days.” 
“Great.” 
Overjoyed, Larry patted the glum-looking Caspian on his shoulder. “Come on then, let’s go now.” 
In a short while, the car arrived in front of a villa. 
“Come with me.” 
As Caspian helped Larry into the villa, Joan followed closely behind them. 
“Your house is really big and yet, you live alone?” 
Joan was puzzled as it felt troublesome to do so. 
But of course! Larry was proud of his quick thinking. On the way home, he had ordered everyone to leave so that he could maintain the illusion. 
After helping Larry to his bedroom, the bodyguard left, leaving Joan and Larry alone in the massive villa. 
“Joan, you should take a look around since you will be staying over for the next few days. Your room is next to mine, so you can just call me if you need anything,” Larry explained to her.
Joan was still apprehensive about staying alone with Larry in his villa. But, she did agree to take care of him and couldn’t bring herself to go back on her word. 
Since I’m already here, I’ll just go along with it. Joan told herself. 
The next few days, Larry enjoyed the meticulous attention that Joan showered on him. Under her attentive care, Larry “recovered” very quickly. 
In truth, there was nothing wrong with him and he could move his limbs just fine. He simply pretended to have restricted mobility just so that he could be together with Joan. 
“Time for dinner, Larry.” 
As usual, Joan would bring the food into his bedroom. 
“Feed me.” 
Larry clung to Joan like a child. For the past few days, it had always been the same as he was reluctant to part with her even for a single moment. 
“Sure,” Joan replied helplessly. 
Despite his clinginess, Joan seemed to enjoy every moment the two of them spent together. 
Over the last few days, Larry and Joan’s affection for each other grew significantly. Although they never reaffirmed their status as a couple, it was just a formality by now. 
“Here, open up.” 
Joan’s voice was gentle as if she was coaxing a child.
As Larry opened his mouth, his gaze was fixed upon her. The warmth emitted from his eyes felt as if it could melt her heart. 
Staring at Joan longingly, he observed her exquisite oval-shaped face, bright sparkling eyes, and alluring lips. The serious expression she had while feeding him made him feel as though she had taken root in his heart and no one else would be able to pull her away.
###Chapter 1483
Chapter 1483 
“Joan, be my girlfriend,” Larry mumbled. 
“What did you say?” 
Joan couldn’t hear properly because Larry’s voice was too soft. 
“Be my girlfriend.” 
Larry sat up straight and looked at her in all seriousness with passion in his eyes. “I love you and want to be together with you forever. I want to laugh and cry with you as we watch the sunrise and sunset together. Happiness to me simply means hugging you to sleep every night and see you the moment I’m awake. Say yes and we will never be apart from each other ever again.” 
Joan was overwhelmed with happiness at Larry’s confession. She had always dreamed about it but never believed that it would become reality. 
“Yes! I will be with you!” 
Joan’s eyes were filled with tears of joy. “Being with you is the one thing that I desire the most in this world.” 
Hugging each other tightly, they relished in the truth of each other’s words. 
After a while, Joan whispered in Larry’s ear in a bashful tone, “Larry, let me tell you a secret.” 
“Hmm? What secret?” Larry asked softly. He was stroking her hair as she lay in his arms. 
“I… I think I’m pregnant.”
Just as she spoke, she buried her face in Larry’s embrace. 
“Oh, it’s good that you’re pregnant.” Larry didn’t grasp the full magnitude of the situation. 
“Wait… What? You’re pregnant!” 
Larry grabbed Joan’s shoulders in shock. “Is the child mine? I’m the father, right?” 
When Joan saw that Larry wasn’t making any sense, she couldn’t help but roll her eyes. “Who else can it be if not you?” 
Having heard Joan’s confirmation, Larry burst into hearty laughter. 
“Hahaha, I didn’t expect to not only have a new girlfriend today but also a child. This is really a joyous case of ‘buy one get one !’“ 
Joan wondered if Larry had gone crazy as his ramblings made no sense at all. 
“Joan, I love you.” 
Larry was so ecstatic that he swept her off her feet and whirled her around in his arms. 
Joan exclaimed in surprise but quickly realized something was wrong. “Larry, aren’t you supposed to have trouble moving? How are you able to prance around like that?” 
Larry gasped at his mistake. He had forgotten about his charade in the midst of his joy. 
“Ouch, it hurts! My arm!” Larry pretended to moan in pain. 
“You scoundrel! You can drop the act now!”
Joan was infuriated. She had been puzzled as to why Larry was taking such a long time to recover when the doctor told her that he only suffered minor injuries. She now realized that it was a hoax all along. 
“I’m going to kill you!” 
“Please have mercy!” 
As both of them argued affectionately, the air was filled with bliss. 
“Enough, enough, let’s take a break,” Larry said to Joan with a smile as both of them were tired. 
Only then did Joan bother to stop her exacting her revenge. 
“Joan,” Larry whispered into her ear as he pulled her into his embrace. 
“Hmm?” 
She felt her pulse race the moment his warm breath brushed across her ear, causing her to blush. 
“Since you’re now my girlfriend and carrying my child. It’s time I take you to see my parents.” 
“Isn’t that too hasty?” 
Joan was shocked. “I’m still not ready yet.” 
Are you kidding me? I haven’t even prepared anything. How do you expect me to see your parents just like that? 
What if I get on their nerves? It will all be my fault! 
Holding that thought, Joan suddenly realized that they had to think through the matter carefully.
Despite her concerns, Larry didn’t seem to think they were warranted. 
“It’ll be fine. My parents are easygoing people and won’t mind at all. After all, we will be a family soon. All you need is to just be yourself.” 
“No! No! Definitely not!” 
Joan shook her head vehemently, “I must get myself ready before I meet them.” 
Given Joan’s response, Larry had no choice but to agree. At the same time, he was secretly delighted at how seriously Joan took the matter.
###Chapter 1484
Chapter 1484 
Without any delay, Joan grabbed Larry as they headed out together. 
Their first stop was a clothing store where Joan bought some new clothes. 
As most of her clothes were for casual occasions, she figured she needed something proper for such a momentous occasion. 
“Larry, what do you think of this?” Joan asked as she emerged from the changing room. 
“Looks good,” Larry responded. 
“How about this one?” 
“Not bad.” 
“What about this?” 
“Looks good on you too.” 
Joan tried out many different outfits while Larry patiently waited to provide his ive opinion. 
“Hey, can you treat this more seriously?” 
Joan grumbled, “Don’t just keep saying that it looks good. You have to provide more constructive suggestions.” 
“But they really do look good.” 
Larry wasn’t lying at all. Given Joan’s exquisite features and curves at all the right places, she could easily carry anything she wore.
“In that case, just pick one for me, then.” 
Joan insisted on Larry choosing for her. 
“That’s easy. Miss, please pack everything up. I’m taking all of them.” 
With a wave of his hand, he handed his card to the sales attendant and bought everything. 
“Of course, Sir. Please wait for a moment.” 
The sales attendant was ecstatic as she was able to achieve two months’ worth of sales in one go. 
“Larry! That’s too much. I won’t have the chance to wear them all.” 
Joan quickly stopped him. 
“Don’t worry, you look good in all of them. Besides, I’m the president of Norton Corporation while you are my girlfriend. There’s nothing wrong with you splurging on some clothes.” 
It didn’t bother Larry at all as he just wanted to buy her whatever she desired. 
Given how persistent Larry was, Joan relented and felt pampered at the same time. 
“Sir, your clothes are ready for pick up. Here’s your receipt.” 
The sales attendant politely handed over Larry’s card and receipt while giving Joan an envious look. I would willingly give up twenty years of my life just to have a boyfriend like that. 
“Let’s go. Anyway, you look great in that outfit. So, just leave it on,” Larry commented with a smile while holding Joan by her waist.
“Alright,” Joan acknowledged submissively. After all, she had to admit that she did indeed look great in her current outfit. 
Holding Larry’s arm, Joan left the store under the envious stares of the sales attendants. 
“Shall we buy some gifts for your parents?” Joan asked for Larry’s opinion. 
“Sure.” 
He obviously had no issues about it. As both of them chatted cheerfully while walking down the street, their bodyguard, Caspian, had his hands full with shopping bags and a glum expression on. 
“Shouldn’t the boyfriend be doing this? Why am I carrying the bags?” Caspian’s grumbles were unfortunately heard by Larry. 
“What did you just say? If you are upset about something, please don’t keep it to yourself.” Larry glared at Caspian. 
“No, it’s nothing. I’m not upset about anything.” Caspian was so stressed that he almost burst into tears. 
“That’s more like it,” Larry remarked smugly, causing Joan to giggle aloud. 
Joan was struggling to decide on what to buy for Larry’s parents. Finally, based on Larry’s suggestion, she bought a box of premium exotic tea and some health supplements for Larry’s mom. 
When Larry was about to pay, Joan stopped him and insisted to do so instead. 
“This is the first time I’m buying gifts for your parents. So, I must pay for them myself,” Joan explained to which Larry agreed.
Despite the fact that both items would cost her a lot, Joan didn’t feel reluctant at all. Instead, she was overjoyed at the opportunity. 
When Larry noticed how sincere she was toward his family, he swore to himself that he would treasure her for the rest of their lives. 
After buying the gifts, both of them got into the car and headed for the Norton Residence. 
“Larry, do you think your parents will like me?” 
Along the way, Joan agonized over the question. She was so stressed that her palms were sweating profusely.
###Chapter 1485
Chapter 1485 
“Don’t worry Joan, my parents will definitely love you,” Larry reassured her while stroking her hand. 
“Really? In that case, do I look presentable today? Is there anything wrong with how I look?” Joan asked again. 
She was wearing a fitting, white full-length dress. Her flawless fair skin, slender neck, and delightful makeup accentuated her exquisite features, making her a stunning sight to behold. 
“Don’t worry. You look gorgeous today,” Larry replied with conviction as he looked at Joan. 
In my heart, you will always be the most beautiful, Larry whispered in his mind. 
While they were still chatting, the car finally came to a stop. 
Larry patted Joan’s hands. “Come on, time to get down.” 
That’s fast! Just when Joan had managed to calm herself, her pulse began to race again. 
Noticing her anxiety, Larry beamed at her. “Don’t worry. Once you meet them, you will know how friendly they are.” 
Larry’s words had a mysterious way of calming Joan. Just by looking at him, her racing heart rate began to slow down. 
Hand in hand, they stepped into the Norton residence. 
“Let’s go, it’s time to meet your in-laws,” Larry remarked with a laugh. 
“You’re making me nervous!”
Feeling annoyed, Joan rolled her eyes at him. 
Larry’s joke had caused the last of her anxiety to melt away. Holding onto his hand tightly, Joan was filled with anticipation as they walked into the living room. 
There, Larry’s parents were seated and having tea. 
“Mom, Dad, I’m home.” 
He led Joan toward them. 
“Welcome home, son.” 
When she heard his voice, Vivian put down her cup and look in Larry’s direction. 
When she saw a beautiful and elegant girl beside him, she was stunned. She asked thoughtfully, “Son, who is this you have brought with you?” 
Despite not saying a word, Finnick was quietly scrutinizing Joan. Is she Larry’s girlfriend? 
“Mom, Dad, let me introduce her. This is my girlfriend, Joan Watts.” 
Just as he spoke, he looked at Joan. “Joan, these are my parents.” 
“Hello, Mr. Norton, Mrs. Norton.” 
Although Joan felt nervous when she met Larry’s parents, she didn’t forget her manners and greeted both of them with a sweet voice. 
“Hello.”
Vivian was so ecstatic to see Larry’s girlfriend that she sprang to her feet. “Joan, come closer. Let me take a closer look at you.” 
The last of Joan’s nervousness faded away when she heard Vivian’s warm tone. Walking up to her confidently, Joan remarked with a smile, “Mrs. Norton, I have heard a lot about you from Larry. Especially about how stunning you are.” 
Delighted by Joan’s words, Vivian held her hand warmly. “You sure know how to flatter me. Look at how beautiful you are, Larry must be really lucky to have found a girlfriend like you.” 
“Mom, I’m not that bad, alright. Joan and I aren’t even married yet and you’re already siding with her. What’s going to happen when we do?” 
Larry was overjoyed to see how well Joan was getting along with Vivian. It was obvious to him that Vivian was happy with her. 
“Joan, did Larry ever bully you? He has always been spoilt by us. So, if he does, you have to tell me and I will definitely punish him.” 
Vivian reminded Joan as she was worried that Larry didn’t treat her well enough. 
“Mrs. Norton, don’t worry. Larry has been very good to me,” Joan replied at once. She, too, had a good impression of her future mother-in-law whom she found to be down to earth. 
“That’s good. That’s good.” 
Vivian shot Finnick a glance as he had yet to say a word throughout. “Hey, Finnick, why haven’t you said anything? Your son has brought his girlfriend home.” 
Finnick returned her glance helplessly. “You have been talking non-stop since just now. I had no chance to get a word in at all.”
###Chapter 1486
Chapter 1486 
Just as Finnick spoke, he looked at Joan. “Joan, next time, come by our place whenever you are . Since Larry is staying by himself outside, you can remind him to come home more often.” 
“I understand, Mr. Norton. I definitely will,” Joan replied with a smile. 
“Vivian and I have never interfered in Larry’s relationships. As you are the first girl he has brought home, it must mean that he fancies you a lot. We are equally happy to meet you too. Both of you should try your best to be happy together and take care of each other,” Finnick advised in a serious manner. 
As his words resonated with Joan’s feelings, she replied immediately, “We will try our best to be happy. Don’t worry, Mr. Norton.” 
After that, Joan chatted with Vivian about random topics while Larry talked to Finnick about other matters. Before they knew it, night had already fallen. 
When it was time for dinner, Vivian invited Joan to sit beside her. After that, she took a bracelet off her wrist. 
“Joan, this bracelet used to belong to Larry’s grandma. In other words, my mother-in-law handed it to me. And now, I’m giving it to you. Both you and Larry must strive to always be happy. Whatever problems you may encounter, you have to face them together, alright?” 
Joan was surprised at how warm Vivian was to her. She didn’t expect Vivian to shower her with such attention on their very first meeting, to the extent of giving her a family heirloom. 
She quickly stood up and replied, “Mrs. Norton, this gift is simply too valuable for me to accept. Larry and I will be happy together. But this is something I don’t deserve to have yet.”
“As long as I say you deserve it then you do.” 
Vivian had expected Joan to refuse. “Joan, it’s obvious to me that both of you love each other dearly. It’s just a matter of time before the two of you are married. With that in mind, there’s nothing wrong with me giving this to you ahead of time. Besides, are you really going to turn down the first present I’m giving you?” 
“But…” 
Before Joan could say anything further, Larry interrupted. “Joan, just take it. My mom really likes you. If you refuse, you will only upset her.” 
After giving it much consideration, Joan finally accepted the bracelet with both her hands. “Mr. Norton, Mrs. Norton, I will treasure this bracelet more than my own life. And I will also do my best to protect the relationship I share with Larry so that you will not be disappointed.” 
“That’s the spirit!” 
Vivian laughed in delight while Finnick let out a gratified smile. 
“Don’t just stand there, sit down and eat,” Finnick reminded. 
With that, the whole family happily enjoyed a scrumptious dinner together. 
As it was getting late after dinner, Larry took his leave. “Dad, Mom, we have to go now. I need to send Joan home.” 
“Are you leaving already?” 
Vivian was reluctant for them to leave. But she knew it wasn’t the right time to invite Joan to stay over. Hence, she had no choice but to reply, “Send her home safely, then. Joan, whenever you are , you are
welcome to visit us. I look forward to seeing you again soon.” 
“Mrs. Norton, I will definitely drop by often. But for today, I have to go off first.” 
After that, she turned toward Finnick. “Goodbye, Mr. Norton.” 
After bidding their farewells, Joan held onto Larry’s arm and left together. 
The moment she stepped out the front door, Joan heaved a sigh of relief. Beaming in joy, she remarked, “Larry, I didn’t expect your parents to be such wonderful people. I’m just so happy!” 
Tenderly helping Joan tidy up her hair, Larry replied in a gentle tone, “Of course, I told you that they were easygoing and warm. You were the one who overreacted out of fear.” 
“I wasn’t afraid at all! I knew that they would definitely like me because I’m just too adorable!” Joan insisted. 
Obviously, she would never admit that she was scared. 
When he saw how she shamelessly declared her cuteness, he simply found her irresistible and pulled her in to kiss her cheeks. However, she managed to duck away with a nimble move.
###Chapter 1487
Chapter 1487 
“Hmph! I’m not letting you kiss me. What if someone sees us?” 
“I’ll kiss you when we’re home then.” 
“No, you’re still not allowed to!” 
“I won’t stop kissing you when we’re home. In fact, I have more plans for you,” Larry remarked with a mischievous smile. 
“You pervert…” 
After both of them got into the car, their voices faded away. 
Under Larry’s persuasion, Joan finally agreed to move into his villa. From then onwards, both of them enjoyed a wonderful time cohabiting together. 
However, one man’s meat was another man’s poison. Just when Larry and Joan were immersed in their happy lives, Gabriella couldn’t stand for it. 
“What did you say? Joan and Larry are living together in his villa?” 
She was outraged by her subordinate’s report. 
The man was a private investigator she hired just to monitor all of Larry and Joan’s movements. 
“Yes. Over the last two days, Larry even brought Joan to see his parents,” the private investigator added.
upon hearing that, Gabriella smashed the glass she was holding onto the floor. She could feel a heavy burden hanging over her head to the extent of suffocating her. 
“Why! What gives her the right!” Gabriella screamed out her lungs. 
“Larry, how is Joan better than me in any way? Why do you treat her so well and yet be so cruel to me! I can’t accept it! I just can’t!” 
After venting her frustration, Gabriella suppressed her rage and asked the private investigator, “Did Larry’s parents say anything?” 
Perhaps, his parents might not approve of her. 
Gabriella tried to be optimistic. After all, Joan wasn’t from a prominent family which was an important consideration for society’s elite. 
“This, I have no idea.” 
The private investigator could only follow them and observe their movements. As to what happened in the Norton residence, there was no way he could find out. 
Although she didn’t receive a confirmation from the private investigator, she calmed herself down and began racking her brains. 
How can such a prominent family like the Nortons accept a nobody like Joan into their family? 
So what if she’s as pretty as a fairy? Without the backing of a prominent family, she still won’t be worthy of joining the Nortons. 
With that thought in mind, Gabriella snorted. 
Only I am fit to be Larry’s girlfriend and the lady of the Norton family.
Joan you are but a third wheel in our relationship. 
Gabriella was so consumed by the matter that she now saw herself as the rightful Mrs. Norton. 
“Joan, I won’t allow you to break apart my relationship with Larry. Just you wait!” 
Her eyes glistened as schemes filled her head. 
After clearing the air with Larry, Joan returned to work at Opulent Designs. 
Although they were now in a relationship, her competitive nature pushed her to make her own living instead of staying at home and relying on Larry. 
While she was working in the office, her phone suddenly rang. 
When she saw that it was an unknown number, she ignored it due to her busy work. However, when the call kept coming in incessantly, she finally picked up the call as she was worried it might be something urgent. 
“Hello,” Joan answered cordially. 
“May I know if this is Joan Watts?” 
A woman’s voice rang out. 
Joan was stunned as she couldn’t recognize Gabriella’s voice over the phone. Furthermore, a long time had passed and the only impression Joan had of her was from the recent glimpse she caught. 
“It’s me, Gabriella. Joan, have you forgotten me?” Gabriella added in a half-joking manner. 
“Oh, it’s you, Gabriella.”
Joan was actually delighted to hear her voice. 
“I’m at work now. Is there anything I can help you with?”
###Chapter 1488
Chapter 1488 
“Joan, do you still remember what we said the last time we met? That we agreed to meet up another time?” Gabriella suggested with a smile. 
She continued, “Don’t tell me you already forget?” 
Of course Joan didn’t. 
“But, Gabriella, I’m at work now. Why don’t you decide on a venue and I will see you there after work?” 
“Fine with me. Meet me at Rainbow Café when you get off work then. I’ll send you the address in a while.” 
Gabriella pretended to be friendly. 
“Alright Gabriella, I’ll head over there once I’m done with work,” Joan replied. 
“I’ll be waiting for you. Anyway, sorry for bothering you at work. See you later, Joan.” 
Gabriella ended the call smiling. However, in the very next moment, her expression changed drastically. 
As for Joan, even though she was quite surprised at receiving Gabriella’s call, she didn’t find it suspicious at all. 
Thinking back to the time when she just entered university, everything was unfamiliar yet exciting. Gabriella was the first friend she got to know. 
“Hi, I’m Gabriella, it’s a pleasure to meet you.”
“Hi, I’m Joan.” 
Both of them quickly became good friends. They went to class together, ate together, shopped together, and even had sleepovers. 
In Joan’s eyes, although Gabriella was gorgeous and came from a rich family, she didn’t look down on anyone and treated everyone with respect. Hence, Joan considered Gabriella to be her best friend. 
Despite how sincere Joan was in their friendship, Gabriella didn’t share her sentiments at all. 
When she first got to know Joan, Gabriella assumed she was from a rich family given how pretty she was. That was the only reason she made friends with her in the first place. 
Once she found out about Joan’s ordinary background, she no longer concerned herself with her. 
Even when they interacted with each other, Gabriella would always treat her in a condescending manner. 
However, for the sake of maintaining her own reputation and the fact that Joan was also popular in school, Gabriella kept up the charade that they were close friends. Unfortunately, Joan didn’t notice her hypocrisy at all. 
After work, Joan hailed a cab and headed to the address provided by Gabriella. 
When she entered Rainbow Café, she spotted Gabriella in a corner and approached her quickly. 
“Hi, Gabriella,” Joan greeted with a smile. 
“Joan, have a seat.” 
Gabriella didn’t sound as enthusiastic as she was on the phone. In fact, she even sounded upset.
As Joan took her seat opposite Gabriella, she noticed that there was a cup of coffee ready for her. Joan was delighted by Gabriella’s thoughtful gesture. 
“Gabriella, it’s been a while now. We didn’t manage to talk much the last time. So, how have you been?” Joan enquired warmly. 
“Not bad,” Gabriella replied coldly, staring at Joan. 
The moment she arrived, Joan had noticed Gabriella’s gloomy expression. She figured that something unpleasant must have happened to her. 
“What happened, Gabriella?” Joan asked with concern. 
As her close friend, Joan felt the need to show some concern. 
“The man I love has been stolen by a gorgeous yet shameful btch. I come from a better family than her and am more highly educated. Furthermore, I’m not inferior to her in terms of looks. So why does my man like her so much? What makes it worse is that I have always treated that btch as a good friend,” Gabriella gritted her teeth as she explained. 
“The person you are talking about…” 
Stunned, a sense of dread suddenly fell upon Joan. 
“That’s right. I’m talking about you! Joan Watts!” 
Gabriella stared daggers at her. 
“Why must you interfere with my relationship with Larry when I have always treated you as my friend? Do you really enjoy being the third party?”
###Chapter 1489
Chapter 1489 
“But, Larry denied that you are his girlfriend. He says that both of you were just acting in front of me,” Joan retorted as she was skeptical of Gabriella’s words. 
“I’m not his girlfriend? We are already engaged and everyone in the high society knows that. It was your appearance that has thrown our happy relationship onto the rocks,” Gabriella blatantly lied in order to deal a blow to Joan. 
“Larry won’t lie to me. In fact, he has brought me to see his parents.” 
Joan began to waver as Gabriella didn’t look like she was lying. However, she still had reason to be confident of her own stand. 
“How unscrupulous can you be? So what if you have met his parents? He brought me to see his parents too. Furthermore, both our parents had decided upon the engagement. Joan, do you think someone like you deserves Larry? The Nortons are a distinguished family while you… you are a nobody!” 
Just as she spoke, Gabriella grabbed her glass of water and threw it at Joan. Thereafter, she shrieked hysterically, “You are nothing but a vixen that seduces the boyfriends of others!” 
Gabriella’s screams had attracted the attention of everyone in the café. They were all watching curiously and ridiculing Joan in front of her. 
“Look, everyone! This is the vixen that stole my fiancé. To think that I even treated her as my best friend! Joan, you are nothing but a mistress that destroys the relationship of others!” 
Gabriella was so convincing in twisting the facts that the crowd gradually believed that she was the victim.
Within a short time, many of them sympathized with her and their criticism against Joan grew louder. 
“This woman is really pretty, why does she need to be a mistress?” 
“The prettier they are, the more tempting they become when seducing the fiancé of others!” 
“Pfft, what a shameless woman!” 
“That’s right, death to mistresses!” 
Joan sat dumbfounded in her chair, drenched by the water that Gabriella had thrown on her. 
At that moment, she was utterly confused. She didn’t believe what Gabriella said but reality seemed to persuade her that it was true. 
“No! I’m not a mistress, I’m not! Larry and I truly love each other!” Joan yelled with an insecure tone as if she was trying to convince everyone around her, including herself. 
Just as she screamed, she grabbed her bag and pushed her way through the crowd before running off miserably. She needed to calm herself down and gather her thoughts about the shocking news she had received. 
Looking at Joan’s pathetic retreat, Gabriella finally felt satisfied over venting her frustration. Pointing at Joan, she declared, “Look, that vixen doesn’t dare stay and challenge me because she knows she’s in the wrong! A mistress will definitely meet a miserable end!” Gabriella ended her sentence with a gloating laugh. 
When the crowd realized the altercation was over, they slowly dispersed as there was no point in staying. 
Only Gabriella was left standing there, staring in the direction that Joan had run.
“Joan, just you wait, there is more to come. Challenging me will only end in your doom!” 
Just as she spoke, Gabriella left with a sneer as she had something more important to attend to. 
The next morning, the headline: Mysterious Mistress Breaks Apart Relationship of Ward Group’s Daughter and Norton Corporation President was splashed across the front page of all the major newspapers. 
As the Norton Corporation was among the largest conglomerates in Marsingfill, the young president of Norton Corporation was naturally a character of interest for gossip and the subject of attention of many youngsters. 
Meanwhile, the Ward family was also a prominent family, as they too wielded enormous influence in the city. 
Therefore, the scandal about Larry and Gabriella easily spread like wildfire. 
While everyone was discussing the controversy, they were extremely curious as to who this mysterious mistress named Joan Watts was.
###Chapter 1490
Chapter 1490 
“Hey, have you heard that Larry of Norton Corporation is engaged to Gabriella of Ward Group?” 
“Yes, I’m sure many single young men and women would be heartbroken to hear the news.” 
“That isn’t even the juiciest part. Who do you think the mysterious mistress named Joan Watts is?” 
“Gabriella is already a beauty. To be able to steal Larry away from her, Joan must be even more of a stunner.” 
“Sheesh, so what if she is prettier, isn’t she nothing but a relationship destroying vixen?” 
“What a pity. Why did she need to be a mistress?” 
The scandal became the talk of the town while Larry, Gabriella, and Joan’s names were now the most recognizable within the city. 
Meanwhile, Gabriella, who was the culprit behind the news, was drinking tea at home triumphantly while closely monitoring the latest developments. 
After she left the café, she had instructed her men to share this news with all the major media outlets. 
Naturally, such a juicy scandal attracted a lot of attention from the media. Thereafter, the headlines were all published. 
Following that, a “good Samaritan” leaked Joan’s home address to the media. 
This resulted in a huge group of reporters swarming Joan’s rented place. They had wanted to see the face of this mysterious mistress and also interview her.
After leaving pathetically last night, Joan returned to her own rented abode. As she had been staying in Larry’s villa, this was the first time she came back since then. 
After giving it some thought, Joan realized that there were tons of loopholes in what Gabriella had said. But, there were some parts that were undeniable still. 
She felt what Gabriella said was right. An ordinary girl like her was not worthy of Larry. Only a girl from a prominent family like Gabriella would make a good match for him due to their similar family backgrounds. 
However, Joan couldn’t ignore how Larry’s parents treated her. 
She could tell that they were being sincere to her. After all, they had given her the bracelet which was a family heirloom. Therefore, how is it possible that such a distinguished couple lie to me? 
With that thought in mind, Joan’s fears were allayed a little. After covering herself with her blanket, she fell asleep right away. 
By the time she awoke, it was already the next morning. 
As it was a habit of hers to check her phone, she saw the shocking news right away. 
Mysterious Mistress Breaks Apart Relationship of Ward Group’s Daughter and Norton Corporation President. When Joan saw the headline, she subconsciously tapped into the article. 
The moment she finished reading it, her face turned as white as a sheet. 
Gabriella actually announced it to the media? 
Then… could it be that what she said was really the truth? That I destroyed their marriage and stole Larry? Otherwise, what gives her the confidence to publicly declare such a thing?
Holding that thought, Joan suddenly felt that everything was preposterous. She had naively assumed that she got together with Larry when in reality, it was all just a farce. She was but a mistress who interfered with someone else’s relationship. 
Clenching her fist, she dug her fingernails into her skin in anger. However, the pain she felt in her hand was nothing compared to what she felt in her heart. 
Joan felt dejected. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t escape the jaws of fate. She seemed to never be able to get her way in love. 
Given how sad she was, her thoughts began to fall into a vicious cycle of negativity. 
At that moment, Joan had forgotten how well Larry treated her and how his parents had handed her the bracelet. 
There was only one thing in her mind, that is to leave Larry. After having betrayed Gabriella and labeled a vixen, she felt tired and didn’t want to continue the relationship. 
Just then, she suddenly heard a commotion outside her house followed by someone knocking on the door. 
Peeking outside, she saw a large group of people with cameras and microphones standing outside. 
It was obvious to her that the reporters were there to interview her. 
She decided not to open the door as she didn’t know how to deal with their questions. More importantly, she didn’t even know how to face herself.
###Chapter 1491
Chapter 1491 
“Ms. Watts, will you accept our interview?” 
The reporters somehow knew she was inside and kept insisting on questioning her. 
“Ms. Watts, do you have any comment about Mr. Norton and Ms. Ward’s marriage problems?” 
“Someone alleged that you came in between their relationship, can you tell us if that’s true?” 
Joan stood behind the door, covering her mouth as tears streamed down her cheeks. 
She could hear everything being said outside clearly. Face with the damaging accusations, she couldn’t think of a single reason to defend herself with. 
Unfortunately, Larry had no idea what was going on. When Joan sent him a message telling him that she wasn’t coming home the night before, he didn’t think too much of it. 
At that moment, he was busy working at Norton Corporation. 
Ring… Ring… His private line suddenly rang. When he saw that it was his father calling, Larry quickly answered. 
“Dad, why are you calling me so early in the morning?” Larry asked. 
“Why? Where are you now?” 
The voice over the line sounded exasperated. 
“I’m at the office, working. What happened?” Larry asked when he senses the concern in his dad’s voice.
“Something has happened to Joan and yet you don’t know a thing? How irresponsible can you get?” Finnick barked in rage. 
“What? Joan is in trouble?” 
Larry sprang to his feet as his tone darkened. 
“Turn on the television and see for yourself,” Finnick replied. 
“Also, what is this about Gabriella? I’m warning you, Larry, you’d better clean up your mess and not hurt Joan’s feelings!” 
Doo… Doo…. Doo… 
The call ended abruptly. It was obvious that Finnick thought Larry was somehow involved with Gabriella. Therefore, he was furious at his son’s actions. 
As for Larry, he quickly found out about everything that had happened. 
This is all my fault! 
Larry blamed himself. Ever since Joan moved in with him, he reassigned Caspian from his duty of protecting her. 
Furthermore, he didn’t suspect anything when Joan didn’t come home the night before. 
If he had known about this in advance, he could have prevented Joan from getting hurt. 
But now, Joan must have found out about everything. 
With that thought in mind, he had the urge to rush toward Joan’s home.
When his car stopped in front of her house, Larry saw a huge group of reporters. 
Worried that Joan would be in danger, he rushed toward her house. 
When they saw that Larry was approaching, the reporters turned their attention and swarmed toward him. 
“Mr. Norton, are you here to see Ms. Watts? May I know what your relationship with her is?” 
“Mr. Norton, is it true that you and Ms. Ward are engaged? How do you plan to deal with this matter?” 
Surrounded by reporters, Larry had no choice but to reply, “Please let me pass. This is all just a misunderstanding. In a short while, the Norton Corporation will organize a press conference and the truth will be revealed.” 
With that, Larry pushed his way through the crowd. Arriving at her front door, he called out, “Joan, open the door, it’s me.” 
The door opened quickly, and Larry slid in before closing the door behind him. 
“Joan, are you alright?” Larry asked with concern. 
“Why don’t you ask your fiancée? Why are you even here?” Joan replied coldly without even making eye contact. 
Realizing that she must have misunderstood the whole situation, Larry quickly explained, “Joan, listen to me. This is just a misunderstanding. Gabriella and I are not engaged. Furthermore, she has never ever been my girlfriend.” 
“Why are you still lying to me? If she isn’t, why has the matter blown up to this extent? I’m just an ordinary girl and not worthy of the president of Norton Corporation. Stop tormenting me and go away!”
Joan yelled with tears glistening in her eyes. 
When he saw how devastated she was, Larry was heartbroken as he gave her a hug.
###Chapter 1492
Chapter 1492 
“Let go of me! Let me go!” 
Joan pounded her fist on him forcefully to keep him away. 
However, Larry refused to let go as he held onto her tightly. 
After struggling for a while, she stopped moving when she realized it was futile. Allowing Larry to hug her, she continued sobbing in his arms. 
“Joan, please believe me. I love you for who you are and I don’t care about your background. In fact, my parents feel the same way too. Have you forgotten that they told us to take care of each other?” 
Holding Joan in his arms, the sound of her sobs broke his heart. 
Nevertheless, Larry’s embrace managed to give Joan strength. The images of his parents advising them to stay strong together and handing her the bracelet began to emerge in her mind. 
Once she began to calm down, Joan considered the matter thoroughly. 
She had initially found the matter to be strange, but it was what happened later that caused her to lose her rationality. 
After giving it some thought, Joan felt that she had reacted childishly. 
“Do your parents really not care about my background?” Joan asked skeptically as she buried her head in his chest. 
“Of course, you silly gal. Isn’t that obvious to you too?”
Larry’s voice was gentle like the breeze. 
“What about Gabriella? What is your relationship with her?” 
At the mention of Gabriella, Joan couldn’t help but feel guilty. 
“There is nothing going on between Gabriella and me. The Nortons and the Wards have always been business partners. Therefore, when Gabriella insisted on working at Norton Corporation, I had no reason to refuse. She had tried to ask her dad, Landon, to arrange a marriage of convenience but my parents never agreed.” 
He continued, “Ever since what happened last time, I kicked her out of Norton Corporation. I didn’t expect her to cook up such a drama now. This time, I’m not going to let her off!” Larry’s gaze darkened. 
Gabriella, after challenging my threshold repeatedly, don’t blame me now for being merciless. 
“Last time? What do you mean?” 
Joan chose to believe Larry but her curiosity was piqued when she heard him mention what Gabriella did last time. 
This gal is simply too naive to see Gabriella as nothing but a good friend. It’s time I break the news to her. 
After pondering a moment, Larry asked, “Do you remember when you were kidnapped, brought to the outskirts, and drugged?” 
Obviously, she would never forget such a traumatic experience. One of the reasons she left for A Nation was because she couldn’t put the incident behind her. 
“I’ll never forget it,” Joan replied as she could feel the lingering trauma.
If it wasn’t for Larry arriving in the nick of time, I would have been… 
In the event the worst happened then, she would likely have committed suicide. 
“What does that have anything to do with Gabriella?” Joan inquired. 
“It has everything to do with her because she was the one behind it,” Larry asserted with conviction. 
“What?” 
Joan widened her eyes in shock, “That’s impossible! We are best friends.” 
Never in her wildest dreams did Joan think that Gabriella would do such a thing to her. 
“Larry, did you make a mistake? Gabriella is a good friend of mine! This isn’t something to joke about.” Joan felt that Larry had got it wrong. 
“Joan, don’t judge a book by its cover. Gabriella may be nice to you on the surface but you will never know what she is thinking. If she really sees you as a good friend, how do you explain everything that has happened today?” 
Larry’s voice was solemn as he hoped Joan would be able to see the truth after this incident. 
“But, why is she doing all this?” 
Joan was devastated upon the realization that her best friend had been scheming against her. 
“Because she thinks that you have taken something that was rightfully hers. That you have stolen the position of Mrs. Norton, wife to the president of Norton Corporation. But it was never hers to begin with. It was her narcissism that convinced her otherwise, and then you coincidentally appeared,” Larry explained patiently.
###Chapter 1493
Chapter 1493 
Although Joan might feel disturbed by it, he still had to tell the truth to prevent her from being hurt again. 
Joan fell into silence after having heard Larry’s words. 
Even though she refused to believe it, the facts spoke for themselves. 
She realized the friendship that she treasured was easily cast aside in the face of a conflict of interest. She couldn’t help but sneer at herself in a self-deprecating manner. 
When he saw how disappointed Joan was, Larry gently kissed her on her cheeks and comforted, “Don’t be sad, you still have me. I’ll always be by your side.” 
When she heard Larry’s affectionate words, Joan’s nose twitched as she tried to hold back her tears desperately. She leaned into Larry’s chest. “Larry, thank you. Thank you for always staying by my side.” 
“Silly gal, why are you even thanking me?” 
Both of them hugged each other tightly and immersed themselves in the rare emotional moment. 
“Larry, what do we do now?” Joan couldn’t help but ask when she thought about the swarm of reporters outside. 
“Don’t worry, just leave it to me.” 
Larry knew it was time for him to take charge of resolving the matter. 
On the same day afternoon, he organized a press conference at Norton Corporation.
The office entrance was swarmed with people. Other than a huge legion of reporters, there were also hordes of curious onlookers. They were all interested to know the latest developments of the scandal. 
Larry brought Joan to the press conference. After all, she was the scandal’s biggest victim as her reputation was ruined by it. 
To redeem her name, Larry had to clarify the truth and announce something at the press conference. Therefore, he forced Joan to come along with him. 
The moment both of them appeared at the press conference holding hands, it caused a stir among the reporters present. 
After taking their seats, the reporters scrambled to asked questions. 
“Mr. Norton, can you tell us the real reason for holding this press conference?” 
“Mr. Norton, why are you here together with Ms. Watts? Is it true what they have alleged on the internet about your relationship?” 
“Ms. Watts, many people accuse you of being the third party. Do you have any comments on that?” 
When the reporters had fired away most of their questions, Larry began to speak. 
After he answered most of the key questions, he began to clarify the matter to everyone present. 
“Gabriella isn’t my girlfriend, and we have never been engaged. As for her desperate attempt at spreading such rumors, I have hired a lawyer and will be taking legal action against her for slandering both myself and Joan.” 
He continued, “At the same time, I hope everyone can see this matter rationally and not spread further lies about us. Or else, I will not tolerate any of it.”
Larry’s voice was firm and emitted a domineering aura that cowed all the reporters into silence. 
Larry’s parents were also present at the press conference. After Larry had finished, Finnick began to speak. 
“I would like to reiterate that the Norton family never agreed to a marriage of convenience with the Wards. I can guarantee this upon my honor. Please do not dwell on this matter any further and more importantly, do not trouble the victim, Ms. Watts, anymore.” 
With the honorable Finnick, who was the previous chairman of Norton Corporation, clarifying the matter, everyone was convinced that Gabriella was the one who fabricated the whole incident. 
Now that the truth was revealed and having recovered her reputation, Joan smiled in relief as she thought that the matter had been resolved. 
However, Larry still had something important to announce. “There’s one more thing I would like to share with everyone. I, Larry Norton, would like to officially ask Ms. Watts for her hand in marriage. Joan, will you marry me?” 
The moment Larry popped the question, he caused an uproar at the press conference. 
The reporters had planned to rush back to their respective publishers to publish the contents of the press conference. However, they didn’t expect the momentous surprise at the end.
###Chapter 1494
Chapter 1494 
The next moment, cheers erupted everywhere. 
Just like an elegant prince, Larry walked up to Joan and brought out the ring he prepared. Kneeling with one knee on the ground, he gazed longingly into Joan’s eyes. 
“I love you Joan, marry me!” 
“Marry him! Marry him…” 
With everyone immersing themselves in the romantic moment, loud cheers rang out through the crowd. 
Face with Larry’s affectionate gaze, Joan couldn’t help but cover her mouth in shock. 
Everything before her felt so much like a fantasy that she couldn’t believe it herself. 
She was already thankful that she could redeem her reputation at the press conference. Hence, she didn’t expect Larry to come up with such a surprise at all. 
“Joan, will you marry me?” 
When he saw how emotional she was, Larry popped the question again. 
“I will love you for the rest of my life and I will not allow you to come to any harm. I…” 
Before he could finish, he was interrupted by Joan’s sobbing voice. 
“I will! I most definitely will!” Joan replied aloud as tears streamed down her cheeks. 
After having gone through so much, nothing was more important than staying by each other’s side.
As she had never been this happy before, Joan looked at Larry and felt that he was the world to her. 
“That’s wonderful!” 
The moment was so beautiful that even the reporters were touched by it. Cameras began to flash incessantly as they recorded the romantic moment. 
Larry slowly stood up and lifted Joan’s right hand. He then helped her put on the ring while gazing passionately into her eyes. 
Joan, from now on, you will be known as Mrs. Norton. 
Surrounded by anticipative stares, Larry kissed her on her tender lips. 
The raging passion within his kiss spilled onto her endlessly, as if to show how strong his feelings for her were. 
Larry, from now till the end of time, till death do us part. 
Showered with thunderous applause, Larry and Joan hugged each other affectionately. 
Just when both of them were relishing the beautiful moment, something unexpected occurred. 
Gabriella had just arrived at the press conference. 
She was feeling guilty as she didn’t expect the matter to have escalated to that extent. 
When she heard that Larry had organized a press conference, she began to panic and rushed to the scene to see what was going to happen. 
She had regretted her actions as the moment she was exposed, she would be spurned by the public.
Now, the only thing that gave her courage was the business relationship the Wards shared with the Nortons. 
She felt that Larry would restrain himself in order to preserve their partnership. 
Obviously, Gabriella had overestimated the importance of her own family. Larry exposed her with total disregard for the business relationship both families shared. 
The moment she arrived at the press conference, she coincidentally saw Larry helping Joan put on the ring followed by their affectionate hug. 
At that moment, Gabriella charged forward hysterically as she couldn’t tolerate how happy Joan and Larry were in front of her. 
Larry is mine and can only be mine! 
Just when she was making a commotion, her mouth was suddenly covered by someone. 
Mmm… Mmm… Mmm… 
Despite struggling vehemently and trying to shout, all Gabriella could manage was muffled screams. 
The person who had caught her was none other than Caspian. 
Evidently, Larry had expected Gabriella to cause trouble at the press conference. Just as a precaution, he had arranged for Caspian to monitor the event so that Gabriella could be stopped the moment she appeared. 
Naturally, his fears turned out to be true. When Caspian noticed the maniacal Gabriella, he covered her mouth and dragged her away.
Despite her desperate attempts to herself from Caspian, her struggles were futile as the difference in strength was just too big.
###Chapter 1495
Chapter 1495 
Caspian easily dragged her to the entrance of Norton Corporation and threw her out of the building. 
Gabriella almost fell to the ground from the shove. After regaining her balance, she became hysterical as she had never suffered such humiliation before, especially as a daughter of the prominent Ward family. 
“You dog of the Nortons, do you know who I am? How dare you touch me!” 
Gabriella continued to roar at Caspian, “Let me in, or else I will get Larry to fire you!” 
Staring at Gabriella who had lost all senses, Caspian remained expressionless and replied calmly, “I’m sorry Ms. Ward, my boss has told me that everyone is allowed to enter except for you.” 
“That’s impossible! Larry would never treat me that way. How dare you keep me out?” 
Caspian’s words had only served to infuriated Gabriella further. 
“You must have decided to not let me in on your own accord!” 
Gabriella refused to give up as she charged forward again, screaming. 
“Let me in! Let me in!” 
Standing in front of her, Caspian’s body was like an immovable mountain. 
“You’re just a dog of the Nortons!” Gabriella was so outraged that she hurled a slap at Caspian’s face. 
However, Caspian managed to catch her hand and glared coldly back at her.
You crazy woman. I had wanted to show you mercy but it seems that you are not appreciative of it. Don’t blame me for being rough, then. 
“You deserve this!” Just as he spoke, Caspian returned her slap. 
Slap! As the crisp sound rang out, a palm print appeared on Gabriella’s face. 
“You… you dare hit me?” 
Gabriella looked at Caspian in disbelief. A mere bodyguard dared to slap me! 
“My boss had ordered me to teach you a lesson if you continue to cause trouble. He said that he will shoulder the responsibility of whatever happens.” 
After slapping Gabriella, Caspian was filled with a sense of gratification. However, he dared not push his luck. After all, she was a daughter of the Wards. 
“Ms. Wards, my boss would like to warn you that if you continue to be difficult, he will expose you as the mastermind of the kidnapping incident. When that happens, I’m afraid you will have to go to prison.” 
Running thin on patience, Caspian issued her an ultimatum. 
Evidently, Caspian’s threat of sending her to prison shook her back to her senses. 
However, unwilling to leave quietly, she glared at Caspian and scowled, “Just you wait, I’ll get back at you one day!” 
Not wanting to be humiliated further, Gabriella quickly got into her car and drove away. 
When she arrived home fuming and wanted to return to her room, she coincidentally ran into Landon.
She didn’t feel like talking to him, so she turned in another direction to avoid him. 
“Stop where you are.” 
Noticing that she was trying to hide, Landon called out to her. “Now that you’re back, I have something to ask you.” 
Realizing that there was no avoiding it, she turned around and replied with her head lowered, “What is it, Dad?” 
“Gabriella, I heard that the Norton Corporation has organized a press conference. Does it have anything to do with you?” 
Landon was just informed that his daughter was now in an awkward position for fabricating lies. Storming downstairs in rage, he had wanted to find out the truth and didn’t expect to run into Gabriella. 
“Dad, it’s nothing. Don’t worry.” 
Unwilling to tell him, Gabriella planned to hide the truth from her father. 
“Gabriella, I have heard some rumors. You must tell me everything truthfully. If you have gotten yourself into any trouble, I will definitely help you.” 
Landon looked affectionately at Gabriella. Given that she was the only child, he couldn’t tolerate her being hurt in any way.
###Chapter 1496
Chapter 1496 
Landon’s words moved Gabriella, causing her to realize that only her own family would truly care about her. 
Holding that thought, her expression drastically changed when she recalled how caring Larry was toward Joan. 
However, she recovered her composure quickly as she didn’t want to lose her temper in front of Landon. 
When she saw that her father was waiting for her response, she gathered her thoughts and explained to him what happened without any hesitation. 
However, she left out one key detail. She only declared that she was in love with Larry but didn’t mention Larry was in love with Joan. 
Out of jealousy, she accused Joan of coming in between her relationship with Larry, and that Joan was the third party. Furthermore, Gabriella also claimed she was manipulated by someone else into causing the whole drama to unfold. 
Throughout her explanation, she never admitted her role in the matter. All she did was blame her own impulse. 
“Tell me, were you the one who went to the press about the matter?” Landon asked skeptically once Gabriella had finished. 
“No, it wasn’t me. All I did was scold Joan out of anger. I didn’t expect the matter to escalate to such an extent.”
Gabriella pretended to be in agony. “It’s all my fault. If I hadn’t made the wild accusations, this wouldn’t have happened. I wouldn’t have ruined our family’s reputation and caused my good friend, Joan, grievous hurt. Dad, you should punish me for what I have done.” 
When he saw how repentant Gabriella was and the tears that welled up in her eyes, Landon’s heart ached for his daughter. He consoled her, “Gabriella, although you acted on impulse this time, it isn’t entirely your fault. It’s obvious someone has been using this episode to do harm to our family. Going forward, you have to remember to keep your calm and think before you act.” 
Evidently, Landon loved his daughter greatly. Not only did he believe Gabriella’s words entirely, he even saw her as the victim and comforted her. 
“I’ll keep that in mind and won’t repeat my mistake again, Dad,” Gabriella promised as she smiled sweetly at her dad. 
As long as my dad supports me, there’s nothing for me to worry about, Gabriella thought smugly to herself. 
“Gabriella, what happened to your face?” 
When she looked up, Landon noticed the red print on her cheeks. 
As she had returned home hastily, she forgot the mark that was left on her face. Now that Landon had noticed it, she was stumped by his question. 
“Tell me the truth, who hit you?” 
Landon was obviously angered. “Who dared to hit my daughter? Do they have a death wish?” 
Despite feeling encouraged by her dad’s support, she still pretended to be pitiful. “It was Larry’s bodyguard that hit me. I wanted to apologize to Joan at the press conference but he didn’t allow to me
enter. Instead, he ridiculed me and even gave me a slap.” 
Tears streamed down Gabriella’s cheeks as she related what happened to her father. 
Regardless of whether it was done on purpose, her tears caused Landon to be outraged. “How dare a lowly bodyguard hit you. I will call Larry to complain right away!” 
Just as Landon picked up the phone angrily, Gabriella quickly stopped him. 
“Dad, don’t. If you get into a quarrel with him, our family will be the ones to suffer. For the sake of our business interest, let’s just endure it for the time being.” 
Although Gabriella made it seem like she was concerned about her family, she was actually worried that Larry would expose her lies once both men started arguing. 
If that happened, the trust that she painstakingly gained from Landon would disappear, and she would fall into dire circumstances. 
For the sake of her long-term interests, Gabriella decided to bear with her grudge for the time being. 
When Landon saw how sensible his daughter was for prioritizing the interests of the family, he couldn’t help but smile in contentment.
###Chapter 1497
Chapter 1497 
Landon clenched his jaw. ”I’m proud that you’ve grown into such a fine and considerate young woman. Alright, we’ll tolerate the matter for now. Don’t worry, even if we don’t start a feud against Norton Corporation, I’ll still make them pay for harming my daughter!” 
He then phoned someone and said, “This is Landon. Have we started our business collaboration with Norton Corporation? No? Good. I want you to cancel the collaboration immediately because I’m no longer interested in doing business with them. Compensation for breach of contract? Just pay it, then! I want them to know what happens when they upset us Wards!” 
What Landon canceled was a long-awaited business collaboration with Norton Corporation. Ward Group’s sudden withdrawal was definitely going to cause Norton Corporation massive losses, but that was nothing compared to the severe damages that Ward Group would face. 
However, Landon was so consumed with avenging his daughter that he forgot to consider the consequences of his actions. 
A second passed when he finally realized how grave a mistake he had made. His thoughts scrambled for a way to reverse his actions, but it was far too late now. 
Damn it. My blind rage has single-handedly shoved our family company into a deep grave. Unfortunately, this came as an afterthought. 
Standing next to him, Gabriella was extremely touched by his father’s decision to defend her honor. Her arms coiled around his neck as she placed a grateful kiss on his cheek. 
“You’re the best, Dad!” Gabriella sang in a honeyed voice. 
“Anything for my daughter.” Landon’s lips curled into an affectionate smile.
Unbeknownst to them, this incident would later become the catalyst for causing a major rift in their relationship. 
Meanwhile, Joan had officially become Larry’s fiancée now that she had accepted his marriage proposal. 
She terminated her lease and moved into Larry’s villa. This way, it was easier for them to share romantic and intimate moments in their own private little bubble. 
Joan’s eyes cracked open from sleep. She reached an arm over to Larry’s spot but realized that he had already gotten out of bed. 
She yawned and peeled her back off the bed, getting up to see what Larry was up to. 
Soon enough, she saw Larry standing near the bedroom window. He stared blankly at the view outside with a half-burnt cigarette between his fingers, unaware that Joan had approached him. 
Back when Joan had left him, he picked up smoking as a way of relieving stress. 
This developed into a habit over the years. 
It was normally manageable when Joan was beside him. However, there were still times when he would gravitate towards a cigarette naturally, especially when he felt troubled or when Joan wasn’t around. 
“Larry,” Joan called out softly from behind. 
Once Larry heard her voice, he immediately put out his cigarette and turned to face Joan with a smile. “You’re up early, why didn’t you sleep in a bit?”
“I woke up and couldn’t go back to sleep.” Joan paused and scrunched her brows into a frown. “Larry, why are you smoking again? You know that it’s bad for you.” 
“Force of habit.” Larry’s gentle gaze met hers as he apologized, “Sorry. I know how much you hate the stale smell of cigarettes.” 
Joan was well aware of Larry’s smoking habits. She knew that he picked it up because of how she suddenly disappeared from his life back then, and the thought of this made her chest tighten with guilt. 
She placed a hand on her belly and continued distressedly, “Larry, I know you started smoking because of me. Now that we’re together again, will you please quit smoking? It’ll be best for you, me, and our baby.” 
Obviously, there was no way Larry would refuse after seeing Joan’s bright and hopeful eyes. Besides, Joan was pregnant with his child now. He felt a sense of dread as he looked at her swollen belly, feeling terrified of how smoking would negatively affect his child. 
“Don’t worry, I promise I’ll stop from now onwards,” Larry spoke with an iron-like determination as he wrapped his arms around Joan. 
Laying against his chest cozily, Joan felt all fluttery inside. ”Good, now you have to keep your word! So what happens if you don’t?” 
“Then you can punish me however you see fit,” Larry chuckled at her adorable, cat-like smile.
###Chapter 1498
Chapter 1498 
“I trust that you won’t break your promise. After all, you have to set a good example for our children.” 
Joan’s eyes squinted and her smile curved deeper as she teased Larry. 
“An outstanding man like myself would never break promises,” Larry complimented himself, to which Joan rolled her eyes. 
Realizing that neither of them had breakfast yet, she asked thoughtfully, “What do you feel like having for breakfast? I’ll make it for you.” 
“Hmm… anything?” Larry grinned slyly. 
“Of course, I’m sure I can whip anything up.” 
Joan puffed her chest confidently, oblivious to the fact that she had fallen into Larry’s trap. 
“How about… you!” Larry’s voice boomed while he scooped Joan up and carried her back to the bed. 
Joan gasped. Her face burned a tomato-red once she realized his intentions. “Put me down, it’s too early for this!” 
“It’s never too early to stretch your muscles. Don’t you agree, Mrs. Norton?” 
Playful laughter rumbled from Larry as he gently laid her onto the bed. 
Desire clouded his eyes as he stared intensely at Joan. 
Seeing this, Joan’s heart thumped louder and wilder in her chest. She felt dizzy with shyness, but more so with anticipation.
Larry crawled toward her slowly, towering over Joan as their eyes met. Their faces were so close that they could hear each other’s heavy breathing. 
Joan exhaled. Her warm breath tingled the fine hairs on Larry’s face, driving him wild with lust. 
He gazed affectionately at Joan before kissing her with an uninhibited passion. Soon, the temperature in the room rose as romance filled the air. 
An hour later, Joan lay on Larry’s chest panting while he stroked the strands of her pitch-black hair in contentment. 
“Larry, what should we name our baby?” Joan’s eyes rounded hopefully as she thought of the exciting years to come. 
He was still combing his fingers through her hair but paused to respond, ”Come now, silly. It’s still too early to settle on a name. We should take our time to find the right one.” 
“Then, do you prefer a boy or a girl?” Joan asked him seriously. 
“Either is fine, as long as they’re our kids.” 
Neither Larry nor his parents were biased toward having sons over daughters. Hence, Larry would love his baby dearly, regardless of its gender. 
“If it’s a boy, he has to be as exceptional as his daddy; if it’s a girl—” Joan trailed off as she fantasized about their future. 
“If it’s a girl, then she’ll be as beautiful and as kind as her mother. However, she has to inherit her father’s intelligence, that’s not an option,” Larry finished her sentence. 
Joan smiled giddily at his compliment, but that smile dropped as soon as she heard that last bit he said.
“Hey! Are you calling me dumb?” Joan huffed at him. 
“Well, if the shoe fits.” Larry stuck his tongue out at her. 
“I’m gonna get you for this!” Joan said through gritted teeth as she pounced onto Larry. 
As soon as she did, he grinned dangerously at her. She knew what was coming from the way he wriggled his fingers. 
“N-no! Don’t tickle me, don’t you dare!” Joan roared once his fingers reached the sides of her waist. “You meanie!” 
“H-hahaha, I’m sorry, I’m sorry! Please stop!” Joan begged as she squirmed around. 
Helplessness filled Joan’s exhausted body. If I knew it would end like this, I wouldn’t have tried to tackle him. 
After their tickle fight, Larry tensed as he brought up a serious matter. 
“Joan, I need you to pack some clothes. We’re going to visit your parents and tell them about our marriage, as well as ask for their approval.” 
Although Joan accepted my proposal, I still haven’t gotten her parents’ approval yet. 
“Okay, let’s go after breakfast then.” 
Joan instantly agreed because she had hoped to tell her parents about the good news as soon as she could. 
“Aren’t you worried that your parents won’t approve of me or our marriage?” Larry questioned curiously after seeing how eager Joan was.
###Chapter 1499
Chapter 1499 
“Why would I be worried?” Joan’s eyes sparkled with adoration at him. “I have the utmost faith that you, my boyfriend, is not some ordinary guy that they’ll reject so easily.” 
Despite her confidence in him, she still felt the need to warn him to be on his best behavior. 
So she added, “But don’t be too arrogant! My mom’s not too fussy, but getting my dad’s approval won’t be an easy task.” 
Larry’s confidence soared as he bragged, “Relax. It’s like you said, I’m not some ordinary guy. I’m sure Mr. and Mrs. Watts will love me.” 
“Wow.” Joan rolled her eyes as she pouted, “I compliment you once, and now you’re getting big- headed.” 
Larry chuckled softly at her. 
When Joan first met Larry’s parents, he insisted that Joan didn’t need to show up with a visiting gift. 
However, now that it was Larry’s turn to meet her parents, he prowled at every shop in the mall for gifts. Even Joan couldn’t stop him. 
“Okay, that’s more than enough. You need to stop!” Joan ushered, but to no avail. 
Larry’s bodyguard, Caspian, had already made two trips to pack away the gifts into the car. Yet, he currently had various bags looped around his arms as he carried tall stacks of gift boxes. 
“Just a little more.” Larry was unswayed by Joan. He continued to sift through gifts while ordering, “Caspian, take these back to the car. We’ll be done soon.”
Caspian couldn’t help but slump at this. “Sir, we should stop now since this seems plentiful enough.” 
“Oh? Caspian, are you incapable of transporting the gifts? or is it because you think you know better?” 
Larry then shot a cold glare at Caspian, “Are you doubting my orders?” 
“Never, Sir. Your word is the law.” Caspian forced a smile. You’re the boss. 
Larry scoffed before his focus begrudgingly returned to the infinite display of gifts before him. 
“This seems like a good amount, right?” Larry eventually mumbled. 
“Yes!” Joan hurriedly linked her arm around his. “That’s more than enough. Let’s go, dear.” 
Dissatisfaction lurked in Larry’s voice as he replied, “I guess this is it for now then. Caspian, make the payment with my card.” 
“Right away, Sir.” 
Despite carrying many bags and boxes, Caspian dashed without dropping a single item. He moved with haste, relieved that he was finally released from his shopping duties. 
Larry realized just how much he had bought once all the gifts were piled into the car. It was as if brightly colored bags and boxes had exploded in the entirety of the car’s trunk. 
“Caspian, you’ll have to take a cab back on your own.” 
It just wouldn’t be right to bring my bodyguard along to visit my parents-in-law. 
“Sure thing, Sir. I’ll be off then.” Caspian nodded politely. 
He then turned and nodded with an equal amount of respect for Joan. “I’ll take my leave, Ma’am.”
Caspian definitely felt like Joan was equally, if not more formidable than Larry. Hence, it was better to tread carefully than to cross her. 
Joan was stunned for a moment before bursting into hearty laughter. 
“Ma’am” was definitely an interesting title that she had never expected to be called. 
Larry chuckled along, feeling pleased with her new title before waving for her to get moving. “Let’s head back.” 
On the drive there, Joan snuck multiple glances at Larry to see if he was nervous. To her disappointment, Larry’s face remained gravely calm. 
Larry caught onto her suspicious behavior and teased, “Are you staring at me because of my dashing looks?” 
“Aren’t you nervous?” Joan blurted. I was such a nervous wreck when I first met his parents, so how is he not freaking out right now? 
“What is there to be nervous about? I’m simply meeting your parents,” Larry hummed complacently. “Not everyone wets themselves as you did.” 
At this, Joan pouted and focused on the passing scenery outside the window. 
Once she wasn’t looking, the corner of Larry’s lips twitched subtly. Silly girl, there’s no way that I’m not nervous!
###Chapter 1500
Chapter 1500 
Although Larry felt confident, there was still no saying if Joan’s parents would approve of him. 
Nevertheless, he plastered on a calm and collected expression, lest Joan mocks him. 
The rest of the two-hour drive went by swiftly. Larry had been to her parent’s place before, so he navigated the road well. 
“Mom, Dad, I’m home!” Joan announced out of habit. 
“Joan! You’re back.” Mrs. Watts came to greet her. 
Seconds after, Mr. Watts paced out of his study and approached them too. 
Mrs. Watts beamed brightly, but her smile faltered when she saw Larry standing next to Joan. 
“Joan! Why didn’t you tell me that you would be bringing a guest?” Mrs. Watts’ panicked gaze darted back to her daughter. “I didn’t prepare any refreshments or snacks!” 
“Mom, it’s fine. He’s not some outsider,” Joan giggled. 
Not some outsider? Mrs. Watts stilled. Does that mean… he’s her boyfriend? 
The thought of this straightened Mrs. Watts’ back. She then eyed Larry from top to bottom. 
Not bad. Not bad at all. An approving smile grew on Mrs. Watts’ face as she scanned every inch of Larry’s appearance. He was tall and handsome, yet elegant and well-composed at the same time. All of this won Mrs. Watts over.
Once both her parents had gathered before them, Joan announced proudly, “Mom, Dad. This is my boyfriend—Larry Norton.” 
Larry took the chance to step forward and give a slight bow. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Mr. and Mrs. Watts.” 
We’ve met before, Mr. Watts. Larry couldn’t help but wonder if the man remembered him as well. 
Mr. Watts briefly smiled in acknowledgment of Larry’s greeting. Unbeknownst to Larry, Mr. Watts did remember him. 
Joan’s boyfriend, huh? I’ll be the judge of whether he’s worthy enough to be with my daughter. 
It wasn’t a lie when people say that fathers are their daughters’ first love. Mr. Watts had always spoiled Joan, and even to this point, he wanted the very best man for his daughter. So he examined Larry’s every move and every breath with extreme prejudice. 
“Alright now,” Mrs. Watts said. She wasn’t as fussy as her husband when it comes to Larry’s worth. All she knew was that she really liked this well-behaved young man and approved him as her future son- in-law. 
“Come in, Larry. You guys have a seat while I make you some tea.” 
“Please don’t trouble yourself, Mrs. Watts.” Larry smiled before turning to Joan and said, “You go on in. I’ll bring over the gifts from the trunk.” 
“Mm-hmm. You go ahead,” Joan replied in a singsong voice. 
“Oh my! You didn’t have to bring gifts. Your presence is more than enough.” 
Mrs. Watts’ lips parted into a wide grin.
She had hoped that her daughter would find a good man and settle down happily. 
Now that Joan had formally introduced such an exceptional man as her boyfriend, Mrs. Watts’ face lit up with glee. She couldn’t contain the joy that warmed in her chest. 
In the following ten minutes, the Watts watched as Larry carried boxes and bags of gifts from his trunk over to the living room. They initially didn’t think much of it, but as the minutes went by, Mr. and Mrs. Watts’ jaws gradually dropped in shock. 
“Joan, what’s all this?” Mrs. Watts asked. 
Joan shrugged helplessly. “I told him not to get so many gifts, but he kept insisting.” 
“Do you think that’s the last of it?” 
“Hmm, seems like it.” 
“Why is he still going, then?” 
“Give him a minute. I’m sure he’s almost done.” 
“Is that it?” 
“I-I’m not so sure anymore.” 
The Watts’ eyes widened in disbelief once Larry was done moving the gifts. 
There was now a mountain-like pile of gifts that almost reached the ceiling in the living room. At this, Mrs. Watts twiddled her thumbs. “Did you guys buy everything in the mall?”
Larry chuckled before calmly explaining, “I wanted to get you guys gifts since it’s our first time meeting. However, I didn’t know what you guys liked, so I got a bit of everything. Once we get to know each other better, I’ll bring over gifts that you prefer the next time I visit.” 
“That’s very thoughtful of you, Larry.” Mrs. Watts grinned from ear to ear, feeling more and more satisfied with her daughter’s choice in men. 
“But really, there’s no need for gifts in the future. I’ll be more than happy if you two visit us often. Don’t you agree, darling?”

###Chapter 1501
Chapter 1501 
Mrs. Watts nudged her husband, who had been awfully silent the whole time. 
However, Mr. Watts only nodded in response. 
“Don’t mind him, Larry. He’s a man of few words,” Mrs. Watts tried to diffuse the awkwardness caused by her husband’s actions. 
“It’s okay, Mr. Watts, I understand.” Larry flashed a controlled smile. 
Although Joan’s mom took to me immediately, I still have my work cut out for me. It won’t be easy to get her dad’s acceptance, it seems. 
Larry leaned into the sofa, pondering his next move. 
“Alright then, you guys have a nice chat while I prepare dinner.” With that, Mrs. Watts turned and started walking in the direction of the kitchen. 
However, in the next moment, she said with a fond look, “Joan, why don’t you help me out, hmm?” 
“Okay, Mom.” Joan stood up and left for the kitchen. 
At this, Mr. Watts rose to his feet and instructed, “let’s head to the study.” 
Larry nodded before following Mr. Watts into the study and shutting the door. 
Worry nipped at Joan’s chest as she peeked in the direction of the study. She wasn’t sure what her father had in mind for Larry, but she could only pray for the best.
Meanwhile, Mrs. Watts’ eyes glimmered with excitement once her daughter entered the kitchen. She hurriedly asked, “Joan, tell me about Larry. He doesn’t seem like some random guy.” 
“Well… Larry’s the president of Norton Corporation,” Joan admitted nervously. 
“Norton Corporation? Isn’t that the most dominant company in Marsingfill?” 
Mrs. Watts had never cared about such things, but even she knew about the renowned Norton Corporation. 
“Yeah, that’s the one.” 
Mrs. Watts froze before gasping enthusiastically, “I knew it! I knew that he wasn’t just some ordinary guy. I can’t believe that he comes from such prestigious background!” 
She wasn’t normally materialistic but having such a reputable son-in-law was undeniably something that she could brag to her friends about. 
The joy was short-lived however when she suddenly realized something. Her eyes snapped back to Joan as she protested, “Won’t people nitpick at you and make your life difficult since your boyfriend’s so wealthy and powerful? If that’s the case… Then, absolutely not! I won’t approve of your relationship if it’s going to put you through hardship!” 
No matter how prestigious he is, I won’t allow my precious daughter to live a life of suffering! 
Warmth spread across Joan’s chest. She was moved by her mother’s concern and hastily explained, “Don’t worry, Mom. Larry treats me well, and I think his parents like me too.” 
“You’ve met his parents?”
A sigh of relief slipped out of Mrs. Watts’ lips. “That’s good to hear, then. I had a feeling that your boyfriend is a decent young man. I’m really pleased that you found someone like him.” 
Now that her daughter had found a lovely man whose family also accepted her, Mrs. Watts felt like a weight was finally off her shoulders. 
“Speaking of… Larry proposed to me two days ago in a press conference, and I accepted it.” 
Joan met her mother’s eyes bashfully. “We actually came over to ask for your and Dad’s approval.” 
“He proposed?” Mrs. Watts perked up at this. “Oh my God, that’s great news! There are no ions from me. I’m so pleased!” 
Joan beamed at her mother’s approval, but still couldn’t help but raise her doubts. “But Mom… I don’t think Dad is fond of Larry. What do I do?” 
Mrs. Watts sighed, “I understand. I know how stubborn and foul-tempered your dad can get when his mind is set on something. However, I think he’s just messing with Larry because he’s sad to see his little girl leave her nest. So, there’s really nothing to be worried about.” 
Despite her mother’s comforting words, Joan couldn’t help but still feel worried, if not worse. 
Nonetheless, Joan and Mrs. Watts worked swiftly on preparing dinner. It didn’t take long before they had plated their dishes and set the table. 
“Darling! Larry! Dinner’s ready,” Mrs. Watts called out to the study as she placed the last dish on the table. 
“Coming,” Mr. Watt’s voice sounded.
He then paced over to the dining room with a wide grin on his face as he chuckled heartily, “Come along, Larry, let’s have a drink.”
###Chapter 1502
Chapter 1502 
“Sure, Mr. Watts. Whatever you say,” said Larry as he walked out of the study with a smile. 
“Come, sit over here! Don’t stand on ceremony at home,” invited Mr. Watts as he beckoned him over. 
“Please, take your seat first, Mr. Watts.” 
Both men sat down together. The atmosphere was so harmonious that it barely seemed like they had just met. The hostility Mr. Watts showed earlier had also disappeared. 
Looking at how amicable they were with each other, the mother and daughter pair was stunned. 
What’s going on? They were acting so awkward with each other earlier… Why did they suddenly become friendly now? They glanced at each other, their eyes filled with confusion. 
Both of them shook their head simultaneously, not knowing what had gotten into the men. 
“Joan, bring two glasses over. I’d like to have a good drink with Larry.” Mr. Watts was in high spirits. 
“Oh, okay.” 
Although Joan did not know what had happened, she felt relieved that her father was treating Larry nicely. She turned around and headed to the kitchen to grab two glasses. 
“Larry, I’ve kept this bottle of wine for five years, it’s my prized possession. Since I’m in such a great mood today, let’s drink up!” said Mr. Watts as he brought a bottle of wine out of the room. 
Larry quickly stood up and poured a glass of wine for both of them. Then, he picked the glass up, sniffed it, and praised, “This is an amazing wine. Your taste is definitely much more superior than mine, Mr. Watts.”
After receiving that compliment, Mr. Watts was delighted. He exclaimed happily, “You’re not so bad yourself either, having made a name for yourself at such a young age. I’m glad that Joan is together with you.” 
“Darling, are you feeling uncomfortable?” 
Mr. Watts’ abnormal behavior caused Mrs. Watts to feel slightly worried. It’s fine that he has a bad temper, but what’s with his weird attitude now? Could it be his brain fried itself or something? 
“What are you talking about? I’m fine! In fact, I’m in an extremely good mood today!” 
“But I thought you were reluctant to let your daughter get married? You were still angry earlier!” asked Mrs. Watts, unable to hold herself back any longer. 
“Initially, I was a bit upset and afraid that my daughter would not have a good life with Larry. However, I changed my mind. After having a few rounds of chess with Larry in the study, I realized what kind of a man he is.” 
“What?” 
Both Joan and Mrs. Watts were even more confused after listening to his explanation. They thought that something had happened, but it turned out that Mr. Watts merely had a few rounds of chess with Larry. 
“What can a game of chess tell?” 
Mrs. Watts was a bit unconvinced. “He managed to change your mind with just a few rounds of chess? I thought that you’d be a stubborn man to convince?” 
“Hmph! What do you know?”
Mrs. Watts’ mocking tone stirred Mr. Watts up. “You can judge a person’s character and temper by how he plays chess! Larry’s moves are very strategic, yet open. He doesn’t play any underhanded tricks at all. It’s obvious that he’s a righteous and kind man. Naturally, I won’t be worried to entrust Joan to someone like him.” 
Joan and Mrs. Watts could not grasp what he was trying to say. However, both of them knew that Mr. Watts had finally approved of Larry. 
Not only did he approve of Larry, but he was also very pleased. 
Hence, the mother and daughter duo felt relieved. Now that Mr. Watts had no ions, Larry and Joan’s marriage could finally be settled. 
Joan asked, “Dad, there’s something that I need to tell you. Mom has already agreed to it, but I’d still like to ask for your opinion.” 
“Are you talking about your engagement with Larry?” asked Mr. Watts with a chuckle. 
“Larry already told me about it when we were playing chess. Since I said that I trust Larry, I’ll let him settle the time and details of the engagement.” 
Joan was still stunned by her father’s drastic change in attitude. However, now that everything could be settled nicely, everyone was pleased. 
The family started to eat harmoniously, chatting along the way. It was truly a heart-warming scene. 
After eating, Larry and Joan lingered around for a long time. 
Although Mr. Watts said that Larry should handle everything, there were still some important aspects that would need to be discussed.
###Chapter 1503
Chapter 1503 
After everything was settled, Larry and Joan stood up and bade her parents farewell. 
“Mr. and Mrs. Watts, I still have some work to attend to at my office, so I won’t stay any longer. I’ll send the details of the engagement to the two of you for your perusal soon,” said Larry respectfully. 
“Okay. We’re not worried if you’re the one handling things. We won’t force you to stay anymore. Remember to visit more often,” said Mr. Watts kindly, his attitude drastically different from when he first saw Larry. 
“Larry, you must take good care of Joan and not let her get hurt,” reminded Mrs. Watts. 
She continued, “Also, remember to visit whenever you’re . Although we don’t have much to host you with, we can still have a nice chat together.” 
“Rest assured that I’ll remember everything that you said, Mr. and Mrs. Watts. Joan and I will definitely visit you often,” guaranteed Larry seriously. “We’ll take our leave, then.” 
“Dad, Mom, go back first. We’ll take our leave now.” 
Joan waved her parents farewell. 
“Drive slowly!” 
Mrs. Watts waved back longingly. 
After both of them left, Mrs. Watts cast a glance at Mr. Watts, who was still chuckling with a silly grin on his face. She remarked unhappily, “Look at how happy you are now. You weren’t like this when Larry first came. You’re so easily influenced!”
“I’m giving the youngster a chance! Besides, Larry’s a really impressive man. You’re so delighted that you can’t stop smiling too.” 
Truth be told, Mr. Watts felt a little embarrassed that he got convinced just by a few rounds of chess. It was not a glorious thing to tell everyone. 
Ignoring him, Mrs. Watts rolled her eyes and walked toward the house. 
Scratching his nose awkwardly, Mr. Watts followed his wife in. 
While they were driving back, Joan looked at Larry and remarked light-heartedly, “I didn’t expect you to pass my parents’ trials so easily. It’s gonna be smooth sailing from here on out.” 
Larry smiled. “Mrs. Watts didn’t pose a challenge at all. She’s dying to entrust her daughter to me. As for Mr. Watts…” 
He deliberately paused there. 
“What about my father? I keep thinking that it’s very unlikely that you managed to win his favor just by playing chess. Is there another reason for it?” Joan could not help but probe him further. 
“Chess played a part. However, there was another reason. Not only did he fail to defeat me each time, but I also helped him solve a problem that stumped him.” 
“I see…” 
Joan understood it slightly now. Her father placed a lot of importance on chance. There were barely any who could defeat him in chess, while Larry was the only one who could triumph over him in every single round. 
Joan pouted. “I can’t help but feel like I just got given away by my dad…”
Thinking that her father agreed to the marriage just because he lost at chess, Joan could not help but wonder if she was his actual child. 
Although she felt gloomy, Larry was in a great mood. Now that both of their parents agreed to their relationship, it was easier to proceed with everything else. 
For the following days, Larry immediately returned home to discuss with his parents about the engagement after settling his work. It was obvious how much importance he placed on this engagement. 
Finally, they decided to hold it on the 25th that month. 
They did not want to make it a grand event, so they merely planned to invite a few relatives and friends that were close to the Norton and Watts families. 
However, news that the president of Norton Corporation was getting engaged soon spread like wildfire. 
On the morning of the 25th, a large crowd of journalists waited outside the Norton family, desiring to get more information. 
Unfortunately, they were barred from entering the house. After the engagement ceremony ended and the guests left, they headed back dejectedly. 
During the engagement ceremony, Larry and Joan’s parents met each other for the first time. They got close rather quickly. As Mr. Watts and Finnick liked playing chess, they became good friends while Mrs. Watts and Vivian took a liking to each other too. 
In front of their parents, friends, and relatives, Larry and Joan exchanged their engagement rings.
###Chapter 1504
Chapter 1504 
Without any overly complex procedures, the engagement ceremony ended successfully with everyone’s well-wishes. 
For the party afterward, Larry and Joan toasted their friends arm-in-arm. Enveloped in a heartwarming and lively atmosphere, they started to enjoy the sumptuous meal. 
Throughout the party, a sweet smile was constantly hung on Joan’s lips. From then on, she was no longer Larry’s girlfriend, but his fiancée. 
She gazed at Larry lovingly, thinking that she could look at him like that for the rest of eternity. 
Larry, as long as I can be with you, all suffering and hardships are worth it. 
Joan smiled brightly as she thought about it. 
The engagement party ended very quickly. After sending their guests away, tranquility returned to the Norton Residence. 
As Finnick and Vivian kept insisting that they stay over, Joan’s parents did not return to Zaprington and stayed at the Norton Residence instead. 
Mr. Watts and Finnick, who had become quick friends, went to play chess in the study while Mrs. Watts and Vivian went shopping at the mall. 
Only Larry and Joan were left in the spacious living room. 
“Are you happy?” 
Larry hugged Joan gently, his voice filled with affection.
“Yeah.” 
Joan leaned against Larry’s chest. “Today’s the happiest day in my life.” 
“Since it’s such a memorable day, shouldn’t we do something meaningful?” asked Larry with a mischievous tone. 
When Joan saw his naughty smirk, she understood what he was hinting at and snapped, “Why is your mind always filled with these nasty thoughts?” 
“What are you thinking about? I just want to bring you out to have fun.” Larry burst out laughing. 
“You…” 
Joan blushed. You’re bullying me again! 
“Alright, jokes aside, let’s go Dear.” 
Larry held Joan’s hand and walked out. 
He initially planned to drive Joan around, but she said that she wanted to take a stroll. 
When he heard that, he kept his car keys, and both of them walked on the bustling streets hand-in- hand. 
The Norton family lived in a prime location at the city center. The streets were congested with cars and crowds. 
Hence, Larry brought Joan to the Times Plaza, which he thought was quieter. 
However, he forgot that the plaza had already been filled by other middle-aged women.
Looking at the women dancing on the plaza, Larry was stunned. 
On the other hand, Joan was not bothered at all. She thought that watching them dance was an enjoyment. 
As she watched the women’s dance moves, Joan felt eager to join in as well. Tempted, she suggested to Larry, “Larry, let’s dance too.” 
No way! 
Larry was so shocked that he felt his legs turn weak. Why do I have to dance with a bunch of middle- aged ladies? Isn’t it embarrassing for a guy like me to do it? 
“No, I don’t want to!” Larry shook his head vigorously. 
“A big, hunky man like me dancing there? No way in hell!” 
Not to mention I’m such a rich, powerful and talented man! So how can I just start dancing in public? Larry lamented in his heart silently. 
“It doesn’t matter if you’re a guy or not. Look, there are so many youngsters there,” Joan continued persuading him. 
He turned around and scrutinized the crowd. It was true that there were a few young people inside, with some guys engrossed in the dance. 
“Doesn’t matter, I still won’t go.” Larry refused again. 
“Joan, if you want to dance, I’ll accompany you to the dance machine at the arcade, okay?” he suggested quickly upon thinking of this better idea.
“Fine, since you don’t like this, let’s not go.” 
Joan’s initial grin disappeared as a dejected look crossed her face. 
Looking at Joan, Larry felt his heart ache. He planned to bring her out to have fun, but he ended up disappointing her instead. 
After a slight hesitation, he said through gritted teeth, “Joan, since you’re so interested to try, I’ll dance with you.” 
Thinking that it was so dark, Larry reckoned that no one would be able to recognize them. Even if someone did, no one would believe that the president of Norton Corporation would dance at a place like this.
###Chapter 1505
Chapter 1505 
Larry calmed down as he consoled himself. 
“Really? You’re the best, Dear!” 
Joan was so elated that she jumped up and kissed Larry’s cheek. All traces of sadness were gone by now. 
When Larry saw her cunning gaze, he knew that she had tricked him, knowing that he would definitely agree. 
“I can’t believe I fell for your trap…” 
Larry sighed silently and let Joan drag him to the center of the plaza. 
As everyone else danced to the rhythm of the music, Joan’s body swayed gently as well. 
“You should dance too.” 
“I won’t!” 
“Come on, dear.” 
“I refuse!” 
Knowing that he had probably mustered up all his courage to accompany her here, she did not force him further. Instead, she started imitating the dance moves of the ladies around her. 
Joan was smiling, looking like a beautiful angel. She wore a high-collared white sweater, which accentuated her long and beautiful neck. The skinny jeans revealed her perfect figure, while a sweet
smile was spread across her pretty face. Larry fell into a daze as he stared at her. 
As long as I could make her happy, I couldn’t be bothered about other things. 
Watching Joan, who was learning the dance moves attentively, he smiled. 
Even a man with such high standards like Larry fell into a daze watching Joan. So it was safe to say that the other young people at the plaza were staring at her too, attracted by her beauty. 
However, when they spotted Larry standing beside her, they sighed silently. 
Since she already had a boyfriend, they knew that they stood no chance. 
Although most decided to give up, some foolishly courageous youths came to ask her out. 
“Hello, beautiful. May I ask what your name is?” a young and shy youth walked forward and asked. 
“I’m sorry, but I already have a boyfriend.” 
It was obvious that Joan wanted to ignore him. She simply pointed at Larry, so the young man would get the hint and leave. 
“Well, we have the dom to love. I have the right to pursue you too,” insisted the youth stubbornly. 
Then, he looked at Larry. “I want a fair competition with you.” 
Larry shrugged and smiled. 
A cold glint appeared in his eyes, but he immediately concealed it. 
He’s just an ignorant child, so there’s no need for me to be too riled up over him. 
“How old are you?”
Joan found it amusing. He’s probably not an adult yet, right? 
“I’m nineteen already, so I’m an adult,” replied the youth. 
He even added smugly, “Besides, I already own my own Audi A6 car. Your boyfriend probably doesn’t have a car yet, right?” 
He threw a proud glance at Larry, wanting to make him feel guilty. 
“Let’s go, Larry.” 
Joan could not be bothered to talk to the youth anymore. After dancing for so long, she was also a little tired. 
“Sure, let’s go.” 
With that, he draped an arm over Joan’s shoulders and was about to leave, ignoring the youth. 
“I will never give up!” the youth yelled loudly, feeling slightly humiliated. 
Although this small incident happened, none of them was bothered by it. As he was just a child, it was unnecessary for them to stoop to his level. 
“Harrold, help me investigate this beautiful lady and the man’s background,” instructed the youth. 
He was furious as this was the first-ever setback he faced. 
“Why don’t you just forget it? It’s obvious that he’s no ordinary man. Furthermore, they’re a couple. What else can you do about it?” replied the old man who was standing beside the youth exasperatedly.
He knew that his boss was not evil by nature, but the young man had a tendency of doing nasty things like this. 
“I don’t care. I like that woman. Investigate them for me quickly!” The youth was reluctant to give up. 
“There’s no need for that. You can’t touch that woman, nor can you provoke that man.” 
At that moment, a cold voice sounded.
###Chapter 1506
Chapter 1506 
Both men, young and old, were taken aback. 
“Who are you?” the young man yelled, feeling embarrassed 
Ignoring the young man, the man spoke to the elderly directly, “You’d better watch this kid so that he doesn’t offend people who are out of your league.” 
After that, the man disappeared into the crowd. 
Seeing as the man showed him no mercy at all, the young man was prompted to go after him and argue further but was immediately held back by the elderly. “Let’s just go home, Sir.” 
The old man didn’t disregard the message conveyed by the man. Instead, he started giving careful thought to the identity of the couple they just saw. 
After racking his brains for a long while, an image of a man became increasingly vivid in the old man’s mind, and his features started matching that of the man he just saw. At that moment, he was overcome by astonishment with his mouth agape. 
That was the president of Norton Corporation, Larry Norton! 
As a shiver crept down his spine, the old man quickly yanked the young man and walked away. 
It’s time to really discipline this kid. If he spouts out anything inappropriate again, the entire family might be done for! 
It turned out that the man who just warned them was none other than the leader of Larry’s bodyguards, Caspian.
As Larry’s personal bodyguard, Caspian always kept him safe by following him around closely. 
Especially since Larry and Joan were taking a stroll that day, he was even more meticulous and kept a close watch on their surroundings at all times, which was how he noticed what happened just then. 
“That kid must be mad.” 
Caspian felt that the young man was not in his right mind. Otherwise, why would he try to steal someone else’s girlfriend? 
Fortunately, Mr. Norton was in high spirits and didn’t mind what he had done, or else that kid would have been dead meat. 
After resolving the hiccup, Caspian continued to follow Larry and Joan from a distance, protecting them dutifully. 
Larry and Joan wandered around for a long time, and eventually, they went home when Joan got a little tired. 
While Larry and Joan were leading their humdrum yet romantic life, Gabriella, on the other hand, was having a rather difficult time. 
Not only was she infuriated by the news about the engagement between Larry and Joan which spread like wildfire a while ago, but Ward Group also seemed to have faced some issues as well. 
Their business faced oppression from a large number of companies and enterprises, and Gabriella’s father, Landon, was so bogged down with the company’s affairs that his attitude toward her changed for the worse. He even lashed out at her that day. 
Gabriella was greatly aggrieved. Why is Dad venting his anger on me?
Little did she know that the difficulties the Wards were facing at the moment were brought about by her. 
Back then, to relieve his daughter’s frustrations, Landon canceled a huge collaboration with Norton Corporation on impulse. The negative impact resulting from his decision started emerging slowly after some time. 
First of all, the Wards incurred a huge loss from the termination of the collaboration, and he thought he would be able to find another collaboration partner soon. After all, there used to be many enterprises competing to work with the Wards on that project, but Norton Corporation came up with much better terms, which prompted Landon to choose them as the group’s collaboration partner. 
Nevertheless, when he tried to find other companies to work with, he found that there was no company willing to work with Ward Group anymore. 
Currently, Ward Group was overloaded with an enormous amount of products without any wholesaling or retailing channels to sell them. 
Landon was extremely distressed, but he couldn’t really figure out what went wrong. 
Other shareholders of the company began to pressure him as the decision to withdraw the collaboration with Norton Corporation was made by Landon. If the problem could not be resolved, they would jointly decide to remove Landon from the chairman position of Ward Group. 
Landon was particularly remorseful about his previous impulsive decision, and he happened to bump into Gabriella that day. Hence, he flat-out jumped at Gabriella when he saw her. 
For that reason, Gabriella was still brooding on the sofa right then. 
Out of the blue, her phone chimed, and Gabriella took a gander at it just to find that it was a notification from the group chat with her high school classmates.
It was the day of their annual gathering. In the past, Gabriella had never been present at the gathering as she felt that such occasions were too lowly for someone with a superior status like her. Therefore, she always turned them down with some made-up excuses. 
However, right then, she was in such a bad mood that she felt like she could use a little distraction and attend the gathering to soothe her nerves.
###Chapter 1507
Chapter 1507 
The gathering would be held in the afternoon at one of her high school classmates’ abode, which was not very far away from her home. Without much hesitation, Gabriella agreed to be present. 
In the afternoon, Gabriella arrived at the classmate’s house as promised. Just as she entered the house, everyone was captivated by her. 
Gabriella was in a low-cut mini dress whereby a large area of her porcelain skin was exposed, and her hourglass figure was accentuated. 
Even though the makeup on her face was heavy, she still looked very elegant and graceful. 
In her high heels, Gabriella strutted like a peacock and paced into the middle of the crowd. 
Even though she was having a hard time recently, Gabriella was still undoubtedly the most eye- catching person among her high school classmates. 
Elated, Gabriella enjoyed the instance when all eyes were fixated on her, and it distracted her from all the recent chaos in her life and helped her regain her self-confidence. 
Seeing as Gabriella was approaching, those who were engaged in casual chats, especially men, drew themselves closer to her simultaneously. There was a fervently expectant glint glowing in their eyes. 
“Gabriella, you’re here. You’re still as beautiful as before.” 
“You’ve grown so much prettier, Gabriella. You look so graceful.” 
“Have you found a boyfriend? The man who marries you in the future must be one lucky man!” 
All the flatteries from everyone around her put a contented smile on Gabriella’s face.
She was still the goddess in everyone’s eyes. Joan, you’re no match for me! 
Gabriella’s arrival certainly drove the gathering to its culmination. At that moment, she was surrounded by many of her male classmates. However, seeing that she was nonchalant to everyone, they gradually walked away. Only one man remained at Gabriella’s side, and he was Carl. 
The moment Gabriella walked into the house, Carl’s eyes lit up instantly. 
Even when they were still in high school, Gabriella had been his dream girl, and he had always wanted to pursue her. 
For one, Gabriella was indeed gorgeous and alluring. If he succeeded in courting her, he would be guaranteed a wonderful time with her. 
Secondly, the Wards were affluent and powerful. Furthermore, Gabriella was Landon’s only child. If he managed to get Gabriella, it would be as good as getting hold of Ward Group. 
Carl came from a rather mediocre family. Therefore, with a rags-to-riches opportunity in front of him, how could he ever let it slip past him? 
Unfortunately, even as he racked his brains to please Gabriella, his efforts were in vain, and Gabriella was totally uninterested in him. Hence, he had no choice but to give up in the end. 
Meeting Gabriella once again at the gathering, the dissipated desire within him flared up once more. Moreover, Carl had also received news of what happened to Gabriella of late. Knowing that she wasn’t exactly in the best shape, he felt that he was being gifted another chance. 
“It’s been a while, Gabriella. I missed you so much. There has never been a minute that I don’t think about you since high school. It’s so good to see you again!” Carl said to Gabriella in a very cringy manner, seemingly desperate to seize this golden opportunity to win her over.
“Carl, it’s been a long time. I appreciate that you still remember me, but just like before, I still have no feelings for you,” Gabriella replied coldly. 
You, of all people, are trying to be with me? You’re reaching way above your station. 
Gabriella kept that within herself, but the contemptuous look on her face said it all. 
“Gabriella, why can’t you just accept me? I’m the person who loves you the most.” Carl didn’t mind Gabriella’s attitude toward him and continued to pester her. 
“I told you before that I don’t like you, and I never ever will.” 
Gabriella was losing her patience. “Do you understand?” 
“How can you be so certain, Gabriella? Interests and feelings can be cultivated over time. You may not like me now, but maybe you will someday.” 
Carl chased after Gabriella, unwilling to give up just yet. 
“Gabriella, why don’t you just give me a chance? Perhaps you’ll see the good in me later. Gabriella, say something. Are you thirsty? Let me get you a drink, alright?”
###Chapter 1508
Chapter 1508 
Relentlessly, Carl continued his prattling. However, at that point, Gabriella was exceedingly irritated to the extent that she wasn’t even willing to say a word. 
“Enough, Carl!” 
Finally, Gabriella couldn’t take it anymore. Fumed, she bellowed, “Why don’t you take a look at yourself? Do you really think you’re good enough for me, huh? With such status and appearance of yours, things will never work out between us!” 
Disdain and scorn were written all over Gabriella’s face, and as she looked at Carl, her eyes were filled with derision and mockery. 
The penetrating glint in her eyes pierced directly through Carl’s heart. Cheap tart, I’ll make you beg for mercy between my legs one day! 
Despite his thought, Carl kept his composure and didn’t let it show via his expression. 
Gabriella’s brutal words didn’t stop him, nor did they make him retreat. Instead, his harassment became even more intense. 
“Gabriella, I don’t care how you perceive me. My love for you is genuine! I’ve heard about the troubles you encountered recently. I’d say that a man like Larry is really a blinded fool. How can he not cherish such a perfect woman like you? I’m sure he’ll regret it sooner or later!” Carl expressed himself eagerly. The way he gazed at Gabriella was notably keen and affectionate. 
In fact, Gabriella was deeply affected by the last sentence Carl uttered.
Larry is indeed blind, which is exactly why he fell for that wretch Joan. At some point in the future, he’ll definitely regret it and come begging for my forgiveness! 
At that thought, Gabriella stopped pulling a long face. Out of the blue, she even felt that Carl wasn’t that annoying anymore. 
The change in Gabriella’s expression was fully captured by Carl. In his mind, he was cursing Gabriella for indulging herself in her whims. Between his lips, however, sweet talks were spurted non-stop. 
“Gabriella, trust me. I’ll do anything for you, as long as you promise to be with me.” 
Carl’s voice was honeyed and filled with temptation. It sounded as though he would even be willing to pluck the stars for Gabriella if she agreed to his request. 
“Are you really willing to do anything for me? Anything at all?” 
Upon listening to what Carl said, an idea that targeted Larry and Joan occurred to Gabriella. 
Carl was in a daze as he didn’t expect to see a change in Gabriella’s attitude so soon. He thought that it would take some time for Gabriella to finally give him her word. Immediately, he exclaimed in joy, “Of course! As long as you’re willing to accept me, I’ll agree to whatever you ask me to do, even if it means going through fire and water!” 
“Well, if you can complete this successfully, I’ll consider accepting you.” 
Thoughts and ideas whirled in Gabriella’s mind, and a smile crept up on her face. 
“Go on, Gabriella. What is it?” 
Happiness came too suddenly, and Carl was still in a trance-like state.
If Gabriella does give me an opportunity, I will find ways to sleep with her and set it in stone so that she has no choice but to accept me in the end. 
Then, when the time comes, I’ll be able to get a piece of the pie of the Wards’ family business. 
Carl was getting even more excited and couldn’t wait to get started on Gabriella’s task for him. 
“Are you aware of the engagement between Larry and Joan? You should know that I hate Joan to the core now. Aren’t you a smooth talker? Since you can come up with all sorts of flatteries and sweet nothings, I want you to set Joan up and sleep with her. I don’t care how you do it, and it’s not necessary for you to really sleep with her as long as you can convince people of your romantic involvement with her and send me some intimate photos of you two together.” Gabriella wrapped it up and turned to Carl. 
“You’re asking me to hook up with Joan? But I’m afraid it’ll be difficult for me to get past Larry.” 
Even though Carl would do everything he could to capture Gabriella’s heart, that didn’t mean he was an idiot. The power Larry and Norton Corporation held wasn’t something he could contend with. 
“I won’t force you into doing it. The decision is entirely up to you, and my stance remains the same. If this is successfully done, I’ll consider being with you.” Gabriella’s tone was full of temptation. 
Using Carl as my cat’s paw to settle this matter and detaching myself from it at the same time, what a flawless plan I have. Gabriella couldn’t help boasting in silence.
###Chapter 1509
Chapter 1509 
Carl remained quiet as he tried to weigh the pros and cons of doing it. 
Even though Larry has a considerable influence in Marsingfill, if I were to pursue Joan as an admirer, he can’t really do anything to me, right? 
Carl rationalized it within himself and decided to give it a go. 
You can’t really get what you want without sacrifices. Besides, it’s not really possible to win Gabriella’s heart without taking any risks. In that case, I’d better agree to it promptly to leave a more favorable impression on Gabriella. 
“Alright, I’ll do it for you! Don’t worry, Gabriella. I’ll get it done perfectly, and I won’t disappoint you,” Carl assured her in a confident manner. 
“Well, it looks like I wasn’t wrong about you, Carl. I’m starting to take a liking to you,” In order to motivate Carl to work for her, Gabriella started showering him with compliments. 
“Of course, Gabriella. You’ll discover more of my strengths in the future,” Carl replied rather smugly as he looked at her. 
Just you wait. I’ll be able to do whatever I want with you once I get hold of you. 
If you get it done, Larry would never ever let you off the hook, and I’ll be able to myself from your harassment. This is simply killing two birds with one stone. 
In that instant, the two of them, both with a secret agenda on their minds, laughed aloud in unison. 
“Gabriella, come on. The gathering is going to start soon. Let’s go over there.”
Carl took the opportunity to reach out and hold Gabriella’s hand. Let’s see what other excuse you can come up with to reject me. If you’re not even willing to compromise to such a simple act, that would mean you have not even a single trace of sincerity. 
Carl was complacent as he thought about that. 
As Gabriella was about to fume when she felt her hand being grasped, she was reminded of her agreement with Carl. Turning against him now isn’t sensible. 
Suppressing the overwhelming disgust within her, she let Carl hold her hand and lead her forward. 
When the gathering started, Carl sat next to Gabriella, making an impression that he was very close to her. That made all the other men present extremely envious of him. 
Throughout that period, Carl tried to take advantage of Gabriella by pretending to touch her unintentionally, but every time he did that, Gabriella was able to dodge him in time. 
Eventually, Gabriella made an excuse to discuss something personal with the other ladies and left directly, which upset Carl. 
Staring at Gabriella’s attractive figure, Carl couldn’t help licking his lips. You’ll become my plaything sooner or later. 
Suppressing his desire, Carl started deliberating about how he should approach Joan and fulfill Gabriella’s request. 
One day, Joan was ready to go home after work. All this time, Larry had always wanted to pick her up from work. 
Nevertheless, Joan insisted on going home on her own in a cab. Since she was only an ordinary member of the company staff, she refused to receive any privileged treatment which would distance
herself from her colleagues. 
After some consideration, Larry thought that she was right. Besides, the company where Joan worked wasn’t very far away from the villa. It was a journey of at most ten minutes. Hence, Larry allowed her to travel home in a cab. 
Taking her bag, Joan was ready to leave as it was getting late, and she was afraid that Larry would worry about her. Therefore, she rushed outside the company, and just as she was about to take a turn at the entrance, she bumped into someone. 
“Ouch!” 
The forceful collision sent Joan falling on her hip. Covering her forehead, Joan was in a daze for quite a long while. 
“Miss, are you alright?” 
The other person was also hit hard. But as a man, he reacted more quickly than Joan. Stepping forward in a polite manner, he was ready to help Joan up. 
“It’s fine. I’ll get up on my own,” Joan rejected his offer as she came back to her senses. 
Larry had been reminding Joan to avoid contact with strangers, and she always kept that in mind. 
The man was a little bashful as he smiled apologetically. “I’m really sorry. I was in a hurry to discuss something with your company, so I didn’t really notice you. It was my fault.” 
“It’s okay.” 
Apparently, he didn’t do it on purpose, so Joan didn’t really mind. “Oh, it’s past working hours now. Why don’t you come again to our company tomorrow?”
###Chapter 1510
Chapter 1510 
Joan kindly reminded him. 
Most people had already left for the day, save for the security guard stationed at his post. There was virtually no one to discuss business with him. 
“Is that so? I didn’t know that.” 
Evidently, he did not expect everyone to have knocked off. Chuckling, he replied, “I’ll just have to visit again tomorrow. Thanks for your reminder.” 
“No problem,” Joan politely responded. 
The man was elegant and well-mannered, so even though Joan was not interested in him, he managed to leave a good impression on her. 
After she finished her sentence, she walked out to hail a cab. 
Without hesitation, the man followed after her. 
“Miss, you must be a really hard worker, given that you’ve just ended your day,” the man casually flirted with her. 
“It’s nothing. I’m used to it.” 
Joan had no intentions of interacting with him any longer, and her response was merely out of courtesy. 
“It’s getting late. How about I send you home? See it as my compensation to you for taking up your time,” the man offered to drive her home.
“There’s no need for that. I live nearby, and my boyfriend’s waiting for me to have dinner.” 
She could tell that he had ulterior motives for inviting her to take his car, so she decided it was better to use Larry’s name and directly reject his advances. 
“Alright then. Be careful on your way back. I’ll be on my way.” 
The man flashed a grin and bade her farewell without any resistance. 
Joan was pleased that he did not pester her any further and returned his smile. “You too.” 
With that, Joan flagged a cab and gently nodded at him before boarding the car. 
His gaze lingered on her cab for a brief moment before he sneered. “Hmm, I guess she’s pretty smart. But hey, I’m not gonna let you off so easily. You’re bound to fall into my trap!” 
The sophistication he exuded previously had vanished into thin air. Instead, his expression transformed into a lecherous one. The man was none other than Carl. 
As someone who was no stranger to elite education, it was no feat for Carl to feign a gentleman. 
However, Joan didn’t manage to get a good look at him, which was why she failed to notice his act. 
The purpose of his visit was to assess the fiancée of Norton Corporation’s president. He wanted to figure out her character, so he put up an act to get to know her. 
Everything, up to the timing of his appearance, was planned out meticulously. In order to fabricate a coincidental meeting, he made sure to catch Joan getting off work so that it could pave the way for his future plans. 
“Just you wait. The show has yet to begin…”
With a contemptuous smile on his face, Carl boarded his car and left. 
Soon after, Joan was home. 
“You’re back.” 
Larry, who was patiently waiting for Joan on the sofa, turned to beam at her. 
“Yeah.” 
Seeing that, Joan grinned from ear to ear. Her exhaustion after a long day was relieved by Larry’s presence instantly. 
“You must be dead beat. I’ve cooked up a feast. It’s your reward for working so hard.” 
Putting down the notebook in his hand, Larry rose to his feet. He then walked to Joan and gazed at her lovingly. 
“You can cook?” 
Joan was stunned, probing doubtfully, “Why haven’t I heard of this?” 
Larry mumbled affectionately, “I only learned to cook recently, and since I had time today, I decided to prepare a few dishes. That’ll help to reduce your burden too.” 
“It’s no bother at all.” 
Joan shook her head. “I think you have it worse than me. On a side note… is your food edible?” 
She eyed him with suspicion. Clad in a formal suit, Larry didn’t look the slightest bit like someone who could cook.
“Hold on a minute… Are you trying to make me your guinea pig? What if I die from food poisoning?” 
Larry’s eyes rolled at the sight of Joan pretending to be horrified. 
“Wait here. I’ll go heat the food up. Even if you are the guinea pig, you’re to savor them all.” With that, he proceeded to the kitchen. 
The sight of a clumsy Larry frantically running around the kitchen warmed Joan’s heart. She had never expected that the almighty president of Norton Corporation would enter the kitchen just to whip up a meal for her, and it was all because of his deep love for her.
###Chapter 1511
Chapter 1511 
Joan found herself unable to peel her eyes away from Larry, whose focused comportment made him even more dashing. 
The twinkling, bright eyes that adorned his chiseled visage complimented his arched nose and slightly pursed lips. At that moment, she felt like she would do anything and everything for that man. 
“Don’t just stand there. Come have a seat.” 
Larry barely gave her any time to daydream and called out to her. 
“Coming!” 
Having said that, she hurriedly washed her hands and walked to the dinner table. Then, she sized the dishes up. 
Upon her first glance at the table, she gulped nervously. 
Larry, who was ever so thoughtful, had prepared four different dishes and a soup for her. This should be… pumpkin soup, right? Yeah… I think so. Although its color looked odd, Joan was sure it was pumpkin soup. 
Hmm… I guess the plate of sauteed mushrooms looks rather appetizing. And this must be… mashed potatoes? The color looks a little funny though… Now, this is… mac and cheese with bacon bits? Or is that beef? 
Joan was unable to determine the ingredients of that dish. 
Wait! What the hell is this? Why is it all dark and burnt?
Joan briefly scanned the table and weighed her options. 
It seemed like the sauteed mushrooms were the only dish that was edible, while the others looked rather venomous. 
Nah… The worst thing that could happen is that the food tastes bad. I’m sure it’s not poisonous… 
“Quick. Try them. This is my first time cooking, so I hope you don’t mind.” 
Larry looked up at her in anticipation. 
With the sacrifices Larry had made for her, Joan found it difficult to reject him. 
She plucked up the courage and slowly reached out for the sauteed mushrooms. 
Gasp! 
Joan picked up a piece of mushroom and put it in her mouth. After the first bite, she sneezed. These mushrooms are nice, just way too salty… 
“How’s it? Good?” 
Larry questioned enthusiastically like a child. 
“Yep, it’s great. Just a tad salty.” 
Joan said with a smile as her eyes twinkled in amusement. 
“That’s great. I will improve the next round. Try this.” 
Larry pointed at the plate with a black mass. 
The dish looked all dark and sticky. Worried, Joan hesitantly put a small serving into her mouth.
“Mm? It tastes fine!” 
She originally thought she was doomed after ingesting the dish that looked inedible, but to her surprise, it turned out fine. 
“This egg tastes quite delicious,” Joan quickly praised Larry. 
“That’s not egg! That’s salmon.” 
Larry gave her a puzzled look. 
“Oh, I see… They’re quite similar anyway. Hehe.” 
She eked out an awkward smile and carried on scooping a tiny serving of mac and cheese. 
Upon putting it into her mouth, she realized that the bacon bits weren’t even fully cooked. 
She contemplated spitting it back out. However, she feared upsetting Larry. 
Larry was quick to notice that she paused after taking a bite. Confused, he fed himself a spoonful of the dish. 
“Ugh…” 
He barely took a bite before spitting it all out. Now, he finally understood why Joan had that odd expression. 
After that, he quickly tasted the other dishes, but they all tasted funny, to his dismay. 
“You should tell me if the food tastes bad! Why are you pretending like they’re scrumptious?” 
He felt a tinge of guilt and uttered, “I didn’t know I was so bad at cooking.”
“It was your first time! Don’t beat yourself up over it. When I first started cooking, I was nowhere near your standard.” 
Joan hurriedly tried to console him.
###Chapter 1512
Chapter 1512 
“I’ll dispose of them immediately and order takeout.” 
His face darkened when he said that, as though he was frustrated with himself. 
“Dear.” 
Joan rushed over and embraced him tightly. In a sweet voice, she muttered, “You already tried your best. Even though the seasoning in some dishes is a little off, the rest are alright.” 
“Really? But they taste so awful.” 
Even though he was still upset, his mood lightened slightly. “My cooking is hopeless.” 
“No! That’s not true.” 
Joan found it amusing that Larry was sulking like a child. “If you want to learn to cook, I can teach you. Come on, let’s head into the kitchen.” 
“Maybe next time. The thought of the kitchen irks me right now. I don’t want to set foot into it for the time being. Let’s just order takeout.” 
He was clearly still unhappy with himself. 
“You have to mend my broken heart,” he uttered, staring at Joan earnestly. 
“How am I supposed to do that?” 
A glint of amusement flashed in her eyes. 
“Using your body!”
Before Joan could register his words, he was already pouncing on her. 
“No! The delivery will arrive any time now. Let’s eat first.” 
Luckily, she was swift enough and avoided him. 
“Fine. We’ll have dinner first.” 
He reluctantly acquiesced to her demand. 
After dinner, Larry took the initiative to ask Joan to teach him cooking. 
The dishes he made today disappointed him greatly. Since young, he had always excelled in all that he did. 
Therefore, he felt the need to master the art of cooking too. He was determined to salvage his reputation in front of Joan. 
The pair made their way to the kitchen, where Joan patiently explained the use of all the seasonings and condiments, as well as the basic steps in cooking. 
With his exceptional learning ability, it only took Larry one night to get the gist. 
By the time they finished, the weariness was apparent on Joan’s face. Concerned about her wellbeing, Larry promptly brought her to bed to turn in for the night. 
The next day, Joan ran into Carl even before stepping into the office. 
“Hey! What a coincidence! We meet again.” 
Carl cordially greeted Joan upon seeing her.
“Yeah. Are you here for business purposes?” Joan courteously replied. 
It’s not coincidental at all! Carl scoffed inwardly. 
Before their encounters, he already knew her working hours. The fateful meetings were all staged so that he could gradually get closer to her. 
Despite his thoughts, he kept his expression neutral. 
With a smile, Carl quipped, “That’s right. I’m here to look for your boss. The office is now open, right?” 
“Not yet. But you can wait inside.” 
As an employee of the company, Joan was friendly to all potential clients. “Do you require my assistance?” 
“No need. I’m just waiting for a friend here. You can go ahead and carry on with your work.” Carl made it a point to be considerate. 
“Alright. I’ll go in first. See you.” 
With that, she turned and left. 
“See you! Hope we’ll get to meet again,” said Carl politely as she walked away. 
We’ll definitely see each other again. 
After ensuring she was inside the office, Carl waited a little longer before returning to his vehicle. 
In fact, all that was a ruse; an excuse he invented so that he could talk to Joan.
After he boarded the car, he made a phone call to someone and briefly gave a few instructions before he hung up and drove off. 
Time flew by, and it was already nightfall, which was time for Joan to end work.
###Chapter 1513
Chapter 1513 
To Joan’s surprise, she ran into Carl at the exact same spot as the previous day. 
“You’re off work, Joan.” 
Carl looked at her with a grin. 
“Yep. Just knocked off.” 
She felt that something was amiss but couldn’t quite place her finger on it. 
“How do you know my name?” she asked in astonishment. 
“Your boss mentioned your name during our discussion.” 
Carl pretended to be chummy with their boss. 
“I see.” 
With that, Joan didn’t dwell on the matter. After all, since she was a member of the staff, it wasn’t surprising that he knew her name. 
“What are you doing here? The office is closed.” 
Since they’ve met a couple of times, he wasn’t really considered a stranger. 
“I’m waiting for someone, and she’s here now,” Carl joked. 
Studying her surroundings, Joan took a while to realize that there was no one else there. “You were waiting for me?”
“Yes, I was.” He was grinning from ear to ear. 
“Why?” 
Hearing his words, she became even more perplexed. Her impression of the man was quite good, and he didn’t seem like a fickle person, so it didn’t cross her mind that he was trying to court her. 
“Well, your boss and I confirmed a deal earlier today. The actual details and the final contract are to be discussed further. Your boss asked me to look for you to talk things through, so I waited till you got off work. I was thinking of treating you to a meal so that we can talk about the contract.” 
At that moment, she sensed that something was amiss, but she couldn’t tell what it was. 
“But why didn’t my boss tell me?” Joan questioned. 
“Perhaps he was too busy and forgot all about it.” 
Carl deliberately tried to sound casual as he added, “Ms. Joan, do you have time now? I would like to discuss the contract with you. If it’s not convenient, I can come back tomorrow.” 
Carl was obviously good with words. 
Since he seemed as though he was only interested in the deal, Joan lowered her defenses. 
After a short pause, she consented to his request, “Let’s talk about it now. But we will skip the meal, yeah? I’m going home to have dinner with my boyfriend. We can find a place to sit down and discuss.” 
Carl eagerly agreed to her suggestion. 
Before setting off, Joan sent a text message to Larry: Hey dear, I’m with a client right now. I may reach home a little later than usual, but I’ll be back for dinner. Love you.
Then, she turned to Carl and said, “Let’s go. There’s a café right beside the office. We can discuss there.” 
“Sure, let’s go.” 
Thus, the two headed toward the café. 
However, Joan failed to notice a mysterious shadow creeping past behind them immediately after they started walking. The shadow lurked in the dark for a while, observing their movements before following them. 
“What would you like to drink?” 
Carl’s tone was nothing but gentlemanly. 
“I’ll have an earl grey latte. Just to make it clear, the drinks are on me, okay?” Joan chuckled. 
“No, that won’t do. I’m the guy here, so I have to pay the bill. No questions about that.” Carl smiled. 
“No! You’re our client. I have to foot the bill. Besides, I’ll be sure to get the company to reimburse me.” 
Joan made it clear that she was here on business terms. 
Seeing that she was persistent, Carl stopped insisting. 
Both of them then took their seats. 
“By the way, we’re about to sign off on a deal, and I don’t even know your name yet.” 
Joan was quick to jump straight into work. After all, Larry was still waiting for her at home, so she had no time to waste.
###Chapter 1514
Chapter 1514 
“I’m Cory Jefferson.” 
Carl did not tell her his true name. After all, he was not actually planning to collaborate with Joan. Moreover, it would do him no good to reveal his identity since he was scheming against her. 
“Hello, Mr. Jefferson. Let’s get straight to business then,” Joan said solemnly. 
“Ms. Joan, there’s no need for us to rush, right? What’s the point of life if we don’t enjoy it? So why don’t we try to know each other first?” Carl suggested. 
A topic too solemn was not going to help him with his plan, so Carl was trying to liven up the atmosphere. 
Joan was baffled, sensing something odd about Carl’s words. 
Even if I want to enjoy life, I won’t be doing it with a stranger like you. Moreover, why should I share my private life with you? 
Despite her displeasure, Joan maintained the polite smile on her face. 
“Mr. Jefferson, I don’t think we’re that familiar with each other. It’ll be inappropriate for us to talk about personal matters, so let’s discuss the contract instead,” Joan rejected respectfully, hoping to change the topic. 
“Let’s be honest, Ms. Watts. I’m very interested in you, but since you have a boyfriend, I know I don’t stand a chance. I just want to find out who’s the lucky guy who has such an amazing girlfriend like you,” Carl said with intentional nonchalance.
“How about this? Let’s make a deal. I’ll show you my girlfriend’s photo, and you’ll let me see who your boyfriend is.” As Carl spoke, he stood up and showed her his phone. 
Perplexed by Carl’s series of actions, Joan rejected again, “That won’t be necessary, Mr. Jefferson. I’m not interested in your personal matters. If we’re not going to talk about work, I won’t be able to stay around anymore. I’ll be heading home then.” 
With that said, Joan began rising to her feet, not wanting to waste any more of her time with Carl. If there really was anything important for them to discuss, they could just do it the next day. 
“All right, all right. Ms. Joan, since you don’t like to talk about personal matters, let’s not.” 
Almost immediately, Carl pressed down on Joan’s shoulders to make her sit again. Then, he headed back to his seat and began talking about “work.” 
Meanwhile, someone had taken photos of Carl showing her his phone and holding onto her shoulders, and that person was the man stalking them earlier on. 
Once the mysterious man had gotten what he wanted, he grinned in satisfaction before leaving. 
He had to proceed with the rest of Carl’s plan. With that, a malicious scheme targeting Joan began to unfold. 
In the meantime, Joan had no idea someone had taken a sneak shot of her; she was still somberly discussing business with Carl. 
However, Carl did not actually have a business deal with Joan’s boss, so he could not raise any substantial points during their discussion. 
His words only made her confused, and she could not comprehend what he was trying to convey.
“Mr. Jefferson, you don’t seem well-informed about our company,” Joan pointed out honestly. 
“That’s true.” Carl chuckled. Of course I don’t know anything. 
Fortunately, he had figured out what services Joan’s company provided before he came, so he did not end up exposing himself. 
“I’ve only briefly talked about the contract with your boss back then, so I don’t really know the details. I’m really sorry,” Carl muttered apologetically. 
“That’s understandable,” Joan replied. 
Despite her words, she still sensed something strange about the man opposite her. However, she did not dwell on it. 
“I guess that’s that for now, Mr. Jefferson,” Joan said. “Do consider how you’d want the design and what style you would like. Then, please send the details to me, and I’ll draft up something for you. How about that?”
###Chapter 1515
Chapter 1515 
With that, he would be able to mull over it, and she would not have to waste her time. In other words, it was a decision that would benefit them both. 
“Okay. I’ll come back after I figure things out. I’m really sorry. I never thought it’d be as complicated as this. I sincerely apologize for wasting your time, Ms. Joan,” Carl agreed immediately. 
In fact, he had been stumped by how he should keep up with his lies, so upon hearing Joan’s suggestion, he quickly grabbed hold of the opportunity to avoid exposing himself. 
“It’s okay, you’re our client, and this is my job,” Joan replied. “So we’ll stop here today, Mr. Jefferson. I have other things to attend to, so I’ll be taking my leave.” 
“Sure, Ms. Joan. I’ll be leaving too. Would you like me to send you back?” Carl joked. 
“Thank you, but it’s best that I take a cab,” Joan rejected instantly with an apologetic smile. 
“It’s fine. Let’s walk out together. I’ll help you hail a cab.” 
Carl then gestured for her to step out of the café first. 
“All right. Thank you.” 
As the two stood by the side of the road, they chatted away. 
Slowly, Joan became anxious. It seemed that there were barely any cabs around that day, and the ones that drove past them already had passengers on board. 
“Be careful!” Carl yelled as he pulled Joan aside.
Right then, a car sped past where Joan had been standing a second ago. 
Although Joan had fallen onto the ground from Carl’s pull, she was safe. 
On the other hand, Carl was not as fortunate as she was. Although the car had not collided with him, it still clipped him and sent him flying a few yards away from where he stood earlier. 
Joan was still sitting on the ground, frightened by what just happened. If she had been knocked over by the car, the consequences would have been unimaginable. 
Then, Joan came to her senses. How is Cory? 
With that thought in mind, she scrambled to her feet and hurried toward Carl. 
“Mr. Jefferson, how are you? Are you okay?” 
She panicked when she saw him sprawling on the ground with agony written all over his face. He wouldn’t have ended up like this if not for saving me. 
It took Carl a while before he could squeeze out, “I’m fine. Don’t worry, Ms. Joan. The car only clipped me. I’m alright.” He then gave her a reassuring smile, albeit it looked forced. 
“Mr. Jefferson, let me take you to the hospital for a checkup.” Carl’s words made her racing heart calm down a little, but she was still worried about his condition. 
Right then, the driver that nearly knocked Carl over rushed out of his car. 
Looking at the two of them, he apologized, “Are the both of you fine? I’m really sorry. I was taking a call earlier, so I didn’t have a good grip on my steering wheel. I’m really sorry.”
“I’m alright, but I can’t say the same about him. Since you’re responsible for all this, you should take us to the hospital to have him checked up.” 
Although Joan did not blame the driver for the accident, some things had to be said, nonetheless. 
“Ms. Joan, I’m fine. You don’t need to come with me. I’ll just go to the hospital with this guy,” Carl uttered. 
“Are you sure?” 
Joan still felt uneasy. After all, Carl was injured because of her, so there was no way she could let him go to the hospital alone. 
“I’ll come with you,” she insisted. 
“You should go home instead. Don’t worry. He will bring me to the hospital. It’s best not to let your boyfriend worry about you. If there are any problems, I’ll inform you,” Carl suggested. 
“Okay then.” 
Since Carl insisted, Joan had no choice but to give in. 
“Mr. Jefferson, please give me your number. That way, it’ll be easier for me to contact you.”
###Chapter 1516
Chapter 1516 
After the two exchanged numbers, Carl got into the driver’s car with his help. He then waved at Joan before the car sped off. 
Watching the distant car, Joan was still worried. As she hailed a cab, she planned to tell Larry about the incident once she reached home. 
Meanwhile, Carl dropped the act the moment the car sped off. He stretched and crowed, “She’s definitely fooled. I’m sure she’ll visit me in the hospital soon.” 
Then, he turned to look at the driver. “Your driving skills aren’t that great, are they? You nearly clipped me earlier and frightened the living daylights out of me.” 
The driver sneered. “If I don’t make it look more realistic, Joan won’t believe you. Honestly, your acting was superb. I thought I actually hit you.” 
“Ha! It’s just like what you’ve said earlier. If I didn’t make it look more genuine, how would Joan fall for the trick? Let’s go to the hospital. We’ll take a photo of Joan visiting me in the hospital before we proceed to the next step of the plan.” 
The two then laughed in unison. 
Everything that happened earlier had merely been part of Carl’s plan. 
He was worried about Joan’s indifference toward him. 
That was why he came up with this plan and found someone to work with him in faking the accident earlier. The man pretended to lose control of his vehicle, almost crashing into Joan. Carl then swooped in to save her in the nick of time and feigned his injury.
Although it was not as dramatic as movies, Carl had still saved Joan. Because of that, Joan would definitely have a better impression of him. 
With that, things would be smooth-sailing for them from then on. 
When Joan reached home, she plopped herself onto the couch and begin mulling over what happened earlier. 
“You’re back. How’s work?” Larry was focused on his own work, so he barely noticed what Joan was doing. 
Similarly distracted, Joan was lost in her thoughts and did not hear Larry’s words. 
When he realized her lack of response, he raised his head to notice her strange behavior. 
“What’s wrong, Joan? Did something happen?” Larry asked. 
Her miserable look was making him upset as well. 
It was then that she came back to her senses. Worriedly, she mumbled, “Something happened earlier when I was negotiating with a client. A car nearly crashed into me, and my client saved me. However, the car grazed him. Now, the driver is sending him to the hospital, and I don’t know how he is doing.” 
“Really?” 
Larry’s heart skipped a beat when he heard her. Thank god nothing happened to Joan. Otherwise, I don’t know what I would do. 
“Is your client badly injured? Was he able to stand up? Was there blood on the ground?” Larry calmly asked.
“He lay on the ground for a while, then I helped him up. There wasn’t any blood on the ground, and he could walk by himself. I think he should be fine,” Joan responded as she recalled the scene. 
“That’s good to hear. It means he wasn’t hurt terribly. He should be fine after getting checked by a doctor,” Larry consoled. 
“Yes. I’ve asked for his contact details. I’ll call him later to check on him.” 
Joan sighed. “How am I going to repay the favor? He was hurt because of me.” 
“I’ll take you to visit him after the result of his checkup is out.” 
With his hands on her shoulders, he queried, “By the way, what’s his name?” 
“Cory Jefferson. He came to the office to wait for me to get off work and talk about a contract. He’s really a gentleman.” 
As he was now her savior, Joan could not help but shower “Cory” with praises
###Chapter 1517
Chapter 1517 
Even though her praises were subtle, Larry still felt uncomfortable hearing Joan compliment another man. Regardless, he knew it was not the time to get jealous, so he did not dwell on it. However, he repeated Cory’s name in his mind. 
After a while, Joan said to Larry, “I should call Mr. Jefferson now, shouldn’t I?” 
Larry nodded as he felt that the man’s checkup must be completed by now. “Yes. Call him.” 
“Okay.” Joan then called the number Carl gave her. 
“Hello, Ms. Joan,” came Carl’s voice from the other end of the line. 
“Mr. Jefferson, how was your checkup? Are you okay?” Joan asked nervously. 
“I’m fine. Don’t worry, Ms. Joan. However, the doctor said that I have a minor fracture, so I’ll have to stay in the hospital for a few days,” Carl said with an intentionally light-hearted chuckle. 
“I’m glad that you’re fine.” 
Joan was relieved upon hearing his words. “Mr. Jefferson, I’ll be visiting you in a bit. Which hospital are you in?” 
Joan found the need to visit him since he was in a hospital now. After all, she was the reason he was injured, and it was only polite of her to do so. 
“It’s okay, Ms. Joan. I’ve only suffered minor injuries. I won’t trouble you anymore. However, we won’t be able to discuss the contract for the time being.” 
On the other end of the line, Carl grinned slyly while speaking in a polite tone.
Although Carl was completely unscathed, he decided to stay in the hospital for a while longer. This way, he would be able to gain Joan’s sympathy, and the two would become closer. Moreover, he could avoid spinning tales just for the supposed contract. 
In his mind, Carl praised himself for his intellect. 
“That won’t do. You were hurt because of me, so it’s only right that I come to visit you,” Joan insisted. 
“I’m really fine. Honestly, you don’t need to visit me. I know you’re busy. Besides, we’ll be able to meet once I’ve recovered.” 
The cunning man made it seem like they were actually close and that Joan wanted to meet him because she was truly cared about him and not only because he saved her. 
“No. Just tell me which hospital you’re in. I’m going to visit you now,” Joan hastily declined. 
“All right, then.” 
Carl sighed. “I’ve texted you the address. I’m sorry for troubling you.” 
“Okay. It’s only right for me to do this. Well then, Mr. Jefferson, I’ll end the call first,” Joan responded before ending the call. 
The moment she ended her call, Larry inquired, ”How was it?” 
“Mr. Jefferson said he has a minor fracture and has to stay in the hospital for a few days.” 
Raising her head, Joan then continued, “Dear, let’s visit him at the hospital. Otherwise, I’d be guilt- ridden.”
Although she had promised Carl that she would visit, she still had to get Larry’s permission to do so. Nevertheless, she knew Larry would agree to it. 
As expected, he smiled and patted her head. “Silly girl, of course we have to visit him. Why would I say no? Let’s go right away.” 
Since both of them were not hungry, they decided to eat at a nearby restaurant after the hospital visit. Once they were ready, they headed to the hospital. 
After asking the receptionist in the hospital for “Cory Jefferson,” Joan went straight to his ward. 
Meanwhile, Larry headed in another direction. As “Cory” got injured from saving Joan, he had to pay for the man’s medical fees. Thus, he went to the payment counter instead.
###Chapter 1518
Chapter 1518 
“Hello, could you please check the total fees for Mr. Cory Jefferson’s stay? He was admitted today,” Larry asked. 
Seeing the handsome man who was in a suit, the young nurse behind the counter said enthusiastically, “Please give me a moment, sir. I’ll calculate it right away.” 
“Thank you.” 
He then gave her a polite smile. 
“No worries.” 
The young nurse was dumbstruck by his dashing smile. For a moment, she thought she was in paradise. 
“Mister, sorry for the wait. Mr. Cory Jefferson will be admitted for four days. He has paid the deposit, so here is the remainder,” the nurse muttered in a sweet voice as she stared at Larry with lovestruck eyes. 
“It’s strangely little,” Larry mumbled after pausing briefly. 
“Could you please check it again?” he asked, worried that the nurse might have made a mistake. 
“There’s no need to. The amount is definitely correct. Mr. Cory Jefferson has only done the paperwork to be admitted into the hospital. He doesn’t need to pay for any medical fees,” the nurse explained. 
Why? Larry was even more puzzled after hearing her words. 
Is Cory a VIP of the hospital? Why does he not need to pay for his medical fees?
Seeing the confounded look on Larry’s face, the nurse added, “Mr. Jefferson is so strange. He’s completely fine without any illnesses or injuries, but he insisted on getting hospitalized. I have no idea what’s with that guy.” 
“Did you say that he has no injuries?” 
Larry was taken aback, unsure about Cory’s intentions. “But he said he has minor fractures.” 
When the nurse saw the handsome man’s puzzled expression, she felt the need to clarify the matter. “Dr. Schmidt was just grumbling about it. Here, this is Mr. Jefferson’s bill. There aren’t any medical fees listed in it.” 
The moment Larry saw the bill, he realized that both Joan and he had been fooled. He’s obviously targeting Joan. But why? 
Larry did not know what that man was trying to do, so he had to keep his guard up. 
“Thank you,” Larry said to the nurse with a friendly smile. 
If not for her, Larry would have been kept in the dark. 
With that said, Larry walked away, leaving the lovestruck nurse who had a silly smile on her face. 
Without delay, Larry headed to the ward “Cory” was in. When he saw the man lying on the bed and chatting with Joan, he quietly took a photo of “Cory” with his phone. 
Then, he sent it to Caspian. 
Larry texted: Caspian, check who this man is. The quicker, the better. 
Caspian: Got it.
Larry then kept his phone and knocked on the door. 
Knock, knock. 
After the polite announcement of his arrival, Larry stepped into the room. 
“Joan,” Larry called out before shifting his gaze to “Cory” and sizing him up. 
“Larry, you’re here.” 
Joan quickly made her way to his side when she saw him. She then introduced, “Mr. Jefferson, this is my boyfriend, Cory. We came together to visit you.” 
As she spoke, she hooked her arm around Larry’s. 
“Dear, this is Mr. Cory Jefferson. He’s my business partner as well as my savior,” Joan said jokingly. 
“Please, Ms. Watts, I’ve only lent a helping hand. I’m no savior.” 
Carl waved dismissively before turning to Larry. “I’ve heard great things about the renowned president of Norton Corporation. It’s an honor to meet you today.”
###Chapter 1519
Chapter 1519 
To be frank, the moment Carl saw Larry walked in, the former’s heart skipped a beat. 
Larry had such an overwhelming aura. It was as though his eyes could see through everyone’s mind. 
Thus, Carl felt himself like an open book in front of him. 
On the other hand, it might be because of Carl’s own guilty conscience that made him feared of having eye contact with Larry. After all, Carl was completely suppressed by Larry the moment they met. 
Even though Carl hated this kind of feeling, he could do nothing to defeat Larry’s charisma. He was fully aware that he was but a nobody compared to Larry’s high status in the business world. 
Carl clenched his fists tightly, thinking to make Gabriella his. Only then, he might be able to be at the same status as Larry. 
While Carl was thinking about all these, Larry had also been observing the former. 
Larry tried to remember Carl, but it did not ring a bell. In fact, he doubted they had even met before. 
However, Larry was great at reading people. His first impression about Carl was that he was the ambitious type that would do anything to achieve his target. 
Hence, even before they talked to each other, Larry had his defense mode on. 
Just then, Larry walked over to Carl and smiled at him. “Mr. Jefferson, I am impressed with your success at such a young age. Today I’ve come here to thank you for helping Joan. How is your wound recovering?”
“It’s fine. It is a just minor bone fracture. Thank you for your concern, Mr. Norton and Ms. Watts,” Carl replied with a polite smile. 
“By the way, where are you working now, Mr. Jefferson?” Larry was trying to gain more information about Carl’s plan by naturally asking some questions about him. 
“Right now, I am managing a small company, which is nothing compared to Norton Corporation.” 
Carl was fast to sense Larry’s motive, so, of course, he would not be revealing his true information so easily. 
“You have injured yourself for Joan’s sake, and I feel much obliged to thank you. Why don’t you tell me the name of your company so that we can take care of each other in the future?” 
Larry’s message was obvious, which was to help Carl with his company’s development. 
If it were years back, Carl would have revealed his company name eagerly, yet he was cautiously having second thoughts at that moment. 
Are you kidding me? Do you want me to tell you so that you can destroy it? Hah! I am not a fool. 
“As I said, it was just a coincidence that I helped Ms. Watts. I appreciate your goodwill, but I won’t want to receive any favor because of my deeds.” 
Again, Carl skillfully avoided Larry’s question, but at the same time, he presented himself as a noble gentleman. 
Upon hearing what Carl said, Joan grew a deeper affection towards him. 
Not only did Mr. Jefferson risked his life to rescue me, but he does not intend to take advantage of this heroic act. He even rejects Larry’s offer to help even though he knew of Larry’s status and power. It
isn’t easy to find a man with such a personality nowadays. 
“Mr. Jefferson, you should at least give us a chance to express our gratitude,” Joan said with a gentle smile on her face. Her smile was genuinely sincere, unlike the one from Larry. 
“Let’s have dinner some other day then.” Carl flashed back a smile towards her. 
“No problem! After you fully recover, I will bring you to a decent restaurant I know. It’s on me!” Joan’s grin grew wider. 
At that instant, Larry was gazing at both of them emotionlessly. If he did not know beforehand that “Cory’s” injury was a fake, he might have believed the latter’s flawless acting. 
However, at that moment, “Cory” was nothing more than a clown in Larry’s eyes. 
The two did not stay long in Carl’s ward. After a brief meaningless conversation, they were getting ready to leave. 
“Alright, we shouldn’t disturb you for too long. Please rest well. We will come to visit you again.” Joan smiled faintly. 
The hour was already late, and both of them had not eaten yet. Hence, it was time to leave.
###Chapter 1520
Chapter 1520 
“Okay. Thanks for stopping by.” Carl replied courteously. 
“Bye. See you again.” Joan waved at Carl while Larry just nodded slightly towards him before they stepped out of the ward. 
After making sure the both of them left, a man reentered Carl’s ward. It was none other than the driver responsible for the accident. 
“Why did Larry come too?” The driver asked sternly, apparently troubled by Larry’s visit. 
“Don’t worry. It doesn’t matter if he came. You’ve taken the photos, right?” Carl curled his lips into a cold smile. 
“Yes, I’ve taken plenty of them. All the places outside the company, including this ward and the coffee shop. Anyone who sees them would surely believe you two are having an affair.” The driver replied with confidence. 
“Great. No matter how powerful Larry is, I doubt he would be able to defeat these rumors and proofs.” 
Carl let out another boisterous laugh as he saw everything progressing according to his plan. Gabriella will be mine soon. 
His face was filled with satisfaction as he imagined the perfect future… 
After Larry and Joan left the hospital, they stopped by a random restaurant and ordered some food. 
“Joan, how did you meet Mr. Jefferson?” Larry asked directly as he needed to know as much as he could about this man.
However, he did not tell Joan of “Cory’s” fake injury. He figured she would find out sooner or later when the time was right. 
His other concern was Joan’s straightforward temper. If she were to find out, there was no guarantee that she would act rationally. All Larry’s strategy would be messed up if she did anything rash. 
Seeing that Larry showed massive interest in her and “Cory’s” relationship, Joan began telling him all the details he wanted to know without suspecting anything. 
The more Larry heard about Joan’s story, the more he confirmed this was a play set up by “Cory.” He believed the latter’s intention was no other than to gain Joan’s heart. 
As for why “Cory” needed to gain Joan’s heart, Larry was still uncertain. However, he was not worried as he felt that “Cory’s” purpose would be exposed in no time. 
On the other hand, there was a high chance that the car accident was also planned by “Cory.” 
Although feeling resentful, Larry had to admit “Cory’s” acting was indeed a masterpiece of work. The fact that Joan did not even have the slightest suspicion for him was the best proof. 
“Joan, don’t you feel that ‘Cory’ has an intention?” 
Nevertheless, Larry felt to need to give a little warning to Joan, just in case something would happen in the near future. 
Joan was stunned momentarily by Larry’s words. As she knew better than anyone that Larry was not the kind that gave abrupt assumption, she began to think cautiously. 
Indeed, recalling all the encounters she had with “Cory,” it would be hard to believe they were all coincidences. But the latter had admitted that besides business purposes, he did have a thing for her,
and he wanted to know who her boyfriend was. 
“Cory” did not even try to create excuses to come near her, but he honestly expressed his feelings. It was what made Joan’s guard down against him. 
And the most important thing was that “Cory” actually risked his life for her. Regardless of what intention he might have, Joan found it hard to ignore the fact that he was willing to sacrifice for her. 
Joan wanted to tell Larry about all these, but at that moment, she could not care less about what Larry thought. 
Meanwhile, Larry was also aware that his words might not have much influence on Joan’s mind. Thus, he did not further discuss the matter, as he did not want to look like he was jealous. 
He figured as long as Joan was careful, nothing serious would happen. 
Meanwhile, Caspian’s efficiency was indeed unbeatable. In a just short time, Larry received a call from the former. 
“Hello.” Larry picked up the phone. 
“Boss, I have done investigating the whole thing. Cory is a fake name; his real name is Carl. He is from a rich family in Marsingfill. He was once a gangster back in high school. Even now, he does not have a real job. So he is nothing more than a wastrel depending on his parents’ wealth.” Caspian gave a brief report on Carl.
###Chapter 1521
Chapter 1521 
Carl? Cory? Larry snickered when he heard “Cory” was indeed a fake name, just as he expected. And now, all he needed to know was the reason he disguised his real identity. 
“Go on,” Larry instructed Caspian as he knew the latter was waiting for him to digest that information. 
“Not long ago, Carl attended a high school reunion gathering, where he coincidentally met an old friend. She was Gabriella, whom you are familiar with.” 
Gabriella? Now, what does she have anything to do with this? 
Everything seemed to be more complicated than Larry thought. Nonetheless, he kept his silence and waited for Caspian to continue. 
“It turns out Gabriella and Carl were schoolmates. Carl had a crush on her and had tried numerous ways to pursue her but failed in the end. And since he encountered her during the reunion, Carl started talking to her again. At first, Gabriella showed rejection, but surprisingly after a while, they started acting intimate like close friends. That’s all for my discovery so far. I will continue to investigate.” 
Indeed, Norton Corporation had a boundless power within the territory of Marsingfill. Hence, they would be able to get their hands on any kind of information they wanted. 
So Carl and Gabriella, huh… It is not surprising that Carl made a move on Gabriella, but Gabriella’s change of attitude towards the former seems rather peculiar. I think there is something she wants from him, or they have already come to some sort of deal. Judging from Carl’s approach toward Joan by using his fake name, I can say that Joan is a vital part of their deal. In other words, all these are either about Joan or Carl himself. Obviously, Carl changed his name to prevent us from finding out the truth after he carries out his plan.
Based on the information given by Caspian, Larry was able to predict most of the situation. Needless to say, he also had a terrifying level of intelligence. 
Technically, Carl’s plan had no flaw, and it was designed perfectly. The only mistake was that Carl underestimated both Norton Corporation’s power and Larry’s intelligence. 
These two elements alone could cause him a deadly price. 
However, even though Larry got hold of the truth, he decided not to take any action. 
As for the current state, the best move seemed to be doing nothing at all. 
After all, Larry had yet to figure out the deal between Carl and Gabriella. As a matter of fact, he was curious to see what wave this two could create. 
“Spy closely on Gabriella and Carl. Inform me the second you discover anything suspicious, and remember not to expose yourself. They plan to play dirty with me, but they don’t realize that I’m way out of their league.” Larry instructed Caspian while his eyes flashed in confidence. 
“Yes, Boss,” Caspian responded steadfastly. 
After hanging up the phone, Larry stared outside the window for a long moment before he headed back into the bedroom to Joan’s side. 
“What is it?” Noticing Larry’s furrowed brows, Joan could not hold back her concern. 
“It’s nothing.” Larry sat down beside Joan with a smile on his face. “Caspian had just called me about something. I am afraid that from now on, our life won’t be as peaceful.” 
“What happened?”
Anxiousness started to fill Joan’s heart. Perhaps it was due to the multiple tragedies she had experienced in the past; she would be easily nervous whenever something unexpected was to occur. 
“It’s fine. Don’t worry.” Larry immediately comforted Joan, as he could feel her stiffened body in his embrace. “Nothing will happen. Even if something happens, I will always be by your side.” 
Staring at Larry’s determined gaze, Joan felt instant relief in her heart. She no longer cared about the whole truth as she knew Larry would never let anything harm her. That was the only truth that mattered to her at the moment.
###Chapter 1522
Chapter 1522 
Larry was waiting patiently for Gabriella and Carl to reveal their move. Meanwhile, Carl had no idea that his true identity was exposed and that Larry was closely monitoring all his moves. 
In blind, Carl was in a rather joyous mood, as the plan he had been so diligently sowing finally seemed to reap. 
With this in mind, he made a call to Gabriella. 
Meanwhile, Gabriella was feeling frustrated. She finally understood why her own father lost his temper on her that day. 
It was because of all the lies she planted inside Landon’s head, which triggered Landon to cancel the deal with Norton Corporation. This had caused an irreparable blow for the Ward family’s business. 
Later, Landon found out that Norton Corporation was the reason why no one wanted to deal with the Wards. 
After finding it out, Landon furiously called Finnick and questioned him harshly. But Finnick only replied with a simple yet insulting answer – you reap what you sow. 
First on the list was the incident where Gabriella deliberately defamed Larry and his fiancée, Joan. Besides that, the Wards broke the contract, which resulted in a great loss for Norton Corporation. With all these, Norton Corporation was starting to counterattack. 
Finnick was sending a clear message, that Norton Corporation would not allow anyone to take advantage of them. If anyone were to play the game with them, they would be sure to return the same favor.
Landon was beyond exasperated, but he knew the Wards was no match at all to Norton Corporation, whether in personal connections or economic strength. If Norton Corporation decided to destroy the Wards, he would not stand a chance to survive. 
Thus, Landon regretted his rash action out of his stupidity. If he had known of the outcome, he would not have easily believed his daughter’s fabrication. 
The entire empire he had poured his sweat and blood for was nearly brought down by some random lies from his daughter. At the thought of this, Landon could no longer suppress his wrath. He stormed into Gabriella’s room and slapped her. 
“You insolent fool, look at what the Ward family has become because of you!” 
Landon had fallen out with Gabriella as he roared furiously at her. 
Meanwhile, Gabriella stared fearfully at her father’s exasperated eyes while her body was trembling incessantly. He had never laid a hand on her before. At that moment, she knew she had crossed the line. 
Gabriella buried her face in her hands as she dared not to say a word in front of Landon. She knew she was the one held responsible for this mess. As much as she blamed herself, she resented Larry and Joan. 
Right then, she no longer hoped to marry Larry. Her last hope was to destroy Larry and Joan with everything she had left. It was all their fault that she was on this path. 
After Landon finished releasing his rage upon Gabriella, he stomped his way out from her room. 
He knew it was meaningless to scold Gabriella. Eventually, he would still need to solve this mess on his own.
After Landon left, Gabriella froze on the spot as the color drained from her face. 
It was all up to Carl at this stage. If Carl was able to pull it off, not only could she destroy Larry and Joan’s marriage, she might be able to create turmoil in Norton Corporation. 
If putting Norton Corporation into chaos could help the Wards, there would be a chance for her father to forgive her. 
Carl, please don’t let me down! 
Just then, her phone rang. The instant she saw Carl’s name on the screen, she quickly picked it up. 
“Hello, Carl.” There was a trace of hope in Gabriella’s voice as she felt that her anticipation was about to be fulfilled. 
“Gabriella, do you miss me?” Carl greeted with a lecherous tone. 
Gabriella was utterly revolted by his voice. Despite that, she had no choice but to humble herself as he was her only hope at the moment.
###Chapter 1523
Chapter 1523 
Gabriella tried hard to act coy. “Yes, I do miss you a lot. How’s everything at your end?” 
Her question simply could not hide her eagerness. 
“Well, I have completed most of them perfectly. The only thing left is to send those photos to the media to spread rumors.” Carl was complacent as he spoke. “As soon as the rumors spread, regardless of how powerful Larry might be, there will be no way he could possibly wipe them clean.” 
Gabriella smiled coldly as she wanted far more than just some rumors. 
“Carl, besides sending the photos to the media, you should play the victim and keep disturbing Joan. Make the whole world believe that she abandoned you for Norton Corporation’s wealth. Don’t forget that Norton Corporation used their power to threaten you not to find Larry and Joan. You should avenge this and bring them into the eye of the storm.” 
Carl hesitated upon hearing the proposal. “Won’t it be too over? Spreading rumors is fine as no one will know who does it. But if I go after them directly, ain’t I putting myself under the spotlight?” 
Initially, he used a fake identity to prevent Norton Corporation from seeking revenge, but Gabriella wanted him to take on Norton Corporation directly. That sounded more and more like a blunt suicidal move. 
“This is not what we agreed on in the first place. If I do this, surely Norton Corporation will come after me in all possible ways. Heck, I may not even see them coming!” 
Unexpectedly, Carl rejected her.
Even so, Gabriella did not give up persuading. “Carl, there is no turning back for us now. Don’t you think so? Besides, if u act as a victim, I doubt the Norton family would dare to do anything to you. And after we accomplish this, I will tell my father about us right away. Then we will be able to get married.” 
Gabriella bit her lips as she played her ace card. 
As expected, Carl did not pay much attention to what she said, except for that last sentence, making his eyes beamed with excitement. 
If I could marry Gabriella after all this is over, the power of the Wards will be in my possession by then. My victimized image will be my advantage in this incident, plus the protection from the Wards. I’m sure Norton Corporation won’t be able to harm me in any way. 
Eventually, Carl could not reject Gabriella’s offer, or one could say the temptation of power and lust. He accepted her proposal with a willing heart right that instant. 
“Alright, I will do as you said. But I hope you keep your promise, as I have recorded our conversation. If you trick me, I will send the recording to Larry. If I am to go down, I will make sure not to go down alone.” Carl let out an unexpected threat. 
Son of a b*tch! 
Gabriella cursed silently in her heart. 
She was too naive to believe that she could escape all the responsibilities and leave Carl to face Norton Corporation’s wrath alone. Never did she think that Carl would outsmart her like this. 
Nevertheless, she responded willingly. “What are you talking about? Since I have agreed to marry you, I will never take my words back. Don’t worry. As soon as we finish this, we will set a date for our marriage, and you will be one of the Wards.”
Gabriella’s heart was boiling with rage, yet she could not show a trace of it. 
Right now, I can only improvise; one step at a time. 
Meanwhile, Carl hung the phone, secretly elated with his brilliant move. 
By doing so, Gabriella was now in the same boat with him. If anything happened to him, she could not get away with it either. 
At that, Carl finally could move on his plan without any worry. 
His first step was to make a call to the biggest media in Marsingfill. 
“Hello, I have a piece of important news to tell you. There is no need to know who I am. I am merely a concerned citizen. I will send the photos and information to you in a while. That’s it.”
###Chapter 1524
Chapter 1524 
He ended the call as soon as he finished speaking. 
Without wasting any time, he sent over all the photos taken of him and Joan, together with a document contenting pure fabrications about their relationship. 
Needless to say, the media would publish any news that could get good ratings for them, regardless of the truth. The following morning, an article about the fiancée of the Norton Corporation’s president having an affair with a mysterious man became a headline. 
The content went like this: Joan, the fiancée of the Norton Corporation’s president, used business reasons as an excuse to go on a date with a mysterious guy during office hours. According to a source, the mysterious man’s name was Cory, while his occupation remains unknown. 
At the bottom of these lines, a few intimate photos of Joan and Cory were attached. 
These photos were secretly taken at the coffee shop where Carl deliberately acted friendly with Joan. Some others were taken when Joan visited Carl at the hospital when they were chatting and laughing. 
In just a few days’ time, another headline became the hottest topic in Marsingfill. 
While last time it was about Larry and Joan, this time it was about Joan as well. 
Since Larry had announced his engagement with Joan in front of all the reporters, Joan had become a well-known figure in Marsingfill. 
The moment the news published her affair with another man, it inevitably caused an uproar among the community.
Soon, Joan became the hot topic, together with the mysterious man, Cory. 
While most of the community was more interested in how Larry would react to this news, many wondered if he would call off the engagement due to this public embarrassment. 
In a blink of an eye, the entire city was gossiping about this incident. 
Some “caring” gossipers in Marsingfill even started on a mission to search for the mysterious man. They tried all kinds of methods to get hold of his location, but all were in vain. 
At the same time, all the media were hoping this “Cory” would step up to provide a solid explanation regarding this affair. 
In the meantime, Carl also sensed that it was about time to reveal his true identity to the world. 
Once again, he called the media anonymously and told them that “Cory” was only a fake name, whereas Carl was the real name. 
As soon as Carl’s identity was exposed, bunches of journalists found his address, and all gathered there in an approach for another headline. 
At that moment, Carl had already returned home from the hospital. He had been waiting for the journalists with a well-prepared script in his mind. 
Noticing numerous journalists waiting outside his house, he unhesitatingly opened his door and started responding to their questions. 
“Mr. Johnson, why did you call yourself ‘Cory?’ And are you the one who reveals the affair to the press?”
“I have no choice but to use a fake name because I am afraid that the Norton Corporation will surely retaliate. And I find it preposterous even to assume that I was the one who revealed this. I love Joan very much, so why would I put her into such a situation? My hope is for her to have a happy and peaceful life.” His gaze seemed extraordinarily sincere as he said this. 
Just seconds into the interview, Carl had revealed yet another shocking detail. He knew well how to manipulate the media’s mind. Thus, all the journalists were exhilarated, and they continued to shoot him questions one after another. 
“Mr. Johnson, why did you say that you are afraid of their retaliation? What is the reason that the Norton Corporation wants to do so?” 
Carl was satisfied with that question from one of the journalists. This was exactly where he hoped to direct the media, as his purpose was to destroy the Norton Corporation. 
“Mr. Johnson, based on your response, we can sense that you are deeply in love with Ms. Watts. But she is already the fiancée of the Norton Corporation’s president, don’t you think it is inappropriate for you to talk like this?”
###Chapter 1525
Chapter 1525 
The journalists raised some pointed questions, but Carl had come prepared. As long as he played the victim card while announcing the “truth,” everything else would develop naturally. 
“Before Joan and Larry, the president of Norton Corporation, got engaged, I was her one true love! “It’s all Larry’s fault! He was the one who forced us to break up. He also threatened me that if I come looking for Joan again, he’ll go to any lengths to cause devastation to my family and myself! 
“My family is of little significance. How could we possibly compete with the powerful Norton Corporation? So, reluctantly, I vowed never to see Joan again. “So much time has passed, yet I still cannot forget her. Left without a choice, I created a fake identity to meet Joan. That way, I don’t have to worry about retaliation from the Norton Corporation. I just didn’t expect my cover to be blown.” 
Carl put up a miserable front as he spoke. The journalists at the scene were instantly hooked and began to buy his lie. 
“Mr. Johnson, so what you’re saying is, you and Ms. Watts have been madly in love with each other all this time, but it was Mr. Norton, the president of Norton Corporation, who destroyed your relationship?” 
The journalists continued to ask. They could hardly believe that Larry was the third party in that relationship. 
“No, Joan doesn’t love me anymore. She has made her choice. Larry is indeed a much more suitable partner for her compared to me. But I just can’t forget about her, so I came to see her.” 
And with that, tears welled up in his eyes. 
To their relief, Larry was not who they imagined him to be—a person who would come between other people’s relationships. It was certainly unrealistic to think that the dignified president of Norton
Corporation would turn out to be such a despicable person. If that were true, the journalists might have second thoughts about broadcasting the interview. 
“Mr. Johnson, if what you’re saying is true, then we certainly sympathize with what you’ve been through. But please know that Ms. Watts has a fiancé now. So it’s not right of you to keep pestering Ms. Watts like this.” 
One of the journalists was sharp enough to point out. 
“I know what I’m doing isn’t right, but I just have to see her and our child.” 
Carl, with his head lowered, admitted with a twinge of sorrow. 
“What? Is Joan pregnant with your child?” 
Carl practically dropped a bombshell on them all, igniting their agitation at once. 
“Mr. Johnson, I sure hope everything you say is based on the truth and facts. Otherwise, you could go to jail for committing slander.” 
Another journalist reminded him out of courtesy, hoping that he was not deceiving them. 
“Why would I lie about that? Joan is indeed pregnant with our child. Although she has made a different choice, the child is undoubtedly mine. I can’t bear to leave them!” 
Somehow, Carl had gotten wind of the news that Joan was pregnant, so he used that to his advantage, claiming the unborn child as his to stir the pot. Naturally, his story left the journalists in utter shock. 
The news they got today was simply too huge to ignore, and they needed time to sort it out.
The journalists raised a few more trivial questions before deciding to call it a day. After all, the information they had collected so far was more than enough to cause an uproar. 
Sure enough, after the journalists announced the news to the public, the whole city of Marsingfill was shocked to the core! 
First of all, they could not tolerate the fact that Norton Corporation abused its power to threaten Carl. 
Carl’s role was apparently much closer to the average person, and he represented the masses. Hence, the fact that Norton Corporation threatened Carl was really getting on their nerves. 
Secondly, Carl and Joan used to be a couple, and Joan was now pregnant with his child! 
Carl might not have admitted that Larry single-handedly destroyed his and Joan’s relationship, but considering that Larry had threatened him not to see Joan, it was not far-fetched to say that he was not above breaking up a couple who were in love. 
Perhaps the president of Norton Corporation was a homewrecker through and through, but he held such a powerful position that he could cover up all his nasty deeds. 
A repeated rumor would eventually become a fact.
###Chapter 1526
Chapter 1526 
When rumors spread like wildfire by word of mouth, those rumors would soon be recognized as the truth. 
In the eyes of the masses, Norton Corporation at present was an evil force that would use its own power to harm the interests of the public in order to get what they want. 
Larry had also become an unscrupulous homewrecker, as labeled by the public, who forcibly trampled on other people’s feelings! 
And just like that, Joan, Larry, and the entire Norton Corporation were suddenly in the eye of the storm. 
Not long after, the news traveled to Joan’s ears. When she heard about it, she was in utter disbelief. 
Cory is only a fake name! The man’s real name is actually Carl! 
For the longest time, Joan thought he was a nice person. He was gentlemanly and displayed impeccable manners, and when Larry reminded her to watch out for Carl, she failed to take heed. 
Right then, she realized that she had been too na?ve. Carl merely approached her just so that she would let her guard down around him and enable him to achieve certain goals. 
In a fit of rage, Joan called Carl on the phone. 
“Hey, Carl, is it? Why did you do this? When have I, Larry, and the entire Norton Corporation ever wronged you? What can you possibly gain from framing us?” 
Joan, on the verge of losing her mind, shouted angrily over the phone. 
“Oh, it’s you, Joan. I didn’t mean for anything like that to happen. It wasn’t my intention at all.”
Carl was still putting up a pretense. 
“What do you mean it wasn’t your intention? You defamed Larry and me in front of all those journalists. You even framed the whole Norton family. And now you’re telling me it’s not your fault?” 
Joan questioned him harshly. Never in her life had she met someone as brazen as him. 
“Why, I’m only telling the truth, Joan. Although you fancy Larry now, you can’t deny the fact that we were once lovers, not to mention you’re currently carrying my child. Have you forgotten what happened during that night of passion?” 
Carl intended to keep up the act, sticking to the story he had made up on his own. He wanted to see if he could drive Joan insane. Moreover, he was afraid that there might be other people on Joan’s end who were listening in on their conversation. So he had to be careful not to make mistakes just in case. 
“Shut up!” 
Joan panted heavily, infuriated by Carl’s shamelessness. 
“It will not end well for you! Sooner or later, you will get your retribution!” 
Joan had nothing more to say to him. She yelled her last sentences into the phone before she hung up in a rage. Then she sat down and held her head, groaning in misery. 
After they received news of the scandal that morning, Larry had hurried to the company to deal with the follow-up issues arising from the matter. Joan was the only one at home. 
At the moment, Larry was in the company cooking up countermeasures to deal with their predicament. Although he had expected that Carl and Gabriella would take some sort of action, he did not think that
they would be so well-prepared. They even managed to weaponize public opinion to work in their favor, painting Joan, himself, and Norton Corporation as the enemies this time around. 
Larry found himself in a sticky situation, but he was still able to stay grounded. When faced with such a situation, the solution was actually quite simple. As long as he could somehow get the dirt on Gabriella and Carl, all the rumors would eventually bury themselves. 
The official team of Norton Corporation was dealing with the aftermath of the incident, hoping to minimize the negative publicity as much as they could. 
Conversely, Larry returned home nonchalantly. Since there was nothing he could do at present with Norton Corporation’s official team sorting things out behind the scenes, all he had to do was sit back and wait for updates, from Caspian in particular. 
In his opinion, the most important thing right then was to go home and accompany Joan. 
He wondered if the ordeal would cause her imagination to run wild again. 
Back at home, Joan was quietly wiping her tears away. 
Seeing that, Larry quickly approached Joan and took her into his arms. He whispered to her, “There, there, Joan. What’s gotten you so upset?” 
“Larry, I really don’t know Carl at all. He made everything up. Please, tell me you don’t believe him!”
###Chapter 1527
Chapter 1527 
Joan gazed at Larry with teary eyes, fully expecting to see the look of affirmation on his face. 
“Of course, silly girl. Why wouldn’t I believe you? Do you remember me telling you before that I think there’s something fishy about Carl? I’ve sent a team to investigate him again. Don’t worry. We’ll get to the bottom of this in no time.” 
Larry stroked Joan’s long hair affectionately as he assured her in a gentle tone. 
“I… I thought you wouldn’t believe me. I thought you wouldn’t want me anymore!” 
Joan had indeed freaked out when she thought that Larry might choose to leave her because of public pressure. After all, people would believe what they wanted to believe, and any further explanation would be futile. 
“Silly girl, even if the sky falls, I won’t give up on you,” Larry declared firmly. 
“Then what do we do now? It’s all my fault. If only I had realized Carl’s wretched intentions from the start, we wouldn’t be in this mess. You wouldn’t become the talk of the town, and Norton Corporation would not be at the receiving end of public criticism.” 
As she thought about their current situation, Joan could not stop blaming herself. 
“Shh… don’t blame put the blame on yourself. This didn’t happen because of you. Even without this incident, those people out there would still find other ways to make us look bad. But don’t worry, I know a way around it,” Larry said as he watched Joan intently. 
“Yes, I believe you can fix everything!”
Joan was no longer in a panicked mode. Since starting a life with Larry, she had become accustomed to trusting him unconditionally. 
Leaning against his chest, Joan could feel the warmth of his body. That was where she could find a sense of security and peace; that was her safe haven. 
Feeling the gradually even breathing of the person in his arms, Larry had his mind made up. Gabriella, I won’t allow you to continue doing this. Since you aren’t afraid of anything, then I’ll let you have a taste of what it’s like to be framed. 
Caspian was really quick at gathering information, so Larry did not have to wait long before he received a call from his bodyguard. 
Larry did not answer the phone at the first ring. Instead, he carried Joan, who had fallen sound asleep, to bed and put her down gently. Then he exited the bedroom, found a relatively secluded area in the house, and picked up the phone. 
“Sir, we have some news.” 
Caspian got straight to the point once Larry answered the call. 
“Do tell. I’m listening.” 
“My men managed to find evidence of Gabriella and Carl working together in secret. This was all a setup. They were the ones behind everything. We’ve obtained the voice recordings of their phone conversations. I’ll send those to you soon.” 
Caspian has always spoken in a concise manner and preferred to keep his words simple. After he finished reporting, he paused and waited for Larry’s command. 
“Good job, Caspian,” Larry gave his compliments.
As Larry’s most trusted man, Caspian had yet to disappoint him. 
“That’s all. Send your men to keep a close eye on Gabriella and Carl. Notify me immediately when you sense any sort of activity,” Larry instructed Caspian. 
“Yes, sir.” 
Caspian hung up the phone when Larry had nothing more to say. 
After a while, a voice recording was sent to Larry’s phone. It was of Gabriella and Carl discussing ways to sabotage Larry and Norton Corporation. 
Carl had initially planned to keep the recording in case Gabriella went back on her promise to marry him. If that happened, he could use it as proof to threaten her. Somehow, Caspian managed to get his hands on the criminal evidence. 
Carl thought he had been smart to save a copy of the recording, not knowing that it would eventually help Larry to put an end to this farce effortlessly. 
With the evidence in his grasp, Larry was more than confident that he could resolve the problem, and he became much more composed. 
Now that the crisis was on its way to resolution, he might as well take the time to relax and observe what other tricks Carl and Gabriella, the two scheming clowns, had up their sleeves. 
He had even ordered Norton Corporation’s PR Department and the official team not to come forward to settle the company’s negative publicity. 
With that, the entire Norton Corporation waited like a dormant beast to deal the fatal blow.
News coming from Carl was still being reported. There was talk about Norton Corporation’s inaction, having succumbed to the unbearable pressure from the public, and rumors claimed that Joan had begun to regret choosing Larry over Carl and that she intended to reconcile with the latter. Other than that, there were reports saying that Norton Corporation was barely surviving and that the corporate champion could possibly go bankrupt soon
###Chapter 1528
Chapter 1528 
Carl spared no mercy in fabricating any sort of tall tales that he deemed capable of threatening Larry and Norton Corporation. 
For a time, Carl’s name resounded throughout Marsingfill. Everyone wanted to know whether this insignificant commoner could bring down the local legend, Norton Corporation, to its knees, causing the company to fall into disrepute or even bankruptcy. 
Carl found himself riding on the crest of success. Norton Corporation’s inaction made him believe that they dared not show their faces because they simply could not produce corresponding evidence. Therefore, his words became bolder in front of the journalists, his ego getting the better of him. 
He also called Gabriella numerous times, asking when she would marry him. 
Gabriella told him that they were currently at a crucial point in time and warned him not to keep calling her so as not to risk exposure. 
But Carl would not listen. He even swore that he would reveal everything to the press if Gabriella went back on her word. 
Left without a choice, Gabriella appeased him by saying that the Ward family was still recovering from the major blow dealt by the Norton family. It would take some time for the Wards to get back on their feet, but once they did, she would marry him immediately. 
Carl happily agreed. Now all I have to do is wait for Norton Corporation to declare bankruptcy due to overwhelming debts. 
At the same time, there was also a large number of journalists and media representatives who wanted to interview Larry and Joan, hoping that they could provide some reasonable explanation for their
current predicament. 
But they were disappointed as Larry and Joan rejected all forms of interviews. Even when rumors were flying everywhere, they chose to ignore the chaos. 
As the farce continued to fester and the rumors soared to new heights, Larry and Norton Corporation finally took action. He declared his willingness to accept interviews from the press. 
When the journalists got wind of his announcement, they flocked to Norton Corporation immediately. All of them wanted to witness how Norton Corporation intended to resolve the crisis. 
After he had attracted enough attention, Larry moved on to the next step. He signaled the journalists to quiet down, and then he played a recording. 
“Carl, now that we have come to this stage of our plan, do you think you can still turn back? You should know that everything you do is based on your claim as a victim. That’s why the Norton family dares not mess with you. When this whole issue is done and dusted, I’ll tell my father all about us, and then we’ll get married!” 
They heard a woman’s voice in the recording. 
The journalists scratched their heads when they heard that Larry was going to play a recording for them. You’re neither providing any explanation nor allowing us to interview you. Instead, you let us listen to a recording. What’s the meaning of this? 
However, after they listened carefully to the recording, they began to understand. 
What Larry wanted to convey to the press was that the entire commotion had been directed by Carl and the woman in the recording.
But what could be proven from a single tape? 
Soon, the journalists began to raise questions. 
“Mr. Norton, I don’t know what you’re trying to tell us by playing that tape. I don’t think we can get any substantive information from it.” 
“Let’s not rush things. This is merely the tip of the iceberg,” Larry assured them. 
“The woman in the recording is Gabriella. You all should know by now that, some time ago, Gabriella was the one who accused Joan of being my mistress and even pretended to be my fiancée.” 
Before the reporters could respond, Larry continued, “Gabriella has always held a grudge against me and Joan, my fiancée. That was why she directed this sham. “She colluded with Carl, who approached Joan on purpose and had someone take photos of the two of them that seemed intimate. She then framed Norton Corporation, accusing me of threatening Carl and sabotaging his relationship with Joan. 
“But in fact, Carl and Joan never knew each other. In fact, he was the one who arranged for someone to take candid photos of their initial meeting. “Besides, you can’t piece a whole story together just by looking at these photos, can you? Don’t simply buy into Carl’s one-sided statements.” 
“Mr. Norton, you’re telling us not to believe Carl’s side of the story. But how do you expect us to believe that you’re telling the truth? The evidence you have so far is merely a recording from an unknown source.” One of the journalists raised his suspicion.
###Chapter 1529
Chapter 1529 
Larry smiled faintly. “Of course, this may not even prove anything. So please, let’s not get ahead of ourselves. The real fun has yet to come. 
“I’m sure everyone remembers what Carl said at the interview last time. He mentioned that he only wanted to see Joan and that it wasn’t him who leaked the news to the media. So, let’s see what happens next, shall we?” 
Larry fished out another thumb drive as he spoke. 
After plugging the thumb drive into a laptop, he played a video that showed the news agency that first reported the case, and the person caught on screen entering said news agency was none other than Carl himself. 
Larry continued to speak at a steady pace, “I’m sure everyone can see clearly that the person caught red-handed right here is Carl. The question is, what’s his purpose for entering the news agency?” 
The journalists said nothing as all of them sank into deep thought. 
They were not idiots, and Carl’s purpose for sneaking into the news agency was self-evident—to provide a scoop. 
The date on the surveillance was as clear as day as well. The footage was taken on the day before that particular news agency rolled out the headline regarding Joan’s tryst with a mysterious man. 
It was glaringly obvious what Carl had provided the firm. 
No wonder Norton Corporation managed to stay calm amid their plight. They had solid evidence in their hands all along!
Larry took note of the expressions hanging on each of the journalists’ faces. He could tell that they were beginning to believe him. After that, Larry brought up another fact. 
“Let me tell you something else. Carl had mentioned before that he got hit by a car as a result of saving Joan, and he was subsequently taken to the hospital because of that. I’m sure you’ve all heard about that. 
“We’ve managed to find the driver who caused the accident. In a while, you’ll get to hear what really happened, straight from the horse’s mouth,” Larry stated confidently. 
The journalists were interested in finding out the truth, so they waited patiently. 
Soon, Caspian made his appearance and brought a man to stand before Larry. The man had a bruised face and a swollen nose. After delivering their witness, Caspian stood aside with his head bowed. 
“This is the driver I was talking about. Let’s hear what he has to say.” Larry stared at the man beside him. 
The man hesitated, obviously contemplating his next move. While Larry watched him without saying a word, Caspian was not as patient as his employer, snorting at the driver. 
The man shuddered involuntarily as he looked back at Caspian. As his fearful eyes met Caspian’s bloodthirsty ones, he swallowed hard and began to speak. 
“I swear, I’ve got nothing to do with this. Carl made me do it. He asked me to wait for him at the entrance of Joan’s company. Once he gave me the signal, I would start driving and pretend to hit her. Then he would take the opportunity to rescue Joan. That way, he would get on her good side. 
“He even feigned an injury and got himself admitted into the hospital. I swear, I didn’t even hit him. It was all an act.”
The man spilled everything, not daring to hide any details. 
“Then why did you help him?” a journalist questioned the man. 
“Because he promised me a sum of money as payment after I finish the deed. I thought it was all an act, that it was not a big deal, so I agreed,” the man replied. 
“Is there anything else you want to add?” Larry duly reminded the driver. 
“Yes, there is.” 
The man dared not go against Larry. If he offended the president, he would only land himself in more misery. 
“Carl also ordered me to take the photos, which he later submitted to the news agency. He wanted me to snap pictures that showed him being intimate with Joan so that he could claim that he and Joan go way back. But they were all fake!” 
Larry was quite satisfied with the man’s tact. He asked the man again, “So, what’s the relationship between Carl and Gabriella? I hope you can give a good answer if you want a lighter sentence.” 
The man was more than eager to oblige. “It was all Gabriella’s plan. She told Carl that once he’s successfully completed the task, she’ll marry him, and then he can inherit the Ward family fortune. That was why Carl arranged a series of elaborate plans, with little care for the repercussions he might get himself into for offending Norton Corporation. He wanted to take advantage of public pressure to bring down Norton Corporation.”
###Chapter 1530
Chapter 1530 
While the journalists listened intently, they were finally able to piece the whole story together. 
The truth of the incident had come to light. Norton Corporation and Joan turned out to be the victims of this entire scandal. To everyone’s surprise, the real culprits were Gabriella and Carl! 
When everything was over, the journalists left. Things had escalated rather quickly, so they had to hurry back to their respective agency and get the news out as soon as possible. The earlier their firm made the announcement, the more benefits they would gain. 
As soon as the news came out, Carl became the target of criticism from all walks of life. They despised his dirty practices of weaponizing other people’s sympathy to run the rumor mill and gain public support. 
Instantly, Carl became the of everyone’s ire. 
Similarly, Gabriella’s reputation was also ruined. This was the second time she was completely exposed under the limelight. 
The first time was when she accused someone else of being a homewrecker, lied about her marriage arrangement with Norton Corporation, and garnered lots of clout because of it. This time, she colluded with another man to keep the rumor mill spinning and even attempted to drag Norton Corporation through the mud. Hence, the public’s aversion to the schemer was far greater than that of Carl. 
All the while, Larry and Joan remained at home, watching the turn of events unfold before them like spectators enjoying a show. 
Truth to be told, Norton Corporation’s power certainly stretched far and wide. Not only had they effortlessly dug up the recorded conversation between Carl and Gabriella, managed to get their hands
on the footage of Carl entering the news agency, but they also found the driver responsible for assisting Carl in completing his atrocities. 
When Caspian got hold of the driver who caused the accident, the latter initially refused to admit that he was Carl’s accomplice. Without bothering to argue with him, Caspian straight up gave the man a good beating. He even resorted to using some special techniques he had picked up from the mafia. 
The driver, having had enough of the torture, eventually surrendered and told them everything. 
The whole ordeal was settled almost effortlessly. The farce came to an end just as strangely as it had begun. 
Larry had always been one who would not go looking for trouble but would fight back when provoked. It would have gone against his nature if he failed to retaliate after Gabriella and Carl had gone to such great lengths to plot against him and Norton Corporation. 
The Ward family was severely weakened after that episode. Moreover, Larry had made it clear that Gabriella and her family got what they deserved and had no one else to blame but themselves. 
Consequently, the Ward family lost a large number of business partners. It started with a few collaborators who had not been very close with them to begin with, and eventually, their long-time clients decided to stop doing business with the family. 
The main reason Ward Group was facing such a major setback was Landon’s blunders in decision- making. 
Hence, the major shareholders came together and requested Landon to resign as the chairman of Ward Group in order to make way for a much more capable candidate to take up the mantel and lead the company out of the troubling situation.
Landon told the shareholders to give him some more time. If Ward Group had not improved by then, he would voluntarily resign and stop interfering in the company’s business matters. 
Meanwhile, Carl’s clan was also facing a terrible disaster. Larry did not immediately utilize his influence to bring Carl down but merely oppressed his small company using Norton Corporation’s financial prowess. 
The Johnson family was far inferior to the Wards, and they suffered the consequences almost right away. Luckily for them, Larry only wanted to teach the Johnsons a lesson, not cut off their livelihood, which was why the Johnson family was saved from ruin. However, the heir to the Johnson family business had been stripped of his status. 
Carl’s father claimed that the man was too reckless to inherit the company. After the announcement, he completely ignored his son’s pleas for forgiveness. 
Carl called Gabriella again. Last time, the woman had agreed to marry him. 
After the call was connected, Carl quickly asked for assurance, “Gabriella, let’s set our wedding date. I have done everything that you asked me to do, all in accordance with your wishes.” 
When Gabriella realized that the caller was Carl, she flew into a murderous rage. “Carl, how could you still have the audacity to ask for my hand in marriage? Just look at what you’ve done! My family’s reputation is tarnished because of you!
###Chapter 1531
Chapter 1531 
“You should be grateful that my family doesn’t intend to get even with you, and yet, here you are still asking to marry me? Are you completely delusional? “Take a good look at yourself in the mirror! What makes you think you can marry me? You think way too highly of yourself!” 
After venting her frustrations on the man, Gabriella hung up the call immediately. 
Similarly, Carl gritted his teeth and smashed his phone to the ground. He had failed to secure his bride, lost his chance to inherit the Ward family’s fortune and rights, as well as his status as the heir to his own family business! 
Moreover, Gabriella’s hand in marriage had been his only hope. In an instant, Carl felt that he had no way out. 
Larry, this is all your fault! Since you’ve been so cruel to me, don’t blame me for returning the favor! 
A trace of hatred flashed in Carl’s eyes. 
He attributed his devastation and utter failure to Larry and Joan, believing that if it had not been for the pair, he would not have ended up in such a sorry state. 
But he seemed to have forgotten that he had brought everything upon himself, and he had no one else to blame. 
But there was no turning back for Carl anymore. He could either walk the path to self-destruction or destroy others. 
That night, Carl went drinking at a small bar. He was drowning his sorrows when a gang of thugs recognized him and went up to him.
“Carl, is it? I heard you were looking for us.” 
The one who was obviously the leader of the gang of thugs spoke first. 
Although Carl’s family was not very influential, they were still deemed noble. Moreover, Carl had always been generous to the thugs, so they often hung out together. 
However, it was uncertain whether the thugs would have the same opinion of Carl if they were to find out that Carl had been stripped of his status as the family heir. 
“Ugh, I’m not doing well recently. Come, drink with me.” 
Carl casually called out to them when they appeared before him. 
They had heard a thing or two about what the man had been through lately, but they were not very informed of the details. 
“It’s going to be okay, Carl. This messy situation will blow over soon. Come on, let’s drink our troubles away.” 
One of the thugs patted Carl on the shoulder. 
“That’s right, Carl. Don’t overthink it. Let’s drink,” echoed the other two. 
“Yes, of course. Let’s drink!” 
Carl said no more as he raised his glass. 
After several rounds of drinks, Carl pretended to strike a casual conversation. “You guys have been around these parts for a fairly long time, haven’t you? Do you know any desperadoes who could… I don’t know… pack a hefty punch?”
“Carl, I won’t say I’m well acquainted with them, but we do know quite a number of desperadoes around here by name. I’m telling you, each one of them has quite an impressive body count.” 
“Do you think you guys can get in contact with any of them? Anyone at all.” 
Carl asked for a favor as he eyed the gang. A hint of urgency flashed in his eyes 
“If it’s contacts you want, there’s one man I know who can definitely reach them. Why do you ask, Carl?” one of the thugs asked in confusion. 
“Nothing much. It’s just been on my radar. I’ve heard that these people are some of the most vicious ones around, and they live every day as though it’s their last.” Carl sighed wistfully. 
“Oh, no. See here, Carl. We cannot afford to provoke these people. We don’t mind you asking, but please just leave it at that. Don’t get involved with them,” the gangsters kindly reminded him. 
“Relax. I’m not that dumb.” Carl smirked. 
“Alright, let’s not talk about this. Let’s all drink till we drop, boys! It’s my treat tonight!” 
Several hours later. 
“Carl… My man, thank you for the drinks today. We’ll be leaving now. Next time we meet… our treat!” the leader exclaimed. 
“You guys take it slow, alright? See yourselves out.” 
Carl was feeling a little dizzy too, but he could still maintain a clear mind. 
The thugs staggered out of the bar, supporting one another’s weight as they wobbled, leaving Carl behind.
He had managed to fish out information and contact numbers of several desperadoes from the mouths of the thugs themselves while they were in their drunken state. 
Carl snickered and downed his final glass of wine before turning to leave. 
The following morning, Larry got up when it was bright and early. He turned to check on Joan who was snoozing next to him, kissed her lightly on her cheek, then rose from their bed and headed to the study.
###Chapter 1532
Chapter 1532 
The past few days had been emotionally tiring for Joan, so Larry felt that it might be good to take her out for some rest and relaxation to get her mind off things. 
While he was dealing with some work in the study, Joan crept into his workspace and approached him from behind. 
In fact, Larry had already detected the sounds of the intruder when Joan came into the room, but he pretended to be oblivious to it and played along. 
Just when Joan was inches away from him, he quickly turned around and grabbed her by the waist. 
Joan let out a soft cry before falling into Larry’s arms. 
“How did you know I was here?” Joan asked in discontent. 
“Dummy, I could smell your perfume.” 
Larry smirked as he buried his head in her hair. 
He was instantly filled with joy when he took in Joan’s pretty face as though he just could not get enough of it. 
“Joan,” Larry whispered her name. 
“What is it?” 
Joan was also enjoying the rare moment of bliss.
Larry had been taking care of recent events while she spent the past few days in anxiety, so they were both physically and mentally drained. 
“Let’s go somewhere for fun today. We haven’t really been anywhere as a couple yet.” 
Larry felt guilty when he realized that he was always swamped with work and rarely spent time with Joan or went on trips with her. 
“Do you mean it?” 
Joan lifted her head from Larry’s arms and exclaimed in joy. 
She had always wanted to spend time with Larry in the great outdoors, admiring what nature had in store. 
But since Larry was always busy, she could not bear to trouble him and ask him to take her sightseeing, so she never brought it up. 
Nevertheless, Joan had a strong desire to travel, especially with her loved one. 
She might have never mentioned it, but the idea had crossed her mind countless times. 
“Of course I do.” 
Seeing the look of surprise on her face, Larry could tell that Joan had waited a long time for this day. It made him feel even more guilty. 
Larry made a promise in his mind. I’ll definitely spend more time with you in the future. 
“That’s great! So, where are we going?” Joan squealed excitedly. 
“Wherever you want.”
Larry’s voice was filled with adoration for her. 
“Oh, how wonderful! We’re finally going on a trip!” 
Joan was brimming with childlike happiness. Just the thought of going on vacation with Larry and their child filled her with joy. 
Larry was pleased to know that Joan was genuinely excited at the idea of going on a trip. 
“Joan, we’ll get to travel more often from now on. You can do whatever you desire. As long as you’re happy, I’m willing to do anything.” 
Larry’s eyes were full of affection as he looked into hers. At that moment, he felt like he was seeing the entire world. 
Joan was instantly moved by Larry’s confession. Choosing to be with him was the best decision she had ever made. 
They did not have much planning or preparations. Larry simply handed over the company matters to someone he trusted before the two embarked on a journey at the drop of a hat. 
Sometimes, happiness was just that simple. 
Larry had to return to settle some important work-related affairs within a week, so they did not intend to go anywhere too far. 
They swiftly packed their luggage and boarded a tour bus. 
Other than a road trip, taking a tour bus was another great option to travel. 
Throughout the journey, Larry and Joan spent their time in the bus bantering happily.
This was the most relaxing time the couple had since they established the relationship. They could put aside all their worries for now, and their hearts only had room for each other. 
“Larry, look at the view over there!” 
“Larry, isn’t it gorgeous?” 
“Dear, take a photo of me, will you? Come one, let’s take one together!” 
“Dear, I want to eat that!” 
“Larry, you idiot! People are watching!” 
Joan was like a chirping bird, filling Larry’s entire world with joyful notes.
###Chapter 1533
Chapter 1533 
Alas, how time flies when one was having fun. Those few days passed in the blink of an eye, drawing Larry and Joan’s vacation to a gradual end. 
They were then in Horington, a city that was a near distance from Marsingfill. Also, it was the final stop of their vacation. 
“Ah, time truly flies! Larry, we’re going home tomorrow, but I’m really happy! In fact, I’m over the moon!” 
The two of them were ambling along the street in Horington, and a blissful smile bloomed on Joan’s face. 
“I’m glad you’re happy! In this case, we’ll go on vacations more often in the future. After some time, when there’s less work at the subsidiaries, we’ll go abroad and travel all the countries you love,” Larry promised with a smile. 
Joan had told him that she loved Pillere, mainly because of its romantic atmosphere, rich civilization and culture, local customs, and most importantly, the fact that lovers could be spotted everywhere on the streets. 
But when she went there, he wasn’t by her side. 
Now, you have me by your side. I’ll be with you forever! Larry mused joyfully as he gazed at her. 
“Sure! Let’s go to Pillere!” 
Without even thinking about it, she blurted out the place she wanted to visit most. 
She wanted to go to the most romantic place with the person she loved most.
“Okay, we’ll go to Pillere.” 
Larry nodded, for he didn’t mind going anywhere she liked. 
“Then, let’s also go to Norham, Beskary, Irushea…” 
Joan held up her fingers as she named every single place she liked, looking incredibly adorable as she pondered with her head tilted. 
“Oh yes, let’s also go to Lightspring! That’s a must! Do you remember why we’ve got to go there?” 
She then stared at Larry mischievously, seemingly having thought of something. 
“Of course, I do. We’re going there to visit Kobe.” 
Larry smiled as well, for that was a beautiful memory they shared. 
During college, Larry was the school campus beau whom thousands of females students idolized. It wasn’t only because of his handsome looks, but there was also another major reason— his outstanding basketball skills. 
Before he got acquainted with Joan, he streaked about the basketball court every day, competing with various skilled players on campus. 
He wasn’t the tallest in terms of height, nor was he the brawniest in terms of physique. However, one thing no one could deny about him was that his skills were the best among them all. 
His sharp breakthroughs, graceful shots, precise three-pointers, and swift dribbling always elicited cheers from the female fans on the sidelines. 
Even his opponents respected him a lot, for he posed a challenge to them regardless of whether he was on the defensive or offensive end.
Due to a myriad of reasons, his opponents then gave him a nickname, dubbing him “Little Kobe.” 
After all, not only did he possess a rich arsenal of offensive maneuvers, aggressive defense, and realistic fake moves, but also Kobe’s deadly mamba-like temperament. 
Of course, his idol was none other than Kobe. 
Back then, Joan was also one of Larry’s fans. 
She liked to go to the basketball court to watch him play, and unknowingly, it became a habit. 
She loved how he looked when he sweated, his elegant and cool movements, as well as his handsome looks. 
Slowly, he started inching his way into her heart, and she fell in love with him. 
When she realized that she had fallen in love with him, she felt rather uneasy since she wasn’t the kind of person who was good at expressing herself. Instead, she was already contented to just look at him silently. 
When someone had taken a fancy to someone else, the person in question would be seized by a fervent desire to know everything about the other person. 
Thus, she started paying attention to everything about him at all times—every single detail about his life, his personality, likes and dislikes, habits, idols, and even beliefs. All those were things she wanted to know about him. 
But even when she had gotten to know everything about him, she didn’t dare approach him because he was too outstanding, so much so that she felt inferior.
###Chapter 1534
Chapter 1534 
Although Joan was very beautiful, a bizarre sense of inferiority plagued her. 
She felt that she wasn’t worthy of Larry. Thus, she told herself that she would just love him from afar since he deserved better. That was her perception. 
Nonetheless, fortune smiled on her, for they still made each other’s acquaintance. What was more, it was on the basketball court familiar to them both. 
That day, as she was apt to do, she went to the basketball court to watch him play. She sat on the sidelines, a negligible distance from him, so they were only a few meters apart. 
Girls of that age were always filled with wonderful fantasies of love. To top it off, he was the perfect Prince Charming in her eyes. 
Thus, her mind wandered. If only he would look at me! Perhaps we can become friends, then maybe we’ll even become a couple as the relationship progresses! 
Well, the thoughts of a girl in love were inexorably straightforward and simple. 
As she stared at him, a silly smile overtook her entire face. 
Just when she was engrossed in her glorious fantasy, she was abruptly jolted awake. No, accurately speaking, she was knocked awake. 
The ball in the basketball court accidentally shot out of the court and hit her on the head squarely. 
It so happened that the culprit was none other than him, Larry.
The sudden bolt of pain had Joan clutching her head and crouching on the ground. The pain was so strong that tears almost escaped her eyes. 
“Are you okay, miss?” 
Upon seeing that he had hurt someone, Larry hastily sprinted over and inquired about her condition. 
Is he talking to me? Stunned, a burst of delight instantly flooded Joan. 
She quickly lifted her head and smilingly replied, “I-I’m fine. It doesn’t hurt at all.” 
After saying that, she actually massaged her head. 
At that, he stared at her. At the sight of her smilingly telling him that it didn’t hurt despite the tears shimmering in her eyes, his heart fluttered. 
It felt like he was captivated by her, but he couldn’t be entirely certain. Nevertheless, the feeling he had toward the beautiful girl in front of him was one he had never experienced. 
“How about I treat you to a meal as an apology?” 
After saying that, he himself was taken aback because he had never voluntarily asked a girl out. 
And much to his surprise, she actually declined. 
“No, no, it’s okay. I’m perfectly fine,” she declined without even thinking about it. 
She craved having contact with him, but when it was poised to happen, fear had her taking a step back again. 
Meanwhile, the other girls on the sidelines had already lost their minds ever since Larry trotted over in this direction, and they were all shouting fanatically.
“Wow, my idol! My idol is coming over to me!” 
“Dream on! Look at yourself in the mirror! He’s heading over to me!” 
“Hey, stop that nonsense! I’m the nearest to him, so he must be here for me!” 
“Stop arguing! He’s here!” 
When the girls on the sidelines saw Larry approaching Joan, jealousy ignited within them, and their eyes blazed scarlet. 
Then, the moment they heard him asking her out for a meal, their hearts lodged into their throats. 
Phew! What a relief! That fool declined the invitation! 
When they heard her declining without even an ounce of hesitation, their hearts immediately settled back in their chests. Inwardly, they exclaimed happily, I’ve still got a chance! 
“Handsome, she rejected you, but I don’t mind having a meal with you!” 
“Yes, yes, that’s right! I don’t mind eating with you either!” 
“Choose me! Choose me!” 
“Buzz off! I’m the most suitable candidate!” 
Once again, the girls on the sidelines exclaimed loudly. 
However, Larry wasn’t the least bit affected. Pinning his gaze on Joan, he enunciated, “What if I insist?” 
Joan’s heart pounded wildly even as she inwardly chastised herself for being stupid. Isn’t this exactly what you want? So, why are you so hesitant now?
Meanwhile, the other girls were screeching inwardly, No! Don’t say yes! 
“W-When?” Joan stammered. 
“In just a few moments. Wait for me here.” After Larry had said that, he strode back toward the basketball court. 
Having taken his leave from his friends on the court, he walked back to her. 
“Let’s go. We’ll go for a meal.” 
Without the slightest bit of hesitation, he started forward as soon as he had finished saying that. 
Joan silently trailed behind him with conflicting emotions blanketing her face; there were anxiety, apprehension, and even faint anticipation.
###Chapter 1535
Chapter 1535 
Behind Joan, the sound of hearts shattering pierced the air. 
Larry, who had been walking in front, started slowing down until he was side by side with Joan. 
“What’s your name?” 
As he looked at the girl before him, he felt his heartbeat gradually accelerating. Could this be the so- called love at first sight? 
“I’m Joan Watts.” 
Joan’s voice was a mere whisper, yet Larry could hear her clearly. 
“I see. I’m Larry Norton.” 
He then smiled, appearing to be in high spirits. 
I know, Joan mumbled inwardly. 
After having exchanged those two utterances, neither of them said anything else. 
Larry didn’t know what to say, while Joan was so nervous that she was at a loss. 
In no time, the two of them arrived at the school cafeteria. At that time, Larry had never dated, so he had no idea that he should be taking a girl to a high-end restaurant when treating her to a meal. 
“What would you like to eat?” Larry asked softly. 
“Why don’t I pay for it myself? You don’t need to treat me,” Joan murmured with her head lowered.
“No way! I said I’ll treat you, so it’s my treat!” Larry declared in a voice that brooked no argument. 
“In that case, you decide. I’m fine with anything.” 
Joan was still acting very much cautiously. 
After simply ordering two lunch boxes, Larry and Joan started eating. 
Later, Joan kept using this incident to tease Larry, making him exceedingly embarrassed. Of course, this only happened when they had gotten familiar with each other in the future. 
Neither of them had ever thought that the first meal they shared upon getting acquainted was a lunch box at the school cafeteria. 
Throughout the meal, they both said nothing, merely finishing the food silently. 
“I’ll be leaving first.” Looking at Larry, Joan then stated, “Thank you for the meal.” 
“You’re welcome. Let’s go.” 
Larry got up to leave as well. 
Thereafter, Larry still went to the basketball court to play basketball every day, and it was even more frequent than before. Meanwhile, Joan sat at the same place and watched him play. 
Nothing changed, with the exception that they both interacted more. On the court, Larry would gaze in Joan’s direction from time to time, while Joan always flashed him a smile in return. 
Therefore, the basketball court on campus became the place they got acquainted. 
After Larry had was done playing basketball in the afternoon, he always went to the cafeteria to eat with Joan. Joan, on the other hand, stopped protesting after having declined his invitation a few times.
Hence, eating together gradually became a habit of theirs. 
It wasn’t as romantic as one would have imagined, nor was it a passionate love story. Instead, they merely got together with the flow, when things felt right. 
On the day they confirmed their relationship, Larry said to Joan, “Meet me at the basketball court tonight.” 
Despite having no inkling why he asked her to meet him, Joan still went to the basketball court at the agreed-upon time. 
Larry was standing there with a basketball in his arms, his silhouette elongated under the streetlights. Despite the dim streetlights, one could still discern his chiseled and handsome countenance. While innocent youthfulness remained on his face, he already had a faint sense of an imposing aura. 
As he watched Joan walking toward him, step by step, his lips curved into a smile that was utterly captivating. 
At that time, Joan noticed him staring at her intently, his gaze brimming with affection that almost had her melting into a puddle. 
All of a sudden, she sensed her heart skipping a beat. She knew that something was about to happen, and it had her feeling both nervous and expectant. 
“Is something the matter that you asked me here, Larry?” 
A touch apprehensive, Joan dared not look at him but kept her head ducked instead. 
“Yup.” 
Larry’s voice was filled with an enthralling allure, and it made her heart race all the faster.
“Joan, the reason I asked you here today is that I’ve got a question for you. Will you be my girlfriend?” 
His voice wasn’t as calm as usual. Instead, it was tinged with a trace of urgency and anticipation. 
Upon hearing that, Joan’s mind abruptly went blank. 
Did he just ask me to be his girlfriend? Am I going to be his girlfriend?
###Chapter 1536
Chapter 1536 
Joan was stumped for a moment before she suddenly felt so happy that she couldn’t quite breathe. 
Oh my God, I didn’t even dare dream of this, yet it has come true today! 
“Forget it if you won’t be my girlfriend.” 
Upon seeing that Joan wasn’t saying anything, Larry thought that she wanted to turn him down, so he spun around dejectedly to leave. 
“I do!” Joan hastily blurted. 
After all, how could she turn him down when this was something she wanted more than anything else? 
All at once, Larry promptly whirled around in surprise. As he did so, he wore a wide smile on his face. 
“Here, this basketball is for you. It was my birthday present from my father, and there’s Kobe’s signature on it!” 
He handed the basketball in his hands to Joan. 
With astonishment written all over her face, Joan took the basketball. 
Is this my first gift from him? Undeniably, this gift is truly unique. 
After getting together, Larry and Joan soon fell deeply in love to the point of no return. As for everything that happened later, well, that was already common knowledge. 
As they both snapped back to reality at the same time, they laughed in concert as nostalgia teemed in their eyes.
“Regretfully, Kobe has already retired, so you won’t get to see him play basketball anymore,” Joan lamented with dismay. 
“It’s okay. As long as you’re by my side, it no longer matters where we go and who we see,” Larry insisted smilingly. 
At that, a wealth of warmth enveloped Joan. 
“Let’s go! This is our last stop, so let’s wander around. We’ll see what’s delicious and fun here!” 
Taking Joan’s hand, Larry started walking forward. 
At the mention of food, Joan’s eyes lit up. 
“Sure, sure! Let’s go and see what’s delicious here!” she urged. 
“I heard that there’s a very delicious snack ahead,” Larry drawled, deliberately teasing her. 
“What’s that?” 
“I’m not telling you! Haha…” 
“Hey, that’s unfair! Stop right there!” Joan cried out huffily. 
Nonetheless, she allowed Larry to continue strolling forward while holding her hand. 
Meanwhile, Carl presently was waiting for someone in a restaurant. Although he had been waiting for a long time without any sign of the other person, he was dead certain that she would come. 
A while later, a woman with a nice figure in a black coat walked into the restaurant. Her face was obscured since she was wearing sunglasses, but one thing was certain—the woman was very beautiful.
The woman glanced around the restaurant. The second she caught sight of Carl, her eyes lit up, and she strode toward him. 
When she reached his table, she sat down right across from him before slowly removing her sunglasses. It was none other than Gabriella. 
As Carl stared at Gabriella before him, he beamed. 
Back when he drank with a few ruffians, he obtained the contact information for a few desperadoes who straddled the edge of society from them. 
At present, his life was bleak and miserable. Not only had he lost the golden opportunity of getting his big break by cozying up to the Ward family, but he had also lost the right to inherit his family business. 
Thus, all those who had once followed him around and fawned all over him had also started giving him attitude. 
During this time, he had experienced the cruelty of life and the fickleness of human beings. 
For that reason, he hated Larry and Joan. If it weren’t because of them, he would never have ended up in such a sorry state. 
Therefore, he was frantic to get his revenge against them. It was only when they were eliminated could he obtain gratification. 
To that end, he had contacted a few desperadoes, hoping that they would help him finish Larry and Joan off. If that wasn’t possible, he wanted them to at least suffer some grievous injuries, perhaps breaking their arms or legs. Only by doing so would he be able to experience the rush of perverse pleasure.
Thereafter, he swiftly received a reply from the desperadoes. It was very simple to have them do a job —as long as the person offered enough money to entice them to take the risk, they would do it. But if the money was a mere pittance, they would never agree to the job. 
Naturally, Carl expressed his understanding of their stance. After all, despite living a life fraught with risk, those desperadoes weren’t vulnerable to judgment by the law since they hid in the darkness. 
However, once they make a move, they would be quickly targeted by the police.
###Chapter 1537
Chapter 1537 
Thus, such danger wasn’t something the desperadoes would simply risk. 
“How much do you want?” Carl asked through gritted teeth, prepared to be paying them a king’s ransom. 
“Who’s your target?” the person on the phone questioned. 
“Larry Norton, but Joan Watts is fine, too,” Carl snarled while clenching his jaw. 
“Okay, then. The price for Larry Norton ranges between five million to ten million, while Joan Watts will cost you between two million to five million. As for who exactly you want us to eliminate, you should consider it carefully.” 
“What?” Carl almost jumped out of his skin. “Why is it so expensive? Don’t simply rip me off just because I’m asking you guys for a favor! If you guys don’t work out, I can also go to someone else!” he hissed through gritted teeth. 
Hah! They’re asking for such an exorbitant amount that I can’t afford to pay it even if I rob the bank! 
“This will be the price no matter who you go to. Even ten million is a pittance to me when you’re going against the president of Norton Corporation and his fiancée. Considering Norton Corporation’s influence in Marsingfill, we won’t be able to stay here anymore even if the police don’t find us! 
“If we were found out by Norton Corporation, we would end up a hundred times worse than if we were arrested by the police. You can take your time and consider it carefully. Perhaps we’ll be even happier if you go and have someone else do it!” 
After saying that, the assassin hung up the phone.
As Carl listened to the disconnect tone on the other end, he felt exceedingly conflicted. 
That assassin is right. If I want to make a move against Larry Norton and Joan Watts, I must pay a hefty price. However, I simply don’t have that much money now. If I were still the heir to the family business, I’d be able to produce five million easily by utilizing some connections, much less two million. 
But the thing is, I’m no longer the heir! On top of that, Dad has frozen my primary bank card out of fear that I’ll act recklessly. So, it’s already a feat if I can fork out half a million. No, I need someone else to bear the cost with me. Furthermore, two minds will definitely be better than one in planning this assassination. 
Thus, he thought of a person who detested Larry and Joan to the bone, just like him—Gabriella. 
If I pull Gabriella into the boat with me, my financial burden will be reduced significantly. Besides, the Ward family’s connections extend further than mine, so this matter can be done more imperviously. 
Most importantly, if she agrees to this, she’ll undoubtedly be bound to me. And it’s different this time, for once the matter comes to light, she might even lose her life. Therefore, she’ll definitely choose to be with me for the sake of her life! 
Having made up his mind, he then resolutely contacted Gabriella. Gabriella didn’t even bother picking up his call in the beginning, but she later truly couldn’t stand his persistent harassment calls, so she finally answered it. 
“Gabriella, it’s me, Carl.” 
The first thing Carl did was to introduce himself as though afraid that she wouldn’t know that it was him. 
“I naturally know who you are!” Gabriella huffed. 
If it weren’t for you, why else would I be avoiding picking up calls?
“Why on earth did you keep calling me? Just spit it out if you’ve got something to say!” she demanded impatiently. 
After all, she found it a waste of time to even say a single word to him. 
“I have a very important matter to discuss with you, one that’s definitely of interest to you.” 
Carl’s voice was unhurried. 
“Well? Cut the crap!” 
Gabriella was so incensed at him leaving her hanging despite knowing full well that she was impatient that she blurted a crude word. 
“Be patient and listen to me.” 
Carl didn’t take her wrath and censure to heart. Instead, he slowly told her his ultimate goal. 
“I want to find someone to bump off Larry Norton or Joan Watts. Even if I don’t kill them, I want them to pay in blood!” 
His voice was vicious, making it clear as day that he harbored bone-deep hatred toward Larry and Joan. 
“What?” 
Shock seized Gabriella, and her jaw dropped. 
Carl’s words were like a sledgehammer that hit her right in the chest, leaving her overwhelmed for a long time.
Although she had long since loathed both Larry and Joan to the marrow, she had never thought of doing such a thing.
###Chapter 1538
Chapter 1538 
It wasn’t that Gabriella didn’t want to do so, but she didn’t even dare entertain such a thought! 
After all, the Ward family was already in such a desperate state that it was gasping for breath when they merely had some business conflicts with Norton Corporation. Thus, if she were to plan an assassination of the leader of Norton Corporation, the consequences would definitely be devastating once the matter came to light. 
“Have you lost your mind, Carl Johnson?” Gabriella was both shocked and livid. “If you want to die, do so yourself! Don’t drag me down with you!” 
She was living a dismal life now, but she was still the high and mighty young lady of the Ward family, not to mention a socialite at the upper echelons of society. Despite being rather embarrassed at the recent turn of events, she believed that everything would pass. 
However, if she were to assassinate Larry and Joan, she would certainly lose everything were it to come to light even if the attempt succeeded. Worse still, she might even pay with her life. 
“I know your concerns, Gabriella, but are you really that indifferent when you see Joan Watts by the side of the man whom you once loved deeply? What’s more, he even relegated you to your circumstances now because of that b*tch, Joan Watts!” 
Knowing that she wouldn’t agree, Carl started reeling her in with various enticements. 
“Joan Watts’ position now should have been yours, but that’s not the case now. Don’t you hate her when you think of how happy she is with Larry Norton?” 
“Of course, I do! How could I possibly not hate her?”
Hatred glinted in Gabriella’s eyes. How I wish that Joan would just drop dead! 
“But this matter is simply too serious. I don’t have such capability.” 
“No, that’s not true. You simply lack the guts to do it because you worry too much. The loathing you harbor toward Joan Watts have you wishing that you could slash her into ribbons, but you can’t do anything to her because of Larry Norton. Also, you’re afraid of losing your identity now because it’s more than sufficient to allow you to enjoy life. But have you ever considered…” 
At that, Carl deliberately paused for a moment so that Gabriella could hear him loud and clear. 
“Once the Ward family’s current power and influence cease to exist, will you still have the identity of a socialite of the upper-class society? Don’t think that I’m trying to scare you, for you know the situation of the Ward family now better than me. Once the Ward family collapses and goes bankrupt or your father surrenders his position as chairman, those he had once offended or disregarded will walk all over you, mocking and oppressing you. Is that a life you want?” 
Step by step, he battered at her defenses, breaking them down. 
Upon hearing his words, an inexplicable wave of fear gripped Gabriella out of the blue. 
She was naturally well aware of the Ward family’s situation at the moment. It was already at a precarious point, tottering on the edge of destruction. Once the Ward family goes bankrupt, I’ll lose my glamorous identity now and become the target of scorn and oppression! 
At the thought of those she had once trampled under her feet looking at her with contemptuous expressions and the smug gratification on their faces as they picked on her, she felt as though she was going to lose her mind. 
I’ll never allow such a situation to happen! Never in a million years!
“Nonetheless, this matter is still too risky. Even if we do attempt it, how are we going to do it? Larry and Joan are protected by bodyguards 24/7, so we might not necessarily succeed even if we do attempt an assassination. And once this matter comes to light, we’ll be facing relentless retaliation from Norton Corporation.” 
As her thoughts went in this direction, she again hesitated. 
“You don’t need to worry about this. I’ve already made arrangements for the most part, but I still need your help. Also, we need to plan this out again.” 
Carl continued persuading her when he noticed her wavering. 
“How about this? I’ll give you a few days to consider it. Three days later, if you’ve made up your mind and would like to join hands with me, come and look for me at eight o’clock at night. We’ll discuss and plan it out in detail. I’ll send you the location by phone.” 
Gabriella remained silent, making it apparent that she was still weighing the pros and cons of this matter. 
Seeing that she wasn’t saying anything, Carl didn’t continue bugging her. 
“Alright, it’s decided, then. Think about it carefully, but as I said, why don’t you try fighting for it if you don’t want all those things I said to become a reality in the future?”
###Chapter 1539
Chapter 1539 
After saying that, Carl hung up, leaving Gabriella with her chaotic thoughts. 
Those three days were the most arduous days in Gabriella’s life. 
Throughout the three days, not only did she consider Carl’s proposition carefully, but she also paid close attention to the changes in the Ward family’s financial situation. 
On the fourth day, the financial capability of the Ward family had already fallen to its lowest point in history. 
Although Landon was doing his best to persevere, she couldn’t see the slightest ray of hope. 
If this continues, bankruptcy is only a matter of time. 
Recalling Carl’s words, her defenses slowly collapsed. 
She really couldn’t think of a better way to save the Ward family and herself. The only method was the one he proposed. 
Three days passed in the blink of an eye. While she was still struggling inwardly, she was gradually inclined toward Carl’s proposition. 
In the end, she decided to seek Carl out. 
No matter what, I can just go and see what he says. If I don’t agree, I can just turn around and leave without getting myself involved in the mess. 
As that thought occurred to her, she finally stopped hesitating and drove to the location he sent her.
In other words, it was the aforementioned restaurant. 
Carl wore an expectant smile on his face as though having known that Gabriella would definitely come. 
“You’re here, Gabriella? What would you like to eat?” he inquired gentlemanly. 
“I’ve got no appetite,” Gabriella answered bluntly. 
All the while, her eyes were fixed intently on him. 
“Oh well, I’ll just eat by myself, then. 
As Carl said that, he picked up the fork and knife on the table before eating his steak unhurriedly. 
Gabriella waited for him to speak, for it was only when he initiated the conversation would she be able to take the reins. In that case, she could nonchalantly extricate herself from the collaboration and leave. 
However, Carl said nothing. Instead, he acted as though the steak in front of him was the sum of his world at that very moment. 
Both of them were waiting for the other to speak, so the atmosphere fell silent in a flash. 
At long last, it was Gabriella who snapped and broke the silence. 
“Tell me about your plan.” 
She didn’t want to waste time with him here, so she went straight to the chase. 
At that, Carl smirked triumphantly. 
“Patience, Gabriella. Haste makes waste. I know you’re very eager to have our collaboration go smoothly, but patience is a virtue.”
The moment his words fell, Gabriella was consigned to a passive position. 
Ugh! What a scoundrel! Gabriella cursed inwardly. Then, she declared, “I think you’ve made a mistake here, Mr. Johnson. I’m not here to collaborate with you. I’m only here to listen to the so-called plan you asked me here to discuss.” 
Gabriella spoke coldly without a hint of expression on her face. 
“There’s no rush about the plan. It’s been a long time since we last met, so let’s have a chat first,” Carl murmured with a smile. 
But on a closer look, one would see that the smile carried a hint of smugness for having cornered his prey. 
“We haven’t seen each other in a long time, so did you miss me, Gabriella? I missed you like crazy,” Carl drawled, grinning. 
His words had repulsion invading Gabriella. Sick of being kept hanging, she issued an ultimatum and hissed, “If you’re not going to talk business, I’m leaving.” 
“Alright, then, Gabriella. Since you’re in such a hurry, let’s talk about the plan first,” Carl concurred languidly. 
In the next moment, he had even schooled his expression and put his smile away. 
Without waiting for her to start, he began speaking. “I’ll tell you about the general plan first. It’s actually very simple. Larry Norton and Joan Watts are currently on a vacation. However, there have always been tons of work to be done at Norton Corporation, so he can’t be away for too long. Hence, he’ll probably return in these few days to handle business. What we need to do is to plan for something to happen during their vacation so that they can’t make it back to Marsingfill,” he snarled resentfully.
“Of course, we’re not doing this ourselves,” he added. Seemingly having anticipated her question, he continued, “I’ve already contacted a few assassins. They’re all desperadoes whose lives are always in the balance as they act as assassins. They don’t care who’s hiring their services, asking only for money. So, we don’t need to reveal our identities. As long we pay a certain amount, they will do their jobs.”
###Chapter 1540
Chapter 1540 
After saying all that, Carl said nothing further since he knew that Gabriella would surely have questions for him. 
“Don’t the assassins know who you are when you’ve already contacted them?” 
After all, Gabriella had some knowledge about assassins from hearsay. 
The majority of them were purportedly locals though there were also plenty from other countries. They had undergone specialized training and lived solely to carry out assassinations. Besides, they merely asked for money without ever bothering about who hired them. Hmm… they’re indeed the best choice to do this. 
“They’re assassins, so they never asked for my name. For safety purposes, even the phone number I’m using to contact them is registered under a false name. Thus, you can rest assured about that.” 
“Since you’ve already done all the preparations, why did you seek me out?” Gabriella was very much puzzled. 
“Don’t tell me you sought me out just to pull me into this so that I’ll shoulder the risk with you? You’re truly vicious, Carl Johnson!” Gabriella snarled furiously as she gritted her teeth. 
The more she pondered upon it, the greater her conviction that such was indeed his intentions. 
Nevertheless, she naturally didn’t dare raise her voice as they were speaking of something shady. 
“Why would you think that? Of course, I wouldn’t do such a thing when I love you so much,” Carl hurriedly cajoled in a soft voice when he saw that she was on the verge of blowing her top.
“I sought you out because I need your help in terms of connections and financial support.” 
Carl finally revealed his ultimate goal. 
“What do you mean?” Gabriella asked despite seemingly comprehending something or other after listening to him. 
“I’m no longer the heir of the family business now. Although it was merely an insignificant family in the grand scheme of things, it still provided me much help in terms of financial backing. Now, however, I have nothing except for the few hundreds of thousands in my bank card,” Carl admitted helplessly. 
At the thought of his predicament, he was all the more reminded of the culprits who brought about all that—Larry and Joan. And so, the hatred within him blazed all the hotter. 
“The amount of money I have now isn’t enough to hire assassins. In fact, it’s far from enough. Therefore, I hope you can supply me with a sum of money. Also, I won’t be able to investigate their exact movements with my current capabilities. But without providing their location, the assassins won’t be able to carry out the assassination. Thus, I need the Ward family’s backing to know their real-time movements in detail.” 
After saying all that, Carl said nothing further. He merely stared at her and awaited her decision. 
“The assassins have no idea who we are? Are you a hundred percent sure about that?” Gabriella asked, seeking confirmation once again. 
“They definitely won’t know who we are, and I can stake my life on that!” Carl asserted firmly, only stopping short at swearing it. 
“So, how much does it cost to hire the assassins?” Gabriella inquired further.
“That depends on what you want them to do to Larry Norton and Joan Watts,” Carl replied grimly. “Since the former’s identity is rather unique, the price will be higher. As for the latter, it’ll be relatively cheaper.” 
He then told her the price quoted by the assassins. Upon hearing that, Gabriella herself sucked in a breath. 
“What? It’s that expensive?” 
She was shocked, but at the thought of Larry’s unique identity, she felt that it did make sense. 
As a deposit was required in the hiring of assassins, Carl and Gabriella decided to pay them two million after discussing the matter among themselves. Besides, they came to an agreement that Larry and Joan were only to be injured instead of killed. 
After all, if the president of Norton Corporation died, the Ward family would also be implicated regardless of their involvement. 
Hence, the best solution was to have the two of them injured and hospitalized. 
By doing so, Norton Corporation would definitely plunge into chaos and ease its suppression of Ward Group. Ward Group could then have a respite amidst all that. On top of that, it would certainly be extremely beneficial toward its development in the future. 
Gabriella and Carl then discussed the plan meticulously before confirming it in the end. 
Both of them obtained great satisfaction from the plan. For Gabriella, not only would the Ward family gain a certain degree of respite, but she would also be able to avoid the series of consequences following the Ward family’s bankruptcy.
###Chapter 1541
Chapter 1541 
As for Carl, the assassination plan would ensure that Gabriella was firmly bound to him. It would result in a great possibility of her marrying him, so it would only be a matter of time before he inherited the assets of the Ward family. 
Most importantly, a sense of gratification flooded both Gabriella and Carl at the thought of Larry and Joan lying in the hospital because of their plan. 
To them, nothing made them happier than having obtained their revenge. 
After having discussed everything, they both went their separate ways. Carl was tasked with informing the assassins of the plan. Gabriella, on the other hand, not only had to prepare the money but also furtively use the Ward family’s influence to investigate Larry and Joan’s exact movements. 
When Gabriella went home, she headed straight for her bedroom, but she just so happened to bump into Landon. 
“Where did you go?” 
Ever since the Ward family started having financial problems, Landon had never been amiable with Gabriella. When they would usually bump into each other, he either put on a cold expression and said nothing or chastise her impatiently. 
While Gabriella felt extremely aggrieved at that, she didn’t dare utter a single word of complaint. 
“I went out to meet a friend,” Gabriella answered cautiously. 
“What friend? I hope it wasn’t any of those useless friends of yours?” Landon demanded impatiently.
“No, it was my best girlfriend. She was feeling down, so she asked me to keep her company and lend her an ear,” Gabriella fibbed. 
She knew that he would definitely blow a gasket if she were to tell him that she went to meet Carl. 
“Good. Don’t simply wander around these days. The Ward family is now in a crisis, so I don’t have much time to take care of you. Also, don’t make any more trouble for me.” 
Landon’s tone was much better now. Although he was still peeved, Gabriella was still his daughter, so he couldn’t simply shut his eyes to her. 
“Got it, Dad. You should rest more, too. I’m sorry for having worried you.” 
Despite his belligerent demeanor toward her recently, Gabriella could still sense the concern underlying his words. 
“I’m fine, so you can get back to your work.” 
At that, Landon spun around and went about his business without bothering about her anymore. 
After going back to her room, the first thing Gabriella did was to calculate how much money she had on hand. Despite their financial strain lately, Landon didn’t limit her daily expenses, and her monthly stipend hadn’t been deducted either. Thus, she could afford to pay the assassins albeit smarting slightly. 
Then, she furtively arranged for some people to observe Larry and Joan’s every movement closely with the Ward family’s remaining influence. 
As for the rest of it, it all hinged on Carl.
Meanwhile, Carl immediately contacted the few assassins upon arriving home and wired the two million Gabriella transferred to him to the bank account provided by the assassins. 
After the information from Gabriella’s spies was conveyed to the assassins through Carl, the assassins set off for Horington right away. 
Thus, an assassination plan targeting Larry and Joan quietly kicked off. 
Nevertheless, Larry and Joan were still ignorant of the impending danger, enjoying the final moments of their rare vacation. 
Subsequently, night fell. After tiring themselves having fun out there, they decided to return to their hotel to rest so that they could return to Marsingfill early the next morning. 
They both stood by the roadside while waiting for a cab. At that precise moment, a cab slowly cruised toward them. 
When Joan spotted the oncoming cab, her eyes lit up, and she quickly held her hand out to hail it. 
Sure enough, the cab gradually came to a stop before them. 
Larry and Joan then got into the cab without delay. 
“Where to?” the driver inquired. 
His voice was low and hoarse, marking him apart from the average person. 
“Hello, mister. We’re heading to Washington Hotel,” Joan replied politely. 
“Okay.”
Without saying anything further, the driver started the engine and slowly drove forward after a single word of acknowledgment. 
The driver was wearing a baseball cap with the brim lowered as though afraid that someone would discern his countenance.
###Chapter 1542
Chapter 1542 
Larry surreptitiously studied the driver. He simply couldn’t shake off the feeling that something was off about him. 
The driver was driving very slowly, but it was already night, so it wasn’t a big deal since neither Larry nor Joan minded. 
“Are you a local, mister?” Larry asked. 
“No. My daughter is studying here, so her mother and I moved to this city. I couldn’t find a job, so I started driving a cab.” 
The driver’s voice was a mere whisper, but it gave off a sense of oppression. 
“No wonder you don’t sound like a local,” Larry commented. 
Well, well… he was probably in the killing profession before he became a cabbie. 
After all, he was no stranger to the aura that the driver was emanating. Only those who had experienced peril and near-death brushes would develop such an aura. 
He was very familiar with such an aura because he had once possessed it himself. But as time passed, or more accurately speaking, the changes in his social circle made it imperative that he conceal it. 
Wait a moment! 
All of a sudden, he was taken aback by his own thoughts—this cabbie is an assassin! 
That intuition couldn’t be wrong, for the driver possessed all the traits of an assassin—low-key, disguised, and a faint murderous aura.
Is he targeting me and Joan, or was he an assassin in the past but had retired long ago? he mused inwardly. 
Nonetheless, he still cautiously kept his guard up. 
“What are you thinking, Larry?” Joan queried when she saw him spacing out. 
“Nothing. Something just occurred to me, but I’ll tell you when we get back,” Larry answered with a smile. 
He feigned an expression of utter nonchalance, but his nerves had long since stretched taut. 
“Oh, I see. We should be arriving back at the hotel soon, no?” Joan asked. 
In truth, they should have reached the hotel by then. 
“Yup, we’re probably arriving soon.” 
Larry looked around, only to discover that he had never seen the place before. 
While this was considered an unfamiliar city to them, he could still remember the surrounding landscape. 
Inwardly, Larry cursed. Damn it, this is bad! Now, I can say for certain that the cabbie is an assassin, and he’s targeting us! 
At the thought of this, he broke out in a cold sweat. 
He naturally wasn’t afraid of those so-called assassins, but he was worried about Joan. 
“Mister, please pull over by the side. I need to get out for a while,” Larry said to the driver.
Unsurprisingly, the driver didn’t answer but merely continued driving silently. 
“I said, pull over! I’ve got an urgent matter to attend to!” Larry repeated upon seeing that he was ignoring him. 
“May I know what the matter is, sir?” the driver finally replied. 
“That’s none of your business! You only need to pull over!” Larry declared glacially. 
The look in his eyes as he stared at the driver was filled with frost. 
“I’m sorry, sir, but my cab isn’t pulling over before reaching its destination.” 
Snickeringly maliciously, the driver abruptly accelerated. 
By then, Joan had also realized that something was off. “What should we do, Larry?” she questioned in panic. 
At that, Larry cast her a consoling look and reassured, “I’m here, so everything will be fine.” 
“I’m afraid it’s useless even if you’re here. Both of you aren’t escaping today!” the driver proclaimed malevolently as he bared his vicious teeth. 
Larry kept mum, knowing that nothing he said would make a difference. Fearing that Joan would suffer the slightest bit of hurt, he didn’t even dare to grab the assassin’s steering wheel. 
But despite the tense situation, he was still extremely calm. Having seen too much of the world, such a situation was nothing more than child’s play to him. Furthermore, he had great backup. 
Screech!
As the sharp screech of tires pierced the air, the car finally came to a stop. 
The impact almost flung Joan out of the windshield, but fortunately, Larry had been keeping his arms around her, so she wasn’t affected much by the sudden brake. 
“Get out. Someone wants to meet you both,” the assassin ordered coldly.
###Chapter 1543
Chapter 1543 
“Larry, what do we do?” Panic consumed every inch of Joan as she felt she was at her wits’ end. 
“It’s okay. If this is the case, let’s get out of the car and see what they want.” 
Seeing that the assassin did not immediately take their lives in the car, Larry’s nerves began to calm down. Might as well make the best of the situation! 
Larry helped Joan out of the car as he took in their surroundings. Ruins of what used to be buildings surround them, allowing Larry to soon realize they were in a demolition area. The buildings around them seemed to be under reconstruction. With no one in sight, Larry easily deduced that they were brought there to be away from prying eyes. 
The assassin that disguised himself as the driver joined a few other men after he got out of the car. The men stood in a line, staring intensely at Larry and Joan opposite them. 
Larry examined all of them in a calm manner. There were five men in total, all of them masked, showing only their eyes. 
“So, why did you bring us here?” Unable to tell who they were behind the masks, Larry had no choice but to ask. 
“As expected of the president of Norton Corporation, bold words for a man face to face with danger. Hats off to you for maintaining your confidence even in times like this,” responded one of the assassins coolly. 
“Let’s cut the pleasantries, shall we? Tell me, what do you plan to do with us? Surely you don’t want to take our lives.”
Larry raised an eyebrow, confident in his deduction. If the assassins wanted them dead, they would have done so long ago instead of wasting their time for mindless chit-chat. 
“You are shrewd indeed, Mr. Norton.” 
The reply came from the same person as before. It wasn’t hard to guess that he was the one in charge of this mission. 
“To offend you, and therefore offending Norton Corporation is not something we have a say in. I’m sure you know, Mr. Norton, that we only carry out the tasks we were paid to do, helping whichever party that hired us, no hard feelings. Now, let’s not make things more difficult than needed. We just need to cleave off an arm from you and Mrs. Norton each.” 
Joan inhaled sharply as she edged closer to Larry, eyes widening as she gripped Larry’s sleeves out of fear. Knowing what the assassins had planned did not ease her mind. Contrarily, her heart pounded faster in fear. 
Sensing her panic, Larry patted her hand gently, attempting to comfort her. 
“Since it’s just about money—and you said so yourself, no hard feelings—then there should be some space for negotiation.” 
Larry kept his eyes fixed on the person in charge before continuing, “Whatever you’ve received, I’ll offer you twice the amount for you to give me the name of your employer, and everyone will leave here unscathed. Do we have a deal?” 
Keeping Joan’s safety in mind and worried that she might be harmed, Larry hoped to resolve the situation by talking instead of spilling blood.
“Mr. Norton, I’m sure you know people like us carry out our missions seriously once we’ve received a task from the employer. We won’t stop until it’s done, so… please excuse us!” 
With that being said, the leader was the first to unsheathe his dagger and lunged towards the couple. 
“Get them!” 
As the other four rushed forward with their weapons, chaos ensued. It was impossible to know who had shouted the command. 
The assassins all knew that once they defeated Larry, going after Joan would be a piece of cake, so right that second, all five men charged towards Larry with their daggers. 
“Run, Joan!” exclaimed Larry, shoving Joan behind him as danger closed in, all the while raising his fists and getting into a fighting stance. 
Fully aware that staying beside Larry would make him distracted, Joan turned around and sped off without hesitation. 
“Be careful, Larry!” cried Joan as she sprinted away. 
Please God, don’t let Larry get hurt. Joan prayed silently, in hopes that everything would be fine. 
Noticing Joan’s attempt to escape, one of the assassins chased after her, not allowing her to get away as the other four surrounded Larry. 
Being a highly trained assassin with special training, there was no chance Joan could have outrun him. The distance between the two got closer and closer. The assassin stretched out his hand, almost touching Joan when a huge shadow appeared and kicked the assassin in the stomach, knocking the air out of his lungs and saving Joan in the nick of time.
Before Joan could even respond, the assassin had been kicked a good few feet away. 
As Joan regained enough composure to see the face of her hero, her eyes widened as her heart beat wilder. 
“Quick! Go help Larry!” To her immense relief, Joan begged the person who protected her a second ago. 
It was none other than Caspian!
###Chapter 1544
Chapter 1544 
As Larry’s personal bodyguard, Caspian would be fired without a doubt if he failed to show up in times of crisis. 
“Don’t worry.” Caspian comforted Joan. “Boss has this covered!” 
Regarding Larry’s combat skills, Caspian had nothing but the deepest admiration and trust. 
Seeing Joan safe and unharmed with Caspian by her side, Larry breathed a sigh of relief before turning his undivided attention upon the four assassins in front of him. 
As someone who had intense training and life or death experiences, the assassins were far more deadly in comparison to the thugs on the streets. Their moves were seamlessly in tune with each other, showing that they had trained together for years. Each strike of the blades was carefully calculated with extreme precision. Any blow could have been vital to Larry. 
If they were up against any other person, they would have completely slaughtered the victim by then. 
But this wasn’t any other person. This was Larry Norton. 
As skilled as the assassins were, Larry could still easily spot their many weaknesses and loopholes. 
After all, with Larry’s past, this was nothing but a mere child’s play. 
Within minutes, the four assassins collapsed to the ground, clutching their broken arms or legs and wailing in agony. 
Larry calmly straightened his shirt that had been messed up in the fight and walked away as if nothing had happened. With huge strides, he made his way towards Joan.
“ze! Don’t move!” 
Just as the three of them thought it was over, an icy voice rang out. 
Larry turned his head slowly towards the direction of the voice. The assassin that Caspian had kicked to the ground had climbed up from his fall and was standing with a gun in his hand, aiming it at Larry. 
“You better stay still, or even I wouldn’t know what might happen.” 
The assassin bared his teeth as he looked at Larry, his finger fixated on the trigger. Seeing his mates sprawling on the floor, anger, and resentment coursed through his veins as he wanted nothing more than to shoot Larry to death. 
“You shouldn’t be rash either. If the gun goes off, it’ll be over for you too,” replied Larry slowly with no hint of fear in his voice. 
“Silence! Don’t think for a second that I wouldn’t kill you, even if it means being decapitated!” roared the assassin ferociously. Larry’s nonchalance seemed to be an insult to his pride. 
“Is that so? Well then, go ahead!” Larry gave a dry laugh as he pointed to his own chest. 
“Come on. Shoot me here, and you would be .” 
Larry smirked, inching closer to the assassin with each word he spoke. 
“Don’t come any closer! Or I’m really going to shoot!” 
Consumed by rage, the assassin glared intently at Larry. His fingers flexed as he slowly began to pull the trigger. 
Just then, a hand appeared and snatched the gun out of his grasp.
It was Caspian! The bodyguard had begun sneaking behind the assassin the second he saw the gun. Seeing Caspian’s movement, Larry quickly caught on and provoked the assassin as a distraction. 
Bang! 
The deafening sound of the gunshot reverberated throughout the dark of night. 
As the gun was being snatched away, the assassin still pulled the trigger. 
Caspian sucked in a deep breath before swinging a heavy fist at the back of the assassin’s head. The latter fell to the ground, unconscious. 
As the danger resolved, Caspian slowly lowered himself to the ground, clutching his stomach. 
“Caspian, are you alright?” 
Joan, who had been standing at the side the entire time, hurried towards Caspian. Larry followed closely behind her, his eyes filled with worry and concern. 
“It’s alright, I’m fine. The bullet had merely grazed my stomach.” 
Caspian grinned good-naturally at Joan and Larry. 
“Good. That’s good.” 
Joan let go of a breath she didn’t know she was holding as she felt an invisible weight lifted off her shoulders. 
“Roll up your shirt. Let me take a look,” ordered Larry sternly with a blank expression.
Seeing Larry’s cold look, Caspian immediately rolled up his shirt, keeping a wary eye at Larry like a helpless mouse being cornered by a cat. 
Larry looked at the wound and frowned slightly. Caspian was right about the bullet not penetrating into his stomach, but Larry wouldn’t say Caspian was “grazed” either. A wound about a few inches long was strewn across Caspian’s stomach, causing warm blood to trickle down slowly.
###Chapter 1545
Chapter 1545 
“How many times do I have to tell you? You must be quick and precise when it comes to dealing with enemies! Any form of mercy for the enemy is cruelty to yourself! If you had given in your all since the beginning, you wouldn’t have been shot!” thundered Larry. Needless to say, Caspian’s injury did not sit well with him. 
Caspian lowered his head as Larry continued to yell at him like a kid being punished, not saying anything to retaliate. 
“Oh Larry, stop scolding Caspian. If it wasn’t for him, we could have still been held hostage at gunpoint!” Joan interrupted, unable to withstand Larry’s unfair lectures at Caspian any further. 
“If he hadn’t underestimated the enemy, he wouldn’t be in this position! He can’t even carry out such a simple thing with perfection, how more stupid can he be?” 
Larry did not stop ranting, refusing to drop the subject. However, it was Joan who didn’t realize the pain behind his anger. 
“But…” 
Joan opened her mouth to refute but was interrupted by Caspian. 
“Thank you for defending me Ma’am, but Boss was right. It’s all my fault. I had underestimated the enemy. I apologize, Boss.” 
Hearing Caspian’s apology, Larry softened his gaze and stopped reprimanding him. 
“Stay here, I’ll go grab the first aid kit in the car.”
Though he spoke in a disapproving tone, even Joan could hear the concern in Larry’s voice this time. 
As Larry brisk walked to the car, a lump formed in Caspian’s throat as he sniffed. 
Boss really is still the same person from years ago. He hasn’t changed a bit, still the same strict and serious boss that’ll lose his temper over something trivial. 
Even so, Caspian knew that none of their best mates would blame Larry for that, because everyone knows Larry cared for them the most, even when he never showed it. After all, Larry being stern with them was for their lives’ sake! 
Reminiscing those years together, Caspian sighed, overcome with mixed emotions. 
Those fervent years were in the past. A lot of their friends were no longer in contact with each other. Nevertheless, whenever Caspian recounted those memories, the familiar sense of passion would course through his veins. Their brotherhood would always be permanently etched upon his bones, and nothing could change that. 
Caspian’s eyes began to redden. Joan was deeply moved by the picture as she kept looking back and forth between Caspian and Larry. Their deep care for each other—surpassing all relations between an employer and an employee—was plain for all to see. 
Although Joan could not and could never fully understand the true definition of brotherhood, she had no doubt that those two would trust each other with their lives, even to the point of sacrificing oneself. 
“Caspian, what exactly is your relationship with Larry? Why do you address him as Boss?” Joan couldn’t help but ask. The more she couldn’t understand, the more she wanted to know. 
“Boss… is Boss!” laughed Caspian. “He’s my boss, always has been and always will be!” A genuine grin appeared on his face.
Joan was taken aback slightly. Normally, Caspian would show the emotions of a brick wall. Even if Larry were to put him in a difficult position, Caspian would still remain his calm and collected self. Before that day, Joan would have never suspected Caspian of being capable of smiling. 
But now, seeing Caspian grinning only did Joan realize the big heart underneath all those muscles. I guess appearances really are deceiving. 
“But… what’s your relationship with him?” 
Refusing to drop the matter, Joan continued to press Caspian for more information. 
“An employer-employee relationship. He’s my boss after all. Other than that… I won’t tell you.” 
No matter how hard Joan tried to sway him, Caspian still kept his lips sealed. 
“Fine, don’t tell me. I don’t want to know anymore,” mumbled Joan, pursing her lips since she did not get the answer she wanted. 
As Joan huffed in annoyance, a cheeky idea struck her. Since you won’t let me know, don’t blame me for teasing you. She smirked playfully before turning to look at Caspian. “You two… can’t possibly be in that kind of relationship, right?” 
“What kind of relationship?” 
Caspian was dumbfounded. Could she have guessed it already? That’s impossible! Ma’am shouldn’t be smart enough to figure it out! 
“Did you use to dine and sleep together?” Joan widened her eyes, feigning innocence as she tried to suppress her laughter.
“Well, yes. We would dine and sleep together. We would even shower together at times,” answered Caspian truthfully, oblivious to Joan’s intentions.
###Chapter 1546
Chapter 1546 
“Then did you feel a deep emotional connection with each other, and hope that you’ll be together forever?” continued Joan. 
“Of course! I would lay down my life for Boss! And admittedly, I did hope that we’d be together forever.” 
Too bad those days won’t ever happen again. Caspian looked down on the ground and sighed wistfully at that thought. 
“I can’t believe this! I would have never expected you to be this type of person!” gasped Joan before glaring at Caspian. “I’m warning you, Larry already has a fiancée, so don’t even think about it!” 
What? What does this have anything to do with what we were saying? Caspian was utterly baffled and confused. 
However, he caught on immediately the second he noticed the sly smile on Joan’s face. 
“That was not what I meant. Don’t misunderstand me, I do not swing that way. I don’t like Boss at all!” Caspian quickly explained with a straight face, clearly not amused at Joan’s little joke. 
“Hahahahaha…” 
Joan broke into a peal of hysterical laughter, clutching her stomach as it was starting to ache for laughing so hard. 
“What were you guys talking about? You sure are in a good mood.” Larry smiled as he asked Joan. He was returning from the car with the first aid kit in his hand when he heard Joan’s magnetic and irresistible laughter. He then turned his head towards Caspian and shot him a glare, “Also, what do you mean, you don’t like me at all?”
“I-I didn’t mean that I don’t like you! Wait, no… I don’t like you! I mean-” stuttered Caspian before sighing heavily, not knowing how to explain the situation. With misery written all over his face, Caspian shot a pleading look at Joan. 
“Ahahahaha…” Joan laughed harder at Caspian’s loss for words. 
“I-” 
Caspian opened his mouth to speak but was interrupted by Larry. 
“Shut up. Roll up your shirt again. Let me deal with your wound first,” ordered Larry. 
Caspian instantly snapped his mouth shut and obediently rolled up his shirt, not daring to defy Larry’s instructions. 
Larry stopped speaking as well, concentrating as he wrapped up Caspian’s wound. 
He was surprisingly good at it. Within minutes, Larry had completely secured Caspian’s wound with bandages. 
Seeing Larry’s skilled movements as he treated the wound nonchalantly, Joan became more perplexed and curious at Larry’s past. 
At that moment, she made a decision to ask Larry about his past some other time. 
Once he was done treating Caspian’s wound, Larry began to inspect the assassins lying on the ground, either wounded or unconscious, and called the local police. 
Soon, numerous cops arrived at their location, arresting all the assassins. Larry, Joan, and Caspian were also brought to the police station for investigation purposes. 
Before long, the three left the police station after a careful inspection for hidden wounds.
“Larry, what do you think will happen to those people?” inquired Joan curiously. 
“Well, those people have a lot of blood on their hands and were probably involved in many other crimes. They just kept their identities hidden to prevent getting caught. Now that justice is served, they’ll most likely be facing a death sentence,” answered Larry in a calm manner. 
“So that means we’ve done some good to the world!” 
Joan clapped her hands excitedly. All traces of the panic and fear she had felt earlier vanished into thin air. 
“Mm-hmm. If people like such are caught, it would mean the end for them.” Holding Joan by her hand, Larry led her to the car. “Come on, let’s head back to the hotel.” 
The three of them got into Caspian’s car. Even though Larry and Joan did not drive during their vacation, Caspian still had his duties as a personal bodyguard. Therefore, Caspian needed to follow them wherever they go, hiding in a car to not interrupt the couple. 
Sigh… it sure isn’t easy being a bodyguard. Caspian thought bitterly to himself. 
In reality, however, Larry did not require Caspian to be by his side twenty-four seven. He would only ask Caspian to help carry out certain tasks if needed or when trouble arose. Most of the time, Caspian could do whatever he liked. 
The “bodyguard” title was in fact just a cover. In truth, Caspian is Larry’s most trusted friend, a brother in arms. 
As the three returned to the hotel, Larry coaxed Joan to rest while he and Caspian discussed the events of the night.
“Boss, regarding what happened just now, do you have any leads on who was behind it?”
###Chapter 1547
Chapter 1547 
“Not yet,” mused Larry. “Whoever was behind the assault wanted to harm us, yet at the same time not wanting us to be dead. Clearly, they’re afraid of being dragged into this matter if we did die.” 
This would mean whoever was behind the attack would benefit from my injury. If I were to lose an arm and had to be admitted to the hospital for some time, the administrations of Norton Corporation would be all over the place. If so, who would benefit from it? 
The wheels in Larry’s brain kept turning as he went through the names in his memory, eliminating those he believed to be innocent. In the end, he zeroed in on the most likely suspects. 
The Wards or the Johnsons! 
The more Larry thought about it, the more possible it seemed to be true. In fact, he was almost convinced that it was them behind the events that night. 
“They really don’t know what’s best for them, do they?” murmured Larry softly to himself. 
Ever since Carl Johnson and Gabriella Ward plotted against him and Joan, Norton Corporation had suppressed the Wards and the Johnsons, causing both families to struggle as they tried to stay afloat. 
Nonetheless, it had never crossed Larry’s mind to kill or harm anyone. He just intended for them to suffer for a while so that they would repent. 
However, perhaps the two families did not agree. 
If I were hurt and Norton Corporation be thrown into chaos, they would have the opportunity to take a breather and start afresh. Perhaps that was why they had planned the assault.
Although that was a very likely theory, it was still a lot of guesswork. Without solid proof, Larry would never act hastily. 
“Caspian, I’m going to need your help again. Help me investigate the recent movements of the Wards and the Johnsons. Moreover, I also suspect that Gabriella and Carl were behind this,” instructed Larry. 
He paused for a second before continuing, “But this might not be an easy task. Since they had hired assassins, their identities would most likely be concealed. What happened today was intended to be a secret mission. As for how you are to carry out the investigation, I’ll leave that to you.” 
“No worries Boss, I’ll take care of it,” declared Caspian as he patted his chest in confidence. 
“Good. Give out the orders to everyone. Don’t do everything on your own since you’re injured. Leave the hands-on investigation to the men,” advised Larry. 
“Yes, Boss!” replied Caspian respectfully. The two continued to chat for a little while more before retreating to their own rooms. 
Norton Corporation was a powerful corporation with many connections. Along with the fact that Caspian had been known for his efficiency, it was no surprise when Caspian showed up at Larry’s room first thing in the morning to present what he had uncovered. 
“Morning, Boss. We haven’t gotten any solid proof, but we did find a lot of clues. Two days ago, Carl Johnson and Gabriella Ward met up in a restaurant. They seemed to be discussing something rather mysteriously, but no one caught what they were talking about. After Gabriella went back, she had used the forces of the Ward family to find out about your whereabouts.” 
Caspian paused and flip a page of his notes before continuing, “We got this information from the Wards. Even Landon Ward had no idea what Gabriella was up to, so it’s safe to say the Wards have
nothing to do with last night, and only Gabriella Ward is responsible,” remarked Caspian. “Other than that, we’ve discovered that Gabriella Ward had transferred a sum of two million to Carl Johnson, and Johnson had immediately transferred the money to another unknown account,” announced Caspian before continuing, “All these events happened the day before the incident.” 
Caspian looked up at Larry and tucked away his note. “One more thing. Carl Johnson had been seen asking about the details on hiring assassins when he was drinking with a bunch of thugs in a bar. That’s all we have so far.” 
With that being said, Caspian fell silent as he waited for Larry to speak. 
“That’s enough for us to safely conclude that it was Carl Johnson and Gabriella Ward who were responsible for this. On one hand, they probably hate us for ruining their reputation and therefore wanted to seek revenge. On the other hand, they would have wanted for me to be injured so their families can benefit from my absence.” Larry placed his hands on his chin as he expressed his thoughts. 
“If I were injured, some weight would be lifted from their households. I might even let them off the hook. And they thought that everything was carefully planned out. Hah!” Larry scoffed. “They’ve truly underestimated the power of Norton Corporation.” 
Larry analyzed the clues given by Caspian. He was now certain that the assault was planned by none other than Carl and Gabriella. 
“So, what’s next, Boss?”
###Chapter 1548
Chapter 1548 
After Larry had done speaking, Caspian immediately awaited the next order. 
“Carl Johnson might not be powerful, but he is cunning, cruel, and malicious. I have no doubt that it was him who came up with the plan and convinced Gabriella to help him. Gabriella probably agreed to do so as she caved in to the temptation,” commented Larry. 
No matter what, both of them should be severely punished. I have been kind enough, but not anymore. 
“Since you two love planning in the dark, let me show you what darkness really means.” Larry sneered before looking at Caspian. 
He then leaned forward to whisper in Caspian’s ear. Caspian nodded profusely in response. Reassuring Larry that he would get it done, Caspian turned and left. 
As the sun set on the next day, Carl showed up in his usual bar once again, downing shots repeatedly. 
He had received the news that the assassins he had hired to harm Larry and Joan not only failed their mission but were thrown into prison. 
Since he hadn’t revealed his identity, Carl wasn’t worried about the police coming for him. Nevertheless, he still felt utterly disappointed and depressed. 
After all, the plan that he had poured his heart and soul into had gone down the drain. 
Gabriella, the riches of the Ward family, the dreams of being the heir of the Johnsons, and all that he had hoped for once again slipped out from his grasps.
That thought alone was enough to dishearten Carl completely, which explained why he was drowning himself with alcohol. 
When he left the bar, Carl was thoroughly wasted. He could not even walk in a straight line as he swayed with each step he took. 
As usual, Carl stumbled through a secluded street. 
Just then, a few men emerged from the shadows. They grabbed Carl, covering his mouth as they dragged him into the darkest corner of the alley before tossing him onto the ground as if he were a sack of grains. 
Carl sobered up almost instantly. As he caught sight of the masked men cornering him, terror pulsed through his veins. 
“W-Who are you people? What do you want?” interrogated Carl at the top of his voice, hoping to boost his own confidence and draw the attention of passerby at the same time. 
“Who we are is none of your business, but the fact that you’ll soon forever be bound to a wheelchair sure is,” a low voice spoke out among the shadows. 
“No! You can’t do this to me! Do you know who I am?” 
Carl struggled in an attempt to escape, but the combination of fear and alcohol kept his knees weak and his feet nailed to the ground. 
“I’ll pay you! As much as you want! Just please, don’t hurt me!” begged Carl as he sobbed. Tears and snot streamed down his face as panic took over his body. 
“Whatever you say now would be of no use. It’s your fault for messing with someone you shouldn’t mess with. You have no one to blame but yourself, so you might as well give up.”
As he was speaking, the man in the middle gave a signal. Without missing a beat, the two men beside him grabbed Carl by his arms, lifting him up and pinning him to the wall, each on one side. 
Carl understood immediately who had sent those men after him. In that instant, he knew it was over for him. 
“No, please! Please, I was wrong, I’m sorry! Please let me go. I promise I will never… mff… mmmffff” 
Before Carl could finish his sentence, the men stuffed a ball of cloth into his mouth, muffling his words. 
“Ahhhh!” 
Even with his mouth fully stuffed, Carl’s still let out a full-fledged scream as excruciating pain shot through his body, his cries piercing through the silence of the alley. 
The blood-curdling screech echoed through the streets and made the hair of a few passersby stood on end. They couldn’t help but stop in their tracks, looking around with heightened senses before scurrying away, afraid to encounter anyone—or anything—they shouldn’t. 
Carl fell to the ground, unconscious. His breath uneven and rasp as he tried to hold on to the brink of his life. The men looked at each other and nodded before parting and disappearing once more into the shadows. 
Only Carl was left in the suffocating darkness. 
Not long after, police sirens blared across the alley as the police sealed off the area. 
An ambulance reached the scene shortly after and the paramedics rushed the almost lifeless body to the hospital.
“Have you heard? Carl Johnson had been attacked last night near the bar he frequents. I heard someone had broken his legs and severed his tendons. Looks like he would have to use a wheelchair for the rest of his life from now on!”
###Chapter 1549
Chapter 1549 
The incident quickly became the hottest gossip around town. It seemed to be the only thing everybody was talking about the next morning. 
“Carl Johnson? I’ve never heard of that name. Is he famous?” the other person asked. 
“Carl Johnson might not be very famous, but you definitely would have heard about what he has done. Remember the rumors regarding Mr. Norton and his fiancée, Joan Watts? That was all Carl’s doing.” 
“Oh, so that’s who he is. Please, that’s not fame, that’s notoriety. Even so, who would be so heartless to severe the tendons of his legs? That seems a bit too cruel…” 
“Who knows? He probably offended someone he can’t afford to cross.” 
“Say, do you think it could have been Larry Norton, the president of Norton Corporation? I mean, since Carl had framed him and his fiancée, it wouldn’t be a surprise if Mr. Norton had hired someone to do it as revenge.” 
“Shhh! Watch your tongue! You don’t want to offend anyone!” 
That was how most of the conversations of the public went. Unbeknownst to them, it really was Larry that ordered Caspian to carry out the brutal retaliation. 
Larry had asked Caspian to think of a fitting punishment for Carl, and that it would be best if Carl could never cause trouble for others ever again. Thus, Caspian ordered his men to severe the tendons of Carl’s legs. After Larry found out, he acquiesced. 
Since Carl Johnson was cruel enough to hire assassins to detach one of his and Joan’s arms, Larry had no reason to be merciful.
There were bound to be grey areas that would usually escape the sanction of the law. 
Just like this one. 
The night Carl had been taken to the hospital, the cops had already begun to investigate. 
At first, they had considered the case as attempted murder and had conducted a series of investigations and interrogations, but the buzz soon subdued and things started returning to normal. 
Once Carl was sent to the hospital, the surgeons had performed emergency surgery on him, preserving his life. However, as he did not receive immediate care after the incident, his severed tendons could not be rejoined, causing him to lose the ability to walk forever. 
When the doctors broke the news to Carl, the latter was in denial. Once the doctors reaffirmed him of the grim news, Carl broke down and wept, devastated. 
As the saying goes, you reap what you sow. Carl finally accepted his fate as bad karma after all the evil he had done. 
“It’s done, Boss,” announced Caspian respectfully as he entered Larry’s room. 
“All the clues and evidence of the incidence had been wiped out. Certain people had also been silenced. No one would ever know we were the ones behind the case.” 
“Good. Since people like Carl could not be apprehended by the law, we could only take care of him this way.” 
Larry nodded in satisfaction at Caspian. “Thank you for the trouble. Go get some rest. You deserve it.” 
Unexpectedly, Caspian remained in his position. “But Boss, what about Gabriella? That woman is just as cruel and wicked. Are we really not going to do anything about her?” questioned Caspian in a
cautious manner. 
To Caspian, Gabriella Ward was just as vicious as Carl Johnson. If she weren’t punished, it could lead to greater disasters. 
“Gabriella…” Larry groaned. “As of now, I haven’t been able to think of a fitting punishment for her. Any suggestions?” 
Every time Gabriella crossed his mind, Larry was sure to have a headache. Gabriella had crossed his bottom line so many times, yet Larry did not have any ideas on how he could teach her a lesson. If she were a man, Larry would certainly have her killed. 
Too bad she’s a woman. As vile and vicious as she was, Larry wouldn’t lay a hand on a woman. 
“Since you’re so conflicted, Boss, how about this?” interrupted Caspian as he saw the dilemma written on Larry’s face. 
“Oh, you have an idea? Tell me.” 
Not knowing what to do, Larry happily listened to Caspian’s suggestion. 
“Gabriella Ward has repeatedly defamed you and Ma’am. Not only did she sabotage Ma’am numerous times before, she even worked together with Carl to have you and Ma’am assassinated. If we don’t teach her a lesson, she could do something worse and potentially harm your loved ones. By then, you would be crying over spilled milk.”
###Chapter 1550
Chapter 1550 
Larry nodded. He’s right, Gabriella was a ticking time bomb. It doesn’t matter if she hurt me, but I’ll die in regret if she lays a finger on Joan. 
Larry remained silent as he knew Caspian had more to say. 
“Since she’s a fan of setting up traps for others, why don’t we give her a taste of her own medicine? I’d reckon it’s the best punishment for her. Let’s set her up with something so bad she wouldn’t be able to cause any more harm,” Caspiancontinued. 
“Since she likes to plot against Ma’am with Carl, why don’t we lure them into sleeping with one another and post the video clip on the Internet; she had used the same method to frame Ma’am after all, and karma’s a b*tch.” 
Although Cas’s plan was fairly simple, it was undoubtedly the best punishment for someone like Gabriella. 
Larry was satisfied with his plan as he quickly agreed. “Sounds good. Let’s go with your plan. It’s time she got a taste of her own medicine.” 
The corners of Larry’s mouth curled into a devilish smile. 
That’s what you get for hurting my loved ones. 
Gabriella was roaming around in a mall on a fine day. She was not there on an errand run nor did she buy anything, but merely wanted to relax. 
She had heard the news regarding Carl’s incident. He was seriously injured and became disabled. Carl’s news had served as a deterrent to Gabriella as she did not dare to do anything that would harm
others. Or else, she would become like Carl. 
Hence, Gabriella stayed under the radar as she kept herself at home and did not think of plotting against anyone. She was indeed traumatized by Carl’s incident. 
She knew for a fact that Larry was behind Carl’s incident. 
Gabriella could not sleep or eat well whenever she was reminded of the things she had done to both Larry and Joan for the past few days. She was worried Larry would come after her to avenge Joan. 
However, Gabriella slowly realized no one intended to come after her after living in fear for a few days. Thus, she decided to head to the mall to get some fresh air. 
Gabriella continued to walk forward absent-mindedly as her mind drifted towards her future plans. 
I don’t expect myself to marry Larry at this point. However, the Ward family’s at risk of falling apart. I’ll instantly lose my glamorous life if that happens. What should I do when the time comes? She thought to herself as she continued walking. 
She did not realize she had walked into a secluded area where there was little to no human traffic. 
She quickly walked towards a crowded area when she came to her senses as remote areas often made her anxious. 
When she was about to reach a crowded area, a hand appeared out of nowhere and slashed her on the neck. 
Before she could register what was happening, Gabriella’s vision went dark and she lost consciousness.
On the other hand, Carl had finally made peace with the fact that he could no longer walk after some time. 
He stayed home throughout this period as he planned his next step. 
He always thought that he’d be safe as long as he was home, yet he was proven wrong. 
He wanted to live a peaceful life for a short period on his own. 
Hence, his father sent him to one of the Johnson family’s manor to stay alongside two housemaids to take care of him. 
This day, a few men in black forced their way into Carl’s residence and made their way into his bedroom. 
Carl was terrified when he saw the men as flashbacks of when his legs were seriously injured hit him. He looked at them in fear as he thought to himself. Why’s this happening? I’ve just recovered slightly and yet something terrible had befallen me once again. 
Before he could shout for help, the men rushed to his side as they knocked him unconscious. Carl’s vision went dark as he fell to the ground. 
Moments later, he subconsciously touched his sore neck when he woke up. He looked up and suddenly realized that he was kidnapped.
###Chapter 1551
Chapter 1551 
He studied his surroundings and noticed that he was in an abandoned warehouse. 
Carl was extremely anxious as he tried to shout for help. However, all he heard was his own echo that resounded within the warehouse. 
He instantly gave up as he knew no one would come to his rescue at a deserted place like this. 
Carl did not care about life and death after experiencing the previous incident. 
Hence, he stopped shouting and waited in silence for the mysterious kidnaper to appear. 
At this moment, he noticed someone lying beside him. He looked at the person closely and was stunned. 
“Gabriella?” Carl murmured to himself. 
He was in the dark as to what the kidnappers wanted to do with him. 
Moments later, Gabriella slowly gained consciousness as she opened her eyes. She was equally stunned when her eyes fell upon Carl. 
Something clicked in her mind as she said angrily, “How dare you tried to kidnap me, Carl! Do you have a death wish? And to think I was worried about you!” 
Gabriella was very displeased. We are in the same boat. Yet, I can’t believe that you kidnapped me. 
“Excuse me? Could you take a better look around?” Carl answered. “I was kidnapped too.” 
Gabriella looked at him and the surroundings suspiciously and realized they were both tied up.
“This place,” she said as she continued to study the area. 
“Why’s it so familiar?” 
“Of course it was. It was the place where you kept Joan after you kidnapped her.” A voice said as three muscular men appeared. 
“Who’re you?” Gabriella asked in surprise as the men continued walking towards her. 
Gabriella shuddered in fear when she heard those words. 
“What do you want? Why’d you bring me here?” 
The leader among the trio smiled coldly and he stared at her and said, “Have you forgotten what you have done to Joan? My plan’s simple. I would like to finish what you didn’t back then.” 
The leader eyed Gabriella from top to bottom when he said those words. She shivered in fear when she caught sight of his stare. 
Gabriella instantly understood the purpose of these men and who sent them. 
“You guys- Were you sent by Larry?” 
She panicked as she was reminded of the things she had done to Joan. 
“I’d advise you not to mess with me. I’m the daughter of the Ward family. I’ll put you in jail if you lay a finger on me!” 
If they fed me the drug like how I did to Joan, then…
“Ms. Gabriella, I have to say, I didn’t think you’d be so naive. You don’t even know who we are. Even if you do, what can you possibly do? Do you have any proof? Well, don’t worry about that. We won’t leave a trace! Haha!” 
The leader laughed triumphantly as his eyes were burned with vengefulness. 
“No! Please, I beg of you! Don’t do this!” Tears streamed down Gabriella’s cheeks as she pleaded in fear. 
“Let me go! Please! I can pay you as long as you let me go! Just name the price!” 
“Money? Are you trying to bribe us as you did with the assassins?” 
“Well, sorry to disappoint but we’re not in this for the money.” The leader let out a cold laugh. 
“How’d you know I was responsible for that?” 
How did they know that I paid for the assassins? I didn’t involve myself in any of the plans after. 
“As the saying does, the day has eyes, the night has ears. What’s done by night appears by day. Hence, you should have given it a second thought before you did all those nasty deeds. You deserved this, Ms. William.” 
The trio smiled in satisfaction as the vicious woman in front of them would be punished very soon. 
“Well, what goes around comes around! Let’s do this, boys!” he ordered.
###Chapter 1552
Chapter 1552 
The two other men nodded as soon as their leader gave them the signal. They took out a bottle of an aphrodisiac drug as they walked towards Gabriella with a malicious grin. 
“No. Please, I beg of you! Let me go!” Gabriella begged for mercy. “I was wrong. Let me go, please! I promise I won’t do it again!” 
The men ignored her pleas as they forcefully opened her mouth and dunked the drug into her mouth. 
Retch…. 
Gabriella tried to resist them as they forced the drug into her mouth. However, she could not go against the strength of two men. Thus, she tried to spit out the drug but failed. 
“Enjoy your moment while it lasts, Ms. William.” 
The leader of the trio grinned widely, “Place the camera at a good angle and untie her before we leave!” 
The two men untied her and placed the camera at a place where she could not reach. 
Once they were done, the trio left them alone as they walked out of the warehouse and closed the door. 
“Open up! Please!” Gabriella ran to the warehouse door as she shouted and slammed the door with her fist violently. 
When the realization dawned that there was no point in doing so, she slowly sat on the ground in despair. She curled herself into a ball and started to shiver.
Carl was watching the entire incident unfold before him coldly. His nerves were gone when he understood the motives of the kidnappers. Instead, he felt a slight sense of excitement. 
Who knew my dream would come true in such a way! I must say, fate is on my side. I can regain the wealth and power that I once had as soon as I sleep with her. All I had to do now was patiently wait for the drug to take its effect. 
Gabriella, who was curled up in the corner, walked up to Carl after some time. 
She felt her body burning up, especially her lower abdomen. It was so hot she thought she might melt away any second. She gradually lost consciousness and her mind was filled with lust. 
She jumped on Carl as she began taking off her clothes. Then, she kissed him incessantly as her hands roamed ly across his body. 
Gabriella’s behavior immediately set off Carl’s sexual desire as he had been waiting for this moment for a long time. In fact, his sexual desire was even stronger than hers. 
The couple held each other tightly in their arms while the warehouse was filled with lustful desires and heavy breathing. 
The leader of the trio was annoyed at the sound that was coming from the warehouse. 
“Damn it! Both of you stay put! I need to get some fresh air. This job sucks!” 
The leader took off his mask and it turned out to be Caspian. 
Caspian groaned in annoyance as he knew he was the one who got himself into this. 
I thought it’d be a thrilling job. Who knew it’d be such a pain in the ass.
“If we weren’t doing this to punish Gabriella for the sake of Boss and Ma’am, I wouldn’t have done such a thing!” Caspian muttered dissatisfiedly. 
An hour later, Caspian was notified by his man that the deed was done. 
Caspian quickly hurried over as soon as he heard the news. 
When he got there, he saw Gabriella fully dressed as she stared at a distance blankly. She must be feeling devastated and wanted to end her life. Caspian thought. 
Whereas, Carl sat there calmly and seemed like he was deep in thought. 
“Well, it seemed like the show’s over. Hence, we’ll be off now. Here are your phones. So do contact someone to come get you.” Caspian teased with his mask on. 
Gabriella’s eyes were filled with hatred as she clenched her teeth and cursed, “You won’t get away with this! I’ll make you pay!” 
“I understand how’re you feeling. But, you can’t blame us for this. Hadn’t you been doing the same thing to others? Tell me, how does it feel to have a taste of your own medicine?” Caspian gloated.
###Chapter 1553
Chapter 1553 
“Ahh, before I forget, let me remind you both that the show isn’t over! I hope you’re excited for what comes next.” 
With that, Caspian and his men left. 
She stared in their direction as tears streamed endlessly. Everything that’s happened today seemed like a nightmare. Unfortunately, it was one that I’ll never wake up from. 
“Carl, why didn’t you stop me? You’re such a jerk!” She screamed as she vented her anger towards him. 
“Gabriella, I was doing you a favor! You wouldn’t be able to get off if I didn’t do so! Imagine what would happen next? Please, Gabriella, try to understand from my perspective!” Carl answered sincerely. 
Gabriella was disgusted as she watched him said those words with a straight face. 
“What? Did you forget that you acted even wilder than I was? Cut your gentleman crap with me. You’ll only make me feel sick!” 
Carl decided to change the topic and said, “Gabriella, let’s talk about this matter in the future. Don’t worry, I’ll take full responsibility for what has happened. The most important thing right now was to find a way to get out of here.” He said anxiously. 
“No sh*t, Sherlock! And I don’t need you to take responsibility for me!” She shot him a cold glance and ignored him. She then picked up her phone and contacted the Ward family for help. 
Carl also did the same as he called up his friend for help. Moments later, the Ward family arrived at the warehouse and picked up Gabriella while Carl left with his friend.
Both Gabriella and Carl went home with different emotions as they knew that things weren’t over yet. 
Sure enough, a video titled daughter of the Ward family domineering the heir of the Johnsons was uploaded to the Internet with millions of views. 
Both Gabriella and Carl who stayed away from the public’s eye had once again become the talk of the town in Marsingfill. Everyone was discussing this hot topic among one another. 
The public was very interested in the video clip based on the number of views. Even when the website was blocked, no one could seem to forget about it. 
Gabriella also watched the video clip. She was very embarrassed when she saw how crazy and shameless she was. 
What should I do now? How am I supposed to have a normal life now that this humiliating clip is out? I am the daughter of the Ward family and was exposed to doing such a shameless thing. I bet I’m a laughingstock to others now. She panicked. 
Suddenly, she received a call from Carl. 
A ball of fire burned within her when she saw the caller ID. She instantly answered the call angrily. 
“What do you want, Carl? I’m already in a miserable state, no thanks to you, Jerk!” Gabriella shouted in agony. 
I’m done for! My life’s over! 
“Gabriella, I didn’t want this to happen as well. However, since it has happened, I promise to take up the responsibility as a man. I love you. So, let’s get married!” Carl said passionately as if he didn’t care about her past.
“In your dreams, Carl! I’ll never marry you even if it costs me my life! Get over it!” Gabriella didn’t appreciate Carl’s affection towards her. Before Carl could say anything further, she hung up on him. 
Carl let out a cold laugh and said, “Stupid b*tch, what’s with the attitude when I’m just trying to be nice to you. I’ll make you pay once the time comes!” 
Carl was unfazed by Gabriella’s rejection and attitude. 
You’ll marry me in the end anyway because no one would want to marry a loose woman like you. I’ll treat you the same way you did to me, just worser. Carl thought to himself.
###Chapter 1554
Chapter 1554 
Once Gabriella hung up, she stared blankly at her phone for a long time. She was unsure of what to do. 
Then, she suddenly remembered her father, Landon. 
Yes, only he can help me now! He can use his power and prestige to minimize the negative effect of this matter. Then I should go to a place where no one knows to start a new life! I could marry a man as well as stop the bad deeds I have done in the past! 
Yes, that’s what I’ll do! Gabriella quickly went to her father as soon as she made up her mind. She believed he was the only one that could help her now. 
When Gabriella arrived at Landon’s study, she noticed that he was livid. She burst into tears and said, “Dad, please help me!” 
Landon was drowned in anger when Gabriella came to him. He could not believe his ears when his men told him that Gabriella was in trouble. He was unconvinced at first as Gabriella was home all this while. Thus, it was unlikely that she would have caused trouble. 
However, he was stunned when his men showed him the video clip. 
He smashed the laptop onto the ground as his eyes were filled with rage. 
Coincidently, Gabriella came to him at that moment. 
“Help you? How should I help you?” 
Landon’s emotion got the best of him when he saw Gabriella as he walked up to her and slapped her.
Slap! A visible handprint was seen on Gabriella’s cheek. Landon was still very furious when he had slapped her and raised his hand again. However, he hesitated and stopped when he saw her crying with eyes filled with desperation. 
“You rebellious girl! How could you have done such a thing! How am I supposed to help you?” Landon sighed heavily as his eyes were filled with despair. 
“Dad, only you can help me! Please! I know you can settle this matter with the power of the Ward family. I promise I won’t cause trouble anymore!” Gabriella cried loudly. 
She knew she had to cry a river so her father would choose to help her. 
“Our family was already in a precarious state and now something scandalous like this happened. We were already on the verge of bankruptcy and now we’ve also lost our reputable name.” 
Landon was in anguish when he said those words. The Ward family was a family of success, but now it was destroyed by the hands of his own daughter. 
“There must be a way! There must be! Dad, please, think of something! Please help me.” 
Gabriella observed Landon’s response closely and realized her only chance of saving herself from the pit of fire was slipping away. She quickly grabbed his arm helplessly and she continued to beg. 
“Well, there’s only one way to save the Ward family now.” Landon sighed as he looked at Gabriella uncomfortably. 
“What is it, Dad? Tell me!” A glimmer of hope had appeared as she quickly urged. 
“I’ll need your help, Gabriella. Only you can help the Ward family now.” He took a breath as if he had made his decision.
“Yes, of course. I’d do anything if it meant that I could help the Ward family. Anything, Dad! Tell me!” Gabriella said repeatedly. She understood that she’d have hope only if the Ward family was in a stable condition. 
“It’s simple. But you have to be prepared.” 
Landon let out a sigh and continued, “I’ll have to disown you. The Ward family’s reputation would then be saved when you’re no longer a member of this family. Similarly, the Ward family would have a second chance in rising again.” 
Landon didn’t dare meet Gabriella’s eyes as he lowered his head in shame. 
“What did you say, Dad?” 
Gabriella was stunned as she did not expect that her father planned to disown her.
###Chapter 1555
Chapter 1555 
“Gabriella, I really didn’t want to do this. It’s your fault that we’re in this hot water. I can no longer protect you with the current situation of the Ward family.” 
Landon was heartbroken when he saw Gabriella’s reaction. However, he had to do it for the sake of the Ward family. 
“Dad, this isn’t real, right? You’re lying, aren’t you! I’m your beloved daughter!” Gabriella’s voice trembled. She looked at her father as her heart shattered into pieces. 
“Gabriella, please forgive me. I really had no choice.” 
“I’ll host a press conference tonight and announced that you’re no longer a member of the Ward family. Hence, you should prepare yourself for it. Pack your things and leave the Ward family. I promised that I’ll restore your name once everything’s stable again.” 
Landon immediately left the study before Gabriella could respond. He could not bear to face her daughter’s disappointment as he was afraid he might change his mind. 
There’s no room for error now. Another mistake might lead to the end of the Ward family. Landon thought to himself as he stood in the hallway blankly. 
I thought Dad would help me get through this. Yet, who knew my most beloved father was the first to abandon me. 
“No!’ This isn’t real!” Gabriella shouted as her voice resounded through the entire compound of the Ward family.
What kind of father and daughter relationship is this? Where did all the love and affection go? It’s nothing in comparison to the family interest! 
“I hate you! I hate you all!” 
On the same night, Landon held a press conference as he invited every media in town. He decided to host an interview session to briefly speak about the recent economic crisis that the Ward family were facing. 
When one of the journalists asked how Landon intended to deal with Gabriella’s scandal, he announced shocking news. “After much consideration, I have decided to banish Gabriella from the Ward family. She’s no longer my daughter as well as a part of the Ward family. Her words and actions do not represent the Ward family nor do we share any sort of relationship!” 
Nevertheless, Landon had used the cruelest way to banish Gabriella from the family. 
There was a huge uproar among the community of Marsingfill as soon as the news was released. 
It was the first time in history that someone had publicly cut ties with their own daughter in Marsingfill. The people of Marsingfill were busy discussing among themselves as many different opinions surfaced. Some claimed that the Ward family was too cruel while others agreed that Gabriella should be punished for all the terrible things she had done in the past. 
Everyone had different opinions. However, the reputation of the Ward family was saved after the press conference was held. Everyone had their focus solely fixated on Gabriella as the Ward family was not involved. 
A source claimed that someone saw Gabriella leaving the Ward family with a suitcase the same night Landon broke the news. However, no one knew where she had gone to.
She was no stranger to the people in Marsingfill not only because of her renowned background but her countless scandals as well. Finally, she was punished for her bad deeds and disappeared from the public’s sight. 
Gabriella was now staying in a rented villa. Although she was driven out by the Ward family, she still refused to admit that she was now on her on. 
She still believed that she was the daughter of the Ward family. Thus, it was natural for her to indulge in a luxurious life. She couldn’t bring herself to rent a small place, but a villa instead. 
Gabriella’s heart was filled with despair when Landon announced the news. It was a feeling that no one would understand. 
Forget it, what had been done cannot be undone now. But life goes on, so I shall make it count. Besides, Dad did say he’ll regain her identity once the Ward family’s in a stable condition. Hence, I’ll look forward till that day comes.
###Chapter 1556
Chapter 1556 
Gabriella had gotten used to the life of overspending. Even now, she had yet to get rid of this habit of hers. 
Even though Landon had given her a large amount of money before he left, she soon almost finished spending it. 
In the beginning, Gabriella had some savings left, but she had spent a substantial amount hiring assassins with Carl and paying those people to keep things a secret. 
Back then, Gabriella had spent all of her savings. 
Now that she had none of Landon’s money left, she had to figure out how she was going to live without money. 
She was too used to her care life; Gabriella did not even know how to do basic housework, not to mention cooking for herself. 
The moment she found herself stuck in this situation, the first thought Gabriella had was to seek her friends’ help. 
In the past, the proud Gabriella would have never asked for help, but now, things were different. 
“Hey, Lulu? I’m Gabriella.” 
No longer the arrogant woman she was, Gabriella began chuckling when the call went through. 
“Oh, it’s Gabriella. How strange. Why would you think of calling me?” came the sarcastic voice from the other end of the line.
“I-I have a favor to ask. Don’t worry, Lulu. I’ll definitely return the favor in the future,” Gabriella continued as if she had not heard the tone of the other woman. 
“What is it? Speak your mind,” Lulu muttered nonchalantly. 
“Can you lend me some money? I’m really in need of some money now. I’ll definitely return it to you in the future,” Gabriella guaranteed. 
“Borrowing money? This isn’t like you, Ms. Ward. Aren’t you a conceited girl in the past? Didn’t you always ignore everyone? Does the high and mighty Ms. Ward need to borrow money from others now? Have you ever thought of a day like this when you were mocking me back then? Let’s put aside the fact that I won’t ever lend you any money first. Even if I did, how are you going to give the money back to me? Do you really think you’re still the beloved daughter of the Wards? Sober up. You’re nothing now.” 
With a bitter look on her face, Gabriella awkwardly mumbled, “All right, then. Lulu, I’ll be getting out of your way now.” 
Gabriella swiftly ended the call, not wanting to endure the humiliation a second longer. 
She had always been a proud individual. Even if she was now a down-and-out socialite, she did not want to beg for anything from anyone. 
However, she still needed help from others; she did not know what else to do. 
Mustering her courage, Gabriella then made another call, “Jemma, I need your help with something. I was wondering if you can—” 
“Lend you some money? Hahaha! I’m sorry, Gabriella. Lulu called me earlier, telling me that the dear Ms. Ward was asking if she could borrow money from her. I didn’t believe in her at the start, but now I
do. Gabriella Ward, you brought this upon yourself. I won’t lend you the money. I’d rather throw them into the sea than to give them to an ingrate like you.” 
With that said, Jemma ended the call. 
“Kelsi, I’m a little short of money recently. Can you lend some to me? I’ll definitely give it back to you in a while. Trust me.” 
“Gabriella, I know you’re in some difficult times now, but I really don’t have the money. I’ve used them all on plastic surgery. I’m sorry. Next time. When I have money in the future, I’ll definitely lend you some.” 
“Thank you, Kelsi. I’ll end the call, then.” Gabriella ended the call. 
How can she not have the money? She just doesn’t want to give it to me, the girl who’s no longer the rich daughter of the Wards. 
A bitter smile crept upon Gabriella’s face. It was then she realized she had no true friends; they were all only interested in her status. Even if they put on a friendly demeanor when they interacted with her, Gabriella realized they must have despised her. 
Maybe I used to have real friends, Gabriella thought sullenly. But I chased them all away myself.
###Chapter 1557
Chapter 1557 
Seeking help from her friends was no longer a viable option; no one would help her, the one who once looked down on them all. If she kept this up, she would only humiliate herself. 
Left without a choice, Gabriella went to look for a job. 
While she had the educational qualifications, Gabriella did not have any working experience. Moreover, she had no talents of her own. 
As Landon’s only daughter, Gabriella had always been the cherished daughter of the Wards. Everyone thought Gabriella would one day marry into a rich family; they never thought she would end up looking for a job of her own. 
Gabriella had no practical experience, and she could not even grasp the theories. All she had was a piece of paper to show others her educational qualifications. Hence, her job search was met with failure, again and again. 
It was until someone finally gave Gabriella a chance. 
Gabriella received a call from a company, telling her she had passed the first test. After discussing details with the company, she could then go to work. 
Gabriella was overjoyed. Never in her life would she have thought that there was a day she would be as thrilled as this to have found a job. 
Without hesitation, Gabriella went to the company. 
The one who greeted her was a pot-bellied, plump, and ugly man.
The moment Gabriella sat down, the man’s eyes lit up and nearly drooled. 
She was perplexed when she saw him. This isn’t the one who interviewed me that day. 
However, she still politely queried, “May I know if you’ll be the interviewer today?” 
The man froze before he hastily said, “That’s right. I’m the interviewer for the day. However, you seemed quite well. You’ve passed. You can come to work starting tomorrow.” 
“Really?” 
Gabriella was delighted to hear his words. Although she was uncomfortable with the way the man was staring at her, his words were pleasant to Gabriella’s ears. 
When the man saw how excited she was, he, too, became excited. 
“It seems like this job is important to you,” the man hummed. 
“That’s right. It’s very important to me,” Gabriella said as she beamed. 
With this job, I’ll be able to pay for my bills as long as I save up. 
The man continued, “Our company pays well, and there is a high monthly commission. Most importantly, it’s easier than other jobs. As long as you’re sensible, I’m sure you’ll earn a lot.” 
“May I know what the job details are?” Gabriella eagerly asked. 
She was still nervous. This was her first job and the start of her life. 
“You’ll be my secretary, and you’ll be taking care of what I need in life.” A perverted grin then emerged on the man’s face.
However, Gabriella did not understand the hidden meaning of his words. I know about secretaries, but why do they have to take care of his needs in life? 
When she voiced the questions out loud, the man’s grin grew wider. 
“Let me teach you now, then. Learn to the best of your abilities, babe.” 
The man then came closer to Gabriella and began unbuckling his belt. 
It was then Gabriella realized what was going on. This was not a job; the perverted man was interested in her and wanted her for himself. 
“Come, babe. I’m ready. Don’t you need money? I can give you lots and lots of money, as long as you’re a sensible girl.” 
A lewd smile appeared on the man’s face. 
“I don’t want this job anymore,” Gabriella snapped. “I’m leaving now.” 
She thought she had finally gotten a good job; she had not anticipated that things would turn out this way. 
“Don’t go, babe. I can give you any amount of money you want, as long as you agree to my requests.” 
Right then, the man reached out to touch Gabriella’s face, but the latter nimbly avoided it. 
“I don’t want your disgusting money! I just want a job. Keep your hands to yourself!” Gabriella roared. 
Shameless people like him sickened her. 
“Let go! Let go of me right now!”
Gabriella tried her best to struggle out of his grasps, but her efforts were to no avail.
###Chapter 1558
Chapter 1558 
Slap! Gabriella gave the man a hard slap. 
“Have you no shame?” 
Furious from Gabriella’s slap, the man raised his hand to return the slap. The force of it sent her falling toward the ground. 
“Since you won’t appreciate my kindness, I’ll do it myself. It’s the same at the end of the day, anyway.” 
The man then lifted Gabriella to place her on the office desk, about to tear her clothes away. 
“No! Don’t! Let go of me! Help!” 
Gabriella flew into a panic. When she looked at the disgusting man who nauseated her, she felt as if she had been plunged straight into hell. 
Gabriella flung her hands around in desperation, but she could fight against the man’s strength. Right as desolation was about to overtake her heart, she abruptly touched something solid. It was an ashtray. 
Suddenly finding strength in her arms, Gabriella then smashed the ashtray onto the man’s head. 
“Ah!” 
With a shriek, the man collapsed onto the ground with his hands holding onto his head. 
Gabriella stared at the man in agony for a few moments. Blood was gushing past his fingers and down his face. She was terrified. It took her a few moments before she recollected herself enough to think about escaping. The moment she did, she stumbled her way out of the office.
The entire way back to her rented villa, Gabriella could hear her rapid heartbeats in her ear. Only when she stepped into the safety of her house, then could she finally calm down. Recalling what had just happened, she thought, That man should be fine. He’s only bleeding badly because it’s a head wound. His life won’t be in any danger. With those thoughts, Gabriella’s heart returned to her chest from her throat. 
However, she still had not found a job yet. She was a talentless person in this complicated and tough society; she was worse than an ordinary person. It seemed like selling her looks was the only way for her to make a living. 
However, Gabriella’s ego refused to let her do that. No matter what happened, she was once the daughter of the Wards; she would not let herself become the plaything of others. 
As she grabbed her head in frustration, Gabriella realized she could not do anything. She was trapped between choosing between life and dignity. 
Just as she was stuck in a dilemma, Carl called. 
When she saw the familiar number, Gabriella accepted the call, wanting to find out what else he had to say to her. 
“Gabriella, I’m Carl. How are you?” came Carl’s concerned voice. 
Somehow, his words made Gabriella tear up. 
She could not believe that Carl would be the one who would voice words of concern to her at her most upsetting moment. 
“I’m fine, Carl. What’s the matter?” Gabriella inquired with faked tranquility.
Despite her calm tone, thousands of thoughts were flashing past her mind. 
“Gabriella, stop lying. I know life is horrible for you now. I’m really upset that this has happened to you. I love you so much to the point my heart breaks when I see you sad. I wanted to court you when you were still the esteemed daughter of the Wards, but I didn’t have the courage to. You were like the sun, and a peasant like me could never be a match for you. But, Gabriella, you didn’t understand what my feelings for you were back then. You didn’t know whether or not my feelings for you were sincere. I’m sure you know now, don’t you? I love you. Please accept me!” 
Carl’s voice was so earnest, and it was as if he was going to show her his heart just to convince her. 
“What do you mean?” 
Carl’s words moved Gabriella. She was in the darkest moment of her life, and his words were like glowing fireflies, lighting up her heart. 
“What I mean is, Gabriella, marry me. I can understand why you won’t accept me when you were in your prime moments. After all, you were brilliant back then. However, in times like these, I hope you can accept me so that I can take care of you. I don’t want to see you suffer anymore.” 
When he heard Gabriella wavering, he decided to win her heart over once and for all.
###Chapter 1559
Chapter 1559 
“Will you still accept me? I’m no longer the great princess. Now, I’m even worse than an average person. I can’t even do housework. Will you still think of me as someone great?” 
Gabriella’s voice was trembling. Carl’s words made tears brimmed in her eyes. 
Adoration filled Carl’s voice as he pleaded, “I will. The one I love is you and not your identity as the Wards’ daughter. You might not have believed it back then, but I’m sure you do now. Gabriella, marry me!” 
As she listened to Carl’s proposal, tears finally escaped Gabriella’s eyes and streamed down her cheeks. 
She never thought Carl, the one she once looked down on and detested, would choose to propose to her when she was at the hardest time of her life. I’ve always misunderstood him. He really does love me. 
A warm sensation seeped into her heart at that thought. Although he was not excellent—he was even disabled now—what Gabriella needed now was a family who could protect her and a man who would worry about her. 
Right as she was about to speak, Carl continued, “Gabriella, I know I’m not good enough for you. I lost the use of my legs because of some things in the past, and I really am not worthy of you. But still, I hope you can accept me. Please consider it, Gabriella. If you want me, I’ll come and pick you up at your place tomorrow. Let’s go back to my house. Let’s go back to a place where you’ll be loved.” 
“I don’t need to consider it. I do. I’ll come with you!” 
By then, Gabriella was already sobbing, her defenses having broken down by Carl.
Carl could give her everything she wanted. Why would she not say yes to him? 
“That’s great, Gabriella. I’m so happy. I didn’t think you’ll accept me; I thought you were going to reject me without hesitating.” 
The joy was audible in Carl’s voice. It was a day he had been waiting for long. 
“How can I? I’m glad that you don’t think I’m a burden now.” 
Gabriella heaved a heavy sigh. After experiencing so many things, she realized she had changed the way she saw things. 
She was no longer the vain and prideful Gabriella. Now, she was just an ordinary woman who craved a blissful, stable life. 
“Gabriella, prepare yourself, then. I’ll be picking you up from your place tomorrow. We’ll go to the Johnsons before we discuss further marriage,” Carl said to her. 
“Okay. I’ll pack up and wait for you,” Gabriella cooed. 
I’m going to finally have a family of my own and a man who loves and will protect me. We’ll have a happy life ahead of us. 
Blissful fantasies began filling Gabriella’s mind. For a moment, she felt as if her happily-ever-after was standing right in front of her. 
Meanwhile, after Carl ended the call, the smile on his face dropped. 
“Gabriella, you’ve finally stopped rejecting me. However, do you really think I have those feelings for you? You’re only my plaything. Once we’re married, I’ll pay back a thousand times the humiliation you forced me to endure.”
Once Carl had achieved his aim, he took off his sheep’s clothing and bared his fangs. He still loved Gabriella, but it was no longer the same love as the love he used to have. 
In the past, she was the goddess he could never have. Although he wanted her, he knew it was an impossible dream of his. 
It was no longer the same. Carl only wanted her body now. He only craved the excitement of dragging a goddess down the pedestal and turn her into a mortal like him; he only wanted to take revenge on Gabriella for looking down on him and humiliating him. 
That night, Gabriella contacted the owner of the villa to get a refund on her rental. After packing all of her things, she quietly waited for Carl to come. 
The next morning, Carl arrived as promised.
###Chapter 1560
Chapter 1560 
“Gabriella, I’m here.” 
Carl had dressed himself up that day. He was wearing a suit, and there was a polite smile on his face. To Gabriella, he even looked handsome. 
Once upon a time, Gabriella detested him and wished he would never appear in her line of sight. Now, not only did Gabriella not find Carl detestable, but she even found herself starting to like him. 
When Carl saw her, he could not help but say, “You’re beautiful, Gabriella.” 
He had to admit that Gabriella was born with pretty features. Now, she no longer wore expensive clothes nor put on heavy makeup. 
However, without those, she was still beautiful. For a moment, Carl was lost in a daze staring at her. 
What kind of thrill will I feel when I have a pretty woman like her under me? 
As that thought surfaced in his mind, various fantasies came along with it. Even Carl’s desire was crying out for her. 
To avoid her noticing it, he swiftly took in a deep breath to tamp it down. 
Carl’s praises made Gabriella shy. She quickly lowered her head, not daring to look at him in anxiety. 
“Gabriella, have you prepared your things?” he asked as he continued staring at her. 
“Yes. I’ve packed everything, so we can leave anytime,” Gabriella murmured. 
“Okay, then. Let’s go. Let’s go to the Johnsons’ place; back to our home,” Carl said with a smile.
Back to our home? 
Carl’s words made Gabriella’s face flush red. 
I finally have a home. A place where I won’t be hurt; a place where I can let my guard down, was what Gabriella naively thought. 
After asking someone to place all of Gabriella’s luggage into the car, Carl said, “Let’s go home, Gabriella.” 
With that said, the people then lifted Carl into the car. 
At that, Gabriella hurriedly entered the car. The two then headed to the Johnsons’ place. 
“Caspian, what’s your relationship with Larry?” Joan could not help but ask. 
After the earlier assassination attempt, Joan had clung to Caspian, hoping to find out more about Larry from Caspian. However, Caspian was good at keeping secrets; he revealed nothing to Joan. 
“Stop asking. No matter what you do, I won’t say anything.” 
Caspian tried to escape, but Joan was swift to grab his sleeve. 
“Just say something! I really want to know. Can’t you just give me a little tidbit?” Joan whined as she tugged on Caspian’s arm. 
Unfortunately, no matter how insistent she was, Caspian refused to tell her anything about Larry. It made her frustrated. 
“Ma’am, Boss has told me not to reveal any of his past to you, or else he’s going to break my legs. Let me off the hook! I’m still young; I don’t want to die now!” Caspian cried out.
However, Joan was as clingy as bubblegums. No matter what he did, he could not get rid of her. Most importantly, she was someone he could not lay a finger on. 
If she were someone else, Caspian would have kicked her away in seconds. However, this was Joan. If he dared to do anything to her, he would be sent straight to his maker. 
“Fine.” 
Deflated, Joan finally stopped asking after multiple failed attempts to obtain any information from him. 
“Hmph! I’ll ask Larry myself,” she huffed as she headed toward Larry’s study instead. 
Staring at her retreating figure, Caspian breathed a sigh of relief. If she had continued questioning him, he would have gone mad eventually. 
Now that Joan was off to pester Larry instead, Caspian fled the scene in joy. 
Upon reaching the study, Joan spotted Larry, who was buried in his work. 
After deciding that it was best for her not to interrupt the man focused on his work, Joan sat down beside him quietly. Then, she gazed at his perfect side profile. 
As she stared at him, her thoughts drifted.
###Chapter 1561
Chapter 1561 
“What’s the matter? Is there something on my face?” 
Larry’s voice startled her out of her thoughts, and when she looked up, their eyes met. 
“No. I was just thinking of something,” Joan replied with a smile. “Are you done with work? If you’re not, you can continue. I have nothing to do, so I’m fine with just sitting here.” 
She knew Larry was busy with his work, so she was understanding. Joan never insisted on Larry to spend more time on her, nor did she interrupt him while he was working. 
Staring at him, Joan thought, is more than enough for me. 
“I’m done. I was dealing with the Wards’ matter earlier,” Larry calmly said. 
However, his gaze was fixed on Joan, as if he could not get enough of seeing her. 
“The Wards? What is it?” Joan queried. 
She knew about Gabriella’s incident. Although Gabriella now had a terrible life, Joan could not find it in herself to feel pity for her. 
What goes around comes around. 
For her not to hate Gabriella nor make her life difficult was already an act too kind from Joan. After all, what the former had done to Larry and her was almost unforgivable. 
“Landon Ward called last night, asking for our forgiveness,” Larry continued. “He said this is all Gabriella’s fault and that he had lost his mind back then because of her words. Now, he knows that
he’s in the wrong, and he’s hoping that we can forgive him. Also, he said he’ll be compensating for our loss.” 
“I see,” Joan muttered with a nod. “If this was all Gabriella’s fault, should we forgive the Ward family then? They’re already having a hard enough time.” 
Joan knew what the Norton Corporation was doing to the Ward family. 
Nevertheless, she did not think that there was anything wrong with what the Norton Corporation was doing. Since the other party was the one to provoke them, Joan thought it was normal for them to punish them in return. 
Now that the Wards were offering their apologies, Joan’s kind heart revealed itself; she immediately began putting in a good word for them. 
After all, Gabriella was already disowned by the Wards, and the Wards had paid a large price for their mistake. 
“Yes, I think so too. The Wards weren’t really the ones who made the mistake, and I don’t plan to drive them to the edge of the cliff. I’m actually quite satisfied with how the Wards had dealt with the matter. Well, then. Let’s let the Wards off the hook now,” Larry stated with a nod. 
Promptly, he called to tell his subordinates to stop targeting the Ward Group and let them do as they pleased from then on. 
“What? What do you mean by someone is here to discuss a business deal with us? Who’s that brave individual? Didn’t the Norton family get rid of all our business partners?” Landon whispered in disbelief as he sat in his office.
“Mr. Ward, it’s true. It isn’t just one; several companies are contacting our company, hoping to collaborate with us,” the general manager of Ward Group assured Landon. 
“Why? What happened?” 
Landon would never believe that the companies would look for theirs without a good reason. Something must have happened. 
However, no matter how hard Landon mulled over it, he came up with no answers. 
“Norton Corporation has accepted our apology and stopped targeting us. That’s why various companies are hoping to collaborate with us again,” the general manager explained. 
“That’s great news! God is really still on our side!” 
Landon threw his head back to laugh boisterously. The Ward Group had been stuck on the verge of death for what seemed like eons, and Landon had done everything to save the Ward family. In fact, he even used his savings to salvage the family and the company. 
Right as despair was about to overwhelm him, good news arrived. 
The Wards were finally going to get better. 
But the daughter I love… 
Landon sighed. Guilt surged in his chest whenever he thought about his daughter.
###Chapter 1562
Chapter 1562 
A peaceful moment finally came to the lively Marsingfill. 
As always, Norton Corporation was the leading company in the city. Both Larry and Joan had a sweet and peaceful life. At the same time, Ward Group slowly returned to its original stability. 
As Larry did not plan to settle the score with the Johnson family, they remained the same. 
The only change they had was that a new member joined them. 
That day, Gabriella engaged Carl. 
The Johnsons were no prominent family, but the engagement ceremony was still a vibrant one where many friends and family came to witness the event. 
At the end of the day, Gabriella and Carl became a family despite their complicated past. 
With everybody’s blessing, the two exchanged rings. From then on, Gabriella was Carl’s fiancée. 
“We’ll have a good future,” Gabriella mumbled to herself as hope filled her eyes. 
She wanted to have a peaceful and blissful life from then on; she was tired of setting people up and getting set up. 
If Carl could read Gabriella’s mind, he would have laughed at her for being too naive. 
You’ve hurt me so many times. Now, you’re the fish on my chopping board. 
Gabriella, Gabriella. This is only the start of your living hell. 
The bright smile on Carl’s face concealed the cruel look that flitted across his eyes.
Half a month after the engagement, the two then held a wedding. 
The guests at the wedding were all relatives and friends of the Johnsons. There was no way Gabriella’s family members could attend her wedding, and she had no genuine friends of her own. Even the bridesmaids were friends of Carl. 
As Gabriella walked down the red carpet in a white dress, a radiant smile was on her face. 
This was the first time she wore a wedding dress, and it would be her last. 
Like all women, she looked forward to her bright future. That day, Gabriella became Carl’s wife. 
That was also the day her miserable life in the Johnson family began. 
On the next day after their wedding. 
Gabriella slowly woke. When she looked at Carl, who was still sleeping, she wondered if she was dreaming. Everything seemed surreal. 
She then leaned closer into Carl’s arms. That was the only way she would feel a sense of security. 
Sensing movement by his side, Carl woke. When he saw Gabriella in his arms, he smiled. 
“Dear, were you happy last night?” 
When he thought about the maniacal activity they engaged in the previous night, Carl’s breathing turned heavy. 
His words made Gabriella blushed. She, too, recalled her desperate actions last night. Promptly lowering her head, she shyly said, “How can you ask me in that way?” 
“So, were you happy?”
Carl’s smile widened. It seemed like he was adamant about finding out what her answer was. 
“Yes,” came her reply after a moment of hesitation. 
At the same time, she nodded as a blush crept to the tips of her ears. 
When Carl looked at the woman in front of him, a victorious sense filled his heart. 
She was once the goddess he could never get, but now, she was looking meek in front of him. It inflated his ego. 
Turning around to pin her under him, he then roughly kissed Gabriella. Once again, the two engaged in vigorous activity. 
After that, Gabriella leaned on Carl’s chest. Carl had been rough with her, and her lips were swollen. 
Even a while after that, her body still ached. There was no trace of gentleness as he previously promised. Instead, it felt as if he had been vengeful. 
Instead of dwelling on that thought, Gabriella asked, “Carl, do you love me?” 
“Do you want to hear the truth?” 
Carl smiled, but there was a hint of something else in that smile.
###Chapter 1563
Chapter 1563 
“Of course I want to hear the truth.” 
Quietly, she lay in his arms, waiting for him to whisper sweet nothings to her. 
“The truth is,” came Carl’s abruptly loud voice. “I’ve never loved you. Not before, and certainly not in the future.” 
Finally, on that day, Carl revealed his true self. 
Gabriella froze for a second. Then, she whined, “I’m serious. Stop joking.” 
“I’m serious too. Look at me.” 
Staring into her eyes, Carl enunciated, “I have never loved you.” 
When Gabriella saw the hatred and malice in his eyes, her eyes widened in disbelief. 
“Why? Why don’t you love me? Why did you marry me then?” Gabriella mumbled to herself. 
She could not bring herself to believe in his words at all. 
“At the start, I only loved you for your body. I wanted to find out what it felt like to have an arrogant woman like you under me. Most importantly, I want to get the Wards’ assets, and that’s why I want to become the Wards’ son-in-law. You’re the only and beloved daughter of the Wards, why won’t your father give me all of your family’s assets? But who knew everything would go wrong? Not only did the Wards nearly go bankrupt, but that old man Landon even kicked you out of the Ward family. My dreams are dashed, but it’s fine. This way, I can win you over easier and make you my plaything. Honestly, I wanted to spoil you and give you a good life in the beginning, but the way you looked down at me hurt
my dignity. Therefore, I want to take revenge on you, and I want to make sure you can’t escape it. That’s why I married you.” 
Carl was smug, for he had achieved his goal. 
“Why? I’m already in this state. Why won’t you let me off?” Gabriella muttered. 
Carl’s words were a sharp knife that stabbed repeatedly in her heart; it shredded her heart, which had just begun beating again. 
“Why? You deserve this!” 
Carl’s face was twisted in anger. “If you didn’t do all those horrible things, why would this happen to you? I don’t even have my legs anymore, but this is such a light punishment for you. You should feel grateful for this. However, this punishment of yours will last the rest of your life. Hahaha!” 
Ever since Carl lost the use of his legs, he had gone insane. He wished everyone would be as miserable as he was. The more melancholic they were, the happier he was. 
Gabriella’s heart sank. 
She thought she had found a love of her own, far from the complicated life she used to have. Yet, this was now just a wishful thought of hers. 
Yet, she had no choice but to submit to her fate. 
As time went by, Joan’s stomach grew bigger. 
By then, she was already four months pregnant. 
A while back, Joan had already left her job at Opulent Designs. She wanted to rest for her pregnancy.
Whenever he was , Larry would return to keep Joan company. 
“Joan, I’m back.” 
After work, Larry rushed home. When he saw Joan reading books about child-raising, he could not help but laugh. 
“Joan, you’re only four months pregnant. No rush in reading them now,” Larry softly said as he walked over to her. 
“I have nothing else to do at home anyway. I never took care of children before this, so I have no experience with raising a kid. I’ll have to depend on these books in the future.” 
When Joan spoke, she did not turn to look at him; she remained focus on the book in her hands. 
Sitting down on the couch, Larry then pulled Joan into his arms. When he looked at her side profile, he smiled.
###Chapter 1564
Chapter 1564 
“My kid’s already stealing my wife’s attention from me before they’re being born. Once the baby’s born, doesn’t that mean I’ll have no place in my wife’s heart?” Larry exclaimed dramatically. 
Upon hearing that, Joan put down the book in her hands. “How old are you? Why are you jealous of your kid? Aren’t you childish?” 
“I don’t care. Other than when you’re taking care of the kid, the rest of your time is mine. No one can steal you from me.” 
Larry was like a kid defending his dignity; he refused to let an unborn baby win against him. 
“Okay, okay. Whatever you say it is.” 
Joan relented, not wanting to continue arguing with the childish man. 
“By the way, Larry, shouldn’t we check whether our baby’s a girl or a boy now?” Joan pointed out. 
“Yes, but is that important to you?” Larry replied with a chuckle. 
“Of course it is. I can only read more in-depth after finding out whether our baby’s a girl or a boy.” 
What if I find out too late about the baby’s gender? What if I’ve been preparing for a daughter but the baby turns out to be a boy? What will I do if the boy grows up like a girl? 
Ever since Joan was pregnant, she was alarmingly alert with her motherly instincts. It got to the point Larry was fearful. Joan was often going on and on about which foods she could not eat and what activities she could not do. Larry was speechless.
Thinking that it was better if they did a checkup, Larry agreed, ”If so, we’ll do a checkup sometime soon. After that, we can tell Mom and Dad about it.” 
“Yes, I’d like to go back to my parents’ place too. It’s been a long time.” 
After all those things that had happened, Joan had yet to go home to visit her parents. Although it had been peaceful for a while, Joan had been preoccupied with the thoughts of her child. Hence, the thought of visiting her parents did not cross her mind. 
At that, Joan could not help but feel guilty. 
“Okay, we’ll do a checkup in the hospital tomorrow. I’m these few days, so let’s stay at Mom and Dad’s place for the next few days,” Larry said as he looked at Joan lovingly. 
“Yes, yes!” 
Joan was delighted when she heard that they were going to her parents’ house. 
Clearly, despite the quiet moments, Joan was bored at home. Therefore, she was thrilled to be able to get out of the house. 
“Dear, you must be hungry. Let me cook something for you.” 
Realizing that it was getting late but the two had yet to eat, Joan hastily got to her feet, about to head to the kitchen. 
“Sit there. I’ll prepare the food instead.” 
Larry hurriedly stopped her and motioned for her to sit. 
“You’re going to cook?”
Somehow, Joan was nervous when she heard Larry was going to cook for her. When she thought about the dishes he made a while back, she could not help but shudder. Even the sight of his dishes had been terrible. 
“I’ll do it. It’ll be a quick one, so I won’t be tired.” 
Joan knew Larry was afraid that cooking would tire her out, and that was why he volunteered to cook. However, Joan still found it best that she rejected his offer. 
The reason was simple. Even if she could eat his cooking, the baby in her could not. What if my baby won’t eat properly in the future? 
Larry saw all the expressions that flitted across Joan’s face. He knew his horrifying cooking from the previous time had traumatized Joan. Thus, she dared not let him in the kitchen. 
However, after the previous time, Larry had been practicing cooking. He often studied recipes, and now, his cooking was unlike before. 
“Let me. Give me a chance to prove myself. What happened last time won’t happen again.”
###Chapter 1565
Chapter 1565 
Larry was confident as he patted his chest while giving her a guarantee. 
At his confident look, Joan reluctantly agreed. 
I shouldn’t insist. He seems to mind this a lot. 
“Okay. I trust you to succeed in this,” Joan said encouragingly. “But I’ll still be in the kitchen with you. I won’t do anything; I’ll just stand by the side and watch you.” 
Joan felt that there was a need for her to watch Larry cook. That way, she would be able to salvage the dishes he could not, and therefore, prevent him from feeling embarrassed if he failed. 
“Okay. Let’s go,” Larry swiftly uttered. 
With a smile, Joan followed him into the kitchen. 
Once Larry entered the kitchen, he started taking out the ingredients after putting on an apron. Meanwhile, Joan was watching quietly from the side. 
Tomatoes, potatoes, eggs, and meat. 
It was then Joan realized that Larry was going to make the same dish he made the other time. It seemed like he truly wanted to prove himself to her. 
Then, when Larry began cutting the ingredients, Joan was stunned by the skillful way he did it. 
It was almost as if Larry was showing off his knife skills rather than just cutting the food.
Joan was sure that, without at least eight years of experience, there was no way anyone could show off skills like those. 
Hence, that was why Joan was stunned. It was only a month or two since he started cooking. 
It was an astounding improvement. 
In a mere few minutes, Larry was done preparing the ingredients. All that was left was for him to display his cooking prowess. 
Joan was at a loss for words when she saw how familiar he was with everything in the kitchen. She had followed him into the room, planning to help him out. 
However, Larry’s cooking was evidently better than hers now. It would seem like a joke if she were to lend a helping hand to him now. 
Minutes tick away. Soon, Joan recomposed herself and silently watched Larry busy himself. 
Despite having an apron on him, he still looked as handsome as ever. Not only did it not ruin his overall noble temperament, but it even added a touch of gentleness to him. 
Joan could not tear her eyes away. 
My man’s the greatest, was what she thought happily. 
“Okay, it’s done,” came Larry’s voice. “Are you ready to try them out?” 
Joan snapped her head in Larry’s direction. The only dish he had yet to make was the soup. 
“Coming,” Joan quickly replied when she saw Larry serving the last dish onto the table. Once she grabbed the utensils, she walked over.
“Smells amazing,” she could not help but praise. 
The moment she sat down at the table, the fragrant scents of the dishes rushed into her nose. 
“Really? You’re not just trying to console me like the last time, are you?” 
Larry chuckled, but he was still a little unhappy about the previous incident. In a way, it was like a humiliating event in his life. 
“I’m serious. I’m truthful this time.” Joan chuckled as well. “You’re amazing to be able to cook something as wonderful as this on your second try.” 
Right then, a thought entered her mind, and she asked tentatively, “Is this really your second try? Was the previous attempt your first?” 
“Of course it was my first try back then. However, this isn’t my second try. I’ve been experimenting and practicing while you’re away.” 
There was a delighted grin on Larry’s face, and it seemed like he was satisfied with the way how Joan was pleasantly surprised. 
“But the way you cut the food earlier was as though you’ve been in the kitchen for a long time,” Joan remarked, feeling confounded. 
Of course, I’ve been using the knife for a long time, just not in the kitchen. 
However, that was something he would not tell Joan. Instead, he lied, “That’s because I’m talented. I’m the only one who can learn that well in such a short time. How is it? Aren’t I impressive?”
###Chapter 1566
Chapter 1566 
As Larry was immersed in pride, Joan couldn’t help but mock, “Why are you such a narcissist? But to be fair, you’re awesome.” She also commended him sincerely. 
Larry was on cloud nine with her compliment. 
“Let’s dig in,” Larry said to Joan while handing over a fork and a spoon to her. 
Joan took the cutlery from him. As she was nearly drooling over the food, she quickly picked up some shredded potatoes and began eating. 
“Wow, this is delicious!” Her eyes glowed after chewing the food for a while. “Try this. It’s really delicious.” 
Joan had turned into a glutton. After asking Larry to try the food, she basically ignored him since then and focused entirely on trying different dishes. 
Meanwhile, Larry felt an inexplicable stirring of pride. 
Besides, he was relieved that all of his efforts didn’t go down the drain. After all, it was the best reward to see that Joan was delighted. 
“Slow down. Wait for me.” 
She had finished half of the dishes even before Larry started eating. 
After a while, Joan patted her stomach and said with much satisfaction, “I’m so full. It’s wonderful to have such delicious food.”
“I’ll cook for you more often since you like it so much,” Larry said delightedly upon seeing Joan gleamed with satisfaction. 
“Really? Dear, you’re the best!” 
The next moment, she sprang toward him and kissed him on his cheek. 
“I don’t have to cook from now on! You’re the perfect househusband!” Joan said with a wry smile on her face. 
“Since you’re so smug, I think you should cook instead. Otherwise, you’ll become an idler,” Larry huffed when Joan was still smiling smugly. 
“No way. I’ve a lot of things to do.” 
Joan thought he was serious and immediately explained, “I’ll start educating our baby in my pregnancy so that they can be as outstanding as their father when they grow up. I mean, you can do everything perfectly! Besides, I’m going to give you a massage.” 
As Joan was speaking, she began to give Larry a massage. 
Larry was delighted to hear Joan’s flattery and even squinted his eyes as she was providing him the thoughtful service. 
“Well, that’s more like it. You look like Mrs. Norton now,” Larry replied smugly and joyfully. 
Larry seemed to be comfortable, Joan thought the time was right for her to ask a question that she had kept to herself for a long time. 
“Dear, can you tell me something about your past? I really wish to know more about your past. After all, there should be no secrets between husband and wife,” Joan persuaded.
“Do you really want to know about my past?” 
Larry had avoided the same question all the while. First, he was reluctant to recall some of his past. Second, given that he used to live a life full of battles and fights, he thought Joan might be worried upon hearing it. 
Nonetheless, Joan was insistent on understanding Larry’s past. Larry felt that keeping it from Joan would undermine the trust between them. 
“Yes, I really wish to know about it. Can you tell me? Anyway, I won’t force you if you’re reluctant to share it with me. I can understand that everyone has a little secret, after all.” 
Although she was curious, she decided not to dwell on it if he wanted to keep it a secret. 
Regardless, she would always believe in Larry. 
“It’s not that I don’t want to tell you, but you might be worried about me once you’ve heard it. Okay, I’ll tell you since you really wish to know.” 
With that, Larry began to tell her his story. 
“You always want to know what the relationship between Caspian and me is. Well, Caspian is my best friend. We went through fire and water and participated in hundreds and thousands of missions together. Actually, I used to have many friends like him, but most of them left in the end.”
###Chapter 1567
Chapter 1567 
They left? Where did they go? Although Joan had doubts, she didn’t interrupt Larry but continued listening silently. 
“My ambition is to be a soldier since I was young. I love the excitement when I fight on the battlefield. Besides, I enjoy the feeling of mapping out strategies. 
“Now that we’re in a peaceful era, where can I get such an opportunity? “My dad said I was born in the wrong generation. Instead, I would have become a hero if I was born in the past. In this new era, I can only inherit my family’s wealth and become an influential entrepreneur. 
“Nonetheless, I was reluctant to accept my fate. I was passionate about becoming a soldier and unwilling to live a boring life. 
“One day, I came to know about the special forces by chance. I finally realized that a group of people in this world is really facing life-and-death situations almost every day. 
“I was obsessed with the feeling of controlling my own life and living a life filled with surprises, shocks, and passion. 
“So, one day, I told my dad that I wanted to join the special forces. 
“He said there were many types of special forces and asked which one I wished to join. 
“I replied that I wanted to be a special force member who would have to fight hard and go through fire and water every day. 
“When he asked me why I wished to be part of it, my answer was that I liked it.
“However, knowing that it was my only answer, my dad advised against it. Also, he added that I would insult the noble occupation. 
“Although he rejected me, I didn’t give up and kept begging him to give me a chance. I even thought about many creative ways to persuade him. “In the end, he failed to dissuade me and agreed to my request instead. “I still remember that he looked helpless and dejected, yet I didn’t understand what it meant because I was young and arrogant. 
“He said that I could come home when I understood the significance of being part of the special forces. 
“Back then, I agreed delightedly but didn’t take it seriously. 
“He made the arrangements so that I could become an ordinary soldier. After all, I had to work my ass off to be qualified to join the special forces. 
“Since then, I trained myself every day based on the requirements of the special forces. 
“At last, my hard work bore fruit because one of the special forces units accepted me. 
“It was a pretty good start. I got my wish and became a qualified special forces member. Besides, I even made friends with a few of my comrades. 
“There were only eight members in my squad. At first, all of us thought highly of ourselves. 
“When it was time to choose a squad leader, we expectedly voted for ourselves. 
“Hence, we had no choice but to have a competition. 
“In the end, I won the competition. The rest of them conceded defeat and recognized me as their squad leader.
“After carrying out several missions, the relationship between the eight of us improved a lot. It even became something that many other comrades envied about us. 
“Soon, we received the captain’s compliment before everyone in the troop. 
“Since then, almost everyone looked up to me and wished to surpass me; nonetheless, I never gave them a chance to do so. 
“The eight of us eventually became even closer than blood brothers. Besides, our squad survived several life-and-death crises because I was there to lead them. Therefore, they willingly called me “Boss” even though I was the youngest among them. 
“Everything seemed wonderful to me. After all, I could challenge my limits and live my life to the fullest every day. Furthermore, I had a bunch of good friends who went through fire and water with me. All of these were what I wanted when I joined the special forces. 
“Although I still didn’t understand my dad’s words, I wasn’t bothered by it. I loved being there and even wished to be part of the special forces for the rest of my life. 
“Soon, the captain wanted to promote us due to our outstanding capabilities. 
“However, all of us rejected his offer. Since it became our habit to live and fight together, we couldn’t think of a reason to separate. 
“After all, we accepted various major and minor missions together. Some of them were easy, but others were risky.”
###Chapter 1568
Chapter 1568 
Larry paused for a while and continued, “Fortunately, we survived every mission and never suffered any severe injuries or casualties. 
“Everything was smooth until our superior assigned a precarious mission to us. 
“When he met us, he stated clearly that the mission was important but dangerous. In fact, he said that the probability that all of us could survive was merely twenty percent. 
“Since the mission was the most dangerous one that we had ever accepted, we couldn’t help but feel heavy-hearted. 
“Nonetheless, we couldn’t opt out because it was our duty, responsibility, and immense honor to serve the country. 
“At that time, I somehow understood what my dad meant. 
“We flew to Manchernius for the mission. Since the mission went on smoothly, we were delighted and thought that our superior exaggerated. 
“However, when we were halfway to complete the mission, a mole revealed some classified information to the enemy. Hence, our whereabouts were exposed, and we were surrounded by more than three hundred enemies. 
“It was too late for us to realize that the mission was indeed precarious. As the mission failed, we had to try our best to escape. 
“We fought hard for a way out.
“Unfortunately, only five of us returned to the country. Two of us were severely injured and passed out. As for the remaining three comrades, we failed to even locate the bodies. 
“I still remember one of my comrades said before he died, “Boss, run for your life. They can’t make it if you don’t lead them. Take care of them. Also, take care of my parents!” 
“With that, he sprang upon the enemies to distract them while I grabbed the chance to escape. Do you know how heartbroken I was at that time? 
“He died because of me. I watched as he fell to the ground. He dared not to even glance at me, for fear that the enemies would discover me. At that moment, I felt that my heart was sliced piece by piece with a knife! 
“Nonetheless, I knew that I couldn’t die, for I had to live not only for myself but my comrades. Besides, I had the responsibility to take care of his parents! 
“I finally understood what my dad meant. It wasn’t as simple as I thought to become a good special forces member. The moment I joined the special forces, I had been shouldering huge responsibility and calling! 
“Alas, it was too late for me to understand it. Among the eight of us who went through fire and water, three could never come home. 
“As for my comrades who suffered severe injuries, one of them had a disabled right arm, while the other lost both of his legs. Despite the tragedy, they didn’t regret their decision. After all, as part of the special forces, we are mentally prepared for accidents since day one. 
“After the mission, both of them left the army. Our superior looked for a job for them to live their life peacefully.
“Although they were still passionate about being part of the special forces, they had lost the right to pursue their dream. 
“The remaining three of us eventually applied to retire. 
“Among all, we felt guilty about failing the mission, though it was beyond what we could do. Also, we were tired and wished to go home. 
“Our superior didn’t stop us but approved our applications straightaway. Besides, he didn’t get any jobs for us because we requested him not to. 
“After leaving the army, the three of us visited our friends who left earlier. When we met, we didn’t utter a word but merely hugged each other. 
“That night, we were wasted and cried like babies. 
“The past is in the past. Apart from reminiscing, we also pondered about our future. 
“When one of them asked about our plans, I said I would go home and take over my dad’s company. 
“The other said he wanted to go home and take some rest. 
“After a while, one of them said, “Boss, I’m used to following your orders without having to think too much. Let me follow you. I can be your bodyguard!”
###Chapter 1569
Chapter 1569 
Larry paused for a while and added, “I knew that he was serious. Among all of us, he valued friendships the most and always act impulsively. He couldn’t deal with the tragedy and still wished to stay by my side. 
“He was Caspian, whom I cared about the most. Also, he relied upon me the most.” 
Larry sounded calm as he finished. Nevertheless, tears had streamed down his face while his body was shivering. It was obvious that he was trying his best to hold in his emotions. 
Meanwhile, Joan also sobbed. She never thought that the easy-going Caspian went through hell in the past. 
She was even more surprised that Larry’s past was heart-wrenching, to the extent that she cried upon hearing it. 
“Dear, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have asked you about it in the first place. I’m so sorry,” Joan apologized guiltily while hugging Larry, who was still immersed in sorrow. 
“It’s okay. It’s not your fault. In fact, I feel better after sharing my past with you.” Larry forced a smile. 
Joan couldn’t help but feel heartbroken when she saw his forced smile. 
“Actually, Caspian is the most broken man among us. Although he seems to be easy-going, he values every relationship and can hardly let go of the past.” 
Larry felt sorry for Caspian.
“I didn’t know that you guys have a legendary past. Dear, let bygones be bygones as all of us have to look ahead. I’m sure that your friends in heaven will be relieved to know that you live a good life now,” Joan comforted him. “Most importantly, you still have me! I’ll be with you, and we’ll never leave each other!” 
“Yes, when you’re here with me, I can go through any difficulties. As you said, we have to look ahead. We can still reminisce, yet it is even more important to live our life to the fullest,” Larry said. 
Holding on to her hand, he felt he had everything. 
“Alas, I pity Caspian. While you still have me, he’s still single. I think he’ll feel awful when he’s alone. Should we get a girlfriend for him?” said Joan worriedly as she thought about Caspian. 
“Well, I agree that it’s time to look for a girlfriend for him,” Caspian murmured, “but I’m afraid he might not cooperate with us.” 
“In that case, we can…” Joan came closer to him and whispered in his ear. 
“Mm, this idea sounds good,” Larry’s eyes sparkled as he replied. 
As they were on the same page, they decided it within seconds. 
Meanwhile, Caspian, who was miles away on a business trip, sneezed. 
“Damn it. Who’s scolding me?” he murmured. 
Since Larry gave him a simple task, he finished it quickly and began to walk around the place leisurely. 
Suddenly, a girl, who was wearing a yellow dress and a ponytail, came into sight. She looked youthful and cute with her sweet smile and her big, round eyes.
Caspian stared at her, his heart thumping. At this moment, he had a strange feeling as though his heart was meant to live for her. 
Meanwhile, the girl also saw that Caspian, who wore a suit, was standing still and gazing at her. The next moment, she flashed him a cute smile in response. 
Interesting fellow. It was the first thought that came to the girl’s mind. 
As Caspian watched the girl left and disappeared into the crowd, he couldn’t help but feel a little dejected. 
“I hope I can see you again, beautiful girl.” 
Caspian wasn’t good at expressing his feelings and would always hide his true self due to his previous occupation. 
Even if he had feelings for her the first time they saw each other, he was still reluctant to talk to her. 
We’ll meet again if it’s fated. It was part of Caspian’s ostrich approach. 
Caspian returned to Marsingfill with some regrets. 
Since Caspian met the girl on the street, he went to the same place for the next two days. He sincerely hoped that they would meet again.
###Chapter 1570
Chapter 1570 
Unfortunately, the girl never showed up again. 
It appears we’re not fated to see each other again. Caspian was disappointed. 
Since he had been in this place for quite some time, it was time for him to go back and report to Larry. 
“Boss, I’m back.” 
Caspian arrived at Larry’s house to report to him about his progress. 
“It’s nice to have you back. How’s everything?” 
Although Larry pretended to talk to him calmly, he was ready to execute his plan. 
“Boss, don’t worry. I’ve handled everything well,” Caspian lowered his gaze and answered. 
“Good. You’ve worked hard,” Larry said and patted Caspian’s shoulder. 
“It’s not a big deal. Well, if there’s nothing else, I’ll make a move,” Caspian said. 
Usually, Larry would give Caspian two days’ leave after he completed a mission. Hence, Caspian thought it would be the same this time around. 
“Caspian, I know you’ve worked hard to finish the task. However, I have another important task for you.” Larry pretended to say guiltily while a wry smile flashed across his face. 
“Boss, no worries. Just give me the instructions, and I’ll do as you say,” Caspian said with doubts in his mind. 
I think something isn’t right about Boss today.
Despite having some doubts, Caspian was passionate about doing anything that could resolve Larry’s problems. 
“After this, I’ll give you a long holiday so that you can get some rest.” 
Larry was delighted as the plan went on as planned. 
“Here are the time and venue of the mission. You’ve to meet someone. Since she’s not an ordinary woman, you’ve to watch her closely and don’t leave till the end. After meeting her, remember to drive her home. Also, be mindful of her house address.” 
Larry was joyful on the inside, though he pretended to gaze at Caspian seriously. 
“Don’t worry, Boss. I’ll complete the mission.” 
Caspian promised solemnly. 
After all, it was his duty to complete every mission that Larry assigned to him. 
“Alright, get some rest today and carry out the mission tomorrow evening.” 
Larry gazed at Caspian intently as though he had placed all his hopes on Caspian. 
“I’m counting on you to complete the task!” 
“Understood!” 
The more concise Caspian’s words were, the more determined he was. 
This task appears to be very important. I must accomplish it to live up to his expectations! 
Determination and seriousness were written all over his face as he left.
Once Larry confirmed that Caspian had left, he couldn’t help bursting into laughter. 
“Hahaha, Caspian is an idiot! I’ve fooled him! Joan, how are my acting skills? Do I deserve an Oscar award?” 
Larry laughed like a drain. 
While Larry was laughing smugly, Joan said worriedly, “Larry, do you think Caspian will be angry if he finds out that we’re lying to him?” 
“Don’t worry. He won’t be angry with us. I understand him very well, and he won’t be offended by something like this. Besides, I’m interested to know how he would react once he finds out his task is to join a blind date! Hahaha…” Larry laughed once again. 
A moment later, Larry turned around and suddenly stopped laughing. 
He happened to meet Caspian’s eyes. 
Caspian returned because he had some questions to ask Larry yet didn’t expect to witness this. 
“Hmm… Caspian, why have you come back?” 
Larry immediately calmed himself down and scratched his head awkwardly. “Do you need anything else?” 
Caspian probably didn’t hear what we said, right? Yes, he definitely didn’t hear it. Larry lied to himself deep down.
###Chapter 1571
Chapter 1571 
“Boss, did you mention a blind date just now? What is it about?” Caspian asked Larry as he was apparently confused. 
“A blind date? My god, you must have misheard it.” 
Then, Larry said casually to convince him, “Just finish the task as you always did. I mean, when did I ever lie to you?” 
Larry patted his own chest as a gesture to assure Caspian. 
“Since you’re not telling me the truth, I won’t finish the task as you instructed.” 
Caspian decided to disobey Larry, given that Larry still wanted to hide it from him. 
“Please don’t do that. I’ll tell you.” 
Larry got nervous as Caspian wanted to opt out of the mission. As such, he immediately said, “Actually, the mission that I gave you is to join a blind date. Since you’re not young anymore, I reckon you should look for a girlfriend. Just give it a try. If you don’t have feelings for the girl, Joan and I will introduce a few more girls for you. I’m sure you will find your loved one sooner or later!” 
Larry paused for a while and added confidently, “Rest assured that I’ll help you!” 
“Boss, why did you suddenly arrange a blind date for me? I disagree and won’t be joining it!” 
Caspian shook his head profusely as he was a bundle of nerves. 
“Caspian, you’re already an adult and can’t stay single forever. Since I already have Joan, I think you should look for your loved one as well,” Larry persuaded him patiently.
“I won’t rush into that. Besides, don’t worry about me because I can look for a girlfriend myself.” 
Once Caspian finished, he recalled the cute girl whom he met two days ago. 
“Why are you so bad-tempered? My kids would have already grown up when you have a girlfriend. I mean, it’ll be too slow. Why don’t you join the blind date and take a look at the girl? You can leave anytime if you don’t like her,” Larry continued tempting Caspian. 
“Forget it. I really don’t want to go. Boss, please don’t put me in a difficult situation.” Caspian declined again. 
As Caspian didn’t want to dwell on it, he turned around and wanted to leave. 
“Stay right there!” 
Since Larry couldn’t persuade Caspian, he decided to do it the hard way. 
“Caspian, I’m going to say this one more time: This is an order. You have to go whether you like it or not! You’re disrespecting me if you still refuse to listen.” 
Caspian was shocked and stopped walking. He turned around and pled, “Boss, I really don’t want to join a blind date. Besides, it’s too hasty. You should at least give me some time to prepare for it.” 
“I gave you some time, which is why you only have to be there tomorrow. Let Joan give you some advice on choosing the best outfit so that the girl won’t loathe you at first sight.” 
Larry waved his hand as he made the final decision. 
Caspian almost burst into tears because Larry ignored him no matter how many times he pleaded. 
Knowing that Larry was insistent, he eventually submitted to fate and stared at Larry disgruntledly.
“Alright, I’ll go,” Caspian said helplessly as though he had lost hope in life. 
“That’s my buddy.” 
Larry finally put on a smile upon hearing it. Then, he rested his arm on Caspian’s neck and said gently, “Listen to Joan later. She’ll give you some advice on how to dress up. Don’t embarrass yourself before the girl!” 
Caspian followed Joan into a room listlessly. When Caspian came out later, Larry felt that he had virtually turned into another man. 
At this moment, Caspian looked tall and strong in a suit. Besides, his face looked clean after shaving. 
Actually, Caspian had attractive facial features. After Joan designed a new hairstyle for him, he was now a handsome guy indeed. 
Larry gazed at Caspian with satisfaction. After all, Caspian was thought to be slovenly and scruffy- looking only because he rarely spent time taking care of his appearance.
###Chapter 1572
Chapter 1572 
“Good job, Caspian. All the girls out there will swoon over you with that look.” 
Larry was very confident about it. 
Caspian ignored Larry as he sighed. “Boss, can I go now?” 
“Sure, you can leave anytime. No one is stopping you.” 
Caspian hummed indignantly at his words but didn’t dare voice out his frustration. 
“Well then, I will take my leave.” 
He excused himself hastily and was about to leave. 
“Don’t forget about your mission tomorrow. I’ll give you an earful if you fail,” Larry warned. 
“Ok.” 
Caspian replied petulantly and left. 
He was worried he would go berserk if he stayed any longer. 
“Larry, Caspian didn’t look too happy about it. Is he angry?” Joan asked. 
“That’s not possible. Caspian isn’t that petty. He’ll even thank me tomorrow if all goes well,” Larry replied. “We’ll see how it goes.” 
Caspian arrived at the restaurant the next day even though he didn’t really want to since it was Larry’s request.
He sat down and waited patiently for his date to arrive. 
Caspian figured he would make conversation with the girl for a bit before excusing himself. That way, his mission would be considered complete and he’d get to avoid any awkward situation. 
Five minutes seemed like forever for Caspian. Just as his patience was growing thin, he suddenly felt like someone was walking towards him. 
“She’s finally here.” 
Caspian took a deep breath as he grew nervous and slowly lifted his head. 
He was stunned when he saw who his date was. She’s the cute girl I met on my business trip. 
The latter also looked really startled to see Caspian. 
“Why are you here?” 
They spoke in unison as an embarrassed smile crept onto their faces. 
“Good to see you. Please take a seat.” 
Caspian didn’t know what to say as he quickly stood up and gestured for the girl to take a seat. 
The girl nodded and sat opposite Caspian. 
The both of them didn’t know what to say to one another. After a while, the girl spoke up. “You look better than when we last met.” 
Caspian was a disheveled and sloppy-looking man during their last meeting. But he looked like a whole different person now.
“You look as beautiful as ever.” 
Caspian wasn’t sure why he said that. 
His heart fluttered when he saw the girl’s shy smile. 
“Hello, I’m Nancy.” 
The girl reached out and said sweetly. 
“I’m Caspian. Nice to meet you.” 
Caspian grinned shyly in response. 
“Caspian, what a unique name.” 
Nancy repeated after him as she took note of his name. 
“It was given to me by the Chief when I was in the forces.” 
Nancy. The name suits her well. 
“You used to be a soldier?” 
“Yeah, I was in the special forces for a few years.” 
“Wow, soldiers are my favorite. Tell me about all that has happened during your time as a soldier.” 
“Sure. What would you like to know?” 
“Start from the beginning when you first joined the forces.”
They hit it off right away as if they were long lost friends. 
Their affection for one another grew as time passes.
###Chapter 1573
Chapter 1573 
“Wow, you’re so amazing!” Nancy stared at him in admiration. 
“I’m nothing compared to my boss. He’s the best soldier I’ve ever met.” 
Caspian said humbly even though he was over the moon with Nancy’s praise. 
“You’re always talking about that boss of yours. Is he really that good? I think you’re the best. Oh right? Why did you agree to this blind date? Did you family force you too?” 
Nancy was very curious about Caspian. It was a wonderful feeling. 
“I’ll introduce you to my boss if I get the chance in the future.” Caspian smiled. “I’m not forced to be here by my family, but rather my boss. He intends to introduce a girlfriend to me.” 
Caspian suddenly felt a longing to have a girlfriend as he stared at the pretty and cute girl sitting in front of him. 
“I see. Your boss really cares about you.” Nancy replied cheekily. 
“Yeah. Did your family force you to be here? You were at Yartran when we last met. Where are you from?” 
Caspian suddenly felt inappropriate to ask so many questions all at once. He quickly added, “You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to. I’m being too nosy.” 
“I’m from Marsingfill. I went to Yartran because I heard the cherry blossoms there are out of this world and wanted to take a look.” 
Time flew by as they were engaged with one another.
“It’s getting late now. I should head home. It’s been a pleasure meeting you. I hope we meet again in the future.” 
Nancy smiled sweetly at Caspian. 
“Ok. We will meet again.” 
Caspian suddenly felt reluctant to let her go, but was too embarrassed to ask her to stay. 
“Ok, I will take my leave then. Bye.” 
Nancy hesitated for a bit before she bid goodbye. 
“Wait.” Caspian plucked up his courage and asked, “Can I have your number please?” 
“Of course. Here, jot it down.” 
Nancy gave Caspian her number without hesitation. 
The two of them parted ways soon after. 
Caspian chuckled as he stared at Nancy’s contact number on his phone. 
He giggled all the way back to Larry’s. Caspian rushed up to Larry with the intention of giving him a big hug when he saw him. 
At the moment, Larry was deep in thought when he suddenly felt someone coming towards him. He aimed a kick at Caspian without a second thought. 
“Ouch!” 
Caspian fell to the ground and snapped, “Boss, are you trying to kill me?”
Larry gave a bashful smile when he saw that it was Caspian. “Oh, it’s you. I was deep in thought just now. Sorry.” 
Caspian groaned, dusted his butt, and stood up. “Luckily, I’m well trained. Else, I would have been crippled by that kick of yours.” 
Larry smiled awkwardly and asked, “Caspian, how did your blind date go?” 
Caspian grew excited again at the mention of his blind date. He wrapped his arms around Larry’s neck and chirped, “Boss, thank you so much. If not for you, I would never have met Nancy.” 
“Nancy? Is she your blind date? How did it go?” 
Larry felt like things went well with the look on Caspian’s face. 
“We hit it off right away! Nancy was the girl I met during my business trip to Yartran. I even got her number. Boss, thank you so much. I’ll do anything you ask of me in the future. I’m all yours—dead or alive.” 
Caspian hugged Larry excitedly and almost wanted to peck him on the cheek. 
“Hey, get lost!” 
Goosebumps crawled all over Larry’s body as he quickly kicked Caspian away from him. However, he was also beaming with joy. He was genuinely happy for Caspian.
###Chapter 1574
Chapter 1574 
Just like that, things heated up between Caspian and Nancy. 
After one month, Caspian announced to Larry and Joan that Nancy had agreed to be his girlfriend. 
Larry and Joan were very happy for him. They also felt like a weight had been lifted off their shoulders. 
Caspian finally found his potential other half. They didn’t have to worry about him anymore. 
Larry brought Joan to the hospital for a medical checkup. 
Just as they were waiting for their turn, they spotted a familiar figure in the crowd. 
Gabriella! 
It had been a long time since they last met her. She was no longer the proud and arrogant girl she once was. 
She no longer dressed herself in beautiful clothes and only wore light makeup. Even though she was still very pretty, she no longer stood out in the crowd. 
“Larry, why is Gabriella here?” 
Joan didn’t know that Gabriella had married Carl few months ago as she asked out of curiosity. 
Larry explained to Joan how Gabriella had married Carl and how she was being treated by the Johnsons. It wasn’t hard for him to find out everything since Norton Corporation had power over a lot of things. 
Joan sighed after she found out about Gabriella. What happened to her was terrible.
Gabriella, who was once the center of attention, ended up in the hands of Carl with so much pain and suffering. 
Although Joan felt overwhelmed, she did not pity Gabriella one bit. 
Perhaps she would have sympathized with Gabriella if she didn’t know her that well. 
However, she no longer considered Gabriella her friend after everything she did to her. It was already very kind of her to not gloat over Gabriella’s misfortune. 
Gabriella queued up silently without Carl by her side. Her head was lowered as if she was deep in thought and had not noticed Larry and Joan. 
Both of them were not about to greet Gabriella either as they waited patiently for their turn. 
Joan did a full body checkup. Larry felt relieved when the doctor concluded that everything was good. 
They even found out that they were going to have a baby boy. 
Even though the baby’s gender didn’t really matter to the both of them, Larry’s parents preferred a boy in order to carry on the family name. 
They decided to head back to Norton Residence in order to tell them the good news after Joan’s medical checkup. 
Joan looked around for Gabriella after her medical checkup but couldn’t find her anywhere. She didn’t think much of it and walked out of the hospital with Larry. 
They first headed to the mall to purchase a few gifts for Larry’s parents after they left the hospital. 
“Dad, Mom, we’re back.”
Larry spoke up the moment they stepped foot into Norton Residence. 
Vivian and Finnick walked out upon hearing Larry’s voice. Joan had been receiving VIP treatment ever since her pregnancy. Finnick and Vivian were very keen on meeting their soon-to-be grandchild. 
“Dad, Mom.” 
Joan called out sweetly. 
“You’re back, Joan. Come, have a seat.” 
Vivian walked over and said to Joan kindly. 
Finnick beamed as he watched Joan worriedly. 
Larry felt indignant as he watched his parents fuss over Joan. 
“Dad, Mom, your son is back. Do you guys not see me?” Larry said with a hint of jealousy. 
“Oh, course I do. You can come in on your own since you’re such a big boy now.” 
Vivian totally ignored him while Finnick responded nonchalantly. 
Larry felt disconsolate. Am I really their biological son now? 
He looked in Joan’s direction grudgingly, but the latter had already been invited into the room by Vivian and Finnick.
###Chapter 1575
Chapter 1575 
Larry heaved a long sigh and walked into the room. 
“Have a seat, Joan. I’ll go get you a glass of water.” 
Vivian said after making sure Joan had settled down. 
“No need, Mom. I’m not thirsty.” 
Joan quickly turned her down. She couldn’t bear to see Finnick and Vivian fuss over her. 
“No way. It’s important to stay hydrated,” Vivian insisted. 
Sigh. When will I ever be treated like that? 
Larry was really jealous. 
“Mom, stop busying yourself. We have something to tell you.” 
Larry would probably lose even more of his parents’ attention after telling them the news. He felt really displeased about it. 
“What is it?” 
Vivian stopped in her tracks and asked. Finnick was also listening intently by the side. 
“We went to have a medical checkup today. Turns out we’ll be having a baby boy.” 
Larry announced the news calmly and waited for their response. 
“A boy? It’s a boy! That’s great news!”
Finnick was the first to react as he slapped Larry’s thigh and said happily. 
Larry hissed. Why are you slapping my leg instead of yours? 
He had no choice but to suffer in silence in his seat. 
Vivian was also at a loss for words as she paced around the room back and forth. Her face was flushed red with excitement. 
Larry and Joan were genuinely happy to see Finnick’s and Vivian’s reaction. 
They had yearned for a grandchild for a long time. Hence, their loss of composure was totally understandable. 
“This calls for a celebration.” Excitement laced Finnick’s voice. “Right, have you guys thought of a name yet? My grandson must have a good name.” 
“We haven’t thought of a name yet. Do you have any suggestions?” 
Larry and Joan had yet to decide on a name. Now seemed like a good chance to ask for Finnick’s and Vivian’s opinion. 
“The baby’s name is an important affair. I’ll get a good fortune-teller to name the baby,” said Vivian. 
“What are you talking about? This is just feudal superstition,” Finnick said begrudgingly. 
He disagreed with Vivian’s opinion. 
“Then, why don’t you suggest a name for the baby?” Vivian rolled her eyes at Finnick. “Don’t tell me you can come up with a good one with that pea brain of yours,” Vivian mocked. 
“I…”
He was about to refute when Larry cut them off. 
“Ok, this is enough. We can decide on a name in the future,” Larry said in exasperation. 
Vivian kept her mouth shut and busied herself in the kitchen. 
Even though they had housemaids to cook and clean for them, Vivian felt the need to personally cook for Larry and Joan whenever they came back for a visit. It was a small gesture of love as a mother. 
“Mom, I’ll help you.” Joan stood up. 
“No need. I can do it myself. You just stay here and get some rest.” 
Joan had no choice but to sit back down since Larry, Finnick, and Vivian unanimously opposed to her suggestion. 
Dinner was soon ready. With that, the entire family happily enjoyed a scrumptious dinner together. 
After dinner, Finnick spoke up. “Joan, you’re in your fifth week of pregnancy now. It’s not very convenient for the both of you to stay all alone in the villa. Vivian and I hope that you can move back in so we can take better care of you. What do you think?” 
Larry wasn’t against the idea of moving back in since he might not be able to take good care of Joan when he was so busy with work. If they were to move back in with Finnick and Vivian he wouldn’t have to worry about Joan anymore. 
Hence, he turned to look at Joan. 
Joan understood what Larry was thinking and nodded. “We’ll move back then. Sorry in advance for all the trouble I’ll be causing in the future,” Joan said, feeling embarrassed.
###Chapter 1576
Chapter 1576 
“What are you talking about? It’s no trouble at all. We’re doing it voluntarily even if there is,” said Vivian. 
“Haha.” 
The entire family laughed joyfully. 
Just like that, Joan and Larry moved back into Norton Residence. 
Joan received all the attention during her time spent with the Nortons as everyone looked forward to the baby. 
Larry also accompanied Joan to stay in her parents’ home for two days before she moved into Norton Residence. She was able to prepare for childbirth with peace of mind, learn more about her postpartum care, and did some prenatal education for her unborn baby. 
“Larry, do you think our child will look like you or me when he grows up?” 
Joan lay in Larry’s arms as she asked. 
“Me of course,” Larry said narcissistically. “After all, I am awesome, so he got to take after me.” 
“So you’re saying I’m not good enough?” 
Joan’s tone changed as she pretended to be mad. 
“Don’t get me wrong. You’re pretty, gentle, kind, elegant, thoughtful, and very capable. In fact, you’re just perfect!” 
Larry quickly cleared the air and praised her.
“Hmph. That’s more like it.” 
Joan nodded, pleased. 
“Let’s go out for a walk tomorrow. I’m so bored just staying at home.” 
Joan whined coquettishly at Larry. 
Larry didn’t want to put Joan out there ever since her pregnancy for fear of getting hurt. However, he couldn’t bear to turn her down after seeing the expectant look on her face. 
“Ok, I’ll go with you tomorrow.” 
Larry nodded in agreement. Things should be fine with me around. 
“Thank you, Dear.” 
The next day, Joan was finally able to walk out of Norton Residence with Larry in tow. 
She was like a kite with a broken string the moment she breathed in the fresh outdoor air no matter how hard Larry tried to stop her. 
She was going crazy after spending two months at home. The outside world felt refreshing and way more interesting than Norton Residence. 
She totally ignored Larry’s words. Larry had no choice but to keep up with Joan in case anything happens to her. 
Joan’s baby belly was getting visible five months into her pregnancy. Nonetheless, she walked around with a spring in her step and wasn’t even tired out after a long walk. 
“Larry, let’s go to the mall. I want to shop for some baby clothes for our future child,” Joan said cheekily.
“What’s the rush? We can wait till he’s born.” Larry looked at Joan affectionately. “However, we should get you some maternity clothes.” 
“Then, let’s go!” 
Joan hooked her arm around Larry’s as they walked to the mall. 
“But, we’ll have to head home right after. You mustn’t tire yourself out since we’ve been out for so long now.” 
Larry said with a serious look on his face. 
“Alright, I got it. You’re so naggy, just like my mom.” Joan muttered, displeased. 
Larry smiled helplessly. How dare you say I act like your mom? I’ll whack your ass if you’re not pregnant. 
Both of them chatted happily on the way to the mall. Joan insisted on visiting the children’s clothing store while Larry insisted on getting her some maternity clothes. 
In the end, Larry relented and accompanied Joan to the children’s clothing stores. 
Unknown to Larry and Joan, they were being watched by a woman nearby who was shopping for clothes. A trace of madness flashed in her eyes as she pretended to shop for clothes while following closely behind. 
Her name was Xyla. She was the wife of one of the assassins who tried to kill Larry.
###Chapter 1577
Chapter 1577 
Xyla was also an assassin. Assassins were supposed to be killing machines void of emotions. But Xyla fell in love with that assassin during a mission and things spiraled out of control. 
They were both in one of the deadliest jobs in the world. Hence, they were tired of putting their lives on the line and were thinking of leaving the industry to live their own lives. 
However, they didn’t have much choice about it. It wasn’t too hard for Xyla to put everything behind since it had only been a short period of time since she became an assassin. 
Nonetheless, things were different for her partner. He didn’t know what else he could do after quitting his job as an assassin. Hence, he didn’t want to quit. 
Soon after, Xyla told her partner she had fallen pregnant. 
He was over the moon when he heard the news. He said he would make more money by taking on a few more missions and quit his job forever as an assassin. 
His last job was to assassinate Larry and Joan. 
Xyla had been looking forward to the day when she would finally reunite with her lover, put everything behind them, and live happily ever after. 
However, her dreams of a life together were shattered during his last mission. 
Her partner failed his last mission and was captured by the police. In the end, he was sentenced to death because of the number of people he had killed in the past. 
Their last meeting turned out to be their final farewell.
Xyla was in so much pain that she wanted to die with him after getting her revenge. 
However, she was already eight months pregnant at that time. Her top priority was to give birth to his child before anything else. 
Her resentment reduced after her child was born. Revenge wasn’t her number one priority anymore as she wanted to focus on bringing up her child. 
She was planning to buy some milk powder for her child today but ran into her husband’s killer unexpectedly. 
Hatred poured out of her once again and she wanted revenge! 
She wanted to kill them or even teach them a lesson, at the very least, to appease her dead husband. 
At the moment, Larry and Joan didn’t notice they had been followed by a woman who had been blinded by hatred. 
“Larry, what do you think of this?” Joan asked. 
“Very nice. Darling, you’ve asked about a dozen times already. Have you decided on one yet?” 
Larry was going crazy with the torture. 
“Ok, ok, this one then.” 
Joan ignored Larry’s complaints and proceeded to pick a dress. 
Larry breathed a sigh of relief. It finally ended. 
Then, they went to the maternity section and picked out two maternity dresses for Joan. Joan couldn’t get enough of shopping and wanted to roam around a little while longer but was dragged out of the mall
by Larry. 
“Joan, you must be tired now. Let’s take a cab back.” 
Larry couldn’t bear to let Joan walk the extra mile as he spoke. 
“Ok, let’s take a cab.” 
Joan felt a little tired after a long day and agreed to Larry’s suggestion. 
At the moment, a middle-aged woman selling flowers walked towards them. 
“Flowers for sale. Fresh and beautiful flowers for your wife and girlfriend.” 
The middle-aged woman shouted as she walked towards Larry and Joan. 
It was Xyla in disguise. 
Xyla was skilled in disguising herself since she was an assassin. Hence, dressing herself up as a flower seller was a piece of cake. 
“Larry, why don’t you buy me a bouquet of flowers? I’ve never received flowers from you before.” 
Joan whined coquettishly to Larry when she saw the beautiful flowers. 
Indeed, Larry had never gifted her any flowers before. 
In the past, he only ever brought Joan to the canteen for meals because he simply wasn’t a romantic man. Now, he kept forgetting about it because he was too busy.
###Chapter 1578
Chapter 1578 
“Ok, as long as you like it.” 
Larry agreed to Joan’s request affectionately. 
“Hello, would you like to buy some flowers?” 
The middle-aged woman approached them when she heard their conversation. 
“How much are you selling it for?” Joan smiled and asked. 
“Ten for one stalk of flower.” 
A sinister smile flashed across Xyla’s face as she replied Joan with a smile. 
“Give me nine then.” 
Larry didn’t notice Xyla’s strange behavior as he spoke. 
“Ok, your total is ninety.” 
Xyla handed Joan the flowers while she secretly observed Larry. 
A sharp glint flashed in Xyla’s eyes when she saw Larry reaching for his wallet. She quickly pulled out a dagger from her flower basket and stabbed at Joan fiercely. 
I’ll make you pay for killing my husband. 
Larry could still see Xyla and Joan out of the corner of his eyes even though he was pulling some notes out of his wallet.
Larry snapped his head up when he noticed Xyla’s strange behavior. He cried out in terror when he saw her pulling out a dagger. 
“Joan, be careful!” 
Larry shouted and pulled Joan to his side. Joan almost got hurt as the dagger brushed over her back. 
Xyla slashed at Joan once again. She knew it wouldn’t be easy to take Larry down. Hence, she figured Larry would be more wary if she targeted Joan. 
Xyla slashed at a very tricky angle. Joan was going to get hurt no matter how hard she tried to avoid it. 
Larry had no choice but to block the attack with his own body. 
He lowered himself as Xyla stabbed him in the shoulder. 
“Ouch!” 
Larry grunted, resisted the sharp pain on his shoulder and aimed a kick at Xyla’s lower abdomen. 
“Ahhh!” 
Xyla screamed in agony as she flew backwards. Even though she had been specially trained, Xyla couldn’t get up from the ground after receiving such a heavy blow from Larry. 
Blood was trickling out of the corner of her mouth when she got back up again. She was injured. 
Xyla didn’t hesitate to run away after her attempt failed. However, Larry wasn’t about to let her get away as he kicked her down once again and locked her shoulder. 
“Who are you?”
Larry asked coldly as he ignored the injury on his shoulder. 
Only then did Joan regain her senses. She was shocked when she saw the dagger on Larry’s shoulder. 
“Larry, how are you feeling? Let’s hurry to the hospital!” 
Joan’s heart ached as she watched blood trickling down his shoulder. 
“Don’t worry about me, I’m fine. Let me find out more about this woman first.” 
Larry quickly consoled since he didn’t want Joan to worry too much about him. 
He then turned his attention to Xyla once again. Soon, something about her caught his eye, he wiped Xyla’s face with his hand. 
Very soon, the wrinkles were replaced with a young and pretty face. 
“Who the hell are you?” 
Larry asked once again since he couldn’t recall when he had crossed paths with this woman. 
“Hmph. Of course, you wouldn’t know who I am! But I hate you with a passion!” 
Xyla glared at Larry hatefully. 
“Do you still remember the assassins who tried to kill you two months ago? The leader was my husband! It was his last mission. He promised me he would quit his job as an assassin forever after that. He said he would come back home and live a happy life with me. But he’s not coming back anymore because of you! I have lost my darling husband forever. My child, who just turned one-month old, would never get to experience a father’s love ever!
Xyla shouted angrily. Tears flowed out upon thinking of her poor child. Then, she started sobbing uncontrollably.
###Chapter 1579
Chapter 1579 
“I hate both of you! You’re the ones who destroyed my family! You’re the ones who caused my child to lose his father! I’m gonna kill both of you!” 
Xyla continued to struggle, but Larry pinned her against the ground, immobilizing her. 
Hearing Xyla’s accusations, he kept quiet. After some time, he slowly said, “It’s a punishment that your husband was given a death sentence after being arrested for assassination. How can you seek revenge on us? Have you ever thought about those being killed by your husband? On whom should their families seek revenge? Wake up already. Don’t be so stubborn anymore.” 
“I don’t care! The people he killed deserve it! He did all this for our family! He isn’t wrong at all! Those people deserve to die, and so do you! You all must go to hell!” 
After speaking, Xyla let out a loud laugh that was filled with despair and hatred. 
Looking at her coldly, Larry knew that she had gone mad, so he did not say anything else and just waited in silence. 
Joan had called the police right after she saw that Larry was injured. The police should be there any second. 
With her eyes on Xyla, who had given in to madness, Joan felt conflicting feelings of sympathy, hatred, and regret. “Why are you so obsessed with getting revenge? Have you ever thought about your baby son? His father has been punished by law for committing many crimes, whereas you, his mother, will be sent to the police station because of your impulsive action. Have you ever thought about your kid’s future? You adults don’t care about the consequences, but why must the child bear it? The child is innocent!”
The thought of Xyla’s newborn filled her heart with sympathy. As a mother-to-be, she understood very well what a mother meant to a child, so she resented Xyla for her action. But she’s also a poor soul. It must be tough for her to raise a newborn on her own after her beloved husband died. 
However, there must be a reason for her pitiful situation. At that moment, Joan seemed to come to a realization. 
Joan’s words left Xyla stunned. The thought of her kid being all alone and getting bullied in the future filled her heart with remorse. 
“Oh, my baby,” she muttered as tears of remorse streamed down her face. Unfortunately, it was all too late, and she could never go back to the way things were. 
After the police came, she was taken away. 
Before she left, she stared at Joan with a pleading look in her eyes. 
Joan knew that she wanted her to take care of her child. 
However, all Joan cared about at that moment was to send Larry to the hospital soonest possible. 
Looking at his pale face as he lied on the bed, Joan was heartbroken. 
She held his hand tightly with concern. 
“Don’t worry. I’m all right now,” Larry assured her upon seeing how anxious she was. 
“How could you be all right after bleeding so much? Don’t talk anymore. Get some rest.” 
Unconvinced, Joan was still worried.
“I can recover from such a minor injury in just a few days. After all, I’ve survived the injury that’s ten times more serious than this,” Larry said nonchalantly. 
Sensing the jittery grew in Joan, Larry knew that he had said the wrong thing. 
He brought up the past to comfort her, but her reaction made him regret bringing it up. 
Joan gave him an annoyed look and teased, “Why are you so smug? Didn’t you have a painful grimace while you were getting bandaged earlier?” 
Larry was embarrassed. “I was feigning it so that you’d be worried about me.” 
Seeing that Larry was acting tough, Joan chuckled, and her anxiety slowly dissipated.
###Chapter 1580
Chapter 1580 
“Larry, there’s something I wanna ask you,” stated Joan as she thought of something. 
“Go ahead.” Larry looked at her. 
“Why don’t you have a single scare on your body even though you were in the special forces for so long?” 
Joan had always been curious about the lack of battle scars on Larry’s body, but she had been too shy to ask previously. Now that she had the opportunity, she brought it up. 
“You can’t laugh at me if I tell you,” said Larry as he looked embarrassed. 
He had been trying to avoid being asked about this by Joan, but it seemed that he had to tell her now. 
“Of course, I won’t laugh at you! Tell me,” Joan promised seriously. 
That’s if it’s not particularly funny, Joan added inwardly. 
“Upon my discharge, I went to the hospital for surgery to remove all the scars.” 
Larry stole a glance at Joan, wanting to see her reaction. 
“Why did you want to remove them? I thought scars are the medals for men? Why did you want to get rid of them on purpose?” Joan asked, feeling more perplexed. 
“Because I’m such a perfect man. I don’t want to have any scars on my body. They are too ugly!” 
Larry gritted his teeth and finally told the truth. 
“So you’re saying you removed the scars because you’re a neat freak?”
Joan could not help but widen her eyes in disbelief. What a weird reason. 
“Yeah.” 
Larry nodded with a serious expression. 
“Hahahaha! This is hilarious! You’re a man, and yet you’re actually scared of having scars on your body! I can’t believe you’re such a neat freak! Haha! I’m gonna die laughing.” 
Joan burst into laughter, making Larry’s face turn gloomy. 
“Didn’t you promise not to laugh at me?” Larry protested, looking displeased. Being laughed at by her embarrassed him. 
“I’m sorry. Hahaha! It’s too funny. I couldn’t hold it back. I am laughing so much I can hardly breathe. Hahaha!” 
Joan continued to laugh like a drain, whereas Larry got so angry that he turned his head to the side and stopped looking at her. 
Seeing that he was mad, Joan remembered that he was still a patient and stopped laughing. 
“I’m sorry, Dear. I won’t laugh at you like this again.” 
She stood in front of him and pacified, “Come on. Don’t be angry. Give me a smile.” 
Only then did Larry smile and decide to drop it. Afterward, he changed the subject and asked, “Joan, what are you going to do about Zyla’s baby?” 
He had also noticed the pleading look Xyla gave Joan. As Joan was kind-hearted, he knew that she would dwell on it and decided to ask her first.
Joan fell silent at the mention of Xyla. 
She had learned the name of the woman who stabbed Larry from him. 
She had also thought about Larry’s question, so she replied without hesitation, “Although Xyla’s husband deserves the punishment, and Xyla should also be punished for what she did today, the child is innocent. Why don’t we adopt him? What do you think?” 
She asked for Larry’s opinion because his consent was needed before she could make it happen. 
Larry had long known that she would want to help Xyla’s kid, so he had come up with a win-win solution and made the arrangement. 
“Joan, I know that you’re kind and will surely help the child, but the child is a newborn. The most important thing now is that you need to take good care of yourself, so you can’t take care of the child. If we adopt him, it won’t do us and the child any good,” explained Larry in a soft voice. What he said was reasonable.
###Chapter 1581
Chapter 1581 
“But…” Joan wanted to say something but Larry interrupted her. “But you don’t have to worry. Since we’re not the best fit to adopt the child, I’ve found a suitable person to adopt him. The butler of Norton Residence has been childless and wanting to adopt a child, but he hasn’t had the opportunity. I’ve called him just now, and he said that he’s happy to adopt this child, so you don’t need to worry anymore,” Larry assured her while holding her hand. 
“Really? In this case, we won’t have to adopt this poor child.” 
The news brought smile to Joan’s face. 
“Actually, I also know that we’re not the most suitable person to adopt him, but I feel really sorry for him. Knowing that he’ll be in good hands now, I feel the weight being lifted off me.” 
Joan’s sweet smile made Larry want to kiss her, but he could not due to his injury. 
Suppressing the urge, he thought of something else and said seriously, “Joan, do you still remember my close friends whom I told you about before? It’ll be the death anniversaries of Hector, Tom, and Marc in a few days. We’ll visit their gravesites and their parents. It’s also been a long time since I last met my other friends, so we’ll meet them too this time. What do you think about it?” 
Hearing his suggestion, Joan agreed without the slightest hesitation. “Of course, I’m up for it. I’ve long wanted to meet all these respectable friends of yours. I’m more than happy to go and see them and their parents.” 
Larry was relieved to see that Joan was being so sensible. 
“Great. My injury will likely heal in a few days. Then, we can go that time.”
“Okay. You need to lie down and recuperate first. We’ll talk about it after you’ve recovered.” 
Joan hurriedly motioned for him to lie down. 
“You have to take care of me these few days then. It’s really inconvenient for me to do anything now,” Larry said with a grin. Obviously, he recalled the time when he feigned injury and asked Joan to take care of him previously. 
Joan had apparently thought about it too as she gave him an annoyed glare. “You still have the nerve to smile. You kept me in the dark and made me take care of you for several days that time. You’re so bad!” 
“If I hadn’t feigned injury, we wouldn’t have reconciled so quickly and gotten to where we are today, would we? So it was all part of my plan back then. Ain’t I smart?” Larry asserted smugly. 
Having never seen such a brazen person before, Joan snorted coldly while rolling her eyes at him and ignored him. 
In the next few days, she witnessed how fast Larry recovered as his wound had scabbed over the day after the wound was sutured. 
Later on, he was heard complaining of itching on his wound. After a few days, he appeared before Joan looking very much alive while the dressing on his shoulder was also nowhere to be seen. 
“Are you all right now?” 
Joan gaped at him in surprise. 
“Yeah. Like I said, this is just a minor injury. If it were in the past, I wouldn’t even dress it.” 
Larry was so puffed up with pride that it got under Joan’s skin.
“You can brag all you want, but you can’t change the fact that you looked so pale and can’t even stand the pain when your wound was being dressed that day.” 
In order to prevent him from being too complacent, Joan kept mocking him. 
Touching his nose awkwardly, Larry quickly changed the subject. “Let’s pack up and leave the hospital. It’ll be their death anniversaries tomorrow. We need to hurry up and get there as soon as possible.” 
With that, Joan immediately put away her feelings and responded in agreement before starting to pack up his things. 
She knew how much this meant to Larry and also believed that any joke on this matter was a disrespect for these respectable ex-members of special forces.
###Chapter 1582
Chapter 1582 
After packing up their things, Larry and Joan called to inform Finnick and Vivian and left directly without going back to Norton Residence. 
Back then, five out of eight of Larry’s group who survived decided to bury their three deceased friends in Pillere as it was relatively close to the city where they lived. 
Initially, they used to talk about their plan to live in Pillere after retirement, so Larry and the rest decided to bury them there to fulfill their wish. 
Guys, since it’s your wish to settle down here, we’ve fulfilled it for you by laying you to rest here. Rest in peace. 
While on the way, Larry concentrated on driving and said nothing as he was engrossed in thought. 
Knowing that he was in a bad mood, Joan did not talk to him either. 
After a few hours, they arrived in Pillere. 
As agreed beforehand, they drove straight to the hotel Larry’s friends stayed. 
As soon as they got out of the car, four of Larry’s friends, including Caspian, went up to greet them. 
Since Larry was hospitalized a few days ago, he asked Caspian to come over first to make the arrangement, which was why he did not come with Larry and Joan today. 
“Boss, you’re here.” 
They greeted Larry one after another, and the latter gave each of them a hug.
Despite Larry’s calm facade, he was feeling excited deep down. 
“You must be Joan. I’ve long heard from Caspian that you’re not only kind and virtuous but also beautiful. Blessed is he who has you,” said Larry’s friends half-jokingly after exchanging greetings with Joan. 
Their compliment made Joan blush. After greeting them politely, she stood behind Larry, feeling a little shy. 
“Boss, it’s been a long time since we last met. Let’s go inside and catch up,” Leon suggested. 
Larry nodded. “Let’s go.” 
He had always been the backbone of the group since the beginning, so the rest had no ion to his words and entered the hotel room where Patrick and David were waiting. 
As they were both wheelchair-bound, Larry told them not to go to receive him. 
At first, the two of them refused but relented after Larry dissuaded and even ordered them. 
“You’re here, Boss,” Patrick and David said in unison. Then, they greeted Joan with a smile, “Nice to meet you, Joan.” 
“Nice to meet you too,” Joan replied, feeling shy that they even knew her name already. 
Afterward, they took their seats and began chatting. 
“I haven’t seen all of you for a year, but you haven’t changed a bit. How are you guys doing recently?” asked Larry.
“We’re doing well, but apparently, we’re not doing as good as you are, Boss. Not only are you rich and influential, but also have such a kind and pretty wife like Joan. You’re doing so much better than we are,” Patrick teased. 
Even though Patrick and David were crippled, they were optimistic and had a good mindset, so they lived a happy and care life. 
“That’s right, Boss. Why don’t you introduce this pretty lady to us formally? We don’t know much about her,” David urged. 
With the two of them around, there had never been a single moment of boredom. 
“You guys have already learned everything from Caspian, and yet you still want me to do an introduction. Alright then, I’ll make an exception and introduce her again. Guys, this is my fiancée, Joan Watts.”
###Chapter 1583
Chapter 1583 
“We got engaged a while ago, but I didn’t invite you because you were all busy. In a few months, we’ll get married. This time, no matter how busy you are, I demand that all of you come for my wedding, or you’d better watch out,” Larry threatened with mock severity, making everyone burst out laughing. 
“Haha. Don’t worry, Boss. No matter what happens, we’ll definitely attend your wedding.” 
“Yeah…” 
Looking at the group of men, Joan was inexplicably moved. 
They were a group of real men who had gone through countless life-and-death situations and received numerous honors. Yet, they were laughing like kids at this moment. There were not any wheeling-and- dealing and back-stabbing, but only a sincere friendship. 
Perhaps this was the bond among men which surpassed brotherhood. 
Tears suddenly welled up in Joan’s eyes as she looked at the group of adorable yet respectable men in front of her. 
“Let’s go, Boss. Let’s see who’s the best drinker now!” Leon proposed with a hearty laugh with a sincere look in his eyes. The rest then echoed. 
“Let’s go and drink!” 
“We’d like to see how much liquor Boss can hold!” 
“Imma see you guys get dead drunk!”
Larry was happy to be with his close friends and took a deep breath as he tried to hide the tears in his eyes. Then, he shouted, “Let’ go then! Let’s get wasted!” 
That night, Larry and his friends put aside the troubles in their lives and drank to their hearts’ content in a cheerful and care atmosphere. 
Other than Joan, all of them were drunk. 
As Joan looked at them getting so drunk that some even passed out under the table, she did not feel displeased. On the contrary, she was somehow moved and glad that time did not take away their genuineness, which had been buried deep in the depths of their hearts due to circumstances in life. 
The sight of Larry sleeping soundly in her arms brought a faint smile to her face. After planting a kiss on his face, she fell asleep too. 
The next day, a ringtone jolted her awake. 
When she got up to check the time, it was already almost ten in the morning. As Larry had told her to wake him up before ten on the night before, she hurriedly gave him a nudge. 
“Larry, it’s ten already. Wake up!” 
After being woken up by her, Larry massaged his head that was ringing slightly, looking groggy. 
However, the thought of the important thing that he was going to do later immediately brought him to his senses. 
“Wake up. Hurry up and wake up.” He got up and woke the others up. “It’s almost time. Don’t sleep in. We’ve got things to do.”
Hearing his words, the rest of the men sobered up as it was a really important thing that they needed to do. 
Some of them got up from the chairs and some from the floor, and began to tidy up their clothes. 
“Caspian. Where’s Caspian?” Larry asked after he looked around and did not see Caspian. 
“Yes, Boss, I’m here,” Caspian was heard replying in a sleepy tone. 
Looking in the direction where the voice came from, Larry finally saw Caspian lying under the table. 
“Hey, wake up! We’ve got important things to do!” Larry shouted, finding it funny. 
“Yeah. Important things. Five more minutes,” murmured Caspian as he rolled over and continued to sleep. 
Left with no choice, Larry went up to him to wake him up. 
“Ouch. Ouch! Boss, Boss, easy. Easy, Boss. I’m awake. I’m coming out.”
###Chapter 1584
Chapter 1584 
As Caspian wailed in pain, Larry pulled him by the ear to get him out from under the table. 
“Oh, my ear’s falling off. Let go, Boss,” Caspian pleaded. 
Looking at the scene, everyone burst into laughter. 
After packing up, they went to the public cemetery in Pillere. 
While on the way, they did not chat and joke like they did the day before as they kept their heads down in silence with a gloomy look on their faces, seemingly absorbed in thought. 
When they reached the middle of the cemetery, Joan finally saw the tombstones of the three deceased friends of Larry and got heavy-hearted as well. 
On the headstones were photos of three young and lively faces that spoke of the perseverance and sternness unique to a soldier. 
The three smiling men were staring back at the men who stood before their tombs and used to be the people closest to them. 
Looking at the three tombstones, Joan was in awe, whereas Larry and his friends already had tears welled up in their eyes. 
Their tombs were empty as Larry and the rest narrowly escaped death that time, so they could not even bring their bodies back. 
The thought of their unrecovered bodies pierced the hearts of Larry and his friends.
Standing before the tombstones, Larry and his friends bowed as they recalled the times the eight of them spent together with mixed feelings. 
In just a few years, they were separated forever. Even after a few years, they still found it hard to accept this hard truth. 
Rest in peace, guys! We’ll live well for you! 
Looking at the men standing before the tombstones like a kid who refused to accept the truth, Joan could not help but shed tears. 
After a long silence, Leon suggested, “Boss, it’s cold now, and Joan’s pregnant too. I think Hector and the others appreciate our visit today. Why don’t we go back now?” 
Standing at the same spot with his head down, Larry came to his senses and replied, “Alright. Let’s go back then.” 
After speaking, he took one final glance at the tombstones, and the smiles on the three faces stung his heart. Unable to bear to look at them anymore, he turned around and walked out of the cemetery. 
The rest of his friends also gazed at the tombstones for a while before they went up to Larry. 
It was not until sometime that they finally got over the grief and began chatting again in a relaxed atmosphere. 
“Let’s have a meal together. After that, we’ll go and visit the parents of Hector, Tom, and Marc, okay?” proposed Larry. 
“Sure. Let’s visit them together.”
Everyone agreed with Larry’s suggestion. It had become their annual habit to visit the parents of their deceased friends, buy them some food and give them some money. 
After eating, they went to Hector’s house with bags of goods as they did in previous years. 
“Dad, Mom, we’re here to visit you!” shouted Larry as soon as they entered the house. 
The rest of his friends also greeted Hector’s parents joyfully. 
The five of them had vowed to treat the parents of their deceased friends as their own parents, so they changed the form of address to “Dad” and “Mom” since the beginning. 
At this time, two middle-aged people walked out of the house and beamed at the sight of Larry and his friends. “Oh, it’s our sons! Hurry up. Come on in!” 
The middle-aged man began to greet them enthusiastically, while the middle-aged woman went to get them some drinks. 
“Dad, it’s been a long time. How are you and Mom doing?” Larry asked respectfully while sitting in front of the middle-aged man. 
“Don’t worry. We’re living a good life!” 
The middle-aged man laughed. Obviously, their presence breathed life into the initially gloomy place and made him happy.
###Chapter 1585
Chapter 1585 
“Dad, Mom, you must tell us if there’s anything happen. You have our phone numbers, don’t you? We’re your sons, so don’t treat us as outsiders!” Leon said thoughtfully while holding the hand of the middle-aged woman. 
“Oh,” she hurriedly replied, “that’s so kind of you. We’re doing well. We’ll definitely tell you if anything major happens. You’re all such a good person. It’s a pity that Hector…” 
The thought of her deceased son made her heart ache as she wiped the tears off her eyes. 
“Alright, drop it! Now that they’re here, you should go and cook for them, while I have a drink with them,” The middle-aged man hurriedly interrupted his wife, fearing what she might say next. 
“Okay, fine.” She wiped the corners of her eyes again and added with a smile, “I’m going to cook for you. You guys have a chat first. Do have some water I prepared for you when you’re thirsty.” 
After speaking, she went into the kitchen. 
Larry and his friends initially planned to leave after visiting them, but the fervent look in their eyes stopped them from turning them down, so they stayed to keep the couple company. 
The middle-aged couple had only one son, who sacrificed in a foreign country during a mission, so no one could look after them as they aged. 
Fortunately, Larry and the others were very close with their son, Hector, and treated them as their parents, so they had someone to depend on. 
Now that their sons were there, the couple would not let them leave without having a meal at their place.
As their home finally became lively again, they were overjoyed even though they had to get busy. 
Larry and his friends also lent them a hand in the kitchen. It was hilarious yet heartwarming to see a bunch of men doing some household chores. 
With the concerted efforts of everyone, a delicious meal was ready. 
Everyone took their seats at the dining table and began to enjoy the meal in a heartwarming atmosphere. 
The middle-aged man was in a good mood, so he had quite a few drinks with Larry and the rest, whereas the middle-aged woman chatted away with Joan. 
As it was not suitable for Joan to remain seated for too long due to her pregnancy, she was brought to the woman’s bedroom and was then asked to lie down on the bed. The two of them began to talk about pregnancy and parenting. 
Being a first time mother, Joan was curious about everything related to children, so she asked the woman many questions regarding parenting, and the two of them had a pleasant chat. 
As it was getting late, the couple wanted them to spend the night at their place. After a quick discussion, Larry and his friends decided to stay and would only leave the next day. 
The next morning, they bade the couple farewell and visited the parents of the other deceased friends. 
The parents of the other two friends were also particularly welcoming, so Larry and the rest stayed overnight at respective homes. 
On the third day, it was finally time to part ways. 
Early in the morning, Larry and Joan packed their things up and was ready to bid farewell to the others.
Unexpectedly, Larry’s friends were already waiting in the lobby. Seeing Larry and Joan, Leon said, “Boss, it’s time for us to part ways again. Let’s save the goodbyes for next time when we meet again, which will be in near future.” 
Larry and Joan smiled. 
“Of course. My wedding with Joan will be held in a few months. Each of you must be present then,” Larry replied happily. 
“That’s a must. Even if you don’t invite us, we’ll also show up,” Patrick joked. 
David echoed, “Yeah. And we’ll surely give the two of you a great gift!” 
All of them laughed. 
When it was time to leave, Larry wiped the smile off his face and announced sadly, “Guys, this is it. See you soon.”
###Chapter 1586
Chapter 1586 
The rest nodded and went their separate ways without saying anything else. 
They knew that they had to part ways to meet again as they became a better versions of themselves. 
Finally we can head home, Joan thought, feeling glad. 
Although she was not too fatigued these days, she still felt that home was always where the heart was. She could only feel relaxed when she was home. 
Caspian also got in Larry’s car to return to Marsingfill with them. 
When he came, he had taken a taxi, so he was glad that he could return with Larry in his car. 
Larry, on the other hand, was happier as he had Caspian to drive for him. 
Poor me. I actually work for such an uncaring and exploitative boss. 
“By the way, Caspian, how’s your relationship with your girlfriend now?” 
Larry suddenly became concerned about Caspian’s love life. 
“Still the same.” 
Caspian became a little awkward when asked about his love life. 
“What do you mean by that? Why are you so shy like a girl?” Larry teased. 
Looking at how embarrassed Caspian was, he could not help but make fun of him. 
“Before we came to Pillere, I’ve brought her to meet my parents,” Caspian said with a grin.
“She’s met your parents so soon? I’m impressed.” 
Larry smiled. He was happier than anyone else to see Caspian like this. 
“What did your parents say about her?” Joan asked, feeling curious. 
“They said that Nancy’s very fair-skinned, pretty and polite, but she’s too skinny, which isn’t very good for childbearing.” 
As Caspian spoke, he was even more embarrassed. 
“Whoa, your parents think really long-term, don’t they? They even thought about childbearing! Haha!” Larry guffawed. 
At this, Joan also chuckled. 
“What’s so funny? How can you laugh at me? I don’t wanna drive anymore!” Caspian protested annoyedly as he was embarrassed being laughed at by Larry. 
“Alright, alright. We’ll stop laughing.” After Larry was done making fun of him, he asked seriously, “When are planning to get engaged, Caspian?” 
“We don’t have a specific date yet, but it should be within these three months.” 
Caspian put on a happy smile, seemingly thinking of Nancy. 
“You’re so lucky, Caspian. Even though you’re so stupid, you can still get such a good-looking girlfriend like Nancy!” Larry could not help but tease again upon seeing Caspian’s expression. 
Caspian was rendered speechless. Ever since Boss has Joan, he’s become chatty. He barely spoke before this, but now, he’s so annoying.
However, he had no choice but to keep his mouth shut and focused on driving. 
“Caspian, when are you going to bring Nancy to our place? We’ve never met her!” 
Joan was curious about this girlfriend of Caspian as he was an adorably kind man. 
“Soon. I’ll take her to meet you soon, Joan,” replied Caspian, brimming with happiness. 
As they chatted and joked during the journey, they soon reached Norton Residence. 
Lying in the bed in her bedroom, Joan somehow felt contented. No matter how fun and lively the life outside her home was, she still thought that her home was the coziest. 
Lying in Larry’s arms, she slowly drifted into sleep. 
Looking at her sleeping soundly, Larry also found his heart filled with indescribable happiness. 
Time flew, and three months went by. 
During the period, Caspian had brought Nancy to Norton Residence several times. 
Larry and Joan had had a very good impression of her the first time Caspian brought her over even though she was a little shy. 
“Nice to meet you, Boss, Joan,” Nancy greeted them sheepishly when she first met them. 
“Nice to meet you too. You’re Nancy, right? You’re so pretty. Caspian is so lucky to have you as his girlfriend.
###Chapter 1587
Chapter 1587 
As Joan spoke, she hurriedly stood up and got Nancy to sit. 
Hearing what Joan said, Caspian was not displeased at all. Instead, he nodded approvingly as though she was right. 
Meanwhile, Larry also smiled in relief and wished Caspian the best inwardly. 
Joan and Nancy hit it off right away and soon became good friends. 
From then on, Nancy often visited Norton Residence with Caspian. As Joan had a companion, she no longer felt bored at home. 
“Joan,” Nancy called her sweetly upon reaching Norton Residence that day. 
Hearing Nancy’s voice, Joan flashed her a smile. “You’re here, Nancy. Come on in and have a seat.” 
By then, Joan was already eight months into her pregnancy. Despite having a large bump, she still looked stunningly beautiful and exuded motherly vibes. 
“Joan, it’ll be the engagement day of me and Caspian tomorrow.” 
Nancy looked a little excited and thrilled. 
“I know. You’ve said it more than ten times,” Joan replied with a helpless smile as Nancy had repeated it multiple times. 
“It’s cause I’m nervous,” Nancy explained with an embarrassed smile.
Joan could relate to her as she was also no less nervous than Nancy back then when she got engaged. 
She advised, “I understand how you feel, but you have to relax; otherwise, you’ll be even more keyed up during the engagement ceremony.” 
“Okay!” 
Nancy gave her a firm nod. 
“Joan, you’re already eight months pregnant, right? Does your baby move?” 
Looking at Joan’s bump, Nancy was full of curiosity. 
“Of course, he does. He often kicks me as well. He is a naughty kid.” 
As soon as Nancy mentioned the baby, Joan got all motherly and happily shared about her pregnancy. 
“Really? Let me listen to him.” 
Nancy placed her ear close to Joan’s belly. 
“Whoa, it’s really moving,” Nancy exclaimed with a surprised look on her face. 
While Joan and Nancy were chatting in the bedroom, Larry and Caspian were in the study having tea. 
Larry was not very busy with work recently and often stayed home to keep Joan company, so Caspian was as well. 
“Boss, nothing much happens in Marsingfill recently. Norton Corporation is thriving, whereas Ward Group’s development is also very stable. However, I think Carl may target Norton Corporation again as
he’s been acting sneakily these days.” 
As usual, Caspian reported some of the latest developments in Marsingfill to Larry. 
“This kind of small fry can’t do anything.” 
The look in Larry’s eyes were full of contempt as he had never seen Carl as a threat from the beginning. 
“Just keep an eye on him. Once he does anything that harms Norton Corporation or Joan, get rid of him for good.” 
“Yes, Boss,” replied Caspian. 
After they were done talking about the important matters, Larry lightened up and urged Caspian, who was standing by the side, “Enough standing. Are you still not going to sit down after we’re done with the matters at hand?” 
Larry had been telling Caspian not to be so formal when they worked as the latter was his close friend, but Caspian liked to draw a clear line in their superior-subordinate relationship when he worked. 
Larry was satisfied yet angry at him for this. 
After being urged by Larry to sit down, Caspian obeyed. He had always been a man who knew when to be serious and relaxed. 
“So are you nervous? You’re getting engaged tomorrow,” Larry asked with a smile.
###Chapter 1588
Chapter 1588 
“What’s there to be nervous about?” Caspian looked calm. “Engagement is just a ceremony, so I’m not nervous at all. If it’s a wedding, maybe I’ll be a little nervous.” 
“Are you really not nervous at all?” 
Larry found it hard to believe. This guy often spends a long time thinking about something, but why would he not be nervous when he’s about to get engaged? 
“Not at all.” 
Caspian still had a nonchalant expression on his face. 
“Oh, Nancy, why are you here?” Larry greeted with a smile as he looked past Caspian. 
“Nancy’s here!” 
Hearing Larry’s words, Caspian nearly spilled his tea. Yet, when he saw the evil smile on Larry’s face, he immediately knew that the latter was pulling a trick on him and quickly recomposed himself. 
“So what if Nancy’s here? I’m not afraid of her. Besides, like I said, I’m not nervous about the engagement at all!” Caspian repeated himself as if to cover up his earlier panic. 
“Wow, such bravado.” 
A woman’s voice was heard, leaving Caspian stunned. “I don’t mind that you’re not afraid of me as I’m not scary after all. As for your claim that you’re not nervous, I beg to differ. You were actually so nervous that you couldn’t even sleep last night, weren’t you?” 
Nancy slowly walked into the study.
Seeing her, Caspian felt his legs turn jelly. 
“Nancy, why are you here? I was just joking with Boss. Hehe. Hehe.” 
Caspian went up to her while simpering. “Come on, Nancy, have a seat. Are you tired? Take a seat. I’ll give you a massage.” 
Caspian’s behavior made Larry see him in a different light as Larry had never thought that the former had such a side to him. 
After a while, he came to his senses and teased, “So, Caspian, it turns out that you were just bragging. I thought you were so tough!” 
“Boss, what else did Caspian say?” Nancy asked Larry curiously after giving Caspian a glare. 
“Oh, Boss, please don’t talk anymore! I’m begging you! You’ve got me good!” 
Caspian kept winking at Larry, but the latter did not bother him and smirked smugly. 
Embarrassing Caspian gave him great pleasure. 
Ignoring Caspian, Nancy said, “Boss, we still need to make some preparations for tomorrow, so we can’t stay any longer. I’ve told Joan as well. We shall get going.” 
“Alright, then. Joan and I will rush over tomorrow morning.” 
Larry nodded in agreement. 
After Caspian and Nancy left, he returned to his bedroom and saw Joan stroking her bump like a mother would while muttering something with a smiling face.
The sight brought a smile to Larry’s face as he walked up to her quietly and asked, “Are you talking to our baby again?” 
Ever since her belly got bigger, Joan often talked to the baby as though he could hear her. 
“Yes, I am,” she replied sweetly. 
Her adorable face filled Larry’s heart with love. 
Larry then gently put his head on her belly and felt the warmth from Joan and his baby. Gradually, his restlessness vanished. 
“Look, the baby’s moving. He’s saying hello to you!” Joan hurriedly told Larry after feeling a movement in her belly. 
“That’s right. I saw it too. He’s quite a frisky kid, isn’t he? He can’t even stay still in his mommy’s belly.” 
Larry chuckled. His heart was brimming over with happiness as he imagined the life ahead with his wife and son. 
“Larry, have you decided on the baby’s name?” asked Joan softly while lying in his arms. 
“I’ve been thinking about it for a long time. Let’s name him Leslie Norton. What do you think about it?” Larry told her the name he had in mind after thinking for a while.
###Chapter 1589
Chapter 1589 
“Leslie, Leslie Norton,” murmured Joan softly before she grinned and said, “Okay, let’s call the baby Leslie.” 
“You have a name now, baby. You’re Leslie Norton. Do you like the name?” asked Joan sweetly, while caressing her stomach. 
“Let’s share the name with our parents right away. They’ve been asking about it for a while now,” reminded Joan. She shifted her gaze to Larry. 
She hadn’t used her phone or any devices that emitted radiation in a while since she was pregnant. Her daily pastime had since changed to watching tv and gardening. 
Hence, Larry had to be the one to call their parents and share the news. 
“Don’t worry and rest well. I’ll go tell them now,” promised Larry lovingly, before planting a soft kiss on her forehead. 
Larry woke up early the next morning and softly called out to Joan to get her up as well. 
She had been sleeping a lot ever since she got pregnant and spent most of her time in dreamland. 
At first, Larry didn’t want to let her attend Caspian and Nancy’s engagement party. Unfortunately, Joan was persistent in going, so Larry had no choice. 
After freshening up, the two of them got into the car and hurried over to Caspian’s place. 
Caspian lived near the Norton Residence, so it only took a little over ten minutes to go over. 
Larry was quick to help Caspian set everything up, while Joan stood at the side and stared happily.
The engagement party started soon after. Only a few people were present as only family members and several close friends were invited. 
Naturally, parents from both sides were present as well. 
The Barrymores were a pretty prominent family in Marsingfill, and Nancy was their only heir. Hence, she was very much loved and well cared for since she was a child. 
Unlike Gabriella though, the Barrymores valued honor and discipline, so Nancy was a remarkable woman with good manners. 
At first, Nancy’s parents were upset to hear that their daughter was dating a bodyguard. The Barrymores were a powerful family, so they didn’t like the idea of having a bodyguard as a son-in-law. 
Still, they never protested that relationship verbally because their daughter loved the man. 
They weren’t happy with their daughter’s choice and didn’t agree to that wedding until they learned that Nancy’s boyfriend was Caspian. 
Caspian was one of Larry’s best friends. He might be a bodyguard on paper, but everyone knew that Caspian was practically the second in command of Norton Corporation. 
How could they not be satisfied under those circumstances? 
The engagement party was regal but simple. There weren’t any complicated rituals. The emcee simply delivered a speech and kick off the ceremony before Caspian went down on one knee and asked for Nancy’s hand in marriage. 
It was like any regular engagement party, and everyone left after going through the ceremony. 
The only thing interesting about the whole thing was Caspian.
He was especially handsome in his outfit, and everything looked picture perfect when he stood beside Nancy. 
The only problem was that Caspian was blushing red the entire time. It was as if someone shoved a few bottles of wine down his throat just before the party started. In fact, he was stuttering and made no sense even when he was proposing to Nancy. That got everyone to giggle. 
Larry and Joan sat quietly at their designated spots. They were both happy for the new couple. 
Seeing the two engaged lovebirds got Joan to recall how things were at her own engagement party. Sweetness ambushed her, and she was happy. 
“Dear, when are we going to get married?” asked Joan. 
Anticipation filled her voice as she spoke. 
All their lives, women had always looked forward to having a romantic wedding ceremony that they could call their own. 
The mere thought of the wedding got Joan to feel warm and fuzzy. 
“We’ll have a grand wedding as soon as the baby is born. I will get you the most beautiful wedding gown, and you will be the most stunning bride,” replied Larry firmly as he looked into Joan’s eyes.
###Chapter 1590
Chapter 1590 
Joan smiled as brightly as a blooming flower. Hearing a response like that from the man she loved made her feel like she was the luckiest woman on Earth. 
She was about to reply to him when she suddenly felt a sharp pain in her lower abdomen. The pain was so intense and so sudden that Joan felt ambushed. She lost control and shouted in response. 
“Ah!” shouted Joan before she gripped Larry’s hand, “Larry, my stomach hurts. It hurts so much.” It only took a few seconds for a layer of sweat to form on her forehead. All that showed just how much pain she was in. 
“Joan, Joan! What’s wrong?” 
Larry panicked when he saw her suffering like that. 
“I’ll take you to the hospital right away. Hang on, Joan!” 
Joan’s screams stabbed Larry’s heart. He was so heartbroken that he couldn’t calm down. All he did was hold Joan close while panicking. 
Fortunately, the spectators heard the commotion and gave him some suggestions. Larry called the hospital right away. 
“Hello? Is this the hospital? My girlfriend’s stomach suddenly hurts. I think something is up with the baby. Please send someone over right away! We’re at…” 
After hanging up, Larry held Joan’s hand nervously and said in a comforting tone, “Don’t worry, Joan. The doctor will be here soon. You have to hang on, Joan.”
“Larry, the baby. Will the baby be okay? Larry, I’m scared.” 
Joan’s voice was quivering, and her grip on Larry’s hand was tight. 
“It’ll be fine. The baby will be fine, and so will you. Don’t worry, the doctor will be here soon.” 
Larry’s voice was soothing and sweet. He had forced himself to calm down by then. Joan is worried enough, and I cannot afford to panic. She needs me now! 
Joan stopped shouting nervously after hearing those words. She clamped her mouth shut, but groans still escaped from her lips. It was obvious that she was enduring intense pain. 
It felt as if a century had passed before they finally heard the ambulance’s siren. Larry seemed calmer when he shared, “The doctor is here, Joan. We’ll be fine!” 
The ambulance stopped near Larry and Joan before two doctors in white coats hopped out of it. 
“Doctor, please tend to my girlfriend. You have to help her,” requested Larry in an anxious tone. 
“Calm down, sir. We’ll do our best to help her. Please step aside for now.” 
The doctor spoke politely. They received many similar calls on a daily basis, so they were calm when dealing with the matter. 
Larry understood that he would just get in the way, so he quickly moved aside. He was brimming with worry when he stared at Joan. 
The two doctors performed a quick examination on Joan before they frowned and informed Larry grimly, “Her water broke, and she is bleeding. We must take her to the hospital right way to give her proper treatment or her life will be at risk.”
“Her life is at risk?” blurted Larry. 
The doctor’s words were the last straw that broke the camel’s back. Larry couldn’t stay calm anymore, and he clutched the doctor’s collar before shouting, “Well, then what are you waiting for? Take her to the hospital now! Please save her. Don’t let anything happen to her.” 
Larry was agitated and unreasonable, but the doctor didn’t dare to complain or even show any signs of dissatisfaction. Before they rushed over, they were informed that Larry Norton, the president of Norton Corporation, was the one who called. That was why they knew that they couldn’t afford to offend him. 
The doctor quickly replied, “Don’t worry. We will do everything we can. Hurry up and get the patient into the ambulance carefully.” 
Two medical staff quickly set the gurney up and carefully placed Joan on it before pushing her to the ambulance. 
Larry gave some quick instructions to the men he brought with him before he got into the ambulance as well. 
Inside the ambulance, Larry was drowning in worries as he stared at Joan. He couldn’t help but think of what the doctor said earlier, and that gripped his heart. 
Joan, please be alright! 
Joan was half-unconscious as she laid on the gurney. Despite that, she was still frowning, and it was clear that she was still in pain.
###Chapter 1591
Chapter 1591 
Joan was taken into the operating theater as soon as she reached the hospital. 
Larry was so nervous that he wanted to go into the room as well, but the doctor stopped him. 
“Sir, the patient’s condition is grim at the moment, and we must operate immediately. Please wait here patiently,” instructed the doctor firmly. 
“Doctor, please…” 
Larry spoke up, but the doctor ignored him. Instead, the doctor just turned around and went into the operating theatre to do his job. 
The lights in the operating theater were on, and an hour crawled on by. 
Larry kept pacing around in front of the operating theater. He would turn his gaze to the door of the operating theater every now and then, and he would pray that the surgery would be over soon. He wanted to see how Joan was. 
“Joan, Joan!” 
Hurried footsteps accompanied nervous calls as they echoed in the hospital corridor. Finnick had taken Vivian over to the hospital. 
“Larry, how is Joan?” asked Vivian. 
Her eyes shone as soon as she saw Larry, and she hurried over to him to ask him about the situation. 
“Things are not looking good. She is inside, and the doctor is operating on her now,” answered Larry while wearing a horrified expression.
“Everything was fine just days ago. How did turn out like this?” said Vivian. 
She looked terrible and was holding Finnick’s arm as she spoke. 
“Please let everything be alright! If anything were to happen to Joan…” 
“Shut up,” scolded Finnick, “They’re treating her now, aren’t they? Stop bullsh*tting and just wait patiently. What’s the point of panicking?” 
Only then did Vivian realize that she had said the wrong words. She lowered her head guiltily and stopped talking. She waited patiently outside the operating theatre. It seemed she had recalled something soon after, and her eyes reddened with tears. 
Finnick was just as nervous as Vivian, but he had been through a lot of hurdles and dealt with too many disasters. He knew that they couldn’t afford to panic, so he walked to Larry and tapped on his son’s shoulder. Finnick then said, “You should stand numbly here, either. Take a seat and rest up. You will be very busy once Joan’s surgery is over.” 
Larry nodded because he knew that his father was right. The former turned around quietly and sat on the bench. 
Time trickled by, and two more hours passed them by. 
Just then, the door to the operating theater was opened. The doctor walked out of the room with a heavy heart. 
Larry, Finnick, and Vivian rushed over when they saw the doctor. 
“How is it, doctor? Is Joan alright?” asked Larry quickly as he stared at the doctor.
“The patient’s life is still hanging on the balance. Her water broke, and it is likely that the baby will be born prematurely. Unfortunately, her bleeding is a bad sign, so you should all prepare yourselves for the worst,” replied the doctor grimly. 
“What is that supposed to mean?” asked Larry. 
He felt as if he had fallen into the deepest, coldest pit. Fear was spreading all across his body. 
The worst case scenario is that it is likely that you will have to choose between saving the mother or the baby. If that happens, the mother might become barren afterward…” 
The doctor trailed off. It was obvious that he was waiting for Larry to decide. 
“If the worst happens, then please save the mother,” replied Larry without even a hint of hesitation. 
Larry’s love for Joan was deeply rooted in his very soul. He still felt apologetic and guilty for abandoning his unborn child, but he could not hesitate at a moment like that. 
“He’s right. Save the mother,” added Finnick. Vivian, on the other hand, didn’t say anything. 
Both Finnick and Vivian wanted to have grandkids, but under such circumstances, saving the mother was the best option. It didn’t matter if Joan would become barren, and they would never have a grandkid. They wouldn’t regret their decision. 
The doctor nodded when he saw that everyone was in agreement. He said, “Okay, then if it comes to it, we will save the mother. Still, nothing is set in stone. There is a good chance that we can save both the mother and the baby, so you don’t need to feel hopeless. We will do everything we can.”
###Chapter 1592
Chapter 1592 
“Thank you, doctor,” said Larry upon learning that there was still hope. He sounded hopeful when he uttered those words. 
The doctor gave Larry an affirmative nod before returning to the operating theater. 
“Joan is such a sweet girl. Why is this happening to her?” 
Vivian couldn’t hold her tears in any longer. After the doctor went back into the operating theater, she wiped her tears away as she was very sad to hear the news. 
Finnick sighed. He couldn’t bring himself to say anything, so he waited quietly and patiently. 
Larry’s mind was all over the place at that moment. He recalled everything that happened after Joan got pregnant, and he knew what having a baby meant to her. He didn’t know how to face Joan if they lost the baby, and he could only imagine how devastated she would be. 
The more he thought about it, the more frustrated he felt. In the end, he stopped his mind from going to that dark place and waited patiently. 
The torturous wait continued to drag on. Two more hours passed. 
The light on the door of the operating theater finally got turned off. Everyone stared nervously at the door of the operating theatre as they waited for the end result. 
Larry was so terrified that he didn’t dare to face anything, but he had no choice. He had to go through with it. 
“How is it, doctor?” asked Larry stiffly after he walked up to the doctor.
The doctor exited the room while looking exhausted. When he saw Larry and the others, the doctor shook his head in exasperation. 
Larry’s heart skipped a beat when he saw the doctor shaking his head like that. We must’ve lost the baby. 
The mere thought got Larry’s legs to go numb. He was about to ask the doctor what the verdict was when the doctor spoke up. 
“What is going on? Your wife is only eight months pregnant, so how is the premature baby over three kilograms? The baby is so plump and healthy that there is no sign of him being premature.” 
The doctor looked confused. He was talking to himself and to Larry at that moment. 
“Wait, what did you say? Did you say that the baby is fine?” asked Larry in disbelief. He was so happy that he smiled from ear to ear. 
“Yeah, I just told you, right? It’s a chubby fella that weighs over three kilograms,” replied the doctor, who stared at Larry. It looked like the doctor was wondering if there was something wrong with Larry’s ears. 
“Then, why the hell did you shake your head earlier?” growled Larry. 
He was tempted to punch the good doctor right across the face, but happiness soon overwhelmed him. 
The baby is fine, and so is Joan! There is nothing better than that. 
Moreover, I’m a dad now! 
Larry felt surreal and ecstatic when he thought about how he was a father. 
Vivian and Finnick sighed a breath of relief upon hearing the good news from the side. Both the mother and the child are safe,. All is good!
“Doctor, can we go see how Joan is?” asked Larry immediately. He really wanted to see how Joan was and to meet his baby. 
“Of course, but please be aware that the patient is still weak and needs to rest. Remember not to make a ruckus,” answered the kind-hearted doctor. 
“Got it. Thank you, doctor.” 
Larry was quick to thank the doctor before he walked into the room with his parents. 
Joan had regained consciousness by then, but she still looked pale and weak. A baby was sleeping in her arms as a beautiful smile donned her face. 
“Joan,” said Larry softly when he entered the room. 
Joan shifted her gaze as soon as she heard Larry’s voice. She sounded delighted when she told him, “Come quick, Larry. This is our baby.” 
“Mom, dad, you’re here too,” greeted Joan politely when she saw Finnick and Vivian. 
“Yeah, we came to see you. How are you feeling, Joan?” 
The elderly couple walked to Joan. They were genuinely concerned about her. 
“I’m okay now. Sorry for worrying everyone,” replied Joan sweetly. 
Larry couldn’t speak. He was staring at the baby in Joan’s arms. His heart filled with an inexplicable feeling that words could not describe. 
That was the bond between a father and his child. The endless paternal love within him got ignited the second he saw the baby.
“Come, let daddy hold you.” 
Larry got the baby from Joan. At that moment, he was on cloud nine, and it felt like his life was complete. He no longer had any regrets.
###Chapter 1593
Chapter 1593 
The little baby in Larry’s arm was exploring the new world he had just arrived in. When the baby’s gaze found Larry, his tiny lips curved slightly. It was as if the baby was smiling at Larry. 
“Look, look! The baby is smiling.” 
Finnick and Vivian were beyond excited. They had been waiting for so long, and they were finally blessed with a grandchild. The joy in them was indescribable. 
“Come here. Let grandma hold you too.” 
Vivian suppressed the immense joy in her heart before she headed over to take the baby from Larry. 
The family of five was happy together, and the bland hospital room seemed much brighter. 
Caspian and Nancy still had some things to tend to at their engagement party, so they couldn’t visit Joan at the hospital. 
Regardless, Larry called the newly engaged couple and told them the good news. 
Joan went into labor while attending Caspian’s and Nancy’s engagement party. There weren’t many guests there, but a lot of journalists showed up. 
Those journalists witnessed everything, so the news entitled ‘The Wife of Norton Corporation’s President Was Rushed To The Hospital’ started trending. 
It made it so that many instantly learned that Joan was hospitalized, and that Larry was in the hospital as well. That was just how influential the paparazzi were.
Larry didn’t want to let people with ill-intentions take advantage of the situation and spread malicious rumors. Hence, when the journalists showed up in the hospital and asked Larry about Joan, he announced directly that his fiancée had given him a son that day. 
Soon, Larry’s response to the camera became a written story shared all over the internet. Everyone learned of it, and Marsingfill, which was usually quiet, became lively. 
Carl was watching the television when he learned everything. 
His serene expression instantly turned dark upon hearing that news. He clenched his fists, and hatred burned wildly in his eyes. 
It is them again! Larry Norton and Joan Watts. 
My life is so miserable, and I can’t even live like a normal person anymore. Why do you two get to be so happy and even have a baby together? 
“I will not take this quietly!” 
Carl tossed the remote to the floor. He looked downright evil at that moment. 
You think you’ve gotten your happily ever after? I will make you pay for everything you’ve done! 
Carl’s gaze exuded a vicious and toxic vibe. I will fight! I will fight this unjust destiny even if it’s the last thing I do. 
It was obvious that the emotional distress Carl had endured had distorted his mind. At that moment, nothing was more important to him. He must destroy the happy life that Joan and Larry shared. 
Gabriella was no longer with Carl. She had lost all hope after going through all that injustice at the Johnsons.
She struggled for a long time before she finally made the tough decision of leaving the Johnsons by divorcing Carl. 
Doing all that undoubtedly meant that Gabriella’s life would be full of hardship and poverty. 
She had no skills, and no one was around to protect her. 
She would struggle all alone in that complicated society, and she would definitely face a lot of danger. The direst bit, however, was that Gabriella was pregnant with Carl’s baby at the same time. 
She could’ve chosen to tough it out with the Johnsons because she was pregnant. They would have to be good for her and the baby regardless of how Carl treated her, she would at least have no financial troubles. 
Unfortunately, she was truly done with Carl. She didn’t want to waste her youth on a man who only saw her as a plaything. 
She might’ve been chased out of the Ward family, but that didn’t mean that she no longer had any dignity. 
When Gabriella first asked for a divorce, Carl laughed and mocked her. 
He didn’t believe that Gabriella could survive without the Johnson family’s care, so he took it as a joke. 
He didn’t know that she was serious until she had requested several times for that divorce. 
In the end, Carl agreed to grant her the divorce she wanted. He believed that Gabriella would regret her decision soon and would be on her knees to beg him to take her back. That belief got Carl to grin amusingly.
###Chapter 1594
Chapter 1594 
It had been a while since the divorce was finalized, but Gabriella never returned to the Johnson family’s home or ask Carl to take her back. 
That prompted Carl to send his men out to look for her. Unfortunately, Gabriella was nowhere to be seen. It was as if she had fallen off of the face of the world, and there was no sign of her anywhere. 
Carl became even more worried when he learned that Gabriella was pregnant with his baby. He prayed that she would be back soon, but even something as minor as that had become a fantasy. 
He became more unreasonable after Gabriella left. He locked himself in the house all day, and no one knew what he was doing. 
The news about Joan and Larry simply triggered Carl and made him redirect his focus to them. He had put everything on the line to destroy them. 
At that moment, Carl was defeated and had lost everything, so he no longer cared about his life. 
When Larry broke both of Carl’s leg and got the latter disabled, the insurance company compensated Carl with a hefty sum. 
Carl had always been unwilling to spend that money. However, he could carry out his final plan if he added that money to the liquid assets that he embezzled earlier from his family business. 
He knew that even if he were successful in exacting his vengeance, Norton Corporation would still have enough resources to trace everything back to him. 
But who cares? Living meant nothing to Carl at that moment. Death was a sweet release, and with that idea in his mind, he decided to tap into his last resource.
That day, a man in a black outfit and a black mask showed up in Carl’s place. 
Everyone was curious about who the man was, but they didn’t investigate further because he specified that he was there to see Carl Johnson. 
The man in black knocked on the door to Carl’s room. 
“Come in.” 
Carl’s voice was calm. It seemed he had been expecting that visit. 
The door slowly flung open. Carl grinned when he saw the guy there, and he greeted, “Yuri, you’re here.” 
“Carl, I heard that you got into some trouble lately.” 
The man in black had a heavy accent when he spoke, and he was definitely from a foreign country. 
His name was Yuri Jovovich, a member of the mafia in J Nation. He traveled to Marsingfill some time ago while on a mission, but his subordinates were all killed before he accomplished his mission. Carl showed up in time and rescued Yuri when the latter was in grave danger. Due to that, Yuri was thankful for that help and promised that he would do Carl a favor in the future. 
When Carl called Yuri over, it meant that it was time to return that favor. 
“My issue is rather complicated, but with you here, anything is possible,” replied Carl. 
He laughed it off. Carl never told Yuri the truth, anyway. 
Rescuing Yuri was just a coincidence. Carl was driving around that day when a bloody man suddenly stumbled on to the middle of the street and asked for help.
Yuri was already dying at the time, so Carl wanted to step on the gas and leave as quickly as possible. However, the man spoke with a heavy accent and claimed that he was a member of the mafia in J Nation. He also promised to repay Carl a favor when the time came. 
That promise was what got Carl to change his stance. He was an ambitious man and having an ally like that would undoubtedly be beneficial. 
Regardless of the situation, having an ally from J Nation’s mafia would help a lot. Moreover, if he was sent to Chanaea for a mission, then he must be rather influential within his organization. 
Carl helped Yuri into the car upon coming to that conclusion. The former even sent the latter to the best hospital to receive treatment. 
Yuri and Carl had been friends since then. Whether their friendship would last without the allure of power and money… Well, that was something no one really knew. 
Yuri Jovovich, the mafia member of J Nation… That was Carl’s last trump card. 
“Stop lying to me, Carl. You wouldn’t have called and asked for my help if your issue is only slightly troublesome. Besides, you promised that this will be the only request you will ever make from me.” 
Yuri spoke arrogantly. He knew just how powerful he was, and Carl making the call meant that the latter couldn’t solve the issue on his own.
###Chapter 1595
Chapter 1595 
Carl wasn’t angry when he saw how proud Yuri was. If anything, the former felt like laughing aloud. 
Good. The more arrogant you are, the more likely you will help me accomplish the mission. 
That thought made Carl’s day that there was a spark in his eyes. 
“It’s been so long since we last saw one another, but I still can’t hide anything from you,” said Carl to butter Yuri up, “If that’s the case, then I won’t hide the truth anymore. I’d like to ask you to help me destroy a man. He is Larry Norton, the president of Norton Corporation.” 
“Larry Norton… From what I heard, this man is not a simple enemy.” 
Yuri was proud, but that didn’t mean that he was dumb. 
On the contrary, his intelligence and ability to read other’s expressions were the reason he got to where he was. 
“Norton Corporation is the biggest corporate entity in Marsingfill, and having almost complete control over the company is just one of Larry’s advantages. He also has a good rapport with the underworld You’ve really overestimated me when you say that it is just slightly troublesome.” 
F*ck, this arrogant punk knows so much. Carl still wore a polite grin on his face. 
“Norton Corporation might be powerful in Marsingfill, but you are not a citizen of the city. You live in J Nation, and from what I have learned, you will be heading back over soon. 
“Yes, this is an arduous task, but you will return to your country, regardless of whether the mission is carried out successfully. Larry might be powerful, but even he can’t go all the way over to J Nation and
fight a formidable foe like the organization you work for. The notoriety of your organization is famous globally, and he is not stupid enough to go after you guys.” 
Every word made sense, and Carl spoke so politely and firmly that Yuri’s ego was slowly chipping his rationality away. 
“Well, you’re right about that. We have always thought little of all Chanaeans, and the president of a puny corporation means nothing to us.” 
Yuri lifted his chin proudly as he spoke, and his voice was filled with discrimination. 
You assh*le. I wish Larry kills you off as soon as you accomplish the mission. 
Carl secretly gritted his teeth. He loathed Larry and Joan, but hearing a J Nation citizen diss Chanaea made him angry. 
I can’t act out my frustration before the deed is done… 
“You are right, Yuri. Then, will you be able to do it?” 
Carl waited patiently for Yuri’s reply. 
“Well…” 
Despite everything that was said, Yuri was still hesitating because he had to go back to J Nation in two days. There was no point in offending a powerful figure in Marsingfill at that moment. 
“Yuri, I heard that you are a man of your word, and I will not ask for anything else from you. All I ask is that you do this one thing for me,” said Carl with a straight face on, “Besides, you are too strong to be toppled by a task like this. Why are you still hesitating? Are you scared?”
Carl knew that the more arrogant Yuri was, the more bothered he would be when his ability was questioned. 
“Hah! Me fearing him? That’s not even possible. Just tell me what you need me to do. I will show you how powerful my organization and I are!” 
Yuri no longer hesitated and agreed to help when he saw that a cripple was discriminating against him. 
“That is great. I knew I can count on you, Yuri.” 
Carl was delighted to hear that. He quickly butter Yuri up even more by saying, “The task is actually quite simple. Let me give you an overview. “Both Larry and his wife, Joan Watts, are in the hospital now because she just gave birth to a child. She will be tired because she needs to take care of the baby. 
“You and your men have many options. You can kill Joan, or go after the baby. “It’d be best if you can bring them over, but if that is not possible, just kill them off in the hospital!”
###Chapter 1596
Chapter 1596 
Carl’s voice had so much hatred in it that even Yuri, who was standing at the side, could sense it. A chill ran down Yuri’s spine. 
“Y-you want me to kill them?” 
Yuri started hesitating. Killing either Joan or the baby would mean making a lifelong enemy out of Larry, and Yuri wondered if it was worth it. 
“Do not let them off the hook even if you can’t kill them. I want you to torture them,” spat Carl through gritted teeth. 
After saying his piece, he got a package out from under the table and handed it to Yuri before promising, “Here’s two million, Yuri. Take it as your compensation for carrying out the mission. Once everything is done, I will give you another three million. Don’t feel bad accepting the money. It is but a small thank-you gift from me.” 
Carl didn’t give Yuri all the money because he wanted to keep some for himself. If anything went awry, Carl would use it for his escape plan. 
The sack of money in front of Yuri drowned out that last bit of hesitation he felt. For a middle-ranked mafia leader like Yuri, two million was a huge deal. 
At first, Yuri only felt compelled to carry out the task because he wanted to clear his debt. He became a lot more inspired with the cash in front of him. 
“I see that you are truly a good friend, so don’t worry, Carl. I will definitely complete the task and make Larry pay for what he’s done!” said Yuri confidently.
Carl nodded in satisfaction. As suspected, Yuri is a greedy, money-minded fool who changes his stance as long as money is involved. That’s good. This is exactly what I need. 
You’ve accepted my money. Now, do my bidding! 
Carl grinned slightly. A calculating glow that screamed double-cross was on his face, but Yuri was too engrossed in the money to notice anything. 
The scheme was slowly and secretly unfolding… 
Larry had been taking care of Joan every day from morning to night after she gave birth to the baby. 
Hence, she had recovered quite a bit and could go home after a few more days. 
“Leslie, come let daddy hold you.” 
Larry had a loving grin on him when he took the baby out of the baby cot. Happiness was overflowing in his heart. 
“My mom said that the baby looks exactly like me when I was younger. Looks like he chose to take after me. Awh, I guess that can’t be helped since I am so amazing,” said Larry in a narcissistic tone. Glee was written all over his face. 
Joan found Larry’s immature style to be hilarious. Still, she mercilessly retorted, “I just hope that he doesn’t become like you when he’s older. I heard that a certain someone didn’t like going to the toilet and often wet his bed until he was eight years old. Dear, you are such a wet… I mean, wonderful example.” 
“H-how did you know?”
Larry turned red with shame. Joan’s grin and her seemingly nonchalant gaze got him to feel so awkward that he wanted to hide under the bed. 
“Ah, my mom is just messing with you. That is not real at all. Don’t be fooled.” 
Larry tried to deny it, but Joan had already seen through it all. “It’s fine. So what if you wet the bed? It’s not a big deal. You’re so good in everything else after all, so it’s only natural that there are some things that other kids can do easily while you struggled a little,” teased Joan. 
Then, she stared amusingly at Larry. Hah! I’d like to see you boast now. 
“T-that only happened because I had a nightmare… Ah, never mind, let’s just change the topic, okay?” 
Larry was blushing red when he tried to explain the situation, but he later realized that there was no way to do so. Hence, he ignored Joan completely and went out to have some fresh air. 
When he left the room, he bumped into a stranger and instinctively looked up to see who it was. Turned out, it was a plump doctor in a white coat. Larry had hit the doctor so hard that the good doctor was massaging his own tummy. 
“Sorry, doctor. I didn’t see you there. Are you alright?” asked Larry, who sounded a little apologetic. 
“I’m fine.” 
The doctor’s reply was a little stiff and walked away without ever looking back. 
Ah, the doctor was probably behaving that way because he’s mad at me. Larry tossed that incident out of his mind after grinning bitterly.
###Chapter 1597
Chapter 1597 
Larry was working on his phone as he stood behind the door. He had been using his phone to read the reports that his assistant sent and would deal with certain matters when needed. 
Just then, a nurse with a cart walked over. 
“Hi Denise, are you here to deliver the meal?” asked Larry with a smile. 
As requested by Larry, the hospital specially assigned Denise to take care of Joan’s diet. Naturally, that cost extra. 
“That’s right, Mr. Norton.” 
Denise didn’t look at Larry, and she sounded a little off when she said, “I, uh, I better head in now, Mr. Norton.” 
“Okay, Denise. Thank you,” replied Larry politely before asking, “Denise, are you troubled? Or are you in a bad mood or something? How about I take over for you?” 
Larry suggested sweetly when he saw how distracted Denise was. 
He could help take care of Joan anyway, and it was right for him to take over if Denise was burdened. 
“No, no. It’s fine. I can do it. You don’t need to worry at all, Mr. Norton,” replied Denise quickly as if she didn’t want to trouble Larry. 
Larry didn’t push when he saw how reluctant she was. The two of them weren’t close anyway, and they only knew each other on a professional level. 
Denise pushed the cart into Joan’s room.
“Hey Denise, you’re here,” greeted Joan politely when she saw Denise there. 
“Yeah, Ms. Watts. It’s time for lunch,” replied Denise with a skin-deep grin on, “This is what the hospital prepared today. Here, let me feed you.” 
“Wow, everything looks good today.” 
Joan was grinning like a kid. She never noticed anything off with Denise and was simply happy to see the delicious meal. 
Larry entered the room just then. 
“Why are you so happy over a meal? It’s as if you’ve been starving,” teased Larry lovingly. 
Joan ignored him and picked up her cutleries to chow down. 
“Ms. Watts, wait,” interrupted Denise suddenly. 
“What’s wrong, Denise? Is something up?” 
Joan didn’t know what was up or why Denise was acting so strangely, so the former asked curiously. 
“N-no, I just made a mistake and thought that I saw something in the food,” answered Denise. She looked like she was struggling to speak up, and grinned awkwardly when she added, “Ah, these old eyes of mine are getting worse. Sorry, Ms. Watts.” 
“Denise, that is not true. You’re only a little over thirty. How is that old?” replied Joan with a smile. She thought that Denise was just joking. 
Larry stood at the side and stared at Joan without saying a word. For some unknown reason, he felt like something was off with Denise that day, but he couldn’t quite put a pin on it. It’s as if she is hiding something…
Unfortunately, he had no way of figuring the problem out since Denise refused to voice up. All he could do was to observe from the side. 
Joan picked up the spoon and sipped some soup. 
“Wow, that is amazing. Denise, the hospital chef’s cooking is getting better!” praised Joan instantly. She showed no signs of hesitation and was ready to dig in. 
“M-Ms. Watts, the food might not be cooked properly. Let me get you something else.” 
Denise finally spoke up when she saw how Joan was about to eat up. The former had been struggling for a while, but she had since made a decision. The gaze in her eyes was filled with sorrow. 
Joan got curious and was stunned momentarily. She simply stared as Denise put the food back into the cart. 
“What’s wrong, Denise? Just tell us if there is anything troubling you. I will help you if I can.” 
Larry finally figured out what was up. There must be something wrong with the food. 
Denise panicked after hearing what Larry said. 
“I-I…” 
Denise hesitated. She didn’t know what to say, but the sweat forming on her forehead had betrayed her and showed everyone just how nervous she was at that moment. 
“The food was poisoned, wasn’t it? Who is the culprit? I know you don’t want to hurt anyone, so just tell me the truth, Denise. We won’t make things difficult for you.”
###Chapter 1598
Chapter 1598 
Denise’s expression had exposed everything, so Larry was quick to deduce everything. 
Hearing those words got Denise to stop hiding and finally confessed. 
“I am so sorry, Mr. Norton and Ms. Watts,” said Denise apologetically and in a regretful tone, “I didn’t want to do this either, but I have no choice. Someone made me poison your food. I never wanted to do any of it. Please forgive me!” 
“Someone ordered you to do that? Who is that person?” 
Larry was furious when he heard Denise’s confession. We’re lucky that she has a conscience. If she doesn’t… the consequences would be unimaginable. 
“I don’t know who the culprit is either. I received a call today, and the man told me that he has kidnapped my child. He said to do as he instructed or he will hurt my baby. He even forbade me from calling the police and threatened to kill my baby if I do.” 
Denise cried as she told the truth. She walked to Larry and went on her knees to beg for his help. She said, “Mr. Norton, I never intended to hurt Ms. Watts. Please save my child since I confess in time and turn things around before it’s too late? I know that you are a powerful man, and you must have the means to save my baby.” 
Joan had always been kind, so she couldn’t bear to see how crushed Denise was. 
“Denise didn’t have a choice, Larry, and she never actually ended up doing anything to hurt us. Instead, she confessed, and that alerted us. Please help her,” said Joan.
“Calm down, girls. I know that Denise’s hands must’ve been tied, and I never intended to blame her. Still, we have to work around this carefully. I will send Caspian to find out where Denise’s kid is. I am almost certain that they guessed that Denise wouldn’t do as asked, so they must’ve had a backup plan,” replied Larry. 
He helped Denise up before giving her a forgiving and understanding nod. 
“Then, what do we do now?” asked Joan nervously. She knew that Larry must’ve already made a plan because he had already put things that way. 
“All we can do is wait until they reveal themselves,” answered Larry, “Denise, it’s not safe for you to stay here, so go home for now. If that is not an option, then stay in another corner within the hospital. I will call you immediately after I learn about your kid’s situation.” 
“Okay, sure,” replied Denise immediately, “I will do anything as long as my child is safe. Please help me, Mr. Norton.” 
Larry didn’t answer. He simply nodded. Denise said goodbye to Joan before leaving the room entirely. 
Larry was deep in thoughts as he watched Denise leave. 
Who would want to hurt Joan and I? 
He honestly couldn’t figure it out. Anyone who held any grudge against them was either crushed or disabled, so they didn’t have the resources to carry out a task like that. 
Looks like I will have to watch my back for now. 
He called Caspian later and instructed, “Caspian, help me locate Denise’s child right away. The kid was kidnapped, and you must have him rescued.”
“Understood.” 
Caspian had always been that direct when dealing with serious matters. 
At that moment, Caspian and Nancy were on their way to the hospital. They had been busy and didn’t have time to visit Joan until then. 
After hanging up, Larry realized that someone was spying on him from behind the door. That got Larry’s eyes to glow with cruelty and evil. 
“Who’s there?” roared Larry before he went over to chase after the culprit. 
The man outside the room quickly ran upon realizing that he was discovered. 
He had already left when Larry opened the door, and all that could be seen was a shadow turning a corner. 
“Joan, I’ll go check things out and will be back soon,” informed Larry, before he turned around and ran down the corridor.
###Chapter 1599
Chapter 1599 
The man was fast, but he left an obvious trail behind him so Larry wouldn’t lose him. It was almost as if he wanted Larry to catch him. 
Eventually, Larry found the man on the rooftop of the building. 
He was dressed in a white lab coat and wore a face mask which covered most of his face, but Larry could see the look of mockery in his eyes. 
“You fell for it!” the man said in Chanaean with a strange accent. 
He’s from J Nation? Oh, no… I’m not his target… They’re actually after Joan! I can’t believe how stupid I was! They were obviously trying to lure me away, but I was so obsessed with finding the mastermind behind everything that I let this possibility slip my mind! I’m almost there, Joan! Please be all right… 
Larry thought to himself as he turned around and ran back to Joan’s ward. 
Larry heard her scream as he got closer to her ward and ran at full speed towards the door. 
He let out a sigh of relief when he arrived and saw Joan about to leave the room. Oh, thank goodness, she’s all right! 
“Larry! Our baby! They took our baby! Go get him back!” Joan’s voice was filled with despair. 
A man dressed like a doctor had entered her ward moments after Larry left and snatched her baby out of her arms. 
“What?”
Larry tensed up instantly when he realized he had been so focused on Joan that he didn’t even notice his child missing. 
It hasn’t even been a minute since her screams earlier, so whoever took my baby couldn’t have gotten far! If their plan was to kidnap my baby, then their main priority must be escaping the hospital! 
With that thought in mind, he then ran out of the room and made his way towards the hospital’s entrance. 
Larry stopped in his tracks when he saw the two guys from J Nation at the hospital’s entrance. His eyes were filled with rage, and he looked like he wanted to rip them both to pieces. 
The two guys stopped running as well and had troubled looks on their faces when they saw Caspian and Nancy in front of them. 
The guy holding the baby was Yuri who had been sent by Carl to go after Larry and Joan. 
After a lot of planning, Yuri decided it was easier for him to complete the mission by kidnapping the baby instead of Joan. 
Yuri didn’t have a lot of men in Marsingfill, and it would be too conspicuous to kidnap someone in a public area with a large group of people anyway. 
As such, Yuri decided to only bring one guy with him for the operation. 
Unfortunately for him, Caspian and Nancy had arrived right as his plan was about to succeed. 
“Give me my baby, and I’ll spare your life,” Larry pointed at Yuri and said coldly. 
“Do you take me for a fool or something? I’m not about to hand over my one and only ticket out of here!”
Yuri was panicking a little at being surrounded, but he refused to back down without a fight. 
“You guys had better think this through! I have your baby, and he’ll be the one to pay the price for your rash actions!” Yuri threatened them coldly, not leaving any room for doubt. 
“No, please! Don’t hurt my baby, I’m begging you!”
###Chapter 1600
Chapter 1600 
Joan was the first to crack in the face of Yuri’s threats. 
She was the type who wouldn’t think twice to sacrifice her life if it would keep her baby safe. 
Yuri sneered. “Good! It’s reassuring to see how much you love your baby! Now, back off and let me get out of here unless you want to see your baby bleed! I’m not sure how much blood he can afford to lose, though!” 
His tone was ice-cold, and he sounded like he would really kill the baby. 
“All right, you have our word! Just don’t hurt my baby!” 
Joan had lost all rationality when she saw her baby in danger. “Larry, will you please let him go? I just want our baby to be safe!” 
It pained Larry to see how helpless and desperate she was, but he knew it was even more unlikely for him to get his baby back if he let Yuri leave. 
As he couldn’t tell her that in front of Yuri, all he could do was flash her a reassuring gaze. 
Joan seemed to have understood what he meant and slowly calmed down. 
She had so much trust in Larry to get the job done that it had become second nature to her. 
Yuri got increasingly nervous when he saw them all simply staring at him in silence. 
“This is your last warning! Let me go, or be prepared to give your precious baby a funeral!” he repeated his threat in a louder voice.
Fearing for his baby’s safety, Larry gave in and motioned for Caspian and Nancy to step aside. 
Yuri let out a sigh of relief when he saw them backing off. Phew! Good thing I’ve got this baby in my hands, or I wouldn’t even be able to make it out of here alive! 
With a gleeful smile on his face, he then slowly stepped out of the hospital while keeping an eye on Larry and Caspian. 
Larry waited until Yuri was about to pass him and Caspian by when he asked, “Carl sent you, didn’t he?” 
His tone was filled with certainty, and Yuri felt his eyelid twitch a little when he heard that. 
Did he already know about me and Carl? Is this all just an act? Yuri’s confidence began to waver when he assumed Larry had known about his plans all along. 
“It doesn’t matter who sent me. Your baby is in my hands right now!” 
He tried his best to sound as calm as possible despite being utterly terrified. 
“Carl must’ve paid a lot of money to have J Nation’s mobsters working for him!” Larry said with a smile. 
“Y-You…” Yuri was at a loss for words from the shock of having his suspicions confirmed. So Larry does know all about it! 
Noticing his window of opportunity, Caspian made his move while Yuri was distracted. He grabbed the arm that Yuri was holding against the baby’s throat and twisted it with all his might. 
Thanks to his immense strength as a former special forces agent, Caspian was able to dislocate Yuri’s shoulder with ease.
There was a loud snap, followed by Yuri’s agonized screams. “Ahhhhhh!”

###Chapter 1601
Chapter 1601 
Yuri attempted to hurl the baby to the ground in response, but Caspian was faster and spun around to the other side to catch the baby in mid-air. Having secured the baby in his arms, he then sent Yuri tumbling over with a kick to his back. 
Caspian was so fast that he had accomplished that amazing feat within the blink of an eye. 
With the danger being averted, Larry held Joan steady as they walked up to Caspian. 
“My baby… My baby… Oh, you scared the hell out of me…” Joan mumbled as she examined her baby from head to toe for any injuries before holding him tightly in her arms. I don’t know how I would go on if I were to lose my baby… 
The baby had been completely silent when Yuri was holding him earlier but started crying when he felt Joan’s gentle embrace and familiar scent. 
Joan felt her heart melt when she heard his cries and quickly brought him back to her ward with Nancy’s help. 
The doctors and nurses at the hospital went on high alert after witnessing everything that had happened, so Joan and her baby were safe from any further harm. 
Larry waited till Joan had disappeared from sight before shifting his gaze back towards Yuri who was still wailing in pain as he lay on the ground. 
With a swift motion, he ripped the face mask off Yuri’s face and was finally able to see how he looked like.
Yuri had fear written all over his face as he saw the murderous look in Larry’s eyes and realized how dangerous his mission truly was. 
Given who this guy is and what he’s capable of, I wouldn’t make it back to J Nation alive even if the mission was a success! 
Regretting his decisions, Yuri had no choice but to apologize and blame it all on Carl. “I’m sorry, Mr. Norton! I was just following orders! I didn’t have a choice!” 
“Did you seriously think I’d still believe you? How about you stop coming up with these bullsh*t excuses and just admit to what you’ve done? At the very least, I won’t think of you men from J Nation as useless cowards!” Larry said with a sneer. 
Yuri was an extremely prideful man, so he was unable to accept being insulted and humiliated like that. 
Since he had no way out of it, Yuri figured he might as well come clean about everything. 
“I may have a part in this, but Carl is the one behind everything! I’m from the Jovovich gang. If you spare me, we may have opportunities for partnerships in the future!” Yuri said with a friendly smile. 
Given how powerful the Jovovich gang is, there’s no way he wouldn’t find it at least a little tempting! Who knows, he might even suck up to me just so he could partner up with us! 
Larry saw right through his thoughts when he noticed the gleeful grin on his face. He’s daydreaming at a time like this? My goodness, does his pride and shamelessness know no bounds? He really is something else! 
“Forget it! I couldn’t care less even if the head of the Jovovich gang were to beg me for mercy, let alone a nobody like you!” he said scornfully, much to Yuri’s chagrin.
“You arrogant Chanaean… You’d better let me go right now, or the Jovovich gang will definitely come after you!”
###Chapter 1602
Chapter 1602 
“Oh, you don’t have to worry about that because you won’t be returning to J Nation!” Larry had a devilish smile on his face as he continued, “Caspian, bring him back and show him the warmest hospitality we have to offer. You can hand him over to the police once you’re done. It’s the least we can do to help reduce crime in Marsingfill, after all!” 
“Understood!” 
Caspian nodded and began dragging Yuri towards the car parked near the entrance. 
“The Jovovich gang won’t forgive you for this, Larry! You’ll die a horrible death!” Yuri cursed at him in despair when he realized how doomed he was. 
As he was drawing a lot of attention with his screams, Caspian gave him a hard punch in the gut which had him reeling in pain, shutting him up instantly. 
The other guy that was with Yuri tried to sneak away, but Caspian had his men grab him and drag him into the car as well. 
Just like that, both of their fates were sealed. 
After taking care of things, Larry returned to check on Joan in her ward. 
The baby had stopped crying and was sleeping soundly in her arms while she watched him affectionately. 
It was her way of comforting herself as she didn’t want to experience that feeling of despair and fear of losing her loved ones ever again.
Still a little shaken up by the incident from earlier, Joan flinched when she heard the door open, and only relaxed when she saw that it was Larry. 
“Is everything taken care of?” Joan tried her best to force a smile despite feeling extremely terrible. 
“Yeah, Caspian has taken the two of them away and will hand them over to the police soon.” 
Larry reassured her and gave her a hug when he saw how anxious she was. 
“Those men won’t be coming after us again, right, Dear? Our baby won’t be in any more danger, right?” 
Joan felt herself tearing up as she hugged him back, feeling safe and secure in his embrace. 
“Don’t worry, everything is all right now. No one will hurt our baby ever again!” Despite how confident he sounded, Larry was actually just as afraid when he saw his son being kidnapped and held hostage earlier. 
However, he had no choice but to stay calm so he could make the right decisions and save his son from danger. 
“Those who tried to take our baby from us must pay dearly, Larry! Each and every one of them!” 
Joan had had enough after being attacked countless times and spat those words out angrily. 
I can forgive the horrible things they’ve done to me in the past, but things are different now that I have a child! Anyone who tries to hurt my son shall suffer the consequences! 
Joan’s thoughts matched that of Larry’s perfectly, and he gave her a gentle pat on the back as he whispered into her ear, “Don’t worry, I’ll make sure they pay for what they’ve done. You must be tired, right? Why don’t you lay down and get some sleep? I’ll stay here with you and our baby.”
Feeling a little tired, Joan nodded and lay down, falling asleep shortly after. 
Apart from Joan, I now have to protect my son as well. Not that I mind, though. In fact, I feel kind of happy having a sweet burden like this! Nothing else matters as long as I have them by my side! Larry thought to himself as he looked at Joan and his baby who were sleeping soundly.
###Chapter 1603
Chapter 1603 
Caspian returned to the hospital later on and gently knocked on the door. Larry gave him a nod and adjusted Joan’s blanket before quietly leaving the ward. 
“What did you manage to find out?” Larry asked as the two of them sat down on the benches in the corridor. 
“Everything. The name of the man leading the operation is Yuri Jovovich. You can think of him as a captain or something. He almost got killed while carrying out a mission in Marsingfill, and Carl was the one who saved him, so he owes Carl a favor, and the attempted abduction of your son earlier was his way of repaying that favor,” Caspian explained. 
“All that just to repay a favor? I doubt the people of J Nation are that grateful. There’s no way Yuri would’ve agreed to do this for ,” Larry said in a stern voice. 
Caspian was impressed with his sound analysis. “You’re right. Carl promised him a reward of five million if he could get the job done successfully, which would allow him to live the high life back in J Nation.” 
That explains everything, then. Even I would be powerless against him if he were in J Nation, and Yuri knows it. That’s why he was willing to take such a huge risk! 
“Boss, there’s something I’d like to ask you…” Caspian said with a confused look on his face. 
“You’re curious as to how I knew Carl was behind all this?” 
Larry knew Caspian all too well. 
“Yeah, how did you know? We didn’t receive any information on that beforehand!”
“It was just a guess, actually. Carl and Gabriella are the ones responsible for most of the problems we’ve had lately. Gabriella no longer has the resources to do us any harm, but Carl does. He must have a burning hatred for us after we broke his legs, and Gabriella divorcing him would only fuel that hatred even further. Therefore, it’s most likely that he would be hell-bent on getting his revenge on us,” Larry replied calmly. 
“That’s it?” Caspian asked in disbelief. 
“Yup! I didn’t have a better idea at the time, so I figured I might as well give it a shot. If I get it right, Yuri is sure to freak out, and that will give us a perfect opportunity to strike.” 
“How did you know that Yuri belongs to the Jovovich gang from J Nation?” Caspian asked curiously. 
“That part was easy. Did you not see the tattoo on his arm? That’s the insignia of the Jovovich gang. This is why I keep telling you to be more observant and rational in your approach, but you never listen.” Larry waved at him as he said that. 
Caspian felt dejected as he thought Larry had arrived at that deduction through some ingenious method, only to find out that all he did was look at Yuri’s arm. 
“I’ve taken great ‘care’ of those two as per your instructions, Boss. They’re in so much pain and suffering that death would actually be considered merciful for them. When shall we hand them over to the police?” 
Caspian had a gleeful smile on his face when he said that, which showed just how much he hated them as well. 
“We’ll drop them off at the police station tomorrow. Make sure they’re barely breathing by then. The Chanaean justice system will take care of the rest.”
Although Larry was tempted to have them both killed, he was able to suppress that urge in the end. 
“Okay, I’ll bring them over tomorrow, then… Oh, what about Carl? What should we do about him? We can’t keep him alive, can we?” 
Caspian wanted nothing more than to kill Carl as brutally as possible. 
Larry had assumed he wouldn’t dare try anything after he had become disabled, but Carl proved him wrong by attempting to harm his son. Naturally, that didn’t sit very well with Larry. 
“This man no longer has a reason to exist. Get rid of him for good whenever you see fit.”
###Chapter 1604
Chapter 1604 
“Got it, Boss! I’ll have someone kill him right away!” Caspian replied enthusiastically. 
“Why would you kill him? That’s illegal, you know? We don’t do illegal stuff here,” Larry said seriously. 
“But… I thought you said to get rid of him for good? Isn’t killing him the best way to do so?” Caspian asked in confusion. Why is Boss speaking in riddles today? 
“Accidents happen all the time, Caspian. Carl could have a flower pot fall on his head while passing by a building, or get run over by a car while crossing a road. Nobody could possibly be held responsible for such accidents, right? Besides, don’t you think it’s a lot better to have him spend the rest of his life in a vegetative state?” Larry said with a sadistic grin on his face. 
Realizing what Larry meant, Caspian nodded in acknowledgment and left after excusing himself. 
Joan returned home a few days later after recovering from her obstructed labor, and her wedding with Larry was officially on track. 
When the two of them got engaged, both their families had initially planned on having Joan give birth to her child before picking a date for the wedding. 
However, Joan’s child was born over a month in advance, which wasn’t exactly part of their plans. 
As such, the two families had another discussion and decided to have their wedding a week after her return from the hospital instead. 
With that, both their families got down to business and began their preparations for the wedding. 
Joan had it a little easier as all she had to do was look after her baby.
Larry, on the other hand, had to decide on the wedding’s theme, handle the decoration, plan the photoshoots, and hire the emcee as well as photographers for the event. 
Of course, Larry could’ve just let someone else take care of all that for him, but he chose to do it all by himself. The reason for that was because it would be his first and final wedding in life, and he wanted to give it his best so he would have no regrets. 
Despite things being extremely hectic, the plan was proceeding in an orderly manner. 
On the day of the photoshoot, Larry and Joan had gotten out of bed very early in the morning. After feeding and putting the baby back to sleep, the two of them handed him over to Vivian and left for the studio. 
“That excited, huh?” Larry asked with a chuckle when he saw Joan smiling the whole time. 
“Of course! We’re getting married in a few days, and I get to put on a wedding gown just for you today! Just the thought of it makes me really happy!” 
Joan was as happy as a child that had been given candy. 
They soon arrived at the studio and were greeted by the staff upon entry. 
“Good morning, Mr. Norton and Ms. Watts! Please wait a moment while we prepare for your photoshoot!” the lady at the counter said in a sweet voice. 
Larry nodded. “Sure.” 
The photographer arrived shortly after, and they were ready to begin the photoshoot. 
Larry was tall and handsome, while Joan looked beautiful and elegant. The two of them looked amazing in practically every outfit they put on, much to the envy of those around them.
With some guidance and suggestions from the photographer, Larry and Joan took plenty of amazing photos in all sorts of romantic poses. 
After completing the photoshoot in the studio, they headed out to take some outdoor photos as well. 
Larry wasn’t really feeling anything, but Joan was extremely exhausted from all the posing and changing. Even so, she was more happy than tired.
###Chapter 1605
Chapter 1605 
Fortunately for her, they had no other plans for the day and went home right after the photoshoot. 
Upon arriving home, they found out that Caspian and Nancy had been waiting quite a while for them. 
Nancy visited Joan very often ever since the two of them became close friends, and had been dropping by once a day due to the wedding. 
According to her, the reason behind her visits was to capture every sweet moment between Larry and Joan. 
“Boss! Joan! You’re back!” Caspian and Nancy both stood up and greeted them upon their return. 
“Yeah, we were out for our photoshoot!” Joan replied with a sweet smile on her face. 
Nancy’s eyes lit up with admiration. “Oh, my god! I envy you so much, Joan! I want to put on a wedding gown too!” 
“That’s easy! You two just need to get married, and you can put on any wedding gown you like!” Joan said teasingly. 
Caspian looked a little shy as he said, “Yeah, we’re getting married in two months.” 
“Whoa, that soon?” 
Joan and Larry were surprised when they heard that. They had hoped for Caspian and Nancy to take things a step further after seeing how much they loved each other. 
“I wanted it to be sooner, though! Imagine how great it would be if we could all have our weddings on the same day! But… My family said I shouldn’t get married so quickly after the engagement.”
Nancy pouted as if not being able to have their weddings together was something regrettable, much to the amusement of Larry and Joan. 
“That’s okay, we can attend each other’s wedding, then!” Joan tried to comfort her. 
“You’re right! That’s a great idea!” Nancy got happy again after hearing what Joan said. 
The next couple of days went by with Larry busy preparing for the wedding while Joan stayed home to look after the baby. 
She had Nancy around to keep her company, so it wasn’t all that boring for her. 
Every day, Joan fantasized about how happy her life would be after marrying Larry. 
It was finally the big day. 
A huge crowd of journalists had gathered outside the venue very early in the morning, long before any of the guests had even arrived. 
The Norton Corporation had made a public announcement in the media about their wedding, and the news spread like wildfire in Marsingfill. A lot of people have been looking forward to their wedding ever since Larry proposed to Joan, and now, the long-anticipated event was finally here. 
As per Chanaean tradition, Joan had returned to her parents’ home the night before the wedding so Larry could come to pick her up on the next day. 
It would take over an hour to get from her parents’ home to Marsingfill, so Larry and his men headed out at 8 a.m. to minimize the risk of delays. 
Fifty Lamborghinis parked in a straight line was quite a spectacular sight and gained them a lot of attention from passersby.
Larry’s limited edition Lamborghini soon pulled up slowly at the front. With his command, the driver began the drive, leading all fifty of them towards Joan’s location. 
Meanwhile, Joan was feeling both nervous and excited as she sat by her dressing table and waited for their arrival. 
Fortunately, there were no mishaps along the way, and Larry marched straight into Joan’s room upon arriving at her place.
###Chapter 1606
Chapter 1606 
Larry found himself feeling a little nervous when he saw his beloved woman dressed in a white wedding gown with an elegant accessory on her head and exquisite makeup on her face. 
After a brief pause, Larry regained his composure and gently took her hand before walking out of the house with her. 
Her parents were smiling brightly as they watched from the side, feeling glad to see their precious daughter finally getting married. 
After getting into the car, the group made their way towards the venue of the wedding. 
The huge convoy pulled up outside the venue with practically the entire city watching in anticipation, and the crowd cheered excitedly when they saw Larry and Joan show up hand-in-hand. 
It was the grandest wedding to have ever taken place in Marsingfill. 
After repeated discussions, both their families agreed upon having a traditional Chanaean-style wedding. 
With all the guests finally present at the scene, the emcee began making his announcement, “Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! I would like to begin my speech by expressing my gratitude for being granted the great honor to host this amazing wedding by the Norton family and the Watts family! This event signifies the marriage between Joan Watts and Larry Norton as well as the unity of both their families. Once again, I would like to thank the couple and all of you for taking the time to join us on this joyous occasion! And now, ladies and gentlemen, for the moment you’ve been waiting for! Let us all rise and put our hands together to welcome the newlyweds, Joan Watts and Larry Norton!” 
After the opening speech had been made, it was time for the bride and the groom to enter the scene.
Joan appeared on stage dressed in her white wedding gown with a veil over her face. 
Larry too, came onto the stage on the other side dressed in a matching white suit that fitted him perfectly. 
The emcee then said, “Now, we shall have the couple perform the cake cutting ceremony. May their marriage be filled with sweet moments as they begin this new chapter of their lives together!” 
With that, Larry and Joan made their way to the center of the stage and cut the wedding cake as directed by the emcee. 
“And now, the groom shall lift the veil!” 
Larry then gently lifted the veil from Joan’s face, revealing her stunningly elegant tiara and exquisite facial features which were complemented by a shy blush on her cheeks. 
All of that in combination with her gorgeous wedding dress had the entire crowd captivated in an instant. 
“Without further ado, let us all welcome the best man to say a few words!” 
Needless to say, Larry had chosen Caspian to be his best man for the wedding. 
Caspian then came up on stage and gave a short speech as instructed while making funny faces at Larry, causing the guests to roar with laughter at how funny his story was. 
Larry shot him a stern glare in response as if to say, “When we get back, I’m going to whoop your a*s!” 
Caspian knew Larry wasn’t joking and quickly ended his speech in a more serious manner before getting off the stage.
“Ladies and gentlemen, we shall have the newlywed couple give a toast to their parents and receive their blessings!”
###Chapter 1607
Chapter 1607 
Holding glasses in their hands, Larry and Joan both toasted their parents. Finnick and Vivian, as well as Mr. and Mrs. Watts, clinked glasses with them while beaming from ear to ear. 
Then, they all tossed back the champagne in their glasses, giving their blessings upon the marriage. 
“And now, we shall invite the newlywed’s parents to say a few words!” 
Finnick was the first to go on stage. He first congratulated Larry and Joan before promising to treat Joan well in the future. 
Subsequently, it was Mr. Watts. His speech was more emotional since Joan was his only daughter, and she would no longer be a member of the Watts family after joining the Norton family. While he was happy, he was also a touch reluctant at the same time. 
When he came to a poignant part, tears shimmered in his eyes. 
Of course, they were tears of joy. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, let’s put our hands together once more for the touching speech from both the newlyweds’ parents.” The wedding emcee then continued to declare in a voice filled with passion and delight, “May the newlyweds have an everlasting flow of love and joy in their abiding marriage! And with the blessings of us all, may they have a fruitful union!” 
Subsequently, Larry and Joan gazed at each other lovingly as strains of music started playing in the background. 
“Having received the blessings of both parents, let’s proceed to the first dance by the newlyweds.”
As Joan and Larry faced the person they loved, a feeling of bliss enveloped them at the thought that they would be the most intimate person to the other, never to be separated again henceforth. 
With their gazes fixed on each other, they then started swaying slowly. 
When the dance had finally ended, the emcee proclaimed, “With that, let’s all wish this newly wedded couple all the best in their married life!” 
The biggest difference between a traditional wedding and a modern one was the elaborate conventions observed in the former. 
A modern wedding merely required a recital of marriage vows before the priest and an exchange of rings, but a traditional-style wedding involved multiple segments. 
Next, Larry and Joan did the garter belt toss and the bouquet toss as directed by the wedding emcee. With that, the wedding ceremony gradually drew to an end. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, Larry Norton and Joan Watts are now married in binding matrimony. Let’s wish the newlyweds an eternal love until death do them part. With this, I hereby announce the closing of the curtain to the wedding ceremony of Larry Norton and Joan Watts! Again, thank you for taking the time to come and celebrate this joyful union with us! Thank you!” 
Following the wedding emcee’s concluding remarks, Joan and Larry’s grand wedding ceremony came to an end. 
The entire hall burst into overwhelming cheers and applause. As the guests gazed at Larry and Joan who made a perfect match on stage, they all wished them well. 
At the same time, they all harbored a yearning within them—to have such a resplendent wedding and unwavering love. Even if the cost was death, it would be well worth the price.
Due to the astounding number of reporters who attended the wedding, it was tantamount to a live broadcast of the wedding. 
As such, many people in Marsingfill witnessed the romantic wedding. 
Of course, Gabriella was also one of them. 
The Gabriella of the present had lost all her sharp edges. While she was dejected after being kicked out of the Ward family, Landon gave her a huge sum of money. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have rented a villa. 
However, after her divorce from Carl, she couldn’t even afford to live in an ordinary house, much less a villa. 
Having rented a basement for a few hundred, she lived a destitute life. 
Most importantly, she was even pregnant with Carl’s child. 
Although the child’s father was Carl, she was determined to have the child. No matter how much she hated him, the child was innocent. Furthermore, he or she was part of her. 
Her only motivation in life then was the child in her stomach. The child had also given her warmth, chasing away her loneliness and despair while giving her a ray of hope. 
As she looked at Larry and Joan who was all sweet and loving on the screen, tears of sorrow streamed down her cheeks.
###Chapter 1608
Chapter 1608 
Once upon a time, Gabriella was high and mighty, living a care life. 
She was also a beautiful girl who was pursued by many at one point, and like all girls, she dreamed of having such a resplendent wedding. 
Originally, she could have had all that, but it was too late now. She had committed too many mistakes, so she could only bear the consequences herself. 
She no longer harbored any hatred toward Larry and Joan, for she knew that she was merely reaping what she sowed. At present, her greatest hope was to be able to give the child in her stomach a good life. 
Although the curtain had come down on Larry and Joan’s wedding ceremony, other aspects of the wedding were still in full swing. 
At this time, the guests at the wedding reception had already started enjoying the scrumptious wedding banquet. Precisely then, Larry and Joan made their appearance hand in hand. They began toasting the guests in turn while receiving the blessings bestowed upon them. 
On the whole, everything proceeded in an orderly manner. 
After the wedding banquet had ended, Larry and Joan finally returned to their house. 
As Joan gazed at Larry in front of her, a blissful smile adorned her face. Everything appeared so wonderful that it felt as though it was all a dream. 
After having experienced so much, they were then a legally wedded couple at long last. In retrospect, all the trials and tribulations, as well as sacrifices, were in preparation for their love to come to fruition.
“Mrs. Norton, I’ve waited for this day for a very long time.” 
Larry flipped over and pinned Joan underneath him, his loving gaze threaded with a hint of desire. 
Ever since college itself, this wedding of his with Joan had already been part of his plan. 
However, too many things had happened between then and now. He once thought that he would never get to marry this woman who was the love of his life. 
But fortune smiled on him, and he met her once again. 
And now, his wish had even come true—he had married her. 
Staring at the adoration on Larry’s face and sensing his warm breath caressing her face, Joan started panting slightly. 
Likewise, she had also waited for this moment for a very long time. The luckiest thing that had ever happened to her was making his acquaintance, falling in love with him, and dating him during college. Even after they had parted ways, she still found him amidst the sea of people in the end. 
Looking back, it has always been you. Ah, this feels truly wonderful! I know you’re my destiny, the person who’ll be with me forever, for better or worse. 
“I love you, Larry Norton.” 
Her eyes were slightly glazed as she mumbled in a dreamlike manner, only to condense everything into a single utterance of “I love you.” 
Upon hearing those three passionate words from her, Larry could no longer bank the fire blazing within him. He captured her cherry lips that belonged to him alone.
Joan responded to him zealously, finding his lips so hot that it almost had her melting into a puddle. 
Meanwhile, Larry had never been intimate with her since she was pregnant, so the desire that had been suppressed within him for the past few months finally burst of its restraints at that moment. Thus, the room that was initially filled with a joyous atmosphere was then blanketed by a haze of carnal passion. 
The wedding had ended, but Larry and Joan’s blissful life was only beginning. 
After wrapping up everything at the office, Larry started his honeymoon with Joan. 
Ever since the previous time she had gone on a vacation with Larry, Joan fell head over heels in love with traveling. She kept clamoring that she wanted to go on vacation despite knowing that it wasn’t that easy. 
First and foremost, long trips weren’t feasible for her pregnant self, and she had to ensure that she didn’t overtax herself. 
Secondly, it was a matter of Larry’s identity. As the president of Norton Corporation, he needed to handle all the major and minor matters of the company, so he had no time to accompany Joan on a vacation. Thus, it had been put on the back burner until then. 
At this time, they could finally put down all their commitments and have fun out there, doing something they yearned to do. 
After simply packing their luggage, they set out with their child. And so, the family of three went on a spontaneous trip.
###Chapter 1609
Chapter 1609 
Previously, Larry promised Joan that he would travel the world with her and visit all the places she wanted to go if he had time. 
Thus, their first stop was none other than the romantic capital of Pillere. 
After disembarking from the plane, Joan spread out her arms. Feeling as though even the air in Pillere was infused with romance, she giggled happily. 
Then, she skipped along the streets, finding everything a novelty. 
At the sight of the romantic city, the unique customs, and having the person she loved most by her side, she felt as though she was walking on air. 
Meanwhile, Larry was currently staring at her intently with a smile on his face. When he saw her exhilarated expression, his mood brightened significantly. 
They gorged themselves on the unique snacks in Pillere, enjoyed the stunning scenery, strolled around romantically with hands interlinked, went to the plaza to release pigeons, and watched the beautiful sunset side by side. 
They did everything a romantic couple aspired to do or perhaps was even doing right then, enjoying their romantic moments together. 
“You’re moving like a tortoise, Larry! Hurry up, quick!” 
“Let’s go to the mall to buy some things, Larry!” 
“Dear, that looks delicious! Let’s go and try it!”
“Look, it’s incredibly beautiful over there!” 
Joan unleashed her adorable and lively nature, confident in Larry’s presence. She knew that with him there, she didn’t need to worry about a single thing. 
Similarly, Larry wasn’t as cool and collected as usual either. Instead, he let loose and enjoyed himself with her, enjoying their happiest moments together. 
A honeymoon was supposed to be filled with sweetness and romance, after all. If one had too many burdens or a myriad of things weighing on one’s mind, the true meaning of a vacation would be lost. 
In the following days, they went to Irushea, A Nation, Malarnor, Koandria, and many other countries as well as cities. After traveling across half the globe, they returned to Marsingfill. 
As soon as Vivian caught sight of Larry and Joan returning to Norton Residence, she promptly strode out from the living room. Taking the child from Joan’s arms, she asked Joan, “Did you have fun, Joan? Are you tired?” 
“We had a lot of fun, Vivian. Plus, we’re not at all tired,” Joan answered sweetly. 
“It’s great that you had fun. Go in and rest. Just leave Leslie to me!” Vivian said to her thoughtfully. 
Then, she pressed a kiss to the child in her arms. 
“Let me have a look at you, Leslie. I missed you so much!” 
Without paying Joan and Larry any more mind, she left with Leslie in her arms while keeping up a steady stream of chatter. 
Despite being accustomed to the fact that he was always ignored while his family showed concern for Joan and the child, Larry was still a tad disgruntled every time he encountered such a situation.
Hence, he cast Joan a bitter glance as though chagrined that she had stolen the concern that initially belonged to him. 
Coincidentally, Joan met his gaze at that precise moment. When she glimpsed at his expression, she burst into laughter. 
“Aw, how pitiful, my poor dear! Did your mother ignore you again?” she teased him while gloating. 
Throwing her a petulant look, Larry huffed, “Mom used to greet and inquire after me every time I came home. But now? She finds it a bother to even spare me a glance!” 
“Oh yes, I’ve just discovered something, Dear. And I think I should tell you about it.” 
Joan was still wearing an expression of schadenfreude before that, but in the next second, she suddenly turned solemn. 
“What is it?” 
Bafflement inexplicably engulfed Larry, and he had no inkling what she wanted to tell him. 
“But you can’t be angry after I tell you, okay?” 
“I won’t be angry, so just be frank with me.” 
“The thing I discovered is….” Joan paused for a moment before continuing, “Well, you might not be your parents’ biological child! A stork might have delivered you to them! Haha…” 
Joan started laughing uproariously, appearing very much gleeful. 
Both annoyed and amused by her idiotic antics, Larry chided in feigned anger, “Hey, how dare you make me the butt of your joke? Just wait and see whether I’ll make you pay!”
###Chapter 1610
Chapter 1610 
As Larry said that, he stalked toward Joan. 
“Haha… Stop tickling me! It’s ticklish! I’m ticklish! Haha… I’m sorry!” Joan hastily pleaded for mercy as she dodged Larry’s retaliation. 
The entire Norton Residence turned lively thanks to the visit from the family of three. 
After resting for a few days and keeping his parents company at home, Larry started getting busy with his work. 
Ever since he left, he had entrusted everything to Caspian. Thus, Caspian had been exhausted lately. 
Upon learning that Larry and Joan were back, he called Larry at once. 
“I heard that you’re back, Boss?” Caspian hastily asked the moment the call was connected. 
“I’m not back yet. Who told you that I’m back?” 
Wanting to pull his leg, Larry didn’t tell him the truth. 
“Stop trying to dupe me, Boss. My subordinates had already told me about your return.” 
“Haha, you’re aware of it, huh?” Chuckling, Larry admitted, “I just came back a while ago.” 
“Then, hurry up and come to the office, Boss! There are too many things to handle here, and my brain simply can’t take it!” Caspian griped. 
Indeed, he was meant to be a general and not a commander. He had no problems executing something, but it was exceedingly difficult for him when he had to make decisions.
“Well, just hold the fort for a few more days. I’ve just come back and am not feeling all that well, so I need to rest for a couple of days.” 
After learning that there weren’t any major problems at the office, Larry decided to slack off for a few more days since Caspian was more than capable of handling things. 
“No! Boss, I really can’t take it anymore, so please come and save me!” 
Caspian didn’t believe Larry at all. Considering Boss’ constitution, if he’s feeling unwell just because he’d gone on a vacation, pigs might fly! 
“Okay, okay, I got it. Alright, let’s wrap this up here. I’m hanging up.” 
Not wanting to continue bickering with him, Larry hung up resolutely. 
“But Boss… Hello? Boss? Damn it!” 
Hearing the disconnect tone on the other end of the phone, Caspian was seized by the urge to hit someone. 
Argh! Boss is simply trying to shirk his responsibilities! No, I can’t allow that to happen! 
However, no matter how many times he called Larry, Larry ignored his calls. Ugh! I feel as though I’m going to lose my mind! 
After leaving the donkey work to Caspian for a few days, Larry finally raised a white flag at his fervent begging and came to the office. 
That had Caspian so touched that he was on the verge of tears. Thank God, Boss has finally grown a conscience!
Afraid that Larry would renege on his word, he beat a hasty retreat after greeting him. Yes! At long last, I don’t have to handle this mess anymore! 
Seeing that, Larry shook his head in exasperation. Goodness, he’s so gutless that he’s doesn’t at all fit the mold of a bodyguard! 
The moment he stepped into his office and spotted the documents piled on his table, he suddenly understood why Caspian had taken off. 
Flipping open a document randomly, he saw that the date indicated was actually two weeks ago. Then, he opened another document, only to see that it was three weeks ago! 
Larry was instantly stunned. What the hell? He wasn’t helping me handle things at all! It’s glaringly obvious that he didn’t do anything! 
“Caspian!” Larry roared, his voice echoing in the entire building. 
He initially wanted to take advantage of Caspian for a bit and push some work to him, but unexpectedly, the joke was on him. 
On the verge of tears, he inwardly swore that he would definitely get back at him the next time he saw him. 
Hearing his furious bellow as well, Caspian couldn’t help shuddering. Phew! Thank God I hightailed it out of there fast enough! Otherwise, I would’ve been severely reprimanded again if he had caught me! 
While he had been handling business matters on Larry’s behalf, he had been adopting the attitude of just getting by without having any high ambitions.
If it wasn’t anything crucial or something that could be deferred, he would simply place it aside and leave it for him to resolve himself when he came back. 
That was truly a pain for Larry, and he had no choice but to work overtime for several days in a row to clean up the mess Caspian left him. 
At long last, he was finally done settling everything and planned to have a good rest at home. 
After having breakfast, he wanted to return to bed to catch up on his sleep, but little did he expect Joan to pull him out of bed.
###Chapter 1611
Chapter 1611 
“Dear, Leslie had just gone to sleep, so why don’t you accompany me shopping? I want to buy a few things,” Joan implored coquettishly. 
“Let me sleep for a bit more. I’ll go with you when I wake up,” Larry mumbled groggily. 
Then, he rolled over and continued sleeping. 
When Joan saw that he was ignoring her, she decided to resort to her ultimate means. 
“Ouch, please let go of my ear! Darling, please have mercy on me! I’ll go, okay?” 
Larry hurriedly pleaded for mercy when he abruptly sensed a bolt of agonizing pain assaulting his ear while still sleeping soundly. 
“Hmph! I called you to get up, but you just wouldn’t listen! Serves you right!” Joan declared smugly, looking all proud of herself. 
Ugh! What bad luck! Larry groused with a long sigh as he rubbed his red ear. Then, he grudgingly allowed her to drag him out the door. 
Shopping was in a woman’s nature, and that saying was spot-on. 
Despite her usually weak and fragile appearance, Joan became an entirely different person when she shopped. It had been three hours, but she showed no signs of fatigue, looking very much energetic instead. 
“Darling, I don’t remember you being so fond of shopping before we got married,” Larry remarked on a sigh.
“That’s because I had no time back then. After having experienced so much, I really wasn’t in any mood to shop at that time. Besides, you didn’t have time to accompany me either. Later, I got pregnant, so it was out of the question to shop with a protruding belly. But now, we can come and shop often!” 
Joan’s eyes darted around enthusiastically, seemingly just not having enough of it. 
Upon hearing that, Larry almost broke down. Once or twice is fine, but to go shopping often simply won’t do! 
However, Joan was enjoying herself, so he couldn’t bring himself to burst her bubble. Thus, he said nothing but continued to accompany her shopping in silence. 
When Joan was feeling a tad tired, she sat on a bench by the roadside with Larry to rest for a bit. 
At that precise moment, she suddenly glimpsed a familiar yet foreign figure by the roadside. 
The sense of familiarity stemmed from the fact that she was once acquainted with her, but at the same time, it was foreign because she no longer bore any semblance to the person she once knew. 
It was Gabriella. 
After such a long time, she again spotted her among the crowd. 
Presently, Gabriella was no longer dressed in the beautiful and dazzling clothes of the past, nor did she have a domineering air anymore. 
She was merely an ordinary woman, and time had smoothened all her sharp edges. Dressed plainly, she was actually selling fruits by the roadside. 
With a huge belly proceeding her, Gabriella promoted her wares relentlessly even as she chose fruits for her customers.
She was all alone, rendering her lonely and pitiful. 
In truth, selling fruits was something she was forced to do. To secure a better life for her child when he or she was born, she wanted to find a lucrative job quickly. 
Alas, she was pregnant, so even if she was willing to do menial and backbreaking work, no one would employ her. Having no other choice, she bought a bunch of fruits with the little money she had left and set up a roadside stall at a crowded place. 
The issue of dignity and pride no longer mattered, for survival was the greatest problem staring her in the face. 
Unfortunately, even when she was at the stage where she had to sell fruits by the roadside, she couldn’t make a living properly because an officer from the city council came over shortly. 
“Who allowed you to sell fruits here? I’ve told you countless times that setting up a roadside stall here is strictly prohibited!” the officer asserted sternly while glowering at her. 
“I got it! I’ll leave. I’ll leave right away!” Gabriella blurted in panic. 
She once feared no one and nothing, but now, she was starkly afraid of the city council. 
“Hah! You say that every single time, but I don’t think you’ll learn unless I teach you a lesson!” 
Despite Gabriella’s huge belly and her downcast expression, the officer didn’t sympathize with her the slightest bit. As a trace of disdain flashed across his eyes, he overturned her fruit stall. 
“You simply don’t learn, huh? Have you finally learned your lesson now? If I see you setting up a stall by the roadside again, I’ll overturn it without a single word!” The officer wore a cocky look.
###Chapter 1612
Chapter 1612 
“No, please don’t!” 
All at once, Gabriella got onto her knees and hastily picked up the fruits that were scattered all over the place. 
The officer from the city council, on the other hand, ignored her pleas. After shooting her a glare, he then stalked away. 
Kneeling on the ground, Gabriella burst into tears as helplessness swamped her. 
Why? Just why are there still people who want to pick trouble with me when I’m already in such dire straits? I just want to survive and take good care of the child in my belly! It’s such a simple wish, so why can’t I even have that? 
Desperation engulfed her. If it weren’t for the baby, she truly wanted to jump off a building right then and there. 
However, she couldn’t do that, for life still had to go on. 
She promptly calmed down and resumed picking up the fruits from the ground with anguish written all over her face. 
All that was witnessed by Joan, and a mix of emotions overwhelmed her at the sight. 
Indeed, she deserves such retribution after having committed so many evil deeds. In that, she didn’t pity Gabriella in the slightest, but she was currently with a child.
This is a fitting end for her, but the child is innocent. There’s no reason the child should suffer alongside his or her mother. 
At that thought, an idea occurred to her, and she was increasingly resolved to put it into action. 
Meanwhile, Larry had no idea about everything that had happened. 
At that time, he was focused on something on his cell phone, so he didn’t notice the commotion that had transpired a near distance away. 
But even if he did witness it, he probably wouldn’t have had any sympathy for Gabriella. After all, she shouldn’t have done all that if she hadn’t wanted to pay the price. 
If she hadn’t schemed and plotted, hatching conspiracy after conspiracy, she would still be the high and mighty daughter of the Ward family. 
When one’s motives weren’t right, it would only bring calamity upon oneself. After all, curses, like chickens, came home to roost. 
“Larry, I’m a bit tired, so let’s go home,” Joan said to Larry beside her as she stretched wearily. 
By then, Larry had also put his cell phone away. Smiling, he replied, “Since you’re tired, let’s go home quickly. Leslie might have woken up, and he might even be giving his grandmother trouble.” 
“True, true. Let’s go, then.” 
As Joan held his arm intimately, euphoria flooded her. 
Contrary to the saying that one would only appreciate something after having lost it, she was particularly appreciative of everything she had right then.
The more trials and tribulations one experienced, the greater one’s cognizance of the preciousness of life. 
As they held hands, both vowed to cherish each other until death do them part. 
The moment they arrived home, Joan swiftly went to the bedroom to look in on her child. 
Before leaving, she had specially informed Vivian that she was going out. Presently, Leslie was already awake, and Vivian was conscientiously feeding him milk. 
“I’m back, Vivian. When did Leslie wake up?” Joan greeted respectfully. 
“Just a while ago. He cried when he woke up, so I fed him milk. Now, he’s all docile.” 
Vivian’s eyes brimmed with love as she looked down at her grandchild in her arms. 
“I’m sorry for having troubled you, Vivian. I’ll take over.” 
Joan was a tad embarrassed at having gone out shopping and leaving the child to her. 
“Hey, why are you saying that? It’s my pleasure to take care of my own grandchild, so don’t always be a stranger with me!” 
Vivian feigned disgruntlement. 
“I got it, Vivian.” 
Joan nodded obediently. Gosh, I’ve indeed been a touch too formal with her! I’ve got to remember not to do it anymore, lest it affects my relationship with her. 
A while later, Vivian handed the child back to Joan and went about her own business.
After Joan had finished feeding the child and cradled him intimately for some time, he dozed off again. 
Only a handful of days had passed since he was finally a month old, so his life was basically eating and sleeping. Rinse, repeat. 
Placing him on the crib, she then quietly left the room. 
“Where are you going, Joan?” Larry asked in concern when he saw her leaving the bedroom. 
At that time, he was working in the study. 
“Nowhere. I’m just going to the living room to watch television, so you don’t have to bother about me. Just concentrate on your work.” 
After flashing him a sweet smile, Joan then went to the living room. 
As she sat there, she took out her passbook and bank card from under the table in the living room. They contained the money she earned herself and the stipend Larry gave her regularly.
###Chapter 1613
Chapter 1613 
Ever since Joan became Larry’s fiancée, he was afraid that she would be reluctant to spend, so he would transfer a hefty sum into her bank card monthly. And now, she was a rich woman who had a stipend of a few million. 
After thinking for a long time, she transferred three hundred thousand from her bank card to her backup card. Pocketing the card, she then changed before going to the study and saying to Larry, “Dear, keep an eye on our baby, okay? I’m going out for a while.” 
“Why are you going out again when we’d just come home? And where are you going this time?” 
Although Larry trusted her completely, he still wanted to know where exactly she was going. 
“I’ll tell you when I return, okay? Let me keep it a secret first, Dear,” Joan murmured mischievously as she kissed him on the cheek. 
“I don’t mind letting it slide, but there’s a condition,” Larry drawled solemnly as he stared at her. 
“Well? What’s your condition?” Joan inquired. 
“Kiss me again.” Larry acted very much like a child who was throwing a tantrum. 
“Alright, then.” 
Giggling in exasperation, Joan kissed him lightly on the mouth once more. 
In a flash, Larry hooked his arms around her neck and kissed her passionately. 
After a sizzling kiss, Joan hastily pushed him away. Panting slightly, she then rolled her eyes at him. “You’re happy now, yes? I’m leaving, then. Take good care of our baby, okay?”
“Don’t worry. But come home earlier!” Larry urged in contentment. 
“Will do.” 
Having answered him, Joan then left. 
When she reached the place where they took a break after shopping earlier, she started looking for Gabriella. 
However, she didn’t find any signs of her even after circling the spot where she had set up a stall just now. 
At a loss, she could only inquire about her whereabouts from the proprietress of a grocery store by the roadside. 
“Madam, I’d like to ask about the pregnant lady who was selling fruits by the roadside here earlier. Do you know where she went?” she asked the middle-aged woman who ran the grocery store politely. 
“She was driven away by the city council just now, so she’s most likely selling fruits in the alley ahead. Ah, she’s quite pitiful! Her husband is really lousy to have her sell fruits alone while pregnant. Say, she has truly been dealt a bad hand in life!” the middle-aged woman lamented sympathetically. 
“Thank you, Madam.” 
After thanking the proprietress of the grocery store, Joan headed in the direction she had pointed earlier. 
Finally, she caught sight of Gabriella in the alley by the intersection. 
At that moment, Gabriella was doing her best to promote her wares. Unfortunately, there wasn’t much traffic here, so few were willing to buy fruits.
She then sat there dejectedly with her head hung low, seemingly contemplating something or other. 
Joan silently walked over to her, but she didn’t realize that someone was approaching and kept her head lowered. 
Joan was in no hurry either, merely standing there wordlessly. 
Seemingly sensing a presence beside her, Gabriella then swiftly lifted her head and blurted, “Would you like to buy some fruits…” 
When she made out who it was, she abruptly gaped in surprise. A moment later, something seemingly occurred to her, and she hurriedly dipped her head. 
“Would you like to buy some fruits, miss?” 
She wanted to pretend that she didn’t know Joan, but the obvious tremor in her voice betrayed her. 
“Gabriella Ward, aren’t you going to look up at me when we were once best friends?” Joan murmured in a calm and unruffled voice as she looked at her. 
“You’ve got the wrong person, miss. I’m not the Gabriella Ward you spoke of. I’m just a fruit vendor.” 
“You’re Gabriella Ward, so stop pretending. There’s no point in doing so.” 
At that, a bitter smile bloomed on Gabriella’s face. Knowing that there was no escaping the inevitable, she raised her head in a self-deprecating manner and remarked, “So what if you recognized me, Mrs. Norton? Are you here to mock me?”
###Chapter 1614
Chapter 1614 
“I don’t have any intention of mocking you, nor do I want to hit you now that you’re down. However, I’ll still say all that’s needed to be said.” 
Subsequently, Joan didn’t hold back her punches as she spoke. “You can’t blame anyone for your predicament now because you’re merely reaping what you sowed. You wouldn’t have been reduced to such a sorry state if you hadn’t had harbored tons of malicious thoughts and concocted so many evil plans. Therefore, I have no sympathy for you.” 
Upon hearing this, the bitter smile on Gabriella’s face deepened. 
“I know. All this is retribution for all that I’ve done, so I don’t blame anyone for my predicament now. I no longer harbor a single hint of hatred even toward you—Joan Watts—and Larry Norton, the two people whom I once detested to the marrow and whose relationship I tried my very best to fragment. 
“Now, the only thing I want is to survive and have my baby, then give him or her a good life. So, if there’s nothing else, please leave so that I can continue with my business.” 
Gabriella’s words came from the depths of her heart without any pretense, nor were they meant to garner her sympathy. 
Presently, she was only the mother of a child. No matter how heinous she was, a mother was the noblest and most selfless individual. 
Joan nodded in acknowledgment as Gabriella’s words diminished her enmity against her. 
Indeed, she once committed a grievous offense, but she has now admitted to her wrongdoing. Should I not give such a dauntless woman an opportunity to turn over a new leaf?
After a long moment of hesitation, she made up her mind. 
“Gabriella Ward, let me clarify that I’m not here because of you, much less because I pity you. I’ve seen your predicament, and while I think it’s what you deserve, your child is innocent. He or she shouldn’t be suffering with you. You weren’t a good person, but I hope you can be a good mother.” 
Staring at Gabriella, she continued with a serious expression, “There’s three hundred thousand in this bank card, and I’ve removed the PIN. This money isn’t for you. Rather, it’s for a good mother. Take good care of the child in your stomach and continue living. Don’t deprive your child of his or her mother.” 
Then, she took out a bank card and handed it to her. 
All at once, Gabriella froze. Never in her wildest dreams had she ever imagined that the woman whom she hated most would actually give her such a large sum when she was at her lowest and most vulnerable. 
Oh my God, is she for real? It’s three hundred thousand! To my past self, it would’ve been a pittance, but now, it’s a king’s ransom that can save my life and that of my child’s! With this money, I won’t have to starve anymore. At the very least, I can give birth with peace of mind and find a better job in the future. I’ll no longer have to worry about food and shelter. 
“A-Are you seriously giving me this money?” 
Gabriella’s voice trembled slightly, for she didn’t dare believe the truth that was right before her eyes. 
“To your past self, perhaps this amount is negligible, but I now hope that you’ll put it to good use and be a good mother,” Joan emphasized once more. 
Taking her hand, she then gave her the bank card.
As Gabriella clutched the bank card that was still warm, she was overwhelmed by gratitude and regret. Recalling everything she did to Joan back then, tears streamed down her face. 
“I’m sorry! I’m really sorry! I shouldn’t have done all those things in the past. I shouldn’t have been blinded by my desires and given in to greed, let alone hurt you with a myriad of ruthless ploys. I was wrong, so I’m really sorry. I don’t dare hope that you’ll forgive me, but I hope you’ll accept my apology.” 
She wept bitterly, for she was truly regretful. She regretted having wasted her most precious youth on plotting and scheming, the wrongdoings she shouldn’t have committed that led to her current predicament, and most of all, the trouble and hurt she had caused others. 
Out of the blue, she thought of her father. As his only daughter, not only did I not take good care of him, but I even did so many things that put our family in jeopardy!
###Chapter 1615
Chapter 1615 
Having a child of her own and becoming a mother gave her the emotional dimension to deeply grasp the anguish and despair of her father, having been forced into doing what he didn’t want to. 
I’m so sorry! But it’s too late. 
There was no more chance for her to redeem herself, nor could she make up for the damage she had caused to everyone. 
Looking at Gabriella, Joan knew that she had finally realized her mistakes. Without saying anything else, Joan turned around and left. 
“Look after yourself and take good care of your child. Don’t repeat your mistakes.” 
With that, Joan disappeared at the corner of the street. 
Listening to the words Joan left for her and watching Joan’s figure getting smaller and smaller as she left, Gabriella nodded solemnly. 
There was no turning back to what happened in the past. The only thing she could do was to live the rest of her life well and look after her child, just like what Joan said to her—be a good mother. 
After settling the matter which had been bothering her, Joan returned home in a bubbly mood. The way Gabriella looked when Joan left assured her that her painstaking efforts didn’t go to waste, after all. 
When she reached home, she tiptoed back, trying to avoid catching Larry’s attention. 
Nevertheless, Larry noticed her right from the minute she entered the door. Just when Joan was about to walk into the bedroom, Larry started, “You’re back.”
Joan was notably astounded. She thought she could go back to the room without being discovered, but she was still uncovered in the end. 
“That’s right, Dear, I’m back,” with a smile, Joan replied. 
“Where did you go? Didn’t you promise to tell me about that when you reach home?” 
Larry put aside the things he had been occupied with and looked at Joan with an ambiguous half-smile. 
“Hey, you were the one who told me you’ll let me know what you were doing outside when you come home, and now you’re trying to slip past me without telling me what you were up to. How guileful. If you don’t give me a proper explanation, I’ll teach you a lesson.” 
Larry rubbed his palms together as though he was going to tan Joan’s hide. 
“Alright, alright, I’ll tell you, okay? But you have to promise not to be angry after I tell you about it,” Joan answered helplessly. 
She was going to conceal it from Larry lest he disagreed. However, seeing as such, there was no way she could shy away from it anymore. 
Hence, she gave an honest and exhaustive account of what she encountered when she went shopping that day, particularly that she saw Gabriella selling fruits at the roadside and that she gave her three hundred thousand. 
Listening to Joan’s description, Larry broke into a smile and brushed his finger softly down her nose as he said, both amused and annoyed, “Silly girl, why would I be angry over such a matter? Since Gabriella regretted her actions and was pregnant now, lending her a helping hand is understandable. Nevertheless, with her temperament, are you sure it was genuine repentance?” Larry uttered rather sternly as he was afraid that Joan might have been fooled.
“Probably.” Joan was a little uncertain as well. “Because the way she looked convinced me that she was indeed remorseful about her past misdeeds. Even if she was deceiving me, we’re only losing three hundred thousand. Just think of it as I’ve slipped up helping an ingrate.” 
Laughing, Larry held Joan in his arms and let her sit on his leg. 
“Nonetheless, we have to discuss the money you’ve stacked away without my knowledge.” 
Larry grinned wickedly at Joan. “Well, if you can’t provide a reasonable clarification, you’ll have to get prepared for some bodily torture.” 
Brushing his palm against Joan’s haunch, Larry was a little turned on. 
“That’s not some money I’ve stacked away from you. That’s the allowance you give me every month,” Joan countered discontentedly with her face flushed red as she felt Larry’s palm on her. 
“I don’t care. The money I give you is for you to spend. Any residual is considered a secret stash.” 
Larry had made it clear that he wanted to take advantage manifestly, so it was impossible that he would compromise. 
Joan got up hurriedly from Larry’s embrace and straightened out her clothes which had been mussed up by Larry. 
“Hmph, how could you say that I have a secret stash? Hasn’t that always been men’s privilege? All your money should be kept and managed by me. I don’t care. Hand over all your possession to me now!”
###Chapter 1616
Chapter 1616 
Complacently, Joan threatened Larry, “From now on, I’ll be in charge of the real finances of this family. You should have no ions, am I right?” 
Looking at how snobbish Joan was behaving, Larry’s eyes were filled with affection and tenderness. “Well, of course, I do have an ion to it. Why don’t you reconsider that?” 
“ion overruled, and motion dismissed. My decision is final.” 
Joan returned to Larry’s embrace and rested on his chest kittenishly. 
“That depends on how well you behave then.” 
Seeing that Joan willingly yielded to him, Larry waited no more. Wrapping his arm around her waist, he carried her and paced toward the study. 
“Hey, hey, what are you doing? Aren’t you going in the wrong direction? That’s the study!” Joan quickly reminded Larry. 
“Our baby is sleeping in the bedroom. Let’s not wake him up. Besides,” with a sly smile, Larry continued, “we haven’t tried it in the study before. Let’s try that today.” 
“You’re such a pervert and a total jerk!” 
After finding out Larry’s real intentions, Joan struggled for a bit, but it was all a show and to no avail. Putting her down on the desk which had been cleared, Larry closed the door behind him… 
After their love-making session, Larry carried Joan back to the bedroom thoughtfully.
“Darling, you take a good rest. I shall continue working,” pecking softly on Joan’s forehead, Larry muttered mischievously. 
Still with a dash of faint blush on her face, Joan rolled her eyes at Larry. 
“Run along now, pervert!” 
Larry did not say anything else and with a gentle smile, he got up and prepared to leave for the study. 
Out of the blue, Larry heard the ringing doorbell, so he went to open the door with a rather puzzled look on his face. 
“Who would be here at this hour?” Hesitantly, Larry mumbled. 
“Who else? That couple of lovebirds, of course!” As though she had already known who was at the door outside, Joan chuckled as she said. 
Larry nodded mindfully and opened the door. There standing at the door were none other than Caspian and Nancy. 
Seeing Caspian, a sharp glint flashed across Larry’s eyes instantly. 
“How dare you come over to my house? I swear I’ll tan your hide!” 
Larry was still holding grudges about the previous incident where Caspian schemed against him. How could such a scathing brainiac accept the fact that he had been tricked? He would never feel satisfied if he didn’t get even with Caspian. 
“Boss, forgive me. I had valid reasons and difficulties at that time! My dear wife, quick, put in some good words for me,” as he pleaded, Caspian also retreated and hid behind Nancy. 
“Who’s your wife? We’re not married yet!”
Nancy was rendered speechless. Nevertheless, she still interceded. 
“Larry, let’s not bother him for today. You can clobber him when I’m not around next time,” smiling, Nancy said to Larry. 
Larry had to do Nancy a favor since she had asked him to. Hence, Larry didn’t make life difficult for Caspian, but he was still glaring at him. 
Caspian acted as though he didn’t see that and spoke very naturally, “Let us go in and sit down.” 
As they entered the living room, Joan was already sitting in the sofa waiting for them. As soon as she saw them come in, Joan stood up and greeted them politely, “I knew it was the two of you. Come on in and have a seat.” 
Joan then turned to Larry and instructed, “Larry, make them some drinks!” 
Larry was flabbergasted for a moment. This woman is getting bolder by the day. She’s actually instructing me now. 
Crossing his arms, Larry just stood there and looked at Joan without the slightest willingness to do what she said. That gave Joan a fright and she quickly added, “Alright, let me do it. What a dummy. He can’t do anything.” 
Larry facepalmed and was rendered utterly speechless by Joan. 
Looking at the impish duo, Caspian and Nancy broke into a hearty laugh. 
Especially Caspian who was gloating at what happened. 
Intimidate me all you want as you’ll still have to succumb to Joan in the end. Such is the circle of life. Caspian was contentedly immersed in his thoughts.
Very soon, Joan came back with some tea. Looking at Caspian, Joan gasped in surprise, “Caspian, what happened to your face? There are bruises all over. Were you beaten up by someone?
###Chapter 1617
Chapter 1617 
Hearing that, Larry turned around quickly and took a closer look at Caspian. He didn’t even notice that despite staring at Caspian the whole time. Eventually, it was owing to Joan’s attentiveness that Caspian’s injury was pointed out. 
“Hehehe.” 
Caspian scratched his head embarrassedly and turned to Nancy. He looked like he had something to say, but he was hesitant to speak. 
Eventually, it was Nancy who broke the silence. “It’s me.” 
Nancy smiled rather bashfully. 
“What? It was you who beat him?” Larry and Joan asked in unison. 
“What happened? Did you two have a fight?” Joan was a little puzzled. 
“No, no. It’s not that.” Nancy waved her hand in denial and continued, “We wanted to spar with one another. But I didn’t expect him to be so dumb…” Scratching her head in an abashed manner, Nancy gave a clear account of what happened. 
It was a couple of days ago that Caspian found out his fiancée was a black-belt Taekwondo fighter. Caspian was clearly dumbfounded by the discovery. He just couldn’t relate his adorable and gentle fiancée with a black-belt female fighter. 
With the thought of testing Nancy’s skills, Caspian was ready to have a simple duel with her.
Being a former member of the special forces, Caspian didn’t really pay attention to Nancy’s black-belt capabilities, and he kept assuring Nancy to go all out. 
Seeing that she was looked down upon by Caspian, Nancy was a little piqued and eager to prove herself. 
As a result, Nancy leaped in the air and gave him a sidekick right in his face. Caspian parried her boot confidently but failed to ward it off, and so he was sent flying to the ground by his fiancée. 
Listening to Nancy’s narrative, Larry burst out laughing, while Joan bore a faint smile on her face. Evidently, none of them expected that it would turn out in such a way. 
Seeing the smile on their faces, Caspian was mortified and couldn’t hold it any longer. “You’re way over the line, the both of you. Can’t you laugh afterward when we leave? It’s so embarrassing!” Caspian protested. 
Caspian’s resentful tone prompted Larry to laugh even harder. 
Larry who laughed so hard until his stomach hurt, asked, “What about the result? Who won in the end?” 
At that point, Caspian pulled an even longer face and replied in a helpless manner, “It was a tie, I think. I did my best after that, but I still couldn’t gain an advantage over Nancy.” 
Now, even Larry was astonished. He knew Caspian’s abilities, and that just went on to show how terrific Nancy was as Caspian still couldn’t get the better of her even as he had given his best shot. 
Looking at the zestful and lovely girl in front of him, Larry couldn’t really believe it. 
Seeing that Larry and Joan were both stunned looking at her, especially Joan with her mouth wide open, Nancy’s face turned scarlet. Bashfully, she said, “It’s all because Caspian pulled punches,
otherwise, there was no reason he couldn’t beat me… Oh, no, I mean it was a tie!” 
At the side, Caspian was getting even more upset at that. “Boss, Joan, I really didn’t pull punches!” 
“Shut up. You’re asking for a knuckle sandwich!” 
Waggling her fist with a grimace, Nancy threatened Caspian as she saw that he wasn’t going to stop his grumble. 
Caspian was so frightened that he held his tongue and looked at Nancy meekly. 
Larry knew very well that although Caspian wasn’t able to defeat Nancy in a casual brawl, he would triumph if it were a deadly battle. 
Caspian’s fighting skills derived mostly from actual combat, hence, his moves were steady, unerring, and lethal. However, in occasional dust-ups where he couldn’t really land heavy blows, he would definitely lose the upper hand. 
“Serves you right. Finally, there’s someone who can contain you.” 
Larry was very smug to see Caspian outgunned. There was an indescribable pleasure within his heart. 
“Oh, come on, Boss, you yourself are so submissive to Joan, and yet you have the cheek to laugh at me!” Caspian responded with a disdainful look. 
“I…” For a moment, Larry was tongue-tied listening to what Caspian said. 
As he turned to Caspian, he felt that they were both equally miserable all of a sudden.
###Chapter 1618
Chapter 1618 
As with Joan and Nancy, they were both laughing heartily. 
After chatting for a while, Nancy announced, “Larry, Joan, we have good news for you— Caspian and I are getting married!” With a contented smile on her face, Nancy shared her joy with the other two persons in the room. 
Seeing as such, Joan laughed as well. “Silly girl, do you really think we don’t know when you’re getting married? Rest assured, Larry and I have already prepared the cash gift for you.” 
“Really? How much are you preparing, Joan?” As soon as he heard the word ‘cash’, Caspian’s eyes lit up with anticipation as he turned to Joan, drooling. 
Cash gift from Boss! That must be a formidable sum! Caspian was gleeful. 
“Look at you!” 
Nancy gave Caspian a forehead flick. “We should be glad that Joan and Larry can be there at our wedding. The cash gift isn’t as important.” 
It was so painful that tears almost streamed down Caspian’s face. Seeing that, he quickly declared his true feelings, “That’s right. We don’t need any cash gifts, but if you insist on that, we can’t turn it down either.” 
Ignoring Caspian who was obsessed with money, Nancy asked Joan, “Joan, I heard that both of you graduated from Bainewich College. Is that true?” 
All of a sudden, Joan was startled. College years, that’s such a long time ago.
During her first days in college, she was full of anticipation for a wonderful student life. And just as she had wished, she met the love of her life in college. 
However, regrettably, she dropped out of college during her second year when she fell sick. Not finishing college was Joan’s greatest regret in life. 
Joan’s heart sank at the thought of that. Smiling wistfully, she replied, “Yes, we were in Bainewich College then, but sadly I dropped out due to some personal reasons during my second year over there, and I’ve never returned ever since.” 
“That’s such a coincidence. I graduated from Bainewich College as well. I can’t believe we went to the same college. It’s really a pity that you didn’t finish college, Joan. That’s an important stage in our life!” Nancy bemoaned Joan’s missed college life, and regrets were written all over her face. 
Caspian, on the contrary, was cool about that. “What’s wrong with not attending college? I didn’t even finish high school, and yet, here I am, living so well. If you ask me, I’d say that going to college is just a waste of time. There’s not much of use.” 
“What do you know about that? You haven’t even attended one, of course you won’t understand the pleasure from it.” 
Caspian and Nancy were soon at loggerheads again. 
Looking at the couple engaging in intense dispute, Larry ruffled his hair wearily while Joan was deeply absorbed in her memory of the past. 
Larry knew that Joan didn’t get over the fact that she didn’t complete her studies in college. 
After giving it some thought, Larry made a decision on his own.
After spending some time at the Norton Residence, Caspian and Nancy left. 
After seeing the two of them off, Larry looked at Joan who still appeared absent-minded, and asked, “Joan, I have something to ask you.” 
“Yes? Ask away,” Joan replied with a smile. 
“Are you very bothered about not finishing your studies at college?” Looking deeply into Joan’s eyes, Larry asked in a solemn manner. 
“Well, not really, but I do feel a little uncomfortable about it.” 
Joan was trying to avoid having eye contact with Larry, but seeing the way he stared at her, she gritted her teeth and spoke the truth. 
“I didn’t think I was worthy of you, and I didn’t even finish college. That’s as good as not receiving higher education. How would other people perceive me when I’m standing next to you? They’ll certainly think that I’m not good enough to be the wife of the president of Norton Corporation.” 
Joan’s tone was filled with desolation. It appeared that her dropping out of college contributed to an even more self-abased Joan.
###Chapter 1619
Chapter 1619 
The story of Cinderella and Prince Charming was indeed romantic, but no one knew how true to life it was exactly. 
Seeing the way that Joan behaved, Larry knew that she was overthinking. This silly girl is beating herself up again. 
Taking Joan into his arms, Larry said with his heart aching, “Joan, you’re overthinking again, aren’t you? How many times have I told you? I love you for who you are and not your identity or your educational background. Besides, does it really matter to us how people will look at it? As long as we’re genuinely in love with one another, we’ll only be showered with blessings and envy. There won’t be so much prejudice.” Larry’s voice was gentle. 
Listening to his words, the bee in Joan’s bonnet quieted down, and she regained her composure by degrees. 
When a woman overthought, the way her lover dealt with it and the words from him would often play the most critical and effective role. 
“I know what you mean, but I’m still very regretful for not completing my tertiary education. Background and identity were given by parents; education level, however, is something I could have achieved on my own. Yet, I lost the opportunity.” 
At that point, Joan lamented how impartial destiny was to everyone, as the more she got, the more she lost. 
“There’s nothing to wallow about dropping out of college.”
Larry spoke his mind as he saw how dispirited Joan was, “Since you want to finish your studies, then let’s go back and finish college.” 
“What did you say?” 
Joan was at a loss for a moment as she heard what Larry said. “Going back and finish college? Is that really possible?” 
“Why not? We can go back and let you finish your studies anytime as long as you want it,” Larry told Joan firmly. 
During college years, there were a lot of students who had to defer their studies or drop out for some reason, and there were many among them who went back to complete their studies after getting their problems solved. Hence, to Larry, something like that was very common. 
“Why didn’t you tell me earlier if you knew that it’s possible?” 
Joan felt much better in an instant, but she was a little displeased with the fact that Larry didn’t tell her earlier about it. 
“I didn’t know you still had regrets over it,” Larry protested. “If I had known about it, I would have sent you back to college long ago. Well, even if I had told you earlier, you couldn’t really go back to college then. Too many things have happened.” 
Visualizing the dream she once had and thinking about her chance of fulfilling it, even the smile on Joan’s face turned brighter. 
Larry was right. Too many things happened in the past, and Joan herself was pregnant as well. Now that everything was resolved, Joan could finally set her mind at ease and enjoy the college life she didn’t get to enjoy fully.
“Since you’ve been longing to go back to college, then we should start preparing early and go there in a couple of days.” 
It was easy for them to decide on going back to college and let Joan complete her studies, but there were still a lot of formalities Larry had to go through to help Joan get back to college. 
Nevertheless, Larry didn’t think much about it. Money talks. That’s applicable regardless of whether it was in the past or now. 
Larry graduated from Bainewich College himself, and he had contributed a lot to the development of the college ever since. Therefore, he was already an important figure at Bainewich College. 
Soon, Larry managed to contact the president of Bainewich College over the phone. 
“Hello, who’s there?” The voice of a mature and stable man came over the other end of the phone as the call was picked up. 
“Jesson, I’m Larry. Do you remember me?” Larry spoke in a courteous manner. 
“Ah, it’s you, Larry! How can I not remember you?” Jesson’s tone turned more amiable as he figured out who it was. 
“Larry, is there anything?” After exchanging pleasantries, Jesson inquired directly.
###Chapter 1620
Chapter 1620 
“As a matter of fact, I do have a favor to ask you,” Larry laughed lightly as he continued. 
“Well, you can just tell me directly if there’s anything I can help with. You’ve contributed so much to the college; it’s our pleasure if we can return some favor.” 
Jesson laughed as he was glad to be able to help Larry as well. 
“My wife, Joan used to study in Bainewich College as well, but she was severely ill back then and had no choice but to drop out of college to treat her illness. She also didn’t manage to complete her studies. Now, she’s hoping to return to college to complete her education. I wonder if you can help fulfill this dream of hers?” Larry spoke very tactfully in a pleading tone. In fact, he knew very well that Jesson would definitely help in this matter. 
“Ha, and I thought what a big deal it was. You can just be frank with me if that’s what you want— allowing your wife to continue her studies. That’s nothing to be embarrassed about. Don’t worry, I’ll arrange for that, and your wife would be able to come back to college soon,” Cordially, Jesson answered. For him, it wasn’t a bad thing to make Larry indebted to him at all. 
“Oh, right, Larry, when did your wife withdraw from college? I can talk to the relevant professor right away,” Jesson added. 
“Thank you, Jesson.” Larry replied appreciatively, “My wife dropped out of college during her second year.” 
“Alright, let me get to it immediately. Anyway, Larry, there’s something you overlooked in this matter. How can you not inform me of your wedding? Are you looking down on me?” Jesson pretended to be displeased.
“Jesson, that’s simply not true. I was worried that you’d be occupied. That’s the reason I didn’t trouble you with it. Well, why don’t we have a meal together someday? Let Joan and I take you to dinner to make up to it.” 
Larry had met all kinds of people, so as he heard that from Jesson, he knew exactly what Jesson was thinking. 
“Haha, sure. It’s settled, then!” 
… 
A few days later, they received news from Bainewich College that asked Joan to return to the college before the new term started. 
Joan had also been looking forward to receiving updates from Bainewich College lately. Hence, when Larry got the information, he relayed it to Joan right away. 
“Joan, I was informed by Jesson that you should return to the college before the new term starts and prepare to resume your studies.” 
“Oh, that’s wonderful! I can finally complete my studies!” 
Having heard the great news, Joan hopped all around the room with joy. “I’ll pack up and get prepared immediately!” 
“Don’t worry about that. Wait for me to come home, and let’s go together,” Larry said as he was worried that Joan would be forgetting and leaving things behind. 
“Alright, Leslie is about to wake up soon, so I need to look after him as well. I’ll wait for you to come home, then.”
Giving him a sweet kiss over the phone, Joan hung up the call. 
When Larry reached home, he helped Joan pack all sorts of necessities to be brought to the college. 
Packing was easy. Their only problem was what they should do with their child. 
I can’t possibly bring him to attend classes with me. What if he cries? 
Judging from their current situation, it wasn’t possible for Joan to stay in the dorm. Therefore, Larry bought a house near Bainewich College where they would be staying and also hired a housemaid to help look after their child and manage the household chores. 
As with Larry, he would be Joan’s chauffeur to send her to and pick her up from college. 
After arranging for all these matters, Larry and Joan were ready to bid Finnick and Vivian goodbye. 
Bainewich College was located in Wildefield which was a long way away from Marsingfill. They would have to wait till weekends or during the holidays when Joan had no classes if they wanted to meet in the future. 
Finnick was fine about them leaving and expressed his wholehearted support for Joan’s decision to go back to college and complete her studies. As for Vivian, her eyes brimmed with tears upon their departure.
###Chapter 1621
Chapter 1621 
The reason was that she simply couldn’t stop worrying about that small family of three leaving for a city so far away. 
Plus, she was used to seeing her grandchild every day. Hence, she was bothered by the thought of not being able to see him anymore for a long time and didn’t know what to do if she missed him next time. 
It was only after much persuasion by Larry and Joan that Vivian finally accepted the fact without crying. 
After saying farewell to both Finnick and Vivian, the couple got in the car and headed straight for Wildefield. 
Nancy and Caspian were already in the car. They just had to accompany Larry and Joan for such a major event as Joan resumed her studies in Wildefield. 
Apart from that, due to the long journey to Wildefield, Caspian had another task— to take turns driving with Larry. 
The trip was a merry one with all of them enjoying themselves, talking and laughing along the way. 
A new life was about to begin as they waved their previous life goodbye. 
Throughout the way, Joan was exceedingly gleeful at the thought that she would be experiencing student life again very soon. She was even a little nervous. 
“Larry, all my course mates would be younger than me by five to six years. Would they ridicule me because of that?” Joan asked Larry a little anxiously.
She was no longer the naive young girl she once was, and not only was she married, but she also had her own child already. What if my new course mates are judgmental about me? What should I do? 
“Rest assured. You look just like before, and you won’t look older than the other young girls even if you stand together with them. Plus, it’s really common nowadays to have college students who were married and had kids. I’m sure they won’t judge you differently just because of that. Don’t you worry.” 
Joan had to admit that what Larry said did make sense. 
The college culture had become very open. Not only dating and being in a relationship was usual in college, but even getting married and having children were commonplace. 
Even though Joan had left college for five to six years, but her skin was even younger-looking than the other girls. Coupled with her remarkably charming looks, she would definitely be the prettiest among them all. 
Regardless of where and when, Larry’s words could always comfort Joan and give her peace of mind. Listening to Larry’s words helped Joan ease her nerves, and all that was left within her mind was her anticipation for college life. 
“That’s right, Joan. I can guarantee that those boys in college would lose their minds when they saw you. If it weren’t because you were holding a baby with such a good-looking husband beside you, even I would be jealous!” Looking particularly envious, Nancy gave Joan a soft pinch on her porcelain skin and couldn’t stop praising her. 
“You’re such a sweet talker. What can you get by complimenting me? You yourself are a beauty,” Joan returned the compliment as she was even elated after hearing what Nancy said.
Both Larry and Caspian took a look at each other and immediately, they understood the look in the other’s eyes. Together, they couldn’t help but chuckled dryly as they listened to the women exchanging flatteries among themselves. 
Women are indeed complex beings. 
The ten-hour-long journey gradually came to an end amidst the chit-chat of the four people. Finally, they reached Wildefield, and as soon as they hopped off the car, they immediately went for dinner. During their ten-hour journey, they only had some snacks. Hence, all of them had been starving. 
After dinner, they sat for a while before heading to the house that Larry bought in Wildefield. 
“Whoa, the well-offs are surely on a different level. You’re only staying here for a while, but you bought such a nice house,” looking at the small bungalow in front of him, Caspian said in a rather jealous tone. 
“That’s right, Larry. You’re insanely wealthy and extravagant. If only Caspian were half as rich as you are, I’d thank god for his benevolence!” 
Nancy turned to Larry with a face full of admiration. 
“Hey hey hey, that’s too much. When have I ever got stingy with you?” Caspian protested as he was disgruntled at what Nancy said.
###Chapter 1622
Chapter 1622 
“Yes, I’m saying that you’re stingy. What can you do about that?” Nancy stuck out her tongue smugly. 
“Y-you… If it weren’t because Boss and Joan are here, I’d definitely beat the daylights out of you…” 
Caspian and Nancy were at it again, and Larry and Joan were already used to it and didn’t bother about them. Larry carried the baby who was soundly sleeping in Joan’s arms over. 
Traveling for ten hours in a bumpy journey was somehow a burden to such a young child. 
After putting the baby to sleep in the bedroom, Larry and Joan came to the sofa and sat down. 
“Take a good rest tonight. It’s late already. Joan and I will be going to the college tomorrow for registration, so I won’t bother about your itinerary tomorrow.” 
“Go ahead and do what you need to. Don’t worry about us. Nancy and I will be having fun, going around and getting acquainted with the place and the people around here in Wildefield.” 
Caspian held Nancy in his arms and said with a bright smile on his face. As for Nancy who was cozily lying in his embrace, a dazzling grin also crept up her face. 
The four of them chatted for a while and then went back to rest in their respective bedrooms. 
It was a tranquil night. The next morning, Larry who was still deep asleep was awakened by Joan. “Larry, come on, wake up. It’s time for registration at the college.” 
Joan was so thrilled she didn’t really sleep much the previous night. Nevertheless, up till then, she was still very energetic.
She was too excited. It had been a long wait that lasted for a few years, her heart was already full of yearning for resuming her studies. 
Larry struggled to open his eyes as he asked, “What time is it?” 
“It’s seven o’clock already. Wake up!” 
“The registration doesn’t start until ten o’clock. Why are you so anxious?” 
Larry rolled over and wanted to continue his sleep, but Joan gave him no chance at all. 
“It’s been so long since I left college. Why don’t you accompany me to take a stroll around the campus?” 
Joan grabbed Larry by his shoulder fawningly. 
Larry had no choice but to get up from bed and freshen up. After having a simple breakfast, they drove to Bainewich College. 
Excitement was written all over Joan’s face upon reaching Bainewich College. 
There wasn’t much change to the campus, but the people there were no longer whom she used to know. 
Her course mates back then were either working or looking after their children at that point in time. 
Joan was a little agitated. Coming back to college after five years is just like a dream. 
Looking at the zestful and young faces around her, Joan had a mixed feeling apart from being nervous. 
“Isn’t it good to be young, Larry?”
“Silly girl, you sound like an old lady. You’re still young yourself,” patting on her head dotingly, Larry replied with a gentle tone. 
It brought back the memories of his college years as well. 
Of course, among them, the ones where he was with Joan were the most vivid ones. He recalled how she used to watch him play basketball, the way she looked when she had a meal together with him for the first time, and how shyly she behaved as she accepted him after he confessed his love for her. His heart was filled with infinite tenderness as those memories flashed across his mind. 
Those were their youthful and romantic days to which they held so dearly that nothing in the world could ever replace, not anything or anyone. It was unique and precious to them. 
“Joan, let’s take a walk around the basketball court,” Larry suggested as he held Joan’s hand in his. 
“Sure, let’s go,” it so happened that Joan was thinking the same thing so she agreed without even thinking about it. 
Strolling down the pavement on the campus, both of them were so deeply engulfed in nostalgia and appreciation for their past glory days that none of them realized that, with their appearance, the campus was abuzz and lively all of a sudden. 
“Look at that, quick. That man is so handsome; he looks just like a prince in a fairy tale!” 
“I know, right? What a domineering aura. He might be a president of some company, who knows?” 
“He’s too young to be a president. Maybe he’s the heir of some prominent family. No matter what, I just like him so much!” 
A group of girls was staring at Larry with so much longing in their eyes that they were almost drooling.
“What a pretty girl. She’s totally my type!” 
“Damn, so long as it’s a beautiful girl, it’s your type, eh? She’s my cup of tea!”
###Chapter 1623
Chapter 1623 
“What are you talking about? The one beside her is clearly her boyfriend. Give up!” 
When the group of boys saw Joan, they saw the friendly side of the goddess of their hearts. 
The two chatted merrily as they walked toward the basketball court. Joan did not realize that more people were gathering around them, but Larry did. However, he did not mind the crowd; he was used to a scene like that. 
After reaching the court, the two found a spot to sit down. As they looked at the moving figures on the court, various memories washed across their minds. 
Yet, the blissful session was short-lived as someone who could not read the situation arrived. 
“Hey, the one sitting over there. Do you have the guts to win against me, one-to-one? If you lose, I want to take the girl beside you out for a meal,” a tall boy provoked after walking toward them. 
Clearly, the boy was interested in Joan. Despite the fact that Joan already had Larry beside her, the boy refused to give up. He still wanted to try his luck in this way. 
In the past, Larry would not have bothered himself with such provocations. After all, the capable ones would never provoke him in this way, and he looked down on such actions. 
However, he was in his old college and reminiscing his youthful days. Thus, he found himself feeling impulsive. 
He did not blame the boy for provoking him. To Larry, the boy was just inexperienced in life. 
Impulsively, Larry agreed to it.
“Sure, I can go up against you one-to-one, but the girl beside me is mine. You won’t win against me, nor will you take her away,” Larry enunciated, feeling ardent about the situation. 
“Who knows what will happen?” the boy huffed. “I like the girl beside you. I hope we can have a fair fight, so even if I lose, I won’t be reluctant to admit defeat.” 
The boy was bold, and Larry fancied his character. There was nothing wrong with being daring, and Larry was more than willing to fulfill his request. 
“Quit babbling. Come, you’ll be the one to set the rules,” Larry uttered solemnly. 
Now, he had the opportunity to relive his youthful days in college. 
“The rules are simple. We’ll be going up against each other. Whoever gets ten balls into the hoop first will be the winner.” 
As he spoke, the boy proudly lifted his head. Although the man in front of him seemed intimidating, he was confident about playing basketball. 
The boy was the best player in the school’s basketball team and had various achievements in the game. Therefore, he was also confident of winning the man in front of him. 
Unfortunately, the boy’s confidence was bound to be crushed. Even when he was in college, Larry was already more than skillful in playing basketball. 
Furthermore, after joining the special forces, Larry had become even fitter. 
With the combination of a fit body and his basketball skills, Larry felt that he could even go up against a professional basketball player. 
“Come.”
Like the boy, Larry was full of confidence. He then stood up and handed Joan his jacket. 
“Dear, hold on to this for me. I’ll be right back,” Larry whispered before pressing a kiss on Joan’s face. 
Larry’s actions infuriated the boy, but there was nothing he could do; he could only grit his teeth, swearing in his mind that he would destroy Larry in the match. 
“Okay. Hurry up, then. I’ll be waiting for you here.” 
It seemed like Joan understood what he was trying to do, for she smiled at him with a loving look. 
“Cut the crap and come over,” the boy yelled when he saw the two being intimate with each other. 
Without waiting for Larry, the boy then strode toward the court.
###Chapter 1624
Chapter 1624 
“Let me show you what humility means,” Larry calmly muttered to the boy. 
“Don’t be so full of yourself.” 
Ignoring Larry, the boy then took his first shot. 
The boy’s shot from behind the three-point line landed right in the hoop. Upon seeing that, Larry then took a shot from behind the line as well. 
However, it seemed like it had been too long since Larry played basketball, for his ball did not enter the hoop. 
Instantly, the boy scoffed; he was certain that he was going to win. 
“You lost, so I’m going first,” the boy huffed proudly. 
With that said, the boy walked to the top of the circle. At that, a faint smile grew on Larry’s face as he moved to a defensive position. 
Right as the boy was about to make a breakthrough and while he was dribbling the ball, Larry swiftly stole the ball from him. 
When he saw the smile on Larry’s face, the boy cried out, “Hmph! You were just lucky. Again.” 
Larry said nothing to that. Quietly, he began dribbling the ball as he stared at the boy. With a quick turn, he managed to move past the boy and tossed the ball in. 
The boy was silent as he focused harder on the game instead.
Once again, Larry turned and changed direction. Before the boy could react, Larry had gone past him and took a shot. 
Larry took the ball from the boy in the third round and took another shot from behind the three-point line. Like before, the ball entered the hoop. 
Finally, the boy tucked away the proud look of his face. It seemed like he now knew the difference in skills between Larry and him, but still, he continued to stay in the defensive position. 
In the fourth round, Larry sped past the boy and dunked the ball. The surrounding people instantly cheered. 
Only a few minutes had passed, but Larry already had ten successful shots. In the end, he won the boy with a score of ten to zero. 
When he stared at the boy, the latter fell silent. 
After a beat, the boy declared, “I lost, but I’ll do my best to train myself. I’ll work hard to win you one day, so I’ll definitely keep challenging you.” 
Realizing the boy had good sportsmanship, Larry nodded. “I look forward to future challenges from you.” 
With that said, Larry turned around and returned to Joan’s side. With Joan’s hand in his, they then left the court. 
The surrounding boys and girls were reluctant to see the two leave, but there was nothing they could do. The two were like a match made in heaven, and they could never compare to them. 
Without hesitating, the two headed to the registration desk for freshmen.
Although Joan was in her second year, she still had to go through the procedures that were necessary for all freshmen.” 
“Larry, he’s just a boy. Why didn’t you just go easy on him? You were embarrassing him.” 
Joan could not help but feel pity for the boy earlier. She was sure that the boy would be depressed for a while after the major shock to his confidence. 
“I don’t care. He only has himself to blame for the humiliation and shock for trying to lay a finger on you.” 
Then, with a smile, Larry continued, “But the boy seems like a nice kid. At the very least, he’s a bold boy who has good sportsmanship. I’m sure he’ll get better with more training.” 
Although the people around them were still whispering to each other about them, none came forward to talk to them anymore. Thus, both Joan and Larry finally had a moment to themselves. 
As they walked down the campus roads, they soon found the spot for freshmen to report their attendance and the person in charge. 
“You must be Mr. Norton and Ms. Watts. Jesson has sent me to help you with the procedures. You can call me Lee,” the man said with a smile. 
When the man saw Joan and Larry walking over, he stood up. 
“Jesson is too kind. I’m sorry to trouble you, Mr. Lee,” Larry politely responded with a nod and a smile. 
“Mr. Norton, it’s no trouble. Follow me.” 
Then, Lee led them to their destination.
###Chapter 1625
Chapter 1625 
As they followed Lee, Larry soon helped Joan complete her registration. 
As Joan could not stay on campus, they managed to complete the relevant procedures with Lee’s help. 
After bidding farewell to the lecturer, Joan then went to look for the school counselor, who was supposed to be in Joan’s class. 
With the help of various students on the campus, the two found their way to Joan’s class. 
There was barely anyone in the class. That day was the day was freshmen orientation; the students had left after reporting their attendance. 
By the stage was a woman who looked like a lecturer, and she was reading some documents. 
After knocking on the door, Joan said, “Hello, may I know if you’re Ms. Callow?” 
“Yes, that’s me. You’re…” 
The woman raised her head when she heard Joan’s voice. Then, a look of surprise flashed across her face when she saw Joan. The next look that crept onto her face was a joyous one. 
“Joan, it’s really you! Are you back to study again?” the woman asked. 
“I’m a freshman. You’re… Jaylene Callow?” Joan guessed as she stared at the familiar face. 
“Yes, that’s me! I was just thinking of you when I saw the name Joan Watts. I thought someone had the same name as you, but it turns out that it’s really you. What a coincidence!” 
Jaylene then hurried toward Joan, wanting to see her old friend.
Jaylene used to be Joan’s classmate. Both Gabriella and Jaylene had been her best friends back then. When Jaylene found out that Joan was leaving at that time, she cried buckets. 
“It’s been a few years, and now, you’re a teacher,” Joan said wistfully. 
Time went by in a blink of an eye. The innocent young girl was now a teacher of many. 
“Yes, after graduating, I chose to stay at Bainewich College and become a lecturer. After all, this has always been my dream. This is my first year as a school counselor. I never thought I’d meet you.” 
Jaylene sighed. “What a small world for us to meet in this way.” 
After a moment of silence, she continued, “By the way, Joan, why did you think of coming back to study? I recalled sobbing miserably when you left.” 
As Joan was her old friend, Jaylene looked nothing like a lecturer at that very second. Once again, she was the energetic, bubbly girl she used to be. 
“I had to drop out due to some matters back then. I’ve always felt regretful about not completing my studies. To alleviate the regret, I did everything to improve myself. That’s why I’m back here at Bainewich. Jaylene, you’ve got to take good care of me here,” Joan cheekily said as she stuck out her tongue at Jaylene. 
“Don’t worry. I’ll do my best as the counselor,” Jaylene responded proudly. 
The two then chuckled. 
“By the way, Joan, how were your past few years? Who came with you this time? Do you have a boyfriend? Quick, tell me everything!” 
Jaylene’s rapid question was an obvious sign that she was close to Joan.
“Jaylene, I’m married. You know my husband too.” 
Joan did not plan to hide anything from her old friend. 
“Larry, come in quickly. She’s our old friend.” 
Joan had been the only one to step into the room earlier while Larry stood outside, looking at the scenery. 
When he heard Joan calling out for him, he strode into the room. 
“Wow, Joan, this is your husband? Isn’t he the popular man among the girls, Larry?” Jaylene exclaimed when she saw Larry. 
“So the two of you are the college sweethearts that others are jealous about. I didn’t know the two of you are married. It’s just great news! I’m happy for the two of you,” Jaylene sincerely told them.
###Chapter 1626
Chapter 1626 
With similar enthusiasm, Larry uttered, “The tomboy that laughed so loudly back then is now a beautiful woman. Jaylene, I’m sure you have someone now, don’t you?” 
She was Joan’s friend, so naturally, Larry would be friendly to her. 
Larry’s praise made Jaylene feel shy. She quickly lowered her head to hide her blush from the two. 
It was true that she was quite the tomboy back in college. For her, college was like a beauty salon. Once upon a time, she cared not about her appearance, but now, things were different. 
In a way, she should thank Larry for her change. Back then, Jaylene was one of Larry’s fangirls. As she had a crush on him, she started caring about how she dressed, hoping that Larry would notice her one day. 
Nevertheless, Larry ended up as her best friend’s boyfriend later on. 
Although Jaylene was upset back then, she never directed those feelings toward Joan. Instead, she was happy for her friend. 
“No way am I part of a couple like the two of you. I’m still single. Why don’t you introduce me to someone?” 
Although Jaylene’s heart still skipped a beat when she saw Larry, she quickly dismissed her thoughts for him. 
While it was fine for her to love someone, it would be immoral of her to intervene in someone else’s relationship. As a lecturer, Jaylene was exceptionally mindful of her behavior.
“Joan, Larry, it’s been a long time since you’ve been in a school. Give me a moment, and I’ll take you two on a tour around the campus soon,” Jaylene offered. 
“Sure. I’ve always wanted to look around the school. Moreover, Larry keeps telling me to get close to the counselors. Why don’t we have a meal together later?” Joan suggested as she winked. 
“Of course! I didn’t get to attend your wedding, but it’ll be great if you can treat me to a meal.” 
Clearly, Jaylene loved to eat, as her eyes had lit up upon hearing the mention of food. 
“Ms. Callow, we aren’t bribing you; we’re just inviting you to a meal,” Larry joked. 
“Hahaha!” 
The trio then laughed. Once Jaylene had completed her work, they then headed out of the room. 
The housemaid that Larry hired had arrived the previous night. With the housemaid around, Joan would not need to worry about her baby. Thus, Joan spent a long while chatting with Jaylene before they reluctantly parted. 
She still had plenty of opportunities to meet her, after all. 
When Jaylene had heard that Larry and Joan now had a child, she was surprised again. She then teased that the two were advancing in their relationship a little too quickly. 
After returning home, the first thing Joan did was to check on her child. When she saw the boy sleeping, Joan felt her worries melt away. After watching her son for a while, she then went to the living room. 
Nancy and Caspian had reached home earlier than them. When they saw Joan, Nancy chuckled and asked, “Joan, how was your day?”
“It’s great. I even met my good friend from my college days. She’s now my school counselor,” Joan responded. 
Nancy gasped in surprise. “Wow! That’s such a coincidence. What a small world.” 
Nodding, Joan then asked, “How was yours? Did you have fun?” 
“Ugh,” came Nancy’s response. “I can’t believe a certain someone’s from the special forces. He was too tired to walk after three hours of shopping, so we had to find a place to eat. After food, that idiot then wanted to go home to sleep. I managed to drag him around for two more hours before we came back.” 
Caspian shrugged. “What can I do? You women shop like maniacs. I’m truly tired.” 
Beside them, Larry nodded. Evidently, he was in full agreement with Caspian’s words.
###Chapter 1627
Chapter 1627 
After a while, Caspian continued, “Boss, Joan, you’ve done everything you needed to do, and Nancy and I have enjoyed ourselves. We’ll be going to Marsingfill tomorrow to prepare for the wedding. I don’t want to be in such a rush so that we can avoid missing out on certain things.” 
Back then, Larry had been hectic when he was preparing for his wedding. To avoid becoming like Larry, Caspian had to make preparations earlier. 
“Sure. You should be meticulous in your preparations. You can call me if you have any problems. After all, I’m married,” Larry reminded with a somber expression. 
“Don’t worry, Boss. I’ll definitely come to you first if I have any issues,” Caspian answered as he chuckled. 
Caspian placed all of his trust in Larry. It was a result of having been around Larry for a long time. 
On the following day, Caspian and Nancy then bid Joan and Larry farewell and left for Marsingfill. 
Slowly, Joan had a routine of going to Bainewich College to study. While she was in her classes, she would have the housemaid take care of her child for her. When there were no classes, she would then take care of the boy herself. In the meantime, Larry was responsible for sending Joan to and from work. When he was less busy, he would then stay at home and work remotely. Time ticked away. 
One day, Joan requested a week’s leave, planning to return to Marsingfill with Larry. 
It was time for Caspian and Nancy’s wedding. 
While the two were going to attend Caspian and Nancy’s wedding, they were planning to visit their parents for several days as well.
Thus, early in the morning after breakfast, they left for Marsingfill with their child. 
In the afternoon, the family of three arrived outside Norton Residence. By then, Finnick and Vivian were already waiting outside. 
When they saw Larry’s car come to a stop, Vivian was the first to greet them. 
“You’re finally back. You must be tired from the trip. Quick, come inside and rest. Let me see my dear grandson.” 
Excitedly taking the boy from Joan’s arms, Vivian then stared lovingly at the grandson she had not met for ages. 
Finnick was silent, but he was all smiles as he walked toward them. 
They barely exchanged any words, but it was a tender moment. 
On the next day, Joan and Larry attended Caspian and Nancy’s wedding. 
Although the wedding was not as grand as Larry’s, it was still a lively one. 
After all, Caspian was Larry’s right-hand man in Norton Corporation, and Nancy used to be a socialite who was even more eye-catching than Gabriella. 
When a suited Caspian appeared while holding onto Nancy, who was in a white dress, everyone cheered. 
Larry and Joan both smiled. Both felt satisfied and delighted to see Caspian and Nancy finally marrying.
“Mr. Cassander Piers Angrave, do you take Ms. Nancy Barrymore to be your lawfully wedded wife? To have and to hold, for richer or poorer, in sickness and health, for as long as you both shall live?” 
“Yes, I do.” 
Caspian’s voice was powerful and determined as he made his vow. 
“Ms. Nancy Barrymore, do you take Mr. Cassander Piers Angrave to be your lawfully wedded husband? To have and to hold, for richer or poorer, in sickness and health, for as long as you both shall live?” 
“I do.” 
Nancy’s voice was tinged with adoration as she made her vow. 
“You may now kiss the bride.” 
As Joan and Larry watched the scene, they held each others’ hands. We will be like them. We will love each other until the end of our lives.
###Chapter 1628
Chapter 1628 
A white airplane, destined for Marsingfill, glided across the sky. The milky trail left behind was like a brushstroke from an artist. In the first-class cabin was a man in a black coat, reading the headlines of the newspaper with a frown on his face. 
“Would you like to have something?” the pretty stewardess queried. 
“Just a cup of hot tea, please.” 
Soon, a cup of steaming tea was served. The man put down the newspaper, looking as gentle as he always was. 
The marriage of Norton Corporation’s president with a mysterious woman in Marsingfill. 
After a brief moment, the man sent a text on his phone. Joan, I’m back in the country. You’re the only one I know in Marsingfill. I’ll be reaching around three in the afternoon. I hope I’ll see you around when I get off the plane. 
In seconds, his screen lit up again. Okay. I’ll be waiting for you at the first exit. 
Joan did not tell Larry about her meeting with Dustin. She knew that if she were to tell him, Larry would suggest that he went along with her. 
It would have been fine if she was in the past. However, Joan still remembered the words Dustin told her before he left a year ago. 
The airport was crowded, and it did not help that holidays were soon. Many were rushing home to spend time with their families. It took Joan a long while before she could squeeze her way to a place where Dustin could easily spot her.
Right as he went past the security check with his luggage, Dustin noticed the slender figure. She was like a small flower blooming in a bush, blending into the crowd yet not at the same time. 
Joan’s eyes were still searching through the crowd. Abruptly, Dustin felt like teasing her, so he moved away from the crowd to gently pat her shoulders while she was not paying attention to her surroundings. 
As she had not turned around immediately, Dustin mumbled, “I’m here.” 
His voice startled her instead. When she came back to her senses, she could not help but punch his shoulder. She used little force, but it struck right into his heart, nonetheless. 
“You’re done with your work in A Nation?” Joan asked with a smile. “I thought you were going to stay there for at least three years. When you texted me, I was wondering if you’d come back with some pretty blonde hair girl.” 
Instead, Dustin asked, “Did you… wish that I’m not back?” 
Joan stiffened. That was not what she wanted to convey to him, but it seemed like he was right anyway. A few beats later, she mumbled, “No way. I’m just saying that your research is progressing so swiftly. What a role model for the medical students.” 
“Although it’s progressing quickly, it hasn’t ended yet. I’ve only handed in a report to the director and applied to continue my research back here. I…” 
I missed you so much. That’s why I did that. 
However, Dustin did not utter those words out loud. He had been hesitating about his decision when he was overseas, but now, after reading the newspaper, he chose to let those words die in his throat. He knew she was now married.
Nevertheless, it was too difficult to give her his blessings. The only thing he could say was, “Can I… ask if things are going well with you and Larry?” 
The moment those words left his lips, he felt like smacking himself. She’s now married to Larry; how can she possibly not be on good terms with him? 
When Joan heard Dustin mentioning Larry, she was thrilled; she thought he had let go of his past. Thus, she beamed and replied, “Of course. Let’s have a meal together when you’re . You’re also welcomed to come to our place to eat.” 
Dustin’s heart sank further. Everyone had a chance to court the one they loved, but not him. He thought time would let her grow feelings for him. He wanted to take her away with him, but that hope of his was crushed when she left back then.
###Chapter 1629
Chapter 1629 
Still, he muttered, “I’ve asked my coworker to reserve a table for us at a nearby restaurant. If we don’t go, his efforts will go to waste. Are you tonight? It’s been a while since we had a meal together.” 
Joan was someone loyal and too kind. That was why Dustin was sure she would not reject him. 
Thus, it was unsurprising when Joan nodded after a second. “Sure, but I’ll have to tell Larry about it.” 
While they were on their way to the restaurant, Larry did not pick up Joan’s call. It was only when they arrived at the restaurant then did Larry finally accepted the call. 
On Joan’s face was a sweet smile. It was not like the polite and reserved smile she had for everyone else. Dustin could see that it was a genuine smile. 
“Larry? I won’t be coming home for dinner. I have a friend who just came back from overseas.” 
“A guy or a girl?” It seemed like Larry was busy, for he spoke quickly. Instead of asking who it was, he asked for the gender of her friend. 
Right then, a girl behind Joan loudly made her order, and her voice traveled into Larry’s ears. 
“Okay, got it. Come back earlier. By the way, if you need Caspian to pick you up tonight, tell him earlier. I’ll try to go home as early as I can,” Larry reminded. He sounds like he’s really busy. 
If Joan knew that the minor misunderstanding would have blown up in the future, she would have promptly clarified that the friend she was having dinner with was a guy back then. 
“He’s nice to you,” Dustin mumbled, the comment seemingly for Joan and himself. Then, he sipped on his wine.
The smile on Joan’s face grew wider. “He’s always worried about everything. He’s forgotten that I’m no longer a kid. Oh my, we keep talking about me. What about you? Do you have anyone overseas?” 
Dustin quietly averted her gaze. “Me? I’m always in the lab. Where would I get a girlfriend?” 
“Are you going to be working in the best lab in Marsingfill now that you’re back?” 
“No. My higher-ups have arranged for me to be a lecturer of the Department of Medicine at Nirhaven College. That way, I’ll have more time to research instead of working all day,” Dustin told her. 
However, Joan widened her eyes as they sparkled, and there was a tinge of disbelief in her voice. “Really? You’re working at Nirhaven College?” 
Dustin put down his glass. “What’s the matter?” 
“When we were overseas, didn’t I tell you that I have something I regret? You might not believe what I say next, but I now have an opportunity to fix that. I’ve returned to my studies, and I get to stay in Nirhaven College. Two years later, I’ll be getting my certificate from the college!” 
Dustin could barely believe what he just heard. Is this fate? For a moment, he was transfixed. The confident Dustin in the conference a few days earlier was now nowhere to be found. 
“Please take good care of me, Dr. Silverman.” As she spoke, she lifted her glass toward him. At the same time, Dustin lifted his, the smile on his face bright. “Of course.” 
What Joan did not notice were two pairs of eyes watching her from a distance away. 
“Don’t stop me! I have to tell Boss about this!” 
Caspian’s brows were knitted tightly as he took out his phone from his pocket. However, Nancy was quicker than he is. She stole his phone away.
“No way!” Nancy’s face was red. “Didn’t you see that Joan called Larry earlier? Larry didn’t seem to have reacted to it. If you do this, Larry might think there really is something between you. Are you going to be the one to ruin their relationship?” 
Nancy was not one who was good with her words, but still, Caspian saw sense in them. Caspian did everything for Larry, but that did not mean he would think of the consequences at all times.
###Chapter 1630
Chapter 1630 
When she saw the way Caspian was hesitating, she tugged his arm. “Trust me. Nothing will happen. If we really intervene in Joan’s private matters, we’ll be lucky if we get to clear our name.” 
Then, she huffed at Caspian. 
Sometimes, Nancy was aggressive. Most of the time, she was independent; she rarely relied on him. Hence, when her hand was on his arm, Caspian could not think of anything else. 
He used to be a soldier, so following orders was part of his nature. However, that did not mean he had the right to intervene in someone else’s private life, especially Joan’s. 
When Joan raised her arm to look at her watch, she realized it was already eight at night. They were almost done with their food by then. The entire time, Dustin was the one who did the most talking while she listened to him. 
She listened to him talk about the interesting matters in research, about his work progress, about the culture of other countries, and sometimes, about their past. 
“It’s getting late. I should be going back.” 
Hearing that, Dustin subconsciously responded, “Hm? Let me send you home then.” 
His words amused Joan. “Dr. Silverman, have you forgotten that you just arrived today?” 
Dustin blushed. The next thing he heard her say was, “I’ll hail a cab home. It’s fine.” 
Knowing that his insistence would make anyone frustrated with him, he fell silent. All he did after sending her off was stare at her cab until it disappeared into the night.
He knew his feelings for her that had lay dormant for the past year were waking despite himself. 
On the way back, the cab was met with some troubles. Feeling guilty, the cab driver kept apologizing to Joan and even wanted to refund her money. 
Naturally, Joan rejected him. She knew how tough it was for cab drivers to earn a living. After failing to hail for another cab, she decided to walk home. 
She walked past the busy city and down the vibrant roads. At night, Marsingfill felt more mysterious than in the early morning. Quietly, Joan ambled her way back as she took in the night scenery. 
After unlocking the door, she stepped into a dark house. When Leslie was born, Larry’s parents were worried that they would neglect their child due to their busy work. Hence, they offered to take care of him for them. 
Both Larry and Joan did not reject them. Instead, they would visit the child when they had time. 
“He’s probably not back yet,” she mumbled under her breath. When she flipped the switch for the lights, it temporarily blinded her. 
After rubbing her eyes and opening them again, she could not believe the sight that greeted her. 
Larry was sprawled on the table, the laptop beside him still turned on. She could even see that he had opened several windows on his laptop. 
The man was still in his suit. Under his arm was a stack of notes. His hair was curled at the ends, and he looked exhausted. 
Joan then quietly tiptoed further into the house. She knew that Larry was a light sleeper, and the softest of noises could easily wake him.
Right as she returned with a thin blanket and was about to put it on him, a powerful hand hugged her from behind. Joan lost her balance, and she fell forward onto Larry. 
“When did you wake up?” When Joan looked into his sleepy eyes, Larry smiled. “I woke when you came in the front door.” 
“Then why were you pretending to be asleep?” Joan whined as she frowned. 
For a moment, she was like a complaining kitten, and his heart softened. 
A second later, Joan placed her hand on the table, about to stand. However, Larry tightened his hold on her, and she could feel his breath on the top of her head. In a deep voice, he muttered, “Let me hold you for a little longer.” 
“You have to remember to turn on the lights when you work. Don’t you know that it’s bad for your eyes to work in the dark? Also, remember to rest. Do you really think I don’t know you woke up to work while I was sleeping”
###Chapter 1631
Chapter 1631 
“Work is important, but your health is too. Stop eating the deliveries that the company ordered in. Call me. I’ll bring you food instead. Also…” 
The smile on Larry’s face was only growing wider over time. He pressed her head on his chest and breathed in the scent of her shampoo. “Got it, my dear bossy wife.” 
He then cupped her cheek and tapped his nose on hers. However, the expected kiss never came. Instead, Larry had a solemn look on his face. “You were drinking?” 
Feeling embarrassed, Joan stuttered, “J-Just a little bit of red wine.” 
“You can’t drink when I’m not with you the next time. Not red wine and not even a cocktail. Not even with girls!” 
When she heard that, Joan felt the urge to tell him that she had dinner with Dustin. Things would have been fine if Larry did not know Dustin, but he did. 
To avoid any misunderstandings, Joan swallowed the words at the tip of her tongue. 
She buried her head in the crook of his neck. The cologne on him made her feel at ease, and she rubbed her face on his shirt. 
The world was so big, but his shoulders were the safest spot she found. 
The more one feared a misunderstanding, the more it would happen. That was how cruel fate was. 
On the third week of returning to Nirhaven College, Joan felt no difference in her routine. She went to classes and did her revisions. When she was , she would return to her work at Opulent Designs.
However, her workload was much lesser than before due to the little time she had. 
A solemn-looking Dustin in glasses was a common sight she saw on campus. Every time he saw her, he would smile at her as he touched his glasses. 
College students had an abundance of time. Although the two were only greeting each other normally, the scene became a topic for the college students to gossip about. 
“Isn’t Joan the wife of Norton Corporation’s president?” 
“What? I thought she’s studying here after studying abroad?” 
“She wasn’t studying abroad. She dropped out early on, so she’s just back to study.” 
Even in a prestigious college like Nirhaven College, gossips were the norm. At the start, Joan did not mind the words, but soon, many joined in the gossips. In days, the rumors were like thunderclaps, deafening in her ears. 
She never forgot Dustin’s confession before he left. He was the one to cure her, and that was something that made her feel guilty until now. 
It was not that she did not know what Dustin’s feelings were. Hence, to avoid the rumors from spreading, she decided to keep a distance from him. From then on, every time she saw Dustin, she would lower her head and walk away. In fact, Joan was even wearing darker clothes to keep a lower profile. 
Dustin was quick to figure out what was going on. However, he did nothing about it. Instead, he went to the design department’s classroom and left a note at Joan’s place. I’ll be waiting for you in the library until you come. From Dustin.
After reading it, a myriad of emotions surged into Joan’s heart, and she kept the note away. 
She wanted to pretend as if she did not see it, but the thought of how Dustin was the only one to keep her company when she was deathly ill overseas plagued her mind. 
When she was trapped in a tight spot, Dustin was the one who said he would stay by her side. Joan could not choose to avoid him. Eventually, she had to find a way to resolve it. Facing it was the best way to resolve it. 
The dusk was as beautiful as a watercolor painting. Before the sun fully set, Joan reached the library. 
By then, Dustin had been there for a while. When he saw her, he softly said, “I knew you’d come.” 
“I was thinking that I have to eventually resolve some things.” Joan pulled the chair out. “Dustin, I’m immensely grateful for how you’ve cured my illness back then, but let’s keep a distance on campus. We’ll avoid seeing each other whenever we can.”
###Chapter 1632
Chapter 1632 
Dustin turned away and dropped the smile. “You really don’t want to see me.” 
Joan blurted out, “It’s not that I don’t want. I just can’t.” 
“So you know. You’ve never forgotten about what I’ve said to you.” 
“I’m married to Larry now.” 
Abruptly, Dustin burst into laughter. “You must have misunderstood me. Am I not your friend?” 
“Of course we’re friends,” Joan hastily uttered. “But those rumors are killing me.” 
“If that’s why you’re ignoring me, I can stop those rumors by tomorrow. Will that make me a good friend?” 
Finally, a genuine smile grew on Joan’s lips. She nodded fervently. The reflection of her figure in the mirror behind her was seared into Dustin’s mind. 
Joan never expected the news to travel into Larry’s ears so quickly. 
It happened when Larry was at his peak period. The moment he heard about it, a rush of frustration took over his heart. However, he chose to believe in Joan. 
As he could not stop his work, he made a call to a familiar number. In minutes, Caspian barged into the room and shouted, “Boss, what’s the matter?” 
“Find out the recent interaction between Joan and a man named Dustin. Also, find out who’s the one spreading the rumors.”
Caspian’s heart skipped a beat. When Larry noticed the other man was silent for a long time, he asked, “Is there anything wrong with that?” 
“No… Of course not. I-I’ll take my leave now,” Caspian stuttered, not daring to even look at Larry. 
Larry was perplexed by Caspian’s actions, but before he could ask him about it, the latter had fled the scene. 
“What? Are you serious?” Nancy could not believe what she was hearing. “Did you hear him wrong? How can this be?” 
“There’s no way I could have heard him wrongly. The man we saw that day? Boss is asking me to check his recent interaction with Joan.” Caspian then hugged his arms. “If only we told him that day. What do we do now?” 
Nancy patted Caspian’s shoulders. “I’m sure Joan won’t do anything to hurt Larry.” 
“I know the two of them are close, but how is she going to explain the rumor? It takes two to tango!” Caspian scratched his head, looking stumped. “Argh! How could I have betrayed Boss’ trust?” 
“No. We can’t add fuel to fire. Larry’s already beyond busy recently. If he finds out about these unexplainable events, he’ll only get more frustrated.” Nancy sighed. 
At that very moment, Caspian felt that there was no harder decision than the one he was facing. Firstly, he could not tell Larry about what he had seen. Secondly, he was supposed to be the one to help Larry with his troubles and worries and not the one to add fuel to fire. 
This time, Larry did not receive any news from Caspian about the incident. He knew Caspian was an honest individual; he was truthful to him about everything. Larry kept telling himself that he had to
believe in Joan, but the longer the rumor spread and the quieter Caspian was, and the more anxious he became. 
Thus, he spent his time visiting his parents to find out about how Leslie was now. The boy was growing fast. When he was born, he was completely red. Now, he was plump and fair. In other words, he was adorable. 
“Leslie, can you call me Daddy?” Larry was hunching over by the cradle, coaxing his child. Meanwhile, the baby was making noises as he looked at the hanging elephant. 
Right then, Larry’s mother came over with some soup. “How can a baby so young call you? Come here. You must be tired from work. Come and have some soup.”
###Chapter 1633
Chapter 1633 
Before Larry could reach out for the soup, the happy baby abruptly burst into tears. 
Instantly, the baby’s wail made Larry’s heart leap to his throat. He hurriedly leaned closer and uttered, “Mom, what’s going on? He was just fine a moment ago.” 
Vivian then lifted the baby into her arms. After a while of coaxing, the baby finally fell silent. Beside them, Larry thought, Raising a kid is really the most difficult thing in the world. If I hear the baby crying while I’m working, I don’t think I can be that patient. 
“The baby misses his mother. Kids these ages are usually very close to their mothers. If he can’t see his mother and can’t sense her around, he’ll get agitated.” 
Vivian frowned. “It’s been more than half a month since she came to visit the kid. You should tell her to come more often. How can the kid stand not seeing his mother?” 
Joan… hasn’t come to visit Leslie in half a month? 
Somehow, Larry felt that there was a connection between the rumors he heard and how Joan had not come to visit Leslie for half a month. 
A conclusion appeared in his head—Joan and Dustin are back together. She has forgotten to visit our child. 
If that was not what things were, then Caspian would have swiftly returned with good news after he instructed him to investigate the matter. However, Caspian did not. 
Staring at Leslie’s innocent wide eyes, Larry shook his head vigorously, hoping to get rid of those thoughts.
He told himself, What a husband and wife need most is mutual trust and understanding. 
By the time Larry reached home, it was seven in the evening. The moment he stepped into the house, he heard the sounds of running water from the bathroom. Thus, he knew Joan was home earlier than him. As Larry ruminated over the events, he accidentally dropped the jacket Joan had placed on the chair. 
When he crouched down to pick it up, a folded piece of note fell out of the pocket. 
After unfolding it, a line of unfamiliar handwriting entered his vision. Larry’s eyes widened, and the last word made the hairs behind his neck stand as his fingers trembled. 
At the same time, the bathroom door behind Joan slowly closed. She was drying her hair with a white towel. 
Larry had not said a word to her after coming home, and she did not know why he was crouching on the floor. Right as she was about to tap on his back, he abruptly jumped to his feet. When he spun around, the gaze he had on her was a furious one. 
“Larry? What’s the matter?” Joan asked. 
Instead of answering her immediately, Larry raised his right hand. The note between his index and middle fingers made Joan’s heart rise to her throat. 
“Joan, tell me. What’s this?” Larry gritted out. 
“A note that my friend gave me. What’s wrong? Is there a problem with it?” Joan calmly asked. 
After all, it was true that Dustin was her friend. She was not lying to him.
However, her reply only infuriated him even more. “A friend? What a friend he is! You would rather not see Leslie for half a month for this overseas friend of yours. I see. So this friend is more important than your kid. Why don’t you introduce me to your friend?” 
Every word from Larry was coated with mockery. The word “friend” had become a trigger for his angry outburst. 
If he had not been betrayed a few years ago, if Dustin had not taken Joan away a year ago, and if Caspian had not been silent, he would have believed every word of Joan’s. 
“What do you mean, Larry? Are you saying that I’m lying to you? I’ve only been to two places—the college and the office. I have no excuses to give if you think that I’ve been neglecting Leslie. However, how can you suspect that my friend and I…”
###Chapter 1634
Chapter 1634 
For some inexplicable reason, Joan didn’t dare look Larry in the eye. 
“Dustin?” Larry scoffed with his eyes filled with contempt. He continued to pressure Joan until she had her back against the wall. “He really hasn’t given up, has he.” 
Joan looked at Larry fearfully, his anger visibly reaching its limit. His voice carried with it a hellish tone. “Do you know how preposterous it sounds when Dustin uses the word ‘friends’?” 
“Why must you insist on seeing him in such a negative light?” Joan retorted as she gently shoved him away. 
When Larry saw that she pushed him on account of Dustin instead of apologizing, he fell into a jealous rage and blocked her escape with his arms. 
“Are you defending him? Are you regretting that you didn’t leave with him one year ago? And now that he is back, you can’t help but want to leave with him?” Larry crumpled the note in his hand and hurled it forcefully against the wall, causing it to ricochet away. 
Joan couldn’t believe what Larry had accused her of. She assumed after what they had been through, both of them would become more mature and trusting of each other. However, she didn’t expect their trust to have broken down so easily. 
Briefly stunned, she asked him, “Larry, don’t you trust me? Does this mean you’re doubting me?” 
“Yes!” Larry was never one to hide his words. “Don’t think that I’m not aware of the rumors swirling around. Putting aside the fact I don’t believe in you, what about you? What have you done for me?”
Larry’s thundering voice shook Joan to her core. Despite the innumerable things she wanted to say, she calmed herself down when she saw how hysterical Larry had become. 
“There’s nothing for me to explain. If you don’t believe me, just forget it. Larry, let go of me. Both of us need to calm down.” 
When Larry retracted his arms that were in her way, Joan stormed into the study without even looking back. When he saw her dispassionate silhouette, he was overwhelmed with disappointment. 
Calm down? Joan, how do you expect me to calm down? 
Leaning her back against the closed doors, tears streamed down Joan’s cheeks. 
The disappointment she felt was no different from the time when she saw him making out with Gabriella while delivering a contract to his office. 
“Why, Larry? Am I a shameless traitor not worthy of your trust to you?” 
Despite trying desperately to hold back her tears, they pitter-pattered continuously onto the floor. 
“Mr. Norton, here is this quarter’s financial report. Please see if there are any changes that need to be made…” 
“Get out! Just get out!” With a shove of his hand, the documents the secretary brought were swept onto the ground, causing a bunch of papers to be strewn all over. 
With sweat breaking out on her forehead, the secretary quickly gathered the documents from the floor. Although Larry had a bad temper, he had never vented on his subordinates to such an extent. Having been on the receiving end of his outburst, his secretary was so fearful that she didn’t dare look up. Ignoring the order of the papers, she quickly grabbed all of them and stuffed them back into the file.
Given how angry he was, everything Larry saw seemed to irritate him. Filled with rage, he was further annoyed by the pile of reports on his table that required his approval. Grabbing a cup from the corner of his desk, he then smashed it onto the ground forcefully. 
Upon impact, the drink splattered all over, just like a turbulent wave on a calm ocean surface. 
Kneeling by the ground to pick up the report, the secretary was shaken by what had happened. Immediately, she stood up and rushed for the door. Just when she was about to exit, she bumped right into someone coming in. 
When she saw who it was, she nodded respectfully in acknowledgment. The person didn’t say a word and just motioned for her to leave quickly. 
Given how light the footsteps were, Larry knew who it was without looking. Nevertheless, his mood was equally foul while the room was still filled with tension.
###Chapter 1635
Chapter 1635 
“You too, get out!” 
Caspian kicked aside the reports on the ground. As the secretary had left hastily just now, there were footprints all over them. When he saw Larry bury himself in work, Caspian’s guilt intensified as he struggled with his own emotions. 
“Boss, why are you making things difficult for yourself?” Feeling guilty, Caspian lowered his voice. 
“After going through so much in recent years, why are you letting something trivial bother you to the extent you’re hardly recognizable?” 
Larry cleared his throat. “Trivial?” He sounded as if he was deeply hurt. “If you have been lied to twice by the one you love, Caspian, do you think you can still stand here and calmly tell me this is just a trivial matter?” 
When Caspian remained silent, Larry continued asking, “Have you known about this for a while now?” 
He continuously fiddled with the cover of his fountain pen. “Previously, whenever I asked you to investigate something, you would always inform me of the result right away. But this time, you didn’t.” 
“After cycling through all the possibilities, Caspian, and the fact that we are comrades that have faced death together, I realized there is only one reason that can put you in such a dilemma. And that reason is Joan.” 
Caspian gulped as if something had grabbed him by the throat. Evidently, Larry was someone who easily saw through him. There was no need for him to even explain himself.
By then, Larry had calmed down as he placed his fountain pen back on his desk. Stepping over the documents that he swept away earlier, he walked up to Caspian. Staring at the old scar Caspian received during training years ago, he remarked, “I won’t make things difficult for you. Just tell me yes or no.” 
The atmosphere in the office continued to be tense. Caspian’s silence caused Larry to feel as if his world had collapsed. 
Shifting his gaze away from Caspian’s old scar, Larry stepped around him, brushed past his shoulder before walking away. 
Both men, one in a suit while the other in track attire, had conflicted expressions on their faces. 
It was as if they were so near that they could return to the time when they celebrated their victories on the battlefield together and yet, they were also so far apart that the word “brotherhood” no longer meant anything. 
The moment Larry placed his hand on the doorknob, Caspian’s throaty voice rang out. 
“Joan dined with the man in the restaurant.” As if Larry wasn’t going to believe him, Caspian added the next second, “I saw them with my own eyes.” 
This time, it was Larry that fell silent. He couldn’t imagine how difficult it was to express his feelings when he was struck by sadness, heartbreak, doubt, and anger all at the same time. Hence, the only emotion he could show was a frightening sense of calmness. 
As for Joan, she was in an equally bad place emotionally. Locking herself in her room, she took leave from school before throwing her phone aside. 
She blamed herself for not being careful and letting Larry see the note she carried.
Shaking her head vehemently, she tried to put that irrelevant idea out of her mind. Instead, she told herself to be focused on why Larry reacted so violently when he saw the note. After all, there was hardly anything written on it. 
During the incident with Carl where they even appeared on the news headline, Larry had only instructed Caspian to find out who the culprit was. Unlike today, he didn’t flare his temper at her then. 
Larry always looks for Caspian whenever he needs counsel… 
That’s right! Caspian! This time, I’m sure he will talk to Caspian too. 
Joan’s eyes sparkled as she found Caspian’s number. After giving it some thought, she ended up calling Nancy instead. 
She figured that it would be easier to talk to another woman about this. After all, Caspian and Larry were friends that were willing to die for each other. If she had approached Caspian directly, it might seem awkward for both of them. Furthermore, she wasn’t sure if he was willing to tell her what she wanted to know.
###Chapter 1636
Chapter 1636 
In contrast to Caspian, Nancy was different. She was about Joan’s age and had sincerely wished them happiness during the wedding. With that thought in mind, Joan gave Nancy a call. 
“Hello, Joan?” 
Before she could say a word, Nancy’s voice rang out over the line. As if she was grasping desperately for a lifeline, Joan responded in anticipation, “Yes, it’s me!” 
“Joan, I know why you’re calling me. But I don’t know how to explain this to you. I can only tell you that when you and Mr. Silverman were dining at the restaurant, Caspian and I happened to be there. However, he didn’t tell Larry about it.” 
“But yesterday, when Larry came to see Caspian, asking him to investigate the matter, I noticed how conflicted Caspian looked. Hence, he would likely have told Larry about it.” 
After Nancy finished her long explanation, both of them fell silent. 
While Joan was trying her best to dissect Nancy’s words, the occasional honk from the busy traffic disrupted her thoughts. 
“Joan, who is… Dustin?” Nancy asked bluntly as she wasn’t a sensitive person. 
Despite her best efforts at trying to sound calm, Joan replied with a trembling voice, “Nancy, wh-what do you mean?” 
When Nancy heard the anxiety in Joan’s voice, she began to panic and desperately explain herself, “No… It’s not that, Joan, I don’t mean it that way. I… I was just asking. I have faith in you, but…”
“He is just a friend. When you saw me that day, I was on the phone with Larry. I wanted to tell him who I was dining with. However, he was just too busy and assumed I was meeting another female friend. Before I had the opportunity to explain, he ended the call. I didn’t lie to him!” 
The moment she finished, Joan ended the call, worried that Nancy would raise another question which showed her suspicions. She rather leave things that way. 
Meanwhile, when she heard the sound of a key unlocking the door, Joan knew that it was none other than Larry given the time. 
As Larry sprinted up the stairs, he banged on her room door the moment he arrived. He roared, “Open up! Joan! I know you’re in there!” 
Joan was cognizant that running away wouldn’t solve anything. Given how Larry was almost going to tear down the door with his bloodshot eyes, Joan finally opened it before he resorted to further violence. 
“It was Dustin who dined with you that day,” Larry asserted. It wasn’t even a question where he would give her a chance to explain. Has he concluded that I lied to him over something as trivial as dinner? 
His words only served to intensify the dejection Joan felt. The only reason both of them ended up in such circumstances was that they were too young. 
“Are you going to be with him now?” Larry’s voice was hoarse while his eyes filled with despair. 
Joan’s expression had lost her usual vibrance. 
“How can you even think that…”
Suddenly, her voice turned raspy and her eyes widened in rage, “Larry, after being together for so many years and even having a son together, how could you think of me that way? You don’t trust me at all!” 
It takes more information to make you believe something you don’t want to believe than something you do. Joan was someone stubborn to the marrow. She would never explain herself to someone that didn’t believe in her. As for Larry, his mind was bombarded by all the information he received over the past few days. 
Ever since he knew Joan, he could never think rationally about any matter that involved her. Because of that, Caspian’s final sentence “I saw it with my own eyes” kept repeating in his head. 
As if he was possessed by a demon, he reached out his hand and pushed Joan forcefully toward the ground. Staggering backward, she finally lost her balance and collapsed onto the floor.
###Chapter 1637
Chapter 1637 
“How am I supposed to trust you? Caspian saw you going out with him in secret with his own eyes! Just to avoid things going awkward between us, he chose not to tell me the truth.” 
Larry added, “I now know why you wanted to go back to Nirhaven College. That’s where you can spend time with him. Why didn’t you tell me you were dining with him that day? Why didn’t you tell me that he was at Nirhaven College too? If there’s really nothing going on, why are so many people talking behind your back? Joan, tell me! Explain yourself to me!” 
Just when she thought she had the world, the pain in her knees reminded her otherwise. It seemed to be mocking her choice of the man that she sacrificed everything to love. It also served as a warning, that everything that had happened wasn’t a nightmare, and was real. 
Clenching her own sleeve, Joan sought solace within her own heart. With an expressionless face, she replied, “Since you already have an answer, why do you bother asking me.” 
Larry let out a gut-wrenching laugh. It was so sharp that it seemed to pierce both their hearts. With his bloodshot eyes, he declared, “You admitted it, Joan! You admitted it!” 
“Larry, ever since we got back together, I never expected both of us to fall apart like that. In my mind, I thought that we had been through everything. But I was wrong. We don’t seem to be on the same ground. You trust yourself more than you trust me.” 
Gritting her teeth, Joan pulled herself up with the support of a chair. As tears rolled down her cheeks despite her best efforts to stop them, she pursed her lips. “Let us calm down. We should… take a break.” 
In the end, she didn’t even remember how she left the house that day.
Her pain slowly emanated from her heart and quickly tore through every fiber of her body, to the extent she was numb. 
Before the matter reached the ears of Finnick and Vivian, she decided to drop by first. Coincidentally, both of them were not at home. Only the nanny was there, watching over Leslie. 
When the nanny saw her, she warmly greeted Joan and invited her to see Leslie. Hence, Joan approached carefully. 
Leslie who was quietly laying in the nanny’s arms, suddenly cried non-stop the moment Joan took over. Panicking in response, Joan realized that she had not seen Leslie in a long while. 
Despite being his mother, her presence caused Leslie to feel fearful and unsettled. Joan was heartbroken upon realizing the fact. 
Under the nanny’s guidance, Joan carried Leslie the same way the nanny did. After crying for a while, Leslie finally calmed down. It may have been due to a special connection between mother and son. After all, Leslie did spend ten months inside Joan’s body. 
Leslie had grown really fast. The last time she carried him, he was a lot lighter than he was now. Looking at his chubby face, she saw him smiling without a care in the world. 
It was this smile that triggered Joan’s resolve to raise Leslie herself. Therefore, she had to take him away. 
If Larry continued to misunderstand her, their marriage would likely end prematurely. Hence, she also would also try her best to get custody of him. 
“I’m taking Leslie out to get some sun,” Joan remarked.
The nanny didn’t dare protest. After all, Joan was his mother and had every right to take her son wherever she wanted. Therefore, she could only remind Joan, “In that case Mrs. Norton, please remember to come back early. Or else, old Mrs. Norton would be worried.” 
After bundling up Leslie’s blanket, Joan carefully put her arm around his neck and lay him gently on her arms. 
She didn’t understand why she was feeling that way. Also, she was relieved that Larry’s parents were not at home, providing her the opportunity to take Leslie away. As if she hadn’t come here today, she would never be able to see Leslie ever again. 
Meanwhile, Larry and Caspian were oblivious to the fact that while they were arguing in the office, someone was eavesdropping by the door, and had heard the whole exchange. This person was currently sitting on a leather sofa, leisurely lighting up a cigarette.
###Chapter 1638
Chapter 1638 
As smoke puffed out of his mouth into the air, he crossed his legs languidly. Beside him, a gramophone was playing a piece of classical music from Remdik. 
“Dustin, why must you spread the rumor?” He gently tapped the ash off his cigarette. “My friend, not that I’m flattering you but you have outdone yourself this time, to the extent of having Larry and Caspian running in circles.” 
Smirking, Dustin took a sip of the coffee as he continued to listen. “Dustin, why are you going through all this trouble? Don’t tell me that you still have feelings for her after so many years?” 
“What do you mean by that? She means everything to me. If not for her, I wouldn’t have returned to this country on purpose.” 
The man threw away the cigarette butt. “Let me give you some friendly advice. That woman is not only married but is also a mother. You’re a rich and young college professor who is well known in the medical fraternity. Why must you insist on tormenting yourself over her?” 
Dustin finished his coffee in one gulp. 
“You are still too young. In this life, it’s really hard to find someone you truly love. What’s even harder is to have the opportunity to pursue her.” 
“What? Are you planning on breaking them up?” The man raised his eyebrows. “Putting all that aside, even if you managed to do so, what are you going to do about the child? Are you really that magnanimous to stay by her side and raise someone else’s kid?” 
Instead of replying, Dustin burst into laughter.
“Caspian, drink some water. Don’t just sit there and sulk.” Nancy was holding a glass of water as she stood meekly behind him. 
Caspian’s hair was in a mess. Ever since she knew him, she had never seen him so distraught before. 
“Caspian, please say something, alright? You’re making me worry…” Realizing Caspian was ignoring her, Nancy approached him and patted him on his shoulder. 
“Nancy, we shouldn’t have hidden the matter from Boss. Despite knowing that it would be impossible to hide anyway, we still proceeded with the foolish choice. Do you know that how disappointed he was when he looked at me this morning? Ever since we survived our time in the army, Boss has always trusted me. But this time, he was really disillusioned.” 
Nancy too was filled with guilt. If it wasn’t for her hesitation, Larry and Caspian’s relationship wouldn’t have been strained to this extent. 
She just couldn’t figure out one thing. Given Joan’s character, it was unlike her to do something that would cause Larry to misunderstand and fly into a jealous rage. 
When Nancy put her arms around Caspian, she noticed the vibe he was emitting was very solemn in contrast to when she first met him. As for Caspian, he felt really bad on her behalf. 
As both of them had just gotten married, they didn’t expect to encounter problems in such a short time even though it was their friends who were going through a relationship crisis. However, their relationship was even closer than that of normal siblings. 
“I’m sorry, Mr. Norton, Mrs. Norton, it was Ms. Joan that demanded to take Leslie out. As she is Mr. Larry’s wife, I didn’t see a problem with her doing so…” The nanny stood in front of them meekly.
Filled with anxiety, Vivian was sweating profusely. “She is not answering her phone. Taking Leslie out isn’t the problem. But why isn’t she bringing him back?” 
With a phone in hand, Finnick tried calling Larry’s office but the line was always busy. Despite his usually calm temperament, Finnick was enraged. 
Rolling up his sleeves, he threw the phone onto the sofa. “What is it that is keeping him so busy? To the extent, he no longer cares about his son!” 
“Can it be that both of them are in a fight? In her anger, Joan might have taken Leslie along with her?” Furrowing her eyebrows, Vivian tugged at his shirt worriedly. “What are we going to do if Joan has left with Leslie and doesn’t allow us to see him again? He is our grandson, for goodness sake!”
###Chapter 1639
Chapter 1639 
“Alright, I know. Stop whining. You’re giving me a headache. Did you get through to Joan yet?” 
Vivian was so anxious that she was on the brink of tears. “Not yet. Just before this, no one answered. But now, her phone has been switched off!” 
Finnick’s eyebrows knitted intensely before he suddenly had an idea. “Caspian! Quick, call him!” 
Nancy patted Caspian on his shoulder. “Don’t worry. As long as they love each other, I’m sure their relationship will survive whatever obstacles they may face.” 
Suddenly, their quiet moment together was shattered by a ringing tone. Caspian took out his phone, and both of them exchanged glances before he answered, “Hello, Mr. Norton?” 
“Caspian, are you together with Larry now? Do you know where both of them have taken the child?” 
The moment he heard Finnick, Caspian’s heart sank. “I’m not with him. What happened?” 
Vivian snatched the phone over. “For some reason, Joan has taken Leslie somewhere. Did she have a fight with Larry? Why would she take the child and not bring him back? Can it be that something has happened to them?” 
When Caspian suddenly thought of the perpetrators from before that had threatened Joan, he was reminded of the innumerable rivals Larry had. Many of them would stop at nothing to break them up. However, he didn’t dare voice out his fears while Nancy gulped anxiously by his side. 
“Don’t fret. I will do everything in my power to bring the child back safely.”
Caspian was a man of his word. He contacted the local police station and enlisted every available man they had to check the residential area’s security feeds. In the end, they did see Joan carrying the child out of the area. 
Tracking the direction Joan had traveled, he checked all the surveillance cameras along the way and pinpointed the location of where she was staying at. 
Just when he prepared to head out together with Nancy to persuade Joan to return home, he suddenly received a call from Larry. 
Larry told him that Joan was back and wanted him to stop tracking her. Consequently, Caspian and Nancy were both puzzled by the instructions. 
If he is asking us to stop our investigations, does it mean that both of them have made up? If they have both cleared the air, why didn’t Joan return with Leslie? 
During the time when she was alone, Joan thought a lot about her situation. 
She wondered if her relationship with Larry had hit the point of no return. But then, she recalled that they had survived many trials and tribulations together. 
She had assumed that their life would only get better. But, Larry’s actions had repeatedly hurt her. And now, a single word from Caspian was enough to overturn the relationship that they shared. 
She was cognizant that Caspian and he were friends who were willing to die defending each other. Putting that aside, she wondered how the trust between herself and Larry became so fragile. 
Sitting by the window in her room, she gazed out the window listlessly and didn’t even realize that Larry had returned. The night view of Marsingfill was filled with lights as usual, but it wasn’t enough to illuminate their large house.
The quiet atmosphere caused Larry to assume Joan wasn’t at home, causing him to be outraged. When he was about to give her a call, he noticed her spacing out in the room. 
When he saw her pale face and slender figure, his heart began to waver. 
Over the last few days, he kept thinking about her late at night and wondered if he had really misunderstood her. It was obvious to him how depressed and exhausted she looked. Her gloomy expression had overwhelmed the zest she used to have. 
Recently bogged down by work, he figured that he should have kept his temper in check. He realized he shouldn’t have been swayed by rumors and make judgments based on them. Thinking back, he recalled a time when he quietly swore to treat her like a queen. But ever since she had Leslie, he hardly spent any quality time with both of them.
###Chapter 1640
Chapter 1640 
Larry approached Joan from behind. She regained her senses only after he put his hand on her shoulders. After pondering for a long while, she finally uttered, “Do you still trust me?” 
Before Larry could answer, she added, “Within the next few days, I plan to move out with Larry. He is still young and needs me by his side. Hence, I want to raise him myself.” 
The moment she finished, he tightened his grip on her shoulders, digging his nails into her flawless, pale skin. Despite the pain she felt, she didn’t flinch at all. 
Larry roared, “Leslie needs you? Are you saying that he doesn’t need me, his father? Have you been planning this all along? Why do you need to make yourself sound noble? I think you must have already decided to return to Dustin’s side and take Leslie with you. Let me tell you straight up. Don’t even think about it!” 
Joan was sick of the repeated quarrels they had and wasn’t bothered to explain herself anymore. Since he didn’t believe in her, there was no point in doing so anyway. 
“Since that’s what you think, so be it. Let’s stop arguing. I’m already fed up.” 
Deep down in his heart, Larry hoped that Joan would protest and tell him he was wrong, asserting that there was nothing going on between her and Dustin. Instead, the calmness and indifference she displayed simply caused him to lose his mind. 
The next moment, he pushed her forcefully onto the bed. With his sanity lost, he felt the need to show his dominance over her. He could only feel secure with her underneath him. 
“Argh! No! Larry, you b*stard! Get off me!” Joan struggled vehemently as if she was about to be raped. She didn’t expect to have said something like that while attempting to resist.
“You have finally said it out loud. Are you really that desperate to leave me?” Larry scoffed, “Isn’t this normal for us?” 
Joan’s resistance was visibly too weak to fend Larry off. By denying him, she had only served to fan the flames of his lust instead, strengthening his urge to dominate her. 
“You are my wife. What’s wrong with us making love?” He restrained both her hands with one hand and pinned her leg with his own. When she was unable to struggle anymore, he used his hand to untie the knot of her bare-shoulder top. 
Joan had no choice but to let him have his way. This was the first time she found him frightening. 
As the moonlight shone through the window, he could clearly see her porcelain white figure. Brushing his fingertips over her breasts, he felt as if they had grown perkier ever since Leslie was born. As he let out a muffled moan, he allowed himself to sink into madness and ravage her. 
Joan had no choice but to give him rein. She felt that he was both familiar and distant at the same time. When she was suddenly seized by sudden sharp pain below, as if she had been pierced raw, she cried out in agony. However, her cries only served to excite Larry further. 
Suddenly, she opened her eyes. “Larry, I hate you.” As tears streamed down her cheeks, she wasn’t sure if they were caused by the pain or something else altogether. 
It wasn’t until the morning light shone through the full-length windows onto her bedsheet did Joan awoke from her dreams. She vaguely felt Larry’s fingers run along her cheeks together with his love and affection. 
Unfortunately, there was no one beside her. Shoving the blanket aside, the pain she felt below served as a reminder of everything that had happened the night before. She didn’t expect him to take her like a
beast. 
Deep down, despite how rough he was, she knew that he had submitted to her will. However, there was no time to think about Larry now. Feeling fearful, she tidied herself, grabbed her bag, and ran right out. 
Leslie! 
When she left her rented place, she had intended to have a proper discussion with Larry. If negotiations failed, she would then leave with Leslie and raise him alone. However, she didn’t expect Larry to act with such insanity, causing her to leave Leslie alone in her place. 
“Leslie?” Ignoring the pain she felt, Joan rushed toward Leslie’s bed. 
His face was red everywhere. As she gently patted his cheeks, she called out his name repeatedly. However, he was still in deep sleep.
###Chapter 1641
Chapter 1641 
As Joan put her hand on his forehead, she could feel it burning. Seized by panic, she picked him up and darted outside. 
While running, her heel was accidentally caught between a gap of a manhole. Despite her struggles, she was unable to dislodge it still. However, with Leslie’s eyes still closed, she decided to leave the shoe and rushed toward the hospital. 
Soon, the doctor had taken over Leslie while Joan went to the registration counter to register. She had begun to hobble her way around awkwardly. 
At that moment, she had the urge to slap herself as punishment. Given how careless I am, how am I able to raise Leslie properly? Or even give him a good life? That was nothing but a fantasy. 
I hope that Leslie will be fine. Or else, there’s no way I can face Larry’s parents. I wouldn’t be able to face Larry either. 
Just when she was deep in thought, someone pulled her arm, causing her to regain her senses. She widened her eyes in surprise when she saw who it was. 
He was wearing a white coat. When he took his hand out of his pocket and removed his facemask, a handsome face emerged before her. 
Gaping, she murmured, “Dustin?” 
“Joan? What happened?” when he saw how listless she looked, he grabbed her shoulders and asked. However, Joan maintained her silence.
When Dustin noticed that she was ignoring him, he looked around and saw the surrounding crowd. After which he pulled her to a corner. 
“Joan, what happened to you? When I saw you walking around alone looking lost, I called out to you but you didn’t respond. What’s going on? Where’s Larry? What happened between the two of you?” Dustin’s concern was written all over his face. 
Joan laughed wryly. 
What happened to me? I can’t possibly tell you that you caused my marriage to break down to the extent that it has now affected my son, can I? 
Nevertheless, Joan managed to maintain her rationality. Despite her anger, she was cognizant that she shouldn’t vent her frustrations on someone who had saved her life before. 
After racking her brains for a long while, she couldn’t think of anything good to say. Hence, she chose to respond with silence. However, Dustin began to talk about himself. 
“The research I was doing overseas has yet to yield any results. Therefore, the research committee requested data from the neurology departments of various hospitals, so that we can investigate the prevalence of neurological disease in recent years. Look, I was coming out from the neurology department with these documents before I coincidentally saw you.” Just as he spoke, he raised his hand to show her the file he was holding. 
Joan shook her head as she looked into his eyes. They were filled with the same concern he used to comfort her many years ago when he was treating her overseas. 
When she thought about the innumerable fights she recently had with Larry and how she was violated the night before, the tenacity within her collapsed, causing her to bawl. Just like a string of broken
pearls, tears fell repeatedly from her eyes. 
After knowing her for such a long time, Dustin had never seen her this way. Feeling lost for a moment, he took out a tissue from his coat and clumsily comforted her. 
“Joan, please don’t cry. Someone else might be thinking that I have bullied you. Tell me what happened? We can definitely solve it together.” 
“I made a mistake last night when I left him alone at home with a fever. I only managed to bring him to the hospital just a moment ago. Hence, I am utterly devastated. Given how careless I am, how am I able to raise my son properly or even give him a good life?” 
Dustin didn’t help her wipe her tears. Instead, he handed her the tissue and remarked softly, “Everyone makes mistakes so don’t get too caught up by it. What’s done is done. There will definitely be a solution. As a researcher, I enjoy a good relationship with the doctors here. Come, let’s find your son a specialist. He will advise the best course of treatment based on your son’s situation. So, stop worrying.” 
As Joan sobbed softly, she apologized, “I’m sorry to have lost my composure in front of you. Anyway, I appreciate what you’re doing for me.”
###Chapter 1642
Chapter 1642 
Smiling at her, Dustin stroked her head. “There’s no need to be sorry among friends. After all, your troubles are as good as mine.” 
Having comforted Joan, Dustin made a call to a doctor he knew. He explained to Joan that his contact was an excellent pediatrician. 
When the pediatrician heard that Joan was raising Leslie alone, he gave her a generous discount for Leslie’s treatment, for which Joan was extremely grateful. 
Fortunately, Leslie’s condition wasn’t serious. Although his fever hadn’t subsided, they had managed to stop it from escalating in the nick of time. 
Sitting by Leslie’s bed, Joan ensured that he didn’t move indiscriminately. She had to ensure the needle that was attached to his forehead stayed in place. 
As Dustin entered with a peeled apple in hand, Joan quickly pulled out a chair for him. When he offered her the apple, she shook her head to decline. 
Dustin remarked with a smile, “Usually, visitors bring fruit baskets. Hence, I hope you won’t think of me as a miser for just bringing you this apple.” 
Joan was shaking her head vehemently when she heard Dustin continue, “After staying up the whole night, you have yet to eat a thing. At least have an apple to replenish your energy. At this rate, I’m worried that your body might suffer. If you collapse, there will be no one to care for your son.” 
Seeing his point, Joan no longer refused. When she reached out to accept the apple, Dustin asked her, “By the way, does Larry know that the child is sick?”
Briefly stunned, Joan shook her head, “I neglected my son because we were having a fight.” 
While he held Leslie’s hand, Dustin advised Joan, “It’s common for couples to fight. After being together for such a long time, conflicts are bound to happen.” 
When Joan didn’t respond, Dustin sighed. “Larry has a stressful job and it’s understandable for him to be bad-tempered. Even if he has said anything harsh in anger, you shouldn’t take it to heart. After all, both of you are still young and have a long way to go still.” 
A long way? After their endless quarrels recently, Joan felt as if her marriage with Larry had reached its limit. 
Just within the last few days, she had felt bitterness, humiliation, anger, pain, and a plethora of depressing emotions. Never in her life did she imagine marriage to be so complicated. 
Just as he spoke, Dustin began to watch over Leslie while Joan ate the apple with her head lowered. Despite how sweet the fruit was, it tasted equally bitter in her mouth. 
As Caspian couldn’t refuse the pleas of both Larry’s parents, he checked the surveillance footage and pinned down Joan’s location to Mercy Hospital, which he informed Finnick and Vivian. 
When they heard the hospital being mentioned, both of them became worried. Regardless of whether it was Joan or Leslie that was sick, they would be equally worried for either. 
The moment they received the information from Caspian, they hurried to Mercy Hospital at once. Furthermore, they sent Larry a message to inform him that Joan was in the hospital. After all, they couldn’t care less whether both of them were still fighting. 
At the same time, Nancy bought some flowers and fruits as she planned to head toward Mercy Hospital together with Caspian.
As for Larry, he had just finished a meeting when he received a call from his parents, informing him that Joan was in the hospital. Falling into a panic, he almost dropped his phone at the news. 
Feeling as if his heart was suspended in an abyss, he kept reassuring himself along the way that Joan and Leslie would both be fine. 
Despite his attempts, there was no way he could calm his worried self down. Speeding all the way to the hospital, he ran a few red lights without even realizing it. 
The incessant honks that resulted from his actions only served to intensify his worries further. 
“Joan! Joan!” Vivian cried as she barged into the ward. As she approached the bed, she saw Leslie’s eyes shut tightly. He wasn’t as boisterous as he used to be.
###Chapter 1643
Chapter 1643 
“Leslie, oh my poor Leslie, how did you end up this sick? It breaks my heart to see you this way.” 
Standing by the side, Finnick was equally heartbroken. Suddenly, he raised his voice at Joan. “What’s wrong with you? How can you take the child away just because you are angry with Larry? We know you are his mother and it’s not within our right to stop you. But, how can you not tell me and Vivian? This is unbecoming of you!” 
Vivian added, “Ever since Leslie was born, both of us took good care of him and he was seldom sick. How did he end up like this as it has been less than two days since you took him away?” 
Ever since she was married to Larry, his parents doted upon her. Hence, today was the first time they admonished her. With nothing to defend herself with, Joan could only listen in silence. 
Vivian turned to Dustin, “Doctor, how is my grandson? Will he be alright?” 
Dustin replied gently, “Don’t worry, the child is fine. The reason he recovered so quickly was that Ms. Watts watched over him throughout the night. If you are still worried, I can prescribe some harmless medication to help the child heal faster.” 
“Alright, alright. Thank you doctor for your time. May I know how am I to address you? When I’m back later, I’ll definitely send you a reward,” Finnick replied. 
“I’m Mr. Silverman. There’s no need for a reward as Ms. Watts is my friend. I’m just happy to be of help to her in times of trouble.” 
Dustin then left with Leslie’s report in hand. Before he did, he gave Joan a look of encouragement. Only when Joan no longer hung her head in dejection did he leave with his mind put at ease.
Meanwhile, Larry was in the corridor asking repeatedly where Leslie’s ward was. As there was no time to wait for the elevator, he sprinted right up to the third floor and ran toward Leslie’s ward after receiving directions. 
Coincidentally, Dustin was just leaving the room. Raising his gaze, his eyes met with Larry who was dashing over. 
Larry was stunned to see him and it took him a long while to regain his senses. Instead, it was Dustin that greeted him first, “Mr. Norton, your wife is inside.” 
He would have been better off if he didn’t say those words. The moment they left his mouth, Larry’s lost all rationality. Stepping forward, he grabbed Dustin by his collar and threw a punch right in his face. 
“You b*stard! I don’t need you to tell me whether she is inside. I am warning you to wipe that smirk off your face!” 
A bruise began to form on Dustin’s face as blood trickled down the corner of his mouth. The medical report he was holding fell onto the ground. When Larry glanced at it, he saw Leslie’s name written on top. The very next moment, he pounded Dustin’s face in with all his might. 
The loud commotion outside caught the three of them inside the room by surprise. Joan was the first to hear it and quickly opened the door, only to be greeted by the frightening sight. 
“Larry! Stop! Stop right now!” 
Joan jumped right in, hoping to pull Larry away from Dustin. However, he was simply too strong for her and there was no way she could control him. 
Instead, her attempt to stop him only angered him further. Filled with rage, he forcefully shoved Joan who was grabbing onto his arm aside.
After Joan was pushed away by a massive force, the hospital staff gradually stepped in to break both of them apart. One of the young nurses began to gossip about what had happened. 
By the time Dustin was helped up from the ground, his face was covered in bruises while he could no longer lift his arm. 
Standing in front of Dustin, Joan screamed at Larry, “Why did you start beating him up without any reason? You have no idea how much Dustin helped me this time!” 
Larry’s eyes were filled with contempt. “Help? All I see is a hypocrite with a scheme. What did he say to you for you to be so protective of him?” 
Joan no longer held back. “Don’t think that everyone is as shameless as you. I may not be an angel, but I’m not as despicable as you think I am!”
###Chapter 1644
Chapter 1644 
“Where do you think you are? This is the hospital. If you want to quarrel, you should go home and do it.” As this was the pediatric department, the entire floor was filled with children. Given the ruckus that they had caused, many of the children began to cry. The hospital staff that had gathered began to feel exasperated with some of them even threatening to call the police. 
Vivian quickly stepped forward and apologized, “I’m so sorry, everyone. My son and daughter-in-law are having some trouble. I will definitely reprimand them when we’re home. So please don’t be mad. Now that it’s over you can move along now.” 
Finnick quickly helped Dustin up and softly censured Larry. “What are you doing? Why do you need to beat up a doctor? Can’t you just talk calmly over whatever it is?” 
“This man is a wolf in sheep’s clothing. He is a scheming hypocrite with no good intentions at all,” Larry retorted. 
Bending down to pick up the medical report, he glared at Joan, “I have not fallen to such depths where I need someone else to raise my son.” 
At that moment, Joan couldn’t tell what Larry was thinking from the look in his eyes. All she felt was his disappointment and sadness. 
As Larry took the medical report to get Leslie’s medication, Joan whispered to Dustin, “I’m sorry.” 
Although it wasn’t enough to compensate for the harm Larry did to Dustin, she still felt the need to say it. 
“It’s not your fault.” Dustin replied plainly.
When Caspian and Nancy arrived at the hospital to visit Joan and Leslie, they saw Larry at the pharmacy paying for medication. Nancy immediately motioned for Caspian to approach him. 
Right away, Caspian noticed Larry’s rolled-up sleeves and the torn calluses on his fists. 
Based on his experience, he knew at once that Larry had gotten into a fight. 
“Boss, what happened to your hands? Who did you beat up?” 
Ever since they were in the army, he knew that Larry was a really good fighter. Now that his hands were hurt to that extent, it meant the victim had suffered much worse. 
Nancy’s lips twitched. “It can’t… can’t be Joan, can it?” 
Caspian shot her a glance while Larry looked at his own hands and sneered, “He can still walk.” 
“Caspian, take this medication to Ward 16 on the third floor. I’m not going back.” 
Caspian took over the medication. “What’s wrong, Boss? Aren’t you going to visit Leslie?” 
Of course I want to! It’s just that it hurts so much when I see Joan, as if my heart has been pierced by a knife. 
After giving it some thought, he felt that Joan had started it all. Unwilling to back down, Larry turned and left. 
“Wait!” Joan’s voice rang out from the back. “How can you leave right after beating someone up and turning the hospital into a wrestling ring? Furthermore, you even treated someone else as your punching bag! Therefore, aren’t you being irresponsible by leaving just like that?”
Larry sneered, “Joan oh Joan, don’t you know who is the one that started all this? Instead of reflecting on your actions, you now choose to blame me?” 
Joan snapped, “No matter who is the one at fault, you still can’t beat up someone and disrupt the peace at the hospital. Your ridiculous reasoning is simply your attempt at desperately justifying your own actions.” 
Both Finnick and Vivian quickly approached to pacify both of them. 
“That’s enough. You’re both adults. Even if you don’t mind embarrassing yourselves in the hospital, at least think about your child…” 
“Your child needs a quiet environment to recuperate. Why don’t you leave him in the hospital first and arrange for two persons to stay with him?” a doctor by their side suggested. 
Finnick shook his head helplessly. “Both of you don’t deserve to be parents. You can’t even handle your own emotions, let alone raise a child.” 
He reached out to hug his crying wife. “Larry, go home now! Come back only after you have calmed down.”
###Chapter 1645
Chapter 1645 
“Joan, you too. You should resolve whatever it is you need to before coming back to watch over Leslie.” 
In the luxurious ward, Leslie was sleeping soundly in his bed, covered by a soft and fluffy blanket. By the bed, there was a bouquet of roses that filled the room with its fragrance. Joan was greeted by the tender scene the moment she returned to the ward. 
Her adorable son was an angel to her and the biggest source of happiness in her life. She was willing to do whatever it takes to give him the life that he wanted. After what had just happened, she wondered how long her so-called happiness could still last and whether the love in her was still strong enough to hold. 
Leslie was largely fine. After a few days of rest, he was back to his usual self. 
Sitting by the bed, Dustin let out a faint smile. Despite the scars on his face, they didn’t diminish his style in any way. 
As he placed Leslie’s hand in his, his large, weathered hands contrasted against the child’s which were small and tender. If someone had barged in and didn’t know better, he would have assumed that Dustin was the child’s father. 
“Recently, our hospital has built a child care center in the east of the city, and it is extremely well equipped. If you are satisfied with it, you can consider leaving Leslie there. It’s more convenient if there are professionals looking after him. This way, you can focus on your school work and continue working at Opulent Designs. 
Joan hesitated at the suggestion. “Can’t I leave them with his grandparents? Wouldn’t that do? To a certain extent, he is part of their family. By letting him stay with them, he would also grow up to be close
to them.” 
Dustin sighed. “Joan, don’t be naive. Given what has happened, do you think it’s going to be easy for you to see your son next time?” 
Joan agreed with him in her silence. Soon, she headed to Finnick’s home and admitted to them that she and Larry’s relationship was getting worse. Before they made up, she hoped to negotiate with Larry’s parents so that they could each take a step back. 
Joan promised to not take Leslie away for no reason. But as the child’s mom, they had to respect her desire to place Leslie at the child care center. After all, there would be professionals there to watch over and educate him. 
“I know from today onwards, if Leslie continues to stay with you, it will become increasingly difficult for me to see him. Therefore, I am proposing this not only to provide him a better learning environment but to also ensure that I can see him whenever I want.” 
Joan had her point. Therefore, Finnick and Vivian had no choice but to agree to the somewhat cruel arrangement for Leslie. 
At the Sunny Child Care Center. 
A baby was curled up in the midst of his soft and fluffy bundle. He then stretched his limbs just like a newborn cat while his eyes glistened like the reflection of clean spring water. 
As the gentle breeze blew past the window, the wind chime rang along with it. 
Crack. 
As the door gently opened, a man dressed in a suit with matching leather shoes entered the room. His arrival was greeted by the crisp ring of the doorbell, as if it was playing a song along with the wind.
Sitting beside the baby, he watched it wave its hands and grunt excitedly. The tender sight simply caused his heart to melt. 
Placing both his arms underneath the child’s armpits, his face was filled with joy. When the child saw him smiling, it instinctively smiled in return. After being lifted into the air, it seemed to enjoy the feeling as its legs kicked around in excitement. 
“Leslie, it’s Daddy. Can you call Daddy?” 
Knock… Knock… 
“Come in.” 
“Joan? It’s a surprise to see you here.” 
Holding a first aid kit, Joan replied with an apologetic tone. “With regards to what happened at the hospital the last time, I would like to apologize on behalf of Larry. I hope you won’t take it to heart.” 
“What are you talking about, Joan. Both of you are two different individuals. Hence, there’s no need to apologize on his behalf. To be honest, I understand entirely what he is going through. Therefore, I can empathize with his impulsive actions and won’t hold it against him.
###Chapter 1646
Chapter 1646 
When Joan seemed to be limping, Dustin couldn’t help but take a closer look. Only then did he realized she was wearing a pair of slippers with her leg wrapped in a thick bandage. 
“What happened to your leg?” Dustin stood up from his chair. 
“It’s nothing. When I brought Leslie to the hospital yesterday, I lost my shoe along the way. After that… I accidentally cut myself,” Joan explained. 
Dustin’s expression grew anxious. “What? Is that all that happened?” 
He came over to support Joan and led her to the sofa by the door. Rolling up her pant leg, he examined her wound. Realizing the awkwardness, Joan subconsciously retracted her feet. 
“This isn’t the first time I’m treating you.” Dustin ignored her resistance as he took the first aid kit from her. 
“I brought the first aid kit because I wanted to help you treat your wounds. Look at the bruises on your face…” 
“It doesn’t matter as I’m a man after all. No man cares that much about his face.” 
After unwrapping the bandage of Joan’s leg, Dustin brought out some cotton buds and alcohol to help her disinfect her wound. 
As the alcohol burned, Joan retracted her leg by reflex. Raising his gaze at her, Dustin’s eyes felt as if they were giving her the warmth of the sun.
“Does it hurt? I’ll be gentler so just bear with it a little longer. If it’s not cleaned properly, you will be at risk of infection.” 
Dustin applied some white powder evenly over the wound. After that, he tore off some gauze and carefully bandaged her leg. 
His actions were gentle as he was worried about causing her pain. However, Joan’s heart was flooded with a mix of emotions. 
Many years ago, when she fell on the basketball court, it was Larry who anxiously carried her to the school clinic. Also, it was Larry who treated her wound for her. All this while, she hated clichés but she couldn’t deny the saying that “the ones you love the most are usually the ones that hurt you the most”. 
“Why don’t I help you with the wounds on your face?” Joan suggested meekly. Dustin wanted to decline but Joan preempted, “Just treat it as my way of thanking you. Or else, I feel that I can never repay my debt to you…” 
As Dustin stared right into her eyes, she could feel his gaze pierce through her heart as he peered deep into her soul. 
When her hand came into contact with Dustin’s face, he could feel his heart flutter. However, he tried his best to suppress his urges. 
When Larry beat him up, he felt as if his body was about to split open. But when she sat by his side, treating all his bruises, he suddenly felt the beating was well worth the pain. 
As Joan’s warm breath blew across the surface of his neck, it set his heart ablaze. After all, he was ever ready to welcome her into it.
Reaching out his hand to hold her wrist, he placed his thumb in the middle of her palm. As the warmth of her hands permeated into his body, he immersed himself in the comfort that it brought. Greedy for her breath, he stared longingly at the reflection in her eyes. 
As Joan’s lips parted slightly, a faint pinkish hue began to appear on her cheeks, making her look like a Barbie doll. As for Dustin, he felt like he was a child admiring her through a glass barrier from afar. 
Despite the vastness of the world, you are all I that I want. 
As Dustin’s hand curled around her porcelain white neck, Joan was suddenly jolted by his unfamiliar breath. Regaining her senses, she struggled from his hand and stood up at once. 
Despite his intimate gesture, Joan was cognizant that she was still married and knew where to draw the line with him. 
As she left the room in haste with the first aid kit she brought, her heart pounding furiously. After an intense struggle in her mind, the rational part of her finally beat back her emotions. 
After that, Joan reminded herself to be more prudent and level-headed. 
At that moment, a girl holding a big bunch of flowers was calling out on the streets to sell her wares. She was about seventeen to eighteen years of age and her features were both youthful and exquisite. With her hair tied into a simple ponytail, she looked as if she was a student who had a retro sense of fashion. With a vibrant smile, she held up the flowers toward Joan.
###Chapter 1647
Chapter 1647 
“Miss, would you like to buy one?” 
Glancing at her, Joan received the rose and gave the girl a fiver. 
“After buying this, I don’t know who I should give it to.” Despite thinking it, Joan inadvertently blurted it out. 
“You should give it to the one you love, of course,” the girl replied casually. Her words suddenly illuminated what Joan truly felt in her heart. 
Ever since the beginning, she had only loved one man. 
No matter how he misunderstood her or hurt her, she still loved him from the bottom of her heart. It was precisely because she loved him so much that her heart was shattered when she realized he didn’t trust nor understand her. 
Joan smiled at the girl. “Thank you.” The striking color of the rose seemed to have set her heart alight. 
Meanwhile, Dustin was slumped in his chair, staring at the ceiling. 
With his eyes closed, his eyelashes seemed to be jittering rapidly. His mind was filled with images of her while his ears reverberated with the sound of her voice. 
When he heard a knock on the door, he swiveled his chair away from it and massaged his temples. “Come in.” 
“Yo, what are you doing? What’s wrong? Did your plan fail?” The man poured himself a cup of coffee before taking a seat on the leather sofa.
With his back toward him, Dustin sounded tired. “So what if it did? She still can’t forget Larry.” 
The man lit himself a cigarette. Squinting his eyes, he seemed to be relishing the moment. “By the way, I heard Larry gave you a beating. Do you want me to get someone to exact revenge for you?” 
Dustin turned around. “No. Speaking of him, I would actually like to thank him for the beating.” 
“Dustin, has he knocked you out of your senses? Thank him? If I were you, I would have stabbed him with a knife before anything else!” 
Dustin frowned. “Jory, you have to think before you act. There are always two sides to a coin. Sometimes, your choices might be detrimental to your interests or even bring about unintended consequences.” 
Jory inhaled the cigarette smoke deeply. “Suit yourself. But, their relationship doesn’t seem to be strong. A few tricks from me and it is already on the rocks. And yet they claim love trumps everything. I can’t wait to see how long more they can still hang on.” 
“Next time don’t smoke in here. Put it out now.” Dustin waved away the smoke in displeasure. 
Jory smirked. “Yo, you seem different ever since you returned and met that woman. When you were overseas, you never behaved like that.” 
Dustin flipped open one of his documents and began reading. “Enough. If there’s nothing else, please let yourself out. I have some research to do.” 
“Hahaha, I do have something, of course. Did you think I was here for idle chit-chat?” Jory added, “I am running out of funds. So, you have to pay me as soon as possible.” 
“Alright. Now leave, I want to…”
Jory interrupted, “Do some research? You can drop that act in front of me. Research my ass…” 
When Dustin shot him a glare, Jory shrugged. “Alright, I’m leaving. Our revolution has yet to succeed. So, you still need to work hard.” 
Meanwhile, Nancy was sitting on the bed while giving Caspian a massage. “Poor Leslie. He isn’t even one year old yet and his parents already have irreconcilable differences.” 
“It’s all my fault. If only I had told Boss earlier, he wouldn’t have treated Dustin with such animosity.” 
“Don’t blame yourself. Love is always unpredictable. Don’t tell me you really think this is just between the both of them?” 
Caspian sat up on the bed at once. “What do you mean?” 
Nancy kept him in suspense. “I’m surprised that you even need to ask. Aren’t you Caspian, the great detective, where nothing escapes your eye?” 
“Hey, my princess. Please tell me, alright?” Caspian quickly switched roles and began to massage Nancy’s shoulders.
###Chapter 1648
Chapter 1648 
Nancy replied, “I don’t think Larry’s animosity toward Dustin was started by the recent incidents.” 
“Just think about it. Given how rational he usually is, he wouldn’t have hurt the person he loves the most without any evidence. Those incidents were likely the straw that broke the camel’s back, causing him to break down mentally.” 
“The straw that broke the camel’s back…” Caspian mumbled to himself. “Perhaps, Boss’ bias toward Dustin was seeded a long time ago. This time, he lost control because I didn’t find any evidence to show that they were innocent.” 
Nancy gave him a thumbs up. “Very good, you have potential.” 
“Do you have any ideas on how to reunite them then?” Caspian increased the intensity of the massage. 
“You fool. The simplest solution is also the most difficult one, that is to find evidence to demonstrate that there is nothing going on between them.” Nancy stopped before turning around and giving Caspian a dejected look. “It’s just that… it’s not going to be easy to find such evidence at all.” 
At Opulent Designs. 
Joan was holding up two different pieces of clothing to compare. After that, she picked up a pencil and started drawing. Just when she was engrossed in her work, her phone rang for a while before she answered. 
“Hello? Who is it? Sunny Child Care Center? Yes, I’m Leslie’s mom. Go ahead…” Joan continued drawing. “What? He has been suffering from diarrhea? Alright, I’ll head over at once and get him some medicine along the way. Thanks, and sorry for the trouble.”
Having ended the call, Joan continued to complete her drawing. 
After a long while, when she compared both drawings and finally nodded with satisfaction, she slapped her forehead upon a sudden realization. Oh no, I need to get to Sunny Child Care Center at once. 
Joan hurried to a nearby pharmacy and picked up some probiotics before heading there. 
As the sun shone brightly in her eyes, her vision suddenly turned dark. She tried shaking her head vehemently to keep the shadows away. Panting heavily, she supported herself by holding onto the doorframe of the child care center. 
Meanwhile, one of the teachers at the center, who was wearing a pink dress, admonished Joan, “Are you Leslie’s mother? Look, do you know what time it is already?” 
“I… I’m sorry. I was caught up with work…” 
The teacher became angrier. “Can business people like you put aside your work for once? It’s always about the money, and that’s all you can think of. Is money more important than your son?” When she saw Joan remaining silent, the teacher’s tone softened. “Don’t assume keeping your child here solves everything. If not for the child’s father arriving earlier, he would likely still be having diarrhea…” 
When Joan looked up, she saw the tall figure leaning by the bedroom door. Larry was still in his suit. Obviously, he had dropped his work and came from the office. 
“If they hadn’t called me at the same time, were you planning to let Leslie suffer till now?” Larry questioned her with a scowl. 
Joan replied, “It’s my fault for coming late. I will apologize to him.” Sweat began to break out on her forehead as darkness crept into her vision.
“I really don’t know what you’re thinking. Do you intend to chase your dreams at Leslie’s expense? If that’s what you want, you shouldn’t have had him in the first place.” Larry straightened his posture. “Since we have decided to be parents, we have to prioritize him in everything we do. Your attitude gives me the impression that you’re not fit to be his mother.” 
Gritting her teeth, Joan retorted, “Larry, must we always fight every time we see each other? We were never like that.”
###Chapter 1649
Chapter 1649 
Just as she spoke, she collapsed onto the ground. The pain in her head intensified while her vision faded to a blur. All she could feel was the jarring light from the sun and a shadow rushing toward her. 
“Joan!” 
That was the last thing she heard before falling unconscious. It felt exactly like when he dived over to protect her head from an oncoming basketball a long time ago. The concerned look he had now was the same as then. 
Larry’s mind drew a blank. Joan, are you going to torment me with this tactic just because you can’t win the argument? That’s really despicable of you. As he dashed over and pulled her into his embrace, he hugged her so tightly as if he was about to crush her. 
“What’s wrong, Joan? Wake up! Don’t sleep!” Larry saw that her lips were pale and forehead covered in sweat. Her wet fringes had stuck messily over her face. Every time she appears in front of me, she would always be in some sort of trouble. 
Picking her up, Larry carefully placed her in the front passenger seat. After that, he floored the accelerator and sped toward the hospital. With his left hand on the steering wheel, he held her hand tightly with his right. 
Thinking back, he was also holding her hand in the bright white hall when he vowed to grow old with her and to never abandon her. But ever since their misunderstanding, they always argued when they saw each other. He admitted that the stress from work and the blurry lines between her relationship with Dustin caused his frustration to mount. But after giving the matter some thought, he realized that he never gave her an opportunity to explain.
“Joan, please be alright. When you wake up, I will patiently listen to whatever you have to say. I promise I won’t be angry or argue with you. Also, I won’t blame you anymore. So let’s just reconcile.” 
Joan’s furrowed eyebrows suddenly eased, as if she had heard Larry’s words. At that moment, she felt like she was in an empty tunnel that stretched beyond where her eyes could see. No matter how hard she tried, she could never reach the end. In her dream, she was surrounded by a thick fog. Despite her desperate attempts at clearing it with her hands, it simply grew thicker. Before she knew it, she couldn’t even see the path ahead of her. 
Suddenly, she felt someone holding her hand. The hand felt like a source of energy that continuously fed her feeble body with the warmth she needed. She wanted to respond to it but was simply too weak to do so. After that, she felt as if the hand was slowly drifting away and she had no way of hanging on to it. Before she knew it, she was all alone again, pitiful and helpless. 
As Larry got down, he ignored the stares of passersby as he carried her into the emergency room. After that, he saw the white stretcher moving further and further away from him. As the giant red doors gradually closed in front of him, he kept praying in his heart, hoping that everything could return to the way it was, giving them a new start. 
“Are you Joan’s husband?” 
“Yes, I am. Doctor, how is she?” 
“It’s nothing serious. She just suffers from anemia. Stress and irregular meals have likely caused her fainting spell. I have prescribed some medicine for her which she needs to take after meals. Anyway, all she needs is to just take more supplements and maintain a healthier lifestyle.” The doctor wrote a note. “Take this to the pharmacy to collect her prescription and you will be done after paying.”
Extending his hand to receive the note, Larry’s knitted eyebrows finally relaxed. “Alright. Thank you, doctor.” 
The doctor laughed instead. “As for you, don’t worry too much. Most women will more or less suffer from a little bit of anemia. Once you are home, remind her to get some rest and don’t tire herself out.” 
After being put on the drip, Joan’s condition improved. Sitting beside her, Larry held her hand tightly, as if time had turned back to when they first met. 
At that time, he was the star of the basketball team. As he was preparing for an important match, he had to be constantly at practice. Hence, they agreed that he would head to the basketball court first while she would get some drinks. Usually, people would go dating at the cinema, the park, or even the library. But for them, it would always be at the basketball court.
###Chapter 1650
Chapter 1650 
Joan would always be seated at the fifth seat within the third row. When Larry asked her to move further in front, she told him that was the best seat in the house. She wouldn’t be blocked by the cheerleaders in front and would be able to see all the players clearly. 
At that time, Larry pretended to be angry at her for ogling at the other players instead of only focusing on him. Joan laughed when he teased her. She replied that she would bring a magnifying glass as to watch him play. That way, he would encompass her whole field of vision. 
Larry then kissed her on her cheeks, causing her to blush all over. After that, she urged him to go back to practice. At the huge basketball court, only both of them were there. They used the opportunity to relish in the fact that they were everything to each other. It didn’t matter where they dated. All they cared about was how deeply they were in love with each other. 
However, love was different from marriage. In a marriage, it connected two families where a lot of other people were involved. If he knew then that marriage was so much more complicated and would cause them so much hurt, he figured that he wouldn’t have proposed to her so early. 
Although Joan was soft-hearted, she was still someone with a strong character. She couldn’t tolerate knowing that he didn’t trust her. Also, she couldn’t accept that her weakness had become a burden to him. Her temperament had caused her to break up with him after she decided to fly overseas for her treatment. She rather he hated her. After all, hate was easier to let go of than love. 
After everything that had happened, she ended up marrying him still. But, she didn’t expect their relationship to be shattered by his distrust of her. 
Given how insecure Larry was, his insecurities were further amplified after Joan broke up with him and lied to him that she had fallen for someone else. Furthermore, during his time as a soldier, the feeling of
being under fire on the battlefield had long decimated whatever sense of security he had left. It was also exacerbated by his comrades being killed in action one by one. Since then, he was always shrouded with insecurity. 
Under such circumstances, Larry had no way of ever lowering his guard down toward anyone. If he couldn’t do it for Joan, he would definitely not be able to do it for anyone else. 
His stubbornness and naivety all boiled down to the feelings he had deep down. The more exposure he had, the more he realized how fast the world was progressing, leaving him behind. To him, the world was sad and cruel. He naively thought that he could change it. But once the results were not what he expected, a sense of helplessness would overwhelm him. 
If Larry had really understood Joan, he wouldn’t have demanded her explanation. 
While Joan was still in the long tunnel looking for an exit, she suddenly noticed the fog gradually forming into a line, guiding her forward. As she followed where the line led her, the view in front of her began to clear up. Soon, the exit appeared right before her eyes. 
The light in front seemed to be blocked by someone’s figure. When she turned to see who it was, she couldn’t make out the person’s face. The figure pointed at the exit in front of her as if to remind her that she needed to walk forward. 
As Joan’s gaze trailed where his finger was pointing, she saw a field of beautiful flowers and fluttering butterflies at the exit. When she wanted to take another look at the figure beside her, she noticed that he had already disappeared. 
The moment she opened her eyes, she felt something heavy pressing on her hand, causing it to feel numb. Regaining her senses, she saw Larry laying his head on her arm, sound asleep.
Despite carefully adjusting her hand, she didn’t retract it from underneath him. The last memory she had before she lost consciousness was him calling out her name while rushing toward her. They had been quarreling a moment earlier. 
She gently moved the hand that Larry was sleeping over. “Larry…” 
When he woke up in a daze, Joan couldn’t help but be amused by the look on his face. Finally, she understood why Leslie always woke up looking stunned and grouchy. He had inherited the trait from his father.
###Chapter 1651
Chapter 1651 
“My hand is numb…” 
Larry moved his body and allowed Joan to pull her hand out. “You’re awake.” 
“Mmm-hmm.” 
“How long have you not had regular meals? Are you trying to kill yourself by pulling late nights constantly? Do you think you’re a phone that can always be on standby twenty-four hours a day?” Larry began to lecture her in rapid-fire. 
Joan pouted helplessly. “Why are you admonishing me now?” 
“I’m not reprimanding you, Joan. I’m reprimanding the mother of my son,” Larry replied. 
“Alright, alright, I thought my dizziness was caused by not having enough sleep. I didn’t expect for it to be so serious that it would cause me to faint…” Despite her feeble voice, Joan tried to vehemently defend herself. 
Larry thought that she still hadn’t realized her mistake. “What? Why are you still making excuses? Despite being an adult, you don’t even know how to take care of yourself. So who gave you the courage to steal Larry away from my parent’s house?” 
Despite his lectures, Joan knew that he was obviously worried about her, causing her to burst into laughter. 
Larry’s anger turned into a smile. And just like that both of them gazed into each other eyes and laughed heartily without care.
At that moment, Larry was shocked as he didn’t know why he was suddenly laughing aloud. 
“Let’s not talk about that anymore. Joan… you… do you really not want to explain… about what happened with Dustin?” Larry smiled faintly. He had wanted to ask her about the matter calmly but ended up stuttering instead. 
Meanwhile, the cicadas outside continue to chirp incessantly, singing their song without a care of what was going on inside. 
Joan shook her head but still managed to gather her courage to explain. “I… Dustin and I, actually…” 
Ring… Ring… The jarring sound of the phone interrupted them. Larry apologized to Joan, “I’m sorry. I’ll need to take this call outside.” 
Joan’s heart suddenly sank as her heart was filled with mixed emotions. It felt as if she had channeled all her energy into a punch but she had thrown it at empty space instead. 
In less than a minute, Larry ended the call as he came back in. He looked like he was visiting an old friend instead of taking care of his lover. 
As he approached Joan, he helped tucked her in properly, as if he wasn’t going to bring up what they were just talking about. “Joan, I need to return to the office for an urgent meeting. Don’t worry, once I have dealt with work. I’ll come back to accompany you.” 
“Go ahead…” She was never one to quibble. Despite how reluctant she was to see him go, she would never allow herself to express it. 
Larry leaned forward and gently kissed her on the forehead. With his body right next to her, a refreshing fragrance enveloped her senses while his warm breath suddenly gave her the impulse to burst into tears.
“In that case, I’m leaving now,” Larry remarked. 
‘Mmm-hmm.” She nodded slightly. 
The moment he turned away, she had the urge to grabbed onto his sleeve and say, “Larry, don’t go. Stay with me.” As her hand reached forward, all she could grasp was air. 
When her right hand fell helplessly back onto the bed, her heart seemed to have sunk along with it. Tears followed the very next moment. Despite how they seemed to have made up, Joan still felt that something was missing; she was unsettled. 
She could feel that something had changed and it was no longer the same as it used to be. Suddenly she could feel a sense of disappointment well up within her. 
As she tried her best to stop her imagination from running wild, the feeling had taken root in her. She had no way of untangling herself from it other than helplessly casting it aside and ignoring it.
###Chapter 1652
Chapter 1652 
Joan called a female team member in the design department to ask her to bring the unfinished design drawings to the hospital. She thought she could force herself not to think about Larry by being occupied with work. The team member agreed to her request right away. 
However, her final year project was left in Nirhaven College. She couldn’t think of any of her classmates who would be willing to bring it here. Am I really an ill-mannered girl who has no friends? 
As she pondered over it, she felt even more out of sorts. Then, she covered her head with the blanket and forced herself to take a nap. Suddenly, someone arrived and knocked on the door. Since she thought that it was her team member, she said while still hiding in the blanket, “Please come in.” 
“Is that Lyla? You can put the design drawings on the cupboard on the side. Thank you for bringing it here.” 
Nevertheless, that person didn’t reply but came up to Joan and put his hands on the blanket near her head. Joan knew that they weren’t a woman’s hands. 
“You can leave it there. Thank you.” Joan felt bewildered and pulled the blanket tighter. 
“Ahem…” 
Joan shivered as soon as she heard him coughing. 
Dustin was amused as Joan sprang up from the bed. On the other hand, Joan heaved a sigh of relief when she realized that it was Dustin. 
“It’s you… I thought.. it’s my colleague.”
“Do you feel better because it’s me?” Dustin’s smile was still as warm. 
Upon hearing it, Joan felt uncomfortable and recalled that he grabbed her hand when she tended to his bruises in the past. It became extremely awkward as both of them fell silent. 
After a while, Dustin took the initiative to break the silence. He took out something from his back and presented it to Joan like a treasure. 
“Look!” 
Joan saw a pile of papers before her. Apart from her design drawings, Dustin had also brought along her final year project. 
Joan’s eyes beamed as though she saw some precious treasure. She immediately took the papers and said surprisingly, “My god! I never expected that you would bring these to me. Dustin, you can really read my mind! How did you know that I wanted to get my final year project from campus? Besides, you even brought the design drawings from my company! This is incredible!” 
“Initially, I went to your company to visit you but bumped into your colleague who wanted to bring the documents to you. Since I thought you would need the final year project, I decided to bring everything here. I hope… you won’t be mad at me for doing it.” 
As Joan flipped through the page, she replied smilingly, “I won’t. In fact, I’m grateful for your help.” 
Dustin shook his head helplessly and replied, “Well, it looks like I’m not as attractive as the documents.” 
Joan was amused and said, “Alright, why don’t you take a seat?”
Dustin grabbed a chair and sat next to her bed. “By the way, you haven’t told me why you’re admitted to the hospital? Are you sick? How serious is it?” 
“Er… I’ll be embarrassed whenever I explain it. When I visited Leslie, I fainted at the doorstep because of anemia.” 
Dustin picked up an apple on the cupboard and began paring it. “Since you’re a workaholic, I guess you must be exhausted due to stress at work.” 
Meanwhile, Joan had taken the pen that was clipped on the documents and began sketching. “It’s not a big deal, actually. I can be discharged anytime.” 
Dustin replied as he threw away the skin of the apple, “If you really can be discharged anytime, why are you doing your work here?”
###Chapter 1653
Chapter 1653 
“Well, I’ll be alone if I’m at home. Also, I won’t have time to do my work and the report if I have to rest at home. So, I might as well stay here and get some IV drips.” 
Dustin handed over the apple to her and asked, “IV drips? Is this how you take care of yourself by getting this at such a young age?” 
Joan took the apple from him and replied, “Dustin, thank you for visiting me when I’m sick. Besides, you’ve even brought along the things I need the most. To be frank, I owe you a lot all these years. However, you don’t have to do this to me again because I don’t want to owe you more.” 
Dustin pretended to be upset. “Who do you think I am to you?” 
“My good friend,” she replied. 
“Other than that?” 
“Hmm… You’re also my savior who saved my life,” she answered seriously. 
Dustin heaved a sigh. “Well, in that case… am I a nobody to you?” 
“Of course not!” she immediately denied. 
“I’m relieved. Joan, you can owe me forever because I allow you to do so.” He flashed her a smile. 
“Dustin, I’ really don’t know what I should say now. By the way, I would like to treat you to dinner two days later to repay you…” Before she could finish, Dustin waved his hand to interrupt, “Treat me to dinner? No way, that’s too simple. Well, I have an idea. We’ve known each other for many years, yet
you probably haven’t tried any food that I cook. Why don’t you show me some support? I mean, this is way better than treating me to dinner outside.” 
Joan was a little hesitant. “Well…” 
Dustin began to tidy up the drafts and papers on the bed. “Don’t think too much. Besides, you said that you want to repay me. You can’t renege on your promise all of a sudden.” 
“Alright then…” Joan agreed to it. When she took a bite of the apple, she felt that it wasn’t ripe yet. Besides, tears nearly dropped from her face as the apple tasted bad. 
Dustin was aware of the limits. As such, he didn’t bring Joan to his house but chose to go to Joan’s rented house instead. As soon as Joan heard it, she scratched her head and said embarrassedly, “I’m sorry, Dustin. Since I rarely cook, there are no food ingredients or even rice for that matter at my house.” 
Nonetheless, Dustin didn’t look surprised as she expected. Instead, he chuckled heartily and said, “No problem. However, you’ve to come with me to the market as compensation.” 
“Ah?” The next moment, Dustin dragged her to leave the ward before she could react. 
As soon as they arrived at the market, Joan could feel that the smell of vegetables and meat permeated the air. Most of the customers here were elders who came with their grandchildren or middle-aged couples. Due to their young age, Joan and Dustin became rather eye-catching when they were in the market. 
“Mister, how much are the oysters?” 
“Nine per kilogram.”
“No way, that’s too expensive. I can buy more for seven per kilogram.” 
“Alright, seven it is.” 
Joan elbowed Dustin and said, “I didn’t expect you would bargain with the hawker. I mean, you didn’t save a lot of money anyway.” 
Dustin handed over a bag of oysters to her and replied, “Thriftiness is a way of life that even wealthy people should practice.” 
Then, Dustin brought her to buy some fresh fruits and vegetables and bargained along the way. Joan saw that all of the hawkers who refused to give discounts submitted to his way in the end. 
“Dustin, do you always come here to buy some food?” Joan asked. 
“Hmm… not really. Since I’ve to work on my research at Nirhaven College, I usually have lunch and dinner at the canteen. So, I rarely have time to cook.” 
Joan grasped the bag in her hand tighter and said, “I can cook but usually prepare roughly the same dishes. Before I fell out with Larry, I used to eat the food prepared by the housemaid. Since you’ve bought so much food today, I’m a bit worried we can’t finish them.”
###Chapter 1654
Chapter 1654 
Dustin chuckled and replied, “It’s fine. I bought a lot of food so that you can learn to cook for yourself. I mean, you can’t ignore your health due to work. Good health is the most important thing for all of us. Without good health, everything we possess worth nothing in the end.” 
Later, Joan tried to bargain with the hawkers like how Dustin did. However, she didn’t realize that someone was observing them some distance away. As soon as Joan turned around, Dustin met the person in the eyes. Suddenly, a sense of cunningness flashed across Dustin’s piercingly sharp eyes. 
When they arrived at Joan’s house, she opened the door and invited Dustin to come in. It was a little dusty as she hadn’t cleaned up the house for quite some time. 
Even Dustin, who was courteous, couldn’t help but wave his hands about to get rid of the musty smell. 
Joan immediately said to divert his attention, “I’ll clean the stove now.” 
Buzz! 
The phone in Dustin’s pocket vibrated. He took it out and unlocked the screen only after Joan left. 
It was a short and concise message from S. 
The photos are sent. 
“Mr. Norton, this is the partnership proposal couriered by Hilbert Group. Please take a look.” 
“Okay.” As Larry took the pile of documents in a paper bag from his assistant, he couldn’t help but feel curious. Why did he say that the documents were couriered? Which company would courier the documents to us?
He opened the paper bag and took out the documents carefully. Apart from the word “Partnership” on the cover page, an email address was written on every paper. 
In the past, Larry would think that it was a prank made by one of his disgruntled employees. This time around, the email address appeared to have some magical power that enticed him to open it. 
He quickly typed the email address on his laptop. The next moment, several emails popped out, of which the first one showed the word “Welcome”. He clicked on the arrow with his slightly shivering hand. 
The next word that came into sight was “Search”. Although it seemed like a boring prank, Larry somehow felt that he would discover more information soon. 
As he opened the next email and saw the word “Truth”, his heart skipped a beat. 
It was the last word that he saw. The subsequent emails contained pictures depicting the ordinary life of a man and a woman. In some of the pictures, they chatted and took care of each other. The man also pared an apple to the woman lovingly. Besides, some photos also showed that they seemed to be rather intimate. 
They looked indeed like a husband and a wife who visited the market, bought food, and bargained with the hawkers. 
Larry’s heart went cold as he looked at the pictures one by one. 
At this moment, he didn’t feel sad, devastated, nor angry. After all, he had felt totally drained whenever he read the news about Joan every day. As he felt exhausted, he didn’t want to think about or be mad at her anymore.
Nonetheless, there was one thing that he had to do—he had to go to the hospital. He wished to find out if she was still there and waiting for him. 
Once Larry made up his mind, he rushed out of his office without shutting down the laptop. To avoid the heavy traffic, he even made a detour to the hospital where she was admitted. 
He felt that everything on the streets moved swiftly because he ran as fast as he could. After a while, he finally arrived at the hospital, panting and covered in sweat. However, she had moved out of the ward, and nothing was left in it. 
“She’s gone.” 
He couldn’t help but laugh at himself. Larry, you already have the answer before this. Why do you still waste time taking a look in person? Will you be satisfied only after witnessing everything that you loathe? Is this how you’re finally willing to give up on her?
###Chapter 1655
Chapter 1655 
It was the first time in his life to enter a bar. He used to tell Joan that he looked down upon those who came to such places. When Joan asked him why, he said, “It’s because they are lazy and selfish. They don’t work hard but choose to numb themselves with alcohol in such places. So, they’re merely losers left out by society… they’re the pest to society.” 
Gazing at several bottles of vodkas in front of him, Larry laughed at himself again. How could I look down on them? Well, I became an idiot who has fallen for the tricks, just like all of them. I became someone whom I loathed the most. 
If the blue vodkas resembled the vast sea, he was the traveler drowning in the deep sea who couldn’t clutch at any straws. 
Larry somehow saw the reflection of a beautiful lady’s face in his wine glass. After staring at the face in silence for quite some time, he gulped down the wine and murmured, “Joan, you made me into what I am now.” 
Meanwhile, Caspian came to the company to visit Larry as he felt guilty. Nancy told him that the misunderstanding between men remained unsolved often because they either felt embarrassed or dared not speak first. Besides, since Caspian trusted their friendship and brotherhood that had lasted for years, he mustered up his courage to be here. 
“I’m sorry, sir. Mr. Norton has left for quite some time.” 
“Do you know where he went?” 
The assistant put on an apologetic smile and said, “I’m sorry. Mr. Norton didn’t disclose it. If you really have important matters, you may wait for him in the president’s office for a while.”
Caspian waved his hands and said, “It’s okay. I can come again next time as it’s not an urgent matter.” 
The assistant still smiled at him politely. “Sure. I’m sorry, but would you excuse me? I’ve to get back to work.” 
Larry nodded in response while thinking to himself. Larry is a workaholic who keeps immersing himself in piles of documents. Since when has he learned to get some rest? The night had fallen when he wanted to leave Larry’s office. Suddenly, he saw that something in the office was not turned off, thus giving out a faint glow. 
As the door was partially closed, he entered the room and saw a white laptop that wasn’t shut down. He realized the glow came from it and was reflected on the wall. 
“Since when did Boss become so careless? Why did he forget to shut down the laptop before leaving?” Caspian murmured. 
When Caspian grabbed the mouse, he saw a photo on the laptop of a man and a woman. Apparently, they visited a market together. 
“Is that Joan? And Dustin?” 
After investigating Dustin thoroughly and obtaining his personal information, Caspian always saw Dustin as his archenemy. Caspian believed that Dustin definitely had a poor character since he had the cheek to ruin the relationship of others. 
A moment later, Caspian mustered up the courage to look at the next photos. There were more than twenty photos of Joan and Dustin, which were taken from various angles. 
Click, click! He immediately took out his phone to snap pictures of everything, including the photos, email address, and the sender. After saving all of the pictures, he sent one of them to Nancy and a
voice message to briefly explain the situation. Also, he asked Nancy to think about where Larry would have gone. 
Now I understand why Boss left without shutting down his laptop. If I were him, I would smash my laptop and punish the jerk myself. 
Caspian felt restless as he walked out of Larry’s office. Will he take things too hard and harm himself? No, he’s not that vulnerable. He only needs some time to calm himself down. Caspian said to himself as though he wanted to have peace of mind. 
After that, he quickly hailed a cab and told the taxi a few locations. He went to different places in the same cab to save time. 
First, Caspian went to Larry’s house. However, he couldn’t enter it because the gate was locked. Although he could enter the house of Larry’s parents, Finnick and his wife told him that Larry had not visited them for a few days. They even asked if Caspian knew what Larry was up to recently. Caspian came up with a story as he dared not tell them what had actually happened.
###Chapter 1656
Chapter 1656 
Caspian went to many places, including their favorite restaurant, gardens, and so on, yet there was still no sight of Larry. Given that he nearly went to all places in Marsingfill, even the cab driver couldn’t help but ask if something happened. 
After searching Larry for two hours, he almost wanted to burst into tears. He felt that it was way more tiring than the military training that he went through. After all, mental exhaustion was more devastating than physical tiredness. Leaning against the headrest in the passenger’s seat, he covered his eyes with a hand while massaging his temples with the other. 
“Young man, where should we go now? I’ve been to all of the places you told me.” 
Caspian replied in a weary voice, “I don’t know. Just go straight.” 
After going straight for less than two minutes, Caspian’s phone in his pocket suddenly rang. Thinking that it could be Larry’s call, he hastily picked it up. 
“Hello, are you Caspian? Where are you? I’ve been looking for you for almost the entire night!” 
Since it was a stranger’s voice, Caspian immediately felt that something wasn’t right. He glanced at the phone screen and confirmed that it was Larry’s number. 
Why does he have Boss’s phone? Holding on to his curiosity, he calmed himself down and continued answering the phone, “Who are you? Why do you have my friend’s phone?” 
“Your friend is dead drunk in my bar. When I asked him some questions, he didn’t answer me at all. Instead, he handed his phone to me and fell asleep right away. I don’t mind if he’s drunk, but he hasn’t paid me yet. After all, these few bottles of vodkas are quite expensive. Since you were the last one he called, I thought I should call you. Are you to pick him up? Otherwise, I’m going to call the police.”
Upon hearing it, Caspian immediately asked the driver to make a U-turn. “May I know where your bar is? I’ll be there right away. You don’t have to worry about the bill. Please don’t call the police.” 
The stranger gave Caspian the address. It was a place where even Caspian, who knew the ins and outs of Marsingfill, wasn’t familiar with. Shortly afterward, the cab arrived at the bar. 
After paying for the ride, Caspian realized that he only had two hundred left. Nevertheless, he didn’t think too much about it as the only thing in his mind now was to pick Larry up. 
As soon as he entered the bar, he was overwhelmed by the deafening music. Since he didn’t hear any noise outside, he couldn’t help but feel impressed with the soundproof quality of the door. 
Although the bar wasn’t cramped, it was crowded with many rich decadents, disheveled men, and women in revealing clothes and excessive makeup. It instantly gave him goosebumps. 
After all, it was the first time that Caspian visited such a place. He was dazzled by the lights that kept changing colors. Eventually, he was lost in such a dimly lit and chaotic environment. When he felt increasingly uncomfortable, a few bartenders noticed him. 
Soon, one of them asked if he was looking for someone and led him to Larry. 
Finally, Caspian saw Larry lying on the brown bar counter listlessly. Caspian was certain that Larry wasn’t asleep as he was still shaking a wine bottle with one hand while holding a glass with the other. As Caspian came closer, Larry gulped down the wine in his glass. 
Caspian rushed toward Larry to grab the wine bottle. It was only now that he saw a row of empty vodka bottles next to Larry. 
“Put it down!” As far as Caspian remembered, Larry wasn’t good at drinking. He would only drink a little when he had to meet his clients. As such, Caspian was shocked to see that he drank so much, as
though vodka was water. 
As soon as Caspian sat next to Larry, he could feel an overpowering smell of alcohol. 
On the other hand, Larry flashed Caspian a grin when their eyes met. However, he basically stuttered as he had too much vodka. Caspian couldn’t understand a single word but could tell that Larry was probably inviting him to drink together.
###Chapter 1657
Chapter 1657 
Caspian was furious to see that his good friend-cum-boss became decadent. Unable to hold on to his anger, he grabbed the bottle from Larry and gulped down the remaining vodka. 
“Ahem…” As he was choked, he coughed vigorously as though blood would spurt out from his mouth anytime. I really don’t understand how a bitter drink can drown our sorrows. 
Meanwhile, Larry seemed to be gloating over it when Caspian was coughing. However, his body was shaking as though he would fall to the floor the next second. After Caspian put down the bottle, Larry realized that it was empty. The next moment, he stammered loudly, “Get me another bottle!” 
This time, Caspian finally understood what Larry said. He immediately grabbed Larry’s hand and berated, “Do you want to drink more and die due to alcohol overdose? Do you think alcohol is just like water?” 
Larry tilted his head and stared at Caspian like a drunkard. A few seconds later, he put on a wry smile and replied, “Yes, I want it!” 
What do you want? Do you want to die? However, Caspian held his tongue. As they were even closer than blood brothers, Caspian couldn’t say such nasty things to Larry when he was drunk. As such, Caspian only stared at Larry silently. Even though Larry was drunk, he still remembered the things that troubled him. 
Caspian was in a daze for quite some time before he recalled that there were many bottles of vodkas on the table. Since he couldn’t pay the bill with only two hundred in his pocket, he called Nancy and asked her to bring a debit card to the bar.
“Boss, do you know you look exactly like a drunk who has no home?” Although Caspian was talking to Larry, he seemed to be saying this to himself. 
Meanwhile, Larry had sat straight when Caspian was calling Nancy. After Caspian finished, Larry gazed at him and said, “There’s no home. My home is gone long ago.” 
Caspian felt a little heartbroken upon hearing it. Since Caspian couldn’t comfort Larry, he only patted Larry’s back to give him some insignificant moral support. 
Larry had always been an overbearing figure both in business and on the battlefield. However, he seemed to have turned into a totally different man in the bar. In this world, only Joan could destroy this invincible man. 
Caspian seldom talked behind someone’s back, particularly Larry, who was like his family member. Nevertheless, Caspian cursed Joan deep in his heart numerous times. He couldn’t understand why Larry kept giving Joan chances. Even more so, he had no idea why he was willing to be dead drunk for a woman like her. 
As Nancy arrived, a bartender stood before Caspian, urging him to pay the bill. She rushed toward them and showed them the debit card. “Let me get the bill.” 
The bartender took her card and left. Before Nancy asked what happened, she saw Larry lying on the table next to Caspian. 
Meanwhile, Larry probably felt a lot better than before. At the very least, he stopped whining sobbingly and was lying silently. 
As Larry was dead drunk, Caspian said to Nancy, “I think Boss can’t go back by himself. Besides, we can’t drive him to his parent’s house because they’ll be worried about him.
“Nancy, I think we should bring him back to our house. Look at him. He certainly can’t take care of himself now.” 
Nonetheless, as soon as Larry heard that they were going back, he started struggling on the chair and murmured, “I can still drink. I’m not going back!”
###Chapter 1658
Chapter 1658 
Given Caspian’s strength, it would be no problem for him to bear Larry’s weight. However, he was already getting a headache the minute he entered the rowdy bar with blasting music. Coupled with how much Larry was squirming, Caspian almost fell to the ground while helping him up. 
Meanwhile, Nancy had noticed how much trouble Caspian was having, so she stepped forward and hooked one of Larry’s arms around her neck. Needless to say, it was a lot easier for Caspian with help from someone with a Taekwondo black belt. As he naturally took the other arm, they managed to drag the drunk man out. 
It did not take long for them to help Larry into the car. But since Nancy drove here with a navigator, she had already forgotten the way back. Therefore, Caspian took the driver seat instead. 
“Why did Larry drink so much? How did even you find out that he was here?” Nancy questioned the moment they were seated in the car. 
“Who knew that Joan turned out to be someone like that? I can’t believe that we tried to keep her secret and even hid it from Larry. If only we revealed it to him sooner, he would not have assumed that we all lied to him and betrayed him. He probably wouldn’t have downed this much alcohol either,” she continued to grumble. 
At that time, it was already past midnight, and there were lesser cars on the road. As though taking the opportunity to vent his anger, Caspian began to speed. He slammed the steering wheel with his left hand and growled, “This can’t do. I must take revenge for Boss.” 
“Please slow down…” Nancy anxiously yelled as she felt the car accelerating. Then, she noticed the hand beside her twitching, so she snapped her head in its direction. Larry was mumbling something repeatedly while changing his sitting posture restlessly.
“Don’t do anything funny behind our backs, and don’t you dare lay a finger on Joan. I still have faith in her,” Nancy turned back to Caspian and defended Joan. 
By then, Caspian had slowed down, but he was unconvinced. He reasoned, “Didn’t you see those photos? It may simply be a coincidence if we only had one photo. The second may be accidental too. Unfortunately, there are more than twenty pictures of her. Do you still think that she did nothing wrong?” 
Firmly standing her ground, Nancy insisted, “Aren’t you curious about where these photos came from? Who and why do you think took them?” 
“Seeing is believing, and we have already seen it twice. Don’t you think that’s enough evidence? I will be sure to investigate the source of those photos,” the man at the wheel replied after taking a moment to ponder over it. 
Nancy kept quiet. Even though she believed Joan, she could not refute that ‘seeing is believing’. Glancing at the intoxicated man beside her and the driver who was releasing his anger behind the wheel, she decided that silence was the best choice in that situation. 
As they drove, the scenery outside the window flew by in a blur. The ground reflected the dull moonlight, and it looked like the Earth was covered in a translucent veil that dyed the night sky into a mysterious color. 
Miles away, Joan was holding onto her fork as she stared at the dishes prepared by Dustin. For some reason, she felt uneasy. She repeatedly poked her cheek with the back of her fork, and for a long time, she did not touch any of the food. 
“Are you not hungry?” Dustin propped his hands on the table and asked with concern, “What’s wrong?”
Immediately, Joan scooped a bunch of vegetables and shoved it into her mouth. She forced a smile and mumbled with her mouth filled with food, “It’s delicious!” 
The dishes were tasty, but she could not comprehend why she was feeling this troubled. There was a dull throbbing in her heart, and she felt an inexplicably bad premonition. 
Although this was the first meal Dustin had ever cooked for Joan, she did not enjoy it as much as she expected. Like they were strangers at a college canteen eating together, they barely exchanged words across the dinner table. Clearly, it was an awkward situation, but they seemed unbothered as they mulled over the worries of their own. 
On the other hand, Nancy was assisting Caspian to bring Larry into the house. After they moved him to the guest room, she hurriedly went to fill up a pail of warm water for Caspian to help Larry wash up. Following that, she picked out a shirt Caspian rarely wore and passed it to him.
###Chapter 1659
Chapter 1659 
Thankfully, Larry stopped fidgeting ever since he got into the car. Even so, they still met some difficulty before they finally managed to tuck him into bed. As he heard the incoherent strings of words that Larry occasionally blurted, Caspian thought his boss had a bad dream in his sleep. 
The next morning, Larry woke up as usual, yet he felt that something was off. His last memory was drinking at a bar, so how did he end up here? 
The first thing he saw when he opened his eyes was the sky blue ceiling above him. Naturally, he started to scan his surroundings. He felt fine initially. However, as soon as he tilted his head, it felt as though his soul had left his body. All he felt was a nasty headache and a heartache now. 
I felt fine last night while drinking and did not feel intoxicated then. Why am I having such a bad hangover? 
The unfamiliar furnishing around him only confirmed his suspicions that he was not in his own house. Instantly, he tried to stand up while using the bed as his support. To his surprise, he realized he was in a different set of clothes from last night. Did someone bring me here and help me change yesterday? 
By chance, he also noticed his mobile phone placed on the bedside table. Alas, the screen was black, like it was turned off or out of battery. Frustrated, he ruffled his fingers through his hair, desperately trying to piece together the fragmented memories he had of the previous night. 
Squeak. Suddenly, someone pushed open the door, and it turned out to be Nancy, who was holding onto a bowl of soup. “Oh Larry, you are awake.” 
“What… am I doing here?” Larry stammered.
“You had a little too much to drink yesterday, so Caspian and I spent some time before we found you at a bar. Following that, we took you here, and Caspian helped you to change out of your dirty clothes.” 
Putting on a tough act, Larry got out of bed and muttered, “I’m fine. Both of you don’t have to worry about me.” 
Nancy sighed and held the bowl up to the man in front of her. “Larry, you were dead drunk last night. Have some of this hangover soup. Otherwise, your headache will persist throughout the entire day.” 
Before he could respond, Nancy forced him to take the bowl and went out to look for Caspian. Left alone in the room, Larry stared blankly at his reflection in the soup. 
He could still remember the photos he saw the previous afternoon and the details of everything that happened at that time. The memories made him feel suffocated, and his throat felt hot as though it was on fire. In the heat of the moment, he slammed the soup onto the table, and its contents splashed everywhere. A few drops even scalded his hand. Unknown to him, a few drops also landed on the table, looking like raindrops that were falling on the surface of a river. 
“Boss, you’re awake.” Caspian warily poked his head from behind the door like a spy who was checking the situation out. 
Hearing no response, he let himself into the room and quietly closed the door behind him. He sat on a chair facing Larry, and they sat there in silence for a long time. 
Time went by, and the hangover soup that Nancy prepared had already turned cold. Caspian finally mustered up the courage to speak. “Boss, I’m sorry for hiding things from you previously. Actually, I…” 
Larry raised his head and looked at Caspian with disappointment. He interrupted his bodyguard, “Is there any point to talk about this now?” At this stage, he felt helpless, like he was at the bottom of the
sea with no one who could save him. 
Unsure of what to do, Caspian stammered, “What are you planning to do then?” 
“I have no clue.” 
It was four simple words, yet this was the first time Caspian had ever heard Larry say something along these lines. From his memory, his boss was a fearless individual who had countermeasures for every situation, and Caspian did not expect to see a day where Larry would be as helpless as he was now. 
For most men out there, it would be hard to forgive someone who betrayed you. In particular, if the traitor were to be someone you were close to, as it would be a fatal blow. 
Trembling, Caspian cautiously probed, “Then…should I continue to look into this matter?” He was afraid that he might touch the wrong nerve if he said something wrong.
###Chapter 1660
Chapter 1660 
In response, Larry shook his head and said nothing. Every time Larry remained silent, Caspian only felt more resentful towards Joan. Did he drink a potion instead of the alcohol yesterday? He was hysterical the previous day, but he seems calm and reserved today. 
“Boss, you are abusing your health like that. From as far as I can remember, you have never had this much alcohol before. Here, let me reheat the hangover soup while you lay down and get some rest in the meantime,” Caspian suggested. 
Despite what Caspian had said, Larry did not move an inch. He was looking out in the distance and watching the greenery outside the window. Seemingly deep in thought, it was difficult for anyone to get through to him. 
Caspian could only sigh and leave the room with the half-filled bowl of soup. To his surprise, he saw Nancy hiding behind the door when he went out. Grabbing her arm, he quietly dragged her away. 
“How did it go? Did he open up to you? How about his state of emotions?” Nancy shot him with a flurry of questions. 
With a bitter smile, Caspian stated, “He’s doing more than okay, and there are no traces of the heartbreak he had last night. However, he seemed to have lost his spirit. Earlier, he barely responded to whatever I said.” 
This made Nancy worried. “Oh? Is it that serious? I guess he is really devastated by what Joan has done.” 
“He is not just devastated… it broke him. I think he has lost his willpower to even live on.” Abruptly, Caspian thought of the photos taken, and he hurriedly ran to the study to enter his email address and
search for the sender ‘S’ on his laptop. 
Curious about what was going on, Nancy followed him into the room and read the email sent by ‘S’. Sure enough, the person left nothing but his nickname in it. Caspian was baffled by who it might be and what to do next, but Nancy stepped in to take the lead. She smacked her forehead and exclaimed, “I know what to do, the IP! Search for this IP address right now, and we can trace it back to him!” 
“Oh yes, why did I not think of that?” At the speed of light, Caspian’s fingers began dancing across the keyboard. It did not take him long before he found the IP address of the sender. 
However, how could it be this easy for them to track the anonymous sender down? Even though Caspian dug out the IP address, he realized it was different for every photo sent. How could the person exist in more than twenty over places? 
Nancy and Caspian exchanged glances. Was this how they were going to end their investigation? Messaging his temples, Caspian closed his laptop. 
“Why would someone use these photos to blackmail others? Caspian, do you think that the perpetrator is doing this for money?” Nancy thought out loud. 
Glancing at her, Caspian calmly explained, “No, that’s highly unlikely. If he is after money, he will take these photos to Joan instead because she would likely buy them to protect her marriage with Boss. Besides, the mastermind can only maximize his self-interest by going to Joan, and not Boss.” 
“So he is not motivated by money…” Nancy pinched her chin and continued, “Is he trying to break up their relationship?” 
Rather than replying to her hypothesis directly, Caspian threw her another question, “Nancy, have you ever considered the possibility that Joan might have really done something to let Boss down? As you
know, his company has been closely monitored by various media outlets, and all its stocks and related products are heavily affected by Boss’ every move. In the case where they expose the couple’s emotional discord, do you know how much impact it would have on the company’s stock prices?” 
It was one of the rare moments where Nancy did not argue with him. Taking advantage of this opportunity, Caspian finally revealed the things he had been keeping mum. “Nancy, you insisted that you are certain about Joan’s character and her love for Boss. However, in the face of so many photos and evidence, have you ever asked yourself if you truly believe in Joan’s story? Has it never crossed your mind that she was only doing it to please Boss?”
###Chapter 1661
Chapter 1661 
Nancy gave it some thought. Indeed, she had thought about all the things he had said. When she saw him helping Larry out, the words she repeated a thousand times to support Joan suddenly meant nothing, and her confidence had morphed into resentment and incomprehension towards the latter. From a darker perspective, one could not deny the existence of those photos regardless of the mastermind’s motive behind these photos. If Joan did not visit Dustin, how did such photos appear? If she was clean and had self-respect, why would she meet with him so many times even though she was already a married woman with a family? 
Besides, based on Larry’s abnormal behavior over the past few days, she clearly had not visited him in a long while. No matter how much Nancy thought about it, she would never indecisively linger between two men if she already decided that she had lost feelings for one of them. By doing otherwise, she would only end up hurting everyone’s feelings. Currently, Caspian has lost all trust in Joan, so do I still trust her?” Should she believe in the conclusive evidence gathered, or should she count on her friendship with Joan? 
“A lot of the soup has been spilt, and it has turned cold. Could you prepare another bowl?” Caspian requested before he twisted the doorknob to exit the study. Nancy followed behind him. 
As soon as they stepped out, they noticed that the house was eerily silent. Feeling uneasy, Caspian exchanged anxious looks with Nancy. He was about to rush over and tear down the bedroom door, but Nancy stopped him. 
As such, Caspian tried to calm himself down and gently pushed the bedroom door open instead. From the crack, he could not see Larry’s figure. Bang! As expected, the man was nowhere in sight when they pushed open the door.
He stood rooted to the ground in a daze. Meanwhile, Nancy pushed past him and spotted a letter that Larry left behind on the table. 
With her gaze, she beckoned Caspian over. Then, she held the letter out with both hands and read the contents in a small voice. 
“I’m sorry that I left. Don’t bother looking for me. Thank you for everything, and goodbye.” 
Stunned, Nancy’s first instinct was to run out to stop him. When she turned to chase after Larry, Caspian caught hold of her wrist. He grabbed it so tightly that it hurt her. 
Using the gentlest and most helpless tone, he pleaded, “Nancy, don’t go after him. He doesn’t want to see us, nor does he want us to find him.” 
“What else should we do? Are we going to let him wander around the streets alone, without a friend and without the thought of visiting his kin?” Nancy choked. 
Tears were forming in Caspian’s eyes, but he held them back in front of Nancy. Pretending to be calm, he assured her, “Let’s give him some space outside to think through everything that had happened. When he thinks of us and wishes to return, we can look for him then.” 
In fact, Larry did not completely blackout when he was drunk and still had some vague memories of that night. For instance, he remembered floundering while Caspian and Nancy tried to help him out of the bar. As a result, they had to change how they supported him several times, earning many glares from passersby. He felt guilty for everything, and although he was not fully conscious at that time, the fragmented memory still weighed heavily in his mind when he woke up. Feeling apologetic, he apologized in the letter he wrote for them.
As for the ‘thank you’ he wrote, it was out of gratitude for the trouble they took to travel to the bar and back to this house for him. At least now he knew he still had friends who cared for him dearly by his side, though he might have lost his beloved. 
Knock! The rapping on the door snapped Nancy out of her thoughts. Retracting her hand from Caspian’s grip, she quickly headed to the door. 
Who knows, Larry might have changed his mind. Maybe he no longer feels conflicted and has overcome his struggles. Maybe he wants to come back to talk to someone about it? 
With that thought, Nancy’s expression softened. But as soon as she opened the door and saw who it was, she froze.
###Chapter 1662
Chapter 1662 
The visitor’s hand stopped mid-air as though she did not expect anyone to answer the door. After all, she had knocked for such a long time and might have assumed that no one to be home. Slightly surprised, she still beamed brightly when the door opened. Her soft voice rang in Nancy’s ears. “Nancy, is Larry here?” 
Before the woman in the house could reply or even think of what to say, a strong hand reached out from behind her to slam the door shut. 
While Nancy jumped in surprise, the woman standing outside was confused. Puzzled, Joan knocked on the door again. As it happened too quickly, she did not catch sight of the person who shut the door. For a split second, she thought it was a robber who closed the door to protect his identity when he saw that she had a visitor. 
“Nancy, what’s wrong? Who was that? Hey, you better not lay a finger on her! Please calm down,” Joan’s voice grew louder, to the point where she was almost yelling. At the same time, she banged on the door without a care. 
“It’s me,” Caspian declared. His hand was still in the same position where he slammed the door shut. Meanwhile, Nancy was trapped between the door and him. As she was unsure what he was going to do, she did not even dare to breathe. 
The situation made the visitor bewildered. “Caspian? Why don’t you open the door? Did you mistake me for someone else? I’m Joan.” 
Unforgivingly, the man asserted, “I know that you’re Joan. Don’t you dare come here anymore because you are not welcome!” Nancy could feel his voice reverberating through her scalp as he spoke.
“Caspian, Nancy, what’s wrong with both of you? Can’t you open the door and talk to me about it?” Joan desperately pleaded. 
She had no clue why the two was treating her this way. Regardless of how much she thought about it, she could not recall any conflicts with them. Furthermore, they got along fine over the last few years, and they never had any disputes. In addition, they would usually discuss things in the open, but why are they refusing to meet her now?” 
“Joan, you’d better leave now, and please don’t return to look for Boss in future too. If you make another visit here, I will throw you out myself. After all, we have been good friends for many years, and I believe we should not destroy our friendship this way. You should have known better before you came.” 
Nevertheless, Joan was persistent, and she shouted louder than before, “Caspian, what is going on with you? Are you trying to break your ties with me? Otherwise, can you let me speak with Nancy? Even if there is a misunderstanding between us, we should at least lay it out in the open!” 
Hearing her name being called out, Nancy wanted to break from Caspian and open the door for Joan. However, despite having a black belt in Taekwondo herself, she was no match against a man who had been a soldier. Additionally, she subconsciously did not want to let the person outside in either. She thought the visitor was filthy and would dirty the house if she came in. 
At the same time, Caspian had noticed how Nancy wanted to open the door, so he shot her a threatening glare that she had never witnessed before. It made her feel like she was prey, while he was a hunter with a gun in his hands. 
Consequently, she gave up on the thought of allowing the visitor in but pressed her ear against the door to hear what was going on the other side.
By the time Joan’s voice was hoarse from all that shouting, and her hand became sore from banging on the door, the door was still glued shut. In a feeble voice, she muttered, “What… on earth happened?” 
Those were words meant for the people in the house, but it sounded like she was talking to herself. Initially, she only came here to visit Larry. Yet, to her wildest imagination, she was rejected by the two friends she trusted most. 
She stayed outside the door for a long duration while Caspian and Nancy continued to ignore her the whole time, without even responding to her anymore. All she felt was despair, as she had no idea what resulted in such a huge reaction from the two parties.
###Chapter 1663
Chapter 1663 
She phoned Nancy repeatedly, and the latter felt her phone vibrating in her pocket. While her heart started to be swayed, Caspian snatched her phone and turned it off. By doing so, Joan could no longer call to ‘harass’ them anymore. 
Being unable to get a hold of Larry either, Nancy panicked, and she felt fear spreading through her limbs. Usually, she was a person who would put all her energy into work, no matter what she encountered. Unfortunately, she now realized that was only possible because everything she had was built upon the foundation of having a lover, friends and a beautiful family. 
With their backing, she had the capacity to fulfil her dreams. If they were gradually taken away from her, she would not have the strength and drive to chase those dreams of hers, as the people she treasured were more important than her ambitions. 
Relative to her loved ones, her aspirations did not hold a candle to them. Is it too late for her to grasp this concept at this point? 
Somehow, she stumbled onto the streets that were busy with traffic and filled with pedestrians as usual. 
By the road, there was a woman who had set up a fruit stall. Her business seemed to be flourishing, and her line of customers did not seem to dwindle. Joan stepped forward to take a closer look. Unfortunately, from the perspective of others, she was blocking their way. 
“Miss, can move away? It doesn’t matter if you are not buying anything, but please don’t get in our way,” a plump man chided her. 
Startled, Joan took a few steps back obediently. At the same time, an older lady spotted her curious expression and asked her in amusement, “Are you trying to figure out why the business here is so good
when there are plenty of other fruit stalls?” 
Joan nodded. Seeing how she was willing to listen to her, the older lady grinned wider. “It’s because of how kind the owner of this fruit stall is. Her fruits are cheaper than her competitors, and they are delicious. Rumor has it that she is bringing up a child on her own. Yet, every time she makes a sale to us, she only earns a small profit. Since she is kind and pretty, we call her the ‘Fruit Goddess’.” 
How can she live well on her own even though she has to raise a child by herself? The moment that thought popped out in her head, Joan felt taken aback. Regardless of how strained her relationship with Larry was, she never thought of breaking up with him. Besides, even if they went their separate ways, she could never leave with Leslie, given how influential the Norton family was. 
She stood by the fruit stall for a long time and curiously wanted to take a peek at who this strong woman was. So far, she always thought that such powerful females only existed in books that featured famous people. 
When the crowd slowly thinned, she managed to catch a glimpse of half of the owner’s body. That lady had a good figure, and her wavy hair was tied back into a ponytail with a black hair tie. She wore a white apron held together by a belt tied into a beautiful bow. 
After serving the last few orders, the owner could finally take a seat to rest her feet. Given her tall height, it looked rather uncomfortable for her to rest on her small wooden bench. 
While she raised her head to take a swing from her bottle of mineral water, Joan immediately recognized the woman’s dazzling facial features, perfect figure and iconic wavy hair. 
Isn’t that Gabriella? I haven’t seen her in a while.
Without hesitation, Joan walked up to Gabriella, who was focused on downing the water in her bottle. She seemed parched as she did not even notice a person standing in front of her in such proximity. 
“I would like to buy some apples,” Joan said. 
“Sure. Please give me a moment miss, I’ll…” 
Miss? Since when did Gabriella greet people so politely? Her attitude has changed three hundred and sixty degrees, from the unruly temperament she used to have to a gentle and polite one now. 
That moment did not last long as Gabriella stopped midway through her sentence when she saw Joan.
###Chapter 1664
Chapter 1664 
“Are you here to chase me away or to mock me?” she said harshly, though she still bagged the fruits for Joan. 
Despite having a thousand words to say when she first recognized the fruit stall owner, Joan could only utter one word, “Neither.” 
Gabriella smiled and passed the packed apples to her. It was unlike the look she gave to her other customers. Her lips curled into an arrogant smile, and she demanded, “That’s a hundred.” 
That is clearly daylight robbery. How can she ask for so much money when she only gave me six apples? I can’t believe one of the customers earlier actually praised Gabriella for setting low prices. How did she become a completely different person out of the blue? 
Begrudgingly, Joan pulled out a banknote from her wallet and paid Gabriella with it. True enough, the latter did not bother to give her any change, as though it was normal for apples to cost that much. 
The moment Joan took the bag of apples from Gabriella, she heard the other party say, “Since my best friend is here, I should treat you to a cup of coffee.” 
Joan did not respond to the offer, and Gabriella took her silence as consent. After the lady boss closed her shop, she waved to a granny not far away. Without forgetting about Joan’s presence, Gabriella announced, “Granny, I am heading out with my best friend and won’t be selling anymore for today. If any customer comes by to ask, you can tell them that!” 
She emphasized the words ‘best friend’. If this happened in the past, it would irk Joan. However, she did not have any opinions after hearing that today, and it made it seem like they always had a close friendship.
“Joan, where do you think we should go? Let me treat you to something. Should we head to ‘Sweet Time’ or ‘Color House’?” The two places suggested by her were high-end cafes, patronized most by the upper echelon of Marsingfill. 
Joan rarely visited those places, but she was somewhat fascinated by them. She glanced at the other lady. Those places… are only suitable for the ‘Gabriella’, who belongs to the upper-class, instead of this ‘Gabriella,’ who owns a fruit stall. 
“No, I’ll treat you instead.” Joan offered, feeling a sense of superiority from nowhere. In her opinion, since she had a higher salary than Gabriella, she should take care of the bill. 
Little did she know that her considerate gesture was perceived to be a diss to Gabriella. It made the other lady feel like she was being ridiculed and looked down on. 
To Gabriella, Joan’s words sounded this way instead, ”Gabriella, do you think you have the same status as before? How can you act like the spoiled and willful young mistress of the Wards anymore? Just take a look at yourself! You are just a pitiful single mother whose only means of survival is via a small fruit stall” 
In contrast, those were not the true meaning behind Joan’s words. All she intended was to help Gabriella save on her expenses, especially since the latter had worked so hard to get by. 
Given the misunderstanding, Gabriella scoffed, “What’s wrong? Are you looking down on me? Do you think I can’t even afford to buy you a cup of coffee?” 
Joan instantly managed to pick up on how Gabriella had misinterpreted her intentions. She quickly clarified, “I only thought that those were places we don’t necessarily have to visit because they are too expensive. After all, we should all save as much as we can. “
“Don’t worry about that!” Gabriella pulled out her rubber band to let her gorgeous black silky hair cascade down her back. It so happens that she was in a dress that matched her well too. With her milky-white complexion and red lips, she stood out among the crowd like a pearl in a dessert, dazzling and exuding beauty. 
Her tone was curt and was similar to the one she used when she revealed that she liked Larry to Joan. While she may have changed how she behaved around others, she would always treat Joan with disdain. 
After they walked around for some time, they finally arrived at a high-end clubhouse. The server brought the menu to them and politely asked Joan, “Miss, what will you like to order?”
###Chapter 1665
Chapter 1665 
He casually ignored Gabriella and directed his attention to Joan. Sometimes people could act like snobs. Those who felt inferior tend to suck up to the high-ranking officials or famous individuals, hoping to gain their favor and find an easy way up the ladder. Although it did not apply to everyone, the courteous server in front of them seemed to fit the description. 
Gabriella might be beautiful and glamorous, especially in a dress that made her stand out more than Joan did. But the server could immediately tell that the latter was wearing a coat from Opulent Designs. Although it was available on the market for some time, he knew that not everyone could afford to buy it. On the other hand, while Gabriella’s dress was pretty, as someone who served wealthy bosses and mistresses all day, he could tell that it cost peanuts. Such dresses could easily be purchased online for around fifty and might even come with a buy two get one deal. 
Scanning the prices on the menu, Joan got shocked. Ultimately, it was not her idea to come here for coffee. If she stripped her title as Mrs. Norton, she was simply an individual from the working class and a lowly employee working in any company. Without bothering to remember the names of the coffee on the menu, she ordered the cheapest one and sent the server away. 
Meanwhile, Gabriella tried to suppress the frustration she felt. She was aware that given her state, she meant nothing compared to Joan. After all, the lady sitting opposite her could buy the entire shop if she wanted to, let alone a cup of expensive coffee. Resentment grew in Gabriella’s heart, especially after she witnessed how the server had disregarded her. 
In an obnoxious voice, she ordered several things off the menu while pointing at them as though she had returned to the way she used to be. Nodding, the server smiled and asked them to wait for their orders to come.
After he finally left, the two ladies fell into an awkward silence before Gabriella broke it, “You look troubled. Are you that unwilling to sit with me? Can’t you show me some respect, considering how we used to be best friends in college?” 
Joan could not be bothered to explain her circumstances. “You can think however you want, but since I’ve agreed to come out with you, I am not here to despise you of sorts.” 
It was heartbreaking to hear that. In the past, Gabriella was the rose among the thorns. She was wealthy, beautiful, smart, and Landon Ward’s beloved daughter. There were even people fighting to be in line to hang out with her. As such, every time the two of them went out, Joan would be the one feeling inferior. 
Gabriella would never have predicted that the tables would turn, where Joan would say something like that to her. At that moment, she gave up on her plan to diss Joan. Adjusting her sitting posture, she continued with a smile, “Since you aren’t here to mock me, your troubled expression only means that you have a problem…” 
She purposely kept the suspense before she moved closer to Joan and whispered, “You are having a hard time…” 
Hearing those words, Joan shuddered slightly, and that reaction did not escape Gabriella’s eyes. As someone who could pick up on such cues, Gabriella could guess why Joan was unhappy immediately. 
At times, the broken ones would pretend that nothing was wrong. They would conceal their true feelings and put up a brave front. “Nothing is wrong. I’m doing fine,” Joan replied. 
To her dismay, Gabriella was not fooled. She scorned with disdain, “You know it best. While you may think that you can deceive others, you can never lie to yourself. Well, I have to let you know that you can’t even trick me into thinking otherwise.”
Guilty as charged, Joan wanted to rebut, but she could not find the right words to say. Who knew that she would be so nervous? Moreover, it was in front of Gabriella. 
“Why? Did Larry throw you to the curb?” Gabriella was clearly enjoying the moment. She added, “Weren’t the both of you acting like lovebirds before me previously? Not much time has passed, and the both of you have already fallen out?”
###Chapter 1666
Chapter 1666 
If I told her that there’s nothing wrong between Larry and me, will she be stunned? Joan was contemplating over what she should do. Even so, she did not let it show on her face. 
“Of course not. Recently, Larry has been returning home quite late, and I feel uneasy being alone. That’s why I’ve been feeling down…” 
Haha, Joan, do you take me as a three-year-old child? Do you think I’ll take the bait so easily when your lies are clumsily put together? Accommodating Joan’s reasoning, Gabriella pretended to be surprised. “Oh, I see. Regardless, you should be wary. Who knows, he might be seeing another woman as charming as you behind your back.” 
A chill ran down Joan’s spine. They had not seen each other in ages, yet she tried to sell her the idea of an affair so nicely. 
“Don’t worry. Even if such a woman does appear, I will haunt her down as I did to you in the past!” Joan taunted. 
Right away, Gabriella’s expression hardened, but she quickly tried to cover it up. She stammered, “Actually…I have a question for you…” 
“Since when did you learn to ask questions this way?” Joan took the chance to poke fun at her. 
“Forget about it if you don’t want to entertain me. You don’t need to put up a show with me,” Gabriella returned to her original tone. This made Joan feel more at ease since she was used to this side of Gabriella. 
Joan chuckled, “Go ahead and tell me then.”
“Has Landon ever mentioned… me?” Her last word was laced with uncertainty. From Joan’s memory, Gabriella used to call him ‘Dad’ all the time. Yet, she was calling him by his first name now. 
Only now did it click in her head. Gabriella’s sudden change in character was not unfounded. After all, she was a young mistress from a reputable family before her doting father threw her out of the house. He even announced that he had disowned her in an interview in order to protect his company. 
Of course, there was a reason for her demise. If she did not carry out such nasty schemes, she would not have to see a day like this. That said, her personality would not have changed either. 
Joan shook her head. However, it was not because Landon did not mention Gabriella, but because she did not have the chance to meet with him since Larry had rejected the partnership with the Ward Group even before her dispute with him. 
Meanwhile, the patrons at the table beside them were monitoring the stock market for their profits and losses. 
“The stocks that I recently purchased are a good investment! It’s been doing really well.” 
“Recently, stocks have been in a bull market. However, why aren’t the Ward Group’s stocks rising? I bought it while they were rising, yet it has stopped moving since.” 
Coincidentally, they mentioned the Ward Group, and Gabriella picked up on every word they had said. 
Raising the cup of coffee from the table, she stirred the drink with a spoon, creating a circle on the foam. 
“So he hasn’t mentioned anything about me? Hmph.” She snorted, “I think he must be barely getting by…”
“Is this why you wanted to come out with me?” Joan sipped on her coffee, exuding the aura of a socialite. 
Covering it up, Gabriella slyly smiled, “Of course not. I’m also here to mock at your troubled life.” 
Joan thought there was no way to communicate with the other woman. Noticing that her coffee was had cooled down, she gulped it down before using a tissue to wipe her mouth. Then, she stood up and announced, “I’m going off. Since you wanted to treat me, you can foot the bill.
###Chapter 1667
Chapter 1667 
At first, she wanted to leave coolly, but she knocked into a man, dressed in black from head to toe, by the glass door. 
How rude! He did not even bother to apologize to me.The man glanced at her before casting a confused look at her. 
What’s his problem? Hurriedly, she dusted her clothes and left. The man continued to stare at her while in deep thought and only entered the restaurant after her figure disappeared from his sight. 
Jory did not do it on purpose, but it happened by chance. It was Joan who bumped into him, and he did not plan for it to happen. At once, he sent a message to Dustin. It said: I am waiting for you at our old meeting place. Also, I just bumped into Joan at the entrance. 
He was also someone with class and would hold himself in high regard as he sipped on his coffee. While he patiently waited for Dustin, he read the newspapers and enjoyed his beverage. 
Moments later, Dustin, who was usually calm and collected, burst through the door angrily. He headed straight to Jory’s table like a mad man. 
If not because they were in a public setting, he would have grabbed Jory by the collar and lifted him from his seat. He growled, “I thought you promised me never to bother Joan again. Why did you let her spot you?” 
In response, Jory looked like he was being slandered. “You were the one who said that she would never come to such places and chose to meet here. How is it my fault for bumping into her by chance?” 
“Did you really not plan it?” Dustin frowned.
Raising his palm in the air, Jory swore, “I swear I didn’t.” 
This made Dustin confused. The Joan that he knew was a spendthrift and would never patronize such places. Besides being a student from Nirhaven College, she was only an employee of a fashion company. 
Did Larry bring her here? Unknowingly, he said his thoughts aloud. 
“How is that possible? We have already sent the photos, and Larry must hate her by now. Why would they still be together?” Jory immediately shot down his idea. Rolling his eyes, he added, “I think she came with another woman, but I can’t remember how she looks like except for her exquisite figure.” 
Exquisite figure? Names of various women ran through Dustin’s mind. It seemed like he knew someone who would match Jory’s description, but he could not recall who it was at the top of his head. It would take him some time to figure who that lady was, but for now, he was glad that Jory did not do it on purpose. 
Heaving a breath of relief, his voice returned to its normal tone. “Are you certain that you made no mistakes when you sent out those photos?” 
With a childish grin, Jory boasted, “Of course! Have I ever made you worry? I will not let them find out that I sent it until we finish the job. For all you know, they might never be able to trace it back to me.” 
Seeing how Dustin was looking at him suspiciously without a word, Jory assured him, “Don’t look at me like that. I have absolutely no interest in her. Besides, I will never fancy a woman who had given birth. After all, it is inevitable for their figures to change once they have gone through a pregnancy. Haha, she is definitely not my cup of tea.”
Those words posed no value to Dustin, and he did not wish to hear any of them. To him, when you love someone, you would love every part of her, whether it was her inner beauty or physical appearance. Loving only the appearance of a lady could not be considered true love. 
Four days had passed since Larry had been unreachable. He was not contactable by his mobile, and he had not turned up at work nor returned home. 
As Joan did not want Finnick’s wife to worry about Larry, she did not visit them over the past few days either. 
Determined to look for Larry, she even applied for a week’s leave from school. However, it was ending soon, and if she continued to do that, her attendance would fall below her minimum passing rate. Furthermore, she had looked everywhere in Marsingfill but there was no sign of Larry. Desperately, she was just short of pasting a missing person’s notice around the city by now.
###Chapter 1668
Chapter 1668 
There were several blisters on Joan’s feet after walking for hours on end throughout the past few days. Many a time, she wanted to rest by the roadside, but Gabriella’s arrogant face would appear in her mind. It was as though she was standing right before her and mocking her. “Hah! You look rather pathetic, Joan Watts!” 
Every time she thought of that, she inwardly cheered herself on—hang in there! She searched for Larry at every single place they had ever visited together without missing a single detail, retracing their steps in the past. 
The city was enormous, and she weaved through this big city like a headless chicken. At times, when she was truly at the end of her will, she went to the plaza with a water screen and sat on the stone bench while guzzling a bottle of mineral water to quench her thirst. 
The huge screen often played news of the current happenings in Marsingfill, smalls disputes, conflict of interests, or trivial matters in the local community. That day, it was a traffic accident. 
Joan’s hand shook, and she almost dropped the bottle of mineral water in her hand. Her mind was flooded with blood-red images as though the old truck was right in front of her, plowing toward her ruthlessly. 
She knew that she shouldn’t think of Larry at that moment, but fear abruptly seized her. She was struck with terror that such a thing would happen to him, even more so at the thought that perhaps the reason she couldn’t contact him in the past few days was that… tragedy had already befallen him. 
Her legs went weak, and she almost fell to her knees. As gusts of cold wind swept past her from behind, her heart instantly went chilly. Then, she gulped uneasily. No, I must find him even if he’s at the
ends of the world! I must grab hold of him and question him on his reason for avoiding me and refusing to see me. Also, I want to ask him about the misunderstanding Nancy and Caspian have against me. 
As she inhaled deeply, Larry’s voice when they argued echoed in her ears. You don’t need to sound so self-righteous! Haven’t you been yearning to return to Dustin Silverman long ago and even take Leslie with you? Let me tell you, that’s never going to happen! 
At that time, his face was flushed bright red. He was so worked up that if Dustin had appeared before him in the next second, he would have ripped him to shreds. All of a sudden, Joan thought, Larry would certainly have sought Dustin out after our argument. Considering his temperament, he would have gotten into a heated row with him. However, Dustin has been interacting with me as though nothing had happened, never once bringing Larry up as though they never knew each other. 
“Maybe Dustin can tell me something,” she muttered. In the next instance, she sent Dustin a message, asking whether she could meet him. 
Dustin had always answered her messages within seconds, and this time was no exception. He replied: Sure. I’m at the college, so why don’t you come over? His reply made it feel as though one could see his familiar smiling face through the screen. 
As soon as Joan stepped foot into Nirhaven College, she was stopped by a venerated lecturer at the guardhouse. The moment the lecturer caught sight of her, he hastily slid the window open and shouted her name. He initially came over to the guardhouse to hang out with the guards since he was bored, but he had never thought that he would bump into the legendary “transfer student.” 
Rumor had it that she was the wife of a president of a large corporation. She already had a child at such a young age, yet she still wanted to go back to college to study. Coincidentally, she was a student in his class. For some reason, she had taken a leave of absence for several days in a row, and the reason was indicated arrogantly as “none.” If there’s no reason, why on earth are you taking a leave of
absence? However, nothing could be done since she had connections. Other students attended Nirhaven College to expand their knowledge, while she was here just to kill time. 
“Hah! She’s acting high and mighty just because her husband has money, no?” That was the comment he heard most about her among the other female students. 
After listening to such comments time and again, he naturally formed a negative impression of her. Unexpectedly, fate arranged an unintentional meeting between them that day. All at once, he quickly slid open the window and hollered at Joan who was rushing into the college, “Hey, you there! Hold on a moment!”
###Chapter 1669
Chapter 1669 
Taken aback, Joan stared blankly at the man who came out of the guard shack. She racked her brains in search of his countenance, but there was a glitch that simply exasperated her, for he seemed very familiar, yet she just couldn’t remember who he was. 
She stood there in stunned silence for a long while before finally deciding not to greet him. After all, it would be bad if she called him by the wrong name. The man nudged the glasses on the bridge of his nose as he concealed the displeasure within him. Inwardly, however, he chided, What kind of attitude is this? Even if you’re rich, you’re still a student in this college! And even if I’m a lecturer whom you aren’t acquainted with, you should still greet me when I’m standing right in front of you, let alone when I’m your lecturer! 
In the next moment, he flashed her an awkward smile. “Why did you take several days of absence? What’s more, you didn’t even indicate the reason for doing so.” 
“S-Something came up at home… a-and I hadn’t the time to inform the college,” Joan stammered in reply. Huh? He knows that I took a leave of absence… Oh God, that means he’s my lecturer! Nevertheless, she was in a hurry to find Dustin, so she inwardly prayed that he would let her off posthaste. 
Sometimes, the more one hoped that things would go as wished, it would simply refuse to comply and go the other way round. This was one of those times. The lecturer chattered on with her, speaking of attendance, disciplinary warning, demerit, and even turning up late for class. What on earth is this? Does he think that I, Joan Watts, am an elementary or junior high student? 
To be honest, she had zero liking for the middle-aged man in front of her. Just when she was suppressing the urge to get a piece of tape and plaster his mouth that kept opening and closing, a gentle voice drifted over.
No matter whose voice it was, it would naturally sound like music to her ears at that moment. Yes! I can finally be of this old man’s jabbering! She was so ecstatic that she almost jumped for joy. 
“Mr. Yardley, how can you claim that she’s late when she has submitted a request for a leave of absence? Also, if you think that her reason for doing so doesn’t comply with the standard approval, I think you should inquire about the specific situation from the lecturer who approved the request if you want to give her demerit points. After all, if you think there’s a problem with something that’s been approved by another lecturer, the consequences… shouldn’t be borne by the student, no?” 
Unexpectedly, Dustin was even more eloquent than the middle-aged man. He didn’t even need to think before he spoke, yet he successfully rendered him speechless. Nonetheless, they were colleagues who would be seeing each other every day, so he couldn’t take things too far. Stopping while he was ahead, he threw him a compliment instead. 
“Well, no wonder everyone unanimously votes for you as the most popular lecturer of the year when you’re so concerned about your students!” 
Hearing that, the middle-aged man chortled in delight and almost burst with pride. “Really? I’m not as popular as you are, Mr. Silverman. And in work, I merely give it my all to do the best I can…” 
Upon seeing that, Joan was utterly stunned at his ignorance. Dustin merely said that to make up for having rebuked him, but he’s actually so dense to be jabbering on and on about his teaching methods! 
At long last, even Dustin who was even-tempered and patient couldn’t take it anymore. Giving a soft cough, he surreptitiously interrupted his “speech,” saying, “I heard that the outstanding lecturers who have been shortlisted are to head to the conference hall on the second floor of the administrative building for a meeting. I’m afraid you might be reprimanded before all the venerated lecturers if you don’t get a move on now.”
When the man heard that, his expression changed. Hastily taking his leave from Dustin, he then trotted over to the administrative building. Before he left, he even flashed Joan a kind smile, exhibiting a drastic shift from his previous admonishment and disdain toward her. His plump body jiggled as he ran, creating a hilarious sight. 
Subsequently, Dustin walked over to her. “Phew! He’s gone at last! He didn’t put you in a tight spot, did he?” 
“You arrived before he could do so.” As Joan stared at the plump back, she suddenly remembered her purpose in seeking Dustin out and grabbed his sleeve at once. “Let’s forget about that. Dustin, I’m here because of a very crucial matter.”
###Chapter 1670
Chapter 1670 
At that, Dustin’s expression turned solemn as well. “Come, let’s talk in my office.” 
However, Joan couldn’t wait anymore. Following him closely, she asked in a voice colored with urgency, “Did Larry ever come and look for you a few days ago? Did he say anything to you?” 
Hearing that, Dustin glanced over his shoulder at her. “Why do you ask? And what makes you think that he’d definitely come and seek me out?” 
“Because the meeting at the hospital that day was definitely not the last time you two saw each other. Considering his temperament, he’ll certainly seek you out to get to the bottom of things.” Then, Joan continued, “I haven’t seen him for many days now, so I need to know where he is!” 
“I’m sorry, but I have no idea on his whereabout,” Dustin replied unhurriedly. 
All at once, Joan again reached out and grabbed the hem of his shirt. “I don’t need you to tell me where he is. I only want to know whether he came and sought you out!” 
Stopping shortly, Dustin whirled around. His movement was so sudden that Joan almost smacked into him in her distracted state. Even then, she almost fell to the ground due to inertia. Unexpectedly, Dustin reached out and wrapped an arm around her waist. 
As the warmth of his palm seeped through her quality clothes to reach her waist, it burned like a brand and scorched her. 
This time, Joan reacted swiftly. She still had her wits and she knew that she should keep some boundaries between them. Her hands shot out without even thinking about it, and she pushed his shoulders to immediately put a distance of at least one meter between them.
Dustin, however, disregarded her wishes. Instead, his arm around her waist tightened a fraction. Sure enough, she’s still the same as before! The moment something related to Larry is brought up, she’ll behave like a porcupine with all her quills standing up straight as she’s seized by the urge to lash her tail at me. 
“Let go of me, Dustin!” Joan screeched. Afraid that he would do something that crossed the line even further when he was hugging her, she timidly reminded, “We’re in the college.” 
Nonetheless, Dustin was unfazed although a few people were already drawing close to them to watch the show. Inwardly, Joan whined, Argh! I’m dead now! With this, not only will the rumors of me and Dustin flying around the college cease to abate, but it’ll even escalate instead! It’s precisely the slew of rumors about us that caused the misunderstanding between me and Larry to deepen… 
At the direction of her thoughts, she didn’t dare contemplate further. She simply couldn’t shake off the feeling that Dustin would grow even closer to her, while her beloved Larry would swiftly leave her at a speed indiscernible to the naked eye. 
“What if I were to tell you that I did something to him?” 
The gentle voice was no different than before, but as it fell into Joan’s ears at that moment, a chill ran down her spine. Did Dustin… really do something to him? Feigning calmness, she countered, “T-That’s impossible. You’ll never use such a stupid method. You know full well that I’ll lose my mind if something really happens to him, so you won’t make waves on a tranquil sea.” 
Finally, Dustin released his hold on her. “Sure enough, it’s Joan Watts who knows me even better than myself in this entire world.” 
When he mentioned her name, his jet-black eyes stared right at her. Every time he gazed into her eyes, he always wondered whether he could see through her and fathom her thoughts by looking into her
eyes. 
Conversely, Joan couldn’t understand what he meant. How could a person think that somebody else understands him better than himself? Furthermore, I think I don’t understand him at all. I’m merely speculating from what I know about him without having any inkling whether it’s accurate or otherwise. 
“He indeed came to seek me out. I told him that we’re merely friends, and that has never changed since the beginning. Thereafter, he left. As for where he went, he merely said that he’s going to clear his head. That’s all I know.” 
Huh? Larry only told him that he’s going to clear his head? So, I merely came here for an answer that’s of little value in the end? Are there no other leads for me to find him?
###Chapter 1671
Chapter 1671 
For some inexplicable reason, Joan breathed a sigh of relief upon hearing Dustin’s answer. Phew! Thank God they haven’t had an altercation without my knowledge, and it seems that my relationship with Larry hasn’t deteriorated further! 
But was this the end of things? After she had gotten an answer from Dustin, she spun around to leave. Other than Larry, she currently wasn’t in the mood to think about anything else. 
“He’ll never allow you to find him so easily!” Dustin called out behind her. 
Without a backward glance, Joan asserted in a voice that was only audible to him, “Even if he doesn’t want me to find him in this lifetime, I’ll still search for him until I breathe my last.” 
Perhaps such a remark was too melodramatic, but it was undoubtedly a sentiment that came from the depths of her heart at that very moment. 
“Larry, from the second we both fell in love with each other, we’re destined to torture each other…” 
Meanwhile, Larry had turned off his cell phone after leaving Caspian’s house. After struggling with himself for several days, he decided that he needed to put everything aside and find a place where no one knew him to lick the wounds caused by the person he loved most. 
He settled everything at the office, ensuring that Norton Corporation would be able to operate as usual without him for a few days. He had been battling the despondency within him throughout the past few days, so he was truly worn out. Amidst his loneliness, he couldn’t help but recall the beach that had kept him company during his childhood and the sea that was filled with beautiful memories of his mother’s chatter.
Instead of driving, he took a bus there. He opened the window in the bus, but the towering buildings obscured half the sun. Later, the setting sun gradually tinted the clouds in the distance light orange. 
Throughout it all, he felt an indescribable sense of helplessness and disconcertment flooding him like a tidal wave, hammering at him like torrential rain on a stormy night, and engulfing him in a deluge of bitter frost… 
After alighting from the bus, he quietly lit a cigarette. In the hazy cloud of cigarette smoke, his thoughts drifted. He recalled his adorable child… and Joan who once loved him deeply. It seemed as though a beautiful mask had been removed from the past familiar to him, revealing the entirely foreign present. 
Dustin. That was a name that lingered in his mind, haunting him like a terrible nightmare. Those heartbreaking photos were a sharp tool that shattered the beauty of everything between them. He wanted to believe in his wife’s innocence, but he was defeated by reality. Are you really betraying me, Joan Watts? 
Betrayal… All of a sudden, he felt that something was amiss. For a moment, he forgot about the lit cigarette in his hand, and the smoke went straight down his throat to his lungs. However, he couldn’t be bothered about that, merely coughing a few times. 
Have I been obsessed with the possibility of an affair between them? The rumors, photos… everything was from other people’s mouths and hands. Joan has never defended herself against all that, yet I arbitrarily made up my mind that she was tacitly admitting to it and betraying me? 
Because of the rumors and photos, he had been questioning Joan relentlessly. Subsequently, he misunderstood her silence on the matter as a tacit admittance when he never heard any explanation from her. All this while, they had been trapped in the endless cycle of relationship problems, hurting and torturing each other.
Isn’t Dustin Silverman the person who benefits most from it? After all, when two people fight, it’s often the third party who stands to benefit! The person who has been pursuing Joan relentlessly is probably smirking triumphantly now. He thought that he could destroy our relationship without expending any effort, and indeed, my fight with Joan as well as the disintegrating relationship between us seems to be gradually moving according to his plan! 
In truth, my target should be Dustin Silverman who covets Joan every second of every day! Recalling the punch he landed on Dustin’s face at the hospital that day, regret pervaded him. He regretted not having hit him harder so that the malevolent man would never again be able to think of any ploys to ruin his relationship with Joan. 
As the azure waters lapped against the reefs along the coast, they set off wave after wave, each higher than the other. The waves danced in midair slightly before falling again, returning to the embrace of the sea.
###Chapter 1672
Chapter 1672 
Larry had never seen the coast at night. When he was young, he only strolled along the beach with his mother in the afternoon or early morning. Back then, he was always morose and griped that he had no dom and rights, so his mother coaxed him by saying, “Everything you’re learning now is helping you lay your path to make it easier in the future.” 
Having heard that too many times, he naturally found it irritating and couldn’t be bothered to listen to her anymore. Thus, his mother came up with an idea—whenever he was downcast, she would bring him here to look at the sea and amble along the beach with him, leaving rows of neat footprints. 
“There are many things in this world, but there is only one sea. Regardless of whether it’s the present or the future, the sea we behold will be the same sea. Everything in this world will change, but not the sea. As long as you want to see it, it’ll always be here.” 
His mother’s words had been keeping him company for many years, bringing him through the barren desert and biting winter… leading him to the oasis time and again. She had grown old and could no longer walk the beach with him, but the sea she spoke of had always remained here. 
Avoidance was never the answer to any problem. Nevertheless, he hadn’t been in contact with Caspian and Nancy these few days though they were the ones who dragged him back from the bar in the middle of the night. As for Joan, he hadn’t seen her in a long time either. At that time, I said I was going to the office to handle some matters, but I haven’t gone back to see her in ages. What would she think? 
And there’s Leslie as well. With so many things happening, he’s the person I owe most. As a child with both parents alive and he should be loved and pampered by all having been born in a harmonious family. But no thanks to the conflict between his parents, he was placed in a child care center. It was a compromise that Joan proposed, but no one ever considered whether it was fair or otherwise to him.
He’s merely a child who still doesn’t understand the world, but he’s now paying the price for the conflict between his parents. Actually, neither Joan nor I am good parents. We can’t even handle our own problems, so how are we going to raise a child? How are we going to make him happy when we ourselves aren’t happy? 
Joan, on the other hand, had been mulling over the meaning of Dustin’s remark. Dustin said that Larry won’t allow me to find him easily. He also claimed that Larry merely wants to clear his head, but I’ve already searched all the places in Marsingfill that he might go to, yet I didn’t see any sign of him. 
At a loss, she went to Finnick and Vivian. She purposely bought supplements for them both so that her visit this time would appear sincere. 
Actually, Finnick and Vivian were very fond of Joan. But ever since she and Larry got into a row, she rarely came over to visit them. For that reason, her visit this time came as a surprise to them. 
Thinking that they had already made up, Finnick asked, “Why didn’t Larry come with you, Joan?” 
At that, Joan flashed him an awkward smile. “He’s swamped with work recently, so he can’t make it.” As she said that, she stepped forward and tugged at Vivian’s arm affectionately. “Vivian, he’s too busy recently, so I’m thinking of taking him on a trip. But then, we’ve basically explored all of Marsingfill, so I simply can’t think of any good places…” 
In the end, that was the excuse she came up with to surreptitiously inquire about the places Larry loved to visit in the past without arousing their suspicions. 
Meanwhile, Gabriella’s fruit stall business was still booming, and she was busy like a bee. Ever since she went to the café with Joan back then, she had been working harder than before. On the one hand, she indeed needed the money to better support the son she had with Carl. On the other hand, the server’s contempt toward her that day and Joan’s disdain motivated her to do the best she could.
###Chapter 1673
Chapter 1673 
During the lunch break, Gabriella simply spread out a piece of newspaper on the ground and sat there while hugging her knees. As the weather was growing increasingly hot, she opened a big plastic umbrella that had the words “Cola-Cola” printed on it and placed it beside her. 
At this time, a man in his early twenties sauntered up to her fruit stall. He looked very much like a ruffian with a black baseball cap on his head. While the style of the cap was very simple, someone with a discerning eye would be able to tell that it was a luxury accessory of the upper-classes at a single glance. 
Dipping his head, the man glanced at Gabriella, who had no image to speak of, before snagging an apple from her stall and started tossing it. 
As the red apple was tossed back and forth between his hands, the sound of it hitting his palm had Gabriella jerking her head up to meet the man’s gaze. 
“Put it down at once if you’re not going to buy it!” she roared at him. 
The corners of Jory’s mouth curved into a flippant smile. “It’s just an apple. Even if you sell it, how much money would you make?” 
Upon hearing that, Gabriella saw red. “Give it back to me!” After saying that, her hand shot out to snatch it back from his hand. 
However, Jory dodged her hand with a nimble swivel and tossed the apple even higher. “I wonder if Landon Ward would feel that all his pride throughout the past fifty years and counting is all but obliterated if he were to learn that his biological daughter is selling fruits by the roadside.”
All at once, Gabriella’s heart jolted. She had deliberately picked this spot to set up her fruit stall to keep a distance from Ward Group. Despite having told herself time and again not to concern herself over her father’s pride, a bolt of fear inexplicably struck her when someone said that. 
He’s aware of my identity? I don’t remember telling anyone about my past or identity, and I’ve never seen this man before me ever. So, who is he? 
“Did he send you here? Well, are you here to see how I’m reduced to making a living on the streets?” She then glared at him. “I’m earning money and supporting myself with my own capabilities, so how is that embarrassing to him? Instead, it’s the other way around. Even wild beasts don’t devour their own cubs, yet he abandoned his biological daughter. It’s his behavior that’s shameful and humiliating!” 
Thereafter, Jory flung the apple behind him and applauded her with a smattering of applause as he grinned widely. “Excellent! I loved it! You’re truly someone to be admired for her spunk! You’re not wrong, for the one in the wrong is your father who disowned you!” 
His speech had Gabriella bewildered. If he’s sent here by Landon Ward, he should have mocked me when I said such unpleasant words. Moreover, the people my father employs have always been old and experienced. This man before me is at most twenty-one or twenty-two years old in addition to having a temperament that is extremely unpredictable, so he’s probably not sent by him. 
“Buzz off if there’s nothing else. I don’t have time to talk nonsense with you here. I’ve still got to run my business…” Glimpsing the stark disdain and contempt in his eyes as he looked down at her, her impression of him instantly fell to rock bottom. 
She then started arranging the wares at her stall. At that precise moment, Jory took a step back and whipped out a thick stack of bills from somewhere or other before brandishing it in front of her. “I know you’ve now fallen from grace, and I’m also aware that money is the most important thing to you. Once
upon a time, millions or tens of millions is a drop in the bucket to you, but now, it must be difficult for you to even come up with forty or fifty thousand, no?” 
People who did business, especially small businesses, were exceedingly sensitive to money. Before she was kicked out of the family, she had never thought that there would one day in her life that she would be so worried about money. Thus, she was inevitably tempted when greeted by the sight of the stack of bills in his hand. 
“This stack of bills is enough to buy half a month of your fruits, yes?” Smug triumph flooded Jory when he noticed her gaze pinned intently on the money. Hah! There isn’t a single person I can’t convince. After all, isn’t life a pursue of status, fame, and reputation? Putting it bluntly, it’s all for the money! ”I don’t mind giving you this money, provided you do me a favor. When the matter is settled, I’ll naturally keep my word.
###Chapter 1674
Chapter 1674 
“I just knew that you won’t be giving it to me without any strings attached,” Gabriella muttered softly. 
At that, Jory leaned close to her and brandished the bills in his hand. “Well, that’s because there’s no lunch.” 
“Well? Spit it out! What do you need from me?” Gabriella urged impatiently. 
At the side, Jory hooted with laughter. “Alright, since I’m the one asking for your help, I’m naturally on the lower end.” At that, he tugged at the cap on his head. “Are you not acquainted with Joan Watts?” 
“Yeah,” Gabriella answered. “I’ve got an irreconcilable grudge against her.” 
In truth, the latter half of it was merely a half-hearted remark. After all, Joan had lent her a hand when she was at her lowest. And though her pitiful life at present was all thanks to her, she had also done a number on her when she was high and mighty in the past. 
Hence, she felt that they were even. 
“What a coincidence! I hate her quite a bit as well,” Jory commented. “So, we should ally ourselves and work together!” 
Hearing that, Gabriella’s guard instantly went up. “What do you want me to do to her?” In the past, it was because she had wanted to eliminate Joan that she had gotten herself into hot water. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have ended up in such a sorry state. 
Jory then took out a tiny and thin metal device from his jacket pocket before saying, “You only need to find an opportunity to affix this to Joan Watts’ cell phone.”
Gabriella took the metal device from his hand. “What is this? And how am I supposed to affix it to her cell phone?” 
“You need to find an excuse to get her cell phone. Then, you just need to open the back of it. This device can be adsorbed into her cell phone, so she won’t notice anything. As for what exactly it is, you don’t need to know the answer to that.” 
Gabriella then pocketed the tiny device. “Are you really going to give me a sum of money when I’ve accomplished this?” 
At that, Jory arched an eyebrow. “Do I look like I’m strapped for cash to you? I’ll keep my word to you, but I hope that you’ll also settle the matter you promised me.” 
“How am I to look for you after having done that?” Gabriella questioned. 
“You don’t need to look for me. I’ll come and look for you instead.” After saying that, Jory spun around coolly to leave. 
“Hmm… I remember that I used to bring Larry to the beach whenever he was dejected back when he was young. After some time, he started badgering me to go instead.” Vivian’s eyes were filled with nostalgia toward the past, lighting up like flickering candles. 
“The beach?” Joan murmured. Ever since I got acquainted with Larry, he had never brought me to the beach. If that’s his favorite place, why didn’t he share it with me? 
Vivian then took her hands, passing a steady stream of warmth from her palm to hers. “Yeah, to behold the sea. When you look at the vast sea that extends infinitely, you’ll find that the problems that appeared gigantic and aggravating are actually very insignificant in front of the boundless sea.
“Perhaps he has bidden farewell to his troubles and afflictions after making acquaintance with you and having you by his side. Because he’s happy every single day when he’s with you, he is no longer morose and wanting to look at the sea anymore, unlike his younger days.” She then led her to the balcony by the hand. As greenery surrounded them, everything seemed utterly relaxed. 
“Actually, Joan, we know that there are problems between the two of you, especially when you both had such a huge row when we were at the hospital that day despite it being such a public place. While Finnick and I hadn’t said a word, it doesn’t mean that we’re truly ignorant. “Joan, fights and misunderstandings between couples are inevitable. No matter how close two people are, they are still different entities at the end of the day. The interaction between husband and wife is a process of learning and adapting to each other. Whether two people can live happily for a long time depends on whether they can ameliorate their shortcomings and rectify their mistakes…” Vivian said to Joan earnestly.
###Chapter 1675
Chapter 1675 
“Joan, don’t feel embarrassed because of your conflict with Larry and bottle it up without sharing it with us. Sometimes, when you can’t bear it alone, you should tell me and Finnick about it. We’re both your elders, so we understand life better than you do. The two of you should learn from our life experiences so that your life will be better.” 
Vivian’s words almost had tears streaming down Joan’s face. It had been a long time since an elder had placed herself into their shoes and looked at the problem from their perspective, let alone given her some many nuggets of wisdom. 
Thus, she was undeniably moved. While her expression remained unchanged, she had already hugged Vivian multiple times in her heart. 
At times, she found herself to be very selfish as well. Just because she wanted to see Leslie, she proposed sending him to a child care center. She seemed to consider only her gains, yet never once considering things from Finnick and Vivian’s perspective and taking into account their anguish at not getting to see their grandchild in their golden years. 
Inwardly, she resolved to pick Leslie up and bring him here for them to take care of him. Then, she wanted to go to the beach and ascertain whether Larry was still there. If he were, she would definitely rush forward and hug him tightly before sincerely declaring, “Let’s make up, Larry!” 
Subsequently, she grasped Vivian’s slightly coarse hand, a mark left by time. In the eyes of all children, that was the most beautiful mark that belonged only to their parents. 
“Are you sure you want to terminate our contract?” That was the third time the receptionist had asked Joan that particular question. The fees for this child care center were exorbitant, and back then, she
had paid a year’s payment for Leslie at one go. But since she had changed her mind, the contract between them should end here. 
“Yes. I know all payment that has been received can’t be refunded in the event of a breach of contract, but I’m here today specifically to take my son back. As for the payment, I won’t request a refund since I’ve already signed the contract back then,” Joan enunciated. I never knew that terminating the contract would be so troublesome. If I’d known, I wouldn’t have sent Leslie here no matter what! 
“Please wait for a moment, then. We’ll process it right away.” Flashing her a smile, the receptionist picked up the phone and said a few words before hanging up. Then, she turned to back to her and said, “You can now pick your child up.” 
It had been more than a month since she last saw Leslie. A child of his age was at the peak of growth, seemingly changing every single day. However, she felt very blessed, for she believed that she wouldn’t miss any stage of his growth. 
The receptionist led her through a long corridor before pushing open a blue door. Leslie was lying in a crib with a teddy crib mobile. Perhaps he had a telepathic sense, for the moment she walked in, he giggled. 
She carefully picked him up and swung him in an arc. Leslie loved being picked up, so he was particularly thrilled every time someone did so. His tiny yet chubby hands flailed in the air as he babbled nonsensically. Having picked him up, she was gripped by the urge to never put him down again. 
She cradled him while humming to him. Suddenly, she glimpsed his pillow out of the corner of her eyes and noticed that something seemed to have been shoved underneath. There was a bulge that appeared very much out of place.
Following that, she d one of her hands and flipped the pillow over. In the next moment, she was greeted by the sight of a quality piece of jade that was engraved with a lopsided “Joan” on it. 
She recognized it at a single glance as the unmarked jade that Larry had presented to her back when they had just gotten married and suggested that they engrave it together. 
At that time, she was still analyzing the company’s design drawings, so she merely brushed him off with a lukewarm reply when he came to her enthusiastically, saying, “I’m not doing any engraving. I’ve got to work.
###Chapter 1676
Chapter 1676 
Never had she expected that Larry would engrave the jade on his own in the dead of the night. Now her name ‘Joan’ had been specially and ingeniously inscribed on this expensive jade. 
The crooked and unsightly inscription was nothing like Larry’s elegant handwriting. Larry must have tried his best to control the graver, but how could one compare between writing with a pen and a graver? That was how this one-of-a-kind jade came about. 
As her finger stroked the uneven surface of the engraving on the jade, millions vivid images of Larry flashed across her mind. Other than the happy memories of him, she recalled his enraged face and the times when they got into a serious fight. The last image that came into her mind was Larry sitting at his desk, holding a graver while looking out the window at the night sky, and his forehead was drenched in sweat. 
The man had never shown her the engraved jade, but in the end, it somehow ended up in Leslie’s and her hands. 
Larry visited Leslie before he went missing. I believe he’ll definitely come back, because he’s still holding onto many people and things. He’ll never abandon me and Leslie just like that. 
When Finnick and Vivian saw Joan bringing Leslie to them, their eyes misted over right away. Turning around in silence, Joan blinked back her tears and hailed a cab to the beach. 
Regardless of whether she could find Larry, she wanted to give it a try. A man would be constantly on a woman’s mind if she cared deeply for him, wanting to set foot in every place he had been to before. 
People usually took the things they had for granted or even despised them. Only when they lost something would they remember the goodness that they once had or the people who they cared for,
and that would become the most precious part of their memories. 
The waves crashed against the shore unceasingly, glimmering as the sunlight hit the surface of the sea. Only a handful of people were on the beach. Joan was worn out as she had been to various places over the past few days. But the scenery of the endless ocean and the relaxing rhythm of the waves calm her down, and her anxiety ceased. 
She sat by the reefs on the beach, but Larry was nowhere to be seen. Leaning against a huge rock, she listened to the sound of the waves and gradually drifted off. Just as she was about to fall asleep, her phone rang suddenly. The piercing sound of her ringtone broke the peaceful silence on the beach like an off-key note in the midst of a melodious symphony. 
Taking out her phone, she saw Vivian’s name on the screen, so she quickly swiped to answer the call. 
The woman’s loud and anxious voice echoed on the other side of the phone, “Joan, where are you? Come back now! Something’s wrong with Leslie!” 
The news was like a gigantic, heavy rock on her heart, making her feel out of breath. 
“I’ll be right there!” 
As a mother, these words were the only response she could give now. On her way back, she kept calling Larry, hoping that he would finally answer one of her calls for the first time since he disappeared days ago. 
The ringback tone went on, but she never heard the familiar voice sounded on the other side of the phone. Joan had never felt so despondent in her entire life, trying vainly to reach Larry while worrying about Leslie’s condition. A serious complication has already happened when I secretly took Leslie out, but now…
She dared not to think further about it. “Please drive faster. I’m in a hurry,” she urged the driver. 
Fortunately, there was no heavy traffic on the road at night. The driver hit the pedal and sped all the way to the destination, while Joan was on pins and needles, squirming nervously in her seat. I guess this is how being in a terrible fix feels like. 
Stepping into the hospital, she had lost count of the number of times she came to the hospital recently. I guess no one comes to the hospital as frequently as I do.
###Chapter 1677
Chapter 1677 
In a familiar corridor in front of the ER, Finnick wrapped his arm around Vivian’s shoulder, comforting her in a gentle tone. Beside the couple on a bench, there was a conspicuous, towering figure with his back facing her. 
“Larry?” 
Her voice was soft, yet he heard it. Just like a slow-motion scene in the movie, the man turned around and looked at the misty-eyed woman. The sorrow and grievance in her heart were replaced by excitement the moment she saw him. 
Larry smiled warmly at her. How can he still smile in such a situation? Is he really Leslie’s biological father? As the woman was finding fault with him, she blamed herself too. Hold on. How can I be in the mood to find fault with him at a time like this? 
The two stood rooted to their spots, staring at each other. None of them took the initiative to walk closer to the other person. At the moment, time seemed to have stood still, and both their watches and the clock on the wall stopped ticking. They could see no one else other than each other. 
A doctor in a white cot came out of the ER while taking off his mask. 
“Who is the family of Leslie?” 
“It’s me!” Joan and Larry answered in unison. 
They glanced at one another before Larry stepped forward to sign the document. 
“The child is suffering from acute gastroenteritis. But don’t worry, this illness is rather common among children. It can be caused by the child’s eating habits, the amount of nutrients he received when he
was in his mother’s womb, and genetic inheritance. Once it’s been triggered, it’s impossible for the child to be completely healed of this illness. However, it’ll be under control as long as you pay attention to his diet and take good care of him.” 
Afterward, the doctor made some arrangements regarding his hospitalization before he waved at them and said, “Don’t worry, he’ll be discharged tomorrow morning.” 
Initially, Finnick wanted to stay back to visit his grandchild, but Vivian shot him a look, hinting at him to give the young couple some space. Later, the two left hurriedly, using the excuse that they were going to pay for the admission and leaving Larry and Joan alone. 
“You…” 
Unexpectedly, they spoke at the same time again. The two broke into a fit of giggles, though none of them knew why they were laughing. Perhaps that was the thoughtfulness they both had after going through such a conflict and the tacit understanding between a husband and a wife. 
“You go first,” Larry said. 
Joan did as he asked. “Are you still going to question me about my relationship with Dustin?” 
Without hesitation, the man shook his head. 
“Why?” 
Right after asking that, she couldn’t help but laugh with amusement. The woman added, “I shouldn’t ask you why. I’ve been in deep contemplation over the past few days. If we’re really going to stay together for a lifetime, we have to overcome all our incompatibilities, distrust, and misunderstandings. My mindset, beliefs, values and perspectives must be in line with yours.”
“These thoughts have been running through my head these few days as well. When that incident happened, I kept questioning your fidelity. However, after I simmered down, I realized I should ask myself whether I trust you and agree with your viewpoint, instead of demanding a satisfying explanation from you. So what if I get it? I should believe in you even without an explanation from you.” 
“Trust is crucial in a marriage. We should understand, tolerate, and trust each other in all things, big or small. So Mr. Norton, are you willing to trust and tolerate me and face every obstacle coming our way together?” 
During their sacred wedding ceremony, he made a vow to love and cherish her until death did them apart. She had imagined many romantic episodes that they might go through, but she didn’t expect to experience a heart-warming moment under such a circumstance.
###Chapter 1678
Chapter 1678 
“Yes, I will.” 
Instead of saying the usual ‘Yes, I do’, he gave her a firm and definite answer. In Larry’s eyes, having willingness didn’t guarantee that he would do it. Hence, saying ‘I will’ showed that not only was he willing to take up his responsibilities, but he also was going to keep his words. 
The couple was so in sync with one another that Joan understood him right away. Without a second thought, she wrapped her arms around his neck, whispering in his ear, “Larry, I will do the same as well.” 
It had only been a few days, but his hair already appeared disheveled, unlike his usual clean and neat style. There was a whiff of tobacco smell on him. As stubborn as Larry was, it must have been tough for him to change his mentality, despite days of efforts. His trust in her was like a caterpillar that was struggling to break out of its cocoon, and it would soon emerge as a ravishing butterfly. 
As for Joan, she had been running around looking for him, skipping meals and not resting well. The exhaustion caused her to lose weight. Larry’s heart ached at the sight of her slim frame. When he first met her, the man liked pinching her face, teasing her with a smile, “You are so chubby.” Without him realizing, her cute and round face became a pretty, oval-shaped one. 
Early in the next morning, the two went home with Leslie. It was during rush hour when everyone was on the way to work. Much to their surprise, they couldn’t hail a cab in the bustling city. Having no other choice, Joan suggested taking the subway. 
“Why didn’t you drive?” Joan questioned him and plastered on an irritated face.
Larry didn’t style his hair today, and his shirt was slightly crumpled. Holding Leslie, he actually looked a little comical. With an aggrieved expression, the man explained pitifully, “If I had driven my car, Caspian could’ve quickly tracked me down using my car registration number. There’s no way I would let you guys find me so easily.” 
His words wiped the smile off Joan’s face. He nudged her with his elbow and asked in a low voice, ”Is there anything wrong with Caspian?” 
“When I couldn’t find you that day, I went to Caspian’s place to find out your whereabouts. However, no matter how I knocked and shouted at the door, he and Nancy just refused to let me in. I guess they must have misunderstood me.” 
A look of realization crossed his face. “Oh, right. Speaking of misunderstanding, you owe me an explanation. Why have photos of you going out with Dustin been taken? Someone even sent them to me.” 
Joan was baffled. “What photos are you talking about? What did you see?” 
Letting out a snort arrogantly, Larry ignored her and marched toward the subway station with Leslie in his arms. The woman swiftly kept up with him and grabbed his arm. “Okay, okay, I remember now. Dustin saw that I hadn’t eaten for a few days, so he invited me to his house for a meal. Then, we went grocery shopping together. You said someone sent you those photos, but I don’t get it. What’s so interesting about buying groceries? Why did the person send them to you?” 
“He did that just so I would blame you, and that would drive a wedge between you and me.” Larry reached out to poke the tip of Joan’s nose gently. “Silly girl.” 
“Who is that? How could he ruin our relationship for fun and create misunderstandings between us?” Joan said furiously. I’m going to punch that person if I ever see him face to face.
Nonetheless, she became dejected the second she thought of Caspian again. “But why did Caspian ignore me? And Nancy too! I still can’t believe that they shut me out. Aren’t friends supposed to talk it out whenever they misunderstand each other? Yet, they didn’t even give me a chance to do any explanation.”
###Chapter 1679
Chapter 1679 
Larry recalled the day he got drunk. It took Caspian and Nancy tremendous efforts to bring him home. Thinking of the misunderstanding between them, he heaved a sigh. “Maybe he just cares too much about me.” The relationship between Larry and Caspian had gone beyond just comrades-in-arms. They were as close as blood-related brothers, cherishing each other with all their hearts. 
She remained silent, adjusting Leslie’s clothes carefully as Larry held the boy in his arms. 
Later, Joan knocked on the door of Caspian’s house the second time. Just like her previous encounter, she was kept out once again. But this time, before Caspian could close the door, Larry stretched his arm and held the door. 
“Are you going to shut me out too?” Larry questioned. 
Caspian shuddered at his question. A few seconds later, he couldn’t help quivering as he said, “Boss, you’re back.” 
Amused, Larry chuckled. “Who else could it be? Or do you think that the one who’s standing right in front of you is a clone?” 
“Boss, since when did you like joking around?” 
Larry let out a cough. “We can’t keep standing here. Why don’t you let us in?” 
Caspian swiftly opened the door. Even so, when Joan was walking in, the way Caspian stared at her was as though he were looking at a disgusting cockroach. 
She could tell that the man was absolutely reluctant.
Even so, the woman still went into his house. 
“Caspian, why isn’t Nancy around today?” 
As soon as she asked, the man rolled his eyes at her. It was obvious that he wasn’t going to answer her question. 
Larry stretched his leg out to kick Caspian’s calf, looking daggers at him. The latter was quick-witted, flashing Joan a flattering grin right away. “She went to her parents’ place today, so she isn’t at home, my dearest Joan.” 
What a hypocrite! Despite his malicious gaze, he still speaks as Larry wants him to. He could have killed me with the look in his eyes. She smiled in embarrassment. 
“Speak properly!” Larry was unwilling to speak harshly to Caspian and Nancy, as he was indebted to them for taking care of him before. But this time, Caspian had jumped to the conclusion too quickly. 
“Boss! Have you forgotten about the photos and what you said at the bar the other day?” Caspian grew agitated suddenly. “Are you going to tell me that those photos have been photoshopped again?” 
Joan clarified hurriedly, “Caspian, stay calm and listen to me. I don’t know where you saw the photos, but I want to tell you that they’re real, not photoshopped…” 
“Then, what else do you have to say? You!” He stood up promptly from the couch, startling Joan and Larry. 
Larry knocked on the glass coffee table with his knuckles. For some reason, the sound made the man appear dignified and imposing all of a sudden. “What are you doing? Sit down!”
Caspian pursed his lips with displeasure, but he still sat down indignantly. “If it’s not true, why would someone send the photos to you anonymously?” 
“Anonymous?” Joan was taken aback. “What anonymous?” 
“Someone named ‘S’ stored the photos he took secretly in an email…” Caspian answered without glancing at her. 
“What? Who’s that freak? I’m going to call the police!” Joan jumped to her feet at once. 
Larry held her arm. “Calm down.” He then turned to look at Caspian. “What’s the big deal about the anonymity? Just check it out now, and his IP address will be exposed.” 
“How could I not think of the IP address? I looked into that much earlier, but this man is so cunning. He sent every photo with a different IP address. I guess he must have altered them. Since he’s done that, we won’t be able to find out his actual IP address.”
###Chapter 1680
Chapter 1680 
“Oh my! What a guileful man!” In utter disbelief, Joan shook her head exasperatedly. 
Holding her hand, Larry caressed the back of her hand with his thumb. Caspian snorted coldly. “But I believe we should never sin if we don’t want to get caught.” 
Just when he was about to say something else, Larry lifted his foot and stepped on the man’s slippers. With a smile on his face Larry said, enunciating every word. “Shut your mouth.” 
Clearing her throat, Joan answered him solemnly. “Caspian, we’ve been friends for years, and our relationship is comparable to that of siblings. If there’s any misunderstanding, we should talk it out, so that the one who is at fault can make things right. But now I don’t even know why you’re mad at me…” 
Right after she spoke, Larry added, “Caspian, you’re usually very cautious. Why don’t you give this incident some thoughts? Why did S send those photos to me on purpose? Don’t you think that the anonymous person has an ulterior motive?” 
Right then, someone opened the door, and a sweet voice sounded, “I’m back! Did you miss…” 
Nancy didn’t expect to see Joan and Larry here. The woman was dumbfounded the moment she saw the couple sitting on the couch. The handbag that she held up in the air dropped onto the floor. 
“Why? Are you shocked to see us again after a few days?” Larry joked. 
Nancy could tell that situation had changed. “No, I’m excited to see you and Joan.” With much enthusiasm, she skipped toward them and held Joan’s arm. “I’m so sorry, Joan. I shouldn’t have treated you that way previously…” The woman gave Caspian a death stare. “It’s all Caspian’s fault. He mistreated Joan.”
In the meantime, Caspian was seething with rage. Larry’s fury was replaced by a smile at the sight of his irritated face. “Alright, let bygones be bygones. Misunderstandings are inevitable between friends. It’s good that we’ve cleared the air. Don’t worry about it. We’re still buddies.” 
“Hmph! Did you hear that? Larry is the best. Oh, by the way, I heard that Leslie was sick and hospitalized last night. How’s he doing now? Was it very serious?” 
Joan recollected herself and replied, “Nothing too serious. It was just acute gastroenteritis. He’ll be fine after some time if we take good care of him.” 
Nancy’s eyes curled into a crescent shape. “Okay. Since we’re on good terms again, I’ll treat all of you to dinner tonight at Paramount Hotel, except him.” She pointed at Caspian while speaking. 
As Joan and Larry exchanged glances, they understood each other and smiled meaningfully in unison. 
Meanwhile, Jory was watching a footage of the surveillance camera at the entrance of Caspian’s place. Closing the laptop in front of him forcefully, he punched the wooden table with his fist. 
When Dustin walked in with two cups of warm tea, Jory was lying on a couch with a pillow over his face. 
“What happened? Why are you so annoyed?” 
He took the pillow away from his face. “I’ve never failed before. Yet, my plan boomerangs, and it actually works out well for them. They had a stroke of luck and escaped it too easily.” 
Dustin took a sip of the warm tea silently. Looking at the man’s calm face, Jory became all worked up. “Aren’t you angry? How can you not lose your cool?”
“What’s the point of getting angry? Rage doesn’t solve any problems. I won’t give up on my loved one, and I believe that God has a plan,” Dustin said impassively. However, he was the only one who felt the raging emotions and indignation within him. 
Glancing at the contact on his phone, he made up his mind to speed things up to reach his goal. On his phone screen was a text from Gabriella. He didn’t even try to hide it.
###Chapter 1681
Chapter 1681 
Mister, I’m today. I’ll ask her out to a café later. After it’s done, I hope you won’t forget our agreement. May our collaboration succeed. Gabriella. 
As he typed away with both hands, a line appeared on his phone screen at one: You may call me S. 
Everything was in his control and was going to unfold just the way he wanted it. The corner of Jory’s lips twitched up in an inconspicuous smile. 
As the night fell, an attractive figure was sitting at a desk. Rubbing her temples, she picked the pen up and continued editing her design draft. For some inexplicable reason, something about this design felt off, yet she couldn’t quite put her finger on it. Lifting her head, Joan glanced at the clock on the wall. 
It was already midnight. The woman breathed a sigh. Because of Larry’s disappearance, she had put her job aside for quite a while. Holding the pen, Joan couldn’t find any hint of inspiration. Even the feel of the pen in her hand felt strange to her. 
Later, Larry tiptoed into the room and placed a glass of milk on the desk. At the same time, Joan was staring blankly at the design draft, as if her soul had left her body. 
“Hey! A penny for your thought?” He waved his hand in front of her eyes. Deliberately, the man plastered a scowl on his face and questioned, “Are you missing another man? Joan, how dare you!” 
His voice broke her out of her reverie. She reached out to slap the back of Larry’s hand. “Yes, I miss my dad.” Looking at his unbelieving face, she replied patiently, “Okay, I’m working on my design.” 
Larry took the paper from the desk and studied it for a few seconds. Pursing his lips, he commented, “You did a great job! The design is impressive. What else do you need to edit?”
She hummed in response. The man leaned his face closer to her. “Do you want me to get someone to make some arrangements to commercialize your design?” 
“Are you kidding me? This design is just half-done. If you commercialize it now, you’ll suffer a great loss.” Joan tried to grab the design draft, which he was holding up. 
He got hold of her wrist, pulling her closer to him. His warm breath was like a soft feather, brushing over her face lightly. “I don’t mind going into bankruptcy for the clothes you designed. If you’re worried about the sales, I’ll be your first customer. Once it’s launched, I’ll buy a hundred pieces and help you set a new trend in fashion.” 
Cupping his face with her hands, she intentionally squished his cheeks, making his dashing face look like a bun. 
“Larry, oh Larry, you used to be so domineering and aloof. Why did you turn into a comedian after running away from home?” 
He reached out to pinch her plump cheeks as well. “Have I turned into a comedian? Besides, I’ve never been domineering and aloof. Could it be that I am…” 
Joan quickly covered his mouth with her hand, forcing a smile. “No, no. You’re the most sensible and assertive man. Thanks for your support. It’s getting late. Why don’t you go to bed?” 
Larry planted a kiss on her palm. His voice sounded rather coquettish. “No, I want you to go to bed together with me.” 
“But my work…” 
Before she could finish talking, Larry cut her off with a passionate kiss. Their slender figures reflected on the French window as the dazzling city lights flickered outside.
Other than the sound of the clock ticking away, the only thing they could hear was their hearts thumping hard. Their heartbeats were loud and clear in this quiet atmosphere.
###Chapter 1682
Chapter 1682 
“It’s been a while since we last met.” Larry whispered into her ear, “Being apart from you makes me feel flurried and insecure… Joan, I’ve missed you so much.” 
Joan rested her face on his shoulder. The smell exuding out of Larry’s body made her feel at ease. “Me too.” 
“Well then… Between your work and me, which one takes precedence over the other?” Larry teased her. 
Joan chuckled and replied, “You.” 
Delighted, Larry put on a smug face and carried Joan onto his shoulders to give her a piggyback ride. “Then, let’s go!” 
The blueprints on Joan’s table fell onto the ground as the two of them passed by. Joan pointed at the blueprints on the ground and yelled, “My blueprints!” 
Larry dropped her off on the bed and covered her with a blanket. He then lay down beside her before uttering, “Who cares about the blueprints? You said so yourself just now that I’m more important, remember? Now, get some rest. Nothing should come before your health. As for the blueprints, you can look at them tomorrow!” 
Joan was left speechless. Larry then gave her a warm and gentle kiss on the forehead before murmuring, “Good night.” 
With Larry sleeping beside her, Joan slept like a baby. It had been so long since she last had a good night sleep.
Larry even exhorted her to take a leave from work beforehand if she couldn’t wake up on time the next morning. He said that he’ll deal with the fine later. 
After hearing that, Joan didn’t even bother setting up the alarm clock for the next morning. 
That being said, her tranquil slumber was still cut off short the next morning. She was woken up by a sudden call. 
“Hello, who’s this?” 
“Joan? Do you realize what time is it now? You’re late for work.” 
“Hello? Who exactly are you? Tell me now or I’ll just hang up the phone…” 
Joan was still in a daze. She couldn’t even hear the person on the phone laughing at her. 
Gabriella raised her tone, “Don’t you dare!” 
Joan instantly sobered up upon hearing Gabriella’s high-pitched voice. “You are…” 
Although she recognized that it was Gabriella’s voice, she refrained from saying her name out loud. It’ll be bad if Larry heard it… 
“It’s me, Gabriella. I assume you’re not coming to work today. Am I right? Or else you wouldn’t have overslept…” 
“Why did you call me?” Joan queried. 
“I want to see you.” 
“What?” Joan was perplexed.
“I said, I want to see you. I’ll be waiting for you at the place we last saw each other.” 
“You what? Hello?” Gabriella hung up the phone before Joan could say anything. Even though she was peeved, Joan abstained herself from saying Gabriella’s name out loud. Meanwhile, Larry, who had just woken up, turned to her and asked, “Who was that?” 
“Ah… That was Nancy. She invited me to have breakfast with her,” Joan lied. 
Fortunately for her, Larry didn’t seem to notice anything amiss as he just went back to sleep. 
Having arrived at the entrance of the café, Joan, who was still yawning, made sure to finish her yawn before going inside to avoid giving the impression that she had just woken up. 
Gabriella was sitting at the same spot as the last time while waiting for her. There was a steaming glass of green tea on Joan’s seat. 
“Why are you so stingy? You ordered a glass of green tea for me while you yourself get to enjoy the luxurious coffee from Illurasia.” Joan placed her purse on the table and sat herself down opposite Gabriella. 
Gabriella intentionally squinted at her before replying, “If I recall correctly, you ordered a glass of hot green tea the last time you were here. But if you want some coffee, I’ll get you one immediately.” 
She then signaled the waiter to come over with a hand gesture. Seeing as such, Joan quickly reached out her hand to deter her from doing so. “No, it’s fine. Thank you for the green tea. So, is there something urgent that you want to talk to me about?”
###Chapter 1683
Chapter 1683 
Anxious, Gabrielle was stirring her coffee over and over again. That being said, she still looked gorgeous as usual. Her purple dress complemented very well with her slender physique. Despite having given birth before, her waist remained thin and slender. Moreover, her lustrous and curly hair further illustrated her charm and beauty. Biting on her lips, Gabriella was pondering on how she should convey her thoughts to Joan. 
The black special device on her palm felt very hot as if it was burning her hand. The vivid memory of Jory looking down at her with contempt was suddenly evoked in her mind. The money that she had worked incessantly for was all that she could think of at the moment. 
Disappointed, she even started ridiculing herself. Gabriella, why can’t you be rational for once. Ever since I started getting jealous of Joan in college, everything went awry because of my precipitous actions. On the bright side though, at least I don’t have to depend on anyone now. I can finally do what I want without being constantly fraught with guilt. 
With that said, what I want to do isn’t anything fancy or extravagant. My only solemn wish is to live a comfortable and unfettered life with my child. 
Having pondered for some time, Gabriella blurted out, “Joan, do you hate me?” 
Joan was caught off guard by her question. Every disaster that had befallen her in the past few years was mostly because of Gabriella. With that said, Joan definitely disliked her, but not to the point where she hated her. This was because Gabriella had already received the punishment due for all the awful things she did. It would be unfair for Joan to still hate her after that. 
“I hated you before,” Joan answered her question tersely. She then added, “But that aversion is slowly fading away now. Seeing as you progressively become more independent and hardworking, I’m quite
relieved. If it weren’t for all those things that happened in the past, you wouldn’t have become who you are today. There was no way you would have taken the first step to make a change in your life.” 
“Truth be told, I’ve hated you ever since you decided to barge into my relationship with Larry. Everything bad that happened to me after that, I would always pin the blame on you. You were very mean to me back then. That being said, when I was in privation, you were the one who helped me out of it. It was ironic, wasn’t it? After that, I tried my best to earn a living by myself and learned to be independent. Now that I’m back on the right path, I can’t help but ask myself, have I been hating on the wrong person all this time?” 
The sweet smell of the coffee from Illurasia went bitter as soon as it reached Gabriella’s tongue. The bitterness reminded her of her life up until now. When she was young, she was revered as the little princess of the Ward family. After she grew up, a lot of people acted amicable toward her to get on her good side. But when her father disowned her, everyone that was so good to her before left her, including her husband. She and her child were forced out of the house and had to eke out a living on the streets. 
“Don’t worry Joan. I’ll unequivocally pay you back the money that I owe you together with the interest. Here…” Gabriella pulled out a card from her purse and placed it in front of Joan. 
Without a second thought, Joan returned the card back to Gabriella. She gave her an obstinate look before responding, “I don’t want it.” 
Miffed, Gabriella swept the card over to Joan again and retorted, “Are you looking down on me, Joan?” 
“This has nothing to do with that. I helped you because I wanted you and your kid to have a roof to live under. I didn’t do it while expecting you to give me my money back together with interest.” Since Gabriella swept the card too hard across the table, the card fell onto Joan’s lap.
###Chapter 1684
Chapter 1684 
Gabriella let out a faint smile and accepted the card back from Joan. “Okay then, if that’s what you want. Remember, it’s not that I don’t want to pay my debt; it’s because you insisted on giving the money to me. I’ll accept your kindness quietly then. By the way, don’t ever bring up my debt again. Consider the green tea in front of you as my payment.” 
Amused, Joan laughed out loud. “Is this some sort of super tea?” 
Unperturbed by Joan’s joke, Gabriella was reminded of her ive—the special device in her left palm. She needed to focus on completing her mission. 
She grabbed her phone that was out of battery which she had prepared beforehand and feigned a sad expression. “I want to call my friend and tell her the good news, but my phone died.” 
She showed the phone to Joan as she said that. Jory only instructed me to get my hands on her phone. Having known Joan so well, this method should work flawlessly. 
As expected, Joan immediately lent her phone over to Gabriella after seeing the dead phone. “Don’t worry, you can use mine.” 
Gabriella gave Joan a polite smile before heading to the bathroom with Joan’s phone. 
In the bathroom, she effortlessly opened the rear casing of Joan’s phone. The black special device in her palm was soaked with her sweat as she was very distressed at the moment. Recalling Joan’s kindness toward her, the overwhelming guilt almost persuaded her to throw away the special device and forget about everything. 
The special device was sucked in once it came into contact with the back of the phone. It seemed like it was magnetized to the phone. After putting the rear casing back on the phone, the phone looked like it
was never tampered with in the first place. 
Gabriella then used Joan’s phone to call a contrived number that she had prepared beforehand and let the call run for two minutes. After seeing the two-minute call appearing on the call logs, the vise that was gripping Gabriella’s chest all day long finally loosened up. 
When Jory handed over the black device to her, he didn’t inform her about the function of the device. That being said, Gabriella didn’t really care as long as she got her money in the end. 
“Here.” Gabriella returned the phone to Joan. 
After finishing the glass of green tea, Joan gazed at Gabriella with her head tilted and queried, “So, what did you friend say?” 
Gabriella faked a smile and replied, “She asked if I’ve courted a rich man. She said that she’ll have to depend on me for goodies later on.” 
Joan put her phone back into her purse. “Well, I should really go now. I’m really late for work. Bye.” 
Before exiting the café, Joan came back to Gabriella. “You’re the one who’s paying right? I’ll forget about your debt after this.” 
Staring at the empty seat in front of her, Gabriella was filled with mixed emotions. She kept telling herself that she had no intention to hurt Joan. But in reality, she did all those bad things behind Joan’s back knowing that it would potentially hurt her. 
Gabriella opened her phone and sent a message to a saved contact named Mr. S. 
“It is done. I’ll meet you later in the afternoon.” 
Mr. S was quick to respond her message. “Okay.”
Glaring at the message sent by Gabriella, Jory, who was assuming the identity of Mr. S, stubbed out his cigarette before sending an email to Larry. 
“I hope you accept my challenge.” 
Three days later, Larry was analyzing an anonymous email that read, ”I hope you accept my challenge.” What’s the meaning of this? Could this be the same person who was sending those sneaky photos? What is he up to now?
###Chapter 1685
Chapter 1685 
“Can I come in?” Joan was knocking on the door. “Would Mr. Norton please let me enter?” 
Larry pinched his forehead and replied, “Half of your head is already inside. Just come in, will you?” 
Joan was wearing a black chiffon skirt, paired with a white T-shirt. Her outfit made her look youthful and energetic. She blinked for a few times before uttering, “What? Are you busy right now?” 
Larry looked tall and slender as he stood up. “My beloved Ms. Watts, what brings you here today?” 
Sitting on the comfortable sofa, Joan was in bliss as the soft cotton fabric of the sofa came into contact with her skin. “I came here because I wanted to see you. Is that not a good enough reason? Do you have time tonight? I’ve booked us a seat at a restaurant…” 
Before Larry could give a response, the notification sound of a new email being received attracted their attention. 
Larry quickly went to check out the new email received on his computer. Curious, Joan got up from the sofa and queried, “Who is it from?” 
“It doesn’t really matter. The email’s not important,” answered Larry. Joan walked toward him and uttered, “Is it a confession from one of your fangirls? Just tell her that you already have a wife!” 
Seeing as Joan was already in front of the computer, Larry dropped the act and showed her the email. “See? It’s just my weekly health report.” 
However, Joan was drawn to another email on the screen. She snatched the mouse from Larry’s hand and opened the email from a sender named Mr. S.
“I hope you accept my challenge? What’s the meaning of this!” 
Larry scratched his head. “I didn’t want you to worry. That’s why I was reticent about this.” 
Joan rubbed his forehead. “Are you daft? We’re a married couple. We face everything together. What’s an email going to do to us?” 
“Mr. S? Is that the same person who took sneaky photos of me before?” 
Larry nodded. “I wonder what his scheme is this time around. That being said, I should thank him for sending your pictures to me. Because of that, we were able to reconcile…” 
Suddenly, the noise of loud footsteps was heard at the door. The secretary was carrying a stack of files as she hurriedly entered the office. 
“Bad news… Mr. Norton.” She was panting heavily. “It’s ok, you should catch your breath first,” said Joan. 
The secretary was still in a panic. “There’s no need. Mr. Norton, a group called the Alpire Group bought over three of our small companies.” 
“Bought over? Our small companies aren’t cheap, you know? They are all outstanding companies. How could they have afforded them?” Larry looked rather confused. 
Glancing at the email sent from Mr. S, Joan seemed to have figured something out. She turned to Larry and saw that he was glaring at the email too. 
“Mr. S?” The two of them uttered in unison. 
“I bet he has something to do with this!” Joan was livid just thinking about him. He tried to obstruct our relationship before this. What is he plotting now? What’s this stupid challenge about? Is he making fun
of us? 
“This might just be his warning. Things will get crazier after this… I must instruct our branches to stay on their guard.” Larry took a deep breath. “I doubt the other branches would be bought over that easily.”
###Chapter 1686
Chapter 1686 
Joan asked, “Is he doing this for money?” 
“It’s obvious that he wants to acquire the branches. But now we’re the prey, and he’s the predator. Things don’t look good for us, especially since we have no idea what he plans to do next.” 
“You can’t even find out the IP address for the new email?” Nancy said as she frowned. She had not expected so many things to happen one after the other recently. It was getting harder and harder for them to move on. 
Lines and lines of alphabets covered the screen on Caspian’s computer. As he tapped on the keyboard, he said, “Yeah, this guy didn’t even leave us an address this time…” 
“Type softly! You’re going to break my computer!” Nancy complained. 
“I’m finding another route to get the IP address of this S person. I’m not trying to boast, but I’m the only one that can solve something this complicated…” 
As Joan played with the little doll on the sofa, she noticed Caspian’s extremely gloomy expression. Those who saw it would certainly unconsciously become fearful. 
“What… What’s wrong? Is there something wrong with the ‘green channel?’“ asked Joan. 
Nancy had on a cocky expression as she said, “Huh, you’ve bragged too much, haven’t you? Who was the one that said he could solve it? Aren’t you embarrassed now?” 
For once, Caspian did not refute Nancy’s words and stared at the computer screen with a dull face. Realizing that the situation was not good, Joan put everything down and hurriedly walked over to Caspian.
“Did it really get blocked?” 
“Huh? Did I seriously get it right?” Nancy instantly got nervous. Despite her harsh words, she still leaned forward into him. 
By then, small beads of sweat had already appeared on Caspian’s forehead. He obviously felt helpless about the matter too. 
Then, noticing that he had not moved in a long time, Joan said, “Caspian, check on Alpire Group.” 
“Alpire Group?” Nancy asked uncertainly. 
“Nancy, you know them?” 
She nodded. “Alpire Group’s a joint venture between a local and foreign company. I’ve seen my dad’s collaboration proposals before. This Alpire Group was on it.” 
Caspian’s eyes lit up. He looked at her and asked, “Does that mean we can get more information about Alpire Group from your dad’s contract?” 
“Of course not!” Nancy’s expression instantly became serious. “Once you sign a contract, it means you have to bear the legal consequences. If you leak confidential information of other companies, you’ll go to jail! Also…” 
Nancy then glanced at Joan and secretly shot her a look. As soon as Joan understood Nancy’s meaning, she instructed Caspian to think of other solutions and hurriedly dragged Nancy away. 
Outside the office, green, lush potted plants lined the corridor. 
Joan checked her surroundings, and when she was certain that the area was empty, she said, “Okay, there’s no one else now. Err… Was there something you wanted to say?”
However, Nancy was a little hesitant. “Actually, we don’t have to avoid everyone. We only have to avoid Caspian…” 
“Caspian? Why? Is it related to him?” asked Joan. 
Nancy shook her head. “No, it’s not…” After a while, she corrected herself. “Uh… Yes, there seems to be…” 
Upon hearing her words, Joan became more anxious. “What exactly is going on? Hurry and tell me. I swear I won’t tell anyone!” 
“Not even Larry!” 
“Okay, I won’t tell him.” 
Hesitantly, Nancy said, “I… I’ll say it then! When you guys mentioned Alpire Group just now, there was something I didn’t say. The Alpire Group’s president’s son was my ex-fiancé.
###Chapter 1687
Chapter 1687 
“Your ex-fiancé?” Joan shouted in surprise. 
Nancy immediately covered her mouth. “Hush! Caspian’s right inside!” 
Joan moved her hand away and continued, “Are you kidding me? Weren’t you and Caspian always together? Why is there suddenly a fiancé?” 
“I swear I have nothing to do with that person! I don’t even know his name!” Nancy denied, then anxiously explained, “Look… He’s my fiancé in name, but I don’t know him at all and haven’t even met him once. This marriage proposal was clearly arranged by my parents and born out of some business deals!” 
“Wait, wait, wait… I’m kind of confused…” Joan’s mind was in a mess. 
Nancy then became even more patient and said, “Let me simplify it. Before I met Caspian, my family had arranged this marriage proposal for me. The man is the son of Alpire Group’s president.” 
She paused, then continued, “You can understand it as an arranged marriage too. It’s just that before both of us even met, our parents had already agreed to the marriage. They wanted to sacrifice our marriage and love for the sake of benefits to both families and businesses. In short, we have to marry someone we don’t know at all.” 
“I’d always thought I was fortunate because I met Caspian before I met him. So just like that, my family broke off the marriage proposal… Ever since then, my family has never cooperated with Alpire Group again.” 
Joan asked, “If that’s the case, isn’t it very clear? You had someone else in your heart, so you rejected the marriage proposal.”
“It is because I rejected the marriage that I later found out that that man minded it a lot and has even threatened to terminate the long-term collaboration between our companies several times… I heard that he’s a very proud person. Come to think about it, a person like him was rejected by someone he’d never met before. Imagine how angry he must have been!” 
Nancy was suddenly worried. “This time, when I heard you guys say that this mysterious S was related to Alpire Group, I suspect that it is that person who wants to retaliate on me because of my rejection back then!” 
“Huh?” Joan was puzzled. If that mysterious S was really trying to get back at Nancy, why did he have to go through Larry? Also, he had previously secretly taken pictures of herself and Dustin so that Larry would misunderstand and be wary of her. 
Is S trying to take down everyone at once? First, it was Larry and me, then, it’s Nancy and Caspian. He’s really crazy. 
“Joan, please don’t tell others what I just told you, especially Caspian. I don’t want him to overthink. If he found out about this, he’ll definitely think that I’m cheating on him.” 
“What are you guys talking about out here? It’s already been so long,” Caspian said as he walked out of the room while crossing his arms. As soon as Nancy noticed him, she tugged on Joan’s sleeve as a reminder not to talk about whatever they had just discussed. Joan secretly signed an “Okay” back to Nancy. 
“Is there a new solution?” 
Caspian shrugged helplessly. “Nope. I’ve tried all the solutions and found that there’s no better choice.” He then snapped his fingers in front of Nancy and asked, “Say, do you guys think that this guy could be an expert hacker?”
Nancy flinched in fright, then forced a smile out. “If he’s really a hacker, isn’t it a little of an overkill to use his talents to only hide one IP address? If he wants to acquire those three branches, it’d be better to hack into the branches’ computer systems. Not only will the internal information he obtains be more accurate, but it’d also be the most damaging for the company.” 
Joan rubbed her forehead and said, “Nancy, you just said that disclosing other companies’ confidential information is punishable by law. If it’s illegal to disclose such information, then hacking into others’ computers is definitely a more serious crime.”
###Chapter 1688
Chapter 1688 
Caspian purposely put on a look of disgust. “Don’t listen to her. Everything else about Nancy is good, except that she always lacks some brains whenever she’s thinking about problems or is trying to do something.” 
Not to be outdone, Nancy quickly stepped forward and used a grappling technique on Caspian, pressing his arm against his back. “Who did you say lacks brains?” 
When one’s wife had a black belt in Taekwondo, even Caspian, who was well-trained in martial arts, had to bow down to her in respect. Rendered immobile by Nancy, he could hear Joan snickering by the side. Thus, he could only repeatedly apologize. “Me, it’s me. I’m the ignorant one and also the one who doesn’t use his brains…” 
“Oh right, that S has already attacked three small companies under Norton Corporation. If he’s aiming for the entire company, he’ll take action soon!” Nancy then let go of her grip on Caspian. 
Joan nodded. “I know. I’ll tell Larry when I get back and get him to increase the security for the internal information of each branch,” she said as she moved to pick up her handbag from the sofa. Just as she stepped out of the room, she turned back and added, “You guys have to strengthen your cybersecurity too…” 
Caspian was confused. “We have to strengthen what? Isn’t S’s goal…” Before he could say the word “Boss,” Nancy suddenly realized something and interrupted him. “It’s better to take precaution anyway. As they say, play it safe. If S’s target is all of Marsingfill’s well-known companies, then my dad’s company may also be invaded!” 
Recognizing that she made sense, Caspian stopped rebutting against Nancy. However, she knew that Joan’s words were actually to remind her that if S’s goal was to avenge the marriage, his next target
would be her family’s company. 
Three branches under Norton Corporation had been acquired by multinational companies. Consequently, their stock prices dropped sharply that day. 
Furthermore, there were endless discussions from everywhere in the stock market. Norton Corporation had always been one of the most stable stocks in the market due to its excellent business model and employee management. The recent acquisition was the first in thirty years for Norton Corporation. 
As a result, Larry was extremely stressed by it. Other than his hatred for the mysterious Mr. S, he was also questioning his own management style. 
Meanwhile, Jory was leisurely leaning back on the sofa with a cup of tea in his hands while watching the news. His smile got wider as he crossed his legs, and his black leather shoes clicked rhythmically in time with the news. 
Gabriella had recently been going to Jory every two or three days. Ever since she attached the black device he gave her onto Joan’s phone, she had often felt uneasy, feeling as though something was about to happen. Although Jory had said that nothing would happen to Joan, Gabriella was still flustered. Thus, she constantly ran over to Jory’s office. 
However, it was an office in name only. In reality, it was just a floor that he had rented in a building. Even though Gabriella had privately collaborated with Jory, he knew everything about her, yet she knew nothing about him, not even his name. 
The first time she went to Jory’s office, she realized that it was nothing compared to the office of a manager working under her father. Compared to the highly-paid, white-collar workers she had met before, Jory’s office was so small that it looked a little pitiful. However, Jory knew how to enjoy life. Even though the place was small, he had decorated it very stylishly.
Every time Gabriella turned up, she would ask Jory the same question. “What exactly is the function of that black device?” 
Jory’s reply was consistent every time. “You don’t need to know. Anyway, it’s already been installed. Even if it had any function, you can’t change anything anymore.”
###Chapter 1689
Chapter 1689 
However, that day, Jory no longer dodged the issue with the same excuse. He stared at the large TV screen, ignoring Gabriella, who was standing to one side. 
Following his gaze, Gabriella’s attention was instantly captured by the words “Norton Corporation.” It was a familiar name that she used to have deep connections with. 
“Three branches of Norton Corporation were acquired by multinational companies, causing its stocks to plummet?” How is it possible that Norton Corporation’s branches were acquired? Norton Corporation enjoyed a good reputation locally, and even foreign companies were trying to secure a collaboration with them. As Gabriella pondered, she did not realize she had just said everything out loud. Jory glanced over at her and could not help but sneer. 
“Don’t be ignorant. Larry’s not a god, so why can’t someone else rule his company?” 
Gabriella took a few steps forward and asked with a trace of doubt on her face, “Is this related to you?” 
Jory looked at her with his eyes full of arrogance. “Is it related to me? What do you think? Do you think that I can acquire those three small companies?” 
“Are you kidding me? Do you think that Norton Corporation’s branches are that easy to acquire? Even if you have a lot of money, Larry won’t turn out this way just because of a small issue like poor management.” 
“Gabriella Ward, do you know why you were so stupid that you got kicked out of the house? Because you can never learn how to think and analyze situations. You’ll never use your brain to think about the problems,” said Jory lightly, purposely angering Gabriella.
As it happens, Gabriella was indeed angered by his words. He was mocking her with her past, yet she did not have anything to use against him. “What are you trying to say? Huh, how am I supposed to believe that you have the ability to acquire Norton Corporation? You’re just someone who only knows how to make cynical remarks about others.” 
She scanned her surroundings and deliberately smiled disdainfully, her eyes full of contempt. “Look at this place. Aren’t you embarrassed to call this your office? Never mind Larry, this doesn’t even compare to a manager’s office in my dad’s company.” 
Jory pressed the switch on the remote control, and the screen then turned black. He rose from the sofa and stood face to face with Gabriella. “Dad? Which one? Landon Ward? Why do I seem to remember that he’d announced to the public that he had severed ties with someone named Gabriella Ward?” 
Jory was not someone who had a mature appearance. If he changed his outfit, he would look like a bright young man. However, the person in front of Gabriella smoked and drank. Although his smile should have looked brilliant, it looked sinister to Gabriella instead. Furthermore, his blunt personality made her feel disgusted. 
“You…” Gabriella was so angered by him that she had forgotten what she wanted to say. 
“Me?” Jory asked, pointing to himself. “Speaking of which, you keep coming here every few days. Don’t tell me you want to get some benefit from me?” 
Gabriella instantly froze, for he had seen through her intentions. Although a part of her purpose in going to Jory’s office was to ask about Joan, the bigger part of it was to get money. 
Whenever Jory took one step forward, Gabriella took a step back. However, she did not notice that there was a chessboard on the ground behind her. Consequently, when her heel stepped on it, Gabriella lost her balance and began to fall.
She did not expect that Jory would grab her and even place his hand on her waist. When he gently pulled her in, Gabriella fell into his arms. 
Her curvy body pressed against his, and the touch of his skin on her wrist made her body heat up. 
Jory’s looks are not that different from Larry’s. That was the only thought that appeared in Gabriella’s mind. However, their auras were very different. Compared to Larry, Jory had an additional air of mystery and arrogance.
###Chapter 1690
Chapter 1690 
If she managed to attract Jory, she and her kids would no longer have to worry about making ends meet ever again. They would probably not enjoy riches, but at least they would have more than enough to get by. 
Since the man was hugging her right then, Gabriella figured that he probably had the same intention. Even though she had given birth, the woman was still confident of her looks and figure. With her alluring aura, she knew that she easily stood out among the crowd. 
Gabriella traced her hands up and down Jory’s arm and rubbed the back of his hand with her fingers gently. She noticed that Jory’s eyes were getting hazier by the second as he stared at her lips which looked even more attractive with her peach lip gloss. 
Even though a lot had changed over the years, the woman’s confidence remained. As she pressed her body tightly against Jory, she was certain that no man would be able to control himself. 
However, seconds later, Jory, who had a natural air of arrogance to him, regained his composure and retracted his hand. At once, he pushed Gabriella away, keeping a distance of one metre between them. 
“Don’t think of using those tactics you used to seduce other men on me. Not all men think only with the lower half of their bodies. Unlike others, I think with my mind,” Jory said as he looked at the woman coldly. 
Gabriella felt extremely awkward that things had not proceeded according to her wishes. In fact, she had not expected herself to touch Jory’s hand. She thought that she was different from before, but it turned out that nothing much had changed. Perhaps, that was just her character. Or maybe, it was because she had suffered enough and desperately wanted her life to improve.
Jory was also surprised at his own restraint. In his younger days, he was unambitious, neglected his schooling and was known to be a womanizer. However, it all changed when a daughter from a rich family rejected his marriage proposal when he was eighteen years old. Consequently, there was a hundred and eighty degree change in his attitude. He stopped fooling around and became more motivated. It was as though he had made conquering the heart of that woman his life goal. 
Marriages of convenience were a common occurrence in the business arena. The coming together of two powerful families would allow ease of cooperation between the families. Both families would also be able to enjoy more resources and prosper together. 
It did not make any sense for two strangers to marry each other. Marriages of convenience were way more impractical than flash marriages. However, that fate fell upon Jory. Even if he was physically repulsed by the woman chosen for him, he would not have any choice but to marry her. 
But of course, Jory, who was eighteen years old then, did not think of it as a bad thing. It was simply to get married. To him, that meant that there would be one more person to entertain him. He was from a rich family and getting married did not mean much to him. As long as he wished, he could always continue hooking up with other women outside. 
However, what he did not expect was that the other family ultimately chose to terminate all cooperation with his family and even rejected his marriage proposal. 
Alpire Group was one of the top corporations in the industry. Furthermore, Jory’s father was a reputable figure in the industry and many of the chairmen from other corporations treated him with due respect. Naturally, many would want to be united with the Synders through marriage. Combining forces with the Alpire Group would greatly boost any company’s status in the market. It was definitely an opportunity that was hard to come by.
Advancing one’s own interests were the priority for most in a capitalist economy. The happiness of their kids was of secondary concern to most businessmen. In their eyes, love was overrated and all marriage partners served the same purpose. Money was always more important. 
However, there was always an exception. When the marriage proposal made by the Alpire Group was rejected, everyone in the company was shocked. The reason given by the other party was that Jory was unaccomplished and often bummed around, which made him incompatible with the daughter of that family. 
That caused Jory’s dad to feel utterly embarrassed. Even Jory himself was incensed. In fact, he had never felt that angry before in his entire life…
###Chapter 1691
Chapter 1691 
Since young, everyone had treated him like a royalty. He was always well-protected and taken care of. No one had dared to comment on his behavior until then. He could hardly believe that such an eligible bachelor like him would be rejected! Besides, the other party was even willing to suffer a loss in reputation as well as huge financial losses just to escape from the marriage, causing Jory to feel utterly humiliated. 
Even though everyone had accepted the fact that the marriage proposal failed, Jory refused to go along with it. In his opinion, it was impossible for any woman to refuse him. Very quickly, he guessed that there was probably someone else that the lady was interested in, otherwise, it didn’t make sense for her to reject him so resolutely. 
Just like what he thought, after Jory insisted that he wouldn’t take no for an answer, the other party had no choice but to tell him that the lady had already fallen for another man. 
After his suspicions were confirmed, Jory felt victorious and behaved smugly in front of his dad. Even though he felt appeased after knowing the real reason, his dad was obviously unhappy. Jabbing a finger at Jory’s face, his dad scolded, “Are you feeling very proud of yourself now? If you continue being a good-for-nothing who bums around, even if she didn’t have someone else in mind, there was still no way she would settle for you!” 
Jory was rendered speechless and could not find any words to defend himself. However, his dad was unstoppable as fury overcame him. “You’re nothing without me! All you know is how to fool around. I just don’t understand how you can even be so full of yourself!” 
Back then when he was eighteen, Jory never took responsibility for any of his poor behavior. After much thought, he still attributed the failure of his marriage proposal entirely to the lady.
Whenever Jory recalled how his dad reprimanded him, his hatred towards that lady would deepen even further. As such, for a few days after he was rejected, he took no action. However, the lady was unable to wait any further as she needed Jory’s cooperation in order to get together with her lover officially. 
Being an intelligent woman, she sent Jory an anonymous email, which managed to pique Jory’s interest. He had interacted with all sorts of women but had yet come across such a petty one who even refused to reveal her identity to him. 
She continued writing him numerous emails, all to which he replied. Even though it wasn’t a lot, but Jory felt that he had gained some valuable information through their brief interactions. 
His most important takeaway was learning that he was actually just a joke to many. If he were not born into a rich family, he would literally be a nobody. 
However, it was difficult for him to understand what she meant by reciprocal true love because he had never experienced it before. Even though he had been in many relationships, he had not truly loved any of those women. However, he accepted the fact that the woman would not be able to see any value in him in his current state. He was aware that perhaps, the reason that she rejected his marriage proposal wasn’t because of another man, but rather, it was because she saw nothing in him that was worthy of her affections. 
In the end, Jory still conceded to her wishes and accepted the situation. At the same time, he started working on himself and had a complete change in attitude. He had changed a lot since then, but one thing remained unchanged and that was his hatred towards that woman. 
He wanted her to know that rejecting him would be the worst decision as well as the greatest regret in her life. Apart from helping Dustin, he had another ive, which was to destroy the Barrymore Group.
Although he was focused on dealing with Larry at the moment, he was fully confident that he would be able to take down the Barrymores as well. Even though Nancy had remained anonymous and did not divulge any of her personal information to him at that time, Jory had still managed to find out her identity. 
“Nancy Barrymore… Just wait and see. I’ll make you regret your decision,” Jory muttered as he leaned back in his seat and closed his eyes while tapping his fingers on the armrest rhythmically. 
“Mr. Norton, another one of our branches got acquired by the Alpire Group this morning,” a male employee reported as he entered Larry’s office in a fluster.
###Chapter 1692
Chapter 1692 
Larry was resting on the sofa and looked pale. He replied weakly, “Got it. I heard you… You may leave now.” 
Just then, Joan walked into the office. When the male employee was about to greet her, she quickly stopped him by waving her hands and gestured for him to keep quiet. 
Even so, Larry, who had folded his arms behind his head, knew that Joan had arrived as he heard her footsteps. 
“Joan, this is already the fourth branch that we lost. I’m too ashamed to face my dad.” 
Joan knew how tortured Larry felt about the acquisition of the company’s branches and had been worrying about him. Upon hearing his words, her heart ached for him even more. 
She immediately stepped forward and held his hand, hoping to give him some warmth. “Don’t say that. We’re already trying our best to salvage the situation. Even though the end result matters, we should also give ourselves credit for the efforts we put in. Larry, don’t be too upset. Although we still haven’t found out who’s the one behind all these and we haven’t found an appropriate measure to tackle the situation yet, I firmly believe that justice will prevail and good always triumphs over evil. As long as we press on, we will be able to see the light at the end of the tunnel. Don’t you agree?” 
Larry pulled Joan into his arms when she finished speaking. He had changed a lot after his previous disappearance. He used to be too perfect. In fact, he was so perfect that he didn’t even seem real to his peers. However, he had become more patient and was willing to listen to others. He would also feel helpless when he encountered problems. “Joan, thanks for staying by my side,” he said.
Putting her arms tightly around the man, Joan replied softly, “Larry, we will face any hardships together. This time around is no different. We will come up with a solution together, alright? Even if we don’t manage to salvage the company in the end, don’t be too upset. Just remember that I’ll always be by your side.” 
No doubt, money was important, but love gave life meaning. Without love, there would always be a void in one’s life. However, one would not be able to survive purely on love alone. One would lead a most fulfilling life with both financial success and meaningful relationships. A life without both would be a wasted life. 
Sometimes one would be caught unaware by problems that suddenly occurred. But wasn’t that how life worked? It would not be a problem if one could prepare for it beforehand. Consequently, the success or failure of one’s life depended mainly on the way problems were handled. 
A couple was supposed to be a team, going through thick and thin together. The strength of a relationship was usually tested during times of hardship. Larry would never forget the encouragement and support Joan gave him during one of the most difficult periods of his life. 
Meanwhile, Dustin walked into Jory’s office and threw a newspaper on his desk. “Did you do this?” he asked nonchalantly. 
Jory took a glance at the newspaper and replied, “Alpire Group… Yup, that’s my family business. Is there an issue?” 
“What’s your purpose for doing this?” Dustin did not bother to beat around the bush. 
“That’s none of your business,” Jory answered curtly. After a second of thought, he corrected himself and said, “Nope, actually, it’s related to you, but only to a small extent.”
Dustin leaned forward and put both hands on Jory’s desk. Looking down at him, he asked, “What are you trying to do?” 
Jory gave a bright smile. Putting one hand behind his head, he replied with an innocent expression, “Don’t worry, I’m not interested in Joan’s design company. That’s just a small company and doesn’t have much value to me. Besides, money isn’t even my ive.” 
Maintaining the same posture, Dustin said, “You must have some guts to attack Larry’s company. I really need to salute you… “ 
“Thank you, I’m so flattered,” Jory clasped his hands together and replied, together with a bow. 
Softening his tone, Dustin asked, “Can you tell me why?” 
Putting on an innocent face, Jory replied, “Do I need to have a reason for everything I do?” Knowing that Dustin was not going to accept that as an answer, Jory had no choice but to continue speaking, “Fine, I will tell you. I’m dealing with Larry for you. I don’t think there’s anything more devastating for him than his company being destroyed.”
###Chapter 1693
Chapter 1693 
“That’s not entirely it.” 
Dustin’s reply was like a hit to Jory’s head. Apart from Nancy, who rejected his marriage proposal back then, the only other person who could always see through his thoughts was Dustin. 
“If it’s just to deal with Larry, you’re really making a mountain out of a molehill. There’s really no need for you to go to such extent. Besides, according to the direction Norton Corporation is developing, it is definitely no simple task to put them in such peril. In fact, more than your reason for doing this, I’m actually more interested in how you managed to do it.” 
Jory shrugged and with one hand on the back of his neck, he replied, “Can you sit down first? I have to strain my neck to look at you.” 
Dustin took his hands off the table and pulled out a chair. With a serious look on his face, he sat down opposite Jory. 
Jory gave an uncanny smile and said, “I got it all planned out.” 
Dustin’s facial muscles relaxed as he let out a sigh. “Forget it. If you don’t feel like sharing, I wouldn’t force you to do it. You must have your own reasons for doing things. Just do as you deem fit. I’m not going to stop you… “ 
“Well, it’s not like you can… “ Jory interrupted him and continued, “We always want what we can’t have. I want to let someone know that she will end up losing everything she has because of a foolish decision she made… “ Jory straightened his collar with an air of pomposity. 
“Oh, I have something to ask you.”
Dustin turned around and replied, “What is it?” 
“Give me the address of Barrymore Group. I want to pay them a visit.” 
When Joan left the previous time she visited, the advice she gave Nancy caused her to feel troubled for the next few days. Norton Corporation had already lost their fourth branch to S. According to her calculations, the Norton Corporation must have already lost close to 80 million. 
The more she thought about it, the more she suspected that S was the man whom she rejected years ago. Fear crept up in her as she grew increasingly worried that Barrymore Group would be Alpire Group’s next target. Nancy grew more restless as her mind ran wild. She wanted to station herself at the company so that she could keep track of any unusual movements. 
When she woke up, it was already 9 a.m.. As she saw sunshine permeating the room through the windows, she suddenly realized that she was late. 
People tended to be more paranoid when in a state of fear. Sometimes, one might even feel that danger was just seconds away. Usually, Nancy would pose in front of her full-length mirror and make sure that she looked impeccable before heading out. However, that day, she simply grabbed a random blouse and went out without even checking herself out in the mirror. 
As she was in such a rush, the woman had almost sped past the red light. As if she was experiencing a series of unfortunate events, her car suddenly broke down. 
What made it worse was that it broke down on a narrow side road, resulting in a traffic jam behind her. Fortunately, there were not many cars which took that route. Nancy quickly got out of the car to check on the cause of the breakdown. 
Jory had already spotted the red Bentley stopping in front of him from a distance away. As such, he intentionally slowed down, thinking that the car would be driven off by the time he got closer. However,
that red car remained stationary. 
A good dog does not block the road. What on Earth is the driver doing? Besides, Jory was on a mission to look for someone. Has the driver simply parked the car here and left? Jory poked his head out of the car window. With one arm outside the window, he looked at the car in front and noticed that the driver didn’t seem to be inside the car. 
“Did the driver really treat this road as his parking lot? Where did he go to after leaving the car here?” 
Jory got out of his car to check out the situation in front and realized that there was indeed no one in that car! 
Just when he was worrying about how to get through, a petite figure popped out from underneath the car and was looking up at him. 
“What are you doing?” The both of them asked at the same time. 
“I asked you first,” Nancy insisted. 
Not to be outdone, Jory replied, “Well, I think I was the one who asked you first.”
###Chapter 1694
Chapter 1694 
Nancy snorted disdainfully, “Huh! How dare you confront me being a car thief!” 
“Car thief?” Jory stared at her in incredulity, pointing at himself with his eyes widened. “Are you kidding me? I drove here!” He then pouted his lip, gesturing her toward his car behind. 
After glancing at his car, Nancy shot him a disdainful look. “Well, my car is far more expensive than yours!” 
Unfortunately, Jory could not refute her statement. Huh! Though I drive an ordinary car, it doesn’t mean I’m poor. I’m just trying to keep a low profile! Being the heir to Alpire Group, I can afford any car that I want. I don’t lack money or cars! 
“Then, why did you park your extremely expensive car here? Huh! Don’t block the path like a dog!” When it came to insulting, Jory was invincible. 
Indeed, Nancy burned with anger, and her voice raised an octave. “Are you calling me a dog? How dare you insult me!” 
However, Jory appeared calm and nonchalant, looking at her with his eyebrows raised. “This is not an insult! Isn’t it a fact?” 
Staring at his annoying face, Nancy gave a roar of rage. “You bas*ard!” 
In fact, Jory was immune to her scolding and enjoyed seeing her aggrieved face flushing in rage. 
“Yeah, I’m a bas*ard! So what? Let me tell you, today I’m going to pass through here anyway!” He patted his car hood and leaned against it.
No way! I won’t let him pass through here even if there is nothing wrong with my car, not to mention that my car has broken down! 
Nancy held her head up slightly with her nose angled upward. Though she was petite, she was not afraid at all. Since she was young, her father told her to uphold justice. Therefore, she would definitely not give in to a car thief. He’s a man—so what? If they really got into a fight, she could easily defeat him as she had a black-belt in Taekwondo. 
“Since you’re so capable, why don’t you reverse your car all the way from here?” 
Jory turned to look at the road behind. It was at least three or four hundred meters away. If I reverse my car for that distance and a car suddenly comes from behind, I’ll definitely get scolded! 
“Why should I reverse my car? Don’t you drive a prestigious Bentley? Then, get into your car and drive off!” 
Immediately, her anger spiked. “Who do you think you are? Why should I follow your instruction?” 
After Nancy finished her words, she opened the car door and got into her car. She then slammed the door. Meanwhile, all the car windows were shut, and there was no way that Jory could talk to her anymore. 
“Hey…” He heard a car door slam before he could respond. Damn it! I’ve never seen such a willful woman! She is so domineering that she has blocked the entire road without giving others a chance to pass through just because she loathes me! 
Oh Gosh! She even locked the doors and windows, trying to ignore me! Do you really think you’re a princess that you expect me to kneel and beg you to drive off so that I can pass through? 
Dream on! I’ve never been afraid of anyone! You’ve got to be kidding if you think I’ll give in to you!
In the end, both of them sat in the driver’s seat of their respective car and remained silent, challenging each other to see who could sit still for a longer period. 
Nancy was not afraid at all as she had learned to be patient through practicing Taekwondo. On the contrary, Jory would soon get bored by sitting in the car after a while since he had gotten rid of the habit of hanging around and doing sweet nothing. 
Initially, he wanted to visit Barrymore Group to meet their heiress, who refused to marry him. However, he was blocked by a willful, arrogant, and domineering woman on his way unexpectedly.
###Chapter 1695
Chapter 1695 
At first, Jory was sitting calmly in the car. Soon, he realized the signal was poor and the connection was very slow. With that, he could barely sit in the car any longer since he could not browse the internet, and there was no broadcasting on the radio. 
With a serious look, Jory then googled “what should I do if a domineering woman blocked the road.” Unfortunately, the browser failed to display any search results due to the slow data connection. 
He felt a flash of irritation and tossed his phone onto the passenger seat. After pondering for a moment, Jory got out of his car and approached Nancy. 
In the beginning, he knocked on her car window patiently, but after seeing her grumpy face, he stopped behaving like a gentleman. Instead, he slapped the car window forcefully. 
It seemed like Jory knew Nancy held her car dearly. When she saw his reddened palm hitting the car window, she was afraid that he would break the window. 
At last, Nancy had no choice but to lower the window slightly. They were separated by the glass. He thought it was going to be easy, huh? In the end, he couldn’t sit still! Staring at Jory’s anxious look, she said faintly, “What’s wrong? Can’t you sit still?” 
In fact, he had run out of patience with her. “What exactly do you want? Can’t you just drive off?” 
Nancy replied without hesitation, “I can drive off, but you have to beg me!” 
Jory was direct and frank, so he immediately responded, “I beg you to drive off, please!” 
Much to her surprise, he begged her frankly. Oh Gosh! I simply said it and didn’t expect him to do so! Now that he has begged me, how am I going to handle this? After all, her car broke down, and she
could not fix it by herself. 
Nancy remained silent and purposely turned away. She then stared blankly at the steering. 
“Hey, are you going back on your word? Why don’t you drive off? How dare you break your promise!” Jory questioned her. 
He stretched Nancy’s patience to the limit, and she struggled to choke back her anger. “I want to drive off, but my car has broken down! Why don’t you try to drive it off?” 
Right away, Jory’s face broke into a wry smile. “What? Your car has broken down?” 
How dare you scoff at me! I curse that your car breaks down whenever you drive! 
“Haven’t you seen a car breakdown before? What’s with the surprise?” 
Jory could barely conceal his amusement. “Of course, I’ve seen it before, but I’ve never seen a car breakdown on such a narrow road. Huhu! Didn’t you foresee this coming?” 
Nancy tamped down her anger. “If I’ve foreseen it, why would I be stuck in this place and run into you?” 
“Yeah, right! Running into me is very unlucky, and it’s even worse than a car breakdown! I thought I ran into an arrogant and savage woman. Yet, I’ve run into someone who is unfamiliar with her car! Oh well, I’d better get into my car and take a nap! Maybe your car would have been towed away by the time I wake up!” 
“Tow…” Nancy’s lips twitched. Towing may be more troublesome than calling the mechanic to come over. Besides, if they accidentally damage my car, I’ll be extremely depressed! 
Thinking of asking Jory for help, she had no choice but to smile at him shamelessly. “Do you know how to fix the car? After all, it won’t block your way if you can fix it!”
Surprisingly, he insulted her instead of lending her a hand. “You must have bought your driver’s license! Don’t you know the emergency breakdown procedure?” 
Her face peered out with an innocent smile. “Oh well, my memory is poor!” Screw him! How I wish I could kick his ass.
###Chapter 1696
Chapter 1696 
Finally, Nancy opened the car door and let Jory take a look at her car. He was so capable that he found the cause of the breakdown after a while. 
Jory got up and dusted the dirt off his hands. “The valve spring is broken. Didn’t you notice the symptoms when you drove it earlier? You’re really impressive!” 
“Alright, stop making sarcastic remarks! Is there any way to fix it?” Nancy shook him by the shoulder. 
“Yes!” Jory nodded. 
“How?” Nancy’s eyes sparkled with anticipation. 
“Well, the easiest way is to change a car!” He burst out laughing. 
Nancy rebuked, “Are you buying a car for me? Stop talking nonsense! Can’t you think seriously?” 
Jory rolled up his sleeves. “Since you joked with me, why can’t I tease you?” Despite being mischievous, he still stepped forward and helped her to reinstall the broken valve spring in reverse. He used his fair fingers to install the small valve spring carefully and perfectly. 
The ray of sunlight shone on his handsome face, making him look like a charming prince who came to her rescue. 
Nancy subconsciously shifted her gaze from his hand to his face. Actually, he is not that annoying. Though he keeps making sarcastic remarks and trying to irritate me purposely, he still lends a hand to me in the end.
Indeed, Nancy was staring at Jory in amazement. It was until he waved his hand before her eyes that she came to her senses. In the blink of an eye, the serious and mature appearance a moment ago seemed to be her illusion when the man before her reverted to his mischievous and playful personality. 
“Are you looking at me?” 
Nancy immediately denied, “Nope! Don’t talk nonsense. I’m just looking at the valve spring!” 
Jory said with a playful smile, “What a lame excuse! I’ve already installed the valve spring.” 
“Really? When? Why didn’t I see it?” Nancy suddenly behaved like a little foolish girl. 
While pointing at himself, a sly glint came to his eye then, as if he was about to say something mischievous. “I’ve installed it long ago! You didn’t see it because… you were staring at me!” 
What Jory said hit the nail on the head, so Nancy immediately pushed him away. “No! Don’t overthink. You are so full of yourself!” She then turned the car key and started the car engine. 
He leaned forward and put his hand on the car window. “Hey! I’ve helped you. Are you going to leave without saying a word of appreciation?” 
Nancy’s car started to move forward. Instead of looking at Jory, she looked straight ahead. With a smile on her face, she said stubbornly, “You’re helping yourself instead! You can pass through after I drive off!” 
“But…” Jory watched her car moving forward slowly and shook his head helplessly. 
“Thank you!” Her sweet and energetic voice was transmitted to his ears. 
Well, she isn’t that arrogant and unreasonable!
Meanwhile, Caspian was studying the information of the four branches acquired by Alpire Group. He had been staying late at the office for the past few days. Still, he could not find any clues from the piles of papers on his desk. In the end, Larry called and informed him that the leakage of internal information had resulted in the disclosure of their company’s confidential document. 
“I suspect the employee who is leaving for our competitor did this!” Caspian rubbed his chin, pondering over it. 
Larry took a sip of water and replied calmly, “This is impossible. In terms of salary, our company offers the highest pay among other competitors.” 
“Then, our competitor must have sent over a spy!” Caspian said confidently. 
“But… we don’t have any evidence and can’t identify any suspect!” Larry responded.
###Chapter 1697
Chapter 1697 
Feeling frustrated, Caspian covered his face with those papers. “Argh! What’s going on? Why did the internal information leak out?” 
“Let’s think of a way to meet the directors of Alpire Group!” Immediately, anticipation gleamed in Larry’s eyes as he came up with a firm and decisive plan. “I want to question them why do they keep acquiring our companies!” 
Caspian continued, “I’m wondering too. There are many ways to make a fortune, but why do they choose this way? Aren’t they afraid that they will offend Norton Corporation if the acquisition is unsuccessful? Though we have similar standing, it will jeopardize their future development if they offend us.” 
“So… their target is personal instead of business!” As soon as Larry made such a remark, both of them were shocked. 
After he hung up, he sunk in thought. This assumption is way too terrifying, but the probability of it being the case is very high! 
If Alpire Group really targets one of us, who will that be? 
Meanwhile, Joan had just returned to Nirhaven College. She had never expected the Norton Corporation to encounter such a problem. Luckily, it was summer break, so she could allocate time for herself while having sufficient time to deal with the upcoming problems. 
“Are you going to invite the directors of Alpire Group for dinner tomorrow?” Joan was holding a fork and looking at Larry with her eyes widened.
He put some greens on her plate. While staring at those greens, his heart was filled with hope. “Yeah! They have acquired our branches, and we need to transfer those shares to them, so I think it is necessary for both parties to meet.” 
Larry then dipped the ladle into the casserole and continued, “So far, we’ve only received the acquisition contract, but they haven’t taken the companies’ properties and liquid assets away.” 
“That means they don’t need the money urgently. If I were them, I would have withdrawn the funds and stocks after I acquired the company. Otherwise, I wouldn’t be able to cover the cost of acquisition!” Joan was trying to analyze the situation. 
Upon hearing that, Larry frowned. “Darling, I feel uneasy. I don’t think they are after our money. Do you think they are targeting someone in our company?” 
Joan forced a smile. “Who would dare to offend such a large company knowing that he would end up in deep trouble…” She swallowed a mouthful. Suddenly, something came into her mind, and she looked at Larry with her glazed eyes. “Could you be the target?” 
The next morning, the mellow sunlight passed through the transparent windows and filled the entire room with warmth. Everything was in honeyed tones, beautiful and soothing. The heat of the sun gave the room a cozy lived-in air. There was a large bed occupying almost half of the room. A handsome man was lying on his side with a beautiful woman resting on his left arm, while his right arm was embracing the woman’s slender waist. 
They were partially covered by a soft and fluffy quilt. There was a small figure squeezed between them, exposing half of his head. That was a cute little boy, with curly hair and ruddy lips. He was batting his long and delicate eyelashes, which looked like a butterfly fluttering its wings and shattering the rays of sunlight.
He pouted his lips, snuggling into the woman’s arms. She was half asleep and could feel the touch. Then, her hand habitually pulled the quilt up, and she fell asleep again. The sun shone on the velvet curtain, and the warm light swayed gently, scattering the mottled colors all over the room. 
Larry opened his eyes and saw such a beautiful scene. For a while, everything seemed to ze. Waking up on a sunny morning with you by my side is the best moment in my life. 
Thinking about that, he could not help but chuckle. A beautiful family was indeed a diluent for all troubles. Even though Norton Corporation was in deep trouble, he still felt he was the happiest man in the world every morning.
###Chapter 1698
Chapter 1698 
Perhaps the gods were jealous of his good life too, so they had to make certain arrangements to disrupt his hard-earned peace. The phone vibrated nonstop on his bedside table. Larry reached for it and peeked at the caller ID. Next thing he knew, his weariness disappeared without a trace. He sat up abruptly, removed the covers, and rushed out of the room. 
What’s wrong? Larry’s sudden rise from the bed woke Joan up. She rubbed her eyes, still drowsy. Did Leslie wet the bed again? When Larry re-entered the room, he did not look so good. His wife noticed that his face was wet. Instincts told her something was awry. Joan sat up, pulled the blanket over Leslie, and cautiously climbed out of bed. 
She was getting increasingly distraught with each passing day as surprises kept popping up. The familiar and overwhelming anxiety was eating her. 
A while later she heard Larry speak. He said, as calmly as he could, “Alpire Group has acquired the fifth branch.” 
“Alpire Group”, “acquisition”, “branch”… These terms got thrown about frequently these days. She was becoming sensitive to each of those words and would feel nauseous for no reason. 
The next moment, Larry put on his suit. He stood in front of the mirror fixing his tie. He only needed to get the knot right. He seemed to have lost the leisurely mood he had once upon a time, when he would eagerly make sure his attire was spick and span. 
“I’ll have to convene a board meeting. We have to come up with countermeasures quickly. Up till now, we’ve been too passive.”
In the directors’ conference hall, Larry sat in the main seat, dressed in formal work attire. His face appeared gloomy, as though a large raincloud was hanging over his head. On both sides of the long council table, there were ashen-faced junior executives, calculative shareholders with grayish beards who kept their heads low, as well as assistants who could not stop themselves from sweating profusely as they surveyed the room. 
“I’m sure you all have picked up on the news lately. The ones about Alpire Group acquiring our branches. As we all know, Alpire Group is a company which has never collaborated with us before. So, for it to suddenly be capable of acquiring five of our branches in one go, I’m sure you all want to know how they did it. That is the reason why I call for this board meeting today.” 
“Ah, wasn’t it four branches just yesterday? How did it get to five?” 
The attendees began to whisper and discuss among themselves. 
Larry cleared his throat and, at the same time, tapped on the bronze tabletop. Silence fell on the room once more. He always had a knack for authority and the kind of aura that demanded attention. 
A potbellied senior director voiced out his disdain, “Are you doubting our loyalty, Mr. Norton?” He had been working for Norton Corporation throughout most of his life and had little respect for the young president. 
“I’m not doubting anyone here. You can see for yourself the company’s offer on wage offer and remuneration, how the management has been doing over the years. You can even compare them to other companies in the industry. I won’t be suspicious of anyone for no reason. After all, we live in a society enforced by law. For everything we say and do, there must be evidence to match…” 
Then, Larry’s speech took a turn. “But each of us knows what we did, and each of us knows where we stand. The truth will speak for itself.”
“Hmph,” the senior director scowled. “A gigantic company like Norton Corporation should be more than capable. Even its branches should be able to stand out among the rest. Everyone in the entire corporation is a hard worker. You don’t need to tell me that. Do you want to know what I think? I think Mr. Norton needs to take a closer look at himself!” He put forward a plausible defense. 
Larry snickered under his breath. “Mr. Harley, you’ve dedicated much of your life to the company and I respect that. However, I hope you can be mindful of one fact. Seniority and experience no longer take precedence, and age no longer translates to ability. “ 
Larry turned his gaze away from the older man and raised his voice, “Of course, I have absolute confidence in the financial prowess of our company, but even an ant hole could wreck a mammoth bridge. This time, five of our branches have been acquired. We have to find out which part of the company’s operation is being taken advantage of!”
###Chapter 1699
Chapter 1699 
“So far, after relentless investigation and tracking, we found that all five acquired branches have one thing in common. That is, information has been leaked from the inside. I hope everyone here can consider the issue from this angle. At the same time, we have to enhance the monitoring and supervision of all the information that come and go between various departments, in order to avoid any more leakage. We don’t want it happening again!” 
As soon as he said that, the room became abuzz with chatter again. Larry did not intend to stop them. However, the old man whom Larry referred to as “Mr. Harley” had something more to say, and he went about it loudly, “Mr. Norton, I hope you can also bear this in mind. The board of directors has the power to dismiss a president with poor performance at any time. Norton Corporation has never encountered a crisis as bad as this one since its establishment… until now. I implore Mr. Norton to reflect on his actions. Similarly, we as the directors should also be held accountable for failing to assist you…” The old man gave Larry a sidelong glance. He spoke eloquently, in a gentle tone. 
Under the table, Larry clenched his fists. He would not allow Norton Corporation to fall on his watch. He swore he would not let his father’s hard work go for nothing. 
Additionally, he did not want to disappoint his followers and their expectations of him. He also wanted to prove his point, that age does not translate to ability. 
In the evening, Larry pushed the door open and entered his home. He was knackered with his thoughts fully occupied by the tiring board meeting. 
“You’re finally back.” Joan knew about Norton Corporation’s crisis. She deliberately requested the manager to let her get off work early, so that she could get home before Larry did. 
Larry buried himself in the sofa and accepted Joan’s glass of lemonade.
“You should stop taking coffee, dear. It doesn’t go well with the stress.” Joan sat down beside him and dutifully massaged his shoulders. 
Within a few days, Alpire Group had managed to acquire five of Norton Corporation’s branch companies. She was of the opinion that a huge acquisition project such as this would have required long-term preparation. She had no intention of putting the blame on the company employees, but the information leak did not hinder one from wondering whether there were spies in their midst. 
“Do you have any ideas who’s behind this?” Joan inquired softly. “Now that you’re home, let’s put the problem aside. You have to take care of your health. That’s the capital to move forward. Only then can you build the strength to come up with solutions.” 
“Joan, at the directors’ meeting today, they questioned me. They questioned my abilities, my business methods. They still think that experience is everything…” Larry’s voice was deeper than usual as he complained to his wife. 
Joan gave his hand a tight squeeze. “Don’t take what they say to heart, dear. I believe in you!” 
Larry drank the lemonade in one go. His mouth and teeth were instantly filled with bitterness, just like his mood. But Joan held his hand firmly as she continued to give him the strength he did not know he needed. Her hand always seemed to be able to give him the power to march forward. 
Joan chuckled softly. She leaned over to give Larry a hug and whispered in his ear, “Larry, I’ve told you before. No matter what kind of difficulties we face, I’ll go through them with you, hand in hand. Even if no one else believes you, please know that you have me. I’ll stand by you, forever and always.” 
Forever and always…” Larry slowly held onto her fingers, feeling her cool temperament and sweet sensitivity. Her presence was like peach blossoms in April. Fair, light, and swaying in the wind. Then, her fragrance overwhelmed him and eventually got under his skin.
This woman had always been standing by his side. 
To be able to spend the rest of his life with her, what more could he ask for? 
Jory’s journey to Barrymore Group this time had been smooth-sailing. Unwittingly, he chose the same road he had taken last time, where he had been stopped by a daft, boisterous, egoistic woman and her red Bentley. 
He had his hands on the steering wheel, his fingers tapping on the surface every once in a while. As he came to a red light, he joined the row of cars in forming a neat and orderly line. As he thought about what happened the other day, he actually felt a tinge of indescribable disappointment. Once it popped into his mind, he laughed at himself for quite some time.
###Chapter 1700
Chapter 1700 
Why are you disappointed, Jory? You’re not a masochist, are you? Geez, that’s right. Why am I thinking of that woman? Though, if someone offers me the chance to see her again, I probably won’t say no. 
The letters symbolizing Barrymore Group glared fiercely under the sunlight. Jory locked his car and, with his hand, shielded his eyes from the sun hanging above his head. It was awfully hot that day. Jory entered the building and was greeted by the security guard on duty. The guard respectfully bowed at the man dressed in formal wear despite not knowing who Jory was. 
He found himself in the reception hall of Barrymore Group. The first thing he saw was the large, golden front desk. The sight of it dazzled him only because he had just escaped the sun’s brightness. His eyes had not fully adjusted to the glare. This place made him feel like he had just entered the evil landlord’s lair. 
There were many green potted plants in the area. Most of the staff in the company tended to work their eyes intensively, so green plants could help keep their vision in check. On the leather sofa by the side sat a few important-looking people scrolling on their phones and sipping tea. 
“May I help you, sir?” The receptionist gave him a welcoming smile. 
Jory put up an even more pleasant one. “I’d like to meet the chairman.” 
“I’m afraid an appointment is required in order to meet the chairman, sir. Do you have an appointment?” The receptionist replied politely. 
Jory shook his head, and fished out a name card from his suit pocket. The receptionist turned it over, and then kindly gave him the directions he would need, “The chairman’s office is on the twenty-sixth floor.”
Jory entered the elevator and found the button which would take him to the twenty-sixth floor. He pressed it. The doors of the elevator slowly closed, but then a palm-wide gap stopped it from going all the way. Jory thought that there was a malfunction, so he pressed the “close” button again. As he did so, a piercing scream almost penetrated his eardrums. 
It was a little bit too late when he discovered a slender, fair hand had been crushed between the closing doors. He quickly pressed the other button, prompting the doors to slide open, and the woman outside rushed into the elevator, understandably fuming. 
“I apologize,” he said. 
“Didn’t you see me block the door? Why did you close it anyway?” 
Jory’s heart skipped a beat when he recognized the voice. He turned to face the other occupant in the elevator. She was still rubbing her injured hand. 
“I said, why…” As she shouted, she lifted her head to confront the tall figure next to her, only to find herself looking into Jory’s deep-set eyes. 
“It’s you!” the two of them blurted simultaneously. 
Nancy quickly turned her face away. She chuckled softly. “Well, what do you know? It’s a small world after all.” 
“Sounds more like you owe me one. I helped fix your car, remember?” Jory quipped. 
Before he could finish, Nancy held up her injured hand and waved in front of Jory. It had become visibly red and swollen. “Well, look at what you have done. Does this make us even?”
The conversation hung in the air as silence loomed over them, while the elevator slowly made its way up the building. Jory felt like he would suffocate if he did not say anything. He might not get another chance like this. The woman was heading to the twentieth floor, and they were arriving soon. Just then. Jory did the unthinkable. 
He broke the awkward silence between them. He was not very loud, but the tiny space in the elevator somehow amplified the volume. “Your hand… is it okay?” 
Nancy was obviously taken aback by his sudden question. They had only met each other twice. Unfortunately, he had left her with a bad impression. She thought of him as a generally salty person with a sharp tongue, and yet here he was, “kindly” asking about her injury. For a moment, her hand was the least of her worries. She felt mortified all over. Something was definitely off. 
That was when the elevator decided to stop, for they had reached the twentieth floor. The door opened slowly. Nancy simply straightened her hair and casually snorted at the man, “It’s fine. I’m leaving.”

###Chapter 1701
Chapter 1701 
Jory watched her disappear behind the closing doors. He got even more crestfallen. 
He rubbed his forehead and rearranged his thoughts. I’m meeting a VIP next. C’mon, get your act together! Soon, the doors open again with a ding, and he exited the elevator with steady steps. 
Knock, knock, knock. 
“Come in.” 
Simon Barrymore’s voice, along with its hoarseness and vicissitudes that came with his age, rang from inside. One could actually feel what the old man had been through, even experience a little part of their life, just by listening to the sound of his voice. 
“Mr. Barrymore,” Jory greeted him loudly. 
Simon looked up from his work to acknowledge his guest’s presence. Yet, he was unable to recognize Jory. No one in the Barrymore Group would call him by his last name. Calling him by his title would have sufficed. So who was this strange, young man standing in his office? 
“And you are…” 
Jory tilted his head. “Don’t you remember me?” Simon only looked more confused, so the young man added, “I’m from Alpire Group.” 
It took a while, but eventually Simon managed to pick up the man’s name from the depths of his memory. He stretched out a hand and rose from his seat. “Jory? When have you arrived at Marsingfill?” 
“Not long ago,” Jory responded with a grin.
Simon poured his guest a cup of tea and then, when he saw that Jory was still standing in his office, offered him a seat on the sofa. “Why are you still standing there? Come, come. Have a seat. How’s your father been all these years?” 
A green leaf could be seen floating on the steaming tea. Simon used a tea tray with designs depicting ancient Chanaean culture. Its grid-like weaving method made the simple art of tea sampling much more fulfilling. 
One of Raphael’s paintings, “The School of Athens”, hung on Simon’s wall. It was apparent that the chairman was a great fan of Chanaean culture. 
Jory was so deeply amazed by the ancient Chanaean relics surrounding him that it took him a while to respond to the chairman’s question. “He’s doing fine. I believe business is thriving at Barrymore Group as well?” 
Simon waved his hand. ““No, no. We are no match for Alpire Group’s rapid growth after all. That’s a given.” 
“Mr. Barrymore, I suppose I won’t dally any longer. I come here today with a business proposal,” Jory said, driving his point home. “As you can see, Alpire Group’s development is gradually stabilizing. But, in the process of it all, what we lack is collaboration. And as you know, collaboration between two strong companies is the unchanging rule for survival in this industry. So…” 
Simon interrupted the young man before he could finish. “Jory, listen. As the chairman of Barrymore Group, I am more than happy to know that Alpire Group has chosen us to establish a partnership. But, Jory, since you’ve come to us seeking one, I’m sure you’re also aware of our company’s development so far. Our partners have always been local companies. Barrymore Group has never cooperated with multinational companies. And we don’t plan to start now.”
The corners of Jory’s lips drooped briefly and, when he smiled, he looked defeated. “Mr. Barrymore, that incident happened so long ago. You shouldn’t take it to heart. I have learned to move on, and you ought to let it go too. I’m the only victim after all.” 
Simon looked apologetic. “But, Jory, you have to know, the Barrymores are in your debt because of what happened. While I’m pleased to know that you’ve moved on, that can’t be used as a reason for Barrymore Group to work with a multinational company such as yours. Look, Jory. If you insist on bringing it up, then I’m afraid you’re just wasting your time.” 
The old man was clearly still brooding over the incident many years ago. He claimed that Barrymore Group had never worked with multinational companies. That was obviously an excuse to brush him off. The old man just did not want to get involved with him. He had so many years under his belt, and yet he still bore an immense fear of gossip. 
Since Simon was so frank about it—that collaboration was a no-go—then Jory would not force him, nor would he keep pestering the old man until he changed his mind. After all, Jory knew very well that Alpire Group was currently a lot stronger than before. Besides, he still had a trump card up his sleeves —the bug which Gabriella had installed in Joan’s phone.
###Chapter 1702
Chapter 1702 
One of the reasons for Jory’s visit to Barrymore Group was to discuss collaboration with Simon. Being able to work together with a company of the same class would only reap benefits for Alpire Group. There was no reason for Jory not to give it a go. 
Secondly, Jory came here to try his luck. He wanted to see if he could meet the woman who had rejected him back then. He also wanted to prove to her that he was not the worthless man she thought he was. In fact, he was a capable man of excellence, one who would make her regret her decision! 
Between the two reasons, the second preceded the first. To him, it did not matter whether the business proposal fell through or not. If it did, then it meant good news for Alpire Group and its development; if it did not, it would not incur substantial damage to Alpire Group anyway. 
Since it had come to this, Jory believed he had no more reason to stay. It was a shame, because Simon had made him a good cup of tea, and he had only taken a sip. He would not have the chance to drink again. 
Simon’s mood obviously took a turn for the better now that Jory stopped bothering him about work. He even encouraged Jory to come visit him more often when the young man made to take his leave. 
Of course, Jory was only being polite. After bidding farewell to Simon, accompanied by a smile, Jory placed his hand on the doorknob. He found it strange when he felt the knob shaking when he had barely made a move to turn it. Within half a second, the door of the chairman’s office flung open from the outside. The doorknob which Jory had been holding also sprung out of his hand. 
The person who entered the room had on the professional white-collar outfit of a businesswoman, but it was her face which Jory had a hard time taking his eyes off. They had met before, first on the road a few days prior, and the second time in the elevator, just over half an hour ago.
Difference being, this time she had a document in hand. Earlier, she had been empty-handed. The woman also recognized the guest in the chairman’s office. Both of them bore the same frozen expression as they exchanged looks and locked eyes. Both were equally alarmed by the circumstances that brought them together. You again! 
Simon assumed this was the first time they met. Ever since the engagement was called off, he thought the two would never have the chance to meet. Obviously, fate had other plans. 
Although Simon would rather they remain strangers, it could not be helped that they were currently facing each other. So, Simon bit the bullet and proceeded to make introductions. “Jory, meet my daughter, Nancy.” 
“Nancy, this is Jory, heir to Alpire Group.” 
While Simon was doing that, the other two interpreted it differently. “There you have it. She’s your ex- fiancée, and he’s your ex-fiancé,” was what they heard. 
Although they had met more than once… they had not exactly asked for the other person’s name. As a result, this official introduction turned out to be much more embarrassing than their previous chance encounters. 
Jory was first to extend his hand. After all, he ought to be the gentleman in this situation, especially in front of a lady. Exercising basic courtesy, he said, “Nice to meet you. I’m Jory.” 
Nancy was dumbfounded from the minute she opened the door and found him in her father’s office. Back at the elevator, she had been wondering who he was and what he was doing here. Is he the manager of some other company? Or perhaps one of our major shareholders! He did press the button for the twenty-sixth floor, so he must be here to meet Dad! What a surprise! This man whom I keep walking into happens to be that unlucky playboy I rejected years ago!
Nancy totally loathed the idea of him. She had always hated the kind of underachiever who somehow managed to live vicariously through the hard work of others. 
And, well, he seemed to fit the bill of one of those young, rich heirs who would rather be chasing skirts all day. 
So when she found out that he was her marriage partner, she wanted so badly to call it off. Even if she had not met Caspian then, she would have outright rejected Jory even if she had her head strapped on the guillotine! 
But after the last two encounters, Jory did not seem to the terrible man she had pictured him to be. The man was tough on the outside, soft on the inside, genuinely cared about others, and would actively admit his mistakes. In contrast, it would take a miracle for Nancy to utter an apology.
###Chapter 1703
Chapter 1703 
So you’re Nancy Barrymore! My so-called fiancée who dumped me for no reason! 
That was the only thought that popped into Jory’s head when her name was revealed. However, he did not feel the slightest hint of hatred, which he had originally expected to have when they finally met. In fact, he realized he did not hate her at all. On the contrary, he seemed to have developed an interest in her. 
“What a coincidence! This is the third time we meet, and I finally get to know your name. I’m really sorry for what happened just now. Why don’t I buy you a drink?” Jory took note of her crushed hand from earlier and decided to right his wrong. 
Nancy was thinking along the same lines. “That’s what I was thinking! I’m really sorry for my rude behavior the other day. I haven’t thanked you enough for fixing my car.” 
Simon was startled by their instant friendliness and willingness to buy each other a drink. Do they know each other already? Who has introduced them, and when did it all happen? There was no room for him to think, for the two young people had cheerfully left his office to get some drinks. 
Jory and Nancy had gone to a bar with a rather unique ambience. It was unlike other bars she had seen before, which were mostly smoky, reeked of cigarettes, frequented by men looking for pleasure and women with obscure faces. 
Jory simply ordered two glasses of wine with relatively low alcohol content, and was first to break the stalemate. “I didn’t expect our third meeting to turn out like this. To be honest, you’re quite different from what I imagined.”
Nancy grinned. “Oh, do tell me. What kind of image did you have of me? And how has that perception changed now that we’re formally introduced?” 
Jory looked up at the crystal chandelier, with its sparkling glass crystals, hanging above him. After putting in some thought, he said, “Well, for starters, before I met you, you sounded like the kind of woman who would jump to conclusions about other people despite not knowing them well. When I met you, I thought of you as arrogant and capricious. Now, after meeting you for the third time, you’re actually quite alright. 
“As for why it came to that, I can’t really tell. I guess it’s just a feeling people get after they realize they get to know each other!” Jory added. 
Nancy toyed with the napkin on the table. “Don’t you want to know what I think of you?” 
To her surprise, Jory shook his head. His mouth twitched as he spoke, “I don’t want to know, and I don’t think it’s worth finding out. If I remember correctly, you got married a few years ago, didn’t you?” 
Nancy argued, “So what if I’m married? There’s no law that says a married woman cannot be friends with an unmarried man, is there?” 
“If you ask me, pure friendships do not exist between men and women. In fact, it goes beyond that,” Jory gave a mysterious answer. He just wanted to let her know that he was not promiscuous at all, so that she would doubt her own judgments, especially the ones she had about him back then, all of which turned out to be false. 
Nancy only got more confused, but she had always been straightforward, and that was how she responded. “I used to hear that you’re a run-of-the-mill playboy.”
“And? Has our meeting today changed your opinion of me? As the saying goes, seeing is believing. You should only believe what you see with your own eyes. So, now that you’ve met me, do you think I’m what the rumors say I am?” Jory asked jokingly, but his smile at that time was a bit more restrained than the ones he had on during their previous chance encounters. 
“We’ve only just met for the third time. How should I know what kind of person you really are?” Nancy teased. “Who knows, maybe you’re deliberately putting up an act in order to hide your true nature.” 
When Jory heard that, an odd feeling rose within him. His next comment was dripped with sarcasm. “Then, it seems my performance today wasn’t good enough, for you to think of me that way.” 
Right then, the server brought them the wine they had ordered. Jory held the wine bottle in one hand and a glass in the other. He poured one for himself first, then another for Nancy. Gripping the bottom of the wine glass between his middle and index finger, he proposed a toast, “I’m sorry I rubbed you the wrong way. Allow me to drain my glass first.”
###Chapter 1704
Chapter 1704 
Nancy hesitated. She seldom consumed alcohol, and she had no idea what sort of drunk personality she would exhibit later. She examined the red liquid in the wine glass in front of her, her mind a tangled mess. 
Jory could easily see through her thoughts. He arched his eyebrows at her as he spoke, “Don’t worry, I ordered wine with low alcohol content. Just go ahead and drink.” 
Since he said that, she could not possibly refuse. She proceeded to take a sip of the wine. A spicy and bitter taste instantly exploded in her mouth. Ew, how can anyone drink this stuff? And even be addicted to it! 
“You don’t really drink, do you? Then, we shouldn’t come here next time.” Jory observed the indescribable expression on her face. Her cheekiness had left the building. In its place was dismay. 
Nancy coughed a few times. “Don’t mind me. I’ve always imagined that the next time we meet, we’ll either start a fight or verbal warfare. It’s never crossed my mind that we’ll be here, sitting at a table in a bar, having drinks and a lovely chat.” 
Jory continued to sip on his wine while maintaining a rather elegant posture, like one of those members of nobility in one of those eighteenth-century oil paintings. 
Nancy was not a seasoned drinker, and she had no plans to force herself. Sitting opposite Jory, she simply put down her glass and, resting her chin on her hands, watched him as he drank. 
“By the way, what business do you have with my father? I saw you in the elevator this morning and there’s something I’ve been wanting to ask you…” Nancy began. After careful consideration, she
supposed she should not pass up such a good opportunity to dig up some answers. She might possibly be able to help Joan find out the truth behind the acquisition of Norton Corporation’s branches. 
Jory had his eyes closed as he savored the sensation of alcohol exciting his taste buds. “Ask away.” 
“Why does Alpire Group want to acquire the five branches of Norton Corporation?” Nancy asked as she blinked quizzically at him, keenly anticipating his response. 
“For the money.” Jory had always answered questions in a simple and concise manner. His three-word reply was clear-cut and irrefutable because he had just laid out a bare fact. The fundamental purpose of mergers and acquisitions between companies was, ultimately, money-motivated! 
Those three words completely stumped Nancy. She feigned calmness and took another sip of her drink, only to cover her mouth again as more coughing ensued. 
Jory poured her a glass of plain water from the jug next to him. Between her coughs, it was strenuous for Nancy to express her gratitude. It took some time for her to recover and utter her thanks, however faintly it turned out. 
“Of course, it’s for the money. I didn’t think it was a secret. As I said, a large part of a company’s growth has always been done through the acquisition of other companies and reaping the gains from their stocks in order to keep growing. You should know that, don’t you?” 
Nancy nodded. She understood that acquisitions were performed with a financial motive, but that was not what she was asking at all. In her subconscious mind, she believed that Alpire Group’s repetitive moves to acquire Norton Corporation’s branches were essentially an attempt to gradually destroy the said company. Furthermore, Alpire Group’s greed did not come to an end when profits had been made. Instead, it intensified. Their plans were still being carried out progressively, while Norton Corporation was slowly being devoured by the giant.
Nancy knew the reason for the whole venture had to be beyond monetary gains, but she had no clue how to go about questioning Jory. To him, she was the woman who turned down the engagement and brought him much humiliation. 
If she had been the one who had been divorced, she would probably remember it for the rest of her life and might not forgive the other person. Therefore, she could totally empathize with Jory’s current mood. She could not imagine how much it must have taken for the man to confront her, to let go of the past completely, and to let his guard down around her. 
She held the glass of plain water that Jory had poured for her. The lukewarm temperature was similar to general feeling Jory rubbed off on her—gentle and approachable. But she refused to trust him so easily. She could not be sure if his gentlemanly appearance was a farce he put up just to confuse her. She could not be sure if the person before her was as gentle and elegant as the plain water in the glass, without a trace of danger.
###Chapter 1705
Chapter 1705 
Hurriedly, she made up an excuse and left the bar, leaving Jory there all by himself. He did a lot of thinking. He thought about the past, the present, and the future. He let his imagination roam and his fantasies fly, and somehow he seemed to understand a little bit more why Dustin had been so desperately searching for that person… 
He used to tease Dustin that he got hung up over a woman too easily, that he could never seem to let go of Joan. He often failed to understand why the man would rather reject the many wonderful women around him and continue to waste his efforts on a married woman. 
Love does not discriminate when it comes to time or targets, and it makes matches in no particular order. How can you be sure who you’ll fall in love with in the next second? One could not predict when or how it would happen, just like Jory at the moment. He had no idea that he was starting to develop a different kind of feelings for Nancy. He supposed he might have fallen in love with her, but if someone asked him what love was, he could not come up with a clear answer. 
“What’s up, Caspian? Are you still unable to contact the director of Alpire Group?” 
“I’m afraid not, Boss. I don’t know what’s going on. I’ve searched for all the contact information of almost all the existing corporations, but I can’t find anything on Alpire Group!” Caspian reported. He was extremely anxious, for this was the first time he had ever felt so powerless. His efforts had been in vain. 
On the other side, Larry was getting increasingly worried. “What can we do now? We want to meet them, but we can’t even find their contact number. The branches are being acquired one after another. If this goes on, we’ll eventually go out of business!”
Caspian did not respond. The noise on his side was getting louder and louder, so much so that Larry could barely make out his voice. Larry placed his ears closer to the receiver in desperate need to hear Caspian amid the noise, when the latter suddenly yelled, “Get them out of here!” 
Before Larry could even ask the man whatever was going on, Caspian beat him to it. “Boss, whatever you do, don’t come to the company. I don’t know how the hell they did it but this place has been swarming with journalists for the past few days, especially today. They all want to come into the building to interview you. Boss, you cannot come here! They’ll have you cornered!” 
“Caspian, what’s going on? Why are there suddenly so many journalists?” Larry asked uneasily. 
“I don’t know, boss! There’s a lot more of them today! It’s like they have made a pact to swarm in here! I heavily suspect that they’re acting under someone else’s orders. Whatever you do, do not come here!” 
Despite Caspian’s repeated warnings, Larry believed he had to go see for himself. He was the president of Norton Corporation. He should be shouldering all responsibility, and not be shielded by his staff. He was not a coward. Hence, he must step forward to bear the burden. As the saying goes, with great power comes great responsibility. He understood that much since he took over his father’s company. He thanked Caspian hurriedly over the phone and swiftly made his way to the company. 
Before Larry’s black car could even come to a stop in front of the company’s entrance, the journalists, all of whom had been pestering the front desk manager despite being blocked by the security guard, immediately swarmed towards the president. One by one, they pressed themselves on the car windows like layers of vines. 
They held up microphones representing various TV stations and online shows. Behind them were the camera crew. They clung onto Larry, hungry and desperate for the latest scoop.
“Mr. Norton, can you tell us how your company’s doing lately?” 
“Mr. Norton, can you talk about the underlying causes of the stock volatility?” 
“Mr. Norton! Mr. Norton! What’s your opinion on the rumors that Norton Corporation’s about to be acquired by Alpire Group, the multinational company? “ 
“Mr. Norton, can you take a moment to accept our interview?” 
Their many faces resembled the scary images one would often find in horror stories. They screamed, clamored, and twisted, while Larry struggled to catch his breath. He could not even make out their faces as he could only feel the opening and closing of their mouths. So much mumbling and murmuring rang about his ears, but he could hear nothing else other than the sounds of his own beating heart. Thump! Thump! Thump! It was all so deafening, as if the noise could pierce through his chest at any given moment.
###Chapter 1706
Chapter 1706 
Larry did not have any bodyguard with him, so he had to push through the mob like a lone ranger. He moved through it with much difficulty, listening to the many voices in his ears throwing around the word “interview”. But he took no heed of it all, as he kept muttering to no one in particular, “Excuse me, coming through.” 
Once Larry got out of his car, the ruckus downstairs suddenly got so loud that even Caspian, who was upstairs, noticed the oddity. No way! I just got off the phone with him! I told him not to come! How did he make it here so fast? 
Caspian wanted to take the elevator down, but it took too long and he did not have the patience to wait. He stomped his feet once and decided he might as well use the stairs. He glanced downwards from the stairway and, as expected, spotted Larry’s tall, distinctive figure amid the crowd, surrounded by pesky media representatives and moving very slowly, with no one there to rescue him. 
Caspian clenched his fists. Holding on to the handrails, he sprinted down the stairs, taking two to three steps at a time. When he reached the bottom, Larry barely managed to squeeze into the hall, blocked by a wall of humans. He did not see Caspian, and the latter, who had emerged outside, had lost the patience he once had. 
When the commotion started, he still had the patience to confront the journalists and tell them, “Sorry for the inconvenience, but the president is busy. He will not be accepting interviews, but in time we’ll clarify our situation.” Now, witnessing these journalists and their stubborn refusal to back down, with little care for how other people feel, he decided that the time for niceness was over. He charged over, grabbed hold of a random journalist, and swiftly tossed him aside. 
He was a soldier once. The skill had not completely left him. Since getting married, he had had one too many peaceful days, and never really had the need to practice. Surprisingly, the situation that day gave
him a chance to exercise his muscles. One by one, he lifted the members of the press with ease. It did not matter they were male journalists at six feet tall, or female journalists weighing about a hundred pounds. Caspian picked them up like he was carrying chickens. 
After getting rid of the last journalist who got in his way, Caspian spotted Larry who was trapped with no way out. He rushed to his front and gave the scowling journalists a telling off, “Look, you’re all well- known figures of the media. I’m sure you abide by your professional work ethics. The way you guys block the entrance to our company has greatly impacted our operations. If you still have the minimum level of conscience, please leave before we call the police. We will make an announcement about our company affairs in due time.” 
Caspian’s statement had not completely fallen on deaf ears. Several journalists actually lowered their microphones, but there were still some restless troublemakers who would not take no for an answer. 
“Then, tell us, sir. Why isn’t Mr. Norton, the president, responding to any of this? Why must you stand up for him?” The journalist raised her microphone so high that it almost poked another person in the eye. 
Caspian detested these people and wanted to throw them over his shoulder countless times. Fortunately, he had managed to send Larry into the building before the journalists got them. Otherwise, he feared that they would ask more loaded questions. 
One troublesome journalist was like a stubborn piece of gum. She stepped forward and clung onto Caspian, leaning towards him with her microphone, its logo facing the camera. It was like she needed the audience to know that she represented a weekly online news agency in Marsingfill. 
If it weren’t for the fact that you’re a woman, and I don’t hit women, I would have taken you out moments ago. Gosh, these nosy journalists are even more insufferable than my wife! Those were the thoughts running through Caspian’s mind. He soon realized that the journalists who had previously
lowered their microphones were raising them again. Perhaps the irksome journalist’s question happened to be right up their alley. 
The situation escalated and got physical really fast. Some had resorted to grabbing Caspian by the sleeve, demanding an explanation.
###Chapter 1707
Chapter 1707 
The tugging was the final straw for Caspian. He finally understood why there was always news about celebrities knocking down the camera crew’s gadgets, or agents assaulting journalists and such popping up all over the Internet. In the beginning, he would have pitied the media reps who were just doing their jobs, but at that moment… Well, they probably deserved it. 
He sharply yanked his arm away and almost tore his sleeve. Then, he glared at his surroundings. If this were a movie, there would be raging flames burning behind him. With a growl, the horrible din around him came to a standstill. “It’s my pleasure to stand up for him. So what!” 
Instantly, the mob fell silent. As soon as the words came out, Caspian wanted to bite his tongue. There were so many other ways to say it and he had to use those exact words! If that caused a misunderstanding of any sort, who knows what kind of news articles would show up online the next day? 
He did not want to think about it. He wanted to get away from the mob as quickly as he could, but alas the place was tightly packed. Caspian could not stand it anymore. Lowering his head, he pushed through the stream of journalists, mumbling, “Let me through, let me through.” 
It took a while for him to break out of the crowd. He quickly ran towards the security guard at the entrance and muttered incoherently, “Shut the doors! Don’t let those lunatics in!” 
The security guard stared at him for a second, puzzled, but he knew the man was pretty close to the president. So, he obeyed, and closed the door quickly behind Caspian. 
“Why did you come here? Didn’t I tell you very clearly not to do that?” As soon as Caspian stepped into the office, he darted towards the water dispenser. Arguing with the horde of journalists had gotten him extremely thirsty.
Larry ignored him. He sat in front of the computer, fingers busy tapping away on the keyboard. He brows furrowed tightly, and for a moment everything around him became nothing more than an illusion. 
“Boss, I’m talking to you. Are you angry?” Caspian gulped down a mouthful of water but he talked too fast and almost choked. 
Larry still did not turn his attention to him. Impatiently, Caspian leaned forward to peek at the computer screen. 
Caspian rested one hand on Larry’s desk and the other on the back of his chair. Larry’s computer screen displayed a mixture of languages. Even Caspian, who claimed to be a computer expert, felt dizzy just looking at them. 
“Isn’t this… the exact IP address that belongs to S?” Caspian stared at the familiar string of codes before he realized what they were. This was the IP address that caused him so much confusion and grief back then! Difference being, Caspian found many IP addresses that time, while Larry only managed to find the one and only. 
Larry merely glanced at him, and swiftly turned his attention back to the IP address on the computer screen. 
“My gosh! How did you manage to find that?” Caspian exclaimed as he patted Larry on the shoulder. “Even I couldn’t find it. And I’ve spent hours searching for it. Boss, where did you pick up this skill? “ 
Larry rubbed his chin and totally avoided the question. “Are the journalists gone?” 
“Ah? No, I guess not. I asked the security guard to bar the door and not to let them in. Boss, you haven’t really answered my question yet.”
Larry simply grabbed a fountain pen and scribbled the address on a piece of paper. “This IP address belongs to Alpire Group, not S.” Paying no attention to Caspian’s stunned expression, Larry continued, “Thanks to your reminder, I’ve just realized that this address is the same as one of the many IP addresses we have come across which could be traced to S. 
“I’m just taking a guess. S gave us a warning some time ago. That might indicate that he’s somehow related to Alpire Group, whose target is to acquire us. He may have sent us different photos from different locations, and I’m guessing that one of those might just be Alpire Group.”
###Chapter 1708
Chapter 1708 
Caspian gave him a thumbs up. “Yes! That’s right! If that’s the case, Alpire Group and S are definitely related to each other. Besides, Alpire Group seems to have been plotting to acquire our company for a long time. I don’t think they’re after us for the money.” 
Larry mulled over it for a while before replying, “Exactly, and that was what I worried about the most, but, alas, it’s now confirmed to be true. Anyway, what does S want from us?” 
Meanwhile, Nancy was ordering coffee in a café. Her ears immediately perked up the moment she heard two of the servers gossiping about Norton Corporation. 
“I wonder what’s the relationship between this guy and Mr. Norton.” 
What kind of relationship could they be referring to? Countless questions flashed through Nancy’s mind as she sipped on her coffee, straining her ears to listen more. 
“Yeah, it does look suspicious. Look at him—he is even publicly defending Mr. Norton.” 
As the servers continued to chatter and giggle at their phones, Nancy could not wait to share what she heard with Joan and rushed back to her seat. 
They bumped into each other while on their way to Norton Corporation. Thinking that she had not formally apologized to Joan for locking her out previously, Nancy decided to invite Joan for a coffee together at a café nearby. After all, their previous conflict was not something easy to be resolved. 
“Joan, just now I heard the servers gossiping about Larry’s relationship with another guy. I wonder what’s that about.” Nancy eyed the counter, signaling Joan to look at the servers.
Joan could not help but roll her eyes. What relationship? What guy? Brushing aside the rumor, she told Nancy to pay no mind on the silly tittle-tattle. Just when Joan was about to take a sip on her coffee, Nancy sprang up from her seat, pointing at the phone in her hand. “Oh my God!” 
“Gosh, Nancy, stop being so jumpy. I’ve had enough of stress at the company these few days. My poor little heart can barely take it anymore,” Joan said, patting her chest. 
Nancy continued to stare wide-eyed at her and smiled stiffly, handing her the phone. “Okay, I’ll shut up. Have a look at this yourself.” 
In the video, a group of journalists was swarming a man in the middle. Since this clip was taken by one of the onlookers in the jostling crowd, the whole footage was so shaky that it made Joan dizzy. 
As the clip went on, the crowd got even denser. As such, Joan could not see the face of the man who was surrounded. Nevertheless, she clearly heard the journalists asking questions related to Norton Corporation. Before the clip ended, someone among the crowd shouted, “I don’t care! I’ll help him no matter what!” 
Wait a minute. That’s Caspian’s voice. Turning towards Nancy, she saw her burying her face in her hands as if she was so embarrassed that she could not bring herself to face anyone. 
The short clip immediately spread throughout all entertainment news with the headlines: ‘The Commotion in Front of the Norton Corporation’, ‘Norton Corporation’s Staff Is Gay’, ‘Staff of the Norton Corporation Provokes the Journalists’. At the time of their viewing, the footage had about fifty thousand likes and twenty thousand comments. 
The majority of the comments were about the relationship between Larry and the staff. Joan could not help but sigh at the speed of the news became viral on the internet—probably faster than the speed of a rocket launch. The media is taking the content in this video out of context. It clearly shows that the
man is only trying to get his friend out of a sticky situation. Yet, the media misled the audience into thinking it was something else. 
Joan handed the phone back to Nancy, speechless. Nancy threw her phone into her bag and stepped out of the café with a grim expression, muttering, “I’m going to see him now!” 
After leaving a tip on the table, Joan hurriedly took her bag and trailed behind Nancy to look for the protagonists in the video. Have the words about the company’s crisis spread out? Otherwise, why are those reporters flocking the company?
###Chapter 1709
Chapter 1709 
When Nancy and Joan arrived there, the entrance was not as crowded as the video clip just now, but there were still a few journalists left. Some of them were pestering the security guards while the rest were hanging around, waiting for the people from Norton Corporation to come out. 
As they were about to step inside, one of the journalists recognized Joan as Larry’s wife and yelled about her presence. In an instant, all the others whipped their heads around and looked at her like a pack of hungry wolves before rushing towards her and seizing the opportunity to take all the photos they could. 
Joan immediately realized the incoming trouble. She shielded her face with her arms and picked up her pace, trying her best to pass through the journalists. But whenever she took a step forward, they would block her way and refused to budge. 
Unlike Joan, Nancy could no longer stand the reporters’ questions. I’m not scared of them. I’ve got a black belt in Taekwondo. She then raised her phone in the air and put on a stern face to scare them off. “Get out of our way! I’ll call the police and let you guys be arrested for being a public nuisance.” 
As expected, as soon as they heard the word “police,” most of them quickly lowered their microphones and cameras. Meanwhile, when the others saw their fellow journalists had chickened out, they also gave up on interviewing the two ladies. Indeed, instead of risking their careers to get some shocking news, it was better to let the ladies through. Therefore, they glanced at each other before allowing a path for them. 
Nancy let out a snort deliberately and walked into the building with Joan, leaving the annoying reporters behind.
Before they even reached the office’s door, they could hear Caspian laughing and cheering inside the room, like a kid who was given candy. 
“I bet you’re happy because you know you’ve gone viral on the internet, aren’t you?” Nancy went forward and knocked Caspian on the head. 
Baffled, Caspian had two questions in his mind. Why is Nancy here? And how have I gone viral? He had absolutely no clue. 
Seeing right through his mind, Nancy chucked her phone to him and said, “Look at this.” 
Caspian caught it fluidly and watched the video with Larry, who had leaned closer to the phone out of curiosity. After they finished viewing it, they stared at each other, dumbfounded. 
Caspian’s expression immediately turned livid as if he wanted to burn the phone in front of him with the fire in his widened eyes. “Who the hell filmed this? And what on earth are these nonsense comments? Do they have a death wish? I’m more than happy to end their lives!” 
Judging by Larry’s expression, he was obviously displeased with the video. However, Caspian’s reaction was so amusing that he wanted to laugh out loud. With a stern expression, he said, “How could they spew nonsense? They can be sued for libel.” 
Caspian continued to grumble, “Was I wrong to defend Larry? These people are a bunch of shameless bastards who have nothing better to do in their lives!” 
At that point, Larry suddenly remembered what he and Caspian had discovered just now. Turning his laptop to Joan, he said, “Hey, take a look at what Caspian and I have found regarding the IP address of S.”
Hearing his words, Joan retracted her gaze from Caspian and bent down to look at the laptop screen. “I thought you guys previously said that S sent each of the images using many different IP addresses. What have you guys found this time?” 
Nancy was also curious about their findings and waited patiently for Larry’s explanation. “Do you remember the warning S sent a long time ago? I was thinking if the warning was actually a foreshadowing of Alpire Group’s intention to buy our company and if S and their company were related to each other. So, I checked the IP address of their company, and Caspian then accidentally found that out of the many IP addresses that S used, one of them was exactly the same as the IP address of Alpire Group,” Larry spoke solemnly.
###Chapter 1710
Chapter 1710 
“So, you’re saying that S might be someone from Alpire Group and that there’s a possibility that S had sent one of the images from their company,” Joan replied. 
Caspian shook his finger. “No, it’s not a possibility; it’s a certainty. He must be someone from Alpire, and they must have been plotting to buy our company for a good amount of time.” 
As the three of them continued to discuss the matter, no one noticed that Nancy’s expression was turning grimmer by the minute. Sure enough, it’s Alpire Group who did it. Suddenly, she remembered the guy who quarreled and fought with her on the roadside and hurt her finger in the elevator. 
Oh my, is he the one who did it? But he looks so cheerful and positive. However, if he is really the one, it means he has the upper hand because he knows so much about the Norton Corporation, but none of us knows anything about him. Most importantly, if he is S, the fact that he can acts so casually in front of me, despite his schemes, really makes my blood run cold. 
Nancy gulped anxiously, trying her best to conceal her emotions. What will happen if Caspian found out about our past? Judging by his character, the matter would definitely be spiraled out of control. I would best pretend like I know nothing, then everything would stay as it is. 
Therefore, Nancy opted to zip her lips and remained silent. Who is Jory Synder actually? Now it seems he’s not just an ordinary playboy. Wait, Jory Synder? Synder? S? Could he be the mysterious S we’ve been looking for? 
Although Nancy did not know much about Jory, her gut was telling her that he was not S. So, instead of telling the rest about the conjecture in her mind, she decided that she should go and ask Jory herself if he was S. If he really was S, I’d like to know why he did that! If he wasn’t, then we might become good
friends! I sure hope he isn’t though… No matter what, Nancy hoped that he was not the person who had been sending weird images to Norton Corporation. 
“Nancy? Nancy?” Joan waved her hand in front of her. Crap! I was so lost in my thought that I didn’t realize that she’s been calling me. 
She hastily turned to Joan. “Yes, Joan? Anything?” 
Joan teased, “Did you really get shocked by the news just now?” 
Unable to contain himself, Larry burst into laughter upon hearing that. 
Caspian immediately turned red. 
On the other side, Jory thought he must be out of his mind. Ever since the last time he met Nancy, he had no idea why he would come to the place where they first met every day. There was one time the traffic was so congested that he had the urge to take a shovel and remove all the obstructions in front of him. 
Seeing the then empty road, his heart felt inexplicably empty, and he yearned to have something to fill the vacancy in his heart. Feeling frustrated, he turned his steering wheel and wanted to get out of here as soon as possible. 
Suddenly, he saw a red Bentley passing by and without a second thought, he immediately floored the accelerator and sped down the road. However, the red Bentley was also moving very fast. Hot on its tail, Jory fixed his eyes on the rear of the car for fear of losing sight of it. 
The sound of the honks from the other vehicles grew louder and louder, but he heard none of them and continued to weave through the traffic like a madman, ignoring all the angry glares from the other drivers.
Finally, the red Bentley came to a stop, but Jory was so out of it that he only realized that when he was about to crash into the rear-end of the Bentley. He hit the brakes immediately, lurching forward. After he moved back to his original position, only then did he realize that his forehead and his palms were drenched with sweat. He then opened the door mechanically and stepped out of his car.
###Chapter 1711
Chapter 1711 
Even though the distance between their cars was less than five meters, Jory felt as if he had taken a thousand steps to reach the Bentley. When he finally reached its rear door, the bright red car door was suddenly pushed open by a hand with a rose-gold bracelet, and a pair of black stiletto heels stepped out. It was a woman with a diamond necklace who came out of the car. 
Pointed her finger at Jory, she shouted, “Why are you following me? Do you want me to report you to the police? Why is such a young man like you stalking me?” 
Seeing the fiery red nails inches away from his face, Jory’s heart grew bitter. Did I mistake her for someone else? Why am I looking forward to seeing her? And this was my first time having such a strong desire. So, is the bitterness in my heart now actually the feeling of disappointment? 
With such thought in mind, Jory gave her an icy glance and headed back to his car. However, the woman was relentless and even pulled on his shirt, refusing to let him go. After he got into his car, she put her hands on the bonnet and continued to yell at him, but he simply ignored her and backed up his car, almost hitting her chin implant. 
He had never mistaken anyone for somebody else in his twenty-two years of life. What is happening to me these days? Jory pinched the bridge of his nose. Is it because I didn’t sleep well and keep thinking about her? No, I did not think about her. I should be hating her, not miss her. 
When he was waiting for the traffic lights, he heard his phone vibrating. He glanced at it instinctively and saw it was a notification from his computer system: The system has been invaded. 
He frowned for merely a second and chuckled. “Good job, Larry. You’re even faster than I thought. Seems like you’re not dumb either.”
Then, he turned his steering wheel and headed to Dustin’s office. 
“Your system is hacked already?” Dustin had his back to Jory as he said this. Even without looking at Jory, he knew that it was him just by listening to his footsteps. 
Jory stretched himself out and waved nonchalantly. “Of course not. I’m smarter than that. He only finds out one of my IP addresses, and that was the IP address at my dad’s company. So, my identity is not exposed yet. Besides, I’ve never stayed at my dad’s company for more than five minutes. They won’t know that I’m S.” 
Dustin smiled and heaved a sigh of relief. “Speaking of which, what happened between you and your family?” 
Jory feigned ignorance. “Huh, what do you mean? I don’t know what you’re talking about.” 
“Don’t act like you don’t understand me. You know you can’t hide anything from me when I’m standing right in front of you.” Whenever Dustin asked some serious questions, he always had an uncanny ability to make people squirm under his stare and tell him the truth. 
Jory moved backward uneasily and asked, “Why are you looking at me like that? Have I ever hidden anything from you?” 
“We’ve known each other for so long, Jory. Yes, you’ve never hidden anything from me, but you’ve never told me about your family before as well.” Dustin’s eyes glinted with wisdom. 
Jory still refused to answer his question. Instead, he argued, “You’ve never said anything about your family either.” 
Dustin replied calmly, “If I still have family, I’d definitely share it with you.” There was a trace of sadness on his face.
“Hey, why are we talking about this all of a sudden? Don’t cry in front of me, alright? I don’t know how to comfort other people.” Seeing Dustin rolling his eyes, Jory sighed. “A long time ago, I was supposed to have an arranged marriage with a woman whom I didn’t know her name. In the end, I was rejected and my father hates me after that. So, I’ve never gone back home since then.” 
Dustin curled his index finger and placed it against his lips, pondering. “Who would dare to call off an engagement with you?”
###Chapter 1712
Chapter 1712 
Jory met his gaze. “She rejected me because of how flawed I was then. Don’t tell me you assumed that I was always this impeccable?” 
Boisterous laughter burst from Dustin. “That person must be unlucky. I bet she’ll eat her heart out if she knew how great you turned out to be.” 
“No, it wasn’t just because of my flaws. She rejected me because she has feelings for someone else.” Jory shook his head whilst uttering this. A brief second passed before he voiced his doubt, “Dustin. Should a woman marry someone she likes or a different person who’s impeccable in every regard? What do you think?” 
“You shouldn’t ask me this…” Dustin shifted uncomfortably. He then explained, “You know I won’t say the right answer.” 
Jory snorted bitterly. “That’s true, because we both love someone we can’t have.” 
Then, silence shrouded them. 
Dustin froze momentarily. Once he snapped out of it, he looked over to Jory. “We? You mean—” 
“I saw her again.” 
Jory paused for a brief moment before continuing, “Speaking of which, the first time I met her was like a scene in a movie…” Jory reminisced whilst gazing absent-mindedly into the space. However, Dustin’s patience was wearing thin as he interrupted, “Who is she?” 
Jory coughed and couldn’t bring himself to meet Dustin’s eyes. Seeing this, Dustin questioned further, “Is she related to your plan?”
“Yes, but that’s purely an accident.” Jory grinned as he continued, “Now that she has reappeared in my life and I got to know her better, I’m unsure if I should continue with my plan.” 
He’s not as ordinary as I perceived him to be… Dustin felt puzzled as confused thoughts stirred in his mind. I initially thought I understood the motives behind his plan, but now… I’m not sure anymore. If Jory’s goal is the same as when he started, then I don’t actually know Jory as well as I thought I did. 
Jory suppressed the smile on his face. He had always enjoyed showing off his boisterous smile to others, so it was strange to see him so serious now. Jory confessed, “Ever since she reappeared, I’m no longer sure of my initial motives.” 
“I’m telling you this because we’re friends,” Dustin advised. “It doesn’t matter what you feel for that person. You must understand that she’s married to someone else, and she’s his wife now. But dang, I never would have imagined that you would end up like me…” 
It was as if Dustin saw right through Jory, whose eyes darkened as he abruptly turned to leave. Despite this, Dustin still rubbed salt in his wound. “Remember what I told you.” 
Nancy texted a quick message to Jory before entering the room, then shutting the bronze-painted door. Inside, Simon was typing something on his computer. Nancy paced opposite him and calmly greeted, “Dad.” 
“Excellent timing. I was planning to head over to you if you didn’t come over. Now, I want you to cut all ties with Jory from this point on. He is not someone that should be associated with us, Barrymores. Also, it’s not appropriate for you to visit him frequently.” 
Nancy gave him a baffled look, and her hand clutched tightly onto the handle. “What do you mean by frequently? Did you get someone to stalk me?”
“I’m doing this for your safety. You understand, right, Nancy?” Simon affirmed with unyielding certainty. 
Nancy’s face puckered, trying hard to disguise her disdain from him. “Why must we dissociate ourselves from him? Even if he and I once had a marriage contract and our families almost collaborated, there’s no need to cut off all ties with their family. Why must we pay for your generation’s greed for financial profits?” 
Laughter thundered from Simon. “Nancy, listen to yourself. I almost believed that the person you really like is Jory. I would have never guessed that Caspian is your husband.” 
“You’re changing the topic! Even if Caspian and I are married, what law states that spouses aren’t allowed to associate themselves with the opposite gender?”
###Chapter 1713
Chapter 1713 
“You’re right. There is no law prohibiting mixed-gender associations. However, you can probably guess what the consequences will be if Caspian finds out. As your dad, I would never put you in a difficult position. Everything I do is for your safety and wellbeing—” 
“I know, Dad,” Nancy interrupted. “I’m actually here to ask you about—” 
“About Jory,” he finished her sentence with the same certainty as before. 
Nancy nodded hesitantly. “Yeah, I wanted to ask if our family had any special exchange of interests with Alpire Group.” 
Simon fiddled with the fountain pen in his hand as he nervously responded, “There were many business collaborations back then, but they all ended when you refused to marry Jory. Moreover, I heard that Jory fought with his family over this issue and hasn’t been home for many years since. That is why I hope that you’ll cease contact with him… because there’s no telling how much he hates you and if he’ll end up taking revenge.” 
“I don’t think he hates me…” Nancy murmured with a pout. At this, Simon petted her hair and explained, “People are unpredictable. Can you really believe that a mulish boy, who has magically transformed into a capable man, won’t hold a grudge against us? 
Nancy interjected, “One more thing. I heard about how Alpire Group is acquiring Norton Corporation. It’s clear that Alpire Group is making its first move, but why start with Norton Corporation? If the target is our family, then why not attack us head-on instead of choosing to strike against the almighty Norton Corporation?”
Nancy paused for effect before instinctively continuing with her revelation, “That means that we’re not their target.” 
“You’re still young and inexperienced, Nancy. There are things that you don’t understand,” Simon sighed. He then brought over a teapot and poured a cup of tea for Nancy. “Here, have something to drink.” 
A notification bell suddenly rang from inside her handbag. She opened the zipper and peeked, realizing it was a text from Jory that said: I’m here and am waiting for you. 
Seeing this, Nancy bounced onto her feet and hurriedly bid Simon goodbye. “Dad, I’ve got plans. I’ll be on my way now.” 
Simon’s hand still hung in midair, holding the cup of tea which swayed a little after Nancy had abruptly stood up. “Wait, you haven’t had your drink yet.” 
He hadn’t expected a response from Nancy, nor did he expect her to turn around and snatch the cup in his hands. She then downed the tea in one gulp then returned the cup to him before saying, “I’m off now. Bye, Dad!” 
Simon gawked at the empty cup in his hand. He shook his head affectionately at the thought of how innocent his daughter was. If anyone ever tried to hurt her, he wouldn’t hesitate to employ all of the Barrymore family’s forces to protect her. Jory… if you’re as ambitious as I think you are, then I hope you put a limit on those ambitions of yours. Because if you go after things with force, then you may end up hurting others. 
“Sorry for being late. I was at my dad’s earlier.” Nancy’s hand ran over her fringe, combing them into place.
“Don’t worry about it. The atmosphere here is pleasant, and the service is prompt, so I’m actually enjoying myself whilst waiting,” Jory replied with a humorous tone. 
His heart swelled with joy when he saw Nancy’s message earlier. It was like something had filled up the hole in his heart. He hadn’t felt this child-like happiness in a long time, especially since many in the business realm chased after fame and fortune. The people he had met thus far were often scheming against others whilst under the pretense of caring for them. 
Being around those scheming people had influenced him negatively; he had always felt like he was a man who lived only for the thrill of seeking profit. Being born into an extremely loaded family didn’t help either. He often felt that his life was miserable, even more so after Nancy refused to marry him. 
Sitting before him now was Nancy, whose eyes sparkled. “I have a question for you, but you’ll have to answer honestly.” 
Jory answered amusedly, “Go ahead. I’ll tell you everything I know.” 
“Are you S?” she asked tentatively whilst twiddling her thumbs, subconsciously revealing the overwhelming anxiety and tension inside her.
###Chapter 1714
Chapter 1714 
Jory was certain that no one would trace the letter S to him since he wasn’t acquainted with Larry, let alone Joan. Furthermore, his connection to Joan was one-sided as he knew her, but she didn’t know much about him. Alpire Group had never collaborated with Norton Corporation before this, so nobody really knew of his name. 
Although he had meticulously planned out everything, he neglected that Nancy had known him long ago. Even if they weren’t close, she could easily draw a connection between S and his family name, Synder. Their families had also been business partners for many years, so it was a given that she knew of Alpire Group. To top it off, Jory recently bumped into her on his way to meet Simon, and Larry had figured out Alpire Group’s IP address. Hence, Nancy could easily guess who S was. 
The IP address, Alpire Group, S—Nancy had connected the dots and found that they all led to Jory. She sat before him now, questioning if her guess was right. Jory wasn’t sure what to say. He could have easily avoided her or even ditch today’s meeting if he really hated her. Yet, he couldn’t quite bring himself to leave her. 
For some reason, he couldn’t lie to her face. So he asked instead, “If I asked you to keep it a secret, would you tell anyone?” 
If Jory hadn’t said this, Nancy would have without a doubt told Joan and Larry. However, Jory told her that this secret would be theirs alone. He asked her to keep it between them and not tell anyone else about it. It was as if Nancy fell into a trance, making a mental promise to keep her lips tightly sealed. 
So she nodded almost immediately. Jory stared at her for a moment, taking in the trust and resolution in her eyes before finally letting his guard down. He then nodded back in acceptance.
“But why did you do it?” Nancy felt confused by everything. Jory wasn’t even close with Joan or Larry, and Alpire Group had no existing business relationships with Norton Corporation. It made more sense if Jory was attacking Nancy and the rest of the Barrymore family since she refused his hand in marriage. After all, it was only natural for her family to bear the cost of causing him so much pain. But how did any of this involve Larry’s family? And those pictures. Are they Jory’s doing as well? 
Note: Not sure if the whole thing should be narrative or inner dialogue. 
Unless… he has feelings for Joan and wants to break her and Larry up? 
This speculation popped into Nancy’s mind and startled her. But the more she considered it, the more reasonable her speculation seemed. Nevertheless, the thought of Jory trying to split up Joan and Larry still made her uncomfortable. 
Nancy had mumbled her doubts in front of Jory, who choked on his water and emptied the liquids in his mouth onto the floor. At this, Nancy fished out some tissues from her bag as she frantically apologized, “I’m so sorry, I was just casually blurting out my thoughts. If I misunderstood anything, then please don’t take offense or be mad.” 
“How could I possibly have feelings for some married woman who has also given birth? With a post- pregnancy body? Tsk. Tsk. Forget it,” Jory muttered flusteredly. 
Back then, Jory often expressed his doubts towards Dustin; he never understood why Dustin devoted himself to Joan when there was plenty of other fish in the sea. Dustin could have found any girl that he liked, yet, he remained hung up on Joan. At that moment, Jory realized that he couldn’t comprehend Dustin’s stubborn feelings because he wasn’t experiencing things from Dustin’s perspective. After all, how could anyone truly understand if they haven’t experienced that kind of situation for themselves?
Perhaps it was because men didn’t indulge in gossip as much as women; Dustin seldom brought up the topic of Joan before Jory, despite Jory helping him all this while. Jory now understood that an indifferent man like Dustin would also have moments where he would lose his cool—all of Dustin’s indignation and resentment were sparked by Joan. Jory understood that he and Dustin experienced the same kind of unrequited love—one where they stood no chance of pursuing the ones they loved. 
Doesn’t everyone have equal rights to love? So why are some people destined to never be with the ones they love?
###Chapter 1715
Chapter 1715 
“Why would I like her if I don’t even know who the hell she is?” A creamy magnolia fragrance wafted from the tissues Nancy had given him. He put down the tissue and continued solemnly, “I have, and only ever will, have one marriage contract in this lifetime.” 
This was one of those instances where people blurt out their thoughts without considering the consequences. It happened subconsciously and unexpectedly as people tended to blunder out the thoughts that they had suppressed in their hearts for a long time. 
Jory cringed after the words left his mouth. Did I just indirectly confess to her? He had his fair share of experiences with women, but he had no idea what it meant to confess his feelings. All he knew was that he sounded like he was saying, “I only ever had that one marriage contract with you, and you were the wife that got away from me then.” 
However, Nancy didn’t respond. She was still stunned by the new information that she had discovered: Jory doesn’t like Joan. So what is Jory’s true motive then? The weight behind Jory’s confession had gone completely over her head as she had stopped paying attention to him halfway. 
“I know you have some kind of motive that you won’t tell me, so I won’t bother asking. Just knowing that you’re S is reassuring enough,” Nancy sighed relievingly. 
“How are you so sure that I won’t tell you?” Jory instinctively responded. 
Little did he expect that she would beat him to speaking. She waved her hands at him, signaling him to halt. “No, no, no! Don’t tell me. Because if you do… I won’t be able to keep it a secret!” 
Although she was also born into a powerful and influential family, her heart was much purer than his. She said whatever came to mind in an unapologetic manner which was unlike the way he behaved.
Since young, he had learned to prepare default responses when talking to others for fear of saying the wrong thing and negatively affecting his family’s reputation. 
He initially believed that people who were born into such wealthy families were all like him; they acted friendly but deep down, they were scheming on how to maximize their own interests. 
Not her, though. She was as pure as the driven snow—untrodden and untainted. Then there were also times when she was like a blizzard, cleansing his tarnished soul. 
Nancy propped her head up with her hands and frowned. She questioned her own actions. Did I agree to keep Jory’s secret from the others simply because he asked me to? Or was I not planning to expose his secret in the first place? 
She felt like a horrible person. How could she think of such messed-up things despite already being married to Caspian? Especially since she was the one who insisted on canceling the wedding. I shouldn’t think about my ex like that. Wait, no. Can Jory even be considered an ex? Nancy mentally scolded herself. What am I thinking? I should be grateful that Jory and I don’t know each other well enough to be enemies. Thankfully it’s not as bad as Dad says… 
A hearty laugh erupted from Jory as he saw the massive frown on Nancy’s face. With amusement laced in his voice, he comforted, “Don’t worry about these things anymore. It’ll just make you feel more troubled. Hmm… how about this? Since I made you think of such unhappy thoughts, why don’t I take you somewhere to make it up to you?” 
“Where will you take me?” Nancy asked. 
“It’s a secret!” Jory gave her a cheeky wink before waving the server over. “Check, please!”
Jory’s Volkswagen was parked outside the restaurant. He unlocked the car and opened the door to the front passenger seat. With a mocking tone, he invited Nancy in. “I guess you’ll have to take my cheap car this time around.” 
She hadn’t expected Jory to use that incident against her. A bright red burned onto her cheeks as she said, “Why’d you bring it up? That was because I misunderstood you as being a conceited prick, so obviously, I felt like you needed a good beating to be humbled!” 
Jory drove at a speed that was abnormally fast. It was the kind of speed that people like Nancy, who had just gotten their driver’s license, would never even consider driving at. She reminded him throughout the drive, “S-Slow down! Go slower! I’m literally about to fly out of my seat.”
###Chapter 1716
Chapter 1716 
A radio station was being broadcasted loudly through the car speakers as Jory yelled at her, “How is this fast? This is nowhere near a real race car yet!” 
Nancy mentally screamed as she had a bad feeling. Sure enough, Jory slowed down in the racing track’s parking lot. Her heart dropped. I knew it. I’m doomed. 
Jory pulled out a VIP card and led her into the race track. Amongst the grassy space were red and white lanes with white numbers written in paint. 
Jory leaned onto his race car and placed his right hand on the door. His blue and white car had a uniquely streamlined shape that reminded Nancy of a rocket. That was the first time in her life that she witnessed a real race car up close and personal. 
She couldn’t help but step forward to touch the car’s smooth body. It was clean, and there was not a speck of dust caught on the car’s curves. She could tell that the car was well-loved by its owner. 
Nancy recalled the first time she mocked Jory’s car for being lowly and disreputable. Now she gawked, knowing that her behavior then was short-sighted. Jory flashed a smile at her jaw-dropping expression. “Do you want to hop in? We’re the only ones here today, so I’ll let you experience how fast a race car can go, and I can assure you that it’s very different from your Bentley.” 
Nancy nodded as she accepted the helmet that Jory handed her. Since she barely ever wore a helmet, her hair got tangled and caught uncomfortably in the helmet. She eventually grew frustrated after some time of trying to put it on. Seeing this, Jory cautiously offered, “Why don’t I help you?” 
He approached her side and placed both hands around her head, carefully untangling strands of her long hair from behind her neck. He had always believed that he could have as many women as he
wanted, so he never thought that one day he would so delicately detangle a woman’s hair like this. 
There were many firsts in life, but he strangely felt comfortable being in this situation. 
“That should be it.” His face was extremely close to hers as they locked gazes. Sparks went off like fireworks around them. A gold light gleamed in her eyes while her lashes were slightly curled upwards, like a doll’s. Jory was stunned for a moment as he couldn’t keep his eyes off her. Nancy felt that their closeness was inappropriate and immediately looked away. 
At this, Jory’s face tinted red in embarrassment. He then returned to the driver’s seat and floored the accelerator. The blue and white race car propelled forward like a rocket, taking off swiftly as it left behind a dark trail on the race track. 
“What do you think? Doesn’t the whizz of this speed make you forget about every troubling thought?” Jory roared excitedly. 
“We’ll be fine, right?” Nancy’s eyes shut tightly as she didn’t dare to look outside. The car moved so quickly that the view from their window blurred like a smudged painting. 
This way of releasing stress is unusual, but it’s definitely more effective than hedonistic ways such as drinking and smoking. Regardless, Nancy agreed that releasing stress was truly an important thing in life. At that moment, she felt the wind blowing against the window. She then cracked her eyes open and saw a sea of green, well-trimmed grass outside their speeding car. 
She stole a glance at him but only saw his stoic expression. He was obviously used to driving at such a high speed. Is he stressed out about something? Does a wealthy heir like him have things that bother him too?
Meanwhile, a calmness anchored in Jory’s heart as he felt more at peace than ever. This peace was a feeling that only racing could bring him. Not only that, but he felt liberated from the many years of regret that he felt for the woman sitting beside him now. His mind was finally clear, and he knew that he never hated her at all. Instead, what he felt was the reluctance to let her go. And at that moment, he felt himself falling for her. 
As he thought about what it meant to like someone, he could only answer with how he felt now; it was like being in a car with surroundings that constantly changed, yet all he wanted to do was to keep looking at her. 
The blue and white race car ran lap after lap. It kept going until he felt tired of seeing the same view, then he pressed on the brakes and steadily slowed the car down. 
“You mentioned earlier that I needed a good beating when we first met. So let’s see who’s better at beating the other up between the two of us!” Jory mockingly challenged and raised a fist at her.
###Chapter 1717
Chapter 1717 
Nancy confidently declared, “Well then, you’re going down.” Few people who fought against her were able to win, even Caspian. He was a soldier then, yet even he couldn’t escape from her iron-like grip. 
“Why do you say that?” Jory asked. 
Nancy positioned herself into a standard Taekwondo pose. “Because I’m a black belt.” 
Jory then tapped at the car’s frame as he casually said, “What a coincidence, so am I.” 
At Strength Taekwondo. 
“It’s really a Taekwondo dojo!” Nancy’s eyes widened at the dojo before her as she hadn’t stepped foot into such a place for many years. At first, she thought that Jory was only kidding about sparring. She didn’t think that he would actually bring her here. 
A cunning delight flashed in Jory’s eyes as he intentionally side-eyed her. “What’s wrong? Are you going to chicken out? Too bad, that won’t work on me.” 
Nancy coiled her fists. “Who said anything about quitting? I’m just worried that you might back out at the last minute. You better not cry when I beat you into a pulp.” 
“A man must keep his word. How could I back out and embarrass myself in front of a girl like you?” Jory leaned in to say with both hands at his back. 
At his sudden proximity, Nancy instinctively leaned backward to put some space between them. She retorted, “I hope you don’t regret calling me a little girl once we put on our uniforms. You’ll soon see that I’m a force to be reckoned with.”
Jory clasped his hands together and welcomed her threat. “Alright then, I’ll indulge your attempt since you seem so fired up.” 
Nancy normally had a demeanor that was as sweet as pie. After changing into the uniform, she tied her shoulder-length hair into a tall ponytail. It added height to her otherwise not-so-tall figure and made her seem more handsomely refined like a female warrior. 
Jory, whose appearance usually gave others the impression of being a spoiled dandy, looked more serious when in uniform. Despite that, his disregard for trivial matters was still visible as he hadn’t smoothed out the crease in his collar, which subtly revealed his well-sculpted collarbones. 
The two of them simultaneously tightened the black belts on their waists before they stepped forward and bowed with respect for one another. Jory then motioned for her to make the first move since she was a girl. Allowing women to begin their sparring was a habit that he had practiced ever since he started Taekwondo. 
Even if he allowed Nancy to start, he was absolutely confident that he wouldn’t lose. He only allowed so because he wanted to leave the impression of being an incredible and gentlemanly fighter, regardless of how miserably defeated she would be. 
She mentally scoffed at him. He’s letting me go first? Seriously? Or has he lost his marbles? Is it because I’m a girl? Well, I won’t shy away since he’s letting me. This way, I’ll have a good reason against him when he loses. 
She made the first attack, raising her leg into a swift kick at him. What shocked her was that Jory didn’t dodge her kick. Instead, he boldly raised a hand and blocked her attack without so much as a sweat. 
Nancy anxiously skidded to a halt. What’s wrong with him? I can’t believe he actually used his hand to block my leg. Most people’s arms would snap because the bones on our wrists are much weaker than
other parts of the body. Does Jory think his hand is made of steel? Is he not afraid of breaking a bone? 
While Jory didn’t seem too fazed, he definitely couldn’t ignore the sharp pain that pulsed in his right palm. He couldn’t help but applaud this girl’s strength. If he were to compare her to the teammates that he trained with back then, her kicking power was equivalent to the combined strength of two of his female teammates. 
I shouldn’t have let her go first! All I can do now is pretend like I’m fine. Thank goodness I didn’t use my forearms. Otherwise, I’d probably end up in the hospital for tonight. 
“Is your hand alright?” Nancy lowered her fists and came closer to him. 
Jory massaged his right hand then shrugged it off with the same cocky tone as before, “I didn’t say I was hurt. Go on.” 
Is he planning to let me make three moves? He’s that confident about winning? We’ll see about that. Just you watch, Jory. Nancy repositioned herself into her fighting stance once more, then immediately raced forward. Jory secretly felt awe for her perfect combination of movements. She really is no ordinary person. With such agility and vigor, she’s certainly the best among all black belts.
###Chapter 1718
Chapter 1718 
He had always believed himself to be talented in the sport of Taekwondo, but it turned out that he was not. His advanced level was achieved through long periods of training, whereas people like Nancy were naturally talented. Her effortless movements outshined him and made him seem average. 
He nullified Nancy’s fierce and offensive blows by speedily dodging. However, there was still a stinging pain in his forehead. I must have bruised it by accident. Thankfully, it’s disguised under my hair, so it doesn’t look too bad. 
Nancy secretly exclaimed. He only withstood a heavy impact from her blow earlier that he blocked with his hand. Apart from that, she barely even left a scratch on him. 
This would have been impossible back then; even with Caspian, three moves were enough for her to lock his arm onto his back and bring him down to one knee. Jory had exceeded her expectations completely. 
Seeing him unscathed, she admitted deep down that she had met an equally capable opponent. 
Jory stood behind her. His white uniform swayed ever so slightly as if he were a warrior in a period drama. Delight was evident in his low voice as he said, “My turn.” 
Nancy felt her body move instinctively. A second or two after he finished speaking, she quickly turned and clutched tightly onto his left shoulder. She did this as she moved behind him and tried to capture his right arm. But Jory wasn’t someone who could be caught that easily. Just as Nancy wanted to extend her arm, she realized that she couldn’t because Jory had somehow latched onto her without her knowing.
Jory was terrifyingly strong. All he did was tug on her arm, and she felt like she was already being flipped in the air. She was naturally scrawny and light-weighted, so she felt horrified that he would accidentally toss her away like scum. Thankfully, Jory didn’t use all his strength. All he did was pin her onto the ground. 
Since Jory held his strength back, Nancy took the opportunity to break from his grasp. She hurriedly spun around and began attacking Jory’s back, making him stumble forward. Nancy raised her leg again and aimed for his shoulder. 
Although Jory had his back facing her, he figured out her next move by intuition as well as sensing the shift in the air from her raised leg. He waited patiently for the right moment before spinning on his heels. Hence, he briskly dodged just as Nancy’s left leg came close to him. 
Nancy thought that she had him then and there. She was not expecting him to slip away like that. What the… Does he have eyes in the back of his head? Is he even human? He left her leg swinging in midair before her entire body fell forward, almost landing in a split. Then her left hand immediately pushed against the ground to steady herself. 
Jory, you jerk! Nancy mentally scolded him because he then yanked her left hand, making her collapse fully onto the floor. However, Nancy wasn’t someone who would easily admit defeat. Before she fell, her right hand shot up to Jory’s shoulders and dragged him down with her. 
She lay on the ground whilst he knelt. They stayed in this odd position as they continued their sparring competition. 
The two stubbornly froze like this as both of them refused to let go. It was as if whoever loosened their hold first would become the loser.
After staring each other off for some time, Jory was the first to speak up. “I guess I finally found an opponent who’s on par with me.” 
Nancy chuckled in response, “We’re evenly matched.” 
A strong emotion lingered in their gazes as they looked at each other. It was similar to when they first met; Nancy sat inside her Bentley while Jory leaned into her car window. Back then, the two of them stared each other down with distaste. 
But at that moment, there was something more to their gazes. It was akin to the joy of finding commonalities with a stranger—the kind of happiness where they were each other’s equally matched companion. It was important because every move in Taekwondo was like comparing who knew who better. If the fighter understood his opponent, then he would know what their next move would be. He would know it better than the opponent themselves and could then react accordingly. 
“I wouldn’t have let you go first if I had known that you were so good at this.” Jory straightened out his clothes and re-knotted his belt. 
Meanwhile, Nancy sat cross-legged on the floor. “But I still didn’t get the upper hand, even though you let me make the first move. Plus, you ended up pinning me down…”
###Chapter 1719
Chapter 1719 
Her voice trailed softer. At that, Jory panicked and thought that she was upset. He quickly comforted, “But look! You still managed a firm grip on my arm. I can’t move, see?” 
Nancy patted his shoulder. She spoke earnestly at first before her voice started to bubble jovially, “So that means… I won this sparring match!” 
There was no way Jory would admit defeat before a mere girl, so he swatted off Nancy’s hand from his shoulder. “What do you mean? I was technically the first to pin you down. No matter how you look at it, we’re evenly tied for this match.” 
A wide grin spread across Nancy’s cheeks. She then roared out in laughter, “Just kidding! No need to take my words seriously. You shouldn’t be so petty.” 
Jory pointed at himself in disbelief. “I’m petty? Are you kidding me? If I was petty, then why would I let you start first? How ungrateful!” 
Nancy had already stood up and was holding her clothes. “I’ve gotta admit that I’m impressed. Your ability to react is much faster than mine. But then again, we have to consider that I haven’t practiced in a long time. Also, there’s a natural disparity between men’s and women’s strengths. It just can’t be helped…” 
That last bit sounded like she was reminding herself. However, her words rang true to Jory. He agreed that the difference between men’s and women’s strengths was an important factor in winning sparring matches. Some men packed a powerful punch and weren’t afraid of pain; they could easily stand a couple of blows from a woman, whereas a woman might end up being thrown over the men’s shoulders. In such situations, it didn’t matter how agile or good a woman’s moves were because they wouldn’t even get the chance to show their skills.
This was obviously the way things worked in Taekwondo. Yet, it also seemed applicable to the unspoken rules within the commercial field; it was impossible to defeat the larger companies with big businesses and abundant funds. No matter how hard anyone tried, they could never single-handedly win against those big companies. 
Even if they resorted to dirty tricks to take down those large companies, their efforts would go to waste. This was because those companies were deep-pocketed and quick to recover. 
In such situations, the obvious plan of action was to attack the enemy from its roots. Just like if an extremely powerful Taekwondo athlete suffers from acute gastroenteritis before a match, then all his strength would be pointless in a game. 
When Jory first faced the powerful and established Norton Corporation, he knew better than to attack them head-on. This was not only because it would lead to destructive results, but Alpire Group would also be adversely affected. Alpire Group would have a difficult time operating in the business realm should his attack fail. 
Hence, he subtly used computer systems—something he was most familiar with—to find a suitable opportunity for his attack on Norton Corporation. He also manipulated Gabriella and pulled many unexpected stunts to dissolve Norton Corporation. 
To some extent, Jory even took advantage of his father and Alpire Group—the company that currently belonged to his father. Ever since they got into a conflict, his dad had no intentions of making him Alpire Group’s heir. But no matter how silent Jory was about the matter, he knew that he was his dad’s only son; Alpire Group would still become his regardless of how unbecoming, worthless, or absurd he was. 
It was the same as ancient, regal families where blood and kin triumphed over all other factors. A prince would still retain his title no matter how unworthy he was. Likewise, nothing would stand in the
way of him inheriting the throne. 
What’s more, the previously idle and philanderer version of Jory had died along with his failed marriage contract. The Jory at that moment had a purpose in life, so how could he end up incompetent or left with nothing? 
Jory’s father actually knew that Jory was the mastermind who used Alpire Group’s name to acquire Norton Corporation. However, Jory’s father wasn’t bothered about it. He thought that as long as there were profits and shares to be earned, then why not? Whenever anyone asked, he would say that his son was behind it. This conveniently changed the frivolous and playboy image that others had for Jory. 
The sparring match that day allowed Nancy to know Jory better. Initially, she had her doubts on whether the rumors about him were true. However, she couldn’t see the resemblance between him and the hedonistic black-sheep-of-the-family reputation he had.
###Chapter 1720
Chapter 1720 
Seeing past his sharp tongue and big-headedness, Nancy could see herself being the best of friends with him. 
After all, there were not many people that could tie with her when it came to Taekwondo. Jory was the first. So how can I not feel empathy for such a well-matched and gentlemanly opponent? 
However, there was no need for her to question whether those past rumors about Jory’s reputation were true. She didn’t need to know because she was already married to Caspian. Thus, she told herself to forget about this could-have-been fiancé from long ago. 
Plus, Jory had admitted that he was the mysterious S. So there was no telling if he was the saboteur behind her friend’s company as well. Nancy reminded herself that she should keep her guard up around such a man, no matter if she did or did not have conflicted feelings for him. 
Oddly enough, she couldn’t bring herself to be vigilant, let alone resist him. There was a special feeling that fluttered inside her every time she met up with Jory. This upset her greatly. She scorned herself for acting like an unfaithful wife and behaving as if the grass was greener on the other side. 
But then again, she had no reason to feel so guilty as there was truthfully nothing going on between her and Jory. Yet, she couldn’t help but have a guilty conscience every time she thought about Caspian. The guilt had haunted her. It lingered at the back of her mind ever since she bumped into Jory. 
Elsewhere, Joan took a striped necktie from the shelf in her closet. She then turned to look at Larry, who was scrolling through the latest news on his phone whilst sitting on the sofa. 
“Are you really going to meet with Alpire Group’s chairman?” Joan asked. Her hair cascaded casually onto her shoulders, giving her a laid-back appearance from waking up early. Despite this, the dark bags
under her eyes revealed that she clearly hadn’t slept well for some time. 
Larry turned off his phone as his gaze raised over to Joan, who approached him. He responded, “Mm- hmm. Caspian went through a lot to get Alpire Group’s address. They’re so secretive that we couldn’t find their location. I doubt we would have found them if it weren’t because we figured out their IP address.” 
Joan placed the tie around his neck. She clumsily secured the tie in the style that he usually preferred. “Promise me that you’ll stay safe. Make sure you check for scams if you end up signing a contract. And be extremely cautious if they make any requests or comments. You must think it over and…” 
She finished knotting the tie. Then Larry’s hands suddenly reached out and grazed against the delicate skin on the back of her hands. His brown eyes were rich with affection and care as he gazed at her. 
“How did I not know that you can tie a necktie?” 
A rosy tint spread across Joan’s cheeks as she mumbled, “There will be more surprises to come. I’ll learn how to do these things properly for you.” 
Joan was a very reserved and traditional woman. It definitely showed when they first dated, as well as in their current marriage life. As a man, Larry felt the need to shower his wife with care. He knew that she liked being on the receiving end, so he often initiated things. He couldn’t help but wonder, when did this reserved and introverted woman learn to speak so affectionately? 
Ordinary gestures, such as being asked if one has eaten or if they are alright, sparked an immeasurable warmth in people’s hearts. Such small gestures often felt way more meaningful than saying, “I love you.” At that moment, Larry’s chest swelled with serene happiness.
He leaned his forehead against hers. A wide and toothy grin spread on his face as he felt her soft hair tingling against his forehead. He teased with immense joy, “I didn’t know that you could say such romantic things to me.” 
In response, Joan’s hand reached up and rested on his broad shoulders. She hummed with a mellifluous voice, “I’ll say them to you every single day once all of this passes.”
###Chapter 1721
Chapter 1721 
Larry hugged Joan tightly. He rested his chin on her head and scoffed, “You better keep your promise.” 
Her encouragement meant the entire world to him. She was not simply a supporter, but also the source of his strength. 
The chairman of Alpire Group set up his meeting with Larry at a famous bar instead of his office or the conference room. Larry was confused because a seedy bar was certainly of peculiar place to talk business.Most of his meetings with top businessmen took place either in restaurants, cafes or at the gyms. 
Despite that, he decided to go and meet him out of curiosity. 
After he reached, Larry struggled to find a parking spot since the bar didn’t provide a reserved parking area. However, he found one at an intersection. He checked the address on his phone—Riverdale Route 36. 
At the chairman’s request, Larry went there alone without any company. 
The moment he walked into the bar, he noticed something about the decoration that looked familiar yet strange to him. He recalled the day when he visited a foreign bar and got blackout drunk because he was wrecked by the devastation. 
This must be the place. 
He went deeper into the interior and was not impressed with it. The bar had triggered the opening of his memory box, that let his painful memories resurfaced, mirroring the myth of the box of Pandora.
The flickering light made him dizzy, and he felt foggy in the brain because of the smoke-filled room reeked of alcohol. 
Who the hell would pick this kind of place to talk business? He doubted they would have a formal conversation in such kind of place. 
The confusing pictures, the unidentified IP addresses, the inexplicable acquisition plan, and the illumination in that bar certainly shrouded that man with an initial S in mystery. 
Again, Larry checked his phone to see the invitation. Somehow, the mysterious man felt so far, yet so close to him. 
His eyes cast about the crowded bar, searching for a middle-aged man between forties and fifties. Right then, his phone vibrated. He pressed the notification. It was a message from that unknown person: I see you. I’m on your right. 
Larry turned his head to the right instinctively and saw a man waving his phone from a distance as if he had been waiting for his arrival. 
Several people walked past them, so he only caught a glimpse of his face. Amid the flashing lights, he could only assume that the man didn’t have the stereotypical image of an entrepreneur over forties. Rather, the latter looked much younger and was perhaps about the same age as he. 
As he drew closer, he could see his face clearly. At that moment, everything seemed to be at a standstill. The energy fielded around them was different. One was hot under the collar, the other as calm as a toad in the sun. 
Larry clenched his fists unwittingly, and his brow furrowed tightly. The vein on forehead bulge as if he was on the brink of violence.
The man in front of him immediately noticed his expression, but he wasn’t threatened or surprised. Instead, he swirled the beer in his glass while he maintained composure on his face. Then, he put down the glass on the table and dropped his hands. He welcomed Larry like an old friend. His smile and deep gaze were indecipherable.
###Chapter 1722
Chapter 1722 
“It’s been a while, Larry.” 
Larry tuned him out in his head. As he watched his lips moved, rage started plucking at his nerves. 
He stepped forward with lightning speed, grabbed his collar and stared at the man with eyes that seemed like he was about to eat him up. 
“Are you trying to mess with me now?” Larry snarled through clenched teeth. The urge to punch him was hard to keep under control. 
On the other hand, that man did not feel intimidated. Instead, his expression was as calm as still water. He gazed down at Larry with an enormous grin splitting his face. “If I say yes, are you going to swing your fist at me?” 
It turned out that the mysterious man who invited him was none other than Dustin. Despite the tense moment, he gave Larry a sarcastic reply with his composed face. Although it would seem like a joke between two friends in the eyes of others, his words were contemptuous irony. 
Larry obviously didn’t take his words as a mere joke because their relationship was more than that. Larry’s wife, Joan treated Dustin as her life savior. She always felt that she owed him, despite Larry and Dustin being fierce rivals. 
Soon, people began to gather around them. A buzz of chatter and gossip rose from the crowd. Yet neither of them cared about people’s stares. At that moment, there was a tense atmosphere around them. 
“I can’t guarantee you will leave this place safe and sound if you try to play a trick on me,” Larry said with dead seriousness. He had never wanted to punch someone in the face so badly.
“Chill, man. I won’t mess with you. I’m the one who invited you.” Dustin chuckled. 
Provoked, Larry grabbed his collar tighter. The rage stirred, but Dustin wasn’t bothered. 
“If I wasn’t the one to meet you, would you treat that person the same way as you did to me now? Or should I say, this is the special treatment that the renowned Norton Corporation would provide to their partner and rival?” 
Larry loosened his grip, and Dustin pulled his shirt back effortlessly as he remained stoic. 
The latter smoothened his crumpled tie and adjusted it before he sat down. “I haven’t seen you for so long, but you’re still the same as you were back then at the hospital. Too rash and reckless,” he said in an indifferent tone. 
Larry clenched his hands into tight fists. “I’m here to talk business. I have no time for your crap. Keep your trash-talk to yourself.” 
When he turned and was about to leave, Dustin stopped him. “I can tell you why Alpire Group has decided to acquire Norton Corporation. Once you step out of that door, no one will ever tell you the reason as patiently as I do” 
Larry’s heart skipped a beat when he heard about Alpire Group. 
As expected, this meeting is not a pure coincidence. He’s got it all planned out. Wait… So he is the chairman of Alpire Group? This is impossible. Norton Corporation was founded later than Alpire Group. He was not even born yet.
###Chapter 1723
Chapter 1723 
“If you invited me here for business, Dustin, tell me who exactly you are?” Larry peered at him with suspicious. 
Dustin didn’t answer. Instead, he placed a name card on the table and shoved it a little farther from him. Larry took a glance at it. Alpire Group Financial Controller was written in the bottom left corner of the card. 
Larry simply snickered. “Huh, I see you have multiples identities. Foreign-trained doctor, university professor, and now what? Financial Controller? What else did we miss? I guess creating a new identity is as easy as drinking a glass of water for you.” 
His words were spoken with sarcasm to irritate his rival. However, Dustin knew for a fact that Larry was right. To carry out his plan, he had to come out with a new identity. And before he knew it, he had forgotten about his main goal and ive. 
That was why he did not refute him. He remained silent and his gaze drifting from Larry to his name card on the table. 
The latter noticed he couldn’t utter any reply, so he switched to a scornful tone and continued, “I’m here to meet the chairman. Now, where is he? Don’t tell me you’re here on his behalf. You’re not in a position to talk business with me.” 
“Mr. Norton, I’m afraid there’s been some misunderstanding. Actually, the chairman sent me here to represent myself and the company. I’ve never said I’m here to represent him. So, if you have anything to tell him, you can convey it through me. And as a courtesy, I’m here to attend to your inquiry,” Dustin said it in one breath without blinking an eye. Each time he opened his mouth, Larry was annoyed.
“All right, let’s get down to business, shall we? The chairman ordered me to discuss the details of the acquisition with you. I thought this matter is very much important for you, but as soon as you saw me, I guess you’re not curious about it anymore. I see, there’s a strong resentment between us.” 
Larry took a deep breath. He’s right. I’m not here to pick a fight. I need to hear their reason. I shouldn’t let this jerk affect my judgment. The company comes first. 
He tried to control his emotions as he knew it wouldn’t do any good to waste his time on Dustin’s tactics. 
Somehow, his temper rose again. He just couldn’t sit face to face with Dustin and had a formal conversation. He shut his mouth tight in a look of extreme displeasure. 
Dustin reached out for a pile of documents beside him and laid them in front of him. Then, with great confidence, he said calmly, “Here, the chairman wants you to look through all these files.” 
Larry’s frowning gaze dropped to the files on the table. While he was dumbfounded, Dustin pushed them closer to him and arched an eyebrow. Larry reached out and took it. 
As expected, those documents contained all the reasons he wanted to know. Dustin clarified that the poor data management of Norton Corporation had led to the acquisition. 
However, Larry knew very well how the company had operated over the years. He couldn’t comment nor accuse him of the leaked information. Their reason was just inconceivable to him.
###Chapter 1724
Chapter 1724 
He could not ask Dustin the questions he had in mind. The content of part one of the proposal was as he expected. It was part two that left him shell-shocked. 
It was clear from the proposal that they had the acquisition in mind a long time ago. Although it was stated they hope the acquisition offer would be a boost for Norton Corporation, one only had to read between the lines and would see they were aiming for an ultimate take-over. 
This was Larry’s greatest worry come true. He had been worrying about this possibility but did not share that with Joan. He did not want Joan to be alarmed, as she may fret over it constantly. That was the same reason he kept mum during the board meeting. He did not want to affect the morale of the staff. 
He felt like someone teased him with a warm light on a harsh cold winter night, then extinguished it, taking with it his last glimmer of hope. 
He kept his emotions in check and coldly asked, “Why?” He wasn’t expecting a reasonable answer from Dustin. Dustin would probably use a flimsy reason to brush his question off. 
He actually suspected Dustin got his title through dubious means and did not have real authority in this matter. He did not believe Dustin had the answers to his questions, but he still asked him “Why”. 
“In business, everyone is after fame and fortune. I am sure you know it is survival of the fittest in this world, and one has to go with the flow. Alpire Group may have been set up earlier than Norton Corporation, but our development had lagged far behind you. Norton Corporation is now a well-known conglomerate in the country whereas Alpire Group is just beginning to grow internationally,” Dustin said. He then politely thanked the server who brought the alcohol and handed a glass to Larry.
“Alpire Group will create a name for itself if we successfully take over Norton Corporation’s current market share, don’t you agree?” 
Alpire Group is going to buy over every subsidiary of Norton Corporation, then head in for the final kill of acquiring Norton Corporation. Clearly, that was what he meant. In other words, they were out to destroy Norton Corporation. 
Larry was in a daze and unconsciously took the glass Dustin handed him. Since the day he got blind drunk, he had developed a phobia of drinking. On this day, he actually accepted the drink. 
“I don’t believe this… there must be other reasons.” The taste of alcohol flooded his mouth, and all he could taste was bitterness. 
Dustin only smiled and did not deny Larry’s speculation. Indeed, this was only the tip of the iceberg, as Jory and he had bigger plans, and he had no qualms making their intention known to Larry. That was the reason why he could confidently bring the proposal to meet Larry, all by himself. 
They were not worried about how the plan would play out, as they were confident everything was within their control. Dustin had his own ives, and Jory too, had his own secret intentions, which he never shared. These, in addition to the long-standing cash flow issues, were the three factors leading to the acquisition. 
Dustin made part of their plans known to Larry as he wanted to taunt him. He wanted Larry to know he’s not invincible, that he too had weaknesses… The pain of seeing what you treasure disappear right in front of your eyes is worse than the loss itself. 
Dustin was never a magnanimous person. Ever since Larry hit him at the hospital, he bore grudges and had marked Larry for revenge.
###Chapter 1725
Chapter 1725 
There are many ways for one to seek revenge. It does not have to be an eye for an eye. One needed to calmly analyze the situation, made the best use of one’s advantage then go in for the kill. 
Dustin was not certain what made him hate Larry that much. Joan could be the reason. He always fought hard for what he desired and was convinced he would have her by his side someday. He only had to be persistent and work zealously towards his goal. 
Dustin collected the papers on the table, finished his drink, and stood up from the sofa. Under the blinding lights, he looks intimidating. Larry was beginning to feel breathless. 
“If there are no other questions, we shall call it a day…” 
No other questions? Of course, there were many questions in Larry’s mind. But, he knew even if he were to ask, a cunning man like Dustin would not have answered his queries truthfully. 
“Have a nice day, Mr. Norton.” Dustin smiled and politely extended his hand to Larry. 
That was a signal for the end of one’s conversation. But has the issue really ended? Larry knew this was only the beginning. 
Larry went through the motion and shook Dustin’s hand. He thought Dustin had challenged him with a crushing handshake. That, plus the plastic smile on Dustin’s face, convinced Larry he was being mocked. 
They are out to take over Norton Corporation. Larry could not get that thought out of his mind. Dustin’s sly smile was the other thing that bothered him. He knew Dustin was up to no good.
Or maybe, he had not gotten over Joan? This thought suddenly came to Larry, and he was thunderstruck. He nearly ran the red light and was about to hit a pedestrian. Thankfully, he snapped out of it just in time to jam the brake. He was thrown forward violently as he narrowly avoided the accident. 
“You rascal! Are you blind? Watch how you are driving!” the middle-aged man shouted at Larry. He could hear it loud and clear even though the windows were all wound up. Larry managed to escape from a confrontation as the lady, which looked like the man’s wife, told him not to pursue the matter and dragged him away. 
He was furious when he saw the photos last time as he suspected Joan had betrayed him. He never gave much thought to the other party in the photos. It has been Dustin’s scheme all along! Even if Joan is not interested in him, he would have made excuses to get close to her. This is all because he knows that Joan would never give up on me! 
Larry wanted to give himself a tight slap. He made a huge mistake. The person he needed to be wary of was Dustin, not Joan! He had been making his and Joan’s lives miserable all these while when it was none of her faults. Oh no, what have I done? 
In order to wait up for him, Joan had applied for time off work in the morning for the past few days. He went for the meeting with Dustin and came home later than usual this evening. As expected, Joan was seated by the door when he reached home. Her hands were supporting her chin, and she was nodding off, body swaying precariously. It was obvious she had waited for a long time. 
She was half asleep and did not even realize Larry had walked up to her. Larry stared at the sleepy Joan. This was the girl that used to be shy but was smart and decisive. She was also the same girl who waited up for him every night, who learned new skills just for him, who…. memories came flooding back to him. 
I am blessed to have met you.
Larry let out a small sigh, bent over, and picked Joan up. He could feel her cold limbs, and it pricked his conscience. She has waited by the door in the cold for so long…
###Chapter 1726
Chapter 1726 
Her long curly lashes fluttered, and her eyes slowly opened, still sleepy. She realized she was being carried into the house by Larry, so she struggled to be let down. However, Larry would have none of that but tightened his embrace instead. 
“Why are you awake? You were sleeping so soundly at the door,” he teased. 
It was amazing he still had the mood to joke, but that did not cheer Joan up. “I woke up when you sighed. Why are you sighing? Did the discussion not go well today?” 
Larry had laid her down on the bed and was pulling a blanket over her. He paused when Joan posed the question. She held his right hand and looked him in the eyes, full of concern. “Please don’t hide anything from me.” 
Larry sat by her side and held her hand tightly. “I… the meeting today was with Dustin.” 
Joan sat up straight immediately and exclaimed in disbelief, “How is that possible? Dustin? Was it a chance meeting? I thought… I thought you said you were going to meet the chairman of Alpire Group. How did you end up meeting Dustin instead?” 
Joan bombarded him with a load of questions as she could not believe it was Dustin. The last she met him was when she went to ask him about Larry. He had not contacted her since then too. Why did he approach Larry this time around? 
“It was him. He is now the financial controller of Alpire Group. He said their chairman sent him. At the meeting today, his message was clear. Alpire’s target was Norton Corporation. They wanted to take over everything.”
“What? Dustin has become the financial controller of Alpire Group? And they want to take over Norton Corporation? This is unbelievable!” Joan’s eyes widened with surprise. To her, the chance of Dustin doing that seems so unlikely, like that of seeing a comet fall on earth. 
Larry held back his rebuttal. They had overcome much hardship and misunderstanding before finally settling down to a blissful life. He would rather maintain that bliss than try to win an argument. 
Financial controller? Joan was baffled. Isn’t Dustin a medical doctor? He was in charge of her treatment when she was in A Nation. He went on to become a lecturer at the medicine faculty of Nirhaven College. That switch was logical given his expertise and training. On the contrary, his latest move to that of a financial controller was puzzling. Wherever he went, they seemed to meet time and again. There were valid reasons for them to meet in his first two jobs, but Joan could not associate his position at Alpire Group with herself. 
“I feel he may have some ulterior motives…” Larry tried to suppress his emotions and spoke as calmly as he possibly could. It was tough, as the thought of Dustin made him boil. How he wished Dustin would vanish in the air instantly. 
“I think that is unlikely. He was a helpful and nice doctor and didn’t look like a scheming person,” Joan tried to defend. 
His wife defending a man he detested made Larry cringed, but he did not rebuke Joan. He would have picked a fight with her previously. After they went through all the earlier misunderstandings, Larry had matured and learned to keep his emotions in check. 
Joan was defensive of Dustin as he had been nice to her. People like Dustin only have eyes for those they love and would do anything to get their hands on what they wanted. He was more toxic than Joan could ever imagine. She would always remember the good in people and forgot the fact that everyone had an opposing dark side.
###Chapter 1727
Chapter 1727 
“I wished I could say he is a good man.” Those were the only words Larry could say in response to Joan’s defense of Dustin. 
“Is this the Barrymore residence? There is a parcel for Ms. Barrymore.” A courier man was outside the door. He was fanning himself furiously with his cap, melting in the scorching hot weather. 
A gush of warm air rushed into the room as Nancy opened the door. The courier man stuffed a kraft paper package through the door and left hurriedly. He couldn’t wait to deliver this last package of the day and make his way home. 
She was curious about the brown package in her hand, as she did not do any online shopping. The sender’s address was Marsingfill, where Nancy was staying. She wondered why someone would bother to use express courier service to send her this urgently when they were in the same city. 
She tore open the wrapping and found an ordinary envelope, well protected with bubble wrap. 
To Ms. Barrymore. That was written in black ink on the envelope. The sender was formal and had used her family name instead of her first name. 
It was written in traditional calligraphy with a fountain pen. The strokes were bold and care, reflecting the personality of the sender. 
Nancy already knew who the sender was when she saw her name on the envelope. 
She opened the envelope, and there was a red invitation card inside. It was a handwritten card, inviting her to be his teammate in the coming competition.
Taekwondo competition, of course. Nancy’s lips curled into a smile. That was the most exclusive Taekwondo competition for all the practitioners, so she would definitely not give it a miss. Moreover, her partner would be Jory, whom she had sparred with on numerous occasions and already developed special feelings for. 
Her first impression of Jory was that of a playboy. After some heart-to-heart talks, she discovered that he was actually a lively, warm, humorous, and chic guy. 
She realized his youthfulness and care personality gave others the wrong impression of him being a playboy. 
Both Jory and she were born in the same year. That was the reason why both their parents had always wanted to pair them up. The timing did not work in their favor. She met Caspian before Jory, so she ended up being with Caspian. 
Nancy carefully placed the handwritten invitation card in the second drawer of her dresser. She left the drawer open and was staring dazedly at her name written on the envelope. She was not sure what was going on in her mind. Could she be feeling regretful for rejecting the marriage proposal? 
Somewhere deep in her heart, she had someone in a special place but that was not meant to be. 
She heard the key turned in the lock and hurriedly closed the drawer. The next moment, Caspian’s voice drifted in. 
“I’m back, Nancy! Where are you? Boss went to meet the chairman of Alpire Group. I bet you won’t be able to guess who that person is…” Caspian started chattering as he changed out of his shoes. 
Chairman of Alpire Group? Did Larry meet Jory’s dad? Isn’t his dad overseas? He could not have come back. Did Larry meet Jory instead? What is going on?
###Chapter 1728
Chapter 1728 
All these thoughts ran through Nancy’s mind, and she nearly blurted them out. Caspian walked over with a smirk, wanting to keep her in suspense. Upon seeing her with a desperately curious look, he offered, “It’s Dustin!” 
He crossed his arms and continued, “I did not expect him to be related to Alpire Group. That aside, the most damning thing was he told Boss they are targeting the whole of Norton Corporation. They want to take over Norton Corporation!” 
Whew! Thank goodness it was not Jory. She breathed a sigh of relief as she remembered no one else actually knew Jory. She was too nervous earlier to think straight and to focus on what Caspian was saying. 
Larry’s company was in a crisis, and all she could think of was Jory. 
“We’ll have to help Larry. Please let him know he could contact my dad and me if he needs our help.” She made a casual offer, but Caspian took it as a sincere offer and was rather touched. 
He stepped forward to give Nancy a hug, yet she used her arms to block him off. She was taken aback by her own reaction but went on to banter with Caspian. “You are hot and sweaty. Go get a shower.” 
Caspian scratched his head in embarrassment, held her hand, and apologized to her. He then went to pick his clothes from the wardrobe and got ready to shower. 
It was only upon hearing the bathroom door closed that she slumped and sat on the bed. She crossed her hands as she sank in confusion like never before. 
Innocent Caspian had not detected her abnormality in the past few days, but even if she could deceive Caspian, she could not hide her feelings. She knew she had changed and there was no turning back.
It was pitch dark outside, and one could hear the toads croaking amongst the bushes. 
As she stared into the night, her mind drifted, and the window of the room turned to be that of her red Bentley. She could vividly see herself seated in the driver’s seat and an exasperated Jory yelping at her to get out of the way. 
She did not know how long she was in a daze, thinking of Jory. When she recovered from it, she was no longer on that narrow lane where they met. She was still seated on her bed at home, surrounded by silence, accompanied by the occasional toad croaks. 
Larry and Joan did not approach Finnick and Vivian for help to resolve Norton Corporation’s crisis. They did not even tell them about the problem. 
However, in this digital age, Finnick and Vivian would have found out through different mediums in social media. 
Larry and Joan found they had little time to spend with Leslie as they had to try ways and means to save Norton Corporation. Out of desperation, Joan had to pay Finnick and Vivian a visit to ask for their help to look after Leslie. 
She stared at the rosy chubby cheeks of Leslie, who was lying in the baby cot and sighed, “Leslie dear, please do not be angry with Daddy and Mommy. We would love to spend all our time with you, but at this moment, we had to fight hard to keep the company, which is the fruit of blood, sweat, and tears of many people. Daddy and Mommy had no choice but to send you over to your grandpa and grandma for the time being…” 
Young Leslie seemed to have understood her, and his little face scrunched up, looking displeased. Joan was anxious about meeting her in-laws too. They had not met since Norton Corporation got into trouble.
###Chapter 1729
Chapter 1729 
In all honesty, Joan didn’t blame Larry as she understood him. However, she couldn’t speak on behalf of Finnick and Vivian since they had poured their blood, sweat, and tears into the company. Now that it had ended up in such a sorry state, even she herself wasn’t certain whether Finnick would condemn Larry. 
“You’re here, Ms. Joan?” The housemaid wiped her hands on her apron. Then, she spotted Leslie in Joan’s arms. “Oh, you even brought Leslie along!” 
Joan flashed her a polite smile. “Is Vivian and Finnick home?” 
Smiling at her in return, the housemaid then hollered in the direction of the house, “Mr. Norton and Mrs. Norton, Ms. Joan and Leslie are here!” 
The moment Vivian saw Joan and Leslie, she hurried forward and carried him from Joan’s arms. It had been a while since she last saw the baby. She hadn’t visited them out of worry that she would be a bother. She initially thought that they would bring him back for a visit in a few days, but it turned out that they actually dragged their feet until now. 
Having not laid eyes on him for a long time, Vivian truly missed her grandchild greatly. She cradled Leslie in the crook of her arms and rocked him gently, but it seemed that he had had enough sleep. Surprisingly, he didn’t throw a tantrum but pointed at them while giggling with his petite mouth open. 
By then, Finnick had also walked over, and he looked as though he wanted to snatch the child from Vivian. At that moment, the two elderly people whose hair was threaded with gray resembled two immature children vying for their beloved toy.
At the sight of them both showering their affection on Leslie, Joan breathed a sigh of relief. Phew! With Leslie diverting their attention, they most likely won’t pressure Larry no matter how angry they are! 
Before she could even say anything, Finnick had already seen through her and smilingly remarked, “Well? Are you here to entrust Leslie’s care to us?” 
Huh? I initially brought Leslie over so that I’ll gain the upper hand, but why am I now on the passive end? As her intentions were suddenly exposed, she chuckled awkwardly. “Ah well, I was worried that you two would miss Leslie.” 
In the next moment, it was Vivian who exposed her, saying, “Okay, okay, that’s enough. If you were truly worried that we were missing Leslie, you would’ve brought him over ages ago. You wouldn’t have left this elderly couple languishing in loneliness until now.” 
Ah, why didn’t Larry inherit Vivian’s humor? What a shame! Joan lamented inwardly. Sure enough, her worry had been proven to be warranted, for it was always difficult to fool the elderly. 
“Well? Aren’t you going to say anything? Have we hit the nail on the head, then?” Finnick deliberately taunted. When he saw her terrified expression at his words, he then gave a soft cough. In the blink of an eye, he turned serious and solemnly patted her on the shoulder. “It’s fine. I’ve known about the situation at the company. My stance remains the same—everything will work itself out in the end.” 
“What if things fall apart?” Joan blurted out of the blue. 
Amused by their daughter-in-law’s instinctive riposte, Finnick and Vivian doubled over in laughter. After a long while, Finnick finally stifled his laughter and said to her with feigned authoritativeness, “Fall apart? Even if they fall apart, there’ll still be debris left. When it comes to money, it’ll be yours if it’s meant to be. But if otherwise, it’ll be of no use no matter how hard you work.”
“Furthermore, it’s not like the Norton family can’t survive without the company,” Vivian added. 
Hmm? This doesn’t seem right… It’s completely different from the script I’d imagined! Shouldn’t they be wearing forbidding expressions and asking me what Larry is doing at the office all day that he has ruined their decades of hard work? 
How could it be this scene before me instead? They actually busted a gut laughing, then went to the side to discuss what brand of crib and milk to purchase for Leslie? Are there parents who could care less about their son than them? 
Shellshocked, she stood rooted to the spot. In the end, it was the housemaid who snapped her back to reality, urging, “Don’t just stand there, Ms. Joan. Please have a seat.” Only then did she compose herself and sat on the sofa. 
When Vivian noticed that she still seemed restless, she smiled. “Are you still worried about Larry?”
###Chapter 1730
Chapter 1730 
In truth, Joan wasn’t worried about Larry. Instead, she was worried that Finnick and Vivian would blame Larry. Larry already has his plate full, so he can’t take any more pressure from others! However, she couldn’t say that, so she could only nod in tacit acquiescence to Vivian’s remark. 
Upon seeing her nod, Vivian affectionately wrapped an arm around her shoulder. “I’ve raised Larry from young, and he’s the kind of person who’ll give something his all when he has made up his mind to do it. It’s the same this time. Whatever it is, the result doesn’t matter as long as he has done his best and given it his all. 
“The outcome isn’t important. We don’t have a strong affinity for money and the company. Finnick has already made more money than a person could make in two lifetimes. If worse comes to worst, we’ll just be more frugal in the future. We can still survive without any problems.” 
Gah! That’s not what I wanted to say! Joan wailed inwardly. So, does this mean that they’ve long since planned for the eventuality that the company would go bankrupt? Are they truly his biological parents? Or was Norton Corporation given to them by someone for ? 
The two of them really have no attachment to earthly possession, huh? They don’t even care about anything Larry does. Well, that’s a good thing! Joan was very much relieved. Since things are fine with them here, I’ll now go and find someone. I wonder if he’ll be able to shed light on the questions I have. 
“I knew that you would come and seek me out.” As Dustin looked at Joan before him, he wasn’t the least bit surprised. “But why did you choose to meet in a nature park?” 
An hour ago, Joan sent Dustin a message after leaving Finnick and Vivian’s place. Dustin arrived very quickly, so they met in the park in no time.
Since it was Sunday, the nature park was bustling even more than usual. At the gate itself, there was an unceasing throng of visitors. Vendors sold various kinds of balloons, while children who came and went tugged on their parents’ hands as they beseeched them to get one. 
Dustin was wearing a sky blue casual jacket and slim-fit pants that rendered him all the taller. On the whole, his dressing was vastly different from his usually serious and meticulous style. 
As Joan stared at him with undisguised weariness in her eyes, she felt that something about him had changed despite looking no different. Yet, she couldn’t quite put her finger on it. 
All of a sudden, she blurted, “I remember back when we were abroad, I used to be very pessimistic just after you had operated on me. Thus, you brought me to the various parks in A Nation. At that time, I always thought to myself that I’ll bring you to a park in Marsingfill if I could ever recover my health…” 
She naturally stood beside Dustin, and they walked side by side, creating a blissful picture. 
“Later, I returned to Chanaea, but I couldn’t fulfill the promise back then due to various reasons… And you even left Marsingfill to head back to A Nation again because of me.” Joan stared down at the scattered pebbles below her feet. As she stepped on them, she felt the pressure accumulated at her soles dissipating. 
“That’s why… I decided on this place for our meeting today.” As the rays of sunlight shone on her head, they appeared both like crystal ornaments that adorned her hair and the stars scattered across the Milky Way. 
Conversely, Dustin’s gaze remained on her—the look in his eyes gentle as though he was looking at a priceless treasure. As a breeze blew her scattered hair into her face, he abruptly reached out and tucked her hair behind her ear. “Actually, as long as I’m with you… as long as I get to see you, I’m happy wherever it may be.”
Such a declaration was tantamount to a confession of love, but Joan was already numb to it. Although Dustin rarely expressed himself to her, she wasn’t a fool, so she more or less knew that he had feelings for her. 
However, she didn’t want to hurt him, much less ruin the harmonious relationship between them, thus never once pointed it out before him.
###Chapter 1731
Chapter 1731 
Of course, the punch Larry swung at Dustin at the hospital back then rendered Joan’s relationship with him even more ambiguous. In response to Dustin’s confession, Joan merely replied indifferently, “There’s someone whom I love.” 
All at once, a wave of bitterness surged within Dustin. He had known that he wouldn’t be able to get her love and had long since expected such a response, but he had never counted upon such an indescribable feeling upon hearing it directly from her mouth. 
Before he had figured out how he should reply to that, Joan continued, “Besides, he loves me a lot as well, and our relationship is going very well.” She then halted her steps and stared right into his slightly anguished gaze. “If possible, I hope we can be friends forever.” 
“Friends?” Dustin muttered. He snorted softly before shaking his head, the sorrow within his eyes brimming to the point of overflowing like a tidal wave. 
In the next moment, Joan asked him in a choked voice, “Dustin, tell me this. What’s your relationship with Alpire Group? What was your motive in requesting to see Larry? Are you working with them to destroy his company?” 
“Destroy?” Dustin echoed. “If all the fittest were to be accused of destroying the weak, would there still be order in this world?” 
Bolstering her courage inwardly, Joan raised her voice to make herself sound more imposing. “You know full well that Norton Corporation is not weak. I don’t know what method Alpire Group used to acquire Norton Corporation’s branch companies, but I know without a shadow of a doubt that Norton Corporation will not be impeded by Alpire Group or the market considering its operation and capabilities.
“Since you represented the chairman of Alpire Group to meet with Larry, I know you must be aware of Alpire Group’s true motive in acquiring Norton Corporation. Likewise, you must know their plans after having done so.” By then, her hands had already clenched into fists. 
She truly couldn’t figure him out, so she could only feel him out. But from the look of things then, she wasn’t likely to gain any valuable information from him. 
Dustin was silent for a moment before he commented, “Joan, although you’re a student at Nirhaven College, you’re still unfamiliar with business matters. I’m not the person behind Alpire Group. Indeed, their target is the entire Norton Corporation, but I have no say in whatever they do. The only thing I can do is to tell you both all this. If it weren’t because of you, why would I seek Larry Norton out? Joan, I prioritize you in everything I do.” 
He sounded very sincere, and Joan could only hear the candor in his voice. Upon hearing his answer, she finally breathed a sigh of relief. Her tone eased as well as she murmured, “You know what, Dustin? The thing I fear most is that you’ll one day tell me that everything that had befallen us was all your doing. 
“When Larry told me that it was you who met with him, I really couldn’t believe it. I know you’ve always been a good person. You saved me and promised to never hurt me. So, I trust you,” she continued without noticing that his fingers were trembling slightly. 
When Dustin heard that, he knew that the day she feared would come sooner or later. All he could do was to draw out the coming of that day, making it slower. Meanwhile, he must treat her better so that their ties would remain close when the day came. 
But given the situation then, everything he had planned seemed impossible. Considering her abiding trust in me now, how much would she hate me when she learns the truth? I once promised to never
hurt her, but for the sake of that promise, I’ve been hurting the person she loves. In that case, is it considered hurting her indirectly? 
Nevertheless, he couldn’t be bothered about that. The only thing he craved was every ray of sunshine that shone around her and every puff of air that glided over her. No matter how despicable and shameless the method, he felt that everything was worth it as long as he could see her.
###Chapter 1732
Chapter 1732 
As Dustin gazed into her dark eyes, he murmured with all the tenderness in the world, “Yes, I’ll never hurt you…” 
Folding her Taekwondo uniform, Nancy placed it into her canvas bag. She then plopped down onto the soft bed, her body wobbling a smidge as the bed depressed. All of a sudden, she jumped up as something occurred to her. Snagging two bottles of cold mineral water from the refrigerator, she tossed them in her hands before shoving them into her bag. 
Instead of wearing her favorite platform high heels that she usually wore, she chose a pair of down-to- earth sneakers. After nimbly tying a butterfly knot for both sneakers, she made a turn in front of the mirror. Satisfied with her appearance, she then shouldered her canvas bag before setting out. 
The invitation to the Taekwondo competition that she received from Jory back then was still in her bag. Before leaving, she touched the words that seemed to be glowing, and her mood instantly brightened. 
Well, probably because it was her favorite Taekwondo competition. 
No sooner after she stepped out of her house, the sound of a honk rang out behind her. At first, she thought that the driver was irritated at her for walking so slowly, so she inexorably quickened her pace and strode forward. 
Unexpectedly, the car continued tailing her closely, and the honking grew louder as well. Not only did it sound louder, but it also seemed closer to her. 
Ugh! What’s wrong with the car? Is the driver deliberately picking on me because he’s irked at me or something? Well, he picked the wrong person because I’m no easy prey with a black belt in
Taekwondo! When her head snapped back, the car door of the car in question was open, and a familiar figure was looking at her with a smirk while leaning against the open car door. 
“Ah, you’ve finally noticed me! If you continued ignoring me, I would’ve run the engine and grabbed you!” 
“It’s you?” Surprise showed in Nancy’s eyes. 
Jory was currently wearing form-fitting sportswear with black stripes that were printed with English letters on the shoulders. In fact, his entire outfit was ordinary in the sense that it cost less than a thousand. 
Swinging her bag at him, Nancy deliberately teased, “Wow, you’re actually still driving this piece of junk besides having dressed so ordinarily today. Don’t tell me the rich heir loves imitating the common folks as well?” 
At that, Jory patted the front of his car. “My car is excellent! There’s no problem driving it around Marsingfill a dozen times a day, unlike someone’s luxury car that broke down on an isolated road and left its owner at a loss!” 
If I’d known that he’d bring this up, I wouldn’t have teased him! Nancy griped. As she wore a huffy expression on her face, Jory felt that she resembled a little girl whose lollipop had been snatched away, inciting an urge to hug her tightly and stroke her head. 
“You know what? I’ve waited in front of your house for an eternity. In order to save you from any trouble that your luxury car might cause once more, I purposely woke up early in the morning to pick you up, but you actually didn’t see me…” At that, Jory feigned a sigh. “Ah well, even if you didn’t see me, you must have noticed this Volkswagen of mine that’s so old that the paint is peeling off!”
Hearing that, Nancy hit him with her bag. “In that case… I’ll grace you with my presence in your car today to make it up to you!” 
“Hah! It’s glaringly obvious that you’re just lazy to drive yourself…” Jory muttered. But when Nancy shot him a glare, he hastily exclaimed with a smile, “Great! Let’s go, then!” 
There was a huge crowd outside the dojo that day. Most of the participants were young people of their age, and they were naturally accompanied by their parents, who kept reminding them of the stakes. 
Twisting the window crank handle, Nancy wound the car window down a fraction. “This is a competition, yet these parents are acting as though they’re sending their children off to battle…” 
After parking the car, Jory tilted his head and followed her gaze. Sure enough, those parents were all making a big deal out of it. 
“If… Well, this is a hypothetical question, mind you. If you didn’t invite me to attend this competition with you today, would you have asked your father to come with you?” Having not expected him to lean his head over, Nancy almost knocked into him in her distracted state.
###Chapter 1733
Chapter 1733 
Upon hearing Nancy’s question, Jory’s brows furrowed. “Huh? That’s impossible! My dad can’t possibly be in Marsingfill. Even if he is, don’t you think it’s strange if we were to appear at the same event at the same time?” 
While Nancy knew that his relationship with the chairman of Alpire Group was strained, she never expected it to be so bad that it would be strange if they were to appear in the same place at the same time. 
By then, Jory was already unfastening his seatbelt. “Let’s not talk about him anymore. I’m in a good mood today, so let’s not ruin it…” 
“In this world, blood ties are the only bond that can never be severed. If there’s an opportunity, you should keep an open mind and talk to him,” Nancy exhorted without looking at him as she unfastened her seatbelt. 
When Jory, who was unfastening his seatbelt, heard that, he lifted his head and glanced at her beside him. The gleam in his eyes at that moment was one even he himself couldn’t decipher. 
All annual competitions were as strict as the current one. Every single person who wanted to enter the dojo had to be checked one at a time before they were allowed entrance, as though passing a security check. 
It was then midsummer, so it was really scorching. For that reason, it was truly torturous to queue outside the door to pass the security check. Worse still, they had to endure extreme thirst since there wasn’t a single grocery store in sight.
Jory reached out and wiped the sweat off his forehead. Beside him, Nancy wasn’t faring any better. Oh God, it’s just too warm today! Fortunately, I didn’t apply any makeup, or I would’ve ended up with it running down my face now. 
She then reached into her bag for a tissue, inwardly lauding herself for having packed everything necessary before leaving the house. Out of the blue, she felt bursts of cool air against the back of her hand, and she suddenly remembered that she had thrown two bottles of mineral water into her bag before leaving. 
Most importantly… it’s cold! 
In the next second, she brandished a bottle of mineral water in front of Jory as though presenting him with a priceless treasure. However, she then shifted it away before he could snatch it out of her hands. With a smug expression on her face, she declared, “You’ll owe me a favor.” 
Meanwhile, Jory felt as though he was in a fiery furnace then. At that moment, he would agree without hesitation even if he were asked to pluck a star from the sky, let alone owe her a favor. 
Promptly agreeing, he swiftly snatched the bottle of mineral water from her hand. After guzzling down several mouthfuls and quenching his thirst, he was once again energetic, thus started growing mischievous. 
He shifted close to Nancy. Nancy, who was rummaging for the uniform she put into her bag, instinctively blurted, “Stay away from me when it’s so warm now.” 
Her tone became very different from usual once she grew serious, so when Jory heard that, he obediently put some distance between them. 
He wanted to say something else, but the referee had already blown the whistle to summon all contestants to enter the dojo one by one. Jory’s turn was ahead of Nancy, so he coolly bid her farewell
upon hearing the referee’s call. “See you later.” 
Unexpectedly, a creamy white hand shot out and clutched the hem of his clothes. In the slightly flowing smock of his white uniform, he actually held a bit of resemblance to an ancient warrior, especially when coupled with his jet-black brows. 
“Be careful,” Nancy murmured. “Remember to observe your opponent’s every gesture and movement closely…” 
She was still going to nag him further, but Jory chuckled and stretched out a hand to place it on her hair. Gently rubbing his thumb on her forehead, he flashed her a smile that had butterflies fluttering in her stomach. 
She couldn’t quite decipher the emotion in his gaze, merely seeing herself reflected clearly in his pupils. “I got it. Thank you.” 
Hmm? Hey, he sounds as though he’s mollifying a kid! Jory then stuffed his bottle of mineral water into her hand before leaving. As his figure resembled that of a messenger walking toward the light, a phrase suddenly flashed across her mind though it seemed rather inappropriate to be used here. 
Never will I meet another like him. 
The soft mineral water bottle in her hand still carried the warmth of his palm, and the touch of his hand on her hair lingered.
###Chapter 1734
Chapter 1734 
Argh! Having such a feeling is truly horrible! Should I be thankful that those thoughts are only lingering in my mind? If they’re lingering in my heart, then I’m really a fickle person, and even I myself might not be able to accept that! 
Clutching the bottle in her hand tightly, Nancy strode toward the dojo. The atrium was no different from usual except for the fact that there were many spectators today. In the past, contestants had to watch the electronic screen elsewhere and await the live broadcast, but they had actually set up “spectator seats” for the contestants. 
Nancy was among those bringing up the rear, so she wasn’t too worried about being called up anytime soon. Thus, she found a seat near the arena and sat down blithely. 
She had barely settled in when the girl beside her, who appeared to be about her age, struck up a conversation with her. 
“Wow, you’re incredible, miss! You’re already a black belt at such a young age…” The girl blinked at her with stars in her eyes as though she was looking at her idol and would pull her into a bear hug in the next moment. 
While still wearing a polite smile on her face, Nancy had already put some distance between them surreptitiously. “Not at all. As long as you practice diligently, you’ll also be wearing a black belt one day.” 
“Did you come alone today, miss?” Affable in nature, the girl held Nancy’s arm as though they were close friends, albeit having just exchanged a few words with her.
Meanwhile, Nancy’s gaze was fixated on the arena where the two contestants had already bowed to each other as a sign of respect. Hence, when the girl held her arm, she almost acted instinctually and grabbed her arm to flip her without showing any mercy. 
Fortunately, her vision and mind were entirely captivated by the figure on the stage, so she didn’t rebuff the girl’s intimate gesture. 
When the girl didn’t receive any reply from her after a long time, she looked in the direction of her gaze. Then, her lips curved into a sly and intrigued smile. “Ah, I know! It turns out that you’re here with your boyfriend!” 
“I’m already married,” Nancy countered as she turned to her. At her response, the girl was momentarily taken aback. Shouldn’t the normal reaction be a blush and silence? Well… this is a really refreshing and novel answer! 
The corners of her mouth twitched, making it evident that she was speechless at Nancy’s reply. “You’re married, miss? So, that means… you came with your husband, yes? I really envy you for having found someone with the same hobbies and interests to spend the rest of your life with…” 
Ugh! Can you stop talking already? Getting her to shut up was the only thing Nancy asked for at the moment. However, the girl’s remark truly jolted her. 
Looking for someone with similar hobbies and interests to spend the rest of my life with? But it seemed to have been love at first sight for Caspian and I… She initially didn’t believe in love at first sight, thinking that the so-called love at first sight was merely about looks. But after meeting Caspian, she realized that it wasn’t just that, for it was his unique aura that enthralled her deeply. 
However, after having been together for a while, she actually comprehended a crucial point—neither looks nor aura could be a foundation in sustaining a happy life. If two people wanted to live together for
eternity, their lifestyles and interests should also overlap besides having similar values. 
If the so-called principle of complementing each other’s personalities and interests were to be applied in real life, that would only exacerbate the likelihood of a divorce. 
On second thought, are Caspian and I really suited for a lifetime? Shortly after Caspian and Nancy got married, Larry and Joan had a misunderstanding. The couple had spent quite a bit of effort and time before finally resolving the problem between Joan and Larry, but good times were short-lived. Subsequently, issues cropped up with Norton Corporation’s branch companies, one after another. Therefore, Caspian and Nancy hadn’t really interacted much. 
The thing is, in our limited interactions, I only noticed some divergence between many of my habits as well as interests and that of Caspian’s. Be that as it may, she didn’t pay much mind to it, thinking that they should tolerate and compromise with each other over time.
###Chapter 1735
Chapter 1735 
Ever since Jory appeared in her world recently, Nancy realized that corresponding interests and topics were probably very important. The feeling when I’m with Jory is entirely different from when I’m with Caspian. 
No! I can’t let my thoughts go there! The more her thoughts veered in that direction, the more she felt that she and Caspian weren’t suited for each other, and the greater her fear that the distance between them would grow. 
“Miss! Miss, your husband is trying to get your attention!” The girl beside Nancy nudged her with an elbow. Snapping back to her senses, she saw Jory making an OK gesture at her from the stage. In response, she fisted her right hand and flashed him a fist pump. 
Jory’s opponent stood at a height of about one point eight meters and was about the same build as him. Oh God, that shouldn’t be his opponent, yes? Nancy fretted inwardly. Evidently, she had forgotten that it was a Taekwondo competition among formidable practitioners, which meant that there was no discrimination of physique as long as two contestants were evenly matched. 
Heaving a long sigh, she kept her attention on the competition. It was difficult to tell who would win in such a competition, so it had the spectators gripping the edge of their seats in anticipation. 
As Nancy observed the match where neither were trumping the other, she inwardly chided herself, Dang it, I’m such a doomsayer! Hmm… Jory’s opponent is really skilled. I can’t imagine how it would be if a newbie were paired with him when he’s equally matched with Jory! 
Even after the two of them grappled for more than twenty minutes, neither managed to defeat the other. Below the stage, all the spectators were fired up at the unexpectedly intense match in the very first
round, both contestants fighting tooth and nail. At long last, the referee blew the whistle to signal an intermission. 
All at once, Jory’s opponent was surrounded by a horde of friends and relatives who passed him water, gave him a towel, and fanned him. The dojo was airconditioned, but they were simply making a huge fanfare. 
When the referee saw that Jory was alone, he kindly handed him a towel. At that, Nancy got to her feet. Just as she was wavering whether she should go over, he turned to her and flashed her a bright smile as though he could discern her hesitation and worry, seemingly telling her that he was fine. 
Because of that smile, Nancy hastily pulled out the bottle of mineral water that she had handed to him earlier from her bag and trotted over to the arena. 
As she clutched at the red ribbon that kept the spectators out, the smooth ribbon wrinkled from her tight grasp. “Don’t force it if you can’t hold out. You’ve got to ensure that you remain unscathed.” 
Surprisingly, Jory was still in the mood to crack a joke at that time. “Do you think I look like the kind of person who’ll surrender when I can’t beat the other guy?” 
His voice was as flippant and frivolous as usual, but Nancy was afraid that he would misunderstand, thus hurriedly countered, “No, no… I didn’t mean that you can’t beat him! That’s not what I meant!” 
Jory placed his hand on her shoulder, his gaze steady and compelling. “Hey, calm down. I know what you meant. And don’t worry, for there are few who can hurt me after all the years I’ve spent practicing Taekwondo. While that guy is a bit tricky, he still has weaknesses. I’ve got his measure earlier, so I’ll be able to defeat him with just a bit more time…”
Then, he jutted his lips in the direction of his opponent and continued, “Besides, he doesn’t have much stamina. After all, he was the one who requested for an intermission from the referee.” 
Nancy looked at the man as well. Just then, he had rolled up the sleeves of his uniform, revealing the stark contrast of the bulging muscles on his arm with Jory. At that sight, she became increasingly worried. “But…” 
Nonetheless, Jory pressed down on her shoulder lightly and interrupted her with a smile. “No buts. Don’t worry, for no one can stop me when it’s something I want to do. I want to win now, so he’s nothing in my eyes.” 
At that precise moment, the referee again blew his whistle to indicate the end of the intermission. After taking a gulp of water, Jory threw the bottle into the trash can and strode toward the arena.
###Chapter 1736
Chapter 1736 
Nancy held the belt barrier and bit her lower lip in worry. Right at that moment, Jory turned around abruptly, like they were bonded telepathically. “I know what I’m doing. I won’t let him lose so badly.” 
His reassurance was indeed a much-needed shot in the arm. Nancy instantly felt relieved. If Jory says he can, then I should have faith in him! 
Hence, Nancy went back to her seat. The competition was heating up increasingly. Jory’s white uniform moved with his body as he switched his moves from time to time. Nancy and the crowd were fixing their eyes on Jory. 
She could have never imagined Jory, a wealthy heir, sweating it out in a Taekwondo match. He was also the same man who helped her fix her car and took her on a car race. Whichever persona he donned, it was far from the stereotypical image others had of him—flirty. 
Indeed, seeing in believing. This is the real Jory Synder that I see. 
Suddenly, a piercing scream came from the crowd. Her heart tightened when she saw Jory’s opponent launched a flying kick at his shoulder. 
“That was cruel!” Nancy shouted, regardless of others’ strange eyes. If his kick had landed accurately on Jory, with his entire body weight, Jory would have suffered a bone fracture, or worse… 
It was coming down to crunch time for Jory to attack. He grasped the man’s calf and threw him on the ground effortlessly. Fortunately, he wasn’t hurt as it was a rubber floor. 
As Jory had predicted, his opponent had poor stamina. The earlier rounds had drained the latter of his energy. Naturally, the violent hit by Jory earlier knocked him down completely as he remained unmoving, lying on the ground.
While the crowd was cheering for Jory, Nancy couldn’t bring herself to feel happy. She noticed Jory’s subtle move of massaging his left shoulder—where the kick had landed on. 
“How was it? Do you find me attractive?” Jory smiled smugly after his win with his hands on the hips. His little canine teeth were like pearls dazzling in the sun. 
Nancy was not in the mood for jokes. Subconsciously, she reached out to touch Jory’s shoulder. “Your shoulder…” 
Jory was as agile as ever, as though he was still in the match. Before Nancy could reach him, he patted the spot as he exclaimed, “My shoulder is fine!” 
Nancy was doubtful of his words. She raised her hand to pat his shoulder. It looks like he’s speaking the truth. It doesn’t feel swollen nor is it bleeding. 
She punched him sulkily without paying attention to the faint discomfort Jory was feeling. He frowned a little, but he didn’t utter a word. Instead, he teased Nancy with his energetic voice, “It’ll be your turn soon. Perform well later, okay? Don’t lose too miserably.” 
“Hey! What makes you think that I will lose?” Nancy folded her arms across her chest in dissatisfaction. 
Jory grinned mischievously as he bowed down to her. “Please forgive me for my stupid choice of words.” 
Nancy held her head up proudly. “That’s right.” 
Upon seeing her confident demeanor, Jory burst into laughter. Say, my opponent really did give it his all into kicking me. My shoulder was almost crushed. I wonder how long it will take to recover.
###Chapter 1737
Chapter 1737 
Bearing his shoulder pain, Jory continued watching the competition with Nancy. The following matches were full of surprises and excitement. It was even more intense than Jory’s match. 
Even Jory himself had to admit that every contestant was very skilled. Before long, it was almost Nancy’s turn. That was the first time she was so nervous in a competition. 
Her palms were sweating. Jory noticed Nancy became quieter as it was nearing her turn. Thinking that she must be nervous, he wrapped an arm around her in a bid to calm her down. 
“Don’t be afraid. I’m here for you!” His domineering proclamation was a contrast from his child-like appearance. Nancy broke free from his arm and got back to bickering with Jory as usual. “Me? Afraid? Hah! I’m just worried my competition would drag on, causing the crowd to miss their lunch and tea time.” 
Jory raised his hands in surrender. “Fine, fine, fine. Whatever you say. I wish you break a new record.” 
Nancy patted his head earnestly. “Hmm. That’s right. You’re pretty smart.” 
Nancy’s opponent was a fierce-looking woman. One look at her, and Nancy knew that the woman was not one to be messed with. 
That woman seemed to be taking the competition more seriously as compared to Nancy. She didn’t let out a single smile from the moment she entered the sparring arena until they bowed to each other. Nancy was there because Taekwondo was her interest—unlike the others, who were eager to get the provincial certificate of qualification for them to advance to a higher level of competition. 
Seconds before the match was about to begin, millions of thoughts were still running through Nancy’s head. Why the hell am I having all these thoughts when the competition is about to begin! Perhaps, it’s
my way of relieving my anxiety. 
Instinctively, she looked towards the direction of the audience seat, where Jory was sitting. He immediately reassured her with an OK hand gesture when he saw Nancy looking at him. 
Jory can do it. So why can’t I do the same? 
Meanwhile, the girl who sat next to Nancy just now returned to her seat with a glass in her hand. Surprised by Jory’s presence, it took the girl some time before she could react. “Excuse me? Were you the senior from the first match?” 
As Jory was focused on Nancy, he didn’t even realize that the girl was talking to him. Therefore, he did not give her any response. 
The girl didn’t feel awkward at all and took her seat. Jory only noticed there was someone beside him when she sat down. The girl murmured to herself, “You both indeed make a good pair. She was looking at you in the same way just now.” 
Her words snapped Jory back to his senses. Finally, he came to a realization that someone was talking to him. He responded numbly, “Are you talking to me?” 
The girl burst out laughing. “Do you see anyone else around?” 
Jory then looked around and realized their surrounding was almost empty. Most of the contestants had already gone back with their group of friends and relatives after the competition. Therefore, the number of audiences was reducing rapidly. 
Those who remained were either waiting for their turn, or they were Taekwondo enthusiasts.
“I don’t remember seeing you just now. Aren’t you one of the contestants today?” Jory folded his hands on his thigh. “Are you a Taekwondo enthusiast?”
###Chapter 1738
Chapter 1738 
The girl adjusted the blue belt on her waist. “Look. I am a blue belt. How could a blue belt possibly be sparring with you guys? I’m just a rookie who sneaks over from somewhere else to watch you guys’ matches!” 
“Did you just say s-she was looking at me in the exact same way? Just like how I’m looking at her right now?” Jory hesitated. Why am I feeling so embarrassed? It’s only a simple question. It’s not like I can’t deal with this kind of situation. 
“That’s right. But she looks a little more anxious than you. She was sweating bullets throughout the match.” The girl paused for a second before she carried on, “By the way, you guys are so weird. Isn’t it normal for couples to care for each other? Why do you guys behave so awkwardly?” 
Upon hearing that, Jory was at a loss. He didn’t know how to feel. Nancy had rejected him once. Moreover, she was married to Caspian, whom Jory couldn’t recall how the latter looked like. 
No matter how close they were then, it should be nothing more than close friends. Coming to think of it, the reason for my returning to Marsingfill is to target Barrymore Group, no? 
As Dustin was in the picture, he had to take down Larry’s company while executing his plans. At that point, he was unsure of his initial motives anymore. After spending more time with Nancy, he found himself caught in a conflict of interest. Despite so, their interaction for the past few days gave him a feeling he had never experienced before. 
Right then, he no longer had the desire to strike at Barrymore Group anymore. Obviously, Nancy was the reason for the change of heart. Actually, it all started with Nancy’s rejection of their union many years ago. Aggrieved, he decided to take revenge on Barrymore Group.
Couple? That only applies to Nancy and Caspian. I’m suddenly intrigued to meet this guy Caspian. Just what kind of a man is capable of defeating me… 
He became increasingly curious about Caspian—his character and appearance. What is it about him that makes Nancy fall head over heels for him and marry him within a mere three months after knowing each other? 
The more he thought about it, the more tempted he was to meet Caspian. Although it was him who came up with the idea of ruining Norton Corporation, he did it for the sake of Dustin. He was not the least bit interested in Norton Corporation at all—he would do whatever Dustin wanted him to. 
Jory turned his gaze to Nancy. As the match went on, Nancy’s stamina was visibly running low. Her opponent is indeed powerful. She didn’t do any additional training since the last time we went to dojo together. Can she take it? 
Nancy was a little stressed to face such a strong opponent. The woman seemed to be more powerful than her, albeit just to a limited extent. If they were worlds apart in their skills, Nancy would definitely choose to give up. However, they were more or less equal, so there was no way she would admit defeat. 
After a moment of confrontation, her opponent was clearly impatient, and she tried to lock Nancy down to the ground a few times. Fortunately, Nancy was agile enough to shun her opponent. 
Nancy didn’t have the strength to launch an attack on her. Hence, all she could do was stay calm and identify the opponent’s weakness. Just like Jory did—I have to find her weakness. There’s got to be another way! 
As she was thinking to herself, her opponent raised her hand suddenly and requested a short break from the referee. Nancy was confused. It has just started not long ago. She is asking for a break
already? What is wrong with her? 
The woman suddenly turned around and gave Nancy a wicked smile while she was grabbing a towel. Her opponent was far from good-looking, and her smile made her look even scarier. Nancy had chills all over her body upon seeing her smile. 
Despite so, Nancy understood clearly that the smile was a show of contempt.
###Chapter 1739
Chapter 1739 
The woman was mocking Nancy for overestimating herself. They were both black belt holders in Taekwondo. After their brief exchange earlier, the opponent was confident that Nancy wasn’t as good as her. Hence, she couldn’t help mocking Nancy. 
“Hey! What are you thinking?” Jory, who was standing behind her, reached out to ruffle her hair. 
Nancy’s eyes widened in surprise. As a black belt holder, she should have maintained sharp senses. She couldn’t believe that she failed to notice Jory’s presence. “How long have you been here?” 
Jory placed his hands on the belt barrier. “Since your opponent smiled at you.” 
“You saw it?” Nancy tilted her head and asked, “Do you know what she meant?” 
Jory smiled as well. “Of course I know…” 
“Then tell me.” Nancy was looking forward to hearing his answer. However, Jory stood up straight with an unfathomable expression. “No, I’m not telling you. I’m afraid that you will be upset. Besides, I believe you actually know what she meant too.” 
Nancy sighed as she shook her head. “Jory, we’ve just known each other for a short period of time. How can you understand me so well?” 
At once, the smile on Jory’s face became stiff as his tone turned cold and serious. “A short period of time? How could that be? We had known each other since our engagement.” 
It was words that he had been keeping to himself. He never had the intention of messing up with her life. Initially, he was going to bury those words inside his heart for good. Unexpectedly, he blurted out at such an inappropriate timing.
The atmosphere turned awkward instantly. Moments later, Jory broke the silence. His voice was still resonant as he encouraged Nancy, “Remember how I clasped you tightly as I turned around when we were sparring? I know it’s not that easy, but you’re a quick learner. Since you’ve experienced it yourself, it shouldn’t be a problem for you to master the tactic.” 
The images of their practice flashed in her mind. Jory’s words rang in her ears once again, “Even if your opponent is stronger than you, the move could save you from a nasty defeat—ending in a tie.” 
Oh my goodness! He even notices this! There is no reason for me to doubt his judgment. Nancy’s lips curved into a proud smile. “I don’t want to end it in a tie. I will not let that happen. Just wait and see. I will turn the table!” 
After the referee blew the whistle, the match continued. Jory went back to the seat. Meanwhile, the girl beside him was enjoying her large glass of juice. When she saw Jory, she immediately went over and asked, “What did you say to make her spirit lift?” 
Nancy almost got defeated by her opponent just now, but she was suddenly full of beans. She made a series of counter-attacks against her opponent. The woman didn’t even know how to fight back. Jory was proud of Nancy. “I was just encouraging her and steering her to the right way.” 
The girl didn’t understand a single word. Hence, she bit the straw and turned her head to the competition. With clenched fists, Jory was shouting in his mind. Take her down! Don’t waste time anymore. Your stamina and strength are depleting. 
In the next second, Nancy clasped her opponent and pinned her to the ground with all her might. At the sight of this, the crowd went into an uproar. Some of them were cheering for Nancy, while some were encouraging the woman to stand up. If the latter managed to break free of Nancy’s grip, then there would be no chance for Nancy to defeat her anymore.
Everyone was paying close attention to the arena. It was not long before the woman requested to end the match immediately. With that, the match was concluded. Nancy was the winner!
###Chapter 1740
Chapter 1740 
“Oh my God! What kind of tactic is that. My instructor has never taught me that. She is amazing!” The girl couldn’t stop praising Nancy. 
Jory was overwhelmed with pride. “We should use different tactics against different opponents. We should be flexible and innovative—knowing to change easily and adapt to different conditions and circumstances as they occur. Taekwondo develops our agility, as well as improves physical balance and coordination. It should also enhance our flexibility and adaptability in overcoming challenges.” 
The girl’s eyes beamed with admiration. That was an insight Jory had gained after years of practicing Taekwondo. Growing up, he had always loved Taekwondo. As such, those principles and understandings were deeply etched in his heart for a long time. 
Nancy was worn up. She had exerted all her energy to clasp her opponent just now. While the crowd was cheering for her, she could only sit there gasping heavily for air. However, she didn’t forget to give Jory an OK gesture. She was telling him that she was fine—she finally made it. 
Jory quickly rushed towards the sparring arena and crouched down beside Nancy. He gave her a thumbs up. At that moment, both of them didn’t say anything but exchange a knowing smile—no words needed. 
“It’s getting late. Let’s go get changed and go back.” Jory held her arms and helped her to get up. 
The scenes when she was sparring just now flashed through her mind like a movie. Jory was too careless to notice Nancy frowning when she stood up. 
She accidentally sprained her ankle due to overexertion in the competition earlier. For that reason, she actually leaned her entire body weight on her opponent.
Who would have thought her sprained ankle was actually the reason why she won the competition! What an awkward situation. 
Luckily, Jory didn’t realize anything. If he found out about that, he would definitely make fun of me. 
After that, she forcibly stumbled her way to the changing room. She sat on the bench to take a look at her leg. Her right ankle was red and swollen like a bump on the road. 
“Ouch…” Nancy howled in pain. Oh dear, it’s so swollen! I can hardly put on my shoes, let alone walk on my feet. It’s so painful! Tears began to well up in her eyes. 
“I should have just admitted defeat. At least I won’t injure my foot,” Nancy mumbled softly to herself. But if she could go back in time, she would still do the same. 
Jory was really quick at changing clothes. He tidied himself up neatly and waited for Nancy outside the changing room. 
“Are you done? I’m waiting for you here. I’ll give you a lift later.” 
Meanwhile, Nancy was still struggling to put on her clothes. As Jory said that, she was trying to think of an excuse to send him off. 
“Actually, you don’t have to wait for me. I still need to use the washroom after I get dressed. You can go back first if you’re in a rush.” 
Jory was confused. “Rush? What’s the rush? It’s fine. I will sit down and wait for you. Besides, you didn’t drive today. I will give you a ride.” 
“Oh… Okay then.” At that moment, she had no choice but to agree with him. She just hoped that his patience would slowly wear thin and leave after waiting for a long time.
Nancy had been on Facebook for half an hour inside the changing room before hearing Jory’s voice. He voiced out worriedly, “Are you okay? What’s taking you so long?” 
She hurriedly put her phone back into her bag and replied, “I’m fine! I’m coming out in a minute!” Instinctively, she got up from the bench and subconsciously placing her weight on her injured foot. As a result, she lost her balance and fell to the ground.
###Chapter 1741
Chapter 1741 
Jory was standing in front of the door of the changing room. His shoulders raised slightly when he heard a loud noise from inside. At once, he knew that Nancy had fallen onto the ground. 
Jory rested his hand on the doorknob. He was so close to open the door. However, he was a well- mannered man to the core. Hence, he stopped himself from breaking in. 
“What’s wrong? What happened?” 
When it rains, it pours. I totally forgot I am actually injured. I couldn’t even stand up now. I guess I have no choice now but to rely on Jory. 
“I-I fell…” For some reason, Nancy sounded aggrieved at that moment. I am a formidable black belt holder, so how did I end up in this predicament? 
Jory’s heart clenched tightly. Without any hesitation, he opened the door. 
Nancy sat weakly and limply on the floor. She raised her head and looked at the man who was walking in. She couldn’t see his face clearly, but she could see the sweats on his forehead glowing under the lights. 
“Why are you sweating so much? Aren’t those air conditioners working?” She asked with a puzzled look. 
Jory crouched down to Nancy’s eyes level. “Are you stupid? You were the last contestant. Of course, they will switch off the air conditioners after the competition is over.” 
“Oh? Then, you…” All of a sudden, Nancy was overwhelmed with guilt.
Jory wiped the sweats off his forehead. “That’s right. It’s hot and stuffy out there. And yet, someone was purposely dilly-dallying inside and refused to come out…” 
Nancy stared at her injured ankle. She didn’t know what to say. Perhaps, karma was coming back at her. She tried to make Jory leave on purpose. Unfortunately, she fell once again and aggravated the swelling on her ankle. 
Jory casually placed his hand on Nancy’s knee. He heaved a soft sigh and said with an indescribably affectionate tone, “Hey, can you stand up?” 
Nancy shook her head in despair. It was a striking contrast with her haughty attitude when they first met. Jory found it amusing that she was trying to hide her injury from him. At that, he approached her with a helpless grin. 
Knowing what he was going to do next, Nancy instinctively shrank back a little. But, Jory stared intensely at her. She couldn’t help feeling weak and helpless. 
Jory turned around and showed her his wide shoulders. “Get on my back,” he said casually as if it was not a big deal to him. 
Nancy was hesitant. After all, it was an intimate gesture. Apart from that, she was married to Caspian. 
Jory could read her mind even he was facing away from her. Thus, he pretended to be indifferent and said, “Otherwise, I can call 120 and let them carry you home with a stretcher. Choose one.” 
I will go with the stretcher. She was about to speak her mind before she quickly swallowed back the words. Then, she obediently rode on Jory’s back. She didn’t wrap her arms around his neck. Instead, she placed her palms on Jory’s shoulders. As for Jory, he held the drawstring of his pants tightly while carrying her without the intention to take any advantage of her.
“You don’t look fat. But why are you so heavy?” Jory exclaimed in surprise as he stood up, “You weigh like a thousand pounds! Are you a pig?” 
Nancy pinched his ears. “What did you just say? Who did you just call pig? I dare you to say that again!” 
Jory howled in pain, “Hey! You’re pulling my ears and threatening me. Get down and walk back yourself if you’re that great!” 
On the other side, Joan was quietly turning the keys as she unlocked the door. She was afraid of waking Larry up. Then, she sneakily pushed the door open, holding her breath. So, am I feeling guilty? As Joan thought about it, she gritted her teeth and closed the door carefully.
###Chapter 1742
Chapter 1742 
Her surrounding was pitch dark. She took a breather while she leaned against the door. As she was about to turn on the lights, a deep cough sounded from behind her. 
The room brightened in an instant, which forced her eyes to shut in reflex. 
“Seems like someone doesn’t feel the need to let me know that they had left. They didn’t even bother to let me know when they’re back,” Larry complained. 
Joan got nervous and started to stutter. “I-I was afraid of waking you up. There are already a lot of problems at the company. I don’t want to add on to your burden.” 
Joan felt a tinge of guilt in her heart for lying to Larry. Larry, on the other hand, seemed to have seen through her lie. 
“Really? Then why don’t you fill me in now?” Larry maintained a poker face when he asked. 
Joan tilted her head slightly and replied with a wide smile, “Make a guess.” 
Never had she acted this coy before; she would be utterly embarrassed if they were in public. 
“It’s alright. I don’t want to know anyway.” The sarcastic undertones in his words were apparent. 
Oh, dear… I’m dead meat. No! I must stand up against him! 
Alas! She couldn’t bring herself to defy Larry as she tugged the latter’s arm coyly. 
“Okay. Please don’t be angry. I’ll tell you, okay? Do you want to know?” she said in a coquettish voice.
That was exactly the reaction that Larry was expecting from her. He could have guessed where she went, but what he wanted was for her to show her honesty. 
“Sure,” he replied with a nasal voice. 
Joan lifted her head to look at him with her sparkling eyes. “Well… You’d have to promise me not to get mad!” 
“You went to find Dustin, right?” 
She opened her mouth in shock. “Y-You knew?” 
Larry flicked a finger at her forehead. “I guessed it. How could you do that behind my back?” 
Joan sighed. “I only wanted to find out the truth. I believe that Dustin is a good person. He wouldn’t do anything to harm others.” 
What I knew for sure was that he would not do anything to harm you. Larry did not say it out to Joan as he wanted to protect her. 
“I wish that you’d remain this innocent,” Larry muttered and stared out blankly. “Huh? What did you say?” Joan was confused. 
I hope for you to remember the good side of Dustin. It would be tiring for you to hate someone whom you used to trust. 
Larry remained silent as he reached out to hug Joan and caressed her back. Joan returned his hug by encircling her arms around his waist. The world is too complicated; Larry’s embrace was her only sanctuary.
“At the moment, all activities and Alpire Group’s acquisition are put on a halt. Other than their recent acquisition of five of our companies, Alpire Group made no other movements. This should give us sufficient time to prepare. Don’t worry. We are heading in a positive direction.” Joan felt his warm breath above her head as he spoke.
###Chapter 1743
Chapter 1743 
“I only hope for the best,” Joan told Larry. 
Joan buried her head into Larry’s embrace and listened to his strong heartbeat. “I’m willing to share your heavy burdens with you.” 
At Jory’s office. 
Dustin threw a stack of newspapers onto Jory’s desk and asked agitatedly, “What is going on?” 
Jory briefly scanned the headlines on the newspapers: Acquisition of Norton Corporation Put On Halt! 
“What are you worrying about? I’m only slowing down but not aborting this plan. As for the stock prices…” Jory’s gaze shifted from the phone screen to the newspapers and back. “They’re stable at the rock bottom. I don’t think it’s something that you should be alarmed by.” 
“What I wanted to ask was why did you put a halt onto the plan?” 
“I-I…” Jory hesitated for a moment. He raised his brows at Dustin and explained, “Because I want her to be happy. Seeing her in a miserable state breaks my heart.” 
Dustin was bewildered. He tilted his head and asked, “Her? Do you mean that girl who refused to marry you?” 
Jory’s heart skipped a beat as he had never mentioned anything about Nancy to Dustin, including the rejection he faced. 
“How did you know?” 
Dustin smirked. “You told me when you were sleep-talking.”
What? He had indeed been dozing off in the office. However, was it possible that he let it slip during his nap? 
“So I’m guessing that your secret plan is related to this.” 
Dustin was smart indeed, as he had connected the dots intuitively. However, Jory doubted that he had said her name out. 
Dustin pressed his lips into a smile and said, “Don’t worry. You did not tell me exactly who it is. Though I did not know much, I was able to guess it.” 
Jory placed his right elbow on the desk and rested his head on it while his fingers lightly tapped on the newspapers. “You know me the best.” 
“Well, we’ve already known each other for more than a decade. The younger me would’ve never imagined that the kid who used to follow me around to play such a critical role in fulfilling my goals,” Dustin said as he leaned against the chair across Jory, giving off an aura of a gentleman. 
The beat of Jory’s tapping accelerated. “Well, everyone has their strengths and weaknesses. I’m just doing what I like. Unlike you, who is perfectly all rounded.” 
Dustin sighed. “I’m not that great either. I have been the center of gossips since young. From then on, I have been drifting further away from my initial ambition of being a doctor.” 
Jory leaned back on the chair leisurely and stretched his back lazily. “And it’s all due to you falling for someone who doesn’t feel the same.” 
He felt a wave of sharp pain as he was stretching and whined. Dustin was puzzled, so he asked, “What happened? Are you okay?”
“I’m fine. I got kicked a few days back,” Jory said indifferently. 
“Wow. That person must have some guts to kick the man who holds a Taekwondo black belt. If you’re injured, it only means that person is paralyzed,” Dustin joked. 
Jory formed a fist with both hands and said, “Thank you for your compliment. However, that person also holds a black belt in Taekwondo. In fact, that person is stronger than me.” 
“So you went to a competition? Did you manage to defeat him?” Dustin was more relaxed and spoke in a more friendly tone. 
Jory replied while adjusting his hairstyle, “I’m just joking. Who am I? Do I look like the type to let him off without any injury?”
###Chapter 1744
Chapter 1744 
Jory saw Dustin’s smirk and elaborated, “I was focused on defending, but I still won.” 
“Let me guess. You were not alone.” Dustin’s question threw Jory off guard. 
“W-What?” Jory’s face flushed. 
Dustin rolled the newspapers into a stick and fumbled with it. “You’re not the type to waste time on meaningless stuff, so…” 
Dustin’s voice trailed off. It was clear what he was getting at—it was as if he could see through Jory. 
Dustin ignored Jory’s look of surprise and continued, “Furthermore, your actions earlier on—your trembling voice, pale lips, and flushed face—it must’ve been someone special.” 
“You’re an impeccable doctor—very observant,” Jory praised. 
Dustin tossed the newspaper into the bin and stood up abruptly. “Alright. I shall not probe you further. Bye.” 
Jory knew that Dustin did not like to pressure others into answering his questions and appreciated his understanding. Both of them practically grew up together and attended the same college. They had a strong bond despite Dustin being older than Jory by three years. 
He would give his utmost support for anything that Dustin wanted to do. 
His phone screen lit up before he tapped on it—it was a text from Nancy: Take a look at the updated name list through this link!
Jory’s lips curled into a bright smile as he pictured Nancy’s excitement from the text. If it were in the past, he would be elated at the news because of Taekwondo, but he was actually delighted because of her. 
It would be lovely for the time to stop at that moment where everyone still had positive relationships with each other. 
Caspian had been staying at the office for several days, and he was worn out. When he returned home, he found Nancy, who was recovering from her leg injury. 
“Nancy, what happened to your leg?” he asked as he closed the door and hurried towards her. 
Nancy was seated comfortably on the couch while scrolling on her phone and chewing gum casually. Her injured leg was wrapped in a bandage and leveled on a wooden stool. 
She paused her movements as she saw Caspian approach her. 
“No big deal. I was injured while practicing Taekwondo,” she replied. 
However, Caspian’s face darkened. Since they were married, Caspian has been expressing his disapproval for her to continue practicing Taekwondo. He believed that he was capable of protecting her. 
Caspian was a traditional guy—he believed that men should protect their country and their loved ones. Nancy’s achievement in Taekwondo was something for leisure, as he expected for her to morph into the role of a loving wife after marriage. 
He was not pleased that Nancy continued with Taekwondo, and this injury definitely deepened his displeasure towards it.
“Nancy, could you please stop practicing Taekwondo? You’ve already achieved the highest ranking for it, so it’s about time you…”
###Chapter 1745
Chapter 1745 
“So what if I have a black belt already? There’s something called lifelong learning. It’s the same for Taekwondo—to constantly compete with people who are stronger than us—the competitive spirit of sports. How could I give up after one failure.” 
He did not have a high educational background, nor was he good with words. Hence, Nancy would often gain an upper advantage when it came to defending her own decisions. 
However, at that point, both of them were brooding on the topic of Taekwondo—Nancy insisted that she wanted to continue, while Caspian insisted for her to quit. 
Caspian was fuming with rage as he sensed that Nancy would drift away from him if she continued to practice Taekwondo. 
“I want you to stop.” This time around, his tone was sterner. 
“You want me to give up?” Nancy clarified as she did not expect Caspian to be so persistent. 
Caspian avoided her gaze and moved forward to check out her injury. However, Nancy moved her leg off the stool to avoid his hands. He froze in position as he was taken aback. 
“Does it mean that I’d have to stop doing whatever you’re unhappy with in the future?” Nancy questioned. 
“You know that’s not what I meant,” Caspian explained frantically. 
“Then what do you mean?” Nancy asked in a gentler tone as she noticed his apologetic expression.
“I think that as a wife, you should place your family first. Look at this. You’ve injured your leg because of Taekwondo. It’s causing unnecessary issues. If you had quit the sport earlier, you wouldn’t have injured yourself.” 
That was the day that Caspian spoke the most fluently in his entire life—even he himself felt convinced by his words. However, it seemed to fuel Nancy’s rage. 
“Unnecessary? What are you saying? I don’t understand a single word.” Nancy was trying hard not to burst out in anger. 
Nancy stood up. Caspian was worried about her injury and wanted to hold her, so he reached out his arms in an attempt to help her. 
However, Nancy shrugged his hands off and exclaimed, “Do you mean that taking care of me is a burden to you?” 
“Why are you thinking this way? You know that’s not what I meant!” Caspian exclaimed. 
“I’m sorry. I guess I’m not smart enough to understand your words,” she said sarcastically. She adjusted her slippers and explained, “All I feel was your lack of understanding towards my hobby and your disdain towards me. Don’t worry. I won’t bother you with my injury. You should use the time to help Larry instead.” 
She headed to the room without turning back. 
Caspian could not comprehend the situation and felt that there was an invisible wall between Nancy and him. 
He sat on the seat that Nancy was on and felt her warmth—it was as if it could shorten the distance between them.
###Chapter 1746
Chapter 1746 
Nancy leaned her back against the room door, shut her eyes, and bit her lips as she realized that her words were hurtful. She knew that he meant no harm and was concerned about her. 
It felt like there was a shift in the relationship. 
Both of them mulled over their worries in separate rooms for the whole night—perfectly depicting the situation of their relationship. It was a night filled with troubles, and both of them could only look out at the stars through the window. 
“Nancy! Nancy!” 
That was the fourth time Joan called out to Nancy, so she waved in front of Nancy’s face. 
“Huh? Joan, what did you say?” Nancy asked as she regained her senses. 
Joan stirred her coffee and chuckled. “I didn’t say much. On the other hand, you seemed to be troubled. Did you rest well?” 
Nancy shook her head while smiling. “I’m fine. I didn’t sleep well last night.” 
“Oh no. A good night’s sleep is so important. Are you really okay?” Joan exclaimed while she opened a packet of sugar for Nancy. 
Nancy took over the packet of sugar and poured it into her cup. “Thank you, Joan. I’m fine, really.” 
Joan poked her mischievously and probed, “Hey, no need to keep a secret from me, okay?” 
Nancy slowly took a sip of her coffee and asked, “Joan, if you were to injure yourself, who would be the first to help you up?”
“Larry, of course,” Joan replied instantly. 
Nancy’s hand quivered slightly, which caused the teaspoon to knock against the wall of the cup and produced a light clinking sound. 
“What if you fell, but you quarreled with Larry? Would you feel repulsed if he were to help you?” Nancy’s eyes widened in anticipation of Joan’s reply. 
Joan looked into a distance and bit her lips. “Of course not! If he were to help me up, I would feel that he was trying to make up for the quarrel. It’s not usual to catch Larry yielding into others.” 
Nancy’s mind was in a complete mess as she did not feel the way that Joan had described. Instead, she felt disgusted and belligerent. 
Joan sensed that something was off with Nancy and asked cautiously, “What happened? Why are you suddenly asking such questions? Did you quarrel with Caspian?” 
Joan guessed as she found it unusual that Nancy was spacing out and asking such questions. 
Even though Nancy denied it, it seemed like she was actually admitting to it. Joan did not react to the denial and advised, “There are bound to be conflicts in every relationship. It would be boring if a relationship were to be conflict-free. The most important part is for the both of you to be able to reach a compromise.” 
“Should we be compatible to be together?” Nancy questioned. 
Joan smiled and nodded in agreement. “If you were incompatible, how did the both of you end up together? What I meant was to compromise on the differences on the basis that both of you are generally compatible.”
Nancy smiled sheepishly at Joan’s advice, as she already knew. She decided to stop asking such questions and continued sipping her coffee to hide her anxiety. 
“I asked for both of you to wait for me, but y’all already finished your coffee?” Larry exclaimed as he held a pretty plate with a toasted sandwich.
###Chapter 1747
Chapter 1747 
Larry placed the sandwiches in front of Nancy and asked, “I thought I asked you to bring Caspian along for breakfast. What happened? Is he still asleep?” 
“He is not in a good mood recently and is resting at home,” Nancy lied. The truth was that she intentionally kept it from Caspian when Joan texted her. Regardless, she felt guilty for lying about it. 
“Hmm… Indeed. The company must’ve been busy recently. Let him rest then. I hope he can consider returning to help me out when he’s available. Furthermore, the situation at my company has stabilized.” 
Nancy’s eyes widened. “Really? There are improvements? That’s great news! Congrats, Larry. All your efforts were worthwhile. Let’s get together again when this ends. My treat. I need to make a move now to prepare for my plans later.” 
She spoke speedily while Larry and Joan exchanged glances. Joan wanted to speak but was stopped by Larry. 
Nancy gave them a bright smile and left in a hurry. As Joan watched Nancy leave, she asked Larry, “Why did you stop me from asking her to stay?” 
Larry narrowed his eyes and exclaimed, “I thought you said that a woman knows another woman the best. It’s already so obvious. Do you really need me to tell it straight to you?” 
Joan hesitated for quite some time and finally said, “A-Actually… I am not certain and don’t wish to think that way.” 
“She avoided all questions relating to Caspian, averted her gaze, and stuttered.” Larry summarized.
“It seems like there’s really a problem!” Larry and Joan exclaimed in unison, pursed their lips, and nodded at the same time. 
Nancy drove her Bentley back through the same route and was stuck in a traffic jam, causing her to be irritated. 
A sudden thought crossed her mind, so she turned her stirring wheel and drove towards a less crowded alley. 
Unexpectedly, that path was smooth with few pedestrians. It saved her a lot of time. 
It was morning in Marsingfill when everyone was rushing like ants trying to move their house when it rained—in a calm and orderly fashion. 
After passing a small street, she managed to drive smoothly through the alley. 
He would come. He would not come. He… Ugh! Whether he appears or not, it’s none of my business! 
Nancy growled in her heart. A black dot appeared in her vision. As she got closer, she figured that it was a car. That moment, her head exploded. 
She felt so frustrated that someone drove in the opposite direction and stopped their car in the middle of the road. However, she knew who that annoying person was. 
It was Jory. 
It was the exact Volkswagen that she had made fun of. He was in the backseat of the car waving to her. 
She knew she should not head in that direction, but she could not stop her heart from favoring him.
Jory was like a band aid—he sealed her wounds and healed her troubles, protecting her happiness. It was like the sky instantly cleared up after a storm with a rainbow across the sky whenever she sees him.
###Chapter 1748
Chapter 1748 
She had never had these feelings from Caspian. If what Caspian could offer to her was a peaceful and stable life, what Jory could offer was the happiness every girl dreamed of. 
She braked slowly. While her car rolled to a gradual stop, Jory also opened the car door and alighted. Nancy also switched off the car engine and pushed the car door open with trembling hands. 
When she saw him, she did not say anything. She was still immersed in her light-heartedness and joyful mood. With his hands crossed behind his back, Jory strode toward her. “Miss, why are you just smiling? Shouldn’t you ask me something?” 
“Huh? Am I smiling?” Nancy suddenly returned to her senses. 
“Yeah.” Jory nodded. “A particular person kept smiling the moment she sees me. Her eyes are crinkling into crescents and there’s a huge grin plastered on her face.” 
“Nonsense!” rebuked Nancy directly. 
However, Jory was even more direct with his response. Smiling warmly, he replied, “You look so beautiful when you smile.” 
Only then did she raise her eyebrows in satisfaction. “That’s more like it… Oh, right! Why did you stop your car here? You’re blocking the road, making it inconvenient for people to pass through.” 
Jory yawned. “There’s only you here.” 
As if she had discovered a loophole, she raised her voice and exclaimed, “So you’re deliberately blocking me, huh? Don’t you know that it’s rude to be in someone’s way? Get your annoying car out of my way!”
Feigning a wronged expression, he patted his car. “I’m innocent! Anyway, this isn’t just an average, annoying car. It’s a Volkswagen!” 
Nancy scanned his car before turning her gaze back to her watch. A look of revelation dawned on her face. “Oh, I understand now. You must’ve been hit by bad karma and your car broke down. That’s why you’re forced to stop here, right?” 
“Nonsense!” Jory rebuked, “Your car’s more likely to break down than mine. Even if you’re right, have you forgotten who repaired your car the previous time?” 
Nancy stared at him for a while. Sporting a normal hairstyle and with a black baseball cap, he did not look like the rich kid she had remembered him to be. In fact, he seemed drastically different from her impression of him. 
Jory scrutinized her. “Why are you staring at me? Is there something on my face?” 
Nancy shook her head and asked him seriously, “I’ve always wanted to ask you a question, but…” 
Looking at how hesitant she was, Jory waved his hands dismissively and said, “Just speak your mind!” 
“You must be very different in the past, right?” It was a question, but Nancy said it so affirmatively as if it was a statement. Back then, she had communicated with him briefly through emails. She knew his history and character extremely well. 
Instead of answering her directly, he beat about the bush. “Hmm… Don’t you know? I think that you’d know better than I would.” 
However, Nancy sighed. “Well, as the saying goes, seeing is believing. Now that I’ve seen you, you’re completely different from how others describe you!”
When their gazes met, sparks flew for a moment. Nancy continued, “You might not believe it, but even I’m confused now. I don’t know which version to believe anymore…” 
“Well, you chose to believe someone else back then.” Jory choked up. 
Nancy hit him suddenly. “Hey, you aren’t still hung up over how I rejected your marriage proposal, right?” 
Jory’s greatest merit was that he always spoke his mind. Without any hesitation, he admitted honestly, “Of course I’ll remember something as significant as that forever.”
###Chapter 1749
Chapter 1749 
An exasperated look spread across Nancy’s face. “You’re so petty.” 
Jory laughed. “What are you saying? I don’t hate you now…” Perhaps, I hated you before I formally got to know you, but I don’t hate you now… 
Gazing at Nancy’s exasperated look, he continued, “Conversely, I’m extremely grateful for your rejection back then. If you didn’t reject me, I might still be nothing but a spoilt playboy now.” 
“If I didn’t reject the marriage…” repeated Nancy under her breath, “We’ll be…” Realizing that something seemed wrong mid-sentence, she quickly fell silent. 
Jory had an urge to tease her. Smiling flippantly, he probed, “What will we be?” 
Nancy shoved his shoulders and hurried back to her car, while Jory remained standing outside. Looking at her furious look, he felt intrigued. 
“My office is nearby. Would you like to drop by?” 
When Nancy started the car engine, Jory raised his volume. “I even have some great beverages to offer you! It’ll be a pity for you to miss them.” 
Nancy burst out laughing when she heard that. “I don’t know where your office is. Why don’t you lead the way?” 
Just like that, the two cars drove out of the narrow road. 
Meanwhile, at Norton Corporation, Caspian was busy with a huge pile of documents.
“Come in!” he yelled, not even raising his head or bothering to find out who was knocking on the door. He continued immersing himself in his work. 
Larry deliberately walked in quietly. However, as they were such close friends, Caspian knew who he was without even raising his head. He asked, “Boss, are you so free that you have the time to visit me?” 
However, Larry replied, “I should be asking you that question.” 
Seeing Caspian raise his head away from the pile of documents in a puzzled manner, he continued, “Didn’t I tell Nancy to stop you from coming? You’re extremely busy recently, so you need to take a good break.” 
When he saw a solemn look creep into Caspian’s eyes, he inferred, “She didn’t tell you, right?” 
Even at such a moment, Caspian still did not want others to worry about him. He quickly defended Nancy, “No, she told me already, but I insisted on coming. We want to help you as much as we can…” 
Larry scoffed, “Nonsense. After all our years of friendship, I know you very well. Just tell me honestly, why did you argue with her? Is there a problem so significant that both of you can’t resolve it as a married couple?” 
“Actually, it’s nothing… We just feel tired of being with each other all of a sudden. Both of us are no longer as carefree as before.” Caspian’s tone sounded sad, but he was trying his best to control his emotions and preventing himself from erupting into an outburst in front of Larry. 
Larry did not know how to console him. Although he knew that it was normal for couples to have conflicts. Even when Joan and Dustin were being ambiguous, he did not feel like giving up on the relationship. But instead, he was jealous and furious.
Caspian and Nancy were obviously facing a different situation. After thinking about it, he asked cautiously, “I’ve experienced something similar before too. When I was in such a despondent state then, you and Nancy pulled me out of the slump. Why aren’t the both of you able to overcome this obstacle?” 
Both of them fell into silence. Larry started tidying the documents that were messily strewn across the desk. Suddenly, something Caspian said shocked him so much that he almost dropped the documents. 
“Boss, what does having a divorce mean?” 
Surprised, Larry chided, “Are you out of your mind? Why are you having such a crazy thought?” 
When Caspian saw how furious he was, he quickly explained, “Boss, I just want to know. I’ve never thought about something like that before…” 
“It’s best that such thoughts will never cross your mind. If you dare to contemplate about them, I’ll definitely break your leg!” Larry knew that Caspian treated him as his brother since his father had been long gone. Hence, he believed that Caspian would definitely treat his words with importance.
###Chapter 1750
Chapter 1750 
However, he still explained, “A divorce represents the end of a relationship. It’s also the starting point for both parties to begin their new paths in life. After a divorce, both will have nothing to do with each other—they’re even.” 
Caspian felt a chill run down his spine when he heard that. Even when he was on the battlefield, he had not experienced such fear before. Describing his current emotions as being terrified or scared was an understatement of how he was actually feeling. 
“No matter how many misunderstandings I have with Joan; no matter how angry we are with each other, we’ve never thought of divorce. It’s a very serious term. None of us can handle its consequences…” 
Caspian waved his hands. “I only wanted to ask about it. I’ve never thought about it before, so what are you talking about? It’s only a minor conflict. I’m sure that everything will be fine after we talk it out. “ 
Larry wanted to say something, but his phone’s ringing interrupted his words. When he picked up the call, the other party hung up immediately. He glanced at the number before turning around and said to Caspian, who was still immersed in his work, “I hope that you’ll remember what you said today. As long as there’s a solution, you mustn’t resort to the worst option.” 
“I know,” replied Caspian heavily, his voice laden with listlessness. 
Larry placed a hand on Caspian’s shoulder. “I know that it’s tiring, but as a man, you should shoulder the responsibility. Whenever appropriate, you should give in toward the person you love.” 
When Caspian heard it, he nodded. Larry smiled at him and continued, “I’ve got something else to attend to, so I’ll take my leave now. You can just leave early for the day. You need to rest well, okay?”
“I’ll leave after a while. Don’t worry.” Caspian tidied the documents and placed them at the edge of the desk neatly. 
After Larry left, Caspian stopped tidying the documents. He raised his head and gazed at the two figures in the photograph. Although it looked the same, he felt distanced. Everything seemed so unreal. 
Suddenly, he felt a wave of disappointment rise within him, and his heart started to ache. He had an abrupt premonition that the peace right now was just superficial, just like the hidden dangers that lurked underneath the calm surface of the ocean. 
However, he shook his head violently. Caspian, what nonsense are you thinking about? That’s weird. Don’t women tend to overthink more? Why is a man like me being so melodramatic? It’s just a minor argument! Naturally, I have to be forgiving toward my wife. I should just give in to Nancy and resolve the conflict. 
He scrolled through his contacts and looked for a friend’s number. The person picked up the call soon. 
“Help me order a bouquet of tulips, thank you.” 
Gabriella stood outside Jory’s office, wearing a red, body-hugging dress. Peering through the window, she saw that there was no one inside. As the door was not locked, she pushed it open and entered without hesitation. 
Jory’s office was clean and neat. To put it more specifically, there were no important documents inside at all. Instead of an office, it looked more like a study. 
She grabbed a thick book placed on the shelf. There was not a single speck of dust on the cover. Could it be that this dude takes some time off to read every day? He keeps concealing his identity from me
and acting all mysteriously. When he speaks, he sounds like an ignorant hooligan. Why is he reading books and pretending that he’s a cultured man? 
Gabriella had to admit that she was even more curious about this mysterious man now. 
She roamed around Jory’s office but did not find any reports or information on Norton Corporation. There was no news about the market’s current situation either. 
She did not know what Jory instructed her to install on Joan’s phone. Although she would come over to “harass” Jory every now and then, he was completely not interested in her at all.
###Chapter 1751
Chapter 1751 
The computer on the desk attracted Gabriella’s gaze. She had tried to unlock his computer before, but as expected, his password was too secure to be hacked. 
Gabriella used to be the heiress of a rich family. If she ever wanted something, others would bestow it to her right away. Not even a two-factor authentication system could faze her. If she wanted to hack it, there would definitely be a group of highly skilled hackers rushing to unlock it for her. 
Yet, times had changed. The more she thought about it, the angrier she became. She slammed her right fist on Jory’s desk so forcefully that the computer trembled as well. 
Gabriella walked toward the water dispenser, poured herself a cup of warm water, and sat on the couch leisurely, waiting for Jory to return. Since he did not lock the door, it meant that he would certainly return. 
“An office building?” Nancy looked at Jory, puzzled. “Didn’t you say that you’re bringing me to your office? Why are we at a random building?” 
Jory pressed a button on the lift. “Yeah, my office’s here.” 
“I thought that your office would be at Alpire Group…” Nancy teased, “I’d assume that the son of Alpire Group’s chairman would at least be the general manager.” 
Jory placed his arms on his waist. “You’re overthinking it. Do you think that the old man would willingly pass the position to me after I fell out with him? My family practices a merit-based system, not a hereditary one.” 
Deep in thought, Nancy nodded. “Yeah, that sounds about right. The position of chairman or general manager must be reserved for talented and capable people.”
Jory nodded subconsciously but soon discovered the implicit message hidden in her words. He even foolishly agreed to what she said. Pinching her cheek gently, he said, “Are you saying that I’m neither talented nor capable?” 
As he was pinching her cheek, Nancy said playfully, “That’s what you said. I didn’t say anything…” 
The sensation of Nancy’s face against his hand felt good. He snorted coldly, “Forget it. I’m in a good mood today, so I won’t make a fuss about it.” 
Nancy clutched her face. “Why isn’t your relationship with your family good?” 
“Our relationship isn’t good?” Jory raised his eyebrows. “What makes you think so?” 
“Isn’t it so obvious? It’s almost as if it’s written all over your face?” As Nancy spoke, she pointed at her own face. 
The lift stopped on the thirteenth floor and they walked out. Jory rolled his eyes. “I’m relying on my own capabilities to support myself. I’m not like other rich heirs who can only inherit their father’s business and leech off them!” 
He was indirectly hinting at Larry. After he gathered information about Larry, he subconsciously labeled him as such a person. To be honest, he could not figure out why Joan would rather be with a leech like him than an educated and intelligent man like Dustin. 
Thinking that he was mocking her, Nancy asked, “Are you saying that I’m not capable of anything and am only relying on my father to enjoy the rest of my life?” 
Jory did not expect her to think that way. “Huh? That’s not what I meant. Even if you didn’t rely on your family, you can still earn a living by working as a Taekwondo coach.”
Nancy did not expect him to react so quickly. She was deliberately putting him in a tight spot, but he could react so swiftly. His words were very tactful too. If Caspian were in his shoes, he would definitely stutter, “T-That’s not what I mean. Don’t misunderstand!” 
What’s going on? Why am I comparing these two men who have nothing to do with each other? Am I subconsciously pitting Caspian and Jory against each other?
###Chapter 1752
Chapter 1752 
Deep in thought, Nancy continued to follow behind Jory. Suddenly, he stopped without any warning, causing her to run into his back, almost falling. 
“Why did you stop? Have we reached?” 
From behind, Jory’s body appeared to be very stiff. Even without seeing his face, one could feel the change in the surrounding aura. The lightness and joy that were just present had transformed into a tense atmosphere. 
“Because my mood just worsened.” 
Jory only quietly replied to her with one line. However, Nancy did not understand what he was talking about. Just moments ago, he was still joking around with her in the elevator. He had also said that he was in a good mood, so why was there suddenly such a change? 
Nancy then noticed that he kept blocking her view. Is there something in front? She stepped aside, subconsciously looking at Jory’s expression. He looked calm, but there was an additional layer of hatred in his gaze, and the frown on his forehead was deeper than usual. 
Following his gaze, her eyes landed on an enchanting, beautiful woman sitting on the sofa. She raised the glass in her hand as she gave both of them a smile. With her legs crossed, her red platform heels really emphasized her fairness and charm. 
Her long, wavy hair also fell in front of her chest. At first glance, she seemed to have an exotic kind of beauty. 
“Jory… T-This is…” Stunned, Nancy could only speak slowly.
The woman in front of her seemed to have some special magnetic force. Anyone would be lured to her, like a moth to a flame. 
Suddenly, there was pressure on her wrist as Jory held her back just in time. Dazed, Nancy looked back. However, Jory was still looking at the woman, his gaze full of vigilance and precaution. 
The pressure on her wrist tightened as Jory pulled her back to stand behind him. Clearly, he did not want her to see that woman. 
“I’ve been waiting for you for a long time,” said the woman. Instead of standing up, she simply turned her head to look at them. It looked as if she were the owner of the place and had control over everything. 
Controlling his emotions, Jory lowered his voice and asked, “What are you doing here? Who let you in?” 
“Your door wasn’t locked, so I thought I’d come in to wait for you. I was wondering why your attitude toward me today was different from usual. Looks like it’s because you brought a little girl back here.” Although there was a trace of happiness behind Gabriella’s gaze, a mix of other malicious emotions was present too. 
Nancy remained rooted in shock. What does she mean by his attitude was different from usual? How does he usually act? Does Jory always change his attitude toward others according to different circumstances? 
“Get out. Before I kick you out myself, leave.” 
“Oh? Why does this little lady look so familiar?” Ignoring his words, Gabriella stood up and walked straight toward Nancy.
Jory raised the hand that was grabbing onto Nancy’s wrist, shielding her protectively behind him. 
Gabriella pretended to blame him as she said, “Why’s she so important that you need to protect her this way? Why didn’t you tell me that you have someone so important to you…” 
She then shifted her gaze to Nancy and stared at her for a long time. Gabriella asked, “You look kind of familiar. Do you remember me?” 
Both Nancy and Jory were surprised by her words. Subsequently, Nancy emerged from behind Jory and stood confidently in front of Gabriella. It took her a long time to recall whatever information she knew about this person.
###Chapter 1753
Chapter 1753 
“It’s you? Gabriella… Gabriella Ward?” 
Jory glanced over at Nancy with a slightly surprised look. How did she know her? However, he soon composed himself, making it seem as though nothing had happened. 
“Nancy Barrymore… If I’m not wrong, that’s your name. You’re the daughter of Barrymore Group’s chairman.” Gabriella then stretched out a hand toward Nancy, wanting to give her a handshake. 
Before Nancy could even reach her hand out, Jory had slapped away Gabriella’s outstretched one. If one were close enough, they would be able to see the red marks left behind on Gabriella’s pale hand. 
Instantly, both parties’ eyes had a fiery look to them. From Jory’s aura, one could clearly tell that he disliked Gabriella a lot. 
“Is this how you greet your collaborating partner?” Gabriella asked as she kept on a smile. Compared to the Gabriella of the past, she was now a little calmer. If the same situation had happened before, she would have been tearing her hair out by then. 
“Shut up!” shouted Jory. Never would anyone have expected that Jory would be the one that was stressed out instead. Looks like he doesn’t want Nancy to find out that he’d cooperated with me before. 
Gabriella looked the man up and down. Besides not revealing his name, he had also suggested a collaboration but refused to tell her about its purpose and details. While he knew everything about her, she knew nothing about him. 
However, at that moment, she was no longer totally ignorant. At least she knew then that the mysterious S cared about Nancy very much.
Once a person had something he cared about, he was no longer invulnerable. This was no different for S, who had kept himself hidden. Nancy is his weakness! 
You’re too good at hiding secrets. It makes others want to do whatever they can to unearth them. 
Nancy quickly realized that the two people staring at each other had some unspeakable secret. But didn’t Landon chase Gabriella out of the house? Even if Ward Group and Alpire Group were going to have a collaboration soon, Ward Group would never send Gabriella over to talk to Jory about it. What exactly is going on? Wait, no. She just said, “your collaborating partner.” Was it really some secret collaboration? 
Nancy had only previously heard of some rumors about Larry and Gabriella. However, she had always considered him to be a role model amongst men. As a result, she did not believe the rumors. 
Yet, at that moment, she trusted Jory even more. No matter what secret he had, when faced with Gabriella right then, she had to trust him. 
Consequently, Nancy, who had been silent the whole time, suddenly interrupted the confrontation. One moment, Gabriella was thinking about how a brat like Nancy would react. The next moment, she wanted to catch the ignorant brat and push her to her death. 
“Have you not been able to go home recently, Ms. Ward? Or rather, has Mr. Ward come to pick you?” 
Although her voice sounded sweet, it carried a dangerous undertone. If one was not careful, they might fall into her trap without realizing it. 
That brat actually dared to rub salt into my wounds? Does she have something against me? Or is she purposely siding with Jory to piss me off? Gabriella was not a fool. She was able to tell that Jory did not
want to see her. However, Nancy seemed to be linked to Norton Corporation, making her feel very curious. 
“No. I’m tired of the rich lifestyle. I want to live a life of self-reliance now,” replied Gabriella, trying her best to glamorize her hard life. 
Sensing the familiarity in Gabriella’s words, Jory froze. Isn’t this what I’ve just said earlier in the elevator? Coming to think of it, she and I are really no different… He had a wealthy family and business but did not want to inherit it. Instead, he wanted to live an ordinary person’s life while making it clear that he was self-reliant.
###Chapter 1754
Chapter 1754 
However, the only difference was that even though he was “wandering” around outside, Jory still received money from his father every month, although he had never used it before. In comparison, Gabriella had really been kicked out of her house and had nowhere else to go. 
Jory was very touched when Nancy took his side and stood up for him, for she had not questioned him alongside Gabriella. Instead, she was showing her unconditional trust in him by speaking up for him. 
“So… after you’ve bothered Larry about every little thing, did you change targets?” 
Jory only knew that Gabriella had been kicked out of the house by Landon because of an unspeakable matter and had no interest in knowing what the problem actually was. Thus, he had not bothered about her past before he asked her for help. 
Yet, as soon as Nancy said those words, both Jory and Gabriella’s faces hardened. They had probably wanted to ask why Nancy knew about that. At that moment, Gabriella was raging with fury. She had originally only wanted to knock Nancy off her high horse because she seemed to know nothing. She had not expected that brat to attack her. 
As it happened, it was a mere casual remark from Nancy as she only heard a little about the rumors. Nevertheless, she had never believed anything that was not based on fact. 
Previously, there had been a few times when she asked Joan about it, but the latter always seemed to avoid answering the question. As Nancy was an outsider, it was appropriate for her to continue probing further. Never would she have thought that there would come a day where those rumors would come in handy. Moreover, judging by Gabriella’s expression, it seemed to be true.
At that moment, her focus was no longer about refuting Gabriella. If that rumor was true, exactly what kind of person was its male lead, Larry? 
However, Gabriella was also not one to mess with. She hailed from the Ward family after all. Even if she was at a low point in her life and no one would help her because she had no money, at least she still had her social relations. Hence, she would have heard some news about the Barrymore Group too. Previously, when she was expelled from the Ward family, she happened to hear that the daughter of Barrymore Group and a good friend of Norton Corporation’s president got married. 
That person should’ve been Nancy, so she should already be married. So why’s she standing next to Jory right now? If I didn’t come today, only the two of them would be in this room. 
Bearing that thought in mind, a calm and unscrupulous smile spread across Gabriella’s face. “There are some benefits to being wicked after all. At least, no matter what I’ve done before, I’ve already gotten my punishment, so I don’t feel as guilty. Unlike some people who pretend to be polite and spotless on the surface but are actually unfaithful and have poor morals!” 
Never would Gabriella have thought that there would be a day where she would get so agitated that she spoke that harshly. Even though she had not said a single curse word, she had made the two hypocritical people in front of her become so angry that they were speechless. 
“You!” Jory clenched his fist so tightly that his veins were popping out. His knuckles were white, and it was as if a strong force was prompting him to raise his arm for a strike. 
Nancy then grabbed him on the wrist. Although Gabriella was mocking her, she was so much calmer than Jory was. However, Nancy’s palm on his skin was still cold to the touch, revealing that she was actually very nervous and was angrier than he was.
The two most difficult things to practice in the world were patience and understanding. At that very moment, Nancy was having an internal conflict in managing those two. Gabriella’s words were indeed describing whatever Nancy was doing then. Therefore, while Nancy wanted to rebut her, there was nothing she could refute. 
“Why aren’t you talking? Did I hit the nail on the head and make you feel uncomfortable?” asked Gabriella, taking the opportunity to provoke her even further when Nancy kept silent.
###Chapter 1755
Chapter 1755 
Nancy swallowed. Suppressing the tremors in her heart, she said, “I didn’t do anything wrong. I’m not in an affair. Jory and I are just old friends. We’re not as despicable and dirty as you think!” 
“She’s right. It’s you who keeps coming to my office and disrupting my work. Do you want me to call the police?” Jory said with a stern expression. He was livid, causing others to shudder. 
Gabriella was so furious that she could not speak, her anger hovering like a dark cloud over her head. 
She then smiled at Nancy disdainfully, masking her malice. 
“I really envy you. No matter where you are, some guy will always have your back.” When she was done speaking, Gabriella turned to pick up the handbag on the sofa. As she headed toward the exit, she slammed into Nancy’s shoulder, forcing her a few steps back. 
Gabriella’s strong perfume suffocated Nancy, invading her senses from all directions as if it were deadly poison. 
Although Gabriella had left, her words remained deep in Nancy’s heart. Gabriella was not wrong. She was a greedy, shameless, and unfaithful woman. 
For a long time, Nancy stood still with her hand on Jory’s wrist. He then reached out with his other hand and held hers. Only when his warm palm touched her hand did she snap out of it, freeing her own hand and slowly moving away from Jory. 
“My rebuttal just now… was it powerless? Did I sound unconfident?” she whispered, her voice faint. 
However, Jory did not know how to respond to her. Gabriella’s words had made him understand something. From the beginning, he had ignored Caspian’s existence and that the very person he was
pursuing was not even single. 
As his hands felt weak, he eventually slipped them into his pockets. Throughout his life thus far, Jory had never felt so powerless until then. In the past, he had everything he wanted. Then, when he gave it all up to pursue whatever he wanted to, he still had it all. However, at that moment, he had to admit that he was small and powerless. 
He was powerless to change anything. There was no way to change it. 
“I… am sorry…” Those were the only words that came out of his mouth after a very long time. It was as if he had deliberated for ages before deciding to say it, but simultaneously also seemed to be something he said without thinking. 
Nancy smiled, though it was one of unease and bitterness. “Sorry? What for?” 
Then, both parties fell into silence. As Nancy gazed at Jory, she felt a familiar sense of distance from him. Although he was right in front of her, she felt as though they were very far apart—so far that she would never be able to touch him. 
“Actually… I really like being with you…” 
As soon as Jory heard those words, he felt more secure. It was such an unrealistic feeling that he wondered if he had fallen into a third dimension. 
He was so happy that he simply stared at Nancy, admiring the smile on her face. Her smiling eyes reminded him of pink cherry blossoms. At that moment, her smile was the only thing that mattered. 
Nancy’s dress fluttered beautifully as she walked past him. Jory did not know where he got the confidence and courage from, but the moment she was about to pass by him, he reached for her wrist again.
He held her tightly as though she was going to disappear the next moment and he would never see her again. It was as if he were drowning and holding on to his last chance at survival.
###Chapter 1756
Chapter 1756 
Nancy had originally planned to leave, as Gabriella’s words had made her understand her own situation. She couldn’t be as self-indulgent as Jory was. Besides, she was married then. That was the reason why Gabriella had dared to say those bold words. 
Back then, the failed engagement and her failure to meet and understand Jory were probably due to fate. 
Thus, although Nancy wanted to leave his office in a carefree manner, she realized just then that how difficult it was to pretend to be nonchalant. 
Yet, why had she felt joy the moment he stopped her from leaving? Why did she have a sudden urge to give up everything for him? 
Just then, Jory’s voice rang out, carrying a more solemn and calm tone than usual. Although it was a far cry from his typical image, it was still pleasant to hear. 
“I also really like it…” 
Nancy’s smile widened. Even if he had not said anything, she knew it. Their mutual affection and feelings that they had found their confidant had caused both parties to fall for each other. 
Jory studied her face, his gaze falling on her flowing hair, then on her long eyelashes. Watching him, Nancy saw something in his expression that she had never seen before. She saw gentleness. 
“You…” Jory held her hand and gave her a warm smile. “I wasn’t finished with my sentence. There, you have to connect them for it to be a complete sentence. It’s what I truly want to tell you.”
Tears soon welled up in her eyes, causing her vision to become blurry. All Nancy could feel then was his warmth. 
Jory still understood her even if she had not spoken and could perfectly express what she wanted to say. Considering that they had such deep understanding, it had to be fate. 
Jory then held her hand and turned her body to face him. When he saw the tears on her face, he was dumbfounded and pulled her into a hug. Since she was confused at the moment, he wanted to give her a reliable source of support. 
That hug probably counted as the first real hug he gave her. Nancy’s entire body was wrapped in his, and she could only feel the warmth radiating from his chest. 
Jory stroked her smooth hair and said, “Why are you crying? You’re such a crybaby.” 
Nancy had been contemplating whether or not to raise her hand and hug him back. However, upon hearing those words, she immediately hit him on the back a few times. Since she had just cried, her voice reflected it clearly when she spoke. 
“Y-You’ll be the death of me…” 
Jory did not move, allowing her to let out her anger. “If you die, I’ll join you. There’s no reason for me to continue living in a world without you.” 
He tightened his arm around her as she buried her face in his shoulder. 
“Some things have only just begun, but it’s about time some others ended,” she said in a dull voice, closing her eyes tightly as she tried to force out the image of Caspian’s face in her mind. Nancy was about to make a selfish decision that would be the root of his pain.
The more guilty she felt, the more she told herself that perhaps everything had been wrong since the very beginning. At that moment, she was resolved to try her best to remedy that mistake. 
In Nancy’s lifetime, she had met two men. The first was Caspian, and the other was Jory, who had become a changed man. The moment they appeared, they had easily changed her life. 
Nancy stood outside the door, reaching for the keys in her bag. As there had been a fight, she reminded herself repeatedly to bring the keys when she left home. This was so that he would not trouble Caspian to unlock the door. However, the hand which was reaching for her keys suddenly paused. She pondered for a moment, then knocked on the door. It’ll probably be less awkward if it starts off this way. 
Knock knock knock. 
Three knocks later, still no one came to the door. Annoyed, she could only be thankful that she had brought her keys out. Otherwise, she would have to continue waiting outside.
###Chapter 1757
Chapter 1757 
She gingerly turned the key in the lock, and after a few audible clicks, the door opened. Her heart was still pounding in her heart, and she could hear the sound reverberate through her entire body. 
As she was removing her shoes, she suddenly felt the presence of a suspicious dark shadow inching toward her. When it finally got near her, a bouquet of golden tulips was suddenly thrust in her face. 
Nancy screamed in terror. 
“Surprise!” 
How is that a surprise? Is this guy trying to scare me to death? Despite being well-versed in Taekwondo, Nancy had been feeling so guilty and terrified that she couldn’t even react when Caspian jumped out to surprise her. 
Caspian was still grinning like a Cheshire cat as he shoved the bouquet into her hands. “What’s the matter? Did I scare you? I only wanted to give you a surprise. I didn’t think I’d… “ 
“It’s ok. I understand,” she replied. The more subservient he was toward her, the more her heart weighed with guilt and anxiety. The beautiful tulips were such a stark contrast to her mood—their bright, golden color being even more dazzling than the sun. 
Nancy smiled faintly and hugged Caspian. A hug could never make up for what she owed him, but that would have to do for then. Even though Caspian was taken aback by this unexpected behavior, he secretly praised himself for having made the right decision to buy Nancy flowers. After all, women were emotional creatures who needed to be coaxed and spoiled. 
The more he thought of how clever he was, the more he beamed with pride. Since Nancy had taken the initiative to make up with him, Caspian knew he should return the favor. Like Larry and Joan had
said, it was common for married couples to argue, but one should never let these arguments fester. 
“I’m sorry, Nancy,” he whispered. “What happened before was my fault, and I promise not to make any more unreasonable demands. You have my full support in whatever you wish to do or learn. Now that I think about it, Taekwondo’s pretty good too. After all, it is your way of life… “ 
Caspian was so lost in his thoughts that he didn’t realize Nancy had become a sobbing mess. Even though she had kept her eyes shut as tightly as possible, tears still streamed down uncontrollably. 
He always had her best interests at heart and tried to please her or give in to her whenever he could. How could Nancy, in good conscience, tell him that she wanted a break-up? Doing this to a man like Caspian would undoubtedly make her the greatest sinner of all time. 
When he felt a patch of wetness on his shoulder, he realized she was crying and panicked a little. “What’s the matter? Have I said something wrong to upset you again? If so, I’ll apologize again, but please stop crying. You know how I’m like when women cry in front of me… “ 
His words only made Nancy bawl even louder as she lamented her fate. Why was she forced to choose between two people? Why did life have to be so complicated for someone as ordinary as her? 
Caspian panicked even more as he tried to comfort her as he would a kid. “There, there. Don’t cry. Boss told me today that we should always talk through our misunderstandings. Besides, our problem is peanuts compared to what Boss and Joan had to go through. Despite all that, they still stuck through thick and thin.” 
Caspian’s lips curled into a smile as he continued, “Us, on the other hand, are always fighting over the little matters in our daily lives. To think we call ourselves adults when we behave so childishly.”
###Chapter 1758
Chapter 1758 
The more he said, the sillier Caspian felt about his fight with Nancy. “Boss and Joan may have many problems, but at least when they upset the other person, they would apologize without any hesitation.” 
For someone who wasn’t good with words, Caspian was surprisingly very eloquent and forthcoming. Nancy listened to him attentively. She had never heard him say so much in one breath, and she was afraid she might never again get the chance to in the future. 
Caspian gazed at the golden tulips held tightly in Nancy’s hand, feeling the warmth that seemed to emanate from them. “Nancy, I’ll change for the better. Tell me what you’re unhappy with, and I promise I’ll change! But you know I’ve always been a wild child, so some habits may take longer to get rid of… “ 
“Caspian,” she interrupted. Even though it was just one word, it had taken her a lot of effort and courage to get it out. 
Caspian hummed in response as his gaze remained on the tulips. He stayed silent to let Nancy carry on with what she had to say. 
But, no matter how hard she tried, she just couldn’t get the words out. Caspian treated her with so much love and respect, and she couldn’t bring herself to hurt him. 
“Joan had invited you along to brunch with us. I… I’m sorry I didn’t tell you.” 
“Is that it? Don’t worry. Boss had already told me a while ago. We’ll go in the afternoon. We won’t make it for brunch, but we can still treat them to a nice afternoon tea.” 
Nancy nodded, unable to go through with what she had planned to tell Caspian. The more she saw how he blamed himself for not treating her right, the more she couldn’t get the truth out.
She knew she wasn’t thinking clearly. She had never panicked this much, not even when she was up against a more formidable opponent in Taekwondo. 
The only thing she could do now was to follow her heart and go with the flow. 
The day to meet up had finally come. It was a glorious afternoon as the dappled sun shone through the trees, casting beautiful shadows on the roads. 
The café by the road had set up umbrellas to provide shade for its beautiful outdoor seating. There weren’t many people idling about at that time, which added to the leisurely atmosphere. 
Joan lifted the jug and poured herself her fourth cup of water. Larry looked on, bemused. “Don’t drink so much. Caspian and Nancy aren’t here yet, and we haven’t even ordered our meals… “ 
“I’ve been thirsty ever since I had my lunch. When I heard that Caspian and Nancy have made up, I was so excited I forgot about my water and came straight here. How dare you complain about me drinking too much!” 
Larry laughed as he shook his head. “I’m not complaining. I’m just worried that if you drink so much now, you might need to keep running to the restroom when they finally get here.” Upon hearing that, Joan tried to hit him in mock annoyance, only to have him swiftly place his hand over hers. 
“You’ve been drinking so much of the café’s water that people might think you’re trying to get a free meal,” he whispered. 
Joan knew Larry had a point, so she scoped out the surroundings, only to find a few young servers eyeing them and talking in hushed tones. They were probably wondering why such a well-dressed couple was only drinking water and not ordering food.
Joan felt a hint of embarrassment as she gingerly pushed her glass away. Even though she was still thirsty, she knew she had to practice some self-control.
###Chapter 1759
Chapter 1759 
Larry tried to hold his laughter in. “I’ll call to get them to hurry up.” 
Before he could pick up his phone, Joan saw two figures walking toward them. “They’re here! Look, they’re here!” 
As the pair got to the table, Nancy slung her bag over one of the empty chairs. “I’m so sorry,” she apologized. “We were held up by traffic.” 
“Did you drive here?” Larry asked as he accepted the menu from one of the servers and passed it to Nancy. 
Nancy nodded earnestly. 
Larry pointed at Caspian and burst out laughing. “Come on, Caspian. You have to improve your driving skills! Aren’t you ashamed to always have Nancy drive you around?” 
“But that’s only because Nancy doesn’t let anyone else touch her precious car,” Caspian whined. 
Joan ignored them and looked at Nancy. “What would you like to get?” 
Nancy cast a cursory glance at the menu before handing it to her husband. “I can’t think of what to order. You can decide for me, Caspian.” 
Caspian seemed to be in high spirits as he placed an order for four different coffees. He had a smile on the entire time he was chatting with the server, a stark contrast from his usual scowl. 
“Boss, how has Leslie been?”
Larry and Joan exchanged glances and smiled. “Speaking of Leslie, we really have to thank Nancy for the brilliant idea of sending him to my parents’. We’ll pay him a visit when we’re free.” 
“Ever since what happened to Norton Corporation, I realized that having a child is a lifelong commitment and responsibility. No matter how much we as parents have to suffer, we can’t drag our children down with us,” Joan said with a sigh. 
Nancy looked at her quizzically. “Joan, that was too profound for me.” 
“You’ll understand when you have a child,” Joan replied while stifling a chuckle. 
Larry immediately added, “Oh yes, if you have a daughter, we can be in-laws! And if you have a son, our kids can become blood brothers!” 
Caspian lowered his head and smiled. When he saw that Nancy had become speechless and turned red, he gently nudged her to get her attention. 
Instead of turning to him, Nancy looked straight at Joan and Larry. “We don’t have plans for that,” she said matter-of-factly. 
Caspian’s heart dropped as soon as the words left her mouth, but he still tried his best to look normal and salvage the awkward situation. “Well, yes. We don’t have plans yet.” 
Joan found Nancy’s reaction very strange. Being so straightforward about not having children made it seem as if she was intentionally avoiding something. Joan thought she might be overthinking when she noticed Larry also had on a forced, awkward smile. She knew then that he felt the same as she did. 
The awkward silence had become too much to bear, and Caspian knew he had to do something to break the ice.
“Larry, Joan, because of some of the misunderstandings Nancy and I had in the past, we have made you worry about us. Now that we finally have this opportunity, please let this meal be my treat. It’s our way of thanking you for all your help. Isn’t that right, Nancy?” 
Nancy wasn’t expecting Caspian to lob a question at her, so her surprise was palpable when he did. 
“Yes, that’s right. Even though we have settled some of our differences, there are still other disagreements. Hopefully, things will get better as time goes. But even if they don’t, we can only do our best with what we have now and live every day to its fullest.” 
Larry and Joan couldn’t help but feel that there was an underlying meaning to Nancy’s words. But no matter how hard they tried to decipher, they just couldn’t figure it out. 
Caspian may not be the brightest bulb around, but even he could tell something has changed. Ever since that fight, Nancy was never the same again.
###Chapter 1760
Chapter 1760 
Joan’s expression had taken a drastic change after hearing what Nancy said. She got up wordlessly and pulled Nancy along toward the restroom. 
Nancy could more or less guess what Joan wanted to talk to her about, but she kept her smile as she looked apologetically at Larry. “Excuse me, Larry. We’ll be using the restroom first.” 
The restroom was empty, and Joan slammed the door behind them once they were inside. It was clear as day that she was a little peeved. 
However, the truth was Joan wasn’t in a bad mood. It wasn’t so much that she was angry. It was more that she was confused by who Nancy was now. She was no longer the girl who blushed every time she talked about Caspian. There was something about her that had changed drastically. 
“Your misunderstandings have not been cleared, have they?” Joan questioned. 
Nancy was expressionless as she replied, “They have.” 
Seeing that Joan still wasn’t convinced, Nancy quickly added, “But, it’s just Caspian who thinks that way… “ 
“What do you mean it’s just Caspian?” Joan interrupted angrily. “What about you? What has he done that you can’t forgive him?” 
There was a glimmer of sadness in Nancy’s eyes as she wondered how best to put her words across. “Joan, he hasn’t done anything wrong. It’s me. So if anything, it should be me asking for his forgiveness.”
Joan frowned and looked at her in confusion. “What on earth happened between the two of you?” When Nancy showed no intention to answer her, Joan got even more agitated. “If you treat me like a friend and a sister, then please tell me.” 
Nancy held her gaze for a split second before lowering her head again. 
Joan calmed herself down and tried to comfort Nancy instead. “I’m sure Larry is also questioning Caspian now. It’s common for husbands and wives to have disagreements and misunderstandings. The important thing is to be considerate toward each other, to know when to give and take, and try to change yourself for the other.” 
“But two people should only be together because they’re a good fit for each other. If you change yourself for the other, that’s called being accommodating. That’s not love,” Nancy retorted. 
Joan realized all the advice she had given to Nancy in the past had fallen on deaf ears. 
She knew that everyone had differing opinions on various issues, and if someone else had told her what Nancy just said, she would have found them perfectly reasonable. But it was appalling that those words came from Nancy, and Joan believed there was more to it than meets the eye. 
Nancy held Joan’s hands as she continued, “Besides, if the love isn’t strong enough, then one wouldn’t even be accommodating in the first place… “ 
The more she tried to explain, the more Joan thought there was something seriously off with Nancy. She wasn’t the Nancy she used to know. She was like a stranger now. She pulled her hand out and fixed a steely gaze on Nancy. “What are you trying to say?” 
“I’m in love with someone… “
Telling the truth felt like a weight off her shoulders. All this time, Nancy had been trying to convince herself that her feelings for Jory weren’t real. But when her heart pounded after seeing that woman in his office, she knew she had fallen for him. 
The pressure and anxiety she felt from keeping this secret had become almost unbearable. She was so relieved now that she had told Joan the truth. But that also meant she had come to terms with her feelings for Jory.
###Chapter 1761
Chapter 1761 
Joan couldn’t believe her ears. There was no way the Nancy she knew would say something like that. “T-This isn’t funny, Nancy,” she stammered. “Don’t say any more. Whatever it is you’re playing at, I don’t think it’d be much fun to carry on.” 
Nancy smiled at her friend. “Why haven’t you asked if the person I’m in love with is Caspian?” 
Joan got all tongue-tied as her world started spinning out of control. Everything was coming at her so fast that she could no longer tell what was true. 
Try as she might, Joan couldn’t shake away the escalating sense of foreboding. 
She took a deep breath to steady her nerves as she looked at Nancy. “That person… do I know him?” 
“You don’t. But I’ve mentioned him to you before.” 
From what Joan knew, Nancy had always come across as an introverted and reserved person. Other than Caspian, she couldn’t remember Nancy ever mentioning another man’s name to her. 
If she hasn’t mentioned other men to me, does that mean it’s Caspian she loves? Is she just taking me for a ride? The suspense was killing her, and Joan decided to confront Nancy with her thoughts. 
“It’s not Caspian,” Nancy said with a resolute shake of her head. 
When she saw how adamant Nancy was, Joan was well and truly stumped. 
She could only imagine how humiliated Caspian would be if he found out about it. No man would be able to take this sort of news well, not even the strongest ones.
Nancy remained cool as a cucumber even though she noticed how quiet Joan had become. “If I told you now, you might have some recollection.” 
When Joan didn’t to it, Nancy continued, “Remember when we went to Norton Corporation for Caspian? I told you then about the fiancé I used to have. Well, he’s back now. And his name is Jory Synder.” 
“Is he the mysterious S? Is that him?” Joan asked as realization slowly crept over her. Wouldn’t that mean Jory was the one who secretly photographed Dustin and me? 
“I don’t know. I’ve never brought the matter up.” Even with that, Joan couldn’t tell if Nancy was covering up for Jory or if she meant it. 
“I ended things with him in the past because there have been misunderstandings and malicious rumors. But now he’s back. And more importantly, he hasn’t forgotten about me.” 
Despite Nancy pouring out her emotions as she spoke, Joan no longer felt the same about her. The Nancy then seemed a little more pretentious—a far cry from what she used to be. “You should know that things are different now. Caspian is your husband, and you’ve stopped being Jory’s fiancée when you turned him down!” Joan finally replied, her tone cold and harsh. 
“That may be so, but it still doesn’t mean that what I have with Caspian is love. We’ve lived together for so long, but everyone can see how incompatible we are. Living with him has been exhausting for me. I’m sure it is for him too.” 
Joan was getting riled up even more now. “Nancy, do you know what you’re saying?” 
To her surprise, Nancy still had a smile on her face. “I do. Joan, I’ll find the right time to break this to Caspian and end things with him. Since the two of us aren’t compatible, I don’t want to continue this
loveless relationship. All I’m asking of you now is to help keep this a secret.” 
“You know very well he’s never going to accept this, but he’ll still have to find out about it eventually. Just how cruel can you be? You said to find the right time, but there can never be a right time for something like this.” 
Ever since she got to know Nancy and Caspian, Joan had treated them like family. Nancy suddenly becoming this cruel was the scenario Joan thought one could only find in television dramas. 
Joan sighed before continuing, “But rest assured that Caspian will only hear this from you. I promise to keep it a secret until then. Thank you for opening up to me, and thank you for treating me as a good friend. However, before this matter is made public, I don’t know if we can still be friends.”
###Chapter 1762
Chapter 1762 
If this were someone else, Joan would have berated them without hesitation. But because it’s Nancy, Joan found herself at a loss for words. 
Nancy stepped forward and held Joan’s arm. “That’s good. I want you to know that you’re still very much like a sister to me, and that would never change, no matter what happens in the future.” 
Joan didn’t pull herself away from Nancy as she led them out of the restroom. She took comfort in the fact that they could remain as friends for now. 
When Joan and Nancy left the table earlier, Larry began his interrogation on Caspian. “Have the two of you not made up?” 
“We have. I had just given her flowers yesterday, and everything seemed fine,” Caspian looked downcast as he replied. 
“From what she said earlier, are you facing any relationship issues?” 
“What? No, no. You’re overthinking it, Boss.” Caspian tried to play it cool by brushing Larry off. Deep down, he knew Nancy had changed a lot over the past few days. He had suspected something himself, but he wasn’t keen to elaborate in front of Larry. 
The onlookers would always see most of the game as compared to the players themselves. So even though Caspian didn’t say it, Larry could guess as much. “That better be the case, Caspian. But you should still pay more attention to your relationship. Identify the issues early on, and you’ll be able to tackle them better.” 
Caspian waved him off as he awkwardly replied, “You’re exaggerating, Boss. It’s not as serious as you make it out to be.”
Just then, the ladies made their way back to the table. Nancy was all smiles when she pulled her chair out. “We’ve been gone for so long, and you still haven’t ordered any food?” 
“No, because Boss and I don’t know what to order. Why don’t you do it since you’re familiar with the food here? Joan, let Nancy know what you want to eat, and we’ll order them all.” 
Nancy quickly added, “Oh, yes, yes! Caspian’s buying this meal, so let’s eat our fill. Don’t be shy, Joan. Go ahead and order whatever you like.” 
The sudden change in both Nancy and Caspian took Joan by surprise. It felt as if nothing ever happened, and the awkwardness from before had all disappeared. Whether it was intentional or not, they had managed to synchronize their acts. 
Larry, as expected, noticed the change in Joan immediately. Judging by her expression, he guessed Nancy must have confided in her. 
Nevertheless, he decided to hold his tongue and keep things civil. He patted Joan as they flipped through the menu together. 
They soon settled into a familiar routine of laughing and chatting over food and drinks. The only exception was that the comfort they used to have with one another was missing. Everyone had something weighing on their minds, and everyone had questions they didn’t dare to ask. 
There was no doubt that this was the calm before the storm. 
After the meal, Nancy drove straight to her father’s office while Caspian rode with Larry back to Norton Corporation. 
When Nancy arrived at Barrymore Group, she entered the elevator and promptly pressed for the twenty-sixth floor.
She knew that the only way to end things with Caspian was to have a divorce. But before she brought that up with him, she’d have to inform her father about it first. 
Nancy tried to make as little noise as possible by tiptoeing her way into her father’s office. She was about to close the door when she heard her father. “When will you ever learn to knock before you enter?” 
“Dad, how did you know it was me?” she replied with a cheeky grin.
###Chapter 1763
Chapter 1763 
Simon rubbed his forehead in mock annoyance. “Because you’re the only one who comes in without knocking on the door.” 
After closing the door and locking it, Nancy sat in front of her father, all prim and proper. When she realized he was too immersed in the pile of documents on the table, she willfully snatched them away from him. 
“Is your daughter not as important as these papers?” 
Simon sighed loudly. “Very well then. What brings my precious daughter here? But please, keep it short.” 
Nancy held the documents against her chest as she stared at her father. “I’m getting a divorce.” 
Like her father requested, Nancy had gone straight to the point, leaving Simon in a state of bewilderment. 
“What? A divorce? Did I hear it right? 
“You heard right. I’m getting a divorce.” 
“Why?” Simon’s frown deepened as he continued, “Was it something Caspian did?” 
“It’s not him. It’s something that I’ve done.” 
Simon was even more confused now as he gazed at his daughter. “Nancy, please tell me, what have you done?”
“One of the reasons I want a divorce is that the person I had let slip in the past is now back. But the main reason is that I don’t love Caspian anymore. I can’t see myself living with him any longer. Two people should be together because they’re compatible, not because they’re constantly accommodating the other.” 
“Someone you had let slip?” Simon mumbled to himself. “I don’t recall you ever talking about other boyfriends. Isn’t Caspian your first love?” 
Nancy held her father’s gaze as she continued, “Dad, do you remember a few years back when I rejected a marriage proposal from Alpire Group?” 
Simon fell back into this chair. “Please don’t tell me you’ve fallen for someone from the Alpire Group.” 
“I won’t lie to you, Dad. It is him. I rejected him back then because of some misunderstandings and rumors. But now he’s back, and he still remembers me! I think this must be fate.” 
“Jory Synder?” Simon almost choked on his words as he pounded his fist on the table. 
Nancy twitched from her father’s sudden outburst and nodded. “Yes. You know him, Dad.” 
“Don’t you know that Jory’s despicable and ruthless? Haven’t you heard about all the problems he had caused?” Simon’s brows furrowed deeper as he tried to talk some sense into his daughter. 
Nancy was visibly agitated now. “It’s because of those baseless accusations that I rejected the proposal and ruined the working relationship our families had!” 
“You’re still speaking up for him? Who was the one crying about wanting to reject the proposal back then? Because of you, I ditched all my plans to work with Alpire Group. Don’t you think I’ve done enough for you?”
Seeing how furious her father was, Nancy softened her voice. “That’s not what I meant, Dad. Back then, I only had people telling me how awful Jory was, and that’s why I misunderstood him. But now I have the opportunity to get to know him better.” 
Simon stood up, his naturally majestic aura filling the space around him as he scolded his daughter, “No. Your engagement with him is over! Don’t forget that you are both of completely different statuses!” 
Nancy remained silent as she pondered her options. She knew her father was high-principled, and she couldn’t persuade him the way she did with Joan. If she did, he would criticize her for being shameless and rude. 
Once Simon got angry, there was no holding his words back. He leaned into her, ready to give her a piece of his mind. “You have let Caspian down, and I’m sure it’s hard to break this to him. But since you have the guts to do it, I’m sure you wouldn’t be afraid of others talking behind your back, right?” 
“Yes…” Nancy mumbled. She thought she had mentally prepared herself enough to face the inevitable storm that’d come her way. But when her father scolded her as expected, the full brunt of his words still proved too much to bear.
###Chapter 1764
Chapter 1764 
“Have you talked to Caspian about the divorce?” His tone eased significantly, causing Nancy to sigh in relief. 
“Not yet. But, it’s about time. I will find a suitable opportunity to tell him.” 
Lighting up a cigarette, Simon exhaled slowly. “Indeed, it will be painful for him. If you are really going ahead with the divorce, you should let him have a bigger share of the assets.” 
When Nancy didn’t reply, Simon assumed her silence meant consent. He added, “If he finds out about this, he would definitely not agree to the divorce. As for Jory, there would be no escape for him.” 
If it were any other time, Nancy would shrug her father off for worrying unnecessarily. But right then, she couldn’t deny the validity of his concerns. After being married to Caspian for almost two years, she knew him like the back of her hand. But to a certain extent, she still couldn’t get a good grasp of how he would react. 
However, there wasn’t any doubt in her that Caspian would make Jory pay. Furthermore, there was another issue. She wondered how she was going to bring this up to Caspian. She could avoid mentioning Jory, but how could she lead the conversation toward a divorce? 
At Jory’s office. 
Knock! Knock! 
“Come in.” Jory was reading the latest analyst report on Norton Corporation that Dustin brought. He yelled for the person who knocked to come in. 
If he had looked up, he likely would have regretted his action.
Gabriella was dressed provocatively as usual. Although she was modest in front of Joan most of the time, she was always flamboyant toward Jory. 
“Get out,” Jory snapped without hesitation when he saw who it was. 
Gabriella smiled. “How can you ask me to leave right after giving me permission to enter?” 
Ignoring her, Jory continued to study the report in his hand. As for Gabriella, she paced around the office and even touched some of the displays inside. 
“I heard the lady say that you’re Jory Synder. Despite working for you, I don’t even know your name,” Gabriella sneered. 
With his eyes still on the report, Jory replied plainly, “The deal was that you focus on your work, and I pay you for it. There’s no need for me to tell you my name. It’s utterly unnecessary…” 
Gabriella sighed. “There’s no way I can beat a businessman like you in a verbal exchange. But, as a woman, I know how to judge another woman.” 
Jory closed the report in his hands with a clap. “If you’re here to talk about the Barrymores or cause trouble, you should leave.” 
“What? Don’t you dare admit what you have done? Are you feeling guilty?” Gabriella pressed to her advantage. “Despite having an affair with a married woman, Mr. Synder, you really are audacious.” 
Jory sprang to his feet and grabbed her wrist. Pulling her forcefully, Gabriella lost her balance and crashed her thigh into the corner of the desk. 
“Do you believe that with just a phone call, you will be swarmed by reporters questioning you about all your misdeeds over the years? Also, don’t forget about Landon. He was surrounded by reporters from
every TV station because of you.” 
“You…” Briefly stunned, Gabriella suppressed her anger. “We are partners, so let’s not talk about such nonsense. All this while, I feel that it isn’t normal for you to know everything about me while I know nothing about you. But now, we are even.” 
Jory flung her wrist aside as if he was throwing something filthy away. He felt like his hands would be tainted if he held them any longer. 
“Remember this, going forward, you are not allowed to come here. If you dare defy me in any way, I will make sure to teach you a lesson with the help of the reporters.” 
Gabriella was enraged. “I’m not planning to do anything to you. Instead, you are the one disrupting Larry’s life.”
###Chapter 1765
Chapter 1765 
Jory was stunned when he saw her staring at the cover of the document he was reading. On top of it, the words “Norton Corporation analyst report” were clearly written. He quickly turned the document face down. When the folder’s hardcover dropped on the desk, the resulting bang jolted both of them. 
Suddenly, a ruthless look flashed within Jory’s eyes. Ever since he changed, he told himself that he would never give anyone the same look. But, in the face of the insolent Gabriella, he couldn’t help but break his own vow. 
“Let me warn you one more time. Don’t meddle in my affairs.” 
Gabriella’s eyes sparkled in triumph. “I knew it! The Norton Corporation’s stock price crash and subsequent takeover must have something to do with you. Now, I wonder if it’s somehow related to our partnership?” 
She had expected Jory to be infuriated and to coerce her into keeping his secret. However, his expression became more resolute instead, as if it didn’t matter to him at all. In fact, he was actually smiling. 
“Go ahead and tell everyone. If anyone believes you, I will consider that I have lost,” Jory declared confidently, “By then, I can hand you over to the police for disrupting public order.” 
He was right. Without any proof, no one would believe her. But Jory was different. He was rich and powerful. Also, he wielded the influence of a large conglomerate. No matter what he did, there would be many who would willingly protect him. 
There was no competition between the two of them at all.
Just when Gabriella wanted to vent her frustrations, she suddenly thought of Nancy. Coincidentally, she had met Nancy once before. When one had a weakness, one would no longer be invincible. Jory was no different as Nancy was his weakness. 
She held onto her injured wrist. “Your plan of being together with Nancy is not realistic at all. The chairman of Barrymore Group would never admit that his daughter had an affair. Also, there’s still Caspian whom I interacted with before. He is a stubborn one. Although he isn’t meant for great things, he loves Nancy a lot.” 
When Jory remained silent, Gabriella continued, “Taking a step back, even if for some reason Mr. Barrymore agrees to their divorce for the sake of Nancy’s happiness, do you think Caspian would stand quietly while you take Nancy away from him?” 
“Caspian. I have indeed never met him before…” 
Placing her hand on Jory’s shoulder, Gabriella smiled deviously. “Therefore, why don’t I help you take Caspian out of the picture. When that happens, no one will stand before you and Nancy.” 
Jory narrowed his gaze on the hand she placed on him. “What do you plan to do?” 
Gabriella’s flaming red fingernails looked as if they were on fire. “There’s no need for you to worry about the details. All you need to know is that you will be satisfied with the results. As for my reward, I’m sure you know better than anyone else what I want.” 
“Is it all just for money?” Jory asked skeptically. 
Gabriella pretended to sound pitiful. “Ever since I was kicked out by Landon, money has become everything to me. Someone like you who is never short of it will never understand how I feel.”
When Jory thought back to this incident much later, he could only hate himself for not giving Gabriella a slap and blame himself for not asking for more details. 
With regard to Nancy’s situation, Joan didn’t have much to say about it. After all, Nancy was her good friend and she was obligated to side with her no matter what. 
However, she did promise Nancy that before the latter broke the news to Caspian, she would keep it a secret, even from Larry. 
Meanwhile, it was obvious to Larry that Nancy and Caspian were having problems. Furthermore, he could also tell that Nancy must have said something to Joan.
###Chapter 1766
Chapter 1766 
“She really didn’t tell me anything. So, stop asking me about it.” When Joan repeated her denial for the third time, she was already sick of doing so. 
Before Larry replied, he saw the traffic light in front and stepped on the brakes gently. 
Joan couldn’t help but sigh. Gripping her seat belt, she remarked, “She only told me about the many differences they have in their daily lives…” 
“Differences? Just a few days ago, I told Caspian that a couple must always learn how to compromise. Didn’t you tell Nancy the same?” Larry asked. 
“Of course I did. But did you know what she said?” Joan turned to face Larry. “She said that love is about compatibility without having to change one’s interest or personality to accommodate the other.” 
Larry was stumped. The words seemed to make sense but he still felt there was something wrong with it. However, he couldn’t put his finger on what it was. 
“Are you feeling the same way as I did? You have the urge to rebut but can’t find the basis to do it?” Joan asked. 
Larry tightened his grip on the steering wheel. “If it really was about compatibility, then why did she choose to get married in the first place? Now that they are, how can she say something like that?” 
Joan plainly replied, “Perhaps, love at first sight caused both of them to lose their rationality. But living together might have brought them back to reality.” 
“Hmm… It sounds like Nancy doesn’t intend to reconcile with Caspian.” As Larry stepped on the accelerator, their car continued on its journey.
At that point, Joan was overwhelmed by guilt. Although it had nothing to do with her, hiding something from Larry filled her with self-reproach. After a long hesitation, she stuttered, “S-She… she said… she wants a divorce.” 
Given that traffic was noisy and Joan spoke very softly, Larry didn’t catch her words. “Huh? What?” 
“D-Divorce.” Joan raised her volume. 
She could obviously feel Larry trembling as he gradually applied the brakes and stopped by the roadside. After He finally regained his senses after a long while and asked, “Divorce? Did you hear her wrong?” 
Joan shook her head. “I thought I made a mistake too. But that was what Nancy told me.” 
“Have Caspian agreed to it?” Larry asked. 
Joan shook her head. “No, Nancy hasn’t told him about it yet.” 
Unexpectedly, Larry burst out in laughter. However, it was a wry and helpless one. “Caspian would never agree to it. How could he?” 
“Larry, everyone has the freedom to make their own choices. There’s no rule saying that one person must be with another forever. As outsiders, all we can do is respect their decision,” Joan remarked. The best she could do now was not mention Jory in front of Larry. 
However, she still felt conflicted. Although she managed to keep Nancy’s secret, it felt like a betrayal to Caspian. Is this how I repay him after everything he has done for us? 
“Previously, I told Caspian to never bring up about divorce no matter what happened with Nancy.” Larry’s eyes were filled with an indescribable sadness. “He agreed and even said that the idea never
crossed his mind. However, I didn’t expect Nancy to be the one who would bring it up.” 
As Joan gazed into his eyes, she put her hand on Larry’s. “Perhaps, there is a period in everyone’s life when their fate is no longer in their hands.” 
Joan wondered if Nancy had thought this through, especially of the consequences. As for the latter’s decision to divorce, it was one where Nancy just couldn’t help herself.
###Chapter 1767
Chapter 1767 
If one is forced to be with a man she doesn’t love, it will be unfair to all parties. 
However, does fairness really exist in this world? Or can it be that true fairness would inadvertently result in someone getting hurt? 
“There’s no way Nancy is going to change her mind. Larry, if you have the time, it’s better that you advise Caspian to let go. Also, you have to remind him not to give up on life…” 
Larry didn’t say anything further. If Caspian knew what Nancy’s thoughts were, Larry wasn’t sure if he would even have the opportunity to console the former. Given how rigid Caspian’s temperament was, Larry was worried that he would end up doing something stupid. After restarting the engine, they continued on their journey, leaving behind a cloud of smoke on the quiet street. 
When night fell, on the roof of Nirhaven College, one could see stars blanketing the sky, sparkling dimly over the city. As the moon shone brightly, its light was enough to illuminate the path of anyone walking home. 
It was said that when one was missing another, all one had to do was look up at the moon. Who knew the person whom you miss would be looking at the moon too at that moment? 
As for Dustin, gazing at the moon at night with the gentle breeze blowing across his face was the only way he could feel at peace. As if he was all alone in that space, he enjoyed the moment very much. However, there was something different about that particular night. There was someone who insisted on gazing at the moon with him. He was even reciting poems while doing so. 
“Given that you offered to join me here, I guess you must be in a good mood today?” Dustin placed both his hands on the roof’s parapet. “Has she accepted you?”
Jory was holding a wine bottle in his right hand while his left hand held the stem of a wine glass in between his fingers. “You can put it that way. But, it seems that this is just the beginning.” 
Dustin received the wineglass that Jory handed him. As the moonlight reflected off it, it made it look like a red ruby. “Congratulations, the time you spent building your career overseas was not in vain.” 
Jory took a sip. “I always wondered how my life would be if she never appeared.” 
Dustin laughed. “What do you expect? You will never be short of money. Who knows, you might even inherit Alpire Group successfully.” 
Jory laughed together with him but his tone was filled with contempt. “Do I look like someone who cares about money to you? When I left my father, it was because he looked down on me for not having achieved anything. Hence, the last thing I wanted was to live off him for life.” 
Smirking, Dustin replied in a dispassionate tone, “I admire your pridefulness. If I were you, I would be begging the chairman to allow me to inherit the company. At least with power and influence, and not to forget money, I can certainly achieve something.” 
Jory quickly understood what Dustin was trying to insinuate. Putting down the half-empty wine glass, he asked, “Do you really think that Joan didn’t choose you because you didn’t have all that?” 
Dustin retorted, “What else could it be?” 
Jory shook his head. “I don’t believe that’s the case. If she really was in it for the money, would you still have fallen for a gold digger like her? Of course, if you insist that you would still love her for whoever she is, then I have nothing else to say.” 
Dustin stared at his wineglass. “Of course, I won’t.”
Jory patted him on his shoulder. “Although I don’t know why you are so infatuated with Joan, there’s one thing I’m sure of—you wouldn’t have fallen for her if she were a shallow person. Perhaps, Joan really saw something in Larry in which you don’t possess.” 
Dustin took a deep breath and tried his best to maintain his calm. “Enough about me, let’s talk about you instead. How did you get her to agree to be with you?”
###Chapter 1768
Chapter 1768 
“This might be the only thing in my whole life that I didn’t plan for. Because it really seemed like fate and everything else just fell into place.” Jory lifted the wine bottle and refilled Dustin’s glass. The clink between the bottle and wine glass sounded especially melodious at night. 
“Since my transformation, I would draw up a plan in my mind for everything I’m about to do. I would use it to guide me step by step during the execution. But, when it came to her, it really felt like fate had decided everything. I didn’t even need to plot and scheme at all.” 
He added, “It felt as if as long as we had each other, it didn’t matter whatever we did or however much we had. More importantly, her happiness is all that I care about because I am happy whenever I see the joy on her face.” 
Jory’s words were so sincere that even Dustin couldn’t help but be stunned by them. After keeping silent for a while, Jory extended his hand to shake him. “What are you thinking about? Why are you being so quiet?” 
Dustin repeated slowly, “Her happiness is your priority?” 
Jory nodded. “Don’t you feel happy whenever you see her happy?” 
“Kind of…” Dustin mumbled to himself. “In that case, is what we’re doing right? Using your dad’s Alpire Group to takeover Norton Corporation’s subsidiary and to see both Joan and Larry be devastated by it…” 
Jory fell silent as all he thought about initially was that this was a great way to destroy Larry. However, if Joan really loved Larry, she would definitely not leave him for Dustin when his company was in trouble. In fact, she would stick with Larry until the crisis was over.
Joan would never be happy if Larry were in trouble. It would then spiral into a vicious cycle. Jory began to doubt if he was really helping Dustin that way. Having no answers, all he could do was to help his best friend achieve whatever he wanted. 
“There’s no point in overthinking it. Not like it’s going to make you any richer. Come, let’s drink up.” Jory toasted his wine glass toward the moon. “In appreciation of the beautiful moon tonight. Bottoms up!” 
Dustin yawned as he clinked glasses with Jory. “You’re right! Bottoms up!” 
Jory shook the empty bottle. “Red wine is for celebrations while whiskey is for forgetting our sorrows.” 
“Celebrate? What are we celebrating?” Justin squinted his eyes as he raised his tone in surprise. 
After pondering a moment, Jory pointed at the moon while grinning widely at Dustin. “We’re celebrating how beautiful the moon is tonight.” 
Dustin laughed and didn’t say anything further. 
The next morning. 
Larry was woken up by a phone call. On the line was Norton Corporation’s head of financial analysis. His words were rapid and his tone anxious. Still feeling groggy, Larry was instantly awoken upon hearing his report, to the extent of having cold sweat break out from his back. 
“Mr. Norton! Something bad has happened! Alpire Group has taken over two more of our subsidiaries. As of now, we have lost a total of seven!” 
Larry sprang up from his bed and gulped in concern. “How did this happen? Why didn’t we see it coming?”
“There really was no sign of it. It just happened all of a sudden. Our financial analysis systems did not indicate that we were under attack. Their method did not leave a single trace at all.” The department head’s pitch was off due to his nervousness. In the background, Larry could hear the arguments going on. 
Larry replied with a solemn tone, “I’m coming over at once.” 
After ending the call, he was still unable to digest the massive amount of information that he had just received. All he did was toss his blanket aside and space out while sitting on the bed. 
When Joan felt the sudden gush of wind from the blanket being flipped, she was awoken by it. Rubbing her dreary eyes, she asked in a daze, “What happened, Larry? What time is it?” 
Turning to his side, Larry looked out with disbelief and suspicion. “The seventh subsidiary is gone.” 
Right then, even Joan was fully awake and she too broke out in a cold sweat. On her face, was the same look of disbelief. “How can that be? Didn’t they stop attacking us for a while now?”
###Chapter 1769
Chapter 1769 
Larry shook his head. “We are too careless. When Dustin spoke to me, he told me Alpire Group’s target was the entire Norton Corporation. We didn’t take him seriously then. That was a big mistake from the beginning. They just wanted to lower our guard so that they can achieve their ive faster.” 
“No, Dustin wouldn’t do that,” Joan mumbled to herself. As if he was woken from a dream, Larry took out his phone and searched for Dustin’s number. “That’s right. Dustin must know something about this.” 
As Joan watched him make the call, they waited for a whole thirty-seven seconds before they heard a female robotic voice inform them that there was no one answering. Both of them exchanged glances and were puzzled as to what was going on. 
Joan quickly found her phone on the bed. As if she was grabbing on to the last glimmer of hope, she called Dustin’s number. 
Thirty-seven seconds later, she raised her gaze at Larry as the phone she was holding slipped onto the bedsheet. 
“No one is picking up.” 
After a while, Larry turned off his phone as the flood of notifications he was receiving was giving him a headache. “No, I must head to the office at once.” 
Tossing her blanket aside, Joan pushed back her hair. “I’m coming with you.” 
News traveled fast indeed. Before they even reached the office, the media had caught wind of the situation and the news dominated the headlines of all major websites.
When Nancy was waiting at a red light, she reached into her bag for a bottle of mineral water. Just when she lifted her head to drink, she heard the news being broadcasted over the radio, causing her to almost spew the water out from her mouth. 
“After a brief respite, Alpire Group is back in action in its’ acquisition of Norton Corporation’s subsidiary again…” 
Alpire Group? Alpire Group! Does Jory have something to do with this? Is he attacking Norton Corporation again? Fearful of thinking any further, she turned the car around and sped toward Jory’s office. 
Meanwhile, Jory, who was in the midst of his morning exercise, was also surprised to hear the news. Takeover? Is this Dustin’s doing? Although Jory was the heir to Alpire Group, he had delegated to Dustin the authority to manage the matter. It shouldn’t be him. We were just admiring the moon the night before. 
Jory told himself not to speculate any further. Instead, he should immediately ask the person directly involved. Hence, he had to call Dustin at once. 
The moment he called, he received a message saying Dustin’s line was busy. Why is his line busy? Can there be someone else wanting to talk to him during a moment like this? After ending the call, Jory patiently waited for a minute before calling again. 
This time, the line was no longer busy. Instead, it went unanswered. Why isn’t anyone answering? How can this be? Did he dispose of his phone away right after answering the earlier call? 
Jory was puzzled. After changing out of his sports attire and into his office suit, he saw a striking red Bentley driving in from afar. Jory stood where he was to await his guest’s arrival.
Wearing a pair of flats, Nancy ran over to him once the car came to a stop. With the wind blowing in her hair, her fringes strewn messily all over her face. 
Holding her phone, its screen was still lit up. She looked upset and seemed to want to show him something. 
“Nancy, what are you doing here so early in the morning?” 
Still panting heavily, Nancy raised her phone at him. “D-Did you do this?” 
Glancing over, it was indeed the news of Norton Corporation being taken over. If he denied it, no one in their right mind would believe him. After all, he was inextricably linked to Alpire Group. 
“Would you believe me if I said it wasn’t me?” Jory asked her in return. 
Nancy furrowed her eyebrows. “Since when do you need to say something like that to me? If you say that it wasn’t you, of course, I would believe you.” 
As Nancy’s trust warmed Jory’s heart, he pulled her into his embrace without any hesitation. Resting his chin on her hair, he explained in a gentle voice, “Thank you for your trust. To be clear, this isn’t my doing and I have no idea what’s going on. Hence, I’m on my way to investigate the matter.”
###Chapter 1770
Chapter 1770 
Nancy placed her hands on his hips. “Investigate? Does it mean that you have a lead and that you know who did it?” 
Nancy was extremely sharp to decipher his words. Jory was naturally not going to lie. “I’m not sure yet. I just called him but he didn’t answer.” 
“Perhaps, you can get through now?” Nancy gave him an encouraging glance. “Why don’t you try again?” 
After waiting for another thirty-seven second, both of them gave up on calling him. Jory turned off his phone. “When you arrived just now, I was about to head over to see him.” 
“The reason I rushed over was because of this too…” Nancy sighed. “Joan and Larry must be devastated to hear the news in the morning. After all, it has been a long time since something like that happened.” 
Staring at her anxious expression, Jory asked, “You do care a lot about them, don’t you?” 
Nancy nodded without hesitation. “Of course, they are my best friends.” 
Before Jory could respond, Nancy dragged him into her car. “Come, let’s go and find the culprit. We need to question him on what his motives are. I don’t believe he has fled just because he isn’t answering his phone.” 
Jory had wanted to say something to defend Dustin. But, when he grabbed onto her hand, the words that left his mouth were instead, “Let’s go in my car. Or perhaps, I’ll turn on my GPS and you can just follow me in your car.”
Nancy smiled helplessly. “Does it matter whose car? Come, let’s go.” 
At Norton Corporation, Larry had learned his lesson from the last time. Instead of going through the front door, he entered via the back door with Joan. Upon reaching his office, he realized that the main entrance had been swarmed with reporters who were waiting for their appearance. 
“Luckily, we managed to avoid them.” Joan patted her chest to calm herself down. 
Larry remained expressionless as he was used to it by now. “What’s the use of avoiding them? What is done is done. Unfortunately, we do not have a solution as of now.” 
Joan held his hand in an attempt to give his cold hands some warmth. “There has to be a solution. There definitely has to. We will face this together.” 
Larry smiled back at her as he clasped the hand that held onto his. Both of them were like travelers of the south pole desperately trying to survive the cold by giving each other warmth. 
The moment he walked out of the elevator, Larry received a message from the largest shareholder of Norton Corporation. Joan too, peeked over to read the contents of the message. 
It stated: Shareholders’ meeting in ten minutes. 
Despite how short the message was, Joan’s heart dropped when she saw it. Tightening her grip on Larry’s hand, she choked, “Can it be t-that they…?” 
Larry massaged her palm with his thumb as if he was trying to rub her worries away. He softly reassured, “No, they won’t. I didn’t do anything wrong. Hence, they have no reason to strip me of my power and position yet.”
Ever since the previous misunderstanding, Larry was no longer as brazen as he used to be. Instead, he was now filled with a sense of calmness and humility that wasn’t there before. Hence, Joan could see a shadow of his former self from his words. To her, he seemed exceptionally confident and she could recognize that the invincible Larry was back. Therefore, when he said they would be fine, she definitely believed that to be the case. 
The atmosphere at the shareholders’ meeting was tense. Everyone’s expression couldn’t be any more solemn. All the attendees had taken their seats and were waiting for Larry’s arrival. 
The meeting room was so quiet that one could hear a pin drop. The only sound that could be heard was Larry’s footsteps and the beating of their own hearts.
###Chapter 1771
Chapter 1771 
The entire meeting room resembled a black and white oil painting. The snow-white walls contrasted against the black suits crowding within it and the grey tiles laid on the floor. The angular shape of the meeting table accentuated the company’s clinical style. 
Larry pulled up a chair and sat steadily in his seat. Everyone else around him opened the folders in their hands with pens, ready to get down to work. 
“I believe all of you have seen the latest news about Norton Corporation. The Alpire Group has again mounted attacks against our company right under our noses. Together with the earlier incidents, our accumulated losses have grown to a massive amount.” 
Larry cleared his throat. “I have previously declared not to let history repeat itself. Hence, in the face of what happened today, I would like to apologize to everyone.” 
“Wait, Mr. Norton.” A white-haired shareholder sitting beside Larry suddenly asked, “Even if we didn’t manage to stop their attacks, don’t you owe us an explanation about how much you know about Alpire Group?” 
Not shirking from his responsibilities, Larry was forthcoming. “Indeed, I have not met the chairman of Alpire Group before. But based on my knowledge, their ive is to take over Norton Corporation. However, I have met with their head of finance. Although he wasn’t willing to divulge the secrets behind the takeover, he did tell me that Alpire Group intends to acquire Norton Corporation in its entirety. Also, this man is our only source for more information.” 
“In that case, why don’t you bring him over so that we can all talk to him?” the old shareholder pressed on.
Larry could only brace himself and continue, “When I found out about what happened this morning, he was the first person I thought of. Of course, I tried calling him but he didn’t answer and his whereabouts are currently unknown.” 
The old shareholder sneered. His laugh was filled with mockery toward Larry. “Since you don’t know where he is, why did you even mention him? Are you trying to shirk your responsibility and hide the truth from us?” 
Another middle-aged shareholder added, “That’s right. Now that you’re unable to contact your source, how do we know you’re telling the truth or if he exists?” 
Instead of focusing on the crux of the matter which was Alpire Group’s intention of taking over Norton Corporation, they kept harping on the veracity of Larry’s contact. Larry was dumbfounded by their reaction. Given what had happened, he had lost all credibility before the shareholders. 
Larry straightened his posture in an attempt to seem more authoritative. “As Norton Corporation’s shareholders, you should focus on the problem at hand and not doubt the truth of my words. There’s no reason for me to fabricate a person just to deceive you.” 
Pressured by Larry’s commanding presence, the meeting room fell silent. 
“With regards to this unexpected incident, it was indeed caused by my oversight. From now on, I will try my best…” 
“Mr. Norton!” suddenly, the old shareholder interrupted Larry again. 
“We can’t allow the company to continue the way it is. All the shareholders here have invested their life savings into it. Hence, shouldn’t you be giving us a deadline?” the old shareholder threatened with a dissatisfied gaze.
His brazen words suddenly caused tension to fill the room. If Larry failed to solve the problem by the stipulated deadline, he would then be removed from his position. 
“That’s right. If you can’t do it, let someone else take over.” 
One by one, the shareholders had insidious looks on their faces. Letting out their devilish grins, they were all showing their true colors. 
Larry cleared his throat to signal everyone in the meeting room to quiet down. “Alright. Give me three months. After three months, I will provide all of you a satisfactory answer.”
###Chapter 1772
Chapter 1772 
“What if you don’t?” the old shareholder pressed on. 
Larry sneered. 
I’m afraid this bunch of wily old foxes don’t really care about the company’s future. 
“If I’m unable to produce the expected result, I will resign,” Larry declared confidently. He had rediscovered the bold confidence that he used to have. 
Within the meeting room, the attendees exchanged glances with each other. Some of them looked shocked while others were gloating in glee. 
“Alright, now that you have vowed to do so, we will then judge the matter three months later,” the old shareholder declared loudly to a few others behind him as he closed the document on the desk. 
Three months was hardly enough time to deal with such a complex matter, but Larry couldn’t delay it any further. He needed to take action at once to prevent the matter from escalating. 
“How was it? Did they make things difficult for you?” Joan squeezed his hand. 
“Everything is fine, don’t worry. They are not that ruthless as now is not the time to remove me.” Larry stroked Joan’s hair lightly. 
Luckily, it turned our alright. 
When Larry walked into the meeting room alone, her heart was pounding furiously, worried that something would happen to him. She knew that none of the shareholders were to be trifled with. Now that something as big as this had happened, they would not let Larry off easily.
Ring! Ring! 
Her handphone suddenly rang. 
When she checked to see who it was, she saw that it was Caspian. She hesitated for a moment but finally decided to answer. 
“Joan, are you free today? I would like to treat you to a meal. It will only be the two of us.” Caspian was forthright in his question. 
Suddenly, Joan’s eyes were filled with wariness. Caspian seldom asked anyone out for a meal, especially one where there would only be the two of them. It has to be about Nancy. Or else, I cannot think of any other reason for him to do so. 
“Alright, send me the address. I’ll go over…” As she looked at Larry who was standing in front of her, her stance began to waver. 
“Caspian asked me out for a meal. I suppose he wants to talk about Nancy.” Joan’s eyes were suddenly filled with sadness. 
Given how much Caspian had helped her and Larry, there was no way she could lie to him. However, she had promised to let Nancy explain to Caspian herself. Hence, until that happened, she wasn’t allowed to tell him anything. 
“Go ahead. You will have to think on your feet as you have made a promise to Nancy. Remember not to panic as it’s best to let them resolve the matter themselves.” 
At the restaurant. 
“Joan, over here!” Caspian waved at Joan when she entered the restaurant.
Quickly collecting herself, Joan walked toward Caspian with an awkward smile. 
“Joan, please order whatever you like.” Caspian passed her the menu enthusiastically. 
However, Joan could only stare at the menu he handed her as she didn’t dare make eye contact. After all, his gaze was filled with the trust he had for her and the devotion he had for Nancy. 
“I’ll just have a coffee as I already had something with Larry earlier. Caspian, you seem pretty rich recently. After buying me a meal not too long ago, you invited me for another treat today…” Joan remarked on purpose as her hands were clasped together tightly as if she was trying to get rid of the anxiety she felt. 
“Joan, actually, there’s something I want to ask you today.” Caspian scratched the back of his head awkwardly. 
Joan took a deep breath and stared right at him. She prepared herself for what was about to come. After all, there was no avoiding it. 
“Joan, do you know about Jory?” Once the question escaped his mouth, Caspian’s eyes darkened. 
Joan could sense that he was trying his best to suppress the emotions within him. 
“Jory?” Joan murmured on purpose. 
“That’s right. Jory. The one who has just returned to the country recently…” Caspian’s words seemed to be all over the place as he couldn’t wait to express what he wanted to say.
###Chapter 1773
Chapter 1773 
The reason he was so anxious was that he wanted to verify the truth about Nancy and Jory’s relationship. 
Joan was puzzled as to how Caspian knew about Jory. 
“I don’t know him well. What about him, Caspian? What do you want with him?” Joan looked carefully at him. 
At that moment, Caspian had a dejected look on his face while his eyes lost their shine. 
“Nothing much. It’s just that I heard Nancy rejected his marriage proposal before. But now that he has returned, I figure…” 
Joan had never seen him so disheartened before. He truly loves Nancy to the extent he would give his all to her. 
But if the love is not reciprocated, how could they even sustain their relationship? 
Perhaps, Nancy is right. If one has to constantly compromise in a relationship, he will be doomed to a miserable fate. Instead of having both parties suffer, it would be better for them to let go and seek out their own happiness. 
But Caspian… 
He has sacrificed so much… 
“Caspian, don’t let your imagination run wild. You have to trust each other. In matters of love, only the ones involved can decide. No matter what happens between you and Nancy, I’m sure you will have a
good talk with her, am I right?” Joan looked at him with a serious expression. 
Although Caspian was someone stubborn, Joan was sure that he would not do anything rash when it came to Nancy. 
“Sure, Joan. I understand,” Caspian promised. 
However, he didn’t manage to read between the lines of what Joan had said. 
Staring out of the window, Joan’s eyes were filled with pity. 
She wasn’t sure if what she did was right. But, she hoped that Nancy would tell Caspian the truth. 
Nevertheless, Joan knew Nancy well and was aware that there was no stopping her from whatever she wanted to do. 
Ring! Ring! 
“Hello, alright, I know. I’ll go over at once. Wait for my return,” Jory said into the phone as he looked out the window. 
“What’s wrong?” Nancy looked at him quizzically. 
“Nancy, there’s an urgent matter that needs my attention back at the office. I will have to go back there.” Jory stroked her hair. 
Despite frowning slightly, Nancy turned the car around and drove toward Alpire Group. Along the way, she tried to find out more about the person they were going to see but her questions were brushed aside by Jory. 
Given that he couldn’t get in touch with Dustin, Jory knew that he couldn’t act hastily. Before Dustin was found, he had to quietly watch the matter unfold.
Dustin’s sudden disappearance caused Larry and Joan to worry. After all, he was the key to solving their problem. 
“I’m sorry, the number you have dialled is unreachable. Please try again later.” 
Rubbing her hands, Joan paced around anxiously. 
“Larry, what are we going to do? There’s no way we can get in touch with Dustin if he doesn’t pick up.” Joan grabbed onto his arm as if she could channel him some positive energy. 
Larry lifted his gaze and looked out of the window, his eyes flashed with sudden darkness. 
“It’s alright. I’m sure we can find another way. Don’t worry, with me around…” Larry gently patted Joan on her back. 
She knew that Larry was just comforting her. Why is Dustin doing this? Can it be that he wants to push Larry to the brink? 
“I’m going to see him.” Just as she spoke, Joan stood up and prepared to leave. 
“Joan, where are you going to find him? He isn’t at home. I have already checked.” Larry’s expression darkened. 
At that point, no one knew where Dustin was, and no one could get in touch with him. Regardless of whether he did it on purpose, it was something that was devastating for Larry. 
He was caught off guard by Dustin’s disappearance and the pressure from the company shareholders. Everyone was waiting to see him fall and couldn’t wait to gloat over his failure.
###Chapter 1774
Chapter 1774 
Jory! 
That’s right, I need to find Nancy! 
At that moment, as if she suddenly had an idea, she quickly rushed out after bidding Larry goodbye. As she couldn’t let Larry find out about Jory and Nancy, she naturally couldn’t bring up his name. 
“Nancy, there’s something I need to speak to you about,” Joan said anxiously. 
“Coincidentally, I have something to tell you too…” 
Both of them met up at a café. 
“Nancy, I’m sure you have seen the news about Alpire Group’s takeover of Larry’s subsidiary. Therefore, I need your help to talk to Jory about…” Joan pleaded. 
Other than Nancy, she didn’t know anybody else who knew Jory. 
Going through Nancy was the most direct route she could take. 
“Joan, don’t worry. I’m here to explain what’s going on. Jory doesn’t know anything about the takeover. It’s true. I just asked…” Looking intently at Joan, Nancy gradually explained. 
She didn’t know whether Joan would believe her, but she believed in Jory. If he denied it, then it meant that he wasn’t responsible. 
Joan was puzzled. 
If not Jory, who else could it be?
Doesn’t Alpire Group belong to Jory? 
“No, are you telling me that Jory doesn’t know about the takeover? How is that possible?” Joan looked at Nancy in disbelief. 
She didn’t believe Jory knew nothing but neither did she believe Nancy was lying to her. 
“Joan, listen to me. Jory is also investigating the matter as he only got to know about it after watching the news. So, don’t worry.” Nancy reassured Joan. 
Don’t worry? How can I not worry? Given that Larry is skating on thin ice right now, how can I remain calm? 
Joan’s eyes were filled with anxiety. 
Perhaps, the world really is unpredictable. Just like Nancy denying the takeover was Jory’s idea. 
Can it really be Dustin? 
Joan glanced at her phone. Despite having called him more than twenty times, no one answered. 
“Joan! Joan!” Nancy gently tapped Joan on her shoulder. 
“Huh?” She quickly regained her senses. 
“Joan, this matter requires further investigation. I believe in Jory. Since he has declared it wasn’t his doing, then it must be so. Hence…” Nancy held back what she was about to say. 
When she saw how convinced Nancy was, the intensity in Joan’s eyes eased. 
No matter how ruthless Jory was, he wouldn’t lie to the woman he loved.
“In time, the truth will be revealed. So, don’t worry. It’s just that, we are running out of time.” Joan gradually calmed herself down. 
That’s right, I should trust Nancy. 
“By the way, Nancy, did you manage to talk to Caspian? I met him just before this and he already knows about Jory. Before you tell him the truth, you had better be mindful of that.” Joan gave Nancy a concerned look. 
The sparkle in Nancy’s eye reflected the dilemma she was in. She really didn’t know how to broach the topic with him. She was aware of how much Caspian sacrificed for her and had changed a lot for her sake. But, matters of love can never be forced. 
A loveless marriage would only end in disaster. 
This was a universal truth. 
“I have not told him about it yet as I don’t even know how to explain it to him. Joan, I’m sure you’re aware of how obstinate Caspian is. I’m afraid once I tell him, he will blame Jory and…” Nancy’s expression became awkward. 
“But, Nancy, one day, Caspian will definitely find out about both of you.” Joan was worried.
###Chapter 1775
Chapter 1775 
The longer Nancy allowed the matter to drag on, the higher the chances of it blowing up, not to mention that Caspian was already aware of Jory’s presence. Besides, everyone knew about Nancy’s temperament. There was no way she could resist seeing Jory. If Caspian found out, she would not be able to get away with just an explanation anymore. 
“Joan, why don’t you help me persuade Caspian…” 
“Come over for dinner today,” Simon ordered authoritatively. 
“Dad, what are you doing? I still have an appointment…” Nancy was holding Jory’s picture and staring at it with a smile. 
“No, you must come home!” With that, Simon ended the call. 
Appointment? She must definitely be going to see Jory. The thought of Jory alone caused Simon’s blood to boil. He wondered what had gotten into Nancy to no longer love Caspian who was so devoted to her. Instead, she just had to choose someone like Jory. 
In a blink of an eye, Simon looked a lot older. 
“Hello, Caspian? Are you free tonight? If you are, why don’t you come over for dinner?” Simon spoke genially over the phone. 
Ever since he found out about Nancy’s change of heart in favor of Jory, Simon felt sorry for Caspian. Despite men’s inherent instinct to compete with one another, they were in the best position to understand one another. As a man, Simon could imagine what would go through Caspian’s mind the moment he found out about Nancy’s relationship with Jory.
As tonight’s dinner might be the last one shared by the three of them, Simon’s eyes were filled with sadness. 
Although Caspian wasn’t smart and didn’t know how to be romantic, it was undeniable that he was someone who loved his wife to bits. It was just that fate was unkind to him. 
“Oh Dad, what are you up to? Why must you insist I come home for dinner? Can’t we have it any other night? Why does it have to be tonight?” Nancy grumbled the moment she entered the dining room. 
“Nancy, I’m here.” Before she could finish, she heard Caspian greeting her enthusiastically. 
Why is he here? Nancy glanced at Simon suspiciously. 
“Y-You… Why are you here?” Nancy stuttered. 
“I asked him to come as it has been a long time since we shared a meal together. It’s so rare for us to gather.” Just as he spoke, Simon stood up and headed to the dining table. 
“Come, Caspian, all your favorite dishes are being served tonight. I got the kitchen to prepare them especially for you. Why don’t you give them a try?” Simon gently patted Caspian on his shoulder. 
At that moment, Caspian felt shy given how warm Simon was treating him. 
Given how simple Caspian was, he really assumed that Simon invited him over solely because he wanted the three of them to dine together. However, he found out much later that he had been kept in the dark by everyone. 
“Here, Nancy, this is your favorite.” Caspian served Nancy a piece of meat. 
When she saw the meat on her plate, Nancy couldn’t help but frown.
Given that she had grown used to being intimate with Jory, she now resented everything Caspian had touched. 
“Nancy, why are you spacing out? Your husband has served you your favorite food. Go ahead and eat it,” Simon reminded her. 
“Oh, okay.” To prevent Caspian from suspecting anything, Nancy forced herself to swallow the piece of meat. 
“Caspian, ever since you and Nancy got married, I seldom have the opportunity to dine with both of you. Tonight, we definitely must drink to celebrate.” Just as he spoke, Simon raised his wine glass. 
When he saw how hospitable his father-in-law was, Caspian naturally didn’t shy away. 
Throughout the night, Simon and Caspian drank together. Both of them spoke and laughed so raucously that Nancy couldn’t tell if they were really drunk or still sober. 
“Dad, it’s time we take our leave. Caspian has drunk a lot. I’m afraid he won’t even be able to make his way home if he drinks anymore,” Nancy grumbled softly.
###Chapter 1776
Chapter 1776 
However… 
“Caspian, Caspian, slow down.” Nancy helped him into the bedroom. 
Given that he was truly drunk, Caspian closed his eyes and started to snore the moment he slumped on the bed. All this while, Caspian would try his best to suppress his snoring as he was worried he would disturb Nancy. But that night, he was likely too exhausted. 
When she watched him lying on his bed, Nancy felt reluctant to leave him. 
She recognized that Caspian was a wonderful man. However, she just couldn’t bring herself to love him. 
“Caspian, I’m sorry that you’re not the one I love. Thank you for your patience and understanding. It’s just that we aren’t suited to be husband and wife…” At that moment, Nancy looked exceptionally serious. 
With his eyes closed, she wasn’t sure if Caspian could hear her or not, but she definitely couldn’t bring herself to say something so cruel to him when he was awake. 
“Caspian, did you hear what I say? Caspian…” Nancy shook his body gently. 
With a turn of his body, Caspian had his back facing Nancy. Smacking his lips, he seemed to already be in deep sleep. 
Suddenly, Nancy’s gaze darkened. Perhaps, now is not the right time. She got up and left the room. 
Unbeknownst to her, Caspian was lying in his bed with tears streaming out of his eyes.
What is love? Love is me waiting for you to return no matter what you have done wrong. I will be there until the moment you no longer want to return. 
Ring! Ring! 
“Hello, Caspian?” Joan answered. 
“Joan, I need your help.” Caspian got straight to the point. 
Help? 
Joan looked at Larry quizzically as if he knew something. But, Larry shook his head instead. 
“I want to give Nancy a surprise. Tomorrow is our third anniversary, so…” Caspian hesitated bashfully. 
Although Caspian didn’t finish his sentence, Joan already knew what he was thinking about. Hence, she agreed to help him. 
In truth, Caspian had noticed that Nancy had been avoiding him regardless of whether she was conscious about it or not. 
“Caspian wants to give Nancy a surprise. So, he needs us to help him make some arrangements,” Joan explained to Larry softly. 
With regards to Caspian’s request, both of them were more than delighted to help. If the surprise could salvage their marriage, it was definitely worth a try. No one wanted to see Nancy and Caspian head down the path of divorce. 
“Nancy, are you free tomorrow? I would like to see you about something.” Joan gave Nancy a call at once. 
“Joan, if it’s for tomorrow, why are you calling me today?” Nancy took a sip of coffee.
“I’m giving you advance notice given how busy you are,” Joan replied on purpose. 
She was aware that Nancy would definitely be spending time with Jory. 
“Tomorrow, Joan wants to meet me about something. So, I won’t be able to see you.” Nancy held onto Jory’s hand with a reluctant expression. 
“It’s alright. Go ahead with whatever you need to do.” Jory pinched her cheeks. 
The next moment, Nancy blushed bashfully. 
That was what a woman in love looked like. 
Love was like a poison—it could cause one to lose their senses and also break all their principles. No one expected Nancy to fall for a man whom she rejected before. 
“Nancy, are you free tomorrow?” Caspian gave Nancy a servile look. 
It had been a long time since he saw her smile. Every time she came home, she would greet him and head to her room, looking exhausted. 
“Mmm-hmm. I’m meeting Joan tomorrow.” Nancy sat languidly on the sofa.
###Chapter 1777
Chapter 1777 
Caspian grinned from the corner of his mouth. 
Finally, it was the day of their third anniversary. When Caspian and Nancy first got together, he had already made an effort to remember every special occasion—Nancy’s birthday, their wedding anniversary, etc. Romance wasn’t something he knew well but he certainly tried to be romantic. 
“Joan, what is it that you want to see me about?” Nancy looked at Joan inquisitively. 
They had never chosen the beach as a venue for their meetings. 
“Nancy, tell me, are you really giving up on Caspian?” Joan looked at Nancy intently. 
As both of them had been through a lot in their relationship, Joan felt that it would be a pity if Nancy left Caspian out on impulse. 
“Joan, I know. Perhaps it might sound like a joke to you but I really love Jory, and he, me. Between Caspian and me, the spark is somehow just missing,” Nancy answered with a serious expression. 
Joan realized how adamant Nancy was and there was no way she could change Nancy’s mind. 
“Nancy!” With a bouquet of roses in hand, Caspian suddenly appeared dressed in a white suit. His outfit made Nancy and him look like a wonderful match. 
Caught by surprise, Nancy stood there stunned as she couldn’t remember what the occasion was. 
“Nancy, perhaps this is the last time. So treasure it while you can.” Joan glanced at Nancy before looking at the approaching Caspian.
Caspian has done more than he ever could. If Nancy doesn’t change her mind, he can only blame fate for his predicament. 
Amidst the gentle sea breeze and the warmth from the sun, seagulls were flying far by the horizon while soothing music played in the background. Caspian walked up to Nancy with the roses in his hand. Despite not being one for words, he was someone that was passionate. His feelings for her were obvious from the longing look in his eyes. 
“Nancy, do you still remember? Today is our third anniversary together. All this while, I never knew how to make a girl happy. But, from the day I knew you, I have learned how to remember every special occasion.” Caspian began explaining in a passionate tone. 
Meanwhile, Larry was shocked to see Caspian’s current expression. He had never seen this emotional side of Caspian before. 
It was obvious how deep his love was for Nancy. 
Suddenly, Larry’s eyes darkened when he remembered that Nancy wanted a divorce with Caspian. 
“This is a gift for you.” Caspian handed her a box. 
After glancing at the people around her, Nancy opened the box. Inside, there was a necklace with both her and Caspian’s names engraved on it. However, she could only respond with a forced smile. 
“Caspian, why did you go through all this trouble? I’m not a little girl anymore,” Nancy replied awkwardly. 
There was no way she could reject Caspian’s gift in front of so many people. 
After glancing at Joan and then back at Caspian, Nancy collected herself.
“Let’s go grab a bite. Caspian, given how much effort you put into this, I’m sure you must have prepared some food.” Nancy changed the topic on purpose. 
She really doesn’t appreciate it. Joan couldn’t help but shake her head. 
Perhaps, their relationship has passed the point of no return. Divorce is just a matter of time. 
Prior to that, Joan had hoped that Nancy would be moved into changing her mind about Caspian. But right then, it was obvious that all her hopes were dashed. 
“Alright, alright, Nancy is famished, so let’s go eat!” Briefly stunned, Caspian quickly regained his senses. 
Larry looked at Joan helplessly while she had a conflicted expression on her face. 
As Caspian wasn’t someone meticulous, he didn’t notice the expression on Nancy’s face. If not for him having overheard Nancy telling him that there was no love between them while he was drunk, he wouldn’t have enlisted Larry and Joan’s help.
###Chapter 1778
Chapter 1778 
Suddenly, Joan’s phone rang. When she saw that it was Dustin calling, she was shocked. 
Over the last few days, she had lost count of the number of times she tried to call him. Right then, he was finally calling her back. 
“Hello? Joan, did you call me?” Dustin’s voice sounded languid. 
“That’s right, I called you many times but you didn’t answer. Where are you now?” Joan asked anxiously. 
Now that they finally got in touch with Dustin, it was indeed a great news to both Larry and Joan. He definitely knows something about Alpire Group’s takeover of Norton Corporation. 
“I’m overseas. Why? I’ve been feeling exhausted for a while now, so I decided to leave the country.” 
Overseas? Why would he suddenly go overseas? Joan looked at Larry in disbelief. 
“When are you coming back? I need to talk to you.” Joan waited in anticipation for Dustin’s answer. 
“Sure, I’ll be back tomorrow.” After making a little small talk, both of them ended the call. 
From Dustin’s tone, Joan could sense that he had no idea what was going on. However, he is very close to Jory and is deeply involved in Alpire Group. 
If it’s not Dustin nor Jory, who else can it be? Joan couldn’t think of anyone else. 
“Don’t worry. The truth will be revealed once he is back. As long as I’m here, the company will be fine.” Larry helped Joan massaged her temple.
Suddenly, he felt guilty as she had to share his burden of worrying about the company. 
“Why do you say that, Larry? Your troubles are also mine. Didn’t we say so before? No matter what happens, we will face them together.” 
Without any hesitation, Dustin booked a ticket and flew back into the country. 
Jory had already gotten in touch with Dustin earlier. When he found out that Dustin had nothing to do with the takeover, he didn’t say anything further. 
“Dustin, I’m sure you have heard about Alpire Group’s takeover of Norton Corporation’s subsidiary over the last few days.” Joan looked at him intently. 
“Norton Corporation? Subsidiary? Joan, if you want to speak to me about the company, I think Larry would be in a better position to do so.” Dustin took a sip of coffee. 
The thing he hated the most was her speaking out for another man, even if she did so willingly. Unfortunately, the harsh reality was that Joan only loved Larry. 
“Dustin, stop messing around. Tell me, do you have anything to do with this?” Joan looked at him warily as she pleaded. 
With her eyes filled with sadness, it was obvious to Dustin how much pain she was in. However, he just refused to accept the fact that Larry was the one she loved. 
“Joan, would you believe me if I told you that I had nothing to do with the takeover?” Dustin looked at Joan with anticipation. 
He wanted to know if she trusted him. 
Joan hesitated at his question.
Who else could it be? I mean, who else has the authority to instruct Alpire Group to execute the takeover? 
“Dustin, tell me the truth. Does this really have nothing to do with you?” Joan asked again. 
Dustin snorted as he knew Larry’s wellbeing was all that Joan cared about at that moment. 
In truth, he wasn’t the one behind the takeover but the end result was something that he had wished for. Somehow, someone knew of his intentions and brought forward the takeover plan. 
However, he could sense all the sadness and pain she was going through. 
Jory is right. Her happiness is what makes me happy, while her sadness naturally affects me too. By then, his emotions were no longer within his control. Instead, they were simply being dictated by her.
###Chapter 1779
Chapter 1779 
Sometimes, Dustin didn’t even understand why he loved her so much. Is it because she is beautiful? Has a good figure? Or knows a lot? 
No, none of the above. Love can never be explained. 
It was just a comforting feeling where one could immerse oneself in. However, this same feeling was causing Dustin pain. 
“Alright, Joan, I’ll be frank with you. I am not the one behind the takeover. With regards to who is responsible, we are still investigating.” A stern expression suddenly emerged on Dustin’s face. 
Despite how much he resented Larry, he wouldn’t stoop so low as to utterly ruin him. Furthermore, he was aware of what sort of fate would befall Larry if Norton Corporation was taken over. By then, Larry wouldn’t be the only one devastated, Joan would definitely feel the same, which wasn’t something he wanted. 
“If it wasn’t you…” Joan mumbled. Who else could it be? 
Life was indeed complicated. Even such a trivial issue could cause so many other problems, not to mention all the other issues or people Joan wasn’t aware of. 
“Larry, I met Dustin today and he denied that he was behind the takeover.” Joan held Larry’s hand tightly as if to comfort him. 
As Larry looked out the window at the pitch-black sky, his expression darkened. 
He knew that there were tons of people waiting to harm him, such as the company shareholders, commercial competitors, and even members of prominent families that just didn’t like him. All of them
saw him as a thorn in their fleshes. 
“Alright, let’s not think about it anymore. Everything will be fine. I’ll take care of it.” As Larry hugged Joan tightly, the strength from his arms provided her with a sense of security. 
Faced with threats on all sides, Larry had no choice but to pick up his former boldness and make a comeback within the corporate world. 
With his eyes filled with resolve, Larry recovered the determined expression he used to have. 
“Larry, do you think the company will…” Joan stopped halfway. 
“No, it won’t. Don’t worry. As long as I’m still around, I will not let the company come to any harm,” Larry comforted her as he gently patted her on the shoulder. 
“But, we don’t even know who was behind the takeover. How are we even going to turn this around?” Joan looked at him quizzically. 
The one who took over Norton Corporation’s subsidiary… 
Since it was neither Jory nor Dustin… 
A cold glint flashed within Larry’s eyes. 
Perhaps, that person will show himself soon. 
Ring! Ring! Larry saw that it was Caspian that was calling. 
“Larry, I just heard about what happened to the company. I fell behind because I was busy with Nancy over the last few days. So, tell me what your plans are?” Caspian remarked with resolve.
Larry was glad that he had a friend like Caspian—someone who was willing to jump through fire for his sake. 
“Larry, what do you need done?” Caspian got straight to the point. 
He was someone forthright and didn’t like beating around the bush. The first time Alpire Group acquired a Norton Corporation subsidiary, Larry had Caspian observe from the sidelines. But right then, given how the situation had deteriorated, Larry had no choice but to put Caspian to work. Or else, he would be forced to resign by the shareholders. 
“Caspian, don’t be hasty. The issue isn’t as simple as we think. We can’t wrongly accuse an innocent, but neither can we let the guilty escape,” Larry plainly replied. 
Don’t be hasty? Under such dire circumstances, do we even have the luxury to take things slow? Caspian felt extremely anxious. 
“Larry, isn’t it obvious? Alpire Group is the culprit. They are the ones who initiated the takeover. What is there left to deliberate about?” Caspian retorted impatiently.
###Chapter 1780
Chapter 1780 
He had long resented Alpire Group because of their earlier attempt at taking over Norton Corporation and after he heard about Jory’s return. 
After calming Caspian down, Larry turned on his computer and looked through some data and documents about the company. 
Ding! Larry took a quick glance and saw that it was a message notification. 
It was a text message from Gabriella: Mr. Norton, are you free for a cup of coffee tomorrow? 
Larry was puzzled as to why Gabriella would want to invite him for coffee during such a time. Sensing that she was definitely up to no good, he rejected her right away. 
Given that he already had Joan, Larry subconsciously kept his distance from Gabriella. 
Gabriella was enraged by his rejection, causing her hatred toward him to intensify. 
“Hmph, it seems you have been very busy.” Gabriella barged into Jory’s office. 
Jory wasn’t surprised by Gabriella’s sudden appearance at all. He had accepted their partnership and had seen her for who she truly was. 
“What are you doing here?” Jory asked coldly without even looking up. 
Gabriella swaggered her way up to Jory. “I’m here to see my partner. Am I not allowed to do so?” 
Partner? Jory sneered. 
Can it be that she is behind the recent acquisition of Norton Corporation’s subsidiary by Alpire Group?
It was human nature to always stir trouble until they got what they wanted. Given that Gabriella couldn’t be together with Larry, she naturally couldn’t stand to see Larry living happily together with Joan, not to mention she was kicked out because of Larry. 
“If you have something to say, spit it out. Or else, leave.” Jory would never treat a person such as Gabriella with respect. If not for Nancy, he would never even consider working with her. 
“Why are you in a hurry to chase me out, Mr. Synder? Aren’t we partners after all?” Gabriella winked at him while smiling deviously. 
Given how sharp he was, Gabriella’s actions did not escape Jory’s notice. Prior to this, he turned a blind eye when Gabriella pushed for Alpire Group to acquire Norton Corporation’s subsidiary. After all, that was what Dustin wanted too. So, what does she want today? 
“Tell me, what do you want?” Jory glared at her coldly. 
“Fine. Since you’re so eager to know, I’ll not beat around the bush. By now, I’m sure you would have guessed that my ive is to have Larry to myself. The recent acquisition of Norton Corporation’s subsidiary is just a trivial matter. As for me, I will help you remove Caspian. How about that? I’m sure that you will be very happy with this deal.” Gabriella tousled her own hair. 
As Nancy was everything to Jory, she firmly believed that it was a deal he couldn’t refuse. 
However, Jory suddenly recalled that Nancy had told him before that Larry and Joan were her best friends and she didn’t want to see them get hurt. 
“So how about it? Mr. Synder?” Gabriella gave Jory a suspicious look. 
“I wonder what will happen if Caspian found out about you and Nancy. Would he go crazy…” Gabriella remarked on purpose.
Jory had no idea what Caspian was like. However, he had heard that Caspian was extremely stubborn. If Nancy was somehow hurt because of him, it would definitely not be worth the risk. Given how difficult it was for him to get back together with her, Jory would not tolerate her getting hurt at all. 
However… 
“So, Mr. Synder. Have you made up your mind?” Gabriella looked at him in anticipation. 
Staring back at Gabriella, Jory smiled insidiously. As both of them shook on the deal, it was considered to be done.
###Chapter 1781
Chapter 1781 
If they were successful, the result would be in Dustin’s interest. 
“Larry, have you found out who did it?” Joan looked anxiously at him. 
Recently, Larry was having trouble sleeping every night. Joan felt bad for him when she saw the dark circles under his eyes. 
“Not yet,” Larry plainly replied. 
“Don’t worry, it will be alright. We will find a solution no matter what.” Larry held her shoulders tightly. 
Other than staying by Larry’s side and facing the crisis together, Joan didn’t know what else she could do. 
Fate was always cruel. Just when one’s life was at its happiest, it would throw a wrench into it so that one would be woken up to face reality and the problems that came along with it. 
“Joan, one day, when I have lost everything, would you still choose to be with me?” Larry suddenly asked softly. 
Briefly stunned, Joan quickly regained her senses. 
“Of course I will. No matter what becomes of you, I will always be by your side, as long as you don’t leave me.” Joan snuggled into his embrace. 
Those were the most touching words he had heard of recently. 
Ever since the incident, all of the shareholders avoided him. They neither offered their help nor support. Instead, they couldn’t wait for him to be removed from his position and leave in disgrace.
Both Larry and Joan weren’t aware that Jory and Gabriella had struck a deal, and Gabriella had already put her plan into action. 
“Have you offended anyone previously?” Joan asked inquisitively. 
Offended someone? 
He had tons of enemies and had no time to investigate them one by one. All he could do was start from the biggest suspects. 
“Sigh, Larry, can it be someone that fancies you? Perhaps, she is trying to gain your attention by doing this…” Joan carefully probed as if she had suddenly thought of something. 
“Silly gal, where did that thought come from? You are the only one I care about in this world. Enough, stop letting your imagination run while. Everything will be fine. I will get to the bottom of this.” Larry stroked her hair gently. 
However, after hearing Joan’s words. A woman came to Larry’s mind. She had just sent him a message last night. 
Yes, that woman in question was Gabriella. 
Can it be that Gabriella is involved? Larry’s expression darkened. 
She has been chased out of her family. With her current influence, how is it possible for her to persuade Alpire Group to acquire Norton Corporation’s subsidiary? 
Unless… 
Unless she has something to extort Alpire Group with.
“Hello, help me investigate this woman called Gabriella. That’s right…” Larry recovered his cold expression of old. 
It seemed that there was more to the matter than it meets the eye. 
Looking at the dark night sky, Larry fell into deep thought. 
“Did you do it?” Dustin sat on the bar stool as she looked at Gabriella suspiciously. 
“So what if I did? Aren’t you supposed to thank me?” Gabriella took a sip of red wine. 
Dustin couldn’t figure out what Gabriella was thinking. By scheming behind the scenes, isn’t she forcing Larry toward his doom? 
In this world, everyone was indeed different. Gabriella was someone ruthless and was willing to do anything to achieve her ives. In the event she failed to get whatever she wanted, she would rather destroy it herself than let someone else have it, especially when it came to matters of the heart. 
As for Nancy, she did whatever she wanted without a care for her reputation. While she was frolicking with Jory, Caspian was anxiously trying to figure out what he could do to make her happy. 
As the days went by, Larry was still investigating the takeover while Gabriella was waiting for him to come and see her.
###Chapter 1782
Chapter 1782 
“Nancy, about your divorce…” In the hotel, Jory stopped mid-sentence. 
Divorce? 
Suddenly, Nancy’s gaze darkened. After such a long time, she still didn’t have the courage to tell Caspian about the divorce. But right then, she had no choice but to face reality. She wanted to make public her relationship with Jory and to marry him. But, Caspian was still a problem. 
She knew that he was an obstinate man. If she brought up the divorce suddenly, she was worried that he couldn’t accept it and then… 
“Jory, I will definitely tell him about it. It’s just that he is stubborn and may not be able to accept it…” Nancy lost her courage. 
Previously, she had steeled her heart to divorce him. But later on, Caspian would constantly surprise her with touching gestures, all of which caused Nancy’s guilt to intensify. 
“What kind of person is he? If you feel that it’s too difficult for you, I think I can…” Jory hugged her slender waist tightly. 
“No, Jory, don’t interfere. The divorce is between Caspian and me. If you meddle with it, it will only make things more complicated.” Nancy’s eyes were filled with resolve. 
She was right. If Caspian found out about Jory and her, he would definitely not let Jory get away. 
A desperate man was capable of anything, let alone one as stubborn as Caspian. 
However, given how long it had been, Caspian naturally noticed something was amiss.
“Joan, I feel that Nancy has changed,” Caspian remarked, looking disheartened. 
Joan was immediately alert. “How? Caspian?” 
“Joan, I’ll be frank with you. Nancy and I haven’t slept with each other in a very long time. Furthermore, when I was drunk one day, she even whispered in my ear saying…” Caspian recounted what happened the other day. 
When Joan saw how dejected Caspian was, she suddenly pitied him. She knew how much Nancy meant to Caspian, but she was also aware that Nancy loved Jory. 
“Joan, actually there’s something I have never told you before. Some time ago, I saw Nancy holding another man’s arms walking into the mall. They were hugging and laughing with each other.” Caspian’s expression darkened. 
Holding another man’s arm? 
Could it be Jory? 
Does Caspian already know? 
Suddenly, Joan began to worry but it wasn’t about Nancy. She was concerned that Caspian would do something impulsive. 
“Did you see who it was?” Joan carefully probed. 
Caspian shook his head. “It was too far away, so I didn’t get a good look.” 
Luckily he didn’t recognize Jory. 
“But, I wonder if it was Jory?” Caspian gave Joan an inquisitive look.
Clasping her hands anxiously, Joan tried to calm herself down. 
No matter how foolish a man was, he would naturally become smarter when it came to matters of the heart. Just like in a marriage, a woman would instinctively know if the man was up to something. Furthermore, Nancy’s obvious treatment of Caspian didn’t help matters at all. 
“Caspian, are you overthinking it? Perhaps, it was your father-in-law.” Joan tried to defuse the situation. 
“Yes, you’re right. It might have been him. But from his figure, it doesn’t look like him.” Caspian furrowed his eyebrows slightly. 
Of course, it doesn’t. Jory and Simon’s figures look totally different from each other. 
“Didn’t you say that it was too far away for you to see properly? Enough, stop letting your imagination run wild. Today, it will be my treat. After all, you have been a big help to Larry given what has happened recently.” Joan changed the topic quickly. 
“Sigh, Joan. Don’t be a stranger. Larry is my best buddy. So, I am just doing my duty,” Caspian replied with a smile.
###Chapter 1783
Chapter 1783 
At that moment, a woman was sitting in a corner of the restaurant, staring daggers at them. 
“Gabriella?” In his office, Larry answered his phone with a frown. 
“Alright, I know.” Larry ended the call. Just as expected, she is working with Alpire Group. 
Looking out the window, Larry’s eyes flashed with curiosity. What is she really up to? 
“Wait, Mr. Norton is busy.” Suddenly, Dustin barged into Larry’s office. 
“What are you doing here?” Larry looked at the intruder sternly. 
“I’m just curious as to how much progress you have made with your problem?” Dustin gloated with a smirk. 
“Thanks for your concern. I’m handling it right now.” 
Handling it? Dustin scoffed. 
“Mr. Norton, I would like to remind you that no matter who it was that acquired Norton Corporation’s subsidiary, I would like you to keep your eyes open and not implicate innocents,” Dustin snapped. 
Jory was the heir to Alpire Group which acquired Norton Corporation’s subsidiary. Hence, he didn’t want Larry to blame Jory for everything. Furthermore, Jory was his best friend and he didn’t want Jory to be wrongly accused. 
“Don’t worry, the truth will be revealed eventually. Regardless of what the result is, someone will be held accountable as I will ferret out the person behind this.” Larry glared coldly at Dustin.
Ever since Alpire Group repeatedly took over Norton Corporation’s subsidiaries. Larry suddenly regained the prowess he used to have in business. 
Ring! Ring! 
Larry checked his phone and answered. 
“Hello, Joan?” 
“Sure, sure. Anything will do. As long as it’s by you, I will definitely like it. Alright, I’ll come back earlier today…” 
When he heard Joan’s name, Dustin’s heart dropped, causing him to leave the office in silence. 
“Nancy, I have to let you know that Caspian saw you and Jory at the mall. You have to be more careful and find an opportunity to tell him the truth. You have to do it sooner or later anyway. Besides, it’s better than him finding out.” Joan looked at Nancy with concern. 
“But, Joan, I really don’t know how to tell him. Did you know that he has been trying his best to impress me recently?” Nancy was in a dilemma. 
“But what do you plan to do? You want a divorce because you love Jory and not him. If you don’t do something about this soon, a lot more people will get hurt.” Joan was furious. 
Nancy was never like that. 
She was the one who insisted on getting a divorce, and now she has doubts about her own decision. 
Nancy fell silent. 
No matter how persistent a woman was, there would always be times when she wavered. Nancy wasn’t blind to how much effort Caspian had put into the relationship.
Ring! Ring! Her phone suddenly rang. 
Checking it, she saw that it was Caspian. At that moment, she instinctively felt like avoiding him. 
As the screen continued to blink with his name, Nancy didn’t have the courage to pick up. 
The phone continued to ring as if it would do so for eternity until she answered. After Joan gave Nancy a look, she answered the phone on her behalf. 
“Hello, Caspian?” Joan replied softly. 
“Oh, Joan, it’s you. Where’s Nancy?” Caspian sounded concerned. 
“I’m having lunch with her. But she’s at the ladies now,” Joan casually replied. 
However, Joan could detect that something was amiss in Caspian’s tone, causing her to worry. 
“Caspian, what’s wrong?” 
“Erm, it’s nothing. I… erm… let’s talk about it some other time.” 
Some other time? 
Joan was certain something was wrong. What could cause a straightforward man like Caspian to stutter to that extent?
###Chapter 1784
Chapter 1784 
Caspian hung up the phone right after. 
“What’s the matter? What did he say?” Curious and puzzled, Nancy stared at Joan. 
“It’s nothing. I’m just wondering how you’re doing. Nothing special.” Joan decided to just keep it to herself. 
She knew that something must have happened with Caspian. As for what happened, the woman decided to just leave it to Larry. Joan left after chatting for a bit with Nancy. 
Even though she was mad, they were still family. Joan had only wanted to let Nancy come clean to Caspian sooner. That was why she had thrown a tantrum previously. She did not wish for unintended consequences to happen, nor did she want the two people to get hurt. 
Right then, Joan suddenly felt thankful for having Larry around. Otherwise, she would have no idea what to do. 
“Larry, please talk to Caspian to see if he’s alright. I think that something’s off with him from the way he stuttered when he was talking to Nancy today…” Joan circled her arms around Larry’s and muttered in a low voice. 
“What’s the matter? Is Nancy still thinking about divorcing Caspian?” Larry combed through her hair with his fingers. 
“Yes, she seems quite adamant about it, but she has no idea how to tell him.” 
Larry snickered.
So what if she had said it? Caspian would never agree to it anyway! 
When a man fell in a love with a woman, it would be near impossible for him to let her go, no matter the circumstances. Caspian was crazy about Nancy. Thus, he would never easily let go of a woman whom he loved. 
“What’s the matter with Caspian today?” Larry asked in a low voice. 
“I have no idea. He stuttered when he called Nancy today as if there was something he wanted to say to her, but in the end, he said nothing. So, I’m asking you to figure it out. It will be easier if you guys talked it out instead…” Joan said as she toyed with Larry’s palm. 
“Okay, I’ll talk to him tomorrow…” 
Larry’s phone rang right then. 
Joan cast a glance at the clock on the desk and creased her brows. 
Who is calling at this ungodly hour? 
However, she knew that Larry had been swamped with work lately. She turned and looked out the window. 
“Mr. Norton, I heard that you’re looking for me?” An enticing voice rang in Larry’s ears. 
“Yes, we’ll talk tomorrow,” the man replied and was about to hang up. 
“Hey, Mr. Norton. You’re the one who’s looking for me. I have something on tomorrow, and won’t be able to make time for you. You have to come over tonight if you want to see me,” Gabriella cut to the chase and said.
Come over tonight? A cold glint fleeted across his eyes. He turned to look at the woman beside him, but she had already shut her eyes. 
“Send me the address,” he said before hanging up. 
Then, he pecked Joan on the forehead before getting up to leave. 
Larry closed the door softly behind him, but it still woke Joan up. 
It’s already so late. Where is he going? If she heard it correctly, it was a woman’s voice on the other end of the phone. 
She got off the bed and walked to the window. After a while, she saw Larry getting into the car. 
It should have something to do with work, right? It’s already so late. Larry should know where the line is; it doesn’t matter whether he’s meeting a man or a woman. At that moment, Joan reassured herself over and over. 
It was already late night, but the hour did not deter those night-owls. The city was still abuzz with people, especially in nightclubs and bars. 
“Mr. Norton, you’re indeed a man of your words. You made it, even though it’s already so late.” Gabriella swirled her tall glass of wine; the glint of the ruby liquid was enough to enchant the weak- minded. 
Larry stared at the woman before him with a puzzled look on his face. How exactly did this woman manage to bag a deal with the Alpire Group? 
“Take a seat.” The woman gave him an enticing smile. It was apparent that she was already tipsy.
###Chapter 1785
Chapter 1785 
“It’s already so late. Why did you call?” Larry peered at her. 
“Hmm? What? Have you forgotten that you’re the one who’s looking for me, Mr. Norton? I’m making time to meet up with you today…” Gabriella staggered as she approached Larry. 
She made time? Larry snorted. 
“You’re drunk. We will talk tomorrow.” Larry got up and wanted to leave. 
“Hey, Larry Norton!” Gabriella reached out to grab his arm and stopped him. 
Gabriella widened her eyes and stared right into the man’s eyes. It has to be tonight… 
Gosh… He’s still so charming and handsome. 
“I’m not drunk. I’m perfectly sober right now.” Gabriella swirled the glass in her hands again. 
She’s perfectly sober? 
Bemused, Larry did not believe a single word she said. 
“Okay, let’s talk.” The man took his seat again. 
At that, Gabriella’s lips curled into a triumphant smile. 
“Why did you do that?” Larry decided to not beat around the bush and said. 
He did not wish to squander his time with Gabriella, lest the undue delay brought him more trouble.
“Why did I do that? Larry, have you forgotten that I, Gabriella, always get what I want. And if I can’t have it, I’m going to destroy it…” the woman answered in a low voice as she sipped on her wine. 
Her answer was crystal clear. 
He could only choose between his company or the woman he loved. If he had chosen the company, he would have to abandon Joan. On the other hand, he would have to prepare himself for a rebuttal from his shareholders. 
What a vicious woman. 
Larry eyeballed the woman before him. He had never imagined that the woman was capable of such things. 
“Really? Then what is it that you want this time?” Larry ordered a glass of wine as well. 
“You. I want nothing else. But you.” Gabriella muttered. 
“Gabriella, I think you should be well aware that I have a wife. I will not lay a finger on another woman. Besides, I only love her.” Larry rejected the woman outright. 
Joan Watts? Gabriella sneered at the thought. 
So what if you already have Joan? You still have to turn to me to solve the problems in your life. 
“Larry, let me put it this way. Between your company and the woman you love, which one will you choose?” Gabriella asked, despite knowing his answer. 
Is she really asking me this question? Larry snickered in response. 
He thought Gabriella really thought too highly of herself. Did she really think that the company wouldn’t be able to survive without her?
However, he knew that the woman would not give up that easily. 
“That’s it. You’re drunk, so you should head home now. I will settle the matters at the company,” Larry muttered in a low voice. 
He did not wish to waste another second on this woman. Even though the company was important, Larry considered Joan to be his lifeline as well. He had never been threatened like that in his whole life. Gabriella was the first, and Larry vowed that the woman would be the last one as well. 
“Larry!” Gabriella hurled herself at Larry all of a sudden. 
“Gabriella!” Larry was furious. 
Then, she closed her eyes as if she had just fainted. 
“Gabriella, Gabriella!” Larry shook the woman’s arms but to no avail. She merely slumped in his embrace, unconscious. 
Any onlookers would have mistaken that they were engaged in a passionate exchange given Gabriella’s exposed clothing and their suggestive manner. 
“Gabriella Ward!” Larry glowered. Meanwhile, a phone in a corner was recording the whole exchange. 
Seeing that she remained unconscious, Larry steadied the woman to his car and drove her to the hospital. 
At that moment, Gabriella had fallen asleep. She thought that the man would have brought her to a hotel room. To her surprise, the man had brought her to a hospital instead. 
The next day, Gabriella was stumped to realize where she was.
###Chapter 1786
Chapter 1786 
“Doctor! Doctor!” Gabriella shrieked, sending the doctor and nurses rushing into her ward. 
“What’s the matter with me? Who sent me here?” Confounded, she eyeballed the medical staff fanned out before her. 
“Miss, you had too much to drink yesterday night and was suffering from an alcohol overdose. A man sent you here…” A nurse explained to her. 
Last night? Alcohol overdose? That’s impossible! I was drinking with Larry last night, and then… I think I drank too much… And then…. What happened? 
Gabriella’s mind was blank as she sat upright on the hospital bed, trying to knock some sense back into her head exasperatedly. 
She had planned to let Larry send her to a hotel, and then she would try to take some photos or videos that might make Joan jealous. Damn it! I actually blacked out from drinking too much. 
Then, Gabriella got up slowly and made her way to the window. 
Ding! Her phone pinged with a message. She took out her phone to check her mailbox. 
It was an email from Jory containing all the photos of her being together with Larry yesterday night. 
An evil glint fleeted across her eyes that moment. 
“Larry, where did you go last night? Why did you need to head out so late last night?” Joan asked. 
The man looked at her and decided to keep what happened last night to himself.
“I have a lot to deal with in the company. So, I will be quite busy lately,” he explained as he caressed the woman’s hair. 
Was he really out to deal with the company’s matters and nothing more? Joan’s face fell, disappointed at his answer. 
As an attempt to steer the topic in another direction, Larry asked, “How is Nancy doing?” 
He did not wish to disclose what happened with Gabriella to her, apprehensive that Joan might overthink the trivial matter. Besides, she had nothing to worry about anyway, not especially regarding him and another woman. Larry knew he only had eyes for Joan. 
“Same old, same old. Nancy didn’t love Caspian and thought that both of them would suffer if they stayed together any longer. Hence, she was thinking that it might be better if they separate…” Joan replied in a small voice. 
Am I really telling Larry that? Or is that a message for myself? 
“Alright, don’t overthink this. Nobody knows what the future holds. I will talk to Caspian, but I don’t think we should get involved in what is clearly a matter to be resolved between the two,” the man said as he circled her in his embrace tightly. 
Love was blinding and could easily drown people in apprehension as well. 
Meanwhile, Joan did not know whether she and Larry would continue to live the rest of their lives together. However, one thing was for sure – she was going to treasure every moment spent with him. 
“Larry, I’m saying this just in case. If, and I mean if, one day you’ve met the girl of your dreams who feel the same about you. You’ve got to let me know, okay?” Joan lifted her head and looked straight into the man’s eyes.
Larry was stumped. What is she saying? 
Aren’t you the woman I love? 
“Joan, you’re the woman I love, and you will be my last, as well as my only one. Joan, we’re in this for the long haul…” Larry pinched her cheeks. 
Joan was overwhelmed with bliss at that moment. Maybe, just maybe, the voice on the phone last night wasn’t a woman’s… Maybe I was just imagining things. 
Feeling reassured by her husband’s words, she hugged him. 
Ding… It was Caspian calling. 
“Larry, where are you? I need to talk to you.” Caspian sounded weary. 
Larry cast a glance in Joan’s direction with a glint in his eyes. 
“Okay, where are you right now? I’ll get there as soon as I can…” 
Larry knew it was no minor matter if it warranted Caspian asking him out like that. 
“Caspian, are you serious?” Larry looked at the man before him in disbelief. 
Never in a million years would he have imagined that Caspian would do such a thing. However, those words did just come out of his mouth. What the hell is going on?
###Chapter 1787
Chapter 1787 
“Larry, I don’t dare to face Nancy because of this. I know that I’m in the wrong here.” The man’s voice shook uncontrollably. 
Caspian had always loved Nancy, and no other women even came close. He wasn’t sure if he could forgive himself for what had happened, let alone thinking about if Nancy would ever forgive him. 
“What about that woman? Where is she?” Larry asked in a low voice. 
He never thought Caspian would ever betray Nancy. 
“She’s still at the hotel… She’s asking me to be responsible for her because I’ve taken her virginity…” Caspian kept his head low. 
Larry was rendered speechless right then. 
He actually did not know much about what was going on between Nancy and Caspian. Hence, he had always thought that Caspian was in the wrong, while Nancy was adamant about getting a divorce. It seemed like the relationship had really gone to the point of no return. 
“What do you plan to do next?” Larry regarded Caspian with a serious look. 
Caspian was a responsible man, and he would never shirk his duty. Hence, Larry knew that this man would not just abandon the woman in the hotel. 
“Larry… I… To be honest, I don’t know what to do. I love Nancy, and I don’t want to hurt her. But I can’t just leave the woman in the hotel…” Caspian sighed as he shook his head, exasperated about his next move.
What on earth is happening right now? 
While Nancy was trying to divorce Caspian, he just went ahead and had sex with another woman in a hotel? 
It’s just one thing after another, isn’t it? 
“What do you plan to do with Nancy, though?” Larry reminded Caspian. 
“I don’t know… I don’t know… I can’t think straight right now…” Caspian clasped his head in exasperation. 
It was Larry’s first time seeing him so frustrated. 
However, what they did not know was that everything that happened to Caspian was within another man’s control. 
“Mr. Synder.” Gabriella appeared in Jory’s office all of a sudden. 
“Why are you here? Don’t come here unless you’ve got something important.” Jory spared her no niceties. 
Just looking at the woman was enough to spoil his day. 
“Mr. Synder, what’s with that attitude? We’re partners right now. How could you treat your partner like that?” Gabriella mocked. 
Jory snickered. Partner? I’ve never seen this woman move a finger for me, and yet she dares to call herself my partner. 
All the talk about letting her handle the thing with Caspian, and yet, nothing fruitful came of it.
“I’m here to break a really good news to you, Mr. Synder.” Gabriella smiled, deliberately beating around the bush. 
What good news? 
Jory looked at the woman before him with a puzzled look on his face. 
What good news can she possibly bring? 
“Why? Are you that busy that you don’t even have the time to enjoy good news, Mr. Synder? Fine then, I’ll come again some other day.” Gabriella turned around and was about to walk out of the office. 
Looking at the woman before him, Jory clenched his fist tight. 
She’s acting all high and mighty just because I was nice to her for one moment. What’s next, huh? Is she going to sh*t all over my head? 
“Stand right there. Get straight to the point, and don’t waste my time,” Jory barked. 
He had always loathed others beating around the bush. 
Gabriella was stunned by the sudden domineering aura. 
“Mr. Synder, why are you so mad? I’m just joking with you. How could you take it so seriously? Chill, Mr. Synder. Here, have a cup of tea…” Gabriella tried to appease the man. 
She still needed to depend on the man for money to spend, so she couldn’t afford to offend him. 
Jory took his seat and gauged the woman before him.
“Gabriella, you’d better get this straight. We’re only partners. You should know better what you can or cannot do or talk about. I’m not pinning all my hopes on you for this Caspian thing.” Jory threw a derisive look at Gabriella.
###Chapter 1788
Chapter 1788 
Gabriella knew Jory was right. 
He did not need her to get things done. 
At the same time, Jory was starting to think that something must have gone wrong with him when he agreed to work together with the woman. 
“Okay, Mr. Synder. I was just joking with you. Why are you getting so worked up? I really do have a piece of good news for you…” Gabriella took a seat beside the man. 
Jory gauged the woman again. 
“Don’t worry, Caspian has been dealt with. I always achieve what I set out to do. You’re going to be able to get together with Nancy in no time.” A wicked glint flashed in her eyes. 
Only Gabriella could have been capable of such a despicable act, setting Caspian up so that the man would leave Nancy out of overwhelming guilt for what he had done. 
“Oh, what have you done?” Jory was starting to get intrigued. 
“As for how I’ve done it, I don’t think it concerns you, Mr. Synder. You just need to know that you’re going to be able to be together with the woman of your dreams very soon. Oh right, don’t forget about our deal last time too, Mr. Synder. I really need to thank you for the photos, though,” Gabriella muttered in a low voice. 
If it wasn’t for the man, she wouldn’t even have the money to employ a photographer.
“Gabriella, I have no interest in meddling in your business with Larry. All I’m doing is just making things easy for you.” 
He recalled Nancy saying that both Larry and Joan were her best friends, and he did not wish to upset her. 
“You’re right, Mr. Synder. You’re just making things easier for me. As for Larry, you have nothing to do with him.” Gabriella knew what was on Jory’s mind and attempted to appease the man. 
Even though the man was young, Gabriella knew he was actually cunning as a fox. 
“Okay, you may leave now,” Jory did not feel like playing nice anymore. 
He’s asking me to leave already, just like that? 
What a ruthless man. 
“Okay then, Mr. Synder. I will not disturb you further. I am hoping that you will take good care of me in the future.” Gabriella turned on her heels to leave. 
She believed that Jory was a man of his words, and he would walk his talk since he had agreed to work together with her. 
After all, businessmen’s promises were as good as gold. 
When she left, Gabriella’s lips curled into a wicked smile, wondering what would happen next. 
“What did you say? Caspian has another woman?” Joan could not believe the words that came out of Larry’s mouth. 
Larry also appeared to be in disbelief.
“No, that’s impossible. Caspian loves Nancy. How could he do something like that? Is there a misunderstanding?” Joan clutched tightly at her husband’s arms and asked. 
Larry and Joan had known Caspian for a long time and knew what kind of person he was. However, nobody had forced him to come clean this time. He admitted to cheating on Nancy himself. 
That was why Larry still thought something did not quite add up. 
Knowing Caspian, Larry thought the man wouldn’t be so reckless, despite him being drunk. Then again, Caspian’s alcohol tolerance was above average. How would he get drunk that easily? 
“Larry, what really happened? I don’t believe that Caspian would do something like this, even if he’s admitted that he did.” Joan was getting exasperated. 
Nancy had fallen in love with Jory some time ago while Caspian had another woman. What in the world is going on? How could there be so much coincidence? 
“Joan, listen to me. Please don’t let Nancy know about this just yet. Otherwise, she’s going to overthink this. I think a lot of things don’t add up. This is just not who he is. I think we have a lot to clarify in this matter, and we have to help him out. There’s no sense that he has to suffer for something that he hasn’t done…” Larry gauged his wife with a serious look on his face. 
Caspian was his bodyguard and also his best friend. It was impossible for Larry to stand idly by when his friend had clearly been set up by someone else. There had to be more to this. Now all they needed was time to straighten out the facts.
###Chapter 1789
Chapter 1789 
“Alright, don’t worry about it. I won’t tell Nancy. We have to get to the bottom of this,” Joan said determinedly. 
However, she was not totally convinced either. Joan was worried that it might have something to do with Nancy. 
If this was all planned out by her, then… 
No, that’s impossible. Even if Nancy was set on divorcing Caspian, she wouldn’t have resorted to such a despicable trick. No, it can’t be Nancy. 
Joan kept trying to convince herself that Nancy did not do it. 
Even though she was keen on getting a divorce from Caspian so that she could be together with Jory, Nancy couldn’t have stooped so low to frame the man. Besides, Simon wouldn’t have let her off the hook if he found out that his daughter had done this. 
Both marriage and divorce should be done in dignified ways. 
It seemed like there was more to it, and Joan had a hunch that things were only going to get worse from then onward. 
Suddenly, a person’s face popped into Joan’s mind. 
It was Jory. 
That man had always been distant and ruthless to others, sparing no mercy. Could it have something to do with him?
“Nancy, where are you right now? Do you want to have lunch together?” Joan decided to ask Nancy out. 
“Joan, I’m out right now. Um, why don’t you send me the address and I’ll get there as soon as possible…” Nancy said as if she was in a rush. 
“Who is that? Why the hurry?” A man’s voice could be heard coming from the other end of the phone. 
If Joan was not mistaken, it was Jory’s. 
They are together right now. 
Has Nancy really been blinded by love? Why is she getting together with that man, disregarding her reputation? 
Otherwise, why would Caspian get drunk and have sex with another woman? 
Joan blamed Nancy for all that happened. 
She sighed. But who am I to judge? 
Maybe in the olden days, she would be shamed for not staying true to her husband, but they were no longer in the olden days. Nowadays, Nancy would be avowed as a woman who was fearless in her pursuit of true love. 
Joan felt her head going dizzy right then. 
“What’s the matter? Are you not feeling well? What if you take a raincheck and go tomorrow instead?” Larry massaged her temples and said.
“Don’t worry, I’m alright. I have to go there and talk to her. I need to see if this has anything to do with her. If she’s really aware of it, I’m going to be so disappointed in her…” Joan’s face fell. 
She had faith in Nancy, and that was the reason she had given Nancy time for her to come clean to Caspian. However, she had not expected things to take such a turn. 
Life would always get in the way of one’s plans, given its unpredictable nature, just like Caspian would never have imagined that the woman would appear in front of him and that he would have cheated on Nancy with her. 
Meanwhile in the restaurant. “Joan, is there something going on? Why are you rushing to see me?” Nancy looked at Joan with a puzzled look on her face. 
“Um… Nancy, how are you and Caspian doing right now?” Joan was trying to sound her out. 
“Oh, that. Not much progress on that front. I still haven’t told him anything, and I have no idea how to break the news to him either. But I think it will be soon,” said Nancy as she took a sip of her coffee. 
Soon? What does she mean by soon? 
“Do you mean you’ve figured out how to break the news to him?” Joan pressed on. 
“Yeah. I mean, there’s really nothing left between Caspian and me. We’re better off as friends, and a divorce is really inevitable, and I think better sooner rather than later. I’m planning to come clean to him during the weekend,” Nancy explained while she kept her head low.
###Chapter 1790
Chapter 1790 
Judging from the way she talked about Caspian, Joan thought that she did not sound like she had any idea what happened. 
“Nancy, did Jory ever mention anything about giving you a hand at that?” Joan asked the woman before her while she carefully gauged her reaction. 
Nancy was stumped at first but soon regained her composure. 
“He did mention that he wanted to help me take care of Caspian, but I rejected him. I didn’t want him getting involved. I mean, this divorce is really just between Caspian and me. Joan, you know how Caspian can get. If he knew about Jory, I think…” Nancy paused as she could not bear to finish her sentence. 
What? Is that what she means when she talks about coming clean to Caspian? 
What is Nancy thinking, really? 
“Nancy, please tell me what’s on your mind. Are you going to keep the thing about you and Jory from Caspian?” Joan asked exasperatedly. 
Yes, she was indeed planning to hide it from Caspian. She did not want to let Caspian know because she knew that her husband would hunt down Jory with a knife in his hand. 
Joan was rendered speechless. 
“Please just tell Caspian everything.” Joan looked at Nancy with a hopeful look. 
Nancy kept her head low instead.
Joan did not tell Nancy about the thing with Caspian. She just wanted to know if Nancy had any idea about it. Right then, Joan knew that her friend was not aware of what had happened. 
Didn’t Jory tell her? 
Joan did not know who else would have the motive to frame Caspian. However, Jory was an experienced businessman. It seemed too tacky for him to do something like that. 
“Joan, are you looking for me to talk about this?” There was a hint of sorrow in her eyes, perhaps it was the guilt she felt toward Caspian. 
“Yes. I just wanted to ask when you are planning to tell Caspian about you and Jory,” Joan looked at the woman before her with a determined look on her face. 
She had hoped that Nancy would come clean to Caspian about everything. However, it seemed like Nancy did not have the same intention in mind. 
“Okay, Joan. I will tell him everything, including the thing with Jory.” Nancy suddenly changed her mind. 
Pleased, Joan smiled. 
This was the Nancy whom she had known. As we sow, so shall we reap. We are accountable for things that happen in our life. 
If Nancy had told Caspian about the thing with Jory before Caspian told her about the woman in the hotel, maybe Caspian would not be as hurt. 
Joan’s face fell at the twisted turns of events. 
She felt sick at how far some people would go just to get what they want.
Even though she could understand where Nancy was coming from, she did not agree with what she had done. 
It was a reckless and irresponsible act, not to mention selfish. 
“Joan, don’t worry. I will tell Caspian everything.” 
The look in Nancy’s eyes told Joan that she had not judged her friend wrongly. 
After having a meal, the two women headed home. 
In the room, Caspian was laying on the bed as he stared blankly out front. The man was lost in his thoughts, and even oblivious to the sounds of Nancy opening the door. 
Caspian would always be the first to notice when Nancy was home, and he made it a habit to take her bag from her. However, it was different that day. 
Nancy was puzzled to not see Caspian. 
“Caspian? Caspian?” Nancy called out his name. 
However, Caspian was deep in his thoughts and did not give her any reaction. 
“Caspian! Caspian!” Nancy kept calling. 
This was her first time not being greeted by Caspian after she had gone home. 
She found the pin-drop silence in the house odd. 
That’s weird. Nancy slowly made her way to the room. 
After pushing the door open, she noticed that a man was laying in bed, and it was Caspian.
###Chapter 1791
Chapter 1791 
“Caspian?” Nancy called out gently. 
Still, Caspian did not respond. Nancy slowly made her way to the bedside. 
“Ah? Oh, Nancy, you’re back. When did you come back home? Are you hungry?” Caspian set his back straight and looked at the woman before him. 
What is the matter with him today? Why is he in a daze? 
Bemused, Nancy regarded Caspian. 
However, Caspian was still contemplating whether he should tell Nancy about what happened between him and the woman in the hotel. 
Maybe we would get divorced if I told her, and maybe Nancy wouldn’t forgive me her whole life. But if I don’t, then this will haunt me for the rest of my life. 
Man, what should I do… 
“Um, Nancy, are you tired? What did you do today? Do you want to eat something? I can make something for you…” Caspian was trying to appease her. 
What is the matter with Caspian today? The longer he’s acting like this, the more uneasy Nancy felt. 
“Um, Caspian, please don’t act like that. I’m not tired. Don’t worry, I’m all good.” Nancy managed an awkward smile. 
Caspian felt a pang of guilt as he looked at his wife.
What should I do? Should I just tell him everything and explain it to him? 
Meanwhile, Nancy was debating with herself. 
What they did not know was, the two of them had the same thing in mind. Caspian had no idea if he should be honest to Nancy either. 
“Caspian, there is something that I need to tell you..” Nancy spoke all of a sudden. 
What is she saying? Does she already know about it? 
Caspian suddenly felt apprehensive. 
“Nancy, I have something to tell you today too…” Caspian looked at the woman with a stern look on his face. 
Caspian looked more handsome than ever that day. 
“Why don’t you go first?” Nancy said. 
“No, ladies first. You should go first…” Caspian passed the ball back to her. 
Nancy hesitated for a moment but decided to just tell Caspian about herself and Jory. 
She would have to tell him sooner or later anyway. It was just a matter of time. At least she would feel better if she had told him right then, and she would be more at ease whenever she was together with Jory. 
“Caspian, I don’t know if you’ve noticed it. But I think something is missing between us, don’t you think so?” Nancy looked at her husband. 
Yes, what they lacked was love.
They were from different worlds, and yet somehow had been forced to come together. It was obvious that they would not be happy together. 
“Caspian, I am really grateful for the way you cared me about this whole time. Really, you’re the best man I’ve come across, but don’t you think there’s no chemistry between us? It’s like, there’s no love.” 
Nancy knew that Caspian had been giving his best ever since they had gotten married. He was trying his best to be a good husband and a good man to her. However, that was not what Nancy wanted. She wanted to feel herself being in love, but that’s something she hasn’t felt when she’s together with Caspian. There was no romance nor love. 
She had thought about just living the rest of her life that way, but then Jory came along, and she knew she could no longer go back to the way it was. Jory had awakened and renewed her faith and longing for romantic love. 
“So, let’s get divorced.” Nancy kept her head low. 
Caspian was thunderstruck. 
The man had not expected that the woman was asking for divorce not because of him, but because of herself. 
Everything seemed too absurd to be true. So my wife has another man out there, and she’s the one to break the vow of our marriage. 
Caspian snorted. So what? I’ve cheated on my wife too. 
How ludicrous can our marriage get? 
“Who is the man?” Caspian asked coldly.
“Caspian, please listen to me. It has nothing to do with the man. It’s all my fault…” Nancy was almost begging him.
###Chapter 1792
Chapter 1792 
“Is it Jory Synder?” A cold glint flashed across his eyes. 
“What is the man’s name?” Caspian demanded in fury. 
Yes, they had both cheated on each other, but the nature of it was starkly different. 
Nancy had cheated on him both mentally and physically, falling for a man when she was still wife to another man, consciously. On the other hand, Caspian’s mistake was an unconscious and unintended one, when he was drunk out of his wits. 
“Caspian, please calm down. Please…” Nancy clutched the man’s hand, afraid that he might dash out to seek revenge on Jory. 
“Nancy, tell me! Did he force you into it? Tell me!” Caspian snapped at the woman before him. 
He felt like killing Jory right then. 
Caspian could not tolerate, let alone accept her mistake. 
She was consciously falling for that man. 
Caspian was not a sophisticated man, but he knew exactly what she meant. 
“Caspian, I’m sorry. It’s all my fault. Please calm down…” Nancy stopped him in his tracks. 
“Caspian, I thought you had something to tell me? Please, tell me. I’m listening…” Nancy reminded the man, hoping to stop him. 
Caspian was suddenly reminded of the thing that he was about to tell his wife.
Yes, it was the same story, but it was a difference of night and day. 
Caspian went silent all of a sudden. 
“What’s the matter, Caspian? What is it that you want to tell me?” Nancy looked at her husband expectantly. 
All of a sudden, Caspian dashed out of the room like a madman. 
“I will tell you later!” The sentence hung in mid-air and left her all alone in the room. 
Nancy started to get apprehensive after her husband had left. 
She took out her phone and called Joan. 
“Joan, something bad happened, Caspian…” Nancy stuttered. 
“What’s the matter with Caspian? Calm down and tell me.” Joan sprung up from her bed. 
Something must have happened to Caspian for Nancy to lose her cool like that. 
“Joan, Caspian… he dashed out of our house. I told him everything. He…” 
Nancy’s face fell. 
So is Caspian going after Jory? Nancy nudged at Larry who was just beside her. 
“What’s the matter?” Larry rubbed his eyes. 
“Did you mention Jory at all?” Joan asked in a hurry. 
“I did not mention his name, but Caspian guessed it right. Joan, what happens if Caspian goes after Jory? You know how he is, he’s not going to let Jory off the hook…” Nancy’s voice was shaky.
She was right. Given Caspian’s personality, he would not let Jory off easy, even if Nancy had not specified that it was him. 
“Okay, Nancy. You need to stop crying. I’ll get to your place with Larry right now. We’ll look for Caspian together, alright? Don’t panic…” Joan coaxed her friend. 
The two women hung up the call after Joan calmed her down. 
Nancy looked for Jory’s contact and called him afterward. 
“Where are you right now?” 
“At home. Are you coming over?” Jory asked. 
“Um, you’d better stay at home and don’t head out. Remember that, okay?” Nancy reminded him. 
Stay at home and don’t head out? What does she mean? 
Jory was puzzled. 
Why can’t I head out? 
“Nancy, what’s the matter with you? Did something happen? Why do you sound like you’re in a rush?” Jory frowned. 
Something must have happened. Otherwise, the woman would not have said something so odd. 
“Nothing. Um, a fortune-teller told me not to head out of the house tonight. I’m just asking for you to stay home too.”
###Chapter 1793
Chapter 1793 
Jory was skeptical of Nancy’s advice. He was befuddled as to why the woman suddenly believed in fortune-tellers, but he knew for sure that something must have happened. 
Larry drove Joan to go look for Caspian. 
“Quick, call him,” Larry egged her on. 
However, no matter how many times Joan tried calling Caspian, the man just would not pick up. 
“He didn’t answer.” Joan looked exasperatedly at her husband. 
They had no idea where Caspian would be right then, and could only look for him like headless chickens. 
Larry and Joan went everywhere they thought Caspian would be, but there was no sight of him. 
In the end, they thought there was only one place the man could possibly head to – Jory’s place. 
However, to their knowledge, the man did not know where Jory’s house was. 
“Hello, Nancy? Do you know if Jory is home?” Joan decided to call Nancy and ask. 
“I know. He is. Joan, would you guys come to pick me up? I need to be with you guys. I don’t want anything to happen to the two…” Nancy said with a shaky voice. 
Larry immediately turned his car around to pick Nancy up. 
However, right then…
“Come out! Come out, you bstrd! You coward! Come out right now!” Caspian berated in front of Jory’s door. 
“Jory Synder, you’d better get your *ss out here right now!” 
Jory was furious to hear the degrading commotion out his door. 
Who has the audacity to reprimand me right in front of my door, and at this hour? 
The man headed for his window upstairs and noticed a furious man downstairs at his door. 
He did not know the man. 
“Jory Synder! You get the hell out of there right now! You had the guts to seduce my wife and yet you don’t have the balls to admit it? Huh!” Caspian shouted. 
Seduce his wife? Jory furrowed his brows. 
He finally knew why Nancy had called to ask for him to stay at home. 
“Synder! Get the hell out of there right now! Damn it!” 
So, he is Caspian. 
“Get out, you coward!” Caspian did not appear like he was going to give it up. 
Jory thought he would have to face the music sooner or later. 
He clutched his fist tight. 
Ding… It was Nancy calling. 
“Jory, please don’t head out there… Please don’t…” Nancy was almost begging him.
“Nancy, why shouldn’t I head out there? This has to be dealt with sooner or later,” Jory said as he looked at the man banging on his door downstairs. 
“No, Jory. Please don’t go out first. I’ll talk to him later.” 
Boom! 
A heavy downpour ensued after a deafening sound of thunder. However, despite Caspian’s continuous bawling, the man inside the house did not seem to be bothered by it. 
“Hey! Will you shut the hell up? Look at the time, you idiot!” An aunty upstairs shouted at Caspian. 
Onlookers passing by looked at Caspian like he was a freak, but there were some who cheered him on. requesting him to continue berating. 
“Caspian!” All of a sudden, Nancy called out after him. 
At the same time, Larry and Joan got off the car. 
Nancy had not expected Caspian to really go after Jory like this. 
“Larry, why are you here?” Caspian was dumbfounded to see Larry. 
“What are you doing here?” Larry asked in a cold tone. 
He knew that Caspian was a straightforward man, but there were civil ways of dealing with things, and this was not one. 
“I’m here to look for that Synder man! He took advantage of Nancy. I’m here to seek justice for her!” Caspian said in a resolute tone.
He took advantage of Nancy? 
Larry looked at Nancy, then at Joan. He knew that the woman were keeping secrets from him. 
“Caspian, it’s really late now. Let’s talk about this later. You’re disturbing other people…” Larry looked at the surroundings and said. 
Caspian could not care less even if he was tearing the neighborhood down. So what if the cops come? I’m not the only one who’s done something wrong here! 
“I’m not afraid! Synder! You bstrd! Come out right now if your balls are still attached to you! Get the hell out of there! You have the balls to do it but no guts to admit it huh!” Caspian continued to scream and shout.
###Chapter 1794
Chapter 1794 
“Caspian, it’s not what you think. Let’s go back and talk. I’ll explain everything to you…” Nancy clutched at Caspian’s arm as she pleaded earnestly. 
Meanwhile, Joan cast a glance at Larry, and the woman was at a loss for words. Yes, she had kept the fact that Nancy was cheating on Caspian from him, and Larry seemed to have sensed it as well. 
“There’s no need to head back. I can give you an answer right now if you’re still keen to listen.” Jory appeared all of a sudden. 
“Jory!” Nancy was surprised at the sight of him. 
The man looked like he was ready for a confrontation. 
He was not afraid, and he did not feel like there was a need to be. 
It’s either you’re in love, or you’re not. Why complicate things and drain everyone’s energy with your ridiculous notion of what love is? 
“Jory, you bstrd!” Caspian hurled his fist at the man as he bawled. 
Jory did not try to dodge the punch. Instead, the man managed to hold his fist with just one hand. 
“Do you know what kind of man Nancy dislikes? She dislikes men who only know to resort to violence to solve his problems,” Jory replied impassively. 
Caspian glowered at the man before him. I should have hit harder. 
“Caspian, let’s just go back now, okay? I’ll explain everything to you. This has nothing to do with Jory. This is all my fault…” Nancy’s voice was shaky.
Judging by what was happening before his eyes, it became clear as day to Larry what was going on. 
So, it was not just Caspian. Nancy had an affair too. 
Larry sighed at the revelation. 
All of a sudden, he cast a wary glance at Jory. 
Perhaps what happened to Caspian had something to do with Jory? 
Any man would have caved in front of a woman he loved, including Caspian, despite how strong- headed he was. 
In the end, Caspian relented as he could not bear to upset Nancy further. “Okay, it’s already late. We’ll talk tomorrow. Jory, man up and face me tomorrow!” Caspian demanded. 
Jory snorted. He had never been one to chicken out. 
“No problem, I’ll be there tomorrow!” A cold glint flashed across Jory’s eyes. 
He had heard a lot about Caspian, and he finally got to meet the man. Just as rumored, he was a simple, yet stubborn man. No wonder Nancy did not like him. 
It was destined that their peaceful lives would come to an end. From then onward, it was doomed that Nancy and Caspian would never be able to keep up appearances as a happy couple, no matter how hard they tried to. 
“You already know about Nancy and Jory. Why didn’t you tell me?” There was a hint of disappointment and even fury in Larry’s voice.
“Larry, I didn’t intend to keep it from you. I had only known about it just recently anyway. I didn’t tell you because Nancy promised me that she would come clean to Caspian as soon as possible, and I was afraid about you telling Caspian. You know how he is…” Joan lowered her head in an admission of guilt. 
“Joan, what’s the matter with you? I’m really close to Caspian, but I know to toe the line. Do you think I’d have no sense in what to tell him? Now that Caspian has known everything, how are we supposed to calm him down?” Larry snapped, as he pressed down hard on the steering wheel. 
A pang of guilt hit Joan hard right then. 
She was just keeping a secret for Nancy because she was keeping a promise for her friend. 
“Okay, I’m sorry for flipping out on you like that. I shouldn’t have put you in a difficult position. But you have to promise me, Joan. Please don’t keep this kind of thing from me ever again, okay? We need to be mentally prepped to deal with a bombshell like that…” Larry circled her into his embrace. 
He knew he acted rashly just now. However, it was out of his fear that Caspian might have acted out of impulse. 
“But Larry, what should we do now?” Joan looked at her husband helplessly. 
“We can only see how things go tomorrow…” 
Back in the house, Nancy sat by her bed and stared blankly out at the night sky, tears brimming in her eyes. Meanwhile, Caspian sat in the living room, his gaze empty. Larry hugged Joan in her embrace, all of them lost in their own thoughts respectively.
###Chapter 1795
Chapter 1795 
All of them had a sleepless night. 
The next day, warm rays of sunshine shone through the window and into the room. However, the room felt oddly frigid to Joan. 
“Let’s go and have a look. They’d better not make a scene,” Larry put on his clothes and said. 
They had booked an entire café for the confrontation. 
Caspian, Nancy, Jory, Larry, and Joan were there early as well. 
If it wasn’t for Nancy holding Caspian back, the man would have hurled a fist at Jory. 
“Jory, aren’t you going to explain yourself?” Caspian threw daggers at the man before him, trying hard to suppress the urge to throw a punch at Jory. 
“Explain? Caspian, it seems like you do not understand love at all. There is no logic in love, only feelings. And Caspian, Nancy simply doesn’t feel that way about you. Why don’t you just do her a favor and let her go?” Jory cut to the chase and said. 
He was right. Every moment with Caspian was excruciatingly unbearable for Nancy while every second with Jory was spent in bliss and contentment. It was a difference between night and day. 
“You don’t have the right to butt your nose in our business, Synder!” Caspian smacked the table in exasperation. 
Jory sneered at Caspian who was opposite to him.
“My goodness, who is that? The café is fully booked? Did you guys buy this place or what?” All of a sudden, Gabriella showed up at the café with a woman and mocked the group. 
Caspian was stumped at the sight of them. 
The woman whom Gabriella brought along was the woman whom Caspian had slept with. 
“Why are you here?” Caspian cast a dubious look at the woman. 
Gabriella looked at Caspian, then back at the woman behind her, and an evil smirk flashed across her face. 
The others were dumbfounded by Gabriella’s presence as well. Nobody had expected that the woman would show up here. But what they did not know was, Gabriella was actually the mastermind behind the elaborate plan. 
“I couldn’t contact you. I’m really afraid that you’d just abandon me,” the woman behind Gabriella said sheepishly before she rushed to clutch Caspian’s arms. 
Nancy was flabbergasted at the sight before her. 
One look at Gabriella, and Larry knew that nothing good could happen when that woman was around. 
“Didn’t I ask you to stay at the hotel? Why are you here?” A frisson of annoyance fleeted across Caspian’s face. 
Larry’s face fell at the events unfolding before him. He knew that things were not as simple as it appeared to be. Larry knew he had to stop things from spiraling out of control. 
The man gave Joan a look, and she immediately knew what he meant.
“Nancy, my stomach hurts. Could you accompany me to the hospital?” Joan clutched at her stomach and appeared to be in agony. 
“Huh? Joan? What happened to you? Why would you have stomachache all of a sudden?” Nancy rushed to Joan’s side. 
“Maybe I ate something wrong yesterday. Could you accompany me to the hospital?” Joan looked at her friend expectantly. 
Nancy turned around to look at Caspian, then at the woman who was clutching Caspian’s hands. Then, she hurriedly steadied Joan out of the place. 
“Hey, why are you guys leaving? The good show’s just about to start. Don’t leave…” Gabriella chided. 
A good show? Larry snickered at her words. 
You’ve arranged all of this, haven’t you? 
“Nancy, please take Joan to the hospital first. Let us deal with this on our own.” Larry looked solemnly at Nancy. 
Nancy turned to look at Joan, to which she replied with a firm nod. 
“Okay, I’ll take Joan to the hospital,” Nancy muttered in a low voice. 
“Hey, Nancy, don’t leave just yet. Your husband has some explaining to do… How could you leave right now…” Gabriella was obviously trying to sow discord between the couple.
###Chapter 1796
Chapter 1796 
Gabriella was indeed a troublemaker who couldn’t bear to see other people happy. 
“Nancy, you have to believe in me and Larry.” Joan grabbed her friend’s hand to reassure her. 
The two women did not linger and headed out of the café. 
“Okay, we need to lay everything on the table, be it Nancy or Caspian. I think you guys are well aware that now is no time to bicker. We need to come up with a solution to sort out this mess. Violence will get us nowhere,” Larry spoke up with a stern look on his face. 
Caspian turned to look at Jory, then back at Larry. 
He believed in Larry. He’s like a big brother to me. 
“How do you plan to sort this out, then?” Jory asked as he sipped on his coffee. 
All of a sudden, Larry dragged Caspian to one side and looked straight into his eyes. 
“Caspian, what happened between you and Nancy? Is there any way you guys can go back to the way it was?” 
Caspian lowered his head, the glint in his eyes turned dull. 
The look on his face was a roaring statement. Of course, Larry caught onto his friend. 
“Okay, Caspian. Do you know what love is?” Larry asked. 
“Love is when you hope to see the woman you love finds happiness. You will be happy if you see her smiling…” Larry explained.
Caspian knew what his friend meant, he just did not know how to express himself. 
“Larry, I’ll listen to you,” Caspian said suddenly. 
Larry patted his shoulders and gave him a slight smile. 
He was relieved to have someone like Caspian as his best friend. 
“Caspian, if you wish to see Nancy happy, then you should let her live the life which is possible for her to find happiness.” 
It was clear as day what Larry was trying to say. 
“And you’ve been framed for the affair. It’s not Nancy, it’s Gabriella. As to why she’s doing this, we’ll talk when we get back,” Larry said in a hushed tone. 
Caspian clenched his fist tight. 
“Mr. Norton, how do you have the heart to worry about other people when you haven’t even solved your own problems?” Gabriella said derisively. 
She still remembered that Larry had sent her to the hospital after she was drunk, and how he had ruined her carefully thought-out plan. 
“I will deal with my own problem. There’s no need for others to worry about me,” Larry retorted coldly. 
Jory sat aside and transfixed his gaze at Caspian. He could not care less what happened between Larry and Gabriella. 
“Mr. Synder, Caspian is like a brother to me. But he is Nancy’s husband, at least as of now he still is. Don’t you have a bit of explaining to do about that woman?” Larry snapped as he pointed at the woman whom Gabriella brought along.
Jory eyeballed the woman and snickered in response. 
“What does it have anything to do with me?” 
A cold glint flashed across Larry’s eyes. 
“Nothing to do with you? To my best knowledge, Caspian has a very high alcohol tolerance, but he was so drunk that he had sex with the woman that night. I think Gabriella should know about this better than anyone else,” Larry said as he cast a sideways glance at Gabriella. 
Yes, I’m involved in this, but what can he do? His company is in turmoil, and he already has enough to deal with. Yet, he still has the time and energy to clean up after Caspian. Is Larry out of his mind? 
With the thought in mind, Gabriella fumed with fury. 
Actually, Larry was not even sure if it had anything to do with Gabriella. However, he trusted his instincts. That was the reason he asked Joan to take Nancy away. 
“Why should I know anything about it? I didn’t do it.” Gabriella denied Larry’s accusation. 
Jory cast a glance in the woman’s direction, thinking that things might not be as simple as he thought they would be. Given how Caspian felt toward Nancy, it was very unlikely that he would cheat on her. The only possibility would be that he was framed by someone else. 
“Good. We’re going to find out if it has anything to do with you,” Larry snickered. 
What is he up to now? Gabriella could not help but wonder as she looked at the man before her. 
He has nothing against me. Only the woman and I know about this.
###Chapter 1797
Chapter 1797 
Ding! Larry’s phone pinged. 
It was a video sent by Joan. 
The video clip clearly showed Gabriella meeting up with the woman, and everything that happened in the hotel. 
“This is the truth,” Larry said as he handed over the phone to Caspian. 
So, I was drugged that day. 
I was framed all along. 
“Now it’s clear that Caspian had been set up by someone. As for what happened between Nancy and Jory, well, I think you guys know more than I do,” Larry said as he looked in Jory’s direction. 
“What did you say? Caspian was framed?” Nancy widened her eyes in disbelief as she looked at Joan. 
“Yes, given how Caspian is, it’s impossible that he would cheat on you. Nancy, Caspian really loves you. Aren’t you going to reconsider?” Joan looked at Nancy with a worried look. 
She was not worried that Jory might mistreat Nancy, because she knew that the man loved her. However, she just could not bear to see Nancy and Caspian getting divorced. 
A family was falling apart just like that. Nobody would have liked to see that happen. 
“Joan, there is really no love between me and Caspian, but it’s different between me and Jory. We are in love. A marriage without love is just an empty shell, and nobody is going to be happy.” There was a hint of sorrow in Nancy’s eyes.
Even though she was disheartened to part ways with Caspian, Nancy knew there was no point keeping up with a marriage that simply didn’t work anymore. 
“Okay, since you’ve already thought this through, I’m not going to say anything further. I just hope that you don’t regret your decision in the future.” Joan patted Nancy’s shoulders and decided to just support and respect her friend’s decision in the matter. 
Not long after, Caspian and Nancy got a divorce. 
The two of them were no longer a couple, but they stayed friends. 
Even though Caspian’s thing was settled, everything remained a mess in Larry’s company, and that left him feeling more and more anxious as days went by. Joan felt her heart ached when she noticed Larry being tense all the time. 
“Larry, don’t you have a better way to deal with this?” Joan asked as she lay in the man’s embrace. 
“Alpire Group had taken over the subsidiary company of the Norton Corporation. Unless they are willing to hand it back to me, I really don’t see another way out of this,” Larry sighed. 
Joan’s face fell after listening to him. 
“Joan, I will be really busy recently. Why don’t you take some time off and head overseas?” Larry carefully regarded the woman in his arms. 
He knew she wouldn’t agree to it. She would have chosen to get through this hurdle together with him. However, he really could not find the time to deal with everything at once. The problems at the company had already taken a big chunk of his attention and time, and Larry knew he would not have the energy to deal with other things, not especially if anything should happen to Joan. He thought that it
might be better for her to take some time off rather than him ignoring her from being too swamped with work. 
Joan lifted her head to look straight into the man’s eyes, and she caressed his hair gently. 
“Okay.” Joan nodded her head. 
Did she just say yes? Really? 
“I will go find you as soon as the matter at the company has been dealt with, and then we will go on a trip together.” Larry looked lovingly at the considerate woman. 
Joan knew he was just coaxing her. She knew there were a lot of uncertainties about resolving his problem at work. However, she believed that her man would pull it through like he always had. Even though Gabriella coveted him, Joan believed that Larry was a loyal man and that he would not just abandon her. 
She knew he was between a rock and a hard place. Larry just didn’t want me to worry about him. 
Joan started to pack after they had planned everything out. 
“Joan, are you really leaving?” Nancy cast a curious look at her. 
“Yes, Larry is really busy these days. I don’t want to weigh him down.” Joan managed an awkward smile. 
How she wished she could help him out with the company matters. 
Joan lifted her head to look at the sky, and a wave of helplessness washed over her.
Only Larry, Nancy, and Caspian knew that Joan was heading overseas. As a result, Dustin and Jory were kept in the dark about the matter.
###Chapter 1798
Chapter 1798 
Chapter 1798 Why Are You Here 
After Joan had gone overseas, the house felt empty to Larry every time he went home. Hence, the two of them would be engaging in sweet-talking on the phone for over two hours every day, just like any other couple in a long-distance relationship. Moreover, they had endless topics to talk about. 
Not long after, Dustin had gotten the news on Joan being overseas and gave the latter a call. 
“Where are you right now?” Dustin asked in a low voice. 
“Why are you looking for me?” 
Joan thought it was better for her to keep some distance from Dustin, lest Larry might overthink. 
The distance made the heart grew fonder, but also more space for each of them to feel insecure. 
“Nothing, I’m just asking. How are you doing lately?” Dustin asked. 
Joan found his questions odd. She hung up the call after brief exchanges. Who knows what is on the man’s mind? 
Ding… 
Dustin looked at the caller ID, and picked up right away. 
“I’ve figured it all out. You can head there right away. Joan is there alone because Larry is busy with work.” 
Dustin was overjoyed to hear the news.
So Joan was all alone. Does it mean that I’m finally getting my chance? 
Dustin hurriedly packed his luggage and booked a flight overseas. 
Larry, if you’re too busy to take care of her, then let me do the job. A wicked grin flashed across his face. 
Meanwhile, Joan was laying on an armchair and enjoying the sea breeze. 
Sometimes, enjoying a little sea breeze was enough to make one feel contented and blissful. 
Ding… 
Joan cast a glance at the caller ID, and tossed her phone aside. 
Despite her ignoring her phone, the calls just kept coming in. 
Joan picked up her phone and put it on the speaker phone out of frustration. 
“Joan, I’m hurt right now. Could you come pick me up?” Dustin said deliberately. 
Joan panicked. 
What’s the matter? Why is he hurt? And why is he calling me? 
“You should go to the hospital if you’re sick,” Joan said as a matter-of-factly. 
What is he calling me for if he’s hurt? Besides, I’m not even in the country. 
“No, I just got off the plane, and I can’t walk. Please come pick me up,” Dustin replied. 
What did he mean by he just got off the plane? Is he… here?
“No, Dustin. What do you mean? Where are you right now? Did you say you’re just getting off a plane?” Joan thought her ears were playing a trick on her. 
“Joan, could you stop with the nagging? I’m really hurt and it’s so painful. Just come pick me and my luggage up.” Dustin pretended as if he was in a lot of pain. 
Joan was a kind-hearted and innocent woman. Naturally, she was deceived by Dustin’s words. 
Joan rushed to the airport, and yelled his name out loud, “Dustin! Dustin!” 
“Hey, Joan! I’m here!” Dustin waved at the woman with all his might. 
Finally, I get to see her again. It’s okay that you refuse to tell me where you are. I can figure it out on my own. 
“How are you? Where are you hurt?” Joan rushed to the man’s side. 
Dustin could no longer hold it in and burst into a chuckle. 
Joan knew that she had been deceived once again when the man broke into a chuckle. 
“Dustin, do you think this is funny?” Joan was getting mad. 
However, she was mostly surprised seeing him there. She had not told him her whereabouts and was befuddled that he could still find her nevertheless. 
“Hey, why are you here?” Joan asked. 
“I’m here on a holiday. I’ve been too busy recently, and I need to take some time off.” Dustin replied coolly.
Isn’t the timing too convenient for him? 
What will Larry think if he knows about this? 
Joan’s face fell at the thought. 
No, I cannot possibly let Larry know about this. Otherwise, I’m never going to hear the end of it. I should just stay away from him.
###Chapter 1799
Chapter 1799 
“Okay, now that you’re alright, just find yourself a place to stay. I’ll get going first.” Joan turned on her heels to leave. 
“Joan, where are you staying?” Dustin asked warily. 
I’m out of my mind if I tell this man where I’m staying. 
“Just, someplace. Alright, I have something on. I need to leave.” Joan turned around to leave right after. 
It was time for her and Larry’s daily phone call. Even though they were physically apart, the distance was not a problem for them to keep in contact with each other every day. 
This has to be love. 
However, deep down, Joan felt like there was something wrong somewhere. She just did not know what it was. Waves of insecurities would just hit her with no apparent reason sometimes. It all started after she had gone out of the country. 
“Larry, are you eating properly? You’ve lost weight,” Joan teased as she looked at Larry on the screen. 
“No worries. I’m alright. What about you? Are you doing alright then?” Larry stared longingly at the woman on his screen. 
“I’m doing good. The air is really clean out here. This place is really suitable for a vacation. I’m always out for the sea breeze,” Joan said mischievously. 
Joan would only show her carefree side to Larry, as she knew she could be herself in front of him. 
“Larry, be honest with me. Are women chasing after you while I’m gone?” Joan asked deliberately.
He was Larry Norton after all. Tall, handsome, charismatic, gentleman, all in all – the perfect wholesome package. Women flocked to him like bees going after honey. Besides, she was not by his side, and those women might start getting some ideas, especially Gabriella. The woman was coveting Larry more and more, even after being rejected multiple times by him. 
“No, there are no women. There is only one woman, however, and it’s you.” Larry grinned. 
Larry had not even thought about another woman after getting together with Joan. 
“Okay, it’s getting late. You have to get some sleep.” 
The two of them uttered good night to each other after a few brief exchanges. 
Joan would always be the one to hang up first because Larry could not bear to hang up on her. However, Joan did not hang up today. She wanted to see what the man was up after saying good night to her. 
Joan could see from the screen that Larry had turned to another side and started to flip through a magazine. 
Her lips curled into a contented smile when she saw the man’s gentle and humble manner. 
He’s still my Larry. My handsome, charismatic man. 
Joan felt her life was complete with him. 
Her face beamed with a delightful smile. 
She hoped that she would be able to live the rest of her life with the man, never to be separated from him.
“I’m done washing up. Larry, it’s your turn.” A woman’s voice rang the second Joan tried to end the call. 
What is happening right now? Why is there a woman’s voice coming from his end? 
Joan looked at the screen, frantically trying to search for some clues. 
Alas, a woman’s face appeared on the screen. 
“Larry, what are you looking at? It’s already so late, stop. Let’s sleep earlier.” A woman in a sleeping robe circled around Larry’s neck. 
Joan recognized her. It was Gabriella. 
However, why would Gabriella appear at their home, and why did Larry let her in? Besides, she was wearing a sleeping robe. And… And she circled around Larry’s neck? 
Thunderstruck, Joan felt her brain going blank. 
“Larry, you should wash up now. Come, let me help you.” Gabriella was about to unbutton his shirt. 
Joan could no longer continue watching and closed the video.
###Chapter 1800
Chapter 1800 
Were my eyes fooling me just now? 
Joan suddenly felt tears brimming in her eyes. 
She had not expected that Larry would cheat on her as soon as she had gone overseas. No wonder he would always be the one to say good night first every day. 
So had he been together with that Gabriella all this while? Did he and Gabriella already… 
Joan stopped herself from going further down the rabbit hole. She was afraid that she might not be able to accept the bitter truth. 
The woman desperately hoped that her eyes had played tricks on her just now. There was no Gabriella, and the woman was not circling her arms around Larry’s neck. 
At the same time, Gabriella broke in a cackle at the sight of the tablet not far from her. 
“Gabriella, don’t go overboard and just leave after you’re done changing!” Larry shrugged her off and continued to flip through the newspaper. 
“Larry, do you really hate me so much?” Gabriella asked indignantly. 
She did not consider herself beneath Joan Watts. In fact, she was prettier, had a better figure, and was smarter than that woman. Why did she get to keep Larry while I had to suffer the man’s contempt? 
Needless to say, Gabriella felt indignant at her fate. 
“Do you want to know why? Let me tell you because Joan always knows what she’s after, and she’s not going to stoop to despicable ways to get what she wants despite that! As for you, you are not even
worthy to be compared to her,” Larry spat out his words in despise. 
Gabriella was infuriated. 
“Oh, you think she’s so innocent and pure! Do you think she’s serious about you? Then what about that Dustin guy? Larry, don’t be deceived by her!” Gabriella said aloud deliberately. 
She wanted to slander the woman, and for her to disappear from his sight forever! 
“Gabriella, are you done? Who gave you permission to put on the sleeping robe? Change into your clothes and get lost!” Larry did not even bother to lift his head and said. 
Is he asking me to leave? Don’t you know it’s already late now, Larry? 
The woman should have seen me circling my arms around Larry’s neck. I’m sure that she’s not that generous to let other women touch Larry like that. 
Actually, she was just coming in to change out of her wet clothes because of the heavy downpour. 
“You should leave now,” Larry threw a frigid look at Gabriella and said. The cold, hard stare sent chills down her spine. 
He would never treat Joan like this. 
You’re overseas right, Watts? Why don’t you stay right there forever? 
A contemptuous look filled Gabriella’s eyes. 
“Larry, it’s raining heavily out there, and I didn’t bring an umbrella. Why don’t you just let me stay the night here…”
“No, you need to leave!” Larry slapped the woman with a blatant rejection even before she finished her sentence. 
Larry Norton, I’ll make sure that you regret your ruthlessness today! 
Bang! Gabriella slammed the door shut behind her. 
Meanwhile, Joan stared blankly out at the darkness outside, akin to the abyss in her empty heart. 
Maybe my eyes had fooled me just now? Joan kept repeating that statement in her head, over and over again, reluctant to believe that Larry would cheat on her. 
Why is Larry cheating on me? Why would he treat me like that? 
Joan finally managed to close her eyes after a long, long time. 
The next day, warm sunshine filled the room as Joan stretched out her body. She opened her eyes slowly. 
Ring… Joan peered at the caller ID, and it was Larry. 
“Hello?” Joan sounded weary on the line. 
“Good morning.” Larry gave her a morning kiss through the phone. 
However, her mind was filled with the images of Gabriella hugging Larry. 
They chatted for a bit before they hung up. 
After Joan had gone overseas, they would call each other in the morning, and again at night. Unknowingly, it had become a habit between Larry and Joan.

###Chapter 1801
Chapter 1801 
Somehow, Joan felt like Larry had not been as enthusiastic as he used to that morning. It was as if the man was only reciting a well-rehearsed line like he was doing it out of obligation. 
Her face fell. 
Knock, knock. Joan was perplexed to hear someone knocking on her door. 
Especially since she was at someplace not many people knew who she was. All of a sudden, she recalled something and rushed to her door. 
It’s really him! ”Dustin, what’s the matter with you? It’s still so early.” Joan deliberately said as she stretched herself out. 
“What early? Will you look at the time already? Let’s go, hurry!” Dustin said. 
“Where are we going? What’s the hurry?” Joan looked at the man before her with a surprised look. 
“Joan, I’m being serious right now. I know a lot of had happened recently, and so you need to do another round of body check-up to make sure there won’t be any complications in the future.” Dustin looked at Joan solemnly. 
“Alright, get packing. Don’t worry, I won’t lay a finger on you. We’re friends, right?” Dustin said. 
Why am I so prejudiced toward Dustin? He’s my best friend, for goodness’ sake! 
Dustin actually cared more for Joan’s health more than anything right then. All that other stuff about Larry or love or any possibilities of relationships could not compare to the health of Joan. There was only hope for all those stuff if she was healthy.
“Okay, would you wait for a moment? I’ll be ready in a second,” Joan said and dashed for the washroom. 
Dustin was right. She had been preoccupied with a lot of things recently, and there was always one thing or another to worry about. Suddenly, she was overcome by fear that a tumor or something might have cropped up in her brain again. She had lost Larry once, and she could not bear with the thought of parting with him again. 
They reached the hospital in no time. 
“Joan, would you wait for me for a while here? I’ll go handle the registration.” Dustin added. 
“Sure.” Joan nodded her head in reply. She was suddenly thankful for Dustin, as she would not have thought about this check-up if it wasn’t for him. 
There were a lot of people in the hospital. Even though he was a doctor, Dustin was not spared from the rules. He had to line up for the registration procedure as well. 
She waited in the lobby, waiting for Dustin to come get her. 
“Uh…” An old man appeared in front of Joan all of a sudden. 
The man clutched his abdomen and appeared to be in agony. 
Joan glanced at her surroundings and noticed that there was no one who could be the old man’s relative. The hospital was bustling with patients and busy nurses, and nobody had noticed that the old man was in pain. 
“Mister, what’s wrong?” Joan stepped forward to steady the old man. 
“My stomach… it’s so painful…” The old man leaned against Joan’s shoulders.
“Mister, hold it in, we’re going to get you a doctor,” Joan said with a gentle voice as she patted his back. 
“Miss, would you please help me to my ward? There are doctors there…” The old man seemed to have drained all his energy to utter that sentence. 
Joan steadied the old man into the ward without hesitation. 
As the old man said, there were two doctors in the ward, and they arranged tubing for the old man as soon as they noticed him writhing in pain. 
“Doctor, is he going to be alright?” Joan looked worriedly at the old man on the hospital bed. 
It had been too dangerous back in the lobby just now. Joan was afraid that he might even faint back there. 
“He’s going to be alright.” The doctor did not even bother to lift his head. 
However, Joan suddenly found the old man’s face to be quite familiar. Have I seen him someplace else? 
Her mind went into overdrive trying to recall the face but to no avail. 
“Water…” The old man finally opened his eyes. 
Joan poured a glass of water and handed it over to him. “You’re still here,” the old man said.
###Chapter 1802
Chapter 1802 
Joan managed an awkward smile. There was no one by the old man’s side, and she could not bear to leave him alone. Besides, the man looked like he was from Chanaea too. 
“Mister, where is your family?” Joan asked. 
Dustin was still waiting for her, and she could not stay for long to accompany the old man. “My family? I didn’t ask them to come here.” The man drank a sip of water and replied in a small voice. 
Is he saying that he really has no one else besides the doctors and nurses here? 
“My son is back in Chanaea, and he’s busy with work. I cannot bother him with this…” the old man explained. 
Does your son think that his company is more important than you? Joan’s face turned grim at the thought. 
“His career is finally getting off the ground. I cannot distract him. 
“Miss, I noticed that you looked quite troubled back in the lobby too. Did something happen to you?” The old man asked with a weak voice. 
Joan smiled awkwardly again. She had not expected that the old man was asking about her despite him being in that state. 
“Oh, it’s nothing. Just something bugging me back in Chanaea,” Joan replied meekly. 
The man looked at her with a puzzled look on his face, “Miss, if you trust me, please tell me what’s bothering you. I’ll help you out,” the old man said with a determined tone.
Forget it. I’d better not burden others with such matters. Besides, he wouldn’t be able to help me anyway. 
“Mister, it’s complicated. I’ll think of something, don’t worry about it.” Joan rubbed his back gently and reassured the man. 
The old man narrowed his small eyes and smiled. There is really nothing I can’t solve in this world. 
“Miss, I don’t like being indebted toward others. Please do tell me what’s bothering you back in Chanaea. Don’t worry, I will make sure that it gets resolved,” the old man sounded really confident. 
Joan cast a glance around the ward and looked at the man on the bed. He doesn’t seem like he’s an ordinary old man. 
Joan hesitated for a moment and told him the thing about the Alpire Group trying to take over the subsidiary of the Norton Corporation. She was not actually pinning any hopes on the old man. To be frank, she was just trying to vent her frustration since the old man was keen to listen. 
“Oh, that.” The glint in his eyes dimmed. 
“Joan! Joan!” Dustin kept calling out her name in the hallway. 
He was just away for the registration procedure, but Joan was gone in the blink of an eye. 
“Mister, this is a hospital. Please keep it down.” A doctor grabbed him by his arms and warned him. 
Joan bade goodbye to the old man after noticing Dustin calling out her name and turned around to leave the ward. 
“Dustin, I’m here!” Joan waved in Dustin’s direction.
“Where did you go just now? You really gave me a good fright, woman. I thought I lost you.” Dustin complained in a low voice. 
“Where else can I be? I just helped an old man get back to his ward. Can we proceed with the check- up now?” Joan patted Dustin’s shoulders lightly. 
They reached the room for Joan’s check-up. Dustin gave her a few pieces of advice before he waited for her to complete the check-up. 
It would be a lie if Dustin had said that there was no ulterior motive to his trip this time, although he was genuinely worried about Joan’s health. However, this trip had proven to be the chance for Dustin and Joan to hang out alone. As for Larry, the man must have been swamped back in the Chanaea. 
Sometimes, Dustin wondered if he should thank Gabriella. 
Joan had only come out of the room after some time. “How is she?” Dustin asked the doctor immediately. 
He had not personally examined Joan because he was afraid of finding out that there was indeed a new tumor in her brain. 
“Um…” The doctor stuttered. 
“Why don’t you come and take a look yourself?” The doctor asked Dustin. Joan felt a wave of apprehension wash over her as she noticed the doctor’s odd demeanor.
###Chapter 1803
Chapter 1803 
Has something gone wrong with my brain… again? Joan sat at a chair aside and rubbed her hands together nervously. 
“Joan has fully recovered, but Dustin, you have to know that a patient’s emotions will affect the rate of her recovery. Don’t burden her with too many things in the future as she needs to be in better control of her emotions. I’m not sure what happened to her but it was obvious that she had not managed her emotions well,” the doctor said with a stern look on his face. 
“However, I’d like to add that she’s doing rather well. She just needs to be in control of her emotions. Do spare some time and take her out for some fresh air. It will help her condition,” the doctor added, as an attempt to ease Dustin’s worries. 
After stepping out of the doctor’s office, Dustin looked at Joan apprehensively. 
I have to protect her from getting upset. She cannot bear to be troubled by any more harrowing news. 
“Dustin, what’s the matter? Is there something wrong with my brain again?” Joan was feeling anxious as she waited for Dustin to break the news to her. 
“Look at you being all anxious. The doctor said you’re fine. But Joan, you have to promise me not to overthink those complicated matters okay? You need to take a good rest and just relax.” Dustin looked at the woman seriously. 
So, I’m alright. Joan heaved a sigh of relief. 
She thought that a new tumor had been growing in her brain again when Dustin was summoned into the doctor’s office right away.
“Don’t worry about it. I’m out of the country to relax, Dustin,” Joan said as she tapped on her chest confidently. 
Dustin knew the woman was just putting up a strong front. Of course, he was well aware that Joan was still worried about the Alpire Group acquiring the Norton Corporation’s subsidiary company. However, Gabriella was the mastermind behind it, and there was nothing he could do. 
There was no changing Gabriella’s mind unless Jory’s father decided to intercept in the matter. 
“Okay, Joan. I’ll be honest with you. The doctor told me that there’s nothing wrong with your body. It’s just that you have to manage your emotions well because it affects the health of your brain. So, you need to relax,” Dustin said with a stern face. 
I see. My emotions have been all over the place, especially when I was back in Chanaea. She would lose her sleep along with Larry and would get upset together with Larry. It was especially apparent when the man felt anxious and helpless at the acquisition of the subsidiary of Norton Corporation by the Alpire Group. 
“Okay, well noted on that, Dustin. Thank you for taking me here today.” Joan managed a thin smile. 
She needed to take good care of her body because she was not alone. 
I have Larry now. I cannot leave him, and I can’t. 
“Joan, let’s go hiking tomorrow. It’s been a while,” Dustin suggested out of the blue. 
Why is he thinking about hiking right now? 
However, she thought it was a good way to distract herself. 
“Okay, let’s go hiking tomorrow,” Joan replied in a heartbeat.
She did not wish to give the thing about Larry and Gabriella much thought. Joan knew that she had to learn to let some things go, and to erase certain images from her head for the sake of her body and her brain. 
Ring… 
“Larry? Why would you call at this hour?” Joan was stumped. 
They would always call in the morning and at night, but it was the noon. The timing was odd. 
“Joan, the company is back!” The excitement on the other end of the phone was infectious. 
The company is back? What does he mean? 
Joan was bemused. 
“Larry, what did you just say? I don’t understand,” Joan asked in a low voice. 
“Joan, you know the thing about the Alpire Group acquiring the subsidiary of Norton Corporation? They’ve just decided to revoke the decision! For real! Oh, I don’t know how to thank you!” Larry beamed.
###Chapter 1804
Chapter 1804 
Joan was confounded. What does the matter at the company have anything to do with me? 
“Larry, this is really great news, but why are you thanking me?” Joan asked out of confusion. 
She had contributed nothing to the matter as she had been overseas all this time. 
Larry paused for a moment and cleared his throat. 
“Yes, I am thanking you. Didn’t you save Jory’s father? He called and asked Jory to give the company back to us,” Larry explained. 
What? When did I save Jory’s father? Joan felt like she was in a very strange dream. 
“Larry, what are you saying? When did I save Jory’s father?” 
“Joan, just stay there for the time being. I’ll catch a flight there after I’ve dealt with matters here.” Larry hung up the phone afterward. 
The line went dead, and Joan realized that he had hung up on her. 
I saved Jory’s father? When? How? 
She had only been there for a few days, and had not met anyone in particular, only Dustin… and the old man. 
Could he be the old man? 
Is he Jory’s father? Really? 
What a coincidence.
Then, the old man’s words rang in her ears, about how he could help her solve her problems. 
She made her way back to the old man’s ward. The old man was laying on the bed, reading a newspaper with his spectacles on. She noticed that the old man was engrossed in his paper, and Joan almost could not bear to disturb his tranquil moment. 
“Get in here. What are you standing out there for?” The man did not even lift his head and said. 
How does he know that I’m standing right outside? 
“Um, Mister. I’d like to ask you something.” Joan said awkwardly as she scratched the back of her head. 
“Fire away. Is it about the company?” The old man readjusted his glasses. 
“Um, yes. Did you really ask Jory to do that? Are you really Mr. Synder’s father?” Joan gauged the man before her, flabbergasted at the coincidence. 
The old man looked at Joan and smiled. 
Yes, that’s true. 
“Yes, you’re right. I am Jory’s father,” the old man replied. 
“Thank you, thank you so much for helping us.” Joan hurriedly bowed to the generous old man. 
Somehow, Joan found it surprising that the man was indeed Jory’s father. 
“So, how do you plan on thanking me?” The old man folded his papers. 
It was a tough question.
She did not have money, power, nor the ability to repay him. How should I thank him then? Helpless, Joan lowered her head. 
“Miss, why don’t you just cook for me?” The old man suggested. 
“I haven’t been able to enjoy a proper homecooked meal ever since coming here. So, could you just cook for me, until the day you leave here? We’ll call it even then.” The old man smiled. 
“Really? Is it that simple?” Joan looked at him in disbelief. 
“Yes, it is. I know that you’re going to be even more uncomfortable if I don’t ask you to do something. So, just cook for me, will you?” The old man then continued to browse through his paper. 
“Okay, Mister. Since you’ve already requested it, I will cook for you starting tomorrow,” Joan said reassuringly. 
The old man chuckled to see her all worked up. 
The sun had already come up for some time while the woman in bed still had her eyes closed while she enjoyed the warmth. 
It had been a long time since Joan last had a good night’s sleep. 
Ring… 
“Hello,” Joan greeted as she yawned. 
“Joan, what are you doing? Are you still in bed? We’re heading out right now. Hurry up,” Dustin egged her on. 
Joan sprung out of her bed right away.
###Chapter 1805
Chapter 1805 
“What are you talking about, Dustin?” the woman asked while rubbing her eyes. 
“Come on, Joan, don’t tell me you’ve forgotten about it. Didn’t we say we’re going hiking today? I’ve waited a long time for this.” 
Joan suddenly remembered their plan and shot out of bed, rushing for the bathroom. 
“I’ll be there in a bit!” she cried out before hanging up the phone. 
She had taken some sleeping pills to get a good night’s sleep, so she accidentally overslept this morning. 
Dang! This is so embarrassing. Everyone must be waiting for me… 
“Hey, Joan, where are you now?” Dustin asked wearily when he called again, “Are you even coming?” 
“I’m here! I’m here!” Joan rushed out over the phone as she ran toward him. 
Dustin was looking into the sky when she saw him. 
She looked around but saw no one else. 
Hm? I thought he said there were other people. Where are all of them? Did they go somewhere? 
“They headed off already. Come, let’s take a picture to commemorate this special moment,” Dustin said, finding a good angle for a selfie. 
Joan cast him a confused look.
“Joan’s late today,” Dustin said as his fingers flew across his phone’s keyboard before posting the picture on his social media. 
Gabriella saw the photo right after Dustin posted it. 
Joan Watts, you’re seriously unbelievable. You’re stringing Larry along over here while playing around with Dustin when you’re abroad. What a b*tch. 
Gabriella quickly took a screenshot of the picture and saved it. All she had to do was let Larry have a look at what Joan was up to when the woman went overseas. 
“Hey, Larry, you free to talk right now? I have something to tell you,” Gabriella asked with a cute voice. 
“What is it? I don’t have time for your bullshit,” Larry replied blatantly. 
Do you really find me that annoying? 
Gabriella clenched her jaw while listening to his antipathic voice. “You might be interested in a picture I have…” 
“I’m not interested,” the man stated curtly, cutting her short. 
“I’ve already sent it to you. I’m sure you’ll be interested,” she insisted. 
Ding! A notification sounded, indicating that the picture of Joan and Dustin had just been sent to Larry’s phone. 
Why are they together? 
Larry’s glare turned cold the moment he saw the two people in the photo. 
“Seriously, why are you so slow?” Dustin shouted at Joan.
The latter was panting desperately as she turned to look at Dustin, who was standing not too far away from her. 
“I’m just not as fit as you, okay?” 
He only cares about himself. Can’t he see I’m dying here already? 
Despite knowing that her stamina was not as good as his, Dustin deliberately climbed faster to tire her out. He wanted her to forget about everything else and focus on this moment. In his eyes, that was the only way she could vent all her pent-up emotions. He could read Joan like an open book. Although the woman was not verbal about her emotions, he knew exactly how she felt. 
“The sun’s gonna set if you don’t hurry up!” he cried out ahead of her. 
Joan trailed his gaze and looked at the darkening sky. 
It really is getting late. I can’t give up now. I’ve already come so far. With that thought in mind, Joan mustered all her strength and headed up toward Dustin. 
By the time the two of them reached the top of the hill, the sky had already turned dark. Joan sat on the ground, rubbing her sore knees. 
“Ha!” Dustin suddenly shouted at the top of his lungs, looking from the hilltop. 
Joan whipped her head towards him, horrified. 
Why’s he shouting? Is he depressed or something? He seriously has nothing to worry about. He does everything he likes. 
“Come over here, Joan. Shout your heart out,” Dustin said, pulling her up.
“Why should I? I’m feeling okay. I have nothing to shout about,” Joan said, pushing him away.
###Chapter 1806
Chapter 1806 
Joan did not want to behave like a lunatic. Besides, she was sapped of all her energy after hiking all the way up to the top. 
“Come on, don’t be such a bore. It’s not like you come hiking every day. You need to vent all the frustration you keep in your heart,” Dustin urged, patting her on the shoulder. 
Despite his attempts at persuading her, all Joan could think about at that moment was her bed. “I’m so tired. I just want to rest. There’s nothing I need to vent about. I’m serious.” 
Dustin looked at his passive companion and took out his phone with a sigh. “One, two, three, smile!” 
“Hey, why didn’t you tell me you’re taking a picture? I didn’t have time to pose!” Joan complained, combing her hair with her fingers. 
She looked disheveled after all the climbing. Her legs, her arms, and her face were all smudged with dirt. 
“Don’t be so fussy. I should stop going easy on you from now on. I’m gonna start training you,” Dustin chided, looking at her from the corner of his eyes. 
After lingering at the hilltop for a while, the two went down as the moon drew nigh. Although the surrounding was almost pitch dark, Joan was not fearful. The night inexplicably calmed her down. It was probably because she had not gone hiking for some time. 
She was spent, but satisfied. 
Suddenly, she let out a sharp cry. “Ah!” Dustin dashed back toward her when he heard her shriek.
“What’s the matter?” he asked with concern and worry written all over his facial features. 
“Nothing. I just need to rest a little. I might have sprained my ankle.” Joan’s face contorted in pain as she spoke. 
The man looked at her ankle and confirmed that she was really hurt. Without further ado, Dustin squatted down and put her on his back before going down the hill. 
“What are you doing? Put me down. You’re going to tire yourself out like this,” Joan insisted, squirming in an attempt to get down from his back. 
“Stop moving. We’re not reaching the exit anytime soon if you’re walking on your own. I still need to get some sleep,” he scowled, rejecting her request outright. 
Joan looked at the ill-lit sky and relented. 
There were a few other hikers who were headed down the mountain with them. 
“Wow, look at that man. He’s so handsome!” a woman commented enviously. 
“What a beautiful couple. The boyfriend is so sweet to his girlfriend,” the woman’s companion added. 
All Joan could think about was Dustin. She felt so bad for putting him in such a situation. The sweat on his forehead rolled down his collarbone furiously, soaking his shirt. Joan wiped his sweat away whatever way she could despite feeling a little awkward. 
“I should take a picture of them. I bet they’ll go viral on Twitter,” the woman from before said as she took out her phone. 
“Hey, you’ll need to get their permission first,” her friend reminded her.
“It’s okay. It’s not like we can see their faces from where we’re standing anyways. Their backs are facing us.” 
The woman snapped a photo of Dustin and Joan as she spoke. 
Dustin’s body had grown so numb he lost track of time. He almost did not realize they had already reached the foot of the mountain. Joan dipped her head and looked at him worriedly, afraid that he would collapse. 
“It’s too late to get back safely now. We should just put up the night at a hotel,” Dustin suggested while panting heavily. 
Joan could not bring herself to make any further requests, so she went with his plan and followed him into a nearby hotel. 
“What? There’s only one room left?” Joan exclaimed with her eyes wide in disbelief. 
“You heard that right. Many people come here to hike these days, so our hotel only has one available room now. It’s no big deal for a man and a woman to stay together in one room. We’re living in the 21st century after all,” the receptionist said. 
At that statement, Joan’s eyes widened a fraction. What? Dustin and I aren’t even a couple! 
But this was the only hotel around the area – they had no other option. 
Dustin took a careful look at Joan before suggesting cautiously, “Why don’t we just stay here tonight?” 
“Of course not. How am I supposed to explain the situation to Larry after I get back?” Joan questioned.
###Chapter 1807
Chapter 1807 
Speaking of Larry again! 
Gloom spread across Dustin’s eyes when he heard that man’s name. 
“There’s nothing else we can do right now. It’s not like we can just camp outside however we like, and I don’t think any more cabs are operating at this hour.” 
Joan looked around at the empty road, feeling vexed at how his statement rang true. 
Before she could make up her mind, a woman barged into the hotel. “Are there any rooms available?” she asked. 
Dustin shot Joan an anxious look. 
“Excuse me! I thought we already reserved the room?” The former darted over to the receptionist, wearing his brightest smile. 
The receptionist looked at the dashing young man before her and smiled. 
“I’d love to give the room to you, but your girlfriend hasn’t agreed to it,” she stated, shooting a pointed look at Joan. 
“It’s fine. We’ll take the last room,” Dustin replied swiftly. 
The woman who had just come in glared at him from the corner of her eyes and left in a huff after hearing his reply. Joan still had not figured out what her next course of action would be. 
“Are you coming, Joan? I’ve already booked the room. Stop thinking about Larry already. You can explain everything to him after this. Yes, I like you, but it’s not like I’ll do something to you without your
consent,” Dustin muttered. 
It was true that he had his designs on her, but he would never force himself on her. 
Joan silently made a vow. I promise I’ll explain everything to you when I see you, Larry. 
A flicker of worry gleamed in her eyes at the thought of what would happen. 
“Come on, let’s head up,” Dustin said, squatting down again in front of her. 
Meanwhile, Jory was having a difficult conversation with Gabriella. “Mr. Synder, don’t you think you owe me an explanation?” the latter demanded. 
A smirk played on Jory’s lips at the woman’s impudent request. 
“I didn’t do it,” he said. 
My dad did. 
A fit of anger rose in Gabriella’s heart. In order to force Larry to his knees before her, she wanted to work with Jory to bring down Norton Corporation. However, the man’s dad had come in out of nowhere and spoiled her plan. 
She stared at the young man coldly. “I know your dad did it, but you promised me that I’ll get Larry and you’ll get Nancy when we made a pact. You can’t back out of the deal now.” 
She had not expected a great businessman like Jory to go back on his word. It was a misstep on her side. She really should not have trusted this cunning man. 
“Yes, Alpire Group acquiring Norton Corporation was never part of our plan, but the divestiture of Norton Corporation’s subsidiary was all the old man’s idea,” Jory explained.
There was no changing the old man’s mind once he decided on something, more so because he hated feeling indebted toward other people. Joan had saved him at the hospital, so he would do everything he could to return the favor. 
“Stop giving me excuses, Jory Synder. You should hold your end of the bargain!” Gabriella seethed. 
Perhaps Jory sensed her anger or realized he was at fault when he finally cocked his head and looked at Gabriella. 
“I’ll make compensation. Name your price,” he stated forthrightly. 
I know you need money. And I know you like spending money too. 
I bet it doesn’t feel nice being chased out. You won’t be able to say no to my offer. 
“How could you do this to me? After everything I’ve been through to make sure things work out between you and Nancy? What did you give me in return?” Gabriella spat out, growing more and more agitated. 
The moment the woman brought this topic up, Jory decided to strike the iron while it was hot. 
“Now, now, I did promise you to take care of Larry if you helped me with Caspian, but I didn’t say you could use underhanded ways to make such a thing happen. Do you think I would need to stoop so low to get Caspian out of the game?” Jory admonished, glaring at her unreservedly.
###Chapter 1808
Chapter 1808 
Despite being a shrewd businessman, Jory despised people who used unscrupulous means to get what they wanted. Besides, Caspian was innocent. What happened between Nancy and himself was their own fault. 
Gabriella stared at the man before her in disbelief. 
Why does he even care about how I do it as long as I give him what he wants? It’s the end that matters, not the means! 
“Take this and leave,” Jory demanded, taking out a check. “This should be more than enough for you. Let me know if you need more. I’ll give it to you.” 
The woman let out a scoff of nonchalance. 
Do you think one million will solve everything? What I truly want is Larry and only Larry! 
Gabriella’s cold stare landed on the check Jory had just placed on the table. 
Where there’s life, there’s hope. I’ll make sure all of you pay for what you’ve done to me. Just wait until I get all the money I need! 
Bearing that sinister thought in mind, she swallowed her pride as a bitter smile played on her lips. 
“Do you think you can settle our score with just one million, Mr. Synder?” 
Who do you think I am? One million alone will not appease me. 
Jory looked at her in disdain.
“How much do you want?” he asked without giving her a second glance. 
Gabriella didn’t hesitate. “Two million. Give me two million now, and I’ll leave.” 
Jory lifted his gaze in slight surprise. Whatever. As long as I don’t have to see you ever again. 
Gabriella’s eyes went red as she watched the man scribble away on the check. 
She could not believe she had just stooped so low to bargain for two million. She grabbed up the fresh check and left right after, contacting Larry almost immediately. 
Ring! 
Larry took a quick look at his phone but did not bother answering it, seeing as the call was from Gabriella. 
He did not want anything to do with the woman. 
He carried on busying himself until a sudden thought washed over him. He had almost forgotten about the message Gabriella had sent him earlier on. He hurriedly swiped his phone open, and a photo popped up. 
The woman in the picture was smiling blissfully at a man, who looked equally happy. The couple seemed to be having a good time at the beach. 
The woman was none other than Joan, and the man with her was Dustin. 
Larry’s fists clenched tightly as he looked at the two in the photo. 
He could not understand why Joan still wanted to have anything to do with Dustin. Why didn’t she tell me she met Dustin abroad?
Is this why she sounds so tired and distracted when we find time to talk on the phone these few days? Is the reason behind her fatigue spending the whole day fooling with Dustin? 
Larry’s gaze turned cold and hard at the thought. 
He wished the photo was fake. He wished it was an edited photo. But from the looks of it, no one had made any changes to the photo. 
He scrolled through his contact list and dialed Joan’s number, but he was sent straight to voicemail no matter how many times he called. 
Out of the blue, he received a call. 
“Yes?” 
Gabriella was surprised her call got through. “Where are you, Larry? Can we meet up over a meal? I have something to tell you.” 
What’s it this time around? I’m sure it’s nothing good. Nothing good comes from this woman. 
“What is it? Just tell me over the phone. I’m busy.” He turned her down crudely. 
“What are you busy with? Isn’t everything regarding the company already settled? Besides, I really don’t want Alpire Group to acquire Norton Corporation. Come on! It’s already past working hours. Let’s have a meal together. I have something to talk to you about.” 
Her adamant response sparked Larry’s curiosity. 
He had asked Gabriella what the news was about a few times, but the woman refused to breathe a word to him over the phone.
She really is capable of doing anything. I guess I’ll hear her out and see what she’s done this time. 
“Fine. Send me your location.” Larry finally caved. 
A sinister hint of malice shone in Gabriella’s eyes as she gave him the details of her location.
###Chapter 1809
Chapter 1809 
Gabriella slammed her palms flat on the table as she glared through the empty space right at the wall. She was waiting for Larry to come so she could unveil Joan’s true colors. 
Joan Watts, I’ll show Larry that you have no true loyalty. 
When Larry arrived and saw the photos Gabriella presented him, he feigned indifference and asked, “What exactly do you want?” 
Spite played in Gabriella’s eyes as she looked at him. 
“Take a good look at everything here, Larry. Joan is having a good time with Dustin overseas. It seems like they’re enjoying their little reunion.” 
Larry was no fool; there was no way he did not see through the wicked woman’s tricks. He could not say he was totally unfazed looking at the photos, but he trusted Joan wholeheartedly. He knew Dustin and her were just friends. 
“Is there anything else you want to tell me? If not, I’ll be making a move first,” Larry said, taking a sip of his coffee. 
He knew Gabriella was up to no good. All she wanted was to split him and Joan up. 
But he did not need an outsider to tell him what was really going on. The best way to get to the bottom of it would be to call Joan himself. 
“Larry, don’t tell me you still have no idea what’s going on. Joan is clearly two-timing you. She’s deceiving you!” Gabriella was getting testy.
Larry smirked internally at her outburst. Ha! Don’t act like you’re a good person yourself. You don’t really care about me. 
“Just let me get this across, Gabriella. Don’t ever call me again over something so petty. I have better things to do than to listen to your petty gossip,” Larry warned her. 
Gabriella huffed. You’re busy to a point where you don’t even have time to eat? I know you just don’t want to see me. 
“Also, don’t even try sowing discord between Joan and me. Just mind your own business.” With that said, Larry turned and left immediately. 
Fury burned within Gabriella as she watched him leave. 
I’ll make sure I crush you, Joan Watts! Just wait and see! Her tight fists quivered in anger as feelings of hatred consumed her. 
After calming herself down, Gabriella made a call. “Hey, I heard you’re overseas right now. I have a job for you. Are you down for it?” 
It was time she took action. She simply needed to wait for Joan to see those photos. 
Ding! 
Joan checked her phone when she heard a notification. Someone had just sent her a few photos. 
Her mind went blank when she saw Gabriella and Larry in the photos. 
The woman was clinging to Larry after she got drunk at a bar. 
What am I seeing? Is this real?
“Joan!” Dustin had been calling out to her, but all the woman could think of was the photos someone had just sent her. 
The beach was packed with people. Children were playing around, and Joan was resting on a recliner chair, completely lost in her own thoughts. She felt completely detached from the buzz going on around her. 
“Hey, Joan! What are you thinking about?” Dustin patted her on the shoulder lightly. 
“Hm? Oh, it’s nothing, Nothing much. I’m just a little tired,” she quickly replied. 
The man observed the lethargy on her face and decided to leave her to herself so she could rest. 
Joan was distracted and down the whole day. She did not even realize when Dustin had gone to buy something. People were leaving the beach as the sky dimmed. 
“Hey, are you alone?” A well-built foreigner suddenly approached Joan. 
What does he want? She turned her head aside and ignored his question. 
The man was piqued when he saw her disregarding him. 
“Do you want some company?” He sat down next to her, fixing his gaze on her face. 
Joan looked around and realized there were not many people around the beach anymore, so she stood up hurriedly and got ready to leave. 
“Where do you think you’re going?” The stranger caught her by her arm.
###Chapter 1810
Chapter 1810 
“I’m sorry, but I really need to leave now.” Despite her polite refusal, the foreigner pulled her into his arms, leaving her no opportunity to leave. 
“What are you doing? Let me go! Get your hands off me!” 
Joan struggled to break free from the man’s strong hold, but to no avail. His forceful arms locked rigidly around her as he looked at her lasciviously. 
One million for a good time with this woman? That’s a bargain. The man stroked her cheeks slowly, causing Joan to turn her head away in disgust. 
Seriously, why do I keep running into weird people lately? Firstly, it was the old man who staged an accident. If it was not for Dustin, I would have ended up at a police station! And now, it appears that I have met a pervert. 
“Let me go! I’m here with my friend! He’ll come back and get me in no time!” Joan yelled as she tried to push the man away. 
However, despite how much she struggled, the man paid no attention to her words. He continued to fondle her collarbone. 
Joan knew she stood no chance against the man, so she took a deep breath and started shouting. 
“Help! Help!” 
Unfortunately, no one around the beach seemed to understand her.
“Stop shouting. Why don’t we play a game somewhere else? What do you think?” the man said suggestively, tossing a wink in her direction. 
Dustin! Where on earth are you? Joan looked around in terror but saw no sign of Dustin. 
I can’t just die in this man’s hands. 
“Please, let me go!” Joan began begging for him to stop. Incipient tears welled up in her eyes as every possible outcome flashed in her mind. 
She was scared. 
“Come on, what’s so bad about having some fun with me? You’re one hot chick, and I’m a snack myself. Surely the two of us are meant to be.” The man lowered his head and breathed his words into her ears. 
“Ah!” The man suddenly cried out in pain. Joan had bitten him on the arm, causing his grip on her to loosen. She grabbed that window of opportunity to dash as far as she could. 
“You b*tch! How dare you bite me! Stop!” The man wasted no time chasing after her at full speed. 
Joan called out for Dustin as she ran, but her friend was nowhere to be seen. 
“Got you!” The man exclaimed in glee before he slapped Joan in the face, sending her unconscious. 
He then dragged her into a warehouse and tied her to a pole before applying some medication on his arm. 
Meanwhile, Dustin had made his way back to the beach and was looking for Joan desperately. “Joan! Where are you?”
The night was drawing close, and the waves were rolling fiercely as the tide grew high. The night wind bellowed at the beach while Dustin wandered around alone, still looking for Joan. 
“Excuse me, did you see a Chanaean woman here just now? She’s fair and has black hair.” 
“Sorry for bothering you, but I was wondering if you’ve seen my friend?” 
Dustin walked to all the surrounding shops to ask if anyone had seen Joan, but his search was fruitless. 
“Joan!” he shouted in agony. 
When Joan finally regained her senses, she realized she was in a rugged warehouse. The foreign man who had abducted her was seated next to her, eyeing her like a hawk. 
“You’re finally awake. Look at what you did to me!” He walked over and squatted down before slapping her in the face twice. 
“Who are you?” Joan asked coldly. 
No incident of her offending anyone came to her mind, but judging from the man’s outfit, he did not seem like a thug. 
“You don’t need to know who I am. The only thing you need to know is that you’re gonna become mine soon,” the man teased as he played with a strand of her hair. He had a sly smile on his face. 
“I’ll give you money if you let me go. I can give you whatever you want. Just let me out of here.” Joan’s voice was shaky as she tried dissuading him. 
“Do you have a million you’ll like to offer me? I’ll consider it if you can give me that much,” the man said with a wry smile on his face.
Her eyes widened in alarm at his reply.
###Chapter 1811
Chapter 1811 
She might not be the brightest human out there, but Joan was smart enough to know what the man meant. Someone had paid him one million to kidnap her. 
She did not have the luxury of time to think about who the mastermind behind this was. Time was of the essence. She needed to get out. 
“Sure, I’ll give you one million,” Joan agreed. 
Greed glimmered in the man’s eyes when he heard her statement. To him, if she could easily promise him one million, it meant she was worth much more than that. 
“Let me make a call. I’ll ask my friend to bring you the money,” Joan hastened him up. 
She had to try all possible means to connect with the outside world. The longer she waited, the more dangerous things were going to be for her. 
The warehouse was an awful place. It was poorly lit and filled with damp old clothes. She figured this place must be far away from where Dustin was. 
“Let me make just one call. I’ll ask my friend to bring you the cash.” Hope surged within her when she saw the man contemplating her words. 
Gabriella had only promised to pay the man after he completed the job, but Joan seemed to be able to give him cash immediately. The latter’s deal was surely more tempting. 
“Alright, but you’d better make sure your friend is not bringing anyone else, or I’ll kill both of you tonight,” the man warned coldheartedly.
His sharp words sent a chill down Joan’s spine and made her even more nervous. 
She was securely bound by ropes, so there was no way she could move. The man made the call and held the phone beside her, putting it on the loudspeaker. 
“Hey, Dustin, could you bring me one million in cash? I need it urgently,” Joan said the moment the call got connected. 
Dustin immediately knew that something must have happened to her. She had never asked for so much money from him, and she sounded helpless and disconcerted as she did so. 
“Where are you right now? I’ll send the money over myself,” Dustin answered tactfully. 
He knew he could not say much over the phone. The kidnapper had to be listening to their conversation. 
Joan looked at the foreigner out of the corner of her eyes; he was shaking his head sternly. 
Dustin sensed her hesitation, and this further convinced him that she was in grave danger. 
“I’ll send you the address later. Be quick.” 
The man hung up after Joan finished speaking. 
Upon seeing the man smiling in satisfaction, Joan heaved a sigh of relief. 
She just needed to wait for Dustin to come now. 
“Are you thirsty?” the man suddenly asked. 
Her heart skipped a beat at his question, and she shook her head skittishly.
She knew better than to eat or drink anything this man offered her. 
The man was exceptionally nice to Joan all of a sudden. It was probably because he was anticipating a large sum of money from her. 
The man checked his phone from time to time before making a decision to drag Joan outside. 
“Where are we going? Aren’t we waiting for my friend?” Joan looked at the man in suspicion. She was afraid he might have changed his mind. 
“Yes, we’re waiting for him, but not here. God knows if your friend contacted the police. But don’t worry. I’ll let you go once I get the one million,” he said, gripping her arm tightly. 
This is definitely not his first time during such a thing… 
Joan knew the only way she could keep herself safe was to obey his demands. 
She could only rely on Dustin now. 
Her heart thumped faster as the clock ticked by. 
Ring! Ring! 
The phone screen lit up again. It was Dustin. 
“Talk to him,” the man commanded. 
“Hello, Dustin,” Joan said softly. 
“Where are you now? There’s no one here.” Dustin’s voice showed that he was obviously distressed.
“I’m not there right now. Could you wait for me for a bit? I’ll call you in a sec.” At that, the man ended the call. 
Although Joan had no idea what the man was trying to do, she could tell that he was being extra cautious.
###Chapter 1812
Chapter 1812 
“Has he arrived?” the man asked. 
Joan softly replied, “Yes.” 
To her surprise, the man silently walked aside and turned on his laptop. From his well-coordinated actions, she knew he must be an experienced criminal. 
After looking at the screen for some time, the man switched his laptop off. He had a satisfied expression on his face. 
“Good. Your friend didn’t call the police. He’s here alone with the luggage,” the foreigner noted, stroking his beard. 
It turned out that he had installed surveillance cameras at the warehouse. He had moved to another place because he wanted to see if Dustin would really come alone with the money. What a cunning man! 
Joan looked at the man warily. “What happens next? Are you really gonna let me go?” 
“Don’t worry; I will keep my word as long as I get the money. You’re pretty, but I prefer the money,” the man remarked pensively as though he was thinking about something. 
“Call him and ask him to leave the money in the safe in a small hut along Tank Road,” the man said, lifting Joan’s chin. 
The woman did as she was told and informed Dustin of the location change. 
Ring!
This time, the man’s phone rang instead of Joan’s. “Speaking,” the man said sparingly. 
“Is it done?” 
“Yes. Everything went as planned,” the foreigner replied. 
Judging from the man’s tone, Joan guessed he must be talking to the mastermind of her kidnap. 
Although she could not hear the voice from the other end, she conjectured that the culprit must be a woman since the man sounded less brutish when talking over the phone. 
After some time, the man hung up. His gaze was merciless and icy-cold as he stalked over to her. 
“What is it?” Joan asked fearfully when she spotted his change in expression. 
The person who engineered this must have changed the plan. 
“What do you want? I’ve already agreed to give you the money,” Joan quickly added as she backed away from the man, who now was charging toward her in large strides. 
Her statement did not seem to affect her kidnapper, unlike before. 
“I’m sorry, but one million no longer suffices. I’m getting one and a half million after I’m done with you.” The man’s eyes shone with glints of thrill. 
Joan shuddered in fear. 
The person who hired him wants me dead. 
“Wait! What about two million? I’ll give you two million!” she cried out. 
The foreigner was growing annoyed by her desperate attempts to negotiate.
“You’re not even worth two million. That man over there is not even your boyfriend, so stop faking it. Do you think I’m stupid?” The man glared at her, clearly enraged. 
“I might have really believed you if I had not received the call just now. I bet your ‘friend’ over there is a cop. You came to the beach all on your own, so he’s not even your friend!” The man bellowed, pulling Joan’s hair before thrusting her toward the wall. 
“Ahhh!” A shriek followed. 
“I didn’t lie to you! That’s my friend. He’s not a cop… He didn’t call the police…” Joan’s voice trembled as she broke into sobs. 
Her pleas fell on deaf ears as the man had already gone berserk. 
He booted her three times until she could no longer stand on her feet. Blood began flowing from the side of Joan’s mouth. Although her forehead and arms were stained red, the man continued to attack her ceaselessly. 
“How dare you trick me! I’ll show you just how I treat people who try to lie to me!”
###Chapter 1813
Chapter 1813 
Slap! 
Joan’s face turned swollen and red under the man’s battering. 
Her body grew numb as her suffering prolonged. After a painful period of time, she passed out on the cold hard ground. 
“Get up!” the man roared as he kicked her, “Get up, you b*tch!” 
Her body remained motionless. 
“Stop acting!” 
The man picked up a bucket of cold water and splashed it on her. 
The cold shocked her awake, and she shook her head slightly, struggling to open her eyes. 
She had thought that she was already dead, but to her dismay, she woke up to an endless nightmare. 
“Please… Let me go…” she begged. 
She suddenly thought of Larry and how badly she wanted to see him one last time. 
“I’m so sorry, Larry. I might not get to see you again. You have to live on…” 
“What did you say?” The man sat on top of her and grabbed her hair. 
To his surprise, Joan burst out in a sarcastic laugh beneath him.
Her laughter infuriated the man, and he smashed her head against the wall until blood stained the ground once more. 
“Why are you laughing?” He seethed in anger. 
A weak smirk curved on Joan’s lips as she said calmly, “I’m laughing at your stupidity. Your parents must be embarrassed to see you like this. You’re a disgrace to your family.” She then mocked, “You’re no different from beggars. You’ll do anything for money. Are you even afraid of karma?” 
She went all out as she thought she was going to die anyway. 
Bang! 
Just as the man was about to deal her a fatal punch, the door swung open, and a blinding ray of light flashed before their eyes. 
Am I in heaven? 
Joan squinted her eyes at the dazzling light. 
Am I dead? 
This question spun in her mind right before she blacked out. 
By the time she woke up again, her entire surrounding was white. The curtains around her were white, the bedsheet of the bed she was on was white, the blanket that was draped over her was white—even the people peering down at her were dressed in white. 
This must be heaven. 
I definitely died.
What about Larry? How will he react to this piece of news? I didn’t get to see him one last time. 
Tears rolled down her eyes as she thought about the man she loved. 
“Joan, are you okay? Why are you crying?” A familiar voice rang in her ears. 
Dustin? She turned her head and saw her friend at the door. 
What’s happening? Is Dustin dead, too? 
She rubbed her eyes in disbelief and took a harder look at the man at the door. It was really Dustin. 
“Are you dead too, Dustin? What happened? Did the man hit you? Or was there an accident?” She showered him with questions as she looked at the man standing in front of her. 
Dustin took a thorough look at her as he moved closer. 
“Are you okay? Did something happen to your brain?” he asked, caressing her forehead lightly. Worry shone in his eyes as he did so. 
“My brain is still functioning, thank you very much. I’m asking why you’re in heaven with me…” 
Dustin was taken aback by her odd remark, but he quickly resumed his calm. 
“I like you, so I followed you all the to heaven,” he said cheekily with a smile on his face. 
She doesn’t even know if she’s alive or dead. How dumb can she get? She’s such an easy target. 
“A friend in need is a friend indeed,” Joan said, patting him on the shoulder. 
“Joan Watts? It’s time to take your IV drip,” a nurse called out as she made her way over.
Huh? Aren’t all forms of sickness absent in heaven? Why’s there a nurse here?
###Chapter 1814
Chapter 1814 
Hmm, they’re probably checking I’m fit for heaven. 
With that in mind, Joan lay on the bed quietly and allowed the nurse to put her on an IV drip. What a pretty nurse. This truly is heaven. 
Upon noticing Joan’s scrutiny, the nurse asked, bewildered, “What are you staring at?” 
“Well, I just think everyone in heaven is pretty,” Joan complimented her with a smile. 
The nurse darted her confused gaze at her, silently wondering if the patient before her was mentally stable. 
“What heaven are you blabbering about? Life on earth is too short. What’s the hurry to go to heaven?” the nurse replied. 
Dustin could not stand watching the ridiculous scene play out before him any longer. 
“You aren’t dead, Joan,” he said, trying his best not to laugh out loud at how silly his friend was behaving. 
Wait… I’m alive? 
Joan’s face flushed red at the realization. Geez, how embarrassing! The pretty nurse must think I’m crazy. 
“Why did you lie to me? You even said you’ll follow me wherever I go! You jerk!” She threw a pillow at Dustin as she yelled. 
Little did the two know, their every move was being filmed on camera.
Larry clenched his fists as he looked at the photos on the screen. 
This is already the third time I’ve received such images. You guys better stop testing my patience. Especially you, Dustin Silverman. You need to stay away from my woman. 
Larry’s murderous gaze hardened as he glared at the photos. “Book me a ticket tomorrow. I’m flying to…” 
“Larry!” Caspian barged in just as Larry was about to finish his sentence. 
“What is it?” the latter asked without shifting his gaze. 
His anger radiated off his body in waves, clearly indicating that he was in no mood to have a civil conversation. 
“I saw on Twitter that Joan is with Dustin,” Caspian began softly, carefully stealing a quick glance at Larry. 
“I know. That’s why I’m leaving tomorrow,” Larry replied dismissively. 
Caspian knew Larry would take care of the matter; the latter would even face Dustin head-on if need be. 
As that went on, Gabriella was restlessly waiting for updates. “How’s everything?” 
“We’ve been tailing them and snapping photos all the while. As for the other man who was supposed to kidnap Joan, he was caught by the police.” A man’s voice rang mechanically over the phone. 
A wave of rage flooded her heart, but Gabriella willed herself to calm down. 
“That’s fine. We’ll focus on taking photos for now. I’ll pay you more if you get more shots.”
There was no turning back for her. She was a heartless woman, and she would live up to who she was. 
She banged her fists against the table in a fit of anger, causing everyone around her to jump at the sudden sound. Joan Watts! After everything I plotted against you, how can you still be alive? 
Larry hopped on a flight and arrived early the next morning. 
Although he was overtaken by fury when he saw pictures of Dustin and Joan together, he was now more eager to see the woman he loved. It had been days since he last saw Joan. He missed her dearly. 
He immediately called her number. “Hello? Joan, where are you now?” 
“I’m at…” 
“Joan! Get the ball!” Dustin’s loud voice pierced through Larry’s phone. 
She’s still with Dustin? 
Larry’s face turned gloomy. 
“I have something going on, Larry. I’ll call you in a bit.” Joan hung up right after speaking. 
A forbidding glint appeared in Larry’s already chilly eyes. This how you treat me after I’ve come all the way here? 
With growing fury in his heart, Larry hailed a cab and made his way to the beach. Joan had told him where she was staying when they video called last time. 
“Come on, Joan! You’re gonna lose at this rate!” Dustin cried out.
“You’re the one losing, not me!” Joan shouted back as she sent the ball flying over. 
Soon, their intense match finally ended. 
“Joan’s group won!” the referee exclaimed at the end of the volleyball match. 
“Yay! We won!” Joan cheered as she ran around the beach, elated.
###Chapter 1815
Chapter 1815 
Joan jumped up and down in excitement, celebrating her victory like a child. Dustin had originally been disappointed with his loss, but his mood lightened up the moment he saw Joan looking all electrified. 
“Your team played decently, I guess. I can’t believe you just won a volleyball match.” Dustin patted her shoulder approvingly. 
“That’s Joan Watts for you!” the woman exclaimed, tilting her chin proudly. 
Dustin lifted her off the ground, happy and content to see her happy. 
“What are you doing! Put me down!” Joan shrieked in panic. 
Larry, who had just arrived at that moment, caught sight of them from afar. 
“Let’s have a barbecue to celebrate,” Dustin suggested, ruffling her hair affectionately. 
As soon as they turned, they bumped right into Larry. 
“Larry! What are you doing you here?” Joan asked, startled. 
“Why can’t I be here? Am I interrupting something between you guys?” Larry asked back coldly. 
Is he angry? Joan looked at his face searchingly, trying to figure out why he was pissed. 
“So glad you graced us with your presence, Mr. Norton. Is everything well taken care of at your company yet?” Dustin asked sarcastically. 
Larry spared him a cursory glance before he turned to look back at Joan sternly. 
The woman knew that look on his face far too well.
She quickly made her way over to him and wrapped her arms around his hand. “Why not we go out for a meal together?” she questioned. 
Instead of replying to her question, Larry growled, “You’re leaving with me.” He grabbed her arm as he turned to leave. 
Dustin quickly interjected, “Larry, she hasn’t eaten anything. She’s worn out.” 
At that remark, Larry turned and looked at the other man, exuding a patronizing air. 
He badly wanted to throw Dustin into the sea and let the fish eat him up. 
“I get to decide what I’m doing with my woman, so get out of my way.” He spelled out every word authoritatively, shooting daggers at Dustin as he did so. 
“Did something happen, Larry?” Joan asked cluelessly, pulling on his sleeve. 
She really had no idea why Larry looked so disturbed. 
“Are you seriously asking me that question? Come with me. Now!” Larry bellowed. 
He dragged her to his room and stared her down as soon as she was inside. 
“So, tell me. Have you been happily spending time with Dustin these few days?” he interrogated as he cornered her against the wall. 
“What are you trying to get at? You’re the one who asked me to leave the country,” Joan answered quietly. 
She could not believe how Larry had changed his mind in just a split moment.
“I asked you to relax and unwind abroad. I didn’t say you could come here with Dustin!” Larry retaliated. 
His blood boiled violently as he recalled the pictures he saw. He could not believe they had the audacity to go hiking and go to the beach together. 
“There must be some misunderstanding, Larry. I didn’t know Dustin would be here,” Joan explained. 
He must be jealous now. 
While men were generally more forgiving than women, this was clearly not the case when they got jealous. 
“A misunderstanding? You were with him all the time! Were you happy when you two went hiking? Were you having an amazing time playing volleyball together? Do you want him to stay with you instead?” Larry grabbed her shoulders as he lambasted her with angry questions. 
Joan’s brows furrowed when she felt a pang of pain shoot through her body. 
“I told you that I’ll come looking for you once I’ve settled everything at the company. What are you doing here? You didn’t draw a clear line with that man. Is this the way you plan to treat me?” 
Disappointment and anger were written all over Larry’s face. 
“Do you even know what you’re going on about, Larry Norton?” Joan lashed out. 
Since when was he so impulsive? Anger rose in her heart as she looked back at him dead in the eyes.
###Chapter 1816
Chapter 1816 
“What is it? Are you saying I wronged you?” Larry’s eyes burned in wrath. 
His remark caused Joan to fall into silence. It was true that she had been with Dustin for the past few days. But nothing had happened between them. 
“It’s not what you think it is, Larry,” she began anxiously, wanting to explain herself. 
The man smirked when he noticed her anxious state and nodded condescendingly. “Fine. Tell me what’s going on then.” 
Joan did not know where to start now that he had suddenly asked her to speak her mind. 
“What’s the matter? You don’t have anything to say? I’ll speak for you then. You guys went hiking together and even stayed in the same room after that. Both of you had loads of fun at the beach while playing volleyball together.” 
Larry turned his back toward Joan as he delineated every single thing they did together. 
Joan’s expression turned grim as she listened to him speak with such wrath in his tone. 
There was no way he could recount everything in great detail. 
“You had me followed?” she asked. 
Larry looked back at her, disheartened. 
He had believed her all this while. He had not sent anyone to tail her this time, but all the photos on Twitter said it all. The pictures Gabriella showed him were enough to fill him in on everything the woman he loved had been doing.
“Yeah, I did. I sent someone to stalk you. I wouldn’t have known you guys had a thing if I hadn’t sent someone to spy on you!” Larry blustered out of control. 
Joan’s face shows a look of equal disappointment. 
What about you? What about the photos of you and Gabriella? She showed up at our house in her pajamas, and she was even clinging to you. How do you explain that? 
“I’ve never done anything to betray your trust. Dustin and I are friends. You’re the one who needs a check on your relationship with Gabriella.” With that said, Joan stalked out of the room, slamming the door behind her. 
“Joan!” Larry shouted after her, but she did not turn back. 
Larry was left all alone in the room. 
He could not understand why she had brought up Gabriella all of a sudden. 
Joan made her way back to the beach on her own. She spread her gaze across the dark blue sea as a sense of helplessness and loneliness overwhelmed her. 
She had thought that Larry would be happy to spend time with her on a vacation. However, it seemed as if he was only here to create trouble. 
“Hey, are you feeling okay?” Dustin made his way over when he saw her. 
“I’m sorry about what happened earlier on…” Joan began slowly, an awkward smile on her face. 
Dustin shook his head indifferently. 
“Why’s he here all of a sudden?” he asked.
“He actually planned to come over a long time ago,” she replied quietly. 
The wind was getting stronger, driving the waves against the shore fiercely as time passed. Noting the time, Dustin suggested Joan head back to rest, but the latter wanted to stay out a little longer. 
“Take this,” Dustin said, putting on his coat on her. 
Joan thanked him with a genuine smile. “Thanks.” 
She felt lucky to have a friend like him, especially when she just had a fight with Larry. 
“So, what’s next? A kiss?” A familiar voice came from behind. 
“What on earth are you talking about, Larry?” Joan shot him a glare. 
Larry ignored her and walked over to Dustin. “What about you? Do you think it’s appropriate to stay with my woman till this late at night?” 
“She’s your woman, but you let her sit here all alone for such a long time?” Dustin stood up and stared at Larry dead in the eyes. 
The latter sneered at that question. 
“Who are you to say anything about our relationship?”
###Chapter 1817
Chapter 1817 
Joan quickly got on her feet when she saw the two men about to fling their fists at each other. 
“Stop it, both of you. It’s late. Why not you head back first, Dustin? Thanks for your coat,” she said, giving it back to him. 
Dustin looked at her hesitantly. He was afraid Larry would do something to her. 
“It’s still early. Why not all of us have a talk?” Larry said with a snicker on his face. 
Joan looked at the man in confusion. What’s wrong with him? Does he have to speak like that? 
“I’ll see you tomorrow, Dustin,” Joan said, waving her hand at him in a dismissing manner. 
Dustin turned to leave, but Larry refused to let him go in peace. 
The latter sneered, “Do you guys want me to go to another room so you guys can have some personal space?” 
That comment made Dustin lose all his cool. 
Pow! 
Before Dustin could heave Larry a punch, the latter had already beat him to it. 
“Larry! Stop it!” Joan shouted desperately for him to stop, but her efforts were futile. Larry’s anger was not appeased. 
“You’re the one who failed to protect her, so don’t take it out on me!” Dustin snarled back and got on his feet, ready for a fight.
The two men charged at each other, and a ferocious fight ensued. 
“Stop it, you two! Stop!” Joan cried out anxiously, but none of them paid any attention to her. 
As the fight intensified, Joan felt that she had to do something. When she saw Larry raising his fist again, she dashed in between the two, causing a blow to land right on her nose. 
“Joan! Are you okay?” Dustin asked distraughtly, rushing closer to her. 
“Did you just take my punch for this man?” Larry’s eyes turned red as he glared at her. 
Joan glowered back at him with undiluted anger shining in her eyes. 
“That’s enough, Larry!” she yelled. 
Larry stared at her, hurt and rage in his eyes before he left without another word. 
“Are you okay?” Joan looked at her friend remorsefully. 
Dustin was injured all over. There were bruises on his arm, his face, and his legs. Larry had learned to fight, so Dustin had clearly been no match for him. 
“I’m fine,” he said, wiping away the blood at the corner of his lips. 
As Larry made his way to his room, his mind swirled with thoughts. She’s even willing to get hurt because of that man? Bang! The man ran his fist right into the wall once he got back to his room. Blood streamed down his knuckles at the impact. 
He walked over to the window and looked down at Joan and Dustin on the beach. 
“I’ll put on a bandage for you,” Joan offered, pulling Dustin back to the hotel.
She caught a glimpse of the man looking down at her from the window as she walked into the hotel with her injured friend. 
“What happened between you and him?” Dustin asked. 
The woman did not answer. Upon seeing her emotionless face, Dustin knew better than to probe further into the topic. 
Suddenly, he let out a scream of pain. 
“Can you please be gentle! It’s painful!” he groaned, touching a wound of his beside his lips. 
“I’m really sorry,” Joan hastily apologized profusely as she looked at him. 
The man’s gaze softened when he beheld the dispirited woman. 
It did not take an observant person to know that Joan had a lot going on in her mind. It seemed like she and Larry were not on good terms. 
Although this was good news to Dustin, he still wanted her to be happy. 
“You should head back to your room already. I can take care of everything on my own,” Dustin said, snatching the cotton buds from her hands. 
“Why?” 
“I know your heart and mind are not here,” Dustin muttered.
###Chapter 1818
Chapter 1818 
What he uttered was true. Joan knew Larry had also gotten hurt during the fight. She was wondering if he had his wounds treated and if he was okay. 
A pang of sadness rose in her heart as she thought of Larry. 
“Go and take a look at him if you’re worried,” Dustin urged. 
“I’m not worried about him,” she answered immediately. 
She and her ego. She’s exactly the same as Larry. Dustin really had no idea why the two could not just sit down and have a candid conversation. 
“Did you guys get into an argument?” he asked carefully. 
“I’m too lazy to fight with him,” Joan uttered quietly, sitting down. 
From her looks, Dustin was sure something had happened between them. Larry was the only person capable of putting such an expression on Joan’s face. 
“Off you go. Sleep is calling my name,” Dustin joked. 
“Why are you chasing me away?” 
Joan let out a soft sigh. I thought we were friends? 
“Hey, although it’s true that I like you and dislike Larry, I want to compete with him on level ground. I’ll respect whatever decision you make. Yes, I’m happy because your relationship is on rocky ground, but it breaks my heart to see you sad too,” Dustin explained.
His words warmed Joan’s heart. 
She suddenly felt lucky to have met someone like Dustin and was glad he was in her life. 
“Alright, you should get going now. Larry would come at me with a knife tomorrow morning if you stay any longer,” Dustin said, pushing Joan out of the room. 
Dustin knew he wouldn’t be able to easily get over her, but he did not want Larry to misunderstand the situation. 
Joan was a kind and pure soul who deserved to be treated with love. 
A sad smile curved on Dustin’s lips as he shooed her out. 
Joan paced around in the lobby after Dustin shut the door, not knowing what to do. 
She did not want to go back to the room Larry was in. She did not want to see him. 
However, there was no other room she could go to. 
She sat on the couch in the lobby and looked at the ceiling, lost in thought. 
After a moment of contemplation, she decided to stay there for the night. There was no way she was going back to that room. 
Over in the room, Larry tossed and turned on the bed, unable to catch a wink of sleep. He looked at the vacant space beside him and instantly felt regret for what he did. 
Did I act too rashly just now? I should’ve given her a chance to explain. 
He looked at the pitch dark sky outside, and his face hardened.
But… what I said was true! 
She was with Dustin all this time, and she didn’t tell me what she was up to. She even took my punch on that prick’s behalf! Anger surged in Larry’s heart as he recalled everything that had happened. 
What’s taking her so long? It’s already late. He began to grow more and more worried. 
He figured she must be at Dustin’s room since she saw her tugging him back to the hotel. 
What are they doing? At the thought of her sleeping in the same room as another man, Larry leapt out of bed and barged out of the room. 
Dustin had just fallen asleep when someone loudly banged on his door. 
“Who’s there?” Dustin asked impatiently. Who can it be? It’s already midnight! 
“It’s me!” Larry shouted. His voice shook Dustin awake. 
What on earth does he want? He can’t sleep? Is that why he wants to continue our fight? 
“What do you want?” Dustin asked through the small crack after opening the door slightly. 
“Are you seriously asking me what I want?” Larry exclaimed angrily, pushing his way in. Dustin almost fell as Larry made his way in. 
“Larry Norton, who do you think you are? You can’t storm into my room like this!” Dustin howled in anger as he steadied his steps. 
She’s… She’s not here. Where on earth is she? Larry shot a scrutinizing glare at Dustin, waiting for the man to give him an answer.
###Chapter 1819
Chapter 1819 
“What do you want? Spit it out and leave!” Dustin looked exasperatedly at Larry, who was behaving so inconsiderately. 
It was clear that he had no trust in Joan. “Where is she?” Larry demanded. 
Are you asking me? Isn’t she your woman? 
“She’s not here. She left,” Dustin replied. 
Where on earth is she? Larry’s brows furrowed in frustration. 
“Get out. I need to rest,” Dustin growled as he pushed the other man out. 
From Larry’s clueless look, Dustin had a rough idea of what was happening. He grabbed his phone and dialed Joan’s number after he got Larry was out of the room. 
“Hey, what are you doing? Larry came looking for you,” he said with a yawn. 
“Don’t worry; I’m in the lobby. Just let him be,” Joan replied, trying to keep her voice low. 
“Joan Watts!” A roar echoed in the lobby. 
The receptionist jerked at the shout and looked up angrily, but her rage simmered almost immediately at the sight of Larry. Her eyes sparkled when she took note of the attractive man. 
“How may I help you, sir?” the receptionist asked in a friendly manner. 
Despite her effort, Larry disregarded her and walked right over to Joan.
Gosh, not again. The woman was not ready to have another fight. She sat back on the couch, trying to distance herself from the man. 
But Larry went over and scooped her up in his arms. 
“What are you doing? Let me go!” 
“We’re going back to the room to sleep!” 
Larry brought her back to their room, unaware of the receptionist’s adoring stare. 
“Put me down!” Joan yelled. 
“That’s what I’m doing!” Larry placed her on the bed cautiously, making sure she didn’t knock her head against the headboard as he did so. 
After letting her go, he turned to leave the room. 
“Where are you going?” Joan asked. 
“You don’t want to see me, right? I’ll be sleeping outside.” 
Joan was at a loss for words. 
It went without saying that she was angry with Larry. He had misunderstood her and even hit Dustin. Not only did her friend not do anything to her, but he had also even saved her. But Larry came in and behaved as if he knew everything, when in fact he knew nothing. 
Yet, she could not bring herself to punish him. “It’s okay. Just sleep here tonight,” she said with a low voice.
Larry turned around slowly and looked at her attentively. 
It had just been days, but he felt as if he had not seen her for a century. He wanted this trip to be a good getaway for the both of them, but when he found out she was with Dustin, rage had blinded him. 
In hindsight, he knew he should have given her a chance to explain. Things might not be as simple as they seemed. 
Larry had indeed behaved recklessly. 
“I’m sorry for what happened earlier. It’s my fault. I shouldn’t have acted in that manner,” he said, bowing his head apologetically. 
Joan suppressed the smile on her face as she looked at him. 
I shouldn’t give him an easy way out. After all, he did beat Dustin to a pulp. 
“You should apologize to Dustin, not me,” she stated, looking at her fingers in an absentminded manner. 
Guilt budded in Larry’s heart, but he still hoped she could give him an explanation. 
“Do you have anything to say to me? It’s just the two of us now.” 
Joan knew what he meant. Since there were just the two of them, they should sort out their own argument tonight and apologize to Dustin tomorrow.
###Chapter 1820
Chapter 1820 
I’ll decide if I should apologize based on the explanation I plan to give tonight. 
Joan grinned. Since when did I become so smart? 
“All those tweets you saw earlier are not true. We went hiking, and I sprained my ankle,” Joan explained to Larry, “That’s why Dustin had to carry me. Nothing is going on between us.” 
The former then continued explaining, “It was too late for us to head home, so we had no choice but to stay in a hotel.“There was only one available room. Dustin and I didn’t have a choice but to share a room that night.” 
Larry paid close attention to her explanation as he did not want to miss out on the details. “I see. I guess I misunderstood him.” 
“You also beat him up,” Joan said coldly as her eyes shot daggers at him. “How could you do that to someone who saved my life?” 
“What did you say? He saved your life?” Larry shot her a confused look. 
Joan lowered her voice down to a whisper as if she was afraid to mention the situation out loud. “I don’t want to talk about it anymore. Long story short, I almost got kidnapped.” 
The thought of the danger she had been in sent chills down her spine. 
“You’re telling me Dustin saved you?” Larry asked softly. 
“Yeah. He even got all the cash ready as a bribe,” she replied.
Larry’s face turned grim. She only left the country for a couple of days, yet all these happened so coincidentally? Who was the man who kidnapped her, though? 
Suddenly, Gabriella’s smug face popped up in his mind. 
He truly believed Gabriella would go to the ends of the earth to get rid of a person she despised. 
Yes. Gabriella sure is one scary, persistent woman. A hard glint flashed across his eyes at the thought. 
“Hey.” Joan gently patted his shoulder. “What’s wrong?” 
“Hm? Oh, it’s nothing. Don’t worry about it.” Larry immediately changed the subject after, asking Joan concernedly, “How are you feeling? Are you hurt?” 
“I’m fine. Don’t worry. Look!” The woman tapped her chest repeatedly. 
She would not want him to know if she was injured because she knew he would worry. Even if she was hurt, she would have recovered by now. 
“Stop worrying about me. It’s getting late. Go to bed! You should find a way to apologize to Dustin,” Joan said, intentionally reminding Larry of an apology that was due. 
“Joan.” The man inched closer and embraced her. 
“It’s all my fault. You wouldn’t have gone through all these had I agreed to go with you.” Larry buried his head in her collarbone. 
Joan took a deep sniff of the familiar scent emitted from his body. 
She gave his back a gentle pat, hoping to provide him an indication that she’s forgiven him. Things that are destined to happen will still happen. Even if there’s no Gabriella in this world, there will always be a Gisella, Granella, or even Gerdanella, who will try to torture me.
I can’t expect people to always be there for me. I can’t expect people to rescue me whenever I’m in trouble. I must face such things on my own. 
Larry held Joan tightly in his embrace as the two of them closed their eyes and enjoyed the comfortable silence. 
The morning sun that rose the next day permeated through the window, filling the room with warmth. 
Joan stretched before she gradually opened her eyes. 
She turned around to face Larry, who was lying in the bed next to her. The events that had happened last night felt like a dream. 
Anger had been written all over Larry’s face when he arrived, but the man had instantly turned a total gentleman last night after she explained her side of the story. 
Perhaps he was angry out of jealously. Joan stroked the man’s brows tenderly, lost in thought. 
“Why are you up so early?” Larry suddenly grabbed her and pulled her into his arms. 
She was so close to his chest that she could clearly hear his heartbeat thumping at a steady rhythm. 
“I can’t sleep any longer,” she answered softly. 
“But I’m still tired.” Larry ran his finger down her cheek. 
“Okay. I’ll go for a morning jog while you catch some more z’s,” Joan stated decisively before she got out of bed.
###Chapter 1821
Chapter 1821 
“No. Stay.” Larry pulled her back and pinned her to the bed. 
His rapid breathing and palpitations made her blush almost instantly. 
“Stop…” 
Before she could continue, he planted a kiss on her thin lips. 
He continued to pry her lips open, shoving his tongue into her mouth as he explored every inch of her mouth with his tongue. After some time, the couple fell asleep once more. 
The sun continued to rise, and a colony of seagulls flew past the window. 
“Dustin!” Joan called out when she caught sight of her friend from afar. 
Upon seeing the expression on her face, Dustin knew she had made up with Larry. 
Well, I should be glad she’s no longer upset. It pained my heart to see how disheartened she was. 
Dustin finally came to a realization. 
He used to be obsessed with Joan and would always want to protect her and give her everything at all costs. But he had finally learned to let go. At this point, he desired nothing more than to see a genuine smile on her face. 
“Someone seems to be in a good mood today.” Dustin chuckled. 
Joan gave Larry a nudge. 
The latter awkwardly looked at the man in front of him.
It was uncommon for Larry to apologize to anyone. Yet today, he had to seek his love rival’s forgiveness. He was not ready to bite the bullet just yet. 
“What are you waiting for?” Joan patted his shoulder gently. 
Is he going back on his word? 
A line formed between her brows at the thought. She glared at Larry, hoping he could keep his promise. 
“I… I… Erm…” Larry walked up to Dustin hesitantly. 
“I…” 
Before he could say anything, however, Dustin said sharply, “Hey!” 
Even Joan was taken aback by the man’s reaction. 
“If you haven’t thought of what to say to me, or if you’re not willing to say something that’s against your will, you might as well not say it,” Dustin grumbled. 
What? Does that mean he doesn’t want my apology? Larry grew a little offended upon hearing such a remark. “Hey. I’m trying to apologize to you. Watch your…” 
“Larry!” Joan jumped in, quickly shooting the man a disdainful look. 
“You should be sincere with your apology.” She squeezed his shoulder gently with her hand, encouraging him to try once more. 
Her gesture made Larry’s heart soften. He just wanted to make her happy.
Deep in his heart, he knew he was at fault, but his ego got in the way; it stopped him from genuinely apologizing to Dustin. 
“I’m sorry, Dustin. And thank you.” Larry pulled himself together and continued, “I’m sorry for the misunderstanding between you and Joan, and I’m sorry for attacking you before I knew the full truth. And I also want to thank you for saving Joan.” 
Dustin could tell the man actually meant every word he uttered. 
“Thank you for the apology. We’re all good now. Come, let’s go and grab a bite together,” Dustin suggested. 
Larry was struck dumb for a moment and did not know how to react to that invitation. 
That’s how he reacts to my sincere apology? 
“All right, all right. Since Dustin has forgiven you, let’s go and grab something to eat.” Joan held onto Larry’s arm and dragged him along in a rush. 
“Have you solved that problem in your company?” Dustin looked at Larry and questioned curiously. 
The latter responded in a calm voice, “All matters have been settled.” 
The tension he had with Dustin seemed to have eased a little after the meal to a point where Larry wondered if he was dreaming. 
Day after day soon flew by. Larry and Joan took the remaining time they had together overseas before they got on a flight to return to their country. 
Larry had needed to fly back soon as there were some urgent matters he had to look into.
“Where are you going?” Joan asked. 
“I’ll be back before you know it. Don’t worry.” Larry turned around and shot her a small smile before he headed out. 
Gabriella was excited to meet Larry after the latter asked her out to a café. “I’m so happy to see you, Larry. What’s the occasion you called me out here for?”
###Chapter 1822
Chapter 1822 
Gabriella had been slightly annoyed when she found out about how Larry headed overseas to look for Joan, but at the same time, she was glad that the man had still thought of her when he returned. 
She had no clue what Larry wanted to tell her. 
“Can you please stop all your nonsense?” All of a sudden, Larry shot an angry glance at her. 
What’s he talking about? 
Gabriella knitted her brows and looked at him in confusion. 
“Have you forgotten all about what you did? Fine. Let me do the honors of reminding you then.” The man took a sip of his coffee before continuing, “Someone kidnapped Joan.” 
Oh. So he knew? Gabriella would never admit she had been the mastermind of the incident. He doesn’t have any evidence against me anyway. 
“What?” She gasped aloud, acting as if she had not been aware of it. 
Larry’s expression turned grim. Still trying to act innocent, I see. ”You should know what happened. You were the one who orchestrated the kidnap after all!” 
“What are you talking about? What makes you think I knew where she was or what she was doing?” The woman was adamant about continuing to feign ignorance. 
It was difficult for Larry to trust in her again; she had a horrible track record with him now. 
Besides Gabriella, Larry could not think of anyone who would use such extreme measures to harm Joan.
“I’m really innocent, Larry.” Gabriella continued to defend herself. “I’ve been in the country this whole time.” 
Larry snorted. Does she think I’m an idiot? 
“Stop acting. I know you did everything,” Larry sneered, “You can deny it all you want, but I’m here to warn you not to cross the line. If anything bad happens to Joan again, you better watch it!” He grabbed his coat and stormed out of the café. 
He’s still on her side! 
A hard glint flashed through Gabriella’s eyes. 
Joan, oh, Joan. Did you cast a spell on Larry? Why does he care so much for you? 
I should have gotten rid of you when I had the chance. I guess I have to wait for another opportunity to arise to finish you off once and for all! 
She clenched her fists tightly. 
“Hey, what’s wrong with you? You seem to be in a bad mood,” Joan took over his briefcase and asked. 
“We need to talk,” Larry looked into her eyes and said in a serious voice, “I want you to listen to me very carefully.” 
“From now on, you will need to be more alert of your surroundings. Someone wanted to harm you. That’s why the person orchestrated the kidnapping.” Larry grabbed Joan’s shoulders tightly as he spoke, hoping the woman would be aware of the potential danger she could be in. 
Joan wasn’t a fool. She knew who the person behind the vicious act was. She simply did not want to confront the mastermind.
“I know,” she uttered softly. 
Larry’s eyes widened upon hearing her confession. He was surprised that Joan knew about it. 
She patted his shoulder gently and reassured, “Don’t worry. I’ll keep an eye on Gabriella.” 
Suddenly, her phone rang. It was Dustin. 
“Why is he calling again? Does he not know you have a husband now?” Larry teased. 
Someone’s getting jealous again. 
Joan shot a glance at him and shook her head. 
“Hey, there’s something I want to show you. Come meet me right now,” Dustin voiced as soon as Joan answered the call. 
What now? 
After bidding Larry goodbye, Joan left the house to meet Dustin. 
“Look.” A stack of photos that had been laid out by Dustin was on the table. 
They were all Larry’s and Gabriella’s intimate photos. 
“Is everything all right between you and Larry?” Dustin asked, worried about her. 
The man did not think of Larry as a scumbag, but he believed it was not impossible for men to make mistakes in the absence of their loved ones. 
“I’ve seen these photos before,” Joan stated.
“Larry has explained everything to me. Someone took these photos on purpose,” Joan elaborated.
###Chapter 1823
Chapter 1823 
Dustin squinted in surprise and looked out of the window. 
Besides Gabriella, I can’t think of anyone else who would do such a thing. 
She hasn’t learned to go, I suppose. 
“Keep an eye on Gabriella,” Dustin warned. 
Joan’s eyes dimmed upon hearing his warning. 
The two women used to be close friends who would look out for each other. Joan had even viewed Gabriella as the most important person in her life at one point in time. But ever since Gabriella framed her and humiliated her, Joan had given up on their friendship. 
To Gabriella, loving someone was essentially selfish. She would not allow anyone — especially Joan, whom she hated the most — to snatch Larry away from her. 
“Don’t worry. I’ll be fine.” Joan shrugged her shoulders casually. 
Little did Joan know that Gabriella was already planning her next move to take her down. 
A familiar voice rang out of the blue. “Joan! Is that you?” 
“When did you come back?” Nancy rushed up to Joan and cushioned the woman in a hug. 
“I just returned. How have you been?” Joan patted her back, excitedly returning the woman with a question. 
She sure looks happy.
I’m not sure if Caspian is as happy as she is, though… 
“Yup! I feel great. How about you? Being all lovey-dovey with Larry now, I guess?” Nancy teased. 
Lovey-dovey? Oh, please. I should be thankful we’ve finally patched things up. 
“So you two have started dating officially, huh?” Dustin tapped on Jory’s shoulder and laughed. 
Jory responded with a grin but kept mum. 
Seeing the smiles on their faces, Joan knew what the two shared was love. Jory’s affectionate gazes and Nancy’s blushing red cheeks were a dead giveaway that the two were in love. 
After catching up for a short while, the two groups went their separate ways. 
Joan seemed to be high-spirited all the time ever since she reconciled with Larry. 
She had been feeling bored the last couple of days. Instead of sitting idly at home, she set out on a quest to search for delicious dessert recipes on the Internet. 
She planned to make Larry something special as a surprise. 
Since she had no experience in making desserts, the kitchen soon became a battlefield. Not only flour and sugar were strewn all over the floor, but there were also puddles of water here and there. Yet, she was not ready to throw in the towel. 
Despite the mess she made, she was not ready to give in since she had poured her heart and soul into this baking project. 
While she was making a mess in the kitchen, she heard someone opening the door. 
Joan was taken aback by the sound.
She took a quick glance at her phone. Larry would have probably reached home by now. 
Oh, no! But I’m not ready! 
“Larry!” She ran to the living hall, positioning herself in front of him. 
“Yes?” The man gave her a confused look. 
“Erm… head up to your room and get some rest first. Go, go, go!” Joan pushed him to the bedroom, far away from the kitchen. 
What’s going on? 
Larry opened the door by a fraction and peeped through the gap, wanting to know what Joan had up her sleeve. 
Joan did not seem to notice what he was doing, too busy tending to tasks in the kitchen to pay much attention. 
A corner of Larry’s lips quirked up as he watched her wipe tears off her face. 
So, she’s making dessert. 
At that moment, he could not help but feel fortunate to have Joan in his life. 
Gratitude was written all over his face as he watched her bustle about. 
“Oh, God, I’m exhausted!” Joan exclaimed. 
Soon after, she was finally ready to serve her dessert. 
The only problem was that her creation looked hideous.
Joan knitted her brows in frustration, not at all pleased with how it turned out appearance-wise. 
I worked so hard, yet this is what I made? Larry would be shocked to see how horrendous this is!
###Chapter 1824
Chapter 1824 
To say she was a little upset with the outcome would be an understatement. 
“Wow, what did you make? It smells good.” Larry walked downstairs unexpectedly as she was wailing internally. 
“Let me try some.” The man headed straight into the kitchen. 
“Don’t. It looks horrendous and tastes bad. I’ll make better ones in the future.” Joan lowered her head in shame before muttering, “I thought of giving you a surprise, yet…” 
Larry grinned and inched closer to her. “Silly girl. You’ve given me the best surprise ever. Come, show me what you’ve got.” He then picked up a piece of the dessert and put it into his mouth. 
“It’s delicious! Did you intend to hide it from me so you could finish it yourself?” Larry squinted his eyes playfully as he teased her. 
Joan was struck dumb by his comment for a moment. 
Upon seeing how hideous the dessert was, she had not bothered to try it. Yet, Larry shoved a piece into his mouth without any hesitation. 
“Really?” She was thrilled to see how much he enjoyed it. 
“I’m going to finish this by myself if you don’t want to eat any.” Larry took the entire dessert away in an attempt to tease her. 
“Hey, stop right there! Let me try some!” Joan ran after him.
Just as she was about to reach his side, he placed the plate on the table and turned around to give her a big bear hug. 
“Everything you make tastes good,” Larry beamed, giving her a light peck on the forehead. 
Joan kept her head down and blushed like a teenage girl who had just fallen in love. 
He always knows how to touch my heart and make me the happiest girl in the world. 
“Thank you.” She leaned forward into his embrace, snuggling up to him. 
How she wished she could enjoy the moment and forget about reality for a moment. 
The two of them really felt as though they could live happily ever after during that moment. But they seemed to have forgotten the existence of one particular woman. 
“Are you ready?” Gabriella was alone in a dimly lit room when she posed that question to someone who was on the line with her. 
“I really can’t do this, Miss. It’s against the law!” The man refused to be in cahoots with her. 
“You have nothing to worry about. Just do as I told you to,” Gabriella instructed in a deep voice. 
The man, who was on the other end of the phone, hesitated. 
“I’ll send you overseas once you’ve completed this task,” she promised. After a moment, she added, “And I’ll give you more money to help you to start your life elsewhere.” 
That sounded like a fantastic deal. 
“Fine. But I’ll need time to plan this out.”
“Go right ahead. I don’t care how long you take, but make sure you deliver the outcome!” Gabriella squinted her eyes in excitement and exclaimed. 
Larry and Joan had been enjoying the time of their lives for quite some time now. Even Caspian occasionally grew envious of them when he saw the two lovebirds. 
“So, how do you plan on celebrating your birthday?” Caspian asked. 
Larry’s birthday parties in the past used to be grand and luxurious, but this time, he wanted to have a more private and quiet one. 
“A simple one will do,” Larry replied. 
Caspian’s mind turned blank for a moment. Simple? How simple? What does that even mean? 
With his company on the right track and Joan by his side, Larry did not want a grand celebration to disrupt his peaceful life. 
In fact, he would not trade anything in the world for the tranquil life he was living now. 
A few moments later, Larry received a call from Joan. 
“Hey, so where will you be celebrating your birthday tomorrow?” the woman wasted no time, cutting straight to the chase. 
She wanted to know about the arrangement so that she could be fully prepared. 
“I just want to celebrate my birthday with a few friends this year,” Larry replied nonchalantly. 
That answer rendered the woman speechless for a moment.
He used to have grand birthday parties in the past, but now, he wants to celebrate his big day with a few friends? 
“I want to have a quiet celebration. No outsiders, no disturbance,” Larry explained. 
Since the man had made up his mind, Joan decided to do what made him happy. 
The birthday party was set to occur the next day. 
As Larry wished, it was a simple but cozy celebration with a few of his close friends.
###Chapter 1825
Chapter 1825 
Larry’s parents did not intervene upon knowing what he wanted for his birthday. They had learned to respect his decisions after acknowledging that he was no longer a child. 
“Caspian. Have some of this…” Joan excitedly spoke up. 
“Here’s a slice for you too.” She placed a slice of meat on Nancy’s plate as well. 
Though Caspian and Nancy were divorced, they were mature enough to set aside their differences. After all, they were all there to celebrate Larry’s birthday. 
Caspian decided to break the awkward silence by asking his ex-wife, “How have you been?” 
“I’ve been good. How about you?” Nancy asked sheepishly, feeling a strange sense of guilt rising within her. 
Luckily, a short round of small talk seemed to resolve the tension between the two divorcees. 
“Honestly, Caspian, I can’t believe how you used to tolerate my temper in the past!” Nancy burst out laughing at the memory. 
“You made my life miserable! It’s all your fault! Let’s drink to that. Cheers!” Caspian took a sip of his red wine, smiling as well. 
Both Larry and Joan were pleased to see the reconciliation between the two. 
Caspian might not be the most suitable husband for Nancy, but he could still be a good friend to her. When they were married, the way they interacted with each other made them seem more like siblings than lovers anyways.
“Cheers!” Nancy tapped the table lightly and raised her glass before Caspian. 
After gobbling down several glasses of wine, the two divorcees had gotten really drunk. 
“Let’s play a game!” Caspian stood up drunkenly, swaying on his feet. 
Nancy, too, stood up and started gesturing with her fingers. 
They were having so much fun with each other that they seemed to have forgotten about Larry and Joan beside them. 
Larry and Joan were glad to see the both of them learn to let go of their past and embrace a blooming friendship. 
Dustin, who had been observing them for some time from afar, could not help but smile while shaking his head. 
Who would have thought a divorced couple could maintain a friendship like this! 
Dustin sighed softly to himself. 
If I were in Caspian’s shoes, I would have pulled myself away and talked to someone else. 
All of a sudden, a knock on the door sounded. 
Joan looked at Larry in confusion, asking, “Who else did you invite?” 
The latter went deep in thought for a while before he shook his head. “I don’t remember inviting anyone else.” 
Wanting to see who had arrived, Joan stood up and walked to the door.
“Happy birthday, Larry!” Gabriella emerged once the door was opened. 
A heavy silence instantly fell upon the room. Everyone turned their attention to the unwelcomed guest. 
“What are you doing here?” Larry stalked to the door in a huff, shooting the woman a disdainful look as he did so. 
I didn’t invite her to my party. How did she even know I was celebrating my birthday today? 
“I’m here because I want to celebrate your birthday with you, Larry,” Gabriella replied in an overly sweet voice. 
The drunk Caspian shot a sullen glare at the woman upon remembering what she had once done to him. 
He was waiting for the right time to teach Gabriella a lesson! 
“You aren’t welcomed here. Please leave,” Larry ordered without hesitation. 
Gabriella was dumbfounded by how aloof the man was. She thought he would have invited him in to at least have a slice of cake. Feeling utterly awkward under the eyes of everyone in the room, she took a sidelong glance at all the guests who were unashamedly staring at her. 
“Are you mad at me? Please don’t be mad at me, okay? Tell me what I did wrong. I’ll not repeat the same mistake, I promise!” Gabriella inched closer to Larry as she continued, “More importantly, I want you to be happy.” 
“Here’s my birthday gift for you.” Gabriella then presented Larry with an exquisite gift box. 
To her dismay, the man tilted his head and looked away. “You should leave now.”
How dare he humiliate me like this? 
A vortex of anger swirled inside Gabriella. 
He treats me like shit all the time because of that scheming bitch! 
She decided to play the sympathy card, hoping to stir some sense of guilt into Larry and everyone there. “I only came here to celebrate your birthday, Larry. But since I’m not welcomed, I guess I’ll see myself out.”
###Chapter 1826
Chapter 1826 
The woman turned around and dragged her feet to the door. Just when she was about to open the door and leave, a voice suddenly rang out. 
“Wait!” Larry shouted. 
All at once, Gabriella’s face lit up in delight. 
Has he finally relented and is willing to allow me to stay? 
Nervously rubbing both her hands, she slowly pivoted and stared at the man a near distance away as she anticipated his next remark. 
“Take your gift with you!” Larry threw the gift box right at her. 
At that, Gabriella’s face instantly flushed bright red. 
It was the first time someone had ever refused a gift from her, and it was the man whom she loved to boot. 
“You’re going too far, Larry! I’m just here to celebrate your birthday!” Finally, the reins on her emotions snapped. 
Well, well… What a stupid woman! Doesn’t she know what she has done? Yet, she has the temerity to come and claim that she’s here to celebrate my birthday, huh? 
“As I said, I don’t need that!” Larry retorted coldly. 
As Joan gazed at his wintry expression, she felt that he had gone a bit overboard. Just when she was about to intervene, Dustin interrupted her.
“Gabriella Ward, you should just leave if there’s nothing else,” he suggested softly. 
He was merely reminding her that Larry loved Joan wholeheartedly, so she didn’t stand the slightest chance. 
However, Gabriella would never give up so easily. 
Damn you, Dustin Silverman! How dare you side with him? Her gaze turned a tad vicious, and the atmosphere became so tense that one could cut it with a knife. 
Gabriella’s presence here was abhorred by all, including Nancy. 
While she hadn’t had much interaction with her, she knew about how she had once set Caspian up back then. 
She’s definitely a cunning woman, Nancy reckoned as she stared at Gabriella some distance away. 
“Larry, I’ll just leave if you don’t want me to attend your birthday party. There’s no need for your friends to insult me here, no?” Gabriella declared resentfully. 
Upon hearing that, Dustin sneered. 
Hah! I haven’t even exposed her, yet she’s now taking me down a peg first. She’s really a character all right. 
“Hey, hey, what’s happening here? It’s a joyous occasion today, so why is everyone pulling a long face? Also, irrelevant individuals should just buzz off instead of spoiling people’s moods here,” Nancy drawled, deliberately snubbing Gabriella. 
Bang! 
All of a sudden, Gabriella viciously threw the gift onto the ground, shocking everyone around her.
“Fine! You win!” Then, she left without a backward glance. 
Phew! She has finally left! Joan breathed a sigh of relief. If she were to stay, who knows what other problems she might cause! 
“Okay, okay, she has left, so let’s continue eating,” she urged. 
Subsequently, the atmosphere reverted to back before Gabriella turned up. Caspian and Nancy went back to their game while Dustin and Larry drank together. Meanwhile, Joan slowly picked up the gift box on the ground. 
In the box was a necktie. 
Ah, this must have cost a fortune! 
Joan scrutinized the necktie, only to notice that it was branded. 
But Gabriella probably doesn’t have it easy, no? She had been kicked out some time ago, and she doesn’t have much savings. 
At that thought, her gaze dimmed as she stared at the necktie. 
“Joan!” Larry suddenly called out. 
“Huh? What’s the matter?” Joan promptly glanced back at him. 
“Just throw it away!” Larry asserted as he pointed at the necktie in her hands. 
I have no interest in Gabriella Ward’s gift! I only want to keep my distance from her, and ideally, to never see her again!
“Larry, this necktie must have burned a hole in her pocket,” Joan remarked in a whisper. 
“I don’t need it,” Larry countered placidly. Well, I’ve got enough neckties. 
“I mean, we can give it back to her so that she can get a refund,” Joan explained. 
Looking on, Dustin gaped at her in surprise. 
Is she for real? Why is she so foolish? Gabriella Ward purposely put her in a difficult position, yet she’s actually speaking up on her behalf!
###Chapter 1827
Chapter 1827 
After the simple birthday party had gone on for a long while, everyone dispersed. Caspian and Nancy’s relationship was obviously much better than before. 
They were no longer husband and wife, yet they both gained a friend in each other. 
“Joan Watts… Joan Watts…” Larry muttered. 
When Caspian and Nancy were playing a drinking game earlier, he joined in with Dustin. Although it was rather childish, they enjoyed themselves greatly. Surprisingly, both Larry and Dustin were then sloshed. 
“Okay, that’s enough. Don’t drink anymore.” Joan helped Larry into the bedroom. 
“I miss you, Joan,” Larry blurted out of the blue as he clutched her arm tightly. 
That was his drunk personality; he loved to act coquettish. 
Meanwhile, Dustin was sprawled on the sofa, snoring. 
At the sight of the two men’s sorry states, Joan shook her head. Then, she snagged her bag and left. 
After all, she had to check on Nancy since the latter had drunk quite a bit. As for Caspian, he was undoubtedly fine since he had always been able to hold his liquor. 
Sometime later, Dustin flipped over on the sofa. However, he simply couldn’t get comfortable, so he staggered up with his eyes closed and stumbled to the bedroom. 
Ah, this is heavenly!
He then stripped down to his birthday suit. 
The sky gradually grew dark. Joan, on the other hand, was still taking care of Nancy at her house. Probably having overindulged, Nancy hurled many times. Joan couldn’t bring herself to leave her alone in that state, so she stayed. 
However, she had no inkling about the commotion at her house right then. 
“Ahh!” Dustin shrieked at the top of his lungs. 
“Stop making such a racket!” Larry patted him lightly on the shoulder. 
“Let go of me, Larry Norton!” As Dustin said that, he started struggling wildly. 
At that very moment, Larry was clutching Dustin tightly and hugging his head in an X-rated scene. 
All at once, Larry froze. 
“What happened here?” The two men shot up in the next moment. 
“What did you do to me, Larry Norton? Well? Speak up!” Dustin appeared a touch aggrieved. 
My sexual orientation has never been in doubt throughout the years, but today, my innocence and reputation have been ruined at the hands of this scoundrel, Larry Norton! Ironically, he’s even my love rival! 
“I didn’t do anything, so don’t get the wrong idea,” Larry murmured. 
But when both men flipped open the covers, they screamed in concert. 
Beyond a shadow of a doubt, they were both naked.
“Oh, God! Larry Norton, you’ve got to take responsibility for me!” Dustin gave Larry a hard kick. 
Good heavens! He must have lost his mind! At that, Larry shot him a glare. We’re both men, so what’s all this talk about taking responsibility? 
“Forget it! You’re not a woman,” Larry muttered as he turned his face away. 
“You’ve ruined my reputation!” Dustin screeched loudly. 
“I’m not a sicko like you. I don’t like men, okay?” Larry tugged the covers higher. 
Having just returned home from Nancy’s place, Joan thought that Dustin had left when she saw no signs of him on the sofa. But the moment she opened the bedroom door, she was stupefied. 
“What are you two doing?” Joan squawked. 
“Listen to me, Joan. It’s not what you think! Nothing happened between me and Larry Norton! I swear!” Dustin hastily explained. 
Beside him, Larry said nary a word. 
She knows my sexual orientation best, so I don’t need to explain anything. 
“But if this gets out, it’ll be mortifying! People will think that you’re…” Joan trailed off, hesitant to finish her utterance. 
People will think that you’re gay! 
In the end, she still couldn’t bring herself to utter that word. 
“Okay, that’s enough. Get out of bed and leave!” Larry kicked Dustin forcefully.
“You’ve hugged and groped me, yet you’re now treating me like this, Larry Norton?” Dustin pinned a solemn gaze on the man in front of him. 
If not? How’s he expecting me to treat him? Larry sneered. 
“I’m already being merciful now, so hurry up and leave. I didn’t feel any desire at all when I hugged you,” Larry retorted disdainfully.
###Chapter 1828
Chapter 1828 
What the hell? You’re such a scoundrel, Larry Norton! You’ve taken advantage of me, yet you’re now trying to shirk responsibility! I really can’t fathom why on earth Joan likes him! 
“Dustin, you should take a shower and leave.” The lid on her emotions finally sprang open, and Joan burst into laughter. 
Ever since Larry and Dustin shared the same bed, their relationship became significantly ambiguous yet seemingly much better than before. 
“Hey, Dustin, you seem to be rather close with Larry Norton recently.” Jory studied the man before him suspiciously. 
He was rather bewildered at their amicable relationship at present since it was Dustin who asked him to acquire Norton Corporation’s branch companies to make life difficult for Larry back then. 
“Of course. Why wouldn’t we be close when we’ve even slept together?” Dustin replied placidly. 
In the next moment, water spurted out of Jory, who was having a drink. 
“What? You slept with Larry Norton?” He gaped at Dustin incredulously. 
Oh God, this is shocking news! He has actually slept with someone else, and it was a man! Most importantly, that man is his love rival to boot! Such mind-blowing news almost had Jory falling off the sofa. 
“Ah, don’t get so worked up! Nothing happened between the two of us. We merely slept.” Dustin hastily waved a dismissive hand at him.
Out of the blue, Jory hooted with laughter. 
What has on earth happened? When did he have such kinky predilections? 
“Alright, that’s enough, Jory. Stop laughing. Let me tell you, I only told you that because I truly regard you as a friend. Don’t repeat it to anyone else, okay?” Dustin asserted sternly. 
At that, Jory’s chortles abruptly stopped short. 
I, Jory Synder, never do anything that ruins someone else’s reputation! Furthermore, he’s my buddy! 
“Okay, I got it. But I think even if I keep it a secret, someone has already known about it!” Jory deliberately drawled as he flashed a smile at the door. 
“Haha… Dustin, you’ve actually slept with Larry, your love rival! This is a ludicrous joke! Oh gosh!” Nancy suddenly appeared in the office. 
Dustin glanced over his shoulder at her, looking extremely awkward. 
“Hey, that’s on you! If it weren’t for you, we wouldn’t have ended up in bed together!” Dustin groused. 
“Ah, that’s unconscionable of you, Dustin! If it weren’t for you, the two of you wouldn’t have had so much fun…” Nancy didn’t give him any quarter. 
Indeed, it was because she drank too much with Caspian that day while dragging Larry and Dustin along for the ride that resulted in the scene of them sleeping in the same bed. However, after that incident, Dustin and Larry seemed to have regarded each other as friends. 
“Okay, that’s enough. Stop talking about it! I’m leaving!” Dustin embarrassingly made himself scarce, slamming the door behind him.
Thus, it was only Jory and Nancy in the office, being all lovey-dovey. 
“Oh yes, Jory, I’m thinking about bringing you to meet my father tomorrow.” Nancy hooked her arms around Jory’s neck. 
Upon hearing that, Jory hesitated for a moment. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to meet Simon, but he wasn’t certain whether he would accept him. After all, he was partly the reason for Nancy’s shift of affections back then. 
“What’s the matter? Do you not want to do so?” Nancy eyed the man in front of her dubiously. 
She had thought that her relationship with him was already at the stage where they could discuss marriage, and she didn’t want to drag things out. Thus, she couldn’t understand why he hesitated when she proposed bringing him to meet her father. 
Could it be that he doesn’t want to marry me? In a flash, her gaze dimmed. 
“Jory Synder, you never thought about marrying me, yes?” Nancy pushed at him. 
“Hey, what are you saying, Nancy? How could I possibly not want to marry you? I love you! But I’m not sure whether your father will accept me.” Jory ducked his head. 
In truth, he had really fallen in love with her. It was for that reason that he resolutely abandoned some of his plans and acted on his father’s advice, returning all the branch offices of Norton Corporation he had acquired when she told him that Larry and Joan were her best friends. Actually, he didn’t have to return them, but he didn’t want her to be caught in a difficult position.
###Chapter 1829
Chapter 1829 
“Don’t worry, Jory. Everything will be fine as long as we love one another. My father is a reasonable man, so I believe that he’ll give our relationship his blessings,” Nancy murmured as she grasped the man’s arm tightly. 
Hearing that, Jory kissed her on the forehead affectionately before nodding resolutely. 
Meanwhile, Larry was engrossed in perusing documents in the office, everyone busy with their own tasks. 
Ring, ring, ring… He cast a glance at the caller ID, but he didn’t answer the call. 
Nonetheless, his cell phone kept ringing incessantly at the side as though it was going to ring forever if he didn’t pick it up. 
“Hello. What is it?” Larry demanded, cutting right to the chase. 
It was currently working hours, so he loathed receiving nuisance phone calls. 
“Treat me to lunch, Larry,” Dustin ordered. 
Huh? Has he gone crazy? No one takes the initiative to ask someone else to treat him to lunch! 
“I’ve got no time for that. I’m very busy.” As Larry said that, he wanted to hang up right after. 
“That’s not a valid reason! Let me tell you, Larry Norton, you’ve got to take responsibility for me since you slept with me! I want to have lunch!” Dustin insisted. 
What kind of twisted logic is this? At that, Larry was rendered speechless.
“God, you’re unreasonable, Dustin Silverman! Who exactly climbed into whose bed here? Logically speaking, you’re the one who should take responsibility for me!” Larry retorted loudly. 
“Alright, then, I’ll take responsibility for you. I’ll treat you to lunch instead!” Dustin offered with a chuckle. 
All at once, Larry was at a loss for word. 
Damn it! He must have too much time on his hands, so he’s messing around with me! 
“Well, let’s end this conversation here. If you’re really that bored, go and get yourself a girlfriend,” he suggested mildly. 
“Okay, then, you get busy. I’ll go and look for Joan!” As Dustin said that, he made to hang up the phone. 
“Hey, hey, don’t do that! I’ll treat you to lunch, okay? It’ll be my treat!” Larry promptly blurted. 
Dustin, on the other hand, naturally knew that Joan was his only weakness. 
This is more like it! He then hung up the phone after having gotten his way. How could I possibly let him off the hook so easily when he had taken advantage of me? I’ve got to make him pay for a bit. 
His lips curved into a smirk. 
At the Western restaurant… 
“Uh… Dustin, how about you give Larry some space henceforth? You’ve been seeking him out too often lately, either demanding that he treat you to lunch or tea. He’s my man, not yours,” Joan groused in a lowered voice. 
Meanwhile, Dustin had never expected Larry to bring Joan along on their “lunch date.”
“So what? Your man slept with me, so can’t I make him pay for a bit?” Dustin deliberately taunted. 
Argh! Here he goes again! Every time he mentioned that incident, Joan felt like blowing her top. They merely slept, yet he’s now making it sound so indecent! If it weren’t for the fact that I went to Larry’s office to visit him, they probably would’ve had a “lunch date” alone again! 
“Why don’t you get your facts right, Dustin? Larry is my husband. Look, everyone is staring at the two of you with contempt in their eyes!” Joan gestured at the diners around them. 
In a flash, the people around them hurriedly turned away and buried their heads in their food. 
Ring, ring, ring… 
In the office, two words flashed across Simon’s cell phone. 
As he stared at the two words that kept blinking, he massaged his temples. “Hello?” 
“What are you doing, Dad?” Nancy’s voice was filled with mischief. 
“I’m busy, so just spit it out.” 
Simon was well aware of his daughter’s temperament; she only sought him out when she wanted something. Otherwise, he wouldn’t even see her. 
“Er… Dad, I’d like you to meet Jory,” Nancy murmured shyly. 
It’s been a while now, so I should be bringing Jory to meet him. 
“What? So you want me to meet Jory Synder? Don’t tell me the two of you want to get married? I’m swamped, so I’m not meeting him,” Simon declined right away.
Back when her marriage was on the rocks, it was already merciful of me that I didn’t seek him out to settle the score! And now, she wants me to meet him? No way!
###Chapter 1830
Chapter 1830 
“Listen to me, Dad. Jory and I truly love each other. So, I think we should talk about settling down,” Nancy continued persuading Simon. 
Settle down? No way! She has just gotten divorced, and now, she wants to get married again? She isn’t considering Caspian’s feelings at all! What on earth has gotten into her? 
“I said no, so there’s no room for discussion. At least for this year, don’t even think about it. Nancy, you’ve just gotten divorced, and it was you who proposed it. Caspian didn’t even say anything, yet you’re now thinking of getting married again. What do you want others to say? Do you want them to say that you’ve long since cheated on Caspian?” Simon snapped without holding back his punches. 
At that, Nancy instantly went silent. She didn’t expect her father to put things so bluntly. 
Well, he probably dislikes Jory a lot. But I really love him! 
“Dad, I’m going to marry Jory no matter what. I’ve decided on him. Regardless of what others say, we love each other. Also, I’m going to bring him to meet you tomorrow. I’m just informing you now.” After saying that, she hung up the phone. 
“How dare you…” Before Simon had even finished speaking, the disconnect tone sounded. 
Good heavens! How could she be so willful? 
He heaved a sigh. 
Back when Nancy and Caspian got divorced, he planned to transfer all the family assets to Caspian to make it up to him. To his surprise, Caspian declined firmly. Thus, he felt a tad guilt toward him.
Presently, Nancy was sulking, and her eyes brimmed with sorrow. 
“Hey, what’s wrong?” Joan hurriedly plopped down. 
“A cup of coffee, please.” She then beckoned at the server a near distance away. 
“What else could it be? I really don’t understand my father,” Nancy huffed. 
From her morose expression, I’m sure it has to have something to do with Jory. Otherwise, no one would be able to influence her mood, considering her mettle. 
“What’s the problem now? The divorce is now finalized, so what else do you want?” Joan deliberately baited her after taking a sip of coffee. 
“Ugh! Why are you picking on me as well, Joan?” Nancy glowered at the woman before her in chagrin. 
“Well, what else should I be doing? You’re not telling me what happened. How would I know what to say when you didn’t tell me anything?” Joan countered candidly. 
“I want to bring Jory to meet my father, but he rebuffed me. He didn’t want to see him, but what father- in-law refuses to meet his son-in-law?” Nancy groused in a low voice. 
Upon hearing that, Joan instantly burst into giggles. 
That’s ridiculous! They haven’t even gotten engaged, yet she’s already labeling them as son-in-law and father-in-law? This is overly eager of her! 
“Ah, so you’re worried about this. But well, I do understand your father’s feelings,” Joan commented softly. 
When Nancy heard that, she grew even more incensed.
Ugh! I asked her out so that she can give me some suggestions! Why is she siding with Dad instead? 
“Stop messing with me, Joan. I’m in a dither, so hurry up and give me some suggestions!” 
“Why are you in a dither?” All of a sudden, Dustin appeared before the two women. 
Joan stared at him in puzzlement. 
“Why are you here instead of at work, Dustin?” she snarked as she threw him a glare. 
Hmph! I haven’t even settled the score with him about him pestering Larry! For some reason, he simply has tons of free time on his hands now like a rich heir, either going to Norton Corporation to visit Larry or endlessly pestering him to treat him to lunch! 
“Uh… The two of you seem…” Nancy wanted to say something, yet she hesitated time and again. 
“We’re not acquainted!” the two of them blurted simultaneously as they turned away, their expressions surprisingly alike. 
Hmm? Could this be the so-called interaction between male and female best friends?
###Chapter 1831
Chapter 1831 
Nancy stared at Joan and Dustin skeptically. 
“Uh… I’ve got something to do, so see you guys next time!” She quickly snagged her handbag to leave. 
“No!” Joan and Dustin swung their gazes at her in concert. 
“Nancy, didn’t you ask me out to give you some suggestions? Sit down, and we’ll talk about it. Just ignore others, for irrelevant people are simply annoying!” Joan asserted in a deliberate bid to snub Dustin. 
At that, Nancy looked at her in confliction. 
Dustin has never offended me in any way, so isn’t it rather unreasonable to ignore him at this time? 
“Don’t worry, Nancy. Just tell me whatever problem you’re facing, and I’ll resolve it for you.” Dustin patted his chest confidently. 
Oh God, what’s going on here? Nancy clutched her head with both hands, a tortured expression on her face. I can’t afford to alienate either of them, what with Joan being my best friend and Dustin being Jory’s best friend! 
“Well, this matter has nothing to do with you, Dustin. So, just go about your business,” Joan growled without sparing his feelings. 
Good God, she’s actually throwing a tantrum just because I asked Larry to treat me to a few lunches! Is this necessary? When did she become so petty?
“Of course, it has something to do with me! Jory is my best friend, so his problem is also mine.” Dustin showed no signs of backing off. 
As Joan stared at the man before her, she was gripped by the urge to punch him in the face. But in the next second, reason had her stifling that desire. 
“Fine. Since you’re so smart, you come up with suggestions. I’m not going to say a single word further.” Joan turned to gaze out the window with fury written all over her face. 
“Fine by me! Listen here, Nancy…” 
Subsequently, Dustin started speaking eloquently at length, from her relationship with Jory, their married life, and Jory’s personality, to how they could curry favor with Simon, and so on. 
At the side, Joan was taken aback. 
Hmm… never had I expected him to actually know that much. 
“Dad!” Nancy hollered before she had even stepped into the house. 
Simon had heard her ages ago, but upon recalling that she wanted to bring Jory to meet him, his blood immediately boiled. 
“Dad, look who’s here!” Nancy promptly rushed over to him and acted coquettishly. 
This was Simon’s weakness, so he couldn’t help relenting every time she acted coyly with him. 
“Can’t you be more ladylike? You’re all grown up now.” He gazed at his daughter indulgently. 
“Look, Dad! I brought Jory here to visit you, and he bought lots of gifts for you!” Nancy hurriedly exclaimed ingratiatingly.
“Mr. Barrymore,” Jory swiftly greeted as he stepped forward. 
But the moment Simon spotted him, he instantly whirled around and strode into the living room without saying anything. 
Seeing that, Jory knew that he had hit a brick wall, for Simon’s action made it clear as day that he wasn’t welcomed. All at once, his gaze dimmed. 
Beside him, Nancy wore a mortified expression. 
“It’s okay, so don’t worry. I’ll go and talk to him,” she murmured in consolation. 
In response, Jory nodded slightly. 
“What’s wrong with you, Dad? Why did you do that when I brought Jory home to meet you?” Nancy whined in a whisper. 
“Nancy, I’ve told you that I don’t want to see that man. You should both leave. I still have some things to handle,” Simon stated coldly. 
At the sight of his indifferent expression, Nancy knew that her father was truly furious. 
In the past, he’d always indulged me no matter my shenanigans and willfulness. What was more, he’d even help me out. Even when it came to my divorce from Caspian, he merely turned a blind eye to it. So why is his reaction so intense today? 
Disappointment swamped her. 
“Nancy, you should grow up. In the past, I indulged and spoiled you because you were young and ignorant. But now, you should learn to consider other people’s feelings. What would people think when
you brought Jory Synder here? If you were to get married right after getting divorced, even an idiot would be able to tell that you cheated on your husband,” Simon rebuked bluntly.
###Chapter 1832
Chapter 1832 
Nancy looked at her father in shock. When did Dad become so concerned about what other people think? 
“Dad, we are the ones who live our lives. Why do you care so much about what the others think?” Nancy asked, baffled by her father’s behavior. 
Dad is not acting like his usual self. 
Indeed, Simon had always been a straightforward, decisive man who had never faltered in his belief and actions. But things are different now. 
The whole matter could affect Caspian’s reputation as well. 
It’s already a shame for Caspian after his divorce from Nancy. If any rumors saying he got cheated on by his wife starts… 
Simon was a sensible man. He certainly understood how Caspian would feel if other people knew that his wife dumped him for another man. Therefore, he would not allow his daughter to do anything reckless during this sensitive period of time. 
Furthermore, he would not accept Jory to be Nancy’s boyfriend for now. 
“Leave. I don’t want to see that guy, Jory, in front of me. Take him away immediately. Also, if you have nothing else important to say, don’t come finding me again.” Simon sighed. 
After all, he knew that Nancy would come again to pester him to accept Jory next time. 
“Dad, why don’t you like Jory?” Nancy shook Simon’s arm fawningly.
Frowning at her childish behavior, he could not help but raise his voice at her, “Nancy, stop. You’re the one at fault. Do you think that you can settle this matter on your own? Don’t you realize how serious this is? Even if you’re clueless, how could Jory not know about it?” 
Nancy was taken aback instantly. 
Seeing how cold and unrelenting her father was, she turned away in dismay and went to Jory. 
“Come, let’s go. We can come again next time.” Nancy looked hesitantly at the man in front of her. 
Jory peeked inside, trying to see Simon, and remained silent. 
Later that night, at a restaurant, Joan was happily having her dinner with Larry. 
Today, we’ve finally got to spend some quality time with each other without the annoying third wheel— Dustin. 
As they were chitter-chattering about trivial matters, Joan’s phone rang all of a sudden. Seeing that it was Nancy calling, she answered the call promptly. 
“Hi, Joan. Where are you? Can you come and drink with me? I feel like sh*t right now.” Nancy sobbed. 
Is she crying? Joan was shocked. 
“Nancy, are you okay? What happened?” she asked worriedly. 
“Joan, I’m really sad.” Nancy sniffled. 
Hearing her heart-rending voice, Joan could not bring herself to reject her, so she told Larry about it and went out hurriedly.
When she reached the pub, she immediately found Nancy downing her shots alone at the bar. She rushed towards her and took away the drink in her hand. “Nancy, why are you drinking so much?” 
Judging by her red face, she knew that Nancy was as drunk as a skunk. 
Nancy threw her arm around Joan’s neck and asked in a low voice, “Joan, why? Why does my dad hate Jory?” 
Joan shook her head and sighed. Is this about Jory again? 
“Okay. Listen to me. Stop drinking and head back home. It’s getting late now,” Joan said, holding Nancy up to prevent her from toppling over. 
However, Nancy pushed her hand away and protested, “No, I don’t want to go home. I’m sad. I want to drink!” 
She then continued to drink bottle after bottle and was finally knocked out after the third bottle. 
Okay, we can go now. Joan dragged her down from the bar chair and piggybacked her out of the pub. 
Ugh, why is this woman so heavy? 
“Hey, Nancy. You should lose some weight,” Joan said, shaking Nancy deliberately. 
“Huh? What? Cheers!” Nancy muttered and then buried her face in Joan’s hair. 
You win, woman. I surrender. 
Joan shook her head amusedly and continued to carry Nancy on her back as she waited for a cab at the roadside.
However, before she could hail a ride, a few shady-looking men appeared on the empty road. 
One of them—a bald man—sauntered to Joan. “Yo, pretty lady. Do you need any help? I’d be more than happy to carry her for you.” 
“No, thanks,” she rejected politely. 
“Hey, don’t reject my help. Look at you. You’re straining yourself to carry your friend! Come, let me help you.” He squatted down with his back facing her. 
Joan clenched her fists and sighed inwardly. It seems like we’re going to have big trouble tonight.
###Chapter 1833
Chapter 1833 
“It’s okay. We’re heading somewhere else. Bye.” Joan took a few steps back, ready to leave. 
The rest of the men who were standing behind them just now immediately blocked her path. 
“Miss, it’s getting pretty late. I’ll help you.” With that, the bald man pulled Nancy down from her back. 
“Hey! What are you doing? Nancy, wake up!” Joan yelled as loud as she could. 
But Nancy still had her eyes closed, lying quietly in the arms of that bald man. 
“Ah, what a good girl. She’s so well-behaved.” He looked at Joan and ordered his men, “Take her away now!” 
As his subordinates held her down and tied her wrists with a rope, Joan used all of her strength to struggle against them. “Let me go! What do you guys want from us? Help! Somebody help!” 
Scared that she might attract other people’s attention, the man rebuked, “Shut up, b*tch! We’ve been watching both of you for so long.” 
Sh*t, looks like we’ve become their targets. If Nancy was sober, it would be as easy as pie for her to overpower these men. But this girl is still sleeping! 
“Nancy, wake up! Wake up!” Joan called at the top of her lungs. 
Just then, Nancy raised her head and said loudly with her eyes closed, “Huh, what? Let’s drink! Come! One more!” 
Joan was livid. What kind of friend would doze off when we’re about to be abducted?
“Stop yelling, woman. I know that she drank a lot just now, so she won’t be waking up any time soon. You should be concerned about yourself instead,” the bald guy said, walking toward Joan. 
A shiver ran down her spine instantly. 
“W-what do you think you’re doing? Don’t come near me!” Joan shouted helplessly, looking around frantically to find a way to escape from him. 
However, she could not move anywhere because the other men had a firm grasp on her shoulders. The bald man smirked and caressed her face. “We’re going to play some games, of course.” 
Revolted, she turned her face away from his hand. 
Disgusting man with a nauseating breath! 
Suddenly, her phone rang. He glanced at it and hesitated for a moment. 
Then, he stepped closer and could not help but gape when he saw the caller ID. 
Needless to say, Joan noticed the obvious change of his expression. 
Judging from his widened eyes when he saw Larry’s name, he should be afraid of Larry. 
With such thought in mind, she tried her best to wriggle her wrists out of the tie, but it was too tight. “Oi, let us go and I’ll pretend as if nothing has happened tonight. If not, when Larry comes and finds me here, all of you are done for.” 
Now that she had no way out, she had no choice but to try her luck. 
The bald man’s eyes grew cold.
Who wouldn’t know who Larry Norton is? He is such a prominent figure in this city. If she’s really someone he knows, then we definitely can’t let her go. 
A young man came forward and whispered in his ear, “Boss, what should we do now? She knows Larry Norton!” 
“It’s okay. We can kill her after we do the deed,” the bald guy gave a straightforward answer. 
The boy was stunned. He had never thought of killing anyone, and he did not dare to do it either. 
“Boss, no. If we do this, we’d be imprisoned for life!” He tugged on the man’s arm anxiously. 
“What shall we do then? If Larry Norton knows about this, we’d be dead either!” the balding man yelled. 
They’re indeed afraid of Larry. Joan heaved a sigh of relief secretly. 
Then, she said, “Hey. Listen to me. If you guys let us go now, I promise everyone here will be safe, okay? I’ll just pretend nothing has happened between us.” 
Hearing her words, the leader hesitated. 
“Have you hear her, boss? She said if we released them, she’d let it slide,” the young guy exclaimed. 
Meanwhile, Joan’s phone was still ringing. It was as if Larry would keep calling if she did not answer his call. 
“Look, boss! The phone keeps ringing, so it means that this woman is someone really important to him. We must never offend Larry Norton, boss.” There was a trace of fear in the young man’s eyes.
###Chapter 1834
Chapter 1834 
Their leader glanced at the phone for a second before staring at Joan, troubled. 
After a long while, he finally walked over to her and squatted down. 
“Were you serious when you said that you’d let us go? If we release you, you swear you’d not tell Larry about us?” He stared at her intensely, looking for telltale signs of her lying. 
Joan nodded. “Yes, I meant what I said. I won’t say a single word about you guys, I swear.” 
Even though they kidnap us, we’re unharmed. So, there’s no need to tell Larry about this. 
Suddenly, a long-haired man chimed in, “Boss, we can’t release them. All women are liars. Have you forgotten about the woman who betrayed you?” 
What the heck? Joan’s once hopeful heart sank instantly. 
Upon hearing his subordinate mentioning the woman who hurt him, he clenched his fists tightly, and his gaze turned menacing. “How can I forget that?” 
“Boss, we must not let these two women go,” the man with long hair protested. 
Looking at the long-haired man, Joan had an urge to punch him and shut him up. Why does he have to butt in right when we’re about to be freed? 
“I’m not lying. Everything I’ve said is true. If you let us go, I will not tell this to anyone!” Joan repeated. 
The leader turned his back to her and pondered for a while, tilting his head in concentration. 
“Drink. I want to drink more…” Nancy muttered all of a sudden.
Joan looked at her friend and sighed dejectedly. 
It’d be great if Nancy is sober now; she is normally the one smarter in this kind of situation. 
Exasperated, Joan affirmed, “If I don’t keep my promise, may God punish me and let me burn in hell!” 
He immediately turned around with his gaze softening. 
Is he finally going to let us go? 
Joan waited for his answer expectantly. 
After a few seconds, he replied, “Okay. I’ll let both of you go, but keep in mind that it’s not because I believe you, but because I want to keep my fellow friends safe. I’m sorry for what we’ve done. Hopefully, you won’t tell Larry Norton about this.” 
The men standing at the side was shocked. 
Everyone thought that their boss would take things to extremes after the woman who betrayed him was mentioned. 
“Boss, have you forgotten what the woman did? She said she would come back to meet you, but in the end, she had ran away with another man.” 
“Shut up!” the bald-headed man yelled. 
He certainly remembered the lesson of not trusting the words of a woman. If it wasn’t for that wicked woman, I wouldn’t be still single now. 
“Let them go,” he muttered.
He knew perfectly well that they should not offend Larry Norton, especially if the woman in front of them was his lover. 
If I continue to keep these women, I’m sure he would kill every single one of us on the day he finds us out. 
Since the bald man had given his command, Joan was set free immediately. 
He came over and said, “Miss, please remember what you’ve promised today and keep your word.” 
Joan nodded solemnly. “Don’t worry. I’ll stand by my promise.” 
He put on a sad smile in return. 
In fact, he did not care if Joan would stick to her word or not. 
How could a man who was hurt by his lover’s broken promise trust the words of a woman so easily? 
The only thing he believed was that even if Larry found them, he would not do anything drastic because they had left both the women. 
“But!” As Joan walked away from him, she whipped around abruptly and looked at the bald man. “Please believe that there are still good women out there who are worth your trust.” 
Then, she continued her way to her sleeping friend and shook her shoulders. “Nancy, wake up!” 
Nevertheless, Nancy had no response at all. 
Gosh, this woman. Why does she have to be drunk when I need her the most? Does she have to be so devastated for Jory? It’s not a big deal at all. When there’s life, there’s hope. Even if her father doesn’t accept Jory now, it doesn’t mean that he won’t accept him in the future.
###Chapter 1835
Chapter 1835 
After that, Joan took out her phone and called Larry. Once he answered the call, she said, “Hi, Larry. Where are you now? Can you come to pick us up? Nancy is drunk.” 
Suddenly, she heard Dustin’s voice from the other side of the line. “Huh, who’s that?” 
Stupid Dustin! Why is he with Larry again? This is outrageous! 
Joan clenched her fists in a jealous fit. 
“Where are you? I’ll go pick both of you right away,” Larry hurriedly replied. 
“No,” she rejected. “Let Dustin come to fetch us.” 
Larry was puzzled for a second, but the moment he glanced towards Dustin who was sitting on the sofa, he understood why she did so. 
Recently, Dustin had always come to visit him, and Joan was rather unhappy with it. Is she jealous? 
Larry smiled at the thought. 
He was suddenly curious about how Joan would look when she was jealous. She would probably look adorable. 
After he hung up the call, Larry walked over to Dustin and said monotonously, “Dustin, Joan asked you to fetch her.” 
Dustin scrunched up his face in confusion. What? Why is this guy asking me to pick up his wife? Isn’t he scared that I might take her away from him? I don’t think he is so open-minded. Hmm, something is not right. Let me test him.
“Okay, I’ll go,” Dustin replied without any hesitation. 
Larry looked at him and flashed him a smile before going back to his work. 
Before Dustin left, he observed Larry once again, but he still looked unperturbed, making Dustin even more baffled. 
“Hey, Larry. Are you sure you’re okay with me fetching her? Won’t you be worried about us being together?” Dustin asked in a low voice, squinting at him. 
“Nope. Joan is the one who’s afraid that you might take me away from her,” Larry answered casually. 
Speechless, he went out of his place quietly. 
After some time, a car finally came to a stop in front of Joan and Nancy. 
“Why did she drink so much?” Dustin asked, helping Joan to get Nancy into the car. 
Joan patted him on his shoulder, thanking him, and heaved a sigh of relief. “What else could I do? She wouldn’t listen to me.” 
“Wait, Joan. What happened to you? Why is your face so dirty?” Dustin asked, staring at her face. 
She was stunned for a moment before taking out a piece of tissue paper from the glove compartment to wipe her face. 
“Ah, it’s nothing. I accidentally fell just now while I was carrying Nancy. She’s too heavy. Haha,” she made up an excuse hurriedly. 
All of a sudden, Nancy shouted, “What? You’re the one who loses. Joan, you must drink this round. Drink!”
Dustin immediately drew back in surprise. Seeing how drunk Nancy was, he realized that it must have been difficult for Joan to carry her alone. 
Despite that, he still felt something was off with them. 
Nancy was alright as she was just drunk. However, Joan did not look like herself at all. 
As Dustin pondered on it, Joan stared blankly outside the window, thinking about the men who abducted her and Nancy just now. 
The bald guy was probably hurt by the woman he loved, so he doesn’t believe in any woman now. 
A flicker of sorrow gleamed in Joan’s eyes. 
She had seen plenty of people who had similar experiences as the bald man. 
It’s normal to be dumped during the course of a relationship these days. Although breakups are saddening, heartbreaks are crucial to making a person stronger. 
“Joan. Joan?” Dustin called, looking suspiciously at the woman sitting in the backseat. 
However, he did not get any response from her at all. 
He then took a deep breath and shouted out loud, “Joan Watts!” 
She flinched at the loudness of his voice and snapped, “What?” 
Even Nancy was startled, too. 
Worried that their conversation might disturb Nancy’s slumber, she then lowered her voice and asked, “What is it?”
“Did anything happened to both of you just now?” Dustin asked tentatively. 
No, I can’t let him know about it. I’ve promised the bald guy to keep it to myself. 
Joan smiled awkwardly, rubbing her neck. “Nope. What could happen to us? Haha. It’s just that Nancy drank too much and caused a slight stir at the pub.” 
She had no choice but to use Nancy as an excuse. With the high intelligence of Larry and Dustin, they would definitely not believe me if I tell them that it was nothing.
###Chapter 1836
Chapter 1836 
I see. Dustin heaved a sigh of relief. 
Given that Nancy was dead drunk, Joan had no choice but to bring Nancy back to her house. 
After carrying Nancy into the room, Dustin sat on the couch in the living room. Then, he stared at the ceiling and panted for air. 
How much alcohol did Nancy have? Why did she become so heavy? 
“Well, you can go now. Everything’s fine,” Joan said to Dustin straightforwardly. 
Are you abandoning me after using me? 
Dustin glanced at Joan. 
“Shouldn’t you treat me to some food as a token of appreciation?” Dustin whined. 
After all, I was the one who picked you guys up! 
“It’s fine. I think you should go home because it’s getting late,” Joan asked him to leave directly. 
Actually, Joan knew what Dustin had on his mind: he wanted to wait for Larry so that he could claim credit and asked for some rewards from Larry. 
Ever since Dustin slept in the same room with Larry, he went to Larry’s company nearly every day. The colleagues would probably doubt Larry’s sexual orientation if they didn’t know Joan. 
“I’m not leaving. I’ve to wait for Larry,” Dustin murmured. 
This jerk dares speak his mind!
“Dustin, I think we have to talk.” Joan gazed at Dustin, who was sitting on the couch. 
“Sure,” Dustin replied nonchalantly. 
“Well, you and Larry are always together lately. Given that both of you are men, I’m afraid the colleagues would have misunderstandings if they always see you guys together,” Joan said cautiously. 
What’s wrong with it? That only proves that Larry and I are good friends. That’s all! 
Besides, I only want to joke around with Larry. He definitely doesn’t have a different sexual orientation. 
“Joan, what nonsense are you talking about? The friendship between Larry and I is pure, and the innocent have nothing to fear!” Dustin yelled. 
How pure is it? Joan continued sizing Dustin up with a suspicious look. 
“I only want to joke around with Larry, given that he took away the woman I love,” Dustin added deliberately. 
Joan was rendered speechless. 
She certainly knew that Dustin was referring to her. 
“Anyway, I guess you’re jealous, aren’t you?” Dustin gazed at Joan and asked like a busybody. 
“Who’s jealous? I’m not jealous.” As Joan blushed, she hastily turned around to avoid his gaze. 
Dustin, you’re a jerk! Why must you state the obvious if you know the answer? 
“She’s jealous!” Larry happened to have come home and interrupted them. 
Ding… Nancy’s phone was ringing.
Nonetheless, her eyes were still closed as she was in a dream on the bed. 
After a while, she finally opened her eyes. 
Snapped out of the dream, she stretched her body and looked around. She was apparently not shocked even though she was in an unfamiliar environment. 
“You’re awake. Since you had a lot of alcohol yesterday, come and have some food,” Joan said blandly. 
“How did I come back? I don’t remember anything about it.” Nancy rubbed her eyes. 
“Someone carried you back,” Joan glanced at Nancy as she replied. 
My god, you’re not even aware that you were kidnapped. If I didn’t come to your rescue, you would have been bullied already. 
“Joan, I had a peculiar dream just now,” Nancy said to Joan casually. 
“I dreamed that I was kidnapped by a few people. Besides, their boss was a bald man.” Nancy tilted her head as she began describing her dream. 
Some water spurted out from Joan’s mouth upon hearing it. 
“Hey, Joan, what’s wrong with you?” Larry immediately handed over a piece of tissue to her. 
“I’m sorry for being overly emotional,” Joan explained. 
Come on, that’s not a dream but the truth! 
Does she remember it? But she was sleeping all the time! Joan couldn’t help but stared at Nancy bewilderedly.
###Chapter 1837
Chapter 1837 
“That’s weird. Why would I have such a dream?” As Nancy was speaking, she grabbed a slice of bread and began eating. 
“You can have more.” Joan immediately gave Nancy a few more slices of bread, hoping that food could divert her attention. After all, having delicious food often made women forget about everything else. 
“Joan, the bread is yummy! Your baking skills are getting better!” Nancy said with surprise. 
Joan was right to use a few slices of bread to change the subject of the conversation effortlessly. 
Ding, ding, ding… 
Nancy’s phone rang once again. 
“Hey, your phone is ringing,” Joan reminded her. 
“Wait, let me finish this first. It’s not urgent anyway,” Nancy replied while eating the bread. 
After a while, she finally picked up the call. 
“Nancy, where are you!” 
Nancy was shocked to hear Jory’s cold voice. 
“I was with Joan yesterday.” Nancy dared not tell him that she was in a bar last night. 
“Do you know how many times I had called you? I almost went crazy because you didn’t answer my calls!” Jory said irritatedly. 
In fact, he had never felt so tormented before.
Nancy knew that she made Jory worried about her. As she felt guilty, she didn’t rebut nor stop him from berating her. 
For Jory, silence wasn’t the best policy. Instead, he wished to hear the truth from Nancy: Where did she go yesterday? 
“Nancy, tell me where you were yesterday,” Jory continued to ask. 
“I… went to a bar yesterday,” Nancy answered softly. 
Upon hearing it, Jory was boiling with rage. He spent the whole night looking for her all over the city, yet it turned out that she went to a bar! 
Besides, she didn’t even answered his calls. 
“I see.” With that, he hung up the phone. 
Is that all? Staring at the words on her phone screen, Nancy felt dejected. 
Jory must be pissed off! 
“Nancy, what’s wrong? Come and get some food,” Joan urged her to come over. 
What should I do? I would have a hard time coaxing Jory once he’s angry. 
Suddenly, Nancy felt frustrated as she didn’t know what she ought to do. 
Let it be. I’ll eat first and apologize to him sincerely afterward! 
With that, she came up to the dining table and enjoyed eating the delicacies. 
“Are you alright?” Joan asked worriedly as Nancy looked different after answering the call.
“I’m fine. Let’s eat,” Nancy put on an awkward smile as she said. 
Even a fool could tell that it was definitely Jory who called her. 
After all, who else could ever make Nancy feel sad or dejected apart from Jory? 
After Larry left the villa, Nancy went to Alpire Group. She wanted to explain everything that happened yesterday to Jory. 
However, she was stunned the moment she arrived at the office. 
Gabriella put both of her arms on Jory’s back. Besides, they looked intimate while their bodies seemed to be close to each other. 
“Jory!” Nancy yelled. 
Shocked to hear the high-pitched voice, Gabriella immediately withdrew her hands. 
“Why are you here?” Jory asked gently. 
What’s the matter? Did I disturb their intimate moment? 
Nancy stood in front of Gabriella, staring ferociously at her. 
“What were you two doing?” Nancy asked coldly. At this moment, the sense of chillness exuded from her eyes could seemingly kill anyone. 
“Nothing.” Gabriella shrugged in response. What a b*tch! Does she think that I’m blind? 
“Jory, what were you two doing?” Nancy then asked him seriously with a hint of disappointment.
She was willing to divorce Caspian to be with Jory, yet he had the cheek to have an intimate relationship with another woman. As such, she couldn’t help but feel betrayed by Jory.
###Chapter 1838
Chapter 1838 
“As she said, we weren’t doing anything,” Jory answered nonchalantly and continued reading some documents. 
At that instant, disappointment swamped her. 
She saw it clearly that Gabriella put her arms on Jory’s back, and they seemed to be rather intimate. How could they have the cheek to deny it! Jory, you’re indeed cruel! 
“I’m leaving.” With that, Nancy expressed her disappointment and turned around to leave. 
“Wait,” Jory suddenly stopped her. 
“Were you really with Joan only last night?” Jory eyed her curiously. 
Instead of questioning her, he only wanted to make sure about it. After all, he was worried that something would happen to her. 
“I’ve said it.” With that, Nancy banged the door and left. 
Now, only Gabriella and Jory were left in the office. 
“Mr. Synder, aren’t you worry that she’ll misunderstand?” Gabriella asked deliberately. 
“Why would she misunderstand? You’re not my cup of tea anyway,” Jory answered straightforwardly. 
At this moment, Gabriella felt that he was a boring man. 
“But luckily, you were beside me. Otherwise, I would have fallen to the floor,” Gabriella added smilingly.
Due to anemia, Gabriella felt dizzy when she was picking up some documents on the floor. Hence, she put her hands on Jory’s back to support herself and stay conscious. 
“Alright, Mr. Synder. If there is nothing else, I’ve to get going,” Gabriella said deliberately again as though she was hinting at something. 
Have I ever needed anything from her? I mean, it has always been her who come and see me! 
Jory smirked silently and didn’t give her any response. 
“By the way, Mr. Synder, I would suggest that you should talk to your beloved Nancy because she was jealous,” Gabriella teased. 
Suddenly, Jory stopped writing and looked out the window. 
Meanwhile, Nancy was eating frantically in a restaurant as though she was famished. 
“Hey, Nancy. What’s wrong with you?” Joan looked at her worriedly, feeling that something wasn’t right. 
“I’m hungry!” Nancy said while she was eating. I don’t believe it! Joan took a peek at Nancy. 
She believed that Nancy had an argument with Jory. 
“Is everything okay between you and Jory?” Joan took a sip of her coffee as she gazed at Nancy, who sat in front of her. 
Suddenly, Nancy stopped her frantic movements and began to sob. 
“Joan, why did he do that to me? I disappeared for only a night. To be exact, I went to the bar to vent my emotions. However, it turned out that he has another woman. I can’t accept it!” Nancy complained while wiping away her tears.
I knew it! It was Jory again! At that moment, Joan’s eyes dimmed. 
“What happened?” 
After quite some time, Joan finally understood what really transpired. 
“What should I do, Joan? Jory doesn’t want me anymore. We went through a lot before we are finally together…” Nancy asked sobbingly. 
Meanwhile, Joan took a deep breath. She had never imagined that Jory would do such things to Nancy. 
However, Joan thought that she had to verify the matter instead of listening to Nancy’s words. 
Maybe it was only some misunderstanding. 
Joan understood Nancy very well and knew that she often acted impulsively when it came to relationships. For instance, Nancy decided to divorce Caspian the moment she reunited with Jory. 
As such, Joan took out her phone and made a call. 
“Oh? Isn’t it Ms. Watts? Aren’t you still jealous of me? Why are you calling me all of a sudden?” Dustin deliberately provoked her. 
“Dustin, I’m giving you a task. Please find out what’s wrong with your good friend, Jory. Does he still want to be with Nancy?” Joan said furiously. 
Apart from her anger toward Jory, she actually had unpleasant feelings toward Dustin to a certain extent. 
“They are doing great. Why are you worried about them? Jory looked for her the entire night last night,” Dustin replied nonchalantly.
###Chapter 1839
Chapter 1839 
“I don’t think so. Nancy is crying here, saying that she saw Jory behaved intimately with another woman when she went to the office,” Joan rebutted. 
This is the truth! 
Dustin was lost for words. 
Since when did Jory have an intimate relationship with other women except for Nancy? 
Impossible! Jory has always been a self-disciplined man. Of course, it only happens after he met Nancy. 
“Don’t talk nonsense. I know Jory very well. He has no other woman besides Nancy,” Dustin explained after giving it some thought. 
Although Jory looked cold and even cruel to a certain extent, Dustin knew that he really loved Nancy. 
Moreover, Jory had changed a lot for Nancy. 
For instance, Jory wasn’t as cold as before after being with Nancy. 
“Joan, please comfort Nancy for now. I’ll meet Jory to find out what happened.” 
They hang up the phone after having the short conversation. 
Dustin believed that Jory would face a lot of trouble in business if he really hurt Nancy this time. After all, Simon loved Nancy and was protective of her even though he seemed to be strict toward her. 
“Alright, Nancy. Please don’t cry. I’ll go shopping with you, is it okay?” Joan comforted Nancy carefully.
Suddenly, Nancy’s eyes shone. 
“Joan, let’s go!” The next moment, Nancy stood up and dragged Joan to leave the restaurant. 
“Wait, I’ve to take my handbag!” Joan yelled. 
She was shocked to see that Nancy looked impatient and frantic. 
Wasn’t she crying just now? Why does she suddenly look composed? 
“Joan, look at this. Is this beautiful?” Nancy asked when she was pointing at a snowy white dress. 
“It’s beautiful,” Joan replied. 
However, before she could finish, Nancy had grabbed the dress and entered the fitting room. 
When Nancy walked out of the fitting room, she looked like a noble princess. 
Apparently, she touched up her makeup in the fitting room. 
As Nancy looked at herself in the mirror, her lips curved up in a satisfied smile. 
“Joan, how do I look now?” Nancy turned around. 
“This suits you,” Joan replied smilingly. 
“Please wrap this up for me. Besides, I want this, this, this, and that!” Nancy pointed at several other dresses. 
Joan was stupefied. Has she gone mad? Why is she buying so many clothes?
“Joan, let’s go and take a look at some shoes.” With that, Nancy dragged her into a branded footwear store. 
As soon as they entered, Joan gaped at the price tags in surprise. 
A pair of shoes in this store was worth nearly double the monthly salary of an ordinary white-collar worker. 
“Please get a pair of the shoes on the left side for me to try,” Nancy yelled. 
The salesgirl served Nancy enthusiastically because she was their loyal customer. Besides, she kept complimenting Nancy for having good taste in fashion while taking the shoes. 
“Ms. Barrymore, this pair of shoes suits you perfectly! It matches your skin tone so well, making you look even more noble and graceful…” The salesgirl praised Nancy exaggeratedly with all smiles. 
Nancy seemed to be satisfied with the compliment. She waved her hand, gesturing at the salesgirl to wrap it up. 
“Also, wrap up this pair of shoes and that high-heels for me!” The salesgirl did as Nancy said once she waved her hand. 
Meanwhile, Joan stared at Nancy in surprise. 
Is this how she vent her feelings? How extravagant! 
She just spent more than ten thousand at one go. Oh wait, I think more than a hundred thousand was gone in the spending spree.
###Chapter 1840
Chapter 1840 
“Nancy, you’ve bought a lot of things. Are you sure you can wear all these?” Grabbing Nancy’s arms, Joan reminded her. 
I’ve to buy them even if I’m not wearing them! 
A wry smile crossed Nancy’s face. 
I’ve to max out Jory’s credit card! 
“Why should I worry? I’m not spending my own money anyway!” Nancy patted Joan’s shoulder gently. 
Could it be… 
Joan suddenly understood what was on Nancy’s mind. 
In that case, you can go ahead! After all, the money that men have earned is meant for women to spend! 
Meanwhile, Jory was reading some documents in his office. 
A moment later, his phone buzzed from time to time, indicating that he received text messages. 
Jory was curious but initially thought that those were some marketing messages. Shortly afterward, he was shocked as he began reading the messages. 
Jory’s lips curled into a wry smile when he realized that they were about his credit card transactions. 
This woman is really naughty. She always wishes to max out my card every time she’s upset. Despite knowing that Nancy was on a spending spree, Jory was happy to spend the money for her.
Thump! 
Suddenly, Dustin opened the office and stood before Jory, panting. 
“What’s up?” Jory looked at Dustin worriedly. 
Dustin always remains calm and composed, yet why does he look so nervous this time? Besides, he didn’t even knock on the door before coming in. I mean, this is not how he usually behaves. 
“Hey, Jory, what did you do today?” Dustin asked. 
Jory looked at Dustin bewilderedly. 
Since when did he begin to be mindful of what I did every day? 
“I’m working and happen to be reading some documents now,” Jory shrugged his shoulder and replied blandly. 
Is that all? It can’t be! 
Dustin came up to Jory slowly while glaring at him with blazing eyes. 
“Hey, just shoot if you want to say something. And what is that look on your face?” Jory shot a disgruntled gaze at him. 
“Okay, I’ll get to the point then. Nancy said you’ve another woman and left her,” Dustin said softly. 
When did Nancy see it? 
Jory’s eyes dimmed in the next instance.
I haven’t settled a score with her for not coming home and answering my calls yesterday, yet she is accusing me of wrongdoing now? 
All women are preposterous creatures! 
“What do you think?” Jory looked at Dustin. 
“I think it’s impossible. There’s no way you would do that,” Dustin said as though he trusted Jory. 
Deep in Dustin’s heart, he actually had some doubts. He thought that men could make mistakes, particularly when their loved ones weren’t around. 
As he was deep in thought, he also observed the changes in Jory’s facial expressions. 
Fortunately, Jory’s reactions told him that he didn’t do such a thing. Hence, Dustin believed there was certainly some misunderstanding between them. 
“That’s enough. Stop messing with me. Besides, I’m busy and have a lot more documents to read.” Jory waved his hand. 
“Alright. I’ll take my leave now,” Dustin replied smilingly. 
“Oh, wait a minute,” Jory suddenly stopped Dustin. 
What’s up? Dustin turned around and eyed the man not far from him curiously. 
“Well, tell Nancy to call me if she has maxed out her credit card. I can give her a few more cards.” With that, Jory handed over two credit cards to Dustin. 
Dustin was stunned as though he was struck by lightning.
He’s the dream man of every woman! 
Free free to swipe the cards! Nancy’s an idiot! She should have cherished him! 
“Mr. Synder, I want to swipe your cards too,” Dustin deliberately said coquettishly. 
“Damn it, that’s gross. Get on with your work now,” Jory rejected him straightforwardly. 
Humph! He values romance over friendship! 
Dustin then turned and made himself scarce. 
Suddenly, an idea flashed through his mind when he was leaving. 
“Hello, Joan, where are you guys now?” Dustin whispered over the phone. 
“We’re in the mall,” Joan answered softly. 
“I see. Send your location to me, and I’ll be there as soon as possible.” 
“Why do you want to come here?” Joan asked cautiously. 
“Jory asked me to send two more credit cards to you guys, for he was worried that Nancy would max out her credit card,” Dustin replied.
###Chapter 1841
Chapter 1841 
Chapter 1841 Dustin Joins The Shopping Spree 
Joan’s body stiffened, and she couldn’t move an inch upon hearing it. 
“Hey, Joan, why are you standing still? Come on!” Nancy urged her to move quickly. 
“Ah? Okay.” Joan immediately hung up the phone and sent a message to Dustin. 
“Joan, did something happen?” Nancy hoped that she wouldn’t be leaving so soon. 
Given that Joan seldom went shopping with her, she was excited to have Joan’s company now. 
“Nothing. Dustin will be here soon,” Joan said softly. 
“Why is he coming here?” Nancy asked disgruntledly. 
Considering the close friendship between Dustin and Jory, she certainly didn’t have a good impression of Dustin. 
“Well, he’s here to help you carry the bags.” Joan patted Nancy’s shoulder gently. 
As Nancy glanced at the bags, her lips curled into a wry smile. 
Soon, Dustin appeared before the two women. 
“Hey, Dustin, carry these for me,” Nancy deliberately said. 
Dustin gazed at Nancy and pursed his lips in dissatisfaction. 
How could Nancy ask me to carry the bags for her the moment I arrived? She’s too snobbish.
Besides, does she want the two credit cards? 
“Ahem. Before I came here, Jory gave me two credit cards. He told me that you can swipe the cards whenever you want,” Dustin purposely said loudly so that Nancy could hear it. 
“Dustin, thank you for coming. Please take some rest,” Nancy replied smilingly. 
Dustin couldn’t help but chuckle quietly upon hearing it As expected, money comes first. 
Shortly afterward, Nancy came up to Dustin and acted cutely. 
“Dustin, I’ve maxed out my card. Please give me the two cards,” Nancy said gently. 
Good god, now she thinks I’m important and didn’t ask me to carry her bags anymore? 
“Hey, Nancy, do you think you should thank me for bringing the two cards for you?” Dustin said. 
What is the jerk thinking? 
Nancy held in her emotions and pretended to act like a simple-minded girl. 
“Of course, Dustin. Buy anything you want, and I’ll pay for it!” Nancy announced loudly. 
Humph! I’m sure he’s trying to take advantage of me! Well, I’ll let him buy using the cards! After all, he has to be responsible for it if the two cards max out! 
This is the best way. 
“Well, you said it, not me. Let’s go and swipe the cards!” The next moment, Dustin walked into a luxury goods store without hesitation. 
“Boss, I want this and this.”
“Oh, I want that too!” 
As the two began their spending spree, Joan doubted if Dustin was here to keep Nancy company or the other way round. Besides, Dustin didn’t seem to be worried about using Jory’s credit cards! 
“Hey, don’t go too far,” Joan reminded them and pointed at the bags behind them. 
“Hey, Joan, get some credit cards from Larry if you envy us. Don’t worry about Nancy because Jory is damn rich. Am I right, Nancy?” Dustin said while patting Nancy’s shoulder. 
“Indeed. It’s fine, Joan. He is wealthy and doesn’t need the money anyway.” After that, she continued to shop with Dustin. 
Joan suddenly felt like escape. 
Actually, Larry did give some credit cards to Joan as well. Nonetheless, Joan rarely used the cards, for she thought she didn’t lack anything so far. 
“Joan, where are you? Come here quickly!” Nancy yelled. 
“Joan, come and carry the bags for me!” Dustin also screamed at her. 
At this moment, Joan suddenly felt that she wanted to strangle Dustin to death. How dare he instructs me to carry his bags? ”Joan, be quick. Why are you dilly dallying?” 
The shopping spree finally ended after they shopped for almost a day. Joan felt exhausted, while Nancy and Dustin looked satisfied and delighted. 
Ding, ding, ding… 
Joan heaved a sigh of relief after gazing at the words on her screen.
“What happened? Why are you panting?” Larry asked worriedly over the phone.
###Chapter 1842
Chapter 1842 
Chapter 1842 It Felt Great To Be Loved 
Larry felt a strong urge to get in touch with Joan because it had been a day since he last heard from her. Little did he know the things she had to go through when that particular thought crossed his mind. 
If it was possible, she would rather spend a life without having encountered Dustin and Nancy, ever. 
Joan, who was relatively exhausted, replied in a hushed voice, “I’m still shopping.” 
Larry was thrilled because he thought she had learned to indulge and started utilizing the wealth he had bestowed upon her. 
“What have you bought? Do you have enough quota?” Larry asked. 
“Huh? I’m just here to carry the things they have bought.” 
After a short while, Larry hung up the call the moment he figured out the truth. 
He called Dustin and yelled the moment the phone got through, “Dustin, do you consider yourself a man? How dare you ask a woman to carry your things on your behalf?” 
Although they were friends, Larry couldn’t hold back his frustration anymore because the woman he loved wholeheartedly had to serve someone else. 
On the other hand, Dustin, who was reprimanded out of the blue, noticed there was another woman behind them. 
“O-Oh! I-I’m so sorry!”
Although Dustin had apologized, Larry went on and yelled at him to vent his frustration before hanging up the call. 
Oh, God! I’m doomed! 
Staring at Joan with an awkward expression, Dustin was utterly speechless because he had offended Larry when he planned to get the better of him. 
“Ms. Watts, allow me to carry those myself! Thank you so much for taking care of these on our behalf!” Dustin tried to flatter Joan. 
On the other hand, Joan was on her guard against the suspicious man. She felt as though he was up to no good because his attitude drastically changed within a few seconds. What does he want from me? I’m pretty sure something’s going on behind the scenes! Joan continued sizing Dustin up with a suspicious look in silence. 
He nudged her and said, “I have something to tell you!” 
“What is it?” Joan asked and took a peek at him. 
“When you’re home, can you please tell Larry we never meant to mistreat you? I mean, some of the things I have bought are for him as well.” Dustin stared at the things he bought, behaving as though he couldn’t bear to send them away. 
Some of these belong to Larry? Are you sure you’re not lying just because you want to flatter him? I’m pretty sure you have bought these for yourself! 
Staring at the things he had bought, Joan responded with a vicious smirk and assured, “No problem!” 
Since they are gifts, why not?
As she thought to herself, she continued smirking because a call from Larry was all it would take to do the trick. She knew Larry would call Dustin, yet it was beyond her expectation for Dustin to behave like a different person within a few seconds. 
Since Dustin had learned his lesson, Joan honored her promise and refrained from bringing the incident up in front of Larry once she was home. 
Larry sized Joan up and asked concernedly, “How are you? Are you tired?” 
“Don’t worry. Apart from having a pair of sore legs, everything else is fine.” 
Joan reassured him with a bright grin because she was overwhelmed by the feelings of being loved. 
“You’re such a fool!” Larry wrapped his arms around her waist. 
Meanwhile, Nancy, who had fully utilized the limits of Jory’s credit cards, showed no signs of guilt at all. 
Dustin announced, “Alright, you’re home.” 
“Thanks!” Once Nancy expressed her gratitude, she alighted from the car. 
She pointed at the back of the car and instructed, “Hey, Dustin! The trunk please!” 
Staring at the woman in front of him with a confused look, he couldn’t comprehend her words because there was nothing else apart from his clothes in the trunk. 
Nancy kicked the door and repeated herself, “I need to get my clothes! Hurry up!” 
Since Dustin couldn’t afford to offend the woman, he immediately did as instructed and opened his trunk.
The moment he did, he started regretting his decision. 
“H-Hey! Nancy, what are you doing? Those belong to me!” Dustin raised his volume and directed his query at her. 
“What do you mean those are yours? I have bought all of these for Jory using his card! You’re allowed to tag along because I needed someone to try out the outfits.” Once Nancy made herself clear, she brought everything away with her. 
Has she always been such a domineering woman?
###Chapter 1843
Chapter 1843 
It was undeniable Dustin and Jory had one thing in mutual—their figure. 
Although Jory and Nancy were in the middle of a fight, they still held their better half dear in their mind. 
Jory, who was on the couch, was heartbroken because Nancy seemed to be completely worn out, throwing everything to the ground the moment she entered the house. 
“Why have you bought so many things? Aren’t you tired?” Jory asked. 
Is he upset when it has barely caused any dent in his account? 
“Am I not allowed to buy the things I like?” Nancy asked rhetorically with her lips pursed. 
Glancing at the woman in front of him, he stated, “You can get everything you desire without holding back, okay? If these aren’t enough, feel free to go for another round of shopping spree tomorrow.” 
“Stop being such a busybody!” Nancy brought herself into her room once she answered him in a petulant manner. 
Jory responded with a self-deprecating smirk because he might have to spend a fortune to please her whenever she was irked in the future. 
Nonetheless, he was determined to do whatever it would take to please her. 
When Jory caught his phone buzzing, he noticed it was a call from Dustin. 
“What’s wrong?” He picked up the call immediately he had been anticipating it.
“Don’t you think it’s too much? Your woman had bought all my favorite shirts for you when I was the one keeping her company throughout the entire day! I deserve some credit as well, okay?” Dustin complained. 
When Jory heard him, he was thrilled and offered, “All right, all right. I’ll get you something to compensate you for the time you have spent in the near future.” 
“No! I want you to get it for me tomorrow! Otherwise, return everything she has purchased to me!” Dustin named his condition because he couldn’t wait to figure out Jory’s next best course of action. 
Should Jory return the clothes to him, Nancy would be irked. On the other hand, should he refuse to return it, it would make him seem like a stingy man. 
“Alright, I’ll get you whatever you want tomorrow.” Jory hung up the call after he answered Dustin’s query. 
Meanwhile, Nancy, who had shut herself in her room, has no intention to go back downstairs. Neither does she have any intention of telling Jory that those clothes are the ones she brought for him. 
After some time, Nancy fell into a deep slumber because the pent-up fatigue had caught up to her. 
“Nancy, it’s time for dinner.” 
When Jory knocked on the door, no one answered him because she was in the middle of a sweet dream. 
Jory knocked on the door and instructed, “Nancy, it’s time to wake up. Hurry up and get yourself ready.” 
On top of that, he needed her to deal with the piled-up things in the living room because she had bought those.
Nancy, who was relatively haggard, opened her eyes after she was roused from her sleep. 
Yawning, she walked in the direction of the living room and said, “Jory, I have bought those for you.” 
I think she’s still half asleep. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have initiated a conversation with me. 
He felt a heartwarming sensation deep down when he figured out she had bought those for him. 
When he wrapped his arm around her from behind, Nancy returned to her senses and became wide awake. 
Jory placed his head on her shoulder and said, “Nancy, thanks!” 
“Why don’t you explain the things going on between you and Gabriella before expressing your gratitude?” Nancy deadpan said a rhetorical question in return. 
Jory was conscious the woman in between his arm was jealous. He had always wanted to explain the things going on between them, yet he was frustrated and refused to explain it because she had spent a night elsewhere. 
He carried on with the conversation, holding her face in an intimate manner. “Actually, nothing’s going on between us. I merely gave her a hand to help her up.” 
Halfway through his speech, he paused and added in an aggrieved front, “Can you promise to refrain from spending the night away from home? I searched everywhere for you when you weren’t home!” 
Nancy chuckled because of the man’s serious look. 
She finally got over her nightmare because they had patched things up and sorted out the misunderstanding.
After things returned to the way they were supposed to be, everyone moved on with their respective life. 
Larry and Joan were as lovey dovey as always. Occasionally, they would show the affection they had for one another through their social media accounts. Dustin would roll his eyes because he was the only single man amongst his peers.
###Chapter 1844
Chapter 1844 
Chapter 1844 You Are Unreliable 
Upon a simple glance at her phone, Joan noticed she had received a call from Larry. 
“Joan, can you head into the room and see if there’s a document on the table?” Larry asked. 
She rushed into the room without further ado and saw a document on the table. 
Joan asked, “Yes! Do you need me to bring it over to you?” 
“Yes! Please send it over as soon as possible!” Larry answered in a hurry. 
Hearing his reply, she dare not delay because the man seemed to be in a desperate need of the document. 
“Alright, I’m on my way!” Joan assured him once she made her way out. 
Unfortunately, she was caught in traffic when she was on her way there. 
Larry made another call and asked, “Hello? Joan? Where are you? Are you reaching yet? What’s your estimated time of arrival?” 
“Calm down, Larry. I’m caught in traffic.” 
“Hurry up! I need it for an important conference!” He hung up the call after he delivered his instruction. 
Perhaps he was in a hurry—he couldn’t be bothered to mind his choices of words at all. 
“Sir, please hurry up! I’m in the middle of something!” Joan requested in a quivering voice because she was afraid the board of directors would give Larry a hard time.
The driver answered, “Miss, I’m afraid that’s impossible because of the current situation.” 
They were caught in heavy congestion when it was just another weekday. In fact, it wasn’t even the peak hours of the day. 
Staring at her watch as time went by, Joan got increasingly anxious. 
As she was about to cry, she asked, “Sir, do you know any nearby shortcut? I’m really in a hurry!” 
The driver glanced at Joan with an innocent look and answered, “Miss, you need to stop yelling at me because there’s nothing I can do.” 
Soon, she received another call. 
Larry could barely suppress his frustration. He asked, “Joan, what on earth is wrong with you? It has been half an hour! Have you made your way over with a bike? Even if it’s a bike, you should have long reached! Where the heck are you?” 
“Larry, I’m still on my way! I’m just a few corners away! Please calm down and wait for me!” Joan explained. 
Suddenly, the driver announced, “Miss, I’m afraid it’s going to take at least another twenty minutes before we can get out of this heavily congested road.” 
She glared at the driver and wondered if he had deliberately announced it to irk her when it was evident she was in a hurry. 
“What? Twenty minutes? Joan, are you sure you’re not messing around with me? If you can’t reach here in time, just be frank and stop wasting my time! The shareholders are going to pick on me for being unreliable again! You don’t have to bring those over anymore! I should have dealt with it because you’re not reliable at all.” Larry hung up the call immediately after he finished his orated speech.
Joan was stupefied because Larry had never been so harsh with his words. 
She knew it must be an important conference. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been so harsh with his words and raised his volume against her. 
When the driver saw Joan’s disappointed look, he asked, “Miss, are we still heading over or not?” 
He asked in a hushed voice because he had heard the content of the duo’s conversation since Larry was at the top of his lungs. 
“Yes!” She looked out the window in an attempt to divert her attention from the harsh remarks. 
In the end, a single drop of tear streamed down her cheek. 
The driver tried to console the dejected woman. “Miss, are you okay? You shouldn’t take his words personally because he seemed to be in a hurry.” 
He started being a nice guy when he was the one behind the duo’s conflict a few minutes ago. 
Joan enunciated her reply, “I’m fine.” 
As the congested traffic finally cleared up, the driver added, “Miss, it’s perfectly fine for a man to be ambitious. In fact, you should consider yourself lucky because of his ambition. Otherwise, he couldn’t support the family. On top of that—”
###Chapter 1845
Chapter 1845 
Chapter 1845 A Bad Feeling About It 
“Sir, why don’t you focus on driving? I’m well aware of the things you have in mind,” Joan muttered her reply. 
“I consider myself an ambitious man as well. In fact, I—” 
“Hey, Sir! Hit the brakes!” Joan yelled because a truck was about to bump into them. 
Unfortunately, the driver failed to respond in time because he had his focus on something else. 
Bam! As a result, the car was sent flying. 
The driver ended up on the pole that was a few feet away, whereas Joan ended up in the river that was next to the bridge. Since it was a river with strong currents and a seemingly bottomless pit, the onlookers deemed it impossible for Joan to be alive. 
After the onlookers surrounded the scene, the police officers and the paramedics showed up at the scene. 
Meanwhile, the driver of the truck had disappeared into thin air. 
In the meantime, Larry was in the meeting room, sharing his tentative plan for the upcoming quarter with the shareholders. 
One of the shareholders said, “Mr. Norton, I think it’s better to put the plan on hold for the time being.” 
Someone added, “He’s right because we can’t pinpoint the strength of your proposal. Although we’re not against the idea of implementing changes, it’s different from the way things have worked over the
years. I’m afraid only a mere few can adapt accordingly if we implement such a drastic change over such a short time.” 
Larry glanced at the shareholders in the meeting room. He knew they wouldn’t take his proposal into consideration, let alone executing it. 
“Mr. Norton, don’t you think it’s too much of a risk?” 
Larry sneered because of the cunning bunch’s response. He announced, “Since everyone has a different opinion, let’s keep the rest of the discussion for another day.” 
He needed the document Joan had with her to prove himself. Unfortunately, he had left both copies at home. 
“Dustin? Why are you here?” Nancy asked the moment she saw him. 
Although she was on good terms with him, ever since he spent a night with Larry and started scamming him, she was constantly on her guard against this suspicious man. She couldn’t help but wonder if he had a different sexual orientation in spite of the fact he used to be head over heels with Joan. 
“What? Am I not allowed to be here?” Dustin glanced at her in return. 
He knew he wasn’t supposed to offend the wealthy heiress in front of him. Nonetheless, after the last two trips they had made together, their relationship had drastically improved. Thus, he stopped holding back his words. 
“Why don’t you head over and pay Larry a visit?” Nancy brought up the suggestion in an attempt to chase him away. 
Unfortunately, it would take something more than that to send him away.
“Why would I want to pay him a visit when I’m here for Mr. Synder?” Dustin wrapped his arm around Jory’s neck and announced while staring at Nancy in the eyes. 
“Dustin, stop being such a shameless man! I’ll get Joan over to teach you a lesson!” Immediately after she warned him, she reached for her phone and made a call. 
She frowned because no one picked up the call in spite of the numerous attempts made. 
Usually, Joan would pick up the phone within a few seconds after the call was made. However, it had already been a few minutes since Nancy’s first attempt to reach her, yet no one picked up the call. 
Nancy had a bad feeling about it, but she couldn’t be sure if it was just her gut feeling messing with her brain. 
After a short while, she asked, “Hey, why isn’t Joan picking up the phone? She might be in the middle of something, but it has been such a long time since my last attempt to reach her. Why hasn’t she returned the call?” 
Previously, Joan would revert back to Nancy’s call as soon as possible should she notice she had missed a few incoming calls. 
Dustin reprimanded, “Nancy, what sort of nonsense are you talking about? You need to stop overthinking things.” 
She shook her head in an attempt to get a grip on herself because nothing could possibly go wrong since she had Larry with her. 
Mmm! I must be overthinking things again!
When Jory opened the television, the news anchor announced, “A serious accident has occurred at the construction site of the bridge. The driver of the cab was rushed to the hospital, yet the passenger was nowhere to be found. On the other hand, the driver behind the accident had fled the scene. According to the police, the passenger was a female, her current identity unknown.”
###Chapter 1846
Chapter 1846 
Chapter 1846 Where Is She 
Dustin exclaimed, “Oh, God! It’s such a serious accident!” 
“The driver had fled the scene, and it occurred at the construction site of the bridge? It feels like something fishy is going on behind the seemingly coincidental accident,” Jory added. 
Nancy had no idea what was wrong with her—her eyes started brimming with tears as she listened to the news. 
“Nancy, what’s wrong with you? Why are you weeping when the accident has nothing to do with you?” Dustin tried to pull the woman’s leg once again. 
She couldn’t comprehend the rationale behind her seemingly absurd response either. All along, she deemed those involved the ones at fault. Whenever she came across such news in the past, she would consider it just another one of the news. She thought it was karma because no one would be run over by a truck for no apparent reason. The accidents were nothing more than the consequences of their own actions. 
In contrast, she stopped having such irresponsible thoughts when she heard the particular news—she found the victim pitiable for passing on at such a young age. 
Nancy sniffled and said, “Don’t you guys find the victim pitiable? She’s so young, yet she ends up in such a serious accident. They can’t even locate her.” 
Indeed, no one could make it through such a serious accident unscathed.
Jory wrapped his arms around the woman’s waist and consoled, “It’s fine as long as we’re fine. You need to stop overthinking things, okay?” 
Meanwhile, Larry, who had returned home, noticed Joan was nowhere to be seen. 
When he got overly worked up and said she wouldn’t have to bring the document over anymore, it was an instruction to get her to return home. 
Similarly, Joan was conscious of the meaning behind the infuriated man’s double innuendo, yet she insisted on bringing the document over. 
“Joan?” Larry was at the top of his lungs, yet he failed to acquire any response. 
He repeated himself for one more time, “Joan?” 
Since he failed to acquire any response, he reached for his phone and made a call, yet his effort was to no avail. 
Where could she be? Larry’s face puckered in confusion because he had a bad feeling about it. 
It felt as though something serious was about to occur soon, but he couldn’t be sure if it was a mere feeling. 
Larry tried to reach Joan through the phone over and over again, yet no one picked up the call. 
Anxious, he called Dustin and asked, “Is Joan with you?” 
Dustin answered Larry’s query, “Huh? No? It has been a day since our last encounter.” 
Yelling, he asked, “Are you sure you’re not lying? Tell me the truth, Dustin!”
On the other end of the call, Dustin was utterly dumbfounded because Larry had gotten worked up out of the blue. 
Dustin asked in return, “No! I have never seen her! Why? What’s wrong?” 
Judging by Larry’s question and anxious tone, Dustin knew something was wrong and thought Joan had gone missing again. 
“Larry, have you gotten into another fight with Joan? Can’t you tolerate her as a fellow man?” 
“Shut up and get going to locate her already!” Larry wrapped up their conversation and hung up the call. 
Dustin was dumbfounded by Larry’s yelling. 
Has something happened to Joan? ”What’s wrong?” Jory asked. 
“Joan has gone missing,” Dustin gasped out his reply with his eyes glinting. 
“Has she headed somewhere else without informing us?” Jory asked. 
Is that possible? It’s perfectly fine for her to keep us in the dark, but it’s odd for Larry to be unaware of his agenda! 
“Larry can’t get his hands on her whereabouts either,” Dustin added. 
Nancy jolted up from her seat and yelled, “See! I knew something was wrong! Hurry up and dispatch our men to locate her!” 
As a result, everyone went berserk and started searching high and low for the missing Joan.
“Hey, Larry! Do you remember the time of your last conversation with Joan?” Dustin asked. 
That might serve as a clue for them to get their hands on Joan’s whereabouts. 
Larry shared everything with Dustin. “I asked her to bring my document to my office because I needed it for something urgent. In anticipation of her arrival, I was on pins and needles and made a few calls. She told me she was caught in heavily congested traffic…”
###Chapter 1847
Chapter 1847 
Chapter 1847 I Need Your Help 
“It has been such a long time! Where could she be?” Jory looked at Dustin in the eyes with a serious expression. 
Nancy broke the silence, asking in a quivering voice, “Jory, could something bad happen to Joan?” 
He asserted, “Joan has always been a kindhearted woman. I’m sure she’s fine.” 
All of a sudden, Dustin yelled, “Larry, you’re such a jerk! What the heck is wrong with you? How could you take things out on her when it was your fault for leaving the document behind?” 
When everyone heard the conversation, they figured out the timeline of the entire incident. 
With that being said, they knew it would take more than such a trivial thing to get Joan to run away from home. She had always been an understanding woman. On top of that, Larry was the man she loved wholeheartedly. As he had always been an ambitious man, she would understand he was merely overwhelmed by emotions. 
Jory reminded the frustrated man, “Dustin, it’s not time for us to blame one another. We need to get our hands on Joan’s whereabouts as soon as possible.” 
Meanwhile, Nancy was taken aback because it was the first time Dustin lost his cool in front of her. She was surprised to find out the man she had always considered a gentleman could morph into such an intimidating figure. 
Dustin screamed, “Stop standing around and get going already!”
When they were about to leave, a police officer approached them and asked, “Hello, are you guys acquainted with Ms. Watts?” 
The bunch simultaneously answered, “Yes!” 
The police officer carried on in a hushed voice, “She was involved in a major accident when she was in a cab. Up until now, we still couldn’t locate her.” 
Suddenly, Larry’s mind went completely blank as fear took him by surprise. 
No! It can’t be! How could Joan be involved in an accident when she was merely on her way to deliver the document? He took a few steps back and supported himself against the wall to prevent himself from collapsing. 
“Sir, are you sure you have the right person? It couldn’t be Joan. She’s still—” Dustin couldn’t finish his sentence because his voice started quivering unwittingly. 
“I’m here to verify if she’s the victim because the passenger goes by the name of Joan. I need your help because I can’t be certain if we’re talking about the same person.” 
“Here’s the photo of the victim.” 
When the police officer handed over a photo to Dustin, Larry looked elsewhere because he dared not look at the photo. 
The moment Dustin took over the photo, he was petrified because they had been talking about the same woman all along. 
“Where is she? Have you guys found her? Please bring us to her at once!” Dustin begged. Judging by his response, the rest of the party knew the one involved in the accident was none other than the Joan they knew.
Suddenly, Larry sprinted out while yelling, “J-Joan! Joan!” 
“Jory, please go after Larry and stop him from trying anything silly!” Nancy begged Jory to do her a favor because she was afraid Larry couldn’t handle the truth. 
Jory went after Larry and yelled, “Larry, we’ll head over to the scene together.” 
Immediately, Larry brought himself to a halt and looked at the police officer, hoping it wouldn’t be as bad as he thought. 
The police officer replied, “Alright, I’ll bring you over, but please refrain from damaging the scene.” 
The police officer was aware the party might have a hard time embracing the truth. Thus, he offered to drive them to the scene. 
After the police officer pulled over in front of a severely ruined guardrail, he announced, “We have reached the scene of the accident.” 
When they saw the puddle of blood that was nearby, the police officer explained, “That belongs to the driver. As for Joan, she’s nowhere to be seen, but there’s a huge probability she has ended up in the river. According to the gathered data, no one has ever made it out unscathed.” 
Staring at the strong current of the bottomless pit, Nancy was overwhelmed by a retching urge. 
Not even a veteran swimmer could swim his way back to the shore under such circumstances, let alone Joan who couldn’t swim.
###Chapter 1848
Chapter 1848 
Chapter 1848 She Will Return To Us 
“Arghh!” Suddenly, Larry got down on his knees and started wailing hysterically, “Joan, where are you?” 
Dustin rushed over and threw a punch at Larry in the face. 
“It’s all because of you, Larry! If it weren’t because of you and your document, she wouldn’t have to make the trip! You have brought upon her demise!” He yelled and threw another few punches at him to vent his anger. 
Larry, who was down on his knees, couldn’t be bothered at all. He allowed Dustin to punch him in the face without defending himself. 
“Dustin, calm down! No one wants any of this!” Jory rushed over and held Dustin in between his arms to stop his friend from going berserk. 
“What kind of a joke is this? He’s the almighty Larry! As Joan’s man, he’s supposed to take good care of her, yet he has taken things out on her! Joan is dead because of him!” Dustin tried to kick Larry who was on the ground. 
Nancy sprinted over to Larry’s side and tried to help the dejected man up. However, he refused to bring himself up and insisted on kneeling. 
Sniffling, Nancy urged, “Larry, stop behaving as such when we have yet to find Joan! You can’t give up just yet! What if she’s really fine? Pull yourself together and start searching for her already!” 
Holding Nancy’s arms, Larry asked with his eyes flickering in fear, “Nancy, can you please be frank with me? Do you think Joan is dead as well?”
Nancy asserted with a determined look, “No! She’s going to be just fine since she has always been such a kindhearted woman! I’m sure she’ll return to us!” 
“If that’s the case, why are you crying? Joan is fine! She will be fine and return to us! Soon, we’ll start a family together!” Larry buried his face in his hands and muttered to himself. 
Pointing at Larry in the face, Dustin warned the dejected man, “Family? To hell you go! Stop behaving like you’re the victim when she’s not around! Larry, you better pray Joan is safe and sound! Otherwise, I won’t forgive you!” 
Jory wasn’t about to give up just yet. He asked, “Sir, have you guys searched the river?” 
“We had dispatched a search and rescue team, yet luck wasn’t on our side. With that being said, we’re going to continue with the search and rescue mission tomorrow.” 
Larry, who started groveling himself at the mercy of God, clasped his fingers together and prayed while Dustin surveyed the surroundings in an attempt to get his hands on the things that could lead them to her. 
Suddenly, Larry opened his eyes because he knew it was about time for him to stop sulking and start getting to the bottom of the accident. 
He brought himself up all of a sudden and asked, “Sir, where’s the driver behind the accident?” 
“The driver had fled the scene immediately after the accident. However, we’re currently on a mission to track him down and take him into custody.” 
Does that mean this is a part of a bigger plan? 
“Is this a mere accident?” Larry queried with his brows furrowed in confusion because he deemed it more than just an accident when he heard the police officer’s reply.
“According to the evidence we have gathered, it’s safe to assume everything has been plotted beforehand.” 
Apart from Larry, that took the rest of the party by surprise because they couldn’t recall Joan offending anyone before. 
… 
A mysterious man announced in a callous tone, “Hello? Everything’s done.” 
A woman in a deadpan tone replied, “Alright, I’ll transfer the balance to your account immediately.” 
Joan, you should have seen this coming! Please don’t blame me for bringing your demise upon you! 
Gabriella’s eyes gleamed in excitement because she was the mastermind behind Joan’s demise. 
Larry’s eyes started brimming with tears as he stared at the starry sky because he recalled the myth of a person’s loved one morphing into the brightest star after deceased. 
He raised his head in an attempt to stop the torrents of grief from streaming down his cheeks because Joan might still be alive. 
Larry tried to convince himself Joan might still be alive. Perhaps she had merely disappeared for the time being. 
Suddenly, Caspian took a seat by his side and greeted, “Larry.” 
Larry resisted the prickling sensation behind his eyes and denoted, “Caspian, you know what? Joan once told me she would morph into the brightest start to keep an eye on me through the rest of my life should she leave the world ahead of me.”
###Chapter 1849
Chapter 1849 
Chapter 1849 A Challenging Situation 
Caspian looked up, yet he couldn’t see anything shining stars at all. 
Larry explained, “See? There isn’t any particularly bright star! Perhaps Joan isn’t dead yet.” 
Aware of the things his friend had to go through, Caspian knew it might be one of Larry’s attempts to deceive himself. 
After all, it was a bottomless pit with such a strong current. The chances of Joan making her way out of it unscathed were close to none. 
Since Joan was the only woman Larry had in mind, her sudden disappearance was a fatal blow capable of turning his life upside down. As a man of few words, Caspian was at a loss for better words to console the dejected man. He was merely there to prevent him from trying anything silly. 
He tapped on his friend’s shoulder and urged, “Larry, since the police officers are still working on it, you need to stop overthinking things until the results state otherwise.” 
When Larry received a call, he picked it up without looking at the screen. 
Dustin yelled at him the moment the call got through, “Larry, you’re a jerk who has brought upon Joan’s demise! If it weren’t because of you, others wouldn’t have picked on her! Most importantly, she wouldn’t have been involved in the accident!” 
Although his relationship with Larry had improved over time, Dustin was frustrated for real because Joan had always been the one he had in mind.
Occasionally, he would pretend to be a goofy man to please the woman. To be precise, she had always been the sole reason behind his goofiness. 
Lowering his gaze, Larry stuttered, “D-Dustin, it’s my fault for not protecting her and taking good care of her! I have failed her!” 
Caspian had never seen such an emotional Larry before. Perhaps Joan was the only weakness of his. 
Actually, Larry thought of searching for Joan as well. However, when he saw the strong current, his heart sank to the bottom of his stomach. He was conscious no one who had drowned could possibly make it out alive, yet he refused to accept the truth just yet. 
As a result, he spent the entire night in the courtyard, having his eyes glued to the sky until dawn break. 
“Larry!” 
When Caspian nudged the man next to him, he returned to his senses and rushed into the washroom to wash his face before rushing out. 
… 
Larry grasped the police officer’s arm and begged, “Sir, you have to find her!” 
The police officer tapped on the dejected man’s shoulder. “We’re trying our best as we speak. You don’t have to worry.” 
Truth be told, the police officer couldn’t do much. He was equally helpless as well. 
When Dustin rushed over, he queried, “How’s everything going? Have you found her?”
“You need to stay calm because the police officers have just commenced their operation,” Nancy answered on the police officer’s behalf. 
Dustin, who was on the verge of losing his mind, growled, “Please do your best to find her!” 
Soon, the police officers got themselves ready and jumped into the river with a strong current. 
The yacht and the boat, that were involved in the search and rescue mission, wouldn’t stop swaying due to the strong current. 
It had been a long time, yet there wasn’t any positive feedback from the search and rescue team. 
Staring at the police in the river, Larry’s mind was all over the place. For the first time in his life, he felt as though he was about to pass out due to suffocation. 
Out of the blue, a police officer in the river yelled, “We found something!” 
If Jory hadn’t got in Dustin’s way, he would have rushed over to the police officer because he couldn’t contain his emotions anymore. 
“Dustin, calm down! How are you supposed to reach her?” Jory yelled at his friend to snap him out of confusion. 
Larry yelled and inquired, “Have you guys found Joan?” 
“No! We couldn’t find her, but we found a shoe!” 
After a few minutes, they returned and showed Larry the retrieved shoe. 
“Mr. Norton, can you verify if this belongs to Ms. Watts?”
When Larry heard the police officer’s question, he went dead silent because it belonged to the woman he loved wholeheartedly. 
That was none other than Joan’s shoes. 
When everyone fell silent, Nancy yelled, “Yes! It’s Joan’s shoe! We bought this together!” 
“No!” Larry started wailing hysterically because he could no longer deny the fact Joan had drowned. 
Since they had retrieved the shoes, there was a huge probability Joan had passed on.
###Chapter 1850
Chapter 1850 
Chapter 1850 Brace Yourself For The Harsh Truth 
“Sir, can you please head out and bring her back to us?” Jory muttered his request. 
Dustin yelled at his friend, “What are you talking about, Jory? Joan isn’t dead!” 
None of them could embrace the fact the stubborn woman they had known was dead. 
“Joan can’t be dead! She’s a strong woman! I’m sure she’s going to make it through by hook or by crook!” 
Dustin insisted Joan was still alive. 
Jory rebuked, “Dustin, you’re a man. No matter what happens, please stop lying to yourself because there’s no use trying to run away from the truth. I’m sure Joan doesn’t want you to live a life full of despair.” 
Dustin fell into silence because the affection he had for Joan had always been his one and only soft spot. 
The police officer asked in a serious tone, “Mr. Norton, are you sure this belongs to Ms. Watts?” 
Larry stuttered his reply with his eyes glued to the shoe, “Y-Yes, it belongs to her.” 
He was afraid of embracing the cruel and harsh truth awaiting him. 
“Mr. Norton, I believe you’re well aware that it’s impossible for someone to make it out of the river alive. Perhaps it’s time to carry on with the next agenda and bid farewell to Ms. Watts.”
Larry rebuked and insisted, “No! She’s not dead! I can’t see the brightest star even after staring at the sky throughout the entire night!” 
The police officer stared at him with his brows arched in confusion. He couldn’t comprehend Larry’s words and thought the man had lost his mind after losing his beloved woman. 
“Mr. Norton, don’t you think it’s about time for you to return home and take a break?” 
The wrathful Larry yelled, “Nonsense! How am I supposed to leave when she needs me? Continue searching for her until she’s found!” 
In spite of the police officers spending another few hours searching for Joan in the river, she was nowhere to be seen. 
Larry was left with Joan’s bag and shoe in front of him. 
Nancy couldn’t stop herself from weeping because she refused to believe the kindhearted and strong Joan would disappear overnight. 
In the meantime, Gabriella had the best time of her life in a restaurant, enjoying the steak she had ordered after achieving her goal. 
Pleased, Gabriella’s lips curved upwards because she knew Joan couldn’t possibly make it out alive. 
Therefore, it was only a matter of time before Larry would return to her. 
It had always been part of her goal to get rid of Joan once and for all. Hence, nothing could bring joy to her more than the news of Joan being dead and missing. 
Out of nowhere, Larry showed up in front of her with an intimidating presence and yelled, “Gabriella!” 
She had long gotten herself ready for any potential confrontation that might be in store for her.
“Larry, why are you here? Do you want to join me for a meal?” Gabriella asked in a pretentious manner. 
Glaring at the woman in front of him, Larry could barely suppress the urge to kill her. 
“Gabriella, it’s you, isn’t it? You’re the mastermind behind the accident!” he repeated himself in a stern manner. 
Well, I guess I shouldn’t be surprised by the fact he could get to me that soon. After all, he has always been the capable and almighty Larry I know. 
Smirking, Gabriella’s eyes gleamed because the man in front of her would soon become hers. 
Gabriella put on an innocent front and rebuked, “Larry, what are you talking about? What sort of accident is it? I have not done anything!” 
Larry sneered because he knew Gabriella better than others—she would destroy the things she couldn’t get her hands on to prevent others from owning them. In other words, she had been picking on Joan and trying to bring upon her demise for the same reason. 
Gritting his teeth, Larry asked, “Don’t you even have the guts to admit the things you have done when Joan is no longer around?” 
Gabriella couldn’t take it anymore because Larry had rarely lost his cool in front of others. Ironically, he had gotten overly worked up countless times because of Joan. 
She continued playing the role of an innocent woman and asked, “Larry, what’s going on? Why are you infuriated?” 
Larry took a deep breath because he was conscious she was never an easy target—it would be challenging to get her to admit the things she had done.
###Chapter 1851
Chapter 1851 
Chapter 1851 Retribution 
“Gabriella, if you still consider yourself human, you should go and visit Joan. You used to be best friends. How can you be so heartless?” Larry looked at the woman in front of him with a stern expression. 
Gabriella sneered at his words. 
She never once regarded Joan as her best friend. All that time they spent in college as best friends were nothing but a facade. 
I’m Gabriella Ward. How could I possibly befriend someone like Joan? She was the one who was stupid enough to be deceived over and over again. 
But of course, how could Joan not notice anything before? It was just that she had constantly been in denial. Thus, even though Gabriella treated her badly all of a sudden, she didn’t think much about it. 
“Larry, what’s wrong with Joan? Where should I visit her?” Gabriella feigned cluelessness. 
“Gabriella, you’re still pretending at a time like this? What? Do you get off on acting? I’m telling you. The day when the truth comes to light, I hope you’ll start living an honest life!” Larry growled. 
He had already guessed the outcome before coming here. 
Gabriella would never easily admit that she was behind this or the fact that she had hired someone to do it.
“A person’s life is at stake, Gabriella. Retribution will come knocking on your door in due time!” Larry spun around and stormed away. 
Despite that, she didn’t regret her actions. For Larry, she was willing to suffer through any retribution, including losing her life. She just couldn’t accept reality. What did Joan do to deserve Larry’s love? What does she have that I don’t? 
Gabriella’s eyes dulled as she watched Larry’s retreating figure. 
She didn’t wish for much; only to be able to sit down and have a decent meal with that man. However, this seemed to have become a dream that would never come true. 
Once upon a time, she and Larry had done almost everything together. But ever since Joan appeared, all of this changed. She felt like she was taken for granted, whereas Joan had become the center of his life. This was what Gabriella couldn’t accept the most. 
People said that kind women would always be favored by God, just like how a man would never push away an innocent and cute girl. 
… 
Joan slowly opened her eyes on the bed. 
“Miss, you’re awake?” an old woman asked in a soft voice. 
“Mm…” Joan’s mind suddenly registered the splitting headache she was having. 
She immediately reached up to massage her temples, opening her eyes wide to study her surroundings. 
“Where am I?” she asked in a weary voice.
“This is my house, Miss. You’ve been out for three days. Come, drink some water.” The old woman quickly handed Joan a cup of water. 
“Thank you.” Joan guzzled down the water as though she had been walking in the desert for months. 
“W-What’s wrong with my legs?” After quenching her thirst, she looked at her legs in horror only to realize that she couldn’t move them at all. 
“Miss, there’s nothing wrong with your legs. I was just afraid that you’d hurt them when you turned in bed, so I fixed them in place,” the woman explained with a small smile. 
Thank God I wasn’t kidnapped. Joan breathed a sigh of relief. 
“My child, what is your name?” the woman asked since Joan had finally woken up. 
Suddenly, Joan was stunned because she found that her mind drew a complete blank. 
She couldn’t remember her own name. 
Seeing the embarrassed and confused look on the girl’s face, the woman came to a sudden realization. 
“Have you forgotten your name?” 
Yes, I can’t remember anything, including where I’m from, what I do for a living, whether or not I’m married… 
Joan nodded gingerly at the woman and confirmed that she couldn’t remember a thing. 
The woman surveyed Joan, then shook her head and sighed regretfully. 
This poor girl. She can’t even remember her name.
Her family must be worried sick.
###Chapter 1852
Chapter 1852 
Chapter 1852 Selena Young 
The woman’s eyes dimmed. 
“Come, girl. Let’s not think about that for now. You must be hungry. I’ll cook something for you.” The woman immediately went into the kitchen. 
Joan scanned her surroundings again before getting down from the bed. 
She didn’t know where this was or why she was here. 
But for some reason, when she was in a coma, she seemed to have heard a voice. And that voice sounded very familiar. 
Could that voice belong to this old woman? 
Joan shook her head, dismissing this idea as soon as it came. 
No. It was a man’s voice. 
“Come now, girl. Have a bowl of lentil soup.” The woman placed a bowl in front of her. 
When the aroma wafted into Joan’s nostrils, she unhesitatingly picked up the spoon next to it and dug in. 
The woman felt a pang in her heart when she saw the young lady wolfing down the food. 
But at the same time, she admired her as well. It’s truly a miracle that she survived after falling off a bridge into a river.
Perhaps God wasn’t ready to claim her life. 
This place was a small village in the mountains. It wasn’t far from the city Larry was in, but very few people from the city visited this village. 
The old woman went by the name Delilah Young, but everyone in the village liked to call her Ms. Young. She used to be a noble lady, but was framed and forced to stay in this small village. 
Later on, she ended up staying because she was discontented by the outside world’s troubles, and also reluctant to part with these simple and loyal villagers. She never married, but took in a child named Lucius. 
“Lucius, pour this lady a glass of water. She’s injured and has difficulty moving around,” Delilah said softly, caressing the boy’s hair. 
“Granny, would you like some water too? I’ll pour another glass for you.” Lucius cocked his head innocently. 
The boy’s kind and sweet behavior made Delilah smile with content. 
Lucius was also dealt a bad card in life. Back then, his parents abandoned him by a river in the village, and it was Delilah who took him in as her own. 
“Here’s your water, ma’am.” Lucius carefully extended the glass toward Joan. 
After lying in bed for so long, there were times when Joan thought she wouldn’t be able to rise again, but she refused to succumb to fate. Inexplicably, she felt some sort of power calling to her. 
“Thank you, Lucius.” Joan gently pinched the boy’s cheek.
Joan was very fond of this boy. There were a few times when she wanted to accept him as her godson, but she wasn’t fully recovered yet. Not to mention, she had lost all her memories. Hence, she didn’t have the courage to bring this matter up to Delilah. 
As the days flew by, Joan’s situation gradually improved. 
However, her name still remained a mystery to her. Hence, she was no longer Joan Watts, but instead, took Delilah’s surname and went by Selena Young. 
“How are you feeling, Selena?” Delilah looked worriedly at the woman in front of her. 
“All is well, Ms. Young. Look, I’m completely fine.” Selena spun on the spot several times. 
Seeing Selena recover so quickly, a joyful smile tugged at Delilah’s lips. 
After recuperating at home for so long, Selena felt that it was time to look for a job. Ms. Young must’ve spent a lot of money to take care of my daily needs all this time. 
“Ms. Young, I want to look for a job,” Selena blurted out, staring at Delilah with an earnest expression. 
The older woman wasn’t all that surprised by Selena’s statement. 
“Alright. I’ll keep an eye out for any job openings, but where do you want to work? Here or somewhere else? There’s a bustling city not far from our village which would, of course, have more job opportunities, but I suggest that you stay here for the time being. After all, you’ve only just recovered,” Delilah proposed. 
She was right. That bustling city was a foreign place to her, even more so with her memories gone. Even surviving would be a problem there, so it was better to familiarize herself by working here first. 
“Alright.”
The two of them came to an agreement. Soon, Selena got a job as a cashier in a supermarket.
###Chapter 1853
Chapter 1853 
Chapter 1853 Rotten Apple 
“Mom!” Lucius yelled across the distance. 
Looking up, Selena saw Delilah and Lucius standing by the entrance of the supermarket. 
“Hey, you’re both here,” Selena yelled back excitedly. 
Before, Selena wanted to take Lucius as her godson. In the beginning, he had also called her his godmother, but later on, they realized that he didn’t have a biological mother anyway. Hence, he switched to calling her “mom” instead. 
Delilah was initially worried that it would affect Selena’s future, especially her marriage. However, Selena didn’t seem to mind at all. 
“Whoa, Selena. You already have a son at such a young age?” A newly appointed supervisor, Freya Brooks, gave her the side-eye and deliberately passed a remark. 
Freya had disliked Selena since the first day she started working here. It wasn’t because Selena had offended her, but because she was jealous of the latter for being too outstanding. 
“Yes. This is my son.” Selena smiled awkwardly. 
“Then what does your husband do for a living?” probed Freya. 
Why have I never heard about Selena being married? 
“Uhm, I’m not married.” Selena maintained the smile on her face.
As though she had just received great news, Freya strutted away with a gleeful smile. 
“Mom, who was that? Did she bully you?” Lucius stared after the other woman with a solemn expression. 
“No. I’m fine. How was school today, Lucius? Were you a good boy?” Selena gently caressed the boy’s head. 
That day was Lucius’ first day in school. Because of work, Selena couldn’t send him to school. 
“It was great, Mom. Don’t worry. I’m your son, after all!” Lucius patted his chest in a manly way. 
“Hey, have you heard? It turns out that Selena has a son! It’s true. And she’s not even married yet. My God, how can there be such a woman working in our supermarket? She has no self-respect whatsoever. What an embarrassment…” 
Freya scorned her in front of the other department leaders, making sure to add in some exaggerated comments. 
Village folks were relatively more conservative and traditional-minded. Hence, they took a woman’s chastity and marriage very seriously. 
Rumors and gossip would undoubtedly circulate the village when they heard that Selena was unmarried, yet had a child. However, when everyone found out that the child was Lucius, they were humbled by Selena’s courage. 
“Ahh, Lucius is Selena’s godson,” one of the department leaders clarified. 
Freya was dumbfounded for a good few seconds. 
Wait. But I clearly heard that boy calling her “Mom”!
Lucius used to call Selena “Aunt Selena”, but he had never once met his birth mother before, so Selena told him to call just her “Mom” instead. Another leader explained this to Freya. 
Seeing the two department leaders speaking on behalf of Selena, Freya suddenly felt rather humiliated. 
It seems like the department leaders hold that woman in high regard! 
A cold light flashed across Freya’s eyes. 
But why? She’s just a worthless cashier. What did she do to deserve everyone’s respect and affection? 
Freya emanated a bitingly cold aura. 
Regardless of the era and location, the most outstanding woman would always evoke the jealousy of others. This was the truth that could never be altered. Even in a village where folks led simple lives, there would always be a rotten apple that spoiled the whole barrel. 
Selena Young, just how pretentious are you that you managed to fool an entire village full of people! I’ll definitely force you to show your true colors! 
Freya balled her fists together in anger. 
At home, Selena bent over slightly with a pained expression. “Mom, what’s wrong? Are you tired?” Seeing her having trouble walking, Lucius quickly went over to support her. 
Selena wondered why she was suddenly ordered to unload the goods in the supermarket that day, seeing as it wasn’t within her job scope at all. 
“It’s okay. I’ll be fine after I rest for a while.” Selena stroked the boy’s hair. 
“What’s wrong?” Delilah hurried over to ask.
###Chapter 1854
Chapter 1854 
Chapter 1854 A Ray Of Hope 
“Nothing, Ms. Young. I just accidentally twisted my waist a little bit. All I need is a short rest.” 
Delilah’s eyes filled with wariness and suspicion. 
She’s just a cashier. How did she end up twisting her waist? 
“Alright, we’ll leave it at that for now. Go rest for a bit first while I cook.” With that, Delilah went into the kitchen. 
After checking that Selena was happily chatting away with Lucius, Delilah swiftly took out her phone. 
“What happened? Why is Selena injured?” There was a hint of displeasure in Delilah’s tone. 
“Don’t worry, Ms. Young. I really had no idea about Selena’s injury. Tell you what, I’ll head over tomorrow to check things out and give you a proper explanation,” the supermarket manager hurriedly reassured. 
Although Delilah wasn’t a local, her talent and capabilities were recognized by everyone, and she was a highly revered person in the village. 
Back at the office in Norton Corporation, Larry gazed at the photo on his desk with a wistful and affectionate gleam in his eyes. 
He still refused to believe the news of Joan’s death and kept deluding himself into thinking that she had merely gone for a vacation; that she would definitely come back. 
Knock, knock, knock!
Someone had been knocking on his office door for a long time, but Larry didn’t seem to hear it. 
Finally, the person outside couldn’t take it anymore, entering the office without waiting for permission. 
“Larry!” Caspian called out in a slightly exasperated voice. 
“What’s wrong?” Larry squinted his eyes slightly at the man before him. 
He hadn’t slept well in a long time because every time he closed his eyes, Joan’s face would plague his mind. 
“Larry, the shareholders are going to hold a shareholders’ meeting.” Caspian looked at Larry solemnly. 
“Who said that?” Larry’s head snapped up. 
Finally some reaction from him. 
Caspian let out a relieved sigh. He was afraid that the news about Joan’s death would cause him to spiral into despair and he would stop caring about company matters altogether. 
“It was the shareholders who proposed this. They said that you should take a break from managing the company because of what happened to Joan,” Caspian replied seriously. 
Seeing Larry’s lack of reaction, he raised his voice. “Larry, Joan is gone and she wouldn’t want to see you become a shell of your former self!” 
He was really afraid that Larry would lose his position in the company. 
Caspian’s words offered Larry a ray of hope. 
That’s right. I have to pull myself together and become stronger so that when Joan returns, I’ll be able to keep her safe.
“Alright, I understand. I’ll go,” Larry answered in a firm voice. 
The company employees had already heard about what happened to Larry and Joan. Naturally, they felt sad and sympathetic toward their president. 
“Hey, it’s been so long already. Hasn’t Mr. Norton moved on from what happened? I heard that there’s going to be a shareholders’ meeting this afternoon.” A female employee whispered in the ear of her female colleague. 
“It looks like he still hasn’t. Just look at him. He comes to work every day with dark circles under his eyes. It’s clear that he’s not in a good frame of mind. Every day when he comes to the company, he heads directly to his office without even interacting with us. I hope that he can get well soon.” The female colleague shook her head and sighed softly. 
Bang! Right then, Larry emerged from the office with a frosty expression. 
The shareholders’ meeting was going to be yet another bloodless battle. These shareholders really don’t have anything better to do every day, and are always thinking of ways to kick me out of the company. 
Larry sneered at the thought of that. 
“Are all the materials ready?” he asked in a monotonous voice. 
“Yes. I’ve placed them on your desk,” his assistant immediately replied. 
This was the first time Larry looked so spirited since Joan’s passing. 
Hence, a faint smile appeared on his assistant’s lips. 
The Larry from before is finally back.
Soon, the shareholders were seated in the meeting room with similarly grim looks on their faces, filling the atmosphere with awkward tension.
###Chapter 1855
Chapter 1855 
Chapter 1855 Dismissal 
Bang! 
Larry slammed the door open and took his seat at the head of the table. 
As one, the shareholders straightened in their seats and trained their gazes on Larry. 
“You’re all here.” Larry cast each other shareholders a flinty stare. 
“Mr. Norton, the company doesn’t seem to be doing very well lately,” an elderly shareholder spat out viciously, waiting for Larry to make a fool out of himself. 
“That’s right, Mr. Norton. We haven’t even received the proposal you mentioned to us previously,” another shareholder said bluntly. 
“This is a large company with hundreds of employees to feed. It’s not right to delay the company’s development because of your personal matters, is it?” 
“I agree…” 
The shareholders erupted into a heated discussion. 
Larry already expected this, so of course, he came fully prepared. 
“The proposal I mentioned before was rejected by every one of you in this room, but I’m sure all of you know, the companies that are implementing that model are developing very well. As for why you haven’t seen the proposal, isn’t it a little too late to be asking that? All of you turned it down right from the beginning, so naturally, I wouldn’t act on my own,” Larry deliberately emphasized.
There was no way he would take the blame for this. 
His goal was to let these shareholders know how stupid they were. 
“Mr. Norton, let’s not discuss this for the time being. Right now, the main issue at the company is that the leaders are unable to lead or inspire the employees to work hard…” a shareholder said righteously. 
Leaders? This is obviously meant for me alone. A sneer formed on Larry’s lips. 
It was beyond a doubt that Larry was heartbroken over what happened to Joan, but he never once rested on his laurels when it came to managing the company. 
He often burned the midnight oil to read documents, then woke up early to check for flaws in the company’s development. 
But no one knew about all these things he did behind the scenes. 
“Distribute the documents.” Larry glanced at his assistant. 
“Yes, sir.” The assistant immediately handed out the documents to the shareholders around the table. 
The shareholders looked at Larry suspiciously, wondering what the man was up to this time. But all of them had agreed in advance that regardless of what trick he had up his sleeve, he would be dismissed from his position on that day itself. 
“Mr. Norton, what is this? Just cut to the chase.” The elderly shareholder tossed away the document in his hand. 
“This is a proposal about our collaboration with a well-known company in A Nation, W Enterprise. I just closed the deal with them yesterday…” Larry explained. 
All of the shareholders’ eyes had gone wide with shock.
They knew that W Enterprise was one of the top ten companies in the world. A collaboration with them could bring Norton Corporation’s future development to greater heights. 
In an instant, the air in the room stilled. 
Following that was the sound of them flipping through the documents. 
“W Enterprise has extremely strict requirements when it comes to their partner companies, so I hope that all the shareholders present will work together to propel Norton Corporation into the future…” 
None of the shareholders expected Larry to actually strike up a partnership with W Enterprise. Right then, his dismissal could only be pushed back. Evidently, they cared more about their own profits. 
Everyone knew that collaboration with W Enterprise would guarantee Norton Corporation a promising future. 
… 
Dustin’s phone rang with an incoming call. Glancing at the screen, he saw that it was Jory. 
“What is it?” Dustin asked whilst looking at his tablet. 
“I’m getting married,” Jory answered in a low voice. 
Dustin froze for a moment before returning to normal. 
They’re finally sealing the deal after going through so much. A smile tugged on Dustin’s lips. 
“Dustin, you’ve been away for so long already. Now that I’m getting married, you should come back and be my best man,” Jory said cautiously.
Dustin bowed his head in hesitation. 
Ever since the authorities confirmed that Joan had plunged into the river during the car accident, Dustin had left the country. He just couldn’t bring himself to accept the news about Joan’s death. Thus, he simply left that city which seemed to remind him of his loss. 
“What’s wrong? Haven’t gotten over it yet?” Jory queried softly.
###Chapter 1856
Chapter 1856 
Chapter 1856 Delivering Flowers 
“I’ll go.” 
In the end, Dustin agreed to Jory’s request. 
On the day of Nancy and Jory’s wedding, the venue was very lively. 
Balloons decorated the venue, and the air was filled with the fragrance of roses and red wine. Meanwhile, the bride looked gorgeous and the groom exuded charm. 
Everyone was anticipating the beautiful moment when they were pronounced husband and wife. 
Although Nancy and Caspian were divorced, they had long since made peace with each other and were now buddies for life. Simon had also finally accepted Jory. In fact, he was never against their relationship but was actually testing them all this time. 
Tucked in a corner, Larry stood in front of a window with a trace of sadness flashing across his eyes. 
If Joan knew that Nancy and Jory are getting married, she’d probably be over the moon, right? 
“Larry, what are you doing here?” Gabriella walked over right then. 
Surprise flitted across Larry’s features, but he quickly regained his composure. He never expected Gabriella to attend this wedding. Although Jory had formed an alliance with Gabriella before, according to the former’s personality, he probably wouldn’t invite the latter to his wedding. 
“Mm,” Larry replied tersely, having no intention to continue the conversation.
Since Joan was gone, Gabriella felt that it was time to make her move. Thus, she started addressing him in an intimate manner. “Lars, h-how have you been lately?” She peered at him suspiciously, but the man showed no reaction other than indifference. 
It’s already been so long since Joan’s death. Hasn’t he moved on from his grief yet? 
A trace of heartache entered Gabriella’s eyes, but there was also a hint of delight. 
One day, I’ll definitely take Joan’s place! 
Gabriella clenched her fists tightly. 
“Now, let’s welcome the bride and groom!” 
The venue reverberated with thunderous applause. This was the first time Dustin made an appearance since he was the groom’s best man. 
However, when his eyes swept over a particular person in the crowd, his gaze instantly darkened a few shades. 
At that moment, Larry was swirling the wine in his glass and taking small, elegant sips. 
“Jory, were you the one who invited her?” Nancy whispered into Jory’s ear while discreetly pointing in Gabriella’s direction with her right hand. 
Jory shook his head without saying anything. 
“Lars, it’s already been so long since Joan’s death. Haven’t you thought about finding another girlfriend?” Gabriella asked out of the blue. 
That new form of address grated on Larry’s nerves. He looked at Gabriella in front of him, his eyes growing cold.
This woman definitely had something to do with Joan’s death, but Caspian hasn’t found any solid evidence. Not to mention, the offending driver vanished all of sudden, leaving us without any clues. 
“There’s no other woman I’d want besides Joan!” Larry growled before turning to leave. 
Gabriella watched as Larry walked away, feeling slightly disheartened and bitter at the same time. I’ve done so much for him. Doesn’t he feel anything for me at all? 
We shall see. 
A scheming smile crept onto Gabriella’s lips. 
… 
“Selena, are you busy? If you’re not, can you deliver these flowers for me?” Delilah said hastily. 
Delilah didn’t have any special hobbies besides growing flowers in her downtime. Hence, this had gradually become her career. However, the flowers she grew were very special and generally weren’t available on the market. Thus, whenever there were events in the city nearby the village, her flowers would be their first choice. 
“Will do, Ms. Young. Just send me the address,” Selena called out. 
It was coincidently her off day. Since she was idle at home, she followed Delilah to the garden. 
“Come on. You can still make it if you leave now. It’s for a wedding, so make sure you deliver these flowers in one piece.” Delilah pinned Selena with a serious gaze. 
“Also, today’s your first time in the city. Since you’re free, you can have some fun over there before coming home.” Delilah patted Selena’s shoulder gently.
I usually don’t have time to go shopping with Selena. This is the perfect time for her to go out and have fun. 
“What’s so fun about the city? I’d rather spend time with the plants here.” Selena smiled before turning to leave. 
The location where she was to deliver the flowers wasn’t that far from the village, but the wedding venue managed to take Selena’s breath away.
###Chapter 1857
Chapter 1857 
Chapter 1857 Oddly Familiar 
“This family must be filthy rich. Look at this extravagant wedding,” Selena muttered to herself. 
“Good day, may I know who you’re looking for?” A security guard ran up to Security and questioned. 
Security was slightly taken aback because she never expected to encounter a security guard. 
“Hi, someone ordered these flowers. I’m here to deliver them,” Selena answered swiftly. 
“I ordered them. Hand them to me.” As if on cue, a woman walked over. 
At that, Selena extended the flowers to the woman. 
“Jory Synder, are you willing to take Nancy Barrymore…” The priest was speaking on the stage. 
Hearing his words, Selena’s brows furrowed slightly. Why do I find those two names so familiar? But I don’t recall ever meeting them. Selena shook her head in an attempt to clear her mind. 
How could I possibly know those people? They’re from the city, for Pete’s sake. 
Selena swiveled on her heels to leave. At that moment, Larry was coincidently standing next to the freshly placed flowers. 
“These flowers are very unique,” Larry commented in a low voice. 
“Yes, they’re very rare,” the woman explained. 
The wedding was still ongoing, so the venue was teeming with life. Dustin was next to Jory, celebrating the joyous occasion with his close friend.
Suddenly, a familiar figure appeared within his line of sight. “Joan.” However, it vanished after a split second. 
“What did you say?” Jory eyed Dustin cautiously. 
But the next second, Jory shouted with alarm, “Dustin! What are you doing?” 
“Joan?” Dustin called out tentatively, but there was no response. 
By the time he ran to the entrance, there was no sign of anyone. Even so, he was certain that he had seen someone walking out earlier; someone who looked very much like Joan. 
“Selena, why are you back so early?” Delilah looked at the woman in surprise. 
“Oh, well. I told you I prefer the plants here. The city is crowded with people. I just don’t see any fun in that,” Selena replied right away. 
“So how was it? The bride and groom must’ve been a charming couple, I suppose?” Delilah continued probing. 
Selena knitted her brows as she tried to recall. Hmm, I didn’t notice that much. But the bride’s and groom’s names did sound oddly familiar. Maybe I’ve heard similar names from watching all those TV series. 
“Fine, I guess. But I think you’re the prettiest, Ms. Young.” Selena cheekily hugged Ms. Young from the back. 
After some playful banter, both of them got back to work in the garden. 
The sky gradually grew dark, and the guests began filtering out of the wedding venue. Dustin sat alone in front of the window as he stared into the dark sky outside, seemingly lost in his thoughts.
“What happened to you today, Dustin? You’re my best man. Why did you run out all of a sudden?” Jory patted Dustin’s shoulder. 
“I saw Joan,” Dustin replied slowly with disappointment heavy in his tone. 
Jory’s heart broke for the man beside him. He knew that Dustin had always harbored feelings for Joan, even though the man she loved was Larry. 
“Stop talking nonsense. Joan is dead.” Jory didn’t mince his words. 
How could she have survived after falling into such a deep river? 
“But Jory, I really saw Joan. There’s no way I got it wrong!” Dustin refuted with an indignant expression. 
Forget it. I’ll just let him be. 
Jory didn’t continue arguing with him. 
Perhaps he just misses her too much. Dustin bowed his head as sorrow flickered across his eyes. 
“Will you go back or stay in the country?” Jory asked in a soft voice. 
Dustin hesitated for a moment, but didn’t answer. 
The next day, he left the country. But he couldn’t sleep the entire night as that familiar figure kept streaking across his mind. In the end, he came to the conclusion that he was mistaken. 
… 
“Good day, Mr. Norton. I’m W Enterprise’s representative. I’m happy to come forth to discuss the collaboration with you.” A man extended his right hand.
Larry glanced at the man and reached out to shake his hand with a courteous smile. 
“W Enterprise hopes that your company can come up with a unique and innovative proposal. Recently, we heard that there’s an old lady in a village nearby who has been planting a rare species of flower. We hope to utilize this special flower to create a perfume formulation. Mr. Norton, you know that W Enterprise is involved in many types of businesses, so this time, we hope that you can help with the procurement of the raw materials…”
###Chapter 1858
Chapter 1858 
Chapter 1858 Flat Refusal 
Larry had seen that special flower at Jory and Nancy’s wedding. In addition, he had also heard about it before. Hence, this matter was not difficult for him. 
Little did he know that the owner of those flowers, Delilah, wasn’t an easy person to deal with. 
“Rest assured, we’ll handle the procurement of the raw materials,” Larry replied calmly. 
Then, he searched for the woman who set up the flowers that day, and successfully obtained Delilah’s contact information. 
“I’m sorry, sir. Several years’ worth of the flowers has been sold out,” Delilah hurled back, not sounding sorry whatsoever. 
Delilah’s flowers were sold in limited numbers every year because she never intended to make huge profits out of them. In the village, she was already satisfied with earnings that could cover her living expenses. Not to mention, she didn’t want to leave the village. 
As the days went by, Selena found her job in the supermarket getting easier. Meanwhile, Larry realized that negotiating with Delilah was harder than he thought. 
“Selena, don’t you think it’s time to think about marriage?” Delilah said abruptly. 
Selena was momentarily stunned. Marriage never crossed her mind because she felt content living with Delilah and Lucius.
“Remember Kevin from our village? He’s the one who used to help us move the flowers. He’s always shown an interest in you. If you think he-” 
“Ms. Young,” Selena interrupted Delilah, then bowed her head. “I’ve never thought about these things.” 
For some reason, Selena felt revolted by this topic. Seeing the way she nervously changed the topic, an idea surfaced in Delilah’s mind. 
“Mom, I’m home!” Lucius yelled upon entering the house. 
Selena’s eyes lit up and she immediately went over to greet him. 
“Mom, I just met Kevin,” Lucius stated casually. 
Kevin again? Selena eyed the boy in front of her suspiciously. 
“What did he say to you?” she prodded. 
“Mr. Kevin asked me whether I’d mind it if he becomes my father,” Lucius replied in a hushed voice. 
The corners of Delilah’s lips lifted into an indiscernible smile. 
As expected of Kevin. He’s always so direct. 
“Mom, I actually think Mr. Kevin is a rather good person. He goes to the garden to help us almost every day and has never once complained. I’d feel safe having a father like him,” Lucius intentionally said. 
Indeed, both Lucius and Delilah were fond of Kevin, but at the end of the day, the decision was still in Selena’s hands. 
“I’m here!” Kevin called out loudly right then.
“Mr. Kevin!” Lucius dashed over to the man. 
Turning to look at Kevin, Selena suddenly felt slightly embarrassed. 
“Selena, I heard Ms. Young say that you like to eat fish. Here, I bought this for you.” Kevin handed a freshly bought fish to her. 
Selena hesitated for a while. She didn’t reciprocate Kevin’s feelings, so naturally, she wouldn’t want to develop a complicated relationship with him. 
Some things needed to be made clear. A person’s heart wasn’t something to be messed around with. 
“Kevin, can we go outside? I need to talk to you.” Selena tugged Kevin out before he could respond. 
Once out of earshot, she continued in a soft voice, “I’m sorry, Kevin. Thank you for the fish and for all the kindness you’ve shown us, but I hope we can become good friends for life.” 
Suddenly, Kevin’s eyes dimmed. 
She had already rejected him before he could even confess his feelings for her. 
“It’s fine. Good friends then.” Kevin scratched the back of his head awkwardly. 
Noting the look on his face, guilt crept into Selena’s heart. In fact, she herself had no idea why she had given him such a flat refusal. 
… 
“Larry, Delilah Young firmly refuses to work with us. What should we do?” Caspian was a little anxious.
This was the first large-scale collaboration between Norton Corporation and W Enterprise, and it was crucial to ensure its success.
###Chapter 1859
Chapter 1859 
Chapter 1859 Finding Fault 
Larry stood in front of the windows, immersed in his thoughts while he stared into the distance. 
He never imagined that there would be a woman in this world who would refuse money. 
“It’s fine. Check the specific location of the village. I’ll personally visit Ms. Young.” Larry announced with a cold glint in his eyes. 
Although Kevin never received any higher education, he was a civilized man. Ever since Selena rejected him the other time, he stopped making advances on her altogether. Despite that, he still went to the garden to help Delilah out as per usual. 
Perhaps village folks were truly simple-minded. 
“Kevin, aren’t you upset that Selena rejected you?” Delilah tried to sound him out. 
“No. Love isn’t always meant to be,” Kevin answered calmly. 
Delilah only smiled in response. 
Kevin was a decent man. She knew that he wouldn’t force Selena or put any pressure on her. 
… 
“Selena, what the hell is wrong with you? Did you do this?” Freya abruptly pointed a finger at Selena and shouted. 
Having no idea what Freya was referring to, Selena’s face scrunched up in confusion.
“What’s wrong, Ms. Brooks?” she asked worriedly. 
“Look at these goods. Were you the one who placed them here?” Freya shouted angrily. 
Suddenly, everyone’s gazes swept toward Selena. 
Selena cautiously walked closer to the shelf. Her brows knitted together into a frown. These goods weren’t placed here by me. 
“No, Ms. Brooks. It wasn’t me-” 
“Looking for excuses after you’ve done something wrong? Selena Young, you’re really something, aren’t you?” Freya cut her off. 
Seeing Freya’s aggressive behavior and her reluctance to give her a chance to explain, Selena understood that Freya was deliberately finding fault with her. 
Coincidently, the manager wasn’t here that day. And it was precisely because of this that Freya dared to openly stir up trouble. 
“Ms. Brooks, Selena really wasn’t the one who placed them here,” a colleague explained on Selena’s behalf. 
“Shut your mouth! Get lost if you don’t want to work here!” Freya roared. 
In an instant, everyone scurried away in fright, leaving Selena standing alone at the same spot as Freya berated her. 
“What’s going on here? Why is it so noisy?” Larry asked from inside his car. 
Caspian handed a drink he bought from the supermarket to Larry, then returned to the driver’s seat.
“The supervisor is scolding an employee for making a mistake,” Caspian described briefly. 
Subsequently, he put the car into drive. 
It did not take long for them to arrive at the garden’s entrance. 
Knock, knock, knock! 
Kevin and Delilah exchanged puzzled glances. 
Selena is at work and Lucius is in school. Who could it be? 
Delilah vigilantly opened the door, only to see a man in a suit and leather shoes, standing there expressionless. 
“May I know who you’re looking for?” Delilah queried with a frown. 
“Hello, I’m looking for Ms. Young,” Larry answered politely. 
Delilah looked at the man quizzically. I don’t even know this man. Why did he come here to see me? Wariness filled her eyes as she was hit with a sudden realization. Could it be for the flowers? 
“Is there something you need?” She got right to the point. 
“You must be Ms. Young then?” Larry maintained his courteous behavior. 
Delilah, on the other hand, didn’t bother with pleasantries. “Yes, I am. Whatever it is you’re here for, just out with it.” 
Perceiving the woman’s temperament, Larry could finally understand why she was so adamant about rejecting a collaboration with them.
“Ms. Young, may I go inside for a chat?” Larry asked. 
Delilah looked him up and down. Sensing that he posed no danger or threat, she begrudgingly stepped aside to allow him entry. 
It was indeed a magical world. Mesmerized by the entire garden, a look of awe flickered across Larry’s face. 
He always believed that women who liked plants and flowers were kind and innocent. Although Delilah was slightly rude to him earlier, it was obviously because she was an old lady who wanted no part of the outside world.
###Chapter 1860
Chapter 1860 
Chapter 1860 No Means No 
“If there’s anything you want to say, spill it. I’m busy,” Delilah said rudely. 
“Ms. Young, let me introduce myself first. I am the president of Norton Corporation,” Larry said as he stretched out his right hand. 
Delilah was momentarily taken aback but composed herself quickly. She had heard of Norton Corporation, and definitely of Larry. It just had not occurred to her that he would personally come to look for her. 
“If you’re looking to work with me, I must ask you to leave. I believe I’ve made myself very clear that I will not work with you,” Delilah said firmly. 
She left him no room for negotiation. Larry frowned. 
It’s the first time in my life that somebody has refused an offer to work with me. Interesting. He looked around before his gaze fell back upon Delilah, saying nothing. 
She must have a weakness somewhere. All ordinary people do. 
He thought hard about what Delilah’s vulnerable point could be. 
“Grandma!” Just then, Lucius yelled as he pushed open the door and threw himself into Delilah’s embrace. 
“You’re home! Are you hungry?” Delilah gazed fondly at the boy before her. 
“I’m not hungry. Mom would be home soon,” Lucius replied happily.
“Hello, Sir.” Lucius finally noticed Larry and greeted him with a bow. 
Delilah hurriedly shoved the boy into his room and forbade him from coming out. 
In this day and age, there are all kinds of people who would do anything to achieve their ambitions. 
“Please leave. I’m not interested in working with you.” Delilah waved her hands at Larry. 
Bemused, Larry obliged her request and departed. 
“Larry, what are we going to do now that Ms. Young is refusing to work with us?” Caspian’s eyes had a sliver of worry in them. 
“Oh, she will,” Larry said determinedly. 
Caspian gazed at Larry curiously, he had no idea what the latter meant. 
“Selena, no more bonuses for you for the month. Oh, and you’re out of off days,” Freya said viciously. 
Selena knew that Freya wouldn’t let her off that easily. 
Nonetheless, she said nothing. With a sense of indignation, she bore her burden alone. 
“What is it, Selena? Are you dissatisfied?” Freya asked suddenly, her cold eyes fixed on Selena. 
Of course I am! She did not bother to investigate the truth and just blamed others! The more Selena thought about it, the more incensed she became. 
“No,” she answered. 
Where did this woman come from? She is ill-tempered, short-sighted, and is keen on stirring up trouble. Selena frowned and trudged over to the cashier with a heart full of grievances.
“Selena, what is it? What did Ms. Brooks say?” Her co-workers surrounded her and enquired concernedly. 
“I’ve just lost my bonus and leaves for the month,” Selena said gloomily with a shrug. “By the looks of it, we would have to wait until next month for me to treat you guys.” 
In an instant, the women voiced their indignation. 
“How could Ms. Brooks do that? It wasn’t your responsibility! How could she punish you like that?” 
“That’s right! This is something that needs to be discussed with the store owner…” 
Not long after that, Freya emerged from her office. The women hurriedly dispersed and pretended to be engrossed in their work. 
“Ms. Young, I am out of leaves for the month,” Selena said with a pout. 
Delilah looked at Selena with a raised brow. 
“But it’s fine, it’s a chance for me to make more money,” Selena added, for she doesn’t want Delilah to worry about her. 
“Mom, didn’t you always have leaves available?” Lucius asked unhappily. 
Selena brushed him off with an excuse. Though Delilah was dubious at Selena’s words, she did not enquire further. She respected Selena’s choice in remaining reticent. 
At the supermarket, it was business as usual. Every employee carried out their tasks in all seriousness. Selena had been working non-stop for half a month. Everybody felt sorry for her but did not dare to offend Freya.
For some reason, the manager had not been back for a long time.
###Chapter 1861
Chapter 1861 
Chapter 1861 Locked In 
“Selena, you’re on the next shift,” Freya yelled suddenly. 
Selena felt uneasy at once. I have been working for over ten hours without a break. Why did I have to take on another shift? She was beyond exhausted by that point. 
“Freya, I’m not feeling too good today. Could you put me on another shift? Maybe someone can take my place for tonight?” Selena asked, her eyes fixed on Freya, who was standing before her. She had hoped that Freya would give her a break. 
For some reason, Selena’s stomach had been hurting since she woke up that morning. At first, she thought it was due to something she ate. But it’s been going on for an entire day, and it bothered her. She had been looking forward to getting off work and grabbing some medication on her way out, but that plan was off. 
Since the manager wasn’t in, Freya was in charge of all matters. The department leaders had opted to stay out of her way. 
Freya approached Selena with a cold smile. 
“Selena, don’t you try to wriggle your way out of this one with some fake illness,” she sneered. “You will be on duty tonight, and nobody will take your place.” 
There were times when Selena considered having a good chat with Freya to find out why she was constantly picked on. As far as she could remember, she did not do anything to offend Freya.
“Freya, I really do have a stomachache. I would like to pick up some medication,” Selena said with a grimace as she clutched her stomach. 
“Is that so? Just bear with it!” Freya retorted coldly and left. 
Selena felt her heart sinking as she watched Freya’s retreating figure. She could not understand why she was being treated in this manner. 
Sure enough, her co-workers began to depart when their shift had ended. Only Selena and Freya were left in the supermarket. Selena remained outside while Freya was in her office. 
Usually, night shifts at the supermarket ended at ten. But that night, Freya did not allow Selena to leave despite it being eleven already. Even though there wasn’t a single customer in sight, she was still forced to stay behind. 
Finally, at half-past eleven, Freya emerged from her office slowly, looking haggard. 
“Ms. Brooks, it’s almost midnight…” Selena said at once. 
“Hold on, I’m going to the washroom,” Freya said with a yawn. 
Selena felt disappointed. 
Soon, it was twelve and Freya was nowhere to be seen. 
This isn’t right. I shouldn’t be working overtime this late. Selena glanced at her watch, slowly getting anxious. Why hasn’t she return from the washroom? 
Selena gazed forlornly at the pitch-black darkness outside. 
It was almost one in the morning when she grew tired of waiting. She barged into the washroom and discovered that there was no one in there.
She checked again just to be sure and found no trace of Freya. Immediately, Selena ran to the entrance and found that it was locked. 
I got locked in the supermarket… 
Selena gave a hollow laugh. After going through everything, this is what I get in the end… 
She trudged to the break room and fell heavily onto the small bed. With wide eyes, she tossed and turned, unable to fall asleep. 
Delilah called a little later. “Hey, Selena, what’s going on? It’s so late, why aren’t you back yet?” she asked with concern. 
“Mom, why aren’t you back yet?” Lucius called out in the background. 
“Ms. Young, I won’t be home tonight. There’s an event here and the customers are neverending…” Selena invented a lie so Delilah wouldn’t worry about her. 
Naturally, Delilah caught on to Selena’s exhausted and panicked tone of voice. 
“Lucius, go back to sleep. You still have school tomorrow,” Delilah said as she patted the boy on the head. 
Lucius yawned twice in a row and went into his bedroom. 
“Selena, you’d better tell me what’s actually going on,” Delilah said in a stern voice. “Why are you so late tonight? And don’t give me that story about some nonexistent event. Do you really think I wouldn’t know whether or not the mall is hosting events?”
###Chapter 1862
Chapter 1862 
Chapter 1862 Talk To Me 
Selena knew that Delilah had always been a sharp woman. Seeing that it was no use in hiding it anymore, she told the truth. However, she summarized her entire evening in a single sentence. 
“Well, I went to the washroom before I got off work. They must have thought that I had left so they locked me in.” 
In an instant, Delilah was filled with fury. 
She’s just an ordinary cashier! Why is her workload even more than that of a salesperson? 
“Who locked you in?” Delilah demanded. 
“It’s a co-worker of mine who is friendly with me. Don’t worry, it wasn’t intentional,” Selena hurriedly said. 
Though Delilah was unfamiliar with social situations like these and doesn’t like all the schemes and tricks involved in these interactions, she had experienced something similar herself and did not believe Selena. 
Somebody must have done it on purpose… 
Delilah’s eyes flashed with cold anger. 
The sun was already high up in the sky when Selena stretched and opened her eyes slowly. 
“Oh, Selena! You’re early today!” Freya said as she emerged from her office.
“I did not go home last night,” Selena replied stiffly. 
Of course, Freya knew that Selena had spent the night here; it was her doing after all. 
“You didn’t go home? Why?” she exclaimed with mock surprise. 
Selena scoffed. 
This woman is such a good actress! 
“Well, I fell asleep in the break room and forgot to go home,” Selena answered blandly. 
She did not mention the fact that she had been locked in. 
Freya eyed the woman before her with suspicion. 
I gotta admit she’s pretty slick. She didn’t even mention being locked in. 
But so what? I am still going to make her life miserable. And no one can stop me! 
Freya clenched her fists and glared at Selena. 
“Selena, you can talk to me if there’s anything bothering you. Although I’m not from a big and powerful family, I still carry some authority within this village.” Delilah gazed at the woman before her as her heart ached for her. 
She understood Selena well. She knew that even when the latter was being wronged, she would not tell anybody. 
“Ms. Young, it’s nothing. Don’t worry, nobody would dare pick on me with you here.” Selena hugged the older woman tightly from behind.
All this time, Selena had treated Delilah as her own mother. As such, she wouldn’t be the bearer of bad news no matter how badly she was treated at the supermarket. 
“By the way, Ms. Young, I’ve heard that there was a person who always came looking for you at the garden. What’s that about?” Selena asked as she gazed curiously at Delilah. 
“He just wanted to buy some flowers. But I was unwilling to sell,” Delilah answered at once. 
Village people were different from city folks. They just wanted to live plainly and peacefully. 
Selena knew Delilah’s reasons for not wanting to work with that man, so she did not enquire further. 
“Oh no, I’m running late!” Selena cried. “I’m heading out, Ms. Young.” 
“Be careful on the road!” Delilah gazed at Selena, worry apparent in her eyes. 
With a wave, Selena turned and disappeared from sight. 
“Larry, we found something,” Caspian said excitedly to Larry in his office. 
“Speak.” Larry gazed outside the window. His eyes were brimming with confidence. 
“The boy is called Lucius,” Caspian said in a low voice. “He’s adopted by Ms. Young and he’s studying in a school in the village. I heard that the school is very run down.” 
Larry smiled with satisfaction. I’d thought so! 
“Caspian, I want to speak to the headmaster immediately.” His gaze was stern as he stared at Caspian. 
Caspian found it hard to understand Larry’s behavior.
However, Larry thought that Caspian did not need to understand his wishes. He just had to carry them out.
###Chapter 1863
Chapter 1863 
Chapter 1863 Funding 
Caspian turned away to make a few calls and the entire matter was arranged promptly. 
“Larry, we can depart immediately,” Caspian reported as he patted Larry’s shoulder. 
“Let’s go, then.” Larry strode out of his office without a backward glance. 
Along the way, Larry sat in the back seat with his eyes glued to the scenery outside the window. A smile would play occasionally on his lips. Caspian did not know what he was smiling about. But he was sure that Larry had planned for something huge to happen. 
Finally, they arrived outside the school. 
When they reached the headmaster’s office, Larry knocked on the door politely. 
“Please come in!” came the headmaster’s voice. When he caught sight of his visitors, he scrambled to his feet to receive them. 
“Greetings, Mr. Norton,” the headmaster said. “There was no need for you to personally come all this way. I could have gone over to meet with you.” 
“Hello, headmaster. I heard that you intend to construct a library for the school, am I right?” Larry clarified his visit with a smile. 
“That’s right. The children love reading. As such, a library is most essential,” the headmaster explained. 
Before Larry and Caspian met with the headmaster, they had taken a walk around the school grounds.
It was indeed very run down. Not only was it lacking basketball hoops, but it also didn’t have the basic equipment for physical exercises. 
“To tell you the truth, headmaster, I’m a businessman. I may not know as much as you do in regards to the education industry, but I think that education is essential for the growth of a child. Hence, the environment in which they receive said education is of the utmost importance. If you’re willing, I would like to provide the funding for a library and some equipment for sports…” Larry said in all seriousness as he faced the headmaster. 
Caspian was stunned. 
He did not, for a moment, imagined that Larry would fund a school in a tiny village. He also had no idea what the reason for Larry’s decision was. 
“Mr. Norton, I am extremely grateful for your generosity. But do forgive me for asking, what makes you choose this school in particular to give the funds to?” 
The headmaster was more than willing to accept Larry’s help, but he would like to ascertain Larry’s reasons for doing so. 
“Because there is someone in your village whose help I need,” Larry answered simply. 
Hearing that, Caspian finally understood his boss’ intentions. 
“Well… Mr. Norton, the thing is, even though I am the headmaster, a decision like this would have to be discussed by all the teachers. Thus, I still need…” The headmaster trailed off with a small smile. 
“I wouldn’t expect otherwise.” Larry nodded with understanding. 
The headmaster was satisfied as he gazed at the man before him. He had thought that the people who would be willing to provide funding for the school would be some rough and uncouth businessmen. It
was unexpected that this one turned out to be such a gentleman. 
After several moments of small talk, Larry excused himself. 
“Mr. Norton!” A voice rang out as Larry and Caspian were walking out. 
Larry turned around and saw that it was Delilah’s grandson. 
“Hello! Why are you here?” Larry asked as he knelt down to face the boy. 
“I just got off school. But why are you here, Mr. Norton?” Lucius asked innocently. 
Larry wasn’t sure why but there was a sense of familiarity about the boy. 
“I’m just here on some business,” Larry replied as he patted Lucius’s head. 
“Mr. Norton, our headmaster said that someone wants to build us a library. Could it be you?” Lucius asked in a small voice. 
Larry nodded with a smile. 
Caspian stood behind them, astonished as he witnessed their interaction. He had never seen Larry being this patient with a child who he did not know well. Perhaps this is fate. 
“Your name is Lucius, is it not? Do you think I’m a bad guy?” Larry asked suddenly. 
Lucius scratched his head in confusion at the question. 
“I don’t think you are,” he answered in a low voice. 
Larry pinched the boy’s cheek affectionately and smiled with satisfaction.
“Then, would it be alright if I worked together with your grandma?” Larry asked deliberately.
###Chapter 1864
Chapter 1864 
Chapter 1864 The Appointment 
Larry knew that the child was completely clueless, but he was willing to chat with him with no ulterior motive. 
“Sure! And my mom too. Both Grandma and Mom are very kind,” Lucius said. 
“And let me tell you something, my Mommy is very beautiful. She is the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen,” Lucius said proudly. 
Ding! Ding! Ding! 
Just then, Larry’s phone rang. It was from his assistant. 
“Is that so? Well, if there’s a chance, maybe you could introduce me to your mother. Maybe I could even work together with her.” Larry tousled Lucius’s hair. 
“Sounds good! You’d better get that. I’m going home now,” Lucius said as he departed. 
As Larry gazed at the boy’s diminishing figure, he felt a sense of comfort for reasons unknown to him. 
It was the first time he had felt this at ease after Joan’s accident and he did not expect it to come from interacting with a boy. 
“What did you say? Mr. Norton funded your school?” Delilah gazed at Lucius, wariness in her eyes. 
“That’s right, Grandma,” Lucius replied excitedly. “I don’t think he’s a bad man. He just wants to build a library for us, as well as lots of exercise equipment.”
Delilah’s gaze darkened at once. She had thought that a rich young man like Larry would spend his fortune drinking or womanizing. It was a surprise to her to discover that he would be as charitable as this. 
In this day and age, society has become dangerous and people have malicious intentions. For him to do something like this just proves that he’s not an ordinary person. 
She was right to think that way. After all, Larry was indeed not just an ordinary person. 
“Lucius, what were you guys talking about?” Selena ambled over slowly and pinched his cheeks. 
“The man who always came looking for Grandma funded our school. Mommy, when would you be free? I’d like to introduce you to him. Maybe you could work together with him in the future,” Lucius said innocently. 
How does this child think so far ahead? 
He is a president of a powerful corporation in the city, and I am but a cashier of a mall in a rural village. Under what circumstances would we be working together? 
Perhaps it was this act of kindness from Larry that had changed Delilah’s perception of him. 
Maybe… I could work with him, Delilah thought as her resolve wavered. 
No matter what kind of work they would be doing together, Delilah prioritized a person’s character. If there was nothing wrong with his character, she would be willing to give away flowers even if he did not have any money. 
The days passed. Delilah tended to her garden with care while Selena remained at her job in the supermarket.
The manager finally returned, ending Freya’s tyranny over Selena. As for Lucius, he maintained his routine of alternating between school and home. 
Selena had hoped for peaceful days like this to continue, she never expected that she had a past locked deep within her. 
“Larry, are you going tonight?” Caspian asked in a low voice. 
“I am,” Larry replied decisively. 
“But it might rain tonight,” Caspian said with a worried glance at the man before him. 
The road that led up to the village was treacherous. With the imminent storm, Caspian was unwilling to place Larry at that kind of risk. 
“Don’t worry, I will be careful,” Larry said irritably. 
Caspian looked down but felt uneasy. 
“Larry, let me go with you,” he said determinedly. 
“No need.” Larry rejected him outright. “It has been a busy couple of weeks and you hardly had any rest. I can go by myself tonight.” 
Unable to dissuade Larry, Caspian reluctantly obeyed his wishes. 
The storm roared all around Larry when he was ready to depart; the rain followed soon after. 
“Larry, be careful on the road, okay? Call me if you need anything,” Caspian shouted from up the stairs. 
Larry said nothing but gave him a reassuring gesture.
###Chapter 1865
Chapter 1865 
Chapter 1865 Piggyback 
The rain grew heavier as the storm worsened. Flashes of lightning searing across the sky made the night even more frightening. 
Larry looked determinedly out the window into the storm. He parked his car by the road and had planned to let the rain subside before taking off. 
However, when the rain did not show any sign that it was going to stop any time soon, Larry started the car and headed toward the village. 
That afternoon, Delilah took the initiative to call him and told him that she would like to talk. With such a good opportunity, Larry wasn’t going to give it up easily, regardless of the possibility of a storm. 
“Grandma, what are you looking at?” Lucius asked as he threw himself onto Delilah. 
“I’m waiting for someone. If he comes tonight, I will work with him no matter what he offers me. If he doesn’t, that just shows me that he does not deserve my cooperation.” Delilah’s eyes flashed with coldness. 
I wonder what will his choice be tonight? Delilah thought. 
“Where’s your mother?” she asked Lucius in a low voice. 
“She still hasn’t gotten off work,” the boy answered as he lowered his head, his eyes full of worry for his mother.
The road to the village was becoming increasingly rugged, as did the number of potholes filled with water. Larry looked ahead wearily as the rain poured on. Because of his newest project, Larry had not slept in three days. He had planned to tuck in early that day but Delilah’s phone call had scratched that plan of his off. 
“Hello, Larry? Have you arrived?” Caspian called again, anxiety in his voice. 
“I’m almost there, don’t worry. Go to sleep; you have a very important mission tomorrow,” Larry replied softly. 
It was a brief exchange before Larry hung up. He did not tell Caspian this but he felt that the terrain was becoming increasingly difficult to navigate. 
Thump! With a jolt, the car suddenly sank into a large pothole. 
Larry pressed hard on the accelerator but it was no use; the tire was firmly lodged in. 
He glanced at his watch and panicked when he saw that his appointment with Delilah was almost time. 
In the end, Larry exited the car with an umbrella and continued on. 
The rain poured down harder than ever; the road was muddy and full of holes. It was impossible to differentiate where the potholes ended and where the road began. 
Perhaps it was due to fatigue, but Larry suddenly felt dizzy and weak in his whole body. He shook his head vigorously in an attempt to wake himself up but he still felt very tired and sleepy as if he had taken a sleeping pill. 
Finally, his eyelids drooped shut and he fell over.
“Hey, Selena, why don’t I give you a ride home? With the rain as heavy as this, you wouldn’t be safe,” Selena’s colleagues shouted. 
“Don’t worry about me. My house is close by.” Selena rejected with a smile. 
As she walked out of the supermarket, she saw that the sky was pitch black. With a deft twist of her arm, she opened her umbrella and walked out into the rain. 
“Why is it raining so heavily all of a sudden?” Selena muttered to herself. 
Suddenly, a man appeared in front of her. 
He was slumped on the road, motionless. A shiver of fear ran down Selena’s spine at the sight. 
He’s not dead, is he? She walked gingerly toward him. 
No… I should just mind my own business. 
With that thought, Selena turned to walk away but her conscience nudged at her. 
In the end, she carefully approached the man and placed a finger in front of his nose. 
Oh good, he’s still alive. Selena then mustered all of her strength and lifted him up in a piggyback. 
“D*mn, he’s heavy!” Selena gritted her teeth and walked forward slowly and steadily. 
What is with me recently? Why do I keep running into weird situations and people? 
Selena sighed. 
“Ms. Young! Ms. Young!” Selena shouted as soon as she walked through the door at home. At the sound of Selena’s voice, Delilah ran out worriedly.
She was stunned when she caught sight of the two soaked figures before her, especially of the man on Selena’s back. 
“What happened?” Delilah asked. 
“He’s passed out,” Selena answered at once. 
There was no hospital in the village except for a clinic. But as it was now the middle of the night, the clinic would have been long closed.
###Chapter 1866
Chapter 1866 
“Alright. Selena, go take a hot shower right away and leave him to me,” Delilah instructed as she hurried forward to help support Larry. 
When Selena dropped him on the bed, Delilah froze with surprise. 
She did not manage to catch a glimpse of his face earlier but now that she did, she recognized him at once. 
Delilah spent the entire night waiting for Larry to wake up. 
Just when she thought that he had not kept their appointment, he suddenly showed up in front of her. 
“Isn’t this Mr. Norton?” Lucius asked as he emerged rubbing his eyes. 
“Grandma, is Mr. Norton all right?” He gazed worriedly at Larry’s unconscious figure. 
Delilah saw how worried the boy looked. She did not expect the child to be this fond of Larry. 
“Alright, Lucius. Go back to bed. You still have to go to school tomorrow,” Delilah said as she gently stroked his head. 
Lucius appeared extremely concerned for Larry. 
“Don’t worry. I will bring him back to health,” Delilah reassured him with a smile. 
Indeed, Delilah was well versed in the medical arts. Though she wasn’t an expert, she was able to cure common colds and fevers. 
Ding! Ding! Ding!
Larry’s phone on the bedside table began to ring. 
Delilah glanced at the screen and saw that it was Caspian who was calling. She did not know who Caspian was, and naturally, she wasn’t going to answer someone else’s phone. 
“Ms. Young, how is he?” Selena asked as she emerged from the bathroom. 
“He’s fine, just a slight fever. He’ll be back to normal after having some medications tomorrow, so don’t you worry,” Delilah replied calmly. 
“But his wet clothes have to be taken off or his condition may worsen,” Delilah added. 
Selena hurried over and looked at the man on the bed. It was dark out there on the road so she didn’t see his face properly earlier. But now that she did, she thought that he was very handsome. 
His symmetrical features, his slight tan, and those sexy collarbones… 
Selena was lovestruck. 
“Selena? Selena?” Delilah patted her shoulder lightly. 
“Huh? Did you call me, Ms. Young?” With a start, Selena regained her senses. 
“I’ll leave the changing of his clothes to you,” Delilah said, her voice soft. 
“It’s best to change him into something dry,” she added before turning around to leave. 
Suddenly, Selena felt like she was struck by a bolt of lightning. Her brain felt mushy. 
“What kind of situation have I gotten myself into? Why must I be the one to change his clothes?” Selena muttered.
Actually, she was the best candidate for this task. 
“Well, mister, I’m going to change your clothes now… Oh wait, I need to find you a fresh set first,” Selena said as she rummaged through her wardrobe. 
As the man looked to be six feet at least; even if she were to dress him in her trousers, they would look like shorts on him. 
That’s not important. Let’s just remove his clothes first! 
Selena reached underneath the quilt and started removing Larry’s clothing slowly. 
After a while, she managed to undo all of the buttons on his shirt. 
This is difficult! Every time she felt his bare skin, she felt hard to breathe. Selena shut her eyes and took a deep breath. 
After what seemed like an eternity, his clothes were finally removed and dumped into the laundry basket to the side. At the sight of the unconscious man on the bed, Selena suddenly felt a surge of familiarity but could not quite place her finger on where she saw him before. 
“Joan, I miss you,” Larry suddenly mumbled in his sleep. 
“Joan, please don’t go. I’m begging you. Don’t leave me,” he continued softly. 
The name he is calling out is probably his wife’s. 
Selena felt envious of his wife, whoever she was. 
There were three bedrooms in Delilah’s house. They were each occupied by her, Selena, and Lucius respectively. As Larry occupied her bedroom, Selena did not manage to sleep the entire night.
“Ms. Young, I have to go or I’ll be late,” Selena called out when it was almost time for work. “Please take my place in caring for him.”
###Chapter 1867
Chapter 1867 
Chapter 1867 Partners 
“Go on, then. I got this. Don’t worry!” Delilah replied. 
After all, Larry was her future business partner; she wouldn’t mistreat him. 
Selena glanced at the breakfast on the dining table and hurriedly grabbed a boiled egg before running out. 
“Joan, Joan, don’t go!” Larry moaned and sat up suddenly. 
Delilah watched the newly awakened Larry but said nothing. 
“Ms. Young?” Larry gazed at the woman before him, feeling slightly confused. 
“Hmm, you’re awake? Here, have some water along with this medication for your fever,” Delilah said at once in a level tone of voice. 
Larry felt comforted gazing at the elder woman. 
“Was it you who rescued me yesterday? Thank you for that,” Larry said. 
“It wasn’t me. It was Selena who rescued you,” Delilah replied quickly. 
At the sound of this unfamiliar name, Larry felt curious. How did she manage to move me here? 
“It rained heavily last night. Selena was on her way home when she saw you lying on the road,” Delilah answered lightly. “She carried you on her back and walked all the way home.” 
Larry suddenly started hacking. It seemed like the rain yesterday had made him ill.
Did Ms. Young mean to say that I was carried back here by a woman? 
Larry’s interest in Selena was suddenly piqued. 
“Where is she now? I would like to thank her,” Larry said. 
“There’s no need. She’s currently at work, so it’s best not to bother her,” Delilah answered gently. 
Larry’s eyes dimmed. But she is my savior! 
“Mr. Norton, you were late last night,” Delilah suddenly changed the topic. 
Larry was taken aback. Though he had an accident last night, it was still no excuse for being late. 
“Ms. Young, it was my fault for failing to keep our appointment. I could have called or texted ahead, but I didn’t. That was an error on my part. Please accept my apologies,” Larry said sincerely. 
Larry had always been an honest man. Thus, he would not attempt to worm his way out of being late with excuses. 
Delilah was impressed by his candor. 
“Then, let’s talk business,” she said briskly. 
Larry was stunned but recovered quickly. 
“I am willing to work with you, but on the condition that we keep our partnership a secret. I would like to lead a quiet life.” Delilah’s gaze was stern as she laid out her condition. 
If he can’t agree to this, there would be no further need for any discussion. 
“No problem. Please be rest assured that I will respect your decision,” Larry said at once.
Just then, he caught sight of the dozens of missed calls on his phone and called Caspian back. 
“Larry, where are you now? What happened?” Caspian had been worried sick after not being able to contact him the entire night. 
“I’m fine, don’t worry,” Larry replied quietly. 
After a brief exchange, Larry hung up. 
After breakfast, Larry was led by Delilah to the garden. 
The sweet floral scent that had mingled in the crisp village air was emanating from flowers of every beautiful hue imaginable. The sight of it dazzled Larry. 
Delilah appeared to be in an excellent mood. She patiently introduced Larry to each type of flower and its associated symbolism. 
“You see, this one represents loss and recovery. Once upon a time, there was this loving couple who got separated for some reason. A few years later, the man found the woman on the side of the road. This flower was found blooming where they were,” Delilah said wistfully as if the woman she was referring to was actually herself. 
Larry’s thoughts strayed to Joan. Is she really dead? His eyes dimmed. 
“Mr. Norton?” Delilah nudged him on the elbow. 
“What are you thinking about? If you’re willing, we could not only be partners but also friends,” Delilah said seriously. 
She enjoyed surrounding herself with kind and passionate people.
At the sight of her affectionate and benevolent demeanor, Larry felt like pouring his heart out to her for reasons unknown to himself.
###Chapter 1868
Chapter 1868 
Chapter 1868 One More Pot 
“It’s nothing, Ms. Young. I’m looking forward to your support in the future,” Larry said politely. 
He was lost in thought while he gazed at the reunion flower that Delilah had shown him. 
“Here, these are for you,” Delilah said as she pushed a pot of reunion flowers into his hands. 
Larry suddenly felt comforted for no apparent reason. 
“Ms. Young, I would like to go out for a walk,” Larry suddenly said glumly. 
“Turn right at the door and keep going until you see a river. It’s especially quiet there…” 
Delilah knew that he was feeling grief, so she directed him to a quiet place for some introspection with his flowers. 
She shook her head as she watched Larry’s departing figure. 
Men who were lovesick were the most adorable but they could also be the most stubborn. I do hope that he will be able to be with the person he loves eventually. 
Delilah’s eyes shined with anticipation on his behalf. 
Knock! Knock! Knock! 
Larry had just left when someone rapped on Delilah’s door. It sounded desperate. 
“Selena? What are you doing back here? Aren’t you supposed to be at work?” Delilah eyed the panting woman before her curiously.
“Ms. Young, are there any extra flowers in the garden? We need them at the supermarket,” Selena said at once. 
The potted plants sold in the supermarket were cultivated by Ms. Young, but they were few in number in comparison to common household items and food that the supermarket mainly stocked. 
“Yes, there is. What happened?” Delilah asked as she patted Selena on the back to ease her breathing. 
“There was a bunch of people today who insisted on buying reunion flowers. They were determined to buy everything we had. The department leader was not agreeable at first but upon consideration, he decided to accommodate the customers’ wishes, for fear that if we don’t, they might cause trouble. That is why…” Selena explained with some embarrassment. 
She knew that Delilah did not like to trade on too big of a scale. Moreover, she detested people who threw their weight around. 
Delilah frowned in thought. At last, she decided to move everything in her garden to the supermarket. 
“Tell your department leader that after this batch, I won’t be selling my goods through the supermarket anymore,” Delilah told Selena sternly. 
The latter nodded determinedly. 
Not long after, a couple of burly workers from the supermarket came to collect the flowers. 
At the sight of her plants being sent away, Delilah’s eyes were filled with pain. 
“Ms. Young, we’re short of one pot,” one of the workers called out suddenly. “The customers were very specific about wanting a certain number of pots.”
“That’s all I have!” Delilah replied, anger evident in her tone. 
I have already accommodated them and they still find things to complain about! She folded her arms in front of her in bitterness. Seeing this, the worker did not dare to say more to her. Instead, he nudged Selena’s elbow. 
“Is it really true that you’ve run out of flowers? We won’t be asking from you anymore after this time,” Selena asked Delilah quietly. 
Selena was an employee of the supermarket, after all. Thus, Delilah did not wish to put her in a difficult position. Her gaze softened at once. 
“Go to the river. The man who you rescued yesterday has a pot,” Delilah said slowly. 
Before she could say more, Selena had disappeared in her haste. 
At the riverbank, Larry gazed at the pot of reunion flowers clutched in his hand with tear-filled eyes. He realized with a jolt that this was the very same river that Joan had fallen into from her accident that year. 
“Joan!” Larry screamed at the river. 
But there was not even a ripple of response. 
Larry gazed at the flowers in his hand and back at the river, his heart aching with sorrow. 
“Ah!” Came a yell behind him. 
Selena had slipped and fallen. With time being of the essence, she jumped to her feet and ran toward the river without even noticing that her knee was bleeding.
Finally, she caught sight of the silhouette of a man. 
“Hey!” Selena called out. 
What a familiar voice. Larry spun around. 
In the next moment, his eyes widened with shock. 
“Hello, I’m Selena,” she panted as she introduced herself. “The supermarket I work at needs these reunion flowers urgently. Could you give me this pot, please?”
###Chapter 1869
Chapter 1869 
Chapter 1869 Her Boyfriend 
Larry had not recovered from his shock. He simply stood rooted to his spot gawping at her. 
“Hello? Can you hear me?” Selena waved her hand in front of his face. 
“Joan!” Larry cried tearfully. In a flash, he hugged her tightly as tears flowed freely down his cheeks. 
Selena was startled. She admitted that the man before her was very handsome, but she was not a loose woman. With all her might, she pushed Larry away from her, glaring fiercely at him as she did so. 
“Hey, watch yourself! Are you going to give the flowers to me or not?” Selena pointed at the pot in his hands. 
“Joan, you’re hurt!” Larry exclaimed as he pointed to her knee which was bleeding profusely. 
Joan? 
Something clicked in Selena’s mind. He must have mistaken me for somebody else! 
“It’s none of your business,” she said impatiently. “Just tell me if you’re going to give…” 
Before she could finish her sentence, Larry swept her up in his arms. 
Selena was dumbfounded. She was painfully aware of her own racing heartbeat and increasingly shallow breathing. Her head was pressed against his chest. What a strong heartbeat he has… 
“You’re hurt. Let me take you back. Don’t worry, I’ll give you the flowers,” Larry said gently.
For reasons unbeknownst to her, Selena felt an overwhelming sense of peace being in his arms and listening to his voice. 
“Mr. Norton, please put me down. I’m fine,” Selena said with an embarrassed blush. 
The villagers were a conservative lot. If somebody saw them, they would misunderstand. 
“Where’s the hospital?” Larry asked as he gazed tenderly at the woman in his arms. 
Selena’s mind went blank at his question. 
This is but a small village. What kind of hospital would we have? 
“We do not have a hospital here, only a clinic,” Selena replied softly, not daring to meet his eyes. 
Larry’s gaze was piercing, and it made her feel like he could see right through to her heart. 
“Where is it? Tell me. I’ll take you there.” 
Selena was touched by Larry’s determination. It was the first time since being in the village that she was this close to a man. It was also the first time she was being embraced in a man’s arms.” 
“Wow, Selena. Your boyfriend is really handsome!” 
“That’s right! Hey Selena, why didn’t you think about mentioning him to us, hmm?” 
“Hey, handsome. Treat us to lunch someday, won’t you? If you want to be with Selena, you’ll have to pass our inspection first.” 
Several women approached them and started chattering inquisitively.
“What are you all talking about? He’s not…” Selena glared at them fiercely as she waved at them to stop talking. The flush on her face had darkened into a deeper shade of red. 
“Sure, I’ll treat you guys to lunch someday,” Larry said to the women, interrupting Selena. 
Selena gazed at him with eyes as wide as saucers. 
Is he admitting to the fact that he is my boyfriend? For some reason, she felt her heart leaping with joy. 
“Ooh, not bad, Selena!” 
“So, should we call you our brother-in-law now?” 
“Brother-in-law has a nice ring to it. Do keep in touch with us! We’re leaving now.” 
With winks and nudges, the women departed like scuttering hens. They did not want to intrude on the couple’s alone time. 
Soon after, only Selena and Larry were left. Their surroundings fell into silence once more. The atmosphere was so thick that the air felt solid. 
Selena glanced at Larry nervously as she was momentarily struck dumb. Larry gazed back at her passionately. He wanted to kiss her forehead badly, but it appeared that she did not remember him. 
It wasn’t until Larry had started walking that Selena finally regained her senses. 
“Um… Those girls are my friends,” Selena explained awkwardly. “We are used to making jokes like that. Please don’t take it to heart.” 
“But I was not joking.” Larry stopped walking suddenly.
Taken aback, Selena’s breathing hitched. 
“Do you really not remember me at all?” Larry gazed earnestly at her. 
Selena looked back at him dubiously. Should I remember him?
###Chapter 1870
Chapter 1870 
Chapter 1870 As Long As He Is A Good Guy 
“I’m sorry, Mr. Norton, but you must have mistaken me for someone else. I’m Selena,” Selena said when she recalled hearing him calling her Joan earlier. 
Larry kept quiet and simply walked toward the clinic. 
“What happened to you, Selena? How did you get yourself hurt so badly?” The doctor asked as she had always been close with Selena and Delilah. 
“Oh, it’s nothing! I just slipped and fell, that’s all!” Selena said with an embarrassed smile. 
“Is that so? Are you sure you aren’t being bullied?” The doctor shot Larry a cold and suspicious glare as she said that. 
Being similar in age to Delilah, it was natural that she cared about Selena like her own daughter. 
“Yes, doctor. He was the one who carried me all the way here after I fell down,” Selena explained, much to the doctor’s relief. 
Larry furrowed his brows as he scanned the interior of the clinic. 
Why is this clinic so shabby and poorly equipped? 
He then pulled out his phone and punched in Caspian’s number without any hesitation. 
“Hey, Caspian. Go take a look at the hospital and see what equipment they have. After that, I want you to purchase some proper ones and have them delivered to this location. I’ll text you the address in a bit.”
Of course, Caspian wouldn’t say no to Larry’s orders and drove toward the hospital immediately. 
“Say, who is he? I can’t believe he carried you all the way here without a single complaint!” the doctor whispered into Selena’s ear with a nosy look on her face. 
“Oh, I found him unconscious in the rain yesterday, so I carried him home…” Selena whispered back. 
“I do have to say, he is pretty handsome and seems to be a really nice guy. I mean, he didn’t even get mad at me when I was rude to him earlier! I think you two would make a great pair.” The doctor gave Selena a gentle nudge on the shoulder. 
“What are you saying? He’s from the city, and I’m just a nobody from the village…” The look in Selena’s eyes turned dull when she said that. 
There’s simply too huge of a difference between our backgrounds and lifestyles, so we won’t be seeing eye to eye on a lot of things in life… Dating a guy like this would be so exhausting… 
“Ah!” Selena let out a cry all of a sudden. 
“You silly girl! As long as he’s a good guy, it doesn’t matter where he’s from!” the doctor said while pressing on Selena’s wound. 
Larry came running into the ward the moment he heard her scream. 
“What happened? Does it hurt a lot?” 
He grabbed her tightly by the hand, shocking both her and the doctor instantly. Whoa… Isn’t he being a little too touchy-feely? 
The doctor cleared her throat awkwardly, prompting Selena to pull her hand back immediately.
“Right then… Here’s some ointment for your wound. Make sure to replace the bandages before bed every night, okay? Oh, and try not to walk around too much. In fact, it’s even better if you don’t walk at all,” the doctor deliberately cast a glance at Larry as she said that. 
Selena knew exactly what she meant by that and simply pouted without saying a word. 
“Here, hop on.” Larry knelt down in front of Selena while the doctor covered her mouth and grinned as she watched from the side. 
“Don’t listen to her, Mr. Norton. I’m fine, and I can walk on my own, so you don’t have to trouble yourself…” Selena said as she tried to get off the bed, only to get pulled into Larry’s arms. 
“Would you rather have me carry you on my back or in my arms?” 
His voice was so deep and attractive that Selena found it a little hard to breathe. 
Oh, no… What’s going on? Am I really into him? 
Selena clenched her fists nervously at the thought of that. 
“Uh… I think you should carry her in your arms to avoid making contact with the wound on her knee,” the doctor said before turning around and walking out of the ward. 
“What?” Selena looked in the direction the doctor went. 
Before she knew it, she was being held in Larry’s arms once again. 
Along the way, everyone around them stared in surprise and curiosity, and Selena felt like she was going to die from the embarrassment. Larry, on the other hand, enjoyed every bit of it very much.
###Chapter 1871
Chapter 1871 
Chapter 1871 Lucius Is Her Son 
The sky was getting dark, and the stars twinkled as the bright moon illuminated the path home for Larry. It’s so silent, yet so heartwarming… Selena found herself enjoying the moment and subconsciously leaned her head against Larry’s chest, causing a satisfied grin to form on his lips. 
“Mom!” Lucius shouted at her when he saw her, and the look in Larry’s eyes turned grim instantly. 
Lucius is her son? 
“What happened to you, Mom?” Lucius ran up to hold his mother steady. 
“It’s nothing. I just slipped and fell, that’s all!” Selena gently ruffled his hair with a relieved smile on her face. 
Larry, on the other hand, had an ice-cold look on his face as he made his way to the window. 
“Are you okay, Mr. Norton?” Lucius walked up to him and asked cautiously. 
Larry turned around and shot him a cold glare in response, scaring Lucius so much that he ran away and threw himself into Selena’s arms. 
“Wah! His eyes were so scary, Mom!” Lucius whispered beside her ear, making her stared at Larry in confusion. 
Why is he being so cold all of a sudden? He seemed so warm and gentle when he carried me home moments ago! 
“It’s getting late… You must be hungry, right, Mr. Norton?” Selena asked.
Larry slowly turned toward her, his eyes filled with love and affection as he stared at her. Being uncomfortable with such displays of affection, Selena quickly looked away and went into the kitchen. 
“I-I should start making dinner! Ms. Young will be back soon!” 
For some reason, my heart beats really fast whenever we make eye contact, and I can barely breathe too! I must be losing my mind! 
Selena shook her head forcefully as if to snap herself out of it. 
Larry fell into deep thought as he gazed at the night sky outside the window while Lucius was focused on doing his homework. 
Selena found herself constantly being distracted as Larry’s face kept popping up in her head. 
“D*mn it, why do I keep thinking of him?” Selena mumbled to herself. 
“Thinking of who?” Larry appeared behind her suddenly. 
“Y-You… What are you doing here?” Selena stared at him warily. 
How did he get behind me without making a sound? This is ridiculous! 
“I came to see if you needed any help with making dinner,” Larry said softly as he walked up to her. 
Selena quickly pushed him away to put some distance between them. 
“N-No need, I can handle this all by myself! I-It’s really cramped here in the kitchen, so why don’t you wait outside?” she stammered in a state of panic. 
Damn it, my heart’s racing again!
Selena began taking deep breaths in an attempt to calm herself down, only to have Larry step forward and force her against the cabinet. 
What’s he doing? Is he going to kiss me? 
With his right hand on the cabinet door, Larry then leaned in closer toward her face. Selena’s heart was pounding so hard that it felt like it was going to burst out of her chest. 
She closed her eyes tightly and prepared herself for the impending kiss when she saw that his lips were getting closer to hers. 
Smack! 
Selena opened her eyes and saw Larry closing one of the cabinet doors with his right hand. 
“What were you expecting?” Larry asked with a mischievous grin on his face, causing Selena to feel incredibly awkward. 
I seriously thought he was going to kiss me! 
“Uh… N-Nothing! I… I’m going to continue making dinner now!” She then shoved him away and began cutting up the vegetables. 
How embarrassing! My ears are all red too! 
“Here, let me do it. It’s too dangerous,” Larry said as he quickly took the knife from her hand. 
She must be really worked up right now, so it’s best if she stays away from the knives… 
Selena had a strange sense of déjà vu when she watched him cut up the vegetables. This is odd… Why do I feel like I’ve seen this man make dinner before…
###Chapter 1872
Chapter 1872 
Chapter 1872 How About You Become My Dad 
She gave herself a knock on the head at the thought of that. That’s impossible! He’s from the city, remember? There’s no way a mere villager like me would’ve met him before! 
“I’m home!” Just then, Delilah’s voice sounded from the living room. 
“Grandma!” Lucius threw himself in her arms. 
“Selena! How is your knee?” Delilah called out toward the kitchen. 
“It’s fine, Ms. Young! It should be healed pretty soon!” Selena replied. 
Larry felt his heart ache when he looked at her wound. Her injury isn’t serious, but it’ll still take a few days for her to heal up… Wait, Joan used to be like this too, didn’t she? She’d rather suffer the pain all by herself instead of having others worry about her… 
“Oh, my… What are you doing in the kitchen, Mr. Norton? Come on out and get some rest, both of you! I’ll take care of dinner!” With that, Delilah shoved the two of them out of the kitchen. 
Selena shot her a helpless glance before limping toward the living room. 
Larry stepped forward to hold her steady, much to Delilah’s delight. 
She had heard about what happened during the day as well as Larry’s character. He hasn’t laid a finger on another woman ever since his wife died in a car accident, and yet he carried Selena all the way to the clinic and back home… I rescued Selena from the riverbank, and she clearly isn’t from around
these parts… Could it be that they knew each other before she ended up here? I have long since treated Selena like my own daughter, what would Lucius and I do if she were to leave me someday? 
Delilah frowned at the thought of that and looked at the two of them worriedly. 
“Mr. Norton, I don’t know the answer to this question. Could you teach me?” Lucius asked as he walked up to Larry, much to Selena’s surprise. 
He went to Larry for help instead of me? 
Larry found his heart melting at how adorable Lucius looked. 
“All right, let me see…” He picked Lucius up and sat him down on the sofa before he carried on explaining, “This question is actually very simple. All we have to do is break it down and…” 
Selena found herself grinning happily when she saw how serious the two of them looked. This heartwarming atmosphere… Isn’t this exactly what I’ve been searching for all this while? 
“Dinner’s ready!” Delilah shouted as she served up the food. 
“Let me help you, Ms. Young!” Selena was about to stand up when Larry sat her back down on the sofa. 
“You stay here and rest that leg of yours. I’ll help her out instead.” With that, he turned around and went into the kitchen while Selena sat there with her face burning bright red. 
“I’m sorry we aren’t able to whip up anything fancy in this little village of ours, Mr. Norton. I hope you’re okay with these simple dishes,” Delilah said softly. 
“Don’t worry about it, Ms. Young. This is exactly how I like my meals,” Larry replied with a smile.
“How about you become my dad, Mr. Norton?” Lucius couldn’t help but ask as he really liked Larry a lot. 
Delilah and Selena were both frozen in shock when they heard that. 
What on earth has gotten into this boy? How could he ask such a tactless question? 
“What are you saying, Lucius? Hurry up and finish your food!” Selena gave the boy a gentle kick under the table. 
Realizing his mistake, Lucius kept his head low and carried on eating. 
“I’m okay with it if your mommy is,” Larry said softly while casting Selena a glance. 
Lucius had explained to him earlier that Selena wasn’t his biological mother, and that he was merely adopted by Delilah a few years ago. Larry was furious when he heard him call Selena ‘Mom’ earlier, but after giving it some thought, he realized that the boy was too old to have been her child anyway.
###Chapter 1873
Chapter 1873 
Chapter 1873 Wash My Face For Me 
“Do you mean it, Mr. Norton?” Lucius’ eyes lit up with excitement as he looked up at Larry. 
Delilah too, put down her knife and fork and waited for Larry to respond. However, Larry kept quiet when he noticed the awkward yet expectant look on Selena’s face. She probably needs a bit more time to truly accept me… 
A hint of sadness and disappointment flashed past Selena’s eyes when she heard no response from him. He probably just said that as a joke to liven things up a little… Gosh, what was I thinking? There’s no way we’d have anything going on between us when we’ve just met! 
With that in mind, she shook her head and continued eating, pretending nothing ever happened. 
“Yes, I do, but your mommy doesn’t seem willing to marry me.” Larry glanced at Selena with a sad look in his eyes. 
I don’t know why Joan lost her memories, but I’m willing to stay by her side until she regains them! 
Selena choked and spat her food onto Larry’s face when she heard that. The entire place fell silent instantly as Delilah and Lucius were both shocked speechless. 
“Uh… I’m done eating, so I’ll be heading back to my room now!” Delilah broke the silence moments later. 
“Me too!” Lucius ran off as well, leaving Larry and Selena by the dinner table.
“I… I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to…” Selena rushed to his side and began wiping his face with a paper towel. 
Her hands trembled a little when she saw Larry staring at her affectionately. 
“U-Uh… Sorry, Mr. Norton… Maybe you should wash your face instead…” 
I’ll start blushing again if he keeps staring at me like this! 
“Okay, you can wash it for me,” Larry said softly, and Selena found herself speechless once again. 
What the hell? Why would he ask me to help wash his face? Before she could even say anything to refuse his request, Larry had grabbed her by the arm and began dragging her toward the bathroom. 
“Wash my face for me,” he repeated himself. 
Selena was hesitant at how awkward it felt, but it was indeed her fault that his face was all dirty. Eventually, she grabbed a towel from the side and wetted it slightly before wiping his face down. 
Noticing that she had to get on her tiptoes because of how tall he was, Larry bent his knees slightly to make things easier for her. 
Selena was very focused on getting every inch of his face cleaned up and she would wipe each spot a few times before moving on to the next one. 
According to Ms. Young, the people from the city are very particular about their hygiene… 
Larry found himself losing control when he saw the familiar look in her eyes and picked up her scent that he knew all too well. He deliberately leaned in closer to her, and Selena paused for a moment before continuing what she was doing.
Perhaps it had been too long since he had her in his arms, he lost his reason and he wrapped his arm around her waist, causing her to look up at him shyly in response. 
The next thing she knew, Larry planted a light kiss on her lips. He saw that she had her eyes closed and seemed to be enjoying it. 
Selena didn’t even know why she let him kiss her, but Larry was able to feel all of her love for him in that kiss. 
Ring! Ring! Ring! 
The little moment they had was interrupted by the sound of Selena’s phone ringing in the living room. She quickly opened her eyes and ran out of the bathroom to answer the call. 
“Selena, I need you to come in for work earlier tomorrow. It’s going to be a busy day.” Freya’s voice sounded really cold. 
Oh, boy… I wonder what Ms. Brooks is up to this time… 
Selena let out a helpless sigh as she hung up the phone. 
“What’s wrong?” Larry slowly walked up to her. 
“It’s nothing, I was just told to go to work earlier tomorrow,” Selena replied softly. 
Oh, that’s right, Lucius told me about this… She works as a cashier in a supermarket and is often bullied… Looks like I’ll have to make a trip to the supermarket tomorrow… 
Larry clenched his fists tightly at the thought of that.
###Chapter 1874
Chapter 1874 
Chapter 1874 You Are The One Who Should Be Fired 
Selena had left the house very early the next morning. Lucius had left for school while Delilah attended to her plants in the garden, so Larry was all by himself in the house. 
Ms. Young has been treating me like family ever since we had dinner last night because she knows Selena and I have feelings for each other. On top of that, Lucius seems to really like me too… 
With that in mind, Larry glanced at his watch and smiled in satisfaction before heading out. 
“Oh, my! Welcome, Mr. Norton! What brings you all the way here?” One of the department leaders greeted Larry the moment he saw him. 
As the manager wasn’t in at the moment, Larry had no choice but to settle for the department leaders instead. 
“Business seems to be booming, eh?” Larry said sarcastically. 
Unsure of what Larry was implying, the department leader had no choice but to go along with it. 
“It’s all right, I guess…” he said with a nod. 
“How about the way you department leaders treat your employees, then? I am a firm believer in treating employees with great respect, and I would be more than happy to take over the management here,” Larry continued, his words startling the department leaders almost instantly. 
Given his resources, we’d lose our jobs for sure if he were to take charge here!
“Rest assured that we’re very respectful toward our employees, Mr. Norton!” the department leader quickly explained, only to have Larry sneer at him in response. 
“What the hell is your problem, Selena? Didn’t I tell you to sort all of this out yesterday? Why is everything in a mess now, huh?” Freya was heard picking on Selena who could only keep her head low and pout in response. 
“So, this is what you mean by being respectful?” Larry growled at them, causing them to sweat and tremble all over. 
“S-She’s new here and d-doesn’t know what she’s doing, Mr. Norton. I-I’ll be sure to lecture her about this later on!” one of the department leaders stammered nervously. 
“Don’t bother, I’ll take care of this myself,” Larry said as he made his way toward them. 
“Selena wasn’t the one who put these here yesterday, Ms. Brooks!” 
“Yeah! You put them here yourself!” 
“Shut up, all of you! One more word out of you and you’re fired!” Freya shouted. 
“You’re the one who should be fired!” Larry said coldly, gaining the attention of everyone around him instantly. 
Why is he here? What’s he going to do? 
Selena thought to herself as she stared at him in surprise and confusion. 
As for Freya, she broke into a sweet smile when she saw Larry. 
“Hello there, sir! What would you like to buy?” she asked in a gentle and somewhat shy voice.
The other employees pursed their lips in disgust when they saw her sudden change in behavior. 
“Oh, I’m not here to buy your stuff. I’m here to buy your supermarket,” Larry said calmly, shocking everyone around him once again. 
That has got to be the sexiest thing I’ve ever heard a man say! 
“A-About that… P-Please reconsider your decision, Mr. Norton… I… I’ll be sure to give her a good lecture, so… R-Rest assured that we’ll change the way we do things here starting tomorrow and treat our employees with the utmost respect!” one of the department leaders stammered as he came running over. 
This supermarket is the only one in the entire village… the manager is bound to flip if he finds out that it’s been acquired by someone else! I’d lose my job for sure! 
“Is that so? But I just witnessed a supervisor scolding an employee in front of everyone, though. That didn’t look very respectful if you ask me.” Larry shot Freya a cold glare, causing her to take a few steps back in fear. 
“Yes, Mr. Norton! Absolutely! Feel free to drop by for an inspection if you don’t believe me!” the department leader reassured him.
###Chapter 1875
Chapter 1875 
Chapter 1875 I Will Believe You This One Time 
With that being said, should Larry insisted on acquiring the supermarket, it would be deemed as going a little overboard. 
“All right, I’ll believe you this one time,” he said while walking up to Selena. 
Selena felt a warm sensation in her heart when she looked at him. 
Was he standing up for me? 
“You silly girl… Make sure to tell me about these things next time, okay? I’ll make sure to keep you safe.” Larry gently ran his hands through her hair. 
If I can’t remind her of the past, then I’ll just start over with her. 
“Wow! Selena, is he your boyfriend?” 
“You sure did a great job at keeping it a secret!” 
A few of the employees asked Selena nosily while Freya glared at her from the side, her eyes filled with rage and hatred and her fists tightly clenched. 
Damn you, Selena… What have you ever done to deserve a man this great? 
“No, listen to me, I…” 
“I’ll treat all of you to a meal someday, okay?” Larry placed an arm around Selena’s shoulder as he cut her off, sending the girls into another fit of excited screams.
Seeing how everyone was looking at them with envy and admiration, Selena hurriedly dragged Larry out of the supermarket. 
“What are you doing here, Mr. Norton? Hurry up and go home!” she said anxiously. 
Jeez, why is she trying to hide the fact that she’s happy to see me? This isn’t like Joan at all! 
Larry held her by the hand and looked her in the eye as he said, “I won’t let anyone bully you.” 
That was the sweetest and most touching thing Selena had heard so far. 
“All right, I’ll be heading back now. Just give me a call if anything happens.” Larry gave her a pat on the head before walking off. 
What is this… Why am I feeling so reluctant to part with him? D*mn it, what on earth has gotten into me? 
Selena gave herself a smack on the head to snap herself out of it. 
“Are you missing him already, Selena? You could just take the rest of the day off, you know?” 
“Yeah! Going on dates is just as important, after all!” 
“That’s enough, you guys! Come on, back to work!” Selena turned around and waved at the few women who had followed her out. 
“What do you girls think you’re doing? Get back to work or you’ll be getting a pay cut!” Freya shouted at them from inside. 
The employees knew better than to make her mad, so they quickly returned to their posts upon hearing that.
“Freya, I know you’re very young and hardworking, but… Sometimes you just have to ease up on your subordinates a little. This supermarket belongs to the village, and we can’t let it fall into some outsider’s hands…” The department leaders lectured her after summoning her to their office. 
These department leaders are well-aware of how I bully Selena, but they’ve always turned a blind eye to my actions… I can’t believe she would have a man like that stand up for her! Damn you, Selena… Just you wait, I’ll definitely destroy you someday! 
Freya thought to herself angrily when she spotted Selena upon stepping out of the office. 
It was soon nightfall, and the family was gathered around at home once again. Selena couldn’t help but wonder why Larry chose to stick around. 
“Grandma, Mom, the school has a parent-teacher conference tomorrow!” Lucius said while looking at both Delilah and Selena. 
He knew Delilah would be busy in the garden, and Selena had to go to work at the supermarket. 
Both of them placed their cutlery down and exchanged helpless glances with each other. 
The flowers in the garden couldn’t be left unattended even for a day, and Selena would not be able to take the day off on such short notice either. 
“I can go with you, Lucius!” Larry gave the boy an affectionate pinch on the cheek. 
“Really, Dad? You’ll attend it with me?” Lucius looked at him excitedly. 
Selena’s jaw dropped in shock when she heard that, much to Delilah’s amusement as she watched from the side.
###Chapter 1876
Chapter 1876 
Chapter 1876 Your Husband Is So Handsome 
“Of course, silly! Your mom is busy, so it’s only natural that I go with you as your dad!” Larry ruffled Lucius’s hair playfully as he said that, and Selena couldn’t help but feel something off about their little exchange. 
Why is he playing along with Lucius calling him “Dad?” We’ve only shared a kiss so far! 
“Lucius, you’re supposed to call him ‘Mr. Norton’, remember?” Selena reminded him. 
“Oh, don’t be so shy, Mom! It’s only a matter of time before I call him ‘Dad’ anyway!” Lucius said and pulled a face at Selena. 
“Look at him, Ms. Young!” Selena turned to Delilah for help. 
“Well… I, uh… I’m done eating here, so I’m going to head back to my room now…” Delilah stood up and made her way toward her room while Larry and Lucius high-fived each other. 
Lucius brought Larry to school the next day, feeling proud to have such a handsome dad. 
“Who is he, Lucius?” one of his friends asked curiously. 
“He’s my dad!” Lucius patted himself proudly on the chest. 
“Whoa… Hey, guys! Come check it out! Lucius’ dad is here!” 
Just like that, the two of them were surrounded by the entire class within seconds. 
“His dad is so handsome!”
“You’re so lucky to have such a cool dad, Lucius!” 
“I thought his dad went missing?” 
The entire class was in an uproar, and Lucius no longer felt inferior for not having a father. 
“Huh… Lucius, why aren’t your mom and grandma here?” The homeroom teacher frowned at him unhappily. 
“My dad is here, teacher!” Lucius replied loudly and proudly, much to the homeroom teacher’s confusion. 
Ever since Lucius started school here, Ms. Young had specifically warned me against mentioning his dad in front of him, and yet… 
“Look, teacher! This is my dad!” Lucius said while pointing at Larry who was standing next to him. 
Larry nodded at the teacher politely in response, and she immediately understood what was going on. 
Lucius was extremely happy throughout the entire day, much to Larry’s relief. When it was time to leave, a lot of the students and their parents requested to take a picture with Larry. Being Lucius’ dad, Larry had no reason to refuse their requests. 
“Oh, my God! Your husband is so handsome, Selena!” One of the colleagues exclaimed upon returning to work from the parent-teacher conference. 
Selena froze. Husband? What husband? I’m not even married! 
“What are you saying? I’m not even married yet!” she whispered awkwardly in response. 
Despite what she said, her head was instantly filled with images of Larry when she heard that.
“Oh, don’t bother trying to hide it! Your son Lucius has been telling the entire school about his dad!” her colleague said with a chuckle. 
Of course, she wasn’t being sarcastic and was genuinely happy for Selena. 
That was when Selena understood what had happened. She’s probably referring to Larry who attended the parent-teacher conference with Lucius today… Looks like he’s gained quite a lot of attention… How am I going to explain my way out of this now? 
“All right, I’ll cover for you, so you can head on home now. I took half the day off, so I gotta make up for it.” The colleague gave her a pat on the shoulder and motioned at her to seize the opportunity. 
Selena flashed her an awkward smile in response and was about to leave when her phone started ringing. 
Ring! Ring! Ring! 
She checked the caller ID and saw that it was Larry calling. 
“Hello, Mr. Norton.” 
“Where are you right now?” Larry sounded a little anxious. 
“I’m on my way home from work. Why?” Selena tried to make herself sound as calm as possible. 
“I’ll go pick you up.” 
“Hey, you don’t have to! I’ll be home soon!” Selena was quick to reject his offer, but Larry simply hung up on her and ran out of the school. 
“Mr. Norton, my mom loves strawberry-flavored lollipops!” Lucius called out to him from behind.
Hmm, maybe having Lucius around isn’t too bad after all! Larry’s lips formed a gentle smile at the thought of that.
###Chapter 1877
Chapter 1877 
Chapter 1877 Could This Guy Be My Rival 
It wasn’t long before the two of them passed Selena by on the road, and she felt incredibly awkward as she didn’t know what to say to him. 
“Uh… Thanks for attending the parent-teacher conference on my behalf today.” Selena thanked Larry softly without even looking at him. 
I mustn’t look him in the eyes, or I’ll lose myself in them! 
“Oh, no need to thank me. I’m just doing my job,” Larry said with a chuckle. 
Selena paused for a brief moment before regaining her composure. 
How is this his job when he’s not even Lucius’ dad? She thought to herself while kicking the stones by the roadside. 
Growl… 
Selena’s stomach growled all of a sudden, and she went bright red with embarrassment on the spot. 
D*mn it, why did my stomach have to ruin a perfect moment like that? This is so embarrassing! I wish the ground would just open up and swallow me whole right now! 
“Here you go!” Larry handed her a strawberry-flavored lollipop, much to her surprise. 
How did he know that I like strawberry-flavored lollipops?
Selena took the lollipop over and began peeling the wrapper off without saying a word. All she wanted was to stuff it into her mouth as quickly as possible and stop her stomach from growling any further. 
The two of them then carried on walking side by side in complete silence. 
“Selena!” Larry called out and grabbed her by the arm all of a sudden. 
Selena turned around slowly and blinked anxiously as she asked, “W-What is it?” 
“What do you think?” Larry got straight to the point. 
I’m sure she has feelings for me too. She just can’t bring herself to accept my love, that’s all! It’s either that, or she’s holding herself back because of Lucius or Ms. Young. 
“W-What… What do you mean by that?” Selena continued to pretend she didn’t understand him. 
Larry looked her in the eye and said seriously, “I’m pretty sure you already know this by now, but I’m just going to say it anyway. I like you, Selena.” 
The sudden confession hit her like a bolt from the blue, as it was her first time falling for a guy that she had known for less than a month. 
“What about you? What do you think about me? Are you willing to be my girlfriend?” Larry held her hand tightly. 
“I…” 
Selena was dying to say yes to him, but her reserved nature caused her to hesitate anyway. 
“I am…” 
“Selena!” A familiar voice cut her off before she could finish.
“Selena, Mr. Norton, what are you two doing here?” Kevin asked while panting heavily. 
“Oh, we just happened to run into each other!” Selena replied. 
Larry shifted his gaze between the two of them and wondered why Selena chose to lie. I made it very clear that I came to pick her up! Why would she lie about it? 
“Oh, I see… I heard you got hurt, Selena! Are you all right?” Kevin asked while eyeing her from head to toe. 
“I’m fine, don’t worry about me!” Selena gave herself an awkward pat on the chest. 
Larry’s frown deepened as he observed the interaction between the two. 
C-Could this guy be my rival? 
He was staring at Kevin suspiciously, but Kevin kept his eyes fixated on Selena the whole time and ignored him completely. 
“It’s getting late, we should head home now,” Larry spoke up all of a sudden. 
“Huh? Oh, right! It really is getting late! We’ll be on our way now, Kevin!” Selena said as she gave him a light pat on the shoulder. 
I can’t believe she touched him! 
Larry pursed his lips and called out to her from behind, “Hey!” 
Selena jumped in shock and turned around to look at him. 
“That guy earlier… How are you two related?” Larry asked her cautiously.
Selena hesitated on how she should reply to him. Should I tell him that Kevin used to court me and that I rejected him in the end? Hmm… I guess there’s no need to…
###Chapter 1878
Chapter 1878 
Chapter 1878 Dad Is A Very Busy Man 
“He’s just some guy that helps Ms. Young out at the garden. She likes him a lot,” Selena replied softly. 
Larry glared at Kevin, who was behind him with a hint of jealousy in his eyes. 
“Starting tomorrow, I’ll go help out in the garden too.” 
“That simply won’t do, Mr. Norton! You should just stay home and rest! I can manage the garden by myself!” Delilah tried to talk him out of it when she heard what he said. 
She had noticed something off about him the moment he stepped through the door, and she turned out to be right about it. 
“Ms. Young, I’ll be the one to help you with your flowers from now on, so you don’t need anybody else.” Larry looked straight at her with a serious expression on his face. 
Delilah wasn’t sure why he would say such a thing all of a sudden, but she knew he must’ve had his reasons for it. 
“B-But you’re the p-president of Norton Corporation, so you must be really busy with work every day…” Delilah stammered. 
“I meant during my stay here,” Larry added. 
Delilah stared at him in confusion, unsure of what to do. The president of a huge company helping me out in my garden? I bet the entire village would be famous if word were to get out about it!
As the sky grew dark, Larry smiled gladly at the sight of his handiwork while Delilah stood beside him with an awkward look on her face. 
The two of them left the garden shortly after with Delilah thanking Larry for his help, but he simply responded by saying, “I’m just doing my job.” 
Not knowing how to respond to that, Delilah kept quiet and carried on walking. 
“Grandma! Dad! You’re back!” Lucius came running out of the house. 
Delilah paused for a brief moment when she heard that, but was quick to regain her composure. 
I can’t believe this kid is just calling him ‘Dad’ like it’s the most natural thing in the world! 
“Lucius! What did I tell you? You’re supposed to call him ‘Mr. Norton’!” Selena shouted at him from the kitchen. 
Larry ran inside when he heard her voice and pushed her aside. “Why are you making dinner again? Get out of the kitchen, and get some rest. I’ll take it from here.” 
Selena smiled when she saw how experienced Larry was at cooking. It’s like I’ve gotten used to everything he does for me… 
Noticing how Selena was staring at Larry with a lovestruck expression on her face, Delilah walked up to her and gave her a gentle pat on the shoulder. 
“So, what do you think about him?” 
Hearing that made Selena feel awkward instantly. 
It’s true that I like him, but I don’t believe in love at first sight… The only thing one could possibly love about someone at first sight is their physical appearance, and we all know physical appearances fade
over time. What’s to say he won’t get disgusted and leave when I become old and ugly one day? 
“I don’t know…” Selena lowered her head and seemed to be in a dilemma. 
Delilah immediately understood what she was going through when she saw her reaction. It’s obvious that she likes him! She wouldn’t be hesitating like this if she doesn’t! 
“All right, dinner’s ready! Come try out my cooking!” Larry called out with a smile as he served up the food. 
“Whoa! Dad, this smells great! Will you make dinner for me every day?” Lucius asked innocently. 
Selena gave the boy a gentle nudge and said softly, “Dad’s a very busy man, Lucius!” 
Both Delilah and Larry froze in shock upon hearing that, and it felt like time had stopped as everyone fell silent. 
“Mom… What did you just say?” Lucius eyed Selena suspiciously. 
Realizing she had misspoken, Selena quickly placed a chunk of steak onto Lucius’ plate as she explained, “I said Mr. Norton is really busy, now hurry up and eat your food!” 
Damn it, I must be losing my mind! Why did I even say the word “Dad?” 
Selena frowned at the thought of that. 
After dinner, Delilah and Lucius were sitting on the sofa and watching some TV while Selena was applying her ointment in her room. Larry walked up to her and snatched the tube of ointment from her as he said, “I’ll help you.” 
Selena simply sat there and stared at him with a sweet and relieved smile on her face.
Ring! Ring! Ring! 
Larry checked the caller ID and answered the phone when he saw that it was Caspian calling. 
“Hello? When will you be returning, Larry? Those shareholders are going to stir up trouble again if you don’t come back soon!”
###Chapter 1879
Chapter 1879 
Chapter 1879 She Never Changes 
Larry knew the shareholders would cause trouble, so he had been planning his return the whole time. From what I’ve observed throughout the past few days, Ms. Young’s flowers seem to be doing just fine, so I guess I could head back tomorrow… 
With that in mind, Larry said, “Got it, I’ll head back tomorrow.” 
Selena was surprised to hear what he said, and the gleam in her eyes turned dull as she felt somewhat disappointed. 
Should I at least hold a farewell party for him or something? 
“I’ll be heading back tomorrow, Selena…” Larry stared longingly at her, feeling reluctant to leave. 
“Yeah…” Selena lowered her gaze to avoid his. 
“W-Will you come with me?” Larry held her hand tightly, catching her off guard. 
Is he seriously asking me to go live with him? 
“I… I’ve got work tomorrow…” Selena said awkwardly while scratching the back of her head, much to Larry’s relief as she didn’t reject him directly. 
“That’s no problem, Mom! Just take some days off or something! Besides, given how rich Dad is, you could even quit your job!” Lucius showed up at the door all of a sudden. 
Larry looked at him and gave him a thumbs up in response.
Gosh, I love how kind and straightforward this kid is! 
Selena stared at the two of them and felt that there was something off about their interactions. Lucius has spent more time with me, so why is he taking Larry’s side in this? 
“For the hundredth time, Lucius… You should address him as ‘Mr. Norton’!” Selena corrected him once again. 
Lucius walked over and plopped himself down in between the two, making the three of them looked just like a normal family. A smile formed on Delilah’s face when she saw what happened while on her way to her room. 
I suppose this isn’t too bad, after all. 
Knock! Knock! Knock! Delilah got out of bed when she heard someone knocking on her door. 
“Ms. Young, may I have a little chat with you in the living room?” Larry asked politely. 
Delilah went straight to the living room without any hesitation. 
“How did you get to know Selena?” Larry observed her carefully. 
Since I’ll be leaving tomorrow, I might as well find out about it now… 
Delilah knew it was only a matter of time before he asked her about this, but she didn’t expect it to come so soon. 
“I found her by the side of the river. She was badly injured with wounds all over her body…” Delilah began recounting the incident in detail while Larry listened attentively for fear of missing out on any details.
“Selena is a good girl, so I hope you will treat her well.” Delilah shot him a hopeful look, catching him off guard. 
So she knew about it all along! 
“I’ll be honest with you here, Ms. Young. Selena’s real name is Joan Watts, and she is actually my wife,” Larry explained. 
The two then had a long conversation before returning to their respective bedrooms. 
Larry felt his heart ache a little as he stared at Selena’s sleeping form. God knows how much pain and suffering she must have been through during her time here… 
As he ran his hand gently through her hair, she grabbed it and held it tightly against her chest. She then smacked her lips and smiled as if she was having a sweet dream. 
Larry chuckled to himself in response. 
She never changes, does she? 
“Are you really leaving, Dad?” Lucius asked while clinging to his arm. 
Selena stared at him from the side, eagerly waiting for his answer. 
“I’ve got some stuff to take care of at work, so I have to head back for a bit,” Larry said while giving the boy a kiss on the forehead. 
Lucius pouted helplessly as he had taken a day off from school to spend it with Larry. 
Delilah, too, had stayed home that day just to see him off, and things were getting really awkward at the table.
Although Larry had only been living with them for a week, it was more than enough for them to see him as family. 
“Thank you, Ms. Young. Here’s to you, cheers!” Larry stood up and downed his entire glass of wine in one go. 
“Cheers!” As Delilah didn’t like alcohol, she toasted with a cup of tea instead.
###Chapter 1880
Chapter 1880 
Chapter 1880 Look Out In Front 
Larry then shifted his longing gaze toward Selena and said slowly, “Selena, if you don’t mind, you can come to my place with Lucius.” 
Selena wanted nothing more than to jump at that opportunity, but she couldn’t bring herself to leave Delilah behind all by herself. 
“No, I think I’m better off staying here. Besides, I’ve got work.” Selena looked at Delilah as she said that, much to the disappointment of Larry and Lucius. 
“You should go with Mr. Norton, Selena. There’s something I need you to do for me in the city anyway,” Delilah spoke up all of a sudden. 
Larry’s eyes lit up instantly, and he stared at Selena expectantly. Selena took one look at Delilah and understood the elder woman’s intentions right away. Ms. Young rarely sends anyone into the city, so it must be something important if she’s sending me like this… 
“You see these flowers over here? I need you to send them to a girl named Harriet. Just tell her it’s from me, and she’ll understand. Remember, you have to hand them over to her in person,” Delilah said in a very serious tone. 
Selena didn’t know who Harriet was nor how important the flowers were, but she wasn’t about to refuse a request from Delilah. 
“Mom, make sure you dress well on this trip with Dad or you’ll make him look bad!” Lucius gave her a gentle pat on the back.
Selena froze in disbelief. Did this kid just insult me? 
“It doesn’t matter how you look, because I’ll still like you all the same!” Larry wrapped his arm tightly around her shoulder. 
She brushed it off and blushed as she took a few steps back, much to Larry’s amusement. 
After saying goodbye to Delilah and Lucius, the two set off in Larry’s car. It was a very quiet drive with Selena staring out the window in silence while Larry kept his eyes on the road ahead. 
With the awkward tension rising in the car, Selena tried her best to calm herself down, only to find that she was getting a lot more anxious than before. Naturally, Larry had noticed her odd behavior and pulled over by the side of the road. 
“What’s the matter, Selena?” he asked while leaning closer toward her. 
“Huh? Oh, it’s nothing!” Selena let out an awkward chuckle. 
Larry continued inching closer toward her, making her so flustered that she found it a little difficult to breathe. 
“Then why were you trying to avoid looking at me?” he asked while blowing gently into her ear. 
Selena swallowed nervously at the sight of such a handsome face inches away from hers. 
She then pointed at the window and said, “Oh, I uh… I was just admiring the view outside the window!” 
As Larry leaned in even further, Selena closed her eyes and braced herself for the incoming kiss. 
Snap!
Selena quickly opened her eyes when she heard a sudden loud noise. She saw that he had helped buckle her seatbelt which came loose earlier. 
“What were you expecting, closing your eyes like that?” Larry asked. 
“N-Nothing! Nothing at all!” Selena stammered. 
Larry smiled mischievously and started the car once again. 
However, he had too much fun teasing her and ended up not paying attention to the road while driving. 
“Hey, Mr. Norton! Mr. Norton!” Selena shouted at him from the side, but he was too distracted to hear her. 
Seeing as they were about to crash into the car in front of them, Selena tugged on Larry’s arm in a state of panic. 
“Mr. Norton!” 
That snapped Larry out of it. “Huh? What?” 
“Look out in front!” Selena pointed frantically at the car in front of them. 
Bang! 
Both cars were overturned from the impact, and all the passengers were soon lying on the road. 
“Joan!” Larry struggled as he reached his hand out toward Selena, but she showed no response whatsoever. 
Eventually, Larry closed his eyes as his consciousness slowly faded away as well.
In the hospital, Delilah was holding Selena’s hand tightly while Lucius stared at both of them worriedly. Caspian, too, had a frazzled look on his face as he stood beside Larry.
###Chapter 1881
Chapter 1881 
Chapter 1881 Are You Going To Leave Me 
“It’s been so long now, Grandma… Why aren’t Mom and Dad awake yet?” Lucius asked with his eyes wide. 
Caspian stared at Lucius curiously and began putting the pieces together. He was shocked when he first saw Selena on the hospital bed, but he soon understood why Larry had not returned for so long. 
“Joan! Joan!” Larry’s eyes shot wide open all of a sudden. 
“Oh, my God! You’re awake, Larry!” Caspian exclaimed in relief. 
“Caspian? Where’s Joan?” Larry grabbed his arm tightly. 
A gentle smile formed on Delilah’s face when she saw that. He wakes up, and the first thing he does is call out to Joan… Looks like I won’t have to worry about Selena after all… 
“You’re finally awake, Dad! Mom’s right here!” Lucius shouted. 
Larry quickly got out of bed and made his way toward Selena. 
“It’s my fault… It’s all my fault!” Larry said in a trembling voice while running his hand gently through her hair. 
“It’s okay…” Selena slowly opened her eyes. 
It pained her to see Larry blaming himself like that. 
She then reached out and wiped the tears off his face as she said, “Don’t cry, Larry…”
Both Larry and Delilah froze in shock when they heard that. Selena had always addressed him as “Mr. Norton” instead of “Larry,” so this must means… This is Joan! Joan’s back! 
“Do you remember your name?” Larry asked anxiously. 
“Of course I do, silly! What’s the matter with you? I’m Joan Watts, duh! I remember everything now!” Joan said as she gave him a pat on the head. 
The warm sun, the gentle breeze, the faint scent of flowers, and the rapid currents of the river… 
“Thank you for everything, Ms. Young,” Joan said softly, having fully regained all of her memories from before. 
Delilah simply stared at her with a relieved and longing look in her eyes. 
“Joan!” Nancy barged right into the ward all of a sudden. 
“Hey, Nancy…” Joan called out to her weakly. 
Nancy ran straight toward her and buried her face in her chest as she wailed away. 
It was such an emotional moment that even Lucius began to tear up a little as he watched from the side. 
“Where have you been all this time, Joan? We were worried sick! W-We… We thought you were…” Nancy sniffled as she struggled to speak. 
Joan smiled at her in response and gave her a light pat on the head. 
Despite the tough front she usually puts up, she’s just a little girl deep down inside…
“I was just gone on vacation. It was a little longer than expected, but I’m back now, aren’t I?” Joan said with a chuckle. 
“Mom…” Lucius called out to her, seemingly a little depressed. 
Does Mom not want me anymore now that she’s regained her memories? His tears began to flow down his cheeks at the thought of that. 
“Come here, Lucius…” Joan reached her hand out toward the boy while Nancy and Jory watched in utter confusion. 
This is her child? Since when did she have a child this old? 
“Are you going to leave me, Mom?” Lucius asked softly while leaning his head against her side. 
Joan gave him a pinch on the cheek and looked at him, her eyes were filled with love and affection as she said, “Silly boy… You’re my son! Why would I leave you?” 
Lucius broke into a huge smile upon hearing that, much to Larry’s relief as he watched from the side. Nancy and Jory, however, were still clueless as to what was going on. 
Eventually, Nancy was unable to hold in her curiosity any longer and asked, “Joan… This boy is your child?” 
“Yeah, of course he is!” Joan replied firmly. 
Nancy stared speechlessly at Lucius, much to the amusement of everyone else who burst into laughter at how cute she looked when confused. Jory seemed to have figured it out after putting two and two together but decided to keep it to himself anyway. 
It wasn’t long before Larry and Joan were discharged from the hospital.
Since Joan had regained her memories, Larry began bugging her to go back with him, even offering to bring Delilah and Lucius along with her. However, Joan knew there was no way Delilah would leave the village in which she had spent most of her life at.
###Chapter 1882
Chapter 1882 
Chapter 1882 The Return Of Joan Watts 
“Larry… I want to stay in the village a little longer…” Joan said and waited eagerly for his response. 
The look in Larry’s eyes darkened instantly. I don’t get it… Why would she still want to go back to that village after regaining her memories? 
Joan leaned against his chest as she continued, “Ms. Young turns sixty this year, so I was thinking of celebrating her sixtieth birthday with her before coming back.” 
Larry wrapped an arm tightly around her waist and buried his face into her collarbone. Looks like Ms. Young means a lot to her… Not only is she her savior, but she’s also her mentor in life… 
“All right, I’ll go with you,” Larry replied softly, much to Joan’s surprise as she wasn’t expecting him to say that. 
After briefly discussing their plans, the two made their way toward the village. 
Larry put his most trusted assistant, Caspian, in charge of things at the company. He had faith that his remote guidance combined with Caspian’s capabilities would be enough to take care of any potential issues. 
“Mom! Dad!” Lucius was overjoyed to see Larry and Joan again. 
“Why did you two come back?” Delilah stared at them in confusion. 
Joan gave Delilah a hug as she replied, “Because we miss you two.” 
Delilah felt incredibly touched when she heard that.
“Oh, wow! Selena’s back! That’s quite a long honeymoon, don’t you think?” 
“I know, right? Selena, I can’t believe you actually ran away with a guy before you two are even married! Looks like you’re growing up a little too quickly, huh?” 
A couple of women teased her as they passed by. Having gotten used to their way of greeting others, Joan simply smiled at them in response. 
“All right, you guys head on inside. I’ll go buy us some food from the supermarket!” Joan said and ran off before Larry could even respond, unaware of the huge surprise she was in for. 
“Hey, Selena! You’re finally back! I’ve missed you so much!” 
“That’s right! Why didn’t you invite us along on that trip of yours?” 
Her colleagues surrounded her instantly, feeling excited to see her again. 
“Ahem!” Suddenly, a familiar voice came from behind, and everyone around Joan dispersed quickly when they saw Freya approaching. 
“Well, well… If it isn’t the great Selena Young… Why do you even bother coming back at all?” Freya shot Joan a disdainful glare with her arms folded. 
It took Joan every ounce of willpower she could muster to stop herself from slapping the living daylights out of her. She had been putting up with Freya back then while she was Selena, but things were different now that she was back to being Joan. 
“Why, I came back to see you, Ms. Brooks!” Joan said sarcastically. 
I don’t get it… Why on earth would the manager hire such an incompetent and unfriendly person as a supervisor?
“Heh… Don’t you try anything funny, Selena! You’d better listen to me if you want to keep this job of yours!” Freya said with an ice-cold glare in her eyes. 
Funny hearing that from someone who’s always playing the victim after bullying me countless times… Joan sneered at the thought of that. 
“Sorry, but I’m resigning from my position here, Ms. Brooks,” she said with her chin held high. 
Freya froze for a brief moment before shouting at her, “I don’t approve of this resignation!” 
Oh, wow… She’s even trying to stop me from resigning now, huh? 
“I’m afraid this isn’t for you to decide, Ms. Brooks. I’m going to hand in my resignation to the manager,” Joan said with a smile before heading straight for the manager’s office. 
Freya then ran up to Joan and stood in front of her, blocking her path to the manager’s office with a mean look in her eyes. 
“The manager isn’t in right now, so I call the shots around here!” 
Does she place herself above the department leaders in the supermarket or something? Besides, I can clearly see the manager inside his office! 
Joan thought to herself as she glanced at the manager’s office. 
“I’m heading toward the manager’s office, Ms. Brooks. Now, please step aside!”
###Chapter 1883
Chapter 1883 
Chapter 1883 Do You Really Think You Can Escape My Wrath 
Freya grabbed Joan by the arm when she tried to pass her by. 
Being the only one who had bullied Joan during her time at the supermarket, she was afraid of Joan telling on her to the manager while handing in her resignation. 
“What on earth are you trying to do, Ms. Brooks?” Joan turned around and shot her a stern glare, causing Freya’s attitude to soften up instantly. 
It was no secret that the manager was the only person in the supermarket that Freya feared. 
“I… I mean… I approve of your resignation, so you may leave now… There’s no need for you to go see the manager…” Freya whimpered. 
“What’s going on here?” The manager came out of his office upon hearing the ruckus. “Oh, Selena! Have you come to see me? Please, do come in!” 
Of course, Joan knew he was only being so nice to her because of her relationship with Delilah. 
“What? You’re going to resign? Why? Oh, I see… So, your real name is Joan Watts?” the manager exclaimed in shock. 
After listening to Joan’s lengthy explanation, the manager approved of her resignation. 
“Sir, you mustn’t let her resign!” Freya burst into the manager’s office all of a sudden. 
Whoa… Where did she find the courage to barge into the manager’s office like that? Joan stared at her curiously.
“Get out, Freya!” The manager shouted sternly. 
“But… Uncle!” Freya’s face was bright red with anxiety and awkwardness instantly. 
“Who are you calling ‘Uncle’? I’m the manager, and you’re a supervisor! Know your place!” the manager shouted angrily, much to Freya’s dismay. 
She had always done as told and kept her identity a secret to avoid special treatment from the department leaders, but they all knew she was the manager’s niece. 
“I don’t care! She cannot be allowed to resign!” Freya repeated herself. 
Joan was confused. Why is she trying so hard to stop me from leaving? Is it so she could continue bullying me? 
“Get out, now!” the manager yelled furiously. 
Seeing as he had gone livid with anger, Freya could only pout as she stepped out of the office. 
“I’m terribly sorry about this. Please excuse her rude behavior…” the manager apologized with a smile. 
“It’s okay, I understand.” Joan replied with a smile. 
The two then had a brief exchange, and Joan went home after that. 
Damn you, Selena! Do you really think you can escape my wrath simply by resigning? 
Freya had an ice-cold look in her eyes as she slammed her fist against the counter. 
“Mom, Dad, when are you two getting married?” Lucius asked innocently. 
Joan smiled and ruffled the boy’s head.
“We’re already married, silly!” 
“Oh…” Lucius lowered his gaze, seemingly disappointed at not being able to attend their wedding. 
Larry smiled in relief at seeing how happy the two of them were. Being able to find Joan is the luckiest thing that’s ever happened to me… 
Ring! Ring! Ring! 
Joan answered the phone when she saw Nancy’s name on the caller ID, only to hear her sobbing uncontrollably. 
“Joan…” 
Naturally, that scared the living daylights out of Joan. 
“What’s wrong, Nancy? Stop crying and tell me what happened!” 
As Nancy was emotionally unstable, it took her quite a long time to finally calm herself down. 
“I’m pregnant, Joan! What do I do?” she whispered softly. 
Joan rolled her eyes upon hearing that. My goodness… That’s it? What’s there to cry about being pregnant? Jeez… 
“And?” Joan asked with the most indifferent tone possible. 
“I’m pregnant, Joan! What am I going to do?” Nancy repeated her question a lot louder this time. 
Joan took a deep breath as she tried to think of how she should persuade Nancy to keep the baby.
###Chapter 1884
Chapter 1884 
Chapter 1884 Nancy Is In Trouble 
“I wonder if your mom reacted the same way when she found out she was pregnant with you…” Joan said with a playful chuckle. 
She and Nancy were so comfortable with each other that they were okay with poking fun at each other like that. 
“Oh, shut up! Look, just come see me tomorrow, okay? Honestly, why did you even go back to that village anyway? What’s so great about that place? Life is so much more convenient here in the city!” Nancy grumbled. 
Had it not been for Jory getting in the way, I would’ve stopped Joan from going back to the village the moment I found out about it! 
“There’s something very precious to me here,” Joan replied. 
Thanks to her wealthy family background, Nancy had gotten used to life in the city since she was a kid and had never once been to a village. As such, she had no idea what life was like in the countryside. 
“Ah!” Nancy was heard screaming, and what came next was the sound of the phone falling to the floor. 
“Nancy? Nancy!” Joan called out to her repeatedly, but there was no response. 
Something must’ve happened to her! 
With that in mind, Joan quickly scrolled through her list of contacts and gave Jory a call. 
“Jory, I think Nancy is in trouble!”
Jory hung up on her immediately and began making a phone call as he ran out of the office. 
“Hello? I want you to track Nancy’s phone right now!” Jory shouted, his voice filled with panic and frustration as he punched the steering wheel with all of his might. 
“Larry, I think something’s happened to Nancy! Come on, we have to hurry!” Joan tugged on his arm anxiously. 
Larry had a concerned look on his face when he saw how dark it was outside. 
“You stay here, Joan. I’ll go alone.” 
“No, I’m going with you!” Joan said determinedly. 
Knowing how stubborn she was, Larry knew there was no talking her out of it. The two of them left in a hurry after saying goodbye to Delilah and Lucius. Joan kept calling Nancy along the way, but there was no answer. 
Larry felt his heart ache when he saw the tears trickling down her face and held her hand tightly as he reassured her, “Don’t worry, Joan. Nancy’s a smart girl, so I’m sure she’ll be fine.” 
He then handed her his phone and said, “Here, give Caspian a call.” 
Joan quickly took the phone over and dialed Caspian’s number. 
“What? Nancy’s gone missing? Okay, I’ll start searching for her right away!” Caspian sprung to his feet immediately after hanging up the phone. 
Damn it, Jory! You can’t even protect your own woman? 
There was an ice-cold and vicious look in his eyes as he punched the wall next to him.
Meanwhile, Nancy was tied to a pole in a dark and cold warehouse, still unconscious from the hit to her head earlier. 
After what seemed like an eternity, she slowly opened her eyes and glanced about in an attempt to assess her surroundings. Despite the place being completely pitch-black, she could clearly tell that she wasn’t at home. 
“Hello? Is anyone there? Help me, please!” Nancy tried standing up, only to realize that both her arms and legs were completely immobile. 
“Shut up! There’s no point in screaming since there’s nobody around to hear you anyway!” A man’s voice rang in her ears all of a sudden. 
Nancy pricked her ears and paid close attention to the man’s voice as she asked, “Who are you?” 
“That’s none of your business! Hmm… So, this is the legendary Nancy Barrymore, eh? Quite a feisty one, aren’t you?” 
Nancy felt a shiver down her spine when she heard the man walking toward her. 
“Turn on the lights and show yourself, you coward!” Nancy shouted while struggling against her ropes. 
Snap! 
The lights were switched on, and Nancy was able to see the face of her kidnapper. 
However, she was unable to recognize him and had no idea who he was.
###Chapter 1885
Chapter 1885 
Chapter 1885 The Security Footage 
“I don’t know you, so why did you kidnap me?” Nancy looked at the man coldly. 
“What about me? Do you know me?” Suddenly, a woman emerged as her voice sounded across the room. 
At that moment, Nancy understood everything. 
Previously, she wanted to buy a bag she liked when she went shopping at the mall. However, right when she was about to pay for it, a woman came and snatched the bag away. Given her personality, Nancy couldn’t let this matter go. 
Not to mention, she wanted the bag first. So, she argued with the woman and got the bag in the end. Unbeknownst to her, the argument made her an enemy. 
“Was that bag nice?” The woman paced toward Nancy and stopped in front of her. 
In response, the latter glanced at her with disdain in her eyes. 
How despicable! Hiring people to kidnap me just because of a bag. 
Slap! Suddenly, the woman slapped Nancy in the face and the impact was so big that it managed to leave a red handprint on the latter’s face. 
Nancy raised her head and glared at the woman as blood dripped down the corner of her lips. Fury was residing in her eyes, but she remained looking ever-elegant like the socialite she was. 
Noticing Nancy’s disdainful look, the woman grew irritated.
“Kidnapping me just because of a bag? Do you know that this is against the law?” Nancy glared at her and gritted her teeth. 
The woman burst into laughter upon hearing her words. 
“Do I look like I care?” The woman folded her arms and pulled on Nancy’s ear. 
“So what if your man is powerful? I’m going overseas tomorrow. He can’t do sh*t.” The woman said coldly as her lips curled into a wicked smile. 
Meanwhile, Jory and Larry pulled all the strings they could to look for Nancy, but to no avail. After tracking Nancy’s phone, they found it lying in a park. Naturally, she had already been taken away by then. 
“Jory, you son of a b*tch! Nancy is your wife. And this is how you take care of her?” Caspian hurled his fist at Jory. 
Larry immediately rushed forward to stop Caspian and motioned for him to calm down. 
Watching the scene unfurled at the side, Joan quickly reminded, “Caspian, what’s important now is to look for Nancy!” 
“How can I calm down? Nancy is missing!” Caspian hugged his head as he grimaced in pain. 
Although they were divorced, Caspian’s feelings toward Nancy never changed. 
Ring! Ring! Amid Caspian’s outburst, Larry’s phone rang, and he hurriedly answered the call. 
“Mr. Norton, we found the security footage.” A man’s voice sounded from the other end of the call. 
“Okay, I’ll be there right away.” Upon hearing the good news, he hung up after replying and motioned Jory to follow him.
The group of people went to the security control room. 
Seeing them arriving in the room, a young man who was sitting in front of the computers said, “These are the security cameras in the places Nancy had walked past. You guys can take a look. Since it hasn’t been twenty-four hours, we can’t file a police report yet.” 
They stared at the screen and tried to search for the location Nancy was last seen at. 
Suddenly, Joan shouted and pointed at the screen. “There! Look at that.” 
“Enlarge it! Quick!” Caspian yelled hurriedly as he widened his eyes at the footage. 
Wearing a cap and a black mask, a man dressed in black could be seen hitting Nancy with a bat from behind before dragging her out of view. 
“Do you recognize this person?” Larry turned to Jory. The latter leaned in and shook his head after looking at the screen for a while. “No. I don’t know him.” 
Larry continued to ask, “Jory, did you offend anyone recently? Especially those that you’ve encountered in business?” 
Jory walked to the window and closed his eyes to calm himself down. Clearing his mind, he started thinking about his business partners and those companies and projects he rejected. 
“Nancy’s been kidnapped! Why are you still pretending?” With that, Caspian grew furious and was about to lunge at Jory to vent his anger. 
“Caspian!” Larry shouted, and Caspian immediately put his hands down. 
“I know you’re anxious, but we all are. Nancy is Jory’s wife, so he must be worried too.” He walked toward Caspian and tried to comfort him.
“But if he took care of Nancy, this wouldn’t have happened.” A cold glint flashed across Caspian eyes as he spoke.
###Chapter 1886
Chapter 1886 
Chapter 1886 The Search Begins 
When one’s limit was breached, they would even retort the words of a person they respected the most. 
Larry stared at Caspian, his heart aching for the latter. It seems he still loves Nancy, even after they were separated. 
Suddenly, the young man said, “The car headed Northwest. That place’s rather remote.” 
At that moment, everyone turned to the screen. 
After pondering for a while, Jory announced, “No. I’m sure that I didn’t offend anyone.” 
Although he had always been decisive and ruthless, he grew gentle ever since he married Nancy. 
The young man said, “However, there aren’t any security cameras there.” 
Upon hearing his words, Joan’s eyes dimmed. Larry uttered, “The area in Northwest is remote and the houses are rather few, so it should be easier to look for her.” 
Caspian couldn’t bear to wait any longer, so he suggested, “Right then. Let’s go, now!” 
Ever the calm man he was, Larry came up with an analysis. “Wait, Caspian. We have to lie low since no one knows why he kidnapped Nancy. If money is all he wanted, he could’ve contacted Jory. However, he didn’t, so Nancy could’ve offended someone.” 
If it’s not about money and Jory did not offend anyone… then the reason for this kidnapping could only be because of Nancy. They knew Nancy’s personality well. She was a domineering woman when it came to things she liked and the person she fancy.
In midst of the silence, Jory suggested, “Let’s split up. Mr. Norton, Caspian and I would bring one group of men each and go there from different directions.” 
Joan stood in front of Jory and insisted, “There’s a direction left. So I’ll go.” 
“I’ll do it.” Just when the others were hesitating to agree to Joan’s request, a familiar voice sounded in the room. 
“Dustin!” Jory shouted in surprise. 
“Hey, don’t worry. I’m here now.” Dustin walked toward Jory and patted the latter’s shoulder. 
Then, he went to Joan, his gaze was gentle with a hint of longing mixed in as he stared at her. Opening his arms slowly, he waited for Joan’s hug. 
The latter smiled and widened her arms to hug him. Larry’s eyes dimmed seeing them being so close to each other. 
“Why are you back?” Larry asked rudely as he pulled Joan to him and hugged her waist tightly. 
“Joan’s back, so why can’t I?” Dustin’s eyes were glued to Joan who was in Larry’s arms, all while replying to him. 
Larry glared at Dustin and clenched his fists. 
“I called him here,” Jory said. 
The moment Jory knew Joan was alive, he informed Dustin about it. 
Caspian reminded, “Alright, that’s enough. Let’s not get caught up in this matter. We have something more urgent to attend to.”
Now that there were four men, they set off in all four directions. Naturally, Joan followed Larry. 
“Joan, it’s late. Why don’t I send you back home first?” Larry looked at her with concern. 
However, Joan refused. 
Nancy was important to her. It was the same as how Caspian was to Larry. As such, she could not bring herself to do nothing when her friend was in deep waters. 
Ring! Ring! 
Suddenly, Larry’s phone rang. He took out his phone from his pocket and answered. It was Jory. “Hello? Mr. Norton, we searched everywhere. Nancy’s not here.” The man sounded anxious as he voiced the bad news. 
Soon after, Larry received calls from Caspian and Dustin. Turned out, their efforts were in vain as well. This could only mean that Nancy was in the direction that Larry and Joan were heading. Realizing this, Larry clenched his fists and furrowed his brows. 
He wasn’t afraid of getting hurt, but he didn’t want Joan to be involved, as it might get dangerous for her. 
After all, no man could accept seeing the love of his life getting hurt. 
He didn’t wish for Joan to go with him. Nonetheless, he still asked for her opinion. With a serious look, he said, “Joan, listen to me. Since Jory, Caspian, and Dustin said that they didn’t find Nancy, this must mean that she’s where we’re heading. It’ll be dangerous. Are you sure you want to go with me?”
###Chapter 1887
Chapter 1887 
Chapter 1887 Entering The Warehouse 
Without a hint of hesitation, Joan replied, “Yes.” 
She wasn’t doing this just for Nancy. It was for Larry, too. 
Despite knowing that it was dangerous, she couldn’t bring herself to leave Larry behind and return to safety. 
“Alright.” Seeing how she was determined, Larry took her hand in his and handed something to her. 
“Here. This is a taser. Use it if someone attacks you. Remember, do not show any mercy to them.” His voice was cold as he shoved the taser into Joan’s hand. 
Since they had come this far, Joan knew she couldn’t afford to show any mercy. 
Later on, they went from house to house asking the residents about Nancy while showing them her photo, but to no avail. Having searched high and low, their last ray of hope now resided in a small warehouse. The people there told them the warehouse had long since been abandoned. Thus, when Larry saw the dim lights in the warehouse, he decided to go in. 
She must be in the warehouse! 
He tightened his grip on Joan’s hand, and she knew that they had come to the right place. 
Suddenly, Joan whispered, “Ah, Larry. Wait a minute.” 
He looked at her in confusion.
“Let me make a call for safety purposes.” With that, she dialed a number and placed her phone beside her ear. 
She got straight to the point, “Hello, Caspian? There’s a warehouse here. If you guys are done with the search, come straight to us. There’s a high chance Nancy’s here.” 
However, what she didn’t know was that when the men had received their mission, they agreed to return to their original position and wait for the others to gather after finishing up their search. This was to prevent attracting unwanted attention, as their group was rather big. 
“Joan!” Larry quickly gave Joan a nudge and motioned at her not to call Caspian here. 
Seeing that, Joan hung up immediately. Although Caspian’s EQ was quite low, Joan believed he would bring some men over to help them in no time. 
Other than Larry, only two other men were with them. The others were arranged to follow Jory, Caspian, and Dustin. So, Joan was rather concerned that they wouldn’t be enough to take down the people who kidnapped Nancy. 
They started approaching the small warehouse. Right when they were about to charge into the warehouse, Larry turned around suddenly to look at Joan. 
“Joan, wait for us here and don’t come in. If we’re in danger, call for backup.” He looked at her and was firm with his instructions. 
Joan’s voice trembled as she replied, “No! Larry, I’m going with you!” 
I finally regained my memories and returned to his side. I can’t just watch as he goes into the lion’s den alone.
Larry grasped her hand and planted a kiss on her forehead. “Joan, calm down. You’re a woman, and I’ll have to protect you if you go in. With that, I can’t go all out on them. So just wait for me here, okay?” 
Joan thought his words made sense, so she agreed. He’s right, I can’t drag him down. 
“Okay. I’ll wait for you. But you must promise me that you’ll come out safely.” She gazed at Larry with a worried expression. 
God knows how many people are there in the warehouse! 
“Don’t worry.” With that, Larry went into the warehouse with the two men behind him. 
Thud! The door to the warehouse was kicked open, flinging it to the side. 
As expected, there were a few lecherous-looking men in the warehouse surrounding a pudgy man who was in the midst of molesting Nancy. 
“Who the hell are you?” One of the men stood up and walked toward Larry. 
“I’m Larry Norton,” Larry replied. 
In an instant, the men shuddered and stepped backward. Everyone knew that Larry was basically omnipotent in this city. 
“Boss, he’s Larry Norton! We can’t afford to offend him. Let’s just go.” A middle-aged man leaned in and whispered to their leader. 
The leader of the thugs gritted his teeth and looked at Nancy who was tied up at the side. Walking toward the window, he started weighing the pros and cons. 
Soon after, he lowered his voice and instructed, “See how many men they have and report back to me.”
The man hurriedly ran out of the warehouse and came back soon after. He then whispered the information to his boss’ ears. 
Only three? 
The boss scoffed inwardly. 
“Well, well. The almighty Mr. Norton only brought two men with him.” The boss curled his lips in amusement.
###Chapter 1888
Chapter 1888 
Chapter 1888 Fight 
“Interesting.” The boss rubbed his chin. 
Nancy yelled, “Release me! Let me go! Larry, quick! Run away and don’t mind me!” 
Slap! The man beside her gave her a slap across the face. 
Larry froze for a while before coming back to his senses, his usual composed expression was back on his face. 
“What do you guys want?” he asked coldly. 
“What else do we want other than money? As the saying goes, money talks.” The boss gave his answer on purpose. 
As expected, someone wanted to lay their hands on Nancy. 
With this in his mind, Larry snorted. 
“Release her immediately, and we won’t take any action. However, if you guys want to drag this out, don’t beg for our mercy later.” Larry clenched his fists and laid out his warning. 
Despite hearing that, the boss didn’t seem to be terrified. 
“What can the three of you do?” the boss scoffed and started picking on his fingers, looking at ease. 
Just then, a young man standing behind Larry shouted, “W-Who said there’s only three of us? W-We have a lot of men with us.”
In an instant, laughter filled the warehouse. 
The boss snickered, “Then why are you stuttering? Are you afraid?” 
“Stop with the bullsh*t and let her go,” Larry gritted his teeth. 
Meanwhile, Joan, who was outside the warehouse, waited anxiously for Caspian’s arrival. But after a long while, the latter was nowhere to be seen. 
Even though only five minutes had passed since Larry and his men went into the warehouse, it felt like an eternity for her. 
“I would advise you to mind your own business,” the boss warned. 
After scanning the surroundings, Larry noticed that the boss’ boldness came from the number of people on his side. 
The middle-aged man whispered, “Boss, maybe we should…” 
“Shut up! There are only three of them. What are you scared of?” The boss glared at Larry. 
It seems they aren’t going to release Nancy. Larry clenched his fists tight as he got ready to fight. 
“Shut the door!” the boss commanded. 
In an instant, the door to the warehouse was closed with a loud thud. 
“Ah!” All of a sudden, Nancy screamed at the top of her lungs. 
“You should take it as an honor that I’m touching you. How dare you bite me?” One of the men slapped Nancy, causing her cheek to become swollen almost immediately.
“Stop!” Larry shouted coldly. 
At that moment, the atmosphere turned cold as silence ensued in the warehouse. The boss’ men glared at Larry with hostility. 
“Go get him!” Once the boss gave his command, each of the men took up bats from the side and charged at Larry and his men. 
Larry turned around and leaped before hurling a kick at them. The thugs collapsed to the ground and fell unconscious. Although he was outnumbered, the bunch of untrained thugs couldn’t measure up to him. 
Bang! Just when he was about to knock out every single one of them, he was hit by a wooden bat from behind. 
He slumped to the ground. Seeing this, the thugs began swinging their bats at Larry who was on the verge of passing out from the impact. In an instant, bruises and wounds appeared all over his body. 
“Aren’t you good at fighting? Why are you not standing up?” The boss crouched in front of Larry and sneered nastily. 
Blood continued to drip out from the corner of his lips while his eyes went dull. Larry didn’t have any energy left, and he couldn’t get himself to stand up. 
“Beat him! Beat him to death!” The boss was ruthless. 
Thunk! Thunk! 
Larry curled up his body as the attacks continued to land on his body, from his head to his shoulder, to his waist, sucking out every ounce of strength he had left.
“Joan…” he murmured. 
However, no one could hear his voice, let alone his lover who he had left waiting outside. 
Seeing Larry in pain, Nancy mustered her courage and shouted, “Stop! Stop beating him! A**holes!” 
“How dare you call us names? You must be bored, right? Come, let’s have fun together.” With that, a long-haired man dragged Nancy to a corner. 
“What are you trying to do?” Nancy shot the man a cold glare. 
The long-haired man ignored her and started taking off his clothes.
###Chapter 1889
Chapter 1889 
Chapter 1889 Caspian To The Rescue 
Seeing this, anyone could have guessed what the man was trying to do. Nancy hurriedly got up, but the man pinned her down to the ground. 
“Weren’t you being all regal and mighty earlier? I’ll show you the meaning of being weak.” With that, the man reached out and started unbuttoning Nancy’s shirt. 
“Let go of me, you a**hole!” Nancy shook her head and yelled. 
Pieces by pieces, the long-haired man took off her clothes until all that was left was her camisole and safety pants. Finally, with her hope extinguished, she stopped struggling. 
Right when Nancy closed her eyes in despair, awaiting the humiliation that was about to befall her, the warehouse’s door was kicked open. 
“Stop right there, you scumbags!” Caspian stood at the entrance with a group of men behind him. 
At that moment, silence ensued in the warehouse as everyone stopped what they were doing. 
Larry was lying on the ground lifelessly while Nancy leaned against the wall with her clothes disheveled. Having seen all this, anger swirled within Caspian who was standing at the door. 
With a wave of his hand, the men behind him charged into the warehouse. He roared, “Finish them off!” 
“Larry!” Joan ran to Larry and hugged him gently. 
Larry coughed weakly as he blinked to focus on the woman before him.
“Joan…” He reached out and touched her face gently. 
In an instant, Joan’s face was smeared with Larry’s blood. 
“Larry, hang in there! Please, live for me, okay?” Looking at Larry covered in wounds, she broke down in tears. 
“You silly woman. I’m fine…” Suddenly, Larry closed his eyes and passed out. 
“Larry? Larry!” Joan hugged him and cried out in agony. 
In the meantime, Caspian went to Nancy’s side and took off his coat before draping it over her body. “Nancy, wake up! It’s me, Caspian.” 
Nancy opened her eyes slowly and saw Caspian. She called out to him weakly, “Caspian… I want to go home.” 
At that moment, Caspian’s heart ached for her and he immediately carried her out of the warehouse. 
In one of the ward at the hospital. 
Nancy and Larry were still unconscious as they lay on the beds with IV drips stuck in their veins. Tears were streaming down Joan’s cheeks as she sat beside them while Jory had a look of guilt on his face. 
Larry always had the image of an indifferent man, coupled that with being the president of a company, he had never suffered such humiliation before. Seeing how he was beaten up, Joan’s heart tightened. 
“Stop crying, Joan. It’s okay. He’ll be fine.” Dustin patted Joan’s shoulders gently. 
“Then why isn’t he waking up?” She gripped Larry’s hand and stared at him, afraid that she would miss out on any of the man’s movements.
Suddenly, Nancy yelled out in her dreams. “Don’t! Please don’t touch me! I beg of you…” 
“Nancy, wake up! Nancy!” Jory nudged her. 
Suddenly, Nancy jolted up on her bed with a thump. 
After scanning her surroundings, she leaned against Jory’s chest and burst into tears. 
She cried out when she was reminded of the traumatic experience. “Jory, I had a nightmare. Someone kidnapped me!” 
Perhaps Nancy was too loud when she awoke because Larry regained his consciousness soon after her. 
“Larry, how are you? Are you feeling okay?” Joan leaned toward him and looked at him anxiously the moment he opened his eyes. 
Larry looked at her and smiled before taking her hand in his. “Don’t worry. I’m okay.” 
Joan let out a sigh of relief. 
“Caspian.” Larry coughed as he called out to Caspian. The latter hurriedly dashed to his front. 
“Larry, don’t worry. I’ve handed the thugs over to the cops, so everything is settled,” Caspian reported. 
Larry turned to look at Joan, and she nodded in acknowledgment, proving Caspian’s words to be true. 
If Jory and Dustin didn’t come to the scene on time, Caspian could’ve dirtied his hands with the blood of the thugs. After all, no one would have been able to keep their cool when they saw the person they cared about being hurt.
###Chapter 1890
Chapter 1890 
Chapter 1890 A Talk Between Two Men 
“Good job, Caspian. As long as no one died, everything’s fine.” Larry patted Caspian’s shoulder, feeling relieved. 
Knock. Knock. 
Joan turned to look at the door, wondering who it could be. 
The door to the ward was pushed open. 
“Ms. Young!” When Joan saw who it was, she blurted in surprise. 
Larry wanted to get up from the bed, but Delilah stopped him “Don’t. Just lie down.” 
“Is everything alright?” Delilah looked at Larry in concern. 
Larry nodded and smiled. Why is Ms. Young here? 
“You young ones always lose your calm when this kind of thing happens.” Delilah pointed at the people in front of her. 
Upon hearing her words, Joan and Larry lowered their heads in embarrassment. 
Just then, the police captain came into the ward and called out to Delilah. “Aunt.” 
“Aunt, why didn’t you call me to pick you up?” The police captain had guilt written all over his face. 
Hearing that, everyone in the ward was shocked. Joan glanced at the police officer and looked at Delilah curiously. She wanted to say something but was at a loss for words.
“Come, let me introduce you. He is my nephew.” Delilah smiled. 
Turned out, Delilah had found her family not long ago, but she didn’t leave the village. Maybe it was because of her age that she didn’t want to move houses. 
“Look for his help if you guys have any problems.” With that, she tapped on her nephew’s shoulder. 
After a bit of chit-chat, everyone returned home. Before Delilah left, Larry asked her not to tell Lucius about him getting injured because he didn’t want the child to worry. 
“Promise me you won’t do this again. You scared me.” Joan pouted as she leaned against Larry’s chest. 
He caressed her hair, and his lips curled into a smile. 
Days went by quickly after the incident. The woman who ordered the thugs to kidnap Nancy was taken into custody while Larry and Nancy were discharged from the hospital. 
Everything was great, but Caspian still harbored hatred in his heart. 
Ding, ding, ding… 
Jory took out his phone and saw a familiar number on the screen. 
After answering the call, he greeted, “Hello, Caspian?” 
Caspian said coldly, “Jory, come out. I’m waiting at the restaurant in your company.” 
The way the man spoke made Jory’s heart skip a beat. 
It seems Caspian can be manly sometimes.
After hanging up, Jory took his coat and left his office. 
At the restaurant, Jory and Caspian sat in a corner in the café. The two of them sat face to face, and they both had stern expressions on their faces. 
Caspian was the one to start the conversation and he said without hesitation, “Jory, you know I don’t like to beat around the bush. So, let’s get straight to the point. I just want to ask you this. Can you protect and take care of Nancy?” 
On the way to the restaurant, Jory had guessed that Caspian had invited him out because of this. He decided not to show any weakness. 
“Caspian, it’s my fault that I didn’t protect Nancy. But, I’ll make sure that this is the last time she gets into danger.” Mustering his courage, he looked at Caspian with determination. 
He understood Caspian was doing this for the good of Nancy, so he wouldn’t think that the latter was jealous. 
Caspian digested his words and kept silent. After taking a sip of his coffee, he stared at Jory coldly as he enunciated his next words. “Jory, if there’s a second time, I’ll take Nancy back. So please remember the words you said today.” 
Jory understood Caspian’s words, so he swore to his promise in his heart. 
In the office. 
“Caspian, what’s the matter?” Larry looked at the man who had just returned with curiosity. 
It must be something big, given how Caspian’s spacing out now and then. 
“It’s nothing.” Caspian smiled awkwardly.
Seeing his reaction, Larry put down his documents and walked toward Caspian slowly. Even if the latter didn’t wish to disclose the truth, Larry knew Nancy must had something to do with it.
###Chapter 1891
Chapter 1891 
Chapter 1891 Gabriella Is Here 
“It’s okay. Nancy is fine, and that is the best silver lining there is,” said Larry while tapping Caspian’s shoulder lightly. 
Larry checked his ringing phone and picked it up immediately. 
“So, uh, Dustin asked to meet up with me,” informed Joan softly. 
Larry’s eyes dimmed upon hearing that. 
Dustin, that a**hole. He’s just like a poltergeist that won’t go away! Why did he have to come back when he already left the country? 
Larry clenched his fists tightly before he asked grimly, “And?” 
Joan knew the answer to her unspoken question when she heard Larry’s tone. 
“And nothing. I’m not going to meet him,” Joan replied firmly. 
A satisfied grin suddenly crept up on Larry’s lips. 
Not bad. This woman learned her lesson. 
He then cleared his throat a little. 
“Actually, it’s fine if you want to meet up with him,” said the man. 
This way, she won’t think that I’m petty and controlling.
Joan was dumbstruck by his . 
“Okay,” said the woman before she hung up the call. 
Beep! Beep! The busy tone was all that could be heard from the mobile phone, and Larry was a little exasperated. 
Bang! Someone suddenly flung the door open rudely. 
“Sorry, Mr. Norton. We couldn’t stop him,” informed the receptionist guiltily with her head down. 
Larry waved at the receptionist to dismiss her. 
“Lars, the employees of your company are getting more and more insolent. They won’t even let me in,” complained Gabriella in a coquettish voice that simply disgusted Larry. 
Larry merely sneered. 
“That’s because I told them to do so,” said the man mercilessly. 
Gabriella was slightly stunned, but she was quick to regain her composure. 
“How have you been, Lars? I haven’t seen you in a while,” said Gabriella gently. 
However, Larry continued reading his document, not even bothered to look at Gabriella. She was a little hurt to see how distant the man standing before her was. 
“I heard that Joan is back?” Gabriella changed the topic all of a sudden. 
Larry’s writing hand paused instantly upon hearing that question. How did she know that Joan is back? Hasn’t she been overseas all this time? At that thought, Larry glared suspiciously at the woman in front of him.
“Well, that’s great news. Congratulations,” said Gabriella through gritted teeth. 
Darn it, Joan Watts. You just won’t leave, will you? How are you still alive after falling into the river? 
Gabriella’s gaze was filled with malice and hostility. 
“That’s right. Joan is back, but we’re still searching for the culprit and the mastermind behind the incident,” Larry deliberately declared. 
Gabriella jolted in alarm. So they have been investigating the incident from all those years ago! 
Looks like getting rid of the driver was a wise decision. 
A vicious smile played on Gabriella’s lips. 
“How’ve you been lately, Gabriella?” asked Larry to test the water. 
To Gabriella, however, that was a sign of Larry caring for her. 
“Well, I went on a vacation,” replied Gabriella delightedly. 
Larry thought that something was off about that sentence. He knew Gabriella well, and it was unlikely that she would stop her wicked schemes. 
“What’s wrong, Lars? Did you miss me?” asked Gabriella. She suddenly wrapped her arms around the man’s neck. 
Instantly, Larry flung her arms away and glared at her coldly. 
Gabriella quickly tidied her clothes. 
I knew it! This man just won’t bite the bait.
Naturally, fury rose in Gabriella’s heart, and the expression she wore on her face was ever so bitter. 
Ring! Ring! 
Gabriella’s heart skipped a beat when she checked her phone screen. 
Why is he calling me all of a sudden? In an instance, Gabriella’s eyes dimmed. 
“Hello?” answered Gabriella with great uncertainty. 
“Hi. Uh, I heard that you’re back in the country. So am I. To be honest, I happen to be in a bit of a financial muck lately…” the man said slowly. 
At the end of the day, this man only ever calls me to get money! 
“We had a deal! I’ve already paid you, so don’t call me again!” howled Gabriella angrily.
###Chapter 1892
Chapter 1892 
Chapter 1892 Gabriella And Freya 
“Have you forgotten that you were the one who insisted on murdering an innocent woman?” threatened the man. 
Gabriella scoffed as her expression darkened. 
“Sorry, but that is no longer a murder case. She is back,” refuted Gabriella without holding back. 
The man was stunned upon hearing that revelation. 
“What did you say? But I saw that woman fall into the river with my own eyes!” 
A cold glint flashed across Gabriella’s eyes. 
“Since you failed at carrying out your task, why should I pay you?” growled Gabriella before she hung up the call. 
On the other end of the line, the man’s features contorted in rage. He clenched his fists and looked out the window, lost in his thoughts. 
There were times when people would abandon even their pride and honor just for money. 
“We’ve got something, Larry,” Caspian whispered to Larry abruptly. 
Larry put his files down right away, and his expression was solemn when he turned to Caspian. 
“Someone claimed to have inside knowledge of the accident back then. But he wants us to pay him in exchange for the information,” reported Caspian directly.
He finally caved, huh? Larry grinned meaningfully. 
“Pay him, but tell him that I want to see him in person. Offer him twice of what he asked for,” answered Larry firmly. 
No one in the city knew anything about the accident from all those years ago, so to make a claim that bold meant that he was no ordinary person. 
Caspian nodded before leaving. The sky was pitch black when Larry turned to the window, but a satisfied grin had shown up on his lips. 
Bring it all on! 
“What’s wrong, Larry? What are you thinking?” asked Joan while nudging Larry’s arm. 
“I was just thinking about…” said Larry, who suddenly paused. 
I better keep this a secret from her, or she might overthink it. 
Larry kissed her forehead lightly with an adoring expression, and his eyes were filled with affection. 
“How about we go home tomorrow?” asked Larry softly. 
“Yeah, let’s go back tomorrow. It’s been a while since I last saw Lucius, and I miss him so much,” replied Joan. She hugged his waist tightly as if she was worried about him suddenly vanishing into thin air again. 
“Okay, I’ll send you over tomorrow,” said Larry firmly as he looked at the woman in his arms. 
Joan was taken aback and confused at the same time. 
“Larry, aren’t you going with me?” asked Joan as she stared suspiciously at the man in front of her.
“I need to deal with some stuff over here first. But I’ll go to you as soon as everything is settled,” promised Larry before he planted a soft kiss on her cheek. 
Joan instantly looked a little down. 
As promised, Larry took Joan back to the village the very next morning. 
What he didn’t know, however, was that Gabriella was in the village at that moment as well. 
“You’re Joan’s supervisor?” scoffed Gabriella as she checked the woman out. 
Freya wouldn’t bat an eyelash even if angels visited from heaven, so a random woman from the city definitely didn’t faze her. Some women made friends based on first impressions. If they had a good feeling about that person, they would be friends. Otherwise, they would just treat the person as a stranger. 
As Freya looked at the woman in front of her, her eyes shone with distaste before she sipped some tea. 
“What do you want?” demanded Freya arrogantly. 
Her aura instantly shook Gabriella. She is nothing but a lowly supervisor from a tiny village! What is she so proud about? 
Gabriella sneered at that thought. 
Freya had already known that Selena was actually Joan and that Joan had amnesia some time ago. She was also aware that Joan’s amnesia was the reason why Delilah ended up calling her Selena. 
“I heard that you made things difficult for Joan when she was working here,” Gabriella brought the topic up deliberately as her eyes shone with amusement.
Is this woman here to help that girl get justice? 
Freya snorted while distaste remained burning in her eyes. 
“So what? Are you here to avenge her?” asked Freya, who never bothered beating around the bush.
###Chapter 1893
Chapter 1893 
Chapter 1893 Larry Stayed 
Gabriella suddenly felt like she made the right decision when she saw how straightforward the woman in front of her was. 
“Not at all. I’m actually here to help you,” replied Gabriella. 
Upon hearing that, Freya lifted her head slightly. She stared curiously at the woman in front of her because she had no idea what the latter’s agenda was. 
“I’ll be honest with you. Joan snatched my man from me, so I want her to suffer,” explained Gabriella while a hostile aura emanated from her. 
Freya figured everything out right away. 
Ah, so she’s an ally. 
Instantly, her lips curled up into a gleeful grin. 
My, oh my, Joan. You’re running out of luck. Freya clenched her fists tightly. 
“I don’t need your help,” answered Freya suddenly. 
That response stunned Gabriella. 
She truly is something else. Gabriella grinned at that thought. 
“Nothing in this world comes free. Be honest with me if you want my help. I don’t cooperate with crooks,” said Freya directly.
Gabriella’s eyes lit up instantly. 
“Hello, my name is Gabriella Ward. I used to be Joan’s BFF….” introduced Gabriella. 
The two ladies talked for quite some time before they went back home. 
And just like that, they joined forces. 
“Mom, you’re finally home!” called out Lucius as soon as Joan got out of the car, dashing right into her arms. 
Joan stroked the kid’s hair. She sounded a little apologetic when she said softly, “Good boy, I’m home.” 
“Mom, look! I won that trophy in a school competition,” shared Lucius as he pointed at the trophy on the wall. 
The expression on both Larry’s and Joan’s faces was a mixture of heartache and joy. 
“That’s amazing. My Lucius is awesome! Let’s have a celebration feast tonight!” exclaimed Joan. 
Hearing that great news, the boy jumped in excitement. 
Looking at the kid before him, Larry surprised himself when he felt the reluctance to leave. 
He checked his phone and hesitated for a moment before he hung up the call. 
“Dad, are you busy?” asked Lucius. It seemed like the boy didn’t want Larry to leave. 
“Oh, I’m not that swamped,” answered Larry with a smile. 
“Then can you stay?” asked the kid while swaying the man’s arm. 
Larry deliberated before he answered, “Well, I guess I can stay for the day.”
Disappointment flashed past Lucius’ eyes. 
That means Dad will be leaving tomorrow… 
“Grandma, you’re finally here. We were waiting for you,” said Lucius as he ran to Delilah. 
Delilah stared at the kid in puzzlement as she had no idea what he was talking about. 
“Mom said that she’s taking us to dinner tonight,” Lucius revealed with a mischievous expression. 
Delilah turned to Joan, who nodded with a smile. 
“When did you two come back? Why didn’t you call ahead? I didn’t get to make any preparations,” complained Delilah. 
“What is there to prepare? We’re a family,” replied Joan before she went to give Delilah a hug. 
Delilah was delighted as she patted Joan’s back lightly. 
Joan was willing to return to the village even after regaining her memory, and that, to Delilah, was the best gift she had ever received. 
A contented smile crept up on her face. 
“Alright, let’s go. We’ll have dinner at the restaurant on the other side of the village,” suggested Delilah while tapping Lucius’ shoulder. 
With that, the family departed happily. 
It was true when they said that no one could have the best of everything.
“Come now. Slow down. Don’t gobble up your food,” Delilah nagged in the private room while getting more food for the kid. 
“Okay, but it’s so delicious. Grandma, you should try this,” suggested Lucius. 
Joan smiled when she saw the kid eating away happily. 
Although Larry, who was sitting beside her, seemed to be in a good mood, Joan could tell that he was preoccupied because he kept checking his phone. 
Ring! Ring! Ring! Larry’s phone had been ringing time and again. 
Joan finally couldn’t hold it in anymore. 
“Larry, don’t hang up anymore. Just answer the call,” urged Joan when she saw the man’s phone vibrating.
###Chapter 1894
Chapter 1894 
Chapter 1894 Larry left 
Something serious must’ve happened for Caspian to call so relentlessly. 
Larry swept his gaze across the others before he grabbed his phone and left the private room. 
“Larry, that man is being unreasonable. He insisted on meeting you tonight,” reported Caspian anxiously. 
Shifting his gaze to the people in the private room, he landed a punch on the wall in frustration. 
Why is the timing so bad? 
“Can’t we postpone until tomorrow?” Larry lowered his voice. 
“He is persistent about meeting tonight. He said this is the only chance we have,” answered Caspian anxiously. 
“Mom, what’s wrong with Dad?” asked Lucius suddenly. 
Joan paused for a moment, but she was quick to regain her composure. 
“Be good, Lucius. Your dad is just a little busy,” coaxed Joan before she got some delicacies for the boy. 
Lucius turned gloomy while staring at Larry’s empty seat. 
“Does he have to leave tonight?” asked Lucius while staring at Joan with his big, round eyes. It was apparent that he was reluctant to part with Larry.
“Maybe, but don’t worry. He will be back to play with you as soon as he is done with work,” replied Joan with a smile. 
As expected, that sentence worked wonders, and Lucius got excited immediately. 
At that moment, Larry hung up the call and returned to the private room with a troubled look. 
Delilah broke the silence, “Mr. Norton, if there is something urgent to tend to at the office, please feel free to go.” 
Larry had been on the phone for so long that one could guess that something grave must have happened. 
With an apologetic expression, Larry turned to Joan and Lucius. 
“It’s fine, Dad. Just do whatever you need to do. Mom said that you will be back as soon as you’re done working,” Lucius persuaded. 
Larry grinned upon seeing how understanding the boy was. 
He exchanged some pleasantries with them before leaving the restaurant. Soon, only three of them were left in the private room, and silence ensued. 
“Come now, let’s eat up. Lucius, your mom took you all the way here to celebrate your victory, so you must eat more, okay?” said Delilah while grinning. 
“Okay…” 
As Delilah and Lucius were chatting away, Joan excused herself to go to the washroom. 
“Hey, Larry. It’s late, so be careful on the road, okay?” Joan reminded.
“Don’t worry. I’ll be fine.” 
The two of them hung up after talking for a while. 
For some unknown reason, Joan had been feeling uneasy ever since Larry left. Her heart was pounding fast as well. 
I must be overthinking it. Joan washed her face before existing the washroom. 
A bald drunkard with a greasy face suddenly showed up in front of her. Joan’s guard came up, and she tried to walk past him, but just as she turned, the man deliberately stumbled and fell onto Joan. 
“Hey, sir.” Joan hurried over to help the guy up. 
“Who the hell do you think you are? How dare you trip me?” howled the man. 
Joan saw how drunk the man was, so she took a deep breath, trying to avoid arguing with him. 
“Sorry, please be careful,” said Joan as she helped the man up. She planned on leaving immediately after, but the man pushed her and pinned her against the wall. 
“What are you doing?” demanded Joan cautiously as she stared at the man in front of her. 
I don’t recognize him, and I don’t think he’s from this village. 
“You tripped me, and you think you can get away with it just like that?” growled the man as he slowly got closer to Joan. 
As the man stared at the innocent-looking Joan who looked like a harmless bunny, a wicked grin crept up on his lips.
“Sir, we’re in public,” reminded Joan. 
The man merely sneered in disdain. 
“So what? It’s an honor for a secluded village like yours to have me as a guest,” replied the man before he flexed his arms and stroked his chin. “At least this trip isn’t a waste, after all. Who would’ve thought that a place like this would have such a beautiful woman?” 
Joan was tempted to slap the man across the face when she heard his repulsive words. 
“Excuse me, mister, but my son is waiting for me, and I have to go,” Joan quickly said, preparing to leave.
###Chapter 1895
Chapter 1895 
Chapter 1895 The Bald Man 
“Your son? You have a son? That’s too bad, but it’s fine. I can afford to feed both you and your son. Hahaha!” said the man. 
Joan clenched her fists as anger burned within her. 
She didn’t want to waste any time with that man, so she pushed him into the washroom with all her might. Immediately after, Joan left and walked back to the private room. 
“Why were you gone for so long? Is everything alright?” asked Delilah, who looked at Joan worriedly. 
“I’m fine. I just bumped into a weird dude,” replied Joan with a smile. 
Meanwhile, the man in the washroom was leaning against the wall. It took him some effort to stand up and walk to the reception counter. 
“What is wrong with you people? Hurry up and find her for me or I will tear this place apart!” howled the bald man. 
The manager rushed over and lowered his head humbly as the bald man reprimanded him. 
“Sir, please calm down. There is always room for discussion,” said the manager to diffuse the situation. 
“What is there to discuss? Hand her over right now, and I will let this matter go. If you don’t, then there is nothing left to discuss,” the man bellowed as he slammed his palm on the table. 
“Mom, what is all that noise out there?” asked Lucius curiously while looking at Joan.
Joan listened closely and soon realized what was going on. 
Looks like the drunkard is making a scene again. 
“I did it, so I will be responsible,” said Joan, who suddenly showed up in front of that man. 
“That’s her! Boys, take her away,” ordered the man as he pointed at Joan. 
A few subordinates rushed over and grabbed Joan’s arm. 
“Let me go! What do you think you’re doing?” demanded Joan as she struggled with a cold glint in her eyes. 
“Let go of my mom!” roared Lucius, who suddenly ran over to them. 
Slap! 
Someone slapped the kid mercilessly across his face. Lucius collapsed onto the floor and covered his cheek with his hands. His eyes seemed a little glazed over. 
“Lucius!” shouted Joan. 
“This has nothing to do with you, kid. Leave right now!” growled the bald man before he kicked Lucius. 
Spectators started gathering then. 
“Who the hell is that? I can’t believe he’d stoop so low as to hit the kid…” 
“I know, right? I don’t think he’s from our village. We don’t have unscrupulous hooligans like him.” 
The people gossiping behind the bald man were ruthless with their words.
Immediately, the bald man turned around and glared fiercely at the women before warning, “Shut your mouths if you want to remain in one piece!” 
The women backed away instantly. 
Freya was lurking in a corner, grinning in satisfaction as she witnessed everything. 
My, my, Joan. Aren’t you supposed to be very capable? I’d like to see how you’re gonna get out of this now! 
Freya was hiding behind the crowd and watching the show. 
“What are you waiting for? Take her away,” ordered the bald man impatiently. 
“Wait!” shouted Delilah all of a sudden. 
“Who said you’re allowed to take her away?” asked Delilah as she glared at the man in front of her. 
The bald man turned around and scanned Delilah from head to toe. His eyes shone with disrespect as he threw her a discriminating look before he prepared to leave. 
“What? Are you the uncouth bastard of a wh*re? Didn’t your parents teach you basic moral principles?” insulted Delilah loudly. 
Those words got everyone in the area flabbergasted. 
Everyone knew that despite being comparatively unknown, Delilah was still a respected figure in the village. 
“You think you can intimidate me? You are nothing but an old hag!” growled the bald man before he spat on the floor.
What a disrespectful man! Delilah was instantly infuriated. 
“I promise that you meet your demise today if you take her away,” threatened Delilah confidently. 
Joan was stunned while the spectators gasped. 
Delilah rarely stood up to fight, but when she did, all hell would break loose. 
The bald man turned to Delilah and scoffed as he walked toward her. Despite his menacing aura and his cold glare, Delilah remained unfazed. She even lifted her chin with a domineering expression.
###Chapter 1896
Chapter 1896 
Chapter 1896 The Secret Weapon Of Delilah Young 
This old hag has the guts to go against me in the open? 
The bald man circled Delilah a few times before taunting, “What are you going to do? Kill me? You really are funny, you old hag. How old are you? Seventy? Eighty? You can’t even walk properly anymore.” 
Delilah did not respond to his insults. Instead, she got her phone out and dialed a number. 
“I have a bit of a situation here,” said Delilah. Her conversation lasted less than two minutes. 
When the bald man saw how confident Delilah was, he grew curious and wanted to know just how much trouble an elderly woman like her could be. 
Freya, who was hiding in the corner, started panicking because she had no idea who Delilah called earlier. 
Bang! Someone kicked the door to the restaurant down. 
Over ten men walked over to Delilah respectfully. 
“Caspian?” blurted Joan in astonishment. 
“Ms. Young, Joan,” greeted Caspian. He then went for the bald man right away. 
Instantly, the bald man was overcome with fear. 
It turned out that Larry was so renowned that everyone knew his bodyguard, Caspian, as well.
“Who’s trying to kidnap my boss’ wife?” demanded Caspian. 
Everyone turned quiet as no one dared to speak up or answer his question. 
The bald man’s subordinates who were holding Joan’s arms let go of her immediately before turning to him for his help. Unfortunately, most would choose to protect only themselves when in danger. 
“Err… this is just a misunderstanding. My men were too dumb to understand my orders. I-I’ll teach them a lesson as soon as we get back,” answered the bald man to break the silence. 
The spectators scoffed. He’s blatantly lying! 
“Is that so?” questioned Caspian. He turned around and slowly approached the man’s subordinates. His gaze was as ferocious as that of a wild animal while he cracked his knuckles. 
The subordinates were so scared that they trembled uncontrollably. 
“No, that is not true. It’s his fault! He told us to grab the girl!” said one of the men before he and the others pointed at the bald man in unison. 
At a loss for words, the bald man scratched the back of his head awkwardly. 
Delilah seemed especially displeased when she saw everything playing out in front of her. We’re lucky that Larry sent Caspian over to keep us safe in case anything happened. 
“Take him away,” ordered Caspian. The men standing beside the entrance walked over to the bald man immediately. 
“No, wait. I didn’t do it on purpose. I didn’t know that she’s Mr. Norton’s wife. Please let me go just this once,” begged the bald man, who suddenly knelt down in front of Caspian. 
Right then, Joan stepped up and spoke to Caspian, who then nodded in response.
“Fine, I will let you go this one time, and only because Joan spoke on your behalf. If you ever try something like that again, I will kill you, regardless of who you’re going after!” Caspian threatened. 
Without wasting a second, the bald man and his subordinates rushed out of the restaurant as quickly as they could. 
The spectators dispersed as well, and the only ones left were Delilah, Joan, and Caspian. Someone had already taken Lucius to the clinic by then. 
“Caspian, what are you doing here?” asked Joan as she tapped the man’s shoulder. 
“Mr. Norton asked him to come over,” replied Delilah nonchalantly. 
“Seriously, Joan, just how many people are after you? They’re bullying you all the way from the big city to the small village,” teased Caspian. “Larry called me just before he went back to the office. He asked me to keep you safe and gave me Ms. Young’s number.” 
Joan suddenly felt all warm and fuzzy. Larry is so attentive and caring. 
But this incident is just a coincidence, right? 
“Alright, everything’s fine now. Thank you for dropping by. By the way, is Larry alright? I noticed that you called him a few times earlier on,” Joan asked while looking at Caspian worriedly. 
He hesitated for a moment. Given Joan’s reaction, it is likely that she doesn’t know what Larry is doing. 
“He’s fine. What could faze Larry Norton anyway? Come on, let me take both of you home,” Caspian changed the topic right away. 
“No, let’s go to the clinic. Lucius is there,” reminded Delilah.
###Chapter 1897
Chapter 1897 
Chapter 1897 Witness 
Upon hearing that, Joan jolted into action, dashing to Caspian’s car right away. 
“Hurry up, Caspian. Why are you still standing there? My son is hurt! We have to hurry!” Joan shrieked. 
Ring! Ring! Ring! 
Joan checked her phone before picking the call up. 
“Are you home yet? Is everything alright?” asked Larry in a worried tone. 
It was obvious that he didn’t know what had happened in the restaurant. 
“Yeah, it’s all good. We just finished our meal, so we are heading home now…” 
“How is my son?” asked Joan nervously while staring at the kid in front of her. 
Lucius, whose eyes were closed, was lying on the bed with dried blood at the corner of his lips. 
When he saw the injured kid, Caspian’s eyes burned with fury. 
“Joan, what happened?” asked Caspian with his fists clenched, guilt washing over his heart. 
Larry had instructed him to take care of all three of them. Yet, the kid is injured. How the f*ck am I going to explain myself to Larry? 
“Your son needs to be transferred to a better hospital. It’d be best if he could do a full body checkup. Mr. Norton sent his men over some time ago, and they gave us some equipment, but our facilities are still limited,” replied the doctor calmly.
Joan’s heart ached when she saw the terrible shape the boy was in. 
This is all my fault! Joan knocked herself on the head as hard as she could. 
“Calm down, Joan. Let’s take the kid to the hospital,” said Caspian while patting the woman’s shoulder to comfort her. 
After Joan nodded in agreement, Caspian picked the kid up and ran to his car. 
“Don’t tell Larry about this just yet, Caspian. I know that he is busy with something important lately,” instructed Joan. 
“Understood,” replied Caspian while keeping his eyes on the road. 
At that moment, dim lighting and soft music filled a café. It was already late into the night, so there weren’t many customers there. Larry sat in a rather noticeable spot inside the café as he waited for the other party’s arrival. 
It took some time before a man in a black cap finally showed up in front of Larry. 
“Hello, are you Mr. Norton?” asked the man. 
Larry stood up slowly to examine the man in front of him. 
The man had a scar on his face, which made him stand out among the crowd. 
“Yes, I am. Have a seat,” replied Larry calmly. 
“Did you bring the money?” asked the man right away. 
Looks like he is in dire need of cash. Larry sipped some coffee and stared out the window.
“No.” 
The man lost his temper instantly, and he sprang to feet while growling, “You tricked me!” 
Larry merely sneered. 
I had to rush over from the restaurant in the village, so how could I have the cash with me? 
“Calm down. I wasn’t in the city when I got the call and had to rush over from somewhere else. That’s why I don’t have the money with me,” explained Larry. 
“Then why the f*ck did you come and meet with me?” the man bellowed as he suppressed the swirling emotions within him, trying not to attract any attention to himself. 
With a grin, Larry signaled the man to have a seat so that they could have a proper chat. 
“I am a businessman, so naturally, my guard is always up. How can I be certain that you’re the culprit who caused the incident all those years ago?” 
“I am,” replied the man eagerly. 
Then, he quickly added, “No, I don’t mean that I am the culprit. I’m saying that I am the witness who saw the entire incident and caught a glimpse of the real culprit.” 
The man never actually admitted to being the culprit, but Larry didn’t think that the man was just a bystander who happened to be in the right place at the right time either. Hence, Larry asked that question to test the guy. 
Looks like I found the criminal. 
At that thought, Larry scoffed.
“How about this? Tell me what you saw in detail, and if your description is accurate, I will believe you,” said Larry to mislead the guy. 
The guy proceeded to recount everything about the incident all those years ago. He was focused and engaged. Only someone who experienced this firsthand will react this intensely when recalling the incident. Not even a witness could describe everything in such detail. 
“So? How is it? Was I right?” challenged the man proudly as he looked at Larry.
###Chapter 1898
Chapter 1898 
Chapter 1898 Hospitalized 
“Yes,” said Larry before he nodded. 
Except you don’t have any evidence! That was the most troubling bit for Larry. 
“When will I get my money?” demanded the man impatiently. 
What a money-minded fellow. On the bright side, that makes him a good bait to catch the big fish. 
“Mr. Norton, you should know that everything I said is just a small portion of what I know. There is so much more information that I can share with you,” informed the man as he tapped his fingers on the table. 
Larry knew that there had to be a mastermind pulling the strings from behind the scenes. 
“How about this? Leave your number with me. I will pay you tomorrow,” replied Larry as he shot a look over at the man. 
The man’s eyes instantly lit up. 
“You’re very decisive, Mr. Norton,” praised the man while slamming the table in delight. 
After leaving his contact details, the man adjusted his clothes and scanned his surroundings before leaving. Larry’s lips curved into a grin as he watched the man with the black cap leaving. 
Gabriella Ward, you had better not be the one behind all this or you’ll be doomed this time! 
A menacing glint flashed past Larry’s eyes.
There was a saying that all businessmen were cunning and would get quotes from different suppliers before deciding who they would cooperate with. Admittedly, there was some truth in that saying. 
“What did you just say? You went to talk to Mr. Norton?” shouted Gabriella. Her mind was in disarray as she sprang up instinctively. 
“Well, you refused to pay me, so I had to find someone else,” dissed the man. 
Bang! Gabriella landed a blow on the wall, and blood was dripping down her fingers. 
“Abide by the rules if you want to continue working in this industry. Men like you should know all about those unspoken rules,” growled Gabriella as her gaze turned cold. 
As the man scoffed, his eyes were filled with distaste. 
“Rules are made to be broken. Besides, our business deal concluded ages ago, and you have no right to stop me from working with Mr. Norton now. If you have nothing else to say, I’m hanging up,” replied the man. 
The truth was, the man didn’t want to work with Larry either. If the latter were to discover the entire truth of the incident, the former would also be in trouble. In fact, the man was only doing that to force Gabriella’s hand and get her to pay him. 
“Wait.” Gabriella finally caved, asking, “How much do you need?” 
“Two million,” answered the man directly. 
My luck has been in the dumps lately. I lost all my money gambling, and I’ve got debts to pay! 
Clenching her fists, Gabriella exuded a menacing aura.
“What the hell? Do you take me as a charity organization? I may have made some money overseas, but I worked hard for every single penny! They didn’t just fall from the sky, you know?” shouted Gabriella. 
If my family hadn’t chased me out, I wouldn’t have ended up in this wretched state! 
Anxiety started welling up inside Gabriella’s heart. 
“One and a half million,” countered the man. “I will not go any lower. We have no reason to work together if you can’t even pay that.” 
“Fine! Deal!” replied Gabriella hurriedly. 
A wicked smile showed up on the man’s lips. 
So she still has some money with her. I might be able to con even more out of her in the future. The man grinned with amusement as a devious glint flashed past his eyes. 
Gabriella hung up quickly before she grabbed her bag and headed to the ATM. 
I have to get this done immediately, but if this happens again, I will kill that man! 
Larry drove to the village as soon as he left the café. 
What he didn’t know was that Joan and the others were already in the hospital in the city. 
“How is my son?” asked Joan nervously while staring at the doctor. 
“He’s fine, but he needs to rest. Don’t let him study first for the time being,” replied the doctor. 
Delilah was starting to get anxious. Looks like the attack impacted his brain.
“Please follow me to collect his medicine,” instructed the doctor to Joan. 
Joan nodded and quickly followed him out of the room. 
“You’re his mother. How did you let a kid that young get hurt so badly? Don’t let him overexert his mind for the time being, or there will be complications in the future,” reminded the doctor as he looked at Joan solemnly.
###Chapter 1899
Chapter 1899 
Chapter 1899 Wounded 
“What complications?” asked Joan, who was tearing up a little. 
“From now on, he has to strike a balance between studying and playing. You must not let him overexert his mind, or he will develop a headache. He’ll recover eventually if he rests up, though,” replied the doctor. 
Instantly, Joan’s eyes glazed over. 
At that moment, Delilah was standing by the door. Although she couldn’t hear what the doctor said, she could tell from Joan’s expression that things were bad. 
“Mom! Don’t hurt my mom!” murmured Lucius as he shook his head with his eyes closed while lying on the bed. 
“Lucius, wake up. I’m right here,” Joan hurriedly comforted him. 
“Mom!” blurted the kid. All of a sudden, his eyes flung open, and he sprang up but quickly fell back down and closed his eyes. 
He’s having another nightmare. 
Joan held the kid’s hand tightly as regret and heartbreak filled her eyes. 
“Ms. Young,” greeted Joan in a trembling voice. 
Delilah walked to the young lady and gently stroked her hair before sighing aloud.
“It’s fine. He’ll recover,” said Delilah to offer some comfort. 
Caspian’s eyes contained a hint of sorrow, seeing the scene before him. 
“Hello, Caspian? What is going on? Didn’t I tell you to stay in the village? Why is the place empty?” asked Larry anxiously. 
Caspian hesitated for a moment but ultimately decided to tell Larry everything. After all, the former had asked the doctor about Lucius’ injuries, which turned out to be more serious than expected. 
“What? At the hospital? Wait right there,” instructed Larry before he hung up and turned his steering wheel to change course. 
Everyone in the ward had their eyes on Lucius, and nobody knew what to say. All they could do was wait for the kid to wake up. 
Bang! Someone flung the door open. 
“What happened?” demanded Larry, who dashed to the bed. 
He caressed the boy’s hair and turned to his bodyguard, growling, “Caspian!” 
“I-I arrived late, Larry,” replied Caspian with his head down. 
Larry turned to the kid before he shifted his gaze to Joan and Delilah. Both ladies had reddened eyes, and it was obvious that they were crying. 
“Joan,” said Larry. He held her tightly to try to comfort her. 
“This is all my fault. I’m the reason Lucius is so badly injured!” cried Joan, who was in Larry’s arms.
The agony Joan was in, the boy’s injury, the silence of the elderly woman… Everything was breaking Larry’s heart. 
“Calm down, Joan. Lucius will be fine. I’ll make sure of it,” promised Larry before he ran out of the room. 
“Doctor, please administer the best medicine and use the best facilities. You must heal that boy,” requested Larry in a panic. 
The doctor looked at the man standing in front of him, and the regal aura of the stranger told the doctor that the man was someone important. Hence, the doctor hesitated for a moment before finally replying, “There is a specialist who lives overseas. My recommendation is that you take the kid to him.” 
“No problem!” replied Larry right away. 
No matter where the doctor is, I will get him to treat Lucius even if it means exhausting my wealth! 
Joan turned to her ringing phone, and her eyes lit up upon seeing the caller ID. 
“Hi Joan, are you free tomorrow? Let’s meet up,” suggested Dustin. 
“Yeah, I’m free. I need to talk to you, actually,” Joan quickly replied. 
Hearing how anxious she was made Dustin feel uncomfortable. 
“What is it? Did something happen to you?” asked Dustin immediately. 
“I…” Joan choked up on her tears, but she tried to reel her emotions in. 
Dustin’s eyes dimmed on the other end of the line. She is definitely crying! The man clenched his fists tightly and prayed that he could hear Joan’s voice soon.
“Uh, let’s talk about it tomorrow,” added Joan before she hung up. 
The busy tone from the phone stunned Dustin a little, and an uneasiness overcame him. 
The next day, the morning sunrays seeped through the window and warmed the room up, but Joan still felt like she was in a freezer. The child remained unconscious on the bed, and neither Delilah nor Joan had a wink of sleep the night before. They had been staying guard beside Lucius the entire time while Larry got in touch with the expert from overseas.
###Chapter 1900
Chapter 1900 
Chapter 1900 Can Dustin Help 
“Mom, Grandma,” called out Lucius as he slowly opened his eyes. 
“Lucius!” 
Joan and Delilah yelped in surprise at the same time. 
“I’m fine. Don’t worry. After all, I’m a boy,” Lucius comforted them while forcing out a smile. 
Hearing that, Joan couldn’t hold it in anymore. She buried her head in the bed and sobbed. 
“Don’t cry, Mom. See? I’m fine,” said Lucius. He reached out to stroke Joan’s hair gently. 
Joan quickly wiped her tears away and forced out a smile before she turned to the kid on the bed. 
“You must be famished, Lucius. What would you like to have? I’ll cook for you,” Joan said softly. 
“I want the meatloaf you and Grandma make,” replied Lucius weakly. 
“Okay, no problem.” Joan quickly nodded. 
When Larry arrived at the hospital, he had the doctor reassign Lucius to the VIP room. 
That room had amazing facilities, and one could cook and do laundry in there. In fact, it was not that much different from a house. 
Lucius rested on the bed as he watched Joan and Delilah busying away. A faint grin popped up on his lips.
“Where’s Dad?” asked Lucius all of a sudden. 
“I’m here, Lucius. How are you feeling?” asked Larry, who suddenly entered the room. 
“I’m fine, Dad,” replied Lucius with a smile. 
Tears welled up in Joan’s eyes once more when she saw that there were still traces of blood at the corner of the child’s lips. 
Lucius has always been so stubborn. He refuses to admit it even when he is in pain. That was why Joan had always treasured him. 
Larry sat beside the bed and chatted with the kid while Joan and Delilah prepared the meatloaf at the side. 
That was the life Lucius had always wanted—being with his parents and grandmother. He wished for nothing more than everyone living together blissfully. 
“Come now. The meatloaf is ready,” announced Joan. She was quick to place a serving right in front of Lucius. 
“Can we eat together?” asked Lucius eagerly as he stared at the three of them. 
“Yeah, let’s eat together,” replied Larry, who went and got himself a serving as well. 
The three adults sat beside Lucius and ate away. The atmosphere was so joyous that it was as though they weren’t in the hospital but at home instead. 
Later on, Joan seemed a little uneasy as she waited in the corner of a restaurant with dim lighting. 
“Joan, what got you here so early?” asked Dustin in puzzlement as he stared at the woman in front of him.
“Oh, I’m free today, so I came earlier,” replied Joan while grinning awkwardly. 
Dustin could tell exactly how Joan was feeling at that moment. 
“Joan, if you trust me, feel free to share your problem with me,” said Dustin with a sincere look on his face. 
He noticed her dark eye circles and pale face, and he would never believe it even if she said that she was fine. 
“Then I’ll be frank with you, Dustin. Someone gave Lucius a hard slap earlier, which damaged his brain. According to the doctor, all we can do now is let him recuperate,” replied Joan. 
Dustin learned all about Joan’s life in the village from Nancy, so he knew just how important Lucius was to Joan. 
“How about this? I’ll go examine him now, and if things really are out of hand, we’ll take him overseas to receive treatment,” suggested Dustin determinedly. 
Joan instantly sighed a breath of relief upon seeing Dustin’s serious and worried expression. 
As a doctor himself, he definitely knows a lot of good local doctors as well as international ones. So he should be able to help, right? Clenching her fists, Joan’s eyes shone with anticipation when she looked at Dustin. 
The two of them arrived at the hospital soon after. 
Dustin went to talk to Lucius’ doctor right away to better understand the boy’s condition. As expected, the local medical equipment and resources were limited, so they had difficulty treating Lucius. Dustin fished his phone out of his pocket right away and made a call.
Half an hour later, when he went to the boy’s room, a hint of sadness crept up on his face upon seeing the tiny figure on the bed. 
“Ms. Young,” greeted Dustin. 
Previously, Dustin met Delilah when Larry was injured and hospitalized, so they were familiar to each other. 
“Dustin, you’re here,” said Delilah in a frail voice.

###Chapter 1901
Chapter 1901 They Left 
Lucius’ condition got both Delilah and Joan so worried that they hadn’t been eating and sleeping well. As a result, they both looked haggard. 
“Don’t worry, Ms. Young. I’ve already gotten in touch with a doctor from another country. We can leave tonight,” informed Dustin while checking on the kid. 
Delilah was a little surprised as she didn’t expect the man in front of her to work that efficiently. 
“Joan, do you want to leave tonight or tomorrow?” asked Dustin softly. 
Joan immediately turned her attention to the boy on the bed. He might have a better chance of recovering if we head over earlier. 
“Let’s go today!” replied Joan firmly. 
With that, Dustin immediately bought a few air tickets. 
When Larry went to the hospital, he realized that the place was empty, and no one was around. 
“Hello, may I know where the patient staying in the room on the top floor has gone to?” asked Larry in a worried tone. 
“Oh, you mean the patient in the VIP room?” said the nurse calmly. “They got the paperwork done and left this morning. But they seemed to be in a hurry and left a lot of things behind.” 
Larry was instantly stunned.
Why didn’t anyone tell me that they were leaving the hospital? 
Larry quickly got his phone out and made a call. 
“Sorry, the number you have dialed is unreachable…” 
Both Joan’s and Delilah’s phones were turned off. 
“Hey Caspian, have you seen Joan? Or Ms. Young and Lucius?” asked Larry as soon as a connection was established. 
“Aren’t they in the hospital?” blurted Caspian. 
Immediately, Larry became panic-stricken. 
Slam! Someone kicked down the door to the doctor’s office. 
“Where are they? Where did they go?” demanded Larry as he clutched the doctor’s arm. 
“Wow, calm down. They went overseas to get treatment for the kid. Didn’t Ms. Watts tell you about it?” asked the doctor curiously. 
Larry finally understood what happened. Dustin dropped by. 
“Did a man stop by today?” interrogated Larry while glaring at the doctor. 
“Yeah. Isn’t that your friend? He seems like a professional in the medical field,” replied the doctor nonchalantly. 
Larry left the doctor’s office right away. 
Bang! He landed a blow on the wall, and blood dripped down from his fist.
Why didn’t they tell me? Larry’s gaze instantly turned cold. 
He stayed up all night for the child. He found the best doctor and the best hospital, then made all the necessary arrangements. Yet, they left without saying a word! 
“Larry!” Caspian ran over while panting for breath. 
“We just got news from the airport. Someone saw Joan, Ms. Young, Lucius, and…” Caspian trailed off. A glint of hesitation flashed past his eyes. 
“And Dustin,” said Larry through gritted teeth. 
Caspian was momentarily stunned, but he soon regained his composure. 
“I will buy the air ticket for you right away,” replied Caspian, who was fishing his phone out of his pocket. 
“There’s no need for that,” said Larry nonchalantly. There wasn’t even a hint of emotion in his voice at that moment. 
Yet, Caspian felt that Larry seemed even scarier that way. 
He knew that his boss was truly infuriated. 
“How did the investigation on the man go?” asked Larry to change the topic. 
They made a deal last night, and he agreed to pay the witness of the accident on that day. Yet, the witness suddenly ignored all of his calls and deliberately went into hiding. All that got Larry a little confused.
“There’s no progress at the moment. We tracked his phone down, but it was in a trash can,” replied Caspian. 
Looks like he was offered a better deal. 
Larry’s eyes instantly turned dimmer. 
“Focus on this guy for now. I’ve already sent his photo to you, and if I’m right, the mastermind must’ve paid him off again,” replied Larry as he narrowed his eyes and stared out the window. 
“Understood!” replied Caspian before he turned around and left. 
Joan, why didn’t you wait for me? Do you trust Dustin more than me?
###Chapter 1902
Chapter 1902 
Chapter 1902 On Foreign Soil 
Larry clenched his fists tightly. His blood oozed out of his fingers and fell onto the floor. 
“Joan, have you called Mr. Norton and told him about this?” asked Delilah when they were already on the plane. 
Joan was petrified. It turned out that she had forgotten all about it because they left in such a hurry. 
“It’s fine. I’ll let him know after we touch down,” replied Joan with a smile. 
Meanwhile, Dustin sat beside her with his eyes closed as if he was deep in thought. 
The plane landed soon after, and they got out of the plane together. Joan quickly got her phone out to call Larry. That was when she realized that her phone had been switched off. 
“Hey Joan, hurry over,” called out Dustin. 
“Coming!” replied Joan. She then quickly tossed her phone into her bag and ran over to join the rest. 
Dustin had always been efficient, and they saw the ambulance waiting by the airport’s entrance as soon as they got off the plane. 
“Dustin, it’s been a while,” said a doctor. 
“Yeah, you annoying a**hole. How dare you toss a challenge this big to us as soon as we meet again?” teased another doctor.
Dustin exchanged some pleasantries with the other doctors before saying, “Alright, alright. Drinks are on me once this is settled. Joan, Ms. Young, come on. Let’s get into the car.” 
“So, how are things?” asked Dustin. He seemed worried when he spoke to the other doctors. 
The doctors all looked troubled and exasperated. 
“We’ll be honest with you, Dustin. The kid…” One of the doctors paused mid-sentence. 
Delilah fainted instantly. 
“Ms. Young, Ms. Young!” shouted Joan. 
“Ah, no! I haven’t finished speaking. The kid’s condition is treatable. It’s treatable!” 
However, Joan and Dustin were busy helping Delilah into an empty room, so they weren’t paying attention to the doctor. 
The unconscious elderly woman was put on a saline drip as she rested on the hospital bed, and Joan couldn’t help but feel worried for her. 
“Seriously, what is wrong with you? Can’t you talk a little faster?” complained Dustin while shoving the doctor next to him. 
“I was just kidding to make the atmosphere seem less tense,” replied the doctor awkwardly as he scratched the back of his head. “Oh, come on. Fine. You don’t need to buy anything. Drinks are on me later, okay?” 
Dustin shook his head and sighed deeply. 
The medical field of the foreign country that they were in was a lot more advanced. The hospital they were staying in also had top-notch medical equipment. Moreover, Dustin’s mentor happened to be
there too. He was the best doctor in the hospital, and coincidentally, he had returned a day earlier from his trip. 
“What? Did you just say that my mentor is back?” blurted Dustin excitedly. 
“Hey, calm down. Why are you so excited? He said to let him take care of the kid,” whispered another doctor. 
Dustin’s lips instantly curved into a satisfied grin as he knew just how skilled his mentor was and that his mentor usually did not help just anyone. 
“I should visit him when I’m free,” said Dustin as he tapped on his colleague’s shoulder. 
The two doctors chatted away happily. 
Dustin believed that the child would recover soon with his mentor’s help. 
What they didn’t know, however, was that Larry was the one who requested Dustin’s mentor to treat Lucius. 
“Lucius, Lucius…” murmured Delilah on the bed. Her eyes remained closed. 
“Wake up, Ms. Young. Lucius is fine now,” Joan comforted Delilah, helping the latter wipe away the sweat on her forehead. 
Tears suddenly flowed out of the corners of Delilah’s eyes. 
Joan’s heart wrenched in pain at that sight. 
“Lucius!” blurted Delilah, who sprang up all of a sudden. She then stared at Joan in horror and shared, “Joan, I had a nightmare, and Lucius was missing.”
Joan helped Delilah wipe her tears and sweat away. 
Suppressing her emotions, the former gently stroked Delilah’s back to make her feel more comfortable. 
“Don’t worry, Ms. Young. Lucius is fine,” informed Joan. 
“Is that true? Where is Lucius? I want to go see him,” said Delilah as she got out of the bed. 
She then walked to Lucius’ room, steadying herself against the wall. Sorrow donned Delilah’s face when she saw Lucius lying on the hospital bed.
###Chapter 1903
Chapter 1903 
Chapter 1903 Murmurs At Night 
“The child has such a terrible fate. First, his parents abandoned him, and he was bullied by the other kids in the village. Now…” said Delilah between sobs. 
Joan understood how Delilah felt, so she held the latter’s hand to try to make her feel better. 
“Dustin said that his mentor is back, Ms. Young. He will treat Lucius in person, so you don’t need to worry. Lucius will be fine because Dustin’s mentor is the best doctor in this hospital,” shared Joan confidently. 
Delilah wiped her tears away immediately, and hope gleamed in her eyes. 
“Mom….” 
Joan hurried over to the bed to see how Lucius was doing. 
“Mom, where is Dad?” asked Lucius. He had forced his eyes open, but when he checked his surroundings, he saw that only his mom and grandma were with him. 
“Be good, Lucius. We’ll video call your dad right now, okay?” suggested Joan while gently stroking Lucius’ hair. 
The child seemed exhausted and could only nod. 
Joan quickly fished her phone out and opened WhatsApp to make the call. 
“Hey, Larry!” greeted Joan.
Larry, however, had a grouchy expression when he picked up the call. 
“What?” asked Larry coldly. 
Joan was a little surprised when she saw how distant Larry reacted. What happened to him? Is he angry because I went overseas without telling him beforehand? 
“Mom, are you in a fight with Dad?” asked Lucius suddenly. 
Upon hearing Lucius’ voice, Larry looked into the camera. 
“Lucius, it’s all good. I’m just a little busy. Why would we be in a fight?” replied Larry with a smile. 
He thought that he was having a private call with Joan, so his tone was off earlier. This is all her fault for not calling before she left the country. 
Gah! And she left with Dustin, of all people! 
“Dad, how are you doing? We were especially busy on the day we flew overseas, so Mom didn’t have the time to call you. Also, her phone battery went dead when we got off the plane,” Lucius explained the situation. 
He might be a kid, but he was more intuitive than others and could see through certain things, even when the adults tried to hide them from him. 
Larry grinned when he saw how understanding the kid was. 
“Good boy. I will go visit you as soon as my work is done,” Larry quickly coaxed him, his tender gaze filled with affection. 
“It’s fine, Dad. Mom and Grandma are here, so you don’t need to hurry over,” replied Lucius. He didn’t mention Dustin at all, and that got Larry delighted.
“Mr. Dustin is here with you too,” reminded Joan all of a sudden. 
At that, Larry turned a little grouchy again. 
Lucius was sitting beside Joan, and even he was exasperated with Joan at that moment. 
“We miss you so much, Dad. Mom even called out your name last night in her dreams,” teased Lucius. 
“Uh… I have to go to the washroom,” said Joan before she quickly left. 
That was so embarrassing. I had a dream last night, and all I saw was Larry’s face. I didn’t even know that I had been calling out for him the entire night until Lucius told him. 
At first, Larry assumed that Lucius was lying to make him happy, but Joan’s reaction proved that he was telling the truth. A warm and fuzzy feeling rose in his heart. 
“Don’t worry, Dad. I will keep an eye on Mom for you,” said Lucius mischievously. 
Larry was stunned, but he was quick to regain his composure. 
This little punk sure grows up fast… 
After exchanging some pleasantries, the duo ended the call. 
“Hey Mom, you can come out now. We ended the call,” announced Lucius loudly. 
Only then did Joan get out of the washroom. 
She was worried that something would happen to Lucius while he was sleeping, so she stayed overnight in the hospital room and slept on the sofa. However, she had never expected that Lucius would use a phone to record her murmurs in the middle of the night.
Joan’s face was burning red at that moment. 
“Have you deleted that recording?” asked Joan cautiously. 
“Nope. I forwarded it to Dad,” answered the kid calmly.
###Chapter 1904
Chapter 1904 
Chapter 1904 Larry Showed Up 
“Mom, Dad is here,” informed Lucius suddenly. 
Joan was slightly stunned, but she recomposed herself soon. 
“What are you talking about? Here. Eat your breakfast,” instructed Joan while putting some bread and milk in front of the child. 
All of a sudden, Larry’s voice sounded from the door. “I’m here!” 
Joan was taken aback instantly. 
Why didn’t he call ahead? 
“Dad!” greeted Lucius excitedly. 
Joan was dumbstruck for a moment there. His arrival was too sudden, so she didn’t get any breakfast for him. 
“I, uh, I’ll go buy you some breakfast now,” said Joan, who was about to leave the room. 
But Larry was quick to stop the woman and lock her in place. 
“It’s fine. We can have breakfast together. Do you mind that, Lucius?” asked Larry as he turned to look at the boy. 
“Not at all. Good luck, Dad,” replied Lucius while giving his dad a thumbs up. 
With that, they left the hospital holding hands.
“What just happened?” asked Delilah as she rubbed her eyes. 
“Nothing, Grandma. Go back to sleep,” replied Lucius softly with a grin. 
Meanwhile, in a café with dim lighting, soft music and the pleasant scent of rose filled the place. 
Joan and Larry were drinking coffee in the corner, but neither spoke. 
Joan suddenly got anxious. 
“Larry, it was a spontaneous decision to leave the country that day. Things were a little hectic, and…” explained Joan. 
Larry sipped some coffee and studied the woman in front of him carefully. It has only been a few days, but she looks like she has gone through a lot. 
“I understand,” replied Larry. His rage had dissipated by then. 
Right then, the familiar voice of a man sounded. “Joan!” 
Larry didn’t turn around because he didn’t want to see that man. 
“Morning, Dustin. Are you here to have breakfast as well? Come join us,” invited Joan with a smile. 
Dustin slowly walked to the woman’s side. Only then did he realize that Larry was there too. Instantly, his face fell. 
What is he doing here? A glint of disdain flashed past Dustin’s eyes. 
“Dustin’s mentor is Lucius’ doctor,” Joan explained to Larry, who scoffed upon hearing that.
Does this woman actually think that his mentor was there coincidentally when they arrived at the hospital? 
“Don’t worry, Joan. My mentor has already learned all about Lucius’ condition, and he will definitely cure the boy,” said Dustin while gently tapping her shoulder. 
Larry was displeased to see that. She is my wife. How dare that filthy man touch her shoulders! 
“I know, and I trust both you and your mentor,” replied Joan, quickly offering a piece of bread to Dustin. 
Grinning, he accepted the bread and started chomping on it as if bragging to Larry. Nevertheless, Larry did not utter a single word and merely drank his coffee. 
“Here, Larry. This is for you. I’ve already spread the butter for you,” offered Joan before handing Larry a piece of bread. 
Disappointment instantly flashed past Dustin’s eyes. 
Larry is still the man she loves, and she knows him in and out. Dustin acted like he didn’t notice anything and continued eating his breakfast. 
After their meal, they headed over to the hospital. 
“Mr. Norton, you’re here,” greeted Dustin’s mentor before hurrying over to shake the man’s hand. 
“Thank you for your hard work,” replied Larry with a smile. 
Joan was surprised to see how close the two of them seemed. Do they know each other? 
“Don’t worry, Mr. Norton. The child will be fine. I will do everything I can to treat him, and I won’t disappoint you,” said the doctor while smiling.
“Then I shall thank you in advance for that,” said Larry politely. 
Dustin, who was standing at the side, was confused as well. 
On the other hand, Delilah was the only one who realized what was happening right away. Larry is the dependable one at crucial moments like these. At that thought, a grin showed up on Delilah’s lips. I don’t need to worry anymore, now that Lucius is with them. 
“What is going on?” Joan murmured. 
“Silly girl. Larry was the one who got the doctor to treat Lucius,” answered Delilah, gently tapping the young lady’s head. 
Jealousy flashed past Dustin’s eyes upon hearing that. So my mentor only showed up because Larry asked him to treat Lucius? Dustin clenched his fists tightly.
###Chapter 1905
Chapter 1905 
Chapter 1905 Tumor 
The doctor exchanged some pleasantries with Larry before he walked to Lucius’ bedside. Joan got a little worried when she saw how nervous Lucius looked. 
“Don’t worry. It’ll be fine,” said Larry while holding her waist. 
Everyone was waiting anxiously by the door. Joan and Delilah were especially anxious, and the pin- drop silence in the room made the situation even more nerve-racking. 
It took some time before the doctor left the room with Lucius. Immediately, everyone gathered around the doctor and asked him endless questions. 
“Calm down. The boy has just finished undergoing all the tests, so you should take him back first so that he can rest. Can one of you come to my office with me? I’d like to discuss this in detail,” informed the doctor grimly. 
“Me. I’ll go,” said Joan right away. 
After that, Delilah and Dustin brought Lucius to his room, while Larry and Joan followed the good doctor to his office. 
Uncertainty welled up in Joan’s heart when she saw how troubled the doctor looked. 
“Has that kid been hit in the past?” asked the doctor solemnly. 
Joan was stunned. The fact was, she knew nothing about the kid’s life before she showed up in the village, and Delilah never told her about his past either. All Joan knew was that Lucius’ parents
abandoned him. 
“The thing is, doctor, the kid was abandoned by his biological parents,” replied Joan. 
The doctor lowered his head with a grim expression. It seemed like he was deep in thought. 
“I suspect that he has a tumor in his brain, and it is likely that it has been there for quite some time now. Don’t worry, though. We can definitely remove it with surgery. Naturally, all this is just my speculation. We’ll need to conduct more tests to confirm it,” informed the doctor. 
Joan almost lost it when she heard the doctor say the word “tumor.” She stumbled backward and leaned against the wall, her eyes reddened with tears. 
“Please save him. We will cooperate however we can to get him cured,” Joan pleaded tearfully. 
Larry hurried over and pulled Joan into his arms, caressing her hair gently to comfort her. 
“Please treat him however you deem fit. I really hope that you can help him. We will be eternally thankful for it,” said Larry before he bowed to the doctor. 
“Ah, Mr. Norton, don’t do that. It is my duty as a doctor to save my patient. Moreover, even if there really is a tumor in his brain, all we have to do is perform a small surgery. You don’t need to be so worried, Mrs. Norton,” said the doctor to offer some comfort. 
Larry helped Joan out of the office, wiping her tears away gently. 
“He will be fine, Joan,” promised Larry before kissing Joan’s forehead. 
But the woman in his arms couldn’t stop sobbing. 
“Larry, if anything happens to Lucius…” said Joan hesitantly.
Larry covered her mouth right away. 
“As long as I’m here, I will not let that happen.” 
Dustin was in a far corner when he saw the two of them together, and rage burned in his eyes. 
So it’s confirmed. There is actually a small tumor in Lucius’ brain. 
Meanwhile, Delilah’s eyes clouded over when she leaned against the wall in the washroom in a trance. 
“Ms. Young,” said Joan hurriedly. 
“Huh? Ah, Joan,” said Delilah, wiping her tears away as soon as she came to her senses. 
Joan knew that Delilah must feel terrible, so she held her hand tightly while putting on a brave face in an attempt to comfort her. 
“Lucius will be fine,” Joan reassured. 
Delilah nodded at the woman standing in front of her. 
The most important task at the moment was to figure out how they would tell Lucius about the surgery. 
At that moment, Larry was playing a game with Lucius in the room, and they seemed happy. 
“Dad, when will I grow up to be as strong as you?” asked Lucius. His big, round eyes shone with anticipation when he said those words. 
Larry stroked the kid’s hair and grinned. 
“Actually, Lucius, I was sick when I was a kid. I even underwent surgery back then, and that surgery was what made me so strong now,” shared Larry to mentally prepare the kid for the surgery.
###Chapter 1906
Chapter 1906 
Chapter 1906 Successful Operation 
Lucius listened with great interest as Larry told the story in an animated manner as though he was living out the character in the latter’s story. 
“Dad, why are you different before and after the operation?” Lucius asked curiously. 
Larry hesitated for a moment and then tapped his son’s forehead playfully. “I will tell you all about it after you’re fully recovered.” 
Lucius’ eyes dimmed in the next instance. 
This was actually Larry’s way of leaving suspense in his story; a hope for Lucius to hold on and look forward to. 
“Dad, when will I undergo my operation?” Lucius asked out of the blue. 
Larry was momentarily stunned but soon resumed his composure. I just wanted to paint a less scary picture for the surgical operation. I didn’t expect him to… 
“Lucius, why are you suddenly asking me this?” Larry asked while stroking his son’s hair lovingly. 
“You said you’ve become stronger after your surgery, so I want to be like you too,” Lucius answered matter-of-factly. 
Lucius’ response caught Larry by surprise. 
“So, you want to go ahead with your operation? Sure, buddy. Why don’t I arrange with the doctor?” Larry said with a wistful smile and pulled Lucius closer to him.
He is just a kid. Why does he have to suffer so much? 
At that thought, Larry’s expression grew grim. 
“Alright, Dad. I’ll go with your arrangement,” Lucius said with a bright smile. 
Lucius was not unaware of what was happening around him for the past few days. In fact, he knew precisely that his parents and grandmother were troubled by his upcoming operation. 
He had overheard a conversation between Delilah and the doctor about tumor and surgery the other day and managed to put two and two together. Instead of watching the adults trying hard to tiptoe around him, Lucius decided to save them the hardship of breaking the difficult news to him by proposing to undergo surgery himself. 
“What? Lucius said that he wanted to go through the operation?” Joan looked at Larry in disbelief. 
The man shifted his gaze from Joan to Delilah and nodded resolutely. 
“That’s because he was aware of it,” Delilah said weakly. 
After all, she knew Lucius’ personality well. He was someone who always put others before himself, and Delilah had always thought that the child was too mature for his age. 
A glint of sorrow flashed past Joan’s eyes upon hearing that. 
Soon after that, they started making arrangements for the operation. 
“You’re going to be okay, Lucius. Try to relax,” Joan comforted her child who was lying on the hospital bed before being pushed into the operating theater. 
Delilah, on the other hand, was all teary-eyed and dared not look directly at Lucius.
“Mom, please tell Grandma that I’ll be okay and ask her not to worry,” Lucius muttered to Joan in a lowered voice. 
“Mrs. Norton, we have to go into the operating theater now,” the doctor said while trying to pry away Joan’s grip on the bed railing. 
Finally, Lucius was sent into the operating theater. 
Delilah sat on the bench and buried her head in her palms, overwhelmed by anxiety and agitation. While Joan was pacing nervously up and down the corridor, Larry’s eyes were glued to the operating theater as though he might miss something important if he blinked. 
The only other adult on the scene was Dustin, whose inexplicable gaze had been studying Joan with his brows slightly furrowed. 
After what seemed like forever, the light above the operating theater was still shining bright. Delilah asked anxiously, “Joan, why is this taking so long?” 
“Soon, Ms. Young. It’ll be done soon,” Joan tried to reassure both herself and the elderly woman in a shaky voice. 
Thud! 
Finally, the light was turned off as the surgeon came out of the operating theater while wiping beads of sweat off his forehead. 
“Doctor, how’s my son?” Joan asked while holding tight onto the surgeon’s arm. 
The doctor closed his eyes and took a deep breath before announcing calmly, “Don’t worry, the surgery was successful. But he will need some time to recuperate.”
Joan and Delilah brightened up instantly at the good news. 
“Thank you so much, doctor,” Delilah exclaimed excitedly. 
“He’s here,” Larry said when Lucius’ bed was pushed through the operating theater doors. 
The sight of her son lying on a hospital bed with his face as pale as a sheet was agonizing for Joan.
###Chapter 1907
Chapter 1907 
Chapter 1907 You Have Always Been Strong 
“Let’s not disturb him. He needs to rest now,” the doctor reminded the adults and left. 
In the ward, Lucius was still unconscious with an IV drip attached to his arm. Everyone was holding their breath while waiting for him to regain consciousness. 
“Ugh…” Lucius finally made a sound. 
“What is it, Lucius?” Delilah asked. 
“Water…” Lucius muttered weakly. 
Joan fetched the water and darted to Lucius’ bedside. 
“Here, have some water.” 
Lucius slowly opened his eyes and tried to find his bearings. 
“Dad, have I become stronger now?” Lucius uttered the words in a barely audible voice. 
Tears welled up in Larry’s eyes as he replied, “Son, you’ve always been very strong.” 
As days passed and Lucius started to restore his strength, the adults began planning their trip back home. 
“What are you doing here?” Larry scowled at Dustin when they met each other at the airport. 
Dustin’s fists balled up as he shot a cold glance at Larry. “It’s none of your business where I’m going.”
The friendship between Dustin and Larry had shattered since Joan’s car accident. It was solely because of her that they were able to stand being in each other’s presence right now. 
“Haven’t you always been residing overseas?” Larry snarled. 
“I don’t think I owe you any explanation,” Dustin retorted while shooting the other man another cold glare. 
“Can you two please stop bickering? Today is supposed to be a special day, right?” Joan said while looking at Lucius. 
“That’s right, Mom. Dinner is on you!” Lucius said excitedly. 
Joan fell silent at her son’s suggestion. 
It was the meal I treated last time that resulted in him getting hurt. 
“Uh… I mean, you have to prepare dinner tonight!” Lucius quickly corrected himself. 
Joan and Larry decided to take Lucius back to the village so that they could look after him properly. 
The village had remained the same since before they left, still filled with mountainous clean air and friendly villagers. 
“Ms. Young, we haven’t seen you in a while. Where have you been?” one of the villagers asked. 
“That’s right. We’ve been missing you around here,” another added as a few other women started to chime in. 
“Oh, It’s nothing. I had to run some errands, that’s all,” Delilah replied with a forced smile. 
Seeing the friendly faces made Joan feel at home again as she let out a contented smile.
Ring! 
Larry’s phone rang, and the caller ID showed Caspian’s name. 
“Boss, are you back?” Caspian asked anxiously. 
“Yes.” Larry stole a side glance at Joan and spoke carefully into the phone, “What have you got for me?” 
“The man is at large at the moment. But I’ve looked into his bank statement. Someone had transferred a sum of money into his bank account,” Caspian reported dutifully. 
Larry’s expression darkened upon hearing the latest updates. Then, the men brought each other up to speed on a few other things before Larry ended the call. 
Seeing Larry’s gloomy face after speaking on the phone, Joan hurried over. “What’s wrong?” 
“It’s nothing,” Larry assured Joan while wrapping his hand around her shoulder. 
Everyone was thrilled to be back home after being away for quite some time, especially for Lucius, who loved spending time with Larry and Joan. Hence, he grabbed the opportunity and got them to play with him. Seeing the delighted child, Delilah let out a contented smile and walked into the kitchen. 
Meanwhile, in Gabriella’s office, she tried to ascertain with Freya, “Do you know that she’s back?” 
Freya was mildly startled but soon gathered herself together. She replied calmly while sipping on her tea, “I just did.” 
“I suppose you haven’t forgotten our deal? Just name your price,” Gabriella said with her chill-inducing eyes.
Freya studied the woman for a long while as fear filled her heart. 
What a vicious woman! Will she come after me once I help her finish off her business? 
“What is it? Are you having second thoughts about this?” Gabriella asked with unblinking eyes. 
She’d better not thinking about chickening out. If so, she’ll only have herself to blame when I teach her a lesson about keeping a deal. What a useless wuss!
###Chapter 1908
Chapter 1908 
Chapter 1908 What A Vicious Woman 
Gabriella continued to fix her gaze steadily on Freya. 
“No, I’m not having any second thoughts,” Freya replied carefully. 
Heaven knows what this woman will do to me if I tell her I’m harboring thoughts about backing out of our deal. It’s better to just drag my feet for now. 
Although there had been some acrimonious exchanges between Freya and Joan, they were mostly trivial collegial rivalries and jealousy on Freya’s part. Therefore, she had not considered Joan as her mortal enemy, much less wanted her dead. But all that did not apply to Gabriella as she was adamant about making Joan disappear from the face of the earth for good. 
After a moment of hesitation, Freya finally decided against accepting the deadly deal. 
It’s common for women to get bitter over jealousy, but to go to such length to eliminate your rival is just bat-crap crazy. 
“Ms. Ward, I’ve been assigned to go on a work trip by the manager, so…” Freya appeared to be hesitant. 
Gabriella looked at Freya’s guilty expression and promptly understood. 
This woman is trying to get away from me! 
Balling up her fists, Gabriella’s vision turned deadly. Feeling chills down her spine, Freya staggered a little and tried to calm her nerves by taking a sip of water.
“We’ve been swamped lately. Take a walk at the supermarket and see for yourself if you don’t believe me,” Freya explained frantically. 
Gabriella stood up and walked slowly to Freya’s desk before stopping inches away from her face. 
“You should know that nothing can stop me when I want to get something done. And if I want someone dead, she won’t live to see tomorrow’s sun,” Gabriella spoke eerily into Freya’s ear while stroking her hair softly. 
Freya shuddered as her eyes widened in intense fear. 
What’s she going to do? Is she going to kill me? 
Panic-stricken, she kept tugging at her own shirt while floundering for the right words to say. 
“Ms. Ward, you see, you’re meant to do something great, whereas I’m only a lowly villager. I may not even be capable enough to carry out your order. Can you please just let me go?” Freya pleaded with Gabriella. 
Before this, Freya was under the impression that, like her, Gabriella just wanted to teach Joan a lesson. Hence, she saw Gabriella as a potential ally. However, when she realized that Gabriella had something a lot more malicious planned, Freya naturally got cold feet. After all, Gabriella was talking about taking someone’s life. 
“What? Are you scared?” Gabriella said while holding Freya’s chin. 
How can she speak so calmly about killing off someone? 
“Ms. Ward, I really have to get going. Maybe we can talk about this when I’m back from my work trip?” Freya bargained weakly.
Gabriella was no idiot, so she knew Freya’s real intention all too well. 
Well, I’m afraid you won’t last that long. 
With that thought, Gabriella turned around and returned to her desk. 
“Fine. Let’s talk after you come back from your trip,” the woman said flatly. 
Not long after that, Freya excused herself from the office and darted out with her handbag. 
A glint of malevolence flashed under Gabriella’s eyes as Freya disappeared out of sight. 
The nerve she has for messing with me. She must have a death wish! 
Gabriella put down her glass of water with such force that the water spilled onto her desk. 
Ring! 
Joan looked at the caller ID on her phone and frowned before she answered the call. 
“Hey, Joan, can you come over to the supermarket now?” Freya urged in a low voice. 
Joan was puzzled by this sudden urgency, given that she had already resigned. 
“Hi, Ms. Brooks, can’t you just tell me over the phone? I’m kind of occupied here,” Joan tried to reject her. 
Freya grew agitated on the other end of the line. 
“You don’t understand. This is a matter of life and death. I’ll explain to you when you get here later.” Freya hung up the call before Joan could respond.
Freya’s eyes swept her surroundings nervously after hanging up her phone. 
Following a few encounters with Gabriella, Freya had become paranoid; she had a feeling that she was constantly being watched. 
In the meantime, Joan looked at her phone, trying to decide if she should go to the supermarket. 
“Joan, what’s the matter?” Delilah asked. 
“It’s the supervisor from the supermarket. She asked me to meet her over there right now. She sounded quite urgent on the phone,” Joan replied.
###Chapter 1909
Chapter 1909 
Chapter 1909 Freya Is Not Inherently Evil 
Delilah pondered over the matter briefly and then patted Joan on the shoulder. 
“Freya is still young, so sometimes she might act recklessly. But the bottom line is she’s not inherently evil.” Delilah chuckled. 
Joan was convinced by Delilah and changed her clothes before heading to the supermarket. 
“You’re finally here!” Freya exclaimed while checking over her shoulder discreetly. 
“Ms. Brooks, what’s going on?” Joan was completely befuddled. 
Instead of replying, Freya pulled Joan into her office. 
“Joan, there’s something I need to tell you. Someone is hatching a plan against you. You need to watch out,” Freya warned. 
Joan smirked coldly. 
Aren’t you the one who is always out to get me? 
“I’m serious. Someone wants you dead. I admit that I used to give you a hard time at work, but that was all due to jealousy…” 
Freya’s confession only served to confuse Joan even more, as she could not recall stepping on anyone’s toes. 
“Ms. Brooks, is this some kind of joke?” Joan carefully studied the neurotic woman.
Freya’s expression turned solemn. I really want to slap some senses into this woman with a thick skull. 
“Didn’t you have a friend called Gabriella Ward?” Freya looked at Joan expectedly. 
Instantly, Joan finally understood what Freya was trying to convey. 
Gabriella did hurt me a lot in the past. But I haven’t seen her since I regained my memories. 
Joan’s silence made Freya realize that Gabriella was telling the truth. Oh my, this woman is so doomed. That Gabriella woman is definitely not someone I will mess around with. For some reason, Freya started to feel sorry for Joan. 
Freya tightened her grip on Joan’s hands and looked directly into her eyes. 
“Joan, listen to me. Gabriella is dead set on coming after you. Here, this is for you. Open this if you don’t hear from me in half a month,” Freya said while handing a box to Joan. 
Joan looked at the box, then back at the woman, feeling bewildered. 
“Ms. Brooks, why are you giving me this?” Freya asked. 
This generous gesture is so unlike the supervisor I used to know. 
“Look, now that you’re no longer working here, take this as a parting gift for all the grievances that I’ve caused you. But remember, don’t open this until half a month later,” Freya reminded once again. 
Joan continued to look at the box, still feeling perplexed. 
What kind of present cannot be opened for two weeks? 
Unbeknownst to the two women, their encounter was being watched by Gabriella through the security camera installed in the office.
Gabriella stared at the monitor screen with intense rage blazing from her eyes. Her fists were balled up so tightly that blood was oozing from her clenched fingers. 
Damn it! 
Her fist landed on her desk in a loud thump. 
“Hey, I need you to do something for me,” Gabriella spoke into her phone. 
Meanwhile, Joan returned home not long after bidding goodbye to Freya. 
“What is it that you’re holding?” Delilah asked. 
“Oh, it’s a gift from Ms. Brooks,” Joan answered. 
Delilah returned her a faint smile before walking into the kitchen. 
Ms. Young was right; Ms. Brooks isn’t an inherently malicious person. She is just young and impulsive. 
Just then, her phone rang. 
“Hey, Joan, just wanted to let you know that I won’t be going back today. I’m still buried in all the paperwork in the office,” Larry explained on the phone. 
He had been neglecting his work to focus on Lucius’ treatment before this. Now that Lucius was getting better, Larry was back at the helm in the office. 
The couple spoke for a few more minutes on the phone before ending the call. 
Right after she hung up the phone, Joan’s phone rang again. ”Hello, Joan, where are you? I think I’m lost.” Dustin’s voice rang from the other end of the line.
###Chapter 1910
Chapter 1910 
Chapter 1910 Dustin Has To Back Off 
“What are you talking about?” Joan frowned a little while holding onto her phone. 
“I mean, I’m in the village at the moment. But I’m not sure which one is your house,” Dustin explained. 
Joan was stunned. 
He has come all the way here to this rural village? 
“Oh, hang on. I’ll come to get you,” Joan said while darting out. 
After a long search, Joan finally found Dustin’s car in one of the small alleyways. The man was huffing and puffing right then. 
“Your place is not easy to find, to say the least,” Dustin complained. 
Well, nobody invited you here. Joan shot him a disinterested glance but made no comment. 
“Hold on, wait for me.” Dustin was panting heavily behind her. 
“Mr. Dustin!” Lucius’ voice rang abruptly. 
“Hey, Lucius.” 
“Mr. Dustin, what are you doing here?” Lucius asked, looking innocent. 
Dustin paused briefly before he let out a smile. 
“Because I’ve missed you,” the man said while pinching playfully at Lucius’ cheek.
“Hi, Ms. Young,” Dustin greeted Delilah. 
Delilah responded by eking out a faint smile, which made Joan wonder if she was unhappy about Dustin’s unannounced visit. 
“Here, have some water,” Delilah said while handing him a glass of water. 
Dustin’s eyes swept one round skeptically before it landed on Joan. 
“So, you’ve decided to live here?” Dustin asked, pursing his lips slightly. 
Joan knew what the man was implying, and she nodded resolutely at him. 
“Alright, then,” the man said while resuming a neutral expression. 
“By the way, I’ve bought some supplements for Lucius. They will help speed up his recovery.” 
Joan looked at the shopping bags and nodded absent-mindedly. 
I should have faith in the supplements he chose. After all, he is a doctor. 
“That’s very kind of you.” Delilah walked slowly toward Dustin. 
“Don’t mention it.” Dustin waved his hand. 
Nevertheless, Joan was still puzzled by the man’s sudden visit. 
“You should have called first,” Joan remarked. 
“No, I don’t think so. Would Larry have let me come if I had called first? He may literally block every road into the village just so I can’t get through,” the man replied tartly.
I still don’t understand why they are always at each other’s throat nowadays. I wonder if something terrible happened between the two of them during the few years when I wasn’t around. But Larry has never mentioned anything to me. 
“Lucius, how have you been doing? Are you feeling any better?” Dustin asked, stroking the kid’s hair. 
“I’m much better, thanks. Dad says that I’ve become a lot stronger after my surgery,” Lucius answered loudly. 
Dustin’s eyes dimmed instantly. 
Must he mention Larry at every turn? 
“Mr. Dustin, when are you leaving?” Lucius’ question stunned everyone, especially Delilah and Joan. 
Dustin has just gotten here, and Lucius is already asking when he is leaving? That’s rude. 
Joan quickly shot a glance at her son. 
Meanwhile, Dustin’s smile froze awkwardly on his face. 
“Oh, it’s just that it’s getting darker, and I’m worried about Mr. Dustin’s safety on the way back to the city,” Lucius was quick to explain. 
Dad is not around, so I have to be vigilant about other men lurking around Mom. 
“Oh, I see. Well, it is indeed getting late. I suppose I’ll get going and come back another day,” Dustin said while scratching the back of his head embarrassedly. 
Joan could not help but feel bad for the man.
“Um, maybe you could—” 
“Yeah, Mr. Dustin. You should come back again in the morning.” Joan was cut off mid-sentence as Lucius decided to chime in. 
The atmosphere froze instantly. 
Two weeks later, Joan was in the supermarket and bumped into her ex-colleagues. “Hey, it’s Joan,” one of them greeted. 
“You must be feeling free like a bird after leaving this job.” 
Conversations erupted as the few of them gathered around her. 
“Aren’t you guys afraid of being caught abandoning your posts by the supervisor?” Joan said in a low voice.
###Chapter 1911
Chapter 1911 
Chapter 1911 The Gift 
The women exchanged glances and smiled smugly. 
“Don’t worry. Ms. Brooks has gone on a work trip. She’s not here,” one of them explained cheerfully. 
No wonder everyone is ecstatic. But then again, I thought Ms. Brooks hates going outstation. That’s strange. 
After Joan spent some time with the girls in the supermarket, she came home to find a nervous Delilah who was hastily getting ready to head out the door. 
“Ms. Young, what’s going on?” Joan hurried over to her side. 
“It’s Freya. She’s in the hospital,” Delilah replied and sighed in exasperation. 
Joan was startled. I thought she was on a work trip? 
“Ms. Young, I’ll go with you,” Joan said before she hurriedly followed suit. 
In the hospital, Freya’s parents were wailing and crying at the top of their lungs. After squeezing through the grief-stricken parents, Joan finally saw the woman lying on a hospital bed. 
That’s Ms. Brooks, for sure. 
A glint of sorrow flashed under her eyes as she looked at the unconscious woman. 
“Freya!” the manager called out her name while rushing frantically into the ward.
“What are you doing here? This is all your fault!” Freya’s mother charged forward and grabbed onto the manager’s arm. A commotion broke out in the ward as they tried to calm the parents down. 
“Doctor, how’s she doing?” Joan found the doctor outside the ward. 
Shaking his head, the doctor replied, “I’ve watched her grow up since she was a little kid. And now, she’s fallen into a coma state.” 
As though she was hit on the head, Joan collapsed onto the floor with a blank look on her face. 
“Joan, are you alright?” Delilah quickly helped her up and patted her shoulder gently. “Why don’t you head home first? I’m their long-time family friend, so I’m going to stay back for a while.” 
Joan slowly got on her feet; her eyes were still filled with disbelief at the rapid unfolding of events. Even though Freya did give her a hard time at work, most of them were of juvenile mischief than life- threatening harms, and her heart sank at the sight of Freya lying motionless on the hospital bed. 
This is all too sudden. How did this happen? 
Something struck Joan as she recalled their last conversation two weeks ago. 
The gift! At that thought, Joan hastened her strides. 
There was no one around back home. Without further ado, Joan took out the box Freya gave her and from which she retrieved a pen. She studied the pen as an unsettling feeling overtook her. 
Click! Her hand accidentally pressed on a button, and a voice recording started to play from the pen. 
It quickly dawned on Joan as she started to piece together what might have happened to Freya. 
The voice recording was of a conversation between Freya and another woman. Her voice is rather familiar. Oh my goodness! It’s Gabriella’s voice!
Joan shuddered as she listened to the content of the recording. 
If Ms. Brooks’ hospitalization was not an accident, then Gabriella may be the person behind it. 
Joan began to panic. 
Knock! Knock! Knock! 
Just then, someone was pounding on her door. 
Sensing that something was off, Joan quickly hid the pen recorder. 
However, before she could reach the door, it had burst open. Following that, a few intruders entered the house. 
“Hey, who are you guys? And what are you doing here?” Joan yelled at them. 
But the few burly men couldn’t be bothered with the woman’s shouting. Instead, they went straight into the bedroom and started smashing things around. Joan was in utter shock at what was happening before her. 
She tried but failed to think of anyone who would do such a thing to her or Delilah. 
“Hand it over!” Hubert, who was the leader of the gang, barked at Joan. 
Joan was befuddled. 
Is he talking about the recorder? 
“I don’t understand what you’re saying…” Joan took a few steps back instinctively.
“Give it to me, and I’ll ensure your safety. Otherwise…” The man gestured at his fist and let out a wicked smile. 
“Mr. Newman, we didn’t find anything.” 
“Me neither,” another man added. The men stopped and waited for their leader’s instruction.” 
Without any warning, Hubert grabbed onto Joan’s arm and flung her toward the wall. The man’s eyes shone with a menacing glint that would send chills down one’s spine.
###Chapter 1912
Chapter 1912 
Chapter 1912 A Silly Woman 
“Listen, if you don’t want to die, hand me that thing!” The man clutched Joan’s chin forcefully. 
Tears started welling up in Joan’s eyes as she sensed great pain building. 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” she replied in a low voice. 
Slap! Joan’s face reddened in a heartbeat as the man’s palm made contact with her face forcefully. 
“Don’t try to feign ignorance in front of me. What did Freya give you?” The man demanded fiercely as he pulled Joan’s hair. 
It’s that recorder! Joan sneered. 
Freya just became comatose, and there are already people coming after the recorder! 
“Ouch…” 
Upon hearing her cry, the man immediately loosened his grip and looked at Joan furiously. 
“You better do yourself a favor and hand it over now! You won’t be able to get away with it.” 
Joan knew that the person behind this must have known that she had met with Freya. Otherwise, the man standing in front of her right then wouldn’t be so certain and dead set. 
“Let me go and take it for you.” Joan pretended to limp as she went to search for the gift that Freya had given her. 
“Let’s see… Where have I put it?” Joan muttered to herself, flipping all over the place.
“No, it’s not here,” she continued mumbling. 
After looking at Joan rummaging around for a long time, Hubert could no longer stand it. 
“Don’t try to play your tricks here. I’ll give you another ten minutes, and if you still can’t find it, I’ll kill you!” the man yelled. 
Who on earth is behind this? How dare he or she take someone’s life! 
Joan was undoubtedly astounded by the situation. 
“I found it!” Out of the blue, she shouted. 
“Here, that’s the gift she gave me.” Joan handed the box over to Hubert. 
“Open it!” the man roared dispassionately. 
Immediately, a man behind him pushed Joan away and opened the box quickly. 
“Mr. Newman, it’s a pen.” 
Right away, Hubert rushed over to take a look. 
“I haven’t opened this gift box since I got it. She said to open it after six months, so I didn’t open it,” Joan clarified at once. 
Hubert looked at her with a dubious expression, a ferocious glint in his eyes. 
“Why did she give you a present?” the man asked in a deep voice. 
Joan tried her best to think of a valid reason. “Err… This actually came alongside an apology. Freya used to give me a hard time when I was working at the supermarket. I resigned after that, and I
suppose she felt guilty, so she presented me with this gift as a gesture of apology.” 
It is actually more of evidence than a gift. 
“Take it away!” Huber instructed aloud. 
At that, Joan allowed herself to let out a sigh of relief. 
“Don’t try to deceive me. If I ever find out that you’re lying, I can assure you that you’ll never have a day of peace in the future.” Hubert patted hard on Joan’s shoulder. 
Very soon, the few men disappeared, and Joan was left at home. Looking at the mess in front of her, the woman slumped to the ground with a little apprehension in her heart. 
“What on earth happened!” As soon as Larry reached home, he saw Joan, who was busy cleaning up the room. 
“Umm, I’ll tell you everything after I get this done,” she replied in a placid tone. 
Hurriedly, Larry went over to help. Watching the composed and silent woman in front of him, a trace of uneasiness crept up on Larry’s face. 
“Alright, tell me now.” Larry took a sip of tea. 
“Something happened to Freya, and she’s now comatose,” Joan panted out. 
In that instance, Larry was dumbfounded. 
Who is this Freya? What does she have to do with me? 
“Joan, I’m asking about this mess at home!” The man started to get agitated.
Seeing their house turning into such a mess all of a sudden, who in his right mind would believe that nothing had happened? 
“Calm down and let me finish…” Joan tried to explain. 
Eventually, Larry had a rough idea of what had happened. 
“It’s evident that someone’s trying to frame you,” Larry replied in a hushed tone. 
Sitting at the side, the glint in Joan’s eyes dimmed upon hearing that. If it’s really Gabriella who’s behind this, she’ll go to jail because of what she’s done! 
“Was Gabriella here?” the man asked hesitantly. 
“No. It was a few men who came by. Perhaps, she’s not the mastermind behind this?” Joan was still keeping the last ray of hope within her heart. 
This silly woman! She’s still trying to say something good about her at this point! 
In Larry’s eyes, there was a fleeting glint of wretchedness.
###Chapter 1913
Chapter 1913 
Chapter 1913 Something Is Off 
“Hello, Caspian? Go inspect Gabriella’s recent actions,” Larry instructed in a furious tone. 
Looking at the man in front of her, Joan found a sense of peace. With Larry around, she didn’t need to worry too much. She knew he would take care of her. 
Thump! 
Gabriella tossed the box forcefully to the ground. 
“What a bunch of imbeciles! All you found is a pen? Do any of you have a usable brain?” the woman spat out as she glared at the few men in front of her. 
The bunch of men turned to each other as they didn’t quite understand the situation. 
“Ms. Ward, you were the one who asked us to search for the gift and bring it to you. Now that we’ve handed it over to you, you’re tossing it to the ground. Why is that?” Hubert asked softly. 
Gabriella shook her head, and suddenly, an overwhelming aura emanated from her. 
Damn! What a bunch of scumbags! 
“Will you get someone a regular pen as a gift?” Gabriella glared at them. 
In a jiffy, Hubert ran up to the woman’s side after he figured out what she was suggesting. 
“Ms. Ward, rest assured. I’ll certainly not disappoint you!” With that, he gestured his men to leave together.
“Mr. Newman, what does that mean?” one of his men asked. 
Thump! 
Hubert landed his fist forcibly against the wall, and soon, blood trickled down his fingers. Seeing as such, his men quickly backed away and waited for his instructions with their heads lowered. 
Nonchalantly, Hubert barked, “Capture that woman!” 
Upon hearing his order, his group of men left to carry it out. 
“Joan, those men you’ve lied to won’t let you off the hook easily. Why don’t you stay by my side from now on?” Larry patted her shoulder softly. 
The woman wavered for a brief second. Indeed, they won’t let me go easily. Nevertheless, if I insist that it was in fact a pen that Freya gave me, I don’t think anything will go wrong… 
“It’s okay, don’t worry. Besides, the gift Freya gave me is indeed a pen. It simply came with a recorder.” Joan smiled and passed Larry the recorder. 
“Help me keep it safe for now,” she uttered. 
Looking at the woman standing across from him, Larry pecked on Joan’s forehead softly. His eyes were filled with affection. 
“Let me keep it then. Otherwise, you’d be in danger as well if you take it with you,” Larry replied softly. 
The two came to an agreement after discussing the best course of action for a while. 
Every morning, Joan needed to spend some time with Delilah to take care of the plants in a nearby garden. Hence, Larry decided to wait until she finished with those chores before asking Caspian to send her to Norton Corporation.
However, little did they know that a plot was being hatched against them very swiftly in that instance. 
Early the next morning, after having breakfast, Larry headed to the company while Lucius went to school. Soon after that, Joan and Delilah entered the garden. 
Perhaps it was because they hadn’t had much time to take care of the plants, causing some flowers in the garden to wilt. Seeing as such, Joan hurriedly got down to work on the small pots of plants, trying to revitalize them. 
After a long period of hard work, she took a gander at her watch and realized it was already ten o’clock. She had to get going. 
“Ms. Young, I have to leave now. Caspian will reach here any minute now!” Joan called out loudly. 
“Alright, be careful on your way!” Delilah replied. 
Straightening her clothes, Joan left the garden in a joyful manner. 
The garden was not very far away from Delilah’s abode. Usually, the two of them often traveled to and fro on foot. 
“Ah!” Out of the blue, Joan let out a sharp cry, and immediately after that, silence ensued. 
Delilah seemed to have heard something, so she looked up but found nothing unusual, so she resumed working on the wilted plants again. 
Having waited for an extended period of time in front of Delilah’s house, Caspian started to get anxious when there was still no sign of Joan. 
“Hello? Larry, are you sure you have told Joan about this? Why hasn’t she showed up yet? She isn’t answering my calls either,” Caspian uttered in an agitated tone.
“Yes, we’ve talked about it. Maybe she’s still busy in the garden. Why don’t you wait a little longer?” Larry replied thoughtfully. 
“Achoo!” Suddenly, Larry sneezed. 
“Have you caught a cold?” Caspian was a little worried. 
“It’s not a big deal.” With that, the man hung up the call. 
For some reason, Larry was a little irritated all of a sudden. He felt that something was off, but he couldn’t pinpoint exactly what was wrong.
###Chapter 1914
Chapter 1914 
Chapter 1914 Beat Her Up 
Time passed in each tick of the clock. It was half-past ten, then eleven, and then half-past eleven… 
Throughout his wait, Joan did not appear even once in Caspian’s sight. 
Agitated, Caspian could feel that something ominous was about to unfold. 
“Is Ms. Young here?” Pushing open the door to the garden, Caspian inquired loudly. 
“Coming!” Delilah answered almost immediately. 
“Oh, it’s Caspian. Why are you here?” the woman cleaned the dirt on her hands and asked. 
“Ms. Young, where’s Joan? Larry asked me to pick her up,” Caspian asked in a hurry. 
For a moment, Delilah was baffled. 
“Joan? Didn’t she already go home? She said you were reaching soon, so she hurriedly went back home to change,” she answered. 
Damn! 
Caspian’s eyes dimmed in a flash. 
He knew that by asking him to pick Joan up, Larry was trying to prevent something from happening. And now, what the man had been trying to stop from happening had already taken place! 
“I waited for a long time, but she was nowhere to be seen. Ms. Young, do you know the direction as to where Joan usually goes?” Caspian asked anxiously.
At that moment, Delilah was hesitant. 
Normally, no matter where Joan goes, she’ll never disappear without leaving any message and let Caspian wait for such a long time… 
Delilah had a faint premonition and was feeling doom within. 
“Let’s go take a look around.” Taking off her apron, Delilah led Caspian out of the garden. 
“What? Joan is missing? Didn’t I tell you to wait for her at the door?” Larry bellowed over the phone. 
For a moment, a piercing glint flashed across Larry’s eyes. 
It has finally come to this point. Is it finally time for me to take action? 
“Alright, seal off the entire village until Joan is found.” Larry hung up after that. 
Gabriella, when will you stop playing your sick game? 
Slap! 
Joan was awakened by the noise. In front of her stood a few familiar faces, and she found herself in an equally familiar place. 
“What… What do you want?” Joan asked in a weary voice. 
Hubert walked over to her and lifted her face. 
Slap! Slap! Slap… 
After a few repeated slaps on her face, Joan could feel the blistering heat on her cheeks. 
“You wench, how dare you lie to me!” Hubert kicked her forcefully as he bellowed out his anger.
“Ouch…” 
Joan knew that they might have possibly found out that the pen she handed over to them wasn’t the real gift Freya gave her. 
She let out a cold chuckle. 
Such intelligence can never be found in men like these. Otherwise, they would have figured it out at the house that day. It must be the mastermind behind this who called my bluff! 
As the thought of Gabriella crossed her mind, an icy glint flashed across Joan’s eyes. 
“Spit it out. Where is it?” Hubert roared like a beast as he stared coldly at the woman in front of him whose blood was dripping down the corner of her mouth. 
Joan shook her head vigorously several times to keep herself clear-headed. All of a sudden, she was relieved that she had passed the recorder to Larry. 
“The gift she gave was that box. It was just that box alone, and I have never even opened it before handing it to you,” Joan answered in a hushed voice. 
“What a damned woman. You’re still stubborn, huh? Come, give her a good hiding!” Hubert bellowed. 
“Wait a minute.” Suddenly, Lonnie ran up to Hubert. 
“Mr. Newman, you should think carefully about this. Even though the sum offered by Ms. Ward is important to us, we must keep in mind that she is Larry’s woman,” Lonnie reminded him. 
Hubert hesitated for a while, and then he strode over behind Joan, pondering. 
What trick is he trying to pull?
Taking a gaze at him, Joan remained silent, her body stiff. 
Suddenly, Hubert howled, “Beat her up. Don’t pull your punches!” 
For a moment, Lonnie was confounded. 
“No matter who she is, we’ll just pretend that we don’t know. Let that woman bear all the responsibilities and consequences!” Hubert added in a ferocious manner. 
Old age and treachery will always beat youth and skill. 
Lonnie’s lips curled up in satisfaction. 
“What are you doing?” Joan cried in horror. 
Bang! The door flew open all of a sudden. 
It wasn’t Larry, nor was it Dustin. Instead, it was the man who had kidnapped Joan before. He had come together with another few men. 
“Who is it?” Hubert asked. 
“Come on, get them!”
###Chapter 1915
Chapter 1915 
Chapter 1915 Do Not Blame Me 
A few roughnecks ran over at the bald man’s order. 
Joan was dumbfounded in that instance. 
“Mrs. Norton, are you alright?” Out of the blue, the man ran up to Joan and helped untie her. 
“Larry…” She fainted even before she could finish her words. 
At the hospital. 
Joan was lying in bed with her eyes closed. The back of her hand was attached to a saline bag. Larry held her tightly by the hand, his face full of remorse. 
“Larry, don’t worry. She only suffered some minor physical wounds,” said Caspian to comfort Larry. 
“Shut up!” The latter lashed out directly. 
The other man grew silent in an instant. 
“Joan!” Out of nowhere, Delilah barged into the room. 
“How is she? Is Joan alright?” Delilah’s voice seemed to be trembling. 
Awakened by the noise, the woman lying on the hospital bed opened her eyes slowly and looked around her. 
White walls, white ceiling, white bedsheets, and a white blanket. It looks like the hospital…
Sitting up slowly, it was at that moment that Joan realized she was drained of all energy. 
“Joan, don’t move. Tell me what you want. Let me help you with it,” Larry hurriedly stated. 
“Err… It’s alright. I only want to drink some water,” Joan replied in a weary voice. 
Upon hearing that, Larry quickly poured a glass of water and handed it to her. 
It looks like I haven’t died yet! 
A smile crept up on Joan’s face. 
Being able to see Larry is such a wonderful thing. Joan slowly ran her fingers across the man’s cheek. 
“Mr. Norton, Mrs. Norton, since you’re both well, we shall leave first,” the bald man suddenly spoke. 
“Hold on!” Joan called out weakly. 
The bald man turned around swiftly when he heard her cry. He looked at Joan attentively. 
“Thank you. Thank you for saving my life…” The woman enunciated each word with her last ounce of strength. 
The bald man smiled and waved his hand, and he then left directly. 
Larry turned to look at Caspian suspiciously, which prompted the latter to run over to Larry’s side. 
“When they went to the village to settle something, they passed by an abandoned garage and heard Joan’s voice,” Caspian explained. 
How lucky was I! 
Joan grinned.
“Ms. Ward, shouldn’t you pay for the medical fees? Mr. Newman was beaten in such a horrible way!” 
Gabriella smirked as she looked at the man standing across from her. 
They haven’t even got the things I require done, and yet they’re looking for me as soon as they suffer a little loss. 
“I think you don’t quite understand the situation here. I’ve paid you to work for me. Now, not only have you failed to accomplish it, but I’m also not being refunded. Despite that, you’re accusing me?” Gabriella asked vilely. 
Upon hearing her harsh and sharp words, Lonnie was a little embarrassed. 
She was right. They had agreed earlier that the payment was to be made before they took action. Nevertheless, it was out of their expectations that Joan would be such a difficult target to deal with. Now that many of their men were badly injured, they were in a dire need of funds to pay the medical fees. The previous sum given by Gabriella was far from enough. 
Lonnie was at a loss. 
“I don’t want my money back. Just treat that as I’ve paid for your medical fees.” With that, Gabriella got ready to turn around and leave. 
“Hold on, Ms. Ward, can you transfer another sum of money to us for the sake of Mr. Newman? He has always been fond of you…” Lonnie looked at the woman in front of him very carefully. 
Gabriella let out a snort at that stupid request. 
Men are all jerks!
“Let’s get clear on one thing—personal feelings shouldn’t be confused and mixed with business. I’m only involved in business with your boss, nothing else.” Gabriella spurted her words and left in a huff. 
Lonnie remained rooted to the ground as a piercing cold glint flashed across his eyes. 
Out of the blue, his phone started chiming. 
“Hello, Lonnie, the doctor said Mr. Newman needs to undergo an operation… We need to make the payment instantly!” 
At once, Lonnie’s eyes dimmed in despair. 
Well, don’t blame me for what will happen next then! 
“Hello, is this Larry Norton? I have something to discuss with you…” Lonnie spoke in an extremely icy tone. 
“Alright, send me the address, and I’ll be there in a minute!” Larry hung up the call at that. 
He made another call right after. “Hello, Caspian, prepare a sum of money right away. I need it!” Larry instructed with a grim note in his voice.
###Chapter 1916
Chapter 1916 
Chapter 1916 A Filthy Woman 
“No, wait, Larry, why do you need so much money all of a sudden? Did something happen?” Caspian asked in concern. 
“Let’s not waste time talking about this for now. I’ll explain it to you later. Just prepare it for me!” 
The truth will come out. Gabriella, Gabriella, you’re leaving yourself with no way out by taking it to such an extent. 
Larry clenched his fingers tightly in a fist, a livid glint in his eyes. 
“Stop right there! Why are you calling Larry? What’s happening? What’s with our previous agreement? Are there no more rules?” Gabriella chided aloud. 
Lonnie sniggered. 
Rules? Money is the only rule! 
“Are rules more important than Mr. Newman’s life?” Lonnie looked at the brutal woman with a wrathful expression. 
Never would he have expected that this woman had been actually spying on him! 
“I can give you the sum of money you need. I’ll save your boss’ life!” Gabriella answered coldly. 
It’s too late!
I’ll never trust what this woman says anymore. When she previously talked Mr. Newman off the roof, I had thought she was a good woman. But now, I see that she had only done so because she needed his help. Now, when he’s in great danger, she gives no damn at all, and even refuses to lend us money to pay for the medical expenses! What a wrench! And now, when she realizes I’ve contacted Larry, she reneges on her words and says she’ll save Mr. Newman! 
How can I ever believe such a woman! 
“There’s no need,” Lonnie replied dispassionately. 
All at once, an irate glint glowed in Gabriella’s eyes, and she clenched her fists tightly. 
You’re making me do it the hard way! 
Gabriella asked in a low voice, “Don’t you want to become the boss instead?” 
Lonnie widened his eyes in shock. 
“Are you satisfied with being just the second in line?” she continued. 
Lonnie snickered. What an atrocious woman. How dare she try to sow discord between Mr. Newman and I! 
“Yes. I like to be the second in line.” With that, the man turned and left. 
Gabriella was left alone on the spot with a steely glint in her eyes, so incensed. 
Looks like I’m left with no other option! 
She retrieved her phone and made a call. 
“Hubert, Lonnie bullied me…” Gabriella wracked out some sobs.
“Wha—What did you just say?” Hubert responded weakly. 
“Hubert, what happened to you? Where are you now?” Deliberately, Gabriella pretended to be anxious. 
“I’m… at the hospital.” 
Thirty minutes later, Gabriella appeared in Hubert’s ward. 
“Hubert, what’s Lonnie trying to do? Even if our negotiation didn’t turn out well, you can’t burn your bridges. Look at what he’s doing now. He’s straight away selling me out!” Gabriella purposefully added that seemingly innocent piece of information. 
Hubert had admired the woman for a long time. Naturally, he wouldn’t want to see her aggrieved, not even when the other person involved was his own man. 
“Alright, alright, don’t be angry anymore. I’ll talk to him,” Hubert replied in a low voice. 
“Mr. Newman!” Out of nowhere, Lonnie barged into the ward with some supplements in his hands. 
When he saw Gabriella, he froze on the spot, manifestly astounded. However, he regained his composure soon and put on his usual expression. 
“Lonnie,” Hubert called out to him. 
“Mr. Newman, if there’s anything you want to tell me, let’s wait until you recover, alright?” Lonnie looked at the bedridden man, deep concern in his eyes. 
On the side, Gabriella was evidently agitated, which prompted her to grab the man by the shoulder. She started shaking it. 
“Hubert,” she fawned.
At the sight of that, Lonnie understood the situation at once. 
This Gabriella is such a filthy woman! 
She won’t stop using others even when she clearly doesn’t like them! 
Lonnie clenched his fist tightly, trying his best to contain his anger. 
Hubert spoke with some difficulty. “Lonnie, I don’t know how much time I have left to live, so I want to ask you for a favor. Please protect Gabriella well. She is the woman I love most in this world.” 
Tears started welling up in Lonnie’s eyes, and his heart ached in sorrow. 
“Mr. Newman, stop it. You’ll get better!” Lonnie’s voice was trembling by then. 
For a moment, Gabriella was moved by Hubert’s words, but the look on her face was soon replaced with her usual cruel and harsh expression. 
Only Larry is worthy of my love. No one else can be the exception!
###Chapter 1917
Chapter 1917 
Chapter 1917 Stay Away From Him 
Gabriella turned to the side and acted as though she hadn’t heard anything. 
Looking at the cold-hearted way the woman behaved, Lonnie fumed. 
“What’s wrong, Lonnie? Aren’t you supposed to listen to what Hubert says to you?” Gabriella looked at Lonnie arrogantly with a frosty glint glowing in her eyes. 
Lonnie turned around right away and ignored the ruthless woman. 
“Stand right there. Aren’t you afraid that those will be the last words of your boss?” Gabriella glared at Lonnie coldly. 
Listening to that, Lonnie’s heart sank, and his face turned extremely grim. 
What? Is this woman about to start another scheme? 
Turning around, Lonnie walked slowly toward Gabriella. The look on his face was brutal and remorseless. A piercing cold glint emanated from his eyes; it looked like he was about to murder the woman. Gabriella shuddered a little, but she quickly straightened her back and raised her chin to show her supremacy. 
“Ms. Ward, please get your facts right. We are the hooligans here, and you are the heiress of a well-off family.” Lonnie placed his hand on Gabriella’s face and put on a playful grin. 
What is he trying to do? 
Gabriella glared at him fiercely, but in her eyes, there was a glint of fear.
Damn it! He’s only working under Hubert. How dare he treat me in such a way! 
“If you don’t listen to your boss’ orders, it means you’re going against him. Perhaps you’re trying to replace his position, but do you think the other men would agree to that?” Gabriella feigned composure as she said that. 
“Such a clever woman!” Lonnie lifted her face, and both their faces were so close that the space between them was almost non-existent. 
“Let go of me!” Gabriella struggled. 
Lonnie sneered. So even this woman can be afraid, too! 
“Ms. Ward, please stay away from Mr. Newman in the future. He’s not feeling so well. He shouldn’t be seeing some filthy and cruel being when he’s sick. If you don’t leave on your own accord, I don’t mind helping him get rid of stumbling blocks!” With a sudden jerk, Gabriella was sent over to a corner by Lonnie. 
Looking at the figure of the man leaving, Gabriella touched the corner of her mouth with a trace of fear on her face, where, in fact, ferocity and savagery were much more evident. 
After hesitating for a while, she made a call. 
“Standby and listen to my instructions!” She ended the call right after. 
Perhaps, there’s no longer any reason to waste more energy and time! 
Gabriella squeezed her fists tightly at that thought. 
The next morning, the sun rose as usual. Everything seemed normal; there wasn’t anything that looked different or out of place.
It was all good until the tranquility was broken by a phone that started ringing out of the blue. 
“Lonnie, quick! Come to the hospital now. Mr. Newman is dying!” 
Upon hearing that, Lonnie got up in an instant and rushed to the hospital at once. 
“What happened!” he yelled at the nurse the moment he reached the ward. 
The nurse lowered her head with her eyebrows furrowed. 
“I… I don’t know. I… I was on duty for the entire night, and he was alright last night, but this morning…” The nurse looked hesitant and frightened. 
“Has anyone come to the ward?” Lonnie asked furiously. 
“N—No.” 
Looking around, Lonnie suddenly noticed that the large window in the ward was open. He remembered that he had closed the window when he left yesterday as he had been worried that Mr. Newman would catch a cold. 
Damn it! 
Lonnie clenched his fist and landed it against the wall forcefully. 
“Arrange a surgery for him immediately!” Abruptly, Larry appeared at the hospital. 
Looking at Larry, who had suddenly shown up, Lonnie was pleasantly surprised. 
“Mr. Norton, I’m sorry to trouble you.” Lonnie rushed over to Larry hurriedly.
Larry waved his hand. “Saving his life is of utmost importance now. Let’s not talk about other things first.” 
“Doctor, how’s Mr. Newman doing?” Lonnie quickly asked. 
“Fortunately, he was rushed to operation timely. Otherwise, he would have died.” The doctor let out a sigh. 
Lonnie’s eyes dimmed in a second. 
“Are you alright?” Larry asked him in a low voice. 
Lonnie shook his head and didn’t say anything. He might have been greatly affected by Hubert’s condition, so much so that he was in a daze for a very long time.
###Chapter 1918
Chapter 1918 
Chapter 1918 The Fight 
Larry had already taken his leave when Lonnie turned around. 
The latter immediately dialed a number on his phone. 
“Gabriella, are you crazy?” he bellowed. 
Gabriella had already known this was coming. Hence, she had already mentally prepared herself for this moment. 
“Ah, Lonnie. It’s not fair of you to take it out on me this early in the morning,” she said in a low voice. 
Her blatant ignorance of the situation caused Lonnie to explode with fury. 
He threw his phone on the ground. 
“Get me Gabriella’s location right this instance!” he bellowed to his group of men. 
“Larry, where have you been?” Joan was snuggling up with Larry as she spoke. 
“Oh, I had some urgent matters to attend to. Why?” Larry stroked her hair lovingly. 
“Nothing, I just miss you,” Joan said softly. 
She had been out of it ever since she had gotten kidnapped. Hence, Larry had instructed Caspian to keep a look out for her to make her feel safe. 
Ring… Ring…
Joan picked up the phone and saw that it was Lucius’ homeroom teacher calling. 
“Hello, is this Lucius’ mother? Your son got into a fight in school. Please hurry over right now.” The homeroom teacher sounded displeased. 
Joan bolted up at that piece of news. 
“What happened?” Larry looked at her anxiously. 
“Lucius got into a fight,” Joan explained incredulously. 
Larry was stunned, but he quickly regained his composure. 
They both knew Lucius was a gentle boy. He would never get into a fight under normal circumstances. 
“I’ll go with you.” Larry patted Joan’s shoulder. 
In the office, Lucius stood in a corner, glaring at a boy who was crying beside him. 
“This is not over. My son has never been beaten up before. It’s all his fault!” a woman dressed in elegant clothes shouted. 
“Calm down. His parents will be here soon,” the homeroom teacher hurriedly replied. 
The woman bent down and patted her son’s back. “Don’t worry, son. Mommy has got your back!” 
The crying boy only cried even harder at that. 
“Lucius!” Joan shouted the moment she stepped foot into the office. 
“Oh, so you’re Lucius’s mother. What a big shot. Your son beat my son up! What are you going to do about it?” The woman raised her chin and glared at Joan fiercely.
It was obvious that she wasn’t about to let Lucius off easily. The woman looked like a tigress with her hands on her hips, afro hair, and piercing eyes. Joan walked over to Lucius slowly, totally ignoring the other woman. 
“Lucius, are you okay?” she scrutinized the young boy from head to toe. 
“Mom, I’m fine,” Lucius replied in a low voice. 
“He may be fine, but my son’s not. Look at what he did to my son!” the woman yelled. 
“I didn’t do it!” Lucius looked at the woman coldly. 
“You brat! How dare you talk back at me? And that glare of yours! I will teach you a lesson in your mother’s place today!” With that, the woman rolled up her sleeves and rushed up to Lucius. 
Joan immediately stood in front of the boy protectively with her arms outstretched. 
“Oh, how protective. Why? Are you going to teach your son a lesson yourself?” the woman sneered coldly. 
Joan smirked, turned around, and cleaned Lucius’ face. 
“Lucius, did you get into a fight? Tell me honestly,” Joan asked softly. 
“Mom, he constantly badmouths you! He even soiled your reputation. I only pushed him lightly to get him to stop. I didn’t beat him up,” Lucius said with a serious look on his face. 
Joan patted his shoulder gently, her actions contradicting the cold glint that flashed in her eyes. 
“You heard him. My son didn’t beat your son up. On the contrary, I’m pretty curious to know what your son said about me.” Joan walked up to the crying child slowly and gave him a stern look.
###Chapter 1919
Chapter 1919 
Chapter 1919 Jealous Joan 
The child stopped crying immediately. 
“Hey kid, what did you say about me?” Joan smiled lightly and asked. 
The boy quickly ran behind his mother and began to cry again. 
“Hey, what on earth are you doing? How can you bully my son as well?” The woman pushed Joan to the floor. 
“Mom!” Lucius ran up to Joan and helped her up. 
Joan stood up, dusted her clothes, and smiled at Lucius to show that she’s fine. 
“Miss, she didn’t bully your son…” 
“Shut up!” The woman cut the homeroom teacher off. 
The boy behind her cried even more fiercely at that. It was open to debate whether he was doing it on purpose. 
“What do you want?” Joan asked coldly. 
The woman harrumphed. 
They’re probably just ordinary citizens if what they’re wearing is any indication… 
She lifted the corner of her lips.
“I want some money to make up for my son’s mental distress, medical fees, and his time.” 
The homeroom teacher’s eyes widened to the size of saucers as she listened in on their conversation. 
This woman is just making things difficult. 
“What about the money to make up for our family’s mental distress and loss of reputation?” Larry suddenly walked into the office, his presence enveloping the room. 
The homeroom teacher’s eyes lit up as she covered her mouth incredulously. 
The homeroom teacher ran up to Larry. “Mister, you’re…” 
“I’m Lucius’ father,” Larry replied nonchalantly. 
He had only been gone to pump gas, he wasn’t expecting to be met with such a tense atmosphere the moment he entered. 
“Dad!” Lucius threw himself into Larry’s arms. 
The homeroom teacher’s face fell at once. 
So this is Lucius’ dad. With that thought in mind, she took a few steps back. 
“So you’re Lucius’s father. Great, now that his entire family’s here, what are you guys going to do about this?” The woman peered haughtily at Larry and sneered. 
Larry hadn’t even settled the old scores yet. How dare she get a one-up on him? 
“What do you think I should do?” The man stared daggers at the woman. 
The woman was stunned by his imposing manner but quickly regained her composure.
“We only want to be compensated for our mental distress. I’ll let the rest slide,” she demanded. 
Larry shook his head. This wasn’t what he wanted to hear. 
The woman felt a little lost. She didn’t know why the man standing before her looked so intimidating. 
“Your son is an uncultured swine!” she snapped. 
Larry walked up to the child hiding behind the woman and glared at him. 
“So you’re saying your child’s upbringing is better than mine when he badmouths others behind their back?” he retorted fiercely, leaving the woman tongue-tied. 
“Mr. Norton, you should have told me you were coming. I would have sent someone to pick you up.” Suddenly, a man, who was sweating profusely, burst into the room. 
“Honey!” The woman threw herself into the man’s arms and whined coquettishly. 
The man immediately ordered, “Get off me!” The woman immediately moved away from him when she saw the look of contempt on her husband’s face. 
Larry looked at the couple in front of him and sneered. 
No wonder the kid’s uncultured. 
“Mr. Norton, to what do I owe this pleasure?” The man bowed deeply. 
“Oh, I heard my son beat your son up,” Larry said slowly. 
The man was stunned. He shot Lucius and his son a look before he tried to pacify Larry. 
“Oh, Mr. Norton. What are you saying? Your son is simply teaching my son a lesson for bad behavior.”
Larry gave the rude woman a look and sneered. 
“Honey! What are you saying? His son beat our son up!” she shouted.
###Chapter 1920
Chapter 1920 
The man ignored his wife and walked up to the homeroom teacher. 
“Ms. Lee, why don’t you tell us the details?” 
“Well, your son was indeed bad-mouthing Lucius’ mother in front of the other students. Lucius lost his cool and pushed him lightly. They didn’t get into a fight…” 
The crying boy’s mother stared daggers at the homeroom teacher. She badly wanted to give the educator a tight slap. 
“Ms. Lee, you mustn’t lie as an educator!” the woman threatened. 
Larry immediately walked up to the homeroom teacher and patted her shoulders lightly to calm her nerves. 
It was easy to tell who was having the upper hand here. She gave Larry a smile. 
“So that’s what happened. Mr. Norton, I apologize on behalf of my son.” The man bowed once more in apology. 
His wife was stunned. 
Who the hell is this man? Why is my husband sucking up to him? She glared at Larry fiercely. 
Larry trailed on, “But your wife wants us to compensate her for mental distress, medical fees, and…” 
“No, no, no, you should be the one to receive compensation from us.” The man went flush in the face. 
Larry smiled with satisfaction and nodded. “If you insist.”
After that, the two children apologized to one another and returned to class. 
However, Joan was displeased with the outcome. It was uneventful inside the car en route. Larry looked at her curiously. 
“Joan?” he called out tentatively. 
She ignored him as she stared out of the window. 
The car suddenly stopped by the roadside. 
Larry couldn’t stand the awkward atmosphere anymore. “Joan, what happened? Talk to me!” 
The woman turned to look at him with a steely glint in her eyes. 
Does he really not realize what he has done? 
She kept quiet. 
Larry slowly crept up to Joan and leaned in toward her. They were so close they could hear each other’s heartbeats, making Joan stunned by their proximity. 
“Larry, what are you doing?” she asked in a low voice. 
He gripped her chin and kissed her on the lips, leaving her completely stupefied. 
“Larry!” She pushed him away. 
“Calm down!” she panted. 
Her reaction made Larry smile. 
“Tell me why you’re mad then.” He held on to her hand and gave her a serious look.
“Why did you touch that woman just now?” Joan lifted her chin up. 
Larry was confused. Who did I touch? 
“I mean Lucius’ homeroom teacher. Is she prettier than me?” Joan tugged on his tie. 
All at once, Larry recalled what he had done at the school. 
“Oh, no, of course not. The woman was threatening her just now. I was trying to comfort her and calm the teacher’s nerves,” he explained. 
“She can tell right from wrong. She’s a teacher. You didn’t need to do that.” Joan glared at Larry. 
Larry suddenly burst into laughter. 
Joan looked at him, feeling bewildered. 
“Just say you’re jealous. Let’s go. I’ll take you out for a nice dinner!” Larry started the engine and sped off. 
Eventually, Joan let the matter slide. 
It had been a long while since they had spent time together. Larry felt a little guilty about it. 
“I’ll spend the rest of today with you.” He kissed her lightly on the forehead. 
His actions warmed Joan’s heart. 
Inside the restaurant, soft music coupled with dim lighting made up a romantic atmosphere. 
Suddenly, the lights went out.
Joan was so taken aback that she bolted up from her seat. 
Whoosh! Their table lit up. 
Larry had prepared a romantic candlelit dinner. 
“Joan, this is for you.” The man said, gifting her a bouquet of roses.
###Chapter 1921
Chapter 1921 
Tears welled up in Joan’s eyes as she stared at him. 
Meanwhile, in the village, “Grandma, where are my parents?” Lucius asked. 
“Oh, they had… something to attend to. They won’t be coming back for dinner tonight,” Delilah replied with a smile. 
Lucius tilted his head, confused. 
Knock… Knock… Knock… 
Delilah immediately put her guard up. The knocking didn’t sound familiar to her. 
“Who is it?” she shouted. 
Nobody answered, but the knocking continued. 
Delilah walked up to the door and asked once again. 
“Ms. Young, it’s me. Open the door!” a man shouted. 
He doesn’t sound like a robber. 
“Ms. Young, is Mr. Norton around? He’s not picking up his phone,” Lonnie asked. 
“Oh, he has business to attend to. What’s the matter?” Delilah answered cautiously. 
“We have something for him to show our appreciation for his help…” Lonnie explained. 
Hubert’s surgery had been a success, the man had entered the recovery stage.
“Do tell Mr. Norton I will bring what he wants over tomorrow.” Lonnie smiled before walking away. 
Delilah watched as Lonnie left. She wasn’t sure why, but she felt a little uneasy around the man. 
I must be overthinking again. 
Delilah shook her head. 
She immediately told Larry and Joan about Lonnie upon the couple’s return. Larry returned Lonnie’s call soon after. 
“Hello, Mr. Norton, are you perhaps free tomorrow? I have a voice recording which I think you will be very interested in,” Lonnie said in a low voice. 
“Tomorrow sounds fine. I’ll meet you at our usual meeting place.” Larry hung up at that. 
Gabriella, as soon as I get my hands on all the evidence pointing towards you, you’ll be done for. 
His eyes flashed with a fierce light. 
The next morning, Larry arrived at the café early on and waited for Lonnie’s arrival. However, the man didn’t show up after a long while. 
Larry’s face darkened as he pulled out his phone and dialed Lonnie’s number. However, nobody picked up. 
Larry’s blood began boiling at that. 
Bam! The door was slammed shut. 
Joan could tell something bad was going on when she saw the cold look on Larry’s face.
“Larry, what happened?” she walked up to him and asked in a low voice. 
“It’s nothing,” he replied coldly. 
She let it slide since he didn’t want to talk about it. 
It was as if Lonnie had disappeared into thin air as the days went by. Larry felt a little uneasy about it. 
Meanwhile, in the hospital, tears welled up in Hubert’s eyes as he stared at the photo in his hand. 
Larry strolled into the ward and greeted him. However, Hubert totally ignored his presence. 
Larry walked up and saw that it was a photo of Lonnie. 
“Where is he?” Larry growled. 
What’s the meaning of this? He disappeared after telling me he’s going to give me the evidence! Is it the money? Or is he backing out? 
Before Larry could grow angrier, he was stunned when he heard Hubert’s quivering voice say, “He’s gone, forever.” 
He left the country? Or… 
“My darling Lonnie is gone forever!” Hubert wailed. 
Larry immediately understood what was going on. Something had happened to Lonnie. 
He immediately contacted Lonnie’s lackeys to find out what really happened to the man. 
“Mr. Norton, Lonnie’s dead. He was beaten to death,” a man explained in a low voice.
But why aren’t they calling the police? 
Larry stared suspiciously at the few men before him. 
“We can’t call the police… We’re gangsters ourselves. We’ll be doomed if we do that,” the man explained. 
What a cold world this is. They’re just going to pretend they never knew Lonnie since he’s now dead?
###Chapter 1922
Chapter 1922 
“Are you people even human? You guys are trying to shy away from the responsibilities when bad things happen. You should find out the truth instead of hiding here!” Larry bellowed. 
The men lifted their heads up and looked at Larry coldly. 
“What do you know? He was trying to take over Hubert’s position! It was tit for tat.” 
“Yeah, he was in the wrong!” they argued. 
Little did they know that they had all been played by Gabriella. 
The woman, who was hiding in a corner, sneered viciously at the scene unfolding before her eyes. 
Things are getting really interesting. 
Larry was stunned by their explanations. Even though he wasn’t close with Lonnie, he could tell that the man’s loyalty had lied with Hubert. 
It looks like someone must be fanning the flames. 
His eyes flashed with a fierce light at the thought. 
“Where is Lonnie now? Where’s his body?” Larry continued. 
“I couldn’t find it. Heard that it’s been washed away by the current,” a man said in a wistful tone. 
“You went to look for his body?” 
“Why? Are you trying to betray Hubert?”
The other men immediately ganged up on him. What a bunch of losers! 
Larry shot them a look, shook his head, and left. 
They can’t even see what’s happening before their eyes. How are they going to survive in the underworld? How humiliating. 
However, what they said about the river… 
There was only one river located on the other side of the village. 
Did he die on the day we were supposed to meet? Did he pass by the village? 
Larry’s gaze turned sharp and cold. 
“Caspian, I need you to look up someone for me…” 
Everyone had thought Lonnie was dead. However, he was lying in the village’s clinic at the moment. 
“Don’t move. You’re injured all over,” the doctor chided. 
Lonnie opened his eyes and took in his surroundings. 
Is this heaven? 
There’s even an angel dressed in white! 
He massaged his temples in an attempt to sober up. 
“You’re awake? Here, have some water.” The doctor handed him a glass of water. 
“Who in the world did you offend to get beaten up so badly?” the doctor mumbled, more to himself than to his patient.
Lonnie was stunned. So I’m not dead. 
He was supposed to meet up with Larry that day. However, he had headed straight for the village to hand Larry the evidence after finding out that he was being followed. He knew Larry would return to the village after work every day. However, Lonnie was robbed on his way there. 
“Where am I?” Lonnie asked in a low voice. 
“You’re at a clinic, not a hospital.” 
Meanwhile, Larry was flipping through some documents irritably in his office. 
Ring! Ring! At the sound of his phone ringing, Larry hurriedly picked up the call. 
“Boss, he was followed the other day. He was seen driving towards the village, but he suddenly disappeared,” reported Caspian. 
My assumptions were right! 
After that report, Larry ended the call and stared out the window coldly. 
Gabriella, how many people are you going to kill before you stop this nonsense? 
He balled his fists angrily. 
Bam! 
His office door was suddenly kicked open. 
“It’s been a long time, Lars.” Gabriella flipped her hair enticingly. 
Larry turned around and glared daggers at her.
How dare she show up in front of me now? Reckless woman! 
“What are you doing here?” he asked fiercely. 
He wasn’t able to prove Gabriella guilty yet due to a lack of evidence. 
“I came because I miss you, of course.” Gabriella purposefully walked up to Larry, making sure to sway her hips as she made her way to him.
###Chapter 1923
Chapter 1923 
“What’s wrong? Is Joan being too strict with you these days?” Gabriella teased, posing seductively. 
Larry let out a scoff and turned around. 
“Get to the point. I’m a busy man.” 
The woman stared at Larry helplessly. She was aware of how he was dismissing her. 
Larry, I’m not going to let you have your happily ever after since I can’t have you for myself. 
She dug her nails into the flesh of her palm. 
Bam! The clinic’s door was flung open, giving the doctor inside a scare. 
“Mr. Norton, why are you here?” The doctor peered at Larry curiously. 
“I’m looking for someone.” 
His tone sent shivers down the doctor’s spine. 
Joan wasn’t around, and the clinic only consisted of doctors and patients. Who in the world is he looking for? 
“Mr. Norton, Joan’s not around…” 
The doctor quickly shut herself up when she saw the look on his face. 
Fine. Whatever. I’ll just let him do whatever he likes. 
The doctor nodded goodbye and walked to a hut beside the clinic to have lunch with Lonnie.
“Who came?” Lonnie asked with his guard up. 
He would be dead meat if it were the same men who had beaten him up. 
“It’s nothing. Eat up. Ignore it.” The doctor chewed on a piece of meat as she spoke. 
Larry had searched through most of the wards, but Lonnie was nowhere to be found. 
Did Caspian get it wrong? 
Larry pulled out his phone and called the man. 
“Caspian, did you give me wrong information?” he asked impassively. 
“No, boss, he’s definitely there. I’m sure of it!” Caspian said determinedly. 
Larry’s expression grew grim. 
Suddenly, he noticed a small hut beside the clinic. It was where the doctor cooked and had her meals. Larry slowly walked up to the door. He knocked lightly. 
“What is it?” the doctor called out. 
“Can I come in?” Larry asked politely. 
In that instance, Lonnie panicked. “Oh no, I need to hide.” 
“Why? He’s not here for you.” The doctor grabbed Lonnie’s arm. 
However, Lonnie felt it was better to be safe than sorry in these trying times. 
Larry placed his ear on the door and listened in.
She’s having a conversation! Larry furrowed his brows. 
“Doc, it’s kind of complicated. I’ll explain everything to you later. Can you please help hide me first…” Lonnie said anxiously. 
The doctor became alert as she stared at man before him. 
He’s not a wanted criminal, is he? 
“Hurry!” Lonnie wailed. 
The doctor was so terrified upon that thought that she immediately pointed at the cupboard beside her and watched as Lonnie hid himself there. 
The doctor took a deep breath, calmed herself down, and opened the door. 
She smiled awkwardly when she came to face Larry. “Mr. Norton, how can I help you?” 
The man barged into the hut and looked around. 
“Were you alone just now?” he asked coldly. 
The doctor hesitated for a bit, deciding to cover up for Lonnie in the end. 
“Yeah, I was alone,” she replied cautiously. 
Larry regarded her with eyes that held suspicion. 
Why is she lying? She wasn’t alone just now. 
“Doctor, have you seen a green-haired man anywhere?”
She hesitated for a bit before denying. 
Larry could tell that she was lying based on her awkward reaction. However, he didn’t understand why she was doing it. 
Lonnie held his breath as he hid in the cupboard. Even though the man’s voice sounded familiar, he dared not reveal himself because he couldn’t seem to recall whose voice it belonged to. 
After a brief exchange, Larry left the clinic and walked over to Delilah’s house. 
“Larry, what happened?” Why do you look so glum these days?” Joan questioned worriedly as she went to grab hold of his arms.
###Chapter 1924
Chapter 1924 
Larry’s eyes lit up as an idea flashed in his mind. “Joan, aren’t you close friends with the doctor in the clinic?” He looked at her, questioning in his gaze. 
The woman stared at him blankly before answering him. “Yes, I am.” 
“Why don’t you invite her over for a meal?” Larry suggested all of a sudden. 
What’s he plotting this time? Joan looked at him suspiciously with a hint of curiosity in her eyes. 
“Hey, don’t look at me like that. Think about it. You both share a great relationship. It’ll make sense to have her over for a meal. Besides, we could ask her to take good care of Delilah if we were to leave one day…” Larry quickly responded. 
He’s right. Why didn’t I think of that? Joan nodded slowly at his words. 
I’m glad Larry’s a thoughtful and considerate man. We should establish a good relationship with her in case anything happens in the future. 
“Alright. Let me give her a call then,” Joan said softly. 
The corner of Larry’s lips curled into a grin. 
“Joan, I’ll head out now,” Larry shouted when he saw Joan hang up the call. 
The woman whipped her head towards the direction of his voice and hurriedly ran up to him. 
“What’s going on with you? It was your idea to have her over for dinner, and now you’re heading off?” Displeasure was written all over her face.
“I…” Larry hesitated as he tried to think of an excuse to leave. 
“I received a call earlier from the office. Something urgent came up that needs to be dealt with immediately,” he stated, praying Joan would take the bait. 
Why’s it always work? Joan crossed her arms and looked at him unhappily. 
“Come on; I’ll be back right away as soon as I get it settled, alright? I promise I’ll be back before you finish dinner,” Larry said as he tapped on his chest lightly. 
Forget it. I know he’s working hard for the sake of the family. 
“Okay, go ahead. Please be careful,” Joan said. 
Larry pulled her into his arms, kissing the top of her head gently. 
Soon enough, the lady from the clinic arrived at Delilah’s residence. 
At the same time, Larry arrived the entrance of the clinic. 
The lights in the clinic were still on; it was just as he expected! 
Larry curled his lips into a playful grin as he stared at the clinic. 
Upon seeing a child in the clinic, he walked up to him, squatted down, and said, “I need you to do me a small favor. All you need to do is knock on the door, tell the doctor that you have a stomachache, and ask for a prescription.” 
He continued, “Take this. But, you have to promise me that you’ll keep this a secret. Can you do that for me?” Larry tapped on the child’s shoulder gently as he passed him some money. 
The child smiled in delight at the deal being offered. “I will not disappoint you, sir!”
Knock! Knock! Knock! 
Lonnie instantly grew alert at the sound. He shot a sharp glance at the door. 
“Doctor, please open the door! My stomach hurts! Please give me some medicine!” The child cried out, clutching his stomach, true to his act. 
Lonnie let out a sigh of relief. Oh, it’s a child! 
No one answered the door. 
The child looked at Larry and frowned, beginning to think there weren’t any doctors in the clinic. 
Larry looked at the closed door thoughtfully. Hmm… I knew this would happen. But fear not, everything’s going just as planned. 
“It’s okay, go on,” Larry whispered as he waved the money, giving the boy initiative to continue. 
The child instantly went back to “work” with even more enthusiasm. 
“Doctor, please open up! My stomach hurts so much!” the child shouted. 
No one in the clinic responded to his cry once again. 
The child decided to try a different approach as he threw himself on the ground and cried loudly. 
“Help! Someone help me! I’m dying in pain!” 
Larry was shocked at the child’s behavior. 
Lonnie could not bear to see the child in so much pain. Hence, he opened the door of the clinic and walked out.
Larry snagged that chance. He rushed up to Lonnie and grabbed him by the neck. 
Both Larry and Lonnie were stunned when they saw each other. On the other hand, the child was still busy crying on the ground. 
“Erm, kid? You can stop now. Your work here’s done!” Larry chuckled as he handed him the money. 
The child’s eyes sparkled in joy, and he sprung from the ground, running off with the money clutched tightly in his hand. 
“Mr. Norton?” Lonnie asked in surprise as he stared at the man before him. 
“So it was you,” Larry said as he observed his surroundings.
###Chapter 1925
Chapter 1925 
“Come on, let’s talk inside,” Lonnie suggested. 
Larry’s eyes darkened when Lonnie explained what had happened to him. 
“So, who do you think was behind all this?” he asked tentatively. 
Who else could it be besides Gabriella? I can’t think of anyone else who’d be so cruel to want Lonnie dead so badly. 
“I’m pretty sure it’s Gabriella. She even persuaded me to take over Mr. Newman’s place, but I rejected her…” Lonnie muttered. 
Suddenly, everything made sense to Larry. No wonder everyone was indifferent towards Lonnie’s incident! 
“What are you planning to do next?” Larry asked him in a serious tone. 
“Mr. Norton, I was thrown into the river. Therefore, the recording is now nowhere to be found. I can’t provide you any sort of evidence now. However, I do a copy. But…” Lonnie hesitated. 
“What’s wrong?” Larry urged. 
“Gabriella wouldn’t have let me off so easily. Thus, I guess she would have sent someone to look for the recording that’s kept in my house,” Lonnie answered as his eyes dimmed. 
He’s right. Gabriella has always been very cautious when dealing with such matters. 
“Send me the address. I’ll go take a look,” Larry said.
Lonnie was going through a rough time, so Larry advised him to stay at the clinic until he gets better. He’s a witness, after all. I can’t let anything happen to him. 
“Mr. Norton!” Lonnie called out with an embarrassed expression on his face. 
“Please take care of Mr. Newman too,” Lonnie said softly. 
What a righteous man! 
Larry’s lips curled into a smile as he gestured an “okay” sign to him and left. 
“Larry, I think the person has gone abroad.” Caspian looked at him cautiously. 
Larry was looking out of the window and didn’t seem to hear Caspian’s words. 
The former spoke after a long time, “You can put that matter on hold for now. I need you to do something else.” 
I wonder when I will ever find peace when there’s so much going on? Sadness flashed before his eyes as he recalled the incidents in the past. 
“You’re mom’s a homewrecker! I’m sure of it!” 
“She’s not!” Lucius defended. 
“Yes, she is! She seduced the president of a big company and the husband of her best friend…” 
“You’re mom’s a terrible woman…” A few classmates blurted out as they gathered around Lucius. 
“You’re mom’s a b*tch!” 
“You’re just as terrible as your mom!” The children hurled one insult after another.
“Shut up! No, she’s not!” Lucius shouted. 
“Lucius.” Joan appeared by the corner at that moment in time. 
“Mom.” Lucius ran into Joan’s arms and hugged her tightly. 
Joan instantly knew that he had been mistreated. She comforted him, patting his back lightly. 
“Mom, you’re not a homewrecker, are you? You didn’t seduce your best friend’s husband.” Lucius looked at her expectedly, his eyes filled with tears. 
Joan did not answer him right away. The whole matter was rather complicated. 
There was no romance between Larry and Gabriella, nor did he ever acknowledge her as his girlfriend. Thus, I don’t understand why others assume I seduced him. Besides, I don’t believe she has ever treated me as her bestie. 
“Lucius, things are much more complicated between us adults. But I promise you that I haven’t done anything against my conscience,” Joan explained as she looked at the young boy. 
Lucius let out a bright smile as soon as he heard her words. He chose to believe whatever Joan told him. 
“Mom, I’m craving for buffalo wings today,” Lucius said cheekily as he held Joan’s hand. 
“Sure. I’ll also make some other favorite dishes of yours, alright?” she replied as she pinched his cheeks adoringly.
###Chapter 1926
Chapter 1926 
Gabriella stood by a corner and watched the two of them leave. She observed them like a hungry wolf, waiting to pounce on its prey. 
My dear Joan, I’m coming for you! Gabriella thought to herself as she clenched her fists. 
“Dad!” Lucius threw himself into Larry’s arms as soon as he arrived home. 
Larry was very pleased to see the boy and tightly hugged him back. 
“Dad, you’ll only love Mom forever, right?” Lucius suddenly piped. 
Oh my, how can he be interested in love at such a young age? Larry looked at him questioningly as his lips curled into a grin. 
“What’s wrong, Lucius? Are you in love?” Larry pinched Lucius’s cheeks playfully. 
“Dad, a good man should only love one woman for the rest of his life,” the young boy said deliberately. 
What’s going on? Why’s he behaving so weirdly today? Larry looked at him suspiciously. 
“Lucius, did you hear something today at school?” he asked softly. 
Lucius glanced gloomily at Joan, who was busy cooking in the kitchen. Noting his hesitance, Larry quickly carried the child into his room. 
“Lucius, you must tell me if there’s anything wrong. We’re a family, and I don’t want to see you or Mom getting hurt,” Larry said seriously.
“My classmates called Mom a homewrecker after school today. They even said she took away the husband of her bestie…” Lucius uttered with his head hung low. 
Larry’s gaze darkened as soon as he heard that sentence. 
Why are all these past matters being brought up again? In fact, everything that’s been circulating is all fake! 
Damn, it seems like you’re ready for a battle, Gabriella! 
Larry clenched his fists tightly, anger flashing in his eyes. I would have sent you to jail if it wasn’t for the destroyed evidence! 
“Come here, Lucius. Remember this. Your mom’s not a homewrecker, nor did she seduce anyone’s husband or boyfriend. Could you tell me who told you all this?” Larry asked, looking expectantly at the young boy in front of him. 
“It was from a classmate of mine in school!” the boy answered softly. 
How could she use a child to carry out her dirty plans! 
“Okay. How about this? I’ll pick you up from school tomorrow. How does that sound?” 
Meanwhile, Gabriella was handing a child a handful of candy. “Here, you did great yesterday.” 
“Thank you, Madam. Shall I continue doing so today as well?” The child took the candy offered and glanced at Gabriella’s beautiful face in adoration. 
“Yes. Do your best today!” the woman said deliberately. 
The child soon left happily with the candy in hand.
Oh, Joan, I always knew you disliked rumors. So, here’s a taste of what you fear most! Let’s see how well your beloved Lucius can take all of this! Don’t blame me for this. You deserve every bit of what’s in store for you! Gabriella stared at the school, lost in thought. 
Once again, Lucius was surrounded by the same bunch of kids yesterday. They laughed and ridiculed him. 
“Hold up!” A man ordered as the children went silent. 
They stopped in their tracks and turned around slowly to face the mysterious voice. The children took a few steps back as they watched Larry approach them slowly. 
“What did you all just say?” he asked emotionlessly. 
Lucius instantly knew Larry was mad and was about to lose his temper. The man was never one to lose his temper easily. However, he’d become a demon once he does. 
“We weren’t talking about you, sir,” a boy answered cutely. 
Larry smiled as he tapped the child’s shoulder lightly. 
“I know you weren’t. But do you know what you’re doing was defamation and you would be held legally responsible? However, you’re just children. Perhaps your parents would have to face the consequences on your behalf?” Larry threatened softly. 
“No! I don’t want my Dad to go to prison!” a young girl cried out. 
The group of children instantly panicked as they turned and glanced at their leader.
###Chapter 1927
Chapter 1927 
“Boss, I quit. I don’t want your candy anymore. I have to go home now.” a boy said as he hurriedly ran off. 
“Boss, I have to be home for dinner. I’d be in big trouble if I get home late. So, I’ll get going now!” 
In a blink of an eye, the child who started the ridicule was the only one left. The children disappeared one by one. 
The only child left was now frightened. He froze in place and dared not move. 
“What’s wrong?” Larry asked him gently, warning lacing his tone. 
“I’m sorry. Madam told me to this and gave me these candies in return. Please, don’t send my parents to jail!” the child begged, teary-eyed. 
Larry hesitated. 
Ugh, forget it. He’s just a child whom that woman made use of. 
He let out a sigh and caressed the teary-eyed child’s head. 
“Then promise me that you’ll never do something like this again, alright?” Larry asked. 
“Okay, sir. Thank you.” The child burst into tears of relief. 
“I’m sorry, Lucius. I’ve been very mean to you in the past. Could you forgive me?” 
A child was as innocent as a lamb. If one knew that their actions would cause harm to their parents, they would surely stop immediately.
“Alright, I forgive you. We’re friends, after all.” Lucius smiled. 
The two children reconciled and became good buddies once again. 
Damn it! Gabriella, who was watching the scene, smashed her fist into a wall. 
Why did he appear? Her eyes burned in anger. 
“Mom!” Lucius rushed into Joan’s arms. 
“Mom, I have good news…” He leaned into her ear excitedly. 
Joan was touched when she heard Lucius tell her how Larry had settled the problems that bothered her. Her heart filled with warmth from his actions; she felt very grateful to have the man in her life. 
“Mom, I believe both you and Dad love and respect each other. I want you two to live a long life as a couple!” Lucius exclaimed happily as he patted his chest. 
Wow… He may be young, but he seems to know a lot of things. How mature of him. 
“Oh wow, look at you go.” Joan stared at Lucius as she planted a kiss on his forehead lovingly. 
Ding! Ding! Ding… 
Larry looked at his phone and quickly picked up the call. 
“Larry, it seems like someone’s been here before. Everything’s a mess,” Caspian reported. 
I knew it! We were too late after all! But since when did Gabriella become so meticulous? 
Larry pondered the situation as he squinted his eyes. Does her change have anything to do with her trip overseas?
“Take a good look around. Lonnie said there’s a USB drive he kept well hidden. Try to see if there’s any other evidence that might be useful to us,” Larry answered. 
The men exchanged a few more words before the call was ended by Larry. 
He looked out of the window, deep in thought. 
Ring! Ring! 
Suddenly, his phone rang once again. 
“Hello, Mr. Norton? When are you returning to the office? A few directors of the board have decided to resign. They intend to cash out or sell their shares to someone else…” His assistant sounded panic- stricken. 
Larry’s eyes turned colder if it were even possible. 
What are these old foxes up to this time? 
“Alright, I’ll return tomorrow morning.” 
Why’s everything spiraling out of my control? So many things have happened one after another. First, it was my family, and now it’s the company. Larry’s head began to ache at the thought of everything as he rubbed his temples. 
Upon seeing Larry so drained, Joan asked worriedly, “What’s wrong? Are you feeling unwell?” 
Larry looked at her and held her in his arms, drawing his lips close to her hair. 
“It’s nothing,” he replied tiredly.
Joan knew he was exhausted from taking care of matters in the household and the office and wanted to ease his burden. 
“Larry, leave the household matters to me from now onwards. Now, I know what you’re going to say. But, don’t worry. We’re not in the city, so there shouldn’t be any trouble. You should focus on your company matters.” She leaned against his chest as she spoke. 
The man kept quiet as he hugged her tightly in his arms. 
The next day, Larry left for the company in the morning.
###Chapter 1928
Chapter 1928 
“Mr. Norton, I would like to live a quiet and relaxing life now that I’m old. So please…” 
“Indeed, we’ve passed our prime…” the Shareholders each voiced their reasons as they glanced at Larry in disdain. 
Larry closed his eyes and took a deep breath to calm himself. 
The show must go on despite whoever leaves Norton Corporation. 
“Alright. I believe you’ve already made up your mind. So, would you like to cash out your shares to me or someone else?” Larry asked directly without wasting any time. 
The shareholders looked shocked by the fact that he had agreed so easily. They had not expected Larry to do so without a fight. 
They had merely wanted to threaten Larry in hopes that the man would be more respectful towards them. Their last resort had been to ultimately leave the company. 
Norton Corporation had gone through countless challenges to become the company it was today. Thus, no one was willing to cause trouble. No one wanted to fight over the so-called benefits for themselves, especially at the age of retirement. Their lives were what was deemed the most important! 
“Mr. Norton, is this something you’ve always looked forward to?” a Shareholder queried all of a sudden. 
Larry let out a cold laugh as he shot the man an icy glare. 
“My dear shareholders, I believe you’ve witnessed how far the Norton Corporation has come all this while. It wasn’t an easy journey; we faced many problems like any other corporation out there. We’ve
overcome so many challenges together. Therefore, I hold a clear conscience against every one of you. Yet, now you’ve decided to leave as you please. Haven’t you thought of my feelings? Larry slammed his palms flat on the table. 
The shareholders were taken back by his words. The tension in the atmosphere intensified. 
“I was the one who took matters into my own hands when the company was in deep waters. On the other hand, you only showed support when the company was making a profit. So, what do you all want now? You wish to resign altogether? Go ahead. I’ll sign it right away as soon as you hand me your resignation letter. That’s all!” Larry got up and headed towards the door. 
“Mr. Norton!” a Shareholder called out. 
“Let’s talk this out. We shouldn’t fight among one another, especially when the company’s in a stable condition,” the shareholder said. 
“There’s no need for that. I’ve decided to withdraw my shares!” a senior shareholder claimed. 
Larry grunted coldly as he side-eyed that particular shareholder. 
In fact, the remaining shareholders had not planned to withdraw their shares. Yet, they were now under the pressure of the senior shareholder to do the same thing. All of them had joined forces only because they were convinced that Larry wouldn’t provide them with the best benefits. Nevertheless, Larry was aware that some shareholders did not intend to participate in this drama. 
“I’ll give you three days to consider. If you choose to stay, you will be rewarded. If not, please feel free to leave!” Larry said flatly as he left. 
I’ve had enough with these people.
A few shareholders instantly got up and left while a few senior shareholders remained seated in the meeting room. 
“Mr. Norton!” A shareholder suddenly rushed up to Larry. 
Larry knew that that particular man had been forced by the others, but he was mad that the shareholder had succumbed under pressure. 
The startled staggered backward when Larry shot him a cold look. 
“Erm, Mr. Norton? I would… like to have a chat with you,” the man stuttered. 
“We’ll talk in my office,” Larry quipped. 
After that rectification, the company regained its peace. The greedy “old foxes” got what they wanted as they cashed out their shares and invested the money in other companies. On the other hand, some shareholders returned to their hometowns to live peacefully. 
“Mr. Norton, besides those who returned to their hometowns, the other shareholders have all sold their shares,” his assistant reported. 
Well, I’m not surprised. I knew they would do so. 
“Find out who they sold it to,” he answered coldly. 
“There’s no need for that.” a man interrupted as he walked into the office. 
Larry looked at the newcomer questioningly, unconvinced.
###Chapter 1929
Chapter 1929 
Could it be him? 
“You’re right. It’s me,” Dustin said, walking over to a sofa to take a seat. 
“Could you give us a moment?” Larry gestured to his assistant. 
“What do you want?” the man questioned as he got up to walk over to the other man in the room. 
Dustin sneered. 
What’s with the face? Is he scared? 
“What else can I do? I merely bought some shares,” Dustin answered. 
Those scumbags! How could they sell the shares to him when they knew we have beef! 
Larry clenched his fists tightly in anger. 
“I’ll do my best, Mr. Norton. It’ll be nice working with you!” Dustin walked towards Larry and stretched out his right hand. 
No wonder you’re a doctor. Look how hypocritical you look! 
Larry grunted. 
“Mr. Silverman, it’s been a while! I look forward to a great cooperation with you as well!” he grumpily said and shook Dustin’s outstretched hand. 
Ring! Ring!
Gabriella glanced at the caller ID and answered the call immediately. 
“Hello, Ms. Ward. We’ve looked around a few times, but we still can’t find the recording you’ve mentioned,” a man reported. 
Useless trash! Why can’t you find it? 
Gabriella frowned, her eyes narrowing in deep contemplation. 
“Keep looking! He must have a backup hidden somewhere in the house!” she yelled. 
“We’ve searched the house several times, and there’s no sign of it. Besides…” the man hesitated. 
“Besides what?” the woman asked coldly. 
“Besides us, I believed someone else came by looking for something as well,” the man answered. 
Damn it! 
Gabriella gripped her hands tightly. 
Could it be Larry? Her eyes dimmed at the thought. 
“Find it! I don’t care how you do it. Even if you have to flip the house upside down to get it, do it! Or else, you won’t get the remaining money I promised!” Gabriella hung up in a huff after that. 
Oh Larry, I guess I’ve underestimated you! 
Gabriella gritted her teeth. 
“Boss, I found a USB drive, but…” Caspian trailed off. 
“But what?” Larry urged.
“But the USB drive’s in bad shape,” Caspian finished. 
“Bring it back here. We’ll try to fix it,” Larry instructed before he hung up. 
Yes! We’ve finally found it! There’s nowhere to run now, Gabriella! 
Larry eyed the corner of his office, the anger in his eyes slowly subsiding. However, he soon heard a sharp cry. 
“Excuse me, Miss! You aren’t permitted go in there!” Larry’s assistant yelled. 
Larry frowned as he listened to the commotion going on outside his office. Well, who would cause such a huge commotion besides Gabriella? 
“Larry!” The woman he had in mind approached him sweetly. 
“What do you want? I’m busy.” He didn’t look up to meet her gaze. 
“Larry, have you forgotten what day it is?” She batted her eyelashes at him. 
He did not respond. 
Anything related to you has nothing to do with me! 
Gabriella grew anxious when she noticed Larry ignoring her. The man flipped through his documents in silence, his eyes looking anywhere but her. 
“Larry, it’s my birthday today!” she yelled. 
The man sneered. How does that concern me?
“Larry, my Dad kicked me out because of you. It’s my birthday today, so can’t you spend the day with me?” Gabriella asked cautiously. 
I bet it’s just an excuse for you to cause trouble! 
She looked at his emotionless expression, waiting for a response. 
“I’m very busy. Go find someone else to bother,” Larry replied. 
“Come on, Larry. Let’s have a meal together, okay? I have no one left but you.” Gabriella looked at him sadly, playing with her absentmindedly as she did so, 
Larry blinked as if considering her request, but he quickly regained his usual expression. 
“Let me make this clear once again, Gabriella. It’s your fault that you didn’t handle your relationship with your family well. I have nothing to do with it! Furthermore, if you dare try to mess with Joan again, I won’t let you off!” Larry warned as he looked at her, a deadpan expression on his handsome face. 
She really leaves no stones unturned! First, the village, and then Lucius’s school!
###Chapter 1930
Chapter 1930 
“What are you talking about, Lars? How could I make a move on Joan when I haven’t even seen her recently?” 
It irked Gabriella that Larry had rebuffed her numerous attempts to go on a date. 
Damn you, Joan Watts! This is all your fault! 
Gabriella’s demeanor turned bitingly cold. 
“How’s it going?” Larry asked impassively. 
“Hmm. This one’s a complete goner, Larry,” Caspian said with finality. 
Larry’s face was filled with disappointment as he looked at the damaged USB drive. He didn’t know that it contained nothing more than the daily mundanes of Lonnie, Hubert and the rest of their gang. 
“Forget it.” He took it back. 
“I found many electronics and some maintenance tools in his room. He might be trying to fix this thing too.” 
Larry’s eye lit up suddenly, and he rushed down to the village’s clinic with the drive in hand. 
Thump! Thump! Thump! One could hear the urgency from the continuous knocking. 
“Who is it?” the doctor asked aloud. 
“Larry.” 
“Mr. Norton’s cool. Let him in,” Lonnie said with a smile.
As soon as he saw Larry, he asked, “Do you have it?” The latter checked the surrounding, shut the door quickly, and pulled Lonnie into the house. 
“Is this it? Can you fix a damaged USB drive?” Larry handed him the item. 
“You took the wrong one.” Lonnie’s dismay was instantaneous. “I kept it in the corner, sandwiched between the pages of a book. How could you miss it? Hold up. Has anyone else been to my place?” he asked cautiously. 
Larry nodded. 
“Damn, these f*ckers are fast!” Lonnie cussed as he clenched his fists. 
“What’s important now is for you to stay here and keep yourself safe. They must be looking all over for you on Gabriella’s orders. I know she’ll want to see your body even if you’re dead.” Larry patted his shoulders. 
“What about my boss, Mr. Norton?” Lonnie looked worried. 
“I’ll go and check on him at the hospital later.” 
All of Hubert’s earlier medical expenses were covered by Larry, who was tied up recently to make regular visits. 
That was his promise to Lonnie, whose loyalty was what drew Larry to him in the first place. 
After a brief exchange, Larry left the clinic and drove to the hospital. 
“Mr. Norton,” greeted the doctor deferentially. 
“How is he?”
“Physically, he’s fine, but…” the man appeared hesitant. 
“But what?” Larry regarded the man before him inquisitively. 
“Mentally, he’s not all there. According to his boys, Lonnie’s attempt to usurp his position shocked him,” the doctor replied calmly. 
What a load of bullsh*t! 
Larry thought as he glared at the men standing guard at the door. 
Hubert was looking at Lonnie’s photo and weeping when I last visited. What could have made him lose his mind? 
Larry secretly sensed that something was amiss. 
“Ms. Ward!” 
Gabriella unexpectedly appeared in front of him. 
“Ah, what are you doing here, Larry?” she asked as she primped her hair. 
“Got some stuff to sort out. You…” Larry’s gaze shifted between Gabriella and Hubert, who was laying in the ward. 
“Oh, I’m here to visit a friend.” Gabriella then gestured toward Hubert. 
Larry smirked. She thinks I’m a fool! 
The men standing guard clearly addressed her as Ms. Ward. It would seem that she already had them wrapped around her finger.
Gabriella, Gabriella. Aren’t you something? Pulling this off so smoothly!
###Chapter 1931
Chapter 1931 
“Looking great today, Ms. Ward,” one of the boys commented. 
Gabriella turned and shot the man a look, which shut him right up. 
“It’s such a wonderful coincidence for us to run into each other today. Why don’t we go grab a bite together?” she said as she rested her right hand on Larry’s shoulders. 
He shrugged her off rather strongly, which left the woman feeling a little awkward. 
“Is he bothering you, Ms. Ward?” The men left their positions at the door behind and approached. 
Gabriella forced out a smile and waved them off. 
“It’s fine. I’m just joking around with my friend here,” she said. 
“I’ve other things to attend to, so I should get going.” With that, Larry turned to leave. 
Gabriella watched the silhouette of the departing man fade before she hurled the thermal insulated container in her hand onto the floor. That shocked the men. 
Just you wait, Larry Norton. One day, I’ll have you begging! 
The woman’s gaze was scorching. 
Ding, ding, ding… 
Larry answered phone quickly after one quick glance at the incoming caller ID. 
“Hey Larry, when will you be coming back? Ms. Young and I have prepared the dumplings. We’re just waiting to put them to pot,” Joan said.
“I miss you so much, Daddy!” Another energetic voice came through the other end of the phone. 
That put a smile of gratification on Larry’s face. 
He loved his life. His wife and kid would wait at home in the evenings for him to come back from work. That felt more like home. 
“Hey, look what you’ve done, Lucius. You’ve gotten flour all over my face,” Joan groaned. 
“He did it on purpose.” Delilah chuckled. 
A warm and fuzzy feeling crept into Larry hearing their voices from the other end of the phone. All his troubles seemed to have evaporated there and then. 
“You must come back quickly, Daddy,” the cheeky boy said. 
“Okay, I will be right back.” 
It was already dark by the time he returned home. Larry thought they would be done with dinner, but to his surprise, everyone was waiting for him in the living room. 
“Oh good. I’ll go put them to boil now.” Delilah yawned. 
“You’re finally back, Daddy.” Lucius stretched himself, as though he had just woke up. 
Larry had to make a detour to his office when he was halfway home. He received a call pertaining to a matter that required his immediate attention. He had expressly informed Joan of this over the phone and asked them not to wait. 
“Why haven’t all of you eaten yet?” Larry looked at Joan in astonishment.
“We were waiting for you. Ms. Young said the dumplings taste better when we have them together as a family,” she replied with a slight smile. 
“Ms. Young.” Larry walked steadily toward Delilah, feeling profoundly moved. 
“Alright. Save your mushiness for your Joan!” she quipped with a laugh. 
“No, save them for me! I want to eat more today!” Lucius abruptly chimed in. 
That had the entire family in stitches. 
…“I’ve found him, Larry,” Caspian said. 
Larry jumped to his feet. “Where is he?” 
“Already here.” 
Larry smirked. 
Finally! The man ecstatically pumped his fists. 
Bang! The door was kicked wide open. 
Larry stared murderously at the disheveled man who lay unconscious on the floor. 
“He’s an addict,” Caspian stated plainly. 
No wonder he asked for so much money! Larry regarded the man frostily. 
Splash!
The man finally came to after a bucket of cold water was poured unreservedly on him. “Who are you people?” he asked as he slowly stirred. 
Suddenly, his eyes widened upon recognizing Larry. 
“Why am I here, Mr. Norton?” the man asked in feigned ignorance. 
Larry sneered and snuffed out the cigarette between his own fingers. He had stopped smoking for a long time. However, after what befell Joan, he kept up the habit every night until her reemergence.
###Chapter 1932
Chapter 1932 
“What’s going on now? Don’t you know the rules of the trade? What are you trying to prove by disappearing on me?” Larry glared at the man on the floor. 
“I’m so sorry, Mr. Norton. I’ve my reasons, so please let me off.” The addict abruptly got on his knees and begged, appearing quite aggrieved. 
Larry walked steadily and squatted down in front of the man. 
“What reasons could you possibly have?” He lifted the latter’s chin and asked expectantly in a low voice. 
“Whatever it is, you should not have played me out!” With a powerful strike, he sent the man hurtling towards the side of the room. 
The man touched his bloodied lips and evoked a look of piteousness. 
“Mr. Norton, I told you everything about the traffic accident. I was just passing through by chance that day. I really know nothing about the driver who was responsible.” 
Larry snorted at his hasty explanation and said, “Hand him over to the cops and let them deal with him.” 
“No, please don’t do this, Mr. Norton!” The man panicked. 
Larry walked off without looking back. He was not in the habit of giving second chances. 
Twice! Gabriella, oh Gabriella. Who the h*ll embolden you? 
Thump!
Larry furiously drove a fist into the wall. 
“How’s the search going?” 
“We’ve looked everywhere, but there’s no sign of that white USB drive he mentioned. Could someone else have taken it, or did Lonnie remember it wrong?” Caspian asked, quite concerned. 
“I don’t believe so,” Larry replied. 
He knew that Gabriella, too, was on the lookout for the USB drive. Otherwise, there wouldn’t be so many people actively searching for it apart from Caspian. 
“Why don’t we take him along?” the bodyguard asked. 
It is not a bad idea, but… 
Larry furrowed, somewhat hesitant. I can’t risk his life for the evidence! 
“In that case, increase the manpower. You’ve to ensure his safety.” He regarded Caspian intently. 
Knock. Knock. Knock. 
“Mr. Norton.” 
For some reason, Larry felt uneasy when he saw Lonnie. 
When his intention was explained to him, Lonnie readily agreed. 
“Don’t worry, Mr. Norton. Rest assured that I’ll do my best.” 
“Remember. Your safety is the most important thing, no matter what happens. Even if the evidence is lost, we’re good, so long as you are safe. Do you understand?”
Lonnie was touched. 
Apart from Hubert, Larry was the only other person who cared about him. 
The very next day, Caspian escorted Lonnie to the house as planned. 
“We should be good. I’ve brought along more men this time,” the bodyguard said as he placed a comforting hand on the latter’s shoulders. 
Lonnie merely smiled. 
“There’s a vehicle on our tail,” a middle-aged man suddenly said. 
Caspian turned and saw that they were indeed being followed. He was curious to see what would happen next. 
“In that case, we shan’t go there. Circle the area.” 
“Here they come,” Lonnie said grimly with his head lowered. 
“Who are these people?” 
“Some boys who served under me.” 
Caspian was astounded. 
Are they going to kill their own second-in-command? 
“Why?” he regarded Lonnie quizzically. 
“They’re manipulated into believing that I’m after Mr. Newman’s position. But I’m not.”
That woman must be responsible for this!How many more people does she want to ruin before she’ll stop? 
“Gabriella’s behind this,” Lonnie continued. 
Gabriella again! 
There was a murderous glint in Caspian’s eyes.
###Chapter 1933
Chapter 1933 
“You’re right, Caspian. They’re still onto us,” the middle-aged man said. 
Caspian quickly pulled out his phone and made a call. “Hey, pull over and stop the vehicle behind us! Make it fast!” 
A third car then abruptly put itself between the two vehicles. From it, a couple of men alighted and went straight for that vehicle on their tail. 
Ring, ring, ring… 
Caspian glanced at the display and picked up promptly. 
“Pull out and return immediately. You must ensure his safety!” Larry said. 
“Understood!” Caspian ended the call and instructed, “Back the way we came.” 
“Aren’t we headed there?” Lonnie asked. 
“Larry wants to prioritize your safety,” Caspian replied as he monitored the rear in vigilance. 
Unbeknownst to them, they were being followed by more than just the one car. 
“Mr. Norton’s a good man,” Lonnie said with relief. 
“I wouldn’t have served him for so many years if he wasn’t,” Caspian mumbled under his breath. Then he asked, “Are we in the clear yet?” 
“So far, so good,” replied the middle-aged man at the wheel.
Caspian was especially meticulous in this aspect. He avoided sending Lonnie directly to the clinic, choosing to continue circling the roundabout. 
“That should be enough, Caspian,” the driver said. 
Caspian remained unsure as he checked the rear to his left and right. 
“No. Tell you what. Swap your clothes, the both of you,” he said as he nudged Lonnie and regarded the man in the front. 
“Thank you, Caspian,” said Lonnie, deeply moved. 
“No need for that. You can thank me by staying alive.” 
“What’s the situation?” Larry asked, concerned. 
“We’re safe and on the way back,” came Caspian’s quick reply. 
Larry let out a sigh of relief before he looked out of the window, but little did he know that some visitors had amassed all around the clinic in the village. 
Knock. Knock. Knock. 
The pounding on the door grew more threatening. Lonnie looked at the doctor. The fear that gnawed at him from the inside was surfacing, and it showed on his face. 
“This is no courtesy call,” he whispered. 
“Hide yourself, and quickly!” The doctor then led the man to a concealed basement. 
“Don’t come out without my say-so!” With that, she shut the door after him.
The village had been the setting for many skirmishes in the past, so the fact that the clinic had a basement was nothing out of the ordinary. 
Back in the day, this basement had saved countless lives in the entire village. Since the descendants rebuilt the village after the war, very few were aware of its existence. 
“You… Who are you looking for?” the doctor asked. 
“Out of my way!” One man shoved the doctor aside and went straight inside. 
“Hey, what do you think you’re doing. This is a private property and you’re trespassing!” the doctor shouted in protest. 
Bang! 
Thud! 
The house was turned inside-out; medication, drips, and test tubes were left strewn across the floor. 
“No one’s inside, Boss.” 
“I’ve got nothing here either!” 
A few men ran back and reported to their boss. 
Damn it! He got away! 
The leader of the pack grabbed the doctor and pinned her down on the rickety couch to the side. 
“Where is he?” he demanded. 
“W-Who a-are you talking about?” she stuttered because her body was trembling so badly.
“We… are talking… about the man with green hair.” The head of the thugs mimicked her in mockery. 
What a positively rude man! 
A cold glint flashed across the doctor’s eyes. 
“I’m the only one in the clinic,” she replied resolutely as she faced away.
###Chapter 1934
Chapter 1934 
“Are you sure?” The man looked at her questioningly. 
“I am.” She raised her chin and challenged him with a firm stare. 
With her clinic messed up like this, she had to stand her ground! The doctor’s hands balled into two tight fists. 
“Let me warn you, old hag. Come clean, and save yourself a world of pain,” the man said as he lashed his whip menacingly. 
What a joke! Does he think I’m afraid of him? 
The woman pursed her lips in contempt. 
“Let me say that apart from you lot, I’ve never had animals in here. Besides, I’m a doctor, not a vet!” 
The man regarded her with suspicion. 
Was she not fearful before? How is she so calm now? 
“Aren’t you afraid?” he asked. 
She rolled her eye at him and smirked. 
“What’s there to fear about you? Do you think you can get away with killing me? Hilarious.” The doctor shook her head and taunted, “For all you know, we might be on a live stream right now,”. 
The man immediately relinquished his grip on her and checked his own attire. 
“Search the place for surveillance equipment. Now!” he barked.
What a bunch of fools! 
The doctor rubbed her hands and regarded the men with displeasure. She was curious to see what they could find. 
“Nothing, Boss!” 
“I’ve nothing here either.” 
When the leader made a beeline for the doctor, she panicked. 
She thought that her little lie would scare them off. Never did she expect them to be this thorough. 
Larry, oh Larry. When are you going to show up? 
The doctor shrunk and retreated. 
“You’ve some guts trying to play punk with me!” The leader seized the woman by her shoulders and glared at her. 
“Don’t test my patience. Tell me where he is, or you’ll die in his place!” The man then drove a fist into the wall behind her, staining both it and his own knuckles in fresh crimson. 
“Ah, you’re bleeding!” the doctor said in an attempt at a diversion. 
“Where is he? Out with it!” he bellowed. 
She shuddered, and her eyes evoked a hint of distress. 
“I won’t be able to tell you even if you beat me to death because I don’t even know who you’re looking for. I’m the only one in the clinic all this time,” she said as she tried to collect herself.
“You asked for it…” 
Thump! 
Just as the man was about to lay his hands on the doctor, the door burst open with a kick. 
“What do you think you’re doing on my turf?” Larry said as he stared at the leading thug. 
“What an honor this is, Mr. Norton. May I know to what do we owe the pleasure of your presence.” The thug let go of the doctor and strutted toward Larry. 
“Should I not show up when there’s trouble at my clinic?” Larry asked. 
The leader was taken aback momentarily, but recovered just as quickly. 
“To the best of my knowledge, this is the village’s public clinic,” he said as he twitched his nose. 
Larry sneered. Although he knew the men would come, their arrival was sooner than he had expected. 
“I’ve already bought over the clinic. It now belongs to me,” he replied. 
The air became stilled in an instant. 
“Look at what they’ve done, Mr. Norton. The medicine is no longer usable.” The doctor purposefully ran up and complained to Larry. 
Damned hag! 
The leading thug glared at her with fists clenched. 
F*ck it. I’ll just take you down with me!
“We’re just looking for one of our guys, Larry. I saw him come in here myself,” the leader whispered as he looked at his whip. 
“What’s that you say? Looking for someone? Surely this is not the way to go about with it?” Larry pointed at the mess on the floor. 
“Let’s get out of here, Boss. We can’t afford to offend Mr. Norton.” A young man said as he nudged at the arm of his own leader.
###Chapter 1935
Chapter 1935 
Larry smirked, but said nothing. 
“Shut up! What are you so scared of? He’s just the one man!” the leading thug shouted. 
Then he glared at Larry. 
“Larry!” Suddenly, Caspian arrived with a few dozen men. 
That prompted the thug leader to take a few steps back. He had seen Caspian and knew how formidable he was. 
“We must be mistaken. Sorry for disturbing you at this hour, Mr. Norton,” the man hastened to apologize. 
“Are you going to keep looking?” Larry asked cordially. 
“No, not anymore. It’s late already so we’ll be going.” The man waved it off and motioned for his entire crew to leave. 
“Are you alright?” Caspian looked to Larry in concern. 
The latter dismissed him and approached the doctor. 
“Where is he?” 
“Inside. I’ll go fetch him,” she said as she left the room. 
“Mr. Norton!” Very soon, Lonnie reemerged. 
Seeing that the man was in one piece, Larry finally felt relieved.
If the doctor had not dialed his number secretly with the phone hidden in her sleeve, Larry reckoned that it would have been a long night and the doctor herself might have lost her life. 
“Thank you, Madam.” Larry went up and gave the woman a hug. 
“Silly boy. It was the right thing to do.” She patted him reassuringly on the shoulder. 
“Why has this happened, Caspian?” Larry suddenly turned to regard Caspian with severity. 
“It’s all my fault!” the bodyguard replied with his head lowered in self-reproach. 
“Don’t blame him. Maybe those people were already prepared for this,” Lonnie interjected. 
Now that the clinic was compromised, Larry had Caspian arrange another hideout for Lonnie until the danger passed. 
Ring, ring, ring… 
Joan picked it up quickly. 
“Hello, where are you, Joan? I haven’t seen you in a while. Let’s meet up for some grub,” Nancy said. 
Women behaved differently when they were pregnant. Even their tone changed. 
“Sure.” 
The two women rattled on for a while more before they ended the call. 
“I’m headed out for a few hours, Ms. Young,” Joan said to Delilah. 
“Joan, be careful out there,” the latter said with a smile. 
Everyone in the village was feeling a little uptight recently because of that incident at the clinic.
The restaurant had great ambience; the lighting was subtle, the music mellow, and a pleasant floral scent lingered in the air. 
Nancy was early, so she waited for Joan at a corner table. 
“Over here, Joan!” she hailed excitedly. 
Joan smiled and headed for the table. 
“How have you been?” Joan asked. 
“Hmm, I can’t complain,” Nancy replied sheepishly as she rubbed her own belly. 
Joan’s lips curled into a gratified smile upon seeing the blissful look on her friend’s face. 
“How are things going for y’all? I heard that trouble was abound at Norton Corporation,” Nancy said as she took a sip of coffee. 
Joan was a little stumped. Larry never discussed his work with her, and her own focus had primarily been on the family. 
“What have you heard, Nancy?” 
“It seems that Dustin has bought up quite a bit of stocks in Norton Corporation. That currently makes Larry and him the two biggest shareholders in the company,” Nancy replied unhurriedly. 
Joan was dumbstruck. She suddenly felt a throbbing headache and started massaging her temples. 
“What’s wrong, Joan? Are you not feeling well?” Nancy quickly clasped her own hands around Joan’s. 
“I’m okay. Probably slept too late last night.”
Why would Dustin want to buy up stock in Norton Corporation? Joan contemplated this with her eyes closed.
###Chapter 1936
Chapter 1936 
“Wow. What a coincidence!” A familiar voice rang out. 
“Well, join us,” Nancy said aloud. 
While Dustin made his way over, there was a twinkle of delight in his eyes when he glanced at Joan. 
“Joan’s here too,” the man said. 
“Yeah. I came to catch up with Nancy,” she replied. 
Ring, ring, ring… 
Nancy answered her phone promptly. 
“What? Today? Alright, got it. I’ll be right over.” She appeared quite anxious when she hung up. 
“I’ve got something to attend to. If you don’t mind, Dustin, keep Joan company on my behalf. And don’t you pick on her!” With that, Nancy picked up her bag and dashed for the exit. 
The mood suddenly turned stifling. 
A slightly self-conscious Dustin sat across Joan while she kept her head down and pretended to be focused on working her knife into her steak. 
“Joan, what’s gotten into you today?” He finally broke the silence. 
She paused, laid down her cutlery, and regarded the man earnestly. 
“Why are you making moves on Norton Corporation?” she asked.
So, it’s about this. 
Dustin smirked when he wiped at his own mouth. 
“I could withdraw myself if my entrance into Norton Corporation makes you uncomfortable. I don’t wish to see you unhappy,” he said. 
That made her feel a little discomfited. 
Forget it. The affairs of men was not something she should interfere in. Joan sipped at her coffee. 
“No. It’s just business, but I hope that you and Larry can work together.” 
That’s how much she loves that man! 
Dustin’s fingers wound tightly fists. His initial plan was to buy the shares from some existing shareholders and become Norton Corporation’s largest shareholder. Who would have expected a few of them had a change of heart and sold them to Larry instead! 
Is he dependent on a woman now? 
“Of course we will.” Dustin snorted and stared at his cup of coffee. 
Boom! 
Lightning and thunder accompanied the sudden downpour as it beat down on the windows. Joan shuddered. 
For some reason, she felt strange. 
“What’s wrong, Joan?” Dustin asked with concern.
The woman shook her head and implied that she was okay. 
The growing intensity of the downpour as the sky darkened only added to her burgeoning sense of unease. 
“It’s getting late. Let me send you back,” Dustin said. 
“I…” Joan then turned to see the foul weather outside. 
“I’ll be fine. You should go ahead. Larry will come pick me up later,” she replied. 
Out of fear, she had sent Larry a text to pick her up when she visited the bathroom earlier. 
“Are you sure?” Dustin regarded the unsettled woman with skepticism. 
“Yes. You should go. Larry will be here soon,” Joan said. 
Larry again! 
Dustin sighed. 
Perhaps she does not want him to see her with me!So be it! 
Dustin left her with a few words and departed from the restaurant. 
By this time, Joan was the only customer left inside. The woman clutched her cellphone tightly and looked anxiously at the sky outside. 
The raging storm, the thunder and lightning… everything looked so mortifying. A young tree and the road markers uprooted by the wind were nowhere to be found. 
“Why isn’t he here yet…” she muttered.
“Who are you waiting for? Larry?” The familiar voice of a woman reached Joan’s ears. 
“Gabriella?” Her appearance piqued Joan’s interest even as she regarded the former with suspicion. 
What is she doing here? 
“Are you waiting for Larry?” Gabriella sat herself opposite Joan and regarded her frostily. 
“Yes.” The latter turned away to look out in the direction of the window.
###Chapter 1937
Chapter 1937 
Gabriella snapped her fingers to get the attention of a server who conscientiously brought her a cup of coffee. 
It seemed that she was a regular here. Joan remained guarded as she looked at the woman before her. 
“Let me send you back. Larry won’t be showing up even if you stay the night here,” Gabriella said purposefully. 
Joan sneered. Why would she be so kind as to send me home? And how did she know Larry won’t be coming? 
Joan regarded Gabriella with misgiving but held her own tongue. 
She thought it would be better if they spoke less. Joan looked idly outside the window. 
“I’m talking to you here, Joan Watts. Are you deaf or dumb?” Gabriella glared at the woman across from her. 
“What exactly do you wish to say?” Joan went straight to the point without establishing eye contact. 
The women were best friends once, but Gabriella had hurt her repeatedly. 
What caused two kindred spirits who withheld nothing from each other to become so distant? 
It was the heinousness of human nature! 
“I said that I’ll send you back. Why? Are you afraid or something?” Gabriella said. 
“There’s no need for that. I’ll just wait for Larry,” Joan replied resolutely and answered an incoming call.
“I’m a little busy on my end, Joan, so I don’t think I’ll be able to come fetch you. Could you hire a ride home?” Larry sounded a little harried. 
Joan’s eyes dimmed in that instant. 
They continued talking briefly before the woman hung up. 
Gabriella was practically gloating as she regarded her. A cold glint flashed across her eyes. 
“I’ll make a move first.” Joan suddenly got up to leave. 
“Joan Watts!” Gabriella howled. 
Joan turned to regard the intimidating woman. “What?” 
She knew Gabriella would not let her walk away like this, especially since this chance encounter itself presented the latter with an unmissable opportunity. Joan smirked. 
“What’s the rush? It’s not like I’ll eat you up. Besides, the two of us haven’t really been in touch for a while.” Gabriella’s tone was peculiar. 
Is that what she wants?To catch up? 
Ridiculous! 
“So?” Joan asked. 
“Let’s have dinner together. Surely you haven’t forgotten that it’s the fifth anniversary of our friendship,” Gabriella replied softly. 
Joan was stunned that she actually remembered.
That somehow made her feel a little embarrassed. Perhaps Gabriella was not such a bad person. Maybe she just loved Larry too much. Joan was processing these thoughts for herself. 
“Come. Let’s celebrate!” Gabriella said. 
If that was what she sincerely wanted, perhaps she should not be so petty. 
Joan straightened her own attire and returned to her seat. 
“Do you remember how we used to eat, sleep, go to class, and play together when we were schooling? How happy and blessed we felt back then. But one day, everything changed. I never understood why.” Gabriella’s voice was permeated with sentimentality. 
That profoundly moved Joan. 
How could she forget those good old days? 
It was so nice to have someone stand shoulder to shoulder with oneself through those tough times. 
“Yeah. I remember on one occasion when I’ve forgotten to complete my assignment, and the professor wanted to perform a spot check. I would have been penalized had you not lent me yours…” Joan said with a laugh. 
Very soon, another round of orders was tabled. 
“Hey, another two bottles of reds for us!” Gabriella yelled. 
“No going back sober!” Joan chorused. 
It had been a while since she last dined with Gabriella. That made her nostalgic for the days past quite out of the blue.
“You know, Gabriella, I really had no idea you fancied Larry back then. Had I known, I wouldn’t have dated him…” Joan was red to the ears at this moment, and a little tipsy.
###Chapter 1938
Chapter 1938 
Gabriella’s brows furrowed hard against the woman opposite her, and the corner of her lips curled as though she had her opposite number exactly where she wanted. 
“I don’t believe that with us being so close and having known each other for so long, you couldn’t sense that I liked him?” Gabriella held nothing back. 
Since the other woman was drunk anyway, she found no further need to continue masking her own motives. 
“No really, Gabriella. You know what? I’ve always thought of you as my best friend. But you kidnapped me. Did you know how much that hurt? We’re best friends…” Joan lifted her own glass and emptied it. 
Best friends? Was that why she poached my man? 
Gabriella glared at Joan with one fist clenched tight inside of her other hand. 
“Come on. Bottoms up!” she declared. 
Very soon, Joan was slumped over the table. 
“Joan! Joan!” Gabriella prodded at the unconscious woman with her foot. 
But Joan was totally out of it. 
She really thought I was making peace with her. The foolish woman! 
Gabriella then pulled out her own cellphone. 
“Get yourselves over here, pronto!” she bellowed into the phone before she hung up.
Joan, oh Joan. Don’t blame me for being heartless. I’m doing this today because you stole my man! 
Gabriella’s demeanor had only gotten more chilling since. 
“Ms. Ward!” A few men came bursting into the scene. 
“Take her away and deal with her as you deem fit. And remember. Stay off Larry Norton’s radar.” 
The men gazed at Gabriella and then regarded the unconscious woman. Each and everyone of them smiled slyly. 
“Thank you, Ms. Ward!” And off they went with Joan. 
This is payback, Joan! 
Gabriella narrowed her malicious eyes as she watched the silhouettes of the men fade into the distance. 
“Hello, Ms. Young. Is Joan home yet?” Larry’s voice was mired in anxiety and dread. 
“No. Where did she go? I’ve tried calling too, but no one picked up.” Delilah asked in return. 
Sh*t! 
Larry promptly hung up and dialed Caspian’s number. 
“Round up all your men to find Joan, and hurry!” Larry barked. 
Caspian was taken aback momentarily, but recovered just as quickly. 
“Understood!” 
“Dismissed!” Larry grabbed his coat and dashed out of the meeting room.
“What’s up with Mr. Norton? Why is he in such a rush?” 
“Beats me. Look like something major is up…” Two managers discussed between themselves when they witnessed Larry’s consternation. 
When Joan came to, she found herself locked in a small, dark room. 
“What shall we do with the chick inside?” A man’s voice was heard saying. 
“Don’t you remember what Ms. Ward said? It’s up to our own discretion,” another sneered. 
The voices outside sounded muffled to Joan’s ears. 
Who are they about? Who are these men outside? 
“Ah…” The only thing that was obvious to Joan was the throbbing in her head. 
The woman shut her eyes and attempted to recollect what had transpired prior. She was having dinner with Nancy and Dustin came along, then she ran into Gabriella… 
Gabriella Ward! Suddenly, it all came back to Joan. 
She must be out of her mind to dine in that woman’s company. Joan thumped her fist against her own head, quite upset with herself. 
Thud! The door was kicked wide open. 
She promptly shut her eyes and pretended that she was still out. 
“Hey, get up!” One of the men booted Joan. 
That yielded no response from her.
“That’s not right. The effects of the drug should have worn off by now,” another commented as he regarded the woman on the floor with suspicion. 
“Someone get a bucket!” the man hollered. 
Splash! Joan was completely drenched to the skin. 
“Mm…” she slowly got to her feet and rubbed her eyes. 
“Finally awake, huh?” The man looked as though he meant to kill her.
###Chapter 1939
Chapter 1939 
“Where am I?” Joan asked, in feigned ignorance. 
The corner of the man’s lips curled up wryly as he sneered. 
“Don’t blame us for this, miss. Just doing our job!” With that, he threw Joan into the corner of the room. 
“What do you want with me?” She shrunk and wrapped her arms around herself. 
“Sorry to say that you just pissed off the wrong person. We have to answer to her too,” he said in a low voice before he approached and squatted down in front of her. 
A pair of grubby hands reached out. 
“Get away from me!” Joan screamed in horror. 
The man’s eyes darkened at her resistance. 
“The rest of you, out! And close the door!” 
His posse of followers promptly made themselves scarce. 
“Please let me go. I can give you money. Lots of it!” Joan was terrified. 
The man sneered as he lifted the woman’s chin. He looked straight into her eyes as he stroked her face with his right hand. 
“I don’t care about money. It’s you I’m interested in!” He proceeded to pry at the buttons on her blouse. 
“Help!” Joan screeched at the top of her lungs.
The man dragged her over to him. He slid a seeking hand underneath her top and fondled her thigh relentlessly with the other. 
The tears burned as they streaked down her cheeks. 
“No, please! Stop!” Joan cried as she struggled. 
“Quit your f*cking whining. You should be flattered that I’m showering you with all this attention!” The man then sent a stinging swipe across the left of her face and then the right. 
Blood trickled down the ends of her lips. 
“Ah!” 
The man flung her to the other corner of the room before he pulled out his whip and lashed it mercilessly in her direction. 
“How dare you bite me, you stupid b*tch. I guess you’re tired of living. Fine. In that case, I’ll kill you when I’m finished!” With that, the man tore off his own clothes and threw his entire weight upon her. 
Joan no longer had the strength to resist. She closed her eyes and let the tears flow at will. She had completely given up hope. 
Boom! The door was kicked open forcefully. 
“What the hell, I’m not done yet!” the man riding on top of Joan roared while his lips still nibbled away at her collarbones. 
With a resounding thump, the thug was sent sprawling to the side. 
“Joan. Joan!” Dustin shook at the woman on the floor.
But she was unresponsive. 
“Who are you? How dare you interrupt me!” The man who was struck retaliated with his whip in hand. 
Dustin pivoted on one foot before delivering a spinning kick, which laid his attacker low and left the man writhing in pain. 
“Joan!” Dustin yelled. He then put a finger under her nostrils. 
Okay, she’s alright! Dustin removed his own coat and wrapped it around her. 
“Someone, get him!” The man waved his finger at the target that he wanted his men to sort out on his behalf. 
But there was no movement beyond the door. 
“Are all of you deaf! Did you not hear me…” He was stunned when he looked outside. 
Past the door, his boys were on their backs, clutching at various parts of their limbs in agony. 
“How about it? Would you like to join them too?” Dustin snorted. 
The man responded by scrambling out of the room. 
After ensuring that they were in the clear, Dustin immediately picked Joan up in his arms and sped to the hospital. 
“Hurry, doctor. Disinfect her wounds!” he shouted. 
That got the doctor quizzical. 
How did he know that was the first step?
“I used to be a doctor myself, so please hurry. I can assist,” Dustin explained. 
“Okay, get me a pair of scissors,” the doctor replied staidly.
###Chapter 1940
Chapter 1940 
The duo worked in tandem and had the wounds on Joan properly cleaned and dressed in short order. 
Dustin felt a restlessness and an ache in his heart when he looked at the woman lying in the hospital bed. 
Damn that Larry. Damn fine job he’s doing, taking care of Joan! 
Dustin drove a fist into the wall. Blood oozed out between his fingers. 
“No, don’t touch me. Please…” Joan muttered. Her brows frowned in deep distress. 
“Joan, wake up. No one’s touching you,” Dustin said. 
She quietened down very quickly. 
“Here’s some saline. After the drip has emptied, swap these up for her,” the nurse approached and said. 
Dustin looked over and saw four of them. His eyes dimmed in an instant. 
Ring, ring, ring… 
A look on the display showed that the call came from Jory. 
“Hello Dustin. I heard Joan disappeared…” 
“Don’t tell anyone that she’s right here with me.” Dustin hung up immediately. 
Jory stared at the phone, a little perplexed.
“How is it? Did Dustin see Joan?” Nancy inquired desperately. 
Jory paused and decided to go along with Dustin. 
“No, but don’t worry. I’ll go look for her. Stay put, and don’t go anywhere,” he replied solemnly. 
Nancy was fretting and was in no mood to sit still. The minute Jory stepped away, she too left the house. 
“Larry…” muttered Joan as she laid in bed. 
Hearing what she said in her unconscious state drew a rueful smile from Dustin. 
When would there be a place for him in her heart if that scumbag Larry was all she cared about? There was a glint of despondence in the man’s eyes. 
“Wake up, Joan.” He rocked at the woman’s shoulders. 
She slowly opened her eyes to a familiar shade of white. 
Is this… the hospital? 
Joan surveyed her surroundings warily. When she turned to the side to face Dustin, a light lit up in her eyes momentarily before it faded away. 
“How are you feeling?” The look in Dustin’s eyes mirrored the anguish he felt for her plight. 
“I’m okay,” she shook her head and replied weakly. 
“The doctor said that you may need to have your brain examined. Shall… shall we head overseas for that?” Dustin asked cautiously.
He knew that the chances of her agreeing to this were next to zero. How could she possibly bear to leave Larry behind here by himself? 
Joan rubbed her own head. Indeed, she had been knocked around quite a bit when she was kidnapped. 
“Okay,” she replied in a low voice. 
A rush of delight ran through Dustin. 
“I’ll go book the air tickets right away, but…” Dustin intentionally pretended to be in a dilemma. 
Joan knew what he wanted to ask and waved him off. 
She needed to have her head injuries attended to and thought it better not to inform Larry for the time being. If everything went well, she would return and live out the rest of her days alongside Larry. Otherwise, she would stay away overseas for good. 
Rather than endure the pain of death and separation, it might be better if she quietly vanished. 
The sheets twisted inside Joan’s grip as she wrestled with her own crushing emotions. 
She had suffered the infrequent bouts of pain for the longest time without anyone knowing. She feared that uncovering the truth of her condition might mean that Larry and she would ultimately be torn apart. 
“Alright. Let’s finish up this round of drip. I’ll start packing up,” Dustin said. 
“Alright.” The tears ran hot from her eyes as she looked outside. 
Don’t blame me for this, Larry. You know I love you!
Joan’s eyes were filled with despair. 
Fate had a twisted way of toying with kindhearted people. Those who took it seriously missed out on what was meant for them, and those who waited foolishly would see their destiny return to them.
###Chapter 1941
Chapter 1941 
The duo soon checked out of the hospital and were swiftly on their way to the airport. 
A dead silence filled the car. Joan looked out of the windows, trying to take in as much of this city as she could etch into her memory. 
Ring, ring, ring… She cast a glance at the display but did not pick up. 
Beside her, Dustin’s lips curled up in satisfaction. In his opinion, leaving quietly this way was not necessarily a bad thing. 
“Where’s she?” Larry howled when he arrived in the room where Joan was held captive. 
Caspian approached the men lying on the floor and regarded them coldly. 
“Start talking. Where is the woman?” He grabbed one of the big boys and asked. 
“I don’t know. Our boss was in there, then some random guy showed up and gave us all a good whopping. He then stormed inside and took the woman away…” that boy hastily explained. 
Larry’s eyes brightened up. Had Joan been rescued? 
“Who took her?” Larry hurried over and pressed him. 
“I’ve no idea. Anyway, he’s the one who has her,” the big boy explained. 
Larry narrowed his eyes in the window’s direction as though deep in thought. 
“Why weren’t we informed when Joan was rescued?” Caspian looked doubtfully at Larry. 
The latter motioned with his hand, and his bodyguard immediately held his own tongue.
More importantly, who was it? A cold glint flashed across the man’s eyes. 
He was concerned that the other party was no friend of his. 
Larry rubbed his hands as anger mounted inside him. 
“Lock down all the major hospitals, Caspian. We’ve to locate Joan!” Larry bellowed. 
At the same time, he pulled out his phone and made a call. 
“We’re sorry. The number you’ve just dialed cannot be reached…” Larry’s eyes darkened in the same instant. 
“Come, Caspian. Let’s go find Joan!” he said as he hopped into the car. 
Caspian was stunned momentarily before he recollected himself. 
He knew that Larry never did anything without rhyme or reason. The worst case scenario was Dustin had abducted Joan. Caspian gnashed his teeth as he stared into the distance. 
Ring, ring, ring… 
“Hello, Lars. Have you found Joan?” Nancy’s voice trembled slightly as she spoke. 
“Not yet.” 
Had she not pestered Joan to meet up for a meal, her friend wouldn’t be missing till now? 
“What shall we do…” Nancy started crying. 
Unwilling to hear any more from her, Larry hung up outright.
They had checked the café, the restaurant, the mall and all the places that the women frequented, but there was no sign of Joan. Nancy sat slumped on the floor and bawled her eyes out. 
“Where are you, Joan? Could you please stop scaring me?” 
Since her pregnancy, Nancy had lost her usual haughtiness and aloofness, and became more timid than she was before. 
“Get up, Nancy. The floor is cold.” Jory went over quickly and helped her onto her feet. 
“What should I do, Jory? It’s all my fault that Joan’s missing…” The woman was inconsolable as she embraced him. 
Jory was heartbroken at the sight of this. 
“Go on back to the car first. I’ll keep looking, alright?” he said to her. 
“No, I must find Joan!” Nancy shoved him away and made straight for the car. 
Less than a few steps in, she lost consciousness and collapsed on the floor in a heap. 
“Nancy!” Jory ran over and picked up the woman. He then sent her to the hospital. 
“What the f*ck are you doing, Dustin? Nancy’s been hospitalized because of Joan!” Jory was heard yelling into the phone along the hospital corridor. 
On the other end of the line, Dustin reacted in astonishment. One look at Joan enabled him to recover his composure. 
“I’d explain it to you in due time, but right now, I’ve got a plane to catch.” He ended the call.
###Chapter 1942
Chapter 1942 
“Hey! Dustin!” 
Thud! A nurse who walked past Jory was taken aback when the man smashed the phone on the floor in exasperation. 
Damn it! Jory gritted and punched the wall with his clenched fist. 
Between his wife and buddy, he had ended up opting for the latter again, and just like the previous time, there was a price to pay for his option. Gosh! Dustin, you’d better pray nothing happens to Nancy! 
“Doctor, how’s my wife’s current condition?” he asked apprehensively, grabbing hold of the doctor’s arm tightly. 
“Her emotions are still not very stable at the moment. If this condition persists, it might lead to miscarriage. Thus, you’d better try to console and calm her down,” the doctor advised him patiently before he headed toward the ward. 
“Joan, you’re not planning to give Larry a call?” Dustin looked at the woman in front of him with his eyes full of doubt. 
Joan hesitated. Should I call him? 
“I think you’d better give him a call. They’ve all gotten into a bunch of nerves looking for you. If I’m not mistaken, Nancy passed out due to extreme anxiety while in search of you. She’s currently pregnant, isn’t she?” Dustin stole a glance at her and added deliberately. 
At that reminder, Joan’s eyes widened in an instant. Oh, no! Please don’t let anything happen to Nancy!
“How’s she now?” she asked anxiously. 
“I heard from Jory that she’s in the hospital at the moment…” Dustin lowered his voice as he replied tactfully. 
Nancy will be considered the last person who saw me since the both of us were having a meal together at that time. In this case, Larry will surely blame her. Poor Nancy! She must be feeling really guilty and upset now! In a split second, Joan’s eyes darkened, her heart filling up with complex emotions. I guess I’d better give Larry a call so he won’t misunderstand Nancy. 
When Larry’s phone buzzed, he reached to take it out immediately. He caught a glimpse of the caller’s name blinking on the screen and answered the call at once. 
“Joan, where are you now?” he asked nervously, trying to keep the quiver out of his voice. 
Mustering up her courage, Joan tried to speak up for Nancy. “Larry, I’m fine. It’s nothing serious, but I just can’t go back yet. It has nothing to do with Nancy. Don’t blame her for anything…” 
This silly woman! Why can’t she answer my question directly? 
“Joan Watts!” Larry raised his voice and cut her off impatiently. 
In an instant, the woman on the other side of the line fell silent. 
“Joan, where are you now? Please tell me!” Larry repeated his question, trying hard to appease his frustration. 
He had never been a patient man, yet he had been treating her with utter patience all this while. 
“Larry, can you please just give me some time? If possible, I will go back a few days later,” Joan requested warily.
If possible? What does she mean? Taking a deep breath, Larry tried to cool his head off. 
“Joan, what’s the matter with you? Is anything troubling you at the moment? Don’t worry about it… You can pour out everything to me. I love you so much! No matter what, I’ll be by your side forever and overcome whatever obstacles that you’re facing together with you,” he pleaded, trying to coax the woman by lowering his voice. 
Joan was so touched by his genuine words that tears started to well up in her eyes. 
She loved him very much too, yet she could not resist doubting whether she still had the chance to spend the rest of her life with him. 
“Larry, no matter what, bear in mind that I loved you in this lifetime!” Joan ended the call at that. 
Larry was dumbfounded and at a loss for words. What on earth was she talking about? She sounded weird… It was as if she was emphasizing something. She’s loved me before? Wait a minute! Was she hinting that she has fallen for another man? No way! I can’t accept that! I won’t! 
Thud! He threw his phone out of the door, venting his anger. 
“Larry!” Caspian, who was outside the door, cried out, startled. When he saw Larry’s grim face, a feeling of intimidation crept up to him. The temperature around the man had dropped significantly as well. 
“Larry, we couldn’t manage to locate Joan’s whereabouts,” Caspian lowered his head and said timidly. 
“Don’t waste any more time looking for her anymore!” Larry bellowed as he slammed his fist onto the table, a glint of ferocity in his eyes.
Caspian shuddered and moved backward instinctively. He had never seen Larry as hot-tempered as how he was at the moment. My goodness! He looks exactly like an erupting volcano! 
In the meantime, Nancy’s phone buzzed. Her heart leaped with joy the moment she saw the name blinking on the screen. 
“Joan, where did you go? I really had a scare! I thought something terrible had befallen you!” Nancy burst into tears of relief. 
“Nancy, calm down. I’ve already called Larry and explained everything to him. I’m fine, so neither of you should worry so much. Don’t strain yourself now since you’re pregnant. You must take care of yourself and your baby…” Joan advised sincerely. 
Upon hearing those words, an inexplicable sorrow started to well up in Nancy’s heart. 
“Joan, have you encountered anything dangerous? What’s the matter with you? No matter what happens, remember you’re not alone. We’re with you all the time and will overcome any hardships together with you…” Nancy asked with great concern as she wiped her tears away. 
Somehow, her instinct told her that Joan seemed weird. The woman seemed to be keeping mum about something and acting as if they would not have the opportunity to meet each other again. 
“I’m fine. Don’t worry. I just need to settle some personal matters these few days. I’ll inform you about everything once the matters are resolved.” Joan pressed her lips together to form a tight smile and tried to sound casual. 
If I don’t manage to resolve the matters, I’ll make myself disappear. I won’t appear in front of you anymore! Nancy, I’m sorry I can’t tell you everything now. 
When she was on the brink of tears, Joan sniffled, trying to hold the tears back.
The moment Nancy’s ear caught that faint sound, she was momentarily stunned. Sensing that Joan seemed to be trying to hold back her tears, the woman’s heart flinched.
###Chapter 1943
Chapter 1943 
“Joan, you must come back at once after you’ve settled your things. You promised to be my baby’s godmother, didn’t you? You must keep your promise!” Nancy said softly as she stroked her belly gently. 
Do I still have the chance to be her baby’s godmother? Joan pondered and decided to avoid giving Nancy any response on that matter. 
“Nancy, I’m sorry, but I need to hang up now to settle something!” Joan hung up at once before Nancy could react. 
In the office, Larry instructed coldly, “Caspian, try to trace the addresses for all the other residences owned by Dustin!” 
The moment he knew that someone had rescued Joan, Dustin’s figure flashed across his mind in an instant. Nevertheless, when Larry reached Dustin’s residence with Caspian, his neighbor informed them that the man had moved away long ago. 
“Larry, do you think Jory will have any idea about the matter?” Caspian asked Larry warily, fearful of intensifying his frustration. 
“Let’s go and ask him!” Larry picked up his phone and strode out of his office without hesitation. 
“Get out of my way!” Larry growled at the receptionist, who was blocking his path. 
“I’m sorry, Sir. You can’t enter without an appointment!” the receptionist tried to stop both of them. 
“I don’t need an appointment!” Larry grimaced as he enunciated every word loudly.
“I’m sorry, but it’s our policy here. Whoever wishes to see Mr. Synder must make an appointment in advance…” Caspian straight away dragged the receptionist aside to let Larry get through. 
Bang! The door of Jory’s office flew open. 
Jory raised his head and gazed at Larry placidly. 
Ah! He’s finally here as expected! Jory seemed to have foreseen that Larry would come and question him about Dustin’s whereabouts. 
“Where’s Dustin Silverman?” Larry looked at Jory sternly and asked coldly. 
Jory put down the document and snickered. 
“Mr. Norton, are you joking? Dustin is one of the main shareholders of Norton Corporation. As the president of the company, you don’t even know about his whereabouts. If so, how do you expect me to have a clue? How ridiculous!” Jory replied mockingly at him. 
Larry glared at Jory with blazing eyes as he approached him slowly. 
“Stop wasting my time by beating around the bush! Just tell me where he is!” 
Jory stood up and looked into Larry’s eyes with a snort. 
“I have no idea,” he replied casually. 
In an instant, Larry’s fury rose once again. 
“You’d better be frank and tell me where he is now. If he’s really the one who abducted Joan and hid her somewhere, he could be charged with his heinous deed,” he said coolly, warning lacing his tone. 
Dustin will be charged with abducting Joan?
Jory glanced at Larry disdainfully and sat down again. 
“That’s none of my business,” the former replied with a glint of coldness in his eyes. 
Larry immediately boiled with rage upon seeing Jory’s nonchalance. What a cunning fellow… He sure is good at lying! 
Clenching his fists, the man continued to glare at Jory with his eyes that were becoming vicious at the moment. Instantaneously, Jory could feel the drastic drop in the temperature around them as he stared into Larry’s eyes which were as cold as the abyss. 
“Tell Dustin Silverman, if he doesn’t send Joan back soon, I won’t let him off easily!” Larry warned in an icy-cold tone and stormed out of the room. 
Jory heaved a sigh of relief when the man’s figure was out of his sight. 
I really wonder what’s going in Dustin’s mind! He sure is a troublemaker! If not because of him, I would not have to face Larry! 
“Dustin, Larry was here a while ago. He’s highly suspicious of you now. You’d better bring Joan back immediately. If not, you might meet your end at any time for infuriating him,” Jory warned him coldly. 
“Ah! I was kind enough to bring Joan here for a checkup. Yet he’s even thinking of striking me? Don’t you think he has overreacted?” Dustin laughed scornfully. 
“How do you expect him to stay calm? After all, his wife is in your hands at the moment,” Jory lowered his voice and replied sarcastically. 
Dustin sneered. He had been scheming on all these to spur Larry’s anxiety, drive him crazy and strain his relationship with Joan! Larry Norton, do you like the surprise I’ve prepared for you? Are you having
a great time at the moment? 
“Dustin, you promised to bring me for a body checkup today, didn’t you?” Joan looked at the man in front of him quizzically. 
Dustin was seated idly on the sofa, flipping through a magazine leisurely when she popped her question. 
“The director of the hospital called me a while ago to inform me that there’s been a blackout in the hospital. Thus, it’s closed temporarily as they’re in the midst of fixing the problem. It will most probably only be reopened in two days.” He tried to convince Nancy by explaining the situation solemnly. 
What nonsense! It doesn’t make sense for a blackout to occur in the hospital all of a sudden till it has to be closed for up to two days! 
“A blackout? How can the hospital be closed temporarily all of a sudden? How about the other patients there…” she asked suspiciously. 
“Joan, don’t you trust me? After all, don’t forget we are overseas now. Hence, it’s normal for them to have different methods of implementation and problem solving,” Dustin explained patiently with a smile. 
He knew well that there was nothing awry about Joan’s brain. To spend some time solely with her, he had actually lied to her and intentionally brought her overseas.
###Chapter 1944
Chapter 1944 
Seated on the sofa next to him, a sense of disappointment flashed across Joan’s eyes. 
Now that her checkup had been postponed due to the temporary closure of the hospital, it also indirectly meant that she would need to stay overseas longer. Larry will surely be more worried! Rubbing her hands nervously, she was in a daze. 
“Joan, let’s go out for some fun. We haven’t had fun together for quite a long time,” Dustin’s voice cut into her thoughts abruptly. 
Joan looked at the man in embarrassment and rejected him nicely. 
At that moment, Larry’s good-looking face kept floating in her mind. She was not in the mood to entertain Dustin at the moment. 
Dustin’s heart throbbed with pain at the sight of the helpless look on her face. 
Maybe I shouldn’t have lied to her… His face darkened at once when he found himself in a dilemma. 
After a while, pin-drop silence ensued in the place. Dustin continued to flip through the magazine casually, whereas Joan was seated on the sofa, staring off into the distance out of the window. The man looked for a chance to start a conversation with her once more, but he changed his mind as soon as the thought of interrupting her came to mind. 
The atmosphere became awkward as both of them were in utter silence. 
Dustin was in bewilderment. What’s the point of me planning everything and bringing her all the way here if we just end up doing nothing? What a waste!
At that moment, Joan was gazing sorrowfully at the cloud in the sky with a glint of sadness in her eyes. 
What’s Larry doing now? Is he also staring at the same cloud in the sky? 
She clenched her fists, lost in her own world. At that very moment, she really missed the man who had promised to protect her for the rest of her lifetime. 
Dustin patted her shoulder and called her over, “Joan.” 
“Ah?” The woman was stupefied. 
“Let’s go out for a meal,” he suggested gently. 
“Alright,” Joan agreed and rose immediately. 
The two of them went to have a meal in a grand restaurant. The background music there was soothing and melodious, and the scent of roses hung in the air. However, Joan seemed oblivious to everything around them as her mind was occupied. 
She cut the steak with her head lowered, her mind not focused on the task she had at hand. 
“Ouch!” Suddenly, the woman felt a slight pain in her finger and gasped aloud. 
“What happened?” Dustin raised his head to look at her the moment he heard it. 
The blood oozing out of Joan’s finger caught his sight at once. 
He quickly rose and moved swiftly to sit next to her. The next moment, he sucked her finger to stop the bleeding. 
Joan was flabbergasted by his sudden action.
“I’m fine. It’s just a tiny wound,” she uttered, intending to pull out her finger hastily. 
Nonetheless, her strength was far too small compared to the man. He tightened his grip on her hand as he stared at her sternly, hinting her not to move an inch. 
After quite a while, he finally let go of her finger. 
“Is it painful?” he asked gently. His heart ached at the sight of the tiny cut on her finger. 
Joan turned away to avoid having eye contact with him, pretending to be unaware of the profound affection pouring out of his eyes. 
“It’s not really painful now. I’m fine,” she replied casually. 
“Miss, here’s a plaster.” A waitress approached them at that moment and handed her a band aid courteously. 
“Thank…” Before Joan could finish her words, Dustin took the plaster from the waitress and stuck it cautiously on her injury. 
“Miss, your boyfriend is so caring,” the waitress commented with a smile. 
The moment the stunned Joan was just about to clarify that Dustin was not her boyfriend, the waitresses had turned and walked away. On the other hand, Dustin was on cloud nine; his mouth curved into a big smile as he recalled that comment over and over in his head. 
“Alright, the wound is covered properly.” He inspected her finger once more before he placed it down on the table. 
Thank you,” Joan replied awkwardly, flitting her eyes anywhere but the man in front of her.
Dustin looked at her with a smile and returned to his seat. 
He teased. “You’re still as reckless as usual.” He tapped on her forehead lightly, a sense of affection in his eyes. 
“I was just thinking about something,” Joan refuted. 
Was she thinking about Larry? A glisten of coldness flashed across his eyes without the woman’s knowledge. 
“Take this.” Dustin cut the steak on his plate into even slices and placed them onto Joan’s plate. 
Her cheeks flushed a deep red, and she quickly said, “Oh! I can cut it myself.” 
“Don’t worry. I haven’t taken any mouthful of my steak yet, so don’t be worried about swallowing my saliva,” he said jokingly, hoping to calm her down. 
Despite his efforts to make her comfortable, Joan couldn’t help but still feel a little awkward. 
“Ah! I’m so envious of that woman for having such a caring boyfriend.” 
“Yeah, he’s really good looking too!”
###Chapter 1945
Chapter 1945 
“They’re really a perfect match for each other. What a stunning couple!” 
A few waitresses were whispering excitedly among themselves, apparently mesmerized by Dustin’s stunning looks. 
Joan turned even more embarrassed when she overheard the waitresses gossiping about them. 
“Joan, what’s the matter? Are you not feeling well? You look pale,” Dustin asked with great concern and touched her forehead to check her temperature. 
“Nothing, I’m just a bit tired.” Joan forced her lips into a tight smile. 
I’m actually emotionally exhausted! Can you stop treating me affectionately as if you are my boyfriend? This is so awkward! She let out a silent sigh, not knowing what she was supposed to do. 
“How about we go back for a rest after this?” the man asked gently. 
At that, Joan nodded in agreement silently. 
If Larry happens to see how caring Dustin is being toward me, I’m sure he will burst a blood vessel… A sense of guilt started to creep into her heart at that thought. Her main intention had been to go overseas for a thorough checkup of her brain. She planned to make a further decision after the root cause was detected. Nevertheless, it seemed as if she was on a vacation with Dustin at that moment. 
Once they reached back at the hotel, Joan flung herself directly on the bed. Staring off into the distance out of the window, she gradually sank into contemplation.
I wonder what Larry is doing now. What about Lucius? What’s he doing now? Is Ms. Young busy with anything right now? 
Joan’s eyes were welled up with tears as she thought of her loved ones. Oh! I really miss all of them so much! 
Holding her phone, Joan looked at Delilah’s phone number hesitantly. In the end, she could not hold herself back any longer. Her finger clicked the particular button to make a call. 
“Hello, Joan! Where are you now? We’re all worried about you… Especially Mr. Norton. He’s looking for you so frantically!” Delilah sounded a bit incoherent; she was too anxious. 
“Ms. Young!” Unable to suppress the suffocating sorrow any longer, Joan broke down and cried. 
When Joan had lost her memories previously, she had treated Delilah as her own mother. Whenever she felt depressed, the woman had always embraced her affectionately. Her grief would be soothed after crying her heart out in Delilah’s arms. Joan was now so far away from her motherly embrace when she needed to seek solace desperately. 
Delilah remained silent as Joan wept. 
She could only console her in this way since they were currently apart from each other. 
After quite a while, Joan finally stopped crying and wiped away her tears. 
“What’s the matter? Are you feeling troubled by anything?” Delilah asked worriedly. 
“Ms. Young, I’m really scared. If I die now, I will not be able to meet all of you anymore…” Joan mumbled out, a sense of utter bitterness in her tone.
What on earth is she talking about? It sounds as if she thinks she will be gone at any moment! A glint of coldness flashed across Delilah’s eyes instantly. 
“Joan, what do you mean? Explain yourself!” Delilah requested sternly. 
“Ms. Young, would you mind doing me a favor?” Joan asked sadly with a sense of weariness in her voice. 
“Larry hasn’t found out that I’m having a checkup on my brain overseas. Please keep it a secret from him. I don’t want him to be upset and troubled, so I’m waiting for the result of the checkup before telling him. I’ll be able to make a decision then,” she explained, her tone silently pleading with Delilah to not tell Larry anything. 
Even though Delilah truly felt for her, she still hesitated for quite a while before agreeing with her reluctantly. 
Time flew by as Joan and Dustin waited for the date of the checkup to be finalized. Meanwhile, Larry never stopped trying to track down Joan’s whereabouts by all means. 
Joan held herself back by not giving the man any calls all this while. She only occasionally sent Delilah messages, updating the woman on her condition. She also asked about how things were going on with Larry and Lucius from time to time. 
In the nightclub, beams of colorful lights were emanating from the twirling disco light ball above the dance floor. The people on the dance floor were moving around excitedly alongside others to the deafening beat of the pop music being played. 
Scantily dressed dancers were swaying and twisting their bodies seductively, matching the tempo of the pop songs on the dance floor. Meanwhile, the men were either fixing their blazing gazes on the
alluring women or indulged themselves in the passionate flirting session with other flirtatious women who approached them. 
A man was seated alone in one corner of the pub, drinking strong liquor continuously in despair. A reflection of the lostness and sorrow in his eyes could be seen under the dim lights. 
He did not have the courage to overcome the suffocating guiltiness growing within him. The intense desire to see his beloved woman was driving him crazy. At the same time, he could not forgive himself for not being able to shield her perfectly against any risk. 
“Joan Watts, where on earth did you go? Why don’t you give me a call? Are you hiding somewhere with Dustin Silverman? Did you elope with him?” he snarled out, frustration evident on his face. 
Smash! He smashed a wineglass in desperation, shattering it into tiny pieces. 
A waiter approached him at once and cleared the mess on the floor in silence. He had gotten used to the scene all this while. 
Larry had been patronizing the pub lately and was drunk all the time. He was apparently in a bad mood and not his usual self lately. Even though they were all curious about what had happened to him, none of them had the guts to approach him to show their concern. They were fearful of infuriating the man who was a fabled public figure in the business sector. 
Meanwhile, a woman dressed in a revealing dress was gazing meaningfully at the lonely man. Her lips curved into a wry smile as something played in her mind.
###Chapter 1946
Chapter 1946 
He looks really cool! Twisting her waist seductively, the woman slowly made her way toward Larry. 
She leaned closer to the man and flipped her hair alluringly. “Hello, handsome! Are you all by yourself?” 
Larry lifted his head slowly and tried to focus his gaze on the woman with squinted eyes. 
“Joan Watts, is that you? You’ve finally come back to me?” Larry rubbed his eyes and asked excitedly. 
The woman’s face fell within seconds. 
Who the hell Joan Watts? Looks like he’s badly hurt from a relationship. Joan must be his girlfriend. 
“You look so lonely. Do you need a companion?” the woman asked languorously as she took the wineglass and finished the wine in one gulp. 
Larry pulled her into his arms with a sudden yank. 
“Joan, I missed you so much!” He nuzzled his nose into the woman’s collarbone, mumbling Joan’s name non-stop as he did so. 
“I’m not Joan watts!” the woman yelled in anger. 
Even though she was keen on flirting with Larry, she was reluctant to be a substitute for his woman. 
“Joan!” Larry continued to mumble that name as he tightened his arms around the woman. 
“Let me go! I’m not Joan! This is nonsense!” The woman struggled and slapped on Larry’s chest constantly, anger and irritation rising within her.
The strong fragrance from her body caused Larry to come to his senses out of a sudden. He realized at once that it was not Joan who was in his arms at the moment and pushed the woman away instinctively. 
“You’re not Joan Watts! You’re a woman without any sense of shame!” Larry pointed at her and snapped. 
The woman’s face turned grim. Fury burned in her eyes, and she had to resist the urge to pick up a wine bottle and smash it on the man’s head! 
“Have you gone nuts? You know what? Continue dreaming of your Joan! I’m not interested in a crazy man like you!” She then scoffed and strutted off in her platform heels, her hips swaying from side to side as she did so. 
The liveliness of the nightclub was not the least bit affected by the dramatic moments between Larry and the woman a while ago. 
At the same time, another woman dashed into the nightclub hastily. She grabbed hold of a waiter’s arm and asked anxiously, “Where’s Larry?” 
The waiter shook his head, saying, “I haven’t seen him.” 
Gabriella’s eyes hardened upon hearing that. 
Tonight’s indeed a golden opportunity for me! I mustn’t let other women latch their claws onto him before I can! 
After scanning every corner in the nightclub, she finally spotted a familiar figure in one of the corners. 
“Lars, why are you here? You’ve already drunk so much!” she asked coyly.
Gabriella tactfully worded her question, wanting to double-check if the man was really drunk. 
Intoxicated by the alcohol, Larry’s mind had drifted into dizziness. He continued to take mouthfuls of wine without sparing any glance at her. 
She snatched the wineglass from Larry coquettishly. “Lars, you’re drunk. You can’t drink anymore.” 
He finally looked up at her with a slight frown on her face. 
“What are you doing here?” Larry’s frown deepened into a scowl as he raised his voice. 
Huh? He can recognize me? Is he not drunk enough yet? 
“Lars, it’s a bit late now. Don’t drink anymore. Let me send you home,” she probed gently and reached her arms out toward him, intending to help the man up from his seat. 
“Get out of my way!” Larry scowled, inflamed as he forcefully pushed her away. 
“Gabriella Ward, you must think I’m drunk enough to not be able to recognize you, right? Let me tell you this! I’m repulsed by your disgusting body odor! It stinks!” Larry growled after taking another sip of the wine. 
Gabriella immediately felt overwhelmed. She sniffed hard at a few spots on her body with a puzzled look on her face. Body odor? I can’t smell anything except my perfume! 
Fine, since you’re making a fuss that I have got a disgusting body odor, I’ll go for a change in perfume to suit your taste. 
“Waiter!” she called out loudly.
“Get me this a bottle of perfume. I only want this brand.” After jotting down the brand on a piece of paper, she handed it to the waiter. 
That is the exact brand of the perfume Joan uses. Larry Norton, I’m sure you won’t be able to differentiate between her and I later. 
Clenching her fists, a sense of maliciousness flickered in her eyes. 
I don’t believe you can escape from me this round. 
“Joan, please come back to me. Oh! How I miss you! Lucius misses you, and Ms. Young misses you as well,” Larry murmured as he put his head on his hands on the table. 
Gabriella leaned closer to him and listened attentively. 
Where did Joan Watts go? 
She gazed at the man with a quizzical look on her face. 
“Lars, where did Joan go? Why’s she not back yet?” she asked tactfully. 
“I’ve no idea. I’ve spent so much time looking for her, yet she has been hiding from me…” Larry continued to grumble. 
Upon hearing his words, the woman’s lips twitched into a smirk. 
Here comes my chance! The lucky star is obviously shining on me! Larry Norton, I finally have you in my hands tonight! Her sly smile widened, and she ended up laughing cunningly at the thought.
###Chapter 1947
Chapter 1947 
“Miss, here’s your perfume.” The salesperson hurriedly passed the bottle over. 
Gabriella looked at the bottle in her hand before glancing at the man in front of her with a sinister smile. 
Poof! 
Instantly, the air was permeated with Joan’s scent. 
Larry seemed to wake up at the smell of Joan’s familiar warmth, but his cloudy gaze betrayed his true state. 
“Joan, is that you?” His deep voice was almost painfully hopeful. 
“Yes, Lars. It’s me.” Gabriella wrapped her arms around Larry’s neck. 
Larry suddenly frowned. 
“Since when did you call me ‘Lars’?” He asked as he looked at the woman in front of him suspiciously. He started blinking frantically in an attempt to get a closer look at the woman in his arms. 
“Just trying to spice up our relationship,” Gabriella said coquettishly as she patted his chest. 
“Let’s have some drinks!” Gabriella suddenly said in an attempt to change the conversation. 
“We’re almost there, Lars. Try to stay awake, okay?” she said as she tried her best to help the man walk. 
Larry’s eyes were almost completely closed at this point. He had to lean against Gabriella heavily so he could actually walk into the room.
“I’m so happy, Joan,” he murmured in a daze. 
Happy? You can’t even tell who I am, Gabriella thought with a cold glare at the man in front of her. Looks like you’ll finally be the hero for once, Joan. 
Smack! 
Larry collapsed onto the large bed. Gabriella quickly turned on the lights and closed the door and windows before walking toward the bed. 
Finally! I’ve waited for you all this while and now you’re finally mine. 
Gabriella stroked Larry’s hair gently while the corner of her mouth quirked up in a sly smile. 
Who would ever call a man loyal when they were still willing to cheat while drunk? 
Suddenly, Larry pulled Gabriella into his arms and breathed her scent in deeply. 
“I missed you so much,” Larry murmured as he nuzzled his nose into Gabriella’s collarbone. 
She stroked his face gently. In that very moment, everything that Larry had ever done to her disappeared into nothingness. 
“I missed you too, Lars,” she replied softly. 
“I’m going to go shower.” Gabriella walked toward the bathroom with her pajamas in hand. 
Larry continued to lie on the bed with his eyes closed, looking completely worn out. 
Ring! Ring! 
His phone kept ringing, but no one picked up.
“Ms. Young, do you know where Larry is?” Caspian’s gaze was riddled with anxiety. 
“No, he hasn’t picked up any of my calls,” Ms. Young answered hurriedly. 
Caspian’s gaze darkened immediately. 
Goddamn it! 
He slammed his fist onto the wall next to them, sending Ms. Young stumbling back in surprise. 
“Has he been to the bar?” Ms. Young asked. 
Caspian’s dark gaze suddenly brightened. 
Larry had mentioned that he would almost always go to the bar and get drunk after an argument with Joan. 
The bar was almost empty. Caspian wormed in and out of all the booths without a single glimpse of Larry. 
“Was Larry here just now?” he asked a passing waiter fiercely. 
“He left with a woman just now,” the waiter answered frantically. 
Caspian’s gaze darkened coldly once again. 
“Let me check your security cameras.” 
He wanted to get a good look at the woman who dared to seduce Larry. 
Soon enough, the waiter showed him their security footage. Caspian’s glare was darker than a black hole.
This b*tch again? 
He slammed a hand on the table, scaring the waiters next to him. 
“You can see that they went upstairs in the footage,” one of the waiters suddenly said. 
“Shut up!” Caspian barked. 
“All of you better keep your mouths shut about this. None of you saw anything, hear me?” he hissed toward all the waiters.
###Chapter 1948
Chapter 1948 
He didn’t believe for even a second that Larry would ever cheat on Joan. He left the security control room and went upstairs. 
Knock knock! 
“Lars?” Gabriella started shaking Larry. 
However, he was already fast asleep. 
Whoever was outside the door continued to knock relentlessly, and Gabriella started to smirk devilishly. 
Oh, Larry. Since you’re dead asleep, I guess I’ll have to take matters into my own hands. 
She picked up a towel and wrapped it around herself, making sure to reveal her alluring décolletage and smooth legs before going to open the door. 
The moment the door opened, Caspian almost couldn’t believe his eyes. 
“What’s up? Are you looking for your brother in arms?” Gabriella asked seductively. 
Caspian’s gaze sharpened at the sight of the shameless woman in front of him. 
“Screw off!” he barged his way into the room and slammed the door shut, shoving Gabriella aside. 
“Larry!” Caspian called anxiously as he shook Larry back and forth. 
Perhaps due to Caspian’s intense shaking, Larry finally started to come to. 
“What are you doing here so early, Caspian?” Larry yawned.
“Early? Why don’t you take a look at what you’ve done?” Caspian’s tone was laced with both helplessness and frustration. 
Larry looked around him and sat up in a flash. 
His clothes were strewn all over the floor and were tangled up with some woman’s clothes too. He hurriedly threw the comforter away only to realize that he was naked. 
With a glance at Gabriella, who was still clad in just a towel, Larry started to feel like something was wrong. 
“What are you doing here?” he asked fiercely as he jabbed a finger in Gabriella’s direction. 
“Did you forget, Lars? You brought me here last night,” Gabriella said in a deliberately bashful tone. 
Larry felt like he had been struck by lightning. 
He had simply been drinking his stress away at the bar when some woman had approached him. He remembered shoving that woman away, but when did Gabriella come into the picture? 
He looked at Gabriella suspiciously, but his gaze betrayed his confusion. 
“Put on your clothes.” Caspian nudged Larry’s arm. 
Larry finally remembered his situation and quickly put his clothes back on. 
“Gabriella, what the hell did you do to me last night?” Larry asked the evil woman in front of him urgently. 
She scoffed and looked at Larry in disdain.
“Lars, why would you say that? To be fair, you’re the one who was doing stuff to me last night,” Gabriella said mockingly. 
Slam! Larry slammed his fist into the wall. 
Gabriella stumbled back in sudden fear. 
What’s he going to do to me? He’s not going to kill me, is he? 
She finally started feeling afraid. 
“I’ll ask you one last time: What happened last night?” 
Larry’s eyes glinted dangerously. 
He knew there was no way he would have done anything out of line to such a devious woman. 
Gabriella tried her best to calm down and put on a nonchalant front, looking at the man in front of her solemnly. 
“Exactly what you’re thinking of,” she responded. 
She wanted to find out once and for all what Larry would do. Is he finally going to divorce Joan or will he find a way to hide it from her? 
“What do you want from me?” Larry asked straightforwardly. 
“Larry!” Caspian shouted in dismay. 
Gabriella finally opened her mouth after some thinking.
“Lars, have you forgotten? You’ve always been the only person I’ve ever wanted,” she said as she looked at Larry pitifully. 
How disgustingly fake can she be? Larry thought as he clenched his fists. 
What does she mean? Does she want to marry me? 
Larry looked at the woman in front of him, his glare was both cold and suspicious. 
He knew someone as calculative as Gabriella would definitely find a way to harm him. His gaze darkened considerably.
###Chapter 1949
Chapter 1949 
“All I want is to become your wife, Lars. I know Joan is the woman you love, but I won’t hold that against you. I’ll respect your decision no matter what it is,” Gabriella said, still looking at Larry pitifully. 
Caspian’s glare immediately brightened. 
“Let’s go, Larry.” Caspian nudged Larry again. 
Gabriella’s gaze clouded over momentarily with panic. 
He’s not going to actually leave just like that, is he? What kind of man would do that? That’s not the Larry I know! Gabriella dug her nails into the flesh of her palm. 
“Gabriella, if I truly did anything to you, then I will take full responsibility. However, if I never did anything, then I hope you’re ready for the consequences of lying to me.” Larry approached Gabriella, his glare as sharp as daggers. 
Is that so? It’s not like he would ever know what actually happened. He was blackout drunk. Gabriella raised her chin and met his gaze with a haughty stare. 
Joan, oh, Joan. You’ll know what it feels like to be left behind soon. 
“You better think it through. Don’t think for a second that you can fool me like that. When you have your answer, let me know. Let’s go,” Larry said with a glance at Caspian. 
Gabriella was left alone in the room. Her gaze became frosty. 
My answer won’t change, not even if you give me a century to think about it. Don’t you dare think of ever getting rid of me, Larry!
Gabriella walked toward the window and looked down at the parking lot. 
Larry happened to enter his car right then. 
“Ms. Ward?” a man’s voice suddenly called out. 
She turned back and smiled at him. He shut the door and approached Gabriella before pulling her toward him by her waist and kissing her. 
“Let’s have a baby,” Gabriella whispered into the man’s ear. 
The man’s body immediately heated up in lust and he picked Gabriella up bridal-style before walking to the bathroom. 
Back in the car, Caspian turned to look at Larry in the backseat. “How should we deal with her?” he asked. 
Larry’s gaze was dark as he looked out of the window. With a troubled expression, he thought to himself, As expected, what you’re worried about will really happen to you. 
If anything actually happened between him and Gabriella, it would end up hurting three people. 
But why can’t I remember going up to the room with Gabriella? Larry held his head with both hands, his expression twisted with stress. 
“The security footage only showed you and Gabriella going into the room together,” Caspian said in a low voice. 
That meant that no one could prove what happened in the room last night because there were no security cameras in the room.
“You’re both finally back. What happened? Is everything okay?” Ms. Young asked the men in front of her worriedly. 
“What’s wrong, Dad? Why do you look so mad?” Lucius rushed into Larry’s embrace, looking at him with an innocent expression. 
“Sorry, Lucius. I’m a little tired.” After that, Larry walked straight into his room. 
Delilah looked at Larry’s retreating figure slightly worriedly. 
She had never seen Larry so down in the dumps before. He was always the one who suffered the most whenever something happened to Joan. 
“Uncle Caspian, is my dad not feeling well?” Lucius tugged on Caspian’s shirt. 
Caspian knelt down and stroked Lucius’ head gently. 
“Don’t worry, Lucius. He’ll be fine very soon,” Caspian assured him. 
After explaining everything to Delilah, all she could do was sigh. 
If only Joan had told Larry everything from the very start, maybe none of this would have happened. Her eyes dulled with that thought in mind. 
“Joan, when are you going to come back?” Delilah asked worriedly. 
“I still need some time away. Things are getting kind of busy here,” Joan answered.
###Chapter 1950
Chapter 1950 
“How’s Larry? Is he doing alright?” Joan continued asking. 
Delilah hesitated before deciding against telling Joan about what just happened. 
After some more small talk, they hung up. Larry was tossing and turning in his bed, unable to fall asleep. He felt like something was wrong, but he wasn’t sure what it was. 
He turned on his phone and called Joan, but it went straight to voicemail. 
When it came to relationships, betrayal was something that truly couldn’t be forgotten. Usually, it was already too late to fix things at that point. 
– 
Dustin glanced at his phone. Some stranger had texted him. 
He opened the message only to see a video clip and some pictures attached. 
“What a scoop!” Dustin smacked his own thigh in excitement. 
Damn, Larry, I didn’t know you were such a guy! 
Dustin smirked devilishly. 
So much for your ‘forever’ and ‘one and only’. You’re still just a cheater! 
Dustin looked at Joan, who wasn’t far off. 
“Joan!” he suddenly called out.
She turned back and looked at Dustin curiously. 
“Let’s go to the hospital.” Dustin grabbed Joan’s arm and started pulling her away. 
She immediately shook his grip off and looked at him awkwardly. 
“I-I’ll go grab my jacket.” She ran toward her room. 
Joan, you will be mine one day. 
Dustin’s eyes glinted coldly and he dialed someone’s number. 
“Hey, Jory, I need a favor.” 
“No can do. I’m busy taking care of my wife,” Jory turned him down heartlessly. 
Nancy had collapsed and almost gotten a miscarriage because he had taken Joan away at that time. Jory hadn’t even brought that up with Dustin yet. 
“I really need your help. I need you to keep an eye on Larry for me, and let me know the minute he does anything suspicious,” Dustin said coldly. 
What’s he up to? First Joan, and now Larry. Will he ever stop? 
“I already told you, I’m busy. There’s a bunch of company stuff that I’m still waiting for you to deal with. Get someone else to track him. I’m done with whatever this mess is about.” After that, Jory hung up. 
Dustin smirked at his phone. 
He knew Jory would definitely help him out. 
“Hey. I need you to track someone down for me.” At that very moment, Jory was placing his own call.
“How is it, Dustin?” Joan looked at Dustin anxiously, waiting for his reply. 
He glanced at Joan and back at the report when his gaze darkened. 
“Joan, I think you need to stay here to get proper treatment for a while. There are some issues with your report, but they’re small fry. Still, we still need to go for another checkup later on to confirm your overall condition.” 
Truthfully, there was nothing wrong with her brain. All she had to do was rest more often. Dustin was the one who was purposely dragging the time. 
He wanted to see what Larry could get up to while Joan wasn’t there. 
With that in mind, Dustin clenched his fists tightly. 
Joan’s expression changed to one of slight sorrow. She wasn’t sure if she should feel good or bad about the news. 
“Dustin, tell me honestly. Is it serious?” Her voice trembled slightly with fear. 
How much gentler and more loveable can she get? Dustin’s eyes glinted with pity for Joan. 
“Don’t worry. I’ll be here with you no matter what. As long as we try to get everything back on track, you’ll be fine.” Dustin approached Joan and wrapped her in a tight hug. 
She didn’t push him away. Perhaps Joan really did need a warm hug right now.
###Chapter 1951
Chapter 1951 
Despite Dustin being the one hugging her, Joan’s mind was full of Larry. 
“Larry…” Joan murmured. 
Dustin’s eyes darkened. 
Why is she still thinking about him? Well, too bad. He already found someone else. He doesn’t deserve Joan’s love! 
Larry was flipping through some files in his office when his door suddenly swung open. 
“Lars!” The intruder’s voice grated annoyingly against Larry’s ears. 
He looked up and glared at the woman in front of him. There was nothing he hated more than someone barging in and disrupting his work environment. 
“What is it?” he asked coldly. 
“Nothing. I just miss you and wanted to see you,” Gabriella said flirtatiously as she approached Larry. 
If only things were actually that simple. Larry was immediately on high alert. 
Gabriella walked toward the sofa after noticing that Larry was basically ignoring her. 
Good luck getting rid of me, Larry. I will stick to you until you take full responsibility of me! 
Gabriella’s eyes glinted coldly. 
“Hey, what’s up with that Gabriella recently? She’s been coming over an awful lot.”
“I don’t know. She’s always had a thing for Mr. Norton, but it’s not like she doesn’t know that he’s married.” 
A couple of women were gossiping outside his office. 
Gabriella knew they’d be curious and smiled cunningly. 
Suddenly, she started to retch. 
Larry stopped what he was doing and looked at the woman in front of him in shock. 
“What’s wrong with you?” he asked, looking at her suspiciously. 
“I don’t know. I’ve been feeling like throwing up all the time recently,” she replied. 
Sh*t! 
Larry suddenly felt a sense of dread. 
She’s not pregnant, is she? He scratched the back of his head worriedly. 
Did I really do something to her that night? How am I supposed to explain everything to Joan when she comes back? 
“Ouch! Ugh, my stomach hurts so bad!” Gabriella purposely clutched her stomach and bent over as if she were really in pain. 
In the hospital, she was finally laying down in a hospital bed. 
“You young’uns really know no boundaries. You should have come sooner, not only now after she’s been pregnant for so long,” the doctor said as he looked at Larry coldly.
Sh*t! Larry put his head in his hands, completely at a loss for what to do. 
“Larry!” Caspian suddenly came running toward him. 
“What’s wrong? Is she pregnant?” Caspian asked in a low, breathless voice. 
Larry turned and looked out the window with a dark expression on his face. 
What the hell did I do to deserve this? 
“Lars?” Gabriella mumbled pitifully. 
“Larry, are you sure the kid is yours?” Caspian looked at Larry suspiciously. 
He still refused to believe that Larry would do anything to that woman. He knew Larry too well, after all. If Larry didn’t like it, he wouldn’t lay even a finger on it. 
“I don’t know,” Larry answered softly. 
Caspian’s eyes darkened. 
Knowing Gabriella, she would probably have found a way to cause a scene even if Larry hadn’t laid a finger on her that night. 
“Here’s some medicine. Make sure to keep her happy, alright? She is pregnant after all,” the doctor said with a serious look at Larry. 
Larry reached out and took the medicine with an expressionless face. 
Ring! Ring!
Gabriella glanced at the caller’s name on her screen before looking at the two people outside. She finally decided to pick up the call. 
“Baby, are you pregnant?” The voice on the other end of the phone sounded slightly sensual. 
“Keep your voice down,” she whispered back. 
“I can’t believe I’m going to be a father.” 
Gabriella scoffed coldly. Why are you so happy? It’s not like I’m going to marry you anyway. 
After stringing him along for a couple more minutes, she hung up the phone. 
“Lars?” Gabriella called out. 
Larry walked in and looked at the woman on the hospital bed a little helplessly.
###Chapter 1952
Chapter 1952 
“I want dumplings.” Gabriella looked at Larry pitifully. 
“I’ll go buy them.” Before Larry could even react, Caspian had already run out the door. 
“When did you get pregnant?” Larry asked carefully. 
Gabriella paused for a second before smiling. 
“Huh? So I am actually pregnant? Did the doctor already tell you?” Gabriella caressed her belly in feigned disbelief. 
Of course, I know I’m pregnant. I just wanted to make sure you knew too. 
Larry’s face soured immediately and he fell into deep thought. 
How am I going to explain to Joan? He scratched the back of his head with an exasperated frown on his face. 
Gabriella felt both glee and pity at the sight of his stress. 
“Here are your dumplings.” Caspian passed them to Gabriella. 
Suddenly, she yelped. 
“Oh no! Would you look at that? How did you manage to spill all that sauce? You got oil all over the blanket,” Caspian mocked on purpose. 
God damn you! 
Gabriella clutched the sheets tightly, trying to keep herself from punching him in the face.
After a deep breath or two, she finally calmed down. 
Disgusting whore. How dare you try and seduce Larry? Caspian’s gaze turned into one of disdain. 
“Can you step out for a second, Caspian? I need to talk to Gabriella for a second,” Larry suddenly said. 
Larry and Gabriella were finally left alone in the room. 
It became so quiet, one could hear a pin drop. 
“Gabriella, tell me the truth. Who is the father?” Larry glared at Gabriella sharply. 
Her eyes teared up instantly. 
“Did you forget everything you did to me, Lars?” she asked in a trembling voice. 
It doesn’t matter who the father is anyway. I’ll still have you wrapped around my finger whether you like it or not! 
“You better tell me the truth. If I find out that it’s not mine, you know what will happen to you.” Larry’s tone was sharp enough that Gabriella knew he wasn’t joking. 
She knew Larry had a reputation for being harsh and definite in whatever he did, much less something like this. 
“What’s going on with you, Lars?” Gabriella asked pitifully. 
She was clearly avoiding the topic since she had never admitted who it was. 
“What do you want from me?” Larry asked. It was obvious that he was already feeling beaten down by Gabriella’s antics.
He had never imagined that he would ever lay a finger on anyone but Joan. 
“This is my first baby. I don’t want to lose it just like that,” Gabriella continued caressing her belly, looking both pitiful and as if she was trying to hold it back. 
Larry’s glare blazed with anger after watching Gabriella acting all innocent. He clenched his fists, trying to hold back his anger. 
No. That baby has to die. 
“The baby shouldn’t come to life. Get rid of it.” Larry turned around and looked out the window. 
Gabriella was taken aback. 
He’s actually willing to kill his own kid? What a monster! Larry, Larry. Is Joan the only woman you’ll ever love? 
“No! Lars, I can’t get rid of my own kid. If you won’t take care of my baby, I will!” Gabriella yelled at Larry. 
The child might not actually have been Larry’s, but Gabriella still didn’t want to kill her own child. 
“No.” 
She scoffed coldly and walked toward Larry with a frigid expression on her face. 
“What? You don’t want Joan to know? She already eloped with someone else. Why are you still hanging on to her?” Gabriella hissed. 
I want that woman’s reputation ruined! I want her to be left behind forever. In fact, I hope to God she dies and never comes back!
Larry’s gaze was darker than coal at that point. 
He hadn’t heard from Joan for what seemed like forever. He didn’t know if she was doing well, nor if she was getting hurt. Now, this new situation was like salt on his wound.
###Chapter 1953
Chapter 1953 
Slam! The door closed heavily. 
Gabriella watched Larry leave with a sinister glint in her eye. 
I have to give birth to this kid! 
She clenched her fists tightly, digging her nails into the flesh of her palms. 
Knock! Knock! 
Gabriella looked at the door again, her eyes excited at the thought of Larry turning back for her. 
“What’s wrong, baby? Are you okay?” Another man hurriedly rushed toward Gabriella. 
She immediately frowned in exasperation. 
“What are you doing here?” she asked fiercely, her eyes blazing with annoyance. 
“What do you mean? Of course, I’m here to see you.” He pulled her into his embrace. 
“Didn’t I already tell you? I don’t want to meet you again. Besides, I’ve already given you the money,” Gabriella said coldly. 
“How could you say that, baby? I didn’t do that with you just for the money. I like you, can’t you tell?” he said gently as he caressed Gabriella’s head. 
She just scoffed coldly in response. 
She no longer believed in love or romance. She had already gone through enough. All she wanted at this point was to get Larry and get rid of Joan. Even if it was out of spite, she wanted to get what she
wanted for once. 
“If you really love me, then never let me see you again,” Gabriella spat coldly. 
His gaze darkened instantly. 
What a b*tch. She’s really burning her bridges, huh? 
“Don’t you miss me, Gabriella?” he smirked dangerously. 
“Did you forget how much fun we had that day?” His sneaky hands started slipping up her shirt. 
Gabriella started to panic. 
“Get out. We can’t be seen together like this. Also, I don’t ever want to see you again,” Gabriella said harshly in a slightly louder voice. 
How can this woman be so cruel? His eyes flashed coldly and he clenched his fists. 
“Joan, are you okay?” Dustin patted her shoulder and asked in a low voice. 
“I’m fine,” she said with a wave of her hand. 
For some reason, Joan had kept feeling nauseous ever since yesterday. The doctor said she had eaten something that had gone bad. 
“What did you even eat?” Dustin said as he looked at Joan tenderly. 
They only emerged from the restroom after a long time. 
“Miss, here’s your soup.” A waiter suddenly approached with a smile. 
“I didn’t order this though,” Joan said with a confused glance at the waiter.
“This man ordered it for you.” 
Joan looked at Dustin with an awkward smile. 
“You should drink more soup. It’s good for you,” Dustin said. 
Joan had been feeling uneasy for the past few days, but she hadn’t been able to put her finger on it exactly and it made her feel even worse. 
After the two of them finished eating, they arrived at the beach. 
“The doctor said that the beach is good for your recovery,” Dustin said in a low voice. 
“Come on, let’s start,” he continued. 
Joan looked at Dustin both awkwardly and hesitatingly. She felt like it wasn’t a good idea. She was a married woman after all. 
“What? Are you embarrassed?” He approached her slowly. 
“I’m not embarrassed! I just…” Joan trailed off, looking as if she found it hard to speak. 
“It’s okay. Everyone here is a stranger. They don’t know who we are, so no one’s going to spread any gossip about you,” Dustin said as he pushed Joan onto the sandy beach. 
Joan looked around and failed to find a face she recognized, so she decided to lie down and relax so she could recover quickly. 
“Look at those two. They’re so sweet. He’s actually feeding her.” 
“Yeah, he’s so handsome, too!”
“How sweet. I wish I had a boyfriend like that.” 
The women next to them kept gossiping loudly. Joan couldn’t hear what they were saying exactly, but their heated stares were already telling her everything she needed to know.
###Chapter 1954
Chapter 1954 
“Look how blessed you are! They’re envious that I’m giving you a massage,” Dustin murmured deliberately. 
Without a word, Joan gave him an awkward smile. 
Did I ask him to massage me? No, I didn’t, but he forced me to accept it. Larry is going to get jealous if he ever finds out about this. 
A hint of worry appeared on the woman’s face. 
“Joan?” Suddenly, a familiar voice sounded. 
Opening her eyes quickly, she saw a woman in front of her. 
“It’s you! Are you here for a vacation?” The short, young woman asked excitedly. 
Joan got to know this woman when she went shopping together with Larry. It was a comical encounter. 
At that time, the woman went shopping as well. Unfortunately, a snatch thief stole her wallet, and she broke her glasses too. Later, she ran into Larry and Joan. Squinting her eyes at him, she insisted adamantly that he was the snatch thief until the police caught the culprit. Their friendship started with a misunderstanding. 
“What? Oh, yeah.” Joan answered with embarrassment. 
She couldn’t reveal the fact that she was sick. 
“Where’s your husband? Or are you…” The woman pointed at Dustin doubtfully.
“I wish I were her husband.” The man smiled faintly. 
Amused, the woman chuckled at his words. 
“Larry has been busy recently,” Joan explained in a low voice. 
“Oh, I see. But he should take a rest sometimes, no matter how busy he is.” 
“Come here, Mom!” a kid shouted from some distance away. 
“Excuse me, my son is calling me. See you again.” The woman patted Joan’s shoulder. While walking away, she mumbled to herself, “How strange. Why would her husband let another man takes care of her?” 
Staring at her retreating back, Joan knew that the woman had a misunderstanding again. 
Whatever. Her opinion doesn’t matter to me. This time, I probably won’t be able to return to my country. 
“Come on, let’s continue.” Dustin rubbed her temples. 
“Are you guys together?” An adorable lady appeared out of nowhere and stood in front of them. 
“No.” Joan denied right away. 
Instantly, her answer thrilled the woman. 
“Can… Can I take a photo with you?” The lady gazed at Dustin bashfully. 
Finally, someone is here to flirt with Dustin! The corner of Joan’s lips curled into a satisfied smile. 
Actually, it’s about time for him to get a girlfriend. 
Dustin glanced awkwardly at the lady. His gaze darkened.
Where did she come from? Why does she want to take a photo with me out of the blue?” He eyed the lady beside him suspiciously. 
“Is there anything wrong? What do you think about this photo?” the lady asked in a low voice. 
“Yeah, it looks great,” Dustin replied half-heartedly. 
A chilly, refreshing sea breeze blew her way. Joan stood up facing the ocean, glancing at the woman who greeted her just now some distance away. 
The woman showed her a ‘V’ sign with a smile. 
In an instant, Joan came to the realization that the woman was the one who asked the lady to come over and take a photo with Dustin. 
What a meticulous and thoughtful woman. 
In the office, Larry was staring at the computer screen solemnly, but his mind was occupied by Joan’s face. 
“Larry.” Caspian knocked on the door and ambled in. 
“Gabriella insisted on keeping the baby, or else…” He hesitated and bit his tongue. 
“Or else? What is she going to do?” Lifting his head, Larry looked at the man with a brow raised. 
“Or else she would be gone together with the baby.” 
Bang! He pounded the desk with his fist. 
Who on earth does she think she is? How dare she bargain with me!
“Larry, it’ll be troublesome if anything happens to her. After all, Gabriella is the only daughter of the Ward family.” 
Larry’s gaze appeared gloomy. Of course, I know I can’t act impetuously. 
“Is there any news about Joan?”
###Chapter 1955
Chapter 1955 
“I just spotted her in a surveillance footage of the airport. But…” Caspian paused for a second. 
“But she was with Dustin.” 
I knew it! It’s that scumbag! 
Larry’s gaze grew frigid at once. When is he going to stop clinging onto Joan? But why is she willing to go overseas with him? 
After a small talk, Caspian left the office. 
At night, a crescent moon and a few twinkling stars hung in the pitch-black sky. Staring out the window at a lighthouse nearby, Larry was deep in contemplation. 
Ring! Ring! Ring! 
Glancing at his phone, the man answered the call immediately. 
“Dad, when is Mom coming home? I miss her so much.” Lucius’ voice sounded weary. 
“Your mom is busy these days. Don’t worry, Lucius. When she’s free, I’ll bring her to see you,” Larry comforted him. 
Everyone misses her a lot. Why didn’t she call us? 
Hanging up the phone, the man scrolled through the contact list in his phone, found Joan’s number, and called her. 
“Hello?” She picked up the phone.
A gleam of hope flashed across Larry’s eyes. 
“Joan, where are you?” the man murmured with much concern. 
“I…” Joan’s voice trailed off. 
Can I tell him that I’m abroad together with Dustin? Should I let him know that I came here to check on my brain? No, I can’t tell him. 
“Larry, don’t worry, I’m fine. Perhaps I’ll be back after some time,” she said gradually. 
She would rather be with Dustin than tell me what is going on. 
A look of disappointment crossed on Larry’s face. 
She’s my wife. Why does she hide things from me? We’ve been together for so long, but she still doesn’t trust me. 
“Joan, Lucius and Ms. Young miss you,” he said slowly. 
So what? The woman’s eyes glinted with a twinge of grief. 
I can’t be with them anyway. 
“Joan, have some fruits.” Suddenly, Dustin yelled beside her. 
“What? I’m sorry. Something came up, so I have to hang up now.” With that, she hung up on him straight away. 
That voice was Dustin’s! 
Larry felt as if a knife stabbed into his heart, cutting it into pieces.
“Who were you talking to? You look sad just now,” Dustin asked gently. Putting a piece of apple into his mouth, he feigned ignorance. 
In fact, from the moment Joan first spoke on the phone, he already guessed that it was Larry who called her. Therefore, he took the chance to sow discord between them. 
Oh Larry, if you had believed in her, you wouldn’t have doubted her. Above all, you shouldn’t have abandoned her. I bet you’re busy handling your relationship with Gabriella now. 
An impish smile broke across Dustin’s face. 
“Why are you smiling?” The woman gave him a nudge. 
“Huh? Nothing. Eat some fruits.” Handing a plate of sliced fruits to her, he stood up and walked away. 
Looking at his departing back, Joan felt puzzled. 
Is he’s happy because the lady took photos with him just now? 
“Lucius, wake up!” Delilah shrieked desperately. 
However, the boy on the bed didn’t move an inch. 
“Hello, is this 911? I need an ambulance!” 
In the hospital, Lucius was on a drip as he lay on the bed with his eyes closed. In the meantime, Delilah was sitting beside him with a troubled face. 
“What happened?” Larry stormed into the ward. 
“I don’t know. I just couldn’t wake him up this morning…” She choked back her tears.
“Ms. Young, don’t worry. Let me ask the doctor.” He quickly headed to the doctor’s office. 
“The child is too young. After his last surgery, he was recovering well. However, he’s been feeling down lately, and that is detrimental to…”
###Chapter 1956
Chapter 1956 
At his words, Larry was bewildered. 
Lucius’ daily life has been revolving around his school and home. Why does he feel depressed then? 
“Ms. Young, have you noticed anything strange with Lucius lately?” He glanced at the woman with concern. 
Delilah hesitated for a moment. “Every day during mealtimes, he always asked when Joan would come back. He said he was worried about his Mom, that she might be bullied outside…” she said softly. 
Hearing that, Larry’s gaze turned grim. 
I see. It’s because of Joan. 
The man promptly fished out his phone and dialed her number, but the call didn’t get through. Out of agitation, he took two photos of the boy on the bed and sent them to her. 
Ding! 
Joan swiped to unlock her phone, and she was stunned by what she saw. 
Without hesitation, she called him back straight away. 
“What’s going on? What happened to Lucius?” 
Her anxious voice and hasty tone gave him an illusion that she was right next to him. 
“He’s hospitalized. The doctor said he has been depressed recently,” Larry answered slowly. 
Is it because of me?
A panic overtook Joan. Her eyes were filled with remorse. 
“Ms. Young said that he often asked when you’re coming back every time he eats. He called me many times too,” the man said in a husky voice. 
The woman’s eyes turned red-rimmed as her body quivered. 
“Joan, please come back, if you will. The boy really needs you now.” 
She could no longer hold back her emotion. Hanging up the phone, she huddled up on the couch with her arms around her knees, sobbing in anguish. 
Lucius is admitted to the hospital because of me. It’s all my fault! 
Tears trickled down her face and soaked the pillow under her head. 
Knock! Knock! Knock! 
Someone knocked incessantly on the door, but she showed no response at all, as though she didn’t hear it. 
“Joan!” Dustin bawled outside the room, but no one answered the door. 
The man grew restless and sprinted to the reception counter. 
Boom! The door was kicked open forcefully. 
What came into sight was the woman who fell asleep with swollen eyes after crying her heart out. 
“Joan…” He shook her arm gently. 
She was completely unresponsive.
Glancing around, the man didn’t see any pills or medicine. 
Thank God she didn’t hurt herself. 
He tiptoed into the bedroom, took a blanket, and gently covered her with it. Squatting down beside her, he studied her face. 
What happened to her? Why did she cry so sadly? Is it because of Larry? Or… 
At these thoughts, Dustin’s gaze darkened. 
After what seemed like decades, the woman on the couch gradually opened her eyes. Only then she realized that Dustin was leaning against the side of the couch with his eyes shut. 
“Dustin…” Joan nudged his arm. 
She wanted to tell him that she was going to return to her country, so Lucius would get well soon. 
Staring at the man who was in a deep slumber, she sat up quietly, draped the blanket around his shoulders, and sauntered toward the bedroom. 
“Joan!” Suddenly, the man behind her called out loudly. 
“Did something come up?” Dustin put the blanket on the couch and marched toward her. 
“I’m going back.” 
Her unflinching gaze and her resolute expression caught him off guard. 
“But you have yet to do the final checkup.” Dustin hurriedly tried to convince her. 
However, this was not important to her anymore.
“Dustin, I can’t thank you enough for bringing me here for medical checkups, but I have something urgent to attend to now.” Turning around, she started packing her luggage. 
Unexpectedly, the man stepped forward and stopped her, gazing at her with a stern face. 
“What is so important that you’re risking your life for it? Is it because of Larry? Is it him?” Dustin clutched her arms. 
“Let go of me. It hurts!” She struggled against him.
###Chapter 1957
Chapter 1957 
In the next second, he felt a pang of heartache and promptly loosened his grip on Joan. 
“I’m sorry. I forgot myself.” 
“It’s Lucius. He’s admitted to the hospital…” she explained in a soft voice. 
So what? Why should she care about the child? He is only her adopted son, and they’re not related by blood. 
Scratching the back of his head, Dustin couldn’t wrap his head around what she was thinking. 
Watching the woman bustle around the room, he knew that there was no way he could stop her from going back. 
Fine, I’ll let her be. 
“I’m going back with you.” With that, Dustin turned around and headed back to his bedroom to pack his luggage. 
Joan froze at his words. A second later, she recollected herself. Is he not angry with me? 
In the hospital, Lucius was lying on the bed, while looking out the window. His gaze was bleak and melancholic. Exasperated, Delilah’s heart ached for him. 
Ring, ring, ring… 
Delilah took a look at her phone and promptly picked it up. 
“Hello, Joan.”
Lucius swiftly tilted his head to look at the woman beside him. 
“Really? Okay, I got it. I’ll pass the phone to Lucius now.” She swiftly handed the phone to him. 
“Mom!” The weariness in his voice couldn’t conceal the excitement in it. 
“Lucius, I’m coming back soon…” Joan spoke in a low voice, as she was afraid that she might not be able to suppress her emotions and broke down in tears when she heard his voice. 
“I miss you so much,” the boy protested. 
“Dad and Grandma miss you too.” 
Joan was at a loss for words. 
I miss them too, but I don’t know how much time I have left to live. I’m afraid I might not be able to stay by their side for long. 
“Hey, Lucius is awake. You look happy today.” Larry came into the ward with some fruits. 
The man’s voice tugged at her heartstrings and made her miss him even more. 
“Dad, it’s Mom!” Lucius pointed at the phone enthusiastically. 
Larry was stunned for a split second. His lips quirked up into a smile. 
“Mom is calling you, huh?” he asked slowly. Surprise flickered in his eyes. 
“Ah!” Running hastily, Joan tripped over herself and fell onto the floor. Her right hand rubbed her bleeding knee. Despite the pain, she got up on her feet and staggered forward. Behind her, Dustin saw it and felt for her.
Why must she make herself so miserable? Why can’t she just live for herself? 
His fists balled up, and his gaze grew cold. 
“Lucius!” The woman darted into the ward while calling out loud. 
But there was no sign of anyone. 
Have I come to the wrong ward? 
“Mom!” Suddenly, Lucius wrapped his arms around her from behind. 
“You scared me! I thought I came to the wrong ward. How are you? Are you feeling better now?” Gazing at the boy with much concern, she caressed his head. 
Holding onto her leg, Lucius refused to let her go, even after a long while. Snuggling up to his mother, he suddenly felt aggrieved. 
“Mom, where have you been recently? Dad said you’re too busy to see me.” He gazed pitifully at her. 
Joan’s eyes misted over at his words. 
I’ve done wrong. I shouldn’t have gone overseas so abruptly and made everyone worry about me. 
“Lucius, are you getting better?” Dustin reached out to stroke his head. 
With all of his might, the boy flung his hand away with an annoyed face. 
It must be this man who took Mom away. He gave Dustin a death stare. 
When did this rascal become so rude? He eyed the boy speculatively.
“Mr. Dustin, aren’t you busy? Why are you here again?” Lucius emphasized the word ‘again’ intentionally. 
I bet he can hear the displeasure in my tone. 
The boy turned around and hugged Joan tightly.
###Chapter 1958
Chapter 1958 
Dustin was overcome with embarrassment. 
How dare this brat humiliate me this way! The man clenched his hands firmly as his gaze grew icy. 
“I have to visit Lucius, no matter how busy I am,” he murmured. 
Hmph! Who cares about him if it isn’t for Joan? 
“Joan, you’re finally back.” Delilah strode into the ward with a worried look. 
“Ms. Young.” Joan stood up and pulled Delilah into her embrace. 
In the meantime, Dustin glanced around the ward and felt curious. This is odd. Where is Larry? Isn’t that jerk supposed to stay at the hospital and take care of Lucius? 
“Joan, we were so worried. Do you know how long has Larry looked for you? He suffers from insomnia for a period of time…” Delilah babbled on. 
Standing beside them, Dustin pursed his lips in disdain. 
Why does he still mess around with other woman then? His gaze turned scornful. 
Is he hiding because he can’t bring himself to face Joan? 
The corner of his lips curved into a mischievous smile. I can’t wait to see how Larry is going to explain to her about the things that happened between him with Gabriella. 
In the office, Larry was flipping through a magazine with a solemn look. 
Ring! Ring!
“Hello, Larry. Joan is back,” Caspian mumbled. 
In an instant, the pen in Larry’s hand dropped on the desk. 
“She’s still at the hospital. You…” 
“No need. I’ll be there after work.” The man hung up right after speaking. 
Caspian stared at the phone, confused yet curious. Doesn’t he yearn for Joan’s return? 
Standing up, Larry strolled toward the window and glanced at the sea far away. Uneasiness and trepidation welled up in his heart. I have yet to settle the things between me and Gabriella. What will Joan think if she gets to know about it? Distress was written all over his face. 
When she was not around, he couldn’t stop thinking about her. Now that she was back, he felt fearful. 
A human’s psychology worked in an enigmatic way. Most of the time, people longed for things that they couldn’t have. But once they had it, they would despise it for no reason. 
Ring! Ring! 
Glancing at the caller ID, Larry paused for a moment before picking up the phone. 
“Hello, I’m back.” Her deep voice sounded strained. 
“Thank you,” the man spoke slowly. 
Both their tones were impassive, devoid of any emotion. Joan waited for the man to go on, but he fell silent. 
In the end, they hung up the phone in less than two minutes.
Perhaps it was out of guilt about leaving him, or she was upset to see Lucius’ condition. Joan hung her head, and her eyes dimmed with sorrow. 
“Ms. Ward, Joan came back.” 
Hah! She still remembers to come home? Is she here to snatch Larry away from me? This time, she’s bound to lose. 
A trace of malice gleamed in her eyes. 
“Since when did she come back?” Gabriella asked in an icy tone. 
“She just came back today, together with Dustin. They went to the hospital right after that. I heard the boy named Lucius has been admitted.” 
“Okay, I got it. Keep a close eye on Larry.” With that said, she hung up. 
She came back on the dot. It’s time to let her know the truth. Larry, just you wait! You’re definitely going to marry me. 
With a frigid gaze, Gabriella clenched her fists tightly. 
“Ms. Young, why isn’t he back yet?” Joan was slightly uneasy. Her eyes flicked between Delilah and Lucius, who was in a deep slumber on the hospital bed. 
It’s been a while since I last met him. I wonder how he is doing now. 
A sense of anxiety spiked in the woman’s heart. 
“That’s weird. He isn’t working overtime these days. He usually comes here right after work.” Delilah cast a puzzled glance at the door.
Is he still mad at me? A glint of dejection was in Joan’s eyes. 
“Why isn’t Larry here yet? We’ve waited for so long. Is this how he takes care of the child?” Dustin scoffed deliberately.
###Chapter 1959
Chapter 1959 
If it were not for his call, Joan would not have considered to come back. 
“I am here!” At that instant, a familiar voice echoed from the door. 
Joan walked over excitedly and wanted to hug Larry. However, Larry ignored her and walked right to Lucius’s bed. 
“Ms. Young, how is he today?” he asked gently. 
At that moment, Joan could not feel more awkward. 
It seemed like Larry was still mad at her. 
Looking at this scene, Dustin’s lips curled into a sarcastic smile. Why? Are you feeling too guilty to hug your wife? 
“The doctor says he just needs a few more days of rest,” Delilah replied hurriedly. 
Larry nodded at her and turned his gaze towards Lucius who was lying on the bed. 
Just then, his phone rang. He took a glimpse at the screen and hung up abruptly. 
Seconds later, the call came in again. Feeling annoyed, Larry picked it up and scolded, “What exactly do you want?” 
Joan was stunned by his reaction. Who is it that makes him so angry? 
A few days had passed. Ever since Joan came back, Lucius was extremely joyful. He was no longer depressed, whereas his appetite had considerably improved.
“Mom, I want to go home,” Lucius said suddenly. 
Joan smiled at Lucius, who was still lying on his bed. Without hesitation, she stepped towards the doctor’s office. 
“I can discharge him, but you have to keep an eye on his emotion,” the doctor answered slowly. 
Soon after that, all of them were back to the village with their stuff. 
“Dad, I want to eat fruit.” 
“Alright, there you go!” 
“Mom, let’s have some dumplings tonight, okay?” 
“Sure.” Joan caressed Lucius’s hair gently before she walked into the kitchen. 
Gazing at the happy family of three, Delilah displayed a wide satisfied grin on her face. 
The most important thing for a family is health and unity. Such happiness could not be bought with wealth. It is my blessings to be able to meet with this family. 
Right then, there was a knock on the door. 
Who will still come over during this hour? Delilah stared at the door curiously and then walked over slowly. 
“Who are you looking for?” She was a little startled to see a gorgeous lady standing at the door. 
“I am here for Larry.” The lady deliberately touched her pregnant belly as she said this. 
At that instant, Delilah’s gaze darkened. She could sense something terrible was about to happen.
“Ms. Young, who is it?” Joan asked from the kitchen in a loud voice. 
Hearing the familiar voice, Gabriella’s eyes flashed with coldness. Arrogantly, she walked into the tiny living room before Delilah could stop her. 
“It’s me!” Her haughty voice echoed through the entire house. 
This voice… could it be… 
Joan immediately raised her head, and her heart petrified the moment she saw Gabriella. 
How does she find this place? 
Lucius observed Joan’s reaction and instantly knew it was an unwelcomed guest. He turned his head and continued to watch his show, ignoring Gabriella, who was standing right beside him. 
“What the h*ll are you doing here?” Larry showed up suddenly before Gabriella and glared at her ferociously. 
“What? Why couldn’t I come? I come to visit all of you.” Gabriella cast back a cold smile. 
Such a ludicrous joke! She has just set me up not long ago. How dare she come to our place now? 
“You are not welcomed here.” An unexpected phrase came out of Lucius’ mouth. 
Hearing this, a dark expression loomed over Gabriella’s face. 
Who the h*ll is this rude kid? He didn’t greet me, and now he dared to talk to me like this! 
“Whose kid is this? Doesn’t he have any manners?” 
Listened to Gabriella’s accusation, Lucius stood up and walked steadily towards her.
Even though he was still young at age, he understood a lot about the adult world. He might not fully know the intention of the woman standing in front of him, but at least, he could see that she had a poor character.
###Chapter 1960
Chapter 1960 
“Hello, Madam. May I ask why do you come into our house?” Lucius gave a full bow towards Gabriella. 
With that, Gabriella’s face was flushed red with anger. 
Delilah, who was standing from afar, did not say anything while she observed Gabriella. She gave a long sigh and shook her head repeatedly at this situation. 
“Leave now!” Larry grabbed Gabriella’s hand forcefully. 
“Why should I leave? I have done nothing wrong. What’s going on, Lars? Am I an embarrassment to you here?” Out of a sudden, Gabriella grabbed back Larry’s arm and leaned tightly on him. 
All these were being witnessed by Joan from the kitchen. 
What is it between the two of them? 
She could not believe what she is seeing at the moment. 
“Let go of me now! Please leave!” Larry was trying to push Gabriella to her way out. 
“Lars, don’t forget to come to find me ya…” Gabriella coaxed in a loud manner. 
Right at that moment, there was an awkward silence among the other parties at the scene. Anyone could see that Larry had a complicated relationship with that lady. 
From what Joan knew, Larry never behaves like this. If Gabriella were to touch him like this before, he would have pushed her away mercilessly.
“Come on, Joan. Lucius just came out from the hospital. Let’s make a few more dishes for him.” Delilah attempted to distract Joan. 
“Huh? I see. Okay.” Joan seemed a bit reluctant, but still, she submissively walked to the fridge to get some more ingredients. 
“Gabriella, get lost now!” Larry glared daggers at the ridiculous woman. 
Never did he expected that Gabriella would have crossed this line and came here. 
“Lars, are you really mad at me? You don’t like me to be here, do you? Then I won’t anymore. I am worried about you as you didn’t pick up my call. That’s why I came. If anything happens to you, what am I gonna do?” Gabriella acted pitiful while again touching her belly. 
At that moment, Larry felt as though his head was going to explode. 
“It is too soon to make any assumption. We can’t even confirm if the baby is mine. Please go back and rest well.” Upon finished speaking, Larry turned to leave. 
“Lars!” Gabriella suddenly hugged him from behind. 
“This baby is yours. Regardless of whether you want to admit it or not, it is yours, and I will never abort it.” Upon saying this, she let go of him and left. 
At that moment, Larry’s face was devoid of expression. 
After all, this is a life we are talking about here. Moreover, it is my child. How could I be so cruel? But Joan… 
Larry gave a punch on his own head. He was devastated as the whole situation had gotten out of his hand.
“Dad, who is that woman?” Lucius asked indifferently while both his eyes were still locked on the television screen. 
“Nobody. She is just a friend of mine.” Larry tried to pull himself together. 
“What kind of friend?” The kid continued to ask. 
Larry was agitated by his son’s persistence, but he still trying to act calm. 
“She is… just an ordinary friend.” 
Lucius smiled and did not further question. As long as Dad does not have another woman, it would be fine. 
On the other hand, Joan, who was still in the kitchen, seemed utterly dispirited. 
“Joan, the water is boiling.” Delilah reminded with a gentle tone. 
Joan did not respond to Delilah’s voice, as she was still deeply troubled by the scene that just happened. 
“Joan?” Delilah patted on Joan’s shoulder. 
“Yes? What is it?” Joan raised her brows in shock. 
“Are you okay? The water is boiling already.” Delilah pointed at the pot on the stove. 
Joan gave an awkward smile and hurried to proceed with the cooking. 
Larry saw this from the living room, while his eyes filled with guilt and helplessness.
The dinner on that day was extraordinarily quiet. Four of them just looked down on their own plates and ate, with no one willing to start a conversation.
###Chapter 1961
Chapter 1961 
“I am full. I will go to my room first.” Lucius stood up and walked to his own room. 
“I’m almost done too.” Delilah wittily stood up and left too. 
Now there were only Larry and Joan left in the dining room with an extremely awkward atmosphere. 
“Here. Eat some more meat. You have lost weight recently.” Larry grabbed some meat and put on Joan’s plate. 
“Thanks,” Joan said in a soft voice. 
Her gentleness left Larry in slight astonishment, as she was usually not so courteous towards him. 
“Why did Gabriella come?” Joan asked while eating from her plate. There was a deep sorrow within her eyes, but she still tried to act unconcerned. 
“Yeah? She heard that you are back. So she came over to see you,” Larry replied with a low voice. 
What a hilarious excuse. Gabriella longs for me to leave Larry. She even wishes me dead. How could she possibly come to see me? Obviously, she came to see Larry. 
“I don’t think she was here to see me, right? I was nearly killed by her not long ago,” Joan responded with disdain. 
Even though she had not found any evidence to back this thought, there was no one other than Gabriella who had so much hatred towards her. 
“Let’s not talk about her anymore. How about you? Why did you go overseas so suddenly? You didn’t even tell me,” Larry asked gently.
Is he trying to change the topic? Plus, how can he be so calm now? The last time when he found out I was with Dustin, he almost lost his mind. 
“I went to have a check on my brain,” Joan replied faintly. 
“What? Are you okay?” Larry immediately put down his fork and sat beside Joan. He touched her forehead and looked straight into her eyes. Why didn’t I know about her brain illness? 
“It’s fine. I just wanted to check on it. There is no problem.” Joan smiled. 
Right at this moment, she was secretly elated and touched. 
He cares for me so much. Why should I suspect him and Gabriella? It must be me who overthink. 
Joan shook her head several times, trying to clear her thoughts. 
She was indeed a typical woman who got touched easily by small gestures. 
Ring… Ring… Ring… 
Joan stared at her phone, apparently reluctant to pick it up. 
But the phone kept ringing until she had no choice and finally put the phone by her mouth. 
“Dustin, what is it? I am still in bed.” 
Dustin did not mind her temper as he was the one calling at this weird hour. 
“Wake up and come out. I have something really important to tell you.” Dustin sounded utterly serious on the phone. 
Joan could clearly sense the urgency in Dustin’s tone.
“What exactly is it? Just tell me on the phone,” Joan said while rubbing her eyes. 
“See you at ten. Same old place.” Dustin abruptly hung up on her. 
Without much thought, Joan jumped out of bed and rushed into the washroom to freshen up. She had to find out what Dustin wanted to say. In a blink of an eye, she was on her way to the mentioned venue. 
Inside the restaurant, the lights were dim while the atmosphere was rather quiet with low music in the background. The air was filled with the fragrance of flowers. Joan pushed the door open and noticed Dustin sitting in a corner. 
“What’s so important that you have to tell me in person?” Joan placed her handbag on the seat. 
“Come. Let’s eat first,” Dustin responded in a low voice. 
What the h*ck is this? Joan stared at him skeptically. 
Looking at his utterly displeased expression with a bitter aura, she had a bad feeling about what was awaiting her. From what she knew, Dustin did not like others to talk when he was angry. Thus she lowered her head silently while cutting the steak on her plate, waiting for the former to start the topic. 
“Do you really love Larry?” After a short moment, Dustin abruptly put down the fork in his hand and stared at her solemnly. 
What an absurd question. If I don’t love him, why would I marry him? Joan was stunned momentarily. 
“Dustin, what’s wrong with you? Of course, I love Larry,” Joan answered firmly.
###Chapter 1962
Chapter 1962 
Knowing Larry was the best thing that had ever happened to Joan. He was the reason that she learned about love, and he made her felt that she had no regret in this life. 
“Okay then. Does he love you?” Dustin asked again. 
Of course, he loves me! Whenever I am in trouble, he always risks himself to protect me. And when I am sad, he is always there to cheer me up. 
“He does… Why?” Joan could not wrap her head around it. 
“Joan, this is merely an assumption. What if Larry has another woman? What will you do?” Dustin observed Joan while anticipating her answer. 
Will she leave Larry and choose me? 
With this at thought, Dustin became a little emotional. 
“That’s not possible. Larry will never do that.” Joan waved her hand and continued eating her steak. 
On the other hand, Joan did notice Larry’s strange behavior lately. Whether eating or sleeping together, she could feel that Larry was somehow anxious, if not depressed. She assumed it was the massive company workload that had been exhausting him. 
Could it be for real? But it’s really quite impossible. He said he would always be loyal to me, and I would be the only woman he ever loved. 
“Dustin, did you hear any rumors?” Joan stared at Dustin cautiously.
Yes, I did. I had heard about this when I was overseas. And I found out after I came back that Gabriella is even pregnant with his child. This is unacceptable. 
“Nope. I am just doing a small survey about this topic. It is common for men to have affairs. After all, who could be sure to only love one woman forever.” Dustin took a sip of coffee while hesitating if he should tell Joan the truth. 
But right at that moment, Joan was about to lose herself. 
Joan, I can only tell you this much today. I hope you can be ready mentally. 
Dustin’s heart twitched in pain as he stared at the vulnerable woman in front of him. 
He had always thought both of them could be together in the end. Even though they had been through ups and downs together, the reality turned out to be cruel. 
Dustin let out a long, despondent sigh. 
“Is it busier in the company recently?” Joan suddenly changed the topic. 
Since Dustin was currently the second-biggest shareholder of Norton Corporation, he should more or less know about the business in the company. 
“So far, so good. It has always been busy. But I seldom stick my nose into it as most of them are managed by Larry.” Dustin smiled faintly. 
Initially, he entered Norton Corporation for the sake of Joan, but it looked like a redundant move right now. 
“Is it? No wonder Larry seems strange recently. I bet he is too tired,” Joan mumbled to herself. 
Dustin sneered and stretched his body.
In the living room, Joan played games with Lucius while Delilah was gardening in the backyard. At the same time, Larry was sitting alone in his office, going through piles of documents. 
Ring… Ring… Ring… 
Joan took a glimpse at her phone and threw it aside on the couch. 
“Mom, why don’t you pick up the phone?” Lucius glanced at his mother with a confused look. 
“That’s just a marketing call from some promoter,” Joan replied with a low voice. 
In fact, it was a call from Gabriella, but Joan did not want anything to do with that cunning woman. 
Joan had never had any bad intention towards Gabriella, but the latter kept betraying her again and again. Therefore, Joan no longer had any fantasy to rekindle her friendship with the latter. Instead of bearing the risk of being betrayed again, she would rather cut off this toxic bond once and for all. 
Yet the call did not stop coming in, so Joan bluntly turned off the phone for a moment of peace. 
D*mn it! 
On the other end, Gabriella threw her phone on the floor and stomped her foot in exasperation. 
How dare she not pick up my call! 
Bam! Gabriella rammed her fist into the surface of her desk. Instantly, fresh blood streamed down from her fingers.
###Chapter 1963
Chapter 1963 
“Get the car ready now! I am going out!” Gabriella could no longer suppress her rage. 
Bang! Bang! Bang! There were loud knocks on the front door. 
Lucius who was watching television in the living room was shocked by the loud noise. 
“Who is it? Sounds like they are trying to break the door down.” Lucius whispered to himself while staring at the door. 
Whoever it is, I am sure it is without good intention! 
Joan and Delilah were also staring at the door, with their eyes flashed in cold glint. 
“What are you doing here?” Delilah asked rudely as soon as she opened the door. 
Gabriella ignored her and tried to walk past her. 
“Ms. Ward, this is my house. I am sorry, but you are not welcomed here.” Delilah stretched both her arms and blocked Gabriella’s way. 
What a stubborn old lady. Is she still trying to act hero at this age? I guess I’ll have to do it the hard way! 
“I am looking for Joan!” She did not hold back her volume, acting like a b*tch. 
I will not let her run wild in my house! 
“Joan is busy.” Delilah tried hard to push Gabriella out while closing the door. 
“Joan, come out now! I have to talk to you! Joan!” Gabriella began shouting out loud.
What is she up to? She comes all the way here just because I didn’t answer her call? Joan bit her lips while trying to ignore the indignant woman outside. 
“Mom, is it the lady from the last time? Don’t go out there. I am sure she is an evil woman,” Lucius nudged Joan gently. 
Even a kid knows how to differentiate between good and evil. Gabriella, you ought to be ashamed of yourself. Joan could only shake her head and sigh. 
There is such a huge difference among human. 
“Joan, it is about Larry!” Gabriella was still shouting persistently outside. 
Upon hearing this, Joan’s eyes lit up. 
What has Larry done? 
Joan could not control herself from standing up abruptly and walking towards the door. 
This is not good! 
Delilah quickly stepped in front of her to stop her. 
“Joan, don’t listen to her lies. She is just trying to lure you out. Just ignore her.” Delilah cautiously stared at Joan. 
What then? Should I just stay inside and do nothing? 
Joan stared at Delilah frigidly. 
Is Ms. Young hiding something from me too?
Joan chose to follow her own heart as she pushed open the door forcefully and stepped towards Gabriella. 
“What do you want to say?” 
Finally, she is willing to come out, just because she heard Larry’s name! But what a shame that he will no longer belong to her! 
Gabriella curled her lips into a cold smile while touching her own belly carefully. 
“Let’s find a place and talk in private.” Gabriella sneered internally but projected a calm face. 
Fine. There is nothing I should be afraid of. And I doubt she would dare to harm me in this broad daylight. 
“Let’s go.” Joan agreed right away. 
In a café, both of them sat down facing each other, while both were having deep thoughts within their heads. 
What exactly is it about Larry? 
Joan skeptically looked at Gabriella as she could not wait for the latter to tell her story. 
“Joan, I remember you said before, that you love Larry, and he loves you, right? But do you know the truth?” Gabriella took a sip of coffee. 
“He is only pitying you. He chose to be with you out of his guilt. When you were receiving treatment overseas, he found out and felt that he wronged you. That’s why he tries his best to make it up to you by taking care of you…” Gabriella fabricated her own imagination.
At that moment, Joan gazed at her frostily. 
Joan had no doubt about Larry’s love for her. But she was befuddled as to how Gabriella could talk so confidently as though she was an insider. 
“Gabriella, I am not interested in listening to your story. If this is all you want to talk about, I am sorry, I still have other stuff to do. Bye.” Joan intended to stand up and leave.
###Chapter 1964
Chapter 1964 
“Hold on a second!” Gabriella shouted. 
Such an impatient woman. Why couldn’t she wait for me to get to the point? 
“Don’t you want to listen till the end? Are you sure you won’t regret this?” Gabriella provoked sarcasm while stirring her cup of coffee. 
“Then please get to the point. I know better than anyone how he feels for me!” Joan had lost her cool. 
Gabriella did not hold back her temper either as she threw her spoon harshly on the table. 
“Since you are so impatient, I will get straight to the point. Please divorce Larry, as I am pregnant with his child. I know he hasn’t told you about us and I understand that it is hard for him to explain to you. But sooner or later, we all have to face this reality,” Gabriella spoke ruthlessly. 
At that instant, Joan felt as if she had lost everything and hit rock bottom. 
Is she kidding me? 
Joan stared at Gabriella in bewilderment and kept shaking her head. 
How could Larry possibly touch her! 
“Why? Do you not believe me? Alright. Take a look at this.” 
The next second, Gabriella placed in front of Joan a document from the hospital. 
She is indeed pregnant! 
“That’s right, and the baby is Larry’s. You can go home and ask him directly,” Gabriella added.
Joan was devastated by Gabriella’s confidence and pride. 
No wonder the last time Gabriella came to Ms. Young’s house, Larry acted so strangely. And no wonder he is always in a bad mood recently. 
“When was this?” Joan tried hard to hold herself together as she needed to know all the truth. 
“When you were overseas, Larry went to the bar almost every day, and I accompanied him… “ 
Joan was still struggling to clear her thoughts. 
Gabriella is a cunning woman. I should not believe naively everything she said. At least I should confront Larry about it. 
“Gabriella, do you really expect me to believe you?” Joan cut Gabriella with a cold stare. 
Regardless of what the truth might be, Joan figured she should not lose her ground at least. 
Gabriella snickered for a second, and her expression returned to normal. 
Even at this stage, she’s still pretending to act calm! I am sure she is anxious and in pain inside. What a hypocrite! Joan, why are you so hard on yourself? 
“I am not lying. You can ask Larry for more details. That’s all. I got to go.” Upon saying that, Gabriella grabbed her handbag and left the café. 
The second after Gabriella left, Joan let down her guard, and her eyes started brimming with tears. 
Now she began to comprehend why Dustin asked her out and told her those words. He was warning her. 
Joan closed her eyes and took a deep breath, trying to relax.
“Miss, please wake up… “ Just then, A waiter gently patted Joan’s shoulder. 
She opened her eyes and realized she had dozed off. 
“I am sorry. Could you please bring me another coffee?” Joan responded meekly while rubbing her sleepy eyes. 
Outside the window, the night was starting to consume the world, as the neon lights remained as alluring. Citizens on the street were in such a hurry, as though every single of them were rushing back to their own beloved family. 
Is Larry home yet? 
Joan took a glimpse at her watch, her eyes full of sorrow. She had no idea how to approach Larry with that matter even if she went home. 
“Miss, this is your coffee. The gentleman at another table had paid for it.” The waiter appeared suddenly with her order. 
“Wait a second.” Joan grabbed the waiter’s wrist when he was about to leave. 
“Who is that gentleman?” Joan asked cautiously. 
Due to the dim lights, she failed to recognize the man who was sitting at a distanced table. 
“It is his first time here, so I am not sure. But I heard he just came back from overseas. A seemingly powerful businessman.” The waiter smiled politely.
###Chapter 1965
Chapter 1965 
“In that case…” Joan loosened her grip and continued, “Send over some desserts to him. You can put it on my tab.” 
She never liked owing favors to others, much less receiving gifts from strangers. 
A lively crowd gathered outside. Several couples embraced on the roadside as if they were whispering sweet nothings to each other. 
“Is this seat taken?” A man’s voice sounded from behind. 
She turned around and saw the person who had bought her the coffee earlier. 
“Go ahead.” Joan responded almost immediately. 
“Thanks for the dessert.” The man smiled at the plate in his hands. 
His dimpled smile was mesmerizing. It reminded her of the first time she met Larry, who stood out with a gentlemanly charm at the time. 
“Thanks for the coffee,” Joan mumbled. 
“Are you here on your own?” the man continued. 
She nodded. A trace of sorrow lingered in her gaze. 
After chatting for a bit, they shared pleasant impressions of each other and exchanged numbers before heading their separate ways.
“Mom, you’re back! I thought you were going to leave me again.” Lucius propelled himself into Joan’s arms. 
“Now, why would I do that to my little man?” She caressed the boy’s head. 
“Let’s eat now that you’re back. Larry won’t join us for dinner since he’s working overtime,” Delilah explained. 
Is he really? Or is he at Gabriella’s place? 
A cold glint flashed across Joan’s eyes. 
She then pulled out her phone and dialed Larry’s number. 
“Hey Joan, I’ll be working overtime tonight. There’s a lot to deal with in the office, so I’m not coming back for dinner,” Larry muttered. 
He only ever speaks like this when he’s lying. 
Joan snorted grimly. 
Larry had always been indifferent and ruthless with the business side of things, but this cruel mask of his would fade away before Joan. He couldn’t bear lying to the woman he loved. 
“Lars, what are you doing? Who are you on the phone with?” a familiar feminine voice sounded from the other end. 
Joan wasn’t an idiot. She instantly recognized who it belonged to—Gabriella. 
“Are you busy now?” Joan probed. 
“U-um, about that. Yeah, I have to go. Bye.” Then he abruptly cut off their call.
Busy doing what? Taking care of Gabriella? And the child in her stomach? 
Joan’s eyes reddened at the thought of this. 
Delilah noticed and scrambled over to her. “Joan, are you okay?” 
“I’m fine, Ms. Young. I think I’ll rest up since I’m not feeling too good. You guys go on with dinner.” 
Seeing the grim expression on Joan’s face as she dragged herself to the room, Delilah couldn’t help but sigh. What a shame. 
Some people are just destined to live difficult lives, like how it’s not always smooth sailing for certain relationships. Perhaps this obstacle will reveal the value of their relationship. It all depends on how they resolve it. 
Ms. Young paced back to the dining table and scooped some food into Lucius’ plate. 
“Grandma, what’s wrong with Mom?” The boy’s face scrunched worryingly as he looked at Delilah. 
“She is just a little tired, so you let her rest up and don’t disturb her after dinner, okay?” She gently tapped on the child’s forehead. 
“Okay!” the innocent boy agreed with a wide smile. 
Meanwhile, Larry stared daggers at the woman before him. “Gabriella!” 
Time and time again, she kept showing up at his office with her pregnant belly on show. It wouldn’t come as a surprise if anyone felt suspicious after seeing this recurring sight. 
“Oh, come on, Lars. I didn’t even do anything wrong…” She pouted at him.
“You showing up in front of me is the biggest mistake!” Larry roared mercilessly as he pointed at her. 
Gabriella’s eyes grew cold at this.
###Chapter 1966
Chapter 1966 
So Joan is more than welcome at his office, but not me? What a jerk! 
Gabriella’s fists coiled taut and her gaze became piercingly cold. 
Well, damn it all! I want every single employee at Norton Corporation to know that I’m pregnant with Larry’s child! 
“I get insecure at times, Lars. You know I wasn’t always this way. It’s just that I keep getting worried about the child ever since I got pregnant…” Gabriella trailed off. 
Larry sneered next to her. 
She brought it upon herself! It’s only natural that she gets punished for all the heinous things she did. 
“Lars… our child is kicking me. Ugh, it hurts…” 
Larry finally went home late at night after sending Gabriella to the hospital and dealing with her tussle. He opened his and Joan’s bedroom door, then tip-toed in. 
He gently closed the door whilst mentally shushing himself for fear of waking Joan, who was sound asleep. 
“You’re back,” she stated in a growl-like voice. 
“Yeah.” The tips of his ears burned a bright red from embarrassment. 
I wonder if she misunderstood. He never expected Gabriella to butt in on their call earlier. 
“Did your overtime shift go on until this late?” Joan asked. Her voice was eerily bland and emotionless.
She really wanted him to tell her the truth, but it didn’t seem like he was going to because he kept dodging the topic. 
“Yeah. It’s really late now. Why haven’t you gone to bed?” 
“I couldn’t sleep.” 
She had called Norton Corporation earlier. The receptionist informed her that Larry had left the office long ago. 
“What’s wrong? Are you feeling poorly?” He took her into his embrace and tenderly kissed her forehead. 
But for some reason, Joan felt numbed by his actions. 
She couldn’t feel the warmth of his hug. Despite laying against his chest and being circled by his arms, she felt like there was a huge gap between them—like she could no longer reach out to her husband anymore. 
“I’m fine, maybe I slept too much in the day.” 
She gazed at the night sky outside her window. Despite being held in Larry’s arms, she couldn’t help but feel weighed down by a mixture of loneliness, helplessness, and disappointment. 
“Any news about Gabriella recently?” Joan suddenly asked. Her dulled eyes bore into him. 
Larry stiffened. It took a while before he could react as guilt flitted across his eyes. 
“I’m not sure. It’s been a long time since we’ve been in contact,” he lied in a whisper. 
Upon hearing this, Joan snorted inwardly. You were obviously together earlier. Yet, you dare to deny it? Why is he hiding it from me if nothing really happened between them?
Should I just let him go? 
Joan’s chest tightened with sorrow as she held her tears back. 
The two of them remained in their absent-minded hug as they waited for night to pass. Joan gazed at the crescent moon that lingered alone in the night sky. It seemed like she was brooding over whether she should let go of her marriage. Meanwhile, Larry shut his eyes as if he wanted to escape from reality. They stayed this way until the crack of dawn. 
The following day’s morning sun crept into their room. However, Joan didn’t feel the least bit of warmth. 
“I’m off to work,” Larry announced. He then picked up his briefcase and left. 
Sadness flickered in her eyes as she watched him leave. 
“What’s wrong, Joan?” Delilah hurriedly asked when she noticed how upset Joan looked. 
The latter took a glance, then shook her head without saying anything. 
Love is perhaps the one thing that puts people through hell; people face dilemmas and torture themselves with worry and frustration for love. Even the most perfect-looking marriage may, in reality, be torn and battered at the seams with hidden problems. 
Delilah’s heart sank as she left for the garden with a sigh 
She had witnessed Joan and Larry’s relationship blossomed, so it was natural that she wanted them to grow old together. Yet, now it seemed like trouble was brewing in paradise. 
“Mom, what’s wrong? You don’t seem happy these days…” Lucius ran up to hug Joan on the knees. He looked up at her with round eyes full of concern.
“Maybe I’ve just been feeling a little tired… Come on now, let’s get you to school before you end up being late.” Joan stroked the boy’s hair.
###Chapter 1967
Chapter 1967 
Joan didn’t return home, nor did she go to the garden after dropping her boy at school. She wanted to be alone to collect her thoughts on whether she should end her marriage. 
It seems extremely unlikely for our marriage to continue like before. 
Disappointment crept into her bleak eyes. 
“Oh my goodness, Joan! When did you get back?” 
“Yeah, it’s been so long! We’ve missed you!” Suddenly, a group of women swarmed towards her. 
It turned out to be her colleagues from the supermarket. 
“Why aren’t you guys at work? Are you slacking off again?” Joan recomposed herself and put a smile to joke with them. 
“What do you mean, slacking off? We’re going to visit Freya today. Do you want to come along?” 
That’s right! Isn’t she still hospitalized? 
“Count me in,” Joan responded eagerly. 
It really had been a while since they last met, so they chatted and giggled as they made their way to the hospital. 
“Oh, right, how are you and Mr. Norton? You’re literally so lucky for nabbing a rich hunk like him!” 
“Yeah, he never once gave up on finding you even though you went messing for that long…” 
Embarrassment was evident on Joan’s face as she gave them a thin-lipped smile.
We might break up soon. 
“That’s enough.” Joan chuckled to brush off the topic. “Come on, how is my love life related to us visiting Freya? If you guys ask another question about my life again, I’m gonna apply to go back to work and annoy all of you every single day!” 
“That would be great! You have no idea how much we miss your presence!” 
They all guffawed at the idea of that. 
A metallic tang of antiseptic filled the hospital’s air whilst the corridors were overly crowded with patients. Doctors and nurses were constantly buzzing in and out of wards, as well as operating rooms. With the seasons changing, more people were feeling under the weather. 
“How is she doing, doctor? Is she getting better?” Joan asked worriedly as she looked at Freya. 
The doctor stayed silent. He sighed and shook his head before leaving. 
It was clear that there was zero chance of her opening her eyes, let alone ever speaking again. 
Fate could be cruel. One second, a person could be on top of the world, and the next, they would get knocked off to the very bottom. Although Freya got on everyone’s nerves, she wasn’t that hateful enough for someone to put her in a coma. 
“I can’t believe this… I wonder who Freya pissed off to end up like this.” 
“Yeah. She had a whole future ahead of her, but now she’s stuck in this vegetative state.” 
The women’s moods spiraled into despair as they collectively mourned in the ward. 
I have to find out who’s behind this.
Joan clenched her fists whilst casting a determined look at Freya. 
I have to make sure justice is served, for Freya’s sake! 
It must be Gabriella’s doing. That malicious witch! How could she harbor so much hatred in her to lay hands on an innocent life? 
“Joan, let’s go now.” One of her colleagues gently nudged her. 
“What? We’re leaving so soon?” Joan asked. 
“Her mom will be here in a bit, so we should give them some space. It’s never easy for her mom to see us crying all the time. That’s why we’ve been sneaking over instead.” 
That’s understandable. All parents love their children. 
Given Freya’s current state, her parents must be at a loss for how to feel. I bet they don’t even know the truth about what happened to their daughter. 
“Come on.” The colleague held onto Joan’s arm and gently led her out of the ward. 
“Oh, my!” a familiar voice suddenly called out. 
It sent a chill down Joan’s back. What is she doing here? 
She slowly turned around, dreading to see who was behind her. 
“Well, if it isn’t Joan. What are you doing at the hospital?” Gabriella approached her with a face full of disdain.
Oh, pitiful little Joan. I bet you didn’t expect Larry to spend the whole night taking care of me here before going home to you. 
Gabriella clenched her fists tightly at the sight of her arch enemy. 
“Joan, who’s this pompous person?”
###Chapter 1968
Chapter 1968 
“Do you need us to step in?” Another colleague rolled up her sleeves. 
Although the village women were not highly cultured or educated, they knew the basic rules of etiquette and would never initiate trouble. Folks here lived simple lives and were kind to one another in a united manner. 
Some believed that men valued honor and loyalty, but this was not the case with the village women, who were nobler than city men. 
“Why I’m here is none of your business,” Joan spat. Then she turned to leave with her colleagues. 
“Oh, you’re running away like some rat? Haven’t you figured out where Larry was yesterday? Well, I’ll spare you the trouble. He was here taking care of me all night,” Gabriella snarled. Her words reeked of sarcasm. 
At this, something chipped inside Joan as sadness washed over her. 
That was obvious enough, but why did you have to announce it to the world? 
She shot a fiery glare at Gabriella. She retorted through bare teeth, “There’s no need to sabotage mine and his relationship. He already told me everything that happened last night, so you don’t have to remind me again.” 
That’s my best friend, huh? The best friend that stole my husband and somehow blamed me for stealing him from her in the first place. How ridiculous. 
Well, she got what she wanted now. They’re officially together, and with a child, too.
The worst possible ending is if I remove myself from this equation to allow them to be together. That doesn’t sound too bad. 
Joan mentally reminded herself, Be strong. There’s nothing to be sad about. There are plenty of other fish in the sea, so why stick around Larry? Besides, he already cheated on you! 
“What on earth is going on, Joan? What does Larry have to do with this? Isn’t Larry your boyfriend? What relationship does he have with this b*tch? Don’t worry. We’ve got your back since you’re one of us now. We won’t let anyone get away with hurting you.” Her colleagues patted reassuringly on her shoulder. 
A warm, fuzzy feeling swelled in Joan’s chest at this. 
Having friends like them was her greatest blessing in life. 
Meanwhile, Gabriella snickered at Joan and the village women. 
“Oh, Joan. You’ve fallen so far from grace to hang out with a bunch of villagers. You guys really are an embarrassingly sore sight to watch!” 
Both her arrogant gaze and harsh words offended the women, prompting furious stares from them. 
“What’s wrong with this bunch of villagers? You city folk think you’re so much better than us; well, why don’t you spit out all the foods that we, villagers, grew? You clearly have the word “shrew” written all over you. Before you go around calling us names, why don’t you look in the mirror and see what you look like now? What a shameless b*tch!” One colleague pointed out straightforwardly. 
They couldn’t stand city people who acted all high and mighty whilst looking down on villagers. 
White-hot steam came from Gabriella’s ears as she grew utterly livid. However, the group of women didn’t seem the least bothered with her.
It was never their fault to begin with. Hence, there was no reason for them to be frightened of her. 
“Forget about her. Let’s go,” Joan growled in a low voice. 
She knew Gabriella wouldn’t let them go easily after they insulted her so badly. She would eventually try to get even if they stayed any longer. 
“Where do you think you’re going?” Gabriella shouted in disbelief. 
What a ridiculous woman. A colleague snorted inwardly. Does she think that we have to report our every action to her? 
“I’m wondering if you’re deranged. Why does it matter to you where we’re going? We’ll be on our way, so you should mind your own business.” The colleague spun on her heels and led Joan away. 
“You can’t leave!” Gabriella called out at once. 
She lunged towards the colleague who had rudely dismissed her and gripped tightly onto the latter’s arm. 
“Let go of me! What do you want?” the colleague protested.
###Chapter 1969
Chapter 1969 
Ugh! I must be the world’s unluckiest person to encounter this psycho b***h today. 
“Absolutely not. You can’t leave!” Gabriella shrilled. 
I haven’t even settled the score yet, and she wants to get away clean? Over my dead body. 
“Miss, have you no shame? A pregnant lady like yourself shouldn’t behave this way. Otherwise, you’ll bring humiliation upon your poor husband. Or… do you not have a husband at all?” the colleague deliberately taunted. 
Anger broiled in Gabriella, whose palm landed on the woman’s cheek in a slap. 
How dare she slap me! 
“I got this,” Joan interjected. She threw herself between them to prevent a vicious catfight from happening. 
“Gabriella, whatever problems we have should be settled between us two. Don’t drag my colleagues into this. And you should watch your temper. Else, it might affect the child in your belly.” Joan stood before her colleagues, defending them. 
The women knew Joan had her reasons for that, so they withdrew from the conversation altogether. 
Gabriella looked down at her bulging tummy, then back up at Joan. A viscously satisfied smile curved on her lips. 
So you want to play it that way, huh? Okay then, I’ll indulge in your little game. 
“Argh!” Gabriella suddenly screamed in agony.
She clutched onto her tummy as she collapsed down to the floor. 
At this, Joan stood dumbstruck. 
“What’s your damage? How could fake being in pain?” The colleagues stepped forward with outraged expressions. 
“Joan, why are you still being so merciful towards her? She’s clearly taking it too far!” they yelled in frustration. 
“Ouch, my tummy hurts! Someone please help me! She’s trying to kill me!” Gabriella clung tightly onto Joan’s leg and yelled. 
In mere seconds, a crowd gathered around them. 
“Help me… this woman is trying to make me miscarry because she’s jealous that I’m pregnant. And she keeps clinging onto my husband…” Gabriella skillfully broke out in tears. 
“That’s awful! How could she attack a pregnant woman?” 
“Mistresses nowadays are getting far more brazen.” 
Whispers erupted from the bystanders, whose faces darkened with disdain. 
“Don’t believe her!” Joan’s colleagues jumped in and tried to explain, “She’s the mistress. Joan, here, is the actual wife!” 
“Help me! Please!” Gabriella deliberately made her voice louder to convince that she really was in pain. 
Meanwhile, Caspian reported the fight to a wide-eyed Larry. “What did you say? Joan and Gabriella are fighting in the hospital?”
“Yeah. Everyone is blaming Joan and calling her the mistress. She looks really humiliated. And Gabriella won’t stop wailing on the floor…” 
That troublesome Gabriella! Why can’t she behave for once! 
Bam! Larry rammed his fist into the wall. Fresh blood streamed down his fingers from the impact. 
Looks like I’ll have to eliminate this problem. A cruel glint flickered in his eyes. 
Back at the hospital, the nurses’ eyes rounded in awe at an approaching man. 
“Oh my, that guy is really good looking!” 
“Yeah! How could anyone look so perfect?” 
The man approached the crowd, who were still commenting snidely at Joan. 
“That mistress must be quite something to attack the pregnant lady in public.” 
“How could someone so ruthless go unpunished? It’s a miracle that she managed to stay alive till now.” 
“That’s enough!” 
The familiar voice of the man boomed closer to Joan. 
Sharp gasps suddenly sounded from every person there. 
Many sets of eyes sparkled in admiration for the man. 
Dustin! What’s he doing here? Gabriella immediately stopped crying and gawked as Dustin came closer.
“Joan.” He gazed worryingly at her. 
“Gabriella, if you’re not afraid of the bigger consequences that might follow, then by all means, keep doing what you’re doing!” Dustin challenged coldly. 
After hesitating for some time, Gabriella stood up whilst frowning with disappointment. Jerk! Why did you have to show up now and ruin the scene I set up! 
Regardless, Gabriella knew she had to leave. She squeaked out an excuse before scurrying off. “I’m going to get my medicines.”
###Chapter 1970
Chapter 1970 
“Are you okay?” Dustin asked in a worried tone. 
Joan kept silent and only shook her head. Tears of sorrow blurred her vision. 
“Joan, who is this? Aren’t you going to introduce us?” her colleagues chimed in eagerly. 
Dustin knew she wasn’t in the mood to indulge in such pleasantries, so he took the initiative and introduced himself instead. 
After that, he patted lightly on her shoulder. “Come on. I’ll give you a ride home.” 
“Yes, please do!” Joan’s colleagues exclaimed in approval. 
“Larry may be handsome and rich, but he’s too much of a playboy to be with Joan. I think this man is much better suited for her,” one of them whispered. 
“I agree. Did you see how he literally swooped in to rescue her from humiliation earlier? There wasn’t a trace of hesitation.” 
The women approved unanimously that Dustin was far more reliable than Larry. 
Whilst driving, Dustin stole a glance at Joan. He parted his lips, but immediately shut them. An awkward expression then showed on his face. 
Joan’s bleak eyes looked outside the car window, but she could sense his conflicted motions. Without looking at him, she spoke straightforwardly, “Spit it out.” 
“I actually knew about Larry and Gabriella… It’s my fault for not telling you in advance.” He truly felt crushed by the weight of remorse.
“It’s fine,” Joan uttered. Her voice was devoid of emotion. 
I already had a hunch about the truth, so none of today’s events affected me much. 
Larry may have heard about the commotion earlier. I wonder how he’s planning to resolve it. 
Back at the hospital, Caspian’s shoulders slumped with despair. “We’re too late.” 
“Where are they? Where did they go?” Larry’s gravelly voice thundered. 
He then yanked over a nurse and demanded, “Where’s the person who caused a ruckus earlier?” 
The nurse was so startled by his forceful pull that it took a while before she could react. 
“T-They’ve left.” Her voice trembled at the dangerous aura that emitted from Larry. 
Larry disregarded this and immediately followed up with another question. “Was anyone hurt?” 
The nurse tilted her head and recalled that no one seemed to be hurt. 
“I don’t think so. We were really busy at the time, so I wasn’t paying much attention.” 
He released her and marched straight for the security control room. 
“Sir, you’re not authorized to access our security footage!” the surveillance operator declared firmly. 
Within seconds, Larry shoved him onto the wall and headed towards the surveillance monitors. 
“Please, sir, you can’t do this…” 
“You should ask the hospital director who he is,” Caspian stated. He then yanked the guard by the collar and led him out.
Who on earth is that guy? How can he go through the hospital’s security footage as he pleases? The surveillance operator scratched the back of his head curiously. 
Before he knew it, a young doctor approached him and patted his shoulders. “I suggest you let it go because he’s not someone you want to mess with. If I’m not mistaken, that man is one of our hospital’s wealthiest donors.” 
In a flash, the surveillance operator’s face paled. 
Oh, no. Did I accidentally offend that big shot? 
“Larry, have a look! There’s Joan.” Caspian urged at the surveillance monitor with a rush of distress. 
Larry’s chest tightened with anger as the monitor showed Joan leaving the hospital with Dustin. 
This scumbag again! Why is he everywhere? 
Larry balled his fists and glared piercingly at Dustin’s image. 
“I’ve located Dustin’s car. He’s on his way to the village now,” Caspian reported. 
He’s sending her home. 
A sigh of relief slipped out of Larry’s clenched jaws. 
Then Caspian’s voice sounded again, “As for Gabriella… I think she’s still in this hospital.” 
Damn her! She’s got some nerve staying here. 
Larry stormed out of the surveillance room to find that wretched woman.
“Lars, you’re finally here! I almost thought you didn’t want me anymore… You have no idea how frightened I was, being surrounded by all those people…” Gabriella tried her best to sound miserable. She even pouted and flashed a set of puppy eyes to garner hiss sympathy.
###Chapter 1971
Chapter 1971 
Her pitiful act was for nothing, because Larry knew her well enough to see through her facade. 
“I met Joan earlier today, and she kept targeting me… She even tried to hit me! Look what she did to my arm, Lars! It’s all bruised…” Big, fat tears rolled down Gabriella’s cheeks. 
“Quit acting, Gabriella. I’m well aware of Joan’s character, as well as yours. I’ve tolerated you long enough. This ends today! I don’t care whether you choose to abort the baby or give birth to it. However, I will compensate you with a large sum so you can take the money and disappear from my sight forever!” Larry unleashed all his pent-up anger and frustration. 
He never wanted to see this woman again. Even if the child was really his, he knew he couldn’t stand sharing a life with Gabriella. He could never tolerate having such a heartless and unscrupulous woman by his side. The thought of it brought a bitter taste to his mouth. 
“N-No. I will never abort our child, Lars!” Gabriella howled furiously. 
Larry glared at the woman before him in disgust. 
The biggest mistake he ever made was going to that bar when Joan was away. 
Larry threw one last glare at Gabriella, who sat on the sofa before leaving her. He decided then and there to come clean to his wife. He didn’t care if she refused to forgive him; all he knew was he had to tell Joan the truth. 
“Lars!” Gabriella called out desperately from behind him. 
However, he didn’t even spare so much as a glance at her.
“Larry, what do we do now?” Caspian queried in a low voice. 
He was worried about Larry and Joan. 
Their love was something that he acknowledged greatly; those two had been through hell and back. However, what happened with Gabriella wasn’t any ordinary issue that happened between couples. Hence, they couldn’t turn a blind eye to her. 
“I’m home.” Larry sounded fatigued as he dragged himself through the door. 
But Joan didn’t respond at all. She sat in the living room and focused on watching a show with Lucius. 
“Dad, you’re home!” The boy pounced into his arms. 
“There’s my little man!” Larry stroked his head whilst quickly glancing in the sofa’s direction. 
Joan turned to face the other way and left for the kitchen where Delilah was. There, she offered, “Let me help, Ms. Young.” 
“You two should talk things out. Sometimes all it takes is patience and communication to solve the problem.” Delilah comforted softly whilst slicing the tomatoes. 
Joan hesitated for the briefest second before resuming with her neutral expression. 
“Things have already happened. There’s nothing more to say,” she stated coldly. 
Silly girl… there must be something more to it. Why on earth would Larry do something so dumb? 
Then again, I suppose that’s just how stubborn we women are. We refuse to hear others out after assuming they’re bad people.
“I still think you should talk to him,” Delilah mumbled. 
Meanwhile, Larry stared at the television screen whilst Lucius sat in his lap. However, his mind flooded with images of Joan’s face. 
She must really be mad at me. 
Disappointment crept into his darkened face. 
“Dad, what’s wrong? Why do you look so upset?” Lucius whispered as he looked up at Larry with a pair of narrowed, inquisitive eyes. 
“Mom was like this too. Did you guys fight? Because if you did, then you should give in to Mom. As men, we must be responsible and compassionate.” Lucius motioned a ‘V’ sign at Larry whilst grinning. 
When did this boy become so mature? He even knows how to navigate adult problems. 
“Now, why would we fight? Your mom and I are as fine as ever, don’t worry.” Larry ruffled the boy’s head reassuringly. 
Dinner was soon ready, but Joan didn’t have an appetite. Regardless, she still forced herself to join them in the dining room since she didn’t want Lucius to feel like something was wrong.
###Chapter 1972
Chapter 1972 
“Come now. Your mom made these baked ribs herself, so make sure to have plenty, okay?” Delilah cooed at Lucius. 
“Okay! Thanks, Mom and Grandma, for the food!” Lucius said in a salute-like voice. 
Without a word, Joan flashed an awkward smile at Larry. 
“Uh…” Lucius suddenly made a distressed sound. 
“What’s wrong, Lucius?” Joan immediately rushed before the boy. 
“Mom, your baked ribs…” Lucius faltered. 
“Hmm…?” Joan’s eyes shot suspiciously at the dish she made. 
Is something wrong with it? 
She immediately picked a chunk of the meat and placed it in her mouth. 
Arrgh! She spat out the entire chewed-up chunk of meat. Her face warmed with embarrassment as she apologized profusely, “I’m so sorry. I mistook the salt for sugar. It’s way too salty to eat. I’ll get rid of it now.” 
Joan paced off without hesitation, ready to dispose of the dish. 
“Hang on.” Larry ran and blocked her with his arms. He blurted out, “Let’s not waste it. I like salty foods, and salty ribs sound great to me.” 
Seeing this, a pleased grin spread across Delilah’s face.
Good on Larry for being so quick-witted! 
“N-No, quit playing around. This is literally inedible. I’ll make it again for you tomorrow if you really like it that much,” Joan muttered nervously. 
However, Larry refused to let her go. 
“It will be fine. Lucius, your teacher taught you not to waste precious food, right?” Larry eyed the boy. 
To his delight, Lucius responded accordingly, “Mm-hmm! Dad’s right, we shouldn’t waste precious food.” 
Attaboy! 
Larry raised a thumbs up at Lucius. 
In the end, Joan placed the baked ribs back onto the dining table. The rest of the meal went on in silence. They would only play along by cracking a laugh or two whenever Lucius made a joke. 
Then, everyone finished up some house chores before returning to their respective rooms for the night. Joan lay on her bed, staring wide-eyed out the window in deep thought. 
She wasn’t sure how to ask Larry for a divorce. At the same time, she didn’t understand why he still hadn’t told her the truth about Gabriella. 
But some things have to be dealt with, eventually. 
How long is planning to hide it from me! 
A trace of melancholy blurred her eyes. 
“Larry!”
“Joan!” 
The two called out each other’s names simultaneously. 
“You go first.” 
“You go first.” 
They said the same thing at the same time again. 
“It’s alright. You can go first,” Joan suggested softly. 
If he comes clean about Gabriella, then at least I married the right man who faces his problems head- on. 
“I heard about what happened at the hospital today, and there’s something I need to tell you.” Anxiety and helplessness showed on his scrunched-up, frowning face. 
“Back when you suddenly went missing, I found out that you and Dustin actually went overseas. That made me bitter inside. So I kept going to the bar, and one day, Gabriella appeared. She smelled of your usual perfume scent… I thought you had returned to me…” Larry’s explanation trailed off as he felt guiltier by the second. 
So it really did happen in a bar! 
And Gabriella didn’t lie! 
It was as if something snapped in Joan. Her eyes blurred with even more sorrow than before. 
“So what now? Is the child in Gabriella’s tummy yours?” Joan’s words struck onto him like a whip.
“I don’t know. I remember nothing from that night. The next day, I…” Larry’s voice grew quieter. 
He didn’t want to say any more. 
It was painfully obvious what had happened between him and Gabriella. 
“That’s enough.” Joan turned so that her back was facing him. 
“Joan, I know I messed up. You can punish me however you see fit.” Larry inched closer and wrapped his arms tightly around her. 
What’s the use of punishing him? Joan mentally scowled. Will punishing him remove the baby in Gabriella’s tummy? Will it undo everything that he did with Gabriella that night?
###Chapter 1973
Chapter 1973 
“Let’s get a divorce,” said Joan in a low voice as she held back her emotions. 
She could not bear to see an unborn child being abandoned by its own father. Furthermore, she did not want to see Gabriella’s face haunting her every day. She knew that whatever had been done was done, and there was no going back. 
“Joan,” Larry said pleadingly as he held her hand tightly, his eyes full of pain and affection. 
However, at that moment, Joan did not feel even a hint of warmth. Perhaps relationships were simply that fragile sometimes. Once one party crossed the bottom line, there was no way to salvage the relationship anymore. 
“Larry, I don’t blame you. Really. I hope that you’ll be responsible for Gabriella’s child now, just as you took responsibility for us before.” Joan’s gaze carried a hint of reluctance and helplessness. 
At once, the room fell silent and the air stilled. 
We can’t even verify if the child is mine yet. How am I supposed to take responsibility? 
“We haven’t got to the bottom of things yet, so don’t jump to conclusions, okay?” 
Joan sneered. 
It’s such an obvious, earth-shattering piece of news. Is it still not clear enough for you? The child in Gabriella’s belly was the biggest proof! 
“I’m tired. Let’s go to sleep,” said Joan, ending the conversation there. Then, she lay down and closed her eyes.
The next morning, sunlight shone into the room, warming up the place. Joan rolled over on the bed but noticed that the person next to her was gone. Did he go to work? Or did he go to see Gabriella? Immediately, Joan’s eyes dimmed with disappointment. 
“Joan, the manager came by this morning and asked you to go back to work at the supermarket. He wants you to take over the supervisor position. What do you think?” Delilah said suddenly. 
Joan was taken aback by that. She had already been thinking about going back to the supermarket to find some work but did not expect that she would get promoted. 
However, once she thought of Freya, a cold look flickered across her gaze. No matter how fragile Gabriella currently was, she could not make up for her previous mistakes. 
Knock, knock, knock! Gabriella, who was in the living room, frowned slightly when she heard the forceful, urgent knocks on her door. It doesn’t seem to be Larry’s style but is also not as violent as something Caspian would do. Who is it then? 
The knocking continued relentlessly as she slowly made her way toward the door. 
The moment she opened it, she was stunned. 
“You… Why are you here?” 
“I’m here to see you and our baby,” said the man as he gently pulled Gabriella into his arms. 
Her anxiety and panic were clearly reflected in her eyes, which was exactly the outcome that the man wanted. 
Human nature was interesting at times. It could allow two people who only met once to have feelings for each other, causing unexpected things to happen between them. Gabriella had only used that
man’s body to get pregnant on the spur of the moment and had not expected that her wishes would really come true. 
“Baby, don’t you miss me? I missed you so much,” the man said as he pulled her into a tight hug. 
As if. I can’t wait to run away from you. Why would I even think about you every day? This b*stard’s really disgusting. That day, I’d clearly said that he should take the money and leave. But now, he’s here at my door. 
“Well, you’ve seen me. You can go now,” she replied coldly. 
At that instant, his gaze became gloomy. 
This b*tch really only sees me as a tool. She’s throwing me away once she’s done using me, without even a word of thanks. You’d better not push my buttons, Gabriella. If I get angry, there’ll be heavy consequences! 
The man clenched his fists tightly, his gaze bitingly cold. 
They say that once a man gets involved with a woman, she would become a drug that was difficult for him to quit. Indeed, that man not only desired Gabriella’s beauty but also her overseas inheritance. 
“Don’t come looking for me again next time. I’m very busy.” She then flicked his arm away and walked toward the sofa. 
Evidently, she was a stubborn woman that could never forget Larry. However, it was a pity that he only had eyes for Joan.
###Chapter 1974
Chapter 1974 
“Gabriella, am I not good enough for you? If something about me makes you unsatisfied, I’m willing to change,” he whispered into her ear. 
Instantly, Gabriella’s body heated up. 
This idiot keeps using this trick! She shook her head in an attempt to clear her thoughts and make herself more awake. 
“You’re not the person I want. It’s as simple as that. Just go abroad. I’ll pay for it.” Gabriella then took a sip of coffee. 
Wow, is she trying to drive me away? She has to be the cruelest woman in the world. 
“I’ll miss you. Why would you say that to me?” said the man coquettishly. 
However, Gabriella hated men who acted coquettishly the most. Naturally, she felt disgusted by his actions. 
“Get lost. Don’t make me regret whatever I did with you,” she shouted, her gaze fierce. 
Immediately, the man froze before he quickly composed himself again. 
“What’s wrong, Gabriella? I’m here because I miss you…” 
She sneered, for she knew what he was trying to do. 
All men were bad and greedy. Just some time ago, she had witnessed him behaving intimately with other women, but right then, he was saying that he missed her. Does he really think I’m a three-year- old that only needs some coaxing?
“You should go. I don’t want to shout at you. You should clearly know what you did. I don’t think you need me to list them out one by one.” She glared at him fiercely. 
Suddenly, the man let go of her as a trace of anxiety flickered across his eyes. 
Did she know about it? But so what? She’s just a b*tch who lies in bed like a starfish. If not for her wealth, who would come looking for her? She’s really overestimating herself. 
“What do you mean? No matter what I do, I only have you…” 
Damn it! Why doesn’t he leave? What exactly does he want? Gabriella clenched her fist, resisting a strong urge to strike across his face. 
Only after a long time did the man finally leave. Before he left, Gabriella gave him a card. 
“Pretty boy, you’re making yourself seem really great and loyal, but you’re not.” 
Bam! Gabriella then slammed the door in his face. 
My luck’s really like shit. I can’t believe I met such trash. 
Meanwhile, Larry was in his office with his head lowered and his eyes focused on a file. However, his mind was instead full of thoughts about Joan. 
Was she serious about what she said yesterday? Is divorce really the only option? As he pondered, he turned to look out the window, with a trace of sadness in his eyes. 
He had originally thought that they would be together forever. However, right then, it seemed unlikely. 
Ring, ring, ring…
Larry glanced at his phone screen, then immediately picked up the call. 
“What’s the matter?” he asked, his voice a little tired and languished. 
Caspian hesitated for a while, then replied in a low voice, “Larry, something feels wrong.” 
What’s Caspian up to again? 
“What’s wrong?” he asked as he flipped through the document. 
“While I was following Gabriella today, I noticed a strange man going to her house. She looked very flustered when she opened the door, and he was there for a very long time before he left…” explained Caspian. 
Instantly, Larry’s eyes lit up. 
Gabriella was not someone who would just allow any strange man into her home. Therefore, there seemed to be a hidden secret behind it. 
“Go investigate that man and what his relationship is with her. Maybe we’ll find some useful evidence,” said Larry coldly. 
Then, after they made some more plans, they hung up. 
If they didn’t have some special relationship, there’s no reason for her to have such an unusual expression. Gabriella, you’d better not let me find out anything. Otherwise, I can’t guarantee that I won’t do anything to you!
###Chapter 1975
Chapter 1975 
A cold look flashed across Larry’s eyes as he continued to contemplate the situation. 
“Hey, Joan, why are you back again?” 
“Yeah, did you miss us?” 
“Look at you. You became the supervisor as soon as you come back…” 
Several women had gathered around Joan when she arrived at the supermarket, chatting happily about Joan’s return. 
Although they were all women, compared to those in the city, women in the village were more enthusiastic and warmer, and there was no scheming and deception amongst themselves. 
Perhaps it was because people in the village rarely went to the city. Thus, they did not know of such schemes and traps and only occasionally joked around with one another. 
“Yeah, I’ve missed all of you,” replied Joan. 
The manager broke into a satisfied smile as he watched the scene in front of him. In the past, he had already wanted to promote Joan since most store employees really supported and liked her. However, she had rejected him. Therefore, right then, things were going great. He was able to promote her, and work would be able to start normally again for everyone. 
“Hey, remember the man from that day? Do you have his contact information?” asked a woman in a low voice as she looked at Joan anticipatingly. 
Judging by the shyness in her expression, Joan realized that she must have fallen for Dustin.
“Come on, what are you doing? Why are you getting his contact number? He’s Joan’s friend,” said another older woman as she patted her shoulder lightly. 
Instantly, the woman who had asked for Dustin’s contact dulled, her face full of disappointment. 
“But Joan already has Larry,” she replied, pouting. 
Right away, sadness flashed across Joan’s eyes. 
Soon, he won’t belong to me anymore. I wonder what’s his decision about the divorce? 
“You brat, come over here and start working!” the older woman said, walking over to grab the pouting lady. 
“Don’t overthink it, okay? She doesn’t have any bad intentions,” said another woman in a low voice. 
Joan knew that none of them really had any malicious intent. She was the one who had overthought it. 
Moreover, she also clearly knew that even if she divorced Larry, she would not choose to be with Dustin. He was only suited to be a friend, not a lover. For this reason, she had constantly refused his past confessions and was not about to accept it then. 
“Do you know what happened the day Ms. Brooks had an accident?” asked Joan seriously as she stared at the woman in front of her. 
She would not let Freya suffer in vain, having to lie in bed in a vegetative state while the culprit got away scot-free. 
The older woman shook her head and sighed. “It was actually quite tragic. The manager didn’t even need her to go on a business trip, but she requested it by herself. We’d all thought that she was dealing
with something upsetting and wanted to take a breather, so we didn’t stop her either. Who would’ve known that she’d meet with an accident…” 
Hearing the woman’s words, Joan’s eyes dulled instantly. 
When it came to something like fate, unexpected things could happen since no one was able to predict the future. Some people could be rich one day but end up a beggar the next. Others could be beautiful but disfigured by the next day. 
Maybe, as humans, we needed to have such experiences. 
“Joan!” Suddenly, a familiar male voice rang out. 
At the same time, everyone around her sighed in amazement. 
“Wow! He’s so handsome. Where’s he from?” 
“You only know it now? I’d already seen him when I went to the hospital that day…” 
As the women spoke among themselves, Dustin slowly walked over to Joan with a slight smile on his face. 
“Why are you here?” she asked softly. 
She could not figure out why he had arrived at the supermarket at that time. 
“I heard you were back at work,” he replied casually as he looked around. 
How did he know about it? Was someone in the supermarket on his side? Feeling curious, Joan looked suspiciously at the man in front of her.
“How’s it going? How’s your first day of being a supervisor? Tiring?” Dustin lightly patted her on the shoulder.
###Chapter 1976
Chapter 1976 
He even knows about the promotion? What exactly is with this guy? 
Just then, the several women standing around them covered their mouths as they giggled, their gazes filled with interest. 
“Are you here for something?” 
Dustin was stunned for a moment before he composed himself again. 
“Nothing. I just came to see you,” he replied, shrugging. 
“Hi there, handsome. Can you give me your contact number?” 
“Yeah, me too…” 
Suddenly, the women rushed toward Dustin, asking for his contact number with both shyness and courage. 
“Sure, we’re all friends, aren’t we?” he replied with a smile. 
Since when did they become friends? Joan watched the people as they interacted with Dustin. 
“Okay, thanks, handsome!” 
“Do you want my autograph?” Suddenly, Dustin turned around to look at Joan with a playful smirk on his face. 
He’s really quite bewitching. He’s handsome and has a good personality…
“No thanks, I have to get to work. You should go if you have no business here,” she replied bluntly, not wanting the others to misunderstand. At least at that moment, her husband was Larry, not Dustin. 
“I just arrived, but you’re already trying to drive me away. You’re so cruel.” 
“Don’t leave. You can stay here as long as you like, handsome,” a woman hastily replied. 
Joan was stunned. 
We’re at work right now. Are you sure we should be doing this? 
Just then, the manager walked over and said, “Mr. Silverman, I’ll be heading off first. You can take over from here.” 
The women, including Joan, were taken aback by his words. 
Even the manager was speaking to him so politely? 
“What exactly is happening?” she asked, nudging Dustin on the arm. 
What else could be going on? The supermarket had to be his! 
Originally, the manager had been extremely reluctant to hand over the supermarket to Dustin. However, Dustin had made use of his own connections during the negotiations with him. Therefore, since he was only a normal villager, he did not want to cause more trouble and could only obediently invite Dustin in. 
“Why don’t you have a guess?” Dustin said with a smile, keeping her in suspense. 
When the others saw that scene, they started to grin and gossip amongst themselves. 
“He’s so charming. He actually took over the entire supermarket for a girl.”
“Of course he did. Who wouldn’t do it for Joan?” 
“He’s handsome, rich, has a good personality, and is even responsible. Oh my god, he’s basically perfect.” 
The women continued to whisper to one another, their eyes full of admiration as they stared at Dustin. 
“Don’t be a fool, Joan. It’s so obvious. Can you not tell?” a woman said as she stepped forward to pat her on the shoulder. 
Of course, Joan could tell. However, she did not want to admit it. 
“Dustin, come outside with me for a while,” she said, pulling him out. 
The crowd then slowly dispersed when they left. 
“What’s wrong?” The man gave her a suspicious look, not knowing why she had dragged him out. 
However, Joan was only filled with anger then. 
“Why did you come here?” she asked coldly as her eyes flickered with anger. 
Upon hearing her tone, his eyes instantly dimmed with sadness. Does she not like me? Larry had just cheated on her, and the pair were on the verge of getting a divorce. All Dustin wanted was to care for her and accompany her when she felt the most helpless. But, she… 
“You don’t want me here, do you?” he asked in a low voice, with a hint of disappointment in his tone. 
Having witnessed a confident man suddenly become so depressed, Joan instantly felt sorry for him. 
Forget it. Let him do whatever he wants then. He’s not hindering me anyway.
“It’s fine. I was too impulsive just now. Don’t mind me. But this is still a supermarket. It’s our workplace. I hope you…” Joan looked as if she had something else to say but held herself back.
###Chapter 1977
Chapter 1977 
Since Joan knew what was on Dustin’s mind, it was all the more reason she could not let him show it in front of others. 
“I know what you’re thinking. Don’t worry,” Dustin said as he lightly patted her on the shoulder. Subsequently, they headed back into the store. 
Soon, the workday had passed, and most of the supermarket employees had gone home. Only Joan and Dustin were left behind, still busy. As it happens, the others had purposely left both of them some alone time. Ever since the incident at the hospital, they had been indifferent toward Larry and were instead anticipating Dustin’s actions. 
“Joan, let me send you home,” he suddenly shouted. 
It was only then that Joan realized it was already time to get off work. 
However, she did not want to go home and face that man. 
“You can go off first. I’ll head home soon,” she hurriedly replied. 
At that moment, she wanted to be alone and have nothing to do and think about. She wanted to stare into the sky, with only the moon to accompany her as she counted the stars. 
“What’s wrong? Are you feeling unwell?” he asked as he walked over to her. 
“No,” she replied coldly. 
In reality, Dustin had known all along that she was in a bad mood. She was either constantly worrying about something or had her thoughts occupied with something else. The issue with Gabriella was
probably a big blow to her, wasn’t it? As he watched her, Dustin felt heartbroken. 
Although the situation with Gabriella was considered a good thing for him, he did not want to see Joan disappointed and upset. 
Sometimes, it was magical to fall in love with someone. When they laughed, so would you. Similarly, when they cried, you would be sad too. Without rhyme or reason, one would be happy about their loved one’s happiness and worry about their sorrows. In the past, Dustin had once thought that as long as he loved Joan, he had to have her for himself and would not ever let her go. Only now then did he realize how stupid he was when he was young. 
Over time, he had come to understand that as long as he could see her smile, it was the greatest source of happiness and satisfaction for him. However, at that very moment, her face no longer held a smile. 
It’s all because of Larry! 
He clenched his fist tightly, and there was a fierce look in his eyes. 
If it weren’t for that man, Joan wouldn’t be this disheartened and wouldn’t have been so upset all day long. 
“Let’s go. It’s getting late. I’ll send you home,” he said. 
“I don’t want to go home,” she suddenly replied. 
What does she want to do then? He looked at her curiously, waiting for her to continue. 
“I want to go for a drink,” she muttered. 
“Sure, I’ll bring you there.” He then pulled her away.
She willingly followed along since she knew that regardless of whether or not she got drunk, the man in front of her would not take advantage of her. 
“Let’s go to a bar,” he said as he gently pushed her into the car. 
With a trace of fatigue in her eyes, Joan quickly took out her phone to make a call. 
“Hi Ms. Young, don’t wait up for me tonight. I’ll be out. Yeah, I have my keys. Right…” 
After they exchanged a few words, Joan then hung up. 
Throughout the car ride, none of them spoke. Dustin kept his focus on the road while Joan looked out the window, enjoying the scenery along the way. 
“Hey, are you going back today?” he suddenly asked. 
A flicker of sadness crossed her face. 
Go back and do what? Look at that man’s face? I’ve looked at him for so many years. It’s about time I let go. There was a cold look in Joan’s eyes. 
“I’ll see how it goes. If we have a good time, I’ll stay out overnight. If not, we’ll go home,” she replied bluntly. 
As Dustin sped toward the bar, several people on the roads were taken back by his speed and cursed at his leaving car, calling him a lunatic. 
The bar was filled with many people when they entered it. Everything looked exceptionally energetic and exciting, from the flashing lights, colorful drinks, music… However, Dustin had found them a table near a corner by the wall. Since he knew that Joan had never liked crowds, he found them the most remote seat away from the main crowd.
“Mister, bring me some alcohol!” Joan suddenly shouted. 
“Coming right up!” 
Soon, their table was filled with bottles and bottles of alcohol in various colors, causing Dustin to be dumbfounded by the variety.
###Chapter 1978
Chapter 1978 
Wow, he even took out all his signature alcohols. How rare. 
“Cheers, Joan. I know you’re in a bad mood. You’ll feel better after this glass,” Dustin said in a low voice. 
Immediately, Joan quickly raised her glass and downed the alcohol. 
“Hey, hey, this is not how you’re supposed to drink,” he scolded, quickly removing the glass from her hands. 
Has she gone crazy? No one drinks like this! 
“Hey, Joan. Wake up!” Dustin shook her hard as he shouted. 
However, Joan was already lying on the table, not moving at all. It was impossible for her not to get drunk so quickly from drinking alcohol as if it were water. 
“Larry, you b*stard. How dare you cheat on me.” Even in her dazed drunkenness, Joan continued to mutter endlessly. 
Sometime later, even when the bar slowly began to clear out, the pair in the corner still remained at their table. Although Dustin wanted to send Joan home, she refused to leave the bar. 
“It’s time to go home,” he said, gently stroking her hair. His gaze was filled with distress and heartbreak as he watched her. 
For a very long time, he had been restraining himself and had to endure everything silently. However, at that moment, he no longer wanted to continue like that. He wanted to be with her forever.
“What on earth do you want, Larry!” Joan suddenly stood up, pointing her finger at the man in front of her as her eyes filled up with anger. 
“Why’d you have to do such a thing with Gabriella? You even got her pregnant? Is it because I’m not good-looking enough?” she said as she staggered forward, grabbing onto his waist. 
Instantly, he felt the heat rise in his body. 
Her mind’s always filled with that man’s face! 
“Look at me. I’m Dustin!” he shouted. 
However, it was as if Joan had not heard anything, for she continued to lament about Larry. 
Although Dustin longed to take her for himself, he knew that once she was sober, she would hate him forever. 
“Hi, sir, do you need a room prepared?” a waiter suddenly asked in a low voice. 
He hesitated, but eventually nodded. 
“Joan, Wake up. Go back to the room and sleep,” he said, shaking her arm. 
“No, I don’t want to go back!” she shouted, continuing to scold him. He felt heartbroken at the sight. 
Eventually, he had to carry her bridal-style. As soon as she was carried, Joan immediately quietened down. Her hands hugged him, and she had a satisfied expression on her face. 
Once they entered the room, he placed her gently on the bed and stroked her face. Dustin’s gaze was filled with endless tenderness and sorrow as he stared at her. Soon, Joan fell into a deep sleep.
Why are you still so obsessed over Larry? Because he’s handsome? Rich? Capable? Or is it because he’s born into a good background? His eyes then flickered with coldness. 
A long while later, Dustin tucked Joan into bed and left the room. He had never done anything that Joan did not like, and he would continue that way. Although he loved her, he would only express his love the correct way. 
Sunlight shone brightly into the room when the next morning came. However, the woman on the bed still had her eyes closed, looking very tired. The rays of sunlight slowly shifted as time passed, eventually shining directly onto her face. Instantly, Joan felt the heat and woke up. 
She stretched, slowly opening her eyes with a content look on her face. 
Then, as she rubbed her eyes, she glanced around at her surroundings. Abruptly, she froze. 
Where am I? What happened yesterday? What time is it? 
Just then, she noticed the clock. It’s already eight! Hurriedly, she threw off the sheets and ran out of the room. 
Ring, ring, ring… 
“I’ve helped you take leave for today. You don’t have to come to work.” Dustin’s voice was clear when it rang out. 
“How did you… know that I’m going to be late?” she asked softly. 
Although the supermarket employees always reported for work at 8:30 a.m., it was already eight when she woke up, so she would definitely be late even if she rushed over. 
“You were so drunk last night. Did you forget?” he said, laughing lightly.
###Chapter 1979
Chapter 1979 
When she heard those words, Joan instantly recalled everything. 
Damn it! Why did I have to go to the bar for no reason? She then hit her own head in frustration. 
“Okay, I can’t talk anymore. I have work to do. Take a break and relax today. I’ll let you have a day off.” Then, when he was done, he hung up. 
Joan understood that Dustin had wanted to let her relax and allow her to vent her worries and sorrows that she held in her heart. 
However, she was really bored. Unconsciously, she had walked over to Gabriella’s house. Yet, staring at the familiar house only caused her to feel more irritated and sadder. 
What exactly was it that caused us to become like this? Men? 
Joan laughed to herself coldly. 
If she had known from the beginning that Gabriella liked Larry, she would never have associated herself with him. 
Some people were able to give up love for friendship. However, others would sacrifice friendship for love. For instance, Gabriella. 
Relationships were the most fragile. A relationship of many years could perhaps end only because of a single word or a look. 
Gabriella, as women, why do we have to make things difficult for each other and set each up other? 
A long time later, she slowly turned around and left.
This is it, then. Larry’s going to give her everything. I hope she doesn’t pester me ever again. I want to live my simple life well and forget all about this. 
Perhaps Joan had gone through too much, for she suddenly felt very tired. All she wanted was to have a good rest and not have to struggle unnecessarily any longer. Spending time together with Delilah and Lucius every day was what made her the happiest. 
“Joan?” She suddenly heard a familiar voice, and looked up. 
The man was standing on a pavement not too far away from her. 
“Why are you here?” Caspian asked as he walked over. He looked at Joan, then at Gabriella’s house. 
“Oh, I’m just taking a walk. Don’t mind me. Go do what you have to do,” she replied, turning to leave. 
“Joan!” Hearing her name, she stopped, waiting for him to continue. 
“Don’t blame Larry about the issue with Gabriella. There’s something strange going on, and we’re still investigating. Don’t worry about it for now,” he said, patting her on the shoulder. 
He knew that she must have been dealt a huge blow recently. Furthermore, she was looking haggard then. 
“It’s fine, Caspian. You don’t have to comfort me. I’ll be going off first then,” she replied, then immediately left. 
Caspian stood in place as he watched Joan leave, then shook his head and sighed. 
Meanwhile, on a balcony somewhere nearby stood a woman. As she watched the scene on the pavement unfold, she smirked coldly to herself, her gaze filled with contempt.
You want to go against me, Joan? You’re too weak! I’d told you long ago that Larry would be mine sooner or later, so why make yourself struggle so much? You still won’t get anything in the end! Gabriella clenched her fists tightly as her gaze turned cold. 
Was Larry not tired of sending people to track me every single day? It’s already been so many days. What exactly have you found? As she continued to ponder, the cold look in her eyes never faded. 
All of you are just messing around with me! She then turned around and walked into the living room to make a call. 
“Hi, Lars. I need to have a pregnancy checkup soon. When are you free? Come with me to the hospital…” Gabriella said coquettishly as she chewed on a cookie. 
What’s she trying to do now? 
Larry’s gaze was full of disgust when he heard her voice. 
“I’m not free. I’m busy with work,” he replied, then immediately hung up. 
What the hell! He’s ignoring me just like that? I’m a pregnant woman! She threw her phone onto the ground as a flicker of coldness crossed her face. 
They say that pregnant women had to regulate themselves and try not to get angry. Otherwise, it might affect the fetus. However, at that moment, Gabriella was lying on the bed and tossing around in anger. 
Maybe I need to have a chat with that witch, Joan. She then tightened her clenched fists. 
Gabriella knew Joan too well. She was soft-hearted, kind, and generous. This time, she’ll probably finally let go! 
Ring ring ring… Looking at the name on her phone screen, Joan immediately hung up.
###Chapter 1980
Chapter 1980 
Since Dustin had let her take time off that day, she did not want certain people to ruin her good mood. 
Damn it, Joan! How dare you not answer my call. I’ll have to keep pestering you then. Gabriella continued to call Joan. 
After several calls, Joan had gotten very annoyed and eventually picked up the phone. 
“What are you trying to do?” she asked coldly. 
There’s definitely nothing good about this. 
“I want to meet you,” replied Gabriella through gritted teeth. 
What for? What do you want to talk about? The fact that you’re pregnant with Larry’s child? 
Joan sneered and replied in a displeased tone, “If there’s anything, tell me about it over the phone. I’m too busy to meet you.” 
Busy? As if. You didn’t even go to work today, so why are you trying to pretend right now? What a hypocrite. I bet you’re afraid of facing me! Gabriella snorted coldly as a sly smirk formed on her face. 
“It’s about the three of us. I think we need to have a proper talk about it.” 
“Okay,” Joan replied. Thereafter, she immediately hung up. 
She was curious to see what Gabriella was up to. 
Perhaps it was time for them to set things straight once and for all.
At the same time, Caspian was on a call with Larry. “What? Joan went to Gabriella’s place?” Larry asked, his eyes cold. 
Did she get hurt? Gabriella’s not an easy opponent to deal with. Once she gets an opportunity, she won’t give it up that easily. 
“Larry, Joan’s fine,” Caspian hurriedly replied. 
“Go find out what they’re doing right now and where they are,” ordered Larry before he hung up the phone. 
At that moment, the two women in question were sitting in a café, at a table in the corner. Their expressions made it clear that they were nemeses. 
“Just say what you want to,” said Joan as she took a sip of coffee. 
What else could this be about? Of course, it’s about me getting a divorce from Larry. 
“Joan, considering that we used to be close friends, can you let Larry and I off this time?” asked Gabriella, pretending to be pitiful. 
Joan was instantly stunned by her words. 
Exactly who’s the one who needed to let go? She’s the one that has been entangling herself in all this and refusing to leave. She stole my husband and even got pregnant. Isn’t that something a mistress would do? Is she not embarrassed to say something this shameless? 
“Resolve the matter between you and Larry by yourselves. I’ve got nothing to do with it.” As soon as she was done speaking, Joan turned around to leave.
However, Gabriella suddenly grabbed tightly onto her hand and threw her forcefully onto the sofa. She gave Joan a cold stare, giving off a threatening aura. 
“Right from the beginning, you were the one who stole Larry from me. It’s only natural that you give him back to me now!” Gabriella shouted as she pointed at Joan. 
Instantly, everyone else around them looked over, their gazes filled with doubt and contempt. 
However, Gabriella did not care about the looks they were receiving. That day, her only goal was to convince Joan to divorce Larry, regardless of whatever method she had to use. 
“What exactly are you afraid of? Larry’s a responsible man and will take responsibility for you. But you’ve constantly been coming to me to make me get a divorce. What exactly are you trying to do?” Joan replied fiercely. 
Naturally, what Gabriella wanted was for Larry to return to her side as soon as possible. 
She tightened her clenched fist as she glared at Joan with a furious look in her eyes. B*tch, you still refuse to get a divorce? 
“I know how Larry is, but you’re still there in his heart!” 
At that very moment, Joan scoffed at her words. 
So what? He still cheated on me! 
They then remained in the café for some time, and even when the sky had darkened, Gabriella still did not let Joan leave. 
Ring ring ring…
Joan quickly answered her phone. 
“Joan? Why aren’t you back yet? They said you didn’t go to work today,” asked Delilah with a hint of worry in her tone. 
“I’m still out now, Ms. Young. Don’t worry. I’ll be back soon,” she hurriedly replied. 
“Um…” Delilah wanted to continue, but hesitated.
###Chapter 1981
Chapter 1981 
“Larry has a fever. Do you want to come home and care for him?” 
Fever? He never learns how to take good care of himself! For a fleeting moment, Joan’s eyes were filled with sadness. 
However, she was in a dilemma when she saw the woman in front of her. 
“We’ll talk again when I’m back. For now, I have something to attend to. Bye.” Joan ended the call. 
Meanwhile, Gabriella’s phone never rang. Perhaps, no one in this world really cares for me. 
How ironic! My family disowned me because of the incident with Larry. After leaving the family for so long, I’ve not made any significant success… Now that I am pregnant, yet the child isn’t even Larry’s! 
“Do you have anything else? I need to go home.” Joan sipped her coffee. 
She was puzzled as to why Gabriella was holding her up for such a long time. No matter what her agenda was, Joan was certain it wasn’t good. 
“Joan, after so long, don’t you ever feel the least bit remorseful?” Gabriella glared at her. 
Joan was dumbfounded. 
What did I do wrong? Why should I be remorseful? If there was anyone who should be apologizing, that’s you! 
“I’m not the one in the wrong. If there’s nothing else, I’ll take my leave first.” Just as she spoke, Joan stood up to leave.
“Joan, if you dare leave without my permission, you will regret it,” Gabriella asserted coldly before taking a sip of coffee. 
Despite pausing for a few seconds, Joan continued her way out. 
The moment she arrived at the door, danger approached. 
It appeared that Gabriella was stalling for time until her henchmen arrived. They were occupied earlier and could only come when night fell. 
“Wow, look who we have here. She’s really gorgeous!” A man suddenly appeared in front of Joan. 
“Excuse me, I don’t know you.” Joan tried to distance herself from the men. 
“Come on, it’s not safe at night for a lady like you. Why don’t I send you home? Come with me. Don’t be afraid.” Just as he spoke, the man grabbed her waist as he breathed in her bodily scent. 
Meanwhile, Gabriella watched intently what was unfolding before her. 
Joan, oh Joan, today will be the end of you. 
“What are you doing?” Joan glared at the group of men. 
They surrounded her in a tight circle, leaving no room for her to escape. 
“Us? We just like to have some fun with you.” One of them lifted her chin and let out a devilish grin. 
This can’t be a coincidence, can it? Is this what Gabriella was planning? Turning around, Joan looked in Gabriella’s direction and saw her sipping coffee as if nothing had happened. 
“Who are you? Did Gabriella send you?” Joan demanded.
The man in front was stunned but collected himself quickly. As he approached Joan slowly, a cold glint flashed in his eye. 
“We’re just inviting you to have some fun and yet you’re just spewing nonsense about some Gabriella or whoever that is. We don’t know her,” the man hissed with disdain. 
However, the momentary change in his expression had confirmed her suspicions that Gabriella was the mastermind. 
She is really ruthless. Even at this time, she isn’t willing to let me go. Gabriella, when will you even stop? 
“There isn’t any grudge between us and I don’t want any trouble. I may be a woman but for those who do harm me, I will have my revenge. If you lay a finger on me today, Larry’s men will be knocking on your door tomorrow. Of course, you can choose not to believe me.” Joan pretended to be calm. 
Is this the last time I use Larry’s name to protect myself? 
Suddenly, the group of men exchanged glances, unsure of what to do next. 
Given how famous Larry was, everyone was aware of how ruthless he could be. However, Gabriella’s instructions were as good as those of their boss.
###Chapter 1982
Chapter 1982 
The group of men were in a dilemma. 
“How long more do you need to think about it? If I’m not home on time, Larry would send his men out in search of me. If you don’t believe me, let’s just wait and see,” Joan asserted. 
“Bro, let’s just let her go, it’s not worth the trouble. We can just give Ms. Ward an excuse. However, if we offend Larry, it would really be the end of us,” one of the younger men within the group suggested to the older man. 
Meanwhile, the rest of the men furrowed their eyebrows slightly, deep in thought. 
“Mrs. Norton, I’m sorry. We have made a mistake thinking that you were a thief. Why don’t you let us send you home as an apology?” the older man suddenly asked. 
At that moment, Joan heaved a sigh of relief. 
Fortunately, Larry’s reputation was still powerful enough. 
“There’s no need. I can go home myself. Don’t worry, I will keep what happened today a secret.” 
Watching what happened at the entrance, Gabriella noticed that something was amiss. She had ordered them to capture Joan by whatever means necessary. But she was surprised to see Joan leaving. What’s going on? 
Gabriella quickly stood up and headed for the entrance. 
Damn it, what is Joan up to! 
By the time she reached the door, Joan was already nowhere to be found.
“Where’s Joan?” Gabriella screamed aloud. 
“Ms. Ward, that woman wasn’t feeling well and looks to be in pain. Hence, she has gone to the hospital.” One of the men tried to cover up. 
“All of you are useless!” Gabriella scowled. 
At that moment, Joan had hopped into a cab and ordered it to drive to the village. 
“Miss, are you alright? Do you need to call the police? I just saw that group of men surrounding you,” the driver suddenly asked. 
“It’s fine, don’t worry. Let’s go.” Joan was breathing heavily. 
Luckily I managed to escape. Gabriella is truly capable of anything. 
Ring! Ring! 
“Hello? Joan, where are you? Why aren’t you home yet?” Dustin sounded concerned. 
“I’m on my way. I’ll be home soon,” Joan quickly replied. 
However, she didn’t expect the driver to be one of Gabriella’s men. 
Gabriella knew that Hubert’s men were not reliable. Realizing that they were cowards, she had a backup plan. 
As Joan leaned back into the seat and closed her eyes to rest, an insidious smile appeared on the driver’s face. 
Sensing that the journey was taking longer than expected, Joan suddenly awoke and looked at her surroundings.
That’s strange. Why am I not home yet? Furrowing her eyebrows, she looked out the window. 
Oh no! This isn’t the way home. 
Suddenly, fear seized upon Joan. 
Who is this driver? Is he also one of Gabriella’s men? Does she really hate me so much that she had to keep setting up traps repeatedly? 
No, I can’t let the driver know that I have realized his agenda. Clenching her fists, Joan began to rack her brains. 
“Mister, can you stop the car, please? I need to use the ladies,” Joan suddenly asked. 
A cold glint flashed in the driver’s eye. 
Has she realized what’s going on? 
“Miss, we’re almost there. You can ease yourself at home as there are hardly any toilets along the way,” the driver coldly asserted. 
“Argh, Mister, I can’t hold it anymore. My stomach really hurts.” Joan held onto her stomach, pretending to be in pain. 
Why is she so much trouble! The driver banged the steering wheel forcefully. 
He wouldn’t be paid if he didn’t take Joan to the destination. 
“Miss, please bear with it. We will be reaching soon. I’ll drive faster,” replied the driver anxiously.
###Chapter 1983
Chapter 1983 
“No, Mister, I don’t think I can hold it…” Joan slumped on the backseat. 
Finally, the driver stopped the car. 
“Quick! I’m charging you more for this!” The driver glared at her. 
After scanning her surroundings, Joan ran into one of the washrooms. 
Taking out her phone, she quickly made a call. 
“Hello, Dustin? Come and get me, hurry.” Joan kept her voice down. 
“What? You have been kidnapped? Where are you? Send me your location now!” Dustin roared. 
He was almost driven crazy by anxiety. 
“Quick, come out right now!” the driver yelled fiercely as he banged on the door. 
“Alright, almost there!” Joan turned on her GPS at once. 
Ring! Ring! 
Suddenly, her phone rang again and it was Larry. 
“Come out right now! If you don’t, I’ll barge right in!” the driver roared when he heard her phone ringing. 
It’s over! This time, it’s really over. 
Joan gradually got up and walked out of the washroom awkwardly.
Caspian was previously following Joan to protect her. However, he was called back after receiving a call from Larry. Hence, he wasn’t aware of what had happened to her. 
Slap! The driver hit Joan on the face forcefully. Immediately after, Joan’s eyes reddened as she glared angrily at the driver. 
“How dare you make a call!” The driver kicked her in a fury. 
What do you expect? Am I to do nothing in the face of death? Joan sneered in response. 
At that moment, all hope seemed to have been beaten out of her. 
“Did Gabriella send you? How much is she paying you? One million? Two million?” Joan bellowed. 
The driver didn’t reply as he dragged Joan toward the car. 
Thump! Suddenly, she tripped and fell to the ground. Landing on her knees, blood began to ooze out of them. Hugging her knees tightly, Joan was in excruciating pain. 
“Stand up right now! Hurry!” the driver roared again. 
At that moment, she refused to comply with the driver’s instructions no matter what, just like a rebellious child. That was the first time she was so defiant. 
“Damn it! Stand up!” The driver grabbed her arm violently. 
Sensing how defiant she was, he bent down to carry her instead. 
“Joan!” Suddenly, a familiar voice rang out. 
A smile broke out on Joan’s face in response. He is finally here.
“Stand right there!” Dustin pointed at the driver and shouted. 
At that moment, the driver panicked. 
“Put me down and I’ll guarantee your safety,” Joan coldly declared. 
“Also, who sent you?” 
The driver hesitated for a moment before putting Joan down and dashing toward his car. However, before he could start the engine, Dustin had got in with him. 
“Who ordered you to do this?” Dustin grabbed the driver by the throat. 
“Wait, it was a lady,” the driver replied meekly. 
“What’s her name?” Joan asked at once. 
“I don’t know her name. She only paid me to take you to the agreed venue.” The driver pointed at Joan. 
What the hell? Dustin looked at the driver skeptically. 
“I’m telling you the truth.” 
Bam! Right when Dustin wasn’t looking, the driver threw a punch at him, causing him to stagger toward the ground. 
“Dustin!” Joan yelled. 
Holding his head, he could feel it spinning while his vision turned blurry. 
What’s going on? Fumbling around, Dustin tried to steady himself, but his body just wouldn’t listen.
“Are you alright?” Joan quickly supported him. 
“Joan?” That was the last thing he said before losing consciousness. 
By the time Dustin awoke, it was the next day afternoon. Joan was sprawled on the bed beside him, looking haggard and exhausted. As Dustin gently stroke her hair, a smile of relief broke out on his face. All that matters is that she is safe.
###Chapter 1984
Chapter 1984 
Sensing Dustin’s movements, Joan gradually opened her eyes. 
“You’re awake. I’ll go get you some water.” She stood up. 
Suddenly, Dustin grabbed her hand forcefully, not allowing her to leave. 
“I’m not thirsty. So, don’t go.” 
Joan could feel the compelling strength behind his words. As she gradually took her seat, she stared at him with a sympathetic expression. 
“I’m really sorry about yesterday. Luckily, your injuries weren’t serious. Or else, I wouldn’t know how I’ll ever be able to face you again.” Joan gave him a guilty look. 
However, he had hoped that something bad actually happened to him so that she would remember him for life. 
“I’m fine, don’t worry. As long as I’m here, no one will dare harm you.” Dustin’s voice was raspy. 
Joan looked at Dustin without saying a word. Larry is the man I love the most. However, Dustin is the one I’m supposed to treasure. He has changed a lot and is now more matured. 
“How are things between you and Larry?” Dustin asked. 
How else can it be? In the end, the only choice is divorce. She had made up her mind. Once they were divorced, Larry could move out of Ms. Young’s house and they would never see each other again. 
“Joan, perhaps the matter isn’t what we imagine it to be. I used to detest the fact that both of you are together because of my feelings for you. But now, I feel that you will only be happy when you’re with
him. There must be a misunderstanding,” Dustin replied softly. 
He had long accepted that Joan only loved Larry, but he still held a grudge over the car accident previously. 
Suddenly, a cold glint flashed in Joan’s eyes. 
The truth was right in front of her in the form of Gabriella’s bulging stomach. How is that a misunderstanding? 
“Let’s drop the topic. Don’t worry, the matter will be resolved soon. I know you are concerned about me. However, some things are beyond our control.” 
Sometimes, all we can do is resign ourselves to fate. If it’s meant to be, then there will be no point defying fate. Just go with the flow. Every day is filled with surprises. They can either be good or bad. As time goes by, we will just be desensitized to all these shocks. 
When her phone suddenly rang, she ended the call after she saw who it was. Looking at her, Dustin wanted to say something but decided against it. 
Forget it, I’ll just let her be. He then looked away and out of the window. 
“Haven’t you found her yet?” Larry roared as if his eyes could spit fire. 
“Larry, don’t worry. Joan will be fine,” Caspian quickly reassured him. 
“Mr. Norton.” Suddenly, a man barged into the room with an anxious look on his face. 
“Yesterday, Mrs. Norton was seen with Ms. Ward,” the man reported softly as he looked at Larry fearfully.
“Where?” Larry turned around and walked up to the man. 
“At the restaurant. Both of them met for a long while before Mrs. Norton left.” 
Gabriella again… 
Bam! Larry slammed his fist into the wall, causing his knuckles to bleed. 
“Larry, give Gabriella a call.” Caspian handed Larry his phone. 
“Hello, Lars?” Gabriella’s coquettish voice sounded. 
“Gabriella! What have you done to Joan? She better be safe or else I’ll never forgive you!” Larry’s thundering voice stunned Gabriella. 
“Lars, what are you talking about? Both of us only shared a meal and reminisced about old times. What can I possibly do to her?” Gabriella explained in an innocent tone. 
“Joan, where have you been? You’ve frightened us!” Delilah grumbled. 
“Oh, something came up.” Joan smiled awkwardly.
###Chapter 1985
Chapter 1985 
When she went into her room, there was no sign of Larry. After checking the bathroom, she didn’t find him there either. 
Isn’t he back yet? 
“Larry had a fever yesterday. The moment he reached home, he lay on the bed without even having dinner. This morning, when he realized that you hadn’t come home, he headed out quickly in search of you. Hence, you’d better give him a call,” Delilah plainly explained. 
Joan took out her phone and called him. 
“Hello, let’s meet up for a talk and get it done.” Joan sounded disappointed. 
At that moment, Larry’s eyes darkened. He didn’t expect Joan to be calling him first thing in the morning over that issue. 
“Joan, it’s not what you think. Give me some time and let me get to the bottom of this,” Larry pleaded. 
Joan scoffed. What else is there to investigate? 
“Larry, I don’t want to see either of you anymore. Let’s just get it done and over with.” Joan ended the call at once. 
As Delilah watched on, she couldn’t help but sigh. 
Love is a torturous feeling. No matter what one does, it will never be perfect, especially when it involves a third party.
“Joan, have you really thought it through?” Delilah asked softly as she looked at Joan in a probing manner. 
She didn’t want to interfere in their affairs, but neither did she want Joan to make a decision she would come to regret. 
“Mmm-hmm. What I want is simple. I’ll work at the supermarket in the day and spend the evenings with you and Lucius. That’s all.” 
Such a life was more than enough to satisfy her. Delilah turned around and walked into the kitchen. 
All that matters is that she is happy. 
But is she really? She has only chosen to live a simpler life. 
Ring! Ring! 
“Joan, come to the hospital quickly. Ms. Brooks is awake!” 
Joan widened her eyes in delight when she heard the news. 
“Ms. Young, I’m heading out!” Joan quickly grabbed her bag and ran out of the house. 
Inside the hospital ward, a few other colleagues surrounded the bed, looking relieved. 
“Ms. Brooks, please take plenty of rest. Don’t worry, we’re all here with you.” 
“That’s right, Ms. Brooks. Get well soon.” 
As the ladies comforted Freya, she was moved to tears. 
“Joan is here!” one of them exclaimed all of a sudden.
Freya was visibly excited at the sight of her. 
“Cough…” Freya wanted to say something but choked. 
“Calm down. It’s alright. We have time.” Joan gently patted Freya on her shoulders. 
She wanted to tell Joan that someone ruthless wanted to harm her, but the words just couldn’t come out. 
Nevertheless, she had made a significant recovery. When Freya was first sent to the hospital, the doctor advised that she might not regain her consciousness for life. Nevertheless, her mom stayed by her side every day, telling her stories and talking about their lives. She did everything she could to help her daughter wake up. 
“Doctor, there’s something I need to discuss with you,” Joan whispered to the doctor. 
“Let talk outside.” The doctor ushered her aside. 
“My friend became paralyzed because someone sabotaged her. It was definitely not an accident. Hence, I hope that you can protect her…” Joan gave the doctor a stern look. 
“You have to tell that to the police as we are only responsible for treating her. Other than that, there’s little we can do about it,” the doctor replied apologetically. 
“What I meant was I hope you can keep the fact that she is awake under wraps. I will liaise with the police,” Joan explained. 
If news got out that Freya was awake, there might be a second assassination attempt. After all, Gabriella was as vicious as a demon.
###Chapter 1986
Chapter 1986 
The girls from the village were all extremely loyal. Hence, they would definitely keep their mouths shut. After all, they were constantly visiting Freya at the hospital. Hence, their actions would not raise any suspicions. 
“Don’t worry, Joan. We know what to do.” 
“That’s right. We must bring the culprit to justice,” the girls chorused. 
To prevent the news from being leaked, Joan arranged for Freya’s ward to be changed. Leveraging on Dustin’s connections, Freya was moved to a luxurious VIP room on the top floor. 
“Ms. Watts, I don’t know what else to say other than thank you.” Freya’s mom held her hand tightly. 
Joan’s gaze darkened in response. In truth, she was partly responsible for what happened to Freya. 
“Mrs. Brooks, don’t worry. This place is safe. If you need anything, I’m just a phone call away. Also, if anyone asks, it’s better that you tell them Freya has gone back to her hometown to recuperate. Or else, I fear…” 
“I understand. Don’t worry,” Freya’s mom replied resolutely. 
Everyone knew how important this was to Joan. Hence, they didn’t want her efforts to be in vain. 
Ring! Ring! 
“Hello? Joan, are you alright? I heard that you’re in the hospital.” Dustin sounded concerned. 
“Oh, I’m fine. I’ll explain when I’m back.” Joan ended the call right away.
Before that, the police had discovered that there was more to the case than it met the eye. However, it was subsequently suppressed by someone influential. 
Nevertheless, there were still some honest policemen who would pursue the truth and bring the perpetrator to justice. 
“Don’t worry. This is our duty anyway. As long as she is in the hospital, we will guarantee her safety.” 
Now that everything was in place, all that was left was for Freya to recover. 
Joan could not allow her to be hurt again. Clenching her fists, a cold glint flashed in her eye. 
“Again? They must be really free to visit the hospital every so often. I don’t even know what’s so wonderful about Ms. Brooks. She obviously has a terrible temper and yet, many of them still care about her,” Gabriella grumbled in the living room. 
“I heard they were going to bid farewell to the vegetable…” 
Suddenly, Gabriella’s gaze became alert. 
“What happened?” she asked coldly. 
“Oh, the vegetable’s mom has run out of money. Hence, she has decided to take her back to her hometown to recuperate. Given that they aren’t rich, they would likely have spent all their savings after such a long stay in the hospital. 
Is that all there is to it? 
“Go to the hospital and verify it. Pretend to be a relative while doing so. Also, remember to dress less conspicuously,” Gabriella instructed. 
“Hi, Ms. Watts. She has a visitor today that claims to be a relative,” the doctor reported carefully.
“I’ll be right over.” Joan got up at once. 
At the hospital, the doctors and nurses were all busy while the corridor was filled with patients. They all had helpless looks on their faces. 
“When did he come?” Joan asked the doctor with a serious expression. 
“He just left a short while ago. You can check the security footage.” The doctor led her to the security control room. 
The police and doctor she was in contact with were people whom she could trust. Hence, she believed that they wouldn’t leak the matter out. 
After watching the screen for a long time, she was sure she didn’t know the person as she couldn’t recognize who it was. 
It seems she has found someone new. A cold glint flashed across Joan’s eyes. 
Gabriella’s modus operandi is to only use someone once. 
She really is a sly one indeed. Clenching her fists, Joan’s gaze turned icy cold. 
Someone new will most likely appear next time. 
“Alright, doctor. Thanks for all that you’ve done.” Joan patted him on the shoulder.
###Chapter 1987
Chapter 1987 
“No problem. I will try my best to help.” The doctor smiled cordially. 
After all, there was nothing to fear in helping the police. 
After chatting a while longer, Joan left the security control room. 
“Well, well, isn’t it Joan?” Suddenly, a familiar voice rang out from behind her. 
There was only one person she knew that spoke with such a domineering tone. Joan turned around and squinted her eyes at the woman approaching her. 
She didn’t believe that it was a coincidence for Gabriella to be there right after the man who came to see Freya had just left. 
“What are you doing here?” Joan glared at her suspiciously. 
Gabriella pretended to rub her stomach while her eyes were filled with contempt. 
“Why can’t I be in a hospital? I’m here for a checkup.” 
Joan glanced at the doctor beside her, signaling him to leave. The man quickly understood and returned to his office. 
Joan couldn’t allow Gabriella to harm anyone else. 
“In that case, I’ll be taking my leave.” With that, Joan turned and left. 
“Hey, Joan, when are you going to divorce Larry?” Gabriella’s icy tone caught everyone’s attention.
What a joke. Larry is the one who is unwilling to go through the divorce. Instead of looking for him, she… 
“Gabriella, let me tell you. Whenever Larry is free, we can file for divorce anytime. I’m not the one holding it up.” Not wanting to hear her voice further, Joan left right away. 
Gabriella slammed the medication in her hands onto the floor. 
“Hey Baby, who has gotten on your nerves? Why are you angry?” the man quickly approached and asked softly. 
Damn you, Joan. How dare you treat me that way! 
Gabriella clenched her fists tightly as flames burned in her eyes. When the man saw her expression, he instinctively retreated a few steps. 
What happened? Who infuriated her? He looked at her quizzically. 
“Alright, Gabriella. Don’t be angry. It’s bad for the baby. Let me send you home.” The man held her hand and walked out of the hospital together. 
As it was easy for a pregnant woman to feel insecure, Gabriella called for the baby’s real father to accompany her when she didn’t receive any assurances from Larry. 
“Next time, just get me to take care of whatever you need. After all, it’s getting increasingly difficult for you to move around,” the man suggested with concern. 
Suddenly, Gabriella leaned her head on his shoulder while her eyes were filled with sadness. At that moment, he was suddenly stunned. But, he quickly regained his composure.
In truth, all Gabriella wanted was a husband that loved her, an adorable child, a day job, and a loving family to return to. However, the husband had to be Larry. 
In contrast to her feelings for Larry, the resentment she felt against Joan for stealing Larry away from her was even stronger, to the extent it was now about revenge. No matter what, she just had to steal Larry back from Joan. 
“I’m so tired,” Gabriella murmured. 
That was the first time the man heard Gabriella sound disheartened. At that moment, he was filled with sympathy for her. 
She was just an ordinary woman, who also needed love and protection from a man. 
“Gabriella, do you want a complete family?” the man lifted her chin and asked seriously. 
How can I not? Who doesn’t want to have a happy family? 
“What are you trying to say?” Gabriella asked softly. 
“What I mean is that if you’re willing, we can…” 
“I’m tired. I just feel like sleeping for a while,” she interrupted him. 
Naturally, she wasn’t willing. 
The man didn’t understand why she was being so stubborn. Larry doesn’t love her and yet, she desperately tries to cling onto him, to the extent of fabricating such a lie. 
In life, there are many sorts of people. There are some who would choose to let go for the sake of love, while others that go astray in their pursuit of it. As time passed, the love they have would lose its
purity. Gabriella is the best example of this.
###Chapter 1988
Chapter 1988 
Perhaps, she just doesn’t fancy me. 
Turning his head away, the man looked out the window with his eyes filled with anguish. Once upon a time, he too had wanted to be with Gabriella because of her wealth and status. But as time went on, he had subconsciously fallen in love with her. Until then, he still couldn’t believe how things had turned out. With that thought in mind, he sneered at himself. 
Ring! Ring! 
When Joan saw who it was calling, she quickly answered. 
“Please help me tidy up my office as I will be coming back tomorrow,” Dustin remarked softly. 
“You should rest for a few days as there’s nothing major going on at the supermarket,” Joan replied. 
“I’m fine. Don’t forget, I’m a doctor myself,” Dustin quickly reminded. 
After relaxing for a few days, he was beginning to feel bored. He would prefer to do some work at the supermarket and perhaps chat with the employees. 
“Alright, I understand.” Joan ended the call. 
Ever since the incident with Gabriella, she had changed into a different person. Her actions were now a lot more efficient and decisive. After all, she wanted to busy herself with work so that she could forget that pain that she was going through. 
“Hey, did you notice that Joan seemed to have changed recently?” 
“Mmm-hmm, she seems a lot quieter and is smiling lesser. Nowadays, all she does is work.”
“Can it be that Larry bullied her again?” 
The group of women stared at Joan and discussed with concern. 
“Mmm, I can see that all of you have been working tirelessly recently. Hence, I will treat everyone to dinner tonight. Please bear with it for another then minutes and we will be able to get off work,” Joan proclaimed suddenly. 
At that moment, the supermarket went into a frenzy. 
“Wow, Joan, what are we going to have tonight?” 
“I want to have pizza!” 
“I want grilled fish!” 
“Joan, what’s going on? You don’t seem to be in a good mood recently,” one of them asked all of a sudden. 
At that moment, the other ladies turned to stare at her. Realizing her mistake, she quickly held her palms to cover her mouth. 
“Come, have some more food, or it will go to waste.” 
“That’s right, let’s eat…” 
Only then did the atmosphere ease significantly. 
“Let me explain,” Joan suddenly remarked. 
Instantly, everyone became quiet as they turned their attention to her with concerned looks on their faces.
“I am planning to get a divorce,” Joan remarked nonchalantly. 
The silence that ensued was terrifying as no one knew what to say in response. A few of them sighed sympathetically, while others clashed their fists in anger. 
“Joan, did Larry do something to you? Tell us if he did, we will help you.” 
“That’s right, we will teach him a lesson. Don’t be afraid. Anyway, you’re so pretty. You definitely wouldn’t lack suitors at all!” 
Bam! Suddenly, the door to the private room opened and a dashing man entered. 
“Oh? What’s going on? Why am I not invited to the dinner treat? Are you discriminating against me?” 
A familiar voice rang out behind their ears, causing an uproar within the private room. 
Although Dustin had just joined the supermarket, his character and looks had charmed everyone there. 
“Mr. Silverman is here. Quick, take a seat. We’ve just begun.” 
“Mr. Silverman, please sit here.” 
“Hey, why are you trying to steal him? You’re already married.” 
At that moment, the private room’s atmosphere livened up. After glancing at Joan, Dustin gradually took the seat beside her. 
“Oh! It seems Joan is really popular.” Her colleagues began to gossip. 
“Come, Mr. Silverman, we want to make a toast to you for being the knight in shining armor who saved Joan.”
That night, everyone had a blast. They chatted happily about their kids at school, debated the latest TV dramas, and argued who the most handsome actor was. 
Joan beamed in satisfaction, knowing that everyone had enjoyed their time. She liked the feeling she had then. At work, everyone would put their best foot forward. After work, they would then gather happily and chat over a meal, just like a family.
###Chapter 1989
Chapter 1989 
After wiping her mouth, Joan walked out of the private room. 
“Hey, what’s wrong?” Dustin gently patted her on the shoulder. 
With her dreamy eyes, Joan looked up at the pitch-black sky. 
“Dustin, do you think I should go through the divorce?” Joan sounded lost. 
After so many years of being together, wouldn’t it be a waste? However, if I don’t let go, how will Gabriella ever stop? Joan suddenly sneered. 
It appears that love can be very fragile. Just one thought alone can end a bond that lasted for years. 
“Joan.” Dustin turned her around and looked straight at her. 
“All that matters is that you are happy. But don’t do something you will regret. If you need me by your side one day, I will gladly be there for you.” Dustin looked at her tipsy expression intently. 
“Gabriella is pregnant with Larry’s child. The child cannot be without a father. That just won’t do,” Joan mumbled. 
The only reason she tolerated Gabriella was that Joan was a kind woman. Dustin sighed in response. 
“Ah…” Suddenly, Joan staggered into his arms. 
“Larry,” Joan murmured. 
“Joan?” Dustin gently shook her by the arms.
As a cold breeze blew past them, Dustin hugged Joan to keep her warm. However, Larry was watching from afar and saw everything that had happened. 
Clenching his fists tightly, rage filled his eyes. 
What’s the real reason she wants a divorce? Is it really because of Gabriella’s child? Or has it always been about Dustin? 
He had arrived exhausted to pick Joan up from work but ended up seeing them in such a shocking scene. 
As his expression darkened, Larry turned away and left. 
“Oh, did I fall asleep?” Sounding exhausted, Joan suddenly awoke and rubbed her eyes. 
“I’ll send you home.” Dustin gently stroked her hair. 
“What about them? Have they left?” Joan quickly returned to the private room. 
“Joan, we’re here. We’re about to leave as we don’t want to be in the way,” one of the women yelled from downstairs. 
Joan quickly ran to the balcony and saw that they had gone downstairs. 
What sort of friends are they? Why didn’t they tell me they were leaving? Joan gave them the side-eye and pretended to be upset. 
“Come on, don’t be angry. You should continue sleeping in Mr. Silverman’s arms. We’re going off now. Bye!” With that, the group of women left hand in hand. 
At that moment, Joan was suddenly embarrassed. Due to the alcohol, she had accidentally fallen asleep in Dustin’s arms.
“Dad, you’re back,” Lucius exclaimed in delight and threw himself into Larry’s arms. 
However, Larry avoided him and went straight back into his room. “Lucius, I’m tired today. I’ll play with you another day instead.” 
Delilah was shocked to see what happened. After all, Larry had never treated Lucius so coldly before. What’s wrong with him today? 
“I have tidied up your office,” Joan remarked softly while standing by the door. 
“Alright.” Dustin looked awkward. 
“Mmm, I want to thank you for today.” Joan felt embarrassed. 
He understood what she meant. But he couldn’t stop his imagination from running wild after thinking about what happened earlier and the teasing comments her colleagues made. 
After saying goodbye to Dustin, Joan entered the house. 
“Lucius, why haven’t you slept yet?” Joan picked him up. 
“Mom, where did you go? Why did you come back so late? Let me tell you a secret. Dad is in a bad mood today,” Lucius whispered into her ear. 
Suddenly, Joan’s gaze darkened. 
“Lucius, go to bed now as you still have school tomorrow. Joan, there’s some medication on the table for Larry. Don’t forget to give it to him.” Just as she spoke, Delilah led Larry back into his room.
###Chapter 1990
Chapter 1990 
Should I bring up the divorce with him? Joan was hesitant about it. 
“Ms. Young told me that you are having a fever,” Joan remarked when she entered the room. 
Larry didn’t respond to her. 
Is he asleep? She approached him slowly. 
“Larry.” Joan gently patted him on his arms. 
However, he didn’t move at all. 
When she put her hand on his forehead, she was shocked. 
“Larry, wake up. Quick, take your medication before you sleep.” Joan panicked. 
This fool of a man! Why isn’t he taking his medicine despite having a fever? 
“Joan,” Larry mumbled as he pulled her into his embrace. 
“I’m here. Take your medication.” Joan gently stroke his hair. 
“Don’t leave me.” Larry buried his head into her collar bone. 
At that moment, Joan’s heart wavered. 
I don’t want to leave him. But, I don’t have a choice. 
The next day, the morning sun shone through the windows. Larry was hugging Joan tightly with a blissful expression on his face.
When he opened his eyes and saw Joan in front of him, he was shocked to realize it wasn’t a dream at all. 
He subsequently grinned in satisfaction. 
“Urgh…” Turning around, he rubbed his eyes as it was already daylight. 
“You’re awake. Have some soup first, and here’s your medication,” Joan uttered softly as she walked toward the bathroom. 
Both of them were feeling awkward but pretended to be calm instead. 
Breakfast was quiet as both of them hardly said a thing. Once they were done, Lucius went to school while Delilah tended to her garden. As for Joan, she grabbed a piece of bread before heading out. Finally, Larry felt lonely after he was the only one left in the small dining room. 
She hasn’t forgiven me. His gaze darkened at that thought. 
Wait, that’s not right! Suddenly, his eyes flashed with anger when he remembered seeing her hugging Dustin last night. 
Suddenly, rage welled up within him when he realized everything was real and he wasn’t dreaming at all. 
“Joan, what are you going to do about it?” Suddenly, a colleague approached and looked at her noisily. 
What is she talking about? Joan looked at the woman quizzically. 
“Come on, what are you being shy about? We’re all ladies here. We understand.” The woman patted her on her shoulder. 
Joan was increasingly puzzled.
“What are you talking about? I really don’t understand.” 
The woman was surprised but quickly recovered her composure. 
“Last night, didn’t Dustin send you home?” the woman asked curiously. 
“That’s right.” Joan nodded. 
“Did he just leave after that?” 
How else did she expect it to be? I can’t let him stay, can I? I am not that liberal. Besides, he is just a friend. 
“Joan, is something wrong with your brain? Dustin is such a good man. Why don’t you treasure…” Suddenly, the woman became furious. 
“I’ve already told you not to concern yourself with this. We have told her the same but she just doesn’t listen.” 
“That’s right, let’s get back to work,” the other women urged. 
“What are you ladies talking about?” Suddenly, a familiar voice rang out from behind. 
“What else other than your marriage?” One of the ladies giggled. 
Dustin blushed at once. 
As there weren’t many employees at the supermarket, Dustin treated them more like friends than subordinates. 
“My goodness, it’s still too early for that.” Dustin laughed awkwardly.
“Hey, Mr. Silverman, what kind of girls do you like? Let me introduce one to you.” 
“That’s right. It’s best if we can keep the good stuff within our circle.” 
The group of ladies burst into laughter. 
When Dustin looked at Joan, he saw her focused on reading the documents she had on hand. She didn’t take notice of the surrounding noise at all. 
Bam! Suddenly, the doors to the supermarket were busted open.
###Chapter 1991
Chapter 1991 
Everyone’s attention turned toward the entrance. 
What is he doing here? Joan furrowed her eyebrows slightly. 
“Joan.” Larry gradually approached her. 
“Oh, who is this? What is he doing here at our supermarket?” 
“That’s right. He is the assh*le that can’t keep it in his pants.” 
The ladies began to make snide remarks. Obviously, Larry knew they were talking about him. 
“What are you doing here?” Joan looked at him inquisitively. 
“Something has happened to Lucius,” Larry whispered to her. 
“What? How can that be?” Joan dashed out of the supermarket. 
Behind her, her colleagues were all filled with concern. 
“What happened?” Joan demanded to know. 
Larry didn’t know either as he had just received a call from Lucius’ homeroom teacher. 
Soon, their car arrived at the school gate. 
“Hello, are you Lucius’ parents?” A young and beautiful teacher approached them and asked. 
“That’s right. I’m his mom while he is Lucius’ dad. What happened to my son?” Joan grabbed onto the teacher’s arms anxiously.
“Calm down. You will be able to see him soon. Your son is really extraordinary.” The teacher grinned before leaving. 
What’s going on? Now that we’re here after hearing something happened to him, why doesn’t the teacher seem to be bothered? 
“Dearest teachers and fellow students. How are you? My name is Lucius and the topic of my speech today is ‘My Mom and Dad’.” 
That’s Lucius’ voice! 
Joan quickly turned around and followed the sound. 
“Mrs. Norton, your son is really awesome. He is the first one to go up on stage,” the teacher highlighted beside them. 
Suddenly, Joan’s eyes were filled with tears. 
Larry hugged Joan tightly as if to comfort her. 
“Conflicts are inevitable once two people spend a long time with each other. My parents too are the same. However, for some strange reason, they always make up a few minutes later. Not this time though. It has already been two days, and yet, they have not made peace.” Just as he spoke, Lucius’ eyes darkened. 
Very quickly, his speech ended and he was greeted with a round of applause. 
“Finally, I would like to thank my parents for giving me their unconditional love and patience. I strongly hope that they will reconcile as soon as possible.” With that, Lucius bowed deeply in Joan and Larry’s direction.
Finally, Joan couldn’t contain her emotions. Tears flowed down her cheeks as she rushed to hug him. 
“Alright, Joan, please maintain your composure. We are at the school after all,” Larry comforted her as he gently patted her on her shoulder. 
“Mom, Dad,” Lucius ran toward them the moment he came down from the stage. 
“Forgive me for using such an inappropriate method in trying to get both of you here.” Lucius lowered his head in guilt. 
“Foolish child, it’s not your fault. You’re my son.” Joan’s voice was trembling when she hugged him tightly. 
“Come, Mr. Norton. Let me take a family picture for the three of you,” the homeroom teacher suddenly suggested. 
Joan quickly wiped her tears away and carried Lucius to face the camera. 
“Mmm-hmm. Not bad. Here’s the picture, Lucius. If Mom and Dad quarrel again, you can show this photo to them,” the teacher suggested with a smile. 
Suddenly, both Larry and Joan smiled in response. 
Lucius’ actions had caused both of them to feel guilty as they didn’t expect their conflict to have affected their son. 
Nevertheless, the matter between them was unresolved. 
“Larry, I don’t want to drag on this any longer,” Joan plainly remarked.
“As for Lucius, we will hide it from him for the time being. When he is older…” Joan’s eyes were heavy with sadness. 
Is she that eager to divorce me? Just so that she can go and see Dustin? Larry clenched his fists as his eyes filled with rage.
###Chapter 1992
Chapter 1992 
“Joan, tell me the truth. Why are you in such a hurry to divorce me?” Larry grabbed Joan’s hand tightly. 
What a ridiculous question. Other than the child Gabriella is carrying, what other reason can there be? Giving him the side-eye, Joan responded with a snort. 
“What is it? Cat got your tongue? Do you need me to say it?” Larry snapped. 
Fine. Just spit it out. I want to hear what you actually have to say. 
“It’s because of Dustin, isn’t it? After our divorce, you can return to his side!” Larry glared at her. 
Suddenly, Joan’s eyes burned with rage. 
What is he thinking? Am I really that disloyal in his eyes? Balling her fingers into a fist, Joan’s eyes were filled with contempt. 
“Larry, you started this. Why don’t you reflect on your own mistakes instead of blaming them on others?” She stared coldly at Larry. 
How dare he doubt my relationship with Dustin? From the beginning, I have made it clear that we’re only friends. Until now, he still uses this as an excuse to suspect me. 
“You seemed to be enjoying yourself when Dustin was hugging you that day. Don’t think that I’m unaware that Dustin has always been waiting for you,” Larry bellowed. 
So what? Did I do anything to betray you? 
“I don’t want to talk to you anymore. Whenever you are free, let’s just sign the divorce papers. After that, you can move out,” Joan asserted coldly before turning to leave.
Any broken-hearted lady would always seek a clean breakup. Ideally, they would go their respective ways and never see each other again. 
She didn’t deny that she really loved Larry. It was just that she couldn’t control everything in life. Being separated didn’t mean she no longer loved him. She just wanted him to be responsible for the child Gabriella was carrying. After all, the child was innocent. 
“How did it go? Did you manage to resolve it?” Dustin quickly asked. 
Joan shook her head in silence. 
It appeared that they had reached the end of their marriage. Sighing, Dustin felt that it was a waste. 
Ring! Ring! 
When Joan saw who it was, she quickly answered the call. 
“Joan, are you free today? Let’s go out for a meal,” Nancy suggested softly. 
“Sure.” 
After setting the time and venue, they ended the call. 
“Sigh, I’ll be heading out for a while.” Joan patted Dustin on the shoulder. 
He gestured an okay sign to her. 
In the café, Nancy was sitting in a corner, sipping coffee. When she saw Joan’s figure hurrying in, sadness filled her eyes. 
“Nancy.” Joan spotted Nancy the moment she entered the restaurant.
“Joan, you’re here.” 
“How are you? Are you feeling any better?” 
“Mmm-hmm, I’m fine. Joan, I heard about you and Larry. What happened? Do you need to go to such extremes as to file for a divorce?” 
Joan sneered. Just as expected, I suppose Larry must have called you to talk to me about this? 
“We have crossed the point of no return,” Joan replied plainly. 
What’s that supposed to mean? All this while, their love had survived everything, no matter how difficult it was. Why is she giving up now? Curious, Nancy looked at Joan quizzically. 
“Nancy, I have made my decision after giving it a lot of thought. I’m tired and no longer want to torment myself. To be honest with you, Gabriella is carrying Larry’s child. On top of that, she has pestered me many times to divorce him.” 
“I’m sure you know by now how ruthless Gabriella is. She will never rest until she achieves her goal. Instead of letting her repeatedly hurt me and the one I love, I figured it’s better that I let go. We won’t be in each other’s way anymore,” Joan explained.
###Chapter 1993
Chapter 1993 
Larry had an affair? Nancy couldn’t believe it. In her mind, she was sure that Larry was not interested in anyone but Joan, let alone Gabriella. Is there a misunderstanding? 
“Joan, don’t be rash. We don’t know for sure if the baby Gabriella is carrying belongs to Larry. So, let’s not make any hasty decisions,” Nancy quickly advised. 
Ever since she had a child, Nancy had become a lot calmer and to a certain extent, gentler. 
“If the child isn’t his, why is Gabriella being so persistent? Furthermore, both of them were together that night.” 
What’s wrong with Larry? Given what happened, how does he expect me to solve it for him? Nancy looked conflicted. 
However, Gabriella has been known to be insidious. She must have set up an elaborate scheme. 
“Joan, you should wait a little longer. I’m sure the truth will be revealed soon.” Nancy held onto Joan’s hands tightly. 
What’s the use? Am I to wait for Gabriella to come and hurt me? Or perhaps for her to hurt Lucius and Ms. Young? 
I can’t allow any other innocents to be hurt further. Isn’t Ms. Brooks the best example? 
Joan’s eyes flashed with an icy chill. 
This marriage must end! 
“I’m not waiting. I can’t afford to do it.” Just as she spoke, Joan stood up.
“Nancy, if talking about this is the reason you invited me out, then let me be frank with you. There is no room for negotiation. Anyway, I still have work to do and have to leave first.” Joan turned and left. 
Suddenly, her eyes were reddened. 
Nancy took out her phone immediately and made a call. 
“Hello, Jory? There’s something I need your help with…” 
On the journey back, tears welled up in Joan’s eyes. Passersby who saw her looked at her as if she was crazy. 
“Sigh, did that lady just break up with his boyfriend?” 
“I don’t know. She looks really sad.” 
“Sigh. What a pity…” 
At that moment, she was oblivious to the comments being made around her. The only thing that filled her mind was Larry’s image and the divorce. 
Ring! Ring! 
“Hello, Joan? Are you alright? Where are you now?” Dustin sounded haggard. 
“I’m fine. I’m on my way back now.” 
However, little did she know that he was somewhere behind, watching her quietly. 
“What? You want me to investigate Gabriella?” Jory looked at Nancy in disbelief.
Since when did she take an interest in Gabriella? In his mind, Gabriella wasn’t a person to be trifled with. 
“Jory, Joan is going to divorce Larry and I heard Gabriella is carrying Larry’s baby. But, I don’t believe…” Nancy explained. 
But what does this have anything to do with me? At that moment, Jory’s gaze darkened. He had never wanted to interfere with the personal lives of others, especially that of Larry, who was Dustin’s love rival. 
“Nancy, let’s just mind our own business. As for the problems of others, they will sort it out themselves.” Jory hugged Nancy tightly. 
However, Joan and Larry aren’t just ordinary friends. 
“If you won’t investigate, I will.” Just as she spoke, Nancy stood up and left. 
“Fine, fine, I’ll do it. Don’t be angry. It’s bad for the baby.” Jory was left with no choice. 
After being pregnant, her temper had toned down significantly compared to last time. Nevertheless, whenever it flared, no one was able to stop her still. 
Ring! Ring! 
While Gabriella was reading some magazines in the living room, the man beside her handed her phone to her. 
Why is he calling? Gabriella furrowed her eyebrows in curiosity. 
Ever since he returned the Norton Corporation subsidiary that she painstakingly acquired, she had never stayed in contact with the man. But right then, he was calling her on his own accord.
What does he want? Gabriella sneered. 
“Hello, Mr. Synder, how are you?” Gabriella greeted him in a curious tone.
###Chapter 1994
Chapter 1994 
She wouldn’t mind if Jory ended the call the moment he heard her voice. In fact, that was what she desperately hoped for. 
When Jory heard how strange she sounded, he tried his best to suppress his emotions. 
“Ms. Ward, when are you free? Let’s meet over a meal.” Jory got straight to the point. 
As to what it was about, Gabriella would only find out once she met him. 
“Wow, Mr. Synder, I’m surprised you are inviting me out for lunch. All this while, you never had time to do so given how busy you are. Unfortunately, I’m unable to make it as it’s inconvenient for me to move around now. I’m sorry,” Gabriella replied with a contemptuous tone. 
She actually rejected me! Jory’s eyes darkened. 
“Oh, is that so? And here I was thinking of working with you on a project I have. Since it’s not a good time, then let’s just forget about it.” With that, Jory ended the call. 
Ever since Gabriella came back from overseas, she had become a lot more hardworking. Her decisive actions in the business world were no lesser than that of a man. Jory was puzzled as to what caused her to change so much in such a short time. 
“Did you say project?” Gabriella’s eyes suddenly sparkled. 
Since there’s a project involved, I’m definitely interested. As long as a profit can be made, I don’t care who my partner is. Gabriella’s lips widened into a smile.
“It’s too difficult to explain over the phone. Let meet someplace and have a meal together,” Gabriella suggested. 
Since she had invited him, Jory would look petty if he held a grudge for how she treated him earlier. 
“Sure.” 
After exchanging pleasantries, both of them ended the call. 
The stocks that Gabriella invested in had tanked while the projects she was working on hardly yielded any profit. Hence, she needed to solicit a few more projects to beef up her financial situation. 
“Gabriella, who was that?” the man beside her asked. 
“Oh, it’s just one of my business partners,” she plainly replied. 
As she wasn’t feeling too good recently, the man stayed over often to take care of her. In fact, she didn’t resent his presence at all. 
She didn’t like employing maids as she wasn’t one to place her trust on outsiders. 
“Sigh, I need to go out for a while. When you leave, don’t forget to lock the door,” Gabriella instructed. 
“How did it go?” Nancy looked at Jory in anticipation. 
“Don’t worry. Gabriella is no longer the hedonistic woman she used to be. The best way to tempt her now is by using projects.” Jory pulled Nancy into his tight embrace. 
“Do you feel better now?” He stroked her hair gently. 
She did. Jory had never disappointed her before.
“It’s been a while, Ms. Ward.” Jory took a sip of his coffee inside the café. 
“Yes indeed, Mr. Synder.” Gabriella rubbed her stomach on purpose. 
“I see that you’re pregnant. Congratulations,” Jory remarked deliberately. 
Feigning bashfulness for a moment, she quickly regained her composure. 
“It’s just a pity it doesn’t have a father,” Gabriella commented on purpose. 
I had better change the subject before she has any bright ideas. 
“How can you say it doesn’t have a father? Come, Ms. Ward. This is the contract for the project. Why don’t you take a look?” Jory placed the document in front of her. 
As they were discussing business, Jory knew he had to show his sincerity. Or else, she might see through his ruse. 
“You are really bold, Mr. Synder,” Gabriella remarked as she went through the document. 
He is being overly generous for no reason. Since when did he think so highly of me—to hand me such a lucrative project? 
“How about it? What do you think?” Jory asked. 
He was confident that she would sign the contract. After all, any self-respecting businessman would not let go of an opportunity like that. 
“Mr. Synder, I have a question. Why did you choose me? You must know that there are many other domestic companies who are dying to partner with you.” Gabriella stared at him warily.
###Chapter 1995
Chapter 1995 
Just as expected, she really is cautious. Jory sneered. 
“I’m sure you know that we have partnered with many domestic companies before. However, this project’s focus is on expanding into the international market. I’m aware that you own an excellent company overseas. Although its scale isn’t big as of now, I believe it has the potential to be developed…” Jory tried to hide his agenda. 
If not for Nancy’s request, who in the world would want to work with her? She is both cruel and ruthless. Sooner or later, she will break the rules of the business world. Hence, it is better not to even touch her with a ten-foot pole. 
“I see. It seems you have come to the right person. I am connected to many famous companies overseas.” 
Jory snorted in response. 
She really thinks that I need her help. 
“Alright, Ms. Ward. If you are agreeable, we can then discuss the details…” 
What’s there to discuss? Isn’t this all there is to it? Gabriella gave him a puzzled look. 
“This contract is just the first step. After that…” Jory then held back his words. 
His ive was to interact more with Gabriella via the different projects so that he could get closer to the truth. 
However, he had significantly underestimated her intelligence.
“Larry, something strange has happened recently. Jory and Gabriella are working on a project together,” Caspian reported warily. 
Larry suddenly put his pen down and looked out the window. 
I suppose it’s Nancy’s idea? 
“Alright, you may go now.” Larry waved his hand. 
He appreciated what Nancy had done for his and Joan’s sake. 
Ring! Ring! 
Is it him? How is it possible? Suddenly, Larry’s eyes darkened. 
“Mr. Norton, I have something to tell you.” 
“Alright, I’ll be right over. You don’t have to come.” Larry ended the call and walked out of the office. 
Soon, his car stopped at the entrance of the clinic. 
“What happened?” Larry looked at the man anxiously. 
Lonnie was hesitating and feeling helpless at the same time. He recognized that Larry was a good man —upright and loyal, while Joan was kind and generous. Both of them were a match made in heaven. He just didn’t understand how Larry could be involved with someone as cruel as Gabriella. 
“Mr. Norton, I heard about what happened to you. I just want to reveal some things to you.” Lonnie looked at him sternly. 
Could it be that he is still hiding something from me? Larry looked at Lonnie inquisitively.
“Gabriella used to be the person Mr. Newman loved the most. She used him to hurt Joan but failed in the end. After that, she requested me to help her but I declined. Logically speaking, Mr. Newman should have recovered after receiving treatment in the hospital for such a long time. But until now, there’s still no news of him. Therefore, there can only be one explanation. Gabriella must be somehow controlling him and his subordinates,” Lonnie explained. 
Larry had heard about something of this sort but never expected it to be as Lonnie had described. Perhaps, he was simply too busy with work to have given it much thought. 
“Therefore, I hope that you can reconsider before making a decision. Joan is a really good woman.” Lonnie patted him on the shoulder. 
Larry was his benefactor after all. Hence, he didn’t want Larry to do anything the latter might regret. Although he had not been in a relationship before, he had seen the pain and helplessness Mr. Newman suffered. Hence, he understood the anguish of losing the woman one loved. 
“I understand. Don’t worry, I’ll definitely find out the truth. As for Gabriella, I am honestly not sure if the child she is carrying is really mine. After all, I was really drunk that night.” Larry’s gaze darkened. 
What a fool! Since when does a drunk person still have the energy to make love? Lonnie walked up to Larry and gazed at him intently.
###Chapter 1996
Chapter 1996 
“Mr. Norton, if you are not sure, you can run a test.” 
What does he mean? What kind of test? Larry gave Lonnie a puzzled look. 
“Based on my understanding, a drunken man won’t have the ability to make love to a woman. Hence, you can try and get yourself drunk,” Lonnie explained in a serious tone. 
Although it was a dumb idea, Larry found it to be extremely practical. 
“Larry, what do you think?” 
Larry’s eyes lit up all of a sudden. I’m so stupid. Why didn’t I think of this in the first place? 
“This is both the easiest and fastest way. Also, what about the security feeds in the nightclub? The ones which show you entering and leaving. You need to check them too.” 
Suddenly, Larry realized he had missed a ton of details. 
As expected of someone that roams the underworld. 
After chatting a little while longer, Larry left the clinic. 
Although Lonnie had fully recovered from his wounds, he continued to stay at the clinic because Gabriella was still searching for him. She had wanted to kill him to prevent him from talking. The doctor there understood his predicament and arranged for him to help out with simple errands. 
“Hello, Caspian? Check the security feeds of the nightclub I went to,” Larry explained as he walked. 
Caspian was puzzled.
Haven’t we gone through them? They clearly showed Gabriella helping Larry into the room. 
“Alright, I understand.” Caspian ended the call. 
He believed in everything Larry was doing. 
“Larry, this is the security footage from the other day. You can take a look at it.” 
Larry stared intently at the screen, worried that he would miss out on something important. He was sure that he would be able to find a clue from the video. 
“Hey, Larry, something here feels strange,” Caspian suddenly commented. 
Larry too felt it. 
“Rewind it to the beginning,” Larry coldly instructed. 
The last time they watched the footage, they only saw Larry entering the nightclub and Gabriella helping him into the room. However, he didn’t finish watching the video then. After being reminded by Lonnie, Larry suddenly remembered that someone seemed to have entered the room after he left. 
“What’s wrong?” Larry demanded. 
“Mr. Norton, someone seems to have edited out this portion of the video,” the supervisor remarked softly. 
Just as expected, we have found a flaw! 
Bam! Larry slammed his fist onto the wall, causing blood to ooze out from his fingers. 
Gabriella, I didn’t expect you to be so careful. Larry let out a frosty glare.
However, as the nightclub was crowded then, it would be impossible to check the patrons one by one. 
“Larry, what do we do?” Caspian asked anxiously. 
“Let’s find the scene from where the security feed was restored.” Larry returned his focus to the screen and continued to stare at it. 
When Gabriella walked out of the room, she even turned to the camera and smiled, flashing a victory sign. 
Damn it! 
Larry was infuriated. 
“Mr. Norton, calm down. I will comb through all the security footage from that night. If we can narrow down the timing, it will be easier to look for it. I’m just worried that person was waiting in the nightclub the whole time until someone gave him a call. In that case, we will need to take a much longer time to search,” the supervisor explained. 
That’s right. Given how sly Gabriella is, she will definitely use a crafty method to hide the person’s identity. 
However, Larry was puzzled as to how Gabriella’s methods became so meticulous that every detail was taken care of. 
Did she receive some form of intelligent guidance while she was overseas? 
Ring! Ring! 
“Hello, Lars, where are you now? Are you free tonight? Let’s have dinner together,” Gabriella suggested coquettishly.
Larry let out a mischievous grin. Sure, I’d be glad to have dinner with you…
###Chapter 1997
Chapter 1997 
“Sure.” Larry ended the call. 
Meanwhile, Gabriella was jumping in joy. 
Did I hear wrongly? Larry actually agreed to have dinner with me? Can it be that Joan has brought up the divorce with him? Gabriella sneered while her eyes let out an icy glare. 
Joan oh Joan, it appears that you have lost your charm. In the end, Larry has chosen me. 
Looking out the window, Gabriella clenched her fists while emitting an intimidating vibe. 
When the man beside her saw how happy she was, his heart sank. He knew that Larry must have agreed to her request. In this world, is Larry the only one that can make her happy? The man couldn’t help but sigh. 
In the end, I am nothing but a tool. But I really love her. 
In the restaurant, the dim candlelight, soothing music, intoxicating red wine, and mesmerizing scent of flowers, simply made for a warm and romantic environment. Gabriella took a sip of red wine as she looked excitedly at Larry. 
“Larry, have you been very busy lately? Look at you, you seemed to have lost a lot of weight.” Gabriella reached out her hand to touch his cheeks. 
When Larry avoided her hand, it suddenly caused her to feel awkward. 
“It’s alright. I’m just a little busy.” Larry put a piece of steak in his mouth. 
“Lars, you have to take better care of yourself.” Gabriella’s heart pained to see him like that.
“Gabriella, do you remember how much I have drunk at the nightclub that night?” Larry carefully probed. 
Suddenly, Gabriella’s gaze turned cold. 
Why is he asking this all of a sudden? What a party pooper. And to think we finally got to share a meal. 
“Erm… I forgot. Why do you ask?” She threw the question back at him. 
“Oh, actually, I just went to the hospital for a checkup and the doctor commented that my stomach wasn’t well. Hence, he advised me to cut down on my drinking. Therefore, I just want to know what my threshold for drinking is so that I can set my limits.” Larry smiled on purpose. 
So, that’s why. Gabriella heaved a sigh of relief. 
Is she feeling sensitive about it? Or else, why does she look so nervous? It seems that’s the limit of her emotional capabilities. Larry sneered. 
“That day… I have really forgotten. I can only remember the table filled with bottles…” Gabriella commented half-heartedly. 
It doesn’t matter how many bottles there are. The more he drank the more drunk he became. Who knows how many bottles there really were? Gabriella continued to eat her steak. 
Meanwhile… 
“Joan, are you hungry? Do you want to have dinner?” Dustin patted her on the shoulder. 
“How can we eat? Can’t you see how much work there is? Besides, why did you give them the day off? Now, only both of us are left here doing the work. We still need to wait for the goods to arrive…” Joan complained.
Dustin laughed in response. 
Given that she was in the mood to argue with him, it meant that she had forgotten about Larry, at least for now. 
“If you really feel tired, you should take a break. After all, I didn’t ask you to come,” Dustin mumbled. 
It was true that he didn’t do so. However, she couldn’t bear to see him do everything while she did nothing at all. 
In the end, she was still a loyal friend. 
“Stop talking to me. I have no time for jokes.” Joan gently pounded her own shoulders. 
Dustin smiled at her as this was his plan after all. He had wanted to exhaust her with work so that she wouldn’t be able to think of that fool, Larry. 
However, both of them didn’t expect to run into the very people they didn’t want to meet, doing something they didn’t want to see in such a large city. 
“Joan, are you alright? Let’s just go.” Just as he spoke, Dustin pulled her away. 
“I’m not leaving!” Joan shoved his hand away as her eyes glared at the restaurant nearby. 
Both of them were smiling happily. Larry looked chivalrous while Gabriella was dressed to the nines. Furthermore, there was no one around, creating a quiet and romantic atmosphere for them.
###Chapter 1998
Chapter 1998 
From the looks of it, they really looked compatible with each other. 
Tears welled up in Joan’s eyes. 
Liar! You big fat liar! Despite saying till death do us part and declaring to love me forever, you have begun dating Gabriella before we have even completed our divorce. Are you that desperate? 
Joan sniffled as she tried to calm herself down. 
“Alright, stop watching. Let’s go home.” Dustin hugged her tightly. 
He was aware of how sad she felt. Even though she had initiated the divorce, she was still devastated by what she saw. 
“Dustin, I wasn’t seeing things, was I?” Joan suddenly asked. 
How am I to answer her? Dustin hesitated for a moment before choosing to remain silent. 
“Come, let’s go home.” She dragged Dustin to leave. 
Back in the restaurant, Larry wasn’t aware of what was going on outside. His focus was on trying to get more information from Gabriella. 
The matter has to be resolved sooner or later. 
“Lars, what’s wrong with you today? Why do you keep asking me strange questions?” Gabriella probed. 
Did he notice something? That shouldn’t be the case. My plan was water-tight.
Larry stared at Gabriella inquisitively. His first few questions were elementary and didn’t yield much information. But his final question was the key to revealing everything. Although he still needed to validate it. 
“Gabriella, do you still remember the scar by my back? Recently, I cut myself with something sharp, causing the wound to split open. Therefore, I need to apply some medication on it. As Joan has been ignoring me and pestering me for a divorce, I wonder if you could…” 
“I can. Not a problem at all,” Gabriella exclaimed quickly. 
“Do you still remember the scar?” Larry let out a mischievous smile. 
“I do. How can I forget? That night, I even stroked it for a long time as it pained my heart to see it,” Gabriella murmured shyly. 
At that moment, Larry knew the truth. 
There is no scar on my back at all. So how can she even remember it so vividly? 
I guess it must be another man that she remembers. 
Larry snorted. 
Ring! Ring! 
When Larry saw who was calling, he quickly answered. 
“Alright, I understand. Hmm…” 
“Gabriella, there’s something at work I need to deal with so I have to take my leave. Do you want me to send you or are you fine going home yourself?” Larry asked softly.
After all, he had to make sure his act was perfect. Or else, she would definitely suspect something given her intelligence. 
“Lars, you should go on ahead. I’m fine by myself,” Gabriella replied with a smile. 
“Alright.” Larry turned and left. 
“Hey, Lars, come over to my place tonight after you finish your work. I’ll help you apply your medication.” 
Larry left without a response. 
Women really love to make assumptions. 
“Hey, Larry, what’s wrong with you today? Why are you drinking so much liquor?” Ms. Young looked at him with concern. 
Should I call Joan? Delilah took out her phone and started making the call. 
“No, Ms. Young, don’t call her.” Larry snatched her phone away. 
He really is a loyal man, but why is he doing this? Delilah shook her head and sighed. 
Forget it, I’ll just let him be. 
For the whole night, Larry sat at the table drinking while Delilah watched him from the sofa, just in case anything happened. The situation continued until he fell asleep, sprawled on the table. 
The next day, sunlight shone through the windows and brought with it a gentle warmth. Larry rubbed his eyes and stretched himself.
“Are you awake?” Delilah anxiously asked. 
“Ms. Young, you’re up early.” Larry yawned. 
“What do you mean up early? I stayed up the whole night,” Delilah grumbled. 
Initially, she assumed she could sleep once he had passed out from drinking too much. But he ended up shouting Joan’s name the whole night instead.
###Chapter 1999
Chapter 1999 
“By the way, Ms. Young. What did I do last night?” Larry looked at her in anticipation. 
What sort of question is that? Delilah looked at him quizzically. For a drunk man who could barely walk, what else can you do? 
“You didn’t do anything other than yelling Joan’s name,” Delilah plainly replied. 
Suddenly, Larry’s gaze darkened. 
“What else? Didn’t I do anything else? Such as standing up, returning to my room, or even going to the toilet?” 
What a joke. You barely had any strength. How can you even go back to your own room? 
“No, you didn’t do anything at all. All you did was sprawl on the table, sleeping. You didn’t even have any energy left.” 
So that’s how it was! At that moment, Larry’s eyes lit up. 
In that case, nothing happened between Gabriella and me that night. However, I still need evidence to prove it. A cold glint flashed in Larry’s eyes. 
When he realized he could finally explain himself to Joan, a triumphant smile emerged on his face. 
“Hey, Ms. Young, where’s Joan? Has she gone to work?” 
“She didn’t come home last night. She said she was busy with something.” 
Didn’t return for the night? Suddenly, sadness filled his eyes.
Is she together with Dustin? Has she really fallen for him? Larry clenched his fists as his eyes burned with rage. 
“Alright, you should go home now and rest. After pulling an all-nighter, you deserve some good rest.” Dustin gently patted Joan on the shoulder. 
“Alright, you be careful too. Bye!” Joan waved. 
Before she came in, Larry heard their conversation outside. 
Just as expected, they were together last night. 
“I’m back,” Joan exclaimed the moment she entered the house. 
“Where did you go?” Larry asked coldly. 
Looking at the face she hadn’t seen in a while, all Joan felt was sadness. Not wanting to engage him, she quickly entered her room. 
“Work,” she declared loudly before slamming the door shut. 
Do you take me for a fool? To believe that you’ve been working at the supermarket for the whole night together with him? Suddenly, Larry was filled with rage. 
Bam! He forcefully kicked the door open causing Joan to open her eyes in fright. 
“Joan, what did you do last night? Who were you with? Was it Dustin again?” Larry demanded angrily. 
Is he mad? He doesn’t have the right to question me at all! 
“Larry, I’m really tired now. Whatever it is, let’s talk later.” Joan covered herself with her blanket.
Suddenly, Larry jumped onto her. 
“What are you trying to do?” She glared at him, shocked by his reaction. 
“Do you not love me anymore? Have you fallen in love with Dustin?” Larry grabbed her arms in rage. 
What a joke! If I were interested in Dustin, I would have fallen for him a long time ago. Isn’t it strange for him to feel jealous? 
“I…” 
Suddenly, Larry gave Joan’s sexy lips a kiss. He did it so forcefully and unforgivingly. Joan struggled to push him away but her efforts were futile. 
How long has it been since I last kissed her? 
Despite the familiar scent, he felt she was different this time. 
Slap! 
A slap landed on Larry’s face. 
It was followed by Joan’s furious glare. 
“Larry, scram!” With a forceful push, she shoved him aside. 
What is he trying to do? How dare he kiss me after sleeping with Gabriella? 
This is despicable and terribly unbecoming of him! 
“Joan, I…” Suddenly, Larry was stumped.
###Chapter 2000
Chapter 2000 
Before he could finish, Joan had left for the garden. 
“Mom, what’s wrong?” Lucius yelled aloud. 
“Oh, isn’t it time for school?” Joan knelt and tousled his hair. 
“It’s the weekend today. Have you forgotten?” Lucius gave Joan a quizzical look as if he sensed something was wrong. 
“Oh, I forgot as I’ve been very busy recently. Come, let’s go to the garden to see Grandma.” 
“What about Dad?” 
Suddenly, Joan’s gaze darkened. Soon, he will no longer be your dad. 
“He still has a lot of work in the office. Let’s go on without him.” Just as she spoke, Joan led Lucius away. 
Left alone in the house, Larry began to regret his actions. 
Was I being too impulsive just now? 
He knew that Joan resented such advances. However, he still committed the mistake nonetheless. 
“Grandma!” Lucius yelled loudly in the garden. 
“Hey, why are you here?” Delilah sounded delighted. 
“Oh, has Larry drank the soup to cure his hangover?” Delilah asked Joan.
He was drinking? Joan furrowed her eyebrows slightly. 
“Last night, he downed a lot of liquor. I wanted to call you but he stopped me. In the end, he fell asleep at the table.” 
At that moment, Joan’s felt a wrenching pain in his heart. 
Foolish man. Does he think he can drink his problems away and not let me know? Joan’s eyes were suddenly filled with sadness. 
“Mom, look, the flower is withering…” 
“Larry, are you alright?” Caspian asked in concern. 
The only thing that filled his mind right then was Joan’s face. 
“Go on out first. I need to be alone for a while.” Larry felt a throbbing pain in his head as he massaged his temple. 
The scar and his state of drunkenness were enough to prove that nothing happened between Gabriella and him. However, the security footage is lost. Larry’s gaze darkened. 
“Joan, if you feel troubled, why don’t you go travel to ease your mind.” Delilah gave Joan a concerned look. 
“Really? Grandma, can we go overseas?” Lucius blinked as he looked at both women curiously. 
Ever since he was born, he had never left the village, let alone the country. When she saw how enthusiastic and anxious Lucius looked, Joan smiled faintly. 
“Tell me, do you want to travel overseas?” She knelt down and looked at him intently.
“Mmm-hmm.” Lucius nodded with conviction. 
“Alright, once I have settled my work at the supermarket, I’ll take you overseas, alright?” Joan tousled his hair. 
“Hurray! I’m going to travel!” At that moment, Lucius jumped in joy. 
Actually, there was no need for her to deal with work as Dustin was around. All she needed to do was to take leave from him before she left. 
“Oh? You’re going overseas?” Dustin leaned by her ear and asked softly. 
Does this mean she wants to forget everything? 
“That’s right. I want to take Lucius to travel,” Joan replied with an awkward expression. 
She didn’t want to see Larry for the time being as she wanted to avoid being dragged into his problem with Gabriella. All she wanted right then was for him to sign the divorce agreement. 
“I want to go too,” Dustin suddenly suggested. 
Joan was stunned. 
What are you going for? It’s not like you have any emotional problems to run away from. Furthermore, the supermarket is very busy recently. How can it function without you? Joan gave him an inquisitive look. 
“What is it? Do you not want me there? Fine, forget it. I was even thinking of helping you guys carry your luggage.” Dustin made a pitiful and helpless face. 
“Mr. Dustin, are you really coming together with us?” Suddenly, Lucius ran out and asked loudly.
It’s not a bad idea for him to help carry our luggage, although he isn’t as handsome as Dad. Thereafter, a mischievous smile emerged on Lucius’ face.

###Chapter 2001
Chapter 2001 
“What’s the matter? Do you want me to go together with you?” Dustin asked as he stroked Lucius’s head. 
“Of course. I haven’t seen you for a long time now.” 
The man glanced at Joan as he grinned with delight. Dustin never thought that the little boy would speak favorably of him. 
“Come on, Lucius. He’s busy.” Joan tugged the child over to her side. 
“Huh? Are you really busy?” The child turned around and looked at Dustin, who stood not far away. 
“I’m not busy at all,” the man responded immediately. 
Suddenly, Joan blushed in embarrassment. 
What’s wrong with this boy? He used to dislike Dustin, so why the sudden change now? 
Dustin was curious about that too. 
Only Lucius knew the real reason for that. He wanted nothing more than a favor from Dustin. 
“Alright. I’ll go and book a plane ticket then.” Having said that, the man turned and left. 
Joan watched helplessly at the retreating figure. 
Meanwhile, Gabriella, who was in the living room, exclaimed with a displeased look on her face. “What? She’s going abroad? With that child?” 
What is that b*tch up to again?
“Ms. Ward…” the man hesitated and stopped himself. 
“Follow her at all times and be on standby,” the woman snarled. 
Now that she’s abroad, it’s a good chance for me. The woman clenched her fists tightly, and pure hatred flashed across her face. 
Not long after, the trio landed safely abroad. Delilah did not join them as she was preoccupied with something. Lucius, on the other hand, was boisterous throughout the journey. 
At that time, Larry was standing by the window and waited for Joan’s return. 
Two hours went by, but there was still no sign of her. He kept glancing at his watch anxiously until the moon and stars shone brightly in the sky. 
Not being able to hold back anymore, he took out his phone and called her, but he could not get through because she had switched off her phone. 
“Ms. Young, why isn’t Joan home yet? Is she working overtime again?” the man asked with a tone of worry. 
“She left the country, and she took Lucius with her,” Delilah answered. 
When did this happen? Why did no one tell me this? 
“Why did she leave?” 
“Oh, that. Lucius has never been abroad before, so Joan brought him along for the trip,” Delilah replied nonchalantly. 
Why didn’t she tell me? And why didn’t she invite me along? In that instant, his eyes dimmed. Is there no way to go back to the way we were before? Can’t she wait a little longer? Just a little longer for me
to find out the truth. 
“I don’t want to be involved in the private matter between you and Joan. But I treat Joan as my own daughter, and I hope that you can make her happy in any possible way,” Delilah said. Sometimes letting go is better than holding on. Delilah carefully examined Larry who was standing in front of her. 
Larry knew what she meant, but he just couldn’t let go. He and Joan had gone through thick and thin together, so why should they give up now? Just because Gabriella is pregnant? But that’s not my baby! 
“There’s something I want to explain, Ms. Young. I do admit that I was at the bar that day…” Larry said in a low voice. 
He believed that Delilah would choose to stand by his side if he explained himself. 
True enough, she did. 
“Why didn’t you say so earlier? Joan thought that the woman is carrying your child,” Delilah chided as she patted him on his shoulder. 
Am I really that old now? I can never understand how young people think nowadays. 
“What I’m trying to say is that Joan has been ignoring me lately. Besides, I can’t prove myself now…” Larry said with a wince. 
What a silly man. 
What is love? Love is trusting one another unconditionally. Isn’t Joan that kind of person? Delilah shook her head and sighed. 
But this ain’t too bad, either. Let it be a lesson for him. Nothing good ever comes from going to a bar.
###Chapter 2002
Chapter 2002 
Ring! Ring! 
Delilah quickly picked up her phone after looking at the caller ID. 
“We’re here, Grandma. It’s beautiful here. You have to come here when you have the time…” Lucius shouted excitedly into the phone. 
Larry, who was next to Delilah, could hear the phone conversation clearly. 
“Alright. Be careful, you hear?” Delilah replied. 
“Don’t worry, Ms. Young. I’ll look after them.” Suddenly, Larry heard a familiar male voice through the phone before the call ended. 
The fact that Dustin was there infuriated Larry. 
Why must she be together with Dustin? Why is that scumbag there? Larry clenched his fists as his scowl deepened. 
“Don’t think too much of it. Lucius wanted Dustin to be there to help with the bags,” Delilah gently patted his shoulder. 
But that’s not what Dustin had in mind. Joan is mad at me right now, and if that man takes this as an opportunity to get close to her… Larry’s expression grew grim. 
Delilah read his thoughts and stifled a laugh before she left quietly. 
Let the couple sort out the problem themselves. When there’s a will, there’s a way.
Meanwhile, at the beach. Joan hollered, “Slow down, Lucius!” 
“Come on, Mr. Dustin! Catch up!” the child shouted. 
Affected by the young child’s infectious excitement, Dustin played along with him. 
Birds of a feather flock together. Dustin continued to stick around even though Joan had turned him down. 
“Stop running!” Dustin shouted while he chased after Lucius. 
“Come on, Mr. Dustin. Come and catch me!” 
Both man and child were having fun running and chasing each other upon the shore. 
Joan, who was sitting not far away, watched them and a smile tugged on her lips. She’s happy as long as the child was happy. 
In fact, as she pondered, she realized that Dustin was marriage material. If she had not set foot back in the country in the beginning, and if she had not turned down Dustin when he professed his love for her, then things wouldn’t turn out to be this bad. 
Joan lowered her head and looked glum. 
“Come and join us, Mom!” Not far away, Lucius shouted excitedly. 
“Alright. Coming!” Joan quickly got up and hurried over. 
Once Joan had joined them, they had fun chasing each other along the shoreline. 
“You’re quite nice actually, Mr. Dustin,” Lucius suddenly said.
As though he had just received great news, a gleeful smile appeared on Dustin’s face. The child used to think that Larry was the best man in the whole world. But now, it seemed that he and the man in front of him were getting along better than before. 
“Hello, I’m sorry to interrupt. But can you do me a favor?” All of a sudden, a woman appeared in front of them. 
“How can we help you?” Lucius leaned forward and asked her. 
Since when did he become this nice? He must be smitten by this pretty woman. Dustin grinned amusingly at Lucius’ friendliness. 
“So, we’re actually in the middle of a poster campaign to promote family vacation at the beach…” 
It turned out that the woman wanted to work together with them to shoot a poster campaign. Joan hesitated. After all, Dustin was not the child’s father. Furthermore, Larry would be upset if he were to know about this. 
“Are you okay with that, madam?” the woman asked politely. 
“Yes, of course!” Lucius answered loudly. 
Oh, this child just agrees without even thinking about it! At that moment, Joan was put on the spot and blushed in embarrassment. Of course, Dustin knew what she was thinking, but he kept quiet. He respected Joan’s choice, regardless of the outcome. 
“Let’s go, Mom. Look at how beautiful it is.” Lucius said as he pointed to the sea. 
It’s beautiful, indeed. It’s just that we’re here at the wrong time and with the wrong person.
“We’re finally here at the beach. Come on, Mom.” The child persuaded as he shook Joan’s arm to catch her attention. 
“Alright. Let’s go.” After a long while, she finally agreed.
###Chapter 2003
Chapter 2003 
The three of them arrived at the studio together. 
“Come with me, let’s get you all ready. You’ll have to change into a bikini…” the staff guided Joan to the changing room. 
All of a sudden, Joan blushed at the sight of the bikini laid out for her. 
“There’s no need to be shy. Relax, it’ll be over soon. Besides, nowadays people are more open to this kind of swimwear,” the staff prompted. 
Soon, the three of them changed into their respective swimwear and began shooting. 
“That’s it. Mr., please place your arm around your wife’s shoulder. Stand closer to each other. A little closer.” 
“Good. Turn a little to your left. Mr., look at your wife lovingly. Yes, that’s good…” 
At that time, Lucius was so engrossed as he posed happily in front of the camera. He was totally unaware of how uncomfortable Joan was. 
“Okay. This is the last shot. Mister, please place both of your hands on your wife’s cheeks. Now, press your foreheads together…” 
Both Joan and Dustin grew even more uncomfortable and embarrassed. After all, Joan was a married woman. 
“Come on, don’t be shy. We are all open now in this day and age. Even married female celebrities are fine with kissing scenes.”
“Come, I’ll help you.” As he said that, one of the staff in front of him walked over to them. 
With the staff’s guidance, both of them stood so close until they were nearly pressed together. Just then, not only Joan was embarrassed, but Dustin’s face was flushed as well. 
“Okay. Let’s begin…” 
Finally, after what seems like forever, they completed the shooting for the poster campaign. At that time, there was a trace of sadness in Joan’s eyes. 
What will Larry think of this when he comes to know about it? Will he be jealous? Forget it. Why am I still thinking about him? We’re about to be divorced soon anyway. Joan shook her head and sighed. 
“Oh, look! Your shots came out really well! You guys look like a happy family.” A woman came over and sang praises. 
A family? We’re definitely not a family! 
“We’re not a family,” Joan said politely. 
In an instant, the eyes of the woman dimmed, and she quietly backed off. 
It was better to stay quiet than to continue on the embarrassing topic. 
“It turns out that they are not a family. Are you guys sure it’s okay to shoot like this? Will it…” the woman muttered. 
“Take a look at this photo. His eyes are full of adoration for the woman. I’m pretty sure they’ll become a family soon. Don’t worry about it. They’re probably in the middle of a lovers’ spat.” 
But Dustin had overheard the exchange between the woman and Joan.
She wasn’t going to have a second husband in her life. A cold glint flashed across Dustin’s eyes. 
“Mr. Dustin, do you like my Mom?” Suddenly, Lucius came running to him and blurted out that question. 
Why is he being so direct? Dustin tapped lightly on the child’s forehead and smiled at him. 
“Do you even know what it means by liking somebody?” 
The child pouted, showing his displeasure. 
“I know. Dad says that when you like someone, you’ll think about her every day. You will miss her, and you will want to protect her and take care of her.” 
Dustin was astonished by Lucius’s remark. 
“I’ll like whoever who treats my Mom well,” the child uttered sensibly. 
Dustin studied the child in front of him and thought to himself. He’s really matured for someone his age. 
Meanwhile, back in the office. “What’s happening?” 
“I don’t know. Is Mr. Norton fighting with Mrs. Norton? Will they be getting a divorce?” 
“Nonsense. They have a great relationship.” 
A few colleagues were chattering away, and they were completely unaware that there was a silent figure behind them. 
“Do you think Larry is being cheated on?” 
In an instant, the air in the room stilled.
The figure behind them gradually moved to the front. It was none other than Larry, and his face was grim. 
“Give it to me,” the man commanded. 
The female colleague handed him the phone. 
All of a sudden, a cold light flashed across Larry’s eyes. 
On the screen of the phone, it was a poster of Joan, Dustin, and Lucius. They looked like a family in the poster photo. Joan was smiling shyly at the camera, and Dustin had a big grin on his face. Lucius looked the happiest among them.
###Chapter 2004
Chapter 2004 
Bang! Larry slammed the phone down on the table and left. 
All the staff looked at each other and fell silent. 
Larry stood by the window and balled his fists so tightly that his nails were digging into the skin of his palms. 
“Larry!” Caspian panted as he came rushing in without even knocking on the door. 
“Joan…” Caspian hesitated as he didn’t quite know what to say. 
What’s wrong with her? She’s happy! She looks happy when she’s with that man. Misery flitted across Larry’s eyes. 
There was nothing between himself and Gabriella, so why won’t she believe him? In that instant, he felt so hurt that it felt like a stabbing pain in his heart. 
There was only one woman he loved, and that was Joan. He had never touched another woman other than her, but she wouldn’t believe him. How could she get herself involved in a family poster shot with Dustin and Lucius? 
What a joke! That’s the love of his life, the woman he loved for many years. 
“She must have her reasons for doing that, Larry. Let’s wait for her to return, and we’ll…” 
“No,” Larry interrupted Caspian. 
There’s no need for that.
Anyway, she went ahead with the family poster shot without having any consideration for his feelings. There was nothing for her to explain. Besides, she looked happy on the family poster. 
In that instant, deep sadness pasted on Caspian’s face. 
Is their relationship coming to an end? Just like Nancy and myself. 
He had been a witness since the start of Larry and Joan’s romantic relationship. Like any other couple, they had gone through highs and lows, from quarreling to making up. But now, they were like strangers to each other. 
Caspian let out a long sigh and left the office. After pondering for a long time, he decided to give Joan a call. 
Ring! Ring! Ring! 
Joan glanced at her phone and saw that it was Caspian. 
“When are you coming back, Joan?” Caspian asked anxiously. 
“In a few days. I’m having a getaway trip with Lucius…” Joan explained. 
But she had no idea that the poster had already been circulating in her homeland. 
“I suggest you come home soon, Joan. About Larry and Gabriella, it’s not what you think. But it’s not that simple, either. I promise you, there’s nothing between him and Gabriella,” Caspian vowed confidently. 
Joan hesitated for a while. Why is Caspian calling me? Shouldn’t it be Larry calling me instead? Why Caspian? Is he avoiding me? Or is it because he has nothing to say to me? 
Joan clenched her fists and snorted inwardly.
“Caspian, this is between Larry and me. You don’t have to worry about it. Also, Larry is not feeling too well lately. So, please take care of him.” After saying that, Joan hung up the phone. 
She knows that Larry is not feeling too well, and she knows that Larry needs someone to care for him. So why isn’t she here to take care of him herself? Why is she away and did the poster shoot with Dustin? How is Larry going to deal with these so-called rumors? 
Caspian’s brow knitted. 
Ring! Ring! Ring! 
Larry looked at his phone and ignored the incoming call. 
Meanwhile, on the other side of the phone, Gabriella’s eyes narrowed into a steely glare. 
Why isn’t he answering my call? Joan is no longer around, so what is he still busy with? It’s obviously after work hours. Gabriella made another call to him. 
Larry, who was annoyed by the constant ringing of his phone, turned off the phone and threw it on the sofa. Then, he rested his head on his arms at the table. 
I’m sick and tired of all these. 
He was not only physically tired, but he was also mentally drained to the brink of exhaustion. 
Larry had never been so heartbroken until now. It only made matters worse when he saw the poster of Joan, Dustin, and Lucius together.
###Chapter 2005
Chapter 2005 
Knock… Knock… Knock… 
For a long time, the assistant knocked on Larry’s door but didn’t get any response. 
“There’s a meeting shortly, Mr. Norton. Do you want to reschedule?” the assistant asked carefully. 
She had seen his reaction when he overheard the chatterings of his employees earlier on. She knew that Larry would be feeling dejected, so she came into his office to check on him. 
“Reschedule it. Cancel all of today’s meetings,” Larry said in a low voice as he rested his head on the table. 
At that moment, his eyes were bloodshot and he looked haggard. The assistant started to worry. 
“Larry, are you alright?” the assistant asked tentatively. 
She had never seen him so disheartened before. Even when Norton Corporation was being acquired some time ago, he was never this despondent. But now… 
He must really love Joan, too bad… The assistant’s expression turned grim. 
“Get me some flu medication.” Larry lifted his head up and said. 
“Right away.” The assistant ran out of the office immediately. 
“Lars!” 
As soon as the assistant went out, the despicable woman came rushing in. Larry felt his head throbbing.
“Why are you here?” Larry asked coldly in a weak voice. 
Why am I here? We’ll be getting married soon anyway, so we might as well lay some groundwork now. A scheming smile crept onto Gabriella’s lips. 
“I’m here to check on you. You didn’t answer your phone when I called you, so I thought something must have happened to you,” Gabriella said as she slowly walked up to him and gave him her most charming smile. 
But Larry was dreadfully turned off. 
“I’m fine. You can leave now,” Larry replied straightforwardly. 
Her absence was better than anything else. 
“Lars, are you chasing me away? We’ll be living together soon anyway,” Gabriella snickered. 
Who wants to live with a malicious woman like her? 
“What’s wrong with you? Are you not feeling well? Come on, let’s go to the hospital.” Gabriella clung onto Larry and tugged him. 
There was utter silence outside of his office. 
“Don’t touch me. Get your filthy hands off me!” Larry roared. 
Just then, Gabriella stared at the man before her in disbelief. 
Damn him! Why is he still thinking about Joan? 
How ridiculous of him to be this lovesick! That woman has eloped with another man.
I should be grateful to you, Joan. Gabriella stared at him with fierce eyes. 
“Lars, have you seen the news today?” Gabriella deliberately asked in a low voice. 
Larry glared at the woman before him, and he knew what she wanted to say. 
“Get lost. You’ll be sorry if you show up in front of me again.” His outburst caused Gabriella to tremble, and she stumbled a few steps back. 
“I’ll leave now, Lars. Call me if you need anything.” With that, Gabriella rushed out of the office. 
When she came out of his office, the employees quickly dispersed and went back to their seats. She could tell that they were discussing among themselves about Larry and herself again. Nevertheless, Gabriella walked past them proudly with a haughty look on her face. 
“What’s going on? Why is Gabriella getting so close to Mr. Norton recently?” 
“I don’t know. But something doesn’t seem right. And Mrs. Norton hasn’t come to the office recently.” 
“Gosh, it can’t be! Gabriella is the homewrecker?” 
Just then, everyone was shocked to the core. The women went back to their seats with inconceivable expressions on their faces. 
To them, this was a terrible conjuncture. From their point of view, Larry was a man with a successful career and a perfect gentleman. How could he possibly be involved with another woman, let alone someone like Gabriella? 
“Mr. Norton!” The assistant rushed into his office with the medicine in hand.
###Chapter 2006
Chapter 2006 
At that moment, Larry broke out in cold sweat. His worried assistant quickly retrieved a piece of tissue and wiped his forehead with it. 
“Are you alright, Larry? Do you want to go to the hospital?” the assistant asked with genuine concern. 
Larry had always been a strong person in her eyes, so she was clearly distressed when she saw that he had fallen seriously ill. 
After all, Larry was an ordinary man too. His assistant sighed while she poured him a glass of water. She had been working with him for so many years, so she naturally knew his temperament well. For Larry to become so weak, it had definitely got to do with Joan. 
“From now on, don’t let Gabriella into my office. Send her away if she ever comes here again,” Larry snarled. 
“Understood,” his assistant replied. 
Meanwhile, Gabriella’s phone rang. Ring, ring, ring… 
“How is it?” Gabriella squinted and looked out of the window. 
“They’ll be back soon,” the man on the phone replied. 
I’m not going to let her return so easily. Gabriella sneered. 
“Fine. Make a move and show no mercy. I’ll transfer the money to you once it’s done,” With that, the vicious-looking Gabriella hung up.
Her last statement couldn’t be more obvious. The man watched as Joan and Lucius played not far away from him. A cold glint flashed across his eyes. 
What a woman! The man let out a sigh. Too bad she’s a victim to a cruel tyrant. 
“Mom, I’m going to the washroom for a while. Wait here for me,” Lucius said loudly to Joan. 
“Alright, be careful,” Joan replied. 
At that time, Dustin was lying on a recliner as he watched both mother and son playing in front of him. He knew that Joan didn’t like it when others mistook them as a family. Therefore, he tried to keep his distance. He respected all of her decisions. 
Suddenly, his phone rang. Ring! Ring! Ring! 
“Mr. Silverman, when are you coming back? Mr. Norton is not feeling well, and there are a few things that require your attention.” Larry’s assistant said softly into the phone, and there was a hint of anxiety in her tone. 
He’s sick? Dustin suddenly frowned. 
What does that have to do with me? Dustin quickly resumed a composed expression. 
Ever since he joined Norton Corporation, he was inspired to take over the entire Norton Corporation. He wanted to defeat Larry and to make him disappear once and for all. 
Damn it! Dustin clenched his fists as he got up and walked to the side. 
“I won’t have the time to deal with the things in office…” 
Suddenly, he heard a woman’s piercing loud shriek.
Dustin quickly turned around, but Joan was nowhere to be seen. 
“Joan?” he called out tentatively. 
However, there was no sign of her anywhere. 
Oh crap! 
Dustin ran around in circles, trying to search for her, but there was no trace of her at all. 
“Where’s my Mom, Mr. Dustin?” Lucius, who just got back from the washroom, asked in confusion. 
“She…” Dustin hesitated and stopped himself. 
How am I going to tell him about Joan’s disappearance? He’s just a child. I can’t tell him that! 
“Why don’t you go to the security room and wait, Lucius? Your mother and I need to deal with something, so it’s better for you to wait in the security room. Don’t talk to strangers and don’t follow them. Do you hear me?” Dustin said sternly to the child. 
“What’s wrong, Mr. Dustin? Why do you look so worried? Why do I have to go to the security room? Where’s my mom?” the child asked. 
“Come on, be a good boy. I’ll take you there. Just wait for us in the security room.” 
After that, Dustin had a quick walk along the beach to look around, but he still couldn’t find Joan. 
Damn it! Who’s behind this? A cold glint flashed across Dustin’s eyes. 
“Excuse me, did you see a Chanaea woman with long hair around here?” 
“Nope.”
“I haven’t seen her.” 
“I don’t know.” 
He was given disappointing answers whenever he questioned passersby. None of them had seen Joan. At that moment, Dustin was about to lose his mind.
###Chapter 2007
Chapter 2007 
“Joan!” Dustin faced the sea and hollered. 
The people around him instantly turned to look at him as if he was crazy. 
“Is that man crazy? Why is he shouting in public?” 
“Must have gone mad. He was looking for someone just now…” 
In distress, Dustin held his head with both of his hands. His eyes were reddened with tears as he cried in agony. 
“Hey, Mister.” Suddenly, a little girl walked over to him. 
Dustin was not in the right mind to entertain the child. At that moment, all he could think of was Joan. 
“Mister.” The little girl tugged the edge of his shirt. 
“Go and play over there, little girl. I’m not in the mood to play with you,” Dustin said as he tried hard to rein in his emotions. 
If the little girl were an adult, he would have barked at her. 
“Are you looking for someone, mister?” the little girl asked softly. 
Instantly, Dustin’s eyes lit up. 
“Do you know where the woman has gone, little girl?” Dustin knelt to face the girl as he waited earnestly for her answer.
“She was taken by a man in a hat and a mask. They went that way,” the little girl pointed to a lighthouse that was not far away. 
“That man was rough to her,” the little girl said angrily. 
Instantly, Dustin stood up and ran like a madman towards the lighthouse. 
I hope nothing has happened to you, Joan. Dustin clenched his fist anxiously. 
Elsewhere, a hard slap landed on Joan’s cheek. 
Joan was woken up from the pain. She slowly opened her eyes and tried to find her bearings. When her vision cleared, she saw a terrifying stranger standing right in front of her. She felt weak and helpless. 
“Who are you?” she asked feebly as she squinted her eyes at the man. 
“Stop pretending to be so pathetic. I haven’t done anything to you yet.” The man gave her a hard kick. 
I’m not pretending. I really feel sick. She was in a foul mood last night and went for a walk alone on the beach to get some fresh air. She must have caught a cold from the cold wind. 
Come to think of it, seems like the whole world is against me. 
I must have done something bad in my past life to deserve to live such a difficult life. Joan sighed with a pained expression. 
“Hey, wake up!” The man splashed a bucket of water onto her. 
In that instant, Joan was jolted awake, and she shuddered from being splashed with water. 
“Tell me, where did you keep your money?” The man demanded as he hooked a finger under her chin.
Although Ms. Ward will pay me for getting rid of this woman, why not extort more money from this woman? The man scoffed to himself. 
Money will never be enough. And just like anyone else who is in a business, the ive is to achieve a twofold business profit. Of course, the man standing in front of Joan was no exception. 
“I don’t have any money,” Joan replied. 
Slap! The man’s palm landed squarely on Joan’s face. 
Damn b*tch! Just give me the money! The man lifted Joan and started to search her pockets. 
She doesn’t have any money! 
In his anger, the man threw Joan against the wall, and blood trickled down the end of her lips. 
“Let me go and I’ll give you the money.” Joan gasped as she struggled to get up to her feet. 
She staggered for a while and fell back to the ground. 
“That won’t do. I’ll give you a few hours to think about where you put your money.” Having said that, the man slammed the door shut and locked the door. 
In that instant, her surroundings became pitch black. 
“Where are you, Larry?” Joan murmured. 
Meanwhile, Larry was in his office flipping through some documents solemnly, but all he could think at that moment was Joan. 
Bam! He threw the documents onto the floor in exasperation.
###Chapter 2008
Chapter 2008 
The assistant who had been standing aside quickly placed the documents back on the table, a cautious expression on his face. Larry glanced disdainfully at the woman before him and continued to work. 
“Lars!” a woman outside the office screamed hysterically. 
Larry had informed the receptionist that Gabriella was persona non grata. She was now blocking Gabriella from entering the office. 
“Get out of my way! Don’t you know who I am? I’m Gabriella Ward!” 
Gabriella landed a hard slap on the receptionist’s cheek. 
The receptionist glared at her with rage burning in her eyes. 
“Ms. Ward, Mr. Norton gave specific orders that you were not to enter his office. I didn’t tell you this so you could leave with your dignity intact, but you’ve left me with no choice. You should leave,” the receptionist stated coldly. 
While she had but a handful of interactions with Gabriella, she could tell that Gabriella was an incredibly difficult person. She could also tell that Larry despised her very existence. 
“Nonsense! That’s a load of crap! Lars wouldn’t stop me from entering his office. I’m going to be his wife, and I’m pregnant with his child!” Gabriella shouted. 
All eyes turned to her at that moment. 
“Is she crazy? Mr. Norton’s been married for ages.” 
“Yea, how could she claim to be his fiancée? She’s delusional!”
“She’s definitely trying to sink her claws into Mr. Norton.” 
A few women began gossiping about the commotion. 
“I’m telling the truth! You’d do well to respect me, or I’ll screw all of you once I’m married to Larry!” Gabriella pointed menacingly at the gossips. 
“That’s creepy as hell. Let’s go!” 
“If she really becomes Mrs. Norton, I’m going to quit!” 
The gossips commented snidely. 
Gabriella had always been a temperamental woman. Her emotions had become even more unstable since her pregnancy. She lost her temper easily and frequently. 
Sometimes, Larry wondered if she might be mentally ill. 
“I’m really Larry’s fiancée. The baby in my belly is-” 
“Shut up!” A frosty bark reached Gabriella’s ears. 
“Lars, you’re finally here! This lady wouldn’t let me in to see you.” Gabriella rushed towards Larry and clung to his elbow. 
“Gabriella, what are you doing? I told them myself not to let you in. Do you have a problem with that?” Larry glared at her., clenching his fists in annoyance. 
Stupid man, why would he stop me from seeing him? Gabriella tried to rein in her emotions before she explained herself.
“Lars, I just wanted to see you. Are you still sick, or are you all better already?” She made a move to touch his forehead. 
Larry ducked to avoid her hand. 
“Why are you here to see me?” he asked indifferently. 
What other reason could she have other than to latch on to me and torment me? 
“We need to pick out a name for our baby.” Gabriella rubbed her stomach slyly. 
What a joke! Larry felt this patience running thin. When is she going to stop her delusional act? That kid’s not even mine! 
“I’m busy. You can pick a name yourself,” he replied coldly and turned to leave. 
“But Lars, it’s always better if both parents come up with the name together.” Gabriella pouted coyly. 
“Then I advise you to find the baby’s real father!” He shrugged off her hand. 
Gabriella froze in shock. 
Does he know? A chilling gaze appeared in her eyes. 
I’ve kept it under wraps for so long. How could he find out? She clenched her fists while her eyes burned with rage.
###Chapter 2009
Chapter 2009 
I guess his suspicions aren’t confirmed, or he wouldn’t allow me to stay here for this long! 
“How’s it going?” The fury in her eyes was palpable. 
“I found her,” the man on the other end of the phone answered. 
“I asked how things were going!” Gabriella shouted into the phone. 
This b*tch! Yelling at me even though I’m the one doing her dirty work. F*cking cold-blooded b*tch. No wonder she can order someone to be killed so frankly. He rubbed his jaw thoughtfully. 
“We’re on it. I just found the woman today, so I should be able to get it done soon.” He made up an excuse to placate Gabriella. 
I need to get the ransom before I get rid of Joan! 
“Fine, get it done ASAP. I’ll pay you double once she’s dead.” Gabriella hung up without waiting for his reply. 
His gaze seemed to brighten as he became excited at her promise. 
So this woman’s worth a pretty penny, eh? What a rarity. He laughed coldly. 
Search and rescue efforts for Joan were still ongoing. Lucius was pacing in the security room. “Mr. Dustin, where’s Mom? Why isn’t she here yet?” Lucius looked at Dustin curiously. 
Dustin was a bundle of nerves.
“Lucius, don’t worry. Everything’s fine. I’ll find your Mom. Don’t run around, ok?” Dustin addressed the boy before him earnestly. 
He didn’t want anything to happen to either Lucius or Joan. If he lost the boy before Joan was found, there would be hell to pay. 
“I want to find Mom too! She must have missed me,” Lucius walked out of the security room as he spoke. 
“Wait, Lucius!” Dustin ran forward to block his path. 
How is he going to find his Mom when he’s just a kid? 
“Lucius, I need you to stay here and behave, or your Mom will really be worried. Come here. Just wait in this room. I’ll look for your Mom with the cops.” Dustin carried him back into the security room. 
They’d scoured almost every possible location they could think of: the beach, convenience stores, toilets, and hotels. There was still no trace of Joan. Dustin clenched his fists in anxiety. 
The entry to the nearby lighthouse is also blocked, so she can’t be there either. 
Should I tell Larry? Dustin hesitated. 
No way, why should I tell him now, he’s going to divorce Joan! Dustin shook his head in an attempt to clear his mind. 
Just then, Joan finally came to. She was sprawled on the floor. 
She was surrounded by darkness. She couldn’t make out anything beyond the light streaming in from a window on the far wall. 
That’s my only hope!
Joan got up slowly and fumbled her way to the window. The window was far too high, and she couldn’t reach it. She turned and moved along the wall. 
“Ouch!” She almost tripped over something in the dark. 
It was a metal rod with a hook on one end. 
Suddenly, Joan’s lips curved up in a satisfied smile. 
This is my way out! She moved toward the window again. 
“Stupid b*tch! I can’t believe she took out her temper on me! F*ck, who does she think she is-” 
The voice of an unfamiliar man drifted into the room. Without a hint of hesitation, Joan placed the rod on the floor and assumed her original position on the floor. She shut her eyes. 
Bang! The door was kicked open forcefully. 
“Hey, get up!” He slapped her. 
She lay as still as she could and pretended to be unconscious. 
“Damn it, get up!” This time, he kicked her. 
Joan could only resist the pain so she wouldn’t give away her act. 
“F*ck, why is she unconscious? Useless woman. I haven’t gotten my money yet!” 
He left the room and slammed the door behind him. 
Joan immediately opened her eyes and listened carefully for his movements.
Thankfully, he seemed to have left.
###Chapter 2010
Chapter 2010 
She picked up the rod and stood beneath the window. She began plotting a viable escape path. 
She waited for ten minutes to make sure that her kidnapper was truly gone. Steeling herself, she picked up the rod and hooked it on one of the thin slants on the window. This window only had two thin slants, with a narrow gap in between. Joan would never have thought of escaping through the windows if not for her slender frame. 
“Ah!” She fell off the rod on her first attempt. 
She fell off the rod countless times. Each failed attempt chipped at her already limited stamina. 
She didn’t know how many times she’d failed before she finally managed to get up to the window. 
The window was really high. If she jumped from this height, she could fracture a good number of bones or even die. Yet lady luck seemed to be smiling upon her today. Instead of solid ground, there was a calm river before her. 
Not too far from the river was her kidnapper. He appeared to be gloating while he was picking berries. 
Splash! 
Joan jumped into the river before she could change her mind. 
Her kidnapper turned around at the sound. Perplexed, he surveyed his surroundings. 
I swore I heard something just now. But why isn’t there anyone here? He started swearing as he ate the berries he had picked. 
“F*ck! Dumb jerks and their stupid pranks!”
Joan was swimming frantically toward the other side of the river at that very moment. She wanted to find Dustin and Lucius as soon as possible. She fainted from exhaustion just as she pulled herself onto the riverbank. 
“Miss, wake up!” A man was shaking her by her elbows. 
I’m really tired. 
In the hospital, Joan lay on the bed with her eyes shut. She had been hooked up to an IV drip, and she looked utterly exhausted. It was raining cats and dogs outside the hospital, with frequent flashes of lightning and thunder. 
“What a poor woman. She’s covered in injuries,” the nurse sighed, shaking her head at Joan’s state. 
“Maybe she was abused.” 
A few curious onlookers had gathered in front of her bed to speculate on her condition, though they didn’t linger for long. 
“I need a family member to sign off on this!” the doctor shouted. 
No one came forward. The people crowding Joan’s bed were all strangers. 
“Or whoever brought her to the hospital?” The doctor sounded somewhat displeased. 
Joan opened her eyes at the loud and unfamiliar sounds. In her hazy state, she tried to figure out if she had escaped successfully. 
“Where am I?” she croaked weakly. 
“Don’t worry. You’re at the hospital,” a woman comforted her while she stroked Joan’s hair.
What a poor woman! 
Meanwhile, Gabriella was enjoying her coffee on the sofa in her living room. She flipped through a magazine with her right hand. 
Suddenly, the cup slipped from her grasp. 
Damn it! What’s wrong with me today? I almost fell down when I got off the bed, and then I choked at lunch. I can’t even enjoy a cup of coffee in peace. 
Ring! Ring! 
She immediately answered her phone when she saw the caller ID. 
“What did you say? She ran away? What did I hire you for, then? Go find her! You better find that damn woman even if you need to dig her out from her grave!” 
It was the fourteenth of September. Dustin was waiting patiently at Joan’s bedside. “Joan, wake up.” 
“Larry,” she mumbled in her sleep. 
Dustin’s gaze dimmed at her words. 
“Mom, why won’t you wake up?” Lucius shook Joan’s elbows gently. 
Still, there was no reaction from her. 
“Dr. Silverman, that was so careless of you. How could you let her jump from such a height? Do you know how dangerous that is?” one of the nurses chided. 
Luckily some of the staff in this hospital knew Dustin or he would still be looking in circles for Joan.
“How is she? Anything serious?” he asked urgently. 
“She suffered a lot of injuries. It’ll take time to heal,” the nurse answered. 
Dustin tightened his grip on Joan’s hands. His heart ached at her condition. 
Suddenly, Lucius left the ward and headed for the reception. Dustin didn’t realize that Lucius had left the room. All his attention was on Joan.
###Chapter 2011
Chapter 2011 
“Dad, Mom’s injured. Come quickly!” Lucius shouted anxiously. 
“What? Where is she? How is she?” Larry hurriedly asked. 
He thought with Dustin by her side, he would not need to worry about her. However, he had been proven wrong; she was in the hospital. 
“Don’t worry, Lucius. I’ll be right there.” With that said, the man rushed out of the office. 
Unbeknownst to him, Gabriella was waiting for him right outside his office. 
“Lars!” shouted Gabriella the moment she saw him. 
“Stop following me,” the man snapped. 
She knew where the man was going and what he was going to do. Nevertheless, that did not mean that she was going to admit defeat. 
Why does Joan get to have his love? Why can that b*tch get his attention? 
“Ouch! Lars!” The woman abruptly clutched her stomach as she sprawled on the ground, seemingly in immense pain. 
When Larry turned to look at her, he realized there was a puddle of blood under her. Several coworkers who saw the scene were startled. 
“Lars, send me to the hospital quickly!” Gabriella reached out toward the man. 
Damn it.
Larry could not pretend not to have seen it, so he ran over to lift her into his arms before heading toward his car. 
“Lars,” Gabriella mumbled with closed eyes. 
All of a sudden, the colors on her face drained, and she looked exhausted. When the man saw the state she was in, he was dumbfounded. 
Why is she suddenly in this way? Wasn’t she fine a moment ago? A grim look crept upon Larry’s face. 
“Doctor, please take a look at her.” Larry carried her into the hospital. 
“My God, what kind of husband are you? The pregnant lady’s already in this state. I can’t believe a man like you exists in this world.” 
“She’s right. Look at her. She’s in agony!” 
“Hear, hear. If the man was more attentive, there’s no way she’ll be in this state. What a douchebag.” 
The few patients aside were chattering away. However, they were all actors that Gabriella had hired for the day. She had guessed that Larry would leave the country to look for Joan, so she had been waiting for him outside his office, aiming to stop him. 
Joan, Joan. Let’s see if Larry’s more concerned about you or me. With that thought in mind, Gabriella narrowed her eyes as she clenched her fists. 
“Ms. Ward, are you okay?” the doctor asked with a smile. 
“I’m fine. Doctor, thanks for your help. The baby in me should be fine, right?” the woman worriedly asked as she rubbed her belly.
Everything was just a show that Gabriella had orchestrated. The poor Larry was still fooled; he was still pacing outside the ward nervously. 
No matter how capable a man was, it was impossible for him to master everything. In that case, Larry did not know much about pregnancies. 
“Ms. Ward, you can’t do this anymore. It’s very dangerous. I can lend you a helping hand this time, but next time…” the doctor trailed off. 
Gabriella knew that the doctor was already going against medical ethics just by helping her. However, she had no choice. For Larry, she would do everything. 
“Also, I have to remind you to take care of your emotions. You can’t agitate yourself too often and don’t ever do this again. Otherwise, you might really lose the baby in your stomach,” the doctor said solemnly to her. 
If you’re pregnant, you should take care of yourself and rest more while waiting for the baby to be born. I really don’t know why she’s tormenting herself and her baby. The doctor sighed. 
It’s fine. My dear baby, I’m sorry to make life difficult for you. Gabriella gently caressed her stomach as an apologetic look flashed past her face. 
The baby was nothing but a rope to bind her with Larry. If the man still left her, there was no point to keep the rope around.
###Chapter 2012
Chapter 2012 
After a long while, the doctor finally came back out. 
“What’s wrong? Doctor, is she fine?” Larry murmured. 
The doctor heaved a long sigh before shaking her head. 
“It’s best that you take good care of her. She’s having severe mood fluctuations, and that affects the baby in her. You should spend more time consoling her. After all, that’s a human in her.” As the doctor spoke, she somberly stared at the man in front of her. 
The doctor knew everything was just an act from Gabriella, but what she said was true as well. 
Gabriella had been having mood fluctuations the past few days, and she was easily agitated. It was impossible that the baby was not affected by Gabriella’s mental state. 
“All right, she’ll be staying in the hospital for the next few days. You should take care of her. It’s not easy for a woman to give birth to a child, so I hope you’ll be able to protect her well.” With that said, the doctor gently patted his shoulders. 
But what about Joan? Misery flitted across Larry’s eyes. 
After a while, the man opened the door and walked toward her bedside. 
By then, Gabriella was already asleep. Perhaps the words from the doctors upset her, so she had chosen sleep to forget about those words. 
Ding, ding, ding.
After a brief glance at the phone, Larry picked the phone up. Caspian’s voice traveled out of the speakers. “Larry, I’ve booked the ticket for the flight.” 
“Caspian…” Larry mumbled. 
A second later, he continued, “Find a good helper to take care of Gabriella in the hospital.” 
He did not know it, but Gabriella heard his words. 
That wench Joan is still in his heart! Gabriella could not help but gripped the bedsheets as she ground her teeth. 
“Lars, don’t go. Don’t leave me,” came Gabriella’s fake mumbles as she tossed and turned in her supposed sleep. 
A nurse, who knew nothing about the situation, questioned, “Hey, what are you doing? Can’t you hear that the patient’s calling for you? Why are you still on the phone instead of consoling her?” 
“Lars, don’t go. Please. I’m so scared. I’m so scared if anything happens to the baby. What if I die?” Gabriella continued mumbling with tears streaming down her face. 
Larry only quietly stared at her, slightly suspicious. 
Generally, he would not believe in any of her words. However, the sight of her bleeding in front of the office had shocked him to his core earlier. 
“I’ve found a helper. She’ll be here soon,” the man replied. 
“I don’t want a helper. Lars, I just want you. Don’t go. Stay with me, please.” The woman had a tight grip on his arm, and in her eyes was a pleading look.
“What kind of man is he? I can’t believe he’s trying to leave even when his wife is in this state. How irresponsible.” 
That’s right. He’s clearly a scumbag. What kind of husband would leave his wife in the hospital alone?” 
“I’d say she must have been blind to find a man like him as her husband.” 
The surrounding patient returned to their loud gossips. Meanwhile, when Gabriella heard them, glee surged in her chest. 
It seems like the money I’ve used to hire these actors hasn’t gone to waste. At the same time, a smug smile grew on the woman’s lips. 
She wanted to find out what the man would choose. Is he going to look for Joan overseas and have his reputation ruined, or will he stay here and take care of me until I’m discharged? 
“Gabriella, don’t be unreasonable. I have matters to settle. Since I’ve already found a helper to take care of you, I’ll be leaving now.” With that said, Larry stood up, about to leave. 
He was sick of hearing those things. Ever since he stepped into the hospital, he had been hearing the surrounding people gossip about him. In fact, he was starting to wonder if those people were doing it on purpose. 
“Lars, you can’t leave. What should I do if you’re gone?” Gabriella gazed at him, misery written all over her face. 
However, all Larry could think at that moment was Joan. He had yet to find out what happened to her. Whether she was hurt, or if she had woken up. 
Larry frowned, his hands clenching into fists.
###Chapter 2013
Chapter 2013 
“I’ll come back in a few days.” Then, the man pried her off. 
Damn you, Larry. How can you be so concerned for that witch? You don’t even care about me! 
“Ah!” 
All of a sudden, Gabriella fell off the bed. 
Everyone in the room froze. 
Then, the woman moaned in agony as she held her stomach. 
“What’s wrong with you? Your wife is already in pain. Where are you trying to go?” 
“She’s right. That baby in her is yours. How can you abandon her so ruthlessly?” 
“Is that man having an affair?” 
That question causes an uproar in the room, and everyone started whispering to each other about the possibility of his affair. 
Ignoring then, Larry hurriedly walked over to carry Gabriella back up on the bed before tucking her in. 
“What are you trying to do?” He glared at her. 
It had been a long while, and he finally knew what kind of woman she was. Everything was just part of her act. 
Damn it. I never thought you’d be as vicious as this, Gabriella. I can’t believe you’d risk the life of that baby in you. Larry’s scowl deepened.
“What are you talking about, Lars? I only want you to accompany me for a little longer. I was trying to send you off earlier, but I didn’t think that… Ugh.” Gabriella suddenly grabbed her stomach and scrunched up her face. 
Once again, the nurse walked over and commented, “You’re her husband; you shouldn’t do this. This is a crucial time of her pregnancy, so you should just heed her words.” 
Who’s her husband? Larry shot a glare at the nurse. 
“I’m not her husband,” he gritted out. 
However, the surrounding people were not surprised at his reply. 
Before coming to the hospital, Gabriella had already told them about the situation—if she managed to get Larry to become her husband, she would give them even more money. That was why those people were so dedicated to the act. 
“If you’re not her husband, then why did you impregnate her? Now that she has a baby, you should bear the responsibility,” the nurse hissed. 
At that moment, a sinister glint flashed in the eyes of the woman on the bed. 
Larry, you’d never guess that these are all my people, would you? The smugness in Gabriella’s eyes grew. 
Delilah was busying herself by tending to the garden. It seemed like she was in a good mood, but there was a hint of sadness in her eyes. It’s been some time since I’ve seen Joan and Lucius. 
Ding, ding, ding. 
Delilah hurriedly picked up her phone after briefly looking at it.
“What? Your mother’s hurt? When did that happen?” the woman questioned. 
Lucius called her because he wanted to find out why Larry had yet to visit Joan. 
It had been two days since he called Larry. As a child, he was naturally anxious about how his father had yet to visit his mother. 
“You mean, you called your father, but he hasn’t come to visit yet?” Delilah suspiciously asked. 
“Grandma, can you please find out what happened to Dad? Mom even calls for him in her sleep,” Lucius muttered, feeling distressed. 
A few minutes of chatting later, Delilah ended the call and left the garden. 
“I’m sorry, Mrs. Young. Mr. Norton is currently not in his office,” the receptionist politely answered. 
Where would he be? She frowned. Why is Larry dilly-dallying all of sudden? He used to prioritize Joan’s matters in the past. Why is he… 
“When will he be back, then?” Delilah asked. 
“Mrs. Young, is there something urgent? Is that why you’re looking for Mr. Norton? If my guess isn’t wrong, he should still be in the hospital,” the receptionist offered with a small smile. 
Delilah was not a stranger, and that was why the receptionist was willing to tell her about Larry’s whereabouts. 
Hearing the reply, the older woman instantly hailed a cab to head to the hospital. 
Why is he in the hospital? Is he sick?
In the meantime, Larry was standing by the windowsill, staring out of the window with dull eyes. Behind him, Gabriella seemed carefree. That’s right. I’m stopping you from going overseas. I’m going to keep you here! The grin on her face grew wider.
###Chapter 2014
Chapter 2014 
“Hello, is there a patient named Larry Norton here?” Delilah asked. 
“No, but we do have a man named Larry Norton who’s a family member of a patient here,” the nurse answered. 
A sense of dread came upon Delilah when she heard the nurse’s words. 
Ding, ding, ding. 
Larry picked up the call. 
“Ms. Young.” 
The two words caught Gabriella’s attention. 
“Where are you now?” came Delilah’s question. 
“I…” Larry hesitated. 
“Come outside. I have something to talk to you about.” With that said, she ended the call. 
At the start, she thought the receptionist’s words had been untrue. However, the moment she entered the hospital and asked the nurse about his whereabouts, she realized the receptionist had been speaking the truth. 
“Larry, do you know where Joan is at and what’s she doing right now?” Delilah fixed her cold gaze at him.
Of course, Larry knew, but there was nothing he could do about it. What if something actually happens to Gabriella when I leave? She’s already in such a terrible state. 
“Ms. Young, don’t be anxious. After these two days, I’ll definitely go overseas and visit Joan,” Larry explained. 
However, Delilah only walked closer to the man, her eyes filled with disdain for him. That was the first time she was disgusted with a man, and that was the first time she felt as apathetic toward Larry. 
“What are you doing here? Keeping Gabriella company?” Delilah gritted out. 
She could not figure out what this man was thinking about. Joan was his wife, yet the one he was concerned about was another woman. 
After a long silence, Delilah sighed and walked away. 
Staring at her retreating figure, Larry’s eyes dulled. 
“Lars!” Gabriella suddenly shouted. 
She knew who had come to look for him, and she was not surprised about that woman’s arrival. 
Dear Joan, you’ll never win, Gabriella thought as a cruel look entered her eyes. 
“Doctor, how is she? When will she be able to leave the hospital?” Larry asked. 
“Ms. Ward still needs some time to recuperate, so she might need to stay in the hospital for a while longer,” the doctor said. Then, she added, “She’s pregnant, so she should stay happy. Otherwise, it might affect the baby in her.” 
Ugh! Why does she have so many problems? The man gritted his teeth.
“Gabriella, I still have some matters to attend to, so I’m going to leave now. Take care of yourself.” At that, Larry turned to leave. 
“What are you going to do, Lars?” She looked at him with woeful eyes. 
What else am I going to do? I haven’t visited Joan even though something major happened to her. Instead, I’m here, accompanying you. 
“There are some things I have to attend to in the company,” the man responded. 
Just work? Gabriella was suspicious of his answer. However, it was true that he had not gone to the office for days. 
“Larry, then when are you going to come back?” Gabriella queried as she fluttered her lashes. 
Why should I come back? Should I come back to look at your ugly face? If not for you threatening me with death, why would I even be here? I must have committed some heinous act in my previous life to have met someone like her in this. 
“It depends. There are quite a lot of things I have to deal with in the office,” Larry drawled. 
What project can be so important to him? Gabriella blinked, and a thought entered her mind. 
Taking out her phone, she then sent out a text. The reply she had gotten affirmed Larry’s words—the Norton Corporation had been busy lately, and there was no one around to manage the company. 
“All right, then. Lars, after you’re done with your work, you have to come back here, okay?” Gabriella crooned. 
However, that only served to disgust Larry even more.
I have to find out who’s the father of that child. I can’t possibly be the scapegoat of this incident. The only one I’ll ever love is Joan.
###Chapter 2015
Chapter 2015 
Taking out his phone, the man then made a call. 
Ding, ding, ding. 
The phone on the table continued to ring. Joan was lying on the bed as she watched the scenery outside. She had not heard her phone at all. 
“Mom, your phone is ringing!” Lucius informed her loudly. 
“Oh. Turn it off. I’m tired, and I don’t feel like picking up the phone,” Joan murmured. 
When Lucius glanced at the screen, he hesitated. In the end, he took the phone and went out of the room. Joan’s face was still turned toward the window, so she did not notice Lucius’ action. 
“Hello? Dad, when are you going to come? Even Grandma came,” the boy hastily asked. 
“Listen to me, Lucius. Dad has a lot of things to do recently, but I’ll be able to come to you by today. Is your mother fine? How is she now? Did she eat regularly?” Larry worriedly inquired. 
“Don’t worry, Dad. Mom’s awake and fine. She’s just a little tired,” Lucius explained. 
Meanwhile, Joan, who was still in the ward, was tearing up. 
Even Delilah’s here, but Larry isn’t. It looks like he really doesn’t want me anymore. She balled her hands into fists as she hung her head. 
We used to be so close and sweet with each other. Why did things turn out this way? Melancholy flickered across her eyes.
“Dad, I think you’ve crossed the line. Mom’s already in the hospital for days, but there aren’t any signs of you. When she sleeps, she calls for you. Mom really misses you,” Lucius quietly said. 
Instantly, upset swarmed into Larry’s heart. 
I miss her too. From the moment she left the country until now. I dream of her every night I sleep. But whenever I think of how she’s with Dustin, and whenever I think of the poster they took together, I feel miserable. 
“I understand. I have a morning flight, so I’ll be able to reach your place in the afternoon. Don’t worry, Lucius. Do take care of Mom, okay?” 
After a brief while of chatting, they then hung up the call. 
Meanwhile, Delilah had been standing in the corner, listening to the boy’s call. She could only sigh. After collecting herself, she then stepped into the ward. 
It had been days, but not once did Joan mention Larry’s name. Similarly, Delilah herself dared not mention him. 
I’ll leave the matter of the marriage to them. After all, I should let the young couple solve the problem themselves. 
“Grandma, what’s the matter? Are you tired? I keep hearing you sigh recently,” Lucius wondered. 
I am tired. Joan’s hospitalized, but Larry is nowhere to be found. How can I not feel worried? In fact, Delilah was sorrowful. 
“Mom, Dad will be here soon,” the boy abruptly voiced. 
At that very moment, Joan’s eyes lit up.
“Lucius, when did you call him? Dad’s busy, so you shouldn’t be calling him,” Joan gravely uttered. 
“Mom, what’s the matter? You used to hope that Dad would be by your side when you were sick,” the boy muttered curiously. 
That was back then. It’s different now. 
It’s nearly the end of our marriage, but what can I do about it? At the end of the day, the baby in Gabriella’s stomach is his. That’s a fact. If we can continue to live as we used to, why would I ever choose to divorce him? 
In the afternoon on the fifteenth of September, Larry arrived. 
“Joan, how are you? Are you okay? Are you hurt?” Larry anxiously touched her head. 
Joan only sneered in response. Why is he here? Is he here to watch me make a fool of myself? 
“Why are you here? Don’t you have someone who needs you more back in the country?” Joan hissed. 
He’s only here after days. That means Gabriella must have been in the way. Gabriella was a woman who was vicious and cruel. As long as she wanted to get something, she would do anything to get it.
###Chapter 2016
Chapter 2016 
“Don’t say that, Joan. I really am worried about you,” Larry mumbled as guilt welled up in his eyes. 
At the scene, Delilah then led Lucius out of the room. 
At the end of the day, the two had to settle the issue themselves. 
Larry stared at her, but Joan had her face turned toward the window instead. Both were deep in their thoughts, and the atmosphere in the room was tense. 
“Can you please listen to my explanation? Things are not what you think they are. There really isn’t anything between Gabriella and me; I just can’t find the evidence to prove that yet,” Larry murmured. 
What a pitiful joke. He’s already done it with her, and he even has a baby in her now. How can he possibly deny his relationship with her now? At those thoughts, Joan tensed up. 
The Larry I know wouldn’t do this. He used to be bold and responsible. Why is he like this now? Why is he trying to avoid everything? 
Fatigue was her default state over the past few days. She did not want to be involved with Gabriella; all she wanted to do was spend the rest of her life peacefully. 
“All right, that’s enough. I’m tired, and I want to sleep now,” Joan mumbled as she lay down and closed her eyes. 
Larry could only look helplessly at her, feeling awkward about getting dismissed. He wanted to explain to her, but she refused to listen to him. 
A long while later, he stepped out of the room.
Ding, ding, ding. 
Larry looked at his phone and accepted the call. 
“Larry, we’ve found the guy, but…” Caspian trailed off. 
“But what?” Larry urged. 
“He won’t admit it,” Caspian responded in a disappointed tone. 
Those kinds of people were the worst; they refused to take responsibility for what they had done, and they would even blame someone else for it. This must be Gabriella’s plan. Who else would try to go up against me? 
After leaving the hospital, Larry sat down on a stone bench by the river and began smoking. In the past, he rarely smoked. However, ever since he had a fight with Joan, he started smoking several a day. 
When will you stop, Gabriella? The baby’s not mine, but you insist on claiming that I’ve done something to you that night. Do you really hate the sight of me being together with Joan? A cruel glint flashed past Larry’s eyes. 
“What’s wrong? Did you have a fight with him again?” Dustin asked he strolled into the room. 
However, Joan did not reply to him. All she did was stare at the falling leaves outside the window. 
“Here, Joan. Have some soup. The doctor said you’re recovering well, so we can go back to the country soon.” Dustin offered her a smile. 
Yet, returning to the country was no longer something Joan was interested in. She did not want to see that woman’s face, nor did she want to face that cruel woman.
Life only presented two choices; it was either this or that. Since I can’t go back, why should I still feel reluctant to leave everything behind? Joan looked away from the window to stare at her hands. 
Who doesn’t want a good life and a blissful family? As she gripped the bedsheets, tears welled up in her eyes. 
“All right, don’t overthink it. I’m still by your side. I’ll protect you, okay?” Dustin reassured. 
That’s right. I’m glad Dustin is still with me. If not for him, I might have died. 
Society was a complicated place. There were always people around who tried to set others up. However, there were also people who would give their complete trust to another and support them. 
“Mr. Dustin, you’re quite nice,” came Lucius’ voice as he abruptly entered the room. 
Sometimes, the boy spoke as if he was an adult. He was all but a mere boy, yet he seemed more mature than some adults. When Dustin first realized it, he was startled. 
“Lucius, what are you talking about? Mr. Dustin’s always been nice,” Joan hastily said. 
“Mom, you don’t understand what I’m trying to say. What I mean is that Mr. Dustin is a man we can rely on,” Lucius pointed out as he gave the man in front of him a once-over.
###Chapter 2017
Chapter 2017 
The boy knew the changes in Joan and Larry’s relationship. Lucius was a brilliant boy; there was no way he could not guess that they were fighting. In fact, he knew that there was a chance they might be separated in the near future. 
Nevertheless, Dustin was still by her side. At least he takes care of Mom, Lucius thought with a smile. 
“What are you talking about? He must be sleep talking,” Joan quickly clarified. 
Right then, Larry appeared by the doorway with breakfast in his hands. “Joan.” 
When he took in the scene, he stiffened, feeling awkward. “You’re already eating.” 
“Lucius, you haven’t had your food, right? Here. Dad bought you breakfast,” he said instead. 
Slowly turning around to walk to Larry, the boy cast Larry a look of disdain. 
“Why is Mr. Dustin doing the things Dad should be doing?” the boy intentionally asked loudly. 
Larry froze, but he soon recollected himself. 
“Lucius, maybe I’ve been too busy lately, and that’s why I’ve been neglecting you and your mother’s feelings. However, I’m free now,” Larry explained as he gently patted the boy’s head. 
But it’s too late now! Lucius thought furiously, unhappy with Larry’s slow actions. 
“What’s wrong?” Delilah softly asked Lucius. 
“Grandma, Dad isn’t doing his job well. Can we get rid of him?” Lucius blurted out.
Oh no. How can the boy say such senseless words? Joan flew into a panic. Like her, Delilah was equally dumbfounded. In the beginning, the boy kept calling Joan Mom. Later, when Larry found Joan, and she returned to his side, the boy began calling him Dad. But now… 
What do I do? 
At that moment, delight emerged in Joan’s eyes. 
Lucius mentioned it himself. If we really divorce, he won’t feel as hurt then. 
For Lucius, all he wanted to do was make sure that Joan was happy. I’ll respect whatever decision Mom makes, as long as it makes her happy. 
“Time for breakfast. I’ve bought a lot, so let’s share,” Delilah quickly voiced. 
“Time for breakfast!” Lucius cheered. 
After all, he was just a child. 
As days went by, Joan slowly recovered. Her returning health also lifted the spirits of the others. 
“Let’s go back, Mom,” Lucius suddenly said. 
Almost immediately, gloom veiled Joan’s face. If she could, she would stay here forever, never to return. 
“Joan, how do you feel now? Do you feel better?” Delilah inquired. 
Instead of answering her verbally, Joan nodded.
Other than Larry, everybody was in the ward. Larry knew Joan did not want to see him. In fact, he knew she hated him. 
After a brief discussion, the few decided to return immediately. 
When they had come down from the plane, Joan swayed, still feeling weak. Dustin, who was by her side, was unsure if he should help her, and it was a sentiment Larry shared with him. Fortunately, Delilah was right beside them, and she swiftly stepped forward toward the younger woman. 
“Sorry to trouble you, Ms. Young,” Joan whispered. 
“Hush now, silly girl. Why are you still saying such things at a time like this?” Delilah replied. 
“Lars!” A familiar voice came from a distance away. 
Crap. Why is she here? Larry scowled. How did she know I’m at the airport? 
Joan slowly turned around to see a pregnant woman running toward Larry. 
“Lars, why are so slow in coming back? I missed you so much!” Gabriella threw herself right into his arms. 
At that moment, Larry was staring at Joan. He opened his mouth, about to say something, but ended up closing it again. 
What a joke. He said he has nothing to do with her. He’s nothing but a liar.
###Chapter 2018
Chapter 2018 
Men are all good-for-nothings. Joan gritted her teeth as she narrowed her eyes at them. 
She hated liars the most, and that included Larry, who had kept his relationship with Gabriella a secret from her. 
“Stop messing around. Why are you here?” Larry growled. 
“My, Lars. Of course I’m here to pick you up,” Gabriella beamed. 
At that very moment, there was only one thought in Larry’s mind. Who the f*ck told this b*tch I’m at the airport? 
“Lars, you left in such a rush back then. I couldn’t even come with you. If I knew you left for a vacation, I’d have come with you. It’s only a great trip when both of us are together.” At that, Gabriella then hooked her arm around his. 
“Absence really makes the heart grow fonder, huh?” Dustin commented. 
Hearing him, Larry rolled his eyes at the other man. What is he trying to say? Please. I don’t have anything to do with her. 
“Lars, quick, tell me where you’ve been and what you’ve done? Was it fun?” 
What a clingy rat. Larry looked at the woman in front of him in disgust. Meanwhile, Joan was eavesdropping on their conversation, hoping to glean some information. However, their conversation seemed like a normal conversation between a couple.
How can Larry say he doesn’t love her? But why is he still continuing the talk with her? He knows she has set me up multiple times in the past. 
Are they really in love? Is Larry only denying it? Joan averted her eyes away from them. 
“All right, don’t dwell on it. We’ll think of what to do when the time comes, okay?” Delilah gently patted her shoulders in consolation. 
She’s right, Joan thought. I should be happier. 
The group of people then went to Delilah’s place. 
“Thank you very much for your concern for Joan, but I’d have to apologize; our place is a tad bit small, so all of us won’t be able to have dinner here together. So, please take your leave.” Delilah uttered. 
It was simple to understand what she was trying to say. Out of everyone who was there, Gabriella was the only one who was unwelcomed in that house. Joan sneered. 
Although Delilah did not quite like Dustin in the past, she slowly warmed up to him after finding out that Dustin had genuine feelings for Joan, and he was not inferior to Larry. 
What a pity. Delilah shook her head and sighed. 
Reality had defeated a perfect pair. 
Meanwhile, it was as if Gabriella had heard nothing. Her arms remained firmly hooked around Larry’s arm as she glanced around. It was as though Delilah was not talking about her. 
“Miss, we don’t have that much food at home, and I’m sure you’ve realized it by now. We’re from the village, so we don’t earn that much. We can’t afford lavish food, so it’s best that you head to a high-end restaurant for your dinner,” Lucius said after darting toward Gabriella.
What? Is a kid trying to chase me away? Gabriella raised a suspicious brow at the boy. 
Where did this stupid kid come from? How dare he speak to me with that tone? Gabriella scowled. 
“Miss, you have a baby in you, so you should be taking good care of your emotions and what you eat,” Lucius continued. Then, he flashed her a sweet smile. 
Right then, Dustin gave the boy a thumbs-up. Smart boy. 
“Dustin, let’s leave. Look, the place is too small for the two of us. Let’s take our leave,” Gabriella voiced. 
“Mr. Dustin, it’s fine. You don’t need to leave. If you don’t mind, we can squeeze a little around the dining table. But that’s all we can fit,” Lucius added. 
When did this boy become as witty as this? Satisfied, Delilah patted his head. 
“My, Joan. Is this your son? So he’s the kid you’ve raised. No wonder he has no manners,” Gabriella berated as she pointed at Lucius.
###Chapter 2019
Chapter 2019 
So what? He’s still my son. Who should he be biased toward if not me? You? The outsider? Joan nearly rolled her eyes at Gabriella. 
“Let’s go, Lucius. It’s time for us to change.” With that said, Joan grabbed the boy’s hand and headed toward the bedroom. 
“Ms. Ward, if you think that our child is rude, then feel free to go to another place with a more polite child. You shouldn’t waste your time here,” Delilah frigidly said. 
She would not let anyone insult her family, not even when the boy was not biologically related to her. 
“I…” Gabriella fell silent. 
Fine! I’ll leave. A cold look flickered past her face. 
“Lars, let’s go. They don’t welcome us here,” Gabriella said as she shook his arm. 
“Larry, didn’t you say you want to visit the garden? The flowers are blooming now, so you should take a look at them,” Delilah interrupted. 
Gabriella was the only one she wanted to get rid of; she still wanted Larry to stick around. 
“Okay, Ms. Young. I’m going to take a look now.” Larry swung off Gabriella’s arm and walked out of the house. 
Damn it. These pieces of trash must have a death wish to do this to me. Who do you think you are? As Gabriella glared at Delilah’s house, a thought popped into her mind.
“Hey, there’s something you’re going to do. Remember, you have to be in disguise when you’re doing this,” Gabriella coldly instructed. 
Huh? What is she up to this time? On the other end of the line, the man listened to the woman’s instruction despite feeling perplexed. 
Whatever. I’ll do anything for money. 
“How would you like me to do it?” the man queried. 
“I want you to give your all,” Gabriella replied. 
What? I’m not hearing things, am I? That’ll be murder! Maybe I should reconsider this. 
“Miss, I can’t do that. You should know that although I’d do most things, there’s a line I won’t cross. Moreover, the prices vary.” 
Damn man. Just cut the crap and tell me if what you want is money. Neither of us is an idiot, so who are you trying to fool? Fury was burning bright in Gabriella’s chest. 
“Three times the original amount. Don’t worry. I’ll make sure your money won’t go to waste.” 
“Deal,” came the swift response. 
Gabriella then ended the call. A malicious grin grew on her lips as she wondered, How will Joan deal with this? 
If a love-struck man would love the others around the one he loved, then a woman in anger would not let the ones around her enemy off. Gabriella, the ruthless woman she was, was one of them. 
“Grandma, where are you going? It’s raining outside. Don’t go out.” Lucius tugged Delilah’s arm.
The elderly woman crouched down to pat his head and smile at him. 
“I want to go to the garden to take a look at the flowers,” she explained. 
She adored those flowers, and she had poured much effort into growing them. Naturally, she would want to take care of them. 
“Ms. Young, it’s raining really heavily outside. Why don’t you stay in today and go out to see them tomorrow instead?” Joan suggested anxiously. 
“Don’t worry. It’s really close. You should rest up at home and spend more time with the boy. I’ll be right back. It’s fine.” Delilah gently patted her shoulders. 
Yet, for reasons unbeknownst to her, there was a foreboding sense in Joan’s heart as she stared at Delilah’s departing figure. 
“Mom, why am I suddenly feeling worried about Grandma? I’ve never felt this way before now,” Lucius suddenly said. 
He’s feeling the same too? 
No. I must be overthinking things. How can anything happen to Ms. Young? She’s only taking a look at the flowers in the garden. 
“Come on, Lucius. Mom’s going to play some games with you, okay?” Joan flashed the boy a reassuring smile.
###Chapter 2020
Chapter 2020 
“Mom, can you really play games with me? Have you recovered? I’m scared that you’ll be tired,” Lucius quietly muttered. 
His words moved her. He’s such a sensible boy. It doesn’t matter if I get tired. For him, I’m willing to. 
“Oh my dear flowers, this must be a tough day for you,” Delilah muttered under her breath when she reached the garden. 
She had forgotten to move some of her plants into the room, so those were all soaked by now. Thus, Delilah quickly got to work. As she was too busy, she did not remember that her door was still unlocked. 
Bang! 
What’s that noise? Delilah wondered. However, she saw no one around when she raised her head. 
That’s strange. I clearly heard something earlier. Could it be Joan? 
“Joan?” Delilah called out. 
Silence. 
Forget it. I must have been hallucinating just now. Delilah returned to her work. 
“Ah!” All of a sudden, a figure darted past her and punched the back of her head. Delilah passed out. 
“Mom, why isn’t Grandma back yet? She’s usually back by now,” Lucius mumbled.
He’s right. She only went to the garden to move some pots. She wouldn’t need such a long time. Joan furrowed her brows. Could something have happened to her when she was on the way there? Worry overtaking her mind, she quickly took out her phone and called Delilah. 
“Sorry, the number you have dialed is unavailable.” 
What’s going on? Why can’t I get through to her? Where did she go? Joan’s frown deepened. 
Ding, ding, ding. 
When Dustin saw the name on the screen, he was excited. 
“Hello, Joan. What’s up?” he eagerly asked. 
“Ms. Young went out earlier to the garden, but she hasn’t come back yet,” Joan nervously said to him. 
“What? It’s almost a day since she went out? I got it. Stay calm. I’ll be right over. Also, stay at home and don’t come out. You haven’t fully recovered yet.” With that said, Dustin ended the call and rushed to the garden with an umbrella in his hands. 
Indeed, the door to the garden was wide open. 
“Ms. Young, are you in there?” Dustin shouted, but no one replied to him. 
Boom! came the deafening sound of thunder, and the man by the doorway shuddered. 
“Ms. Young, it’s time for dinner,” Dustin continued shouting. 
Yet, there were still no responses. At that moment, he panicked and ran into the greenhouse. 
No one was around, but the pots by the corner were wet. That should be Ms. Young’s doing, but where is she? She’s gone.
Dustin spent a long while shouting in the garden, but still, he could not find Delilah. 
“Hello? Joan, are you sure Ms. Young went to the garden? I don’t see anyone here.” 
“I’m very sure. She even told us before she left that she’d be back soon, but she’s still not home,” Joan quickly said. 
At that moment, a grim look crept upon Dustin’s face. 
That means something happened to her. That must be it. 
“All right, don’t worry. I’ll look for her right away. Stay at home and don’t come out, okay? Take care of the boy.” Dustin ended the call. 
Joan was hurt, and now, Ms. Young is missing. I refuse to believe that there isn’t any connection between these two events. Who is behind this? Why are they so persistent in this? Dustin clenched his fists as his eyes burned with rage. 
Could it be Gabriella? But why would she do this to an elderly woman? 
“Larry, Ms. Young’s missing,” Dustin snarled. 
This must have something to do with him. 
“What? Where did she go missing?” Shocked, Larry jumped to his feet. 
Meanwhile, in the living room, Gabriella was rubbing her stomach, carefree as she watched the television.
###Chapter 2021
Chapter 2021 
“What happened?” Larry hissed. 
What else happened? If not for you having an affair, why would all these things happen? You betrayed Joan, but you won’t even divorce her. 
“Joan told me Ms. Young was in the garden earlier, but it’s been almost a day since then. She hasn’t come back. When I went to the garden, Ms. Young is nowhere to be found,” Dustin explained. 
What? Ms. Young keeps a low profile, and she’s nice. If it’s nothing major, she wouldn’t bother herself with it. Why is she missing? 
“Have you call the cops?” 
“I did, but they can’t find her either,” Dustin responded. Then, Dustin watched the other man’s reaction carefully. 
With the way he’s panicking, it seems like he hasn’t come to the conclusion that Gabriella is the one behind this. But I’m not sure if my guess is right. 
“Larry,” Dustin said after a moment of silence. 
Larry slowly turned around to look at the other man gravely. 
“Say, do you think it’s possible that Gabriella did this?” Dustin carefully suggested. 
He wanted to see what reaction this man would have upon hearing those words. Is he really biased toward her after she became pregnant? At that thought, Dustin sneered. 
“Why would she kidnap Ms. Young?” Larry threw a perplexed look at the man.
Is he kidding me? Has he not realize what kind of person Gabriella is after so long? She’s a woman who’ll take revenge on whoever wrongs her. Ms. Young chased her out of the house yesterday, so how can she not be angry about that? What a joke! 
“To her, everyone around Joan, excluding you, are her enemies. Isn’t that right?” Dustin voiced as he strode toward Larry. 
He’s right. Gabriella’s not someone who’s easy to deal with. 
In the room, Delilah was yelling, “What are you trying to do? Who are you?” 
The man sneered as a dark look crawled onto his face. 
“The one who’s going to kill you.” 
Hearing that, a cold glint flashed past Delilah’s eyes. 
I don’t know who he is, so why is he trying to kill me? The elderly woman’s curiosity was piqued as she gave the man a once-over. 
Since neither of us has crossed paths with each other, why are you trying to kill me? 
“I’m not the one who bears a grudge against you. Don’t you know who you’ve crossed?” The man was chewing on a piece of gum as he shot her a glare. 
In response, Delilah lowered her head and tried her best to figure out what happened. 
She had been living in the village for many years, and she had always been nothing but helpful. The villagers all liked and respected her, so she could not think of someone who would wish to kill her. Although the villagers rarely strayed far from their homes, they knew about the dangers of the world
outside the village. Therefore, they cherished their friendships. There’s no way they would do something as horrible and shameless as this. 
No. It can’t be them. 
“Who told you to come after me? Even if I die, I want to die knowing who did this to me,” Delilah gritted out. 
What use is it for you to know that? The man slapped her hard. 
“Keep dreaming. If you can’t figure it out yourself, you can keep up with the guessing in hell,” the man rejected immediately. 
How cruel. Delilah tensed as she kept her gaze on the man. 
I’ve been hiding this for years. Am I going to reveal it today? She tensed her jaw. 
When she was younger, to protect herself, she had practiced all forms of martial arts. As she hailed from a wealthy family, she had been in various types of training classes and competitions. It was only fate that had brought her to the village. 
Delilah tried to conceal every part of her past life, hoping that she could start anew. Thus, it had been a long while since she had combated someone else. So what if I’m old now? Am I an easy target just because I’m old? Delilah scoffed as she rolled her shoulders. 
Then, she yelled, “Hey, I want to go back!”
###Chapter 2022
Chapter 2022 
Hearing her shout, the man spun around to glance at her suspiciously. Has this old wench lost her mind? 
“What? Do you want to go home? Which home? The home in hell?” Right then, the man burst out laughing. 
He’s too much! Delilah ambled toward the man, her eyes fixed on him the entire time. 
“I’ve given you a chance. Let me out. This will be the last time I’ll say this. Otherwise, don’t blame me for showing you no mercy,” Delilah whispered. 
What can she do? She’s got one foot in the grave. I can’t believe she’s threatening me now. She’s better off reminiscing about her sweet past with the time she has left. The man shook his head and sighed. 
“Ten minutes. That’s all the time I’m giving you. You can tell me whatever last words you have, especially about your assets. That’s really important,” the man muttered, smirking. 
What an animal. I can’t believe he’s planning to get my assets too. He’s really lost his marbles for money. 
“So you’re not going to let me go?” Delilah questioned. 
For a moment, the man was taken aback by the vicious look in her eyes. However, he managed to recompose himself quickly. 
“What are you trying to do? What can an old woman like you do? What will you do if I don’t let you go? Are you going to hit me? You? What a joke. I’d say you—”
Smack! A punch rammed toward the man, so quick that the man did not even have the time to react. 
Instantly, he collapsed on the ground, in immense agony. 
“Y-You f*cking wench! How dare you hit me!” the man screeched, jabbing his finger at her. 
So what if I did? Goodness me. That feels great. It’s been so long since I’ve hit someone. I really am getting rusty at this. After the punch, Delilah dusted her hands. 
“What’s wrong? Did you think I’m the kind to take things lying down? Yes, while it’s true that I keep a low profile at most times, it doesn’t mean I’ll relent at all times.” With that said, Delilah kicked him and turned to leave. 
“Stop! You’ve got to pay for my medical fees!” the man on the ground screamed. 
Is he trying to be funny? He should be glad I’m not suing him for giving me psychological trauma. How can he be that shameless to ask me to pay for his medical fees? 
“How is it? Have you found her? Where did Ms. Young go?” Joan asked in a shaky voice. 
Dustin, who was beside her, gently patted her shoulders. “Don’t worry. We’re doing our best to look for her. She’ll be fine. It’s okay.” 
When Larry saw the two interacting, the light in his eyes dimmed. 
Lucius ran toward Dustin and hugged his leg, asking, “Mr. Dustin, did something happen to Grandma? I’m so worried about her.” 
Larry averted his eyes. 
Have they already chosen Dustin instead?
“No. I can’t just sit here. I have to look for her,” Joan blurted out as she moved, about to leave the house. 
“Who are you going to look for? Aren’t I right here?” came Delilah’s loud voice. 
Joan’s eyes lit up as her heart finally lowered from her throat to her chest. 
“Ms. Young, where did you go? You scared me!” Joan gripped the elderly woman’s hands with her own shaking ones. 
“I’m fine. You can rest assured now.” Delilah smiled then patted Joan’s shoulder. 
None of them knew that the elderly woman was well-versed in martial arts; there was no one in the world who could lay a finger on her. The man from earlier, by then, had fled the scene on all fours. 
“Ms. Young, we tried looking for you in the garden earlier, but we couldn’t see any signs of you. Moreover, you didn’t pick up Joan’s call. You’ve frightened her,” Dustin quietly stated. 
“I… I went out for a moment, and I lost my phone. I think I dropped it on my way there. I’m fine now,” Delilah lied. 
She did not want the few people in front of her to worry, especially Joan and Lucius. Moreover, she had come out of the incident completely unscathed. The one who wanted to harm her had to try harder than that.
###Chapter 2023
Chapter 2023 
“Ms. Ward, the mission failed,” the man mumbled dejectedly on the phone. 
“What? How can you possibly fail? Could you not even deal with an old woman?” Gabriella roared. 
Damn b*tch. I haven’t even begun to list all your faults but you’re already shouting at me? The man coiled his fists and clenched his jaw. 
“Ha! Why don’t we talk about why you didn’t tell me about how that woman knew martial arts?” the man fumed. 
Gabriella promptly fell silent. She’s that powerful? Fury flashed across her eyes. 
Damn it. It’s getting harder and harder to deal with everything. What the hell? The man then informed her about the incident before the call ended. 
As he had not completed the assigned task, Gabriella only paid for his medical fees. 
Bang! 
The door flew open. 
The woman on the couch jumped in fright and whipped her head toward the doorway. 
“Lars.” Gabriella sprinted toward him, arms spread out for a hug. 
It had been a long time since he visited her. He’s here to see the baby and me! Gabriella was understandably excited. 
However, Larry shouted, “Gabriella Ward!”
His tone was not a friendly one. She frowned. 
He’s not here just to visit me. Nevertheless, Gabriella was quick to plaster on a smile. 
“Sit, Lars. Have some tea. Are you here to visit our baby? Our baby’s fine. Don’t worry.” At that, Gabriella carefully rubbed her stomach. 
When Larry saw her intentional act, he sneered. 
Still lying about how the baby is ours, I see. Let’s see how long she can keep this up. Once the baby is born, we’ll do a paternity test. Everything will be revealed by then. However, what he could not stand anymore were the things that the cruel woman was doing to Joan. 
He could not bear to see Joan hurt nor upset. 
“Tell me. Was it you?” Larry questioned. 
This jerk. How can he ask me this without any hint of hesitation? 
Yes, that’s right. It’s me. So what? What can you do if I refuse to admit it? Gabriella sneered back. 
“Lars, what are you talking about? What do you mean by was it me? Of course I was the one to make this tea,” she said, changing the subject. 
He only has that she-devil in his mind! When has he ever think about me? Never. He has never thought about me! Even a tiny bit of concern from him would make her day, but he was a miser; he only gave his love to Joan. Gabriella scowled. 
This is such a joke. She’s not as pretty as me, and neither is she as rich as me. She’s nothing but an ordinary woman, but she’s the only one in Larry’s heart!
“Drop the act, Gabriella. Everyone knows what kind of woman you are. Even if you refuse to admit it, I’ll find evidence for what you’ve done. Also, you should tell your baby’s father to start owning up. Otherwise, once the baby is born, you’ll be a single mother,” Larry uttered in a glacial tone. “Karma is waiting for you around the corner, so you should know when to stop. I’ve been gathering evidence, so don’t assume you’ll get to escape the law. I’m sure you know who you’ve hurt and what you’ve done.” 
With that said, Larry left. 
The moment he did, the woman collapsed onto the couch. Her eyes blankly stared at the ceiling, lost in her thoughts. 
How did he find out about this? I’ve destroyed all the evidence. I’ve stopped contacting those assassins. How did he figure this out? Fear danced across her eyes.
###Chapter 2024
Chapter 2024 
No. That’s not it. Maybe he’s just trying to test me. Maybe he knows nothing. After collecting herself, she made a call. 
“Hey, come over. I need you,” Gabriella anxiously demanded. 
However, the individual on the other end of the line fell silent. 
“Who are you? Why are you calling him?” A high-pitched female voice traveled into her ears. 
At that moment, Gabriella’s mind went blank. 
What? Why is a woman picking up the call? 
Gabriella swiftly hung up before making the call again, thinking that she had gotten the wrong number. 
“Hey, spit it out. I’m starting to get annoyed from your continuous calls,” the other woman hissed impatiently. 
He’s forgotten about me; he’s found a new woman! 
Thud! Gabriella threw her phone on the ground. 
She then slumped on the couch as tears began to brim in her eyes. 
Men are useless, Gabriella thought as a brutal look crawled into her tearful eyes. 
“Hey, bro, there’s some weird girl who was calling you earlier. I asked her what’s the matter, but she refused to say anything. Call her back later, okay?” 
“Who was it?” the man shouted from inside the bathroom.
“I don’t recognize her voice, but her name in your contacts is…” 
Oh no. It’s Gabriella! Oh no, oh no. She’s going to misunderstand. The man hurriedly washed off the suds and wrapped himself in his towel before walking out. 
“Wow, your body still looks as amazing as ever!” 
“Shoo! Hurry up and go to work. Stop messing around all day.” 
When the man checked his phone, he realized his sister was speaking the truth—there were two calls from Gabriella. A delighted smile grew on his lips. 
“Gabriella, did you call me?” the man whispered into his phone. 
“Yes, but forget it,” Gabriella snarled. 
When I needed you, you’re with some other women. Why are you calling me when I don’t need you anymore? 
“I was showering earlier. That’s why I didn’t hear my phone ring,” the man hastily explained. 
Gabriella narrowed her eyes. 
What the man had not explained to her was that his sister had been the one to pick up the phone earlier. 
Hence, Gabriella ended the call after saying, “It’s fine. Bye.” 
The man panicked. 
Despite that, he thought, She must be jealous, but that’s good. She should feel a little stressed about our relationship. At that thought, the man smiled. Unbeknownst to him, Gabriella had decided to cut off
her ties with him. 
Stupid man. It’s all lies when he says he only loves me and me only. What a load of rubbish when he said he’ll protect and take care of me for the rest of my life. Now? Now he’s with some other woman. He ditched me! 
Gabriella balled up her fists, infuriated and upset. 
All men are the same. They’ll leave after sleeping with the woman. With a sneer, the woman then shut her eyes. 
Knock, knock. 
The knockings outside the house were rapid and urgent, but Gabriella was already asleep in the living room. 
“Open up, Gabriella! I’m here. Weren’t you looking for me earlier?” the man shouted from outside. 
Not known to the two, Caspian was watching them from afar. 
“Larry, that man’s here again, but Gabriella isn’t opening the door this time.” 
He finally appeared again. Larry’s lips curled. 
With this man around, everything will be sorted out. 
“Keep a close eye on him and find out who this man is,” Larry commanded. 
Only after a long while of knocking, then did Gabriella groggily went to open the door.
“Why did you keep knocking on the door? Didn’t you realize that I’m sleeping? You’re annoying,” Gabriella complained.
###Chapter 2025
Chapter 2025 
The man awkwardly scratched the back of his head and mumbled, “Gabriella, you were asleep? I’m sorry. Did I disturb your rest?” 
Right then, Gabriella sobered up. 
Wait. Why is he here? Didn’t he use to call me before he comes? 
“Wait. How long have you been standing here?” Gabriella hastily surveyed her surroundings with anxious eyes. 
“Quick! Come in.” She dragged him in. 
Darn it. No one’s following him, right? Gabriella had found out that Caspian was following and investigating her for some time. It’ll be over for me if Caspian finds out about this man. Thus, Gabriella scurried to the balcony and looked downwards. 
Good. There aren’t any cars that I don’t recognize downstairs. She heaved a sigh of relief at that revelation. 
“Didn’t we agree that you won’t come over unless you call? What if something happens because you break that rule? What’s wrong with your brain?” Gabriella punched the man’s chest. 
Hold on. I should be angry at him. Almost immediately, Gabriella strode toward the couch and lay down. 
How shameless is he to come to me? She scoffed. 
All men are playboys and dishonest people, including this one.
However, Larry was the only exception. He had loved Joan for so many years, and not once had he ever thought of giving up on her. In fact, she was the only person he would ever think of. 
At that moment, Gabriella found herself feeling envious of Joan. Even though the latter had no money, talents, nor intellect, she had a man who loved and took care of her without ever thinking of giving up. 
“Gabriella, I missed you,” the man whined as he wrapped his arms around her waist. 
Ever since Gabriella was pregnant, the two only met in secret. They could not hold hands in public nor go on dates. It was fine in the beginning, but as time passed, the man grew agitated. 
“Don’t touch me!” Gabriella flung his arm off her. 
What’s the matter with her? Why is she angry? The man studied her carefully, confounded by her strange behavior. 
“What’s wrong? Are you in a foul mood today? Come, let’s have a walk.” With those words out of his mouth, the man moved to pull her to a standing position. 
“I’ve told you not to make me mad! You disgust me,” Gabriella shouted. 
Her words made the man freeze. 
What? It’s true that I look like some playboy, but I’ve never laid a finger on another woman other than her. To take care of Gabriella, the man did not even visit bars and other entertainment venues that he usually went to. But now she’s saying I disgust her? 
“Gabriella, what are you trying to say? I called you earlier, but you seemed to be in a bad mood. I thought you were feeling unwell, and that’s why I rushed to your place, hoping to be able to do something for you. How can you treat me in this way? That’s right. I love you; I really do. But I’m a man,
and I have my dignity too. I’m nice to you, but that doesn’t mean you can treat me horribly for that,” he bellowed. 
How can he sound so righteous after messing with another woman? Who gave him the right to? 
Gabriella turned grim when she heard his loud volume. 
“Don’t you already have someone else? What a joke. Why are you here when you can’t even resolve your own problems?” 
What the hell? What does she means by someone else? Why don’t I know about it? 
“Gabriella, did you make a mistake? I don’t have anyone else. Ever since you were pregnant, I haven’t been in touch with any other women,” the man explained as he tapped her shoulders. 
Liar. Why can’t he just admit it? Maybe I’d have forgiven you if you were honest. But even now, you’re still lying to me. 
He’s the same as all other men! 
“Gabriella, I think I need to explain something to you. When I was showering, my sister was the one to pick up the call, so don’t dwell on that,” the man voiced as he scratched his head.
###Chapter 2026
Chapter 2026 
That was his sister? The light in Gabriella’s eyes returned immediately. No wonder she sounded like that. 
“It’s fine.” Gabriella dusted her hands. 
Good. Everything’s solved. She then stood up and walked toward the kitchen, her mood much better than before. 
The man quickly stopped her and pushed her toward the living room. “What would you like to eat? I’ll make it for you. It’s tough for you to cook now, so just sit here for a while.” 
For a moment, it felt as though the man was Gabriella’s husband. 
Stop. The one I love is Larry. I can’t change my mind. She clenched her fists, determined. 
“Ms. Young, is there someone targeting you?” Joan asked softly. 
Delilah did not respond. 
Her lack of response was a silent agreement, and Joan knew it. 
It seems like Gabriella is targeting the people around me now. Joan balled up her fists until her knuckles were white. 
Noticing her action, Lucius quietly queried as he held her hand, “Mom, what’s wrong? Are you unhappy?” 
Joan only ran her fingers through his hair and gave him a small smile.
Maybe Lucius is the only one who can comfort me now. 
“Mom, I have a question for you,” the boy voiced with a disappointed expression. 
Then, he continued, “Are you going to divorce Dad soon? Also, who’s that woman to Dad the other day?” 
No one wanted them to divorce, especially Lucius. After all, he had just gotten a complete family. 
Joan’s heart sank. 
Should I tell him about it now? Our relationship eventually will come to an end. A trace of melancholy darted past her eyes. 
“Lucius, if Dad and Mom are separated one day, will you be upset?” Joan inquired. 
To her surprise, Lucius’ eyes lit up instead. 
“Mom, I just want you to be happy. You can do anything as long as you’re happy.” Lucius then hugged her, hoping that his embrace could give her strength. 
His actions moved her. 
That’s right. I still have many people who love me in this world. Who cares about men when I have my son? 
“Thank you, Lucius,” Joan whispered. 
Creak. Someone quietly opened the door. 
He’s the only one who’ll open the door so carefully. Joan’s brows knitted.
When will he move out? He can’t possibly keep staying here now that we’re about to divorce, right? As Joan gritted her teeth, she decided to have a talk with the man. 
“It’s getting late, Lucius. Why don’t you go to bed?” the woman mumbled as she kissed the boy’s forehead. 
Glancing between Joan and Larry, he nodded understandingly before running back to his room. 
“Larry, let’s have a talk.” 
About what? The divorce? I don’t want to divorce you. There’s nothing between Gabriella and me. 
“Joan, there’s really nothing between Gabriella and me. Don’t doubt my words because I’ve never done anything to wrong you,” Larry swore. 
Nevertheless, Joan only sneered in response. 
Is he still trying to fool me even at a time like this? How can he not know what he has done? She averted her face, not wanting to see him any longer. 
“Why won’t you believe in me? The baby in Gabriella isn’t mine. I’m telling you the truth. We’ve found the man today. Soon, the truth will be out. I’ll show you the father of her baby,” Larry said to her. 
His words stunned her. 
Is he truly speaking the truth? The baby in Gabriella isn’t his? Joan stared at him skeptically. 
But Gabriella loves Larry so much. Why would she have another man’s baby? At that though, Joan hesitated. Should I trust him or not?
###Chapter 2027
Chapter 2027 
Could I be mistaken? 
“Larry, if you wish to prove your innocence, you may. I’ll give you some time, but remember, once you’re out of time and you can’t explain yourself, I will see you at the Civil Affairs Bureau,” she said viciously. 
If there is a need to find any evidence, this amount of time would be sufficient. She turned around slowly and entered her room. 
“Joan.” With a forceful tug, she fell into his arms. 
Larry sniffed at her hair greedily. 
“Let go of me,” Joan demanded in a low voice for fear of waking Lucius who was sound asleep. 
“We haven’t had a good chat in a long time,” Larry said as he tightened his grip around her waist. 
That was true; they haven’t been together peacefully for a long time. Sadness washed over her eyes. Why couldn’t I try to spend my days with him in peace? Things did not go as planned with the number of obstacles in their way. 
If it were not due to love, anybody would find it impossible to be tolerant like that. But Larry had someone else. That someone was Gabriella. Joan was unable to bear it any longer. 
“Joan, I love you. I do not want to divorce you,” Larry said mournfully. 
In an instant, her eyes were wet. Divorce was something that happened as a last resort. 
Slam! Suddenly, the door was flung open.
“Oops, sorry for bothering you,” Delilah said apologetically and proceeded into her own room. 
Larry hurriedly let go of his grasp on Joan and rearranged his emotions. 
“Ms. Young, have you eaten?” Joan yelled loudly. 
“No, I haven’t, but I’m not hungry. You two carry on,” Delilah called back. 
Joan flushed crimson. 
I did not do anything indecent, why should I be feeling embarrassed? 
Larry’s phone rang and he hastened to answer the call after a glance at the screen. 
“Larry, I’ve found something. The man actually did appear at the bar before…” Caspian said urgently. 
So it was him! Larry clenched his fist as a smirk of satisfaction appeared across his lips. 
The things that Gabriella did would leave a trail! 
Larry’s eyes flashed with coldness. 
“I’ll head over at once. Do not let him out of your sight. We must find evidence of what he did at the bar that night and who he’d met. It’s of critical importance…” Larry instructed Caspian. 
After a brief conversation, Larry hung up. 
“What is it?” Joan asked in a low voice when she saw him frown. 
“Joan, what’s it going to be? You won’t leave me for the rest of your life?” Larry kissed her forehead gently.
What is he talking about? No matter what, a proper investigation had to be done. But with Larry’s reaction, it seemed as though the child in Gabriella really did not belong to Larry. But how can he explain what happened at the bar that night? Joan stared curiously at the man before her. 
“I’m going out for a bit and I might be late. Don’t wait up for me,” Larry said as he picked up his coat and departed abruptly. 
“Tell me, what is going on between you and Gabriella?” Larry said fiercely as he cornered the man. His eyes flashed like the glint of steel. 
He really did not believe that this man had nothing to do with her. 
The man glanced at Larry and looked quickly away in fright. 
Why should I tell him? he thought. Gabriella loves him, of course, she wouldn’t want me to betray her. 
Forget it. I won’t say a thing. 
“Mr. Norton, what are you talking about?” the man answered cautiously. “I am just a friend of Gabriella’s.” 
Lies. He knows what he did. Looks like I have another difficult fellow on my hands.
###Chapter 2028
Chapter 2028 
“You’d better tell me the truth,” Larry warned him coldly. “Or else I will crumble your family’s standing within this city.” 
The man was frightened by his threat. 
It didn’t matter what happened to me, but please, not my family. 
“Mr. Norton, Ms. Ward, and I really are just ordinary friends,” the man answered with a look of false helplessness. “No matter how much you threaten me, there’s nothing more I can tell you.” 
D*mn it! Larry thought. He’s not going to tell the truth, is he? Alright then. Larry fished his phone out of his pocket and dialed a number. 
“Hello? Yes, I recall there being a shop on Jennen Street… yes, a clothing store… yes, that’s the one. Look for someone to…” 
The man broke down in fright. “Please, Mr. Norton, I’ll talk! Don’t harm the shop!” he begged with a scream. 
Finally! Larry faced the man coldly. 
Why do they always choose the stick despite being offered the carrot? 
“I was friends with Gabriella in the past, but one day she became pregnant and had me go over to her house often to care for her. She said that the man who had knocked her up did not want to be responsible. She also said that I was her only friend…” the man stammered in explanation. 
Larry clenched his fists tightly and glared at the man before him in resentment.
D*mn it, he’s lying! That was not what Larry wanted to hear. He’s bloody lying to my face! 
“If you’re not going to tell me the truth, I swear I will raze your family’s shop to the ground. I’m warning you not to test me. Now, last chance. What is the nature of your relationship with Gabriella?” Larry bellowed. 
At last, the man who was trying to buy time for himself broke down completely. 
“I’m her besties!” he shouted in a panic. 
What a joke. Gabriella has a male best friend? I don’t believe that for a second. She was always careful with whatever she did, how could she let a man with no blood relations with her remain by her side? 
“Caspian, destroy that store. There will be no more consideration.” Larry hung up and walked out of the room. 
“Mr. Norton, please! You can’t… She and I have nothing…” the man howled in dismay. 
But it was no use. Larry was already out of sight and earshot. 
The man was left alone in the room with bloodshot eyes. 
Oh Gabriella, my family’s business is ruined because of you. What about you? He looked up to gaze at the ceiling, trying to will the tears back in from where they came. 
Gabriella’s phone rang. She glanced at the screen and hurriedly picked up. 
“Larry came to me. I think he suspects you. Be careful,” the man choked. 
What’s going on? Why did Larry look for him? What else has he discovered?
“What did he come to you for? What did he say to you? Or what did you say to him?” Gabriella demanded in a panic. 
What else could he say? 
She forbade him to say anything. Of course, he wouldn’t disobey her. 
“Don’t worry, I said nothing. I just told him that we’re besties and that I always care for you, nothing else. Besides, our family business is ruined.” The bitterness in the man’s voice was apparent over the phone. 
What is the meaning of this? What does his family’s business have to do with Larry looking for him? 
“Tell me again what happened to your family’s business? What did Larry do?” Gabriella demanded. 
The man told her everything. He was down in the dumps. 
That d*mn Larry! How could he stoop so low to commit despicable acts like blackmail? 
Gabriella clenched her fists. 
But what else could she do? Isn’t this the man that she loves? No matter what Larry did, her anger at him would only last a brief moment before she forgave him. 
“Alright, don’t you worry. I wouldn’t let you bear any of the losses. I will take responsibility for your family’s shop. Why don’t you clean yourself up and let me arrange for you to have a new shop? I won’t mistreat you, but you mustn’t overthink about unnecessary things.” At that, Gabriella hung up.
###Chapter 2029
Chapter 2029 
That sentence was obvious. It meant the both of them, which was impossible. 
They said I am cruel? Yes, I am cruel. They said I am righteous? I am righteous as well. The man could not understand why Gabriella liked that Larry asshole. There were so many corporation presidents around, as well as many heirs to great fortunes. But why did she have to choose him out of all of them? 
“Larry, what are we going to do? He’s still not telling the truth,” Caspian asked. He was anxious too, with his clenched fists and wild eyes. 
This concerned Larry’s entire future. If it was not handled properly, there was a chance of a divorce between him and Joan. 
Caspian suddenly felt the fragility of marriage. Large conflicts could begin with a misspoken word or a misinterpreted incident. What’s more, Larry was framed for such a serious matter. 
For someone who has never committed any wrongdoings in his life, it would undoubtedly feel awful when all of a sudden everybody started thinking that he was a sinner. 
“This will be an uphill battle. Not to worry, we’ll deal with it slowly. Let’s wait and see what Gabriella would do next,” Larry said, his eyes narrowed fiercely. 
“What has Dustin been up to?” Larry asked suddenly. 
He hated it when Dustin approached Joan when he has nothing to do. She belongs to me alone! Larry clenched his fist at that thought. 
“He’s always at the supermarket as some supervisor,” Caspian replied in a low voice. “He looked busy recently, and so does Joan. She’s always taking on extra shifts. It could be due to the weather.”
D*mn Dustin. Opportunistic scumbag! It was too bad that even if Joan did decide to divorce me, she wouldn’t go for Dustin. Larry understood her thoroughly. If she did like him, she wouldn’t wait that long. Larry smiled with satisfaction. 
He trusted that Joan would wait for him. Though there were misunderstandings that had created a rift between them, it would easily be resolved by explaining. 
“Larry, tonight…” 
“No need to work overtime tonight, Caspian. Go on home.” Larry strode out of the office. 
“Larry, there’s a very strange matter,” Larry blurted. 
“Speak,” Larry commanded in a low voice. 
“Gabriella opened a fashion boutique shop. I think she has handed it over to that guy.” 
That b*tch has some tricks up her sleeve! Larry’s gaze dimmed. I wonder how long would Gabriella draw this out for? 
Little did he know that Joan had something huge in store for her in the not too distant future. 
“Mom, are you tired? You look rather haggard,” Lucius said. 
Joan jerked out of her reverie and composed herself. 
“It’s nothing. Maybe I am a little tired,” she said as she caressed Lucius’s hair. 
She wasn’t tired; she was thinking about Larry and Gabriella. 
“Hey Joan, you’re living it up here.” A familiar voice came from behind her.
What was she doing back here again? Was she here to gloat? 
“Get lost, you’re not welcome here,” Lucius shouted and stood in front of Joan protectively. 
This little tyke is so brazen to speak to me like this! He clearly has no manners. Gabriella walked slowly forward and stopped in front of Lucius. 
Smack! 
Joan was stunned. 
“Why do you look so surprised? Your kid is rude and you don’t seem to care, so I took care of it for you,” Gabriella said viciously. 
Is she insane to pick a fight with a child? 
“Gabriella, get the hell out of here!” Joan shouted in a rage. 
“Does it still hurt, Lucius? Let me see.” Joan knelt in front of Lucius and examined his cheek where Gabriella had struck him. Her eyes were full of tenderness. 
“I’m fine, Mommy. It doesn’t hurt, don’t worry.” Lucius smiled bravely. 
Gabriella stood to the side and glared at both of them with disdain. 
What is she doing pretending that the boy is hers biologically?
###Chapter 2030
Chapter 2030 
“What are you waiting for? I told you to get lost! If you don’t I’m reporting you to the cops for trespassing,” Lucius glared at her fiercely. 
Ha! This little sh*t knows what trespassing is! Maybe Joan had taught him that, Gabriella thought as she gazed at the pair of them coldly. 
“Joan, when are you going to resolve your issue? I’m waiting to get married, you know,” Gabriella sneered. 
So she is trying to rush my divorce with Larry, Joan thought. What an impatient b*tch. But Larry did mention that he had evidence to prove that he has nothing to do with this woman and that he needed some time. 
Perhaps I should trust him and wait. Joan clenched her fists tightly. 
“You have no business snooping in what goes on between me and Larry,” Joan said coldly. “You had best keep your nose to yourself.” 
What did she mean? She’s not going to get a divorce? Or is she buying time? Gabriella felt a surge of rage. 
This b*tch did not honor her word! She’s even capable of such a despicable act! 
“Unacceptable. Joan, you need to make a clean break of it and divorce Larry!” 
She knew that Larry had to deal with some company matters that night, as well as to entertain a foreign client at midnight. He wouldn’t be able to come home to sleep. Besides, Delilah spent all her time in her garden recently. As a result, only she and Lucius were in the house.
“Gabriella, what do you want to do? If you want us to divorce so badly, you should tell Larry to bring me the papers. I’ll sign them on the spot and you two can get married tomorrow. If you’re unsuccessful, then you should stop harassing us,” Joan said calmly. 
“Mommy, I don’t want you to divorce Daddy!” Lucius said suddenly. 
Gabriella glared at the boy and wanted nothing better than to aim a kick at him to teach him a lesson. 
This little sh*t is always interfering with her plans! Gabriella glared at Lucius with an ugly look on her face. 
“Don’t you waste your energy, Daddy and Mommy are definitely not going to separate,” Lucius shouted as he took a step toward Gabriella. 
She raised her arm again with the intention of hitting him but Joan leaped forward and grabbed Gabriella by the elbow. In her death grip, she stared Gabriella down with murder in her eyes. 
“Gabriella, if you’re here trying to stir up trouble, I apologize but we are busy today and do not have time to entertain you. I would like to ask you to leave.” At that, Joan led Lucius into the room. 
“Joan, I’m not done talking to you!” Gabriella was furious. 
That b*tch has the audacity to disrespect me! 
So, you’re patient, are you? I’m not going to leave here today. Let’s see who’s more patient. Gabriella threw herself down on the couch. 
She had completely forgotten about her motive for visiting; her mind was consumed by how to go against Joan. 
Joan’s phone rang. She glanced at the screen and hastily picked up.
“Joan, I’m very busy today,” Larry said. “I still have to meet a project director tonight. I won’t be coming home tonight. Have a good dinner, call me if you need anything,” Larry’s voice sounded weary. 
Joan had wanted to tell him that Gabriella was at their house, but at the sound of Larry’s tiredness, she felt her heart soften. 
I can deal with this myself. 
Gabriella was stubborn and difficult. Joan did not know what her next step would be. 
“Mommy, that woman hasn’t left, you can’t go out yet.” Lucius gripped Joan’s hand tightly, as if afraid that if she went out to the living room again, Gabriella would bully her. 
But the truth was that Joan really was being bullied and harassed by Gabriella all this time. 
“That’s all right, Lucius,” Joan said. “Hurry on to sleep; you still have to go to school tomorrow. Don’t you worry about that woman, I’ve got this. We used to be good friends in the past.” Joan pinched his cheek affectionately to comfort him.
###Chapter 2031
Chapter 2031 
Lucius gazed suspiciously at Joan’s words. He could not quite shake the feeling that something was seriously wrong, but was unable to voice it out. 
“But Mommy, I don’t know why but I always feel like that woman is bad news when she comes here,” Lucius mumbled. 
Of course it was bad news. Gabriella was a proud woman who wouldn’t let anybody stand in her way of what she wanted. Looks like it’s going to be a tough one. 
“All right, be good and go to sleep.” Joan caressed Lucius’s hair gently. 
Very quickly, he shut his eyes as was told. Joan pulled the quilt over him and left his room. 
Gabriella was still on the couch rifling through some magazines. 
When did she become so thick-skinned? She’s still here! 
“What are you still doing here?” Joan asked coldly. 
Does this b*tch need to be chased out with a stick? Gabriella glared at her with an expression of disdain. 
“Joan, I have always been straightforward, and I would like you to do the same. Tell me when you and Larry are getting a divorce,” Gabriella asked bitterly. 
At the look of desperation on Gabriella’s voice, Joan sneered. 
What’s the rush? If the child in her womb is really Larry’s, why is she constantly bugging them to get a divorce?
It looks like this situation has more to it than meets the eye. 
“As I’ve told you before, in regards to the divorce, I would be more than happy to sign the papers if Larry agrees to it. You have my word that I will leave and be out of your lives after that,” Joan said with conviction. 
Joan had pushed all the responsibility onto Larry. He was the only weak spot of Gabriella. Gabriella had loved Larry for so many years and had given up on him. It’s a shame that Larry had never spent any time on her. Joan felt rather fortunate with that. 
“Joan, stop playing games. You must divorce Larry immediately. My stomach will be getting bigger soon. Don’t you care about what people might say about Larry? About his infidelity?” Gabriella said fiercely. 
She made it sound as if she had always had Larry’s best interest at heart. 
“I’m going to bed,” Joan said plainly. “You should go home too, it’s late already.” 
I’m not in the mood to look at her or even discuss matters with her. We shall see what Larry’s investigation yields before we take another step. 
This is what love is. If the man treats his woman well, she would trust him unreservedly. Joan had felt resentful when Larry’s trip abroad to visit her had been delayed for many days. They’ve since made up and naturally, she would choose to be on Larry’s side, to trust him. 
“Joan, don’t get too pleased with yourself. I’m telling you, this child is Larry’s. This is beyond the shadow of a doubt. You’d better get a divorce, or else…” Gabriella glared at Joan as she left her threat hanging ominously. 
Or else what? Deal with me? Assassinate me? Scold me? Ruin my life?
What wouldn’t she do? It was laughable. If I am scared of her, why would I even meet her? Joan’s eyes flashed with disdain. 
Gabriella flared up at Joan’s silence. 
“Joan, I’m going to kick your ass,” Gabriella said as she approached with an ugly look of rage on her face. 
What’s she doing? Is she crazy? 
“Gabriella, calm yourself. You’re carrying a child,” Joan said with a frightened look toward Gabriella. 
This is Ms. Young’s home. If this woman came here to cause trouble, I’m the one to blame! 
“What is it? Are you scared?” Gabriella said forcefully. 
Is there something wrong with her brain? She would rather risk her baby’s safety and pick a fight with me? 
“Calm down, will you? No matter what, the child is innocent. Tell you what. I’ll send you home and you get some rest for you and the baby. As for the matter of the divorce, I will talk about it with Larry.”
###Chapter 2032
Chapter 2032 
Gabriella’s eyes flashed with coldness all of a sudden. 
But suddenly, a terrifying idea appeared in Gabriella’s mind. Perhaps Joan being worried about it gave Gabriella the idea. 
If I have a miscarriage, the cause of it would be Joan! She would be a murderer! 
It was Joan who had caused me to lose my baby! 
Gabriella turned and ran toward the table. She grabbed a pair of scissors and stabbed herself in the stomach. 
“Ah! Joan, you killed my baby! You are a murderer! Larry…” Gabriella screamed as she clutched her stomach and clung to the wall for support. 
In a split second, the floor was covered in blood, as was Gabriella. 
Joan was stunned. She did not expect Gabriella to harm her own child. She is the biological mother of that unborn child! 
This woman is insane! Completely insane! 
Joan hurriedly grabbed her phone to dial a number. 
“Hello, is this 911? I have a pregnant mother here, I need…” 
Gabriella laughed coldly at the sight of Joan’s worried look as she spoke on the phone.
“Are you scared now, Joan?” Gabriella taunted. “I will forever be at odds with you because you are my mortal enemy. You’ve not only stole my man, you killed my child as well. You are a sinner!” she pointed a vicious finger at Joan and screamed. 
“Gabriella, save your strength. The ambulance is on its way. Save your energy.” Joan hurried over to help Gabriella up, but with a hard shove, Gabriella threw Joan back against the wall. 
“I don’t need your pity, please stop looking at me like that. Who do you think you are? You’re just an ordinary village peasant. I don’t understand why Larry likes you. Why do you have to steal my man from me? Now that you’ve killed my child, I’m going to make you regret it for the rest of your life. I want you to live in guilt forever!” Gabriella said coldly. 
She nearly fell down a couple of times. Joan attempted to help her up each time but was rudely rebuffed. Perhaps she had already hated Joan to an unimaginable degree. 
Humans tend to perform desperate acts when they were irrational. Perhaps after many years, she would look back and remember that she had a child but was killed by Joan before it came into the world. 
“Doctor, over here! Hurry!” Joan cried. 
At this point, Gabriella was already unconscious on the floor. 
“Gabriella, wake up. We’re at the hospital,” Joan said as she violently shook her elbow. 
But Gabriella remained motionless. 
“Why did you do that for? That was your flesh and bone! Even if the baby isn’t Larry’s, but it was still yours!” Joan’s voice was unsteady. 
She suddenly felt guilty. If she had divorced Larry earlier, such a thing would not have happened.
“What? At the hospital? Okay, don’t panic. I’m coming right over…” Larry hung up the phone as he rushed out of his office. 
At the moment, Gabriella was still unconscious in the operating theater. 
She did not know what was going on in there. 
Joan was pacing nonstop by the door. Her face was full of panic. 
What am I going to do? Will the child be safe? Her hands were clasped in front of her in anxiety. 
That was Gabriella’s firstborn! 
“Gabriella, wake up.” Joan sat next to her bed and held Gabriella’s hand in her own. 
Her pale face and purplish lips made her look very weary. 
D*mn it, how could she do something so stupid? Joan rubbed her head in frustration, her eyes filled with pain. However, she did not expect danger to be lurking just around the corner.
###Chapter 2033
Chapter 2033 
“Joan!” Larry burst in. 
“What is it?” he looked intently at Joan as he awaited an explanation. 
“Gabriella had lost her child. She went to Ms. Young’s house, and…” Joan stammered. 
She was too emotional and did not know how to explain this to Larry. 
“Joan, take a deep breath. Don’t panic, and tell me from the start.” Larry caressed Joan’s hair gently to calm her down. 
“Gabriella!” A man barged in with fear in his eyes. 
“Gabriella, what happened to you? Wake up? The baby, where’s the baby?” the man bellowed to a nurse passing by as he blocked her path. 
“What are you talking about? I don’t know…” The nurse was frightened by his mad appearance. 
“What do you mean you don’t know? Gabriella is here in your hospital! It’s your job to know! She was fine this morning and now she’s lying comatose! What kind of doctors and nurses are you? I’m going to sue you! Hurry up and make her wake up. That woman who’s lying there in that ward. Hurry!” the man shouted, slightly demented. 
“Sir, please calm down. We know that we are worried for Ms. Ward, but she had just came out of surgery and needs rest, so if you could please lower down your voice,” the nurse replied awkwardly. 
Surgery? She went for surgery? The man’s eyes lit up.
“What did you say? Gabriella went for surgery? What for? When was she operated on?” the man gripped the nurse’s elbow tightly with no intention of letting go. 
The commotion drew a crowd of spectators. 
“Is this guy crazy or what?” 
“How rude of him to be making such a racket in a hospital…” 
“I heard it was because of a woman…” 
Slanderous gossip came from all sides. The man wasn’t affected, however. He did not even seem to notice that he was surrounded. 
“I don’t care, she must be awake by today!” The man pulled on the nurse’s arm to leave. 
“Sir, please mind yourself. I have to fetch some medication for a patient…” The nurse struggled. 
The supervisor promptly arrived and took the troublemaker into his office. 
Joan witnessed the entire spectacle with shock. She knew who that man was though this was the first time she laid eyes on him. She had not even heard Gabriella mentioning him. 
“Who was he?” Joan asked Larry in a low voice. 
“He is the father of the child in Gabriella’s womb,” Larry replied simply. 
Joan was shocked. 
Is the child within her not Larry’s? Why didn’t he say so? I’ve misunderstood him for so long. 
But… Joan stared at the woman on the bed and felt defeated.
Sometimes, women who were pure of heart wouldn’t think the worst of a situation, like how Joan was at that moment. 
“Joan, you should leave the country for a while,” Larry said suddenly. He had intended to take care of everything. 
What is the meaning of this? Why do I have to flee the country all of a sudden? Joan gazed curiously at the man before her. 
“Can’t you see why? Gabriella was gravely injured in Ms. Young’s house, and you were the only witness. Of course she would push the blame onto you. Do you think she would confess to stabbing herself?” Larry said coldly. 
Joan recalled Gabriella’s words in the house. 
Larry was right; Gabriella intended to frame me! Her plan was to create a scene with her unborn baby and force me and Larry to get a divorce! 
Joan was so busy being worried for Gabriella that it just occurred to Joan that maybe she ought to be worried for herself for a change. What would she do? Blackmail her with the threat of death? 
Larry would of course believe Joan. She would never do something like this. But Gabriella had extraordinary deviousness. She would have thought this through thoroughly to execute something as drastic as this.
###Chapter 2034
Chapter 2034 
What a cruel woman to sacrifice her child! Larry clenched his fists with a cold glare from his eyes. 
The woman on the bed stirred. 
White ceiling, white quilt, white bedsheets, white walls, everything was white. 
Of course, the hospital. 
Gabriella felt severe pain in her midsection. She threw off the quilt in a panic and touched her stomach. 
“My baby…” In an instant, her eyes were wet. 
Gabriella turned and caught sight of Joan standing nearby. 
“Joan, you are a murderer! You are the one who killed my child! Joan, give my child back to me!” Gabriella attempted to get out of bed. 
Larry pulled Joan behind him and glared fiercely at Gabriella. 
He had underestimated this woman; she was cruel enough to harm an unborn child. 
“Larry, what are you doing?” Gabriella screamed as she cradled her belly. “We’ve lost our child because of her! This b*tch, Joan Watts! Show yourself! Get lost, Larry!” 
“Gabriella, it wasn’t me, it really wasn’t,” Joan said in a quivery voice. 
“How dare you say it wasn’t you? Joan, my son is dead by your hand before even being born. What are you going to do about it? An eye for an eye, as they say. It’s only fair. You owe me…” Gabriella suddenly grabbed a drinking glass from her nightstand and flung it straight at Joan.
“Ah!” Joan’s forehead began bleeding. 
“Joan, are you alright?” Larry gazed at her with sorrow-filled eyes. 
Gabriella laughed coldly. 
This was the man that I had loved for many years, but he doesn’t even care when his child is lost. This b*tch just sustained a minor injury, and he looked so concerned! 
“Larry, need I remind you that she was the one who had caused the death of our child?” 
“What child is there between me and you?” Larry asked coldly. 
Gabriella was taken aback but swiftly composed herself. 
What does he know? 
But it doesn’t matter now. The child is gone and there was no way to do any paternity testing. He wouldn’t know whose child it was! A cold glint flashed across Gabriella’s eyes. 
I will convince the world that this dead unborn child is Larry’s! 
“Gabriella, what world are you living in? I know Joan’s character. She would never have laid a finger on your womb!” Larry shouted severely. 
What a lovesick idiot! Gabriella glared at him whilst gritting her teeth. 
He trusts her to this extent! 
Alright, Larry. If you trust her so much, I will make sure this b*tch suffers!
“Joan, why won’t you admit what you did? You know, I really respect you for needing a man to bear your crimes for you.” Gabriella applauded sarcastically. 
“Gabriella, I’m upset seeing you like this, but you couldn’t push the blame on me. You of all people know how the child met its end. Why must you frame me? Why did you have to sacrifice a child for nothing?” Joan said in a shaky voice. 
At the thought of the child, Joan could not stop her tears from spilling. 
That was a life within her! It was her flesh and bone! Joan clenched her fists with pain in her eyes. 
But what good does denying it do? Who else was there at the scene? The kid was already asleep. Ms. Young and Larry weren’t home. It was only me and that b*tch in the living room. Who else could testify on her behalf? 
You b*tch, I’ve got you! Gabriella’s eyes flashed coldly. 
“Gabriella, if you had a bit of a conscience, you would be remorseful for what you did earlier. It wasn’t anybody else’s child. It was your own!” Larry said coldly.
###Chapter 2035
Chapter 2035 
“No, Larry. The child is yours as well. You’re the biological father. You can’t sit out of this one. I want to sue her for the murder of my child and theft of my man!” Gabriella shrieked. 
The nurse who was passing by jumped in fright at the sudden explosion of Gabriella’s voice. 
Joan was shaking from head to toe. Her eyes were filled with tears. 
Larry, who was by her side, gave a sarcastic laugh. 
What a joke. How dare she blame another for something that she had done with her own hand? Accusations like these require proof! 
“Gabriella, you keep saying that Joan was the one to kill your baby. What proof do you have?” Larry said at length. 
Gabriella knew he would ask that. She had prepared for this eventuality. 
“I agree with you. Joan, you’re innocent, aren’t you? Let’s look for some evidence!” Gabriella said severely. 
What evidence will she procure? The pair of scissors was used by Gabriella herself. What other evidence does she require? Joan clenched her fists. She had a bad feeling about this. 
Gabriella seemed extremely sure of herself to make such bold claims. Larry’s eyes flashed uneasily. 
That’s not right, it shouldn’t be! If Gabriella was the one to have done it, she would be scared at the mention of producing evidence! Larry stroked his chin as he glared suspiciously at Gabriella. 
What else does she have up her sleeve? Larry frowned slightly.
Gabriella never made claims to things that she wasn’t sure of. 
This woman must have something else in store. Larry’s eyes flashed coldly. 
“What is it? Are you scared? Joan, if you are scared, please surrender your crimes to a police station. If you don’t intend to repent, then do not blame me for being ruthless by sending the evidence to the cops,” Gabriella said coldly. 
When was she ever not ruthless with me? Has empathy ever existed between the both of us? Joan twisted her hands in distress, not because of the so-called evidence, but because she was unable to get the image of Gabriella stabbing her stomach with the scissors out of her head. 
“Gabriella, I do not know what evidence you have, but I will never admit to something I did not do,” Joan said determinedly after composing herself. 
Hmph! What a stubborn b*tch. She knows very well that I am torturing her and framing her, but she still would not give up! Gabriella glared at her with disdain. 
“All will be revealed by examining the surveillance tapes. Larry, have a look and you’ll learn the truth,” Gabriella said calmly. 
Her cool tone of voice was making Larry very uneasy. 
There was surveillance cameras in Ms. Young’s living room? Larry gazed suspiciously at Joan. 
Joan felt trapped too. She had never heard of any surveillance equipment being installed in Delilah’s living room. 
“There is no surveillance at home,” Joan replied quietly as she shook her head. 
Gabriella laughed coldly.
“How was that possible? Ms. Young was the richest woman in the entire village. Of course, she would have a surveillance system in place,” Gabriella said deliberately. 
Joan hurriedly fished out her phone and strode out of the ward. 
“Hello, Ms. Young? Do we have a surveillance system at home?” Joan asked urgently. 
“What is it, Joan? Why do you sound so anxious? Yes, we do. I had installed one in the living room but it hasn’t been in use. Now that things were becoming less peaceful, I had turned it on. But how do you know that we have a surveillance system in our living room?” Delilah said at length. 
It was true! 
In an instant, Joan’s eyes grew dim. 
She did not understand how it was possible for Gabriella to know about the surveillance system. What did she do this time? Joan was beginning to feel the sense of unease too.
###Chapter 2036
Chapter 2036 
Since the system had been in place, it was possible that the events of the day would have been recorded. In an instant, Joan’s eyes lit up. 
“Larry, there really is a surveillance system in place at home. I did not lay a finger on Gabriella,” Joan said in a low voice. 
“The camera has recorded everything. Just go have a look,” Gabriella taunted them again. 
Larry looked at Joan and then at Gabriella and hesitated. 
Gabriella would not allow them to see the footage that easily unless she had prepared everything beforehand. If he took the bait, it would only harm Joan. 
“What is it, Larry? Are you going to cover up for her?” Gabriella asked viciously. 
“Alright, we’ll look at the surveillance records,” Joan suddenly said determinedly. 
Excellent! Gabriella clenched her fists and stared menacingly. 
“Wait, Joan. I think…” Larry hesitated. 
“Larry, if you don’t believe her, we don’t have to look at the records. We can just send her to the police station.” 
D*mn Gabriella and her bullshit. Joan is the person I trust the most in the world. This woman is exceptionally skilled in the art of instigation. Larry clenched his fists hard as his eyes flashed coldly. 
What a thick-skinned woman. She knows that she was in the wrong and is still trying to attempt a deception with the surveillance footage.
“Alright, we’ll look at the records.” Larry pulled Joan by the arm and departed. Soon, all three were in the car on the way to Delilah’s house. 
Godd*mn scumbag. Do you only have that b*tch in your heart? The woman you should be protecting and caring for is me! Gabriella’s eyes flashed coldly. 
The jealousy between women was more vicious than the duels between men on the battlefield. Cruel women like Gabriella were especially so. 
She did not care if it broke the law because she was confident that she would tie up all loose ends. But in truth, there would always be a trail left to be picked up on that would lead straight back to her. 
So, all that was left to do was to sit and wait. 
“Don’t worry, Joan. I trust you. You are not the kind of person who would do something like that.” Larry hugged Joan tightly and spoke softly in her ear. 
For some unknown reason, Joan was feeling extremely uneasy. She did not do anything at all but couldn’t help feeling worried. Gabriella was no ordinary person. If she did not have absolute confidence in the situation, why did she brazenly offer up the surveillance footage? 
Joan’s eyes flashed coldly. 
If the surveillance system had been manipulated, what would I do then? 
“What is it, Joan? Are you feeling ill?” Larry gazed at her in a panic. 
“It’s nothing, I just…” Joan hesitated. 
“Hmm?” Larry gazed at her expectantly.
But what am I supposed to say? Am I supposed to confess that I’m scared and uneasy? But what was the reason for those emotions? But if I didn’t do anything wrong, why should I be afraid? 
“What’s going on, Joan? You look distracted. Are you feeling remorse?” We can go back, you know,” Gabriella sneered. 
We’re already here. Why would we go back? 
“Don’t worry, Joan. I’m here and I will protect you.” Larry touched Joan’s hair gently. 
D*mn it! 
Gabriella clenched her fists and grimaced in anger at the couple. 
What about me? That scumbag does not care about me at all! Gabriella turned away so as to not have to look at them. 
At last, the car pulled to a stop, and the three of them arrived at Delilah’s home. 
There was no one in. Delilah had not returned, and Lucius had left for school. It was the perfect time to watch the surveillance footage.
###Chapter 2037
Chapter 2037 
Beep! 
Gabriella snatched her phone up and glanced at it. It was a text. After scanning the brief text, Gabriella’s lips curled with satisfaction. 
“Alright. Since we’re here, it’s time to watch the footage,” Gabriella said deliberately. 
The earlier the better. So Larry can leave that b*tch sooner. 
She is a devious fox but is still trying to act like an innocent flower. What a b*tch! Gabriella had a mean and hungry look in her eyes. 
“Come, Larry. Let’s not waste time and watch the footage,” Gabriella said briskly. 
Larry was vaguely uneasy at the sight of Gabriella’s brimming confidence. He felt that Gabriella wouldn’t give up this easily, and certainly won’t be this docile and obedient. 
Finally, the screen flickered to life. 
But it was not what Joan had expected. 
“No, Larry, it wasn’t like this,” Joan said in a panic. “I was very far away from her at the time, but this footage…” Joan hesitated. 
It was obvious. Somebody had manipulated the footage. 
Stupid b*tch! Your innocence will be the death of you! Gabriella glared at her fiercely but said nothing.
The truth was displayed in front of them. Gabriella wanted to see what Larry would decide and how he would choose. One thing is for sure: I will ruin Joan’s life! 
“Larry, you wanted evidence, here it is. What else do you have to say? Joan, you’re a killer and this is the proof. What’s the matter? Are you still going to deny it?” Gabriella glared at her with disdain and hatred. 
“No, I did not kill your son. Larry, you have to believe me. It wasn’t me who did it! I stood very far away from her at that time. She stabbed herself with a pair of scissors. It really wasn’t me…” Joan sobbed as she tried to explain herself. 
Larry’s eyes grew dim. 
The Joan in his heart was kind, innocent, and elegant. She wouldn’t have concerned herself with these worldly matters. But how would she explain what the tape showed? 
The video was crystal clear. Joan and Gabriella were fighting over something when suddenly Joan’s face turned into a sickly green color as she grabbed the pair of scissors from the desk and plunged it deep into Gabriella’s belly. 
If it wasn’t true, how could she explain the existence of this video? And it was in such high definition, too. If somebody had manipulated it, Larry would have identified it at once, given his skill. But he didn’t. 
Of course he wouldn’t be able to. The person Gabriella had hired was a world-class professional. The whole point was to deceive Larry. 
“Joan, are you still going to deny it? You’re a shameless woman. How could you be so cold when human life is at stake? Answer me this. If the woman in the footage is not you, who else could it be? Could it be two of me?” Gabriella asked coldly.
Joan was momentarily lost for words. 
The woman in the footage was indeed her, but she could not understand how this image was conjured. 
“Gabriella, you’re obviously framing me to bear the cost for your crimes. You are cruel!” Joan pointed an accusatory finger at Gabriella. 
Oh, this is just the appetizer. I have more in store for you, b*tch! Gabriella clenched her fists and walked slowly toward Joan. 
“What is it? Would you like to turn yourself in, or would you like me to send you to the cops?” 
“Larry, are you suspecting me of manipulating the footage? I was at the hospital the entire time. You know that, you were there with me. How could I have the time to set her up? Besides, why would I need to do any of those? These are facts! Everything you saw in the footage is facts! I don’t care. Joan will get what she deserves in the eyes of the law.” Gabriella shouted.
###Chapter 2038
Chapter 2038 
She really wants me dead, doesn’t she? A trace of terror flashed across Joan’s eyes. 
Why is Gabriella so aggressive? We’re both women and we even used to be close. Why must she turn things between us ugly? 
“Gabriella, give me three days to discuss with Joan whether to get a divorce or turn herself in. After three days, I’ll definitely give you an answer,” said Larry slowly. 
He could not think of any other solution at that moment other than buying himself some time to find out the truth in the shortest time possible. 
“Okay, Lars, three days it is then. I don’t like delays, so I hope you can be a man of your word. I give you three days because it’s you. Anyway, I’m tired. I’m leaving.” After speaking, Gabriella turned and left. 
Joan instantly plopped down on the sofa with a blank look on her face. 
“Joan, are you okay?” Larry looked at her worriedly. 
How could I be okay and happy when I’m being accused of doing something I didn’t do? Besides, this man seems to be suspicious of me. Joan was disheartened. 
“Tell me, Larry, you don’t believe me anymore, do you?” she asked cautiously. 
At this, Larry hesitated and shifted his gaze. 
How can I believe her? There’s evidence. He sighed. 
“Mom, I’m back,” Lucius suddenly shouted.
Joan hurriedly rose to her feet and made a dash for her room, trying to pick herself back up. 
“Oh, Dad? Why are you back so early today?” The boy gave Larry a doubtful look as Larry did not go home until midnight recently because of his work. 
Why must I turn myself in? I’m innocent! I did nothing! Joan inwardly yelled. 
You damned b*tch are so stubborn! You should just admit it at this point! A smirk crept over Gabriella’s face. Oh, Larry, you need to make a decision now! 
“Joan, did you really not do anything? But why would there be such surveillance footage?” There was a hint of disappointment and a deep sense of disbelief in Larry’s voice. 
Before that, he was certain that it was not Joan’s doing, but the surveillance footage at that moment proved otherwise. What should I do? It won’t do Joan any good if things blow up. 
“Say it, Gabriella, how do you want to deal with this?” Larry asked through his gritted teeth. 
Very simple. Send her to the police and ruin the b*tch’s reputation! Gabriella clenched her fists with a cold look in her eyes. 
Larry slowly walked up to her and gave her a serious look. 
“What do you want?” 
There’s only one thing I want—it’s you, Larry! 
“I want you to divorce Joan and marry me. That’s it,” replied Gabriella coldly. 
“No way. Joan will always be my only wife,” the man declared sternly.
It was absolutely impossible for him to divorce Joan. It was his limit. As he had promised, he wanted to protect and take care of her forever. 
“Alright then, send her to the police.” It was a simple yet powerful response. 
Ha. It must be awful to be framed! Looking at Joan, Gabriella pursed her mouth in a self-satisfied smirk. 
Serves you right! This is what you get for stealing my man! Gabriella clenched her fists so tightly that her nails were digging into the skin of her palm. 
“Gabriella, did you tamper with this surveillance footage?” Larry shot her a suspicious look. 
Gabriella knew that he was just trying to sound her out as he had used the same trick many times. Too bad you won’t succeed.
###Chapter 2039
Chapter 2039 
“Oh, um, your mom isn’t feeling well today, so I came back early to check on her.” Larry touched Lucius’ head and flashed him an affectionate smile. 
“What? Mom’s not feeling well? Why? Where’s she? How’s she feeling now? Is she getting better?” Lucius asked, feeling worried. 
Joan, who was in the bedroom, was touched at the boy’s words. 
Perhaps this boy is the only person in this world who will believe me. She bit her finger to keep her emotion in control. 
Gasp! 
Lucius slowly tiptoed into her room. 
“Mom? Are you feeling better?” Lying down next to Joan, he looked at her worriedly, feeling distressed. 
“Don’t worry. I’m just having an upset stomach. I’m fine. Be a good boy and do your homework.” Joan gently stroked his hair with a warm, fuzzy feeling inside her. 
After chatting for a while, Lucius went to his room and began doing his homework. 
Meanwhile, Larry also went into the kitchen to prepare food. 
Ring! Ring! Ring! 
Glancing at his phone, Larry answered the call. 
“How’s it? Did the man do anything?” he asked.
“Larry, that man only chatted for a while with Gabriella at the hospital and returned home without doing anything.” Caspian sounded dubious as he had a feeling that there was more to it than met the eye. However, he could not find any faults and flaws. 
I can’t believe Gabriella actually becomes so meticulous and cautious after coming back from overseas. Caspian knitted his brows. 
“Keep your eyes on him. Also, get the surveillance footage of the cameras around Ms. Young’s house,” Larry instructed in a hushed voice. 
After giving his instruction, he directly threw his phone on the sofa on the side and took a knife to cut the ribs. 
“Whoa, what’s going on? Can pigs fly now?” Delilah shouted when she walked to the living room. 
“Ms. Young, I’m just trying to cook you a meal,” replied Larry. 
“Oh, sure.” Delilah then went into her room. 
Judging from Larry’s expression, it seems that he and Joan have reconciled. Delilah smiled in satisfaction. Life’s always full of wonders and surprises, but it’s beautiful. 
Delilah closed her eyes and gradually fell asleep. 
Joan did not know how to explain certain things as she did not even know why there would be such surveillance footage. It’s impossible that Gabriella set me up as she was in the hospital at that time and could not go out at all unless someone helped her. 
Meanwhile, Larry had been sitting on the sofa in the living room smoking with an indifferent look on his face. He was perturbed as he did not know how to resolve the tricky situation in three days.
Ring! Ring! Ring! 
Larry glanced at the caller ID and hurriedly picked up the call. 
“Larry, the surveillance footage has been tampered with, but…” Caspian faltered because he could not restore the original footage. 
“Okay.” Larry sounded tired. 
Caspian knew that he was exhausted. He had been overwhelmed by works recently, so naturally, he was anxious now that he had to deal with such a tricky matter. 
“Go and find the expert in this area,” Larry said calmly. 
He did not believe that Gabriella had such a skill. Besides, her friends were mostly socialites and sons of the rich, and she barely had any friends that had a decent job. Therefore, the greatest possibility was that she hired someone to do it. 
Throughout the night, Larry sat on the sofa working with his laptop. He did not have time to sleep, nor comfort Joan. Although Joan did hurt Gabriella in the surveillance footage, he decided to believe the former after thinking about it for a long time.
###Chapter 2040
Chapter 2040 
However, Gabriella would definitely not let it slide. If Larry could not find out anything in three days, she might really send Joan to the police, which was the last thing he wanted to see. Since the beginning, Gabriella just wants me, so in a sense, I’m the reason Joan’s in such a situation. 
At the same time, Joan had suffered from insomnia and could not sleep for the whole night, making the dark circles under her eyes obvious. 
He doesn’t believe me anymore, does he? Joan clenched her fists. 
I’m just an ordinary woman with an ordinary family, but why should I go through such dramas? I’m not an actress, nor do I want to act, but I often get involved in some catfights. 
Soon, the sun came up. Feeling frowsy, Joan slowly closed her eyes. 
The door was pushed open with a creak. 
Larry tiptoed up to the bed and stroked the woman’s hair gently, feeling distressed. 
She must be terrified. It’s my fault for being unable to protect her. Leaning over, he planted a kiss on Joan’s forehead. She slowly opened her eyes probably because she felt his warmth. 
“Did I wake you?” Larry looked sorry. 
“No, I just…” Joan faltered. 
Knowing what was in her mind, Larry held her hand tightly, trying to soothe her. 
“It’s okay. Don’t worry. I got you, so you’ll be fine. Just rest at home these few days, and don’t go out. Call in sick. I’m afraid Gabriella will target you,” he hurriedly said.
In an instant, a warm, fuzzy feeling filled Joan’s heart. So he chooses to believe in me. Tears welled up in her eyes. 
“Sleep more. I’m gonna go to work as there are many projects recently. I’ve already sent someone to investigate the surveillance footage.” 
He was always so thoughtful that nothing seemed like a problem as long as he was there with her. A hint of sorrow flashed across her eyes. I must be out of my mind when I even suspected him of sleeping with Gabriella and wanted a divorce. 
When she was the only one left in the house, she walked out of her room and slumped onto the sofa. Will I really go to jail if we can’t find any evidence? The thought made her feel panicky. She could not bear to leave Larry, Delilah, Lucius, and her friends at the supermarket. 
Knock knock knock. 
The sudden knock at the door startled her. 
Who’s that? Gabriella? But it hasn’t been three days yet. Why does she come so soon? Joan paced up and down in the living room, not knowing what to do. 
“Joan, open the door!” Dustin got anxious while knocking on the door. 
It’s him! 
Joan hurriedly ran over to get the door. 
“What are you doing in the house? I’ve been knocking for so long,” the man complained in a low voice. 
“Oh. Um, I didn’t hear it earlier,” Joan replied softly.
“So how’s Gabriella? Did she find fault with you again? She’ll definitely not let things slide, so you’d better go overseas and lie low. You can come back after everything has passed.” Dustin gave her a serious look. 
She knew that he made the suggestion for her own good, but she thought that she had nothing to be afraid of as she was innocent. Besides, Gabriella might badmouth her if she really went abroad. 
“I won’t leave. My conscience is clear,” Joan replied firmly. 
How can this stupid woman still talk about clear conscience? It’s already good enough if she can stay alive. A cruel woman like Gabriella won’t do this kind of thing easily and sacrifice her baby without being fully prepared. 
“Joan, I know you did nothing, but what evidence can Larry find in three days? Will Gabriella, the b*tch, let him find the evidence so easily? Don’t be stupid. Her target has always been Larry. If Larry gives in to her demand, she’ll let you off. Otherwise, you’ll only be sent to the police.”
###Chapter 2041
Chapter 2041 
Dustin was right. Everything was off the table with Gabriella unless Larry divorced Joan. 
At the same time, Joan knew very well that Larry would definitely not divorce her. 
“Come with me. We’ll go overseas for some time.” Dustin looked at her expectantly. 
He knew that Joan had concerns, but he was worried that she would end up in jail if she did not think for herself. What is more important than one’s reputation? 
“You don’t want Lucius to have a mom who’s a prisoner, do you?” 
Suddenly, Joan’s eyes lit up. 
That’s right. I should be responsible for the boy. I can’t let him suffer from humiliation. 
“Dustin, I’ll consider your suggestion. Don’t worry. The truth will come to light. I believe Larry will help me find out the truth,” Joan whispered. 
She knew that she could not run away no matter what. If she wanted to go overseas, she wanted to do it openly, instead of running away and being criticized by others. 
Seeing that she was still so stubborn and trusted the man so much, Dustin was sad. 
Why can’t she give me a chance? 
In the end, Dustin gave up persuading her for he knew that it would be pointless. 
Ring! Ring! Ring! 
Joan glanced at the caller ID and answered the call.
“Joan, what’s going on? I heard that Gabriella has lost her baby and that it has something to do with you. Are you all right?” Nancy asked anxiously. 
She had been staying at home and had not gone out much, so she was shocked to learn that something so serious had happened. 
“Nancy, how are you? Is your baby okay?” Joan purposely changed the subject. 
She knew that Nancy was hot-tempered, particularly when she was pregnant now. Hence, if she told Nancy about what happened, the latter would surely confront Gabriella about it. 
“Joan, don’t change the topic. I wanna know what exactly is going on. If that b*tch, Gabriella, dares to bully you, I won’t let her off. She actually has the nerve to say that she wants to steal Larry away from you and marry him when she was pregnant with the child of another man, and…” Nancy babbled. 
Hold on. What does she mean? Gabriella claims that the baby she carried was Larry’s, so why did Nancy say that it was another man’s? Joan frowned slightly, feeling suspicious. 
“Nancy, did you just say another man?” she asked dubiously. 
“Yeah. She’s so shameless that she actually found a man to impregnate her, saying that she wanted to get money from her family or something. I’m not sure either,” Nancy explained plainly. 
No, I must get to the bottom of this. She can’t pin her pregnancy on Larry. Gabriella has gone too far. I can’t believe that she actually did such a shameless thing. However, Joan wondered if what Nancy said was true or just her guesswork. 
“Nancy, do you know the man? Where’s he now?” Joan hurriedly asked.
“Nearby my neighborhood. I’ve been very lazy recently and barely leave the house, so I usually buy clothes from a clothing store nearby and become acquainted with the people working at the store. But I think the store owner has moved out.” 
What a great surprise. Nancy’s my Lady Luck. Joan got excited and became a little incoherent. 
“Um, Nancy, are you free to meet now? Let’s talk,” Joan hurriedly asked. 
“Sure. It’s been a while. Let’s get pizza. Jory has been controlling my diet recently. I’m going crazy,” Nancy proposed. 
The two soon came to an agreement and left their houses respectively after hanging up their phones. However, Joan did not notice that someone was following them.
###Chapter 2042
Chapter 2042 
The pizza joint was packed with customers at night. The two women stood at the entrance, feeling envious. 
“Nancy, why don’t we eat something lighter? You’re pregnant…” Joan faltered, not knowing how to dissuade Nancy. 
“Oh, it’s okay, Joan. Don’t worry. I’ve been craving for it, but Jory keeps stopping me. Just eat with me today, okay?” Nancy pleaded while shaking her arm and pouting. 
Unable to say no to her, Joan had no choice but to enter the pizza joint with her. 
As usual, the two of them asked for a private room, but the person tailing them followed closely. 
Seemingly sensing something, Nancy kept glancing around. 
“Nancy, what’s wrong? You look anxious,” Joan asked. 
She did not want anything to happen to Nancy, who was now pregnant. 
“Joan, I don’t know why but I keep having the feeling of being watched. It’s true. I’ve got a good sixth sense,” Nancy replied in a hushed voice with her hand around her mouth. 
The two of them were instantly on their guard. It was not safe recently. Besides, Larry had also reminded Joan not to go out before he left for work, so it was normal that someone was following them. However, Joan was worried that Nancy, who was pregnant, would be hurt. 
No. I need to make some preparations. Joan took out her phone and made a call.
She then hurriedly said to the phone, “Ask Larry for some time off and come over. Tell him I ask you to come. I’m afraid something will happen to Nancy.” 
“Okay, Joan. I’m coming right away.” Caspian hung up the phone. 
Larry had never said no to Joan’s request. The fact that she could think of him when she was in trouble was enough to make him happy all day. 
“Take more men with you. You must ensure their safety. I’ll hold you responsible if something happens to them,” Larry ordered in a low voice. 
Soon, Caspian entered the pizza joint with a group of men. Instead of going directly to Joan’s private room, he first got his men a table. Although he was uncouth, he knew how to reward his men. Moreover, he could afford a pizza meal. 
“Boss, those are Larry’s men,” a man with a fierce expression said. 
They come here so soon. It seems that Larry really cares a lot about this b*tch. 
“Implement Plan B now. Hurry up!” 
Knock knock knock. 
Nancy looked up at Joan in shock as they did not invite any others over and their food was already served. 
Smiling, Joan immediately went to open the door. 
She thought that it was Caspian, but it turned out to be a server. 
“Miss, here’s some fruit juice on the house. The boss said that pregnant ladies can’t drink alcohol, so it’s better to have some fruit juice,” the server announced with a serious look on his face.
“Oh, thank you,” Joan replied politely without any doubt, not knowing that the server was a man sent by Gabriella. 
“Here you go. The boss gives this to you. Drink it. It’s not alcohol.” 
Nancy was stunned for a moment. 
“There’s no ongoing event at the shop. Seems like the boss gives this only to us,” Nancy muttered. 
Without thinking much, Joan poured the fruit juice into their glasses. 
Knock knock knock. It was Caspian this time. 
“Hey, why are you here? You’re in time to foot the bill,” Nancy said unceremoniously. 
She’s still as beautiful and cheerful as usual, but there’s a more feminine air to her now. Caspian smiled. 
She should be doing well I guess. ”Yes, I’m here to pay for y’all.” 
Seeing that the two of them could still joke together, Joan grinned.
###Chapter 2043
Chapter 2043 
“Hey, Caspian, I notice that you’ve become more handsome.” Nancy let out a hearty laugh. 
“Have I? You don’t regret breaking up with me, do you?” Caspian teased. 
Joan gasped, but Nancy did not find it awkward as she replied, “Maybe I will if you get even more handsome.” 
The two of them looked at each other and laughed. Not knowing what was really up with them, Joan did not chime in. 
After exchanging greetings, the two got Joan to join in their conversation, and they began to chat away. Nancy and Caspian had fun probably because they had not seen each other for a long time. 
“Alright. Alright. You’re killing me. Let me have a drink.” Caspian then looked for alcohol but found only fruit juice on the table. 
“Here. This is on the house as Nancy can’t drink.” Joan poured him a glass of fruit juice. 
After a while, they quietened down and rested on the table, probably feeling tired. 
Thinking about Larry, Joan abruptly looked up at Nancy inquisitively. 
“Nancy, did you say that you know the store owner?” 
If she really knows the man, everything can be handled easily. Listening to Joan’s question, Caspian was baffled. In fact, he was curious about their get-together at the pizza joint today. 
“Yeah. We’re pretty close. I thought you knew. Gabriella, that b*tch, is so scheming,” Nancy slowly replied.
Realization instantly hit Caspian. 
“What do you mean by that?” he asked calmly. 
“Gabriella told us that her baby was Larry’s,” Joan stated straightforwardly. 
Nancy spat out the water onto Caspian’s face. 
“What? That’s impossible! Larry won’t do something like that. That’s simply impossible. The store owner is very close to me, so it’s impossible that he’ll lie to me. Didn’t Gabriella get pregnant because she wanted to get some money from her family to do some investment? If the Wards knew about her pregnancy, they would treat her well…” explained Nancy. 
What’s on earth going on? Why is there such a strange rumor? The Wards won’t care about the baby Gabriella has considering that she’s been kicked out from the Wards! Besides, the Wards can’t possibly acknowledge her after she gets pregnant out of wedlock without even knowing whose child it is… Caspian let out a sigh as he found Nancy to be as naive as before. 
“So everything that I was told is fake?” Nancy muttered to herself while tilting her head. 
The top priority was to find the store owner whom Nancy mentioned, so as to prove Larry’s innocence. 
“Nancy, do you still have contact with the owner? Can you find him?” Joan grabbed Nancy’s arms and asked anxiously. 
Nancy was shocked at how concerned Joan looked. 
Is what they just said true? Did Gabriella really frame Larry? Damn it. That b*tch is so annoying. He’s already married, and yet she still keeps pestering him.
“Joan, don’t worry. I’ve got his contact number. I’m gonna help you to clear Larry’s name,” Nancy declared resolutely. 
As the three of them continued to chat and eat, they somehow grew tired and sleepy. 
“I’m so sleepy.” Nancy shook her head, trying to make herself feel more awake. 
“I’m tired too,” murmured Joan. 
Caspian felt the same as well, so it dawned on him that they must have been drugged. 
It could not be a coincidence that all the three of them felt tired at the same time. 
Someone must be behind this. 
Caspian hastily took out his phone to make a call, but he blacked out right after pressed on the keypad.
###Chapter 2044
Chapter 2044 
In the end, the three of them passed out and slumped on the table. 
Thud! The door to the private room was kicked open. 
“Take her away!” A man pointed at Joan and commanded. 
Meanwhile, Jory was busy with work. 
“Mr. Synder!” Suddenly, his assistant rushed in hastily. 
“What is it? Calm down and speak slowly,” came Jory’s soft reply. 
He disliked others who barged into his office without even bothering to knock on the door. If this had happened in the past, he would’ve fired the person without hesitation. However, after Nancy got pregnant, he tried his best to hold back his temper lest she and her child got affected. 
“Mrs. Synder went to have pizza and suddenly passed out,” replied his assistant carefully. 
Hearing his words, Jory flung the file he was holding down in shock and grabbed his phone before stalking out. 
“Who allowed her to have pizza? Who was she with?” he demanded. 
“She was with Ms. Watts,” the assistant answered. Immediately, Jory came to a stop. 
Oh, it was a gathering. But why did Nancy faint all of a sudden? He couldn’t wrap his head around it. 
Soon, a black car arrived at the entrance of the pizza joint.
“Mr. Synder, I had no idea it was Mrs. Synder. She fell asleep here.” The owner of the place came to greet him warmly. 
Ha! He’s trying to disassociate himself from this incident. If we find out she’s not asleep but unconscious, I shall make him pay! An icy glint flashed across Jory’s eyes. 
“Nancy, wake up!” he shook her arms. 
Nancy didn’t respond to his calls. To his utter fury, Caspian was slumped in a heap beside her. 
He picked her up in frustration and brought her to the hospital. 
“Doctor, is my wife alright?” Jory asked worriedly. 
“She’s fine. I don’t understand why she took sleeping pills in the day? Did she have a hard time falling asleep at night?” The doctor stared at him curiously. 
Oh, I see. 
Jory whipped his phone out to call someone. 
“Don’t touch any of the dishes in the room. Get someone to run a test. Also, Joan is missing. Send some men to search for her. Remember to inform Larry too.” 
Nancy was still unconscious while lying in bed. 
Nancy, why did you meet Caspian? Sorrow flitted across Jory’s gaze. 
Ring! Ring! 
“What? Joan’s missing? What about Caspian? Where is he?” Larry seemed anxious.
“Mr. Norton, your subordinate is still at the pizza joint, but your wife is missing,” replied the manager cautiously. 
Thud! 
Larry’s fist landed on the wall, causing the surrounding people to jump back in fear. 
“Send him to the hospital,” the man ordered, his finger pointing at Caspian. 
Clearly, it was Gabriella who had planned something this despicable. He couldn’t think of someone else who had a grudge against Joan. 
Is she that impatient to get rid of Joan? His gaze flashed menacingly. 
“Gabriella, where did you hide Joan?” Larry tamped down his irritation and demanded. 
Ha! Finally, he’s here to get her. Gabriella flashed a cunning smile and schooled her expression carefully. 
“Lars, what are you talking about? I didn’t meet Joan. The three days aren’t up yet. There’s no way I’d harm her,” she replied in a low voice. 
Actually, her men had been watching Delilah’s house just in case. Those who knew Larry well would know he was a meticulous person. After what had happened, he refused to let Joan step out of their home, but still, the b*tch didn’t listen to him and caused trouble. Hence, no one could be blamed for what happened.
###Chapter 2045
Chapter 2045 
“If anything happens to Joan, I will make sure you won’t see the sunrise next day,” he declared. 
What a joke! Does he have any proof? Is he acting this indifferent to me because I like him? Gabriella scoffed inwardly. 
How funny. My crush fell in love with the woman who used to be my best friend. Now, I’m trying to break them up so I can marry Larry myself. 
What is the point getting myself in this mess? I know it’s useless, but I refuse to back down. Why is Joan adored by many? Why is that b*tch so lucky? 
“Larry, Joan isn’t with me. Unless you have proof that she’s with me, stop calling me.” Gabriella hung up abruptly after saying that. 
That was the first time she had ever spoken that harshly to Larry. It felt exhilarating. Gabriella had enough of putting up with Larry’s temper. 
Larry, I will never back down or admit defeat this time! Her nails dug deep into her palms, nearly drawing blood. 
Ring! Ring! 
“Hello? Where are you now?” 
“Ms. Ward, she’s still unconscious. Where shall we bring her? Where are you?” a young voice replied carefully. 
“I’ll send you the address. Bring her there.” Gabriella cut the line after giving her orders.
Previously, she didn’t show herself and only hired some hitmen to take Joan down. Yet, she didn’t succeed. This time, she decided to see the woman herself. She was going to die soon, so it wouldn’t take much time. 
Gabriella put on her cap, mask, and scarf to cover herself so Joan wouldn’t recognize her. Alas, she didn’t know Joan would still recognize her no matter what. Gabriella was Joan’s closest friend, so the latter knew her very well. 
Shortly after, the vehicle stopped in front of a hotel. 
“Where is she?” demanded Gabriella. 
“In the room. She’s still asleep,” came the man’s calm reply. 
Oh? She’s still asleep? 
Slam! Gabriella shut the door and slowly made her way to the bed. 
Joan, no matter how hard you fight back, you ended up being abducted by me. 
If you had divorced Larry earlier, I wouldn’t have to waste so much effort to abduct you. A scornful smile flitted across her lips. 
Larry must be panicking now. That’s right! He must be going crazy since you went missing! 
Funny, right? I’ve been with him for years, but you’re the person he loves. 
Gabriella clenched her fists and ground her teeth angrily. 
The sun slowly moved to shine directly on Joan’s face. Perhaps the sunlight was too glaring, for she slowly opened her eyes.
Where am I? Finding herself in an unfamiliar environment, Joan stretched lazily. 
She remembered she was eating pizza with Nancy. They also asked Caspian to come, then… 
Wait, I’m not in the pizza joint anymore! Her eyes widened in surprise as she tried to figure out where she was. Finally, she realized something was not right. 
“You’re awake?” Suddenly, a woman wearing a mask and shades stood up beside her. 
“You are…” Joan trailed off hesitantly. 
She immediately recognized Gabriella’s voice, but the latter was all covered up. What is she trying to do? 
“Gabriella, what are you planning?” she voiced her doubts out loud.
###Chapter 2046
Chapter 2046 
In response, the woman burst into laughter. 
Huh? Why is she laughing? Kidnapping is a crime! 
“Joan Watts, you better think carefully before speaking. Remember, a loose tongue leads to trouble,” came Gabriella’s reply as she tried to tamp down her feelings. 
“Why did you drug and kidnap me?” 
Gabriella found her question ironic for she had been after Larry for years. She should know what I’m after. 
“I want to know what your choice is. When will you leave? Or will you enter jail?” Gabriella went straight to the point. 
Only Gabriella would be interested in that. 
“There are still three days left, right? I will leave it to God. It’s either we get a divorce or I will be sent to jail. I didn’t harm anyone, and my conscience is clear,” Joan stated firmly. 
Gabriella nearly burst out indignantly after hearing that Joan’s conscience was clear. It has been years. Doesn’t she feel bad at all? She took my man away from me and caused my family to kick me out. 
“Joan, stop talking nonsense. You need to admit to your mistake.” The woman sipped on her tea. 
What did I do wrong? Joan shook her head and sighed. 
It was scary to run into a crazy admirer who would scheme to harm everyone standing in her way.
“Do you think I wouldn’t recognize you in your disguise?” sneered Joan. 
Once she spoke, Joan immediately knew she was Gabriella though she kept denying it. 
She kept alternating between a harmless woman and a vindictive woman. It must be tiring for her. 
“Why are you laughing? You haven’t answered my question yet?” Gabriella yelled loudly. 
There was a menacing air about her, but Joan was no longer afraid. 
If Gabriella took her life, it was fate. There was no need for her to be terrified right now. 
“Say something!” 
What? Does she want me to flatter her or beg for her forgiveness? Why should I? Joan was usually meek, but she could be imposing if needed. 
“Gabriella Ward, stop pretending it isn’t you. Whether or not Larry and I get a divorce is between us. It has nothing to do with you. Even if you love Larry and want to marry him, that’s your business. Let me tell you. Larry will not marry you even after we get a divorce!” answered Joan loudly. 
Slap! A tight slap landed on her cheek, causing her cheek to flare up promptly. 
“Answer my questions instead of talking nonsense! You take back your words!” Gabriella finally showed her true colors and growled furiously. 
She must be crazy! 
“Why would I take back my words? Larry won’t marry you! He won’t!” 
Slap! Slap!
After being slapped repeatedly, Joan’s cheeks swelled up. 
“Shut up! If you won’t, I’ll slash your face with a knife and destroy your face. That way, Larry will dump you!” Gabriella looked up and laughed maniacally. 
Panic flickered across Joan’s eyes. 
She must be crazy. Otherwise, nothing would explain her reckless actions. Back then, she would just harm me and make things difficult for me, but right now, she’s far more vicious! 
“What’s wrong? Are you afraid now? I’ll give you some time to think about it. If you refuse, I’ll throw you into the sea to feed the fish. I mean it. Just you wait and see.” Having said that, Gabriella stormed out.
###Chapter 2047
Chapter 2047 
“Guard her well. If anything happens, you won’t receive a cent from me” Gabriella stalked away without looking back after relaying her orders. 
“Hey, what do you think happened? Why is our employer so cruel toward the lady inside?” 
“I don’t know. But women normally fight over men.” 
The men were involved in a heated discussion. 
They knew how merciless Gabriella could be, so they kept watch at the door at all times. 
“Larry, we found nothing. The surveillance cameras were all destroyed,” reported Caspian anxiously. 
There was no clue at all, hence they didn’t know where to begin their search. Joan was nowhere to be seen even though they search through every surveillance camera from the streets nearby, stores, hotels, and convenience stores. Strangely, the pizza joint’s surveillance cameras were destroyed, and they couldn’t find anyone suspicious from the surveillance footage outside. 
There was no way Joan had disappeared into thin air. 
“We need to find her. We must!” Larry growled, his heart engulfed with worry. 
Ring! Ring! 
“Hello, Larry. Have you found Joan?” It was Nancy. 
How dare she calls me? If she didn’t insist on having pizza, Joan would not have gone missing! Inwardly, Larry was seething with anger.
“No,” came his icy reply. 
Nancy realized he was mad by his tone. 
“Larry, I have something to tell you. It might help you find Joan.” 
Immediately, Larry’s eyes lit up. 
He was willing to do anything to find Joan. 
“Alright. I’ll head there now.” He grabbed his jacket and left his office. 
On the way there, he ran two red lights in his haste to get to Nancy. 
Finally, his car came to a stop in front of the hospital. 
Bang! Both Jory and Nancy were shocked at his loud arrival. 
“Hey, Larry. Why are you here?” Jory seemed displeased to see him. 
Jory didn’t welcome Larry at all. Larry might be a good friend of his wife, but he was also Jory’s friend’s love rival at the same time. 
“Jory, I have asked him to come. Don’t act this way,” said Nancy. 
“Why don’t you leave us? I need to talk to Larry,” she added. 
Jory froze, doubting his ears. 
What did she just say? Did she ask me to leave? Shouldn’t she be asking Larry to leave instead? He scowled unhappily, but Nancy was unfazed.
“Yes, you. I don’t want to keep you from work. If you’re not busy, you can stay,” Nancy mumbled. 
What? Work isn’t as important as her, of course. 
“It’s fine. I’m not busy.” Jory plopped down on the sofa next to them and glared at Larry sulkily. 
He wanted to know why Larry was here. 
Nancy explained, “Larry, when I was eating with Joan, we chatted about Gabriella and you. I know the owner of a fashion boutique as I am his frequent customer. We were close, and I heard him say…” 
“Anyway, we drank some juice. I didn’t drink any alcohol, so I have no idea why I fainted.” Nancy shook her head helplessly. 
She still had no idea her juice was spiked with sleeping pills. 
“I think we can investigate this owner. He knows Gabriella, and I think this is related to her,” she revealed her suspicions. 
If Nancy didn’t know that Gabriella had claimed to be pregnant with Larry’s child, this wouldn’t have happened at all. 
“Okay. Can you contact him now?” Larry urged. 
“Yes, I have his number. But his store has shifted elsewhere now. I heard some rich fella took over his previous store…”
###Chapter 2048
Chapter 2048 
Larry lowered his head, but he didn’t feel guilty at all. 
After all, he hated liars and people who were slow—both male and female. 
“I’ll call him now and set up an appointment to meet him. Will that do?” Nancy asked carefully before proceeding to call him. 
“Hello, Rune,” she greeted. “What are you up to recently?” There was a hint of exhaustion in her voice. 
“Nothing. I’m at home,” answered the man calmly. 
“Oh, well. I was thinking of buying some clothes, but I don’t feel like going to the mall. Do you still sell clothes?” 
Rune Lindell hesitated as his curiosity piqued up. 
There were plenty of fashion boutiques in the neighborhood, so there was no reason for Nancy to call him suddenly. 
“I’m used to wearing your shop’s clothes. They suit me, and I’m too lazy to change my style,” explained Nancy. 
Oh, I see. She’s quite straightforward though. 
“Sure. I’ll send you my address.” 
They chatted briefly before hanging up. 
On the side, Larry was gazing at Nancy expectantly. The moment she hung up, he dashed to her bed.
“How did it go? Did he agree?” asked Larry in a low voice. 
“He’ll send me his address. We can head there later. I think you shouldn’t come along, Larry. I’ll record our conversation,” suggested Nancy. 
She was right. It was a bad idea to act rashly and risk alerting their enemy. 
“Nancy, you’re too weak to head out. Let’s make it another day.” Jory was worried. 
He couldn’t care less about Joan’s safety as his top priority was his wife. It was none of his business. Joan’s disappearance was Larry’s responsibility. There was no way Larry could blame others for he couldn’t even protect his own wife. 
“Jory, shut up. I think of Joan as my sister.” With that, Nancy rose to her feet and changed her outfit to leave. 
To protect her safety, Jory arranged for a few men to follow her from afar. 
Uneasiness crept into Larry’s heart despite the slight progress. He didn’t know what kind of information Nancy would be able to find out or how dangerous was Joan’s situation. 
“Larry, you should protect your loved one at all costs. Don’t you know that?” Jory inquired. 
He had never been polite to Larry as there was no need to do so. If it wasn’t for Nancy, he would’ve just ignored the man. Yet, Nancy was close to them. Jory shook his head and exhaled. 
He realized those who were close to Larry would be met with no good end. Joan must’ve suffered a lot after getting together with him. 
Looks like this Gabriella is a stubborn woman. She refuses to give up on Larry even when he was studying abroad. Now that he’s married with a child, she still doesn’t care. She’s seriously a weirdo.
“Joan must’ve suffered a lot,” mumbled Larry. He hung his head as his eyes reddened. 
Seeing how guilty Larry was, Jory shut his mouth. 
He could understand Larry’s feelings, but he couldn’t bring himself to forgive the man. 
Wait, I should call Dustin. Does he know about Joan’s disappearance? 
Jory immediately whipped out his phone to call Dustin. 
“He’s useless! The cops? The cops know nothing! Is he still waiting there? He must be crazy!” Dustin was yelling through the line furiously.
###Chapter 2049
Chapter 2049 
It turned out he had found out about this and was trying his best to find Joan. 
Actually, it was clear that the culprit was Gabriella. Still, there wasn’t any proof to tie her to the crime. 
Gabriella was cruel enough to kill her own child to frame another woman. The worst part was, she was also getting smarter by the day. Jory had never expected that. 
Back then, Gabriella was wealthy, but inwardly, she was an innocent young girl. Judging from her recent actions, she had turned into a villainous woman. 
“What’s going on between you and Gabriella?Jory seemed curious. 
Larry seemed upset at his question. 
All he wanted was to be with his loved one, but life was full of unexpected twists. Sighing, Larry revealed, “Gabriella, Joan, and I knew each other in college.” 
They started off as three, but only two would end up spending their lives together. 
Joan had never thought of taking anything away from Gabriella. She never meant to betray Gabriella, but the man Gabriella loved was in love with her. That was why Gabriella grew to hate her. 
A flash of skepticism appeared in Jory’s eyes. Dustin had never talked about Joan’s past, so after hearing Larry’s story, he thought their relationship was quite cool. 
“If you love her, don’t let her get hurt.” He patted Larry’s shoulder. 
Unfortunately, Larry’s hands were tied. Gabriella had her sight set on him and kept stirring up trouble every so often. Sometimes, he couldn’t help but get frustrated at her actions. Anyone would get
restless if they were in his shoes. He wanted a peaceful life with Joan, but Gabriella was like the devil in disguise. 
“Don’t worry. She’ll be fine. Dustin won’t allow anything to happen to her,” muttered Jory. 
“Hello? Can you hear me, Larry?” asked Nancy carefully. 
“Yep. Be careful, Nancy. Don’t let anyone catch you. If you sense something wrong, escape immediately,” Larry reminded her worriedly. 
“Be careful. I’ll cook for you when you return,” said Jory softly. 
Jory was usually aloof, strict and quiet, but he adored Nancy greatly. 
“Oh, you’re here, Ms. Barrymore. Come on in. Are you here to pick out some maternity outfits?” Rune greeted Nancy with a warm smile. 
“Yes. Do you have a bigger size? My belly’s getting larger, so I need larger clothes,” replied Nancy stiffly. 
“No problem. We have a few new arrivals today. I’ll bring them to you now. Please wait a moment.” The shop attendant went into the storeroom to get the outfits for her. 
“There are plenty of fashion boutiques nearby your place. You could’ve gotten new clothes there. Why did you come all the way here?” Rune inquired with a chuckle. 
“Hey, Rune. We haven’t met in a while. You didn’t even call me. That’s heartless of you,” Nancy retorted and pointed at him. 
She had always spoken her mind, so she was a popular person.
“I’m too busy recently.” 
Ha! He’s putting up an act. I still need to make sure. Suddenly, she felt lucky that Gabriella had no idea they knew each other. 
“What have you been up to until you couldn’t even have time to call me?” Nancy touched the clothes in her hand and asked nonchalantly. 
Rune sighed in dejection. 
What else? It’s because of Gabriella. I can’t believe she even sacrificed her own child to gain her goals. That’s our child! Rune stared out of the window wordlessly.
###Chapter 2050
Chapter 2050 
It sometimes occurred to him that he should give up on her as she was too heartless. She could even resort to despicable means to achieve her goals. He had never liked anyone like her, but that very night in the bar, he fell for her seductions. 
Funnily, he had never fallen for anyone before. That was why he kept in touch with her. Yet, he failed in the end. 
“Oh, nothing. I sell clothes and run some errands. That’s all,” came Rune’s vague reply. 
He was still dejected over Gabriella’s miscarriage. 
Rune had the real surveillance footage which showed how Gabriella stabbed herself. The entire incident had nothing to do with Joan. 
He still couldn’t wrap his mind around the fact that Gabriella killed their child. It’s all because of that bastard, Larry! 
Women were the most difficult to understand species in the world. Men should stay away from them lest they got hurt by their thorns. 
“Seriously? You must be rich now. You have a fashion boutique and are now venturing into the delivery business. I didn’t know you’re that capable. Do you have a girlfriend? If you don’t, I can introduce one to you.” Nancy gave him a teasing push. 
I don’t need a girlfriend. I just need Gabriella to fall in love with me. It still puzzles me as to why she refuses to give up on Larry.
“Delivery? No, I’m too busy for that. It’s a friend of mine who asked for my help to alter the surveillance footage. Ah, it’s quite complicated to explain,” answered Rune. 
That’s it. 
Nancy’s eyes lit up with delight. 
He must be talking about the surveillance footage in Ms. Young’s house! 
Gabriella is indeed crafty. She couldn’t leave the hospital, so she asked for his help. 
“Tell me about it. I’ve been bored stuck at home since I got pregnant.” Nancy wheedled him like an old friend. 
He might refuse to reveal anything, but at least she tried. 
“I’m afraid of scaring your baby. I really envy you. Mine is gone,” said Rune. There was a hint of exasperation in his voice. 
Hearing his answer, delight hope bloomed inside Nancy. 
“Didn’t you say someone named Gabriella got pregnant with your child? Why is he gone?” 
Rune sighed. “You don’t know how overbearing she is. I’m not her type. She is in love with another man, so she ended up…” 
In the end, he spilled everything without knowing Nancy was friends with Larry. 
“In order to frame that woman, she stabbed her own belly and lost her child. I can’t believe she did that. You’re a mother, too. Don’t you think there is something wrong with her?” Rune stared at Nancy earnestly.
Clearly, she was mentally ill for no mother would bear to kill her own child. 
“She might have her reasons. But sacrificing her own child isn’t a smart move. That’s your child. How could she do that?” Nancy shook her head and let out a disappointed sigh. 
Why wouldn’t she do so? Our child has always been a tool to her. She had used me to get pregnant, too. She would naturally get rid of people who are useless to her.
###Chapter 2051
Chapter 2051 
He had witnessed how heartless people could be, but he never thought women would be as ruthless as men. 
“How did you know she killed her own child? Rune, this isn’t a joking matter.” Nancy lowered her voice. 
I’m not joking! Forget it. No one will believe me, anyway. Rune lowered his gaze and didn’t explain further. If he wasn’t friends with Nancy, he wouldn’t have revealed his deepest and darkest secret to her. 
As he remained silent, Nancy gasped in horror. “Seriously? You were telling the truth?” She wanted confirmation from him as Larry was watching and hearing everything from afar. 
“Yes, I’m telling the truth. I know you won’t believe me,” came Rune’s meek reply. 
“Are you a fool? Why didn’t you stop her? That’s your child, too!” 
“I had no idea she was planning this. If she hadn’t entered the hospital, I wouldn’t even know about it. When I went to visit her at the hospital, she kept asking me to alter the surveillance footage to frame her miscarriage on a woman she despised. She doesn’t care about our child.” 
Nancy trembled involuntarily upon hearing what he had to say. 
She couldn’t believe Gabriella was cruel enough to kill her own child. 
“So? Did you alter the surveillance footage for real?” she pressed on. 
“Yes, I did. I loved her too much to lose her though our child is gone.” Rune fidgeted nervously.
“Rune Lindell, you’re the most foolish man I’ve ever come across! Have you ever stopped to think that you’re actually bringing harm to her? You think you’re helping her, but you’re actually abetting her crimes.” 
Nancy grew increasingly emotional out of a sudden. Perhaps it was because she was pregnant, or perhaps she just didn’t want to lose this friend. 
“I asked her about it, but she insisted she was in love with someone else.” Rune seemed lost. 
He was actually berating himself for indulging in her every request, including those illegal ones. Nevertheless, it was useless even though he had thrown his pride away. Perhaps she’s right. I might even end up in jail. 
“Is she worth your efforts? Don’t forget your parents and everyone else who loves you. You don’t have to waste your time on the wrong person.” Nancy patted his shoulder to comfort him. 
She couldn’t bear to watch him go down the wrong path. Rune had led a tough life. He still had some savings from his business, but life and reality treated him harshly. It was pointless to bet everything on someone who would never reciprocate his feelings. 
“What else can I do? I’ve already done it. I can’t dump her now, can I?” Rune mumbled. He didn’t know what to do except vent his frustrations to a friend. 
Nancy had never liked Gabriella. In the very beginning, she learned about Joan, Larry, and Gabriella’s relationship. Yet, she didn’t expect Gabriella to be such a b*tch. 
If it wasn’t for Rune, she couldn’t have cared less even if Gabriella ended up dead. 
“Rune, I have an idea. Why don’t you persuade her to stop going against the law? Otherwise, we both know what will happen to her. Why can’t she lead a happy life instead? Is it fun to drown herself in
hatred? Will you be happy with that?” Nancy continued.
###Chapter 2052
Chapter 2052 
Indeed, Gabriella was rarely happy. He hardly ever saw her smile. Still, he knew how stubborn she was. She would never give in. 
“No, she won’t listen to me. She’s too headstrong for that.” 
“Then, are you going to do nothing as she commits more crimes? Maybe you should leave her,” she suggested. “Rune, I know you’re a nice man. You might be hot-tempered, but you’re actually kind. If you weren’t involved, I would never give any advice.” 
A warm, fuzzy feeling spread in Rune’s heart. 
Human nature wasn’t that complicated, but as one got to experience unfortunate events in life, one would gradually lose trust in others. 
Rune and Nancy were like-minded people. They felt a slight regret for not meeting each other earlier. 
“Don’t listen to her nonsense!” Suddenly, a familiar voice rang out. 
Shit. I’m doomed. Nancy rose to her feet hastily as her face clouded over. 
Why is she here out of a sudden? What is she trying to do? Don’t tell me she overheard our entire conversation Nancy bit her fingers nervously. 
It was clear that Gabriella wouldn’t let this slide. 
She’ll definitely target me as well. 
“Gabriella, why are you here? Shouldn’t you be resting at home?” Rune stood up and went to her anxiously.
Gabriella glanced at him before her gaze landed on Nancy. She snickered out loud. 
What a small world. Why are Joan’s friends everywhere? I wonder why Nancy is here. Is she here to sound him out? Gabriella refused to believe that Nancy knew nothing. 
“Nancy? What a coincidence,” Gabriella greeted her icily. 
“Yes, fancy running into you here. Are you here to shop, too?” Nancy forced herself to calm down. 
She was racking her brains to figure her next best course of action to no avail. 
“Do you know each other?” Rune asked suspiciously. 
Is such a coincidence even possible? She’s Gabriella’s friend! Rune felt a sudden flare of joy. 
What a fool. If I hadn’t arrived in time, he must’ve revealed everything to her. Gabriella scoffed silently. 
In fact, Rune had already told Nancy everything he knew. 
“Since you’re busy, I’ll leave now with the clothes. Bye, Rune!” With that, Nancy turned to leave the store. 
Gabriella stepped forward and blocked her exit without warning. 
Is she going to threaten me now? 
“Ms. Barrymore, why are you in a hurry to leave? Did you steal something here?” 
Is she crazy? Nancy was not amused. I am a Barrymore, and I’m also married to Jory Synder. I can’t even finish spending the money I have in this lifetime. How dare she suspect me of being a thief?
“Ms. Ward, please make way. I’m sure Mr. Lindell knows what kind of person I am. You can ask him about me. I really need to go.” 
“Oh, no. Ms. Barrymore, we’ve just met. Why are you in a rush to leave? Are you feeling guilty?” Gabriella inched nearer to her and forced her to a corner. 
Feeling guilty? I have a clear conscience! 
“Gabriella, you’ve misunderstood her. Ms. Barrymore is a returning customer of mine. She isn’t that bad,” Rune hurriedly interjected. 
“Shut up! You don’t even know you’re being fooled!” yelled Gabriella. 
What the heck? Who is fooling me? 
“Gabriella, what are you talking about?”
###Chapter 2053
Chapter 2053 
Ha! This fool doesn’t even know he’s being used. 
“I mean, you were fooled by this woman who goes by the name of Nancy Barrymore!” Gabriella enunciated each and every word carefully. 
Rune came to a stop in front of Nancy before studying her in puzzlement. 
“You don’t know who she is, right? Her name is Nancy Barrymore, and she’s Joan Watts and Larry Norton’s best friend. She’s also married to Jory Synder. Do you get it now?” explained Gabriella. 
Realization finally dawned on Rune. 
“You’ve been using me all the time?” Rune pointed at her furiously. 
“No!” refuted Nancy loudly. 
She treated Rune as a friend, but there was no way she could sit back and do nothing when Gabriella harmed her friend. 
“Nancy, I’ve always respected you. Why did you lie to me? Is it funny to use someone blatantly?” Rune closed in on her. An icy glint flashed across his gaze as though he were about to kill her. 
Rune hated people who had betrayed or lied to him. 
“Rune, listen. I really wanted to be friends with you. I’ve never thought of using you. But Joan is my best friend. I can’t allow her to be framed by others…” 
“Shut the f*ck up!” Hearing the man’s roar, Nancy trembled involuntarily.
Is he going to hurt me? 
“Rune, is this your so-called friend? You definitely need glasses. I can’t believe you allowed her to come to your store,” Gabriella declared, adding fuel to fire. 
“Gabriella, stop talking nonsense! Rune and I are friends. I’m not that despicable!” Nancy argued. 
How innocent. She looks quite unyielding. I can’t believe she’s this silly. Gabriella snorted with disdain. 
She won’t get to leave this place today. Gabriella felt lucky for she was smart enough to send her men to keep watch on Rune. Otherwise, she wouldn’t know that Nancy was a friend of Rune. 
“How are you going to handle this?” she demanded. 
Let’s see how Rune will deal with Nancy. 
“Get out. I don’t want to see you again.” With that, Rune turned and trudged away. 
What? Is he crazy? How could he let her leave just like that? She knows my secret! 
“No, you can’t leave!” she hollered out of a sudden. 
“Why not? Gabriella, you have no right to force me to stay. I’m only a customer,” Nancy retaliated. 
So what? The customer is always right? 
Gabriella wasn’t having any of it. 
Meanwhile, gloom had veiled Rune’s face as he slumped dejectedly. 
“Enough, Gabriella. She hasn’t said anything. Besides, she doesn’t even have proof. Let her leave,” he muttered.
Yet, Gabriella refused to let Nancy leave just like that. As Nancy was Joan’s friend, Gabriella viewed her as an enemy, too. 
“Sure, no problem. But first, I’ll have to search you to see if you hid anything secretly.” There was a hint of shrewdness in Gabriella’s eyes. 
What the heck? She doesn’t have the right to search me! 
Wait, this is suspicious. 
Damn it, I have a recorder in my pocket. If the b*tch discovers it, my efforts will be in vain. 
Luckily the recorder has been recording our entire exchange. They must’ve heard everything, right? A glint of hope appeared in Nancy’s gaze. 
“No, I have to go to her. She’s in danger!” Jory rose to his feet anxiously. 
“Hey, wait a minute!” Larry remained cautious. 
Heading over right now would be too rash an act. They had to come up with a plan or risk wasting their previous efforts.
###Chapter 2054
Chapter 2054 
“Get someone to enter the fashion boutique and pretend to be a customer. Calm down. We can’t act recklessly,” reminded Larry. 
There was no way Jory could calm down for his wife was in danger. He immediately glared at Larry, clearly irritated. 
After all, Nancy wouldn’t have gone to the fashion boutique to fish for information if Joan hadn’t gone missing. Now that Gabriella was there, she wouldn’t let Nancy leave easily. 
“Larry, that’s my wife!” Jory grabbed his phone and strode out. 
In the fashion boutique, Nancy’s phone kept ringing in her bag. Yet, she dared not answer it. 
“Ms. Barrymore, your phone has been ringing incessantly. Didn’t you hear it?” Gabriella pointed it out on purpose. 
She wanted to see how Nancy would react under the circumstances. 
“Hello, Jory.” 
“Stay right there. I’ll be there soon. Don’t be afraid and stall for time. I’m on my way,” uttered Jory. 
Clearly, it was Jory who had called her. 
“Alright, got it. But they only sell women’s clothes here. I’ll head to the mall to get your clothes later,” replied Nancy deliberately. 
“Nancy, what are you talking about? I’m serious. Stop talking nonsense. I’m worried about you!” exclaimed Jory.
“Hey, stop it. Can you be more serious? I’ll buy your clothes later,” Nancy continued. 
It finally dawned on Jory that she was doing it on purpose. Someone’s watching her! 
They chatted briefly before cutting the line. 
It seemed like a simple phone conversation, but Gabriella knew something was up. Nancy didn’t just talk to someone on the phone. Hmm, I should get prepared. 
“This way, Ms. Barrymore.” Gabriella shoved her into the changing room. 
“What are you doing? Stop it, Gabriella! What are you going to do to me?” Nancy struggled and retorted furiously. 
Alas, her struggles were futile. She was no match for the strong Gabriella. Shortly after, her clothes were removed. 
“Gabriella Ward!” Nancy roared. 
“Ms. Barrymore, wait a minute. I’ll return your clothes to you in a minute.” Gabriella threw the clothes she had inspected into the changing room. 
Huh? I couldn’t find anything. That’s impossible. She must’ve come to fish for information. Where is her tool? 
Thump! 
Suddenly, a pen fell on the ground and caught her attention. 
What’s this? A pen? From what Gabriella recalled, Nancy wasn’t someone who liked to study. There was no reason for her to keep a pen in her pocket.
Could it be… Immediately, Gabriella threw the recorder to Rune warily. 
“Hurry, find out what pen is this.” 
“Oh, you can buy this online. It’s a recorder. Where did you find it? I don’t have one.” Rune shot her a curious glance. 
Oh, I see! Gabriella’s gaze turned menacing. I was right. Nancy did come here for something else. 
“Your friend recorded your conversation.” Gabriella gestured at the changing room. 
“Look, Rune. I told you Nancy was just using you. What is going on in that mind of yours?” Gabriella went up to him before knocking on his head. 
Rune couldn’t believe how Nancy plotted against him. 
He wished it wasn’t true, but the recorder was proof. 
“Rune, listen to me. It’s not what you think,” Nancy exclaimed as she hurriedly put on her clothes in the changing room.
###Chapter 2055
Chapter 2055 
What else could it be? There’s no need to hear her explanation. Rune scowled angrily. 
Nancy Barrymore, I can’t believe you’re this despicable. 
“No, you’ve gotten it wrong. Listen to me.” Nancy ran out and grabbed his arm uneasily. 
“What else could it be?” Rune shoved her away forcefully. 
That b*tch! 
“I didn’t lie to you, right? The recorder is proof.” Gabriella seemed proud of herself. 
Nancy promptly retorted, “Gabriella, you’ve gone too far. You know I didn’t do it on purpose! Stop exaggerating things!” 
What a joke. I have a thousand ways to make you suffer. 
Meanwhile, there was a black vehicle speeding down the street. It had already run several red lights. 
His heart tight with worry, Jory called Nancy again. 
Yet, Nancy couldn’t answer her phone right now. 
“Who is it? Larry? Or Joan?” Rune demanded. 
“Someone on their side, obviously. You should deal with her now as Larry had already heard our conversation,” said Gabriella mockingly. 
There was a tiny spy camera in the recorder which was hidden inside the cap of the pen. None of them knew Gabriella was smart enough to discover it.
“Do you think I won’t look further after discovering the recorder? Ha!” With that, Gabriella crushed the spy camera without hesitation. 
She’s so cruel! 
“Nancy Barrymore, I didn’t harm you or yell at you today. Our friendship is over. This is the last time we’ll ever meet. Scram! Get out of my sight!” Rune declared vehemently. 
That’s it? Gabriella’s curious gaze landed on Rune. 
Indeed, that was all Rune had in mind. There was nothing else he could do. Rune and Nancy were just friends, so she didn’t actually betray him. 
He could only stop being friends with her. 
“Rune, what the heck? She lied to you! Shouldn’t you take revenge? Why did you choose to forgive her and let her leave? You’re such a coward!” Gabriella felt rage pulsing through her veins. 
I’ve never seen someone as sissy as him! What the heck? How could he choose to forgive her? 
“What do you want, Gabriella?” Nancy held her stomach and queried weakly. She seemed to be in pain. 
“What’s wrong?” Rune knelt down and gazed at her worriedly. 
He knew how painful it was to lose one’s child. Nancy did something wrong, but he didn’t want her to suffer from the same agony. 
“My stomach hurts. Rune, send me to the hospital, can you? It hurts,” Nancy pleaded, her expression contorting in anguish.
It was hurting too much for her to speak out loud, hence her soft whisper. 
“Alright. Come on, I’ll bring you there.” Rune stretched his hands out to help her up. 
“Hey, what are you doing? You’ve never treated me this way. Do you really believe her stomach is hurting? Rune, are you a fool? Why do you trust her? I feel unwell, too. Do you believe me?” Gabriella pushed his arms away from Nancy. 
Rune stood still as Nancy was pregnant. Besides, her due date was close. 
“She is clearly in pain,” Rune explained. 
Good riddance! Let her suffer. Disdain flashed across Gabriella’s eyes.
###Chapter 2056
Chapter 2056 
She deserves it for being friends with that b*tch, Joan! They are all b*tches! 
“Rune, my stomach is hurting for real. I need to go to the hospital,” moaned Nancy. 
Soon, she slumped to the ground as the color drained from her face. 
“I need to send her—” 
“No need to trouble you. I can do it!” Gabriella pulled Nancy to her feet. 
How troublesome! I was also pregnant previously, but I wasn’t as fussy as her! 
“Hey, are you alright?” Gabriella slapped Nancy’s shoulder forcefully. 
All she wanted to do was to throw Nancy into the river. Still, as this was Rune’s fashion boutique which he had opened with her money, she hesitated. No matter what, Nancy had to leave this store. 
“It hurts…” 
Ugh, she’s still putting on an act! 
“I’ll help you out and hail a cab for you to take you to the hospital!” Gabriella proceeded to help Nancy out of the boutique. 
She wasn’t that kind or free to bring Nancy to the hospital. 
They were about to exit the fashion boutique when her phone rang. 
Oh, that’s fast. He’s getting impatient, huh? What a shame.
“I need to take this.” Gabriella took out her phone and headed to the washroom. 
“Gabriella, keep your hands off Nancy. Otherwise, there’ll be hell to pay!” Jory warned. 
What did he say? I have proof, though. Gabriella never thought of harming Nancy. It was Nancy who came to her. 
“Mr. Synder, what did you say? What can I do? I did nothing,” came her deliberate reply. 
“That had better be the truth. I don’t care about your rivalry with others. You can do whatever you want, but you can’t harm Nancy!” 
Gabriella thought he was being manly, but Nancy had gotten herself involved. 
There was no way she’d let Nancy off easily. 
“Mr. Synder, I’ve always respected you. I had no intention to be your enemy. Yet, Mrs. Synder seems to think otherwise.” 
Gabriella twiddled her fingers as fury flashed across her gaze. 
How dare you order me around? She then hung up and stalked out. 
“Help her out and hail a cab for her. Send her off and don’t get yourself into trouble,” she ordered Rune in a low voice. 
Rune thought she was going to let Nancy go, so he immediately helped Nancy out. 
After Nancy entered a cab safely, she was wondering why Gabriella allowed her to leave when the cab suddenly slowed down and stopped. 
“What’s wrong?” Nancy demanded restlessly.
“Miss, I think they are here for you.” The cabbie’s voice was trembling in fear. 
What is going on? 
Nancy gazed out of the window in shock. Indeed, a bunch of men had alighted from the vehicle in front of them and were marching over threateningly. 
Who are they? What are they going to do to me? Instantly, terror appeared in her gaze. She caressed her belly slowly as an ominous feeling overwhelmed her. 
“Get down!” The men came to the cab and knocked on the window. 
The cabbie hurriedly wound his window down carefully. 
“Hello, can I help you?” 
“Didn’t you hear me? Get down! If you don’t want to die, get down now.” 
Ah, forget it. My life is more important than this cab. 
The cabbie hurriedly got off his cab and stood aside silently with his head hung low. 
The men got into the cab, seemingly annoyed. 
“What are you doing?” Nancy inquired in a low voice. 
Isn’t it obvious what we’re going to do? The men exchanged glances and guffawed out loud. 
“Ms. Barrymore, what do you think we will do?” The man in the passenger’s seat turned at his shoulder and gazed at her in amusement.
###Chapter 2057
Chapter 2057 
“Do you know who I am?” Upon hearing her question, the men’s gazes grew cold. 
There was no way they would mistake their target for someone else. 
“Who sent you? Is it Gabriella Ward?” Nancy tried guessing. 
She couldn’t think of any other person who would dare to abduct her in public. 
“Ms. Barrymore, stop guessing. No one sent us here. We happened to run into you and wanted to have some fun with you, that’s all.” 
Damn it! Do they think I’m a fool? Nancy hadn’t really worked in her life, but she wasn’t a fool. She refused to believe that they were here to cause trouble without a reason. 
Everyone in this city knew who her father was. Still, these men had the guts to kidnap her. It was evident that they were merely following orders. 
“I want to get off the car!” She made to leave. 
“Miss, stay put. We’re not that kind or patient for your antics.” After that announcement, the car sped ahead. 
Nancy nearly toppled from her seat. She hurriedly sat back and forced herself to calm down. 
Soon, the car rolled to a stop in front of a hotel. 
Nancy was blindfolded, so she couldn’t see anything. 
“Ah!” she yelled as the men threw her in a corner.
“Who is it?” Suddenly, a familiar voice rang out. 
Isn’t that Joan? Why is she here? 
“Are you Joan?” Nancy asked hesitantly. 
Joan immediately stood up as she had also recognized Nancy’s voice. 
The room was pitch black, so they couldn’t see anything. 
“It’s me, Nancy. Where are you?” Joan called out anxiously. 
It’s Joan! Tears welled up in Nancy’s gaze immediately. I’m not alone here! 
“Joan!” she cried out as tears rolled down her cheeks. 
Joan fumbled in the dark and made her way to Nancy using her cries as a guide. Once she reached Nancy’s side, she gave the latter a tight hug. 
“Hey, stop crying. Why are you here, Nancy? What happened?” Joan patted Nancy’s back gently to comfort her. 
“Joan, you’ve been missing for days. Larry was terribly distressed. You told me about Rune Lindell, remember? The one who owns the fashion boutique…” 
She proceeded to explain everything to Joan. 
Both women cowered in a corner and hugged each other for warmth. Joan knew Nancy was more sensitive and easily terrified for she was pregnant.
“Nancy, I’m sorry. If it wasn’t for me, you wouldn’t be kidnapped,” Joan apologized. There was a hint of guilt in her voice. 
She had already dragged loads of people down—Larry, Delilah, Lucius, Dustin, and others—causing them to worry about her. Now, even Nancy was in danger because of her. 
“Joan, don’t say that. I believe we will be alright. Larry and Jory are looking for us now. We need to trust them,” Nancy mumbled. 
The place was too scary for her as she couldn’t even see Joan’s face clearly. 
A person’s fate could affect the people surrounding him or her. Likewise, a person’s character could also change accordingly. Joan lowered her head as her eyes reddened. 
Never mind if she died, but Nancy and her child were both innocent! 
Thud! 
The door of the room was kicked open. Light immediately flooded into the room, causing them both to squint. 
“Oh, look at you hugging each other lovingly.” It was a familiar voice to them. Yet, the owner refused to admit it was her.
###Chapter 2058
Chapter 2058 
“Gabriella, what exactly do you want?” Nancy forced herself to open her eyes. 
The woman who had just came in was still wearing a cap and a mask in an effort to disguise herself. 
“Ms. Barrymore, mind your words. Before confirming someone else’s identity, don’t shout any name at will. Otherwise, you will suffer from the consequences!” sneered Gabriella. 
“Ha! Gabriella Ward, do you seriously think I can’t recognize you? Not everyone is as insane as you. Let me tell you. Even if you…” 
Before she could finish her sentence, fury overcame Gabriella. The latter stalked to her and kicked her forcefully. 
“Ah!” 
“Nancy!” Joan hurriedly pulled her back to protect her. 
“Who are you calling insane? You’re the one who is insane. Crazy woman!” Gabriella kicked Joan repeatedly and cursed. 
Finally, she stopped out of exhaustion and stormed out of the room. 
“Joan!” Nancy flung her arms around Joan and burst out crying. 
She sniffled and quietened down fearfully. 
The room was still enclosed in darkness. 
“Hmm? Did I hear someone crying?” In the hallway, a young man questioned doubtfully.
“I think I heard it too,” said his friend. 
They followed the sound of the sobs and soon arrived at a door. 
It was the room where Joan and Nancy were held captive. 
“Is anyone in there?” The young man knocked on the door politely. 
They both were startled by the sudden knock, but Joan quickly regained her senses and came to the door. 
“Hello, can you open the door for us?” asked Joan softly. 
It was a stranger’s voice, so clearly Gabriella’s men weren’t here yet. 
“Don’t you have a key?” the young man returned. 
“I lost it. Can you ask for the receptionist’s help?” Joan pleaded. 
She didn’t want to lose the chance to be saved for Nancy was still here. 
“Alright. Wait a minute.” The young man dashed away. 
“Hey, Caiden, what are you doing? This is none of your business,” his friend declared unhappily. 
He had just returned from abroad, and there was no need for him to interfere in someone else’s business. 
“Are you a fool? That woman sounded really distressed. Didn’t you realize something was wrong?” the young man tapped his friend’s head. 
“Hear that, Joan? They won’t bother if it doesn’t concern them.” Nancy coughed tiredly.
“Nancy, don’t worry. Help will be here soon. Just hold on for a moment longer, alright?” Joan caressed her hair gently in assurance. 
Nancy narrowed her gaze and scoffed silently. 
What a fool. They wouldn’t save us for no reason. 
“Joan, I’m blessed to have met you in my life. It’s fine. I don’t have any regrets for we are spending our last moments together. I can’t bear to part with Dad, though. I’m his only daughter. I’m gonna die before I can fulfill my duties as a filial daughter,” wailed Nancy. 
Joan couldn’t help but smile at Nancy’s silly reaction. It isn’t that serious. Gabriella might be ruthless, but she would still think twice before going against the law. Besides, Nancy was innocent. 
“Joan, I’m scared. I haven’t given birth to my child. I didn’t say goodbye to Jory yet. I still…” 
Bang! The door opened before she could finish.
###Chapter 2059
Chapter 2059 
She cowered back in fear, but instead of seeing Gabriella, the young man’s voice rang out. 
“Alright, thanks for your help.” 
“It’s fine. You can ask for my help anytime,” the receptionist answered happily. 
Hearing the unfamiliar voice, they gave a start. If this isn’t Gabriella, could it be that… 
Joan tried to open her eyes to see who it was, but her eyes were hurting too much, causing her vision to remain blurry. 
“Get up. You shouldn’t stay here for long. Let’s go out.” The young man and his friend helped them up. 
“Caiden, if your guess is right, I don’t think we should leave the hotel now. Let’s go to another room lest we run into their kidnappers.” 
The women were wounded, and one of them was pregnant. Hence, it was best to be safe. 
“Alright. Let’s do that.” 
The room was still intact, and the door was locked once again. Yet, the women were no longer in the room. 
“Keep on guard here until I return. No matter how much they beg or cry for help, don’t open the door or feed them anything,” Gabriella reminded the thugs. 
“Got it!” they replied unanimously.
Ha! Let’s see how long you can hold on. Perhaps you might die before I even take action! Gabriella took one last look at the door before stalking away on her heels. 
“Who are they? This is kinda complicated.” 
“I don’t know. Anyway, we’re being paid to keep an eye on them. It doesn’t matter who they are.” 
The men were chattering in front of the door. 
Meanwhile, Joan and Nancy were brought to another room in the same hotel. 
“Water. I want to drink water,” muttered Nancy. 
“Please hurry and give her some water.” Joan pointed at Nancy. 
“Why were you locked up, though? Look how disheveled you are right now.” One of the young men in his twenties laughed. 
“Shut up!” Caiden Owens glared at his friend. 
His friend was rendered speechless by how rude he was. We don’t even know who they are, but saved them anyway. I’m already kind enough to them! 
“Joan, are you alright? Does it hurt?” Caiden inquired, concern evident in his voice. 
Huh? Does he know me? 
“W-What did you just say? Do you know me?” Joan panted. 
Caiden promptly replied, “Yes, we studied at the same college. I’m one year younger than you.” 
Wow, seriously? The other young man immediately scurried over.
“So you’re the senior that Caiden couldn’t get over?” 
Caiden flushed in embarrassment at his friend’s sudden declaration. 
“Go take care of the pregnant lady.” He hurriedly shooed his nosy friend away. 
How could he blurt everything out right now? 
“I’m sorry. I’m really exhausted and need to rest.” With that, Joan shut her eyes, she was worn out from the fear and worried over the past few days. 
Apart from her disheveled hair, weary expression, and chapped lips, there was blood at the corner of her lips and a cut on her arm. Caiden felt his heart clenched painfully at the sight. 
What happened to her? Why is she so depressed? I can’t believe someone tried to harm her. 
Nancy had fallen into a deep slumber. 
“Jaden, find out who did this to them.” Caiden’s gaze flashed with indignation. 
“Who else? Their love rival, no doubt,” came Jaden Ford’s reply. 
“Stop it. Find out who’s behind this.” With that, Caiden stalked out of the room.
###Chapter 2060
Chapter 2060 
“Hey, wait a minute. Where are you going? How can you leave them both to me? That Joan is your friend. How could you leave now?” grumbled Jaden instantly. 
Shortly after, when he saw Caiden returning with a bag, his eyes widened in surprise. “Seriously? Why did you buy so much stuff? Are you going to keep them here forever?” 
He couldn’t believe how generous Caiden was. They had always split the bill whenever they ate together. Now, Caiden was willing to spend so much for Joan. 
“Wow, you even bought the necessities for them.” 
“Well, they need to wash up, don’t they?’ 
“Ugh…” 
“Joan, you’re awake?” Caiden quickly helped her to sit up. 
“Where am I?” Joan glanced around, taking in the unfamiliar surroundings. 
“You’re in my room. Don’t worry, you’re alright now.” Caiden patted her head affectionately. 
They hadn’t met in years, so he was wondering if she was married or had a boyfriend. He gazed at her earnestly. 
I thought I wouldn’t get to see her again. I never thought we would meet again under such circumstances. 
Caiden had a crush on Joan for three whole years in college, but he didn’t have the courage to confess his feelings to her. Later, she graduated, and they never met again.
“Do you know me?” Joan asked curiously. 
“Yes. You were my senior in college, one year older than me. I went abroad after that and lost contact with you,” Caiden explained. 
Huh? I don’t remember him at all. 
Ah, I was head over heels in love with Larry back then. No wonder I don’t remember his face. 
“Thank you for your help.” Joan flashed a smile and thanked him sincerely. 
“You’re welcome. There are some wounds on your body. Do you want me to help you apply some ointment?” 
Instantly, Joan hesitated. 
He was of the opposite sex, and she was married. It wouldn’t be a good idea to let him do that. 
“I can do it myself.” She struggled to stand up before realizing she couldn’t even muster her energy to rise to her feet, let alone apply ointment to her wounds. 
Meanwhile, Jaden was stunned after overhearing their conversation. Did Caiden seriously offer to help her to apply medicine on her wounds? Wow, he’s good at this. Taking advantage of the situation is a great idea. 
Jaden sighed, for the woman beside him was pregnant. 
Why didn’t God give me a pretty single lady to take care of? 
“Let me do it. Don’t worry, I promise I won’t do anything else,” Caiden tapped his chest and vowed.
He might be in love with her, but still, he had total control of himself. Caiden didn’t want Joan to think of him as a dissolute person or a hypocrite. 
After all, he was a gentleman. 
“Joan, don’t worry. Caiden isn’t interested in girls. Besides, you can’t see your wounds on your back, right?” Jaden chimed in. 
Joan tried to turn at her shoulder and confirmed she couldn’t see the wounds on her back. Gabriella had kicked her repeatedly a while ago, so her wounds might leave scars if they weren’t treated on time. 
“Alright, Caiden. Thank you,” she answered softly. 
That’s a good girl. A wide grin flitted across Jaden’s lips. 
“Uh, I’ll leave to take care of the other lady.” Jaden stepped out and immediately shut the door. 
They are alone now. Something might happen, right? Caiden Owens, I’ve created an opportunity for you. Be sure to grab it. Jaden rubbed his hands gleefully and strode toward the living room.
###Chapter 2061
Chapter 2061 
The presidential suite was fitted with two bedrooms and a living room. Joan and Nancy could each have a room, while Caiden and Jaden comfortably occupied the living room. 
“I apologize in advance, Joan,” Caiden said easily before gently rolling up her shirt. 
He was horrified by the sight that greeted his eyes. Joan’s entire back was swollen and red, with blood still oozing from several gashes. Caiden felt as if his heart had been caught in his throat. What sort of cold-blooded people are they? How could they have abused her like this! 
He was livid. It made Caiden wonder at the amount of inner strength and courage that Joan possessed. No ordinary person could have endured such agony being inflicted upon them. 
How fortunate that I happened to pass by! Caiden thought, shuddering. The odds were far too slim for his liking. What if I hadn’t? Would Joan have died? 
“What’s wrong, Caiden?” Joan asked meekly, sensing his hesitation. 
“Huh? Oh, it’s nothing… I’m fine. This might sting a little, so bear with me,” Caiden hurriedly replied. He picked up the medicine and gently applied it onto Joan’s back. 
The sheer number of wounds on her back made rubbing it in little by little impossible and would have taken far too long. Caiden thus smeared a large amount onto Joan’s back all at once and evenly spread it. 
A groan escaped from Joan’s lips. Caiden felt her stiffen almost instantly beneath his fingers. 
“Does it hurt?” Caiden immediately paused and looked at Joan anxiously. He heart ached in sympathy.
“I’m fine! Please go ahead. I’m sorry to trouble you,” Joan replied. She shut her eyes tightly and clenched her jaw in resolve to endure the pain. 
This was Gabriella’s lesson to Joan, which she would have no choice but to bear the consequences of. Joan was determined to remember every bit of this humiliation and the cruelty that Gabriella had shown her. 
Every bit of raw flesh that Caiden’s fingertips gingerly touched, however, weighed immeasurably upon him. He felt laden with a mixed feeling of anguish and remorse. 
Caiden blamed himself for not having arrived earlier to defend Joan from her assailant. He felt guilty for not confessing his feelings for her all those years ago, choosing to leave the country altogether instead. Caiden believed that Joan’s suffering today was indirectly a result of his absence. I should have been by her side protecting her! Caiden fumed, gnashing his teeth in frustration. 
“Joan, can you tell me how you got injured?” Caiden abruptly asked. 
What should I tell him? Joan fretted. She hung her head for a moment, then answered slowly, “It was from the abduction.” 
That’s impossible! Caiden reflected. Kidnappers usually held their victims hostage for money. From the looks of it, the vicious manner with which Joan’s abductor had treated Joan clearly displayed a personal vendetta. 
“Joan, I think she was out to kill you,” Caiden muttered in a low voice. 
At his words, Joan froze. 
She hadn’t expected this charming, kindhearted, but clearly naive youth to be quite so perceptive.
Indeed, after Gabriella had discovered that Joan was in a relationship with Larry, she had set out on her bloodthirsty mission to root Joan out and destroy her. 
“You can’t make baseless claims like that. There’s no evidence,” Joan informed Caiden hastily. 
“Aren’t these wounds evidence enough?” Caiden retorted hotly, righteous indignation rising within him. 
Joan knew, however, that she couldn’t prove that this was the work of Gabriella. There were no audio files or visual recordings of the events that had occurred. 
“It doesn’t matter. Let’s continue,” Joan replied evenly, then lapsed back into silence. 
Even though Joan had not expressly revealed her feelings, Caiden could discern from her troubled expression that she, too, had her suspicions. 
“I’ll handle the wounds on my leg,” Joan said feebly after a moment. 
Caiden marveled at her obstinacy. He’d already been exposed to Joan’s entire bareback. Why is she suddenly so being so bashful about her legs? 
“It’s fine. Just rest for now. Don’t worry, I won’t dare take advantage of you,” Caiden reassured her in a slightly teasing tone. 
There was nothing much Caiden to do to Joan now, even if he wanted to, given the extent of her wounds. Besides, the thought of harming a woman, especially when she couldn’t fend for herself, would never even have crossed the mind of a gentleman like Caiden. 
“It wouldn’t be proper. I’ll just…” Joan trailed off, her voice faltering. She stood up and hurried away to fetch the medicine. 
“Joan, there’s no one else here! Besides, who cares?” Caiden argued, feeling slightly annoyed.
Joan’s sudden show of modesty seemed both illogical and impractical to Caiden. He couldn’t fathom how Joan would rather inconvenience herself than allow Caiden to help her. In this aspect, Caiden preferred the frankness of the people he’d met overseas. Instead of worrying about superficial things such as their image and reputation, they were more concerned with sorting out their feelings and achieving peace of mind. Caiden found his own countrymen’s preoccupation with preserving an untarnished image, at the expense of their own wellbeing, both frustrating and foolish. 
“All right.” Unable to counter Caiden’s reasoning, Joan finally gave in. She reluctantly sat back down again.
###Chapter 2062
Chapter 2062 
Joan had acquiesced partly also due to her instinctive feeling that Caiden harbored no ill intentions. Besides, they had been schoolmates once, after all. It was the latter fact that made Joan feel a sense of shared intimacy with Caiden. Even now, he was proving himself to be a considerate, well-mannered fellow. 
“Can’t you tell me?” Caiden suddenly continued, picking up from where they had left off before the conversation had unraveled. 
Joan hesitated. The expression on her face, however, softened gradually. 
A million thoughts raced through her mind. Where do I begin? Joan reflected. Everything had begun ages before Caiden had even stepped into the picture. There was no use in involving Caiden in matters irrelevant to him. Besides, Joan was afraid that if she revealed the whole truth to Caiden, it might even trigger his anger towards her. 
It would be far better to keep Caiden in the dark and maintain the status quo. Joan thus said nothing in response. 
“All right. Even if you refuse to tell me anything, I’ll find out on my own,” Caiden declared, undaunted. 
Why is he so interested in finding out? Joan thought in alarm. There was no discernible relationship between Caiden and Joan that reasonably compelled that level of investment on time and energy. This moment of closeness had been due more to coincidence than any lasting affection, or so Joan thought. 
“What do you want to find out?” Joan pressed urgently. 
“Who bullied, kidnapped, and then threatened you,” Caiden replied blandly.
Joan felt her heart flutter, moved by Caiden’s seemingly unexpected concern. She had no idea that she had been the of Caiden’s affections all this while. 
Joan was nonetheless grateful for Caiden’s unforeseen aid. If it hadn’t been for his intervention, she would doubtless still be languishing under Gabriella’s torment now. 
However, Joan concealed her emotions from Caiden and stated mechanically, “There’s no need for that. It’s all over now.” 
How can she let something like this go so easily? What on earth is she thinking? Caiden bristled. Anyone in their sane mind would have been able to draw the conclusion that there must be a reason behind all of this. If Joan’s abductor had gone to such great lengths to hold her, the entire operation must have undergone quite a season of planning. Caiden could not comprehend how Joan could dismiss that fact so easily. 
Another thought struck him like a bolt of lightning. Perhaps Joan wasn’t waving it off but doing her utmost to evade it. 
“I don’t want to talk about this anymore. I feel very tired now,” Joan said meaningfully. 
It was part of the truth anyway. Joan was indeed weary of replaying the scene of Gabriella vehemently kicking and punching her. Even more, Joan did not want to dwell on the fact that Nancy had been violently abused by Gabriella on Joan’s account as well. 
It had all happened because of her, and she still could not bring herself to confront that fact. Joan didn’t even know for certain how Nancy was faring or if she’d even managed to regain consciousness yet. Even more significantly, Joan dared not think about the fate of the child in Nancy’s belly. Joan felt a rising tide of consternation surge within her and struggled to quell it. 
“How’s Nancy? Has she woken up yet?” Joan turned to face Caiden, gazing at him intently.
“Don’t worry, Nancy’s fine. My friend’s taking care of her,” Caiden replied soothingly. 
Caiden felt another wave of affection for Joan. Even when she was hurt and in danger, her friend’s safety still featured prominently in Joan’s mind. 
She was exactly as Caiden remembered. The beautiful, innocent girl with who he had fallen in love all those years ago still stood before him now, unchanged. 
If Joan hadn’t extended a helping hand to Caiden then, he might not have had the privilege of getting to know her in this lifetime. For that, Caiden counted himself as unbelievably lucky. 
Perhaps it was fate that Caiden had somehow managed to stumble upon Joan at this juncture. 
“I’m glad she’s OK,” Joan mumbled in return. 
Joan evidently did not intend to tell Caiden anything of note. 
Caiden decided not to pursue the matter. Since Joan had made up her mind, further interrogating her would only cause her to resent him. 
“Stay here for a few days. Your kidnappers will be hunting for you everywhere, so don’t step out for now. After the dust has settled, I’ll send you home,” Caiden offered in a gentler tone. 
Caiden was right. Once she’d sunk her teeth into something, Gabriella wasn’t one to be shaken off that easily. Once she realized that Joan had escaped, Gabriella would immediately be hot on her heels, tirelessly surveying and searching for Joan. Joan was all too familiar with the ruthless persistence that Gabriella had. 
“Where’s your best friend? Why don’t you get her to help you? Isn’t she rather wealthy?” Caiden suddenly probed.
Best friend? Joan thought, bemused. She shook her head resignedly. All of that had come to an end long ago. 
“I don’t have a best friend,” Joan answered soberly. 
What? Caiden was taken aback by this sudden revelation. He could clearly remember Joan being inseparable from another girl back in college. The pair were always seen together, whether studying, taking part in activities, or going on vacations. Joan and she had been so close that they were virtually indistinguishable then.
###Chapter 2063
Chapter 2063 
Caiden wondered if the two had naturally grown apart once each had had families of their own. 
“It doesn’t matter. Most college students don’t stay in touch with their friends after graduation. We’re all going on our separate paths in life, after all…” Caiden rambled, attempting to fill the awkwardness that had descended on them. 
Joan, however, knew well enough where the heart of the matter lay. 
Whenever Joan used to fantasize about her dream wedding, she’d always pictured Gabriella as her sole bridesmaid. However, things had taken a sudden turn when Gabriella had fallen in love with Joan’s husband. 
“Jory…” Nancy moaned. She lay on the bed with her eyes shut, her mind wandering. 
“Hey, wake up, hey…” Jaden said, gently patting Nancy’s arm. 
Nancy, however, made no response. 
“Don’t hit me! I’m begging you. I’m pregnant! Don’t hurt my child,” Nancy whimpered, waving her arms weakly. Her forlorn expression stirred up the pity in Jaden’s heart as he stood by Nancy’s bed watching her. 
He couldn’t help but wonder what crosses Nancy had to bear. He could not imagine what horrors she’d witnessed that were so unendurable they’d even spilled over into her dreams. 
“Hey, wake up!” Jaden raised his voice and nudged Nancy a little more forcefully this time.
“Who are you? What are you doing? Where am I? Why are you here?” Nancy babbled. She startled awake, sitting up violently. 
Jaden couldn’t quite stifle the giggle that burst out of him. 
Even when Nancy clearly wasn’t intending to be, Jaden found her reactions endearing. 
“Let me answer your questions one by one. I’m Jaden, a friend of Caiden. You’re safe in a hotel. Caiden and I rescued you and Joan from a pitch-dark room,” Jaden replied patiently. 
So he was the one who saved Joan and I! Nancy realized with a flood of relief. 
“Where’s Joan? How is she?” Nancy asked fervently, clutching Jaden’s arm tightly. 
“Don’t worry. She’s doing just fine. You’ll have to stay here for a few days, though. The hotel’s being watched now, so you might be discovered if you try to leave,” Jaden advised Nancy in a reassuring tone. 
“What are you doing? Where did those people in the room go, then? Did they fly away?” Gabriella spat at two of her men, who had been diligently spying on the door of the room. She could feel her stomach knotted up in rage. 
Why did I hire such useless punks? Gabriella seethed in despair. The only thing they’re good for is taking money from me! They’ve done absolutely nothing so far. 
“I’m asking you a question! What? Have all of you suddenly gone dumb?” Gabriella roared. 
The two men meekly hung their heads, looking like a couple of convicted criminals. 
“Ms. Ward, we haven’t left our spot for a single instant. We don’t know where they could have vanished too either,” One of the men volunteered faintly.
What did he mean by that? Was he trying to insinuate that I’m being unreasonable? Gabriella sneered as she straightened her back and faced the two men squarely. 
“Sure. Tell me, then, what should we do now that they’re nowhere to be seen?” Gabriella demanded. 
The two men exchanged glances. Helplessness flashed across their eyes. 
“We can check the surveillance tapes in the hotel.” One of them ventured tentatively. 
Gabriella had to admit that it was a surprisingly sound idea. “Go on, then! What are you waiting for?” she hollered. 
The two men visibly trembled in fear as they cowered before Gabriella. 
“Hey, you can’t just look at our surveillance footage. We have to get the consent of our manager first…” The supervisor of the security control room quickly broke in. 
“Get lost! You’d better not stand in my way. If you insist, I’ll get rid of you in the nastiest manner possible,” Gabriella threatened meanly. She took a menacing step towards the supervisor, who shrank back and quickly retreated a few steps. 
The supervisor rapidly took stock of the situation. He almost instantly came to the conclusion that self- preservation was of utmost priority. There’d be time enough to make all the reports he wanted after this crew of ruffians had departed. 
“Have you found anything?” Gabriella asked through gritted teeth. 
How dare you escape from me! Gabriella cursed Joan inwardly. How could she have even managed to flee in that state? It’s practically a miracle, Gabriella pondered. She almost admired the wits and determination that journey must have taken.
“You’d better hurry up. My patience is almost used up,” Gabriella announced chillingly. 
The men could not comprehend how this woman had managed to strike such terror in them. However, they had never met such a callous woman in their lives. They obeyed Gabriella as if by instinct. 
“Ms. Ward, we’ve already reviewed the tapes in the security control room, but…” One of the men began, but his voice died away on his lips. 
“But what!” Gabriella shrieked at the top of her lungs. Quite a number of doors opened and a few guests peered out, evidently displeased by the ruckus.
###Chapter 2064
Chapter 2064 
“There’s a crazy bitch yapping outside! She has no sense of propriety at all!” 
“Eh, forget her. Let’s just go to sleep. If she doesn’t want to sleep, that’s her business. If she goes overboard, we’ll call the police,” a couple murmured faintly to themselves in the distance. The doors soon shut after a while. 
“Ms. Ward, the footage has been erased,” the man timidly replied in a small voice. 
Alas, the surveillance tapes had been doctored. Gabriella’s plans were momentarily thrown into disarray. Wait a moment. I’ve practically disabled both Nancy and Joan! It’s impossible that they could have accomplished so much within such a short period of time. Unless… they got help! Realization dawned upon Gabriella. 
The heart of the enigma remained, however. Who were they getting help from? And where had they gotten the key? Gabriella had confirmed that there were two keys to the room in total. One was with the receptionist while Gabriella held the other in her hand. There had been no visible damage to the door or the lock. The only reasonable deduction Gabriella could draw from this fact was that Joan and Nancy’s aid had gotten the key from the receptionist. 
“Quick, go to the front desk. They’re going to change shifts soon. We have to seek out the receptionist who worked the front desk at that time!” Gabriella raged. 
The two men sprinted out of the security control room as if their lives depended on it. 
“What do you mean? I don’t understand what you’re saying,” the receptionist said, frowning in response to the harried demands of the two men standing before her.
“Come on. Are you saying that no one came to take the key?” the men yelled, unleashing all the fear and anger he’d kept pent up within him from enduring Gabriella’s abuse. 
The receptionist’s no-nonsense face immediately grew white with rage. 
She had no clue what these two madmen were going on about. The receptionist took pride in her professionalism and would never have handed the key to any stranger who demanded it. After all, the hotel greatly valued the privacy of its guests. 
“Forget it. You won’t be able to get anything out of her,” Gabriella scoffed, sauntering over. 
The two men whirled around and looked at her in bewilderment. 
“Ms. Ward, what do you mean by that?” they asked curiously. 
Gabriella almost boiled over with exasperation. Utterly disregarding her pathetic lackeys, she walked up to the receptionist and inquired politely, “Hello, may I ask who the receptionist on duty was just now?” The two men gaped in astonishment. They’d never heard such a gentle tone issuing from Gabriella before. 
“Oh, were you referring to her? Her shift already ended, and she should be home by now. She’ll be coming back to work tomorrow morning if you can wait until then,” the receptionist responded with equal courtesy. 
“Sure, thank you,” Gabriella replied. She turned and walked away, beckoning for the two men to follow. 
“I strongly suspect that those two bitches are still within the premises. Tonight, no matter what, I want you to thoroughly search every room,” Gabriella said confidingly to the two men once they were out of the receptionist’s earshot. 
“Got it. All right, we’ll do as you say, then,” the two men willingly assented.
Having thus agreed, the three of them proceeded on their separate ways. 
Nancy and Joan’s disappearance had left behind a whirl of turmoil in its wake. 
“It’s all because of you, Larry! How many things have happened ever since you got married to Joan? Those that I can recall offhand are already far too many to count!” Jory said, glowering. 
Jory’s outrage, however, was perfectly reasonable, given that his wife had suddenly gone missing without a trace. 
“Calm down, Jory. Let’s put our heads together and come up with a plan. There’s no use you kicking up a fuss. It’ll only waste more valuable time,” Larry explained. 
Where’s his presence of mind? Doesn’t Jory have any sense at all? Larry wondered disdainfully to himself. At a time like this, shouldn’t he be finding ways to solve the problem instead of assigning blame? 
Larry shook his head, heaving a sigh of despondency. It baffled him as to why Nancy even bothered fraternizing with such a pathetic bunch. 
“Fine, what do you say we should do, then? Where should we start looking?” Jory taunted, leering at Larry. 
They had last seen Nancy at the fashion boutique. Larry guessed that Rune was aware of something, at least. He had been consistently denying everything, however. It was outrageously evident that Rune was covering up for Gabriella. Larry cracked his knuckles, the cogs in his mind turning feverishly. 
Rune hadn’t been lying. He’d told Larry and Jory that Nancy had been to his boutique and that he’d personally seen her off onto her ride. Both of these facts were true. What Rune was blissfully oblivious to was that the car Nancy had been traveling on was hijacked by Gabriella’s gang of ruffians.
“I think we can make use of Rune to convey a message to Gabriella,” Larry said thoughtfully.
###Chapter 2065
Chapter 2065 
Jory burst out into peals of snide laughter. 
Does Larry take Rune for a fool? Does he really think that he’ll be willing to give up the woman he loves just to help you? Jory thought contemptuously. 
“In the recording, Nancy did give him some food for thought. I think Rune’s a reasonable guy. He’s not a bastard. He wouldn’t want anything to happen to Gabriella either, so I think we can take advantage of this,” Larry analyzed. 
Jory had to grudgingly admit that Larry had made a valid point. Rune’s heart was still soft-hearted at his core, and he did have a set of morals he adhered to. Defending Gabriella was Rune’s greatest struggle. 
“Rune, if you really love Gabriella, then don’t let her continue in her wicked ways. You know what she’s capable of. The moment she fixates on something, it’s impossible to tear her away from it. You’re the only one who can change her,” Larry cajoled. 
What the hell is he talking about? Obviously, this idiot is not aware that the only person in the world who can make a dint on Gabriella’s heart of steel is himself. 
Gabriella loved Larry in her own wicked way, and Rune was perfectly aware of that. It was this knowledge that kept him ensnared, however, quite unable to let go. As a result, Rune had been dragged into various evil deeds as a result of this twisted love. 
To Larry’s surprise, however, Rune was unexpectedly firm. “I don’t want to have anything to do with Gabriella anymore. Please don’t approach me about her anymore,” Rune declared solemnly.
Have Rune and Gabriella broken up? Why has it happened all of a sudden? Larry wondered. It seemed unbelievable. Rune had always been perfectly smitten with Gabriella. How could he have given her up just like that? 
“Did you and Gabriella…” Jory began, then paused. His face twitched as he struggled to think of a delicate way to phrase the question on both his and Larry’s mind. 
“I won’t have any more contact with Gabriella in the future. I’m already seeing someone else at the moment. Besides, I don’t wish to get involved in your affairs any longer. I don’t understand what goes on in your wealthy circles, and I don’t care to know either,” Rune added decisively. 
Larry guessed that Gabriella had finally broken Rune’s heart once and for all. 
Rune had, in fact, made this decision after he’d found out that Gabriella had kidnapped Nancy. 
He had offered Gabriella numerous chances to repent, even committing dirty deeds on her behalf to prove his sincerity to her. In the end, however, Rune’s efforts had ultimately remained futile. Wearied, Rune’s tolerance had finally reached its end. 
Love was a most curious thing. Once bitten, one could do absolutely nothing but to accept what fate had in store. Rune was thus determined to wait no longer nor push fruitlessly for something that wasn’t destined to be. Instead, he would practice acceptance. It was a much more peaceful way of living. 
“Can you bear to let Gabriella go, though? Isn’t she the woman you love the most?” Larry pressed. 
He wondered skeptically if Rune had merely said this to deflect Larry and Jory’s intense questioning. 
Rune, unfortunately, was earnest in his resolve. “I’m sorry, if there’s nothing else, I’ll be closing for the day. I’m picking my girlfriend up after work,” he announced, turning and hurrying away.
So it’s true! Larry mused, looking at Rune’s departing figure. Beside him, Jory shook his head in resignation and heaved a long sigh. 
If Gabriella already had a man who was so deeply in love with her, why did she have to choose Larry instead? Furthermore, why did she have to resort to such despicable tactics? What on earth is Gabriella thinking? 
Does she really love Larry? Countless questions clamored in Jory’s mind. The worst outcome would be for Gabriella to finally snag Larry, only to realize that all her labor was in vain. Gabriella had been so obsessed with Larry, not out of love, but because of jealousy. After all her maneuvers, however, Gabriella had ended up losing the only man who loved her. 
“All right. Let’s leave too, then,” Jory said helplessly, walking out of the fashion boutique. 
… 
Back at the hotel, Gabriella’s men were industriously checking each room. Joan and Nancy, meanwhile, were still holed up in Caiden’s. 
Nancy had begun experiencing feelings of claustrophobia. It was purely fear that confined her to her room. 
“Joan, when can we get out of here?” Nancy wheedled, sulking as she paced the room. 
“It’ll just be another few days, Nancy. Just bear with it, OK? It’s for our safety. I’m fine, but I can’t let anything happen to you,” Joan replied as she ruffled Nancy’s hair.
###Chapter 2066
Chapter 2066 
“Look at that. What an image of sisterhood,” Jaden proclaimed as he walked into the room, placing the bags he was carrying aside. 
“What did you buy? Are there snacks in there?” Nancy asked excitedly, her eyes dancing with anticipation. 
“Of course. How could I not have gotten your favourite?” Jaden replied proudly. He fished out an enormous bag of assorted snacks and tossed it over to Nancy. 
Even while pregnant, Nancy radiated a disarming beauty. If Nancy wasn’t so obviously taken, Jaden would have swooped in. 
“Jaden, what’s happening out there?” Joan asked somberly. 
“It’s a mess. Someone’s going door to door searching the rooms. This place isn’t safe anymore. We’ll have to move somewhere else,” Jaden replied gravely. 
In fact, Jaden had been rather astounded by the doggedness of Nancy’s kidnapper. So many days had passed since Nancy had escaped, yet she was unrelenting in her pursuit. Jaden privately wondered just how great an offense Nancy had committed to warrant such a chase. 
“Hey, where’s Caiden? Where did he go?” Nancy asked out of the blue, as if suddenly recalling his existence only then. 
“He went out to deal with some other matters. He can’t be spending the whole day in here with you, can he?” Jaden remarked wryly.
He shot a glance at Joan, who was standing a little way off. Raising his voice slightly, Jaden continued, “Caiden’s always busy every day. I really don’t know which woman will be able to deal with that in the future,” Jaden said, purposely a sigh loud enough for Joan to hear. 
Nancy hesitated, then slowly inched towards Jaden. 
“Are you saying that Caiden doesn’t have a girlfriend now? That’s impossible! He’s so handsome and is such a kind-hearted man. How can he not have a girlfriend?” Nancy commented incredulously. 
Everything Nancy had pointed out about Caiden was true. In fact, Caiden would have had a girlfriend by now if he hadn’t been so hung up over Joan. The various girls who had lusted after Caiden while he was in college were sophisticated, pretty maidens. They stood no chance, however, against Caiden’s steadfast obsession of his college sweetheart. 
At least Caiden had finally met Joan now after all those years spent pining for her. 
“Joan, do you have a boyfriend?” Jaden asked casually. 
“Like me, Joan got married quite a few years ago,” Nancy quickly supplied. 
What? She’s already married? Jaden thought, aghast. Did both of us go to all that trouble for nothing? 
Disappointment flashed across Jaden’s eyes. If Caiden finds out, he’ll be devastated! Jaden thought, distraught. 
“What are all of you talking about? It sounds exciting,” Caiden’s voice called out cheerily at that moment. He followed, sauntering in soon after. 
“Uh… we were… nothing much. Why did you come back so early today?” Jaden asked, quickly shifting the conversation away from the earlier sensitive topic.
“I finished early so I came back naturally,” Caiden replied smoothly. 
One could almost hear a pin drop in the room, so stifling was the silence. 
“What’s wrong? Why are all of you behaving so strangely?” Caiden asked with a chuckle. 
“It’s nothing. We were just… they were just asking me about the situation outside. We are still…” Jaden frantically replied, tripping over his words in his eagerness to fill the room. 
“That’s right, we’ve got to move. They’re searching for you room by room. If we don’t allow them in here, that’ll definitely raise their suspicions,” Caiden agreed. 
It looks like Gabriella’s not going to give up anytime soon! Joan thought gloomily. 
“Joan, isn’t that person your best friend in college? She looks very familiar,” Caiden suddenly said. 
“What do you mean, best friend? She’s Joan’s nemesis! She’s totally a wolf in sheep’s clothing,” Nancy retorted, gnashing her teeth in anger. 
Nancy had meant to look intimidating but Jaden only found her grow even more adorable in his sight. His lips curved up involuntarily into a smile. 
“Caiden, thank you for taking care of us for the past few days. However, I think it would be best if we head home instead,” Joan suddenly said slowly, as if deep in thought. 
There was no point in staying there now that Gabriella and her men had arrived, Joan reasoned. If she and Nancy remained, all they would be doing was submitting themselves into Gabriella’s hands. 
Beside Joan, Nancy looked rather apprehensive. “Joan, even if you go home, Gabriella definitely won’t stop here,” she piped up in a small voice.
It was true. To say that Gabriella was an extremely determined individual was to put it lightly. 
“So it’s her,” Caiden gave a low whistle. 
He recognized the name. Gabriella had been notorious in college for bullying the freshmen in their club. She was also extremely snooty and would only associate herself with the rich and powerful. Gabriella considered herself far too superior to mix with the common herd. Caiden had been on the receiving end of Gabriella’s nastiness back in school. If it wasn’t for Joan’s multiple interventions, he would have quitted the club long ago. Caiden would naturally never have had the chance to win first place then.
###Chapter 2067
Chapter 2067 
“Don’t worry, Joan. I’ll find a way to get you home safely.” Caiden smiled. 
“And how exactly are you planning to do that? There’s no way for us to escape under their surveillance,” Jaden chimed in. 
He’s right. Gabriella had sent more backup to guard and inspect the rooms. 
“I guess you’ll just have to trust me,” Caiden said to Joan and Nancy. 
Though Jaden didn’t know what tricks Caiden had up his sleeves, he believed that Caiden would have come up with a decent escape plan. 
“Here, Joan. I bought some disguises for the two of you. We’re leaving right after you’ve changed. There are fewer people around since it’s mealtime.” Caiden tossed the clothes to the ladies and pulled Jaden out of the room. 
Nancy picked up the clothes in a hurry. She was stunned when she realized what they were. I’ve never worn clothes like this before! I can’t imagine how it’s going to feel like. 
“Nancy, it’s just for a while, ok?” Joan coaxed. 
She knew wearing men’s clothes would be difficult for Nancy. Nancy paid a lot of attention to her image. Though she behaved somewhat carelessly, she was oddly repulsed by the idea of wearing men’s clothes. 
“It’s fine, Joan. Let’s just change. We shouldn’t keep them waiting for long.” Nancy started undressing without a further word.
To complete their disguise, both women changed their hairstyles and put on glasses. They also muddied their skin. Only a close acquaintance would be able to recognize them. 
“We’re done. Let’s go,” Nancy announced as she left the room. 
“Pffft!” Forgetting to control his reaction, Jaden burst out laughing at the sight of the two ladies. 
“Don’t you think you’ve gone a little overboard with the disguises?” 
I have to take every precaution. Gabriella knows us too well, and I’m sure she has our faces imprinted in her memory. She’s going to be even more careful after my last escape. 
“That’s good then. Time to go,” Joan whispered. 
“Jaden, we won’t forget you’re here if you stop speaking for two seconds, you know,” Caiden said abruptly. 
This shut Jaden up. 
The two men left the room first. A few minutes later, they beckoned the women forward. 
“Just act natural. Or they’ll notice that something’s amiss.” Caiden’s eyes kept darting around his surroundings. 
“Ok.” Joan rubbed her hands together nervously. There was a hint of fear in her eyes. 
“Joan, I-I’m scared,” Nancy blurted. 
“Don’t say anything, and don’t worry. You’ll be fine with us here.” Jaden patted her comfortingly on her shoulder.
They walked in pairs, passing through numerous corridors. They avoided the elevators. They were more easily recognizable in close quarters, and there were also surveillance cameras in elevators. Gabriella had also arranged for guards in all the elevators so she could track them down quickly. 
“Stop there!” A cold, unfamiliar voice rang out. 
“What rooms are you from?” A fierce man walked toward them. 
“We’re from the top floor. What’s going on?” Caiden straightened to his full height and replied the man coolly. 
The guard hesitated at Caiden’s answer. 
Isn’t the presidential suite located on the top floor? He thought better of invoking their ire. Why are those two chaps wearing hats indoors though? And they’re wrapped in layers like burritos. 
“Hey, you two. Aren’t you sweating from wearing those hats in this sort of weather? You should take them off.” 
Caiden looked at the two women before casting a hostile gaze toward the guard. 
“What’s wrong with wearing hats?” he retorted. 
“Nothing’s wrong, sir. We’re under orders to look for some people in the hotel. So we need your friends here to take off their hats before we can let you pass.”
###Chapter 2068
Chapter 2068 
The guard answered Caiden meekly, apparently surprised by his imposing aura. 
“Take the hats off, then.” Caiden eyed the two women. 
They took their hats off but didn’t turn around. 
Short hair. And they’re both dressed in men’s clothes. 
“I’m sorry for disturbing you, sir. You may leave.” The four of them left in a hurry. 
Nancy and Joan let out identical sighs of relief. The tension had also left their gaze. Luckily I thought of putting on some wigs, or we’d have given ourselves away! 
“Joan, thank god you thought about the wigs.” Nancy’s praise was effusive. 
Of course! We need to stay one step ahead if we want to escape from her clutches. 
“Who knew the two of you could pass off so easily as men, eh?” Jaden commented nonchalantly. 
“You jerk, we almost fainted from the nerves. How do you look so carefree right now?” Nancy pinched his elbow. 
“Well, it’s not like I can walk around with a frown on my face. What a poor omen. Plus, don’t you find this rather exciting? Ok, ok, I’ll zip my lips. Won’t you let me off the hook, ma’am?” Jaden teased. 
Joan’s lips curved up in humor as she watched their interaction. 
I don’t know how the two of them are still in the mood to mess around! 
“What a pity,” Caiden sighed.
Joan turned to face him confusedly. 
“If your friend isn’t married or pregnant, they would’ve made a good pair,” he explained. 
“You can drop the idea. She and her husband are a pair of disgusting lovebirds,” Joan added. 
They would make a pair of good buddies, though. 
Nancy and Jaden were both loud and colorful characters, so they got along exceptionally well. Perhaps they were a bit too caught up in their teasings and had thrown the escape to the back of their minds. 
“Nancy, shush,” Joan whispered. 
The two of them were lost in their own world. They were still playing around noisily. 
Soon, they arrived at the doors of the hotel. 
Joan visibly sagged in relief at the sight. 
“We’re free!” Suddenly, Nancy had stretched out both arms and shouted at the sky. 
All eyes in the lobby turned to her at that moment. 
Damn it! ”Run!” Caiden yelled. 
“Get them! Quick!” One of Gabriella’s head lackeys barked out orders at his men. 
A few people began running toward Joan and Nancy. 
“Why are you still standing around? Run!” Jaden pulled Nancy with him as they ran. 
“Oh god, am I going to die here?” Nancy screamed.
“Just shut up and save your energy for running! I can’t carry you since your stomach’s so heavy!” Jaden retorted. 
“Damn it, Jaden. How can you joke at a time like this?” 
Nancy was panicking like mad. She had never expected to foil her own plans of escape with some carelessly uttered words. 
In reality, the head lackey had already noticed her and Jaden. They were making such a ruckus that it was almost impossible not to notice them. Though her disguise as a man was believable, she gave herself away the moment she shouted at the sky. 
“Get in!” The two women were shoved into the car. 
A black sedan sped along the highway, followed closely by a fleet of at least ten cars. 
“Oh god, they’re on our tail! What are we going to do?” Nancy’s fear was palpable.
###Chapter 2069
Chapter 2069 
They were so close to escaping unnoticed. Her disappointment at being discovered was indescribable. 
“It’s ok, we’ll figure something out,” Joan comforted Nancy gently while stroking her hair. 
“Well, we wouldn’t be in this situation if you didn’t announce it to the whole world,” Jaden complained. 
“Shut it. If you weren’t playing around with her, she wouldn’t have let down her guard either,” Caiden cut in. 
Jaden fell silent as the guilt began creeping up his spine. 
The cars behind showed no signs of giving up on their chase. The four of them were beginning to lose hope. 
“Caiden, we’re going to run out of fuel at some point. Think of something,” Jaden said worriedly. 
They would never be able to outlast the fleet of cars behind them. They would eventually run out of fuel and get caught. 
“Joan, is there anyone you can call for help? We need some backup,” Caiden pleaded. 
“He’s right. Joan, you should call Larry. I’ll call Jory. We can get them to send some help and at least block off the cars,” Nancy voiced anxiously. 
“Ok,” Joan answered determinedly. 
Caiden passed Jaden’s and his phone to them.
At this very moment, Larry was going through the surveillance tapes feverishly in an attempt to piece together what had happened. He didn’t know what she was going through and had never expected to receive a call from her. 
His phone lay abandoned on the sofa. He had ignored it though it rang multiple times. All his attention was on the screens before him. 
“Mr. Norton, your phone’s ringing.” One of his assistants entered the room. 
“Who is it?” Larry asked disinterestedly. 
“I-it’s your wife.” The assistant paused in confusion. 
Joan? Larry stood up in an instant and grabbed the phone in his assistant’s hand. 
“Hello? Joan? Where are you? Are you ok? Are you injured? Tell me where you are, and I’ll come for you right away!” Larry almost stumbled over his questions. 
“Larry.” Joan tried hard to rein in her emotions. 
She almost burst out crying at the sound of his voice. 
“Can you come and get me? There are a lot of cars behind us. They’re all chasing us. Please come quickly,” Joan said shakily. 
“Ok, don’t panic. Send me your coordinates, and I’ll bring help ASAP.” 
Joan hung up soon after. 
Caiden saw that hope had begun to creep into her features. I guess that man she called is a really important person in her life.
Nancy began sobbing when Jory picked up her call. 
Jory’s heart broke into pieces when he heard her cries. 
“Jory, I’m almost dead! Please save me!” Nancy wailed into the receiver. 
“I-I’m in the c-car now, and there are s-so many cars behind us. Jory, what are we going to do? I don’t want to die.” 
Jaden burst into laughter at her simpers. 
Nancy was drying her tears after ending her call with Jory. 
“F*ck you, Jaden. What’s so funny about our situation? I’m scared to death here. Are you planning to laugh yourself to death instead?” Nancy mumbled. 
“Aren’t you being a drama queen? Going on and on about how you’re about to die. Just look at how calm Joan is.” Jaden scoffed. 
Well, Joan’s not an ordinary person to begin with! 
“Stop talking, Jaden. Keep our eyes on the road,” Caiden chided. 
There were close to twenty cars on the highway. Each car was now driving at its maximum speed. 
Meanwhile, Jory had called Larry about the situation. “Hey, Larry, did Joan call you? Nancy called me too.” Jory left his office in a hurry.
###Chapter 2070
Chapter 2070 
“Yes, I’ve got it. Let’s send out more men to stop those cars…” Larry blurted anxiously. 
That was the first time the two men had ever reached a consensus. 
Boom! 
All of a sudden, a peal of thunder split the air, followed immediately by a downpour. 
Flashes of lightning lit up the sky, and thunder boomed. On the whole, everything seemed terrifying. 
“Oh God, this is bad! In such weather, I can’t accelerate, or we might crash!” Jaden exclaimed loudly. 
Truth be told, he didn’t dare drive too fast since he was afraid that he would lose control of the car. 
“Joan, when is backup arriving?” Caiden asked as he twisted to the back. 
“Soon. They’ve already set out,” Nancy swiftly chimed in. 
“Jaden, just hang in there for a bit more. Focus…” 
“They’re here! They’re here!” Nancy suddenly shrieked excitedly. 
Upon hearing that, Joan’s eyes instantly widened, and she gazed out the window. 
“You’re sure they’re on your side?” Caiden questioned while staring at them dubiously. 
“Yup! One of them is my husband, and the other is hers,” Nancy quickly explained. 
All at once, Jaden let out a sigh of relief at the front.
In no time, a dozen cars cut off Caiden’s car from the cars that were pursuing them at the back. 
Having done so, the people in the cars promptly scrambled out. 
“Are you okay, Joan?” Larry knocked on the car window, his heart that had been lodged in his throat finally settling back into his chest. 
“Caiden, this is my husband. We’re safe!” Joan hurriedly asserted. 
“Hubby!” Nancy threw herself into Jory’s arms as soon as she climbed out of the car. “I thought I would never see you again! I thought I was going to die with our child…” she sobbed. 
“Okay, you’re fine now. Everything’s fine,” Jory comforted as he patted her shoulder lightly. 
“Are you hurt anywhere? Did Gabriella do anything to you?” Larry checked Joan, who was standing before him, all over. 
“I’m fine. Fortunately, they saved us, or we would’ve really died in there.” Joan pointed at Caiden and Jaden some distance away. 
“Thank you.” Larry slowly walked over to them. 
Hmm… he must be the person whom Joan holds in high regard, huh? His curiosity piqued, Caiden studied Larry skeptically. 
“Nice to meet you. I’m Larry Norton, Joan’s husband. Thank you for saving my wife.” Larry extended a hand courteously. 
However, Caiden didn’t plan on shaking his hand since he found it superfluous. Besides, they might even be enemies in the future. 
“Who are you all? Get out of my way!” the leader of the ruffians on Gabriella’s side bellowed.
“Who was that? How dare you make such a racket in front of me? Do you not want to live anymore?” Jory threatened as he sauntered over. 
In an instant, those men backed away several steps. 
“Boss, that’s Mr. Synder. We can’t afford to cross him, so let’s retreat. Our lives are more important,” a young man whispered after scurrying over. 
At that, the lead ruffian wavered. 
He had once heard that Jory and Larry were ruthless and pitiless characters in the business world who never showed their enemies an ounce of mercy. 
But what am I supposed to say to Gabriella Ward? No, I’ve got to make a decision and sacrifice either one. Ugh! No matter what, life is the most important! 
“Uh… Mr. Synder, I’m sorry, but we’ve got the wrong person,” the lead ruffian murmured with a smile. 
“B*llshit! It was them! They were the ones who had been pursuing us! They’re all Gabriella Ward’s men!” Nancy thundered out of the blue. 
Hearing that, Jory’s eyes immediately radiated murder. How dare they make a move against my woman? They must all have a death wish! 
“Men, attack!” The moment Jory’s order fell, the men behind them charged forward with wooden sticks. 
With that, a battle raged on. 
The highway had long since been barricaded, for Larry had already made a call to prohibit anyone else from accessing the highway before coming over.
Very quickly, Gabriella’s men could no longer hold out and all collapsed on the ground. 
As rain and blood blended together, the stench of blood permeated the air. 
“Don’t take things too far, Jory. It’ll be troublesome if anyone dies,” Larry reminded.
###Chapter 2071
Chapter 2071 
I naturally know that I can’t kill them, but I want them to be crippled at least! Jordan resolved. 
After breaking the men’s arms and legs, the cars in front swiftly left the scene of carnage. 
However, those who were left behind couldn’t lodge a police report. 
“You must have suffered quite a few frights lately, but I promise it won’t happen again.” Larry hugged the woman before him tightly. 
Phew! That’s great! I don’t want to live a life of misery whereby the days crawl by anymore either! 
“Was that man earlier your junior?” Larry then queried inquisitively. 
“Yup. It so happened that he had just come back the other day…” Joan explained. 
But why is it that I found the look in his eyes not quite right? Was I reading too much into things? 
Larry pounded himself on the head in a bid to clear his mind. 
“Mommy!” Lucius launched himself at Joan the moment they arrived home. As Delilah looked on at the side, a rush of warmth suffused her. 
It had only been less than a month, yet she felt as though an eternity had passed. 
“Since you’re back, go and take a shower before changing. Then, we’ll have dinner together.” She patted Joan’s back lightly. 
Joan knew that Lucius and Delilah had been extremely worried about her throughout the past few days, so she was truly thankful that she had returned safe and sound.
Dinner was a solemn affair. Lucius didn’t dare speak while Delilah kept mum; Larry merely buried his head in his food. Thus, the atmosphere became rather awkward. 
“What’s wrong with you all? Are you all not happy that I’m back today?” Joan murmured. 
That was the exact opposite, for everyone had been scared witless previously. 
“Mommy, you know what? Grandma and I couldn’t sleep in the past few days you’ve been away, afraid that something might have happened to you…” Lucius mumbled, his eyes red-rimmed. 
In a flash, tears welled in Joan’s eyes as well, for she hadn’t fared any better. 
She almost couldn’t make it through those days and even entertained thoughts of giving up, but upon recalling everyone at home, she forced herself to hold out until Caiden and Jaden showed up. 
“It’s okay, for that’s all in the past. Look, I’m back now, aren’t I? Don’t worry.” She stroked his head. 
After dinner, she went straight to the bedroom, perhaps too exhausted from her ordeal in the past few days. Lying down on the bed, she gazed at the lonely crescent moon outside the window. 
Ah well, that’s life. Regardless of whether it’s happy or melancholic, it’s all in the past. She then gradually closed her eyes. 
Click. Larry swung open the door lightly and walked in. As he stared at Joan, who was sound asleep on the bed, distress flooded his eyes. 
She has suffered much. He caressed her hair gently, his mood abruptly turning pensive. 
Meanwhile, Jaden was playing video games on the sofa in the living room, looking exceedingly excited. Caiden, on the other hand, was flipping through a magazine while snacking on some fruits. 
“Well, what are you planning to do, Caiden?” Jaden asked out of the blue.
What kind of crappy question is this? It’s absurd! Caiden ignored him, merely continuing to read the magazine in his hands. 
“Hey, don’t ignore me! Say, Joan Watts is already married, so what’s your plan? Are you going to give up?” Jaden pressed. 
Caiden was stunned for a moment before he schooled his expression. 
Who said I’m going to give up? She’s the first and only woman I’ve ever developed feelings for, so isn’t it cowardly of me to just give up? 
“We’ll see,” Caiden replied placidly. 
“Well, just a word of advice from me. It’s despicable to ruin a marriage, so take it easy, Caiden.” 
So what? Just because of that, I’ve got to give up the woman whom I love? How ridiculous! Hearing that, Caiden’s eyes blazed with resentment. 
“Shut up and play your game! Also, you’d be better served by considering the kind of girlfriend you’re going to find, or your mother will coerce you into going on blind dates again.” 
“Hello, is this Miss Gabriella Ward?” 
“Yes, speaking. May I know who you are?” Gabriella’s voice was threaded with a hint of weariness. 
Ever since she learned that those two women had returned home, she had been in a bad state. 
“What? Why is my license being revoked? I went through all the legal channels when I registered…” She sprang to her feet, irritation written in her eyes.
###Chapter 2072
Chapter 2072 
I’ve finally registered a small company abroad, and while the profits are measly, it’s still not bad for a start. And now, they’re actually revoking my license? No, I can’t allow that to happen! Without this meager trump card, I won’t be able to live a normal life! 
“If you have problems with that, you can come over and run it personally. Your company’s performance is now the worse in the entire city, so if you’re just going to let it be, we’ll have no choice but to revoke your license.” 
So, they’re telling me to go abroad, huh? Isn’t the meaning of this clear as day? 
Gabriella hesitated for a moment before deciding to go abroad and manage her company. I’ve been tiring out myself too much recently, and most importantly, I don’t have anything to show for it! That b*tch, Joan Watts, is still alive and kicking! At the same time, she wanted to rest and take a break. 
Throughout my entire pregnancy, I’ve been anxious and worried every single day. Now that the child is gone, I don’t need to fret about Larry investigating the child’s biological father anymore. As for Joan Watts, there’s no hurry since there’s plenty of time. Karma will definitely get her sooner or later! 
After packing a simple luggage, she set out for the airport. 
“Hello. Larry, Gabriella has left the country,” Caspian reported the latest news in a lowered voice. 
What’s she planning now? Why did she suddenly go abroad? It can’t be because she’s looking to escape judgment for the incident this time since we haven’t gotten any evidence. 
“Caspian, find out why she went abroad as soon as possible.” After saying that, Larry hung up right away.
But well, that’s a good thing. With her gone, Joan will be safe at least, and I don’t need to worry every day. 
“She established a small company abroad that has been doing extremely well. But something happened to the company recently, and its performance plummeted. So, she probably went over to handle things,” Caspian narrated the findings of his investigation. 
Ah, so that’s why. She’s rather capable that she’s established a company abroad. Well, she’s something else! But no matter the reason, there’ll be peace now that she’s gone! 
“Please allow me to go out, my beloved husband. I just want to go out for some air. It’s been a long time since I’ve been out, so I’m about to die of boredom here. Look, Gabriella has gone abroad, so she naturally won’t do anything to us when she can’t see us,” Nancy beseeched coquettishly as she shook Jory’s arm. 
“Nope. Evil people always outnumber good people in this world, so don’t go out, Darling. Just put up with it for a while longer for the sake of our baby, okay?” Jory cajoled softly as he kissed her forehead gently. 
In the blink of an eye, Nancy’s expression darkened as fury seized her. 
She wasn’t the kind of person who could stay at home doing nothing, so she naturally couldn’t stand being cooped up in the house, staring at the four walls. 
“No way! I must go out. Otherwise, I’m not going to talk to you anymore!” As she said that, she turned around and pouted. 
Ah, she’s truly a pain in the butt! When will she be more mature? 
“In that case, tell me who you’re wanting to meet.” Jory hugged her tightly.
“Joan, of course!” Nancy blurted. 
What? Joan Watts again? No, it’s a definite no this time! I haven’t even settled the score with her for the incident back then, so it’s a no-brainer this time! 
“Nancy, you can go out and have fun, but you’re not allowed to meet up with Joan Watts. I’m telling you loud and clear today that you’re not to contact her if you want to be with me. But if you want to be with her, then I’ll just move out,” Jory declared coldly. 
Whoa, he’s truly incensed! This is the first time I’ve ever seen him this irate, and it’s because of Joan. 
“Uh… What’s wrong with you?” Nancy patted him on the back lightly. 
If it weren’t for her, I would’ve long since had someone deal with Joan Watts! 
“Hey, don’t be angry anymore. Why are you so angry when the incident back then wasn’t even her fault?” Nancy drawled. 
“Not her fault, you said? Think about the number of incidents that had happened ever since you get acquainted with her. You’re now with child, so you should behave yourself. As the saying goes, it takes two to tango. If she hadn’t given someone else the wrong idea, why would all those things have happened to her?” Jory bellowed.
###Chapter 2073
Chapter 2073 
Fine, then. He’s not going to listen to reason right now, so I’ll just zip my mouth. Whirling around, Nancy slowly walked over to the sofa at the side and flipped through a magazine silently. 
All at once, guilt swamped Jory. 
I shouldn’t have had lost my temper, much less directed my anger at my wife. 
“Nancy, I was a bit worked up so now, so don’t take it to heart, okay? But I really hope that you won’t meet Joan Watts anymore. We can just live our lives peacefully as we did in the past few days. Isn’t that good?” 
Even then, that’s not a reason to deprive me of my right to make friends! 
Upon seeing her tormented expression, understanding instantly dawned upon Jory, and he knew that she couldn’t accept that. Never mind, then. I’ll just let her do whatever she pleases. 
“You know what, Jory? Before I had gotten divorced from Caspian, Joan was already aware of our relationship. However, she kept it a secret for me…” Nancy started recounting the past. 
“When I cried, it was her who kept comforting me. And it was also her who drank all night with me when I was sad. I’ll die without her, you know? But now, you actually want me to cut all contact with her!” 
She was both earnest and peeved as she spoke. In truth, Jory didn’t know all this, nor had he ever considered it. 
“I’m sorry, Nancy. I shouldn’t have given you an ultimatum earlier. I really didn’t know that the two of you had been through so much together. Rest assured that I’ll never again force you to choose between us anymore, okay?” He gently stroked her cheek.
He knew that she was a person who attached great value to relationships, and he wasn’t an unreasonable person either, so he now understood her friendship with Joan after all she had imparted. 
Knock, knock, knock… 
“Ah, you’re really here! I went over to your house earlier, but the housemaid said that you’ve gone out. I just knew that you’d be here! I brought you this soup I boiled, so drink it while it’s hot. It won’t taste good if it has cooled.” Joan walked in as she spoke. 
She only glimpsed Nancy’s head from outside the office, but she didn’t notice that Jory was still hugging her. 
“Oops, sorry for intruding! Nancy, remember to drink it while it’s hot, okay? I’ll just place it here.” After saying that, she quickly left and closed the door behind her. 
“See? That’s my good friend and the person whom you asked me to cut off all contact with!” Nancy huffed resentfully. 
“Joan?” A familiar male voice rang out behind Joan. 
“Oh, what a coincidence, Caiden!” Joan greeted. 
Ever since they had gone their separate ways back then, they hadn’t met each other again. Besides, they didn’t have the other’s contact information. 
“Thank you so much for the other day. Oh yes, are you free today? I’ll treat you to a meal,” Joan offered smilingly. That’s the polite thing to do, after all. Moreover, we’re even former schoolmates. 
“Sure! Is this a convenient time for you? But I’ll treat you instead.” Caiden chuckled. 
The two of them then set out, chatting and laughing all the way to a restaurant.
“I heard that Gabriella Ward has gone abroad,” Caiden remarked in a seemingly nonchalant manner. 
“Yup. Speaking of that, it’s rather surprising that she left so suddenly.” There was a trace of lingering fear in Joan’s eyes. 
Caiden knew that she had suffered quite a bit because of Gabriella. 
At times, I really don’t understand why Larry Norton didn’t protect her well and take good care of her. I can tell that she loves him very much, but I can’t see how much he actually loves her. 
“You’re married despite being so young, Joan?” he deliberately commented as he took a sip of coffee. 
“Yeah. Our journey has been extremely complicated, but it’s all good now. There seem to be no obstacles standing in our way anymore.” Joan flashed him a smile after wiping her mouth. 
Now that Gabriella has left, we can finally have some rest! Little did she know that the man in front of her would be the next obstacle. 
“Do you really love Larry Norton that much? I’ve heard of his exploits in the past,” Caiden intentionally noted. 
In reality, he had never heard of any exploits. Instead, he was making it up on the fly. 
“I heard that he had dated many women in the past and even gotten someone pregnant…” Upon hearing that, Joan was stunned for a moment.
###Chapter 2074
Chapter 2074 
Hmm… he must be speaking of Gabriella. But the child isn’t Larry’s! 
“That’s not true. Larry is very loyal, so he’ll never date others casually. The child Gabriella was pregnant with then actually wasn’t Larry’s…” Joan explained solemnly, her demeanor serious. 
At that moment, Caiden understood that she truly loved Larry to the point of no return. 
As they shot the breeze, the atmosphere turned a touch awkward. Caiden had initially planned to bring up some negative news about Larry before her, but he had never expected her to trust Larry that much. 
“Oh, why don’t we take a photo together, Joan?” Caiden proposed out of the blue. 
The two of them then made the peace sign and took a few photos together, both looking joyful in them. 
“I just came back, so there are a lot of things I’m not familiar with, Joan. I’ll probably be needing your help quite a bit in the future.” 
“No problem. Don’t worry, okay? If there’s anything I can help in the future, just ring me up,” Joan avowed as she patted herself on the chest lightly. 
There was nothing wrong with that remark, but it gave Caiden the opportunity to implement the next stage of his plan. 
After they were done eating, they both went home separately. Caiden offered to drive Joan home, but she declined. 
As a married woman, she naturally knew that she should minimize contact with other men.
The sky gradually darkened, and a few stars appeared overhead. It was extremely quiet. As a breeze brushed past, a cool sensation followed. All of a sudden, elation infused Caiden. He hadn’t been that excited in a long time. 
“Hey, what’s wrong with you? Why are you smiling to yourself?” Jaden thumped him on the back as he suddenly popped out. 
“Couldn’t you have made some noise? Were you trying to give me a heart attack?” Caiden groused lowly. 
Whoa, there’s something going on with him! Something must have happened! Jaden promptly rushed forward and stared at him curiously in an attempt to see through him. 
“God, this is too much! Stop following me around!” 
“Then, tell me what happened today that had you in such high spirits!” Jaden demanded as he munched on some fruits. 
“Nothing. I’m busy, so don’t bother me.” As Caiden said that, he went into the study. 
Gah! How could he have treated me like that? That’s so dismissive! I told him everything in the past, yet he’s now keeping secrets from me! 
Jaden plopped down on the sofa and started scrolling through his cell phone lazily. 
“Oh my God! You’re amazing to have gotten so far with her, Caiden!” the man on the sofa suddenly shrieked. 
However, Caiden didn’t answer him, his eyes fixated on the codes on the screen of his laptop.
“Hey, tell me how you did it! You’ve never dated in the past, no? And what’s your relationship with that senior of yours now?” Jaden questioned at the door of the study as he browsed through Caiden’s Facebook. 
Damn it, why is he so irritating? Is he going to keep bugging me unless I explain things to him? 
“Oh, goody! Hurry up and teach me! Your methods are simply too amazing! You’ve just met her once, yet you’ve already started dating her…” Jaden entirely ignored the dour mood of the man before him. 
Meanwhile, at Delilah’s house, Lucius was doing his homework in the room while Delilah was cooking in the kitchen. Larry, on the other hand, was sitting on the sofa, scrolling through his cell phone. 
However, the brows of the man on the sofa gradually scrunched together. “Joan?” Larry called out in a low voice. 
“What is it?” Joan leaned against his shoulder. 
“Did you have lunch with that junior of yours today?” Huh? How did he know that? This is really strange. 
“Don’t make it sound as though he’s so much younger than me. He was just a year below me,” Joan chided. 
“Don’t change the subject.” Larry pinched her petite face. 
“Yup. I took Nancy some chicken soup today, and I happened to bump into him on my way back. I didn’t get to thank him after he’d saved me the other day, so I offered to treat him to lunch. But in the end, it was still him who footed the bill,” Joan murmured evenly with her head lowered.
###Chapter 2075
Chapter 2075 
Gosh, this silly woman definitely doesn’t know that he has a crush on her! After all, a man’s feelings for a woman are evident at a single glance. That junior of hers certainly has an ulterior motive of some sort. 
“You’ve got to be careful in the future. I’m afraid that that junior of yours will pester you,” Larry reminded as he dropped a gentle kiss on her hair. 
That’s impossible! We’ve never interacted much in the past, and we won’t be contacting each other all that often in the future either! 
“Look, you’re reading too much into things again. He doesn’t have any interest in me when he’s a top student. Furthermore, he knows that I’m already married,” Joan muttered. 
Those are two different things. Regardless of whether she’s married, it’s not a deterrent to a person’s true desires. Moreover, I can tell that Caiden Owens is a very tenacious person. 
“Anyway, just…” 
“Alright, that’s enough talking. Dinner is ready, so let’s eat!” Delilah interrupted Larry even as she rolled her eyes at him. 
Meanwhile, Joan didn’t take Larry’s words to heart either. She then went into Lucius’ room. 
“It’s dinnertime, Lucius!” 
“Hey, when are you going home, Caiden? Your mother phoned me,” Jaden offhandedly remarked in the living room.
Ever since they came back, Caiden never once went back home. He was either busy with his coding or racking his brains to set up a chance encounter with Joan every day. 
“I’m rather busy these days, so I’ve got no time to go back home,” Caiden replied tersely beside him. 
Busy? What’s he so busy about every day? He’s got a large-scale business in his family, yet he isn’t interested in taking over. Instead, he insists on doing some lame coding! I really can’t figure out what he’s thinking! Jaden heaved a sigh. 
“I don’t care. Just make time to go back home for a visit these few days! Otherwise, I’ll tell your mother about Joan Watts.” 
“Don’t you dare!” Caiden threatened, his head snapping up at once. 
Oh wow, he’s really angry! It looks like Joan Watts is indeed an effective threat! 
“Then, go home for a visit. I’m sure Mr. and Mrs. Owens miss you greatly after not having seen you for so many years,” Jaden continued. 
In truth, Caiden’s relationship with his parents was strained. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have gone against his father’s wishes back when he studied abroad and majored in his preferred course of computer programming instead of business administration as his father demanded. 
He had lived with his grandparents ever since young, so his parents were never present during his childhood. It was only when his grandparents passed away did he went back home. By then, he was already in college, so he was merely staying in the dormitory every day despite having “moved back home”. 
“Say, it’s been so many years, so why don’t you let the past go? They’re your parents, after all,” Jaden mumbled cautiously.
They were good friends who grew up together, so he understood Caiden’s circumstances. Hence, he always put up with his occasional outbursts, no matter how bad they were. 
He knew that Caiden wasn’t malicious at heart but simply rather obstinate at times. And that was also why he had always been worried that he would be hung up on Joan. 
“That’s my business. It has nothing to do with you,” Caiden countered in a mild voice. 
Good God, he has truly lost his mind! It’s none of my business? What has he been taking me for throughout the years? 
“Well, if you continue saying such things, I’m not going to be bothered with you anymore.” As Jaden said that, he got up and headed to his own bedroom. 
Sometimes, he really wished he could just lay into Caiden. Not only did he always go off tangent, but he also had a bad temper. 
Slam! The bang of a door slamming shut had Caiden jolting. 
The cell phone beside him was ringing incessantly, but he showed no signs of answering it. He remained buried in his work as though everything else in this world, save coding, had nothing to do with him. 
“Good God, can you please pick up the call, Caiden Owens? It’s really driving me out of my mind! Your mother keeps calling me, asking whether you’d gone missing or fallen sick! In fact, she’s calling even more frequently than my mother…” Jaden groused in a near shout.
###Chapter 2076
Chapter 2076 
Upon hearing Jaden’s complaint, Caiden snagged his cell phone and hit redial. 
“Hello. Don’t call Jaden anymore, for he’s very busy.” That action of his stunned Jaden, who was a near distance away. 
“When are you coming home, Caiden? I haven’t seen you in a long time. Why don’t you come home, and we’ll have dinner together?” The woman’s voice quivered slightly. 
In the many years he had gone abroad, he had never once come back home. Even when he was in college, he rarely did so. If one were to consider carefully, he had spent less than a month at home ever since he was born. She had never realized that in the past, but when she later regretted it, everything was already too late. 
In Caiden’s memories, his grandparents were the entirety of his world, not his parents. 
“I’m quite busy these days, so maybe later. Also, don’t call Jaden anymore.” After saying that, Caiden promptly hung up. 
True enough, he was a person who suffered from a severe lack of love besides being prone to shutting out others around him. Back then, it took Jaden almost two years before he finally won him over. 
“Um… I went a bit overboard earlier, so don’t take it to heart, okay?” Jaden mumbled embarrassingly as he dragged his feet over. 
“Okay. I’m hungry, so make me some noodles.” Caiden didn’t even raise his head while speaking. 
That was exactly the kind of person he was. He never got angry, and he seldom had any outbursts. But if he really grew enraged one day, it would truly be a nightmare to rein in.
“Alright, I’ll get to it right away.” 
Conversely, Jaden’s experience was far happier than Caiden’s. He was born in a happy though ordinary family. Despite not having much money, life was peaceful and sweet. 
His family had been neighbors with Caiden’s grandparents, so they often played together when they were young. Later, his parents even regarded Caiden as their own son. He had a sister, and she was a little fangirl of Caiden’s. She had always followed them around until the two of them went abroad. 
“Oh yes, my sister called and said that she wants to treat us to a meal!” Jaden declared loudly from the kitchen. 
“No thanks,” Caiden instantly declined. 
He knew all too well that the girl never stopped chattering, so he had no interest in meeting her. 
“Ah well, we’ve just gotten back, so why don’t we have a gathering? We’re a family, after all,” Jaden muttered. 
That was true in a sense. After all, Caiden always went over to his house to eat, while Jaden and his sister often came over for snacks. Thus, the two families truly appeared more like a family. 
“You go ahead. I’m very busy,” Caiden answered. 
Hah! He merely doesn’t want to see Noelle! 
“What a crappy excuse! Busy? In that case, I’ll just tell my sister that you’re deliberately avoiding her,” the man in the kitchen deliberately threatened. 
Knock, knock, knock… Out of the blue, the sound of someone knocking on the door rang out. 
“How dare you tell someone else about my whereabouts, Jaden Ford!” Caiden glowered at him sternly.
He hated being disrupted, so he didn’t tell anyone his address. 
“No, I didn’t!” Jaden denied it at once, but who else could it be other than him? 
“I don’t care. You’ve got to handle it yourself. Also, forget about the noodles.” As Caiden said that, he went upstairs with his laptop. 
When the person outside heard movement inside, the knocking became all the more urgent. “Who’s there?” Jaden bellowed in displeasure. 
“It’s me, Jaden!” A woman’s voice drifted into the two men’s ears. 
All at once, Caiden sprinted into his room and locked the door. 
“Why are you here?” Jaden, on the other hand, quickly opened the door. 
“What were the two of you doing that it took you so long to open the door? Wow, it smells good in here! You’re the best brother to cook for me upon knowing that I’m coming!” Noelle exclaimed as she sashayed in despite having been griping the previous moment. 
I didn’t cook for her! That’s for the high and mighty Caiden Owens, okay? 
“Hey, stop eating! You’re a girl, so you’ve got to watch your weight…” 
“Why should I do so? I’m not doing that! Oh yes, where’s Caiden? Why don’t I see him?” Noelle promptly asked.
###Chapter 2077
Chapter 2077 
“Uh… Well, he…” Jaden hesitated as he didn’t quite know what to say. 
“Caiden! Are you not home? I’m Noelle! I’m here to visit you!” Noelle shouted at the top of her lungs. 
In the room, Caiden was currently lying on the bed and huddled tightly under the covers. 
Dear God, may she leave quickly! He had both his hands clasped together, and his gaze was earnest. I really can’t afford to cross this girl! After all, something bad always happens every time she’s there! 
He still remembered that he took swimming lessons when he was young. He stood beside the swimming pool for a long time, not daring to go in. In the next moment, Noelle kicked him into the pool, and he almost drowned back then. 
During their schooldays, she always slacked off without completing her homework. When questioned by the teacher, she claimed that her brother tore them up. And the worse thing was, she said that her brother was Caiden Owens! As a result, the teacher went to his house and berated him severely… 
There had been countless bizarre incidents that he never wanted such a thing to transpire again. Even for his return this time, he had considered it for a long time before he finally made up his mind. 
“Caiden!” Noelle lifted her head and screeched in the living room. 
At that, Caiden covered his ears and held his breath, afraid that the slightest movement would get him busted. 
“Caiden Owens, if you don’t come out, I’ll storm upstairs!” Noelle roared unyieldingly.
“Good heavens! What are you doing? Caiden isn’t home, so stop yelling. It’s no use even if you scream yourself hoarse since he can’t possibly appear before you immediately.” Jaden patted her on the shoulder. 
“Where did he go, then?” 
“I don’t know. Who knows where he went when he’s always going and coming as he pleases?” Jaden shrugged as he spoke. 
Hmm? He’s always going out? Don’t tell me he’s dating? That’s unlikely, no? Does he have a girlfriend now? No, that’s impossible! He’s mine, so how could he have possibly been stolen by some other woman? 
“Jaden, answer this honestly. Does Caiden have someone else out there?” Noelle stared at the person before her coldly. 
Pfft! Water spurted out of Jaden’s mouth upon hearing that. 
“Jeez, can you please be more circumspect in your speech? Why did you phrase it as ‘having someone else out there?’ He’s not married, so it’s normal even if he dates,” he hastily clarified. 
“No way! What would become of me if he dates?” Noelle was a tad panicked at that moment. 
Well, what does the matter of him dating or otherwise has to do with her? 
“That’s his freedom, okay? Noelle, tell me how you’ve been these few years. Have you gotten yourself a boyfriend?” Jaden clutched her arm. 
Hah! A boyfriend? I’ve been waiting for Caiden for so many years just so that we can continue where we left off back then when he returns one day. And now, he actually has another woman out there. How dare he?
“No! Argh! I’m so pissed! Why didn’t you tell me when Caiden started dating?” Noelle plopped down onto the sofa huffily, her expression as dark as charcoal. 
Is he really my biological brother when he doesn’t even tell me such an important thing? 
“Gosh, what’s wrong with you? Wait… Noelle, don’t tell me you have feelings for Caiden?” Jaden abruptly turned serious. 
“Are you an idiot, Jaden? I’ve had feelings for him for many years.” Noelle’s voice quivered slightly. 
God, this is bad! This is really bad! What should I do now? Caiden has feelings for that senior of his, so she’s probably going to be hurt. No, I should really make things clear to her. 
“Ah, just forget about it, okay? Caiden already has someone whom he likes, and he has had feelings for her for many years. So, you should just give up,” Jaden advised with a sniffle. 
Instead of waiting around for Caiden to reject Noelle, it’s better for me to tell her beforehand to avoid any awkwardness between them down the road. 
“Who is she? It’s that senior of his, yes?” Noelle asked out of the blue. 
Huh? How does she know about Joan Watts? Jaden eyed her suspiciously.
###Chapter 2078
Chapter 2078 
Has this sister of mine become a bloodhound that she actually managed to sniff that out? 
“I’ve noticed something off about it back when he was in college, and sure enough, it’s that senior of his!” Noelle’s gaze turned vicious. “Eh, but I heard that she’s already married.” 
I couldn’t have made a mistake there. She even has a child now, and her relationship with her husband is very close. I initially thought that Caiden would give up, but never had I expected things to be so complicated. 
“Alright, just leave well enough alone, okay? You know full well the kind of person Caiden is. No one can stop him from doing something he wants to do. Anyway, don’t fret about it. Just go about your own business. As for Caiden, stop having any ideas about him. I’ve reminded you of this, so don’t do anything stupid!” Jaden urged after taking a sip of water. 
No, I’ve got to seek that woman out! I want to find out what exactly she thinks about Caiden! 
“I’m leaving, Jaden.” As Noelle said that, she spun on her heels to leave. 
“Where are you going? It’s late, so hurry up and go home!” 
“That has got nothing to do with you, so just mind your own business!” As Jaden stared at the retreating back, he shook his head and heaved a sigh. 
This sister of mine has something in common with Caiden—once they get something into their heads, they’re unstoppable! No one would be able to change their minds. 
“Has she left?” Caiden queried in a whisper as he poked his head out.
“Yes, she has…” 
“Oh yes, tell Caiden that I’ve been over for a visit when he comes back!” Without warning, Noelle came back. 
At that, Caiden hurriedly closed his room door. Leaning against the wall, he inhaled deeply. 
Damn it, why did she come back? Was she trying to give me a heart attack? 
“I’m leaving, and there’s no need to see me off.” Cutting Jaden off, Noelle then left. 
Gah! She’s a woman, so why do I feel as though she’s even more manly than me? Jaden thumped his head in frustration. 
“Well, she has left, so come down and eat your noodles!” the man downstairs hollered. 
Phew! She has finally left! Upon hearing that, Caiden removed his cap and mask, followed by his jacket. Then, he slowly opened the door and peered around before stepping out cautiously. 
“Your sister is too scary! God, I really can’t take it!” he groused. 
Good heavens! There’s actually someone in this world who can scare him, huh? That’s rather astounding! 
“Help yourself. It’s fresh from the oven.” Jaden placed a bowl of noodles in front of him. 
“Okay, thanks. Aren’t you going to eat as well?” Caiden lifted his head and looked at him seriously. 
After a moment’s hesitation, Jaden hurried over to the living room.
“Actually, the noodles in your bowl are my leftovers…” After saying that, he immediately dashed into his room while chortling away. 
Noelle had always been a woman who was bold and lived with no regrets. She had long since been perturbed about Caiden having feelings for Joan, but she then let it go when Caiden went abroad, and Joan got married. However, she had never expected him to still have designs on Joan now. 
People claim that time can extinguish one’s feelings, especially a crush that has never seen the light of the day. But why hasn’t that shameless guy, Caiden Owens, changed after so long? 
“Why are you so anxious? Here, I’ve gotten it for you. Remember to treat me to a meal next time, okay? I’ve got something to do, so I’ll be leaving first.” 
“Sure, no problem! I’ll definitely treat you to a meal!” Noelle flashed the person a smile. 
Staring at the slip of paper in her hand, she whipped out her cell phone at once and dialed the number without an ounce of hesitation. 
“Hello. Is this Ms. Watts? Joan Watts, I mean,” she asked in a low voice. 
“Hello, Joan speaking. May I know who you are?” Sure enough, it’s her! Noelle’s lips curved into a smirk. 
“Good morning, Ms. Watts. I’m Noelle Ford, Jaden Ford’s sister. There’s something I’d like to ask you, so I wonder if it’s convenient for us to meet.” She was exceedingly polite and gentle as she spoke, not betraying the slightest hint of the true feelings within her. 
After so many years, she was now an expert in schooling her emotions.
###Chapter 2079
Chapter 2079 
Upon hearing Jaden’s name, Joan searched her mind for a moment before she finally recalled him. Since he once helped me, I naturally can’t decline. And this is his sister, so it’s probably fine. 
“Sure. Why don’t you send me the location? I’ll go over right away.” 
The two of them then exchanged some pleasantries before hanging up the phone. Noelle stood rooted to the spot, a chill emanating from her. 
I just want to see what exactly is so good about Joan Watts that Caiden has been thinking about her night and day all these years! 
“I’ll be going out for a while, Ms. Young!” In the living room, Joan pivoted and headed out after saying that. 
When Delilah heard that, her guard abruptly went up. 
“Where are you going, Joan? It’s not quite safe out there nowadays, so try to stay home as much as possible.” 
“It’s okay, so don’t worry, Ms. Young. Gabriella has gone abroad, purportedly to handle some business matters. Thus, she won’t be back for the time being,” Joan replied with a soft chuckle. 
Delilah merely knew that Gabriella had gone abroad recently, but she had no idea why she did so. In that case, we can really enjoy peaceful days henceforth. 
“Alright, then. Have a good time out there, but remember to stay safe.” She then turned around and went back to the kitchen.
She knew that Joan had been cooped up in the house for a long while, so it was indeed time for her to go out for some air. 
Ah, it’s been such a long time since I’ve been out in the open! Joan raised her head to the sky with her eyes closed as she breathed in the fresh air. 
The air in the village is the best! Excitement imbued her. 
She didn’t drive, planning to walk to the entrance of the village and hail a cab instead. 
As she gazed at the flowers and plants around her while walking, she found it all endearing. 
The flowers in Ms. Young’s garden are probably doing well, no? Subsequently, she righted a clump of grass that had been trampled by the roadside. 
Meanwhile, Noelle sat in a corner in a café as she waited for someone with a stack of documents in her hands. 
Indeed, it was information about Joan in the recent years. 
Hah! This woman is really something else. She actually stole her best friend’s husband! At that, Noelle’s eyes glinted with a vicious gleam. Since she already has a husband, why is she still pestering Caiden? Or is it merely one-sided on Caiden’s part? No, I should be too reckless in this matter. It’s better to get to the bottom of it first. 
All of a sudden, an elegantly dressed woman pushed open the door and walked in. Well, she must be Joan Watts, yes? Sure enough, she’s outstanding and stunningly beautiful with a superb figure to boot. It seems that her personality is nice, too. Also, her countenance merely manifests the beauty of time without any flaws. 
“Hello! Over here!” Noelle swiftly waved a hand at Joan.
When Joan spotted her in the corner, she instantly hurried over. 
“Sorry to have kept you waiting,” Joan apologized. 
In truth, she wasn’t late. Rather, it was Noelle who was early. 
“Nice to meet you. I’m Noelle Ford, Jaden’s sister. I’ve heard all about you,” she declared, cutting right to the chase. 
“Nice to meet you. I’m Joan Watts,” Joan answered with a smile. 
She doesn’t look as though she’s a cunning person, but I just don’t understand why she asked me out. 
“Is something the matter that you asked me out today, Ms. Ford?” she asked without beating around the bush. 
She didn’t think that Noelle merely asked her out for a cup of coffee. If that were truly the case, then it would be really dishonest of her. 
“Well, I’m going to get right to the point, then. Jaden, Caiden, and I grew up together, so our relationship is very close. Thus…” At that, Noelle paused for a moment and took a sip of tea while stealing a glance at the woman sitting across from her. 
Hmm? This is strange. Why is there no reaction from her? Shouldn’t she be jealous when I mentioned the three of us growing up together? But why don’t I see a single hint of chagrin in her eyes? Contrarily, there’s a wealth of calmness and curiosity. 
However, Joan merely smiled as she waited for her to finish her utterance. 
“Thus, I like Caiden. Although he has always regarded me as a sister, I’ve been regarding him as a man.” Noelle was extremely blunt in her words.
###Chapter 2080
Chapter 2080 
All at once, puzzlement swamped Joan. What has she liking Caiden has to do with me? If she likes him, she should just pursue him! Or could it be that she asked me out to give her some suggestions? Well, I really hope not. At that thought, she nervously took a sip of coffee. 
Hah! She’s finally nervous! Joan Watts, you’re scared at long last, huh? 
“Um… How would you like me to help you, Ms. Ford?” Joan questioned out of the blue. 
Huh? Noelle was momentarily taken aback at her question. What on earth is going on here? I’m here to declare war, okay? 
“No, I mean… Don’t you have anything to say about that?” 
Joan couldn’t quite get her meaning, so she looked at her dubiously with a hint of curiosity in her eyes. 
“I mean, don’t you have an opinion about that?” Noelle pressed further. 
Hmm? This is really weird. How is it my business whether they date? Why are young people nowadays making relationships so complicated? 
“What kind of reaction are you anticipating from me?” Joan asked in a murmur, for she truly couldn’t figure out the thought processes of the girl before her. 
“Aren’t you angry?” Noelle urged. 
“I’m already married, Ms. Ford. I have a husband and a child, so I naturally don’t pay much attention to other people’s love lives. Besides, Caiden and I are merely schoolmates. I’m very grateful to him for
having saved me, so I’ll definitely help him to the best of my ability if he ever requires my help. As for his love life, I don’t think I should interfere in that. What do you think, Ms. Ford?” 
From what she said, she doesn’t seem to have much interest in Caiden. That’s great! I’m more than happy about that! 
Noelle inwardly rejoiced, feeling very much relieved. 
“I agree. Um… I mainly asked you out today to make your acquaintance…” she murmured awkwardly. 
In all honestly, Joan had already guessed her motive when she mentioned that the three of them grew up together. But I just don’t understand why she would say all that to me when I’m a married woman, thus I can’t possibly have any romantic entanglements with Caiden. 
“Sure. I’m glad to make your acquaintance,” Joan replied smilingly for courtesy’s sake. 
Ah well, never mind. I’ll just keep my questions to myself. Anyway, everyone knows that I’m married, so there’s no need for me to explain anything. 
That was the sum of their conversation, and they both returned home respectively. 
“Did you go out earlier?” Joan saw Larry the moment she stepped into the house. 
“Yup. I went to meet someone,” she replied softly. 
Hmm… Who did she meet? Could it be that junior of hers? Sitting on the sofa, Larry’s brows were creased deeply and his expression dour. 
“It was Jaden’s sister, not that junior of mine,” Joan hastily explained. 
Hearing that, Larry instantly burst into laughter. But why did Jaden Ford’s sister seek her out?
Ever since Caiden and Jaden saved Joan and Nancy, he had scrutinized all the information on them both, so he was extremely familiar with their backgrounds. 
Jaden’s Ford’s sister is bold and feisty, while Joan is gentler in nature. So, why would the two of them get together? 
“Were you acquainted with her previously?” He eyed the woman in front of him skeptically. 
“Nope. I just got acquainted with her today. She suddenly rang me up and said she wanted to consult me about something. Seeing as she’s Jaden’s sister, I went over. It turned out that she’s rather adorable.” Joan snuggled in his arms. 
“Why did you she ask you out?” 
“She said she likes Caiden. I have no idea why she suddenly told me all that since it doesn’t seem to have anything to do with me. What could I have said when dating is a personal matter between them? Speaking of that, it was truly bizarre.” Joan hugged the person in front of her tightly in a bid to steal some warmth from him. 
Goodness, she’s really dense! Why can’t she tell that Caiden Owens has feelings for her? Noelle Ford must have sought her out this time to declare war but swallowed the words she had prepared beforehand upon realizing that she doesn’t have any interest in Caiden Owens. 
Well, well… Caiden Owens is a complication. Since Noelle Ford did that, it’s proof enough that he intends to pester Joan. In that case, I’ve got to be careful. 
“Mom, why isn’t Grandma home yet when it’s already so late?” Lucius suddenly ran out of his room.
###Chapter 2081
Chapter 2081 
“Huh? Ms. Young isn’t back yet?” Joan turned to look at Larry. 
“Goodness, it slipped my mind entirely. Hurry up and give her a call,” Larry urged at once. 
Just after Joan had picked her cell phone up, a crash rang out the next moment. Perchance due to her anxiety, her cell phone slipped to the floor, and the screen cracked. 
“What’s going on? What’s this sense of unease that I simply can’t shake off? It’s as though something bad is imminent,” she muttered. 
“Don’t let your imagination run wild. I’ll call her instead.” Larry made the call right away. 
However, no one answered even after a long time had passed. Lucius then started panicking, and his eyes grew red. 
“Mom, shall we go and have a look at the garden?” he suggested. 
“Sure.” The three of them hurried over to the garden. 
“Ms. Young?” Joan called out, but no reply came from around her. 
“Grandma?” Lucius hollered at the top of his lungs. 
What exactly is going on? The door is open, so why isn’t she here? A trace of fear manifested in Joan’s eyes. Don’t tell me something has happened to her? 
“Grandma!” All of a sudden, Lucius started wailing. “Mom, Grandma is here! Come quickly!”
Upon hearing that, Larry and Joan instantly rushed over, only to be greeted by the sight of Delilah lying on the ground with her eyes closed. 
There was a hint of blood at the corner of her mouth, and she was clutching a flower tightly in both hands. 
“Ms. Young! Wake up, Ms. Young…” Joan shook her body forcefully. 
“Calm down, Joan. We’re going straight to the hospital, so bring Lucius along! Hurry!” As Larry said that, he scooped Delilah up and strode toward the car. 
Thank God, traffic was smooth throughout the drive to the hospital. In the car, Joan grasped Delilah’s petite hand tightly, her eyes shimmering with tears. 
“Mom, what’s wrong with Grandma?” Lucius sobbed. 
In no time, the car came to a stop in front of the hospital. “Doctor! Quick, there’s a patient here who requires immediate treatment!” 
In the flash, doctors and nurses dashed over. 
Outside the emergency room, Joan hovered at the door with her hands tightly clasped together. Meanwhile, Lucius dashed his tears away while sitting on the chair. 
Such an incident has never before happened to Ms. Young, and she has always been in great health. Why did she suddenly pass out today? Is she keeping something from me? 
Click! After an indeterminate time, the light above the emergency room finally went off. 
“Doctor, how is Ms. Young’s condition? Is it serious?” Joan promptly blocked the doctor’s path.
“As her daughter, how could you have been so careless? If she hadn’t received timely treatment, she might not have survived. She’s already up in years, so don’t have her bustling about anymore. She must be worn out every day, yes? You should let her rest well. Remember this—once someone gets up in years, accidents may happen anytime…” the doctor lectured. 
Trembling, Joan listened to every single word out of the doctor’s mouth. 
He’s right. Ms. Young goes to the garden every day. The flowers there require tending, not to mention that there are a lot of them. On top of that, I’ve been staying in the house for the past few days to lie low, so I haven’t been to the garden to help her out… 
She hung her head as intense guilt assailed her. 
“Alright, don’t blame yourself too much. Just have a care in the future, and it’ll be fine. On the whole, Ms. Young is quite fit, so it’s just over-exhaustion.” The doctor then spun around and left. 
In the ward, Ms. Young attempted to open her eyes as she lay on the bed, only to realize that she didn’t even have that much energy. 
“Are you hungry, Ms. Young?” Joan inquired. 
“Huh? Am I still alive? I thought…” All of a sudden, Delilah gave a cough. 
“What are you saying, Grandma? You’re not a hundred years old yet!” Lucius countered. 
“Ah, how I love you, my beloved grandson!” At that exact moment, Larry slipped out and went into the doctor’s office right next door. 
“Doctor, be frank with me. Is there some other problem with Ms. Young’s health?” At his question, the doctor opposite him turned conflicted with discomfiture written all over his face.
“Doctor, we have the right to know about Ms. Young’s condition,” Larry insisted.
###Chapter 2082
Chapter 2082 
“But the patient herself requested to have her medical information kept secret…” 
“This is a matter of life and death!” Larry panicked upon hearing that. 
“Alright, then. To tell you the truth, Ms. Young has been diagnosed with cancer…” 
So, it turns out that Ms. Young is well aware of all this! Distress engulfed Larry when he learned about that. 
“Is there any possibility of treatment and recovery?” he queried in a shaky voice. 
“It can be treated, but Ms. Young herself declined that option.” While speaking of that, the doctor lowered his head. 
Well, as long as there’s hope, treatment is imperative! 
“Actually, she had been here for an examination two days ago. She came alone then. Her cancer is at the early stage, so operation is feasible, but she said it’s a waste of money…” the doctor expounded. 
No wonder he spoke at length at the emergency room door earlier. Under normal circumstances, the doctor would only say a few words after a patient was out of the woods. However, this doctor spoke for close to half an hour. And that was also why he grew suspicious. 
In the ward, Joan and Lucius had their gazes pinned anxiously on Delilah while sitting by the bed. 
“Okay, that’s enough. I’m not dead yet, so why are you two crying?” Delilah forced a smile. 
“Grandma, you really gave us a scare just now,” Lucius murmured.
Joan, on the other hand, knew that Delilah’s condition was definitely nowhere as simple as the doctor had claimed earlier since she looked worse for wear. 
“You’re awake, Ms. Young?” Larry suddenly walked in with slightly red eyes. 
“Eh, why are you here? Ah, the two of you shouldn’t have called him over when you know full well that he has tons of work to do every day,” Delilah groused. 
A wave of anguish surged within Larry, but still, he tried his best to compose himself. 
“Joan, why don’t we go and buy some breakfast for Ms. Young and Lucius? They must be hungry by now.” He patted her on the head lightly. 
“Okay.” In the ward, Lucius and Delilah chatted while laughing. Meanwhile, in the corridor, doctors and nurses were busy going back and forth between the ward and pharmacy with anxious expressions on each of their faces. They were all cautious and serious, afraid of making a single misstep. 
“Larry, what exactly is wrong with Ms. Young?” Joan halted in her tracks as she tugged at the hem of his shirt. 
She has figured it out, after all. Oh well, that’s par for the course with her! 
“She has been diagnosed with cancer, but don’t worry, for it can still be treated. However, she doesn’t want to do so. Thus, you’ve got to convince her…” Larry explained. 
What? How could she have kept such a serious illness from me? And it’s treatable, yet she’s giving up? What on earth is she thinking? Does she really have nothing else left for her in this world? Is she not reluctant to part with Lucius? No, I’ll never allow that to happen! 
“Okay, I’ll do my best to persuade her to accept treatment!” Joan’s eyes shone with determination.
After buying breakfast, they both went back to the ward. 
“Look, Grandma. They’re adorable, aren’t they?” 
“Yup! You’re right, Lucius!” The two people in the ward were chatting happily as though Delilah weren’t sick. 
“Come, come, breakfast is here. Come and have breakfast…” Joan called out. 
She had been standing at the door with Larry for a long time before entering the ward because both their eyes were red-rimmed then. Hence, it was glaringly obvious that they had cried. 
“Mom, Dad, why did you take so long? I’m starving!” Lucius exclaimed cheekily. 
Thereafter, they all gathered together and had breakfast. They engaged in small talk, particularly the weather, so the atmosphere turned a touch awkward. 
After breakfast, Larry drove Lucius to school, leaving Joan and Delilah in the ward. 
“Let’s go and have a stroll in the backyard,” Joan suggested softly. 
“Sure! I’m thinking of taking a look at the flowers in the backyard anyway.” Delilah chortled. 
She simply couldn’t do without the flowers, her mind lingering on them even when she hadn’t seen them for only a day, wondering whether they would wilt or lack water and nutrients…
###Chapter 2083
Chapter 2083 
The sky was blue, and clouds drifted along with the gentle breeze. Amidst the serene surroundings, flowers vied with each other in terms of beauty. On the whole, everything seemed to be thriving. 
Ah, it’s so good to be alive! Delilah heaved a sigh. Alas, I don’t have much time left. 
“Ms. Young.” Joan slowly walked over to her front with a solemn expression. “Why don’t you accept treatment? Just an operation will do,” she pleaded in a quivering voice. 
Huh? How did she know about that? Delilah stared at her dubiously as mystification bubbled within her. 
“What are you talking about, Joan? Look, those flowers are really blooming nicely.” Delilah deliberately changed the subject. 
“Don’t keep me in the dark anymore, Ms. Young. Both Larry and I know about your condition. We’ll stay by your side until you’re healthy again, so please accept treatment. I beg you.” Joan grasped her hands tightly as her eyes stung. 
I can’t lose her! She saved me, and she’s also Lucius’ grandmother! 
“You know what, Joan? It’s not that I don’t want to accept treatment. It’s just that I’m already old, so there’s no need for that. Besides, I’ve already donated the money.” 
“It’s okay, for money isn’t a problem to us. As long as you’re willing to accept treatment, we’ll immediately arrange for an operation. Ms. Young, Lucius is still young, so he can’t lose you.” Joan stared at her earnestly. 
That’s right! Lucius is still young! But what can I do? There’s no more time left for me, so I won’t be able to see him attend college, get married, and have children. I won’t be able to hang on until then.
“Please, Ms. Young, I beg you to accept treatment. Lucius and I need you. In fact, everyone in the village needs you!” 
That remark of hers had Delilah wavering slightly. 
She had been living in that village for decades, so she was naturally reluctant to leave it. 
“Don’t bother. There’s no cure for my illness. It’ll be better to donate the money to those impoverished children in the village who can’t afford to attend school.” She shook her head in resignation. 
She’s such a kind person. Oh God, why did she have to contract such an illness? At that, Joan dipped her head in anguish. 
“Ms. Young, when you’ve recovered, we’ll donate however much you want to donate, okay? But for now, let’s treat your illness first. The doctor has said that you’ll definitely make a full recovery as long as you undergo an operation, coupled with recuperation later,” she then asserted in slight nervousness and anticipation. 
Will I really make a full recovery? But how could one fully recover from cancer? Could it be that she’s merely consoling me? 
“Ms. Young, perhaps you don’t know this after having lived in the village for such a long time, but medical equipment nowadays is very advanced. Thus, you don’t need to worry at all…” 
The two of them chatted in the backyard for a long time. Finally, Delilah relented because she was reluctant to part with this world. 
“I thought the doctor was merely consoling me when he said that my illness could be treated. I didn’t know that there have been cases of success,” Delilah muttered. 
Meanwhile, Joan luxuriated in the fact that she wasn’t at the final stage.
“Ms. Young, no matter what happens in the future, you must tell us. Regardless of how difficult it may be, we’re a family, so we need to face and resolve it together.” 
Lucius had no idea about Delilah’s condition, nor did Joan and Larry plan on telling him. He was still young, after all, so they felt that it was better to keep him in the dark. 
“Mom, when can Grandma be discharged?” Lucius stared at Joan while blinking his eyes in curiosity. 
In reality, he had long since doubted the truth of the matter since Delilah couldn’t possibly be hospitalized for so long if it were merely a paltry illness. 
“You’ve got to be good every day, Lucius. I need to take care of your grandmother in the hospital…” Joan patted him on the head lightly. 
Lucius was very smart, so he hadn’t missed all the things that didn’t add up. Rather, he just didn’t want to bring it up. 
“Then, will Grandma recover?” he asked gingerly. 
“Of course! You’ve got to study hard, for your grandmother will be allowed home the day you get a merit certificate.” 
“Really? That’s great! In that case, I’ll go and study now so that I can get a few more merit certificates!” As Lucius spoke, he skipped back to his room.
###Chapter 2084
Chapter 2084 
“Joan, how’s Ms. Young doing lately?” Larry inquired out of the blue. 
“She’s doing pretty well. She has already agreed to accept treatment, so don’t worry.” 
That was undoubtedly great news to the family. 
The next day, Joan headed to the hospital early in the morning. By then, Larry had already transferred Delilah to a VIP room that was equipped with every amenity. In fact, it resembled a small suite. However, Lucius had been rather emotional recently, so Joan had no choice but to commute between the hospital and home every day. It was now better, for his emotions had stabilized, so she could just stay in the hospital. 
“How’s Lucius, Joan?” Delilah asked weakly. 
“Don’t worry, for he’s doing good. Besides, Larry is there to take care of him.” Joan flashed her a smile. 
Basically, Larry was already home when Lucius’ classes ended. While there was indeed much to be done at the company, someone still needed to take care of the child. 
“Dustin dropped by this morning,” Delilah remarked softly. 
Hmm? Why did he drop by? Tilting her head thoughtfully, Joan plunged into deep contemplation. 
“He said that as long as I cooperate, I’ll definitely make a full recovery.” Undeniably, he’s quite glib. 
“Oh, you’re here, Joan?” The hospital room door was pushed open in the next moment. 
“Um… How did you know about Ms. Young being hospitalized?” Joan looked at him curiously.
“Hey, what did you mean by that? We all live in the same village, so how could I possibly not know when everyone in the supermarket knows about it? You’re talking as though I’m heartless!” Dustin threw her a glance before fiddling with the plastic bag in his hand. 
“Here, Ms. Young. I bought these especially for you. Moving forward, you must have a balanced diet. Remember to eat more fruits and vegetables. Don’t worry about anything else, and rest assured that you’ll definitely make a full recovery. I believe in you.” He then made a fist pump in encouragement. 
As Joan looked on, her lips curved into a smile. 
Sometimes, he’s quite humorous. But I just can’t fathom why he hasn’t gotten a girlfriend when he’s such an outstanding man. Or could it be… No, that’s impossible. In fact, it’s out of the question. How could he possibly still be stuck on me after such a long time? 
In truth, feelings were bizarre. Despite a certain matter appearing impossible to some, it was actually a reality to others. 
“Have breakfast, Joan. I bought your share as well,” Dustin urged with a smile. 
“Thank you.” 
On the hospital bed, Delilah had mixed feelings as she gazed at the two of them. She knew that the person Joan loved was Larry. Yet, the person Dustin loved was Joan. Moreover, she knew that Dustin was surreptitiously helping Joan behind her back. Of course, he was also furtively scheming against Larry. 
“Has the nurse came over?” Dustin queried in concern. 
“No, but she’ll be here shortly. Oh yes, I’ll go and get some hot water. There’s no water dispenser here in the kitchen, so I’ll have Larry bring one over in the afternoon.” As Joan said that, she left the hospital
room with a thermos flask in her hand. 
“Say, why are you so stubborn?” Delilah gazed at Dustin meaningfully. 
Once, I thought he wanted to break Larry and Joan up. But I’m really curious as to why he hasn’t made a move after such a long time, merely keeping watch over Joan silently. 
“What do you mean, Ms. Young?” Dustin chuckled awkwardly. 
“She’s already married and even has a child, so you should give up. Let her go, and let yourself go. Is that not so? Also, I know all about the shares you have in Norton Corporation, so don’t try playing any tricks,” Delilah warned as she pointed a finger at him. 
Indeed, she knew everything, even things Joan had no knowledge of. 
“It looks like you’re quite a formidable character, Ms. Young.” Dustin eyed her while peeling an apple. 
I’m already in my golden years now, so how am I still formidable? It’s just that I’ve seen through a lot of things, so I don’t want the young people around me to repeat the mistakes committed by those before them. 
“You’re a good man, but you’re simply too obstinate at times. Why don’t you find yourself a woman to spend the rest of your life with, like Larry and Joan. Isn’t that good…”
###Chapter 2085
Chapter 2085 
“Ahh!” 
Joan suddenly screamed in fright. 
“Go find out what’s happening,” Delilah quickly instructed. 
Dustin tossed the apple onto the table and dashed out of the ward. 
“What’s wrong? Are you okay? Let me have a look,” he said, blowing onto Joan’s hand. 
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it,” another patient’s family member apologized. 
“Why did you leave while getting water? Don’t you know she’s still here?” Dustin bellowed. 
“It’s fine. It’s not like it was on purpose,” Joan chimed in with a smile. 
That only frustrated Dustin. 
Why does she always have to be so kind? That’s exactly why I can never feel at ease! When will she ever stop making me worry? 
“It hurts, doesn’t it? Come on. I’ll treat it for you.” 
“No!” Joan argued. “Let’s not go in there anymore. I don’t want Ms. Young to find out…” 
Dustin gazed at her and sighed. You keep thinking about others, but why can’t you ever think about yourself? 
The two immediately headed into a doctor’s office.
“Oh! What brings you here, Dr. Silverman? Oh, no. That’s a scald.” The doctor hastily got up. 
“Stop babbling and bring me the ointment!” Dustin ordered. 
The doctor quickly shut her mouth and placed a bottle of ointment in front of Dustin, looking rather aggrieved. 
This lady looks really familiar. The female doctor sized Joan up. 
“It might hurt a little, so bear with it,” Dustin said as he glanced up at Joan. 
“It’s okay. I’ll be fine.” 
With that, Dustin began to rub some of the ointment on the back of her hand. It hurt and itched at the same time. Joan gritted her teeth in pain as the female doctor looked on in slight admiration. 
“Wow, not a single tear or even a sound,” the doctor muttered. 
She looked rather unhappy as she gazed at Dustin and Joan. 
When was this guy ever so gentle? 
“Sigh… I’ve never seen you treat me this way, Dustin,” she said deliberately. 
“Shut it. You’re different,” Dustin replied coldly. 
What does he mean I’m different? I’m a girl too! And this woman clearly isn’t a family member of his. Could it be… she’s the one he likes? 
The female doctor suddenly recalled what she had heard once—that Dustin had a woman whom he never could stop loving or forget about, and he continued to watch over her silently. That was what she had heard from Jory.
The female doctor was friends with both Dustin and Jory, so she was naturally aware of some things. 
“Okay, it’s done. You can head back now, but be careful next time.” Dustin gazed at Joan. 
“Thank you.” Joan swiftly rose to her feet, walked out of the office, and headed to Delilah’s ward. 
“What’s up with that? So, she’s that woman?” the female doctor asked with a slight scowl. The way he disregarded her just a while ago certainly made her upset. 
“Some things don’t need to be said, Flora,” Dustin answered, gazing at her sternly. 
What’s the deal? I was just asking about his love life. What is there to hide? Besides, we’re all adults, so it’s not like I wouldn’t get it. Whether or not they’re an actual couple depends on fate, no? Why does he have to make everything sound so formal? It’s not like I’m dying for an answer! 
“Fine. I have things to do. I don’t need to know what’s up with you as long as you know what you’re doing. I’m not going to worry about you for nothing,” the female doctor remarked frankly. 
In truth, Flora Carlos had secretly been in love with Dustin for the longest time. She had even chosen to delve into the medical field because of him. But after learning that Dustin’s heart already belonged to someone else, she willingly stepped back. 
Even so, the woman continued to pay close attention to him. 
“All right. I’ll be off, then,” Dustin responded, preparing to leave. 
“Hey!” Flora cried out. 
Seriously! This jerk’s leaving without exchanging any pleasantries? We clearly hadn’t met in a while, but he’s not even asking how I’ve been!
###Chapter 2086
Chapter 2086 
“Uhh… Do you have time today? We haven’t seen each other for so long. How about we grab a bite together?” Flora suggested bashfully, keeping her head low. 
“I’m busy today. I have to see Ms. Young.” 
Flora instantly felt hollow upon being rejected so straightforwardly. 
What the hell is with him? Forget it. I’m done. 
“Sure. Go on now. I have work to do.” Flora shoved Dustin right out of her office. 
Arghhhh! He pisses me off! The woman stomped her feet in frustration while staring at the lighthouse outside the window. 
Meanwhile, Dustin collected himself before walking toward Delilah’s ward. 
“What happened? How did you get scalded?” Larry held onto Joan’s arm tightly and blew at her hand. 
“Oh, it’s fine. I’ll be better in no time.” Joan caressed the man’s hair. 
Delilah smiled in satisfaction as she watched them. 
How she wished for them to carry on that way. 
Dustin stood outside watching the entire ordeal. Then, he turned and left. The man didn’t want to see how affectionate Larry and Joan were, or he might end up punching Larry in the face. 
“Oh, where’s Dustin? Didn’t he come looking for you?” Delilah suddenly asked. 
Larry’s gaze instantly turned cold. What is that man doing here?
“What is he here for?” he asked, acting nonchalant. 
“Oh, he knows this hospital pretty well, so he rushed over after hearing about Ms. Young. That was quite thoughtful of him,” Joan explained. 
Who knows what he’s actually up to or if he’s doing this on purpose. Larry sipped his tea. 
“Has Noelle come looking for you recently?” 
“No. Why would she? It’s not like we’re close.” 
“Come on, Joan. You were so popular in school,” Larry said deliberately. 
What does he mean by that? Joan gazed at him, waiting for an explanation. 
“Caiden used to like you,” the man added placidly. 
How is that possible? We barely even spoke to each other back then! 
“Cut that nonsense. Noelle’s going to misunderstand me again if she finds out about this.” Joan glared at Larry. 
This woman… I’m being completely serious here, but she doesn’t believe me. 
“Anyway, do be careful. I’m guessing that many things will start happening—especially when I’m not around…” 
He spoke so sternly that Joan almost took him for his word. 
“All right. Your phone’s ringing. Your assistant probably wants you back.” Joan pointed to the device nearby that couldn’t stop vibrating.
In the backyard, Dustin sat on a stone bench, gazing up at the sky while hugging his own arm. 
“Hello? How’s it going?” 
“Mr. Silverman, we can’t buy any more of Norton Corporation’s shares. The other shareholders refuse to sell their shares, so we can only place second. According to what I’ve heard, those guys are loyal supporters of Larry—” 
What an idiot! He can’t even nail such a simple task! 
Smack! 
Dustin threw his phone onto the ground. 
“Aww, such a fiery temper you have.”A familiar but loathsome voice rang out from nearby. 
Not responding, Dustin continue to stare into the sky. 
“I don’t know what you’re up to, but you’ll never be able to lay a finger on Norton Corporation,” Larry added. 
With a smirk, Dustin slowly got up and walked toward him. 
“Why? Are you scared?” 
He had obtained so many of Norton Corporation’s shares and refused to believe that Larry would remain still or indifferent. 
“I have nothing to fear. The corporate world is a battlefield. There are no feelings involved—only wins and losses.”
The two stood in the hallway, staring each other down frostily as the atmosphere tensed up all of a sudden. 
“Dustin!” Suddenly, Flora’s voice rang out from behind.
###Chapter 2087
Chapter 2087 
Flora rushed up to them and said courteously, “Hello, Mr. Norton. Dr. Lowry is waiting for you to handle the bill.” 
“Thank you.” Larry turned and left. 
“Hey! What are you up to? You’d better not cause a ruckus. This is a hospital!” Flora gave Dustin’s elbow a shove. 
“No, you’ve got it wrong,” Dustin explained. “I wasn’t causing a ruckus. Besides, that punk’s the one who came to me…” 
He was already in a bad mood, but now, it had worsened. 
Still, had Flora not come over in time, the two men could have ended up getting into a real fight. 
“Joan! What a coincidence. What are you doing here?” Caiden appeared surprised, acting as though he and Joan had met by accident. 
Joan was taken aback. Why are we bumping into each other so frequently these days? We work in completely different fields, and we don’t even go to the same places. But for some reason, we keep meeting in certain common venues. It’s so bizarre! 
“What a coincidence, indeed. What are you here for? Are you not feeling well?” Joan asked softly. 
“Yeah. I haven’t been doing too well lately, so I’m here for a check-up.” 
He just returned from abroad, and he doesn’t have any family apart from Jaden. It must be pretty tough on him.
“I see. Let me know if you need any help. I owe you one, anyway.” Joan patted the man on the shoulder like a close buddy. 
“Really?” 
“Of course. As long as I’m able to,” Joan promised, thumping her own chest with confidence. 
Little did she know what Caiden was actually up to. 
You’re going to regret it. Caiden smirked deviously. 
The two exchanged a few more words before parting. 
“What took you so long?” Larry asked as she returned to the ward. 
“Oh, I bumped into Caiden. He’s not feeling well, so he’s here for a check-up.” 
Is this all just a coincidence? He’s not actually up to something, is he? Larry gazed out the window with narrowed eyes, looking rather desolate. 
Delilah knew how he felt, but she chose not to bring it up. 
“How is Lucius, Joan?” she suddenly asked. 
“He’s doing pretty well, Ms. Young. Don’t you worry. Larry takes good care of him every day, right, Larry?” Joan turned to the man by the window. 
Yet, Larry was so absorbed in his own thoughts that he didn’t hear her. 
“Larry!” Joan called out to him. 
“Huh? What is it, Joan?” He hurriedly turned around.
“What were you thinking about? Anyway, it’s time to go. Lucius is almost done with school.” Joan began to feel slightly unhappy. 
Crap! I lost track of time.Larry finally snapped back to reality. 
“Okay. I’ll be off now. Call me if you need anything,” he instructed before running out the door. 
What’s with him? Why does he seem so distracted? A crease appeared between Joan’s brows. 
Is he tired from everything that’s happening at work? 
“All right, now. Don’t overthink it,” said Delilah. 
“Okay,” Joan replied with a smile. “Here. Have some fruits, Ms. Young.” 
Larry spotted Caiden from a short distance right after leaving the hospital. Despite not having met the latter in person before, he had seen photos of him. Similarly, Caiden had also come across Larry’s pictures and understood him well. 
The two were practically rivals. 
“Mr. Norton?” Caiden greeted as he turned his head. 
“Hello,” Larry responded magnanimously. 
He knows who I am, right? Caiden looked up slightly. There’s nothing this guy can’t do—whether it’s in the corporate world or in life. That means he does know about my past. 
“Hi. I’m Joan’s… junior from school. Caiden Owens.” The man extended his right arm right away. 
Larry gazed at the man standing in front of him.
Hmm… He does have a good face and body. A fine man, I must say. It’s just a shame he’s fallen for someone he shouldn’t have.
###Chapter 2088
Chapter 2088 
“I’ve heard about you from Joan. Thank you for saving her.” Larry took Caiden’s hand in response. 
The two men instantly felt the warmth and force from each other’s hands. 
Heh. He’s a pretty strong one! Larry smirked. 
“It’s no problem. It’s just something I should’ve done,” Caiden replied. 
What a joke. She’s MY woman. Any man who’s ever helped her has my gratitude, but this is the first time I’ve ever heard someone say that it’s something he “should’ve done”. 
Yup, he’s no regular guy. 
Should I treat our handshake as a declaration of war? 
“Oh, uhh… I should let you know that I just came back from abroad not too long ago. There are lots of things I haven’t familiarized myself with, so I’ll be asking for Joan’s help quite a bit.” Caiden spoke confidently as though it was only natural that Joan helped him out. 
Larry froze briefly before returning to his usual composed self. He would only appear too petty if he were to look any different. 
“That’s fine. I believe she’ll help you out as a way of returning the favor,” replied Larry. 
Of course she’ll help me—as long as you don’t get in my way, thought Caiden. 
“Caiden! Come on in!” A woman called out from not far off. 
“Oh, your girlfriend’s calling for you.” Larry pointed to a car nearby.
Having looked her up previously, he knew that the woman was Noelle Ford. She had secretly liked Caiden for many years. 
“She’s not my girlfriend,” Caiden responded immediately. 
Larry smirked with a hint of disdain in his eyes. It honestly didn’t matter to him whether or not Noelle was Caiden’s girlfriend. 
“Come on, Caiden! What are you waiting for?” Noelle continued to cry out. 
Caiden turned to glare at her impatiently. 
“You should go. Don’t keep her waiting.” Larry smiled intentionally. 
“Hey, she’s not…” 
Before Caiden could finish, Larry had already left. 
Why does this girl keep showing at the wrong time? How did she even know I was here? Did that punk, Jaden, tell her? 
Suddenly, his phone rang, and it so happened to be Jaden calling. 
“Hey, Caiden… I have to tell you this. My sister’s… gone looking for you. You’d better hide!” Jaden stammered nervously. 
“She’s already found me,” Caiden replied before immediately hanging up. 
On the other side, Jaden froze.
We’re screwed. Someone always gets hurt whenever those two meet. Forget it. I’d better save my energy for when it’s time to console one of them. 
Meanwhile, Larry got into his car and headed straight for the village. Caiden’s face constantly surfaced in his mind as he drove. 
He could tell that Caiden was no ordinary guy; the latter probably had an influential background but was merely hiding it. 
“Hey, Caspian, use some connections and find out Caiden Owen’s real background. The more detailed, the better.” 
“Haven’t I sent you a copy?” 
“I want his real information, not the fake background he used back in school!” With that, Larry hung up. 
Does that mean Caiden has two different backgrounds? Caspian scratched his head. 
Ever since Delilah received her treatment, Joan’s mood improved by the day, and the entire family became filled with hope and determination. 
“You must be tired, Joan. I’m sorry for the trouble,” Delilah said with gratitude. 
“What are you talking about, Ms. Young? Don’t you remember how you used to take care of me every day back when I was recuperating?” Joan smiled. 
She was a sentimental woman, and she certainly knew how to be thankful for what others had done for her. Joan knew that Delilah had a rich past; the latter had merely chosen to forget it. They were both such piteous women, so they naturally understood each other.
###Chapter 2089
Chapter 2089 
“Honestly, Larry isn’t bad. Neither is Dustin. But I can tell that you only see Dustin as a friend, so don’t keep his hopes up,” Delilah remarked out of the blue. 
Why is she suddenly talking about this? Joan blinked in suspicion. 
“Larry and I are married, so we’ll definitely have each other’s backs forever. I’ve never thought about anything else,” Joan replied softly. 
Even so, that didn’t mean others had never thought about it. 
“That’s why you’ll have to make it clear with Dustin,” Delilah insisted. 
Truthfully, none of the men were bad people. But given how much more persistent Dustin was, he might end up doing something extreme. 
Suddenly, a vibration came from the table nearby. 
“It’s your phone,” said Delilah while pointing to it. 
“Hello?” Joan hurriedly answered it. 
“Joan…” What’s wrong? Why does he sound so weak? Is he sick? 
“Can you still talk, Caiden? Where are you now?” 
“I’m at home. Help me, Joan…” Caiden answered, sounding breathless. 
What happened all of a sudden? Joan began to panic. 
Delilah frowned upon seeing how anxious the woman looked.
“It hurts, Joan.” 
Joan’s chest immediately tightened as she began to panic. 
“Are you okay, Joan?” Delilah stared at her with concern. 
“Uhh… Ms. Young, I have to take care of something right now. Call the nurses or Larry if you need anything!” With that, Joan grabbed her purse and dashed out. 
What’s gotten into her all of a sudden? But still, who called her? It looks like it’s something urgent. Delilah clutched her blanket, feeling slightly unhappy. 
She feared that Joan and Larry’s road to happiness wasn’t going to be hindered by just a few minor obstacles. 
After all, life was so unpredictable that no one knew what would happen next. All she could do was to pray for them, but the rest depended on their fate. 
“Please go faster, Sir. I’m in a rush,” Joan urged the cab driver. 
She was worried that Caiden’s life was in danger. If they had met once at the hospital, who knew what could happen next? 
He always looks so healthy. How could he have suddenly gotten sick? Joan shook her head in puzzlement. 
Soon, the vehicle came to a stop. 
“Caiden!” The woman banged on the door, not caring about the neighbors. 
“Open up, Caiden!” she shouted.
“Hey! What’s all the ruckus this early in the morning? I’m trying to get some sleep here!” a neighbor bellowed. 
“Sorry! It’s an emergency. I’m really sorry,” Joan apologized. 
“That doesn’t mean you can bother other residents! That’s illegal!” another neighbor called out from her balcony. 
Hearing the commotion, Caiden slowly got up and walked to his door. 
“Sorry for the trouble.” 
Click! The door opened. 
Joan’s felt relieved as soon as she saw Caiden. 
Thank God he’s okay. I wouldn’t be able to live with it if something happened to him because I was too late! 
“I’m sorry again,” said Joan before heading in. 
The woman on the balcony immediately became so captivated by Caiden’s good looks that she couldn’t hear Joan’s apology at all. 
“Are you feeling better? Does it hurt anywhere?” Joan quickly asked. 
“I’m a little better. I felt so weak just now, so I called you. I’m really sorry for the trouble,” Caiden murmured.
###Chapter 2090
Chapter 2090 
“It’s no trouble at all! I should only be helping you. Come on, I’ll take you to the hospital,” she responded before attempting to help Caiden up. 
“It’s fine. I’ve already gotten a check-up a few days ago. I’ll be okay after taking my medicine. Uhh… Could you help me get it? It’s on the table over there.” Caiden pointed to a table nearby. 
Joan swiftly turned and grabbed the medicine. 
“Have you eaten? I’ll cook you something.” 
That’d be great! Caiden instantly became overjoyed. I didn’t think she’d start cooking for me this soon. It’s going to be an extraordinary meal. 
“In that case, I’m counting on you,” Caiden answered frankly. 
Joan walked right into the kitchen. She opened the refrigerator to find nothing but instant noodles inside there. 
How on earth does he get by? Does he eat nothing but instant noodles? Joan’s gaze turned gloomy in an instant. How could such a charming man like him live such a shabby life? He probably hasn’t had anything to eat yet. 
“What do you feel like eating? I’ll drop by the grocery store and grab some fruits and veggies.” 
Caiden, who was seated on the couch, suddenly felt the urge to live on. We’d be so happy if we were to get married one day. 
“I’d like to have something vegetarian, so more vegetables will do,” he replied blankly.
With that, Joan turned and left. 
Sigh… What am I? A nanny? But still, I guess I’ll consider this my repayment of debt. 
The woman left in such a rush that she forgot her phone, which began to vibrate on the table. 
Half an hour passed, and Caiden couldn’t help but wonder who was calling Joan incessantly. 
Larry? He walked over and glanced at the screen. 
Finally, he picked up the phone. 
“Hello, good morning,” Caiden greeted. 
Upon hearing the unfamiliar yet familiar voice, Larry stilled for a moment. 
Who’s that? Why does he sound familiar? Larry scratched the back of his head while deep in thought. 
“Hello? Can I help you?” Caiden spoke again. 
Didn’t she save my number in her contacts? Larry wondered. 
“Who are you?” he asked directly. 
How forgetful could you be? We just talked a few days ago, and you’ve already forgotten my voice? 
Caiden cleared his throat and put on a serious facade. 
“You must be looking for Joan. She’s gone out to buy some groceries. I’ll get her to call you when she comes back,” he said deliberately. 
Larry suddenly felt like he was about to lose his mind.
He couldn’t quite believe what Caiden was telling him. 
Joan dropped by his place? Why is she cooking for him? And why didn’t she tell me where she was going? 
Larry couldn’t help but feel that something wasn’t right. 
“Who are you?” he asked cautiously. 
Caiden huffed with disdain. 
“I’m Caiden Owens. Sorry, but I have something to take care of, so I’m hanging up. I’ll get Joan to…” 
It’s him again! Larry’s gaze turned frosty. I knew he’s no ordinary guy. He’s starting to make his move. And that woman’s still acting like everything’s fine! 
Caiden sat on the couch in the living room for a long time, casually flipping through a magazine. Meanwhile, Joan was exhausted from shopping for groceries. The woman didn’t know why she was buying so many groceries, but since she was already at the supermarket, she figured she would buy as many items as possible. 
Thump! 
“I’m back,” Joan called out as she returned. 
“Goodness, Joan. Why did you buy so much stuff? It’s not like I’d be able to finish everything.” Caiden was visibly surprised. 
No one else apart from Jaden had ever gotten him groceries along with some other necessities. Caiden felt warm and fuzzy on the inside as he watched the sight before him.
###Chapter 2091
Chapter 2091 
How he wished life could go on this way, with the two of them supporting each other and living together in harmony. Caiden loved the feeling of living a peaceful and stable life. 
He just wasn’t sure if he would be lucky enough to marry her. 
“What do you feel like eating, Caiden? I’ll cook for you,” Joan called out as she approached the kitchen. 
“Anything’s fine. I’ll have whatever you make,” Caiden quickly replied. 
Uhh… What kind of answer is that? How would I know what he likes or doesn’t like? 
Forget it. I’ll just whip up a few common dishes. Joan picked up her knife and got to work. 
“By the way, Joan, Larry called you a while ago. Do you want to call him back?” Caiden remarked, acting nonchalantly as he flipped through the magazine again. 
Joan suddenly froze. 
Oh, no. Larry’s going to lose it if he finds out I’m at another man’s place and even cooking for him! What should I do? Should I call him and explain myself? 
She looked at the time and realized that it was getting late. 
Never mind. I’ll just get this over with for now and talk to Larry when I get home. 
As Joan kept herself busy in the kitchen, her phone on the table began ringing once again. This time, Caiden chose to ignore it. He didn’t have to look at it to know that it was Larry calling. He wanted Larry to misunderstand the situation, and it would be even better if the couple ended up leaving each other.
Soon, the dining table was filled with an array of dishes. Caiden was pleased by the unknown yet familiar scents coming from the food. 
“Come, Joan. Let’s eat together,” he offered happily. 
“Oh, uhh… It’s fine, Caiden. I have to go now. You know Ms. Young’s still at the hospital, so I’ll have to prepare her food. Your food’s ready. I don’t know if you’ll like it, but give it a try. See you!” With that, Joan took her purse and phone before rushing out. 
“Hey! Joan! You haven’t eaten either! You’ll be hungry…” Caiden called out from behind. 
Ms. Young? Yeah, right! You’re off to see Larry, aren’t you? Caiden’s brows furrowed. 
There’s so much food. How am I going to finish everything? The man put down his fork and spaced out while staring at the ceiling. 
In truth, he was a great cook who could probably whip up better food than the dishes laid out on his table. It was just that he didn’t usually cook, and that he really wanted to try Joan’s cooking. 
Joan swiftly hailed a cab and headed to the hospital. 
Panting, she barged into the ward and sighed with relief upon seeing Delilah. 
“What’s wrong, Joan? What’s the rush? Did something happen?” Delilah gazed at her curiously. 
A man stood by the window, looking cold and displeased. 
Joan knew that Larry was mad. 
She also knew that she shouldn’t have done what she did without letting him know.
“Where did you go?” Larry slowly turned around. 
Joan began to wonder if she should tell him the truth. If I tell him the truth, he’ll definitely be mad. But if I don’t, he won’t be happy either! 
This is… such a tough situation. 
“Hey, Joan, what are you thinking about? Larry’s asking you a question,” Delilah reminded. 
“Oh, uhh… My friend wasn’t feeling too well, so I dropped by for a visit,” Joan answered sheepishly. 
“Which friend?” That was certainly a question worth pondering over. 
“Nancy. Yeah! She’s been feeling sick lately, so I went to look after her for a while,” Joan blurted. 
She’s lying! She obviously went to Caiden’s place. Why is she trying to cover it up? Larry became increasingly perplexed as he stood before Joan.
###Chapter 2092
Chapter 2092 
What is she afraid of? Why would she have to lie if nothing actually happened between them? 
“Joan.” The atmosphere tensed up as Larry walked toward her. 
Does he already know? Joan glanced at him anxiously, trying to avoid his gaze. 
“I have things to deal with at work, so I’ll be leaving now. I’ll leave Ms. Young to you.” The man left right after saying that. 
Joan immediately breathed a sigh of relief. 
Delilah watched the entire ordeal, clearly aware that Joan had lied. 
Silly girl. You’re such a bad liar, but you chose to lie right at Larry’s face. It’s no wonder he’s mad! 
“Did you really drop by Nancy’s place?” asked Delilah while drinking some milk. 
“Huh? Yeah, I just got back from there,” Joan responded diffidently. 
“Seriously… Why aren’t you telling the truth?” Delilah shook her head. 
Joan felt awkward. That’s because I don’t want him to misunderstand me! But how did she know I was lying? 
“You knew, Ms. Young?” Joan gazed at her, full of curiosity. 
“Of course. Do you have any idea how many times Larry called you? He was so worried, and yet you still lied to him after coming back here. You went to Caiden’s place, didn’t you?” Delilah looked out the window in a slight daze.
Despite seeing Joan as her own daughter, the older woman spared no effort in pointing out anything she didn’t agree with. 
So he does know. He just chose not to talk about it. Joan felt a little upset. Then, why didn’t he ask me about it instead? He wasn’t like this before. 
“Well, if Larry didn’t bring it up, that means he still trusts you. Don’t overthink, but don’t do something like that again either. And what’s going on with Caiden, anyway? Why would he get you to cook for him…” 
Delilah asked so many questions that Joan didn’t know where to begin. Even so, there was no denying that Joan was alive because Caiden had saved her. Otherwise, she would have been dead by now. 
“Okay, Ms. Young, are you hungry? Let me cook something for you.” The woman walked straight into the kitchen. 
Delilah wasn’t too pleased with her response, but she understood why the latter was behaving this way. Well, there are some things I don’t have to know–as long as she does. I’m sure she’s smart enough to make the right decisions. 
Meanwhile, Lucius got along well with his classmates in school. Every child had dazzling smiles on their faces. 
“Is everyone here?” asked the principal. 
“Yes!” the students responded. 
“I have good news for everyone. We’ll be having a field trip, and your parents will be coming along. It’s going to be a camping trip…” The principal announced excitedly. “Isn’t that great, children?”
Every teacher and student looked forward to such an event, and so did a large majority of parents. Many parents had requested this as it was a great way for them to bond with their children. 
Yet, Lucius wasn’t too happy. 
It wasn’t that he didn’t want to take part in the field trip; it was just that Larry had always been busy with work while Joan had to look after Delilah. There was no way they could make time for such the boy’s school activities. 
“What’s wrong, Lucius?” the homeroom teacher asked gently. 
“I don’t think I’ll be able to join the camping trip,” Lucius explained. 
The teacher felt stumped. It hadn’t been easy trying to organize such a trip; how could anyone pass up on it just like that? 
“How about this? I’ll give your mother a call and talk to her about this, okay?” The teacher caressed the boy’s head.
###Chapter 2093
Chapter 2093 
Without hesitation, the homeroom teacher dialed the number on the phone. 
“Hi, may I speak to Lucius’ mother, please? I’m his homeroom teacher. I’m calling to inform you that the school is holding an event…” 
Joan, who was answering the call in the hospital ward, felt equal parts awkward and troubled. 
It was not that she did not want to participate in the field trip, but it was just not plausible for her to do so. Delilah was in the hospital at the moment. Joan could not possibly leave her side. 
“I’m sorry, teacher. I’m tied up with something urgent at the moment. I don’t think we can go this time. Maybe the next one?” 
In a split second, the homeroom teacher got worked up. “Look, as Lucius’ teacher, it’s my duty to inform you that the school has gone through painstaking efforts to set up this field trip. I sincerely advise you to attend. After all, nothing should be more important than your child’s education…” 
This is the first and hopefully the last parent who would say no to a field trip with their children! The homeroom teacher shook her head as she stared at the screen. 
“What’s the matter, Joan? Are you tired? Take a rest,” Delilah said to Joan, who seemed troubled. 
“No… It’s Lucius’ school. They’re having some sort of field trip. Parents are required to attend. But I just don’t have the time! And Larry… he’s busy too!” Joan said, feeling dejected. 
“It’s alright. You two should go. Ask Larry if he has time. If not, never mind,” Delilah murmured.
“You don’t have to worry about me. I’ll be fine. I have a nurse, remember? Don’t you worry for nothing.” Delilah waved her hand. 
That was what Delilah said, and it was certainly sound advice, but Joan just could not accept it. Delilah would undergo her surgery soon. Joan could not let herself relax in the slightest. 
“Oh, come off it. You should get packing, take some time off, call Larry, attend that field trip, or whatever they call it.” 
Delilah, that considerate old woman, certainly thought of everything. Sometimes, Joan really admired that woman. She had to admit, Delilah was exceptionally clear-headed for someone her age. 
In the office, Larry was immersed in his work as he tended to the documents. He only turned away when the phone he had set beside him began to vibrate. 
“Larry, there’s a field trip coming up at Lucius’ school. The student’s parents are required to come. Can you make it?” Joan asked lightly. 
Her greatest fear was that Larry was still mad at her and that he might turn her down because of it. She knew that Lucius had been looking forward to the field trip. 
But… never mind. It’s fine if he can’t go. 
“Oh, sure. When is it? Can you send me the time and venue?” Larry asked, and hung up soon after. 
He’s busy, isn’t he? Looking at the text on the phone screen, Joan broke into a faint smile. 
She hung up the phone and called Lucius’ homeroom teacher next, to confirm that the three of them would be going together. 
Lucius was quite surprised to hear that.
“Teacher, is that true? Are my Mom and Dad really willing to come with me?” Lucius blinked, somewhat doubtful of it all. 
“Of course it is, so you have to be a good boy, alright?” The class teacher smiled at him. 
But no one could have foreseen what would happen that day, especially not Lucius. He would not have thought that his father would be replaced by someone else. 
“Lucius, that kid… He tends to overthink, you know? As time passes, he’ll just become more sensitive, so you ought to spend more time with him. Talk to him…” Delilah muttered. 
Joan knew very well that most kids who grew up craving love tended to be like that, especially a childlike Lucius who had been abandoned by his parents at a young age. 
In fact, Joan did not expect that Larry would agree to attending the field trip so easily. After all, the couple had their fair share of disputes, and Joan had not exactly explained to Larry why she had gone to Caiden’s house.
###Chapter 2094
Chapter 2094 
“Mom, is Dad really coming?” Lucius doubted. 
For so long, he had been well aware that Larry often seemed tired when he returned home. It could be the workload weighing him down, so the boy did not want to take up his time. 
“Don’t worry. Your father says he will, and he keeps his promises.” Joan patted Lucius on the shoulder. 
But the boy would rather Larry sleep in… 
Days passed, and soon the day for camping had arrived. Joan gave her instructions to the doctors and nurses in the hospital before she left the place feeling a little relieved. At the same time, Larry was anxiously reviewing documents in his office. 
It was certainly a coincidence that, just when he was almost done with work, someone had to throw a monkey wrench into his plans. 
“Mr. Norton, there’s a call for you.” His assistant quickly passed him the phone. 
“Good day, Mr. Norton. It’s like this. We have decided to withdraw the partnership with your company…” The other party’s voice was quite firm, as though all countermeasures had been thought out. 
Why the sudden withdrawal? A fit of anger rose within Larry. He did not understand it. What have I done wrong? Is there anything about the procedures that you aren’t satisfied with? I thought we’ve had an agreement! Why, of all times, just when the contract’s about to be signed, have you decided to back out?
“Mr. Lancaster, we’re about to sign the contract. It just doesn’t seem appropriate for you to tell me something like that. You’ve actively sought partnership with us, haven’t you? And we willingly agreed, because of your company’s credibility…” Larry dished out his discontent. 
He had to admit, he certainly had high hopes for that foreign company in particular. It posed great potential, and he had wanted to work with an enterprise like that. So when the director of the company came to him about extending the partnership, he felt like he had hit the jackpot. Perhaps, in hindsight, he got hit on the head too hard. 
“Mr. Norton, please don’t take it up with me. It’s our boss. All of a sudden, he gave me an order, telling me to call off the partnership with your company. I’m just following orders, sir. It’s not my decision to make,” said the other party. 
“But, you’re welcome to come and talk it over with our boss. It’s still possible to turn this around. The boss seemed to be hesitating when he told me about it,” the director added. 
Go abroad to talk it over? Again? Larry was not pleased at all. What about Lucius’ field trip? I’ve promised Joan I’ll go camping with them. But… this project… I can’t pass this up! 
“Mr. Norton, what do you want me to do? Shall I book a plane ticket for you?” His assistant looked on anxiously, pending his answer. 
This was a big project. It would be a shame if Larry gave it all up. 
Larry crossed the room to stand in front of the window. He squinted as he took in the view outside. It was all rather sad. Why is everything happening at the same time? 
“Yes, please do that,” Larry said faintly. 
“Mom, come on!” At school, Lucius shouted.
“Oh, my dear baby boy. Slow down, will you?” came the response. 
“Mom, why isn’t Dad here yet?” Lucius stared at the road a short distance away, expecting Larry’s car to appear anytime soon. 
They waited long enough, but Larry failed to show up. 
“Dad’s not coming, is he?” Lucius sounded disappointed. 
At the same time, Larry was in a car heading towards the airport. The director had specifically told him that their boss would be leaving tomorrow, so he only had one day’s time to negotiate on the project. 
Bored by the scenery outside the window, Larry checked his watch. By the time he took out his phone, he realized it had been switched off. 
With no way of calling Joan to inform her of his last-minute situation, he was quickly overcome by anxiety. 
“Is everybody ready? Parents, students, can I see a show of hands?” the principal shouted on the platform with a loudspeaker in hand. 
“All here!” echoed the crowd. 
Lucius was the only one hanging his head in silence. Joan could not bear to see the sad look on the kid’s face. She fished out her phone and made a call.
###Chapter 2095
Chapter 2095 
“Sorry, the number you have dialed is unavailable…” 
It was the same message, over and over again. 
Larry! Where the hell are you at a time like this? You should be here by now! And now you’re not even answering the phone! Joan stomped her feet in fury. 
“What is it, Joan?” Suddenly, Caiden appeared before her. 
Why is he here? How odd. 
“Nothing. It’s just… Lucius and I are waiting for someone…” Joan smiled faintly. 
You’re waiting for that scumbag Larry, aren’t you? I’m afraid he’s at the airport right now. Caiden sneered. 
“Next, let’s welcome Mr. Caiden Owens, the sponsor of this event, to come up and say a few words,” the headmaster called out. 
The crowd gave a round of applause. 
You’re the sponsor? Joan looked at him in confusion. She found the turn of events somewhat inconceivable. 
Caiden merely put on a smile and made his way onto the platform. 
“Oh, my. He’s quite handsome! And so young too!” 
“How true. But it’s not meant to be. We’re already married.”
“Oh, come off it! I’m telling you, he’s a self-made tycoon. He built his empire from scratch…” 
Nearby, some women gossiped among themselves. 
Joan had never checked on Caiden’s history and background, for she had been sure that the two of them would not meet again. Right then, it seemed she had made a formidable… friend. Whether he was friend or foe remained to be determined. 
“Dear parents, teachers, and students, good day, and nice to meet you all. I’m Caiden Owens…” 
He delivered his speech in such a calm and collected manner. It seemed that he was not a stranger to an event like the one they were having. Joan listened intently to his speech. 
“Oh, Mr. Caiden. My husband’s on urgent business. He couldn’t make it. Could you perhaps join us on our camping trip?” 
“Oh, dear. Mine too…” 
After Caiden was done with his speech, the site was filled with lively commotion. 
Standing on the platform, he searched for Joan, and when he found his target, a mischievous smirk curled up his lips. 
“I must apologize, ladies. I’m already representing a student’s father on this camping trip. I really do beg your pardon. Perhaps, another time…” 
The crowd went crazy. 
“Who can it be? I didn’t see him with a child just now, did you?” 
“That’s what I thought. And a handsome man, too. What a shame.”
Caiden gradually stepped down from the platform and made his way to Joan. Confidently, he shrugged his shoulders before he sought out Lucius. 
“Would you like me to participate in this camping trip on behalf of your father?” Caiden held the child’s hand. 
Lucius looked at Caiden, then at Joan, and then surveyed his classmates around him. He felt conflicted. 
Children had their dignity to preserve too. Every child would have wanted their parents to come with them on the field trip. Lucius had been looking forward to it too, but Larry failed to deliver. 
“Mom?” Lucius tugged her arm, looking despondent. 
Joan stared at Caiden in front of them, feeling equal parts surprised and guilty. She herself also wondered whether Larry would come or not. 
The man neither answered her calls nor replied to her messages. The field trip was about to begin. If she rejected Caiden, and the event started without Larry or he ended up not coming at all, it would only make Lucius feel worse. 
“Caiden, do you mind if I make a call?” Joan asked. 
She decided to give him one final call. If Larry did not pick this up, she would agree to Caiden’s proposal, and the three of them would attend the field trip together. 
“Of course not, Joan. I’ll support whatever you do.” Caiden slowly stood up. 
He was well aware that she would surely call Larry, just as he was well aware that Larry would definitely not answer the phone.
“Okay, Lucius. You wait over here with Caiden, alright? I have to make a phone call. Be right back,” Joan told her son before she headed to a nearby fence and dialed Larry’s number.
###Chapter 2096
Chapter 2096 
“Sorry, the number you have dialed is unavailable…” Not surprisingly, Larry’s phone was still unreachable. No matter how many times she tried to call him, nothing had changed. 
What are you so busy with anyway? You’ve promised that you’d attend this camping trip with Lucius and me! Now, look at you. Going back on your word like this and not even giving me a heads up. What the hell is going on with you, Larry? 
Joan was indeed furious. Everything about her screamed of rage. 
This was the first time Larry broke his promise to her. It was also the first time she was disappointed in him. 
Joan lost count of how many phone calls she had made and yet none of those were picked up. Frustrated, she switched off her phone as well and returned to where her son had been waiting for her. 
“Lucius, listen. Your dad’s dealing with an urgent business right now, so he won’t be coming so soon. What do you say we let Caiden take his place in the meantime, huh?” Joan gently stroked her son’s hair as she delivered the bad news. 
Sure enough, she could see a tinge of disappointment in his eyes. 
“But Dad promised. How could he just break his word like that? Dad’s never like this before,” Lucius uttered sadly. 
Yes, that much was true. Larry was never like this before. But on that day, Joan could only wonder what had happened for Larry to bail on them like that.
“That’s alright, Lucius. You have me. I’ll join you on this field trip, alright?” Caiden held the boy’s hand tightly in an attempt to comfort him. 
“Caiden, won’t we get in the way of your work?” Lucius lifted his head slightly and asked the man in all seriousness. 
Larry was a sensible child and never liked to trouble anyone. He would not even request his adopted parents, Larry and Joan, for anything unless absolutely necessary. 
“Of course not. As long as you need me, Lucius, I can come anytime.” Caiden gently patted the kid’s shoulder. 
What’s that supposed to mean? If I remember it right, I don’t think Caiden has met Lucius that many times. The way he talks to Lucius though, why does it sound so weird? Joan tilted her head as she sank into her thoughts. 
Could the two of them be involved in something I don’t know about? 
“Hey, Joan?” Caiden snapped his fingers in front of her. 
“Ah? Um, what’s up?” Joan returned to her senses. 
“Oh, nothing. You were staring off into space just now. Come on, the others have left without us,” Caiden pointed to a group of people not far away. 
“Okay then. We should go too. Here, Lucius, take my hand,” Joan smiled. 
The few women in front kept stealing glances at Caiden who was walking behind them. They mumbled among themselves. Lucius held onto Joan with one hand and Caiden with the other. The trio of them seemed happy together. It was not wrong to say they were a picture of a perfect family.
“Caiden, thanks for accompanying me on the field trip today,” Lucius muttered out of the blue. 
“There we go, Lucius. Whenever you need my help, all you have to do is ask.” Caiden smiled at the boy. 
“Alright, everyone, try to keep up. We’re almost there!” The headmaster shouted at the lot from the front of the line. 
The children were a happy bunch, and the parents were just as excited. Perhaps they had all been waiting for this day since forever. 
But no one knew that Caiden had deliberately arranged everything. He just wanted everyone to know that his relationship with Joan was not an ordinary one, even if meant he might be misunderstood by the majority. 
“Caiden, why do you sponsor our school?” Lucius asked, all of a sudden. 
It was actually a rather common and simple question for a child his age. When children got curious about something in particular, they tend to say what was on their minds without putting in much thought. But Caiden interpreted it differently and even doubted the boy’s motive. 
“Well… that’s because I used to be a student here,” Caiden made up a lie. 
That was not possible, of course. It had barely been ten years since the school was founded. He could not have studied there. But Lucius and Joan did not know about that. 
“Wow, that’s wonderful, Caiden! Awesome! When I grow up, I want to be just like you and sponsor our school. What do you think, Mom?” Lucius tugged on Joan’s arm.
###Chapter 2097
Chapter 2097 
The whole time, Joan was completely lost in her thoughts. She kept wondering about the reasons why Larry did not answer her calls and whatever he might be doing now. Could he have forgotten about the field trip? 
“Mom?” Lucius tugged on his mother again, a little forcefully this time. 
“Ah? Yes, dear?” Joan said. 
Oh, come on! Mom’s not even paying attention to me! Lucius hung his head low. 
“Joan, Lucius says he wants to sponsor the school when he grows up.” Sensing the awkwardness between the mother and son, Caiden casually smoothed the matter over. 
Thank goodness you’re here, Caiden. Joan grinned. 
“That’s wonderful, Lucius. I’ll always support you.” Joan solemnly observed the boy in front of her. 
He was still a kid, after all. As long as he had support, Lucius would get all excited, especially with Joan and Larry’s encouragement. 
“Yes, Mom. You think so too, don’t you? Caiden’s really awesome…” Lucius exclaimed. 
Caiden, who was listening from the side, could not believe his ears. 
What an innocent and kind little boy! Perhaps this is how children from the villages turn out to be. Simple and modest, with none of the pretense usually found in city kids. Gosh, I think I’m starting to like this kid. Maybe, he’ll be able to help me out later on!
Soon, the teachers, the students, along with their parents arrived at the great outdoors. It did not look particularly dangerous in any way, just a lot more bushes and shrubs. Under normal circumstances, children were most afraid of the wild and unfamiliar, but they felt more courageous with their parents around, and so they were actively willing to take on any task. 
As it got darker, the headmaster motioned for them to stop. They had arrived at the site where they would set up camp. They were relieved and put down their belongings. 
“Alright, take a break, everyone. Let’s get down to cooking,” the headmaster bellowed excitedly. 
All the kids cheered. Lighting a fire and cooking in a place like that seemed like a very dangerous thing to do, but everyone worked together and managed to pull it off. 
“Come, everyone. Sit down and have a chat. Parents, can you share with us how your children are doing so far? Maybe talk about their dreams and plans for the future?” said the homeroom teacher, hoping to start a conversation. 
In less than five minutes, all students and their parents had gathered. Lucius stuck close to Joan and Caiden. He was certainly an obedient child. 
The homeroom teacher began, “Let me just say that there are some children who have been performing exceptionally well in school. They do an excellent job with their homework, and they get along very well with their classmates. Here, I’d like to commend them.” 
The children straightened their backs as they listened to her. Lucius was also looking ahead expectantly, awaiting his teacher’s revelation. 
“There is one student in particular I’d like to specially draw attention to. His name is Lucius. As every student here knows, he is the most hospitable one in class, and very hardworking as well. So, I’d like to
invite Lucius’ mother to say a few words,” the teacher announced. 
There was a round of applause. The parents were excited, most likely because Caiden was sitting next to the child. Who can resist someone like Caiden? He has the sophistication of a scholar! 
“Come, now. Tell us, how do you look after Lucius at home?” The homeroom teacher threw a question at Joan. 
How shall I put it? Larry was the one, not her, who had been watching Lucius nowadays. Hence, she was not familiar with whatever was going on with Lucius lately. 
She spent all day in the hospital taking care of Ms. Young, so much so that she barely asked about Lucius’ performance in school. 
“First and foremost, I apologize. There’s a lot going on at home at the moment, so I’ve been neglecting him a bit. His father’s been looking after him. I know, he’s my responsibility. But actually, Lucius has always been a smart kid…” Joan spoke in a low voice.
###Chapter 2098
Chapter 2098 
She spoke of Lucius’ home life with passion and in detail. 
She might not have participated in his past but, ever since adopting him, she remembered very clearly every single moment they spent together. She recalled the way he did his homework, and when he helped Ms. Young water her plants, helped Joan herself with the housework, laundry, among other chores. 
Sometimes, after she ended her shift at the supermarket and was so exhausted that she collapsed on the sofa once she got home, Lucius would come over and massage her shoulders and back. 
The parents around her listened very intently to her story. Even Caiden found himself attracted to Joan’s tone and expressions. 
“There you go. That’s our boy, Lucius. I’m always thankful to the heavens for granting me such a wonderful child…” As her tale came to an end, a round of applause filled the air. 
“Lucius really is a good kid…” 
“I say, we really ought to learn from his mother…” 
“I do agree. Look at him. He must have inherited good genes, with such a handsome father and a good-looking mother. Both of them are so educated, well-mannered, and seem to have great parenting skills. No wonder Lucius turns out so fine…” 
“Nonsense! Mr. Caiden’s not the father. He’s just attending the field trip on behalf of Lucius’ real father.” Another woman gently shoved the one in front of her for making the wrong assumption. 
“Oh, my goodness! I’ve got it all wrong. I didn’t know.”
“Don’t worry about it. Next, let’s have Mr. Owens say a few words too, shall we?” The homeroom teacher arranged for the next speaker. 
Caiden raised his head slightly and smiled at the group. He did not come prepared with a speech. He merely believed that no matter who the children lived with or where they stayed, happiness should take priority. 
“Lucius, tell me. Are you happy?” Caiden patted the child on the back. 
Lucius was stunned for a moment as he glanced at the man, and then quickly composed himself. 
“Yes. I’m very happy,” Lucius answered without missing a beat. 
Caiden turned away to look at the adults at the campsite. 
“It’s just like what Lucius said. As long as he’s happy, that’s more than enough. To the children, it doesn’t matter who attended the field trip with them, whether it be their parents or other relatives. And it doesn’t matter how the trip starts and when it’ll end. As long as they’re happy, I suppose we’ve achieved our goal…” 
A round of applause came from the crowd before Caiden even finished. 
Although the field trip was a product of Caiden’s selfish intentions, he truly meant what he said. 
In the past, he did not like kids very much. In fact, one might even say that he hated them, absolutely abhorred them, because he thought of children as a menace. They would cry and cause trouble for no reason at all. And then it would be the parents or teachers who would have to clean up their mess. Now that he thought about it, it was exactly those experiences that allowed the children to gradually learn and grow into the adults they would one day become. Moreover, that was how he himself came to be. What excuse did he have to feel disdain or contempt towards them?
“So, please, I implore you. Take good care of your children, especially when it comes to morals. You’ll always be your child’s first teacher…” 
He spoke in a formal manner, his delivery no different from that of the headmaster, and with the air of a wise scholar. 
“As expected of a college graduate! He’s so classy even when he speaks!” 
“Yes, he’s brilliant…” 
Some parents, filled with admiration and envy, had begun to talk about Caiden among themselves. 
The so-called “chat” went on for some more time after that. It was only over after the headmaster gave his final statement. 
“Alright, everyone! Bear in mind, safety first. Every family gets a tent. Students, you’ll be helping your parents to set them up…” 
It was then that Joan had an epiphany. Oh my gosh! One tent? How are we supposed to sleep? Sharing a tent with Lucius is fine, of course, but Caiden? Why, if that gets out, we’ll be the talk of the town!
###Chapter 2099
Chapter 2099 
“Um, Caiden…” Joan approached him. 
“You two can sleep in the tent. I’ll stay out here.” 
Caiden’s statement surprised Joan. She never thought he would say something like that. 
“Mom, are we really leaving Caiden outside?” Lucius asked Joan. 
Indeed, in the wild, there would be an awful lot of bugs. Even if Joan really wanted to get some sleep, she doubted the bugs would let her. Joan was a little concerned about Caiden, but she threw her worries out the window at the thought of Larry. Caiden would just have to put up with the long night. 
“Very well then.” Joan glanced at the man, her guilty conscience getting in the way of her judgment. 
Caiden knew that would happen, but instead of waiting for her to say it, it would be better if he brought it up himself. It might even give her a good impression of him. 
“Mom, why don’t we let Caiden get in the tent too? It’s going to be windy and cold at night, with mosquitoes and other bugs,” Lucius was practically pleading. 
Children had a lot less to consider. Lucius simply did not want Caiden to get hurt or stung because of him, or he would feel guilty. He did not think about the stuff that happened between adults. 
Joan looked from Lucius to Caiden. Conflict was eating her up inside. 
“Lucius, he’s not your father. He can’t sleep with us.” Joan stroked his head. 
But he attended the field trip in Dad’s place, didn’t he? The boy had a displeased look on his face.
“But Mom, I don’t want anything to happen to Caiden because of this.” Lucius lowered his head. 
Joan did not like seeing Lucius like that. Perhaps, she could call Larry and inform him about things, so that if news about it got out, at least he was kept in the loop. And so, Joan fished out her phone and called Larry. 
Unfortunately, Larry’s phone remained unreachable. 
Joan was beyond infuriated. 
It’s been a whole day, Larry! What is up with you? Does this family even mean anything to you? Fury flashed across her gaze. 
“Fine, Caiden. Get in here,” Joan called out to him. 
She was probably so upset about it that she commanded without much hesitation. When Caiden, who was still lingering outside, heard Joan, he obviously wanted to know what made her change her mind, while a mischievous grin crept up his lips. 
“What is it?” Caiden said, almost a whisper. 
Joan recalled how rude she had been a while ago and intended to apologize to Caiden when Lucius beat her to it. 
“Caiden, Mom says you can come into the tent. Come on, hurry up,” said the boy. 
Joan was rendered speechless and resigned by her son’s urgency. 
Whatever. It’s just one night. Lucius will be sleeping between us anyway. Nothing’s going to happen. 
“Joan, are you sure about this?” Caiden exercised caution in his query.
Of course he would confirm with Joan first, though he would not do anything impermissible. Some relationships should be pursued slowly and gently, especially when the other party was a married woman like Joan. 
“Yes,” Joan replied in a callous tone. 
She sounded somewhat unwilling. Caiden could make out that much. But since she had given her consent, that meant there was still hope for him. He believed that hard work would eventually be rewarded, even if he would not be able to reap the rewards directly. But he was willing to wait until Joan could stand by his side. 
Caiden entered the tent. 
It was not very large, just enough to fit three people. As expected, Lucius would sleep in the center, while Joan and Caiden would sleep on either side of the kid. It seemed fair. 
The three of them lay down to rest for the night, but their eyes remained open without a hint of drowsiness.
###Chapter 2100
Chapter 2100 
Joan lay on her side, her mind occupied by thoughts about Larry. Lucius lay flat, thinking about either Delilah or Larry. As for Caiden, he thought only of Joan’s pretty face. All three of them had their own worries but were reluctant to voice them out. 
“Mom, where do you think Dad is right now?” asked Lucius suddenly. 
Joan froze for a second, turned over to face the boy, and regarded him solemnly. 
“Dad has a lot of things to settle in the company, so he can’t join us on the field trip, but he swears he won’t miss the next one.” Joan held Lucius’s hand, her expression a sincere one. 
Is that right? But Mom isn’t even sure whether Dad will come or not, or when he’ll show up. Dad hasn’t been answering her calls either. So how does Mom know that Dad is busy at work? Lucius’ eyes dimmed as he kept his thoughts to himself. 
“Lucius, I’d like you to know that it’s your father who asked me to come,” Caiden spoke. Lucius’ eyes lit up. 
“Is that true, Caiden? Do you know where Dad is?” Lucius turned over and asked him excitedly. 
Of course that was all a lie. Caiden just did not want to upset the kid. He could tell that Joan adored Lucius very much. 
Joan was surprised to hear him say that. She could not understand why Caiden would cover for her. 
Under normal circumstances, it would take a lot of courage to attend a family event on behalf of another person’s spouse or parent. Not only had Caiden assumed the role, he welcomed it with delight. He even helped smooth over Larry’s absence.
“Of course it is, Lucius. Your father has several big projects coming up, so he’s much busier than usual. So, please don’t blame him, alright?” Caiden said as he pinched Lucius on the cheek. 
Lucius was overjoyed to hear that. 
So Dad didn’t really forget. Something came up and he couldn’t make it, so he asked Caiden to take his place. 
“Mom, did you hear that? Dad didn’t forget about today!” Lucius gently tugged at Joan’s arm. 
It was all quite awkward for Joan, but she forced a smile. 
“Alright, Lucius. Let’s get some sleep. It’s getting late. We have plenty to do tomorrow,” Joan coaxed her child. 
“Okay. Goodnight, Mom. Goodnight, Caiden.” Very soon, Lucius closed his eyes. 
Caiden glanced at Joan on the other side, a swell of emotions surging within him. But Joan did not notice that. She pulled the covers over Lucius before turning her back away. 
Joan, when will you notice my feelings for you? Caiden sighed. 
Joan caught that sigh, and was quickly overcome with guilt. 
The next day, the sun rose early. Perhaps everyone had been too exhausted from the previous day’s events, so no one got up on time. 
In the tent, Lucius still lay at the center, but sometime in the middle of the night his body had slid to a lower position, while above him Joan and Caiden faced each other as they slept on, albeit no sign of intimacy whatsoever.
“Um, Mom, time to wake up,” Lucius called her, his eyes barely open. 
Roused by the child’s voice, the adults slowly opened their eyes, only to realize that they were apparently laying less than one centimeter apart from each other. 
“Joan, I’m sorry about that.” Caiden rolled over and sat up. 
“It’s nothing,” Joan muttered. 
When they exited the tent, there were already a few others moving about. 
Soon, the rest of the campers awoke one after another. 
“Oh, morning, Mr. Caiden. Where did you sleep last night?” One of the students’ parents approached him. 
Joan stood off at the side, appearing rather awkward. 
Why’s she asking such a stupid question? It shouldn’t matter where Caiden slept last night. Who cares if he spent the night inside or outside the tent? It’s totally a non-issue!

###Chapter 2101
Chapter 2101 
“Oh, me? For the first half of the night, outside; for the second half, inside,” Caiden answered. 
“Ah, so that’s how it is…” Cogs began turning in their heads when the adults heard his statement. 
“Oh, they slept together.” 
“Right? How odd. I thought he said he’s not the father? Then why have they spent the night together?” 
“Who knows. And who knows what Joan’s thinking. How could she sleep with another man?” 
The women began to gossip on the side. Joan had gotten wind of their rumors long ago. They did not bother her anymore. At the very least, she knew there was nothing going on between Caiden and herself. 
“Caiden, did you sleep well last night? I have to tell you, I tend to kick around and hit stuff in my sleep…” Lucius elaborated on his question. 
Yes, I know that much. A faint grin spread across Caiden’s face. Last night, the kid had indeed given him a pounding, albeit a light one. 
“It’s no big deal. I’m fine,” Caiden assured him. 
“Alright, everybody. Let’s wash up and get some breakfast. There’s more time for chit-chat later. Our time is running short and we must get home before the sun sets today,” the headmaster hollered to everyone on the grounds, interrupting the group of women who were talking about Joan and Caiden behind their backs. 
Soon, everyone dispersed and got to work packing their belongings.
“Mom, what are those women talking about just now? I think they mentioned your name.” Lucius took his mother’s arm. 
“Oh, it’s nothing. Maybe they’re discussing the speech I gave last night. You know, Lucius, we don’t have to bother what other people think, as long as we’re true to ourselves. Got it?” Joan squatted down to talk to her son. 
Caiden’s heart ached when he saw the two in conversation. 
He had been listening to comments from those nosey women, but he had not intervened. He did not want to admit it but, honestly, he knew he could be quite cruel. In order to set off a scandal, he had to stand by and watch Joan bear the brunt of endless criticisms. 
“Lucius, aren’t you tired? Do you want me to give you a piggyback ride?” Caiden gently patted the child’s back. 
“It’s okay, Caiden. I can walk,” Lucius replied. 
He could not possibly let Caiden carry him. He had caused the man much trouble already. Caiden should not have to spend his energy on him. 
“Keep up, everyone. Our final activity for the day is rock climbing, family-style! It’s our last camping trip, so I hope everybody cherishes the time we have together, alright? Come on, let’s get ready now,” announced the headmaster. 
There was a round of applause as the crowd cheered. 
But Lucius did not feel good about it. 
At the sight of the rock formation before him, he instantly got terrified for no reason.
“Lucius, come on, let’s get ready. It’s our turn soon,” Caiden said, facing the boy. 
“Caiden, I… Um…” Lucius stammered. 
He seemed uptight and agitated. 
“What is it, Lucius? Are you feeling alright?” Joan quickly checked in on him. 
“Mom,” Lucius called Joan, his voice quivering. 
Joan freaked out. 
“I’m scared, Mom. I don’t want to climb up there. What if I fall? I don’t want to die. I still want to see Dad and Grandma…” Lucius wailed. 
Joan had known the boy was afraid of heights, but she was not aware that his fear had taken a turn for the worse. 
“Lucius, this is our first and last camping trip. Once we finish this, the journey comes to an end. Hang in there, just a little more, okay?” Joan looked forward to her son’s reply. 
“No, Mom. I really can’t. I don’t want to do it…” Lucius whimpered as he wiped away his tears. 
“What’s going on here?” The homeroom teacher walked over to them.
###Chapter 2102
Chapter 2102 
“Teacher, I don’t want to climb that. I’m scared!” Lucius cried, tugging at the teacher’s arm. 
The two women reassured him over and over, but nothing worked. He refused to listen to any of it. 
Caiden approached Lucius and placed his hands firmly on the boy’s shoulders. 
“Lucius, calm down. Can you tell me what kind of person do you want to be when you grow up?” 
Caiden’s question caught Joan off guard. Even Lucius stopped crying. 
“I want to be a real man! I want to protect Mom and Grandma just like Dad always does. I want to marry a woman who’s just like Mom…” 
Everybody present at the scene burst into laughter. 
They had to hand it to that kid. Not everyone could come up with such a hilarious response in a stressful situation. 
“Okay, Lucius. Then tell me. If you’re afraid of rock climbing, how will you be able to protect your mother and grandmother? We have to toughen up before we can protect others, right?” Caiden gave the boy a stern look. 
Lucius was stumped. He’s right. 
“Mom, I’ll give it a try.” Holding on to the rope, Lucius changed his mind. 
Joan’s eyes began to water. 
Finally, he’s taken a step forward! Finally, he wants to confront his fear!
“That’s a good boy, Lucius. I know you’ll make me proud,” Joan commented, overcome by emotions. 
Indeed, Lucius was willing to face his fears for the sake of Joan and Delilah. 
“Mom, I will succeed!” 
In the end, the trio worked together and eventually made it to the top of the rock formation. The boy could not be more thrilled. 
“Mom, I did it!” Lucius announced excitedly as he embraced Joan in a tight hug. 
Perhaps he got a bit too excited. After that, he went over and kissed Caiden on the cheek, a move that certainly surprised the man. 
“Thank you, Caiden. If it weren’t for you, I won’t have the courage to get up there. You’re the best!” Lucius hugged him too. 
The three of them came together in a group hug. 
The other teachers were so moved when they witnessed the happy trio that they quickly took out their cameras and began snapping pictures of the blissful moment, totally ignoring the fact that the three of them were not a family. 
“I say, Mr. Caiden is incredible! He actually managed to persuade Lucius to climb the rocks. Why, just a minute ago, that boy wanted to run away!” 
“You can say that again. They might as well be one happy family. They’re a perfect fit!” 
Onlookers engaged in a heated discussion yet again. Joan failed to notice what they were talking about, but it was easy for Caiden to take a guess when he saw the women’s expressions.
“You did great, Lucius. After this, you’re one step closer to becoming a better man.” Caiden squatted down and smiled at him. 
“Caiden, it’s great to have you here, otherwise I really don’t know what I’d do. You’re right. If I want to protect Mom and Grandma, I must become stronger. Don’t worry, Caiden. I’ll keep improving,” Lucius expressed his gratitude. 
Perhaps Lucius had really been touched by Caiden’s words of encouragement, for the boy had a better impression of him, possibly one that surpassed even Larry. 
“Lucius, we’re going down now. Are you okay with that?” Joan asked. 
She thought that Lucius was motivated to try a hand at rock climbing because Caiden had encouraged him. For their descent, if he was also brave enough to do it, accompanied by two adults, it would prove that he had really overcome his worst fear. 
“Yes, Mom. Let’s go,” Lucius instantly replied. 
Stunned for a second, Joan quickly recovered and composed herself. 
“Alright, let’s get back down there. Safety first, so just shout if you need anything,” Joan added and started prepping for their descent. 
Within ten minutes, the three of them were back on the ground, cheered on by a round of applause.
###Chapter 2103
Chapter 2103 
“Lucius, you’re really good at this!” 
“Lucius, you’re amazing! Your dad is awesome as well!” 
“Not only is your dad handsome, but he’s very good at rock climbing, too. I’m so jealous of your family.” 
As the children chattered away, Joan stood at the side awkwardly. Oh well. He’s obviously not Lucius’s father, but now he has become the best father in the eyes of these kids. 
“Hi!” One of their parents came over to Joan. “I’m sure the three of you are family even though you’re not married to him yet. Am I right? Both of you look really great with each other.” 
Joan did not know how to reply that parent. 
How could the three of us be a family? We don’t even look alike. Caiden is a young handsome man, and I’m just an ordinary housewife. How are we a good match for one another? 
After a pause, she explained, “No, you’ve misunderstood. Mr. Caiden is actually a friend of mine. Lucius’s father is quite busy lately, so he can’t come over to this event.” 
“Ah, I see. What a pity. Both of you really look great together.” 
Joan forced a smile and turned to look for Lucius, having no intention to continue the conversation with her. 
I wonder when Larry will be back. If Ms. Young knows that he didn’t make it to this event, I’m sure she’d nag at him. 
“Mom, what are you doing? Come!” Lucius called out to her all of a sudden.
“Well done, Lucius! Keep up the good work. Let me take a photo for the three of you,” one of the teachers said, taking out her phone. 
Caiden hurriedly pulled Joan to his side and held Lucius’s hand, grinning widely at the camera. Joan, on the other hand, could only bring herself to flash an awkward smile. 
Throughout the camp, the teachers had been enjoying themselves, taking countless photos of the kids and their parents as mementos. If Larry comes across those photos, for sure he’d be infuriated. Joan sighed at the thought. 
While Joan was racking her brain to think of ways to prevent that from happening, Caiden walked up to her and saw her troubled face. “What’s wrong, Joan? Did something happen?” 
“Oh, it’s nothing,” Joan replied with a smile. 
Caiden scrutinized her face. Is she thinking about Larry again? He then put his hands into his pockets and inched closer to her. “Joan, how was my performance today? Did I do well?” 
Of course, he had done well. In fact, it’s way too well. 
Joan replied, “Oh, you were terrific. Thank you so much for participating in this event. Otherwise, I’d have no idea how to explain it to Lucius.” 
Caiden smiled at her praise, gloating. 
Larry, no matter what, you’re definitely going to lose to me. 
While over on the other side, the hospital was as busy as usual. The healthcare team was occupied with the administration of medication, and the patients were basking under the sunlight, getting their daily dose of vitamin D. Currently, Delilah was sitting in the garden with her eyes closed, facing the sky.
“Ms. Young, it’s time to take your medicines,” a nurse called gently. 
However, she did not respond. 
Thinking that she might have fallen asleep, the nurse called again, “Ms. Young?” 
Dustin appeared and took away the pills in the nurse’s hand. “Don’t worry about it. I’ll handle this.” 
Hearing his voice, Delilah opened her eyes and glanced at him. “Why are you here?” 
“I’m here to visit you,” Dustin replied. 
Huh, he’s definitely here for Joan. She gave him a side-eye. Even a blind man could see that. 
“Ms. Young, where is Joan these days? I haven’t seen her lately.” Dustin looked around, finding the woman he loved. 
“Huh? I thought you’re here for me. Why are you now looking for Joan instead?” she questioned deliberately. 
Not knowing what to reply to her, Dustin glanced away and scratched his head awkwardly. 
Delilah sighed and told him the truth, “She’s gone to the field trip organized by Lucius’s school. She’d probably be back by this afternoon.” 
What? Why did no one tell me about this? No wonder I haven’t seen Larry in a while, too. They must’ve gone to that event together. 
“Are you disappointed? You should just get yourself a girlfriend already. Stop wasting your time on unrequited love,” Delilah advised.
###Chapter 2104
Chapter 2104 
No, I can’t let her go. As long as I lay hold of Norton Corporation, I’m sure that she will be willing to be with me. 
Seeing right through his mind, Delilah continued, “Joan is never into Larry’s money. What she loves in him is his character.” 
Even though what she said was true, Dustin thought he still stood a chance to win over Joan. If I really get my hands on Norton Corporation, there is a possibility that Larry would file a divorce out of inferiority. 
Fate was truly a weird thing. Problems or difficulties might come in a series, one after another, and sometimes, they could come all at once, overwhelming everyone. Even though I feel tired of pursuing her at times, it’s not the time for me to give up yet. No one knows what’s going to happen next. With such thought in mind, Dustin smiled at Delilah before bidding her goodbye. 
After the camp ended, Caiden drove Joan and Lucius home. As he had some work to do at home, he headed straight back to his place after dropping them off at their house. 
When Jaden saw him back home, he munched on his chips and said, “Yo, Caiden. You’re finally back. How was it? Did you have fun these two days?” 
“Don’t talk to me. I’m dog-tired.” Caiden did not even bother to flick a glance at his friend and flopped onto the couch. 
Sensing something was off, Jaden stood up hastily and went over to Caiden. “Hey, are you okay? Are you feeling unwell? Should I bring you to the hospital? Your parents have entrusted you to me and
asked me to take good care of you. If anything happens to you, I couldn’t bring myself to face them anymore.” 
Ever since he was young, Caiden had never liked anyone mentioning his parents, so now he became even more frustrated after hearing Jaden’s words. 
“Jaden, how many times have I told you already? Don’t mention them in front of me, okay? I’m really tired now,” Caiden said, turning his face away from Jaden. 
Upon hearing his words, Jaden shut his mouth immediately. 
After a while, he fell asleep on the couch and started snoring lightly. 
Seeing that his friend had fallen asleep, Jaden did not want to bother him and went back to his room quietly 
He then took his phone from the table and started scrolling through social media. As he was browsing Twitter, he suddenly saw pictures of Caiden posted by the school teachers. 
“What? Is this Caiden? No way. I’ve never thought that he’s someone who likes kids.” Jaden stared incredulously at his phone and tapped on the first picture. 
It was a picture of Caiden helping Lucius to change clothes, looking like a perfect dad, while Lucius smiled happily at him. 
“How did he manage to stay with kids for two freaking days?” Jaden muttered to himself. 
Was he out of his mind? Why did he do that? 
Just then, a female voice rang from the outside. “Jaden, open the door!”
Oh no! Why is she here now? Hearing Noelle’s voice, Jaden put down the phone right away and scrambled out of his room. When he saw that Caiden was still fast asleep, he smacked Caiden’s back frantically and called, “Wake up, Caiden! Go and hide in your room. My sister is here. Hurry up!” 
However, he did not bulge at all. 
Left with no other choice, Jaden kicked him in the rear. “Caiden Owens!” 
Finally, he snapped his eyes open and yelled angrily, “What the hell are you doing?” 
“Get back to your room now. Noelle is here!” 
As soon as he heard her name, Caiden sprang up to his feet, wide awake. “What? She’s here? Tell her I’m not here.” With that, he dashed up to his room. 
“Caiden, let me in! I know you’re in there!” Noelle shouted, banging on the door. 
When Jaden saw that Caiden was back in his room, he quickly put back the throw pillows in their original place and sprinted to the door. “Hi, Noelle. Why are you visiting again? Did you miss me? Why is my little sister so clingy?” 
Noelle pushed him away from the door and stepped inside. “Go away. I’m not here for you.” 
How could this girl abandon her own brother for another man? 
Dejected, he knitted his eyebrows and grumbled, “What about me, Noelle? I’m the one who always treated you well. Why are you here for Caiden instead? Did he buy you any handbags or lipsticks as I did for you?”
###Chapter 2105
Chapter 2105 
My poor sister has fallen head over heels in love with Caiden. If she marries him in the future, I wouldn’t be shocked to see her giving all of her to him. Jaden shook his head and crossed his arms, looking at Noelle. 
“Where’s Caiden? Where did he go?” she asked, tugging his arm. 
Hmph! She only comes to me when she needs me to find Caiden. Jaden turned his face away from her, acting petulant. “No idea. I didn’t see him.” 
“Please, Jaden. Tell me where he is.” After a while, when she saw that he was still refusing to talk, she glared at him and snapped, “Jaden Owens, are you going to tell me or not? If you…” 
Suddenly, someone knocked on the door, cutting her off. 
What the heck? Only Jaden, Caiden, and I knew about this place. Who else knows about their address? Noelle stared suspiciously at her brother. 
Meanwhile, fear started to rise in Jaden’s heart. Could it be Caiden’s mother? Previously, he had warned me not to reveal our address to his parents. Did I accidentally tell them? Hmm, no, I don’t think I did that. Wait, I was drunk the last time I met them. Did I spill the beans? Oh no… 
Jaden knocked his head in frustration. 
Ugh, I shouldn’t have drunk that time. Drinking too much can really bring trouble. 
The person outside was still knocking on the door. He hesitated for a moment before finally relenting and opened the door.
“Welcome, Mrs. Owens,” Jaden said without lifting his eyes to look at the person standing in front of him. 
Joan stood at the door, feeling awkward. 
Should I go in? He called me Mrs. Owens just now, but I’m not her. 
“Um, I’m not Mrs. Owens,” she stated gently. 
Jaden raised his gaze in an instant and looked at her in surprise. “Joan, what brings you here?” 
She fished out a phone from her pocket. “Caiden accidentally left his phone in my bag this morning, so I’m here to give it back to him.” 
Oh my gosh! I thought it was his mother who came. Jaden heaved a sigh of relief. 
She put the phone in his hand and smiled. “Please pass it to him later. I’ll be heading off then. Bye.” 
However, before she could leave, Noelle came out of the living room and yelled, “Wait!” 
She had overheard their conversation just now. 
What a hypocrite! She previously said that she had no feelings for Caiden and even promised that she wouldn’t have any ambiguous relationship with him because she was already married and had a kid. If it weren’t for those pictures on Twitter, I would have believed her and go abroad without a care in the world. 
“Joan, why are you here? Wasn’t two days of camping date enough?” Noelle sneered. 
Joan whipped around in response and locked eyes with Noelle. Standing off to the side, Jaden’s brows were furrowed deeply as he pulled her to his side. “Noelle, what are you talking about?”
“I’m telling the truth! Joan, you don’t even dare to admit that you seduced him?” 
What does she want me to admit? Was she talking about Caiden participating in the field trip? It was just a coincidence. She’s misunderstood us! 
Joan sighed and explained, “Ms. Ford, I think you’ve misunderstood the situation. There’s nothing between Caiden and me. We did not do anything that crossed the line…” 
“Have you heard yourself? You’re ridiculous, Joan. You’re married, and yet, you slept with another man. Are you not embarrassed? You’re cheating on your husband!” Noelle cut her off. 
Hearing the offensive words from her mouth, Jaden figured the only way to stop the quarrel was to separate Noelle from Joan, so he hurriedly pulled his sister into the house and beckoned Joan to leave. 
“Let me go, Jaden! Did you know what Caiden had been doing for the last two days? He had gone to that damn field trip organized by her son’s school,” Noelle continued, struggling against Jaden’s grip. 
Joan was rendered speechless. It was not my fault! 
Most of the time, people only believed what they saw and what they wanted to hear. The truth, to them, was irrelevant. Joan knew that Noelle liked Caiden, and now that Caiden had done so much for her, Noelle’s jealousy was understandable. I wanted to try my best to explain the truth to her, but I don’t think it would make a change.
###Chapter 2106
Chapter 2106 
“We’re just friends. Please don’t make any false assumptions about us. To me, he’s just a junior who had saved my life before. I really don’t have any other feelings for him,” Joan continued to explain herself. 
“B*tch, did you really think that I have no idea what you’ve done to him? When you guys were in college, all he could think of every day was you. Even after he graduated and went overseas, you were still the one he loved. Because of you, I have to wait for him until now!” Noelle bellowed, boiling with rage. 
Joan could not help but scoff. What does she mean? When we were in college, I was not even close with him—we were just acquaintances. Why did she speak of me as if I was a slut? 
“Let me repeat myself again: there is nothing going on between Caiden and me. Not then, not now, not ever. If you still don’t believe me, you can always go and ask Caiden yourself. I’ve got to go.” Joan then turned on her heel and left. 
“Stop where you are! Joan, you wicked woman!” Noelle roared, struggling to get away from Jaden. 
“That’s enough!” Suddenly, someone bellowed from upstairs. 
Noelle collected herself and turned around slowly to the voice. 
“Caiden, why didn’t you come out just now? You’re clearly at home.” She pouted. 
Why do I have to come out? To get myself annoyed? To get myself to be tortured by her clinginess? After so many years, Caiden had never gotten the courage to tell Noelle that he really disliked her. Ever since they were young, she had always been chasing after him and clinging to him. And he hated it.
“Noelle, why are you here? If you have a problem with me, we need to talk it out. But if you’re just here to visit me, then you shall leave now,” Caiden spoke calmly and determinedly. 
How can he do this to me? Noelle stared at the man she loved, eyes brimming with tears. Why is he acting so distant now? He was not such a cold person before. When we were young, he would always pamper me and let me do whatever I wanted. Why is he becoming like this? 
Seeing Noelle shedding tears, Jaden grumbled in dissatisfaction, “Caiden, don’t be so harsh on her. She’s just concerned about you.” 
“I don’t need her to care about me. In fact, I don’t need anyone to be concerned about me. All of these ‘concerns’ bring me nothing but annoyance!” Caiden raised his voice all of a sudden. 
Noelle was stunned. 
It turns out that he has always disliked and even hated me. 
“Caiden, what should I do to make you happy then?” Noelle questioned tentatively, sniffling. 
Without a second of hesitation, he replied, “All you need to do is stay away from me. The further, the better.” 
Jaden’s eyes widened in shock. Even though Caiden and I have been friends since childhood, it doesn’t mean that he can hurt my sister like that. 
“Caiden, you’ve gone too far!” Jaden yelled back. 
However, Caiden merely sneered in response. He had long been tired of such life. Now, he preferred to live alone.
“That was all I wanted to say. Both of you can do whatever you want. I don’t want to waste any more time.” He swept a glance over them before going back into his room. 
Meanwhile, in a building overseas, a man was sitting in a meeting room, having a discussion with a big company’s chairman. Their conversation was not very pleasant at first, but after ten minutes, the two of them seemed to be engaged in jovial exchanges. 
“Larry, I didn’t know that you’re such a committed man.” The chairman laughed. 
“Actually, every man has his romantic side…” As Larry continued to share his story, the chairman paid his full attention and was totally engrossed in it. 
The chairman never had the intention to revoke the deal with Norton Corporation. He just needed Larry to travel here and held him up on behalf of someone. 
“Okay, if that’s the case, it seems like I was not very clear with your company’s background previously. After listening to your explanation, I finally understand it now. The information given by my staff is not so comprehensive yet. I’ll reconsider the contract between your company and mine,” the chairman said and rose to his feet, extending his right hand to Larry.
###Chapter 2107
Chapter 2107 
Based on the situation now, the possibility of a successful deal has increased. Larry smiled in satisfaction and walked out of the meeting room. 
“Mr. Norton, is everything settled?” his assistant asked, trailing behind him. 
“Yes. Book the tickets immediately and go back as soon as possible,” Larry ordered. 
In response, the assistant gazed at him with admiration and took out her tablet to book their tickets. 
It had been a few days since Larry had last seen Joan, Lucius, and Delilah. I wonder how they are doing? And how did the field trip go? At that thought, he dialed Joan’s number. 
Meanwhile, Joan was cooking in the kitchen, so she did not hear her phone ringing in the living room. 
As for Delilah, she was sitting on her bed, reading a floriculture magazine attentively. Therefore, no one heard Larry’s call. 
Then, a nurse came into her room and smiled. “Hi, Ms. Young. How are you?” 
“I’m feeling fine. I would like to know when the surgery would be conducted?” Delilah whispered, looking at Joan, who was still busy in the kitchen. 
“The doctor said it’d be on next Wednesday. It’s time for you to make preparation, Ms. Young. But rest assured, this time, the surgery will be performed by a renowned surgeon invited by Dr. Silverman. He is specially invited from abroad to handle your surgery.” 
Unbeknown to Delilah, Joan overheard their conversation, but she pretended to be busy preparing their meal.
“It smells so good, Joan. Your cooking is awesome. Ms. Young, I’m so happy for you. Besides the delicious food, you also have a VIP room in our hospital, which basically looks like a presidential suite.” 
“You always have a kind word to say. Thank you.” Ms. Young smiled. 
The next day, Larry returned to the village. As soon as he entered the house, Lucius threw himself into his arms and pouted. “Dad, you’re finally back! I miss you so much. Where have you been? Mom and I really miss you.” 
“Lucius, it’s all my fault. Something came up on that day, so I had to go abroad to settle the issue. Besides, my phone was off at that time, so I didn’t receive any calls. I’m sorry I couldn’t make it to your field trip,” Larry apologized, a trace of guilt gleaming in his eyes. 
“It’s okay, as long as you’re back safely.” Lucius hugged him tightly. 
“Where is mommy?” 
“She’s still at the hospital, taking care of Grandma. Grandma will have surgery soon,” Lucius said worriedly. 
Larry held Lucius’s hand and kissed him on the forehead. “Lucius, stay at home, okay? I’ll go to the hospital for a while.” 
“Okay.” 
Then, Larry went out of Delilah’s house and drove to the hospital. 
The hospital was busy as usual. Most of the people here had an anxious expression on their face. 
“Hi, Mr. Norton.”
“Mr. Norton, you’re back.” 
As he walked into the ward, several nurses greeted him, mesmerized by his good looks once again. 
Larry smiled politely in response and entered Delilah’s room, only to find that there was only Delilah in the room. 
Where is Joan? He looked around, but she was nowhere to be found. 
Hearing him entering the room, Delilah opened her eyes and said sarcastically, “Oh, here you are. I thought you’d never come back again.” 
It has been a few days since he left. Needless to say, Delilah knew that he had missed the camp and went abroad. Even if Joan wanted to hide it from her, she could easily guess from Lucius’s expression that something was off. 
Larry smiled awkwardly. “Hi, Ms. Young. How are you feeling?” 
“You brat! Where have you been for the last few days? You missed the field trip and even went missing after that, not even bothered to answer any of their calls. You’ve made Joan and Lucius worried sick!” Delilah rebuked. 
She was rather angry with him at the moment. I once thought that he was a good guy who was always considerate and competent, so I had thought of leaving Lucius in his hands later on. But how can I believe him again after seeing him being so imprudent? 
“Ms. Young, that day, I had an urgent matter to attend to, and my phone was off because it had run out of battery. Please believe me, Ms. Young. You know what kind of a person I am. The project is extremely important to my company. If we lose the project, we would be losing hundreds of millions of profit,” he explained frantically.
###Chapter 2108
Chapter 2108 
Although Delilah did not know much about business, she definitely understood that profit meant a lot to a company. Other than charity organizations, no company could survive without making profits. 
“Okay. Go to Joan and explain it to her. I can’t help you with this matter.” She looked away and gazed outside the window, sighing. 
Lucius had already told her all the things that happened during the field trip. Sometimes, I’m quite worried that Joan might develop feelings for that guy, Caiden. Women are emotional; we tend to fall in love easily with the person who accompanies us, especially during moments of vulnerability. 
“How’s Joan lately?” Larry asked tentatively. 
How ridiculous! Joan is his wife, and yet, he is asking me how she is doing. 
“You can ask her yourself.” With that, Delilah covered herself with the blanket and closed her eyes. 
Larry sighed inwardly and left the room, dejected. I purposely rushed to the hospital to see Joan and tell her why I had missed the field trip. But now she is nowhere to be found, and I even got scolded by Ms. Young. 
In the mall, Caiden came out of the fitting room and stood in front of a mirror, asking, “Joan, how about this one?” 
“Looks good.” Joan smiled and gave him a thumbs-up. 
Besides Larry, she had never given other men any clothes suggestions, not to mention that she was not even that close to Caiden yet.
Upon hearing her answer, he turned around and frowned at her in a joking manner. “Joan, how can you be so irresponsible? Every time I try on a new suit, the only comments you give are ‘good’ and ‘nice.’ Are you trying to make me buy all the clothes in this store?” 
“No. With your good looks, I honestly think that you look awesome in whatever clothes you wear,” she hastily explained. 
Caiden beamed the moment he heard her praise. 
Did she just compliment me? Way to go, Caiden! 
With a wide grin spread across his face, he took out the clothes he had tried on and showed them to her. “Joan, which one should I choose? White, black, or the pink one?” 
That had put her in a tight spot. 
Larry was the only man she had chosen clothes for, and that was because she was all too familiar with his style of dressing. However, for Caiden, she had absolutely no clue about his preference. Therefore, she could only give him a general answer. 
“Of course you should choose the color that you like,” she replied placidly. 
In an instant, his eyes dimmed. 
Why is she being so careful with her words? Is she uncomfortable being with me? Or is she still thinking about Larry? 
“What’s wrong, Joan? If you don’t feel like shopping with me, you can go back home and have a rest.” Caiden pretended to look hurt, trying to make her feel guilty.
Rubbing her neck awkwardly, Joan sneaked a glance at her watch and smiled faintly. “No, I’m fine. I just need to get back to the hospital to cook for Ms. Young later in the evening. It’s okay. We can continue to shop. Have you found anything you like?” 
“Yeah, I like these three, but I don’t know which one fits me the best,” he stated, pointing at the suits in front of them. 
She looked at the suits and pondered for a while. “Oh. I think I like the white one.” 
Caiden touched the suit that she mentioned. Really? But I like the black one the most. Seems like we don’t have similar taste. What a bummer. 
After seeing the hesitation in his eyes, she realized that the black suit was the one he preferred. 
Hence, she quickly added, “However, the black one suits you, too. You look quite charming with it.” 
Her words made his eyes light up with pleasure. We still get each other, don’t we? 
“Sure.” He nodded and turned to the store’s employee. “Excuse me. I’d like to have this.” 
While Caiden and Joan were shopping, Larry had decided to go back to his company after visiting Delilah in the hospital. Five minutes later, Caspian barged into his office with a twinkle in his eyes. “Larry, you’re finally back!” 
“Uh-huh. How’s the company recently?” Larry asked, flipping through the documents on his desk. 
After Caspian finished reporting to him, he was about to leave when Larry called out to him.
###Chapter 2109
Chapter 2109 
“How has Joan been recently?” Caspian stiffened as he hesitated to answer. Of course, Larry noticed his apprehension instantly. 
“What happened? Tell me!” 
After listening to Caspian spill his heart out, Larry had a bitter taste in his mouth. 
It hasn’t been more than a few days, and she’s already starting to cling onto other men? She’s married, for goodness’ sake! 
What the hell does she think she’s doing? 
Bang! Larry slammed the office door closed, making a beeline for his car. 
“Where to, Mr. Norton?” The chauffeur asked. 
“The hospital!” 
The poor chauffeur nearly jumped out of his skin at the murderous aura that was emanating off of his voice. Without a second thought, he floored the gas pedal. 
Larry was going to wait in the hospital until Joan appeared and then ask her about what was going on. 
Anxiously rubbing his hands together, he stared at the unchanging red traffic light and wondered if God was playing some kind of mean trick on him. Noticing Larry’s stress, the chauffeur tried to start a conversation in order to distract him. 
“It’ll be alright, Mr. Norton. The light will turn green soon.”
“Mm.” 
It was a simple sound of affirmation, but it betrayed the fact that his patience was already at its limits. 
The cars behind them were starting to honk as if it would make the traffic light change faster. Larry winded the car windows down for a breath of fresh air, but suddenly caught sight of something he probably shouldn’t have. 
In the corner of a Western restaurant sat two people, or more specifically, Caiden and Joan. They looked very happy together, and she even giggled when he occasionally reached out to brush her hair away from her face. 
“You must be tired after today,” Caiden told Joan in a low voice. 
After all, she hadn’t wanted to come outdoors in the first place, but he’d insisted on dragging her along with him to go shopping for clothes. 
“I’m fine,” Joan smiled kindly. “It’s the least I could do for the person whom I owe my life to.” 
Caiden froze for a second before regaining his composure. 
Does she think of me as nothing more than a lifesaver? Is she really unaware of my feelings towards her? 
“Joan, I…” Caiden gulped, stopping himself. 
He wanted to confess to her. He’d thought about it for a long time coming and had merely been waiting for the right chance. Unfortunately, he hadn’t expected her to still view him as an outsider. 
Am I not doing enough? Caiden lamented internally, feeling disappointed. 
“What’s wrong?” Joan glanced at him curiously.
“Um— I want to ask you something.” 
“Sure.” She put down her knife and fork, fixing him with a sincere stare. “I have nothing to hide.” 
“What if, and this is just ‘if’, you fall in love with another man?” Caiden asked carefully. “What would you do?” 
“That won’t happen,” Joan instantly replied. 
Huh? Why not? 
“If I wasn’t in love with Larry, I wouldn’t have chosen to get married to him. The very fact that I’ve chosen to do exactly that should be proof enough that I’ve decided to spend the rest of my life with him. Thus, that hypothetical situation that you brought up will never happen. If anything, I don’t have any respect for women who would fall in love with men other than their own lover.” Joan sipped from her cup of coffee. 
He hadn’t predicted that answer. Usually, women were very emotional beings; even if they were already married, it wasn’t rare for them to get divorced in order to chase after the man they thought was their one true love. Cases like Joan’s, where she vowed to be loyal to her marriage no matter what, were rare nowadays. 
Unbeknownst to him, Caiden’s interest in her increased even further. 
“I was just saying ‘if’…” 
Joan cut in, “There is no ‘if’s about it.” 
“Okay, then I’ll ask something else.” Caiden quickly changed the topic. 
“If one day, you discovered that your husband was having an affair, what would you do?”
What a timely question. She’d just dealt with a similar situation recently. 
“First of all, my husband would never do that. Second of all, even if he did, it would be a trap set up by someone else,” she answered firmly.
###Chapter 2110
Chapter 2110 
Caiden couldn’t wrap his head around why she trusted Larry so much. Men having affairs outside of their marriage was normal. Hell, even he couldn’t guarantee that he wouldn’t do such a thing when he got married in the future. 
“Joan, you need to understand that sometimes men’s wants and needs are very strong…” 
“Can we not talk about this anymore, Caiden? I love my family and my husband very much, as does he. He treats me well, and we are happy. Nothing that you just said will ever happen. 
“Is there anything else? If not, I’ll take my leave. I need to get back to the hospital to take care of Ms. Young.” Joan got to her feet and picked her bag up. 
“Wait! Don’t go! I was just joking around,” Caiden hurriedly rushed to make her stay. “Don’t take my words so seriously, okay?” 
So she truly is firm in her own beliefs. No wonder Larry didn’t give up even after so long. What a weird woman. 
“I know you were joking, but I really have to go…” 
“Joan!” A familiar voice suddenly called out. 
“Dustin?” She turned around at the sound of her name as he walked towards them. “What are you doing here?” 
Who is he? Is he close to Joan? Caiden squinted at the man in front of him with suspicious eyes. 
“Hi, my name’s Dustin. I’m Joan’s friend and one of her admirers.”
“What are you talking about?” Joan rolled her eyes and hit his shoulder lightly. “I’m married.” 
Dustin could tell that this Caiden guy was clearly in love with Joan, and was in the midst of struggling to get her attention. He wasn’t a bad-looking fella. It was just too bad that he fell in love with a woman that he shouldn’t have. 
“You two can continue talking. I’m going to go upstairs to do some stuff,” Dustin gestured towards the floor above them. 
He wasn’t worried about Joan being stolen away by someone else; he knew that she would always reject their advances. 
“It’s getting late, Caiden. I should really get going,” Joan insisted, getting a little desperate. 
“I’ll send you there.” He opened the door for her as he said so. 
Larry watched all of this happen, not budging an inch from where he sat in the car. 
“Are we still heading for the hospital, Mr. Norton?” the chauffeur inquired. 
He, too, had witnessed Joan leaving the restaurant with another man. 
“Go. Now,” came Larry’s cold answer. 
The temperature in the car felt like it had dropped several degrees, and the chauffeur felt chills run up his spine. 
“There’s really no need,” Joan argued, trying to block Caiden’s way. “I can hail a taxi. Don’t you still have work, anyway?” 
“Relax! My work hours are super flexible,” grinned Caiden.
This won’t do. If the nurses at the hospital see us, they’re going to gossip again. 
“Are you angry because of what I said?” 
Unable to convince him otherwise, Joan had no choice but to let him send her to the hospital. 
“What’s going on? Why did Mrs. Norton arrive with that guy?” 
“Who knows? I just saw Mr. Norton go in, too…” 
The nurses hid behind the counters and whispered to one another. They could easily see that Caiden’s gaze was filled with admiration and envy whenever he looked at Joan. 
“Bye, Joan! Call me if you need anything!” Caiden gave her a sunny smile, waving at her before he walked away. 
I hope we never call each other again. The happenings of the past few days were more than enough to make her feel wrought with guilt. She didn’t need yet another thing to worry about. Joan took a deep breath to steel herself and walked into the ward. 
“You’re back,” Delilah noted out loud. 
Joan greeted her in a soft tone, “How are you today, Ms. Young? Do you feel any better? Your surgery is tomorrow.” She only noticed Larry’s presence when approaching Delilah’s bed. 
“Larry? Why are you here?” She tilted her head in confusion. 
She’d thought that the Norton Corporation was swamped with work and that he was too busy to come to visit Delilah. The memory of how he’d broken his promise last time was still fresh in her mind. Of course, it wasn’t as if she’d been completely sound of mind herself these past few days.
###Chapter 2111
Chapter 2111 
“Where were you?” Larry stared at her sternly, repressing his emotions and forcing his voice to sound calm. 
“Um, I went for lunch with a friend,” she slowly answered. 
Oh, so a junior from school is a friend now? Is that friend going to turn into a boyfriend at some point, too? A gloomy expression on his face, Larry gradually neared Joan, who hung her head and looked at everywhere but him as she fiddled with her fingers. 
“Which friend was it? Do I know him? How long did you eat for? Where did you eat?” 
The sudden barrage of questions irritated Joan. 
What is this, an interrogation? Why should I tell him? He didn’t tell me in advance when he left the country for work, either! 
“A meal is just a meal. What’s up with all the questions?” Joan picked up her purse and made to leave the ward. “Ms. Young, I’m heading out to buy some fruits for you.” 
Maybe it was guilt that was causing her to act out like this, but she had no idea why she was feeling guilty in the first place. There was nothing between her and Caiden, yet she’d made it seem as if she’d done something wrong. 
Sighing heavily, she exited the room and hit her own head with a fist. 
What are you doing, Joan? Why didn’t you just tell him the truth? What’s the use of getting angry at him? Why did I think that was a better option than letting him find out about Caiden?
Whatever. I’ll explain to him when I get back. 
The supermarket was full of people who had just gotten off of work and were doing their grocery runs. 
Taking a look at her surroundings, Joan ended up picking out a lot of things that Delilah, Larry, and Lucius liked. There wasn’t much in the shopping cart for herself, probably because she hadn’t had much of a good appetite recently. 
“The cookies that Lucius likes to eat…” Joan mumbled to herself under her breath, scanning the aisles carefully. 
Got it! 
She rushed towards that particular aisle, but the cookies were placed on a shelf too high for her to reach. She was wearing sports sneakers instead of heels, so there was no way that she’d be able to reach it. Placing everything down, she jumped over and over, stretching her arm out as much as she could to no avail. 
“Did you want this?” A large hand suddenly appeared above hers. 
“Yes, it’s that box!” she excitedly replied. 
She hadn’t thought to take a look back at the kind stranger, nor did she recognize his voice. 
“How many do you want?” The man’s voice was low, and there was the faint scent of his cologne mixed in with his pheromones. 
“Two should be enough,” she said, a fond smile growing on her face. 
“Here. Is there anything else you need help with?”
“Nope. Thank you…” She turned her head to look at him, her jaw dropping when she realized that it was Caiden. 
“Caiden? Didn’t you go home?” 
“Yup,” he grinned at her again. “I was just dropping by to buy something before I headed home.” Why do I keep bumping into him everywhere I go? Is this some sort of black magic? 
“Are you sure you don’t need anything else?” insisted Caiden. 
“No, thank you. Goodbye,” Joan told him curtly, hurriedly leaving. 
What a weird guy. How does he always end up sticking to me in one way or another? This won’t do. I’ve been around him too much lately. I need to stay away from him. 
Back in the hospital ward, Larry was sitting on the couch flipping through a magazine absentmindedly, his chest still heavy with a tangle of emotions. 
“What are you being so down for?” sighed Delilah. “Just say what’s on your mind. Who knows what might happen if you don’t. Besides, communication is key in a relationship.” 
She had a point. He needed to have a good talk with Joan. 
But how do I start the conversation? And what do we talk about? If she doesn’t take the initiative to tell me herself and I have to ask the first question, wouldn’t she accuse me of being suspicious of her again? Larry hung his head, his shoulders slumped. 
“Oh, it’ll all be fine. I’ll make sure to talk with Joan when she returns, so don’t look so down,” reassured Delilah. “Relax. Nothing is going to happen between Caiden and her. It’s just that things have been really chaotic recently.”
###Chapter 2112
Chapter 2112 
What kind of “thing” would cause them to interact with each other daily? Even Lucius would occasionally bring Caiden’s name up when he was with Larry. It would seem that Caiden had done his homework. 
“I’m back, Ms. Young,” Joan called out, pushing the door open and heading straight for the kitchen. 
“You bought so much! How did you carry it all?” fretted Delilah. 
“A handsome young man helped deliver the items,” one of the nurses behind Joan unhelpfully supplied. 
Larry instantly turned his sharp gaze towards her. Was it Caiden again? 
Noticing Larry’s change in mood, Delilah quickly changed the topic by loudly saying, “Thank you so much, Joan. What do you plan on cooking?” 
“Let’s see. I might make a few regular dishes, and then fry some fish…” 
Larry didn’t have the appetite to listen any further. 
“Oh, Larry! Lucius is going to come back from school soon. You should spend some more time with him. He seems a little stressed lately, apparently because of a competition he’s joining,” Delilah pointed out purposefully. 
“Alright.” Larry got to his feet and walked over to the window, staring sadly at the scenery outside. 
Joan, busying herself in the kitchen, completely failed to notice his behavior. 
“Don’t worry, Grandma,” Lucius later told Delilah comfortingly. “You’ll definitely get better!”
“That’s right, Ms. Young! You’re a good person, and you deserve good things. We’re all cheering you on!” 
“We’ll always be here for you, Ms. Young!” 
A small group of people from the village had gathered in the hospital ward. When they’d all caught wind that Delilah was about to undergo surgery today, they’d immediately paused what they were doing and rushed to the hospital to visit her. 
Everyone in the village had formed a connection with Delilah over the years. She’d received a high level of education, yet was very humble and lowkey in personality. Even though she used to be rich, she never looked down on them and lived her daily life with them like an ordinary person. Her kindness and selflessness had also moved their hearts on more than one occasion. 
“Oh, stop it. It’s just a small surgery, there was no need for all of this,” Delilah smiled gratefully, although she did think that this reaction was a little too over-the-top. “Thank you all for coming.” 
“No problem, Ms. Young! You’re one of the most important figures in our little village; we’d all be lost without you! Just take your time to recover. We’re all looking forward to eating your buffalo wings again!” The group erupted in joyful laughter. 
Delilah’s cooking skills had become sort of a legend within the village, especially her buffalo wings. Although she had passed on her skills to Joan as well, no one else had ever eaten any of Joan’s cooking before. 
“You’re all mere foodies, aren’t you? I’ll host a small get-together at my place after I get better and treat you to my cooking then,” Delilah chuckled.
The atmosphere appeared cheerful and bright, but each of them was secretly suppressing their true emotions of uneasiness and concern. After all, who wouldn’t be worried about surgery? No one said it aloud, but they were all afraid that Delilah wouldn’t come out of the operating theater after going in. 
Joan stood off to one side, hiding in a corner as she watched everything in silence. She was stubbornly trying to prevent herself from bursting into tears, and everyone understandingly gave her own space. 
“Okay, okay, that’s enough. Ms. Young’s surgery will definitely go well,” a nurse walked over and told them. “The professionals that Dr. Silverman has invited are the best in their fields. There’s no need to worry so much.” 
Dustin slowly walked over to the bed, and the small crowd parted to make way for him. 
“It’ll be alright, Ms. Young,” Dustin reassured Delilah, gripping her hand in his. “It’s just a simple procedure. Just grit your teeth and get it over with.”
###Chapter 2113
Chapter 2113 
“I believe you,” Delilah smiled kindly up at him. “Um, if you all wouldn’t mind, I’d like to talk alone with Joan for a bit.” 
Everyone nodded, slowly filing out of the ward. Joan padded over to the bed and ended up falling to her knees by Delilah’s bedside, her eyes reddening with tears. 
“Oh, Joan. I’ve never had a proper chance to chat with you, and now that I finally do, it’s under these circumstances,” Delilah swallowed the lump in her throat, sounding a little choked up as she continued, “I’ve always been afraid of viewing you as my own daughter, but meeting you and Lucius is the best thing that has ever happened to me. So, I sincerely ask you to please take good care of Lucius. Who knows if I will really survive this surgery…” 
“No! The operation will be a success and you will get better, Ms. Young!” Joan cried out, hiccupping. “I’ve checked before, and all the surgeons are all the best money can get.” 
“I know, I know. Dustin is a reliable person when it comes to these sort of life-or-death situations. But just in case, I want to tell you something: Larry is a good man, and now that you’re married to each other, you should treasure the time you have with each other. I know Dustin and that Caiden boy both like you, but you have to protect your family. Please don’t go down the wrong path…” Delilah’s eyes softened. 
So she knows everything. 
“Ms. Young, Larry is my husband, while Dustin and Caiden are just my friends. I know the difference, and I won’t abandon Larry and Lucius,” Joan mumbled, scared that the older woman would notice the abnormality in her behavior.
Although, to be honest, she had realized this abnormality a long time ago since she first started hiding in the corner of the hospital ward. 
“Okay, you can leave the room now. Ask Larry to come in; I’d like to talk with him as well.” Delilah reached out, gently stroking Joan’s hair. 
Slowly rising from the floor, Joan walked over to the door and quietly called for Larry as she left the room. 
The next moment, tears blurred her vision as the women around her gathered to hug her. 
“It’s okay, Joan. Don’t be like that. Ms. Young will be okay.” 
“That’s right! What about the child? Go on, wipe your tears. Lucius just went to the washroom and is coming right back.” 
That successfully got Joan to stop crying. 
“Everything’s going to be fine.” Dustin came over and patted her back lightly. 
She trusted Dustin, but she couldn’t shake the irrational worry that an accident might occur during the surgery. 
“Larry…” Delilah waved at him from inside the ward. 
The man swiftly made his way to her. “Yes, Ms. Young.” 
“There are some things I need to tell you. If the surgery fails, I won’t get another chance to otherwise,” Delilah coughed out.
“I will admit that you’re a good man. When I first met you, I did have some misunderstandings towards you…” 
Delilah struggled to get the words out, every sentence stealing a part of her energy away from her. The sight tugged at Larry’s heartstrings. 
“I promise you that I will take good care of Joan and Lucius and you, Ms. Young. Your surgery will go smoothly without a hitch. Have some confidence in yourself, exactly like how the surgeon is confident in this operation.” 
They chatted for a while, both ignoring the fact that these might be Delilah’s dying words. 
This was a dangerous operation, with its own share of risks and hopes. Dustin had been telling everyone over and over that the surgery would definitely succeed because he’d merely wanted to let Delilah have hope. 
In reality, Delilah understood her own condition very well. If she survived this surgery, she would have a few extra years left to live; if she didn’t, then her life would end here. 
And even if it did, she would be leaving no regrets behind. 
In the operating theater, Delilah had long since closed her eyes and entrusted everything to fate and luck. Outside, everyone waited restlessly. Joan paced up and down the corridor as she hugged herself, her eyes red and swollen and a permanent frown on her face.
###Chapter 2114
Chapter 2114 
“Grandma will be okay, right, Mommy?” Lucius asked in a small voice, hugging Joan’s legs. 
“She’ll be fine. Don’t worry.” 
The women from the village sighed, giving the mother and son pitiful sidelong glances. 
“He’s so young, he wouldn’t be able to bear the thought of parting with Ms. Young…” 
“Of course, he’s been with her since he was little…” 
As their conversation grew louder and louder, Joan pulled her son away so that he wouldn’t be able to overhear it. 
“What were they talking about, Mommy?” 
“Nothing, Lucius. Wait for me here, okay? I’ll go buy you breakfast,” Joan told him, patting his head lightly. 
“I’m not hungry,” he shook his head. “We can eat after Grandma comes out.” 
Click! 
The lit-up sign above the operating theater finally switched off as everyone held their breaths. Her eyes widening as she saw the doctor exit the theatre and pull off his mask, Joan instantly rushed over to clutch his arm. 
She wanted to ask about Delilah’s condition, and about whether or not the surgery was a success. But for some reason, she couldn’t get the words out of her mouth.
“What’s wrong, Joan?” Some of the other women tapped her shoulder. “Joan?” 
A wave of dizziness suddenly overcame her, and she fell to the floor. 
“Joan!” 
The last thing she heard before blacking out completely was Larry calling out her name. 
In another ward, Larry sat by the bedside, patiently waiting for Joan to regain consciousness while everyone else gathered in Delilah’s room. Fortunately, the surgery had gone well, and she would not suffer from any lingering side effects. All she needed now was to be monitored throughout her recovery process. 
“Where’s Joan?” The old woman rasped out, glancing around. 
“She went out to buy food for you and Lucius.” 
“Lucius has been waiting for you to wake up so he could eat with you.” 
The women all chuckled carefreely, a heavy burden lifted off of their shoulders now that they knew Delilah was alright. 
“This happened because she’s been overworking herself and suffering from large amounts of psychological stress,” the doctor clarified, gesturing to a still unconscious Joan. “She’ll be fine. She just needs to take care of her own health more.” 
Nodding numbly, Larry stared at Joan with pained eyes. Recent events regarding Delilah and Lucius had to have been hard on her. Poor thing. He took her hand in his, gripping it tightly. 
“Ugh… Ms. Young…” Joan muttered with much difficulty, furrowing her eyebrows. 
“Wake up, Joan,” Larry whispered, gently shaking her. “Ms. Young’s surgery was a success.”
“No, Ms. Young… You can’t leave, what am I supposed to do if you leave? And what about Lucius… Ms. Young…” A tear escaped Joan’s closed eyelids, slowly trickling down her face. 
Even in her sleep, she was worried over Delilah. 
“No!” She cried out, coming to and sitting up abruptly. 
“Joan, it’s me. You’re okay.” Larry instantly wrapped his arms around her, holding her close in an attempt to soothe her. 
“Larry? Where’s Ms. Young? Is she alright?” Completely oblivious to her own condition, she couldn’t think about anything else other than Delilah. 
“Yes, she is. Don’t worry.” He brushed her hair aside, pressing a gentle kiss to her forehead. “Do you want to go see her? I think she’s already awake.” 
Without a second word, Joan climbed off of the bed and ran all the way to Delilah’s ward, not caring that she was barefoot. 
“Ms. Young!” she yelled out, slamming the door open. 
Everyone in the ward immediately swiveled their heads to look at her, the atmosphere growing tense. 
“Is that Joan?” Delilah asked weakly. 
Upon hearing her voice, Joan burst out sobbing once more. Pushing past the small crowd surrounding Delilah, she stared at the frail, old woman laying on the hospital bed.
###Chapter 2115
Chapter 2115 
It really is her! She’s alive! The surgery was a success! 
Joan threw herself onto Delilah and cried her eyes out. 
Everyone around was deeply touched by the scene and was on the verge of tearing. 
“Ms. Young, I missed you terribly,” Joan sniveled. 
Delilah hadn’t gotten back to her senses yet, so she couldn’t quite figure out what was going on. Someone had told her Joan had gone out to get food. 
“Alright now, everything’s fine. You went out to get breakfast, didn’t you? Lucius and I are starving.” Delilah softly patted the crying woman’s shoulder and swiftly changed the topic. 
Hm? Since when did I say I was getting breakfast? Joan lifted her chin and looked perplexedly at the lady beside her. Her coworkers immediately sank their heads onto their shoulders. 
“Please excuse me, Ms. Young. I’m afraid I still have some work to do.” 
“I almost forgot. My son asked me to head home now.” 
“Same here, Ms. Young. We’ll visit you again soon.” 
In less than two minutes, those from the village had all exited the ward. 
“Mom, those ladies told us you went out to get us breakfast. I’m hungry.” Lucius rubbed his growling tummy as he whiningly grunted.
“Breakfast right here. Your mom got you these!” Larry appeared at the door out of nowhere at that moment, and in his hands were a few bags of food. 
“Where did they all go? I got them some too.” Larry looked for the ladies who were in the room just a minute ago. 
Delilah looked at Joan and then at Larry. Something puzzling her brain. 
“Thank you so much, Doctor. We’re really grateful to have you.” Dustin held the hands of the surgeon in much gratitude. 
“That’s what I’m here for. A doctor’s job is to save lives.” The surgeon’s voice suddenly turned solemn. “By the way, are you really planning to stay here for good and not return to Wildefield?” 
Dustin had been back in the country for quite some time, and he’d shown no interest in going back to Bainewich college to continue his studies. The surgeon wanted to pass Dustin all the knowledge and techniques he had acquired, but the current situation left him hanging. 
“I really appreciate your kind thoughts, but it’s not the right time for me to leave yet.” Dustin pinched his neck with his palm awkwardly as he explained himself. 
Sigh. Well, the young ones have their ways of thinking, and I should, by all means, respect them. 
The two men chatted for a bit before the surgeon left. 
Looking at the fading silhouette, Dustin started feeling apologetic for disappointing the other man. 
Joan, I’m doing this for you. If I really go back one day, will you miss me? Dustin’s current state of mind was in a daze. 
Suddenly, a familiar voice called out to him. “Dustin?”
“What brings you guys here?” 
“Oh, I came as heard that Ms. Young had an operation today. How was the operation? All good?” Nancy probed for a quick answer. 
The tone in Dustin’s voice spelled relief as he replied, “Yes, it was very successful.” 
“Ms. Young, how are you feeling?” Nancy looked worrisome as she turned her head to face the lady on the bed. 
“So far, so good. I feel bad that you came all the way to see me, though.” Delilah ended her words with a cough. 
Joan was surprised to see Nancy and Jory as she hadn’t told them about the operation. 
“Joan, you should’ve told me about this. I wouldn’t have known anything about this if I hadn’t asked around,” Nancy grumbled. 
“I hope you didn’t take this the wrong way. I mean, you’re pregnant, and that baby bump is pretty big now. I didn’t want to trouble you,” Joan swiftly explained. 
They then chatted on, seeming quite merry with each other’s company. 
As days passed, Delilah slowly recovered and got stronger. 
“I’d like to be discharged.” Her utterance caught everyone aback. 
Joan, who was sitting on the couch, felt stumped. It was true that Delilah had been hospitalized for quite a period of time. What concerned her was the health problems that might arise after she’d been discharged.
“Ms. Young, let’s stay for another few more days, okay?” Joan suggested, tucking Delilah’s blanket as she spoke. 
Delilah picked her words strategically. in an attempt to persuade Joan. “Enough. I’ve asked the doctor about this matter, and he told me that I’m good to go. Let’s go home. I don’t really like the atmosphere here. It makes me feel as if I’m going to die soon.”
###Chapter 2116
Chapter 2116 
Delilah didn’t want Joan and Larry to travel back and forth to visit her at the hospital; she found it too tiresome for them. 
Since Joan didn’t have any other reasons to keep the woman hospitalized, she gave Larry a call, explained the situation, and started packing up. 
“Joan.” 
A bassy voice caught the attention of both Joan and Delilah. Caiden? What is he doing here? And are those health supplements he’s carrying? 
Delilah froze at the sound of the man’s voice. “Caiden? Y-you—” 
Caiden cut in before she could finish her sentence, “I haven’t been in town for a while, and that’s why I couldn’t come to see you, Ms. Young. I just got back today, so…” 
Hang on. That’s not the point! The point is, why would he visit her with all these health supplements all of a sudden? They aren’t that close. Joan couldn’t wrap her head around what she was witnessing with her own eyes. 
“Erm… But…” She didn’t know what to say. 
“Come on in, young man. Joan, don’t keep my guest standing. Bring him in already.” Delilah tried to smooth things out. 
Joan stood still in discomfiture while Caiden scratched the bottom of his skull as he walked into the ward. He himself knew that this would appear abrupt, but he still made the decision to come after some contemplation.
“Ms. Young, have you been discharged?” Caiden asked as he looked at Delilah earnestly. 
“Yes. I’ve already regained enough strength in my body,” the latter answered clumsily. 
Her eyes carefully scanned the man in front of her and concluded that this person by the name of Caiden wasn’t up to any good. What bemused her the most was how Joan had gotten herself entangled with this man. Maybe it was to repay his kindness? 
“So you’re Joan’s junior, yeah?” 
“Yes. She’s my senior.” Caiden felt his muscles tensing up at the question, his entire body standing on guard. 
They talked for a bit, and Joan soon had had everything packed up. 
“Joan, why don’t you let me send you home. I’m free today, anyways.” Caiden got on his feet in a flash when he saw the woman done packing up. 
Hmm… Delilah didn’t seem happy with that suggestion, and Joan racked her brain to find a reasonable excuse to turn him down. 
Why would we need him to send us home? Larry’s going to be here any minute. 
“Well, that won’t be necessary. Larry’s already on his way here,” Joan declined his offer forthrightly. 
She sometimes wondered how this man managed to appear in front of her again and again, despite all her efforts in evading him. 
“Hey, Joan. Your phone’s ringing.” Delilah pointed at a table not too far away. 
It was Larry. “Hey, Joan. Sorry, but I can’t make it today. Some issues are requiring my immediate attention in the company.”
Not again… I thought we talked about this. Why does he always stand me up and break his promises? To say Joan was downright disappointed would be an understatement. 
“What? Seriously, again? It’s not the first time you’re doing this.” Beep— She hung up before he could say anything to defend himself. She was as crossed as two sticks and turned narky in seconds. 
“What’s wrong? Did something happen to Larry?” Delilah asked, anxious. 
“What could possibly happen to him? Anyway, he can’t make it today.” Joan’s usually gentle voice was strung with dissatisfaction. 
Caiden was singing hymns of joy inside as he ensconced cozily on the couch. 
Aren’t you my lucky star, Larry! He managed to suppress his exhilaration into a mildly curved smile. 
Joan sighed, turning to face the man in the room. “Caiden, I guess we need your help after all.” 
“Don’t mention it, Joan. The pleasure is all mine.” 
Caiden was always more than willing to lend a helping hand. Being asked by Joan couldn’t have made him happier. 
Neither Joan and Delilah like owing favors to people, and thus, they had Caiden stay over at their place for dinner as a token of appreciation for his help. 
“Mom!” Lucius launched into Joan’s arms the moment he saw her. 
“Grandma, are you feeling better?” He looked at Delilah with his droopy brows. 
“No worries. I’m very strong now.” Delilah smiled as she patted him on the back reassuringly.
“That man over there…” Lucius pointed towards Caiden, who had his back towards him.
###Chapter 2117
Chapter 2117 
“Hi, Lucius! How are you? Do you miss me?” Caiden got up and lowered himself to Lucius’ eye level. 
“Caiden! I missed you so much!” The young boy was full of beans and wrapped his hands around Caiden’s neck. 
Delilah couldn’t believe her eyes. 
Lucius has always found it hard to mingle with people he wasn’t familiar with. Why is he so natural around Caiden? 
“Lucius didn’t dare to go rock climbing until Caiden helped with his character building. It’s interesting how he’s not afraid of heights anymore after that,” Joan explained upon seeing the look of confusion on Delilah’s face. 
“I’m home!” Larry announced his arrival in the yard. 
In the living room sat Caiden. He heard that cry, and a scheming thought came to him. How will Larry react when he sees me? Will he be shocked, or will he give me the cold shoulder? Maybe he’ll look at me in contempt? Or perhaps he’ll go panicky and react in fear? 
“Dad’s home.” Lucius pulled Caiden by the hand and walked over to Larry. 
Larry was stupefied when the other man entered his line of sight. What’s he doing here? And why does Lucius seem so close to him? Larry’s eyes scanned around the house, and he soon saw Joan making dinner, whereas Delilah was trimming some branches in the yard. It was hard for him to act naturally. 
“Hi,” Larry greeted Caiden stoically.
“Am I not welcome?” 
Duh! Isn’t that obvious? Larry hurled his briefcase onto the couch in a huff, not bothering to immediately respond to that sarcastic question. 
“Dad, it was Caiden who went to the field trip with us when you couldn’t go,” Lucius whispered. 
Larry had already been aware of the incident, and that was the reason his guard was up. 
He had already had a feeling that the man standing in front of him had some hidden agendas ever since their first meeting. Little did he expect Caiden to make his move so soon. 
Larry got cozy on the couch as he forced a smile, saying in reply, “No, not at all! I’d firstly like to thank you for going on the field trip in my stead.” 
Pretty sure he didn’t mean that. Caiden twitched his lips, holding back a smirk. 
“I know you’re a busy man, Mr. Norton. I get it. How important could a field trip be compared to your company matters?” 
Ooh, that sarcasm. He’s declaring war so soon, eh? Larry took a good look at the man and smiled. 
“Oh, that’s not the case. Lucius will always come first and—” 
“Dinner’s ready!” Joan’s summon for dinner broke off the conversation. 
“Come on. Stop dilly-dallying.” Delilah hastened them to the dining area. 
Joan had cooked up a feast as a token of appreciation to Caiden.
“Wow. This blows me away, Joan! Everything looks absolutely scrumptious! I mean, you only made some simple dishes at my place a few days ago, and I thought you only knew how to—” At his comments, Larry turned sullen and Joan uncomfortable. 
What’s wrong with this guy? Did he just slap himself in the face? 
Joan tried to divert the topic, sensing the tension growing in the air. “Have some of this, Caiden. You must’ve been exhausted.” 
Delilah knew very well at that moment that this unscrupulous rat wasn’t there to visit her. 
The air around the dining table wasn’t at all pleasant. The way Lucius interacted with Lucius was a red flag for Larry. 
“Have more of these, Joan. It’s your favorite. You’ve been up and about taking care of Lucius and Ms. Young, and occasionally an outsider like me.” Caiden gave Larry a victorious sidelong glance after saying so. 
Joan’s face was seething in mortification as she racked her brain for a reasonable explanation for the man’s behavior. 
Delilah spoke up in an attempt to try to maintain the merriment, “Dig in, everyone. None of Joan’s effort should go to waste.”
###Chapter 2118
Chapter 2118 
“Lucius, here are your favorite buffalo wings. Your mom made them just for you.” Delilah placed a piece of buffalo wings on Lucius’ plate. 
“Thanks for the wonderful meal, Mom!” The young boy praised his mom and flashed her a blinding smile before digging in happily. 
The atmospherically awkward dinner soon came to an end. However, Caiden showed no signs of taking his leave, much to Larry’s dismay. 
“Lucius, shall we play a game together?” Caiden swept his hands around Lucius and had him sit on his lap. 
“I’m down for it! But it’s late now. Don’t you have to go home?” Lucius curiously looked at Caiden. 
The moon had long settled snugly in the dark sky. It was indeed late. 
“I see. You don’t like me anymore. Guess I’ll just go then.” Caiden loosened his grip, acting as if he was upset. 
“No, no, no, Caiden! I like you, but I’m just worried.” 
The two then started their own little game on the couch. Delilah witnessed the whole exchange between the boy and the man. 
Caiden has declared war. How will Larry defend his territory? 
While watching TV, Joan couldn’t stop swishing her eyes onto her watch. 
“Lucius, it’s time for bed. You still have school tomorrow.” She yawned.
“Mom, let me play for a little while more, please? We aren’t sleepy at all,” Lucius pleaded, going against her request. 
What’s Caiden trying to do here? It’s already late. Why is he still hanging around the house? Joan slowly walked towards Caiden and tossed him a polite smile. 
“Caiden, as you can see, it’s pretty late now. I think it’d be better if you head home now.” Her request was nothing but impolite. 
That would be her first time asking a guest to leave. 
Caiden instantly stood up, his face flushed with embarrassment. 
He patted Lucius on the head, saying, “Right, Lucius. I’m going home now. Time to hit the sack.” 
“Got it, Caiden. Goodbye.” Lucius ran into his room after saying his goodbyes. 
Meanwhile, Larry stayed cooped up in his bedroom, working. After attending to some urgent matters earlier in the day, he had left the company early, hoping to have dinner with his family. That was why he was trying to finish up his work at such a late hour. 
Creak… The door opened slowly. 
Larry didn’t notice it and went on pitter-pattering on the keyboard. 
“Are you not going to sleep yet?” Joan whispered. 
There was a brief pause before the sound of the keyboard resumed. 
Larry’s reply came short and crisp. “Yeah. You can go ahead. I still have work to do.”
What he really wanted to know was, what brought Caiden here, and why she’d cooked for him. But he eventually chose to drop the burning question. 
“Larry, I—” 
He interjected before she could say anything further, “Let’s talk tomorrow. It’s pretty late now.” 
“Okay.” Joan walked to their bed and lay down. 
The man affixed in front of the window was flicking through documents; the woman in bed was tossing and turning, trying to fall asleep; and the new moon hanging in the night sky was steadily shifting its position bit by bit. 
At this moment, even the bugs had mellowed down their chirping and laid themselves to rest. The air was clouded by silence. 
As the sun rose high, rays of sunshine filled the room with light and warmth. A new day had arrived. Joan stretched out like a cat and turned over to hug the person next to her, but all she could feel were sheets. 
Larry had dozed off at his desk after he was done with work the night before. Prickly feelings consumed her heart as she looked at his worn-out figure. 
I wonder if he’s angry about what happened last night. It must’ve drove him up the wall. She quickly walked out to put a blanket over Larry. 
At the sight of Joan, Delilah greeted, “Good morning, aren’t you early.” 
After a short pause, the woman added, “Oh, by the way, Caiden was here the whole night.”
###Chapter 2119
Chapter 2119 
“No, he left. It was late when he left, but he did,” Joan retorted immediately. 
Delilah shook her head, appalled at Joan’s cluelessness about his whereabouts. “You’re mistaken. He spent the night in his car parked right outside our house.” 
Joan dashed out of the house upon hearing that, and true enough, Caiden was there in his car. 
“Caiden!” she shouted as she rapped at the window, trying to wake him. It took a while, but Caiden finally stirred from his sleep. 
“Hey, Joan. Why are you up so early?” the man muttered as he rubbed the sleep from his eyes. 
Joan looked incredulously at the man in front of her. “Why are you sleeping here, Caiden?” 
“Oh, about that… “ Caiden replied sheepishly. “My car stalled last night.” 
Unbeknownst to Joan, he had planned for such an occurrence to happen. He had even checked his car before going to the hospital. 
Larry walked out in a huff after having heard the commotion. “What’s the matter?” he asked coldly. 
“Good morning, Mr. Norton. My car engine stalled last night, so I’d need to ask you for a ride.” 
Knowing how scheming Caiden was, Larry suspected it was all just an elaborate set up on the other man’s part. And from the looks of it, Caiden must have put in a lot of effort to pull it off so well. 
“Alright, get in then. I’m about to leave,” Larry stated while trying to hide the displeasure on his face.
Joan, who had been quietly observing the two men, felt there was something off about Larry, even though she couldn’t describe what it was. 
“Larry! You haven’t taken your breakfast!” Delilah shouted from inside the house. 
“I’m not eating. I have to go to work. There are some pressing matters to attend to.” 
Joan stayed rooted in her spot as she watched Larry drive off with Caiden in tow and soon found herself getting lost in her thoughts. 
Larry sped down the road, and Caiden wondered if the man was doing it on purpose or if he was really in a hurry to get to work. Regardless of his intention, Caiden was annoyed at him. 
“What’s the matter? Are you angry, Mr. Norton?” he piped up, a steely glint in his eyes. 
Larry was impressed that Caiden could pick up on the tell-tale signs that he was in a bad mood. What he couldn’t understand was how someone as smart as Caiden could be so devious and untrustworthy. 
Larry had had a burning question for the other man for a while now, so he decided not to beat around the bush anymore. “Caiden, what on earth are you trying to do?” 
Caiden turned and fixed him with a stare. “I like Joan,” he stated matter-of-factly. 
It was just three simple words, yet they made Larry’s blood boil. 
He braked the car and glowered at Caiden. “Let’s get this clear. Joan is married. She’s my wife and Lucius’s mother.” 
Upon hearing that, Caiden let out a conceited sneer.
Of course, he knew Joan was married, but that wasn’t going to stop him. He believed that as long as he loved her and was willing to do anything for her, she would one day choose to be with him. 
“Listen carefully, Larry. I don’t care if she’s married or not. I want to fight for her!” 
Larry was both annoyed and amused by Caiden’s declaration. What a joke! Has he gone mad, or has he not woken up from his dream to face reality? Why would he openly challenge me instead of keeping his desire to himself? 
“She won’t accept you, and neither will she leave me,” Larry replied resolutely. 
It was true that Joan wouldn’t accept Caiden for the time being. But who was to say what might happen in the future? Nobody could guarantee that things would always maintain the status quo, especially when the future held so many uncertainties and unknowns. 
“Larry, I’m only telling you this out of courtesy. What you choose to do after this is up to you. Anyways, I’ve reached my destination. Thanks for the ride.” 
As soon as Caiden got out of the car, Larry sped off, not wanting to see him for another second. What a total narcissist! 
Back at Norton Corporation, everyone was busy with work. They were either pounding away at their keyboards or going through the many documents strewn all over the tables. They looked frantic and worried, and it made it seem as if the company was fighting a crisis. And unfortunately for Larry, that was indeed the case. 
“Larry! You’re finally here,” Caspian shouted as he ran over.
###Chapter 2120
Chapter 2120 
“How are things looking now?” Larry asked as he hurriedly made his way into his office. 
“Things aren’t looking good… It’s as if they’ve all conspired against us. We’re now only left with a handful of small companies,” Caspian said gloomily. 
Never in his life had Larry ever expected the manufacturers to end their many years of working relationship with Norton Corporation. To make matters worse, it all happened so suddenly that he didn’t even see it coming. 
A company’s survival relied heavily on the support of its manufacturers. With Norton Corporation facing such a big crisis, it was no wonder the employees were all panic-stricken and miserable. Even though everyone seemed to be hard at work, many of them had already begun to look for other job options. 
“Have you found out why they have all stopped working with us?” 
Caspian lowered his head in silence, embarrassed that he hadn’t even been able to find anything about the matter after investigating it. 
“Whatever it is, spit it out now. Don’t stand there wasting time,” Larry chided while flipping through the many documents on his desk. 
“Larry, the manufacturing leaders have all disappeared all of a sudden. We’ve been looking for them since the day they stopped working with us, but… “ Caspian replied apologetically. 
Larry looked up immediately, his expression grim and solemn. 
He wondered what games the manufacturing company was trying to play. Was it not enough for them to end their working relationship that they even had to go missing? The more he thought about it, the
more he suspected there was more to it than met the eye. These manufacturers wouldn’t have the guts to quit working with Norton Corporation. There was definitely a mastermind behind this matter. Someone was pulling the strings in the dark. 
“What about the biggest manufacturer? You can’t find anyone to speak to?” 
“They’ve all left, unfortunately. I heard that their boss’s daughter will be coming back from abroad soon, though,” Caspian continued. 
Larry knew an opportunity when he saw one. And this was one he definitely had to grab. 
“Okay, I got it. I want you to track his daughter’s every move. Once you have any new information, let me know immediately.” With that, Larry gestured for Caspian to leave the room. 
The immense amount of stress had finally taken its toll on Larry as he felt a splitting headache coming on. He had just settled matters overseas, but now there were even more problems to tackle. He was so exhausted from it all that he no longer cared about the conversation he had previously had with Caiden. 
Caiden was, at that time, seated on his sofa and scrolling through his tablet. Every so often, his lips would curl into a smile. 
“Oh my, what is this? Why are you smiling to yourself there?” Jaden asked. “And why didn’t you come home last night? Were you with Joan? But wait… Isn’t she already married?” 
Caiden ignored his friend as he continued to play on his tablet. 
Even though he had previously gone overboard with his words, they had been friends for so long, and Caiden’s parents had even entrusted their son to Jaden. There was no way Jaden would leave him that easily.
He threw a pillow at Caiden to get his attention. “Hey! I asked you a question. What are you thinking about?” 
“I helped her with a small favor, and she got me to stay for dinner. Unfortunately, my car stalled when I was about to leave,” Caiden explained nonchalantly. 
Tsk! That was all? Jaden shot him a dirty look. 
He had expected juicier and more exciting news, yet it turned out to be as boring as watching paint dry. 
“Have you eaten anything? If not, what would you like?” 
Before Caiden could answer, Noelle’s voice rang out from out of the blue and interrupted their conversation. “Caiden! Open the door!” 
Because of his company’s crisis, Larry had been cooped up in his office recently. There was so much he had to handle that he couldn’t even find time to head home. Even though Joan and Delilah had called him several times, he rejected their calls again and again. 
Larry had a lot of pride in himself and didn’t want to burden anyone else with his problems. More importantly, he didn’t want his family to see him in such a pathetic state. 
Caspian knew Larry was tired and frustrated and could also imagine how worried his family must be for him. “You should head home, Larry. Joan was so worried about you not being home for a week that she called me yesterday.” 
“It’s okay. Let me finish up things here first,” Larry replied without even looking up at him.
###Chapter 2121
Chapter 2121 
Larry didn’t want to waste time going to and fro his office. Staying put to settle everything at one go was a much more efficient method. 
But because of that, Caiden saw the opportunity to barge into Joan’s life. 
Delilah’s recovery was going very well, to the point where she could now move around freely, much to Joan’s relief. It was Larry she was worried about now. 
Delilah realized how increasingly worried Joan had become and tried to comfort her. “Joan, I know Larry has been busy these few days. After all, Norton Corporation isn’t a small company. There’s bound to be a lot more work to do.” 
Of course, Joan knew this better than anyone else. What she couldn’t understand was what had brought about the drastic change in Larry’s attitude. In the past, no matter how busy he was, he would always call her to let her know about anything he was being troubled with. 
“Why don’t you buy some new clothes for Lucius? It’s about time he got something new to wear,” Delilah suddenly suggested. 
Her suggestion was birthed from the concern she had for Joan. The woman didn’t want Joan getting sick with worry. Delilah needed an excuse to get her out of the house for some much-needed fresh air. Besides, with Gabriella out of the country, it should be safer for the woman to be out and about. 
Joan agreed without any hesitation and soon left for the mall. 
The mall was bustling with activity, yet Joan felt so lonely amongst the crowd.
She used to have Larry or Nancy accompany her on her shopping sprees, but since they couldn’t be with her now, she had to do it all by her lonesome self. 
“Mommy, I want to eat that marshmallow!” a little girl exclaimed while tugging at the shirt of the woman beside her. 
“Be good, darling. You’ve already had a sweet, haven’t you? Too many sweets aren’t good for you,” the woman replied as she planted a kiss on the girl’s forehead. 
“Daddy, I want to eat a marshmallow!” 
“Okay, okay, I’ll get it for you,” the man said with a smile as he ruffled his daughter’s hair. 
Before the mother could protest, the father had returned with two marshmallows in hand. 
“Here. This one is for my darling daughter. And the other one’s for my darling wife.” 
The family of three was aglow with happiness as they laughed and ate the sweet treat with a huge grin on their faces. They weren’t dressed to the nines, but the smiles on their faces were warm and genuine. 
Joan observed them silently from the side, a twinge of envy creeping over her. 
Now that she thought about it, it had been quite some time since she last shopped or went out on a date with Larry. The only times they had together were spent at home with Lucius. 
She was still in a daze when she suddenly heard someone call out her name. 
“Caiden? What are you doing here?” she asked, clearly taken aback by his sudden appearance. 
“I’m here to shop for a tie. Are you here to buy clothes too?” Caiden asked as he looked intently at her.
“Oh, yes. I’m here to get Lucius some new clothes.” 
Joan wondered if her loneliness had gotten the better of her. In the past, she would be reluctant to interact with Caiden. But today, even she was shocked at how friendly she was toward him. She knew she was probably looking for someone to fill the emptiness that Larry had given her. Caiden just happened to appear in her time of need. 
“Did Larry not come with you? Don’t the two of you usually go shopping together? What a rare chance to see you being out alone,” Caiden probed. 
What she didn’t know was that he was well aware of Larry’s situation. He had already heard about what happened to Norton Corporation. Even though he didn’t know who was behind it, Caiden wanted to thank the mastermind for providing him with such a perfect opportunity to get closer to Joan. 
“Well, Larry has been very busy recently, so… “ Joan’s voice trailed off as she lowered her head in embarrassment. 
Seeing her being this helpless and lonely brought a glint to Caiden’s eye. 
“That’s alright. I’ll accompany you! I don’t have anything on today anyway. Let’s go! Let’s get Lucius some new clothes,” he said, pulling her along with him. 
Before Joan could protest, he had already brought her into a fashion boutique. 
He began browsing the clothes in the boutique and pointed at a pair of overalls. “Look at this, Joan. Doesn’t it suit Lucius? I think it’s pretty good.”
###Chapter 2122
Chapter 2122 
“Lucius is a boy though, should he really be wearing overalls?” Joan reluctantly replied. 
“It’s because he’s a boy that all the more we should let him wear overalls. Wearing them while he’s young would make him look so much more energetic. It won’t be the same when he gets older, though.” 
After a long discussion, Joan finally gave in to Caiden’s persuasion and bought the piece of clothing. 
“Oh, what about this? This looks good too. No harm trying… “ Caiden babbled on. 
“What’s happening? Isn’t Joan’s husband Larry? What’s she doing here with another man?” 
“Who knows? The two of them look close, though.” 
“Oh my, do you think Joan’s cheating on Larry?” 
Nearby, a few of the sales staff were gossiping amongst themselves while throwing looks at Caiden and Joan from time to time. 
“Alright, just these then. He’d have more than enough to wear. Let’s go,” Joan said as she hauled her shopping bags to the cashier. 
The clothes she picked out weren’t cheap, but thinking about how good Lucius would look in them brought a smile to her face. For him, any amount was worth it. Just as she was about to hand her credit card to the cashier, Caiden pushed her aside. 
“Use my card,” he ordered firmly.
The cashier was taken aback by the scene unfolding in front of her and looked back and forth at the two of them, eyes fleeting. Even though Joan hadn’t frequented this boutique, she used to visit the mall very often. She was such a frequent visitor that everyone in the mall knew who she was. They even knew that she was Larry’s wife and a good friend of Nancy’s. 
“Caiden, what are you doing? I can’t use your card!” Joan rushed forward and tried to push him away, only to fall into his arms when he stepped back. 
The sales staff in the boutique all went wide-eyed with shock. 
“Oh my god, let go of me! People are going to get the wrong idea!” Joan yelped as she pounded his chest. 
“Don’t be a stranger, Joan. Lucius likes me too, so what’s wrong with me wanting to dote on him? It’s perfectly normal to buy him clothes, isn’t it?” Caiden remarked as he let go of her and flashed a charming smile at the sales staff. 
“Yes! That’s right!” the sales staff chimed in, clearly smitten by his irresistible charm. 
During the car ride home, Joan kept her head down. She was silent, but her eyes were filled with anxiety. Caiden, on the other hand, was humming away happily as he drove. 
“Caiden!” Joan suddenly looked up and fixed her steely gaze on him. 
When he saw the burning intensity in his eyes, he immediately pulled his car over. 
“I have to pay you back for Lucius’s clothes,” she said, her tone serious and determined. If anyone were to turn her down at this point, there was no doubt she’d fly into a rage.
That wasn’t a problem for Caiden, though. He had never been afraid of Joan blowing her top. Instead, he looked forward to it rather much. 
He strongly believed that women revealed their true selves only when they were throwing a temper, which was why he was so excited for this moment. 
“What are you talking about, Joan? It wasn’t a lot of clothes, so I didn’t spend much at all. But if you feel bad about it, you can buy me clothes in return next time.” Caiden grinned cheekily. 
Joan pondered his suggestion silently before grudgingly deciding it was a fair trade. After that exchange, she looked out the window and was once again drawn into her own thoughts. 
Even if I pay him back now, he’d never accept it, so why not use the same amount to buy him clothes. That’d be a win-win situation for all of us. 
Yes. Let’s do that! Joan finally heaved a sigh of relief and looked much more at ease after coming to a conclusion. 
Caiden had noticed the change in Joan’s expression and was amused at how innocent she was. 
If Larry were to find out about this in the future, he was sure it would only result in more misunderstandings. 
The thought of Larry suddenly made Caiden feel a little sorry for him. The paths he took in his business and love life were both fraught with dangers. Nothing seemed to be going his way, and nobody would want to be in his position.
###Chapter 2123
Chapter 2123 
“Larry, you should have some breakfast. Otherwise, your body won’t be able to function at its best,” Caspian reminded as he placed the food in front of him. 
It had been a few days since Larry had slept at home. He had resorted to taking naps in his office before waking up to continue with work. 
The issue at hand was far too tricky, and he barely had time for meals. If it weren’t for the reminders from Caspian and his assistant, he would have forgotten when to eat or when to knock off. 
“Take it away. I don’t have any appetite,” Larry muttered while rubbing his temples in a bid to make himself more awake. 
“Hey, you’ve been like this for days now. I’m worried about you.” Caspian looked at the other man in concern. 
“I’m fine. How’s the manufacturer’s daughter? Has she come back?” Larry asked. He had a plan in mind and was counting on the woman to return to get it started. 
“No. But I heard her flight’s tomorrow.” 
Upon hearing that, relief washed over Larry. He was going to do everything within his power to get his biggest manufacturer back. After exchanging a few more words and again reminding Larry to take care of himself, Caspian left the office. 
Larry turned his gaze to his phone lying silently on the table. He picked it up and scrolled through, only to realize there were countless missed calls from Joan.
An instant wave of guilt came over him as he thought about his family. He hadn’t been back in a while now, and he wondered how they were coping in his absence. 
After much hesitation, he finally decided to head home to check on them. It was the only way to put his mind at ease. 
“Good morning, Mr. Norton!” 
“Morning! Mr. Norton!” 
He had only just stepped out of the building when the employees of Norton Corporation started filing in one by one and greeting him enthusiastically. 
“Have you heard? Mrs. Norton was seen shopping with another man. I think they were shopping for children’s’ clothes… “ 
“Seriously? I hope not. Mr. Norton has been toiling at work for his family. How could Mrs. Norton do something like this?” 
“Who knows. Sometimes when women get too lonely, they throw caution to the wind and… “ 
Larry immediately stopped in his tracks when he heard his employees gossip among themselves. 
Joan, what have you done now? He raised his head to the sky, closed his eyes, and took in a deep breath. 
With everything happening at work and home, it was no surprise that Larry’s anxiety had gone through the roof. All he could do now was try to calm his nerves as he headed home to see his wife. 
Meanwhile, Joan was also tossing and turning in bed, too high-strung to fall asleep.
Why hasn’t he come home? Why isn’t he picking up my calls? The more she thought, the more worried she grew. Is there so much to do at work that he just couldn’t come home, not even for one night? But he has been busy before, and he still made it home, didn’t he? 
Or maybe… 
Joan’s eyes darkened as she thought of the worst-case scenario. Larry, if this is because there’s another woman, I’m not going to let you off! Rage boiled inside her as she clenched her fists tight. 
All of a sudden, she heard the door to their room open, causing her to sit up immediately. 
“You’re awake?” Larry asked after a simple greeting. 
He was so exhausted; all he wanted was to have a good sleep. 
“Why haven’t you been back in so many days? I’ve missed you to death,” Joan asked, her voice a little upset and whiny. 
Oh, she missed me? Is that why she went shopping with another man? Larry looked at his wife, his gaze a mix of sadness and exhaustion. 
“Larry, what’s wrong? Are you too tired?” Joan asked as she massaged his shoulders. 
“Yes, a little. I’m going to sleep for a bit.” With that, he got into bed and fell asleep. 
Seeing him in such an exhausted state broke Joan’s heart. 
What has happened to the company? What could be so serious that he couldn’t come home for days? If he wasn’t going to tell her, she was going to have to find out herself. With her mind made up, she took her phone and left the room to make a call.
“Hello, Dustin? Has the company run into some problems?” she asked anxiously. 
“Yes. A few manufacturers recently called it quits with Norton Corporation, including the biggest one that had the longest working relationship with them. But don’t worry. Larry’s handling it. I’m sure he’ll resolve it soon.”
###Chapter 2124
Chapter 2124 
Now that she had gotten the whole story, Joan was at a loss for words. 
A sense of guilt washed over her almost immediately. It had been so many days, but instead of finding out what had happened with the company, she still flooded him with daily calls. She felt as if she had only been adding to his burden. 
After exchanging some pleasantries, the two of them ended the call. 
Dustin stood at the window as he looked at the cars go by downstairs, his eyes blazed with menace. 
He was the mastermind behind it all, determined to bring down Larry and the entire Norton Corporation. It was the next best option since Dustin couldn’t become the largest shareholder and have Larry at his beck and call. 
Larry, get ready to kiss your precious company goodbye! 
His thoughts were disturbed when Jory suddenly entered the room. “You were looking for me?” 
“Oh, you’re here early. It’s nothing much. I just wanted to have a little chat with you.” Dustin smiled. 
At that, Jory eyed the man in front of him suspiciously. He knew Dustin wanted to talk to him for a reason, and with every passing minute, the man got even more intrigued. 
He was fairly certain Dustin was up to no good again. 
“Out with it. What do you want from me?” Jory asked. 
Dustin raised his eyebrows, impressed. Only someone like Jory would be able to discern his motive right away.
“I’ve got the contacts of a few manufacturers. They’ve just quit working with Norton Corporation, so I was thinking of recommending them to you… “ 
After some time, Larry finally opened his eyes. He wasn’t sure how much time had passed until he realized it was already dark out. 
After a full day of much-needed sleep, the man had finally regained his vigor. 
“Are you up? Come have some food,” Joan urged while still being busy in the kitchen. 
“Something smells so good, Mom! I love your cooking!” Lucius exclaimed as he ran out of his room excitedly. 
Larry looked at the enthusiastic little boy and was a little surprised. 
“Lucius, have you bought new clothes?” 
He seethed as he thought back to the employees gossiping earlier that morning. 
“Yes, Dad. Caiden bought these just for me!” 
A kid’s world was always so much simpler. Lucius had no idea about the repercussions of his words, but Joan trembled upon hearing it. 
She knew Larry wouldn’t be happy about it, so she hurriedly explained, “About that, I was shopping when I bumped into Caiden. He was also there to buy stuff, so we ended up shopping together… “ 
And then she let Caiden buy clothes for Lucius? Larry eyed his wife suspiciously, feeling a little upset. 
In the past, she never accepted anyone’s gifts, especially if they were from other men. So… Why did she make an exception for Caiden now?
The tension would have gotten worse if not for Delilah suddenly walking in. “Larry? When did you get back? I haven’t seen you in days.” 
Delilah’s recovery was well on track, and she could even leave the house now. She had been spending most of her time outside in the garden tending to her plants, so she hadn’t paid much attention to Larry and Joan. However, she did know that Larry hadn’t been home in a long while now. 
“Work has been pretty hectic these days, Ms. Young.” 
Delilah looked at both Larry and Joan, the air around them dripping with awkwardness and tension. She could more or less guess what was happening between the two of them. 
“You should have said so earlier! I’d have gotten Joan to bring you clean clothes. You haven’t been home for so many days. I’m sure you must stink by now,” she joked, trying to break the tension. 
Joan was overcome with embarrassment upon hearing her words. 
Larry hadn’t been home in so many days, yet she had never once gone to the office to check on him. There was no denying that she hadn’t done her part as a wife. 
“No need for that. I’m sure Joan has been busy too,” Larry replied in a low voice. 
“I’m hungry, Mom. Can you hurry?” Lucius whispered, interrupting the conversation. 
“Yes, of course. This is your rice, Lucius. Be good and finish all your food, so you’ll have the energy to finish your homework,” Joan instructed gently as she patted her son’s head.
###Chapter 2125
Chapter 2125 
“I will! Caiden said the same thing too! I’m going to grow up big and strong to protect Mom and Grandma!” the young boy exclaimed, enthusiasm lacing his voice. 
A cold glint flashed in Larry’s eyes. 
Even Lucius had been bringing up Caiden more and more often. 
Sensing the mood around them going from bad to worse, Delilah hurriedly shushed the child. “Alright, that’s enough, Lucius. Hurry up and finish your food. You’ve still got homework to do.” 
Even though she was having dinner with her own family, Joan felt inexplicable anxiety growing inside her. 
Is he angry? Did he misunderstand my relationship with Caiden? Is he going to leave again soon? Joan picked at her food, lost in her thoughts. 
“What’s wrong, Mom? Are you unhappy? Did somebody bully you? Don’t worry. Dad and I will protect you!” Lucius exclaimed. 
Larry looked up and held Joan’s gaze, but his eyes didn’t hold their usual spark. 
“It’s nothing. I think Mom is just tired today. Here, Lucius, eat more of this meat. You want to grow up big and strong, don’t you?” Joan glanced at Larry and smiled, but the man just ignored her. 
Delilah, having witnessed everything, felt her own cheeks flush in embarrassment for Joan. She couldn’t take it anymore and lightly kicked Larry under the table. 
The man looked at Delilah in confusion, wondering why she was behaving as such.
Without saying anything, she coughed and tilted her head toward Joan. 
“Ms. Young, are you okay?” Larry asked out of concern. 
Delilah was stunned by his nonchalant response. What? What the hell is this? Was I not obvious enough? Larry, you dummy. I wanted you to say something nice to Joan! 
“Oh, I’m fine. I’m full now, so I shall go back to my room to rest,” Delilah muttered as she got up to leave the dining room. 
She never used to see her dining room as small, but now, it was starting to feel like so. 
“Dad, I’ve missed you so much when you weren’t home. Luckily Caiden was around. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have anyone to take me to my school’s tree planting event,” Lucius said as he wolfed down big mouthfuls of food. 
Caiden this, Caiden that! I’ve had enough! Larry placed his cutlery down, his fists clenching tightly as anger and jealousy flashed in his eyes. 
Joan grew even more flustered when Lucius uttered those words. 
“I called you many times, but you didn’t pick up. Caiden happened to be around, so he took Lucius to the tree planting event. The school only allowed fathers to go. That’s why I couldn’t go,” Joan carefully explained as she looked at her husband. 
So? Has she, Lucius, and Caiden gotten even closer? Larry scoffed at the thought. 
His wife had been out shopping with another man who had bought clothes for his son. His son let another man take him to school events in his place. The more he thought about the entire situation, the more laughable it was to him.
I didn’t pick up the phone? Couldn’t she have gone straight to the office? No matter how busy work is or how bad things are, I’ve never let my child down! 
Excuses! Everything is just a whole load of excuses! The longer he stayed in the room, the more he felt his blood boil. 
“I’m done eating. I’m going back to the office tonight and won’t be coming back.” With that, Larry stood up and left the dining room without looking back. 
With Delilah and Larry gone, Joan and Lucius were the only ones left at the dining table. The young boy remained blissfully unaware of the storm that had just come through. Joan, on the other hand, was devastated. 
“Mom, is Dad unhappy?” Lucius suddenly asked. 
Yes, Lucius. Very much so. 
“No. Of course he isn’t. Your father just has a lot to deal with these days. Come on, try the food I made. Let me know if you like them.” 
Lucius looked in the direction that his father had left in, his eyes filled with disappointment. 
He had wanted to play games with his father, but it was too late to let him know now.
###Chapter 2126
Chapter 2126 
“Everything’s ready, Larry. Shall we set off now?” Caspian asked softly. 
Larry cracked his neck, his eyes once again filled with tiredness. He walked to the window and surveyed his surroundings before letting out a deep breath. 
Without any hesitation, he grabbed his phone and strode out of his office. “Let’s go!” 
The airport seemed busier than usual. Thanks to the glorious weather, everyone seemed to be in a cheerier mood. There were many heartwarming sights of people hugging and kissing. 
And then there was Larry, looking stoic and cold. 
“Larry, shall we go over to the waiting area?” Caspian suggested. 
“There’ll be no need for that. She’ll be out soon.” 
Caspian felt mildly embarrassed as he looked at the many couples behaving intimately in front of them. But since Larry didn’t want to move, he had no choice but to stay rooted in his spot. 
At long last, the woman in the photo finally showed up. Larry looked a little domineering as he marched up to her with his hands in his pockets. He stood there, blocking her way. 
The woman took off her shades slowly and eyed Larry curiously. 
Wow, this man sure is good looking! He’s got high cheekbones and a strong jawline. And despite looking cool and distant, he still radiates a gentlemanly charm. 
“Nice to meet you. I’m Jessica Zimmer. And you are?” She held her hand out as she introduced herself.
Caspian was taken aback by her reaction. He had expected her to kick up a fuss and run. Never had he expected her to take the initiative to greet Larry. 
Larry went straight to the point, his tone polite. “Nice to meet you too, Ms. Zimmer. I’m Larry Norton. Are you free today? I’d like to buy you a meal if you are.” 
Jessica remembered her father instructing her not to come back for the time being. Apparently, something had happened in the company, and he wanted her to stay overseas until things blew over. Alas, she had to come back to attend her friend’s wedding. She just never expected Larry to show up this soon at the airport. 
“Mr. Norton? Sure, it’d be my pleasure to have a meal with you,” Jessica replied, her platform heels clicking against the floor tiles as she moved to walk out. 
“Before that, however, I’ll have to make a trip home first to put my luggage.” 
Larry found her requests reasonable and had no problem acceding to them. 
Silence filled the car as Jessica looked out of the window, pretending to be deep in thought. 
She was curious to find out what kind of a character Larry was, who had frightened her father so much that he had to leave the country. 
“Ms. Zimmer, what would you like to eat? I’ll get them prepared for you,” Larry said. 
He never liked wasting time and would prefer to have everything prepared beforehand. Besides, he didn’t even like this woman. So all the more, he wouldn’t want to waste any more time on her. 
“Well, I don’t know yet. We’ll see when we get there. I feel like sleeping now. I’m a little tired,” Jessica remarked, faking a yawn.
This woman is no fool. She’s playing games with us! Caspian looked straight ahead with a scowl. 
Forget it. I will Larry handle this. 
“No worries. I’ll wait for you. You can catch up on some sleep first,” Larry replied slowly. 
“That’s good. But I wonder where you’d like to wait for me, Mr. Norton? Would it be at my house, or…” Jessica’s voice trailed off as she turned to look at Larry suggestively. 
“I’ll send you home so you can rest. You can give me a call when you wake up. We’ll then have that meal I promised you.” 
Is that how it’ll be? What a dull man! Jessica intentionally let out a sigh, a hint of disappointment in her eyes. 
“I thought you’d want to wait at my house,” she whined. 
Caspian immediately knew what she was trying to get at, and a fresh swell of rage rose in him. 
Clearing his throat, Caspian cut in, “Oh yeah, Larry, Joan called earlier to remind you about Lucius’s parent-teacher conference.” 
Larry was stunned for a split second but quickly recovered. 
“Drive!” he bellowed. Even though she was in the backseat, Jessica had heard their conversation clearly and was a little upset by it. 
Before long, the car pulled up in front of a luxurious villa. 
“That will be all for today. Thank you, Mr. Norton.” With that, Jessica got out of the car and turned to walk away.
###Chapter 2127
Chapter 2127 
“Ms. Zimmer, hold on. This is my name card. Call me after you wake up. I’m sure you know very well that there’s no one I can’t find in this world,” Larry said in an icy voice. 
Of course the woman grasped the meaning behind his words, but the dominance in his tone only served to further pique her interest in him. 
“Alright. I’ll call you immediately after I wake up.” She gently patted Larry’s back and left. 
Staring at the woman as she made her way into the villa, a hint of disdain flickered across Caspian’s features. 
“Larry, I don’t think that woman is as simple as she looks,” he warned. 
Indeed. It’s only our first meeting, but the way she carried herself in conversation makes her seem like a woman who has seen a lot in life. 
After barely a few minutes on the road, Larry’s ringtone blared through the car. 
Glancing at the unknown number flashing across his phone screen, the man furrowed his brows and immediately declined the call. 
However, the caller was persistent. Larry felt like his phone would ring forever if he didn’t pick it up. 
“Hello?” A hint of impatience laced Larry’s voice. 
“Oh my, Mr. Norton. What’s the matter with you? You were the one who gave me your name card. Why didn’t you answer my calls earlier?” Jessica drawled in a lazy tone. 
It’s her.
“My apologies, Ms. Zimmer. I thought you were asleep,” Larry explained in a low voice. 
In fact, he had already guessed that Jessica was the one calling. He simply hadn’t felt like answering it. 
“Now, now. Are you saying I can only call you after I wake up? That won’t do. I’ll miss you.” Larry felt nauseated by her suggestive words. 
Here we go again. Caspian sighed next to him while shaking his head. 
What’s wrong with women nowadays? Why do they keep pestering a man who clearly has a wife and child? First, it was Gabriella. Now, it’s Jessica Zimmer! It never ends, does it? Worried, Caspian drummed his fingers on the steering wheel as he drove. 
“Alright, Ms. Zimmer. You should get some rest now. I have some matters to attend to, so it’s not a very good time for us to talk,” Larry hinted. 
Jessica was no fool. Of course she could hear the underlying meaning in his words, so she ended the call after conversing with him for a while. 
This man is really interesting. Jessica stared at the ceiling as she lay in bed, a sly smile forming on her lips. 
“Where are we headed to, Larry?” Caspian queried. 
“Back to the company. We’ll look for other potential manufacturers,” Larry replied curtly. 
“But, Larry. I thought we already…” 
“Keep looking. I want to find an even more suitable one!” he commanded with a frown. If possible, he wanted to refrain from interacting with other women.
Truth be told, he had two strings to his bow. However, he couldn’t recklessly give up either party before everything was confirmed. 
“How’s it going?” he asked Caspian with a serious expression. 
“I’ve found one, but the boss is a very difficult man. He isn’t all that interested in collaborating with domestic companies, so I think it might be a long shot,” Caspian swiftly replied. 
Larry had heard about a foreign manufacturer with strict requirements for its partner companies. It was precisely because of the company’s failure to reach an agreement with them that prompted the shareholders to relentlessly search for domestic manufacturers to partner up with instead. At that time, Larry hadn’t taken over Norton Corporation yet. 
Larry’s eyes shone with resolution. “We must seal the deal with them. Him alone as our partner will be more than enough.” 
“Then what about Jessica Zimmer? Should we stop following up with her?” Caspian asked curiously. 
“No. We should still establish a good relationship with her. Before we can collaborate with a foreign manufacturer, we should first have a good relationship with the local people in this business.” Larry sat down on the sofa beside him and lit a cigarette as he spoke. 
Surprise flashed across Caspian’s face when he saw this. In the past – unless he was really worried – Larry seldom smoked. Seeing how he just expertly lit the cigarette, he probably smokes every day now, doesn’t he?
###Chapter 2128
Chapter 2128 
“Larry, don’t smoke so often. It’s bad for your body,” Caspian advised out of goodwill. 
“It’s fine. Don’t think about such petty things and just focus on your work. I want all the information there is on that manufacturer. Find out every single detail,” Larry ordered. 
Meanwhile, Jessica was tossing and turning in bed, unable to fall asleep. All she could think about was Larry. 
What is he doing now? I acted frivolously on purpose during our first meeting. Would he misunderstand? She frowned, a thoughtful look taking residence on her face. 
You know what? I’ll just give him a call now. 
In the office, Larry was sitting at his desk, busy looking through some documents. Although his phone had been ringing on the sofa for quite some time, he didn’t look up once. 
In the entire company building, his office was the only one with the lights still on. The security personnel by the entrance yawned sleepily, eyes struggling to stay on guard. 
“Hey, isn’t Mr. Norton leaving yet?” one of them asked in a hushed voice. 
“Don’t you know? Mr. Norton has been working overtime every day recently. He sleeps in the office every night,” another security guard answered. 
“It must be hard on him. Here he is, working so tirelessly, yet his wife had the audacity to go out with another man. I can only imagine how he feels.”
“Watch what you say. Mrs. Norton loves Mr. Norton very much, and vice versa. Don’t listen to all those baseless rumors.” 
Both security guards began gossiping by the company entrance. 
Ever since news of Joan and Caiden shopping together spread in Norton Corporation, it had become a hot topic the employees discussed in their free time. Of course, they made sure to do it when Larry wasn’t around. 
A short distance away, Joan was carrying a paper bag in her hand. When she heard the two security guards’ discussion, her expression turned slightly awkward. 
Even the security guards know about this. How could he not misunderstand the situation? 
He’s probably too busy. That’s why he hasn’t had the time to confront me about it. 
Or does he trust me that much? Joan bowed her head, her eyes gleaming with conflict. 
After straightening her clothes, she resumed her stride. 
“Mrs. Norton.” 
The security guards gave her a small bow in greeting. 
“Thank you for your hard work.” With that, Joan walked past them. 
In the office, Larry kept massaging his temples, trying to keep himself awake, but he still ended up sprawled on the desk. 
Joan entered his office without knocking and noticed that he had fallen asleep on his desk. 
Look at how tired this man is. She picked up the blanket from the sofa and gently draped it over him.
Ding! 
When Joan heard his phone ring on the sofa, she immediately went over, thinking of bringing it to Larry, but right before the screen went dark again, she saw something she shouldn’t have. 
It was a message from Jessica, and its content was thought-provoking. 
I must’ve gotten it wrong. Larry would never betray me! Joan mentally reassured herself. 
After placing the paper bag on the table, she glanced longingly at Larry but eventually turned to leave in the end. 
Well before Larry woke up the next morning, there was already another person in his office. 
No wonder he didn’t answer any of my calls or reply to my messages. How could he have heard his phone ring from so far away? Jessica slowly picked up the phone from the sofa to look at it. I knew it. He didn’t read any of my messages. 
Right then, Larry pried his eyes open and grunted as he thumped his fist against his stiff shoulder. 
“Oh, you’re awake, Mr. Norton,” Jessica teased. 
Larry was completely caught off guard, but he immediately schooled his features into neutrality. 
“Why are you here?” he questioned in a calm voice. 
Why? To see you, of course. I’ve never fallen in love at first sight, but there’s always a first for everything. 
You should feel honored, Mr. Norton. Jessica smirked at the thought.
“Is there something you need from me?” Larry raised his head to level their gazes. 
“Can’t I come just because I want to? You seem to find me annoying, Mr. Norton.” Jessica sounded him out purposely, trying to push his buttons to get a reaction out of him. 
Rather than finding her annoying, Larry merely didn’t wish to see her. To be more precise, he didn’t wish to see her so regularly. 
Larry didn’t mince his words. “If it’s a work-related issue, we can sit down and have a proper discussion. If it’s a private matter, however, I’m afraid I can’t entertain you. I’m very busy right now.”
###Chapter 2129
Chapter 2129 
Does he have to be so serious? Jessica’s initial good mood was immediately ruined, and she pouted unhappily. 
Sure enough, Larry threw himself back to work soon after. Jessica sat on the sofa and stared straight at the man not far away from her, feeling dissatisfied. 
“Hey, you haven’t eaten yet, have you? Let’s go for breakfast together then,” she tried again. 
“No, thank you. I’m not hungry,” he flatly refused. 
Jessica suddenly noticed the paper bag on the table. 
“What’s this?” She brought the paper bag over. Larry glanced at it and came to a sudden realization. 
Joan came here last night? He peered into the paper bag to see all of his favorite food. 
Snatching up his phone, he immediately dialed her number but hung up after merely two seconds. 
It’s too early. She’s probably not awake yet, right? Forget it. I’ll call her a little later. Larry dropped his phone back on the desk. 
“Can I try some?” Jessica asked in a small voice. 
“Sure,” Larry replied succinctly, then brought some over to her before returning to his desk and continue flipping through some documents. 
“Mm, it’s quite delicious. Who made these for you?” she prodded.
In truth, she already had her suspicions. She could practically taste the love in the food. Who else could have cooked this besides his wife? 
“My wife.” Larry’s response came immediately, a smile playing on his lips. 
So what if he’s married? That puny fact is not going to stop me! Jessica’s eyes gleamed with determination. 
“Ms. Zimmer, if you’re free tonight, I’m not against having a meal together,” Larry suggested out of the blue. 
Since he couldn’t escape this, he thought he might as well take the initiative and settle his business matters first. 
Jessica smiled imperceptibly while seated on the sofa. It’s about time. 
“Sure, no problem. In that case, I’ll take my leave first. Call me once you’re done with work.” With that, she left his office. 
Finally, she’s gone! Larry breathed a sigh of relief. He could clearly tell that this woman’s motives towards him weren’t pure. 
“Larry, what was she doing here?” Caspian grumbled as soon as he pushed open the door. 
Larry wore a bored expression as he flatly replied, “She has too much free time on her hands.” 
Is that really it? She came to Norton Corporation so early in the morning just because she had some free time on her hands? 
“Larry, you seriously need to be on your guard. Gabriella may be gone, but here comes another one. I just have a bad feeling about Jessica,” Caspian warned.
At the mention of Gabriella, Larry wondered as to how she had been able to register a company abroad. He found it hard to believe that a woman who had been kicked out of the family could achieve such success in a foreign country. 
Dismissing those thoughts, he announced casually, “I’ll be going out for dinner tonight.” 
With that Jessica woman? Larry’s statement made Caspian’s hackles rise, and a frown formed between the latter’s brows. 
“Yes, it’s with Jessica, so focus all your energy on looking into that foreign manufacturer. This way, we won’t have to communicate with that woman unless completely necessary,” Larry explained before Caspian could speak. 
Caspian understood his intention. Hence, he didn’t dare to let down his guard either. 
Larry hadn’t eaten a proper meal for the entire day, so he finished every last bit of the food Joan had brought over the previous night. 
The sky gradually darkened. If it weren’t for Caspian’s timely reminder, Larry would still be buried in his work. 
“Larry, please be careful tonight,” Caspian said in a solemn tone, glancing at the man beside him with a gaze that matched. 
Larry released a chuckle. Why does he make it sound so serious? Jessica did seem like an open- minded person, but she was quite the opposite on the inside. Although she had portrayed herself as a charming woman during their first meeting, Larry couldn’t brush off the feeling that she was hiding something behind that facade. 
As for why she would do that, only Jessica herself could answer that question.
“Don’t worry. Everything will be fine.” Larry straightened his clothes before getting down from the car. 
The lights were dim in the restaurant, with the smell of roses permeating the air. Besides the mellow music playing in the background, it was otherwise quiet. Larry strode in at a languid pace, causing the waitress to squeal inwardly as she drank in the sight of him. Upon spotting him, Jessica stood up to wave at him.
###Chapter 2130
Chapter 2130 
Larry nodded brusquely at her. “You’re early.” 
“I just arrived as well,” she claimed, then added, “I ordered spaghetti for you. I hope that’s fine with you? You can order something else if you want.” 
She had already found out everything there was to know about him. 
Larry liked to eat spaghetti but rarely ate steak. Jessica already knew all of his preferences well before coming to this restaurant. 
Larry raised his head to look at her, his eyes gleaming with an unreadable expression. “That’s very thoughtful of you.” 
How could I not be? You’re the man I’ve set my sights on, after all. 
“Ms. Zimmer, I think you should know why I called you out and what I’m here to talk about, so I won’t beat around the bush. Your father and I used to work together, and for a very long time, if I might add. But for some reason, he recently terminated our contract and has since vanished into thin air. I’d like to know why…” Larry started. 
He had a steely look on his face, and his tone was stern, but to Jessica, he still looked as charming as ever. She stared blankly at him and gradually fell into a daze. 
A heartbeat later, Larry waved his hand in front of her face. “Ms. Zimmer? Are you listening to me?” 
“Huh? Oh, sorry. I spaced out for a while. You were saying something about my father terminating the contract with Norton Corporation? Well, I don’t know much about company matters. My father was
always the one who handled everything. Besides, I’ve been studying abroad all these years. I’m sure you know this too, Mr. Norton.” Jessica blinked innocently. 
Of course, he knew all of this, but what he needed to know right then was her father’s whereabouts. 
“Do you know where your father is now? I need to speak with him. Even if we can’t continue working together, he should at least give me an explanation, don’t you agree?” Larry stated, reining in his temper as much as he could. 
When he phrased it like that, there was no way to refute it, but Jessica genuinely didn’t know why her father had suddenly terminated their contract. 
After all, Norton Corporation was a large company in this city. Moreover, it possessed great potential and was currently showing promising results. Hence, she, too, was surprised that her father would pull out of their collaboration out of the blue. 
“Mr. Norton, to be honest, I don’t know where he is either. I called him before returning to the country, but he told me not to come back. As for the reason, he didn’t say. You saw it the other day yourself. Other than me, there was no one else at home. Even the housemaids weren’t around,” Jessica remarked rather pitifully. 
How’s that possible? She’s his own daughter. Larry eyed the woman in front of him skeptically as doubt filled him. 
Jessica wore a serious expression as she said, “I understand why you might find it hard to believe me, but I’m telling you the truth. My dad never really talked about these things with my mom and I…” 
Larry still found it hard to believe everything the woman had said.
He could understand if she didn’t know the reason he stopped working with Norton Corporation. She was still a student after all, and not to mention, a girl. However, he didn’t believe for a second that she didn’t know where her own father was. 
What father would abandon his own daughter like that? It’s simply absurd. 
“Ms. Zimmer, think about it carefully. Do you really not know where your father is? If that’s the case, I’ll have to think of some other ways,” Larry scowled coldly. 
He had more than a few ways to effectively find a person who didn’t want to be found, but they had worked together for so many years after all. Hence, if possible, he didn’t want to use those methods which seemed dangerous but were, in fact, very common in this line of business. 
Jessica visibly trembled in her seat. What’s he planning? A kidnapping? 
“Mr. Norton, I’m telling you the truth. I really don’t know.” A trace of panic peeked out of Jessica’s eyes. 
Afraid that Larry would hurt her father, worry began to gnaw at her chest. She wasn’t all that concerned about herself because she believed that Larry wasn’t a man who would resort to bullying a woman. 
Indeed, she was spot-on about this.
###Chapter 2131
Chapter 2131 
Larry wouldn’t harm Jessica, but the same couldn’t be said for her father. 
After returning home that night, Jessica sat on the sofa in the living room with a pensive look sprawled on her face. 
If Larry is serious about this, Dad will really be in trouble. Her eyes glinted coldly at the thought. She immediately fished out her phone to call her father. 
“Dad, I just met that guy Larry. You should hide. He’s looking for you.” Worry laced her voice. 
“Jessica, why are you so stubborn? Didn’t I tell you not to come back? Anyway, don’t worry. He can’t find me. He doesn’t even know where I am. How can he find my whereabouts? Even if he can, it’s going to take him some time, but you…” The person on the other line sounded anxious as he trailed off. 
Jessica let out a sigh. “Don’t worry about me, Dad. As long as you’re all okay, everything will be fine on my end.” 
The two chatted for a while before ending the call. Full of confidence again after speaking to her father, Jessica walked to the windows with a spring in her step. As she gazed at the stars in the dark sky, she began fantasizing about her future with Larry. 
The next morning, sunlight filtered through the windows and warmed the room. The woman on the bed turned over and reached out, only to find the space next to her empty again. 
He still hasn’t come home. Joan sighed sadly. 
Suddenly, Lucius’ voice rang loudly, interrupting her thoughts, “Mom, I’m going to be late. Can you send me to school?”
Joan bolted upright in bed and hastily threw on some clothes. Without even applying makeup, she dashed over to Lucius’ room. 
“Mom, I overslept today.” The boy peered at the woman with pitiful eyes. 
It’s all Caiden’s fault. He insisted on staying here till late last night to play games with Lucius. And now, Lucius is going to be late for school. 
“Have you packed your stuff, Lucius? I’ll send you to school.” Outside the door, a familiar male voice reached their ears. 
What the hell? Didn’t he go home last night? Why is he here again today? Joan quickly rushed out. Surprise flashed across her face when she saw the man at the door. 
Pointing a finger at him, she started, “Caiden. Didn’t you-” 
“I’m ready, Caiden. C’mon, I’m gonna be late. We have to hurry.” Lucius interrupted Joan and directly hopped into Caiden’s car. 
“You little rascal. I knew you’d be late.” The man gently stroked the boy’s hair. 
After getting into the car, he waved goodbye to Joan and drove away. The woman was left standing there alone, unable to wrap her mind around things. 
Why do I feel like I’m dreaming? Since when did the two of them become so close? She watched as the car drove further and further, immersed in thought. 
“Hey, is there something going on between you and Caiden?” Delilah came outside and asked softly while rubbing the sleep from her eyes. 
What? We’re just normal friends! A hint of worry appeared in Joan’s eyes.
“It seems like he’s trying to get close to Lucius, but it’s just an excuse to get close to you,” Delilah muttered under her breath before trudging back into the house. 
This situation left a bad taste in Joan’s mouth. 
Delilah’s right. Caiden has been coming here too frequently. If this goes on, people will start to gossip. I have to make things clear with him before it’s too late. 
“Joan, your phone’s ringing!” Delilah called out from inside. 
“Coming.” 
“Joan, what took you so long? I’ve been calling you for ages.” Nancy, who had called, sounded displeased. 
“Oh, I was doing caught up with something. What’s up, Nancy? Why did you call me?” 
“I wanna go shopping and buy some new clothes for my baby. Jory is so busy with work every day. He doesn’t have time to accompany me. So, are you free today, Joan?” 
Can I say no… I still have to help out in the supermarket. Many people there are asking me to go back.
###Chapter 2132
Chapter 2132 
Joan found herself in a tight spot all of a sudden. 
Sensing her dilemma, Nancy quickly added, “Is this not a good time? It’s fine then. I’ll go on my own.” 
“That’s not it, Nancy. I can join you, so just wait for me. I’ll come over as soon as I get ready.” 
After a brief conversation, they hung up the call. 
Joan would never allow Nancy to go out shopping on her own. She wouldn’t be able to live with herself if something were to happen to the woman. 
Soon, both of them arrived at the mall’s entrance. Nancy was brimming with excitement, but Joan seemed troubled. 
“Isn’t it too early to be shopping for your baby’s clothes?” the latter asked casually. 
“Too early? No, it’s not. He’s going to be born very soon.” Nancy stroked her belly affectionately, a content smile stretching across her lips. 
Seeing this, Joan broke into a smile of her own. 
Nancy sure has changed a lot. She’s no longer as impulsive as before. Instead, she’s gentle and thoughtful. 
“You probably don’t know this, but the baby is my hope, my everything. I want him to come to this world smoothly. I want him to grow up healthy and strong.” 
She sure is happy. I’m glad. Joan patted her back softly. “He will.”
The two of them didn’t shop for too long because it wasn’t convenient for Nancy to walk around with her big belly. Hence, they left the mall after she bought a few pieces of clothing and headed to a café nearby. 
“Joan, how are things between you and Larry?” 
Just the usual. How else can we be? He’s working overtime every day and can’t make it home, while I’m afraid of disturbing him. There’s really nothing I can do. Joan bowed her head as hurt flickered across her eyes. 
Forcing her lips into a small smile, she replied, “We’re alright. He’s just been busier than usual lately.” 
“Hey, what a coincidence! What are you ladies doing here?” Dustin appeared in front of their table right then. 
“We came out to do some shopping. What about you?” Nancy inquired curiously. 
“What else? I’m here for a market survey. The products in the supermarket are up to the mark, but I was thinking of adding some new ones,” Dustin explained. 
Then, he squinted meaningfully and observed, “No wonder Joan is being nagged by her friends at the supermarket. She didn’t go to work. She’s here to accompany you instead.” 
The atmosphere turned slightly awkward as the three of them carried on in a conversation. 
Hidden in a corner not far from the café, a pair of eyes took in everything that was happening. 
“Can we go now? It’s nothing but a simple gathering between friends,” Jaden whispered. 
“I know. I just want to see what kind of people Joan is in contact with,” Caiden murmured back.
Jaden had to consciously stop himself from rolling his eyes. He’s head over heels in love with her. That’s why he wants to know her inside out, but then what? Will she even appreciate him and his efforts? Exasperated, Jaden turned his face away, unwilling to look at his friend. 
When the two men arrived back at home, Caiden said after some deliberation, “Hey, help me look into the background of those two people from earlier. Send all the information directly to me.” 
Once a person fell too deep in love, it would be difficult to break free. Hence, Caiden’s behavior may have seemed ridiculous to Jaden, but it was as simple as breathing to Caiden himself. 
“Have you gone mad, Caiden? You need to get your sh*t straight and think this through. Joan has a family. She’s living a simple and good life. Why do you insist on ruining it?” Jaden said impatiently, a grim expression taking residence on his face. 
Jaden had once heard about Caiden and Joan’s story, but he never expected his friend to be so obsessed with her. 
“What do you know? True love knows no bounds,” Caiden retorted. 
This is ridiculous! It may be true love for him, but what about for Joan? Instead of wasting time, energy, and money on her when she clearly doesn’t reciprocate his feelings, why can’t he just settle with being friends? 
“I’m done here. You’re on your own, but don’t go too far. If your mom finds out, Joan will be the one to suffer.” With that, Jaden went back to his room.
###Chapter 2133
Chapter 2133 
That remark caught Caiden off guard. He’s right. Mom will never approve of my decision in pursuing Joan, but what right does she have to meddle in my life? Since I was a child, all she and Dad ever did was throw money at me. They never once showed genuine concern for me. Since they weren’t present for my entire childhood, they sure as hell don’t have the right to dictate my life now! 
Just then, Jaden came out of his room to add, “By the way, your mom wants you to go home for a meal this week. She threatened to come straight here if you don’t. You better get your thoughts straight. I’ve already done my part by delivering her message, but you can do whatever you want.” 
Seated downstairs, Caiden’s lips curled into a sneer. Home? Do I even have a home to begin with? 
“Tell her I’m not going home,” Caiden said in a clipped tone. 
The resolve and animosity in his tone rendered Jaden inarticulate. 
Forget it. It’s up to him! 
In the quiet office, Larry was leaning back on the sofa while resting his eyes. Outside his office, everyone was busy with their work. Larry’s devotion to the company boosted their confidence. Naturally, they didn’t dare to slack when their boss was working overtime every day. 
“Larry, why don’t you go home and take a nap? This isn’t the way to go. Your health is more important.” Caspian studied the man with worry and distress written across his features. 
“Don’t worry. I’ll catch a few winks here. How are things going with the foreign manufacturer?” Larry queried in a weary voice.
“I haven’t been able to contact their boss yet. Apparently, he’s a very difficult person to get in touch with. It appears that he rarely returns to the country, but don’t worry. I’ll utilize all our connections to find him,” Caspian reassured. 
It’s already been so long, yet there’s still no news about the foreign manufacturer. The domestic manufacturers are disappearing without a trace, one after another. If this goes on, it’ll only be a matter of time before Norton Corporation faces a severe withdrawal of shares. 
“Find him as soon as possible. Once you do, I’ll fly over immediately. Look for his assistant or perhaps his relatives; anyone who’s affiliated with him,” Larry ordered while massaging his temples. 
He was probably too exhausted. After giving Caspian some instructions, he fell dead asleep on the sofa. He didn’t even hear his assistant knocking incessantly on his door. Left with no choice, the assistant could only open the door without his permission. She quietly walked over to his desk and placed the documents in her hands there. Then, she picked up a blanket and covered him with it. 
The assistant sighed softly. It must be really hard on him. 
Outside the office, no one criticized Larry for sleeping during work hours because they knew that he hadn’t gone home for a good night’s sleep in a very long time. 
“Miss, you can’t go in there. Mr. Norton is busy,” the assistant exclaimed, blocking Jessica’s way. 
“Busy or not, I have something to discuss with him!” Jessica snapped. 
“Miss, if you could just wait here until he’s done with his work before going in.” There was a plea in the assistant’s tone. 
After all, she had been working as Larry’s assistant for quite a long time. Hence, she knew him as a person quite well. She was merely concerned about her boss. Apart from dealing with all kinds of
problems, he also had to face doubts from many shareholders. 
“I already told you that I’m here to discuss business matters with Mr. Norton. Don’t try to stop me.” Jessica shook away the assistant’s hand and strode forward, only to be blocked by the woman again. 
What the hell? Does this assistant have a thing for Larry or something? Why else would she be so adamant on stopping me? Jessica shot a cold glare at the assistant. 
Faced with her chilling gaze, the assistant subconsciously backed away a few steps. 
In the end, she decided to come clean. “Miss, you really can’t go in there right now. Mr. Norton has been working overtime recently. He’s tired. He’s currently sleeping in his office, so can you wait until he wakes up before going in?” 
She knew this woman would make a scene just like how Gabriella had done in the past if she didn’t tell the truth. 
This was how such women were. Once provoked, they could very well go off the deep end. Some of them looked virtuous and docile, but that was only because they hadn’t reached their tipping point. Once they did, even their boyfriends and family wouldn’t be able to stand in their way. 
“Oh. Well, why didn’t you say so? I thought you were intentionally stopping me from entering because you had a crush on your boss or something.” Jessica sized up the woman in front of her.
###Chapter 2134
Chapter 2134 
“Of course not. Mr. Norton and I have a regular employer-employee relationship. Besides, he has a family.” The assistant huffed out an awkward laugh. 
She couldn’t deny that she had indeed harbored inappropriate thoughts toward her boss before, but she had quickly nipped them in the bud. 
Larry’s heart already belonged to another woman. Hence, she was happy as long as he was. 
“What? You don’t have the guts to confess? What’s there to be afraid of? So what if he’s married? Divorce is so common in today’s society,” Jessica continued. 
The assistant flushed with embarrassment. 
She quickly bowed her head and denied, “No, it’s not like that, miss. Mr. Norton and I are really just superior and subordinate. Besides, I have a boyfriend.” 
This woman spells trouble. If I don’t get myself out of this now, it might come back to bite me in the ass. It’s best to stay away from rich people like her. The assistant’s eyes flashed with a hint of hostility. 
Without warning, Jessica sashayed right into Larry’s office. “Mr. Norton!” 
Then, she directly sat on the sofa and asked the obvious. “Sleeping?” 
“What are you doing here?” Larry, who had been rudely awakened, rubbed the sleep from his eyes. 
“I came here to see you. It’s been quite some time since I last saw you, and I kinda missed your presence,” she flirted.
She sure has some nerve coming here and saying such things. She must be crazy. Larry slowly got to his feet and walked to his desk. 
“Don’t you have anything better to do today?” 
“Nope. I came back to attend a friend’s wedding, so there’s nothing much for me to do actually.” 
“Ms. Zimmer, I think you’d better stop coming here so often,” Larry asserted, cutting curtly to the chase. 
This woman obviously doesn’t intend to tell me where her father is, and that father of hers is dead set on avoiding me. This family is truly a conspiring bunch! 
“Why? Are you afraid people might gossip?” Jessica slowly inched toward him. 
“A manufacturing company abruptly stopped working with us for no apparent reason, and the boss has gone off the grid. Meanwhile, the boss’ daughter keeps coming here every day. Do you think this is appropriate?” Larry lifted his head slightly and enunciated. 
What’s so inappropriate about this? I like you! It has nothing to do with the collaboration! A coy smile tugged on the corner of Jessica’s lips. 
“Fine. I’ll be frank with you, Larry. Indeed, I deliberately acted that way in front of you the first time we met. But you must know, I’m a very picky person, so… Yes, that’s right. I’m interested in you.” Her brazen words momentarily stunned the man. 
This woman really is a nut job! How could she say something so absurd? Larry shot her a fleeting glance, then looked down and got back to work. 
“What? You don’t believe me?” Jessica narrowed her eyes at him, slightly curious.
A man like him must have many admirers. He shouldn’t be very surprised by my confession… In fact, he’s probably used to this! 
Truth be told, it wasn’t that Larry didn’t believe her; he simply didn’t want to. He already had more than enough on his plate. The last thing he wanted was to invite unnecessary trouble. 
“Ms. Zimmer, I think you’ve got the wrong person. If you’re really that lonely, go to a bar. You won’t find whatever you’re looking for here. The door is right there. Kindly see yourself out.” Larry’s voice was bitingly cold as he made known that she wasn’t welcome here. 
He’s doing this on purpose, isn’t he? I’ve already made it so obvious. Doesn’t he feel anything? Jessica’s eyes dimmed. 
No. One way or another, I’ll make this difficult man submit to me. I don’t believe he can remain immune to my charms for long. All I have to do is put in a little more effort. 
“Whatever. I’ll get going now, but I was serious about what I said earlier.” With that, she strutted out of Larry’s office in her expensive heels. 
The moment she left, Larry held his head in both hands as another wave of exhaustion washed over him.
###Chapter 2135
Chapter 2135 
Things weren’t supposed to turn out this way. I merely wanted to find that manufacturing company’s boss through his daughter, then communicate with him about our collaboration. How did the situation escalate to this point instead? 
“Larry, are you okay?” Caspian barged in right then, concern written on his face. 
“I’m fine. Just a little tired. Do you have any news for me?” Larry raised his head, slightly bleary-eyed. 
“Yes. It’s about that foreign manufacturing company. The boss is currently on vacation. I haven’t been able to find out where exactly, but they did mention something about the sea…” 
Larry bolted up from his seat. 
Good. As long as there’s news, there’s hope. Be it on sea or land, every vacation has an itinerary. Someone definitely has access to it. They’re only unwilling to disclose that information. It looks like I’ll have to take matters into my own hands. 
“Got it. Book a flight for me,” Larry ordered. 
I’ll get an audience with that foreign manufacturer, no matter what it takes. 
“By the way, I saw Ms. Zimmer earlier,” Caspian began, fishing for information. 
“Yes, she came and left,” came Larry’s nonchalant answer, which got Caspian frowning slightly. 
And? What did she say and do? That was Caspian’s real concern. 
“Larry, don’t you plan to give up on the Zimmer manufacturing company?”
In truth, Larry had long since wanted to do so, but before successfully forming a partnership with the foreign manufacturer, he couldn’t cut off all ties with the Zimmer manufacturing company. Even though he knew it was pointless of him to hold on. 
“It’s fine. Leave it for now. Our focus should be on that foreign manufacturer,” Larry answered. 
Caspian finally breathed a sigh of relief. It was too late to salvage his relationship with Nancy, so he didn’t wish for anything to come in between Larry and Joan again. 
“Have you looked into it?” Tucked in a corner, a woman exuded a dangerous aura as she glowered at the man across her. 
The man handed a paper bag to Jessica, saying, “Don’t worry, miss. All the information is here. You know you can trust me.” 
“Good. This is your reward. Don’t breathe a word about this to anyone.” The man shuddered slightly at her menacing tone. 
“So… This is Joan Watts. I have to admit, she’s really pretty.” In the living room, Jessica flipped through the documents in her hands, mumbling to herself. 
Meanwhile, the woman she had investigated was trimming some branches in Delilah’s garden. 
“You must be tired, Joan. Why don’t you take a break?” Delilah wiped the sweat off her brow and urged the woman not far away. 
“It’s fine. I’m not tired at all. I can’t believe they suggested offering potted plants as gifts to the customers in conjunction with the event at the supermarket. What were they thinking?” Joan grumbled under her breath.
It was the same every year, so Delilah had already grown accustomed to it. Everyone in the village liked plants very much. Meanwhile, Delilah treated her garden as a sacred land, forbidding outsiders from trespassing. 
Hence, they took advantage of the supermarket’s event to put in a request to the department leaders, proposing to give small potted plants as gifts. Such a proposal would surely increase the supermarket’s profits. Being people-oriented, the department leaders naturally approved their request. 
“How’s it going? Almost done with the trimming?” Dustin asked loudly just as he pushed the door open. 
At the sight of this man, a trace of discontent surged in Joan’s heart. 
“It’s all your fault. If you didn’t give your consent, Ms. Young wouldn’t have to sacrifice so many plants of hers.” 
Dustin froze for a moment but swiftly regained his composure. 
“It’s not like I had much of a choice. The customers put in a request. I couldn’t refuse them, could I?” Dustin shrugged his shoulders, displaying a helpless look. 
“It’s alright. I’m already used to this anyway. Besides, these potted plants were meant to be given away. I never allowed the others to come into the garden because I was afraid they didn’t know how to appreciate the plants. Seeing as they’re so eager now, I’m sure they’ll take good care of these potted plants. Don’t worry, Joan,” Delilah waved a hand and reassured.
###Chapter 2136
Chapter 2136 
Suddenly, a knock on the door came before someone called out from outside, “Excuse me, is Joan Watts here?” 
Joan furrowed her brows at the unfamiliar voice before making her way to the door. 
“You are?” She peered suspiciously at the well-dressed woman in front of her. 
“Hi, my name is Jessica Zimmer. I’m a close friend of Larry’s.” 
Is it really that simple? Joan scrutinized the woman as doubt crept into her heart. If she’s really just a friend of his, why would she come all the way here? 
Something doesn’t seem right. There must be something going on between this woman and Larry. 
“How may I help you?” Joan tilted her head curiously at the woman, a trace of wariness gleaming in her eyes. 
A cautious woman, I see. Jessica sneered. Too bad for her because one way or another, I’m going to make Larry mine! So what if she’s his wife? I always get what I want. 
Jessica forced her tone to stay polite as she asked, “Well, I actually want to talk to you about something. Is that alright?” 
There was basically nothing to talk about between two women who didn’t know each other unless it was about a man. Besides this, Joan couldn’t think of anything else. 
“Sorry, but I’m quite busy now. I don’t have time for a chat,” she rejected bluntly.
She didn’t want to waste time on insignificant people, nor did she want to hear unpleasant news regarding Larry. 
“Really? Aren’t you the least bit concerned about your husband’s matters? I heard Norton Corporation has been facing a huge crisis recently. If it’s not resolved, the company will shut down soon.” Jessica casually picked her nails, feigning disdain. 
She was actually a little bit nervous on the inside. After all, this was the first time she had gone as far as approaching a man’s family. 
“Fine. Give me a moment while I get changed.” With that, Joan went over to Delilah. 
Leaning down, she whispered to Delilah, “Ms. Young, I’m going out for a while. I have some matters to handle.” 
Delilah looked at Joan, then at Jessica who was just a distance away. For some reason, the woman felt slightly unsettled. 
“What’s wrong? Is she causing you trouble? Is it because of Larry? Joan, no matter what happens, you will always have our support. You just need to follow your heart,” Delilah replied firmly while patting Joan’s shoulder. 
At present, everything was uncertain. Hence, before she verified the relationship between Larry and Jessica, she would refrain from acting rashly. However, she had a feeling that this woman wouldn’t give up on Larry without a fight. 
“Alright, I know. I’m leaving now. Dustin, help Ms. Young trim the plants.” Joan passed the tool in her hand to the man standing nearby.
The restaurant was relatively quiet. Perhaps due to the rainy day, there were very few patrons. Even the music lost its former elegance and turned somber instead. 
“Ms. Zimmer, did my husband upset you in any way?” Joan went straight to the point. 
Though, I have a feeling that she’s the one who’s been clinging to him and not the other way around. Joan clenched her fists under the table in an attempt to remain calm. 
How can this woman be so calm? Shouldn’t she be afraid? Jessica sipped on her coffee to hide her surprise. It seems like she has quite a strong mentality. I guess I shouldn’t be surprised. This is the woman Larry fell for after all. 
“Well, you see. My father is Norton Corporation’s biggest manufacturer. He’s been working with Mr. Norton for many years. A while ago, my father terminated their contract for some reason. No one knows where he is now, and Mr. Norton seems to be very desperate to continue collaborating with my father.” Jessica paused abruptly after that sentence. 
Joan raised an eyebrow. And? What’s she trying to say? Is she trying to imply that Norton Corporation won’t be able to continue operating without her family? 
How absurd. There are so many manufacturing companies in the world. I doubt her father’s manufacturing company is the best. As far as I know, Larry has only been keeping in touch with the Zimmer family as a precaution, when in fact, he’s been searching for a bigger business partner at the same time.
###Chapter 2137
Chapter 2137 
It seems like this woman still doesn’t know about it yet. Joan pouted, smartly choosing to remain silent. 
“As you know, I am my father’s only daughter. He loves me a lot, and he would do anything for me,” Jessica said deliberately. She guessed Joan was willing to sacrifice her own happiness for Norton Corporation. 
At this point, Joan understood that the woman was offering a cooperation deal in exchange for Larry. 
She shook her head internally, for she knew Jessica would be disappointed. To Joan, there were countless manufacturers in the world, yet there was only one Larry. 
If the worst came to the worst, and Norton Corporation really went into insolvency, they could still stage a comeback and rebuild their former glory. Hence, she was prepared for the worst that could happen. Yet, no one knew what Larry had churning in his mind. 
There were too many uncertainties in the future. No one knew for sure if he could reach the cooperation deal that he looked forward to most. 
“Ms. Zimmer, I think you’ve got something wrong. I’m not familiar with the company’s matters since Larry has always been the one in charge of them,” Joan said coldly. 
Does she really think she can put me off easily? Hmph! She has underestimated me! Jessica put down her spoon. She straightened up and looked at Joan sternly, her eyes burning with anger. 
“I know you’re not in charge of Norton Corporation’s business matters, but do you know how busy Mr. Norton is? He doesn’t even have the time to have a proper meal. Every day, he works until midnight, and he can only catch a few winks in the morning. You don’t deserve to be his wife! You can’t give him any support, but I can. Not only can I take care of him, but I can also get him more collaboration
opportunities and prevent the Norton Corporation from getting into hot water. Joan Watts, if you really love him, you should give my words some thought. I still have something that I need to attend to, so I’ll be going now.” With that, Jessica grabbed her purse and left the restaurant. 
Joan’s eyes dimmed as she looked in the direction where Jessica had left in a huff. 
She knew Larry had been very busy recently, so it was understandable if the latter didn’t come home at night. Yet, she had never thought he was overworking himself. At that instant, she couldn’t help feeling guilty. Jessica was right. I don’t deserve to be Larry’s wife when I don’t even know what my husband is going through. 
She quickly fished out her phone and made a call. 
While waiting for the call to get through, she tried to calm herself down. Her voice was trembling as she asked, “Are you still in the office?” 
“Yes. What’s wrong? Is everything alright at home?” Larry asked worriedly. 
Hearing the man’s voice, Joan almost burst into tears. 
She quickly reassured him, “No… Everything is fine. Umm… I’m going to your office later to bring you some food and clothes.” 
Pleased, the man on the other side of the line curled his lips into a smile. 
He was contented as long as Joan still remembered and cared about him. 
The two chatted for a while before one of them hung up. 
Joan looked up at the sky, trying to hold back her tears. Then, she left for home after having collected herself.
Sometimes, God loved messing around with those couples that were deeply in love by throwing all sorts of misunderstandings and obstacles in their way. 
Later that day, while busying herself in the kitchen, she received a phone call. A lady with a sweet voice asked over the phone, “Hello, are you Caiden’s family?” 
Family? I’m Caiden’s friend. Joan was confused. 
“No. I’m his friend. I think you’ve got the wrong person.” 
When she was about to end the call, the nurse quickly explained, “We’re calling from Clear Hospital. Mr. Owens got into an accident and was admitted to our hospital. You’re his friend, aren’t you? We need you to come to the hospital and sign the consent form.” 
Hearing that, I was slightly bewildered. But I don’t know Caiden’s family’s contact number. Where the hell is Jaden? Right! Jaden! He must know how to contact them. 
Not losing any time, Joan put down the knife and gave Jaden a call.
###Chapter 2138
Chapter 2138 
“Sorry, the number you have dialed is unavailable…” 
Damn it! I can’t reach him when I need him. 
Just then, Joan’s phone once again rang. 
“Are you guys really Mr. Owens’ friends? None of you are reachable when he needs you most. I don’t care who you are but come to the hospital immediately. I need you to sign the consent form,” the doctor demanded coldly and hung up. 
A moment earlier, she thought it was only one of Caiden’s tricks. Yet, it seemed like there was really no one with him. 
She looked at her cooking halfway done in the kitchen and then at her phone. Eventually, she made up her mind and rushed out of the house. 
In the hospital, Caiden was lying on the bed with his eyes closed, receiving IV therapy. Joan watched anxiously as the nurse adjusted the IV tube. 
“Miss, when will he wake up?” Joan asked. 
“I’m not sure.” Then, the nurse started grumbling, “None of his family nor friends answered our calls, except for you. Still, you dallied to come to the hospital. This concerns the patient’s life. Who’s going to be responsible if anything happens to him? You or the hospital?” 
Feeling embarrassed for being petty-minded earlier, Joan kept her head down. She fixed her eyes at the unconscious man who was lying on the bed, steeped with guilt.
How could he be so careless when he was driving? At the same time, her mind was occupied by the phone call with Larry earlier. Feeling agitated, she unwittingly wrung her hands. 
She had promised to bring Larry food and clothes, yet the phone call from the hospital threw her plan astray. 
Caiden, wake up! She clasped her hands and prayed. 
Meanwhile, Jessica was talking with a doctor in the corridor of the hospital. “Alright. Thank you, doctor. I will be mindful,” she said compliantly. 
The doctor once again reminded her, “Ms. Zimmer, you should avoid consuming cold food items or drinks, or it might have a toll on your body.” 
“I got it. Send my regards to your mom.” With that, Jessica left. 
The woman had a knack for getting easily sick when the seasons changed. It was a chronic condition, which she had gotten used to over the years. 
Just then, Jessica heard a familiar voice, “Miss, when did he get admitted?” 
Isn’t that Joan’s voice? Jessica walked forward gingerly, following the direction the voice had come from. 
In the ward, the nurse answered, “A few hours ago. If his family came earlier, we wouldn’t have left him untreated for so long.” 
Jessica was shocked to hear that. Family? Did I hear it correctly? 
She moved closer to the ward and saw a man lying on the bed. The man looked unfamiliar, yet he didn’t seem to be an average man to her.
Well, well, I’ve indeed underestimated Joan. It turns out she has a secret lover! Poor Larry still doesn’t know his wife has cheated on him! Upon that discovery, a cold glint flashed across her eyes. 
Larry was busily going through the documents. For some reason, he looked rather happy as he did so. 
Just then, a woman sashayed her way into the office in high heels and commented, “It seems like you’re in a good mood today.” 
“Why are you here again?” he asked coldly. 
What is with this unwelcoming attitude? Hmph! Wait till he finds out about his wife who cuckolded him! Then he’ll know he should treat me better. 
Ignoring his question, Jessica placed a lunchbox in front of him. “I bet you haven’t eaten lunch. Here, I’ve prepared this for you.” 
“I don’t need it,” Larry rejected without even sparing a glance at her. 
Tsk tsk tsk! Look how he turned me down. He made it look like I’m begging him to taste my food. Regardless, Jessica put on a good front as she went to sit on the sofa and flipped the documents on the coffee table. 
With feigned casualness, she asked, “Don’t tell me you’re still waiting for your dear Joan?” 
Hearing that, Larry paused in his pen. With a serious expression, he looked up at the woman sitting not far away. 
“Yes. I’m waiting for my wife,” he stated firmly.
###Chapter 2139
Chapter 2139 
“You shouldn’t wait anymore. She won’t come. Who knows what she’s doing behind your back? Perhaps she’s busy with her dirty deeds.” Jessica had gone too far, yet she was totally unaware of herself being rude. 
Sitting behind his desk, Larry was pulling a long face. The man was obviously angry at her rude remarks. 
He uttered bluntly, “Ms. Zimmer, I hope you think twice before you say anything. Don’t you think you’re too unmannerly for a lady who comes from a respectable family?” 
He hated it when people bad-mouthed Joan. She might have done something wrong, yet no one but he had the right to criticize her. 
Disregarding his warning, Jessica continued to provoke him, “What, you still don’t know about it? Didn’t she tell you that she’s busy taking care of another man? Oh, Larry, she doesn’t have the time to bother about you.” 
What is she talking about? There are no other men at home. Well, Lucius is still a boy. 
Larry rose to his feet. “What are you trying to say?” 
“I see you’re mad. It seems like she didn’t tell you, huh? I’d better not get myself involved in this. I’m leaving now.” With that, Jessica left Larry’s office. 
What’s going on? Where is Joan? What is she doing right now? Didn’t she promise to come to my office?
Feeling worried, Larry made a call to Caspian. “Caspian, I need you to go and look for Joan,” he ordered coldly. 
Meanwhile, Caspian felt unsettled when he received the order. Did something happen to Joan? 
The man’s features were laced with worry as he drove his car to carry out the instruction. 
After hanging up, Larry called Joan more than ten times. To his disappointment, the woman didn’t answer any of his calls. 
Gloom veiled his face as he hurled his phone onto the sofa. There was a murderous look in his eyes. 
Meanwhile, in the hospital. The nurse shoved a small plastic bag full of medicine into Joan’s arms. “Here, this is the patient’s medicine. Three times a day according to their dosages. Come and look for me when he finishes them.” 
Just then, the man lying on the bed called her softly, “Joan.” 
Hearing his voice, Joan turned around and walked closer to his bedside. 
“Do you feel better now?” she asked with her voice full of concern. 
After all, Caiden had saved her life before. She couldn’t help feeling worried about him when he got injured. 
“Joan, why are you here?” Caiden asked feebly, though there was a hint of smugness shining in his eyes. 
“The doctor called me, saying he couldn’t contact any others on your contact list, so he asked me to come to the hospital. You shouldn’t move around. Tell me what you need, and I’ll help you with it.” With that, Joan made Caiden lie down on the bed when the latter tried to sit up.
“I need some water,” he requested. “I haven’t drunk any the entire night.” 
“Alright, I’ll go get some warm water for you. Wait here, and don’t move around,” Joan once again reminded him before walking out of the ward. 
“Arghh— “ 
Outside the ward, a patient holding a thermos flask ran into her. At that instant, Joan’s arm was scalded by the hot water, causing a small area of her skin to blister almost immediately. 
The patient immediately apologized, “Oh no, I’m so sorry! I didn’t mean it.” 
“It’s fine,” Joan said with suppressed emotions. 
Having seen everything that had happened, Caiden bellowed at the patient, “Hey, are you blind? Watch where you’re going! Didn’t you see someone walking in front of you?” 
Then, the man struggled to get down from the bed and slowly made his way toward Joan. 
“Are you alright? Does it hurt a lot?” he asked worriedly. His heart ached to see the painful blisters on her arm. 
“I’m fine. You shouldn’t get out of bed. Don’t worry. It’s nothing serious.” With that, Joan helped Caiden to the bed and made him lie down. 
At that moment, Caiden couldn’t help feeling dejected when she tried to stay strong and hide her injury from him. She was always considerate, and she wouldn’t afford him the chance to take care of her.
###Chapter 2140
Chapter 2140 
I’d rather her show her weakness or whines in front of me. Why must she always put up a tough front? A trace of disappointment appeared in Caiden’s eyes. 
Or, will she only show her soft side in front of Larry? 
In fact, Caiden had guessed it right. Larry was the one and only person to whom Joan would vent all her emotions. Likewise, she felt free to show her melodramatic side in front of that man. 
Suddenly, Caiden’s head snapped up. He then asked an unexpected question, “I have a question. Do you mind me calling you by your first name?” 
Joan hesitated for a brief moment, but a composed expression soon appeared on her face. 
“Of course not,” she replied with a hint of awkwardness. 
Actually, only her friends and family got to call her by her name. Caiden, on the other hand, was only one of her many juniors in university back then. Yet, since they had graduated, she was no longer his senior, so she had no justified reason not to let him call her by her first name. 
“Joan, didn’t you go home last night?” Caiden asked. 
In fact, not only did she not go home, she didn’t even get to sleep the entire night. The nurse said there had to be someone to take care of Caiden and constantly check on him. Since she was the only one here with him, she needed to stay up all night. 
“No, I stayed here last night.” Then, she asked, “Are you hungry? I’ll go buy you some food.”
For some reason, Caiden suddenly brightened up, his eyes shining with joy. “I’m craving a croissant,” he uttered smilingly. 
He was happy as long as Joan was there with him. 
Soon after, the woman grabbed her purse and left the ward. Caiden watched as Joan’s figure vanished from sight. He succumbed to his curiosity when he took her phone, which was on silent mode, from the bedside table. 
As expected, there were a lot of missed calls from Larry. 
Larry Norton must be worried sick. That’s what I want – to make him anxious and wait in agony! Caiden clenched the blanket at the thought of the other man. 
The weather was nice that day. On the busy street, most of the passersby had coffee or sandwiches in their hands. They were having their breakfasts in a hurry while heading to their respective destinations. It took Joan a long time to finally find a bakery. 
“Two croissants, please,” she ordered politely. 
“Alright. Here you go.” The bakery owner handed her the brown bag with the croissants. 
All of a sudden, he exclaimed, “Ah, it’s you! It’s been a long time, isn’t it?” 
Do I know him? Joan tried to recall the man, but her effort was in vain. The man’s face and voice didn’t ring a bell with her. 
“It’s been years since I last saw you. You still look beautiful. I bet you don’t remember me, huh? Before this, I owned a coffee shop instead of this bakery. Do you remember? The coffee shop where you and Ms. Barrymore frequented?”
“Ah, I remember it now! It’s nice to see that you’re running your own bakery. I see you have a lot of customers here,” Joan commented smilingly. 
“Yes. It’s more profitable to run a bakery. Besides, the location is more strategic here. How are you and Mr. Norton doing?” the bakery owner asked. 
Joan didn’t know how to answer that simple question. Recently, it was hard for her to meet Larry since the latter spent most of his time working overtime in the office. 
Nevertheless, she gave the bakery owner a put-off answer. “We’re fine. Thanks for asking. I got to go now, see you!” 
As she was leaving, the bakery owner called out from behind, “Alright. Get going already. Do come to my bakery next time!” 
Actually, Joan didn’t recall knowing the bakery owner or the coffee shop that he mentioned earlier. 
Have I not recovered all my memories yet after the car accident? Joan felt panicked at the thought. 
Fortunately, she still remembered all her loved ones. 
On her way back to Caiden’s ward, Joan looked bothered. Frustration was written all over her face. 
Just then, a doctor approached her and asked, “Ms. Watts, what’s wrong? You don’t look too well.” 
“Huh? Um… Well… I didn’t wear my coat, and it’s a bit cold outside,” Joan explained. 
“Do you feel cold? I can lend you my coat…” 
Before he could finish his words, Joan was quick to reject him, “There is no need. I was just out buying breakfast. It will not be cold in the hospital. I’m fine, doctor.”
###Chapter 2141
Chapter 2141 
There were already a lot of misunderstandings between her and Larry. It would only cause more misunderstandings if Larry knew of her wearing the doctor’s coat. 
Joan was soon back in the ward.Gazing at her worriedly, Caiden asked feebly, 
“What took you so long? Did anything happen?” 
Once again, the woman fell into deep thought. Indeed, something strange has happened. 
Seeing that, Caiden raised his voice as he called out, “Joan!” 
His voice brought her back to her senses. “Huh? What were you saying? Do you want some water? I’ll go get it.” Before he could say anything, she grabbed a glass and was heading out of the ward. 
What’s wrong with her? She looks preoccupied. Did something really happen to her just now? 
Quickly, Caiden halted her, “Joan! I don’t need water.” 
The latter slowly turned around, plastering an apologetic look for her absent-mindedness. 
Meanwhile, Larry was like a cat on hot bricks, for Joan was not answering his calls. In the end, he resorted to calling Delilah. “Hello, Ms. Young, is Joan at home? I’ve called her phone several times, but I couldn’t reach her,” he gabbled in a panic. 
Holding the phone, Delilah looked around the house and then Joan’s bedroom, yet the woman was nowhere to be seen. For the past few days, she noticed that Joan seemed to be very busy. Sometimes, the latter would even stay out all night. Initially, she had thought Joan was with Larry. Yet, now it turned out that the two had not been together.
Then… Where did she go for the past few days? What is she up to? 
Having no choice, Delilah lied, “Um… She’s helping me with the gardening. She’s busy right now, and she doesn’t have her phone with her.” Then, she asked sheepishly, “Do you want to talk to her right now?” 
Although Delilah sounded strange over the phone, Larry didn’t think much. After all, he was only calling to make sure Joan was fine. 
Hence, he said, “There is no need then. By the way, I’ll have dinner at home tonight. I’ll end the call now.” 
“Alright.” 
After hanging up, Delilah stood rooted to her spot, her gaze darkened. 
What has Joan so busy with recently? She’s been leaving home early and only returning late at night. She couldn’t even squeeze in the time to send her kid to school. Oh, I hope she won’t come home late today. 
Meanwhile, Joan was washing the fruits in the washroom of the ward. Her phone that she left on the sofa vibrated. 
Caiden was staring at the vibrating phone, feeling unsettled. Will she leave right away after receiving Larry’s call? Sorrow flitted across his face at the thought of it. 
Just then, Joan came out of the washroom and handed the fruits to him. “Here, the doctor said you should eat more fruits.” 
“Joan,” Caiden called her name.
“What is it?” 
“Can you stay and keep me company tonight?” he asked tentatively. 
Seeing the flicker of expectation in his eyes, Joan wavered. 
Yet, there was no reason for her to stay for the night. After all, she was not his girlfriend, let alone she was a married woman. 
“Well, I’ll stay a little longer then.” With a smile, Joan patted on his shoulder. 
If Larry found out that she had stayed for the night, it would be a disaster. Hence, she wouldn’t agree to Caiden’s request. 
“Why can’t you stay here? I’m afraid something might happen,” Caiden muttered, keeping his head down to avoid her eyes. 
What does that mean? What else could happen? He seems fine to me. Or, is there a sequela of his injury? Joan gazed doubtfully at the man before her. 
“Well, what else could happen?” she asked curiously. 
If something really happens to him after I leave, who will be responsible for it? 
I think I’d better find him a caregiver. 
She then suggested, “Why don’t I find you a caregiver? That way, you won’t need to worry about anything anymore.” 
When she grabbed her phone and was about to dial, Caiden voiced his disagreement, displeasure evident as he said, “Those caregivers are mostly inexperienced, and they don’t know me. I don’t feel
comfortable being around a stranger. Besides, I will only stay in the hospital for a few more days. There is no need to find someone.”
###Chapter 2142
Chapter 2142 
Wow, is he being particular about money now? That is just impossible. Caiden has never cared much about money. However, he was right about one thing. None of the caregivers understood him. Naturally, the quality of care would not be up to his standards. 
“Alright, you will be discharged soon. Just hang in there,” Joan comforted. 
“Joan, I somewhat feel really unwell. I don’t know why. I feel as though something is going to happen tonight,” Caiden replied as he looked at the woman. 
Of course, that was a lie. He felt amazing! What else could possibly happen? He slept well, ate well, and rested well. He was just afraid of Joan leaving him. 
“What’s wrong? Do you hurt somewhere? Let me get the doctor.” Joan turned around and headed for the door as she spoke. 
“No, no. I’m not in pain right now. I was in pain last night, though. It happens occasionally. I’m just afraid…” Caiden’s voice trailed off. 
It does seem like he hasn’t been recuperating well… Joan felt a little guilty. If this continues, Larry will find out sooner or later. He has never liked Caiden. If he sees Caiden and I together, he’ll go berserk! 
But Caiden will be left all alone if I don’t care for him… He doesn’t have family and friends with him now. Furthermore, nobody knows where Jaden went either. If I leave, he will be very lonely and might take even longer to recover. 
“Alright, I’ll stay here tonight.” Joan looked slightly disappointed as she said that.
Hopefully, Larry can understand why I think this is more important. She rubbed her palms together to make herself warm. 
Meanwhile, the phone kept vibrating underneath Caiden’s pillow. He peeked at the woman outside and picked up the call. 
“Why are you always calling me!” he asked coldly. It was obvious that he was displeased. 
“Come on, Caiden. When is this act of yours going to end? Are you addicted to the hospital or something?” Jaden asked. 
Jaden and Caiden had come up with the idea of faking a car accident a few days ago. The person who had knocked into Caiden was none other than his good friend, Jaden. 
“Why do you care? Just mind your own business. Don’t come back! I’m not done here yet,” Caiden told him. 
What a weird man. Who would use such methods to get a woman’s pity? Perhaps Joan is too naive and innocent. Nobody else would care for him in such a way… Jaden scoffed to himself at that thought. 
“Fine, I won’t disturb you any longer. Just take care of yourself. Your mom should be visiting in a few days. You’re on your own, alright?” Then, Jaden hung up the phone. 
Caiden was shocked at his response. However, he quickly recollected himself. 
What is that woman doing? Didn’t I tell her I won’t be home for dinner? Why are they all getting weirder? 
Caiden grabbed the bedsheets and sank into deep thought as he looked out the window. 
I have to think of something.
“Mr. Caiden, did you say you were feeling unwell? Are you in pain?” the doctor suddenly entered the room and asked. 
“Huh?” the man asked, stunned. 
“Yes. Doctor, please do a checkup. Make sure he’s fine,” Joan hurriedly added as she followed him in. 
Oh my goodness. Caiden felt his world collapsing. 
“No, no. The pain is only transient. It doesn’t happen all the time. Joan is just extremely concerned about me. I’m fine,” he hurriedly explained. 
I can’t blow my cover! Otherwise, Joan will surely go home tonight. 
“Well then, there shouldn’t be a huge problem,” the doctor replied.
###Chapter 2143
Chapter 2143 
“Yes, yes! I’m fine! The pain just comes about sometimes.” Caiden nodded. 
What? So is he in pain or not? The confused Joan shot the man a look, suspicion arising in her eyes. 
“Alright, stop troubling the doctor. There are so many other patients whom he has to attend to,” Caiden remarked as he waved Joan over. 
The doctor left after a few words. 
“Joan, you don’t have to be so worried. I can still tolerate the pain,” Caiden told her after a moment. 
How can he tolerate this! Joan glanced at him sideways. 
“Caiden!” 
Suddenly, a woman’s voice could be heard from outside. While Joan remained calm, Caiden wrapped himself tightly underneath the blanket. 
A stranger announced her presence at the entrance. “Caiden, I’m here!” 
Huh? Where’s my son? The woman’s eyes scanned the room quickly, but she only saw Joan. 
“Hello, you are…” Joan asked. 
“Hello, I’m Caiden’s mother. Do you know where he is? I heard he’s in this hospital!” The woman looked quite anxious as she conversed with Joan. 
She’s finally here! Finally! Joan checked the time and realized that it had been a few days before the man’s family arrived.
“Ah! So you are Caiden’s mother. He’s on the bed!” She pointed toward the bed not far away from where she was standing. 
Huh? Why did he wrap himself up like that? What’s going on? 
“Caiden? Your mom’s here,” she said gently as she tapped on the sheets. 
However, Caiden remained still underneath. 
“Are you saying my son is underneath those sheets?” the woman asked curiously. 
“Yes, he’s underneath there, lying on the bed. I think he’s sleeping.” Joan looked at the lump on the bed in disbelief. 
I want to see how long you can last in there! It’s going to get stuffy soon! I bet you will come out for fresh air soon. She chuckled softly at the thought. 
“How should I address you, Miss?” the woman who had just arrived asked. 
“I’m Joan Watts. I’m Caiden’s senior in school and alumna. He’s my savior, actually,” she replied with a smile. 
“Ah! So you’re Caiden’s senior. Are you married then? How old are you? Are you attached? What did you study?” 
The string of questions made Joan feel a little awkward. 
Why does it feel like she’s doing a background check on me? Also, I shouldn’t have to answer these questions, do I? 
“Ahem!” All of a sudden, Caiden appeared from underneath the sheets.
“Can you please not be so embarrassing when you first meet someone?” he lamented. 
Immediately, the woman’s gaze turned dark. 
I’m just concerned! After all, many women would try to flatter Caiden because of his prominent family background. 
“I’m only worried about you. Why are you so rude?” the woman bowed her head and remarked displeasingly. 
“Come on! Nobody asks such questions on their first meeting. Also, Joan and I…” 
“Alright, alright. It’s nothing,” Joan interjected to stop Caiden from speaking. 
She knew Caiden’s mother must have mistaken her for the man’s girlfriend. However, they were not like that! 
“How do you feel, Caiden? How did you get into an accident? What happened? Tell me what happened. I will track the person who knocked you down!” the man’s mother asserted. 
What a ridiculous woman. This is a small matter. Furthermore, she can’t possibly look for Jaden! Getting into an accident was my original plan, and Jaden was under my instructions anyway. 
“The driver has fled. There’s no way you can track him down. Anyway, what do you want?” Caiden got straight to the point.
###Chapter 2144
Chapter 2144 
He never once believed that this woman was kind-hearted enough to visit him at the hospital. 
However, the truth was that she was indeed concerned about her son. 
“I panicked when I heard that you had gotten into an accident. That’s why I rushed over.” 
This was the truth, no matter whether Caiden believed it or not. The woman knew her son had lived with his grandmother since young. This was also why he was never close to her or her husband. It was thus normal that Caiden did not like to go home and was defiant against his parents. 
“Well, Mrs. Owens, since you’re here, you can keep Caiden company tonight. I shall head home then. Is that fine?” Joan looked towards the man as she spoke. 
What? No. I shall not make it that easy for you. Even if my mother is here, I will not let you leave the hospital! 
“My mom is only here to visit for a while. She has another engagement in the evening, right?” Caiden turned his head and stared at his mother, his eyes daring her to disagree. 
Feeling his fierce glare on her, his mother piped up, “Ah? Yes, yes. I’ll only be here for a while. I have some work to settle at night. I shall take my leave then. Call me if anything!” The woman then walked out of the ward. 
Wait… What’s going on? Her son is badly injured! How can she leave like that? I can’t believe she walked out. Doesn’t she want to care for her son? Joan was growing increasingly frustrated. 
Initially, she had thought that she could head home earlier when his mother showed up. She never expected the woman to not play any role in this.
“I will come again tomorrow. I really have something going on tonight,” the woman repeated as she stole a glance at Joan. 
Who isn’t busy? Lucius, Larry, and Ms. Young are all important people to attend to. However, I value Caiden’s welfare more than anything too! I can’t believe this is happening! 
Joan clenched her fists secretly, feeling disappointed and angry. 
“What’s up? Are you upset? My mom is always like that. Don’t mind her.” Caiden waved goodbye to his mother as he spoke. 
Don’t mind her? I want to go home. I have plans! Now, I can’t do so because she’s not around to take care of you. 
Needless to say, Caiden’s mother could sense that her son liked this girl. She could also tell that he had not confessed his feelings to Joan yet. Hence, she decided to leave and give them some room. 
Caiden suddenly remarked, “Joan, I feel like eating fish tonight.” Joan immediately turned vexed upon hearing that. 
“Ms. Young, why is Joan still not back? It’s getting late.” Larry paced up and down in the living room anxiously. 
Delilah looked outside, glancing at the sky. It was indeed very dark. 
This girl can be a headache at times. She’s always flippant with her plans. To make things worse, she doesn’t pick up her calls or answers her text messages. Where is she now? 
“She might have an emergency to attend to,” Delilah replied as she smiled sheepishly.
She herself did not know what Joan had been busy with recently either. However, she knew she had to cover up for her in front of Larry. No one wanted them to argue. 
“It’s fine. She might just be busy. Why don’t you get some sleep?” Delilah suggested. 
Surely he would not be happy if Joan returned very late. 
“Grandma, where is Mom? Why does she always come home so late recently?” Lucius suddenly walked out of the room, rubbing his eyes. 
Instantly, Larry’s expression went dark. So this isn’t the first time then. 
“What are you talking about, Lucius? Larry, don’t listen to him. He must be tired.” Delilah hurriedly nudged the boy back into his room as she spoke. 
As he watched the duo’s reaction, Larry thought of something. He picked up his phone and dialed Joan’s number. 
As he had expected, nobody picked up. 
Meanwhile, Caiden was enjoying the fish Joan had made him for dinner. The man had insisted on it! 
“Joan, you make the best food!” He gave her a thumbs-up and laughed.
###Chapter 2145
Chapter 2145 
Joan felt incredibly awkward as she sat in the ward. She knew it was getting late. It was time to call Delilah. 
She took her phone and walked out of the ward. 
As she disappeared from the room, a flash of worry appeared in Caiden’s eyes. 
Is she talking to Ms. Young or Larry? Caiden tried his best to eavesdrop on her conversation. 
“Hello, Ms. Young, I have something to attend to tonight. I can’t go back,” Joan said softly. 
“Oh, finally! You called! Look at how many calls I’ve made to you! How can you only call me back now? Larry is home. He has been waiting for you. You should come back soon. He doesn’t look too happy. You two should really talk,” Delilah quickly responded. 
Wait, why’s he home all of a sudden? Joan felt her heart racing. What should I do now? Should I go home? What if something happens to Caiden here? 
After some thought, she still decided not to head back. 
“Ms. Young, I really have something on tonight. I can’t go home,” Joan insisted. 
What’s going on with this girl? What’s so serious that she can’t come home, especially to the extent that she doesn’t want to meet Larry? 
“Joan, tell me what happened,” Delilah demanded sternly. 
How am I supposed to reply? Joan hesitated.
“It’s nothing, Ms. Young. I will explain everything when I’m back. Just let Larry know I won’t be home tonight.” Then, she hung up. 
Perhaps, she really did not know how to respond to Delilah’s question over the phone. However, she had never once thought of hiding the truth. It was just not the right time. 
“Joan, what’s going on?” Caiden probed when she re-entered the ward. 
“It’s fine. Are you done eating?” she asked. 
“I’m good. Do you have an emergency to tend to?” 
“Don’t worry about it. Rest early,” Joan replied in a low voice and walked to the sofa next to the bed. 
Unfortunately, the woman did not know that Larry had reached the limits of his patience. 
“Ms. Young, was that Joan? Where is she now?” he asked Delilah coldly. 
“She told me she has something to attend to tonight and won’t be home. I don’t know where exactly she is,” Delilah replied slowly. 
I can’t hide it forever. It’s better to tell him now. If he discovers things later on his own, they might argue even more. 
Larry walked into his room without another word upon hearing her response. 
How dare she not return home for the night! He was furious. What’s so important that she can’t return home? 
Larry tossed and turned in the bed the entire night. He could not sleep at all. He could not figure out what his wife had been busy with recently.
The next morning, the sun shone in through the windows brightly. The man on the hospital bed was sound asleep, while the woman on the sofa looked drained. 
Nothing much had happened at night; Caiden had a good rest. 
Luckily, there were no further complications. When everything seemed fine, Joan packed up, ready to leave. 
“Joan!” Caiden suddenly called out as he felt that she was leaving. 
“What’s up?” The woman turned around slowly. 
“Where are you going?” he asked with a look of anticipation. 
“I’m going home to get a change of clothes,” she told him and shrugged. 
She had not gone home for the night. Hence, she wanted to catch Larry in the morning before he left for work. 
“Oh.” Caiden’s eyes drooped. 
There was no way to refute this, but even the blind would be able to tell that he was dissatisfied. 
Joan did not continue the conversation and left. 
It’s been a long time since I last saw Larry. I wonder if he’s doing well.
###Chapter 2146
Chapter 2146 
Caiden was soon left alone in the ward. He stared outside and went into deep thought. 
“So, son, how did I do? I think I cooperated quite well, didn’t I?” His mother suddenly entered the room. 
“Why are you here again? I told you I’m fine. I will be discharged soon,” Caiden replied in an annoyed fashion. 
However, the woman was very concerned for her son. It had been a long time since she last saw him. She was a little disappointed that he did not seem to want her around. 
“Caiden, I’m worried for you. Do you like the girl from yesterday? Why don’t you court her if you do?” 
She was unaware that Joan was already married and had kids. All she knew was that Caiden liked her, and she would support her son no matter what. 
“Really?” Caiden suddenly turned excited, and his eyes shone brightly. 
This silly child. What’s there to doubt about this? Doesn’t he know that he has to put in effort for the love of his life? Also, I trust his judgment. 
Meanwhile, Joan rushed back home as she panted heavily. 
“Mom?” Lucius yelled happily, shocked to see his mother. 
“Lucius, where is your father?” she asked anxiously. 
“He already left work.” Joan immediately turned disappointed when she heard her son’s response.
Crap! He must be angry. I should head to his office. She quickly changed her clothes and rushed out of the house. 
“Mom!” All of a sudden, Lucius stopped his mother as she was about to leave. 
“What’s up?” Joan turned around and asked. 
“Dad looked like he wasn’t in a good mood last night,” the boy told her seriously. 
Lucius seems serious. Larry must be really angry… Joan recollected herself and smiled at her son lightly before she got Delilah to send Lucius off. She headed out of the home as quickly as she could after that. 
“I got it.” In the office, Larry stared at the file in his hand, obviously distracted and annoyed. 
“Larry, what’s up? You spent an entire morning reading a single document. Did something happen at home?” Caspian asked, worry lacing his eyes as he looked at Larry. 
Apart from Joan, who else could affect Larry’s feelings? I can’t think of anyone else. 
“It’s nothing,” the other man replied dryly as he walked towards the windows. 
Then, the smell of cigarette smoke overtook the room. Caspian’s heart ached for this man who looked so lonely and pitiful. 
“You can go ahead with your day. I will let you know if I need help,” Larry abruptly stated. 
Thus, Caspian left the office without another word. 
“You’re smoking?” A woman’s voice rang loud and clear from outside. 
The staff outside looked at the woman with much disdain.
“Why is she always here?” 
“Who the hell knows? It’s the boss’ business.” 
“Do you think they’re together?” 
“Come on! Mr. Norton is not like that!” 
The few colleagues continued to gossip in the washroom. 
It was a well-known fact that Jessica often came to the office to look for Larry. Newer employees who were unaware Larry was married would often mistake the two for husband and wife instead. 
After all, it had been a long time since Joan came to the office. Furthermore, Jessica always came with breakfast. 
“What are you doing here again?” Larry queried coldly. 
It was apparent that he was not in a good mood. Jessica had already guessed this; she was no fool. Her previous words seemed to have successfully caught his attention. It looked like they were working on him. 
“What’s wrong? Is it because Joan is taking care of another man in the hospital?” Jessica intentionally released the information. 
What? Slowly, Larry turned around and stared at Jessica sternly. His aura turned ominous and cold. Jessica was taken aback by his sudden change in demeanour. 
What’s going on? I thought he already knew? Why’s he reacting like that? Subconsciously, the woman retreated a few steps away from the furious man.
###Chapter 2147
Chapter 2147 
“What… What’s going on?” Jessica probed carefully, afraid of offending the man. 
“Did you say Joan was with another man? Which hospital is she at?” Larry asked. 
So he doesn’t know? Did I guess wrongly then? Jessica twisted her mouth. For a better effect, she had wanted Larry to discover this on his own. It was a pity that he found out from her… 
“Well, I saw it by chance. It looked like she was taking care of a friend. It’s been a few days,” Jessica informed him. 
Since the situation was like this, it did not matter whether he knew now or later. Furthermore, that was the truth. 
Joan had herself to blame for spending so much time with Caiden. Furthermore, she had not even bothered to contact Larry these few days! 
“Alright, it’s way too early for this. Why don’t you try the breakfast I got you?” Jessica quickly lay out the breakfast on the table. 
By now, Larry’s expression had turned grave. He tried hard to suppress his emotions, not wanting to blow his top in front of a guest at work. 
So she’s with another man now? This is ridiculous. I thought I gave her time to settle her issues with Dustin. Why does she have to hurt me like this over and over again? Larry dug his nails into his palms, but his anger took over any pain he would have felt. 
“Come on, try some! I spent a long time queueing for these.” Jessica tried to feed him a piece of toast.
However, Larry was too angry to bother with her. With a movement, he swept her hand away angrily, and the toast fell to the ground. 
“Get out!” he bellowed. 
The employees outside jumped at the sound, astonished by how angry their boss sounded. 
“Hey! What’s wrong with you, Larry? Why are you angry at me? Your wife is the one who’s spending time with another man, not me! I’m the one sending you breakfast every day, alright? What’s Joan doing in the meantime? Get your facts right!” Jessica yelled back angrily, 
While she was quite happy that Larry was angry at Joan, she had never thought he would lash out at her. 
At that, Larry held his head and tried to calm himself down. 
“Ms. Zimmer, I’m sorry. I overreacted earlier. I apologize for that,” Larry apologized in a very formal manner. 
“It’s alright. I don’t want you to be affected by such a small matter. You have bigger issues to worry about! You have your family, your company, and all your employees! You have to work hard for them!” Jessica remarked passionately. 
She is right. There’s more than marriage in this world. Larry calmed himself down and smiled as he walked towards Jessica. 
“Thank you for the breakfast. Let’s have some together,” he offered. 
To say Jessica was overjoyed would be an understatement. She quickly arranged the food on the table.
“You’ve finally come to your senses. Breakfast is the most important meal of the day. You need it to stay energized for the rest of the workday! Try this. This is good,” Jessica encouraged as she picked up another slice of food for Larry. 
Meanwhile, Joan had rushed to the office. She had been panting heavily at the door when she witnessed that particular scene. 
“Is it good?” 
“Yes, it is. Thank you for sending breakfast over every day.” 
“Well, this is your first time actually eating it, right?” 
“Hahaha…” 
The atmosphere in the office seemed very cordial and friendly. There was not a hint of anger on Larry’s face. In fact, the man looked rather happy. Joan looked at the breakfast in her hand and slowly walked out. 
“Who was that? Why did she come and go?” a newer employee asked. 
“Who? Hang on, isn’t that Mr. Norton’s wife?” a senior employee exclaimed. 
Immediately, everyone looked towards the figure that was about to disappear down the hallway.
###Chapter 2148
Chapter 2148 
“That’s it. It’s game over for Mr. Norton this time.” 
“What are you talking about? I’m sure he will have a proper explanation for this.” 
“What are you talking about? Look at him. He is having a good time.” 
Walking on the streets, Joan was extremely upset and did not bother to look where she was going. In fact, she was nearly knocked down a few times by the cars. 
“Eh, crazy lady! Are you in your right mind? You might just get run over before you know it!” 
“Hey, are you sick in the head? Why are you walking like that?” A few drivers cursed at her as they pressed their horns continuously. If not for a pedestrian dragging her aside, she could have suffered from even more scolding. 
“Miss, are you all right?” 
“Oh! I’m fine, thank you.” Joan slowly turned around and continued walking. 
What is going on between Larry and Jessica? Has Larry really fallen for her? Does he really like that woman? From what she remembered, Larry would never eat the breakfast sent by anyone apart from herself or Caspian. But he ate the breakfast by Jessica this morning! 
Does it mean Jessica assumes a different position in his heart? Joan sighed and continued to walk forward numbly with her troubled thoughts written all over her face. 
Suddenly, the phone in her bag rang. She felt a little helpless when she saw the name blinking on the screen.
“Joan, where are you? I am hungry.” Caiden deliberately acted like a spoilt child. 
He has a mother, doesn’t he? Why is he calling me? 
“Caiden, I’m busy today so I won’t be going over. Just ask your mother to buy some food for you.” She then prepared to hang up. 
“Joan Watts,” Caiden called out her name coldly. 
She immediately stopped in her tracks. 
“Have you been crying?” he asked immediately. 
Her voice and her tone betrayed her terrible mood. Was it because of Larry? Caiden could not imagine anyone else that could have upset her like this. 
“No, I didn’t. There was a grain of sand in my eye, that’s all,” Joan replied him softly. 
No, she isn’t the type of woman who would cry over something minor like this. Caiden looked at his phone suspiciously. 
“Where are you now?” he asked her sharply. 
“Caiden, I’m really busy today. I’m hanging up now.” With that, Joan hung up on him. 
She had already done enough for Caiden. She had never done anything to betray Caiden, who was her savior. In fact, she had endured Larry’s misunderstandings just so she could take care of him. That was why she did not want to continue any longer. 
There were very few pedestrians on the road. Everyone was probably at work. Joan came to the beach and sat on the lounge chair all by herself. She then closed her eyes and relaxed as she took in the
peace and quiet. 
She did not want anyone to come and disturb her, be it Larry or Caiden. At that very moment, all she wanted was to be by herself quietly. 
Her phone rang multiple times but she did not pick up a single call. She wanted nothing else but to be far away from all the noise of the mortal world. 
Perhaps she was really just a little tired. 
There was barely anybody at the beach despite the good weather, probably because it was a working day. A few older ladies were chatting happily while picking up shells. 
“Hey, I heard that your son is getting married?” one of the ladies said loudly. 
“Yes, after all the ups and downs, my son and his girlfriend are finally getting married,” another older lady replied. 
“That’s the thing with young people these days. All they do is argue all day long. Sooner or later they will understand that there is nothing more important than their feelings for each other. Don’t worry, it will be better after a few years.” 
“I sure hope so. When they are older, they will then appreciate the beauty of their youth, haha…” 
Joan suddenly opened her eyes and a smile appeared on her face as her gaze wandered to the older ladies who were not too far away from her.
###Chapter 2149
Chapter 2149 
They were right. Things would definitely die down at the end of the day. All these arguments did was to add spice to our daily lives. 
However, how am I supposed to explain to Larry right now? She suddenly felt dejected again. 
“What are you doing here all alone?” A familiar voice piped up. 
“Dustin? What are you doing here?” Joan looked at him with curiosity and disbelief. 
Shouldn’t he be at work at the supermarket right now? Where did he find the time to chill out here? 
“I’m here for a break,” Dustin answered her slowly. 
Did something happen at the supermarket? Or was he just in a bad mood? 
“What happened? Are you upset?” he asked her softly as he slowly made his way to her. 
“Oh no, I’m fine. I’m here for a break, just like you,” she replied with an awkward smile. 
I can’t tell him about my problems with Larry! These are the problems that we should keep to ourselves. 
“Did something happen between you and Larry?” Dustin looked at her suspiciously. 
Even though she did not say anything, he knew that her desolation definitely had something to do with Larry. What else could affect a woman’s mood apart from relationship issues? 
“No, it’s just that I haven’t been to the beach for a long time. I just wanted to come here and take a look,” Joan said quietly.
It’s probably not as simple as that. Dustin murmured in acknowledgment. 
In the past, I’ve given up a lot for you, but you are determined to be with that jerk, Larry. And here you are now, feeling sad. 
“Do you need help?” 
“No need. How could I get you involved in this kind of thing? I’m fine,” Joan immediately replied. 
He knew that she would definitely reject his offer. 
“Joan, if Larry were to be suddenly bankrupt one day, would you still choose to be with him?” Dustin asked all of a sudden. 
He had been thinking of this for a very long time. Even though he already had an answer in his mind, he still wanted to hear the answer from her directly. 
“What are you talking about? How is that possible? I have always been confident in his ability. Moreover, I am not with him for his money. Even if he were to lose everything, I will always be by his side to help him rebuild his career,” Joan said resolutely. 
She did not know what Dustin’s ive was of asking that, and she did not want to find out either. 
In the name of love, she would stand by Larry despite being so hurt now. Dustin turned away and looked at the sea with desolation in his eyes. 
“I believe in you. I know that you will meet a better person,” Joan said kindly. 
Really? Would there be a woman better than her in this world? Dustin folded his arms and did not say anything.
Both of them looked at the sea together with miserable faces, albeit with their individual worries. 
“When are you going back to work?” Dustin asked her softly. 
“In a few more days, I guess…” 
Caiden, who was in the hospital, was very worried at that moment. When he did not see Joan, he was so worried to the extent that his chest felt like it had taken a beating. 
“What happened to you, Mr. Owens? You don’t look too good,” the nurse came over to ask him softly. 
Of course I don’t feel good! Joan hadn’t appeared for one whole day! 
“Could I trouble you to help me make a phone call?” Caiden asked earnestly. 
The nurse immediately agreed when she saw his grim face. It must be something very serious, she thought. However, she could not help but burst out laughing after Caiden explained his request. 
“What are you laughing about? This is a serious matter!” Caiden looked rather displeased as he said quietly. 
Yes, he is very serious about this. But this is too much, isn’t it? 
He is asking me to call Joan and lie that he had suddenly taken for the worse. All because he missed her so much and wanted her to be at the hospital. Why can’t he just call her directly?
###Chapter 2150
Chapter 2150 
The nurse did not know anything about their relationship, let alone that Joan was a married woman. She had just been transferred to the hospital and was not privy to a lot of these matters. 
“Fine, I’ll make that phone call. Don’t worry, I’ll do it when I am done with my work later. Please take your medicine first.” The nurse handed his medication to him. 
He looked at the nurse earnestly and gulped down the pills without even a drop of water. 
Such a strange guy, the nurse shook her head and sighed to herself. 
Who pursues girls like that? This could take years and years. 
Soon, the nurse appeared in Caiden’s room again. 
“Hello, are you Caiden Owens’ family member? His condition is deteriorating, so please come to the hospital immediately.” 
When Joan heard that, her heart began beating wildly. 
Why would his condition suddenly worsen? Isn’t his mother there? Why isn’t she there today? 
“Miss, isn’t Caiden’s mother in the room with him right now?” Joan asked. 
“Oh? No, he is all alone in the room and he looks like he is in pain. I think it would be good for you to come over. We are quite busy so we can’t keep watching over him,” the nurse explained slowly. 
Caiden gave her a big thumbs up from the side.
“Nurse, do give a call to his mother. I really have some things that I need to do here and I can’t just leave like that.” Joan refused to comply. 
She did not want anything to do with Caiden anymore. I have done enough up till now. If I continue on, something will happen sooner or later. 
“Okay, I’ll give it a try then.” With that, the nurse hung up. 
“She asked me to call your mother,” she said as she looked at Caiden. 
“My mom isn’t here. Just tell her that my family isn’t by my side and that my mother has gone overseas,” he said deliberately. 
He knew that if he made the phone call himself, she would never agree to come to the hospital. In fact, she was probably already beginning to get suspicious. 
The nurse looked rather conflicted. She was not a good liar, and of course, she was not very willing to lie. 
“Come on, my happiness is in your hands!” Caiden pouted. 
The nurse had no choice but to shake her head and call Joan again. 
“Hello, Ms. Watts, I think it’s better that you come to the hospital. I just called Mr. Owens’ mother, and she is currently overseas,” the nurse said as she went against every strand of her personal judgment. 
What nonsense is this? His mother left the country while he was still hospitalized? This is getting stranger. Joan could suddenly feel her stress levels rising. Just when she could finally come out for a relaxing walk, she had to go back again because of two phone calls! I must have done something bad in my past life to deserve such punishment now.
“Dustin, something cropped up and I need to go now,” she hung up and said to Dustin. 
“Oh? You are leaving so soon?” He stood up slowly. 
“Yeah, there are many things going on. I need to go and settle them,” Joan explained. 
What issues could she have? She did not work, and Ms. Young could work on her garden herself. At the same time, Lucius was fine at school. What could she be busy with? 
“Joan, is there something that you are hiding from us?” He did not beat around the bush at all. 
Was it that obvious? He could see through me immediately? She suddenly felt rather guilty, but she could not say it out loud at all. 
Actually, Dustin had every ability to help her settle the matter had she shared it with him, but she did not want to owe him any favor.
###Chapter 2151
Chapter 2151 
Forget it! I don’t want to tell him about it. I can’t trouble him over everything that happens! Dustin is a very busy man. Not only does he have to deal with the supermarket, but he also has to handle Norton Corporation. It’s best not to disturb him. Besides, Larry doesn’t want me to be too involved with him anyway. 
“No, what could I hide from you? Don’t worry, they are just small matters. I’m leaving now, bye!” Joan then turned to leave. 
A cold glint appeared in Dustin’s eyes as he watched her leave. 
There must be something troubling her but she just didn’t want to say it. 
Joan practically ran all the way to the hospital. 
“Doctor, what happened to Caiden? Why would his condition suddenly worsen?” she was struggling for breath as she asked. 
“What are you talking about? What happened to Mr. Owens?” the doctor asked her in confusion. 
“Didn’t you call to say that his condition has worsened?” Joan asked. 
“No, he is fine. If his condition had really worsened, the nurses would have come to me,” the doctor answered with a shock. 
What is going on? She suddenly felt very frustrated. 
“Alright, thank you, Doctor.” Joan did not walk into the room but instead headed to the backyard.
How dare Caiden lie to me! Suddenly, anger rose within her heart as she went straight ahead for Caiden’s ward. 
Upon seeing her entering, Caiden asked, “Hey Joan, where were you? I’m in real pain here!” He sounded rather upset. 
How dare he continue to act this way? 
“Alright, stop acting. I know what happened. Caiden, I think we need to have a chat,” Joan said resolutely. 
She didn’t like to waste time and hated lies. Those pretentious moves had no impact on her whatsoever. 
She was already at peace with all that was happening with the world. Naturally, she did not like to be involved with too many other people. Moreover, there were too many things going on in her life recently. 
“Joan, what happened? Are you upset?” Caiden asked softly. 
Of course I am upset. Is it fun to lie to people? Does it make you happy to treat others like idiots? Does the whole world revolve around you? Dissatisfaction appeared in Joan’s eyes. 
“How do you feel? If you are well, I’d like to treat you to a meal,” Joan said in a low voice. 
What is she up to? Why is she suddenly treating me to a meal? Suddenly, Caiden felt rather uneasy. 
“If you can’t make it, It’s fine. Just stay in the hospital for a few more days until you are feeling better. I have something on, so I’ll leave first.” With that, Joan was about to leave the room. 
“Hey, wait, Joan. I can leave right after I pack up,” Caiden shouted.
Joan let out a snort. God knows how many times has he used the same tactic to lie to me? Who knows, he might have already planned everything and lay in wait for me to take the bait. 
The dim lights and soft music in the scarcely-filled restaurant seemed to reflect everyone’s mood that was as gloomy as the rainy weather out there. 
“Joan, why are you suddenly buying me a meal?” Caiden asked her quietly, afraid to look her in the eye. 
He really didn’t know? He is probably just feigning innocence! Joan sniggered to herself. 
That was simply human nature. In a complex society, one had to be sharp-witted to survive. A college student who was innocent and kind would be tainted after stepping into society—not to mention someone as intelligent as Caiden. 
“Tell me the truth, Caiden. What is your ulterior motive in approaching me?” Joan wasted no time at all. 
She did not have any time to waste on that person. At that moment, she was already very annoyed.
###Chapter 2152
Chapter 2152 
“Joan, what are you talking about? I have no ulterior motive at all!” Caiden replied emotionally. 
He is still lying! 
“All I have is this one question for you. If you can’t answer it, I think there is no reason for us to continue talking.” With that, Joan got up to leave. 
“Hey, fine, I’ll tell you,” he shouted after her and tugged on her shoulder. 
How can she not tell? I like her! A hint of avoidance flashed across Caiden’s eyes. 
“Joan, I’ve liked you since we were in school—this is the truth. I have never forgotten about you even when I was overseas,” Caiden said hesitatingly. 
What? She looked at him with shock and suspicion. 
Larry had reminded her that Caiden was not as innocent as he seemed, but she shrugged it off. It seemed like Larry was right after all. 
Was I too innocent? Joan gripped her fingers anxiously. 
“Caiden, you know that I am a married woman. There is no possibility between the two of us. Moreover, I see you as a regular friend. So please, stop looking for me,” Joan said coldly. 
How could they continue being friends after this awkward incident? She did not believe that he could change his mindset overnight. 
“Joan, I know you have a family and that Larry is the one you love. However, I don’t mind it at all. I believe that love can be developed over time. We just need to spend more time together, that’s all.”
Caiden looked at her passionately. 
What kind of nonsensical logic is this? Even if we were to spend every single day together, there is no way I would like him! I have never thought about him that way. 
“Caiden, I’m here today to clear the air with you. Since you have expressed your intentions, I should make mine clear too. I, Joan Watts, belong to only Larry Norton. There will never be another man for me,” Joan said decidedly and earnestly. 
She made her stance very clear. If he still wanted to cling onto her, the solution was simple. She would have no choice but to behave coldly towards him, even though it was not her preferred way. 
“Joan, are you telling me that you have not even the tiniest feeling for me?” Caiden asked with a trembling voice. 
I don’t believe it! How could she not feel anything after all that I have done for her? 
“I’ve always seen you as my junior, my friend, and my savior. But you? You’ve lied to me multiple times, so what did you expect? You should know that I’ve always hated liars. You should have just confessed to me directly instead of lying to me,” Joan reprimanded him severely. 
Human nature was very complicated and Joan was sick of it. 
“What does Larry have that I don’t? Is he more handsome? Is he richer?” Caiden asked through gritted teeth. 
What a silly question. How could he compare to Larry? Larry would look good even in sportswear! 
“No, you are great. It’s just that we are not suitable for each other. Look, Caiden, you can look for a better woman to spend the rest of your life with. It’s just that the woman is not me.” With that, Joan got
up. 
“No, that woman must be you. I don’t want anyone else!” Caiden shouted loudly while grabbing onto her shoulders. 
He was on the verge of losing control, which frightened Joan. 
“Let me go! We are in a restaurant!” she shouted out loud. 
Of course, he knew where they were, but he just did not want her to leave him.
###Chapter 2153
Chapter 2153 
“Joan, please don’t leave me! I really need you. I can’t live without you,” Caiden pleaded to her tenderly. 
What is going on? Is he erupting into a crying scene now? Joan glanced at him and decided to let him continue. 
“Hey look, are they arguing?” 
“I don’t know. Wow, that man is so handsome!” 
Finally, he released her. That was probably because he felt her irritation. They then parted ways unhappily. 
Joan did not turn around at all as she left the restaurant. Immediately, she hopped onto a cab to go home. On the other hand, Caiden remained rooted to the ground at the entrance and watched sorrowfully as she left. 
Was I really wrong? Holding his head with both his hands, all he could feel was a pounding headache. 
“Hey sir, there is a car right there!” a woman behind him screamed out loud. 
However, he was so lost in his own world that he could not hear the voices behind him nor sense the movements around him. Before he knew it, he was in the middle of the busy road. 
“Bang!” 
A screeching slam on the break could be heard but alas, the driver could not stop in time. 
“Joan,” was Caiden’s first word as he fell, and it was also his last.
Immediately, a curious crowd formed around him, and the ambulance arrived before long. 
There was no one outside the operating theater when the doctors performed the surgery on him. No one could contact his family, and when they called Joan, she did not pick up either. 
“Joan, your phone has been ringing for a long time. Why aren’t you picking it up?” Delilah asked her curiously. 
“Oh, it’s nothing. I’m sure it’s one of those spam calls,” Joan said quietly. 
I don’t think so. Who would make so many continuous spam calls? Delilah felt suspicious instantly. 
“No matter what, this person has been calling you the entire afternoon. I think you should just pick up the call in case it is something urgent,” Delilah said purposefully. 
Even though Joan did not mention it, Delilah knew that something was up. Joan was not one to ignore phone calls randomly unless she was deliberately avoiding something. 
“Mm-hmm,” Joan responded and turned to return to her room. 
Indeed, the name on the screen made her feel rather disgusted. 
“Caiden Owens, what is it that you want? How many times must I tell you to stop calling me? It’s impossible for the two of us!” she roared into the phone. 
She was already very emotional, and his clingy persistence frustrated her more than ever. 
“Hello, Ms. Watts. I am not Mr. Owens. He was involved in a serious car accident. We haven’t been able to contact his family…” the nurse said softly. 
Oh, so we are playing this game again? How annoying! Fury rose in Joan’s heart.
“I’m not his family member nor his friend. I’m sorry, but you have gotten the wrong number.” With that, Joan was about to hang up. 
“No, Ms. Watts. I’m serious. Mr. Owens is involved in a serious car accident. If you don’t believe me, I can send you a picture. He is in the operating theater right now. I can take a picture…” 
She was stunned for a moment but soon resumed her angry expression. 
“That’s it, I will never believe in this kind of thing anymore. Just call someone else. I’m hanging up now,” Joan replied with a low voice and hung up immediately. 
Whether he was really in a serious car accident or not, it had nothing to do with her anymore. 
She had already made it clear that they were to have no more connection and would not disturb each other again. 
She had pretty much repaid Caiden for saving her life. More importantly, she had already lost every ounce of trust in him.
###Chapter 2154
Chapter 2154 
Throughout this period of time, he was the reason why Larry had misunderstood me! Why else would there be a woman sending breakfast to Larry? Frustration flashed across Joan’s eyes. 
Her phone rang again. She hung up immediately before leaving her room. 
That’s it! I’m just going to ignore it! I’ll just head to the garden! 
“Ms. Young, I am going to the garden!” she shouted and headed for the door with her jacket. 
“Hey, what are you doing there? I’ve already done cleaning up.” Delilah rushed out but Joan was already nowhere to be seen. 
Why did that silly girl look so absent minded? Delilah frowned rather unhappily. 
Finally, she could have some rest at home. Delilah lounged on the sofa and flipped through some magazines while soaking in the peace and quiet. 
However, the buzzing sound from Joan’s phone disrupted her concentration. Annoyed, she went into Joan’s room and picked up her phone. 
Hmm? It’s Caiden… Did Joan purposely leave her phone behind? 
“Hello Ms. Watts, please come to the hospital. We really need you to sign some papers in order to proceed with Mr. Owens’ procedure. There are less than five people in his call record and we could only get through your phone,” the nurse said worriedly. 
What’s going on? Delilah was a little confused. 
“Hello, I’m not Joan. What happened to Caiden?” she asked softly.
“Mr. Owens was involved in a serious car accident but Ms. Watts does not seem to believe it. Could you get her to come to the hospital please?” 
As they exchanged a few words, Delilah could immediately sense the gravity of the matter. Hence, she immediately ran out with the phone. 
What’s wrong with Joan? How could she assume that something as serious as this could be a joke? 
“Joan, quick, to the hospital!” The moment she entered the garden, she began dragging Joan away. 
Joan was rather dumbfounded. She did not understand what Delilah was doing. 
“What’s going on, Ms. Young? Did something happen? Are you not feeling well?” she quickly asked as she touched Ms. Young’s forehead. 
“You silly girl! It’s not me, but Caiden. He is your savior. How could you ignore him when he is in such a serious car accident?” Delilah sounded rather disapproving. 
So she knew as well. Joan suddenly felt rather embarrassed. She had been fooled by Caiden for so long and had only just discovered it. 
“Ms. Young, you found out about it. Well, never mind him. I’ll never fall for his tricks again,” Joan said softly. 
What is going on? What is she talking about? Shouldn’t she be really anxious right now? Is her nonsense linked to the fact that she hadn’t had breakfast yet? 
“Joan, are you alright?” Delilah asked her cautiously. 
“I’m fine.”
“Then what are you still doing here? Go to the hospital before it is too late!” With that, Delilah pushed her out of the garden. 
“No, Ms. Young. He is lying to you!” 
Delilah did not know what she was talking about and merely dragged her to the hospital. Indeed, Delilah did not know anything about Caiden and her. 
“You are finally here, Ms. Watts!” the nurse said anxiously. 
However, Joan looked rather disinterested. 
What is going on again? Is he in pain again? In another car accident? Alas, she did not believe him anymore. 
“Mr. Owens is still in the operating theater, but he should be coming out soon,” the nurse said. 
Wow, it looked very real this time. 
“Ms. Young, I’ll make a move first as I have something that I need to attend to.” Joan turned to leave. 
“Joan, what are you doing? You are already here. How could you just leave now?” Delilah immediately grabbed her by her shoulder.
###Chapter 2155
Chapter 2155 
“Yes, Ms. Watts. Mr. Owens really needs you right now. I am not lying to you at all,” the nurse said with tears brimming in her eyes. 
Joan suddenly softened at that sight. 
Could she be telling the truth? So Caiden is not acting? She looked up blankly at the lights above the operating theater. 
“Please listen to me, Ms. Watts. The last time was indeed a fraud. However, it’s different this time,” the nurse said. 
What accident could he be involved in? How could anything happen to him? Joan shook her head. 
“Alright. Why can’t you just wait for a while? Let’s see what happens after he is out,” Delilah said. 
He better not lie to me. Otherwise, I will really cut all ties with this man! 
Bang! 
After some time, the light was switched off and the bed was pushed out. The doctors heaved a sigh of relief as they removed their face masks. 
“How was it, doctor?” the nurse asked worriedly. Caiden had become close to the nurse during his previous admission. Naturally, the nurse was concerned about him. 
“Thankfully, he was brought here in time. Otherwise, he would have lost his leg.” The doctor then left immediately. 
Suddenly, Joan stared blankly at Caiden, who was lying on the bed.
What is going on? He is not just acting? How could this look so real? She suddenly panicked inside. 
“Ms. Watts, I really did not lie to you. Look, all these are real,” the nurse said in a low voice as she pointed at Caiden. 
Yes, she could see it clearly for herself. But how did this happen? She was in a daze. 
“Caiden?” she shook him gently and called out his name. 
However, there was no reaction from him at all. 
“Wake up, Caiden. It’s me, Joan!” For the longest time, Caiden still had no reaction at all. Joan was suddenly frightened. She did not expect Caiden to really be involved in an accident. 
“Look, I told you so! How could you hesitate and dawdle when something so serious had happened to him?” Delilah grumbled. 
Who could have known that he would really be involved in an accident? 
“My son!” Suddenly, a woman’s voice could be heard. 
It was Caiden’s mother who was sobbing from the moment she came in through the entrance. Her emotions were completely out of control. 
“Don’t cry, Mrs. Owens. Caiden is fine now,” Joan consoled her. 
Suddenly, Caiden’s mother turned around and glared at Joan angrily. 
“It’s all because of you! My son is in this state because of you! Joan Watts, I’ve just found out that you are not only married, but you also have a child. Why are you still involved with my son? Why are you still seducing him?” she screamed at her.
Delilah was completely shell shocked. 
Joan wouldn’t do such a thing! Could there be some misunderstanding here? 
“Madam, I think you might have misunderstood. Joan and Caiden are just regular friends,” Delilah immediately explained. 
“Liar! Ask her whether she was here to take care of him for an entire week? Didn’t my son accompany her son on a field trip? Didn’t he buy clothes for her son?” the woman pointed at Joan’s nose and continued shouting. 
Yes, everything she said was the truth. 
Delilah immediately went to Joan and looked at her quizzically while waiting for her response. 
At that moment, Joan’s eyes were filled with hot tears. Suddenly, she looked up at the ceiling in an attempt to hold back her tears. 
“Mrs. Owens, I am indeed married. I have a husband, a son, and Ms. Young here who loves me very much. I came to the hospital to take care of Caiden because he saved my life once. Apart from that, there is nothing else between us,” Joan said resolutely.
###Chapter 2156
Chapter 2156 
What a joke! Despite being married, she came to the hospital to take care of a stranger just because the latter saved her life once? Why didn’t she just marry him? Why did she get involved with my son? 
“Whatever! I won’t believe anything that you say now. You better pray that my son is fine. Otherwise, I will never let you off!” she said while caressing Caiden’s hair. 
Delilah immediately pulled Joan to the door and looked at her sternly. 
“What is going on? So you have been out for the whole day all because of Caiden?” Delilah asked while suppressing her emotions. 
Joan remained silent and nodded. 
Suddenly, Delilah began pacing up and down. 
“Joan, how could you be so silly? You could have gotten him a nurse. Why did you do it yourself? You are not married to him and neither are you in a relationship with him. You have your own family as well. How would others view you if they found out?” 
Joan looked completely helpless. 
There was nothing else that she could say. She had given the same suggestion to Caiden before, but he refused to accept it. She had no choice. There was no way she could just heartlessly leave him alone in the hospital. It was only then that she realized everything was part of Caiden’s master plan. 
“Oh yes Ms. Watts, this is Mr. Owens’s medicine. When he is awake, don’t forget to give this to him. You are his favorite and he will definitely listen to you and take his medication.” The nurse then left after handing her the medication.
Delilah patted her head and felt a migraine coming. 
Does Larry know about this? If he finds out, this could be the end of it. 
This time he didn’t lie to me. He was really in trouble, Joan thought as she stood guiltily at the door. 
This happened just after I left the restaurant. Does the accident have anything to do with me? Was I too harsh to him? 
“Joan,” he called out to her from the bed. 
Joan immediately ran into the room and looked at Caiden worriedly. 
“I’m right here. You are awake, Caiden,” she exclaimed excitedly. 
Olivia glared at her angrily. 
“Why are you here?” Caiden said the moment he opened his eyes. 
Instantly, Olivia felt rather embarrassed. 
She felt like she had lost all of her pride when her son spoke to her in that tone. 
“Caiden, I’m here to see you. You were in an accident, so of course, I have to be here to take care of you,” she said softly while helping him smoothen his blanket. 
Could she be that kind? Caiden sniggered. She probably has an ulterior motive! 
“If you are here to make me go home, I can tell you right now that I will never go back in my lifetime. Also, I am definitely not inheriting any of your companies or businesses. I have my own things going on, and I cannot care less for your property,” Caiden said coldly.
Delilah grimaced at his ruthless words. 
Unless they have never shared a good relationship, who speaks to their own mother like that? Looks like Caiden has been through a lot too, Delilah sighed. 
“Just leave,” he continued. 
Is he throwing me out of here? Olivia stared at him quizzically. 
“Yes, you. I want you to leave. I don’t want to get angry.” 
He had suffered enough. He had given her enough respect when she first came to the hospital, and he did so just because of Jaden. He knew very well that Jaden had been reporting his every move to Olivia these few years. It was just that he had chosen to ignore it.
###Chapter 2157
Chapter 2157 
On top of that, he knew very well that if Olivia continued staying in the hospital, it will decrease the chances of Joan coming over. Since he had no existing relationship with his mother, he might as well put his energy and affection on the woman he loved. 
“Joan, I’d like to have some water. Could you get me a glass of water, please?” Caiden turned his head and asked Joan quietly. 
“Oh, sure,” Joan answered immediately and quickly went to pour him a glass of water. 
Olivia felt a wave of embarrassment wash over her and her heart felt like it had shattered into a million pieces. Never could she have imagined that her son would treat her as heartlessly as this. 
Or was this just his way of taking revenge? 
“Fine, I’ll leave.” With that, she left the room, leaving nothing behind but the clicking sound of her platform heels. 
At that moment, only Delilah and Caiden were left in the room. A suffocating silence loomed over them. 
“Are you alright? How do you feel?” Delilah asked him softly. 
“I’m so sorry that you had to make this trip, Ms. Young. Don’t worry, I’ll recover in no time,” Caiden replied. 
Should I be honest with him? This does not seem to be the best time. Never mind, I don’t have to say it now.
“You have to be careful when you go out next time. There are a lot of cars on the road these days with even more reckless drivers,” Delilah continued. 
Caiden had thought that Delilah would blame him for troubling Joan all the time. Little did he expect that she would show care and concern for him instead. 
Of course, Delilah had wanted to give him something to think about, but she relented at the sight of his exhausted look. 
“Come on, Caiden. Have some water,” Joan said and handed him the water. 
“Joan, is the water very warm? I’m so sorry,” Caiden said to her apologetically. 
Delilah could immediately sense that something was up. Even though Joan did not respond to him that much, it was clear that he was taking the initiative. 
No, if this goes on, Joan will be taken away by Caiden sooner than later. 
“Joan, go back and get some rest. Lucius is looking for you. He says there are some school activities tomorrow, so it’s better that you get home early to prepare for it. Don’t worry, I’ll take care of things here,” Delilah said. 
Joan was perplexed as she stared at Delilah. In her mind, she could not recall much interaction between Delilah and Caiden. Why would she volunteer to stay behind with him? 
“Ms. Young, you still need to care for the flowers in your garden. Don’t worry, I can stay here,” Joan mumbled. 
She knew very well that Delilah would spend the rest of the day worrying about the flowers if she did not get home.
“Just take care of the garden for me. You are probably more efficient than an old lady like me,” Delilah then deliberately assigned her a few tasks in order to distract her. 
What is going on with Ms. Young? 
“Joan, Ms. Young looks rather frail and she is getting along in her years. I should not make her do things for me. I think it is best that you stay behind,” Caiden murmured. 
Delilah suddenly shot up from her seat. 
“I said I am the one staying here,” she replied icily before walking out of the room. 
Fine, she can stay here. Why is she getting angry over this? It doesn’t matter who stays behind. 
“What do you think, Joan?” Caiden asked her cautiously. 
What do I think? Of course I am going to respect Ms. Young’s decision. Yes, listening to Ms. Young’s advice is the right thing to do. 
“I need to participate in Lucius’s school activity tomorrow and I need to prepare for it tonight. Let’s just have Ms. Young stay with you today. Don’t worry, she will definitely take good care of you,” Joan said while patting his shoulder reassuringly.
###Chapter 2158
Chapter 2158 
He knew that Delilah was capable of taking care of him. However, losing Joan would mean losing all sense of excitement and fun in life. 
“Then, you have to come back as soon as the event ends tomorrow.” 
Joan’s heart was shaken upon seeing Caiden’s somewhat coquettish expression and the way he pouted his lips. 
Larry, we’ll talk about it in the future. 
She wanted to explain to Larry so badly, but did not have the time to do so. 
When Delilah entered the ward, Joan was nowhere to be seen. There was only a dejected Caiden sitting on the bed, looking out the window. 
It was true that Lucius had an event organized in school, which Delilah did not inform Joan beforehand. 
“Mom, will you accompany me to the school event tomorrow?” Lucius asked softly while burying his head in Joan’s embrace. 
“Yes, I’m going to school with you tomorrow, all right?” Joan replied as she gently pinched his cheek. 
“Sure! I called Dad just now, but he said he won’t be free.” A tinge of disappointment flashed across his eyes. 
Oh yes, Larry hasn’t been home for a few days already. I wonder how he is right now and if the matters at his company are handled well.
Meanwhile, only Larry’s office at the Norton Corporation was still brightly lit. He was sitting on the sofa with his fingers typing on the keyboard non-stop, looking extremely busy. 
Jessica was waiting for him to get off work impatiently. 
“Mr. Norton, do you know what time it is? Shouldn’t you be going home?” Jessica muttered. 
“I’m not going home tonight because I still have a lot of pending work. You can go ahead and have dinner,” Larry answered. 
Why is he so busy? Jessica approached him and leaned forward. There was something unusual about her gaze. 
She draped her arms on Larry’s shoulders. “Are you feeling very tired lately? Is it because of the incident with the manufacturer?” 
Sensing a strange atmosphere in the office, the man rose to his feet and pried her off. 
“I repeat, Ms. Zimmer, we’re just friends and it’s impossible for us to develop anything beyond that line. I’m a family man and you know that very well. As for my wife, I’m certain that she will tell me what she did as soon as I get home. It’s getting late, so you’d better go.” Larry continued working after making himself clear. 
He’s such a stubborn man with no fun. Had it been any other men, they wouldn’t be able to resist me. I didn’t ask for his commitment, so why is he so uptight? 
“Mr. Norton, I don’t intend to wreck your family. We can be friends with benefits and gratify each other’s needs, don’t you think so?” Jessica winked at him.
This is an interesting perspective. Squinting his eyes, that woman had successfully piqued Larry’s interest. Then, what are her needs? 
“What do you want exactly?” he asked directly. 
Jessica was completely stunned as the question came like a bolt from the blue. 
It seems like he’s not as smart as I think he is. Isn’t it obvious from my gesture? Or is he just feigning ignorance? 
Actually, Larry knew what Jessica was suggesting, but he wanted to confirm his speculation as he could not believe that her thought process was bordered on the absurd. 
“I want you. I just want you.” As she spoke, Jessica hugged Larry tightly from behind and heaved a breath into his ear. 
She sure has some guts! Larry scoffed. 
He had met many outrageous personalities, but only one as bizarre as Jessica. It was the first time a peculiar character like her appeared before him. 
“Jessica, can you tell me the reason why you bring me breakfast every single morning?” Larry turned around and looked at her attentively.
###Chapter 2159
Chapter 2159 
Because I like you! What other reason could there be? The woman looked at him suspiciously while trying hard to guess his intention. 
“If you are lonely, go hit the streets and you’ll find many handsome guys you can pick up. Some are even more good-looking than me. You don’t have to waste your time on me. Deep down, I believe that you’re aware of your own feelings. You don’t love me. Instead, you love the challenge of conquering me because you enjoy it as a cheap thrill,” Larry uttered. 
His analysis was accurate. From the very beginning, Jessica was attracted to his looks. She wanted to prove to everyone that she had the ability to make a married man like Larry fall for her. 
Unfortunately, Jessica misinterpreted her own feelings. She assumed that she loved that man, but in truth, it was just a mind game. 
“What are you talking about? Larry, I really really like you. How could you say that about me and mock my feelings for you?” she roared. 
This is such a joke! She’s treating herself as an . Yet, she still claims that she likes me earnestly. 
She was too blind to realize her own heart, but Larry saw through her intentions. “Frankly speaking, Ms. Zimmer, it’s not a must for Norton Corporation to collaborate with the Zimmer family. I just thought that it’s a pity to terminate this business relationship after years of working together.” 
“Since your father had made an unswerving decision to discontinue our partnership, we won’t push it any further. However, the party who will be suffering hefty losses is definitely the Zimmers, not Norton Corporation.” Staring at the woman sternly, Larry was resolute in his speech.
Jessica had analyzed the situation before and that was one of the ives why she approached Larry. She could not understand her father’s decision to end the collaboration with Norton Corporation. Therefore, she had been monitoring each of their moves since her return. 
“Do you mean that you’ve found a more suitable manufacturing company?” she asked curiously. 
Yes, Caspian sent me a text saying that he’s located the foreign manufacturer. I just need to negotiate the terms with him personally. 
I’ve given the Zimmer family sufficient time and plenty of opportunities. If they’re still unwilling to collaborate, we’ll cut off ties with them and end up going our separate ways. 
“You don’t need to know about that. Jessica, you ought to remember that I’ve not done anything bad toward the Zimmers. My conscience is clear. I’ve given all that I could and I’ve never cut corners. That’s it for us.” With a helpless look settling upon his face, Larry shrugged his shoulders. 
He knew that it was not Jessica’s fault, but her father who terminated the collaboration without any valid reason. As a result, the Zimmers had to bear a bad reputation and huge losses. 
“Mr. Norton, I’m not too sure about my father’s plans. Could you let me understand the entire situation from him first before making your final decision?” Jessica asked desperately. 
Panic-stricken, she never expected Larry to have found a manufacturer within such a short timeframe. 
“No need. Your father should be the one discussing with me, not you,” Larry replied softly. 
Although Jessica was the only heir to the Zimmer family, she had not taken over the operations of the company. Therefore, she was in no position to make any business decisions. 
“Everything’s ready, Larry,” Caspian said under his breath. Great, it’s time to set off.
“Let’s go.” Larry picked up his briefcase while on the way out of his office. 
“Um… Larry…” Caspian faltered. 
“I think it’s best we inform Joan so that she won’t be worried,” Caspian mumbled. 
Upon hearing that suggestion, gloom veiled Larry’s face. 
Do I need to inform her? Does she care about how I feel when she didn’t return home for the night? He was infuriated when he recalled the night when Joan stayed out all night.
###Chapter 2160
Chapter 2160 
“No need. We’ll come back right away once the matter is settled,” Larry murmured. 
Anxiousness was written all over Caspian’s face. 
Both Larry and Caspian did not know that someone was tailing them during their trip abroad. 
“How’s everything? All good?” Larry asked when they were on the flight. 
“Rest assured, Larry. Everything’s been arranged. They’re looking forward to our arrival,” Caspian reported confidently. 
This is the only chance I’ve got and I must secure it no matter what the few bosses of the manufacturing company back home think. I can’t afford to lose this opportunity. 
“Should I send a text to Joan?” Caspian asked cautiously. 
What the heck? Larry was so annoyed by what happened the other night. 
“No need. If you have the time, use it to read the documents instead,” Larry answered while fixing his shirt. 
That was the first time Caspian encountered a determined Larry. 
Did something happen between them? Otherwise, why is Larry acting so cold whenever I bring up Joan? 
Forget it! I shall let them settle it among themselves. An outsider like me should not interfere.
Suddenly, a woman in sunglasses and thick clothes sat beside Larry. He did not notice her as his eyes were fixated on documents projected on his tablet screen. 
“Ahem!” the woman cleared her throat loudly. 
To her dismay, both Caspian and Larry did not react to her at all. 
Being a workaholic, Larry would not be distracted even if someone was dancing beside him. 
“Ahem! Ahem!” the woman did it again, coughing even louder this time. 
A flight attendant who was standing nearby came dashing to her. 
“Miss, is your throat all right? Would you like a glass of water?” 
With her head lifted slightly, the woman waved at the flight attendant to signal her to leave. 
Larry is so serious that he didn’t even notice that I’m sitting next to him. 
Feeling a little exasperated, Jessica was rendered speechless. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, the plane is about to take off. Please fasten your seat belt…” 
Right then, Jessica had dozed off. 
Due to the early morning flight, she could not fight the feeling of exhaustion, so she shut her eyes and fell asleep without buckling her seat belt. 
Larry was never a man who would pay attention to strangers. As expected, he did not notice that the woman next to him had dozed off without wearing a seat belt. 
Thud!
When the plane accelerated during takeoff, Jessica jerked forward and had her head bumped into the front seat. 
“Ouch, this is so painful!” holding her head, she whined. 
“Miss, are you okay? Let me take a look.” A flight attendance dashed toward her to check on her injury. 
“Here, let me apply some ointment on your forehead.” The flight attendant did as she said. 
“Jessica? Why are you here?” Larry was shocked to the core. 
He had been reading his documents and neglected the troublemaker sitting beside him. 
“Can’t I go out of the country? You don’t own the flight, do you?” Jessica grumbled. 
“Why didn’t you fasten your seat belt?” 
I wonder how did she survive studying abroad when she lacks common sense? 
“Are you blind? Didn’t you see that I was asleep?” she refuted coldly. 
Irritated by the bump on her head, her speech became harsh. 
“Well, Ms. Zimmer, that’s your own fault, isn’t it? Why are you releasing your anger on Larry?” Caspian said indignantly. 
Oh, he’s trying to be righteous and stand up for Larry, huh? She glared at Caspian. 
Although he looks good, he’s incomparable to Larry. What did Larry have in mind when he picked such a person as his assistant?
###Chapter 2161
Chapter 2161 
“There, all done. Please ring the bell if you need any assistance, Miss.” The flight attendant smiled sweetly before turning to leave. 
“Sure, thank you,” Jessica replied. 
After the minor accident, she was in a bad mood. Feeling displeased, she did not want to say another word nor speak with anyone. Larry sensed her emotions and kept quiet. On the contrary, Caspian kept picking on her. 
Alas, Jessica could not hold back her anger and lashed out at him, “Hey, are you done nagging? Can you stop blabbing now?” 
She cared about her reputation in public very much and tried to suppress her emotions. 
“What’s with your attitude? It’s all your fault and yet you’re the one pulling a long face and throwing a tantrum,” Caspian rebutted. 
He had always loathed that woman and had blacklisted her ever since she first showed up in front of him. 
“Well, Larry didn’t say anything, so what makes you think that a small assistant like you has the right to keep harping on it?” Jessica said contemptuously. 
Though they kept their voices low, Larry who sat in between them was extremely irritated by their endless arguments and left his seat. 
“Look who’s talking? You’re the one who keeps on bugging Larry even though you know that he’s married…”
Somehow, Caspian was all geared up with energy to lock horns with that woman. 
“What’s wrong with those two people, huh?” 
“I’m not sure, but it seems like a heated argument.” 
“What else? Surely, it’s the usual couple fights.” 
A few passengers aside were chattering away. 
“We’re not a couple!” both Jessica and Caspian responded in unison. 
Stupid man, how daring of him to act so fierce toward me! Jessica’s blood was boiling, but the other passengers broke out into laughter. 
As everyone quietened down, Caspian and Jessica felt so awkward. It was mainly because Larry had left his seat, leaving only the two of them. 
“Where’s Larry?” the woman asked moments later. 
“He left just now,” Caspian uttered. 
“Don’t state the obvious!” 
Upon disembarkation, Jessica trailed behind the two men closely. Caspian was baffled at her actions. 
“Larry, why does the woman keep following us?” he whispered to Larry. 
“Just as I’ve predicted. It’s only abnormal if she’s not following us,” Larry replied casually. 
What does that mean? She’s here on purpose? Caspian turned his head to peek on the woman suspiciously.
Jessica grew up abroad, so she was never shy. In fact, she felt nothing. 
I must cling to him no matter what. Whether I truly like him or I just want to win him over—he can only be mine. 
“Hey, Ms. Zimmer, can you stop stalking us? We’ve got some serious business we need to attend to. Your interference is not welcomed.” Caspian tried to hold back from expressing his true feelings. 
Larry, on the other hand, remained silent because he knew how determined Jessica was. She would never give up on something she had set her mind on, so there was no use of him attempting to convince her otherwise. 
Tilting her chin up, Jessica questioned domineeringly, “What did I do? I didn’t make you pay for my food or drinks; neither did I bring you any trouble. So, how exactly have I affected you?” 
Why is there such a shameless woman on earth? I’ve made it crystal clear, yet, she’s still brazenly tailing us like a shadow. Forget it, I’ll just let her be. 
“Where are we going, Larry? To see the boss of the manufacturing company?” Caspian inquired further. 
“No, let’s head to the hotel.” Larry took the lead and strode ahead. 
Right then, Jessica was as excited as a child on Christmas morning.
###Chapter 2162
Chapter 2162 
Finally, we can go to the hotel and get some rest. The woman smiled at her own thought while Caspian found her irritating. 
“May I know how many rooms you need?” asked the friendly receptionist. 
“Three,” Caspian answered. 
“Two,” Jessica argued. 
The receptionist looked at the trio with a confused look. Larry had his eyes locked on his tablet screen, disregarding everything that was happening around him. 
“Do you guys need to have a discussion first?” the receptionist asked. 
“No need, three rooms,” Caspian reiterated. 
“No need, two rooms!” Jessica rebutted. 
Has this woman gone nuts? There are three of us. Why is she insisting on only two rooms? Is she not staying in this hotel? 
“You’re not staying here? Great, then we’ll only need two rooms.” Caspian was about to pass his card to the receptionist. 
“Who says I’m not staying here? I’ll share a room with Larry.” 
Caspian felt like he had been struck by lightning. 
Is she delusional? Do all women love building castles in the air? Caspian stared at her in disbelief.
“Hey, are you out of your mind? Larry is taking a single room. What are you thinking?” Caspian rebuked her. 
What else am I thinking? I want Larry! Jessica smiled sheepishly. 
“Mind your own business. Two rooms it is,” she smirked. 
Caspian did not know what to do with her persistent attitude. He turned to Larry and posted him a serious question, “Larry, how many rooms do we need?” 
“Two,” he replied plainly. 
What? Caspian’s eyes widened. This woman has lost her mind, that’s for sure. But you too? No way, this isn’t the Larry I know! 
“Are you sure, Larry? There’re three of us, so there should be three rooms altogether.” 
“Two will do.” He left after saying so. 
Does he want to share a room with me or that evil woman? What’s going on? ”Two rooms, please. Thank you.” Furious, Caspian passed his card to the receptionist. 
Hearing his request, Jessica grinned from ear to ear. 
Gazing at Larry from afar, her mind ran wild with various imaginations. 
Perhaps he’s been faking it all this while and he actually does have feelings for me? 
“Mr. Norton,” she called out to him gently as she walked toward him and ran her left arm around his shoulders. 
“What are you doing?” Larry asked directly without lifting his head.
“I didn’t expect that, Mr. Norton.” She pulled her collar with her right hand, attempting to expose her beautiful collarbone. 
Larry snorted, but did not comment anything. 
Looking at the ridiculous scene, Caspian was enraged. 
What a scheming b***h! She is trying to steal someone else’s husband! His face scowled as he clenched his fists. However, he still had faith in Larry that he would be able to withstand her seduction. 
Larry won’t betray Joan. Caspian consoled himself. 
“Larry, I’m going to leave the suitcases in the room,” Caspian informed him as he walked ahead. 
“Don’t you need to go over?” Larry asked. 
“I only have one suitcase. Larry, I’m feeling a bit tired. Could you help me bring it to the room, please?” She leaned against the man standing next to her. 
As a woman who takes initiative, she seems to be a good match for Caspian. Larry stopped in his tracks. 
“You go ahead. I still have some pending work to be done,” Larry pushed her into the room as he spoke. 
Why does he have an endless to-do list? There are so many shareholders in Norton Corporation, but why is Larry the only one working? Jessica pouted her lips and got up slowly. 
“All right then, I’ll go take a bath and wait for you.” She pinched his cheeks gently before leaving.
###Chapter 2163
Chapter 2163 
The man took out a tissue from his pocket and wiped his cheeks. 
Larry continued working on his laptop at the hotel lobby for some time until his phone rang. 
“Hey Larry, why aren’t you coming up? It’s getting late. Leave the rest of the work to tomorrow,” Caspian reminded him anxiously. 
Larry turned to his side and looked out the window, only to realize that it was already late in the evening. 
“I won’t be going up to the room tonight. You go ahead and sleep.” He was about to hang up after saying so. 
Absolutely not! Caspian panicked. 
“Hey, Larry, you can’t betray Joan! Although Jessica is very pretty, she’s…” 
“I didn’t say I’m going to her room. She’s too noisy. I’m changing to another hotel. Bye.” Larry hung up. 
Stunned, Caspian stared at his phone. 
“Sir, do you need me to book you a single room?” the receptionist approached him and asked politely. 
“It’s okay, thank you,” Larry replied as he got up and left the hotel. 
Why isn’t he here yet? It’s already two in the morning. Jessica behaved like she had ants in her pants as she glanced at her watch. 
This won’t do. I have to go and check it out myself. She grabbed her jacket and walked out of her room.
Right then, there was no one in the lobby. 
What’s going on? Where’s the receptionist? Where is Larry? Where did everyone go? Jessica looked around with bated breath. 
“Hello, Miss. How may I help you?” a receptionist approached her all of a sudden and asked. 
“Um… Did you see the man who was sitting here just now? Where did he go?” Jessica asked anxiously. 
This is so frustrating. Could it be that he went to Caspian’s room? Jessica gasped as if an idea dawned on her. 
Oh no, does Larry have a kinky taste? No, no, no, this can’t happen. 
Immediately, she fled the scene before the receptionist could answer her question. 
“Larry!” Jessica yelled as she ran to Caspian’s room. 
With no consideration for other hotel guests, she knocked fiercely on the door. 
“Hey! What’s all the ruckus in the wee hours? I’m trying to get some sleep here!” 
“Precisely! Who’s the idiot clamoring in the hallway?” 
A few men from the rooms nearby popped their heads out and shouted at Jessica. 
Worried sick about Larry sleeping with Caspian in the same room, she was no longer bothered by how others viewed her.
The harsh knocking on the door woke Caspian up from his sleep. Rubbing his bleary eyes, he got up slowly and then walked toward the door. 
Thud! Jessica exerted all her force and pinned Caspian against the wall. 
Ouch! Caspian held his belly and groaned. 
“Come on out, Larry! Show yourself. Aren’t you supposed to be sleeping with me? Why are you staying with this stupid man? Don’t hide from me! I know you’re in here. Come out, right now!” Jessica searched the entire room but to no avail. 
This is weird. Where did he go? He couldn’t have grown a pair of wings and flew away, could he? Suspiciously, Jessica examined every nook and cranny. 
“Hey! Where did you hide Larry?” she started interrogating him. 
Completely flabbergasted, Caspian tried to figure out why did she barge into his room in the first place. 
“Tell me why you are here?” 
He was distracted by the bump at the back of his head and neglected what she said earlier. 
“You’re asking me why am I here? You took Larry away from me and you still have the cheek to ask me that? Caspian, do you have no shame? Larry is like a brother to you. How could you do such a filthy thing?” She stared daggers at him. 
What’s all this about? What dirty things have I done to Larry? What on earth is she implying?
###Chapter 2164
Chapter 2164 
“Why? Don’t dare to admit that you have a special interest? Larry is a straight guy. Don’t you dare to make him into a queer!” Jessica scorned. 
Finally, Caspian realized what that commotion was about. 
She’s so crazy to think that I’m a gay? I was married. How ridiculous. 
“Whatever it is that you are thinking, don’t speculate blindly. Get out of my room now. I’m going to bed. There are tons of work waiting for me tomorrow. Larry isn’t here, so would you please leave right away?” Caspian gestured her out of the room. 
What did he say? But he reserved only two rooms. Did Larry get another room for himself? Jessica sank into deep thoughts. 
“That’s enough. Stop dilly-dallying. Go back now,” he urged. 
“No, wait a second!” She clasped his arms. 
“Tell me Larry’s room number,” she pleaded bashfully. 
Caspian chuckled. A loud and boisterous Jessica suddenly turned into a timid mouse. 
“Stop wasting your time. Larry has gone elsewhere. He’s not in this hotel.” As soon as he said that, Caspian pushed her out of the room. 
What a ridiculous woman; always thinking about nonsensical stuff! Even if Larry stays in this hotel, he won’t enter your room. Stop daydreaming! 
Meanwhile, Larry was resting on his bed and staring blankly at the crescent moon outside the window.
What is Joan doing right now? Did she have a good meal? What about Delilah and the child? He missed Joan all of a sudden, but he would get all worked up when he recalled the incident earlier. 
Where did she go the other night? What did she do? Who was she with? Furrowing his brows, Larry was in a pensive mood. 
Should I give her a call? He looked at his phone and hesitated. 
Fine, we’ll talk about this another time. However, his phone rang shortly after. 
He thought that it was Joan but became disappointed when he saw the name displayed on the phone screen. Thus, he ignored the call. 
“Why isn’t he answering?” Fretting, Jessica was mumbling in her own room. 
The cell phone kept ringing and irritated Larry greatly. 
“Jessica, what do you want at this ungodly hour?” Larry went ballistic. 
The thing he hated the most was someone disrupting his plans, especially that woman named Jessica. 
“W-Where are you, Mr. Norton? I’ve been waiting for you to return to the room,” she purposefully crafted her reply. 
Waiting for me? Whatever for? It’s impossible for us to be sleeping together in the same room! 
“Get some rest. You don’t need to worry about me.” He hung up right away. 
Tears welled up in her eyes. 
I traveled all the way here for him. How could he treat me like this? He’s so cold to me. I was wrong about him.
Jessica’s heart wrenched. 
The next morning, Larry showed up at the hotel lobby where Caspian and Jessica stayed. 
“Larry,” Caspian greeted him. 
“Where were you last night, Mr. Norton? It’s a bummer you didn’t bring Caspian and me along,” Jessica cast a glance at him and said deliberately. 
“I just went to another hotel. It’s quieter there,” Larry explained. 
Jessica’s eyes brightened up as she stared at him with anticipation. 
“Which hotel?” she followed up with another question. 
Larry responded with a grin but kept silent. 
I ain’t mad. Why should I tell this woman and invite trouble? 
“Let’s go for breakfast, Caspian.” Larry changed the topic. 
In the meantime, Joan was helping Caiden pack his clothes in the ward. She looked composed but did not know what to say to Caiden as she felt a little guilty toward him.
###Chapter 2165
Chapter 2165 
“Are you all right, Joan? You don’t seem to be in a good mood recently,” Caiden asked. 
How can I feel good? He’s encountered a serious accident because of me. In addition, he’s also fallen out with his mother because of me. These two incidents made Joan feel so uneasy and sad. 
“Caiden, why did you chase your mother away? She’s your own flesh and blood.” Joan could not hold back her query anymore. 
It’s a long story. Should I tell her? Looking at the woman standing before him, Caiden contemplated. 
Perhaps I should tell her everything about me, including my childhood, teenage years, and adulthood. If I hide from the person that I love, our days ahead will be filled with doubts and suspicions. 
“Okay, I’ll tell you. When I was really little, my dad and mom left me at my grandparents’…” Caiden reminisced the past as he shared his stories. 
He remembered it vividly and described all the specifics to Joan who was so engrossed in listening. 
I never knew he has gone through so much. Joan’s expression dimmed. 
She always thought that Caiden’s life was like a bed of roses and without any worries because he was born with a silver spoon. Conversely, he led a pitiful life lacking the sincere love of his parents. They gave him away when he needed them most. As a result, his grandparents assumed the roles of his parents. 
No wonder he doesn’t want to go home and is being counseled by Jaden. 
Many a time, people feel helpless when there are unresolved issues that plague a family.
We hardly see a perfect solution to all problems faced; it’s almost a mission impossible. Had Caiden grew up like any other ordinary child—showered with great love from his parents, their family would have lost the chance of building a big company. Many things are related, but people tend to look only at what’s presented on the superficial level. 
If everyone were to be more tolerant, the world would certainly be a better place. 
“Caiden, have you ever wondered how you could live so well and was raised comfortably if not for your parents? Can you deny the fact that you’ve never lacked a single thing since young? 
“Has it ever crossed your mind that when you’re nibbling a drumstick and drinking a bowl of hot soup, your parents were still pulling an all-nighter at the office?” Joan was worked up as she prompted Caiden to think from his parents’ perspectives. 
She loathed those who did not practice filial piety, especially children who were not grateful to their parents. To many people, it goes unsaid to be thankful for what their parents have done for them. In fact, it’s a core essential that even elementary school children have cultivated in them. On the contrary, Caiden has been holding grudges against his parents since he was young. 
“Ever since I started my first job during my high school days, I have been footing all of my expenses, including my tuition fees. I didn’t use a single cent of their money and I couldn’t care less about it,” Caiden said indignantly. 
What’s with his attitude? What about all the things his parents had done to raise him up? From milk powder to snacks and school supplies; weren’t these provided by his own father and mother? 
Joan could not figure out what made him so obstinate. Something might have happened in between… Joan studied the man before him.
“All in all, I just don’t like them and I’m not willing to see them ever again, let alone being with them,” Caiden said straightforwardly. 
What made this man so adamant and cruel to his own parents? 
“That’s enough. Let’s drop the topic. What would you like to eat? I’ll go get it for you.” Joan changed the subject. 
“Anything. I’ll eat whatever you buy. I’d better get some shut-eye.” With that, he lay down and slept. 
It’s such a pity to see a wonderful man treating his parents like they are archenemies when they could actually live like a blessed family.
###Chapter 2166
Chapter 2166 
Taking a glance at Caiden, Joan picked her phone up and left the ward. 
“Joan!” a familiar voice called out to her as soon as she stepped foot out of the hospital. 
“Mrs. Owens,” Joan greeted her softly. 
She was rather anxious to meet her since the latter was quite fierce the last time they met. 
“Sorry about the last time. Can you do me a favor? Here’s some chicken soup that I’ve prepared for Caiden. Please help me bring it to him. If I did it myself, he would most probably discard it,” Caiden’s mother pleaded. 
Joan listened to her words as she went in a daze. She loves Caiden very much. 
“Joan, are you listening?” the woman asked. 
“Joan?” she raised her voice to alert her. 
“Huh? I’m sorry, Mrs. Owens. Don’t worry. I heard you and I know what to do.” 
The two of them exchanged some pleasantries before going in the opposite direction. 
After getting some take-outs, Joan brought them back to the hospital, alongside the chicken soup prepared by Mrs. Owens. 
“Here, have something to eat. This chicken soup is for you.” Joan cast a gaze at the patient resting on the bed. 
“Didn’t you order take-out? They have chicken soup too?” Caiden was curious.
“Oh, I boiled it at home this morning. Ms. Young helped deliver it here just now. Taste and see if it’s to your liking.” Joan served him a bowl of soup. 
“Be careful. The soup is hot. Have more; it’s good for your health,” she added. 
Caiden frowned. How can this be? I feel like I’ve tasted this before somewhere… But this is only the first time I’m drinking Joan’s soup. 
“How’s it? Good?” she asked. 
“Yup, it’s nice. It’s just weird that I feel like I’ve tasted your soup before,” he answered calmly. 
At that moment, Caiden’s mother was just outside the ward. She was happy to see her son drinking the soup she specially prepared for him. 
She looked forward to the day Caiden could forgive herself and her husband. 
Suddenly, with a sullen face, Caiden put the bowl on the table. 
“What’s wrong?” Joan approached him. 
“Answer me honestly, Joan. You didn’t cook this chicken soup, did you?” Caiden questioned her. 
Embarrassed, Joan tried to avoid his question. “What’s wrong? Does it taste bad?” Does it really matter who boiled the soup? Whoever it was that boiled the soup, it is for his wellbeing. 
He says the soup tastes familiar. That might be the taste he hates the most. 
“Who made this?” he hissed.
Will he flip the table if he finds out it’s from his mother? Trapped in a dilemma, she was hesitant about revealing the truth. Joan knew that the mother-and-son relationship was extremely broken. 
“All right, Caiden, I’ll tell you. Your mom boiled the chicken soup for you and delivered it to me earlier. She was afraid that you’d be angry if you were to find out it’s from her, so she asked that I bring it to you instead,” Joan uttered blatantly. 
That’s the truth, regardless if he accepts it or not. Blood is thicker than water; they ought to patch up eventually. 
Clink-clank! 
Sitting on the bed, Caiden threw the bowl into the trash can furiously. I don’t need her sympathy or concern!
###Chapter 2167
Chapter 2167 
Rage boiled in Caiden as he dug his fingers into the sheets. 
“You’re too much, Caiden! Your mom spent hours cooking the soup for you!” Joan reprimanded him while cleaning the place up. 
Oh, did she? I couldn’t see her effort. Caiden scoffed. Where was she when I had rashes all over my body? Where was she when I was almost kidnapped on the way to school? 
All of a sudden, she decides to be a good mother. Too bad, I don’t need her anymore. 
“Please don’t see her again. I don’t like you doing that,” Caiden said with a stern face. 
It seemed like the emotional entanglement between the two could never be resolved in a short span of time. Feeling helpless, Joan shook her head and heaved a long sigh. 
Never in a million years have I ever met a son who sees his own parents as enemies. He’s probably the first one. Oh well, it’s best I let him recuperate first. 
“Fine, let’s not talk about it anymore. What do you want to eat? I’ll go get other food for you.” Joan attempted to switch the subject. 
“Sandwiches,” he replied. 
“Your breakfast is here!” Delilah’s voice sounded. 
Her sudden appearance startled Caiden. 
“Why are you here so early?” he asked.
“Oh, I was bored at home. So, I decided to visit you,” Delilah answered. 
Actually, Delilah had made up a plan before she came. I’ll take care of Caiden on behalf of Joan. This way, it will prevent Larry from misunderstanding the relationship between Joan and Caiden. 
“By the way, Caiden, what do you think about me?” Delilah walked closer to his bed and posted a serious question. 
What kind of question is that? Why is she asking me this out of the blue? Caiden was astounded. 
Oh no, did Ms. Young fall for me? I’m a pure and innocent man. Goodness gracious, she likes someone her junior? 
Joan gaped at Delilah in surprise. 
Is Ms. Young in the right mind today? Why does she look like she’s having a fangirl moment? Does she like Caiden? No way! Joan widened her eyes in disbelief. 
“Well, Ms. Young, you’re quite nice, friendly, and dependable,” Caiden replied in a shaky voice. 
“That’s right! Do you think that you’ll be happy with me around?” Delilah got right to the point. 
Caiden’s heart skipped a beat. 
What does she mean by that? How’s that possible? Our age gap is too huge. With her age, she could be my mother! 
No, no, no, I must clear the air with her. B-But… What if she becomes downcast? Caiden felt conflicted. 
“What’s wrong, Caiden? Are you not happy being with me?” Delilah prompted him again.
How dare this brat show it so blatantly? 
“No, why would I be unhappy? I’m glad to be with you, Ms. Young,” he clarified. 
Dumbfounded, Joan was rendered speechless. 
Are the two confessing to each other? Ms. Young is so direct; she’s a woman of temperament who stays true to her feelings. Joan sorted out her emotions and walked over slowly. 
“All right, in that case, I’ll stay here to take care of you. Joan, you can go home now,” Delilah turned and declared loudly. 
I’m sacrificing myself for the sake of Joan and Larry. I hope this girl will understand my good intentions. 
“It’s okay, Ms. Young. I’m fine here. It’s not so convenient for you,” Joan said with embarrassment.
###Chapter 2168
Chapter 2168 
Despite her silence, she was also too embarrassed to voice her thoughts. 
“Hmph, what’s wrong with my age? Although I’m old, I’m still fully capable of providing care. Besides, you’ve heard Caiden. He’s happier when I’m around,” Delilah said as she patted her chest with pride. 
Immediately, the ward’s atmosphere turned silent and awkward. The trio glanced at each other with a look of hesitation painted across their faces. 
All of a sudden, a woman burst into the ward. “Caiden!” she cried out. 
Why is she here? This is bad! Quickly, Caiden lay down and pulled the blankets over his body to cover himself. 
“Caiden, what happened to you? Did you get into an accident? Is it painful? How is your body?” Noelle blabbered on in a string of endless questions. Her barrage of questions left Delilah dazed. 
What sort of relationship did these two have? Caiden was fooling around with other women too? A glimmer of suspicion began to spark in Delilah’s gaze. 
“How are you feeling? Are you cold? I’ll bring another blanket for you,” Noelle fussed as she grabbed an extra blanket and tossed it over Caiden’s body. 
His expression contorted into one of discomfort as he coughed weakly. 
Is she trying to smother me to death? 
“It’s alright, I’m fine. I just need to take a nap and rest,” Caiden interjected hurriedly.
Hearing his words, Noelle made her way towards him and took a seat on the bed. Gently, she reached out her hand and ruffled his hair. In an attempt to avoid her touch, Caiden turned away and nearly tumbled off the bed. 
“Caiden, I missed you so much…” Noelle whined petulantly. 
It hasn’t even been five minutes, but she had begun crying. 
Seeing the scene before them, Caiden’s visitors couldn’t help but feel resigned. Delilah reached out her hand and tugged on Joan’s sleeve to drag her outside. On the other hand, Noelle sprawled herself across the bed as she sobbed profusely. Her bold actions left him stunned and speechless. 
“What are you crying about? You are going to scare everyone away,” Caiden said impatiently. 
“I’m scared! I was so happy to see you, but the sight of you on the hospital bed left me stricken with worry!” Noelle sobbed profusely. 
She wasn’t even the one who was involved in the accident. Why is she so fussing so much? Things would go downhill if she kept this up. She would drive Joan away with her continuous crying. 
“Stop crying. Can’t you see that I’m perfectly fine?” Caiden snapped as he yanked the blankets away. 
It was true that he had not suffered any grave injuries. All he needed was adequate rest to regain his body’s health. Of course, there were still issues that he should not neglect during his period of recovery. 
“Caiden, how do you feel right now? Are you feeling better? I’ll call for the doctor,” she said and prepared to leave the ward. 
“Ah, I’m fine. I was in great spirits before you came,” Caiden replied.
Caiden wielded no fear about provoking Noelle’s anger with his blunt statement. After all, Noelle could never understand the true meaning behind his words. 
“Then, what should I do for you? I wish to help,” Noelle rubbed her tears and asked with a sad tone. 
Good heavens! Helplessly, Caiden buried his face in his hands. 
Her departure would be the greatest help that he could receive. Yet, he was too shy to drive her away. 
After all, she had visited him out of a place of genuine concern. It’d be rude to drive her away. 
“Noelle, why don’t you relax? Joan has done a very good job of taking care of me. There are no other problems. Don’t you have other matters to settle? I’ve seen your hectic schedule. Why don’t you head home first? I don’t want to delay your work. We can talk on another day…” Caiden asked softly. There was a bright gleam of hope in his eyes as he spoke. He prayed that the woman before him would say yes. 
Yet, his wish was not granted. 
“I’ve requested half a month of leave before I came here. Caiden, I am taking the leave in order to take care of you!” Noelle blurted out in response. 
What? Caiden felt as if his head was about to explode. 
What sort of excuse is this? She might as well kill me!
###Chapter 2169
Chapter 2169 
“It’s alright; Joan alone is enough. It might get noisy if there are too many people,” Caiden refuted awkwardly. 
Who allowed her to take a leave? Why does she think that she’s capable of taking care of me? Most importantly, who on earth told her that I was in the hospital! 
“No, I…” 
“Joan!” Caiden yelled before Noelle could finish her sentence. 
Outside the ward, Delilah was engaged in a deep conversation with Joan. 
“I think this is good enough. You should head home, and I’ll stay here. This way, people won’t gossip behind your back. I’m an old woman now; they won’t point their fingers at me. If they do so, I can claim to be his aunt,” Delilah said and patted Joan’s shoulders in reassurance. 
Despite her kind words, Joan was aware that Delilah was doing these for her sake. Besides, taking care of a patient was no walk in the park. As time dragged on, Joan feared that Delilah would collapse from exhaustion. 
“But Caiden’s body still requires a long period of recovery,” Joan tried to argue. 
“Don’t worry; I won’t get tired so easily. Besides, he can move freely now. It wouldn’t be a problem.” 
“Joan!” All of a sudden, Caiden’s voice echoed from the ward. The tone of his yell was several octaves higher. 
“What happened?”
Both women hurried into the ward with frantic steps. 
Their arrival caused Noelle to shift her gaze as she stared at Joan coldly. Immediately, her face was filled with displeasure. 
“Ah, I want to eat an apple. Can you help me to peel it?” Caiden asked with a smile. 
“I’ll help you peel it,” Noelle replied in an instant and scrambled for the apple as she began to peel it. 
Her movements were as quick as lightning. It was clear that Noelle harbored deep feelings for Caiden. 
Seeing her actions, Delilah couldn’t help but speak up. “Caiden, this woman is impressive!” she said in a sarcastic tone. 
Lying on the bed, Caiden awkwardly turned over and gazed at the window outside. 
“The weather today is not bad,” he replied and ignored Delilah’s statement. 
It seemed like Noelle was the only one who was oblivious to the awkward tension that hung in the air as she peeled the apple joyfully. 
“Caiden, I’m done peeling. Here, you can eat it now,” Noelle handed the freshly peeled apple to him. 
Despite his hesitation, Caiden still accepted the apple. However, he set it aside without eating it. 
Seeing their interaction, a thunderous moment of realization dawned upon Delilah. Caiden had feelings for Joan whilst Noelle loved Caiden. However, it seems like Joan likes Larry. Such complicated relationships! 
“Alright, why don’t you head back first? Also, could you help me water the plants in the garden? There is nothing much left for you to do besides that,” Delilah addressed Joan out of the blue.
Immediately, Caiden’s gaze shifted towards Joan. 
“Where are you going?” he asked cautiously. 
He had gone through thick and thin in an effort to reunite with her. How could she leave right now? 
“Caiden, business in the supermarket has been hectic lately. As a result, they are short-staffed and need my help. Ms. Young will take care of you for the time being,” Joan murmured. 
On the other hand, Noelle was utterly delighted. The corners of her mouth twitched upwards in a smug smile. 
“Caiden, you should relax. I’m still here, aren’t I? I’ll make sure to take good care of you,” Noelle said. 
How could she compare to Joan? In his eyes, Noelle was nothing more but a nuisance that tagged along with him every day. Caiden merely glanced at her for a brief moment before he turned away without replying. 
“You aren’t going to visit me anymore?” he continued to question Joan. 
“No, I will try to visit you occasionally.” 
What is she talking about? She might as well vanish and disappear without a trace! Caiden clenched his fists in frustration. 
“How can you let Ms. Young be responsible for my care? I’m her junior,” Caiden insisted stubbornly. 
If Ms. Young was going to take care of him, he might as well ask for a nurse’s help. 
“Caiden, how can you say such things? Didn’t you say that you were happy with me? Why did you change your mind all of a sudden?” Delilah said coyly.
###Chapter 2170
Chapter 2170 
“What? Caiden, you are in a relationship with her? Is this true? When did your taste in women change so dramatically?” Noelle exclaimed in disbelief as her gaze shifted between Caiden and Delilah. 
Even if he was into older women, don’t they have too big of an age difference? She is way too old for him! Noelle clutched her head in her hands in a mixture of confusion and shock. 
Caiden’s sharp gaze drifted towards Delilah before he looked at Noelle again. All of a sudden, an inspirational idea struck him. 
“That’s right, don’t you think that Ms. Young is amazing?” Caiden asked whilst he tugged on Delilah’s sleeve. 
Immediately, Noelle felt as if someone had doused her body in a bucket of cold water. Shivers skittered down her spine. 
What happened to Caiden? Didn’t he have feelings for Joan? Hasn’t he been pining after her? Why is he involved with this old woman all of a sudden? In the moment of realization, Noelle couldn’t handle the shocking news. 
“Caiden, did you injure your head? Let me check,” Noelle reached forward and clutched his head in her hands. Quickly, she observed his face in an attempt to find an injury. 
“Ah, what are you trying to do? Don’t forget about your image. There are witnesses here!” Caiden snarled and brushed away her touch. Additionally, he purposely glanced towards Delilah with a coy gaze. 
In the blink of an eye, Delilah picked up his intentions and made her way towards him. Gently, she tucked Caiden in.
“Do you have any cravings right now? I’ll buy them for you,” Delilah crooned as she ruffled his hair affectionately. 
Seeing their sweet interaction, Noelle felt a burst of fury explode in her. 
How could this old woman coddle up with Caiden? Doesn’t she know her place? Not only is she ugly, she also has a horrible figure. Even worse, she is way too old! She even has the audacity to flirt with him! Noelle seethed in fury when she looked at both of them. In her haze of anger, she could barely resist the urge to lash out and slap Delilah across the face. 
“It’s alright; why don’t you rest? I don’t want you to tire yourself out,” Caiden replied on purpose. 
Right now, it would be impossible to start a discussion with Delilah regarding Joan’s return. Instead, he decided to make good use of this opportunity and drive Noelle away. 
Now that Joan had left, Caiden’s hopes had gravitated towards Delilah. It must be a woman’s intuition. Delilah could understand the situation the moment she noticed Caiden’s attitude towards Noelle. 
“Caiden, how could you treat me like this? Why did you fall for her? Clearly, she’s not as pretty as me. My figure is better than hers; even her skin is worse than mine. Furthermore, she’s so much older than you!” Noelle shrieked in anger. 
Such a simpleton! Delilah merely smiled and remained silent. Since Caiden was the one who started it, he should be responsible for dealing with it. 
“I’m going to head out and boil some water,” Delilah said and headed outside. 
“Alright, take care. Don’t scald yourself,” Caiden replied and cast a side glance towards Noelle. 
He couldn’t believe that Noelle was still here despite everything that had happened.
“Why does age matter? I don’t care about such trifle matters when it comes to finding the one I love. Shouldn’t compatibility be the most important thing?” Caiden replied calmly. 
Despite the truth in his words, Noelle couldn’t wrap her head around the fact that Caiden was in a relationship with that old woman. 
Wait, I still have the support of Mrs. Owens! I’m sure Mrs. Owens would not approve of his relationship with Delilah. 
“Have you ever thought of Mrs. Owens’ feelings? Even if you aren’t thinking about yourself, you should still consider the wishes of the Owens family!” Noelle shrieked. 
“Don’t talk to me about her. You should know better than to mention the Owens family in front of me. They are unrelated to me. Why don’t you leave? I need a moment alone,” Caiden yelled in response. 
It seemed like his temper had reached its limit. Caiden would explode in anger whenever someone brought up his family. Noelle was familiar with this specific trait of his as well. Yet, she could not hold herself back and landed herself in hot water by invoking his fury.
###Chapter 2171
Chapter 2171 
After Joan had left the hospital, she changed into a fresh set of clothes and headed towards the supermarket. 
The supermarket was as bustling as always. Everyone was busy joking around as they chatted and mingled around. A bright atmosphere hung in the air. 
“Look who’s back!” a coworker of hers yelled all of a sudden. 
“Yeah, I wonder who abandoned us by vanishing without a single trace. Yet, that person is now back here.” 
“Who are you? Are sure that you aren’t lost?” 
Her co-workers in the supermarket gossiped loudly as they glared at Joan with stares of displeasure. When Joan did not show up for work, they had turned red with anger. Their fury grew even further as she remained absent for a long period of time. 
“Fine, I’ll just leave. It seems like I’m unwelcomed here,” Joan muttered and prepared to leave the supermarket. 
“Joan, they are just joking. Don’t leave. Pay them no mind! We all missed you dearly,” a young woman ran forward and clung to Joan’s arm. 
“You are still my favorite,” Joan replied softly and squeezed the woman’s cheeks. 
In the blink of an eye, lunchtime had arrived. Quickly, the women crowded around Joan as they gossiped amongst themselves.
“What happened to you? Did you know that Dustin worked himself to the bone in your absence? Out of pity, we all advised him to hire another worker. Yet, he stubbornly insisted that you would return.” 
“Yeah! What on earth happened? You didn’t even tell us about it.” 
Witnessing their familiar faces and speech sent a flutter of warmth in her heart. Their affectionate concern left her feeling grateful and touched. 
It seems like the people from her village maintained their simple and friendly ways without any harmful intentions. They were all genuinely worried about her wellbeing. 
“It’s nothing; I had a lot of things to deal with recently. It is all settled now. Relax, let’s eat! I’ll pay for all your meals! Just order them!” Joan raised her voice and announced. 
“Ah, I want a serving of baked ribs!” 
“One set of fish and chips for me!” 
“I want baked chicken wings… and roasted duck! I want them both!” 
The women’s loud and cheerful voices seemed to brighten the mood of the tiny restaurant. 
Yet, Joan couldn’t help but feel a trace of disappointment that lurked in her heart. 
She missed Larry dearly. It had been a long time since they last met each other. Additionally, they hadn’t called each other too. She wondered if he was doing well in his company. 
“Ah, could you help me to apply for leave? I have matters to attend to later,” Joan blurted out all of a sudden. 
Huh? Is she asking for leave when she just came to work? Is she alright? Everyone around Joan stared at her in confusion. Her bizarre behavior left them curious for an explanation.
“I want to visit Larry. He has been extremely busy lately. He hasn’t had the time to return home,” Joan explained with a bow of her head. 
“Oh, you should have said that earlier! Leave it to us; you should enjoy your date!” one of the women exclaimed loudly as she patted Joan’s shoulder enthusiastically. 
As always, her co-workers were reliable and helpful. 
“Gather around; Joan will be paying for our meals today! Don’t feel shy!” 
“Mr. Norton, I think that our cooperation isn’t quite suitable. You should look for someone else.” 
The words had been uttered to Larry by the owner of the manufacturing company. Larry had spent hours trying to gain the owner’s approval. Yet, the owner’s tone was firm and devoid of any hesitation. 
“Why? Can you tell me the reason for your rejection?” Larry asked in desperation. 
“It’s because of the distance. We are based in different countries. In the future, who will be held responsible if a problem arises? To prevent this issue from arising, you should find someone else.” With that, the owner of the manufacturing company prepared to leave. 
Is this the only reason for his rejection? Larry stared at the man before him with a suspicious gaze. There was a hint of unease in his heart. Was there someone else involved behind the scenes? 
Larry had heard rumors about the man. Apparently, he didn’t enjoy making promises to other people as he had a stubborn and headstrong will. Additionally, he was also determined. He wouldn’t be easily swayed if his sights were fixated on a certain issue or person.
###Chapter 2172
Chapter 2172 
Yes, the man was right. Before Larry, there was a man who came looking for the boss. The man had even engaged in a long discussion with him. Luckily, however, the manufacturer decided to reject the man’s request. 
The manufacturer had always thought fate was the most powerful driving force for him to determine if he should collaborate with any parties, just like how he would choose his friends. He had only collaborated with renowned corporations nearby his company. Hence, he had never once considered a joint venture with an overseas company. 
“Don’t you want to bring your business to greater strides? Your business reputation is over the top, and enjoys a great name, even on the international level. Why don’t you take this opportunity to expand your business?” Larry stopped the manufacturer in his tracks and tried to convince the man. 
Why is this young man so annoying? I know how to run my business, and I’m not about to let this young man lecture me on how to do that! 
“Young man, please leave before I get mad. I have said that I will not agree to work with you guys. I’m sorry but I have to leave right now,” the manufacturer said before he was about to turn around and leave. 
It looks like I’ve really failed this time. Larry was disappointed. 
He was not just any other manufacturer. Larry knew that it would take a while to convince the eccentric and stubborn boss. 
“Ah!” Suddenly, Larry heard a shriek coming from behind him. 
He turned around and noticed a boy had fallen into the swimming pool.
There were not many people around, and they were amateurs who were just learning how to swim. Without hesitation, Larry leaped into the pool to save the kid. 
“Son, are you alright?” A woman crouched down beside the boy and wept. 
The boy sat on the floor as he coughed non-stop to purge the water out of his lungs. His face contorted in agony. 
“Are you feeling alright? Spit all the water out of your mouth, quick!” Larry said as he patted hard on the boy’s back. 
In the end, the boy finally managed to purge himself of the water he swallowed. 
“Mommy.” The little boy bawled as he lurched into the woman’s arms. 
It was a very touching sight to behold. 
The manufacturer noticed the sight not far from himself. His lips curled into a contented smile as he nodded. 
This young man is quite the Samaritan. 
“Go find out what kind of company the Norton Corporation is, and investigate thoroughly on the reasons their former partners decided to terminate the collaboration with them,” the manufacturer ordered his subordinate. 
The little boy who almost drowned was actually his grandson. He was merely suppressing his worries to find out who Larry really was. The young man did not disappoint him. 
“Larry, what should we do? The boss doesn’t seem like he’s even willing to listen.” Caspian was worried sick.
But what can we do? We’ve already come this far, and it doesn’t seem right to just give up at this juncture. 
“It’s alright. We will continue tomorrow. I believe that one day he will agree to collaborate with us,” Larry said with a determined look on his face. 
Perseverance is the key to success. Larry had already gotten used to it, given his experience of being in the business for so many years. He had gone through a number of hurdles and challenges, and never once did he shy away from tackling it head-on. He knew that it was an inevitable process that he had to power through for him to grow. 
“Mr. Norton, let’s go have lunch,” Jessica said aloud as she made her way over suddenly. 
What an annoyingly tenacious woman. Doesn’t she have anything better to do? 
“You’re really that free huh. We still have something on, and we’ve got no time to waste on you,” Caspian snapped. 
Jessica was infuriated. 
“Caspian, would you take a piss and look at yourself in the reflection? I’m asking Larry out, not you. You really have nothing to be smug about,” Jessica retorted in a low voice. 
She really thinks too much of herself. When has Larry ever gone out alone with her anyway? He always brings me along whenever she asks him out. Come to think of it, why is Larry getting involved with this kind of woman anyway? Hmm, I’m getting ahead of myself. This woman is the one who’s clinging onto Larry.
###Chapter 2173
Chapter 2173 
“Ms. Zimmer, are you really that lonely? Let me enlighten you then. There’s a nightclub full of men just a hundred meters away from here. You may entertain yourself with them,” Caspian mocked. 
“Hey, how can you say such things? I’m really loyal okay?” 
The two of them started to argue with each other. Larry did not want to be involved in the pointless argument and left. 
Actually, Jessica might really be quite a good match for Caspian. Larry looked at the two from some distance away, and his lips curled into a smile. 
He had never seen Caspian arguing with another woman with such gusto. Even with Nancy last time, Caspian had always been gentle and meek. However, Jessica somehow managed to bring out an entirely different side of Caspian. 
“Hey, you’d better not step over the line!” Jessica yelled. 
“What line? You’re the one who’s stepping on other people’s tails! Always following us around like you’ve got nothing better to do!” Caspian rebutted. 
They’re adorable together. 
“I’m gonna quit bickering with you. I’ll go look for Larry,” Jessica said and turned on her heels to find Larry. 
“The way she’s putting it, it’s as if I’m really that keen to talk to her,” Caspian retorted and walked over to Larry.
“Larry, let’s go eat,” Caspian said. 
“Larry, let’s go eat,” Jessica said the same thing. 
Larry felt his head spinning. 
Are these two going to torture me again? 
“Um, I’m going to the restroom,” Larry replied before turning around to leave. 
Phew, that was close. 
Larry could not help but heave a sigh of relief. 
I’d better not get involved with those two so that I could enjoy a meal in peace all by myself. 
However, Jessica and Caspian were still blissfully unaware as they waited for Larry to come back to treat them to a good meal. 
In the end, the wait for Larry ended in vain after almost half a day. 
Afterward, events took a surprising turn on the manufacturer’s end. “Larry, what’s the matter? Didn’t the boss already decline to work with us?” Caspian asked, befuddled by the sudden turn. 
Who knew what was going on in the manufacturer’s mind. Since the boss asked Larry to meet him, Larry thought he might as well go. Maybe he’s revoking his own decision; maybe we still stand the chance of working together with them. 
The possibilities were endless. Sometimes things that did not look promising might take a very different turn with just a minor tweak. 
“Please stay here, Caspian. There’s no need to follow me there,” Larry said in a decisive manner.
How can I let him go all alone? Caspian could not bear to let Larry meet the manufacturer alone, given how dangerous the situation was right then. 
“Larry, let me go with you. I’m afraid that something might happen to you,” Caspian said with a worried tone. 
“Is there anything worse than Jessica clinging onto me?” Larry turned around to face Caspian suddenly. 
He was right. The woman had been following Larry around all day. If it wasn’t for Caspian, the woman would have irritated the crap out of Larry by then. 
“Your mission right now is to keep tabs on Jessica. Don’t let her stir anything up. I am serious about this,” Larry said as he adjusted his tie. 
Jessica was actually not a bad person, and one might even say that she was quite innocent. Even though she always ended up arguing with Caspian all the time, it was undeniable that the chemistry between the two was endearing. 
Larry left after saying a few more words. 
Jessica was still deep in slumber right then and did not notice what was going on around there. 
The crowd had dismissed while the sea breeze turned chilly. Jessica was laying on a beach chair while Caspian sat on the shore, setting his gaze out front on the sea before him in a relaxed manner. 
Actually, she’s quite pretty. Caspian’s lips curled into a smile as he watched her. 
She’s just a little fierce, especially when we argue. Does she have to be so damn loud every time? Does she know that she’s being unreasonable most of the time?
###Chapter 2174
Chapter 2174 
In the private room of a hotel, Larry was sitting in a corner, engrossed in a discussion with the manufacturer. 
“Mr. Norton, I hope I didn’t catch you on a bad time today,” the manufacturer said. 
Larry thought the man was being too humble. Moreover, Larry was the one seeking to work with the man. 
“No, you’re too humble, Sir,” Larry hurriedly replied. 
“Grandpa!” A boy’s voice suddenly rang in Larry’s ears. 
He was dumbfounded the moment the door was pushed open. 
Isn’t he the boy whom I saved that day? Larry widened his eyes in disbelief. 
“I’ve seen what happened the other day, Mr. Norton. Thank you for saving my grandson. My daughter- in-law does not know how to swim,” the manufacturer smiled. 
So, this little boy is his grandson. What a small world. Larry chuckled to himself. 
Is he considering to work with us because I saved his grandson? Larry cast an inquisitive glance over at the manufacturer sitting next to him. 
The man lifted his right hand, and snapped his fingers to summon his people. 
His assistant brought over some documents in a jiffy. 
“This is for you,” the manufacturer said as he handed over the document to Larry.
He took over the document and immediately flipped through them. 
Shouldn’t I be the one to prepare this? He’s already done it all. 
Larry was flabbergasted. What was more, the manufacturer had already signed the contract. 
Am I dreaming? 
Larry could not help but wonder, and he pinched on his hip to make sure he was not in a daze. 
The pain was reassuring. It meant that he was not in his own sweet dream. 
“Mr. Norton, are you satisfied with the terms?” The manufacturer asked again. 
Larry was beyond elated at the terms he offered. Thank goodness I’m not leaving empty-handed today. It was the outcome that he had anticipated the most. 
“To success!” Larry extended his right hand. 
The two men exchanged glances and smiled, knowing that their best days were ahead of them. 
Larry revered the manufacturer. The man still commanded respect and moral authority even though he was already into his old age. 
“Mr. Norton, how long do you plan to stay here? You could come to our place if you’d like to,” the boss smiled and extended an invitation. 
“I’m heading back the day after tomorrow. There is a lot of work pending back in the office. I will pay you a visit personally next time. Please do come to our country for a holiday sometime, and I’ll make the necessary arrangements,” Larry was excited to extend his invitation as well. 
“I want to go too!” The little boy exclaimed.
The private room was filled with laughter right then. 
The atmosphere was warm, and all of them treated Larry as one of their own. As a matter of fact, there were only the manufacturer’s family members in the private room other than Larry. 
“Ah!” Caspian cried out on the beach. 
“What’s the matter with you?” Caspian muttered as he turned to look at Jessica behind him. 
“You’re too damn far away from me, and I can’t reach you. That’s why I’m throwing the bag of sand at you,” Jessica snapped. 
What kind of logic is that? Couldn’t she just call out my name? Her intelligence is really questionable. 
“You could use your mouth, woman,” Caspian snarled at her. 
Why is this man so petty? I did just threw some sand at him but does he has to freak out like that? 
She actually packed a punch while throwing the sandbag, and it hit right at the lower back of Caspian’s head. He really couldn’t be blamed for complaining about the pain. 
“Hey, where’s Larry? Why don’t I see him all morning?” Jessica asked as she glanced at the surroundings. 
It was a funny question. 
“Weren’t you sleeping all morning? It’s a wonder if you could see him. You sleep like your friends who wallow in the mud! I guess even an earthquake wouldn’t be able to wake you.” 
Jessica was seething with fury at his remark.
Is he implying that I’m a pig? Is he tired of staying alive? 
“Caspian, what did you say?” Jessica pointed at his nose and berated the man.
###Chapter 2175
Chapter 2175 
Is she seriously asking me to call her a pig again? My goodness, she’s asking for it. Caspian turned around and refused to look at the woman. 
She’s only quiet when she’s sleeping. 
“Are you ignoring me? Come over here! What did you say? Did you just call me a pig?” Jessica clutched tightly at Caspian’s arms and yelled at the man. 
“I did not say that. You’re the only one saying that. Keep away from me, let me go!” Caspian pointed at her arms and said. 
I will not let you go. How dare you imply that I’m a pig! 
“You b*st*rd! How dare you say that I’m a pig?” Jessica took another sandbag aside and hurled it at the man’s head. 
Larry suddenly appeared when the two were fighting. 
“Could the two of you be more aware of your images in the public?” Larry spoke in hushed tones. 
The two of them went quiet. 
“It’s your fault. You said that I’m a pig,” Jessica grumbled in a low voice. 
“I…” 
Caspian wanted to refute but thought better of it.
“Mr. Norton. Your best friend here bullied me by hitting me and scolding me.” Jessica stood up and swayed Larry’s arms from side to side to protest to him. 
The two of them are a good match for one another. It’s really good if they end up together. 
“When did I scold you? I never hit women, okay? Don’t slander me,” Caspian rushed to explain himself. 
However, Jessica was not listening to a word he said, and insisted that Larry did her justice. 
“Okay, so what do you want me to do?” Larry was getting irritated by her tenacity and asked aloud. 
“I want him to be my servant for three days!” Jessica pointed at Caspian as the woman yelled. 
What? Has she gone mental? Why would I agree to be her servant? 
“Jessica, is there something wrong with your head? How can you say something like that?” Caspian spared her no niceties and snapped. 
“See, Larry. He’s scolding me.” Jessica clutched tightly at Larry’s arms and said in a small voice. 
Yeah, thank the heavens that I’m only scolding you. If you weren’t a woman, I’m going to hit you right in the face! 
What is in her head, exactly? How does she keep coming up with these weird notions? And there are endless streams of them! 
“I think you two should work this out yourselves. I’m just an outsider, and I sure as hell do not have the right to butt into what is clearly a matter between the two of you. So, please decide on your own. I’ll get going then.” Larry turned around to leave.
I’d better not get involved in this mess. Larry has achieved his target for his overseas trip this time. His next step would be to consider the direction that his company would undertake in the future. 
“Hey, Larry!” Jessica called out behind him. 
Caspian peered at the woman and said nothing. 
“Caspian, you have to make it up to me!” She yelled again. 
How is this woman so childish? One moment she’s angry, and the next she’s all smiles again? He had never noticed this side of Jessica. Now that he was aware of it, he was starting to regret that he even cared about it in the first place. 
“I don’t want to talk to you. Quit following me around!” Caspian got up to leave right after. 
“No, you can’t leave me here all alone. I’m scared!” Jessica yelled. 
Caspian broke into a chuckle at her remark. 
What is she even afraid of? It’s not like the beach is deserted or anything. She’s an easy-going kind of girl too, what is there to be afraid of? She’s got it the other way round. It’s good enough that people are not intimidated by her. 
“Larry, what did the boss say?” Caspian asked the man who was standing before him with a serious look.
###Chapter 2176
Chapter 2176 
“Well, I’d say it was a success. We’ll be able to go back soon,” said Larry slowly. 
This is great! I can finally go back and Jessica will no longer pester me. Larry felt elated at the prospect. 
“Where is Ms. Zimmer? Did you lose her or something?” queried Larry again. 
“I doubt anyone will disturb that tiger-lady. She’s spending some time alone at the beach, worry not,” replied Caspian, his voice low. 
That being said, it is getting dark outside. Why isn’t she back yet? A faint hint of worry flashed in Caspian’s eyes. 
“Surely you’re not worried about her being abducted or something?” mused Larry aloud. 
But why hasn’t she shown up yet? She’s in her twenties, for Christ’s sake. Surely she’d be able to find her way back on her own? Caspian snorted coldly. 
“Please. Who’d want to kidnap someone who looks like that? If there’s a kidnapping, she’s likely the culprit.” 
The pair sat at the table in silence, occasionally broken by the sounds of Larry’s keyboard. Caspian flipped through a magazine, visibly bored. He suddenly missed Jessica. When they were together, there was never quite a moment of peace. Jessica was quite the chatterbox, after all. Now that she was not there, he could not help but feel worried. 
Was she going to find her way back at some point?It has been a while. Did something happen to her?
Caspian clenched his fist, feeling very uneasy. 
Suddenly, the shrill sound of the phone rang, breaking his train of thought. Larry reached over to pick it up. 
“Hello.” 
“Hello, am I speaking to Mr. Larry?” 
The voice did not belong to someone he knew, but how did the person know who he was? He looked at the phone suspiciously. 
“Yes, this is Larry. To whom am I speaking to?” 
“It’s like this. We have a lady who introduced herself as Jessica, an acquaintance of yours. She asked that we call you to come and get her because she lost her way.” 
What kind of nonsense is this? Jessica got lost? In spite of the other party’s patience in explaining the situation to him, Larry was still confounded by the whole situation. 
She is a grown-ass woman, how is her sense of direction still so bad? 
Caspian sounded anxious. “What is it, Larry?” 
“Let’s go. We need to pick up Jessica. Look at what you did! You forgot about her, and now she’s lost. How is she going to find her way home?” Larry’s tone was mild as he looked at Caspian’s worry-etched face. 
Caspian could only nod and ran outside immediately. 
At the time, Jessica was huddled in a corner, visibly afraid. Several people had tried to talk to her to alleviate her fears but to no avail.
“Jessica?” Caspian shouted her name as soon as he showed up. 
However, Jessica barely gave him a reaction from the corner she was in. 
“I’d really like to apologize for the trouble. She is a friend of mine, so you can just leave her to me.” 
Suddenly, Jessica stood up hurled herself into Larry’s arms, sobbing. 
“Hush now, it’s alright.” Larry tried to soothe her and gently patted her back. 
Caspian watched the whole scene unfurl and felt his heart clench. 
What did she go through? How could she suddenly get lost? The beach was not even that far away from the hotel, for starters. It was only a few minutes away! How did she end up at the police station, of all places? 
“Let’s go.” Larry then proceeded to help her up and they all prepared to leave. 
“Excuse me, policeman? How did she end up here?” enquired Caspian. 
The policeman explained, “Oh, she was really out of it when we found her. I think she was swindled, but fortunately, her sense of self-preservation prevailed.” 
Caspian had not realized exactly how seedy this place was. His gaze darkened as he pondered over what the policeman said. 
However, he could not deny that he had a hand in this. If he hadn’t just left her so impulsively then, this would never have happened. 
Caspian could still hear the sounds of Larry comforting Jessica.
Jessica’s face remained impassive. Her gaze seemed hazy and lost. Caspian sat next to them, just as speechless. 
“Well, Ms. Zimmer, I’m sorry. It was all my fault.” Caspian could not control the outpouring of guilt in his voice. “If I hadn’t left you alone, none of this would’ve happened.”
###Chapter 2177
Chapter 2177 
“Larry?” Jessica’s hoarse voice broke the silence. 
“I don’t want to see him. Send him away.” 
Larry looked uncomfortably at Jessica before turning his gaze towards Caspian. 
It would appear that she was truly hurt by Caspian’s actions. Larry could only shake his head and sigh. Caspian then promptly left the scene without a word. 
He had no desire to make things any harder for Larry, nor did he want to make Jessica feel any sadder. 
“May I rest my head on your shoulder?” Her request sounded formal, but Larry could sense a hint of a plea in her tone. 
He hesitated, but finally obliged. 
“Caspian did not mean anything by it. We all thought you were capable of finding your way back. It’s not that far away, is it?” 
“My sense of direction is absolutely terrible. I’m serious,” came Jessica’s mild response. 
“When I was very young, my mother once brought me shopping. I then got lost. It happened so abruptly that I didn’t even know what to do. If my father hadn’t alerted the police, I could’ve been kidnapped.” 
My biggest problem is that I do not have a sense of direction at all. I’ve tried to hide it, but I have a crippling fear of being abandoned.” As she said this, Jessica snaked her arm around Larry’s, akin to a wounded animal seeking comfort.
“You should’ve said something. I’d been wondering why you were so intent on following us around everywhere,” replied Larry. 
He could understand someone not having a sense of direction, but he never imagined Jessica to be thus afflicted. Apparently, she had gone through a lot as well. 
“Well, I was too embarrassed to admit. How could I just mention something like this casually? But Larry, I have a request. In the future, don’t leave me behind like this please? I was terrified!” Jessica’s lower lip trembled briefly before she burst into tears again. 
Why was she crying again? Larry hurriedly picked up the box of tissues nearby and gave it to her. 
“You have no idea how terrified I was, out there all alone. I was worried that I would be kidnapped or murdered! When I was abroad, I’d constantly hear about lone women getting murdered. All of it was true!” 
How the heck did she stay abroad for so long? Larry looked suspiciously at the woman in front of him, somewhat curiously. 
“Why don’t you return home?” 
“Because Dad refused to let me go back, claiming that things were too complicated. He didn’t want to put me in danger. You know how businessmen have to exercise caution.” 
This was the first time that Larry and Jessica have managed a quiet conversation in each other’s presence. This was also the first time that Jessica had been so open and honest with Larry. 
Larry suddenly felt a little relieved. At the very least, he now understood that Jessica was not entirely fearless after all. 
She was but a woman. A cold light flashed in Larry’s eyes.
“Hey, look, that man is so handsome.” 
“Yes, his girlfriend is also very beautiful.” 
“Wait, why is that woman crying?” 
“I don’t know, but look at how warm their eyes are! I think they’re both very much in love!” 
Not too far away, two girls were observing the pair and secretively took photos from time to time even though their backs were turned to them. 
Even if they had their backs turned, Joan could tell who they were at a glance. 
“And then what? Your dad has not shown up since?” asked Larry coldly. 
Yes, that’s exactly what happened. When she first went home, her father warned her against staying too long. He even suggested that she did not return at all. Jessica, however, did not heed her father’s advice and remained there until her trip with Larry and Caspian. However, she had also since been unable to reach her father. 
Jessica noticed that her father’s phone had been disconnected, somehow. 
Maybe he is angry? Sometimes, men can really behave like whiny, pouty, children.
###Chapter 2178
Chapter 2178 
Jessica noticed that her father did not treat her as a daughter. Instead, she was regarded as a friend or even a peer. It may have been strange, but Jessica admitted that the dynamic did lead to them both having a good relationship. 
“Do you think something has happened to your father?” Larry had blurted the question out of nowhere. 
In an instant, Jessica raised her head and looked at him angrily. 
“Excuse me? More like something has happened to your dad instead. Mine has only gone abroad for a while, so how could something have happened? What are you implying?” She glared fiercely at him, clearly angered at the insinuation that some misfortune had befallen her father. 
Larry was a little startled by her outburst. After all, he had merely been reminding her. Besides, she had been unable to reach him for some time now, even though she made two calls. It was not too far- fetched to assume that something had happened. This is your father, Jessica. Not some friend. 
“Alright, I’ll drop it. You seem to be alright now, I think? Why don’t we call Caspian and grab a bite together?” suggested Larry in a low voice. 
“I don’t want to!” shouted Jessica abruptly. 
What the hell is wrong with her now? Why does her temper flare like that without warning? Is she seriously expecting me to abandon my brother in arms just because she threw a little tantrum? 
‘Alright, alright. Stop fussing. Hurry up, pull yourself together, and we’ll go and eat.” Larry pursed his lip, his expression a little unhappy.
He had never been the type to fuss over or wheedle about with women. To him, things were black and white. There was no need to fuss over something so minor. Larry was already exhausted enough dealing with situations at work and could not be bothered to entertain such trivial notions. 
“I just don’t want to see Caspian! When he left, I told him how scared I was, but he never listened! He left me there all alone!” 
But had Caspian not clarified that it was an accident? Accidents happen all the time! I really don’t know what is wrong with this woman. 
“Caspian has already apologized! I think you should just let things slide. Besides, he also mentioned being in a foul mood at the time,” said Larry assuringly. 
If a man is in a bad mood, he can just abandon a defenseless woman? Where’s the logic in that? And if he gets married and things go sour, is he going to abandon his wife too? Wow, this guy is straight-up trash. 
“Furthermore, you are not his girlfriend or his wife. What obligation does he have to care for you anyway?” 
Jessica trembled at the notion. 
Deep down, she knew that he was right. 
Caspian was observing the situation anxiously from a distance. 
“Alright, enough of this. Let’s go eat,” said Larry hurriedly. He seemed to be agitated as well. They had since been seated at a restaurant. The food had arrived, but it remained on the table, untouched. 
Well, fine. He can have it his way then, sheesh. Jessica tried to focus on her food instead. She started to eat, shoving large bites of meat and vegetables into her mouth. She had not noticed what she had
eaten until she sat upright, feeling a little ill. 
A thin sheen of sweat covered her forehead as she swallowed audibly. 
Wait, this does not feel right. What is this odd feeling? Caspian noticed the changed in her pallor and stared at Jessica, a little worried. 
“What’s wrong?” It took a while before Caspian decided to ask her. 
“I’m not feeling well,” replied Jessica in a low voice as she clutched her stomach. 
Both men were stunned by Jessica’s pained expression. Very quickly, they came to their senses and made the necessary arrangements. 
“Hospital, now.” Caspian picked Jessica up and ran outside towards the car. 
In the ward, Jessica lay restlessly on the bed. Her eyes were closed, but she looked frightfully pale. It was as if all color had drained from her face. 
“Doctor, what’s wrong with her?” 
“I think she had something she was allergic to.” 
What kind of food is she allergic to? Didn’t she pay attention to her food at all?’ Was she distracted by something else? 
“Caspian, don’t worry. We’re already at the hospital.” The sound of Larry’s voice snapped Caspian out of his reverie. Larry then patted Caspian on the back gently to allay his fears. 
“I’m going to get some fruit. Be back soon.” With that, Caspian stood up and left.
Larry’s gaze wandered around the room for a bit before it landed on the frail-looking woman on the hospital bed. There was no mistaking the worry in his eyes.
###Chapter 2179
Chapter 2179 
For someone who seemed to be so put-together all the time, she looked remarkably vulnerable in this state. With a poor sense of direction, food allergies, there seemed to be no end to the suffering she had to endure. Larry sighed inaudibly and sat down on the sofa next to her bed. 
Suddenly, Jessica began to mumble something in her sleep. Larry was just barely able to make out what she was saying. 
Is that what I think it is? She’s calling for her father? With slow, measured steps, Larry walked towards her. 
Jessica’s face was flushed, with beads of sweat all over her face. The doctor had taken a look at her and mentioned that it was a normal reaction. She would be alright after a while. 
“Dad, don’t go! Don’t leave me,” murmured Jessica. 
Without warning, she stretched out her right hand and firmly held onto Larry’s, refusing to let go. 
Larry tried to tug his hand away but he could not escape her vise-like grip. Does she think I’m her father? 
Also, it has been so long. Her father had yet to reach out to her. Under normal circumstances, any parent would have called to enquire about their daughter, who happened to be with their competitor. Larry’s gaze darkened as he thought about the kind of mess she was in. 
He gently patted the sleeping woman’s arm, trying to wake her from her apparent nightmare. “Jessica? Hey. Wake up. It’s Larry.” 
Jessica awoke with a shrill scream and opened her eyes, feeling a little dazed.
What happened? Why does it feel so warm? Larry eyed Jessica curiously. 
“Don’t worry, it’s normal. Her body temperature has risen a little, but it should pass in a while.” The doctor check her BP and checked on her one more time before he opened the door and left. 
“Jessica, do you feel better?” enquired Larry gently. 
Jessica turned to look at the man in front of her in earnest. Tears began to form in her eyes. 
Larry was at a loss. He could not understand what elicited that response. 
“Why are you crying? Are you feeling unwell? Are you in pain? Shall I fetch the doctor again?” He got up urgently and prepared to leave the room. 
“No! That won’t be necessary.” Jessica tightened her grip around Larry’s waist to prevent him from leaving. 
A hysterical cry soon filled the air shortly after. Larry did not know why she was crying, but he couldn’t bear to leave her alone in this state. 
“I-it’s nothing. I just dreamt that my Dad died. What was I to do?” Jessica’s voice shook before she broke into tears again. “He was going to leave me behind. He… didn’t want me anymore.” 
What is with this woman? She usually seems so fearless, but now she’s here whining like a child when something bad happens. 
“It was just a nightmare. Besides, aren’t dreams usually the opposite of the reality? Don’t dwell on it. Just take care of yourself and recover,” said Larry gently. “Do you know what you’re allergic to, at least?” 
“Well, I am severely allergic to zucchini.”
What? Larry frowned. She seemed to have eaten half the serving of zucchini. Does this idiot not look before she puts stuff into her mouth? 
‘Well, why did you eat that dish?” 
“You mean the vegetable stew? I wasn’t paying attention, I think. I was distracted,” said Jessica petulantly. 
Larry took a deep breath and tried to calm himself down. 
She was truly an odd woman. Someone this odd was definitely a match for Caspian. Larry had never encountered someone like her before. 
“Larry, do you hate me?” asked Jessica in a low voice. She paused to wipe the tears from her eyes before looking at him again. 
What is there to hate? If anything, isn’t that a problem for her boyfriend? However, he merely felt irritated. Larry had made plans for the next few days. With Jessica in the hospital, he could only postpone them until she recovered. 
“Caspian went to get you some fruits. He said you like to eat grapes.” Larry enunciated each word as he carefully observed her expression. 
“Hmmph! I’m not eating anything he bought me.” 
Larry sighed again. I guess she’s a tad cute, sometimes. She grows on you. However, such petulance seemed to be common among women. Even for someone like Joan, who had yet to contact him after all this time.
###Chapter 2180
Chapter 2180 
“Here comes the grapes! Took me a while to find them, but I did. Have a taste?” Having said that, Caspian gave her some of the grapes he had just rinsed clean. 
The grapes looked so tantalizing, she was unable to resist. 
Jessica popped one into her mouth and chewed thoughtfully before swallowing. “It’s big and sweet. A fine product.” She smiled contentedly at the taste. 
“Fresh, right? Have some more!” said Caspian sweetly. 
Ah, why is this a**hole being so nice to me all of a sudden? Does he have some kind of agenda? Jessica suddenly gave Caspian the once-over as if she was trying to discern something important. 
“Say, what are you trying to pull here?” asked Jessica suspiciously. 
Is she actually asking me this? Caspian was a little confused when he heard the question. 
He just wanted to be nice to her, was that so wrong? 
“Don’t overthink this, Jessica. He rarely does something like this. He spent the whole afternoon looking for grapes, which is quite out of character,” said Larry cautiously. 
Caspian fidgeted with his collar, seemingly bashful. 
Was is truly that simple? Jessica pouted. 
Ever since that incident with Jessica, Caspian seemed to be more concerned about her. Larry was truly happy for Caspian upon seeing the interaction between them.
“Ms. Zimmer, have you ever considered Caspian?” asked Larry suddenly. 
What the hell is this? What was there to consider? What can someone as uncouth as Caspian do for me, exactly? 
“No,” replied Jessica curtly. 
She was not sure what Larry even meant by “consideration,” nor had she the desire to find out. 
“Are you feeling better?” queried Larry, mildly. “We can go back soon.” 
And why would I want to do that? Since it was so difficult for her to leave in the first place, she was hell- bent on having a good time. 
“Say, Larry. Let’s stay for two more days, and then we can go.” Jessica gently nudged Larry’s arm. 
However, Larry had no real reason to stay. After all, he had quite a bit of work to do for the company. 
Although Dustin was the Norton Corporation’s second-largest shareholder, that man spent almost every day dallying and barely spared a second thought towards company affairs. Even if he did take an interest in the Norton Corporation, Larry would still fret over it. 
“How about this? I’ll leave Caspian here with you. Some urgent matters require my attention, unfortunately. How does that sound?” Larry noticed that Jessica’s expression suddenly became tense. 
“But I don’t want to be with Caspian. I’d rather hang out with you.” As she said this, Jessica tightened her grip on Larry’s arm. 
“Hey, watch it.” Larry huffed angrily and then pushed her arm off. 
No need to get so iffy! I was just kidding. Sheesh. Jessica was definitely not pleased.
“Two days is all you have. Otherwise, you’re staying here on your own,” said Larry nonchalantly as he walked out of the ward. 
He needed to stay the hell away from this woman. Larry would rather have gone back alone, leaving Caspian and Jessica here. However, he was worried that Jessica would cause a scene. 
After all, she was still the daughter of a manufacturing company magnate. If anything happened to her, there would be hell to pay. Even though they no longer had a standing agreement, he did not want the Norton Corporation’s reputation to be sullied. 
“What is it, Larry?” Out in the corridor, Caspian had been waiting for him. He seemed nervous, however. 
“What do you think of Jessica?” Larry thought that there was no reason to sugarcoat the topic. 
Caspian flushed and shuffled his feet shyly. 
How was he going to explain this? 
Caspian was quite reserved. If he really liked someone, he tended to keep things to himself and cared for the person silently. Caspian was definitely not the type to shower compliments and sweet nothings on his lover either. However, it was through his actions that his simple, down-to-earth character was exhibited. 
“I think she’s alright,” murmured Caspian. He lowered his head and seemed even more embarrassed than before.
###Chapter 2181
Chapter 2181 
He had been married before, yet he’s still so shy? Larry shook his head and let out a sigh. 
“Why did you sigh?” Caspin wondered out loud. 
Does he think I don’t deserve Jessica’s love? 
This problem had been troubling Caspian for some time now. Jessica was the daughter of a rich manufacturer, but he was just a nobody. I don’t think she’ll ever fall in love with someone like me. 
“Love is something you have to fight for. You can’t just sit here and wait,” Larry said, “You have to take the initiative and tell her how you feel about her. Otherwise, how would she know you’re in love with her? You can’t expect people to read your mind!” 
He advised, “She might reject you now, but as long as she’s still single, you’ll always have a shot. And when the time is right, she might give you another chance.” 
He’s right. I cannot sit here idly and do nothing. Even if she doesn’t have any feelings for me now, that doesn’t mean she’ll not love me in the future. 
“Okay. I’ll do it,” Caspian gave Larry a steady response. 
Love is strange. On the one hand, it could boost a person’s self-esteem, but on the other hand, it could also rob the confidence of that person. Likewise, Jessica, who was lying on the bed and looking at the sky outside the window, kept thinking about the differences between Larry and her. 
She looked forward to spending the next two days with him. Due to her health condition, they could only have their outing by the beach.
“Hey, are you not going to join us?” Jessica shouted at Larry from afar. 
“You guys go ahead. I’ll join you later,” Larry shook his phone in the air and said. 
He then turned to his phone and continued his call. “Got it. I’ll take care of it when I return to the office on the day after tomorrow. Don’t worry.” 
“We’re supposed to have some fun together, but he’s always on his phone. What a party pooper,” Jessica pouted like an adorable child and complained. 
On the other hand, Caspian was pleased that he could spend some time with her alone. “He has to take care of so many projects in his company. That’s why he’s always busy,” Caspian explained. 
“He’s always busy, day and night. Argh!” Jessica mumbled in frustration. 
“Give him a break, okay? He’s so busy that he didn’t have time to call Joan,” Caspian said. 
Upon hearing that, her expression turned grim almost instantly. Joan. That b*tch again. 
But to Jessica, Larry being away from Joan was good news. 
“Hey, do you think Joan trusts Larry? I mean, Larry could find any woman behind her back if he wants,” Jessica asked intentionally. 
Caspian burst out laughing. “Larry would never do such a thing, and Joan trusts him very much.” 
She seemed somewhat disappointed with his response. 
Aren’t men all impulsive beings? But why Larry is so different from them? Sigh. 
“You thirsty? Let me grab you something.”
“Okay.” 
Jessica wandered by the beach alone. Feeling bored, she bent down and picked up a seashell. 
She had not felt so relaxed for a very long time, especially after being cooped up in the hospital in the last couple of days. With the seashell in her hand, she started drawing on the sand while humming a happy tune. 
“Ah!” All of a sudden, Jessica screamed, and that caught Larry’s attention. 
Jessica squirmed on the sandy ground in discomfort and cradled her right foot. 
Where’s Caspian? Larry ran toward Jessica. “What’s wrong?” 
“I sprained my ankle,” Jessica answered softly, “But I’ll be fine. I just need to rest for a while.” 
Larry could tell from her eyes that it was an accident. He knew she did not do it on purpose. 
“Come, stand up. Let’s move to a safer spot before the tide comes in,” Larry said. 
“I can’t,” she responded, “I can’t stand.”
###Chapter 2182
Chapter 2182 
“Are you hurt?” Larry looked at the woman and asked. 
“I think I have a cramp,” Jessica answered. 
Nothing good has happened ever since I left the country. 
“Come on.” Larry looked around and decided to carry her. “Is that a cut on your foot?” 
“Yeah, I accidentally cut myself with a shard of glass.” There was a hint of helplessness in her voice. 
Where on earth is Caspian? He should be here taking care of the woman he loves. Does he expect me, a married man, to do this on his behalf? 
Jessica, on the other hand, was enjoying the moment. 
“Hey, there’s something on your face,” Jessica said. 
But I just washed my face! A line formed between Larry’s brows. 
“Come, turn your face to me. I’ll clean it for you.” Jessica touched his face gently. 
She then pulled herself closer to his cheek and gave him a kiss. 
“Aw, what a loving couple!” 
“I know right! They’re both so gorgeous!” 
A few tourists started praising Larry and Jessica as they thought they were a couple. Some of them even started snapping their pictures.
Larry was stunned for a moment, and he knitted his brows. Clearly, he was not pleased with what Jessica did. 
Coincidentally, Caspian saw everything when he came back with the drinks. His heart sank immediately. 
“I told you I’m not interested in you. I’m a family man, and I love my wife very much, so please watch your action,” Larry warned icily as he tried to suppress his anger. 
How he wished he could dump her by the beach. But since she was injured, he had no choice but to carry her to a safe spot. 
“Why are you so obsessed with Joan? Am I not good for you? What can I do to make you love me? Tell me, and I’ll do it,” Jessica pouted and pleaded. 
As if Larry would choose her over Joan if she could meet all his expectations. 
“Joan and I are married, and she’s my wife. You and I are just friends. Understand? If you don’t wish to be my friend, you can cut ties with me,” Larry said, “I’m sure you’ve heard how decisive I am. Once I’ve made up my mind, I’ll not look back, so you better make up your mind now,” Larry looked at her seriously. 
He wanted an answer from Jessica to put an end to this. He did not want Joan to get jealous again because of this kind of relationship. Larry was grateful that he could finally enjoy a peaceful life with Joan after getting rid of Gabriella. He did not need another woman to sabotage his marriage again. 
“Let me think about it,” Jessica said softly. 
She could not give up her love for Larry immediately, yet at the same time, he would be mad at her if she continued to pursue him like this.
Jessica was crestfallen. Why does love have to be so complicated? I just want to be in love! Love itself was not complicated. Loving the wrong man was. 
“Please take a look at her foot,” Larry said to the doctor. 
“It’s you again?” The doctor looked up at Jessica with a scowl. “You need to start taking good care of yourself, young lady.” 
“And you.” He turned around and looked at Larry. “It’s your responsibility to take good care of your girlfriend.” 
But I’m not even her boyfriend! 
Forget it. I don’t have to explain myself.
###Chapter 2183
Chapter 2183 
I’m only taking care of Jessica on behalf of Caspian. Speaking of which, where on earth is that man? 
Larry took out his phone and called his number. 
At that moment, Caspian was hiding in a corner, feeling utterly dejected. 
The woman he loved was all head over heels for Larry. No matter how hard he tried, his effort was all in vain. 
Upon feeling the vibration of his phone in his office, Caspian gathered himself together and answered the call. 
“Where are you? Come to the hospital right now. Jessica injured her foot. You should be taking care of her instead of running around!” Larry expressed his dismay. 
Caspian knew Larry had his interests at heart, but what could he do? It was obvious that Jessica had her eyes on someone else. 
“Got it. I’ll be there in a minute,” Caspian ended the call and ran to meet Larry. 
All this while, he had been in hospital, but he just did not have the courage to see the two of them together. 
“Where have you been? Quick, she’s in the ward now.” Larry walked up to him and gave him a gentle pat on the shoulder. 
Meanwhile, Jessica, who was ashen-faced, was lying on the bed and flipping through a magazine. 
“How’s your foot?” Caspian asked.
“I’m fine. Don’t worry.” she gave a brief answer. 
“I bought this for you. Would you…” 
“No thanks. I don’t feel like eating or drinking anything,” she interrupted before Caspian could finish his sentence. 
An awkward silence ensued. At that time, Larry had left the hospital to give them some private space. 
“Do you like me?” Jessica stared at him and asked all of a sudden. 
Caspian was struck dumb for a moment. He organized his thoughts and answered, “I…” 
“Do you like me?” she asked again. 
How should I answer her when she asked me in such a direct manner? I’m not prepared at all! Caspian started fidgeting and avoided having eye contact with her. 
Upon seeing his expression, Jessica knew what his answer would be. 
“Well, since you can’t give me an answer, you listen to me carefully then,” Jessica said steadily, “I’ve always liked Larry, and you know it. I don’t care if he’s married, and I don’t care if he has a kid. I don’t even care how people think of me.” 
“I hope you can help me get close with Larry,” she continued. 
How is that even possible? Nothing could ever break Larry and Joan apart! 
“And I want you to know that I’ve always seen you as my brother,” Jessica said this on purpose so that he could give up.
Oh. All right then… I can’t force her to love me anyway. But there’s no way she could win Larry’s heart. 
“I’m sorry, but I don’t want to meddle in your relationship with Larry,” Caspian responded, “And I want you to know that Larry and Joan love each other very much, and there’s nothing you can do.” 
Larry and Joan had gone through thick and thin to be together. Caspian did not wish to see Jessica get in their way. 
When Gabriella was around, she did everything she could to tear the couple apart. She even hoped to get rid of Joan. Just when Caspian thought things were turning around for Larry and Joan, Jessica appeared and tried to snatch Larry away. He could not help but feel sorry for the couple. 
“Where there’s a will, there’s a way. I believe Larry will realize how good I am if I try harder. I’m sure he’ll eventually be mine,” Jessica smiled and said.
###Chapter 2184
Chapter 2184 
What she said made sense, and I agree with her logic. But what she did was just not right. 
The kind of stupid things women do when they’re obsessed with love despite knowing that they would end up getting hurt. More often than not, they would only acknowledge their mistakes after losing their true selves. 
Oh, well. She’ll not listen to me anyway. Forget it. 
“Good luck to you then,” Caspian warned her, “But don’t you dare harm Joan.” 
Though he liked this woman, he would not allow her to destroy Joan’s life. 
“Hey, how can you threaten me like this? I thought you like me? You should be on my side!” Jessica pouted and acted cute to get her demand met. 
What? What logic is that? Why did she even say that? She and I are just friends. Our friendship is not even as close as the one I have with Joan! 
All of a sudden, Caspian kept his guard up. 
So all this while, she has been using me to do things for her? 
I’ll never do things to sabotage people’s relationships. No way. 
“Listen carefully, Jessica. I will not help you with this. You’re on your own now,” Caspian said and walked out of the ward. 
Larry knew Caspian very well, and he knew Caspian would never betray him. Caspian might be a low- profile individual and was not exactly good-looking, but he was a loyal man. This was why Larry had
always kept him by his side. 
“She still likes you very much,” Caspian walked toward Larry and said. 
Larry was not surprised at all as he already knew what Jessica had in mind. 
“So what is she going to do?” Larry asked. 
“She said she’ll work harder,” Caspian answered, “I believe she means she’ll try her best to win your love.” 
This woman is really one of a kind. Too bad, I don’t have any feelings for her. 
“Got it. Don’t worry, Joan and I will be fine. You know I won’t lay my eyes on any other women. I’ll still need your help in the future,” Larry said and gave his shoulder a gentle tap. 
Caspian knew what Larry was implying. He did not turn him down. 
Meanwhile, Joan sat in the garden with a line formed between her brows. 
Why didn’t he call me? Is he really that busy? Can’t he send me a short text message and tell me what he is doing? Joan fidgeted with her phone and kept checking the screen to see if Larry called. 
“What’s on your mind?” Delilah asked. 
“Oh, you’re back, Ms. Young.” Joan was surprised to see her. “I thought you’d be taking care of Caiden in the hospital.” 
“Caiden was discharged from the hospital yesterday, and you brought him home! What’s wrong with you? Something bad happened?” Delilah asked.
Nothing happened. I just miss Larry very much. Joan lowered her head, looking crestfallen. 
Delilah finally figured out what she was so moody. “If you miss him, why don’t you give him a call? You can always take the initiative.” 
Upon hearing that, Joan’s eyes brightened, but in just the blink of an eye, she got all emotional again. 
Why should I call him? He should be texting me instead… 
Nope! I’ll not text him. I’ll wait for him to text or call me! 
Just when she was deep in thought, her phone suddenly rang, taking her by surprise.
###Chapter 2185
Chapter 2185 
Oh. It’s not Larry. She let out a sigh and answered the call. “What’s up, Caiden?” 
“Can you cook for me, please?” Caiden asked. 
What? What’s wrong with him? He’s a much better cook than I am, and he wants me to cook for him? Even if he doesn’t wish to cook, he could have called for food delivery! What trick does he have up his sleeve this time? 
“Let me order food delivery for you,” she proposed. 
When Joan was about to end the call, Caiden immediately stopped her. “Hey, don’t. I just want you to cook for me. I miss your baked ribs,” Caiden said. 
Now that his Mom and Noelle had left, and no one knew where Jaden was, Caiden was all alone by himself. He had no choice but to call Joan for help. 
“I’ll cook first and bring it over later,” Joan said. 
“Why don’t you come and cook at my place? I want to learn from you too,” Caiden said. 
Since no one took care of him after he got discharged from the hospital, Joan thought she might go and check him out. After bidding Delilah goodbye, she left the garden. 
“You’re finally here.” Caiden got a little agitated. 
Yes. I came because I’m a kind person. Joan brought a bag full of ingredients and walked to the kitchen. 
“What else do you want to eat?” she asked loudly.
“I’ll eat anything,” he replied. 
Suddenly, he took out a camcorder and started recording, “All right. Joan. Tell me how you feel right now.” 
“Stop it. Let me cook in peace.” She was annoyed. 
“Come on, just say something,” he insisted. 
“You want to know how I feel? I just want to get this done and go home!” Joan looked into the camera and exclaimed. 
Caiden continued teasing Joan for a while before heading to the living room to watch the footage repeatedly. 
Not only she’s pretty, but she’s also a loving wife with a great personality. No wonder Larry doted on her. 
Does she really have no feelings for me? How I wish I could win her heart! Caiden raised his head, looked at the woman in the kitchen, and wondered. 
“Dinner’s ready! Here, your favorite baked ribs. It’s getting late. I’ve gotta go now. Bye!” Joan turned around and was ready to leave. 
Is she gonna leave just like that? Why is she in a hurry? 
“Hey, why don’t you join me? I don’t feel like eating this alone…” He blinked and pleaded with her. 
Joan turned him down as she had no intention of spending time with him. “I need to go home. I have to help Ms. Young to take care of the garden. Goodbye!” Joan then started removing the apron.
“Hey!” Caiden exclaimed. He went up and stopped her from leaving. 
Is she trying to avoid me? Am I a monster? Caiden knew she made up a random excuse, so she could get out of here, but he did not know why she did that. 
“Eat with me, please. I’m feeling lonely,” Caiden grabbed and shook her shoulders. 
Why is he behaving like a child? Joan could not stand him anymore. “But I really have to go home now. Lucius is gonna be home soon, and I have to go and get him some stationery.” 
“I’ll go with you after dinner. I’m sure Lucius misses me as much as I miss him.” 
What is wrong with this man? Can’t he tell I’m extremely annoyed and don’t want to be around him? And what if someone sees us together?
###Chapter 2186
Chapter 2186 
“Okay, I’ll join you for a meal. But you’ll have to stay at home and rest after that, okay?” Joan’s question came off as a firm statement. 
She was worried that someone might notice if Caiden went over to Delilah’s home and had too much fun with Lucius. Although the village was small and humble, there were still inevitably some gossip- seeking and rumor-spreading people. 
“You really don’t want me to see Lucius, huh? Fine, we’ll put that aside for now. Let’s eat!” Caiden said as he nudged her into the dining room. 
“This tastes really good!” He salivated excitedly at the freshly made dishes before him. 
She made all this food for me, so they’re absolutely delicious. 
The door suddenly creaked open—it was Jaden. 
“Woah, that smells great!” Jaden said aloud. 
His voice bubbled with laughter as he joked, “What a coincidence! How uncanny that I walked in right when you guys are eating. So tell me, did you guys specifically prepare these for me?” 
Noelle peeked out from behind him and exclaimed, “Oh? And you’ve got someone else with you, a girl nonetheless!” 
Ugh! Why did those two show up now of all times? Caiden’s lips twitched with annoyance. I finally got some alone time with Joan. Now, look at what they’ve done! They ruined everything. Are they doing it on purpose?
“What brings you guys here?” Caiden grunted. 
Jaden frowned slightly at his rude question. What kind of a twisted joke is that? Why can’t I be here? This is literally my home! Jaden paced into the dining room and smacked his lips like a starving child. 
A playful smile curved on Jaden’s face. He teased, “I thought I’d come home and spend time with you since I miss you so much.” 
The truth was that Caiden’s mom had sent him over. She was worried for Caiden, who was just discharged from the hospital and had no one to care for him at home. And since she and Caiden had a strained mother-son relationship, she could only ask Jaden to go over and keep Caiden company. 
“You spending time with me? What a load of rubbish. I’m grateful enough when you’re not to pissing me off,” Caiden complained straightforwardly. 
Jaden won’t go out of his way to keep me company unless there’s something he’s in it for. 
“Caiden, you’re eating so little! Does the food taste bad? I’ll make some much yummier dishes for you.” Noelle then beelined for the kitchen. 
“That won’t be necessary,” Caiden’s voice thundered at her. “The food isn’t the problem. I just lost my appetite now that you two are here.” 
Joan frowned for the briefest second before her features gradually softened. 
What’s with him? Wasn’t he fine a moment ago? Why is he suddenly so upset? Is it because the two of them came back? But this is Jaden’s home, though. And Noelle is his sister, so it should be fine for her to be here. 
“Caiden… what’s the meaning of this? Aren’t you happy to see us?” Noelle asked in a shaky voice.
Obviously, Caiden sneered inwardly. I’m well aware of what you did to Joan. The only thing holding me back from teaching you a lesson is that Joan isn’t my woman. Otherwise… 
“What do you guys want?” Caiden turned and asked in a growling tone. 
What’s up with him? Jaden raised a brow. What does he mean by “what do we want”? Why else would I come back to my home? 
“What the hell is wrong with you today, Caiden? What’s with the attitude?” Jaden snarled. 
I literally just got home, and now I have to put up with your temper tantrum? Why should I? It’s not like I owe you anything. 
Now Jaden was really getting mad. They often joked around, but Jaden never paid two minds about how harsh Caiden’s jokes were. Unfortunately, today, Jaden was in a bad mood and had no patience to deal with Caiden’s offensive humor. 
“Alrighty, let’s get you back to your room so you can rest up.” Noelle then shoved Jaden away to his bedroom before a fight could start. 
With them gone, Joan and Caiden were the only ones left in the dining room. The air around them fogged up with awkwardness. 
“Why were you suddenly upset earlier?” Isn’t it normal for Jaden and his sister to come back here? It is his home after all…” Joan cautiously uttered. 
It is normal. But I don’t care because they irritatingly showed up and interrupted us! Caiden’s eyes turned frosty as he slammed his cutlery onto the table.
###Chapter 2187
Chapter 2187 
“Everything’s fine. I’m going to the washroom, so don’t wait up, okay?” Caiden said in a calm voice before getting up and leaving. 
What Joan didn’t know was that Caiden’s patience and tenderness were only for her. He could tolerate every single bad thing and every temper of Joan’s, just not anyone else’s. This was what Noelle jealously wanted but could never have. 
Did I cross the line? Caiden turned on the tap and aggressively splattered water onto his face. 
“Caiden, you’ve gone too far. My brother already had a rotten day, yet you were so rude instead of comforting him. Do you think that the world revolves around only you? That everyone’s feelings don’t matter except yours?” Noelle lectured without holding back. 
She would always prioritize her brother’s wellbeing over any other man, even if it were the man she liked. 
Unnerved by her sudden anger, Caiden asked softly, “What happened?” 
“I think he got ripped off by someone.” 
What? How could something like that happen to Jaden? Ugh. Forget it. I’ll check on him later since he’s probably taking a nap now. 
“I see,” Caiden acknowledged. 
Then Noelle left Caiden to his devices as she wandered into the kitchen. There, she glared murderously at Joan, who had her back turned and was washing dishes in the kitchen.
“Why are you here? Didn’t I tell you to stay away from Caiden? Don’t forget that you’re someone else’s wife; you don’t deserve to be with Caiden.” Noelle threateningly bared her teeth whilst glaring daggers at her. 
At this, Joan clenched her jaw. What’s she blabbering about? Caiden forced me to come over and prepare a meal for him. How is any of this my fault? 
“Ms. Ford. First of all, I was forced to be here. You can ask Caiden if you don’t believe me. Go ahead, ask him if he called me over to cook him a meal,” Joan challenged resolutely. 
There was nothing more Joan loathed than being wrongfully accused without having the chance to explain herself. Noelle’s words did just that, and Joan couldn’t stand it. 
“Well, you could always refuse! He knows how to make his own meals,” Noelle stubbornly said. 
What a joke, Joan snorted. If he could make his own meals, then why does he need me here? Can’t she get it through that thick skull of hers? The man just got discharged from the hospital! He’s obviously going to have a difficult time doing house chores, let alone go to the supermarket where he might potentially worsen his injury. If that happens, then who’s to blame? 
“Sure, I understand. Why don’t you hold on to Caiden’s phone and make sure he doesn’t call me over again? I’m a very busy woman—I have to tend to the garden, care for my kid, and work at the supermarket. So please, I implore you to stay here and take care of him. Take this burden off my shoulders. Make sure he doesn’t call me, okay?” Joan immediately left the kitchen. 
She was truly offended. 
What the hell? This is what I get for being kind? There’s clearly nothing going on between Caiden and me. Yet, she keeps insisting otherwise. Ugh, Larry will get jealous if he finds out about this.
“I’m heading off now, Caiden! I’ve also put away the dishes for you,” Joan shouted. 
“Wait up!” Caiden’s voice grew closer as he catapulted towards her. 
This made Joan spin on her heels. She blinked at him dubiously with a hint of curiosity in her eyes. What is he trying to do now? Can’t we settle everything at once? 
“Umm… could you come over tomorrow and cook for me again?” He mumbled with bright pink cheeks. 
Huh? Joan’s mind blanked as if she were hit by a bus. 
Now he’s just pushing his luck. Does he think everyone’s lives are as leisurely as his? 
Mmm-mmm, nope! At this rate, he’ll be spoiled rotten. 
“I’m busy tomorrow, but Noelle is relatively free lately. She can come over and prepare your meals. Plus, you don’t have to worry because she’s a great cook,” Joan explained whilst subtly winking at Noelle. 
At this, Noelle immediately played along. “Oh, right! Caiden, her daily schedule is hectic enough. You really shouldn’t trouble her all the time. I’ll whip up a nice meal for you tomorrow, alright?”
###Chapter 2188
Chapter 2188 
At least she’s quick witted. For the briefest moment, Noelle’s lips curled into a delighted grin at Joan. 
“But I want you to cook for me… and I’m already used to the food you make,” Caiden lowered his head and puffed his cheeks. 
What the… Noelle was flabbergasted. 
Since when was Caiden so childish? He’s normally all indifferent and cold towards others. Why is he suddenly acting like a bashful schoolboy? He’s even behaving so coquettishly! 
“Please? I really like the food you make…” Caiden pouted and begged with a purring voice. 
A shiver ran down Noelle’s back. She stared narrowed-eyed in disbelief at this kittenish version of Caiden. 
“Um… what’s up with you? Can’t you be more normal?” Noelle murmured awkwardly as she nudged Caiden’s back. 
In response, Caiden turned to face her with a darkened gaze. “Shut up!” 
Yep, he’s completely different with her than with me. 
Noelle couldn’t help but feel envious again. 
Wait… so he’s extremely indifferent to everyone, no matter their gender—except towards Joan. He’s only ever this gentle and affectionate towards Joan! 
Has he lost his marbles? What the hell is he thinking? Joan has a family; she’s got a husband and a kid! Won’t it be messed up if Caiden goes after her?
Just as Noelle was deep in thought, Joan raised her voice and refused firmly, “I really do have plans tomorrow. I haven’t been back to the supermarket in a while, and there’s a lot of matters I have to attend to.” 
Joan mentally nodded at her firm rejection. This is for the best. Otherwise, he’ll get too used to having me around. 
Noelle then chimed in intentionally, “Joan’s life doesn’t just revolve around you, Caiden. Quit latching onto her! Do you think that she’s a bachelor like you? You’re forgetting; she has a husband and a child, as well as others she has to take care of. She’s a really busy person!” 
This damned girl! Why does she always have to be so blatantly honest? A hostile glint flashed in Caiden’s dark gaze. 
“You should go to your room and rest.” Although Caiden said this in a soft voice, his face darkened furiously. 
“I’m not tired,” Noelle retorted. She boldly continued, “Besides, I’d rather watch the two of you work out this dilemma.” 
What is this damned girl doing? Why can’t she be more considerate and give us some space? 
Noelle clearly knew that Caiden wanted privacy with Joan. However, Noelle intentionally stayed because she wanted to prevent anything weird from happening between those two. 
The three of them froze in hesitation for the longest while. At some point, Joan finally had enough as she picked up her phone and left. 
“Why do you even like her? Is it because she’s pretty? Has a good figure? Or is it because she’s unique and outstanding?” Noelle questioned scrutinously as she plopped onto the sofa.
“Because of her feminine charm,” Caiden replied right away. 
Noelle stilled in shock at his sudden, but resolute answer. 
Did I hear that correctly? Has he never met a single woman with feminine charms in his entire life? 
“Aren’t I feminine?” Noelle batted her lashes at him. 
Caiden abruptly cleared his throat. He averted Noelle’s gaze and felt a rush of nervousness. 
How can she compare herself to Joan? The two of them are completely different people. 
“Well, I’m tired. Guess I’ll call it a day now.” With those parting words, Caiden took off for his room. 
What kind of response is that? Noelle shot his distanced figure a dirty look. 
Meanwhile, Joan had just made it back home with a massive frown on her face. She had been like that ever since she stepped foot into the house, which made Delilah suspect that something was wrong. 
Delilah’s face wrinkled with worry as she asked, “Is everything alright?” 
“I’m fine, Ms. Young. Is everything in the garden sorted?” Joan dodged her question with a gentle voice. 
She’s worried about the garden even though she’s down in the dumps? That silly girl. Always taking care of others… 
“Ms. Young!” A man’s voice suddenly called out from afar. 
What is Dustin doing here? Confused, Joan shot onto her feet and headed toward the yard. 
“Joan! You’re home too,” Dustin’s voice bubbled cheerfully at her.
He then turned to smile at Delilah. “Apologies, Ms. Young. I haven’t had the time to come over and personally express my gratitude. Today, I finally freed up my schedule to visit, and to thank you for gifting us so many plants previously.”
###Chapter 2189
Chapter 2189 
Oh, so he’s here to visit Ms. Young. Joan nodded to herself. She then turned around and paced towards her room, excusing herself from their conversation. Truthfully, Joan did so because she suddenly felt dead tired after everything that happened with Caiden and Noelle earlier. 
Why do people misunderstand every single thing I do? One of these days, I might actually get so fed up that I’ll ditch them all and travel the world. Who cares if they starve and can’t make their own meals! 
She stood and watched as the flower buds swayed to the blowing wind outside her window. Mixed emotions with an overarching sadness lingered in her chest. 
Larry… when will you be back? Bleak-grey sorrow flitted in her eyes. 
“What’s going on?” Dustin pointed at Joan’s room and asked in a lowered voice. 
“I don’t know. I’ve tried asking, but she won’t say a word. She’s been like this ever since she came home.” Delilah raised her shoulders into a helpless shrug. 
Something must have happened. Dustin’s lips thinned with worry. 
Larry’s not home, so is it Caiden that’s making her upset? He knew that Joan and Caiden had been awfully close these days, as well as the fact that Caiden had feelings for her. 
“I’m going to check up on her,” Dustin announced before approaching Joan’s bedroom door and knocking on it. 
Some time passed before Joan returned to her senses. When she did, the knocking startled her. She then darted to open the door.
“What took you so long?” Dustin grumbled, pretending to be offended. 
“No reason. Why? What’s the matter?” Joan awkwardly scratched the back of her head. 
“Let’s go to the supermarket. There’s still a lot to be done there, and we need the extra hand. Plus, everyone misses you since you haven’t been there in a while.” 
It has been a long time, Joan thought. I should probably go visit. 
“Alright,” she agreed in a low voice before putting on a coat and heading out the door. 
Awkwardness stifled them on the entire journey there. Not a single word was spoken between them. Dustin could tell that Joan was in a foul mood. 
“Let take a quick meal break because I’m starving,” Dustin held her hand and suggested. 
Huh? Joan frowned. What’s he playing at? Aren’t we heading to work? Not to mention, it’s an odd time of day to have a meal. 
“No, but you—” 
“I haven’t had breakfast yet,” Dustin interjected with a huff. 
He is the department leader, so I suppose whatever he says goes. Besides, he’ll be responsible if anything bad suddenly happens at the supermarket. 
Truthfully, everything was actually fine at the supermarket, and they didn’t need help either. Dustin only said that because he didn’t want Joan to be alone where she could potentially overthink. 
Because aren’t all women the same when they’re left alone? They tend to overthink themselves into misery, or they reminisce about their past, and some even get depressed. Dustin nodded with certainty as he had witnessed far too many women succumb to this pattern.
“Is there anything you’d like to eat?” He chirped at Joan. 
The heck…? Wasn’t he the one who wanted to eat? Why is he asking for my choice of food? Is there something bothering him? Joan scanned his face with a suspicious and unnerved look. 
“I’m just asking you for suggestions since I don’t know what I feel like having,” Dustin added. 
Alright then. Joan’s gaze shifted around them to examine the options of eateries they had. There were no hotels in the village, nor any glamorous and high-end restaurants. This was what made the place serenely quiet. 
“Come on, let’s have something light.” Joan led him towards a small restaurant down the street. 
Once there, the restaurant owner dashed towards them with a bubbling passion. “Oh, Joan! You haven’t come by here for ages. What have you been up to these days?” 
“Wha-Oh, I haven’t been eating out as much since I’ve been pretty occupied lately,” Joan replied tensely. 
The restaurant owner didn’t push any further as she could tell that Joan was in a bad mood. 
“Do you want to head over to the private rooms?” Dustin offered. “It’s about lunchtime, and the crowds coming in can get real rowdy.” 
Joan glanced blankly at the clock on the wall before pacing towards the private room. 
“Psst!” The restaurant owner subtly caught Dustin’s attention. She asked in a quiet voice, “Why does she look so forlorn? Did someone mess with her?” 
“Beats me. She’s the kind of person to bottle up her emotions because she doesn’t like troubling others. Anyways, I’m going to head over and find out now. Please excuse me.” Dustin then grabbed a
jug of water from the self-serve table and left for the private room.
###Chapter 2190
Chapter 2190 
The restaurant owner couldn’t help but feel concerned for Joan. Immediately after, she dialed a number that she had scribbled into her notebook. 
At the same time, a haphazard series of clickety clacks sounded as Larry typed furiously before his computer. 
“Hello?” 
“Is this Mr. Larry?” 
At this, Larry’s brows tensed in displeasure. He couldn’t tell where he had heard this voice before. Regardless, his attention remained mainly on the desktop screen before him. 
“This is him. May I know who I’m speaking to?” 
“Mr. Larry, I think you should come back and check up on Joan. She seems to be in an awful mood,” the restaurant owner murmured into the phone. 
Hearing this, Larry’s fingers skidded to a halt. He straightened off his chair and calmly walked towards the balcony. 
“What did she do?” His voice lowered seriously. 
“Nothing! She’s having a meal with Dustin, but she looks really sad.” 
She’s with that man again? A slow flame burned within Larry. 
Why is she always with other men? If she’s not hanging out with Caiden, then she’s always around Dustin… Am I not enough for her?
“I see. I’ll head back after I wrap things up here. Thank you for informing me,” Larry replied curtly before hanging up. 
What’s with that indifferent tone? The restaurant owner frowned. What does he mean by “he’ll head back here after wrapping things up”? Does that mean he’ll heartlessly abandon his wife if he doesn’t manage to complete his work? What kind of logic is that? Are young people nowadays so easily angered? How petty and childish. The restaurant owner shook her head and gave a long sigh. 
Forget it. I’ve already done my part by telling him. What happens next is all up to them now. 
“Miss, bring me some alcohol!” Joan’s voice boomed from inside the private room. 
“What are you doing, Joan? It’s too early for alcoholic drinks! You should drink something lighter like juice.” Dustin, who sat opposite her, thundered back. 
“Ugh, I don’t want juice… I want some alcohol! Miss, bring me some white wine! I want wine…” Joan whined whilst thrashing around like an upset child. 
What the devil is going on with her? Why is she suddenly asking for wine? The restaurant owner’s eyes narrowed as she curiously tip-toed outside the private room. 
“Why are they doing this to me!” Fat tears rolled down Joan’s face as she bawled, “I’m literally a plain nobody who’s trying to live her normal life. Why can’t they leave me alone? What did I ever do to offend them…” 
This rendered Dustin speechless. He had no clue what happened to Joan, so a panicked urge surged in him as he witnessed her tear up so miserably. 
“Why don’t you tell me what happened, hmm?” A sharp pain flickered in Dustin’s eyes as he soothed her.
She must be having a hard time without Larry, Dustin assumed. 
But Joan’s voice cut his thoughts off abruptly. She yelled, “Let me tell you this: I don’t like Caiden that way. I’ve got enough on my plate already, yet he keeps asking me to help him with everything! While he did save my life, it’s still unfair that he keeps asking me to cook his meals. It’s outrageous, don’t you agree? It’s not like I’m his wife or anything. I have my own husband and child to tend to, but Caiden keeps latching onto me! And that Noelle won’t stop calling me a shameless skank! She is hell-bent on the idea that I’m seducing Caiden even though I’m not. I’m really not! Ugh!” 
So all of this is Caiden’s doing! Realizing this, Dustin gaze darkened menacingly. He had always suspected that Caiden’s motives were impure. Now, he knew for sure. 
“Joan, you don’t have to do anything if you don’t want to. I’m sure that he’ll still be fine without you. He’s a man, after all. Nothing drastically bad will happen to him. Besides, he’s got Noelle, doesn’t he?” Dustin comforted her whilst delicately tucking a strand of her hair away. 
“No, you’re wrong! Don’t you know… there’s this thing called a guilty conscience? So no matter how much I loathe helping him, I have no choice but to do it because I don’t want to owe him anything. Ugh!” 
As the words left Joan’s mouth, she suddenly bent over and heaved out a warm but rancid liquid. 
At this, the restaurant owner frantically rushed into the private room. “What’s going on in here? How did you get this drunk?”
###Chapter 2191
Chapter 2191 
“I’m fine. I think I can’t handle white wine. Miss, get me a beer instead!” Joan’s voice slurred. 
Has she lost her mind? She’s absolutely wasted! The restaurant owner shook her head disapprovingly. 
“That’s enough now. It’s getting late, so you should hurry home and rest up,” the restaurant owner refused curtly. 
“No! I don’t want to go home. I can’t let Lucius see me all wobbly and drunk like this. No, I’m not going back!” Joan then kicked her legs in a child-like tantrum. 
“Oh? So you remember that you have a child at home, huh? I suppose you’re not completely irresponsible. But look how haphazard you look… Who on earth pissed you off to get you so drunk?” The restaurant owner grumbled as she excused herself out of the private room. 
Meanwhile, Dustin remained by Joan’s side whilst patting soothingly on her back. Dustin couldn’t help but stare viciously into the space, knowing that someone had caused her so much pain. 
This was the woman he loved dearly and wanted to spend the rest of his life with, so he refused to stand by and watch as she experienced such humiliation. 
“How are you feeling? Better?” 
“Let’s get out of here. I’m too embarrassed to stay,” Joan murmured in between her hitched breathing. 
How can someone drunk still care about trivial things like dignity and humiliation? She’s already made a huge fuss. What’s left for her to worry about? Dustin sighed to himself. 
“Okay, where would you like to go?”
Joan snorted inwardly. Where else can I go? I obviously can’t go home, so a hotel is my only option for tonight. 
“About that… can you drop me off at a hotel in the city? I was originally planning to look for Nancy tomorrow, so it’ll be convenient if you could. I can’t go home smelling like alcohol tonight,” Joan uttered nervously. 
Oh? She must be decently sober if she can still think so logically, Dustin thought. 
“Come on.” Dustin helped her onto her feet and led her out of the private room. 
“Take care, okay?” the restaurant owner called out from behind. 
Joan then turned around and bowed clumsily, apologizing for the ruckus she had caused earlier. She also cooed, “Shhh! Please don’t tell Ms. Young or Lucius about today! I can’t be a bad role model for my child.” 
Upon hearing that, the restaurant owner burst out giggling. 
That silly girl is too adorable. 
“I shake it off, I shake it off…” Joan sang out whilst bawling. Her voice boomed aloud with a hint of sorrow as if she were the only person in the car. 
Dustin stared wide-eyed at her untamed way of expressing sorrow. 
She was never like this before. Yeah, she got drunk here and there, but she drank to get herself to sleep then. So why is she suddenly behaving so wildly instead of getting sleepy? Did reality hit her that hard? The thought of this made Dustin’s face darken to a gloomy grey. 
“Joan, aren’t you going to call Ms. Young?” he reminded with a gentle tone.
“Right.” Joan then took out her phone and dialed Delilah’s number. 
“Ms. Young? I did something big, huge! So I won’t be back tonight,” Joan mumbled whilst swaying drunkenly. 
“Joan, where on earth are you? Are you drunk? Who’s with you now? When are you coming back then? Didn’t I tell you not to go out and drink alone?” Delilah’s furious voice screeched from the phone. 
“Ms. Young, how could you say that? I just drank a little… just a smidge,” Joan giggled. 
At this, Delilah scoffed inwardly. Has this girl lost all sense of reason? She hasn’t been herself ever since she got home today. Now, she’s drunk somewhere out there? Moreover, it’s already so late, and she still hasn’t come home! 
“Hurry up and tell me your address now. I’m coming to fetch you.” 
“Oh, it’s fine. I’m not coming home—” 
Dustin then snatched her phone and said, “Ms. Young.” 
Dustin? The two of them are out together? Delilah’s brows scrunched in suspicion. 
Dustin continued to explain, “Joan won’t be going home tonight because she’s worried Lucius will be negatively affected by her drunken state. Don’t worry. I’m taking her to a hotel for the night, and I’ll send her home tomorrow morning.” 
Thank goodness he’s by her side, or else I might actually worry myself sick. But… is it appropriate for the two of them to be out together this late at night? What will happen if Larry finds out? 
Oh, to hell with it! He’s overseas now, so he won’t know as long as the three of us keep our lips tightly shut.
###Chapter 2192
Chapter 2192 
“Okay then, Dustin. I’ll leave it up to you.” 
The two then said their goodbyes before hanging up. 
Next to him, Joan wiggled around in the front passenger seat. She was hollering loudly about how unfair life was, about how the gods above were cruel. 
Is there a screw loose in her head? What’s up with the sudden pessimism? Dustin let out a long and exhausted sigh as he drove on. 
Not long after, their car pulled up in front of a hotel. 
“Alright, we’re here. Careful now,” Dustin cautioned as he held her hand and helped her off the car. 
In the lobby, the receptionist shook his head apologetically. “I’m sorry, sir. We’re heavily booked for tonight. We only have one room available.” 
At this point, Joan felt utter discomfort from the alcohol earlier. She winced as pain traveled down her body and nipped at her limbs uncomfortably. 
“It will have to do then,” Dustin settled the payments in a flash. He then scooped Joan into his arms and carried her upstairs to their room. 
Moments later, Joan lay sprawled out on the bed. She mumbled longingly in her sleep, “Larry… I miss you…” 
Even in her dreams, all she thinks of is him. Dustin’s chest sank heavily at this. Larry is perhaps the only man whom she’ll love in her entire lifetime; I doubt any other man would get even the slimmest
chance to win her over. 
“Here, have some water.” Dustin tapped gently on her arm to wake her. 
She must have felt Dustin’s presence as her arms suddenly snaked around his waist into a chain-like hug. For a fleeting moment, Dustin’s heart pounded erratically inside his chest. 
“Joan, let me go.” 
He knew that she probably mistook him for Larry. 
His suspicions were confirmed when Joan’s hug tightened on his waist as she cried out, “Larry, why did it take you so long to get back?” 
“Have some water.” Dustin carefully lifted the glass of water from the table over and passed it to Joan. 
He desperately wanted to hold her, to have pillow talks, be intimate, as well as share the same bed with her. However, he refused to take advantage of her while she was drunk. He could never bring himself to hurt her like that. 
So he sat on the sofa next to Joan and watched over as she tussled all night long. 
The morning sun permeated through the curtains. Its warm light then dappled onto the ground. On the bed, Joan’s arms extended into a stretch. Then she let out a big yawn before gradually opening her eyes. 
Looks like the weather’s nice today. Joan’s lips curled in delight. 
Wait. Why doesn’t this look like my room? Am I not at home? Where is this place? Right away, Joan sprung out of bed. The hairs down her arms stood straighter. 
Unable to contain the fear that rapidly surged inside her, Joan shrieked, “Ahhhh!”
“Why are you screaming so early in the morning?” Dustin groaned huskily. 
His eyes seemed to darken with irritation and tiredness. It was most likely because he didn’t sleep a wink last night. 
“Why are you here, Dustin? And why am I here? What the devil is going on?” Joan’s voice rattled as she tried to steady her emotions. 
She knew that the man standing before her would never do anything outrageous in her disadvantaged state. Yet, her heart still raced because she couldn’t quite recall any of yesterday’s events. 
“What? Did you forget everything that happened last night? You were as wasted as a skunk and kept insisting on more alcohol,” Dustin grumbled. 
Sh*t, I really did it this time… and I haven’t even called Ms. Young yet! She must be worried out of her mind. Joan’s head throbbed with panic. 
She then hysterically clawed under the blanket. “Where’s my phone? I need to call home and make sure they’re not worried about me.” 
Look at how responsible she’s being. She must’ve forgotten that she already called Ms. Young last night. Dustin couldn’t help but stifle an amused laugh. 
“Okay. Let’s hurry up and get you home for a change of clothes. I’ll drive you to work afterward, no excuses! If you request any more day-offs, then I’m seriously deducting it from your pay.” Dustin flashed her a teasing frown as he stood up to leave. 
Right, I have to go back and explain everything to Ms. Young. Delilah had once told Joan to never go out drinking on her own, and look what happened now; Not only did Joan violate that piece of advice, but she somehow ended up in a hotel room with Dustin.
“Let’s move! Hurry up, or we’ll be late!” Joan grabbed her coat and dashed out the door. 
My god. I reek of alcohol, and my clothes are a mess! What the devil did I do last night? Joan’s brows furrowed as her lips twitched with disgust at her current disheveled state.
###Chapter 2193
Chapter 2193 
In the car, Joan asked carefully, “I didn’t do anything out of line last night, did I?” 
She was suddenly afraid of hearing Dustin’s answer. If she had performed a striptease in front of him, that would be embarrassing. She wouldn’t be able to work together with him anymore. 
“What do you mean? Singing? Dancing? Or yelling at me?” Dustin turned and fixed his gaze on her. 
Actually, Joan did throw a fit last night, but that was it. 
But right now, Dustin couldn’t help but tease her. 
“Anything else?” 
“Hmm, yes. You were quite crazy last night. Even though you were drunk, it didn’t stop your enthusiasm. I remember your hot figure—” 
“Enough, stop. Just focus on driving,” Joan cut him off. 
Shit. This is d*mn embarrassing. 
Did I go crazy? How could I show something that’s exclusive to Larry to him? What should I do? Uneasiness flashed across Joan’s eyes. 
“Uh, Dustin. I was drunk last night, so everything I did was irrational. Please don’t take it to heart. Also, don’t tell anyone about it,” Joan pleaded, her expression earnest. 
Seeing how pitiful she looked, Dustin held back his laughter. 
“I’ll try my best. If I get drunk one day, I might reveal it without hesitation,” he replied on purpose.
Joan immediately yelled, “No! If you want to drink next time, bring me along. You can’t mention last night’s events. It’s too embarrassing!” 
Dustin loved her for being sincere, straightforward and how she had never thought of him as an outsider. 
“Don’t worry. You did get drunk last night, but you didn’t do anything out of line,” he revealed. 
“What? So what you said earlier was a lie? How could you, Dustin? I trusted you!” Joan pretended to gaze out the window furiously. 
Shortly after, the car came to a stop. 
“We’re here.” 
Instead of replying to him, Joan turned and alighted from the car. 
“Joan, you’re back. What a coincidence. Larry had just…” Delilah trailed off upon seeing her. 
Huh? What is going on? Why does she look so disheveled? Not to mention, she reeks of alcohol, and her clothes are all wrinkled up. Why did she come back without even bothering to clean up? 
“Ms. Young, I’m back,” said Joan weakly. 
Oh no! I can’t let Larry see her in this state. 
“Stop. Hurry and go somewhere else. Don’t come in.” With that, Delilah tried to shove her back into Dustin’s car. 
“Why? She’s back, right? You must be exhausted last night.” 
Suddenly, a familiar voice rang out.
He’s back? Joan grew increasingly excited. 
“Larry!” she yelled and dashed over to him. 
Flinging his arms around him, she whined, “When did you come back? I miss you so much!” 
Meanwhile, Dustin was standing at the door awkwardly. 
Though Joan was hugging him, Larry seemed grim. 
“You should take a shower,” was his icy reply. 
Oh, this is bad. Delilah fidgeted nervously. 
After bidding goodbye, Dustin returned to the supermarket. Joan went to take a shower. As the water trickled down her body, she slowly regained her senses. 
He must be mad earlier. She berated herself for being a fool. 
It took her some time in the shower to deliberate. When she finally stepped out, Larry was on the couch flipping through a magazine coolly. 
“Uh, do you want some water?” Joan queried carefully.
###Chapter 2194
Chapter 2194 
“No,” Larry said icily. 
Clearly, he was upset. 
Even though Joan and Dustin only spent the entire night drinking, it was still wrong of her to drink with another man. 
“What about your company? Is everything settled?” she pressed on. 
“It’s doing well.” 
As his reply was curt, Joan felt frustrated. Should I explain to him now? Or should I wait until he calms down? 
“Oh.” She turned and returned to her room. 
I should wait till he calms down. Otherwise, we might end up in a fight. 
Seeing Joan’s figure disappearing from his sight, Larry’s gaze grew frosty. 
This is outrageous! In the past, she would never spend a night with another man! Sorrow crept into Larry’s heart at that thought. 
Joan, what happened to you? Why do you keep hurting me again and again? He collapsed onto the couch and gazed at the ceiling blankly. 
Did she go to another man because I spent too little time with her? 
Turns out all women, including Joan, are realistic. He heaved a loud sigh.
“Hey, don’t overthink things. Joan and Dustin are innocent. I can prove that.” Delilah consoled him. 
She can prove that? How? Joan was with Dustin last night, and Delilah wasn’t with them. There’s no way she could prove nothing had happened. Is it because she trusts Joan? 
Larry shook his head despondently. After all, a person would do anything in an inebriated state. No man would be able to resist an intoxicated woman’s advances. Besides, he didn’t even know if Dustin was a gentleman. 
Only those involved would know what had happened last night. 
“Ms. Young, I’m fine,” answered Larry lightly, shaking his head. 
There was nothing else he could do. He couldn’t bring himself to ask Joan about it either. I should wait until she comes and explains to me. 
Still, he wondered why she entered her room after taking a shower instead of explaining last night’s events. 
In her room, Joan tossed and turned on her bed, feeling guilty. 
When will he calm down? She stared at the clock beside her as time ticked by. 
An hour later, Joan rose to her feet, thinking that Larry must’ve calmed down by now. However, she couldn’t find him in the living room. 
Has he left? 
Joan went to the washroom, balcony, and yard, but Larry was nowhere to be seen. 
Looks like he has left. Disappointment flitted across Joan’s gaze.
Meanwhile, Larry returned to his office and threw himself into work. After going abroad for a few days, work had piled up on his desk. He had to deal with the problems as soon as possible or risk affecting his company’s reputation. 
“Larry, the partnership is confirmed. Don’t worry,” Caspian assured him. 
“Alright. Got it,” was Larry’s calm reply. 
Caspian showed no signs of leaving his office, so he continued, “What’s wrong? Anything else?” 
“Larry, I think you should be careful. Jessica is obviously targeting you.” 
Caspian had tried to dissuade Jessica, but she stubbornly refused to give up on Larry. 
Larry put the file in his hand down, his gaze turning grim. 
Jessica was indeed impossible to handle. Once she set her target, nothing would sway her mind.
###Chapter 2195
Chapter 2195 
“It’s fine. I know,” Larry responded coolly and resumed working. 
It was useless to fret over it right now as he thought that perhaps Jessica just hadn’t met her Mr. Right yet. 
Caspian gazed at Larry hesitantly before leaving his office. 
It won’t be for long before chaos will ensue, thought Caspian sadly with his fists clenched. 
Speak of the devil, a familiar voice called out, “Mr. Norton!” 
Larry pressed his temples in an effort to clear his mind. 
“Is there something you need?” He got right to the point. 
“Nothing. I’m just here to check in on you because I miss you,” replied Jessica slowly. 
Women are so troublesome. They don’t understand men at all! Larry felt his head throbbing. 
Previously, Gabriella kept annoying him. Now, it was Jessica who irritated him. 
“There’s no need to come. I’m too busy to talk to you.” Larry seemed distracted. 
Jessica knew he didn’t like her. 
Scoffing silently, she thought, But I have my eyes on you! You will fall for me soon! 
“Ms. Zimmer, let me repeat this again. We’re just friends, and nothing else. So stop trying to get something else from me. It’s impossible,” Larry concluded firmly.
He knew Jessica would ignore his words for she was too headstrong. 
“Larry, what are you talking about? I didn’t do anything. Besides, no one can predict the future. Plans can change, right?” Jessica replied, her voice dripping with sarcasm. 
She’s too obsessed! Larry shook his head helplessly. 
He couldn’t even figure out why she liked him. He knew he was good-looking, but most wealthy men who drove expensive cars were good-looking and capable, too. There were plenty of men who were far more capable than him in this world. 
“You should go. I’m busy here,” he told her. 
Larry made it very clear that it was time for Jessica to leave. 
“What is it? Can I help? I’ll have you know that I’m quite good at this,” Jessica returned earnestly. 
Meanwhile, back home, Delilah was talking to Joan. “You haven’t seen him in a while, so I think you should go to him. He’s quite busy, so can’t you take the initiative?” she asked with a hint of displeasure in her voice. 
Her guard was up after what happened between Joan and Caiden previously. If Joan couldn’t handle her relationship with Larry well, it might lead to a problem in the future. 
“Alright, I got it. I’ll prepare lunch for Larry.” With that, Joan headed into the kitchen. 
He must be tired from everything, huh? I know he’ll skip meals whenever he’s busy. I wonder how Norton Corporation is doing now. The company’s operations will improve, right? Joan’s eyes were filled with concern.
She belatedly realized she hadn’t cooked a proper meal for Larry. At that thought, she felt like a failed wife. 
At the same time, Larry was typing away furiously in his office. He was upset at the fact that Joan and Dustin had spent a night together. Still, he waited patiently for her to provide an explanation. But lately, he was too busy for them to even meet up. 
Ding! 
Larry had received an email. 
He placed the file he was holding aside and clicked on the email sent by someone anonymous. 
Instantly, he was rendered speechless. 
It was a video of Caiden and Joan together. Joan was busy cooking in the kitchen, while Caiden was having fun beside her. They seemed to be getting along amicably. 
Larry’s expression turned gloomy. 
What is she doing? Isn’t Dustin enough? Now she’s also involved with Caiden? What the heck is she thinking? She’s a married woman. Shouldn’t she stay away from other men? Also, why is she cooking for Caiden?
###Chapter 2196
Chapter 2196 
Slam! Larry flung the file aside onto the ground in fury. 
Joan Watts, how many men do you want? 
Larry couldn’t focus on work. He stalked to the window and forced himself to calm down while staring at the scenery outside. 
“What’s wrong? You look furious. Did someone upset you?” Suddenly, Jessica appeared and pushed the door to his office open. 
“Why are you here again?” 
He was about to explode with rage, and she had arrived at a bad time. 
Jessica knew Larry was furious, so she didn’t retort. 
“What’s wrong? Did someone make you angry? Let me guess. There’s only one person who can do that—Joan Watts,” Jessica said sarcastically. 
That’s right, she’s the only one I care about. But look at what she did. Why are there so many men surrounding her? 
“Could it be that Joan cheated on you?” asked Jessica in a low voice. 
“I don’t want to talk about this,” Larry returned sternly. 
He knew that he shouldn’t be telling outsiders about his private affairs. Besides, Jessica obviously had her eyes on him. If she found out about this, she might seize the opportunity to do something.
“Alright, alright. You can keep it to yourself. Look, I’ve prepared lunch for you. Have a bite.” Jessica tugged on his arm and led him to the couch. 
“I won’t eat. I’m not hungry.” He warned her, “Also, don’t come here anymore. If you insist on coming, I’ll change my office.” 
No matter what Joan did, he refused to betray her, for he was still her husband. 
“What are you talking about? If I can’t come here, where can I see you?” Jessica blinked and replied. 
Easy. Just stop meeting with me. That being said, I won’t mind if she’s here to see Caspian. 
“Just don’t come. You can call me if something’s up. Other than that, don’t contact me,” came his harsh reply. 
Jessica’s heart sank at his reply. 
He still haven’t fallen for me after all this time. Seems like he’d remain unfazed no matter what I do. 
Are all men the same? Caspian isn’t like him, though. Caspian might seem aloof, but he’s actually a warm and caring man. Larry’s different, for he’s heartless. 
“Will you eat? If you won’t, I’ll throw it away,” Jessica huffed. 
“No.” Larry was adamant. 
How could he? A gleam of frustration appeared in Jessica’s eyes. 
“Larry!” Suddenly, a woman’s voice reached their ears. 
It was Joan. She stopped in her tracks upon seeing the couple and the spread on the table.
Looks like I’ve shown up at a bad time. 
Wait, I’m Larry’s wife. It’s perfectly alright for me to deliver lunch to my husband. I can come anytime I want without needing to inform anyone! 
“Uh, I prepared lunch for you. Do you want to eat while it’s hot?” Joan placed the lunchbox on the table and asked in a low voice. 
An awkward silence ensued. Jessica was glaring at Joan, who was sitting on the couch. 
“He’s not hungry now,” she retorted furiously. 
“Who said I’m not hungry?” Suddenly, Larry spoke. 
Huh? What? He just told me he wasn’t hungry. Is he hungry now that Joan is here? What the heck? 
“Did you prepare it yourself?” Larry looked up at Joan and inquired.
###Chapter 2197
Chapter 2197 
Joan was taken aback. She swiftly regained her composure and nodded. 
“Yes, I prepared it myself.” 
“Mm. Feed me.” Larry suddenly inched nearer to her. 
What’s wrong with him? Why is he acting this way? There’s someone else here. 
“Uh, you should eat it soon. I’ve got other things to attend to, so I’ll take my leave first.” With that, she turned to leave. 
Larry pulled Joan into his arms, and the latter immediately panicked. 
As he had been away for a long time, he suddenly missed the scent unique to Joan. 
“I said, feed me,” he repeated. 
Jessica couldn’t take it anymore. She stood up and left with her lunchbox without looking back. 
The sudden PDA was a torture for her to look at. 
“He didn’t even bother to be polite,” she muttered as she stormed out of Norton Corporation. 
Larry was actually putting up an act as he was fed up with Jessica. 
“Alright, you can go home now. Take the food with you.” The moment Jessica left, Larry returned to his desk and continued working on his computer. 
What is the matter with him today? Wasn’t he alright a moment ago? Why is he suddenly acting so cold?
“I thought you wanted me to feed you?” Joan asked cautiously. 
Larry couldn’t believe she took his joke seriously. Doesn’t she know what she did? She got drunk with Dustin and spent a night with him. She also cooked for Caiden and took care of him attentively. What about me? I work tirelessly in the company, but she didn’t even bother considering my situation. 
I’m her husband! Caiden and Dustin aren’t! Despite that, she’s breaking my heart. 
“I said, I’m not hungry. Take them with you,” he stated firmly. 
Joan knew Larry didn’t like to repeat himself, so she didn’t bother explaining. She wished she could explain the past events to him, but he seemed extremely preoccupied with work. 
“Larry, I want…” She trailed off as Larry’s phone began ringing. 
“What? What happened? Alright, I’ll head there now. Calm down.” Larry answered his phone and left his office promptly. 
He was so busy that they didn’t even get to talk. Joan gazed at his retreating figure in disappointment. 
When will he have time for me? 
The food left on the desk was now cold and unappetizing. Those were Larry favourite dishes. Joan packed up and left his office. 
“Hey, isn’t that Mrs. Norton?” 
“Yes. I haven’t seen her in a while.” 
“Didn’t you hear how she cooked for another man? She also took care of him…”
“Seriously? That’s surprising. Where did you hear this from?” 
“You don’t know about this? She has more than one lover. I heard she also spent a night with another man drinking in a hotel room.” 
A few employees were gossiping about her loudly. 
Joan heard their chatter, but she couldn’t be bothered to refute their words. Does Larry think the same? Did he believe the rumors, too? 
She shook her head, trying to shake off that thought. He won’t doubt me, right? After all, we’ve been together for years. He should trust me. On the brink of tears, Joan sniffled and tried to hold her grief back. 
“What’s wrong? Did he clear everything? I knew he’d finish everything if you head there yourself,” Delilah patted her shoulder and announced. 
Alas, her guess was wrong. If only she was right. 
“Joan, what happened? Why is there so much food left? Did Larry even eat your food?” Delilah’s eyes widened in surprise.
###Chapter 2198
Chapter 2198 
Previously, when Larry had no time to eat, Joan’s arrival would cheer him up. He would spend some time eating no matter what. This time around, the dishes remained untouched. It was obvious that he was mad. 
Something had come between them. Still, there was no one to blame as they both were responsible to keep their relationship going. Perhaps it was because Larry was too busy recently, or perhaps Dustin and Caiden’s interference was the cause. But there was no denying that Larry was furious. 
“It’s fine. You can explain to him later. He’s not that petty. He’ll forgive you after you explain everything. Don’t worry,” Delilah assured Joan. 
Really? Is it that easy? Joan was afraid that Larry wouldn’t even give her a chance to explain herself. 
“Ms. Young, am I a bad person?” she blurted out suddenly, confusion clear in her gaze. 
“What are you talking about? You’re kind enough to take care of Caiden and caused a misunderstanding. Don’t worry. Larry’s a generous gentleman. He will understand your intention.” 
Yet, Joan didn’t share her sentiments. Larry was a possessive man. He wouldn’t allow other men to lay a finger on his wife. His wife could only serve him alone. He might be someone with a machismo mentality, or perhaps he simply loved Joan too much. Anyway, that was what he told Joan back then. 
“Oh, what happened? Did your husband dump you?” Just then, a familiar voice mocked. 
Joan knew who this despicable voice belonged to. 
“Ms. Young, I’m tired. I’ll return to my room now.” She turned to walk into her room.
“Hey, don’t leave. What’s wrong? Did I hit your nerve?” Noelle mocked. “It’s too late to regret now. You ignored your handsome and capable husband and insisted on getting close to another young man. Ha! Look at how pitiful and miserable you are now.” 
What is she saying? How dare she spout nonsense here? 
“Leave. You’re not welcomed here,” announced Delilah as she made to close the door. 
“Wait, Ms. Young. I’m here to retrieve the plants. Your garden is locked. So I’m here to get the keys from you,” Noelle answered. 
Huh? When did I partner up with her? What plants? Nonsense! 
“I don’t remember partnering up with you. Scram!” 
“Ms. Young, you didn’t partner up with me personally, but you signed a contract with my company.” 
Delilah realized she had indeed signed a ten-year contract with a company in the city, which required her to provide plants to them every year. Only five years had passed since they signed the contract. 
“Are you the company’s representative?” Delilah scrutinized her doubtfully. 
Noelle nodded arrogantly. “Yes, I’m here to retrieve the plants on behalf of my company. Are you free to help Ms. Young to carry the plants, Ms. Watts?” 
You want to stay away from me, right? Dream on! I’m going to make you work and insult you harshly! 
“No need. I can do that myself. Joan, didn’t you say you were feeling unwell? Go on and take a rest in your room.” Delilah spun on her heels to go to the garden. 
Joan hurriedly flashed a smile. “It’s fine, Ms. Young. I can be of help.”
Ha! She’s going to the garden! Noelle’s lips curved into a pleased smirk. 
“Don’t worry. I’m alright.” Joan assured Delilah with a pat on her shoulder. 
In the garden, everyone was busy while Noelle stood aside, glowering at Joan menacingly. 
“Hurry up! Our company needs this as soon as possible. When will you finish if you move this slow?” Noelle reprimanded.
###Chapter 2199
Chapter 2199 
If it’s that urgent, why aren’t you helping us? Displeasure flashed across Delilah’s face. 
“Joan, how do you feel? You can take a break if you’re tired,” Delilah whispered, her concern for Joan evident. 
There was no way Joan would leave Delilah working alone here. 
“Don’t worry, Ms. Young. I’m fine,” she murmured. 
She was actually feeling unwell, but she forced herself to keep going. 
Seeing how pale Joan was, Noelle grew increasingly excited. 
“Here, take this. Don’t touch the other pots.” Delilah took Joan to an area full of small plants. 
Joan took two pots and strode toward the exit. Before she could place the pots in the vehicle, however, Noelle stretched her leg out deliberately. 
“Ah!” 
Smash! 
Joan tripped over and the pots fell to the ground before crashing into pieces. 
“Joan!” Delilah yelled and dashed over to her. 
“Oh my, why are you so careless?” Noelle chuckled sarcastically. 
“How dare you? You were the one who did this to her!” Delilah retorted angrily.
Damn you, old woman. How dare you yell at me? Do you have a death wish? A cruel glint flickered in Noelle’s eyes. 
“Come, stand up. Are you alright? Let me take a look.” 
“I’m fine. I can get back to work,” Joan returned softly as she patted the dust off her. 
The truth, however, was far from it, for it must’ve hurt a lot when she had toppled to the ground. 
“Stop working. Go back home and prepare dinner. Larry and Lucius will be home soon,” Delilah shooed her out. 
“Hey, that won’t do. We’re in a hurry here. She needs to continue working,” retorted Noelle. 
I want to see that b*tch hurt herself and suffer! Serves her right for seducing other men. 
“If it’s so urgent, you should help us then. Otherwise, shut the f*ck up.” Delilah couldn’t be bothered being nice anymore. She turned to Joan and shoved her out. “Alright, it’s going to get dark soon. Lucius will be coming home in a while.” 
“Hey, Ms. Young. You can’t do this. Our company is more important!” Noelle yelled behind them. 
“Ms. Young, I should stay and help. Noelle might make things difficult for you,” mumbled Joan in concern. 
“It’s fine. I’m older than her, so there’s nothing to be afraid of. Don’t worry,” Delilah assured her. “Besides, I can complain about her and cause her to lose her job easily, but I didn’t want to go that far. Come, let’s go.” 
Joan accepted Delilah’s explanation and went home. She believed that the elder woman was capable enough of doing what she wanted.
“Ms. Young, this is too much. I’m waiting for you to load all the pots. Why did you let her leave?” Noelle complained. 
Delilah sneered inwardly. Does she think no one knows what she’s trying to do? Ha! 
“I work alone. If it’s urgent, call your superior to send someone over to help,” she answered coolly. 
Noelle was livid. 
Is she crazy? How can she say that? Does she want to lose this job? 
“Ms. Young, I have full respect for you, but you’ve gone overboard today,” she retorted rudely. 
Indeed, Delilah had acted out of line, but it was because of what Noelle had done. After all, Noelle had childishly tried to make things difficult for someone else using work as an excuse. Delilah wondered why a person like her was hired in the first place.
###Chapter 2200
Chapter 2200 
“So, what do you want? Terminate the contract? If that’s what you want, I’m fine with that. I’m better off resting at home. Also, you’re not qualified to discuss these matters with me.” 
Immediately, Noelle felt a stab of anger. 
Delilah was right, for she actually had to file a request to come here. Clearly, Delilah knew her company well. 
“Ms. Young, what are you talking about? You’re asking me what do I want? Well, I want to help you load the pots into my car, of course. Anyways, it’s getting late, huh? So let’s finish up quickly.” Noelle forced a smile. 
“Oh, it is getting dark. I’ll continue moving the pots, then.” Delilah turned and sauntered away. 
She knew that she was justified. As such, she had no reason to fear Noelle. Delilah snickered before shaking her head. She then exhaled out loud. 
Young girls nowadays are too childish. They want to show themselves off even though they are incapable of doing anything, she lamented silently. 
When Delilah finally arrived home, Joan came to welcome her. “Ms. Young, did she deliberately make things difficult for you?” 
She knew Noelle was here to cause trouble for her, so she didn’t want to drag Delilah into the mess. 
“Don’t worry, I’m fine, albeit a little tired. I’m going to go take a short nap.” After saying that, Delilah collapsed onto the couch.
She seemed utterly drained. Joan lowered her gaze worriedly. 
“Her name’s Noelle Ford, right? She’s a troublemaker, that one. Be careful of her.” 
Hearing her advice, Joan nodded before returning to the kitchen. 
She had experienced Noelle’s actions firsthand. She felt like she was caught in an awkward position, for the woman kept misunderstanding her and Caiden. 
“Got it,” she uttered softly. 
“Mom!” Lucius’ voice rang out clearly. 
“Grandma, are you okay?” Lucius came to Delilah and touched her forehead carefully. 
“I’m fine. I just need to take a quick nap.” 
“Oh, I see. Mom, why don’t you cook Grandma’s favorite dishes tonight so she can recover?” 
Good boy. Slowly, Delilah’s eyes fluttered shut. 
“Grandma, dinner’s ready!” Lucius hollered at the top of his lungs. 
However, the woman on the couch didn’t move an inch. 
“Grandma?” The boy went to the couch and tapped on her shoulder, but Delilah didn’t respond. 
Fear crept into Lucius’ heart instantly, and he ran to get Joan. 
“Mom, why isn’t Grandma responding to my calls?” His voice was trembling. 
Huh? Is she too tired? Joan put her fork down and rushed over to the sofa.
“Ms. Young, dinner is ready. You can go back to sleep after dinner, alright?” Joan raised her voice. 
“Mom, I think something’s wrong with her,” Lucius remarked. 
Joan had the same thought. After all, Delilah had never acted this way before. Even when she felt unwell, she would inform everyone beforehand that she would skip dinner. Hence, this was really strange. 
Before long, they could see the color draining out of Delilah’s face. 
We need to bring her to the hospital at once! Joan whipped her phone out to call someone. 
Alas, that someone didn’t pick up. Dejected, she glanced at her phone that was showing Larry’s number on the screen. 
Why is he always unavailable when I need him? 
Forget it. I’ll call Dustin. 
“Alright, got it. Calm down, Joan. I’m at the supermarket, so I’ll be there in a minute.” Dustin hung up, grabbed his jacket, and ran out of the supermarket. 
“Mr. Silverman! We aren’t done yet. Where are you going?” 
“That’s right, we haven’t checked the expenditures yet!” 
“Just leave it until I come back!” Dustin yelled without looking back.

###Chapter 2201
Chapter 2201 
Lately, Dustin was so busy in the supermarket that he didn’t even have time to go home. 
“What’s wrong? Why did Ms. Young faint?” he questioned upon arrival. 
Joan replied meekly, “We have no idea. She told us she wanted to take a nap, but she’s not waking up. I was afraid, so I called you.” 
“Don’t be afraid. I’m sure Ms. Young’s fine. Let’s send her to the hospital now.” With that, Dustin carried Delilah and dashed toward his car. 
The sky was pitch black by now and the moon and stars were nowhere to be seen. It was a slightly horrifying sight. 
“Mom, Mr. Dustin, will Grandma be alright?” Lucius was sniffling in the car. 
“Lucius, don’t cry. Your grandma will be fine,” Dustin hurriedly consoled him. 
Joan remained silent, her gaze fixed on Delilah. She was really scared that something might happen to the elder woman. 
“What did Ms. Young do today?” inquired Dustin suddenly. 
Joan recalled how Delilah loaded the pots into the car, but this was part of her daily workload. 
“Noelle came by today on behalf of her company to retrieve their plants,” she replied coolly. 
I can’t believe that woman came all the way to our remote village. She’s so persistent. 
Forget it. This isn’t the right time to talk about her in front of Lucius lest he gets the wrong idea.
Shortly after, the car came to a stop at the hospital. 
“Doctor, how is she?” Joan gripped the doctor’s arms nervously as tears welled up in her eyes. 
“Has Ms. Young been operated on recently?” the doctor queried. 
“Yes. What about that? Is something wrong with her? What should we do?” Joan panicked instantly. “Doctor, you must save her. It doesn’t matter how much it costs. I’ll pay for everything.” 
“Please calm down, Miss. Her condition isn’t that serious. Thing is, she should be resting after her surgery. Apart from that, don’t let her worry too much. You know how elderly people like her tend to worry a lot. So perhaps you can bring her out for a stroll every day.” 
So that’s what he meant! Joan breathed a sigh of relief. 
I thought Ms. Young’s in serious trouble! 
The three of them could finally relaxed after confirming Delilah was fine. 
“Lucius, you should go home. After all, you still have to go to school tomorrow. I will stay here with Ms. Young. Dustin will give you a ride home, alright?” Joan bent down and caressed Lucius’ cheeks lightly. 
Lucius gazed at Delilah longingly. He was afraid that something might happen to her. 
“Mom, is Grandma really alright?” 
“She’s fine. Don’t worry. Didn’t you hear the doctor just now? She’s just tired and needs more rest.” Joan pressed a comforting kiss on his forehead and told him not to worry. 
They chatted for a long time before Lucius agreed to let Dustin send him back home.
In the vehicle, Lucius suddenly inquired, “Mr. Dustin, Mom didn’t lie to me, did she?” 
Lucius was a thoughtful child. His question showed that he was far more mature than his peers. 
“Your mom won’t lie to you, Lucius. Don’t worry. Ms. Young had exerted herself, that’s all,” he answered. 
Meanwhile, Larry had just returned home only to be greeted with silence. No one was in. 
Where is everyone? No one’s at home. Are they in the garden? He took his phone along as he made his way to the garden. 
The garden was dark and eerily quiet. 
What’s happening? Why is Lucius missing, too? He needs to go to school tomorrow. Suspicion flashed across Larry’s eyes. 
“Thank you, Mr. Dustin!” Lucius’ voice rang out from the gate.
###Chapter 2202
Chapter 2202 
“It’ll be fine, Lucius. She just needs some rest. Don’t worry.” Dustin ruffled the boy’s hair affectionately. 
“Okay, Mr. Dustin, I trust you.” Lucius flashed a grin in response. 
Larry had witnessed the entire exchange. 
Why did he send Lucius home? Where is Joan and Ms. Young? He hurried toward the gate. 
Soon, the car drove away as Lucius walked into the yard. Larry stared at the car before walking into the yard. 
“Lucius!” 
“Dad, you’re finally back!” The boy threw himself into Larry’s arms. 
“What’s wrong? Did you cry? Your eyes are swollen. Did someone bully you?” Larry asked, the concern in his voice evident. He reached out to pinch the boy’s cheeks. 
“Dad, you have no idea how scared I was. Grandma fell asleep on the couch and we couldn’t wake her up. Mom was scared, so she called Mr. Dustin…” The boy proceeded to explain everything to him. 
“What happened then? How is she now? Is she alright?” Larry immediately picked him up. 
“She’s fine, Dad. That’s why Mr. Dustin gave me a ride home.” 
I can’t believe she called Dustin instead of me. Disappointment engulfed Larry’s heart. 
He thought Joan would turn to him for help, but clearly, he was no longer her first choice. 
“Dad, what’s wrong? Do you feel unwell? You look pale,” came Lucius’ concerned voice.
“It’s nothing. Lucius, it’s time for you to go to bed. You have school tomorrow, remember?” Larry ruffled his hair and reminded him. 
He decided to take care of Lucius that night and visit Delilah the next morning. 
“Alright. Good night, Dad!” Lucius ran into his bedroom obediently. 
When Larry took his phone out, he realized that Joan had called him earlier. 
Could it be that I missed her call? Ah, I must have been too busy at work to hear my phone vibrate. 
The next morning, warm sunshine filled the house. Lucius rolled over and struggled to get up. 
“Dad, I’m ready. Don’t forget to visit Grandma today,” Lucius took Larry’s hand and reminded him. 
“Got it, don’t worry. Remember to sleep early tonight.” Larry bent down and patted Lucius’ head. 
Arriving at the hospital, the place was crowded as usual. 
“Mr. Norton, you’re here!” A doctor hurried over to greet him. “Are you here to visit Ms. Young?” 
“Yes. Which ward is she in now?” asked Larry. 
When he walked into the ward, Delilah was lying in bed with her eyes closed. She was hooked on an IV drip, and Joan was dozing on the side of the bed with Dustin’s jacket covering her body. As for Dustin, he was snoring lightly on the couch. 
The very scene stung Larry’s eyes. As expected, Dustin came back here. He was worried about Joan. 
Probably hearing the footsteps, Joan woke up. She stretched lazily and opened her eyes slowly. 
“Huh? You’re here,” Joan rose to her feet hastily.
She nearly toppled onto the ground in her haste. Luckily, Larry held her and smoothed her fringe gently. 
“When did you arrive? Have you eaten? I’ll buy some breakfast for you.” Joan made to leave the room. 
“Don’t go anywhere. Rest right here. I’ll go,” said Larry as he patted Joan’s shoulder. 
Meanwhile, Dustin had been awake for some time, but he refused to look at the couple acting lovey- dovey. As such, he kept his eyes shut and pretended to be asleep.
###Chapter 2203
Chapter 2203 
“Mm-mm.” 
“Ms. Young! You’re up. Are you feeling better? Does it hurt anywhere?” Joan clutched Delilah’s hand in concern. 
After Delilah saved her life, they had lived together for a long time. Hence, she thought of Delilah as family and couldn’t bear to part with her. 
“Look at you. Why are you so worried? I’m fine, aren’t I? I was just too tired and wanted to sleep longer. Why did you send me to the hospital? Don’t do that again, you hear? I was only sleeping, mind you,” Delilah pinched her cheeks and chided. 
Seeing how Delilah had regained her energy, Joan couldn’t conceal her delight. She didn’t mind being rebuked by Delilah as long as the latter was healthy. 
“Ms. Young, you have no idea what a scare you gave us last night,” Dustin strode over and declared. 
Oh, so he’s the one who sent me here. I thought it was Larry. Delilah sighed in disappointment as something flickered in her gaze. 
No matter how busy he is, he should at least take Joan’s feelings into account. She reckoned that Joan must’ve called Dustin after failing to contact Larry. 
After all, she knew Joan too well. Larry was the top priority in the latter’s life. 
“Hey, I’m starving. Why don’t you head out to buy some food?” Delilah turned to Dustin and suggested. 
“Oh, sure. Wait a minute, didn’t Larry go earlier?” Dustin returned.
“I don’t like his preference. He’s going to buy some oily stuff again. I want to eat a simple sandwich,” Delilah replied on purpose. 
Joan immediately understood that Delilah was trying to send Dustin away to talk to her in private. 
“Dustin, since Ms. Young wants to eat some sandwiches, please help and buy a few. Also, help me get some coffee,” she told Dustin. 
“Alright, got it.” Dustin stood up and hurried out of the ward. 
He would always dash to carry out Joan’s requests. 
Now that only Joan and Delilah were left in the ward, they gazed at each other silently, as if they were trying to guess each other’s thoughts. 
“Why was it Dustin instead of Larry?” Finally, the woman in bed spoke. 
“I tried calling Larry last night, but he didn’t pick up. You were pale and didn’t answer to our calls, so I got scared and called Dustin instead,” revealed Joan. 
Hmm, I must’ve been too exhausted last night. 
“Don’t worry. I just needed some rest. Look, I’m fine now.” Delilah waved her arms. 
Joan knew Delilah was forcing a smile to placate her. 
“Ms. Young, you’re up.” Just then, Larry strode into the ward. “Here, I’ve bought some breakfast. I didn’t know what you want, so I bought a little of everything.” He handed the food he bought to them. 
Larry had bought a spread of everything available.
“Mr. Norton, you must be terribly busy. Do you really have time to visit me? I thought you’re going to sleep in your company every day?” chided Delilah. 
Larry knew that her words were spoken for Joan’s sake. But he had no choice as he needed to handle everything himself. Otherwise, a slight mistake might affect his company’s reputation. 
“Of course not, Ms. Young. I’m just a little busy lately,” Larry tried explaining. 
“Yeah, you’re so busy to the point where you don’t even have time to answer your phone,” came Delilah’s reply.
###Chapter 2204
Chapter 2204 
“Well, in the end, someone else came to help anyway,” Larry retorted. 
He was clearly upset. Even Joan was rendered confused by his sudden retort. 
“Ms. Young, here’s your sandwich…” Dustin walked into the ward and came to a stop when he spotted Larry. 
“Look, someone else bought food, too,” Larry said sarcastically. 
An awkward silence ensued. Even the nurses who walked past the ward couldn’t help but gave them curious stares. 
“What is going on? They are acting strangely. Who is that woman married to?” 
“Hey, stop gossiping. It’s none of our business. Come on, let’s go.” 
With that, they hurriedly scurried away. 
“Joan, can I get discharged from the hospital now?” Delilah’s sudden question broke the silence. 
“Huh? No, Ms. Young. You should stay here for the time being. I’m worried that your body is still too weak,” said Joan softly. 
Nonetheless, Delilah thought it was better to go home. After all, things were awkward here. 
“I’m fine. Just tell the doctor that I’ll leave this afternoon,” Delilah stated firmly. 
Knowing that no one would be able to change Delilah’s mind once she had made her decision, Joan left the ward reluctantly to inform the doctor.
“Hey, what’s wrong with you both?” Delilah inquired the moment Joan left the room. 
Larry strode to stand in front of the window gloomily. 
He wasn’t in the wrong, so there was no need for him to feel guilty or repent. 
Dustin knew what Delilah meant, but he also felt he did nothing wrong. He drank with Joan as she was in a foul mood, and they spent a night in a hotel after both of them got drunk. They were innocent, so there was no need for him to apologize to anyone. 
“Ms. Young, don’t worry about us. Just take care of yourself,” Dustin assured her. 
If they aren’t happy, how could I be happy? Delilah shook her head and exhaled sharply. 
Young people nowadays tend to complicate things, especially their relationships. I’m too old to give them advice. 
“Why do you people like to torture yourself and others? I don’t get it,” she reprimanded. 
Indeed, they liked to torture each other as though life would be stale without any torture. But as a matter of fact, life would be stale if there was no love, and love was the most torturous thing on earth. 
Many people remained faithful to their loved ones no matter how many obstacles they went through. Some people would give up halfway, while others would wait patiently for the perfect timing. One good example was Dustin. 
Love wasn’t a need. Only those in love would understand. Perhaps only they would understand the sorrow and happiness that could be found in love. Even though it might hurt, they would still enjoy it. 
“Ms. Young, you should stop working in the garden. I’ll hire a few men to tend to your garden,” offered Larry.
Delilah immediately refused his offer. “No, that won’t do. That’s my garden, and no outsiders are allowed inside.” 
The elder lady preferred to do everything herself, but her health would be affected in the long term. 
“Ms. Young, I think that’s a good idea. You can supervise them every day,” Dustin chimed in. 
Interesting. Is he speaking up for me? Larry gazed at Dustin curiously. 
Dustin didn’t want to agree with Larry, but he was worried about Delilah’s health.
###Chapter 2205
Chapter 2205 
Delilah hesitated momentarily before agreeing to Larry’s suggestion. 
Joan came in right then. “Ms. Young, the doctor said you can leave at any time, but you can’t exert yourself anymore.” 
“I know my health condition. You’re just being too paranoid.” Delilah chuckled. 
There was no way Joan would not worry. After all, Delilah had been operated on, and she was no longer young. Not to mention, she still had to tend to her garden and refused to stop working. I need to persuade her to rest, Joan decided. 
After that, both Larry and Joan felt a growing sense of awkwardness. They realized they didn’t speak much to each other. 
“Ms. Young, I need to return to my company.” With a nod, Larry excused himself. 
“Hey, will you come home tonight?” Delilah queried. 
Larry replied, “I’m not sure. It depends.” 
“I’ll ask Joan to deliver lunch to you, alright?” 
“No need, I’m not hungry. And I’ll be busy during dinner, too.” He stalked out right after saying that. 
“Hey, Um, I think I should still prepare lunch for you. You didn’t eat anything this morning, right?” asked Joan carefully after following him out the ward. 
She remember that? Then why did she forget to explain what happened previously? Larry snorted.
All I want is her explanation, but she refused to say anything. 
“No need. I’m not hungry.” After saying that, Larry left without a backward glance. 
Why is he acting so cruel and snobby? I’m prepared to give him an explanation, but he keeps tormenting me. 
Forget it. I’ll explain to him later. 
“What’s wrong? Have you explained things to him? Do you need my help?” Dustin walked out of the ward and asked. 
“Huh? It’s fine. I can explain to him myself,” Joan replied. 
If Dustin came between her and Larry, things would get really complicated. 
“Alright. I’ll head back to the supermarket now. I’ll be back this afternoon to pick you guys up.” 
With that, only Joan and Delilah were left in the ward. They were engrossed in their own thoughts as sadness flitted across their faces. 
Suddenly, Delilah blurted out. “Joan, why did you choose to torture yourself?” 
Huh? That’s a weird question. Joan looked up, utterly perplexed. 
“If I were you, I would have cut ties with other men who obviously harbored feelings for me. You don’t want this to end up in a mess, do you?” Delilah reminded her. 
She’s right. But Larry’s doing the same thing. He’s also involved with that Jessica Zimmer. I mean, there’s no way there’s absolutely nothing between them, right?
“Hurry, call Larry now. Are you seriously gonna waste time not talking to each other?” Delilah grew increasingly irritated. 
Why would I call him? He should call me, right? Joan was reluctant. 
I know I was wrong to drink with Dustin. I didn’t explain to him in time, but he did the same! Did he explain his relationship with Jessica? No! 
“No, I won’t. I’m tired. I’m going to take a nap.” Joan stalked away. 
My, my, why is she so stubborn? Larry’s handsome and accomplished. Isn’t she afraid other women would take him away from her? 
“What’s wrong with you? It won’t hurt to call him,” Delilah tried convincing Joan. 
Alas, Joan refused to give in. She thought that Larry shouldn’t be so petty, being a man and all. At the thought of Larry and Jessica, fury rose in her heart. 
She had seen Jessica in Larry’s office more than once. The woman would always bring along snacks or breakfast for him. Those who didn’t know that Larry’s wife was Joan would think that Jessica was his wife instead.
###Chapter 2206
Chapter 2206 
“What’s wrong? Did something happened?” Delilah asked. 
Many things had happened, but Joan didn’t feel like telling Delilah. 
“It’s fine, Ms. Young. We’ll be fine after some time,” Joan assured her. 
However, Delilah thought otherwise. She knew that someone else might grab the chance to break Larry and Joan up while they were giving each other the cold shoulder. 
Even though Larry was trustworthy, he was still a man. 
Delilah wasn’t worried about Joan, for Joan only had her eyes set on Larry. She might’ve spent too much time with Dustin and Caiden, but they were just friends. 
“Aren’t you afraid someone else might take him away from you?” demanded Delilah. 
Huh? Why would I be afraid of that? Joan chuckled in response. 
Larry loves me. He’s not some playboy. 
“Joan, human beings are complicated. You two might have gone through a lot and created beautiful memories together, but none of you can be certain you won’t fall out of love with each other.” 
She added, “Keep watch on Larry. Of course, I don’t mean you need to monitor him 24/7, but you didn’t even interact with him earlier. Isn’t this too much?” Concern tinged Delilah’s voice. 
They were both furious earlier, so Joan decided to wait till she calmed down.
“Ms. Young, you shouldn’t worry too much. Right now, you need to take care of your health. Larry and I will reconcile after his company is back on the right track.” Joan patted Delilah’s shoulder in consolation. 
Fine. They should settle it themselves. Delilah sighed and walked out of the room. 
Joan was certain she would spend the rest of her life with Larry. 
Still, perhaps things might take an unexpected twist one day. 
Meanwhile, Caspian was talking to Larry in his office. “Larry, it’s getting late. You should go home. It has been a while since you spend time with Joan.” 
“I have work to do. So I won’t be going home tonight,” came Larry’s calm reply. 
He’s not going home again? Why is he so diligent? He should balance his life and work. Besides, Joan might complain if this keeps happening. 
“Uh, I think these aren’t urgent. You can continue working tomorrow. Why don’t you go home for today?” Caspian suggested carefully. 
“Get straight to the point. Don’t beat around the bush,” said Larry without even looking up. 
Hearing that, Caspian parted his lips to say, “Well, I think you haven’t really talked to Joan in a while. We’ve solved the manufacturing company’s problem, so we can relax for now before you start on another project…” 
Why is he being such a nag? Larry frowned. Joan didn’t say anything. So why is he trying to persuade me to get off work?
Sometimes, Larry wondered why Caspian, being a man, would act like how a woman was acting— being detail-oriented. 
“I mean, am I right? Joan sacrificed a lot to marry you,” Caspian waffled on. 
Larry felt like stopping him but thought the better of it. 
Forget it. I’ll just let him vent his frustrations out. 
“Larry? Hey, are you listening?” Caspian came closer to Larry.
###Chapter 2207
Chapter 2207 
“Yes, I’m listening,” replied Larry slowly. 
He had been listening without registering the words. 
“Alright. I’ll go on, then.” 
Right then, Jessica stepped into the office and interjected, “Stop babbling nonsense. Men should focus on their careers before their families. Larry can get another wife, no problem. He can take his pick out of many girls out there, including me.” 
Ugh, another annoying person! Larry took a deep breath and carried on with his work. 
“Hey, Ms. Zimmer. It’s late. Why are you here?” Caspian spun on his heels and greeted her. 
“Oh, I’m here to have dinner with Mr. Norton and talk about our collaboration,” was her reply. 
Seriously? Back then, when Norton Corporation wanted to partner up with them, their representative refused to show up. Why is she here to discuss a partnership all of a sudden? 
Is this another trap? Larry studied her warily. 
“Ms. Zimmer, it’s getting late, so we should talk about this tomorrow,” he responded cautiously. 
Jessica glanced at him and stalked over arrogantly. 
She insisted on discussing with him that night, no matter if he liked it or not. 
“Why? Are you refusing to work with us?” she retorted. 
Larry was firm. “I have something on at home.”
There was no way he would stay to discuss a partnership with her as he had already found a suitable manufacturing company. Thus, there was no need to keep in touch with the Zimmer family. 
Larry gave them plenty of time to consider, but they didn’t even bother to give him a reply. Now, even if they were reaching out to him, he couldn’t be bothered to give a d*mn. 
“Are you rejecting local manufacturers now that your business is expanding?” Jessica sneered. 
Larry scoffed. 
What a joke. Her family was the one who betrayed me in the first place! 
“Yep, you’re right. I don’t like working with someone who had betrayed me,” Larry mocked. 
His answer was crystal clear. 
“Are you upset, Mr. Norton? You might’ve partnered up with the biggest manufacturer abroad, but you can’t be certain they will continue collaborating with you, can you? Isn’t it better to have a local backup manufacturer?” Jessica offered. 
Caspian nodded in agreement, but Larry was unconvinced. Even if the foreign manufacturer terminated their contract, he still wouldn’t partner up with the Zimmer family. 
Once he made a decision, he would go ahead no matter what the result would be. Besides, Norton Corporation was capable enough of finding another partner. 
“I need to go. You guys can talk.” Larry turned to leave. 
He had to admit that Caspian and Jessica seemed like a great match, so he decided to let them spend some time together.
At first, Jessica might reject Caspian, but as long as he held on, she would eventually cave in and agree to be his girlfriend. 
After all, women were emotional, including those who worked in the corporate world. Jessica, especially, was someone who lacked security. 
Strangely, Jessica’s father had been out of reach for some time. Larry shook his head and strode out. 
As Caspian and Jessica were left alone in the office, the air turned awkward in an instant. 
“Why don’t I treat you to dinner instead?” Caspian suggested. 
At the moment, Jessica was shaking with rage as Larry had rejected her invitation right in front of Caspian. 
That was humiliating!
###Chapter 2208
Chapter 2208 
“Come on, let’s drink together.” Jessica stormed out on her platform heels. 
The nightclub they went to was crowded. Everyone seemed excited to be there. The crowd came here for the same purpose—to vent their stress from work. 
It was normal to feel stressed out living in this fast-paced city. One might even suffer from depression, so people chose to relax in the nightclub after work. Jessica often frequented places like this when she was upset to divert her attention. 
“Ms. Zimmer, maybe we should leave,” yelled Caspian over the uproar. “It’s already so late.” 
Why is he being so fussy? I’m having fun here, but he’s annoying the hell out of me. Jessica shot him a look full of disdain. 
He can leave by himself. I’m here to relax. 
“Ms. Zimmer, the music is too loud here. Why don’t we go somewhere else?” Caspian continued, concern evident in his voice. 
However, this was her favorite nightclub, so Jessica refused to budge. What a country bumpkin. 
Caspian used to frequent nightclubs previously. But after he got married to Nancy, he stopped coming to these places even after they were divorced. 
Countless sexy ladies were dancing to the loud music while the men stared lecherously. 
Caspian was worried that something would happen to Jessica here. 
After all, she was too gorgeous to go unnoticed.
Meanwhile, Jessica had settled down in a corner as she swayed along to the music while sipping on her drink. She was careful enough to pick a seat in the corner. 
“Hey, Ms. Zimmer. Let’s go. It’s too chaotic here,” reminded Caspian. 
Ugh, how annoying. He can leave if he wants! Why is he talking nonstop? 
“Enough. You can leave now,” Jessica declared. 
Huh? She isn’t going to leave? 
“What about you?” 
“I’m going to drink here. Caspian, from now on, don’t talk to me. I’m in a foul mood!” Jessica announced and finished a glass of liquor in one gulp. 
Did she seriously just down a whole glass of liquor? 
Caspian immediately zipped his mouth shut. After studying the noisy crowd, he calmed down and decided to stay with Jessica here. 
“Do you want to have a drink?” Jessica inquired, her gaze glassy. 
“No, thanks. I’m going to drive you home later,” came Caspian’s calm reply. 
Oh? What a responsible man. Jessica scoffed silently. Such a pity that he isn’t my type. 
“I need to use the washroom.” Caspian stood up and left. 
Not far away, a young man with blond hair asked his friend, “Hey, what do you think of that girl sitting in the corner?”
“Mm, not bad. Let’s go.” 
Two plump men took their glasses and headed toward Jessica. 
“Hey, Miss. Are you here alone?” The older man sat beside Jessica and placed his arm over her shoulder. 
“Who are you?” Jessica squinted her eyes and asked. 
She was slightly tipsy now. 
“I’m your friend, here to accompany you,” replied the man. 
“Scram! I only want Larry!” she screeched before shoving the man away. 
“Hey, open your eyes and look carefully. I am Larry!”
###Chapter 2209
Chapter 2209 
Hmm? Is Larry here? Jessica tried to open her eyes to see who it was, but she was too weak to do so. 
“Hey, Jessica, where are you going?” Right then, Caspian showed up and inquired nonchalantly. 
The other two men scanned him curiously. 
“Who are you? And what does she have to do with you?” they quipped rudely. 
Who are they? Does Jessica know them? 
“I’m her friend. Who are you?” Caspian retorted icily. 
Clearly, the men were after Jessica. It was a normal occurrence in a rowdy place like this. 
“Sorry, we’re also her friends. Let’s go.” The men reached out to drag her away. 
Really? I don’t think so. 
“Jessica, wake up!” Caspian shook her arm forcefully. 
“Hmm?” Her eyes fluttered open. “What’s wrong?” 
“Do you recognize these men?” 
If they were indeed her friends, he couldn’t beat them up. But if they were lying, he would make sure they pay the price. 
“What? I don’t know them. Where’s Larry? He was here a while ago,” Jessica mumbled.
Caspian parted his lips in disbelief. Is she crazy? There’s no way Larry’s here. After all, he said he would be going home earlier. 
“Right. She doesn’t know you, so hands-off,” he announced. 
He despised men who tried to take advantage of women. They might be acting on instinct, but it was still unacceptable for them to harm women. 
“A piece of advice—stay out of this. She belongs to us tonight. If you want her, I can send her to your place tomorrow morning,” the man joked as his lips curved up into a smirk. 
Scoundrels! Rage boiled in Caspian as he clenched his fists tightly. 
These two despicable idiots are nothing but disgrace to all us other men. 
“Hey, you’re not Larry. Get your hands off me!” Jessica tried to pry the man’s hands off her. 
Seeing that she was regaining her senses, Caspian’s gaze softened. 
Why is she drinking so much? It’s not like she can’t live without a man, right? 
“Miss, we came to an agreement earlier. How could you go back on your word? We’ve been waiting for you patiently!” the man told her, his hot breath landing on her face. 
“Who the f*ck agreed to go with you? I only agreed because you said you’re Larry. Obviously, you’re not Larry. So why the hell would I go with you?” Jessica burped and rebuked harshly. 
B*tch! I guess we’re doing this the hard way, huh? The man was used to girls chasing after him, so he couldn’t believe that Jessica was rejecting his advances. 
“No, you need to leave with me tonight!” he insisted menacingly.
Jessica was still struggling to free herself. “Let me go!” 
Without hesitation, the men dragged her out of the nightclub. 
“Hey! Stop right there!” Caspian dashed after them. 
“What? You wanna fight?” 
“Let her go, and I’ll pretend nothing happened,” Caspian declared arrogantly. 
The men immediately burst out laughing. There was no way they would let her go. 
“I’m sorry, friend, but she’s ours.” After saying that, they pounced on Caspian together. 
As for Jessica, she was left slumped on the ground. Her eyes were shut as though she was asleep. 
Caspian could easily take the two men down, for he was skilled. Yet, he had no idea help was about to come their way.
###Chapter 2210
Chapter 2210 
“Boss!” Suddenly, a man on a bike came to a stop ahead of them. 
“Help is here!” 
At that, over a dozen men with brandishing clubs were marching over to Caspian. 
What the heck? Are they ganging up on me? 
“Nice. Hurry up and teach him a lesson!” the man pointed at Caspian and announced. 
The group of men promptly rushed over and attacked Caspian at once. 
In the end, Caspian was defeated. 
He collapsed on the ground in a pool of his own blood with wounds all over his body. 
“Boss, how should we deal with him?” 
“He should thank his lucky stars that he’s still alive. Let’s go.” 
They kicked him several times before stalking away. 
On the ground, Caspian mumbled weakly, “Jessica…” 
Currently, Jessica was sleeping peacefully behind the garbage bins. Luckily for her, the men couldn’t find her anywhere. Thus, they left without looking back. 
Looking up, Caspian realized that the sky was painted an inky black. He couldn’t even see the moon or stars anywhere. He whipped out his phone hastily.
“Larry, I’m hurt. Please come pick me up…” Upon hearing his plea, Larry cut the line and dashed out of his room. 
“Hey, it’s late. Where are you going?” Joan was shouting behind him. 
“I need to head out. Don’t wait up for me,” he responded coolly. 
Who the hell dare to hurt my subordinate? 
Thud! He hit his steering wheel as fury flashed across his gaze. 
“Doctor, how is he? Is he badly hurt?” Larry queried worriedly. 
The doctor answered, “Luckily, he works out often. Otherwise, it’ll take him a long time to recover. Look, there are wounds all over his body.” 
Larry glanced at Caspian’s shirt that was stained with blood and felt his heart break at the sight. 
Right then, Caspian moaned. “Ugh…” 
“Where is Jessica? Larry, how is she doing?” he asked the moment he opened his eyes. 
Larry sighed at the obviously love-struck Caspian. 
“I haven’t visited her yet. But don’t worry, she’s fine,” he assured Caspian and patted his shoulder. 
He didn’t even need to visit her to know that she was perfectly alright, for Caspian had taken the beating for her. 
“No, I need to see her for myself.” Caspian struggled to sit up.
“Hey, stop it. Don’t forget that you’re hurt. Stay here, I’ll go look at her now,” Larry responded and stepped out of the ward. 
Feeling irritated, Larry couldn’t help but sigh. Must he only listen to me after I had lost my temper? 
In another ward, Jessica was snoring lightly in bed. 
Will you look at that, she’s sleeping soundly! 
“Mm? Larry? Why are you here?” Jessica opened her eyes slowly. “Wait, where am I? This isn’t home,” she muttered in bewilderment. 
What happened last night? I remember I went to the nightclub. But I don’t remember anything after that. Shit, did I do something horrible in the nightclub? That thought shocked Jessica greatly. This… is the hospital? Did I beat someone up? 
“Larry, what’s going on? Why am I in the hospital?” she hurriedly got off the bed and demanded. 
Seeing that she knew she was in the hospital, Larry reckoned that she was now sober. 
“Don’t you know what you did last night?” he returned impassively. 
He couldn’t hide the contempt in his voice, for Jessica had kicked up a fuss when she was intoxicated last night and even implicated Caspian. 
“I went to the nightclub last night. Oh, where’s Caspian? I remembered he was with me. Did he go back home?” She huffed angrily, “Seriously? He has no sense of loyalty.” 
Hearing her complain, Larry snickered and said nothing. She should look in the mirror. Look at her dark circles and lipstick stain on her cheeks. She must’ve had tons of fun last night. If possible, Larry wished he would never have to see this woman again.
###Chapter 2211
Chapter 2211 
“Hey, what’s wrong? Why are you scowling? Did you hear what I say?” Jessica tugged on Larry’s sleeve and pouted. 
Is she dumb? Can’t she see that I’m upset right now? I can’t believe she’s trying to act cute. Larry loathed those who tried to fawn when he was upset. Joan knew that well. 
“Take a look for yourself.” Larry pointed at Caspian’s ward that was not far ahead of them. 
What the hell? Did I seriously beat someone up? Isn’t it quite unlikely? I’m a girl, for goodness’ sake. I can’t be that strong. 
Jessica trudged along the hallway nervously until she reached the ward. 
When she saw Caspian on the bed, she finally relaxed. 
“What happened to you? Why are you here?” Jessica gave Caspian’s shoulder a light tap and demanded in a loud voice. 
It’s true that alcohol is the crux of all things bad! I can’t believe she forgot everything. Forget it, then. Caspian sighed and flashed a grin. 
Just then, Larry sauntered in and remarked, “He wouldn’t be in this state if it wasn’t for you.” 
Huh? What has this got to do with me? Caspian obviously got into a fight with others. Not only was I drunk, but there’s no way I would be strong enough to beat him to a pulp. The most I could do was probably curse at him.
“What happened to you? Tell me who beat you up and I’ll avenge you. Since you’ve always been nice to me, I shall help you,” Jessica patted her chest and declared. 
Caspian stared at her dubiously. Is she really sober? 
“Just stay here and take care of Caspian,” Larry interjected in a mocking tone. “Don’t go anywhere else and create trouble. After all, your dad isn’t here to clean up the mess after you.” 
Create trouble? When did I do that? Jessica wondered why Larry was being this sarcastic early in the morning. 
She leaned nearer to Caspian and whispered in his ear, “What’s wrong with Larry? Did he have a fight with his wife? Why is he so rude today?” 
At once, the doctor and Caspian burst out in laughter. 
“I heard that. Regarding last night’s situation, I hope there won’t be a repeat of it,” Larry commanded and spun on his heels to leave. 
Has he lost his mind? Why is he suddenly so indifferent? Jessica stared at his retreating figure as sorrow flitted across her face. 
She couldn’t remember doing anything wrong last night and was caught surprise by Larry’s sudden fury. 
“It’s fine. Larry’s just worried about me. Don’t worry,” Caspian consoled her. 
Jessica knew Larry was upset because of Caspian’s situation, but she had no idea why he was mad at her. In fact, she should be the one mad at him, for he kept refusing to eat with her. 
“Please don’t drink in the nightclub alone in the future. It’s too dangerous,” Caspian uttered suddenly.
“What happened last night?” Jessica demanded. “Tell me, or I will continue doing that.” 
After a moment of hesitation, Caspian poured out the whole story to prevent her from going to the nightclub alone again. 
Instantly, Jessica felt rather embarrassed. 
She finally understood why Larry was being so stiff earlier. It turned out that Caspian got hurt protecting her from the thugs. Remorse and guilt filled her heart instantly. 
“Uh, Caspian. I’m sorry. You wouldn’t be lying here if it wasn’t for me,” she mumbled softly. 
“I’m fine. It’s nothing serious. I’ll recover in a few days, so there’s no need to worry,” Caspian answered promptly. 
Jessica knew he was trying to console her. Looking at his wounds, he must be doubling over from the agony, but…
###Chapter 2212
Chapter 2212 
Am I that unreasonable? Jessica’s nails had dug into her flesh, her emotions a complicated mess. 
She knew Caspian liked her, and she had rejected his confession. Still, she allowed him to follow her to the nightclub. He even ended up getting hurt. Suddenly, she felt disdain toward herself. 
“Don’t think too much about it. It’s normal to get hurt. Besides, isn’t it normal for men to protect women?” Caspian returned nonchalantly. 
Jessica’s face went pink under his gaze. 
He’s right, but this is different. 
“What would you like to eat? I’ll go get it for you,” she hurriedly changed the subject. 
“I’d like some dumplings. Can you make them yourself?” Huh? Make dumplings myself? Seriously? 
“Uh, I’ll buy some for you. I’m not good at cooking.” With that, she exited the ward in a hurry. 
Caspian was left alone in the ward, chuckling to himself. 
Meanwhile, Larry was still busy at work in his office. 
His assistant came in and greeted him. “Mr. Norton.” 
“Did you find something?” Larry didn’t beat around the bush. 
“Yes, but…” the assistant trailed off hesitantly. 
Sensing something was amiss, Larry looked up at his assistant solemnly.
“An accident killed them both,” she added softly. 
Back at the hospital, Jessica returned with the dumplings. “Here you go.” She handed them to Caspian. 
“Mm, not bad,” praised Caspian. 
Jessica shook her head at how easily Caspian was pleased. 
“Hey, are you hungry? Do you want some?” Caspian offered, feeling a tad shy. 
“No, I’m not hungry. You should finish them yourself. And I’m going to leave soon,” she responded. 
“Where are you going?” 
“None of your business.” With that, she stalked to the sofa and sat down before flipping through a magazine. 
Since she refused to divulge further, Caspian didn’t press on. 
Shortly after, Jessica left. Caspian lay in bed and spaced out. 
What’s wrong with me? I could’ve defeated those thugs. So why did I end up at the hospital instead? There was a glint of despondence in his eyes. 
“Have you eaten?” Larry showed up and asked. 
“Mm, I’ve just eaten. What about you?” 
“I’m fine. I have something important to tell you,” said Larry in all seriousness. 
Caspian instantly put on a serious look. Larry didn’t like to joke. Seeing how grave he was, Caspian knew something huge must’ve happened.
“Jessica isn’t here, right? It’s about her parents. They were involved in an accident abroad and passed away,” revealed Larry. 
Caspian was thunderstruck. 
He knew that there was no way Jessica could handle the truth. After all, she was her parents’ only daughter. Her parents adored her a lot, so the news of their death would be a fatal blow to her. 
He immediately asked, “Larry, is there a possibility of you receiving the wrong information?” 
“No. I’ve investigated for a long time, so it’s true. Jessica is clueless, so don’t inform her for now. We need to break the news to her slowly so she can accept it readily,” Larry answered slowly. 
There was simply no way she would accept her parents’ death easily. Caspian couldn’t help but worry about how she would take it. 
“Are you serious, Larry?” he blurted anxiously. 
“Caspian, calm down,” said Larry as he patted Caspian’s shoulder. “It’s definitely true. It seems like you will need to treat her well from now on. After all, you are all she has left.”
###Chapter 2213
Chapter 2213 
Naturally, Caspian could take care of her, but he could never replace her parents, ever. It’s no wonder that she didn’t really talk about her parents recently. Wait, doesn’t that mean she has found out about it? But that doesn’t seem right. She wouldn’t be so calm if she knew about it. 
“Alright, stay here and rest. You don’t have to worry about work for now. I need to go now.” Before Larry left, he reminded Caspian, “Remember to be nice to Jessica.” 
Caspian shook his head despondently. Seems like Jessica’s got a hard time ahead of her… He suddenly felt sorry for her. 
“Hey, what’s up?” Jessica inquired as she ambled over. 
“H-Huh? O-Oh, it’s nothing. I-I was just spacing out,” Caspian stammered. 
Does she know her parents are dead? Caspian scanned the woman before him curiously, his heart engulfed with sadness. 
Hmm, I don’t think she knows. I guess I have to take things slow. 
“Miss, can you help your boyfriend to apply the ointment?” Suddenly, a nurse scurried over and asked for Jessica’s help. “I’m too busy to do it now.” 
Is this a joke? Do we look like a couple? Displeasure flitted across Jessica’s gaze. 
“She’s not my girlfriend,” Caspian hurriedly explained. 
“Ah, I see,” came the nurse’s reply. “But I’m really busy and can’t help you apply the ointment right now. Why don’t you apply it yourself?”
Caspian nodded without a word. 
All the while, Jessica was still brooding about the nurse misunderstanding their relationship. Sensing her foul mood, Caspian took the ointment and applied it to his wounds slowly. 
“Ngh…” he groaned as a wave of pain rolled through him. 
He gritted his teeth against the agony. Jessica, who was seated on the couch, frowned at the sight of him wincing in pain. She stood up and went to him at once. 
After all, he got hurt because of her. 
“Let me help you. It’s not like you can reach it yourself, anyway,” Jessica offered. 
Oh? Is she offering help? This is a rare moment. 
“Thank you, then.” As Caspian spoke, he handed the ointment to her. 
Jessica was actually a lovely woman. She might seem unreasonable at times, but she was kind- hearted. It was precisely because of the different sides to her character that Caspian fell in love with her. 
“Slow down. It hurts,” he hissed. 
Why is a man like him squealing from the pain? Jessica shook her head. 
“Jessica, aren’t you a lady? Can’t you be gentler?” he continued grumbling. 
Ha! Is he implying that I’m not a lady? He’ll pay for that. 
“Ah!” Suddenly, Caspian’s scream pierced the air.
“I’m sorry! You’re the most beautiful woman on earth!” 
Meanwhile, back at home, Delilah was talking to Joan. “I heard Caspian got hurt, Joan. You should go visit him in the hospital.” 
Caspian got hurt? But he’s Larry’s bodyguard! Is Larry alright, then? 
“Ms. Young, how did you know Caspian got hurt?” Joan inquired uneasily. 
“Oh, you weren’t home yesterday afternoon. Larry came home to take his briefcase. He was talking on his phone, and I overheard his conversation,” Delilah explained. 
Joan breathed a sigh of relief. So he’s alright… That’s good to hear. 
“Okay, I’ll head to the hospital now.” Joan whipped her phone out and made a call. 
Jessica was busy helping Caspian to apply the ointment, so none of them heard the phone vibrating beside. 
What is Caspian doing? This is frustrating. Joan grumbled inwardly. 
Suddenly, she thought of someone. I should ask Nancy to come along.
###Chapter 2214
Chapter 2214 
“Hello? Nancy, where are you? I heard that Caspian has been hospitalized. Shall we drop by and pay him a visit?” 
“Are you serious? What happened to him? Is everything fine? I’m on my way there, Joan!” Immediately after she finished her sentence, Nancy hung up the call. 
I guess she still holds him dear, huh? Joan smiled when she thought about it. 
“Caspian, what the heck is going on? Why have you ended up in such a miserable state?” Nancy raised her volume, looking irked. 
He answered with a question of his, “What is a heavily pregnant woman doing here in the hospital? Get going and return home immediately!” 
What’s gotten into him? He is actually trying to pull my leg? Is he dating someone? 
Nancy stared at the man on the bed with a confused look as she had a hard time comprehending his odd behavior. 
The man then asked with his brows arched in confusion, “Why are you looking at me like I have done something wrong?” 
All of a sudden, laughter echoed across the room. 
He must have done something behind my back. Otherwise, it would be impossible for him to go through such drastic changes within such a short period.
“Why don’t you be frank with me? Have you fallen for someone? As long as you share everything with me, I’ll definitely try my best to matchmake you and her! What do you think?” Nancy tapped on his shoulder and offered. 
If he didn’t know her well, he would have taken up her offer. Unfortunately, he knew it was merely an attempt to get to the bottom of the things going on behind the scenes. 
Hence, Caspian brought up something to divert her attention. He asked, “Joan, how’s everything going for you these days? Are you okay?” 
Nancy interrupted their conversation and demanded, “Huh? Have you not heard what I’ve said? Are you trying to divert our attention? Joan, please ignore him until he reverts back to me!” 
She’s definitely the nastiest woman amongst the ones I have encountered. Perhaps it’s true when they say it’s tough to deal with a pregnant woman. 
“Hurry up and tell us everything about this woman you have a crush on!” 
Wait! That sounds so wrong! I just have a slight crush on Jessica. Larry is the one she has a thing for! 
Caspian lowered his head and muttered, “I have not done anything! I mean, how was I supposed to go around and hit on others when I have spent most of my time in the ward? You need to stop being so paranoid.” 
Nope! Something’s definitely going on! With her arms folded, Nancy was lost in thought, trying to come up with a way to get the man to confess. 
As silence fell in the ward, the trio exchanged glances with one another; each had different concerns in mind.
Nancy had her eyes glued to Caspian because she was determined to get her hands on his secret. Meanwhile, Joan glanced at Caspian before shifting her gaze to Nancy, but the one she had in mind was Larry. 
After he took a peek at his watch, Caspian suggested, “Joan, I’m pretty sure you have a lot of things on your plate, don’t you? Why don’t you head back first? I will be fine!” 
When Joan was about to leave, Nancy rushed over to her side and gestured for her to take a seat and stay for a little longer. 
Smirking, Nancy approached the man on the bed and queried, “Caspian, how could you try to chase us away when we came here to see you out of concern?” 
Whenever she put on a goofy front, Caspian knew she was up to no good. After all, he knew her like the back of his hand after being married to her for years. 
Glancing at his watch, he muttered, “Nah, I just don’t want to take up too much of your time.” 
Oh, God! If Jessica makes her way back when they’re still around, how should I introduce them to one another? I can’t possibly tell Jessica that Nancy’s my ex-wife who has become a close friend of mine, can I? It sounds ridiculous on so many levels!
###Chapter 2215
Chapter 2215 
Joan had no idea what Nancy had up her sleeve, but since the latter seemed to be having a great time, she decided to play along. 
“Caspian, what should I get you for dinner?” Jessica asked while making her way into the ward. 
When she raised her head and saw the women before her, she was dumbfounded. 
What’s going on? Why is Joan here? What about the pregnant woman by Caspian’s bed? 
“I—” Staring at Caspian on the bed, Jessica couldn’t bring herself to carry on with her sentence. 
Before she knew it, Nancy had approached her and initiated a handshake. “Hello! I’m Nancy, Caspian’s sister!” 
His sister? Why don’t they resemble each other at all? After sizing up the woman in front of her, Jessica gave Caspian a once-over. 
In the end, she decided to pay no heed to their relationship since it had nothing to do with her. On the other hand, Joan, who happened to be there, took her by surprise. 
Jessica greeted, “Hello, Ms. Watts.” 
Joan replied in a courteous manner, “Hello, Ms. Zimmer.” 
Since she wasn’t entirely sure about her relationship with Larry, it was only natural for her to treat Jessica courteously. 
Suddenly, Jessica suggested, “Since you guys are here, care to join me for a meal?”
The person who had piqued her interest was Joan instead of Nancy. Similarly, Nancy got increasingly curious about Jessica, who had shown up out of the blue. 
Joan tapped on Nancy’s shoulder and asked, “What’s wrong?” 
“I can’t be sure, but I think Jessica is up to no good.” 
Nancy had always been known for her oddly precise hunch. Thus, Joan was certain that Jessica had some hidden agenda. At that thought, she sighed and did not say another word. 
Right then, Nancy regretted her decision to join Jessica for a meal and insisted on having Joan tagging along. 
Jessica said courteously, “Please have a seat and order everything you want. It’s my treat today.” 
Huh? Why is she offering to buy us a meal? What makes her think she’s in a position to do that? Since it’s our first meeting, isn’t it better for us to pay for our own meal? 
Nancy rejected outright, “That’s very generous of you, but I don’t think that’s appropriate because we have always footed our own bills.” 
Oh? She’s quite a cautious woman! 
Jessica shrugged her shoulders and replied with a sneer, “Sure! I don’t mind!” 
There was a tendency for people to expose their true colors over a meal, especially when it involved three women. 
Jessica went on to ask, “Ms. Watts, aren’t you pretty occupied lately?”
Nancy was taken aback by her question, and it took her a while to snap out of her confusion and put on a straight face. 
Does that mean they’re acquainted with one another? 
Joan answered with a sheepish grin, “N-Not really.” 
Jessica pressed on in a sarcastic manner, “Oh? Haven’t you been taking care of another man in the hospital?” 
What does she mean by another man? Who’s the man she’s talking about when Larry is the only one Joan truly cares about? Nancy glanced at Jessica with a puzzled expression before looking at the equally befuddled Joan. 
Joan replied, “Ms. Zimmer, I’m afraid I don’t get you.” 
Are you sure? Stop pretending like you’re a fool! Jessica snorted in disdain, deeming her a pretentious woman because she hadn’t kept a distance from other men when she had gotten married. 
Thus, she thought Joan wasn’t serious about her relationship with Larry. 
Little did she know that Caiden once saved Joan from a life-threatening incident. 
Jessica remarked sarcastically, “Stop acting like you’re not aware of the things you have done! I have never seen a married woman taking care of another man apart from her husband! If you’re not serious about your husband, why don’t you file for divorce as soon as possible?”
###Chapter 2216
Chapter 2216 
Hearing the woman’s increasingly brazen words, Nancy’s frustration was written all over her face. She was certain that Joan had a good reason for her actions. Moreover, she knew that the latter was not a loose woman like Jessica had accused her of being. 
Hence, she was completely irked by Jessica, the busybody who had poked her nose into other people’s business without a clue about the truth. 
Unable to contain her rage, Nancy finally rebuked, “Please mind your words in the future, Ms. Zimmer. I have personally witnessed the things Larry and Joan went through as a couple. They are a pair made in heaven, and you need to stop defaming others and making baseless accusations.” 
There was no way she would allow others to push Joan around. 
Who the heck is this woman? Who gave her the audacity to pick on Joan? How is she related to Larry and Caspian? Staring at Nancy in the eye, Jessica caressed her chin in contemplation. 
Joan broke the silence by retorting, “Ms. Zimmer, I think you must have misunderstood something because I’m not having an affair with another man. Things are fine between my husband and me. Speaking of which, you need to mind your own business and get yourself a spouse as soon as possible because you’re not getting any younger. Otherwise, I’m afraid you’ll have to get used to being single for the rest of your life.” 
Since she had never done anything behind Larry’s back, she had no reason to tolerate the vicious woman’s defaming remarks at all. 
On top of that, she was not afraid of offending Norton Corporation’s potential partners at all because the deal had been sealed.
Glancing at Joan, Jessica remarked in a contemptuous manner, “Are you sure? But I have seen you taking care of Caiden in the hospital, doing his laundry, preparing his meal, and wiping him down.” 
Where did this baseless accusation come from? Indeed, I prepared Caiden’s meals and did his laundry, but I never once wiped him down! Who was the one who spread the rumor? Could it be her? Joan’s eyes burned with rage as she thought about it. 
With a smirk, Jessica asked, “Oh? Are you trying to deny it? I saw it a few times when I dropped by the hospital! Hasn’t Larry brought it up? Judging by your expression, he must have not, huh?” 
It was all part of her plan to make Joan feel bad. 
“I was just returning the favor as Caiden once saved my life! Besides, Larry is aware of that too! Why don’t you ask him instead? It’s getting late. Since we’re done with our meal, allow us to excuse ourselves.” 
After Joan finished her sentence, she got up from her seat, but Jessica had no intention to let her off the hook just yet. 
“Huh? Can you stay? Otherwise, I’m afraid Larry will put the blame on me.” 
What does she mean? Why would Larry blame her? He doesn’t have time for these trivial and silly matters when he’s occupied with work! 
Joan announced while making her way out, “That’s none of your business because I’ll explain everything to him on my own!” 
“No! You’re not allowed to leave just yet!” Jessica tried to stop Joan from leaving as she still had more to say.
Joan replied in a hushed voice, “What else do you have in mind? I’ll spare you another few minutes.” 
Sneering once again, Jessica tried to pull herself together. She refused to believe Joan wasn’t influenced by her remarks at all. 
“Ms. Watts, I have been keeping this to myself, but since you’re here today, allow me to make myself clear. I have a thing for Larry, and I will never leave him. So please return him to me,” Jessica blurted out everything she had in mind without any hesitation. 
Nancy was taken aback by the confession, yet she tried her best to calm herself down and regained her composure after a short while.
###Chapter 2217
Chapter 2217 
What the heck? It turns out Jessica has a crush on Larry instead of Caspian! This is definitely beyond my expectation! I can’t believe another woman has shown up out of nowhere after Gabriella! Just give me a break already! 
The heavily pregnant Nancy approached Jessica and declared, “It’s better for you to give up because there’s nothing you can do to drive them apart. In other words, things will never work out between both of you.” 
It’s unfair! Why do they get to live a blissful life together, yet I can’t even stay by Larry’s side? Why are they head over heels in love with one another, yet he refuses to reciprocate the affection I have for him? 
The diffident Jessica added, “N-No! I think I stand a pretty good chance! He started hesitating after finding out about the affair she had with another man! On top of that, he’s aware of the extra miles I have taken for his sake!” 
Overwhelmed by emotions and questions, Joan’s eyes dimmed. 
It turns out he’s aware of everything all along! If that’s the case, why hasn’t he confronted me yet? Is he disappointed in me as well? 
Jessica added, “You’re the one who should give up! As someone with a complicated background and messed up relationships, you don’t deserve him!” 
I’m sure something’s wrong with her! No one in their right mind will ever speak so blatantly! Forget it. I can’t let her push me around. Once Joan gathered her thoughts, she left the private room. 
“Joan!” Nancy brought herself up and went after the departing woman immediately.
As she was running up to Joan, Nancy yelled, “Hey, Joan! Please slow down! I can’t keep up with you!” 
She patted her chest and said, “What’s Jessica’s deal? You can count on me to get your revenge, but why don’t you tell me everything first? What’s going on? Who’s the other man she has been talking about?” 
Joan was slightly taken aback by Nancy’s words, but let out a chuckle almost immediately. 
Her friend could be a pain in the ass at times, yet she had always been the same sprightly person. 
Confused by Joan’s response, Nancy asked, “What’s so funny? I’m being serious, okay?” 
Joan knew that Nancy meant her words, yet she found it unnecessary to take any action against Jessica because she had faith in Larry. 
No matter what happened between them in the past, Larry would never turn his back on me! 
Joan’s eyes gleamed with joy as she orated, “Alright, you need to calm down and prioritize your child’s wellbeing for now. When Gabriella tried to take me out, Caiden put his life at stake and saved me, so I offered to look after him because his friends and family members weren’t around to help him. It was beyond my expectation for Jessica to make a fuss out of it, but it’s not a big deal at all. So don’t worry.” 
So that’s what it’s all about. But isn’t that a normal thing to do? 
Why is Jessica making a fuss when Joan is merely returning the favor to the person who saved her? It’s not like she’s offering herself to him! Hold on! She mentioned that she had a thing for Larry. If that’s the case, everything makes sense! 
When that particular thought crossed Nancy’s mind, she warned, “Joan, you need to watch out for her because I don’t think she’s going to give up on Larry just yet.”
Joan knew how persistent Jessica was because she had seen that woman in Larry’s office almost every time she went there, and the latter would stay in his office against his will. Truth be told, she was quite impressed by Jessica’s boldness in pursuing what she wanted. 
“I’ll leave the rest to Larry because there’s nothing much I can do to turn the tables around,” Joan replied with a hint of despair in her eyes. 
Will he even listen to me when he doesn’t even want to return home? I wonder if he has been staying away from me on purpose or if he’s really occupied with his work. Joan’s mind was all over the place after the meal with Jessica.
###Chapter 2218
Chapter 2218 
Others had always considered marriage the end of a couple’s relationship. Joan wondered if that would apply to them as well. 
Nancy tapped on Joan’s shoulder and said, “You know what? You need to stop overthinking things. I have you covered!” 
“Actually, you need to take good care of yourself until your child is here with us. Don’t let other things get to you, okay?” 
Nancy lowered her head and caressed her tummy with happiness written all over her face. Ever since she was pregnant, she would be overjoyed for no reason, and even the little things Jory did were amusing to her. 
“It’s getting late. I’ll send you home.” Joan wrapped her arm around Nancy’s and showed her the way out. 
Meanwhile, Caspian was on pins and needles in the ward because of Jessica’s suggestion to have a meal together with the two women. 
“Hey, I brought you some soup.” Jessica entered Caspian’s ward with a thermos flask. 
When Caspian heard the woman’s voice, he jolted up from the bed. 
“What about the other two? Where are they?” he asked anxiously, wondering if Jessica had mentioned anything she should have kept to herself in front of Joan. 
The woman replied nonchalantly, “They made their way back after our meal.”
Is that all? What did they talk about throughout their meal? He couldn’t be bothered about Jessica finding out that Nancy used to be his spouse or even the fact that Nancy had cheated on him with another man. 
The thing that concerned him the most was Joan’s condition. He was afraid Joan and Larry would get into another conflict. After all, they had been through all sorts of ups and downs before their relationship finally stabilized. 
“Is there anything else you wish to share with me?” Caspian looked her in the eye and asked in a serious tone. 
Huh? Is he worried about Joan? Why is he getting so worked up when she’s not his wife? Larry should be the one who’s anxious! 
“What else do you want to know? It was nothing more than a simple meal. On top of that, I have asked her to leave Larry alone.” 
When Caspian heard Jessica’s reply, his eyes widened in disbelief. 
Is this woman out of her mind? How could she say such a thing to Joan? Oh, God! Joan is going to overthink things again! 
Irked by Jessica’s attitude, Caspian reprimanded, “Why did you bring up something like this during the meal? Aren’t you aware that Larry will never leave Joan for you? So what are you attempting at?” 
Stop behaving like it’s such a big deal! Most importantly, it has nothing to do with you! I don’t get it! What’s so great about that woman? She’s not even a match for me! Why won’t Larry give up on her? 
Since he won’t fall in love with me, I won’t allow her to have her way either!
“That has nothing to do with you! Why don’t you mind your own business?” Jessica tried to end the topic. 
Does he even know how it feels to be in love? Stop nagging if you aren’t aware of the things going on between them! If they were really in love with one another, the affection they had wouldn’t waver just because of an outsider’s baseless accusation! 
Out of the blue, she asked, “Speaking of which, who’s Nancy? Are you guys close?” 
Caspian closed his eyes and gasped out his reply. “I consider her a sister of mine.” 
A sister of yours? Is that all? Well, since she’s already pregnant, she can’t possibly be romantically involved with Caspian, can she? 
“I think she’s not half bad.” 
Caspian shrugged. Duh, I have good taste in women. 
Nodding, Jessica continued, “I enjoy being around a bubbly woman like her.”
###Chapter 2219
Chapter 2219 
What the hell? Has she a thing for Nancy? Does that mean she has a unique sexual preference? 
Caspian gaped at the woman in front of him and asked, “Have you grown fond of Nancy?” 
“Yes!” 
As Jessica replied without a second thought, he had a hard time comprehending the rationale behind the woman’s words. Although they used to be married, Caspian still found Nancy’s actions unpredictable. 
“When will I be discharged?” Caspian asked. 
“What exactly are you up to? The doctor said it would take at least another fortnight.” 
Why does it take so long? Caspian was worried about Larry who dealing with the troubling matters involving Norton Corporation on his own, and his displeasure was written all over his face. The situation will drag on indefinitely if there’s no one around to help Larry. 
“If it’s regarding Larry, you don’t have to worry because things are fine on his end.” 
He heaved a sigh of relief when he heard her reply. 
On a side note, he couldn’t figure out the proper way to break the bad news to her. Afraid she couldn’t embrace the truth of her parents’ death, he had been keeping her in the dark. 
Staring at her warily, he replied, “Jessica, I have a question for you.” 
Annoyed, she answered with another question, “Are you sure you’re a man? Can you cut the small talk and get to the point already?”
How am I supposed to bring this up? Conflicted, he stuttered, “I-I’m sure you understand that our parents won’t be able to keep us company until the end of our lives. If your parents leave this world way ahead of you, what are you going to do?” 
He directed the question at her as though he was talking about a hypothetical situation while his eyes flickered in curiosity and trepidation. 
Jessica replied with a smirk, “What sort of nonsense are you spouting? Nothing can possibly happen to my parents because I’ll ensure their safety at all costs. Once they retire, I’ll keep them company until the time comes.” 
The people she loved the most were none other than her parents, and needless to say, they felt the same about her. It had never occurred to her that misfortune would befall her family. Perhaps that was the fundamental of destiny—it would always be unpredictable until the very moment of manifestation. 
“It’s just an assumption, okay? What if it happens sooner than you thought?” Caspian probed further. 
It was something that had never crossed Jessica’s mind before because her parents were in the pink of health. 
Did something happen to them? 
No! It can’t be! They have always been so kind! God will never bring them away in such a brutal manner! 
Jessica rebuked in a quivering voice, “I won’t allow that to happen! You need to stop bringing this up because my parents are just fine! Can’t we talk about something else?” 
What’s gotten into her? Why did she get so worked up all of a sudden? I haven’t mentioned anything about the accident, and yet, her eyes are already brimming with tears. Has she figured out the truth?
Does she know that we have been deceiving her all this while? Caspian looked at the woman with sympathy and wondered if he should carry on with the topic. 
All of a sudden, he said, “Jessica, don’t you think it’s about time to stop lying to yourself?” 
The woman was taken aback, but she regained her composure in no time. 
Then, she turned around and asked the man on the bed, “What are you talking about? When did I ever lie to myself?” 
“Jessica, are you sure you’re not aware of the truth? Your parents are no longer around, and you need to stop torturing yourself. If you’re willing to spend the rest of your life—” 
“No! You’re lying! My parents are currently on a trip abroad! They can’t be dead! Shut up, Caspian!” Immediately after she yelled at him, she sprinted out of the ward. 
It turned out that she was aware of the heartbreaking truth all along, yet she just didn’t want to accept it. 
Caspian reached for his phone and made a call. “Hey, Larry? Could you please keep an eye on Jessica? She has figured out her parents’ death.”
###Chapter 2220
Chapter 2220 
“Alright.” Once Larry hung up the call, he walked out of his office. 
He wasn’t in the condition to leave the ward, and it was obvious that Jessica didn’t want Caspian anywhere near her. 
Larry’s assistant asked when he was about to leave, “Mr. Norton, where are you going? Are we still conducting the meeting?” 
Larry replied, “Yes, I’ll be back soon.” 
Meanwhile, Jessica stared into the distance, sitting on the beach by herself. 
Why? God, why did you take them away from me? Her eyes started brimming with tears then. 
She couldn’t believe she lost both her parents when they were about to have the best time of their lives together. 
Back in the day, she was transferred to different schools because of her arrogant attitude. In the end, she was sent abroad. Nonetheless, they had been keeping in touch through phone calls until the night the accident occurred. 
On that particular night, she tried to reach her parents through phone calls, yet no one picked up. About an hour later, she received the devastating phone call from the hospital. 
They’re really gone. 
Overwhelmed with sorrow, Jessica wrapped her arms around herself for solace. Her phone had been buzzing for some time, yet she couldn’t hear it at all.
Out of nowhere, a woman showed up and said, “Miss, I believe you have an incoming call.” 
When she returned to her senses, it was already evening. The tide had risen above the horizon, yet she did not feel like going home at all. She wished to stay away from the place that reminded her of her grief. After all, she would be alone from then onwards. 
After she picked up the call, the haggard woman asked in a barely audible voice, “Hello?” 
“Where are you?” 
“I’m at the beach.” 
Once the person on the other end hung up the call, she let out a wry smirk. Ultimately, people only care about themselves. 
All along, she had been lying to herself that her parents were still on an overseas trip and refused to make their way back because they were having a great time. She held onto the belief that they would definitely return to her once the trip was over. However, Caspian’s words earlier on pulled her back to reality. 
In the end, she was forced to brace herself through the fact her parents had passed on. 
“Jessica!” 
Right then, Larry dashed toward her and looked at her in confusion while panting for breath. 
Is she trying to commit suicide? 
After she brought herself up, she asked, “Why are you here?” 
“Caspian said he was worried about you because you were nowhere to be seen.” Larry avoided the topic of her parents’ death.
Weeping, she asked, “Larry, you’re aware that my parents aren’t around anymore, aren’t you? I’m all alone from now onwards.” 
“What do you mean you’re alone? You still have your friends. Caspian and I will always be here for you.” 
It will never be the same! No friend can replace family… She could show her true self and even throw tantrums in front of her parents, yet no friend of hers would tolerate her unreasonable behavior. 
The dejected woman demanded, “You should get going and leave me alone.” 
“Since Caspian isn’t around, allow me to keep you company.” He ended up sitting down by her side. 
Then Larry comforted her in a soft voice, “Actually, you don’t have to put on a strong front in front of me. If you feel like crying, just let it all out.” 
Unable to contain her emotions anymore, she wailed hysterically in between his arms. 
He didn’t try to console her as he thought it might be better for her to release the emotions she had been holding back. 
Nothing he said could possibly alleviate the grief she felt. In fact, some might never move on from a traumatizing incident like that, especially when the ones they held dear were involved. 
Caspian and Larry understood what Jessica was going through, yet they couldn’t be of much aid because it was something she had to deal with on her own. 
While they were within one another’s embrace, a mysterious figure hiding in the dark had his eyes glued to them. 
Click!
He started taking intimate photos of the duo. 
After crying to her heart’s content, Jessica dozed off in Larry’s arms due to emotional exhaustion.
###Chapter 2221
Chapter 2221 
At that moment, Larry found her pitiable. 
Due to her bubbly personality, he once thought she was an independent woman who could fend for herself no matter what, yet she turned out to be just like any other person who needed help when lost in life. 
As the tide continued rising, the beach seemed even more desolated; there wasn’t a single star in the night sky, and they were the only ones there. 
Due to the drop in the temperature, Jessica started sneezing. 
She said flatly, “It’s time to head back and call it a day.” 
“I think you should spend a night at the nearby hotel since it’s getting late and cold.” 
She thought that was a great idea because she was afraid of going through another round of emotional breakdown once she was home. 
Jessica asked, “What about you? Where are you going?” 
He patted her shoulder and said, “There are still matters that require my attention back at the company. So I’ll return and pick you up tomorrow.” 
In spite of the affection she had for him, he had always considered her just another friend of his. 
He couldn’t possibly leave her alone since she only had a few friends after spending most of her time over the years abroad.
She wiped her tears dry and replied with a smile, “Mm. Please be careful on your way back. Thank you so much for everything.” 
“It’s fine. I hope you will move on as soon as possible. If you don’t mind, I can help you bring your family back to its prime,” Larry offered in a serious manner. 
In spite of the termination of the collaboration between both parties, she deserved at least that much for her parents’ contribution. On top of that, Larry felt obliged to take care of Jessica because of the misfortunes that had befallen her. 
“Alright, Larry! I’ll definitely bring the Zimmer family back to its prime again, but I need to call it a day first.” Jessica walked into the hotel after she bade farewell to Larry. 
A woman could achieve any goal as long as she was ready to commit herself to it. If he could help Jessica restore the Zimmer family to its former glory, perhaps there would be another renowned family in town. 
Right then, it was already three o’clock in the morning, and the city got so quiet that it was eerie. Perhaps after a crazy night, the pent-up fatigue had caught up to the party animals. On his way back to his office, the image of Joan flashed across Larry’s mind. 
I wonder if she’s fine? Never mind. I’ll focus on the company matters for the time being. 
When the shaft of sunlight illuminated Larry’s office, the pale and haggard man could be seen resting his head on his table. 
His assistant made his way into his office and greeted, “Mr. Norton?” 
However, Larry couldn’t hear his assistant at all due to the fatigue after having a long night.
His assistant tapped on his shoulder in an attempt to wake him up. “Mr. Norton, it’s time for the next meeting.” 
Slowly, Larry opened his eyes and announced, “Oh… Get everything ready and meet me in the meeting room.” 
Worried, the assistant suggested, “Shall we delay the meeting? You can take a five-minute nap if you need it.” 
He had already seen the man sleeping in the office countless times. Therefore, he was afraid the latter’s body couldn’t take the toll. 
“No, I’m fine. Get everyone to join us in the meeting room at once.” Larry walked out of his office the moment he delivered his instruction. 
None of the management team and staff were involved in the meeting because it was conducted with a few shareholders only. But as Larry had expected, Dustin was absent from the meeting. 
One of the shareholders asked with a scornful look, “Mr. Norton, what exactly are you up to? Why haven’t you tried to salvage whatever’s left after the termination of the collaboration with the domestic manufacturer? How could you hand it over to others without putting up a fight?” 
“Indeed, it’s a loss on our end when the collaboration was terminated abruptly. I mean, we have been collaborating over the years.”
###Chapter 2222
Chapter 2222 
“They’re absolutely right! I still need to put food on the table! My whole family depends on me!” 
The shareholders in the meeting room voiced out their frustration because they were oblivious to the fact that Norton Corporation had reached an agreement with a foreign manufacturer. 
“Mr. Norton, don’t you think you owe us an explanation? You’re not going to tell us you have no idea about our current situation, are you?” 
“If that’s really the case, don’t you guys think it’s about time to appoint another president to lead the corporation?” 
The cunning bunch was up to no good and seemed to be plotting against him, trying to strip him of his position. 
Larry announced, “Please calm down, everyone. There’s a reason why I did not try to establish a collaboration with the domestic manufacturers.” 
“What is it? If you have run out of ideas, why don’t you let Dustin take over your position? As the second-largest shareholder of Norton Corporation, I’m sure he’s on par with you in terms of capabilities!” 
It was evident that Dustin was colluding with the shareholders, which was the reason he couldn’t be bothered to attend the meeting in person. 
Great! They’re actually ganging up on me now! Larry’s abysmal pair of eyes glinted when he thought about it.
Right then, his assistant handed each of the attendees a proposal. “Here’s Mr. Norton’s proposal. Please take some time and peruse the pros and cons associated with the proposal before raising any question.” 
Instantly, everyone went dead silent. 
“What is he up to again?” 
“I have no idea! I guess we’ll find out soon!” 
“Has he been keeping us in the dark again? I have never heard of this so-called proposal before!” 
“Actually, this is the first time I have seen it as well.” 
When the shareholders started perusing the proposal, they were shocked. 
A shareholder asked in disbelief, “Mr. Norton, are you telling us you have sealed the deal with the largest foreign manufacturer?” 
Initially, they had devised a flawless plan to strip Larry of his power as the president, but they were rendered speechless by the proposal the assistant had distributed. 
Confused, they exchanged glances with each other. 
Another shareholder repeated the question, “Mr. Norton, are you serious?” 
Larry deadpanned his reply with a serious look, “Yes.” 
After perusing the proposal a few times, the attendees of the meeting still found it unbelievable.
“That foreign manufacturer is globally renowned for being the best in the industry. Some of us had paid the person in charge a visit, yet our effort was to no avail. How did he reach an agreement with them?” 
“I have no idea! Did he resort to some extreme countermeasures again?” 
“Hmph! I think that must be the case! After all, Larry is known for being a ruthless man who would resort to everything and anything to achieve his goal.” 
A few of the shareholders engaged in another round of heated discussion. 
Suddenly, Larry announced, “Choosing not to collaborate with domestic manufacturers has always been part of my plan. While we’re not supposed to leave those who have supported us behind, we can’t possibly forsake our potential gains as entrepreneurs. I will never impede the company’s growth for personal reasons. On top of that, the person in charge of the foreign manufacturing company has indicated the will to work with us in the long run.” 
It was evident that Larry’s plan had taken the shareholders by surprise once again. 
One of the most reputable shareholders requested, “It sounds like a great idea because Norton Corporation has always been a for-profit organization. With that being said, you need to show us the agreement to convince us.” 
Larry understood that the shareholder was trying to do him a favor to stop others from getting in his way. Therefore, he knew it was inevitable to show them the agreement. 
After he glanced at his watch, he stated, “That won’t be an issue, but not today because there are still quite a few things I have to sort out. I’ll show everyone the agreement during our next meeting. So please be patient until then.”
###Chapter 2223
Chapter 2223 
The moment the attendees heard the announcement, they couldn’t keep their composure anymore. 
“What’s going on? The agreement is not ready yet? Is he pulling a trick on us?” 
“I guess we’ll have to wait and see. I mean, can a youngster really achieve something we veterans can’t?” 
They engaged in another round of heated discussion in front of Larry and voiced out their doubts, but Larry refused to let the belittling remarks get to him. It wasn’t a lie when he mentioned he had a lot of things to deal with—he was in a hurry to head over to the hotel and pick Jessica up. 
“I’m sorry, everyone, but I have to leave now. The main agenda of today’s meeting is to distribute the proposal. Please peruse it during your free time.” 
He was about to leave, but another shareholder broke the silence and demanded, “Mr. Norton, are you sure you’re not trying to deceive us? We need a feasible solution, not a proposal!” 
Ugh! Is Murphy’s law at play again? 
Larry had no choice but to face the shameless bunch. He turned around and explained, “I have been telling the truth, and every staff in the company is aware of that.” 
Nonetheless, the shareholders weren’t convinced at all. They had no intention to let Larry off the hook just yet, staring at him with scornful expressions like he was a liar. 
The shareholder raised his volume and demanded, “We want to see the agreement immediately! Otherwise, you’re considered deceiving the shareholders! I’m sure you’re aware of the consequences of doing that, aren’t you?”
What on earth does he want? Is this part of their plan to strip me of my authority and position? Just how foolish can he get? 
In the end, Larry raised his volume and repeated himself, “Have I not made myself clear? I said I would show it to everyone during the next meeting because I’m currently in a hurry!” 
Actually, he had no intention to keep the agreement from them, but he was worried someone would attempt something foolish should his assistant show them the agreement in his absence. 
He could foresee that some of them would throw a tantrum or even tear the agreement apart. After all, it did happen in the past. 
The nasty shareholder added, “Mr. Norton, why don’t you show us the agreement if you have sealed the deal? You can continue with your business once you do so.” 
Huh! What am I? A fool? I guess they must have gotten full of themselves, huh? 
Sneering, Larry announced in a domineering manner, “As the president of the company, I’m going to repeat myself for one last time. I have the agreement with me, and I’ll show it to everyone during the next meeting. If anyone has a different opinion, feel free to leave Norton Corporation because no one, including me, is going to stop you!” 
In fact, he wasn’t saying that just to get out of the meeting room—it was a warning to the arrogant bunch because he couldn’t stand their attitude anymore. It takes the entire organization’s collective effort to improve the company’s situation. Since some of them share a different goal in mind and have tried to impede the company’s growth, it’s pointless to keep them around. 
All of a sudden, the attendees in the meeting room went dead silent as they were intimidated by Larry’s warning.
After he made himself clear, Larry flung the door open and marched out of the meeting room. 
I shouldn’t have tolerated them all these years! They can’t contribute much, yet they won’t stop picking on those who actually do! 
Once his assistant caught up to him, he said, “Mr. Norton, please calm down. I think they were only agitated because they weren’t aware of the actual situation.” 
Indeed, none of the shareholders knew that he had spent most of his time working overtime at the office and had to forsake his meals occasionally. Moreover, when he was abroad, he had to cast his dignity aside to seal the deal with the manufacturer. 
“It’s fine. You should go back to work. I’ll be heading out in a short while. If they come after you and try to give you a hard time, just repeat the things I have mentioned. If worse comes to worst, give me a call.” He made his way out of Norton Corporation once he delivered his instructions. 
On his way to the hotel, he stared dead ahead, emanating a strong murderous intent.
###Chapter 2224
Chapter 2224 
They consider me an arrogant youngster who can’t do much, yet they’re the ones who can’t contribute at all! 
Once Larry picked up the call, Caspian voice could be heard asking anxiously, “Larry, what happened? Did the shareholders give you a hard time again? Do you need me to come over?” 
Larry massaged his temples and replied in a hushed voice, “How did you know about this? It’s not a big deal. I have everything under control. They won’t try anything reckless anymore.” 
He was grateful to have Caspian by his side back in the day when the shareholders were up to no good. If it weren’t because of Caspian, he might not have made it through the challenges. 
As soon as Larry sorted out everything, he rushed over to the hotel. 
Once he saw Jessica, he asked, “Hey, how are you feeling?” 
She replied in a courteous manner, “I guess I’m doing fine. Thank you so much for everything yesterday.” 
It was about time for her to snap out of her imagination and face the truth after lying to herself for such a long time. 
“Can you please make a trip with me? I need to bring my late parents’ remains back with me.” 
When Larry heard the request she brought up, he found it odd. Why is she asking me to tag along with her to bring her parents back? It’s quite inappropriate since I’m a married man.
With that, Larry turned her down outright, “Jessica, I’m afraid that’s impossible because I have a lot of things to deal with in the company. I’ll get Caspian to go with you instead.” 
He couldn’t bear to have her make the trip alone either. After all, there wasn’t anyone else she could rely on. 
“If that’s the case, it’s fine. You should tend to the things you have on your plate. I’ll make my way there on my own.” 
Afraid that something bad would happen to Caspian, she turned him down without a second thought. After all, she was the reason he was hurt. 
On top of that, she once rejected him when he confessed the affection he had for her. 
Staying true to herself had always been her core value. Thus, she was determined to stay away from Caspian since she was in love with another man. Although she knew that Larry might not fall for her, she couldn’t lie to herself because he was the only one she had in mind. Therefore, she couldn’t possibly accept Caspian into her life. 
After much consideration, Larry repeated himself, “I’ll get Caspian to go with you because there are a few things that require my attention.” 
“It’s fine! Please go ahead with your work, but keep this matter from Caspian, okay? I want to resolve everything on my own! Trust me! I’ll be back, but it’s going to take some time!” Jessica replied with a determined look. 
Why is she so stubborn? I get it she doesn’t have a thing for Caspian, but she can just consider him another friend of hers. Is it necessary for her to distance herself from him? She’s making it seem like she’s about to sever ties with him.
He asked, “When will you be heading over?” 
The woman wiped the tears from her cheeks and said, “If it’s possible, I’ll be heading over tonight because I received countless calls from the person in charge. All this while, I had been deceiving myself, but it’s time to face reality.” 
“Alright, I’ll tag along with you.” 
The man’s response took Jessica by surprise, and she gave him a grin. 
I guess he’s not a heartless man after all, huh? 
After they made their way out of the hotel, Larry brought Jessica to the hospital. 
Meanwhile, Caspian, who was in the ward, looked frail and haggard. It was evident that he had a hard time falling asleep because his fatigue was written all over his face. 
“Hey, it’s time for breakfast!” Jessica announced when she made her way into the ward. 
Caspian turned around when she heard the woman’s voice. 
Thrilled by her presence, he greeted, “Hey!” 
Jessica handed him his breakfast and suggested, “Here you go! I have bought you your favorite food! You should eat it before it turns cold!” 
However, he couldn’t be bothered with the food she bought at all because her wellbeing was his sole concern. 
Subsequently, he asked while looking her in the eye, “How are you? Is everything fine?”
Grinning, Jessica answered, “What could possibly be wrong? Just dig in. I’m totally fine!”
###Chapter 2225
Chapter 2225 
Caspian knew she was forcing a smile to conceal her despair. After all, it was impossible for someone to move on from such a horrifying experience so soon. 
Nonetheless, he was glad she hadn’t attempted anything silly. 
Out of the blue, Jessica said, “Caspian, I have to see to something. Therefore, I won’t be able to drop by for the next few days.” 
What else could she possibly care about besides Larry? 
Savoring the food she bought him, he asked, “Where are you going?” 
“You need to stop poking your nose into my business because it has nothing to do with you!” 
Oh? Since when did she learn to keep her secrets from me? But I guess it’s fine since she has Larry by her side. 
“Alright, I’ll get you a bottle of water.” Having said that, Jessica headed over to the pantry. 
Once Caspian saw that the woman was gone, he reached for his phone and made a call. 
He asked anxiously, “Hello, Larry? Is everything fine with Jessica? Why can’t she drop by the hospital for the next few days? Do you have any idea what’s going on?” 
“How am I supposed to know when you’re not even aware of it after spending so much time with her?” Larry answered with a rhetorical question. 
Although Caspian was the friend he trusted the most, he couldn’t possibly decline Jessica’s request.
“You need to calm down. She’s stronger than you think, so don’t worry, okay?” he tried to console his anxious friend. 
“Larry, you’re able to say that because she’s not Joan! I’m pretty sure you’re going to be on pins and needles if Joan has to go through something similar,” Caspian teased his friend in return. 
Suddenly, a gloomy expression loomed over Larry’s face because it had been a few days since his last encounter with Joan. 
She had not called him for the past few days either. 
He couldn’t help but wonder if she was messing with another man again. In fact, he doubted if she even cared about their marriage. 
“Larry, I’m not trying to be a busybody, but I think you need to keep Joan company. Aren’t you afraid another man is going to snatch her away from you?” Caspian asked in a provoking manner. 
If she’s going to leave with another man, I guess she was never meant to be mine. After all, if we’re destined to be together, no one should be able to snatch her away from me. 
Moreover, he didn’t have time to deal with their relationship because of the company’s ongoing issues he had to tackle. 
Besides, if it weren’t for the long-time collaboration between the Nortons and the Zimmers, he wouldn’t have agreed to tag along with Jessica either. 
“You know what? You need to mind your own business instead of mine! I’ll talk to you again.” 
Staring at his phone after they wrapped up the conversation, Caspian was lost in thought. For some unknown reason, he felt that Larry and Joan had yet to bury the hatchet.
I guess I’ll just have to give Joan a call! 
Caspian made up an excuse. “Hey Joan, Larry asked you to bring him his jacket. It’s getting colder these days.” 
“Huh? Why hasn’t he called me?” Joan replied with her brows arched in confusion. 
“Oh! Larry has asked me to get in touch with you on his behalf because he is occupied with work. He doesn’t even have time for his meals!” 
Is that really the case? Why does it seem like something fishy is going on? Joan stared at the ceiling in confusion, wondering if he was telling the truth. 
In a doubtful tone, she asked, “Are you sure you’re not lying?” 
“No! Since when have I lied to you?” 
Well, Caspian doesn’t seem like a dishonest person. 
Once Joan gathered her thoughts, she wrapped up the conversation. “Alright, I’ll get going immediately.” 
As she made her way there, she was clueless about the events that were about to unfold. 
Jessica asked, “Larry, are you done?” 
Larry’s office was the only place with lights turned on because the rest had returned home since it was way past working hours. 
They decided to spend the night in the office as they would be taking a flight at two o’clock in the morning.
Larry declared while having his eyes glued to the document on his table. “We’ll depart in ten minutes.” 
Sitting on the couch, Jessica was staring at the ceiling, lost in her thoughts. 
Ten minutes later, when the duo walked out of the office and made their way to the entrance, they were shocked.
###Chapter 2226
Chapter 2226 
Larry asked, “Why are you here?” 
A few feet away from them stood Joan with Larry’s jacket in her hand. As her gaze shifted from Larry to Jessica, a glint of despair flashed past her eyes. 
Where are they heading to? What are they up to? Why hasn’t he mentioned anything about the trip? 
“Caspian asked me to bring you your jacket because you told him you were freezing. Here you go. I’ll get going now. Please pay no heed to me.” After she handed his jacket to him, she turned around and was about to leave. 
Her husband stopped her and offered, “Hey! Hold on. It’s getting late. I’ll give you a ride home.” 
He was touched because she had taken the extra miles to send him his jacket during such a frigid night. 
“It’s fine! You should get going already!” Joan sprinted away without a second thought. 
“Ms. Watts!” All of a sudden, Jessica approached Joan. 
Glancing at Larry, she explained, “I think you have misunderstood the situation! We’re merely heading abroad for a work trip!” 
Joan was slightly taken aback by the woman’s response because normally, the latter would have hurl all sorts of mockery at her in such situations. 
“I know you guys have a lot of things to deal with. It’s fine. I’ll be leaving now.”
Joan had fled the scene before Larry could speak because she was afraid that she couldn’t resist the urge to confront the man. 
Although Jessica made it clear that there was nothing going on between them, no woman could stand their husband being with another woman in the middle of the night. On top of that, it had been such a long time since he returned home to see her. 
“What’s wrong, Joan? Why did you head out in the middle of the night? Has something happened?” Delilah queried out of concern. 
Joan tapped on her shoulder and assured, “No, Ms. Young. I only went out for a stroll. Don’t worry about me and go to sleep.” 
“Have you been missing Larry again? Why don’t you give him a call? It’s not a big deal to get into a conflict. After all, youngsters tend to bicker with each other every now and then before patching things up a few days later.” 
But that’s not the case for us. 
I want to let bygones be bygones too and return to the good old days, yet there are just too many obstacles between us. 
“Let’s call it a day. It’s getting really late.” Having said that, Delilah returned to her room. 
Left alone in the living room, Joan slumped against the couch in a daze. 
What’s going on between Larry and Jessica? Where are they going in the middle of the night? 
Overwhelmed by thoughts, she started feeling lightheaded. In the end, she got herself a glass of wine in an attempt to drown her sorrows.
But she only got increasingly upset as she dwelled on the matter the entire night. 
When Lucius was roused from his sleep the next morning, he was shocked by the drunk woman in the living room the moment he walked out of his room. 
He shook the pale and haggard woman’s arm, asking in a quivering voice, “Mom, what’s wrong?” 
As she was unresponsive to him, Lucius yelled, “Mom, why don’t you return to your room?” 
Despite yelling at the top of his lungs, Joan didn’t even flinch, let alone respond to Lucius. 
Meanwhile, Delilah was awoken from her sleep because of the little boy’s yelling. She walked out of her room and asked, “What’s wrong?” 
Lucius asked concernedly, “Grandma, why isn’t Mom answering me?” 
Since there was a bottle of wine on the coffee table, Delilah knew Joan must have gotten herself drunk. 
Delilah instructed, “Don’t worry, Lucius. Get yourself ready for school and get some pocket money from the drawer over there to buy yourself breakfast. I don’t think we have time to prepare anything for you.” 
What’s wrong with her? She’s missing Larry, yet she refuses to admit it. Why can’t she put her dignity aside? 
Shaking the woman on the couch with all her might, Delilah said, “Joan, it’s time to wake up!” 
The drowsy Joan muttered in return, “H-Huh? No! Stay away from me! I need to sleep!”
###Chapter 2227
Chapter 2227 
You shouldn’t have gone out for a stroll in the middle of the night! I don’t get it! Do you enjoy torturing yourself? 
“No! Wake up now!” Delilah made her way to the kitchen after repeating herself. 
Larry needs to reflect upon his actions as well! As a man, shouldn’t he tolerate his wife even though she’s the one at fault? He needs to stop pretending he’s occupied. He has been using the same excuse over and over again! It’s about time for him to return home! 
To be honest, I have no idea what’s going on between the duo! Forget it. I’ll just make myself something to eat! At that thought, the woman in the kitchen started preparing her meal. 
After scanning the surroundings, Jessica murmured, “I’m glad we managed to make it in time. If we had to send Joan home, we might have to take the next available flight because we wouldn’t be able to make it to the airport in time.” 
Larry’s expression darkened instantly. 
Will Joan get jealous after seeing us together last night? 
“What’s bothering you? Have you regretted your decision? If that’s the case, you can still change your mind and make your way back,” Jessica deliberately brought up the suggestion. 
Is that even possible? How can I leave when we have reached our destination? 
“Alright, alright. Just figure out the proper procedure to bring your late parents’ remains back.”
“Actually, I don’t plan to bring them back with me because they once said that they preferred to be buried at sea. My mother had always loved the ocean, and my father would definitely want to keep my mother company,” Jessica shared her plan with Larry. 
Did she sort out everything beforehand? Does that mean she had long decided to let her late parents rest in peace abroad? 
“Shall we get going? The director is still waiting for us.” Jessica walked ahead of Larry once she finished her sentence. 
Everyone in the hospital seemed to be in a great mood with joy written all over their faces, perhaps because of the great weather or their improving condition. 
The director said empathetically, “I have been waiting for you. Here are your parents’ remains. They passed on peacefully and hoped you would move on without them. Jessica, promise me to take good care of yourself. If you want to stay here, you can do so for as long as you like. I’ll treat you as my own daughter.” 
The caring director seemed to be on good terms with the Zimmer family, especially Jessica. 
After Jessica took over the remains of her parents, she answered, “Thanks, I’ll be fine. You don’t have to worry about me.” 
Suddenly, the man next to her asked in disbelief, “Are you sure you’re leaving them here?” 
When the director heard Larry’s question, she interrupted their conversation and said, “Jessica, they would prefer you to bring them back to your country.” 
Jessica asked, “Have you heard them mentioning that?”
“We used to talk about it, and they told me they had to travel abroad because they didn’t have a choice. Therefore, I’m certain they would prefer to have you bring them back.” 
It turns out that they only traveled abroad to avoid unnecessary conflict. Ironically, the cause of the conflict was the termination of the collaboration with Norton Corporation. 
All this shouldn’t have occurred, yet life always has its way to get the better of us. 
“Alright, I’ll keep that in mind,” Jessica replied. 
Larry remained silent as he stood right next to her throughout their conversation. 
Perhaps companion was all she needed. After all, nothing he said could alleviate the grief she felt. It was such a pity that Caspian was grounded in the hospital when Jessica needed him by her side. 
Suddenly, Jessica expressed her gratitude, “Thank you so much for keeping me company and making the trip with me.” 
Deep down, Larry only considered it just another trivial favor that would serve as the foundation of their collaboration in the future. He was certain that she would never give in to fate. Although she might not inherit her father’s business, she would still make a name for herself. 
Humans would resort to all kinds of extreme countermeasures to tackle difficult situations. More often than not, that would also be the time they discovered their limits. 
Jessica asked with a confused look, “Aren’t you afraid of Joan getting jealous if she finds out that you have traveled abroad with me?” 
Is Joan going to be jealous? She’s not going to throw a tantrum over such a trivial matter, is she? I mean, she has always been such an understanding woman.
###Chapter 2228
Chapter 2228 
On top of that, she isn’t in a position to blame me because she hasn’t even explained herself. 
“No,” Larry replied in a determined tone. 
Jessica glanced at him and responded with a satisfied smirk. 
It would be great to have him as a friend. Why am I head over heels in love with Larry again? What’s the reason behind my persistence? Can’t we be friends instead of a couple? She shook her head as she found herself childish. 
On the other hand, Caspian had been staying by her side even after getting turned down over and over again. Never had he once shown signs of leaving her. 
Larry tapped her head and asked, “What’s bothering you?” 
“O-Oh… It’s nothing. Shall we head back? I still have a few things to sort out.” 
What else does she need to do apart from taking care of her parents’ remains? Is it related to her future plan? 
Larry looked at the woman next to him and asked, “What’s your plan from now onwards?” 
“Once I have my parents’ remains buried, I’ll proceed to build a library.” 
He thought it was a great idea. As long as she had something to keep herself occupied, it would be more than enough. 
It would take a long time for Jessica to make a name for herself in the corporate world because of her character. Therefore, establishing a library was a great alternative that would enable her to live a
relatively simple yet fulfilling life. 
At that thought, he suddenly felt that she had transformed into a different person overnight. 
Perhaps she had considered the options available since a long time ago, but she refused to embrace the truth, just like she couldn’t deal with her parents’ death until Caspian brought it up. 
He tapped on her shoulder and offered, “If there’s anything you need, feel free to get in touch with me. I’ll definitely try my best to offer you my aid.” 
“Yes, I do need your help, but not for the time being. Don’t worry. I have a few reliable cousins as well. I’ll gather the capitals I need from them…” she shared her upcoming plan with him. 
She turned out to be a relatively simple-minded woman who was oblivious to the unspoken rules of society. It was a cruel world—most of her relatives had distanced themselves from her after they figured out her parents had passed on. In other words, she should consider herself lucky if she could gather twenty thousand in total from them. 
Once Larry took everything into consideration, he offered, “I’ll invest in your upcoming project.” 
Nah, it’s obvious that he’s merely trying to do me a favor. To begin with, he doesn’t even need this additional revenue stream. On top of that, he is already occupied with his own work. 
“Why? Do you need a place to chill? Please hang out somewhere else because I don’t think my library is the right spot for you.” 
“If that’s the case, feel free to approach me if you encounter any hardship. Since our families have been collaborating over the years, I consider you a close friend of mine. I’ll help you if you need anything from me.” The usual indifferent expression on Larry’s face was replaced by a benevolent one.
He knew she was a kind-hearted woman with a relatively straightforward mindset. In contrast to her ostentatious image, she was calm and collected deep down. All this while, she had been putting on a different front to conceal her emotions. 
In the meantime, Caspian, who was in the yard of the hospital, looked up at the sky in a daze. 
Why hasn’t Larry or Jessica shown up over the past two days? Have they been hanging out together? Where could they be? Balling his fists, a cold glint flashed across the man’s eyes. 
Right then, Joan showed up and tapped on his shoulder, asking in a gentle tone, “Hey, what’s bothering you?” 
Thrilled by her presence, he asked, “Hey Joan! What brings you here today?” 
“Hmm? Am I not supposed to drop by and visit you?” 
“No, I’m just afraid of interrupting your time. Who knows if you have a hectic schedule, right?”
###Chapter 2229
Chapter 2229 
The duo engaged in a conversation in the yard for a short while before making their way back to Caspian’s ward. 
Once Caspian returned to the ward, he was irked by the lingering stench of disinfectant. 
Joan broke the silence with a question, “Caspian, can I ask you something?” 
He held his chest high and assured her, “What is it about, Joan? You need to stop being so distant and just share your concerns with me. I’ll try my best to answer your queries, and your secrets are safe with me.” 
Looking him in the eye, she asked after rephrasing her sentences with the appropriate choice of words, “Why is Jessica constantly showing up around you and Larry?” 
Huh? How am I supposed to answer this? I can’t possibly tell her that Jessica has a thing for Larry and is trying to court him, can I? Nope! That will break Joan’s heart. Besides, the feelings aren’t even mutual. Larry merely considers Jessica just another friend of his! 
“She’s the daughter of the most influential domestic manufacturer. You’re aware of the issues Norton Corporation has to tackle these days, aren’t you?” 
Caspian had always been a man of few words, yet he had gone to great lengths to explain their relationship. Thus, Joan was sure that something fishy was going on between Larry and Jessica. 
“Caspian, I know you’re trying to defend Larry, and I don’t blame you since you’re obliged to do so. However, our relationship will only worsen if I can’t sort out the misunderstanding between us. I don’t mind turning a blind eye on their relationship, so please tell me the truth.”
She disliked being deceived the most because it would only make things worse than it already was. 
As Larry’s wife, she had to figure out how he actually felt toward Jessica. Although she was reluctant to file for divorce, she might have to make the call if things got to the point of no return. Perhaps that was the only viable solution left. 
“Joan, you need to stop overthinking things because nothing’s going on between them. Jessica has a crush on him, but you’re the only one Larry cares for. In fact, he has turned her down more than once. Don’t worry. Things will turn out just fine for you and Larry.” 
Caspian ended up telling Joan the truth because he didn’t want to lie to her. He was the type of person who usually behaved indifferently and only showed his mischievous side in front of a selected few. 
Is that all? If he doesn’t have a thing for her, why was he with her last night? Where have they been? 
Not only did he leave Caspian alone in the hospital, but he’s also nowhere to be seen in the company. What about the woman’s disappearance? It can’t all be a mere coincidence, right? Something fishy is going on. Have they eloped? Colors drained from Joan’s face at that thought. 
Caspian noticed that she had turned pale. Concerned, he asked, “Joan, are you okay? You don’t look that good. Are you not feeling well?” 
“Has Larry mentioned anything about what he has been up to lately?” Joan probed further in a barely audible voice. 
“He’s busy dealing with the company’s ongoing issues after the termination of the collaboration with the domestic manufacturer some time ago.” 
“Why isn’t he in his office? Jessica hasn’t dropped by to deliver him his breakfast either!”
What does Joan mean? Is she indicating that they have eloped? Is that possible? I think she’s overthinking things again. Larry will never agree to elope with Jessica since he doesn’t have a thing for her. 
Smiling, Caspian rebuked, “Maybe he’s out for another meeting with a client.” 
Forget it. Caspian doesn’t seem to know their whereabouts. After she made up her mind to stop interrogating the innocent man, the emotions she had been holding back came flooding out. 
She had never once doubted the man, yet he ended up hurting her again and again. 
Maybe change is just an inevitable part of human nature. All the pledges and promises seem so ironic because no one can possibly remain loyal to their spouse when we’re all beings driven by our desires!
###Chapter 2230
Chapter 2230 
Ring! 
Joan’s phone rang, and she immediately reached for it. She was, however, met with an unwelcome sight. 
“Caspian, you went overseas with Larry just a while ago, right?” Joan asked softly. 
“Yes, didn’t Larry tell you about it? He probably forgot to tell you because he was too busy. We were only overseas for a short while,” Caspian answered. 
Really? Then why didn’t he at least tell me about it? And he went overseas with that Jessica? 
Larry and Jessica were depicted in a variety of intimate poses in the photos. There was a lot of hugging and hair-stroking; they could’ve easily been mistaken as a real couple. 
“Why did Jessica go on the trip too?” Joan asked. 
How did she know about Jessica? Caspian looked at Joan suspiciously. 
“Joan, why do you know about this? Jessica’s always loved to travel, thanks to her wealthy background. That’s why she tagged along. Nothing happened on the trip, I swear. You’re just overthinking. We’re all just friends,” Caspian explained in a hurry. 
Looks like Larry really didn’t tell Joan a thing about his trip. Joan knew that the Norton Corporation had successfully signed an agreement with one of the biggest manufacturing companies overseas. She was, however, clueless about the specifics of the deal. 
“What if Larry and I get divorced one day?” Joan asked shakily.
Huh? Why is she talking about divorce? Why would they want to go their separate ways after fighting through the ups and downs together? 
They’ve gone through all those tough times, and they even have a kid together now. They should be enjoying their time together now that Gabriella’s finally gone too. So why is she thinking of divorce? 
“Joan, what are you saying? You and Larry are the best couple I’ve ever known. Don’t worry about all those women trying to gain his favor; you’re the only woman in his eyes. Plus, I’ll always be keeping my eye on him. He’s really just drowning in work these few days, so he forgot to tell you some things. Just wait and see; I’m sure he’ll tell you about the trip soon enough,” Caspian said. 
Really? Then why did they go overseas together again? And why did they keep it from Caspian? 
“Then did you know that they went overseas together?” Joan cut in. 
Caspian flinched on his hospital bed before collecting himself. 
“Of course I did. Larry’s a busy person, so it’s normal for him to be traveling a lot.” Caspian turned his head to the side and avoided Joan’s gaze. He didn’t seem too confident with his answer. 
Joan knew Caspian too well, and his reaction told her everything she needed to know. 
“If Larry was overseas purely for business purposes, why did Jessica have to tag along? He has an assistant for that, right?” Joan asked. 
Caspian didn’t know how to answer her question. In all honesty, he didn’t know about Jessica’s presence during the trip. 
“Alright, Joan. You shouldn’t worry too much. Just trust Larry. He really loves you.”
I bet he loves me so much he totally forgot about me and even found someone to replace me! Joan scoffed, though her eyes were full of sorrow. 
Women are sensitive creatures when it comes to relationships. 
She was curious about the sender of those incriminating photos. What do they stand to gain from this? 
“Joan, did you find out about something?” Caspian probed her curiously. 
Joan would never say something this pessimistic unless she knows about something. 
“I know that Larry and Jessica went overseas together, but I don’t know where they went or what they did. Here, look at these.” She passed her phone to Caspian.
###Chapter 2231
Chapter 2231 
These are photos of Larry and Jessica at the airport. But why did they travel together? For a holiday? Larry’s so busy all the time, how could he suddenly take a holiday? Plus, he would definitely tell me, right? 
“Don’t worry, Joan. We can ask Larry about it when he’s back,” Caspian explained in embarrassment. 
Is that really necessary though? Joan pondered. 
If he told me earlier, I wouldn’t have assumed these things of him. Yet he didn’t say a single word to me or Caspian. How am I supposed to trust him? 
“It’s fine. I’m heading back now. You should get some rest. Call me if there’s anything. I’ll be back in the evening to bring you dinner.” Joan left the ward soon after. 
Why must the truth be so cruel? Is my life so easily trifled with? Joan sniffed as she left the hospital. 
She wandered absentmindedly across the busy road. Countless cars honked at her while drivers shouted at her careless behavior. She appeared to be lost in her own thoughts as she ambled along. Her eyes seemed utterly lifeless. 
“Hey, Joan!” At the other side of the road, a man was shouting at her. 
Joan didn’t react at all. 
At the sight of a huge lorry bearing down on her, the man reached out and pulled her into his arms. 
“Hey, what are you doing? There are so many cars around! Do you have any idea how dangerous that was?” Caiden told her off while stroking her hair worriedly.
“Huh? There were cars?” Joan answered weakly. 
What’s wrong with her? Why does she look like her soul just left her body? Did she fight with Larry? Did Larry scold her? That can’t be, right? Larry literally treats her like the moon and the stars. He wouldn’t upset her like this. 
“What happened? Why are you acting so carelessly with your life?” Caiden demanded. 
“Nothing. I’m just tired, so I wasn’t paying attention to the cars,” Joan answered while shrugging. 
Lies! I know she’s acting like this because she’s upset. I can see right through her. 
“You’re really going to pull this act with me? I know exactly how you feel. Come on. I’ll buy you a meal.” Caiden dragged her with him. 
“Hey, I’m not going with you. I want to go home and rest!” Joan whined. 
Is she dumb? You should treat yourself to a nice meal if you’re upset. No matter how moody you are, you shouldn’t let yourself starve! And what’s the use of sleeping anyway? Once you’re up, you’ll feel upset two minutes later once you’ve remembered what’s happened. 
“Sleeping is useless. I’ll tell you now that it doesn’t solve anything. Trust me; good food is the best medicine for an upset woman,” Caiden coaxed her as he brushed her hair. 
“Don’t touch me. People might get the wrong idea.” She shrugged off his hand. 
“Why do you care so much about how people look at you? Shouldn’t you just do whatever makes you happy? Since the day you made a meal for me, you’ve been so careful about keeping others in the dark about us meeting. Are you avoiding me because you’re scared of a scandal? Well, when are you going to stop running away from me?” Caiden goaded.
He needs me to tell him what he’s done? This stupid jerk’s done so many questionable things that I’ve had trouble explaining myself to Larry. 
“Why should I avoid you? It’s not like I’m successful anyway,” Joan muttered. 
Well, she’s right. I’m not going to let her get away from me, no matter which corner of the Earth she has run off to! Even if she chooses Larry in the end, I won’t have any regrets. 
“Joan, I like you a lot!” Caiden blurted.
###Chapter 2232
Chapter 2232 
Huh? What is he saying? We’re in public, for god’s sake! 
“Hey, cut the crap. This isn’t your house or the hospital. There are a lot of people around.” Joan patted his elbow lightly. 
How cute of her. Since when does love require a time or place? I can express my love anywhere I want. But I know she can’t accept me now, especially since she’s still married. 
“Why? Shocked at what I said? Come on, let’s go get a meal.” 
The restaurant they visited was crowded. People were dining elegantly, and there was a delicate scent of roses in the air. Soothing music completed its warm ambiance. 
“Would you like some red wine? Coffee?” Caiden asked softly as he stared at the woman seated across him. 
“Red-, erm, I’ll just have a coffee,” Joan stumbled over her words. 
Why didn’t she just order the red wine if she wanted it? Perplexed, Caiden stared at her. 
“Why did you change your mind about the wine?” 
“I don’t want to get drunk,” Joan answered honestly. 
She had gotten drunk during her visit to the nightclub with Dustin. They even spent a night in a hotel, causing a huge misunderstanding with Larry. She didn’t want to make such a thoughtless mistake again. 
“I’m here, so it’s fine. Don’t worry about getting drunk.” Caiden’s lips curved as he reassured her.
Pfft! I should be avoiding alcohol because he’s here. Dustin’s a gentleman, but I’m not so sure about Caiden. 
“Nah, I’m not in the mood for drinks. Just get me the coffee,” she replied lightly. 
She really has a unique taste, huh. I didn’t know you needed to be in the mood to drink. 
“Come on, tell me why you were walking around like a lifeless zombie just now.” Caiden shot straight to the point. 
Lifeless zombie? Wasn’t I perfectly normal? I should be asking him why he suddenly appeared there. 
“It was nothing. I just had a rough night,” Joan fobbed him off with an excuse. 
“Why? Larry didn’t come home last night? You should keep a closer eye on him. Men tend to have a roving eye when they’re at this stage in life.” Caiden seemed to provoke her with his words. 
“Cut the crap. Just mind your own business,” Joan rebuked. 
Huh, she looks cute even when she’s angry. Caiden’s lips curved up teasingly. 
“Hey Joan, I have a question,” he said softly. 
Joan answered him without even lifting her head. “Spit it out, I’m in a rush to get home.” 
“What if you and Larry get divorced one day? What are you going to do then? I’m not trying to curse you or anything. I’m just curious,” Caiden asked somewhat coyly. 
“Why do you want to know?” Joan spoke carefully while she stirred her coffee.
I don’t have the time to think about this now. Larry and I have a lot of baggage between us after being together for such a long time. If we don’t solve them ASAP, even a casual conversation will soon become a luxury. Though maybe Caiden’s right. Divorce is inevitable. 
Caiden’s heart suddenly ached at the sight of her pallor. He desperately wanted to know if he was an option in her life if she ever got divorced. 
“I’m just curious. Come on, don’t leave me hanging.” 
Joan had never once thought of what she would do if she ever divorced Larry. Back when Gabriella was still tormenting her, she had entertained the idea of divorce briefly, though she had never planned for anything beyond that. 
Maybe I’ll just live a quiet life. Work hard and spend time with Delilah and Lucius. Who knows, I might even get my old motivation back and chase after those dreams I never accomplished.
###Chapter 2233
Chapter 2233 
Humans are fickle-minded creatures, after all, especially women. 
“I don’t know. I’ll think about it next time,” Joan answered impassively. 
Why isn’t she angry? She would have bitten my head off if I had asked her this question in the past. Yet, she’s answering me so seriously right now. Is something really wrong between her and Larry? Caiden stared at her suspiciously. 
“Joan, are you and Larry ok?” he asked. 
“Of course we are. Why wouldn’t we be?” she replied lightly while sipping on her coffee. 
She’s lying! She always looks nervous whenever she lies. 
Suddenly, Caiden’s lips curved up slyly. He had expected Joan and Larry to break up eventually, but he didn’t think it would actually happen this soon. Really, I must thank Larry for going overseas with Jessica. He’s given me the golden ticket. 
Just wait, Larry. Some day, Joan’s going to leave you for me. You can just lick your wounds in a corner with Jessica! 
There was a devilish gaze in Caiden’s eyes. 
“Hey, what are you thinking about? You look really pleased with yourself,” Joan commented. 
“Ah? Oh, it’s nothing.” Caiden quickly regained his composure as he took a sip of his wine. “Do you want some? Since you’re not doing anything later, a little sip won’t hurt.” 
Joan hesitated as she stared at the glass of ruby red wine.
I do wish I could forget my problems with a glass of wine. I guess that’s why they call it “drowning your sorrows.” But no, I shouldn’t! 
“Nah, you can just drink it yourself.” Joan shook her head. 
They continued dining in awkward silence. Joan wasn’t in the mood for conversation, and Caiden didn’t want to bring up matters that would upset her further. 
“I’m going home now. It’s late, and I still need to prepare some food for Caspian. I’m worried that he’s alone in the hospital,” Joan explained. 
Why is she so worried about that bodyguard? She’s just going to ignore me? I’m the most eligible bachelor she’s ever going to find! 
Caiden sighed but didn’t reply. 
Ten minutes later, Joan got up and left the restaurant. 
Caiden wanted to send her home, but she refused. She didn’t want others to spread rumors about their relationship. 
Caiden seemed lost as he stared at Joan’s disappearing figure. Why doesn’t she care about me? Is she really not worried about me at all? 
His heart suddenly sank. 
Caiden didn’t know that Joan had been worried about him shortly after his discharge from the hospital. But after seeing him today, she could tell he was living well enough. There was no need to concern herself over his wellbeing. 
“You’re back. Come, let’s eat,” Delilah said.
“Ms. Young, you should go ahead. I’m not eating with you. I need to prepare some food for Caspian. There’s no one looking after him in the hospital,” Joan answered. 
“Why can’t Larry do it? Oh, what about that other woman?” Delilah asked in a hurry. 
“They’re both not here. Maybe they’re busy.” Joan darted into the kitchen. 
Delilah’s gaze darkened. Why were they both absent at the hospital? Did they go out together? I knew that Jessica wasn’t some simpleton. 
“Joan, why are you taking care of Caspian in the hospital when your own husband’s so busy at work all the time? You haven’t even dropped by to visit him, yet here you are rushing to bring home-cooked meals for Caspian. Sometimes I really wonder what’s going on in that head of yours.”
###Chapter 2234
Chapter 2234 
Delilah wanted to provoke Joan and remind her of her love for Larry. 
What else could be on my mind? I’ve only been hoping for Caspian’s recovery and thinking about Larry’s “busy” days at work. Who knew it would all boil down to this. 
“Ms. Young, Lucius, please have your dinner. I’ll be back soon. Don’t you worry.” Joan left the house with a few containers of food. 
“Grandma, what’s Mommy doing? Why is she in a rush?” Lucius asked. 
“Oh, your Dad’s friend is injured. She needs to take care of him.” 
“Oh. What about Daddy? He hasn’t been home in so long. When is he coming home? I miss him so much,” Lucius asked as he stared forlornly at Delilah. 
Delilah sighed and gave him a nugget. 
I don’t know when Larry’s going to come home or if Larry and Joan’s relationship will ever be the same again. 
“Hey, Larry. Where’d you go?” Caspian asked worriedly. 
There’ll be hell to pay if he isn’t back yet. 
“Why? Is something wrong?” Larry asked. 
“Nothing. I just wanted to know where you were. The situation with Joan is not looking great.” 
Ah.
“I got it. I’ll be at the hospital tonight.” Larry hung up. 
She doesn’t know, right? Even Caspian doesn’t know about this. I didn’t tell her, so she shouldn’t suspect a thing. 
A hint of regret flashed through Larry’s eyes. I should’ve told her from the start. 
“What’s going on?” Jessica asked from beside him. 
“Nothing, let’s go,” Larry replied. 
They got off the plane when it was already dark outside. Jessica seemed nervous at her surroundings. 
“You can head home first. I’m going to the hospital,” Larry announced. 
“I’ll go with you,” Jessica said in a rush. Home? Do I even have a home anymore? 
Larry didn’t protest, knowing he wouldn’t be able to convince her. As he drove to the hospital, however, he couldn’t help the guilt that threatened to overwhelm him. 
I need to explain all this to Joan. 
“Hey, what’s going on? Are you ok?” Jessica nudged his elbow in concern. 
“It’s fine.” 
The car descended into an awkward atmosphere. 
Something must be up, or he wouldn’t look so moody. Did Joan find out? But what else would she do if she found out? Shouldn’t they trust each other if their love is true? Maybe Joan threw a fit at Larry. That’s quite petty of her, then.
Fewer people were milling around the hospital at his hour. The atmosphere was silent. Even the nurses and doctors took great care to take quiet breaks. 
“How is it? Is it good? I made it myself,” Joan said as she kept the containers. 
“Joan, I’m really not pulling your leg, but this is the best food I’ve ever tasted in my life! It’s even better than anything I’ve eaten at a Michelin starred restaurant!” Caspian praised. 
He wanted to cheer her up and get her mind off Larry and Jessica. The two of them had never engaged in a romantic relationship. It would be a pity if she suspected Larry of cheating on her. 
“Ok, you can lay off the praises now. I’ll cook for you more often if you really want it,” Joan replied. 
“I can’t trouble you like that, Joan. Larry’s going to be pissed at me if he knows you’re cooking me for every day,” Caspian retorted. 
Joan’s heart sank. Would he really? I don’t think so. Isn’t he enjoying the company of another woman now? That woman’s younger than me, prettier than me, and has a great personality. She talks like a Disney princess. How can I compete with someone like that?
###Chapter 2235
Chapter 2235 
Joan scoffed at Caspian’s words. She looked unhappy. 
“Joan, it’s late. You should go home soon. You’re going to have a hard time hailing a cab. Larry’s going to be back really soon. I’m sure he’ll explain everything to you,” Caspian stated determinedly. He hoped Larry didn’t ruin the opportunity he had so carefully laid for him. 
“I know. I’ll get going then. I’ll be here again tomorrow.” 
“Yup. Don’t worry about it. You don’t have to come here every day, you know. I’m feeling great!” 
Caspian sounded nonchalant but in reality, his whole body was in tremendous pain. 
Joan already knew of Caspian’s bullheadedness. He’d never show his weaknesses in front of others. It’s one of the reasons I respect him so much. 
“Ok, stop moving around. You don’t have to pretend you’re okay. I’m leaving.” Joan pushed open the doors of the ward. 
She was stunned at the two visitors outside the ward. 
“Oh, you’re back. Caspian’s inside, the two of you can visit him now. I’m going home.” Joan made a move to leave. 
“Wait!” Larry shouted. 
“I’m just saying a few words to Caspian. Wait for me. I’ll send you home,” he added. 
“No need. You haven’t seen each other in days, so I’m sure you have a lot to catch up on. I won’t disturb you then. Bye.”
She left the hospital without a backward glance. 
Joan had never thought a scene this dramatic would ever happen to her. She wasn’t blind; she could tell that Larry and Jessica had just returned from overseas. 
Did they go on a honeymoon? Or a romantic holiday? Could it actually be official business? Not like that’s got anything to do with me. Whatever Larry does has nothing to do with me anymore. It’s not like I can even help him with anything in the first place. 
“Oh, you’re back?” Caspian grunted. 
Shocked at his rude tone, Jessica managed to collect herself quickly. Did he know what Larry and I did overseas? 
“How are you coping? Are you feeling ok?” Jessica asked gently as she sat down beside his bed. 
“Yeah, I’m feeling great. There’s nothing for me to do anyway. I’m having the time of my life here,” Caspian said sarcastically. 
I can hear the jealousy oozing out of his words. Larry smirked. 
“It’s just a few days. It hasn’t been that long,” Larry answered. 
“Larry, don’t you think a few days is a long time? What’s wrong with you?” Caspian shouted impassionedly. I guess he really likes Jessica. 
Larry smiled, though there was no visible reaction from Jessica. 
Maybe she doesn’t like Caspian? She probably hasn’t realized her own feelings for him yet.
“Jessica, it’s really late. You should go back now. It’s not good for a woman to be out alone at such a late hour,” Caspian advised, though Jessica had no plans to go home. 
Larry turned to Jessica. “You should get a hotel room tonight.” 
After some more small talk, Jessica left the ward, leaving Caspian and Larry alone. 
“Larry, Joan found out about your overseas trip,” Caspian said quietly. 
“I know.” Larry had guessed as much and was mentally preparing himself for the potential fallout. Some things are just too hard to explain. 
“You should have a long talk with Joan. She’s really upset. By the way, Joan has photos of you and Jessica together on her phone. There were photos from both of your overseas trips.” 
Meanwhile, Caiden and Joan had met up in a café. 
“Joan, are you ok?” Caiden asked. 
“Yea,” she replied indifferently.
###Chapter 2236
Chapter 2236 
It was a gloomy look on her face, and Caiden found himself feeling upset. Is Larry that important to her? That thought itself made his eyes dull. 
“Why are you looking for me?” Joan asked as she raised her head to look at the person opposite her. 
“Oh, it’s nothing, really. It’s just that it’s been some time since we’ve met, so I missed you,” he mumbled as he scratched the back of his head. 
The truth was, every passing day without her by his side, he missed her. It was only that day he could not bear not seeing her anymore, and that was why he called to see her. 
“If there isn’t anything, let’s not meet anymore. I have work,” Joan softly replied. 
The job at the supermarket? That was where Caiden was stumped. He could not wrap his head around why she would work at an ordinary job in a small village supermarket. She’s clearly a talented woman. As long as she wants it, she can get a job a hundred times better than this one. 
“Joan, would you like to be my assistant? I’m currently looking for an assistant,” Caiden suggested in a serious tone. 
She probably won’t agree to it. it took me ages to get her to agree to meet me when I called her earlier. If she has to spend time with me all day, she’d probably go mad. 
“No thanks. I’m not interested in becoming your assistant. My job at the supermarket is pretty nice. It’s not tiring nor hectic, and my friends are all there,” Joan rejected. 
Naturally, she did not want to have too much contact with Caiden. If rumors about her spread again, Joan was sure she would not be able to stay in the village anymore.
“What are you afraid of? You and Larry are husband and wife. Don’t you have basic trust? Is it that odd to spend time with me? Moreover, it’s not like there’s anything between us,” Caiden blurted out. 
He’s right, but it doesn’t mean I cannot care about everything. Moreover, there are too many things at stake here. 
A while back, rumors had spread when Caiden, Joan, and Lucius had participated in the school’s field trip. If she were not to keep a distance from him, the other would assume the worst. 
“Caiden, don’t you think that we’re from completely different worlds? I’m a married woman with a son and a husband. I’m not like you. You can do anything you like, but not me. I have to take into consideration many things,” Joan responded. 
She hoped that the man could put himself in her shoes and stop meeting her. Exhaustion was catching up to her, and sometimes, she found it hard to breathe under the weight of life. 
“How are we different? You’re Joan, and I’m Caiden. What’s wrong with Caiden liking Joan? What’s wrong with Joan not liking Caiden? None of these are wrong. What’s wrong is the timing,” Caiden bellowed in the midst of his agitation, and it shocked her. 
She did not want to listen to those words; she hated the man for saying such foolish things. 
“Stop. I’ve made it clear that it’s impossible for the two of us. I only think of you as my junior,” Joan asserted as she shook her head. 
Caiden sneered. As expected, she still hasn’t accepted me. I still have no place in her heart. 
“Okay. You cannot like me, and I won’t force you to. But at the very least, can’t we be friends?” Caiden murmured, hope shining in his eyes.
Can we? Even Joan herself was lost. She was afraid of Larry getting jealous, and she was afraid of something happening in the future. 
Sometimes, a woman would overthink a matter, but it was not because they were sensitive; it was because they were cautious. 
“We can be normal friends,” came Joan’s reply. 
It was evident that she was rejecting Caiden. 
He probably understands what I mean, right? Despite that thought, Joan had a look of doubt on her face as she studied the man.
###Chapter 2237
Chapter 2237 
“My, who’s this?” A familiar voice sounded out. 
“Why are you here?” Caiden hissed. 
“What’s the matter? Why can’t I be here? This café isn’t yours anyway,” Noelle retorted. 
He’s still in contact with this woman? Is there something wrong with Caiden? 
Noelle scoffed. Wait. Doesn’t he like Ms. Young? Why is he meeting Joan? What’s going on? Has he changed his mind? 
“Oh? Caiden, why aren’t you looking for Ms. Young?” Noelle deliberately voiced. 
Has this girl lost her mind? Why would I look for Ms. Young? All Caiden did was shoot her a silent glare. 
“What’s wrong? You’re quick to change girlfriends, huh? I remember Ms. Young taking care of you when you were in the hospital. In fact, the two of you seemed close,” Noelle continued while looking at Joan from the corner of her eyes. 
Joan knew what the other woman was trying to do. Back then, Caiden and Delilah were only putting on a show to get rid of Noelle. 
“What are you talking about? This has nothing to do with you, so leave!” Caiden snarled. 
He’s angry? Whatever he said was whatever she would never do. She sat down on the couch beside him before tilting her head and looking at him in admiration. 
“What are you doing?” the man questioned.
“Nothing. I just miss you, so I’d like to watch you quietly. It’s fine; you can keep chatting with her. I won’t make a sound nor disrupt the two of you,” Noelle muttered with a smile. 
While it was true that she had not disrupted them, the atmosphere had turned tense. 
The words in Caiden’s mind escaped him, and since Joan had nothing to say to him, she was silent as well. 
“What’s wrong with the two of you? Why are you both spacing out? Weren’t you having a great talk before I came? Why are the two of you mute now? Are you feeling shy because I’m here? It’s all right. I’m a young one too, so I get it,” Noelle voiced. 
What does she get? If she really gets it, she should’ve left a hundred years ago. Why is she prolonging her unwelcomed stay here? 
“Your brother’s been looking for you recently, so it’s best that you go home,” was Caiden’s response. 
Stupid man. He even involved my brother in his lies. At that moment, disdain was in Noelle’s eyes as she looked at him. 
“What are you talking about, Caiden? I’ve just come from my brother’s place. How can he possibly be looking for me?” 
Oh my god. This girl’s really trying to make things difficult for me. 
In the end, they parted ways unhappily. As Noelle’s appearance had made the atmosphere tense between Caiden and Joan, Caiden was furious. 
“Why did you go there?” Caiden questioned, irritated. 
Please. It’s just a coincidence. You were the ones who came to the café I always frequent.
“Caiden, I never thought you were there,” Noelle drawled. 
But so what if I did? I’d still go there. 
By then, Noelle had realized what happened between Caiden and Delilah was just an act. The one he had a crush on was Joan, and there was no way her conclusion was wrong. How dare he play tricks like these? He’s really looking down on my intellect, isn’t he? 
“Fine. You should go home. I’m going home as well,” Caiden curtly said. 
He’s chasing me away? Why? That house isn’t just his. No way am I going back! 
“Let’s go back together to find my brother,” Noelle answered with a grin. 
“Your brother isn’t at home. It’s been a long time since he has come to my place.” 
Caiden just did not want her to go to his place; he did not want her to cause any trouble again. 
In fact, he wished he would never see her again. Out of sight, out of mind. As long as she did not appear in his line of sight, he would probably get to live longer.
###Chapter 2238
Chapter 2238 
“I still want to go there. My brother has called to tell me that he’ll be going to your place.” 
She’s just doing this on purpose! Gloom veiled across his eyes when he turned to look at her. What sins have I committed in my past life to meet a hellcat like her? 
In the living room, Joan sat on the couch in a daze. Her eyes were fixed on the ceiling above her. 
What’s Larry doing now? Will he come back tonight? Who is he with now? What is Jessica doing? How close is Jessica and he now? 
Thousands of questions were whirling in Joan’s mind. 
“Hey, what are you thinking about?” Delilah asked as she walked over. 
What can I think about? Why would I think about anyone other than my husband? Joan sighed as a flicker of sadness danced past her eyes. 
“It feels horrible for me to watch the two of you. One is passive, and the other refused to come home. You don’t even have a chance to communicate. Why can’t the two of you make time and have a good chat?” Delilah urged anxiously. 
What is there to talk about? Should we talk about what’s going on between Jessica and him? Should we talk about Caiden and me? Joan lost herself in her thoughts again. 
Abruptly, curiosity overtook her. When did my life change? Did it change the moment Caiden appeared in my life? Or did it change when Jessica appeared?
“All right, don’t think about it anymore. It’s not going to help you. Hurry up. Lucius will be done with his school in a bit, so it’s time to cook. Larry might be home for dinner tonight,” Delilah reminded. 
Really? Is he finally coming back? All of a sudden, excitement traveled across her body. It had been eons since she had the opportunity to enjoy that man’s hug. At that very moment, she yearned for his touch. 
“Look at that smile on your face. You really have to resolve this misunderstanding between the two of you tonight; no one can help you.” With that said, Delilah left the living room. 
Time ticked away. The boy was back from school, and the sky was gradually darkening. Yet, there were still no signs of Larry. 
“Mom, is Dad coming home for dinner?” asked Lucius when he walked out of the room. 
“In a while, Lucius. He might be back in a while,” Joan whispered, her fingers running through his hair. 
“I should call Daddy.” At that, Lucius moved, about to grab his phone. 
“No need. I’m back,” came Larry’s voice as he reached out to lift the boy into his arms. 
“Dad, you’re finally back! I thought you weren’t going to come home tonight again! I missed you so much!” 
At the sight of the father and son’s interaction, something warm seeped into Joan’s heart. 
“Ms. Young, it’s time for dinner,” Joan yelled from the dining room. 
At the table, the family of four enjoyed their appetizing meal. However, there was something strange about the atmosphere, and everyone could sense it. 
“Mom, why aren’t you talking?” Lucius suddenly said.
Joan’s head snapped up as she awkwardly glanced at the boy in front of her. 
“What’s the matter? Why do I have to speak while we’re eating?” she queried instead. 
“But, Mom, you didn’t do this before today.” 
Lucius was right. In the past, Joan tended to nag and rant about nutritious foods. Yet that day, she was silent, and it made Lucius perplexed. 
“All right. Eat your food quickly. Don’t you have homework to do?” Joan said as she placed a meatball on Lucius’ plate. 
Are Mom and Dad fighting? The boy’s gaze flitted between Larry and Joan. It was clear to his eyes that the two adults looked ill-at-ease. 
Abruptly, Lucius uttered, “Grandma, did you know this? My deskmate cried today.” 
Delilah went along with the boy and replied, “I don’t. Why?” 
She knew Lucius must have a plan in mind. 
“It’s because his parents were fighting, and apparently, it’s really bad. I heard him say his mom and dad haven’t been talking for three whole days. He’s extremely unhappy about it,” Lucius replied.
###Chapter 2239
Chapter 2239 
Dear me. The little boy’s getting smarter and smarter. He’s even spinning tales to trick his parents now. 
“My deskmate’s afraid that his parents will divorce. If that happens, he doesn’t know who he should go with,” Lucius continued. 
When Joan heard his words, an invisible hand wrapped itself tightly around her heart. On the other hand, Larry knew the boy was doing this deliberately. 
“Joan, eat more. You’ve grown skinnier,” Larry suddenly said, much to Lucius and Delilah’s delight. 
Dad’s quite a big-hearted man. No matter whether Mom has made a mistake or not, and no matter the mistake Mom makes, he’ll still make the first move to reconciliation. 
Lucius sighed in relief before returning to his food. 
“Huh? Oh. You too. You should eat more too. You’ve been working overtime quite often recently. It must be tiring for you. Here, have more meat.” With that said, Joan took two pieces of meatballs and placed them onto Larry’s bowl. 
“Mom, you’re biased! You only gave me one meatball earlier, but you’ve given Dad two! I knew it. You love Dad more than you love me. In fact, you don’t love me at all,” Lucius huffed, seemingly jealous. 
It was all just an act to make the atmosphere less tense. 
Meanwhile, Delilah, who was beside them, had a wide grin on her face. “My dear grandson. Aren’t you a bright boy?”
Larry swiftly took the opportunity to explain, “Joan, there are some things I’d like to talk to you about. There isn’t anything between Jessica and me. A while ago, some accident happened to her parents overseas.” 
Oh. So that’s what happened? I didn’t know. A sense of guilt rushed up Joan’s chest. He didn’t do anything to wrong me, but I’ve been doubting him the entire time. Have I gone overboard? 
“What about you? Are you not going to explain what’s going on between you, Caiden, and Dustin?” Larry softly asked as he pinched her cheek. 
They had to thank Lucius for giving them the opportunity to talk. 
The boy’s words had been a hammer to their hearts. Although they were suspicious about each other, and they did not even want to bother with each other, Lucius’ words made them put aside their dignity and began rekindling their relationship. 
“Caiden’s my junior, and he’s my savior. Something happened to him a while back, and no one took care of him while he was in the hospital. He doesn’t have the best of relationship with his family, and he had some grudges with his mother. He doesn’t have friends either, and that’s why I took care of him instead. As for Dustin… What happened that time was just an accident,” Joan quietly explained. 
At the end of the day, the two were still rational; neither of them disrupted each other while they explained. 
Joan felt as though it had been ages since she had chatted with him while lying in his arms. Closing her eyes, a wave of satisfaction washed over her. I hope this lasts forever. 
“But Caiden always liked you. Isn’t that so?” Larry suddenly said.
That’s right. That man is tough to get rid of. He’s still young, so he’s easily blinded by love. It’s just a pity for Noelle, who has been waiting for him for so long to no avail. 
But I’m sure that if she’s determined enough, Caiden will realize how good she is. 
“But the one I love is you, Larry. You have to remember that no matter what the others say and treat me, I only have you in my heart,” Joan murmured before kissing the man’s cheek. 
Her words moved Larry, and his grip around her waist tightened. 
I knew it. She won’t betray me. It seems like I’ve been too selfish to have doubted her. 
“What are you talking about? You were equally angry back then. Honestly, you look cute when you’re jealous, but I was quite sad when you were angry,” Joan mumbled.
###Chapter 2240
Chapter 2240 
Guilt abruptly flooded Larry. How could I have doubted her? We’ve been through thick and thin, and I knew she loved me… 
“Joan, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have doubted you. This is my fault. Can you forgive me?” he muttered as he pressed kisses onto the woman’s collarbones. 
His magnetic voice instantly changed the air in the room. As always, he’s charming. He’s making me fall for him again. 
“All right. To be honest, I was angry at you too,” Joan confessed. 
Larry knew that too. After all, it would be odd for her not to get angry. 
It was a fact that he had spent quite an amount of time with Jessica. Although it was out of respect for her parents, he had to admit that he had neglected Joan’s feelings. 
Furthermore, things at the company just kept piling up, and he did not have the time to return home to explain to her. That was why the talk had delayed until a moment ago. 
“I know, but I’ve always seen Jessica as just a friend. I’m sure she’ll be focusing on her work soon. You know this too. Until the end of Norton Corporation’s collaboration with the Zimmers’ company, our cooperation with them had been a pleasant one,” Larry explained. 
Joan nodded silently. 
She understood what he meant. In fact, she understood everything. Regardless of that, she was still unhappy when she saw him with Jessica.
“Don’t worry. Jessica’s Caspian’s,” Larry voiced with a gleeful smirk on his lips. 
What? Does Caspian like Jessica? How can that be true? Does he like that kind of woman? 
Joan blinked rapidly as she stared at the man in front of her in disbelief. 
“That’s right. He likes her, but she doesn’t like Caspian. However, it’s still too early to say that. These two will end up together eventually.” Larry’s smile grew. 
Immediately, Joan heaved a relieved sigh. 
She knew Caspian too well. As long as he had set his mind on someone or something, he would not easily let it go. However, she was curious about which part of Jessica did Caspian liked. 
After whispering sweet nothings to each other on the bed for a while, they then went to sleep. 
On the next morning, the sun shone through the window to cast light on the ground. Slowly, the woman on the bed stretched before smacking her lips, seemingly satisfied with her sleep. 
“It’s time to wake up.” The man beside her pulled her into his arms as he ran his fingers through her hair. 
“Hm? Why aren’t you at work yet?” Joan asked as she groggily opened her eyes. 
“That’s ’cause I miss you,” Larry whispered into her ear. 
Why is he so cheesy all of a sudden? He rarely expressed his feelings for me in the past. 
“Are you okay? Are you having a fever? Did it fry your circuits?” Joan then quickly touched his forehead before touching hers.
Our temperatures are the same. 
“Joan, I just want to say things that’ll make you happy. Why are you killing my mood? Come, let’s head to work.” With that said, Larry pulled the blankets away, about to rise. 
“Hubby, I get it. Don’t leave,” Joan whined as she hugged his waist. 
“When are you going to be back in the afternoon? What would you like to eat tonight? I’m going to get groceries from the supermarket and cook for you tonight. Does that sound good?” Joan hummed, her eyes closed. 
With her hands on his stomach and her face on his back, Larry felt his body temperature rising, especially when he could feel her shallow breathing. 
“Joan, let go of me,” Larry hastily said. If she kept this up, he did not know if he could hold himself back any longer. 
However, instead of letting him go, she hugged him even tighter. 
Abruptly, Larry spun around and pinned Joan under him. There was a desperate look in his eyes, and his breathing was rapid.
###Chapter 2241
Chapter 2241 
Instantly, Joan sobered up. 
“Larry, what’s wrong?” 
“I want to eat you whole.” At that, he leaned in to kiss her. 
What happened next was an act that the two enjoyed. 
Meanwhile, on the other end. 
“Noelle, can you stop this? Hurry up and go home,” Caiden groaned. When she heard him, a trace of melancholy ran past Noelle’s eyes. 
Why does he hate me so much? What horrible things have I ever done to him? 
“Caiden, I think it’s time for us to have a talk,” Noelle solemnly suggested. 
At the start, Caiden was surprised by her words. However, he quickly recomposed himself and schooled his features. Confounded, he wondered, What is there to talk about? There’s nothing to talk about. 
“I have something to deal with, so I’m going to leave now.” Caiden turned away from her. 
“Caiden Owens! You can’t leave. I know you have nothing to do. You have to have this talk with me today. I’m afraid that there will be no chance for us to talk about this if I don’t speak my mind now.” 
The somber way Noelle was speaking startled Caiden, and he began to ponder if he had gone overboard. Even if I don’t like her, we can still be friends. Moreover, she’s Jaden’s sister, so she’s like my sister.
“Fine. What do you want to talk about? Speak.” Caiden sat down on the couch beside him before fixing his gaze on her. 
At that very moment, Noelle was nervous. She wanted to tell him she loved him and she could not leave him, but she dared not to. Noelle feared the two would not even be friends once these words left her lips. 
“Why do you hate me?” she asked instead. 
There isn’t any reason. I just don’t like to be with you. 
Nothing good ever happened to him when he was with her, and that was the norm since they were children. Thus, to avoid a repeat of those incidents, Caiden chose to avoid her. 
“I don’t hate you; you’re overthinking it. I just like to be alone,” came Caiden’s belated response. 
Won’t he feel bad to lie to me in this way? He likes being alone? Then why would he court Joan? He can’t even lie well. 
“Cut the crap. I only want to hear the truth. Don’t say things like you’re a loner who likes to be by yourself. Those are just excuses!” Noelle cried out. 
She’s right. These are all just excuses. 
“Noelle, you know that I like to bury myself in my studies and work. It’s been like this since young. I only enjoy being around those I like. It’s only those moments that I could relax. I don’t know if you can understand what I mean,” Caiden muttered. 
He was turning her down tactfully with truthful words.
Of course Noelle knew what he meant. At the end of the day, it was because she was not Joan. If she were Joan, he would have stared at her happily. However, she was Noelle, and that was why he did not want to bother himself with her. 
“There are various kinds of love, Caiden. Do you really know what your feelings for Joan are?” Noelle persistently questioned. 
Of course I do. My feelings for Joan have never changed. I like her, and I always think of her. Even when I’m overseas. Even when I found out she’s married. 
It did not matter. True love had no boundaries. Caiden never cared about others’ opinions of him. 
That was what love was. It was about him listening to his heart to seek the one who belonged to him. It was courage. It was a goal. 
Perhaps that was the mindset of those who knew love well. Their life was formed around love, and they would do everything to make sure it stayed that way. 
Caiden had never thought about what would happen in the future. All he did were the things he enjoyed, and that included loving Joan.
###Chapter 2242
Chapter 2242 
In the office, Larry sat on the couch as he read through his documents. He had a dark expression glued to his face. 
Outside the office, everyone was hectic with their tasks. It seemed like they were anxious, but at the same time, they seemed like they were enjoying it. 
The employees of Norton Corporation were as terrifying as Larry. To them, working overtime was the norm. 
“Rest for a while,” Joan whispered to him suddenly. 
Hm? Why is she here? When did she arrive? Larry raised his head to look at her, surprised. 
“Why are you here?” Larry queried. 
“I’m here to deliver food to you and to take a look at you. I’m scared you’d miss me too much,” Joan murmured. 
My, when did she start acting in this way? A teasing smile grew on Larry’s lips. “Guess what I’m thinking now?” 
Then, with a tug, he pulled her into his arms. 
Embarrassment surged into Joan’s brain when she glanced outside the room. 
“This is a public space. Hurry up and eat your food instead,” she hastily said as a blush crept upon her face.
She’s actually shy? We’re a married couple. Why is she still getting so embarrassed? However, that was a sight that Larry liked seeing. 
“Come, let’s eat together.” With that said, he then placed her on the couch. 
“Look at them. They’re so loving with each other.” 
“Hear, hear. Mr. Norton even hugged her earlier.” 
“Seriously! Who said Mr. and Mrs. Norton had a bad relationship? They deserve a beating for saying that.” 
In a corner of the office, several coworkers were in quiet discussion about Larry and Joan. All of them had similar looks of jealousy on their faces. 
Out of the blue, Larry said, “Open your mouth. I’m going to feed you.” 
What is he trying to do? Is he trying to cause a scene again? Joan looked at him suspiciously. 
“Larry, what are you trying to do? Why are you so lovey-dovey all of a sudden? It’s really unlike you,” Joan carefully voiced. 
“Hush. Just eat it,” Larry responded. 
So I’m not even allowed to talk now? How bossy. 
“Mr. Norton, it’s time for lunch,” came Jessica’s voice when she suddenly entered the room. The moment she saw the two being endearing toward each other on the couch, she froze in shock. 
Why is Joan here? Why are they so intimate with each other? Have they rekindled their relationship? That can’t be, can it? It hasn’t been long since then. How can they have resolved the misunderstanding so easily?
“Ms. Zimmer’s here? Let’s eat together, then,” Joan enunciated in a deliberately loud tone. She knew the woman was there to bring lunch for Larry. Fortunately, she was quicker than her. 
“My wife has brought lunch for me today. Come, let’s eat together,” Larry added. 
He was taking the chance to show Jessica that his relationship with Joan had always been strong. In other words, it would not be easy for Jessica to sow discord between them. 
“Here, have mine. I have fish and meat, so it’s more nutritious,” Jessica uttered. 
She makes it sound as though my lunch for Larry has no nutritional value. Joan threw her a displeased look. 
“I’m sorry, but my wife’s cooking is really good. Moreover, she’s made sure that all my meals are well- balanced in terms of nutrition. I’m used to eating her food,” Larry responded in a seemingly nonchalant tone. 
His words struck Jessica like a bolt from the blue, and her mind blanked out. 
What are they doing? Are they trying to flaunt their love? It was as if someone had dunked her in cold water. She had been nice to express her concern for the man, but all he did was make her disappointed. 
“What’s going on in there? Why is that woman here again?” 
“I don’t know, but it looks quite awkward. If I were her, I’d have left immediately. Doesn’t she feel awkward standing there?” 
“I’d say her plan to become the third wheel failed.” 
Once again, the coworkers were gossiping.
“I’ll take my leave now then. I thought you had no lunch. Since someone has already brought you food, I’ll leave.” With that said, Jessica left the room without sparing either of them another glance.
###Chapter 2243
Chapter 2243 
As Larry stared at her retreating figure, a sense of guilt seeped into his heart. 
He knew Jessica had been upset about her parents’ matter recently, but he had also thought she knew what he felt about her. 
All she was to him was a friend. To make sure she knew about it, he had put on an act with Joan. 
“Okay, she’s gone now, so drop the act,” Joan muttered as she pushed his arm. 
Hm? How did she find out I was only acting? Larry raised a curious brow at her. 
“Do you really think I’m a fool who can’t see through your tricks? Please. It was elementary,” Joan huffed. 
However, in the beginning, Joan was fooled. She had been wondering what had gotten into the man, but when she saw the food in Jessica’s hands, she figured it out immediately. 
“That’s great. My wife’s smarter now,” Larry cooed. 
Huh? Does he know what he’s talking about? I have brains from the start, thank you. 
“Hush, you. Although my brain short circuits sometimes, I know how to observe,” Joan mumbled under her breath. 
And you’re good at it, Larry thought. 
“Honey.” 
Larry suddenly hugged her from behind and kissed her hair.
“Larry, please remember that we’re in the office. Stop messing around. You know you’ve got to establish a good image, right?” Joan reminded as she peeked outside. 
“What image do I need when you’re with me?” As he spoke, he carried her up and sat on the couch. 
“Stop it and put me down. Quick! It’ll be bad if someone sees us!” Joan cried out as she smacked his arm. 
What’s bad about it? We’re a married couple. What’s wrong with being intimate once in a while? She’s overthinking it. 
“I won’t,” he rejected. “Not unless you kiss me.” 
Promptly, Joan blushed. 
“Then… Draw the curtains.” Joan pointed at the window. 
Despite Larry’s casual attitude, Joan was mindful of his reputation in the company. 
Soon, the curtains were drawn, and the people outside could not see what was going on in the room anymore. Gazing at the woman on his lap, a grin grew on his face. 
“What are you smiling about?” Joan whispered. 
“Nothing. I’m just waiting for your kiss,” Larry replied as he leaned his face closer. 
After a moment of hesitation, the woman finally pressed her lips onto the man’s thin ones. 
It was soft but sweet. 
Right as she was about to stop, Larry suddenly placed his hand behind the back of her head and pulled her closer for a deeper kiss.
“Larry—” 
Before she could speak, the man invaded her mouth. Finally, Joan stopped struggling, having completely submitted to his gentle administers. 
The two were immersed in the sweet kiss. 
Just then, the assistant barged in without knocking on the door. “Mr. Norton!” 
“Ugh.” Joan swiftly shoved the man away and tidied her clothes. 
“I-I’m sorry. I didn’t know you were in the middle of something. Um. Please continue. I’m going to leave now.” Flustered, the assistant buried his face in his hands, about to flee the scene. 
“Stop,” Larry commanded. 
Immediately, the assistant halted in his tracks with a look of immense embarrassment. 
Oh my god. He isn’t going to fire me because I saw something I shouldn’t have, is he? The assistant clenched his fists as apprehension emerged in his eyes. 
Don’t fire me. Don’t fire me. Don’t fire me, chanted the assistant in his mind as he slowly turned around. 
“You…” 
“Mr. Norton, I saw nothing earlier. Really! Look, I’m near-sighted, and I can’t see your face from here. So, please don’t kick me out, Mr. Norton,” the assistant pleaded.
###Chapter 2244
Chapter 2244 
Larry shook his head and sighed. What was wrong with me back then? Did I lose all my brain cells at that time? Why did I hire him? 
“What I was trying to say was—is there anything urgent for you to rush to my office?” Larry queried. 
Oh. He’s talking about that. Man, that scared me. 
With a relieved sigh, the assistant then swiftly schooled his features. 
“The largest foreign manufacturer that’s cooperating with us said that they’ll be coming here next week. I wanted to inform you about it so that you can make arrangements for it,” the assistant uttered. 
Why is he coming here? For a vacation? Or is he here to check out the company. For a brief moment, Larry was lost in his thoughts. 
“Yes, I have to make preparations for it. You can leave now.” Larry waved dismissively. 
What does that mean? Is he asking me to continue working, or is he asking me to leave Norton Corporation? The assistant shuddered as a lost look crawled onto his face. 
“Mr. Norton, what do you mean by ‘leave’?” he quietly asked. If Mr. Norton really fires me because of this, I don’t even know what I can do. 
That’s a weird question. Isn’t the word “leave” quite simple to understand? 
Larry frowned at the other man. 
“What kind of ‘leave’ would you like then?” he asked the assistant instead. After all, whatever conclusion his assistant reached had barely any impact on him.
“Okay! I’m going back to work now. Please call me when you need me.” With that said, the assistant darted out of the room as if he feared Larry would change his mind in the next second. 
“What’s wrong? Why do you look unhappy? I can see it on your face,” Caspian, who was lying on the hospital bed, carefully asked Jessica. 
What else could it be? I can’t believe Larry did that to me! 
Jessica was pouting as she peeled an orange, looking displeased. 
“Nothing. Here. Have an orange.” At that, she threw it at Caspian. 
Caspian only glanced at her before he sighed. She must have lost her temper at Larry again. No one else in this world can affect her in this way other than Larry. 
“How are things? Do you need any help with the funeral?” Caspian continued. 
Right then, sorrow flashed past Jessica’s eyes. It had been some time since she returned, but she had yet to deal with her parents’ funeral. 
“No. I’ll be informing my relatives tomorrow, and the funeral will be on the day after the next,” came her quiet response. 
To Jessica, the funeral was only a way to say goodbye to her parents. 
“Are you sure you’re fine by yourself? Why don’t I help you?” Caspian worriedly suggested. 
He was unsure of what her reply would be. Caspian genuinely wanted to help her, but he was afraid that she would feel awkward about it. Even if she did not want to accept him, he wanted to lend her a helping hand as a friend. 
“It’s okay. Don’t worry. I can do this myself. I’ll be fine,” Jessica rejected.
That was what she wanted to discuss with Larry when she went to Norton Corporation in the afternoon. However, to her ill luck, she encountered Joan, and the couple flaunted their love in her face. There was no way she would not feel upset after that. 
“Why don’t you ask Larry to go with you? I’m sure he’ll help you,” Caspian suggested. 
“No. I don’t need his help,” Jessica firmly rejected. 
Huh? What’s going on? Doesn’t her world revolve around Larry? Why is she acting so strange today? 
“Did you have a fight with Larry?” 
Fight? What fight? What right do I have to fight with that man? He only has Joan in his heart and mind. He doesn’t even remember I exist. 
“He’s busy, so I don’t want to trouble him.” 
Busy? With what? The company’s affairs? I haven’t even heard him talk about it recently. 
After a while of chatting, Jessica left. 
The weather was fine, but somehow, Caspian felt a sorrowful cloud growing in his chest. Finally, he could not help but make a call.
###Chapter 2245
Chapter 2245 
“Larry, how are the things with Jessica’s parents?” Caspian asked. 
Larry was taken aback by his words. It had been days, and he had completely forgotten to ask Jessica about it. 
“I’ll take a look at it tomorrow. I’ve been busy recently,” Larry replied. 
“She’ll be informing her relatives about it tomorrow, so I’d say she’ll be busy for the next two days. Do help her out.” Larry could hear that Caspian truly cared for that woman from the sincerity of his tone. 
“What’s the matter?” Joan softly asked as she held Larry’s hand. 
“No wonder she came to look for me today… Joan, I don’t think I’ll have the time to keep you company for the next few days. Jessica needs to take care of her parents’ funeral. You know this too. She’s been living overseas in the past,” Larry explained. 
Pity surfaced in Joan’s eyes. 
Although she did not like the way Larry spent time with Jessica, she could understand what Jessica was feeling. She must be feeling horrible. 
“It’s okay. You should help her out, but be mindful not to cross the line with her,” Joan warned as she tugged the man’s tie. 
“I know. Don’t worry. Your husband only has you in his heart.” With that said, Larry pressed a light kiss on her hand. 
At night, when Joan was sitting on the couch, a sigh abruptly escaped her.
A woman who had encountered a sudden incident like this would feel anxious, lost, and melancholic. I wonder how long it will take for Jessica to walk out of this misery. 
“What’s the matter? Did something happen? Why do you look tired?” Delilah inquired as she walked over. 
“I’m fine. Ms. Young, how is the garden recently?” Joan asked instead. 
“Everything’s fine. By the way, when are you planning to return to work at the supermarket? Dustin keeps asking me about you whenever I meet him,” Delilah complained. 
The misunderstanding between Larry and she have been resolved, and they now trust each other again. Isn’t it time to return to the main track? 
At that thought, Delilah glanced at her with hopeful eyes. 
“Yes, I’ll be going back to work tomorrow,” Joan replied. 
It had been a long while since she stopped working. As a supervisor of the supermarket, it was unreasonable that she had been absent from work for such a lengthy period. It was time for her to return to her post. 
With her mind set, she clapped her hands with a look of determination. 
Before the sun rose the following day, Joan was already busying herself in the kitchen. 
Milk. Sandwich. A banana. Yes, everything’s set. After peeking at her watch, she grabbed a jacket and walked out of the living room. 
After some time, Lucius and Delilah trudged out of their bedrooms, yawning.
“Grandma, why are you up so early? Breakfast’s already ready,” Lucius mumbled as he brushed his teeth. 
Delilah snapped out of her groggy state instantly. 
I didn’t make breakfast. Did Joan do this? Staring at the table full of food, a small smile grew on her lips. 
Is she finally going back to her normal routine now? That’s good. 
“Come and have your breakfast. Your mom woke up and made this early in the morning,” Delilah said with a chuckle. 
“Wow! Really? Is Mom returning to her mighty state?” Lucius exclaimed loudly. 
It had been a long while since Joan had made breakfast for the boy. It was because she had been fighting with Larry. 
“Our supervisor’s back!” 
“Welcome back!” 
“Ms. Watts, are you pregnant?” a woman abruptly asked as she walked over. 
What? Why is she asking me this question? Joan eyed the woman curiously. 
“All right, that’s enough. Don’t tease her anymore. Joan, what have you been busy with? We haven’t seen you for quite a while. They’ve been saying that you’re pregnant and about to quit your job,” one of the staff members muttered.
###Chapter 2246
Chapter 2246 
Seriously? I can’t believe they actually came up with a rumor like this. 
“No. There were some things I had to deal with the past few days, so I couldn’t come to work. What do you mean I’m pregnant? They’re just rumors,” Joan hurriedly denied. 
“Oh? You’re here.” 
Somehow, Joan felt a sense of nostalgia when she heard Dustin’s voice. 
“I’m sorry. I had many things to deal with the past few days, so I couldn’t come to work,” Joan apologized as she hung her head. 
“Hey, it’s fine. He didn’t even say anything about it. In fact, he kept this job for you,” one of them suddenly said. 
“That’s right. Joan, our Mr. Silverman had been waiting for you to come back to work,” another voiced. 
“What do you mean your Mr. Silverman? He’s clearly ours!” 
“Of course he’s not. He’s ours—” 
The two women began fighting as though no one else was around them. 
However, both Joan and Dustin were used to their antics. In fact, all staff members of the supermarket were used to it. 
Dustin’s arrival was often the topic of the few women’s conversations. He was also the reason they remained working at the supermarket.
At the way they were arguing until their faces were red, Joan smiled. 
“Dustin, I’d say you should get a girlfriend soon. Otherwise, I’m sure they’d get into a real fight one day. When that happens, it’ll be a workplace accident, and you’d have to compensate them,” Joan teased. 
Is that so? But the woman I love doesn’t love me, Dustin thought as disappointment flickered in his eyes. 
“I probably won’t get married,” he quietly said with half-lidded eyes. 
That was sudden. Why wouldn’t he get married? With curious yet worried eyes, Joan asked, “What’s the matter? Did something happen?” 
“No. How could anything happen? It’s just that the woman I love is married, so I don’t have any chances anymore,” came Dustin’s barely audible reply. 
Despite its soft volume, Joan had still heard him. 
Oh. He’s talking about me. Awkwardness enveloped Joan at that moment. 
She knew Dustin had a huge crush on her, and he had waited for her a while back. However, it was not that she had a choice in life. 
She thought she could forget about Larry and everything in her past. Yet, at the very end, she was back by his side. 
“About that, Dustin. If you pay attention to those around you, you’d realize they’re quite nice. As long as you’re willing to accept them, you’ll realize that they’ll be the ones you want,” Joan pointed out. 
However, that was something Dustin did not need.
He had loved only one woman in life, and he did not want to look for another. Perhaps it would be better to say that he was adamant about the idea of only having one love in life rather than to say his feelings for Joan had yet to fade away. 
“That isn’t my plan for now,” Dustin responded with a small smile. 
Okay, then. I just hope you’ll get what I mean soon. 
There were many things and people in the world that deserved love. As long as every individual dared to take the first step, the world would become a better place. 
“Joan, come and help me quickly,” one of the staff members cried out. 
“Coming!” Joan sped toward them. 
As Dustin watched her run further and further away from him, his smile faded. She knows what feelings I have for her, but she just won’t give me any chance. 
Dustin had been waiting for her the entire time. His feelings for her had yet to die out. 
He was waiting for her to divorce Larry. He was waiting for the Norton Corporation to collapse and for Larry to fall into a slump. He was waiting for the day he could put on the wedding veil on Joan’s head. 
Nevertheless, no one knew about these plans and thoughts of his. 
“Jessica, are you done preparing everything?” Larry asked in a low voice, sounding urgent. 
“What’s the matter? So you still remember me? I thought you were busy smooching your dear wife,” Jessica scoffed. Then, she pouted, looking like the epitome of displeasure.
###Chapter 2247
Chapter 2247 
Thinking back upon the events of that day made Jessica’s blood boil. 
“Don’t misunderstand. You know men, we can’t control ourselves sometimes,” Larry explained sheepishly. 
Larry was at a loss for words. That was the only explanation he could give to excuse that moment of recklessness. 
“Yes, you couldn’t hold yourself back. That’s why you did those things with Joan in broad daylight,” Jessica scoffed. 
“No, we were in the office, all right? It wasn’t as awful as you’re trying to make out!” Larry snapped. 
“You didn’t lock the office door. What’s the difference whether you were inside or outside of the room, doing what you did?” Jessica sneered. 
Why couldn’t they have just done whatever they wanted to do in private? What were they trying to do? Any normal person would have gotten jealous from seeing that! What with an attractive-looking man like Larry, Jessica reflected. 
“Fine. Let’s not dwell on this anymore. How is your side holding up? Have you informed everyone yet? Was there any outcome?” Larry inquired, steering the conversation away to another topic entirely. 
“Yes, they’re all aware,” Jessica answered shortly. 
Larry guessed that Jessica’s anger hadn’t subsided. After a few more equally cold replies, Jessica abruptly ended the call. Larry was left on the other end, listening to the dial tone in bewilderment.
Wasn’t that just a small issue? Was there a need to overreact in that way? Larry thought, staring at the phone in his hands. He shook his head helplessly. 
How dare you! Gritting her teeth, Jessica furiously stabbed at her phone to end the call, then flung it onto the sofa. She stalked into the kitchen. 
“Joan, do you want to have dinner together tonight?” 
“Yes, come on! Let’s go together. It’s the weekend!” 
A chorus of giggling girls surrounded Joan, their faces rapturous with glee. 
“I won’t be joining you. I have some things to deal with. Sorry. I’ll be taking my leave first,” Joan hastily replied, waving them off. 
Joan knew too well what her friends were like. Anyone who dared oppose them would be swept away by sheer force, despite any protests to the contrary. 
“Don’t run away! Let’s all go out together. There’s nothing for you to do at home, anyway,” One of the girls added persuasively. They thronged about Joan, eagerly trying to convince her to join them. 
“No, I have to pick Lucius up,” Joan replied pleasantly, but with a renewed determination in her tone. She elbowed her way through the group and fled. 
Just as Joan was heaving a sigh of relief at having escaped, Dustin rounded the corner and appeared beside her. “Why aren’t you going out with them?” he asked quizzically. 
Joan had been reluctant to go, in fact, largely due in part to her fear of getting drunk. She was terrified of what she might do in her uninhibited state. 
“Uh… I’m going home for dinner. Lucius will be done with school soon,” Joan replied hesitantly.
Dustin narrowed his eyes. That didn’t sound like Joan at all. 
“Are you afraid that Larry will be angry?” Dustin probed. 
Joan’s eyes shifted uneasily. Evasively, she muttered, “All right, I’ll be making a move first. See you!” 
Dustin was right. 
When Joan had previously gotten drunk with Dustin and stayed overnight in the hotel, Larry hadn’t said a word. Joan could, however, perceive that Larry had had his misgivings. 
It was the reason why Joan was returning home dutifully today. 
Dustin was left watching Joan’s departing figure. His hands, hanging by his sides, had clenched unwittingly into fists. Dustin’s face wore a grim expression. 
One day, Larry, I’ll see to it that you hand over this woman to me yourself! Dustin vowed. 
“Jessica, what on earth’s happened?” 
“That’s right. How can something like this happen?” 
“Did your Dad and Mom say anything before they passed away?” 
At the funeral, a group of friends and relatives gathered in front of Jessica, clamoring for her attention. 
“Calm down, please, everyone! I know that you’re all concerned for Dad and Mom, but they’re no longer around…” Jessica shouted, fighting both to quell the noise of the crowd and the emotions stirring within her. 
Standing a little way off, Larry watched, sniggering.
Everyone gathered in front of Jessica looked like they were fervent, kindly friends, who came to support Jessica in her hour of need. In reality, however, Larry knew that most of those same persons comforting Jessica were secretly exulting in their hearts at this tragedy. 
“I’m telling you, they got what was coming to them! They had nothing better to do than to swagger around.” 
“How is that girl still alive though? Shouldn’t she have been finished off with the rest of her family?” 
A few others conferred agonizingly in the corner, gnashing their teeth. 
The funeral was flooded with mourners and their tears. Few of those, however, were truly sincere.
###Chapter 2248
Chapter 2248 
As Jessica busied herself with some of Liam’s matters, a group of relatives hovered anxiously over her shoulder. They seemed to be on the lookout for something else. 
“Jessica, how are your parents’ assets going to be split?” 
“That’s right, Jessica, since you’re the only child, they should have left everything they own to you, shouldn’t they?” 
“Um, Jessica, our family business has recently run into a spot of trouble. Will you be able to help us out?” 
Jessica found herself suddenly overwhelmed with a surge of requests for financial aid. Wryly, Jessica pondered to herself, Why are all these people actually here for? To grieve? Perhaps merely to borrow money? Jessica felt a sudden chill in her heart, as if icy fingers had suddenly reached out and grabbed it. 
“Jessica, our family is facing some difficulty as well. We’re all family here, aren’t we? You won’t be able to spend all that money by yourself anyway. Help us out a little.” 
Jessica felt her blood turn cold. She suddenly developed a sense of loathing for the feverish, groping crowd surrounding her. 
How could those who claimed to be her own family make such requests at a time like this? Shouldn’t they have been comforting her? Shouldn’t they be mourning for the departed, rather than their own financial losses? 
“Here, Jessica!” Larry suddenly bellowed.
Larry had perceived that Jessica’s relatives, having sunk their teeth into her like a pack of hungry dogs, would not relinquish their hold so easily. Jessica was still considerably naive and would not quite know how to defend herself against them. 
“What’s up?” Jessica demanded in a low voice as she slunk over. 
“Are they borrowing money from you? Ignore them,” Larry said easily, giving Jessica an encouraging pat on the shoulder. 
Why? Confounded, Jessica looked up at Larry cynically. 
“In any case, don’t promise anyone anything yet. I’ll explain to you afterward. Go on back, then. They’re waiting for you,” Larry said lightly. 
“Jessica, we’re starting!” 
“That’s right, it’s almost time!” The urgent cries from Jessica’s relatives came, forcefully hauling her. 
“Coming!” Jessica yelled back. 
The vast blue ocean stretched out before them as far as the eye could see. The sea was as smooth as glass, disturbed only by the occasional ripples formed by seagulls dipping into the water. Above them was an azure sky dotted with white clouds. The scene was so tranquil that it was almost surreal. 
“Dad, Mom. Rest in peace. Don’t worry about me. I’ll live a good life,” Jessica whispered. 
The urn in Jessica’s hands felt unendurably heavy. Tears rolled down her cheeks unchecked, framing Jessica’s face in a portrait of melancholy. 
Jessica closed her eyes, savoring her final few moments with her parents. They were well and truly gone now. Within a few moments, Jessica would be left all alone in this world without anyone by her
side. 
“Dad, Mom. Rest in peace,” Jessica repeated. Taking a deep breath, she scattered the ashes into the sea. 
Bang! A deafening clap of thunder suddenly roared overhead. Without any warning, torrents of rain began pouring down moments later. 
“It’s raining! Let’s go!” 
“Mom, it hasn’t ended yet…” Jessica could hear a small child’s concerned voice faintly over the sound of the thunderstorm. 
“Who cares whether or not it’s over? Let’s go home. This has nothing to do with us anymore.” The mother replied impatiently. 
“What about that woman?” The child cried insistently. 
“That’s none of our business! She can choose to die out here if she wants!” The mother retorted. 
The crowd quickly scattered, fleeing towards shelter. Only Jessica and Larry were left rooted to the spot, already drenched by the downpour. No one had stepped forward to comfort Jessica. When the rain came, no one had thought to offer her an umbrella or even pull her along in their desperation for refuge from the rain. 
The situation seemed utterly absurd to Jessica. Unable to contain the mix of rage, grief, and sheer incredulity that swept over her, Jessica began to laugh. 
“She’s crazy! Ms. Zimmer has gone insane! Let’s go!”
It seemed to Jessica that despite the howl of the wind and rain, the harsh mocking of her relatives still managed to rise above the tumult somehow. Jessica’s relatives had always flattered her and fawned over her. Now that they stood to gain nothing from it, their past affections were revealed to be nothing more than pathetic attempts to secure a share of the inheritance. 
Jessica wiped at her tears resentfully. Disregarding the rain that was battering down upon her, Jessica slowly finished scattering the rest of her parent’s ashes into the turbulent ocean. 
I’ll make them regret ever treating me this way! Jessica swore to herself. I’ll show them that they shouldn’t have messed with me. 
“Are you OK?” Larry asked, striding over to Jessica with a worried frown on his face. 
Jessica turned and gaped at Larry in shock. Didn’t he leave along with the rest? she thought, startled. 
Jessica turned to face him squarely, then asked out of curiosity, “Why didn’t you leave? What are you waiting for?” 
“What are friends for?” Larry responded breezily. “Caspian’s here, too.” He jerked a thumb towards the figure standing under an umbrella a little way off, watching them.
###Chapter 2249
Chapter 2249 
He came! Jessica realized with a jolt. Didn’t I tell him not to? Why didn’t he listen? she fretted. He’s already sick! What if he gets worse in this terrible weather? Jessica’s heart ached at the thought. 
“Here, take this. Let’s go over,” Larry suggested, handing Jessica his umbrella. 
“I don’t need it,” Jessica said brusquely. She shoved him aside in her haste and sprinted over to Caspian. 
“What are you doing here? Why aren’t you in the hospital? How could you do something like this! Let’s go now!” Jessica demanded urgently, the words spilling out of her. She seized Caspian’s arm and was ready to haul him away. 
“Jessica, is everything over yet?” Caspian asked frantically. 
Jessica almost burst into laughter at the thought. Everything had been over for her the moment those relatives had turned their back and fled. A part of Jessica’s heart had died along with their inhumanity. 
Jessica recalled with bitterness how often her parents had bailed those relatives out. Their ingratitude itself was appalling. What made everything worse was that on the day that Jessica’s parents were to be memorialized, all that those relatives cared for was the money they’d left behind. 
“It’s over! Let’s go!” Jessica snapped. 
“Wait,” Caspian suddenly halted in his tracks, tugging at Jessica. He took off his jacket and placed it around Jessica’s shoulders. 
Caspian’s gesture filled Jessica with more warmth than the jacket itself did. She looked up at him speechlessly, her eyes brimming with tears.
It was the first genuine display of care that had been shown towards Jessica that day. A thought struck Jessica that Caspian might henceforth be the only one who would care for her from then on. 
“Don’t catch a cold. It’s getting chilly lately, so wear warmer clothing, OK? What if you fall sick?” Caspian chided disapprovingly. 
“I’m fine. What about you? How could you have come all the way here when you haven’t even fully recovered? Aren’t you worried that you’ll make things worse?” Jessica replied in anguish, wrinkling her brow. 
Caspian smiled tenderly at Jessica’s worried face. What was there to worry about? What could be more important than you? Caspian mused. He reached out to brush a stray tendril of hair from Jessica’s face. 
Inwardly, however, Caspian was furiously turning over Jessica’s speech in his mind. Does this mean that she cares for me? Is she worried about me? A smile hovered over Caspian’s lips as he reflected on that pleasant thought. 
It made him even more determined to make Jessica his girlfriend. I’d give her the world if she asked for it, Caspian resolved. 
“Why are you smiling? We should get going!” Jessica said earnestly. “Don’t do silly things like this in the future. I can take care of myself.” 
Caspian didn’t appear sentimental at first glance, but he was someone who cared deeply for the woman he loved. Regardless of whether Jessica would accept him as her boyfriend, he would doggedly remain by her side nonetheless. 
Back at the hospital, Jessica had insisted on tucking Caspian back into his bed. He flashed a smile at Jessica’s worried face. “I’m fine. Don’t worry about me. I’ve already recovered and have been
discharged,” Caspian said cheerily. 
Jessica reflected that it was so typical of Caspian to insist on coming all the way out to the funeral to see her, even when he was so obviously unwell. Jessica’s heart softened. Caspian’s dedication had rather moved her. 
Why did I fall for Larry instead? Jessica thought, bemused. 
Caspian watched as Jessica tilted her head to the side, as if deep in thought. 
“What are you thinking about?” Caspian asked, gently rapping his knuckles against the side of Jessica’s head in a teasing manner. 
“Huh? Nothing much. What do you want to eat? Let me buy you a meal,” Jessica hurriedly answered. 
“Meatloaf, I suppose,” Caspian said, shrugging. 
Upon hearing Caspian’s reply, Jessica immediately ran out of the room without the slightest hesitation. 
What’s going on? Did something happen? Why does Jessica look so flustered? Caspian stared at the hospital door that Jessica had just run out from, puzzled. 
Jessica, meanwhile, had darted out into the hallway, a million thoughts racing through her mind. 
When Jessica had been at her lowest, Caspian was there beside her. When Jessica had been at her most helpless, Caspian had steadfastly stuck by her, providing solace. He had proven himself to be a most reliable man. 
It was a pity, however, that Jessica was in no presence of mind to develop feelings for anyone. She was more intent on regaining her footing in this world. After the events of today, Jessica had grimly set her mind on building an enterprise that the Zimmer family could truly call their own.
“Where’s Jessica? Where did she go?” Larry asked as he swung open the door of Caspian’s hospital room. 
“She went to buy meatloaf,” Caspian replied. 
“Well done! Keep going, bro. Jessica will need you to take care of her in the future,” Larry said, jovially patting Caspian’s arm in approval. 
Caspian felt a hint of irritation at Larry’s words, which clearly refused to acknowledge the elephant in the room. Didn’t Jessica already reject me because of Larry? Caspian thought ruefully. He was well aware that the position Larry occupied in Jessica’s heart could afford no substitute.
###Chapter 2250
Chapter 2250 
“Come on, Larry, don’t mock me. You know that the one Jessica loves is you,” Caspian answered tightly. 
Larry could detect a tinge of resentment in Caspian’s tone. Larry took no offense, however. Smiling kindly at Caspian, Larry thought affectionately, Silly fellow! Can’t he see that Jessica’s attitude towards him has already been changing little by little? 
“Hey, I’m already married. Joan’s enough for me in this life,” Larry said pleasantly. 
In fact, Larry had never wavered in his love for Joan. They had their occasional squabbles, to be sure, that ended in harsh words and hurt feelings. In the end, however, both Larry and Joan would inevitably reconcile, knowing that they had each other’s best interests at heart. 
“That’s right. How’s Joan doing? She looked tired when I last saw her,” Caspian recalled. 
“She’s doing fine now. Don’t worry. Focus on getting better first. Who knows? You might even be getting married soon yourself,” Larry teased, winking slyly at Caspian. 
Caspian’s face was immediately flushed. He dared not imagine such a favorable outcome, not when Jessica hadn’t agreed to be his girlfriend just yet. 
There was a forlorn look in Caspian’s eyes as he ruminated on this. When will Jessica realize how much I care for her? Caspian thought despairingly. A year? Two years? Three? 
Forget it! Caspian thought firmly to himself. No matter how long he had to wait for Jessica, he would. 
“Your meatloaf’s here! Eat it while it’s hot,” Jessica chirped, bursting into the room all at once. She caught sight of Larry and took a start. “Uh… Larry? You’re here! I only bought enough for Caspian,
though, do you want me to head out and buy another?” Jessica stammered awkwardly. 
“There’s no need. I’m not hungry,” Larry reassured her gracefully. 
“I didn’t think you were, either. When I brought food to your office previously, you didn’t take a single bite,” Jessica commented, having recovered her wits in remarkable fashion. 
Larry gaped at Jessica in astonishment. Wasn’t that over long ago? How can Jessica still be bringing it up now? Hell indeed hath no fury like a woman scorned, Larry realized in dismay. 
Larry made a mental note to tread with extra caution around Jessica in the future. 
“What’s wrong? What happened previously?” Caspian broke in. 
“It’s nothing. I just witnessed Larry and Joan publicly display their affection for everyone to see. You eat, no, you eat,” Jessica mimicked, rolling her eyes at Larry in disdain. 
Larry felt deeply hurt by Jessica’s pettiness. She’s just like a child, with her childish spitefulness and tantrums, Larry mused. 
“Hey, then don’t come looking for me when you need my help,” Larry retorted. He stood up and made as if he was about to leave the room. 
Her potential venture in mind, Jessica sprang to her feet. She could not afford to lose Larry’s help. Jessica flung herself in front of Larry, barricading his way out. 
“Don’t be so serious, Larry. Aren’t we friends?” Jessica wheedled. Her face was crimson with embarrassment. 
“Sure, we’re friends. What do you want from me, then? To buy you a meal? Or to invest in your company?” Larry asked frankly.
Shamefaced, Jessica looked down. She found herself laid bare before Larry’s searching gaze, unable to conceal anything from his piercing eyes. 
Larry had indeed already perceived Jessica’s true intentions. He’d only been waiting for Jessica to broach the topic. 
Jessica had been planning on founding a new company using the inheritance her parents had left her. However, it would not be sufficient. Jessica considered approaching her relatives for help until they’d come to her first instead, begging her for money. 
Jessica needed assurance, someone she could fall back on in times of need. Larry was the only one left who possessed both the capacity and willingness to aid her. 
“Mr. Norton, what do you mean? I’m the one who should be buying you a meal,” Jessica answered innocently. She fixed him with a pleading, wide-eyed look. 
Pleased, Larry grinned widely. 
“Sure, what are we having?” he asked, playing along. 
“You decide,” Jessica purred. 
This almost flirtatious exchange took place in front of a wretched Caspian. Bound to his hospital bed, he could not turn his eyes away from the scene of the woman he loved behaving coyly with another man. 
Caspian’s heart ached. Larry and Jessica continued, however, blissfully oblivious to the fact.
###Chapter 2251
Chapter 2251 
It was evident to Caspian that Jessica shone most radiantly when she was in Larry’s presence. 
Mournfully, Caspian could only take consolation in the fact that Jessica was, at the very least, happy. 
“Caspian, Larry and I are heading out to eat. We’ll be back in a while. Don’t worry about us! Call me if you need anything. We’ll be back soon,” Jessica called. 
Both she and Larry were already halfway out the door. With a casual wave of her hand, Jessica was gone. The room was empty again, save for Caspian lying alone on his hospital bed. 
Resigned, Caspian looked down at the meatloaf. It looked sodden and unappetizing. When Caspian took a half-hearted bite, it tasted like sawdust in his mouth. 
There was nothing else for Caspian to do but sleep and hope that this was nothing but a nightmare. 
Caspian pulled the covers over his head and shut his eyes as if that could shut out the world around him. 
“Mr. Norton, may I ask what you’ll be interested in having?” Outside, Jessica asked with exaggerated courtesy. 
“Up to you,” Larry replied shortly. 
“All right, I’ll decide then!” Jessica exclaimed joyously. 
“Jessica, don’t you think that Caspian is a very dependable man?” Larry abruptly took on a serious tone as he gazed at Jessica. 
Jessica nodded mutely. She did not, however, volunteer any further opinion.
Larry looked at her expectantly. If only Jessica would return Caspian’s affections! he agonized. It would be the best thing that could happen to both of them. 
“Here we are, Mr. Norton! I racked my brains to think of somewhere good to bring you. Eat as much as you want,” Jessica announced in relish as they stopped before an unassuming restaurant. “Sure!” Larry agreed warmly. He was rather charmed by Jessica’s generosity. 
When they had taken their seats inside, Larry looked at Jessica soberly. “Is something troubling you?” 
“I want to reorganize the Zimmer family’s enterprise and start anew,” Jessica explained, briefly outlining her entrepreneurial plans for Larry. 
Larry heartily approved of Jessica’s ideas. It was, after all, a chance for the Zimmer family to jostle for a place in the market. 
“What’s the trouble, then?” Larry asked again. 
Jessica suddenly looked modest. She took a sip of the wine before her, then cleared her throat. As if emboldened by the spirit coursing through her veins, she continued, “Larry, I need your help. You know that I don’t have that many friends here, as I was overseas up until recently. Besides, most of the people I know aren’t reliable at all.” 
Larry felt a strange sense of relief at hearing Jessica admit this. 
Having witnessed the cruelty of men’s hearts, Larry was firm in his opinion that human nature was the most fickle, impossible thing to understand. One could be friends today and enemies the next. The same mouth from which compliments poured could be spewing venomous words of hatred the very next day.
Larry had always felt that Jessica, due to her time spent overseas, had lacked the keenness to sniff out the shadiness that colored all business deals here. Not even friends or family members were exempt from suspicion. It would serve any businessman well to be wary of anyone he dealt with. 
“All right, I know what you’re trying to say. Don’t worry, Jessica. As long as you need me, I’ll be right here. Even if everyone else turns their back on you, Caspian and I will be there to support you. Your father served Norton Corporation faithfully in his lifetime, and I’m not one to neglect a debt of gratitude. Your father may have terminated his contract in the end, but I believe he had his own reasons for that…” 
Larry continued and Jessica could sense that every word was heartfelt. She was rather moved by his touching remembrance of her father, a vast contrast to that of her own relatives’ memorialization of his money. 
Larry had anticipated Jessica’s needs before she even opened her mouth, relieving her of the difficulty of having to ask him for money. Jessica felt affirmed in her belief that Larry was someone she could count on. 
I’ll do it, then! I won’t let anyone down, Jessica pledged solemnly to herself. 
“Thank you, Mr. Norton. I can’t thank you enough for your understanding. If there’s anything you need my help with, please don’t hesitate to ask,” Jessica answered briefly. 
Larry gave Jessica an odd look, surprised by her sudden change in tone. Just what is she up to now? He wondered. 
Jessica’s terse formality had left Larry somewhat bewildered. It seemed as if they had gone from being friends to discussing professional business transactions in a blink.
“All right, enough of that. We can discuss this in-depth in the future. Let’s have a good meal today,” Larry said in a blustering voice, attempting to lighten the mood.
###Chapter 2252
Chapter 2252 
It worked. The tension at the table dissipated, and Jessica and Larry spent the rest of the meal in high spirits, teasing and bantering with each other. 
Suddenly, Jessica paused, then asked, “Larry, can I ask you a question? Aren’t you afraid that you won’t be able to get rid of me now that you’re offering me your help?” 
The question seemed so preposterous that Larry almost burst into laughter. However, he choked it down at the sight of Jessica’s pensive face. Larry believed that he knew Jessica pretty well and didn’t take her for the sort to be needy. 
Besides, he had firm faith that Jessica would soon realize the person she truly loved was not Larry, but Caspian. 
“No, or I wouldn’t have offered to help you in the first place. I’m usually right about these things,” Larry replied airily. 
Why does he look so confident? Jessica thought as she looked skeptically at Larry. 
However, Jessica did think that Larry was a lot more perceptive than most. Larry could accurately uncover links and meanings between two seemingly disparate events that had stumped everyone else. 
“Anyway, I’m pouring my heart and soul into my work from now on. I won’t have time to think about relationships and the like, so don’t worry. Please reassure Joan of that as well,” Jessica asserted unequivocally. 
Larry nodded. Anyway, Joan wasn’t the type to get jealous over petty things like these. Besides, she was aware of everything that was going on now. There was no discernible reason for Joan to get upset.
“Don’t worry. Joan is a lot more understanding than that,” Larry immediately reassured Jessica. 
Having thus established their boundaries, Larry and Jessica lapsed into lighthearted chatter, accompanied by quite a bit of wine. 
“You hold your alcohol pretty well,” Larry observed after a while. 
“Let’s go out drinking sometime then!” Jessica yelled delightedly. 
Jessica was a rather avid drinker and enjoyed trying out different sorts of beers and spirits. During her time overseas, Jessica had enjoyed their vibrant nightlife tremendously. 
After a while, the waiter came over to inform them that the restaurant was closing. Both Larry and Jessica stood up rather reluctantly to leave. “All right. Shall we go, then? Are you heading home or going back to Caspian’s?” Larry asked gently, tapping Jessica on the shoulder. She was standing at her seat, staring straight ahead with a rather dazed expression on her face. 
“Uh…” Jessica trailed off. Before Larry could react, Jessica had already doubled over and vomited onto the floor. 
Larry furrowed his brow in concern. Jessica’s tolerance for alcohol was clearly not as fantastic as she had proclaimed earlier. 
“I want to go home. I want to sleep. I feel unwell,” Jessica murmured, already slurring slightly. Clumsily, she wrapped her arms around Larry’s neck and hung onto him. 
“Hey, Jessica, let go of me. It won’t do to have anyone see us like this. Let go!” Larry said urgently as he rapidly surveyed their surroundings for any possible onlookers. 
“You won’t leave me, will you? Please don’t leave me. Dad, Mom, I’m so sad. Don’t leave me, please,” Jessica begged, looking utterly inconsolable.
Am I dreaming? If I am, I don’t ever want to wake up… Jessica thought hazily. “Hey, wake up! I’m not your Dad or your Mom, Jessica, I’m Larry!” Larry grabbed Jessica by her shoulders and shook her vigorously. 
“What? Larry? Impossible. How could that bastard be here? You’re definitely not him. He’s a jerk, do you know that? He was rubbing his relationship with his wife in my face. He knows that I like him, but he did it on purpose to hurt me. Don’t you think that’s rather terrible of him?” Jessica blearily peered at Larry as she bellowed at him. 
“He’s not terrible. He’s a good man,” Larry replied gently, patting Jessica on the head. “He just doesn’t want you to continue liking him and get hurt even more.” 
“No! He’s terrible! He’s the worst person on earth! I hate him!” Jessica roared vehemently, then slapped Larry violently across his face without warning. 
His face smarting from the blow, Larry felt a surge of rage rise within him. Does this woman know what she’s saying? he thought angrily. 
“Don’t touch me! You have no right to touch me!” Jessica began shrieking. She struggled to retreat a distance away from Larry. 
Jessica had clearly gone mad. She wouldn’t have had the audacity to make such a scene in public otherwise. 
Frowning, Larry stepped forward and said firmly, “Fine. I’ll send you home. Don’t embarrass yourself anymore here.” 
“I feel sick. It’s really hot,” Jessica gasped. She reached for her shirt, ready to pull it off.
###Chapter 2253
Chapter 2253 
Everyone around them shot glances at them in unison. Larry was overcome with embarrassment, but Jessica couldn’t seem to care less, singing at the top of her lungs while taking off her clothes. 
“You’re the most beautiful…” The woman’s resounding voice gathered many passers-by at the hotel entrance. 
“Huh? What’s wrong with this woman?” 
“No idea. Maybe she’s drunk.” 
“Look at her boyfriend. He’s so charming.” 
A few passers-by mumbled beside them. 
Feeling the intensity of their gazes, Larry grabbed hold of her arm and dragged her away. 
“Stop!” Jessica bellowed in the direction of the entrance all of a sudden. 
Her sudden scream startled Larry. Turning around, he glanced at the woman with a puzzled face. 
What is she trying to do again? She has had a feast and drunk more than enough wine. What else does she want? 
Unexpectedly, Jessica stepped forward, stretched out her hands, and cupped Larry’s face. To everyone’s surprise, she pressed her lips against his. 
“Wow!” In an instant, the two were greeted with rapturous cheers and applause.
Later, she let go of his face, squinting her eyes at him with her lips pouted. Her brows snapped together in disdain. “What’s that? It tastes so awful.” 
Her comment amused everyone around them. 
“Look at her. How adorable! You’re nowhere near as romantic as her.” 
“Be with her then. Why are you with me?” 
“I really envy them. This is the kind of love every woman longs for.” 
The people watching the scene discussed among themselves excitedly. 
They admired Jessica’s courage to take the initiative to kiss the man, envious of her charming and stunning boyfriend. 
However, none of them noticed Larry’s stern and furious expression. 
This damned woman! She can’t stop stirring up trouble! 
“Hey, Jessica. Sober up!” Larry shook her arms, trying to wake her up, but to no avail. The woman was completely unresponsive. 
Damn it. Joan is going to overthink things if she finds out about this. 
“I want to go home… Let me sleep…” Jessica murmured. 
Why am I so unlucky? I must have lost my mind when I suggested treating her to a meal. No, no… I’ll have to bring Caspian along next time. 
Click! Click! Click! In a secluded corner, a man with a cap kept taking photos of the scene.
Suddenly, Jessica grabbed ahold of Larry’s tie. 
In the next second, the man’s shirt was covered with vomit. 
“Jessica!” Unable to hold back anymore, he yelled at the woman. Dragging her out of the entrance, he shoved her into the car. 
Long after, Larry finally sent Jessica home. Without hesitation, he drove to the office straight away. 
On the next day, the sunlight shone through the window onto the floor, making the bedroom warm and quiet. The woman on the bed stretched herself, rubbing her eyes while trying to recall yesterday’s incident. 
Crap! Jessica sat up at once. 
What have I done last night? Where’s Larry? Did anything happen between us? Afterward, she sprinted to the living room, bathroom, kitchen, and dining room… 
Phew! Thank God he isn’t here. That means nothing happened between us. It almost scared me to death. 
Jessica heaved a sigh of relief. 
Achoo! Achoo! 
Joan had lost count of how many times she had sneezed and coughed today since she woke up this morning. I’ve bundled up these days. Why did I still catch a cold? 
“Mom, eat some medicines.” Lucius scampered over to her. 
“Okay, Lucius. Go to school now, or else you’ll be late,” Joan said, stroking his head.
“Sure. Mom, remember to eat the medicines.” 
“What’s wrong with you? Did you catch a cold?” Delilah asked while walking over to her. 
“Yeah, maybe.” 
“You should probably see a doctor.” With that, Delilah left the living room.
###Chapter 2254
Chapter 2254 
Never mind, I’ll be fine after taking the medicines. There’s no need to see a doctor. 
Half an hour later, Joan showed up in front of the supermarket. 
“You’re here.” 
“Joan, how are you today?” 
“Let’s go out for lunch together later.” 
Huh? What’s wrong with them? Why are they being so caring towards me all of a sudden? This isn’t like them at all. Usually, they tease and make fun of me jokingly. They seem different today. Do they know I’m having a cold? They’re quite observant if they could tell I’m under the weather without me having to tell them. 
The corner of Joan’s lips curled up into a delighted smile. 
“Hey, Joan, did you read today’s newspaper?” 
“Shut up!” another colleague shouted. 
The entire place fell silent, and the air stilled. 
Newspaper? I was in a rush today, so I didn’t have time to read it. 
She ambled over to them while asking, “Did anything interesting happen? Tell me about it.” 
“Nothing interesting happened. It’s just that the government announced some new laws. Other than that, it’s quite boring actually. Hey, are you free tonight? Let’s hang out.”
Forget about hanging out. I’m so exhausted lately, dozing off when I go home after work every day. I could barely stay awake, let alone hang out. ”No, I’m not going. I need to take a good rest.” 
“But Joan, you need some free and leisure time too.” 
“No. As a married woman, I’m not interested in hanging out. I need to do my house chores and cook after work,” Joan mumbled. 
In fact, she could hire a housemaid, as suggested by Larry before. However, she didn’t want to stand out among the villagers. 
“Tag along and keep us company, please. We’ll be so bored if you’re not around.” 
“Joan, what’s the point of being so hardworking? Men are all unfaithful,” a woman at the end screamed. 
“What are you talking about? Can’t you shut your mouth?” 
“That’s right. Cut the nonsense!” 
The woman who opened her mouth was instantly bombarded with criticism. She meant no evil, but she had been overly blunt. 
Immediately, Joan grew alert. Are they hiding something from me? 
Despite their effort to keep her in the dark, she eventually read the newspaper. 
There were two familiar faces on it. One was Larry’s, while the other was Jessica’s. Below the photo was a jaw-dropping headline: A Pretty Woman Pursues A Man By Boldly Kissing Him. 
“Hmm… Joan, don’t worry, it could be a misunderstanding. Just ask Larry about the matter when you see him.”
“Yeah, someone might’ve done this on purpose or written this for fun.” 
“Let’s not think too much, okay?” 
Everyone tried their best to console her, afraid that she might do anything to hurt herself. 
No wonder he didn’t come home last night. Now I know he went on a date with another woman. They even kissed in public! Is he that desperate? How could he mess around with a woman who had just lost her parents? 
“Stop chattering and go back to work,” Dustin warned sternly, marching over to them. 
She’s fine. Their words will only make things worse. Dustin’s gaze grew cold. 
“Do you need to take a day off?” he asked Joan in a low voice. 
“No. I’ll work today. It’s been so long since I last came to work,” she answered slowly. Her eyes were brimming with tears. 
“It’s alright. Let me handle it. Go home and take a rest.” While speaking, Dustin took the box in her hand away. 
No, I can’t let it affect my job. I’ve already taken many leaves, so I can’t leave the supermarket today.
###Chapter 2255
Chapter 2255 
It’s just an affair. Don’t sweat it. Nothing is more important than having my own source of income. Joan assured herself inwardly while bustling about. 
“Don’t worry, I’m fine,” she said to Dustin. 
The man raised an eyebrow disbelievingly. Yeah, she seems really calm, but I bet she’s having an emotional breakdown on the inside. Staring at the woman in front of him, he felt his heart ache for her. 
I know Joan too well. If she has a choice, she’ll never show her emotions on her face. 
“Joan, I’m here for you if you ever need anything. You can always rely on me.” Dustin gently patted her shoulder. 
In an instant, a warm and fuzzy feeling shot through Joan. 
In retrospect, I’m really grateful for Dustin’s companionship over the years. If it wasn’t for him, I wouldn’t have understood many things in life. 
“Okay, sure,” she nonchalantly replied as she kept her head down, 
A few colleagues gazed at her with worry written all over their faces. 
All this while, they thought she and Larry respected and loved each other deeply. Never had they expected Larry to have an affair. 
“Men are just unreliable, so women have to learn to make money themselves. Otherwise, who is going to fend for us if we get a divorce?” one of them babbled on. 
“Stop talking. She’s already feeling sad,” another employee whispered.
Throughout the day, Joan wasn’t in the right frame of mind. Yet, no one blamed her. Dustin even got someone else to redo whatever she had done. 
There were many employees in the supermarket, mostly married women. Hence, most of them could put themselves in Joan’s shoes. They were normally very friendly to her, treating her as their biological sister. 
Nevertheless, a handful of the younger and good-looking ones were jealous of her close friendship with Dustin. 
“Joan, what on earth are you doing? If you don’t feel like working, go home and sleep! Don’t stick around and waste everybody’s time!” Finally, a young woman couldn’t resist bawling at her. 
Huh? What did I do to make her so angry? Perplexed, Joan swiftly turned her head around and glanced at her curiously. “What’s wrong?” 
“Look at what you’ve done! How many products have you placed wrongly? The manager asked me not to tell you, but to rearrange the products behind you quietly. I’m busy too! I have a lot on my plate, yet I have to come over and help you. Can you be more careful? It’s just an affair! Don’t make a big fuss out of it! There’s no good husband in our society anymore!” she ridiculed in a serious tone. 
She was right. The people in the current society were too impetuous and fickle-minded. A long-lasting and unchanging love was only a lie. 
“I’m sorry. Go ahead and do what you need to. I’ll settle this myself,” Joan said with embarrassment. She quickly retreated her steps and reorganized the items. 
This woman is annoying. What’s the big deal that her husband has a mistress? She can do the same too. If she really can’t stand it, get a divorce! No matter who leaves or betrays you, life still goes on.
With her lips pouted, the young woman stomped away from the area which Joan was in charge of. 
“Can’t you be more compassionate?” 
“Why should I? I was just pointing out the truth!” 
“Okay, okay, okay… Whatever you say is right.” 
Another colleague tried to reason with the young woman. 
In the meantime, Joan was still doing her job, but more carefully now. 
I got it. No matter what, I have to live well on my own. She’s right. No one truly can’t live without another person. 
Soon, it was time to get off from work. All the employees in the supermarket were getting ready to go home, stealing glances at Joan from time to time.
###Chapter 2256
Chapter 2256 
“Hi, Joan. Do you want to go shopping together?” one of her colleagues approached her and asked cautiously. 
“No, thank you. I’m tired today. I need to rest,” she replied in a soft voice. 
“Stop asking her to go shopping with you. What else is more effective than sleeping?” the young woman spoke up. 
The atmosphere froze instantly. 
Long after, Joan was left alone in the lounge. Lying on a couch, she stared blankly at the ceiling. How am I going to face Larry? Should I interrogate him or pretend like nothing happened? 
Suddenly, her phone beeped. 
The woman swiped to unlock her phone. Caiden had sent her some photos of Larry sending Jessica home. 
Joan couldn’t help but sigh helplessly the moment she saw the pictures. Her gaze appeared even more lifeless now. 
Larry, didn’t you say that the woman is only a friend of yours? Didn’t you tell me that nothing going on between you two? How are you going to explain the kiss you two shared last night? 
Clenching her fists, Joan seemed a little forlorn. 
“Let’s go. I’m taking you out for a delicious meal.” Dustin pushed the door open. 
“I don’t want to go anywhere,” she declined, wiping the tears off her face.
Meanwhile, in the office. “Larry, what the hell is wrong with you?” Caspian asked in distress. There was a hint of anger in his tone. 
What happened to Caspian today? Why is he talking so harshly? Did Jessica pull some sort of prank on him again? 
Amused, Larry chuckled and answered casually, “What’s the matter? I’m at work.” 
Caspian seemed distraught. It seems like he hasn’t read the newspaper today. He doesn’t even know he has made the headline. 
“Take a look at today’s newspaper, you bigwig. You’d better think about how you’re going to explain things to Joan.” Caspian then hung up on him. 
What should I explain to her? Haven’t I done that two days ago? I’ve already come clean with her. 
“My goodness. What’s wrong with Larry? How did this scandal come about?” 
“Yeah. Is Jessica really his mistress?” 
“Why did Mr. Norton do that? Joan is so nice. How could he have an affair?” 
As Larry sauntered toward the pantry, he heard a few employees who were working overtime whispering to each other. 
What the hell are they talking about? Since when do I have a mistress? I love Joan more than anything else in this world! These people have nothing better to do, spouting nonsense mindlessly. I’m surprised they actually have the nerve to gossip about me. 
“What are you talking about?” To their horror, Larry suddenly showed up in front of them. 
Instantly, looks of embarrassment crossed the employee’s faces.
“Hmm… Nothing, Mr. Norton. We’re only chatting while taking a short break,” one of them replied hurriedly. 
The rest of them took a few steps back with fear glinting in their eyes. 
No… I’m certain they know something I don’t. 
“Tell me everything you said just now. I want nothing but the truth. Otherwise, you won’t be allowed to stay in this company,” Larry demanded coldly. 
“Okay, okay, I’ll tell you, Mr. Norton. But please don’t fire me.” 
Then, the employee relayed everything that was in the newspaper to him. 
What? Jessica and I made the headline? Did they just say I abandoned my wife? Who made such nonsense up? When the employee finished speaking, Larry was smoldering with fury. 
“Give me the newspaper now!” 
Flipping through the newspaper, the man read the news over and over again. Someone had seen the scene of Jessica kissing him when she was drunk and made a drama out of it. 
I knew trouble would come my way, but I didn’t expect it to be so severe. Not only will Joan find out about it! Everyone in the city will know of it as well. 
Sh*t! My reputation is definitely in tatters in the eyes of some government officials. 
“This is only a misunderstanding. Alright, get back to work.” Holding the newspaper, Larry went into his office.
###Chapter 2257
Chapter 2257 
Sitting on the couch, Larry looked up at the ceiling with a murderous look. How dare they make fun of me? I have to teach them a lesson. 
Thinking briefly, he took his phone and dialed a number, but the call didn’t get through. 
At the same time, Joan was still lying on the couch with her eyes closed. She didn’t bother checking her phone at all. 
Beside her, Dustin was waiting patiently for her to pull herself together. 
“Alright, let’s go,” the woman said while standing up. 
“Where to?” he asked quickly. 
“Let’s take a walk. I feel like having a barbecue.” 
“Sure,” he replied. She can have anything she wants as long as she’s happy. Then, the man seemed to have thought of something and asked, “Joan, your phone rang several times just now. Do you want to call the person back?” 
“No. Let’s go all out and have fun tonight!” she declared. 
It looks like she’s going to get over it soon. I’m glad things have turned out this way. It gives me an opportunity to keep her company. Larry, should I thank you for this chance? 
Dustin let out a snigger before leaving. 
“Where are we going? How about the beach?”
Joan was thrilled and elated by the idea. “Yes, let’s go to the beach!” 
Soon, the car pulled over on a beach. Everything they needed seemed to have been prepared beforehand. 
“Wow! Dustin, when did you prepare all these? I only decided to come here at the last minute.” Joan eyed the man in front of her speculatively, feeling amazed. 
“I did it when you said you wanted to have a barbecue. I remember you said that you love doing this on a beach while enjoying the breeze and watching the waves and the moon,” the man replied gradually. 
All of a sudden, Joan felt touched. 
All these years, Larry never knew of this odd idea of hers because he didn’t like the fact that she enjoyed eating junk food. 
“Dustin, thank you,” Joan said from the bottom of her heart and tilted her head in gratitude. 
“Wait, what are you doing? That’s not what friends do! Don’t do that to me. You make me feel so old,” he joked on purpose. 
A smile broke across Joan’s face at Dustin’s attempt to lighten the mood. Later, the two started grilling the food. 
“Take a seat and do nothing. I’ll prepare the food for you,” she said. 
“Okay. Would you like some beer?” 
“Of course, how can we not have beers with barbecue?” 
Standing up, the man ran toward a convenience store next to the beach.
The store owner laughed heartily at the sight of Dustin. “It’s been a while since you last came. This is a gift for you.” 
“Oh, no, how can I take this for free? Let me pay for it. We come here regularly. You’ll suffer losses if you do this every time we come,” Dustin rejected immediately. 
Unable to argue against the store owner, he invited him and his children to join the barbecue at the beach. 
There were only a few of them, but the beach instantly became livelier. 
The store owner took out some glow sticks, brightening up their surroundings. Swaying the glow sticks, all of them sang merrily under the starry night sky, while the children ran around and screamed joyously. Even Joan was all smiles while barbecuing, looking though she had not heard about Larry’s affair. 
“Joan, let me help you. Take a break.” The store owner’s daughter came over to Joan. 
“That’s sweet of you. No worries, go head and have fun. I can handle this myself,” Joan replied. 
“No, let’s do it together.” With that, the girl began skewering the meat. 
What a cute and obedient girl. Joan smiled with contentment. 
“Are you still waiting for Joan to accept you?” the store owner asked Dustin suddenly. 
The latter let out a sigh. Of course, or else I would’ve gone overseas, but I don’t know how long I’ll need to wait. 
“No, we’re only close friends now,” he answered lightly.
###Chapter 2258
Chapter 2258 
“Really? I can tell that this is not the case. Stop waiting. It’s not worth it,” the store owner advised in a low voice, gazing at the sea with narrowed eyes. 
In the meantime, Larry darted into the living room hurriedly. “Ms. Young, has Joan come back?” 
“No,” Delilah answered in a frigid tone. 
She had read today’s newspaper as well. That was why she was treating him coldly. 
The man’s heart filled with trepidation. Where is she now? Could it be the supermarket? That can’t be. It’s already late, so she must have gotten off from work. 
“Larry, can you tell me what you’re thinking about?” the woman on the couch questioned. 
“Ms. Young, I’ll explain everything to you later. I need to look for Joan now.” 
With that said, he was about to leave. Without a doubt, I want to spend the rest of my life and grow old together with Joan. 
“Stop looking for her already!” Delilah yelled at him suddenly. 
What? What does she mean? Larry stopped in his tracks upon hearing her outburst. 
“She would’ve come home without you asking if she had wanted to see you.” 
“What should I do now?” he asked with an anxious expression. 
Ms. Young is right. Joan wouldn’t have ignored my calls otherwise. But I still have to clear the air with her. The kiss shared between me and Jessica was nothing but an accident.
“Wait for her to come back. You can do nothing other than wait,” Delilah replied firmly. 
But I can’t wait any longer. Every minute feels torturous to me. 
After a moment of hesitation, Larry picked his jacket up and strode out of the living room. 
Afterward, his car pulled over in front of the supermarket, which was dark and quiet now. It was already closed. 
Is she with Dustin again? 
Larry had his guard up all of a sudden. 
Every time Joan and I get into a fight, Dustin always shows up on the dot to stay by her side. Could it be that they went drinking again? 
“Joan, this is for you. I grilled it myself. Try it.” The girl handed her a lamb skewer. 
Joan took a sniff of the food, commenting, “It smells so appetizing.” 
“Joan, do you want a bottle of beer?” Dustin asked from some distance away. 
“Sure. I’ll come over.” She stood up and ran to his side. 
“Don’t drink too much, or else Larry is going to nag you again. He doesn’t like you drinking, right?” the man mumbled while patting her shoulder. 
“Hmph!” Joan sneered. 
Larry? What right does he have to lecture me? What I do is none of his business. Who is he to control me when he can’t even discipline himself? What a joke!
She lifted a bottle and shouted, “No worries, forget about him for now. I’ll drink as much as I want. Come on, have a toast for our friendship!” 
Embarrassment washed over Dustin. It turns out that in her heart, we’re just friends. When are we going to become lovers then? I wish I could cuddle her to sleep, kiss, and talk to her while hugging her. 
“What’s wrong? What are you thinking?” Joan nudged his arm once. 
“What else? He’s thinking about you,” the store owner beside him said out of the blue. 
Joan felt awkward at his words. Though she knew Dustin’s feelings for her, she had been running away from it. 
“Dustin, can you help me?” the girl nearby called out. 
“I’m coming!” he answered and dashed toward her straight away. 
“The two of you are really weird. People usually can’t stay friends after one has confessed his feelings and been rejected. But you two remain as close as before! It’s as if nothing happened,” the store owner commented deliberately. 
However, that wasn’t the truth. 
One of them simply feigned ignorance, while the other avoided talking about it. Neither of them wanted to ruin the harmony between them.
###Chapter 2259
Chapter 2259 
Joan had once told Dustin to go overseas to pursue his dreams, but he insisted on staying back, claiming to be a patriot. 
Despite knowing that he only wanted to keep her company, she refused to overthink their relationship. She believed that Dustin would soon meet an ideal woman who was more compatible with him than she was. 
“What’s so weird? It’s just that we get on really well. Speaking of which, I’m indebted to him,” Joan replied softly. 
“Joan, if you had never met Larry, or if you met Dustin first, would you choose to be with Dustin instead?” the store owner asked. 
To Joan, this was a meaningless question – it would never happen anyways. If given a choice, she would rather not meet Larry at all. 
“Let’s say you never met your late wife. What would you do?” she questioned him in return. 
Immediately, he chuckled and averted his gaze. 
“Dad, this is for you. Joan, this is yours.” The store owner’s daughter came and handed them a few lamb skewers. 
“I never once regretted meeting her. She’s the best thing I could ever have,” the store owner answered, looking at his daughter. 
With a contented expression, Joan gave him a smile.
This is how life is, full of twists and turns, ups and downs. Misfortunes didn’t last forever and would vanish one day. 
“Joan.” Dustin ran up to her. 
Standing up, the store owner murmured, “I’ll give you guys some space.” 
“How are you doing? Are you feeling better now?” Dustin squatted beside her, asking with much concern. 
“Mmm, I’m fine. Don’t worry.” Joan flashed him a smile. 
It’s alright. Every cloud has a silver lining. Things seem more positive now since I’ve thought it through. My conscience is clear when it comes to both my friendship and love. 
“Dustin, let me give you a toast.” With that, Joan raised her bottle of beer. 
It seems like her mood has lifted. The man’s lips twitched up into a satisfied smile. 
“Let’s drink till we’re drunk!” 
At the same time, the two children chatted with each other nearby. “I want to eat chicken wings.” 
“Here you go. Be careful, it’s a little hot.” 
How adorable. They reminded Joan of Lucius. I wonder if Lucius is asleep. Has he eaten his dinner? 
“Don’t worry, Delilah is there to take care of him,” Dustin mumbled. 
She’s thinking about Lucius again.
Tilting her head to glance at him, she broke into a fit of laughter. “Dustin, since when could you read my mind?” 
“I’ve always been able to do that,” he answered, jokingly serious. 
Perhaps it was because of the alcohol. Joan’s face gradually flushed bright red. 
Meanwhile, Larry barged into a ward and questioned directly, “Caspian, has Joan come here?” 
Look, something must have gone out of hand. 
The man on the hospital bed breathed a sigh. 
“No, Joan never came here,” he answered impassively. 
Oh no. Where did Joan go? One whole night has passed. Did something happen to her? Larry appeared utterly troubled. 
I told him to keep his boundaries and stay away from Jessica. Yet, they ended up kissing each other, and they even made the headline. 
Caspian shook his head. 
When he saw the news yesterday, not only was he disappointed, but he felt enraged too. 
“Caspian, trust me. Nothing is going on between Jessica and I.” 
So? What other excuses does he have for me? 
Caspian let out a snigger. I guess not. I respect Jessica’s decision. 
“Larry, you don’t have to say another thing. I understand,” he replied in a deep voice.
###Chapter 2260
Chapter 2260 
What would he know? It was obviously an impulsive decision Jessica made when she was drunk. 
“Alright, we’ll talk later. I need to look for Joan now. I’ll explain to you soon.” Larry left immediately after he was done. 
However, Caspian didn’t need his explanation. All he wanted to know were Jessica’s intentions. 
After some time, the woman slowly made her way into the ward, feeling a little awkward. 
Should I explain myself? I must’ve gone crazy yesterday. How could I do such a shameless thing? 
She had already decided to give up on Larry, but she ended up kissing him when she was drunk. How am I supposed to tell Caspian about this? 
“Um, I know that you like grapefruit, so I bought some for you, Caspian,” she said softly. 
What is she doing here? 
He turned away from her and looked out the window, his eyes filled with disappointment. 
At that moment, Caspian didn’t wish to see her. Overwhelmed with confusion, all he wanted to do was contemplate his next move in solitude. Should I continue working for Larry or go for something different? 
“What’s wrong, Caspian? Are you feeling unwell?” Jessica asked. 
Yes. I am unwell. My heart’s broken, but can you even mend it? 
The man sneered as he replied coldly, “It’s nothing. I’m fine.”
It was the first time Jessica witnessed him acting like this. For some unknown reason, she was disheartened to see him in such a sullen state. 
“Um… What happened between Larry and me was really just an accident. Please don’t misunderstand,” the woman murmured. 
Is that any of my business? Whether they are just friends or lovers, none of that is important to me anymore. 
Caspian said nothing as he stared out the window. 
“Please say something, Caspian. It’s making me feel terrible,” she said suddenly. 
The man blinked before he quickly turned around to look at her. Instantly, he noticed the sadness in her eyes. 
“I want to eat the grapefruits,” he said after a moment. 
Jessica became excited in an instant, and she went to cut the fruit up for him. 
“Let me tell you, grapefruits can actually help to dissipate body heat…” she said. 
That’s right. I am indeed burning with anger now. 
“Were you feeling angry earlier?” she asked. 
“No.” 
Yeah, right. You looked like you were going to murder someone. Who are you kidding? 
The woman pouted, looking cute.
In truth, he had no right to be angry. He was just a friend of hers, so it didn’t make sense for him to be mad at her because of her personal affairs. 
Caspian suddenly looked forlorn. 
Meanwhile, at the beach, Dustin and Joan were fast asleep on their recliners, and they had no idea that it was already morning. 
“Come and catch me if you can!” 
“Hey! Slow down or you’re going to fall!” 
“Come on. There are so many seashells here.” 
The sound of children playing nearby woke Joan up. She slowly opened her eyes and scanned her surroundings. 
Where am I? She rubbed her eyes and stood up slowly. 
The beach? Did I not go home yesterday? Is this a prank? I didn’t get drunk again, did I? 
Sh*t! I didn’t notify Ms. Young. She must be worried sick! 
The woman immediately whipped out her phone and called Delilah. 
“You damned brat! Where are you, Joan? You weren’t home the whole night. I’m surprised that you even remembered to call me,” the latter shouted over the phone. 
This time, she was infuriated for real. Delilah felt that even though Joan was mad at Larry, she should have at least told her that she wasn’t going to be home.
“Um, Ms. Young, please don’t be angry. I had too much to drink last night. That’s why I forgot to notify you…” Joan explained. 
She drank again! A vexed expression instantly appeared on the elderly woman’s face.
###Chapter 2261
Chapter 2261 
“Who’s with you right now? Where are you? What are you doing?” 
“I’m at the beach with Dustin now. Don’t worry. I’m fine, Ms. Young,” she quickly answered, afraid that Delilah would get angry again if she didn’t make herself clear. 
“When will you be back?” 
“I won’t be going back now. I’m heading straight to work at the supermarket after this, so I’ll only be home once I get off work.” 
Oh? This girl is getting bolder. 
“No way. Come home now and get changed!” Delilah shouted before hanging up the call. 
This is the last chance I’m able to fight for you, Larry. If you don’t make the best of it, you’ll have to settle it on your own. 
She pursed her lips and walked into the kitchen. 
“What’s wrong? Did something happen?” Dustin asked. 
“It’s nothing. Ms. Young wants me to go home,” Joan replied. 
Well, it’s true that I have to change my clothes. Otherwise, the staff working at the supermarket will start some weird rumor when they see Dustin and me wearing the same clothes from yesterday. 
Besides, there are a few chicks at the supermarket who have their eyes on Dustin. I wouldn’t dare to offend them.
Larry had been tossing and turning in his bed the whole night. The sun was already shining brightly outside, but he had no intention of getting up at all. 
He was waiting for the woman to come home. 
“Time for breakfast, Larry!” Delilah shouted from the kitchen. 
“Coming,” he quickly answered but didn’t get up from his bed. 
“Do you want Joan to make fun of you when she comes home later? Get up now!” Delilah purposely added. 
Hmm? Joan’s coming home? 
Larry instantly got up and ran to the washroom to wash up. 
“Grandma, didn’t Mom come home last night? Where did she go?” Lucius asked. 
Coincidentally, Joan arrived when the boy finished speaking. Before she could even answer, Larry was already downstairs. He asked while looking at her miserably, “I’ve been waiting for you all night, Joan. Where have you been?” 
Why were you even waiting for me? To explain the scandal in the news? 
The woman shot him a dirty look but said nothing. 
Larry’s heart clenched when she gave him such a cold response. “Can you listen to my explanation first? It’s not what you think it is. There’s really nothing going on with Jessica and me,” he tried to convince her. 
Nothing’s going on? You kissed! How open-minded of you if you think that way.
A cold glint flashed across Joan’s eyes. She didn’t want to listen to anything that came from him, even if it was about matters concerning her. 
She was tired and wanted to take a rest. 
“Joan!” Larry grabbed her arm and yelled right when she was about to leave. 
“What are you trying to say? I don’t want to hear any of your explanations. I’m busy, mister. Can you let go of my arm now?” she said coldly. 
Seeing that she was actually angry, Larry started to get mad as well. 
“And what about you? Where have you been last night? You were with Dustin, weren’t you? Did you go to a hotel with him again?” Fury boiled in him every time he thought about her being with that man, and he couldn’t contain his emotions anymore. 
“Yes, I was with him. And I did go to a hotel with him! At least I dared to admit it. What about you? You don’t even have the guts to admit to something you did. Do you still call yourself a man?” Joan bellowed as she pried his hands off before turning to leave. 
This was the first time Joan had been so angry at him. 
She had never been so disappointed in the man. 
“Hey, where are you going, Joan? You haven’t had breakfast yet!” Delilah shouted from the kitchen. 
“I’m going to work. I’m not eating!” Joan answered without even turning back. 
Larry was left frozen on the spot, looking lonesome.
How could she say that about me? I’m her husband. Shouldn’t she choose to believe me? A look of agony appeared on his face as he held his head in his hands.
###Chapter 2262
Chapter 2262 
“It’s time to eat, Larry,” Delilah urged. 
“I’m not eating,” he answered softly. 
Delilah stared at the untouched food before her and sighed. Looks like this is all going to waste. 
Meanwhile, at the supermarket, the staff were already in their assigned areas, waiting for the customers’ arrival. Joan was checking the products on the shelves with a solemn look on her face. 
“Are you okay, Joan?” her colleague asked worriedly. 
“Of course. Why wouldn’t I be?” she answered with a smile. 
Huh? What’s going on? Her husband is having an affair, yet she’s acting as though nothing happened. Isn’t she moving on too quickly? Or maybe she’s already given up on him. 
“You can tell me if you’re feeling distressed, Joan. We’ll all help you out. Well, actually, we’ve already come up with a plan. As long as we have your permission, we’ll carry it out right away,” her colleague said awkwardly. 
“Tell me about it,” Joan responded as she read through the notebook in her hands. 
“We’re planning to teach Larry a lesson,” the former answered. 
Joan froze at her words but quickly recollected herself. “There’s no need for that. We have nothing to do with each other from now on, so don’t do anything reckless.” 
What? Her colleague stared at her in confusion. He’s the one who betrayed her. He should be taught a lesson!
“Don’t be such a coward, Joan. You can’t let him off just like that.” The flustered colleague raised her volume. 
“What are you doing? Get to work!” Dustin yelled a short distance away. 
The woman quickly left at that. 
Of course, Joan wasn’t being a coward; she just couldn’t be bothered with it anymore. 
In fact, she had everything planned out. Since Delilah owned another house in the village, she intended to move there and cool her head off. 
Perhaps during this period of time, staying away from him would be the best way to heal her emotional wounds. 
“Do you want to get lunch together?” Dustin asked as he walked over. 
“You can go ahead. I’m not hungry. Besides, I need to settle some stuff later,” Joan answered. 
She knew that Larry saw Dustin and Caiden as his love rivals. Even though there were some issues with their relationship now, she didn’t want him to misunderstand her further. 
Later on, she gave Delilah a call and told her that she was going to move out. 
“You don’t have to go to such great lengths, Joan. It’s not a big deal. Why are you doing this?” the latter said. 
It’s not a big deal even though he cheated? Besides, if it was really a misunderstanding, why didn’t he move away when Jessica kissed him? He even looked like he was enjoying the kiss!
“Ms. Young, I’ve already thought everything through. I want to move out. Please don’t tell Larry where I’ll be. I need some time alone,” Joan insisted. 
“Is that so? What about me? What about your child? Do you have the heart to leave us?” 
“I am reluctant to leave you both, but you can come and visit me anytime you want. It’s your house anyway,” Joan said. 
She had already made up her mind, and nothing could change her decision. Delilah shook her head and sighed. Has their marriage come to an end already? Is there really no chance of them getting back together anymore? 
Oh, Larry! You fool! 
“Alright, Ms. Young, I’ll hang up now. I still have to work.” 
“Okay,” Delilah answered with a nod. 
Fine. I’ll just let her be. As long as she’s happy. 
In the meantime, Caspian lounged on the hospital bed as he flipped through a magazine, clearly displeased. Jessica was typing away on her laptop and would cast him a side-glance from time to time, feeling upset.
###Chapter 2263
Chapter 2263 
Why is he still mad? It’s already been days, and I’ve told him that I didn’t do it on purpose. 
The woman scratched the back of her head, feeling frustrated. 
“Hey, Caspian. Do you wanna hear a joke?” she said. 
“I’m reading a magazine,” he answered without hesitation. 
This was the first time Caspian had rejected her. 
In truth, however, he wasn’t feeling good about it either. Yet, whenever he thought of the kiss from the news, anger burned in him. To make matters worse, the man who kissed Jessica was none other than Larry. 
“How long more are you going to stay mad at me? I already admitted to my mistake, so why do you still act as though I owe you eight million?” 
Finally, she snapped. 
“It’s only five million at most,” the man retorted. 
Jessica couldn’t control herself and burst out giggling. She didn’t expect him to be so humorous. 
“It’s already been a few days. Why are you still mad?” she asked as she patted his shoulder. 
“Really? Was it that obvious?” Caspian asked as he stared at the woman before him. 
Duh! You’re always pulling a long face. What else could you be feeling if not mad? 
“Alright. Don’t be angry anymore. It was just an accident,” she insisted.
Of course, that’s what both Larry and Jessica think, but not for some people. Caspian sighed at the thought of it. 
“What is it this time?” Jessica quickly asked. 
“You better explain what actually happened to Joan for the sake of Larry. I’m sure both of them are still in a fight,” he told her softly. 
No way… Larry and Joan have such a strong bond. How is it possible that there isn’t even the least bit of trust between them? 
“Oh, please. Their relationship’s indestructible. Besides, they’re married. Why would Joan be doubtful of Larry all because of a piece of entertainment news?” Jessica mumbled, thinking that Caspian must be overthinking it. 
Caspian actually understood her quite well. Sometimes, she might act as though she didn’t care about something, but in truth, it was quite the opposite. 
“Are you a woman?” he asked. 
What kind of question is this? Jessica’s expression turned ugly. Can’t he tell if I’m a woman? 
“How can you not know how a woman’s mind works? Could it be that you haven’t been in a relationship before? But that doesn’t make sense. There should be a lot of men pursuing a woman like you. Were you never jealous when you were in your past relationships?” he asked. 
Since when did he become so nosy? Jessica turned around, refusing to answer his question. 
“Alright, then. Just stay away from Larry in the future,” Caspian deliberately changed the topic.
“What do you want to eat? I’ll go get it for you.” The woman didn’t want to continue the conversation anymore. No way. I’m still waiting for Larry to make a comeback. 
“Anything is fine.” 
Anything again? Jessica’s eyes dimmed. It was all because they ate at a random restaurant the other day that she ended up drunk and did such an embarrassing thing. 
Caspian was the only one left in the ward. He had his phone in hand and was hesitating to make a call. However, he ended up dialing the number anyway. 
“What is it?” The familiar voice sounded sweet as always, and the corner of his lips tilted upwards upon hearing it. 
I guess she’s doing well. She must be living a happy life with Jory now. 
“Um, you should go visit Joan if you have the time,” he said. 
What’s going on? What happened to Joan? Did she fight with Larry again? 
“What happened? Spit it out!” Nancy ordered firmly. 
As expected, she didn’t read the news. 
“What? He cheated on her? How is it possible? Larry would never do something like that. These reporters are so full of crap!” the woman couldn’t help growling.
###Chapter 2264
Chapter 2264 
“That’s why I think Joan is really upset now. You should go and talk to her.” 
“I don’t think so. Joan isn’t the petty type, alright? She trusts Larry fully. Most probably, you are the one who overthinks,” Nancy responded without much care. 
Caspian grew fed up with her carefree attitude. She’s behaving exactly like Jessica! No wonder Jessica mentioned that she likes her. 
“Please go and check on her, just in case!” Caspian could no longer hold back his anxiousness. 
“Wow. Caspian, are you raising your voice at me? How dare you? Are you over your head because of Jessica?” Nancy provoked deliberately, discontent with his attitude. 
Caspian was evidently into Jessica, but it seemed too soon to assume that they would end up together. 
“Alright, I got it. I will leave shortly.” Upon saying that, Nancy hung up the phone abruptly. 
The media nowadays is truly corrupted. How could they publish such a rumor without confirming its validity? 
Once again, Nancy turned on her phone and made a call. 
“Where should we meet? Okay. I will go there after work. Yeah, I miss you too. It has been so long.” It was Joan’s voice at the other end. 
Joan was not surprised by Nancy’s sudden invitation, as she figured the latter most probably wanted to persuade her to trust Larry. However, deep down in her heart, all these were unnecessary anymore. 
Right after work, Joan headed to a restaurant.
“Hi, Joan. Long time no see. Shall we have a drink together?” Nancy greeted her with a friendly smile. 
Joan immediately voiced her concern. “I don’t think that’s a good idea. Aren’t you pregnant?” 
“Joan, what are you talking about? I meant coffee. Did I say wine?” 
In an instant, Joan’s face reddened from embarrassment. 
During that hour, the restaurant was relatively peaceful as there were not many customers. Even the upbeat jazz music from the day shift had been replaced by some melancholic cello pieces. 
“Joan, I have always been a straightforward person. Since you’re here, I will get right to the point. I have heard all about you and Larry. I want to say that I know him well enough to know that he is not…” 
“Nancy!” Before the woman could finish her sentence, she was interrupted by Joan. 
“It’s been ages since we last met. Let’s not talk about this today,” she begged in an earnest tone. 
Gazing at the pale and vulnerable woman in front of her, Nancy could not help but show compassion. Fine. Let’s give her a break and talks about something happy. 
“Okay then. Why don’t we go shopping after we grab something to eat?” 
“Can your body bear it? Won’t it be too tiring for you?” Joan hesitated. 
“Joan, you’re underestimating me. Don’t worry!” Nancy patted her own chest confidently. 
The situation is trickier than I expected. I don’t understand why Larry did not push Jessica away when she kissed him.
However, little did they both know that Jessica had been extremely inebriated during the incident. If Larry had not held her, she would have collapsed to the ground. 
“Joan, would you like to name my baby?” Nancy grabbed Joan’s arms and suggested playfully. 
That sounds like a difficult task. Joan cast an awkward smile at her. 
“Don’t you think it is better to leave the naming to the grandparents? Or maybe you could wait for me to search through some books for great name suggestions.” 
“Sure, no problem. Come on, let’s go to the lady’s department!” Nancy waved her hand towards Joan. 
After they shopped for a short hour, they parted, and Joan headed home. The moment she opened the front door, she saw Larry waiting for her on the couch. 
“You’re back.” Larry greeted her quickly, but he was ignored by Joan, who walked right into the bedroom. 
“Dad, is Mom okay? Is she not feeling well?” Lucius, who was playing in the living room, felt that his mother’s behavior was strange.
###Chapter 2265
Chapter 2265 
Larry seemed somewhat embarrassed by his son’s question. “I guess so. She’s been tired recently. Let me check on her.” Upon saying that, he stood up and headed to the bedroom. 
“Joan, are you alright?” he spoke as gently as he could. But in Joan’s eyes, his gentleness was to no avail anymore. 
Surprisingly, Joan responded, “I’m fine. I want to nap for a while.” 
She finally responds! 
Larry could not suppress his excitement. “Joan, about last time, it was all my fault. Please don’t overthink things. I…” 
“It’s fine. I could care less.” Joan did not let him finish his sentence. 
What does she mean it’s fine? Does she mean she no longer cares for me? At that moment, Larry was at a loss. Has she given up on me? 
“Joan, I feel like I should explain things to you. That day, I went out with Jessica…” 
“Larry!” Out of a sudden, Joan gave a loud shout and sat right up on her bed. 
The man’s heart skipped a beat at her loud voice as she had never shouted at him like this. 
“Yes?” 
“Larry, can you stop trying to explain things? I don’t want to hear it. I am exhausted, and I want to rest. Can you leave me alone?” Joan begged desperately while her eyes brimmed with tears.
But I want to talk to her. Why won’t she give me a chance to properly explain things on my end? At that instant, Larry’s eyes darkened and his face devoid of expression. 
“Fine. I will leave you alone.” 
Joan rubbed her forehead to ease her headache and then laid down again, trying to clear her thoughts. 
“Dad, is Mom alright?” Lucius was waiting in the living room when Larry exited the bedroom, concerned about his mother. 
“Yup, she’s just tired. She is asleep now.” Larry comforted his worried son. 
Joan did not come out for dinner that day. Neither Larry nor Delilah went to wake her up. They knew that it was best to leave her alone during this period. 
“Ms. Young, I’m heading to the company.” After dinner, Larry informed Delilah before leaving. 
The older woman was puzzled for a moment. Why is he going to the company at this late hour? 
“It’s already so late. Why don’t you wait till tomorrow morning? You should stay here and accompany Joan.” Delilah tried to change his mind, providing reasoning. 
“I still have a lot of work to complete. Besides, she doesn’t want to see me either.” Larry glimpsed at Joan’s room with a disappointed expression. 
Instead of seeing her suffer, he figured it might be better to give her some personal space until she was ready to talk to him again. 
However, Larry was unaware of Joan’s decision of moving out. 
“Are you sure you want to leave?” Delilah asked again.
“Yes.” Larry took his coat and left. 
Delilah shook her head while helplessly staring at the man’s figure. Young people nowadays are really complicated. A careless mistake is enough to ruin a relationship. 
After all, life was all about letting go of what was lost and appreciating what was left. 
Joan was someone who had gone through tremendous betrayals. She had lost her faith in love and human relationship. She swore to herself that she would never waste time on anyone unworthy. From that moment on, she would only care for those who cared for her. 
A few moments later, Delilah walked over to Joan’s room and knocked on her door. “Alright. Joan, you can come out now and have dinner. Larry has left.” 
“Ms. Young, it’s fine. I’m not hungry,” Joan replied in an extremely weak voice. 
Wait a second. Her voice doesn’t sound right. Is she sick? Delilah opened the door and walked to her bedside. “Joan, are you okay?” 
“I’m fine. I just need to rest.” The woman on the bed furrowed her brows slightly while answering. 
Delilah observed Joan’s face sternly. She says she’s fine but she looks as though she’s in pain. Does she have a fever? 
“Ouch…” The next second, Joan hold her belly tightly and groaned. 
“Joan, get up. Let’s head to the clinic. Are you having a stomachache?” 
“Ms. Young, my belly hurts so much. I can’t get up. Ms. Young, I can’t bear it.” Joan was struggling weakly on her bed.
###Chapter 2266
Chapter 2266 
“Hold on. I will call the doctor right now.” Delilah rushed out of Joan’s room. 
This is serious! No wonder she didn’t want to eat dinner! Larry is such a careless man. He was in the room for over half an hour, yet he did not notice her discomfort. 
Delilah was on her way to find the doctor when she coincidentally ran into Dustin. 
“Ms. Young, what happened? Why are you in such a hurry?” the man asked. 
“Sorry, I don’t have time to talk. Joan’s stomach is hurting badly. I need to go find the doctor,” Delilah responded while still running in panic. 
“Ms. Young! I will go and find the doctor. It will be faster if I drive. You go home and take care of Joan!” Dustin shouted without hesitation. 
At that instant, Delilah felt as though her burden was half relieved. “Okay! Please hurry!” 
Back in the room, Joan was tossing and turning in her bed, groaning in agony. She wanted to scream, but she was drained of all energy. 
Beside her, she could feel Lucius holding her hand tightly while trembling in fright. “Mom, hold in there. Grandma will be back soon with the doctor.” 
It’s Lucius! 
Joan struggled to look at her son’s face, but she could barely keep her eyes open. 
“Mom, it’s me, Lucius. I am right here. Don’t worry. I won’t leave you,” Lucius whispered while caressing her face.
“Good boy. Mom loves you the most.” Joan choked on her words. Perhaps besides Lucius and Ms. Young, there is no one else left in my world. 
“Son, promise me you will be good and listen to your Grandma. She is old already. Don’t make her angry, understand?” Joan started to mumble in front of Lucius. 
Lucius suddenly burst into tears. “Mom, why are you talking like this? You will be fine. Stop talking. The doctor will be here shortly.” 
In fact, Joan was trying to distract Lucius, as she did not want him to worry about her. However, Lucius mistook those for her last words. 
“Silly boy, why are you crying? I’m just not feeling well. Come on. A boy should be strong and not cry. You won’t be able to find a girlfriend in the future if you cry,” Joan continued to say. 
“I don’t want any girlfriend. I only want Mom!” 
What a touching moment! This is indeed a warm scene! Just then, Delilah walked into the room slowly, wiping the tears on her face away. 
She patted Lucius’ shoulder to comfort him. “Good boy. Mom will be fine. It’s just a stomachache. Don’t cry anymore.” 
Dustin fulfilled his promise efficiently, and the doctor reached the house after a short while. “Don’t worry. It is not a big deal. She has a mere cold. She should be recovering as she rests.” 
Delilah and Dustin breathed a sigh of relief upon hearing that piece of good news. 
“Mom, how are you feeling now?” Lucius was still slightly worried about his mother. 
“Lucius, come over here. Your mom has just drunk her medicine. Let her rest.” Dustin stopped him.
“Doctor, thank you so much.” On the other hand, Delilah was escorting the doctor to the door. 
“You’re most welcome. Remember not to let her overwork herself. Remind her to keep a good mood,” the doctor reminded Delilah before he left. 
A good mood seems like a mission impossible for her right now. Delilah sighed. 
In the room, Dustin and Lucius were standing at the corner. Looking at Joan, who was sleeping soundly, the two of them felt helpless and worried. 
“Mr. Dustin, Mom’s body is weak, so she can’t go to work for a few days.” Lucius raised his head to look the man in the eyes as he spoke. 
Of course, I won’t let her go to work. To me, there’s nothing that matters more than her. 
“Ms. Young, where’s Larry? Have you called him?” Dustin questioned in a low voice. 
Delilah shook her head and gave a long sigh. 
“It’s better not to call him. Joan doesn’t want to see him right now,” she replied softly.
###Chapter 2267
Chapter 2267 
It seems like both of them have not settled their conflict. After all, how could Joan easily forgive her husband’s affair with another woman? 
“Okay. When she wakes up, please inform her that she doesn’t need to go to work these few days. Ask her to rest well.” Having said that, Dustin left the house. 
Delilah was in favor of Dustin in terms of his caring ways for a woman. Even though Joan did not accept his goodwill, he still treated her well. 
After Dustin left, Lucius turned to ask Delilah, “Grandma, Mom will be okay, won’t she?” 
“Lucius, don’t worry. Your mother will be fine. You should go and do your homework now.” Delilah caressed Lucius’s hair gently. She was heartbroken looking at the boy, who had cried so hard in fear of losing his mother. 
Meanwhile, Larry was sitting on his office desk, going through piles of documents. Nonetheless, he could not get his mind off Joan. I don’t know if she will ever forgive me? When will she be willing to listen to my explanation? 
During that moment, he was feeling angry, but at the same time, helpless. 
“Oh my. Are you alright? Are you still upset?” A moment later, Jessica entered his office without even knocking. 
What’s she doing here again? Larry felt his head began to throb. 
Whenever he met this woman, something bad would always happen.
“I’m swamped right now. I don’t have time to entertain you. Please leave,” he stated rudely. 
Jessica knew he was deeply troubled by the scandal on the news. Who would have thought such a bizarre thing would happen. However, she had gone over to his office to genuinely help him out. 
Jessica patted on his shoulder. “Let me talk to Joan. Don’t worry. I will explain everything to her.” 
Huh? Since when did she become so kind? Larry confusedly raised his head and looked at her skeptically. 
“What’s with that look? You don’t believe me, do you? Then let me be frank with you. From now on, I am not into you anymore. You are no longer my type,” Jessica stated steadily. 
What is going on? Is she for real? I doubt so. How could she change her heart so fast? 
Larry stared at her with befuddlement, his expression exposing all his doubts. 
He cut to the chase, asking, “Have you fallen in love with another man already?” 
If she really falls for another rich kid, I’m afraid Caspian would have no chance left. With his friend in mind, Larry was bothered that Jessica might end up becoming another man’s possession. 
“Wait a second. What do you mean? In your eyes, am I the type that can’t survive without a man? Maybe I just wanna let aside my personal relationships and focus on my career.” Jessica seemed utterly offended. 
I see. There shouldn’t be any worries if that’s the case. I can gain myself another good business partner, too. 
“Yeah? Are you planning to start your own career? Great. You have my support,” he responded swiftly.
That’s nice of him. I could use some support if I were to start a business. 
“What about you? Honestly, I feel guilty about this. How’s Joan? Has she forgiven you yet? Have you explained it to her? What if I go talk to her?” 
Even though Jessica might seem arrogant at times, she was not a bad person at heart. 
As much as she was rational, she was also an ambitious woman. Her wish was not only for herself to succeed but for the whole Zimmer family to thrive. 
“There’s no need for that. Just wait for her anger to subside,” Larry responded. But little did he know that Joan’s anger had severely affected her health. 
“Are you sure? You must explain everything to her. I still need lots of your help in the future,” Jessica deliberately added. 
Larry understood fully what she meant. She was the only one left in the Zimmer family. All her relatives were only interested in their own profits. If she were to seek their assistance, none would be willing to lend a hand. 
Needless to say, Larry was first on her list as her most trustworthy partner.
###Chapter 2268
Chapter 2268 
“Alright. Just continue to perform well. Maybe then I will consider helping you,” Larry joked. 
Jessica refused to give in. “Who knows. I might not even need your help by then.” 
The man smirked as he gave a resigned shrug. She is still so naive. She won’t come back unless she meets a dead end. Fine. I will just let her try on her own, or else she would never know the cruel reality in the business world. 
“So, when do you plan to start?” Larry then asked casually. 
“I will start making some calls firsthand tomorrow,” Jessica replied honestly. 
She sure is efficient! She truly deserves to be the daughter of the Zimmer family. Larry’s lips curled into a contented yet awkward smile upon hearing her contented smile. 
However, little did they both knew what bad luck was awaiting ahead of her enthusiastic plan. 
“Since you don’t need any of my help, I will leave. Call me if you need me.” Upon saying that, Jessica walked out of the office. 
She intended to ask Joan out as she felt the urge to explain the truth, but it seemed unnecessary at the moment. 
Jessica, you are indeed a true friend! Larry displayed a contented smile on his face, but it disappeared seconds later as he thought about his dear wife again. 
Joan, we have been through so many ups and downs in life together, yet you lost your trust for me over an unintended kiss…
During that moment, the man’s figure looked utterly decadent and lonely. 
The next morning, Dustin was still worrying about Joan; hence he paid another visit. That was when Joan told him about her decision to move out. 
“Joan, have you thought it through?” Never had Dustin expected that she would make such a drastic decision. 
“I have. Dustin, I only let you know because I trust you. You should know better than no one should find out where I am,” Joan said faintly. 
Although seemingly worried, Dustin was secretly elated in his heart. In fact, this was a window of opportunity that he had been waiting for. 
Even though Joan had stated clearly that she would not want to be interrupted, she had still told him her new address. This detail alone would make him feel overjoyed for the entire day. 
“I got it. You focus on getting some rest and recovering well. Don’t bother about the work in the supermarket. All the colleagues understand your situation well.” Dustin patted gently on her back while comforting her. 
“Mom, where are you going? Why don’t you bring me along? I want to go with you.” Right then, Lucius hopped into Joan’s embrace, his eyes pleading. 
Joan was lost for words, looking utterly dispirited. She could not bear to leave the boy nor the house, but she could not bear more to affect her son’s life with her trauma. 
Joan squatted to face Lucius and caressed his head, saying, “Lucius, listen to me. I will only be gone for a short while. I will bring you over as soon as I can.”
“Okay, Mom. Promise me you will come to get me once you settle down. I don’t want to part with you or Grandma.” 
Joan started packing everything from the room, leaving behind all stuff that belonged to Larry. Before leaving, she gave a last glimpse at this familiar place. 
“What’s wrong? Tell me now.” Looking at Jessica, who was sobbing endlessly in the ward, Caspian was at a loss. 
All he wanted to do at that very moment was to hug her tightly and kiss her forehead to comfort her. Nevertheless, he was aware that the woman did not feel the same way towards him. 
Eventually, he could only stay by her side and wait for her to finish crying. 
“Tell me, what kind of people forsakes their own family? Shame on those bunches of ingrates! How much help did my parents selflessly give them when they were alive? When I ask for their aid for the first time ever, all of them shut their doors on me.” Jessica bawled her eyes out as she complained. 
So that’s how what happened. 
Caspian’s facial features remained expressionless. 
Isn’t this normal in our community? It is human nature to be selfish and self-centered. There’s nothing we can do about that. It seems that she’s still an innocent kid after all… She’s still ignorant of the real world.
###Chapter 2269
Chapter 2269 
“Alright, stop crying. Don’t mind them anymore. I don’t believe you can’t succeed without their help. Listen to me, Jessica. The more they look down on you, the more you should prove yourself to them!” Caspian tried to cheer her up. 
“You might be right. But sometimes, I really find it hard to get over this. Why does everyone have to be so snobbish in this world?” 
What a naive girl. She’s not at a young age anymore, yet she has no idea how the world runs. Sometimes, even a stranger is closer than a relative. This sad truth happens to be a cruel reality in life. 
On the other hand, there was one thing Jessica could not wrap her head around. It turned out when she was down, the first person that came to her mind was Caspian but not Larry. 
Forget it. I don’t want to think about anything anymore. This life is such a mess! 
Jessica turned her face away from Caspian and starting munching on an apple. 
“Uh… that apple’s mine…” 
“So what? I am the one who bought it.” 
Fine… As long as she’s happy. Caspian shrugged and shifted his gaze out of the window. 
In fact, he was grateful for what happened. He used to have such an impetuous temper that he could hardly settle his heart for anything. But after all these, he felt that he could finally think about his future with a calmer mind. 
“What happened? Are you crying?” Larry walked in and was slightly shocked by what he saw.
Jessica immediately wiped off the tears on her chin without saying a word. 
Caspian looked at Larry and shrugged. 
“Did anyone upset you?” Larry asked while slowly sit down on the couch beside the woman. 
Jessica acted pissed while pointing her finger at Caspian. “Yes, I’m upset. This guy here disdains me just because I ate his apple.” 
What the hell? She is upset because of her shameless relatives. Why does she blame it on me now? What an unpredictable woman. 
“Caspian, now that is very unkind of you. Jessica comes almost every day to visit you, while those fruits are either bought by her or me. How could you disdain her over this?” Larry joked sarcastically. 
He knew Caspian well enough to know that the latter was most probably kidding with Jessica. He knew there must be another reason that made the woman cry. 
“Actually, I’m crying because of those relatives of mien. How can they treat me like this? Are they even human?” Jessica took another bite of the apple, feeling utterly resented. 
This was exactly how Larry had predicted it to be. 
“Yeah? What then? What do you plan to do next?” he asked. 
Jessica fell into silence for a long while, soon realizing that Larry was her last option. 
“Mr. Norton, you are such a generous tycoon, at the same time with a perfect look and personality. Plus, money keeps pouring into your pocket with every single minute passing. So, why don’t you help me out?” Jessica coaxed genuinely.
Finally, she asks for help. Larry’s eyes secretly beamed with delight. 
“So you finally tasted betrayal from the close ones, didn’t you? Let me tell you this. Not a single relative of yours is better than Caspian. He was even willing to risk exchange his life for yours.” Upon speaking, Larry blinked at the man lying on the bed. 
Caspian avoided his eyes, his face blushing from shyness. 
On the other hand, Jessica comprehended what Larry meant, but she could not determine if her feelings towards Caspian were friendship or love. That was why she had acted dumb up till now. 
Larry suddenly suggested a proposal, saying, “There is something you could do. List down the names for those who ever borrowed money from your family, and I will collect those debts for you.” 
“Are you serious? I’m afraid none of them will pay. Such petty beings. I highly doubt they would give me a single penny,” Jessica mumbled in disagreement.
###Chapter 2270
Chapter 2270 
“It’s alright. I think they will have no choice but to pay. Let me help you with this. But remember, I’m only doing this for Caspian’s sake,” Larry said. 
The way of Larry’s hinting about Caspian could not be less obvious, but yet Jessica still chose to ignore this fact. She sneaked a peek at Caspian and did not say a word. 
“Alright, just do as Larry said.” At that moment, Caspian also tried to persuade Jessica. 
“Um… Larry. Can you really get the money back?” Jessica sought reassurance. 
“Why? Don’t you believe me? It is one’s right to demand payback for a debt. Your family is not a charity organization, is it?” Larry expressed directly. 
Upon hearing this, the woman seemed to gain back some confidence. Larry’s right. They should pay back what they owe. I should not feel guilty about demanding them to do so. 
With that thought in mind, she decided not to argue anymore. “Alright then. Thanks in advance.” 
Meanwhile, Larry’s thoughts carried away again to his situation with Joan. He had not gone back for several days, while he was unsure if Joan’s anger had subsided. 
Fine… Let me go back tonight to check on her. 
In the evening at Norton Residence. 
“What did you say? Your mother moved out? Where did she go?” Larry was questioning in a loud voice. 
“Yes, Dad. Didn’t she tell you? She moved out three days ago.” Lucius dared not look at his father.
Damn it! Why did no one tell me about this? Where’s Ms. Young? 
“Where’s Grandma?” he continued to ask. 
“She’s busy cultivating the garden. Dad, have you been really busy? You have not come back for dinner for a long while,” Lucius asked. 
Yes, I’m busy. But that’s not the reason why I didn’t come home. It was because of Joan. Hold on a second. Is she with Dustin now? Has she eloped with him? 
Rage boiled in Larry as he clenched his fists tightly. 
“Lucius, tell me something. Who did Mom leave with when she moved out?” Larry squatted before Lucius. 
“Mr. Dustin. He came to help her move stuff.” Lucius, who had a pure heart, failed to notice the overwhelming rage within his father’s eyes. 
Son of a b*tch! I knew it! Joan, I merely kissed another woman, yet now you are eloping with another man! 
Bang! 
Larry drove a fist into the wall, and blood soon oozed out between his fingers. 
Lucius was startled by his father’s behavior. “Dad, what’s wrong? Don’t scare me.” 
“It’s fine, Lucius. I’m okay. Please go back to your room now, okay? Call me if anything happens.” Larry could not believe he lost control in front of his son. 
“Okay.” Lucius ran back to his room without much thought.
I have to find out the truth now! What exactly does she want? Is she intended to make me a cuckold now? 
Without wasting any time, the man sped his car to the supermarket. 
“Oh my, isn’t that Larry? What is he doing here?” 
“I have no idea. He’s looking for Joan, isn’t he?” 
“Fortunately, Joan has left. She will be in deep shit if he finds her.” 
Larry ran into the supermarket, but to his disappointment, there was no trace of his wife. 
Where has she gone? His face was filled with discontent as he approached one of the female staff. “Hello. May I ask where Joan is?” 
To his dismay, the staff simply walked right past him. “Excuse me. You are in my way. Please move aside, sir.” 
What’s going on here? Larry could tell that something was off. 
“May I know where Joan, the supervisor, is?” Larry moved on to another staff. 
“I am sorry. Please make way. I’m in a hurry.” He was once again ignored by the other staff. 
This is ridiculous. Don’t they recognize me? I’m Joan’s husband!
###Chapter 2271
Chapter 2271 
“All of you, knuckle down! Don’t waste time on the irrelevant party.” Out of a sudden, a department leader announced loudly from afar. 
“Of course! Why would we be affected by some jerk?” 
“Absolutely! Someone is way out of his place, but not us.” 
Everyone there chimed in one after another, obviously satirizing Larry. 
At that instant, Larry realized why they treated him in such a manner. They must have read the news about my scandal. Damn! Don’t they know that I am a victim as well? 
“Actually… Let me explain things to you all. About what you saw on the news, it was merely an accident…” Larry started to defend himself. 
“Yeah, right. When you can’t find Joan, it naturally becomes an accident.” 
“Such a convenient accident, isn’t it? Sounds to me more like a lousy excuse.” 
Those staffs kept chattering away. 
What excuse? Nothing happened between Jessica and me. I am innocent! In the end, Larry could only sigh at this helpless situation. 
Undoubtedly every single of them sided with Joan, but he would not have expected to cast her a cold glance anything different than that. 
Nonetheless, shouldn’t true friends try to help Joan fix her marriage? What kind of friends are these people?
“Why did you show up around here? Is there anything you need?” At the instant, Dustin’s voice startled Larry from behind. 
Finally! He’s here! The latter cast him a cold furious glance. 
“Where did you hide Joan?” 
Who does he think he is to accuse me like this? He’s the one who didn’t appreciate her in the first place. Doesn’t he have any shame? Dustin smiled at him frigidly. 
“First of all, I did not hide her anywhere. Secondly, shouldn’t you know where your own wife is?” Dustin responded indifferently. 
He must be feeling like a cat on hot bricks right now. That’s what I want. I want him to panic. I want him to be unable to find her forever! 
“Dustin, I knew she was with you recently. Please tell me where she is.” Larry threw away his ego and began begging. 
“I’m sorry, but I don’t know the answer to your question. You should ask someone else.” Dustin turned to leave at that. 
“Dustin!” Larry could no longer hold his emotions. “If you don’t tell me right now, I will sue you for kidnapping!” 
This is preposterous! Dustin did not halt his feet, as he had no intention to waste time with this man. 
“That’s enough. You should leave. Joan won’t want to see you either.” 
“Yeah! Why would she forgive someone who cheated on her?” 
“So what if you’re handsome? You’re just an asshole after all.”
At the moment, the provocations from the staff started to suffocate Larry. 
“Do any of you know where Joan is? Could you please tell me? I really need to see her now.” The man refused to give up. 
“No. Just leave. Joan hasn’t shown up here since she moved out of her house. You won’t be able to get any clues from us,” one of the senior employees suddenly stated. 
Fine. Forget it. 
Larry reluctantly turned around and started walking out. 
Hold on a second! If I follow Dustin, I might be able to find Joan. The man nodded subconsciously at this spontaneous idea of his. 
That’s it. This should be the best way. 
“Yes. Follow him closely. Report to me once you find anything.” Larry hung up his phone upon giving his subordinate that order. 
Such an irony. How did I end up like this? Larry let out a self-deprecating smile. 
Joan, is this really over between us? He wandered towards the balcony and gazed at the horizon with his decadent eyes. 
Love is such a vulnerable thing… So is marriage. People always say marriage is the graveyard of love, but I disagree completely. Our marriage has always been great and stable. If not for that accidental kiss, Joan and I would still be together happily. 
Larry massaged his forehead, feeling a headache brewing at the back of his head.
###Chapter 2272
Chapter 2272 
Out of a sudden, Caspian emerged from the door and boomed loudly, “Larry, how’s it going?” 
Since when was he discharged from the hospital? 
“What are you doing here? Go back to the hospital!” Larry commanded angrily. 
How can I possibly be resting in such a situation? If so, I’m afraid you and Joan would have divorced by the time I got out of the hospital. 
Caspian was heartbroken when he saw Larry in such a dispirited state. 
“Larry, let me go look for her. Please leave it to me. I will explain for you since she doesn’t want to see you,” he suggested anxiously. 
Indeed. If Caspian’s the one who talks to her, the outcome might be different. But we don’t even know where she is! 
“Joan has moved out,” Larry said faintly. 
In slight bewilderment, Caspian backed out a few steps. He had predicted this development, but it had happened sooner than he expected. 
“It’s okay. I will find her.” Caspian patted Larry’s shoulder firmly and left the office after that. 
Larry was left alone sitting on the couch, his moist eyes staring perplexedly at the ceiling. 
This is the first time we’ve had such a serious argument. This is also the first time she has separated herself from me. What’s next? Is she going to divorce me?
“What did you say? That’s impossible. Joan seemed fine that day we met. How could she move out so abruptly?” Nancy questioned with a puzzled look. 
“Nancy. This is for real. What did you guys talk about that day? Did she mention anything about her moving out?” Caspian was stomping impatiently around the room as he spoke. 
“Nope. That day, Joan said she didn’t want to talk about Larry, so we had a good time shopping together.” 
What a foolish woman. If Joan refused to talk about it, the situation’s probably serious! How could you actually think she was fine? 
Caspian shut his eyes and took a deep breath, trying to collect himself. 
“Fine. I understand. One more thing. Dustin is a good friend of Jory. If he happens to mention anything to him, you have to tell me.” 
Hearing that, Nancy put up her guard instinctively. Dustin is caught in between this? That’s not surprising. After all, he has been waiting for Joan all this while. 
“Got it. I promise I will call you if anything occurs.” Upon saying that, Nancy ended the call. 
“Who was it? You sounded so emotional.” The second she hung up, Jory’s voice echoed from the living room. 
“Um… It was just an old friend. He was in trouble with his work, so he called to seek my advice.” Nancy walked towards Jory and sat down slowly beside him. “Jory, could I ask you something?” 
The man turned towards her and gently put a strawberry between her lips.
Even though they had been married for years, he still treated her as if she was his first crush. Nancy felt extremely loved by the way he pampered her. 
“What is it? Speak your mind,” Jory responded softly. 
Nancy worded her question carefully. “If I have a conflict with your best friend one day, whose side will you be on? Mine or his?” 
Jory was startled for a while, but ?soon his expression resumed to normal. To him, this was an irrelevant question, as he would never allow this dilemma to occur. 
“Such a thing won’t happen,” he answered. 
“I said what if. Please answer me.” She shook his arms flightily. 
“Nancy, I’m a reasonable guy, so I will side whoever has the right reason. Or else, I will keep myself out of it and side neither.” 
Nonetheless, Nancy was somewhat disappointed with his frank answer. Even though she wanted him to be honest, yet at this point, she might prefer a white lie. 
“Alright, stop overthinking things. Nothing will happen between you and Dustin. The both of you are from different worlds, and you two hardly meet once a month. I see no chance of conflict.” Jory wrapped his arm around her waist and comforted her.
###Chapter 2273
Chapter 2273 
But what if one day, they argue because of Joan? 
Never mind. Asking more questions won’t solve anything. I’ll just go with the flow. 
“How is it?” Dustin grinned. “I cooked it.” 
“You really have a lot of tricks up your sleeve, Dustin! I never knew you could cook such an amazing lobster thermidor! Your future wife is going to be the happiest woman on earth,” exclaimed Joan. 
So, are you happy? As Dustin watched her scarf down the food he cooked as his heart welled up with satisfaction. He would cook her lobster thermidor for the rest of her life if it made her happy. 
“Larry went to the supermarket today to look for you.” 
Upon hearing that, Joan put down her cutlery, looking a little embarrassed. 
“He didn’t say much.” Dustin shrugged. “I guess he wanted to clarify what happened in the newspaper article to you.” 
After a long pause, Joan finally spoke up, “Don’t tell him where I am. I still want to live in peace for a while longer.” She’d long since given up on that man. 
There was no way in hell that she would forgive him for cheating on her! Although it had happened once before, that time had been a trap set up by Gabriella! However, what happened this time was different. 
“Do you have no plan in forgiving him?” Dustin asked pointedly. 
Joan hesitated.
To be completely honest, she was just mad that Larry didn’t pull away when Jessica kissed him. She’d never seriously considered divorcing him and had merely planned to teach him a lesson. 
“Let’s not talk about that anymore,” she smiled at him before getting right back to savor the lobster thermidor. “Dig in! Your cooking is really good.” 
Dustin’s eyes darkened. Joan changing the topic meant that she still secretly cared about her husband, even if she refused to show it. 
Swallowing his disappointment, he faked another laugh. “If you like it so much, I’ll cook it regularly for you from now on.” 
Meanwhile, Caspian had gone through hell to finally find out where Joan was. 
“Joan, what happened between Larry and Jessica was all a misunderstanding,” he hurriedly explained as soon as he found her. 
It has nothing to do with me anymore, regardless of whether it was a misunderstanding or not, she lamented. 
“Just go home, Caspian. And if you really think of me as a friend, don’t tell Larry that I’m here,” Joan sighed. “I don’t want to see him.” 
She doesn’t want to see her own husband, but would rather stay here with Dustin? 
Caspian shook his head with a hint of disdain in his eyes. 
He was very clear of everything Larry had done for her and the things he had to shoulder for her sake. How could this woman be so cruel as to give up on their relationship just because of an accident?
“Are you really going to abandon Larry after everything you’ve been through together? Did you know that he stayed up day and night to resolve the problems with his company, and every time he took a brief moment to rest, he would mumble your name in his sleep? And that time he went out of the country, his first thought was to come back to see you as soon as he’d settle all the matters. Can you please stop messing around? You have no idea of the stress he’s facing now,” pleaded Caspian. 
For a second, Joan’s heart squeezed in pain, but the coldness in her gaze quickly reappeared. 
She knew that Larry was in pain and had always had it rough. But she also knew that Jessica had accompanied him throughout those rough times; buying lunch for him, chatting with him, and even buying clothes for him. On the contrary, she knew nothing about his condition as Larry’s wife. 
She should have been the one to do all that for him, but he’d allowed someone else to do it instead. 
“Forgive me for being blunt, Caspian, but don’t you think that Larry and Jessica are more compatible together than he is with me?” Joan suddenly asked. 
Caspian’s expression hardened. He was aware that Jessica had always been interested in Larry, but he’d never been willing to accept the hard truth. 
The only thing that comforted him was that Larry only had eyes for Joan, and no one else.
###Chapter 2274
Chapter 2274 
“I know what you’re trying to get at, but the situation has changed. Larry and Jessica’s relationship is purely professional, and they are nothing more than friends and colleagues. If you don’t believe me, you can ask Jessica yourself,” Caspian tried to explain. 
Colleagues? Even colleagues might one day turn into lovers. Then, get married and spend the rest of their lives together. What a joke. The term “professional relationship” is nothing more than a flimsy lie. 
“I think that’s alright,” she shook her head. “I’m tired, and I want to rest.” 
Why in the world is this woman being so stubborn? Just what does she want Larry to do in order to earn her forgiveness? 
In a low voice, Caspian inquired exasperatedly, “Then, can you tell me what is going on between you and Dustin? I’ve seen him come here several times already.” 
What else could happen between me and Dustin? We are just good friends. 
Failing to detect the suspicious tone of Caspian’s voice, she replied, “He comes to visit occasionally because he cares for me as a friend.” 
Huh? That’s it? No way. If I remembered correctly, Dustin has been in love with her for a long time. Is she also cheating on Larry? 
“Let me remind you that you’re a married woman, Joan. It would do you some good to not interact too much with this kind of scummy man, or others will start to run their mouths,” he told her matter-of-factly. 
If she was going to insist on standing her ground, then he had no more reason to spare her dignity or pride. When it came down to it, Caspian would always side with Larry.
“What are you trying to say? There’s nothing between Dustin and me! You tell Larry to stop accusing me of things I didn’t do because my conscience is clear!” Joan retorted. 
She was truly mad and offended now. How dare Larry question my morals! I’ve never done anything stupid to stain his name! 
“This isn’t Larry’s opinion but mine,” Caspian clarified. “I’ve wanted to tell you this for a long time, but do you know what the employees at Norton Corporation have been saying about you? They call you a wolf in sheep’s clothing, a scheming b*tch, and a shameless woman who will just go with anyone. No matter how well Mr. Norton treats you, you will never be satisfied. Besides, you seem to care a lot about Dustin and Caiden as well.” 
Joan’s mind went blank. Suddenly, the man standing in front of her had become frightening. Caspian had never once talked to her in such a passive-aggressive, accusatory manner before. What is wrong with him today? 
“There’s nothing going on between them and me. Dustin is my good friend, and Caiden is my junior from school who has also saved my life,” she replied firmly. 
Caspian internally scoffed. He wasn’t going to fall for that. A man and a woman could never be “just friends”. They were merely labeling their relationships as they saw fit, taking what they needed from each other. 
“Oh, grow up, Joan! If Dustin wasn’t in love with you, then why would he be at your beck and call? If Caiden wasn’t in love with you, then why were you the first person he called and asked to take care of him and cook for him?” 
Joan was rendered speechless. She would admit that the two men did like her, but she didn’t return their feelings! She had a husband whom she loved very much!
“You’re overthinking it. There’s nothing going on between us.” 
“Let me ask you one more question. If you divorced Larry one day, who would you choose? Caiden or Dustin?” 
What kind of question is that? How could I ever get divorced with Larry? All I want is to teach him a lesson. 
She didn’t want to continue this conversation any further. “I’m tired. Please leave me alone.” 
She shouldn’t have expected for him to understand her point of view. After all, they came from completely different worlds and backgrounds. But she never would have thought that Caspian was such a materialistic, snobbish person.
###Chapter 2275
Chapter 2275 
What? Did I strike a nerve? 
A corner of Caspian’s mouth curved up in satisfaction as he reveled in his success. This woman’s attitude and dishonesty had to be the result of Larry being too lenient on her in the past. 
“So what do you plan to do?” he pressed on. 
Joan didn’t have any plans and she wasn’t going to take any measures. All she wanted was some time to herself to think things over. 
“I have no plan,” she repeated. “Please leave.” 
Caspian scanned his surroundings and gave her another dirty look. 
“Sure. Please think carefully, because I need an answer soon.” With those parting words, he left the premises. 
Think about what? Divorcing Larry? Or making up with him? 
Just as Joan was wallowing in her own self-deprecation, Dustin walked over. 
“What happened? I thought I saw Caspian,” he commented. 
“He was here,” answered Joan. 
Why was he here? Did Larry send him? What a coward! Not only is he too scared to meet her himself, but he’d also made someone else try to solve his problems on his behalf! Dustin bit the inside of his cheek, suppressing the rage that flared up inside him.
“Dustin, I think it’s best if you don’t come over as often from now on,” Joan suddenly announced. “I don’t want anyone else to have any misunderstandings about me.” 
He’d expected that she would suggest this sooner or later and had already mentally prepared himself for it. 
“No problem,” he replied wryly. After all, he respected her decisions. 
“Hey, Caiden,” Jaden called out from the sofa in the living room. “Why haven’t you been meeting up with that senior of yours from school? I heard that she has fought with Larry.” 
He had given up on the idea of Caiden and Noelle getting together a long time ago. 
“Mmm, I know.” Caiden flipped a page of his magazine in disinterest. 
What? Why is he suddenly so… stoic? Jaden slowly approached him, curiously looking at his friend up and down. 
“Are you alright? Do you feel sick?” He reached out to touch Caiden’s forehead, comparing the man’s body temperature with his own. 
He doesn’t have a fever, so why does he look so drained? 
“Your stupid little sister won’t leave me alone,” Caiden complained dryly. “Tighten your leash on her or something. I don’t have the time to hang out with her. I have to work and try to work on a relationship, so go and find her another boy-toy to keep her entertained.” 
Oh, so it’s because of Noelle! Jaden smiled. It seemed that Caiden still cared for her, even if it was not much. 
“No wonder Noelle has been in such a good mood recently.”
Of course, she is. Why wouldn’t she be after ordering him here and there every day? 
He had no clue how she had so much energy. First, it was the zoo, then an amusement park, then a bar, a nightclub, and the cycle repeated itself over and over again. And if he refused any of her requests, she would throw a tantrum and tell on him to her family members! 
“Let me tell you this, from tomorrow onwards, sit her down and talk to her. I’m truly tired,” groaned Caiden, then he got up and headed back to his own room. 
Oh. So he’s actually mad. Jaden stared at the back of Caiden in amusement. 
Lying in his bed, Caiden tried to get some sleep. He tossed and turned and tried counting sheep, but to no avail—he just couldn’t sleep. He picked up his phone, scrolled through his contacts, and found Joan’s number eventually. 
After hesitating for some time, he ended up calling her. 
“What’s up?” Her voice sounded groggy and tired, tugging at his heartstrings. 
“Um… How have you been? Sorry I haven’t had the time to visit you lately.” 
“It’s fine. I’m doing alright,” came her instant response. “Don’t worry about me and take care of yourself.” Please don’t come for a visit. If someone sees you here with me, I don’t know what to tell others. 
Alright? Is she merely putting up a strong front, pretending that she is fine when she is actually hurting inside? Why doesn’t she allow herself to be a little vulnerable in front of me? 
“I heard that Larry had an affair,” Caiden probed purposefully.
###Chapter 2276
Chapter 2276 
So Caiden knew too. Well, the story had made front-page headlines. Joan huffed and took a moment to regain her composure. 
“Mmm.” Her answer sounded straightforward yet weak, even to her own ears. 
“What do you plan on doing?” 
“Nothing. I’ll go with the flow and let fate take the wheel. It’s not as if I want more things to happen,” she muttered. 
Caiden wondered if her answer meant that she still had some hope in Larry. 
Larry was obviously very important to her, so there was no doubt that she was feeling down. But where is she now? He’d heard that she’d moved to a place where no one was able to find her. 
“Joan, let’s meet up tomorrow,” he declared. 
Joan did a double take. She didn’t want to meet up with anyone, let alone Caiden. 
“Is there something you want to talk about? We can do it through the phone.” 
“Yes, there’s something very important. I need to go now, but I’ll text you the address and time.” With that, he immediately ended the call. 
Actually, he didn’t have anything to do. He just didn’t want her to reject him outright. 
“Huh, Caiden? I don’t have the time to meet up! Hello?” Joan stared at her dimming phone screen, sighing helplessly.
Something important? Will something happen if I don’t go? She felt a migraine coming on, so she raised her hands to massage her temples. 
Oh no, give me a break. 
“What’s wrong? Why do you look so troubled?” Delilah fretted, approaching Joan. 
“Hm? It’s nothing, Ms. Young,” Joan hurriedly greeted her, getting to her feet. “Why are you here?” 
“This is my house, Joan. Am I not welcome here?” Delilah handed her a lunchbox. “This is for you. Lucius said he wanted dumplings, so I made extra for him and for you. Go on, have a taste.” 
“Thank you, Ms. Young,” Joan chuckled. Delilah was always caring for her. 
The older woman eyed her surroundings, breathing a sigh of relief when she realized that Joan had everything she needed. Opening up the refrigerator revealed that it was stocked with various fruits and vegetables, and there were also traces of cooking in the kitchen. At least Joan knew how to look after herself. 
Delilah smiled in satisfaction, but she was unaware that the traces of cooking had been left behind by Dustin. 
“How is it?” 
“It tastes wonderful, Ms. Young,” Joan answered happily. “Why don’t you have some yourself?” 
“No, no. I’ve eaten today. You should eat some more meat, all that junk food isn’t good for health.” Delilah eyed the various packets of instant noodles in the cabinets. 
“I know. I only eat them every once in a while.”
The truth was that Joan hadn’t eaten well for two days straight before Delilah’s visit today due to a lack of appetite. 
Humans were strange creatures. When you wanted to go on a diet and lose weight, your body would adamantly refuse to show any changes. But when you fall into a pit of depression and lose all the energy to stay on a diet, your body weight would suddenly drop. 
A few days was all it took for Joan’s body to feel lighter as she had lost more than ten pounds. 
She wasn’t sure if she should be happy or sad since Larry used to joke that she had gotten a little chubbier after giving birth. 
“Eat slowly” reminded Delilah. “If it’s not enough, I can cook more for you right now.” 
“It’s alright, Ms. Young!” Joan rushed to stop her. “This is more than enough, I swear. I won’t even be able to finish everything.” 
Delilah sighed in pity as she watched Joan eat the dumplings. How does a happy, normal family end up like this? 
“You should sit down and have a proper talk with Larry. The kids miss you too,” she suggested. She was aware that Joan loved Lucius more than anything in the world, and hoped that the mention of Lucius would motivate Joan to go back to her family. 
Just as she’d expected, Joan froze slightly, sadness flashed through the depths of her eyes. She’d moved out because she didn’t want the children to be affected by her fight with Larry. At the same time, she needed some time to herself, but now…
###Chapter 2277
Chapter 2277 
“How is Lucius?” Joan asked, raising her head. 
“He keeps talking about you and Larry during dinner and wishing for you to go home.” 
In the blink of an eye, Joan was overwhelmed with a sense of guilt. 
“Please give me some time to take everything in, Ms. Young.” 
She couldn’t muster up the courage to face Larry’s disloyalty, nor to face any other man. She knew she had to talk this out with him, but she needed some time to gather her thoughts. 
“Alright, I’ll wait for you. Lucius is doing well, so don’t worry about him too much. The most important thing is that you take good care of yourself, remember to eat your meals daily, and also go for a walk from time to time. Staying indoors all day is unhealthy for you,” reminded Delilah. 
She understood very well how hard it would be for a woman to recover from a bout of sadness, and how many times Joan must have cried after that incident. 
“Oh? Hello there, Ms. Young,” Dustin’s voice suddenly called out as he walked in. 
Why is he here? Delilah stared at him in confusion. From the way he changed his shoes to slippers and how he stored them away, she could tell that he knew this place well. 
“Do you come here every day, Dustin?” she asked. 
“Nope. Joan stopped me from coming back here a few days ago, but I wanted to drop off some groceries,” Dustin hurriedly replied. “I figured that she should have run out of them by now.” 
So he had been the one looking after her all this time.
How could this be? What if Larry found out? 
“What’s going on here, Joan?” Delilah clutched Joan’s arm. 
“Nothing’s going on. Dustin is just concerned about me, as you can see.” Why does everyone assume that she and Dustin are having an affair? 
“That’s not it, Joan. You’re currently stuck in a sensitive phase in your relationship; you shouldn’t be interacting with other men this intimately. What would Larry think?” 
But Joan didn’t think much of it. 
She hadn’t done anything wrong to Larry. Hence, she couldn’t stop others from saying whatever they had in mind. 
“I was wondering why you left the supermarket in a hurry every time work hours were over, Mr. Silverman! I never knew that you were visiting Joan!” A female supermarket worker suddenly popped out of nowhere, exclaiming loudly. 
Is this a prank? Why is she here? Joan’s eyebrows furrowed, perplexed as she spotted the girl from afar. 
She didn’t think that she was that close with this girl to the extent that she would come to pay her a visit. On the other hand, Delilah, sitting beside her, had an unsettling gut feeling that a storm was heading their way. 
“Why are you here? Do you need something?” Dustin frowned, not a single hint of kindness in his expression. 
“Since Mr. Silverman has come all the way to visit Joan, I thought that I should do the same too,” the girl puffed her cheeks out indignantly, holding her chin high in the air.
She’s just here to start a fight, isn’t she? 
Joan slowly got to her feet, went near the girl, and asked politely, “Are you here to see me? Is there anything I can help you with?” 
Hmph. What a slut. She has a husband and children at home, but still trying to steal someone’s man! The girl clenched her fists, her gaze sharpened. 
“Yeah, I’m here to see you.” 
Slap! 
The words had barely left the girl’s mouth when her palm flew across Joan’s face, leaving an angry red imprint on her skin. 
“Joan!” Delilah ran over, pulling Joan to stand behind her. 
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” Dustin roared. “Leave now!” 
Dustin has always been so warm and forgiving, but now he has lost his temper because of this woman? What a joke! The girl scoffed, softening her voice into a whiny one as she pouted, “What’s wrong, Mr. Silverman? You’ve never scolded me before?” 
She has the gall to stand there and play the victim when she was clearly the one who hit Joan? Delilah instantly walked forward, pushing the girl back. “I knew you are here to start a fight! What right do you have to stand here and hit Joan? Who do you think you are?”
###Chapter 2278
Chapter 2278 
Delilah had blown her top off. 
Regardless of whatever Joan had done wrong in the past, that didn’t mean she deserved to get assaulted by some random stranger! 
“Why did you hit me?” Joan immediately demanded. 
Is that really a question? It’s because you’re a b*tch. 
“Joan Watts, you’re a married woman, so why are you using Mr. Silverman’s affections for you and treat him like your servant? Go back to your husband! Oh, right, Larry Norton has found himself a younger, prettier woman, hasn’t he? You came crawling to Mr. Silverman because you’re thirsty for attention, aren’t you?” screamed the girl. 
“Shut up!” Dustin shouted back at her. 
At that, the girl desperately looked towards her boss, her eyes filled with tears. 
“Your manager and I are just friends and colleagues. There’s nothing going on between us,” Joan tried to explain. 
That’s bullsh*t! Everyone in the supermarket knew that Dustin had a crush on her a long time ago. Why else would he still wait for her to come back when she hasn’t shown up at work for such a long period of time. He should have just fired her straightaway! 
“Stop pretending! Everyone knows very well that you’re a b*tch who just hates being alone, and can’t live without the help of a man!” The venomous words left the girl’s mouth without a second thought.
Trembling, Joan took a few steps backward. Is that really the workers’ opinions of her? I must be a fool to have treated them like her family! 
“Don’t listen to her,” Delilah reassured her. “She’s just saying that because she’s jealous of you.” 
“I don’t want to see you in the supermarket from tomorrow onwards,” declared Dustin. “We don’t need an employee like you.” 
“Come on, Mr. Silverman! I’m doing this for your sake!” the girl acted cutely, stubbornly trying to explain to Dustin. “Look at her! How could she be so shameless? If she really wanted to be with you, she should have divorced Larry a long time ago!” 
Dustin wasn’t sure how to respond to that, causing Joan to feel rather awkward. 
“Take your employee away, Dustin,” Delilah demanded loudly. “This is my house, and we do not welcome her here!” 
He glanced between Joan and Delilah before he dragged the girl out of the house eventually. 
After sending her away, Dustin went back into the house and tried to comfort Joan. “Don’t take her words to heart. She just said that in a fit of rage.” 
Joan raised her head to fix him with a stern stare. 
That employee had been right. Dustin had done so much for her, but she’d constantly taken his efforts for granted because she was selfish. 
“I don’t think you should come to visit me anymore, Dustin. Also, I want to quit my job,” Joan told him firmly. She didn’t want to add to his burden any longer, and she also needed to maintain her distance from him.
Dustin was caught off guard as he didn’t expect this. 
“Have you thought about what you want to do from now on, Joan?” Delilah suddenly asked. 
Dustin watched Joan’s reaction closely, anticipating some sort of change of heart. 
“I’ll cross the bridge when I get to it,” Joan smiled weakly. “For now, I need to rest for a few days. I’ll recover and go back to normal soon, so don’t worry.” 
Delilah felt really bad for her. 
“If that’s what makes you happy. Now that Joan has made her decision, let’s not bother her any further, Dustin.” As she said that, Delilah tugged on the man’s arm and led him out of the living room. 
“Ms. Young, wait!” he protested loudly as they arrived at the entrance. “What she needs now is someone to comfort her! I can’t just leave!” 
“Watch yourself, Dustin,” the old woman quietly reminded him. “Joan isn’t divorced yet. If you really want the best for her, you should wait until she and Larry officially end their marriage before you pursue her.”
###Chapter 2279
Chapter 2279 
Dustin fell silent, not knowing how he should respond to that. 
Why does everyone know about his feelings for her but Joan? 
After a shared moment of silence, they both agreed to leave the house. 
In the living room, Joan had plopped down onto the sofa and was flipping through a magazine absentmindedly. From now on, she had to make plans for her future and start a new life. 
Larry Norton, no matter who you choose in the end and what you do; none of it will have anything to do with me. I made this decision because you suspected me of cheating on you, not the other way around. 
Joan took a deep breath and there was sorrow in her eyes. 
Everyone had to overcome the countless challenges in life. Love was nothing more than an additive to life, so one wouldn’t die without it. The most important thing was that one had to be happy with oneself. 
“Are you alright, Joan? I heard you have moved out!” Nancy frantically asked through a phone call. 
“Yeah,” Joan leaned back in her seat. “I wanted some peace.” 
That doesn’t mean that you have to move out! You could have gone on a solo vacation or something! Nancy was not convinced. 
“Have you not been in a good mood recently? Why don’t we go on a holiday? I haven’t had some fun in a long while,” suggested Nancy. 
Hmm… That sounds like a good idea. I haven’t had fun in a long while too.
“Sure, let’s go on a trip.” With that, she hung up the phone. She needed to do some research on where she wanted to go, what she wanted to do and buy, and so forth. 
“Hey, Caspian. Joan and I are going on holiday. Make sure to inform Larry so he won’t worry too much,” Nancy later called Caspian up and told him. 
“Got it. Thanks, Nancy.” 
They chatted for a few minutes before hanging up. 
In the meantime, Larry had fallen asleep on his desk, just like he had for the past few days. There were dark circles under his eyes, and his face looked sallow. 
“Larry?” Caspian called out but there was no response. 
He decided to back off and let Larry sleep, knowing that he hadn’t taken a good break in a long time. 
After some time, Larry woke up. He stretched his back as he moved from his desk to sit down on a sofa. 
“What time is it?” he groaned, looking dazed and lost. 
“It’s five in the afternoon—time to go home.” 
Larry huffed internally. Work hours may be over, but he didn’t have a home to go back to anymore. 
“Nancy just called me to say that she’s going on a holiday with Joan,” Caspian went on. 
Larry’s eyes lit up, then dimmed just as quickly. 
He remembered having once promised Joan that he would take her on a trip around the world. Unfortunately, due to his work and schedule, he was never able to carry out his plan.
Larry hung his head low in guilt and defeat. 
“Alright,” he answered curtly, picking up his coat and preparing to leave the office. 
“Where are you going?” 
“To look for Jessica. Her money has arrived.” 
“No need to look for me,” Jessica suddenly appeared in the doorway. “I’m already here.” 
“And just in time, too,” Caspian commented sarcastically. 
“Come on, Mr. Norton! I’m in a good mood today, so I’ll treat you to dinner.” Jessica proudly pointed to herself. 
“No, thank you.” Larry tried to slip past her and walk away. “You can go with Caspian.” 
“Come on, Mr. Norton,” whined Jessica as she grabbed ahold of his arm. “Just relax. I won’t drink any alcohol, and I’ll stick to juice this time. I promise.” 
“You wanna come with us, Caspian?” She glanced over her shoulder at the seemingly jealous man. 
“I’ll pass. I still have some work to do,” declined Caspian. The truth was that he wanted to go, but he didn’t want to disturb them. 
“Maybe next time, then. Let’s go, Mr. Norton.” 
Unable to shake Jessica’s grip off, Larry relegated himself to being dragged into her car.
###Chapter 2280
Chapter 2280 
If this were any other time, he would have pushed her away without thinking twice. He just couldn’t bring himself to do so knowing that Jessica had just lost both her parents recently. 
“How are things between you and Joan?” Jessica brought it up during the drive. “I heard she moved out of the house.” 
The feelings she harbored towards Larry were purely platonic—it had nothing to do with lust, love, or even admiration. 
“I’m just letting whatever happens, happen,” Larry slowly replied. “I’ve been busy, anyway.” 
Looks like things aren’t going well. Jessica gave the man beside her a sidelong glance. 
“What do you think I can do so that Joan will come back to you?” 
“What do you have in mind?” Larry instantly shot back. If Jessica got into trouble again, he doubted that Joan would spare him a glance ever again. “Just don’t do anything, and that’s the best way to resolve the problem.” 
“Um… What I meant to say was what if we changed our relationship? Would that improve the situation?” Jessica inquired. 
What does she mean? Change our relationship to what? 
“We could be like godsiblings or something!” 
Larry stared at her, the gears in his brain grinding to a halt. 
Huh? Did she hit her head? Is she high on something? Where did that come from?
“Don’t tell me that you secretly enjoy the feeling of me pursuing your affections?” Jessica raised an eyebrow. 
Bullsh*t! What the hell is she thinking! 
“Enjoy? It is more like being tortured!” 
Geez, you don’t have to go that far… Jessica pouted. It wasn’t as if she’d done anything horrible to Joan. If she were an evil, scheming woman, she would have gone after Joan with an axe a long time ago! 
“So it’s settled. From now on, you’ll be nothing more than a big brother to me!” 
That might actually work as it meant she’d given up on pursuing him. Larry felt a content smile grow on his face. 
“I’ll have dessert too, thanks.” Larry handed the menu back to the waiter at the restaurant. 
“Yes, sir.” 
Jessica stared at him incredulously from across the table. He doesn’t like dessert nor anything sweet, so what has gotten into him? 
“Don’t you hate dessert, Larry?” 
Huh? How does she know that? I guess she’d done her homework when she was trying to pursue me. Larry hid a laugh behind his cup of tea. 
“I don’t, but you do.” 
Jessica did a double-take, not used to him being this caring towards her.
Her heart skipping a beat, she fixed her gaze on the ground as a bright red blush bloomed across her cheeks. 
“Hey, don’t get it wrong. You’ll make it seem as if we’re dating.” Larry rolled his eyes. 
Her brief moment of fantasy instantly shattered. “Just shut up and immerse yourself in this warm atmosphere! Why can’t I be shy and demure for once? Why can’t I revel in the feeling of being adored for once?” 
Ahem! He choked on his tea. 
He’d met women who were straightforward before, but none of them was like Jessica. Where did she even find the courage to say something this embarrassing out loud? 
Whatever. It’s not as if she was a “normal woman”, he reminded himself. 
“Are you okay?” She nearly jumped out of her skin, handing him a napkin on the table. “Make sure you are okay! Who’s going to get the bill if something happens to you?” 
“Didn’t you say you were going treat me? Why am I the one footing the bill then?” He furrowed his eyebrows, raising his head to stare at her. 
“Are you kidding me? Today is the first day that we’ve become ‘siblings’, so it’s normal that you have to treat your little sister to a meal! Don’t tell me you are going to stinge on me?” Jessica shrugged before taking a sip of her beverage.
###Chapter 2281
Chapter 2281 
Since when has she become so smart? She’s even playing such a trick on me! If she can focus on developing her career, she’ll be successful very soon. 
“By the way, I’ve got your money, and it’s in my office now. Don’t forget to take it tomorrow,” Larry said in a deep voice. 
“Okay. Thank you very much, Larry. Let me propose a toast to you with tea.” With that, Jessica gulped down her drink. 
She behaves like a boss! Why didn’t I notice this before? 
Larry’s lips curled into a smile. 
Unbeknown to them, Joan was looking at them dejectedly from the window not far from them. 
She purposely bought many things and made adequate preparations to go on a trip with Nancy. Unexpectedly, she happened to see her husband and the woman, who always appeared on the news, having meals and chatting happily. 
They look like a sweet couple and are having a nice chat. 
As Joan’s expression grew dim, she realized that Larry probably hadn’t laughed heartily for quite some time. Suddenly, she admired Jessica—at least she could make Larry laugh and feel happy for her. 
Forget it. I should go home now. 
Joan slowly turned around and left.
On the other hand, Larry and Jessica kept laughing at the jokes they made. Ever since Larry and Jessica became god siblings, they seemed to be more open to one another. 
“By the way, how will Joan react when she knows that you have a godsister?” Jessica looked up and asked Larry. 
“I don’t know, but I think she will be delighted. However, I have not seen her lately,” Larry replied and while shrugging his shoulder helplessly. 
“Don’t worry, Larry. Your problems are my problems as well. I’ll help you coax her!” Jessica gave a forceful pat on his shoulder. 
“Jessica, don’t do that. Please don’t stir up trouble for me. I can solve the problems by myself,” Larry declined her offer directly. 
“Come on. You might not understand women like me. Don’t worry and leave this to me!” 
Why should I not worry? You behave just like a man but claim that you’re no different from a woman. Larry glanced at Jessica and shook his head helplessly. 
Perhaps due to the death of her parents, Jessica had stopped being melodramatic. She swore to herself to be brave and stary strong whenever she faced difficulties. 
“Do you not believe me? Larry, I promise to fulfill the task perfectly!” Jessica pledged confidently. 
Upon hearing it, Larry felt a little headache coming. Why does she look like a drunkard now even though she didn’t have alcohol? 
“Well, should I drive you home?” he asked. 
“No, I want to have more wine. Cheers!” Jessica suddenly lifted her glass and yelled.
What’s going on? Where’s the wine? Could it be that there’s wine in her cup? Larry immediately grabbed the glass from her. 
Just as I thought! Why is she playing such a trick? 
“Jessica, didn’t I say that we mustn’t have alcohol?” 
Larry was truly mad and offended. He didn’t want any unexpected events to happen again for he had learned a lesson that he would never forget for the rest of his life. 
“Larry, you got me. Hehe, it’s fine. I just had a little wine. I’m not drunk. See, I’m still conscious. Rest assured that I won’t kiss you again,” Jessica said while waving her arms wildly. 
Larry felt a little embarrassed as a few diners around them were staring at her, probably thinking that she was crazy. 
This damned woman just can’t stop stirring up troubles. 
“That’s enough. Stop eating, and let’s go home. We can come here again next time.” With that, Larry wanted to help her up. 
“I’m not leaving. Besides, I’m not full yet. Larry, are you reluctant to spend on me? How can the president of a large corporation be so stingy?” Jessica shrank away from him when she was talking. 
What nonsense is she talking about? Since when have I been stingy? Haven’t I been paying the bills every time she wanted to treat me to dinner? 
Since she’s Caspian’s future wife, I should let Caspian deal with her!
###Chapter 2282
Chapter 2282 
“Hey, don’t vomit!” Larry supported Jessica while standing at the door and waiting for Caspian’s arrival. Meanwhile, he kept an eye on Jessica as he worried that she would throw up all over him like how she did previously. 
“Larry, do you agree that they are bad guys?” Jessica murmured while her eyes were partially closed. 
“Of course! You’re always right! Hang in there. Caspian will arrive soon,” Larry played along. 
“Hmm, why did you ask him to come here? No way! He can’t see how I look now. He’ll be pissed off, and I’ll embarrass myself before him. I don’t want that to happen!” With that, Jessica began to run off. 
“Hey, where are you going?” 
Perhaps Larry was too loud, Joan heard his voice before she left. She couldn’t help but turn around and glance at them some distance away. 
“Stop making trouble, will you? Jessica, stay where you are and don’t leave!” he yelled furiously. 
This woman is a tough nut to crack! 
“Hey, you don’t have to be so fierce! Even Caspian has never yelled at me. How can you be so rude?” she screamed disgruntledly. 
Am I rude? I’m treating you patiently, am I not? I would have left you by the roadside long ago if it wasn’t for Caspian! If that happens, who will take care of you? 
“Larry, are you angry? Please don’t get mad. I’m still counting on you to help me establish my career. Please don’t be angry at me. I promise not to drink any alcohol from now on, okay?” As Jessica was
talking, she wrapped her arms around his waist and refused to let go. 
“Let go of me. What are you doing in public? Let go now. I’m already married and I have a family.” Larry tried to pull her arms away. 
However, he failed to wriggle free from her as she was unexpectedly strong. 
Whatever. I’ll just let her have her way since Joan isn’t here. 
Larry heaved a sigh and calmed himself down. He decided to stop resisting because the more he tried to wriggle free, the tighter she locked her arms around his waist. 
However, Joan witnessed everything clearly. 
I can accept the explanation that he accidentally kissed Jessica last time, but what about this time? Is he going to just let her hug him? Joan sneered. 
This is my husband, Larry Norton, who kept saying that he loves me! 
Why is my life so miserable? Joan kept coming up with reasons to forgive him. However, it seemed clear to her that he was even happier without her. 
Thump! Joan dropped the things in her hands and left disappointedly. 
“Hey, you have to sober up!” Larry said. 
“No, I want to sleep.” 
After some time, Caspian finally arrived. However, he couldn’t help but eye them with suspicion.
What’s happening? Jessica is hugging Larry, yet he doesn’t resist her? Are they deliberately acting like a loving couple? Fury rose in Caspian upon seeing that. 
Larry has a family and a wife. In that case, why does he want to get involved with Jessica? I mean, he can’t do whatever he wants to my loved one even if he’s my good friend. 
“Caspian, it’s not what you think. Please drive her back, and I’ll explain it to you afterward.” Larry carried Jessica into Caspian’s car when he was talking to Caspian. 
“What about you? How are you going to get home?” 
“I’m fine because I didn’t drink. She was the only one who had wine. Besides, she’s too crazy. I’ll hit my head against the wall for having dinner with her again!” Larry yelled. 
Once Larry finished, Caspian let out a small chuckle. 
Caspian was amused, for Jessica was probably the only one who could make Larry feel irritated. Nevertheless, he also believed that there was nothing between them. 
Caspian left after driving Jessica home and tucking her in bed. 
Meanwhile, Larry was still busy with work and reading documents in the office.
###Chapter 2283
Chapter 2283 
“Larry, are you not going home?” Caspian knocked on the door and ambled in. 
“I’m not going back tonight because there’s a lot of unfinished work,” Larry replied directly without looking up at him. 
“Okay.” Caspian sat down on the couch. 
Larry lifted his head to stretch his neck after quite some time and realized that Caspian was still sitting on the couch. 
“Hey! Why are you still here?” Larry asked. 
“I’m waiting for your explanation,” Caspian scratched his head and said awkwardly. 
What explanation do you need? Larry felt slightly bewildered. 
“About what happened between you and Jessica…” 
Sure enough, he is asking about that. 
“Caspian, you’re my good friend. Rest assured that I’ll never lay my fingers on my friend’s wife. Besides, Jessica and I are god siblings now. So, don’t worry about it. I’m waiting to attend your wedding!” Larry explained with a smile. 
We’re indeed good friends! Caspian’s lips curled into a satisfying smile. 
He knew that Larry wouldn’t have any ill thoughts toward Jessica. Besides, Larry definitely wouldn’t abandon his relationships with Joan and him.
“How is Joan? What does she think about you?” 
Once Caspian asked the question, Larry felt rather frustrated. 
It’s been a long time, and I wonder if Joan is still angry at me now. 
“I haven’t contacted her lately,” he replied slowly. 
Meanwhile, Joan was tossing in bed, too high-strung to fall asleep. All she could think of was the moments when she snuggled up to Larry. 
Why has he betrayed me? Why does he get involved with that woman? Why isn’t he satisfied with what he has? She curled up and sobbed pitifully. 
It turns out that love can’t stand the test of time. Also, one can easily break the promises he makes to the other. 
Why are human beings so complicated? 
Why is life so ruthless? 
She gripped and rubbed the blanket tightly as though she was clutching at straws. 
As her phone rang suddenly, Joan wiped her tears away and answered the call. 
“I heard that you’ll be going on a trip with Nancy. Is it true?” Dustin asked gently and looked forward to her answer. 
“Yes,” she answered succinctly. 
Although she replied in merely one word, Dustin could feel that something wasn’t right about her.
“Joan, what’s wrong? Did you cry?” Dustin asked anxiously. 
“No, it’s just a cold. I’ll be better after getting some rest,” she immediately replied. 
She’s lying to me again! She’s a vulnerable girl deep down, but why must she pretend to be strong? 
Dustin heaved a sigh and squinted as though he was pondering over something. “Did you miss your dinner again tonight? I’ll deliver…” 
“Dustin!” Suddenly, Joan cut in in a high-pitched voice. 
“It’s okay. You don’t have to come over. I’m fine now and can take care of myself. Don’t worry about me. Anyway, I’m rather tired and going to sleep now.” With that, Joan hung up the phone. 
“Well, I’m sorry, Larry. I didn’t get drunk on purpose last night,” Jessica lowered her gaze and said softly. 
Did she not do it on purpose? How could she have the cheek to say so after she changed her tea to wine? Does she think that I was born yesterday? Larry’s face darkened instantly. He ignored Jessica who was standing in front of him and kept reading through the documents. 
“Please don’t do that to me. Talk to me,” She came up to him and said in a soft and apologetic voice. 
“I’m busy now. Go and talk to Caspian,” Larry replied without looking up at her. 
What does that mean? I’m here to apologize to you, yet you asked me to look for Caspian. Since I didn’t do anything wrong to Caspian, why should I go to him then? 
“Larry, are you a man? How can you be so petty? I have made a small mistake, yet you have been ignoring me ever since I got here,” Jessica pursed her lips and said in a coquettish tone.
That’s right. I don’t want to talk to you! Exasperated, Larry turned around and didn’t look at her.
###Chapter 2284
Chapter 2284 
Are you really that ignorant? Since I’m irritated, you’re supposed to give me some time to calm myself down. 
“Mr. Norton, can you tell me what I should do to obtain your forgiveness?” Jessica continued. 
Why are you so irritating? Larry felt his head throbbing. 
“I’ll feel better once you get out and disappear. Can you do that?” Larry laid out his terms. 
Apart from being occupied with piles of work, he was even more agitated because Jessica kept pestering him. 
“That’s enough. You should leave the office now.” With that, Caspian, who stood next to Larry, pushed her out of the office. 
“What’s wrong with him? Is he in a bad mood?” 
“Be more considerate toward him because he’s occupied with work lately. Leave now and do your work,” Caspian waved his hand at her as he said. 
Humph! How dare he brushes me off like this? Does he have balls of steel or suffer from a concussion? How dare he behave so arrogantly and bossy before me? 
“Caspian, are you joking? I’m…” 
“What?” Caspian interrupted. 
What? Am I not the daughter of a manufacturer who was once a partner with Norton Corporation? Unfortunately, my father had terminated his partnership with Norton Corporation a long
time ago. Oh well, I have to listen to him this time. 
Humph! I let it pass now and punish him in the future. Jessica turned around and left Norton Corporation. 
Meanwhile, Joan had fallen asleep on the bed. She had a sleepless night and only fell asleep at about 5 a.m. Her phone had been buzzing for some time, yet she didn’t hear it at all. 
As the sunlight shone into the room, she slowly opened her eyes. 
“Mmm!” She stretched her body to make herself more comfortable. 
“Hello, Joan. What happened? What took you so long to answer my call?” Nancy asked nervously. 
She was worried that Joan would do some silly things due to the problems in her relationship. 
Women could be vulnerable at times. Besides, they could feel dejected the entire day due to an action, a word, or even a facial expression alone. 
“I’m fine. Don’t worry about me because I have just overslept. What time should we depart?” Joan thumped her head and asked in a soft voice. 
“How about departing now? I mean, we’re free and have nothing else to do now anyway,” Nancy replied. 
The earlier we go, the better. At the very least, Joan wouldn’t stay at home alone and overthink her problems. 
“Sure! Give me some time. I’ll pack up now.” 
As she was about to hang up the phone, Nancy added, “Joan, you don’t have to pack up. We can just grab our phone and start our journey.”
After looking around the room, Joan thought she really didn’t have anything to bring along except for some clothes. Also, she could buy whatever she needed along the trip. As such, she didn’t have to trouble herself to pull the luggage with her everywhere she went. 
“Alright, we’ll meet up straight away. By the way, I hope no one knows about our trip,” Joan highlighted. 
Nancy certainly understood that Joan didn’t want Larry to be aware of it. 
Soon, they arrived and met up in the airport. They felt relaxed as they only brought their phones. 
“What do you think? Do you feel free like a bird without bringing any luggage?” 
“Yes, I feel like I have let go of my burden,” Joan replied smilingly. 
With that, they traveled abroad happily. Even Jory didn’t know where they went. 
“What? Have they gone abroad? When did she leave? Where is she now and who’s with her?” Caiden asked frantically. 
Jaden was taken aback too but regained his composure very quickly. 
Does he not know about this? Is this a prank? What is he busy with these days? Why does he look confused when his loved one has run away?
###Chapter 2285
Chapter 2285 
“Did you contact Joan lately?” Jaden asked cautiously. 
“No. I’m busy lately and don’t even have time to go out. Tell me where she is now,” Caiden asked coldly as he grabbed Jaden’s arm. 
This is a tough question. If he doesn’t know it, how on earth will I have the answer? He might be fond of Joan, but I’m not! Why would I pay attention to what she does? 
“Well, I really don’t know. She went abroad, but no one knows where they are now. I think even Larry isn’t aware of it. So, she probably doesn’t want anyone to find her,” Jaden explained. 
Caiden was a little fumed. How could I miss such a golden opportunity? It’s all because of the damned urgent work. I’ve finally completed it, but my loved one has left! 
“It’s okay. You don’t have to feel dejected. Don’t worry because she’s not leaving forever,” Jaden comforted him. 
“You know nothing. Since she needs someone to comfort her now more than ever, I should always stay by her side to motivate and support her,” Caiden yelled. 
Wow, since when has he become so sentimental? I’ve never seen him so emotional towards anyone before, not to mention a woman! Well, it looks like love trumps all! Unfortunately, Joan doesn’t love him. What a shame! 
Yet, given that Larry and Joan had fallen out, Caiden might still have a chance. Jaden chuckled quietly. 
“I have to look for her.” Suddenly, Caiden stood up as though he wanted to leave.
Is he crazy? Where does he want to go and find her? Since no one knows which country Joan is in now, how can he possibly find her? 
“Hey, Caiden, please stay calm and don’t act rashly,” Jaden reminded him. 
There had to be at least a good reason to look for someone. Moreover, Joan went abroad on a trip and wasn’t missing. Hence, there was nothing to worry about. Furthermore, Caiden wanted to fly abroad and look for her like a lovesick guy even before her lawful husband Larry acted. 
“But I’ve to look for her anyway,” Caiden replied stubbornly. 
Argh, I’ll stop persuading him. He can do whatever he wants. Since I don’t have any say when it comes to Joan, I should save my energy to work on something else instead. 
“Do whatever you like,” With that, Jaden left the office. 
Even though his idea of finding someone in a haystack sounded absurd, Caiden was willing to give it a try. 
Wait, I can check the footage of the surveillance cameras! There must be surveillance cameras in the airport! Once the thought flashed through his mind, Caiden ran out excitedly as though he just had a jab of adrenaline. 
“My god, you’re really going to find her!” Jaden yelled from behind. 
“Yes, I’m going to do that!” Caiden replied loudly. 
Meanwhile, Larry stood near the window and squinted as he stared at the lighthouse not far from him as though he was deep in thought. After much hesitation, he finally grabbed his phone and made a call. 
However, no one picked up the phone, no matter how many times he called.
“What’s wrong, Larry?” Caspian came in and asked. 
“How’s Joan doing now?” Larry asked straightforwardly. 
So, he is worried about Joan. 
“Nancy said she’s fine, and they are having fun. However, she didn’t want to tell me where they are right now. I guess it’s Joan’s idea,” Caspian answered slowly. 
She hasn’t forgiven me yet. When will she finally calm down and listen to my explanation? As Larry was anxious, he unknowingly gripped the side of his shirt tightly. He didn’t know that Joan had witnessed everything when he kept Jessica company and waited for Caspian’s arrival. 
“Larry, has it ever come to your mind that Joan doesn’t trust you now?” Caspian suggested carefully.
###Chapter 2286
Chapter 2286 
They are a husband and a wife, not an ordinary couple. Trust is the foundation of every marriage. Once lost it can never be found again. How then can they live together? 
“Caspian, don’t talk nonsense. She’s only jealous now,” Larry said seriously. 
Yes, I can understand if she’s jealous. However, don’t you think it has been going on for too long? Caspian knew that women loved to engage in cold wars with their loved ones. However, such cold wars definitely wouldn’t persist forever. 
Hence, Caspian thought that if Joan really trusted Larry no more, getting a divorce was probably the best option. Although it wasn’t something that Caspian wished to see, he believed that love couldn’t be forced. Instead of tormenting each other, they probably ought to let go and pursue their own happiness. 
Isn’t it how life is supposed to be? If you don’t love or care about her, someone else will. After all, Larry can still live without Joan. Nobody ever truly needs another person forever in life. Besides, one will eventually forget that person as time goes by. 
In fact, Caspian wasn’t being unreasonable, for his only wish was that Larry wouldn’t be mentally drained anymore due to his strained relationship with Joan. Furthermore, Larry was already troubled by tons of work in the company. As such, he would be even more irritated as his wife would throw a tantrum when he went home. 
“Larry, I’m serious. If nothing works, I think you two should separate. It’s not the end of the world,” Caspian murmured and dared not look up at Larry. 
“Caspian, shut your mouth! Remember this: Joan will be my one and only wife, and I only love her. I won’t change even if she doesn’t love me and leaves me,” Larry said resolutely.
“But have you ever thought about how you should be together if there is no trust between you two? Besides, a few men are waiting for her out there.” 
Instantly, Larry had lost all hope. 
Is he referring to Dustin and Caiden? Yes, the two men are stubborn and never stopped waiting for and courting Joan. Nevertheless, Joan is too naive in this regard by treating them as ordinary friends. 
“That’s enough. You may leave now. I want to be alone.” With that, Larry sat down on the couch and closed his eyes to clear his thoughts. 
He felt utterly spent and craved for a good rest. 
Caspian could feel that Larry was exhausted. Despite this, he had no choice but to leave the office quietly. 
After quite some time, Larry took out his phone again to make a call. 
“Hello, Nancy. How’s Joan? Is she alright? Is she in good health?” Larry asked a series of questions hastily. 
“Larry, I’m surprised that you’re calling to ask about her! What are you doing now? Are you dating that woman?” Nancy replied harshly. 
Ever since she read the newspaper, her attitude toward Larry had changed. 
How dare you betray Joan! Humph, I’m going to teach you a lesson! With that, Nancy hung up her phone. 
“What’s wrong? Was it Jory? Did he ask you to go home?” Joan came up to Nancy and asked as soon as she hung up.
“No, it wasn’t him. Don’t worry. Jory would want me to go on a trip badly so that he can have some peace of mind.” 
After that, they strolled toward the seaside. 
For most women, having fun at the seaside was the easiest way to relax. Hence, it was the first destination that Joan and Nancy chose to visit. Coincidentally, Caiden made the right guess. 
“I mean, where do you want to look for her?” Jaden stopped Caiden and asked. 
He didn’t want Caiden to fly around the world aimlessly. Besides, given that some countries were crisis- ridden, he was worried that his friend would be in danger. 
“Move aside now!” Caiden screamed. 
“Can you sober up? Are you aware of the situation abroad? How can you be that reckless? Don’t worry too much because Joan is only on a trip and will be fine. Please don’t look for her. I’m worried that while she’s safe and sound, something untoward would happen to you instead,” Jaden persuaded him.
###Chapter 2287
Chapter 2287 
Caiden naturally understood the situation then but he was more worried about Joan’s safety. 
“No, I must go, so don’t try stopping me!” As he said that, he forcefully shook off Jaden and promptly left. 
“Hey, be careful! Let me remind you that you’re the only son of the Owens. Your parents will definitely be out for Joan Watts’ blood if anything happens to you!” 
“Excuse me, have you seen this person?” Caiden asked a passerby while holding a photo in his hand. 
“No, I haven’t; sorry.” 
“Excuse me, have you seen this person?” 
He traversed every single street. Not only did he fail to find any signs of Joan, but even the passersby claimed that they had not seen her. 
Could it be that she’s never been here? But that’s impossible. Surveillance footage at the airport indicated that the flight she boarded was indeed headed here. He thumped his head hard as helplessness inundated him. 
“Are you looking for someone, mister?” asked a little girl who suddenly came over to him. 
Upon hearing that, Caiden slowly opened his eyes. Looking at the child in front of him, he nodded helplessly. 
“I saw that lady but she has already left,” the little girl continued.
Huh? What did she just say? Caiden instantly whipped out the photo and sought confirmation while showing it to her. 
“Little girl, you’re sure you’ve seen the person in the photo?” 
“Yup, I’m sure! She even won a balloon for me two days ago, but she has left. She said she’s only here for a vacation with a friend,” the little girl asserted. 
The lady she spoke of wasn’t alone, so it must be Joan, no doubt! If I remember correctly, Jaden told me that she set out with a friend. 
“Did she tell you where she was going next?” Caiden inquired eagerly. 
“No, but she said she was going to another country.” 
“Baby!” a woman abruptly shouted a near distance away. 
“Mister, I’ve got to go since my mother is calling me.” The girl then waved at him and left. 
At that moment, Caiden was exceedingly dispirited. 
Why couldn’t she go a little slower? And why didn’t she wait for me? We could’ve traveled together. With the photo in hand, he then continued chasing after Joan. 
“Ow…” Nancy whimpered on the sofa with both hands clutching her stomach, her face contorted with pain. 
“What’s wrong, Nancy? Are you not feeling well?” Joan asked worriedly as she hastily dashed over. 
“It hurts, Joan. My stomach hurts so badly!” Nancy groaned.
In no time, cold sweat beaded on her face. At that, fear struck Joan and she immediately snagged her cell phone and called for help. 
“Hang on, Nancy. The ambulance will be here soon, so don’t panic. Come on; take a deep breath,” Joan comforted as she grasped Nancy’s petite hand. 
Perhaps the food we had yesterday was too stimulating that it gave her an upset stomach today? 
Nancy lay on the hospital bed with her eyes closed; she was in deep sleep. Beside her, Joan was on pins and needles, afraid that something would happen to her. 
“How is she doing, Doctor?” 
“She’s fine but she needs to be careful about her diet. Also, it’s best that she stays home during this time as she needs adequate rest,” the doctor stated solemnly. 
Oh, goodness, it’s all my fault! Guilt swamped Joan, and her eyes brimmed with regret. No, I can’t have her continue to accompany me like this! Otherwise, it’ll affect the baby inside her! 
“What’s the matter, Joan? You seem rather downcast,” Nancy queried softly as she opened her eyes slowly. 
“Let’s go home, Nancy,” Joan suggested. 
“What are you talking about? No way! We’re finally on vacation; why are you now going back on your word? There are still a lot of countries left on our itinerary!” Nancy exclaimed in agitation. 
Joan considered Nancy’s current condition and determined that they should not continue their trip.
###Chapter 2288
Chapter 2288 
“I’m fine, so don’t worry. I’m perfectly well.” 
Perfectly well, she said? Her agonized expression in the hotel earlier was so terrifying that my heart almost pounded out of my chest! 
“No, we must go back. Your health is of priority!” Joan declared resolutely while clutching her petite hands tightly. 
“How about this, then? I’ll just rest here while you go out and have fun. I’ll wait for you here, okay?” 
At that very moment, a rush of warmth overcame Joan. She knew that the woman before her merely wanted to keep her company, but she couldn’t be so selfish. 
“Oh, my! I’ve finally found you both! You two simply moved from place to place too quickly!” Caiden clamored as he barged in. 
At that, the two of them eyed the man in front of them dubiously, their curiosities piqued. 
“Why are you here, Caiden? And what are you doing here?” Joan hurriedly asked. 
“What else could I be doing here if not traveling? What a coincidence that I actually bumped into the two of you here!” Caiden replied jokingly. 
What a load of b*llshit! That wasn’t what he said when he charged in just now! 
“Well, what’s happening here? Don’t tell me you came after us all this way?” Nancy demanded with a trace of disdain in her eyes.
Hah! He’s obviously a far cry from Larry! After casting him a glance, Nancy turned away and ignored him altogether. 
“Yup, you’re right! You really moved fast, Joan. You were always one step ahead of me. By the time I stepped foot in a country, you would have left just a moment before. Jeez, you should have waited for me!” Caiden deliberately groused in a low voice. 
“Still, you’ve found her now!” Nancy muttered. 
That’s true. I’ve found her at long last, so it wasn’t at all a waste of my time flying around the globe! 
But truth be told, Caiden’s arrival was fortuitous to Nancy. 
Joan has been urging me to return to Chanaea, but I kept worrying that there would be no one else to take care of her. Now that this guy has suddenly appeared, I can take a flight back with peace of mind. 
“Why don’t you go back, Nancy? I’ll be fine with Caiden,” Joan suggested out of the blue. 
After deliberating for a long time, Nancy finally relented. Caiden, on the other hand, had no idea what the two of them were discussing. Nevertheless, excitement imbued him when he heard that he could stay with Joan. 
“I’m warning you, Caiden Owens! You’re not allowed to bully Joan. Also, she’s a married woman, so you’re not to have any ideas about her. Otherwise, you’ll be getting it from me,” Nancy threatened coldly. 
Good heavens! Where did this bratty side of her come from? She’s being aggressive as hell! But whatever! As long as she goes back to Chanaea, there’ll be no problem. After all, it’s out of my control whether something should happen between Joan and me later on!
“Joan is my senior, so I naturally won’t bully her. You’re speaking as though I’m a despicable person,” Caiden griped. 
Hah! Are you not a despicable person? From the look in your eyes, I can clearly tell that you have feelings for her! 
Soon, the three of them reached a consensus. The very next day, Nancy boarded a flight back to Chanaea. 
“Where are we going next, Joan?” Caiden inquired softly. 
As Joan stared at the man in front of her, a pounding headache assaulted her. In reality, her suggestion of having Caiden accompany her for the rest of the trip was merely an excuse to convince Nancy. 
“Go home, Caiden,” she murmured. Lifting her head, she gazed at him seriously. 
What does she mean by that? Is she kicking me away? But didn’t we agree on finishing this trip together? Why is she going back on her word now? Could it be that I’ve displeased her in some way? 
“What’s wrong, Joan? Are you displeased with me? Tell me what I’ve done wrong and I’ll change, okay?” 
No, that’s not it. Honestly speaking, you’re great. You’ve got a handsome face, an amicable personality, an influential and affluent family background, as well as outstanding capabilities. You’re really amazing, but regretfully, I don’t even want to be friends with you right now.
###Chapter 2289
Chapter 2289 
“No, it has nothing to do with you. I just want to be alone. I’m sorry, Caiden, but you should go back.” As Joan said that, she whirled around to leave. 
“No! Tell me what exactly the problem is, Joan!” Caiden demanded loudly as he grabbed her arm. 
“There’s no problem. I just don’t want to be with you! Do you get it now? Please don’t waste your time on me anymore. It won’t do you any good!” Joan roared while forcefully shaking him off. Then, she left. 
What the hell happened just now? I traveled thousands of miles and exhausted myself to come here all the way just to hear her telling me to go back? Caiden’s eyes were filled with utter chagrin. 
No! I certainly won’t go back! Even if she doesn’t want me to follow her, I’ll still secretly protect her! 
Meanwhile, Joan went back to the hotel right away. Plopping down onto the sofa, she closed her eyes and composed herself. 
I’m sorry, Caiden, but I don’t want anyone to disrupt my life now, including Larry. 
A long while later, she packed her bags and left. 
Very quickly, the plane landed and she arrived in another country. It was a place with beautiful scenery and simple folks. 
“Hello! Welcome to our village!” a villager greeted, bowing to her all of a sudden. 
“Hello, and thank you,” Joan replied. 
The villagers had gathered; they seemed to be having an event. The mood was very lively. Driven by curiosity, Joan went over.
“Is there anyone else? Are there any more tourists here?” the person on stage asked loudly. 
Is he referring to me? As Joan darted her eyes around, unease slithered into her. What’s the deal about tourists? Are we not allowed here? 
“Yes!” a man beside her suddenly hollered and shoved her onto the stage. 
All at once, terror engulfed Joan. 
Oh dear, what’s happening here? What exactly are they doing? 
In a corner some distance away, Caiden watched the turn of events with concern written all over his face. 
“Uh… Did I do something wrong?” Joan queried cautiously on stage. 
Upon hearing that, raucous laughter instantly rang out below the stage. 
“Jeez, this woman is really strange!” 
“Exactly! No one asks such a thing as soon as they go on stage!” 
“What an oddball! But she’s rather pretty, so she’s my cup of tea.” 
Among the audience, several men kept chattering and poking fun at her. 
What’s this? Aren’t the people here supposed to be simple and honest? Why do I sense reprehensible and appalling attitudes all around? Joan panicked. Have I made a mistake coming here? 
The truth of the matter was, she had indeed made a mistake traveling to that place.
“You didn’t do anything wrong, Miss. The thing is, we’ve recently launched an activity for tourists, to let them experience local customs here. So, how much do you think you can contribute?” the man on stage asked forcefully. 
Hmm? What does he mean by contributing? Why do I feel as though I’m about to be held ransom? 
“What do you mean? I don’t quite understand,” Joan questioned softly in return. 
Huh? Is she for real? Don’t tell me she’s so dense that she can’t even understand a simple sentence? 
Below the stage, the spectators went into an uproar once again. 
“Well, this woman is going to be mine henceforth, so none of you are allowed to fight me for her!” a man abruptly thundered, jumping onto the stage. 
“What gives? I want her, too, so she’s got to choose!” 
“Hear, hear! You’ve got no right to monopolize her!” 
At that exact moment, Joan trembled. She was dead certain that the group of men were all heinous people. 
“Listen here, lady. Keep me company tonight and I’ll pay for you. How about that? You can ask for however much you want since money is the last thing I lack!” the man who had leaped onto the stage asserted loudly as he sauntered toward her, patting himself on the chest. 
“Why would you pay for me? I’m not buying anything,” Joan countered in a low voice.
###Chapter 2290
Chapter 2290 
The moment Joan’s words came out, the man instantly doubled over with laughter. 
“Say, are you really that slow-witted or merely faking it? What the host meant earlier was that you’ve got to donate money since you’re a tourist!” 
Oh, so that’s what happening here. Donating should be a voluntary choice. Why are they blatantly coercing me to do so? Ah, never mind. I’ll just donate to avoid further trouble! 
Thus, Joan took out her purse at once and gave the host all the money she had left. 
However, the host was abruptly irked. 
“Don’t you think this is too little? You’ve got to donate at least a thousand or so,” the host chided tersely. 
Even so, I’ve already donated all the money I have on me! 
“I’m sorry, but… that’s all I have on me,” Joan explained in mortification. 
“Ah, you’ve got no more money? Ask me for some, then. The amount you donated didn’t even meet the minimum standard,” the man beside her scoffed. 
What? There’s even a standard? At that, Joan’s eyes promptly darkened. They aren’t soliciting donations at all! This is blatant blackmail! 
“Let’s go. Come with me, and I’ll donate on your behalf.” The man then dragged her down the stage. 
“Hey, what are you doing? Let go of me! I don’t need your help!” Joan struggled wildly.
“Don’t be shy. This is no big deal because it’s entirely normal here.” 
Argh! This is not a matter of being shy or otherwise! Damn it, why is he so strong? 
“Ahh!” the man screamed all of a sudden. Joan had clamped her teeth hard on him. 
“Haha, you’ve been bitten by a woman!” 
“How useless of you to be bitten by a woman! Hah! You’re just going to be bossed around all your life!” 
Everyone around them mocked and derided the man. Enraged, the man crouched and threw Joan over his shoulder before striding away. 
“Ahh! Let go of me! Help!” Joan shrieked. 
“How dare you bite and rebuke me?” The man slapped her butt forcefully. 
“Let her go!” A familiar voice was suddenly heard. 
“Who the hell are you? How dare you give me orders?” The man placed Joan down and rolled up his sleeves as he took up a fighting stance. 
“I’m her boyfriend!” Caiden proclaimed loudly. 
All at once, Joan was stumped. When did he become my boyfriend? And didn’t I tell him to go back? 
The man snarled. “Ah, so he’s your boyfriend, huh? He’s indeed quite handsome, but alas, he’s just a pretty face!” 
“Come here, Joan!” Caiden surreptitiously beckoned Joan.
Without the slightest hesitation, Joan rushed over to Caiden and ducked behind him. Then, she peeked at the menacing man in front of them. 
“Don’t be afraid. I’m here, so don’t worry,” Caiden whispered in consolation. 
“How about we make a run for it, Caiden? They far outnumber us,” Joan whispered into his ear. 
How I wish! But that won’t do us any good. This is their territory; where can we go even if we do make a break for it? 
“When the fight breaks out later, seize the opportunity to escape. Do you hear me? Don’t bother about me. I’m a man so I can easily take a beating.” 
Joan stared at Caiden; she was overwhelmed with gratitude. 
Actually, that was also the first time Caiden uttered such a manly declaration. Throughout the years, he reserved all his devotion and heroism for her, and today, he could finally put them to use. 
“No way! I want to stay with you,” Joan rebuffed vehemently. 
Is she crazy? If she doesn’t make her escape later, the consequences will be dire considering the sordid state of affairs here! 
“Remember that you’re a woman, so you’re different from me. Do you get my drift? If they capture me, I’ll only suffer a beating at most. However, it’s different for you!” Caiden snapped in a low voice, truly incensed. 
I’ll never allow the woman I love to be sullied by other men! 
“Well? Beat him up! What are you doing there, wasting time?”
“Hear, hear! Beat him up! Go on! Pummel him!” 
“Quick! We still have to go home to eat!” 
Several people around them started hollering, all wearing expressions of anticipation.
###Chapter 2291
Chapter 2291 
The entire situation had Joan bewildered. In normal circumstances, someone would step out to mediate the situation, but presently not a single person had come forward to be the peacemaker. 
It looks like the villagers here are truly beyond contemptible! Ugh! Why on earth did I choose this place back then? I must have gone crazy! 
She clenched her hands tightly as apprehension brewed within her. 
“Ahh!” All of a sudden, the man snagged the wooden stick beside him and swung it at Caiden. 
“Run, Joan! Quick!” Caiden yelled as he pushed her aside forcefully. 
“Come on! Get him!” The villagers around them clamored. 
In the end, Joan decided to escape. 
No, I can’t allow this to continue! I’ve got to go to the village committee and ask them to put this right! 
Cough! Lying on the ground, Caiden wiped away the blood from the corner of his mouth. 
Meanwhile, a distance away, Joan glanced over her shoulder at the man on the ground from time to time with distress teeming in her eyes. 
“So, what’s your decision? Do you still want to fight?” the man bellowed. 
“Hah! You’re simply a b*stard! All you do is pick on tourists! What’s so great about that?” Caiden retorted loudly after spitting out a mouthful of blood.
Well, well… He’s quite gutsy! He’s already in such a dismal state, yet he’s unwilling to admit defeat? Fine, then. I’ll beat him up until he begs me for mercy! 
Thud! Thud… 
After enduring several blows, Caiden truly could not take it anymore. As he lay on the ground, he squinted in the direction where Joan had fled. 
Joan Watts, will you remember me forever if I die today? At that thought, the corners of his lips curved into a faint smile. 
“Are you insane? Why would you do this to yourself just because of a woman? Are you even a man?” 
“Exactly! What’s so good about that woman? She only has a pretty face. There are plenty of women out there more beautiful than she!” 
“Ah, I pity you! Look, your girlfriend has abandoned you ages ago!” 
The few villagers who kept up a running commentary at the side all wore sympathetic expressions. 
However, Caiden didn’t regret it for a single moment. 
I’ll do anything at all as long as she’s alive and happy! 
At that very moment, Joan was sprawled on the ground. Agonizing pain was etched on her face as she clutched her scraped knees. 
You must wait for me, Caiden! I’ll definitely get someone to save you! Enduring the excruciating pain after having tripped, she struggled up and continued forging ahead. 
“Excuse me, may I know where the village committee is? This is an urgent matter!” Joan asked as she clutched a woman’s arm tightly.
“What’s the matter? Did something happen? Don’t panic. Come with me and I’ll take you there.” The woman hurriedly helped Joan along. 
“What did you just say? An altercation? That’s impossible! This has always been a perfectly civilized village throughout the course of history! How could there be such a horrific incident?” the village chief bellowed furiously. 
“I’m telling you the truth, Chief! Please save my friend! I beg you! Otherwise, he’ll be beaten to death by those people!” Joan beseeched, weeping. 
Upon seeing her tears of anguish and the despair on her face, the woman who had escorted her over could no longer keep her silence. She hastily went over to the village chief and put in a few good words. 
“Chief, we’ll know whether it’s true if we go and have a look, won’t we? If it’s a lie, then we’ll just regard it as a stroll. It won’t make much of a difference. But if it’s true, the responsibility lies with us…” 
Her argument made absolute sense, and it left the village chief without a retort. 
Hmm… For the sake of the village’s reputation, I should probably go and take a look. 
“All right, we’ll make a trip there.” The village chief then strode out the door. 
“Thank you, Madam! Um… Is there a doctor around? My friend sustained severe injuries so he needs immediate treatment,” Joan asked, her voice trembling. 
“Okay, okay. Don’t panic. Keep your emotions in check. Don’t worry, Chief will help you out. The doctor is already on his way here,” the woman answered while patting Joan on the shoulder lightly. 
At long last, Joan breathed a sigh of relief.
Meanwhile, the group of people was still shouting and mocking Caiden relentlessly with atrocious comments.
###Chapter 2292
Chapter 2292 
“Come on! Get up and fight!” 
“Hear, hear! Are you even a man? Get up!” 
However, Caiden was truly depleted of all energy. 
“Stop right there!” 
Out of the blue, a powerful vibe swept over the place. 
All at once, the group of men panicked. They instantly whirled around and took to their heels. 
“Stay where you are! Don’t run! Anyone who tries to run will be banished from this civilized village!” the village chief roared. 
In the blink of an eye, silence fell. Everyone stopped short, not daring to move a single muscle. 
Thud! The wooden stick in the man’s hand fell to the ground. 
“So, all of you are now great and mighty, huh? How dare you act as though you’re the law here?” The village chief boomed as he studied the group of people before him. 
“We didn’t do anything, Chief! It was him! He made the first move!” a child suddenly cried out as he pointed at the man nearby who had beaten Caiden up. 
“Are you okay, Caiden? How are you doing?” Joan immediately sprinted over and helped him up. 
“Don’t worry, I’m fine…” 
Before Caiden could finish speaking, he fell back to the ground and fainted.
“Caiden! Wake up!” Joan screeched and wailed hysterically. 
There was no hospital in this village. Instead, there was one dilapidated clinic. 
On the hospital bed, Caiden’s eyes remained closed, his countenance extremely pallid. The corners of his eyes and mouth, not to mention his cheeks, were stained with blood. Beside him, Joan’s eyes held a wealth of anguish and regret. 
“Miss, there’s no use even if you were to continue waiting like this. Why don’t you go and eat something? You’ll only have energy if you eat. It’s imperative that you don’t collapse because he still needs you to take care of him,” the doctor advised softly. 
“Thank you, Doctor, but I’m not hungry,” Joan murmured. 
I won’t take a step away before Caiden wakes up! You must wake up, Caiden! 
Closing her eyes, she started praying. 
Dear God, I’m the one You should punish instead of him. I’ll bear all necessary punishment! She then rubbed her hands together anxiously. 
Seeing that, the doctor heaved a sigh and left. 
A moment later, the woman who had previously helped her came and urged, “Why don’t you go and eat something, Joan?” 
“You go ahead, Janelle. I want to stay and keep him company here,” Joan replied mildly. 
Finally, only she and a bedridden Caiden remained in the room. Due to her exhaustion, Joan promptly fell asleep with her head on his bed. 
“Uh…”
Shifting slightly, Caiden slowly opened his eyes, only to be greeted by the sight of Joan beside him. 
Thank God she’s fine! And fortunately, she’s still here. With a smile curving his lips, Caiden lifted his right hand and stroked her hair gently. Ah, she’s still so beautiful and innocent. I’m willing to wait forever for her love! 
“You’re awake?” Joan asked softly as she rubbed her eyes. 
“Yup, I’m awake. Are you okay? Did they do anything to you?” Caiden questioned without a moment’s delay. 
At that moment, a burst of warmth suffused Joan. 
The first thing coming out of his mouth when he woke up wasn’t to ask me where he was, nor did he check the injuries he sustained. Instead, he was worried about whether I was injured. What have I ever done to deserve such devotion from him? She was instantly overwhelmed with guilt. 
“I’m fine, but you’re injured so you need to recuperate here for some time. Just stay put for the time being, okay?” she urged worriedly. 
“What about you, then? Are you leaving?” Caiden suddenly asked. 
I’m not worried about my injuries. If she’s leaving, I won’t stay here for even a minute longer! 
“I’m naturally staying here to take care of you,” Joan answered matter-of-factly. 
He only got hurt because of me, so I’ll never abandon him here and leave by myself. I’m not that selfish. Furthermore, he has already saved me twice! 
“Okay, then we’ll stay here for some time. When I’ve recovered, we’ll continue traveling, okay?” Caiden exclaimed excitedly.
###Chapter 2293
Chapter 2293 
Why is he so exuberant all of a sudden? He’s severely injured so he should be despondent instead. So, why does he appear so thrilled and excited now? What’s going on here? Joan stared at Caiden dubiously, finding him rather puzzling. 
Oh well, never mind that! The most important thing now is to take good care of him. I’ll deal with everything else later. 
They were in a village, after all, so medical equipment was limited. For that reason, Caiden wouldn’t be able to recover from his injuries anytime soon. Nonetheless, he didn’t mind it at all. He even hoped to lengthen their stay here since it would allow him more time to interact with Joan alone. 
“Hello, Mr. Owens. As the witness, we require your presence at our village meeting. I wonder if you’d be willing to attend?” the village chief asked out of the blue. 
Although Caiden had no idea what exactly happened, he felt that the village chief was a decent person, so he agreed. 
After exchanging a few pleasantries, the village chief left the room. 
A moment later, Joan walked in with a food container. 
“Here, I made some chicken soup for you, so drink up while it’s hot,” she prompted at once. “I seem to have glimpsed the village chief just now.” 
“Yeah, he requested my presence at some kind of meeting, though I can’t figure out why he wants me there,” Caiden muttered.
Naturally, it was to kick out the man who had beaten him up and those people who had cheered that day. 
This was a civilized village, so the village chief had strict requirements for every single villager. Those who did not behave would find themselves banished; they would never be allowed to return. 
“Ah, so that’s why. It looks like the village chief is really going to take action this time,” Caiden murmured. 
Indeed, this village had a serious and responsible chief. For that reason, the people here were relatively simple and honest compared to other places. Nevertheless, there would always be some rotten apples trying to taint the local ambiance. 
“Alright, then. It’s your decision, so it’s fine as long as you’re sure about it,” Joan concurred softly. 
It was a realistic world, after all. If one couldn’t comply with the rules, one would be required to leave. Caiden was not the kind of person who would deliberately make life difficult for someone else, but he had never been easy prey, either. 
That was his first time being beaten up in his entire life, and it was by a ruffian, of all people. 
“Here, Joan. Apply some medicine on his injuries.” As the doctor said that, he threw the medicine at Joan. 
“Go for it!” 
Caiden took off his shirt and lay on his stomach. He closed his eyes and gritted his teeth in anticipation of the excruciating pain. 
“Uhh…” He clutched the bedsheet tightly, his palms sweaty.
“Does it hurt badly?” Joan hastily asked. 
“I’m fine, but do you mind giving me a massage? I’ll feel much better with a massage,” Caiden deliberately requested. 
Joan, however, did not think anything of it. Placing her hands on his back, she starting massaging him at once. 
“Is this okay? Does it still hurt?” she inquired again. 
“It doesn’t hurt anymore. Instead, it feels really good,” Caiden replied while luxuriating in her touch. 
At the side, the doctor had long since discerned his trickery. Nevertheless, he merely chuckled with a trace of contempt in his eyes. Sometime later, Caiden dozed off, yet Joan was still massaging him. 
“Well, you can stop now, Miss. He’s already asleep,” the doctor commented while patting her on the shoulder lightly. 
Hearing that, Joan peeked at Caiden, only to see that he was indeed asleep. 
How could he fall asleep without letting me know? And I was even worried that I would use excessive force and hurt him! 
“He likes you, huh?” the doctor quipped. 
“What are you saying? We’re just friends!” Joan hurriedly denied it. 
“Well, it’s glaringly obvious that he likes you. Honestly speaking, do you like him?” 
What the hell? I’m married, okay?
“Uh… Well, I’m already married,” Joan replied awkwardly. 
The doctor was instantly mortified. He left right away. 
Days went by. Soon, it was the day of the village meeting. Joan helped Caiden up the stage and seated him right beside the village chief.
###Chapter 2294
Chapter 2294 
Below the stage, a man appeared exceedingly nervous, his expression flustered. On the whole, it seemed that he was seized with panic. 
“You’ve got to be careful, buddy. It looks like Chief is really not joking around this time.” 
“That’s right. He won’t be letting you off so easily since he has even brought the witness here.” 
A few people at the side cautioned Caiden’s attacker with a trace of worry on their faces. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for taking the time to attend today’s meeting. As the village chief, I’ve lived in this place for decades. From its impoverished days in the past to its current status as a civilized village, I’ve always had a clear conscience toward all of you. I once swore that I would never allow anyone in this village to tarnish the simplicity of this beautiful place…” 
The village chief spoke at length. Most of it was foreshadowing but anyone with half a mind would be able to guess his next course of action. 
At long last, the village chief straightened himself and slowly walked to the middle of the stage. He then gazed at the villagers in the audience with an imposing expression. 
“Therefore, those who beat up the tourist that day and clamored for a fight must leave this village today. Our village cannot accommodate such formidable people!” he declared loudly. 
In a flash, the people below the stage went into an uproar. 
“Has Chief gone mad? He’s actually kicking out fellow villagers for the sake of an outsider?” 
“Exactly! We’re family; how could he do that?”
“Could it be that the two tourists bribed him?” 
All the young villages looked at their chief in disdain. Conversely, the older villagers were far more open-minded. 
“Chief, it’s all their fault! It has nothing to do with anyone else!” a man from among the crowd shouted. 
What a joke! They’re here as guests. Which guest would cause a fight the moment they arrive at their destination? Sneering, the village chief stroked his beard and pretended not to have heard anything. 
“Irrelevant people should just zip their mouths. I’m announcing my decision now, not discussing it with the lot of you. Also, a word of advice to those who created trouble this time—I hope you will behave yourself in the future and never attempt to hurt others again. As long as you repent sincerely, there’s still a chance for you to return,” he emphasized purposefully. 
If any of them truly understand his fault, I don’t mind making an exception and re-accepting the person into the village. 
“Please give me another opportunity, Chief! I promise I’ll never fight again,” the man who had beaten Caiden up promptly cried out. 
“No, you have to leave. You’ve already caused trouble too many times so it’s time for you to go out there and learn a lesson,” the village chief insisted tersely. 
What’s there to learn? Are there beautiful girls out there? Or is there money to be made? Besides, my family isn’t short of money! 
The meeting ended with tons of people complaining that the village chief had been bribed. Despite the accusations, the chief remained calm and unruffled as though he didn’t care either way.
“Um… Do you think we went overboard in doing that?” Joan asked in a whisper as she supported Caiden. 
“How was that going overboard? Didn’t that guy go overboard when he beat me up?” Caiden griped in disgruntlement while throwing her a look. 
Caiden’s right, but still, the village chief actually announced the banishment of the perpetrators before the entire village! 
“All right, don’t dwell on that anymore. All that is in the past; let’s go back,” Caiden murmured. 
Oh well, whatever! I’ll just let the matter go. After all, someone has to bear the consequences. 
Meanwhile, Larry sat in the office looking serious as he flipped through some documents. 
Despite that, Joan’s countenance still appeared in his mind from time to time. 
“Larry, Nancy is back,” Caspian reported in a low voice after walking in slowly. 
Hmm? So, Joan has also come back? Putting down the document in his hands, Larry got to his feet and went over to the window. 
“How is she? Is she in a better mood now?” he inquired softly.
###Chapter 2295
Chapter 2295 
“Joan didn’t come back. Nancy came back alone,” Caspian added. 
What’s the meaning of this? They left together, so why did Nancy come back alone? 
“So, where’s Joan? Where did she go?” Larry demanded, instantly whirling around and pinning a stern gaze on him. 
“Well, about that… Nancy said she wants to meet you.” 
In the corner of a café, an elegant woman sat on the sofa, sipping coffee with the demeanor of a wealthy lady. 
“Larry, what exactly happened between you and Joan?” Nancy blurted. 
If I don’t get to the bottom of this, I’ll definitely burst with curiosity! 
“What did she tell you?” Larry asked in return. 
“She didn’t tell me anything; she just kept evading this topic. You’ve got to tell me now, or your wife will be snatched away!” Nancy exclaimed urgently. 
All at once, a flash of suspicion flickered across Larry’s eyes. She won’t utter such a frivolous remark for no reason unless she saw something. 
“Are you referring to Dustin Silverman? Or is it Caiden Owens?” he questioned in a bid to feel her out. 
Well, well… He does have a good idea of the precarious state of affairs. But in that case, why isn’t he cherishing Joan? Nancy shot daggers at him with chagrin written all over her face.
“Who else could it be? Anyway, you should show her more concern. Women are easily won over with a bit of coaxing,” she insisted. 
“I have a question for you, Nancy. Who exactly is with Joan at this moment?” Larry demanded coldly. 
I must know the answer to this. I want to ascertain whether she has actually gone to clear her mind or she’s dating behind my back! 
“In the beginning, I was the only one who went abroad with her. But now that I’m back, who do you think is with her?” 
Nancy didn’t mention a single word about Caiden seeking Joan out. She was afraid that Larry would misunderstand and become jealous. Sometimes, men are even scarier than women when they’re jealous! She then remembered her life previously. The moment Jory got jealous, I had to immediately rush over and mollify him. 
Well, well… She’s playing dumb! As Larry stared at the woman before him, a seed of doubt grew within him. 
If Joan were truly alone, Nancy could’ve just told me that right away without concealing anything. But now, she’s going in circles instead of answering me directly. It’s obvious that someone else is with Joan right now! 
“Caspian, investigate Joan for a bit,” Larry ordered bluntly upon returning to the office. 
What the hell? He wants to investigate his own wife? Caspian did not quite understand his meaning. 
“Investigate where exactly she is and who is with her,” Larry clarified. 
Oh, he’s suspecting that Joan has someone else out there? But that’s impossible! While her actions recently are indeed not up to snuff, she isn’t one who would do inappropriate things!
“Larry, perhaps Joan merely wants to clear her head alone without anyone bothering her,” Caspian muttered. 
“What’s with all the comments? I asked you to investigate her, so just do it! Stop giving me so many excuses!” Larry shot him a glare as he lifted his head, his tone disgruntled. 
Fine, fine. I can’t afford to offend him, but I can avoid him! 
“Okay, I’ll get to it right away.” As Caspian spoke, he beat feet out of the office. 
Ugh! I have no idea who has upset him. As soon as he returned to the office, he acted as though I owed him a king’s ransom. I think he’s really loco! 
“Where are you going?” Jessica inquired as she ambled over. 
“I’m going out to run an errand,” Caspian replied without even stopping. 
What happened? Why does he look so grim? Could it be that he has been hauled over the coals by Larry Norton? In the blink of an eye, fury blazed within Jessica. 
How dare he criticize my man? Larry really has no respect for me anymore! She instantly quickened her pace and barged into Larry’s office. 
“Why are you here again? I’m very busy today, so don’t bother me!” Larry snapped frostily.
###Chapter 2296
Chapter 2296 
Ah, it looks like he’s in a bad mood! Jessica sauntered over and rested her head on his desk, staring at him intently until he grew irritated. 
“Say, Ms. Zimmer, why are you here now? If you need something, just spit it out. I’m very busy, okay?” Larry growled after taking a deep breath to suppress the emotions brewing within him. 
Well, he’s clearly unhappy about something. Why must he bottle it up? Just share it with the class. Thus, Jessica merely looked at him without saying anything. 
“Jessica Zimmer!” 
“Say, Mr. Norton, you’re morose yet you’re not telling anyone the reason. What if you continue to bottle it up and explode?” Jessica drawled. 
All at once, Larry saw red. 
I’m already in a foul mood, yet she’s actually provoking me! Did this woman come here to pick fault with me? He slammed the pen in his hand onto the table, his gaze cold and hard. 
“All right, just tell me if you’ve got a problem, and we’ll think of a solution together. It’s better than you being all grumpy alone. Besides, sulking alone can’t resolve any problems,” Jessica chided. 
Argh! I’m not sulking! I’m obviously pissed off now, okay? 
“I’ve already asked Caspian to resolve it, so you need not be concerned.” Larry barked. 
“But you’re still in a bad mood, no? Is it because of Joan Watts?” Jessica probed.
After all, everyone knows that no one save Joan Watts is capable of affecting his mood. But hasn’t she gone abroad for a trip? So, how did she get on his bad side? 
Larry gazed at the lighthouse outside the window with narrowed eyes for a long moment, not saying a word. 
“Fine. Since you don’t want to tell me, I’ll drop it. Also, stop ordering Caspian around because he still has to handle things for me. Remember you’re the one who promised to assign him to me as my assistant,” Jessica asserted bluntly while dusting her hands. 
Ah, so she came because of Caspian! At that, Larry breathed a sigh of relief and a flicker of tenderness flashed across his eyes. 
The weather was perfect with a gentle breeze and warm sunlight. The flowers by the roadside constantly poked their heads out in a bid to experience the beauty of the world. 
“Isn’t it lovely, Joan?” Caiden queried in a murmur as he gazed at the flower field ahead. 
He knew that Joan had always loved flowers and she previously helped Delilah to tend to her plants. 
“Yeah, it’s stunning,” Joan replied. 
From afar, the flower field seemed infinite, looking vivid with a blend of yellow, red, and white. 
How wonderful! How I wish life could also be this beautiful! Sighing, Joan suddenly thought of Larry. 
She wanted to bring him here to marvel at this flower field together and experience the beauty of time. 
When she was young, she wished she could hold hands with the man she loved in a flower field one day, watching sunrise and sunset.
“Come, let’s go and take a closer look together!” As Caiden said that, he took her hand and set off. 
After a moment’s hesitation, Joan shook off his hand. That had him feeling embarrassed, but he merely smiled and feigned insouciance. 
While Joan was indeed every touched and happy at that moment, she was still very much aware that the man before her was Caiden and not Larry. 
After frolicking for a long while, a wave of fatigue suddenly overcame them both. They plopped down on the stone bench in the flower field while lifting their heads toward the sky. With their eyes closed, they enjoyed the cool breeze and warm sunshine. 
“Joan! Caiden! It’s lunchtime!” Janelle suddenly hollered from a distance away. 
“Coming!” Joan called back loudly, springing to her feet at once. 
“Shall we go out for lunch? It seems like the dishes at Janelle’s place aren’t quite to your liking,” Caiden suggested, abruptly grabbing her arm. 
That was indeed the truth, for Joan ate very little during every meal. She was probably not accustomed to the food there. Even so, Joan was already very grateful to Janelle and her family. If it weren’t for them, she and Caiden would probably still be homeless.
###Chapter 2297
Chapter 2297 
“No, it’s okay. I think Janelle’s cooking is delicious. Let’s go! Don’t keep them waiting.” As Joan said that, she strode away. 
“Eat more, Joan. You’ve lost weight recently. You must tell me if the food isn’t to your liking, okay?” Janelle said out of the blue. 
“Not at all, Janelle. I love your cooking. It’s delicious!” Joan replied immediately. 
Beside her, Caiden alternated his gaze between Joan and Janelle without saying anything. 
Ugh! Why is this woman always making life difficult for herself? 
“Here, this is for you, Caiden. You’ve just recovered, so you’ve got to eat something nutritious.” Janelle then took a drumstick for him. 
At that, the two children stared at the drumstick in Caiden’s bowl. Smacking their petite lips, their eyes shone with longing. 
“Mommy, why don’t we get the drumstick?” one of the children suddenly blurted. 
“Uh, well… We still have drumsticks at home, so I’ll cook them for you tomorrow, okay?” Janelle murmured in embarrassment as she mollified them at once. 
“Here, have this.” While saying that, Caiden gave the only drumstick on the dining table to the youngest child. 
“Thank you, Mr. Owens!” 
The days flew past. Caiden was very happy in the village but Joan was rather downcast.
“What’s wrong? Are you not happy?” Caiden asked in a low voice, tugging at the hem of her sleeve. 
“Huh? Oh, I’m fine. Maybe I’m just a touch tired, so don’t worry,” Joan promptly answered. 
Actually, she was rather disappointed that Larry hadn’t contacted her at all after such a long time. But in truth, Larry phoned her multiple times. It was just that Caiden had secretly deleted her call history. 
“Your cell phone is ringing.” Picking up Caiden’s cell phone, she handed it to him before leaving. 
As Caiden glanced at the name flashing on the screen, his gaze abruptly dimmed. 
“What is it?” he asked without a hint of emotion in his voice. 
“Why are you still abroad at this time, Caiden? Hurry up and come back! Your mother is sick and she has been admitted to the hospital!” Jaden shrieked anxiously. 
Hearing that, Caiden felt as though he had been suddenly struck by a bolt of lightning. His mind went blank. How could she have allowed herself to fall sick? 
But in the next moment, his expression reverted to his calm facade earlier as he tried his best to suppress the feelings within him. 
“Well, she’s not dead, is she?” he drawled coldly. 
“What? Caiden Owens, is that something you should say? She’s your biological mother! I didn’t to you going abroad to travel with Joan Watts, but now that your mother is hospitalized, you must come back!” 
This was the first time that Jaden lost his temper with Caiden. It was also the first time that Caiden heard that his mother had been admitted to the hospital.
That so-called mother of mine has always been a strong woman. Every time I saw her, she always seemed invincible. So why has she collapsed now? He pounded his fists against his head, looking exceedingly tormented. 
“What’s wrong? Did something happen?” Joan inquired as she slowly walked over. 
“No, everything’s fine,” Caiden replied without even lifting his head. 
Considering his forlorn back and anguished expression, something must have happened, but he just doesn’t want to face it. Oh well, I’ll just leave him to it. Maybe the pain within him will dissipate as time goes by. Besides, I can’t even heal the wounds riddling me, so what right do I have to advise him? Joan then turned around and headed to the balcony. 
At that very moment, tears shimmered in Caiden’s eyes, yet he refused to relent. 
No, she was the one who abandoned me first, so why should I go and visit her? Why should I listen to her? What has she ever done for me throughout the years? 
Meanwhile, the weather was gradually turning colder in Chanaea. Piles of dead leaves by the roadside made a pitiful sight. As autumn gradually approached, even the sunlight wasn’t as dazzling as before. 
“What are you thinking about, Mr. Norton?” Jessica questioned loudly as she mischievously popped up in front of him.
###Chapter 2298
Chapter 2298 
“What else could I be thinking about? I’m naturally missing Joan,” Larry answered mildly. 
At this time, he was no longer concealing his longing toward Joan in front of Jessica. Jessica, on the other hand, was an understanding person. She could comprehend his feelings for Joan, so it was natural that she would think of ways for him to fix his relationship with Joan. 
“Call her if you miss her. How would she know if you don’t say anything?” she drawled. 
“Hah! Please don’t mention that. It was all because of your lousy suggestion that I’ve phoned her multiple times, but she never once picked up. On top of that, she didn’t even return my calls,” Larry retorted with a sigh, his eyes brimming with mild chagrin. 
Huh? That’s weird. After a couple has fought, the woman will usually compromise as long as the man takes the initiative to patch things up. What’s more, Joan has always loved Larry. Could it be that someone around her sabotaged things? 
Jessica’s brows creased deeply as she plunged into contemplation. 
“Ah, forget it. Don’t give me any more crappy ideas. Let’s just wait until Joan comes back,” Larry muttered. 
Damn it, what did he just say? How was my idea crappy? That’s something every woman yearns for, okay? Argh! Never mind. He’ll never understand. He’s a man, after all! Turning her face away from him, Jessica ignored him and plopped down onto the sofa. She then picked up a magazine and started reading it solemnly. 
“Oh, yes, how are things between you and Caspian?” Larry suddenly inquired as he whirled around.
“Hey, don’t run your mouth, Larry! There’s nothing between the two of us. He’s merely my assistant, so don’t get the wrong idea,” Jessica responded loudly. 
Larry was amused. Oh, really? While she can fool Caspian, she can’t do the same to me! From the look in her eyes when she gazes at him, it’s glaringly obvious that she has feelings for him. 
“Oh, I see. In that case, all right, then. I’ll just agree to the request,” Larry declared on purpose. 
Hmm? What request? What did he mean by that? In a flash, Jessica straightened and stared seriously at the man a stone’s throw away, waiting for his clarification. Unexpectedly, Larry started tapping on his keyboard in the next moment. 
“Well? Finish whatever you were saying earlier!” Jessica screeched as her temper flared. 
“Someone wants to introduce a girlfriend to Caspian. As you know, he’s been single for some time, so he should have a family of his own…” 
“No way!” Jessica abruptly bellowed as though she had lost her mind. 
Startled, Larry’s head instantly snapped up. He stared at her. 
“Why are you so worked up? It’s not like someone is introducing to you a potential boyfriend. If you’re jealous, I don’t mind finding you one…” He offered with slight hesitance. 
“Who’s worked up? I’m just thinking that Caspian is very busy, so he has no time to date,” Jessica countered as she turned around and went back to the sofa. 
She must be jealous. Larry smirked. Well, she should just admit it! It’s obvious that she likes Caspian, yet she’s always indifferent to him! What on earth is she thinking? 
He shook his head in exasperation.
Although Larry didn’t say anything further, Jessica was exceedingly flustered and panicked at that moment. It felt as though her heart was lodged in her throat. 
What should I do? What if Caspian truly goes on the blind date? Who’s going to keep me company and have fun with me in the future? Who’s going to protect and take care of me? No, I can’t let him go on that blind date! 
“If I remember correctly, they’re meeting tonight,” Larry blurted out of the blue. 
Despite that, the woman on the sofa continued flipping through the magazine nonchalantly. 
Finally, she snapped. 
“I’m leaving. I’m hungry, so I’m going to grab some food.” As she said that, she snagged her handbag and left the office. 
As Larry gazed at her retreating back, the corners of his mouth turned up in amusement. 
She’s really naive sometimes to believe everything I say. Of course, he only made up such a lie so that Jessica would realize her feelings for Caspian.
###Chapter 2299
Chapter 2299 
“What’s wrong with Caiden recently, Joan?” Janelle asked out of the blue. 
At that, worry abruptly assailed Joan as she stared at Caiden some distance away. 
Ever since he received the phone call that day, he had been in his current state of masking his sorrow. 
“Perhaps he’s simply too tired these days,” she murmured. 
“Your phone is ringing, Ms. Watts!” one of the children proclaimed loudly as he ran over. 
“Thank you, Darling,” Joan replied softly as she pinched his cheek amiably. 
Hmm? It’s an unknown number. All at once, vexation showed in her eyes. And here I thought that it was a call from Larry! 
Without an ounce of hesitation, she declined the call. She never had a good impression of unknown numbers because she once received harassing sales calls on an almost daily basis. 
Nonetheless, her cell phone kept ringing, irritating her greatly. 
“What exactly do you want? I don’t want to buy a house or car! I have no money!” After saying that, she was about to hang up. 
“Wait! Don’t hang up! It’s me.” 
Hmm… This voice seems rather familiar. Joan stared at her cell phone skeptically. 
“I’m Jaden Ford. Have you forgotten me?” the man asked. 
Oh, it’s him! He must be looking for Caiden, huh?
“Please hold for a moment. I’ll hand the phone to Caiden right away.” 
“No! I’m not looking for him. Rather, I want to speak to you. Um… Joan, I think this is something I should tell you since you might be the only person Caiden currently listens to. His mother has been admitted to the hospital and her condition is rather serious right now. I phoned him a few days ago, but…” Jaden explained. 
No wonder Caiden has been out of sorts these few days, spacing out while staring up at the sky from time to time. It’s evident that he’s extremely worried about his mother. But why hasn’t he gone back? 
Jaden continued, “Joan, consider this a plea from me this time. I have never begged anyone in my life, nor do I know how to do so. But now, I’ll go for broke. As long as you bring him back, I’m willing to do anything for you!” 
Jaden’s earnest sincerity made Joan feel guilty. 
Caiden only went abroad because of me, and it’s also because of me that he got hurt. How could I just twiddle my thumbs when something has happened to his mother? No, he must go home! 
“Caiden!” she called out to him. 
Ducking his head, Caiden dashed off the tears on his face before he pivoted and walked toward her. 
“What’s the matter?” 
“Um… I want to go back to Chanaea,” Joan murmured, looking at him seriously. 
Why does she suddenly want to go back? Isn’t her trip still a ways to go? 
“Aren’t you…”
“No, I want to go back. I miss Lucius and Ms. Young,” Joan interrupted right away. 
The fact that she didn’t mention Larry filled Caiden with joy. 
“When do you want to leave?” Caiden asked slowly. 
“Right now. I’ve already booked the flight tickets.” 
Huh? Why so sudden? Caiden eyed the woman before him suspiciously as puzzlement gripped him. When did she become so blasé that she’s coming and going on a whim? 
Before he could ponder upon it, Joan had already dragged him around to bid farewell to the village chief, Janelle, as well as a few other villagers. 
“Joan, remember to come back often in the future if you’ve got time. The children love you a lot!” Janelle urged. 
“Exactly. I’m really reluctant to part with such a kind person like you.” 
“I’ll miss you, Ms. Watts!” a child exclaimed loudly while throwing himself at Joan. 
“I’ll miss you, too, Darling. Don’t worry, I’ll definitely come back to visit when I’ve got time in the future.” Joan waved at them with much reluctance. 
“If you don’t want to leave, we could stay longer,” Caiden suddenly chimed in beside her.
###Chapter 2300
Chapter 2300 
No, we certainly can’t stay any longer! His mother is still in the hospital now, so he must rush back to visit her! 
“Let’s go.” 
Throughout the entire journey, Joan clutched Caiden’s arm as though she was afraid he would get lost. That, in turn, aroused Caiden’s suspicions. 
“Jeez, I’m not a three-year-old, Joan! I won’t get lost,” he grumbled. 
I don’t care how old he is! No matter what, I’ve got to get him to the hospital! 
During the flight, Joan kept her eyes closed and rested for a bit. But beside her, Caiden was experiencing wave after wave of unease. 
I wonder how she’s doing now. Is she out of the woods? Has she eaten? Did she catch a cold? 
When he closed his eyes, all he saw was his mother. 
At long last, the plane landed. 
“Hey, wake up, Caiden! We’re back in Chanaea.” Joan gently nudged his shoulder. 
“Uh… Okay.” Caiden massaged his temples in a bid to make himself more awake. 
“Where are we going now?” 
“The hospital,” Joan replied without any hesitation. 
In an instant, Caiden’s guard went up.
“Why are we going to the hospital?” he immediately questioned. 
“Lucius caught a cold. It seems very serious, so I’ve got to go and visit him.” 
Is that really the truth? Caiden studied the woman before him closely as suspicion swamped him. Could it be that she knows about my mother? 
“All right, you go ahead, then. I’m going home since I need to rest.” As he said that, he strode away. 
“Hey, don’t go! Why don’t you go with me?” Joan ran in front of him and grabbed his arm tightly. 
“Why should I go with you? He’s your son, not mine.” 
How could he say that? He’s making it sound as though he has no concern for any other children in this world save his own child! Why did he suddenly turn so aloof? Hearing that, a cold gleam flickered across Joan’s eyes. 
In truth, that wasn’t his intention. He was merely afraid that she was trying to trick him into going to the hospital to visit his mother instead of her son. 
“Come on, let’s go. Accompany me to the hospital, okay?” Joan coaxed softly. 
This was the first time she was so tender with him. 
“Ugh! I’m really tired!” 
Joan was grumbling internally. I’m tired as well, okay? She continued persuading him. 
“Huh? Isn’t that Mrs. Norton?” a woman exclaimed some distance away. 
Taken aback, Larry’s head jerked up at once and he swung his gaze over.
The moment he did so, he locked gazes with Caiden. 
Beside Caiden, Joan was still nudging him, making it appear as though she was flirting with him. 
Perhaps he sensed Larry’s envy and jealousy, Caiden suddenly placed his right hand on Joan’s shoulder and flashed her a smile. “Okay, I’ll go to the hospital with you.” 
Joan did not notice Larry. The moment she heard the man beside her agreeing to go to the hospital, elation overwhelmed her. 
“Come, let’s go!” As she said that, she promptly dragged him into the car. 
Throughout it all, Caiden stared at the wintry gaze within sight with a smirk on his face and smugness in his eyes. 
How about that, Larry Norton? You saw it, didn’t you? This is your wife, Joan Watts, and she is now with me! 
“Let’s go, Mr. Norton,” the assistant beside him prompted softly. 
“Let’s go!” Larry spun on his heels and walked into the airport terminal building. 
Nevertheless, Caiden wasn’t exactly happy in the car. 
I don’t want to visit the hospitalized woman. I hate her! 
“Stop!” he suddenly roared. 
Stunned, Joan stared at the man beside him inquisitively as she waited for his explanation. 
What’s wrong with him now? Didn’t he agree to it earlier? So why is he now changing his mind?
“I want to go home,” Caiden asserted. 
Has he lost his mind? A man’s word is his bond; how could he go back on his word?

###Chapter 2301
Chapter 2301 
“Caiden, please don’t make a fuss, okay? We’ll be arriving at the hospital very soon,” Joan immediately cajoled. 
“I’m not making a fuss. I know what I’m doing, Joan. I don’t want to go to the hospital, so don’t waste your time persuading me anymore.” As Caiden said that, he climbed out of the car and strode away. 
“Caiden Owens, what exactly are you trying to do? No matter what, she’s your mother! Without her, you wouldn’t be here today, so you should be grateful to her!” Joan snapped behind him. 
Yeah, I should really be grateful to that woman. I should be thankful for her indifference all these years. I should be glad that she’s left me with my grandparents and caused me to be mocked for having no parents since young! 
Lifting his head to stare at the sky, Caiden sneered. 
Never had I imagined I would have such a bizarre life! 
“Go and visit her, Caiden. If not, you’ll regret it.” Joan tugged at the hem of his shirt. 
“No way!” Caiden snarled before he left. 
Good heavens! Why is he so obstinate? What is more important than familial bonds? What grudge does he have against his own mother that he isn’t at all concerned about her wellbeing? 
“Miss, are you still heading to the hospital?” the driver called out in a booming voice some distance away. 
“Yes!” Joan swiftly sprinted back.
In the hospital room, Caiden’s mother was on an IV drip, looking incredibly frail on the hospital bed. Jaden and Noelle sat at the side with their eyes pinned on the woman on the bed, afraid that they would miss the slightest twitch. 
“How did it go? Did he go home?” Jaden demanded anxiously as he clutched at Joan’s arm. 
He grew up with Caiden, so he naturally understood his temperament. Thus, he actually hadn’t expected to see Caiden. I just thought that Joan could sway him, but unexpectedly… 
“Yeah, he went home,” Joan replied in a mere whisper. 
“Caiden. Son, I’m sorry…” the woman on the hospital bed muttered, seemingly dreaming. 
“How’s Mrs. Owens doing? Has her condition improved?” 
“Yeah, she has just undergone an operation. Mr. Owens actually wanted her to see Caiden before the operation, but he wasn’t back yet,” Jaden replied with his head lowered. 
At that very moment, Joan felt nothing but guilt. If it weren’t for me, perhaps Caiden would have come to visit his mother. 
Meanwhile, Noelle kept shooting daggers at Joan. 
This is all on you, Joan Watts! If it weren’t for you, Caiden would never have abandoned me! She clenched her hands tightly and her gaze turned vicious. 
“All right, you should go back and rest. Also, please continue to convince Caiden,” Jaden told Joan. 
That’s not a problem at all. As long as he’s willing to come and visit his mother, I won’t mind doing anything at all!
Meanwhile, Caiden was sprawled on the sofa in the living room. Staring at the ceiling above with his eyes opened wide, he zoned out. The cell phone beside him rang incessantly, but it was as though he didn’t even notice it. 
Ugh! What is he doing now that he’s not answering the phone? Stomping her foot in a fit of pique, Joan swiftly left the hospital and went straight to Caiden’s house. 
“Open the door, Caiden Owens!” Joan roared outside the door. 
However, Caiden made no move to get up. 
He knew why she was here, so he wasn’t planning on allowing her into the house. 
“Open up!” Joan bellowed unceasingly as she pounded on the door. 
Finally, someone opened the door. However, it wasn’t Caiden but several neighbors of his. 
“Goodness gracious, what’s with the awful noise out here? If you are arguing with your boyfriend, go and do it elsewhere. Be considerate, okay? How are we supposed to rest with all the shouting going on?” 
“Hear, hear! This is considered a public nuisance. Let me warn you that we’re well within our rights to lodge a police report!”
###Chapter 2302
Chapter 2302 
“Miss, why didn’t you bring your keys when you went out? What if your husband’s not at home?” 
“I’m sorry for disturbing you! Sorry!” Joan apologized. 
As Caiden had heard the conversation outside, he stood up and slowly walked to the door. 
“Come in!” he said with a cold, monotonous voice. 
The instant Joan saw him, she shot him a fierce look and gritted her teeth. 
She had a strong urge to hit him right then. How dare he abandon his own mother! 
“Why are you here? If you’re going to persuade me to go to the hospital, save it,” he replied in a straightforward manner. 
Wow, he really doesn’t care. She then glanced around his apartment. Snacks, fruits, beer cans, and wine bottles were scattered throughout the place. Basically, it was a mess. 
“Is this how you’ve been living the past two days?” she asked. 
Yeah, I’ve been living well. I can eat whatever I want and do whatever I want. He shot her a glance but did not say anything else. 
Noticing his reaction, she continued, “Relax. I’m just here to see you.” 
I sure don’t think so. Caiden simply sneered in reply. 
It was the first time he was acting that cold and indifferent to Joan. It was all because of his mother. However, he could not forgive his mother for everything that she had done to him previously. For so
many years, he had never once been able to experience maternal love, nor had he called her “Mom.” 
“What do you want to eat? I’ll cook,” said Joan as she headed for the kitchen. 
Joan was someone he held dear to his heart. He was willing to accompany her on travels and was willing to be injured for her. Similarly, she would care for him when he needed someone the most, simply because they were friends. 
“I want to eat baked ribs and steamed clams!” 
A while later, the food was cooked and they began to eat. Although Joan felt relieved watching him eat so heartily, she was still a little worried. 
Don’t tell me he’ll never forgive that woman in the hospital? 
Judging by her expression, Caiden could guess what Joan was thinking. However, he pretended as if he did not know and swiped on his phone as he ate. 
“Caiden, about…” 
“It smells so good. Your cooking skills have really improved a lot,” he interrupted. 
“No, about the hospital…” 
“Quick, try it. It’s really delicious.” He picked up a piece of meat and stuffed it into her mouth. 
His action was so abrupt that Joan choked on the meat. Reflexively, she immediately spat it out. 
“Are you okay? I’m sorry, I didn’t do it on purpose.” He instantly patted her on the back, trying to help her feel better. 
He clearly did it on purpose so that I can’t talk about his mother! Joan then shot him a cold look in reply.
He, on the other hand, acted as if nothing was wrong. “Are you okay now? I’ll continue eating, then.” 
This idiot only thinks about himself and never considers others’ feelings! Whatever. It’s up to him now. One day, he’ll regret it. 
“I’ll leave first,” she said before she picked up her phone and walked off. 
However, as soon as she opened the door, she was confronted with a cold gaze. 
“Why are you here?” Noelle shouted, her voice carrying a tone of complaint. 
“Who’s yelling so loudly? What are you trying to do?” Caiden shouted from the dining room. 
Upon hearing his voice, Noelle trembled and took a few steps back. However, the bitter look in her eyes never faded. 
“What exactly do you want, Joan? You already have a husband and child. Why do you keep pestering Caiden?” she asked rudely. 
Because he’s my savior. Because I want to help him reconcile with his mother. 
“Ms. Ford, you’ve misunderstood. Nothing’s going on between Caiden and me,” Joan explained. 
Noelle did not buy that. Who’d believe that? A woman who goes to another man’s house to cook for him surely has other crooked thoughts. Does she really think she can coax and trick me so easily?
###Chapter 2303
Chapter 2303 
“Just admit it. You don’t have to be so hypocritical in front of me. I’ve seen too many unfaithful, cheating women like you…” 
Noelle’s words were very harsh; she did not show Joan any mercy. Meanwhile, Caiden, who was in the dining room, could vaguely hear the sounds of two women talking but could not clearly make out the content of their conversation. 
“Joan, come again tomorrow, okay?” he shouted. 
Upon hearing those words, Noelle fumed. 
Slap! 
Instantly, Joan’s cheek turned red. 
“B*tch, do you think you’re so great just because you cooked him a few meals? Do you think he can’t leave you anymore just because you fed him? What a vixen…” 
“Shut up!” All of a sudden, Caiden appeared in front of both of them. 
“Are you okay? Does it hurt?” He sounded heartbroken and immediately pulled Joan behind him. 
“I’m fine. I’m going to go now.” Joan was about to leave. 
She did not want to stay there any longer. 
“Caiden, this b*tch keeps trying to get close to you. You can’t fall for her tricks!” Noelle shouted. 
“Get lost right now. Get out!” he shouted back at her.
Noelle froze in surprise at his sudden roar because she had never seen him that angry before. It’s all because of this b*tch! 
“Joan is a vixen! Why are you even still friends with her? She’s not worthy…” 
Slap! 
This time, Caiden struck Noelle. 
Shocked, Joan hurriedly grabbed his arm and tried to stop him from doing more. 
“Caiden Owens! How dare you hit me!” yelled Noelle as she slowly raised her head, shooting him a cold glare. 
Huh, what don’t I dare to do? You were the one who hit Joan first. Count yourself lucky that I didn’t give you a few more slaps! 
“Noelle, I don’t want to see you ever again. Don’t come back here. If you don’t want this to affect your brother, then you’d better do as I say. Otherwise, I wouldn’t mind forcing him to move out immediately!” he replied fiercely. 
Caiden was a man who could tolerate many things, but seeing Joan getting bullied was not one of those things, especially when it happened right in front of him. 
“Calm down, Caiden. Don’t be impulsive!” Joan persuaded. 
Noelle felt wronged. He’s the same Caiden who grew up with me since we were kids. He’s the one who willingly let me bully him. He has changed! He’s actually siding with others now! 
“Noelle, don’t blame him. He only did it on impulse…”
“Shut up! This is all because of you! If it weren’t for you, why would he hit me? Can you even call yourself a man, Caiden? Do you have a conscience? Do you have any idea what my brother’s doing right now? He’s keeping your mother company and even feeding her himself! He stopped all of his work to help take care of her and even got me to come over to check on you. He’s also afraid you’d be hungry, so he made me buy your favorite dumplings! But what about you? You’re here flirting with this b*tch!” shouted Noelle as her tears fell endlessly. 
She took a deep breath before she continued, “I was so damn blind to fall for a b*stard and an ingrate like you!” As soon as she was done, she turned around and ran off. 
Taken aback by her words, Caiden remained in his place as he contemplated what she had just said. 
Yeah, Jaden’s been the one beside me since young. Caiden recalled that Jaden had always taken care of him when his own parents and grandparents were not around. What’s wrong with me right now? Confused, he held his head in his hands as his expression turned into a painful one. 
Joan did not have any time to think further. Since she knew that Caiden was emotionally unstable so she chased after Noelle immediately. 
“Noelle!” she shouted as she ran. 
However, there was no trace of her anywhere. 
Where did she go? She’d only just left. Where has she disappeared to?
###Chapter 2304
Chapter 2304 
“Noelle! Where are you!” Joan continued to shout as she searched for her. 
At the same time, Noelle was sitting by the side of the road, crying as she called someone on the phone. 
Once the other person picked up, she immediately said, “Jaden, Caiden hit me. You need to help me!” 
“What? Why did he do that?” Jaden anxiously stood up as soon as he heard his sister’s words. 
I knew it! Nothing good happens when those two are together! 
“He slapped me! My face still hurts right now,” she muttered. 
Hm? Did she do something wrong? Caiden’s not the type to slap others without reason. 
“Noelle, what did you do?” he asked cautiously. 
Instantly, Noelle fell silent. She did not dare tell him that she had slapped Joan first. 
“I didn’t do anything else. All I did was bring him the dumplings as you told me to!” 
Just then, a weak voice came from the haggard woman lying on the hospital bed in front of Jaden. “Are you busy with something, Jaden? It’s fine. I can handle it myself then.” 
He looked at his phone and then at the woman in front of him. Eventually, he left the ward and headed over to where Noelle was. 
As soon as he arrived, he began to comfort her. He asked worriedly, “What exactly is going on? Okay, okay. Stop crying and tell me what happened.”
“It’s all because of that b*tch, Joan! If it weren’t for her, Caiden would never hit me!” Noelle shouted. 
Looking at her red cheek, the man felt heartbroken. 
Caiden’s too cruel. How could he slap her like that? They’ve already known each other for so many years. Although they sometimes don’t get along very well, things have never been so bad that they needed to get into a fight… Unless it’s really related to Joan? 
“Tell me exactly what happened,” he said, pulling her to take a seat. 
“I bought some dumplings and wanted to take them to Caiden…” Noelle began to explain. 
Throughout her explanation, she spoke in exaggeration, pushing all the blame to Joan. Her behavior made Jaden skeptical. 
He asked in a low voice, “Did you miss something out? Although I haven’t interacted a lot with Joan, I know her personality quite well. She’s a reasonable, serious woman.” 
Damn it! What’s he trying to say? Is he doubting me? Noelle gazed at her brother in contempt. 
“Don’t tell me you’ve also fallen for that woman? I knew it! She’s a vixen!” she scolded maliciously. 
It looks like she really hates Joan. He sighed upon his realization, knowing that Caiden liked Joan and did not have the slightest bit of affection for his sister. 
Furthermore, Jaden understood that relationships could not be forced. If it was truly meant to be, there was no need to force anything. Once forced, things would only turn out badly. Therefore, he knew that even if Caiden really married Noelle in the end, their marriage would not be a happy one. It would be equally unhappy if Caiden were to end up with Joan.
“It’s okay. Don’t be angry anymore. I’ll clarify this with Caiden later on. Go home now. Dad and Mom are waiting for you,” he said, patting her on the shoulder. 
“Jaden, I told you. This isn’t Caiden’s fault at all. It’s all Joan’s fault,” she reminded her brother. 
He smiled at her in response but otherwise kept silent. 
He knew his sister was willful and unruly, and even a little crazy at times. However, Jaden was not an unreasonable person. As soon as she left, he immediately took out his phone and called someone. 
A while later, a woman walked into a café and, at a glance, spotted a man in the corner. 
“You called me over because of Noelle, right?” Joan asked softly. 
She knew that Noelle had probably already told Jaden everything. She also knew that Jaden had always spoiled his sister. 
“Joan, can you tell me what exactly you are thinking?” he asked bluntly. 
What I’m thinking? About the thing between Caiden and me? She sneered.
###Chapter 2305
Chapter 2305 
“Honestly, I’m not thinking about anything. Caiden and I are just friends and I don’t want to get involved in your lives. But, as you know…” Joan shrugged as she replied somewhat helplessly. 
Indeed, Jaden knew all along that it was Caiden who was bothering Joan. She had never once taken the initiative to contact him. Sometimes, he did not understand why Caiden had to hold on to a married woman. Why can’t he let her go? 
“What exactly happened with Caiden today? Why did he hit my sister?” Jaden asked. 
Here it comes. I can’t avoid it now. Joan took a deep breath to prepare herself, then looked him in the eye and began to explain the situation. 
Finally, Jaden finally understood the entire situation. 
Basically, Noelle was the culprit! Joan was merely the one who ignited the fire in her. 
“It’s all because of you again,” he said as he stirred his coffee. 
Hearing his words, Joan immediately lowered her head as a trace of guilt flashed across her eyes. 
Yeah, if I hadn’t gone to cook for Caiden, all these wouldn’t have happened. 
“Sorry, I didn’t expect this to happen,” she whispered. 
He took a sip of coffee before he said, “Joan, I have to remind you that you need to break some things off. Otherwise, you’ll cause even greater problems. You really need to think it through properly. As for Caiden’s feelings, as long as he’s happy, I don’t want to get too involved in it. I’ve grown up with him since young. He didn’t have it easy and was bullied by other kids back then. He was also looked down
upon when we were in school. So if you like him, don’t let go of him or make him unhappy ever again. If you don’t like him, please keep a distance from him so that he doesn’t have to continue to suffer. It’s something that all of us, including you, don’t want to see, am I right?” 
He’s right. If some things aren’t stopped in time, they’ll only become more complicated in the future. 
Jaden knew that all along, Caiden had always been stubborn. The latter was not a person to give up trying so easily. However, Jaden also clearly understood that Joan was someone Caiden could never have. 
“I understand. Thank you,” she replied and prepared to leave. 
“Also, I hope the best for you and Larry. If you still love him, you should try to get along with him,” he reminded her. 
Joan suddenly felt Jaden had matured a lot. The Jaden of the past was always sloppy and carefree and never did his job properly. But now… Joan continued to gaze at him curiously. 
“Is it that weird? This is the real me,” he explained. 
Okay, then. This world is too complicated; I don’t want to bother to understand it. 
Joan smiled and left the cafe. 
She walked on aimlessly, admiring the flowers by the side of the road as she was lost in her own thoughts. 
How can I explain this properly to Caiden? He’s already in a bad mood right now. If… 
Forget it. I’ll talk to him again in a few days. 
As soon as she got home, Lucius ran into her arms. “Mom, you’re back! I missed you!”
“Hi! Come taste the soup that I made for you,” Delilah said from the kitchen. 
“My dear, how have you been?” Joan asked, pinching the boy’s cheeks. 
“Very good! My teacher said that I’m the best child in class. Isn’t that right, Grandma?” he shouted toward the kitchen. 
“Yes, yes. You’ll always be the best in my heart. You’ll be even better than your Mom!” 
At that moment in Larry’s office, Caspian carefully handed the photo over to Larry. “Here it is.” There was a hint of caution in Caspian’s expression as he spoke. 
“Thanks. You may go now,” Larry replied slowly. 
He’s asking me to go out without even looking at it? Isn’t he going to ask me any questions? 
Without raising his head, Larry continued, “Go back to work first. I’ll call you if I need you.” 
In reality, he was only acting that way because he was worried that as soon as he saw the photo, he would lose control of himself and vent his anger on Caspian.
###Chapter 2306
Chapter 2306 
Caspian shot a worried glance at him, hesitant to speak his mind. Eventually, he decided that it’d be best to leave Larry alone. 
Larry was certain that these photos were anything but ordinary or boring. He was curious to find out for himself, but he was also worried about the truth. 
After much hesitation, he finally opened the envelope and poured out the contents on the table. 
Unfortunately, it was just like what he had expected. 
Laid out in front of him were intimate photos of Joan and Caiden. Every photo depicted them going about their lives in the village. 
Those who did not know better would believe they were a matching couple. Larry trembled as he held the photos, his gaze icy and murderous. 
Joan, you still betrayed me in the end! I won’t forgive you for this. 
“Mom, where’s Dad? It seems like he hasn’t been back for quite a long time.” Lucius whispered as he hugged Joan. 
Joan was slightly stunned but soon recovered her composure. 
She had no idea what Larry was busy with or where he even was. What was she supposed to tell Lucius? 
“Well, Dad has been very busy with work,” she mumbled. 
“But it’s been so, so, so long since he came home. Mom, did you and Dad fight?”
Thinking back, Joan realized it had indeed been a while since she had a proper conversation with Larry. Her eyes filled with sorrow as she lowered her head. If she could, she would love to have a heart-to-heart talk with Larry and let him know how much she missed him when she was away. 
Unfortunately, there was always something pulling her back. 
No matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t get the photo of Jessica kissing Larry out of her head. Her heart would be struck with terrible anguish whenever she thought about Larry’s betrayal. 
After a bit of chatting, Lucius became tired and went off to bed. Joan glanced up at the ceiling as she lay on the sofa. She was perturbed. 
Why hasn’t Larry come home? Should I give him a call? 
“Joan, why aren’t you sleeping yet?” Delilah asked gently as she slowly made her way toward Joan. 
“Oh, I’m not tired yet. I’ll sleep in a while.” 
“You’re probably up waiting, aren’t you? Well, Larry’s away on a business trip so don’t wait up for him.” Delilah gave Joan’s shoulder a light pat. 
A business trip? No wonder he hasn’t been home! For some reason, Joan found the news incredibly disappointing. 
“Do you miss him? Why don’t you call him? Do you know how depressed Larry was when you moved out? Seeing him then really broke my heart.” 
Really? If so, why didn’t he take the initiative to call me? Joan cast a doubtful look at Delilah, unable to tell if the latter was telling the truth or just speaking up for Larry.
“Fine, you can ask him yourself when he’s back,” Delilah replied when she saw how skeptical Joan was. Following that, Delilah got up and returned to her room. 
Joan finally understood the saying that love brings with it as much torment as it does joy. But what could she do when Larry still seemed to be angry? 
After much hesitation, Joan finally picked up her phone and dialed his number. 
“Hello?” 
Larry’s voice sounded clear over the phone. It was a voice she hadn’t heard in a while, yet there was still the sense of familiarity. 
“Hi, when will you be back?” she asked, slightly embarrassed that she had followed through with the call. 
“I won’t be going back tonight,” he replied, with nary a trace of emotion in his voice. 
Why does he still sound so cold? Why must he continue to be this cruel? Joan had already taken the initiative to call and make peace with him. She could not fathom why that was not enough to appease him. Shouldn’t he be happy that I called him? Why does he still sound so angry and gloomy? A flood of thoughts and emotions made Joan feel even worse than before. 
“Is there anything else? If there isn’t, I’ll be hanging up now. There’s still work to do,” Larry replied curtly. 
It had become clear to Joan that he still was not in the mood to talk to her. The feeling of helplessness overwhelmed her to the point that she let out a deep sigh. 
“No, there isn’t. Carry on with your work,” she said and hung up.
Hang on. Why is he even angry in the first place? Shouldn’t I be angry instead? There was such an outcry when news broke of the relationship between him and Jessica. I’m the victim here! So what’s the problem with him now? 
Joan became increasingly frustrated the more she thought about it. Rather than continuing to worry herself sick, she decided it was time to get some sleep. 
The next morning, sunlight shone through the windows, filling the room with warmth. Joan stirred from her sleep and began feeling around the other side of the bed. She once again sighed in disappointment when all she felt was emptiness.
###Chapter 2307
Chapter 2307 
True to his word, Larry did not come home the previous night. Joan slowly opened her eyes and stretched lazily. 
In the beginning, she was upset that Larry had not come home, but soon she had other ideas in mind. One of those ideas was to visit him at his office. 
Perhaps I could send him breakfast? 
She liked the idea so much that she decided to roll with it. She sprang out of bed and got changed. 
“Ms. Young, I’ll be going to the Norton Corporation office today!” Joan shouted as she made her way downstairs. 
Delilah showed a satisfied smile upon hearing Joan. 
Silly girl. She should have done this a long time ago. 
“Okay, let me know what you’d like to eat and I’ll make it,” she replied happily. 
“Oh, no, I don’t want to trouble you, Ms. Young. I’ll do the cooking myself. You just sit back and relax!” 
Preparing a homemade breakfast for Larry? That’s what I call sincerity! Delilah was overcome with excitement; her grin became even wider. 
Even while Joan was preparing the food, she could not help but think back to her call with Larry. She convinced herself that his lackluster reaction was most likely due to him being exhausted. Yes, that must be it.
Before long, Joan had prepared a delightful spread of food. There were fried eggs, bread, milk, and fruits. Not only did they look good, but they also tasted delicious. 
“Wow, Mom! You’re amazing! There’s so much good food today!” Lucius squealed in excitement as soon as he saw the mouth-watering breakfast spread. 
“This is for your dad. Your breakfast is over there,” Joan said as she pointed to a small plate of food on the table. 
Lucius pouted at this. “Aren’t you being unfair, Mom? I’m a growing boy, you know?” 
Delilah quickly blinked at Lucius. Thankfully, the boy caught on to her hint almost immediately. 
“But if the breakfast is for Dad, you should leave now, Mom. Otherwise, he won’t have time to eat.” 
Joan was touched by how considerate her son had become. 
After bidding goodbye to Lucius and Delilah, Joan quickly made her way out. Her smile was still plastered on her face. 
Joan was at the point in her life where nothing else mattered more than her family. Whenever she ran into trouble during her travels, the first thing that came to her mind was always Larry. It was not that she wanted him to fly over to protect her, but she was afraid she might never see him again. 
When Joan finally arrived at the Norton Corporation office, she saw Caspian from afar and made a beeline for him. “Hey Caspian, is Larry in his office?” 
“He is, but he isn’t in a good mood. I think it’d be best if you don’t disturb him now.” Caspian then walked away.
Joan knew Larry had been in a foul mood. But does he have to be grumpy for so long? The more she wondered about it, the more worried she became. 
Larry was flipping through his documents on the sofa when Joan slipped into the room. He was so engrossed in his work that he did not even realize her presence until she spoke. 
“Larry, I’ve brought you breakfast. Would you like to have some?” 
“No. I’m busy. You can leave now.” 
The outright rejection from Larry stunned Joan. He’s chasing me away? Is he okay? Or is he sick? Joan strode toward him and felt for the temperature on his forehead before comparing it with hers. Everything felt normal, so she knew he hadn’t come down with a fever. 
“What are you doing?” Larry barked and brushed her hand away in frustration. 
“Larry, what’s with you? Are you okay? Or are you feeling unwell?” Joan asked worriedly. 
“It’s none of your business! Get lost!” 
Joan’s heart sank right there and then. That was the first time that Larry was so angry at her. It was also the first time he had shown her so much contempt. She could not understand why he had to be so rude to her when all she did was bring him breakfast. 
“Fine. Don’t forget to eat your breakfast,” she said as she prepared to leave. 
“Take it away. I’m not eating.” 
Joan’s heart sank even deeper into the abyss at his cold, harsh words. 
What on earth has upset him this much? Or rather, why is he treating me like so?
“Hi, Mr. Norton!” Jessica greeted as she came running into the room, also with breakfast for Larry. 
Jessica was a little taken aback when she saw Joan but still had the courtesy to place her food aside as she offered a smile.
###Chapter 2308
Chapter 2308 
“I’ll leave your breakfast here, Mr. Norton. I’ve got something on, so I’ll leave first.” 
Before Jessica could make her exit, Larry suddenly shouted, “Wait, bring the food over! You can feed me.” 
Wait, what? Is he out of his mind? What is he up to? Jessica was in total shock at Larry’s outrageous request. When she turned to look at Joan, she felt a flush of embarrassment. 
“I still have work to do, Mr. Norton. Since Joan is here, she can feed you!” 
“Get over here, Jessica!” Larry bellowed. 
Jessica had no choice but to do as instructed. After all, she was in no position to offend the person who could heavily impact the future of her life and career. 
“I’ll just go over for a bit, Joan,” Jessica said sheepishly as she took the breakfast to Larry. 
Just like that, an awkward silence filled the air. Joan froze in her spot, not knowing what to do. 
Standing beside Larry, Jessica leaned in and whispered, “What are you trying to do, Larry? Your wife is here, for goodness’ sake!” 
All of a sudden, Larry grabbed her by her neck and pulled her forward. 
“Do what I tell you to and quit yammering,” he replied with a glint of mischief in his eyes. 
Jessica felt a cold chill down her spine and shuddered. 
What is this man up to?
Never mind. I guess I’ll just play along. Nothing is going on between us anyway. 
“Feed me!” he once again ordered. 
Jessica looked at the breakfast she had brought and then at Joan’s. She then sensibly pushed hers aside and picked up Joan’s food. 
“Wow! There’s fried eggs, sandwiches, and even milk! Look how thoughtful Joan is!” she exclaimed as she turned to smile at Joan. 
For some reason, Jessica’s smile made Joan feel a lot more at ease. 
She knew Jessica wasn’t gloating and that the smile was genuine. After all, women know women best. Even though she couldn’t explain it, Joan knew Jessica was being considerate of her feelings. 
“What would you like to eat first?” 
“The eggs,” Larry replied. 
Jessica started to slowly feed him mouth after mouth of the egg Joan had so lovingly prepared. As she watched on, Joan became increasingly frustrated. 
“Seriously, can’t you be more careful? You’ve got food all over your mouth. Here, let me wipe it,” Jessica said as she dabbed at Larry’s mouth with a napkin. 
That was an instinctive reaction on Jessica’s part; she had not done so to irk Joan. Larry, however, was the one who deliberately left some ketchup stain on his mouth for Jessica to clean off. 
Regardless of their intentions, Joan could no longer put up with the intimacy unfolding between them.
You’ve crossed the line, Larry! What have I done to make you treat me with so much disdain? Her eyes welled up with tears as she walked out in a huff. 
“Joan, wait… “ 
Before Caspian could finish his sentence, Joan had already run away. 
Inside Larry’s office, Larry and Jessica carried on like nothing had happened. Larry was still typing away as Jessica fed him. 
“All right, that’s enough. I’m full,” he suddenly said. 
How can he be full from just this little bit of food? That’s not right. And is he getting rid of me after using me? Just wait and see. I’m not going to let him off that easily. 
“But this breakfast looks so good, Larry! Come on, have a bit more!” Jessica said as she shoved a sandwich into his mouth. 
“Hey! What the hell are you doing? I’m busy. Stop playing!” 
“I’m playing? You started this first! Now that you’ve pissed off your wife, she’s going to think I’ve come between your relationship!” Jessica yelled angrily at him. 
Getting Joan riled up had been Larry’s intention all along. It was his way of getting back at her for being so close with Caiden and Dustin. After all, no man could tolerate his wife being intimate with other men. His actions were cruel, no doubt, but he just wanted her to have a taste of her own medicine.
###Chapter 2309
Chapter 2309 
“What’s the matter, though? What happened between the two of you?” Jessica asked out of concern. 
In the past, when Jessica relentlessly wooed Larry, fights between him and Joan were not uncommon. However, Jessica was now over Larry. Shouldn’t the two of them have made up? 
“It’s nothing. Why is a girl like you so nosy anyway?” 
Jessica took offense at his remark and stood up in a huff. 
“Excuse me, Larry. I’m no longer a girl! Look at me. I’m a woman! A mature, smart, and beautiful woman!” 
Upon hearing her, Larry couldn’t control himself and spat out his sandwich. 
A coughing fit ensued as he choked on some remnants of his food. 
“Must you overreact?” she scolded. 
Unbeknownst to them, Caspian had been observing them from outside the office. He felt a twinge of disappointment when he saw the interaction between them. 
Recently, Jessica had been treating him unusually well and Caspian thought he might finally have a chance with her. But after what he had just seen, he started to have second thoughts. 
“Stop playing. I’m busy! Hurry and clean this up,” Larry hollered in displeasure. 
“Fine. I was just kidding, all right? You don’t have to be so petty.”
Larry shook his head as he stared at her. Jessica was good in many ways, but she could be so wilful at times. 
But since he had accepted her as his godsister, he was willing to overlook it. 
“Caspian? What are you standing there for? Come in, come in! There’s breakfast here. Would you like to have some?” Jessica beckoned for Caspian to enter the office once she saw him lurking outside. 
Busted. Caspian was overcome with embarrassment in that instance. He did not want to go in but it would be rude if he were to walk away. After a few seconds of contemplation, he finally went in reluctantly. 
“Larry, Joan has left,” Caspian said hesitantly. 
Larry only hummed in response. 
His apathetic reaction only made Caspian wonder if he had completely given up on Joan. 
A coy smile tugged at Jessica’s lips when she saw Caspian’s pained expression. 
“Why are you so nervous, Caspian? Don’t worry about Larry. Here, have some breakfast. I bought it,” Jessica said as she threw the breakfast set over to Caspian. 
Caspian stared at the food in his hands. Should I have this? Is it such a good idea? 
Caspian’s biggest fret was Larry’s intention toward Jessica. Will he really ditch Joan for Jessica? The more he thought about it, the more uneasy he felt. 
“What’s the matter?” Jessica walked closer to him. 
“It’s nothing.”
“Jessica, why don’t you go out first? I need to speak with Caspian,” Larry suddenly said. 
She frowned slightly as she looked at the two men. Even though Jessica felt snubbed, she still did as instructed and left the office. 
“Go ahead. What’s on your mind?” Larry asked without even looking up at Caspian. 
“I think Joan was crying when she left.” 
Larry’s stopped what he was doing. His gaze darkened. 
So, she was sad? 
“Larry, I think you’d better go check on Joan.” 
Larry silently agreed with Caspian. But now isn’t the time yet. 
As long as the issue with Caiden was left unsettled, how could Larry put aside his ego and apologize to Joan for his behavior just then? 
“I got it. You may leave now,” Larry finally replied. 
Caspian looked like he had something to say. After much hesitation, however, he remained silent. 
Larry noticed how uneasy Caspian was and walked up to him with a smile. 
“I’m sure you have questions about Jessica, right? It’s okay. Go ahead and ask,” Larry said reassuringly, patting Caspian’s shoulder. 
Although not surprised, Caspian was still impressed at how Larry could always pick up on such subtle changes in emotions.
“So, Larry, will you and Joan be getting a divorce?”
###Chapter 2310
Chapter 2310 
Caspian knew how ridiculous his question was but he had to hear it from the man himself. As long as Larry stayed with Joan, Jessica would have to stand down, which would allow Caspian to woo her. 
“I think what you’re trying to ask is if I’ll be with Jessica in the future?” Larry clarified Caspian’s question. 
After some hesitation, Caspian admitted it. 
“Don’t worry. First, I’ll never divorce Joan. Second, there’s no way I can ever be with Jessica. Are you satisfied with that?” 
Without a doubt, Caspian was more than satisfied with Larry’s answer. Gone was the anxiety he felt earlier; he was exuberant again. 
Knowing Larry was a man of his word, he felt even more hopeful about his future with Jessica. 
“Happy now?” Larry asked. 
“Happy.” 
“Very happy?” 
“Very happy.” 
“Then why aren’t you going back to work? Do you want to work overtime?” Larry suddenly yelled. 
“Oh, right! Sorry, Larry. I’ll go back to work now!” Caspian muttered as he ran out of the office.
Larry smiled after Caspian’s retreating figure. What a big goof. Why did he even think I’d snatch the woman he loves? His smile was soon wiped away as other thoughts came into his mind. 
I wonder what Joan’s doing now. Have I gone too far earlier? He felt more guilty the longer he thought about it. He only wished Joan could be more aware of keeping her distance from those problematic men. If she had, neither of them would be suffering now. 
The park was bathed in warmth and joy as people went about their activities. A group of elderly people was enjoying a yoga session while children were running around, playing with their pets. Everything seemed so heartwarming and peaceful; the only fly in the ointment was Joan. She was seated on a bench in a corner of the park, quietly sobbing away. 
“Miss, are you okay? Why are you sad?” asked an elderly woman as she went up to Joan. 
“Oh, it’s nothing.” Joan hurriedly wiped her tears away and tried to regain her composure. 
“Did you argue with your husband?” the elderly woman added as she sat herself down beside Joan. 
Joan had always doubted the saying that people were more perceptive as they got older. But from the looks of it, there was indeed truth to that. 
“How could you tell, Madam?” 
“Most of the time, people cry because they feel emotional. While there are many emotions, I’m pretty sure yours has to do with love. So that’s how I concluded that you might have fought with your husband,” the elderly woman replied with a kind smile. 
Joan was filled with admiration for the woman seated beside her. 
“But don’t you worry. The two of you will make up soon enough. Men can be so rash at times, so don’t panic. Everything will be fine once this blows over.”
As the elderly woman left, Joan called out, “Thank you, Madam! Have a nice day!” 
It had not been a long conversation but the woman’s words had struck a chord with Joan, whose mood brightened considerably. 
She was still thinking about those wise words when her phone rang. Upon seeing the caller’s name, Joan immediately answered. 
“Joan? Where are you?” Nancy asked anxiously. 
“What’s the matter? I’m outside.” 
“No, what I meant was, are you still overseas?” 
“Oh, don’t worry. I’m already back.” 
That was the best news Nancy could ask for and she immediately let out a sigh of relief. 
Larry had only just stepped into the house when he saw Delilah and greeted her. 
“Oh! You’re home!” Delilah replied with a smile. 
“Dad, I’ve missed you so much!” Lucius lept into Larry’s arms and started planting kisses all over his face. 
Even though he was happy to see Lucius and Delilah, Larry still could not shake the feeling of disappointment when the face he most wanted to see wasn’t there. 
Where could Joan be?
###Chapter 2311
Chapter 2311 
“What’s the matter? Are you looking for Joan?” Delilah quipped. 
Larry had to give it to Delilah for having such an acute sense and immediately guessing his thoughts. He was even more worried as he checked his watch. It’s already so late. Why isn’t she back yet? 
Did what happened at the office earlier upset her? She wouldn’t do anything stupid, would she? 
Larry knew women tended to be more sensitive and emotional. But at the same time, the Joan he knew had always been strong. 
Regardless, he could not stop worrying about Joan. After all, she was just a woman – and one that he cared much for, too. That’s it. I’m going to look for her. 
“Ms. Young, I’m heading out for a bit. I’ll be back soon!” 
Larry had barely stepped out of the house when he almost ran into Joan. And there, standing behind her, was Dustin. 
Why are they together? Did she go straight to him right after what happened this morning? Furious, Larry clenched his fists tightly. 
He could not understand why Dustin always seemed to appear whenever she was hurt. Had she been neglected so much by him that she could only look to Dustin for comfort? 
Joan hardly greeted him. She walked straight into the house. 
She wasn’t magnanimous enough to forgive him that soon, especially not after his brazen act at the office.
Larry continued to fix a steely gaze at Dustin. 
“Come on in, Dustin,” Joan said. 
She’s now openly inviting other men into our house? What is she trying to do? Is she going to make him a meal? Isn’t this more outrageous than what I’ve done? 
“Oh, Dustin, you’re finally here! How efficient of you, Joan! Come in, Dustin. I’ve prepared so many dishes for you,” Delilah said cheerily. 
What’s going on? Why is Ms. Young also being so nice to Dustin? Just what is so special about Dustin that he has both women under his spell? 
Lucius came bouncing out when he heard Dustin and hugged him. “Mr. Dustin, you’re here! Grandma made barbecue pork ribs just for you!” 
Larry was even more confused now. He thought only the women were smitten with Dustin, but as it turned out, so was Lucius. Can’t they tell that I’m Joan’s husband and Lucius’ father? Larry’s heart sank upon seeing the scene in front of him. 
“Larry, what are you standing there for? Come eat!” Delilah shouted, bringing Larry out of his daze. 
Joan’s gaze was shifty but she remained silent and continued to bring out the dishes. The eagle-eyed Dustin had already felt the tension in the air when he came into the house. After seeing Joan’s reaction, he was all the more convinced that she and Larry had yet to make up. 
“Dad, come! I saved you a seat!” Lucius exclaimed in excitement as he patted the chair next to him. 
Larry wanted to join them but Dustin’s presence and Joan’s indifference toward him had caused him to lose his appetite. Nevertheless, he tried to be polite as he walked up to them and smiled.
“Why don’t you start without me; I still have work to do back at the office.” With that, Larry turned and left. 
Seeing her husband’s retreating figure, Joan couldn’t help but feel a slight twinge of disappointment. 
It did occur to her that he might be unhappy because of Dustin. But Delilah was the one who told me to invite Dustin over! Shouldn’t he have gotten the facts before jumping to conclusions? Joan was so overwhelmed by rage that she could only sit and pout in silence. 
“Grandma, Mom, what’s wrong with Dad?” Lucius suddenly asked. 
The boy sounded so depressed and confused that Delilah’s heart ached for him. What else could it be, Lucius? Your father’s jealous. That’s what’s wrong. 
“Don’t worry about your father, Lucius. He has just been very busy with work. Come on, eat more. You have to grow big and strong, remember?” 
She was tired of using the same old excuse of Larry being busy with work, but other than that, what else could she say? 
“Why is Dad always so busy? He hasn’t sat down to eat with me for very, very long now,” Lucius grumbled. 
Joan knew this was not what a young child should have to endure. The guilt and hurt she felt became almost too much to bear.
###Chapter 2312
Chapter 2312 
Nevertheless, she tried to coax her son. “It’s okay, Lucius. Next time we’ll tell Dad in advance so he can make the necessary arrangements.” 
“Your dad isn’t here but I’m here! Or do you not like me anymore, Lucius?” Dustin quipped. 
“What? There’s no such thing! You’re the best, Mr. Dustin!” 
Lucius used to think that Dustin might come in between his parents and destroy his family. But over time, he realized Dustin was not as bad as he thought. After more interaction, he gradually began to like Dustin and eventually accepted him. 
“Here, Dustin, eat more. I’m very grateful to you for rushing over in time when Lucius fell sick. Thanks to you, he’s now back to his active, healthy self. Here, try my special barbecue pork ribs!” Delilah cooed. 
The truth was Lucius had fallen seriously ill during the time Joan was overseas. At the time, Larry also did not come home. Thankfully, Dustin happened to drop by to visit Delilah so he promptly sent Lucius to the hospital. To show her gratitude, Delilah had always meant to invite him for a meal. It just so happened that Joan bumped into him on her way home. Once Delilah got wind of it, she immediately had Joan bring him over. 
“Ms. Young, you’re too kind! I was only doing my part. Feel free to let me know if there’s anything I can help with in the future!” Dustin proclaimed while tapping his chest confidently. 
Delilah’s lips curled into a satisfied smile. What a dependable man! If Joan were still single, they’d have made such a good couple. Dustin’s handsome and capable while Joan’s gentle and beautiful, but…
Before her thoughts could stray any further, Delilah shook her head to clear her mind. Am I getting old and senile? How can I harbor such thoughts? Larry and Joan are perfectly happy together! 
The four of them continued with their meal, chatting and laughing as they ate. Before long, all the tension and awkwardness from before had dissipated. Joan, however, still couldn’t stop thinking about Larry. 
Has he eaten? Is he really back at his office? Once the thoughts started flooding back, Joan gradually got lost in them. 
“Mom, may I get more food?” Lucius asked. 
However, Joan was so distracted by her own thoughts that she failed to hear Lucius at all. Dustin and Delilah could only look on in embarrassment. 
“Mom!” Lucius shouted out of the blue to get his mother’s attention. 
“What? What’s happening? Are you done eating? I’ll clear the table then.” 
Back at Norton Corporation, Larry and Jessica were both in his office. “Hey, Larry, have you heard? The Lane Group is holding an event,” Jessica asked. 
Being newly established, the Lane Group needed to establish proper business footing. As such, the company decided to hold a large-scale event to socialize with all the prominent business figures. As an up-and-coming new player in its field, many business leaders could not let this opportunity slip. 
“Yes, I’ve heard,” Larry replied nonchalantly. 
He never liked attending such events but for the sake of maintaining relationships with other companies, he had no choice but to go with it.
“They’ve also requested attendees to bring a plus one. So, have you told Joan?” 
What can I tell her? Given the way she is now, why would she even care about me? Larry felt the start of another headache as he thought about her. He did not know what was going on in Joan’s mind and why could she not keep her distance from other men. 
Judging by the awkward silence that hung in the air, Jessica realized that something must have gone wrong between Larry and Joan, so she decided not to probe any further. 
She knew there was no need for her to worry about him. It was his personal affairs, after all, and he would know how best to handle them. As she turned to look out of the window, she couldn’t help but feel a little bored. And at that moment, Caspian was out and about, working hard. Ever since his discharge from hospital, he had been extra motivated every day to the point where even Larry was impressed by him. 
“How are things between you and Caspian?” Larry suddenly asked. 
“Nothing much. Why do you ask?” 
Jessica eyed Larry suspiciously. Why is he suddenly bringing this up?
###Chapter 2313
Chapter 2313 
Larry only brought up the question because he had every intention to let Jessica be his plus one at the event. 
“Hey, Larry, don’t you think it’s time you make peace with Joan?” 
Peace? What peace? That woman hasn’t given me any peace lately! 
“That’s not for you to worry about. That reminds me, how are things with the library?” Larry replied curtly, changing the subject. 
Jessica knew better than anyone else that this wasn’t an easy task. It was complicated and laborious, and if it weren’t for the constant support of the people around her, she would have given up on the undertaking a long time ago. 
“It’s still in the planning stage and it’s driving me crazy.” 
A public library would have been easier to plan and manage. After doing her research, Jessica found out that there was only one major public library in the entire city. It was crowded every day, especially during holidays when students would come to study. That was why she wanted to start a private library in the name of the Zimmer family. Of course, that would require a lot more investment and effort. 
Fortunately for Jessica, she did not have to worry much when it came to the finances. Her parents had left her a considerable amount of money when they passed away and Larry helped recover all the debts owed to the Zimmer family. With Larry’s support, Jessica just needed to be patient and see this project through. 
Everyone at the Lane Group was busy with their respective duties to get the event ready to go.
“Have you contacted everyone?” 
“Yes, almost all of them.” 
“Don’t forget about Caiden from the Owens family! He has to be present!” 
Upon hearing that, the butler who was in charge of inviting all the prominent figures froze. 
Caiden Owens? Didn’t he leave the country? Or has he returned recently? The butler immediately flipped through the address book in his hand and looked up the number to the Owens family. 
“Hello, is this Mr. Caiden Owens?” 
Caiden was confused. What? This voice doesn’t sound familiar. Who the hell has given my number away to strangers? 
“What is it?” Caiden answered curtly. 
He was not at all enthused to have to answer such an unexpected call. 
“Mr. Owens, the Lane Group will be organizing a large and exciting event, and we would love to invite you to attend.” 
Caiden closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He really hated these boring social events. 
“Sorry, I’m busy. I won’t have time for it.” 
Just as Caiden was about to hang up the phone, the butler interrupted, “Please wait a minute, Mr. Owens. We would sincerely like you and your partner to attend our event.” 
There was a sparkle in Caiden’s eyes when he heard that.
I get to bring someone? Maybe this isn’t such a bad idea. As he thought about it, the grin on his face grew wider. 
“All right, I got it. Just send me the invitation.” Before the butler could reply, Caiden had already ended the call. 
The wheels in his head had started to turn. He knew this would be a brilliant opportunity, one that he couldn’t let slip. 
Joan, you won’t be able to escape this time. 
Joan’s voice rang loud and clear from the living room. “What did you say? What event? I’m not going.” 
Is Caiden mad? He’s going to an event and he wants to bring me as his plus one? 
“Come on, Joan. Go with me. You don’t have anything to do anyway,” Caiden pleaded. 
I have nothing to do? Contrary to Caiden’s statement, Joan was a busy woman. When she was not helping Delilah in the garden, she would be assisting at the supermarket. At home, she also had Lucius keeping her busy that she barely had time to rest. Spoken like an unmarried person who doesn’t know how busy married life can get. 
“I don’t care. You have to go with me. That’s settled then.” Upon saying that, Caiden hung up the phone. 
What rubbish is this? I never agreed to anything! How dare this idiot be so presumptuous! 
After calming herself down, Joan once again thought about Larry. If it were a big event, wouldn’t he be there, too? If he isn’t asking me along, does that mean he already has someone else in mind? 
“What’s up? What are you thinking about?” Delilah asked as she sauntered into the living room.
###Chapter 2314
Chapter 2314 
“What? Oh, it’s nothing. Ms. Young, you’re back,” Joan answered. 
“Yeah. I feel a bit tired today, so I came back early.” Delilah put down her things on the chair. “How are you and Larry lately? Have you two reconciled?” 
He’s been angry with me for quite a long time. 
Joan sighed at the thought and replied, “No. I’ll wait for some time first. After he has calmed down, I’ll try to talk it out with him.” 
What a silly girl. By the time he is no longer upset, he will be long gone. 
Delilah shook her head. “You’re such an overthinker, Joan. You can talk to him directly. Men shouldn’t be too petty. As long as you explain the situation to him nicely, I’m sure he will understand. But if you keep dragging it on, problems will come sooner or later.” 
Young people are often told to learn from the older generations, who have experiential knowledge of just about every problem a person might encounter. Therefore, Delilah’s sage advice should serve as a guide for Joan. 
However, Joan brushed it aside as she cared more about how Larry would feel; she did not want to infuriate him for the time being. Little did she know that doing so actually enraged him even more. 
Suddenly, Lucius came to them and interrupted their conversation. “Grandma, look. I’ve got a hibiscus today.” 
Thus, the topic was dropped.
Meanwhile, in Larry’s office, Jessica slumped onto the couch and grumbled, “No, wait. What happened? Are you sure, Larry? Your partner should be Joan, not me. I want to bring along my own date.” 
In fact, she was planning to bring Caspian to the event for him to learn a thing or two, but now Larry had messed up her plan. 
Larry had actually come to this decision only after a long moment of hesitation. Besides, he had informed Caspian about it as well. 
“Caspian is not going. I don’t think you can find anyone else other than me, so you will be going with me.” Larry challenged her. 
What? Who said so? Did he coax Caspian into not going to the banquet? How could he do that? He’s so mean! Previously, he was the one who encouraged me to be Caspian’s girlfriend, but now he is trying to break us up? It’s despicable to ruin other people’s relationships! 
With such thought in mind, Jessica deliberately said, “Who said I couldn’t find a date? Anyway, I won’t be going with you. You should find Joan.” 
His face fell at once. It reminded him that he had not been home for several days and did not even make a single call back home since he left. 
“Jessica, you should know that there are things that can and cannot be said in front of me,” he growled, venting his frustration on her. 
She shuddered in fear upon hearing his warning. 
Larry is terrifying when he’s angry!
Although women are generally more quick-tempered than men, when men become angry, they are even scarier than the most furious of women. 
What happened between Larry and Joan? Why did Caspian not help them moderate their relationship? 
Sighing, Jessica relented and agreed to go with Larry. 
When night fell, Larry went to the banquet with Jessica as his partner while Caiden stood outside the supermarket where Joan worked, waiting for her to clock out. 
“Hey, Joan. What’s going on? Who is that guy?” 
“He’s been waiting here for several hours. Is he here for you?” 
“Yes, he’s here for you. I went out just now and chatted with him for a bit.” 
Joan’s colleagues bombarded her with questions; she could only smile awkwardly. She had no idea how to explain the situation to them. Even she herself did not expect to see him waiting at the supermarket entrance so blatantly. 
While she suffered from embarrassment inside the supermarket, Caiden felt rather happy to stand there and watch her work. 
Looking at the man at the entrance, Joan responded to her colleagues without any hesitation, “I don’t know who he is.” 
Their eyebrows shot up in surprise and they went back to their work quietly. 
Meanwhile, Dustin, who was also outside the supermarket, scowled at Caiden. Although Caiden had long attracted Dustin’s attention, up until now, the latter had not made a move because he wanted to see what Caiden was up to.
Suddenly, Caiden approached him and said, “Hey, Dustin, are you not going to the Lane Group event tonight? A lot of people are invited. Given your status here, you should have received an invitation letter as well, haven’t you?”
###Chapter 2315
Chapter 2315 
Indeed, Dustin was invited but he did not intend to join. 
He looked at Caiden and replied, “I’m not interested.” 
The reason was that he did not have a plus one. Joan was Larry’s wife, so she would certainly be his partner to the banquet. Besides Joan, he did not want to bring any other woman to such an occasion. 
Hearing his reply, Caiden smiled wickedly. “I see. I should thank you then, for giving me the chance to bring Joan to the banquet as my partner.” 
What did he mean by that? There’s no way Joan would agree to that. Dustin sized up the man in front of him, baffled. 
Soon, it was time for Joan to clock off. As her colleagues were getting ready to go home, she sat in the break room, looking grim. 
“Hey, what’s wrong? Are you feeling unwell?” 
“You don’t look too well, Joan.” 
The colleagues around her came over to her when they realized she was looking sick. 
“I’m okay. I just need to get some rest.” Joan smiled weakly. 
She was not sick; she just did not want to go out at the moment when her colleagues were still here. 
Gradually, all of them went home and Joan was the only one left. After looking at the time on her watch, she finally mustered up her courage and walked out.
She still needed to go back home and prepare dinner. Ms. Young has been busy with gardening recently and Lucius is about to get back home. I need to hurry up and go home to cook. 
As she stepped out of the supermarket, Dustin came over and offered, “Joan, do you need a ride home?” 
“No, thank you. I’m okay,” she declined right away and walked past him. 
The banquet should have started already. Has Caiden left? As she continued on the path, she looked around and saw no one. 
Okay. I can finally go back in peace. 
Little did she know that he was still there, sitting on a bench at the side. It was getting dark and that was why she did not see him. Furthermore, she did not know that the event had been delayed because Caiden was not there yet. 
“Joan, let’s go.” A familiar voice came from her back all of a sudden. 
Crap. Here he is. 
She closed her eyes and took a deep breath before turning around to face him. 
“Oh, you’re still here.” She smiled awkwardly. 
“Of course I’m not going anywhere until you come out and attend the banquet with me,” he said, shrugging nonchalantly. 
D*mn it! Is he for real? This guy won’t give up until I go with him, will he? Joan took a few steps back instinctively and was about to run away when he stepped forward and grabbed her wrist tightly.
“Listen to me when I’m talking, okay? Where are you running off to? We should get going. They’re waiting for us.” He tugged her forward and dragged her to the car. 
Then, he brought her to get a gown, a pair of heels, and a makeover. Everything on her was new. 
After they were done, she looked like a whole new person, attracting admiring glances wherever she passed. 
Soon, the car came to a stop in front of Lane’s Hotel. 
“Are you ready? Shall we go?” A smiling Caiden gave her his hand. 
She ignored his gesture and looked away, feeling irritated. In the next moment, he took her hand forcefully and went out of the car. 
“Wow! Is that Mr. Owens? He is so handsome!” 
“Yeah. That’s Caiden Owens. I heard that he was studying abroad for the last few years.” 
“Who is that woman beside him? Why does she look so familiar?” 
“Hey, isn’t that the wife of Mr. Norton?” 
In an instant, all the reporters surrounded them and snapped countless photos of the two. As they walked through the crowd, the flickering of the flashlights made Joan’s eyes uncomfortable so Caiden thoughtfully used his arm to block the glare. 
“Mr. Owens, we heard that you have just come back recently. How was your life abroad?”
###Chapter 2316
Chapter 2316 
“Yeah. I see that you’ve done plenty of research as well.” 
As the reporters continued to question Caiden, Larry and Jessica heard the ruckus and came to watch from the side. “What’s going on?” Jessica asked, staring at the entrance in shock. 
Larry had a murderous look in his eyes. D*mn it! Why is she here with him? 
Seeing the livid expression on his face, Jessica felt scared and backed away subconsciously. 
She knew Larry too well. He never liked anyone taking away his possessions, especially his woman. 
Sh*t! Is he going to make a scene? She turned fearful. 
“Is she your girlfriend?” 
“Your girlfriend is so beautiful!” 
A few reporters suddenly chimed in, and everyone in the room froze. 
All the people who lived in this city knew that the woman beside Caiden was Larry’s wife. Needless to say, these journalists were hired by Caiden to say those remarks on purpose. 
“You must have mistaken me. I’m not his girlfriend,” Joan responded immediately. 
“Yeah. Even though we’re not a couple now, it doesn’t mean that we won’t be in a relationship in the future,” Caiden added. 
What the hell? His statement had Joan’s eyes narrowed in displeasure.
“Please excuse us. My partner is hungry; I’ll have to take her to have some food first.” He then grabbed her hand and headed away. 
The crowd gradually dispersed with the departure of Caiden but gossips about both of them started to spread in the banquet hall. 
“Is she not Larry Norton’s wife? Why is she here with Caiden Owens instead?” 
“I don’t know. Look, even Larry Norton has another woman beside him.” 
“Yeah. What happened between them?” 
“Are they divorced?” 
It was not only the women who were tittle-tattling about Larry and Joan, but the men who normally did not pay much attention to rumors also started to chat about it. 
“Larry, you need to go to your wife now. Don’t let her get taken away by somebody else,” Jessica prompted. 
But Larry refused to move. He glanced around and took no notice of her words. 
It was a lively banquet. As time went on, the crowd got denser and things started to get rowdy. Nevertheless, everyone seemed excited to be there. Many young women were observing eligible bachelors in the hope of finding potential partners, but the men here were focused mainly on business opportunities rather than romantic attachments. 
Jessica nudged Larry with her elbow, snapping him out of his trance. “Hey, are you really not going to find her?”
But before she could say more, Larry wrapped his arm around her waist abruptly and went toward Joan and Caiden. 
When he saw both of them looking over, he hugged Jessica’s waist even tighter and smiled. “What a coincidence.” 
Joan was at a loss of words. Looking at her husband in front of her, she did not know how to explain why she was here with Caiden. 
But, how about him? Why is Jessica with him? Joan eyed Jessica suspiciously. 
I thought that Larry would not come tonight because he has never asked me to accompany him to this event. But here he is, standing right in front of me with another woman in his arm. How ironic! We’re a married couple but we’re not each other’s partner here at this event. This must have made us the laughing stock tonight. 
“Mr. Norton, may I offer you a toast?” Caiden took a glass of wine and handed it to Larry. 
Larry looked at him and hesitated for a while before taking it over ultimately and took a sip. “Mr. Owens, what do you think of my wife?” 
His question stunned all of them, especially Jessica. 
What kind of question is that? She is his own wife! Why did he ask Caiden such a weird question?
###Chapter 2317
Chapter 2317 
“Pretty good. I like her a lot,” Caiden answered, putting his arm around her shoulder deliberately. 
“Uh-huh. I think she’s good, too. After all, I am the one who has spent more time with her compared to you.” Larry took a sip of wine, as cool as a cucumber. 
What is he trying to say? Joan looked at him frostily as a wave of sadness swept through her. 
“Hey, Mr. Owens. I have something to ask you. May I have a word with you?” Jessica cut them off before they could continue the conversation about Joan and tried to pull Caiden away. 
But Caiden did not care about Jessica at all and rejected her immediately. “What’s the matter? We can talk here.” 
Ugh, why is this man so tactless? Can’t he see that there is something wrong between Joan and Larry? Or did he do that on purpose? 
“It’d be better to talk elsewhere,” Jessica insisted. 
“There’s no need for that. We can chat here. If not, you can ask Larry instead. He is the all-knowing boss of Norton Corporation; I believe he can help you with anything you have in mind. Besides, how could I leave my lovely partner here and walk away with you?” Caiden smiled smugly and stroked Joan’s hair. 
As soon as she felt his hand on her, she ducked her head swiftly and kept a distance away from him. 
Caiden merely smiled in response and continued to provoke Larry. “Why, Mr. Norton? Are you not happy with your partner? I see you keep staring at my partner.”
That son of a b*tch! He did that on purpose! Rage boiled in Jessica as she clenched her fists. 
She understood that as a man, Larry could not do anything to Caiden at the moment. But she was different; she could do many things that a man could not do. 
All of sudden, she ran to Caiden and threw herself on him, momentarily staggering him. 
“Hey! What are you doing? Get away from me! This is inappropriate. Other people might see us.” Caiden darted a glance nervously and tried to push her away from him. 
Yes! This is exactly what I want. I want him to panic and let him have a taste of my power. 
Smirking, Jessica pounded on his chest lightly and acted coquettishly. “Mr. Owens, how could you do this to me?” 
Standing on the side, Larry wanted to laugh at the scene in front of him. He knew Jessica had done it for his sake. 
Struggling to break free of her, Caiden snapped, “Hey, leave me alone! You and I aren’t even close!” 
However, no matter what he did, Jessica clung to him and refused to let him go. As she clutched Caiden’s arm tightly with both of her hands, she used her right leg to kick Larry, motioning him to take Joan away, but Larry did not budge at all. 
What in the world is Larry thinking? Jessica furrowed her brows deeply in displeasure. 
Left with no choice, she finally yelled, “Hey, Larry! Just get her away, will you? Can’t you see that I’m struggling here?” 
Only then did Larry pull Joan out of the banquet hall.
As he dragged her down the corridor, Joan tried to pry his hand away. “Larry, let me go! What are you doing?” 
She was willing to go with him but his tight grip on her wrist was hurting her. 
In spite of her protest, he did not even turn to look at her and dragged her all the way to the restroom. 
Bang! 
As soon as he slammed the door shut, he pinned her against the door and went straight for a kiss. 
He then pried her lips open and shoved his tongue inside, taking her breath away. As he continued to lock her within his arms, he slid his right hand underneath her gown, eagerly caressing every inch of her skin. Finally, when Larry landed his hand on a sensitive part of her body, she sank her teeth onto his lower lip. 
He immediately drew back in pain and glowered at her. Joan took a few deep breaths and tried to calm herself down but to no avail. 
“What the heck do you want from me?” she lashed out. 
Larry let out a scoff. “Caiden must have done to you what I just did just now. Am I right?”
###Chapter 2318
Chapter 2318 
What? Larry suspects me of having something going with Caiden? But I’ve explained it to him before… Caiden saved my life, so what’s with the cold attitude now? Joan was dumbfounded. 
“Are you drunk, Larry? You know what? I’m not about to get into an argument with you right now. I’m going home!” 
As they were both feeling extremely terrible, she decided to walk away. There was no way for them to maintain a proper conversation. 
Larry grabbed her by the wrist and shouted, “Answer me! Did Caiden do the same thing with you?” 
He’s definitely lost his mind! Joan turned around and shot him a stern glare as she retorted, “What the hell do you take me for, Larry?” 
Of course, I take you as my beloved wife, but what did I get in return? Nothing but betrayal! Larry sneered in disdain at the thought of that. 
“Isn’t that what you’ve always been doing? First Dustin, and now Caiden? Oh, I know! It’s because Caiden has a handsome face, an amazing figure, and a great personality, right? More importantly, he’s made a name for himself overseas and comes from a wealthy family…” 
Smack! 
Joan slapped him across the face before he could even finish. 
Her eyes were tearing up, but she forced herself to hold her tears. 
That was the first time Joan had ever hit Larry, as well as the first time she had felt such heartache.
“How does it feel? Does it hurt?” she bellowed at him. 
The man slowly looked up at her with a burning rage in his eyes. 
“I bet it hurts a lot, doesn’t it? Tell you what, that pain is nothing compared to the pain I feel in my heart, Larry! How dare you accuse me of cheating on you when you have no idea what happened! You have any evidence whatsoever either!” Joan shouted at him before storming out of the room, slamming the door shut in the process. 
Things were still as lively as ever at the banquet, and there were smiles on the faces of both adults and children alike. The only exceptions were the two individuals in a corner with ice-cold looks on their faces. 
“Hey, what are you doing? Let go of me!” Caiden shouted, but Jessica wasn’t about to let him go after Joan. 
Jessica was very big on loyalty and had successfully turned her love for Larry into one between siblings. As she saw him as a brother, it was only natural that she became protective of Joan. 
“They’re a married couple, Caiden! You have no right to stop them from having a conversation! Besides, you know Joan is married, so why are you still going after her? Have you no shame?” Jessica scolded him while clinging tightly to his arm. 
My goodness, this woman is surprisingly strong! ”Look, you’d better let go of me if you know what’s good for you!” Caiden threatened her with a cold look in his eyes. 
Heh, what a joke! Sure, threaten me with physical harm when I don’t do as you say! That’s all you men are capable of anyway! I’ve been through much worse situations during my time overseas, so it’s going to take a lot more than that to scare me!
“Or what, huh? Are you going to hit me? Come on, then! Bring it! I don’t mind you hitting me at all! Well, that is, if you can hit me!” she taunted him in response. 
“Hi, Caiden!” Joan came over to greet him all of a sudden. 
Huh? Wait, where’s Larry? What’s going on here? Jessica slowly loosened her grip as she squinted into the distance. 
“Are you okay, Joan? Did he hurt you?” Caiden asked worriedly, eyeing her from head to toe.
###Chapter 2319
Chapter 2319 
“Oh, please… There’s no way he would hurt her! They’re husband and wife, for crying out loud!” Jessica mumbled softly. 
“Come on, I’ll send you home. It’s too dangerous here,” Caiden said, reaching for Joan’s hand. The two left the scene without looking back after that. 
Larry came out of the washroom after quite some time, looking haggard and weary. 
Jessica immediately ran over to him and asked curiously, “Hey, what happened? Where were you? How did your conversation with Joan go?” 
The man simply kept quiet and walked away. 
“Well? Say something, Larry! What’s gotten into you? Pull yourself together!” she shouted, smacking him on the shoulder. 
“Leave me alone. I’m going home…” 
With that, Jessica could only stand and stare at Larry as he slowly disappeared into the distance. 
“Leaving so soon, Joan?” Nancy asked as she suddenly appeared in front of the woman. 
“I know, right? The party has only just begun!” Jory chimed in with a smile. 
Joan had an awkward look on her face as she shifted her gaze between Caiden and the two of them. 
“I’m not feeling well, so I’m going to head home now. You guys enjoy the evening, okay?” She then grabbed Caiden by the arm and ran off before Nancy could respond.
“What happened? Why did she leave in such a hurry?” Nancy grumbled. 
“What do you think happened? She must’ve gotten into a fight with Larry!” Jory replied. 
Joan cried her heart out in the room that night. Lucius had fallen asleep long ago, but Delilah heard her crying when she passed by her door. 
“Open the door, Joan!” Delilah shouted while knocking on the door. 
Joan quickly wiped her tears dry and tried to regain her composure, but the pain was simply too much for her to suppress. 
Delilah continued, “I heard you crying, so don’t bother trying to hide it!” 
She knew Joan was trying to calm herself down before facing her. 
The weeping woman got up and opened the door upon hearing that. 
“What happened? Did you two get into a fight?” 
Larry’s probably the only guy capable of hurting her like this! 
“It’s nothing, Ms. Young. I just had some sand in my eye, that’s all. Why are you still up so late?” Joan replied. 
Who is she trying to fool? Me? Or herself? Delilah simply smiled at her in response and sat beside her on the bed. 
Just like that, the two of them sat there staring at the moon in complete silence. 
Perhaps a few minutes of silence was exactly what Joan needed.
“Are you happy?” Delilah turned around and asked worriedly all of a sudden. 
I’ve witnessed how lovey-dovey and sweet the two of them can be, but I see no trace of happiness on Joan’s face right now. If a married couple finds it difficult to face each other and communicate properly, their marriage has come to an end. Man, life sure is full of surprises… Some couples remain just as sweet after marriage, and some become the complete opposite. Such marriages are proof of how drastically people can change. 
Joan lowered her gaze and replied with a trembling voice, “I don’t know…” 
She wasn’t happy, but she didn’t dare admit to it as she feared that would mark the end of her relationship with Larry. She didn’t want to leave him, but she didn’t know how to face him either.
###Chapter 2320
Chapter 2320 
“Get a divorce, then!” 
Delilah’s voice was as soft as silk when she said that, but her words hit harder than a sledgehammer. Joan looked up at her in shock and disbelief. 
Ms. Young would always play the role of the mediator whenever Larry and I get into fights, so why is she… 
“Why do you look so surprised? You know, I used to enjoy seeing you two being lovey-dovey and sweet. In fact, I believed you two were the best couple I’ve ever seen in my life, but… Things have changed now. You’re not happy, and happiness is the most important thing in life. That holds true regardless of what happens in life, and how old you get. Never forget that, Joan.” 
She’s right… Life is short, so we should live it in a way that makes us happy! After all, what point is there in living if we’re unhappy? 
The warm rays of the morning sun flooded in through the window and filled the room. Joan recalled the conversation from last night as she slowly opened her eyes and stretched lazily in bed. 
“Joan, it’s time for breakfast!” Delilah’s voice came from the dining room. 
Huh? Was it… Was it all a dream? I can’t believe I dreamt of Ms. Young telling me to get a divorce with Larry! Why would I dream of something like that? I must be going crazy! Joan gave herself a slap on the cheek to clear her head before heading out of her room. 
Lucius had gone to school by then, so Delilah and Joan were the only ones in the house. 
“Ms. Young, I had the craziest dream last night,” Joan said while eating breakfast.
Delilah let out a chuckle. “That wasn’t a dream, silly girl! I did indeed tell you to get divorced from Larry! Of course, that’s just a suggestion.” 
“Pfft!” Joan spat out the toast in her mouth upon hearing that. 
So it wasn’t a dream after all! She looked up at Delilah curiously. 
“Are you awake, Joan?” A man’s voice came from outside the door, and the two of them frowned when they recognized who it was. 
“Yes, why?” Joan asked as she went to open the door. 
“Ah, I bought you breakfast! Here you go!” Caiden placed the food on the dining table, but Joan ignored it and carried on eating the breakfast Delilah made her. 
“By the way, I’m sorry about what happened last night. I didn’t think we’d bump into Larry there…” Caiden began as he scratched his head awkwardly. 
“It’s okay. I can’t run from him forever anyway. You can go now. I have some more business to take care of later.” 
Caiden frowned when he heard the dismissal in her voice. 
Did she seriously just tell me to leave like that? Isn’t she at least going to pour me a glass of water or something? 
“What are you going to do? I’ll help you out,” he suggested. 
Help me? As if he hasn’t ‘helped’ me enough as it is?
“Caiden, please… Just stay away from me, okay? I’m sick and tired of all this, so please hurry up and leave,” Joan mumbled as she shoved him out the door. 
Regardless of whether Larry and I end up getting divorced, I want no further business with Caiden… The Owens family is a very powerful one, and Noelle is not someone to be trifled with either. I should stay away from them if I am to live a simple and peaceful life! 
“Hey, Joan! Are you still mad at me? Please don’t be mad at me! I didn’t mean for any of that to happen!” 
Caiden kept knocking on the door, but Joan ignored him and carried on eating her breakfast in silence. 
Delilah let out a helpless sigh at what she saw and left without saying a word. 
“Hey, are you okay?” Jessica asked Larry in his office.
###Chapter 2321
Chapter 2321 
Larry was lying on the sofa with his eyes half open as he massaged his temple. 
God knows how many bottles of wine this idiot downed last night… Had it not been for Caspian, I would’ve left him by the side of the road! 
“Huh? Oh, yeah, I’m fine…” Larry mumbled as he staggered to his feet. 
“All right, I’ll be on my way, then.” With that, Jessica left his office. 
Larry felt his heart ache at the thought of what happened last night. I can’t believe Joan attended the event with another man… 
“It’s official, Larry! The directors have agreed to transfer the shares to Dustin!” Caspian shouted anxiously as he came bursting through the door. 
“Got it…” Larry replied weakly. 
“What do we do now, Larry? Norton Corporation will fall into Dustin’s hands if he becomes the largest shareholder!” 
Now that he’s mentioned it, how was Dustin able to accomplish all that while working his butt off in the supermarket? He knows everything that happens in our company, and even bribed the directors into transferring their shares to him! Heh… So much for them claiming to be Dad’s loyal comrades in the corporate world… 
“Don’t worry; I’ll go talk to them about this. I won’t let Dustin have his way,” Larry stated as he got up and left his office.
He then whipped out his phone and called up the directors. 
“Ah, Mr. Norton! I’m a little busy at the moment, so I can’t meet up with you right now. Let’s talk about this some other day!” 
“Sorry, Mr. Norton. I’m too old to get involved in some power struggle, so I decided to sell my shares to Dustin. He is the second largest shareholder of Norton Corporation anyway, so it only makes sense to sell it to him!” 
“Apologies, my grandson is calling me, so I have to go now.” 
The directors all refused to meet up with him, and Larry felt like a fool as he stood by the side of the road. First, my loved one betrays me, and now these directors betray me too? Is this how it all ends for me? 
“Oh, my! Look who it is!” A woman’s voice came from behind. 
This woman… I’ve seen her before… Don’t know much about her though… 
Larry ignored her and carried on staring off into the distance, seemingly in deep thought. 
“What are you doing spacing out at a time like this, Mr. Norton? Your wife is going to run away with another man soon!” Noelle taunted him deliberately, but Larry knew Joan must have been really angry for her to run off like that. 
“Is that what you came to tell me? If so, you can leave now,” he replied. 
“Are you kidding me? You’re going to stand here and do nothing while your wife is hooking up with another man?” Noelle shouted angrily. 
“Watch your mouth!” The look in Larry’s eyes was so vicious that Noelle took a few steps back in fear.
What the hell is wrong with this guy? Screw this! I’m out of here! Noelle thought to herself as she walked away. 
Larry looked up at the sky and took deep breaths to calm himself down. 
With more pressing matters at the company to take care of, his relationship issues with Joan would have to wait. 
“Caspian, find out what the shareholders are up to the next couple of days. I’m going to confront them in person and get to the bottom of things. Make sure to be discreet so you don’t startle them!” 
Larry hung up the phone after that, but he wasn’t quite sure where he should go next. It’s still early… Should I go back to the office? I think I’ve pretty much taken care of everything there is to do… Do I go home then? Hmm, I don’t think Joan wants to see me right now…
###Chapter 2322
Chapter 2322 
Right as he was contemplating his next course of action, a familiar figure in the distance caught his attention. 
Is that who I think it is? Hmm… Nah, it can’t be… I’m probably seeing things because I’m too tired… With that in mind, Larry turned around and was about to leave. 
“Why are you avoiding me, Lars?” Gabriella shouted out loud while running towards him. Larry was very surprised to hear her voice as he thought she was overseas. 
“No reason,” he replied coldly as he recalled what she had done to him and Joan in the past. 
She’s tried to hurt Joan countless times, but each attempt ended in failure. Why did she return? What is she up to this time? 
“Aww… Why are you being so cold to me, Lars?” Gabriella pouted. 
Has she lost her mind or what? Does she not remember what she did? What a joke! 
Larry shot her a vicious glare. “Anything else? If not, I’ll be on my way now.” 
However, Gabriella simply stared at him in confusion as she had no idea why he was being so cold to her. 
Unbeknownst to Larry, Gabriella had lost a part of her memories. 
“Please tell me if I did something to offend you, Lars… I don’t want you getting upset like this… I want you to be happy…” She shook his arm as she pleaded with him. 
That was the last straw for Larry, and he lashed out at her in response.
“Drop the act, Gabriella! What are you up to this time, huh? Who are you trying to hurt? Me? Or Joan, perhaps?” 
Gabriella’s eyes began to tear up as she looked at him in bewilderment. 
“What are you talking about, Lars? Since when have I ever tried to hurt you? Also, who is Joan? How could I possibly hurt her if I don’t even know who she is?” she asked in a trembling voice. 
Larry was dumbfounded. 
What the hell is going on here? Is she all right in the head? Or is this all just an act? 
Suddenly, a young woman ran up to them and grabbed the woman by the arm. “I’m terribly sorry for the trouble Ms. Ward has caused you, sir! Please excuse us!” 
“Hold up! What happened to her?” Larry asked the young woman curiously. 
The young woman stared at them both and let out a helpless sigh. 
“She got into a car accident overseas and lost a part of her memories as a result. It’s possible that she may never recover those memories.” 
I see… That’s why she doesn’t remember Joan… Ha! Fate sure has a wicked sense of humor! Here I was, worried that she had come back to hurt Joan again, only to find out she doesn’t even remember who Joan is! Honestly, I don’t know whether to feel relieved about this or feel sorry for her… Oh, well… Everything happens for a reason, so I’ll just leave it at that! With that thought in mind, Larry walked away. 
“Why don’t you give up, Larry? It’s pointless for you to struggle anyway!” Dustin said as the two of them sat down inside a café.
He was feeling extremely confident as Norton Corporation would soon fall into his hands. 
No matter how hard Larry tried, the shareholders were dead set on selling their shares to Dustin. 
“I won’t give up,” Larry said confidently, sipping on his coffee and staring out the window. 
So what if you won’t give up? You’ll still lose in the end! It’s a pointless waste of time and effort! 
“What are you trying to achieve, Dustin? Acquire Norton Corporation? And then what, hmm? The company was never yours, to begin with, and it will never be yours to own,” Larry said.
###Chapter 2323
Chapter 2323 
Whatever his reasons are for acquiring Norton Corporation, winning Joan over is not one of them. Should I end up losing everything, I won’t let Joan suffer with me even if she’s willing to! As such, it’s safe to assume that Dustin is simply waging psychological warfare. 
“Nothing in particular, really. I just want to see you lose everything and leave Norton Corporation, that’s all!” Dustin snarled viciously. 
Larry sneered in response and looked away. 
Heh… Given what I’ve been through, he’s underestimating me if he thinks he can take me down like this! Even if he does somehow succeed this time, I’ll still be able to take it back in the future! 
“What are you laughing at, Larry? Aren’t you afraid that you’re about to lose both your wife and your company?” 
After everything I’ve come across so far, what else is there to be afraid of? Larry took a deep breath and calmed himself down. 
They then had a few more exchanges before leaving the café with tension in the air. 
Larry knew full well that Dustin had no intention of making any compromises, so he had no choice but to fight that battle with everything he had. 
“What is this, Larry?” Caspian exclaimed in shock when he saw the document on his desk. 
Larry walked up to him and took a look at it.
What the… This is a divorce agreement! I didn’t expect her to actually file for a divorce! Is she really that sick of me? Does she hate me that much? 
Larry trembled slightly and felt like his head was about to explode when he saw the divorce agreement on his desk. 
“Um… Larry, someone may have brought the wrong document over… Here, give it to me. I’ll take care of it,” Caspian said as he reached out to take the divorce agreement from Larry. 
No… All employees of Norton Corporation are always cautious in carrying out their duties, so there’s no way they’d make a silly mistake like this! This won’t do… I’ll have to ask Joan about this! 
“I’ll go talk to Joan about this, so you stay out of it.” With that, Larry ran out of his office and drove straight home. 
Delilah was the only one in the living room when he arrived at the house. 
Larry searched all over the place for Joan, but the woman was nowhere to be found. 
“She’s not in, so you can talk to me instead. Oh, and that divorce agreement you’re holding? I was the one who delivered it,” Delilah said straightforwardly. 
What the hell? What right did she have to do that? Since when have I said anything about getting divorced from Joan? 
Larry tried his best to suppress his emotions as he asked with a hint of helplessness in his eyes, “What on earth are you doing, Ms. Young?” 
What does it look like I’m doing? I’m helping you two get divorced so you can both live your own peaceful lives without bothering each other! Isn’t that a win-win solution?
“Exactly what you think I’m doing,” the older woman replied calmly. 
“But, why? Why would you want us to get divorced? We’ve been through so much just to get where we are today! We can’t give up on all that!” 
Larry was both anxious and afraid of Joan leaving him. 
“And where exactly are you two now? You two get into a fight, and you can’t even be bothered to talk to each other anymore? What’s the point in staying married, then? Might as well let go of each other and be free from this bullsh*t you call marriage!” 
Everything she said was true. Delilah wouldn’t have gotten involved if Joan and Larry had kissed and made up after a while, but the couple had been going at it for almost three months. There was no way a relationship could withstand such a huge blow without taking a toll on those in it.
###Chapter 2324
Chapter 2324 
“Take some time to really think about what I said.” 
Delilah then walked out of the living room while Larry slumped against the sofa and fell into deep thought. 
Am I really in the wrong here? Must I be the first one to apologize? 
“Ms. Young, come take a look at this! Will this do?” Joan called out to Delilah in the garden. 
“Yeah, that’ll do fine! Keep up the good work, and you’ll probably be a master at this!” Delilah replied with a smile. 
Joan had been thinking of becoming a florist, so she felt excited when Delilah complimented her. 
“I’ve sent Larry the divorce agreement,” Delilah brought it up all of a sudden. 
Joan froze for a moment, but she quickly regained her composure and continued watering the flowers. 
“I see,” she mumbled. 
Why do I feel like I’m starting to regret this? Was it a mistake to have agreed to the divorce Ms. Young suggested? Hmm… Screw it! Maybe my relationship with Larry really has come to an end, after all… 
With that in mind, she dusted the dirt off her clothes and carried on with what she was doing. 
“Have you ever regretted your decision?” Delilah asked. 
Of course, I have! But, what good would that do? Maybe we simply aren’t fated to be together, so why should I regret letting go?
“Nope, I trust you!” Joan replied with a smile. 
Delilah’s plan was simple. If Larry truly cared about Joan, he would do everything in his power to keep her by his side. If he didn’t, then a divorce would still be the best solution anyway. 
“Look, Ms. Young! This flower is amazing! I thought it was done for when it began to wilt the other day, but it’s blooming now!” Joan exclaimed. 
Larry had never expected things to take such a complicated turn. 
“Larry, they’ve already sold him their shares, so you and Dustin are evenly matched right now. As of the moment, there’s still one remaining shareholder who has yet to transfer his shares. We have to get it before Dustin does, or Norton Corporation will be lost!” Caspian told Larry anxiously, truly feeling afraid for the first time. 
“But no one has ever seen that shareholder, right?” Larry asked while staring out the window with a depressed look on his face. 
There’s a mysterious shareholder in Norton Corporation that even Dad had never met in his entire life. Norton Corporation urgently required a huge amount of capital for its inception. That man wrote Dad a letter expressing his willingness to lend a helping hand, and they never contacted each other again after that… 
With that thought in mind, Larry slumped against the sofa and sipped on his tea. He hadn’t slept well in a few weeks, and it pained Caspian to see Larry in such a haggard state, but the former didn’t know how to comfort him. 
“Hey, how’s it going? Has everything been taken care of?” Jessica asked as she came in through the door.
She knew quite a lot about what was going on in Norton Corporation, so she was able to understand how Larry felt and came to check on him. 
“Shh!” 
Caspian motioned at her to keep quiet. Things were complicated enough as it is. 
Jessica slowly sat down beside Larry and shot him a helpless look. 
“Larry, let me know if there’s anything I can do to help out. I will be sure to give it my all!” 
Caspian smacked his lips in disdain and turned away when he heard that. 
Please… What can you possibly do to help? It’ll be a miracle if you don’t cause us any more trouble! 
Jessica gave Caspian a nudge as she shouted at him, “Hey! What’s with that attitude of yours? I’m very serious when it comes to getting things done!”
###Chapter 2325
Chapter 2325 
Frowning, Larry flipped through the documents in silence and fell into a deep thought. 
Something about that elusive shareholder from Norton Corporation was bugging him. Since nobody knew of his whereabouts, it was almost impossible to acquire his shares. Apart from that, Larry could foresee Dustin blindsiding him. He couldn’t let his guard down in the face of such a cunning and manipulative foe. 
“Caspian, our options are limited if we don’t find that shareholder.” 
“Yes, sir!” The bodyguard left after he received his orders. 
Larry and Jessica sat on the sofa. Unnerved by the silence, she started chattering nonstop, to his annoyance. 
“Jessica, you’re not young anymore. You lack the demeanor and maturity of women of your age. I really wonder how you are going to cope after you’re married,” Larry blurted out with great concern. 
His words dumbfounded Jessica. 
The next moment, a wave of fury surged within her. 
“What’s the matter with you, Larry? You’re criticizing me for trying to cheer you up? I’m really disappointed with you. Where’s your conscience?” Jessica refuted in displeasure. 
Larry was at a loss for words. 
No sh*t! You always appear at the wrong time when I’m busy or I need some a moment to myself.
Regardless of his frustration, there was nothing he could do to Jessica. Caspian was his buddy, and he loved her. 
In fact, Larry’s extreme tolerance towards her didn’t escape Caspian, who was both touched and appreciative for having such an understanding buddy. For Joan, however, the show of affection for another woman was an act of betrayal to herself. 
“Alright, thanks for your concern. But, can you go to Caspian? I have something to attend to,” Larry tried to coax her. 
He’s chasing me away again! Jessica pouted unhappily. 
Her displeasure was short-lived due to her easygoing nature. ”What do you feel like eating? I’ll buy you lunch,” she asked Larry eagerly. 
“I’m not hungry.” It was a flat out refusal. 
Jessica shrugged. It’s the same response every time. 
She knew he was not a fussy-eater. Even though he always turned her down, he would finish whatever she brought for him to fill his stomach. He’s so busy he doesn’t even have time to go for lunch. He’ll starve if I don’t feed him. 
“Are you leaving now?” Caspian asked the moment she stepped out of Larry’s office. 
“I’ll be back in a while with his lunch.” 
“Oh… How about me? I’m starving too?” 
Jessica rolled her eyes, speechless by his jealousy. What’s the matter with this man? How could he forget that I always include him whenever I buy for Larry?
“It’s a bit late now. I have to go. See you then.” She gestured to him and left at once. 
At the main entrance of Norton Corporation, a woman was pacing back and forth in one corner, lost in her thoughts. It was Joan who wanted to talk it out with Larry. She was disappointed to see Jessica exit the building. 
I bet Larry must be happy to have her around! Joan clenched her fists, feeling defeated. 
Jessica is indeed a caring woman. Look at how she always ensures Larry is taking his meals regularly. She’s definitely a better wife for him compared to me! 
Forget it. I’d better go back first. She left without another glance. 
Honk! Joan froze in shock. A car sped past, almost knocking her down when she was preoccupied with other thoughts. 
“Are you alright? Are you hurt?” Jessica dashed toward her and asked anxiously. 
Huh? Why is she here? Joan was stunned and looked at her quizzically. 
“I was buying lunch, and I saw you here,” Jessica explained softly.
###Chapter 2326
Chapter 2326 
Joan looked at the two lunch boxes in Jessica’s hands bitterly. These must be for both Larry and her. How nice of them to have their meals together! As his wife, I don’t even get to do that. 
“Oh, I-I’m fine. You go on. I need to go now.” 
Jessica sighed at her vanishing silhouette. My goodness! Both of them are still on bad terms till now. I wonder what issues they’re having. 
“Here’s your lunch.” She tossed Caspian one of the lunch boxes. 
“Larry, this is yours.” Then she added casually, “Oh, I bumped into Joan just now.” 
Larry looked up at once and waited for her to continue. 
“She was almost knocked down by a car just now.” 
Larry’s heart skipped a beat. His face turned pale as he jumped out of his chair. 
“What happened after that? Was she hurt?” 
“Argh! Since you’re so concerned about her, why don’t you go back and have a look? I really don’t understand what’s going through your mind,” she grumbled impatiently. 
Jessica never doubted Larry’s love for Joan, no matter how angry he was. 
D*mn their pride! Why can’t one of them give in and apologize? 
The supermarket was packed as usual. Dustin was occupied in his office while Joan assisted the other employees with the stock check.
Suddenly, she noticed one employee was missing. 
“Louis, is anyone on leave today?” 
“No. Everyone is here. Why’re you asking this?” Louis answered. 
Huh? Everyone is here? But that pretty young lady isn’t here. Where is she? 
“I remember there’s a young lady..” 
“I know who you mean. Dustin fired her.” Louis cut her off. 
What happened? Dustin fired her? Is it true? He wouldn’t be so ruthless. Even though she is materialistic and stubborn, her work performance is still quite satisfactory. How could he just kick her out of the supermarket? 
“Why did Dustin fire her all of a sudden? Has she done anything wrong?” Joan probed. 
“Joan Watts, why don’t you worry about yourself more instead of the others? Even if you knew about it earlier, what could you have done? Nothing! Don’t forget, Dustin’s the manager now, and we’re all working for him,” Louis snapped, rendering her speechless. 
He can’t just fire anyone like that! I must confront him now! 
She put down the things in her hands and walked towards Dustin’s office. 
“Joan, just mind your own business. Don’t stir up trouble!” Louis tried to stop her. 
Nothing could hold her back as her rising anger clouded her mind. 
Bang! The door to Dustin’s office burst open and Joan marched in grimly.
He looked up at her and broke into a smile. 
Then he stood up slowly and approached her. “What’s going on? Are you angry?” he asked affectionately. 
“Why did you fire that young lady?” Joan cut to the chase. 
What? How did she find out about this? Dustin turned away to avoid eye contact. 
He knew Joan hated it when he dismissed an employee from the supermarket. Furthermore, all of them became very close to each other after working together for quite some time. Needless to say, she hoped they could be colleagues forever. 
However, the girl only had herself to blame. If she did her job, he would not have kicked her out without a second thought.
###Chapter 2327
Chapter 2327 
“Why? You pity her?” Dustin asked. 
“Of course! We have worked together for so long. Many of them were here before we came. Now that you have fired one of them, how do you expect the others to feel?” Joan yelled. 
A few employees huddled outside the manager’s office and whispered among themselves. Their eyes widened in disbelief. 
“What’s going on? The manager and the supervisor are having an argument?” 
“I’m not sure. Will they end up fighting with each other?” 
“What are you talking about? Our manager is a gentleman. He won’t hit a woman. Stop your wild guess and get back to work!” 
Minutes later, they reluctantly went back to their respective tasks. 
Dustin was amused by Joan’s agitation. 
She’s letting her emotions cloud her judgement. Again. 
“Fine, let me tell you why. She came to my house late one night and threatened to kill herself if I refused to marry her. Instead of pressing charges, I let her off. Besides, I also spoke to the other employees. She wasn’t well-liked by her peers and she couldn’t blend in. Do you think I should let her continue to work here?” Dustin explained patiently. 
So this is the reason! Joan knew she had barked at the wrong tree. 
I have wronged him!
“I-I’m terribly sorry. I yelled at you without getting the facts. Please forgive me,” she apologized. 
Dustin didn’t feel offended. He knew she was a kind-hearted and righteous person. 
“It’s alright. Why don’t you buy me dinner tonight to make it up to me?” he leaned closer to her abruptly and teased. 
Joan raised her head and chuckled in relief. 
“Sure, no problem!” She patted the man’s shoulder hard and promised sportingly. 
After some small talk, she went back to work. 
A worried Louis approached Joan as soon as she came out of Dustin’s office. 
“Are you alright? Is everything fine?” he asked. 
“Yeah, I’m fine.” 
Phew! I thought the manager would lash out at her. I’m glad nothing happened. Heaving a sigh of relief, he continued with his task. 
As dusk fell, the employees called it a day and gradually left for home. Meanwhile, Dustin’s eyes were glued to the monitor. Joan sat and waited patiently so as not to interrupt him. 
He finally stretched his back and glanced at his watch. 
Oh no! I didn’t realize it’s so late. I hope she’s not pissed off with me. He immediately picked up his phone to call Joan, who had dozed off while waiting for him. 
To his surprise, Dustin heard her phone ringing outside his office.
He opened the door to see an exhausted Joan sleeping. 
He hung up the phone at once, crouched in front of her, and scrutinized her features. 
Joan wasn’t just beautiful, she was also the most compassionate woman he knew. 
After quite a while, she rubbed her eyes and rose from the chair slowly. 
“You’re done?” She yawned. 
“I didn’t know you were waiting for me.” Dustin scratched the back of his head in embarrassment. 
“Of course not. I promised to buy you dinner. Let’s go now.” Joan gestured to him and walked out at once. 
“Joan, wait a minute!” Dustin grabbed her elbow. 
She turned and looked at him inquisitively. 
Then he darted into his office and came out with a scarf that he had kept hidden like a treasure. 
“Put this on. It’s too chilly outside.” He wrapped it around her neck.
###Chapter 2328
Chapter 2328 
His gentleness warmed Joan’s heart like the morning sun. Nonetheless, she saw her relationship with Dustin as strictly platonic. 
“I’m really impressed by how well-prepared you are!” she complimented him with an exaggerated laugh to ease the awkwardness between them. 
Little did she know he had specifically prepared the scarf for her. 
“How about we go for a pizza? If I’m not mistaken, the pizza joint has just come up with their new menu!” 
“Sure, let’s go!” Dustin replied gleefully. 
Both of them left the supermarket in high spirits and headed for the pizza joint not far from them. 
Probably due to the chilly weather, the pizza joint was more packed than usual. 
“Waiter, I want to add two appetizers!” 
“Waiter, get me the tabasco!” 
“Five cans of beer, please!” 
The place was crowded, but everyone was having a good time. 
“Look, there’s a vacant table in the corner. Is it fine for you?” Dustin whispered with concern. 
He knew Joan was an introvert who preferred a quieter environment. 
“Yeah, let’s take the seat.” She made a beeline for the table.
Dustin was in a good mood lately. Having Joan to himself like tonight only made things better. 
Norton Corporation would be his soon. He wondered what Larry would do when he loses his company. I guess it’s only a matter of time before Larry and Joan file for a divorce. Then she will be mine forever! Dustin couldn’t wait for his dream to come true. 
Contrary to the joyous atmosphere at the pizza joint, loneliness shrouded Larry. Sitting on the sofa in his dimly lit office, the haggard man smoked as he stared sorrowfully at the moon. 
He was exhausted and lost. 
Feeling helpless was a new experience for Larry. Thinking of Joan was driving him insane. He yearned to seek solace in her warm embrace, but he didn’t know where to find her. To make things worse, he had received the divorce papers. His world was falling apart. He knew Delilah wouldn’t send him the papers without Joan’s consent. 
“Larry, you haven’t left?” Caspian entered his office and asked softly. 
“To where? Home?” 
My wife is divorcing me? Do I still have a home? There was a self-deprecating smile on Larry’s face. 
“Larry, I’m sure Joan did it in a moment of anger. She just needs more time to come around. When she does, everything will be fine. You’ll see.” 
Caspian knew how stressful it was for Larry to resolve the matters in the company. The divorce agreement from Joan was another great blow to him. The challenges had one by one plunged him into a bottomless pit of despair. 
“Did you locate the shareholder’s whereabouts?” Larry asked solemnly.
In an instant, Caspian stared at the floor, thinking of a way to break the news. 
The other shareholders failed to track him down throughout all these years. How could I do it in such a short time? It’s mission impossible! 
“There’s still no sign of him. But Larry, don’t worry. We won’t give up searching for him. Once we find a lead, I’ll notify you immediately.” Caspian tried to cheer him up. 
How long do I need to wait? One year? Two? Three years? Perhaps we might never find him again? Larry felt down at the thought. 
Caspian had never seen him in such a miserable state. Larry used to be fearless. He would forge ahead even under extreme circumstances. This time, he’s really powerless no matter how hard he tries. There’s nothing much we can do if the shareholder refuses to show up. 
“What’s the matter with both of you? It’s almost midnight. Do you intend to stay awake the whole night here? Even machines can’t operate non-stop. Do you want to end up dying of fatigue? Go back to sleep now!” Jessica came and roared at the men.
###Chapter 2329
Chapter 2329 
She knew Larry and Caspian were burning the midnight oil in the office. 
“Why are you here?” Caspian stared at her in bewilderment. 
Jessica rolled her eyes and mocked, “Why can’t I be here? What kind of logic is that?” Next, she turned to Larry. “Come on, Larry, go home. No point racking your brain the whole night. It won’t change anything. It’s better to rest and recharge your mind for the next day. If not, how about buying me a meal?” Her lips lifted into a mischievous smile. 
She’s nuts! Having meal when it is almost midnight? I thought women are obsessed about keeping slim? This woman is an exception! She isn’t afraid of putting on weight and despised by men? Caspian threw Jessica a silent but contemptuous look. 
“Mr. Norton, what do you think? We can go to the pizza joint?” she asked excitedly. 
Meanwhile, Larry was still chain-smoking. He was too engrossed in his own thoughts to hear a single word. His mind was focusing on locating the shareholder who had disappeared. 
Since Larry did not respond, Jessica approached Caspian. “Hey, Caspian, you treat me a meal.” 
“At this hour? I need to go home to rest now. It’s too late. Larry, I’ll see you tomorrow.” He moved forward slightly and planned to slip away. 
“Hey, you can’t go home now. Come with me so you can pay for my pizza!” Jessica yanked him aside and pinned him on the sofa. 
“No way! I’m not craving for pizza. I haven’t slept much lately. Please… let me go! I miss my bed so much.” Caspian pouted.
Jessica’s eyes lit up. 
I never knew he can look so adorable! Oh, he’s pouting like a little boy; it really melts my heart! She leaned closer to him to have a better look. 
“Hey, Jessica! What are you doing? Are you trying to molest me?” he yelled anxiously and crossed his arms on his chest to protect himself. 
Pfft! This man is really a narcissist! Larry is a lot more good-looking than him! She trotted to Larry and stared at him with her big, bright eyes. 
“Larry, are you joining us? If you’re not going, we will leave without you!” 
The men were no match against her persuasiveness, and she dragged them to the car. On the way to the pizza joint, none of them spoke. Caspian, who was driving, felt awkward. Larry stared out of the window, lost in his own thoughts, while Jessica played games on her phone and hummed joyfully. 
“Hey, can both of you cheer up? We are heading for a delicious meal, not attending a funeral? Oh, the silence is unbearable! Jessica grumbled. 
Life is stressful enough. Why take on more pressure and torture ourselves? 
“Mind your words and zip your mouth,” Caspian snapped at her. 
He knew Larry was bottling his emotions to himself. Instead of speaking to someone, the latter chain- smoked. Caspian was clueless of how stressed up Larry was until he saw the amount of cigarette butts in his office. 
“Larry, cheer up. Fine, I’ll foot the bill later,” Jessica held onto his arm and said coquettishly.
Larry was used to her affections because he treated her like a younger sister all this while. Jessica, too, saw him like an older sibling. Even though she liked Caspian, she found it embarrassing to confess her feelings to him. 
“There are other pizza joints nearer to our office. You must be out of your mind to insist on going to the one in the village?” Caspian mumbled in bafflement. 
Out of my mind? How dare he say that in my face! Suddenly, a glint of hostility flashed across her eyes.
###Chapter 2330
Chapter 2330 
“I want it! I want the pizza from the pizza joint in the village!” she exclaimed. 
Caspian sighed and shook his head in exasperation. 
He knew he would always relent, no matter how unreasonable Jessica’s demands were because he loved her. 
“Hey, are you okay?” she asked Larry solemnly. 
She had never seen him so depressed. 
Is he having a fever? She instinctively placed one hand on his forehead and the other on hers. 
Nope. His temperature seems normal. 
“Larry, please buck up! Are you going to wallow in despair over a minor disagreement with Joan?” she yelled and pounded on his back. 
You got to learn to let go! A man should prioritize his career instead. Besides, Larry did nothing wrong. 
“Hey. Stop talking for a moment,” Caspian warned Jessica as he glanced at Larry. 
What? How dare he! She said all that out of her concern for Larry. He was a straightforward man who spoke his mind. It was only natural that he disliked those who beat around the bush. 
Little did she know that at that moment, Larry was not only thinking about Joan, the identity of the elusive shareholder also troubled him.
“Hey, stop spouting nonsense! Larry has a lot on his plate recently. Give him a break!” Caspian explained. 
Jessica could not believe Caspian was upset with her as he tried to defend Larry. She narrowed her eyes at Caspian in disbelief. 
Shouldn’t he be supporting me in such situations? How could he defend Larry instead? 
The saying bros over hoes seemed to be proven to be true. From the first day she knew both of them, they had a strong mutual understanding between them. They had a relationship that others were envious of, including Jessica. 
The car soon arrived at the lively pizza joint. 
All the customers were enjoying their pizzas while the boss counted the wads of cash. 
The trio didn’t know that Joan and Dustin were there, too. 
“Would y’all like a private room?” Caspian deliberately asked Jessica. 
“Definitely. The private room would be good in case someone gets drunk and embarrasses all of us,” she pointed out with sarcasm. 
What is she talking about? She’s usually the first to get drunk and embarrass herself. Caspian eyed her with disdain, but kept his silence. 
“What happened to you? What’s with your change in attitude?” she asked loudly while pulling his ear. 
“Alright. My apologies. Please stop humiliating me in public!” Caspian whispered in frustration as he turned his head to check his surroundings.
The three of them entered a private room beside the one Joan and Dustin were in. 
“Joan, what do you think?” Dustin snacked on some fries. 
How else could I think? Joan took Delilah’s advice to divorce Larry, gave him space to calm down, and clear his thoughts. Till now, he hadn’t called or showed up. Not even once! 
“I should let nature takes its course,” she muttered.
###Chapter 2331
Chapter 2331 
Huh? Let nature take its course? One could only hope for success if one took action. No action meant no hope. 
“Have you ever thought of reconciling? After all, both of you went through so much together. You shouldn’t separate because of some misunderstandings,” Dustin inquired. 
He wanted Joan to realize he could be her protector and give her a future she deserved. 
“Let’s drop that topic. Here, have more food. You’ve worked hard recently.” She took a slice of pepperoni pizza and placed it on his plate. 
Her thoughtfulness moved him. It had been some time since Joan opened up to him. 
Despite that, she saw it as a normal interaction between friends. 
“Let’s dive in!” 
As usual, Jessica was drunk. She was trying to pick a fight with Caspian. 
“More wine! Quick!” she demanded. 
“You’re such an embarrassment. It’s time to bring you back,” Caspian said. 
“Back where? My parents are not around, so what’s the point of heading home?” 
He stared at Jessica and felt his heart ached. 
“It’s okay, I’m here. Don’t worry.” Caspian stroked her hair. 
“Stop nagging and give me more wine! I want more!” she shouted and tried to grab his glass.
“Jessica. It’s time to go back!” 
It annoyed him when women tried to drink, especially Jessica, who kept crossing his boundaries. Even though he had romantic feelings towards her, he would never break his principles. 
“Caspian, you’re so overbearing! Why won’t you let me drink?” 
“Because I like you!” 
The room went silent as they stared at each other, unsure of what to say next. Meanwhile, Larry was deep in his own thoughts at the window and was clueless about what was happening. 
“Give it to me!” Jessica continued. 
Smash! 
Caspian snatched her glass away and threw it on the floor. 
The atmosphere in the room turned awkward. 
“Let’s go!” He helped her up. 
“Let’s go, Larry. We have to leave before she acts up again.” 
Larry spoke little throughout the meal. When he heard Caspian, he stood up immediately and opened the door. 
The sight of Dustin and Joan greeted him. They were walking side by side like a sweet couple. Caspian cast them a contemptuous gaze from behind Larry. 
“Larry, let’s go.”
“Don’t touch me!” Jessica exclaimed in anger. 
Joan halted, turned at the familiar voice, and saw Larry watching her. 
Dustin, on the other hand, was glaring murderously at the latter. 
Larry, just agree with the divorce! There’s no point in struggling. Dustin clenched his fists. 
“Huh? Isn’t that Joan?” Jessica pointed at her. 
Caspian stopped her from getting near Joan in case Jessica picked a fight with her. 
Joan was surprised by what she saw.
###Chapter 2332
Chapter 2332 
Jessica likes Larry, but why is she behaving so intimately with Caspian? There was a mixture of hope and disappointment in Joan’s eyes as she watched the trio. 
“Ah!” 
Suddenly, Jessica shrugged off Caspian’s arms and threw herself into Larry’s embrace. 
“It still feels the best to be in Larry’s embrace,” she said smugly. 
Although their relationship was platonic, from Joan’s perspective, it was the exact opposite. 
“Alright. We have to go!” Caspian grabbed Jessica. 
“No! Is that Dustin? I have something to tell you.” Jessica approached Dustin, who retreated a few steps in unease. 
Is she trying to create a scene? Dustin crossed his arms and maintained a safe distance from her. 
“Why are you retreating? I’m not gonna eat you up. Come here, let’s talk. Why did you approach Joan? Are you trying to tear Larry and her apart?” Jessica demanded as she grabbed him by his tie. 
She must be crazy! He was suppressing the anger that was boiling inside of him. 
“Hey, Larry. Are you going to let her continue?” Dustin directed. 
Caspian nudged Larry and pointed to Joan. Larry walked over to Joan after hesitating for a few seconds. 
Before he could speak, Dustin pulled Joan away.
“Dustin, what are you doing?” she demanded. 
“Are you stupid? What if that mad lady hurts you?” 
Jessica would never hurt Joan. She only wanted to teach Dustin a lesson. 
Larry was crushed as he watched their vanishing silhouettes. 
Is she happy with Dustin? 
“Larry, stop looking! Let’s go!” Caspian said to break his thoughts. 
Go? Where? Larry scoffed. 
I’ll head to the office instead! 
“Stop. Why would Jessica hurt me? Furthermore, she’s drunk!” Joan shrugged off Dustin’s hands. 
“You’re angry?” 
The last thing he wanted was to upset her. 
“I’m going home.” 
That night in his office, Larry lay on the sofa and wrestled with his emotions. 
Norton Corporation was facing a crisis that could shake up Larry’s position in the company. Is it time to let Joan go? 
Meanwhile, Joan was in bed, staring at the ceiling as Larry’s crestfallen expression replayed in her mind.
What was he going to say? Joan took a deep breath in an attempt to stabilize her emotions. 
Dustin was gloating as he stared at the documents on his desk. 
Norton Corporation was about to end up in his hands. That was his gift for Joan and his dream. 
Caspian headed to the gym after he sent Jessica home. 
Though that was a peaceful night, all of them were troubled by their own affairs. 
Everything unfolded naturally, yet abruptly. 
Fate was a mysterious thing that revolved around the same people after coming full circle. 
“Mr. Norton, the shareholders are having meeting now,” a flustered assistant informed Larry who was sitting calmly on the sofa.
###Chapter 2333
Chapter 2333 
He had anticipated for such this day to arrive. Those scheming people couldn’t wait for him to step down. 
“Alright,” Larry replied after some thought. 
It was not his style to run away from the inevitable. 
The meeting room quickly filled with people. Even those shareholders who rarely made an appearance were present. 
“Mr. Norton, it’s time for you to step down. We don’t want you to tire yourself out unnecessarily,” one of them stated. 
“Exactly. Mr. Norton, it’s time for a change,” another chimed in. 
“A young man like you will be successful no matter where you go.” 
Those shareholders continued to mock him mercilessly. Larry was unaffected because he was used to their inconsiderate behaviors. They had no intentions to look out for him anyway. To be exact, they were against the Norton family. 
Slam! 
A man barged into the meeting room aggressively. 
It was Dustin. 
The shareholders stood up in unison and welcomed him with bright smiles.
“Mr. Silverman is here. Please, sit take a seat!” 
“Yeah, Mr. Silverman, please.” 
They buttered up to Dustin and ignored Larry. A few shareholders sympathized with the latter but did not dare to speak up. 
Dustin smirked and walked toward Larry with a conceited look on his face. 
“Mr. Norton, you may rest from now on,” he announced and tossed the Share Transfer Agreement to Larry in despise. 
Everyone was stunned to see the document. 
“He found it and got some shares as well.” 
“He’s extraordinary.” 
Larry smirked at the agreement. 
What is he smirking at? Did he know it was faked? It’s impossible. Other than the two involved, there were no other witnesses. Dustin was suddenly anxious. 
“Mr. Silverman, the future of Norton Corporation is now in your hands,” Larry said intentionally. 
He would get this company back one day, but he had to stay low for that time being. 
“Mr. Norton, don’t worry. You’re still the second-largest shareholder. We look forward to having you back anytime. Since Norton Corporation is now under my care, should I change it to Silverman Corporation?” Dustin mocked as he glanced at the shareholders. 
The room turned silent. Those shareholders did not dare to play along with him.
“Of course, the biggest shareholder gets to decide,” one stated boldly. 
“Yes, of course!” another chimed in. 
Larry narrowed his eyes at the ones who agreed with the change of the company’s name. 
What a bunch of materialistic fools! He turned and left the meeting room. 
Back at his office, Larry crafted a plan in his mind while he packed. 
“Mr. Norton, please don’t leave,” one of the staff pleaded. 
“Yeah, Mr. Norton, we hate to see you go.” 
“Mr. Norton, what are we gonna do when you’re gone? We’ve worked hard along your side all these years.” 
A dozen of the staff were reluctant for him to leave. 
He had groomed them into elites himself, but he had let these loyal employees down. 
To establish the company’s reputation in the earlier days, the staff had to work overtime. Many even forfeited their holidays and weekends. However, they did it willingly because they trusted his leadership.
###Chapter 2334
Chapter 2334 
“Everyone, I was a little harsh on you. I hope you can understand and forgive me. From now on, you must work hard together as the future of Norton Corporation depends on you,” Larry said emotionally. 
“No, Mr. Norton, if you really leave, we will also follow you.” 
“That’s right. We’ll leave with you.” 
Several colleagues made it clear that they were all in this together. 
“No, you’ll stay here. You’re not allowed to go anywhere!” Larry ordered. 
His departure was temporary, so he could find out the truth. He wasn’t a fool to leave his company to an outsider. 
“Whoa, so sentimental. Whoever wants to leave, leave. I won’t stop you. We’re in no shortage of staff anyway,” Dustin suddenly barged in and declared. 
“No, they’re just here to bid me farewell,” Larry hurriedly explained while glaring at those men who had said the wrong thing on impulse. 
“Larry, from now on, this office is mine. You should…” Dustin trailed off and shrugged. 
So? What does he want to say? Is he showing off? How ridiculous! Larry smiled and left the office. 
“Larry!” Caspian shouted from the car that was parked at the company entrance. 
Larry looked at him suspiciously, somewhat surprised. 
“Why aren’t you with Dustin?”
“You, Larry Norton, are my one and only boss in this life,” Caspian stated with burning loyalty. 
However, Larry did not want to implicate his buddy.. 
When Caspian joined Norton Corporation, he signed an agreement that stipulated a minimum service of five years in the company. He still had to fulfill that clause. 
At that moment, he did not what Larry had gone through, so he could not comfort him. 
After a long deliberation, Larry decided to go to a hotel instead of home. 
In his hotel room, he stared at Joan’s phone number on his phone screen and hesitated for thirty minutes before he finally dialed the number. 
“I agree to a divorce.” 
The short sentence hit Joan like a ton of bricks, leaving her suffocated. 
We’re divorcing. Lying on the bed, she stared at the moon through the window and got lost in thought. 
Why can’t he give it another shot? Why can’t he hold on a while longer? 
She finally fell asleep from exhaustion after crying her heart out. 
She woke up early the next day. After seeing Larry’s phone number on the call log, she realized it was not a dream, but a reality. 
“Joan, wake up! Time for breakfast!” Delilah yelled from the kitchen. 
“Coming.” 
“What’s wrong? Why are you having dark circles under your eyes?”
“He’s agreed to a divorce,” Joan murmured, looking tired. 
Delilah was dumbfounded. What? Is that man really letting go of Joan? Forget it. Since it doesn’t work out, there’s no point in keeping the marriage. Perhaps divorce might be a mercy for them. 
“Alright. Look at me. I’m doing fine without having a man in my life, aren’t I?” Delilah comforted. 
However, Joan was heartbroken. She really loved him. It never occurred to her that they would get a divorce. 
“Come, let’s eat.” Delilah led her to the dining table and handed her a glass of milk and a sandwich. 
As Lucius had already gone to school, they were the only ones at home. 
Finally, Joan could not hold back her tears anymore and burst out crying. 
Her sobs tore at Delilah. She wanted to call Larry and chide him, but it was all too late. 
What was said could not be unsaid. Larry wasn’t a heartless man. He must have thought it through before he agreed to a divorce.
###Chapter 2335
Chapter 2335 
“Alright. Enough with the crying. Men are nothing. Without them, we can still live a wonderful life,” Delilah consoled her while patting on her back. 
Despite that, Joan still found it hard to move on. 
“Joan Watts, can you grow a spine? Why miss him when he no longer loves you? Why do you have to make yourself suffer?” 
Her words instantly knocked some sense into Joan. 
“Okay. I wanna eat now. I wanna live well.” Then, she immediately stuffed an egg into her mouth and chewed it. 
That’s right. Why must I put myself in misery when he’s doing fine? 
After breakfast, she went to the Civil Affairs Bureau, where Larry was waiting for her on the sofa in the lobby. 
He can’t wait at all, can he? Joan snorted coldly; a trace of disdain in her eyes. 
I guess he’s gonna marry Jessica after our divorce. 
“You’re here,” Larry greeted in a low voice. 
“Yeah. I don’t want to keep you waiting.” 
However, the fact was that she only left the house after some time. 
“Have the two of you thought it through?”
“Yes,” Larry replied straightforwardly. 
Joan turned to look at him, feeling surprised. He can’t wait to get it done, can he? 
Soon, their divorce certificate was ready. 
Looking at it, Joan felt a lump in her throat as tears welled up in her eyes. She tried her best, but she could not hide the sadness on her face. 
“Um, let me drive you home,” Larry offered as they stood at the entrance of the Civil Affairs Bureau. 
“It’s okay. I’ll go back on my own. You should go to Jessica.” Then she turned around and left. 
Larry was a little reluctant to see her leave. 
It turns out she’s been getting the wrong idea about my relationship with Jessica. Forget it. Let it be. He got into his car and drove away. 
“Is it over now?” Delilah asked while grabbing Joan’s arm, feeling concerned. 
“Yeah, it’s over.” 
Taking the divorce certificate, Delilah could feel all her hopes shattering. 
“Joan, leave everything and go on a trip. Lucius and I will be fine.” 
Joan turned to look at Delilah seriously. Suddenly, a sense of aggrievement welled inside her. 
That’s right. I’ve given up a lot of things for this family and work. 
“But…” She faltered.
“But what? Just take some time off to relax. You can start over when you come back. Or you can go to a place you like and start a new life there.” 
Although Delilah could not bear to let Joan leave, she found it harder to see her sad. 
After a long chat, Joan finally decided to go on a trip. 
Other than Delilah, no one knew about her trip. 
Meanwhile, Dustin was sitting in Larry’s former office, flipping through the document on the desk with a gloating look on his face. 
You’re finally gone, Larry! 
However, the staff outside the office were sorrowful. 
“Hey, do you think Mr. Norton will be back?” 
“No idea. But why did he leave? He’s still the second-largest shareholder of the company.” 
“Stop making wild guesses. Mr. Norton will definitely be back. I believe in him. He won’t abandon us,” the assistant ran over and asserted in a hushed voice. 
“Really? When do you think he’ll come back?” Dustin suddenly appeared behind them and asked loudly.
###Chapter 2336
Chapter 2336 
The staff were embarrassed and did not know what to say. 
“You must be Larry’s former assistant. You’re fired,” Dustin announced while pointing at the assistant. 
A deafening silence filled the air. 
“Um, Mr. Silverman, we were just joking…” 
“If you don’t want to end up like her, you need to shut your gap,” Dustin warned viciously. 
What a difficult man. There was a look of anger in the eyes of the staff. 
“You don’t need to come to work tomorrow.” He turned around and left. 
The others looked at the assistant sympathetically, unwilling to see her leave. 
“It’s okay. You’ll continue to work hard here. Trust me, Mr. Norton will come back one day,” the assistant cheered them on. 
The next morning, Dustin gathered all the employees for a meeting to issue an ultimatum. He welcomed those who stayed to work for him, whereas those who were not on his side were free to leave the company. 
It was a realistic yet normal announcement. 
Majority stayed because they believed Larry would return one day. 
“Mr. Silverman, are you free tonight? My daughter admires you very much and wants to befriend you. I wonder…” a shareholder walked over and asked in a low voice.
“No,” Dustin rejected without waiting for him to finish his sentence. 
It had been days since he last saw Joan. He immediately got up, took his phone and left his office. 
“Mr. Silverman, I still need you to sign on two documents!” a man shouted behind him. 
“Later!” Then, he vanished from the man’s sight. 
“Hey, Ms. Young, where’s Joan?” Dustin asked excitedly. 
He wanted to tell her he was the president of Norton Corporation to impress her. 
“She’s gone out,” Delilah replied slowly. 
Huh? Where to? He looked around suspiciously, feeling somewhat surprised. 
“Mr. Dustin, I haven’t seen my mom for a long time,” Lucius mumbled as he suddenly emerged from his room. 
What’s going on? Dustin instantly had his guard up. 
“Ms. Young, what exactly is going on?” he whispered after taking Delilah to a corner. 
“Stop asking. She went on a trip. Don’t you go and disturb her.” After speaking, Delilah turned to leave. 
Did she leave because of her divorce? Clenching his fists, Dustin was hurt that she did not inform him. 
I’m still an outsider to her. A look of helplessness flashed across his eyes. 
For years, he had been trying to get closer to her by gradually insinuating himself into her life, to no avail.
Meanwhile, Larry had disappeared without a trace. Caspian called him every day, but his calls went answered. 
“Oh, well, he’s a grown man. What are you worried about?” Jessica said while patting his shoulder. 
“Shut up. You’re annoying,” Caspian suddenly snapped. 
Whoa, how dare he vent his frustration on me? Jessica twisted his ears and shot him a displeased look. 
“Caspian, you’re getting bolder now, eh? How dare you snap at me?” 
“Alright, alright. Um, Ms. Zimmer, I apologize for my earlier remark. Sorry.” 
Suddenly, the phone on the table rang.
###Chapter 2337
Chapter 2337 
It was a call from Larry. 
“Hurry up. It’s Larry. Answer it,” Jessica exclaimed as she tossed the phone to Caspian. 
“Hello, Larry, can you hear me? Where are you? Are you doing well? Do you need my help?” His string of questions touched Larry. 
Bromance is probably the only constant in this world. 
“I’m fine. I need your help to keep an eye on Norton Corporation and report to me should anything happen. Don’t worry, I’ll be back soon.” The line went dead. 
“Hello? Larry? Are you still there? You’re done but I’m not!” 
Caspian was fuming as he stared at his phone. 
He simply wanted to make sure that Larry was doing well. To his dismay, the latter hung up on him after giving his order. 
“What did he say? What’s wrong?” Jessica nudged him. 
Without the pestering of Dustin and Caiden, Joan felt happier, even though she lost Larry. 
She learned to be optimistic. 
The thundering roar of the torrents of water gushing from the magnificent waterfall left her in awe. 
There are more beautiful things in this world than love. 
For some inexplicable reason, the majestic sight washed her worries away.
During her trip, she went to the beach, climbed mountains, watched the sunset and sunrise, rode a bicycle, held stray cats and dogs on the side of the road, and ate local delicacies. Every minute was a bliss. 
She had been wanting to travel on her own for a long time, but she pushed her desire aside. 
“Ah!” 
All of a sudden, a girl was heard shrieking nearby. 
Joan followed the source and saw a girl lying on the ground. With her hands over her knees, she seemed in pain. 
“Are you okay?” Joan tried to help her up, but the girl was too weak to stand. 
Therefore, she scooped the latter in her arms. 
“Will you feel tired carrying me like this?” the girl suddenly asked. 
Although it was a simple question, Joan was moved. 
“I’ll be fine. Where are your parents?” 
“I came here by myself.” 
Joan was stunned. 
She looks to be about fifteen or sixteen years old, but she’s traveling alone? 
“Doc, she’s hurt. Please dress her wound,” Joan shouted while placing the girl on the bed in the hospital.
She was relieved to hear that it was not a serious injury. A typical teenager would cry from the pain, but this girl merely knitted her brows in silence. 
“If it hurts, just cry. You’ll feel better,” Joan reminded her in a soft voice. 
“It doesn’t hurt at all,” the girl assured with a smile. 
What a strong child! It suddenly reminded Joan of her son. 
What would Lucius do if he finds out about my divorce from Larry? Will he be as strong and optimistic as this girl? 
“Why are you traveling alone?” the girl asked curiously. 
“What about you?” Joan retorted after a moment of hesitation. 
The girl instantly blushed. 
“I wanted to forget someone.”
###Chapter 2338
Chapter 2338 
She’s in love at such an early age? I can’t believe it! Joan was intrigued. 
“Would you like to tell me your story?” she asked while brushing the girl’s hair. 
“Yeah.” 
After leaving the hospital, Joan brought the girl to her hotel after they decided to be travel buddies. 
“Tell me, is he your first love?” the adult teased. 
“Yes. He’s outstanding, handsome and tall…” 
It looks like this girl has fallen in love, hasn’t she? Joan smiled. 
She wouldn’t encourage puppy love. However, the experience could be a source of motivation for some. 
The two of them got along well. During the trip, Joan seemed to put the unpleasant things behind her as they chatted and joked around. 
“What did you say? Joan’s disappeared?” Caiden shouted into his phone in the living room. “Why didn’t you tell me earlier?” 
Jaden, who was on the other end of the line, was displeased with his attitude. 
How could he pin the blame on me? Besides, I learned about Joan’s departure from a friend by chance. 
“So? Where is she?” Caiden asked anxiously.
“I don’t know.” The line went dead. 
I must find out what is going on! Caiden took his jacket and ran out. 
“Ms. Young, open the door!” He pounded on the door. 
In the room, Delilah rubbed her eyes, feeling a little groggy. 
“Who’s there?” She yawned and put on a jacket. 
“Ms. Young, it’s me. Open the door!” 
Caiden? Why is he here in the middle of the night? Delilah furrowed her brow in displeasure. 
“Are you wake the whole neighborhood? What do you want?” 
As soon as Delilah opened the door, he barged in to search for Joan. 
He went from room to room, including the bathroom and kitchen, but she was nowhere to be found. 
She’s gone. 
Delilah instantly knew his motive for coming. 
“Joan’s left. You should forget her.” 
“Where is she? Ms. Young, can you please tell me?” Her arm was hurting from Caiden’s tight grip. 
He’s too obsessed! When did he become so impulsive? 
“Well, take a seat first. Let’s talk.” Delilah pointed at the sofa.
“Can we talk after you tell me where is Joan? I wanna find her.” 
So what if you can find her? She doesn’t even want to see you! Delilah cast him a disdainful look in silence. 
“Hi, do you know this person?” 
“Hi, have you seen the man in this photo?” 
“Hi, do you know where he is now?” 
With an old photo in his hand, Larry asked the passersby anxiously. 
After leaving Norton Corporation, he tried every means to find the elusive shareholder, who had disappeared for a long time. He couldn’t believe the shareholder would sell his shares to Dustin. Fortunately, he obtained an old, yellowed photo from another elderly shareholder after much hassle. 
“Sorry. I don’t know him.” 
“I’ve never seen him. Sorry.” 
“No, you should look for him elsewhere.” 
He gradually became disheartened. 
How am I supposed to find him with just an old photo? Where should I start?
###Chapter 2339
Chapter 2339 
It was getting colder. Larry could not help but shiver when a gust of wind blew past him. Watching the dazzling headlights from the stream of vehicles, he was suddenly filled with a sense of helplessness. 
“Sir, do you want some candy?” a boy offered. 
Squatting down slowly, Larry looked at the boy seriously. 
“You can have it. I’m not hungry.” He smiled for fear of scaring the boy. 
“Are you sad? When my mom’s sad, she’ll get Dad to tell her a story. You can call your partner and ask her to tell you a story. Then you won’t be sad anymore,” the boy suggested playfully. 
Although it was some nonsensical words of a kid, Larry felt sad. 
My partner? She’s lost. I wonder if she’s lost her way, or if I lost her. 
“Sure. You need to be a good boy at home, okay?” Larry smiled while patting the boy’s head. 
“I’ve always been good. My grandma said that I can only marry a good girl in the future if I’m good.” 
The conversation warmed Larry. 
“Baby, what are you doing? Come, we’re going home!” a woman shouted. 
“Coming,” replied the boy. 
Then he reminded Larry, “Mister, don’t forget to call your partner and ask her to tell you a story. Otherwise, you’ll be very cold.” 
The latter smiled when he saw the boy turned around and made a funny face.
Afterward, he pulled out his phone and launched his contact list. 
He finally convinced himself to dial Joan’s number after a long hesitation. 
“Joan, your phone’s ringing!” the girl, who was on the bed, shouted in the bathroom’s direction. 
“Who is it?” 
“Larry!” 
Suddenly, the water ceased running in the bathroom. The next second, Joan ran out wrapped in a bath towel, took the phone, and went back to the bathroom. 
The girl was dumbfounded. It took her a long time before she came to her senses and burst out laughing. 
“Hello, Larry.” 
“How are you doing?” Joan nearly wept at the sound of his voice. 
How could I be fine when we’re divorced? Holding back her emotions, she tried to recompose herself. 
“I’m okay. What about you? How are you recently?” 
“I’m… okay, too,” Larry replied hesitantly. 
Well, how could he not be with Jessica by his side? A trace of disappointment appeared in Joan’s eyes. 
“Um, be careful while you travel.” 
“Okay. I got it.”
It was an awkward conversation. 
They obviously missed each other, but neither dared to say it out loud; they were obviously still in love with each other, but they refused to admit it. What was left between them was silent wistfulness. 
“Is she doing fine?” Joan blurted softly. 
Larry collected himself quickly after a dazed moment. 
“She said that she’s fine.” 
“Hey, Joan, who was that? Your boyfriend or husband?” the girl teased Joan. 
Despite her young age, she’s quite mature. 
“Alright. Hurry up and sleep,” she replied while tussling the girl’s hair. 
The next morning, Joan lay in bed as she looked at rays of morning sun and smiled. The cause of her good mood might be Larry’s call the night before. 
“Joan, are you awake?” the girl shouted from outside.
###Chapter 2340
Chapter 2340 
“Hey, you’re up early!” Joan replied. She’s never got up so early. 
After washing up, the duo went for breakfast. 
“Where do you want to go today?” Joan eyed the girl seriously. 
Since she had no preference, she would go with the girl’s choice. 
“Well, I wanna go skiing.” 
What kind of hobby is this? Joan was surprised. 
Not that she did not want to go, she found the sport dangerous. 
“Um, are you sure?” 
“Yes. I’ve long wanted to do it,” the girl affirmed while drinking her water. 
Alright. We’ll go then. Joan agreed reluctantly. 
The ski area looked deserted, probably because it was a weekday. The girl looked around and suddenly yelled at the sky, scaring Joan, who flashed her a smile. 
“Come on, Joan. Let’s ski. How about we have a match?” the girl challenged while clapping her hands. 
The terrifyingly steep slope was intimidating. 
“I don’t know how to ski, so I’ll play by myself here. You can go ahead.” Joan sounded embarrassed. 
“Uh, let me teach you first.”
At her insistence, Joan had no choice but to agree. 
I can do it! She cheered herself on. 
“Wow, Joan, you’re quite a quick-learner!” the girl exclaimed after a while. 
Joan suddenly found skiing fun, so she slowly warmed up to it. 
I can take Lucius skiing in the future. A smile of satisfaction crept across her face. 
“Alright. I’m gonna let go. Joan, you need to practice on your own, okay?” 
Joan straightened her back and mustered up the courage to give the girl a nod. 
Everything went smoothly, and she was delighted to learn the technique in no time. 
“Ah!” she suddenly shrieked and fell down. 
“Joan! Joan, are you okay? Here. Let me help you up.” The terrified girl was by her side. 
However, Joan couldn’t move a muscle as she lay in the snow. 
What’s happening? There was a trace of horror in her eyes. I can’t lift my elbow! 
“Joan, wait here! I’m calling the ambulance.” The girl immediately made a call on her phone. 
After some time, Joan arrived at the hospital. 
The doctor put her on an IV drip as she lay in bed, sound asleep. The girl sat by the bed and kept a vigil.
“You’re quite a strange pair. The adult suffers from a fracture, but the kid is fine,” a nurse muttered. The girl suddenly felt guilty. 
“Uhm…” Joan slowly opened her eyes. 
“Joan, you’re awake? How are you feeling? Are you in pain?” The girl was in tears. 
“Why are you crying? Look. I’m fine now.” Joan stroked her hair. 
What’s so fine? Your arm’s broken. The girl wept guilty. 
“Alright. Stop crying. I know that my arm’s broken. What did the doctor say? Surgery or a cast?” 
Despite her calm demeanor, Joan was on the verge of breaking down deep down. If Larry were there, she would have cried her eyes out in his arms. However, the one in front of her at this moment was just a child. 
“Joan, you hate me now, don’t you?” the girl asked. 
“Silly girl, why should I? Accidents happen. Enough with the crying. Let’s see how the doctor is going to treat me.”
###Chapter 2341
Chapter 2341 
“Help me find her! Quick!” Caiden yelled in the living room. 
Why should I? No way! 
“Go find her yourself!” Jaden replied with equal gusto. 
Last time, Caiden found Joan through the surveillance footage from the airport, but this time, she was fully prepared and did not travel by air. 
“What’s going on? Getting dumped?” Noelle suddenly scoffed as she slowly walked over. 
Jaden immediately winked at her. It was a subtle hint for her to shut up. However, she continued to gloat, “I said Joan isn’t reliable, but you just won’t trust me.” 
“Shut up!” Caiden bellowed. 
Noelle and Jaden instinctively shuddered from the shock. 
“Caiden Owens, why are you yelling at me? I didn’t drive her away. What’s with you? Geez!” Noelle complained as she walked away. 
Caiden looked out the window with a cold glint in his eyes. 
I must find her! He immediately got his phone out and made a call. 
“Gather everyone, including those in the country and abroad…” 
Meanwhile, Larry was still looking for the elusive shareholder. He would check in with Caspian occasionally to ask about Norton Corporation. He was certain Dustin would achieve nothing and
intentionally cause the company’s bankruptcy. 
“How’s it with the company?” Larry asked nonchalantly on the phone. 
“Don’t worry, Larry. Dustin hasn’t done anything yet. Everything in the company is normal,” Caspian replied firmly. 
“Okay. Thank you. Keep me posted.” 
Staring at the phone, Caspian let out a sigh. 
“How’s it? Is he doing fine?” Jessica looked concerned. 
“No idea,” Caspian replied disappointedly. 
How could he be when he had to humble himself to the passersby to inquire about the shareholder? He had to act alone to avoid Dustin’s detection. 
“Joan, do you want to contact your family?” the girl asked as she looked at the patient. 
No, I can’t let Ms. Young know. She’d be worried. Joan shook her head. 
“But you need to undergo surgery. I’m scared something would happen.” 
The person Joan wanted to see the most was Larry. 
“It’s okay. I’ll recuperate here and go back later.” There was uncertainty in her voice. 
At this moment, she yearned for Larry’s love and embrace, but it was over between them. 
The girl looked at the phone on the side table, seemingly thinking about something. In the end, she plucked up the courage to take Joan’s phone and walked out of the ward while the latter was asleep.
She found Larry’s number and dialed it without the slightest hesitation. 
“Hello, are you Joan’s boyfriend?” she asked politely. 
Larry was surprised at the unfamiliar voice. 
“No. I’m her… husband.” 
Joan would always be his wife. He only agreed to a divorce to protect her. 
“Um, Joan’s hurt. Can you come and see her? She’s actually terrified now,” the girl added quickly. 
Larry panicked. 
“Where are you? I’ll come right away!”
###Chapter 2342
Chapter 2342 
Larry could not bear to see Joan suffer any injustice or in pain. 
“Ah!” 
All of a sudden, Joan was shouting. The girl immediately ran up to her, looking worried. 
“What’s wrong, Joan? Are you having a nightmare?” 
“Oh, I got a scare. I thought you left. Um, now that I can’t be your travel buddy, you have to be careful.” 
“Don’t worry about me. I’ll stay with you until… you’ve recovered,” the girl declared after a moment of hesitation. 
What a good girl. Joan smiled with relief. 
It’s quite a reassurance even though Larry, Ms. Young, and Lucius are not here. 
Soon, Larry got off the plane and headed directly to the hospital. 
At the same time, Joan was flipping through a magazine. 
“Joan, if your husband suddenly comes to see you, will you feel touched?” The girl tried to sound her out. 
She merely wanted to drop Joan a hint of Larry’s unexpected appearance. As she and Larry were divorced, he had no obligation to take care of her. 
“What are you talking about? Don’t be ridiculous. Read your book,” Joan responded. 
Slightly disappointed, the girl sighed and walked out of the ward.
She has the face of a teenager, but a scheming mind of a matured woman. Smiling, Joan continued to read the magazine. 
It was three in the morning when Larry arrived at the hospital. The patient was sound asleep. 
“How’s she? Is she okay?” He didn’t bother to hide his frustration from the girl. 
“Don’t worry. She’s emotionally stable now. She’ll be okay after the surgery.” 
Walking up to the woman, Larry sat by the bed and held her hand tightly with a look of distress in his eyes. 
She’s already hospitalized in a matter of days on her trip! Larry was suddenly filled with guilt. If I hadn’t agreed to a divorce, she wouldn’t have gone on a trip and gotten injured. 
As he was engrossed in thought, he gradually closed his eyes. 
The weather was perfect the next morning. There were even a few birds chirping on the window ledge. 
After a good night’s sleep, Joan rubbed her eyes, only to see a familiar face right in front of her. 
I must be dreaming. She closed her eyes again and continued to sleep. 
After some time, she woke up again and turned to her side to get off the bed so she could stretch her body, but the familiar face was still there. 
A sudden wave of panic and anxiety gripped her. 
Is this Larry? Am I dreaming? She immediately extended her right arm and stroked his hair.
It’s true. Everything’s real. But why would he appear out of the blue? She scrutinized the man suspiciously. 
It has only been a few days, but he seems exhausted. She smoothed out his frown. 
Sensing the movement, Larry immediately opened his eyes. He looked at Joan solemnly. 
“You’re awake? Are you feeling better?” he whispered while tucking her in. 
“Don’t worry. I’m fit as a fiddle. Look!” Joan smiled as she spread out her left arm. 
She would have spread her right arm if it wasn’t fractured.
###Chapter 2343
Chapter 2343 
Larry stared at her wounded arm in agony. 
“When’s the surgery?” 
“In two days, I suppose. Why are you here?” Hope was written on her face as she looked him in the eye. 
“A girl called me. I was worried about you, so I rushed over.” Joan had a warm, fuzzy feeling in her heart. 
Although we’re divorced, we still care for each other. She was suddenly glad that their relationship had turned into friendship. 
“How are you doing recently? How’s your company?” 
Joan did not know that Norton Corporation had changed hands. Larry looked at her in surprise and curiosity. 
Dustin and Joan are close friends. She would be the first to know. Why didn’t he tell her? 
“So-so. Anyway, I’m keeping you company while you recuperate,” Larry mumbled. 
What about Jessica? Joan was a little hesitant. 
“You should go,” she mumbled and looked away. 
She could not bear to leave him, but she was afraid her selfishness would hurt Jessica. 
“Are you really so reluctant to be with me?” Larry questioned coldly.
What the hell? I wish to be with you every day! However, they were divorced, and Larry had Jessica. She did not want to be the home wrecker. 
“Larry, aren’t you afraid that Jessica will be mad if she finds out?” Joan reminded on purpose. 
To his exasperation, he realized she was still jealous of his relationship with Jessica. 
However, it also meant he still held a special place in her heart. A playful smile crept across his face. 
“So what if she finds out?” he replied nonchalantly. 
How could he think like an a**hole? Joan looked at the man in disbelief. 
“Larry, we’re divorced. No matter what we’ve gone through, it’s all in the past. It’s a history, an experience, and a lesson. We can never go back to the way things were. Since you’ve chosen to be with Jessica, you should treat her well. Regardless of what she’s done, I’ll never be a home wrecker.” Joan stood by her decision. 
Larry could not help but chuckle. 
What exactly is she thinking? A home wrecker? Rubbing his hands, he deliberated whether to explain everything to her or continue with the teasing. 
A look of playfulness flashed across his eyes. 
“Why are you laughing? How could you laugh at a time like this?” Joan was furious. 
“Joan, you still love me, don’t you?” 
The question stumped her.
What is he trying to say? Does being loved by two women fuel his sense of accomplishment? Joan sneered with disdain. Nevertheless, it was an undeniable fact that she still loved him deep down. 
“No.” She stared out the window sadly. 
What a liar! Larry was relieved. 
Was I wrong about her? He realized it had been a long time since they had a proper chat, like they did now. 
“Can you bear to be separated from me?” he asked. 
Do I have a choice? Will you come back to me? Is it possible for us to remarry? What if Jessica makes a scene? Most of the time, there are many factors to be considered for a relationship to go on. 
Joan closed her eyes, trying to recompose herself. 
“It’s all in the past. You should stop bringing it up,” she murmured.
###Chapter 2344
Chapter 2344 
No, it’s not. We clearly still love each other, so why should I let go? Their divorce was temporary because Larry thought Joan no longer loved him. Besides, he could not protect her while he was going through a crisis. After they finalized their divorce, he realized he couldn’t live without her. 
“Joan Watts, be honest. Did you really want to divorce me back then?” He pressed. 
This was no longer important to Joan. Regardless of what she wanted, the end result could not be altered. He did not persuade her to stay. 
“What’s the use of talking about this now?” she asked rhetorically. 
It’s important to me! I need to know your true feelings! 
“Joan Watts. Let me get your temperature,” a nurse suddenly walked over and said. 
Her appearance diffused the awkward atmosphere. 
“Thanks.” Joan took the thermometer and placed it under her armpit. 
“Hey, the man is so handsome. What a good-looking pair.” 
“Yeah. I’d have no regret in my life if I can get a boyfriend like this.” 
Standing at the door, several nurses kept poking their heads into Joan’s ward. 
“Are you cold? How about I buy you-” 
“No,” Joan interrupted him before he could even finish.
She still has a problem with my relationship with Jessica. But we are merely friends! Caspian loves Jessica. I couldn’t steal her from him. Moreover, I don’t love her at all! 
“Joan, you’re jealous, aren’t you?” 
Larry’s question put her on her guard. 
What now? Can he really tell that I’m jealous? Well, he can’t do anything if I kept it to myself! 
“Go away! I don’t want to see you!” she yelled suddenly. 
She’s mad! Yeah. The madder she gets, the more she cares. Larry was overjoyed by her reaction. 
“Hey, what have you done to upset Joan?” the girl suddenly emerged and asked. 
“She’s not angry. She’s obviously jealous,” Larry said purposely as he looked at the woman on the bed. 
“Larry, stop your nonsense!” Joan was livid. 
The girl was enjoying the show from the door. She decided to give Larry a hand. 
“Hey, mister, you’re actually kind of handsome.” 
“Really? Do Joan and I look good together?” 
Grinning, the girl gave him a thumbs up. 
After Larry left, it was just Joan and the girl in the ward. 
“What did he say to you just now?” Joan asked.
“Who? Are you talking about the man? Nothing much. Oh, he has an appointment with a woman this afternoon, so he probably can’t visit you.” 
He knows someone around here? Joan scrutinized the girl as she tried to judge if the latter was speaking the truth. 
“Why? You want to see him? Let me call…” 
“Don’t you dare!” Joan suddenly shouted. 
I don’t want his company! She flipped through the magazine in annoyance. There was also a trace of disappointment in her eyes. 
Who is the woman he’s seeing this afternoon? Clenching her fists, she got lost in her thoughts. 
Suddenly, her phone rang. It was a call from Caiden. 
“Are you going to answer it?” the girl prompted. 
Joan shook her head. 
“Not bad, Joan. We should always turn other men down when we have a boyfriend.” 
Joan’s refusal to answer Caiden’s call caused his anxiety to hit the roof. Looking at him, Noelle had a ruthless glint in her eyes.
###Chapter 2345
Chapter 2345 
Go to hell, Joan Watts! You stole my man. Now, he’s obsessed with you! Noelle clenched her fists in rage. 
“Joan, who exactly is this person? Why does he keep calling you?” the girl asked loudly, looking annoyed. 
“It’s okay. Don’t bother about it.” Joan seemed nervous. 
She wanted so badly to cut off all ties with Caiden, but she knew deep down that he would not let her go so easily. 
“Who called you just now?” Larry was suddenly back. 
“Caiden Owens. He wouldn’t stop calling. It’s so annoying,” the girl hurriedly replied. 
There was instantly a cold glint in Larry’s eyes. 
“Why didn’t you answer it?” He eyed the woman on the bed expectantly. 
“Not in the mood,” Joan mumbled. 
It seems that Caiden still doesn’t know about her trip. What about Dustin? 
“Here you go. It’s meatloaf, your favorite. I bought it specially for you.” Larry placed the meatloaf in front of Joan. 
Joan dug in happily.
“It’s been a long time since I had meatloaf.” She closed her eyes in satisfaction as she savored every bite. 
She could remember she last ate the dish with Nancy. Nancy is about to give birth, and I’m lying on the hospital bed waiting for my surgery. 
“Does it taste good? Do you want me to get another one for you?” Larry asked tentatively. 
“Um, it’s quite tasty.” 
She was already grateful that he even thought of buying her some meatloaf. 
“Where’s mine? How could you forget my share?” the girl chimed in. 
“How could I forget? Here you go. This is your favorite.” Larry placed the dessert in front of the girl, who then guffawed excitedly. 
“Joan, I think he’s not bad. You might want to consider a reconciliation?” Her question left Joan stunned. 
How did this girl know about us? She shot the girl a curious look. 
“I told her.” The admission came from Larry. 
So that’s why she has adopted a more casual attitude recently. 
“Joan, I thought we were friends. I’ve told you everything, but you revealed nothing to me,” the girl complained like a spoiled child. 
Why do I have the impression that I’m obligated to share every detail about myself with her? 
“It’s not very important. Why should I tell you?” Joan explained with an awkward smile.
“Fine. I should see myself out so as not to disturb the two of you.” And she left. 
Suddenly, the atmosphere in the ward became awkward. 
“Um… have you eaten?” Joan muttered with her head down. 
“No.” 
Huh? Joan looked up at Larry in silence instead of speaking her mind. 
Forget it. Why show concern for him? He already has someone to do that. 
“Don’t you have anything to say to me?” Larry cut to the chase after another prolonged silence. 
What else is there to say? We’re already divorced. Joan shook her head. 
Doesn’t she want to know about me and Jessica? Why won’t she ask me? Larry cast Joan a doubtful eye, as though he was expecting something from her. 
“Really?” 
“Um, shouldn’t you be calling Jessica? She’d be worried,” Joan answered. 
That’s it? Her words seemed to rile him.
###Chapter 2346
Chapter 2346 
“Alright.” Larry pulled out his phone and called Jessica. 
Joan was taken aback by his action. I didn’t think he would call her right in front of me. 
Is he planning to show me how lovey-dovey they are? She thought it was quite ironic. 
Larry, you’re crossing the line here! Joan stared out the window as she sipped on her drink. 
“Hello, Larry. It’s rare for you to call me,” Jessica said. 
“Actually, I was acting on someone’s wish.” Larry stole a glance at the patient. 
What is he playing at? Why couldn’t he just spit it out? Joan could feel her rage rising. 
“Who wanted you to call me. Why me?” Jessica probed. 
“Nothing much. Just wondering how you’ve been lately? How’s Caspian?” 
“He’s doing great, just busy. And he lost a ton of weight running your errands,” she muttered unhappily. 
Larry talked to Jessica for quite a while in front of Joan, who was surprised by the lack of intimacy in their conversation. 
“What? You’re in the hospital? What happened? Are you hurt? Tell me the address. I’ll be there as soon as I can.” Jessica almost hung up the phone. 
“It’s not me. It’s Joan. She suffered a small injury to her arm. But don’t worry, it’s not severe.” 
Jessica would’ve made a big deal out of it if she knew Joan fractured her arm.
“You met with Joan? Wow! Larry, I’m impressed with your thoughtfulness and initiative.” 
The call was on speaker, so Joan heard everything. 
“No. He was merely passing by.” She cleared the air immediately. 
It doesn’t matter to me if he has a new girlfriend. I’m still going to draw the line between us. 
“Oh, I see. Then Larry, please take care of Joan. Call me if you need anything. Caspian is doing great. Nothing in the company escapes him,” Jessica chuckled. 
He believed in Caspian’s capability and honesty, else the latter wouldn’t have followed his lead. There was a glint of sadness in his eyes. 
“Did something happen within the company?” Joan questioned. 
“It’s nothing to worry about. Just focus on your surgery. I’ll be right here with you,” Larry answered. 
“You have a call from Ms. Young.” He handed the phone to her. 
Flustered, Joan glanced at the phone number on the screen. 
What should I do? Ms. Young wouldn’t know about it, would she? Her brows knitted into a frown. 
“I didn’t tell Ms. Young about your injury,” Larry assured softly. 
“Hello, Ms. Young,” Joan greeted. 
“Ms. Young? This is Caiden. Joan, why didn’t you answer my calls?” he demanded. 
I called her almost every day, and she didn’t even pick up once. When I used Delilah’s phone to call her, she answered right away. She’s obviously avoiding me.
“I didn’t notice any of your missed calls. Well, I’ve picked up now, didn’t I?” Joan murmured. 
Caiden’s temper sparked, but he kept it in check because he wanted to talk to her peacefully. 
“Where are you right now?” 
He was dying to see her. 
“There’s something I have to handle outside. What’s going on? Why’re you looking for me?”
###Chapter 2347
Chapter 2347 
Why else would I call her if I weren’t looking for her? 
“I miss you,” Caiden said. His tone low with a tinge of insecurity. 
It was rare for him to speak such sweet words to Joan because she didn’t allow him to. However, nothing could stop him from wooing her after her divorce. 
“Caiden, I remember telling you clearly that I only see you as a course mate and savior, nothing else,” Joan stressed. 
Larry, who heard everything at the side, couldn’t help his lips from quirking into a smile. 
There’s really nothing going on with Joan and Caiden? Larry eyed Joan dubiously. But I saw them traveling together and were intimate. 
Was I wrong? Larry felt guilty about his treatment of her. 
“What do you want? Will you let me go if I disappear from this world?” Joan yelled angrily into the phone. 
There was a tense and long silence. 
Caiden didn’t expect her to say such ruthless words. 
“Joan, do you really hate me that much?” he asked slowly. 
Caiden was a fine guy who could have any woman he wanted as his girlfriend. Yet, there was one thing that Joan disliked about him. There were times when he was too stubborn, especially with relationships.
She explained to him many times that they weren’t suitable for each other, but it fell on deaf ears. 
“Caiden, if you’re willing, we can be great friends. Otherwise, don’t call me again. I’m sick of it,” Joan uttered with bitterness as she glanced at her immobile arm. 
She was truly upset about the fracture. Yet, she forced a brave front because she didn’t want any sympathy from Larry. 
Hope rose in the man’s heart as he looked at Joan. 
“Joan, I don’t want to be your friend. I want to marry you.” Caiden refused to give up. 
This condescending man! Has he lost his mind? Why is he spouting such nonsense? He knew we could never be together, even if my divorce. So why is he so stubborn? Joan clenched her fists as her eyes filled with sadness. 
“If you persist, it would be best if we stop all contact. Period.” Joan ended the call. 
So Joan has never given Caiden any hope all these while. Relieved, Larry approached Joan slowly. Everything was clear. 
“Is it true that nothing happened between you and Caiden?” he queried gently. 
Joan turned around to look at him. She wanted to say something, but she couldn’t find the right words. 
Is there any point in discussing this further? She sneered at that thought. 
“Joan, how did we get here?” Larry asked. 
This is a good question that requires deep thinking. We lack mutual trust.
“We still have feelings for each other, don’t we?” he continued. 
So? What does he want? A reconciliation? Joan sipped her tea to calm her nerves. 
“Ms. Watts!” Suddenly, Abigail came rushing into her room, giving her the fright of her life. 
“Sorry about that. I didn’t mean to get in between your date. I’ll just head out. Holler me when you guys are done, then I’ll come back in.” She left the room.
###Chapter 2348
Chapter 2348 
“Hey, we’re done here!” Joan yelled loudly. 
“That was quick? The doctor said your surgery is scheduled on the next Sunday.” 
Joan shuddered at the news. She was terrified of surgeries. Something might go wrong during the procedure. And she didn’t want to leave Larry, Delilah, Lucius, and her travel buddy, Abigail. She sniffled at the depressing thought. 
“Everything will be fine. I’m here with you.” Larry clasped her hand in his. 
Her fear propelled him to halt his search for the long-lost shareholder of Norton Corporation and kept her company. 
“Larry, I…” she stuttered with a pained expression. 
Abigail slipped out of the room and gently shut the door behind her. She knew they needed to be alone. 
Larry sat on the bed and wrapped his arms around Joan to offer her some warmth and comfort. 
“Come now. Don’t scare yourself. You’ll be fine.” He patted her back gently. 
Really? Will my surgery really go smoothly? 
Joan stared at him solemnly. 
“Larry, whatever happens in the future, take good care of Ms. Young, Lucius, and… yourself… You are the most important people in my life.” 
These are my last words.
Larry pinched her cheeks with glee in his eyes. She still cares about me! 
“What you’re talking about? Everything’ll be fine. Like I said, I’ll be right here by your side, so just leave everything to me.” Larry tightened his grasp on her hand. 
Who could predict the future? I might lose my life during the procedure. 
“Larry, what happens… if… I die?” Joan wept. 
Silly girl! She keeps scaring herself over a minor surgery to fix her fracture. 
“Joan, don’t say such things. I don’t allow it. I’ve told you that nothing bad will happen to you.” Larry fixed his gaze determinedly at her. 
His words were the greatest encouragement. 
“Larry, tell me. Did you divorce me because you don’t love me anymore?” 
What kind of question is this? When have I stopped loving her? I will only love her in this life. 
“Then do you still love me?” Larry retorted with another question. 
“I asked you first, answer me!” she scolded. 
“Alright, stop yelling. Quickly, ready yourself. The doctor has rescheduled your surgery to today,” a nurse said as she entered. 
The fear in Joan intensified. She wrapped her arms tightly around Larry’s waist with no intention of letting go. 
“Alright. You should get ready.” Larry patted her shoulder.
But I don’t want to be pushed into the operating theater. Her eyes were brimming with tears. 
Joan dragged her feet by chatting with Larry for quite a while. Finally, she was wheeled out of her ward into the operating theater. 
“Joan, be strong. Everything will be fine. It’s just a minor surgery,” Abigail comforted gently. 
“You’re right.” Joan ruffled her head. 
The surgeons were busy in the operating theater. Larry paced nervously along the hallway while Abigail stared intently at the doors of the operating theater. 
The red light above the doors was on for a long time. What was supposed to be a minor procedure seemed to take forever on this day. 
“Larry, is there a complication?” Abigail worried.
###Chapter 2349
Chapter 2349 
“Of course not. Don’t worry. She will get through this,” Larry answered slowly. 
Finally, the red light was turned off. 
The surgeon panted as he removed his surgical mask. He looked exhausted. 
“Doctor, how’s my wife? Is everything alright?” Larry immediately grabbed the surgeon’s arm. 
“There was a small incident during the procedure, but she’s fine now.” 
Larry let out a sigh of relief. 
Shortly after, Joan was wheeled into the ward. 
Larry’s heart ached when he saw how pale and haggard she was. 
“Larry, Joan will be fine. The surgery went smoothly.” Abigail pointed at Joan. 
The corners of Larry’s mouth curled into a smile at the knowledge. 
I hope she will take good care of herself and stay safe no matter where she is. 
“Larry…” Joan was struggling to open her eyes. 
“Joan, I’m right here.” He placed his hand on her arm to assure her. 
“Did I scare you? Don’t worry. I’m feeling fine,” she chuckled. 
It was the most terrifying ordeal for Larry. The duration of the procedure was extended for another thirty minutes, he was knew something bad had happened to her.
“Exactly. You’re fine now, so rest well,” he repeated. 
“Ms. Young, please tell me. I really miss Joan.” Caiden was pestering Delilah in her living room. 
This b*stard! Why is he so stubborn? Delilah ignored him. 
“Ms. Young, I won’t leave until you tell me.” 
It looks like he is stepping up his game. Delilah stomped angrily towards him. 
“Caiden Owens, I want you to be clear on one thing. The person you’re looking for is Joan, not me. You should leave since she’s obviously not here. I don’t know where she is, so leave me alone!” 
Delilah was ruthless, but she spoke the truth. 
“Impossible. Ms. Young, you’re very close to Joan. How could she not tell you her itinerary?” 
“I know she wanted a change of scenery, but I really don’t know where she went or who she went with.” Delilah left the living room. 
I’m just going to ignore him. He won’t listen to me anyway. 
“Hey, Caiden. When are you coming back? Don’t you want this house anymore? Your mom’s waiting to see you,” Jaden said over the phone. 
“I’m busy, so I can’t go back right now.” 
Busy dating? Or busy looking for that woman? What a joke! He ignores his mother but cares so deeply for a woman he didn’t even know well. 
“Let me talk to him,” Vivien said to Jaden.
“Your mom wants to talk to you.” 
“Caiden, please come back. I haven’t seen you in ages.” Her voice was trembling. 
Caiden didn’t even visit her at the hospital when she was sick. She couldn’t just ignore her son, despite her disappointment. 
“If there’s nothing else, I’ll be hanging up.” 
“Don’t! Caiden, listen to me. I know Joan is a kind woman. If you really love her, you have my blessings. At least bring her back home and let us see her. Your dad almost got sick, missing you.”
###Chapter 2350
Chapter 2350 
Vivian’s speech was so touching and smooth. However, it all sounded emotionlessly to Caiden. 
“We don’t mind Joan’s background, status, or her past. As long as you’re happy…” 
Before Vivian could finish, Caiden had ended the call. 
The surgery was a success. All Joan had to do was recuperate. Larry put a hold on his tasks to focus on her recovery. 
“Maybe you should leave. Don’t waste your time here,” she blurted. 
Why is she suddenly saying this? Larry eyed her with puzzlement. 
“We’ve already divorced. I don’t want to invite gossip,” she continued stubbornly. 
He understood her concerns, but they were still in love with each other. Frustrated, he clenched his fists tightly by his sides. 
“Larry, you have your own life, and I have mine. There’s a woman in need of your care and protection, so don’t look for me ever again.” 
What a load of bull! The woman I have to protect and care for is you! He was livid. 
Whatever. She just finished surgery. It’s best not to fight with her. His gaze softened at the thought. 
“Stop talking. I want you to concentrate on your recovery. Can you do that?” 
There was much respect in his voice, with an underlying doting tone. 
“But Jessica…”
How did Jessica get involved in this? Larry tilted his head curiously. Why must she talk about Jessica every time? Is her self-esteem that low? Larry sneered. 
“What kind of relationship do you think I have with Jessica?” he questioned somberly. 
Is he crazy? Anger stirred within Joan. 
“Your relationship is none of my business,” she retorted. 
I’m already in a foul mood, and now he’s pissing me off! 
“Stop. Just remember that I have never done anything to betray your trust,” assured Larry as he played with her hair. 
Is that so? She gazed at him with disdain. 
Does he take me for a fool who is incapable of discerning the intimacy in that photo? She averted her gaze and shut her eyes to detach herself from the world. 
Larry slowly rose and walked out of the ward to let her rest. 
“Larry, did you make Joan angry again?” Abigail demanded loudly as she ran towards him. 
How does she know everything? Her knowledge surprised Larry. 
“Let me tell you. Women are a sensitive species. Coax her, or regret it when she leaves you for another,” taunted Abigail. 
How does she know so much about relationships? It’s really amazing since she’s not even eighteen. 
“Don’t underestimate me. I have my own experience.”
It’s too obvious from her comments. She has fallen in love before or is currently dating someone. 
“Tell me then. How should I coax her?” inquired Larry. 
“Larry, you’re such a dork. How could you ask me point-blank?” Abigail pouted unhappily. 
Larry blinked his eyes as he pondered her words. 
“Alright. I know where the problem is. There is a misunderstanding between you and Joan. And it’s not a small one at that. You have to move her with your actions. My father would always yield no matter who started the fight.”
###Chapter 2351
Chapter 2351 
Realization dawned on Larry. 
Ah, that’s right. Women already have it rough. If I can’t give her the security, how can she be happy? Guilt suddenly overwhelmed him as he placidly replied, “Understood.” 
“Also, I really think you should explain things to her. Otherwise, the situation will just get worse,” the girl reminded. 
Wow, a relationship advisor. Larry was impressed. 
In the meantime, Joan still had her eyes closed as she massaged her temple to calm herself down. 
“Joan, look what I bought you!” The girl stormed into the ward. 
Joan immediately flipped her body to look at the girl, who had made her smile. 
“Here, that is yours, and this is mine.” 
Joan hesitated at the sight of the sliced cake. 
Should I eat it? Won’t it make me fat? Will Larry be disgusted with my weight gain? 
Of course, the girl noticed her hesitation and knew what was bugging her. 
“Just dig in. This is not the time to worry about your weight. Weren’t you craving for a slice of cake last night?” 
That was true, but Joan didn’t expect the girl to buy her one, though, and she certainly did not think she would still care about Larry’s opinion regarding her body.
I must be losing my mind. She shook her head vigorously to clear her thoughts. 
Unbeknownst to her, Larry had bought the cake. 
Meanwhile, in the supermarket, Dustin, who was a bit worn out, flipped through a document listlessly in his office. He had been searching for Joan, to no avail. That got him anxious. 
“Mr. Silverman, let’s go!” an employee called out. 
Go where? Dustin turned to the woman in confusion. 
“Have you forgotten about our gathering today?” 
Dustin once told the employees they would have a gathering on the second Sunday of every month to reward them for their hard work and boost morale. 
“Go ahead. I’m not joining you. The meal is still on me, though.” 
“What? No! I’m already here for you. If you don’t join us, the gathering won’t mean much!” 
“Then just cancel it!” shouted the man, clearly annoyed. 
“What’s going on with you, Mr. Silverman? You seem moody.” 
“I’m not sure, but I think it has something to do with Joan.” 
“Oh, yeah. She hasn’t come to work for some time now.” 
Puzzled, the nearby employees gossiped among themselves before deciding to leave on a sour note. 
All of them guessed Dustin would cancel every gathering in the upcoming months.
On the other hand, Larry had cared for Joan in the hospital for a while. The man had no intention of leaving, which flustered Joan. She didn’t want to come between him and Jessica. 
“What are you worried about?” asked Larry as he hugged her tightly. 
“My safety.” 
What an odd answer. Who the hell would threaten her? Larry waited for her to elaborate. 
“Larry, we’re no longer married. Instead of wasting your time by my side, you should get back to Jessica and move on with your new life.” 
Oh. So that’s bothering her. The man tightened his arms around her. 
“Jessica is not my woman. You are.” With that, he leaned down and gave Joan a brief kiss.
###Chapter 2352
Chapter 2352 
Has he gone mad? Joan struggled to free herself from him, but he refused to let go. Even so, she kept going. 
“Let me go, Larry! Now!” 
“No!” 
“Larry, you unfaithful b*stard! How could you do this to me when you already have a girlfriend?” she shouted furiously. 
His mood immediately dampened. 
Did she just swear at me? Getting bolder now, are we? 
“Let me go!” Joan used every ounce of her strength to push the man away. 
“Mmph…” 
Larry captured her lips with his own, and gradually inserted his tongue into her mouth as the kiss got rougher by the second. Soon, the woman subconsciously reciprocated. 
When the kiss ended, she was gasping for air. Larry cradled her face affectionately with a mixture of reluctance and sadness. 
“Joan, can’t we get back together?” He planted a kiss on her neck. 
His deep voice weakened the woman, but she quickly regained her composure and shook her head. 
“No, we can’t.”
“Why not? Obviously, we still love each other. Don’t deny it, Joan, because the kiss earlier is proof.” Larry whispered as he stroked her hair with his right hand. 
But… what about Jessica? Joan closed her eyes and took a deep breath to suppress her feelings. 
I will never allow myself to be someone’s mistress! 
“Leave, Larry, and don’t come to me anymore.” She turned her face away, refusing to look at the man any longer. 
He tried to figure out why she was avoiding him that badly. Why can’t she just face her true feelings? He clenched his fists tightly, feeling forlorn. 
“I’ve already told you that nothing’s happening between Jessica and me. We’re merely business partners; we treat each other as nothing more than siblings. The person I truly love is you,” he explained. 
Maybe she would have believed him before the divorce. Unfortunately, everything was a tad too late now. 
“Why won’t you believe me, Joan? Since you’re so suspicious of Jessica and me, let me ask you this. What about you and Dustin? What’s going on between you two? He has been waiting for you before and after our marriage.” 
His question caught Joan off guard, but she composed herself in no time by letting out a sneer. 
So he has his doubts too. What a joke! I have already cleared the air at that time. Who would’ve thought that he’s still suspicious of me? 
“You’ve always been suspecting me, is that right?”
“No. I was doubtful when you went into a hotel room with him,” he replied remorsefully. 
Even though he was sure Joan would never do something out of line, his imagination would still run wild at times. 
“Leave! Get the hell out of here!” Her face twisted in anger. 
Larry shuddered. 
“You better leave now, Larry. There’s no saying what I will do if you don’t.” Her warning sent shivers down his spine. 
With that, he left the ward.
###Chapter 2353
Chapter 2353 
How did things get like this? I came to explain about Jessica and me, yet she drove me out. 
“Uh…” 
Suddenly, he felt sick. 
Sh*t, it must be the gastritis. Larry clutched his stomach in pain as he leaned against the wall to relieve the pain. 
“Larry, are you okay? Are you feeling sick anywhere?” The girl stumbled upon him. 
She turned around to find get help, but he stopped her. “Wait! Don’t tell Joan about this.” he said. 
Seriously? The girl shook her head before leaving the scene. 
“Mr. Norton, your digestive system isn’t that good. Are you taking any medication?” the doctor asked as he looked at Larry worriedly. 
It was a chronic ailment that was unknown to Joan. Moreover, the drinking and chain-smoking during their fallout worsened his condition. 
“I did. I just forgot to bring the pills with me on this trip,” he answered with embarrassment. It pained the girl to see him in agony. 
“I’ll write you a prescription. Take them on time, or else you’ll trigger other illnesses.” The doctor left to arrange for his medication. 
“How could you fall ill, Larry? How am I gonna entrust Joan to you when you can’t even take care of yourself?” teased the girl.
This brat… Larry looked at her, a small smile plastered across his face. 
“Fine. Go on. Keep mocking me.” He eyed her with dissatisfaction. 
“I was joking. Anyway, I hope you get well soon because I won’t be taking care of your wife for you.” 
After a while, in Joan’s ward. “What? Larry fainted?” 
“Yes. Why do you sound so shocked? I thought you don’t care about him?” the girl retorted. 
When did I say that? Larry was the first man Joan had fallen in love with, and he probably would be the only man she would ever love. How could she not care about him? 
“How is he now? Is he okay?” 
“I heard he’s had it for quite some time now. His digestive system isn’t that good. I believe it has something to do with his mood. He also hasn’t been eating much lately.” 
Could it be my fault? Have I upset him too much? Joan felt a bit guilty. I have to see him! 
“Let’s go see him,” she announced, already trying to get out of bed. 
“Wait, no. He has specifically instructed me not to tell you. Won’t I be deemed as a traitor if you see him now? Let’s do that after a few days.” The girl patted Joan’s shoulder. 
Truthfully, there was no need to wait for days because Larry definitely would worry if he didn’t see her. 
“What are you two talking about? You seem thrilled,” His voice suddenly rang as he entered the ward, pretending to be healthy.
“Oh, you’re here. I’ll take my leave.” The girl turned to leave, fearing Joan would expose her. Before that happens, I better scram first! 
She strode past Larry with a cheeky smile and shut the door. 
“Um, where were you?” Joan feigned ignorance. 
“I went to have lunch ’cause I was hungry.” He stroked his stomach. 
Knowing what he was hiding from her, Joan’s heart ached as she observed him. 
“I see. Are you full now?” 
“Yeah. What about you? Are you hungry? Do you want me to buy food for you?”
###Chapter 2354
Chapter 2354 
“I’m not hungry. You should rest.” Joan didn’t want to tire Larry when he was already sick. 
“Let me know if you need anything. I won’t be going anywhere.” 
The pain suddenly attacked him again. Larry immediately turned around to head to the sofa on the side. 
“What’s wrong? Are you okay?” questioned Joan in panic. Her eyes filled with concern. 
“Yeah. Maybe I ate too much. I feel bloated.” 
This idiot. Why is he hiding that from me?! Doesn’t he know how worried I am? 
“Larry, I think it’s best if you went home.” 
Maybe his mood and appetite will improve if I’m not around him. 
“You really want me to leave that badly, huh?” he remarked coolly. 
I’m doing this for your own good! 
“That’s right. I don’t want to see your face. I hate you. Leave and never show yourself before me ever again.” 
Joan did it to lessen Larry’s suffering.. 
It never occurred to her that he would suffer even more without her by his side. 
“Are you really that disgusted that I’m right here with you?”
“No sh*t!” she spat. 
Very well. Larry slowly got up to leave with his hand still clutching his stomach. 
Given his fragile state, Joan could tell his pain was worsening with his every move. She berated herself for her cruelty. 
I’m sorry, Larry. Your health is more important than our relationship. Please forgive me for doing this. 
She clamped her eyes shut. Damn, this hurts so much. 
As expected, Larry left the next day. 
Now that they were alone, the girl threw Joan curious glances while peeling an apple. She seemed hesitant to strike a conversation. 
“What is it?” 
“Um, why did Larry suddenly leave? He didn’t say goodbye.” 
The girl guessed Joan had chased him out, but she had to be sure. 
“He has a matter to attend to.” 
I don’t think it’s that simple. The girl pursed her lips and shook her head with a sigh. 
Emotions were unfathomable. No one could escape the effects of its chemical reaction. 
“You know, I’m really envy the two of you,” uttered the girl. 
Joan snorted and evaded eye contact.
What’s there to be envious of? How we got divorced? His womanizing ways? Or how I’m lying on a hospital bed with a fracture? 
“But hey, I have a feeling you and Larry will remarry in the future,” stated the girl playfully. 
How did she know we were married? I don’t recall telling her anything regarding this. 
Naturally, Larry fed her that piece of information so she could help him reconcile with Joan. He hoped the girl could persuade Joan to rethink their relationship with her intelligence and logical reasoning. 
“What are you talking about? You’re too young for this nonsense.” Although her prediction was annoying, it gave Joan unexpected ray of hope. 
Do we still stand a chance, though? She shook her head and sighed as a wave of sadness swept through her. 
“Joan, you both are clearly a match made in heaven. Why can’t you just talk things out sensibly? I really don’t understand how adults’ minds work.”
###Chapter 2355
Chapter 2355 
“You shouldn’t think about this too much. Our relationship is complicated.” 
Hmm… fine. I’ll zip my mouth. The girl pouted as disappointment filled her eyes. 
In the meantime, Larry had been in an awful mood ever since leaving the hospital. However, he resumed his search for the missing shareholder instead of going home. 
His phone rang. It was the girl from the hospital. “Hello? Where are you, Larry?” 
“I have something to do. Why?” He was still furious with Joan. 
“Larry, can you stop being mad at Joan? I can tell that she still loves you. She just doesn’t want to admit it.” 
Thank you for this, girl. He sighed. 
All he wanted was to reconcile with Joan. 
The search for the missing shareholder proved impossible without a lead. Still, Larry refused to give up. 
After a while, his phone rang again. “Larry, when will you be back?” Caspian asked anxiously. 
Thay hadn’t seen each other in a while. It was only natural for his buddy to be worried. Caspian considered dropping everything for Larry. Unfortunately, he was bound by responsibilities regarding the development of Norton Corporation. 
“It’s still uncertain. Did something happen in the company?” Larry hurriedly questioned. 
“No, no. I’m just concerned about you, is all.”
They had been buddies for many years. It was the first solo trip for Larry. 
“Relax. Everything’s fine here. I’m all right.” 
They ended the call after a brief conversation. In the end, Larry did not tell Caspian his exact location. 
Jessica was also eager to see Larry. “Let’s go find him. I’ll book the tickets. Did he tell you where he is? “ 
She, too, was worried about him. 
“No. Judging from his voice, everything seems fine,” replied Caspian. “Hey, why are you so worried about him? Are you still in love with him?” He sounded jealous. 
Huh. Why is he still thinking about this? Jessica scrutinized Caspian as a coy smile tugged on the corner of her lips. 
Should I play along? 
“Yeah. I mean, Larry is such a charming man. I totally can’t resist how I feel about him.” She fiddled with her fingers. 
Caspian’s expression darkened instantly. This woman is so fickle. She said she would treat Larry like a brother, but now she suddenly has a change of mind? 
“Whatever.” He turned to leave the office. 
“Where are you going?” Jessica immediately ran past him to block his way. 
“To meet my girlfriend!”
She froze. Are my ears playing tricks on me? He has a girlfriend? When? Is she pretty? 
“I’m going too!” she stated. 
“For what?” The man stared at her disdainfully. 
“To find myself a boyfriend, of course.” Is she out of her mind? Does she think it’d be that easy? Caspian stared at her, baffled and livid. 
“What’s up with you? Quit glaring at me. I’m not allowed to have a partner, but you are? What even…” 
“No. I’m not going anymore, so you don’t have to go too.” said Caspian, trying to persuade the woman. 
What the hell. Who is he to decide? 
“Nah. You stay. I can go alone,” she replied and was about to leave. 
“Wha- Hey! Get back here!” He pulled her into his arms.
###Chapter 2356
Chapter 2356 
Silence fell and time stood still instantly. Jessica could hear Caspian’s racing heartbeat through his jacket. 
“Fine, I won’t. You can let me go now,” she said meekly. 
“Oh, sorry about that.” He released her immediately. 
Without another word, they left. 
At an alleyway, Larry stopped random passersby for the slightest clue about the shareholder. 
An old lady approached him slowly. “Young man, don’t waste your time here. I suggest you go to the police.” 
Larry knew it was pointless. That picture was the only lead. 
“Thanks, but I’ll keep asking.” Then he turned to leave. 
“Hey, wait!” She stopped him. “Based on your description, the man you’re looking for is an elderly. You see, older people prefer a quiet environment, but there are too many new districts in this city. If you insist, try your luck in the old neighborhoods.” 
“Okay. Thanks, Granny.” She was right. He certainly overlooked an important lead. 
Back in Norton Corporation, Dustin seemed busy in his office. He tapped away at the keyboard as he fixed his gaze on the monitor and ignored the ringing phone. After he typed the last words, he finally answered the call. 
“What?” he asked nonchalantly.
He hadn’t smiled in ages. 
“What’s with that response? You sound moody,” Jory said. 
Dustin had been in low spirits ever since Joan left. 
“What do you need from me?” he asked. 
“I’m calling to tell you that Nancy has given birth to a daughter. There’ll be a party to welcome the baby. Join us,” she effused. 
“Seriously?” He sounded surprised. 
“What has gotten into you? It is nothing to be surprised about.” 
Dustin massaged his temples and tried to compose himself. 
He learned how cruel the world could be. Most of his friends were married and blessed with children, but he was still single. 
“Fine. I got it. Call me again nearer to the date,” he muttered. 
“Okay. I’m telling you in advance because I know you have a busy schedule as President of Norton Corporation.” 
After some chit-chat, they hang up. 
Joan, where exactly are you? When can I make you my woman? Dustin squinted out the window forlornly. 
“You gave birth? Really? Is it a boy or girl?” Caspian gushed.
“Hey, slow down. It’s a girl,” Nancy replied with a big smile and a kiss on her daughter’s forehead. 
She was glad to have a daughter to bond with. 
“Now, tell me. What do you want for a gift?” Caspian could barely contain his excitement. 
“Gosh. We are buddies. You don’t have to stand on ceremony,” she pointed out. 
“Save it. Isn’t that why you’re calling me? Skip the pretense and spit it out.” 
“Fine. Since you’re feeling generous, get my daughter a thick gold chain.” Nancy laughed. 
Shortly after she ended the call with Caspian, her phone rang again. “Hi, Dustin. What’s up? Joan disappeared and you’ve been searching for her?” Nancy widened her eyes in disbelief. 
“I don’t know where she is. She left without a word.” Dustin was crestfallen.
###Chapter 2357
Chapter 2357 
Joan did not know Nancy had given birth to a daughter. Caspian called Larry to deliver the news, but the latter had no intention of returning home for the party. 
“Larry, are you sure you’re not coming for the baby shower?” 
It was pointless to ask since Larry would never change his mind. 
“Positive. I haven’t found the shareholder and I’m a little tied up here.” 
Before he hung up, Caspian said, “Larry, where are you? I’ll go over and meet you.” 
Larry immediately refused. He had to stay low. The fewer people involved, the fewer complications. 
On the other hand, Joan was still recuperating in the hospital. She thought Larry had given up on her completely, but she didn’t know he would call Abigail almost every night to ask about her condition. 
“Larry, why don’t you come and visit instead of asking me every day? I have my personal life too, you know.” 
Larry was incredulous by her revelation. 
“Hey, what’s your name? You never told me.” He realized he had forgotten to ask. 
“My name is Abigail,” she replied. 
A smile of satisfaction crept across his face when he heard such a meaningful name. 
He finally understood why Joan adored that girl so much. Abigail’s personality and mindset were somewhat similar to hers.
“Abigail, thank you for staying by her side all this while. I’m a little busy at the moment, but I promise I’ll treat you to a meal someday. You can eat whatever you want.” He needed her help. 
It never occurred to Larry that he would ask a teenage girl for a favor, but he acknowledged the cruel reality. He needed to prioritize his search for the shareholder, so he had to leave Joan under Abigail’s care, especially when she refused to see him. 
“All right, then. Don’t worry, I’ll take a good care of her,” she agreed readily. 
He was relieved to have a reliable helper. 
After a brief conversation, they hang up. 
In the ward, Joan looked out the window in a daze. There was sadness in her eyes. 
“Joan, what are you thinking about?” Abigail whispered as she entered the room. She tried to be as gentle as possible, just like Larry instructed. 
He said that she needed to be extra careful so Joan would rest well. 
“Oh, nothing. Are you hungry? Shall we grab a bite outside?” 
Abigail let out a chuckle. She knew Joan was actually thinking about Larry again. 
“If you miss Larry, why don’t you call him?” she reminded her. 
Call him? No way! I would never forget the day he left me without a word. Joanclutched the blanket to hide her anxiety. 
Abigail was trying hard not to laugh. She knew Joan was lying in her face.
“Why can’t you admit your true feelings? I’m sure it’s killing you,” she teased. 
“Go and get something to eat already. Don’t be a busybody!” 
“Geez, it’s nothing embarrassing. You’re not a kid anymore.” Abigail gave her a sly look. 
“Hey, can you buy me some dumplings?” 
Joan blushed and changed the topic immediately. The girl could read her like a book!
###Chapter 2358
Chapter 2358 
Abigail would make a great psychiatrist. 
“Joan, I’ll go grab something to eat now. Call me if you need me, and if you miss Larry, call him. It’s so simple. Don’t suppress your feelings.” 
“You little brat…” Before she could finish her sentence, the girl was out of the ward. 
Joan grabbed her phone stared at the familiar phone number. 
Should I call Larry? I wonder how he’s doing. Where is he now? Did he go home? She was worried about him. 
Suddenly, her phone rang, but it was Delilah. 
She cleared her throat and answered the call. 
“Hello, Ms. Young.” 
“Joan, when are you coming home? You’ve been gone for so long. Lucius misses you.” 
It had been a while since she left the country. Lucius missed her almost every day, and Delilah dreamed of her every night. Thus, Delilah often called her by reason of anxiety. 
“Sorry, Ms. Young. There are some more places I want to go. I need more time.” Joan said carefully. 
“Joan, tell me honestly. Are you in trouble?” Delilah asked sternly. 
She hated it when Joan tried to hide something from her, even if it was a white lie. 
“Ms. Young, I’m totally fine here. Don’t worry. I just want to stay for a couple more days.”
Joan couldn’t tell her the truth. Excessive worrying would affect Delilah’s health. 
Before they ended their call, the older woman reminded, “Listen. Promise to tell me the truth no matter what happens to you, or you’re done for.” 
Later, Abigail came in and said, “Joan, here. I bought your favorite dumplings.” 
Joan was touched by her thoughtfulness. 
Soon, she received another text. It was an invitation to Nancy’s baby shower. 
Joan sighed heavily as she stared at the sky. She felt time went by really fast. With her current condition, it was impossible to attend the baby shower. 
No, I can’t go back now. She placed her phone on the bed, closed her eyes, and ignored the message. 
Naturally, Nancy would be disappointed if Larry and Joan missed the party. 
“What’s the matter? What are they busy with?” The new mother pouted unhappily. 
They are busy with their work, obviously. Besides, Joan couldn’t come since she’s still recuperating. Caspian considered telling Nancy the truth. 
It’s better if she doesn’t know. 
“Not everyone has your good fortune. You practically have nothing to do aside from babysitting,” he scoffed. 
She lowered her head to look at her daughter in silence. A slow smile worked its way across her face. She reluctantly agreed with him.
“My daughter, you are the best, aren’t you?” She landed a kiss on her forehead.
###Chapter 2359
Chapter 2359 
Caspian watched the mother-daughter duo with envy. 
If they hadn’t divorced in the first place, they might have a child now. However, he realized it was impossible to turn back the hands of time. 
He shook his head to clear his mind. 
“By the way, how are things with you and Jessica?” Nancy asked curiously. 
What a nosy woman! Caspian refused to respond. 
“Come on, tell me. There’s nothing wrong with it. While it’s normal for a man to woo a woman, it’s absolutely okay to be rejected. You know what, Caspian? Don’t give up. I’m confident you’ll win her heart!” 
Caspian stared at his ex-wife. 
He lacked self-confidence, and he certainly knew nothing about a woman’s emotions, especially when she was angry. Sometimes, things that seemed odd to him were perfectly normal to the others. 
“Men and women are just different,” he grumbled. 
A gentle smile touched the corners of Nancy’s lips as she stared at him. He’s having issues with his relationship. 
Caspian might not be the most romantic man, but he made a good husband. 
“Come on, tell me. How’s it going?” she repeated the question.
“Well, you know… Sometimes I just don’t get it. She rejected me, but why is she still being so considerate and caring around me?” He cut to the chase. 
He’s still the man who spoke his mind. Nancy put her daughter down in the crib slowly. Then she approached him. 
“Are you dumb? She definitely has feelings for you! Otherwise, why would she bother to talk to you?” 
That was what he thought. Nevertheless, Jessica shattered his self-confidence when she rejected him. 
“You see, patience is key to winning a woman’s heart, especially an insecure one like Jessica. You need to be ready to meet her needs.” 
Actually, Jessica had no preferences with her ideal partner. She came from a wealthy family, studied abroad and even owned a bookstore with a stable income. 
All she wanted was a man who would love her wholeheartedly and stayed by her side to protect and care for her. If Caspian could do that, she would eventually open her heart to him. 
“What do you suggest I should do?” he asked. 
“Nothing special. Show her you truly care for her. That’s it!” she answered. 
He was unconvinced. 
“Nancy, I’m being serious,” he said sternly. He didn’t realize that it was indeed an honest answer. 
Back at the ward, Abigail said softly, “Joan, I heard your friend has given birth.” 
“Yeah, but I can’t go back for the baby shower.”
“So, when are you going to have a baby with Larry?” 
The question surprised Joan very much. She didn’t expect that a teenager to tease her like that. 
Abigail approached her carefully to avoid aggravating her anger. 
“Tell me. How did you two met?” It was a clever diversion.
###Chapter 2360
Chapter 2360 
Joan ignored her. She preferred not to answer questions about Larry. 
Abigail couldn’t pry anything out of her, so she picked up a magazine and read. 
Her phone rang. She checked caller display, then looked at Joan and dashed out to answer the call. 
What’s wrong with that brat? She’s been talking on the phone frequently these days. Joan furrowed her eyebrows. 
Perhaps it’s a call from her parents? 
Meanwhile, in the corner of the hallway, Abigail whispered, “Hello, Larry? What’s the matter?” 
“Nothing, just checking on you.” 
She didn’t buy that. She knew the purpose of his call. 
“Don’t try to bluff me, okay? Joan is fine. Stop worrying.” 
“Okay. I know I can trust you. I’ll treat you to a meal someday,” he said gently as though he was avoiding a child’s tantrum. 
“Is it true that you guys won’t be attending Nancy’s baby shower?” 
He was surprised that she heard the news. “Yes. There are quite a lot of things to deal with.” 
“Joan said she won’t be going either…” 
As days went by, Joan remained under medical care while Larry continued his search for the shareholder.
Norton Corporation’s economic development hit the bottleneck as per Dustin’s plan. Since the situation was still under control, Caspian decided not to report it to Larry. Instead, he started a covert investigation to uncover the truth. 
“Young man, are you looking for someone?” asked an old man out of the blue. 
Larry was so exhausted that he took a while to react. That past few days, he went to several streets to find the clues. Many offered their help, but he always came back empty-handed. 
“Yes, sir. Come, let’s find a place to sit.” He helped the old man to a wooden bench while engrossed in his thoughts. 
“Can I see the picture? My wife said someone is looking for my brother.” 
Larry’s eyes instantly lit up. He immediately took out the photo and handed it to the man as he observed the latter. 
“Do you recognize the man in that photo?” He cut to the chase and waited expectantly for an answer. 
“Oh, he was handsome when he was younger, but now he’s just an old man,” the elderly sighed. 
Jackpot! Larry jumped from the seat with joy. 
“Sir, do you really know him? Can you take me to him?” Larry asked hastily. 
Other than the picture, this might be his only lead to end the long and tiring search for a man who had disappeared for years. 
“First, tell me. Why are you looking for him?” 
Larry hesitated. He was uncertain if he had the right to tell an outsider about Norton Corporation.
“What’s wrong? It’s not convenient to answer?” 
“Sir, it concerns my company. I need to find him and verify some information.” 
The old man let out a nonchalant smile. He stroked his beard and a flicker of amusement crossed his face. He knew Larry meant Norton Corporation because that was his first investment. Besides, only a few people in the organization knew him since he wasn’t involved with its daily operation. 
“Young man, what is your name?” 
“My name is Larry. Sir, can you please let me meet him?” Larry asked awkwardly.
###Chapter 2361
Chapter 2361 
He had lived long enough and seen it all, so he was now calm and no longer hostile like he used to be. 
Hmm… This young man seems not bad at all. He’s quite polite and civilized. The old man looked at Larry who was standing right in front of him as he smiled and nodded. 
“What do you say to a game of chess at my house?” 
What kind of a request is this? Why is he making such an odd request? Larry scrutinized the old man before him skeptically. He began to feel hesitant. 
Could he be a con man? Well, this is an era where the world is cruel and unjust. There are cons everywhere we look. 
“What’s this? You don’t believe me? Then forget about it,” said the old man. He then rose to leave. 
“Wait, sir. I’ll go!” Larry stood up immediately and said aloud. 
As long as there is a single sliver of a chance, I have to squeeze it! 
Not long after that, the two of them arrived at a small wooden house. The décor inside was retro—there was a table with a few chairs and cabinets in a darker shade of red. Several paintings on landscape adorned the walls. There was a piano in one corner of the living room. The instrument was spotless, which was a clear indication that someone kept it clean or played it every day. The house was tastefully decorated. 
“Come, sit anywhere you like,” said the old man. He then turned to the inside of the house and hollered, “We have guests. Serve some tea!”
“Sure!” Someone answered from inside. From the tone of the person’s voice, she seemed quite happy about it. 
“Here, we are good pals. So don’t be shy.” 
Huh? What do you mean by pals? We barely knew each other! The more Larry looked at the old man, the more puzzled and lost he was. 
“Here, young man. Have some tea.” An old lady approached them smilingly while offering Larry a cup of tea. 
“Ah, you are lucky today! This tea is specially made by my missus. She doesn’t always make tea,” said the old man. 
Facing this unexpected situation, Larry was like a fish out of water. I am here to look for the shareholder. Why am I making friends with him instead? Moreover, he is such an old man! 
“Umm, sir. Do you mind telling me some information about that person?” Larry asked, testing the waters. 
“Hey, young lad. Don’t hurry. Take it slow. Good things come to those who are patient,” said the old man while laughing heartily. 
Well, you don’t need to hurry. But the same cannot be said for me! I’m anxious! What if I’m being scammed? He didn’t have much time to dawdle around here. Norton Corporation was still waiting for him. Joan needed his care as well. 
“Let’s play a game of chess. My missus is still cooking. When she’s done, we can eat while we talk about it. Isn’t this a good plan?”
What’s so good about it? I don’t have all the time in the world to play chess with you right now! At that moment, Larry was greatly unsettled. 
However, he slowly replied, “Alright…” 
Ugh, fine! He groaned internally. Even if it was just a small hint of information about that shareholder, he had to obtain it somehow. 
“Wow, you are good at chess! Did you take up lessons in the past?” 
“My dad taught me how to play,” replied Larry awkwardly. They played three sets and he won two sets very quickly. 
“Food is ready!” The old lady called out from the kitchen. 
“Coming!” 
“Come, let’s go eat,” said the old man. He dragged Larry into the dining room. 
Wow, this smells nice! He surprisingly found the food appetizing. He had not eaten well for a couple of days. It was not that he wasn’t hungry. He was just too preoccupied with his thoughts that he lost his appetite. 
“You must be hungry. Do eat more,” said the old lady. She gave a whole drumstick to Larry. 
“Thank you, ma’am,” Larry responded without delay. 
“You know what? This young man is really great at playing chess. You should play with him after we are done eating.”
“There’s someone even more skillful than you? Tsk, you must be getting old. No problem, let me take care of it!” 
The old couple was very loving. Their interactions reminded Larry of Joan. 
How is she doing? Is she recovering from her injury? Did she eat well and dress up warmly? Is she unhappy? At the thought of Joan, his eyes dimmed.
###Chapter 2362
Chapter 2362 
“Hey, young man. Why did you stop eating? Are you missing your wife? Don’t worry. After you are done here, you can go back to her.” 
The gossipy old couple teased him and laughed. 
Throughout the whole meal, the old man and the old lady chatted without a care in the world. In contrast, Larry’s stomach was in knots the whole time. He was waiting for a chance to ask them about the shareholder, but he didn’t want to be rude and rain on their parade. At that moment, Larry was feeling extremely conflicted. 
“What’s the matter? Are you unhappy?” asked the old man. 
“Just tell us if something is bothering you. We can help to think of solutions,” said the old lady tenderly. 
It was evident that this old couple were optimistic people. They may not look wealthy, but they lived a happy life. Actually, that was sufficient for a family. 
“Sir, you see… I wanted to ask you about the man in the photograph,” Larry mumbled. 
“Sure, you look like you’re in a hurry. Alright, I’ll be frank with you. The person that you are looking for is actually me. Now tell me, why are you looking for me?” The old man cut straight to the chase. 
What on earth is going on? Larry looked at the old man incredulously. The shock in his eyes was apparent. 
Am I dreaming? The person that I have been looking for is right in front of me all this while? He put a hand on his thigh and pinched hard.
Ouch! That hurts a lot! So I’m not dreaming? But everything seems too surreal! 
“Sir, are you saying that you are the shareholder?” Larry pointed to the man in the photograph, and looked up at the old man. 
“Yeah, why? It doesn’t look like me, right? As you can see, I am old now. My skin is all dry and wrinkled.” The old man looked at his significant other, and poked fun at himself. 
At long last, they sat down for a serious discussion. 
“What did you say? I’m selling off my shares? Who told you this? The Norton Corporation shares always perform steadily; why would I sell them off suddenly without any reason? Even if I wanted to sell my shares, I would definitely make my intentions known to the person-in-charge at Norton Corporation,” said the old man solemnly. 
In that instant, Larry was able to confirm that everything was a set-up orchestrated by Dustin. 
Damn you, Dustin. You are so ruthless! You would even go against the law just to take me down,! 
“Sir, would you be willing to testify in person? This is because the president of Norton Corporation is now someone else, so I need your help.” Larry appealed to the old man softly. 
The two elderly appeared to be reluctant upon hearing his request. 
They had not involved themselves in business matters for a very long time. Therefore, they were unwilling to step into that devious and deceitful world once more. 
“Larry, I can understand how you feel. I’m sorry, but I can’t help. Our peaceful life right now did not come easily. We do not wish to be bothered, nor are we willing to get involved in any way,” said the old man resolutely.
If he hadn’t gotten wind of the fact that Larry had been searching high and low for him, he wouldn’t have shown himself to the young man. 
“Sir, please listen to me. I truly understand that you do not wish to appear before the public and draw unnecessary attention. That is alright. But could you kindly provide proof of your share ownership? You should still have your share certificate from back then.” Larry tried his best to explain and persuade. 
He didn’t have to go in person. Having proof of his shareholding would also suffice. 
The old man lowered his head. His eyes darkened as he contemplated the situation. The old lady, who was seated at the side, turned her head back and forth between Larry and her husband. She opened and closed her mouth a few times as if she had something to say. 
“Let me think about it, young man. But don’t get your hopes up. You’d better think of a way that can guarantee that we do not get exposed at all,” replied the old man with a short sigh. 
“Very well, sir. I can definitely guarantee that your privacy will not be compromised. Don’t worry, I will do everything in my power to make sure that you are safe,” Larry reassured. The old couple were slightly swayed by his determination. 
They chatted for a while more, and Larry left right after that. Standing at the side of the road, he was no longer helpless and in despair.
###Chapter 2363
Chapter 2363 
Finally, everything is coming to an end! Larry rubbed his palms together in an attempt to warm himself. 
“Over here! Come have a look the child!” 
“Wow! Nancy, your child is so cute!” 
“That’s true. We are so jealous of you. You have a child now!” 
The few women surrounding Nancy whispered among themselves excitedly. 
Caspian was silently standing at a corner. Looking at the scene before him, he couldn’t help but sigh in silently. 
“Eh, what’s this? Are you sad? Upset? Jealous?” asked Jessica cheekily. She suddenly appeared before Caspian and tapped on his shoulder. 
“What nonsense are you talking about?” Caspian grumbled and shrugged his shoulder. 
Heh? Why is he suddenly so annoyed? Jessica looked at him curiously. Suspicion flashed across her eyes. 
“Hey, what’s wrong? Are you okay?” she asked. 
“I’m fine. I’m just wondering when Larry will be back,” answered Caspian. 
Larry again! Oh my, his main concern is where’s Larry, what is Larry doing, did anything happen to Larry…
Jessica was rather puzzled. Larry is a grown man. What’s there to worry about? That man can run and walk on his own. Not to mention he is strong as well. He doesn’t really need others to protect him! With that, Jessica turned her face to one side and refused to look at him any longer. There was a hint of disdain in her eyes. 
“Jessica, come have a look at my daughter!” Nancy suddenly called out to her. 
She turned and walked over to Nancy immediately upon the new mother’s request. 
“Oh my goodness! She’s really adorable!” Jessica couldn’t help but exclaim dotingly while holding the little bundle of joy in her arms. 
“She’s fun, isn’t she?” Nancy asked gently. 
“You can say that. She’s such a good girl,” replied Jessica. 
“I know, right? You seem to love children. Any plans to have one of your own with Caspian?” Nancy prodded suggestively. 
Jessica’s cheeks were flushed all of a sudden. “Nancy! What are you talking about?” 
“Come on, there’s no need to be shy. It’s going to happen sooner or later.” 
“What are you two talking about?” Caspian was suddenly right next to them. 
He was worried that Nancy would blabber nonsense to Jessica, so he came over to do damage control. 
“Why did you come over? We were having girl talk. It has nothing to do with you.” Nancy retorted tactlessly, giving him a side glare. 
Her conversation with Jessica was just getting interesting. He just had to butt in right at that moment and interrupt them.
Caspian answered in a low voice, “I came to have a look at you and also your daughter.” 
“There is no need for that. My wife only needs me.” Jory walked over to them steadily and pronounced his claim over his wife. 
“Hey, please carry our baby inside,” said Nancy. In one swift movement, she shoved the sleeping baby into Jory’s arms. 
Jory looked at the woman in front of him, then at Caspian, and left the room helplessly holding his daughter. 
“What did she say to you?” Caspian whispered next to Jessica’s ear. 
“Nothing,” replied Jessica curtly. She turned her face to the other side so that she didn’t have to look at him. 
Nothing? The two of you were happily chatting away for quite a while. Caspian looked at Jessica doubtfully. There was a hint of annoyance in his eyes. 
What is this? She only got to know Nancy recently, and she’s already siding up with her? 
Women are fickle indeed! Caspian stared at her with a displeased expression. 
“Alright, stop being such a grouch. What else can we talk about? It was just normal topics between women,” mumbled Jessica. 
This means that she’s not going to tell me anything. Caspian turned and left after hearing that. 
Fine then! What’s the big deal?
“Don’t worry, Larry. Nancy and the child are both doing fine. It’s a girl and she’s quite cute,” Caspian reported promptly. 
“Good. As long as everything is fine, it’s all good,” Larry muttered. 
He could not return to the country for the time being. Until the problem was completely resolved, he could not afford to leave before that.
###Chapter 2364
Chapter 2364 
“Sir, have you come to a decision?” Larry asked the old man sitting in front of him anxiously. 
“I can give you written proof, but we will not show ourselves,” answered the old man. 
“I understand. I respect your wishes completely.” Larry patted his chest and replied earnestly. 
This is great! Things are finally looking up. However, he had no inkling that Norton Corporation was already facing some major crises at that moment. 
“Thank you, sir and ma’am. With this proof in my hand, you can be rest assured that no one will come and bother you,” said Larry with a smile. 
“What did you say? Norton Corporation is in trouble? What’s going on? Tell me quickly!” Caspian asked coldly. 
He knew that Dustin was up to something, but he didn’t expect for him to make a move that soon. 
“Mr. Silverman seemed to have canceled a lot of projects all at one go. The main problem is many of these projects are managed by our company, but Mr. Silverman suddenly ordered us to give up on them. There are many such preposterous decisions. I won’t list them out one by one. You will find out about them in a few more days.” 
Suddenly, Caspian hit the wall next to him, and small trails of blood seeped through his fingertips. He couldn’t care less about the pain and injury that he just inflicted upon himself. 
Dustin Silverman! How dare you stir up trouble to such an extent? Caspian’s rage quickly subsided into dread.
This is very serious. I must inform Larry at once! 
Without any hesitation, Caspian called Larry. 
“Hello, Larry. When will you be back?” Caspian asked hurriedly. 
“My flight is tomorrow. What’s the matter?” replied Larry in a low voice. 
He’s coming back tomorrow? Awesome! Caspian was excited after learning about that. 
“If that’s the case, then I’ll tell you when you get back,” said Caspian. He intended to hang up right then. 
“No, if you have something to tell me, just say it. Don’t dilly-dally,” commanded Larry. 
“It’s nothing big. It’s just that you need to come back and take charge of the situation,” replied Caspian euphemistically. 
Something must have happened to Norton Corporation. Larry’s eyes widened. He stared far ahead, not focusing on anything in particular. He looked lonesome. 
He had guessed that Dustin would be up to no good. As expected, he had made his move. 
“Alright, I understand. Thank you. Send someone to follow him around. I am concerned that he might get away, so be on high alert. Lie low and do not alarm him!” Larry hung up right after he instructed Caspian what to do. 
Caspian did not quite understand what Larry meant by not alarming Dustin. However, he firmly believed that Larry had his own reasons for asking him to do so. 
“What’s the matter? Why have your mood lightened up all of a sudden?” Jessica walked over and asked.
“Larry is coming back tomorrow,” responded Caspian steadily. 
What? Did I hear him wrongly? Jessica continued to stare at Caspian with a bewildered look, urging for him to disclose more information. 
“Don’t look at me like that. He only said that he would fly back tomorrow. I have absolutely no idea as to where he will go after that,” Caspian explained. 
Larry went on a covert expedition this time around. No one knew his whereabouts, not even Joan. 
In the ward, Joan was on a video call with Nancy. She seemed to be quite happy. 
“When are you coming back, Joan? You have no idea how much I miss you.” Nancy asked with a pout. 
“Why? Do you miss drinking? I am out of town at the moment, it’s not convenient for me to return now,” Joan explained. 
“Are you alright? Why do I have the feeling that something is off?” Nancy asked suddenly. 
“I am alright. Don’t talk nonsense! Alright, I’ll hang up now.” Joan quickly hung up right after saying that. 
If Nancy got to know that I am injured, she would shout it and the rest of the world would know. If that happened, Delilah and Lucius would be worried sick! 
“Hey, Joan. Who was that just now? She has a sweet voice.” Abigail commented as she walked in.
###Chapter 2365
Chapter 2365 
“A friend of mine,” Joan answered softly. 
Seeing that Nancy and her child were safe and sound was more than enough to make her happy. The corner of Joan’s mouth curved into a content smile. 
It’s alright. Everything will turn out fine! She glanced down at her arm and smiled. 
“Joan, I heard that Larry is back in the country,” Abigail stated abruptly. 
Huh? Joan turned around and stared at the girl in front of her earnestly, a sliver of hope glimmered in her eyes. 
“What? I don’t know the details. You could just call him and find out.” Abigail said tentatively. 
No! Joan looked away as a sign of refusal. Suddenly, the phone on the table rang. 
“Hey, look. It’s Larry!” the girl exclaimed excitedly. After so long, the two of them can finally speak on the phone. 
Joan picked up the call in no time. She tried her best to remain calm. “What is it?” 
“So, what are your thoughts exactly? Do you plan to continue recovering there? Or come back-” 
“I won’t go back.” Before Larry could finish speaking, Joan cut him off. 
“Alright, then I’ll head over to you after I’ve settled matters at the company.” With that, Larry hung up the call. 
Joan parted her lips to protest, but the line had already gone dead.
“What’s wrong? What did Larry say?” asked Abigail. 
“Nothing much.” Joan put her phone aside. Even though she intended to reject Larry’s offer earlier, she couldn’t deny that she was actually looking forward to him coming over. 
Abigail suddenly giggled and teased, “Are you shy, Joan? You’re blushing. Larry is coming to see you, isn’t he?” 
Apart from Larry, Abigail couldn’t think of anyone else who could put this look on Joan’s face. 
As time went by, more and more shareholders expressed their disapproval of Dustin’s management style in Norton Corporation. 
Norton Corporation’s performance had declined recently, inevitably causing many of them to lose sleep over the company’s future development. 
“Mr. Silverman, we can’t let the company go bankrupt! We have to come up with solutions to solve the problems at hand!” a shareholder bellowed. 
“That’s right. The company has constantly been suffering losses. At this rate, we’ll be scraping for food in no time!” 
“He’s right, Mr. Silverman. You’re the president. You need to think of a way to get out of this situation.” 
In the meeting room, anxiety and trepidation were sprawled across all of the shareholders’ faces. On the contrary, Dustin wore an impassive look on his face. He didn’t seem to care about the company’s precarious situation because his goal was to demolish Norton Corporation all along! 
“What’s the rush? It’s not time yet,” Dustin drawled while sipping on his coffee.
“Then, when exactly is the right time? Mr. Silverman, we have all gone through perilous situations in the business world. We see certain things more clearly. If you don’t take action now, the company will face an even bigger crisis in the future.” 
“As I have said, it’s not time yet. How many times do I have to repeat myself? That’s enough. The meeting ends here!” Having said that, he got up to leave. 
These old foxes! When I first joined Norton Corporation, they were tripping over themselves trying to lick my boots. Now that the company is in trouble, they’re pushing all the responsibility to me. No wonder they managed to thrive in the industry! 
Suddenly, one of the shareholders piped up, “Mr. Silverman, if you can’t resolve this, we’ll get Mr. Norton to come back. He’ll definitely solve all these problems.” 
The last thing Dustin wanted to hear was Larry’s name. Right then, his nostrils flared as anger surged in him. 
Damn it. That man again! 
“You’d do well to remember that I’m the president of Norton Corporation now. As the largest shareholder here, my word is the law!” Dustin’s roar reverberated through the room. 
I don’t believe that the company can’t continue running without Larry Norton! 
“But right now, the problem is that you haven’t resolved Norton Corporation’s crisis!” another shareholder pointed out.
###Chapter 2366
Chapter 2366 
Why should I bother dealing with those problems? Dustin clenched his fists in an attempt to rein in his temper, willing himself to calm down. 
“All of you must listen to me and do as you’re told.” 
Dustin was very domineering when it came to managing the company. Every decision had to go through him for approval before being carried out. He could be very unreasonable even he was not sure of what he was doing. 
“I’m the boss here.” 
“Is that so?” Suddenly, familiar male voice rang out. 
“Mr. Norton!” 
“You’re here, Mr. Norton!” 
A dozen or so shareholders were overjoyed at the sight of him. 
“Things are going to get interesting now that Mr. Norton is here.” 
“With Mr. Norton here, there’ll be hope for the company.” 
Larry walked toward Dustin while exuding an imposing aura. 
“What are you doing here?” Dustin spat as he glowered at the man in front of him. 
“What’s wrong? Am I not welcome here? Since this is a shareholders’ meeting, of course I’m required to attend,” Larry said matter-of-factly.
Oh yeah? Well, you’re not welcome here! Dustin’s eyes gleamed with malice. 
“Sorry, but the shareholders’ meeting is over. Everyone has been dismissed. You’re too late,” he replied in a clipped tone. 
One of the shareholders boldly contradicted, “No, Mr. Norton. We have yet to devise a proper plan of action. We were waiting for you.” 
“Yes, Mr. Norton. We were all waiting for you to come,” the other shareholders chimed in enthusiastically. 
Dustin’s eyes grew ominous as he faced the rowdy shareholders. 
Are these old slickers openly casting me aside? Clenching his fists, he turned around to leave. 
“Mr. Silverman, it’s been quite a long time since you took up the position as president of Norton Corporation. Mind sharing your thoughts about your experience so far?” 
What kind of a fu*king question is this? Dustin eyed the man suspiciously as he tried to figure out his motive. 
“I don’t think so. I have other things to attend to. I’ll be taking my leave now.” He was about to take off but was stopped once again. 
“Don’t go. I suggest you stay a little longer, or you’ll never get to enjoy the feeling of being a president again,” Larry said in a meaningful tone. 
“What are you trying to say?” Dustin demanded. 
“Here, this is my gift to you.” Larry shoved the evidence he had obtained into Dustin’s hand. 
Then, he turned to the assistant beside him. “Hand them one copy each.”
“Yes, sir.” 
Soon, all the shareholders each held a document of proof in their hands. 
“Goodness! What on earth is going on? Does this mean Silverman’s shares prospectus is fake?” 
“Yeah! How could he do such a thing? This is illegal!” 
“Thank God we still have Mr. Norton, or Norton Corporation would be finished for good!” 
“Just look. How long has it only been? But the company is already on the verge of bankruptcy because of Dustin Silverman!” The shareholders started discussing amongst themselves in hushed tones. 
Looking at the proof in his hands, Dustin was shocked and lost for words. 
“T-This… Where did you get this? This must be fake!” he stammered out. 
Indeed, it was fake—the copy in his possession. 
“Just give up, Dustin. Stop wasting your time fighting a losing battle,” Larry cautioned. 
Dustin sneered. “You must’ve forged this!” 
Human nature was peculiar at times. When a person lied on a frequent basis, he would gradually get so wrapped up in his own lies that he started believing everything he said and did. 
“Stop lying to yourself! I bet you don’t even know what that shareholder’s name is, how old he is, and where he is now, do you?” Larry refuted. 
“No. Impossible. You’re lying!” Dustin snarled, his emotions spiraling out of control. 
“Hey, this proof was given to Mr. Norton by that shareholder who has disappeared for a long time.”
“I must say that Mr. Norton is really capable. He even managed to track down that shareholder!” 
“Exactly my thoughts! This young man has a promising future ahead of him! I feel at ease leaving Norton Corporation in his hands.”
###Chapter 2367
Chapter 2367 
“You’re just here to stir up trouble again. Well, let me tell you something. We won’t fall for your lies. Do you think you can trick us with this falsified proof? We’re not three-year-old kids,” Dustin said crudely. 
Isn’t he insulting the intelligence of three-year-old kids by saying this? Larry’s lips curled into a sneer as he looked at the other man with disdain. 
“Alright. I’m sure everyone has seen the proof. That’s right. I’ve found the shareholder who disappeared, and he hasn’t sold off his shares, which means he remains a shareholder at Norton Corporation.” 
The meeting room instantly fell into a pin-drop silence; no one dared to make a sound. 
Soon, everyone saw through Dustin’s intentions. Naturally, none of them would support him. 
“You can go now,” Larry asserted. He considered himself merciful for not calling the cops to turn Dustin in. 
Narrowing his eyes, he added, “Also, don’t ever appear before me again.” 
“You gave me this so-called proof and implied that my document of purchase is fake. Then, let me ask you. How can you prove that yours is real?” Dustin questioned in a threatening tone. 
Larry saw that coming, so of course, he came fully prepared. 
“I have a recorded statement of the witness describing about Norton Corporation’s entire development process…” he declared.
This time, Dustin had no way to refute. Since things had already escalated to this point, there was no way around it anymore. 
“Dustin Silverman, I have never expected you to stoop so low!” 
“This is outrageous!” 
“What are you still doing here? Have you no shame? Get lost!” 
The meeting room descended into chaos as their criticisms grew louder and harsher, leaving Dustin utterly humiliated. 
What a bunch of realistic old foxes! Dustin’s eyes glinted coldly as he struggled to maintain his cool. 
“Good job, Larry Norton!” he spat, then left the company right after. 
Henceforth, Larry returned to Norton Corporation and began handling the problems the company was currently facing. 
“Mr. Norton, what do you think we should do now?” 
“Yes. That b*stard, Silverman, has already rejected so many projects,” added another shareholder. After dismissing them, Larry went back to his office. A trace of worry crept into his heart as he looked at the documents in front of him. 
Damn it, Caspian! Something so serious happened but you didn’t even think about telling me about it sooner? So much time has been wasted! 
“Larry, you’re really back!” Caspian rejoiced right after he barged into the office. 
“Mm,” Larry responded without even lifting his head.
Then, he demanded in a disgruntled tone, “What have you been doing all this time? Didn’t I tell you to keep an eye on the company? Why didn’t you inform me about all this?” 
He knew that Caspian was worried about him, but if certain issues were left unattended for too long, it would lead to severe consequences. 
Caspian huffed out an awkward laugh and played things down. “I know you’re worried about Norton Corporation, but isn’t everything fine now? Don’t worry. If the situation was really bad, I would’ve told you a long time ago.” 
You’re always right, aren’t you? Larry shot him a look but didn’t comment. 
“Oh ho! Who might this be?” A woman’s voice pierced through the silence just then. 
Smirking, Jessica asked, “Do you miss me, Larry?” Then, she bounded across the distance and hugged him tightly. 
“Hey, watch how you behave. This is the office. There are eyes everywhere,” Larry warned in a low voice as he tried shrugging her arms off. 
“Aww, what’s the matter, Larry. Don’t you miss me?” Jessica purred. 
Larry countered, “Give me one reason why I should miss you.” 
Ugh. Forget it. I’ll stop messing with him. 
“How have you been? Good? Has the matter been resolved?” Jessica queried. 
“I’m good. If you leave, I’ll feel even better,” Larry answered brusquely. 
What the hell? We haven’t seen each other in so long but he’s still a block of ice!
Caspian’s face turned grim when he witnessed this scene.
###Chapter 2368
Chapter 2368 
What the hell is this woman thinking? Caspian’s heart sank slightly and he announced, “I’ll get going now.” 
Then, he got to his feet to leave. 
“Hey, where are you going?” Jessica blurted out. 
What the hell? Why does he want to leave as soon as I got here? 
“I have work to do.” With a nod, he excused himself. 
“Hey, take her away while you’re at it,” Larry called out. 
Caspian looked over his shoulder at Larry, then at Jessica, hesitating slightly. Jessica pursed her lips in embarrassment and countered, “Alright, I’ll leave on my own.” 
Without waiting for a response, she strode out of the office. 
Looking in the direction she left, Caspian cursed under his breath before moving to catch up with her. 
He grabbed her arm in a bone-crushing grip and growled, “Jessica, tell me now. What exactly are you trying to do?” 
What now? Jessica swiveled around to study the man, slightly intrigued. 
“I’m not planning anything. Now let go! You’re hurting me!” she snapped while struggling to break free from his grip. 
Then why was she acting so intimate with Larry? Why does she miss him so much?
“Do you still have feelings for Larry?” Caspian asked out of the blue. 
What kind of question is that? I see him as a brother. Am I not allowed to care for him? 
“Yes. He’s like a brother to me. Not to mention, he’s helped me so much. Is it wrong to care for him?” she yelled angrily. 
That’s it? Is it really that simple though? Caspian scrutinized the woman in front of him and scoffed. 
“You’re probably happy that Larry and Joan have divorced, right? Well, now’s your chance. You can pursue him to your heart’s content now that he’s single again.” 
What the f**k? Is this man daft or something? You’re the one I like, dumba**! Not Larry! It’s been so long and he still can’t tell? 
“Caspian, let me go. I don’t feel like talking to you now,” Jessica uttered icily. 
“Then what do you feel like doing? Buying Larry a gift? Bringing him lunch?” Caspian said bitterly. This jerk! I can’t believe he suspects that there’s something going on between Larry and me! 
Jessica abruptly bent down and sank her teeth into his arm. 
“Ah!” Caspian exclaimed and finally loosened his hold on her. 
And he said he loves me? It’s all just a load of crap. How is he going to pursue me when he doesn’t even understand me? Jessica fumed as she stormed away. 
Larry ambled over just then and asked in a displeased tone, “What were the two of you doing?” 
Indeed, Caspian had overreacted earlier. To make matters worse, it was at the office. 
Lowering his head, he replied in an apologetic tone, “I wasn’t thinking straight, Larry.”
“Settle your issues with her in private,” Larry advised and left right after. 
Meanwhile, Jessica had driven herself to the beach after fleeing the company. At that moment, she sat alone on the sand, staring at the small island a short distance away with sad eyes. 
She was stuck in a dilemma. On the one hand, she liked Caspian and wanted to be his girlfriend, but she was afraid that being in a relationship would affect her career. 
When her phone rang, she glanced at the caller ID and immediately put the call on speaker. 
“Where have you run off to?” came Larry’s deep voice. 
“The beach,” she replied. 
“Mm. Wanna grab a meal together?” 
“Sure. You come over then!” Jessica directly ended the call and went back to wallowing in her misery. 
Some things required a third party to act as the mediator. Otherwise, the relationship between Caspian and Jessica would only continue going downhill. 
Noticing the darkening sky, Larry glanced at his watch. Then, he picked up his coat and left his office. 
“That’s enough. Hurry up and eat your food!” Larry commanded. 
Why is he always so fierce? Jessica shot him a dirty look but didn’t refute, pushing around her food as she took small bites. 
“When are you two going to make up?” he asked.
Jessica’s hands paused in their action, and she zoned out slightly. Is there still a chance between Caspian and me? Sighing softly, she answered, “I don’t know.” 
The atmosphere turned a little awkward as silence blanketed them. 
In the end, Larry broke the silence. “One is too afraid to confess, and the other is too afraid to accept it. Are you two going to continue being like this?” 
Well, what else can we do? Ugh. Now is not the time to discuss my disastrous love life! She stabbed her fork into a piece of meat and stuffed it inside her mouth.
###Chapter 2369
Chapter 2369 
“I still have my career to think about,” Jessica declared after swallowing her food. 
Who said you can’t have both career and love? Larry studied her quietly, his brows creasing with worry. 
“Get Caspian to help you with your career.” In fact, this was the perfect way to get the best of both worlds. Not only could it bring them closer, it wouldn’t affect Jessica’s career either. 
But for some inexplicable reason, Jessica couldn’t muster up the courage to accept Caspian. 
“Larry, to be honest, I think I have a phobia of falling in love. I feel very insecure, and I’m scared!” Finally, she managed the force these words out. 
She felt comfortable around Caspian, but the thought of actually being in a relationship with him scared the daylights out of her. 
“What are you afraid of? That Caspian might leave you? Or the other way around?” Larry asked straightforwardly. 
The woman in front of him had lost both her parents. Without anyone to rely on, Larry could understand where her fear stemmed from. What he couldn’t understand was why she refused to give Caspian a chance to protect and take care of her. 
Jessica pursed her lips in frustration and replied softly, “I don’t know what I’m afraid of either.” 
It was completely normal for a woman to feel insecure, but if it was to the point of avoiding her own feelings, then something had to be done. 
“When do you plan to face your feelings?” Larry continued probing.
Jessica’s eyes turned slightly misty because she didn’t have the answer to his question. She didn’t know when she would finally open up and accept Caspian, or how long he would be willing to wait for her. 
The atmosphere was somber and their conversation dull. 
Despite that, this meal wasn’t completely in vain as Larry came to have a deeper understanding of the woman seated across from him. 
The next morning, sunlight poured into the room and illuminated the woman in bed. Jessica slowly peeled open her eyes and massaged her temples, trying to clear her hazy mind. 
Grabbing her phone, she realized that Caspian had called her numerous times the previous night. 
The sight of all his missed calls tugged on Jessica’s heartstrings. 
There’s really nothing to complain about him. I should try to accept him, right? Jessica gave herself a mental pep talk while drawing the curtains open. 
Her phone rang again. Unsurprisingly, it was Caspian. “Where are you? I’ll come pick you up,” came his anxious voice. 
Jessica quickly turned him down. “It’s fine. I can go over there myself.” 
“No. The weather has changed and it is cold today. I brought you a coat.” 
Jessica felt her throat close up with emotion. For a while, she couldn’t formulate a proper response. No one has ever cared about me like he does. 
“So where are you?” Caspian sounded slightly out of breath on the other end of the line.
“I’m at a hotel…” The previous night, Larry had sent her to a hotel by the beach, then gone straight to look for Caspian. He revealed everything to Caspian. That was why the latter was so anxious to get ahold of her. 
Back in the office, Larry was tapping away on the keyboard, hard at work. Meanwhile, all the employees were doing their respective jobs outside his office. 
Norton Corporation returned to how it was before. No one slacked off, complained, or slandered anyone. 
This was all because of Dustin’s departure and Larry’s return. 
“Mr. Norton, these are the proposals for some of our recent projects. Please take a look at them,” his assistant came in and reported with an excited gleam in her eyes. 
“Alright,” Larry replied curtly and sipped on his coffee. 
… 
At the same time, Joan was still lying on her hospital bed while flipping through a magazine. However, her attention was diverted as indignation flickered in her eyes. 
Why hasn’t he called me? Glancing at her phone on the bedside table, an adorable pout formed on her lips. 
“Are you waiting for someone to call you?” Abigail asked with an impish grin. 
“No.” Joan’s denial came almost immediately. 
Fine. I won’t ask anymore or she might get upset again. Abigail picked up the thermos flask and walked out of the ward.
Suddenly, Joan’s train of thought was interrupted by a voice just outside the door. “Oh, I’m so sorry! I didn’t mean it!”
###Chapter 2370
Chapter 2370 
“Help! Someone fell down!” The unfamiliar female voice sounded again. 
Apart from the woman’s shouts, Joan could vaguely make out a man’s grunts, which sounded very frail to her ears. 
Oddly, there was no one passing by the area at that moment. 
The woman’s cry for help grew more frantic as the man’s grunts grew weaker. 
What’s going on? Joan got down from the bed and slowly made her way to the door. 
There, she saw a young man sprawled on the ground, unable to get up no matter how hard he tried. The person who bumped into him was a thin-looking female patient. Clearly, she didn’t have enough strength to help him up. Joan stepped forward without hesitation and used all of her energy to help the man up from the ground. 
“Are you okay?” she asked the man with concern written on her face. 
The man slowly raised his head and met her gaze with a smile. 
He had well-defined features, a row of pearly white teeth, and a pair of dark, alluring eyes. Under different circumstances, Joan’s heart might have even fluttered at the sight of him, but all she did was make an observation. Mm. He’s a good-looking man. 
The man maintained his smile and expressed his gratitude. “Thank you.” 
“You’re welcome. C’mon, I’ll take you back.” Joan supported the man back to his own ward. 
“My name is Jake Wilson. What’s yours?” he asked in a soft voice.
“Joan Watts,” she answered with a smile. 
The man’s heart skipped a beat at the sight of her sweet smile. Unable to stop himself, he gushed, “Joan Watts, you’re really pretty, and kind too.” 
Joan suddenly felt a little shy after being praised like that. 
Abigail came back with the thermos flask in her hand right then and called out in an unhappy tone, “Joan!” 
“Huh? I’ll get going now.” She instantly spun on her heels and tugged Abigail away. 
Back in Joan’s ward, Abigail questioned in a stern voice, “What were you doing earlier?” 
“That man fell down, so I helped him back to his ward. That’s all,” Joan clarified. 
Really? Abigail circled her several times, surveying her with narrowed eyes as though she was a criminal suspect. 
“Joan, just so you know. Women during ancient times were very particular about their chastity-” 
“Alright, alright, stop it. You’re still young, so you don’t know anything. It’s not what you think it is!” Joan emphasized, slightly vexed. 
Lately, Abigail had been constantly trying to talk her into getting back together with Larry, and that annoyed her. 
Just then, Jake came in and called out tentatively, “Joan?” 
“Hi, come and have a seat,” Joan urged. 
Abigail was visibly dissatisfied upon seeing how the man had invited himself in.
“Abigail, quick. Pour Jake a glass of water,” Joan instructed from her position on the bed. 
“Are you thirsty, sir?” Abigail asked in a flat voice. 
Jake felt slightly awkward faced with her question. 
“No, I’m fine,” he answered warily. 
“I won’t be pouring you a glass of water then.” Abigail left right after saying that. 
That girl clearly did it on purpose! Joan stared at Abigail’s retreating figure, slightly mad. 
“She’s still young. Please don’t mind her,” she explained to the man apologetically. 
“Of course not.” Jake smiled. 
The two chatted for a bit and came to know each other better. He seemed like quite a decent person, so Joan thought he was worth befriending. However, the man had something else in mind; he wanted Joan to be his girlfriend. 
After he went back to his ward, Abigail walked in with dinner in hand and said, “Joan, that man likes you.” 
“Don’t spout nonsense. What if someone heard you?” Joan chided softly. 
Who knows? Jake might have a girlfriend. Besides, there’s no room for anyone else in my heart except for Larry, and being divorced won’t change that. 
“I’m serious. You know bystanders always see things more clearly, right? You need to watch out,” Abigail muttered.
Joan closed the magazine in her hand and looked out the window, recalling her interaction with Jake earlier. As far as she was concerned, they didn’t say or do anything that crossed the line. 
Yeah. This girl is losing it! After reassuring herself, she got up from the bed and headed to the washroom.
###Chapter 2371
Chapter 2371 
Jake visited Joan in her ward very often. As time went by, Abigail grew increasingly worried when she saw them chatting away happily. 
In fact, Jake was already fully recovered, but he stayed at the hospital because he couldn’t bear to part with Joan. 
In the yard at the hospital, Joan burst out laughing. “Really? I didn’t know you had such a great sense of humor.” 
“Nah. I was still in school at that time, so I was just a little naive,” Jake explained. 
When laughter and genuine happiness filled the air, alarm bells started to ring in Abigail’s head. 
Picking up her phone, she discreetly dialed Larry’s number. “Larry, haven’t you finished settling matters over there?” There was a hint of urgency in her tone. 
“What’s wrong? Are you that eager to get me to buy you a meal?” Larry read through some documents while speaking into the phone. 
Abigail closed her eyes and took a deep breath to calm herself. 
It’s just a meal. I’m not that desperate! 
“If you don’t finish your work and come here as soon as possible, Joan might be whisked away by someone else,” she exaggerated. 
Larry immediately stopped what he was doing as confusion clouded his eyes. 
“What’s going on? Be more specific!”
“There’s a patient in the hospital called Jake Wilson who’s been coming over very frequently to chat with Joan…” Abigail quickly elucidated. 
Even at a hospital, she managed to gain herself an admirer? Larry stood up and walked to the windows, staring into the distance. 
“I know that now.” With that, he ended the call. 
After a long time, he took out his phone again to make a call, wearing a helpless look on his face. 
“Caspian, is there anything else in the company that needs my immediate attention?” he asked. 
Caspian deliberated for a moment before answering, “No. There are just some minor matters left that can be handled by the executives.” 
“Good. Book me a flight.” It’s time to bring Joan back. He spun around and walked out of his office. 
Meanwhile, Joan was still chatting with Jake in the yard. Her phone on the table had already rung several times, but all the calls went unanswered. 
“Joan, your phone’s ringing!” Abigail raised her voice. 
Only then did Joan notice her phone ringing and hastily picked up the call. “Larry?” 
“What are you doing?” Larry queried. 
“Oh, I’m chatting with someone,” she replied. 
“With who?” 
“Another patient.”
“Where are you both chatting?” he continued probing. 
She frowned at his series of questions. “In the hospital yard.” 
Pausing briefly, she asked him a question of her own. “What is this about?” 
“Nothing,” came his terse reply. 
Their bland conversation lacked warmth, causing Joan to feel slightly uncomfortable. Larry admitted that he had overreacted this time, but in his defense, it was all because he was worried about her. 
Jake gauged her expression and asked, “What’s wrong? Does your friend need something from you?” 
“Huh? Oh, it’s nothing.” Joan brushed it off. 
When an unfamiliar man’s voice drifted across the line, Larry immediately went on high alert as he sensed danger. 
If he and Joan hadn’t divorced, he would never doubt her fidelity. After all, he understood her character well. But at present, they were already separated. Thus, Joan had every right to date another man. 
“Who was the man talking to you just now?” Larry inquired. 
“Haven’t I told you already? He’s a patient here!” A hint of impatience laced her tone. 
Since when has he become so sensitive? I’m only chatting with a friend. Does he have to act like this? He’s making it sound like I’m cheating on him. But then again, I’m single now. Theoretically speaking, whatever I do is none of his business. 
“I’m going over to see you tomorrow,” Larry announced.
Is he done with the company matters already? Then, what about Jessica? How is he going to deal with her? 
“Why are you coming here? I’m doing fine on my own.” She feigned nonchalance.
###Chapter 2372
Chapter 2372 
Is she trying to say that she has another man by her side and doesn’t need me anymore? Larry’s grip on his phone tightened, and the temperature of the air around him plummeted. 
“What? We’ve only just divorced but you’re already looking for a new target?” Larry fumed. 
He’s being unreasonable! Not wanting to waste her breath on him, Joan hung up the call directly. 
“What’s wrong?” Jake asked concernedly when he noticed the anger lining her features. 
“It’s nothing. Anyway, where were we?” She wasn’t going to let Larry ruin her good mood. 
Not far away, a trace of worry peeked from Abigail’s eyes as she watched this scene. Is it really that difficult to coax a woman, Larry? After a while, she shook her head in resignation and walked away. 
The next day, Joan and Jake went to the same place to chat again. Halfway into their conversation, Jake paused, as if in a dilemma. Finally, he asked cautiously, ”Was that your boyfriend who called you yesterday?” 
Joan hesitated for a split second before denying, “No.” 
He really isn’t my boyfriend. Why should I feel guilty? She mentally reassured herself. 
“Actually, I don’t have a girlfriend either,” Jake abruptly confessed with a bashful look on his face. 
Why did he suddenly bring this topic up? Embarrassed, Joan fidgeted slightly. 
“When are you getting discharged? You seem to have fully recovered,” she deliberately pointed out. 
“Joan,” Larry called out from behind right then, interrupting her conversation with Jake.
Jake was an optimistic person. Hence, Joan enjoyed talking to him because his sunny personality never failed to fill her with positive energy. 
“What are you doing here?” Joan shot up from her seat. 
“Did you forget what I said yesterday? I told you I’d be coming here to take you home today,” Larry reminded. 
Joan was dumbstruck. 
He never mentioned anything about taking me home! 
Before she regained her senses, he added, “C’mon, let’s go pack your stuff and go home together.” 
“Are you getting discharged?” Jake interjected. 
“I-” 
“Yes, the doctor said she can be discharged now,” Larry answered for Joan before tugging her away. 
Jake stood rooted to the ground with anger swelling in his chest as he stared after the two figures. 
Whipping out his phone, he made a call. “Run a background check on the man who came to pick Joan Watts up from the hospital. I wanna know who the hell he is.” With that, he hung up the phone. 
“Larry, what the hell are you doing? Have I said anything about getting discharged?” Joan shook off his hand and yelled. 
Why? Does she want to continue chatting with that man from just now? Larry scoffed as he was jealous. 
“Do you plan on staying here forever then?”
Who said anything about staying here forever? I only wanted to recuperate here and go home once I’m all recovered. That way, Ms. Young and Lucius wouldn’t be able to tell that I was injured. 
“Larry, can you stop being so childish and act your age, please?” 
“What do you want from me, Joan? You chose to ignore all that I’ve done for you, yet, you were having so much fun chatting with a male stranger?” Larry raged. 
Has he lost his mind? 
Is it wrong to be in a good mood? Besides, it can speed up my recovery too! If only he could be calm and positive like Jake when we talked instead of flying into a rage, I would be more than willing to listen to everything he said! 
“I’m tired. I don’t wanna talk to you anymore.” Without giving him a chance to speak, she burrowed underneath the covers. 
Larry tried his best to control his temper and spoke in a gentle voice, “Let’s go home, Joan.” 
He admitted that it was his fault for allowing his jealousy to get the best of him just now. 
The woman lying on the hospital bed blinked a few times, her gaze gradually softened. 
“Larry, it’s not that I don’t want to go home, but I can’t. Ms. Young and Lucius will worry if they see me like this,” she explained, hoping that the man in front of her would understand. 
That’s fair enough. Larry walked toward the windows and stared into the distance in an attempt to recollect himself.
###Chapter 2373
Chapter 2373 
“Larry, do you still need me to help Joan pack her stuff?” Abigail asked from beside him. 
“No,” Larry replied succinctly. 
Awkward silence hovered in the air as the three of them looked at each other, lost in their own thoughts. 
Abigail only felt that it was a pity that they weren’t going home together. 
“Won’t Jessica be mad that you came here?” Joan broke the silence. 
“Where I go is none of her business,” Larry replied blandly. 
Abigail respectfully left the ward to give them some space. 
Joan expressed her disapproval. “Larry, now that you already have Jessica, you shouldn’t have come looking for me.” 
Is she trying to say that I’m standing in the way of her plans to pursue a new relationship? 
“And?” he prodded. 
“And you should start a family with her. You know, live a happy life together.” 
What about you? Are you going to marry that man I saw just now and start a life with him? A vicious glint appeared in Larry’s eyes and he stated bluntly, “I don’t love her.” 
Surprise flashed across Joan’s face when her mind registered what he had just said. 
I clearly saw how intimate he was with Jessica. Why is he denying their relationship now?
Don’t tell me he’s moved on to another woman? 
“Larry, when you fall in love with a woman, shouldn’t you be responsible for her? Only scum will change women faster than they change their clothes, you know that, right?” Joan hinted. 
You’ve always been the one I love, Joan. Can’t you see that? Or are you avoiding me on purpose? Larry strode toward her with conflict swirling in his eyes. 
“What are you doing?” Joan’s guard went up as he approached her. 
Things were over between them, so of course it wouldn’t be appropriate to do anything overly intimate. 
He stopped inches away from her face and whispered hoarsely, “Tell me, Joan. Do you still love me?” 
His deep voice only served to enhance his masculinity. 
I do. In fact, I’ve never stopped loving you, but reality can be cruel sometimes. 
Joan had zero intolerance for infidelity. She couldn’t accept a man who cheated on her, let alone one who was so fickle-hearted. Instead of putting herself through the torture of staying with such a man, she thought she might as well die alone. 
“I don’t,” she answered in a monotonous voice. 
Upon hearing these two simple words, Larry felt as if he had been plunged into an abyss. 
How can she be so heartless? 
“Larry, find a woman you love and love you in return. You should live your life to the fullest with her.” 
It was obvious that the woman she was referring to was none other than Jessica. She knew that Jessica had lost her parents not too long ago and was in desperate need of love and care. It just so
happened that Larry could provide her with that. 
“What about you?” he asked while gently caressing her hair. 
“What I do is none of your business anymore.” Nervous, she turned her face away to look at the sky through the window, but her actions betrayed her true feelings. 
She’s lying! 
Larry cupped her face and forced her to meet his gaze, then carefully studied her eyes. 
I am right. She really is avoiding me. 
“You still love me, don’t you?” His voice was as tender as his gaze. 
“Let me go, Larry. I’ll call the cops if you keep this up!” she threatened, but was actually panicking on the inside. 
She must really hate me. Larry released her as per her request. 
“I’ll wait for you until the day you marry me.” 
“Don’t wait. Who knows? Maybe I’ll marry someone else one day,” she intentionally provoked him. 
“Don’t you dare!” he roared and rammed his fist into the wall. 
I don’t owe him anything. He cheated on me, so why can’t I marry someone else? 
Abigail barged in and castigated, “That’s enough! Stop arguing now. Eat first, then you can continue where you left off!” 
This girl really has perfect timing, doesn’t she? Gratitude and relief flashed across Joan’s eyes.
“Here, Larry. This fish is for you. Joan specifically asked me to prepare it for you,” Abigail emphasized as she handed a lunchbox to Larry.
###Chapter 2374
Chapter 2374 
This naughty girl! Why did she tell him that? Joan shot her a glare, signaling for her to keep her mouth shut. 
However, she turned a blind eye to it. “Here, Joan. This is your favorite. Larry was the one who told me!” With that, she handed another lunchbox to Joan. 
Larry and Joan exchanged glances before silently digging into their food. 
Seeing the embarrassed looks on their faces, Abigail pursed her lips and stopped talking. 
Larry had already dealt with most of the issues at Norton Corporation. Since Joan didn’t want to go back, naturally, he would also choose to stay by her side. 
Although Joan would occasionally express her dislike for him, he believed that deep down, she still cared about him. It was just that she was too afraid to admit it, and constantly hid her feelings. 
“You can go now!” the woman snapped from the bed. 
Go? Go where? Does she expect me to leave her here alone? Well, there’s no way I am going to do that. 
“I’m not going anywhere. I’m staying right here with you.” Larry was adamant. 
Why is he being so stubborn all of a sudden? Joan huffed angrily as she trained her gaze on the newspaper in her hands. 
“Joan, if Jessica never showed up, would you have divorced me?” Larry asked out of the blue. 
Of course not! Joan flipped a page halfway, slightly dazed by his question.
But what’s the point of saying this now? 
“Just… don’t talk to me, okay?” she muttered weakly. 
Suddenly, Larry took large strides toward her and cupped her cheeks, imploring her with his gaze. “Answer my question.” 
Thrown into a frenzy, Joan retorted, “Larry, don’t you think this is a stupid and useless question? It has already happened. There’s no such thing as ‘if’. We’re all adults, so let’s be realistic, okay?” 
“You’re right. Humans are realistic. Otherwise, you would never have divorced me. So please, answer this unrealistic question of mine.” Larry was persistent. 
What’s wrong with him? Joan pinned him a cold look, then sighed as she felt a pang of sadness. He’s already a stubborn person, to begin with, but now he’s taking it to a whole new level. 
“Don’t lie to me. I want you to tell me the truth!” he demanded. 
“You want the truth? Fine, I’ll give it to you. Even if Jessica never showed up, other women would, and I’d end up divorcing you anyway. It’s that simple.” 
If she was being honest with herself, she never wanted to divorce him in the first place. In fact, she never thought she would really file for a divorce. However, during that period of time, their relationship was going through a really rough patch. Even Delilah couldn’t take in anymore and suggested a divorce. Of course, it was merely a suggestion. But who would have thought that Larry would actually agree to it. That was something she had never expected would happen in her life. 
What was more, Larry did not tell her that Dustin had become Norton Corporation’s largest shareholder, let alone explain to her the real reason he agreed to divorce her. 
“After all we’ve been through, you still don’t trust me!” Larry had a displeased look on his face.
Suddenly, a phone rang from the table. It was Larry’s. 
He glanced at the screen and without hesitation, put the call on speaker. 
Jessica yawned on the other end of the line and said lazily, “My dear brother, where are you?” 
Dear brother? Why did she call him that? Joan eyed the phone in Larry’s hand, completely baffled. 
“I am out of town. Why?” Larry got to the point. 
“Nothing. I just wanted to ask you a few things. Have you settled the issues at Norton Corporation? Do you need my help? Also, have you kissed and made up with Joan? I mean, what’s a grown man like you waiting for anyway?” Jessica berated him through the phone. 
Larry glanced at Joan next to him before looking back at his phone with a satisfied expression. 
As expected of my dearest sister. Who said we need to be blood-related to be in sync? She probably sensed that I needed help and called in such a timely manner. 
“Mm, she’s beside me now,” Larry spoke slowly.
###Chapter 2375
Chapter 2375 
Jessica instantly perked up when she heard that. 
“Really? Quick, put the call on speaker. I wanna say a few things to Joan. Are you done? Am I on speaker now? Okay, I’ll begin now! Joan, I owe you an explanation about what happened before. Yes, I admit I had wanted to pursue Larry initially because I found him to be a very capable and outstanding man, but it was only sisterly love I felt for him. We see each other as siblings, so of course, there’s nothing going on between us. Don’t be mad anymore, okay? You’re still the woman Larry loves the most. He’s never cheated on you with another woman either…” 
While Jessica earnestly described everything in detail, Joan listened intently with a cautious look in her eyes. 
Meanwhile, everything in the ward had reached the ears of the man outside the door. 
His name is Larry? He’s the president of Norton Corporation? So perhaps he’s a Norton? Jake clutched the thermos flask in his hand as his lips curved into a vague smile. Then, he walked away. 
Abigail hastened over right then and asked, “Hey, Jake. Aren’t you going in?” 
“Oh. There’s someone else inside. I don’t wanna disturb them.” With that, he left. 
At least he’s not without sense. Abigail shrugged her shoulders as she watched the figure at a distance. 
Then, she entered the room without knocking and queried, “What are you both up to?” 
“Nothing. We just talked on the phone earlier,” Larry answered, looking unusually calm. 
However, the woman on the bed was the exact opposite.
She was under the impression that Larry had cheated on her with Jessica, and that they were officially together. However, It turned out that everything was just a misunderstanding. 
Jessica probably felt that her explanation wasn’t clear enough because after Larry hung up, she called several times, wanting to eliminate all of Joan’s worries and doubts. 
“I’m telling you, Joan. Larry has always been a man of his word. Since he said he only sees me as a sister, you can trust that he really means it. Besides, he’s like family to me too. And rest assured, I’ve never had indecent thoughts about him either…” Jessica laid it all out. 
Listening to everything Jessica said, Joan suddenly felt like she had severely misunderstood Larry. 
Seeing that Joan had finally known the truth, Larry kept gazing at her with an expectant look, hoping that she would finally give him the love he so craved. 
“That’s enough. I know I was wrong, okay?” Joan coaxed the man in a gentle voice. 
“Then, can I get a kiss?” Larry offered his cheek out in emphasis. 
Is this really appropriate? Joan looked around and at the speed of lightning, leaned forward to leave a chaste kiss on the man’s cheek. 
“Are you still mad?” he asked. 
“No. It’s all my fault for losing my temper and giving you the cold shoulder before figuring out the situation…” Joan bowed her head and admitted her mistake. 
After a brief pause, she blurted out, “But you doubted me too.” 
Larry failed to smother his chuckle. 
How can she be so adorable?
“I know that you, Dustin and Caiden are just friends.” 
With Jessica’s clarification, Joan was visibly much happier as she felt the knot in her chest loosen. 
Finally, the misunderstanding between the two of them was resolved. 
“Okay. Let’s go home then.” Before she knew it, Larry had started packing her things. 
How can he be so bossy? Don’t I have a say in this? Although Joan was dissatisfied by his behavior, she wasn’t angry. 
“Are you really leaving, Joan?” Jake walked in just then and stared at her longingly. 
How could I forget? I’ll be leaving a friend behind. 
Feeling regretful that she was parting with her new friend, Joan walked up to him and said, “Yes, Jake. I’m going home. Take care of yourself, okay?” 
Standing beside them, Larry was hit by a wave of jealousy when he witnessed this scene. 
“Who is he?” Jake deliberately asked Joan. 
“He’s-” 
“I’m her husband,” Larry cut in and answered for her.
###Chapter 2376
Chapter 2376 
Suddenly, Jake felt his chest constrict. 
From the looks of it, they’ve probably made up. His expression hardened even as a trace of helplessness flashed across his eyes. 
“What are you talking about? You’re not my husband yet, okay?” Joan hastily contradicted. 
She’s still denying! Larry stared at her pointedly, expressing his discontent. 
“Alright, alright. He’s my fiancé,” Joan compromised. 
It was the truth. They were currently divorced and had only just gotten back together. 
Despite that, hearing her call him her fiancé was already enough to make Larry happy. 
“I see,” Jake responded emotionlessly. 
It seems like I’ll have to work harder! Because if I don’t, this woman will be taken away from me. 
Joan thought that she would never see Jake again after this farewell. Little did she know that this man had already devised an elaborate plan to make her his. 
… 
“Oh my, what happened to you, Joan?” Delilah hurried over to the woman and asked with worry lining her face. 
“I’m fine, Ms. Young. Just some minor injuries I sustained over there,” Joan played it down.
How is this a minor injury? As Delilah stared at her right arm, a hint of frustration entered her eyes. Why does this girl always make others worry about her? 
“Whatever you say. From now on, I suggest you don’t go anywhere and just stay at home.” Delilah shot her a stern look. 
Aware that it was her mistake, Joan did not refute it. 
“Mom, what happened to you?” Lucius ran over with a worried frown. 
“It’s nothing. Have you been a good boy, Lucius?” Joan stroked the boy’s head. 
“Of course. I listened to everything Grandma said.” Then, he hugged her tightly and pouted adorably. “You were gone for so long. I missed you, Mom.” 
The mother and son sat together, filling each other in on the little things that happened while they were apart. Lucius talked about school, and Joan told him about her travel. It was a heartwarming sight. 
She’s finally back. 
Delilah observed the two of them from the kitchen, a happy smile gracing her lips. Larry was talking on the phone at the side, seemingly very busy. 
“I need to see that file in half an hour!” With that, Larry ended the call. 
Picking up his coat, Larry informed, “Joan, I have to go back to the company for a bit.” Before she could respond, he was already halfway to the door. 
There he goes again. With a cloud hanging over her, Joan sighed as she watched him leave. 
Forget it. It’s up to him. Norton Corporation needs him.
“What’s wrong? Where did Larry go?” Delilah queried while serving the food on the dining table. 
“He has gone back to the company,” came Joan’s simple answer. 
He’s still working at this hour? Delilah pursed her lips skeptically. 
“He’s been very busy recently,” Joan explained, but her voice didn’t carry any emotions. 
Despite being upset, she did not blame Larry. 
The next morning, sunlight shone into the room onto the woman in bed. Joan flipped over and stretched out her arms. As expected, it was empty. 
Seeing as his side of the bed was cold, it was obvious that he did not come back the night before. 
She got out of bed and drew the curtains open to look at the sky. Closing her eyes slowly, she breathed in the fresh air around her and found everything just the same as before. 
“Joan?” A familiar male voice came from outside the door. 
It’s Larry! Brimming with excitement, Joan sprinted to the door. Sure enough, it was the man who had been plaguing her mind day and night. 
“Why are you back only now?” She threw herself into his arms and whined, a hint of disappointment lacing her voice. 
“I’ve been busy at the company recently. You can understand, right, Joan?” Larry gave her a light peck on the forehead. 
“Of course, I understand, silly. I just kinda miss you,” she admitted softly.
Hearing what Joan said, Larry’s heart felt warm and his face brightened up with a smile.
###Chapter 2377
Chapter 2377 
“You must be tired. Come and get some rest.” She got ready to leave his embrace. 
Larry buried his head below her neck and pleaded, “Can you stay and rest with me?” 
To her, his pheromone was like honey to ants, irresistible. She gently nodded and went back into bed with him. 
The business was slow at the supermarket, possibly affected by the earlier incident, whereby Dustin faked a contract in his attempt to usurp Larry’s position. 
Dustin was seated at the sofa, languid. He felt helpless. His plans to destroy Larry failed, and he did not win over Joan. What was worse was that he had lost touch with her as well. All the unexpected turns of events made him anxious and down. 
“Mr. Silverman, are we bringing out the new stock today?” one of the staff walked in to consult Dustin. 
“No,” he replied. 
The staff at the supermarket could see he was not in a jovial mood, so they left him alone. 
“Do you think our manager is going to stay down in the dumps for long?” 
“I hope not. He doesn’t look like such a weakling.” 
“But he has been depressed for so long.” 
A few of the staff were gathered in a corner, talking about Dustin. They were concerned for him.
They had developed a cordial relationship with Dustin, so they were willing to overlook the mistake he made. They knew he was just impulsive and was not an evil guy by nature. 
“Shall we call Joan and ask her to come by to console the manager?” 
“I think better not. That’s not very appropriate.” 
“What is inappropriate? There is nothing wrong with showing concern to your colleagues.” However, the problem was that Dustin and Joan were not just colleagues. 
“What are you talking about?” Dustin was running his fingers over his messy hair as he walked over and asked. 
He came over because he heard them mentioned Joan’s name. 
“Nothing much. Shall we get together for a meal tonight?” one of them asked, changing the subject abruptly. 
“Joan, you are here,” Caspian greeted. 
“Joan!” Jessica burst out. Joan was thrilled to be there. 
All the staff at Norton Corporation had their eyes on Joan and they seemed glad to see her. 
“Oh my! Mrs. Norton is finally here.” 
“Ya. But I thought they are divorced? Have they reconciled?” 
“Who knows? But divorce is not permanent, so they can always remarry.” 
The staff at Norton Corporation were secretly rooting for Larry and Joan to get back together. The two of them had been through thick and thin, and it would be such a shame for them to part ways.
“Why are you here?” Larry immediately stood up and asked. 
“I came to visit you and brought you lunch.” She brought out the food and placed it on Larry’s table. 
“The weather is getting colder out there, so don’t bother coming,” Larry remarked. 
Why? He doesn’t want me here? Joan was offended, so she went to sit down on the sofa and ignored him. 
Larry was not aware of her mood change as he was focused on his work on hand. 
Joan stole glances at Larry as she mindlessly swiped on her phone. It did not take long for her anger to dissipate. 
She could see how busy he was that he did not have time to get sufficient rest and eat proper meals. She felt sorry for him. 
She stood up, walked over to him, and pleaded softly, “Larry, it is past working hours. Can you take a break and eat something?” 
Larry looked up upon hearing her voice. He stared at the face in front of him that he adored, and smiled. 
“Okay. Feed me,” he quipped and waited with his mouth opened. 
“Stop fooling around. This is the office,” she nudged him and protested. 
“Then, I shall not eat.” Larry turned and continued with his work. 
Since when has he become such a rascal? Joan tilted her head and thought for a little while. Then, she proceeded to open up his lunchbox.
###Chapter 2378
Chapter 2378 
“This is your favorite fish. Delilah specially bought this for you as she said you need to eat better.” Joan picked up a piece of fish and fed it to Larry. 
Delilah had always been observant. She knew the idiosyncrasies of Joan, Larry, and Lucius. 
“Yummy! But nothing beats the fact that my wife cooks well!” Larry grabbed her by her waist and pulled her towards him. He had a naughty look in his eyes. 
“Watch your image!” Joan chided and knocked him lightly on his head. 
He did not have to put on any pretense in front of her. Larry put his face close to hers and blew gently into her ears 
“Larry!” Jessica yelled as she barged into the room. 
Joan immediately stood up from Larry’s lap, looking embarrassed. And there was an awkward silence in the air. 
“I’m so sorry. I did not realize you are having your lovey-dovey moment. Please go on. I will get out of here.” Jessica jested and turned to leave. 
“Stop there!” Larry grunted. 
“Shoot. What’s up?” 
Jessica stood by the door and hesitated. Should I stay or should I leave? 
“I’ll go to the washroom.” Joan made an excuse and left the office.
“Well done, Larry! You have made quick progress with Joan!” Jessica ran over to Larry and slapped him on his shoulders. 
She had dispensed with formality and was acting pally with him. Larry looked up at her solemnly. 
Jessica had a look of guilt in her eyes and was smiling sheepishly as she knew she hit him too hard earlier. “Hehe…” 
“Out with it, and stop being a nuisance,” Larry groused. 
He doesn’t have to be so cold to me just because his wife is back, does he? Jessica glared at him and protested in silence. 
“Are you going to just keep mum? Then get out, or I’ll call for the security.” 
“Alright, I’ll speak. My bookstore business has improved, so I thought of exploring with you about starting a franchise,” she stated. 
That’s good news! Larry looked pleased. This meant her career is taking off! 
However, as franchising was a complicated matter that involved many issues, Larry asked, “Have you given it thorough considerations?” 
“Not yet. That is why I am here to discuss this with you. I don’t have much experience in business and need more information on many matters, so I thought of seeking some advice from you,” Jessica added. 
She has grown up and becomes more mature. Larry stood up and stared out of the window, deep in thought. 
He disagrees? Or is he contemplating? Jessica looked at him and wondered anxiously.
“It is fine. But the bookstore is yours, your business, so you are ultimately responsible. I can only play a supportive role. You cannot rely on others, understand?” Larry lectured solemnly. 
At the end of the day, she would have to learn to be independent and manage her own business! 
He could only give her support for now, but that would not be a sustainable long-term arrangement. 
“Noted,” Jessica responded. 
Larry’s intention was clear. He wanted her to make her own decisions. He had confidence that given her intelligence and savviness, she would be successful. She would gain the experience to become a better business person in no time. 
“I’ll make a move then.” With that, she left. 
Joan entered the room and asked, “Why did you not help her?” 
“I know there is nothing between the two of you, so you don’t have to worry about me getting jealous,” she added. 
The issue would not bother her anymore since they cleared up the misunderstandings. 
“It is not because of you,” Larry assured, as he held her in his arms and gently caressed her hair. 
“Running a business is like fighting a war. Your foes and competitors are out to defeat you. If she constantly relied on me, what would she do if I were not with her someday?” Larry explained. 
Alas, Joan understood his good intentions. 
“Hey, you have been paying lots of attention to Jessica lately, so keep a lookout for her,” Larry said.
On the other end of the line, Caspian was baffled by what Larry just said.
###Chapter 2379
Chapter 2379 
“What happened, Boss?” Caspian was worried. 
“She is contemplating starting a franchise to expand her business, so she will have to handle many things and may also encounter some issues with jealous competitors…” Larry explained. 
She is such a career-minded lady! Caspian smiled and hung up. 
No wonder she was not keen to get involved in a relationship. I guess she planned to dedicate herself to running the bookstore. 
Caspian was very understanding and willing to wait for her. 
“I heard you plan to start a franchise?” he asked. 
“Yup.” Jessica admitted. 
Why is her attitude so cold all of a sudden? Caspian frowned, and he was troubled. 
“Are you okay? Why do you sound so languid?” 
“Nothing. I am studying,” she replied. 
After Larry lectured her, she brought a pile of books home from the bookstore. She planned to read up on as much information about business in the shortest possible time. 
“Joan, where have you been?” Caiden yelled from a distance. 
“I went out for a while. What’s wrong? Are you looking for me?” she asked. He was the bane of her life. 
“I miss you.” Caiden went up to her with a tender look in his eyes and confessed.
Not again! Joan was embarrassed. 
She had made it clear to him that there was just friendship between them, not love. However, he would have none of that and kept on pestering her. 
“If you have no other matters, you can leave now,” she responded coldly. 
Is she chasing me away? How could she be so heartless! 
“Joan, you have changed! What happened?” he queried. 
What a nuisance! Even if something did happen, it had nothing to do with him. Joan was getting a little impatient. 
She turned to walk into the garden and ignored him. 
“I’m busy. Please leave.” As she was about to close the door, Caiden ran in to block her and grabbed her arms. 
“What do you want?” 
“Why can’t you accept me? Can’t you spare a thought for me? You have disappeared for such a long time. I really missed you!” Caiden implored. 
“Caiden, take a hold on yourself. We are friends and nothing else. Please don’t bother me unnecessarily.” She was harsh and cold, and she did that on purpose. 
Since she had reconciled with Larry, she knew she had to draw a line with people like him. Joan was very straightforward when it came to love. She would not accept an unfaithful man, and she would never get involved in any love entanglement. 
“But you are divorced, ain’t you? So I have the right to go after you.” Caiden was adamant.
That is ridiculous! He knows that I do not like him, yet he is so persistent. What is wrong with him? Did I not make myself clear enough? 
“Caiden, listen to me. Larry and I may have divorced, but we still have feelings for each other,” Joan confessed. 
Does that mean she is going to reconcile with him? Caiden stood there, dejected. 
Thump! Someone kicked the door open. 
“Who’s that?” Caiden hollered. 
“It’s me!” It was Larry who showed up unexpectedly. 
When Larry heard this man came to look for Joan, he immediately dropped everything and drove over. 
“Why are you here?” Caiden asked. 
“I should be the one asking you,” Larry retorted. 
Joan could clearly feel Larry’s hostility. 
Oh my! I should get Caiden to leave now. 
“Go, quick!” Joan muttered under her breath as she pushed him out. 
Why should I leave? Caiden turned to face her, stubborn refusal clearly written on his face. 
“I’m not leaving!” he thundered.
###Chapter 2380
Chapter 2380 
“Fine. Let’s have a chat over a meal then,” Larry proposed. 
That was the outcome he was hoping for. Caiden walked towards Larry and nodded affirmatively. 
For men, there’s nothing that could not be resolved over a drink. They could go from stranger to buddies after a drinking session. Joan had never imagined in her wildest dream that Caiden would be closer to Larry than to her after that meal. 
“Larry, you are shameless. Why are you still pestering Joan even after the divorce?” Caiden demanded, drunk. 
“Because I like her, I love her! Are you jealous? Then have a fair competition with me!” Larry was also tipsy. 
Both men were drunk with flushed faces but did not have any intention to stop drinking. 
“But I am at a disadvantage! Joan loves you, not me. If she likes me, I will definitely not give up,” Caiden roared as he gulped down another drink. 
“I am glad you knew. Let me tell you something. She belongs to me, and only me. No one can take her away from me, and she will never leave me for another man!” Larry laughed out loud, pleased as punch. 
In the private room, the two men were laughing and singing, screaming and yelling. Larry was far from his usual image of a high and mighty CEO, while Caiden looked nothing like his poised self. They were both very high, as it was more like they were venting all the suppressed emotions they had.
“Come, Larry, let’s take a wefie together as a memento,” Caiden raised his phone and said out of the blue. 
“No! Look at the two of us! How can we take a photo in this state?” Larry refused. 
“Come on! Why not? I can’t win over Joan, so I’m going to make her jealous. As revenge for rejecting me.” Caiden said, with a mischievous twinkle in his eyes. 
A drunk Larry thought that made sense, so the two men started posing and snapping away. 
It was late the following day when they woke up. They lay on the opposite side of the same sofa, rubbing their own temple, trying to open their eyes. 
“Oh… My head hurts!” Caiden groaned. 
“Me too!” Larry moaned. 
Instantly, Caiden jumped up from the sofa. 
“Why are you here? What did you do to me?” he exclaimed in horror as he looked at Larry. 
Is he out of his mind? Can’t he remember a single thing from the night before? Larry pounded his head and gradually sat up. 
“What would I do with a skinny and ugly man like you? First of all, I am straight. Then, the one I love is Joan.” Larry muttered. 
How dare he looked down on me! Caiden turned around and drew the curtains. He could see it was almost noon, and he should get going. 
“I’m leaving now. Let’s pretend nothing happened last night,” he declared.
No way! He promised me he would give up on Joan last night! 
“Caiden Owens, are you a man? How could you not honor your words?” 
“What did I promise last night?” Caiden questioned, unsure. 
“You said you would give up your desires on Joan and be her friend. You also said you would be nice to me.” Larry hooted with laughter. 
Caiden was bewildered. He could not associate this garrulous man with the confident and poised Larry Norton he knew. 
Both men were not really sober at this point in time. 
“Did I really say that?” 
“Do you want to listen to the recordings?” Larry countered. 
What an evil man! He even recorded that as evidence! Caiden waved him off, rejecting his offer. 
They were both suffering from hangovers, but memories from the night before gradually came back to them. Incredulously, both men became buddies after that.
###Chapter 2381
Chapter 2381 
Back in the office, Caspian was curious. “Larry, how did you end up drinking with Caiden?” 
They were arch-rival. Did they really go for a meal and drank together? This is unbelievable! 
“We had a meal together, that’s all. Stop exaggerating.” Larry threw him a glance and said. 
Two love rivals sat down for a meal together? Well, if that is not headline news, what is? Caspian could not read Larry’s mind. 
He changed the subject, pointed at a pile of documents on the table, and said, “The assistant just sent these documents for you.” 
Suddenly, Caiden entered the office and exclaimed, “Larry, let’s go for a meal!” 
Caspian was perplexed by Caiden’s presence. 
“No, I’m not going.” Larry rejected Caiden resolutely. 
“Why? Are you going to ignore me?” Caiden mumbled as he walked over and sat down. Caspian was so shocked. 
Don’t tell me something strange happened between the two men last night? Is there a shift in Larry’s sexual orientation? Caspian eyed Larry, hungrily searching for more juicy clues. 
“Stop your nonsense. And you, stop speculating. There is nothing between the two of us,” Larry roared in frustration. 
He is so eager to clarify and brush it off! That means it is true! Caspian was convinced his guess was right.
He was worried he would get influenced by these two men, so he tried to get away. 
“Larry, I have something on. I’ll make a move first.” Caspian retreated hurriedly as he spoke. 
I had better stay out of this. Even if I wanted to help him get over his confusion, I don’t think I will be successful. It had always been me taking instructions from him. We had never reversed that role. Joan would be a better candidate to help him in this matter. 
“Your buddy seemed to have misread us,” Caiden remarked, unbothered. 
“I am aware,” Larry said. 
“Ain’t you worried there will be gossips about us?” 
That will not happen.” Larry was confident. 
He knew Caspian well. Even if he had privy knowledge into some gossips, he would keep it to himself. He was never a blabbermouth. 
“What are you saying? Larry and Caiden? How is that possible? Caspian, is there a misunderstanding? Larry is straight!” Joan was defensive. 
“I know, Joan. But that doesn’t mean Caiden is. If Larry is led astray by that jerk, we are in trouble,” Caspian grumbled. 
“Okay. You keep this to yourself. I will find out!” With that, she ended the call. 
What mischief is Caiden up to? Fancy him seducing Larry! And what is wrong with Larry? Why is he entertaining Caiden? 
After being rejected by Larry, Caiden went home.
Jaden and Noelle were not in. An emotionally perplexed Caiden lay down on the sofa and mindlessly flipped through the newspapers. 
He did not expect he could hit it off and be buddies with Larry. 
“Caiden, open the door!” Joan was outside the door. 
Why is she here? She doesn’t have to be mindful of being seen with me anymore? Caiden had a mischievous thought in mind, and he ran towards the door. 
“My dear Joan, are you here to cook for me?” He looked at his watch and asked sweetly. 
Cook for you? Dream on! Joan stomped into the living room and looked around. Thank goodness Larry is not here. 
“What are you looking for?” Caiden asked. 
“Not looking for anything. I came for some clarification. What is happening between you and Larry?” She went straight to the point. 
“Nothing. We just clicked!” he shrugged and replied. 
What he meant by clicked was they became friends. 
However, Joan’s mind got the wrong cue, so she misconstrued that as they fell for each other. She rested her hands on her hips and fumed.
###Chapter 2382
Chapter 2382 
“What’s wrong? Shouldn’t you be happy we are no longer hostile towards one another?” Caiden posed softly. 
He must be crazy! She was in distress. 
“Caiden Owens, you look like a normal guy. Why don’t you find yourself a girlfriend? Why do you have to mess with my husband?” Joan growled. 
Why can’t men have a good time together? Everyone thought it’s fine when women are close to one another, but most frown at the news of how close some men can be. 
“Stop meeting Larry from now on,” she demanded. 
“Why?” he asked, baffled. 
He has the audacity to ask me why? Is he really oblivious or is he feigning ignorance? 
“I’ll whack you if I ever see you with Larry again in the future!” With that, Joan turned and left. 
She is still so adorable! Caiden rued his unrequited love for Joan as he watched her disappear through the door. 
If I had met her before Larry did, would she have agreed to be my girlfriend? 
Life can be boring and funny at the same time. Caiden turned to walk into the kitchen and made himself busy. 
Joan headed straight to Norton Corporation after she left Caiden’s place. In the office, Larry was napping on his table.
He must have been drained out from the night before as he looked tired. 
Joan took the blanket from the sofa and gently draped it over Larry. Unfortunately, she woke him instead. 
He rubbed his eyes and asked, “What brings you here?” 
“I came to visit you.” She decided not to raise the subject about him and Caiden. 
“Let’s eat out tonight, just the two of us,” Larry suggested. 
That totally wiped out any doubts she had about this man. 
He is absolutely fine! 
“Sure!” 
Larry and Joan had not visited Nancy since she gave birth to her daughter. If Nancy hadn’t called Joan, she would likely have procrastinated. 
“Is love a frivolous game to you? First, the two of you divorce, then you reconcile.” Nancy nagged at Joan as she kissed her baby. 
Joan was embarrassed. It was incomprehensible to her as well. Everything happened in a flash, and the divorce ended even before it could sink into her mind. 
“Oh, by the way, did Dustin contact you?” Nancy popped this question unexpectedly. 
“No. I have not met him in a while.”
“He was ousted from Norton Corporation, so he must be devastated.” Nancy shook her head and muttered. 
Joan was surprised by Nancy’s revelations. The thought of what Dustin would do just to take over Norton Corporation never crossed her mind. She could never imagine that he would even resort to illegal means such as faking evidence. 
She was puzzled why Larry kept her in the dark and quietly took on all the burden by himself. 
“Stop wondering. Larry chose to divorce you as he wanted to protect you from being dragged down by him. I’m glad everything is back on track now,” Nancy elaborated. 
Although Dustin was Jory’s buddy, Nancy could not side with him as his conduct was abominable. 
On the other hand, Joan was overwhelmed with guilt. Larry must be so emotionally distressed during that ordeal, yet I was throwing tantrums at him. 
“What happened then? How did Larry wrestle back and gained control of Norton Corporation? And how did Dustin get ousted?” She desperately wanted to find out. 
“Larry left the country for an extended period of time. I heard he was trying to find a sleeping shareholder who had kept himself away from the business world. His efforts were not wasted, as he managed to find him,” Nancy explained. 
Joan knew Larry left the country, but she did not know he went away for Norton Corporation. She also did not know the hardships he faced while he was overseas. Now that she was made aware, her heart bled for him.
###Chapter 2383
Chapter 2383 
“Joan, you ought to treasure Larry. During his most difficult times, he chose to proceed with the divorce in order to protect you. And he never gave up on you even after he got Norton Corporation back.” 
She is right. I owe this man too much. 
“Enough about that. Now, look at my daughter. Isn’t she adorable?” Nancy quickly changed the subject as she was worried Joan would start crying if they continued talking about what Larry has gone through. 
She was aware that things had been tough on both Joan and Larry. They had been through so much together over the years, but nothing had separate them so far. The only time they were apart was when Joan went missing after the accident. Thankfully, destiny was in their favor, and their paths crossed again. 
“I’m sorry I could not send you my best wishes when you gave birth, as I was not well myself,” Joan apologized softly. 
“That’s alright. I totally understand. How is your health, Joan? I heard you went through surgeries. Are you okay?” Nancy asked with concern. 
“I’m fine now,” Joan assured her. 
After having gone through lots of ups and downs in their lives, the two ladies had matured. Their topics of discussion were no longer playful and carefree like before. 
“Baby, Joan is here to see you!” Nancy was smiling as she interacted with the baby in her arms. 
Joan was very pleased with the sight of Nancy looking blissed and elated.
She had finally become a mother and was no longer the wilful and unreasonable Nancy Barrymore. 
“Joan, I realized a person would change after becoming a mother. I’ve learned so much from motherhood,” Nancy said. 
She was absolutely right. Women had an advantage when it came to taking on different roles. Many could instinctively become wonderful wives and mothers without any guidance. It was easy to see how they achieved that. Women were naturally more sensitive and nurturing; hence, they would make sure everything at home was properly taken care of, so their kids and husband could enjoy a comfortable life. 
“Nancy, you are getting more beautiful by the day,” Joan praised. She meant both her beautiful face and the inner beauty in Nancy. 
“Nancy, what would you like to eat today?” Jory chirped as he walked in. He seemed to be in a good mood. 
“Joan is here.” Jory saw her and immediately went forward to greet her. However, the twinkle in his eyes dimmed. 
“The two of you have a good chat. I’ll make a move now.” Joan stood up and was ready to leave. 
“Don’t go now! We were together every day and had run out of things to talk about. You stay and chat with me!” Nancy grabbed her arms, refusing to let her go. 
“Yes. Nancy had been looking forward to your visit. Since you are here, do stay a little longer.” With that, Jory left the room instead. 
“Ignore him,” Nancy dismissed as she took a glance at the door closing behind him.
Did they have a little tiff? Joan scratched her head and wondered. 
“Did the two of you fight?” she asked Nancy. 
“No, baby knows I can’t be bothered to fight with him, right? Mommy was just annoyed that Daddy keeps secrets from me,” she said, obviously out of spite. 
From the look of it, the two had some disagreements. 
“You can confide in me if you want. It is not good to keep bad feelings bottled up. The tension will affect your child too,” Joan remarked. 
They fought over a small matter. Nancy was unhappy Jory knew about Dustin’s sinister plot against Norton Corporation, yet he chose to keep quiet about it. 
“It is normal for a couple to bicker, but don’t be too harsh on Jory. You had just given birth, and he had to manage his company affairs as well, so it must be quite taxing on him.” 
“Joan, what’s wrong with you? Why are you siding Jory instead?” Nancy pouted, upset.
###Chapter 2384
Chapter 2384 
She was not siding Jory. After she got to know the hardships Larry went through, she saw things differently. Sometimes, it can be tough being a man. 
“Of course not. I had your interest in mind. I felt so sad when I saw Larry drained by what happened recently, so…” she hesitantly tried to explain. 
She did not have to finish her sentence. Nancy understood where she was coming from. 
“Joan, your phone is ringing.” 
“Coming!” Joan responded as she came hurrying out from the washroom. 
“Where are you? I’ll go and pick you up.” It was Larry. 
“I’m at Nancy’s place. You don’t have to do that. Let’s meet at the restaurant.” She cared dearly for him and wanted him to get more rest. 
Joan was about to hang up when Larry cut in, “Just stay there. I’ll pick you up.” He hung up without giving her a chance to . 
“What’s up? You have a date with Larry?” Nancy probed, looking at her inquisitively from the sofa. 
“Let him court you like before. It’s good that you can enjoy the sweet ‘I’m in love’ experience again,” she jested. 
At this age? Romance is not a high priority after you have kids. To Joan, what was more important was for the family to have a peaceful and happy life. Everything else was secondary.
“Hey, your precious is crying again. You’d better attend to her.” Joan directed her attention back to her baby. 
Nancy immediately picked up her baby and started pacifying her, “Mommy is here. It’s alright. No more crying, my precious baby.” 
“What? You are not kidding me, are you? Joan is back?” Dustin shouted in disbelief, his gaze fixed on Jory. 
He had been trying to find out about Joan’s whereabouts without success for a long time. It was a little unreal when he suddenly heard that she was back. 
“Yes, she is back. She came to visit Nancy yesterday,” Jory replied listlessly. 
By this time, she would be aware of my unsuccessful attempt to take over Norton Corporation. Would she hate me for that? Remorse and sorrow overwhelmed Dustin. 
“Have a good chat and explain to her,” Jory patted him on his back and consoled. 
Dustin knew Joan well. She valued integrity in a person and would despise him for the unscrupulous move he made. Dustin dejectedly took out a cigarette and started smoking. 
“Since when did you start smoking so heavily?” Jory was concerned. “Since the day Joan left.” That was Dustin’s reply. 
Jory could clearly see that Joan had a special place in Dustin’s heart all this while. His love for her had never changed, be it before or after her divorce. His motivation to fight for Norton Corporation was also her. 
“They have not remarried. You still stand a chance,” Jory reminded him. The fact was, Larry and Joan only had eyes for each other, and they would not let anyone into their hearts.
Dustin looked out of the window and sighed wearily. He knew Joan would not marry any other man even if she divorced Larry. And Larry would ultimately marry her again. 
“It’s not going to work,” Dustin despondently replied. 
Jory felt sorry for the disheartened Dustin. 
The greatest weakness of his buddy was his stubbornness. Once he set his heart on someone, he would not give up easily. 
“Are you going to meet her?” Jory was curious. 
Of course! I still stand a chance so long as she and Larry are not married. He still harbored a faint hope. 
“She is at the park. Do you want to go there to take a look?” Dustin turned around to look at Jory, gave him a smile, then hurriedly went out. 
Yes, he was heading out to meet her! Joan was seated on a bench in the park and staring into the sky. She could not understand why Dustin was picking on Larry and undermining Norton Corporation. 
“Excuse me, could you please kick the ball over to me?” Her thoughts were interrupted by a little kid’s shout. 
Joan looked down and saw a football next to her. The earnest look in the kid’s eyes reminded her of Lucius.
###Chapter 2385
Chapter 2385 
“Sure!” She extended her right leg and gently kicked the ball back to the little kid. Dustin was watching her from afar. 
That was why he fell for her. She was kind, innocent and he loved her loving and gentle interactions with kids. 
“Joan.” She was in a terrible mood when she heard that familiar voice calling out to her. Should I ask him about his attempt to sabotage Norton Corporation? He should be feeling remorseful, right? For a moment, she was lost for words when she faced him. 
“Why are you here alone?” Dustin asked tenderly. “I just wanted to take a breather. What about you? It has been a long time. How are you?” Joan returned. 
“I’m fine, but I missed you.” He was direct. 
Joan was taken aback and speechless. She sidestepped and changed the subject. “I heard business at the supermarket was slow recently. 
She did not have to hear that from anyone. Dustin was in such a sad state, and that said it all. “Still manageable. What about you? I heard you went on a vacation. Are you feeling better after the trip?” he asked with concern. 
“I’m fine.” The park was eerily quiet as they exchanged pleasantries awkwardly. 
Joan was contemplating whether or not to ask him about Norton Corporation, while Dustin was also pondering if he should confess to her what he did to the Nortons. They were both mulling over the same subject but did not dare to bring it up.
It took him much effort to win her over as a friend. Dustin desperately hoped he will not lose her respect over the Norton Corporation incident. 
“Are you okay?” Joan gently asked. “I’m fine. What can go wrong?” he replied with a forced smile. 
“Dustin, don’t you have anything to tell me?” Joan finally could not suppress herself and pointedly asked him. There should be no secrets between friends, especially between old friends like them. 
Dustin hesitated, and his expression clearly showed his sense of guilt. She knew, after all. Heck! Rather than letting her imagination run wild, I might as well come clean. 
“Yes, I have a confession, Joan. You may think I am evil, but you cannot deny the fact that I love you. I wanted to win you over from Larry and marry me. I wanted to destroy Larry, to crush his confidence…” 
He was brutally honest and direct. Joan thought she was mentally prepared for anything he threw at her, but his words still gave her the shudders. 
“Why? I thought we were friends? Why did you do this to me? Don’t you know when you destroy Larry, you are destroying me at the same time?” Joan did not mince her words as well. 
He wasn’t surprised she said that as he could see it coming. Her heart was filled with love for Larry, with no place left for him. 
“Why are you so cruel?” Dustin brooded. Joan was bewildered. She did not know what wrong she had done to him. Or, how she had offended this man. 
“Dustin, I hope you remember that you are my savior and friend,” she offered. 
“Then?” he asked. 
“And, that’s all we can be.” That was her reply. As expected, she was resolute.
And true enough, he had no place in her heart. The saddest part was, he had spent so many years waiting for her. 
“I always wanted to maintain a good relationship with you, but you keep trying to put us in trouble,” Joan continued. 
“Joan, you know I can never co-exist with Larry!” It would be a miracle if two love rivals can get along peacefully. “Fine. This is the end then.” With that, she stood up to leave. 
Dustin pulled her into his arms and held her tightly. “Could you give me another chance, please?” His pleading was so heartfelt and ardent that she nearly succumbed. “Let go of me!”
###Chapter 2386
Chapter 2386 
“Dustin, are you out of your mind? Let go of me!” Joan shouted. 
She never expected him to behave so disrespectfully towards her. 
“Joan, can you please leave with me?” Dustin buried his face in her neck and begged. 
His breathing was heavy and rapid. She knew he was aroused. 
“If you want to keep our friendship, then let me go this instant,” she barked coldly. 
Unfortunately, he was not interested in being her friend. He had always seen her as his better half, or even his wife! 
“I’ve pinned for you for too long. I do not wish to wait any longer,” he cried out. 
Who asked him to wait? From the start, I have made it clear that it was impossible for anything to happen between the two of us! 
“Dustin, I am not going to repeat myself. If you continue to behave like this, I will not show you any mercy!” Joan had a glint of menace in her eyes as she warned him. 
“No, I am not letting go!” 
Ouch! Dustin let out a scream. Joan bit into his arm with all her might. 
“From this moment, we shall not meet again. Don’t come looking for me, and we will take it as we have never met before.” Joan turned and stormed off after leaving him these harsh words.
What a ruthless woman! How cruel of her! Dustin was left standing there with his fist clenched, disgruntled. He could not understand how Larry was superior to him. He could not understand why Joan was so besotted with that jerk! They are divorced, and she is single now, yet she refuses to give me a chance. 
That is so unfair! 
Thump! Dustin waved his fist and hit the tree next to him. Blood oozed out between his fingers, but he could not feel any pain. 
No pain could compare to the heartache he felt at that moment. 
The phone in his pocket had been ringing non-stop, but he was too devastated to notice it. After a long while, he finally snapped out of his distress and answered the call. 
“How did it go? Is everything okay?” Jory’s voice was filled with concern. 
“I failed.” Dustin replied feebly. 
Joan was the only woman he had ever loved. Since she came into his world, he had no place in his heart for any other woman. Unfortunately, she had already taken someone else into her heart. 
Jory was seated at a corner table of a cafe, sipping on his coffee, waiting for someone. 
Soon, a sullen man walked in. 
“Leave!” Out of the blue, Jory uttered this. Dustin lifted his head to look at him, puzzled. 
“Joan is not interested in you. It made no difference whether she was still married or divorced. You knew where you stand, Dustin, so please stop this foolish act,” Jory implored.
Yes, indeed, he was foolish! Foolish enough to pin for that woman for so many years. 
“But I can’t let go of her,” Dustin cried, wretched. Why couldn’t he just let go? She has Larry, and she is contented. 
“You should pursue your own happiness and stop wasting your time and efforts on Joan,” Jory continued to persuade him. 
He hated to see his best buddy wallowing in sorrow over this unrequited love. 
Moreover, it was a pointless one-sided obsession. He had been in denial and refused to acknowledge the reality. 
The two men had a long chat. The sky was dark when Dustin shuffled out of the cafe, crestfallen. 
His only weakness was Joan. He would do anything to win her over, to save their relationship. Unfortunately, his dream shattered because of Larry. 
It was sad that life played cruel jokes on Dustin, but he got used to all the lemons thrown at him. As a man, he could only suck it up and bear with everything.
###Chapter 2387
Chapter 2387 
“Where have you been?” Larry asked gently as he saw Joan walking into the living room. He actually saw what happened in the park. 
“I went out for a stroll,” Joan answered. 
She did not talk about what happened between her and Dustin because she did not want to annoy Larry. 
“Where did you go?” He probed. 
“The park.” There was no explanation, so Larry looked towards Joan, waiting for one. 
Nevertheless, Joan said nothing and went straight to her room. 
Is she in a bad mood because she feels guilty? Or is it something else? 
“Dinner’s ready!” Delilah announced from the dining room. 
“Coming!” Lucius exclaimed as he hurried out his room. 
“Where’s Joan? Is she still out?” Delilah asked. 
As though she heard her, Joan shouted from her room, “I’m skipping dinner!” 
What happened here? Did something happen between her and Larry? Delilah’s gaze shifted from Joan’s room to the man in front of her as suspicions filled her mind. 
“She’s just a bit tired today,” Larry quickly explained. 
“Dad, why’s Mom tired?” Lucius asked with a soft tone.
Larry patted Lucius head. “Your mother is a little busy recently.” 
Is that so? I didn’t hear anything about any event happening at the supermarket, though. Despite the thought in mind, Lucius lowered his head and went on with his meal. 
Meanwhile, Delilah added more food to his plate. “Eat up, Lucius. Your exams are coming up soon, so you need all the energy you can get.” She attempted to change the subject. 
“It’s been freezing recently. Don’t forget to put on more clothes,” she continued. 
On the other hand, Joan was standing at the window in the room, looking out at the pitch-black sky, lost in her thoughts. 
Besides Larry, Dustin was another person she trusted the most. She felt heartbroken to think that Dustin would treat her like that. 
“Joan. What happened between you and Dustin?” Nancy called Joan on the phone. 
“Why did you ask?” Joan responded with a question of her own. 
“Jory told me that Dustin is leaving soon. I think he said he was going overseas.” 
Is it because of what happened? The thought made Joan shudder as her heart sank. 
Is our friendship going to be over, just like that? 
Right then, Larry opened the door. “What’s wrong? Are you really not eating?” he asked. 
“I’m not hungry.” 
Hearing that, Larry’s heart ached as he looked at the fatigued expression Joan wore on her face.
“Did something happen?” he asked deliberately, trying to get Joan to come forward. 
“It’s nothing,” Joan muttered. 
That was very straightforward. What is she trying to hide? Larry scanned her from head to toe like he was anticipating something more. 
“Joan, did you forget something?” Larry asked out of the blue. 
Joan was caught off guard as she did not know what the man in front of her was referring to. 
“Not that I know of,” she denied. Larry figured she was not going to tell him anything no matter what, but he continued probing. 
“Did Dustin contact you recently?” 
“He did.” Joan’s answer was brief. Having said that, there was no more follow-up as Joan left the room. 
What is she trying to hide? Larry looked at the woman from upstairs, flustered. 
“Mom, Grandma kept some food for you in the kitchen,” Lucius’ voice echoed from the living room. 
“Alright. Got it.” Joan replied immediately. 
The next morning, Larry woke up early and headed to the company. Delilah worked in the garden, and Lucius went to school, so Joan was the only one left in the house. 
After what happened between Dustin and her, Joan decided to quit the job at the supermarket. Hence, she sent Dustin a text informing him that she would no longer go to work.
At the supermarket. “Mr. Silverman, are you really leaving? We’ll all miss you,” an employee said as she cried.
###Chapter 2388
Chapter 2388 
“That’s right, Dustin. Things will come to pass. You don’t have to go abroad. Moreover, what’s going to happen to us if you leave?” 
“Mr. Silverman, please don’t go… “ 
Truth be told, Dustin seemed cruel and merciless sometimes, but he treated the employees in the supermarket extremely well. Not only was their pay two times higher than the workers in the other supermarkets, but he would also organize gatherings for them frequently. Because of that, everyone listened to him and was reluctant to see him leave. 
“Alright now! Be happy. I’m not dead and I’ll be fine, so don’t worry about me,” Dustin responded with a smile as he looked around. 
He was looking for Joan, but she was not there. She’s still angry at me! Why won’t she forgive me! 
“Mr. Silverman, let’s get together tonight, shall we? We’re going to miss you!” an employee proposed out of nowhere. 
“Yeah! Mr. Silverman. Let’s have a meal together, take it as a farewell party!” a girl chimed in while wiping away her tears. 
What happened right there made Dustin feel warm inside. 
Of all the things he had done in the past, working in this supermarket was the one thing that he never regretted. 
“Alright then. You guys go tidy everything up. We’re getting off early today,” Dustin announced before heading to his office.
Will Joan come tonight? I doubt it. She must really hate me now. Dustin rested his head on the desk. His silhouette was that of an exhausted man. 
In the end, he needed to let go and disappear for a while. 
Jory told him to go traveling more often so he could meet different people and see something different. Maybe he would meet the one true love that he had been waiting for in his long-awaited travels. 
Soon after, everyone was done with their tasks. So, Dustin went ahead and brought them to a restaurant nearby. It was the most luxurious restaurant there with a great ambiance. They would always go there for all the gatherings. 
“Hey, where’s Joan? Is she not here yet? Quick. Give her a call,” a woman said. 
“I did. She said she had something going on, so she won’t be able to make it,” someone responded. 
What is this girl doing? How could she miss such an important occasion! Dustin’s leaving, but she’s acting like it’s not a big deal? 
“Hey! Joan. What’re you busy with? Get over here right now!” A plump woman shouted at the phone. 
“I have things to attend to, so I won’t be able to make it.” Joan was discreet as it was just an excuse. She just did not want to see Dustin. 
“Come on. Don’t tell me you don’t know how Dustin feels about you. Everyone in the supermarket knows that he worked at the supermarket because of you! On top of that, he has done so many things for you! Even if you don’t like him, you should still have the common courtesy of bidding him farewell, right?”
Her statement left Joan speechless at the other end of the line. Joan did not know what she could say to refute the woman since none of them knew what happened between the two of them. 
“Alright now. Just come here quickly. Don’t make me go there and drag you out personally,” the woman said before ending the call. 
At that moment, Joan was staring at her phone with a perplexed expression. She was lost all of a sudden. 
What should I do? Joan could not forgive what Dustin did to her and Larry just yet. But he’s leaving soon! 
She hesitated for quite some time before finally making up her mind, walking out, and headed straight towards the restaurant. 
Back at the restaurant, the private room Dustin and the lot were in was livelier than ever. Everyone was smiling, glasses clanging around as they toasted and mingled. No one was thinking about how it was Dustin’s last night in the country and how they may never get to see this man again.
###Chapter 2389
Chapter 2389 
The door opened all of a sudden, and Joan walked in. 
She took an awkward glance at Dustin, then she smiled at everyone. 
“Sorry, I’m late,” Joan said as she approached the table. 
“What do we do to latecomers?” One of the older women raised her hand out of the blue. 
“She has to drink!” Everyone answered simultaneously before bursting out into a fit of laughter. 
Seriously? Joan looked at what was going on in front of her, backing away instinctively. 
“I am not feeling well today, so… “ 
“So you should drink even more!” a young man exclaimed. As soon as those words came out of his mouth, the mood in the room was heightened to the next level. 
“I’ll drink for her!” Dustin immediately stood up. 
Joan was astonished by the man in front of her. Her face blushed as she was at a loss. 
They just got in a fight not long ago, but Dustin had offered to help her resolve the situation. 
“Huh? Are you worried about Joan, Mr. Silverman? Why don’t you worry about me instead? I look good too, right?” A young lady sauntered towards Dustin with narrowed eyes and a glass in hand. 
“Stop that! You should just go and enjoy your drink!” A young man came along and pulled the lady to the side. 
“It’s alright,” Joan spoke. “I’ll drink.” She picked up a glass and started drinking.
“Cool! Alright, guys. Get the drinks ready! She has two more to go!” 
Watching how Joan down the drinks worried Dustin. 
He knew that she was greatly disappointed with him and did not want to pay him any heed. 
“Okay! One more! One more!” The other employees were cheering Joan on. 
Soon, she lost count of how much she had and got drunk. 
“Joan, wake up. Don’t sleep here.” Dustin patted her on the shoulder. 
They got her really drunk. 
“Mr. Silverman, Joan is drunk. You should send her home.” 
Everyone in the supermarket knew that Larry and Joan were divorced. They were hoping that Dustin could get together with her, so they made sure to create some alone time for the two. 
“Yeah, Mr. Silverman. We should be going home too. It’s late. We’ll leave Joan in your care.” 
It did not take long before everyone left, leaving only Dustin and Joan behind. 
He slowly approached her and uncovered her face under the strains of hair, caressing it with a strange expression on his face. The longing and love he had for her welled up inside him. 
“Larry… “ The woman on the sofa mumbled. 
All she thinks of is Larry even in her sleep. Dustin was rather helpless when he heard that. 
He once thought that Joan would notice his existence as long as he stayed by her side and secretly protected her. Lo and behold, she had finally noticed him, but it was time to say goodbye.
Dustin was both scared and disappointed. He truly had no idea what he should do to attain the woman’s heart. 
Meanwhile, Joan’s phone in her bag had been ringing. It was obviously Larry. Looking at the name on the screen, Dustin’s expression darkened. 
“Joan, wake up. Larry’s calling you.” He gave her a light shake, but Joan was out cold. 
After quite some deliberation, Dustin crouched down and carried Joan on his back before leaving the restaurant. 
“Larry, Joan’s not back yet. Could she be in trouble?” Delilah looked towards the sky and asked softly. She was quite worried. 
“I’ll go look for her!” Larry exclaimed, grabbing his coat and headed out. 
Having said that, Larry saw a familiar face not far away right after he left the house. 
Why are these two together? Why is she on his back? Larry froze on the spot, exuding a murderous aura.
###Chapter 2390
Chapter 2390 
Damn it, Dustin! How much more brutal can you get? First, you tried to destroy Norton Corporation and my career Now you’re trying to take Joan away? It looks like everything’s planned out! 
“Joan Watts!” Larry roared, staring at the man and woman that were approaching the doorstep. 
Joan jolted on Dustin’s back but quickly resumed her unconscious state, closing her eyes once again. 
“She’s drunk,” Dustin explained. So? You’re the one that made her drink so much. 
Larry was certain that Joan was not the sort that would easily drink outside. She knew how low her alcohol tolerance was. There was only one explanation for her being in her current state, and it was the doing of the despicable man in front of him. 
“What happened here?” Delilah came out to help Joan into her room. “Why did she drink so much all of a sudden?” 
While Delilah moved Joan to her room, Dustin was in the living room. He took a glimpse at Joan’s room before looking at Larry. Then, he shrugged with a smile on his face and got ready to leave. 
“I heard you’re leaving the country?” Larry spoke. His voice was unnaturally loud. 
“That’s right.” Dustin’s answer was brief yet firm. 
“I hope you’ll behave yourself,” Larry added. Dustin snickered when he heard that, immediately leaving the living room. 
Truth be told, he had been behaving himself all those years. Now, Dustin only wanted to live his life without being shackled by rules and etiquette. We don’t live that long. It’d be a shame if I don’t enjoy
life while I’m young. I don’t want to have only painful memories to remember when I’m old. 
Dustin responded with a “Thank you” and left without looking back. 
The next day at the airport. Dustin was alone with his luggage, taking in his surrounding for the last time, trying to remember everything in this city. He could still see Joan Watts’ silhouette, engraved at the back of his head. 
“Have a safe trip!” Jory exclaimed as he popped out in front of Dustin from nowhere. 
Jory, his one and only buddy, was the only one who came to send Dustin off. 
Dustin made it clear with the employees that the farewell dinner was their last meeting. He did not want them to come to the airport as it would only make things more sorrowful. 
“Thanks. You take care too,” Dustin replied, smiling. 
“Will you still come back?” 
Jory’s question was something Dustin had to ponder about. He never actually gave it any thought. Dustin was really exhausted. He did not want to continue living for someone else but his own life instead. 
Joan, on the other hand, was staring blankly into the blue sky. 
Eventually, a plane flew by in her view. It was the plane Dustin was on. 
Then, Larry came along and wrapped his hands around her. “What’s wrong? Something happened?” he asked softly. 
“It’s nothing,” the woman answered in a similar tone.
Larry knew she had something on her mind as it was written all over her face. Why are you still denying it? He raised his right hand and gave Joan a light pinch on the face. It was an endearing gesture laced with some of his anger. 
He was angry at her for not being truthful to him, but he would also forgive anything she did out of the love he had for her. After all, Dustin has left. 
“Joan. Let’s get married!” Larry rested his head on her shoulder. 
The statement stumped Joan and snapped her back into reality, straightening her clothes. 
“Why are you bringing this up all of a sudden?” She was a bit embarrassed. 
The question seemed redundant to Joan. But then, Larry kissed her forehead, making an effort to show her his affection. 
He never wanted the divorce in the first place, so it was only normal for them to remarry. 
“Mom… “ Lucius suddenly came in. 
He was astonished to see what was going on. 
“I’m sorry. You guys continue,” he said awkwardly, with a nosy expression. 
“Lucius!” Joan broke free from Larry’s embrace and exclaimed. 
“What is it? Do you need anything?”
###Chapter 2391
Chapter 2391 
“It’s nothing. Grandma asking you to give her a hand at the garden. That’s not necessary anymore. I’ll be enough help,” Lucius answered as he skipped and hopped away. 
Before Joan could give chase, Larry’s hand stretched out and grabbed her wrist, pulling her back into his arms. 
“Larry, stop fooling around. I need to go to the garden.” 
“Lucius already said that you’re no longer needed,” Larry quickly refuted. 
However, Joan was not in the mood for Larry’s pampering because of Dustin’s departure. 
“Alright. I’ll go and do the laundry then,” she said as she flung Larry’s arm to the side and left. 
Larry did not know why Joan was acting so cold, but he had a vague suspicion that it had something to do with Dustin. 
“Joan, what’s the matter with you?” Larry went straight at it. 
He did not want to see her sad, nor did he want to see her in a bad mood. 
“I’m fine.” The conversation they were having was awkward, to say the least. 
At the office. “Larry. Now that Dustin’s gone, when are you and Joan remarrying?” Caspian asked quietly. 
His question made Larry stop what he was doing. Larry did not know the answer because Joan did not give him a proper response.
That’s right. She has not agreed nor has she rejected his proposal. 
“Why do you ask?” Larry questioned. 
“Larry!” Jessica barged without any warning. 
“What are you doing here?” Caspian was not too happy about seeing her. Jessica stopped in front of him and inspected him for a moment, disdained. Why can’t I be here? 
“I miss Larry!” she answered. 
The sheer determination in her tone made Caspian feel like his confidence had been crushed. 
“Nonsense!” Larry raised his head and took a glance at Jessica. 
“It’s true though, Larry. I really miss you.” Jessica pouted. 
“I’ll head out now,” Caspian spoke as he walked towards the door. 
“Don’t! Why are you leaving when I just got here? How insulting of you!” Jessica quickly swooped past Caspian and stood in front of him with her arms on her waist. 
At the same time, a sense of irritation welled up in Caspian’s gaze. He could not bear to see the woman in front of him acting all friendly with another man, even if she said Larry was her brother. 
“He is just jealous,” Larry added from the side, and Jessica understood immediately. 
“Caspian. Tell me the truth. Do you still like me?” She had no intention of beating around the bush, asking him with a straight face. 
“What are you talking about? I’m leaving now!” Caspian slipped past her, opened the door, and left, leaving Jessica dumbstruck.
“Larry, why is Caspian angry?” She asked. 
“You can go ask him yourself. Stop bothering me!” The air in the room instantly turned cold from the roar. 
Why is everyone so temperamental all of a sudden? Jessica walked around the office for a bit, feeling confused, before quietly leaving. 
After he was alone again, Larry put down his pen and took out his phone, staring hopelessly at Joan’s phone number. 
Back at the house, in the garden. Delilah asked, “Joan, are you not going to remarry Larry?” 
“There’s no rush.” 
Joan certainly wanted to remarry Larry. However, she somehow did not have the motivation to follow through. To her, that was inevitable. It was just a matter of time. 
“Are you alright? It feels like you’ve been in a bad mood recently,” Delilah continued. 
“I’m fine.” 
What’s actually going with this girl? Why does she always have a sour look on her face? Is it because Dustin has left? And I thought she never like him? 
“Joan, tell me the truth. Who would you choose between Larry and Dustin?” 
“Larry, of course.” Joan raised her head and answered affirmatively. 
Why does she look so sad then?
###Chapter 2392
Chapter 2392 
“Then, how are you feeling right now?” Delilah asked. 
What does that mean? Everything’s perfectly fine! Without saying a word, Joan turned around and went into the house after picking up a pot beside her. 
“Joan!” An irritating voice came calling out to her at the door. 
As soon as she turned around, Delilah just looked at her, astonished. “Are you two still in contact?” 
No way! He’s the one that keeps pestering me. 
“Ms. Young, Joan, I’m here to help.” Caiden hurried over and carried a flower pot towards the house. 
“Caiden. Be honest. Why are you here?” Joan was straight to the point. 
“Nothing much. I just thought I’d drop by for a visit.” 
“I remember telling you not to visit me ever again,” Joan continued, making Caiden feel out of sorts. 
He was not expecting such a cold reaction from her after not seeing each other for so long. 
“Caiden,” Delilah intervened. “What Joan is trying to say is—as a man, you should be putting more attention into your business.” 
She knew that Caiden was a nice guy. He merely fell in love with the wrong woman. She understood that Joan was only treating him so harshly because she wanted him to give up on her completely. 
“I know, and I’ve been working hard,” Caiden answered.
Truth be told, he had been working extremely hard. He had sacrificed his free time on doing research, persevering through all obstacles, and even gave up his traveling plans. All that happened because he was motivated by the woman standing in front of him. 
Caiden wanted to prove to her that he could stand his ground when he was being compared with Larry. In fact, he wanted to show her that he was better than Larry. 
“I heard that Dustin has left the country,” he suddenly brought it up. 
His statement caught both ladies in front of him off guard as they just ended the topic a moment ago. 
“That’s right,” Joan responded. Her answer excited Caiden immensely as he could finally confirm that one of his love rivals had given up, leaving him with only one left. 
Back then, he had to consider Joan’s marital status when he pursued her. But things were different now, and he could finally compete with Larry openly. 
“Joan, would you like to go out for dinner with me?” Caiden asked cautiously as he observed Joan’s reaction. 
“No, thanks.” It was an instant rejection. 
Joan was never going to give him any chances, to begin with. The only she had in mind was how to make Caiden give up his pursuit. 
“Why not? It’s been such a long time since we last had a meal together!” 
“Caiden Owens. Stop fooling around. Nothing will ever happen between you and me. Just leave. I don’t want to see someone running over here with a knife.” Joan was absolutely ruthless with her words.
And that someone she was referring to, was Noelle. Noelle was a woman with a serious case of dual personality disorder. She could be as gentle as a lamb for one moment and ferocious like a starved lion in the next. Joan knew all too well how crazy Noelle could get, so she figured it was best to not associate herself with Caiden, as well as the two Ford siblings. 
“Don’t worry, Noelle and Jaden left for their hometown. No one will be bothering us,” Caiden remarked. 
“Mr. Caiden!” Lucius appeared out of nowhere with his bag as he ran towards him. 
“Lucius, do you miss me? Let’s go out for dinner tonight, okay?” Caiden turned away from the two women and asked. 
“Really? That’s great! Grandma, Mom, let’s go together!” the child exclaimed. 
Eventually, Lucius’ persistence was able to sway Delilah and Joan’s decisions. They had their guards up against Caiden, but no one could resist the excitement that emanated from Lucius’ eyes. 
“Grandma, I want pizza!” Lucius exclaimed in Caiden’s arms. 
Naturally, Delilah agreed since it was the child’s wish. 
Soon enough, they arrived at a pizza joint nearby.
###Chapter 2393
Chapter 2393 
“Where’s Dad? Why isn’t he here yet?” Lucius asked. 
As a matter of fact, no one informed Larry about the dinner, so it was unlikely that he would show up. 
“Your father is busy today. He couldn’t make it,” Joan replied. 
She knew about the grievance Larry had with Caiden, so she figured it was best not to inform Larry about what was going on. 
“Lucius, here you go.” Caiden proceeded to place a slice of pizza on the kid’s plate. 
“Thank you!” Lucius accepted with a smile. 
The mood of the dinner seemed to be very lively, but it was mostly due to Lucius and Caiden. Meanwhile, both the women had awkward looks on their faces. 
Then, Joan told them that she needed to go to the washroom, leaving her phone behind on the table. 
Before she returned, it rang. So, Lucius took a look, picking up the call without a moment’s hesitation. 
“Hello? Dad? Mom’s in the washroom right now.” He ate while he spoke. 
On the other end of the line, Larry was surprised to hear the child’s voice. 
He could also hear the hustling and bustling of Lucius’ surroundings. “Lucius, where are you?” 
“I’m having pizza at the pizza joint with Mom, Grandma, and Mr. Caiden!” Lucius answered innocently. 
There’s nothing wrong with eating pizza… but why is Caiden with them? A cold glint flickered in Larry’s eyes.
“Did your mother drink any alcohol?” he asked. 
“Nope. Grandma didn’t let her.” Lucius’ answer gave Larry some relief. 
Caiden noticed what was happening and curled his lips. 
That scumbag Larry is definitely jealous right now. 
After that, the four of them continued their meal as though nothing happened, not knowing what Larry was doing at the moment. 
“Head down to the pizza joint and settle the bill for them,” Larry exclaimed in his office, stumping the assistant beside him. 
“Mr. Norton, which pizza joint are you referring?” 
Larry raised his head and looked towards the assistant for a bit before taking out his phone and dialed in a number. At the same time, he gestured for him to leave the office. 
“Hey, Caspian. Take a trip to the pizza joint… “ 
Caspian had been by Larry’s side for a long time. Thus, he knew everything that went on with Larry and Joan. 
Soon, it got late, but Lucius was still very much indulged in the lively atmosphere. 
“Lucius, it’s time to go. You have school tomorrow,” Joan reminded her son. 
“It’s alright Mom. I’ve done all my homework.” 
Meanwhile, Delilah was getting anxious as she looked at the moon outside.
“Let’s go home, Lucius. It’s getting late,” she spoke. Lucius had never gone against anything Delilah said in the past. But this time, he was clearly unhappy about it. 
“It’s okay.” Caiden patted him on the shoulder. “We can always come here again in the future.” After the lot dilly-dallied for about half an hour, they finally left their seats. 
“The bill please,” Caiden called out to a waiter 
“Table six, right? It’s already paid for,” the manager answered, confusing Caiden. 
When did that happen? Did Joan pay for it? 
He turned around and looked at her. “Didn’t I tell you it’s my treat?” 
“I never said I was going to pay for it,” Joan replied. 
With that, their heads turned towards Delilah, who was just beside them. 
“It’s definitely not me. I’m only here for the free food and drinks,” Delilah explained as soon as their gaze met. 
Everyone was looking at each other with, suspicious. 
“Could it be Dad by any chance?” Lucius asked out of the blue. 
That’s impossible! Larry was never here! 
“Excuse me, can you help me check who was it that paid for our meal?” Caiden asked the manager.
###Chapter 2394
Chapter 2394 
“It was a Mr. Caspian.” 
It really was him! 
Caiden’s blood boiled as soon as he heard that name. 
God dammit! Who knew he’d do something like this! 
“Alright then. Since Larry has paid for it, let’s go home!” Delilah exclaimed and walked out with the child’s hand in hers. 
“I’m sorry, Joan. I didn’t know… “ Caiden was at a loss for words. 
In fact, he was not the only one who was surprised. Joan was also astonished that Larry would do something like that. 
“Dad!” Lucius suddenly called out outside the pizza joint. 
He gave Joan quite a shock. What time is it? Why is he here? 
“Lucius, did you have fun?” Larry greeted gently and picked him up. 
“I did! It would have been even more fun if you were with us.” Lucius was elated. 
“Alright. Let’s go then. Oh, and thank you for accompanying them, Mr. Owens,” Larry said after getting Lucius into the car. 
“You’re welcome,” Caiden replied in a clipped tone. 
“We’ll be on our way then,” Joan said before she headed towards the car.
Looking at them all happy made Caiden extremely jealous, giving off a cold vibe. 
“You came just at the right time, Larry,” Delilah praised him in the car. 
Larry smiled and gave Joan a side-eyed stare while driving. 
“You’re amazing, Dad. You actually knew where we were!” Lucius exclaimed. 
Of course! I’m Larry Norton! There’s nothing I can’t do. 
“Where have you been, Caiden?” Noelle shouted from the living room with a coquettish tone. 
Caiden eyes widened, dumbstruck. “Why are you here?” 
He was sure that she and Jaden left for their hometown. Why did she come back? 
“I came to see you of course. Do you miss me?” 
“That’s not going to happen, so you better stop wasting your time on him,” Jaden said as he came down the stairs. 
“Jaden! Can’t you give me some encouragement instead!” 
“He’s just stating facts,” Caiden chimed in. 
Caiden had lost count of the times he rejected the woman in front of him, but Noelle was relentless. 
She kept on thinking that, Caiden would be moved by her relentless pursuit one day. She did not know that Caiden’s heart had no room for anyone else besides Joan. 
“Joan!” A loud greeting stunned her in place. 
“Huh? Don’t you remember me?” Jake ran towards Joan.
No way! It hasn’t been that long, right? He looked at Joan attentively, waiting for her response. 
“I remember you. But what are you doing here?” Joan asked in a soft voice. 
“I’m here to look for you.” Jake smiled. 
He’s joking, right? What does he want with me? At that moment, a vague uneasiness slowly crept up of Joan. 
“Am I not welcomed?” Jake asked. 
He was unwelcome, but Joan was worried that he might be there to cause problems. 
Nowadays, people were not what they seemed to be. A lot were cruel and merciless yet disguised it under a facade of kindness. 
Joan already had a lot on her plate with Caiden and Dustin, so she did not want another man to cause her more trouble. 
“Why are you here? Is there something you need?” Joan got straight to the point. 
Anyone could hear that she was not pleased to see that man from the way she spoke. 
“I’ll be living here from now on.” Jake smiled. 
Suddenly, Joan’s mind went blank. It was like she was struck by lightning out of nowhere. 
“Is that so?” she muttered. 
She was at a loss for words, not knowing what to say to the man before her. Happy? I can’t tell him that because I’m definitely not. But I can’t say I’m sad either! That’d be too much!
###Chapter 2395
Chapter 2395 
“Since it’s your first day here, I’ll treat you to a meal.” Joan finally mustered up a reply. 
No matter how she put it, there was no reason she should not show some common courtesy, especially if they were to become neighbors. 
“Sounds good!” Jake immediately accepted her invitation. He was dying to grab any opportunity to spend time with her. 
The two of them went to have a simple meal together at a restaurant nearby before going their separate ways. 
As far as Joan was concerned, it was better to distant herself as soon as possible. 
Jake, on the other hand, was already planning in his head on how he should approach her. 
“Caiden! Your mother wants you to go home and have dinner!” Jaden shouted from the living room. 
“I’m not going.” Caiden’s answer was swift and decisive. 
“You have to go back tonight. Aren’t you being too cruel? She has been hospitalized for so long but you never visit! You’re her son and you’ll regret it if something really happened to her!” 
Bam! Jaden slammed the door and left. 
“Caiden, you should really go home and see how your mother is doing,” Noelle advised. 
Having heard what she said, Caiden raised his head and stared into the sky outside the window. There was sympathy laced with the hint of hatred in his eyes.
That’s true… I’ve not gone home once since I came back. Am I too ruthless… Fine, I’ll go back. What’s the worst that could happen? 
After Caiden made up his mind, he went home. 
“Caiden! You’re back! I’ve missed you so much!” A woman hurried over with a smile, welcoming her son. 
Nevertheless, his response was brief and quiet. 
From afar, it looked like the living room was rather lively. 
Huh? Why are there so many people? Caiden looked around and was surprised. 
“My friend came to visit, so I figured I might as well ask them to join us,” Olivia explained. 
Is that really all there is to it? There was a flash of doubt in Caiden’s gaze. 
“Come, you’re just in time. Dinner was just served,” Olivia told him and dragged him straight into the dining room. 
“Let me introduce my son, Caiden.” 
His father, Keith, sat at the side and stared at Caiden with a stern look on his face. He’s most probably mad at me for not coming home for so long… 
“Let’s eat.” 
However, as soon as Caiden sat down, an awkward silence ensued. 
It was because he did not greet his father, Caiden even ignored the lady on the side, as well as her daughter.
In fact, Caiden knew that his mother was indirectly setting him up for matchmaking. I’m not stupid! 
“Here. Yelena. Have some of your favorite pork ribs. Try it out.” Olivia proceeded to place a piece of meat on the young lady’s plate. 
“Thank you.” 
“There’s no need for that.” Olivia took a glance at Caiden and whispered, “We’re all family here.” 
With that, the shy young lady blushed. 
“I’ll let Caiden take you out for a walk when we’re all done eating,” Olivia continued. 
“I still have things to do, so I’m leaving as soon as we’re done here.” Caiden denied bluntly, making it more awkward. 
“I’m sure your things can wait. It’s not often that Yelena gets to visit us, so please spend some time with her,” Olivia spoke into his ears. 
“Don’t we have a butler? I’m sure he knows the place more than I do.” Caiden replied nonchalantly while working away on the food on his plate. 
“It’s alright, Mrs. Owens. Caiden’s a busy man. So I would rather not bother him and walk around on my own,” Yelena quickly interjected. 
Olivia wanted to say more, but she felt embarrassed and held her tongue. 
After that, the meal went on, unpleasant as it may be because Caiden constantly refused his mother’s requests and propositions. Caiden did not like others planning out his life. So, he absolutely hated that the family would butt in and pick out a wife candidate for him.
It was clear that Yelena was also a victim of the messed-up marriage arrangement their families abide by. 
“Caspian, how is Jessica now? Better?” Larry asked, sitting on the sofa. 
“She’s fine. It was a just a bump.”
###Chapter 2396
Chapter 2396 
Jessica got drunk last night and went to the washroom in the dark. She ended up tripping and fell to the ground. If it were not for Caspian’s timely arrival, there was a high chance that she would still be lying on the floor. 
“You should check on her more often. She’s a girl after all.” 
“Am I not showing enough care for her? Larry, do you know that she’s the one torturing me every day?” Caspian was having none of it. 
Jessica had been making things difficult for him of late, and he was emotionally exhausted by it. 
“Aren’t all women like that? She’s just trying to get your eyes on her.” Is that so? She could’ve just told me, though! 
“Mr. Norton, here is the document that you have requested!” The assistant came in. 
“Leave it there,” Larry ordered without raising his head. 
“Women are very fickle animals,” Caspian remarked. 
“Just go to the hospital and send her my regards. I don’t think I’ll be able to head over. Things are getting busier recently.” 
Hearing that, Caspian instantly turned around and left the office. 
“Where’s Larry?” Jessica asked directly. “Why doesn’t he come to visit me?” 
“Larry’s really busy, so he asked me to come in and check on you,” Caspian explained as he placed the fruit basket on the table.
“How could he do this to me? I am hospitalized, for goodness sake! But is he busy?” Jessica pouted as she was discontent with Caspian’s explanation. 
“Stop it already. It’s not that serious. You don’t even have a broken rib nor a fractured leg.” Caspian was very blunt. 
Can’t you be a tad bit more thoughtful? You je*k! Jessica stared at Caspian without saying a word. 
“So, how was it?” Jaden asked when he saw Caiden. 
Truth be told, he knew about Yelena and how Olivia wanted Caiden to marry her from the start. From the outside, it might have looked like he was not on his sister’s side, seeing that he was pushing Caiden towards Yelena. But the fact was that Jaden knew Noelle and Caiden would not work out and that the Owens family was way out of Noelle’s league. 
“Did you know that Yelena was going to be there?” Caiden questioned. 
“Yes, I knew, Mr. Caiden Owens. Your mother asked me to convince you for your own good. What happens next is all up to the two of you to decide.” 
Jaden sighed. He was certain that Caiden only had Joan on his mind, so he knew that Yelena being there made would make no difference. Caiden would never pay her any heed. 
“You knew that I love Joan, so why did you do something like that?” Caiden continued. 
“Does it matter? If you really love Joan, things won’t change no matter how many ladies you meet,” Jaden answered. 
He was absolutely right. Love was never such a fickle matter. 
“Don’t you ever do anything like this again. I hate it… “
Caiden’s remark instantly softened Jaden’s heart. 
Throughout the years, Caiden only had Noelle and Jaden by his side. He knew how Noelle felt about him, so he naturally put some distance between them. Jaden, however, was like a brother to him at this point. 
“Caiden, you shouldn’t be afraid of going for those blind dates. Nothing will happen even if you go since love is not something one can force. So you might as well treat it as putting up with your parents.” 
He really knows his way around both parties. Caiden gave him a side-eye glare and said nothing. 
Just then, the doorbell rang. 
It’s definitely not Noelle since she just left. Who could it be then? Both Caiden and Jaden looked towards the door alarmingly, bewildered. 
“Is Caiden here?” 
It was the sweet voice of a lady at the door. That voice was captivating enough that it made Jaden’s heart raced for a bit. 
“Who’s looking for you?” Jaden asked. 
“I think that’s Yelena. Let me hide in the room, and you just tell her that I’m not here!” Caiden turned tail towards the stairs. 
“No, don’t you do this to me!” Jaden caught his arm just in time. “This is your problem, so you handle it. I’m not getting involved.”
###Chapter 2397
Chapter 2397 
“Come on, man. I think Yelena is actually quite beautiful. Her figure is superb, and she even has a nice personality. She’s definitely up your alley.” Caiden remarked as he flung Jaden’s hand off, hurrying upstairs. 
Seriously? I’ll have to take a look then. 
“Hi there. Caiden’s not here right now,” Jaden said while he opened the door. As soon as he did, he froze in place. 
The woman in front of Jaden emanated a noble elegance—an exquisite face, pearly white skin, and hair as dark as night with a model-like figure. This is definitely up my alley! 
“Hello,” she greeted him with a smile. 
“Hi! Come in and have a seat.” he quickly welcomed her in. Yelena looked around and walked in bashfully. 
“You’re here looking for Owens, right?” 
“Yes, is he not here?” Yelena look towards the second floor. 
“Sorry to say. He had something going on today, so he’s not here.” 
“Do you know when he will be back?” she probed. 
“I’m not sure about that. He’s usually quite busy. Can I know why you’re looking for him?” Jaden asked in return.
“I just got back from abroad and was wondering whether he could show me around.” Yelena lowered her head, blushing. 
I see! Jaden looked at her and his lips slowly curled into a grin. 
Maybe I should do that instead? 
“Never mind him then. I can give you the tour too.” Jaden spoke softly. 
“Huh?” Yelena looked doubtfully at the man before her with an odd look on her face. 
“It’s okay if you don’t feel like it,” Jaden immediately added. 
“That’s not it. I’m just worried that I might be taking up your time,” Yelena replied awkwardly. 
He was Caiden’s friend, after all. She did not want to get on his bad side. 
“Don’t worry about it,” Jaden assured. “Shall we leave now?” 
Yelena hesitated for a brief moment and took a look around one more time before nodding. Why is he so persistent? She secretly let out a sigh, unhappy. 
… 
“I heard that the Owens family and the Slone family are forming a tie through marriage.” Caspian was on the sofa. 
“I know,” Larry responded. 
There were only a few companies that were well-known in the industry. The Norton Corporation, being at the top, had the most resources and was the fastest-growing corporation. The companies owned by
the Owens and the Slone family were next on the list. Thus, it would be a massive hindrance if they came together. 
“Larry, what are you planning to do about it?” Caspian asked. 
“Let’s wait and see.” 
Is he not the least bit worried? Caspian was quite puzzled. 
However, Larry was certain that Caiden would never marry the daughter of the Slone family. Even though he and Caiden had little chance to get to know each other, Larry could tell that Caiden only had eyes for Joan. And that he would not give up so easily. Hence, they formed an agreement over a dinner they had to compete on equal terms. 
Having said that, their friendship still persisted. 
That was why Larry was very confident, even after hearing the so-called surprise. He was certain that Joan would definitely choose him. 
“Hello? What do you have in mind?” Larry asked through the phone. 
Caiden, on the other end of the call, instinctively knew what he was talking about. He grinned as though he was amused by the chemistry they had. 
“I have rejected it.” I knew it. Larry smiled as Caiden’s answer reassured him even further. 
“Why would I marry someone and let you have Joan so easily?” Caiden added. 
“I thought you were about to give up,” Larry said deliberately.
That’s impossible! I’d never hand over a girl I like as easy as that! Caiden gritted his teeth, upset with Larry’s statement. 
“Alright then, that’s all. I just wanted to know whether you gave in.” With that, Larry ended the call. He got his answer. 
“Where did Caiden go? It’s already this late. He should be back by now, right?” Yelena asked anxiously.
###Chapter 2398
Chapter 2398 
Why is she so eager to see him? Jaden’s face darkened. 
“He should be back, I think. He has been really busy, though,” he answered Yelena. 
“Let’s go back to check on him,” she responded immediately. 
Jaden was reluctant, but Yelena was surprisingly stubborn even though she looked nice and thoughtful. 
After they reached, Yelena quickly asked, “Is he back yet?” 
“Doesn’t seem like it.” Jaden went upstairs to check. 
She’s a stubborn one, for sure! It doesn’t seem like she’ll leave without seeing Caiden. 
“Where is his room?” Yelena’s question came out of the left field. 
Huh? What’s she up to? Is she going to go in? You’re kidding me. This is way too awkward! 
“Umm… It’s that one.” He pointed to a room upstairs. 
“But mind you, Caiden doesn’t like others going into his room without his permission,” Jaden added. 
But he was ignored as Yelena sneered and went up the stairs. 
Is this woman crazy? Jaden immediately cut her off. 
“What are you doing?” 
“I’m going to his room!” Yelena said it as clearly as possible.
Her tone indicated that she had already assumed ownership of the place. Jaden was absolutely puzzled. Where did she get the gall to answer like that? 
“Caiden is not here. Maybe you should try your luck next time,” Jaden was getting agitated. 
“It’s okay. He doesn’t need to be here. I only wanted to see how his room looked like,” Yelena answered with a smile. 
Just what kind of oddball is she? Who would ever go into someone’s room on the first visit? 
“But he really hates it when people go into his room. Even me.” Jaden was doing all he could to hold her off. 
“But we’re different. I’m his future wife!” 
What! Caiden has never agreed to go out with her, to begin with! So Jaden took in a deep breath and tried to talk some sense into the lady in front of him. 
“Miss. Please. Caiden would be upset if he found out what you’re doing right now.” 
“No, he won’t. He’s going to be really happy, for sure,” Yelena said as she pushed Jaden aside and marched forward. 
“What are you guys going on about?” Caiden opened the door all of a sudden. 
“You’re home!” Yelena shouted excitedly as soon as she saw him. 
“Can I help you with anything?” Caiden grunted. 
Why is he suddenly so cold? Yelena was a little disappointed. 
“I just wanted to come and see you,” she responded in a soft tone.
“Alright then. You saw me. Now you can leave.” 
Bam! 
Caiden slammed the door as soon as he finished, leaving Yelena rooted in place with an indescribable expression on her face. 
She was at a loss all of a sudden. Meanwhile, Jaden was surprised to bear witness to what went on. He did not expect Caiden to be this ruthless. 
“I’ll take my leave then!” Yelena’s voice was trembling, and she left. 
For some reason, Jaden’s heart ached a little as he watched the girl leave. 
It looks like she really likes Caiden… Jaden let out a sigh and shook his head. 
Back with Joan at her house. She was relieved to see that Jake had been caught up with his work after he moved in. 
“Joan, who’s that man?” Delilah, in the garden, asked. 
“Which man?” Joan did not quite understand. 
“The handsome man who came and looked for you the other day. Who is he?” Delilah pressed on. 
In an instant, Jake popped into Joan’s head. 
“He’s a friend I met during my travels,” she answered softly. 
However, Delilah had a hunch that Jake was hiding something. 
“You should be careful.”
Joan’s hands froze for a brief moment after hearing that. 
“Okay.” She snapped back into reality. 
Caiden was busy with work as well recently. So, he could not visit Joan, which she was glad about.
###Chapter 2399
Chapter 2399 
That being said, she had no idea what was about to happen. 
The Slone family was not a small family, to say the least, and their family business was doing really well. In fact, Yelena returned for the sake of taking over the company and to assist her father, relieving some workloads off him. 
“Give this person a call and let her send some flowers over.” Yelena, in the office, passed her assistant a business card. “Make sure she personally sends it over.” 
Within a short moment, Delilah received a call and asked for Joan’s help. 
Joan accepted without a moment’s hesitation since it was Delilah asking for help. 
“Hi there.” Joan arrived at the reception counter of the Slone Enterprise not long after. “This is the bonsai you ordered. Where do I put it?” 
“Miss Slone’s office. Head up to the thirteenth floor,” the receptionist answered without looking. 
Shortly after, Joan arrived at the thirteenth floor carrying the bonsai. 
“Come in!” 
A woman’s voice came from the office. 
“Hi there. This is the bonsai you ordered.” Joan smiled at the woman on the sofa. 
The woman slowly stood up and approached her, emanating a chilly vibe. 
Why does she look so aggressive? Joan lowered her head slightly as she was a bit intimidated.
“So you are Joan Watts?” Yelena asked. 
How does she know my name? 
“Yes, I am.” 
Yelena smiled as she looked at Joan. What a delicate-looking woman she is. 
“So, you’re the woman that Caiden has been pursuing?” she probed. 
Huh? Why is Caiden involved all of a sudden? Oh lord. Don’t tell me, is this one of that jerk’s tricks? At that instance, Joan became alerted, focusing all her attention on the woman in front of her. 
Let me see what’s up your sleeves, Miss Slone. 
“So you’re a florist,” Yelena exclaimed as she turned around, walking boastfully towards her desk. 
“I will leave the plant here and take my leave,” Joan put the flower pot down and headed straight for the door. 
I don’t care what Caiden is to her. I’m definitely not going to get involved in this! 
“Wait a minute!” Yelena shouted. 
“I need to know. How deep are you guys into this relationship?” she added. 
“We’re just friends. That’s all. I’m sorry, I’ll be taking my leave now.” 
However, before Joan could leave, Yelena quickly got close, cut her off, and stood right in front of her. 
“What are you doing?”
“I’m not doing anything. Just awfully curious about the woman that captivated Caiden’s heart of steel!” Yelena replied with a chilly tone. 
Oh… she is jealous. 
“I’m not interested in Caiden at all. He’s entitled to his own thoughts and wishes, but they are none of my business,” Joan muttered with an indignant expression. 
Back then, Joan was living a peaceful life. It was a happy life until Caiden came barging in, causing her trouble after trouble. 
“Is that so? But Caiden always liked you.” 
“But I don’t like him!” Joan shouted decisively. 
She actually doesn’t like Caiden! Joan’s reaction gave Yelena the relief that she desperately needed. So, it has always been a one-sided affair… 
“Miss Slone, is there anything else you would like to know?” Joan was getting impatient. 
She did not want to waste too much time on this. 
“That will be all. You can leave now. Oh, and remember what you said today,” Yelena let Joan off the hook. 
Hearing that, Joan immediately left without a moment of hesitation. 
If you like Caiden, just go after him, and confess to him! Why am I dragged into it? Joan was annoyed by what just happened.
Everyone thought there was something special going on between Caiden and Joan. So all those that liked Caiden would find some way to mess with Joan. At first, there was Noelle. Then, Yelena. It looks like I really have to be on high alert from now on.
###Chapter 2400
Chapter 2400 
Caiden Owens, how do you keep getting women to fall for you! What are they thinking when they fall in love with someone like you? Joan exited Slone Enterprise as fast as possible. 
“How was it. Did you reach the recipient?” Delilah asked. 
“Don’t worry. Mission accomplished,” Joan answered with a victory pose. 
“Did you get to meet Miss Slone? Why did she ask for you to deliver the bonsai personally?” Delilah suddenly recalled. 
“I did meet her. She was another one of Caiden’s admirers,” Joan replied nonchalantly. 
Delilah immediately understood the implications. 
It looks like things are going to get rough! 
“It’s alright. You only need to stop contacting Caiden. If that doesn’t work out, you should remarry Larry as soon as possible. Your other option would be to hide somewhere for a while,” Delilah proposed. 
Why do I need to hide, though? I didn’t do anything wrong! Joan pursed her lips as she disagreed with Delilah’s opinion. 
“I heard Gabriella went to Lucius’ school,” Delilah shifted to another topic. 
Her statement made Joan sat up straight, looking towards her with a serious expression. There was fear in Joan’s eyes. 
“What was she doing there?” Joan asked.
“Don’t worry. She had amnesia and lost most of her memories. She didn’t recognize Lucius. She was only there to do some charity,” Delilah assured. 
Joan had heard about Gabriella’s amnesia from Larry in the past. But she did not know if things were still the same after so long. 
“Relax. The child is fine, and everything is moving along swimmingly.” Delilah patted Joan’s shoulder and comforted her. 
That being said, Joan was still worried that Gabriella would one day remember everything and made things difficult for Lucius. 
“Mom!” 
Lucius appeared all of a sudden. 
“Oh? Why are you back so early today?” Joan caressed Lucius’ hair. 
“There are no classes this afternoon. Everyone attended a seminar,” Lucius answered happily. 
“Is that so? What did the teacher say at the seminar then?” 
Lucius went on to explain the content of the seminar about road safety. “Oh! And I saw the lady from a long time ago,” he added. 
Is he talking about Gabriella? Joan pulled him tightly into her arms, and shivered a little. 
“What did the lady do?” 
“Nothing much. She was talking with the principal most of the time. She seemed to have enjoyed it. I don’t think she remembers me.”
So it’s true… Joan was relieved after hearing what Lucius said, and the tension in her eased. 
“Okay then. Now go wash your hands,” Joan reminded. 
“See? I told you everything’s going to be fine!” Delilah boasted. 
Joan quietly nodded. 
Sometimes, Joan would get extremely worried. She was afraid that people would get hurt because of her, especially Delilah and Lucius. 
“Mom! Your phone’s ringing!” Lucius shouted. 
“I’m coming!” 
“Where are you now?” It was Larry. “Are you at home?” 
“Yeah, I’m home. What’s up?” Joan responded in a soft voice. 
“Would you like to go catch a movie tonight?” Larry continued. 
What’s this? Is this a date? That’s so unnecessary! We’re adults now and we have a long way to go. 
“No, thanks. I want to spend some time with Lucius.” Joan answered. 
Larry was astonished to hear that, even though he had mentally prepared himself for it. 
“What’s wrong?” Delilah came in. 
“It’s nothing. Larry just wanted to go watch a movie.” 
Silly you. Why did you reject him? This is a wonderful opportunity!
“Just go. I’m here, so you don’t have to worry about Lucius,” Delilah said to her.

###Chapter 2401
Chapter 2401 
“It’s alright. I don’t feel like going there, and besides, I’m exhausted,” she murmured before heading into her bedroom. 
Over the last few days, she had been feeling rather tired. Something was bothering her and making her feel uneasy, yet she could not figure the reason behind it. As such, she felt a little lost. 
“Mom, are you feeling unwell?” Lucius entered her room and asked. 
Looking at her son, she gently replied, “Nope, that’s not the case. What’s wrong? Is there anything you need?” 
To her surprise, the child commented, “I think you are unhappy, Mom.” 
He sure warms my heart. With a smile, Joan stretched out her arm to caress the boy’s head. 
She mused, “Why would I be unhappy when I have a precious son like you?” 
Climbing onto her bed, Lucius excitedly whispered beside her ear. “Mom, I think Dad bought you a gift.” 
Instantly, Joan’s eyes lit up, and she felt more energetic than before. 
When did he come back? 
“How do you know?” she questioned. 
Tilting his head with a mysterious expression on his face, Lucius took a moment to ponder. 
He finally said, “Mom, Dad loves you very much, so please play along.” Without giving away any more details, he ran out of the room.
How old is he? I can’t believe he knows how to leave others with a cliffhanger. 
“Joan? Come and have dinner!” Larry called out from the dining room. 
Sure enough, he was home. 
Despite feeling tired, Joan dragged herself out of bed. 
As soon as she opened the door, she heard a scream, followed by the popping of balloons. All she could see in front of her was petals, and it smelled wonderful. 
What on earth is going on? Bewildered, she stared at Delilah and Larry, who stood before her. 
“Mom, Happy Birthday!” Lucius appeared out of nowhere while yelling at the top of his lungs. 
Following that, Larry pushed a cake cart towards her while singing a birthday song. 
“Happy Birthday!” He exclaimed. 
“Joan, Happy Birthday! Larry specially prepared everything for you,” Delilah explained. 
At that point, Joan was overwhelmed by gratitude. 
If not for Larry’s surprise event, she would have forgotten that it was her birthday today and went through it like any other day. 
“This is for you,” Larry sweetly declared as he leaned closer to her to clasp a necklace around her neck. 
Abruptly, a loud knock sounded at the door. The people in the house exchanged confused looks. Logically speaking, no one would visit them at this hour.
“Who is it?” Delilah called out. 
A man’s voice sounded, “It’s me!” 
What is he doing here so late at night? Instinctively, Larry and Joan had their guards up. 
“Is he here for you?” Delilah turned to Joan. 
However, the younger woman was puzzled too. “I’m not sure either.” 
“Ms. Young, I’m sorry for bothering you at this hour, but is Joan at home?” Caiden politely questioned when Delilah opened the door. 
“We are about to head to bed. What are you doing here?” Delilah queried. 
“Isn’t it Joan’s birthday today? I have been quite busy recently and was not able to celebrate her birthday earlier in the day. Therefore, I’m here to deliver her birthday gift,” Caiden revealed the purpose of his visit. 
How does he know that it’s her birthday? Deep in thoughts, the older woman said nothing. 
“Joan, Happy Birthday!” He cheered before running straight to the living room where Larry and Joan were. 
“Caiden? Hello,” the child greeted. 
“Oh, Larry, you are here too.” Caiden acknowledged the other man in the room before he turned to pass Joan a box. “Here, this is a gift for you.” 
To his dismay, Joan shrieked, “I don’t want it!”
Her sudden outburst scared Lucius. 
Reading the situation in the room, Delilah whispered to the boy, “Lucius, come and have some cake with me.” Then, she swiftly picked up the young boy and headed out of the room with the cake. 
“Grandma, is everyone else not eating?” Lucius asked. 
“They are not eating it, so everything is for you,” His grandmother tried to assure him as she hurried out of the room and closed the door.
###Chapter 2402
Chapter 2402 
“I’m sorry, Caiden. I’m afraid I can’t accept your gift. Also, I think it will be best if we stop contacting each other because I’ve already accepted Larry’s proposal, and we will be getting married soon,” Joan announced while hooking her arm into Larry’s. 
The man mentioned was taken by surprise, but he quickly regained his composure. 
Playing along with her, he wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her closer. “Well, Joan has always been mine from the start. Caiden, you’d better watch yourself.” 
“That’s impossible! Joan, stop lying to me. I don’t believe that Larry has proposed to you,” Caiden roared. 
“Besides, what happened to you? Weren’t we doing fine before this? Why are you acting like this all of a sudden?” He pressed on. 
Suddenly? I’ve always been like that. 
“I’ve repeated myself countless times, but you are just so stubborn. It’s impossible for anything to happen between us! I’m simply an ordinary woman, and I would hate to get involved in someone else’s drama. With that said, please watch your friends properly,” Joan seethed. 
Immediately, Caiden understood what she meant. 
Someone must have visited her before me! 
“Tell me, who came to look for you? I will explain to them that everything is my fault, and I will bear all the responsibility. Don’t worry, Joan. I will not let them harm you in any way,” Caiden asserted.
Besides Larry, Joan did not trust the words of any other men. 
“Forget it. If you continue to pester me, I will leave here once and for all,” the woman threatened as she glared at the unwelcome visitor. 
Hearing what she had said, Larry froze. 
Where would she go? He felt anxious. 
She can’t just leave! Instinctively, he held onto her hand tightly. That gesture prompted Joan to look to the man beside her. Realizing that he was worried, she smiled at him to assure him that everything would be alright. 
“Do you have to go to such extremes?” Caiden asked. 
“Yes, that’s who I am, and this is my true self.” 
That’s impossible! She was never like this. Still, Caiden shook his head in disbelief, with tears glittering in his eyes. 
“I was never a good girl, and I don’t care about what others feel. I’m unreasonable, ruthless, have a bad temper, and definitely not your cup of tea. Whatever you’ve seen in the past was just a front I’ve put up,” Joan snarled. 
Caiden gave up finally. 
It was not because she embodied the characteristics she mentioned but because she did not even spare him a chance. 
“Caiden, please leave. My wife is clearly unhappy right now,” Larry interrupted. 
Taking one last glance at the woman before him, Caiden left reluctantly.
Bang! The door slammed shut. 
Feeling weak, Joan collapsed onto the sofa. 
She just spouted a string of cruel words that she could never bring herself to say. 
At the same time, Larry could understand how she was feeling, and it made him certain that there was really nothing going on between Caiden and her. 
“Are you okay?” He sat beside her and whispered. 
“I’m okay. Was I too harsh earlier?” Joan groaned with her eyes closed while leaning back on the sofa. 
“No, it seemed natural, and you did well,” Larry replied. 
“Larry, I’m tired,” she whined. Then, she crawled into his arms with sadness in her eyes. 
He knew how exhausted she was. Patting her back, he tried to give her some comfort. 
It seemed like it had been a long time since they had been in such close contact with each other. 
“Joan, I’m sorry,” Larry apologised after some time. 
Meanwhile, the woman was still in his embrace. She blinked a few times as though deliberating something. 
It did not take much for her to realize what he was referring to. 
Moving closer towards him, she murmured, “It’s okay.” 
“Do you hate me?” Larry spoke in a deep voice.
###Chapter 2403
Chapter 2403 
Do I? Nope! She only felt disappointed and heartbroken, but she never hated him. 
“No, I don’t.” 
Gently planting a kiss on her forehead, Larry uttered, “I will not push you and will always be waiting for you. When you want to get married, I can organize a wedding then. Does that sound okay?” 
She was afraid that she would have to go through another divorce with Larry again in the future if they got married. 
Despite that, she nodded without a word. 
In the corner of the house, Delilah overheard their conversation, and her lips curled into a smile. 
They have finally made up. 
“Grandma, would you like to have some of this? It’s really yummy,” Lucius exclaimed. 
“Sure. You can leave me a small slice,” Delilah gladly replied. 
As for Caiden, when he returned home, he sat in his living room without turning the lights on. Curling up on his sofa, he looked dejected. 
Joan, why did you have to pick Larry of all people? 
After mulling over his heartbreak, he went into a recluse. He locked himself in the study and did not bother paying attention to whatever happened outside.
“Jaden, did something happen to Caiden? It’s been a long time since he started looking like the world owes him something,” Noelle questioned worriedly. 
Of course, she wanted to see how Caiden was doing, but the latter warned that he would break ties with anyone who disturbed him. 
“Leave him alone for now. He will be fine after a few days. Instead of wasting your energy and time on him, you should take care of yourself first. His mother has already started preparing for his marriage,” Jaden reminded. 
At that moment, Noelle felt crushed. 
Even after so many years, she still could not hold up against another woman from a better background than her. 
“You don’t have to be disappointed. I will find a better guy for you.” Jaden patted his sister’s shoulder and grinned. 
But I only love Caiden. How can I forget about him after I’ve held a torch for him for so many years? Noelle sighed, with a hint of regret in her eyes. 
Boom! Suddenly, the study’s door was thrown open, and Caiden emerged from the room. 
“Is everything done?” Jaden asked on purpose. 
“Yes, it is,” Caiden confirmed. 
Perhaps because Joan had rejected him, his productivity had skyrocketed. 
“Okay, we shall celebrate tonight?” Jaden suggested.
“I will give it a miss because I want to rest.” With that, Caiden stretched his back and headed straight to his bedroom. 
Noelle watched Caiden, who was on the second floor, from the living room. She wanted to say something but swallowed her words when she heard the door close. 
“You should head home in case you disturb him,” Jaden advised. 
How can he be siding with someone else? Noelle shot her brother a begrudging look. 
On the level above them, Caiden looked at an oddly familiar number. He hesitated. 
She hates me, so why should I still bother her? 
Huh… I shall let her do whatever she wants! Frustrated, Caiden threw his phone on the sofa beside him and plopped onto his bed with his eyes closed. 
“Did he come over to look for you recently?” Delilah asked Joan out of the blue. 
“No,” Joan responded. 
When did he become so well-behaved overnight? This is not like the Caiden’s style. Delilah tilted her head, deep in thought. 
“When are you planning to marry Larry then?” Delilah shot her another question. 
Taking a deep breath, Joan muttered, “I don’t know.” She looked out at the blue skies as she tried to relax. 
“Are you tired?”
“Nope.” Joan smiled. 
Delilah knew how the younger woman was feeling. As a fellow woman, she knew the sudden divorce was a big blow to Joan. Naturally, the latter would be more cautious about entering into the same marriage for a second time.
###Chapter 2404
Chapter 2404 
“Joan!” She was startled by that familiar voice. 
Even when Delilah heard it, she unconsciously took a few steps back. 
“What are both of you busy with? Joan, I’ve been trying to reach you for a long time. Why didn’t you contact me?” Gabriella marched in and stated in a loud voice. 
All Joan wanted to do was bury her head in the sand like an ostrich that instant. She was too distraught by this woman to face her calmly. Every time they met, Joan could only recall the time where she was kidnapped and abused. 
“Gabriella, what are you doing here?” she stammered, feeling uneasy. 
“I came here to see you. What’s wrong? Have you been doing well recently?” Gabriella asked. 
Didn’t she lose her memories? Why would she think of me suddenly? Suspicious, Joan looked at the assistant standing beside Gabriella. 
“Ms. Ward’s memories are starting to come back,” the assistant explained. 
Does it mean that Gabriella remembers whatever she has done to me in the past? If she remembers everything, won’t she plot against me again? Fear ran through Joan’s veins. 
Gabriella was a clever individual and would never let someone else take advantage of her. 
“Gabriella, have some water.” Delilah waved the visitor over. 
Watching Delilah’s actions, Joan was somewhat dumbstruck.
Since when is she so polite? I thought she hated Gabriella. 
“That’s enough. She has already lost her memories, so you shouldn’t agitate her further. If she recalls all the evil deeds she had done to you, I’m afraid you won’t be living in peace anymore,” the older woman clarified while nudging Joan. 
Regardless, she will recover her memories sooner or later! 
“Gabriella, why do you have the time to stop by our place today?” Delilah pointed out in a gentle and welcoming tone. 
By now, she had already left the past behind her and could be nice to the woman before her. However, if Gabriella did get her memories back and continued to attack Joan, she would not sit idly either. 
“I have wanted to visit Joan for quite some time now, so I decided to drop by when I heard she’s living here. Joan, I can’t even remember the last time we met, and I miss you,” Gabriella cooed. 
These words did come from her heart, only because she had not recalled all the nasty deeds she had done to Joan. She was unaware that Larry and Joan were once married too. 
“Yes, I should feel honored that you are here,” Joan awkwardly responded. 
Sure, I feel so honored. I’m speechless at this point. 
“Joan, is there something wrong? Are you feeling unwell? In my memories, you were never like that in the past. Why are you so quiet?” Gabriella persisted. 
What else can I say when I’m facing someone as ruthless as you? Joan could only chuckle. 
“Gabriella, do you want to stay for dinner?” Delilah offered.
At once, Joan snapped her head towards the older lady in shock. What the hell is she doing? 
“Sure, Ms. Young. Can we have fish?” Gabriella chirped without hesitation. 
Both of them are really doing whatever they want. Exasperated, Joan looked at the moon outside the window and sighed. 
Actually, Gabriella’s current state made her seem more approachable. If she remained like that in the future, it might not be a bad thing. 
“Joan, can you get some groceries from the supermarket?” Delilah called out from the kitchen. 
Gabriella hurriedly added, “I’ll accompany Joan there!” 
In fact, Delilah’s intentions were simple. She wanted the two ladies to spend time together, but whatever happens next would be up to their fates.
###Chapter 2405
Chapter 2405 
“Ms. Young, why are you doing this?” Joan hissed. 
Gabriella was not just anyone. She was vicious, sly and did everything she could to reach her goal. Joan could not be bothered to waste her time on someone like that. Furthermore, they had nothing to do with each other anymore. 
“Well, this could be the chance to patch up your relationship with her. Who knows, she might never make your life difficult again in the future after getting along with you now,” Delilah reasoned. 
However, Joan was sure that such an outcome was too idealistic. 
Gabriella was not like them. Even if someone managed to touch her heart for a split second, she would forget about it as soon as there were better offerings elsewhere. 
At least Caiden had not come to look for Joan, and Jake had been lying low. Therefore, Joan felt more at ease. Yet, she did not know that complications would occur later on. 
Days had passed since. “Ms. Young, I’ll head to the mall now!” Joan informed the older lady. 
“Sure. Please be careful on the way there,” Delilah acknowledged. 
Since Larry had been rather busy at Norton Corporation, and Nancy had been occupied with her babysitting duties, Joan chose to head to the mall alone. 
The streets were as lively as ever and were bustling with people. 
As she headed there, she saw many office workers among the crowd. It seemed like they were rushing elsewhere, but there was a hint of joy on their faces. Is that happiness from the thought of heading
home? Otherwise, do they have plans to go for a sweet date after work? 
How nice. It seems like nothing has changed. Soon, Joan reached the mall. 
“Mrs. Norton, it’s been a while. What do you need? Do you want to get a tie for Mr. Norton? We have a new design that just came in today,” the staff at the shop pointed to a shelf. 
Hearing the staff’s suggestion, Joan slowly walked towards the shelves filled with branded goods. 
Hmm, Larry does need a new tie. Holding up a blue tie, she studied it. 
Nope. I think black will be more suitable for him. 
“Excuse me, could you bring me a shirt?” Joan requested. 
Although she was no longer married to Larry, she was already used to shopping for his clothes. 
After a long time at the mall, she finally left. 
It was dark outside, and she felt a light breeze against her skin, but she did not feel cold. 
“Joan!” As she was about to leave for home, she heard a familiar voice calling her name. 
Instantly, everyone turned their attention towards her. 
She saw several balloons before her and petals falling from the sky, emitting a fragrant floral scent. A toy airplane flew towards her and circled her head. 
Next, Caiden emerged from the crowd and walked towards her. With a tap on his phone screen, the toy hovering in the air landed on his hand.
Then, he knelt on one knee and pulled out a ring from the toy airplane. He held it up towards the woman standing in front of him. 
Joan softly gasped. What is he doing? Is he trying to propose to me? How is this acceptable? 
Embarrassed, Joan fussed, “Caiden, get up quickly!” 
“Joan, will you marry me?” Ignoring her complaints, he proposed. 
“Caiden, you’d better get up this instant! There are so many people here. Aren’t you embarrassed?” Joan grumbled as she tugged on the man’s arm. 
“I’ll only stand up if you say ‘yes’ and allow me to put this ring on your finger. Otherwise, I will kneel here forever,” Caiden insisted. 
Is he crazy? I’ve already rejected him, yet he doesn’t want to let me go! She felt so anxious that tears were forming in her eyes in desperation. 
“Caiden, if you don’t stand up, I will leave first. I don’t care how long you’ll have to kneel here.” With that, Joan turned to leave. 
“Joan! Marry me!” The man yelled relentlessly. 
“Marry him! Accept him!” the passersby cheered passionately around them. 
Who the hell are these people? Can’t they tell how uncomfortable and embarrassed I feel?
###Chapter 2406
Chapter 2406 
“Are you not going to leave?” she glared at the man on his knees before she spat, “Fine! I’ll leave then!” 
“What is going on? The lady doesn’t seem happy,” someone from the crowd commented. 
Another one responded, “I don’t know why she’s acting like that. That guy is so romantic, and she should feel blessed.” 
“Women these days have a problem. They don’t know how to cherish good men.” 
“Joan!’ Caiden grabbed her arm, unwilling to let her go. 
“Can’t you please give me a chance? I really like you,” he pleaded. 
“Say ‘yes’ to him!” The crowd chanted repeatedly. 
“Caiden, how many times do I have to repeat myself? Why can’t it get through to you? You and I are merely friends and we can never be lovers, much less a married couple. Why are you so insistent? Are you trying to drive me insane?” Joan did not hold back and roared at him. 
However, the man was not going to give up easily. “But you won’t even give me a chance, so how do you know we are not compatible with each other? We can try it out by spending more time together. I’m sure there will be a day where you’ll fall in love with me. After all, we can nurture feeling for each other over time.” 
He might be right, but she could no longer make space in her heart for any men other than Larry anymore. If not because of that, why would she fall out with Dustin? 
“Forget it. I don’t want to reason with you. I’ll get going.”
Without hesitation, she flung his arm away and walked off. 
“Ah!” She heard a sharp scream from behind her, and she stopped in her tracks immediately. 
“Hey, wake up! What happened?” 
“Mister, are you alright?” 
“Send him to the hospital now!” Hearing the commotion, Joan quickly turned on her heels and ran back to the man who was now unconscious. 
“Caiden, wake up! Please don’t scare me!” she hollered while slapping Caiden’s face. 
“Please call the ambulance!” 
In the hospital, Caiden was lying on the bed with his eyes closed. Connected to an IV drip, he looked dishevelled and haggard. 
“Doctor, how is he? Is he okay?” Joan anxiously asked. 
“Everything seems fine. He is just worn out and needs a good rest,” the doctor reported. 
“Uh…” The patient turned on his side and watched the woman standing by the door. 
She hasn’t left. Turning his head towards the window, Caiden looked lost. 
Joan did not accept him even after he begged her earlier. It seemed like he really had no place in her heart. 
“Alright, I got it. Thank you, doctor,” said Joan while heading into the room. 
“You’re awake. Are you thirsty or hungry?” a woman worriedly asked.
“What are you doing here?” he coldly retorted. 
“Caiden, can you be more mature? You are already an adult, yet you went around acting like a three- year-old child,” Noelle chided as she moved closer to him. 
This stupid girl is always mocking me! Annoyed, Caiden turned his back on her so he did not have to face her. 
“What? Did you really think that she would accept your proposal? What a joke!” Noelle taunted. 
“Get out!” the patient coldly demanded as he raised his voice. 
He sure has a bad temper. Noelle looked at him helplessly. 
“Caiden, we have been together for so many years. Even if you dislike me, do you have to be so fierce?” she complained. 
Indeed, he was always rude towards her because he did not want her to pester him. 
“Leave now. I don’t want to see you,” Caiden sighed while waving his hand at her. 
Is he openly shooing me away? Can’t he even show me any sympathy? 
“If I leave, what will you do? Joan has already left,” Noelle stated. 
In fact, she forced Joan to leave. She had countless reasons to humiliate Joan, but the latter could not care less.
###Chapter 2407
Chapter 2407 
“Has she left?” Caiden looked around in bewilderment. 
“What’s wrong? Do you want her to accompany you? Don’t you remember that she has a lover?” Noelle sneered. 
Yes, she has Larry! The expression on Caiden’s face darkened, and he did not seem as hopeful as before. 
He used to dream about living a blissful life with Joan, yet that unsuccessful proposal changed everything. In the end, she couldn’t see things from his perspective and there was no way she would end up together with him. 
Meanwhile, Lucius was in the living room, calling out to Delilah, “Grandma, isn’t that Mom?” 
The older woman hurried out from the kitchen and sat beside the little boy, with her eyes fixated on the television screen. 
Sure enough, it was an image of Caiden proposing to Joan. There were many people there, and everyone was cheering. Even the atmosphere seemed romantic. 
“Grandma, why would Caiden propose to Mom?” Lucius sternly grumbled while turning to face Delilah. Clearly, he was unhappy. 
“Well, perhaps Caiden was playing a joke on your mom,” Delilah tried to find an excuse. 
The question had put her in the spot because the little boy was still in the dark about Larry and Joan’s divorce.
“Grandma, did Mom and Dad argue?” Lucius continued. 
“Silly boy, what are you saying? Why would they get into an argument?” Delilah comforted the child while patting his head. 
Unfortunately, Lucius was not satisfied with her answer and did not think that Caiden was just pulling a prank. 
That was the truth anyway. 
At that time, Larry was analyzing several things on his computer, with his face scrunched up in concentration. 
“Larry!” Suddenly, Jessica ran towards him. She was panting. 
Confused, Larry questioned, “What happened?” 
“How are you doing? Are you okay?” She blurted out. 
What is she going on about? What would happen to me? I’m just going through an ordinary day of my life. 
“Tell me what is going on. If not, please leave,” Larry ordered. 
He knew that she rushed into his office for a reason. There must be something important that had occurred. 
It looks like he is unaware of the incident. Sighing, Jessica looked at the man sitting at the desk. 
“Nothing. I only wanted to see you. Are you hungry? Do you want to get something to eat? I will get it for you,” she hurriedly covered up.
Suspicious of her behaviour, Larry raised his gaze towards Jessica. 
She is not acting like herself. Why is she being so weird? 
“I’m not hungry,” he stated before turning back to his computer screen. 
Meanwhile, the atmosphere was a little odd in the office outside. 
“Look at this. Isn’t that Joan?” 
“Oh, it is! Isn’t that Mrs. Norton?” 
“I can’t believe the young master of the Owens family proposed to Mrs. Norton. He even did it in front of a crowd!” 
Several women were gossiping about the most recent news in a corner, with disbelief written across their faces. 
On the other end, Jessica frowned. She hesitated to tell Larry about the public proposal that Caiden organized. Sitting on the sofa, she tightly clasped her hands together. Nervous, she did not dare to speak to Larry. 
“What on earth happened?” the man asked. 
As Jessica deliberated over whether to tell him about the matter, she heard a crash. 
Crash! She saw the mess before her. 
Larry’s eyes were glued onto the screen, and he looked murderous. 
“Larry, are you okay?” Jessica whimpered.
“Are you here to tell me about this?” Larry turned his laptop to her and hissed. 
The screen showed the scene where Caiden got down on one knee.
###Chapter 2408
Chapter 2408 
The photos or video clips of the news were plastered over the internet. 
“Larry, calm down. That isn’t like what it seems,” Jessica quickly tried to calm him down. 
What else can that mean? Are they acting? I don’t think Joan ever wanted to be an actress. 
“Forget it. You don’t have to explain more,” Larry uttered. 
Caiden, that bas*ard! How dare he do something as low as this? He slammed the table with lasers shooting from his eyes. 
“Well, at least Joan did not accept it. Besides, Caiden was never going to win her over in the first place. You should know that she only has eyes for you,” Jessica rambled. 
They are two separate matters! 
“Mr. Norton, some of our partners called, and they requested to have a meeting with you,” his assistant rushed into his room and announced. 
Why do they have to be so keen on meeting me at a time like this? Larry frowned and looked out of the window, thinking about what to do. 
“What time do they want to meet me?” 
“Tonight,” the assistant reported. 
Are they that anxious? Is this because of the project? Larry mulled over it.
“Okay, go ahead and prepare for the meeting tonight. Please reschedule the engagements on my schedule for tonight to tomorrow morning,” Larry instructed. 
He was so overwhelmed with work that he did not have the time to deal with Joan’s matter. 
Whatever, I’ll let him do things his way. I believe I’ll still be able to capture Joan’s heart regardless. 
“Don’t stand there like a wooden doll. Just get back to work,” Larry ordered Jessica. 
“Alright. If anything happens, let me know.” Uh, why would I call her? 
“Joan, what exactly happened?” Nancy anxiously demanded over a call to Joan. 
What else can it be? Of course, Caiden went crazy. Joan’s gaze darkened. 
“Nothing. Everything is over,” she assured. 
She was deceiving herself to think that everything was in the past. At this point, she did not know if Caiden had given up yet. 
“Joan, everything that has happened might be in the past. But what about his feelings for you? What is your opinion on this, and what does Caiden have in mind? Don’t you understand what is involved? The Owens family is reputable, and you have to resolve this matter as soon as possible,” the person on the other line advised. 
Nancy was right. Keith did put a lot of importance on the Owens family’s image, and he would never allow his son to do anything that might tarnish their reputation. 
That was also something that Caiden was aware of and why he had kept to the rules thus far. Nevertheless, his proposal was clearly an act out of desperation.
He thought that Joan would at least consider his feelings if he knelt in front of her in a romantic setting. To his dismay, she was rational and stuck to her beliefs. 
“I know. Don’t worry, I will sort it out.” Joan sighed. 
She knew that she would have to face some pointless hurdles soon. 
“Does Larry know about it? Have you explained it to him?” Nancy asked. 
“No, but I do intend to explain to him.” Following that, they chatted for a little while before they ended the call. 
If she did not clarify the matter to Larry in time, the damage would have been done. 
“Caspian, is Larry in?” Joan probed. 
“He is in his office,” Caspian replied, sounding as though he was upset with her. 
Joan did not take notice of his tone and walked straight to Larry’s office. 
At that time, Larry was discussing the details of the project with the other directors. 
Watching the heated discussion inside the room, Joan chose to wait outside. 
After what seemed like an eternity, Joan fell asleep on the sofa outside. As Larry did not notice the woman’s presence, he headed straight to his office after sending his guests away.
###Chapter 2409
Chapter 2409 
“Mrs. Norton, wake up,” one of the staff members came up to Joan suddenly and patted her on the shoulder as she called out softly. 
“Oh, I dozed off…” Joan mumbled as she rubbed her eyes. 
“Where’s Larry? Is he still busy?” Squinting her dopey eyes, she asked directly. 
“The clients have left. You can go in now. It’s a little too cold out here,” the staff member answered with a smile. 
Looking at the busy scene in his office, Joan became hesitant all of a sudden. 
Forget it. I can tell him at night! She then turned around and left Norton Corporation. 
Should I go to the hospital? 
On the roadside, Joan looked at her phone and dithered. 
I wonder how Caiden is doing now. 
What Noelle said to her previously when she chased her out of the ward sounded very awful, but it made sense. If I go to the hospital now, isn’t it as good as giving him false hopes again? But if I don’t go, it would make me look heartless! 
This is a world where strange things happen every day. It’s also a society in which moral standards are trending downward and human nature is getting more complex by the day. Looking up at the sky, Joan heaved a sigh.
It was said that those who liked looking at the sky were lonesome people. That was somehow true as Joan was indeed feeling a little desolate in that instance. In fact, she had a lot of friends whom she could confide in, but at that particular moment, she just didn’t feel like telling anyone of her grievances and helplessness. 
Her phone had been buzzing for some time in her bag and finally, she picked it up. 
“Joan, where are you?” It was Caiden’s voice from the other end. 
“I’m outside. What’s the matter?” she asked. 
“Considering my current situation, aren’t you going to come over and look after me?” 
But isn’t Noelle at the hospital? 
“Noelle will take good care of you, I believe her,” as soon as she said that, she was ready to end the call. 
“Why are you such an ingrate? If it wasn’t because of you, do you think I would have overworked to this extent? And if it wasn’t for you, would I have come up with so many creative ideas?” 
Caiden hadn’t seen this woman for many days, and he was exceedingly anxious and irritated. Hence, he spouted some unkind words on purpose to trigger her. 
“Caiden, calm down!” Abruptly, Joan shouted. 
“How am I supposed to take it easy? I’ve been abandoned by the woman I love most in this world, and here I am, lying on the hospital bed without anyone to look after me…” Caiden said in an aggrieved tone. 
“How about Noelle? Where is she?” Joan asked.
“She has already gone home, and she’s a busy woman!” 
What’s with this girl? How can she not keep her promise? Joan was rather tense and worried, and soon, she showed up at the hospital. 
“I brought you lunch,” she handed the lunchbox over to the man lying on the hospital bed as she said that. 
“You’re finally here. I miss you so much,” Caiden said kittenishly. 
Is this another trick? Joan looked around her in suspicion. She looked a little doubtful. 
“What are you looking for?” Caiden asked. 
“Nothing, why don’t you enjoy your lunch?” Little did she know that Noelle had actually gone to buy him lunch as well. 
“When is Noelle coming back?” she asked straightforwardly. 
“I don’t know, maybe tomorrow, or the day after tomorrow. Perhaps she won’t ever come back anymore,” Caiden murmured. 
Joan was a little surprised at his answer. 
Noelle had always been very fond of Caiden. Of course, she wouldn’t leave him just because of such a trivial matter. Nevertheless, why had she disappeared just like that? 
“Caiden, here you go. It’s your favorite meatloaf!” Out of the blue, Noelle called out cheerfully as she barged in. 
For a moment, both women were stunned.
Why is she here again? Didn’t she agree to leave Caiden alone previously? Glaring at her furiously, Noelle was exasperated. 
Joan understood at once that it was all an act that Caiden had put up! 
“I still have other matters to attend to, so I better get going.” With that, Joan was about to leave. 
“Stand right there,” all of a sudden, the man in bed yelled.
###Chapter 2410
Chapter 2410 
“Don’t go. You’re not the one who’s supposed to leave,” Caiden added. 
“Joan, I’ve asked you to come today because I want to clarify something with you. I don’t like Noelle. Don’t try to push me to this woman. Also, Noelle, the only feeling I have for you is the feeling of an elder brother to his little sister, and there’s absolutely nothing else. Please behave yourself in the future.” 
His tone was so serious and stern that it gave Noelle who was at the side a fright. 
“Fine, I’ll make myself clear as well then. Caiden, I don’t care who you like. It has nothing to do with me whatsoever. Hence, don’t contact me ever again in the future!” 
Such ruthless remark coming from Joan alongside a strong aura of resolution hurt the feelings of the man in bed deeply. Nevertheless, Noelle who was standing on the side was truly excited with her declaration. 
Great. That’s exactly the effect that I wish to see! With a gloating look on her face, Noelle had her eyes fixated on Joan who was standing across from her. 
“Joan, do you really want to let go?” Caiden asked all of a sudden. 
The question itself was illogical. I’ve never even held onto anything. What is there to let go of? 
“Caiden, if you agree, we can still be friends. But if you don’t, it’s fine. I’ll choose to leave this city,” Joan answered in a simple yet direct manner. 
She couldn’t bear with it anymore. All she wanted was to lead a peaceful life.
No way! I can never let Joan disappear from my sight! 
“Is it true that you don’t like me at all?” Caiden who was still lying in bed asked pitifully as he looked at Joan eagerly. 
Isn’t that obvious? If she has any feelings for him, why would she have treated him in such an indifferent way? Noelle snorted, and she was utterly out of sorts. 
“There is only one man whom I love, and he is Larry. It has always been him all along and he will be the only man I’ll ever love!” With that, she left the ward straight away. 
The tension in the ward was so thick you could cut it with a knife. At that point in time, Caiden felt as though he had been swamped with bitingly cold water, and he couldn’t stop quivering. 
He thought he should have been used to Joan’s rejection by then and that he would be able to maintain his emotional stability. Nevertheless, his heart still ached terribly when he was turned down once again, much to his surprise. 
“Caiden, Joan doesn’t love you at all. Why are you so stubborn?” Noelle splurted out on purpose. 
She knew Caiden was a very faithful man, but she also thought that he was in love with the wrong person. 
“It’s none of your business,” Caiden answered atrociously. He was still as vile as ever. Without saying anything else, Noelle ran out of the ward. 
At that time, Delilah was still engrossed in tending the plants in the garden. Therefore, Joan went straight there as she was afraid that Delilah wouldn’t be able to do everything on her own. 
“Joan, what’s the matter with you today?” Delilah asked softly from the side.
Oh, no. I must look miserable now, but I shouldn’t let Delilah worry about me. 
“Nothing, I’m fine,” answered Joan. 
Fine? That’s nonsense. The heavy-hearted way she looks never lies. 
“Now now, anything that upsets you, you can just spout it out. Don’t let it eat you up,” Delilah urged softly. 
Joan didn’t say anything but remained silent. They spent a long time in the garden. Little by little, night fell. When the two women were done tidying up and were ready to get home, a few strangers barged into the garden out of nowhere. 
“You’re Joan?” A sturdy man asked aloud in an overbearing manner. 
“Yes, I am. How can I help you?” Joan asked. 
“Well, your appearance is not bad indeed. Our chairman wants to see you,” the man replied in an ill- mannered way. 
Who the heck is their chairman? Joan tilted her head thoughtfully and plunged into deep contemplation. 
As far as I remember, I don’t seem to know any chairman from other corporations. 
“I’m sorry. I don’t know any chairman. You must have mistaken,” Joan replied. 
“Just come with us. What a load of bullsh*t!” 
With such a rude and crude attitude, one could almost be certain that the ‘chairman’ behind them was certainly not some kind soul.
###Chapter 2411
Chapter 2411 
“I’m sorry, but Joan still has a lot of things to do. Why don’t you make it some other day? It’s already nighttime now,” Delilah gave them an awkward smile as she suggested at the side. 
“No way. Our chairman has to see her today!” the man bellowed. 
That’s a little too much. They’re foisting it upon me! Joan took a few steps back and shuddered in fear. 
It’s late at night. Going out on my own isn’t really safe. 
“Tomorrow. I’ll see your chairman tomorrow,” she answered in a low voice. 
“Our chairman isn’t free tomorrow!” Finally, their negotiation ended to no avail, and Joan was taken away by the two men. 
“What are you trying to do? Let go of me!” she screamed and struggled. 
“Joan…” Delilah was shouting from behind them. 
The car was started and driven away from the garden. Delilah was stranded in the garden, alone. 
“Hello, Larry, quick, Joan has been taken away. Hurry up and save her!” Delilah cried in desperation. 
At that juncture, Larry lost his cool. “Where is she?” he asked in a somber manner. 
How am I supposed to know where they are right now? I have no idea either! Delilah felt like she had been struck by lightning and was at a loss. 
“Tell me the car registration number!” Larry asked directly. 
He then hung up the call immediately and called Caspian.
“I need you to check a car registration number for me and track it down…” Very soon, all his men were brought into action. 
“Do you know who I am? Larry will never let you off the hook!” In the car, Joan warned them. 
“Yes, we do. You’re Larry, Dustin, and Caiden’s beloved woman!” the man answered. 
At that moment, Joan was taken aback. Turns out they know all these so well! 
Very soon, the car came to a stop at the entrance of a café. The few men yanked Joan off the car forcefully and pushed her into the café. 
“Let go of me!” she cried out aloud deliberately, trying to attract others’ attention. 
Unfortunately, the entire café had been booked. 
“Ms. Watts, what are you yelling about?” Out of the blue, the voice of a male stranger came from somewhere ahead of her. 
She paced forward slowly, trying to take a closer look at the man in front of her, but she still couldn’t figure out where she had met him before. 
“You are?” Joan looked at the man standing across from her suspiciously. She was a little curious within herself. 
“I’m Caiden’s father, Keith Owens,” the man answered. 
So the ‘chairman’ they mentioned is actually Caiden’s father, Keith! 
He must be here to question me about the marriage proposal his son made to me in public.
“Hello, Mr. Owens, I didn’t expect that we’ll meet in such a way,” Joan said that on purpose in a tone full of displeasure. 
“Ms. Watts, I hope you understand that I’m left with only this option as I’m very occupied with my company’s affairs, and I’m only available tonight,” the man answered. 
“Mr. Owens, how may I help you?” Joan asked in return. 
“To be frank, I’ve seen the pictures and video clip of Caiden proposing to you. As you know, the Owens family is a prominent family…” He was very tactful with his words, and his tone was solemn. 
Of course, Joan understood the meaning between his lines clearly. As a result, she was very composed within. 
“Mr. Owens, Caiden, and I are just friends,” Joan replied. 
Very well, this woman is quite smart! The man took a sip of coffee, and a content curve crept up on the corner of his mouth. 
“Also, Mr. Owens, I hope you can look after your son and make sure he never comes to bother me again,” she continued. All of a sudden, the man was stunned. 
“You can keep this check yourself. I don’t need it.” With that, Joan got up and left. 
It turned out that Keith was using the check as an incentive to make her leave his son. Joan knew very well that he did that because he loved his son, but in the meantime, it was also an insult to her! 
“Ms. Watts!” Behind her, the man asked aloud, “What’s wrong? Do you think it’s too little?” 
How ironic and cruel is that! Joan sneered, and her mood took a turn for the worse.
“Mr. Owens, I think you’ve mistaken. I’m not the kind of person you presumed. You should consider donating that check of yours for some charity!” Joan turned around and answered softly.
###Chapter 2412
Chapter 2412 
“Then tell me, what kind of a person you are?” the man pressed. 
Birds of a feather flock together. I guess that rings true. Caiden and his family are really a bunch of weirdos! 
“I don’t think I need to answer that.” 
This woman is certainly not what meets the eye. The man sized Joan up with an irritated look. 
“Then, please don’t disturb my son ever again in the future. You’re just an ordinary woman, and Caiden is definitely out of your league.” 
“Mr. Owens, I’ve never disturbed Caiden right from the beginning! I’m sorry, but I still have things to attend to, so I have to leave now.” 
This time, Joan left without turning back. 
“Mr. Owens, how should we settle this matter?” Keith’s assistant at the side asked anxiously. 
None of them had expected Joan to be so bull-headed and intransigent. They all thought that the reason she didn’t accept the money was that it was too little, but the truth was she didn’t love Caiden at all. 
“Let’s go back first. We’ll talk about that later.” 
“Joan!” Here comes another familiar yet detached voice! Why am I meeting all kinds of freaks today? 
“Hello there, what is it?” she turned around and asked directly.
She was certain that it must be related to Caiden as well. “I need to talk to you,” Yelena stepped forward and said. 
“If you’re going to talk about Caiden, I’m sorry. I don’t think there’s anything to talk about,” Joan replied. 
What a rash woman. Doesn’t she have any idea who she has offended by now? Yelena’s eyes gleamed with disdain. 
“Caiden was admitted to the hospital. Don’t you need to give me an explanation?” Yelena asked. 
“Well, I’m indeed partly the cause of Caiden illness. I’m truly sorry about that. But none of you actually wants me to look after him, do you?” 
She’s right. No matter what, it’s always a nightmare that this woman exists in Caiden’s life. It’s best that she makes a clean break and stop being in contact with him from now on! 
“Then, what do you plan to do? Can you tell me what you have in mind?” Yelena asked again. 
“I don’t have any plan. I’ll keep a certain distance with Caiden or cut ties with him altogether. But I hope he too, can cooperate and don’t pester me anymore. I’m really tired of this. I want a quiet life as well,” answered Joan. 
Looks like she is getting really upset. 
Despite knowing Joan’s stance, Yelena couldn’t help but still feel a little worried. She wasn’t unnerved by the possibility of Joan changing her mind and accepting Caiden. Instead, she was concerned with the likelihood that Caiden wouldn’t stop going after this woman and failed to notice the other women around him. 
“Joan!” Finally, it was the voice of someone Joan longed to hear.
Smiling slightly, she turned around at once and threw herself into Larry’s embrace. 
“What happened? Did she give you any trouble?” Larry stroke her hair slowly and asked. 
“No, you’ve come just in time. Let’s go home,” Joan answered, fawning. 
“Hold on,” Larry walked straight over to Yelena as he said that. 
“I don’t care what’s in Caiden’s mind, but please help send him my message—Joan is my woman!” Larry declared assertively. 
What a domineering man! For some reason, Yelena was shaken by Larry’s demeanor. 
“What did you say to her?” Joan asked. 
“Nothing much. Let’s go home and have dinner,” he answered as he pinched her cheek softly. 
Mmm, that’s strange. He should be very mad about the whole incident! Why is he so composed instead? Joan studied Larry carefully and was baffled. The reason Joan couldn’t understand why Larry wasn’t angry was because Jessica had told her over the phone that Larry was aware of everything that had happened at the mall. Hence, she had expected Larry to be outraged with her, or even gave her the cold shoulder. But, everything seemed to be just fine. 
“Larry,” Joan was hesitant to speak her mind. 
“What is it?” He turned around at her with an earnest look on his face. 
“What happened with Caiden was just an unexpected twist of fate,” she spoke very slowly.
###Chapter 2413
Chapter 2413 
“Silly girl, I know that,” replied Larry as he held her tightly in his arms. 
He was indeed exasperated when he found out about it. Nevertheless, he had faith in her and was confident that her heart only belonged with him. 
“Do you trust me?” she looked up and asked softly. 
Of course, I do! Cupping her cheeks, Larry’s face drew closer, and his lips brushed hers. All he could feel was how soft her thin and sexy lips were against his. 
They shared a kiss so deep that all they could feel was each other’s breath and sensation as though they had formed a union with one another. Both of them were so passionately engrossed in that moment that they failed to even notice when Delilah returned home. 
Seeing as such, Delilah slowly retreated and left the house. 
They’ve come such a long way! Delilah heaved a sigh. 
“Larry, hold on, isn’t Ms. Young coming home soon?” Joan asked breathlessly. There was a dash of faint scarlet on her face. 
“Don’t worry, she has left,” unbuttoning her clothes, Larry answered. 
All at once, the woman was manifestly nonplussed. 
She couldn’t help but blush at the thought that Delilah must have witnessed them making out in the living room. 
“Enough, stop doing that,” she struggled a little and mumbled.
“Tell me then, what do you want?” The man dug his head into her collarbone and asked in a hoarse voice. 
“Larry, no.” That was her response, but the man knew all too well that women’s words could be against their hearts under such a circumstance. 
“You like it, don’t you?” Larry reached out into her clothes as he bent down, planting numerous soft kisses on her neck. 
Eventually, Joan yielded and went along with Larry. 
“Grandma, what are you doing? Why are we having dinner outside? What about Mom and Dad?” Lucius bombarded Delilah with questions with a plainly disgruntled look on his face. 
Where do all these questions come from? Why does this kid have so many questions? 
“Your mom and dad have some other thing to do, and I forgot the keys, so we can’t go home at the moment,” Delilah answered. 
“But I have the keys,” the little boy retorted. 
“Lucius, I’m craving for pizzas. Why don’t you accompany me to have some pizzas for dinner?” Delilah deliberately asked. 
“Sure!” The little boy nodded his head decidedly and agreed with excitement. 
No one can ever say no to good food. 
“Enough, Lucius will be back any minute now. Let go of me,” Joan mumbled in bed. 
“They’re eating outside,” Larry responded.
“Come, let’s continue,” Larry turned in bed, pinning Joan underneath his body. 
“Larry, we have a problem. The foreign manufacturer seems to have been involved in an incident,” Caspian exclaimed as he rushed in. 
“Slow down and start from the beginning,” Larry responded. 
“There’s a news article that states that the products manufactured by the foreign company which we’re cooperating failed to meet the quality specifications, so its operation has been suspended,” Caspian explained. 
Larry was in complete denial about it. He trusted the owner of the manufacturing company and it was also operating legally. Therefore, he was confident that the company wouldn’t be involved in anything against the law. 
“Have you investigated thoroughly?” He looked up and asked in a solemn tone. 
“Well, if you don’t believe me, you can read the news article yourself,” Caspian pointed at the laptop and raised his voice. 
Looking at how anxious he was behaving, Larry felt that it was very likely the case. 
No way. This matter would hazard the reputation of Norton Corporation. I have to get to the bottom of it. There must be someone messing with us behind this! 
“Alright, I understood,” he replied. 
“Larry, aren’t we supposed to terminate our cooperation with them? If this goes on, it will surely hamper the development of our company,” Caspian warned him.
Larry was certainly clear about the severity and jeopardy depicted by the event. Nonetheless, he was of the opinion that the matter was still far from getting out of hand. Not to mention that he was willing to stick together with the foreign manufacturer even in such calamity. 
“Well, you don’t need to worry about this. Instead, you should focus your attention on Joan and protect her well for the moment,” Larry returned placidly. 
His words left Caspian utterly baffled. I’m talking to you about the company’s affairs and you’re speaking about your personal matters with me! The sudden change in topic set Caspian in a sudden bewilderment.
###Chapter 2414
Chapter 2414 
“What’s the matter with Joan lately?” He asked. 
“Keith met her once and gave her a check but she rejected it. I have a feeling that man wouldn’t let her go so easily,” Larry returned. 
Oh, so he knew it already. Caspian scratched the back of his head and was a little abashed. 
“Why? Do you think I won’t know if you just keep quiet about it?” Larry continued. 
Previously, Caspian had discussed with Jessica, and they came to an agreement that if Larry didn’t know about the marriage proposal of Caiden to Joan, then they should never reveal it to him ever. 
“I’ll have to go abroad in a few days, and I’ll count on you to look after the company and my family,” Larry added. 
In that instance, Caspian came to understand what he meant. 
For some people, once they’ve put their mind to something or someone they trust, they’ll stand by it unswervingly till the end! And Larry is one of those people. 
He was particularly serious and meticulous in the selection of Norton’s collaboration partner, and once he decided upon it, he would never yield. It was just like how he would never give up on Joan ever since he fell in love with her. 
Joan was informed about Larry’s decision to go on a business trip abroad, and not only did she understand his concerns, but she also fully supported his decision.
“What do you think I should do?” Larry held Joan in his arms and peck lightly on her forehead as he asked her in a soft voice. 
“Just go with what your mind tells you. I believe in you, and I’ll have your back, always,” Joan answered as she wrapped her right arm around the man’s waist. 
“I might be staying overseas for a long time this round.” He nibbled her earlobe gently with his lips and let his hot breath brush against it. 
“That’s fine. I’ll wait for you.” The exchanges between them were simple yet compelling. 
“Caiden, tell me now. What do you really want?” In the ward, Keith asked aloud with a stern expression on his face. 
All these years, he had never really disciplined his son. And Caiden had been very obedient and sensible all along and knew the limit. Nevertheless, he slipped when it came to establishing a romantic relationship. 
“To live my life the way I desire. But it seems to me that this has nothing to do with you,” Caiden looked outside the window and answered in a very cold tone. 
To him, the man standing across from him was more of an elderly stranger who happened to be biologically related to him rather than a father. 
“What’s with that Joan Watts? How are you going to settle your relationship with her?” the man asked. 
Affection is the most wonderful yet vulnerable and helpless feeling in this world. Caiden heaved a deep sigh and was at a loss. 
“I know that Joan is not an avaricious woman, nor is she indecorous, but you have to understand the issue here—she doesn’t like you!” the man reminded him.
Caiden didn’t really get what he meant at first, but then his father was being outright frank. 
“That’s my problem, and it’s none of your business. You don’t need to worry about it,” Caiden replied. 
This boy is too obsessed with her! Keith turned around, closed his eyes, drew in a deep breath, and tried to stay calm. 
“You’re the heir of the Owens family, and you’ll be the future president of the company. Your marriage is not a child’s play. It concerns the reputation of the entire family!” Keith roared. 
Caiden snickered on the hospital bed. 
The Owens family? What a joke. What does that have to do with me? 
“I can’t care less about your company, not to mention your family!” 
Such vile remark gave the man in front of him a shake. In a flash, a ferocious glint glowed in his eyes. 
Slap! 
A tight slap landed on Caiden’s face all at once. 
“You are such an ungrateful brat, aren’t you? You’d better get it straight that everything you own today comes from the Owens family!” 
His words rendered Caiden speechless right away. 
He’s right. Although Mom and Dad gave me neither a happy childhood nor enough love and care, everything that I attain and own today does come from their financial support.
###Chapter 2415
Chapter 2415 
“Why? Are you reluctant now? You think I’m an ingrate, don’t you? Fine, don’t worry. It wouldn’t take me two years to pay you back every single cent of allowance that you have given me!” 
Keith winced at his cruel words and without a warning, he started coughing intensely. He was suffering a relapse. 
“What’s wrong with you?” Caiden looked at his father anxiously as he asked. There was a trace of concern in his expression. 
The man waved his hand and covered his chest, still coughing incessantly. It appeared that his breathing was also getting more difficult. 
Finally, Caiden got anxious. 
“Doctor, nurse, over here, hurry! There’s a patient here!” he cried out loud. 
Very soon, his mother, Olivia also arrived at the hospital. 
“Your dad has asthma, and he forgot to bring along his medication today,” Olivia explained. 
Since when did he have asthma? Isn’t he always in the pink of health? Caiden looked at the man lying on the hospital bed with an evidently distressed expression. 
“Caiden, why don’t you just listen to your dad? His health has deteriorated in recent years, and he can’t go on like this anymore. Eventually, the future development of the company will depend on you.” There was a pleading note in Olivia’s tone. 
Gradually, Caiden’s heart softened as he listened to Olivia’s words.
All those years, he had been punishing his parents with his indifferent ways, but never even once had he considered the sweat and tears behind their efforts. 
Have I been wrong all this while? Noticing the few grey strands of hair on his father’s scalp, Caiden’s heart shriveled. How rashly have I been all these years! 
“Mrs. Owens, how is Mr. Owens now? Is he alright?” Jaden rushed toward them and asked. 
“He’s okay, don’t worry. Thank you so much for what you’ve done these few years,” Olivia patted Jaden on his shoulder and replied. There was a trace of gratification on her face as she said that. 
Looking at the man in front of him, Caiden felt nothing but a heavy guilt in his heart. 
It was Jaden who had been looking after his parents when he wasn’t around, including the time when Olivia was admitted to the hospital. At that moment, he felt really remorseful. 
“Hey, Caiden, it’s time you hold your temper a little,” said Jaden as he walked over to him. 
Caiden lowered his head with a repentant look in his eyes. 
“It’s okay, Caiden. As long as you’re willing to come home, we’ll wait for you no matter how long it takes.” 
Caiden was deeply touched by Olivia’s words. It’s time that I return to the Owens family. 
“Caiden…” All of a sudden, the man on the bed shook his head and called out. 
“Keith, he’s here. Caiden is right here, don’t worry,” Olivia responded immediately. 
Slowly, the man opened his eyes and looked around him. Finally, he stopped, fixating his gaze on Caiden.
“Dad,” after a while, Caiden walked over to his bedside and sat down. Tears welled up in his eyes. 
The single utterance of ‘Dad’ shook the man in bed. His lips twitched but no words came out. Instead, tears streamed down from the corner of his eyes. Witnessing what happened before her eyes, Olivia couldn’t hold it any longer and started weeping as she laid her head on Jaden’s shoulder. 
“What did you call me?” Keith’s eyes widened in surprise as he asked. 
“Dad, you should take a good rest and don’t talk for too long. I’ll get to it if anything arises,” Caiden tried to calm himself down as he answered. 
This rascal finally gets his head around it! A pleasant smile crept up on Keith’s face. 
It was smile of contentment and delight. 
“Caiden, you’re finally returning to us,” Olivia muttered in tears. 
“Mom,” he held Olivia’s hand tightly and greeted her while trembling. 
Everything seemed to have happened in the twinkling of an eye, but it also made perfect sense! 
“Not bad, Caiden. You’re finally returning to the Owens family,” Jaden gave Caiden a forceful pat on his shoulder as he said aloud at the entrance of the hospital. 
He is after all a member of the Owens family! 
“What are you babbling about?” Caiden glared at him and was ready to leave. 
“What about Joan? What are you going to do with her?” Jaden asked.
I’m prepared to give up on that. I’ve tried to pursue her for such a long time now, and that woman just doesn’t have any feelings for me. She gives me no chance at all. Why should I continue to keep her in my thoughts and spend all my efforts on her knowing that all these would go to waste?
###Chapter 2416
Chapter 2416 
“Forget it. I should start working at the company. There’s nothing more reliable than wealth in this world,” Caiden sighed as he returned. 
He was right indeed. Other than feelings and affection, there were still many other important things that mattered in life such as career and family. Caiden was fortunate to have realized that. 
Besides, it wasn’t true love and affection between him and Joan. It was merely his one-sided and sickening possessiveness that was driving him to such a state. 
“Alright, I understood. I’ll make the necessary arrangements, and you can return to the company directly tomorrow,” Jaden responded. 
What arrangements are there to make? Piqued, Caiden gazed at him with a bewildered look. 
“I’ve been working in your father’s company,” Jaden clarified. 
It was just that he had never told Caiden about it. The two of them chatted for a little longer at the roadside before getting straight home. 
At that moment, Joan was lying in the bedroom with her eyes widened, thinking about the man she loved. 
When is he coming back? Does he eat well over there? What if he gets sick? 
In that instance, Larry’s face was all that was in her mind. 
“Joan, do you want some fruits?” Delilah was shouting outside her door. 
“No!” She responded immediately.
“What’s happening? Why are you so moody?” Delilah opened the door and asked softly as she munched on another slice of apple. 
“Nothing, it’s just a sleepless night for me. I couldn’t sleep,” answered Joan wearily. 
“What time is it? It’s not even nine yet. What sleepless night are you talking about? You’re missing somebody, aren’t you?” Delilah asked nosily on purpose. 
“Ms. Young, since when did you turn so whimsical?” 
“Fine, don’t think too much about it, alright? He’s just on a business trip. What are you doing thinking so much? You’re making yourself sound like an old bat.” 
Out of the blue, her phone on the table started ringing. Looking at the caller ID, Joan answered it immediately as she turned on the speaker mode. 
Seeing as such, Delilah knew who was on the phone at once, so she left the room in silence. 
“Are you at home?” Larry asked. 
“I’m lying in bed. It’s too cold outside; I don’t feel like going out,” Joan answered. 
“Everything’s good at home, right? How are Ms. Young and the child doing? Are they well?” Larry asked. 
Why is he so concerned about the family all of a sudden? 
Joan frowned slightly and a faint premonition crept within herself. 
“Everything’s fine and as usual. Is everything okay with you?” Joan asked in return.
Every time Larry went on a business trip, she would get agitated at the chances of accidents happening to the man on his journey. 
“I’m doing okay. Wait for me to return home, alright? Try not to go out and stay at home as much as possible these days,” Larry added. 
“Mom!” 
All of a sudden, Lucius barged into the room, giving Joan a shock. 
“What is it?” Joan asked. 
“I saw a man wandering around outside our house just now,” the child answered. 
Over the phone, Larry’s guard was instantly up after he heard what the child said. 
“Lucius, tell me, have you locked the door?” Larry asked aloud. 
“Dad, don’t worry, I’ve locked it,” Lucius answered excitedly. 
Nevertheless, Joan was still in a daze. 
“Dad, when are you coming home?” 
“There are still a lot of things that I’m occupied with over here. I can only return in a few more days. You have to protect Mom and Grandma, understand?” 
“Alright, Dad. Rest assured, I’m a brave boy…” 
The two guys chatted heartily and totally ignored Joan who was at the side. At that point, she was a little jealous looking at the scene before her.
“Alright, Lucius, you should go to bed now.” As she said that, she reached out to grab the phone in the child’s hand. 
“Just a minute, Mom. I haven’t finished talking to Dad yet,” Lucius retorted. 
What is there to talk about? What is Larry running on about with a child?
###Chapter 2417
Chapter 2417 
“Mom, are you jealous?” 
How come this child knows everything! Without a word, Joan shrugged and gave Lucius a helpless smile. 
As though he could sense it, Larry knew that the former had gotten angry. Hence, he kept urging Lucius to go to sleep. After that, Joan got back on the phone. 
“What’s wrong? Are you mad?” asked Larry in a low voice. 
Isn’t it obvious? It took us a long time to finally get a chance to chat, but he spent most of the time with Lucius. 
“Next time, if you miss Lucius, just give Ms. Young a call,” Joan said with a pout. 
“Why can’t I call you?” Larry deliberately inquired. 
He’s doing this on purpose, isn’t he? There’s no way he doesn’t know the reason… Joan gripped the blanket and remained silent. 
“Joan, do you want to come here so we can spend some time together?” Larry broke the silence. 
Upon hearing that, Joan instantly blushed. He knows what I’m thinking! 
Ugh… Forget it. We can spend our time together anywhere. There is no need for me to leave Ms. Young and Lucius at home and go all the way to meet him. 
“No, I’ll wait for you at home,” replied Joan.
After conversing for a while more, they ended the call. Larry knew it was already past midnight there, so he couldn’t bear to disturb Joan. 
“Caspian, are you asleep?” Larry queried. 
“What can I do for you, Larry?” The former immediately inquired. 
“I need you to assign more people to protect Joan, Lucius, and Ms. Young. Someone had made their move,” Larry instructed. 
“Got it. Don’t worry, Larry. I’ve already ordered my people to pay attention to this matter. Oh, by the way, I have an update on that thing you had me look into. I’ve found that person,” answered Caspian. 
Caspian is as reliable as always, huh. He had arranged everything before I even give him the instruction, thought Larry. 
The next morning, sunlight poured in through the gaps between the curtains and filled the room with warmth. Lying on the bed, Joan was still sleeping soundly. 
Maybe because she had chatted with Larry until too late the night before, she was still asleep even though the sun was already high up in the sky. Delilah could see that Joan had been very tired recently. Thus, she didn’t knock on the latter’s door to wake her up. 
“Mmm…” Joan extended her arms into a stretch and let out a big yawn before gradually opening her eyes. 
That was the most satisfying sleep she had since recently. There were no nightmares nor any disturbances when she was sleeping. Instead, there was only Larry’s sexy voice and intoxicating scent accompanying her in her dreams. 
“You’re awake? Come and have some food,” said Delilah while ironing the clothes in the living room.
“Oh my gosh! It’s nearly noon!” Joan blurted in surprise as she walked to the balcony. 
This foolish girl… Did she just realize that she had slept for more than ten hours? 
“Yep. So you’re having lunch now,” Delilah said. 
“Ms. Young, why didn’t you wake me up?” Joan asked in a low voice. 
“Why should I? Besides, I thought that it’s better for you to wake up naturally. So, how is it? Do you feel refreshed now?” Delilah asked with a smile on her face. 
Since everything in the garden was settled, Delilah and Joan could rest for a few days. 
“Joan, do you think that there’s something fishy going around recently?” Delilah threw her a question out of the blue. 
Hearing that, Joan turned around and looked at the older woman in front of her, feeling slightly unsettled. 
Is she referring to the thing that Lucius said last night? 
“What’s wrong, Ms. Young? Did anything happened?” 
At that, Delilah stopped ironing, and she walked toward Joan with a worried look on her face. 
“I keep feeling like there’s someone following me recently. Do you feel the same? Or am I just being paranoid?” Delilah tilted her head thoughtfully and plunged into deep contemplation. 
It seemed like something was amiss, but Joan didn’t notice it. 
“Ms. Young, can you tell me everything that has happened in detail?” Joan queried.
###Chapter 2418
Chapter 2418 
Joan wanted to make aware of what happened so that she could tackle the matter at its roots. Since Larry was not with her now, she had to take preventative measures herself. 
“I don’t have any solid evidence to back my suspicion. Let’s just say it’s my gut instinct,” Delilah answered. 
She didn’t explain the situation clearly. Thus, Joan was left utterly baffled and confused. However, she still believed that woman’s intuition was accurate, especially Delilah’s. 
“It’s fine, maybe I’m just overthinking it.” With that, Delilah walked toward the living room and continued to iron the clothes. 
No. I must get to the bottom of this. Without any hesitation, Joan took out her phone and made a call. 
“Hello, Caspian? I need a favor…” 
“Don’t worry, Joan. Larry had told us about this before he left. We are actually protecting you in secret,” said Caspian determinedly. 
Hearing that, Joan could feel a weight being lifted off her chest. 
So he was already prepared for this. At that thought, the grin on Joan’s face grew wider. 
No wonder he chatted with Lucius for so long last night! 
“Okay, I got it. I’m counting on you, then,” she replied politely. 
“No problem, Joan. And uh… I wanted to say sorry for the time I insulted you in the past. I hope you don’t mind. I only did what I did because I was hoping that you could rekindle with Larry. Please forgive
me if I have offended you in any way,” said Caspian. 
He remembered clearly that he looked for Joan back then because he hoped that the latter could understand Larry. However, their communication went awry, making Caspian angry and resulted in him insulting her. 
“It’s okay, don’t worry. I understand. And, I’m happy for Larry. He is lucky to have a great friend like you.” 
Hearing her words, Caspian felt much more at ease. 
In actuality, Joan had forgotten about this. After all, she wasn’t a petty person, so she wouldn’t care about such a trivial matter. 
“Alright, Ms. Young. There’s no need for you to worry. Turns out, Larry had already made the necessary arrangements,” said Joan to offer Delilah some comfort. 
Despite that, Delilah still felt that something was off, but she couldn’t tell exactly what was wrong. 
Perhaps I’m thinking too much… 
“Okay,” Delilah replied. 
Little did they know, a catastrophe would soon befall them. 
“Hey kid, stop right there!” In an alley, a man shouted at Lucius, who was on the way home from school. 
Looking at the fierce-looking men in front of him, Lucius felt terrified. 
“Who are you? What do you guys want?” He hugged his bag tightly and inquired in fear.
“Don’t be afraid. We just want to play a game with you,” one of the men answered. 
“Let go of me! Help!” Lucius screamed loudly and pinched the man’s thigh. 
“You brat! How dare you pinch me!” The man landed a slap on Lucius’s face. 
Lucius went silent, and his eyes closed. 
Meanwhile, Joan was waiting for Lucius anxiously in the living room because it was getting late, and he was nowhere to be seen. 
“Ms. Young, why hasn’t Lucius returned?” Joan ran toward the kitchen and asked Delilah. 
“Maybe he stayed back at school to do his homework,” Delilah replied calmly. 
This wasn’t the first time Lucius reached home late. Sometimes, the teachers would overrun the lesson, and some would even keep the students after the bell and ask them to complete their homework before going back. But usually, the teachers would only do this when the examination was around the corner. 
“Joan, why don’t you give the homeroom teacher a call to ask about the situation?” Delilah reminded. 
Joan immediately whipped out her phone and made a call, looking panicked.
###Chapter 2419
Chapter 2419 
“Hello, Ms. Lee? Is Lucius still in the school?” Joan asked anxiously. 
“No. The class had ended long ago,” came Ms. Lee’s hurried reply. 
“He didn’t stay at school to do his homework?” 
“Mrs. Norton, please try not to mention this anymore. It was our fault to keep students after class previously. The principal has already warned us not to do so. Rest assured that we won’t keep students in school to have cram sessions anymore,” Ms. Lee explained. 
This is bad… 
“Ms. Young, something’s off. Lucius is not at school,” said Joan with a trembling voice. 
Thud! The spatula in Delilah’s hand fell to the ground. 
Could this be why I have been feeling so unsettled recently? At that, she immediately left the kitchen, took her jacket, and walked toward the door. 
“Where are you going?” Joan immediately ran past her to block her way. 
“Don’t try to stop me. I’m going to look for Lucius,” said Delilah as she flung Joan’s arm to the side, striding past her. 
“Ms. Young, please calm down. Listen to me first, okay? Let’s just wait here and let Caspian go and find Lucius. I’m afraid you might get caught again if you go out,” said Joan with fear in her voice. 
I still have no idea who the mastermind is, what their goal is, or what would happen should we get caught…
“Then, what do you suggest we should do?” Delilah growled at Joan. 
She was full blown panicking by then. She had taken care of Lucius since young. As such, the boy was the apple of her eye. Now that he had gone missing, it was only natural that she would be anxious. 
“Hello? Caspian, quick, find… L-Lucius… H-He’s missing…” 
At that moment, Joan was so frightened that she failed to speak well. 
“Joan, calm down and tell me what happened,” Caspian consoled. 
“What? Lucius has gone missing? When did this happen?” He sprung to his feet immediately upon hearing that and darted out of the office. 
“Okay, I got it. Don’t worry, Joan. I’ll head over right away!” 
After hanging up the phone, Caspian scrolled through his contact list, found another person’s number, and made a call. 
“Hello, Jessica. Come over quickly. Larry’s child is missing. Yes, come here, right now!” 
He chose to keep this matter from Larry for the time being and decided to settle it by himself because he knew that Larry was extremely busy with the matter overseas recently. 
“What happened? How can Lucius just disappear? Joan, are you okay?” Jessica rushed over to console Joan. 
“I’m fine. Please hurry and look for Lucius. My dear boy…” said Joan as her body shivered. 
Like her, Delilah was also dismayed at that moment.
Jessica knew how important Lucius was to them, so she didn’t dare to make any jokes. 
“Don’t worry, Joan. Caspian has sent his men to look for Lucius. They’ll find him soon. Besides, maybe Lucius is just playing around somewhere and got lost…” Jessica muttered. 
“That’s impossible. Lucius has never been a playful boy. Even if he wants to go and play, he’ll come home and inform us first,” Delilah yelled suddenly. 
It was obvious that this incident was related to Joan. 
“Ms. Young, don’t worry. Caspian will find Lucius soon,” said Jessica. 
“How can I not worry? Lucius is not your child, so of course you’re not worried about him! Joan Watts, this is all your fault! Why can’t you just live your own life? Ever since you came into our life, your presence has brought a lot of problems to us. Now that we can finally have a peaceful life, you still can’t let things be. I really don’t understand why you’re so stubborn!” 
That was the first time Delilah had threw a tantrum at Joan and also the first time she couldn’t control her anger.
###Chapter 2420
Chapter 2420 
Tears started streaming down Joan’s cheeks upon hearing the words. 
Ms. Young is right. I had caused a lot of trouble for her and Lucius… But I didn’t do it on purpose! I also want to live like an ordinary person and spend more time with my family, but the reality is often cruel and it always stops me from doing so. 
“Sorry, Ms. Young. It’s all my fault,” said Joan weakly. 
She knew that there was no use in asking for forgiveness. After all, Lucius had gone missing, and no amount of apologies could change that fact. Delilah turned around, walked toward the windows, and closed her eyes in an attempt to calm herself down. 
“Ms. Young, I know you are very agitated and angry now, but this is an unexpected incident. It is not something we can control. Besides, it may not be related to Joan. Calm down. We will have an answer soon,” said Jessica. 
“Easy for you to say. Do tell me then, what’s the answer? What if something happened to Lucius? What if Lucius died?” snapped Delilah. 
“I…” 
Before Jessica could continue, Joan grabbed onto the former’s arm, signaling her not to say anything. 
Joan knew that Delilah didn’t mean it. That the latter only said those harsh words because she was worried about Lucius. 
“Hello, Caspian. How did it go? Have you found Lucius yet?” Jessica asked softly via her phone.
“Not yet. The village doesn’t have any surveillance cameras, so it’s hard for us to find Lucius,” said Caspian. 
Joan felt increasingly guilty when she heard that the situation was getting more and more complicated. 
“Joan, don’t worry. Caspian is still looking for Lucius. For now, no news is good news, right?” Jessica patted Joan on the shoulder softly, hoping it could give her some comfort. 
Nonetheless, she knew that there was no way she could ease Joan’s anxiety. After all, Lucius was the latter’s child. 
Meanwhile, in a room, Lucius was struggling to break free as he shouted, “Who are you!” 
“Stop your screaming and just stay here!” a man yelled. What a bunch of devils! After a long while, Lucius finally calmed down. 
He suddenly remembered what Larry told him back then. “No matter what happened, you have to stay calm. Otherwise, things will only get worse. You can only rely on yourself because no one will care for how you feel nor sympathize with your situation.” 
Having thought that, he asked politely, “Uncle, can you tell me why you kidnapped me?” 
The man was shocked upon seeing the change in the boy’s attitude. 
Wasn’t he screaming hysterically and struggling just now? What’s with the sudden politeness? 
“You don’t need to know. Just play your role obediently,” The man answered. 
“What do you mean by that?” 
“All you need to know is that your role is to stay here!”
After a thoughtful ponder, Lucius came to the conclusion that this wasn’t a normal kidnapping case. 
“Uncle, do you want to meet my dad or my mom?” 
Hearing that, the man thought, What a meaningless question. He’s saying that as if anyone could meet Larry as they wanted. The person we want to meet is his troublemaker of a mom! 
“Shut up! If you want to know, your mother is the one to blame for you being in our hands now!” At last, the man told him the truth. 
Their end goal was to lure Joan by kidnapping Lucius. 
“But, uncle, do you know that I’m not my mom’s biological son? I’m actually her adopted son. So, I doubt that she’ll worry about me. In fact, she’s probably glad to see me gone,” said Lucius. 
His words drew the man’s attention. But, our chairman said that this kid is Joan’s beloved child. 
“My mom hates me. She always says that I’m too much trouble and that she’s planning to send me to the orphanage. I mean, I’ve been gone for a while now, and she still hasn’t come looking for me.” 
After pondering for a while, the man realized that what Lucius said might be true. This child has been with me for a long time, and yet, that woman still hasn’t taken any action.
###Chapter 2421
Chapter 2421 
“You don’t think that woman did it on purpose, do you? She wouldn’t actually try to get rid of the kid, right?” blurted the man at the side. 
I doubt it. She’s a maternal woman, after all. She won’t actually be so cruel that she would abandon her child, right? 
“Let’s wait a little longer and see how things progress.” 
“Joan, do you really not know where Lucius is? I’ve searched every inch of the village, but Lucius is nowhere to be found,” shared Caspian nervously. 
“I honestly have no idea,” answered Joan while sobbing. 
“What could she know? She knows nothing. All she does is cause endless troubles all day long. She’s always either flirting with Dustin or messing with Caiden. Who knows how many enemies she has out there?” insulted Delilah cruelly from the side. 
Joan was stunned. She never thought that Delilah would see her like that, and she definitely never expected the elderly lady to utter such harsh words. 
“Calm down, Ms. Young. We haven’t gotten to the bottom of it yet. So let’s not jump to any conclusions,” said Caspian hurriedly. 
“Oh, shut it. I’ve had enough of your promises. I doubt you’ll be able to find the boy. I’m going to look for him myself!” said Delilah as she moved to leave the place. 
“You can’t go out there, Ms. Young. It’s too dangerous,” said Jessica, who immediately rushed over to block Delilah’s path.
“Lucius’ gone, so why would I care about my own safety? I am not like a certain someone who is so spoiled that she would stay home all day and be scared. Hah! She actually needs others to clean up her mess and be responsible in her place,” dissed Delilah. 
“That’s not fair, Ms. Young. It’s true that Joan can be too kind and indecisive at times, but she never hurt either of you. The incident today is nothing more than an accident,” said Caspian. 
Bang! Delilah left after slamming the door, completely disregarding everybody else’s stares. 
“Hey, follow Ms. Young and keep her safe,” instructed Caspian via his phone before he hung up. 
“Don’t listen to her, Joan. We don’t know what really happened just yet,” said Caspian. 
The truth was that he had his suspicions, but he wasn’t sure. Larry had warned that Caiden’s dad would not let Joan off the hook that easily. 
“Does Larry know about this?” asked Jessica as she walked over. 
“No, and don’t tell him just yet. He’s busy, so let’s take a closer look at the situation before doing anything,” replied Caspian. 
Even though she didn’t say anything, Jessica was feeling more and more unsettled. 
If this is just a simple kidnapping case, the culprit would’ve already called and asked for ransom. Yet, no one called even though so much time has passed. 
What game are they playing? What are they aiming for? She paced around the house as a sense of dread and despair gnawed at her. 
Suddenly, the phone in the living room rang.
“Quick, pick up the phone, Joan. Remember to stay calm,” instructed Jessica right away. 
Joan wiped her tears away and ran to the phone. She took a deep breath before she finally picked up the phone. 
“Ms. Watts, I’d advise you against calling the cops. Your son is with me, so don’t try to solve this matter using any of your parlor tricks, either. It won’t work. I will text you an address later. Come find me tomorrow morning.” 
“Hello? How is my son-” said Joan. She never got to finish her sentence because the other party hung up immediately. 
I was right. They weren’t after Lucius. They were targeting me this whole time! 
“How did it go? What did he say? Is the kid alright? How much are they demanding?” asked Jessica from the side. 
“He never mentioned money. He simply asked to meet up with me,” replied Joan. 
Caspian instantly became more alert at that. Looks like I guessed right! he clenched his fist as his gaze turned fierce. 
“Don’t act rashly, Joan. Let me get things in place before you head over,” advised Caspian.
###Chapter 2422
Chapter 2422 
Joan turned to Caspian. She looked a little helpless and hopeless at that moment. 
She didn’t know if Lucius was safe, nor did she know what troubles awaits her tomorrow. All she knew was that she must meet with the kidnapper. 
“It’s fine. If I can exchange my life to save Lucius, I’ll gladly offer it,” muttered Joan. 
“What are you talking about, Joan? Both you and Lucius will be fine. So stop being so negative,” said Jessica as she hugged Joan to comfort her. 
What kind of f*cker would do something so vile and despicable? Jessica’s nails had dug into her flesh, but she couldn’t feel the pain. 
“Come now, stop crying…” 
“Don’t worry, Joan. You can go and face them head-on. We will support you from the dark,” promised Caspian. 
“Okay,” replied Joan. 
She wasn’t worried about herself at all. In fact, she would willingly sacrifice her life to protect Lucius. 
“Joan, are you alright?” asked Jessica in a worried tone. 
She noticed that Joan had been pale since that morning and looked extremely weak. 
“I’m fine,” answered Joan softly while massaging her temple.
Still, Jessica could sense that something was off, so she deliberately asked, “Joan, did that guy call you last night?” 
Joan was momentarily stunned. She later shook her head as a hint of anxiety flashed past her eyes. 
“N-no,” replied Joan. 
Like hell he didn’t! Her look gave it all away. The kidnapper must’ve changed tactics all of a sudden. Jessica walked to Caspian and whispered into his ears. Her words got his expression to take a sharp turn. 
“Joan, you must tell us every single thing that happened. We will not be able to work well otherwise, and I won’t be able to explain myself to Larry,” said Caspian as he looked at Joan grimly. 
Joan, who was sitting on the sofa, slowly shifted her gaze upward. She looked at the two people in front of her and broke down. 
“He called me again last night and asked to meet me in person,” confessed Joan. 
I knew it! They must’ve learned about our involvement. Still, that is expected, thought Caspian. He narrowed his eyes a little and gazed at the ceiling as if he was considering something. 
“Alright, I got it. Here’s what we’re going to do. Joan, you will go meet him as requested, and I will send our men home. After that, I will tail and protect you on my own,” said Caspian, his gaze determined. 
Standing at the side, Jessica’s eyes bulged in surprise. 
“What are you talking about? You’re going to do everything on your own? Have you gone nuts? What if something unexpected happens?” she said in a worried tone after she dragged him to the side.
However, as far as Caspian was concerned, that was their only option. He promised Larry that he would do everything he could to protect Joan, Lucius, and Delilah. 
“It’s fine. I can handle it. I’m the renowned Caspian!” announced Caspian confidently while puffing out his chest. 
“No, that won’t do. I’m warning you, Caspian. You can forget about going on your own. If you insist on doing that, I’ll go with you,” threatened Jessica. 
Has this woman gone nuts? Why would she want to tag along to something so dangerous? 
“Pfft, please. I’ll be thanking all the angels in heaven if you don’t faint from the fear of it all first,” dissed Caspian, trying to dissuade her. 
“I said no! Either you get a few men to go with you or I will go in their place,” insisted Jessica as she gripped his collar. 
When did she become so unreasonable? Caspian stared at the woman in astonishment. Curiosity flashed past his eyes. 
“Can I read this reaction as you being worried about me?” he teased with a smile. 
Jessica let go of his collar right away. 
I guess I was acting a little too aggressive just now… She adjusted her clothes to try to calm herself down. 
“The weather is pretty good today,” said Jessica as she approached Joan. 
Caspian grinned in satisfaction as he watched her moving away.
Finally! I see that she really does care about me. 
“Huh?” blurted Joan as she turned her head and stared at Jessica in confusion. The former then turned to look out the window and check the weather.
###Chapter 2423
Chapter 2423 
How is the weather good? It’s all dark and gloomy out there, thought Joan. 
“It’s going to be fine, Joan. Rest well here. I’ll go make some breakfast for you,” offered Jessica before she went into the kitchen. 
She can cook? Huh, that is surprising. Who would’ve thought that a lady born in a rich family could cook? Joan looked impressed as she stared at the woman who was standing some distance away. 
She heard from Larry before and knew that Caspian had always liked Jessica. She could also see how Jessica had feelings for Caspian as well and how the latter had been suppressing those emotions. 
Just then, Joan’s phone rang once more. She jumped and quickly picked it up. 
“How are things at home? Is everything alright?” Larry’s voice sounded from the other end. 
Joan turned to Caspian, then to Jessica. She hesitated to answer Larry’s question. 
“It’s pretty good. Don’t worry about us. Are you still busy with work there?” asked Joan softly. 
“Not really,” answered Larry. “The issue here is a little complicated though, so I will have to stay for a few more days.” 
Joan thought that she shouldn’t tell him about Lucius’ incident. I don’t want to distract him or affect his work. 
“Did Caspian visit?” asked Larry. 
“Yeah, he dropped by yesterday. Everything is fine, don’t worry,” said Joan hurriedly.
Larry sensed that something was off with her voice and tone, but he didn’t think too much of it. He simply assumed that Joan caught a cold and was in a bad mood, so he didn’t say much before he hung up. 
“Was that Larry?” asked Caspian directly. 
“Yeah, but I didn’t tell him what happened,” replied Joan. She is just as thoughtful as she used to be. She never changed and is still a kind woman at heart, thought Caspian. 
Soon, it was finally time for Joan to embarked on her journey to meet the guy who kidnapped Lucius. 
Before long, the car came to a stop at the entrance of an abandoned warehouse. There were obstacles ahead, so Joan had to get out of the car and slowly walk to the abandoned petrol station that was some distance away. Aside from her, there was no one else in sight. 
“Is someone here?” shouted Joan as she scanned her surroundings. The entire place was quiet, and no one responded. 
“Hello? It’s me, Joan Watts!” called out Joan, but everything remained motionless. 
“What is going on? Why isn’t anyone showing up?” whispered Jessica as she nudged Caspian’s arm. 
“Stop talking and pay attention to the changes,” was his short reply. 
Bang! A barrel suddenly fell from the tree. On the barrel was a message carved into it. 
The message told Joan that the location of the meeting had been changed. She turned around and stared at a random spot for a few seconds before she went back into her car. 
“What does that mean? Why is she leaving?” asked Jessica.
“They must’ve changed the location. Let’s go,” informed Caspian before he held Jessica’s hand and left. 
“Is Joan going to be alright? We’re moving so much. Can she handle the hassle?” asked Jessica in a worried tone. 
“Don’t worry. We have settled on a few secret signs, so I can read her expression and her hand gesture to decipher the message,” answered Caspian. 
“Huh, you two are pretty in sync,” said Jessica, jealousy evident in her expression and her voice. 
“It’s only natural that we did that. They are definitely monitoring Joan’s phone, so we could only communicate this way,” replied Caspian. 
Meanwhile, Joan was driving ahead in another car. Fear was apparent in her eyes, and she was so nervous that her hands were trembling endlessly. 
You can do this, Joan Watts. You have to rescue Lucius! She started distracting herself to calm her nerves. 
“I’m here. Where are you?” asked Joan nervously while she was in the car. 
“Are you alone?” demanded the man. 
“Yes, I am on my own, and I’ve reached the destination,” replied Joan. 
“I’m warning you, Joan Watts, you’d better not try anything funny with me,” growled the man. 
Joan’s legs were trembling at that moment. Anxiety was drowning her.
Has Caspian been discovered? No, that’s not possible. He has always been careful when he works. There’s no way he’s been discovered…
###Chapter 2424
Chapter 2424 
Joan suddenly recalled what Caspian had instructed her earlier. He had warned that she must deny having someone else following her, no matter what the other party said. 
“Where is my son? When will you let him go?” asked Joan right away. 
“Get out of the car and head over to the abandoned parking lot at the side. Your son is waiting for you over there. He will leave, and you will stay. Either that, or neither one of you leave. Also, don’t try to fool me. You are within my line of sight right now,” answered the man before he hung up right away. 
His tone was so fierce that Joan couldn’t fight back. 
She couldn’t send any messages to Caspian, and she had no choice but to listen to that man’s instructions and get out of the car. She then headed directly to the abandoned parking lot. 
“Caspian, look. Joan has gotten out of the car. Why didn’t she signal us?” asked Jessica nervously inside the other car. 
“Lower your voice. Joan probably couldn’t send any signals to us. Someone must be watching her,” replied Caspian warily. 
After saying his piece, the two adults got out of the car and headed to a corner at the side to keep themselves hidden. 
“Lucius? Lucius, where are you? I’m here,” shouted Joan loudly as she walked in. 
“Mom!” the boy called out. 
Hearin Lucius’ voice got Joan’s heart to thump excitedly. She traced his voice and ran over right away.
In the end, she found the boy beside a trash can. 
“How are you? Are you hurt anywhere?” asked Joan in a worried tone while examining Lucius from head to toe. 
“Mom, what are you doing here? I’m fine. Mom, listen to me, they’re all bad people,” warned the boy as he lay in Joan’s arms. 
Naturally, Joan was well aware of that fact. She simply had no choice and had to listen to their instructions to keep Lucius safe. 
“It’s okay, Lucius. Go home now, and don’t worry about me. I have to talk to them about something,” informed Joan while pinching the corner of her clothes a little. 
“Mom, aren’t you going to go back with me?” asked the boy. His big, round eyes shone with curiosity. 
“Walk down that route and keep heading forward. You’ll see Mr. Caspian there, and he will take you home. Hurry along now. Don’t worry. I will be back soon,” replied Joan as she nudged the boy a little to usher him out of the place. 
“Alright. Do hurry home after your conversation ended, okay, Mom?” said Lucius loudly. 
He had actually raised his voice on purpose. He overheard the men talking on the night before, and he knew that there was no way that they could both leave together. Hence, he chose to leave first so that he could alert the police. 
Joan sighed a breath of relief when the boy finally left her line of sight. 
“You can come out now,” shouted Joan. “The kid is gone, and I am the only one here.” 
“Jessica, take the kid home first,” instructed Caspian as he tapped on Jessica’s shoulder gently.
“What about you? What are you going to do?” asked Jessica instantly. 
“I will stay here and wait for Joan. I have to go rescue her, so I need you to take the kid home first then call the police,” replied the man firmly. 
Worry filled Jessica’s heart when she saw Caspian crouching there. 
She was worried that something would happen to him, but she was also worried about Joan. 
“No, I’m staying here with you,” replied Jessica as tears swirled around in her eyes. 
“Be good. This is your mission. You don’t want everyone to die by those criminal’s hands, do you?” said Caspian sternly. 
“No,” replied Jessica, finally convinced. She sobbed and demanded, “Don’t let anything happen to either of you, okay?” 
“Lucius,” called out Jessica to attract the boy’s attention. 
“Ms. Zimmer!” said Lucius. He ran directly into Jessica’s arms. 
“How are you? Are you hurt?” asked Jessica immediately. 
“I’m fine, but Ms. Zimmer, they have my mom. You must rescue her. She’s in danger now,” informed the boy nervously. 
“Calm down. We will find a way to help your mom. I promise,” replied Jessica to offer some comfort. 
After that, she took Lucius away from that secluded area and headed directly to the police station.
###Chapter 2425
Chapter 2425 
Caspian was observing everything from a distance at that moment. 
“So you’re Joan Watts? Huh, you have a pretty face,” murmured the man. 
“What do you want?” demanded Joan immediately. 
“Well, that depends on you,” replied the man. 
“I don’t think I know any of you,” muttered Joan. 
The men standing around her scoffed. 
It didn’t matter if she knew them or not because they were simply paid to carry out those tasks. 
“My gosh, woman. Why did you butt into the rich family’s business?” asked the man directly. 
What the hell did I butt into? Joan didn’t understand what was going on and was staring at the men in confusion. 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” 
“Feigning innocent even at a time like this?” 
Joan simply couldn’t recall who she offended or which rich family she pissed off. 
“Just get straight to the point,” demanded Joan, who had finally lost all her patience. 
“Well, to tell you the truth, we didn’t actually call you here to deal with a serious issue,” replied the man to deliberately get under Joan’s skin.
Joan simply couldn’t understand what was being played out in front of her. She couldn’t even begin to guess it. 
Why isn’t she out yet? Caspian, who was hiding in the corner, was starting to worry. 
Finally, he saw the men brought Joan out of the parking lot. 
“Move! Don’t shout or make any sudden moves,” growled the man as he shoved her harshly and led her to the car in front of them. 
“Hold it right there!” roared Caspian as he dashed out of his hiding spot. 
The men were surprised to see Caspian’s sudden appearance. 
“You f*cking lied to me?” 
Slap! 
A loud slap landed on Joan’s cheek immediately. 
She held her reddened face while her eyes burned with hatred. 
“Step aside, dude. This has nothing to do with you, so butt out,” shouted the man nonchalantly. 
“I won’t let you take that woman away!” Caspian growled. 
Hah, he thinks he can be a hero? The man strode over to Caspian with an arrogant expression. 
“Do you want to die, punk?” threatened the man. 
Truth was, Caspian was ready to lay down his life. If Jessica came in time, he would be rescued. If not, he would spend his last breath protecting Joan.
“Let her go. I will take her place,” said Caspian firmly. 
The man standing in front of Caspian scoffed. He looked at the latter in distaste before spitting, “No can do, punk!” 
“The Owens family sent you, didn’t they?” taunted Caspian deliberately. 
Hearing that, the man was momentarily stunned and at a loss for word. 
“What are you bullsh*tting about? The Owens family? I have no idea who they are,” replied the man. He was avoiding Caspian’s eyes the entire time he spoke. 
Seeing how nervous the man was acting, Caspian knew right away that what he said was the truth. 
“You should know that Joan is Larry Norton’s partner. You know what kind of a man Larry Norton is, don’t you?” said Caspian. 
Everyone in the city knew just how powerful Larry was. He was notorious for being aloof, aggressive, and cruel when conducting business, never showing mercy to anyone. These hooligans actually had the audacity to provoke the man. They’re definitely doomed now. 
However, it was not possible for the hooligans to not know that Joan was Larry’s ex-wife. The reason why they had no fear was that the head of the Owens family had already given his orders, making him the one who would bear all the responsibilities. 
“Just shut up and scram, would you? I don’t have time to chat with you,” said the man before he shoved Caspian rudely. 
In response, Caspian swung his leg over, tripping the man and making him fall to the ground. The man’s subordinates, who were right behind him, were all left flabbergasted.
“Get him!” ordered the man on the ground. He let slip of his foreign accent as he put pressure on his chest. 
Upon hearing his orders, the men attacked simultaneously and pounced at Caspian. 
They had more men on their side, so it didn’t matter how strong Caspian was. He simply couldn’t fight that many muscular men all on his own. 
“Do you really think you could take us on? Hah! Didn’t think so. Let me tell you something. There isn’t a man in this world that I am too afraid to punch. How dare you attack me? You must have a death wish,” taunted the man before he walked over and kicked Caspian. 
“Stop it! I am the one you’re after. This has nothing to do with him. Let him go,” shouted Joan at the side. She looked extremely worried at that moment.
###Chapter 2426
Chapter 2426 
“Joan, stop talking!” shouted Caspian suddenly. 
Blood was dripping from the corner of his lips, and his arms and legs were full of injuries inflicted by those men. He was panting, and his eyes were glowing with feral aggression. Nonetheless, he was not physically able to do much. 
“Are you trying to save him? Joan Watts, you can’t even see yourself, so why are you still putting on an act and pretending to be nice?” growled the man coldly as he turned to stare at Joan. 
“Do whatever you want with me, just let her go,” repeated Caspian with his head down. 
Pfft, what an honorable man! Too bad he placed his loyalty in the wrong person. 
“What is the relationship between the two of you? Is she really worth it? Are you really sacrificing your life for her? The two of you aren’t having an affair, are you? But even if you were, it makes sense, I guess. After all, Joan Watts is nothing but a slut who has seduced countless men,” insulted the man directly. 
“Shut your mouth! Joan is not the kind of woman you think she is,” howled Caspian. 
Huh, he’s pretty adamant about protecting her. 
“My, my, you must fancy her a lot, huh? Do you find her incredibly stunning? Come, let me take a closer look. I’d like to see for myself just how sexy your figure is. How did you get so many men to fall for you?” said the man as he approached Joan slowly, his eyes glowing with lust. 
What is he trying to do? Joan instinctively backed away. Her emotions were running wild.
“What? Are you too chicken to face me? Aren’t you supposed to be really good? Don’t be shy. I’m a man too, so come play with me. I’m curious about how you’d satisfy me,” said the man. 
“Don’t you touch her!” growled Caspian from behind. 
Unfortunately, his words were simply ignored. 
The man had already diverted all his attention to Joan and couldn’t care less about Caspian’s threats. 
“What are you doing?” Joan asked fearfully, mixed emotions overwhelming her. 
I don’t think I’ve ever felt this scared before. At that moment, all Joan could think about was Larry. She was worried that she would never be able to see him again, and she was worried that she would not live to see the next sunrise. 
“Come over and let me have a taste of your body. I am actually great at satisfying women, you know,” said the man as he pulled her into his arms. 
“You b*stard, let go of her. Don’t touch her!” roared Caspian. 
“Let him go,” demanded Joan. She was trembling when she pointed at Caspian. 
The man stared at her, then at Caspian, who was pinned down behind him. An evil grin slowly crept onto his face. 
“Do you take me as a three-year-old? I’m not an idiot. Besides, he did this to himself,” said the man as he tried to take her clothes off. “Come on, then. Let me see how good you are.” 
“Let go of me, you despicable jerk!” Joan choked out. She was struggling and sobbing, but she didn’t dare to attack the man because she was worried about Caspian. 
“Why? Don’t you girls love bad boys like me? This makes things exciting, doesn’t it?”
Rip! 
The man had torn Joan’s coat off. 
“Ah!” 
Joan suddenly ambushed the man by biting hard on his arm. 
“You b*tch! How dare you bite me? F*ck you. You’re so dead!” 
Slap! A harsh slap landed on Joan’s head, and she saw stars. 
“It is your honor that I am willing to f*ck you!” howled the man. 
“Let Caspian go,” requested Joan weakly with her head down. 
She was exhausted at that moment, and she didn’t have the energy to fight the man anymore. 
“Or what? Who do you think you are? Ordering me like that,” growled the man before he kicked her. 
Joan stumbled backward and fell to the ground. 
“Joan! Are you okay? Don’t worry about me. I’ll be fine!” Caspian called out. 
But there was no way Joan would heed his words, for she already felt too much remorse toward Caspian. 
“Is this not exciting enough for you? Come then, let’s do it in front of him,” said the man before he dragged her toward Caspian.
###Chapter 2427
Chapter 2427 
“Don’t touch me,” growled Joan. She used every bit of strength in her to push him away, but she soon discovered that she was so weak that she couldn’t even walk right. 
Rip! Rip! The man tore off her clothes one piece at a time. 
“Stop! Let her go. Come after me instead!” shouted Caspian angrily. 
Joan was pinned in the man’s embrace, helpless as he played with her. Before long, all that was left on her were her short pants and her bra. Her fair skin and alluring figure were presented for all to see. 
“You really are sexy. No wonder so many men fell for you,” commented the man as he nibbled on Joan’s neck. 
“Let me go,” begged Joan pitifully. 
“No way. I will have you!” replied the man. He pulled her close in his arms, and with his free hand, he caressed her body endlessly. 
“Let go of her! Joan, hang in there!” 
Caspian’s face was twisted in anger. Nonetheless, there wasn’t anything he could do. 
“Stop!” Just then, a familiar voice sounded from behind everyone. 
When Joan turned to look, she finally saw the face she had been longing to see, and her lips instinctively trembled. 
“What do we do now?” asked a subordinate who had rushed over.
“Is he on his own?” asked the man. 
“For now, it looks like he is alone.” 
“Then we’ll just gang up and run him down,” replied the man before he slowly approached Larry. “What’s up?” 
“What’s up? You’ve kidnapped a kid and are now trying to rape a woman. What do you think is up?” growled Larry in response, his eyes glowed with murderous intent. 
He had been suppressing his anger for a while because he knew that they outnumber him by ten to one. Given the difference in manpower, they could easily kill him. As such, he had to buy some time for his men to rush over. 
“So? What does that have anything to do with you?” challenged the man. 
“It has everything to do with me! Joan Watts is mine.” 
“Mr. Norton, please be aware of one simple fact. Joan Watts is no longer yours. The two of you are divorced,” reminded the man. 
What a bunch of stupid pests. They know who I am, and yet, they are still stupid enough to act so arrogantly? 
“Who’s paying you to do this?” demanded Larry. He was deliberately interrogating the man to buy more time. 
“That definitely has nothing to do with you,” said the man before he laughed. 
“Let Joan and Caspian go now, and I won’t come after you lot for what you have done. If you don’t, I will cripple every single one of you,” threatened Larry with a straight face on.
Hearing that, Caspian knew then that Larry was truly infuriated. It had been a while since I last saw Larry looking that fierce. 
“Stop joking around, Mr. Norton. Are you sure we’re the ones that are about to be crippled? Maybe that honor belongs to you,” refuted the man before he scoffed at Larry. 
“Is that so?” said Larry. In the next moment, over a hundred men showed up behind him. Every single one of them was armed with blades. 
“Wait! T-This is just a misunderstanding. Mr. Norton, t-this is all just a joke. I was simply messing with you. Haha, come now, there’s no need to make such a big deal out of it, am I right?” said the man. He was quick to change his stance and admit defeat when he saw how many enemies he was facing. In fact, his tone resembled that of a person who was begging for mercy. 
You’re only realizing your mistake now? Caspian turned his face around. He looked at the men, whose faces were painted with a beautiful shade of horror, and grinned. 
“What? You’re only begging for mercy now? A little too late, don’t you think?” 
Larry waved his hand, and his subordinates rushed over right away to grab the man before beating him senseless. Since Larry had already said that he would cripple them, he was not going to hold back. 
“Larry…” murmured Joan from some distance away. Her eyes were half-closed, and she was wrapping herself up with her arms when she slowly fell. 
“Joan! Wake up!” yelled Larry as he held her close. 
Joan simply lay motionless.
Soon, the situation was under control. Their enemies were now lying on the floor, crippled. Larry wanted to teach them a lesson and give them a constant reminder of what would happen if they go after the woman he loves. 
“I’m sorry, Larry,” apologized Caspian with his head down when they were inside the hospital ward.
###Chapter 2428
Chapter 2428 
“What are you apologizing for?” asked Larry as he shifted his gaze to Caspian who was lying on the bed. 
“I didn’t keep Joan and the kid safe,” answered Caspian in a guilty tone. 
What an idiot. He’s already wounded to this extent, but he is still worried about that. 
“That’s enough. Stop overthinking it. Just focus on getting better,” replied Larry. 
Truth was, Larry was rather angry with Caspian’s decisions and actions. Yes, I did order him to protect Joan, but he was not supposed to sacrifice his life. 
Everything should be done in moderation and after careful consideration. Caspian lacks the ability in strategizing and solving problems without resorting to throwing punches. 
“How is Joan? Is she feeling better?” asked Caspian. 
“She’s fine. She’s still unconscious, so I will head over and see how she’s doing now. Get some rest,” instructed Larry before he left Caspian’s room. 
“How is she, doctor? Is she alright?” asked Larry as he stared at the doctor. 
“She’s in shock, so try not to let her out of the house too much for now,” informed the doctor. He then added, “Take care of her and pay attention to her emotions. Wild sways in moods would not be beneficial to her recovery.” 
As he gazed at the woman on the hospital bed, Larry felt his heart ached for her.
He had gotten to the bottom of it all. The culprits had already confessed that the head of the Owens family, Keith, was the mastermind. 
“Larry…” muttered Joan as she shook her head in her sleep. 
“I’m here, Joan. Wake up,” said Larry. He rushed over quickly to hold her hand. 
“Larry!” shouted Joan suddenly as she sat up. Her eyes flung open, and she stared blankly ahead for a moment. 
“Joan, you’re okay now. Trust me. It’s all in the past,” promised Larry as he stroked her hair gently. 
She couldn’t hold it in anymore. She snuggled into Larry’s arms and cried her eyes out. 
“I-I thought I’d never see you again. I thought I’d die, and I thought you don’t love me anymore…” 
All her suppressed anger and frustration flushed out of her lips in that instant. 
“Silly girl, that will never happen. I’m here now, and everything will be better,” cooed Larry as he gently stroked her back. 
“Where’s Caspian, Larry? Is he alright? He got beat up because he tried to save me,” blurted Joan as if she had suddenly recalled something. 
“He’s fine. Don’t worry, and don’t overthink it. I’ve already settled everything,” replied Larry. 
Meanwhile, the man in question was currently lying on the bed in the other hospital ward and was resting with his eyes closed. 
Bang! The door was suddenly flung open.
Caspian was about to open his eyes to check who it was when a woman suddenly leaned on his chest and cried aloud. 
What is up with this woman now? Did someone bully her? Or did she fail to bully someone? 
“What’s wrong? Tell me,” said Caspian as he stroked her back to comfort her. 
“Caspian, does it hurt?” asked Jessica softly while wiping her tears away. 
I-Is she worried about me? Caspian was surprised. Huh, I didn’t think this woman actually cares that much about me. 
“It did hurt quite a bit earlier, but I’m alright now,” answered Caspian slowly. 
“Look at you. Your face, your neck, your arm, your legs… There are wounds everywhere. It must hurt so much. I told you not to go, but you insisted on being a hero. Now look at the state you’re in. Are you happy now? You’re hospitalized!” growled Jessica angrily before she pinched his arm hard. 
“That’s my boss’ wife. I have to save her, even if it meant sacrificing my life,” replied Caspian. 
Jessica got jealous at that. 
Why must he go to this extent to protect her? She’s only his boss’ wife. It’s not like she’s his wife. Could it be that this assh*le actually have feelings for Joan? Suspicion flashed past Jessica’s eyes as she glared at the man before her. 
“Just say what you want. What’s the point in glaring at me like that?” said Caspian. 
“Do you really only see Joan as your boss’ wife?” asked Jessica without beating around the bush.
###Chapter 2429
Chapter 2429 
Pfft! Caspian couldn’t contain his laughter, and he chuckled aloud. 
“What else could I take her as, then? My mom?” 
“Stop messing around. I’m being serious. Are you in love with Joan?” asked Jessica carefully as she scrutinized the man on the hospital bed. 
What is wrong with this woman? Did she take the wrong meds? Or did her brain got fried? Joan is my boss’ wife, there’s no way I would see her as anything but that. Besides, I honestly have no feelings for her. 
“Stop spouting nonsense,” replied Caspian before he turned around. 
Hold on, something is off! Jessica run around and looked right into his eyes in an attempt to read his expressions. 
“Tell me the truth. Have you tried courting her before? Did you come after me because she rejected your advances?” interrogated Jessica. 
Oh my gosh, her imaginations baffles me! Caspian stared at the woman he loved and shook his head before sighing. 
“My dear, Ms. Jessica Zimmer, can you please stop your nonsensical ramblings? Joan was, is, and will always be my boss’ wife, okay? Also, I only see her as a family member and a friend. There is no love between us. Understand?” said Caspian. 
His words got Jessica to feel much better. She simply wanted to hear Caspian clarify everything and deny having any feelings for Joan.
“Ah, I see,” replied Jessica. 
“What did you think was going on?” demanded Caspian while glaring at her, seemingly a little upset. 
“Aww, come on, why are you angry? I swear, your mood swings faster than that of a woman’s…” muttered Jessica before she slapped on Caspian’s shoulder harshly. 
“Ouch!” yelped Caspian. 
“What’s wrong? Did I hit your wound? I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean it,” said Jessica apologetically while massaging his shoulder for him. 
“Mmm… that feels good. Do continue,” said Caspian with his eyes closed. He seemed like he was really enjoying the massage. 
He tricked me! What an assh*le! Jessica pressed hard and kneaded his muscles with force. Caspian frowned. He wanted to say something, but he was too afraid to do so. 
“Tell me, do you dare trick me again?” demanded Jessica. 
“No, no, never again. Please, be gentler,” said Caspian hurriedly, begging for mercy. 
That’s better. Jessica loosened her grip immediately and walked to the side to peel an apple for him. 
“Caspian, you’re awake! How are you? Are you feeling better?” asked Joan weakly as she entered the ward slowly. 
“Joan? What are you doing here? I should be the one visiting you. Come, sit,” replied Caspian, preparing to get up from the bed to help Joan. 
“Don’t move around. I’ll do it,” instructed Jessica before she headed over to support Joan.
Caspian found it a little strange when he saw how uncharacteristically mature Jessica was being. 
“I’m so sorry. This is all my fault. If it wasn’t for me, you wouldn’t have gotten injured or hospitalized,” apologized Joan instantly. 
She came just to apologize to Caspian. 
“What are you talking about, Joan? We’re a family, so what’s with the apologies? It’s fine. I’ll recover soon. Don’t worry. I’m just glad that you’re okay,” said Caspian quickly. 
Jessica, who was standing at the side, turned to him immediately. She glared at Caspian, seemingly unhappy with his response. 
You assh*le. What do you mean when you say that you’re just glad that she’s okay? You obviously care about her! 
“Come have an apple, Joan,” offered Jessica before handing Joan an apple. “Larry said that you should stay in the hospital and focus on recovering. Don’t think too much about anything else.” 
“Here, this one’s for you,” added Jessica in a distant tone before she tossed a peeled apple to Caspian. 
That is one harsh tone. What is she mad about now? Women are such strange creatures. 
“It’s fine, Joan. I am supposed to do all that, so you don’t need to feel guilty. I promised Larry that I would take care of you and keep you safe. In the end, not only did I fail, but you even got hurt. To be honest, I am partially at fault for everything that happened.”
###Chapter 2430
Chapter 2430 
“Don’t say that. I feel guilty enough as it is…” 
The two of them chatted and discussed the matter endlessly in the room. They had completely neglected Jessica by then. 
“Alright, stop it. Both of you. None of this is on either of you, okay? It’s actually my fault. I’m bored too, so I’m gonna steal the blame just like how the two of you are doing,” teased Jessica. 
Joan and Caspian chuckled at that. The atmosphere in the ward lightened up after that. 
“What are you doing here? I’ve been looking everywhere for you,” said Larry as he entered the room. 
“I came to visit Caspian,” replied Joan. 
Larry was quick to take his coat off and drape it over Joan’s shoulders before grinning at her. 
Look at how sweet her husband is to her. I’m so envious… Jessica sighed and was a little depressed. 
“What’s wrong, Jessica?” asked the man lying on the hospital bed. 
“Nothing,” replied Jessica. 
Meanwhile, Larry was holding Joan’s hand, trying to comfort her and make her feel warmer. 
“Don’t worry. Time will make everything better,” said Larry as he held Joan. 
Jessica couldn’t handle it anymore. 
“Seriously guys, must you do that here? Flaunting your love like that in front of single and lonely people… that’s just cruel, man…” protested Jessica.
“You can be all lovey-dovey too. Just get together with Caspian,” said Larry before he deliberately shot a look at Caspian. 
What he said was possible, but Jessica felt that it was not time yet. She still had her own plans to carry out. 
“You two better hurry back. Who knows what you will do next if you keep being all lovey-dovey with each other? I don’t want to see anything dirty,” said Jessica before she chased the couple right out of the hospital ward. 
“How can you be so rude? This is my room!” reminded Caspian. 
“Well, what’s yours is mine.” 
“And why’s that?” 
“Because you like me,” replied Jessica with her head held high. 
She spoke so confidently that it was as if they were already married. 
“I want some dumplings,” said Caspian all of a sudden. 
“Wait here. I’ll go buy some for you right now,” replied Jessica before she rushed out of the room. 
Caspian was frowning at that moment. 
What did she mean by that? Why does she care so much if she doesn’t love me? Caspian was utterly confused at that moment. 
“Don’t run around in the future. Rest assured that whatever happens, I will solve it,” said Larry before he planted a soft kiss on Joan’s forehead.
“I was just a little worried about something happening to Caspian,” replied Joan. 
After all, Caspian is Larry’s right-hand man. I can’t let anything happen to him. 
“It’ll be fine. Be good and stay here. Focus on recovering. I have to go to the office now, but I will come and keep you company at night.” 
The two of them flirted a little more before Larry left. 
Just then, Joan’s phone rang. The name that was flashing on the screen was none other than Delilah. 
Joan hesitated a little as she stared at her vibrating phone. 
She didn’t know how to talk to Delilah about the matter. After all, everything happened because of her. Joan deliberated for a long time before she mustered up enough courage to pick up the call. 
“I’m sorry, Joan,” said Delilah suddenly. 
Joan was a little confused when she heard the older woman’s apology. She assumed that Delilah called to yell some more at her, but that didn’t happen. 
“Don’t be. This is all my fault, Ms. Young. Please forgive me,” said Joan hurriedly. 
“Listen to me, Joan. I was too worried earlier because Lucius was missing, so I treated you poorly and said some terrible things. I admit that I was in the wrong. I hope that you can forgive me and understand where I was coming from,” said Delilah without beating around the bush. 
Delilah had always been a straightforward woman, and she never liked to dilly-dally. She wasn’t pretentious either, and that was why she had always liked Joan. However, Lucius’ disappearance had overwhelmed her, and she was unreasonably rude to Joan. Delilah knew that she was out of line, but she couldn’t help it.
###Chapter 2431
Chapter 2431 
“I understand, Ms. Young,” replied Joan softly. 
They had known each other for a while now, and they had always interacted well together. The only conflict they ever had stemmed from an issue caused by Joan herself. 
Still, nothing mattered as long as Lucius was safe. 
“How are you now? I heard from Larry that you are injured. Since he’s busy, I’ll go take care of you.” 
“No, that won’t be necessary. Please take care of Lucius at home. I have someone here with me in the hospital, so you don’t need to worry,” said Joan immediately. 
She didn’t want to put more burden on the elderly lady. In fact, she had been thinking about whether she should move out of the house recently and had been struggling with her decisions. 
She knew that she would miss Lucius and Delilah if she moved out, but if she stayed, she would just be a burden. 
“Joan, I got you your lunch,” said Jessica suddenly as she entered the room. 
“Thank you,” replied Joan with a troubled look. 
Seeing that, Jessica got curious. 
“What’s wrong, Joan? Is something up?” asked Jessica. 
“Huh? Oh, it’s nothing. Have you had lunch? What about Caspian? Has he eaten?” asked Joan.
Why is she so worried about Caspian? Is she worried because he was wounded because of her? Or is there something else? Jessica’s expression turned a little strange. 
“He already had his lunch. Don’t worry,” she replied. She then asked, “By the way, Joan, when are you and Larry going to get married again?” 
That was a rather complicated question, and Joan didn’t know the answer. 
She suddenly felt exhausted, and she wanted to rest for a while without anyone bothering her. 
“What’s wrong? Are the two of you not getting back together?” asked Jessica in a worried tone when she saw how hesitant Joan seemed. 
There’s no way, right? After all, they have been together for so many years. Are they really going to break up just like that? That’s not likely, right? Besides, Joan has learned the truth behind why Larry signing the divorce papers, so… 
“Can we not talk about this now? Let’s talk about your bookstore. How is it going?” asked Joan. 
How did she know that I recently set up a bookstore? 
“It’s good. Everything is progressing well now, but I plan on making it a chain store,” answered Jessica. 
I want to be a strong and successful woman. That way, Caspian will have no grounds to yell or diss at me anymore. 
“That sounds amazing. Good luck.” 
“Joan!” 
Just then, a familiar and feminine voice disrupted the conversation between the two ladies.
“What is going on? How did you get kidnapped? Come, let me see how you are. Are you hurt?” asked Nancy. She was panting as she examined the woman on the bed. 
“Don’t worry, Nancy. I’m fine. See? I’m alright,” replied Joan. 
“Alright? You’re hospitalized! How can you still say that you’re alright?” scolded Nancy while glaring at her. 
“How did you know that I was kidnapped?” 
“Larry told me. He asked if I was free to come and keep you company,” replied Nancy. He is so considerate, thought Joan, who felt warm and fuzzy inside. 
“So, who is behind this? Who would dare come after you?” asked Nancy, who had gotten into her gossiping mode. 
“It’s nothing, really. Just a bunch of hooligans…” answered Joan awkwardly. 
Jessica was standing at the side and was going to step up to explain the situation. However, she caught Joan’s expression and cue, so she exited the room instead. 
Nevermind. She must have her own reasons for lying. 
“What happened next?” 
“Nothing. I was rescued after that.” 
That’s it? No way! Nancy seemed angry as she stared suspiciously at the woman in front of her. 
“Joan, aren’t we BFFs? How can you lie to me about something like this?”
I just don’t want to worry you, thought Joan before she smiled awkwardly. 
“Okay, stop worrying needlessly. I’m fine. Here’s the gist of it. I had a friend whose father is angry at me because…” said Joan.
###Chapter 2432
Chapter 2432 
Joan didn’t need to explain anything in detail for Nancy to guess that the Owens family was behind it. 
“You’re talking about the head of the Owens family, aren’t you? Makes sense, I guess,” being an intelligent woman, Nancy was quick to deduce everything. “Ugh, Caiden is such a lunatic. He has always known that the man you love is Larry, but he keeps badgering you shamelessly, anyway.” 
Nancy paused before she protested and got ready to leave. She said, “You know what? This won’t do. I’m gonna go and have a word with that jerk.” 
“Stop. Don’t. Larry will deal with it,” said Joan quickly to stop her. 
“No, that won’t do. Larry will do what he is supposed to do, but I still have to go talk to Caiden. I need to know what the hell is his problem!” insisted Nancy. She was so stubborn that Joan couldn’t stop her. 
Meanwhile, Caiden was sitting in a corner of a café swiping at the screen of his mobile phone, looking bored. 
Lately, he had been learning business management from his father because he had decided to take over his father’s business. However, he was annoyed by the boring, endless tasks at work. 
“Caiden Owens!” called out Nancy as she marched toward him. 
Everyone in the area was surprised to hear a woman shouting like that. They shifted their gazes to her. 
“Nancy? What brought you here? It’s been such a long time since we last saw each other,” greeted Caiden as he stood up. 
He was old friends with Nancy, but they lost touch after he went overseas.
“You assh*le!” shouted the woman before she flung her bag at him. 
What the hell is wrong with her? What’s up with that bad temper? I don’t remember pissing this woman off lately… Caiden instinctively backed away from her. He knew just too well how Nancy would turn into a violent banshee upon losing her temper. 
“You assh*le! Why do you keep pestering Joan all the time? Are you really that lonely?” 
Nancy cussed so much that Caiden was thrown off guard and was at a loss of what to do. He didn’t know what had happened or why the woman in front of him was that angry. 
“Nancy, calm down and speak clearly, please,” said Caiden as he tried to get Nancy to settle down. 
Unfortunately, nothing worked. Nancy had always been loud. Moreover, the person who got hurt was someone she cared about, so her emotions were running wild with worry at that moment. 
“Tell me. Why did you do all that to Joan?” demanded Nancy. 
Caiden felt wronged as he stared at the woman in front of him. 
“What did I do to her? She got a divorce, so I courted her and proposed to her afterward. What’s wrong with that? Besides, didn’t she reject my proposal? I never bothered her again after that. What else do you expect from me?” asked Caiden. 
He thought that he had improved a lot because he was able to let Joan go. 
Given his usual style, he would’ve kept courting and badgering the lady until he finally got her. But that didn’t happen with Joan. He had decided to let go of his feelings for her to save himself, the Owens family, and his parents. He even went back to work at the office. Is all that still not enough? 
“Do you know that she almost died?” roared Nancy angrily.
That sentence got Caiden’s attention. 
“What is that supposed to mean? Tell me. What happened to Joan?” demanded Caiden immediately. 
“The head of your family did it. He kidnapped Joan. Luckily, she was rescued in the end. You’ve already returned to the Owens family, so isn’t it time you let Joan go? She never even bothered you in the first place,” complained Nancy. 
She’s right. I was the one who actively went after Joan. She rejected me and tried to avoid me, but I never gave up until recently. 
“Okay, I understand. Don’t worry. I will get to the bottom of this,” replied Caiden. 
The two of them spoke a little more before they parted ways. 
At the hospital, Joan was currently resting on the bed. She was mindlessly flipping through a magazine, looking bored and sad. 
I wonder how Lucius is. Did the ordeal scare him? 
Joan struggled for a long time before she picked up her phone and called Delilah.
###Chapter 2433
Chapter 2433 
“Hi Ms. Young, is Lucius home? Can I talk to him?” requested Joan carefully. 
“Lucius, your mom is looking for you,” shouted Delilah. 
“Where are you, Mom?” asked Lucius immediately. He sounded worried. 
“I can’t go home just yet. Lucius, are you okay? Are you in shock?” asked Joan. 
“Not at all. Don’t worry, Mom. I’m a big boy. Still, why aren’t you home yet? I’m so worried about you,” said Lucius sadly. 
Joan felt touched upon hearing those words. At that moment, she thought that everything she did till then was worth it. 
Meanwhile, Larry was working away in his office. for some reason, Norton Corporation had been dealing with a lot of issues lately. All that stress was made worse when Joan got hurt, and he was feeling a little tired. 
I’m so glad to have Jessica helping me out by taking care of Caspian and Joan. 
“Larry,” greeted Jessica as she entered the room. 
“What are you doing here? Aren’t you supposed to be in the hospital?” asked Larry immediately. 
“Everything’s fine at the hospital, so don’t worry. How are you? Have you eaten?” asked Jessica, a hint of worry shining in her eyes. 
“I’m not hungry,” replied the man nonchalantly.
He hasn’t eaten all day. How is he not hungry? What? Does he think he is? A machine? Jessica walked over and placed a container of food on his desk. 
“Joan and Caspian had already eaten, so I came to deliver this to you,” said Jessica. 
“Thank you for everything,” said Larry. He had shifted his gaze to her and his eyes were filled with sincerity as he spoke. 
Even though she had sacrificed and spent a lot of her free time in the hospital, Jessica never regretted that decision. 
When she was at her lowest and weakest point, Larry had stayed by her side and never abandoned her. He patiently consoled her and helped her even when it caused a rift between him and Joan. It even got the entire world to misunderstand him. Hence, she would not give up easily when it was her turn to step up because Larry needed her. 
“It’s no trouble at all. Anyway, you need to take care of yourself, too. If you fall from exhaustion, I will have to take care of all three of you idiots,” teased Jessica. 
This annoying woman. She really doesn’t have a filter when she speaks. Darn, those are some hurtful words, thought Larry. 
Caiden was sitting on the sofa in the living room. He kept checking his watch, looking as if he was waiting for someone. 
It took some time before that familiar yet estranged face showed up. 
“Dad!” exclaimed Caiden. Startled, Keith turned around and looked at his son, who was standing in front of him. After that, he walked over. 
“It’s late. Why are you still up?” asked Keith.
“Did you go after Joan Watts?” demanded Caiden. 
Keith adjusted his clothes and fell silent. I guess what Nancy said was true then, thought Caiden. 
“This has nothing to do with her. It’s all on me,” informed Caiden. 
How can this have nothing to do with her? If it hadn’t been for that woman, you would not have gone so insane to the point where you ignore the pride of the Owens family and proposed to her! Keith glared at him but had no intention of speaking to his son. 
“Please stop bothering her. There’s nothing between us anymore,” added Caiden. 
Those words got Keith’s interest piqued. They broke up? 
“Since I’ve decided to return to the Owens family and go work at the company, it’s only natural that I am no longer burdened by matters of the heart. Don’t worry. I will focus on work from now on,” promised Caiden. 
Keith grinned in satisfaction when he saw his son behaving that way. 
“Since Caiden has already made things clear, just make him that promise. Joan Watts never really did anything bad to us, anyway,” said Caiden’s mom suddenly as she walked over. 
Keith turned to his son, then his wife, before nodding slightly. 
“Caiden, you’re no longer a kid, and I pray that you will focus on your career. A man can live without a wife or money, but he cannot survive without a career. In other words, you’ll basically have it all once your career blooms,” advised Keith sternly.
###Chapter 2434
Chapter 2434 
“Got it.” It was the first time the father-son pair conversed amiably, and in some way, Joan played a huge role in this. Olivia could not help but smile at the two men chatting away enthusiastically. “Alright. That’s enough. Come and have some apples.” 
“Mom, just leave it on the table. I need to discuss some company matters with Dad first,” Caiden said hurriedly. 
Keith felt proud and comforted to see Caiden treat his work seriously. He no longer had to worry about having no one to take over his business. “Let’s continue, then!” he exclaimed. 
Now that Keith promised to stop giving Joan a hard time, peace returned to the family. 
Back in the hospital, Lucius was snuggled comfortably in Joan’s arms. “Mom, are you feeling ok?” 
“Don’t worry, Lucius. I’m fine,” came Joan’s reply. 
However, her fragile and thin frame betrayed her words. Lucius could not stop worrying about her. 
Despite so, Joan managed to recover over time. However, the nearer she got to being discharged, the more hesitant she became. She was not ready to face Delilah. Although the latter wanted her to continue living in her house, the incident the other day greatly affected Joan, making her feel undecided whether to stay or leave. 
“Joan.” Delilah treaded into the ward. 
“Ms. Young, why are you here?” Joan greeted.
“How do you feel? Your body’s almost recovered right?” There was a trace of awkwardness in Delilah’s voice. Even so, it could not hide the anxiousness she was feeling. Joan knew what she was worried about. 
“I’m fine.” 
“If that’s the case, let’s go home,” blurted Delilah 
Her eagerness touched Joan’s heart. 
Delilah continued, “It was my fault the other day. I hope you can forgive me for shouting at you. Lucius’ my only grandson and I can’t bear to live without him…” 
In the face of her sincere words, Joan’s heart softened. She understood why Delilah acted the way she did then. Besides, she wasn’t someone to hold a grudge. 
Joan relented. “All right, let’s go home.” Upon hearing her words, Lucius’ eyes lit up. 
“Mom’s coming home! Woohoo!” He jumped around excitedly. 
Although Joan made her decision, she still felt slightly conflicted. Perhaps only time could heal all the unhappiness, regret, and guilt she was feeling. 
Back at home, Larry was seated in the living room. Noticing their arrival, he became slightly displeased. “Oh. You’re back?” 
“Yeah. I’m home,” Joan muttered. 
After Delilah helped to keep Joan’s luggage in her room, she took Lucius with her, leaving both of them alone. The couple looked at each other affectionately.
“I thought you’re not coming back here to stay?” As he spoke, Larry wrapped his arms around her waist tightly. 
How could I bear to leave my family? Although Delilah and Lucius were not blood-related with her, Joan had without a doubt treated them like her real family. 
“I can’t leave Lucius and Ms. Young, and they need me too,” said Joan. 
Larry knew that she had always been this sort of person; kind and soft-hearted. Joan would do everything within her means to protect those she loved, even if it meant getting hurt. That was also why he swore to protect and treasure her. 
“Joan, do you want to live together? We can have Ms. Young and Lucius move to our house instead,” asked Larry suddenly. 
Although Joan was on board with his idea, she knew that Delilah would never agree to move out. After all, at the latter’s age, it would be a hassle to move into a new environment. 
“I think our current arrangement is fine,” Joan replied.
###Chapter 2435
Chapter 2435 
Sensing her worries, Larry gave up persuading her. He respected her choice. 
“Dinner’s ready!” Delilah called out from the dining room. 
It felt like such a long time since they had a meal together as a family. Now, everything was back to normal again. 
Although Keith had stopped finding trouble for Joan, Larry was just getting started. He wanted revenge for the woman he loved. 
“Mr. Norton, are we really doing this?” His assistant looked at him in disbelief. 
“Yes. Cut all ties with the Owens family. We will not work with them anymore.” There was not the slightest bit of hesitation in his voice. They got what they deserved for testing my limits. 
Touching Joan was the worst move anyone could have made, for to hurt her meant hurting him. Larry did not care whether his opponent was Keith or a child, he would not let the person who hurt Joan off the hook that easily. 
“Mr. Norton, maybe we can reconsider this? The Owens family is a large corporation with great influence. I think…” His assistant listed all sorts of reasons in an attempt to dissuade him. 
Indeed, with a corporation of their scale, many companies would do anything for a chance to collaborate with them. Larry’s decision would undoubtedly cause Norton Corporation some loss. 
“My decision’s final. I’ll bear the consequences myself.” Larry’s resolute gaze silenced the assistant. 
“Are you serious? Mr. Norton’s terminating all our projects with the Owens family?”
“Exactly. I wonder what he’s thinking. Why is he making an enemy out of them?” A few employees were gossiping about the matter discreetly. 
News spread fast. Very soon, the whole company was talking about this. They could not believe that Larry had done this for a woman. 
Meanwhile, Larry was in his office busy with work. He paid no heed to the gossips that were spreading like wildfire. His decision was not on impulse. There was plenty of preparation leading to this. 
Caspian strode angrily toward the lift in the lobby. He pressed the floor to Larry’s office. 
“Larry! How could you do this? Your personal feud with Caiden is a separate matter from work. Your rash decision will only drag the company down!” he shouted at the top of his lungs. 
“I know,” was Larry’s calm reply. 
Does he really know? Caspian knew that once their collaboration with the Owens family falls through, they would have to search for another business partner. That would mean redesigning the project, brief, etc., This was not just an issue about time, many other things such as their employees’ productivity were on the line. 
“Larry, why don’t you have a talk with Caiden? Heck, you can talk to Keith too, if you’d like. I’m sure things isn’t as bad as it looks. If you’re not comfortable with meeting them, I can go on your behalf! Caspian said hurriedly. 
Larry, however, wanted absolutely nothing to do with the Owens family anymore. “Caspian, I have my morals to stick to. They hurt Joan and this is something I cannot forgive,” he replied coldly. 
“Let’s just take a step back and think this through. Isn’t Joan doing fine now? She’s not saying anything, so why are you…”
“Have you forgotten your position? Stop interfering in this!” Larry lashed out. 
At that, Caspian had no choice but to walk out of the room pitifully. Soon after, Caiden arrived. His presence meant that the Owens family had caught wind of Larry’s decision. 
“Mr. Norton, aren’t you acting a bit too rashly?” Caiden asked in a low voice. 
“If this is why you came today, you may leave now. My decision’s final. I see no reason for us to collaborate anymore.” Once Larry had decided on something, it was near impossible to change his mind. 
“Are you going to jeopardize your entire career just for Joan?” How ridiculous!
###Chapter 2436
Chapter 2436 
“So what if that’s the case? Have you forgotten all those times you fell out with your family for Joan’s sake?” Larry rebutted. 
Caiden was speechless. He could not refute the fact that he had committed many ridiculous things for Joan. I guess I have no right to criticize Larry… 
Since their conversation was not going anywhere, Caiden left the building for home. He needed to tell Keith about this. 
“What’d you say? Larry didn’t budge? That stubborn brat! He’s not even concerned about his company anymore,” said Keith. 
Like you’re one to complain. Things only escalated this way because you instigated the fight. Of course, Caiden kept his thoughts to himself and simply looked silently at his father. 
“All right, I got it! We’ll talk about this some other time.” With that, Keith went back upstairs. 
He couldn’t be bothered to talk more about this topic since Larry had already made his decision. 
“All right, don’t worry about this too much. Just leave this matter to your dad.” Olivia patted Caiden’s shoulders. 
Back at home, Joan was pruning the plants in the yard. 
Delilah called out to her, “Joan, take a break. I don’t want you to tire yourself out.” It had been a few days since she came home. They decided to put the past behind them and were interacting normally again.
“Don’t worry, Ms. Young. I feel fine!” 
The day went by in a flash. Joan spent the majority of her time in the yard with Delilah. Later that evening, Larry came home. 
Joan enquired, “I heard you terminated the collaboration with the Owens family, is that true?” She looked firmly at Larry with a serious expression. 
“Yes,” was Larry’s simply reply. 
“Why’d you do that?” Joan probed further. 
“No particular reason. I just didn’t want to work with them anymore.” 
Joan could not help but think he had done it for her. She looked at him, doubt swimming in her eyes. 
“Larry, I’m sure you already know this, but I’m not one to care about things like revenge.” She wanted him to know that there was no need to jeopardize the company’s future for her. 
“Don’t worry, I didn’t do it for you.” Larry pulled her into a tight embrace. 
“Then tell me why you did it. If not, I can’t feel at ease.” 
“I have my own morals to keep. I won’t work with someone of such character. If Keith was able to do such despicable things to you, I can’t see how he’ll fare well as my business partner.” Larry kissed her forehead gently. 
Hearing this, she heaved a sigh of relief. The creases on her forehead disappeared. 
“There, is my reason enough to placate your unease?” Larry uttered.
With that matter out of the way, they were back to being all lovey-dovey again. It was only later that day they came out for dinner. 
“Mom! Dad! I scored full marks for my exam today!” Lucius ran excitedly toward Joan and Larry. 
“Wow! My son is such a clever boy. You’re always scoring full marks,” Joan exclaimed proudly. 
“Mom, look! I am the ‘star of the week’!” announced the boy while waving his certificate. 
Larry smiled as the mother-son pair chatted away happily. At that moment, he was contented with life. Being able to come home and have a meal with his loved ones, spending intimate moments with Joan, and falling asleep in each other’s arms was everything he could have ever asked for. 
“Larry! What are you spacing out for? Dinner’s ready!” Delilah called out from the dining room. 
“Coming!” 
“Dad, you’ve been really busy these days. Here, have more meat.” Lucius placed a piece of meat in Larry’s bowl. 
Looking at that piece of meat, Larry’s heart melted.
###Chapter 2437
Chapter 2437 
Both Joan and Delilah smiled at that sight too. Lucius is all grown up! 
“Lucius, why are you so bias? Where’s my meat?” Joan pouted childishly. 
“Of course I didn’t forget about your share, Mom! Dad just happened to be sitting closest to me, that’s all. Here you go!” Lucius proceeded to place a piece of meat in both Joan and Delilah’s bowls. 
His little gesture lit up the room, making their mealtime feel like a return to the blissful and happy times of before. 
The next day, the warm morning sun rays shone through the window and drew a diagonal line across Joan’s face. She stretched while slowly peeling her eyes open. The nice weather had her in smiles. Just as she turned to hug Larry, she was met with an empty bed. He had already left for work. 
That was early. Joan pursed her lips in displeasure. 
Back at Norton Corporation, Keith paid a visit to Larry. “Mr. Norton, aren’t you making a big deal out of this matter? I didn’t even do much to Joan.” 
His words ticked Larry. Is he saying he could have done things that were much worse to Joan? He continued reading his newspaper. If there was one thing he hated, it was people who challenged his limits. 
“Mr. Owens, you should leave. The deed is done, and I have nothing left to discuss with you. Besides, you should know best about the truth,” uttered Larry. 
This brat! How dare he threaten me! Keith gritted his teeth in an attempt to hold back his rage.
“Mr. Norton, we’ve already worked together for so many years. We can’t just stop so abruptly.” 
Larry wanted to throw the words back at him. Since he know that we had worked together for so many years, why would he still dare to touch my woman, then? He snorted. 
“Send our guest off!” Larry called out to his assistant. 
Infuriated by his unbudging attitude, Keith glared ominously at him. 
Right then, Caspian came in to diffuse the tension. “Larry, since Mr. Owen already made the first move, why don’t we just talk this out and…” 
“Shut up and get out!” Larry cut him off. 
Caspian hesitated for a few moments before leaving the room, feeling aggrieved. 
Just like that, Norton Corporation no longer had any ties with the Owens family. Larry was determined to see this through to the end. In the future, there would be no need for him to hold back on Caiden if he ever harassed Joan again. 
Back in the office, Jaden paid Caiden a visit. “Have you really given up on Joan?” he asked dubiously. Jaden was still in disbelief at the fact that not only did Caiden returned to the Owens family, but he had also given up on Joan. 
“What are you implying?” 
“Nothing. Just curious, that’s all!” Based on Jaden’s understanding of Caiden, the latter did not seem like the type to give up that easily. Furthermore, Caiden had been in love with her for so many years. 
“I only see her as a friend now,” Caiden muttered. Now that is a 180-degree change in his attitude, thought Jaden upon hearing that.
“Right. That’s that then. Well, now that you’ve inherited your dad’s company, just focus on your work.” With that, Jaden left his office. 
Now that Caiden was alone, he got up from his seat and went to sit on the couch. He rubbed on his temples methodically. Deep down, he was actually still very much in love with Joan but the latter simply did not have the same feelings for him. Perhaps staying as friends was the best option for both of them. 
“Caiden!” The familiar voice worsened his headache. 
“What are you doing here? Leave now.” Caiden was sick and tired of seeing the woman everywhere.
###Chapter 2438
Chapter 2438 
“Aww, don’t be like that, Caiden. After all, I’m going to work here in the future,” Noelle said kittenishly. 
Hearing that, Caiden felt his blood ran cold. 
Is she kidding me? This is the Owens family’s company. What can she do here? 
“Since you’re here for work, why can’t I be here?” she asked while pursing her lips. 
Well, she’s right in that no one can stop her from coming here. But why must she come here without giving me a heads-up first? A cold glint flashed within Caiden’s eyes. 
This is too much! Noelle works here but didn’t tell me about it in advance! 
“What’s wrong? Are you not happy to see me here?” she suddenly asked. 
Do I have to state the obvious? When was I ever happy to see her? How could she be so delusional? 
“Noelle, why are you here? Get on with your work, and don’t mess around. It won’t be good if other employees see it,” Jaden came up to and reminded her. 
“Alright. Caiden, I’ll get going then!” With that, Noelle left the office. 
Caiden stood still as he stared at Jaden coldly with his piercingly sharp eyes. Knowing that Caiden was angry, Jaden decided not to explain it. 
“These are all the documents you need. Please take a look.” He turned around and left as soon as he finished. 
“Why is Noelle here?” Caiden got straight to the point.
Noelle has been pestering me for a long time. I don’t want her to continue messing with me for the rest of my life! 
“Your mom asked her to come work here. She said Noelle is meticulous enough to deal with some administrative work,” Jaden replied. 
How on earth is she meticulous? She had the personality of an obnoxious shrew. Why would Mom ever think that she’s an elegant lady? What a joke! 
“I know that you aren’t fond of her, but she’s actually serious at work,” Jaden explained. 
Fine. I’ll let it pass. Since she’s your sister, you’ll surely protect her, thought Caiden. 
“Why are you leaving again? I don’t want to see you leave.” In the room, Joan hugged Larry tightly and refused to let go. 
“I came back this time for you. Now that our problems are solved, I have to go deal with other matters,” Larry answered while stroking her hair. 
He had gone abroad last time because Mr. Lancaster, an overseas manufacturer who partnered with Larry’s company, was framed. However, he immediately stopped his work and came back right after receiving Jessica’s call. 
“In that case, take care of yourself. Also, don’t look at the beautiful ladies there,” Joan said softly while putting on a necktie for Larry. 
“When did I ever look at other beautiful ladies? Rest assured that there’ll be only one woman in my life — you.” 
Hearing that, Joan was elated and touched.
She loved him more than life itself, and so did he. 
“Alright, I have to leave now. Stay at home and take care of Lucius, Delilah, and yourself. Call me whenever you have a problem,” Larry said and patted her shoulder. 
“Don’t worry. I’ll take good care of them.” 
Larry eventually left. Same as last time, Larry made the arrangement of leaving Caspian in the country to protect Joan and the rest. 
“Larry, are you sure you don’t need me to go with you?” Caspian asked while carrying Larry’s briefcase. 
“I need you to stay here to take care of their safety. Be mindful of any possible dangers no matter if they are at home or in the office,” Larry said in a hurry. 
“Larry, why don’t you let me go with you? There must be something that I can do to help you,” Jessica suddenly said. 
However, Caspian was reluctant to see her leave. Since when has she become so kind- hearted? Caspian peered at the woman but said nothing. 
“I won’t mind that at all but I’m worried that someone will be pissed off if I take you with me.” Larry glanced at Caspian as he spoke. 
“It’s fine. Don’t worry. I can go with you as long as Joan is okay with it,” Jessica replied.
###Chapter 2439
Chapter 2439 
Men should be more magnanimous than women. Jessica flashed a smile at Caspian. She believed that Caspian wouldn’t have a bee in his bonnet about her leaving. 
However, she overlooked the fact that men could be jealous too. 
“No, it’s okay. Just stay here and don’t go abroad. It’ll be troublesome if I have to take care of you over there,” Larry said. 
“Larry, aren’t you looking down on me a little too much? I just wanted to be of help! Forget it. I don’t want to talk to you anymore,” Jessica replied disgruntledly. 
Her cuteness made Caspian grinned. 
“Alright, stop flirting with each other. I’m not a three-year-old kid, you know…” Larry complained. 
Caspian scratched his head awkwardly. On the other hand, a bright red blush bloomed across Jessica’s cheeks. 
After Larry board the plane, only Jessica and Caspian were left. 
“Let’s go,” she said loudly and pretended to look relaxed. 
“Jessica, have you made up your mind?” Caspian suddenly asked from behind. 
Upon hearing the question, Jessica stopped in her tracks and became nervous. 
“What do you mean?” she deliberately asked, her body was stiff, and she felt as if she couldn’t move an inch.
“How long do you want me to wait? A year? Two years? The rest of my life?” 
Jessica was at a loss for words, for she didn’t expect Caspian to say such things all of a sudden. 
Although she loved him, she couldn’t choose to be with him now. 
“Caspian, can we not dwell on this? I’m tired and want to go home to get some rest.” With that, Jessica turned to leave. 
“Jessica, how long are you going to dodge this? I’m sure that you’re aware that I’m waiting for you. Besides, you’re fond of me, too, don’t you?” Caspian raised his voice. 
So? Does he want me to just be together with him immediately? That’s impossible! I have so many things to do, including developing my career! 
“Jessica, can you not bury your head in the sand? Since we both love each other, why can’t we be together?” As Caspian spoke, he pulled her into his arms and gazed at her affectionately. 
Is he getting impatient because he has been waiting for too long? After a while, Jessica slowly raised her head and gazed at him apologetically. 
“Caspian, I’m sorry to keep you waiting. But…” Jessica faltered. 
I have to devote my time to my career! 
“I understand that you wish to develop your career, and I would never stop you from doing it. In fact, I can wait for you. However, can you please stop pushing me away?” Caspian said affectionately. 
His words moved her. 
Standing in the airport, the couple looked happy as they embraced each other.
“Caspian, I’ve heard that you’re dating Jessica now?” Nancy was gossiping about it excitedly in the living room. 
Although their relationship was over a long time ago, deep down, Nancy still felt guilty toward him. Back then, she hurt him because of her capriciousness. Now that he had finally found his true love, it was only natural that she would be happy for him. 
“Who did you hear this from? Don’t talk nonsense,” Caspian replied. 
“Come on, why don’t you admit it? I mean, Jessica has admitted it, so why are you still hesitating to tell me?” Nancy teased him. 
In actuality, she only intended to sound Caspian out, for she hadn’t seen Jessica for quite some time. 
“Is that true? Did Jessica really tell you that we’re dating?” Caspian came up to Nancy and asked cautiously with a hopeful expression. 
Nonetheless, he still had his doubts. Even though Larry and Joan could see that they were in love, Jessica had told him to keep it a secret. 
“Well, judging from your facial expression, it appears that you guys are really together,” Nancy giggled suddenly.
###Chapter 2440
Chapter 2440 
She tricked me! Caspian shook his head and heaved a sigh. 
She’s always so mischievous and loves gossip. 
“Stop laughing at me. Anyway, for now, we’re just going with the flow,” he said. 
What do you mean by going with the flow? That is just an excuse! Nancy glanced at him but didn’t speak. 
She believed that Caspian and Jessica would end up together. 
“What are you chatting about? You guys look happy,” Joan asked as she approached them with a smile on her face. 
“Joan, Caspian has some news to share,” Nancy blurted. 
“That’s enough. Why do you love to gossip so much? I mean, you’re already a mom now, yet you still like to tittle-tattle,” Caspian murmured. 
“Caspian, that’s where you’re wrong. Any news about you is important news!” Joan interrupted. 
“Yes, it is. After all, Caspian is important to all of us, particularly when it comes to his marriage.” 
As the two women took turns to tease him, Caspian felt rather awkward. 
Since Jory went to his company, the only people left in the villa was them and the kid. 
“Hey, lower your voice. The kid is still sleeping,” Caspian reminded. 
“Don’t worry. My daughter is a good girl and always sleeps soundly.”
With that, the two women continued to grill Caspian for more details with no intention of letting him go. 
All women are the same! Regardless of their age, they still love gossiping about others. 
“So, tell us what happened that made your relationship took off so fast?” Joan got straight to the point. 
“Not much, actually,” Caspian murmured. 
The next moment, the two women burst into laughter. 
They were only trying to sound Caspian out but were surprised that he fell for it so easily. 
“Hear that, Joan? As I said, he has some good news but doesn’t want to share it with us. How can he be so petty, am I right?” Nancy dissed. 
As Joan looked at Caspian, her lips curled into a smirk while a glint flashed across her eyes. 
“Let me be the one to share the news, then!” Suddenly, Jessica walked over to them slowly. 
Shocked to see her here, Caspian immediately stood up to welcome her. 
“Why are you here?” he whispered. 
“I asked her to come,” Nancy interjected. 
Jessica swept her gaze around her surroundings before sitting down beside Joan, looking composed as though nothing happened just now. 
“Alright. It’s time to spill it, then!” Joan said as she gave Jessica a nudge. 
“Why do I have to state the obvious? As you can see, we’re together now. However, we’re keeping our relationship a secret for now,” Jessica answered bluntly.
Caspian couldn’t help but feel excited upon hearing her words. She finally admits to it! 
“So, when will you guys make it public?” Nancy asked. 
“We’ll make it public once I have a stable career. As of now, the time isn’t ripe yet,” Jessica replied. 
Joan and Nancy were aware that Jessica was a career-focused woman. They understood how the latter had to rely on herself to be successful since her parents had passed away while her relatives avoided her. 
“Okay. Caspian, you mustn’t bully Jessica, you hear? Apart from that, no matter at home or work, you must help her and bear the responsibilities of a man!” Nancy decided to give Caspian some gentle reminders. 
She admired Jessica’s personality and treated Jessica as her true friend. As such, she wouldn’t allow anyone to bully or make things difficult for Jessica. 
“Nancy, what are you talking about? I’ll certainly take care of my girlfriend, you don’t have to be worried about her,” Caspian answered, his gaze determined as he pulled Jessica into his arms.
###Chapter 2441
Chapter 2441 
Time flew, and Larry had left the country for a week. Although Joan felt a little lonely, she hesitated to give him a call for fear of bothering him. 
“Joan, what’s up? Do you miss Larry? Just give him a call if that’s the case,” Jessica said worriedly. 
“How can I? He’s busy enough with work, I can’t bother him,” Joan replied. 
“Come on, Joan. You should know that to Larry, you’re more important than anything else in the world,” Jessica comforted her. 
Joan couldn’t help but feel a little shy upon hearing that. 
“To be frank, I really admire the relationship you share with Larry. I mean, you two are still lovey-dovey even after so many years,” Jessica murmured. 
No matter what happened between Larry and Joan in the past, they were always able to push through all challenges and still love each other as before. Getting a divorce was the most serious incident in the course of their marriage. Nonetheless, they eventually got back together and still love one another. 
“There’s nothing to admire about because you and Caspian will live together happily as well,” Joan added. 
Even though Caspian wasn’t a romantic man, he was definitely a caring man. Just that trait alone would have gotten him the approval of many women. 
In fact, there were a lot of mature women who had taken the initiative to court Caspian in the past. However, none of them had managed to capture his heart until Jessica came along.
“Joan, can you tell me what kind of a man Caspian was in the past? I mean, he’s never told me anything about his past,” Jessica asked impatiently while sitting down next to Joan and grabbing her arm tightly. 
Well… 
Joan was hesitant to share it with Jessica because a part of Caspian’s past was related to Nancy. 
No, I should let Caspian tell his own story to her. 
“You should ask him directly if you want to know. I don’t know too much about him, after all.” Joan shrugged. 
“Come on, Joan. Please tell me about it. Since I like you so much, just share it with me.” Tugging on Joan’s sleeves, Jessica gazed at the former with the most innocent-looking face she could muster. 
I almost can’t resist it when she acts cute like this! A moment later, Joan flashed Jessica a smile and gently shook her head in response. 
“What’s with you? Can’t you be more polite toward Joan?” said Caspian loudly as he suddenly came up to them. 
Urgh… He’s yelling at me again! The next moment, Jessica sprang up and walked over to him. 
“How dare you talk to me like that?” She glared at him. 
“Please spare me from embarrassment in front of Joan. Once she’s gone, you can punish me however you want, okay?” Caspian nudged her gently and pled. 
Fine! All men wish to preserve their dignity. Jessica relaxed and stop acting coldly.
“Alright, I’ve got to get going now. There’s a lot of work at home that I have to do.” Joan gave them an excuse to leave. 
She didn’t want to stay here any longer to be their third wheel. Besides, she knew that Caspian and Jessica were always acting lovey-dovey to each other whenever there was no one around. As such, she didn’t want to bother them too much. 
“Joan, wait for me! Let me drive you home!” As he spoke, Caspian started toward her. 
Feeling displeased, Jessica caught his necktie, forcing him to stop. 
“What are you doing? Let go of me. I have to drive Joan home,” Caspian said immediately. 
“There’s no need for you to drive Joan home,” she huffed. 
“Come now, stop messing around. I promised Larry to protect her.” 
“It’s fine. You guys just carry on. I’ll go home on my own. Don’t worry about me!” Standing some distance away, Joan raised her voice so that she could be heard. Jessica chuckled delightedly upon hearing that. 
“See, Joan doesn’t need you to drive her home,” Jessica said playfully. 
“You naughty woman!” Caspian pinched her face gently before planting a kiss on it. 
“Is everything fine?” Joan asked in a lowered voice in her room.
###Chapter 2442
Chapter 2442 
“Everything’s fine, but I still need more time to complete it,” Larry answered. 
“I see,” Joan replied. 
Larry could sense Joan’s sadness and helplessness over the phone, and he instantly felt guilty. 
“How are you today? Are you unhappy?” Larry asked directly. 
“Nope, I’m fine. By the way, I have some good news to share with you. Caspian and Jessica are dating! But they are keeping it as a secret for now,” Joan said excitedly. 
Hearing that, Larry was still as composed as ever. After all, he had guessed that Jessica would end up with Caspian sooner or later. 
“Do you miss me?” Larry blurted suddenly. 
Joan froze, not knowing what she ought to reply. 
Of course I miss him! I even dreamt about him when I was sleeping. Alas, he isn’t by my side now. 
“I do, but you have to finish your work first before coming home,” Joan replied hurriedly. 
Larry was greatly comforted by her answer, and his lips curled into a grin. She truly understands me! 
“Sure, I’ll be right back once I’ve finished everything,” Larry replied. 
They chatted for a little longer before ending the call. As Joan gazed at the crescent moon from the window, her mind wandered into deep thoughts. 
“Joan, let’s eat some fruits!” Delilah called out suddenly.
“Alright,” Joan replied. 
“Mom, what’s wrong? Are you feeling down? Do you miss Dad?” Lucius asked from the couch he was sitting on. 
Why does this kid know everything? Joan took the boy into her arms, tapped on his forehead lightly, and smiled. 
“You really know everything. Come and have some fruits.” She picked up a piece of apple and stuffed it into his mouth. 
“Well, I know a lot because I observe a lot of things. By the way, a boy in my class is fond of a girl. They always go home together after school…” Lucius said blandly. 
Joan and Delilah had the urge to laugh upon hearing it. 
My gosh, they’re just kids, and yet, they are in a relationship already? I guess the era has changed now, huh. 
“Well, what about you? Any girl caught your fancy?” Joan probed. 
“Me? Of course not! I aspire to be a scientist when I grow up! I don’t have the time to think about this kind of thing!” Lucius exclaimed as though he was worried that they wouldn’t believe him. 
The two adults were relieved to hear that. Although they believed that Lucius was a good student in school, that doesn’t mean that he wasn’t pestered by girls at school. 
“That being said, there is a girl who always plays with me, and she’s rather pretty…” Lucius hesitated. 
“Larry, when will you be back?” Caspian asked hurriedly over the phone.
Since it had been a long time, he was worried that something untoward would happen to Larry when he was abroad. Given that the situation abroad was way more complicated, Caspian understood that it wouldn’t be easy for Larry to solve the problems. 
“I still need some time,” Larry answered. 
Indeed, the problem turned out to be way more complex than what Larry had imagined. 
“Larry, you must tell me if you’re facing any trouble, okay? Joan and I are worried about you.” 
“Alright, I get it. I’ve got to get going now.” With that, Larry hung up the phone. 
In truth, Larry was a little anxious lately. He initially thought that he could solve all problems within several days. He never expected that the overseas manufacturer, Mr. Lancaster, had disappeared. Everyone said that he had escaped, but Larry didn’t believe the rumors. 
“Young man, you should go home. He’s not coming back,” an old man came up to Larry and persuaded him. 
“Since it has come to this, he would only be asking for punishment if he comes back,” he added.
###Chapter 2443
Chapter 2443 
Although what the elder man said made sense, Larry believed that Mr. Lancaster wasn’t an ungrateful man. 
Many days had passed, yet Larry still stayed in the hotel near Mr. Lancaster’s house to wait for his return. 
As for Mr. Lancaster, he had indeed gotten himself in a tragic situation. He was betrayed, not by an outsider but by his own brother. 
To be exact, he was framed by his own brother. Previously, Mr. Lancaster’s brother had tried many times to get rid of him so that the former could own the entire factory, but his plans had failed every time. It was only due to Mr. Lancaster letting down his guard that he fell for his brother’s trap this time. 
Naturally, Larry had no idea about the feud happening in Mr. Lancaster’s family and never had any information about his brother. As such, he had no choice but to wait for Mr. Lancaster to show up. Even if Larry were to take the initiative to find Mr. Lancaster’s brother, it would have been futile, for the man always hid behind the scenes. 
“Why are you still waiting here? I suggest that you stop waiting. Who knows, perhaps he has died long ago,” an old lady came up to him slowly and said. 
“Indeed. Since the situation is rather chaotic here, we sometimes don’t even know if someone is dead already. You should go back and stop wasting your time,” another old lady added. 
If he’s really dead, who will be in charge of everything in his company? Larry felt that something was off. 
“Since his business is still here, I don’t think he will die so easily,” Larry murmured to himself.
The two old ladies chuckled. 
“Young man, don’t you know that he has a brother? If he’s really dead, his brother will take over the company.” 
“She’s right. Who knows, maybe it was his brother who caused all this mess.” 
Instantly, Larry had his guard up upon hearing that. 
“Ma’am, can you tell me where his brother is now?” Larry immediately asked. 
“We have no idea because his brother rarely shows himself. However, whenever he does, he likes to make a grand entrance.” With that, the two old ladies left. 
As Larry watched their retreating figures, a thought suddenly flashed through his mind. He immediately took out his phone and made a call. 
“Hello, may I speak to…” 
“I’m sorry, our boss isn’t here.” The receptionist wanted to hang up as soon as she finished. 
“What about your boss’s brother, then?” Larry added. 
The receptionist was stunned for a moment. 
“I-I’m sorry, but I’m busy.” The receptionist hastily hung up. 
Judging from her tone, I’m sure his brother is in the company! 
Indeed, what Larry guessed was true. 
“Mr. Matthew, someone’s looking for you,” the receptionist ran hastily into the office and said.
“Who?” The man in the office asked. 
“I don’t know. He didn’t tell me his name.” 
“Okay, I got it. You may leave now,” he said, waving his hand. 
Meanwhile, Larry headed to their company without hesitation. 
“I want to meet your boss,” Larry said politely. 
“I’m sorry, sir. But you can’t enter without an appointment.” The receptionist stopped him. 
“Miss, please understand one thing. I am not your customer, and I came all the way from another country. I don’t need an appointment!” Larry was insistent on entering the office. 
“Sir, I’ll have to call the police if you insist,” the lady yelled. 
Does she think I’ll be scared off by her threat? What a joke? Since when have I been afraid of cops? 
“I told you, I am your company’s partner. Do you hear me?” 
Larry brushed her hand away and entered the office. 
Bang! The door to the office was flung open abruptly. The next moment, Larry walked into the room, emanating a ferocious aura. 
“Who are you? How dare you barge into my office like this?” the man in the office questioned. 
“I could ask you the same thing. Are you Mr. Lancaster’s brother?” Larry ignored the man’s question and got straight to the point.
“Young man, don’t be so hasty. Come and have some tea. I’ve just made it. I’m sure you’ll love it,” the man said calmly.
###Chapter 2444
Chapter 2444 
What’s he trying to do? Does he want to drag this on? I won’t fall for such tricks. 
“You can explain it to me now. Why exactly was the company losing so much money previously?” he asked. 
“They said something about the product being rejected. What’s that about? You have to understand that you guys are the source of my merchandise. If you run into any problems, we’ll suffer because of it too. I just need you to answer one question. Can we still cooperate or not?” shouted Larry. 
Although he had said a lot, his words all made sense. He was someone who took the company’s reputation very seriously. Thus, no matter what they did, they could not deceive the consumers. It was both a principle he lived by and his bottom line. 
“Mr. Norton, don’t panic. We can discuss anything. There’ll always be a solution to it,” the man replied as he poured himself some tea. 
“Then tell me, how do we resolve it?” Larry asked. 
It was clear to him then that the supposed younger brother of the boss that was right in front of him did not want to get involved in those matters. 
“That’s a very good question. So how do we solve it? Of course, it’s to let the person in charge handle it. You can go and look for whoever made you that promise. It’s that simple,” the man replied. 
“I haven’t been able to contact Mr. Lancaster recently, have you?” 
Ignoring Larry, the man sipped on his tea and closed his eyes as he savored it, looking as if he were enjoying himself.
“Sorry, Mr. Norton, I haven’t been able to contact my brother for a long time too. If I could, I wouldn’t be here in the office handling company matters now.” 
Hearing his words, Larry became speechless. 
Does this even count as “handling company matters?” That’s ridiculous! Larry snorted coldly. 
As he had expected, in the end, the matter did not get resolved in any way. Even as he exited the company and walked down the road, he kept contemplating the situation. 
Where exactly did the boss of that manufacturing company go to? Why’s there still no news after so long? He could not put his finger on it. Under normal circumstances, that man would usually notify him no matter what happened. However, he just disappeared for no reason this time. 
He felt slightly uneasy about it. 
“Get lost! How dare you eat here when you don’t have any money!” Not far away, a waiter was shouting at someone. 
By the door, a beggar dressed in rags was on the ground, looking embarrassed. 
“I want food. I’m hungry…” he held his hands together as he said weakly. 
“You’re hungry? Go somewhere else to beg!” replied the waiter as he began to hit and kick the beggar. 
“Stop it!” Larry shouted, his tone bitter. 
He looked down the most on those who bullied the weak just because they were stronger. 
“What would you like to eat, sir? You can order inside,” the waiter immediately said, smiling as he bowed.
What a fraud! He was so vicious just moments ago, but he’s now acting like a bootlicker. 
“Are you okay, sir?” Larry said as he hurriedly helped the beggar to his feet. 
However, the old man did not dare look up at him, and his body was even trembling a little. 
“Prepare a room for me,” he turned around and said loudly to the waiter. 
Then, as he helped the man in, he said, “Come. I’ll treat you to a meal. Don’t worry. They won’t hit you again.” 
However, the old man did not have any intention to enter. 
“Thank you, young man,” he said, preparing to run off. 
Why’s his voice so familiar? He looked at the man’s face doubtfully. 
Isn’t he… 
As soon as he realized who the man was, Larry was taken aback. 
“Mr. Lancaster, let’s talk inside. Don’t worry. I won’t tell anyone,” he promised. 
The man then raised his head to look at Larry as tears welled up in his eyes. 
He had never expected that the person who would eventually come to help him was not his family or relatives. Instead, it was just one of his business partners. 
“Thank you, Mr. Norton,” he replied, touched.
###Chapter 2445
Chapter 2445 
In the private room of the restaurant, the two men sat beside each other in silence. The server was shocked when he was met with that scene and wanted to say something but decided not to after considering it for a while. 
“What’s going on? Why’s there a beggar in there?” 
“Who knows? Anyway, I think they’re both not as simple as they seem.” 
“Really? Although it is strange how such a handsome man got to know a beggar.” 
Several servers were discussing the situation in a corner outside the room, whispering to one another with complex expressions on their faces. 
“You’re hungry, right? Please eat up. We can order more if there’s not enough,” Larry said. 
Looking at the table full of dishes, the other man swallowed, seemingly very excited. 
“Thank you, Mr. Norton. I’ll start eating then.” Subsequently, he dug into his meal. 
What exactly did he go through? Why has he suddenly become like this? He looks so dirty and helpless. In the past, he was always someone highly respected and would always keep his word. What happened to him? Lost in his thoughts, Larry looked curiously at the man in front of him. 
A long time later, the dishes on the table had become mostly empty. The man held his belly as he leaned back on the chair, looking comfortable and satisfied. 
“Are you full? Otherwise, I can…”
“No, Mr. Norton, I’ve had enough. Thank you for this. You’re the most righteous friend I’ve ever made in this lifetime,” the man replied in a low voice. 
“So, what exactly happened? Why aren’t you in the company? Shouldn’t you be in the office trying to deal with the recent accidents?” Larry asked, puzzled. 
The man’s eyes instantly dulled. In reality, kinship was the most heartwarming thing in the world but was also the most hurtful. 
I’d once regarded my brother as my only family in the world. However, he betrayed me and even wanted to kill me. I was so stupid! I’d forgiven whatever he previously did to me so many times. But this time, I can’t tolerate it anymore! 
“I was set up by Matthew. He’s actually my biological brother but tried to kill me because he wanted my company. That’s why I disappeared for a long time,” Malcolm explained. 
He’s really a wolf in sheep’s clothing! Larry clenched his fist as a fierce look flashed across his eyes. 
“Now what? What do you plan to do?” he asked. 
“I have to go back, of course. I need to take back whatever’s mine!” Malcolm replied loudly. 
Good! I trusted a good man! Larry broke into a satisfied smile before he suddenly said, “I can help you.” 
Help me? I’m just one of your overseas business partners. Malcolm glanced at him for a moment but did not speak. 
“If you trust me, Mr. Lancaster, you can tell me what you plan to do next. I’ll do it for you,” Larry said. 
Thereafter, the two men had a long conversation about Malcolm’s plans, at the end of which they came to a decision.
“Okay, let’s do that first. Rest assured, Mr. Lancaster, if it’s meant to be yours, no one can take it away from you. If it’s not, it never will be,” said Larry lightly. 
He’s right; the company’s something I singlehandedly created by myself after all! Malcolm’s gaze instantly became firm with determination. 
“Do you have somewhere to stay?” Larry asked. 
“No, but I can just sleep on the streets. Don’t worry. My body can handle it.” 
“No way. I’ll book a room for you. Aren’t you afraid that Mr. Matthew will find you if you sleep on the streets?” he purposely reminded the man. 
After pondering for a long time, Malcolm eventually followed Larry back to the hotel he was staying at. 
“If you need anything, give me a call. I can help you find a solution.” Instantly, Malcolm was touched by his words. 
“Thank you.” I didn’t think that Mr. Matthew was this vicious! He even dares to do this to his own brother! Larry shook his head and sighed.
###Chapter 2446
Chapter 2446 
Many weird things were going on that year. 
Back at home, Joan and the others were living very peacefully and happily. There were not many worries or disturbances in their lives. 
“Help me put this pot over there,” said Delilah as she pointed to an open space not too far away. 
“Sure,” Joan replied. 
“Bad mood? Give Larry a call then!” Delilah purposely said. 
“He’s really busy.” 
“Is his work more important, or his woman?” Delilah asked. 
At that time, Larry was having a conversation with Malcolm. “What do you plan to do, Mr. Lancaster?” asked Larry. 
I don’t believe that guy will just stop here. 
“I need time. I have to wait. There’re some of my people on the board of directors. They’re all my good friends and won’t compromise with him easily. But what I’m worried about most is that they’ll think I’m dead since I can’t appear in front of them right now,” said Malcolm. 
He was willing to be honest as he trusted Larry to some extent. After all, Larry had provided him help when he was at his lowest point, proving that he was a good man. 
“Okay, what do you need me to do?” Larry asked.
Malcolm looked at the man with a gaze full of gratitude. 
“Mr. Norton, I’ll have to trouble you during this period of time then. I’ve already sent my family overseas, so I don’t have to worry about anything else now. I need some people to help me investigate the truth. Only when it comes to light can I openly go back to my company.” 
Larry understood Malcolm’s words very well. 
Everyone had their times of trouble and had times when they were wronged. Naturally, he would not harm the man when he was already at a bad stage of his life. Furthermore, he believed that Malcolm would be able to return to his company. 
“Why don’t you help me investigate this one guy,” Malcolm said, handing a photo over to Larry. Just like that, the two began their investigations in the hotel room. 
“But you have to be careful. These people are cunning. If they notice anything, they won’t let you off that easily,” said Malcolm. 
“Sure, no problem,” replied Larry as he walked to the window, squinting into the distance. 
Joan, you have to wait for me! Larry’s affectionate thoughts were mixed with some sadness. 
Naturally, Malcolm noticed it. “Is something bothering you?” he suddenly asked. 
“I’m fine,” replied Larry as he turned around and smiled. 
The only thing he was troubled about was Joan. He had promised her that he would return as soon as possible but had not expected that he would meet with such a situation. 
As the days passed, Larry was still busy investigating overseas while Joan looked forward to reuniting with him back at home.
“Mom, when’s Dad coming back?” asked Lucius as he snuggled in Joan’s arms. When she raised her head at his question, there was a helpless expression on her face. 
She herself did not know when he would be back. She missed him a lot. 
“Be good. Dad’s very busy now. When he’s done with his work, he’ll come back to spend time with you, okay?” she replied gently as she kissed him on the forehead. 
For some reason, without Larry around, she always felt like something was missing in the house. 
Is it about time I agree to remarry him? There was a flicker of expectation in her eyes. 
Suddenly, Lucius raised his head and asked seriously, “Mom, did you and Dad get a divorce?” 
Instantly, Joan was flustered. 
How did he know? We clearly kept it a secret! She stared at the child in her arms, surprised. 
“Why did you suddenly ask about this?” she replied, acting as if it was such an unbelievable thing to ask. 
“Because when I cleaned your room the other day, I saw the divorce papers,” he replied with a hint of sadness in his gaze. 
Oh my god, why was I so careless! He actually discovered such an important document!
###Chapter 2447
Chapter 2447 
At that moment, Joan did not know how to reply. She wanted to tell Lucius that there was a possibility of them remarrying, and that possibility was huge. After all, the divorce back then was all an accident. However, she was afraid that once she said those words, her child would think that marriage was just a game. 
“It’s okay, Mom. You don’t need to keep it from me. I’ve grown up. I understand.” 
She ran her fingers through his hair, feeling somewhat guilty in her heart. 
She longed to tell him that no matter what, they would always love him. However, at that moment, she did not have the courage to say such a thing. 
“What are the two of you doing?” asked Delilah suddenly as she walked into the room. 
“Hey,” greeted Joan. 
“Hi Grandma,” said Lucius. 
“Look, I got this for you, Lucius. Does it smell good?” asked Delilah as she took out a box of baked chicken wings. 
“Wow, it smells so good! You’re the best, Grandma!” he shouted happily. 
“Come on, what are you saying? Are you saying that I was bad last time?” she deliberately replied. 
Upon watching that scene, Joan smiled slightly. 
If only Larry were here too. She gazed at the dark sky outside, feeling somewhat sorrowful.
“What are you doing, Joan? Come and eat. Stop thinking about your husband. He’s a grown man that went overseas. What could happen to him? Just take good care of yourself first!” said Delilah. 
Hearing her words, Lucius giggled. 
“Grandma, does this mean that Mom and Dad still have a chance of getting back together?” he asked. 
His question startled Delilah. 
He knew about it? She gave Joan a questioning look but only got a silent nod in reply. 
“You little brat. How do you know about everything? Don’t worry, Dad and Mom will definitely still be together in the end,” said Delilah as she gently stroked his hair while smiling. 
Instantly, there was an excited look on Lucius’ face, and his mood improved greatly. 
Knock, knock, knock! The knocks on the door were quick and urgent. The three people in the dining room looked at one another questioningly with complicated expressions on their faces. 
Who’d come here this late? Joan slowly exited the dining room before Delilah suddenly spoke. “Joan! Take Lucius back to the room. I’ll get the door.” 
She was afraid that someone was there to purposely make things difficult for Joan. Although Joan hesitated, she eventually agreed and took Lucius back to the room. 
“Who is it?” Delilah asked. The knocks became more intense, but there was no reply from outside. 
“Who are you? If you don’t say anything, I won’t open the door!” she shouted. 
Meanwhile, in the room, Lucius asked, “Mom, why do we have to hide?”
However, Joan was speechless at his question, for she could not tell him that it was just for precaution. She understood very clearly that many people wanted to confront her. 
“Be good, Lucius. You’ll understand next time,” she replied in a low voice. 
“It’s me!” From outside the door, Gabriella shouted coldly. 
Delilah was relieved when she heard the familiar voice but was still confused. Why does her voice sound so cold? Is she here to cause trouble? But she’d already lost her memories, so probably not. 
Delilah shook her head, attempting to clear her thoughts before opening the door. 
“Joan!” shouted Gabriella as she immediately rushed in. 
“Ms. Ward, why are you here so late?” asked Delilah hurriedly. Judging by her attitude, Gabriella was not up to anything good. 
“Where’s Joan? Where did she go?” Gabriella shouted coldly. 
Delilah shot her a suspicious look. She was fine previously, so why does she seem like a different person now? Also, who provoked her? Was it Joan? No, that’s impossible. Joan’s so gentle and kind, and she’d hoped that she would never have to meet this woman ever again. She can’t be the one who provoked Gabriella.
###Chapter 2448
Chapter 2448 
“Ms. Ward, it’s too late tonight. You’d better come back tomorrow!” Delilah said, purposely avoiding her question. 
“I asked you where’s Joan. Are you deaf? Answer my question!” Gabriella shouted in reply. 
As soon as she said that, Delilah got annoyed. Although she was treating Gabriella very politely, that woman had started to scream and shout as soon as she arrived. 
“Are you done, Gabriella? This is my house. Please get out. Now!” Delilah shouted back. 
Shocked by the expected scolding, Gabriella unconsciously stepped backward. 
How dare she raise her voice at me! Then, pretending to be calm, she slowly walked toward Delilah. 
“Ms. Young, you’d better hand Joan over to me tonight. Otherwise, I won’t leave,” she said as she headed over to sit on the sofa, acting as if she had every right to. 
She’s crazy! I can’t believe she dares to do this. Delilah rubbed her hands together in nervousness as she replied, “Joan isn’t here. You should go.” As if. 
Gabriella then looked at Delilah and sneered. This old woman’s actually trying to lie to me? How laughable. 
“Tell me then. Where is she?” Gabriella asked deliberately. 
“I don’t know either. Anyway, she’s not here. She probably went abroad with Larry.” 
Hearing her answer, Gabriella clenched her fists as she stared at Delilah with a bitter gaze.
“Don’t lie to me, Ms. Young. She must be here! Larry went abroad to handle company matters. Why on earth would she go there?” said Gabriella cockily. 
However, as she studied her surroundings, Gabriella did not find anything amiss. Resultantly, she was somewhat upset. 
She had originally planned to go over, take Joan away, then deal with her. However, it seemed as though Joan had long run away. 
“Anything else? I need to rest. Please leave,” said Delilah hurriedly. 
She did not want to waste her time talking to Gabriella any longer. 
“Look, it’s already so late, so it won’t be safe for me to go back alone. Why don’t I stay here for tonight and go back tomorrow?” 
However, Delilah did not care about whatever she was saying and directly dragged her outside. 
“Leave, now! We don’t welcome you here!” she shouted as she grabbed Gabriella’s elbow, pulling her toward the door. 
“What are you trying to do!” shouted Gabriella. 
The two women pulled back and forth in this manner, their respective auras fierce as they continued to argue. 
“I’m only here for Joan. Don’t take it too far!” Gabriella shouted. 
“Exactly who’s the one taking things too far? This is my house. Whatever I say, counts!”
Back in the room, Lucius had been listening to whatever was happening outside. He looked at Joan in shock and fear. 
“Be good, Lucius. Listen to me. Just stay in the room, okay? Don’t go out until I come back for you,” said Joan gently as she patted him on the shoulder. 
“Okay, Mom. I will,” he replied, nodding firmly in resolution. 
What a good boy. Then, she sighed and stood up slowly, tidying her clothes before she left the room. 
Bam! As soon as the room door slammed shut, the living room was instantly silent. 
Looking at Joan, who had appeared out of nowhere, a wicked smile appeared on Gabriella’s face. 
“You’re finally out. I’d thought you were really like that b*stard who only knows how to hide forever,” she said, her expression full of disdain. 
“Why are you looking for me?” Joan asked straightforwardly. 
Delilah walked over to Joan and asked dissatisfiedly, “Why did you come out?”
###Chapter 2449
Chapter 2449 
She had to come out to the living room. Otherwise, Delilah might be in danger if she were to leave her alone with Gabriella. 
Sitting on the couch, Gabriella had her legs crossed and looked at her disdainfully. “So tell me, why do you want to get close to Larry? When did you get together with him?” 
Joan had long anticipated this situation ever since the day she knew that Gabriella had memory loss. 
By the time she starts to recover bits of her memory, she’ll still be the crazy, stubborn woman she had been during our first encounter. And later, history will repeat itself. She’ll harm me deliberately and make my life difficult, just like what she had done to me previously. No matter how long she suffers from amnesia, her personality remains as it is. 
“Gabriella, I see you’ve remembered the past. Since you’ve asked, I’ll tell you the answer then. I’ve always loved Larry, and he also loves me as well,” Joan responded. 
After hearing her reply, Gabriella stood up, getting even more furious. This damned woman! How dare she snatches my man away! 
The glass of water on the coffee table was then thrown to the ground, smashing into pieces. 
Delilah was taken aback for a brief moment before walking towards her with a stern gaze. 
“Gabriella, what on earth do you think you’re doing?” she reprimanded loudly. 
“I’m not doing anything. I’m just unhappy. Why are you getting all riled up? It’s just a cheap glass anyway,” Gabriella taunted.
What an ill-mannered madwoman! 
Delilah could no longer stand her attitude. “You! Get out of my house now! Get out!” 
“Ms. Young, you’d better calm down. Otherwise, this village might not belong to you guys anymore,” Gabriella goaded, picking on her fingers nonchalantly. 
Delilah immediately fell silent as her brows furrowed deeply. She knew that with the wealth of the Ward family, they could buy the village in a snap of a finger. 
“I’ve answered your question, Gabriella. What else do you want to know?” Joan chimed in. 
Upon hearing her voice, Gabriella turned towards her and narrowed her eyes. “Joan, tell me the reason why you can be so shameless to the point that you would steal someone else’s boyfriend?” 
Her question took Joan by surprise, but she quickly composed herself and refused to answer her. 
Since when did I steal her boyfriend? All these years, Larry has never ever said that Gabriella is his girlfriend. 
Seeing that Joan was not answering, she continued, “Was it fun to be the one who breaks us up?” 
“Gabriella, you’ve crossed the line.” Joan had had enough of her. 
Before this, Delilah treated her nicely because she wanted the two of them to solve the problem peacefully. However, there was no point in doing that now that she had known that Gabriella was just an ingrate who was concerned only with her own welfare and interests without regard for others. 
Gabriella let out a scoff. “I’ve crossed the line? Why don’t you say that to yourself? Joan, did I ever do anything wrong to you? Why do you have to snatch my man from me?”
What a ludicrous joke. ”Gabriella, let’s get one thing perfectly clear. Larry and I have been married for many years. The reason why you’re so worked up now is that you’ve just recovered part of your memory!” Joan raised her voice. 
Gabriella shuddered at the mention of her amnesia. 
Indeed, I’ve lost my memory not long ago. Had I already been aware of the fact that they’ve gotten together in the past? But that’s impossible. I’m the one Larry loves! 
With that thought in mind, her denial quickly morphed into anger, and she lashed out, “Joan Watts! I don’t care! What I know is that Larry has never loved you, and I’m the one he loves!” 
Joan stared at her incredulously. This woman has gone bonkers! For a few times, Larry had told her that he did not have any feelings for her, but she had totally misinterpreted his words. 
“If it weren’t for you, I’d have married him a long time ago! It’s all because of you. Joan, even my memory loss was caused by you!” As Gabriella spoke, she grabbed a fruit knife from the table at the side and pointed it at Joan. 
When Delilah saw her picking up the knife, she immediately tried to calm her down, “Ms. Ward, calm down. It’s not what you think. Relax. Put down the knife, okay?” 
Instantly, the tension in the living room was so thick that one could cut it with a knife. This scene was all too familiar to Joan. She gave her a cold smirk and looked at Gabriella indifferently.
###Chapter 2450
Chapter 2450 
“Gabriella, do you remember how you lost your baby? That day, just like in this very second, you took a knife and stabbed it right into your stomach. Later, you used your miscarriage to frame me when in fact, it was you who killed your own child!” Joan yelled. 
What a cruel woman. She could even sacrifice an unborn child for her own benefit. 
After a few seconds, it eventually sank in, and Gabriella’s hands started to shake uncontrollably. Her memories of that day came back to her like a flood, overwhelming her. Yes, I was the one who ended my baby’s life. It was me. 
“My baby!” Defeated, she staggered and slumped onto the floor as tears began to well up in her eyes. 
Phew, she finally regrets her inhumane doing. Taking a deep breath, Joan tried to calm herself down. 
“My baby is gone. It’s all my fault. My baby,” Gabriella bellowed in agony. 
After a while, she sprang up to her feet all of a sudden and glared furiously at Joan, who was standing not far away from her, roaring, “No! It’s because of Joan! It’s her fault!” 
Sensing the danger, Joan immediately kept her guard up and mentally prepared herself for an attack from Gabriella, who had gone insane. 
“Joan! You pathetic b*tch! My baby wouldn’t die if it weren’t for you. This is all your fault!” The next second, Gabriella charged towards her with the knife in her hand. 
When the blade was about to sink into Joan’s body, her body suddenly went limp and fell to the ground. Thud!
Standing behind her, Delilah was holding a flowerpot in her trembling hands. When she saw Gabriella lying on the floor motionlessly, her eyes were filled with terror instantly, and she started to hyperventilate. 
“Ms. Young?” Joan called gently, trying to snap her out of her trance. 
Upon hearing her, Delilah jolted and looked at Joan helplessly. “Huh? I… S-She isn’t dead, is she?” 
Joan rubbed Delilah’s back soothingly for a moment before squatting down to check Gabriella’s breath under her nose. Fortunately, she was still breathing. 
“Don’t worry, Ms. Young. She’s okay,” Joan said reassuringly. 
Just then, Lucius came out of his room and ran towards them. “Mom! What happened? Why is she on the floor?” 
“Come here, Lucius. Go back to your room and let mommy settle this first, alright?” Smiling at him, Joan held his hand and brought him into the room again. Then, she immediately fished out her phone to dial the emergency number. 
An hour later, Gabriella lay on the hospital bed with her eyes closed. The nurse had put her on an intravenous drip, and she was looking rather frail. Joan sat on the couch at the side with her eyes pinned on her, afraid that she would miss the slightest twitch. 
Thank God she’s not heavily injured. Otherwise, Ms. Young would have to go to jail. Joan heaved a sigh of relief, feeling exhausted. 
A moment later, a doctor came into the room. She walked over to him hurriedly and asked, “Doctor, how’s her condition?”
“Nothing too serious. Luckily, it was not the temples. If not, she would be in great danger.” Then, he continued, “Don’t worry. She can be discharged after a few days. Just don’t her do anything reckless again and keep her safe. Her amnesia from her previous head injury hasn’t completely recovered yet. Therefore, if she suffers from a traumatic brain injury again, there’s a chance she might not be able to regain her lost memories permanently.” 
With that, the doctor turned and left. 
Well, I do hope that this woman would never be able to remember anything from the past. How good it is if she no longer throws tantrums and makes everyone’s life difficult. 
After a long while, Gabriella stirred in her sleep and mumbled, “Larry…” 
Who? Larry? Curious, Joan stepped closer to the bed and listened in. 
Even now, she’s still thinking about Larry. Tsk tsk! What a foolish woman. Joan shook her head wryly. 
“Larry!” Gabriella suddenly woke up and sat bolt upright, terrified by her dream. 
“Gabriella, are you okay? Do you want some water?” Joan queried tentatively, afraid that she might take Gabriella by surprise. 
“Joan? Why are you here? B*tch, you’ve taken Larry away from me, and now you even want to harm me in the hospital?” Gabriella hollered. 
Am I really that evil? She looks at me as if I’m a witch. Joan shot her a dirty look and said nothing.
###Chapter 2451
Chapter 2451 
“Are you mute? Explain yourself! Why do you want to be with Larry? Why do you want to snatch him away from me?” Gabriella started to sob as she spoke. 
There’s no special reason. It’s just because of love. Besides, Larry and I have a consensual relationship. I didn’t force him to be with me. 
With Gabriella’s temperament, Joan did not see the point in talking any further. Hence, she decided not to continue the conversation and leave her alone. “Gabriella, you should have a rest. I’ll be going now.” After saying this, Joan turned to leave. 
Women are the most terrifying creatures in the world; they allow emotion to overrule logic. 
As she saw her leaving, Gabriella shot out of her bed and held onto Joan’s arm with a death grip, not allowing her to go. “Joan, don’t go! Stop right there! You still owe me an explanation!” 
Why did she become like this after getting knocked on the head? Joan thought to herself as she stared at her curiously, sighing. 
Left with no choice, she told her straightforwardly, “Gabriella, what exactly do you want? I’ve explained everything to you. Larry and I are truly in love with each other. And you’re just a friend to him.” 
How many times do I have to say this before she can finally understand? Love can’t be forced. Everything is now set in stone. What is the point of dwelling over something that couldn’t be undone? Can’t she just live a peaceful life with everybody? 
With crocodile tears falling down her cheeks, Gabriella screamed, “Joan, I’ve always treated you like a sister. Why are you doing this to me?”
What a joke! Is she not afraid that karma would come after her when she said that? Treat me like a sister, huh? She tried to kill me and harm me countless times. Is that the correct way to treat a sister? How ridiculous. 
“Okay, I understand. I still have other things to attend to, so I need to get going. Have a good rest here. Your maids will come here to take care of you soon.” Turning her back to her, Joan rolled her eyes in disdain and walked to the door. 
This b*tch! Gabriella clenched her fists tightly as her gaze turned cold. 
“Joan!” she screamed, taking a vase from the cardiac table and threw it at the back of Joan’s head. 
The moment it struck her, the vase broke into pieces, and she collapsed to the ground. 
This is my revenge! Gabriella glowered at the woman lying on the floor, eyes full of hatred. 
“Ouch…” Sprawled on the floor, Joan clutched her head and wailed in pain. 
Seeing her reaction, Gabriella curled her lips and roared, “How was it? Does it hurt? When Ms. Young hit me in the head, it was also painful for me!” 
An eye for an eye! She’s ruthless! Joan staggered to her feet and dusted off her clothes. Feeling dizzy, she rubbed her temples in an attempt to clear her mind. However, she suddenly felt warm liquid trickling down the back of her head. 
Am I bleeding? Worried, she touched the sore area where the vase hit and inevitably saw blood. 
Just then, a nurse came in and immediately helped her up. “Miss, are you alright? Come, let me bandage your wound.”
The nurse then brought her to the treatment room and dressed her wound. “What happened? Your head is bleeding. Luckily, this is a hospital. Otherwise, you might develop complications if the wound is not taken care of promptly.” 
“Thanks,” Joan said in a soft voice. 
Facing the nurse, she did not know what to say except “thank you.” Do I really need to tell her that Gabriella hit her with a vase? Huh, whatever. I’ll just let her be. 
After a few minutes, the nurse cleared her equipment and smiled. “Alright, you’re done. Be careful, don’t hurt your head again. Don’t worry about it. You’ll be fine after a few days.” 
“Nurse, when can I take this off?” Joan asked, pointing at the bandage on her head. 
“Haha. You definitely can’t remove it now. Hmm, it needs to stay there for about a week. For the time being, don’t do any vigorous exercise and rest well.” The nurse gave her a smile and walked away.
###Chapter 2452
Chapter 2452 
A week is too long! Larry will be back by then. If he knows about what Gabriella did to me, he won’t let the matter slide. Hmm, whatever. Everything will work itself out. I’ll brush him off with an excuse when he asks. 
Looking at herself in the mirror, she touched her head and chuckled. Luckily, my IQ didn’t drop. After collecting herself, she stood up and left the hospital light-footed. 
As soon as she entered the house, Delilah came rushing to her and pulled her to the sofa, exclaiming, “Oh my goodness! Joan, what have you done to yourself? What happened to your head? Tell me.” 
“I’m okay. It’s just a minor wound. Not a big deal. See, I’m still hale and healthy.” Joan laughed, trying to ease her worry. 
Having expected Delilah’s reaction, she was not surprised to see her making a fuss out of it. 
“How is this not a big deal? Joan, are you out of your mind? It’s your brain that got hurt, not your limbs. It’s serious! So, how did you get this? Is it Gabriella? Did she hurt you?” Delilah raised her voice. 
Seeing her getting agitated, Joan hesitated for a moment before she finally yielded and told her the truth. She no longer wanted to have any involvement with Gabriella, so naturally, she did not want Delilah to go and confront that madwoman. 
After she finished explaining the happening, she held Delilah’s hands and said earnestly, “Ms. Young, no matter what happens, I hope that we wouldn’t have any contact with Gabriella anymore. It doesn’t matter who was the one who hurt me. Please don’t pursue the matter further. Let’s live peacefully like this, okay?”
The sincere look in her eyes, the horrible injury on her head, and her wounded soul touched Delilah’s heart. 
She has always been a good girl. Since she has made up her mind, what else can I say? Delilah opened up her arms and gave her a big hug, wanting to give her some warmth and comfort. 
“Mom!” Lucius shouted out of the blue, running over to Joan’s side. 
When he saw the bandage on her head, he frowned and stood on tiptoe to touch her head. “What happened? Mom, why are you hurt? Who did this to you? I’m going to find that person!” 
Amused, Joan and Delilah laughed heartily at his words. 
He’s really grown up. How time flies. He even knows how to protect me now. 
Joan stroked his hair lovingly and answered, “It’s okay, Lucius. I accidentally tripped and fell. Don’t worry about it.” 
“Really? Mom, don’t lie to me, okay? If not, I won’t share with you the candies Dad buys for me next time.” He feigned sternness. 
What an innocent, humorous boy! 
Joan chuckled and changed the subject deliberately, “Okay. Lucius, what would you like to eat for dinner? I’ll cook it for you later.” 
“Hmm, let me think. Okay, I want to eat baked ribs.” 
Joan nodded with a smile and went to the kitchen to prepare the meal. 
The next day, in the office, Caspian began pacing in the office before mustering up his courage to ask Jessica out for a date. He went into her office and asked with a glimmer of expectation in his eyes,
“Jessica, do you want to grab lunch together?” 
“No,” she refused without a moment of hesitation. 
Huh, why did she reject me so curtly? Caspian inched closer to her and scrutinized every inch of her facial expression, trying to figure what was on her mind. 
“What are you doing? Can’t you see that I’m busy?” Jessica grumbled, typing away on her keyboard. 
Caspian furrowed his brows in displeasure. “I know you’re busy, but you have to eat.” 
“I’m not free. You can go and eat first.” 
Why is this woman so insensitive? For Pete’s sake, I just want to ask her out to give her a surprise! 
Caspian took a deep breath and continued to ask patiently, “Then, when would you be done?” 
However, she waved her hand at him, slightly annoyed. “It’s okay. Don’t mind me. I still have a lot to do. Be good and have your lunch.” 
Is she finding me irritable? Dejected, Caspian said no more and left her office. 
Upon seeing the crestfallen look on his face, out of concern, Joan asked, “What happened with both of you?” 
“Joan, are you sure Jessica is a female? All women hope that their boyfriends would give them some romantic surprises once in a while, but she rejected me again and again.” Caspian crossed his arm, exasperated.
###Chapter 2453
Chapter 2453 
Indeed, Jessica was over-occupied in recent days; thus, she had been neglecting Caspian lately. Apparently, Caspian could no longer stand it and started to blow off on her. 
“That’s enough. You know better than me what kind of woman Jessica is. She expressed clearly when she agreed to be your girlfriend that her focus would be on her career. And you promised that you would help her with that. Now, how will you be able to help her with all these negative emotions?” Joan cut him with a frown. 
Since you have known everything about her, you should accept them. Isn’t this what love is all about? To tolerate each other and try to be in the other’s shoes. That’s the only way to build a stable relationship, and both of you can get along better. If I behave like you, without a doubt, I would have long broken up with Larry. 
“Even though that’s true, I still wish we could have a little quality time together.” Caspian looked utterly dispirited. 
“Hahaha!” Joan failed to suppress her laughter. 
Since when did you become such a clingy man? You used to be tough and masculine, without a single sense of romance. But look at you now. I bet you must have fallen for her deeply. 
“Wait and see. I’m sure she will come to find you as soon as she finishes her work.” Joan patted his shoulder while trying to comfort him. 
Nonetheless, sometimes a man could behave like a kid. Actually, there is no harm to coax in front of the woman he loves occasionally. In fact, women dig that. Right at that moment, Joan suddenly thought of Larry. It’s been so long since he came to find me. He must be worn out at work.
“Joan, when you started dating with Larry, was it like this too?” Caspian stared at her earnestly, anticipating her answer. 
Surely, all relationships will sail through tribulations and difficulties. Sometimes they come from people around us, while sometimes, they come from within the couple. Nevertheless, the secret is to keep an easy mind. 
“Of course. Larry and I have been through a lot. He has a successful career, and he is always busy. But I understand that, plus he tried his best to take care of my feelings,” Joan responded honestly. 
Realization instantly hit Caspian. It seemed that I have been overthinking. In other words, I have been selfish. Even though Jessica is not exactly a workaholic, she is a woman with ambition. I should be caring for her and protecting her instead of creating unnecessary troubles that distract her. 
“Okay, I think I got it. Thanks, Joan.” Upon saying that, he rushed out. 
What a cute man! Joan’s lips curled into a contented smile as she stared at Caspian’s back figure vanishing into the air. 
Just then, her phone rang beside her. She immediately picked it up and turned to speaker mode. 
“How are you?” A man’s voice echoed from the phone. 
A simple three-word phrase was sufficient to warm her heart to the fullest. 
“Yup, everything’s fine. How about you?” Joan asked caringly. 
“I’m fine. But I am swamped these few days, so I can’t go back yet…” Larry said hesitatingly. 
“Don’t worry. I understand. You just go on and focus on your work. Everything’s great at home.”
Larry let out a sigh of relief after hearing Joan’s lovely voice. 
Joan was fully aware of the current incidents within Norton Corporation, so she refused to give Larry any extra burden. If it were before, she would seek Larry’s opinion in almost every decision around the house. But now, she tried to reduce Larry’s worries as much as she could. 
The two of them continued to exchange a few words before they hung up. 
Joan lifted her head and stared at the cotton-gauze-shaped clouds in the sky, while her face displayed a faint smile. 
After all that she had gone through, she came to realize that a peaceful though dull life was indeed the best life. It was indeed a blessing without having to worry about sudden ups and downs in life. 
“Joan!” To her surprise, a familiar male voice emerged from behind. 
A chill went up her spine and she hesitated to turn her face towards him. How she wished she could ignore him and leave just like that. But the second she lifted her foot, that man appeared in front of her and blocked her way.
###Chapter 2454
Chapter 2454 
“What a coincidence.” She had no choice but to greet him. 
Caiden was gazing at her with a complicated expression. “Long time no see.” 
All his deep yearning for Joan was perfectly expressed with these four words. 
Joan was slightly startled by his gesture but immediately resumed her calm and let out an awkward smile. 
“Long time no see,” she replied faintly. 
“I didn’t expect to run into you here. Let’s dine together,” Caiden continued to speak. 
Forget it. I should keep my distance from him. I won’t want to put my peaceful life at risk! 
“I’m sorry, but I need to get home.” She gave a quick reply. 
“Joan, are you avoiding me?” He did not seem to let her go easily. 
Joan lifted her head slowly to observe him while thinking in her heart. He’s changed. 
He was wearing a black suit and leather shoes, along with his elegant hairstyle, making him look like a domineering businessman. He is no longer that kid who liked to fool around and was arrogant at times. Joan felt somehow gratified in her heart. 
“Nope. Why would I?” Joan flashed him a smile. 
“Joan, I’m sorry about what my Dad did to you. I was totally in blind. If I knew…” 
“Caiden, it was all history now, isn’t it?” Joan interrupted him abruptly.
She’s right. It’s all history now. But what about them? Are they history too? No way! Caiden had never stopped thinking about her all this while. 
“So… can we still be friends then?” A few seconds later, Caiden spat out an unexpected question. 
For a moment, Joan was lost for words. If it is just friends, why not! 
“Of course. We’ve always been friends.” After some thoughts, she gave a steady response. 
“Great. As a friend, I would like to treat you to dinner. Would that be okay?” 
He sounded utterly determined and sincere, with a sense of begging within his tone. 
“Let’s go then.” Eventually, she gave in to his invitation. 
However, unbeknownst to Caiden, someone had been spying on him all these times, monitoring all his actions and his private life. 
“How are you nowadays? Your life must be a lot more peaceful without me, right?” In the restaurant, Caiden was the one who initiated the conversation. 
“Yup. I’ve saved lots of worries without you around,” Joan purposely responded. 
With that, the previous awkwardness between them faded while they started to chat like good old friends. 
Meanwhile, a mysterious figure hid in a corner while taking endless photos, trying his best to capture their meeting. 
“I heard that Larry went overseas,” Caiden spoke while sipping on his coffee. 
“Yeah. He’s busy recently,” Joan responded without much thought.
“It seems like he really loves you.” 
Why does he say so out of a sudden? Joan lifted her head and stared at him with a puzzled look. 
“You must have known that he terminated all the deals with my family because of you, right?” 
At that instant, Joan was dumbstruck by his statement. 
She did guess of that before, but Larry assured her that he did so out of the consideration of the company’s long-term future. Thus, she did not further suspect after that. 
“Is that so?” She asked with an awkward smile. 
Caiden could fully comprehend Larry’s reason behind that particular decision. After all, no one would want to bear the risk of his loved one getting hurt. This was the exact reason Caiden gave up on Joan back then. 
“Let’s not talk about this. Who knows, there might still be a chance for us to partner in the future?” Caiden said. 
Despite what happened, he still believed that one day Larry would come to know his true personality. Right at the moment, there was somewhat anticipation shining on his expression. 
“Mr. Owens, these are the photos for you.” A man in the cap handed over a sealed envelope to Caiden’s father in the living room. 
Keith opened up the envelope and scanned through every one of them.
###Chapter 2455
Chapter 2455 
Bang! Out of a sudden, those photos were slammed onto the floor. 
Joan the sl*t! Why does she still cling on to Caiden? And also Caiden, why must he still hang out with her? Keith rose slowly from his seat and wandered towards the balcony. His gaze darkened as he stared into the distance. 
“Keith, what’s going on? What are you mad at?” Caiden’s mother rushed into the room and asked gently. 
“It’s all because of your son!” Keith was beyond exasperated. 
Caiden? What has he done? Isn’t he performing well in the company? She confusedly stared at Keith, unable to wrap her head around it. 
“Take a look yourself!” Keith pointed at those photos with his trembling finger. 
I see. Both of them were dining in a restaurant. Yes, they looked happy, but this could hardly be considered inappropriate behavior, could it? 
She observed all the photos closely but failed to detect any issue. 
“What’s wrong with the photos? I don’t see anything bad. They were just dining together, weren’t they?” She gave her opinion with a soft voice. 
It’s not as simple as it seems. Obviously, that woman is clinging on to my son! 
“She is trying to get close to Caiden!” Keith stomped his foot in exasperation.
Unexpectedly, the woman in front of him started laughing. “Keith, you are overthinking. I know my own son perfectly to know that he will never take back his words. And he said that he would never have any relationship with Joan.” 
As a mother, she was unshaken with her confidence for her beloved son, even though they did not spend much time together. She was sure between him, and Joan was nothing but pure friendship. 
“I can’t allow this. I must do something.” Keith was still mumbling angrily. 
Concerned by his motive, Caiden’s mother stepped towards Keith. 
“Keith, don’t act harshly. Joan has not done anything to Caiden, and Caiden is currently excelling in the company, isn’t he? If you stick your nose into his business, I’m afraid he will create a fuss later,” she persuaded anxiously. 
However, Keith was too furious at the moment to accept her wise advice. 
What a stubborn old man! He says that Caiden never comes back until there is a dead end. Wasn’t he the same when he was young? 
Slowly, darkness began consuming the city. Staring at the desolate moon in the sky, Caiden was feeling extraordinarily lonely. 
Back when Joan was still by his side, he was easily satisfied by her presence alone. She would not need to do anything, and he could still feel like the luckiest man on this planet. Unfortunately, reality had changed. Even if Joan might be close with him physically, their hearts felt like light-years apart. 
“What’s concerning you? Are you alright?” Joan asked with care, supposedly as a normal friend. 
“Nothing.” Caiden shook his head while displaying a helpless expression.
Maybe he’s just tired. She turned her face away and gazed out of the window. 
“Joan, I wanted to ask you something.” Just then, Caiden opened his mouth again. 
“Yes?” Joan shifted her gaze back to him. 
“We’ve known each other for such a long time. Tell me something. Did you ever love me? I want an honest answer.” 
Apparently, that question was meaningless at the moment, and the answer was rather obvious. 
“Where is this coming from?” Joan smiled with a complicated look. 
If she answers a yes, I will give all in to pursue her. I will love her, protect her, take care of her and never leave her. But I know her answer would be a no. 
“Nothing. I was just curious about it. Please give me an honest answer,” Caiden said. 
Joan knew perfectly that she could not possibly say yes, even if that was true. Moreover, there had always been one man in her heart, and that was Larry. 
“Caiden, we have always been friends, haven’t we?” Joan wisely directed the question back to him.
###Chapter 2456
Chapter 2456 
Caiden was somehow trapped by her tactful response. 
“Yes… we will always be good friends, now and in the future!” He shouted suddenly. 
He did not include “past” in his sentence, since as a matter of fact, he used to view her as his girlfriend. 
“Let’s go. It’s late already. Let me send you back.” 
“Okay. Thanks.” 
They both had a pleasant time together, but little did they know that Keith had started planning a series of moves in the dark. 
“Hello, Caiden. Long time no see! I miss you!” Lucius was excited to see Caiden as he ran right towards him when the latter appeared at his house. 
“Really? How much do you miss me?” Caiden squatted down and gazed at Lucius in his eyes. 
Right then, Lucius happily left a kiss on Caiden’s chin. 
“How could Mr. Caiden be so free to come here?” Delilah emerged out from nowhere, while her tone sounded clearly displeased. 
Caiden understood that Delilah was supposedly still mad at the previous incident, but he did not mind. 
“Ms. Young, I miss you so much that I come to visit you.” Caiden patted Lucius’s forehead before he turned to hug Delilah.
“You little rascal, let go of me. Let me tell you this. If Mr. Owens were to create any more trouble, don’t ever expect me to forgive you.” 
Caiden could not seem to suppress the dull pain in his heart while listening to Delilah’s words. Indeed, all those mistakes started with me. 
“Ms. Young, I am terribly sorry. It was all my fault. Please forgive me.” Caiden kept on shaking Delilah’s arm in a spoiled manner. 
It was somewhat peculiar that every time Caiden met Delilah, he acted like a son seeing his own mother. Perhaps this was a kind of fate that no one could explain. 
“Caiden, is this how you treat your mother at home too?” Delilah responded faintly. 
She assumed after he returned to the Owens family, his relationship with his parents would have improved, but the reality was the opposite. 
It was true that he would obey his father submissively in the company, and he took her mother’s advice to lead a healthier lifestyle. However, when they were together, he still seemed to lack a sense of comfort and freedom that belonged to a young man like himself. 
“Nope. I only behave like this with you,” Caiden purposely responded. 
Since when has he become so cringey? Delilah gently smacked his head and said nothing. 
“Caiden, you like Grandma very much, don’t you?” Just then, Lucius appeared and hugged his thigh while gazing at him with overjoyed eyes. 
“Yes, I do,” Caiden responded with a faint grin. 
He failed to sense the nosiness in Lucius’s tone.
As he always thought Lucius was still a kid, he never expected that he was indeed premature in terms of a relationship. 
“No way. How could you like Grandma? You are too young to be my Grandpa,” Lucius joked. 
With that, Joan, who was sitting nearby, burst into laughter. 
“What nonsense are you talking about? Stop it.” Delilah was obviously unsatisfied with that joke. 
At the same time, Caiden was embarrassed and clueless about how to handle the situation. Thus, he turned and walked towards Joan, leaving Delilah on her spot. 
“Stop laughing. Why does he seem to know so much at this age?” Caiden asked in a low voice. 
However, he did not realize his words sounded utterly misleading. 
“Caiden, are you out of your mind? Haha. So are you admitting that you want to become his grandfather?” Joan purposely teased him. 
Upon hearing that, Caiden started to panic. “Joan, what are you saying? The kid has no idea, but you should know better than anyone. You are the one who has always been in my heart, okay?”
###Chapter 2457
Chapter 2457 
At that instant, the air fell into an awkward silence, while a dark expression loomed over Joan’s face. This was exactly what she feared to hear the most. On the other hand, Caiden was genuinely worried about her reaction after hearing this. 
“Alright, alright. Just explain to him later.” Caiden patted on Joan’s shoulder, trying to end the topic. 
“Caiden, please answer me. Do you really want to be my Grandpa? Actually, it’s not impossible.” Lucius had not given up on questioning Caiden. 
Why is he so nosy all of a sudden? Where did he learn this? Caiden was at a loss by Lucius’s interrogation. 
“Kid, not only do I like your Grandma, but I also like you and your Mom.” 
“What? No way! Mom belongs to Dad, so you cannot like Mom!” Lucius yelled aloud. 
Great! This only makes it worse! At that instant, Caiden held his head in both hands, out of words. 
“That’s enough, Lucius. Stop making fun of Caiden.” Joan came to his rescue. 
What? So he is just joking with me? Caiden looked up at Lucius, only to see him gazing at him with an amused look. 
He realized he had been fooled by yet a kid. “Lucius, let’s see how I’ll deal with you!” He stood up to chase Lucius. 
“Caiden, how could you be such a fool? Can’t you see I am just joking around? Hahaha…”
Both ran wildly around the living room, whereas Delilah was busy preparing a meal in the kitchen while Joan was setting up the dining table. What a warm and lovely scene it was. 
Nonetheless, those heartwarming moments were all secretly captured, possibly becoming another time bomb for Joan. 
The next morning, Joan was wakened up by the warm sunlight that slipped through the curtain in her room. 
While still in bed, her arms extended into a stretch while she took a long breath. Her eyes were still reluctant to open to face this world. 
“Time for breakfast.” A familiar voice made her heart fell with a thud. 
What’s happening? Isn’t that Caiden’s voice? Am I dreaming? 
Joan laid a few slaps on her own face, trying to clear her head. 
“Ouch!” Next, she pinched hard on her thigh to make sure she was not dreaming. 
“Why are you torturing yourself in the morning?” Caiden’s voice echoed again. 
It’s Caiden for real! She ran out of her room and scanned through the house confusedly. 
“Didn’t you leave last night?” she asked directly. 
“I wanted to leave, but Lucius kept holding on to my leg, so I could not,” Caiden replied. 
Lucius, what have you done? Why do you always come up with such antics? If this spread out, what will people think of it? And if Larry finds out, he’s gonna be jealous again.
“Don’t worry. I will make sure to explain to Larry later.” Caiden could read her mind. 
He knew she prioritized Larry’s feeling in all circumstances. 
Compared to before, Caiden no longer tried to get into a blind alley. He no longer thought of how to pursue Joan. Instead of saying that he had given up on her, the fact was that he had seen through all these. 
If you really love someone, you will respect her choice. My biggest wish is for her to be happy. That’s the only thing that matters. Caiden cast a smile at Joan without saying anything. 
That particular smile made Joan stunned momentarily, for that was the sincerest smile she had ever seen. That was a real smile of a true friend. 
“Thanks a lot for breakfast!” Joan tried to collect herself from emotions. 
“Welcome. You should go and wake Lucius, or else he might be late for school,” Caiden reminded. 
In truth, he is also a good family guy! Joan smiled back at Caiden before heading towards Lucius’s room.
###Chapter 2458
Chapter 2458 
“Dad, you’re back.” Out of a sudden, Lucius greeted from behind with sleepy eyes. 
Caiden was startled but immediately resumed to normal expression. 
“I’m not your Dad. I am Caiden!” 
Meanwhile, on the other side, Keith commanded angrily into the phone. “Ask Caiden to answer the phone.” 
Jaden was recoiling in fear. “Mr. Owens, Caiden is still in bed. I will ask him to call you back when he wakes up.” 
Keith remained silent for a few moments. I bet he’s not in bed, because he’s not at home at all! 
“Jaden, be frank with me. Caiden did not come home last night, did he?” Keith’s sharp judgment drained the color from Jaden’s face. 
“Mr. Owens, he’s back. Don’t worry. He’s still sleeping now.” Jaden failed to come out of another answer. 
This son of the b*tch is still lying! Keith clenched his fists tightly while trying to suppress his rage. 
“Fine, I will go over now to wake him up!” Upon saying that, Keith was about to hang up. 
“Wait, Mr. Owens. Actually, Caiden is not back.” Jaden had no choice but to confess the truth. 
If he waited for Keith to come over and discover the truth, he feared that not only Caiden but he himself would also be a victim of Keith’s fire of fury.
Upon hearing that, Keith abruptly hung up the phone without saying anything. 
Caiden! When will you wake up from your stupidity? Are you going to be manipulated by that b*tch your whole life? 
Keith angrily grabbed his coat and left the villa. 
Back in Delilah’s house, the four of them had finished a pleasant breakfast and were getting ready for their separate ways. Caiden headed to his office, whereas Lucius went to the school. While Delilah went into the garden like usual, Joan was left alone in the living room with her embroidery. 
It was a new hobby that she picked up lately, supposedly to distract herself from the recent chaos. 
“Ouch…” Just then, she accidentally poked her finger with the needle, and flesh blood streamed down instantly. At that moment, she suddenly had a strange feeling that something bad was about to happen. 
It doesn’t feel right. She stared anxiously at the embroidery and her bleeding finger. She had never been so careless before. 
Knock! Knock! Knock! Out of a sudden, someone was knocking on the door fiercely. 
Who is it? It couldn’t be Larry or Caiden. Neither could it be Ms. Young nor Lucius. Could it be Caspian? This knocking pattern does sound like Caspian. 
Joan rose and stepped to the door, but she opened to a shocking scene that made her froze on the spot. 
“Who are you guys…” She choked on her words discovering a couple of strangers standing at the door. 
“Good morning, Ms. Watts. Mr. Owens would like to talk to you. This way, please,” One of them greeted.
“It’s me!” A familiar face poked out from the car parked not far away. 
It’s Caiden’s father. Why is he here? She immediately put herself on guard while trying to guess the old man’s intention for the unexpected visit. 
A successful man like Caiden’s father should be busy with way more important stuff. What makes him interested in talking to an ordinary woman like me? 
“Good morning. How may I help you?” Joan walked over to the car cautiously. 
“Get in the car.” Keith’s tone was relatively indifferent. 
“We can talk here. I still have some errands to do.” Joan soon detected his motive was anything but reassuring. 
Who does he think he is to command me like that? This is hilarious. Is he seriously expecting me to get into his car submissively? 
“I will repeat once again. Get in the car now. Please don’t challenge my patience,” Keith said rigidly. 
Now, who is challenging whose patience? I have finally starting to forget about the last incident, yet he comes now to start another. I have enough with his tricks! 
“If there is nothing important, then I’ll go first.” She started to walk back into the house. 
At that instant, Keith, sitting in the car, signaled a gesture towards his bodyguards. Before Joan could react, she was captured by them and forcefully pushed into the car.
###Chapter 2459
Chapter 2459 
“What are you doing? Let go of me!” In the car, Joan struggled relentlessly. 
“If you don’t want to die a ghastly death, you had better shut it!” Keith abruptly snapped. 
What the hell? He’s already up in years, so why is he still doing something so childish? At that, Joan instantly went silent and said nothing further. 
“What exactly do you want? If there’s something you want to say, just cut to the chase,” Joan roared in the living room. 
Ugh! I hate playing games and beating around the bush! 
“Why, have you forgotten what you’ve done so quickly, Ms. Watts?” Keith drawled as he puffed away while sitting on the sofa with his legs crossed. 
Huh? I didn’t do anything at all! Joan stared at him with coldness emanating from her. 
“Okay, I’ll bite. What have I done that’s so unforgivable to the Owens family?” she demanded. 
Oh wow, she actually has the temerity to ask such a question, huh? Approaching a member of the Owens family itself is an unforgivable sin! Keith snorted coldly, contempt written all over his face. 
Thud! He then threw the bag beside him at her feet. 
The moment Joan glimpsed the photos inside, surprise flooded her. Never had I expected him to have people tailing his own son, and Caiden doesn’t even have any inkling of it! 
“What’s the meaning of this?” Joan queried, lifting her head.
Good God, what else could it mean? It’s proof that she’s been pestering Caiden all along! 
“Ms. Watts, I remember that I once told you to keep your distance from Caiden. However, you just wouldn’t listen and simply has to hound him,” Keith murmured placidly. 
“Wait! Hold on a moment! Please get your facts straight, okay? I, Joan Watts, have never pestered your son, Caiden Owens. About the photos, it was just a chance encounter,” Joan explained. 
Well, if I don’t clarify things, this old man before me might even have me bumped off. 
“If you didn’t pester him, why did he share a meal with you? And why did he spend the night at your place? Don’t you think that it’s outrageous?” Keith questioned. 
It’s indeed rather outrageous, but there are plenty of outrageous things in this world. Why must he keep harping on me? Furthermore, Caiden and I are merely friends! 
“Mr. Owens, I’ll repeat this once more—Caiden and I are merely friends. That’s all there is to it, so don’t read too much into things. As for him having spent the night at my place yesterday, it was just an accident…” 
However, her explanation was entirely wasted on Keith. 
“Then, tell me what it would take for you to disappear from my son’s line of sight. Caiden warned me against harming a hair on your head, so I won’t be using any physical force against you.” 
From what he’s saying, I’ve got Caiden to thank, then? Joan inhaled deeply as she tried calming herself down. What a ridiculous joke! Why is he pushing all the blame on me? Is the Owens family that protective of their own that they are simply unreasonable?
“Ms. Watts, I think I have made things more than clear the previous time, but why must you keep hounding my son time and again? You know full well that a relationship between the two of you is impossible, so why won’t you let go instead of clinging on to him relentlessly?” Keith demanded bluntly. 
His words and tone had Joan feeling exceedingly chagrined. 
“I think you’ve misunderstood, Mr. Owens. I respect you because you’re Caiden’s father, but please get your facts straight. Firstly, Caiden and I are merely friends. There’s nothing more to our relationship. Secondly, it has always been your son pestering me all this while. I’ve never once taken the initiative to contact him, and you can confirm this with him,” she asserted.
###Chapter 2460
Chapter 2460 
Ugh! I loathe being accused with unwarranted charges! Why should I be condemned when it wasn’t my fault? Why am I the one to shoulder the consequences? 
“As the saying goes, it takes two to tango. If you hadn’t encouraged him, why would he keep clinging to you?” Keith continued censuring her rudely. 
He should be asking Caiden this question instead! What can I do when he’s simply that shameless? 
“Alright, I’ll be leaving if there’s nothing else.” As Joan said that, she made to leave. 
“No way!” Keith bellowed. 
Argh! What exactly does he want from me? Joan then whirled around and stared at the man before her with vexation on her face. I detest being summoned for a chat in such a manner when he could have just talked to me nicely. What the hell is this? Is he trying to brainwash me after having restricted my freedom of movement? 
At that thought, she snorted coldly, her expression disdainful. 
“Why are you in such a hurry to leave? You haven’t given me your promise yet,” Keith abruptly growled. 
What promise? To never again contact Caiden? Of course, that’s not a problem for me as long as Caiden can do that. 
“Don’t pester Caiden anymore. He still has many things to handle, so he doesn’t have the time to consider you,” Keith ordered without mincing his words.
Good heavens! He must be off his rocker! This is something he should be telling his son instead of warning me off. 
“You’re barking up the wrong tree here, Mr. Owens. As long as Caiden doesn’t seek me out, I definitely won’t take the initiative to look for him.” After Joan had said that impassively, she spun on her heels to leave. 
Gah! What a stubborn woman! Why is she so dense? Does she really not understand when I’ve already said as much? All at once, Keith’s eyes glinted coldly. 
“Have you ever considered leaving this city?” he suggested out of the blue. 
Upon hearing that, Joan was momentarily taken aback. Does he mean that I’m to disappear from this city? But why must it be me? 
She slowly turned around and stared at the man in front of her incredulously. 
“You heard me right. I mean, you can leave this city and never return. Well, at least before Caiden gets married,” the man expounded. 
At that, Joan hammered her fists against her head in an attempt to clear her mind. 
So, this is what I can expect from the Owens family, huh? Well, I’ve gotten a front-row seat to it! 
“Mr. Owens, I only address you so politely because I respect you. I’m not a member of the Owens family, so I don’t have to listen to you. The bottom line is, I’m not going anywhere. I’m merely going to live a quiet life here, so I hope no one comes and bothers me,” she countered candidly. 
What kind of people are they? What’s the big deal about being a prominent family? There are plenty more prestigious families in this world, yet none are as unreasonable as they are right now!
“Joan Watts, I’m giving you an opportunity now, so you’d better do as I say. Otherwise, it certainly won’t end well for you!” Keith threatened. 
In that case, I’ll just take my chances! It’s as simple as that. 
“Please excuse me. I’ve got to go home now.” 
“Men, get her!” With a sudden order from Keith, the few young men behind him instantly rushed over to her, all wearing calm and unruffled expressions. 
“Restrain her!” Keith abruptly commanded. 
“Mr. Owens, Mr. Caiden doesn’t like anyone else touching his woman,” the butler reminded. 
“Then, don’t tell him about it. Restrain her and dump her someplace else, quick!” Keith ordered. 
Good Lord, what a sinister and malevolent man! At the turn of events unfolding before her, terror engulfed Joan. 
“You can’t do that! Truly, there’s nothing between Caiden and me!” she shrieked. 
“Where do you want us to dump her, Mr. Owens?” one of the young men asked as he whirled around. 
“Just dump her into the river!” 
What? Is he actually planning to kill me? In an instant, Joan panicked. I’ve never done anything heinous, so why do I have to suffer such tribulations?
###Chapter 2461
Chapter 2461 
“Hold on! This is a matter of life and death, so it’s not something to be done so hastily!” the butler shouted at the top of his lungs. 
He knew that Keith was of unsound mind on occasion, and that was why he had to stay by his side at all times. Keith himself was well aware of that, but he retained no awareness once it happened. 
“Get ahold of yourself, Mr. Owens!” the butler urged anxiously. 
However, there wasn’t any response from the man. Meanwhile, Joan was stumped at everything that was transpiring right in front of her eyes. 
She had no idea what these people were trying to pull, nor did she have the slightest inkling that Caiden’s father had a mental disorder. 
“Hold on first. Don’t do anything reckless,” the butler said to the few young men before him. 
After an indeterminate time had passed, Keith finally snapped back to his senses. 
“What happened? Why are you all looking at me?” he abruptly demanded in a voice threaded with displeasure. 
“Why are you here, Ms. Watts? And what are the lot of you doing? Let go of her! Who allowed you to treat her with such disrespect? Hurry up and let her go!” he then barked at the few young men. 
At that moment, Joan was entirely stunned. What’s with the one-eighty change? Does he think this is playacting? Her gaze remained locked on the man in front of her as she tried to decipher something from his face.
The few young men, on the other hand, glanced at each other before they released their hold on her at long last. 
“I’m really sorry about that, Ms. Watts. Please pardon the ordeal you’ve been through. Mr. Owens is up in years, so his mind gets fuzzy at times…” the butler hastily rushed over and explained in a whisper. 
He was the only person who knew about Keith’s mental instability. In fact, even Caiden and his mother weren’t aware of it. 
“Also, please keep this a secret since it concerns the reputation of the Owens family,” the butler continued. 
At last, understanding dawned upon Joan, and she suddenly pitied Keith. 
“Sure, I got it. Don’t worry, for I’ll never tell anyone about this,” she avowed. 
After her traumatic experience with the unpredictable Keith, she then returned home helplessly. “What happened?” Delilah asked warily as she studied her. 
“Nothing. Everything’s fine, Ms. Young. It was just a misunderstanding,” Joan replied at once, grasping her petite hands. 
But I definitely saw that man! Still feeling a tad suspicious, Delilah stared at her in puzzlement. 
“Answer me honestly, Joan Watts. Did Caiden Owens’ father threaten you?” she questioned. 
“No, Ms. Young. He just invited me for a meal, and that’s the honest truth. You can go and ask him if you don’t believe me,” Joan asserted. 
Seeing that she was calm and unruffled, Delilah didn’t pursue the matter further.
Ah, it doesn’t matter as long as she’s safe and sound! After exchanging a few words with her, Delilah then left the house. 
Meanwhile, Larry had been investigating the truth of the matter abroad. He couldn’t tell Joan the truth, nor could he reveal the slightest information about him to anyone. 
“I really appreciate all that you’ve done, Mr. Norton,” Malcolm murmured with slight embarrassment. 
“It’s nothing, Mr. Lancaster. I believe in you, and I also trust that you’ll definitely make a comeback. Don’t worry, for I’ll help you to the best of my ability regardless of the results,” Larry declared resolutely. 
That was the so-called friendship between men. Despite the huge age gap between the two of them, Malcolm never treated Larry like a kid. 
After all, loyalty had always been a priority for men. 
“What’s going on with Matthew? He must be wooing those on the board of directors now in a bid to usurp my position, no?” Malcolm reckoned with narrowed eyes as he took a puff of his cigarette. 
“According to the results of my investigation, he has started making his move. However, it seems that he’s running into some problems, so he’s attempting to buy their shares,” Larry replied. 
Ah, he’s truly a sly and treacherous man! Malcolm heaved a sigh. Well, as expected of my biological brother! 
“But why is he doing this to you when he’s your biological brother, Mr. Lancaster?” Larry queried as he looked at the man before him in bafflement.
###Chapter 2462
Chapter 2462 
Although biological brothers had their difference as well, it was only natural for them to help each other out during critical times. Thus, Larry truly couldn’t figure out why Malcolm and his brother ended up as enemies. 
“Because our father chose me as his heir back then,” Malcolm answered helplessly. 
At the mention of the past, it was actually no different from the typical plot of a family conflict. 
True to form, the elder son was diligent and worked hard, so all employees in the company naturally looked up to him. Conversely, the younger son spent all his time cavorting and creating trouble outside, so the father pinned all his hopes on the elder son. That was all to it. Malcolm was the elder son, while Matthew was the younger son. 
In truth, it was par for course in a prominent family that whoever was more capable and outstanding would hold the reins of the family. However, Matthew was inclined toward trickery and malice, so he focused all his energy and attention on dealing with Malcolm. What a shame! 
“I didn’t know that there was such a problem within your family. In that case, your life must have been tiring in the past few years,” Larry remarked. 
The two of them had already regarded each other as good friends, so they naturally forwent all the formalities of the past. 
“It was indeed rather tiring. On my father’s deathbed, he exhorted me to teach and discipline my brother, but I really can’t manage it. I truly can’t think of any method to steer him back to the right path. Moreover, he has always been averse to me…” 
Malcolm appeared helpless as he spoke, and that surprised Larry.
I never thought that eminent figures who seem to outshine everyone else would actually have such a bitter history behind them. Sighing, Larry shook his head. 
“What about you? I heard that things weren’t going well between you and your wife some time ago,” Malcolm blurted out of the blue. 
Speaking of Joan, Larry was plagued with yearning and guilt. 
He had been busy with work and career recently, so he hadn’t much time to care about her. Besides, he was also afraid of hearing her say that she missed him… 
“Yeah, but it’s all in the past now. It was merely a trivial matter,” Larry admitted candidly. 
“Although I’ve never met your wife, Larry, you must remember that the woman who has been with you from the very beginning is the woman who loves you,” Malcolm asserted emphatically while patting him hard on the shoulder, his voice tinged with a hint of regret. 
Hmm… Perhaps he has experienced something of that sort! Nonetheless, Larry didn’t comment on that, for he knew that Joan was it for him in this lifetime. 
Bang! All of a sudden, the door was forcefully kicked open. 
“Ah, I’ve been looking for you for a long time, my dearest brother. Unexpectedly, you’ve been hiding out here.” 
In the next moment, a familiar, frigid voice drifted over. 
“What are you doing?” Larry sprang to his feet and moved in front of Malcolm at once. 
Bam! Larry was suddenly shoved aside viciously by Malcolm.
“How many times have I told you that I’ve got no money, you scoundrel? Get lost!” Malcolm lambasted as he pointed at Larry a near distance away. 
All at once, Larry was dumbfounded. He couldn’t figure out what exactly happened that Malcolm had now changed his tune so drastically in the blink of an eye. 
“This young man is here to discuss business with me. He doesn’t know anything about the conflict between us, so let him go,” Malcolm urged right on the heels of his admonishment. 
Upon hearing that, Larry instantly understood that he was trying to save him. 
Just when he was about to argue and stand with Malcolm, a thought abruptly flashed across his mind. 
It’s better if I remain free so that I can help him! 
“Well? Do you want to stay or leave?” Matthew demanded loudly as he swaggered over to Larry and kicked him several times. 
Argh! How dare he kick me! Does he know who I am? 
“I’m leaving. The conflict between the two of you has nothing to do with me,” Larry mumbled weakly as he clutched his chest. 
“Really? So, did you see everything that happened today?” As Matthew asked that, he snagged the whip at the side and swung it hard at the man on the ground. 
“I didn’t see anything!” Larry answered in a near shout.
###Chapter 2463
Chapter 2463 
Meanwhile, guilt swamped Malcolm as he watched the man in front of him being beaten to a pulp. 
I’m sorry, Larry! His hands clenched tight, and a trace of anguish crept into his eyes. 
“Good! Scram!” As Matthew said that, he again gave him a lethal kick. 
Subsequently, Larry slowly staggered up while trying to compose himself. He cast a glance at Malcolm at the side, but he then walked out without saying anything. 
Perchance because he had sustained too many injuries, he collapsed by the roadside shortly after. When he woke up, he was lying on a hospital bed in the hospital. 
“You’re awake? Are you thirsty? Would you like to have some water?” a young lady anxiously asked beside him. 
“Who are you? And why am I here?” Larry mumbled. 
His questions startled the woman beside him. 
“Uh… Well, you passed out by the roadside earlier,” the woman explained. 
Hearing that, the man on the hospital bed massaged his temples in an attempt to clear his mind. 
Hmm… That’s right. I’m in the hospital now. In the next second, he recalled everything that had happened just now. Oh God, I’ve got to lodge a police report and save Mr. Lancaster! 
Without an ounce of hesitation, he got out of bed. Slipping on his shoes, he then made to sprint out of the hospital room.
“Where are you going?” the woman screeched as she grabbed his arm tightly, her face a mask of worry. 
“I’ve got an important matter to handle.” As Larry spoke, he pulled away from her. 
“Don’t panic first. You can tell me if you’ve got a problem. I’ll help you, so don’t worry. As long as you tell me what it is, I’ll definitely do my best to resolve it for you. Therefore, you only need to lie back on the bed and rest,” the woman declared firmly. Then, she forcefully pushed him onto the bed. 
At that very moment, Larry was completely drained of energy, his only thought to save Malcolm. 
“First and foremost, I’m very thankful for your help, miss. But I really have an urgent matter to attend to, so please excuse me.” 
“Stay right there!” the woman snapped as she pressed him down hard. 
Surprisingly, the moment she laid eyes on Larry, she fell in love with him. Perhaps it was the so-called love at first sight? 
In the past, she had never considered love or marriage, but when she met this man, she knew that she had fallen deeply to the point of no return. Larry didn’t do anything at all, yet she simply fell in love with him. 
“I’ll repeat this another time— tell me the urgent matter you’re speaking of, and I’ll resolve it for you,” the woman murmured as she placed her index finger at his lips. 
“Miss, we’re strangers, so I hope you can have some self-respect. Besides, my affairs are none of your business,” Larry stated coldly. 
In the course of his entire life, the one thing he abhorred most was people getting overly familiar with him.
“Hmm? You’re miffed? I just wanted to help you out,” the woman muttered. Turning around, she then sat on the sofa with a regal demeanor. 
“I don’t need it,” Larry countered bluntly. 
Few people were aware of Malcolm being sabotaged, and they were secretly investigating the truth of the matter, so he couldn’t simply tell someone else about it. 
“So, your name is Larry Norton, huh?” the woman inquired out of the blue. 
How did she know that? Larry eyed the woman in front of him suspiciously, his gaze threaded with a hint of curiosity. 
“Here!” The woman tossed Larry’s identification card, which she held in her hand, to him. 
“You probably came here for business, yes?” she then asked, fiddling with her fingers. 
After all, people dressed like him are generally illustrious characters such as company presidents. Her lips curved into an approving smile at that thought. In that sense, he makes a good match for me. 
“You’re asking too many questions,” Larry growled before turning away with awkwardness written on his face. 
“And the matter is extremely troublesome, yes? Larry, you’re not a local, so you’ll naturally need help to deal with a matter here. Am I not right?” the woman pressed. 
She was indeed right, and her words were also aimed specifically at him, yet Larry still didn’t feel like working with her.
###Chapter 2464
Chapter 2464 
“I can handle it by myself,” Larry insisted. 
“Then, tell me how you’re going to resolve the problem. You can barely save yourself now, okay? Don’t tell me you’re planning to lodge a police report? Considering your intellect, I think you can tell that the police are merely for show without any practical use.” 
That remark of hers snagged Larry’s attention. 
She’s right in that the police are usually not of much use, but I’m unfamiliar with this place, so what else can I do besides lodging a police report? 
“Isn’t it good if I resolve it for you?” the woman questioned. 
“Why do you want to help me?” Larry demanded bluntly. I’m not going to simply accept help from any Tom, Dick, and Harry without delving further into the possible motives! 
“Because I like you.” 
That single utterance had the eyes of the man in front of her widening even as disdain manifested on his face. 
What the hell is happening here? Even in a different country, an unknown woman has fallen in love with me? This must be a dream, yes? Larry immediately thumped his head and pinched his thigh with all his might. 
“Ow…” Alas, pain assailed him. Oh God, this is no dream! Rather, it’s reality!
“Go and help someone else. I don’t need your help,” he promptly blurted as he waved a dismissive hand at her. 
I’m married, okay? Strictly speaking, while Joan and I haven’t remarried yet, it’s only a matter of time. Besides, I’ll never betray her! 
Slowly sashaying toward him, the woman then leaned in close to his ear. “Why, don’t you like me?” she asked in a whisper. 
Hah! Not only do I not like you, but I’m actually repulsed by you, okay? Larry merely threw her a look without answering her, which in turn conveyed his tacit acquiescence. 
“It’s okay. Feelings develop over time, anyway. It’s enough that I like you,” the woman proclaimed confidently. 
Jeez, who exactly is she that she has so much confidence to make such a brazen declaration? 
“Alright, you go ahead and rest. I’ll go and get some medicine for you. Oh yes, don’t attempt to escape from this room since there are several bodyguards stationed at the door.” As the woman said that, she strode away, her platform heels clicking against the floor. 
Ugh! This woman is simply crazy! She couldn’t have failed to discern my stance, could she? Larry frowned slightly as he stared at the retreating back. 
After some time had passed, he glanced at his watch. She has probably gone far enough, yes? He then quietly crept out of bed and slipped on his shoes before slowly inching to the door. But the moment he opened the door, he was again taken aback. 
“Is there something you need, Mr. Norton?” one of the bodyguards inquired in a low voice while bowing to him.
Larry could tell that he was trained at a single glance, so he merely shook his head with a bitter smile and closed the door. 
Damn it all to hell! It looks like I’ve been confined this time! Subsequently, he raced over to the window, only to see that he was on an upper floor. Argh! If I were to jump out, I’d definitely end up splattered on the sidewalk! 
“Why, are you contemplating jumping out?” the woman questioned disdainfully as she walked in. 
She had anticipated that he wouldn’t simply listen to her, so she had taken all precautions from the very beginning itself. 
“What exactly is the meaning of this?” Larry snarled, his expression vicious. 
“Nothing much. I just want you to rest. That’s all,” the woman replied. 
“I don’t know you, so please let me out of here. Otherwise, I’m going to sue you for kidnapping!” Larry snapped. 
All at once, the woman before him burst into laughter. Haha, I don’t fear anyone or anything in this world! 
“You can try it, and we shall see whether the police will believe me or you.” 
Suddenly, she found him really amusing. No one had ever dared to speak to me in such a manner. Well, he’s the first. 
Meanwhile, Larry was indeed too weak at that time, so he couldn’t quite handle her aggressive attitude. 
Ah well, I’ll just rest for a while. Lying down on the hospital bed, he slowly closed his eyes.
What’s with him now? Is he tired? Or is he sad? Mystified, the woman stared intently at the man who was lying on the hospital bed.
###Chapter 2465
Chapter 2465 
“Are you okay?” the woman asked as she touched Larry’s forehead. 
“Don’t touch me!” Larry bellowed all of a sudden. Other than Joan, I’ll never allow any other woman to touch me for the rest of my life! 
“Why are you so fierce to me? It’s not like I bite!” the woman retorted vehemently. 
“Stay away from me!” Larry thundered. 
Why is he so hot-tempered? This won’t do. I’ve got to tame him. Otherwise, he’ll be stepping all over me every day after we get married! 
“So, what’s your decision, Larry? Do you want me to help you? I’ve always been a very efficient person,” the woman deliberately enticed. “Oh yes, I haven’t even introduced myself after such a long time. I’m Della Duff,” the woman said while extending her right hand. 
In response, Larry twisted his head to the side and gazed out the window, ignoring her altogether. 
Ugh! Why is she so annoying! At that very moment, ire suffused him. Wait… That sounds very familiar. Did she say she’s Della Duff? 
In a flash, his head snapped back, and he stared at the woman in front of him with a dubious gaze. 
Ah, he has finally gotten it! A satisfied smile played on the woman’s lips. I just knew that few in this world don’t know me, Della Duff! 
“What did you just say?” Larry queried in a slightly diffident voice.
“I’m Della Duff. Why, is there a problem? Of course, you can voice it out,” the woman drawled with a chuckle. 
Della Duff was the daughter of the wealthiest man in the world, and she received top-notch education since young. Even when she was still attending school, she had already started her own business. Without any help from her father, she managed to propel the company she established to the top ten in the world in a mere three years. 
Hmm… I never thought that I’d actually meet such a formidable character here. 
“Well, let’s hear it. What questions do you have?” the woman asked, cutting straight to the chase. 
If she’s really Della Duff, it’s a good idea to ask for her help. After all, everyone knows that she never bows to any power but always remains true to herself. 
“So, will you tell me your problem now?” the woman repeated. 
Of course! That’s a no-brainer, after all. If she’s Della Duff, there’s hope for Mr. Lancaster. However, empty talk doesn’t prove that she’s truly who she claims to be. 
Larry’s brows creased deeply as doubt stained his expression. 
Della’s forte ever since young was reading people’s expressions, so she naturally knew his concerns. Thus, she took her identification card out of her handbag and flicked it to the man on the hospital bed. 
Sure enough, she’s Della Duff! Elation inundated Larry at once. But at the same time, he was also a tad worried. 
What if she really took a fancy to me? My heart is already chock-full of Joan, so there’s no space for any other woman.
“Ms. Duff, I apologize for having been rude to you earlier.” He instantly apologized while appearing a touch embarrassed. 
Well, well… That’s quite a drastic change of attitude, but it’s good that he has the guts to admit to his mistakes. 
“It’s okay since I didn’t tell you my identity earlier. So, will you now tell me what exactly your urgent matter is? As I said, I’ll help you resolve it,” Della stated plainly. 
Yes, that was what she said, and it’s indeed the smart thing to do, but I don’t want to owe her a favor! Ah, never mind! It’s a matter of life and death, so I’ll just deal with it after having saved Mr. Lancaster! 
“The thing is, Ms. Duff, I have a business partner who is now in a bit of a bind…” Larry explained in a low voice, his demeanor exceedingly solemn. 
In an instant, the woman understood everything. 
“It’s just a paltry matter, yet you ended up in such a sorry state? From what I know, you’re an incredibly domineering and ruthless president, Mr. Norton,” Della deliberately taunted him. 
This was just an accident, okay? At her dig, Larry dipped his head as mortification flashed across his eyes. 
“Alright, you don’t need to bother about this anymore. I’ll deal with it.” As Della spoke, she strode out of the hospital room.
###Chapter 2466
Chapter 2466 
“Wait a minute, Ms. Duff! Mr. Lancaster is in an extremely precarious situation now, so please take immediate action,” Larry urged anxiously. 
He was truly afraid that Matthew would hurt Malcolm even though they were biological brothers. 
“You’re quite loyal,” the woman commented. Then, she left. 
You must hang on, Mr. Lancaster! Larry prayed as he gazed out at the sky outside. 
But little did he know that a catastrophe awaited him. 
“What? Ms. Duff is coming? Why would she do so? And did she tell you the purpose of her visit?” Matthew demanded anxiously in the office as terror rushed through his veins. 
“I have no idea why. Ms. Duff has never involved herself in such matters in the past, and it’s also the first time she has ever visited. I can’t shake off the feeling that something bad is going to happen,” his assistant quickly replied. 
“Buzz off!” Matthew abruptly roared. “You’re such a useless piece of trash! Why am I paying the lot of you? You know nothing, merely bragging every day…” 
Outside the office, none of the employees dared make a single sound, all burying their heads in their own work. 
“When is she coming?” Matthew snarled. 
“This afternoon,” the assistant answered.
Why the hell is that damn woman coming over at this time when she never had any collaboration with this company? The man rubbed his hands vigorously, apprehension engulfing him. 
“Alright, here’s what we’ll do. When she comes in the afternoon, just say that I’m not in,” Matthew ordered. 
“But she has made an appointment in advance,” the assistant instantly countered. 
Damn it! The receptionist is also useless! Why didn’t she ascertain who the hell was making the appointment before confirming it? 
“Actually, it’s not a bad thing to meet her, Mr. Matthew. Della Duff is a globally-renowned entrepreneur, so it’s truly an honor to meet her, although her visit this time may not be a good thing,” the assistant reminded him. 
Why on earth is everything going haywire recently, with each problem worse than the last? 
Bang! The man slammed his hand on the table. A ruthless aura emanated from him, yet he was also powerless at that moment. 
“If you really don’t want to meet her, we can put her off,” the assistant added. 
He’s the boss right now, so I have no say in whatever he wants to say or do. 
“Of course, I’m meeting her! Why wouldn’t I do so? I must meet her!” Matthew answered resolutely. 
I simply want to see what that so-called Ms. Duff is up to! 
“Go and straighten things out in preparation to receive her!”
“Oh, you’re here, Ms. Duff? Please have a seat!” Matthew greeted Della while stepping forward to welcome her. 
Upon seeing his reverent demeanor, the assistant was astonished. He was grumbling about her arrival in the morning, so why is he suddenly so enthusiastic now? Ha! It turns out that even men are prone to fickleness! Also, it only takes a matter of mere seconds for a man to change his tune! 
“I wonder why you graced us with your presence here, Ms. Duff?” Matthew inquired gently as he poured her a cup of tea, seemingly afraid to offend her. 
“If my memory serves, you’re not the owner of this company. I’m sorry, but I’ll only speak to the owner,” Della murmured after taking a sip of tea. 
What a b*tch! It’s just a chat, yet she’s picky about the person she wants to talk to? What’s her problem? 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Duff, but my brother is currently away. Um… He has gone on a vacation, so it might be a long time before he returns,” Matthew immediately fibbed. 
However, from his expression and reaction alone, Della could tell that the man in front of her was definitely lying even if Larry hadn’t told her everything about the two brothers. 
“In that case, I’ll just get straight to the point. I want to acquire the company or collaborate on a project. However, my final decision hinges on my talk with the owner in person,” she declared. 
In reality, she had no interest in such a company. If it weren’t for Larry’s request, she wouldn’t even have set foot in this place.
###Chapter 2467
Chapter 2467 
Nonetheless, Della’s words shocked Matthew greatly. After all, everyone in the world knew that she was a single-minded person. She could acquire any company or drive the development of a certain company through collaboration. As for whether it would be for good or otherwise, it all hinged on her mood. 
“I’ll be honest with you, Ms. Duff. We’ve never aired our dirty laundry in public, but my brother is sick and has been receiving treatment. So, your consideration is very much appreciated. Whatever it is, you can just speak to me,” Matthew asserted in a low voice after having straightened his clothes and shoulders. 
Hah! What’s the use of speaking to him? He’s not the person I want to meet! What a joke! Furthermore, it’s obvious at a single glance that he’s an entirely unreliable man. He certainly doesn’t have many aspirations in life, not to mention career-wise! 
Indeed, that was the truth. Otherwise, he would have made something of himself ages ago. 
“No, that’s not acceptable. I’ll repeat it once more—I’ll only discuss this matter with Mr. Lancaster. Otherwise, I’ll simply proceed with an acquisition.” As Della said that, she got up to leave. 
No, I can’t allow that to happen! How could the company that I’ve finally liberated fall into some other woman’s hands? 
“Don’t make any hasty decisions first, Ms. Duff. Look, we’re discussing this matter right now, aren’t we? Let’s take it easy, okay?” Matthew hastily blurted. 
Ugh! Why am I so unlucky these days that the people I meet are more unreasonable as they come?
“I don’t want to waste my time with you, so just call me when your brother has recovered. If I don’t see him within three days, I’ll proceed with the acquisition.” As Della said that, she strode out of the office. 
Argh! How could this shameless b*tch be so cocky? What’s the big deal about having a rich father? Behind her, Matthew gritted his teeth as his expression contorted into a mask of rage. 
“What should we do now?” the assistant mumbled beside him. 
“What else can we do other than playing along with her?” Matthew retorted irately. 
I simply don’t understand how that damn man got acquainted with Ms. Duff that she’s adamant to talk business with him alone! 
After leaving the office, Della went straight back to the hospital. 
In the hospital room, Larry remained lying on the hospital bed. Bored, he flipped through a magazine absent-mindedly. 
I wonder how Mr. Lancaster is doing right now and whether Ms. Duff can resolve this problem. Will Matthew really relent and let Mr. Lancaster go? Anxiousness brew within him. 
All of a sudden, his cell phone on the table at the side started ringing. He initially thought that it was Della, but when he picked up the cell phone, he saw that it was a call from Joan. 
At that, he abruptly remembered that he hadn’t phoned her in a long time. All at once, sheer guilt assailed him. 
“Are you okay recently, Larry?” Joan asked worriedly. 
“I’m fine, so don’t worry. I’m just rather busy these days,” Larry hastily answered.
“Oh, I see. You haven’t called in a long time, so Ms. Young was worried that something had happened and asked me to phone you…” Joan murmured hesitantly. 
“Hey, don’t use me as an excuse, Joan Watts! The truth is, you’re missing him, so stop making excuses!” Delilah hollered from the kitchen. 
“Don’t put words in my mouth, Ms. Young!” Joan countered shyly. 
At that very moment, a wealth of warmth imbued Larry, and his mood instantly brightened significantly. 
“Why, don’t you miss me?” he suddenly queried. 
“Of course, I do. How could I possibly not? I miss you every day, and I even dream of you!” Joan hurriedly admitted in a frantic voice. In the next moment, she went silent, perchance having realized that she was too brazen. 
Hearing that, Larry’s lips curved into a gratified smile. 
Perhaps she’s the only woman who can really comfort me in this world. 
“I miss you, too. I miss you so, so much,” Larry murmured. 
All at once, Joan was touched. It’s enough as long as he still keeps me in mind. 
“How are things going for you over there? Are there any beautiful ladies parading themselves around you?” she questioned sheepishly.
###Chapter 2468
Chapter 2468 
Well, there is, but I find it really irritating! 
“What are you going on about? You’re the only one I love,” Larry assured. 
“Who are you talking to?” Della demanded in a booming voice as she walked in out of the blue. 
Hmm? Why is there a woman’s voice? Unease flooding her, Joan stared at the cell phone in her hand suspiciously. 
“Hello? Where are you now, Larry?” she inquired. 
“I’m handling some matters outside. I’ll be hanging up, okay? I’ve still got some things to do.” After saying that, Lary hung up the phone. 
“Hello, Larry? Hello?” 
“What’s wrong? Did something happen?” Delilah questioned in concern while instantly rushing over. 
“Huh? No, everything’s fine,” Joan replied softly. 
Who exactly is that woman earlier? She didn’t sound familiar at all, so I probably don’t know her. Tilting her head, she plunged into deep contemplation as she gazed at the moon outside. God, I should’ve agreed to remarry him back then! Look what happened now! Everyone knows that he’s currently single, so there must be tons of women eyeing him! 
At that very moment, regret swamped her. 
“Was it a woman?” Della asked without shying away.
“How did it go?” Larry queried in a low voice, deliberately changing the subject. 
“Answer my question first. Who was on the phone with you earlier?” Della demanded brashly, making it obvious that she was peeved. 
“It was my wife,” Larry answered, loud and clear. 
There’s nothing to hide. I love Joan, and she’s my only wife in this lifetime! As for Della, I can merely regard her as a close business partner or friend. 
“You’re married? That’s impossible! As far as I know, you’re divorced,” Della mumbled as she slowly walked over to the sofa and sat down. 
I’ve already investigated every single detail about him. I know when he started dating, who he dated, as well as when he got married and divorced like the back of my hand! 
“Yes, I’m indeed divorced now. However, my ex-wife and I are going to remarry very soon,” Larry admitted. 
His reply was exceedingly honest and resolute, so much so that a sense of defeat suddenly overwhelmed the woman on the sofa. 
No, I must have him! Ever since young, everything I want has always belonged to me in the end! 
“Let me tell you, Larry, you must listen to me now that you’re asking me for a favor,” she drawled. 
Hmm? What trick has she got up her sleeve now? All at once, the man on the hospital bed put up his guard. 
“What do you want me to do?”
At that, the woman got to her feet and sauntered toward Larry. There was a trace of tenderness in her eyes, yet it was also tinged with a veiled gleam of icy coldness. 
“You’re mine, now and forever. In the future, you can only marry me!” Della declared ruthlessly. 
The oppressive aura and vicious air radiating from her had Larry shuddering imperceptibly. 
I’ve always heard that Della Duff is a person who would do anything at all to attain her goal. Of course, her goal has always been her ambition and aspiration career-wise though she has never once violated the law. Indeed, my meeting with her today has proved that this woman is truly something else. Damn it! She’s really a competitive woman who can’t accept defeat. However, I’ll never yield! 
“Please get your facts straight, Ms. Duff. Despite my divorced status now, I have a girlfriend. Thus, please don’t pester me anymore. Also, I’m very thankful to you about Mr. Lancaster’s matter, but you don’t need to intervene anymore either.” As he said that, he turned away to gaze out the window and ignored her pointedly. 
Well, well… He’s quite ballsy! Della studied him with a faint smile on her face. I like him all the more now! 
She then smirked meaningfully before leaving the room. 
As Larry stared at her back, he heaved a long sigh. God, problems are truly coming at me one after another! He knew that massive trouble was gradually heading his way, but he was afraid Joan would get the wrong impression if she were to learn about it.
###Chapter 2469
Chapter 2469 
Despite that, Joan will probably understand my character, yes? Larry’s brows furrowed slightly, and his expression turned grim. 
“What should we do now, Ms. Duff? Do we still keep watch here?” a burly bodyguard at the door of the hospital room asked. 
At that question, Della glanced over her shoulder at the hospital room as a flicker of hesitation flashed across her eyes. 
“Continue to keep watch here.” After saying that, she left. 
One day, you’ll fall for me, Larry Norton! Her determined gaze had the people around her instinctively backing away several steps. 
“Who’s that woman with such a powerful aura?” 
“I don’t know, but you can tell that she’s rich. After all, she even has a boy toy.” 
“Really? Are you saying that the man in that hospital room is her boy toy?” 
A few nurses were gossiping in hushed tones in the corner of the corridor, all wearing nosy expressions on their faces. 
All of a sudden, Della stopped in her tracks and marched toward the director’s office. Her eyes blazed with a murderous look. 
“Ms. Duff? Why are you here?” the director exclaimed with a bright smile as he bolted to his feet at once.
“Dismiss the few nurses in the corner of the corridor!” Della ordered bluntly. 
Upon hearing that, the director was instantly taken aback. Huh? What did those few nurses do to offend this woman before me that she’s so incensed right now? 
“The reason being, making up stories and spreading rumors about other people indiscriminately during working hours. Thus, there’s a problem with their character.” As Della said that, she pushed open the door and left the office. 
Her arrival and departure were like a gust of wind, there a moment and gone the next. Meanwhile, the director stared at her disappearing back with envy in his eyes. Then, he picked up his glasses and ambled toward the aforementioned corner. 
“Really? Surely not? She doesn’t seem to be that kind of person.” 
“Why not? For a woman to have accomplished so much, she must have traded it with her body, and it was likely multiple times at that.” 
“Don’t run your mouth. She seems quite decent.” 
The few nurses were still gossiping without the slightest inkling that disaster was mere seconds away. 
“The lot of you don’t need to come to work anymore. Pack your things and leave,” the director enunciated disdainfully after having gone over to them. 
In a flash, the few women were stunned. What on earth happened that the director himself is here to dismiss us? 
“Today isn’t April Fools’ Day, so please don’t joke with us,” a woman, who was usually friendly with men, said with a chuckle.
“I’m serious. Don’t blame me for it, but blame your mouths that just couldn’t stay zipped.” After the director had said that, he made to leave. 
“Wait… But what did we do? We’ve always been conscientious and responsible. Why are you suddenly dismissing us when we’ve been working so hard?” a nurse inquired beseechingly, grabbing his arm at once. 
“Because the lot of you have offended someone. Besides, this hospital doesn’t need people like you. We need capable and reliable nurses, not people like you who gossip every day. Alright, that’s all I’m saying on that matter, so go and pack your things. Remember, no matter where you go in the future, don’t simply talk about others.” 
All at once, understanding dawned upon the few nurses. Oh God, it was the woman with the powerful aura who got us fired! 
“What should I do? My mother will definitely kill me if she learns that I’ve been dismissed by the hospital!” 
“I’m in the same boat. I’ve finally gotten a job, so my father will surely reprimand me again now that I’ve suddenly been dismissed.” 
As the director looked at the few dejected women some distance away, he shook his head. 
They have only themselves to blame since it was a mess they brought upon themselves! Besides, Della Duff isn’t someone to be gossiped about. Ah, they’re just too young to know better! 
In the hospital room, Larry remained lying on the bed. As he stared at the photo in his hand, his lips curved into a smile every so often. 
It was a photo of Joan.
###Chapter 2470
Chapter 2470 
Joan must have heard Della’s voice earlier, yes? Should I explain things to her? 
“So, what’s your plan?” Della asked as she sashayed in. 
What plan can I have? In my current condition, I won’t be able to do anything. Larry merely kept mum. He didn’t want to talk to her, let alone see her. 
“Why, are you angry?” Della questioned bluntly. 
Of course, I’m angry! I really don’t want to disappoint Joan, nor do I want to owe her a favor! 
“Just leave, Della. I’ll settle my problem by myself,” Larry declared loudly. 
Even if I can’t settle it, I’ll give my all to save Mr. Lancaster! 
“Then, tell me how you’re going to settle it. With your status, connections, and capabilities here, you definitely won’t be able to save Malcolm Lancaster. As for Matthew Lancaster, I’ve gone to see him, and he’s clearly an extremely cunning man. Thus, it’ll be very challenging for you to keep him in check if you’re unfamiliar with his tactics,” Della drawled softly. 
She was indeed right, for Matthew had always been a vicious person who never played by the rules. Instead, he kept changing up his methods simply because he was afraid that he would become predictable to others. 
“That’s none of your business!” the man on the hospital bed snapped. 
“Larry, it’s because you don’t want to owe me a favor since you’re afraid that you can’t repay me, no? In that case, just pledge yourself to me. As I said, I like you, so you must marry me in the future!” Della
insisted. 
Is she mad? How could she simply say such a thing? Furthermore, who would dare marry a woman like her? 
“Listen carefully, Della. I, Larry Norton, love Joan Watts alone. In this lifetime, I’ll only marry her,” Larry stated resolutely. 
“It’s okay. I’ll go and have a chat with her. She’ll definitely back away,” Della declared confidently. 
In an instant, Larry panicked. “What are you planning to do? I’ll show you no mercy if you dare harm a single hair on her head!” 
Haha, how ridiculous! What can he do to me for the sake of that woman when he isn’t even capable of resistance now? 
In response, Della walked over to the bed and tucked the covers around him with a perpetual smile on her smile. 
“So, how are you planning to punish me at that time? Well, it doesn’t matter anyway. I’ll already be yours by then, so I’m willing to take whatever punishment you dole out,” she murmured devilishly as she flirtatiously brushed a finger under his chin. Thereafter, she left. 
Damn it! Wasn’t that something I should’ve done to Joan instead? At that very moment, Larry felt entirely useless. Regret swamped him. If I’d known this would’ve happened, I would’ve had Caspian come over instead! 
“Keep a close eye on him and make sure that he stays put. Otherwise, I’ll be holding you responsible,” Della threatened as she walked away. 
“Understood!”
Considering the sluggish progress of things, Caspian was very much worried back in Chanaea. 
Joan had no idea that Larry went abroad to resolve a problem, so she naturally regarded his trip this time as a run-of-the-mill business trip. Caspian, however, knew about the danger all too well, so he had been anticipating Larry’s return every day. Alas, he hadn’t seen any sign of him after such a long time. For that reason, he grew increasingly anxious. 
“Why isn’t Larry back yet? Has something happened to him?” Jessica asked loudly beside him, her expression one of extreme agitation. 
“That’s not likely since he said everything was going smoothly the last time he called,” Caspian assured. 
Crash! All of a sudden, the cup in the man’s hand slipped to the floor and splintered into thousands of pieces right before their eyes. 
“Look how careless you are! What’s playing in your mind that you’re always looking distracted?” Jessica grumbled under her breath. 
Well, she’s right. I just can’t shake off the extreme unease and trepidation within me no matter what I’m doing recently. Yet, I can’t tell what exactly I feel that way. 
“What’s wrong, Caspian? Are you not feeling well? If so, let’s go and get you checked out at the hospital, okay?” Jessica urged anxiously, instantly taking his arm.
###Chapter 2471
Chapter 2471 
“Have I been out of sorts these few days, Jessica?” Caspian asked. 
That’s too mild a description! In truth, you’ve even been worse than a walking corpse! You always drop your cutlery when you’re eating, and you space out when you’re working. Even when you’re walking, you’re often a hair’s breadth from getting hit by a car! 
Worse still, you’re no longer asking me out to a movie or shopping dates! I always declined back then because I’d been busy, but he has wilted now that I’m free, often looking dispirited instead. 
“Tell me what exactly is on your mind now. Do you not love me anymore?” Jessica questioned out of the blue, her voice colored with aggrieve. 
“What are you saying, silly? How could I possibly not love you? You’re the woman I love most in this lifetime!” Caspian answered, instantly hugging her tightly and kissing her tenderly on the forehead. 
“Really? Did you also say this to Nancy Barrymore in the past?” Jessica quizzed bluntly without considering his feelings in the slightest. 
In her world, she had always believed that once two people started dating, they should be frank with each other and tolerate the other person in everything. 
“How did you know about me and Nancy?” Caspian asked with his brows deeply creased, chagrined. 
“Look at how intimate you’re addressing her! Tell me, do you still love her now? Do you?” Jessica questioned as she pinched his arm. 
“Alright, listen here. Now, my mind is chock-full of you. Your countenance plays in my mind when I’m sleeping, working, and even eating. How I wish to marry you right away and hold your petite hand
every day…” 
Caspian’s confession truly astonished Jessica. She had always thought that he was a rough and tumble man, but over time, she started realizing that he was actually a very gentle man. He was good at making her happy and adept at sweet talk. Besides, he would protect and take care of her. On the whole, he had every single quality a man ought to possess. 
“Then, tell me what’s wrong with you lately,” Jessica murmured as she nestled into his arms. 
“I’ve been feeling rather irritable lately. For some reason, I just worry that something would happen to Larry abroad.” 
At long last, he told her the truth. 
Phew! Luckily, he’s worried about Larry and not Nancy Barrymore. Hearing that, a relieved smile tugged at Jessica’s lips. But still, he’s too concerned about Larry! 
Lifting her head, she bit him in disgruntlement. 
“Ow… Why did you do that?” 
“I bit you since you’re worried about your buddy instead of me,” Jessica muttered sourly while glowering at him. 
“That’s different! He’s my buddy, while you’re my wife!” 
For some inexplicable reason, warmth flooded Jessica when she heard the word “wife.” 
“Okay, I got it.” She continued snuggling into him, hugging him tightly around the waist with both hands.
“Caspian, did something happen to the company? It’s been such a long time, so why isn’t Larry back yet?” Joan inquired in a low voice as she stared at the man before her solemnly, her expression stained with unease. 
“No, it’s just an ordinary business trip, Joan,” Caspian immediately fibbed. 
Before Larry went abroad, he told Caspian that he was only to speak of the positive no matter what Joan asked. Anything negative was strictly prohibited. Although Caspian was indeed extremely worried about Larry’s safety, when it came to Joan, he would still choose to keep her in the dark. 
“Really? But his business trips in the past never exceeded a week,” Joan fretted. 
“Don’t worry, Joan. Larry is fine. The company has quite a lot of projects recently, so he’s advancing his career,” Caspian explained. 
But for some reason, Joan just couldn’t shake off the faint feeling of dread. Yet, she couldn’t put her finger on it. 
Perhaps I’m really reading too much into things. Considering Larry’s capabilities, he can’t be anything else but fine.
###Chapter 2472
Chapter 2472 
“What’s wrong, Joan? Are you feeling down? How about I phone Jessica and have her accompany you shopping?” As Caspian said that, he whipped out his cell phone and made the call right then and there. 
“No, no, it’s okay. She’s rather busy these days, so don’t bother her.” Joan immediately waved at him and left. 
“What is it?” 
A sleepy voice drifted out of the phone. 
“Why are you still sleeping at this hour?” 
Ugh! Why is this man such a busybody? So what if I want to sleep in? How is it his business that he’s criticizing me as soon as I answer his call? 
“Joan isn’t in a good mood today, so keep her company, okay? Just put your work aside first,” Caspian continued. 
All at once, fury consumed Jessica. 
What’s the meaning of this? He’s showing zero concern for his girlfriend, yet he’s worried about someone else’s girlfriend? Which of us is his woman, huh? 
“Not okay!” Jessica exclaimed loudly, her voice filled with indignance. 
Oh God, what’s her problem now? Wasn’t she just fine earlier? What’s with the one-eighty change? And considering her fierce personality, I’m going to be bullied every day if we get married in the future!
“Please? I’m serious. Joan is feeling down, so she needs someone to keep her company. Larry isn’t back yet, so accompany her shopping and perhaps catch a movie, okay?” Caspian persuaded. 
Why should I? I’m feeling even worse than she is, yet who’s going to keep me company? Jessica tilted her head to the side, her expression irate. 
“I’m not in a good mood either,” she blurted. 
That sudden declaration had Caspian’s heart abruptly dropping to rock bottom, and he shuddered. 
Who pissed her off now? Don’t tell me I’m the one who did that? 
“What’s wrong with you today, Baby? Who angered you? I’ll teach the person a lesson!” Caspian hurriedly cajoled. 
“Who do you think? Don’t you know who I spend most of my time with usually?” Jessica shot back sarcastically. 
Oh Lord! I’m done for! It’s really me who has offended her! 
“I’m sorry, Baby. Forgive me, please? I’ll treat you to a meal later, okay? We’ll go and eat whatever you want. Of course, I don’t mind if you want to eat me,” he murmured flirtatiously. 
Gah! He’s teasing me again! Pouting, Jessica hung up the phone. 
Joan is feeling down? But why? Is it because she misses Larry? If that’s the case, it’s no use even if I accompany her shopping! Jessica mused as she applied makeup while staring into the mirror. 
“Joan!” 
“Why are you here? Didn’t I tell Caspian…”
“It’s okay! I’ve got nothing to do either, so let’s go shopping, followed by eating and catching a movie!” Jessica clamored. “Today is girls’ day!” 
Subsequently, the two women set out to have fun together. 
However, no matter what they did and where they went, Larry’s countenance remained vivid in Joan’s mind. 
“Are you missing Larry, Joan?” Jessica suddenly asked while they were in a restaurant. 
I’m not missing him. Rather, I’m worried. As Joan stirred her coffee, she heaved a long sigh. 
“What’s the matter? Are you not happy?” Jessica pressed. 
“I just feel that something has happened to Larry overseas,” Joan admitted. 
Huh? That’s not likely, no? After all, Caspian hasn’t received any news! At a loss for words, Jessica fisted her hands tightly. 
“It’s been such a long time, but he’s not back yet. Besides, I even heard an unknown woman’s voice while talking on the phone with him that day,” Joan continued. 
In a flash, a light bulb went off in Jessica’s head. 
Ah, she’s worried that Larry will betray her! 
She gazed at the woman before her with a probing expression, her eyes dancing with mirth as she chuckled lightly. 
I never would’ve expected her to have such a concern!
“Don’t worry, Joan. Larry isn’t that kind of person. He really loves you a lot,” Jessica assured at once. 
Of course, I know Larry will never do anything to betray me! But who can guarantee that the women around him won’t hound him when foreign women are an open-minded bunch?
###Chapter 2473
Chapter 2473 
“Joan, if you’re really worried, why don’t you get Caspian to go over there and check it out?” Jessica suggested. 
Although Jessica was reluctant for Caspian to go overseas, she could empathize with Joan’s insecure feelings. Besides, it would just be a short trip; he was not going to remain overseas forever. 
“That’s alright. Caspian has been quite swamped lately. Let’s not put this on him.” 
“Alright then, if that’s your final decision. Come on, let’s go for a movie,” Jessica said while pulling Joan up and they left the restaurant in tandem. 
“Hold up there, you’re walking too fast!” Joan cried after Jessica. 
“Step on it, Joan, or we won’t make it!” Jessica did not slow down her pace. 
Jessica’s high spirits and exuberance were infectious; Joan finally let her hair down and decided to enjoy herself and have a good time. 
After spending time shopping, eating, and watching a movie, both of them felt thoroughly relaxed. 
“So, did you have a good time today?” Jessica asked while panting loudly. 
“Oh, I certainly did! Thanks for everything you did for me today, Jessica. I feel much better after letting my emotions out,” she said while patting softly at Jessica’s back. 
“Hey, don’t mention it. I’m counting on you to do the same when I’m feeling down in the future, haha…” 
The two then started chasing each other down the road like two street kids.
In the meantime, Caspian had attempted multiple phone calls to both Jessica and Joan, but to no avail. 
“Why didn’t any of them answer their phones?” Caspian muttered to himself while checking the time on the clock anxiously. 
Forget it. I’ll just go. Caspian picked up his phone and left his office. 
He had received a call from Larry a while ago urging him to go on an overseas trip immediately. Caspian wanted to bid goodbye to Jessica and Joan in person before he departed the country. It now seemed that the women were having so much fun they forgot about him. 
“We should go. It’s getting dark out there,” Joan said to Jessica and made a gesture to leave. 
“No, let’s just stay here. Caspian has been so busy he barely spends time with me. As for you, Larry is not home anyway, you may as well stay here to keep me company.” Jessica became tipsy and her speech was a little slurred. 
“Come on, Jessica, you already had enough to drink. We should really head home before Caspian gets worried,” Joan tried to reason with her. 
“Don’t worry, I’m not even half drunk. I can still keep going!” Jessica said and dragged her back onto the sofa. 
The two of them were in a nightclub that was bustling with men and women dancing together under the bright disco lights, some with their bodies closely intertwined. Joan and Jessica had chosen a corner seat where they could have a good time without interruption. 
“Jessica, can we please just go?” Joan pleaded while nudging her friend’s arm.
“No, I’m not going back now. Neither are you, Joan. Caspian has tasked me to cheer you up today. So that’s what I’m going to do!” Jessica’s voice grew louder with each sip of wine she took. 
Oh Lord, this woman is starting to give me a headache. 
“Hey, ladies. Do you need some company?” A man appeared in front of them. 
“No, I don’t need your company. Get away from us!” Jessica said and gave the man a hefty shove. 
“Are you sure? Don’t you feel kind of lonely that you two ladies are drinking to yourselves?” Undeterred, the man said while putting his arm on Jessica’s shoulder. 
The nerve this sleazebag has for taking advantage of me! Thump! In the next moment, the man was pinned onto the floor by Jessica. 
“I’m so sorry. Please let go of my arm before it comes off!” the man pleaded helplessly.
###Chapter 2474
Chapter 2474 
Joan was flabbergasted at what Jessica was capable of. 
“Piss off and leave us alone!” Jessica barked at the man. 
Damn b*tch! This is not over! The man rubbed his nose and scuttled away. 
“Jessica, that was incredible! When did you learn all these moves?” Joan asked in amazement. 
“Caspian was worried that someone might take advantage of me when I get drunk, so he insisted that I take this self-defense class. I’ve only just started not long ago. Isn’t this great? I’ll protect you from now on!” the woman proudly declared. 
That was some really good move. But the thing is, she’s not entirely sober right now. Joan let out a resigned sigh and fell silent. 
Meanwhile, the man who almost got his arm broken by Jessica reappeared at the scene with more of his kind. 
“It’s them!” the man announced loudly while pointing at Jessica and Joan in the corner. 
“What are you doing?” Joan studied the men and grew anxious. 
Jessica, on the other hand, was already dozing off on the table. 
“Such a pretty girl with a nice curvy body. Only if her temper was better.” A man who appeared to be the leader walked over and commented. 
“I’m not drunk! Whoever says I’m wasted will be sorry!” Without any warning, Jessica picked up an empty wine bottle and aimed it at a young man who stood merely yards away.
“Ahh!” The man winced in pain as blood started to trickle down from his head wound. 
Turning her head back to their table, Joan found Jessica to be nodding off again, as though she did not just hurl a beer bottle at a thug and break his head. Joan’s jaw dropped in astonishment. 
Can anyone be this sober and hammered at the same time? 
“Son of a b*tch! Wait till I—” the young man said while charging toward Jessica. 
“Stop it!” The older man called out. 
All of the man’s underlings froze on the ground as they waited for their leader’s instruction. 
Such a unique woman; so feisty even in her sleep! Very interesting. The man continued to gaze steadily at Jessica, who appeared to have passed out on the table, and smiled to himself. 
“Boss, what do we do now?” a man asked. 
“Leave us. I’m okay by myself here,” the man ordered. His eyes were glued to Jessica the whole time. 
The few of his men were caught by surprise. In normal times we would have settled the issue and on our way out by now. Something is off with him today. 
“So, um, we’ll just go?” 
“Yeah, and don’t come back here or wait for me.” The man waved at his underlings and gestured for them to retreat. 
Joan was baffled by the unexpected turn of events in the last few minutes. 
What is going on here? Is this person planning something else in his head?
“Jessica, wake up!” Joan raised her voice while patting Jessica’s back. 
“Miss, can’t you see that your friend is very tired, and she needs to rest right now?” the man commented casually. 
What’s up with this person? Joan ignored the man and continued to rouse Jessica from her slumber. 
“Oh, Joan, what’s your problem? Stop being so uptight and let your hair down a little. We’re here to have fun and enjoy our lives, aren’t we? Come on, let’s drink!” Jessica held out another glass of wine and exclaimed boisterously. 
“You’re right!” The man, too, raised his glass and clinked with hers. Joan could not help but gape at the sight. 
“You totally get me, my friend. She keeps worrying that someone is going to attack us in the dark. Can you tell her that she worries for nothing? We’re living in a society where people are more civilized and educated now, aren’t we?”
###Chapter 2475
Chapter 2475 
“You’re absolutely right. I must say, I really admire your attitude,” the man complimented. 
What exactly is happening here? Are they just two peas in a pod, or this man is harboring something malicious intent in his head? 
“Excuse us, but she has had enough to drink for today. It’s time to go home,” Joan said to the man and took over the wine glass from Jessica’s hand. 
“I’m not drunk. I’m still sober!” 
The man looked at Jessica and thought she was a cute drunk, whereas Joan had begun to feel uneasy at the pair’s exchanges. 
“Are you sure you have had enough?” The man questioned. 
“You got it, my friend. I’ve had a lot of fun today. Let’s hang out again next time,” Jessica said while slapping hard on the man’s shoulder. The woman then stood up and gestured at Joan to leave. 
“Where are you going? Are you abandoning me?” The man cried after them. 
“What abandoning rubbish are you talking about? It’s getting late now, don’t you need to go home?” Jessica turned around and yelled at the man as though he had asked the dumbest question. 
Jessica was probably the only person in the world who dared to point a finger at a mobster boss and gave him a lecture. Joan shuddered at her friend’s unruly manners, but soon composed herself, although she could not hide a glimpse of embarrassment in her eyes. 
“Oh dear Lord. We should really go now,” Joan pleaded with Jessica.
“What Lord are you talking about, Joan?” Jessica lowered her head and almost tripped over herself. 
“Why don’t I give you ladies a ride home?” The man said while making his way toward them. 
“That’s okay, um, Boss. I’m still sober, so I have no trouble getting us back home.” Joan immediately declined his offer. 
“Boss? Who are you calling, Joan? I’m the boss who’s going to take care of you from now on!” Jessica announced loudly while patted on her chest. 
The man was thoroughly amused by what he had just witnessed. 
I’ve never seen such an adorably childish woman in my life. Suddenly, the man extended his right hand and pulled Jessica into his arm. The playful look in his eyes intensified. 
“How about I call you Boss instead?” the man whispered into Jessica’s ear. 
Their bodies were almost adjoined as their eyes locked for several seconds. 
“Are you saying that you want to be my lackey?” Jessica put her palms on the man’s face and asked. 
The man only smiled and nodded. This woman is going mad! What’s with this lackey business in this pickle of a situation? If Caspian learns of this he is going to go through the roof! 
“Jessica, we really need to move our feet now! There are many things for you to settle tomorrow,” Joan reminded aloud. 
“Oh, that’s right. I have to get up early tomorrow. I need to get some sleep!” Jessica suddenly proclaimed and the two finally left in tandem. 
The man fell into deep thought watching the women disappear from the corner of his eyes.
The nightclub was still loud and rowdy. But he had lost all interests. 
“Say, you look rather lonely. Care to have a drink with me?” A woman in a mini skirt and low-cut tank top walked over and put her hand directly on his chest. 
The man pulled her into his embrace. The woman appeared to really enjoy herself when a chilly voice rang, “From now on, stay away from me.” The man then flung the woman away without any emotion. 
“Jasper, are you alright?” A few of his lackeys rushed in to check on their boss. 
“Jasper, the two of them just walked off. Should we—” 
“No, let them go. And nobody lays a finger on them, you get it?” Jasper growled. 
“Yes, Sir!” The booming sound of which startled a few onlookers.
###Chapter 2476
Chapter 2476 
“Also, find out all the drunken girl’s information. I want to know everything about her.” 
After leaving the nightclub, Joan helped Jessica sit down on a park bench. “Are you alright? Let’s just rest for a bit here.” 
“I don’t understand, why did you drink so much? It’s not like you need to wash down a heartbreak or anything,” Joan murmured. 
“Joan, I’m so sad. It hurts so bad.” Jessica revealed her true feelings all of a sudden and started sobbing in Joan’s arm. 
What on earth is happening? She was fine all day long, and now she just turned sorrow without any warning sign? 
Instead of pushing her for answers, Joan comforted the weeping woman by patting softly on her back. It was quite a while before Jessica managed to gather herself. 
“Jessica, tell me what’s going on,” Joan said while holding onto Jessica’s hands. 
“I’m okay. Just needed to blow off some steam that’s all.” Jessica sniffled and wiped off the tears on her face. 
“Silly woman, do I look like a three-year-old to you? You can tell me anything. Is Caspian mistreating you? If yes, I’ll call him up right now—” 
“No, Joan. It’s not him. It’s a relative of mine. She called me up today and just lashed out at me over the phone. She said I was a shameless and ungrateful b*tch…” Jessica finally confided in Joan.
According to Jessica, when her parents were still around, they had supported many of their relatives financially. When they passed away and Jessica was in need of financial help to jump-start her business, all the family members began avoiding her as though she was a contagious infection. It was Larry who had helped her recover most of the debts from them. Many of her relatives started to hold grudges against her ever since then. 
“It’s okay, stop crying now. I’m sure they are just stuck in their own way that’s all,” Joan continued to comfort her softly. 
“They even cursed me and said they wanted me dead. But they are all my closest family members!” Jessica’s voice choked up again. 
Ironically, family bond is the strongest, yet most fragile relationship in the world. Joan sighed helplessly. Her heart ached at the sight of her friend in such distress. 
“Jessica, listen to me, you have absolutely nothing to feel sorry for. There’s no way we can please everyone, so what we can do is focus on doing the right thing. The truth will speak for itself,” Joan spoke softly. 
Joan could empathize with Jessica because she, too, had been deeply hurt by someone she trusted most. 
Someone Joan thought as her best friend had been backstabbing her at every possible turn. This evil woman was none other than Gabriella Ward. 
“Alright now, let’s give Caspian a call so he can take you home,” Joan suggested. 
“No, I don’t want him to see me in this mess.” 
Amused by Jessica’s reply, Joan let out a chuckle and helped her up to wave down a cab.
“Enlighten me, why don’t you talk to Caspian about how you feel? You may feel better after letting it out.” 
“His work burden is as heavy as it is without me piling on with my own problems,” Jessica complained. 
“That’s nonsense. I’m sure Caspian will lend an ear if you allow him.” 
In the meantime, Caspian arrived at a hospital ward. “Larry, what happened to you?” he asked anxiously. I had a bad feeling that something was off with him. Now I finally know why. 
“It’s complicated. I’ll let you know in a minute, but can you promise not to mention any of this to Joan?” Larry said calmly. 
Caspian had always been loyal to Larry and never disobeyed his order. Given Larry’s condition, Caspian agreed that it would be a good idea to keep this from Joan and Jessica so they would not worry about him. 
“Here’s your meatloaf,” said a well-dressed woman who just walked into the ward. 
Caspian looked quizzically at the beautiful woman in great figure. 
“Who’s this? Aren’t you going to introduce us?” Della looked at Caspian and then turned to Larry.
###Chapter 2477
Chapter 2477 
“This is my best friend, Caspian,” Larry replied. 
“Hi, how is it going?” Caspian greeted the woman politely. 
He smiled courteously at her. Caspian could tell from the woman’s demeanor that she came from a prominent background. 
“Hi, I’m Della, Larry’s girlfriend,” she replied bluntly. 
Caspian was dumbfounded. Larry was stirred up by Della’s self-serving reply and growled at her, “Della, watch your mouth!” 
Despite his serious ion, Della did not seem to care at all about the man’s perspective. 
“Um, Larry, care to explain what’s going on here?” Caspian stammered. 
“It’s as simple as what you are witnessing. Larry Norton here is my boyfriend. I’m Della Duff, his girlfriend,” Della announced matter-of-factly. 
Her explanation did little to alleviate Caspian’s confusion as his gaze shifted between Larry and Della in befuddlement. 
How is this possible? Larry only has eyes for Joan, it’s unlikely that he has fallen for another girl. Was there some kind of accident that I don’t know about? 
“Caspian, don’t listen to her. It’s all nonsense,” Larry tried to explain. 
“Why are you so shy? That’s not how I remember you,” Della said while lifting the man’s chin playfully with her finger.
Why are they interacting so intimately? Caspian took a step back instinctively and attempted to retreat from the ward when the man on the hospital bed called out, “You stop right there!” 
Caspian stopped midstride and asked, “Yes, Larry?” 
“Who said you can excuse yourself?” Larry barked. 
Caspian floundered, not knowing what to do next. Do I just stand here while the two flirt? I can’t watch that any longer! At last, he smiled awkwardly and fell silent. 
“There’s something I need to discuss with Caspian. Leave us alone,” Larry said aloofly to Della. 
Instead of being offended by the man’s indifference, Della paused briefly before retreating from the ward. 
“Nice meeting you.” Della patted Caspian’s shoulder and smiled sweetly. 
“Come over here!” Larry bellowed at Caspian who was left in a daze. 
“Hey, Larry. What’s your order? Just say the word and it’ll be done.” 
He can’t possibly believe Della’s blabber? Larry studied the man’s expression closely. 
“Can you just pretend you haven’t seen anything just now?” 
But I did see what happened! Caspian found himself in a great dilemma as he scratched the back of his head. 
“Can’t you do it?” Larry asked.
“Frankly, it would be a lot easier if you just tell me what happened between you two.” This will make more sense than forgetting what I have seen. 
Larry pondered on Caspian’s suggestion. Given his impulsive personality, it is quite possible that he may accidentally blab about Della in front of Joan. 
After much deliberation, Larry decided to come clean and told Caspian about everything that had transpired. 
“Larry, you should have told me sooner. You have no idea how much we were concerned for your safety back home. Although you didn’t tell us you had been in an accident, Joan and I were so worried we couldn’t sleep every night thinking that something terrible might have happened to you!” Caspian was practically yelling at the end of his sentence. 
This was the first time he raised his voice at Larry. 
Nevertheless, Larry was not offended, knowing that Caspian had just channeled his concerns into anger. 
“Haven’t I just told you everything? Can you please calm down?” 
Caspian fell silent. The air became still in the room as tension grew. Caspian sat down on the sofa and tilted his head away from Larry to demonstrate his protest. 
Since when has he become such a child? Larry looked at Caspian and wondered to himself.
###Chapter 2478
Chapter 2478 
Must be bad influence from Jessica. 
“So, how’s Jessica? Is she alright?” Larry tried to change the subject and deescalate the tension in the room. 
“She’s alright. Everything is okay back home. We were just worried about you,” Caspian replied. 
“That’s good.” 
In a corner outside Larry’s ward, Della said to her bodyguards, “Don’t worry about the Caspian fellow.” 
“You got it.” 
“But don’t let down your guard on Larry.” 
She knew that Larry had called Caspian over to assist him in a plan that he was not ready to share with her. 
In another development, Malcolm was imprisoned in a hotel by his brother. He was now watching television in a hotel room while his limbs were all tied up. 
“How is it going over there, Malcolm?” Matthew asked with a smile. 
“Can’t complain,” Malcolm answered nonchalantly. 
Right now, I’m just thankful to be still alive. 
“Tell me, Malcolm, how did you know Della and what’s your relationship with her?” Matthew shot his brother a few questions at once.
Malcolm was slightly taken aback but soon pretended that he had heard nothing and let out a chuckle. 
What’s he laughing about? Matthew darted to his brother’s side and glared at him with unblinking eyes. 
“Speak!” 
“There’s not much to talk about. I’ve collaborated with tons of people in the past. I can’t possibly remember each one of them, can I?” Malcolm teased. 
He knew that the sudden appearance of Della on the scene could have something to do with Larry. I know Larry, he will try to save me at all costs. 
“Well, she is going to acquire our company.” Matthew tried to dangle a piece of information as bait. 
Huh? Is he worried now? Malcolm sneered. 
He should have worried a long while ago. If he had demonstrated any managerial quality in the past, I wouldn’t have needed to work myself so hard all these years. 
“Your phone is ringing.” Malcolm glanced at the coffee table and reminded his brother. 
“Hi, Ms. Duff, to what do I owe the pleasure for this phone call?” Matthew feigned an excited voice as he spoke loudly into the phone. 
“Mr. Matthew, how’s the consideration coming along?” Della asked indifferently on the line. 
What consideration? There’s no way I’m considering that! 
“Ms. Duff, I’m not trying to be difficult. But the fact is, my brother is really busy at the moment.” 
Here we go again. If he likes to dance, let’s dance.
“Well, in that case, you’re leaving me no choice. If I don’t see Mr. Lancaster by this afternoon, I’ll start working at your office tomorrow morning,” Della said while preparing to hang up the call. 
“Hold on, Ms. Duff. Let’s talk for a moment, shall we?” Matthew pleaded. 
This woman doesn’t allow any room for discussions at all! A menacing smile flashed across Della’s face as she said, “Alright then, I’m willing to wait until 12 a.m. tonight. After that, your company is mine.” 
The woman ended the call before Matthew could respond. 
That b*tch! Why is she in such a hurry? Matthew started to pace anxiously in the room. 
He did not want anyone meeting his brother. His plan was to let Malcolm disappear quietly from the surface of the earth. But his current situation did not allow him to expedite his plan. He was now caught between a rock and a hard place. 
Malcolm, who was sitting on a sofa, looked at his brother with a satisfied smile on his face. 
It usually takes a crisis for someone to discover their talents, sometimes even grow into leadership. Unfortunately, he just doesn’t have what it takes to be in a leader position. 
“So, not knowing what to do next?” Malcolm broke the silence. 
Matthew shot him a nasty glance but did not utter a word. He did not anticipate things to get out of hands so quickly. 
“You really have some guts to have crossed Ms. Duff!” Matthew complained loudly. 
Malcolm looked away and avoided his brother’s glare. This matter must somehow concern me, or Matthew will not have shown up here at this hour.
“You are going to meet with her tonight,” Matthew finally announced.
###Chapter 2479
Chapter 2479 
Meet that Della? Malcolm whipped around to fix him with an incredulous stare, waiting for what Matthew had to say next. 
“She asked for you specifically. And don’t try anything,” his brother warned him. 
“Try anything”? He wasn’t as cruel as his merciless little brother who would do anything and everything in order to achieve his goals. 
“Is it about the partnership?” Malcolm asked. 
There was no other reason why Matthew would allow him to go meet Della. 
“Yes. As long as you get her to agree to cooperate with us, our company will expand by miles and miles. So you absolutely have to get her on board, alright?” Matthew suddenly softened, clutching Malcolm’s arm tightly as he pleaded. 
So he does care about the company’s future! This newfound revelation comforted Malcolm somewhat. 
Later, the three of them gathered at a fancy Western restaurant. 
“Ms. Duff, this is my elder brother and the owner of our company,” Matthew politely introduced them to each other over the dinner table. 
She slowly lifted her head to stare at Malcolm, nodding silently in acknowledgment. 
“Hello, Ms. Duff.” Malcolm reached his right hand out. 
“Hello,” she replied, shaking his hand.
At least she has manners. He faintly smiled as he glanced over the woman in front of him. Beside him, Matthew’s mouth fell open. He had never once seen Della smile since the first time he met her. 
It seemed there was much more to their relationship than it appeared on the surface. 
“Right. Mr. Matthew, I need to have this conversation with Malcolm alone, so I’d appreciate it if you left us for a while,” Della said, turning her attention to him. 
Is she chasing me away? What the hell! I’d been the one who set up this meeting between them! 
“Of course. I’ll be in the washroom if you need me.” With a stony expression, he got up from his chair and made a beeline for the restaurant’s washroom. 
“It’s nice to meet you, Mr. Lancaster. Larry sent me,” Della cut straight to the chase. 
Malcolm merely smiled and didn’t say anything. He’d long guessed that this had been Larry’s idea. 
She picked up her phone and dialed someone’s number, speaking curtly into the receiver, “Your friend is right in front of me. Talk to him.” She then handed the phone to him. 
He knew what she was doing, and played along. 
After being in the business sector for a while, you eventually develop a sort of silent understanding with other businesspeople. In other words, Della wanted him to prove his identity. 
“Mr. Lancaster, it’s me, Larry,” the man on the other side immediately greeted. 
Malcolm’s voice shook as he told Larry gratefully, “Mr. Norton, how are you doing? I’m very thankful that you’ve been keeping me in your thoughts all this while.”
“I’m fine, Mr. Lancaster. Don’t worry about me,” Larry reassured him. “I’ve asked Della to come and rescue you, so don’t be scared.” 
The two of them exchanged a few more simple sentences before Malcolm handed the phone back to Della, who ended the call. 
“Keep it brief; what is Matthew’s ive? To force you off your high position and take control of the company? Or to kill you?” Della had never been a fan of beating around the bush. 
“Both,” he answered in a low voice. 
If it weren’t for her fierce requests to meet up with him, his little brother would have had him buried six feet under a long time ago. 
“Do you have a plan?” she inquired. 
“He’s completely taken control of me and the company, as well as ruined my reputation.” 
Not many people believed that Malcolm would have done such horrible things for his own profit, but there were also some out there who believed that there wouldn’t be smoke without a fire. 
“Alright. Leave everything up to me,” she nodded, picking up a piece of meat and savoring it deliciously. 
Out of nowhere, Matthew suddenly appeared by their tableside. “How are things getting along with my brother, Ms. Duff?”
###Chapter 2480
Chapter 2480 
In the hospital ward, Caspian was sitting by Larry’s bedside, feeling simultaneously desperate and helpless. 
“When can we go back to the country, Larry?” 
“What? But you’ve just arrived?” Larry shot back with another question. Caspian hung his head. 
Able to tell that Caspian likely missed his lover back home, Larry spoke up, “Go make a phone call to Jessica.” 
The man slowly pulled out his phone and shot Larry a grateful smile before running out of the room. Larry took a glance at his own phone and opened up the gallery app, staring wistfully at his photos. 
Ding! A text had come in from Joan. 
What are you doing? 
Those four simple words encompassed all of the love and care she had for him. 
I’m working, he instantly replied. His phone didn’t ring again after that. 
He’d sent that on purpose, knowing that she would not bother him while he was at work. He didn’t have any other idea as to how he could hide everything that was happening from her. 
“Where’s Larry?” Nancy asked Joan pointedly. 
“He’s out of the country for a business trip,” came Joan’s flat answer. 
“When is he coming back?”
“I don’t know. He seems a little busier than usual, but he said he’ll be back soon.” 
So Joan was still unaware. Nancy sighed, staring at her friend with sad eyes. 
She’d always been of the opinion that Larry and Joan’s love was one of the purest, strongest things on earth. Now, that didn’t seem to be true anymore. 
“What’s wrong, Nancy? Is something on your mind?” Joan instantly paused what she was doing. 
There was indeed something on her mind, but she couldn’t tell her that it concerned Joan’s and Larry’s future together. 
“Nothing! All I’m thinking about is my husband and my child,” she shrugged it off. 
Patting her shoulder reassuringly, Joan said, “You’re so lucky. Look how cute your kid is! Hi, sweetie!” 
She reached her hand out, laughing as she tickled the baby happily. 
Her heart skipped a beat when she realized that it’d been a long time since she’d seen such a young child. 
“If you like babies so much, why don’t you try for another one with Larry?” 
“What are you talking about? I don’t have the time,” Joan rolled her eyes. Nancy’s face fell, doubting that time was the real problem at hand. 
Jory, also on a business trip out of the country, had unexpectedly bumped into Larry and Della. 
He’d seen how closely she clung to Larry and had told Nancy about it, which was why she couldn’t bring herself to look Joan in the eye without feeling a pang of guilt.
“I heard that Gabriella was discharged from the hospital,” she brought up. She saw Joan’s movements freeze for a split second before returning to playing with the baby, pretending as if she hadn’t heard anything. 
“Are you listening to me, Joan?” Nancy pressed on. 
“I did. I just never want to hear that woman’s name ever again.” 
Joan was trying to hold onto her hard-earned lesson of “forgive and forget”, instead of reminiscing the past. 
She’d experienced negative emotions such as betrayal, pain, sadness, agony, and so forth for the first time in her life all because of Gabriella. 
“I’ve arrived!” Jessica’s voice suddenly called out loudly, snapping Joan back to reality. 
“How’d you find the time to come visit? I thought you were swamped with work,” Nancy gasped, wrapping an arm around Jessica’s shoulders. 
“I’m here to visit my fiancé’s ex-wife, of course,” Jessica joked. 
Joan’s mind blanked. She glanced at Nancy, then back at Jessica, feeling the atmosphere around them grow tense. 
The next second, both women burst out into laughter, leaving Joan reeling from shock.
###Chapter 2481
Chapter 2481 
“Did we scare you, Joan?” giggled Nancy. 
Jessica also chimed in, “It was all just a joke!” 
How could they do this to me? Joan carefully set down the baby in her arms, acting as if she was about to storm off. 
“Don’t go, Joan! You’re the bestest best friend in the whole wide world!” Nancy cried out, hugging Joan’s arm with a sad, puppy-dog expression. 
“And the bestest sister-in-law in the world, too!” Jessica whined cutely, clutching onto Joan’s other arm. 
Joan wondered if the two women were taking the “the world’s a stage” saying a little too seriously with how dramatic they were being. 
“Now that all three of us are here, let’s go shopping!” Jessica suggested. 
“But what about the baby?” 
“Help me look after the baby!” Nancy shouted out in the direction of a butler standing near them. 
“Yes, madam. Please be careful while you’re out,” came the butler’s polite reply. 
So they’d planned this! Joan glared at the both of them, rendered speechless as they all picked up their handbags and headed out. 
“No alcohol for the both of you!” Joan ordered during the drive, her face dead serious.
She was more than familiar with the chaotic shenanigans Nancy and Jessica would get up to while drunk. 
“Wanna go visit a bar by ourselves, Jessica?” Nancy asked out loud, purposefully ignoring Joan. 
“Sure! I haven’t had a proper drink in so long.” 
Were they out of their minds? Jessica had just been to the nightclub barely more than a week ago! 
“Do you remember what happened the last time you were drunk, Jessica?” Joan frowned, staring at her through the rearview mirror. Unbeknownst to her, Jessica truly didn’t remember. 
“Relax, it’ll be fine! We have Nancy around this time to protect us, don’t we?” Jessica replied cheerfully. 
She couldn’t recall the incident with the guy at the nightclub last time, but she had a deep-seated gut feeling that something bad must have happened. Joan wouldn’t be so worried over her otherwise. 
“Of course! I’ll do my best to protect you all!” Nancy boldly declared and beat her own chest in a show of bravery. 
What had Joan done in her past life for her to meet these two women in her current one? 
“Both of you are useless,” she grumbled. “Mark my words: you’re both going to end up piss drunk and I’m going to have to be the one to drag you both home.” 
Nancy and Jessica exchanged a mischievous look. 
“Then get drunk with us!” they suggested in unison. 
“No way!” Joan argued. “Neither Larry, Jory, nor Caspian are in the country. What if something happens to us when we’re all drunk? We can go to a movie or karaoke, just not a bar!”
The two women sighed, shrugging their shoulders in defeat. 
Nancy suddenly perked up again. “If we can’t go to a bar, then let’s buy some alcohol and go home to drink! It’s safe at home, right? We can be as crazy as we want to!” 
“She’s right! Then it’s settled!” Jessica whooped. 
Lord, save me. Joan shook her head exasperatedly. Their idea did sound doable, though. 
“Come on, Joan! Smile!” Nancy hugged her from the backseat, smacking a loud kiss on her cheek. “You’re the prettiest woman in the world, aren’t you?” 
Joan eventually caved in. 
“No one goes home sober tonight,” Nancy announced later that night at her house, bottles upon bottles of beer and wine on the living room table. “Actually, no— you guys don’t even need to head home. You can just sleepover at my house.”
###Chapter 2482
Chapter 2482 
“Nonsense,” Joan rolled her eyes. “I can’t get drunk; I still need to head home to make dinner for my kid.” 
Unbeknownst to her, she was already buzzed. 
“I really respect you, Joan, and I’m super grateful for your companionship all this time,” Jessica hiccupped out, a mug of beer in one hand. “Especially since that stupid Caspian just flew out of the country without telling me anything! If it weren’t for you, I’d have gone over there myself to teach him a lesson or two.” 
“You can’t do that! Caspian has his own dignity too, no? All you need to do is take care of your own business. And it’s not as if he’s never called to ask how you’re doing; it’s just that the one time he did, you didn’t pick up the call because you were drunk,” Joan argued. 
The two women waved their hands in the air animatedly as they debated back and forth. 
Jessica complained loudly, “No, he clearly doesn’t care about me at all! I’m going through the worst time of my life and he can’t even give me a single word of reassurance! What kind of boyfriend does that? Sometimes I wonder if he really sees me as his girlfriend!” 
Nancy watched over them with an exasperated gaze. 
She’d barely even gotten started drinking, yet her two friends were already this drunk? She turned around to grab some more bottles of alcohol. 
“Wait, you guys have alcohol here? Then why did we have to go out to buy it?” Jessica demanded, pointing right at the bottle in Nancy’s hands.
“This is our family’s most treasured heirloom! We don’t usually take it out to drink,” Nancy pouted, kissing the glass bottle and making Jessica roll her eyes. 
“It’s just a bottle of wine, not your ex-boyfriend! Besides, who else are you going to drink it with if not with us? Jory’s so rich, it’s not as if he’ll care if we drink this one bottle.” 
The three women gradually lost track of time, shouting, partying, and letting go of their inhibitions as they continued drinking in the living room. One of the housemaids contemplated going over to tell them to lower their voices, but eventually decided against it. Drunk women were one of the scariest beings on earth. 
“Come on! Cheers, Joan! I hope that you and Larry will reconcile and give birth to a beautiful baby as soon as possible!” hollered Nancy. 
“What are you talking about?” Jessica cut in. “Joan and Larry have been going strong since forever!” 
Although Nancy’s words rubbed her feathers the wrong way, Joan decided to brush it off, figuring that Nancy was still unaware that she and Larry had already made up a long time ago. 
The butler soon discovered the three women sound asleep, their bodies draped over various pieces of furniture as they snored. Sighing, the housemaids gathered some blankets and made sure to tuck them in as securely as they could. 
The next day, sunlight shined in through the glass windows and warmed the smooth surface of the floor. Joan’s eyes blearily fluttered open, slowly reaching up to massage her temples in an attempt to ease the migraine she had. 
“What…” she mumbled out. It took her a while for her brain to register the sight before her. 
On her left was Jessica’s curled-up body, and to her right lay an asleep Nancy.
Why am I sleeping with them…? Joan held her head in her hands, trying with all her might to recall the events of last night. It was only when she spotted the empty bottles of beer and wine on the table that all her memories came rushing back to her. 
Oh my god. I must have lost my mind! She scolded herself internally. 
“Don’t go…” Nancy mumbled, somehow finding Joan’s arm without having to open her eyes and holding onto it with a death grip. 
Joan pushed and pulled, struggling to break free from her grasp. “Nancy, let go! I need to go to the washroom.” 
Her efforts proved futile. Nancy had near-superhuman strength that she was no match for. It seemed that the legend of “women grow stronger after having given birth” was true after all.
###Chapter 2483
Chapter 2483 
Nancy shifted in her sleep. “Don’t go, Jory…” 
Jory? I’m Joan, for goodness’ sake! ”Wake up!” Joan shouted. “Take a good look and see who I am!” 
To her left, Jessica was also sleep-talking as she neared Joan, wrapping her arms around Joan’s waist. “When are you coming home, Caspian? I miss you…” 
It didn’t look as if she would be able to go to the washroom anytime soon. Relegating herself to her fate, Joan sat silently on the sofa and let herself be used as a human bolster. The three of them appeared peaceful and cozy at first sight, but if you looked closer, you would be able to tell that Joan was pissed. 
“Ugh, I’m so tired…” After what seemed like an eternity, Nancy finally woke up, stretching her back out and yawning. 
Who’s the more tired person here? Without a second word, Joan glared at Nancy as she pushed her off of her. 
Soon after, Jessica also let go of Joan’s arm, and Joan took the chance to scramble to her feet and make a beeline for the washroom without having even worn her slippers. 
“What’s wrong? What’s got her in such a tizzy?” Jessica rubbed her eyes drowsily. 
“I don’t know. I didn’t even see where she was headed for.” 
“Ms. Watts went to the washroom, madam. She’s been wanting to go for quite a while now, but couldn’t because you and Ms. Zimmer were holding her back,” a housemaid helpfully supplied.
Hearing that, the two women burst out into a fit of laughter. 
“Are you okay, Joan?” 
“Yeah, Joan. Is there a problem?” 
Joan could hear her friends giggle to themselves as she sat on the toilet in the washroom. 
When she came out after a while, Nancy pointedly said, “Sorry for clinging onto you while I was asleep.” 
“How are you feeling?” Jessica chirped up. 
The three of them exchanged looks, chuckling to themselves. 
After helping clean up the mess they’d caused in the living room, Jessica and Joan both left Nancy’s house. Jessica had to go sort out some things at the bookstore, while Joan needed to go home to help Delilah with her gardening. 
“Where were you last night? Why didn’t you come home?” Delilah casually inquired while in the backyard. 
Joan instantly responded, “I went to Nancy’s house last night. We fooled around for too long, so I ended up sleeping over.” 
“You got drunk, didn’t you?” 
“Just a little,” Joan coughed awkwardly. 
“Have you been calling Larry recently? Why hasn’t he come home after so long?” Delilah lamented, furrowing her eyebrows together.
“I did! He said he’s busy with work.” 
That didn’t sound right. Under normal circumstances, Larry would always ask after his family and sometimes even call up Lucius, no matter how busy he was. But recently, she’d heard nothing from him at all. Delilah was starting to grow worried. 
“What is he doing whenever you talk with him over the phone?” 
“He used to say that he was busy whenever I called him, so I later switched to just texting him. Even then, he constantly says that he has lots of work to be done. I have no idea what he’s up to either,” Joan grumbled. 
Larry wasn’t like this in the past! He used to always take some time out of his day to make small talk with her regardless of how busy he was. 
“Do you think something happened to him?” Delilah fretted. 
“That’s impossible!” Joan quickly refuted, having never considered the idea at all. “He’s always been healthy and in good shape. I’m sure he’s fine.” 
Something wasn’t right here. Shaking her head, Delilah walked out of the garden. 
She pulled out her phone and immediately found Larry’s contact, dialing his number without an ounce of hesitation. 
Meanwhile, Caspian glanced at Larry. “It’s from Ms. Young. Do you want to answer it?”
###Chapter 2484
Chapter 2484 
“No,” came Larry’s cold answer. 
It was better to have as little communication with his family as possible so they wouldn’t find out about his condition. But his phone kept ringing and showed no signs of stopping unless he picked it up. His patience running thin, Larry gestured for Caspian to put the call on loudspeaker. 
“Hello, Ms. Young,” he greeted. 
“You little brat! Where were you? How dare you not answer my call!” Delilah sneaked a glance over her shoulder at Joan, who was still keeping herself occupied in the garden. 
“I was busy and didn’t know that my phone was ringing, Ms. Young…” 
“Bullcrap! Tell me what happened to you!” 
Damn this woman’s sixth sense. How did she know? Of course, that didn’t mean that Larry was going to spill everything to her. 
“Nothing, Ms. Young. You’re overthinking things. I’m doing alright, just swamped with work and as a result, unable to call home often,” Larry explained. 
He was lying again. Delilah clenched her fists, her fingernails digging into her palms. 
“If you don’t tell me what’s going on right this instant, then you can’t blame me for not keeping Joan in check and making sure she doesn’t get swept off her feet by some other guy!” she warned. 
That got his attention. 
“Ms. Young, you must absolutely not tell anyone what I am about to tell you. Especially not Joan.”
“Stop beating around the bush. Get it out!” 
Larry ended up confessing to Delilah about everything, trusting that she would keep her promise. 
“I understand,” reassured Delilah. “Take good care of yourself over there! And don’t worry too much about us; Joan’s doing fine and has no clue. She just thinks that you’re busy with work.” 
She understood how Larry must be feeling; after all, who would be willing to stay in a foreign country for such a long time for no apparent reason? Sighing, she went back to the garden. 
“What were you doing, Ms. Young?” Joan gave her a sidelong glance as she snipped away at some old branches. 
“I went out for a break, that’s all.” She had no intention of revealing the truth that Larry was actually injured. 
“Grandma, Mommy, why hasn’t Daddy come home yet? I haven’t seen him in a while… I miss him.” Pouting, Lucius threw himself into his mother’s arms. 
Everyone in the family was eagerly anticipating Larry’s return home. 
“He’s still working,” Joan told him. “He’ll come back after a while longer, okay?” 
Lucius had been asking about Larry’s whereabouts since the first day the man had left the country. 
“Come on, Lucius,” Delilah called out from the kitchen. “Let your mom rest; it’s been a long day for her. I’ve made fish stew for you!” 
Lucius massaged Joan’s shoulders briefly in apology. “Sorry, Mommy.” 
She couldn’t help the content smile that grew on her face, ruffling her son’s hair.
As the three of them sat down in the dining room to eat breakfast, Joan distantly thought to herself that the table seemed empty. 
“Your father will come home soon, so don’t worry too much about him. Rather than thinking about him all day, you should be thinking about how you can get good grades so that he’ll be happy when he returns,” Delilah chided, making sure to give the child more servings. 
Lucius tilted his head to one side in confusion. “You keep talking about grades, Grandma. I’m already the top scorer in our class, so why do I need to keep working hard?” 
How could he think that he doesn’t need to work hard just because he’s the top scorer? Who taught him these wrong ideas? Delilah narrowed her eyes, sitting up straighter in her chair. 
“As long you work hard enough, you will be able to achieve anything you want. Of course, you can’t rush the process, or else you’ll end up biting off more than you can chew,” she patiently told him.
###Chapter 2485
Chapter 2485 
The kid didn’t really understand the true implications of Delilah’s words, but they made sense to him. 
“You’re right, Grandma. I’ll continue working harder and better so that I can surpass even Daddy!” Lucius declared, throwing his hands up in the air and startling Joan sitting beside him. 
“So?” Delilah pressed on. 
“So I have to do my best in school and get better grades to show Daddy!” 
Afterward, Lucius went back to his room while Joan sat on a sofa in the living room and stared off into space. She felt tired, but strangely couldn’t fall asleep. 
Delilah soon approached her, asking kindly, “What’s wrong? Are you in a bad mood?” 
“Maybe I should fly out of the country too,” Joan said, more to herself than to the older woman. “I want to see Larry.” 
“You can’t!” Delilah shouted. 
Her reaction confused Joan. “Ms. Young?” 
“No, I meant to say— If you leave, then what about Lucius and I?” Delilah quickly added. 
“I’ll just go to check if he’s alright and then come back right after.” 
“That won’t do either!” 
The issue was soon resolved thanks to the pressure Della was applying on them, and the company eventually fell back under Malcolm’s management. Although Matthew had been incredibly reluctant to
do so, he didn’t want for the company to be controlled by some outsider either. 
“What should we do now, Mr. Matthew? It doesn’t seem like we can go back anymore,” his assistant reminded him. 
He knew that he’d actually been kicked out of the company by Della, but he wasn’t going to admit that to himself anytime soon. 
“We’ll have to wait and see.” With that, he stormed off. 
Everything had returned to the way it once was. Malcolm’s reputation had been cleared, and the scandals surrounding his name were all proven false. The only unfortunate thing was that Matthew had managed to escape. Matthew had found someone else to take the fall for his mistakes, but Malcolm didn’t plan on going after him. After all, Matthew was his little brother. 
In his office, he expressed his gratitude towards Della. “Thank you so much for your help, Ms. Duff. I wouldn’t have been able to return to the company without your efforts.” 
She could hear the complete sincerity in his voice. She felt content, not because of Malcolm’s words of appreciation, but because Larry hadn’t helped the wrong person this time. 
“No problem. If there’s anyone you should really be thanking, it’s Larry. He was the one who asked me to help.” 
Her eyes were full of affection at the mere mention of Larry, causing Malcolm to feel a tinge of worry. 
“Ms. Duff, there’s something that you might not know…” he trailed off, stopping himself to watch her expression.
What is he being so apprehensive for? Her gaze turned to one of disdain. She hated people who wouldn’t get to the point in conversations, especially men. 
“Say it or I’m leaving,” she ordered. 
“It’s just that— I’ve heard that Mr. Norton already has a girlfriend.” 
Realization dawned upon Della. He wanted to make her face the reality that Larry would never actually return her feelings. But that was impossible. There was no way that the man wouldn’t feel anything for her as long as she continued giving him all of her time and attention. 
“That is none of your concern. I have my own methods of doing things.” She stood up and picked up her handbag, making to leave the office. “You can just sit and wait for the future wedding invitation.” 
Malcolm’s stare dimmed as he watched her walk away. Perhaps he should pay Larry a visit at the hospital and give him a warning. 
“What exactly is going on between you and that Della girl, Larry? She’s all over you and way too caring towards you. You clearly don’t share a normal friendship,” Caspian stated, raising an eyebrow.
###Chapter 2486
Chapter 2486 
“Shut up!” the man laying on the hospital bed retorted loudly. “I don’t want to talk about it.” 
But you can’t run away from reality forever! On one hand, Joan was patiently waiting for his return back home. On the other hand, Della was bending over backward to help Larry in any way she could. He had to make a choice between these two women sooner or later! 
Caspian could understand if he ended up choosing Joan, but that would mean having to let Della down. If he chose Della, that would mean abandoning Joan. 
Caspian doubted that he would be able to make the decision if he were in Larry’s shoes. 
He could clearly tell that a strong, independent woman such as Della letting her guard down and softening when in front of Larry meant that she was truly in love with him. Besides, Caspian did acknowledge that Della was quite the perfect woman, with all the ideal traits that men usually looked for in a lover. 
“Have you ever felt your heart skip a beat because of Della?” he pressed on nosily. 
Larry turned to level him with a stern stare. “Are you trying to get yourself fired, Caspian?” 
Caspian instantly fell silent, the atmosphere in the room growing tense and awkward until they heard a knock on the door. 
Malcolm entered the ward, a handful of gifts in his arms. “How are you, Mr. Norton? Feeling any better?” 
“Much better, Mr. Lancaster. Has everything at the company been handled accordingly?” Larry inquired.
He hadn’t forgotten why he’d come here in the first place. 
“Yes, everything is back to the way it once was, and the partnership with your company is still upheld. The details for the orders for the products have also returned to normal, but…” 
Larry stiffened slightly, his expression serious as he gazed at the fidgety man in front of him. 
“… But, you also need to handle your relationships, Mr. Norton.” 
Caspian did a double-take. 
So even Mr. Lancaster could see that Della treated Larry differently compared to how she treated other people. 
“What are you talking about, Mr. Lancaster?” Larry feigned ignorance. 
“I can tell that Ms. Duff is clearly trying to earn your affections. You should watch out for her; after all, you are a married man.” Malcolm reached out and patted Larry’s shoulder, who looked awkward. “I’m fine now, so don’t worry about me. You should take the chance and leave the country while you still can.” 
Malcolm was implying that Larry should still pull himself out of this sticky situation while Della’s feelings for him had yet to reach the point where she became fatally obsessed with him. 
“I understand,” Larry replied curtly. 
The truth was that Della would sacrifice anything and everything in order to get something she wanted, no matter the cost. 
“What did you understand? Are you really going to go back to your home country?” Della suddenly appeared out of nowhere, strutting into the hospital ward.
All three men’s eyes widened in shock at the sight of her, and Malcolm felt his heart drop to the bottom of his stomach. 
“I still have work to tend to, so I’ll be taking my leave and come back another day,” Malcolm hurriedly got to his feet and left the room. 
Larry turned his head slightly to glance at Caspian, who read his cue and stood up to show Malcolm out. 
“What’s all this I hear about your heart skipping a beat, or going back home?” Della asked, smoothing out Larry’s blanket. 
“I’m nearly fully recovered, so I’ll be able to return home soon,” came his flat reply. 
“And what if I miss you?” She took a seat by his bedside. 
“Don’t,” he asserted. “I won’t be interacting with you outside of work from now on.” 
How cruel! She’d just helped him resolve one of his problems, and now he was going to act as if they were mere strangers? 
Huffing, Della sat up straighter and looked him dead in the eye. “I’m going to make things clear to you, Larry: I like you, and I want to marry you.”
###Chapter 2487
Chapter 2487 
Caspian, who’d just been about to enter the room, instantly stopped in his tracks and backed out. 
It was better to leave this to the two of them to talk out among themselves; an outsider watching them would make everything more awkward than it needed to be. 
“Della, I need you to understand that I have a girlfriend who is also my ex-wife. We’re also getting remarried soon,” Larry told her firmly, suppressing his rising feelings of panic. 
He understood all too well that Della was not someone who easily gave up on something she wanted. 
“But I really like you, Mr. Norton! You’re the first man whom I’ve ever loved this much and the first man who I honestly want to marry!” Della pouted, clinging onto his arm as she stared deeply into his eyes. 
What was he supposed to do? He would never betray Joan for the rest of his life, and he truly did feel nothing for this woman in front of him. 
“I can give you anything you want, whether it be money, power, or land! Just say it, and it’ll be yours! Everything that is mine could be yours!” she cried out desperately, holding him tightly as if he was going to disappear any second. 
“Do you think I lack any of those?” Larry shot back. 
He had a point. Even though Norton Corporation had yet to expand internationally, its potential was not to be underestimated. 
“Be with me, Larry? I’ll make sure to deal with Joan properly, I promise!”
“Deal with”? By giving her money? It’s not as if Joan wants that. ”I’ll find her a good son of a wealthy family…” 
Larry couldn’t help himself from letting out a bark of laughter. Joan didn’t need any of that, nor did she care for any of it! 
“Stop fooling around! I’m absolutely going back home to my country, so don’t ever pester me anymore! I’m truly grateful to you for helping Mr. Lancaster, and if you need any of my help in business matters in the future, I will certainly do my best to assist you. But relationship-wise, I only want to marry Joan.” 
He stood mercilessly firm in his beliefs, causing Della’s breath to hitch in her throat. 
Why? She had done so much for him and waited for him for so long, all to no avail? Her expression contorted into one of despair. She had never been humiliated like this before, and this was the first time she’d ever been rejected, let alone rejected by a man that she liked. 
“What’s wrong?” Larry furrowed his eyebrows, sensing something amiss. 
“I feel… a little dizzy…” Holding a hand up to her head, the words left her mouth under her breath. 
Crash! Della collapsed onto the floor. 
“Della? Della! Wake up!” Larry yelled. “Caspian!” 
“What is it?” 
Caspian barged through the door as soon as he heard Larry’s shouts, his gaze falling upon Della’s crumpled-up figure on the floor. 
“What are you waiting for?” Larry had scrambled down from his bed and was cradling the woman in his arms. “Go call a doctor!”
A while later, Della was laying down in a hospital bed, her face drained of color and her lips cracked and blue. 
“Doctor, what happened to her? Why did she faint so suddenly?” Larry frantically asked. 
She’d collapsed in his room. Naturally, he had reason to be worried. She came from a super influential, wealthy family. If anything happened to her, he might be blamed for it. 
“There’s nothing really complicated going on. She just fainted due to stress, likely from being overworked.” the doctor patted him on the shoulder and gave him a meaningful look. “You should advise her to get some rest. I’m guessing you’re the only one she’ll listen to.” 
Della was someone who was way too stubborn for her own good and always insisted on shouldering her burdens by herself. She sought nothing else but perfection in her life, but how could there be true perfection in this ugly world? Larry plopped down on a sofa in the room, staring worriedly at the unconscious woman laying on the bed.
###Chapter 2488
Chapter 2488 
“Larry, maybe you should go back to your own room first,” Caspian suggested. “I’ll look after her.” 
Larry glanced at his watch and then back at Della, guilt written all over his face. 
“Then I’ll leave. I still have work to do, anyways. If she wakes up, buy something for her to eat.” With that, he got up and left the room. 
There had been too many things happening at Norton Corporation recently that he needed to resolve as soon as possible, or else it would affect the expansion of the company. 
“Larry?” A familiar voice called out to him from behind. 
Is that… 
He slowly turned around to see who the person was. His first reaction was shock, and then a heightened sense of caution. 
“What a coincidence,” Dustin stated, standing a good distance away from him as he scanned Larry from head to toe. “Why are you here? Are you hurt?” 
“Yeah, I’ve been staying here for a few days.” Larry turned back around and made to leave. 
“Wait,” Dustin approached him. “Us meeting here must have been some sort of fate, right? Let’s eat a meal together.” 
Disdain flashed through the depths of Larry’s gaze. The idea of eating with this man made him lose his appetite. 
“I have work to do. Goodbye.”
“Does it have to do with Ms. Duff?” 
How does he know that? Does he have something to do with everything that has happened in this country? He narrowed his eyes at Dustin. 
Unbeknownst to him, Larry’s suspicions were right. Dustin was the one who was secretly controlling Matthew from behind the scenes, and he was the one who framed Malcolm. Why? The reason was simple: he wanted to torture Larry and make his life harder. 
Although, he honestly hadn’t expected Della’s sudden appearance. 
“What do you want?” Larry snapped. 
“Why are you getting all riled up for? I’m just minding my own business and earning some income on the side, that’s all.” Dustin shrugged. 
“Some income”, of course, referred to the money that he was making off of the backs of other people’s misfortunes. He wanted to continue talking, but Larry completely ignored him and went into his room, slamming the door in his face. 
Watch yourself, Larry. We’ll see who the true victor is in the end. Dustin gritted his teeth. 
“… Larry…” Della whimpered faintly, shaking her head while her eyes stayed shut. 
Noticing this, Caspian lightly shook her shoulder in an attempt to wake her up. “Wake up, Ms. Duff.” 
“Larry… Don’t go…” 
She’s hopeless. She’s still thinking about Larry even in her sleep. Caspian sighed and gave up. 
Too bad that Larry already had Joan.
If Della had met Larry before Joan appeared in his life, she might very well be Larry’s current wife. 
“Caspian?” Della’s eyes fluttered open. She didn’t seem very pleased to see him. “Why are you here?” 
“Larry has work to do, so he told me to look after you and left.” 
Work, again. Was Norton Corporation really that swamped with issues and problems for him to resolve that it took up all twenty-four hours of his day? Della turned over and pushed herself out of bed, slowly shuffling out of the ward. 
“Ms. Duff, you need to rest—” 
“I don’t need your concern,” she interrupted him, a hand pressing against her stomach as she made a beeline for Larry’s room. “I’m fine.” 
Bang! Larry looked up to see Della standing in his doorway with a cold glare. 
“Why did you get out of bed? The doctor said you needed rest.” He glanced back down at his laptop, fingers rapidly typing away. 
“So you made Caspian take care of me while you hid away in here for some sweet alone time?” she scoffed. 
“Don’t be ridiculous. I’m working.” 
Work, work, work. All he ever did from day to night was work without reprieve. Rage flared up within Della’s chest. All she wanted was for him to show the slightest bit of concern for her. Hell, even a simple “are you okay” would make her happy at this point!
###Chapter 2489
Chapter 2489 
“Do you need anything? If not, you’d better go back to your own room,” Larry stated flatly. “Tell Caspian if you want to eat anything, and he’ll get it for you.” 
What a joke. I don’t need to be served by your men. She whipped around and stormed off. 
As soon as she left the room, Larry’s movement slowed to a halt, an exasperated expression on his face as he sighed heavily. 
Maybe it was truly about time that he went home. The sky outside soon darkened, and the staff and patients in the hospital were all starting to turn in for the night. 
“What the hell are you doing?” Caspian whispered furiously. 
“Quiet!” Larry demanded. “Take what you need and follow me!” 
They passed by the wards, navigated their way through corridors, and crossed the hospital yard to eventually arrive at the main entrance. 
Are we running away? Caspian stared at the man in front of him with an equal mix of wariness and shock. He would have never thought there’d come a day where Larry would stoop to such extreme, pitiful measures. 
“Come on, don’t fall behind. If Della finds out, she won’t let us leave,” Larry muttered. 
Oh. Larry had a point. She’d always been determined to stop them from leaving this country, so Caspian could understand why Larry had chosen to leave like this. After all, this was not their homeland. They didn’t have enough men on their side to be able to handle Della.
All the lights in the hospital suddenly flickered to life, momentarily blinding both men. “Where do you think you’re going?” 
Damn it. Caspian stood frozen, hanging his head in disappointment. 
Wasn’t she supposed to be in bed and sleeping right now? Larry clenched his jaw as he stared down Della, who stood off in the distance and was blocking their way out. 
He didn’t want to fight her, but he didn’t want to date her either. Becoming business partners was fine by him. Becoming lovers, on the other hand, was impossible. 
“I can’t believe you’re trying to escape in such… unsightly fashion.” Della unhurriedly walked towards them. Her voice was still a little throaty, likely from having not fully recovered yet. “This isn’t like you, Larry.” 
“I openly expressed wanting to leave, and you openly tried to stop me from doing so. You left me with no choice,” Larry shrugged. 
How absurd of them to think that she would fail to get what she wanted, regardless of whether it was through open, public methods, or under-handed, petty ways. 
“So? What are you going to do now that I’ve caught you red-handed? Are you still going to try and run?” 
Run? Where else were they supposed to run to now that things had reached this point? Caspian turned his nose up at the woman before him, swallowing his rage back down. 
“We’ll stay, we’ll stay. Come on, Larry. Let’s go back to our rooms and rest.” As he said so, Caspian made to shove Larry in the direction of his room. 
“What are you talking about?” Larry barked. “I’m not tired at all!”
“We’ll talk about this later!” Caspian insisted under his breath. “Don’t humiliate yourself in public like this!” 
Della clicked her tongue in irritation, watching the two men slowly disappear from her sight. I can’t believe he dared to try and escape! That’s it. I’m not playing nice anymore. 
“Hello?” she spoke into her phone receiver. “Increase staff members to keep an eye on Larry. Don’t let him leave the hospital at all costs.” 
“Let go of me!” Larry finally managed to push Caspian away after they’d arrived back at his hospital ward. 
“Are you stupid, Larry? If Della could anticipate our movements and stop us when she did, she would have obviously stationed guards at the entrance!” Caspian reminded him. “We couldn’t have gotten out even if we tried!” 
Larry had indeed forgotten about that part. His mind had been filled with images of Joan’s face, causing him to be physically unable to think about anything else other than her. 
“If we can’t run away, we might as well sit still and wait. It’s not like we have much waiting for us to do back in our country.” 
What is he talking about? Does he not miss Jessica? Larry stared at his friend curiously. 
“I know you miss Joan, but do you really think that this thing between you and Della would be over just because you manage to leave this place? Of course not! That’s why I’d rather you resolve this problem with her so we can all go home happily with no regrets or loose ends left untied.”
###Chapter 2490
Chapter 2490 
Caspian was right. Instead of sneaking away, he might as well solve the problem and leave freely. However, his biggest headache was that Della had no intention of letting him off. 
“Larry, I didn’t expect you to be so charismatic,” Caspian teased. 
Larry shot a glare at him but said nothing. 
The next day, Della didn’t show up in Larry’s ward, which seemed rather strange. Under normal circumstances, that woman would definitely come and question them. Yet, she was nowhere to be seen. 
“Larry, why is Ms. Duff not here today?” Caspian asked curiously. 
Larry answered, “I have no idea.” He couldn’t care less about it. In fact, it was good news to him, for he need not waste his energy and effort to deal with that woman. 
“Didn’t you call Jessica?” he asked casually while flipping through the newspaper. 
“No,” Caspian answered. 
Larry continued asking, “Why?” 
In a firm voice, Caspian uttered, “Because I wanted to make her realize how much she loves me!” 
Well, well, dear Caspian is playing hard to get. As it turns out, it is not a woman’s privilege to use their scheming little mind to get their crush. Men are comparable to women when it comes to getting their crush’s attention. 
“What if she runs away?” Larry asked, serving as a kind reminder.
“She won’t! Jessica is not that kind of person!” 
Larry was unhappy to stay in the ward under Della’s supervision. He had asked her several times to remove the bodyguards, who were guarding outside the ward, yet the latter rejected him. 
That day, Larry had had enough. “Della Duff, you’ve gone too far!” he bellowed. 
Me? Going too far? He’s mad at me just because I refused to remove the bodyguards? Disregarding his anger, Della let out a chuckle. She then walked toward the man lying on the bed in a coquettish manner. 
Before Larry had even realized it, she suddenly wrapped her arms around his neck and asked, “Larry, you seriously have not realized how much I like you and how nice I am to you?” 
Upon her touch, Larry roared, “Della, you should know your boundaries! Keep your hands to yourself!” 
If anyone saw them just now, it was inevitable for rumors about them to spread in the hospital. 
This woman is up to no good, trying to ruin my reputation! 
“Della, we’re not suitable together. You should find the right guy as your boyfriend,” he persuaded. 
Nevertheless, Della insisted, “You are the right guy! We will make a perfect match!” 
Ugh! This woman is driving me crazy! She’s just so stubborn. It’s impossible to talk sense into her. Larry had told her a million times over that he already had a girlfriend whom he wished to marry, yet she didn’t give two hoots about it. 
Just then, Caspian barged into the ward. “Larry!” 
Upon seeing the two being so close together, he was thunderstruck. Is this Ms. Duff’s way of playing hard to get? He couldn’t help feeling confused and complicated.
Regardless of Caspian’s presence, Della clung closer to Larry’s body and buried her face in his chest. She then ordered Caspian, “Go on, what is it?” 
As for the poor Larry, he wanted to push Della off of him, yet he can’t. He was afraid the latter might pretend to get hurt if he pushed her. By that time, the whole Duff family might even make him responsible for her “injury”. 
“Larry, h-have you… s-succumbed to her?” Caspian stuttered as he asked. 
Succumb to Della? For god’s sake, can’t he tell that I’m resisting her? Feeling displeased, Larry shot daggers at Caspian. 
The latter kept his head down, stealing glances at Della as he spoke, “Um… Joan called just now. She asked you when you are returning to the country?” 
At that instant, fury blazed within Della’s eyes. 
She chided, “Don’t ever mention another woman’s name in front of me! Larry is mine, and he’s not going anywhere. No one can take him away from me.” 
She must have lost her mind! Hearing her brazen claims, Larry pushed her away forcefully. As a result, the latter staggered and almost fell onto the ground. 
Gazing at Larry in disbelief, Della called out, “What are you doing? Why did you push me?” 
Ignoring her question, Larry uttered, “Della, you heard it. My wife is asking for my return. She needs me, so I have to go back now.”
###Chapter 2491
Chapter 2491 
Hmph! It’s just a woman. Why is he so worried about her? There is no problem unsolvable with money. 
With that in mind, Della reassured Larry, “Don’t worry. Leave everything to me. I’ll solve it.” 
How is she going to solve it? What will she do to Joan? Instantly, Larry had his guard up. He turned to face Della, and his gaze turned sharp. 
“She’s my woman! Don’t you ever lay your hands on her!” he warned. 
For a moment, Della was stunned before her smile reappeared on her face. 
Oh, I find him all the more lovable when he behaves this way. 
The way he protected the woman he loved showed that he was a responsible and reliable man. That alone was enough reason for her to fall for him instead of her other admirers. 
Those admirers pursued her more or less because of her family background and wealth. Even though they didn’t like her, they would still approach her for the above-mentioned reasons. She soon lost faith in love until she met Larry. 
It was love at first glance. Later, she fell head over heels for him because of his good character and personality. Larry was humble, ambitious, and faithful. Everything about him met her expectation. 
Fixing her eyes at him, Della directly asked, “Larry, do you really love that woman that much? Don’t you have any feelings for me?” 
Holding his gaze, Larry nodded firmly.
Things need not be said, for he knew Della was a clever woman. Besides, he believed his attitude was clear enough. 
Just then, Caspian asked in a low voice, “Larry, do you want to call Joan back?” 
“Of course,” Larry answered, loud and clear. 
Nevertheless, Della was inexorable. “I want you to tell me, what do you think of me?” 
“Della, to me, you will be a great business partner, but nothing more. I have no feelings for you,” Larry said frankly. 
After a short pause, he added, “At most, I will only treat you as a friend.” 
It turns out I’ve been deluding myself all the while. It’s only my wishful thinking to be his girlfriend. Della had always thought that as long as she loved Larry wholeheartedly, he would one day change his mind and come back to her. In hindsight, she was only wasting her time. 
Standing next to them, Caspian advised, “Ms. Duff, no one has control over their feelings. Likewise, you can’t force love or happiness. Even if your love is unrequited, you will feel happy for the man you love as long as he is happy. Don’t you think so?” 
Della couldn’t agree more with his words. 
Yet, she was unwilling to give up on Larry – the first man with whom she fell in love with. 
“If you met me before Joan, would you choose me?” she asked, determined to get an answer from him. 
It was an important question to her but meaningless to Larry.
Without any hesitation, he answered, “We can’t turn back time, and there is no point asking me this. What I can tell you is that if I had a choice, I wouldn’t go abroad, and hence, I wouldn’t even meet you.” 
Larry was indeed a tactful man that he could come up with such an unexpected yet excellent answer. 
“But I really love you! I can’t let go of you!” In the end, Della could suppress her emotions no more, and she broke out in tears. 
It was her first time falling in love and showing her weakness in front of a man. 
Seeing Della shedding tears, Caspian couldn’t help but shuddered. He knew it was not easy for Della, a proud woman, to wear her heart on her sleeve. 
Meanwhile, Larry said softly, “We can still be friends.” 
Della shook her head and choked out, “But I don’t want to be your friend! I want to marry you.” 
Hearing that, Larry had nothing more to say. After all, he had no feelings for her. There was no point for her to force him into marrying her. He closed his eyes, looking completely worn out.
###Chapter 2492
Chapter 2492 
In the yard, Delilah asked, “Joan, did Larry say when is he coming back?” 
Looking disappointed, Joan replied, “No. He kept telling me he’s busy lately.” 
It had been a long time since Larry last called her. In fact, she was the one who called him the last time they talked. 
Inexplicably, Joan felt uneasy. 
“Perhaps he’s too busy. Don’t worry. He’ll come back when he’s done with his work,” Delilah consoled Joan while she busied herself with the gardening. 
She knew it took time for Larry’s body to recover. Hence, all she could do was to comfort Joan. 
Suddenly, Joan asked, “Ms. Young, do you think something has happened to Larry?” 
Hearing her question, Delilah spun around, gazing at her nervously. 
She soon regained her composure and was quick to retort, “Oh, Joan, Larry is a mature man. What else could happen to him?” 
Still, Joan couldn’t cast her worries away. But he’s gone for so long… Has he not done with his work yet? 
Just then, Delilah called out while pointing at her phone on the table, “Your phone is ringing!” 
Joan quickly went over and answered the call. 
“Joan, it’s me, Caspian.”
“Did Larry say when is he coming back?” Joan asked eagerly. 
Hearing that, Caspian couldn’t help feeling sorry for both her and Larry. Larry wished to go back but he couldn’t. It was not his work that was holding him back, but his personal affairs. As long as they were not settled, it would be impossible for him to get his life back to normal. 
Moreover, Larry was afraid that Della might go to the extreme as to harming Joan. After all, one could never predict what a lovelorn woman was capable of doing, especially Della – a woman who would do whatever it took to get what she wanted. 
Caspian sighed internally and said, “Joan, Larry asked me to call you back. He’s currently busy with the Norton Corporation’s new project, so he needs to stay here a little longer.” 
At the end of the day, Joan got the same disappointing answer. Holding her phone, Joan’s eyes dimmed with disappointment. 
If she had known earlier that it would be such a long stay, she would’ve chosen to go abroad with Larry in the beginning. 
Delilah soon approached her. “What’s wrong? Is our poor little Joan upset?” she asked teasingly, trying to cheer Joan up. 
How could I not be upset when Larry doesn’t even have the time to talk to me? I could only talk to him through Caspian. Joan pouted, feeling a little resentful. 
“Oh, don’t think too much. If Larry still hasn’t come back after a month, you can always book a flight,” Delilah suggested purposefully to led Joan up the garden path. 
The latter took the bait as she responded, “Oh, Ms. Young, Larry will be back by that time.”
Just then, Lucius came running into the yard. The little boy exclaimed while showing her a notebook, “Mom, look! This is a reward I got from Ms. Lee!” 
Joan crouched and caressed his head. “You got a reward? Lucius, you’re awesome! I’m so proud of you!” she praised. 
“Grandma, look! My homeroom teacher gave me this reward!” Lucius shared his joy with Delilah excitedly. 
With a smile, Delilah asked teasingly, “Then, did your girlfriend get a reward as well?” 
“Huh? But I don’t have a girlfriend,” the boy answered seriously. 
Both women guffawed, which left him scratching his head. Good to hear that! Lucius is still too young to have puppy love. 
Soon after, Joan explained, “Your grandma was just kidding with you.” 
“Oh! I saw Caiden just now,” Lucius said suddenly. 
Instantly, Joan rose to her feet, and a look of caution flashed across her eyes. 
“Where did you see him?” she asked. 
Don’t tell me Caiden has come to our house again! 
“Caiden has left. I saw him on the street outside. I thought he visited our house, but it seems like he didn’t,” Lucius mumbled and then ran away. 
Luckily, Caiden was gone. If he showed up at their house again, Keith would definitely go nuts. If that happened, Joan was afraid Keith would lay his hands on her again.
###Chapter 2493
Chapter 2493 
If Keith was a person of sane mind, she could at least complain or get compensated for any losses or injury. The problem was that he had a mental illness, so she couldn’t possibly hold him liable for his conduct. With a look of resignation, Joan scratched the back of her head. 
Just then, Lucius trotted toward her and asked, “Mom, what’s wrong? Why do you suddenly look so nervous?” 
“Nothing. Perhaps I’m just too tired,” she said. 
The boy threw her another question, “Where is Dad? He hasn’t come back yet?” 
“No.” Then, Joan changed the topic, “What do you want to eat? I’ll prepare dinner tonight.” 
Lucius soon lost in his thoughts. Yet, he was not thinking about dinner but Larry. He stood in front of his mother and studied her expression. In the end, he summoned enough courage and decided to voice his suspicion to her. 
“What is it?” Joan asked, pinching the boy’s chubby face. 
“Mom, do you think Dad has a secret lover?” Lucius asked. 
Oh dear, Lucius is thinking too much. But… Secret lover? Who taught him that? Feeling displeased, Joan frowned slightly. 
“Of course not,” she reassured him, “your dad won’t do something like that, so stop overthinking.” 
“Mom, let me tell you a secret. My deskmate’s parents have gotten a divorce because his father found himself a secret lover. You know what, that woman is younger and more beautiful than his mother.” The
boy had no qualms about spilling his deskmate’s secret to his mother. 
No wonder he knows so much! Joan raised her brow at him but remained silent. 
“Mom, if you and dad get a divorce, does it mean that either one of you has a secret lover?” Lucius directly asked. 
“That’s it. Now, go and do your homework. Your dad and I are fine, and we don’t have secret lovers.” With that, Joan turned and left the yard. 
After Joan vanished from sight, Delilah approached the boy and knocked his head with her knuckle. “Lucius, you’ve gone too far just now! How could you say something like that about your mom and dad?” 
What’s the problem with it? Isn’t it normal to marry and divorce in this day and age? Lucius shook his head and let out a sigh. 
Sometimes, he found it hard to communicate with them. They had always treated him like a child when in fact, he was precocious. 
While entering the house, Lucius called out, ”Mom, I want to eat steamed clams for dinner!” 
Joan, who was busying herself in the kitchen, replied, “Alright. Go finish your homework now.” 
Back in his bedroom, instead of doing his homework, Lucius made a call to Larry. “Dad, when are you coming back? I missed you a lot!” he whined. 
Meanwhile, in the ward, Larry’s emotions stirred after hearing his son’s voice. 
“Must you go back to Chanaea?” Della asked dejectedly. 
“Yes,” Larry said firmly.
He was determined not to stay any longer abroad. Besides, he had always dreamed of Joan recently. Inexplicably, it gave him a sense of foreboding. 
Soon, Della said with a hint of disappointment, “Alright then. You can go.” 
Hearing that, Larry was at a loss. He did nothing but look at her, waiting for her explanation. 
What is she up to again? Larry knew how cruel and malicious Della could be to attain her goals. Besides, it was impossible that she would let him off that easily. 
Larry’s gut feeling told him that the woman was up to something. 
In fact, he was right. Della had had it all figured out. If Larry insisted on returning to Chanaea, she would relocate and start her career there. 
Feeling unsettled, Larry asked. “Della, what are you trying to do?” 
“Nothing. Don’t you say you wanted to go back? Now that I’ve finally let you go, why are you hesitating?” Della asked sarcastically. 
Seeing Larry wanting to go back to Joan so badly piqued Della’s interest. She was eager to check Joan out – the woman whom Larry was obsessed with.
###Chapter 2494
Chapter 2494 
“You’re really letting me go?” Larry asked her skeptically. 
It was hard for him to believe that Della would let him go unless the latter are plotting something. 
In the face of his doubtful gaze, Della shrugged. “Yeah. Well, you can always choose not to leave. I will be more than happy if you stay.” 
She shouldn’t be acting so casually. Something is not right. Larry shook his head as he doubted the truthfulness of her words. 
“That’s it. I’ll be going now. You can start packing your belongings. Oh, and there’s no need to let me know when you leave. I won’t be there to see you off.” With that, Della left the ward. 
Larry watched as the woman’s figure vanished from sight. Inexplicably, he felt grateful to her. If he knew what Della had in mind, he would never think that way. 
“Caspian, stop dallying. Pack our luggage now. We have a plane to catch!” Larry ordered while changing his clothes. 
Meanwhile, Caspian, who just entered the ward, was confused as he had no idea what was going on. Why are we packing our luggage? Where are we going? 
Hence, he asked, “Larry, what are you doing? Why do we need to pack our luggage?” 
“We’re going home! Or do you want to stay here forever?” Larry shot a glare at Caspian, unhappy with the latter’s lack of perception.
Tsk, Caspian is really not with it. Regardless, Larry continued packing his luggage since it was not the time to bother about Caspian. 
Seeing Larry in panic, Caspian quickly went over to help him with it. 
“Larry, is it real? Ms. Duff is really letting us go? She doesn’t want you anymore?” he daringly asked. 
Larry hushed him, “Oh, shut up! I have nothing to do with her. Remember, don’t talk nonsense in front of Joan!” 
“I know, I know, don’t you worry about it,” Caspian was quick to reassure him, though he was afraid he might spill the beans. 
“Shall we say goodbye to Ms. Duff? After all, she has saved you,” Caspian mumbled. 
“She said there is no need,” Larry replied nonchalantly. We won’t see her again anyway. 
Hours later, the two finally boarded the plane. 
Meanwhile, Della was sitting on the sofa in her office. She looked calm and composed. 
A man entered the office and reported, “Ms. Duff, they have left.” 
“They’re on the plane?” she asked coldly. 
The man replied, “Yes, and the plane has taken off.” 
Larry, since you’re eager to return to Chanaea, I might as well grant your wish. It doesn’t matter where you are because there is no way you can get away from me. 
Not wasting any time, Della stood up and ordered, “Let’s go. To the airport!”
You sure are a decisive woman! The man plastered a smile on his face as he watched Della’s back view gradually vanished from sight. 
On Della’s way out, the assistant passed her phone. “Ms. Duff, your phone is ringing.” 
It’s father! A hint of panic flashed across her eyes. 
Soon after, she heard Fred’s voice over the phone, “Is this your final decision?” 
Della said assuredly, “Dad, I’ve made my decision. Don’t worry. I will do my best in developing our business when I reach Chanaea.” 
Hearing that, Fred fell into silence. Della had never worried him since she had always been a disciplined young lady. Yet, this time, he felt uneasy with her decision. 
“Della, do you know what you’re doing?” he asked. 
“Dad, I know, and this is not a rash decision.” 
She knew clearly that if she chose to relocate, she would have to give up her career and start all over again. 
“Dad, no matter how things turn out, I will bear the consequences. Besides, I believe I will succeed,” she continued reassuring her father. 
Sensing her resoluteness, Fred suddenly felt that his daughter had really grown up. 
“Alright then. I’ll respect your decision.” With that, he ended the call.
###Chapter 2495
Chapter 2495 
With a heavy heart, Della cast her eyes over the company. For years, her life was occupied by her work. There was no room or time left for her to do other things. Everything in the company looked familiar to her. Yet, it was time for her to leave her comfort zone for a new environment. 
“Ms. Duff, are we still leaving?” the assistant asked.Della nodded. 
“Let’s go.” 
On the other hand, Larry and Caspian had gotten off the plane and were now riding a cab, heading back home. 
Meanwhile, Joan received a call from Delilah. “Joan, come home now! Larry is back!” 
Joan was dumbstruck upon receiving the news. 
“Ms. Young, w-what did you say?” she asked, for she couldn’t believe her ears. 
Delilah said smilingly, “Oh, Joan, I said Larry is back! Come home quickly. He’s looking for you.” 
Just then, Larry’s voice was heard over the phone, “Joan, where are you?” 
It’s really him! At that instant, Joan grabbed her purse and quickly ran out of the café. 
“Joan, where are you going? You haven’t finished your coffee!” Jessica called out from behind. 
Without even looking back, Joan uttered, “There’s no time for coffee. Larry is back!” 
Hearing that, Jessica eyes brightened up. Larry is back! That means Caspian is back as well! 
“Joan, wait for me! I’m coming with you!” she yelled.
In the house. 
“Dad, where have you been? I missed you a lot!” said Lucius while burying himself in his father’s embrace. 
“Well, I went on a business trip,” Larry explained. Then, he handed a gift box to the boy. “Look, this is a present for you! Do you like it?” 
Later, Joan was back at home. The two were spending some time alone in the bedroom. Fixing her eyes at the man, Joan asked resentfully, “What took you so long to come back?” 
“The new project is keeping me busy,” Larry answered in his deep voice while he hugged her tighter in his arms. 
“Then, did you miss me?” she continued asking. 
“You’re my woman. Of course, I would miss you.” He caressed her hair before planting a kiss on her forehead. 
His words warmed Joan’s heart. 
The whole world looked livelier when he was there with her. Joan tightened her arms around the man’s waist, and her lips curled into a smile. 
The two spent a lovely night together. 
The next day, sunlight shone through the windows and filled the room with warmth. Joan rolled over and slowly opened her eyes to find the other side of the bed empty. 
She knew Larry must have headed to Norton Corporation already. 
Meanwhile, in the office.
“Larry, these are all the documents. Have a look at them,” said Caspian as he handed the documents to Larry. 
Larry simply uttered a response. 
Then, he looked up at Caspian. “Have you settled everything abroad?” 
“I’ve settled all the company’s matters, but…” Caspian trailed off as he was hesitating to continue. 
With his brows knotted, Larry raised his voice, “Just say it! What is it?” 
Having no choice, Caspian bit the bullets and said, “But Ms. Duff has come to Chanaea.” 
Upon that, Larry dropped his pen. 
“When did she arrive?” 
Caspian replied meekly, “The same day when we arrived. She is now staying in a hotel. I heard that she is planning to relocate and start her career here.” 
What is that woman trying to do? A cold glint flashed across Larry’s eyes. 
Then, Caspian reminded, “Larry, I don’t think that woman would give up on you easily. You need to be careful.” 
Oh, Caspian, you’re stating the obvious. It was indeed bad news to Larry. He exuded an overbearing aura while subconsciously clenching the documents that he was holding. 
What a stubborn woman! I never thought she would fly all the way to Chanaea. Larry couldn’t help but sighed.
Right then, Jessica barged into the office. “Larry!” 
“Lower your voice!” Larry scolded. 
At that instant, Jessica felt awkward. She immediately covered her mouth, gazing at Caspian pitifully.
###Chapter 2496
Chapter 2496 
Caspian winked at her. Then, he took the heat off her by saying, “Oh, Larry, she didn’t mean it. She missed you a lot, and she’s too excited.” 
Without even sparing a glance at them, Larry uttered, “Don’t you speak up for her! As a career woman, she should always maintain her composure and know the business etiquette.” 
Jessica quickly explained, “Oh, Larry, I’m here not as a career woman but as your dear sister.” 
The man sitting behind the desk asked, “Then why are you here?” 
Jessica made her way toward Larry and wrapped her arms around his neck. “Well, I’m here to see you. It’s been a long time since we last saw each other. Don’t you miss me?” 
Larry had gotten used to the closeness with Jessica. To them, it was a way of showing affection between family. As for Caspian, although he knew there was nothing between Jessica and Larry, he couldn’t help feeling uncomfortable seeing their intimacy. 
“How long are you still going to cling to Larry? He’s taken. Hmph! You’ve never hugged me for so long before,” Caspian mumbled with a hint of jealousy. 
Jessica asked seriously, “Larry, am I not your woman?” 
Just then, a familiar voice rang out, “Of course you’re not!” The voice made Caspian shudder. 
Oh no! She’s here sooner than I thought! 
Instantly, he pulled Jessica away from Larry and dragged her toward the door. “Jessica, quick! Leave now! Don’t cause any trouble!”
“What are you talking about? I didn’t cause any trouble, and I’m not going anywhere. I want to catch up with Larry.” Jessica struggled to break free from Caspian’s grip. 
Caspian could feel his temple throbbing. Oh, Jessica, now it’s not the time to catch up with Larry. Can’t you sense Della’s hostility? I’m sure you wouldn’t want to mess with her. 
“There is no need for you to catch up with Larry,” Della said coldly while gazing at Jessica. 
How impudence! Who the hell is this woman? Jessica walked toward Della and sized the latter up and down, the curiosity in her eyes barely veiled. 
Hmm… She looks difficult. Jessica straightened up, trying to appear calm and composed. “Who are you?” 
Della replied curtly, “You don’t need to know. Just stay away from Larry.” 
Wait! Does she like Larry? Jessica turned and looked quizzically at Caspian. The latter said nothing but nodded in affirmation. 
So, she does like Larry, huh? But, how did Larry meet her? She looks filthy rich, though. Jessica couldn’t help feeling curious about Larry’s encounter with Della. At first glance, Della’s clothing looked ordinary, yet they were all limited-edition branded clothes. 
Nevertheless, she retorted, “He’s my brother. Why should I stay away from him? Instead, you should be the one to stay away from him. He’s married!” 
As a matter of fact, Larry already had a wife whom he loved. It wouldn’t make a difference even if Della was the president’s daughter. 
Upon that revelation, Della turned to face Larry and asked, “She’s your sister?”
“Yes,” Larry replied firmly, verifying his relationship with Jessica. 
“Your sister needs to learn some discipline and manners,” Della said purposefully, casting her eyes at Jessica. 
The latter snapped at her, “What a joke! You don’t look like you have good manners to me, so you have no right to say that. Besides, Larry is my brother. I can interact with him however I wish.” 
“That’s right. Ms. Duff, you shouldn’t say something like that when you don’t even know Jessica,” Caspian muttered in dissatisfaction. 
Hearing his mutter, Della directly asked, “Is she your woman?” 
At that instant, Caspian lowered his head to hide his shyness. 
Jessica, on the other hand, openly admitted, “Yes, I’m his woman. So what?” 
Della was surprised by her frankness. At the same time, her eyes shone with joy as she found Jessica likable. 
Usually, most of the women in a relationship would become pretentious and play hard to get. Jessica, however, was different.
###Chapter 2497
Chapter 2497 
Della had the feeling that Jessica was an ambitious career woman and that the two of them would get along well. 
Soon after, she made her way toward Larry and asked him out, “Larry, shouldn’t you throw a welcome party to celebrate my arrival? Why don’t we have dinner together?” 
Without sparing a glance at her, Larry rejected, “I’m not free. You can go with Caspian.” 
“Larry, I…” Caspian cast a glance at Jessica. 
What should I do now? Jessica will never let me have dinner with Della. 
He was stumped, not knowing if he should listen to Larry’s order or disobey it for the woman he loved. 
“What? Is there a problem?” Larry looked up and cast his eyes at Jessica. 
As reluctant as she was, Jessica said, “Well, since you’ve given the orders, of course, there’s no problem with it.” 
Ugh! Who the hell is this woman? Larry even asked Caspian to welcome her arrival. Jessica furrowed her brows and tightened her grip on her phone. 
The next moment, she cast her eyes at Della and said coldly, “Larry, actually, I wish to get to know this business partner of yours.” 
Ha! That’s great! I wish to get to know you as well. Della curled her lips into a smile. 
“Then, the three of you shall go together!” said Larry, who was happy with the arrangement.
Wouldn’t it be a little too awkward? Caspian cast his eyes at Larry and then at the two ladies. “Larry, why don’t we wait until you’re done with…” 
“Don’t you see Larry is busy? Let’s go!” Jessica urged as she pushed him out of the office. 
On their way out, Caspian asked, “Ms. Duff, what would you like to eat?” 
Jessica twisted the man’s ear and scolded, “Caspian! Shouldn’t you ask me that instead of other women?” 
Later, the three arrived at a pizza joint. As usual, the place was packed with customers. 
They soon became the center of attention. After all, they seemed to be those people who would dine in a high-end restaurant, and their presence in the fast-food outlet was out of the place. 
In fact, Jessica had intentionally brought Della to a pizza joint. “Ms. Duff, do you like pizza? Caspian and I like it a lot!” 
Standing beside her, Caspian couldn’t wrap his head around what she just said. 
When did I say I like pizza? That’s bullshit. Besides, I have diarrhea for the past few days. 
“Oh, I see. So, Caspian likes pizza too.” Della cast her eyes at Caspian as she spoke. 
“Of course. He likes whatever I like. Isn’t it, Caspian?” asked Jessica while clinging on to Caspian’s arm. 
The latter reminded in a low voice, “Jessica, we’re in a public space.” 
What’s wrong with Jessica? She is not acting like herself. Is she… jealous? Inexplicably, Caspian felt a sense of joy in his heart. Well, it kind of feels good to make her jealous.
“What’s the matter? Can’t I cling on to your arm? We always do this in public.” Then, Jessica turned to face Della and asked, “Ms. Duff, do you mind?” 
Della flashed her a smile and said, “Of course not. I understand.” 
It was normal for a woman in love to be clingy. Although she was not the clingy type, she had seen many women who liked to stick to their boyfriends. 
“Ms. Duff, what would you like to eat? Feel free to order whatever you want,” Caspian said hospitably. 
Suddenly, he cried out, “Ouch!” It turned out that Jessica just pinched his arm. 
The next moment, Della commented, “That must hurt a lot.” 
Upon that, the atmosphere turned awkward, and an eerie silence ensued. 
After a long while, Jessica finally spoke up, “Della, let’s cut to the chase. Tell me, how did you know them? And also, what’s your purpose of coming to Chanaea?” 
Della was surprised by her bluntness, and she found her all the more likable.
###Chapter 2498
Chapter 2498 
Soon, Della started spilling the story in detail, “I met them abroad…” 
For years, it was the first time she talked so much to another woman. Sitting opposite her, Caspian was left dazed to see her being so talkative. 
At the same time, he was confused that Della was not averse to Jessica. 
One would be as confused as Caspian had they known that Della never made friends. On top of that, although the latter was a woman herself, she had always thought that women were troublesome. 
After dinner, Caspian offered to drive Della home, but the latter rejected. 
In the car, Jessica questioned harshly, “Caspian, be frank with me. Are you interested in that woman?” 
“Nonsense! My heart is occupied by a woman whose name is Jessica Zimmer,” Caspian swore. 
“Then why were you so friendly and welcoming to her just now?” 
“I didn’t. That’s because you don’t know her. Actually, she…” the man slowly explained the situation to her. 
Hearing Caspian’s words, Jessica asked sheepishly, “Did I cross the line just now?” 
Now you know… You were harsh and rude just now! 
Nevertheless, Caspian held her hand and consoled her, “What’s done is done, so stop thinking about it.” 
Meanwhile, in the office.Larry was busy going through the documents.
After parting ways with Caspian and Jessica, Della didn’t go back to the hotel. She went to the Norton Corporation instead. 
She pushed open the office door and asked, “You haven’t left?” 
“Mm,” Larry uttered a response without recognizing it was Della’s voice. 
“When are you going home?” the woman continued asking. 
“I’m not sure,” was his curt reply. 
At this point, Larry looked up when he had finally recognized it was Della. 
“Why are you here?” he asked. 
She replied blatantly, “Well, I’m here because I missed you.” 
Larry hated to hear this kind of answer. Nevertheless, he hid his impatience and queried, “Why did you decide to relocate?” 
“Because of you. I want to be with you.” 
It was a straightforward confession, yet the man was unmoved. 
“If you’re staying here because of me, then I’d advise you to better leave,” he uttered in a cold and stony voice. 
Ugh! Can’t he treat me nicer? He’s asking me to leave again! 
Della was unhappy with the man’s cold attitude. The next moment, she requested, “I want to meet Joan Watts.”
Hearing that, Larry’s finger skidded to a halt. He then stood up and looked at Della sternly. “What are you up to?” 
“Relax! What else can I do? I just wanted to have a meal with her,” the woman replied nonchalantly. 
You must be up to something. Unconvinced, Larry walked toward Della and loomed over her. “Della, we will settle things between us. I hope you won’t drag Joan into this.” 
Is he worried about Joan? It seems like he really loves that woman a lot. 
With a look of disappointment, Della muttered, “Larry, why aren’t you worried about me?” 
Why should I worry about you when you have a bunch of bodyguards to protect you? 
Larry shook his head internally. He then went back to his desk and returned to his work. 
Della, however, was unrelenting. “Aren’t you concerned that Joan might come and mess with me?” 
Oh, Della, you’re thinking too much. That won’t happen! 
Larry knew Joan well. She wouldn’t mess with anyone for no reason, and she wouldn’t even bother about those insignificant people. 
Even if Joan knew about the things between him and Della, it was unlikely that she would go behind his back to confront Della. As for Della, it wouldn’t surprise him if she was to look for trouble and bully Joan. 
Hence, he said calmly, “There is no need to worry. If you don’t look for trouble, Joan won’t mess with you.” 
How is he so confident about it? Della sneered as she was doubtful of his words.
###Chapter 2499
Chapter 2499 
No woman would accept her man to have a blurred boundary with his female friends. Della believed Joan was no exception. 
Meanwhile, Larry dismissed her, “That’s it. You can leave now. I’m busy.” 
“I’m going to stay here with you.” With that, Della sat on the sofa and started reading a magazine. 
This woman is really a stubborn one! 
Larry raised his voice, “Della, you should leave now!” 
Where to? The hotel? 
Unwilling to leave, Della insisted, “I want to be with you.” 
“But I don’t want to be with you,” Larry uttered coldly. 
How could he be so harsh to me? He has no regard for my feelings at all! Nevertheless, Della put up a good front as she stood up. 
“Well, I won’t leave unless you give me a kiss,” she said cheekily. 
It was the first time she said something like that to a man. 
As expected, Larry wouldn’t let her have her way when he said, “Then you’d better stay.” 
Although she felt disappointed, at least she got to stay. 
Larry took a glance at his watch and noticed it was rather late. He then shifted his gaze to Della, who was sitting not far away and couldn’t help feeling frustrated.
When will she give up? Larry pressed his temples in an attempt to loosen up. 
Just then, Della asked, “Are you done with your work? Want to grab a meal together?” 
Grab a meal? Does she have any idea what time it is now? It’s already midnight! Where is she going to eat? 
Larry paid no heed to her invitation. “I’m done, and I’m leaving now.” 
“I want you to send me home,” Della requested. 
“Don’t you have bodyguards?” 
“They have already gotten off work.” The way she took it for granted that Larry should be there to take over her bodyguard’s job made him want to slap her in the face. 
“Care to eat together?” she asked again. 
“No. I’ll send you back to the hotel.” 
Della had gotten used to his seriousness. Hence, it was within her expectation that he would turn her down. 
Later, a car pulled off in front of the hotel. Larry pushed her shoulder gently and urged, “That’s it. Off you go! Have a good night!” 
Pointing at the hotel, Della reminded, “Remember, I’m staying here. Come and find me when you have the time.” 
Hearing that, Larry remained silent and drove off as soon as Della got off the car.
Ugh! I’ve had enough! What the hell is Caspian doing? Didn’t I ask him to keep Della busy and keep an eye on her? 
When he arrived home, Joan had dozed off on the couch. The woman looked tired. 
Seeing that, he gently shook her awake. “Joan, wake up. I’m back. Go and sleep in the bedroom.” 
Joan rolled over and muttered, “Ugh…” 
In her half-awake state, she asked, “Ms. Young, is Larry back?” 
“Yes. Come, let’s go to the bedroom.” With that, Larry carried her in bridal style all the way to the bedroom. 
Did she stay up all night? He couldn’t help feeling sorry as he looked at the woman on the bed. 
The next day, Larry woke up and headed to the office early in the morning. Joan soon woke up as well after sensing the other side of the bed was empty. 
As she walked down the stairs, Delilah called out from the living room, “You’re up? Get ready and have your breakfast. We’re going downtown today.” 
Joan was stunned as she stood rooted to her spot. Did I hear it correctly? Ms. Young wanted to go downtown? 
“Ms. Young, do you want to buy something? Actually, you can ask Larry to get it for you,” she suggested. 
Delilah shook her head. “No. I’m going there to meet an old friend.”
Hearing that, Joan fell into silence while gazing at Delilah curiously. But why is she bringing me along to meet her old friend? 
“Don’t think too much. I’m old now, and I have a poor sense of direction, so I’m bringing you along to show me the way.” 
Oh, I see. Joan heaved a sigh of relief, for she initially thought Delilah had done something again behind her back.
###Chapter 2500
Chapter 2500 
Suddenly, Delilah said, “Yesterday, Larry came home rather late.” 
Well, indeed. Joan vaguely remembered Larry carrying her into the bedroom. She nodded and then asked, “When are we leaving?” 
“Now. So hurry and have your breakfast.” 
Why are we in such a hurry? Nevertheless, Joan complied as she trotted toward the dining room. 
She finished her breakfast in no time. Soon, the two were ready to go. 
“This old friend of mine had helped me a lot when I was young. I heard that she is in poor health, so I need to visit her. It is such an unforgettable past. Back then, …” 
Delilah started telling Joan about her past. 
As people grew old, they would always reminisce about the good old days. Delilah was no exception. It was only that she had hidden those memories in her heart when those people whom she was once familiar with walked out of her life. 
“… That’s why I feel so close to Nancy. When you get old, you will feel happy as well when you recall all those sweet memories.” 
Delilah’s words really tugged at Joan’s heartstrings. 
How time flies when moments become memories in the blink of an eye! Life was short, and it would only be meaningful if one made the most of time. 
“Ms. Young, you’re a kind and friendly woman. Did you have a lot of girlfriends back then?” Joan asked.
“I wouldn’t say I have a lot of besties, but I sure have a lot of friends. They loved to hang out with me. However, we slowly lost contact after they got married,” Delilah spoke with a hint of melancholy in her voice. 
In life, everyone would have to experience countless separations and reunions. 
Later that day, in the ward. 
“How are you? Do you feel better?” Delilah asked with her voice full of concern. 
Lying on the bed was an amicable-looking old lady. “Why do you come all the way here?” she asked. 
“I’m here to see you. What, do you not welcome me?” Delilah pouted, pretending to be offended. 
It was the first time Joan saw Delilah acting so childish, and it showed that the latter was close to that old lady. 
“Who’s this young lady? Your daughter?” the old lady queried, looking at Delilah doubtfully. 
“No, but I treat her like my daughter,” Delilah replied. 
Although they hadn’t met for a long time, the two went on and on, catching up with one another without any signs of awkwardness. Joan watched them silently from the side, a twinge of envy brewing. 
Perhaps when she got old, she could still have high tea and talk about naughty grandchildren or even go shopping with her friends. 
It would be a blessing to keep in contact with her friends, just like Delilah and that old lady. 
Just then, her phone in her purse rang. As soon as she answered the call, Larry’s voice was heard over the phone, “Where are you? Why is there nobody at home?”
In a soft voice, she answered, “Ms. Young went to visit his old friend, and she brought me along. Why did you call?” 
“When are you guys coming back? I’ll go fetch you.” 
“There is no need. We’re going home soon.” 
They then ended the call after a short chat. 
Soon after, Delilah approached her and asked, “Who’s that? Larry?” 
Joan replied, “Yes. He’s home now.” 
Meanwhile, Larry was bored sitting on the couch in the living room while looking at the empty house. 
Lucius, Joan and Delilah was out. He felt lonely being the only one at home. 
Suddenly, he heard a familiar voice calling out viciously, “Joan Watts!” 
It’s her? What is she doing here? Instantly, Larry made his way toward the door to see Gabriela calling Joan’s name outside the house.

###Chapter 2501
Chapter 2501 
“Gabriella!” 
As the man raised his volume, the woman went dead silent. What’s Larry doing here when he’s supposed to be in his office? 
Confused, she greeted him, “Hey, Larry.” 
“Why are you here?” he asked without concealing his intention. 
Gabriella replied in an ostentatious manner, “I’m here to catch up with Joan since we haven’t met in such a long time.” 
“Get out of my sight if you have no intention to tell me the truth!” Intimidated by the man, Gabriella gaped at his words. 
“Stay away from her because she’s not related to you! Otherwise, get yourself ready to face my wrath!” 
He’s such a jerk! How can he be so cruel? Is it necessary to get so worked up over such a trivial issue? I mean, I’m just here to catch up and play some mind games with her. 
In an attempt to salvage her visit, she said, “Larry, aren’t you aware I have lost part of my memories? The doctor told me to mingle around with my close acquaintances to regain my memories.” 
“You know what? It’s better for you to turn over a new leaf without the memories you have lost! Otherwise, you’re going to be upset by the things you have done.” 
No! I must regain the part of memories I have lost! Perhaps! Joan was the b*tch behind my misery! To begin with, she’s not even my biological sibling! What makes him think I’m going to let her off the hook?
Pointing in the direction of the living room, she asked, “Larry, I’m tired. Can I head in for a glass of tea?” 
“Please make your way back at once because we don’t have any tea for you.” Immediately after he made himself clear, he wanted to close the door. 
Unfortunately, the woman had swiftly sneaked her way in before he could shut her out. 
Staring at the man in front of her, she requested, “Just a glass of mineral water will do!” 
It turns out everything is still the same, including the way the entire place is furnished! As she started surveying the surroundings, Gabriella was overwhelmed by a sense of familiarity. 
After Larry served her a glass of mineral water as requested, he instructed, “Get going the moment you finish it!” 
The woman asked with a sheepish grin, “Larry, do you miss me? I mean, it has been so many years since the last time we meet.” 
“Gabriella, if there’s nothing else, get going already because I need to make my way back to the office.” 
“Alright, I’ll leave once I finish this. If you’re in a hurry, why don’t you head out ahead of me? I’ll get Joan to show me the way out once she’s back.” 
It seems like she’s determined to meet Joan in person, huh? 
“Have I not made myself clear? You’re not welcomed here, and I forbid you from meeting Joan in person! If you need help to regain your memories, go visit the professionals or someone else!” 
Gabriella went dead silent and placed the emptied glass on the coffee table. 
Out of the blue, she pounced on Larry, stating with an aggrieved look, “Larry, I miss you so much.”
“Move away from me!” The man yelled at her, yet she behaved as though she couldn’t hear him and wrapped her arms around him with all her might. 
“Gabriella, let go of me at once!” Irked by the woman’s behavior, he couldn’t take it anymore and tried to shrug him off her by brute force. 
However, his effort was to no avail because she got increasingly clingy the more he tried to shrug her off. 
“Larry, aren’t you aware of the affection I have for you? Why can’t you love me back? I really love you!” 
What’s wrong with this shameless woman? She knows Joan is the only one I care about, yet she has the audacity to confess her affection over and over again! 
He couldn’t stand her anymore. Thus, he repeated himself in a callous tone, “Things will never work out between us! Move away from me and get out of my sight at once!” 
“No! I’m not leaving you! Larry, can we get married?” The moment she brought up the absurd request, she kissed the man on his lips. 
“Gabriella, please mind your manners!” 
… 
Wrapping her arm around Delilah’s arm, Joan asked, “Ms. Young, shall we go get ourselves some pizza for dinner?”
###Chapter 2502
Chapter 2502 
Delilah answered, “Sounds like a great idea. Since it’s getting cold, let’s head over to a pizza joint with a hearth.” 
When Gabriella heard the voice of the duo, she pushed Larry to the couch and forced herself on him. Larry couldn’t move away from her without touching her private areas. 
“O-Ouch! I-It hurts! P-Please slow down!” The women in the yard exchanged glances, they sprinted into the living room. 
“Larry!” Delilah yelled with a look of disbelief. 
Larry, who was rendered incapable of motion, muttered in return, “Ms. Young.” 
Thrilled by the fact she had achieved her goals, Gabriella, who was on top of Larry, smirked when she saw Joan’s expression. 
“Joan, let’s head out and buy the ingredients we need for dinner.” Delilah dragged Joan out of the house once she finished her sentence. 
On their way out, Joan stared dead ahead in silence. Her frustration was written all over her face. Delilah had been trying her best to console the upset woman, yet Joan couldn’t be bothered at all. 
Suddenly, Delilah yelled, “Joan!” 
Snapping out of confusion, Joan asked, “Huh? Ms. Young, what’s wrong?” 
“Have you heard me or not?”
It was evident Joan’s response had irked Delilah. In spite of being aware of the things going on in Joan’s mind, Delilah knew sulking wouldn’t help when the incident had occurred. Instead, she thought Joan should pull herself together and think of a proper solution to resolve the issue. 
Grinning, Joan replied, “Haven’t you said we’re having pizza for dinner? Shall we go get the ingredients?” 
Huh? What kind of joke is this? She was the one who brought up the suggestion of having pizza for dinner! 
Nonetheless, Delilah decided to play along with Joan and showed her the way to the supermarket. “Alright, let’s go.” 
The supermarket market was packed. It was a lively scene, yet Joan wasn’t in the mood to purchase the things they needed at all. Delilah gave up on trying to talk some senses into her and proceeded to purchase the things they needed on her own. 
Out of nowhere, a familiar voice of a man could be heard, asking concernedly, “Is something bothering you?” 
When Joan turned around and saw the man behind her, she gaped at his presence. Dustin! Hasn’t he made his way abroad? 
The man stretched his arms in anticipation of the woman’s hug. “What’s wrong? Aren’t you glad I have returned? Are you still mad at me?” 
He’s such a jerk! How dare he show up in front of us out of nowhere when he has left us without saying anything?
The emotions Joan had been suppressing came flooding out because the man in front of him might have brought about Larry’s misfortune, yet he was the one who had saved her when she needed help. 
“Since when have you returned?” Joan walked over and threw a punch on his chest, interrogating the man instead of returning the favor to hug him. 
Dustin answered, “I have rushed over to visit you the moment the plane touches down.” 
He had made his way back because he was certain Della wouldn’t give up on Larry just yet. 
“Where’s Larry? Why hasn’t he tagged along with you?” 
“After dealing with all sorts of things, he’s currently taking a break at home,” Joan replied with a diffident look. 
She had no intention to tell him the things that had occurred between Larry and Gabriella. To be precise, she was ashamed to share it with an outsider. 
“How are you, Joan? Is everything fine?” 
“Things are fine on my end.” 
Instead of blaming Dustin for the misfortune he had brought upon Larry, she engaged in a casual conversation with him. 
Once Delilah approached the duo, she asked, “Dustin? Why are you here?” 
“Ms. Young,” he greeted her in a courteous manner. 
She tapped on the young man’s head and reprimanded, “Instead of showing up unannounced, you should have gotten in touch with us beforehand!”
Dustin rebuked, “It’s part of my plan to give all of you a surprise.” 
Delilah stared at Dustin in the eyes after taking a peek at Joan. She thought something was odd about the duo.
###Chapter 2503
Chapter 2503 
She had her doubts because his return seemed more than a mere coincidence. 
“Where’s Lucius? Is he fine?” 
When Joan heard Dustin’s question, she answered, “He’s doing great!” 
In the end, Dustin made his way to Delilah’s place as though it was the natural thing to do. 
Meanwhile, the saga in the living room continued. The man yelled hysterically, “Gabriella, get the hell out of the house immediately!” 
Caressing her hair, Gabriella asked rhetorically, “Larry, why are you shouting at me when I just want to have some fun with you?” 
“Haven’t I made myself clear enough? Get out of my sight immediately! I don’t want you anywhere near Joan as well!” 
Gabriella clenched her fists with all her might when she found out he had been yelling at her because of Joan again. 
She started emanating a menacing aura and rebuked the man at the top of her lungs, “Larry, aren’t you aware of Joan’s true colors? You’re willing to forsake everything for her, yet she’s having the best time of her life with your foe!” 
Unaware of the things Gabriella had mentioned, Larry was utterly dumbfounded. What does she mean by Joan is having the best time of her life with my foe?
“See? I bet you’re not aware of the truth, aren’t you? The woman you love wholeheartedly is having a great time with Dustin! If you don’t believe me, why don’t you give her a call?” 
Gabriella’s provocation was part of the plan she had devised with Dustin. 
While making her way into the living room, Joan asked, “Care to join us for a meal? We’re having pizza for dinner.” 
She thought the shameless duo would have long departed after they were caught red-handed. Surprisingly, they were still in the living room. Hence, things ended up getting increasingly awkward amongst them. 
Marching towards the man, Gabriella raised her volume and asked, “Oh? Isn’t this Dustin? Since when have you made your way back?” 
He winked at her and denoted, “I have just reached a few hours ago.” 
“Does that mean Joan is the first person you meet once you’re back? It seems like you’re serious about this friend of mine, huh?” Gabriella placed her arm over Joan’s shoulder with an eerie smile. 
Larry was taken aback by Dustin’s presence as well. He couldn’t figure out the reason Joan had invited Dustin to their place when she was aware they weren’t on good terms. 
Delilah got ahead of everyone and stated, “Larry, Dustin is here because he needs accommodation for the night. We have asked him to join us for dinner as well.” 
“Oh! If that’s the case, can I stay for dinner as well? The more, the merrier, right?” Gabriella looked at Joan in the eyes and asked. 
Joan took a deep breath and raised her volume in return. “You’re right! The more, the merrier! I believe we’re going to have a blast enjoying our pizza!” How generous of her!
“Joan, come over here!” After Larry delivered his instruction, he made his way back to the room ahead of her. 
On the other hand, she behaved as though she hadn’t heard him and made her way into the kitchen instead. Larry was irritated because Joan started preparing the ingredients for dinner and dismissed his instructions and presence. 
“Larry, since Joan is occupied, why don’t you keep me company?” Gabriella leaned over once she brought up the request. 
“Stay away from me!” He ended up pushing her away with all his might. 
Dustin, who was on the couch, continued watching the television as though their interaction had nothing to do with him. 
Larry approached him and asked, “Why are you back?” 
“Why do you care?” 
“Why don’t you tell me the things you’re up to?” 
Out of the blue, Dustin leaned over and looked at Larry in the eyes, asserting in a serious manner, “What else could it be? I have always been up to the same thing.” 
He didn’t bother to conceal his intention at all. Therefore, Larry was conscious of the things Dustin was up to. 
The shameless Gabriella approached the duo and asked, “What are you guys talking about?” 
“It has nothing to do with you. Move aside and get out of our way,” Larry deadpanned his reply.
“Since when have you become such a grumpy man, Mr. Norton?” Dustin asked in a sarcastic manner, pretending to be shocked.
###Chapter 2504
Chapter 2504 
Delilah interrupted the bickering bunch and announced, “I want all of you to keep your mouth shut once Lucious is home! This is my home! If anyone tries anything silly, I will chase them away without showing any mercy!” 
Just cut it off and give me a break already! They’re so annoying! After she glanced at the trio in the living room, she stomped her way into the kitchen and helped Joan to prepare the ingredients for dinner. 
“Is Lucius coming back from school?” Dustin muttered to himself. 
When Larry heard him, he denoted in a callous tone, “That has nothing to do with you because he’s my son.” 
What’s wrong with this man today? Why won’t he stop picking on me? Dustin gazed at Larry in confusion. 
On the other hand, Larry had long ruled out the possibility of the series of incidents being part of Gabriella and Dustin’s plan. 
It wasn’t much of a challenge for someone as intelligent as him to tell those weren’t mere coincidences. Nonetheless, afraid Joan would misunderstand him again, he decided to keep his thoughts to himself. 
When Lucius returned, he greeted Larry and sprinted in his direction. “Dad!” 
“Hello, Lucius.” Dustin greeted the little boy. 
The little boy returned the favor, greeting him with a bright grin, “Mr. Dustin? Since when have you returned? It has been such a long time! I miss you so much!”
“I have returned to visit you because I’ve missed you too!” Dustin stretched his arms in an attempt to hug the little boy. 
Without a second thought, the little boy sprinted toward Dustin, indicating he hadn’t been lying when he said he missed him. 
The curious little boy directed all sorts of questions at Dustin. “Mr. Dustin, how’s everything abroad? Has anyone tried picking on you? Have you starved yourself?” 
Larry was jealous again because Lucius seemed to be on better terms with Dustin. Why does it seem like they have a better relationship? 
Gabriella approached Larry again, offering in a coquettish manner, “Larry, allow me to keep you company!” 
“Stop touching me!” Larry repeated himself in a callous tone. 
Dustin had a great time sharing his experience with Lucius, whereas Larry had to stop Gabriella from approaching him. Delilah and Joan, who were in the kitchen, had no idea of the things going on in the living room. 
In the end, Lucius seemed to have noticed something was wrong. He moved away from Dustin and returned to Larry’s side. 
He asked, “May I know what you’re trying to do? Why have you wrapped your arms around my father’s?” 
The embarrassed Larry shrugged her off immediately. 
She continued putting on an innocent front and asked, “What do you mean? Can’t I wrap my arm around your father’s arm?”
Lucius got worked up and yelled, “No! My mother is the only one who’s allowed to do that!” 
How old are you again? Are you trying to defend your mom when you’re just a brat? 
“Oh, your mother isn’t going to be mad because I’m a close friend of your father. If you don’t believe me, why don’t you ask her?” Gabriella pointed at Joan in the kitchen and beckoned the little boy over. 
After Lucius glanced at his mother in the kitchen, he had his eyes glued to the woman next to her father with a doubtful look. 
I’m sure she’s trying to steal Dad away from Mom! 
He marched into the kitchen and asked his mother, “Mom, who’s that woman over there? Is she a friend of yours?” 
Delilah once told Lucius not to judge a book by its cover. Hence, Lucius, who was aware that Gabriella had always been up to no good, decided to give her another chance after she lost her memories. Little did he know Gabriella was slowly regaining her memories. 
Joan replied in a gentle manner, “Lucius, can you stop poking your nose into adults’ businesses and finish up your homework before dinner?” 
The little boy figured out the meaning behind her words immediately. After all, he had always been relatively mature as compared to his peers. Therefore, he was way more sensitive to others’ emotions. 
“Mom told me she’ll spare you two minutes with Dad because you’re on good terms with him. However, please move away from him after two minutes. Otherwise, I’m going to be jealous.” The little boy finished his sentence in a playful manner.
###Chapter 2505
Chapter 2505 
Delilah ended up chuckling when she came across the scene while making her way out of the kitchen. 
“How have you brought him up? Have you taught him those as well?” Delilah leaned over and whispered in Joan’s ear. 
How am I supposed to teach him something of sorts? Maybe he’s born street smart? Joan glanced at those in the living room and shook her head. 
She muttered to herself in return, “God knows who’s the one behind this?” 
Gabriella scratched her head in confusion. She asked, “Two minutes? Lucius, don’t you think that’s way too short?” 
“Nah, since Dad has his own family, he’s not even supposed to have another woman next to him under ordinary circumstances.” 
Gabriella was stupefied and at a loss for words to defend herself. He’s such a cunning brat! I guess he must have taken after his mother! 
“Alright, that’s two minutes. Lucius, let’s head over and finish your homework before dinner.” Larry got up from the couch and brought the little boy back to his room. 
In the end, Dustin and Gabriella were the only ones left in the living room. Sitting on the couch, they whispered to one another. 
Gabriella asked, “Don’t you think you have shown up earlier than you’re supposed to?” 
“Weren’t you the one who asked me over?” Dustin answered with another rhetorical question.
“Well, I guess we know one another pretty well, huh?” 
Who the heck wants to know you well? If it weren’t because of Joan, I wouldn’t have wasted my time and make the trip back. 
The woman asked, “When are you going to leave?” 
“I’m not sure because it depends.” 
The duo went on and on, catching up with one another without any signs of awkwardness at all. 
Delilah stared at the duo in the living room and asked Joan, “Have Gabriella and Dustin always been so close?” 
Once again, Joan answered with another question. “Ms. Young, are you sure you’re not overthinking things? Haven’t they always been close to one another?” 
“It’s time for dinner!” Shortly after they heard the announcement, everyone showed up in the dining room. 
As Delilah had a relatively cramped dining room, it could barely accommodate those who were there for dinner. They ended up squeezing next to one another. 
Lucius said, “Mommy, I want the lamb pizza!” 
“Alright.” 
Although they weren’t on good terms with their guests because of the conflicts that had occurred in the past, that didn’t stop Joan from preparing a feast. 
Suddenly, Lucius demanded, “Dad, can you get Mom a slice as well?”
Larry was conscious of the things Lucius was up to. Thus, he grabbed the opportunity and served Joan a few slices of pizza as instructed. 
Meanwhile, Gabriella’s face puckered in irritation because she was jealous of how Larry served Joan. 
Unwilling to give up just yet, Gabriella requested in a coquettish manner, “Larry, can you serve me a slice of vegan pizza?” 
Larry looked at her in the eyes and asked in a sarcastic manner, “Are you handicapped or what?” 
Delilah and Lucius tried their best to resist the urge to laugh, yet Gabriella noticed the slightest change in their emotions. 
She decided to try her luck once more. Hence, she asked, “Lucius, can you serve me a slice of pizza?” 
“Sure!” Lucius agreed without a second thought, but when he was about to reach her plate, he dropped the pizza to the floor. 
Immediately, he apologized with a pitiable look, “I’m so sorry, but I guess the pizza is a stubborn one!” 
Gabriella’s expression darkened almost instantly. 
This damned brat! How dare he try to humiliate me? He must have taken after Joan’s shameless character! 
In spite of the vicious thoughts she had in mind, she put on a calm front and replied as though it wasn’t a big deal, “It’s fine, Lucius.” 
Throughout the entire meal, those with a hidden agenda did a great job concealing their respective hidden agenda.
Once they finished their meal, Larry glanced at his watch and noticed it was getting late. Thus, he urged those uninvited guests to leave them alone. 
“Larry, can you send me home? I’m afraid to make my way back since it’s so dark.” Gabriella brought up her request and took a peek at Joan with the corner of her eyes. 
Larry pointed at Dustin who was a few seats away. He suggested, “Why don’t you get Dustin to send you back since he’s here?”
###Chapter 2506
Chapter 2506 
Oh? Has this always been part of his plan? 
Sneering in a vicious manner, Dustin looked at Larry and said, “I don’t mind sending Ms. Ward home, but I’m afraid she’s not willing to leave with me.” 
Gabriella wrapped her arm around Larry’s arm and requested, “I don’t want anyone else to send me home!” 
Lucius couldn’t stand it anymore. He rushed over and said, “Dad, I still have a lot of unsolved questions. Can you show me the way to solve them?” 
“Sure,” Larry answered without hesitating. 
“Larry!” Gabriella continued begging in a coquettish manner. 
“What’s wrong with you? Are you telling me you can’t walk yourself home when I, a little boy, can walk myself home in the dark?” Lucius directed the rhetorical question at Gabriella in a scornful manner. 
All of a sudden, silence fell when everyone heard him because the little boy’s remark made her seem overly pretentious. 
Gritting her teeth, she had no choice but to play along with him. “I guess you’re right, Lucius. Actually, it’s not that much of a big deal.” 
Larry was thrilled because the little boy turned out to be significantly smarter than he thought. He caressed his son with a proud grin.
Halfway through their session, Lucius put his pencil aside and confronted his father in a petulant manner. “Dad, what’s going on between you and that woman?” 
Although he was aware his parents had filed for divorce, he had been anticipating the day of their reconciliation. Unfortunately, a few variables seemed to have gotten in their way. 
“You need to stop minding the adults’ businesses.” 
How am I supposed to stop when that woman has the guts to express the affection she has for you in front of us? If I don’t do anything, it’s the end for our family! 
“Dad, as a man, you need to bear the consequences of your actions. Have you forgotten the things you once taught me?” 
Since when has he turned into such a busybody? I’m well aware of the consequences of my actions, okay? 
Larry assured his son with a determined look, “You know what? You need to stop being a worrywart because things will turn out just fine between your mother and I. It has always been and will always remain the same into the near future.” 
His father had always been a man of his words. Thus, Lucius stopped doubting him because he had faith in his father. 
Lucius added, “With that being said, I think she’s quite a nasty foe that’s going to be a pain in the ass.” 
His father was conscious of that much. Hence, he had been brainstorming the proper way to get rid of her once and for all. The thing that mattered the most was Joan’s opinion of him. He was afraid Joan had misunderstood him once again. 
“Dad, I think you should head over and explain everything to Mom.”
After Larry heard him, he walked out of Lucius’ room. His son didn’t need any guidance from him—it was merely an excuse to get him out of the tight spot. 
Meanwhile, Delilah was the only person in the living room. Sitting on the couch while enjoying the show on the television, she was relatively poised. 
Larry asked her after he returned to the living room, “Ms. Young, where’s Joan?” 
“I think she has tucked herself in and called it a day.” 
After he opened the door of Joan’s room, he saw her sleeping soundly on the bed. A few seconds later, he sneaked his way into the room and joined her in bed, holding her in between his arms. 
“Move away from me!” When Joan raised her volume, Larry did as instructed and inched away from her. 
He ran his fingers through her hair and asked, “Aren’t you supposed to be sleeping?” 
The irritated Joan demanded, “Stop touching me!” 
He knew she was annoyed and wondered if he should consider himself lucky or not. Since she was annoyed, it would indicate she still cared about him and couldn’t be bothered by Dustin’s return. 
Unfortunately, the fact that she was annoyed also implied she was jealous and didn’t have faith in him. 
“Joan, can you listen to me? It’s not what you think it is. Gabriella has deliberately—” 
She interrupted him and said, “You don’t owe me an explanation. I need to sleep because I’m tired.” 
The dejected man felt bad because he wasn’t even given the chance to explain himself.
The next morning, Joan was roused from her sleep earlier than her usual schedule. She headed over to the garden without having her breakfast. 
After Larry woke up, he rubbed his eyes and surveyed the surroundings. Since she was nowhere to be seen, he asked, “Ms. Young, where’s Joan?”
###Chapter 2507
Chapter 2507 
Delilah replied in a petulant manner, “She has long departed way ahead of you.” 
A few seconds later, she asked, “What’s wrong? Have you guys not patched things up yet?” 
“She asked me to leave her alone because she needed to sleep.” 
Joan, who was bored, started trimming the flowers in the garden as though the flowers were the ones at fault. After Delilah showed Larry the way out, she stood at the entrance and yelled, “What are you doing, Joan? Stop ruining my garden!” 
She snapped out of confusion and felt bad for damaging Delilah’s garden. 
At a loss for words, Joan stuttered, “M-Ms. Young, I’m so sorry. I-I didn’t mean it.” 
“Instead of causing me more trouble than you already have, why don’t you give me a break and head back to your room for a nap?” 
Dustin approached them and offered with a smile, “Allow me to take care of it.” 
“What are you doing here? I don’t need your help.” Delilah turned him down without a second thought. 
She wasn’t particularly irked by his presence, but she had to make certain tough decisions for the sake of Larry and Joan’s relationship. 
“What’s the matter, Ms. Young? Have you gotten sick of me?” Dustin directed the question at Delilah in an attempt to pull her leg. 
Truth be told, he was conscious of her concerns, yet he chose to keep mum about it.
Delilah stared at Joan who happened to be nearby and answered, “Considering the number of ladies that have a thing for you, that’s the last thing I would do.” 
On the other hand, Larry felt lightheaded because he had to deal with Gabriella and Della while trying to patch things up with Joan. 
Caspian asked, “Larry, what exactly are you up to? Don’t you know you can’t possibly leave it as it is forever?” 
The man behind the table buried his face in his hands because he was equally confused. Actually, Caspian knew his friend was in a tight spot, but things might spiral out of control soon should he fail to take things in hand as soon as possible. 
“Della has made herself clear you’re the only one she desires.” Caspian reminded his friend. 
Della has refrained from approaching Joan in person because she wants Larry to make up his mind. Unfortunately, Larry will never leave Joan. 
Since Larry remained silent throughout the entire conversation, Caspian asked again, “What about Gabriella? Why has she returned?” 
All of a sudden, Jessica barged into the office and yelled, “Larry!” 
Larry looked at the woman who was at the top of her lungs and said, “Can you mind your volume?” 
His response took Jessica by surprise. 
What’s wrong with him? Have I done anything wrong? Is that possible when I have just shown up? Since when has he gotten so grumpy? Staring at the grumpy Larry with her brows arched in confusion, she asked Caspian, “What’s going on?”
Caspian tapped on her shoulders and said, “Larry is trying to decide on his next best course of action. If there’s nothing else you need, try not to get in his way.” 
She glared at him in return and reprimanded him, “I’m not trying to get in his way, okay? I’m just worried about him!” 
Judging by his look, I think it has something to do with his relationship with all those women around him! Jessica clapped her hands and rushed over to Larry’s side, sizing his expression up over and over again. 
“Larry, who’s the one you have in mind?” 
What the heck? Isn’t it obvious? Joan is the only one he cares about! In fact, the affection he has for her will never waver! 
“Stop annoying me!” Larry yelled in return. 
“Larry, can you mind your manners? I have been pretty polite, yet you’re behaving as though I’m here to pick a fight.” Jessica turned around and tucked her arms, indicating she was frustrated for real. 
He asked in return, “What brings you here today?” 
“Oh! I’m just here to visit you because the fortune teller tells me you’re going to face some real challenges soon! I decided to drop by and see if it has something to do with your relationship problem!” 
“Stop pulling my leg because it’s not funny!” 
Since he had resolved most of the ongoing issues of the company, he could finally take charge of his relationship with his loved ones. He was conscious he couldn’t afford to offend the three women involved in the saga, especially Della.
###Chapter 2508
Chapter 2508 
“What’s bothering you? Why don’t you patch things up with Joan if you’re serious about her? Please tell me you’re not trying to be romantically involved with all of them at once!” In order to guide him to make the right choice, Jessica tried provoking him. 
He found her words reasonable, yet he had yet to figure out the proper way to deal with Della and Gabriella. 
“Although Joan is no match for Della in terms of looks and capabilities, you can’t lie to yourself because Joan is the only one you care about. If that’s the case, why don’t you be frank with her? Meanwhile, it’s a piece of cake to get rid of Gabriella. Just turn her down without holding back. You know what? All of these are nothing more than trivial issues, yet you have turned it into a big deal because you won’t stop overthinking!” 
Larry begged to differ because the world would be a better place if they were as simple-minded as she was. 
“You need to stop blurting out such nonsense because you’re not even aware of the actual situation.” Caspian nudged her and told her to keep her mouth shut. 
“I’m pretty sure both of you are going to consider my idea na?ve again. Is that really the case? Why isn’t it the other way round? Chances are you guys have been thinking too much!” 
Perhaps Jessica was right. Perhaps things might end up in a different way should he hold his ground. He just had to prepare himself for the potential consequences of his decisions and actions. 
Once Larry made up his mind, he said, “Jessica, let’s head out for a meal! Consider it a treat from me!” 
Jessica turned around and stared at Larry with a frown.
“What? Are you trying to tell me you’re not up for a free meal? If that’s the case, I’ll head out without you.” He walked out of his office after he enunciated his reply. 
Jessica yelled and went after him, “Hold on, Larry! I’m coming!” 
Stuffing the pizza into her mouth, she said, “Larry, you’re such a reliable man! I can’t believe you have brought me to a pizza joint just because I’m craving it!” 
Halfway through their meal, Larry asked, “How’s everything going these days? Do you need any help?” 
“Everything’s fine, but if you have some extra income at your disposal, feel free to invest in my business. Well, it’s not like I’m trying to force you into submission or something.” 
Larry was glad Jessica had made up her mind to start up a bookstore of her own. He wouldn’t mind topping up his investment after investing a fortune in the initial phase. 
“Have you made up your mind? How’s everything going?” 
She replied with a determined look, “Yes! I’ll try my best to be the largest bookstore chain in the country!” 
Great! This is the Jessica I knew! 
When Della showed up in the office, she asked, “Where is he?” 
Caspian replied, “He had headed out for a meal.” 
Huh? Why is he out for a meal at such an odd hour? Upon a simple glance at her watch, Della’s brows furrowed in confusion. 
She added, “Has anyone else joined him?”
“M-My girlfriend…” 
Della responded with a smile and was about to leave because she had never once considered Jessica a love rival. 
Caspian stopped her and asked, “Ms. Duff, may I know the reason you’re head over heels in love with Larry?” 
“Well, it’s love at first sight.” 
Della was never afraid of sharing the affection she had for Larry with others because she deemed it necessary to stay true to herself and the values she upheld in life. Be it her relationship or her career— she would choose to have them out in the light. 
“Aren’t you aware the woman Larry cares about is someone else?” Caspian reminded her. 
“I’m well aware of that, but since they have filed for divorce, don’t you think it’s a fair match between us?” 
She didn’t bother to conceal her upcoming plan at all. Perhaps her bold character had something to do with her identity as the heiress of a renowned family. 
When she caught him sighing, she asked, “Do you think I don’t deserve Larry?” 
Is that a joke? In terms of wealth, background, and fame, Larry is the one who doesn’t deserve her! Nonetheless, those weren’t what love is made of because the thing that matters the most in a relationship is the affection that the couples have for one another. 
“Nah, I just think Larry is still going to choose Joan over you.”
Oh? I guess we’ll have to wait and see! No matter what’s in store for me, I’ll face the outcome of my decision with storm and fury! Nonetheless, I believe I can win him over one day! 
“Nope! Time will prove you wrong!” Shortly, she walked out of the office.
###Chapter 2509
Chapter 2509 
She thought if she work hard, she would succeed just like how things worked in the corporate world. Unfortunately, that wasn’t the case in terms of relationships. Some men would pay no heed to other women the moment they fell in love with the one. 
As Joan had been pretty indifferent these days, Larry was on pins and needles. 
Slouching against the couch, Caspian couldn’t wait to know the latest update. He asked, “Larry, is Joan still mad at you?” 
“Mmm…” 
Jessica interrupted their conversation and asked, “Has Joan figured out Ms. Duff’s presence?” 
“No.” 
Jessica couldn’t help but feel anxious on Larry’s behalf when she heard him. She offered, “Shall I talk to her?” 
Larry murmured his reply, “You can always drop by and keep her company if you’re free.” 
Numerous variables and unforeseen circumstances would be associated with a relationship. As a fellow woman, Joan had a huge tendency to overthink things as well. 
Delilah tapped on Joan’s shoulder and queried, “Why are you spacing out again?” 
Joan replied with a sheepish grin, “Ms. Young…” 
“Alright, you need to give yourself a break and head out for a stroll if you have nothing else to do.”
I guess she’s right! 
After she bade farewell to Delilah, she walked out of the garden. 
Truth be told, she felt dejected because things had taken a drastic turn for the worse when she thought the best was about to come. 
“Ms. Watts?” When Joan heard another woman’s voice behind her, she turned around and looked at the woman closing in from afar. 
She couldn’t recall being acquainted with her, yet the woman seemed to be aware of her identity. 
Joan asked in return, “Are you talking to me?” 
“Are you Ms. Watts, Joan Watts?” Della repeated her question. 
How did she know my name? ”Hi, I’m Joan. May I know—” 
Della introduced herself, “I’m Larry’s friend. To be precise, I’m his girlfriend.” 
Excuse me? Has Larry been having an affair with more than one woman behind me? 
As she was dumbfounded by the presence of the woman in front of her, she asked, “May I know what brings you to me?” 
“Can I have a few minutes with you?” Della brought up her request. 
What does she want to talk about with me? Larry? Or perhaps she wants to talk about me? ”I’m so sorry, but I’m afraid that’s impossible because I have quite a lot of things on my schedule. If there’s anything you wish to talk about, please approach Larry instead. I’ll respect his decision.”
When Joan was about to leave, Della got in front of her and repeated herself in a callous tone, “This is something I have to sort out with you.” 
Since Della was exceptionally persistent, Joan had no choice but to cave in to her request. “Alright.” 
“Ms. Watts, please have a taste of the tea. I made it myself” Della handed over the cup of tea to Joan. 
“Thanks.” 
I’m sure she’s an exceptional woman, isn’t she? 
As she started sizing Della up, she got envious all of a sudden because the woman had a great figure and could carry herself in an elegant manner. 
In other words, she seemed like the perfect match for Larry. After Joan took a sip of tea, she lost herself in a train of thoughts. 
“I’m aware about your plans to remarry. In fact, I know you have been keeping in touch with him after the divorce. However, I won’t give up on him just yet. Please don’t blame me for being frank, but I knew he was the one the moment I saw him.” 
I guess I can’t blame you for being frank because he seems to be the one at fault for being overly handsome for his own good. 
Joan stopped holding back and confronted Della, “What exactly are you up to? Do you want me to give up on him?” 
“Actually, it’s the other way round. I hope we can compete fair and square.” 
Are we really competing over a man?
“I don’t think that’s necessary because Larry is capable of making up his mind. He has the right to make the decision. As I have mentioned, I’ll respect his decision.” 
I won’t blame him for not choosing me at the end of the day because that’s just the way things work. It’s not necessary for me to force him into submission if the affection we have for one another isn’t mutual anymore. Relationships can’t be forced. And that’s the truth.
###Chapter 2510
Chapter 2510 
Della held her chest high and asked, “What if he chooses me at the end of the day? Are you going to be upset?” 
Joan answered the confident woman’s query, “It’s inevitable to be upset, but time will heal. One day, I’ll move on from him and our relationship.” 
She was determined to move on from him should he choose to put an end to their relationship. No matter how deeply in love she was, she wouldn’t try to force things her way. Others might consider her a heartless woman, but she was a firm believer of those who truly loved her would never hurt her. 
“Great! I hope you won’t try anything silly like other women out there when the day comes!” 
What kind of joke is this? I may not be a match for you, but I can still uphold my promise! 
“Don’t worry. If Larry chooses you at the end of the day, I’ll leave both of you alone,” Joan enunciated her reply. 
They carried on with the conversation in a calm and collected manner as though it wasn’t a big deal at all. Things were never awkward between them. 
Caspian, who was in Larry’s office, urged when it was time to get off work, “Larry, it’s about time for you to head home.” 
“Alright.” 
On his way home, Larry made up his mind to tell Joan about everything going on between Gabriella and him once he was back.
The moment he stepped into the foyer, he asked, “Ms. Young, where’s Joan?” 
She replied, “She’s not back yet.” 
Where could she be? Upon a simple glance at his watch, Larry noticed it was already late in the evening. He reached for his phone and made a call, yet he couldn’t get through to her. 
He asked anxiously, “Ms. Young, has Joan mentioned anything prior to her departure?” 
“Huh? She’s just out for a stroll. I think she’s going to be back soon.” 
In the meantime, Joan was lying on the beach, enjoying the gentle breeze and the sound of the waves with her eyes closed. 
Dustin approached her and asked, “Aren’t you heading back yet?” 
Joan replied, “Nah, I don’t feel like heading back.” 
“Why don’t you inform them that you won’t be heading back? Otherwise, they’re going to be worried about you.” 
Joan turned around and looked at the man next to him. She picked up her phone and scrolled through the contact log. 
She came across Larry’s contact number, yet she ended up calling Delilah. “Ms. Young, I won’t be heading back today.” 
Irked, Delilah asked, “What? Where are you going to sleep tonight?” 
“I’ll take good care of myself and return once I gather my thoughts.” 
Is she spending the night elsewhere again?
Concerned, Larry asked, “Ms. Young, has something happened to Joan?” 
“What could happen to her? You’re the reason she has run away from home again!” After Delilah finished yelling at Larry, she returned to her room and banged her door shut. 
Dustin asked, “Aren’t you afraid that Larry will get suspicious again if you spend the night away from home?” 
“I don’t know.” 
Is he in a position to question me when he has yet to explain his relationship with Gabriella and Della? On top of that, we’re not related in any way because we have filed for divorce! 
Dustin asked, “When are you guys going to get married again?” 
I don’t think that’s possible because of all the things that have occurred over the past few weeks! 
Joan massaged her temple and said, “I have no idea.” 
The man next to him responded with a smirk. 
“Don’t you think it’s great to remain single? You get to do whatever you want whenever you want!” 
I guess he’s right because it’s not half bad to live a life without any restrictions, but I don’t think that’s possible for me anymore. 
She asked him in return, “What are your plans?” 
“To be honest, I don’t really have any plan in mind.”
What the heck? Is he seriously telling me he doesn’t have a plan for his future? Staring at the man next to her with her brows arched in confusion, she had a hard time comprehending his words. 
Suddenly, he added, “I’ll think of something sooner or later.” 
The duo ended up spending the night on the beach until dawn break. They talked about everything under the sky over the long night. 
Smiling, Dustin brought himself up and offered, “Alright, I guess it’s time to go home. I’ll give you a ride.”
###Chapter 2511
Chapter 2511 
“No, it’s not that far from here. I’ll walk.” Joan spun and paced off in the other direction. 
Back home, Larry snored soundly on the sofa while Delilah and Lucius were still tucked away in bed. The three of them remained in a harmonious state of slumber. 
Right then, Joan gently opened the door. She tip-toed as quietly as a mouse for fear of waking anyone. 
“You’re home,” Larry murmured whilst rubbing his eyes. 
This startled Joan, who then shut the door and curtly responded, “Yeah.” 
“Joan, are you still mad at me? I swear that there’s nothing between Gabriella and me. What happened that day was an accident. Please hear me out this once?” Panic and sorrow smeared all over Larry’s face as he stumbled towards her. 
Fine. Let’s say that there’s really nothing between him and Gabriella. Then what about Della? 
Joan climbed onto the bed and uttered softly, “I see.” 
“Are you still upset?” His voice was brittle. 
“Larry, we’ll talk after you sort out the mess on your end. I’m too exhausted to deal with you now.” There was something hollow about Joan’s voice as if she were barely holding herself together from collapsing. 
Larry tensed with confusion at her dismissal. 
“What do you mean by that?” His brows lowered at once.
At this, Joan’s head fell back as she sneered. How can he not understand when I made it so clear for him? Isn’t he supposed to be the intelligent one? 
Her lips curled disdainfully at the muddled look on his face. She spat, “Della approached me. She told me that she’s your girlfriend.” 
All color drained from Larry’s face at once. Then he stormed out the room without so much as another word. 
“Della! Why the hell did you approach Joan?” Larry barked into his phone as he paced back and forth. 
On the other end, Della teased as if she were oblivious to his anger. “And what’s wrong with that?” 
“I warned you to never show up in front of Joan!” 
Something inside Larry snapped. His jaw twitched as a hideously red shade of anger seeped across his face. He had always handled Joan’s feelings with the utmost care, especially within their relationship. Yet, Della had to come along and stomp around on their relationship. 
Della wasn’t in the mood to argue with him on a call, so she hung up before he could say more. 
Sizzling with anger, Larry left for work. He marched into the office with a stern expression. Seeing this, Caspian hurriedly approached him. ”Larry, what’s the matter? Who’s crossed you?” 
“Who else?” Larry’s voice boomed as he walked over to his desk. 
Jessica? No, it can’t be. He literally bought her a meal a few days ago. Joan? Nah. Why would Joan ever go out of her way to upset Larry? Could it be… Ms. Duff? 
Caspian cautiously proceeded to test if his guess was correct. “Larry, shall we go and talk things out with Ms. Duff?”
“No need! I’m here!” Della’s voice roared louder as she welcomed herself into Larry’s office. 
Her gaze shot over to Larry as she shrilled out, “What’s the rush? And why are you so rude to me?” 
White-hot fury burst from within him. He couldn’t stifle his anger any longer as he thundered at her, “I’ve told you before; there will never be anything between us. So how dare you keep disregarding my words!” 
“I only approached Joan because I wanted to communicate and socialize with her. It’s not like I hurt her or anything!” Della stubbornly said. 
This jerk! How dare he accuse me of having malicious intentions? 
“What for? There’s absolutely no reason for you to reach out to Joan!” Larry growled. 
“There is. I told her that I wanted a fair competition against her to win you over!” Della interjected with an equally loud snarl. 
In the seconds that followed, a heavy silence permeated in the air around them. 
“There’s no need to compete,” Larry declared. Disgust was evident in his rumbling voice, “She’s already miles ahead of you. You’ve lost way before you’ve even begun.” 
How cruel! Does this mean that he won’t even give me a chance? A strange emotion flickered in Della’s pupils as she gazed intensely at him. 
At this, Caspian immediately stepped in and tried to diffuse the tension. “Ms. Duff, Larry isn’t in the best of moods now. Why don’t you come back tomorrow?” 
“That won’t be necessary!” Larry interjected. He then met her eyes with his own cold gaze. “I’m drawing the line once and for all, so let me make myself extremely clear, Della. I never had, and never will have,
any emotional or physical attraction for you.” 
His words were resolute and directly attacked Della’s pride, making her burn red in embarrassment. 
It didn’t take long before she stomped off like a humiliated child. Frantic at the sight of this, Caspian excused himself and scurried after her. Eventually, Larry was the only person left in the office. He rested his head on the table as a gloomy expression coated his face.
###Chapter 2512
Chapter 2512 
“Ms. Duff, please don’t be too offended by Larry’s words. He really cares about Joan, so…” Caspian faltered. 
So? That doesn’t excuse him for yelling hurtful words at me! Della huffed in utter annoyance. 
“Caspian!” Jessica suddenly leaped towards them from out of the blue. 
Caspian turned to ask her, “What brings you here?” 
Before responding, Jessica sized up Della before doing the same with Caspian. Jealousy fizzled inside Jessica’s chest as she eyeballed the two with suspicion. 
“Did I interrupt you from chatting up some hot chick?” she intentionally spat whilst side-eyeing Della. 
“I’ll get going now since I’ve got matters to attend do.” Della then spun on her heels and left without waiting for a response. 
“Ms. Duff, allow me to send you off…” Caspian mumbled. 
Before he could finish his sentence, Jessica yanked him by the ears. 
This made him scream out, “O-ouch! Ouch, that really hurts!” 
She shot him a beady-eyed glare as she threatened, “You’re offering to send her off?” 
“No-nope! She can see herself out,” Caspian surrendered. 
Some distance away, Della had overheard their commotion. She couldn’t help but feel envious of Jessica and Caspian’s loving relationship.
Right after, Jessica invited herself into Larry’s office and announced that she had something to discuss with him. 
Larry couldn’t be bothered to lift his head off the table as he commanded, “Get on with it.” 
Jessica instantly knew that he was upset from his intimidating tone and voice. 
“Actually, it’s nothing serious. I just wanted to discuss about the bookstore with you…” Jessica muttered whilst twiddling her thumbs. 
She felt a little deflated, knowing that he probably didn’t have the heart to go through future development plans for her bookstore business. 
Much to her surprise, Larry shot upright in his seat. This time, his eyes met hers in a focused stare, “Okay, go on.” 
These days, Jessica’s bookstore business was booming. She had already opened up several franchises in the market, all of which were well-received by customers and clientele alike. Therefore, she had plans to expand her business internationally. 
“Do you have a detailed proposal?” Larry inquired, thus formally beginning their business discussion. 
Meanwhile, another eager discussion took place in Nancy and Jory’s home. Nancy’s eyes rounded in disbelief at Joan as she shrilled, “Who the devil is Della? Larry’s girlfriend? Joan, you must be out of your mind!” 
“Quit yelling at me! That witch called herself his girlfriend. Though, I have to admit that she really is an exceptional woman…” Joan’s tone bittered with a hint of jealousy. 
“Yeah, but that still doesn’t make her Larry’s girlfriend!” Nancy urged.
“But she’s into Larry…” Joan murmured as her shoulder slumped dejectedly. 
This was something that Nancy didn’t doubt. 
Larry Norton, the president of Norton Corporation. He’s got rugged good looks, immeasurable wealth, and an alluring personality; he’s basically the ideal husband for most women on this planet. However, he already has someone he loves—Joan! 
“Relax, Larry will never drop you for some random chick.” Nancy shot a comforting smile whilst encouragingly patting Joan’s arm. 
Not a moment later, Nancy’s eyes twinkled with an idea. “Let’s go shopping, hmm?” 
“I don’t want to,” Joan refused right away. 
Nancy understood why; Joan must have felt too mentally and emotionally exhausted to go anywhere. 
“Then how about you stay here and watch my kid for me?” Just as this suggestion left Nancy’s mouth, she excitedly snatched up her bag and dashed out the living room without giving Joan a chance to refuse. 
This woman… how could she be so shameless to ditch her baby with me while she goes shopping? An amused sigh slipped out from Joan’s lips as she watched Nancy scamper away. 
“Ms. Watts, let me.” One of the maids offered to hold the baby instead. 
“It’s okay. I’m not tired,” Joan flashed a soft smile as she politely declined. 
She stayed on the sofa whilst cooing lovingly at Nancy’s baby in her arms. This scene was so heartwarming that even the butler, who stood aside, cracked the faintest smile.
Thud! Back at Larry’s office, someone had kicked the door open. 
“Who’s there?” Larry called out. 
“Me!” Nancy stepped in and shot a death-stare at him. 
“Nancy? What are you doing here?” Larry asked. His eyes rounded with curiosity. 
“I’m here to see you…” Nancy spoke in a normal tone before suddenly yelling out, “and this Della of yours!” 
Della again? Larry felt his temples tighten with an oncoming headache. 
Wait. Hold on. Did Della approach her too? That doesn’t make sense! 
“What did Della want with you?” Larry asked immediately. 
“What on earth is going on, Larry? First, Gabriella and now Della? Do you truly love Joan at all?” Nancy didn’t hold back. Her question struck him like an unforgiving whip.
###Chapter 2513
Chapter 2513 
Larry uttered in response, “Of course I do! I just… I have a lot on my plate recently, things that I need to deal with one by one.” 
“You’d better come clean now. What kind of relationship do you and Della have?” 
“She saved me once…” Larry explained everything to Nancy and asked her to relay this information to Joan. This was because he knew that he was the last person Joan wanted to see now. 
“You’re kidding! Love at first sight?” Nancy’s eyes widened as if they were about to pop out. 
Larry shrugged. “Who knows? Maybe she lied about it. I can only guarantee that I have no attraction whatsoever for her.” 
Seeing how frazzled the man before her looked, Nancy decided against asking any more questions. Her main goal for being here was to find the truth. And now, she had finally connected the dots. 
“So what will you do?” 
“I’m going to ask Joan to marry me,” Larry answered without a trace of doubt. 
Nancy’s jaw dropped at this. He thinks that by marrying Joan, these problems will be eliminated and averted. Little does he know… in this very moment, Joan has lost all intention of ever marrying him. 
In another office, Jory invited, “Why don’t you come over to my place today?” 
“Sure. Are you personally preparing me a meal then?” Dustin responded. 
“Of course! Let’s go!” The two then exited their office and merrily hopped onto their car.
When they arrived, Dustin was shocked to see a familiar woman sitting on Jory’s sofa. “Joan? Why are you here?” 
“I came to visit Nancy and the baby,” Joan answered softly whilst rocking the baby. 
“Where did Nancy go?” Jory asked. He had glanced around earlier but realized that Nancy was nowhere to be found. 
“She went out for some errands. I’m sure she’ll be back soon,” the butler hurriedly responded. 
Jory twitched uncomfortably after hearing this. How could she trouble our guest like this? Having them watch over our baby? Ridiculous! Where are this woman’s manners? Jory removed his coat and tossed it aside. A terrifying glint flickered in his cold gaze. 
“Aren’t you a sweet little thing? Come on, give Uncle Dustin a hug,” Dustin cooed whilst approaching the baby. 
“Here.” Joan let out a burst of bubbly laughter, then gently placed the baby in Dustin’s cradling arms. 
An air of harmony surrounded the two as they lightly tickled and wiggled their eyebrows to entertain the baby. Jory watched them from the kitchen. He shook his head, finding it a shame that the two weren’t romantically involved. 
If only Joan reciprocated Dustin’s feelings… she would lead a much happier life than the one she currently has. Not wanting to dwell on such thoughts, Jory turned away to focus on preparing the meal. 
“I’m back, Joan!” The main door opened to reveal a cheerful Nancy who had a skip in her step as she rushed in. 
“Come and rest now that you’re back,” Joan greeted warmly.
In the kitchen, Jory had heard Nancy’s voice but refused to acknowledge her return. He focused on chopping up the ingredients instead, pretending as if nothing happened. 
The truth was that Jory and Nancy’s marriage was starting to decline. 
Many said that married couples would have to pass the “seven-year itch” before their relationships were sturdy enough to last forever. However, Nancy and Jory’s marriage were nowhere near seven years, but it already had its itches. 
“Hubby!” Nancy hopped into the kitchen and wrapped her arms around Jory’s waist. 
“Hmm?” Jory asked. 
“When did you get back? Did you have to entertain any business clients? Were you around any other prettier women…” 
Nancy’s questions came one after the other like multiple train wrecks all at once. For some reason, Jory felt repulsed by her interrogative behavior. 
“Nancy, I really don’t want to fight when we have guests over. Go rest up somewhere while I prepare the meal,” Jory instructed coldly. 
Nancy bombarded him with these questions whenever he got home from work. He wouldn’t have minded if it were once or twice. However, his patience was wearing thin now that he had to put up with these questions every single day. 
Truthfully, Nancy only reacted this way out of insecurity. It was because she no longer felt like herself ever since she had given birth. Her skin had become textured, and she had lost her toned physique. On top of that, she barely had time to do her makeup or dress up nice anymore.
Everything was different now; she had sacrificed almost every glamorous aspect of her life for the sake of her child. 
Her worries intensified whenever Jory went out to entertain potential business partners. She was afraid that he would abandon her to be with some prettier woman at any given moment. However, what she didn’t know was that Jory would never do that to her. 
Joan could sense that something was wrong in the kitchen. Deciding it wasn’t her place to say anything, she side-eyed Jory but kept her mouth shut.
###Chapter 2514
Chapter 2514 
Nancy dragged herself back to the living room and picked up her baby. She suppressed any hint of hurt from earlier, replacing it with a hearty chuckle as she baby-talked her child. 
“Is everything alright, Nancy?” Joan asked worriedly. However, Nancy shook her head without uttering a word. 
The couple’s tension didn’t go unnoticed by Dustin, who headed towards the kitchen and patted Jory’s back. “Aren’t you going to comfort her? She looks a little sad.” 
“Leave me be. I’ve got my hands full here.” Jory ushered him away. 
What’s up with these two? Dustin glanced at the man before him, then looked over at the two women in the living room. A frown crept onto his face as he asked, “Did you two argue?” 
“Shut up!” Jory bared his teeth and snarled. 
Despite this, things were significantly improving back at the office. Caspian barged in and announced, “Larry, I’ve got some good news!” 
“Get to it then,” Larry ordered. 
Caspian understood and got to it. “Gabriella left!” 
Larry’s spine straightened at this. His eyes twinkled in a focused stare that urged Caspian to continue speaking. 
To this, Caspian gladly obliged. “I heard that she’s being sent abroad by her dad for causing quite a ruckus.”
Finally, some good news! That’s one less problem to deal with. Larry exhaled deeply with relief, loosening his tensed jaw from the earlier events. 
“So now, Ms. Duff is the only meddlesome thing on your deal-with list.” 
If only it were that easy; Della’s constant disruption in my life is equivalent to that of two Gabriellas. Larry’s lips tensed in frustration as he was still very much in a pickle. 
“I think that you should resolve this as quickly as possible. Della’s feelings for you may grow stronger, and if that happens…” Caspian’s voice trailed hesitantly. 
Although Caspian didn’t finish speaking, Larry knew exactly what he was getting at; Della would leech onto him even more than she did now. However, Larry had no idea what could deter Della, apart from marrying Joan. 
At Jory and Nancy’s residence, Nancy had explained everything to Joan. “Do you understand it now, Joan? None of this is Larry’s fault—it’s Della’s. She is the one who keeps throwing herself at him.” 
It turned out that Joan had misunderstood after all. Realizing this made Joan’s chest tighten with an overwhelming sense of guilt. 
Nancy could tell that Joan was on the brink of blaming herself, so she advised, “You guys should stop with the cold shoulders now.” 
“I know.” Joan’s voice came out like a whisper. 
“So you’re forgiving him, right?” 
“There is nothing to forgive. I can only choose to understand his circumstances. Now, don’t you get all worked up. I know what to do,” Joan stated calmly.
She was never an unreasonable woman, so there was no need to question Larry’s loyalty now that Nancy had explained everything. 
Seeing that the mood was improving, Nancy leaned into Joan’s ear with more information to spill. “Tell you what; Larry seems to be preparing a marriage proposal for you.” 
“Tell him that I won’t accept,” Joan declared coldly. 
This caught Nancy by surprise. Wait. Didn’t she forgive him? So why the sudden tantrum again? 
“Joan, what is exactly is the matter with you? Do you not want a married life with Larry? Weren’t you happy back when you two were together?” 
“It’s not that. It’s just… I want him to sort out his private affairs before thinking about marriage.” 
The simple truth was that her thoughts were completely opposite to Larry’s. Larry hoped that if he were married, then Della would have to live with his rejection. On the other hand, Joan wanted Larry to remove Della from the equation before she dedicated her whole life to him. 
Both these thoughts made perfect sense and were absolutely normal. They just tackled the issue from different angles. 
“But Joan… have you considered that Della might take advantage of the fact that you and Larry aren’t married? She might use that excuse to seduce him!” Panic surged in Nancy’s voice. 
Joan obviously knew of the risks, but she wasn’t frightened. True love is not fickle. If Larry’s feelings for me are true blue, then it won’t matter if Della or Gabriella interferes because he will remain unwaveringly loyal to me. 
So Joan answered determinedly, “That’s fine.”
Later on, Nancy called Larry and spared no detail about Joan’s refusal to marry him. Larry’s smile fell into a darkened frown when he first heard this. However, the more he pondered about it, the more his balled-up fists relaxed as he understood the reason behind Joan’s determined rejection. 
I’ll wait for her hand in marriage, regardless of how long it takes! 
Caspian had been in the office this whole time. He couldn’t help but ask, ”What are your thoughts, Larry? Are you following through with Joan’s plan?”
###Chapter 2515
Chapter 2515 
“Yep,” Lary responded. 
“But Della isn’t some innocent girl that you can turn away easily,” Caspian warned. 
“Don’t worry, I’ll manage it.” 
“Manage what?” Della provoked stridently. She had entered the office again without them realizing it. 
An awkward silence filled the space right after she spoke. 
Unbothered by this, Della strutted over to Larry’s desk and leaned over it. She batted her eyelashes whilst speaking in a sickeningly sweet voice, “Seems like there’s been less riff-raff around you, hmm?” 
Larry didn’t think much of this. He responded briskly, “Yeah.” 
Then it hit him. He shot a sharp, suspicious stare at the woman in front of him. 
She did that? 
A sinisterly proud smile crept across Della’s face. “That’s right. I did it.” 
Caspian’s feet shuffled awkwardly at the scene before him. He hadn’t the slightest clue what the two were talking about. 
“There’s nothing that I can’t do once I set my heart to it.” Della’s chest perked confidently as if she were displaying her immeasurable power. 
She then continued with a venomous hiss, “Sloppy women like Gabriella aren’t worthy of being around you.”
Realization swarmed through Caspian’s mind right then and there. Gabriella being sent abroad was Della’s doing! This woman attacks fast. 
“Just like how I haven’t laid a finger on Joan because I don’t see a need to eliminate her just yet,” Della subtly threatened whilst raising her shoulders into a casual shrug. 
She’s threatening me? Larry gradually rose from his seat. His furious gaze intensified on her in an unyielding manner. 
“I heard that you’re proposing to her,” Della snarled. She sprawled herself onto the couch and mocked, “Do you really think that marrying her will stop me from pursuing you? How naive.” 
What a vile woman—I can’t believe she would say such ruthless, shameless things! Caspian’s lips twitched in shock. 
“Ms. Duff, you must have misheard. Larry’s too busy these days to even have time to plan a wedding. That’s nothing but a silly rumor,” Caspian said in hopes of diffusing the situation. 
Then Larry’s voice boomed out, “Those aren’t rumors!” 
He then continued sullenly, “Joan and I will eventually be married. I hope you get this into that thick head of yours.” 
“Aren’t you concerned that I may actually do something to Joan?” Della asked. 
The two men were aware that Della was forced to hold back from attacking Joan this whole time. However, they also knew that Della might lose her cool one day. If that happened, then there was no doubt that Della would take violent measures to satisfy her hatred against Joan. 
Larry challenged her question by asking her another, “Why can’t we just be good business partners?”
“I don’t want to be business partners! I want us to be husband and wife!” 
It’s quite remarkable that she dares to convey her wish so determinedly. A deep sense of respect swelled in Caspian’s chest for Della’s boldness. 
Surrounded by an uncomfortable silence, Della uttered a quick farewell before leaving. “I’ve got other things to do. I’ll be off.” 
Larry froze on the spot as he hung his head in grief and dejection. 
“She’s actually pretty manly,” Caspian whispered in awe. 
“Get out of my face!” Larry barked at wit’s end. 
“What in the world is going on? How dare you yell at my husband!” Jessica growled defensively while putting down her handbag. 
Caspian grinned effervescently at being called her husband. He then played along and stood behind Jessica with his chest puffed in delight. 
“Who are you calling your husband?” Larry questioned. 
“Him!” Jessica retorted whilst pointing at Caspian. 
From boyfriend to husband at this sudden rate? That seems like something these two would do, Larry nodded to himself. 
He then interrogated further, “When are the two of you planning to get married?” 
The man and woman before him became deadly silent. That was because Jessica didn’t have plans to get married in the next few years.
Not wanting to stay in this situation, Caspian dashed outside the office to retrieve a parcel he had collected from earlier. He then returned to the office and placed it on Larry’s desk. “Larry, there was a delivery for you.” 
“Who’s it from?” Larry asked, but kept his gaze on Jessica. 
“I’m not sure. It’s anonymously signed,” Caspian replied. 
At this, Larry raised an unnerved brow as he looked over to the parcel. An anonymously signed parcel? There must be some hidden agenda. Larry immediately dropped the conversation with Jessica. He waved her off, then dashed over to rip open the small, book-sized parcel. 
Thump! A stack of photos fell out haphazardly—they were photos of Joan and Dustin when the two previously spent a night on the beach together.
###Chapter 2516
Chapter 2516 
An ominous aura emitted from Larry. No wonder she didn’t come home that night. It was because she was out with that rotten scumbag, Dustin again! 
“What’s wrong, Larry?” Caspian asked after sensing something was off. 
He approached the desk and was flabbergasted by the countless images. He gasped, “Impossible. Maybe these are edited?” 
“They’re not!” Larry was well-versed in the subject of photoshop. He could easily tell that these photos were untouched and unedited copies. 
Sh*t. He’s definitely upset now. Caspian nervously eyed Larry, whose complexion had darkened into a hideously brown shade of rage. 
“Larry, we can’t arrive at rash conclusions just based on these pictures. Your best option is to ask Joan what happened,” Caspian advised with a cautious tone. 
“No,” came Larry’s curt reply. 
This wasn’t at all an uncommon sight for Caspian as he knew Larry like the back of his hand. Once Larry made up his mind, there was no convincing him otherwise as he would react by mulishly holding his ground. 
“You shouldn’t make such negative assumptions, Larry. Joan isn’t that kind of woman—” 
“Get out!” Larry interrupted. 
Hurt, Caspian clamped his lips shut and left the office.
What’s up with all these sudden incidents? Caspian let out a sigh as his shoulders slumped frustratedly. 
Screw it. I’ll call Joan and let her know. 
“What photos?” Joan sounded confused after Caspian informed her of the parcel’s disturbing contents. 
“The ones where you and Dustin were on the beach.” 
Within seconds, a sharp inhale came from Joan as she recalled going out that night. She didn’t expect anyone to be so interested in her private life. Joan knew that Gabriella wasn’t the one who had sent the photos as she was already long gone. 
“Yeah, I spent a night with Dustin on the beach,” Joan admitted frankly. 
There’s nothing to hide. I’ll take responsibility for my actions. Besides, my conscience is clear because I didn’t do anything that betrayed Larry in any way. 
“Joan, you should explain everything to Larry. He’s absolutely fuming right now,” Caspian suggested. 
“There’s no need for that,” Joan ended the call immediately after saying that. 
Why are they so hot-headed? Caspian sighed at the two stubborn lovers. 
Meanwhile, Joan was fuming for a completely different reason. Why do I have to explain myself to the man who’s supposed to understand me best? Why bother if Larry suspects that Dustin and I have something romantic going on? My explanations will be futile anyway. 
“What’s wrong, Joan?” Delilah asked out of concern. 
“Nothing,” Joan muttered a quick response whilst shaking her head.
“Did you and Larry get into another argument again?” 
“No, Ms. Young. Please don’t worry,” Joan reassured. 
In the office, Caspian glanced at his phone. His lips pursed in a desperate hesitation before finally dialing Jessica’s number. He told everything to her and requested if she could convince Joan to clear the air with Larry. 
“Got it. I’ll go over to Joan now.” Jessica promised in a salute-like manner. 
Before she could hang up, Caspian interjected, “Don’t forget to mind your tone! Play nice when convincing her. Joan isn’t as boisterous as you are, you crazy woman.” 
“What did you say, Caspian? Say it again! I dare you!” Jessica shrilled at the top of her lungs 
“I said that my wife is the world’s most adorable human being ever…” He immediately sang a different tune. 
Caspian wondered why Joan had suddenly become so stubborn. However, he didn’t dare to ask, so all he could do was shove everything onto Jessica and hope for the best. After all, it was easier for women to share private topics amongst themselves. Perhaps Joan might feel comfortable opening up if Jessica was the one convincing her. 
Not long after, Jessica met up with Joan. She asked, “Why don’t you want to explain things to Larry?” 
“There’s not much to explain. If he trusts me, then he won’t need my explanation at all,” Joan’s lips curled against her teeth. 
Upon hearing this, everything became crystal clear to Jessica.
The two lovers were quarreling because they refused to give in and admit defeat. They were only acting out of stubborn pride. 
“Well, you should still talk things out with Larry,” Jessica continued cautiously. 
Joan snorted, “What is there to talk about? Will we talk about Della, his new girlfriend?” 
Oh? This bitter tone… she must be jealous! Jessica’s eyes twinkled at this juicy new bit of information. 
She feigned a sincere expression. “Well, Della’s actually an outstanding woman—the best if there ever was. Most importantly, she’s an ambitious career woman. I’d marry her in a heartbeat if I were a man. It’s just a pity that Larry isn’t the least bit interested in her.”
###Chapter 2517
Chapter 2517 
Although Joan’s expression was blank, she secretly felt a wave of relief as her mind registered what Jessica had just said. 
This was because she was ready to accept whatever fate had in store for her; if Della meant more to Larry than all those years that she and Larry had spent together, then so be it. 
“Alright. Come on, let’s go grab a bite together.” Jessica then held Joan’s hand and led her outside. 
“Tell me the truth, Joan.” Jessica casually looked over at Joan. “Are you pissed?” 
“What do you think? How would you feel if this happened to you and Caspian? Would you be upset?” Joan questioned whilst glancing briefly at her. 
“He wouldn’t dare. If he tries, then I’ll make sure to kick him in the family jewels,” Jessica joked. 
Later, they video-called Nancy, who answered the call with a fierce frown. She let out a pitchy complaint, ”How heartless! Ditching me at home while you guys head out for a nice chat over food?” 
“Nancy, when will you start being more ladylike?” Jessica frowned back teasingly. 
“Forget it! You’ll never catch me all prim and proper in this lifetime!” Nancy barked. 
Her menacing tone startled Jessica, who tossed the phone to Joan and scurried off for some water to calm her nerves. 
“Alright, you’re the VIP of this friend group, so hurry over! We’ll wait up.” Joan then bid her farewell before hanging up.
She still hadn’t figured out what happened between Nancy and Jory, but she knew that there was definitely trouble in paradise. So she took the opportunity since everyone was unoccupied today to solve Nancy’s body image struggles together. 
Jessica had overheard this and was peering over Joan’s shoulders. “You’re really inviting her along?” 
Joan nodded. “Yeah. Nancy hasn’t been feeling her best, so we should help her out and give her some advice.” 
“I can’t believe it. Nancy’s not feeling her best? But she’s always so bubbly and overly hyper,” Jessica mumbled. 
“Who’s calling me overly hyper?” Oh my! How the devil did she appear so quickly? Jessica massaged her temples as if she had a headache. 
Seeing Nancy close in from afar, Jessica scrambled to cover her tracks. “N-no one! I meant myself—I called myself overly hyper.” 
Back at the office, Della appeared once again. She took out some lunchboxes and placed them on a nearby table. “Here are your lunches. I made them myself.” 
Larry disregarded her. Instead, he buried his head into his regular mountain-like pile of work. Caspian, on the other hand, looked at the woman with his jaw dropped onto the ground. 
A strong businesswoman like her knows how to cook? Unbelievable! 
“Larry!” Caspian whispered. 
“Don’t talk to me!” Larry snapped in response. 
Caspian’s gaze flung back to Della. He could only stare helplessly at the woman.
“It’s fine if he’s not hungry. You have some,” Della offered whilst pointing at the lunchboxes in front of them. 
“Why don’t we eat together?” Caspian uttered awkwardly. 
“I’ve already ate,” Della murmured. 
During their awkward exchange, Larry hadn’t even moved one bit. It was apparent that he was displeased by Della’s presence. 
Regardless, Della still sat on the sofa and had her eyes pinned on Larry. Every so often, she would readjust her position by crossing her legs, leaning forwards, straightening her back, tapping her fingers, and so on. She did all of that in hopes of piquing Larry’s attention. Larry knew that she was watching him with eagle eyes. However, he feigned ignorance and continued about his business. 
Perhaps it was to reduce this awkward atmosphere, but Caspian pretended to really enjoy the food. He hoped that his little gesture would give her the recognition that she wanted. 
“I appreciate this, Ms. Duff,” Caspian blurted out. 
“It’s nothing,” Della blandly responded. 
“Don’t bother doing this anymore. I won’t eat a single bite of the meals you make,” Larry grumbled without looking at her. 
“But Caspian enjoys my cooking,” Della whined. 
“Who says so?” Larry raised his head and shot a wide-eyed glare at Caspian. 
“Oh, um… Ms. Duff, I don’t normally enjoy this style of food. Perhaps you should save it for someone else.” Caspian swapped alliances in an instant, taking Larry’s side of the argument.
That’s a big fat lie! These are all really scrumptious! Caspian scolded inwardly. He stifled a pout at the well-prepped lunchbox before him. If only she could deliver me lunchboxes every day…
###Chapter 2518
Chapter 2518 
“Is it not good?” Della turned to look at Caspian and asked with a serious look on her face. 
It tastes so damn good. 
Caspian hesitated for a moment before nodding his head in the end. 
“It’s just not to my taste,” he added. 
Larry looked at his best friend, and his lips curled into a slight smile. 
“Then what do you guys like to eat? I can make them next time…” 
“There’s no next time!” Larry interrupted her before she could finish. 
The air grew still. 
“Della, it’s really pointless for you to do something like this. My feelings toward Joan will not change!” Larry said with a determined tone. 
“Ms. Duff, I think you still don’t understand Larry. He will not go back on his decision once he’s made up his mind. It’s really pointless for you to make him food every day. The timing makes all the difference when it comes to fate. You’re just a little too late,” Caspian whispered. 
She was not just a little too late. In fact, she was late by a few years! Della clenched her fist as her eyes burned with fury. 
Do I really not stand even the slightest chance? Or do I have to take a more extreme approach? Della was at a loss on her next course of action.
She revered the man, but it did not mean that he could just trample all over her dignity like that. 
“Larry, my patience has its limits. I’m a woman with principles!” Della berated as she could no longer hold her anger. 
“Yes, I am a principled man too,” Larry lifted his head and replied impassively. 
“Great, since you’re that heartless toward me, there’s no need for me to put up an amiable front with you!” The woman shouted before she turned on her heels to leave the office. 
Caspian sprung up from the sofa and looked apprehensive. 
“Larry, is Della going to make her move?” Caspian asked. 
“Yes, go protect Joan!” Larry hurriedly said. 
Caspian dashed out of the door without further hesitation. 
“What’s the matter? I stayed up so late last night, and only managed to fall asleep just moments ago…” The woman on the bed said in a coy manner. 
“Jessica! You have to wake up and go look for Joan! She’s going to be in trouble!” Caspian said anxiously. 
Jessica sprung out of the bed after listening to him and sobered up, “Okay! I’ll get over there right now!” She headed for the door even without putting on a coat. 
“What are you saying? I’m doing alright here.” Joan said calmly over the phone. 
“Joan! Where are you? I’m going to meet you right now!” Jessica asked aloud as she ran. 
“I’m home. Lucius wants to eat meatloaf. I’m making it for him,” Joan replied.
“Great, then lock your door right now. Don’t let Della in!” 
Joan was flabbergasted by her words. “Jessica, are you alright? Why are you mentioning Della all of a sudden?” 
“There’s no time to explain right now. Lock your door, and do not open it for anyone other than Caspian and me!” 
Bang! Right then, Joan’s door was kicked down. 
Jessica was stumped as she heard the commotion over the phone. I’m too late. They already made it there. 
“Who are you guys?” Joan put down her phone and yelled at the men fanned out before her. 
“It’s me!” Della appeared from behind the men. 
“What are you doing here?” 
“For Larry, of course!” Della beckoned at the men behind her with her right hand, and they tied Joan up. 
“What are you doing?” 
“Joan, I had wanted to solve the problem amicably, but Larry left me no choice with his heartless ways. As a result, you’re going to suffer my wrath!” Della entered the car as she said. 
“Let me go, Della! This is clearly a matter between the two of you, and you guys are supposed to settle it. What does it have anything to do with me?” Joan screamed as she was dragged into the car. 
“Larry would not have rejected me like that if it wasn’t for you!” Della roared, exasperated at the woman who was standing in between her and Larry.
###Chapter 2519
Chapter 2519 
Della had suffered the humiliation for many days, and she could no longer tolerate it further. If she could compete against Joan on a level playing ground, she would not have ended up completely defeated. 
“Larry had chosen to be with you right from the very beginning. He is not even giving me a chance!” 
Joan had foreseen that things would take such a turn, and was not at all surprised. 
“I’ve said that I would respect Larry’s every decision…” 
“But have you guys ever considered how I feel? I’ve come so far just because of him, and he rejects me just like that!” 
Doesn’t she understand that this is the consequence of her own choice? 
One would not necessarily reap what they sowed in love, and one had to accept the outcome, no matter good or bad. 
“Della, unlike your career, love doesn’t necessarily bear fruit, even if you work hard at it.” 
All attempts to talk sense into Della were in vain as Joan found herself being locked inside a dark room. Nobody responded despite her crying her lungs out. 
“Where is she?” Jessica shouted in the living room. 
“Who are you looking for?” Delilah asked. 
“Ms. Young, have you seen Joan?” Jessica asked exasperatedly.
“Isn’t she at home?” Delilah dashed into her room to check. 
As expected, Joan was not in sight after she searched the whole house. 
“Did something happen?” Delilah asked in a stern tone. 
“Yes, it seems like Della has made her move,” Jessica replied. 
Delilah had heard things about Della, and she knew about the woman. 
“Where is Larry? Let him settle this!” Delilah took out her phone and was about to dial his number. 
Meanwhile, Larry was pacing back and forth in his office anxiously. “Yes, Ms. Young. Don’t worry, I will make sure everything is alright…” Larry replied in a low voice. 
Smack! The man hurled the phone to the floor, startling Caspian who was standing aside as the latter retreated a few steps back. 
“What’s the matter, Larry?” Caspian asked. 
“Joan has been taken away by Della.” 
Damn it, that woman is still not giving up! Larry punched at the wall, and soon blood seeped through his fingers from the momentum. 
“Larry!” Caspian shouted as he looked warily at the man. 
“Call Della. I want to see her.” Larry took the phone on the table and walked out of his office. 
Caspian complied and called the woman to convey Larry’s message. 
“Now? Isn’t it a little bit late?” Della replied impassively.
“No, it’s not late at all, Ms. Duff. Larry had wanted to talk things out with you. He just didn’t have the time previously,” Caspian explained. 
“So, now that Joan is missing, suddenly he has the time to talk to me?” 
Why does she have to set me up like that? Caspian breathed in deeply and attempted to appease her again. 
His efforts proved to be in vain as Della refused to meet Larry. 
“Didn’t I ask you to call her? Where is she?” Larry barked in the café. 
“Larry, she doesn’t want to see you,” Caspian muttered. 
Is she throwing a tantrum? Larry slammed at the table as his eyes burned with fury. 
“Where the hell is she? At the office?” Larry asked. 
“I think she’s home.” 
Della had bought a villa right after getting to the city while Larry remained oblivious to it all. 
“Send the address to me!” The man demanded before he left. 
How dare she lay a finger on my woman! I will not let her off the hook easy! 
Bang bang bang! The banging on the door annoyed Della who was in the living room. 
“Who is that?” She asked aloud. 
Nobody answered the door, but the knocking continued. In the end, she could no longer tolerate the commotion and called security.
“Mister, you’re causing a disturbance. Please follow us.” A few security personnel made their way over. 
“Della, get the hell out of there!” Larry did not give a damn about what others thought about him and berated right at her door.
###Chapter 2520
Chapter 2520 
Della rushed to her door, and briefly explained the situation to the security guard. Then, she let Larry into the living room. 
“What’s the matter?” She did not see the point of beating around the bush. 
It was a rhetorical question anyway. Della knew he was here for Joan. 
“Why did you take Joan away? I’ve said that the matter between us does not concern her!” The man growled. 
“How can you say that? Would you keep rejecting me if it wasn’t for her?” Della retorted. 
“Okay, let me cut to the chase then. Even if there is no Joan, and even if I haven’t gotten married before, I wouldn’t have chosen to be together with you, and it is because we are from different worlds, Della!” 
Della was astonished to hear him. Am I really that bad? Why does he feel nothing for me? 
“Then why don’t you like me?” 
“It’s about all feelings when it comes to love. I simply do not have any for you.” 
Della was at a loss for words to refute the man. 
Feelings were intangible; mysterious. Some people would succumb to feelings at first sight, just like when Della saw Larry for the very first time. Some people would not develop feelings for another person despite having known each other for a very long time, just like Larry toward Della.
“Do you understand, Della? I don’t think you know what love is. Have you ever asked yourself if you truly loved me? Or you’re just feeling indignant that I’m not with you?” Larry continued. 
Yes, Larry was right. She refused to accept the truth that Larry did not have any feelings for her. If Joan could make Larry fall for her, why can’t I? She had always gotten what she was after her whole life. Larry was the ruthless reminder that her reality was not all unicorns and rainbows just as she had thought. 
“Larry, I love you!” 
“Do you know what love is, really? Love is when you feel happy just because the person you love is happy. Do you know why I haven’t proposed to Joan? It’s because I respect her wishes, just like how she respects mine. Now, that is love.” 
His words made her feel like she was a kindergartener bawling for candies, when in fact, she had topped all of her classes throughout her life. 
Why am I so stubborn when it comes to love though? 
“I know. You’re not deliberately trying to hurt anyone. But Della, are you aware that your impulsive acts could hurt someone? Joan has been through it all – abduction, blackmail, and even attempts of murder, but she has never once considered leaving me. Now, that is love! But she’s a woman, and just like you, she gets heartbroken. 
“She just wants to live an ordinary and peaceful life, but you guys keep pushing her into hell…” 
Della felt her heart ache for Joan after listening to the man’s words. 
When have I become so vicious, and toward another woman, no less? 
“Larry, I’m sorry,” Della lowered her head and said in a small voice.
“I’m not the one you should be apologizing to. You should apologize to Joan instead,” the man said bluntly. 
Della was good-natured compared to Gabriella. Unlike the latter, she had only committed the wrongdoing because she had been blinded by her impulses. Larry knew that the woman did not intend to hurt Joan in any way. 
“But the way you’re being so cold toward me really makes me sad,” the woman explained indignantly. 
“I know, and I admit that my attitude toward you that day was rude and uncalled for. I apologize for my behavior, Della. I believe that you’re a rational woman…” 
If I had not been that rude toward her, she wouldn’t have abducted Joan, right? Della’s eyes shone with relief at Larry’s apology. However, the woman felt guilty for what she had done. 
“Release Joan right now!” 
“What the hell? I’ve just captured her and you’re going to release her already?” A man’s voice rang in the corner. 
“Ms. Duff ordered to release her right away,” another man replied. 
“What’s with the chatter? Just do as Ms. Duff told us to.”
###Chapter 2521
Chapter 2521 
“You, get up right now!” A man pointed in Joan’s direction and barked at her. 
Fear and apprehension filled the woman’s face as she crouched in the corner. 
“What do you guys want?” She shouted in despair. 
“What? Do you want to stay here? Get up and leave!” The man growled at her. 
Where to? Are they dragging me somewhere where they would torture me? Joan hugged herself as she attempted to calm herself down. 
“Go, quit messing around!” The man pushed her out of the room. 
Bang! The door slammed shut behind her, and Joan found herself all alone. 
Where did they go? Puzzled, she glanced at her surroundings. She noticed there was a reception. Joan dashed over there and picked up the phone to dial Larry’s number. 
“Larry! Please come pick me up! I’m scared!” She cried. 
“Joan, don’t cry. I’ll come get you. Where are you?” 
Larry was heartbroken to hear Joan cry. He could not bear to see the woman he loved suffer. 
“I’m at the hotel. Hurry up and come pick me up!” 
Larry dashed out of Della’s place, got into his car, and stepped on the pedal toward the hotel. 
He sped past countless red lights at breakneck speed, but no one stopped him. Larry had Caspian backing him up from behind.
“Miss, are you alright? Did someone hurt you?” A hotel receptionist noticed Joan’s disheveled manner and asked. 
“Yes, someone kidnapped me,” Joan replied right away. 
“I’ll call the police!” 
“No, you can’t!” Joan stopped the receptionist right away. 
Not long after, a black car stopped right in front of the hotel entrance. Larry got off the car and dashed into the lobby. 
“I’m here!” Joan waved her hands at the man. 
“I’m so tired!” She leaned against Larry’s chest and sobbed. 
Larry hugged the woman tightly in his embrace as he carefully regarded her in his arms. He had sworn that he would protect the woman with all his might. However, all he ever did was let her suffer. 
“Joan, I’m sorry. It’s all my fault. Don’t cry, okay?” Larry coaxed the woman as he pecked on her cheeks. 
Joan was still in shock, and could not stop crying. 
“Mister, here’s a room key. You’d better bring her upstairs!” The receptionist who was just beside the duo said. 
Larry carried Joan in his arms and took over the keys before heading upstairs. 
He could not care less about going after the men who had kidnapped her as he only had eyes for Joan right then.
“Are you hurt anywhere?” Larry edged himself close to the woman’s ears and asked. 
“No,” she replied in a soft voice. 
“What did they do to you?” He pressed on. 
“Nothing. They just confined me in a dark room, but I was so scared,” Joan sobbed. 
Larry knew that the woman had always been afraid of the dark. She must have been scared out of her wits to stay alone in that dark room all alone. 
“Don’t worry, everything is alright now. It was my fault for not protecting you properly,” Larry mumbled. 
“Larry, let’s get married,” Joan said out of the blue. 
The man lifted her chin and stared longingly into her eyes. She’s finally saying yes! 
“Joan, are you really saying yes?” 
“Yes,” said the woman as she nodded. 
“But…” Joan hesitated for a moment. 
“I hope we could get Della’s blessing,” she added. 
Larry hesitated for a moment before agreeing to it. Given Della’s personality, the woman was sensible enough to give them her blessings. 
“Larry, are you finally marrying Joan?” Caspian asked aloud in the office. 
“What’s there to shout about? Have you been picking up bad habits from Jessica?” Larry glared at Caspian and said.
###Chapter 2522
Chapter 2522 
“I’m just excited for you guys. When are you guys getting married?” Caspian asked. 
“We need to talk to Della first,” Larry lifted his head and gazed out of the window. 
They’re the ones getting married. What does it have anything to do with Della? Bemused, Caspian cast a puzzled look at Larry. 
“Joan has mentioned that she wants to get Della’s blessing,” Larry explained. 
“That will be difficult. Ms. Duff has left.” 
“Where did she go?” 
“Going back to her country, I guess,” Caspian replied. 
Larry thought Della was being really sensible. Her efforts in pursuing true love were in vain, and there was a limited chance that her career could flourish in Chanaea. The better option would be for her to head back to her hometown and thrive there. 
“Ms. Duff is really heartbroken this time, but I think she handled it really well though,” Caspian muttered. 
Larry’s words made a mark in Della’s life, and let her see things from a fresh perspective. He essentially made her realize that no matter how much effort she was putting into the matter, Larry would not have a change of heart. 
“She left you this before she left,” Caspian said and handed over a little package to Larry. 
He opened it, and there were photos of him and Della when they were overseas.
The photos were reminiscent of his time spent together with her; the joy and sorrow alike. 
“Larry, there’s a USB drive here!” Caspian shrieked. 
“Hello, Larry. I guess when you’re watching this, I’m already on the flight back to my country. I know you will be sad to part with me, but don’t. I am really sorry for the thing that happened to Joan. I was being really rash…” 
It was a short video recorded by Della. Although it was not lengthy, anyone who watched it would think that she had put a lot of thought and effort into it. 
“Larry, do you think you should call Ms. Duff?” Caspian suggested in a small voice. 
“No, she will understand.” 
Larry heaved a sigh of relief, not because he was finally freed from her tenacity, but because the woman was finally matured enough to let go. 
“Okay, keep it,” Larry said. 
“What are you guys watching? I want to watch too,” Jessica caught sight of the two and asked. 
“Why are you everywhere? Go away,” Larry said bluntly. 
He never felt the necessity to spare her any niceties. Besides, she was used to it anyway. 
“Larry!” Jessica trotted along and hugged him. 
Joan was bemused at Della’s sudden departure. At the same time, however, the woman was relieved. Finally, she no longer needed to live in trepidation. 
“Larry, why is Della leaving?” Joan asked when the couple was back in their place.
“I guess she doesn’t see the point of staying here anymore,” Larry answered. 
It was not the answer Joan was looking for. Besides, Della was not an unreasonable woman. 
“Did you say something to her?” The woman egged on. 
“Yes, I made it clear to her that you’re the only woman I love,” Larry said as he pinched the woman’s cheeks gently. 
Joan’s face beamed with delight at his reply. 
“Then, when are we getting married?” Larry asked. 
“Who’s getting married to you?” Joan mocked as she tried to push him away. 
“Hey, you can’t go back on your words. You actually proposed to me… Come here.” Larry pressed on. 
Delilah was delighted to see the two all smiles again. 
It was the happy ending that she was looking forward to. Delilah got up and made way to her bedroom. 
Meanwhile, at Jessica’s end. 
“Who are you? Why are you looking for me?” Jessica shrieked as she looked apprehensively at the man before her. 
“Why? Don’t you recognize me anymore?” The man edged closer to her and grinned. 
He knows me? Jessica widened her eyes as she tried to register the man’s face.
###Chapter 2523
Chapter 2523 
He looked quite familiar, but she couldn’t seem to put her finger on where she had seen him before. 
“Can’t remember? It seems like you’re a very forgetful person, Ms. Zimmer!” the man teased. 
To jog her memory, the man continued, “The other day, you went to a bar with Joan Watts and got wasted. Later on…” he trailed off. 
Jessica realized that she seemed to have a vague recollection of this. Tilting her head, she racked through her brains and tried to recall the details. 
Joan told me that I drank with some gang leader that day. And that he didn’t do anything indecent to me… Could this man be him? Jessica eyed him with suspicion. 
“Do you remember now?” he probed again. 
“Yeah. Why are you looking for me?” she asked placidly. 
The man shrugged nonchalantly. “No reason. I just wanted to see you. How are you, by the way?” 
“I’m fine,” came Jessica’s terse reply. 
“Allow me to officially introduce myself. My name is Jasper.” The man extended his hand with a smile. 
However, Jessica had no interest in befriending him. Ever since she started dating Caspian, she rarely interacted with the opposite sex. 
“Uhm, I have to go now. I’ve got things to do.” With that, she instinctively walked away. 
“What? You think I’m not worthy of being your friend?” Jasper called out from behind.
If she wasn’t dating Caspian, perhaps she would have no qualms befriending this man. The fact that he did not take advantage of her the other day proved that he wasn’t a bad person. 
“I’m quite busy these days, so I don’t have time to make new friends. I’m really sorry,” Jessica replied with a trace of guilt in her voice. 
“How about I get straight to the point from now on?” Jasper quipped. 
Jessica was stunned. Get straight to what point? What is he up to? She peeked at him, feeling slightly unsettled. 
“Jessica, I’m gonna be frank with you. I like you,” Jasper declared. 
Caught off guard by his candor, Jessica felt slightly embarrassed. 
Clearing her throat awkwardly, she replied, “I’m sorry, but I have a boyfriend.” 
“It’s okay. As long as you’re not married, I still have a chance,” Jasper countered. 
Crap. Not another problem, please. 
“Again, I’m sorry, but I love him very much,” she explained calmly. 
“That’s because you didn’t meet me earlier,” Jasper said arrogantly. 
This man doesn’t know when to quit, does he? Jessica started to feel impatient. 
“Fine. Since you’re being so straightforward, I won’t beat around the bush either. Caspian is the only man for me, whether in the past, present, or future, so kindly give up because you don’t stand a chance,” she articulated each word. 
I’ve already made it so clear. He should get the hint, right?
“Love isn’t eternal. You may love Caspian today, but who knows? You might fall in love with me tomorrow.” 
Jessica scoffed, feeling slightly helpless. 
The chances of her falling in love with another man were next to zero. Since she had already chosen Caspian, naturally, it meant that she was ready to grow old with him. Regardless of who showed up midway, nothing could get in the way of their love. 
“Jessica!” Caspian called out a short distance away. 
“My boyfriend is here to pick me up. I’ll get going now. Don’t come looking for me again.” After that, Jessica made a beeline for Caspian. 
“Who was that?” Caspian raised his brows in question. 
“Just a stranger asking for directions,” Jessica answered simply. 
Jasper exuded a murderous aura as he looked in the direction the two figures left. 
A few of his henchmen walked over, and one of them spat viciously, “Jasper, should we help you deal with that Caspian guy?” 
“No, don’t interfere. I can handle this myself,” Jasper answered confidently. 
Meanwhile, Caspian had doubts about Jessica’s answer because he noticed the way that man had gazed at her.
###Chapter 2524
Chapter 2524 
While munching an apple on the sofa, Caspian inquired, “That man from just now isn’t your ex- boyfriend, is he?” 
The next second, he let out a yelp when the woman threw a big pillow directly at his head. 
“Ex-boyfriend? Who did you say was my ex-boyfriend?” she shouted, straddling the man to pinch his arm hard. 
“Ow! Stop pinching me. It hurts. I was just joking, okay? Do you have to overreact?” Caspian begged. 
“Don’t ever joke about something like this again!” Jessica snapped, then got up from his lap. 
“Where are you going? Let’s stay like this. It’s quite nice, no?” Caspian wrapped his arms tightly around her waist and said with a roguish smile. 
“Nice my a**! Let me go. I have work to do, you know?” 
At the mention of work, Caspian begrudgingly released the woman in his arms. 
“Give me ten minutes.” Jessica gave him a wink. 
“Why don’t you invite Caspian and Jessica over for a meal tomorrow?” Delilah suggested in the dining room. 
“Sure,” Larry agreed. 
“Dad, I really miss Mr. Caspian and Ms. Zimmer,” Lucius chimed in. 
“Alright, I’ll invite both of them over tomorrow, okay?” Larry replied gently while caressing the boy’s hair.
Larry had long since regarded Caspian and Jessica as his family, so there was nothing wrong with inviting them here for a meal. Delilah, on the other hand, wanted to express her gratitude to Caspian for helping Larry so much recently. 
The next day, Delilah welcomed the guests while chiding, “There’s no need for all the formalities. We’re a family, after all. You really didn’t have to bring any gifts.” 
“It’s no big deal, Ms. Young. What Caspian has is money,” Jessica joked. 
“Larry pays my salary, so technically, he bought it himself,” Caspian replied awkwardly. 
Suddenly, the atmosphere in the house became lively. With so many people around, Lucius was more excited than usual, happily climbing onto Caspian’s lap in the living room. 
“Lucius, behave yourself in front of Mr. Caspian,” Joan chastised. 
The boy pursed his lips and immediately got down from Caspian’s lap. Caspian chuckled and comforted him, “It’s fine, Lucius. You’re only a kid. Come here.” 
“No. Mom said that children must have good manners. You’re my elder, so I have to respect you,” Lucius answered with a serious expression. 
In an instant, everyone in the house erupted in laughter. 
“I prepared all of your favorite food. Baked ribs, chicken wings, braised pork…” Delilah’s introduced all the dishes. 
“Ms. Young, you’re the best! I love you to bits!” With that, Jessica starting eating. 
Whenever she was in Delilah’s house, she would always let go of all her reservations. Hence, everyone had grown used to this.
“Where are your manners?” Caspian nudged her from the side and reminded her. 
“What’s wrong with my manners?” Jessica asked while chewing on a rib. 
“You’re a guest. They’re the hosts!” Caspian elaborated. 
Delilah walked out of the kitchen just then and differed, “What’s this talk about guests and hosts? We’re all family!” 
“Wash your hands first!” Joan came over and smacked Jessica’s hand. 
Both women were so familiar with each other they were practically sisters. Thus, even though Joan admonished her in front of the others, she wasn’t the least bit angry. 
“Okay, okay. Don’t need to get all fierce on me.” Jessica pouted and hurried to the bathroom, all the while muttering under her breath. 
This was how she always was. The sight of food would get her so excited that the basic common sense of washing hands before meals would slip her mind. 
“Why isn’t Mr. Dustin here yet?” Lucius abruptly asked as he glanced at his watch. 
All of a sudden, the house fell into pin-drop silence. “Lucius, what did you just say?” Joan asked anxiously. 
“Mom, I think you should give Mr. Dustin a call.” Then, he murmured to himself, “Could he be caught in traffic?” 
But the problem was, none of them invited Dustin over to the house. Joan blinked at the boy in front of her in confusion.
###Chapter 2525
Chapter 2525 
“I invited Mr. Dustin here. Is there a problem?” Lucius tilted his head, perplexed. 
“It’s no problem at all. Joan, quick. Give Dustin a call,” Delilah urged. 
Put in a tight spot, Joan looked between Lucius and Larry. 
This boy. How could he just invite Dustin over without saying anything beforehand? 
“No need. I’m here,” Dustin announced just as he entered the house. 
Stopping in the dining room, he praised after drawing in a deep breath, “The food smells amazing!” 
“Why are you here?” Jessica questioned. 
“What do you mean? Didn’t you guys invite me over?” Dustin asked in return. 
“Yeah. Didn’t Grandma say to invite everyone for a meal together? So I called Mr. Dustin too,” Lucius said innocently. 
“Let’s eat!” Larry abruptly barked. 
“Let’s eat, let’s eat!” Delilah echoed, trying to diffuse the situation. 
The initial happy and vibrant atmosphere was ruined by Dustin’s arrival. 
Everyone was seated around the dining table, but the air was thick with tension. 
“What’s wrong? Why is everyone acting so strangely?” Dustin broke the silence with a rueful look on his face.
“Everything seems fine to me,” Lucius remarked. 
Perhaps it was because Dustin took great care of Lucius in the past, that was why the latter had a good impression of him. Naturally, he felt it was a must to have him over during this gathering. 
“Let’s eat,” Delilah urged again. 
And so, everyone bowed their heads and dug in. Not a single word was uttered throughout the entire dinner. 
There were initially some after-dinner activities, but they were immediately canceled due to Dustin’s attendance. 
“Mom, didn’t you say we were going to play games after dinner?” Lucius hugged Joan’s legs and asked in an expectant tone. 
“Be a good boy, Lucius. It’s too late now. Mr. Caspian and Ms. Zimmer have to go home,” Joan coaxed. 
Caspian’s heart ached when he noticed the disappointment in the boy’s eyes. Bending down, he hoisted the boy into his arms. 
“I’ll play with you next time, okay? I promise.” Caspian placed a gentle kiss on his forehead. 
“Deal!” Lucius chirped happily. 
Watching this scene, an odd glint appeared in Jessica’s eyes. 
On the way home, she glanced at him and raised the question that had been gnawing on her mind. “Do you like kids a lot?” 
“Mm-hmm. I do,” Caspian answered without giving it much thought.
“But Caspian…” Jessica looked him square in the eye and muttered, “You know that my career is really important to me, so I might not be able to give you children.” 
She knew that she needed to make things clear, lest she unwittingly offered him false hope. 
“I never said I wanted you to give me children,” Caspian replied. 
“But I’m sure you’d want an heir.” 
Caspian reached over to curl an arm around her and reassured, “We can always go for adoption.” 
Having said that, the two of them resumed chatting happily. 
“Hey, if we really adopt a child, should the child have your last name or mine?” asked Caspian. 
“Mine, of course!” 
“Why? Children should always follow their father’s last name!” 
Both of them started bickering again, all the way back to their home. 
“I’ll take my leave now,” Dustin announced at the door. 
“Bye, Mr. Dustin!” Lucius waved at him. 
Larry was sitting on the sofa in the living room, exuding an imposing aura as he completely ignored the man bidding farewell at the door. 
Lucius threw himself into Larry’s arms and asked curiously, ”Dad, why didn’t you say goodbye to Mr. Dustin?” 
Larry clucked his tongue and grumbled, “So many questions.”
How am I supposed to tell him that Dustin is my love rival? 
“Lucius, it’s time for bed. You need to wake up early for school tomorrow,” Delilah urged. 
Lucius peered at Larry for a moment longer before obeying Delilah, padding toward his room. 
“What happened earlier is all my fault. I didn’t make things clear with Lucius, so he ended up calling Dustin over,” Delilah said guiltily.
###Chapter 2526
Chapter 2526 
“It’s okay, Ms. Young. It was just a meal anyway. Let’s not dwell on it since it’s already over,” Joan consoled. 
“Don’t be mad anymore, okay? I know you’re still thinking about what happened at the beach, but nothing happened between Dustin and I that night,” Joan explained while stroking his arm comfortingly. 
Larry pulled her into his embrace and whispered, “I know.” Fortunately, their night ended on a pleasant note. 
One day, when Joan was making her way back, a familiar voice sounded behind her, “Joan?” 
Joan whipped her head toward the voice and was dumbstruck. Didn’t he leave already? Why is he back again? 
“Don’t recognize me anymore?” Jake slowly approached her and touched her arm. 
“Why are you back again?” Joan wrung her hands awkwardly. 
The day he left, things started progressing in the direction that she wanted, but his return was a sign of imminent trouble. 
“Why are you so dazed? What? Not happy to see me?” Jake prodded. 
“No, that’s not it. You’re back because…” she trailed off, unsure of how to act around him. 
“I wasn’t fully prepared when I came here the last time, but now I am. Everything is set,” the man answered, with an underlying meaning in his words. 
“Oh, I see. Congratulations, then. Anyway, I have to go now.” Joan took a step away.
Without warning, the man jerked her into his arms. 
Joan’s eyes widened in shock. “Jake, what the hell are you doing?” she demanded while struggling to break free from him. 
“I missed you so much, Joan,” Jake said in a hoarse voice as he caressed her hair. 
“Jake, let go of me!” Joan ordered. 
“Let me hug you. Just for a while. Please.” The plea in his tone left Joan feeling helpless. 
Even though she felt bad, she knew that a single hug could very likely evoke a multitude of problems. 
“No!” With that, she shoved him away with everything she had. 
Joan raised her voice. “Jake, you should know that even though my husband and I are divorced, we’re still together.” 
So what? I don’t care! True love is unconditional. 
“It’s alright. I can wait for you,” he insisted. 
“But there’s no room left in my heart for anyone else besides Larry.” 
Upon hearing this, Jake’s expression became frighteningly ominous. 
Maybe I should give her some time since she doesn’t seem to understand me yet. 
“Joan, please give me a chance. I’ll prove to you that I’m better than Larry.” 
“I know that you’re a remarkable man, so you should find a girlfriend who’s compatible with you. I’m sorry, but I have to go now.” Joan turned and left.
Not far away, Dustin had witnessed the entire exchange. 
Another love rival, I see. But the enemy of my enemy is my friend. 
Larry Norton, you’ll have your plate full soon enough. The corner of Dustin’s mouth quirked up, and he left in the other direction soon after. 
“Larry, now that the company is back on track, you don’t have to work overtime so often anymore,” Caspian stated in a low voice. 
Some time ago, he had been so busy that he worked until midnight every day. At present, all the problems were resolved, so he could finally have some proper rest. 
Larry answered, “I know.” 
“Now that you and Joan have finally gotten back together, should I book a flight somewhere nice for you two?” Caspian offered. 
Larry understood Caspian’s intention, but right then, he still wasn’t completely comfortable with leaving the company to run on its own. 
“Not now. Maybe some time later.” 
He had once promised to bring Joan on a vacation, but too many things had happened before he could. Thus, their trip had been delayed time and again. 
Caspian studied Larry from a distance and shook his head in exasperation before leaving his office. 
I guess Joan won’t hold him responsible. 
“Joan, your phone is ringing!” Delilah called out from the living room.
“Coming!” Joan yelled.
###Chapter 2527
Chapter 2527 
“Joan, we’re having a gathering today.” A woman’s excited voice drifted over the phone. 
“What gathering? I’m busy.” Joan frowned. 
“I don’t care. You must join us tonight!” The line went dead immediately after. 
What the heck? How often do they have gatherings? I really don’t understand how these girls think. Can their monthly salaries even cover their three meals? 
“What’s wrong?” Delilah asked softly. 
“There’s a gathering,” Joan replied feebly. 
“You should go,” Delilah encouraged. However, Joan didn’t feel like going at all. 
“Just go and don’t overthink it. They probably want to celebrate Dustin’s return tonight.” 
Joan pressed her lips together. Alright, then.After putting down the tool in her hand, she went directly to her room. 
Should I inform Larry? Joan immediately snatched up her phone from the table and called him. 
“The girls are throwing a welcoming party for Dustin tonight,” she said cautiously. 
“Go ahead,” Larry replied curtly. 
He agreed, just like that? Did I hear it wrongly? Joan could hardly believe her ears. 
Larry seemed to sense her disbelief because he explained, “As long as you’re not alone with Dustin.”
The sky gradually darkened. After getting ready, Joan notified Delilah before leaving the house. 
“Don’t come back too late!” Delilah reminded from behind. 
“Okay!” she promised. 
Suddenly, Jake appeared out of nowhere and asked, “Where are you going?” 
“W-What are you doing here?” Joan looked at him in surprise. 
“I’m here to pick you up,” he answered as though it made sense. 
For what? I don’t recall making any plans with him. Joan surveyed the man in front of her with a doubtful expression. 
“We’re going to the movies,” tapping on her forehead lightly, he said in a gentle voice as affection gleamed in his eyes. 
“No, I’m going to a gathering,” Joan rejected. 
He never mentioned anything about going to the movies. Besides, even if he asked, I would’ve rejected him straight away. 
He abruptly put an arm around her shoulders, and with his face only inches away from hers, he asked, “What? You don’t want to hang out with me?” 
This was the final straw. Shoving him away, Joan yelled, “Jake, please keep your hands to yourself!” 
As though impervious to her words, Jake continued, “Then I’ll attend the gathering with you.” 
Has this man lost his mind? What has gotten into him today? At that moment, anger coursed through Joan’s veins.
She absolutely hated it when others kept bothering her, especially when they weren’t that close with each other. 
“Jake, you need to understand that we’re just friends. You’re not obligated to do anything with me, and neither will I allow you to do anything for me. Do you understand?” Joan declared solemnly, hoping that her words would get through to him. 
Of course, Jake grasped her meaning. He was merely deceiving himself because he refused to let go of her, afraid that he might lose her for good. 
“Why won’t you just give me a chance?” 
“Because I’ve already found the most important person in my life.” 
Her answer was simple but convincing. 
“Do I really have no chance at all?” he murmured. 
“We can be friends.” Without waiting for an answer, she skirted around him and left. Jake stood rooted to the spot with his fists balled by his sides. 
But I don’t want to be friends! 
We can either be lovers or strangers! There’s no in between! 
Previously, when I was in the hospital, I already had a good feeling about Joan. I admit, I only felt gratitude toward her in the beginning, but later on, I felt this bizarre feeling gradually taking over my heart. It was then that I realized- I’d fallen head over heels in love with her. 
But she was already in love with that man, Larry Norton!
If she doesn’t love me, fine. But I can’t accept that she’s in love with another man. If I can’t have her, no one else can. 
At the gathering, Dustin leaned by Joan’s ear and asked softly, “Who was that man?” 
“What man?” Joan feigned ignorance.
###Chapter 2528
Chapter 2528 
“The man you met on the road.” 
“He’s just a regular friend,” replied Joan. 
“Come, let’s give Dustin a toast to welcome him back!” one of the girls declared with her glass raised. 
In an instant, the atmosphere turned lively. “Dustin, you left so abruptly, and came back when everyone least expected it too! What’s that all about? “ 
“Yeah, Dustin. Thank goodness I didn’t collapse from a heart attack, or you’d have to take responsibility for me!” hollered another girl. 
Dustin chuckled, but ate his food without commenting. 
There was nothing much to explain. He had left the country because of Joan. Similarly, he had returned because of her as well. He glanced sideways at the woman, who was chatting merrily with the others. 
In truth, nothing else mattered except her happiness. Even if they could never be together, he would be happy as long as she was. Yet, for some unknown reason, he just couldn’t stomach the thought of her being with Larry. 
Perhaps it was a man’s jealous streak at work, or perhaps he just had something against Larry. In short, every time he saw Larry beside her, a sense of extreme unease would overwhelm him. 
“Dustin, why do you keep staring at Joan? Do you like her?” A tipsy girl pointed at him with narrowed eyes. 
“What sort of question is that? Dustin has always liked Joan,” another girl chimed in.
In fact, most of the staff rooted for Joan and Dustin. Everyone could see that Dustin had genuine feelings for her, but she only had eyes for Larry. 
“All of you better keep your mouths shut!” one of the women warned loudly. “Use your mouths to eat, not spout nonsense!” 
This particular staff was the closest to Joan. Hence, she understood the latter the best. 
She knew that Joan would never easily give up on her relationship with Larry no matter how serious the problem was. 
“Alright, alright. Don’t be mad, okay?” The tipsy girl apologized in a whiny tone. 
“Enough talk about this. Let’s enjoy the meal. It’s my treat today,” Dustin gallantly announced. 
With that, the party resumed. 
The door was slammed open all of a sudden. 
“Dustin!” A young and beautiful woman threw herself into Dustin’s arms, like a damsel in distress. 
“What do you think you’re doing? Get up!” Dustin pushed her away while shooting nervous glances at Joan beside him. At that moment, he was filled with panic and exasperation. 
“Dustin, I really missed you!” snuggling into his arms, the woman whined. 
Suddenly, everyone was dumbfounded as they witnessed this scene. “What’s going on? Are they dating?” 
“Impossible, right? There’s no way Dustin would fall for her.”
“Actually, she doesn’t look too shabby…” Subsequently, the staff engaged in an animated discussion. 
“What nonsense are all of you talking about?” Dustin looked at them with a deep frown. With that, everyone stopped talking. However, it did not stop them from making speculations in their hearts. 
But actions speak louder than words. Isn’t it obvious? The woman is blatantly flirting with him. Not to mention, he even comforted her. 
Indeed, when the woman started crying, Dustin couldn’t bring himself to push her away anymore. Instead, he kept comforting her. 
“Alright. Stop crying,” he murmured to her with a helpless expression. 
What is she up to again? Dustin looked away, feeling distressed. 
I already kicked her out of the supermarket back then. Logically speaking, she should hate my guts. Why is she behaving like this? 
The woman in his arms finally stopped crying. Raising her head, she gazed at Dustin with a pitiful expression and asked, “Why didn’t you wait for me, Dustin?” 
“What are you talking about?” Dustin gritted out. 
“I was so sad when you left the country, so I went abroad to look for you, but it was like you vanished into thin air. I was so worried…” she said pitifully.
###Chapter 2529
Chapter 2529 
“Whoa, who would’ve known, huh?” 
“She’s clearly lovestruck!” 
“Dustin, why don’t you just accept her?” A few girls began echoing similar sentiments. 
“Shut up!” Dustin snapped. 
Joan did not feel annoyed by this scene. Instead, she felt relieved for Dustin. 
In life, it was already a blessing to be loved by another, and to her, love trumped fame and fortune. Joan flashed a smile at Dustin. 
However, her smile was like a stab to his heart. 
Shouldn’t she be jealous? Why can’t I detect any jealousy in her eyes? Dustin sighed softly, a wave of sadness washing over him. 
“Dustin, can you be my boyfriend?” asked the woman. 
For a woman, a confession like that required immense courage. 
Everyone released collective gasps and stared wide-eyed at Dustin as they waited for his answer with bated breath. 
“First of all, there’s someone else I liked. And second, even if there isn’t, I still wouldn’t want you as my girlfriend,” Dustin replied briskly while sneaking furtive glances at Joan every now and then.
However, Joan did not once look at him. Instead, she had her head bowed as she trained her eyes on her phone, pretending not to know anything. 
“Is it because of Joan? That someone else is Joan, isn’t it?” the woman demanded. 
As on, everyone shifted their attention to Joan. 
“It doesn’t matter who that someone else is. What matters is that I don’t like you,” came Dustin’s cruel answer. 
“Alright, it’s getting late. Since we’re all done eating, it’s time to head home.” Once again, Joan’s closest friend came to the rescue. 
“Yeah, we still need to work tomorrow. Let’s call it a night.” 
“Joan, listen to me. It’s not what you think it is. There’s nothing going on between that woman and I,” Dustin explained while catching up to her. 
What does it have to do with me? Joan ignored the man behind her and continued walking forward. 
Is she mad? But she clearly wasn’t jealous earlier! Dustin was mystified as he tried to figure her out. 
“Joan Watts!” he abruptly shouted. Finally, the woman stopped in her tracks. 
“I’m really tired, Dustin. I need to go home and rest,” Joan yelled back impatiently. 
“Are you mad about what happened?” the man questioned bluntly. 
“Why would I be? I think the two of you are a great match,” Joan answered in an airy tone. 
“Aren’t you jealous at all?” Dustin confronted her.
“Come on, Dustin. Jealous? I’m couldn’t be happier for you. Besides, you’re not Larry. Why would I be jealous?” With that, she spun around and proceeded forward. 
“Don’t you feel anything at all?” Dustin was undeterred. 
“I do. I feel happy,” she said with a wave of her hand. 
At the gathering just now, she had one too many under the incitement of the other girls. Thus, she was feeling slightly woozy at the moment. 
“You’re drunk?” Dustin looked at her with a scowl on his face. 
“No, I’m not. I’m just happy,” Joan rebuked in a slurred voice and waved him away. 
Under the influence of alcohol, she failed to realize that she was swaying on her feet while walking. 
Seeing her unsteady gait, Dustin slow-jogged over to her and offered, “C’mon. I’ll send you home.” With that, he supported her. 
“No. You need to stay away from me or Larry will be upset,” she protested with a pout. 
Larry again! Is that jerk all she can think about? Dustin clenched his fists as a menacing glint entered his eyes.
###Chapter 2530
Chapter 2530 
Unable to contain himself, he grabbed her arms roughly and shouted, “Why must it be him?” 
“Because I love him,” failing to notice the anger radiating from him, she answered matter-of-factly with an unfocused gaze. 
“Then what about me? After so many years, haven’t you ever considered my feelings?” 
“What the hell, Dustin? Why are you shouting at me? What did I ever do to you?” Joan complained as she thrashed against him. 
“You’re right. It’s not your fault. I was the one who kept lying to myself,” Dustin hung his head and muttered. 
“What’s wrong with you? Are you feeling sick? Do you want to go home and rest?” Joan abruptly held his face with a hint of worry in her glassy eyes. 
“Can you accompany me?” he pleaded with a maelstrom of emotions swirling in his gaze. 
“No, I wanna go home,” Joan insisted and turned around to leave. 
Suddenly, she doubled over and threw up near a tree by the road. 
Just how much did she drink? Dustin’s heart ached at the sight of her heaving her guts out like that. 
“Are you okay? How are you feeling?” He instantly stepped forward to stroke her back in an attempt to ease her nausea. 
“I’m fine. Don’t worry, I can go home on my own,” Joan stubbornly stated.
What nonsense is she saying? It’d be a miracle if she can even stand straight in her current state! 
Without hesitation, Dustin crouched down in front of her and wrestled her onto his back. 
“What are you doing? Put me down right now! What if someone sees us?” she exclaimed. 
“Stop talking!” Dustin chided. 
“Larry…., I wanna go home. I want my hubby…” 
It grated on Dustin’s nerves every time she uttered Larry’s name. 
“Ow! You hit me!” Joan yelped on the bed. 
“No, I didn’t. I only put you on the bed,” Dustin patiently explained. 
“Water. I want water,” she murmured. 
Dustin immediately went to pour her a glass of water and carefully held it to her lips. After taking only one sip, she flung out an arm and knocked the glass directly onto the floor. 
Fortunately, it was only plain water. Otherwise, it would be difficult to clean off the wooden floor. Dustin looked at the woman on the bed with adoration in his eyes. 
It would be more than enough for him if she could stay like this with him every day. 
“Larry…” Joan mumbled while tugging on the blanket next to her. 
Dustin quickly grabbed a piece of tissue to wipe the sweat off her forehead. Then, he helped her out of her coat so that she could sleep more comfortably. 
His throat went dry at the sight of her ample bosom and he gulped.
No! Dustin, you can’t do that to Joan! He struggled to extinguish the desire blazing inside him. 
“Mmm…” 
Suddenly, Joan turned over and hugged him. 
Her alluring scent invaded his senses, and with her lips were right next to his ear, he could clearly hear her breathing. Dustin felt himself losing control. 
“Stay away from me, Joan!” he croaked out. 
But the woman didn’t respond at all. 
After a long time, she flipped to her other side again, leaving Dustin feeling cold and lonely. But he was reluctant to leave this bed and overwhelmed with the urge to hug this woman to sleep even though he was aware that this was a selfish and dangerous thought. 
In the end, he still slept beside Joan. 
The next morning, the sun shone through the window and made everything appear peaceful. 
The woman stirred in bed before slowly opening her eyes. 
She stiffened all of a sudden. Where am I? This isn’t home! It’s not the hospital either! 
She sat up in a flash and scanned her surroundings. Finally, her gaze landed on the man sleeping beside her. 
Oh my God. Did I sleep on the same bed as Dustin? Nothing happened last night, right? She frantically lifted the blanket to look at herself. Other than her coat, she was still fully clothed. So this means we only slept on the same bed, right?
###Chapter 2531
Chapter 2531 
Afraid that she might wake the man on the bed, she got up slowly and picked up the coat beside her, planning to sneak away. 
“Leaving so early?” came Dustin’s groggy voice. 
“It’s late already,” Joan replied awkwardly. 
Dustin rolled off the bed and offered, “Where are you going? I’ll take you there.” 
“No need for that. Uhm, I can walk there myself. You should go back to sleep!” Joan hastily rejected. 
It’s already unacceptable that we slept together on the same bed. I can’t get involved with him anymore! 
Damn it! Who was it who kept forcing me to drink last night? She knocked her head lightly, trying to clear the fog in her mind. 
“Stop it. You’re already not that bright. What if you become dumb by knocking your head like that?” 
“Last night, nothing happened between us, right?” Joan blurted out. 
“What? You’re really gonna pretend nothing happened?” Dustin raised his brows. 
What does that mean? Did something really happen last night? Mortified, Joan stared at the man in front of her with horror in her eyes. 
Calming herself, she continued, “Dustin, this isn’t a joke. I’m being completely serious right now.” 
“Are you saying that you weren’t serious last night?” he asked.
This jerk! Why isn’t he making any sense? Panic rose his Joan’s chest. 
“Last night, did we…” she trailed off as anxiety gripped her. 
Should I tell her the truth? Dustin was in a dilemma. 
If I lie to her, will she leave Larry and come back to me? He hesitated. 
“Dustin! I’m asking you a question!” she snapped. 
“Alright, alright. Don’t worry, I won’t hold you accountable for it,” Dustin lied. 
In an instant, Joan plopped down onto the sofa by the side, a look of disbelief on her face. 
Oh no. It seems like something did happen last night! 
But I’m obviously still fully-dressed! She turned to eye the man suspiciously, hoping that he could tell her the truth. 
Of course, Dustin knew what she was thinking. However, he merely shrugged his shoulders helplessly, not intending to clear up the situation. 
“I dressed myself.” He deliberately motioned at his own clothes. 
Did I dress myself too? Looking down at her clothes, doubt crept into her heart. 
But no matter what, I cannot get pregnant! 
The next second, Joan snatched up her bag from the side and ran out of his room. 
This woman sure runs fast! Dustin sat on the bed, his eyes dimming as he watched her fleeing his place.
Joan did not stop running. As she panted, her features were lined with unease. 
What should I do? How should I break this to Larry? 
“Hey, get out of the way!” 
“Do you have a death wish, b*tch?” 
Joan was currently standing in the middle of the road as she tried to recall the events of last night. Hence, she completely failed to take notice of her surroundings and was cursed at by a few drivers on the road. 
Suddenly, her arm was grabbed and she was pulled to safety. “What’s going on with you?” came Jake’s worried voice. 
When she didn’t answer, he continued probing, “What the hell happened? Why were you so completely out of it?” 
She raised her head in a daze and said, “It’s nothing. What are you doing here?” 
“I came out for a run. When I saw you walking across the road so absent-mindedly, I was worried, so I followed you,” Jake explained, then checked her for any injuries, “How are you feeling? Are you okay?” 
“I’m fine. Don’t worry,” she reassured with a sheepish smile. 
“Where did you go last night?” he inquired. 
“Huh?” Joan’s mind was still whirring. 
“Based on the direction you were coming from, you didn’t go home last night, right?”
Yes, I didn’t go home last night. How I am supposed to explain it to Larry? 
When she remained silent, Jake furrowed his brows and asked, ”What’s wrong? Did someone hurt you? Was is Larry?”
###Chapter 2532
Chapter 2532 
“No, no,” she quickly denied. 
“Are you free tonight? Let’s grab dinner together.” 
“I can’t. I have stuff to do. Sorry.” With that, Joan strode forward. 
Dustin is already giving me a hell of a headache. I want nothing to do with this man! 
Meanwhile, Joan wasn’t the only one facing the same problem. 
“What the hell do you want?” Jessica snapped at the door. 
“You, of course,” Jasper replied with a grin. 
“I don’t like you!” Jessica yelled. 
Jasper was unfazed. “It doesn’t matter as long as I like you.” 
This guy is driving me crazy! How can such a shameless man exist in this world? Jessica turned around and closed her eyes, drawing in a deep breath in an attempt to calm herself down. 
“Jasper, I will say this one more time. I already have someone I love!” 
“That’s fine. I can wait for you. I’m going to prove to you that I’m better than that man by a hundredfold.” 
“Do whatever you want!” 
With that, she slammed the door in his face. With a helpless and dejected look on his face, Jasper remained standing on the same spot.
Jessica was the first woman he had fallen in love with, but fate was cruel because he appeared too late. 
Upon noticing Caspian hurrying over with breakfast in hand, Jasper asked coldly, “So you’re Caspian?” 
The other man stopped in his tracks and sized Jasper up and down, suspicion rising in him. 
“Who are you? Do I know you?” he shot back. 
“I’m Jasper, and I want a fair match against you,” Jasper replied flatly. 
A match? What for? What’s up with this guy? Caspian peered closer at the other man’s expression, as though trying to figure him out. 
Mm. I can see that he’s a loyal and righteous man who places great value in relationships. Caspian easily gleaned that information from the man’s eyes. 
“I like Jessica,” Jasper admitted. 
Suddenly, Caspian’s eyes lit up with realization. He’s that guy from the other day who was asking for directions! 
“And?” Caspian questioned. 
“And nothing. I just thought you should know and be prepared for what’s coming,” Jasper answered nonchalantly. 
What a joke! What is there to prepare for? I’m confident that Jessica loves me and won’t give this guy the time of day! 
“Sure. I wish you the best.” With that, Caspian skirted around him and left.
There’s nothing more to say. I know for a fact that Jessica will never dump me for him! 
Jasper stood motionless with a murderous glint in his eyes. 
“There’s someone looking for you at the door,” Caspian informed in a calm voice while placing breakfast on the table. 
“I know,” Jessica replied cautiously. 
“What are you going to do about it?” he probed. 
“By not doing anything.” Jessica knew that there was no need to explain the situation between Jasper and her because Caspian would understand. 
“Aren’t you going to make things clear with him?” 
“I have, but he just won’t listen. What else can I do?” The house descended into an awkward atmosphere. 
Both of them ate their breakfast in silence and headed out for work soon after. 
Although Caspian believed that Jessica’s love for him was genuine, there were still times when he feared that she would leave him. 
“What’s going on? You’ve been distracted the whole day,” Larry observed in a low voice and questioned, “Did you and Jessica get into a fight?” 
“No,” Caspian answered with a crestfallen expression. 
“Spill,” Larry ordered in a clipped tone.
“Larry, when Dustin pursued Joan back then, how did you feel?” 
Larry looked up and smirked at him. 
“Jealous?” Larry arched a brow at him. 
“No, I’m not.” Caspian’s denial came almost immediately. 
Yeah, right. His expression says it all. Larry stood up and approached Caspian with a knowing look on his face. 
“What? Is someone is making advances on Jessica?” Larry asked.
###Chapter 2533
Chapter 2533 
“A man by the name of Jasper has been troubling her lately.” There was a shred of complaint and lack of self-confidence in the way Caspian spoke. 
“What are you afraid of? Jessica doesn’t even like him.” 
“Yes, she doesn’t fancy him now but as time passes, there’s no guarantee that she won’t have a change of heart.” 
Right then, Caspian finally realized what it meant to feel insecure and miserable. 
“Aren’t you two living together? What are you still afraid of?” Larry reminded him. 
Maybe I’m just thinking too much. Caspian frowned as he ruminated the reasons for his discontent. 
Maybe I care about Jessica too much. Maybe I’m mad that she’s giving me the cold shoulder treatment. I don’t know. I’m just not in the mood! 
“Don’t fret. You’re a man, aren’t you? Stop whining then. Look at you, your face looks all weird!” Larry exclaimed. 
“You’re right!” Caspian replied loudly, and rose to his feet. 
On the other side of town, Joan sat on the sofa in the living room, staring blankly at the ceiling above her. 
The phone next to her had been ringing for a while, but she refused to pick it up. 
The call was from Dustin. She dared not answer.
“Joan! Hey! Are you daydreaming? Your phone’s been ringing for ages. Can you just get that?” Delilah pointed out the obvious as she walked over to her. 
“It’s just one of those spam calls. Some foreign marketing company wants to sell me stuff,” Joan simply came up with a lie. 
“Get into your room then. You’re just going to affect my mood if you stay here,” Delilah urged her to leave the living room. 
Joan collected her phone and shuffled into her room like a zombie. She flopped onto the bed, feeling resigned, as though all her hopes and dreams had been sucked out of her. 
Should I come clean to Larry? What would he think of me if he finds out the truth? All that thinking was making her head throb. 
Noises came from outside the house. Delilah was questioning a man who had dropped by, “And what brings you here?” 
“Ms. Young, is Joan home?” Dustin stated his reason. 
“She’s sleeping in her room. What? Do you need something from her?” Delilah fired another question. 
“I called her several times just now but she didn’t answer. I got worried, so I thought I should check on her,” Dustin said with an awkward chuckle. 
Oh my, how thoughtful! Delilah felt equal parts relieved and sad to see him. 
Joan also heard Dustin’s voice coming from outside. She quickly pulled the covers over herself and pretended to be sleeping soundly.
“Hey! Just what do you think you’re doing? That’s Joan’s room! You can’t just barge in there!” Delilah shouted at the rude visitor. 
What a jerk! Does he not know proper manners? How can he just march into Joan’s room like this? That’s not right. Dustin isn’t always like this. He’s the type who means what he says and knows what he’s doing, so what on earth is happening right now? 
Delilah scrutinized the man who had come knocking on her property as she tried to figure out what he was on about. 
Based on Delilah’s reaction, Dustin deduced that Joan had not told the older woman what happened between them the night before. With that, he did not see the need to barge into the woman’s room. 
“Dustin, you get back here this instant!” Delilah yelled. The volume was loud enough to startle Joan who was hiding in the room. 
Damn, Delilah must have sensed something! Joan sat up abruptly, leapt down from the bed, and dashed out of her room. 
“Ms. Young!” She shouted at the woman on the sofa in the living room. 
Both Delilah and Dustin turned towards her, confusion painted on their faces. 
“Yes?” Delilah asked. 
Dustin smirked when Joan entered the scene. That creepy smirk sent a shiver down Joan’s spine. 
“Um, I’d like to have meatloaf for dinner.” Joan came up with an excuse, hoping to distract Delilah. 
“For god’s sake, girl. Look at the time! If you want to place your orders for dinner, do it later! It’s too early for that now,” Delilah ranted as she gave Joan the side-eye.
Well, I don’t want you talking to Dustin! 
“Dustin, don’t you have other things to do today? You really should get going! Come, allow me to see you off!” With that said, Joan approached the man and made to drag him away.
###Chapter 2534
Chapter 2534 
“Hey, but he just got here!” Delilah shouted for attention. 
“That’s quite alright, Ms. Young. I really do have business elsewhere,” Dustin responded, going along with Joan. 
“What are you doing here then? You should leave!” At the door, Joan nagged at him. 
“What’s this? You seem angry. Don’t you want me to come see you? Do you loathe me that much?” Dustin muttered as he stroked her hair when they were out of Delilah’s sight. 
He wanted to give the woman a hug but Joan retreated a few steps, rejecting his advance. 
“What do you plan to do about us?” Dustin implored her in all seriousness. 
“I, for one, can tell that Delilah doesn’t know about us yet. And… I assume Larry doesn’t know either? When do you intend to tell them?” He had more questions for Joan. 
He understood that he should give Joan some time to deal with it all, but he just could not wait any longer. He did not want such a rare opportunity, which he created from scratch, to go to waste just like that! 
“Slow down, will you? Give me some time,” Joan replied, with a hint of pleading in her tone. 
“Please don’t go looking for Larry. I’ll talk to him,” she added. 
Oh, is that so? Can you admit your betrayal to him that easily? 
“Alright, then. Can you tell me how you intend to deal with this?” Dustin asked. He slowly approached Joan and, ever so gently, pinched her on the cheek.
“Don’t touch me!” Joan yelled upon physical contact. 
“What’s going on?” Delilah barked at the door from the living room. 
“Nothing,” Joan quickly answered. 
“You don’t like me anymore?” Dustin asked indignantly. 
I’ve never liked you in the first place! She glared at him, her face darkened to a gloomy gray. 
Until then, she still could not believe that Dustin, this man in front of her, had the gall to take advantage of her when she was drunk. He even claimed that she made the first move, and that he had obliged because he could not control his urges. 
They chatted for a little more before Dustin left the premise. 
Delilah sat on the sofa in the living room, munching on sunflower feeds as she watched whatever was on television, with nothing but chilly air as her companion. Joan had a bad feeling about this. She thought she could sneak into her room and pretended that no one had come to call, but Delilah had other plans. 
“You have some explaining to do!” Delilah demanded. 
It’s such a mess. Where do I even start? Reluctantly, she turned around to face the older woman just inches away from her. She felt guilty about the whole thing, but she still managed to force a smile. 
“Ms. Young, I’m tired. I… I need a break,” Joan muttered. 
“Then I’ll get you some coffee.” Delilah rose from her seat and headed to the kitchen. 
In the end, Joan did not tell her anything.
They talked about other things before Joan retired to her room. 
On the other side of town, Dustin lay on the sofa with his eyes wide open, staring blankly at the ceiling. 
Perhaps he had indeed crossed the line, but if this was what it took to reel her in, then he would rather be a villain in the story and do a thorough job. 
“Joan!” Nancy called, and she was crying over the phone. She sounded like she was hurt. 
Joan instantly became alert at the sound of her friend’s cry. 
“Nancy, stop crying. Get a hold of yourself. Tell me, what happened?” Joan calmed her down and asked. 
“Joan, Jory wants a divorce! What should I do?” 
Impossible! When the two of them were madly in love and started going out, sparks practically flew, and the whole city got into an uproar because of the news. What’s with the sudden talk about getting a divorce? 
“Hush. Let’s talk outside.” The women had barely talked for two minutes when they ended their call after swiftly deciding on a meeting place. 
“Ms. Young, I’m off!” Joan called out to Delilah as she put on her jacket. 
“Get home soon!” Delilah responded from her place in the kitchen. 
Gosh, this girl’s been acting so strange lately! Delilah shook her head before proceeding with the task at hand.
When the two women finally met, Nancy was a mess. “Alright, Nancy. You have to stop crying. Out with it. Tell me what really happened,” Joan gently coaxed the weeping woman, asking to hear the whole story. The latter wiped away her tears.
###Chapter 2535
Chapter 2535 
“Jory doesn’t want me anymore. He hates me. Joan, tell me, do you think he’s seeing somebody else?” Nancy wailed. 
“Nonsense! I’m sure Jory’s not like that!” Joan disagreed. 
Jory’s just like Larry. He’s the type of businessman who devotes his life to one and only woman. So how can a man like him betray Nancy for no reason? Furthermore, didn’t you just give birth to his daughter? He’s practically on cloud nine, Nancy. Leaving you is the last thing on his thoughts, I’ll bet. Nancy, I think you’re overthinking it. 
Joan studied the woman in front of her, trying to get a handle on what was troubling her. 
“Joan, you don’t understand. Sometimes, I get really scared. Jory’s been working overtime recently…” Nancy continued to vent. 
After listening to Nancy, Joan came to a conclusion. Nancy, I’m sure you’re overthinking it. 
“Alright, alright. Don’t be dramatic, Nancy. First of all, Jory won’t betray your trust. Secondly, you’re reading too much into it,” Joan explained to her as gently as she could. 
“No, I’m not! I’m really scared! You don’t understand. Jory has plenty of young, beautiful women at his beck and call. Look at me, Joan. I’m a housewife. I haven’t touched my makeup in ages. Day in and day out, all I do is take care of the baby. I simply don’t have the extra energy to take care of myself!” 
In the end, it was about the kid. Joan sighed. This was every mother’s struggle. In the beginning, after the baby was born, the mother had to sacrifice her time to tend to the baby’s needs. As the child grew, the mother would have fewer and fewer matters to worry about.
“You’ve got to keep it together!” was all Joan could say. 
“But I don’t want to!” Nancy shouted. Oh, my! When have you become so stubborn? You’re a mother, Nancy. You can’t be throwing tantrums now. No wonder you keep complaining that Jory can’t stand you! 
“Hello there!” came a voice. Jake happened to come across the two women. 
Joan and Nancy were surprised to see him. 
“Joan, is she a friend of yours?” Jake grinned, referring to Nancy. 
“Oh, hi! Jake, this is Nancy. Nancy, Jake,” Joan hastily introduced the two. 
Well, now that they had met each other, certain procedures were due. Otherwise, it would just make matters worse. 
“How did you and Joan know each other? Where did you two first meet? I’m telling you, Joan’s taken, so you better not get any ideas,” Nancy spoke her mind. 
Joan cringed. 
Oh my gosh, Nancy! The guy hasn’t even said anything yet and there you go spilling all that unnecessary stuff. You seriously need to see a counselor! 
Jake just stood there, scratching the back of his head, as he stared curiously at Nancy. The atmosphere turned awkward. 
“Nancy, please, drop it. He knows everything,” Joan reminded her friend. 
The other woman heaved a sigh of relief and said nothing more. She remained silent even after that.
The three of them had lunch together before going their separate ways. Before going home, Joan urged Nancy to keep her temper in check and not unleash it on Jory. The married woman was also told to stop being stubborn and childish. But once Nancy got back, every advice she had received was thrown out the window and she resumed her horrible habits. 
“Has Jory come home yet?” Nancy asked the housemaid. 
“Welcome home, Mrs. Synder. Mr. Synder just called to say that he has a social event and hence won’t be coming back tonight,” the housemaid replied. 
Another social event? How many of those does he have? It’s been days! Nancy kicked off her shoes and, with a frown, slumped onto the sofa. 
No! I have to go see for myself! See if he’s really socializing with his clients… or someone else entirely! 
Without waiting for the housemaid to inform her that dinner was served, Nancy had disappeared from the villa. 
Outside, darkness had fallen. Consumed by excessive jealousy, Nancy no longer feared the darkness.
###Chapter 2536
Chapter 2536 
“Mrs. Synder, what brings you here?” Jory’s assistant uttered in shock when the woman showed up at the office. 
“Where’s Jory?” Nancy demanded to know. 
“Mr. Synder is attending a social event at the moment. Didn’t he tell you?” replied the assistant. 
“Where? Give me the address! Don’t tell Jory I was here!” Nancy got what she wanted and swiftly left the building, stomping her platform heels. 
The assistant was still in a state of confusion as she watched the woman storm out. 
It’s a bar! Why are they having it in a bar? What’s Jory doing in a bar? Why would anyone discuss business in a bar? 
Nancy frowned as she stared at the message she had received, her expression a distorted one. 
Jory, if you’ve really betrayed me, I won’t let you get away with it! 
In one of the private rooms, Jory was busy socializing with other men. He had no idea of the danger that would soon befall him. His assistant tried calling him many times but he ignored the ringing of his phone. 
Around them sat several beautiful women with alluring figures in sexy attire. The scene would only add fuel to the flames of Nancy’s jealousy later on. 
Bang! The door was forcefully kicked open. 
Everyone’s attention turned toward the entrance.
Nancy was not afraid at all as she announced her arrival, walked straight up to Jory, and sat herself down. 
“Why are you here?” Jory glared suspiciously at the woman, his anger slowly boiling. 
Oh, am I not welcomed? Or are you hiding something from me? 
“Why can’t I? I’m here to accompany my husband at his social event. Is that so wrong?” Nancy asked as she surveyed the other men in the room. 
“No, of course not. We’d be more than happy to have you, Ms. Barrymore.” 
“Indeed, Ms. Barrymore. You’re one of the most beautiful women in town. Mr. Synder must be lucky to have you.” 
The few men around him kept swaddling her with compliments, while their eyes traced along Nancy’s perfect figure. No one would have guessed she had given birth just a few months ago if they had not already known. 
“Stop messing around! Get home! Now!” Jory leaned by her ear and commanded. 
“Come on, Jory. These guys don’t seem to have any ions, how can you simply turn me down like that?” Nancy countered, using Jory’s business partners as her shield. 
“Mr. Synder, that’s where you’re wrong. You can’t possibly drive away your beautiful wife, can you?” 
“That’s right, Ms. Barrymore wants to stay here to serve you. You ought to give her a chance,” said another man, stroking his chin. 
Old foxes, all of you! And damn that assistant! Didn’t even bother to warn me! 
Jory grabbed hold of his wife’s hand. He looked absolutely furious.
Throughout the course of the event, Nancy had gotten herself drunk, and so did the other men. It seemed Jory was the only one who remained sober in the entire room. 
“Tell me, Jory! You’ve been seeing someone else, haven’t you?” Nancy yelled, pointing at Jory’s nose. 
“Are you crazy, woman? Get home, now!” Jory made to shove her out of the room. 
“Tell me, which one is it?” Nancy turned to the other drunk women in the room, all of whom were sprawled on the table. “Which one of you girls have been seducing my husband?” 
But no one gave her the time of day, as they were all in a state of semi-consciousness. No matter how loudly she yelled, no one would really get what she trying to say. 
“Jory, don’t leave me, okay? I really love you!” Suddenly, she went ahead and gave her husband a tight embrace. The next thing she knew, she broke into tears. 
Who said anything about leaving you? Who gave you the idea that I’m seeing another woman? The man glared at the woman in front of him and shook his head, feeling resigned. 
“Mr. Synder, I’m sorry. It seems I got here too late.” His assistant appeared at the door of the private room, gasping for breath. 
“Why did you tell her I’m here?” Jory roared at her. The assistant shuddered, her eyes filled with fear as she stared at her employer. 
“Um, sir, I tried to call you, but you didn’t pick up,” the assistant explained, keeping her head low. 
“Just get her home!” Jory ordered.
###Chapter 2537
Chapter 2537 
“No! I don’t want to go home! I want Joan! Joan, let me tell you a secret…” Nancy blurted as she made to slap the man in front of her. 
“What are you talking about? Go home!” Jory yelled again. 
“No! I’m not going home!” Suddenly, the woman shoved Jory into a corner with all the force she could summon. Pointing a finger at him, her eyes narrowed, she muttered something about going to look for Joan. 
This woman’s gone mad! She hasn’t been the same since she’s given birth! 
In the end, Jory was unable to dissuade the drunk woman. Running out of ideas, he took out his phone and called Joan. 
Within an hour, a very anxious Joan showed up at the private room. 
“Nancy, what’s all this about?” She begged for an answer as she held the woman tight. 
“Is that you, Joan?” Nancy lifted her head and asked the woman who had just arrived for confirmation. 
“Yes. Yes, I’m Joan. Come on, let me take you home, okay? We can talk once we get back,” Joan gently coaxed Nancy as she got the woman on her feet. 
“I said I don’t want to go home! Joan, what should I do? Jory doesn’t love me anymore. I’m sure he doesn’t want me anymore! Do you know that, when I went looking for him just now, he gave me this look of disgust! And, in front of so many people, he ordered me to go home!” Nancy complained to Joan in between sobs.
Jory watched the two women. Despite feeling aggrieved, he stayed silent the whole time, leaving a lot of things unsaid. His assistant felt terribly out of place in a situation like this, especially after hearing Nancy’s drunken speech. 
“Mr. Synder, I think I’ll take my leave…” She excused herself and quickly left the private room. 
“Then tell me, where do you want to go?” Joan asked Nancy. 
“I don’t know! Anywhere but home! I don’t want to face Jory!” Nancy resumed her childish rant. 
Jory looked at the drunken woman in front of him, his heart bursting with anger. 
Who’s the reason I’ve been working so hard for? Haven’t I been giving it my all so that you can have a better and happier life? And now, you’re here, and for some reason you’re actually complaining about and doubting me? 
“Okay. I’ll take her to my place,” Joan told Jory. 
“No! You have a husband and a kid. That won’t do. You should take her to a hotel!” Jory said, controlling his emotions. 
“Jory! You son of a b*tch! I gave you a daughter, and yet you’re out here looking for a mistress!” Nancy yelled out loud in a drunken craze, her hands flailing. 
Unable to stand her petulance, Jory finally walked off. 
“Hey, hey. Take it slow. Be careful,” Joan muttered as she helped Nancy stand up. 
Gosh, how much has she drunk? She can’t even stand still! 
“Joan, I’m really, really, tired…”
And so, Joan got them a room in a hotel. Nancy lay there on the bed, moaning and groaning, while Joan did what she could to make her comfortable. 
Larry had returned home to find Joan nowhere in sight. He asked Delilah, “Ms. Young, where’s Joan?” 
“She’s not back yet. Said she’s gone to meet Nancy,” Delilah replied slowly. 
What for? Did Nancy get into trouble again? Larry had his phone in hand. He hesitated for a long minute and ended up giving Joan a call. 
“Hey, Larry. I won’t be going home tonight. Nancy’s got herself drunk. I’m staying with her,” Joan informed him loudly over the phone while rubbing the woman’s back. 
“What does her getting drunk have to do with you?” Larry grunted, apparently displeased. 
“Nancy and Jory got into a fight. I’ll explain everything when I get home tomorrow. I have to go.” And then, Joan hung up the phone. 
Nancy’s a mother now, and yet she can still be such a pain in the neck! Tired of the drama, Larry hurled his phone onto the sofa and went into his room. 
“Joan, I think I miss Caspian,” Nancy blurted. 
No, no, no. Jory’s not going to like it if he hears that! Who knows what that man will do to Caspian! Joan quickly brought a hand over Nancy’s mouth to stop her from rambling. 
“I want to go to bars with him! Caspian won’t stop me from drinking! Jory never lets me drink. He thinks I’m an embarrassment!” Nancy complained even more as she kicked the covers away.
###Chapter 2538
Chapter 2538 
“Caspian, where are you?” 
Some time had passed between Nancy’s last rampage and her recovery. When she finally sobered up, drained of energy, she turned to Joan and asked in a feeble tone, “Really? Did I really do that, Joan? Have I been shouting Caspian’s name last night?” 
“Yes. Loudly, I might add,” Joan replied. 
“I just wanted to drink. Drinking with Caspian had been the most enjoyable times of my life,” Nancy talked about the past. 
Joan knew that Nancy and Caspian were nothing more than friends at the moment. Clearly, the woman had little to hide from him, and Caspian would always tolerate her. 
“Alright, you seem fine now. I’m getting you home, and you should have a nice, long talk with Jory. You should have seen yourself yesterday, Nancy. You’ve gone way too far!” Joan muttered as she got dressed. 
At that moment, guilt and resignation had begun to show on Nancy’s face. 
“I’m just worried, okay? Why can’t he just walk a mile in my shoes?” Nancy complained. 
Oh, dear. Nancy, you just don’t get it, do you? Jory has walked many miles in your shoes! 
“Phone’s ringing.” Joan pointed at the device on the table. Nancy picked it up. 
“When are you coming back? We need to talk,” came a man’s voice over the phone. It was soft and gentle, not wanting the woman to know that he was upset.
“I’m still at the hotel,” Nancy answered. 
After that, there was a pin-drop silence. She hoped very much that the man could come get her, but alas Jory was still swamped with work. 
“I’ll wait for you to come home.” The man hung up the phone after that. 
The device beeped several times, signaling the end of the call and crushing Nancy’s hopes along with it. 
“What now? What did he say?” Joan asked. 
“He says he wants to talk. Joan, come home with me, will you? I’m scared,” Nancy begged her friend, her voice trembling. 
What’s there to be scared of? He’s your husband, for god’s sake! Why are you suddenly so insecure? Why do you stubbornly insist that he’s having an affair? 
“Alright, I’ll come with you!” Joan proceeded to put on her shoes. 
She had no idea how or why the woman in front of her had suddenly become so sensitive, but she was willing to stay by her side while she gradually recovered. 
“Mrs. Synder has returned,” the butler announced as he went to greet Nancy. 
Jory was in the living room, tapping away on the keyboard. He seemed to be dealing with an urgent task. He was so engrossed in his work that he failed to realize any changes around him. 
“Jory,” Nancy went to stand next to him and softly called his name. 
“Oh, you’re back. Give me a moment. I’m almost done,” Jory said without even lifting his head.
So, not wanting to disturb him, the two women sat down somewhere else as they waited for Jory to be done with his work. 
In less than half an hour, the man turned off the computer. 
“Oh, I see Joan’s here too,” Jory greeted the other woman when he noticed her presence. 
Joan merely grinned at him. She had nothing to say. 
“Hubby, what do you want to talk to me about?” Nancy asked. 
“Nancy, can you tell me what’s going on with you lately?” he asked directly. 
Nancy stared at her beloved husband. She was not sure where to begin. She loved the man, so much so that she found herself living in the fear that he would be snatched up by someone else on any given day. 
“Nothing, really.” 
“You don’t trust me?” Jory asked again. 
It was then that Nancy lowered her head and fell into silence. 
It was not that she had little faith in him. Rather, she had little trust in the many other young, pretty girls out there. She should know, women nowadays were more likely than men to make the first move. They would fight tooth and nail to get their targets’ attention. 
“Hubby, it’s not that I don’t believe in you. It’s just…” Nancy hesitated. 
“Just what?”
Finally, she said it. “I’m just insecure, alright?” 
So, to put it bluntly, you have very little faith in me! Jory inhaled sharply as he studied the woman in front of him. 
“Then, tell me. What do I have to do to make you feel safe?” 
His question was a serious one. He had the absolute intention to resolve Nancy’s doubts and anxiety. As a man and a husband, that was his obligation and duty to his wife.
###Chapter 2539
Chapter 2539 
“Actually… I just want you to pay more attention to me, spend more time with me, and… look at me a little more,” Nancy gently admitted her heart’s desires. 
“I see. Thanks for telling me. From now on, after I get off work, I will return as soon as I can, is that alright? I’ll reject all invitations to social events too,” Jory stated. 
He certainly could not put it off anymore. For so long, he had been enduring his wife’s suspicion, not realizing that he had been neglecting her as well. Now that Nancy had revealed what had been on her mind, he ought to try his best to amend his faults. 
“Really?” Nancy asked excitedly. 
Joan liked what she was seeing and hearing. She was happy for Nancy. Hmm, Jory is surely a sensible man! 
“Okay, I think I’ll go now,” Joan declared as she got to her feet, ready to leave. 
But the other woman was persistent. She tugged on her friend’s arm and pleaded, “Don’t go, Joan. Stay with me a while longer.” 
Joan could not quite explain it, but Nancy had a look of grief and misery on her face, and it made her heart ache. 
What exactly has Nancy gone through? How did she become so vulnerable? 
“Alright. Just a little while longer,” Joan gave in and sat back down again.
Shortly after that, Nancy headed to the kitchen to prepare their next meal. While she was out of earshot, Joan took advantage of the opportunity to inquire Jory about his wife. “I hope you don’t mind me saying it, but I think Nancy’s changed somehow. Did something happen to her?” 
Jory sighed first before revealing the truth Joan had been asking for, “Some time ago, our baby fell from the stairs. Luckily, the butler got hold of her in time. The baby wasn’t harmed, but Nancy hasn’t been the same since. She’s constantly on edge and suspicious about things.” 
So that’s how it is! Joan turned back to look at Nancy who was busy in the kitchen. After hearing her story, Joan began to pity the woman. 
“Mrs. Synder, allow me.” The housemaid, who seemed worried, went up to Nancy and offered her assistance. 
“That’s quite alright. I can do this,” Nancy replied and waved her off. 
“I understand now,” said Joan as she rose to her feet. “I think I’ve overstayed my welcome. I should get going. If there’s anything you need, call me.” 
“Thanks for everything!” Jory called out to her from behind. 
White clouds drifted in the clear, blue sky, like cotton candy floating in the wind. Joan looked up and closed her eyes, feeling the caress of the gentle breeze. 
Nice weather we have today! She breathed in deeply, giving herself a moment to relax. If only every day could be as comforting as this one. 
“Joan!” Gosh! She punched her head with her right first in an attempt to clear her mind, but Dustin’s appearance was certainly not a dream. 
“Where have you been today?” Dustin asked in a hurry.
“I was at Nancy’s. What’s up?” Joan asked him back. 
“Want to grab a bite together?” He tilted his head and asked her out. 
What time is it? Joan checked her watch. Oh, it’s getting late. 
“I’ve got to run home. There’s stuff I need to do. See you!” 
“Joan, I really miss you!” Dustin said it on purpose. 
Well, I don’t! Stunned for a moment, Joan quickly composed herself and tried her best to calm down. 
“Look here, Dustin. I think we really need to talk,” Joan said it to his face. 
Talk? About what? Talk about going on a date, perhaps? A mischievous smile crept up the corners of his lips. 
“Okay, let’s go somewhere to eat, then we’ll talk,” he suggested cheerfully. 
Before he could finish his sentence, Joan had left on her own. 
They picked a restaurant and asked for a private room. Inside, it was quiet, perfect for a private chat between two people. 
But Joan had not come for the food. 
“Dustin, I’m sure you’re well aware, but I want to make it clear once and for all. I love Larry. I love him, and only him,” Joan enunciated her words distinctly as she gave him a serious look. 
Right then, a tinge of sadness flashed across his eyes. This man again! Why is it always him? Are you saying that you can’t live without him?
“Joan, I don’t want to hear his name, especially not coming from you,” Dustin declared upfront. 
Come on, no man likes to hear the woman he loves mention another man’s name again and again! 
“Look, Dustin. You have to face the facts. We are friends and nothing more. I cannot think of you as an intimate partner, and for that, I apologize,” Joan continued, hoping to hammer some sense into him.
###Chapter 2540
Chapter 2540 
“You can if you’re willing to!” Dustin spluttered. 
Sorry to burst your bubble. The thing is, I’m not! 
“Dustin, I’m sorry. We have to end this! Let’s pretend that nothing ever happened that night, okay? Consider this a favor… from me.” 
Oh, dear Joan. What lovely eyes you have. So sincere, so firm, and so charming! But I cannot allow things to go your way! I want you, and I’ll find some way to marry you, Joan! 
“Come on, Joan. We can give it a try, you know? I don’t care what’s going on between you and Larry. You’re the only one I want!” Dustin tugged on her arm, for fear she might run away from him. 
No matter what, as long as you haven’t reconciled with Larry, I still have hope! And even if you get back together with him, I’ll keep waiting for you! 
“Please don’t do this. If you keep this up, I’m really going to scream!” Joan warned him. 
Dustin immediately let go of his right arm and adjusted his attitude. 
“I came here today to make it clear to you, once and for all. I implore you, don’t waste your time on me. It’s not worth it!” Joan muttered. 
“No! Of course you’re worth it. You’re the only woman I love, Joan! I won’t accept anyone else besides you!” 
“That’s because you haven’t met the right one,” she added.
What does “the right one” even mean? Two people who share the same ideals, or two people who fall in love at first sight? But how many matches made in heaven are there on this planet? I’ve finally met you, Joan. You, who make my heart beat like crazy. And now you want me to give up without a fight? 
Thud! 
A young man had stumbled into their private room by accident. “Oh, pardon me. I must have the wrong room!” he excused himself. 
“Geez! How can you barge into someone else’s room like that! Get over here, now!” Out of the blue, Jake swung by the private room as he yelled at the intruder. Three sets of eyes met. 
Instantly, everything seemed to have come to a standstill. 
Joan and Jake exchanged glances. It took some time for them to respond. 
“Joan? Why are you here? Who’s this?” Jake demanded to know Dustin’s identity as he pointed at the man opposite Joan. The frown hanging on his face showed that he was not pleased at all. 
“Just a friend,” Joan simply replied. 
Just a friend? Dustin looked away from the man at the door and turned to face the woman. His expression was one of disappointment. 
“And who are you?” Dustin rose from his seat and asked, albeit not in a nice way. 
“Also a friend,” Joan repeated. 
The same answer… The two men promptly understood the situation. 
“I’m telling you, give up on her! Joan’s mine!” Jake fired first.
Exactly who should give up here? What a joke! Dustin turned away in disdain. He remained quiet. 
“Stop it! You, just get out of here!” Joan barked at Jake who was just a few steps away. 
Jake gave Dustin a fierce look in the eye, before he eventually left the two in peace. 
Once more, Joan and Dustin were left to their devices in the private room. An awkward silence ensued. 
“So… what’s going on between you and him?” Dustin was first to break the deadlock. 
“Like I said, we’re just friends,” Joan casually answered. 
Do you take me for an idiot? Just friends? Do you think I can’t see it? That guy obviously has a crush on you! 
“Joan, you have to be careful,” he warned her. 
Joan, taken aback by his words, looked up at him. 
“He likes you,” he added. 
I know. I just never said yes to him. 
“I wonder… Are you rejecting me because of Larry or because of that guy just now?” 
What the hell did you just say? Are you seriously thinking that I’m somehow involved with Jake？ Joan found his reaction absurd. “Dustin, watch your tongue. Nothing’s changed between Larry and I, and it’ll stay that way,” she exclaimed, loud and clear. 
The man in front of her breathed a sigh of relief. Over the course of a meal, Joan’s attempt to convince Dustin to stop pursuing her had been unsuccessful. Quite simply, Dustin could be very persistent. He
could go to any lengths necessary to get his hands on his prize.
###Chapter 2541
Chapter 2541 
“What did you say? You saw Joan having a meal with Dustin? In a private room?” Larry yelled from his seat in the office. He was currently facing Caspian, the bringer of the disturbing news. 
“Yes, I saw them with my own eyes. Larry, do you want to check it out for yourself? I fear that Dustin would make a move on Joan,” Caspian suggested out of concern. 
“That’s not necessary!” Larry stopped him. 
Caspian could not help but wonder how his superior could remain so calm. 
The last time Larry found out about Joan and Dustin, he practically lost his marbles. This time, he seemed indifferent about the whole ordeal! 
“Larry, you really aren’t going?” Caspian inquired again. 
“No!” Larry bellowed. 
There was no doubt that he was angry, but he managed to keep his emotions contained. Caspian paused for a moment. Then he excused himself and slowly backed out of the office. 
Dustin, that scoundrel! What will it take for him to stop pursuing Joan? Larry stood in front of the window overlooking a lighthouse in the distance. A stern expression hung on his face. 
But why would Joan want to stay in contact with him? Larry could not quite figure that out. She clearly knew that Dustin had tampered with Norton Corporation. She clearly knew what Larry thought about Dustin and his unusual hostility towards the man! 
On the other side of town, Joan picked up her bag and got to her feet. “I’m leaving!” she announced.
“Where are you going next? I can take you there,” Dustin stood up and offered. 
“That won’t be necessary!” She exclaimed harshly and strode away. 
The woman’s cruel rejection sent a chill down Dustin’s spine as he watched her go away while he stayed rooted to the spot. He could not explain why, but the more Joan played hard to get, the more Dustin yearned to conquer her. 
Joan… One day, you’ll choose to be with me! He swore he would make it happen. 
Delilah was going about her business when Joan returned. “Oh, you’re home!” she greeted her. 
“Yes, I am,” Joan answered feebly. 
“What’s wrong? Something got you in a bad mood?” Delilah asked kindly. 
“No, I’m just a little tired.” Joan forced a smile and retired to her room. 
But Delilah begged to differ. She believed that the younger woman had something on her mind but was reluctant to share it with her. 
“Joan, are you alright? You seem distracted for several days now, and jumpy too. Do you want to talk about it?” Delilah asked tentatively. 
Instantly, Joan kept her guard up. 
“Ms. Young, what do you mean by that? What else can I be doing? I’ve only been cooking and helping out in the garden,” Joan defended herself. 
“Oh, Dustin came by a while ago. He wants you back at the supermarket,” Delilah informed her.
“Okay,” Joan said. Then, she gently opened the door and flopped onto her large big bed. Using her arms as a pillow, she got to work sorting out her thoughts and emotions. 
How am I going to tell Larry and Delilah about my affair with Dustin? Do I have to keep hiding it like this? If Dustin doesn’t say anything, and I don’t say anything, it can continue to stay a secret. Hmm, that doesn’t sound so bad. Joan turned over to stare at the sky outside. Her mind was all over the place. 
Why must there be so many obstacles in life? Fortune does not smile on me. Why am I so unlucky? Why have I gone on to commit the forbidden deed with a man I don’t love? Right then, Joan found herself consumed by sorrow. 
“Mom!” Outside her room, Lucius called out to her as he knocked on the door. 
Startled, Joan sat up and composed herself as quickly as she could. Then, she slowly got out of the bed and went to open the door. 
“What is it, Lucius?” Joan asked her son. 
“Mom, you have to come to school tomorrow,” Lucius blinked at her as he told her the news. 
Is it a parent-teacher conference, or another family event? Joan observed her son quizzically as she waited for him to continue. 
“We’re having a parent-teacher conference at school tomorrow,” the boy explained. 
“I see. Thank you for telling me,” Joan said, appreciating the update. Then, she squatted down and kissed Lucius on the forehead.
###Chapter 2542
Chapter 2542 
The next day, Joan woke up rather early. She spent some time fixing the first meal of the day in the kitchen. After that, and with some time to spare, she stayed in the dining room as she waited for Lucius to rise. 
“Good morning! Time for breakfast,” Joan greeted Lucius who had just come out of his room, rubbing his eyes. 
“Mom, you’re up early. The parent-teacher conference is in the afternoon,” Lucius informed her, but not before letting out a yawn. 
“Oh, it’s not about that. Go get your breakfast,” Joan urged the boy. 
“Are you going to the parent-teacher conference?” Delilah asked her from her spot on the sofa after the child left the room. 
“Yes, of course,” Joan answered. 
Delilah looked like she wanted to tell Joan something, but she eventually resisted the idea. 
Life was always full of surprises. No one would ever know what would happen in the next second. Joan, for example, had not expected that she would bump into a familiar figure at the parent-teacher conference later in the afternoon. 
“Ms. Young, do you think I look nice in this?” Joan nervously asked for Delilah’s opinion. 
Before she left the house that day, she had received a call from Lucius’ homeroom teacher informing her that, as a parent representative, she would be giving a speech at the event.
“It’s fine. You better get going now. There’s no time to fuss. You know you look good in anything,” came Delilah’s rather impatient response. 
“No, you have to tell me, Delilah. Do I look nice in this or not? I don’t want to embarrass Lucius in front of the class,” Joan mumbled anxiously. 
He’s a child! Your appearance doesn’t really matter to him! Delilah lifted her head to study the busy woman in front of her. Eventually, she let out a sigh. 
“So, what do you think?” Joan spun around a few times in front of Delilah. 
“Yes, yes, you look nice in that. Get going, alright? Quit dawdling or you’ll be late!” 
Without a minute to lose, Joan up and left the house with Lucius in tow, disappearing from Delilah’s line of sight. 
The school was crowded. Everywhere, parents and students huddled in small groups, forming an overall peaceful and harmonious scene. 
“Mom, I did really well in the test! Look, I’ve improved so much!” 
“Mom, our homeroom teacher gave us this reward!” 
“That’s wonderful, dear. You know you’ll always be the smartest kid to me.” 
Several mothers and their children were busy chatting among themselves, seemingly having the time of their lives. It was rather enviable. 
Where’s Lucius? Where did he go? Joan stood on tiptoes as she searched for her son. 
“That’s strange. Where exactly has he run off to?” Joan muttered to herself as she searched high and low for the boy.
It was then that she heard a familiar man’s voice calling her. “Hey, Joan!” 
Caiden? Joan turned around and came face to face with a familiar-looking man a few paces away. His appearance left her in a momentary daze. 
“Mom!” Lucius was standing next to him and waving at her. 
“Haven’t seen you in a while,” Joan went over to greet Caiden. 
“Wow, you’re attending the parent-teacher conference with Lucius, right?” Caiden scratched his head and proceeded to strike up a conversation. 
In front of Joan, he never had to play his role as a respectable leader nor maintain his image as a formidable president. 
“Larry’s been busy lately, so here I am,” Joan replied. 
Caiden forced a smile when Larry’s name was mentioned, but his eyes could not betray his resignation. 
“How are you lately?” he asked. 
“So far so good. But, I’m curious, what brings you here today?” the woman asked back. 
“Oh, I own the school now.” 
Joan was aware that this was a private school, so the fact that Caiden managed to acquire the property was not surprising to her. 
“I heard that you’ll be delivering a speech later, as the parent representative. Is that true?” Caiden asked further.
“Oh, yes,” came the reply. The two went back and forth as awkwardness gradually stifled them. 
“Caiden, I think Mom’s getting nervous. I’m going to bring her in first. Let her get familiar with the place,” Lucius cut in. 
Who’s nervous, you say? Joan’s eyes widen as she stared at Lucius quizzically. 
“N-No, I’m not…” 
“Bye, Caiden!” Lucius bade farewell to Caiden, before dragging his mother away. 
“Lucius, what’s that about? Who says I’m nervous?” Joan tapped the boy lightly on the forehead, teasing him.
###Chapter 2543
Chapter 2543 
“That’s right. If you don’t feel nervous, neither will Caiden. At most, it just feels a little awkward,” Lucius answered at once. 
Joan suddenly fell silent. 
She realized that Lucius could sense the tension between the two of them. 
As his mom, Joan performed perfectly on and off the stage, to the extent that she won praise from both the parents and teachers. 
“Who is the lady on the stage? She is so charismatic!” 
“She’s the mother of the top boy in that class.” 
“Look at them, how exceptional…” 
As Joan continued with her speech on stage, Caiden looked on with a reluctant and helpless expression. 
If I hadn’t given up, would she have chosen me? Lowering his head, sadness was written all over his face. 
Perhaps, she still wouldn’t. 
By now, Caiden had seen the light. Love can never be forced, not to mention I still have to shoulder the responsibilities of my family. Furthermore, with my dad monitoring all my movements, not seeing Joan might be the best form of protection I can give her.
“Alright, we would like to thank Lucius’ mom for the inspiring speech. Next, it’s our pleasure to invite our special guest for today, Mr. Caiden Owens to say a few words,” the emcee announced excitedly. 
The hall broke into a thunderous applause. 
“Teachers, parents, and students, good afternoon. I am Caiden…” 
Meanwhile, Joan, who was sitting beside Lucius, watched intently as Caiden gave his speech. 
He has really changed. The stubborn, domineering, and self-centered man is no longer there. After not seeing each other in a long time, he has indeed matured a lot. Joan’s eyes were filled with relief. 
Perhaps, this is what Mr. Owens wanted to see. 
“Mom, what’s wrong? Are you feeling under the weather?” Lucius asked, as he gently patted her back with concern. 
“It’s nothing.” She quickly turned around and looked at him. 
Finally, the parent-teacher conference ended. 
This time, exceptional students such as Lucius were honored during the event. 
“Lucius is a wonderful kid. He is so much better than my son.” 
“That’s right. Despite his good grades, he is warm and humble. It’s obvious he has a lot of potential for the future.” 
The other mothers praised Lucius repeatedly in front of Joan. 
“Hey, here comes Mr. Owens,” one of the mothers suddenly remarked.
The crowd opened up a path for him. 
“Thanks for doing that.” Walking up to Joan, Caiden uttered softly with a smile. 
“Not at all,” Joan replied. 
“Do both of you know each other?” 
“What? Have you forgotten? Didn’t both of them come on the field trip together?” 
“Indeed! I have forgotten about that. But what’s the relationship between both of them? I’m really puzzled by what I see.” 
With that, the crowd began to gossip. 
“Come, I’ll send both of you home,” Caiden suggested as he pointed to the car at the school entrance. At the same time, he gently pinched Lucius’ cheek. 
“Erm…” Joan hesitated. 
“It’s alright, don’t worry.” With that, Caiden pulled Joan along as they left. 
At the Owens family villa, a few bodyguards were standing in front of Keith, looking resolute. 
“What is it?” Keith asked as he took a sip of tea while being seated on the sofa. 
“Joan was also at the parent-teacher conference,” the bodyguard reported. 
Crack! Keith smashed the teacup onto the floor. 
“Did both of them speak to each other?” he continued to ask.
“They chatted briefly before Mr. Caiden sent her home,” the bodyguard added. 
It appears that he hasn’t forgotten her. Gradually standing up, Keith raised his head and walked toward the balcony. Placing his hands on the parapet, he was consumed by both anger and loneliness.
###Chapter 2544
Chapter 2544 
What is that foolish boy thinking? 
“Keith, what’s wrong? Why are you so angry?” Caiden’s mom came downstairs and asked Keith with concern. 
“It’s nothing,” he replied. 
Did Caiden do something to get on his nerves again? She returned to her room and made a call at once. 
“Hello, Caiden is driving so he can’t speak at the moment.” 
A child’s voice was heard over the line. 
Who is this? Mrs. Owens’ suspicions were aroused. “Who are you?” she asked softly. 
“I’m Lucius!” 
“Lucius, don’t touch Caiden’s phone!” A female voice was heard in the background. 
Mrs. Owens felt that the voice sounded familiar. After racking her brains, she finally recalled where she heard it before. 
Its Joan! Why is Caiden involved with her again? Clenching her fists, she grew concerned. 
No wonder Keith is furious, he must have known about this. 
“Your mom called just now,” Joan informed. 
“I know,” Caiden plainly replied.
He knew that he was going to face another barrage of questions later. 
“Thank you, Caiden!” At the door, Lucius cried out as he bowed in Caiden’s direction. 
“Alright, go on in now. Call me if there’s anything.” Caiden waved at Lucius with a smile. 
It’s unlikely for a kid like him to get into much trouble. Even if he did, it would be unreasonable to call me for help. 
“Lucius, you’re home!” Delilah greeted him with a delightful grin. 
“Grandma, Caiden gave Mom and I a ride home,” Lucius exclaimed as he threw himself into Delilah’s arms. 
“Hello,” Delilah greeted when she saw Caiden at the door. 
She didn’t invite him in as she was reluctant to have anything to do with him anymore. 
“Ms. Young,” Caiden returned her greeting with a smile. 
“Anyway, I’ll take my leave now.” With that, he turned and walked to his car. 
“Who is that man?” A male voice rang out from behind Joan as he watched the car drive away. 
“Caiden,” Joan replied. 
“Dustin, don’t you have anything better to do?” Dustin asked. 
Only then did Joan realize that Dustin was behind her. 
“Erm, I am quite free and even bored actually,” he replied mischievously. 
“Isn’t there a lot to do at the supermarket?” Joan asked.
“I’ve finished all my work,” Dustin replied with a shrug. 
That annoying fool. When will he ever leave me in peace? Joan gave him a cruel stare. 
However, Dustin no longer cared for how she treated him. 
“I’m warning you not to come by my place so often. Or else, people will start talking.” Just as she spoke, Delilah went back into her house. 
“Ms. Young, why are you chasing me away? You know how much I love you…” Dustin tried to flatter her as he followed her in. 
“Joan, go and get some groceries as we’re out,” Delilah remarked suddenly in the living room. 
Joan went into the kitchen and checked the fridge. Just as Delilah had said, it was empty. 
“In that case, I’ll head out now.” She left right after she spoke. 
“Dustin, come here!” Delilah yelled at him. 
When he saw her fearsome expression, Dustin knew that something was amiss. 
“Ms. Young, what is it?” he quickly caught up with her and asked. 
“What happened between you and Joan? Don’t you dare tell me nothing!” Delilah demanded. 
At that moment, Dustin felt awkward. 
Joan was supposed to tell Delilah what happened between both of them. But after dragging her feet, it only served to arouse Delilah’s suspicions.
###Chapter 2545
Chapter 2545 
“Nothing happened,” Dustin quickly replied after a slight hesitation. 
B*llshit! Delilah had noticed the minute gestures and the look they gave each other. Hence, only a fool would believe nothing was going on. 
“If you’re not going to tell me the truth, you can forget about coming here ever again,” Delilah threatened. 
“Please don’t be like that, Ms. Young. There really is nothing going on between us,” Dustin answered. 
No, he must be lying! 
Although Dustin had loved Joan all this while, he had never come by as frequently as he did now. 
“Since you have chosen not to tell me, then out you go! Shoo! And don’t ever come back!” With that, Delilah chased him out. 
“Ms. Young, fine! I’ll talk, I’ll talk.” 
Finally, Dustin compromised. He couldn’t accept the fact that he couldn’t see Joan. 
“Erm, actually, it was an accident…” Dustin recounted what had happened and spiced up some parts while he was doing so. 
In a short while, Delilah’s mind was blown. 
It was beyond her wildest imagination that Joan would do something like that. Delilah’s impression of her was that she was someone emotionally loyal. But now, after her brazen actions, Delilah no longer held her in such high regard.
“Dustin, are you lying to me?” Delilah questioned in an agitated tone. 
“Ms. Young, there’s no way I would lie to you. Besides, given how experienced you are, can’t you easily tell if I’m lying?” Dustin suggested on purpose. 
“I’m back, Ms. Young. What would you like to eat? I’ll cook.” Just as she spoke, Joan entered with her hands full of bags. 
In the living room, both Delilah and Dustin watched warily as Joan sauntered in. Dustin was worried that Joan would be furious at him for telling Delilah the truth. Now, Delilah had become more vigilant toward Joan after learning about her preposterous actions. 
“What are both of you doing?” Joan walked up to them with an awkward smile. 
It took both of them a while to regain their senses. 
“Nothing, let’s start cooking.” With that, Delilah got up and headed into the kitchen. 
The atmosphere was filled with awkward tension as the three of them keep their own secrets while having very different expressions. 
“What’s wrong with Ms. Young?” Joan asked as she pushed Dustin’s arm gently. 
“Joan, there’s something I need to do. So, I’ll take my leave first.” Just as he spoke, Dustin got up and left. 
What’s wrong with them? Glancing at the busy figure in the kitchen and then at the silhouette of the one who just left, a sense of unease crept upon Joan. She could feel that there was something wrong with both of them, but neither would tell her what it was.
“Joan, give Larry a call and ask him to come home for dinner,” Delilah shouted loudly from the kitchen on purpose. 
“Alright,” she answered at once. 
During dinner, all of them ate their food quietly. 
“Lucius, how was school recently?” Larry suddenly asked. 
“It’s pretty good,” Lucius replied with his mouth full. 
“I heard there was a parent-teacher conference at school,” Larry continued. 
“That’s right. Mom attended and we even met Caiden there. Dad, you should attend next time, alright? My classmates in school all want to see you,” Lucius continued. 
The moment Lucius mentioned Caiden, Larry’s hand visibly froze as he was serving himself seconds. 
“That’s good.” He then stuffed the food into his mouth as he replied. 
“Larry, if you’re not busy next time, you should try coming home earlier,” Delilah suddenly remarked. 
Larry raised his gaze and gave Delilah a puzzled look. 
Why is she bringing this up all of a sudden. Don’t they understand the demands of my work? The company was in an expansion phase which required a lot of his attention.
###Chapter 2546
Chapter 2546 
Joan then gave Delilah a puzzled look. 
“When are the both of you going to remarry?” Delilah suddenly added. 
“Pfft!” Joan spewed her food out immediately. 
“Erm, I’m sorry.” She quickly wiped her mouth with her napkin. 
“Are you alright?” Larry asked at once. 
“I’m fine,” Joan replied. 
“Joan, what are you so nervous about?” Without even turning her head, Delilah asked as she ate. 
“Huh? Erm, I’m not. I just happened to choke,” Joan replied awkwardly. 
She being self-conscious. Delilah sneered. 
She had once thought that Joan was a lady with principles, a good wife, and a wonderful mother. But reality had shown her otherwise. 
“Next time, you had better be more careful. It would be a disgrace if you were found out,” Delilah commented with a strange tone. 
In response, Joan felt a sense of dread. 
Can it be that she has found out about me and Dustin? She gave Delilah a wary look. 
Throughout the dinner, Joan felt on edge as she considered whether to tell Larry and Delilah the truth. However, she still didn’t have the courage to do so.
Back in her room, she lay on her bed, tossing and turning around while feeling troubled. 
Crack. The door to her room gently opened. 
After glancing at Joan, Larry crept up to the bed. Looking at her face with a smile, he crawled into bed and hugged her to sleep. 
Despite the familiar scent and touch, why do I feel such confusion? Joan closed her eyes while trying hard to relax. 
Finally, after a long time, both of them fell asleep. Meanwhile, the moon outside the window slowly crept across the sky. 
“Ms. Young, what’s wrong?” Joan carefully probed as unease filled her eyes. 
“Nothing,” Delilah replied on purpose. 
She wanted to see how long could Joan could refrain from telling her the truth. After giving Joan the side-eye, she continued with her work. 
“Let me help you.” Just as she spoke, Joan took over Delilah’s scissors. 
“You don’t have to. Just clean up your own mess,” Delilah declined. Given how obvious I’m making it, hasn’t she gotten it already? 
Joan stood still and gave Delilah a heartbroken look. 
“Did you tell Ms. Young about what happened between us?” Walking to the balcony, Joan spoke into the phone with her hand covering her mouth. 
On the other end of the line, Dustin fell silent.
His response was telling. No wonder Delilah’s attitude toward me changed so drastically yesterday. 
“Why did you tell her? Didn’t I tell you that I’ll explain it to her?” Joan bellowed softly, with her voice filled with rage. 
“No, Joan. Let me explain. Actually, Ms. Young has already suspected something. She just felt that you weren’t going to tell her, so that’s why she forced me to,” Dustin explained. 
The next thing he heard was the disconnect tone. Obviously, Joan had hung up. 
Is she angry? Dustin looked out the window with concern. 
“Why are you questioning him? You should be questioning me instead as I forced him to tell me,” Delilah snapped as she approached Joan from behind. 
Joan turned around with a guilty expression. 
“Ms. Young, I’m sorry,” she apologized softly, hanging her head. 
“Why are you apologizing to me? You didn’t do anything to betray me. The one whom you betrayed was yourself,” Delilah asserted. 
Despite Delilah not showing any anger, Joan somehow felt a terrifying aura from her.
###Chapter 2547
Chapter 2547 
There were some people who were just born with gravitas and Delilah was one of them. 
“Ms. Young, I really didn’t do it on purpose,” Joan sobbed. 
Regardless of whether it was deliberate, the matter did happen. Delilah patted her on the shoulder, feeling sympathetic. 
“Tell me, what are you going to do?” 
Raising her gaze at Delilah, Joan shook her head to indicate how lost she was and how much she was struggling. 
She didn’t dare tell Larry for fear that he would be angry and even seek to hold Dustin accountable. 
“Do you plan to hide it from him forever? Joan, you of all people should know how Larry’s temperament is. He doesn’t like to be lied to and hates betrayal even more,” Delilah added. 
And then? Am I to confess everything to the man I love? Joan looked hesitantly at the woman in front of her. 
“What did Dustin say? Will he take responsibility?” 
Ms. Young is really sharp to have seen through us easily. 
She nodded in agreement. 
“What about you? Do you not plan to remarry Larry?”
No! Of course, I still want to be with him. It’s just that I need time to sort out what happened between me and Dustin. However, it seems that he is not giving me any space. Hence, I will have to take this a step at a time. 
“Do you plan to marry Dustin then?” Delilah continued to ask. 
“No!” Joan snapped instantly. 
Very good. That’s the Joan I know. Loyal to the one she loves. A satisfied smile emerged on Delilah’s face. 
After chatting a while longer, both of them went their separate ways. 
To Delilah, the solution was simple. The earlier Joan told Larry, the faster they can solve the problem together and get their lives back on track. However, if Larry was to find out before that, the matter would become infinitely more complicated to resolve. 
“What’s wrong?” Jessica asked aloud as she leaned into Joan’s ear. 
“It’s nothing,” Joan replied as she stirred her coffee. 
What does she mean by nothing? Her troubles are written all over her face. Jessica let out a nosy laugh as she took a sip of coffee. 
“Joan, are you arguing with Larry again?” she asked directly. 
“No, what is there to argue between Larry and me?” Joan quickly replied. 
“Joan, don’t worry. If Larry bullies you, just tell me and I will teach him a lesson,” Jessica added. 
“Oh please, why would he bully me?”
However, it was obvious to Jessica that Joan was feeling upset. 
“Joan, why don’t we go shopping?” 
“Shopping? I’m too tired for that. I just feel like going home and rest.” With that, Joan got up and prepared to leave. 
“Don’t be a spoiled sport. The mall is just next door. Since you’re already here, you might as well not waste the trip,” Jessica pleaded aloud as she shook Joan’s arm. 
Unable to refuse her, Joan had no choice but to follow her into the mall. 
“What about this? Or this? This looks good. Quick, give it a try!” Just as she spoke, Jessica stuffed a bunch of clothes into Joan’s arms. 
“I not buying any clothes!” Joan yelled as Jessica pushed her into the changing room. 
Despite obviously being in a bad mood, it’s a pity to see her being so harsh on herself. Looking at the changing room, Jessica shook her head. 
She really liked Joan. But due to her boisterous personality, there was still a gap between them given how quiet Joan was. 
“How is it? Does it fit? Come out quickly, and let me see!” Jessica yelled from outside. 
Finally, Joan stepped out of the changing room. 
“Wow, Joan, you look stunning. It fits you perfectly! You should get it,” Jessica exclaimed as she ran over excitedly. 
“I feel that this dress doesn’t really suit my style,” Joan replied awkwardly.
“Why not? You look great in it. Right? Miss?” Jessica pulled the sales attendant over and asked.
###Chapter 2548
Chapter 2548 
“Yes, yes, you look great in the outfit,” the sales attendant affirmed immediately. 
“Forget it, Jessica. I want to go home,” Joan remarked when she saw herself in the mirror. 
Given the circumstances, she had no mood to shop at all. 
“Alright, we’ll take this, this, and this.” Right after that, Jessica dragged Joan out of the clothing store and entered a footwear store instead. 
“Joan, let me give you one piece of advice. As an ordinary woman, you have to learn how to spend your husband’s money. Or else, what’s the point of him earning so much?” Jessica remarked as she winked mischievously. 
But I betrayed Larry! Joan looked around and saw that everything inside costs a bomb… On her way home, Joan ran into Dustin. 
“What do you want from me? Haven’t I made my stand clear enough? Why are you still clinging on to me?” Joan scowled by the roadside. 
She couldn’t accept how clingy Dustin was, let alone marrying him. 
“Joan, give me a reason for me to stop loving you. I really can’t let you go,” Dustin answered bluntly. 
Prior to this, he chose to stay silently by her side for the sake of her happiness. But now, he wanted to be more selfish. He no longer could tolerate Joan being together with Larry while he licked his wounds in a dark corner. He was sick of playing that role. 
“The reason is that I don’t love you!” Joan replied resolutely.
Again and again, she hurt him with her heartless rejection. Dustin had lost count of the number of times she had rejected him. Despite always being emotionally prepared for the expected outcome, he still felt devastated by it. 
Dustin gradually turned around, hiding his emotions. After that, he left without saying another word. 
At that moment, he had truly given up on her as he no longer knew how else to win her back. He wondered if he was just a supporting actor in Joan’s life all this while. 
Looking at the lonesome figure walking away, Joan couldn’t help but feel her heart burn. 
No, I cannot waver. I must stand firm. With that, she turned to leave. 
Thump! 
Unknown to her, the moment she turned around, Dustin was lying in a pool of blood on the ground. 
Looking at her silhouette, he opened his mouth to say something but no longer had any strength to do so. 
Finally, his eyes closed against his wishes. 
“Hey! Wake up! 
“There seems to have been an accident over there.” 
“The victim is a man. He seems to be grievously hurt.” 
As the passersby began to crowd around, they were shocked at what they saw. 
However, Joan was oblivious to what was going on.
“Jory, isn’t that Dustin?” Nancy exclaimed anxiously when she saw the news report on TV. 
Ever since both of them bared their hearts to each other, their relationship took a positive turn. As for Nancy’s psychological problems, they gradually disappeared day by day. 
“What are you talking about? Dustin is busy now. Where would he find time to be an actor?” Jory replied softly. 
“It’s true! Come quickly. He was involved in an accident,” Nancy repeated as her eyes were glued to the screen. 
The moment he heard the word accident, Jory dropped his work and rushed over. 
“What happened?” he asked anxiously. 
Just as expected, both of them were ready to go in less than ten minutes. 
“Are you ready?” Jory asked with impatiently. 
“Yes, let’s go now.” Just as she spoke, Nancy grabbed her bag and left the living room. 
In the hospital, it was extremely crowded. As the weather had turned cold recently, the corridor was filled with sick people. 
“Doctor, there’s a patient here named Dustin Silverman. May we know where is he?” Jory asked loudly as he grabbed the doctor by his shoulders.
###Chapter 2549
Chapter 2549 
“Do you see the ward by the corner?” After giving them directions, the doctor walked away. 
Without further hesitation, Jory ran toward the corner. 
Inside, Dustin was laying there quietly with his eyes closed. His face was pale while his body was covered in blood. 
“Doctor, what is his condition? When will he be awake?” Jory anxiously asked the man beside him. 
“Are you the patient’s family?” the doctor asked. 
“I am, I am. How is he now?” 
“Here, I need your signature on this. I’m sorry, we have done everything we could,” the doctor gradually explained while his eyes were filled with pity. 
What does that mean? Jory gave the doctor a confused look. 
This was the first time he was stumped when trying to say something. 
“Mister, don’t panic yet. We will continuously treat him with new technologies, so don’t worry. As of now, our hospital’s ability to treat a paralyzed person is still limited. I hope you understand. If you don’t have faith in us, you are welcome to transfer him to another hospital…” 
Despite the doctor explaining a whole lot in great detail, Jory didn’t register any of it. He was simply at a loss as to what to do. 
“Jory, get a hold of yourself!” Nancy reminded him as she quickly approached.
How am I able to stay calm? My best friend has become a vegetable all of a sudden! 
Who did this to him? As he tried his best to get a grip of himself, Jory whipped out his phone and made a call. 
“Hello, find out everything that happened to Dustin before his accident. Who he called, who he met, what he did, where he went…” 
When she saw Jory’s vicious gaze, Nancy was inexplicably terrified. 
She hoped that what happened to Dustin was really an accident. Lowering her head, she prayed for his recovery. 
“Why are you back so late?” Delilah asked softly when she saw Joan enter the living room. 
“Oh, I was meeting a friend for dinner,” Joan simply found an excuse and replied. 
Is that so? Is that so-called friend named Dustin? Suddenly, Delilah grew wary. 
“Joan, did you know that Dustin met with an accident?” Delilah added. 
At that moment, Joan was so exhausted that she had fallen asleep on the sofa. With her eyes closed, she no longer heard what Delilah said. 
“Joan?” 
What did she do to tire herself out like that? Delilah shook her head before leaving. 
However, she was now very concerned about what was going on between Joan and Dustin. 
Bam! The door was suddenly kicked open.
Joan was awakened by the noise while Delilah rushed out to see what was going on. 
“What are you trying to do?” Delilah asked in horror when she saw the man in front of her. 
“Where’s Joan?” Jory demanded. 
“Who’s looking for me?” Rubbing her eyes, Joan walked out to the living room. 
“What? How can you still be sleeping? Joan, how heartless can you be?” 
Given Jory’s sudden arrival and shocking accusation, Joan was puzzled as to what was going on. 
What did I do? Why is he calling me heartless? I didn’t kill anyone or commit arson… 
“What’s wrong?” Joan asked. 
How dare she feign ignorance after what happened to Dustin. How vicious can this woman be? 
“Joan, tell me. What does it take for you to let Dustin go?” Jory asked bluntly with a cold glint in his eye. 
What kind of question is that? Isn’t it obvious that Dustin is the one that’s clinging on to me? Why is Jory twisting the facts and interrogating me? Joan looked at him with both disappointment and anger. 
“Jory, I’m sure you’re aware that all this while, it was Dustin that pursued me,” Joan replied with conviction.
###Chapter 2550
Chapter 2550 
She told him the truth as she had nothing to hide. Furthermore, Jory was Nancy’s husband and she had faith in his character. She was sure that he was able to see things clearly in the end. However, she didn’t expect that she was nothing to him when compared to Dustin. 
“Jory, don’t be rash. The matter has yet to be investigated…” Nancy interjected as she caught up from behind, panting. 
“Nancy? Why are you here?” Joan asked curiously. 
What’s going on? When she saw what was unfolding before her, she began to feel nervous. 
Although she wasn’t close to Jory, she had heard Nancy mention that Jory would only personally deal with a problem if it was serious. However, she couldn’t think of any reason for him to come looking for her. 
“It’s as clear as day! Nancy, you don’t have to protect her anymore. I know she is your best friend, but Dustin is my best friend too!” Jory reminded. 
With a helpless expression, Nancy looked at Jory and then at Joan. 
“Nancy, what’s going on?” Joan walked up to her and asked. 
Her question caused Nancy to be dumbfounded. Does she not know what happened to Dustin? 
“Joan, don’t you know? Something happened to Dustin,” Nancy replied while looking at her warily. 
How can that be? When I saw him just now, he was just doing fine. What can happen to him in such a short time?
“Are you kidding me?” Joan laughed. 
“Joan, it’s not a joke. Dustin is lying in the hospital as we speak,” Nancy asserted. 
Joan turned around and looked at Delilah, who nodded her head in silence. 
At that moment, Joan hurried to the hospital hysterically. 
Dustin, how can this be? It’s a lie. All of them must be lying. Joan sobbed as she ran. 
To her, it was simple. If something had really happened to Dustin, she was definitely responsible for it. 
The moment she dashed into the hospital, she grabbed onto a nurse and asked, “Dustin? Where is he?” 
Given a fright, the nurse pointed in the direction of his ward without saying a word. 
When she saw him lying on the bed, Joan was devastated. 
“Dustin, wake up! It’s me, Joan. Wake up!” Joan screamed as she desperately tried to shake him awake. 
Unfortunately, he lay there without any response. 
It’s all my fault! If I hadn’t said something that cruel, he wouldn’t have met with the car accident. And more importantly, he wouldn’t have ended up in a coma. Joan sprawled by the bed as she wiped her tears in remorse. 
“Are you finally regretting it now? What happened to you earlier?” Jory snapped from behind.
All this while, he never liked Joan. But he turned a blind eye to her on Nancy’s account. Just as expected, she did turn out to be a troublemaker. 
“Jory, stop with the snide remarks,” Nancy chided him softly as she pushed his arm. 
“Am I wrong?” he roared. 
Jory was feeling emotionally charged given Dustin’s situation. Hence, he vented his frustration on Nancy despite knowing she had nothing to do with it at all. 
“Jory, what are you yelling at me for? What’s the use of doing that? If your screams can wake Dustin up, then please be my guest,” Nancy snapped. 
The thing she hated most in her life was someone flaring their temper at her for no reason. 
“Get out!” Jory bellowed, pointing at the door. 
“Fine, Jory, remember this is how you treated me!” With that, Nancy stormed out of the ward. 
Meanwhile, at the Norton Corporation office, Larry was busy as usual and was oblivious to what Joan was going through.
###Chapter 2551
Chapter 2551 
“Larry, did you see the news?” Caspian asked right after barging in. 
“No,” Larry replied plainly. 
“Dustin has met an accident,” Caspian added. 
Larry froze for a moment before checking the news online. 
It appears to be true, should I feel relieved about it? Larry closed the page and continued with his work. 
He always believed in karma. It was just a matter of time before those that do evil receive theirs. As for Dustin, his time has come. 
“But…” Caspian stuttered as he stared at Larry. 
“Just spit it out or leave,” Larry snapped. 
“Larry, I heard the accident had something to do with Joan.” 
Larry raised his head immediately. He gave Caspian a puzzled look as he waited for his explanation. 
Ten minutes later, he was filled in on what had happened. 
“Where is Joan now?” Larry asked. 
“At the hospital,” Caspian replied. 
“Come, let’s go there now!” Larry grabbed his jacket and left.
In the ward, Joan was sitting on the floor. She couldn’t peel her eyes away from Dustin as if she was worried she would miss something. 
But now, he was already a vegetable. 
“Joan, what do you plan to do?” Jory asked. 
At that moment, tears streamed down her cheeks, as she didn’t know what to do. 
“Dustin ended up like that because of you. Hence, you will have to bear the responsibility for your actions,” Jory added. “Going forward, you will take care of him until he awakes.” 
Joan knew that taking care of Dustin was the least she could do. All she wanted right now was for him to wake up soon. 
“Do you have any problem with that?” Jory asked. 
“No, don’t worry. I will take good care of him,” Joan replied resolutely while wiping away her tears. 
When he turned to look at Dustin, Jory’s eyes were filled with sympathy. 
Dustin, given how much you like her, this is the best I can do for you. 
“Come, please make way, I need to change the patient’s drip. Are you family? You need to watch over him…” the nurse remarked as she went about her job. 
“Miss, when will he wake up?” 
“I don’t know.” 
By then, only Joan and Dustin were left in the ward, resulting in a somber atmosphere.
Someone had said that feelings were more important to men than women. But for Joan, she was just as loyal as any man. 
“Joan?” At the door, a familiar voice rang out. 
“You’re here,” Joan replied softly. 
Larry knew that she was going through hell right now. He was obviously aware that she and Dustin were close friends. But definitely did not expect her to have committed so many appalling things with him. 
The accident came so suddenly that he still couldn’t believe it was real. 
“Do you already know?” Joan suddenly asked. 
“Mmm-hmm. I do. Aren’t you going to explain?” Larry asked. 
What’s there to explain? Dustin is already a vegetable. Hence, some truths may never be revealed. 
Joan stared intently at the man lying on the bed and ignored the one at the door. 
“Larry, let’s just give Joan some space,” Caspian suggested from behind. 
However, Larry wanted to face the problem together with Joan. 
No matter what happened, she was the woman he truly loved. As long as she explained herself to him, he would definitely choose to forgive and forget. 
However, Joan didn’t share his sentiments at all.
There was once when she wanted to remarry Larry and spend the rest of her life happily with him. But now, there was no way she could promise him anything as she was now obligated to take care of Dustin. She didn’t want to drag Larry into her problems. 
“There’s nothing to explain. Please leave,” Joan murmured softly.
###Chapter 2552
Chapter 2552 
“Joan, you are my wife and I’m your husband. Let’s face this together…” 
“We are already divorced,” Joan interrupted him. 
Larry was dumbfounded and didn’t know how to respond. 
She’s right. We’re divorced. But, don’t we still mean something to each other? 
“Joan, what Larry meant was that he wants to solve this problem together with you. We can find the best doctors and hospitals to treat Dustin,” Caspian explained. 
“There’s no need to. The doctor has said that it’s of no use. Furthermore, Jory has already tried,” Joan added. 
At that moment, all that was left in her heart was pain and sadness. Joan had always hidden her emotions and appeared strong in front of Larry. After all, she didn’t want the man she loved to worry. 
“Larry, your phone is ringing, it’s from overseas,” Caspian reminded as he pointed to Larry’s phone. 
When he saw who it was, Larry left the ward to take the call. 
“When? I won’t be able to make it. There’s something here I need to deal with,” Larry replied. 
“I understand. In that case, I’ll try my best…” 
When she overheard Larry’s conversation, Joan knew that he was going to be very busy with work again. 
To her, that was a good thing as he would not have the time to be concerned with her trivial problems.
“Joan, there’s something I need to deal with. Call me if you need me. I know you’re blaming yourself for what happened. But, I will face this together with you.” Larry left right after he spoke. 
After glancing at Joan and then at Larry’s silhouette, Caspian ran after Larry. 
“Larry, why didn’t you clear the air with Joan?” Caspian asked. 
“There’s no point in doing so as she is too emotional to listen right now. The only thing I can do is wait till she’s ready,” Larry replied. 
For some reason, Caspian felt that he no longer understood Larry as well as he used to. Before this, Larry would never let Joan get involved with anything related to Dustin. For something which could have been done by a nurse, he would have forbidden Joan from caring for him. 
“For the time being, you should stay here and watch over Jessica and Joan. Call me if something happens and don’t hide anything from me,” Larry instructed with his finger pointing at Caspian. 
“Yes!” Caspian acknowledged. 
It was normal for Larry to travel overseas occasionally. Of course, it wasn’t for fun but for work instead. 
“Are you sure? You gotta be kidding me,” Jessica mumbled as she was peeling an apple. 
“I’m not joking at all. Therefore, if you are free, please check on Joan at the hospital,” Caspian continued. 
Getting off her seat, Jessica walked up to him and looked him in the eye. 
“No, is what you’re telling me really true?” Jessica asked as she munched on the apple. 
“Why would I lie about something like that?” Caspian snapped.
The next moment, Jessica was stunned. 
“I never expected someone as calm and reserved as Joan to have made such a foolish mistake,” she mumbled. 
“We don’t yet know what the truth is, so don’t go around spreading baseless rumors.” 
Jessica was certainly not going to slander Joan’s reputation. Not to mention that she had already seen Joan as her own sister. 
Meanwhile, in the living room, Caiden was flipping through the newspapers languidly. 
Finally, when he reached the last page, his hands suddenly froze. 
As expected, he saw the news about Dustin’s car accident. Furthermore, he could see Joan’s figure in the picture of the scene. 
Does she have something to do with it? 
“Caiden, what are you doing?” Suddenly, Caiden’s mom came down the stairs with a slight smile on her face.
###Chapter 2553
Chapter 2553 
“Nothing, just reading the papers,” Caiden answered. 
The moment she heard his reply, she quickened her pace and snatched the paper away from him. 
“There’s nothing interesting to see there. Come, go shopping with me,” she suggested on purpose. 
“I have something to do, so I’ll need to go first.” Just as he spoke, he picked up his phone and left the Owens family villa. 
Is he going to see Joan? Behind her, was someone watching with a concerned look. 
“What is it? Where is he going?” Keith walked out of the study and asked softly. 
“He says that he’s tired and wants to go out for a stroll,” she quickly replied. 
Looking at the silhouette from afar, Keith had his suspicions. 
After leaving the villa, Caiden gave Joan a call. He wanted to invite her out for a chat but was rejected. 
“Where are you? I’ll come and see you,” Caiden asked. 
“Don’t come. I’m not free and there’s nothing to talk about between us.” Just as she spoke, Joan ended the call. 
However, he knew that Joan was on the brink of mental collapse. Hence, he went to see her still. 
“Are you sure that’s what you want to do?” Caiden asked softly. 
He didn’t expect her to forgo her own feelings for Dustin’s sake.
“What else can I do?” Joan snapped without looking at him. 
Regardless of what happened, Dustin was bedridden because of her. There was no way she could be at peace in a relationship with someone else. 
“Joan, both of you are just friends. He ended up this way because of an accident. There’s no need for you to blame yourself over it,” Caiden continued to counsel her. 
He was still in love with her. But more importantly, he wanted her to be happy. 
He knew that if she allowed herself to wallow in her guilt, she would slowly become numb to it. In fact, she might even develop psychological problems sooner or later. 
“No, this is my fault,” she replied softly. 
Caiden was heartbroken to see how dejected she looked. He had never seen her so helpless and cold before. 
“Why must you insist on thinking that way?” 
Suddenly, he felt that Joan was just being stubborn, but he had no way of convincing her otherwise. 
Joan didn’t reply. All she did was walk up to Dustin’s bed and wipe his hand. 
Just like that, the days passed one by one. Dustin was still in a coma while Joan would care for him every day. 
As Larry understood what was going through her mind, he didn’t comment on what she was doing. Caspian and Jessica had tried their best to counsel her but their efforts were simply futile.
“Joan, even if you don’t marry anyone for the rest of your life, Dustin will still not wake up!” Jessica yelled in exasperation. 
It had been a long time since she watched the developments between Larry, Joan, and Dustin. As someone watching from the sidelines, she felt indignant for Larry. 
She knew that even after Joan had made her stand clear to Larry, he would never let her go even if it meant staying single his whole life. After all, his stubborn temperament would never allow him to do so. 
“I know,” Joan casually answered. 
In that case, why do you insist on tormenting yourself and others along with you? 
“By taking care of Dustin, you have already done the best you could for him. But what about Larry? Have you considered his feelings? How long more do you want him to wait? Three years? Five years? Or his entire life?” Jessica had lost her patience and was visibly outraged. 
“I didn’t ask him to wait for me. Furthermore, we have broken up and I have made it equally clear to him. In fact, you should counsel him instead.” Just as she spoke, Joan picked up the thermos from the table and left.
###Chapter 2554
Chapter 2554 
There really is no helping her. Why does she need to unnecessarily complicate something that’s really simple? 
Dustin, when will you ever wake up! Staring at him, Jessica was tempted to give him a slap despite knowing how inappropriate it would be. 
“I’m out of ideas. I did everything I could,” Jessica lamented on the office sofa. 
When he saw how dejected she was, Caspian knew that her persuasion had failed. 
“What did Larry say?” she asked. 
“What else can he say? He’ll probably continue to wait,” Caspian replied. 
Given how both of them are dragging their feet, they really are made for each other. Jessica sighed. 
As Larry had intensified his efforts at work, Norton Corporation’s expansion made it the top conglomerate in the city. In second place, was the company owned by the Owens family. 
“Mr. Owens, congratulations.” 
“That’s right. It’s really unbelievable for someone as young as you to have expanded your business overseas. You have already exceeded the achievements of your predecessors.” 
During the banquet, many elderly businessmen surrounded Caiden, trying to ingratiate themselves with him. 
“Thank you for your kind wishes. Nevertheless, there’s still a lot more for me to learn from all of you,” Caiden replied at once.
At that moment, Caiden’s parents were delightfully lapping up the crowd’s praises of their son. 
“Does Caiden have a girlfriend? That’s my daughter over there, do you see her?” 
“That’s right. What kind of girl does your son like? Isn’t it about time he got married?” 
When Caiden’s mom saw him toasting and socializing from afar, she felt a sense of pride. 
Finally, the Owens family has a worthy heir. ”Why don’t you introduce your son to my daughter…” 
In one corner, Larry was sitting by himself, looking lonely. 
He never enjoyed such events but couldn’t avoid them for fear of jeopardizing business relationships. 
“Larry, don’t you want to talk to them?” Caspian suggested. 
What’s there to talk about? Business? There no need for me to talk to that hypocritical bunch. Relationships? We don’t even have a relationship to speak of. 
“You should go ahead and enjoy yourself. Don’t mind me,” Larry insisted as he took a sip from his drink. 
When Caiden saw Larry in his condition, he was surprised. 
“What’s up? Bad mood?” Caiden gradually approached and asked softly. 
“What do you want?” Larry replied without even looking up. 
“How are things with Joan?” Caiden asked with concern. 
“None of your business,” Larry snapped.
He really is a frosty one. Taking a seat beside Larry, Caiden swirled his wine glass as sympathy filled his eyes. 
He was sincere in hoping that Larry and Joan could find happiness together. However, no one had expected to see Dustin come in between them. 
“Larry, let’s go. Since there’s nothing for you to do here, why don’t you send me home?” Jessica came over and patted Larry on his arm. 
Staring intently at Jessica, Larry looked up and asked, “Have you finished your negotiations? Is the deal done?” 
“Don’t worry, it’s done. They agreed to invest,” Jessica answered confidently as she patted her own chest. 
However, she was unaware of how unpredictable the business world was. At any second, whatever that had been agreed could be reneged upon just as quickly. 
“Are you sure?” Larry repeated his question. 
“Affirmative. So, let’s go.” Just as she spoke, she held his arm as they left together. 
When Caspian saw both of them leaving, he quickly put down his glass and walked after them. 
“Larry, where are we going? I want to go home!” Jessica exclaimed in the car, puzzled as to what he was doing. 
“To the hospital,” Larry snapped with a chilly expression. 
We’re going to see Joan, again! Jessica was upset as she looked at him. Sometimes, she felt that he should really give up on Joan, but he was simply too stubborn to do so.
###Chapter 2555
Chapter 2555 
“Larry, let me ask you a hypothetical question. If Dustin doesn’t wake up and Joan has to look after him all her life, what are you going to do?” Jessica asked on purpose. 
“I’ll wait for her my whole life then,” he replied. 
To have made such an irresponsible decision for himself, I’m afraid he has gone mad. 
“No!” Jessica yelled. 
“Larry, I’m begging you, alright? Joan doesn’t dare to face her feelings, but it doesn’t mean you must waste your entire life on her,” Jessica pleaded. 
He believed that one day, Joan would return to his side once Dustin came out of his coma. Until then, all the three of them needed was time. After all, he was willing to wait, even if he had to do so till old age. 
“Shut up! Stop talking about this or you will have to get down,” Larry muttered heartlessly. 
Forget it. Persuading him is just a waste of time. With her eyes filled with rage, Jessica turned her face away and looked out the window. 
Meanwhile, at the hospital, Joan was carefully wiping Dustin’s face. When he saw two figures enter, she wasn’t surprised at all. As for Larry, he had seen her clean Dustin countless times to the extent he had stopped feeling jealous. 
“How has he been recently? Any improvements?” Larry asked. 
“He’s still the same and has made no progress at all,” Joan answered while she worked.
Watching Dustin lie on his bed, Larry didn’t feel a shred of emotion. 
“Doctor, is this man still able to wake up?” Suddenly, Jessica grabbed the doctor by his arms and demanded. 
After glancing at Dustin and returning his attention to Jessica, the doctor shook his head without a word. 
He didn’t mean that Dustin couldn’t wake up. Instead, he just indicated that he didn’t know if or when Dustin would. 
“Stop asking. No one knows if he will ever wake up,” Joan softly chided. 
Damn Dustin for being in the way! As Jessica clenched her fist, the intimidating vibe she emitted caused the doctor to not dare utter another word. 
“Call me if there’s anything.” Just as he spoke, Larry left the room. 
“Alright,” Joan replied. 
By now, both of them seemed to have gotten used to ending their conversations that way. 
As Jessica looked at Joan and then at Larry’s leaving silhouette, she suddenly felt curious. 
Just like that? And he’s leaving? Did he come just to check on Dustin? 
She no longer understood what was going through his mind. 
“Alright, stop trying to contemplate what Larry is thinking. A lady of your standards will never understand,” Caspian commented affectionately as he gently knocked her on her head. 
“What do you mean a lady of my standards? Come here, you…” With that, she chased after Caspian.
When she saw how both of them bantered, Joan was suddenly filled with envy. Once upon a time, she and Larry were loving. It was just a pity that they could never return to those times. 
Humans are mysterious creatures. They will only learn from their mistakes. But these mistakes will cause them to lose what they have gained from it. Perhaps, that is the nature of life. Joan heaved a deep sigh and went back to work. 
As life went on, an implicit understanding gradually formed where no one would talk about what happened between Joan and Dustin. 
Everything sort of became routine. 
“Urgh…” Suddenly, Dustin grunted. 
When Joan raised her head to check, she didn’t see any movements and went back to sleep on the sofa. 
And then, he grunted again. 
Joan sprang up from the sofa and quickly scanned her surroundings. 
I must be hearing things. There’s no one else in here other than Dustin and I. How can there be another man’s voice? It must have been a dream. She scratched her head in desperately as if to wake herself up further. 
Smash! The vase suddenly crashed onto the ground. 
What’s going on? Joan turned on the lights in the room to check.
###Chapter 2556
Chapter 2556 
As the lights illuminated the room, she was shocked. The next moment, tears gushed out of her eyes like a waterfall. 
At that moment, Dustin was staring blankly at her, curious as to what was going on. 
“Dustin, you’re awake,” Joan gasped. 
“Who are you?” he asked. 
His words shocked her further. He… has lost his memory? 
“Do you really not recognize me?” Joan questioned at once. 
“Do we know each other?” Dustin continued his questions. 
Faced with his reaction, Joan couldn’t tell if she was sad or shocked. From her perspective, it was already a miracle to see him wake up from his coma. 
“Alright, let’s put that aside first. Are you hungry? Or thirsty?” she asked at once. 
“Mmm-hmm, I want to drink some water,” Dustin replied. 
It’s wonderful! He’s finally awake! Joan was so emotional that she hugged him tightly, sobbing at the same time. 
Her first reaction was to call Larry to tell him the good news. But after checking her watch, she decided against it as it was already late.
The next morning, Joan ran out of the ward to find the doctor. She wanted him to give Dustin a full checkup, to which the doctor readily agreed. 
“This really is a miracle. To be honest, none of us expected that he would wake up. Ms. Watts, all the credit goes to you,” the doctor remarked in delight. 
As Dustin’s doctor, he naturally hoped that his patient would recover as soon as possible. 
“Doctor, how is he now? Will he have other problems?” Joan asked with concern. 
She was worried that he might fall back into a coma anytime. 
“So far, we haven’t detected any other issues. But since he has awoken, he wouldn’t fall back into a coma,” the doctor declared with conviction. 
Having heard the doctor’s reassurances, Joan heaved a sigh of relief. 
“In that case, can he recover his memory?” Joan continued to ask. 
“That will depend on himself.” Once he was finished, the doctor left. 
It didn’t matter if he recovered his memories or not. As long as he was alive, that was all that matters. 
Meanwhile, Larry was sitting in his office, skimming through a magazine. He was oblivious to what was going on at the hospital. 
“Mr. Norton!” Suddenly, a voice he hadn’t heard for a long time called out. 
“Larry, Della is here,” Caspian informed as he opened the door to let her in. 
“What brings you here?” Larry asked as he stood up.
“I’m here to see you. I heard that you’ve been waiting for Joan. So how has it been going? Not planning to give up?” Della asked as she took a seat on the sofa. 
Give what up? Joan? That will never happen. As vigilance filled his eyes, Larry stood up and walked to the window. 
“Do I still have a chance?” she asked. 
She never liked beating around the bush. Hence, she always spoke her mind. 
“Della, I hope that we can be friends for life,” Larry stated. 
He couldn’t make it anymore more obvious. But, Della was already used to being rejected by him. 
“Come, let’s go and see Joan.” Just as she spoke, she walked out of the office. 
Worried that she might cause Joan trouble, Larry quickly went after her. 
“Why do you want to see her?” Larry asked. Della gave him the side-eye but didn’t reply. 
Soon, their car stopped at the hospital entrance. At that moment, Joan was out taking in the sun with Dustin. 
“Joan?” Larry stared at both of them in disbelief. 
He is awake! 
After Della glanced at Larry and then at Joan, she smiled in response. Since I’m unable to get him to open his heart to me, I might as well wish them all the best. As for Dustin, she believed it was just a matter of time before he backed out.
“Dustin?” Larry subconsciously called out to him. 
When Dustin saw Larry approaching, he grabbed Joan’s hand nervously.
###Chapter 2557
Chapter 2557 
“Joan, who is he? What is he doing here?” Dustin asked her anxiously. 
“Don’t worry, he is one of your friends,” Joan explained as she patted him on his shoulder. 
But why do they look so hostile? As Dustin looked at the approaching duo warily, he was filled with terror. 
He could sense that they were not friendly to him, and that was indeed the truth. 
“Don’t you remember?” Larry walked up to him and asked. 
When he saw the unfamiliar sight of Larry, Dustin nodded without a word. 
“He doesn’t remember anything at all,” Joan explained. 
With his eyes will with suspicion, Larry scrutinized Dustin. “What did the doctor say?” 
“The doctor said that there’s nothing more they can do, it’s all up to him. Nevertheless, it was a miracle for him to even wake up,” Joan replied with a smile as she gave Dustin a satisfied look. 
But for some reason, Larry felt that the smile was especially jarring and forced. 
If only one day she could smile that way at me, it would feel wonderful indeed. At that moment, Larry felt optimistic about the future. 
After all, now that Dustin was awake, it meant the time he could get back together with Joan had been brought forward. He was suddenly filled with anticipation for the day Dustin recovered his memories.
Della walked up and said to Joan, “Joan, as for what happened last time, I would like to sincerely apologize to you. As I had left too abruptly, I didn’t manage to say sorry.” 
In the face of the sudden apology, Joan didn’t know how to react. She had already forgotten about the incident and didn’t expect Della to remember. Hence, she appreciated the thought. 
“Ms. Duff, that’s water under the bridge. Look, isn’t everything wonderful now?” Joan remarked on purpose. 
She was never one to hold a grudge, especially toward Larry’s business partners. 
“What did you say? Did you disrespect Joan? Joan, don’t worry, let me protect you.” Just as he spoke, Dustin stood up and quickly stood in front of her, looking the part of a knight in shining armor. 
When she saw the adorable side of him, Della suddenly couldn’t help but snort in laughter. 
“Joan, did she bully you? Don’t be afraid, I’ll help you get your revenge!” he continued. 
When he saw what happening, Larry felt a sense of dread and displeasure. 
Larry could obviously see that Joan had a special place in Dustin’s heart despite him losing his memory. 
“Alright. Ms. Duff is only joking. So please calm down,” Joan quickly reassured him. 
“Since when did you have a sense of humor?” Della remarked as she laughed. 
“Dustin!” Suddenly, someone they hadn’t seen in a long time approached. 
“How is he? Is he alright? Does he have any other problems?” Jory scrutinized Dustin as he asked Joan.
“Other than losing his memory, he is largely doing fine,” Joan replied. 
With a delighted expression, Jory gave his best friend a sympathetic look. 
His sentiments were exactly the same as Joan’s. As long as Dustin was awake, it was a God given miracle. 
“Who are you? Are you my friend?” Dustin suddenly asked as he looked at Jory. 
Jory was so moved by his words that he almost teared up. 
As both of them had been the best of friends, a few words alone were enough to quickly break the ice. 
Soon, the news of Dustin’s recovery quickly spread, causing Caspian and Jessica to take notice. However, instead of Dustin’s health, they were more concerned about Larry and Joan’s relationship. 
“Larry, what did Joan say? Do you need Jessica to talk to her?” Caspian asked softly in the office, looking worried.
###Chapter 2558
Chapter 2558 
“No,” Larry replied. 
When he saw how calm Larry was, Caspian was puzzled. Nevertheless, he left the office without saying anything further. 
“How did it go? What did Larry say?” Jessica asked anxiously. 
Looking at her, Caspian shook his head in silence. 
Forget it! If he is not concerned, there’s no reason for us to be. Jessica turned and left. 
“Joan, what was our relationship previously?” Dustin stared at her and asked. 
Briefly stunned, Joan averted her gaze as she didn’t want to answer his question. 
“We were friends,” Joan pretended to act casually as she replied. 
Despite knowing that he would one day recover his memory, she didn’t have the courage to tell him about their past. 
“Is that so? And yet, here I was, thinking that we were husband and wife,” Dustin mumbled as he took a bite from the apple in his hand. 
At that moment, Joan felt an inexplicable bout of sadness. 
“In that case, what kind of man do you like?” Dustin asked again. 
Why is he asking such a nosy question? Joan looked at him with a smile. 
“Someone nice.” Her answer was simple but deep at the same time.
“Do I look like someone nice to you now?” he followed up at once. 
At that moment, Joan was stunned. You do but as a friend. She laughed awkwardly and pretended to not have heard him. 
As Joan gradually grew closer to Dustin after spending so much time together, Larry began to worry. 
After twenty days, when Dustin was well enough, the doctor recommended he be discharged. Hence, both of them could no longer stay together. 
“Joan, I don’t want to be away from you,” Dustin insisted softly as he grabbed onto Joan’s hands tightly. 
“You have recovered now, and it’s time to learn how to take care of yourself,” Joan comforted him. 
In truth, half a month ago, Dustin had recovered his memories. But he hid it from Joan as he didn’t want her to leave him. 
“In that case, what should I do when I miss you?” Dustin asked on purpose. 
He knew that Joan was definitely someone responsible. 
“You can give me a call,” she replied with a smile. 
Looking at how calm Joan was, Dustin heaved a sigh. 
I was better off sick. That way, she wouldn’t keep thinking of ways to reject my requests. Suddenly, he smiled mischievously as his eyes had an insidious glint to them. 
“Joan, what’s your relationship with Larry?” he asked on purpose. 
Joan stopped what she was doing and walked up to him. Gazing intently at him, she felt something was amiss but couldn’t tell what.
“Why are you asking about this all of a sudden?” She avoided answering. 
“No reason. I’m just worried that he will steal you away from me,” Dustin replied in an affectionate manner. 
He hasn’t changed a bit, always letting his imagination run wild. Turning away to hide her sadness, she let out a gentle sigh. 
Have I lost myself in this? Was it really a good idea to have cared for him unconditionally? She was worried that he would cling to her just like how he had previously done. 
“What’s wrong?” Dustin asked. 
“Nothing. Come, let’s pack quickly. It’s time to go home.” Just as she spoke, Joan began to get busy. 
The weather was good with clear skies all the way. Everything simply looked perfect. By the side of the road, there were a few stray cats rolling around languidly. 
“Alright now, I’ll go off first.” Just as she spoke, Joan turned to leave. 
“Wait, where are you going?” Dustin grabbed her arm and asked. 
“I’m going home,” she replied. 
Dustin smirked, looking upset. Going home to see Larry? 
“In that case, who will cook for me?” Suddenly, Joan’s gaze darkened. 
“Erm, I’ll hire a maid for you.”
###Chapter 2559
Chapter 2559 
“I don’t want a maid, I only want you.” His words infuriated the approaching figure. 
“Dustin, Joan is my wife, not yours,” Larry snapped. 
Turning around, Dustin was met with a fearsome gaze and an icy cold expression. 
I don’t care if they’re married or not. But as of now, Joan belongs to me! 
“Joan, so, you are married to him,” Dustin remarked on purpose, lowering his head. 
“No, I’m still not married,” she quickly corrected him. 
At that moment, Dustin smiled. 
I still have a chance. Furthermore, I’ve spent a lot more time with her now than last time. 
“Larry, you should go first. Dustin has just recovered…” Joan walked up to Larry to explain, worried that he would somehow get into an altercation with Dustin. 
“Joan, I’m sure you’re not aware that this so-called patient has already recovered his memory. He can already do everything by himself. However, he just wants to rely on you,” looking at her, Larry answered her intently. 
How is that possible? I’m sure I would know if Dustin has recovered his memory. 
“Enough, stop spouting nonsense.” 
Unable to get through to her, Larry finally left in disappointment. Looking at the forlorn figure, Dustin smiled to himself.
“Come, Joan, I’ll treat you to baked ribs today.” Just as he spoke, Dustin pushed her in. 
“Are you just going to let Dustin do whatever he wants?” Della asked softly in the car. 
Larry responded with silence. He felt that there it was time to have a proper talk with Joan. 
“Didn’t you go and pick Joan up? Where is she?” Delilah asked. 
“She’s busy,” Larry coldly replied before heading straight into his room. 
What can she be busy with other than caring for Dustin? Delilah smirked before leaving. 
Someone has said that love should be approached carefully. Or else, one would encounter many new experiences. At the same time, one would also grow and learn from those experiences. 
“Jessica, aren’t you supposed to explain yourself to me?” Caspian asked while sitting on the sofa. 
“What’s there to explain? There’s nothing to explain at all,” Jessica replied. 
What a joke. The third party has already emerged and yet she has nothing to say? Caspian’s eyes were filled with contempt. 
Jessica was never one to be long-winded. For whatever she had explained before, she would never repeat herself. 
“What is your relationship with Jasper? You must explain it to me,” Caspian bellowed. 
“I’m working. So, don’t disturb me,” Jessica snapped as she typed furiously on the keyboard. 
At that moment, she was oblivious to the fact that he was on the brink of emotional collapse. 
When he saw the woman he loved ignoring him, he finally slammed the door and left.
“Next time, stay away from my girl.” In a park, Caspian warned the man in front of him. 
“I like her and I will pursue her,” Jasper replied defiantly. 
How dare he speak with such impudence! The rage within Caspian began to swell. 
“She already has a boyfriend.” 
“It doesn’t matter. We will compete for her fairly. She will be the one to decide who the winner is,” Jasper declared confidently. 
Caspian was puzzled as to where Jasper derived his confidence from to act so brazenly. 
“She will never choose you,” Caspian reminded him. 
“Who knows,” Jasper replied with a shrug. 
It was now obvious that a war was about to break out. 
When Jessica finished her work, it was only then did she notice Caspian was gone. 
Where did he go? She picked up her phone and made a call. 
“I feel like having some desserts,” she suggested coquettishly. 
“Sure.” Just as he spoke, Caspian ended the call. 
Strange, since when did he become so cold? Jessica shook her head and began to rack her brains.
###Chapter 2560
Chapter 2560 
“She likes mousse cakes,” Jasper quipped. 
He really has done his homework. Caspian responded with silence. 
From then on a bloodless war had begun. 
“Your cake.” Caspian placed the cake on Jessica’s table. 
However, no one answered him. Only when he walked to the balcony did he realize that she had fallen asleep in her chair. 
Meanwhile, in a café, Dustin taunted the man opposite him, “What’s wrong? Are you jealous?” 
“When will you stop messing around?” Larry questioned. 
Snorting, Dustin gave him the side-eye without saying a word. 
He wasn’t messing around. In fact, he was seriously fighting for his happiness this time. 
“Why are you hiding the fact that you have recovered your memories?” Larry continued to ask. 
It’s none of your business. Dustin replied with disdain, “I not hiding anything.” 
This bastard may be able to deceive Joan but there’s no way I will fall for his tricks. 
Everything indicates that his body and his mind are fine. And yet, he insists on clinging on to Joan. 
“Dustin, why are you doing this? Is it because you like her? Is that why you want her to stay by your side?” Larry asked.
Only he is capable of carrying out such despicable behavior. 
“I have always liked Joan,” Dustin replied. 
All this while, I have never competed properly with him. That has been my mistake all along. 
Very good, he has indirectly admitted to it. Larry took a sip of coffee before getting up to leave. 
In the room, Joan was lying on the bed, utterly exhausted. After tucking her in, Larry rested his cheeks on his hand as he stared at her. 
She is just as pretty as always but looks a lot more haggard now. Whenever he recalled that Dustin was the cause, Larry couldn’t help but feel disappointed. 
She is obviously mine but yet act as if she is Dustin’s wife. 
“What’s wrong?” she mumbled as she turned around, gradually opening her eyes. 
“It’s nothing. You should continue to sleep,” Larry replied. 
“I can’t sleep anymore,” Joan hugged him tightly by the waist. 
At that moment, Larry could feel her love for him. 
“Why don’t you believe me?” Larry suddenly asked. 
His words piqued her curiosity. “What are you talking about?” 
“Dustin has recovered his memory and is deceiving you all this while.” Larry jerked her into his embrace and tried to feel the warmth from her body.
“Larry, I know that I have neglected you recently. But can you please trust me for once?” Joan replied, burying her face in his chest. 
He wasn’t worried about Joan. Instead, it was Dustin that he was concerned about. He was sure that amidst their interactions, Dustin would definitely have designs on Joan. 
Sensing that she would not believe him, Larry stopped trying to explain. After all, he didn’t want to wreck the beautiful moment on Dustin’s account. 
When Joan awoke the next morning, the first thing she did was to find a maid for Dustin. However, for some strange reason, none of them wanted the job, as if they had all agreed to refuse her. 
“Hello, is this Mrs. Johnson? I’m looking for a maid that can cook…” 
“I’m sorry, I have already found a job.” With that, she ended the call. 
Unknown to her, Dustin had made arrangements beforehand. 
She had promised him that before she found a maid, she would still be responsible for his household chores. 
Checking the time and realizing it was getting late, Joan had no choice but to change. When she walked past the living room, she ran into Delilah.
###Chapter 2561
Chapter 2561 
“Where are you going?” Delilah asked. 
“I’m heading out for a while,” Joan answered. 
Is she going to see Dustin? Delilah furrowed her eyebrows as she mumbled to herself. 
Finally, under pressure from Dustin’s guilt-tripping, Joan agreed to work as his maid for the time being. 
Standing behind her, Dustin asserted with a smile, “It’s a deal, you’re not allowed to break your promise.” 
“I won’t. However, I will continue to find you a maid,” Joan replied. 
She really is a stubborn one. Dustin stared at her affectionately. 
“What did you say? Joan is working for Dustin as his maid?” Larry sprang to his feet and exclaimed. 
Prior to this, he could tolerate Joan taking care of Dustin as he really needed someone to care for him. But now, there wasn’t a need for one as he had fully recovered. 
“Larry, let’s go and pick Joan up right now,” Caspian suggested. 
However, Larry knew that she wouldn’t give up taking care of Dustin right away. 
“Quick, go online and find a maid!” Larry bellowed. 
Damn it, Dustin is going overboard with this. Larry banged the table in anger. 
“Alright, dinner is ready. I’m going home now,” Joan remarked as she packed.
“Don’t be a stranger, let’s eat together.” Smiling, Dustin pointed to the table filled with food. 
“No thanks, I have to cook for my son,” she replied. 
“No, there’s no way I can finish everything you have cooked,” Dustin ran toward her and blocked her way. 
Staring at him, Joan felt she didn’t have a choice. She didn’t want Dustin to be angry as she was worried he would lose his memory. 
“I’ll have a quick bite then,” Joan muttered as she entered the dining room and picked up her fork. 
As both of them chatted while eating, it didn’t feel awkward at all. Dustin was enjoying the moment although Joan was feeling impatient. 
Bam! Bam! Bam! 
Suddenly, someone banged on the door furiously. 
Who can it be at this hour? Looking at the door, Dustin was filled with a sense of dread. 
“Open the door,” Joan reminded him. 
“Okay.” He slowly got up and headed over. 
“Sorry for interrupting dinner,” Larry greeted him. 
“What are you doing here?” Dustin questioned in a hostile tone. 
“I’m here to bring you a maid. I heard that you have been looking for one,” Larry replied as he patted the shoulder of the woman beside him.
“Who is it?” Joan asked loudly from the dining room. 
“It’s me!” Larry shouted back. 
Standing up at once, Joan hurried to the door. “Why are you here?” Joan asked coquettishly after running into his arms. 
“Didn’t you ask me to get you a maid? Have you forgotten?” Larry replied as he gently pinched her cheeks. 
Joan immediately understood what was going on. 
“I’m surprised at how quick you manage to find one,” Joan answered, feigning astonishment. 
“Hello,” the woman beside them greeted. 
However, Dustin was visibly upset. 
With regards to the maid that Dustin had found him, he nitpicked on everything she did. In just two days, the maid quit immediately. After that, Dustin would call Joan every day, complaining that he was tired, hungry, pitiful, and that there was no one to look after him. 
After Joan found out that the maid had quit, she went to see Dustin. 
Prior to that, she spoke to the maid and got to know that Dustin had made life difficult for her on purpose. 
“Dustin, what kind of maid are you looking for?” Joan asked helplessly. 
“Someone like you,” he replied cheekily.
“But I’m not a maid and I have my own job,” Joan replied in a serious tone.
###Chapter 2562
Chapter 2562 
“Joan, I love you,” Dustin confessed out of the blue. 
In the next second, countless red rose petals drifted from above as melodious music played. A sweet, floral scent of roses wafted in the air. 
“Dustin, we have always been close friends,” the woman reminded him. 
Still, she was the only one he wanted to be his wife. 
“Joan, be my girlfriend,” he added. 
“But I’m Larry’s girlfriend,” she answered. 
Annoyance pulsed through his veins every time he heard Larry’s name from her. 
“We’ve been together for so long. I don’t believe you don’t have any feeling for me.” 
Yes, we’ve been together for a long while, but what’s between us isn’t romance, but familial love. 
“I’m sorry, Dustin. Larry and I are going to get married soon.” The woman stood up and was about to leave the restaurant. 
She refused to give him any false hope, even if she had to lie. 
“Why not me?” Dustin questioned. 
Turning around, she answered, “Because there’s no love between us.” 
“It takes time to fall in love with someone.”
“Sorry, I already have Larry.” Her answer left him feeling helpless. 
Yeah, her heart is already occupied by another man. There’s no room for other insignificant people like me. Dejected, Dustin let out a snigger. However, he was not going to give up just yet. 
Right then, Joan recalled Larry’s words. 
Perhaps Dustin has regained his memories, but he hid it from me. 
She became suspicious of him because of the housemaid. 
“Congratulations!” Jory shouted while walking in. 
“What for?” Dustin asked without lifting his head. 
“What happened? Did Joan provoke you?” he asked. 
Exactly. I finally mustered up the courage to confess to her, but she rejected me with only a few words. 
On the couch, Dustin mumbled while swaying the glass of red wine in his hand. “I don’t want to talk about it.” 
Knowing that he had failed again, Jory dropped the subject. 
“When are you going to tell her you’ve regained your memory?” 
“No idea. I’ll see how it goes. Maybe I’ll tell her tomorrow, or I might never tell her for the rest of my life.” 
It all depends on my mood. 
Now Larry and Joan’s relationship was in a mess, and the same goes for Caspian and Jessica’s as well.
When two people who were in the same boat came together, the atmosphere remained awkward and pessimistic even when they remained silent. 
“What’s wrong with you?” Larry asked the man in front of him. 
“Nothing.” Caspian shook his head, implying that he was fine. 
Who is he trying to fool? Judging from his aloof expression, he was obviously feeling vexed right now. 
Eventually, the man couldn’t stand it anymore. 
“Larry, someone is trying to pursue Jessica,” he said directly. 
“Oh,” Larry replied impassively. 
“Wait, Larry. Why aren’t you surprised at all?” 
“What’s so surprising about that? Jessica is gorgeous and outstanding. It’s only fair that she has many admirers,” he answered. 
“What should I do now?” Caspian asked again. 
“Be as outstanding as she is.” At his words, the anxiety and worry within Caspian’s heart ceased. 
He’s right. I have to become more outstanding. Only then I’m worthy of Jessica. Immediately, he stood up and strode out of the office. Picking up a book, he started reading diligently. 
Staring at his solemn face, Larry chuckled. 
He understood the love Caspian had for Jessica, so he wouldn’t make fun of him.
That was exactly how men were when they fell for someone. They were willing to do anything for the sake of the women they loved, even if they didn’t like it. That was why he could tolerate and allow Joan to take care of Dustin.
###Chapter 2563
Chapter 2563 
“Jessica, this is for you.” At the entrance of the bookstore, Jasper held a bouquet of roses, carefully handing it to Jessica. 
Staring at the red roses, the woman thought of Caspian. 
It’s been a while since Caspian gave me red roses. 
“I’m sorry, I can’t accept the flowers,” she answered at once. 
There was not a hint of astonishment on Jasper’s face, as he had anticipated her answer. 
“Why? Are you afraid that Caspian will find out about this?” Jasper asked. 
Why would I be afraid? Caspian and I have gone through ups and downs, so we know each other well. There’s no way we would get worked up or jealous unnecessarily because of trivial matters or unimportant people. 
“Caspian is my fiancé. Please don’t do this again,” she warned. 
“I don’t mind. I’ve declared war against him,” Jasper replied confidently. 
The woman was stunned. Have they met each other? 
“That’s right! You only need to make the final decision in the end,” Caspian proclaimed from some distance away. 
In the next second, Jessica turned around and raced over to him. 
The way she scampered coquettishly to his side made Jasper green with envy.
“Am I late?” Caspian asked, planting a kiss on her forehead. 
“No,” Jessica answered while shaking her head. Her countenance was beaming with joy. 
While watching that scene, a sudden realization dawned on Jasper before he turned around and left. 
“Joan, your phone is ringing!” Delilah informed her from the living room. 
Joan trotted to her phone. Glancing at the name on the screen, she appeared reluctant to pick up the phone. 
“Why don’t you answer the call?” Delilah asked. 
“No, I don’t want to talk to him.” The woman ended the call and tossed the phone onto the couch. 
However, her phone kept on buzzing incessantly. 
Delilah couldn’t help but pick the phone up and put it on speaker. “Hello.” 
Dustin was taken aback when he heard the elderly woman’s voice, but he pulled himself together right away. 
“Hello, Ms. Young. Can I speak to Joan, please?” Dustin said. 
“Joan isn’t around.” The woman hung up on him straight away. 
Shocked, Dustin stared at his phone with a blank face. 
Since when did Ms. Young become so quick-tempered? Fine, I’ll look for her straight away. Wait, no, I can’t do that. Joan still thinks that I have amnesia. 
The man retraced his steps at once.
In the meantime, Delilah urged, “Remarry Larry as soon as possible. That’ll save you a lot of hassle.” 
Joan nodded her head obediently. 
“When are you two going to have the pre-wedding photoshoot?” the woman asked again. 
“I don’t know. Larry seems busy lately,” she answered. 
Hearing her answer, Delilah felt assured. 
Previously, every time she brought this topic up, Joan always brushed it off. But this time, the latter didn’t do that. Taking out her phone, Delilah went into her bedroom and made a call. 
“You and Joan should go for your pre-wedding photoshoot tomorrow,” she suggested directly. 
Her words intrigued Larry. 
Why does Ms. Young bring this up all of a sudden? But Joan hasn’t decided when she’s going to marry me. 
“Ms. Young, I would like to wait for Joan to…” 
“Wait no more! She has already agreed to it. Just ask her, and she’ll say yes!” she growled in an anxious tone. 
Why does she say so? Have Joan made up her mind? An ember of hope ignited within the man’s heart. 
Soon, he rushed home. Right after eating his dinner, he went into his bedroom. 
On the bed, Joan was reading a newspaper languidly, like she had nothing to do. 
“Joan…” Larry called out softly.
“Yes?” Lifting her head, she responded. 
“Shall we take our pre-wedding photos tomorrow?” he asked in a deep voice, attempting to sound her out gingerly.
###Chapter 2564
Chapter 2564 
Putting down the newspaper in her hand, she cupped the man’s face with both hands. A gleam of delight was in her eyes. 
“Sure,” she answered slowly. 
Over the moon, Larry hopped up and down on the bed, as though he was a little boy. 
“Hey, Larry, what are you doing? Stop jumping!” Joan yelled while trying to stop him. 
Unexpectedly, he sprinted out of his room and announced, “Ms. Young, Joan agreed to take pre- wedding photos with me!” 
Delilah looked at the excited man, and the corner of her lips curled up in a satisfied smile. 
He was a merciless and high-handed president in the business industry, but deep down, he was more like a kid, mischievous and childish. 
“Dad, what are you doing?” Rubbing his eyes, Lucius ambled out of his bedroom. 
Larry gazed at him with a guilty face. 
“Nothing, Lucius. Go back to sleep.” With that, he gently pushed the boy back into his bedroom. 
Coming out of her room, Joan slapped the man’s shoulder. “Quickly go to bed.” She then flashed an embarrassed smile at Delilah. 
From that moment on, Larry felt as if his entire world was lit up. 
“Okay, calm down. We’re not doing the photoshoot today,” the woman mumbled while getting into bed.
On the bed, Larry rolled over and pinned Joan beneath him and pecked her on the cheek. Gradually, the two got hot and heavy before they drifted off to sleep with sweet smiles. 
The next morning, Larry bit her ear and asked in a soft voice, “Aren’t you going to wake up?” 
“I’m so tired,” she murmured, hugging him tightly. 
Gazing at her coy expression, the man felt his heart pound harder. Just when he was about to lean his body on top of hers again, she rolled over and got out of his embrace. 
“Are you busy today?” she asked. 
“No, I’ll be with you the entire day,” he replied, caressing her body. 
From eight to ten o’clock, the two were still snuggled together on the bed as the clock ticked away. 
“It’s time to get up!” Delilah’s voice came from the living room. 
The couple on the bed broke into a fit of giggles. 
They thought Delilah had gone to the garden early in the morning. However, the woman was planning to stay at home throughout the day just to make sure that the two would really have their pre-wedding photoshoot today. 
“Hurry and don’t dilly-dally. Go for the photoshoot after eating,” Delilah urged them while bustling about. 
Under her supervision, the couple had their breakfast and got into the car. 
As people got older, they usually lacked a sense of security and preferred to do things personally, and Delilah was no exception.. 
In the photography studio, everyone weaved through the crowd, looking busy yet blissful.
It was a good day for the photoshoot, so the place was packed with couples. 
“Mr. Norton, who are you taking the photos with?” The manager approached him. 
“My fiancée,” Larry replied, adjusting his tie. 
The manager glanced at Joan and gave her a meaningful smile. But above all, he was happy for the couple in front of him. 
“Come on. Take photos for Mr. Norton first!” At his command, the whole photography studio was in full swing. 
“Mrs. Norton, smile!” 
“Mr. Norton, please stand closer to your Mrs. Norton.” 
After a long day of photoshoot, although it was a heart-warming experience, the woman was worn out. She slumped into a couch, rubbing her legs. 
Larry came over and massaged her shoulders. “Are you tired?” 
“Not really.” She gave him a smile. 
Though the woman was exhausted, she felt elated. 
Meanwhile, Dustin jumped to his feet and screamed, “What did you say? Joan and Larry took their pre- wedding photos in a studio? When was it?”
###Chapter 2565
Chapter 2565 
“It’s today,” Jory answered indifferently. 
Damn Larry! How dare he do this! Dustin stomped away aggressively. 
“How about this?” Joan tilted back her chin, revealing her tantalizing collar bones while asking a photographer. 
“No way!” Larry dashed to her side, pulling the sleeves of her dress back up, covering her alluring shoulders. 
“What are you doing? We’re taking photos,” she grumbled. 
“I know,” he replied. 
Joan turned to look at the man. Despite her displeasure, she was expectant. 
The woman wrapped her arms around his neck. “Are you jealous? But we’re shooting our pre-wedding photos,” she explained. 
“Okay, but only for once.” The man pinched her cheek. 
“Sure.” She tiptoed and kissed the man’s lips before turning around and scurrying away. 
Later, Dustin barged into the photography studio, glancing around and shrieking, “Where’s she? Where did she go?” 
The people around him cast curious glances at him as if he was a deranged man. 
“Hello, sir. Who are you looking for?” the manager asked directly.
Dustin grabbed his hand and questioned hurriedly, “Where’s Joan?” 
“Do you mean Mr. and Mrs. Norton? They already left,” the man replied politely. 
For some inexplicable reason, he panicked slightly as he looked at the edgy man in front of him. 
“Have they finished taking their pre-wedding photos?” Dustin asked again. 
“Yes.” The man gave him a smile. 
That’s fast! Biting his lip, Dustin appeared agitated. 
“I want to take a look at their photos,” he demanded. 
The manager seemed troubled. “Sorry, I’m afraid I can’t do that. In our photography studio, we’re not allowed to show our clients’ photos to any outsider.” 
I’m being so courteous already. If this tactless man still refuses to leave, I’ll have to kick him out by force. Clasping his hands together, he sized Dustin up. 
“I’m their friend. Please let me take a look.” 
He shouldn’t allow this man see the photos, even if the client was his own family, let alone his friends. 
“I’m sorry. Please leave.” The manager turned around and walked away. 
Glancing around, Dustin saw a few security guards nearby. After a moment of hesitation, he gave up and left. 
Fine. I’ll never forget this photography studio. 
Staring at his departing back, the manager picked his phone up from the table and dialed a number.
“Mr. Norton, a man named Dustin came over just now.” 
“What did he say?” Larry asked straight away. 
“He wanted to go through your pre-wedding photos, but I rejected him,” the man answered in a deep voice. 
“Well done. We don’t know that man. Don’t believe him if he ever comes again.” He hung up after saying that. 
Finally, he can’t hold it in any longer. Larry stood up, sauntered to the window, and looked at the ocean. His eyes glinted with glee, as things had worked out exactly as expected. 
Meanwhile, Dustin was sitting in the living room, feeling exasperated and perturbed. He didn’t have the nerve to call Larry, as he was afraid of being recorded, nor did he have the guts to settle scores with the man, or else he might expose the fact he had regained his memory. 
“What are you actually thinking?” Jory asked beside him. 
I just want to fight against Larry till the end and snatch Joan from him. But why is it so hard? Distressed, Dustin scratched the back of his head. 
“Do you need my help?” the man asked again. 
“No need.” He didn’t want to get Jory involved, as this was his personal affair. Besides, Jory was his trump card, which he wouldn’t play unless it was his last resort. 
“Are you sure?” Jory continued asking. 
“Yes, I’m sure.”
After the photoshoot ended, Joan went home straight away. Sure enough, Delilah was still watching TV in the living room, but her mind had wandered off long ago.
###Chapter 2566
Chapter 2566 
The second Joan arrived home, Delilah ran over, held her hand, and brought her to the couch with an amiable expression. 
“How did the photoshoot go? Is it done?” she asked promptly with a grin. 
“Yeah, it’s done.” 
“Do the photos look good? Let me see it,” the woman asked eagerly. 
“The photos are not ready yet.” 
“I want to see the digital ones.” 
Since when does Ms. Young become so concerned about Larry’s and my wedding? She used to respect my opinions and decisions. Why does she keep urging me to marry Larry recently? Casually, Joan fished out her phone, clicked into the gallery, and showed her the photos. 
“Mmm, not bad. They look great. Joan, after getting married, you and Larry must cherish one another and live well together, alright? Don’t get involved with other men like Dustin, Caiden, and Jake…” Delilah advised earnestly. 
Why do her words sound so awkward? Staring at the woman, it finally struck Joan that Delilah wished that she and Larry would live happily ever after. Their marriage was a way to dash the hopes of the other men. 
“I got it, Ms. Young. Don’t worry,” she answered lightly.
“I’ve discussed with Larry. Once the pre-wedding photos are out, you two are going to pick a date and hold the wedding.” 
That’s fast. A hint of excitement flashed across Joan’s eyes. 
“Ms. Young, I prefer a quiet and low-profile wedding,” she whispered. 
Delilah no doubt understood the woman’s thoughts, so she had made the proper arrangements. 
“Sure.” 
In the office, Caspian ran in and asked, “Larry, I heard you and Joan took pre-wedding photos.” 
“It’s true,” Larry replied while signing some documents. 
Instantly, Jessica leaned against his desk, staring intently at him with an inquisitive look. 
“Larry, how did you win Joan over?” she asked. 
“Stop disturbing me. I’m busy,” Larry replied. 
How boring! Why doesn’t he just tell us about it? Standing upright, Jessica headed to the couch. 
“Shouldn’t you both register your marriage already?” Larry suggested out of the blue. 
Lifting his head, Caspian glanced at the woman with grievance. 
I long to marry Jessica, but she wants to put her career first. Fine, it’s up to her. I’m willing to do anything as long as she’s happy. 
Sitting down, he started reading a document. 
“There’s no need to rush. We’re still young,” Jessica replied bashfully.
“No, you’re not young anymore. It’s time to have a baby,” Larry said intentionally. 
He has voiced out my heart’s desire. Caspian was all ears, waiting keenly for her answer. 
“We’ll talk about this later,” she declined directly. 
In a split second, the air in the office stilled. 
Just as expected by Caspian, the woman stood firm and refused to change her mind. 
“Yes, we’re not in a hurry,” he played along. Glancing at his beloved woman, he gave her a reassuring smile. 
His words filled her heart with warm fuzzies. 
She admired his patience. That was why she chose to spend the rest of her life with this man. 
Who says that couples have to get married? Who says that people must have babies after getting married? These are only viewpoints of some conservative people. Spinning the pen in her hand, the woman was engrossed in her thoughts. 
Watching the couple’s reactions, Larry seemed to have understood something, so he didn’t speak further. 
Meanwhile, Jory advised gently, “Dustin, since things have already turned out this way. Why don’t you get over her?” 
Dustin stared blankly out the window. His eyes glazed over. 
Should I really give up? I’m a little lost right now. I’ve always been determined to marry Joan, but she refuses to give me a single chance.
###Chapter 2567
Chapter 2567 
Turning around to glance at the man, Dustin asked, “How are you lately?” 
“Everything’s fine,” Jory answered. 
Nancy and her child had resumed their normal life and routine, and that made him feel relieved. 
“Call me if you need anything. I’ll support you regardless of your decision.” Jory walked away afterward. 
Dustin’s heart grew heavy as he stared at the man’s departing back. Why can’t Joan be the one who says these words? 
In the meantime, in the photography studio, a young man asked politely, “Boss, the photos are ready. Do we need to deliver them to the client?” 
“Yes, go and deliver them. Drive safely and remember to be very careful. Don’t ever make any mistake,” the manager said solemnly with a stern face. 
These are the pre-wedding photos of Larry and Joan. I can’t afford to offend the Nortons. 
“Noted.” The young man walked out of the photography studio. 
On his way, there were only a few pedestrians on the road, as it was during working hours. Therefore, he paid little attention to the traffic, thinking that he would be fine as long as he followed the traffic rules obediently. However, little did he know, someone had control over everything on the road. 
Bang! A car appeared out of nowhere, violated the rules, and hit the young man. 
The wreckage of the car scattered all over the place. As the photos dropped onto the ground, the young man’s eyes closed.
Beside him lay two frames, and the couple in the photos had bright smiles on their faces. 
“What did you say? An accident? Oh my God! Why is he so careless?” The manager darted out of the photography studio at once. 
The moment Joan heard that her pre-wedding photos had been damaged, her first response was not anger, but showing concern for the young man. 
“How is he now? Is it serious?” the woman asked hurriedly. 
“Mrs. Norton, I’m so sorry. It’s our staff’s fault, so we’ll bear the responsibility for all the losses,” the manager said and bowed to her. 
“How is his condition now? Is he alright?” Joan’s voice grew anxious. 
“His condition has stabilized now. He’ll be fine after taking some time for recuperation,” the manager replied quickly. 
She heaved a sigh of relief at his answer. 
Perplexed, everyone looked at her in astonishment. 
Under such circumstances, the client would usually be infuriated and find faults with the photography studio. However, she didn’t do so, but asked about the staff’s safety instead. A delighted smile broke across the manager’s face as he looked at Joan. 
Recently, he was planning to migrate to another country. The business of the photography studio was going downhill, so he was about to shut it down for good, despite everyone’s reluctance. However, he had second thoughts after this incident. 
Perhaps I can hand over the photography studio to this woman.
In the office, Larry was discussing a project with the heads of other companies, totally oblivious to what was happening at the hospital. 
Caspian came in and said, “Larry, Joan’s at the hospital.” 
“What happened to her? Did something go wrong?” Larry questioned right away. 
“No, Joan is fine, but your pre-wedding photos are ruined,” Caspian explained. 
The man breathed a sigh of relief. 
Why is he making a fuss out of that? After all, this isn’t uncommon. Without a word, Larry gave him a side-eye, looking all calm and collected. 
“Larry, have you expected this to happen?” Caspian asked. 
“Stop asking and go back to work.” he waved his hand dismissively. 
After Caspian left the office, Larry stopped working, picked his phone up, and made a call. 
“Why? You finally can’t stand it anymore?” he asked coldly. 
There was a moment of silence on the other side of the phone. Afterward, the man spoke slowly, “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” 
With that said, Dustin was about to hang up the phone. 
“How can you forget something that you’ve done so quickly?” the man continued questioning him.
###Chapter 2568
Chapter 2568 
“Let me warn you, Dustin. I don’t care what you’re trying to do, but if you ever hurt Joan, I’ll rip you into pieces.” Larry hung up on the man. 
Dustin was still holding the phone next to his ear. The atmosphere was tensed and unsettling. Thank God nothing terrible happened to the photography studio staff, or else I’ll be imprisoned. 
Later, Jory reminded him over the phone. “Dustin, be careful not to go overboard.” 
“I got it. Don’t worry, I know what I’m doing.” The man ended the call. 
In a secluded corner, two men were whispering to each other in a panic. 
“I never expected things to end up this way,” a man said hastily. 
“Take this sum of money and pay for his medical fees. Move overseas after settling this issue. Don’t stay here anymore,” Dustin ordered. 
Money was power. One could make another do anything he wanted with money. This saying had been proven true all the time. 
Soon, the staff had recovered, and the photography studio was handed over to Joan smoothly. 
“Mrs. Norton, this photography studio is now yours. You can do whatever you want with it,” the manager said with a grin beside her. 
Initially, Joan didn’t want to take over this business. However, Larry kept persuading her to go for it, and she had plenty of free time every day. In the end, she accepted it reluctantly.
“Come over here, everyone. Let me introduce this lady. This is Ms. Joan Watts, and she’ll be the new owner from today onward…” 
The announcement was greeted by rapturous applause. 
Their enthusiasm lifted Joan’s mood. A warm smile spread across her face. 
“Ms. Watts, from now on, you’ll be our head. Let us know if you need anything at all.” 
“Yes, Ms. Watts. What would you like to drink? Coffee or tea?” 
A few staffs gathered around her and made jokes casually. None of them was uptight in her presence. 
“What are you doing? How can you speak to our leader like that?” Suddenly, a supervisor marched over to them. 
“It’s alright. We’re getting on well with each other, and I think this is great. Just relax. By the way, I’m not familiar with photography yet…” 
Her humble attitude made everyone grow fond of her. 
“Ms. Watts, here is your coffee.” The supervisor looked up at her with a grin. 
“Thank you.” Taking the cup of coffee, the woman nodded politely before she turned around and left. 
She always had a distaste for bootlickers. 
Nevertheless, Dustin wasn’t informed that Joan had become the new owner of the photography studio. As usual, he stirred up all kinds of troubles. 
“What’s going on?” Joan asked, trotting into the lobby.
The window of the photography studio had been broken, and the office was in a terrible mess. Glancing helplessly around the office, the staffs was tongue-tied and hung their heads. 
“Who did this?” she questioned. 
“Ms. Watts, it’s already like this when we came in this morning,” a staff answered in a low voice. 
“Have you guys offended anyone before?” the woman asked again. 
“No, no. Ms. Watts, we’ve always been cautious and dedicated. Not once did we offend people,” another staff clarified promptly. 
“Have you checked the surveillance footage?” she inquired. 
“The surveillance footage has been destroyed.” 
It seems like someone has it all planned out. In an instant, uneasiness washed over her. 
“Okay, don’t fret. Let’s tidy up the office. I’ll look into this matter.” Joan then began cleaning up the floor. 
Now that I’m the owner of this place, I have to take up my responsibility. 
Later, a young woman approached her and asked, “Ms. Watts, what should we do next?” 
What else should we do? Just keep the business running. Standing up, Joan looked doubtfully at the young woman. 
The latter reminded, “We don’t even have a single client with us. Another photography studio poached all our clients.”
###Chapter 2569
Chapter 2569 
What have I gotten myself into? Joan gave herself a knock on her head in an attempt to calm herself down. 
“How about changing our name and promoting the studio? Let’s come up with a package and give our clients a discount. We can even offer them photoshoot without advance payment.” 
Joan had no experience in managing a company. However, as Larry’s wife, she had stayed by his side long enough to acquire some skills and ideas to run a business. 
In the meeting room, she asked solemnly, “What do you think? Do you think it’s going to work?” 
“Yes, it is. But, Ms. Watts, won’t we suffer heavy losses if we do it without advance payment?” 
“No worries, I’ll pump in some funds. Our current priority is to build the reputation of our studio. Once the business gets on track, I’ll give everyone a pay raise. In the coming weeks, I really need your full cooperation,” she replied. 
Joan was a gorgeous and easygoing boss. That was why the staffs were loyal and gave their all at work. 
“Okay, since Ms. Watts has said it, let’s get on to work.” A staff jumped to his feet and declared with both hands raised. Immediately, the rest followed suit. With their hands raised, they looked as if they were making a vow, oozing confidence. 
Great. This is my dream team. 
“Let’s have a dinner tonight!” Joan announced. In an instant, everyone in the meeting room was buzzing with excitement.
Since Joan took over the photography studio, there was no longer a hierarchy among them. Everyone became closer to one another, and the atmosphere at work was relaxing. All of them welcomed such a change. 
Meanwhile, Larry was in the living room, taking off his jacket while asking gently, “Ms. Young, where’s Joan?” 
“She’s not back yet,” Delilah answered from the kitchen. 
The man glanced at his watch. A worried look crossed his face. It’s getting late. Is she working overtime? 
Holding his phone, he asked, “Where are you?” 
“I’m having a dinner outside,” Joan spoke loudly into the phone. 
“What time does it end? I’ll pick you up.” 
“You don’t have to pick me up. Don’t worry, I can come home on my own.” She then ended the call. 
Larry didn’t think too much, as he could understand her feelings of having taken over a new photography studio. Afterward, the man headed to his bedroom. 
“Ms. Young, I’m going to take a rest.” Apparently, he would not have dinner tonight. 
“Ms. Watts, I’m really jealous of you,” a tipsy female staff blurted out. 
Stunned, Joan gave her a smile without a word. 
What’s there to be jealous of? I’m going through bizarre things each day, yet I have to play my role well at home. Sometimes, I felt strained, but I kept it to myself.
“How blessed are you to have a money tree like Mr. Norton. You can buy just whatever you want without glancing at the price tag,” she babbled on. 
“All my expenses are my hard-earned money,” Joan clarified. 
“What? Why don’t you ask Mr. Norton for money? He’s filthy rich, and you’re his girlfriend. He should provide for you.” 
“I don’t need that, because I’m able to fend for myself,” she replied while getting some food for herself. 
Some women wished their other half got everything ready for them, while the others strived to be more self-reliant. 
“But Ms. Watts, who do you love actually?” 
The room fell pin-drop silent at her question. Slowly lifting her head, Joan narrowed her eyes at the female staff, asking warily, “Who do you mean?” 
The latter shook her head and added, “I heard that you’ve been with Dustin before.” 
“I was only taking care of him,” Joan explained promptly. 
The female staff burped. “Who are you trying to fool? If you don’t love him, why did you even take care of him at the hospital? Anyway, he isn’t as wealthy as Mr. Norton.”
###Chapter 2570
Chapter 2570 
Why is she sprouting nonsense all of a sudden? Joan felt provoked by her words. 
The ambiance at the dinner was ruined. Within half an hour, they finished eating and went on their separate ways. 
“Ms. Watts, let me send you home,” a man ran over to her. 
“It’s okay. I’ll hail a cab.” She turned around and strode away. 
In the meantime, the drunk female staff was still grumbling about Joan while wobbling away. 
Some distance away, a black car pulled over by the roadside, waiting for the woman who was sauntering toward it. 
“A penny for your thought?” Unexpectedly, Larry came into her sight. 
“Why did you come here?” the woman asked in astonishment. 
“I feel worried that you’re going home alone late at night.” 
Pausing briefly, he held her hand and asked, “Why? Are you unhappy with this?” 
“Larry, when I was with Dustin, did you feel heartbroken?” she asked suddenly. 
Is that even a question? No man is willing to see his loved one be together with another man. The man nodded in agreement. 
“But he has recuperated, so he no longer needs you,” he muttered. 
Soon, the two arrived home.
“Has something gone wrong at the photography studio?” Larry asked directly. 
“Yeah, but it’s okay. I’ve lodged a police report,” Joan answered gradually. 
“Why didn’t you tell me?” he questioned. 
“It’s just a small matter,” the woman replied. 
Glancing at her confident face, Larry remained silent. 
After the pre-wedding photos were damaged, Larry and Joan had been occupied with work each day, so none of them suggested taking the photos again. But Delilah was running out of patience. 
“What are the two of you thinking? We’ve found a suitable venue and booked the hotel. Why do you want to cancel the wedding all of a sudden?” she protested with displeasure. 
“Ms. Young, both Larry and I are busy. We don’t have the time to spare,” Joan quickly explained. 
How can she not make time for her own wedding? 
“Tell me now. Are you going to get married or not?” the woman interrogated. 
“Ms. Young, we’re going to get married. It’s just that we need to postpone it,” she answered immediately. 
Enraged, Delilah stormed out of the living room, ignoring Joan. 
As a matter of fact, the development of Norton Corporation was gaining momentum. All the enterprises in the city were vying to collaborate with this leading company. However, that was not the case for Joan’s photography studio. Up till now, she had yet to find out the troublemaker. 
In the living room, Dustin murmured, “Are you sure the photography studio has a new owner now?”
“Yes, I’m sure. The former manager has migrated. The new owner is a woman named Joan Watts,” the man facing him answered. 
Stupefied, he took a sip of tea. 
Why did Joan take over the photography studio? Is she short of money? That can’t be! 
“I got it. You may go now,” he instructed. 
The photography studio was originally the best in the city, but Dustin’s sneaky deeds had caused the business to deteriorate. At first, he planned to acquire it after some time. Never in his wildest dream had he thought that Joan would beat him to it. 
Why is it her? Clenching his fists, Dustin appeared troubled. 
He certainly didn’t want to put Joan in a tight spot. Nonetheless, in order to acquire the photography studio, he had put in a lot of effort. 
Meanwhile, in the photography studio, everybody was bustling about. From makeup to photography to gown selection, a lot was going on simultaneously, but everything was in order. 
Ever since Joan executed her plans, everything went on smoothly. 
“Joan?” Out of the blue, a dashing man showed up in front of everyone. 
“Who’s that? He’s so good-looking.” 
“Yeah, he is. I think he’s here for Ms. Watts.” 
“Who is he to her?”
The moment the female staff saw him, they chattered among themselves. 
Hearing Dustin’s voice vaguely, Joan stepped out of her office right away.
###Chapter 2571
Chapter 2571 
“Why are you here? Are you feeling better now?” Joan asked with concern. 
“I’m doing great. I heard that you opened a photography studio, so I came to check it out,” Dustin said. 
“I didn’t open it, but took over this business from someone else,” she explained with embarrassment. 
“Can you cope with the work alone?” he asked. 
“What are you talking about? Aren’t we with her?” a photographer yelled. 
“I have a team,” Joan swiftly comforted him. 
Yes, a team which is going to disband soon. Glancing around, Dustin found the place familiar, since everything remained unchanged. He had been here before, but the former owner looked down on him. 
“What brings you here?” Joan asked in bewilderment. 
“Nothing. It’s just that I’ve not seen you for a long while, so I’m here to see you,” he said while rubbing his hands together. 
Beside her, two women’s prying eyes landed on him. Noticing their reactions, Joan quickly ushered Dustin into her office. 
“I heard that something happened to the photography studio before.” 
“Yes, I’ve already lodged a police report, but the cops have yet to find out anything,” the woman replied. 
They’re definitely not going to find anything, because I’ve covered it up perfectly. 
“Joan, are you tired? If you don’t mind, I can come and help you out,” he asked tentatively.
“Not really, I’m not tired,” she answered lightly. I want nothing to do with this man. 
“What I mean is…” 
“Don’t worry, Dustin. I’m alright. Besides, Larry will give me a hand.” Joan interrupted him in mid- sentence. 
Great! She relies on Larry so much! 
The two chatted away idly, and the atmosphere was rather cringeworthy. 
“Okay. If you face any problem, you can call me. I’m quite knowledgeable about this,” the man said. 
“Okay,” she replied half-heartedly. 
In fact, Dustin himself knew full well that she would never ask for his help, no matter how severe her problem was. 
Finally, much to her relief, the man left the photography studio. 
“Ms. Watts, who’s that?” An assistant came over and asked inquisitively. 
“He’s a friend of mine,” she answered nonchalantly. 
“May I have his contact number?” the assistant asked bashfully, with her head bowed. 
Joan lifted her head and said with a smile. “Of course. I wish you success.” 
After leaving the photography studio, Dustin lingered in a corner nearby in a dilemma, devising a meticulous scheme. Nonetheless, it seemed like he couldn’t bear to do it. 
“What would you like to do?” a ferocious-looking fellow beside him asked.
Standing on a stony pathway, he hesitated silently for a long time. 
Sometimes, he couldn’t do things as he pleased, especially when his beloved woman was involved. 
Finally, Dustin spoke, “Put everything on hold first.” 
“Mr. Silverman, if you wait any longer, the photography studio might never be yours,” the man urged. 
“Previously, its business stopped growing, but a woman named Joan Watts took over it, and the photography studio is flourishing. If we do nothing about it, I’m afraid…” the man continued reminding him. 
As a man, he was supposed to focus on his career. Yet, he cared more about Joan. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have returned from overseas. 
“You may go now. I’ll contact you again.” Dustin took out a cigarette. 
Previously, between his career and love, Dustin would’ve chosen the latter without a second thought. But now he needed to mull things over before deciding. 
If he chose his career, he would lose Joan. However, if he decided to support her, not only would he lose his career, but he might never win her heart too.
###Chapter 2572
Chapter 2572 
Dustin knew that it was a very realistic problem, just that he could not deal with it with an iron fist. 
At home, he was engaged in a pensive mood and did not realize the door was being opened. Suddenly, a woman’s voice startled him. “Dustin, between women and career, which one would you choose?” 
He turned to the direction of the familiar voice. When did she return? 
“What’s wrong? Are you very surprised to see me?” Abelyn approached him 
“You…” he pointed at her and stammered. 
“Forget about when I came back and cut to the chase. I’m asking you, between the photography studio and Joan, which one would you choose?” she asked him directly. 
Dustin loved Joan as much as he desired the photography studio. He turned to look out the window and spaced out. 
“All right, I’ve got my answer.” Abelyn walked over and sat on the sofa. 
“Let’s drop that topic. Why are you back?” Dustin attempted to change the subject. 
“I won’t be leaving anymore. This time, I’ll stay here permanently,” she answered casually. 
“Have you decided?” he queried. 
“Yes, I’ve arranged everything, including shifting the company headquarters back to the country.” 
Finally, she’s back. Staring at the woman before him, Dustin felt sorry for her.
He knew how much that woman had suffered. Had she not been utterly disappointed, she would not have returned so easily. 
“What about him?” 
“Dead,” she gave a short reply while exuding a disquieting aura. 
He fell silent and subsequently headed to the kitchen. 
“You can cook?” the astounded woman asked from the living room. 
“Only when you’re here,” the man answered. 
Abelyn was Dustin’s best friend since college. They used to discuss all academics matters together and were seen by other classmates as the two top students. Even though they spent a lot of time together, no one had ever crossed the friendship line. This was because Dustin had never viewed Abelyn as a woman. Likewise, Abelyn had never seen him as a man. 
“What would you like to eat? Braised eggplant?” 
“Aww… you still remember my favorite.” She smiled while walking toward the kitchen. 
Both of them chatted freely while preparing dinner. 
“So many years have passed, it’s time for you to let go,” Abelyn said it on purpose at the dining table. 
“But I can’t,” Dustin replied while digging in. 
Indeed, it’s easier said than done. She empathized with him. 
“What are your plans after returning? Are you staying in the hotel?” he lifted his head and asked.
“Well, I have you. Why? Am I not welcome?” she teased. 
Pfft! 
Dustin spat out a mouthful of rice and some even got onto the hair of the woman sitting opposite him. 
“What on earth are you thinking? I’m a bachelor. If you were to stay here, people will misunderstand,” he protested. 
“Let them be. Why should I care about what other people think?” she mumbled as she stared at him. 
Cut the crap, he’s only worried that Joan would misunderstand. 
“Or else you can help me look for accommodation,” she suggested out of the blue. 
This isn’t a bad idea. Hence, Dustin started helping Abelyn to look for a place to stay. 
Under Joan’s leadership, the business of the photography studio improved tremendously. Its development was on the right track and they started getting more and more customers. 
“Ms. Watts, our company is turning a profit.” 
“That’s right! Ms. Watts, let’s celebrate tonight.” 
A few of them started chattering around Joan. The latter agreed that it was about time to treat all the staff. 
“Attention please, everybody. Tonight, we shall organize a gathering. It’s my treat, so please eat to your hearts’ content and have fun!” Joan declared loudly. 
Instantly, everyone cheered happily, sending the entire photography studio into a frenzy.
###Chapter 2573
Chapter 2573 
“Huh? Aren’t you going, Ms. Watts?” a staff asked disappointedly. 
“I still have some pending work to complete, so I won’t be able to join you guys,” Joan answered softly. 
“All of you must enjoy yourselves to the fullest! This is an order and also a task,” she added. Then, she left with a pile of documents. 
The same evening, she had to meet an important client who had just returned from abroad. If the collaboration deal was confirmed, it would help bring the photography studio to the next level. 
Soon, the sun set. Most staff had already left, except for Joan, who was still typing away on her laptop in the office. 
Right then, her phone rang. As soon as she read the text message, she grabbed her jacket and headed out. 
“You’re Joan Watts?” Abelyn asked while stirring her cup of coffee. 
“Yes, I’m Joan, the owner of the photography studio. Nice to meet you.” She extended her right hand. 
Unfortunately, Abelyn did not shake her hand. 
Embarrassed, Joan withdrew her hand and gave her a wry smile. 
“How’s the business at your studio?” the woman asked. 
“So far so good,” Joan replied. 
For some reason, Joan felt that the woman had a hidden agenda.
“I’d like to have my photo taken tomorrow,” the woman presented her request. 
As expected, big clients don’t beat around the bush. 
However, Joan did not know that the woman’s name was Abelyn Chipman; neither was she aware that Abelyn was Dustin’s best friend. 
“If everything goes well, I’ll introduce you to more customers,” Abelyn looked her in the eyes and said with a serious face. 
“Great! Rest assured that we won’t let you down.” Joan was resolute. 
She had full confidence in the skills of her photographers at the studio. 
After a brief chat, Abelyn found Joan to be an easy-going woman whereas Joan felt that Abelyn was a mysterious and unpredictable individual. 
Since Dustin couldn’t bring himself to deal with Joan, I shall take care of it on his behalf. Abelyn pinched her thigh to remind herself not to fall for that woman’s charm. 
At that moment, she was able to identify with Dustin. Perhaps, he likes how composed and calm she is, just like a well-grown lotus. 
“It’s a date then. I’ll go over tomorrow morning…” 
With that, they made a deal for their first collaboration. 
Thereafter, Joan wanted to join her staff at the gathering. However, she changed her mind after checking the time on her watch. 
“I thought you had an outing?” Delilah asked.
“No, I went to meet a client,” Joan uttered as she slumped on the sofa. 
“Dustin dropped by just now to look for you,” Delilah informed her. 
“Whatever for?” 
“I’m not sure, but it doesn’t seem urgent,” Delilah answered. 
“That’s a good one, Ms. Chipman. All right, say cheese… Excellent!” 
“Come over and adjust the camera lower.” 
At the studio, the photographer was busy taking Abelyn’s photos. 
“Who’s that woman? Ms. Watts seems to value her greatly.” 
“I don’t know, but she’s a big client, for sure.” 
The sexy and attractive woman had successfully piqued the interest of a few staff who were gossiping at the studio. 
“What are you guys up to? Engaging in tittle-tattles?” Joan approached them and patted their shoulders. 
“Ms. Watts, this document needs your signature,” one of the staff quickly changed the subject. 
After a long while, Abelyn commanded the shooting to a halt due to her exhaustion. She then strode into Joan’s office, without considering herself as an outsider. 
“How was it? Are you satisfied so far?” Joan stood up and welcomed her. 
“It’s not bad,” Abelyn scanned her surroundings and then replied.
Joan’s ordinary office looked just like her staff’s working space; there were no fancy decors. Looks like Joan isn’t as sophisticated as I thought, after all.
###Chapter 2574
Chapter 2574 
“How do you cope with such a large-scale photography studio single-handedly? Must be tough I presume?” Abelyn was curious. 
It’s exceptionally challenging. Joan smiled politely. Admittedly, she wanted to give up at the initial stage when she first took over its operations. In fact, she wanted to sell it off and dismiss the entire team. In the end, she persevered through the challenges because of the faith her staff had in her. How the photography studio could develop according to plans within a short span of time was beyond her expectation. 
“Thanks to my team of staff. As long as they’re with me, I have no fear,” Joan replied briefly. 
Truth be told that her team was the motivation that fueled her persistence. She was reluctant to give up on a group of passionate and ambitious talents. She could never bear to see their disappointed expressions. 
Abelyn was stunned as she glanced over the woman in front of her. 
I’ve only heard about how passively submissive Joan was, but I wasn’t aware that she’s actually a career-minded person who values relationships. 
Well, it goes to show that we can’t trust all the rumors we hear. 
Abelyn strongly believed that Dustin had made a lot of sacrifices for that woman. 
“Is there anything wrong, Ms. Chipman?” Joan muttered. 
“Oh, nothing, everything’s fine.” Abelyn quickly collected herself.
She contemplated. On one hand, she felt sorry for Dustin and wanted to acquire the studio for him. On the other hand, she found Joan to be a decent person with a pleasant personality. 
At Dustin’s house, he questioned Abelyn loudly, “What did you just say? You went to the photography studio? What did you do there?” 
“Why are you so worked up? I didn’t do anything to Joan,” Abelyn replied. 
He’s so worried because he has a soft spot for Joan. 
“Didn’t I say it before that I can handle my own matters and I don’t need you meddling in my business?” he reiterated his position. 
“I didn’t meddle in your affairs.” 
“Then, what are you planning to do exactly?” he interrogated her. 
“I want to acquire the photography studio,” she said calmly. 
Dustin was dumbstruck by her statement. 
Abelyn’s thought process was very simple. She merely wanted him to focus on his career. Whatever that he could not achieve, she would do it for his sake. 
Although Dustin understood Abelyn’s perspective, the thought still did not sit well with him. 
“Whatever it is, the photography studio belongs to either you or me.” Abelyn sipped her tea. 
She’s simply unreasonable! Enraged, Dustin left the living room. 
People need a push to go the distance, otherwise others will never know how great they can be. Take Dustin for example, he became so reserved and even gave up on multiple opportunities to upgrade
himself because of Joan. In the end, he’s got nothing. 
Abelyn wanted to prove a point to Dustin, that love was not the only thing of great importance in life. There were other things that should take priority such as having a prospective career. 
“Ms. Watts, I think we need to be more careful,” Faye urged. 
“What do you have in mind?” Joan asked. 
“This is our first time working with Ms. Chipman. I think that we don’t need to rush into a subsequent deal with her. Moreover, we need to get to know her a little bit more…” 
Faye said a lot to convince Joan earnestly, but Joan was very reluctant to give up on such a big client. 
“She can bring us many businesses,” she reminded her assistant. 
“Precisely the reason why we should find out more about her, no?” 
“Here, I have her information. You can take a look,” Joan gave a casual reply. 
“Ms. Watts, those are information from the Internet…” 
Ding! Ding! Ding! 
Suddenly, Joan’s phone rang. It was Larry. 
“Where are you?” Larry asked. 
“At the photography studio.” 
Glancing at Joan who was on the phone, Faye sighed while exiting the office. I pray and hope that Abelyn is nothing more than a regular client.
Watching Faye’s leaving back, Joan turned her head sideways and continued talking on the phone.
###Chapter 2575
Chapter 2575 
Abelyn visited the photography studio as scheduled to see her photos. 
“Not bad. Your photographers are pretty good,” Abelyn complimented while reviewing her photos on the sofa. 
Joan chimed in, “Indeed, our photographers are all very professional.” 
I guess you didn’t really take a look at these pictures, did you, Joan? Abelyn scorned in her heart. 
Joan was not aware that the photographer who took Abelyn’s photos was just an apprentice, who did not possess any exceptional skills nor techniques, but merely knew some photography theories. 
Apparently, Abelyn had it all planned, including the outcome of the photos. 
“Please help my friend to take good portraits too.” Abelyn got up, ready to leave. 
Cheers to another successful collaboration! Joan was over the moon. 
“All right, we’ll keep in touch,” she answered excitedly. 
“What are these that you’ve taken? Look, this angle is obviously bad.” 
Outside the office, the supervisor was going ballistic at a photographer. 
“What’s wrong?” Joan approached them to find out what happened as soon as she sent Abelyn off. 
“The supervisor is furious that the photographer messed up the photos,” a young girl updated her. 
“Ms. Watts, we can’t show the client this photo. This is definitely not on par with our studio standards.” The supervisor rose to his feet; his attitude was unswerving.
Joan was stunned when she picked up the photos from the table. 
Isn’t this Abelyn’s portrait? Gradually, her expression dimmed. 
“This picture…?” Joan said hesitantly. 
It was one of Abelyn’s photos which was left behind. 
“This photo is terrible…” 
The supervisor’s remark came as a bolt from the blue and it shocked Joan to the core. 
“Ms. Watts, this was requested by Ms. Chipman,” the photographer hurriedly clarified. 
Instantly, Joan had a bad hunch. 
“Are you sure?” She was dubious. 
“Affirmative,” the staff replied confidently. 
“Ms. Watts, your phone is ringing!” Faye shouted across the office. 
“We’ll come back to this matter.” With that, she dashed into her office. 
“Joan, my friends are on their way. I thank you in advance for the hard work,” Abelyn said courteously. 
Before Joan could respond, she hung up. Staring at her phone, Joan started to feel anxious. A sense of trepidation crept up on her. 
“Ms. Watts, friends of Ms. Chipman are here!” a staff announced loudly at the office lobby. 
“Coming!” Joan replied as she headed out of her office.
Five seemingly polite individuals stood in a straight line and greeted her at the lobby. 
“Hello, Ms. Watts!” 
“Hi!” Joan welcomed them. 
The group then entered her office. They had a brief time getting to know each other. Meanwhile, Faye was observing them suspiciously outside of the office. 
“Something tells me that the five of them aren’t nice people,” a young girl whispered to Faye. 
The latter flashed her a thumbs-up without saying anything. 
They seemed to be enjoying their conversations. It was Joan’s remit to entertain them. 
“I’m so sorry that we can’t have your photos taken today because our photographers are all busy with off-site duties,” Joan made up an excuse and apologized to Abelyn’s friends. 
“That’s all right, we can have him do it for us,” a woman said, pointing at the photographer outside. 
Joan shuddered subconsciously as she looked in the direction where she had pointed. That’s the one who captured Abelyn’s pictures! 
“That photographer is actually an apprentice at our studio. His skills are comparatively average, so…” 
“It doesn’t matter, Abelyn said that she trusts that photographer a lot,” that woman said openly. 
Seems like I don’t have a choice this time.
###Chapter 2576
Chapter 2576 
After pondering, Joan could only remind the photographer to be extremely careful and thorough. 
The matter became rather complicated. If Joan refused their request, she would have indirectly offended Abelyn and gave her clients the impression that the staff at the studio cheated. On the contrary, if she accepted the task, it might also lead to other adverse consequences. After contemplating, Joan decided to go with the latter as it appeared to have a higher possibility for rectification. 
“You must be extra careful, got it? Our reputation is at stake.” Joan patted the photographer on the shoulder. 
“Don’t worry, Ms. Watts,” he replied. 
However, Joan was not at ease for some reason. 
The clients interchanged various poses while the photographer carried out his task professionally. Joan remained outside the studio and monitored their every move closely, just in case something untoward would happen. 
“Go take a rest, Ms. Watts, I’ll keep an eye on them,” Faye insisted. 
“It’s okay.” Joan waved her hand to signal that it was not necessary. 
After what seemed like forever, the shooting had finally ended and the group left the place. 
“How was it? Show me the pictures, quick.” Joan hurried over and stared at the screen.
Phew, thank God there wasn’t much issue. This photographer isn’t as bad as I think he is, he’s just new and inexperienced. 
“Hmm… Not bad, at least much better than the last shoot,” the supervisor said with a smug. 
“Thank you.” 
The supervisor was the most picky person at the studio. She was a perfectionist who could not tolerate the slightest imperfection. Upon hearing her compliments, Joan heaved a sigh of relief, thinking the work done had passed the required expectation. 
“Are they really okay?” Joan wanted to get another confirmation. 
“Yup, it’s fine. Don’t worry, Ms. Watts, he’s done well this time,” the supervisor assured Joan. 
That’s great! Joan felt as if a burden off her shoulders. 
Everyone thought that there would be no hiccups as long as the photographer had snapped some good pictures. It never crossed their mind that some things could be controlled without their knowledge. 
The next day… 
“Ms. Watts, hurry up and read the news!” 
“Calm down, what is it?” Joan was typing away on her computer. 
“Go read the newspaper now!” Faye repeated. The situation was too urgent for her to care about hierarchy and courtesy. 
Joan picked up the newspaper on her desk and skimmed through the pages. Suddenly, a catchy headline caught her attention.
Staff at a photography studio collectively defraud clients… 
Joan was flabbergasted. 
Since when did we become scammers? Lifting her head, she stared at Faye, completely baffled. 
“This was reported by the few clients who came here the other day. Their video clips have also gone viral on the Internet,” informed Faye as she passed her phone to Joan. 
“Yes, their photography skills are horrible and how dare they charged us for a remarkably high price!” 
“They are a bunch of fraudsters!” 
In the video clip, each of Abelyn’s friends was very worked up and they spoke with hatred against all staff at the studio. 
“Ms. Watts, I think it’s better you give Ms. Chipman a call,” reminded Faye. 
Without further ado, Joan whipped her phone out and made the dreaded call. 
“Sorry, the number you’ve dialed is unavailable…” 
At that instance, Joan froze on the sofa with a blank face. 
“What should we do now, Ms. Watts?” 
“I don’t know,” she answered helplessly. 
Faye had tried to contact the clients beforehand but none of them picked up any of her calls. In fact, she found out that the addresses written in their records were all fake. 
This isn’t a matter about money, but integrity!
If we lose our credibility as a photography studio, it will be a big problem for us to survive in this industry. We’ll only face more difficulties and challenges ahead.
###Chapter 2577
Chapter 2577 
Faye could only imagine how dejected Joan felt, at the sight of her sorrowful expression. Without saying a word, she left the office quietly. 
“Larry, have you seen the news? Joan’s photography studio is in trouble,” Caspian exclaimed. 
“What happened?” Larry asked, with his head bowed. 
“It says something about appalling shooting skills and techniques. It also mentions how the photography studio scams its customers…” Caspian recapped the highlights as he read through the news on his phone. 
Hearing Caspian describing the awful reviews published, Larry lifted his head, letting out a frosty glare. 
He had always thought that the business at the photography studio was bad because they only had a handful of clients. He never expected Joan to be framed for fraudulence. 
“When did it happen?” Larry asked. 
“It was reported yesterday afternoon,” Caspian answered. 
Picking up his phone, Larry darted out of his office. 
She must be devastated… Larry rushed into his car and sped off in the direction of Joan’s studio. 
“Investigate the case further, especially the few individuals in the video clip,” he commanded coldly over the phone. 
“Duly noted!” Caspian obeyed right away.
Both of them tacitly presumed that somebody had orchestrated the whole incident. 
Damn it! Who could it be? Larry clenched his fist and hit it hard on the steering wheel. 
“Fraudsters! Close down your business!” 
“A scammer boss with no integrity! You should go to hell!” 
There was a dreadful commotion outside the photography studio, with a gang of people protesting loudly with written displays. 
“What should we do now, Ms. Watts?” Faye had ants in her pants. 
Joan was clueless. She had never encountered such a horrifying experience and was not sure how to resolve the mess. 
Bang! 
The glass at the entrance shattered into a thousand pieces. 
Someone cast a stone at the window, causing a chaotic tumult. 
“Ouch!” 
Suddenly, a staff shouted helplessly from the office lobby, holding his bleeding head. 
“What happened?” Joan queried. 
“Ms. Watts, there will be more casualties if the situation goes beyond control,” a photographer ran to her and warned. 
“Yes, let’s call the police!” Faye suggested.
Joan’s heart sank as she watched the crowd gloat and cheered sarcastically. 
“Don’t call the police yet, let me go explain to them personally.” Just as she spoke, she walked out of the office. 
“No, Ms. Watts, you can’t go out now, it’s too dangerous!” the photographer trailed behind her and cautioned. 
Indeed, the entrance was congested. Standing in the middle of the office lobby, Joan hesitated. In the end, she made a decision to bite the bullet and face the crowd. 
“Please be silent. I’m the person in charge of this photography studio. Things are not as what you’ve perceived,” Joan declared while waving her hands at the crowd, but no one was willing to listen to her. 
“Did you hear that? She said she’s the person-in-charge of the photography studio.” 
“That’s right! Listen to me, this woman is the boss. She’s the one to blame!” 
“Oh, everyone, look! That’s the boss!” 
In an instant, a few women took some vegetables and raw eggs from their baskets and threw them at Joan. 
“Ah…” Joan tried to stop them desperately but to no avail. She wanted to retreat, only to realize that others had blocked her way from behind. 
“B***h! Liar!” 
One after another, they threw eggs at her. As a result, Joan landed herself in a disheveled state. 
“Stop right there!”
Suddenly, a commanding male voice rang out. 
His tone was so domineering and intimidating that everyone stopped their demeaning actions and fixed their eyes on the man who came running toward Joan. 
“Are you all right?” Jake asked while giving Joan a comforting hug. 
“I’m fine.” She shook her head. 
“Hurry up and come inside, Ms. Watts!” Faye assisted her into the lobby. 
“All of you are creating a scene!” Jake grimaced and bellowed.
###Chapter 2578
Chapter 2578 
“They deceived us first!” a man yelled at the entrance. 
“If you said so, where’s your evidence? Have you taken your photos at this studio? I dare say that you’re not even worthy to have your portraits taken at other low-ranked studios!” Jake mocked them. 
He had a point! None of those who were causing a rumpus were actually the customers of Joan’s photography studio. Obviously, they were hired by a mastermind to put up a show. 
“Mind your own business, you’ve got nothing to do with this photography studio!” a woman yelled. 
“No doubt I’m not the owner, I can’t tolerate how you’re creating something out of nothing!” Jake folded his arms and stated firmly. 
He’s as stubborn as a mule! The crowd was getting impatient with Jake. They were displeased to see him trying to defend Joan. 
“I suggest you stay out of this, man. Otherwise, you’re gonna get it,” a man advised Jake. 
“It’s best you find out who am I first, or risk dying a horrible death,” Jake taunted. 
The crowd instinctively backed away. A fearful expression settled upon their faces. 
“Who’s this arrogant man?” 
“I don’t know either. I don’t recognize him and he doesn’t look local.” 
“Is he filthy rich?” 
The people at the back murmured, starting to speculate Jake’s identity.
Looking at their terrifying expressions, Jake became even more certain that they were just a group of scaredy-cats who picked and chose who to bully. With that, he straightened his back and tilted his chin up. 
“What’s your name?” someone in their midst asked. 
“I’m Jake Wilson,” he answered loud and clear. 
Within moments, Jake’s name filled the search columns on all of their phones. 
“Seriously? He’s one of the rich and famous.” 
“The sole heir of a president of a large domestic company!” 
“He studied abroad and established his own foundation.” 
The girls in the crowd gawked at Jake, adoring him with a twinkle in their eyes. 
“Let’s go, we can’t mess with this guy.” 
“True. Dealing with a force to be reckoned with is a bad idea, we shouldn’t offend him.” 
Soon, the crowd dispersed. 
“Mr. Wilson, can I have your contact number?” a young and beautiful girl came up to Jake and asked bashfully. 
“No!” he roared after shooting her a silent glare. 
That girl watched him strode into the premises as sorrow fitted across her face. 
“It’s okay now, don’t worry. They have all left,” Jake consoled Joan while patting her back.
“Thank you,” Joan uttered softly and then let out a cough. 
“Did you catch a cold?” He placed his right palm on her forehead. 
“No,” Joan answered. 
Her eyes turned bleary and she felt super sleepy all of a sudden. 
Shortly after, she collapsed to the ground. 
“Joan! Wake up!” 
“Ms. Watts!” 
When she regained her consciousness, she found herself on the hospital bed. Jake was sitting on the sofa, looking tired. 
“You’re up? Are you thirsty? Hungry?” He was concerned. 
Joan did not say a word but merely shook her head. 
“Have they all left?” she asked. 
“Yes, rest assured that they have all scurried away,” Jake replied her gently while brushing her hair on her forehead. 
Right then, Larry walked into the ward and caught Jake’s action. 
“Feeling better?” Larry asked indifferently as he approached the bed. 
All of his worries and anxiousness were replaced with hostility the moment he saw that scene. His heart sank and his blood ran cold.
###Chapter 2579
Chapter 2579 
“Larry, you’re here!” Joan said weakly, with a glint of joy in her eyes. 
Immediately, Larry’s attention was drawn to the man in front of him. “Why are you here?” 
“I passed by the photography studio and saw someone causing trouble, so I went in and checked it out. I didn’t expect anything like that.” Jake shrugged his shoulders. 
Then, Larry approached Joan with an anxious look. “Are you alright?” 
“I’m fine!” She flashed him a reassuring smile. 
Larry continued to ask her, “Who did that?” 
Joan shook her head helplessly. 
Looking at the sweet couple before him, Jake felt a prick of sadness and walked out of the ward quietly. 
After he left, Larry reconfirmed, “Is it true that Jake happened to pass by?” 
“I don’t know, but I guess so!” Joan replied calmly. 
Still, he suspected something was amiss. 
They chatted for a while and changed their topic of conversation. 
Larry tucked Joan in and showed concern for her wellbeing. At that moment, she was touched by his warm and caring act. 
In fact, Joan was not an ambitious woman, nor was she keen to attain a remarkable achievement. She took over the photography studio in order to avoid the unfair dismissal of the staff for some inexplicable
reason. 
He then asked, holding her hand tightly, “So… What’s your plan? Are you going to carry on or give up?” 
“Larry, I don’t want to give up!” Joan replied without hesitation. 
That’s my girl! 
“Great! No matter what your decision is, I’ll support you!” Larry gave her an encouraging smile. 
Meanwhile, there were still a few people making trouble at the entrance of the photography studio. They kept clamoring and demanded Joan to deal with them personally. 
“Joan Watts! You’d better f*cking come out! This is all your fault!” 
“Yeah, you must take full responsibility!” 
Several employees paced back and forth anxiously in the studio’s lobby, unsure of what to do. 
Suddenly, one of the employees said, “You’re the assistant! You’d better inform Ms. Watts of the situation! Otherwise, what should we do?” 
The assistant replied, “Ms. Watts is still in the hospital. We shouldn’t disturb her.” 
Immediately, another employee shouted, “Then what are we supposed to do? Are we going to be stuck here forever?” 
Facing those irritated and impatient faces, the assistant started panicking. 
“Please wait for a while! Perhaps they will leave soon!” Joan’s assistant tried to pacify the staff while pointing at the troublemakers outside of the entrance.
“Damn it!” 
“Sigh! I just joined this studio, and such a thing happened!” 
Although everyone was complaining, the assistant knew very well that they would not simply quit their job. 
Suddenly, a man shouted at the entrance, “Get lost!” 
Right away, everyone was stunned. 
It’s him again! That man entered the studio and walked toward them slowly. Upon seeing that, the assistant’s face broke into a grin unconsciously. 
It was Jake. He approached the staff and told them, “All of you can leave now!” 
They glanced at the entrance before glancing back at Jake, with curiosity and nosiness gleamed in their eyes. 
Then, a timid girl asked softly, “Um… will they jump out at us?” 
He turned to look at her and tried to reassure her. “Don’t worry! They’ve left!” 
After that, the staff exchanged glances and nodded in agreement. They packed up their stuff and prepared to leave. 
Before leaving, one of the employees asked the assistant, “By the way, which hospital was Ms. Watts admitted to? Let’s visit her!” 
Jake was gratified to hear that. I knew it! They still have Joan on their mind!
“Thank you so much!” The assistant smiled at him. 
Jake responded, “It’s nothing! Oh, you haven’t left?” 
“No, I still have work to do!” Joan’s assistant replied.
###Chapter 2580
Chapter 2580 
Jake asked with a puzzled look, “Aren’t you afraid that those people will come and cause trouble again?” 
“What’s there to be afraid of?” Faye replied calmly, tossing him a bold look. 
In fact, she was trying to conceal her timidity, although she sounded as if she was not afraid of anything. After all, she was a woman. 
Nevertheless, Jake was surprised at her statement. 
Normally, the staff would have hidden away if they encountered such a situation, but this assistant was very brave about the whole thing. 
Still, he said directly, “Let’s go! I’ll send you home!” 
“I’m sorry! I haven’t finished my work!” With that, she went upstairs. 
Looking at the petite figure, Jake smiled unconsciously. I like her style, man! 
Meanwhile, the corridor in the hospital was empty as everyone was resting. There was pin-drop silence in the ward. Joan had already turned off the lights, lying on the bed with her eyes closed. She looked haggard. On the other hand, Larry was busy working overtime in the office. 
Squeak! Suddenly, the door of the ward opened. 
Immediately, Joan turned around and cracked her eyes, looking at the person approaching her slowly. 
Who’s that? Could it be Larry? The glaring light blurred her vision, so she blocked it with her hand.
“Joan!” That man called her. 
This is not Larry’s voice! 
He then continued, “Are you alright?” 
Finally, Joan saw his face and shouted, “Hey, Dustin! Stop playing around! Are you trying to scare me?” 
“Why aren’t you afraid?” Dustin asked with a slightly disappointed look. 
She glared at him without saying a word. What’s there to be afraid of? This is a hospital and not a slaughterhouse! 
He smiled and said, “I just heard that you had an accident, so I rushed over immediately!” 
In fact, Dustin went abroad a few days ago, so obviously he did not know Abelyn had carried out her plan. 
Joan took a sip of water and responded, “Don’t worry! I’m still alive!” 
“Did you find out who was behind the whole plot?” Dustin asked tentatively. 
He did not want Joan to know the truth, even though he assumed Abelyn was the mastermind. After all, the latter was his close friend and did that for him. 
“I have no idea, but I’ve made a police report. This is more complicated than I thought,” Joan replied impassively. 
She then looked curiously at him and continued, “Well, let’s talk about something else! Where have you been lately? Why do you look so tired?”
“I went abroad to inspect a project.” 
Dustin continued nonchalantly, “By the way, are you sure you want to continue running the photography studio? Why don’t you hand over the studio to me? I’ll manage it for you!” 
Upon hearing that, Joan pondered his suggestion. Actually, it’s not a bad idea to hand over the studio to him. After all, he is more experienced than me, but he may dismiss the current staff after taking over the studio. 
“If you don’t dismiss…” 
“That’s impossible!” Dustin interrupted her before she could finish her words. 
He then added, “I need an elite team instead of an unorganized and undisciplined group of people!” 
Unfortunately, Joan did not see eye to eye with him on that issue, and their discussion ended in a quarrel. That was the first time they quarreled, and it was also the first time she was utterly disappointed in him. 
“Joan, you know you can’t manage the studio well and there is a problem with the staff! Why do you insist on retaining them?” Finally, Dustin could not help but shout at her. 
“Firstly, I don’t have experience in management, but I can learn. Secondly, I admit that some of the staff are not up to par yet, but they have been working hard and making contributions to the company. I believe they will succeed one day!” Joan said stubbornly.
###Chapter 2581
Chapter 2581 
Sigh! She’s hopeless! I’m trying to save her, but she stands firm in her view! Thinking about that, Dustin grew anxious. 
“Well, this problem will persist, so I advise you to give up!” He tried to calm himself down. 
“I will never give up!” Joan responded loudly and turned away. 
Dustin was rendered speechless and walked out of the ward immediately, feeling down. 
He left the hospital and looked up at the pitch-black sky. A few stars surrounded the lonely crescent. It gave him the feeling of desolate loneliness. While walking down the street, Dustin lowered his head and kicked the stone on the ground. 
She still doesn’t trust me! Oh well, forget it and let her be! 
Initially, he was interested to acquire the photography studio, but he gave up that idea after he learned that Joan took over the studio. Unfortunately, Abelyn got involved in the plan, and Dustin began to panic. 
This woman will go all out to achieve her goal. Since she treats Joan like an enemy, she will definitely carry on with her plan to acquire the studio. Thinking about that, Dustin was distressed. 
As soon as he stepped into his living room, Abelyn approached him. “What’s wrong? Feeling sad?” 
“Don’t touch me!” Dustin shouted. 
Huh, why did he lose his temper? Was it because of Joan? She sat next to him, looking at his expression and making a guess.
After a while, Dustin finally spoke. “Abelyn, can you just quit? Don’t get involved in my affairs!” 
Suddenly, his anger turned to pleading. 
What? I don’t think so! This is a competition! Whoever has the ability can own that photography studio! It is natural and just for the strong to dominate the weak. The same should apply to business. 
“No way!” Abelyn replied without hesitation. 
“Dustin! Seriously, you choose love over your career? Is it worth it? Oh well, I won’t give up even if you don’t want to continue with the plan!” Then, she picked up a piece of apple and put it into her mouth with an indifferent look. 
In fact, she had a point, but Dustin did not want his close friend to go against his beloved woman. 
Abelyn continued, “You’ve got nothing to do with this incident, so stay out of it!” 
“You were behind the studio incident, weren’t you?” Dustin questioned her. 
“Yeah! So what? This is just the beginning, and the best is yet to come!” Abelyn replied nonchalantly and admitted it unhesitatingly. 
“What exactly do you want? Why can’t you just let Joan go?” 
“Dustin, this matter is between Joan and me. It has nothing to do with you!” With that, Abelyn went upstairs. 
Sigh! Why is he so anxious? Joan has yet to say anything or take any action! Her lip curled in disgust, and she slammed the door.
Meanwhile, Joan was recovering, and Jake had helped her to chase away those troublemakers at the entrance of the photography studio. 
She was still lying on the hospital bed. “Jake, thank you!” 
“It’s nothing! You should get some rest! Don’t think too much! By the way, you have a great assistant. She has handled a lot of things for you.” 
Joan noticed Jake smiled unconsciously when he complimented her assistant. 
Haha! He must have fallen for her! She took a sip of tea and carefully observed his expression. 
Then, Joan purposely said, “Well, my assistant is pretty, capable, and has a good personality. She is outstanding in all aspects!” 
What is she trying to say? Jake raised his head and looked at Joan in confusion.
###Chapter 2582
Chapter 2582 
“Are you having a crush on her?” Joan poked Jake in his arm and asked inquisitively. 
He immediately responded, “What are you talking about? That’s impossible! We just met. Don’t talk nonsense!” 
I could so feel my face burn up, probably blushing! 
Oh Gosh! Did I fall for her? 
No, that’s impossible! I’ve fallen for Joan! With that, Jake shook his head vigorously, trying to clear his mind. 
“Don’t deny it! After all, the onlooker sees most of the game!” Joan deliberately stretched her voice. 
Knowing that Jake had fallen for someone, she felt a sudden flare of joy. It was not because he would no longer pester her, but because he finally understood the meaning of love. 
Jake was an heir to a wealthy family and the president of a corporation. He was handsome, kind- hearted, gentle, and decisive. However, he had never been in love and did not understand what love was. This man had been pestering Joan just because she helped him up from the ground in the hospital before. He misunderstood the real nature of love. 
Instead, Joan knew Jake had confused love and friendship. His feelings toward her were nothing more than friendship. Hence, she was happy for him upon knowing that he had a crush on her assistant. 
“Joan, you’re the one I love!” Jake looked seriously at her.
“Jake, you just need some time. As to who did you fall for, only time will tell!” Joan replied in all seriousness. 
Upon hearing that, a confused expression crossed his face. 
She then continued, “Well, my assistant should be very busy lately. Please help her out if you’re free!” 
“Okay!” Jake replied without hesitation. 
They chatted for a while before he left the ward. 
Jake did not go home, nor did he return to his office. He raised his head and glanced at the dark night sky. Suddenly, he turned the steering wheel, heading to the photography studio. 
Meanwhile, Joan was standing on the balcony. She smiled as she watched his car leaving the hospital. 
Eventually, Joan made full recovery and was discharged from the hospital. With the help of Larry and Jake, the photography studio incident finally ended. 
However, Joan did not expect Abelyn to continue with her plan. 
“Joan, why don’t you sell the photography studio?” Delilah suggested. 
Joan was upset and retorted, “Ms. Young, what do you mean? I won’t sell the studio!” 
Delilah was busy in the kitchen and frowned after hearing her words. 
In fact, she was worried about Joan. I just don’t want her to get hurt! 
“Then, what are you going to do? Do you plan to continue running the business? But… how would you deal with the current problems?” Delilah reminded her.
Sigh! How am I going to solve this tricky problem? At first, Joan planned to look for those troublemakers personally in order to resolve the matter. Unfortunately, they were Abelyn’s friends and had gone missing. 
It was a vain attempt to locate them. 
“Have you found those people?” Larry asked softly while sitting next to Joan. 
“Nope!” She sounded rather helpless. 
“Let me help you…” 
“No! I’ll settle it by myself!” Joan turned him down right away. 
Delilah looked at them and sighed with disappointment. She then turned and left without saying a word. 
While tidying up her closet, Delilah shook her head helplessly as she thought about the two. They must be quarreling! 
Being young is great! At least, they have the energy to fight! For an old woman like me, being alive is a kind of blessing. I couldn’t ask for more. 
It was true enough that Larry and Joan had an argument the day before. They were still seething with anger. 
The sudden appearance of Jake made Larry jealous. 
Huh, what a jerk! He doesn’t trust me! Joan was shoveling the peeled orange into her mouth with an exasperated expression.
###Chapter 2583
Chapter 2583 
“It’s getting late. Let’s go to bed!” Larry said. 
“I don’t want to!” Joan shouted and shot him a fierce glare. 
He was surprised by her outburst and was at a loss of words. 
Huh, I should be the one getting mad instead! My goodness! She saw herself as the aggrieved party. Larry kept staring at her. After a while, he wanted to break the silence, but he did not dare to say a word. 
Joan sensed his uneasiness and turned toward him. She met his gaze. “What are you doing?” 
“I’m waiting for you!” Larry replied impassively. 
“Why?” Joan retorted. 
He yawned and responded, “Let’s go to bed! I’m afraid that you will catch a cold if you fall asleep here.” 
Instantly, his words warmed her heart. 
Joan got up and fell into Larry’s arms, rubbing her head against his chest and acting cute like a baby. 
“Are you still mad at me?” She raised her head to look at him and pinched his cheek gently. 
“Joan Watts, you’re such a rascal! I’m mad, and you are supposed to pacify me, but why is it the other way round…” 
Before Larry finished his words, Joan stood on tiptoe and pressed a kiss on his sexy lips. 
“Is this compensation good enough?” She smiled shyly, blushing a little.
“It’s just not good enough!” Larry pulled her into a tight embrace. 
“Huh?” Joan’s eyes widened in surprise. 
“I want more!” With that, he carried her into the bedroom. 
Meanwhile, Delilah was in her bedroom and overheard their conversation. She could not help laughing. 
Youngsters are weird. Their relationship is an emotional rollercoaster. 
The next morning, Joan woke up early and rushed to the photography studio. 
They had restored the studio. The shattered glasses had been replaced, and the lobby had been cleaned up. None of the employees quit. 
“Ms. Watts, welcome back!” 
The staff split into two rows, standing in order, and gave her a warm welcome. 
“How are you?” Familiar faces hove into view, and Joan greeted them with a broad smile. 
Her assistant replied, “I’m fine!” 
A lady suddenly pointed at her head and said softly, “Ms. Watts, I’m injured and I can’t think clearly!” 
“I’m so sorry! This incident happened suddenly, and I… I was not ready…” Joan stammered. 
Immediately, the man next to that lady retorted, “Well, it was just a minor injury, and the wound had healed! Don’t make a fuss!” 
With that, silence filled the studio, and there was a moment of awkwardness.
When Joan was at a loss for words, that injured lady suddenly pulled the gauze off her head and shouted, “Tada! I’ve recovered!” 
“How dare you lie to us! Are you up to something?” 
“Are you trying to cheat us?” 
Instantly, the studio was buzzing with excitement. 
“Is everyone alright?” Joan asked her assistant while walking toward her office. 
“Ms. Watts, don’t worry! The staffs are loyal and warm-hearted. They won’t simply resign because of some accidents.” The assistant tried to reassure her. 
Upon hearing that, Joan was relieved. 
“By the way, Jake has been a great help recently!” The assistant lowered her head, and her cheeks blushed in embarrassment. 
Her expression revealed her feelings toward Jake. 
Joan noticed that and asked, “Did you fell for him?” 
Her assistant immediately denied, “Of course not!” 
“Look at you! Your cheeks are as red as a tomato!” Joan teased her. 
The assistant quickly touched her burning cheek and stepped back, feeling embarrassed.
###Chapter 2584
Chapter 2584 
“It’s no big deal. Be brave. Happiness might just be around the corner.” 
Faye pursed her lips, feeling a little inferior. 
Jake was the president of a big company. How could he possibly fancy her? 
After reporting her most recent work to Joan, Faye returned to work. 
Joan rubbed her temples, stared at the stacks of documents on her desk, and continued flipping through it. 
“Mrs. Young, I’ll be working late tonight and won’t be able to make it for dinner.” Joan signed some papers as she spoke over the phone. 
“Why are you so busy? Should I get Larry to come over to help you out?” Delilah asked worriedly. 
“No need. He’s quite busy these days. Don’t need to tell him about it…” 
Nevertheless, Delilah felt a little uneasy about how Joan was suddenly shifting her focus to her career. 
“Are you coming back tonight then?” 
“I’m not sure.” 
“Ms. Watts, aren’t you leaving yet?” Faye knocked on her office door and asked. 
“You can leave first. See you tomorrow!” Joan waved her arms. 
Even though the photography studio’s incident had come to an end, their reputation had been severely damaged. Their old clients refused to have their photos taken at the studio anymore, whereas potential
customers would just take a detour when passing by the photography studio. It was hurting their sales. Joan did everything in her power to locate Abelyn and her friends, but to no avail. 
Meanwhile, in Abelyn’s office. “Ms. Chipman, do you know where your friends are at the moment?” Joan asked Abelyn anxiously. 
Abelyn stood up and strolled to the window with a cold look. 
Looks like Joan won’t be much of a worthy opponent. 
“I don’t know.” She was doing it on purpose. 
“Ms. Chipman, please try to recall. Did they really not tell you anything before they leave?” Joan tried again. 
“No. Why? Is the photography studio closing down?” she probed. 
“No.” Joan lowered her head. 
Abelyn acted high and mighty in front of Joan. 
“You can sell me the photography studio if you can’t carry on,” Abelyn suddenly said. 
Her words caught Joan’s attention. Joan wouldn’t have been surprised to hear it from Dustin. However, she was shocked to hear it from Abelyn. She never expected for Abelyn to covet her photography studio. 
“What do you mean, Ms. Chipman?” Joan lifted her head and queried. 
Slap!
Abelyn threw a stack of photos on her desk. 
“See for yourself. These are photos taken by your photographer.” She pointed at the photos lying on the table. 
Joan was aware of the photograph’s poor quality. Nevertheless, these photos were taken as per Abelyn’s request. 
“Ms. Chipman, it was you who…” 
“I expect my portrait to be pretty when I chose your studio. But just look at how it turned out. Do you think this is appropriate? Plus, the photographer should be well aware of the purpose of taking photos no matter what I said.” Abelyn sat on a sofa and said deliberately. 
It was obvious she was expecting the photographer to make her portraits look as pretty as possible no matter what she asked of him. 
“I kept quiet about it that day because I thought we would have a chance to work together again. Never would I have expected for you to repeat the same stupid mistakes to my friends as well!” Abelyn shook her head, acting innocent. 
She sure is a good actress. Joan felt a little dismay as she stared at the woman in front of her. 
“What exactly do you want?” She went straight to the point.
###Chapter 2585
Chapter 2585 
“I want your photography studio,” Abelyn said bluntly. 
Joan’s blood boiled as they glared at each other. 
“The photography studio and the team belong to me. I won’t let anyone take advantage of it.” She balled her fists and said firmly. 
Stubborn as a mule. Abelyn looked at her with disdain. 
It was still uncertain who will own the photography studio in the end. The most capable person will own it. 
“Do you have anything else, Ms. Watts? If not, you should leave.” Abelyn was reading her newspaper as she spoke in a low voice. 
Joan left her office in a huff before she could even finish her sentence. 
After walking out of Abelyn’s company, Joan pulled her phone out to make a call. 
“How did it go? Have you gotten to the bottom of things?” 
“Ms. Watts, they’re out of the country,” Faye said nervously. 
Damn it! Those assholes! Joan headed straight for the airport without a moment’s hesitation. 
The airport was busy as usual. People from all walks of life hurried around with anxious looks on their faces. 
“Ms. Watts, this is all of our security footage.” The security control room’s supervisor said to Joan.
“Okay. Thank you.” With that, she sat down. 
Her eyes were glued to the screen as she searched for the familiar figures. 
“There. Stop. Rewind a little. I want to see what time they bought the tickets.” 
I knew it. They left on the day of the interview. 
Looks like they already have everything planned out. At the end of the day, Joan realized she had been played. To think that I trusted Abelyn so easily. What a joke. 
“Can you please zoom in? I want to take a closer look.” Joan pointed at the few people on screen and said. 
Very soon, she found out which country they were headed to. Joan held back even though she was now aware of their every move. 
In Joan’s office. 
“Are you ready?” Jake asked in a low voice. 
“Yes, I’m ready,” Joan replied. 
She sure is going all out for the sake of this photography studio. Jake sighed as he stared at Joan. 
He wished she would just live her best life without having to busy herself with the photography studio. He used to wish Joan would be with him. However, the thought of being with Joan gradually disappeared and was replaced by Faye instead. 
“What are you thinking?” Joan walked up to him and patted his shoulder.
“Nothing. I’ll take my leave first since I have something else to attend to.” Jake was about to walk out of her office. 
“Wait!” Joan suddenly called out. 
“Aren’t you going to pay Faye a visit?” she quipped. 
“Why would I want to do that?” 
He still don’t get it? Joan circled around him with a hand on her chin as if she was deep in thought. 
“I’m leaving!” Jake suddenly shouted. 
“Are you sure you’re not going to pay Faye a visit?” 
“What for? I’m here today to pay you a visit!” Jake explained. 
“Ms. Watts.” 
Faye knocked on the door and greeted. 
“Come in!” Joan practically yelled. 
“These are the documents you requested. I would also need you to sign these papers.” Faye handed her the papers, stole a glance at Jake, and blushed.
###Chapter 2586
Chapter 2586 
“Send him off in my place please.” Joan pointed at Jake and said. 
In the living room back home. “Abelyn’s friends are back,” Larry said to Joan in a low voice. 
“I know.” 
“What do you plan to do?” he asked. 
“Go with the flow and ask them about it when the time is right.” 
Things won’t be as simple as it seems. Larry stared at Joan worriedly. 
A week flew by. Joan headed straight for the villa they were staying at without a second’s hesitation after Faye found out their address. 
Knock… Knock… Knock… 
The few people in the living room jumped in fright when they heard the fervent knocking. 
“Are we expecting a guest?” A middle-aged woman asked. 
“No,” another answered. 
Joan didn’t give up when nobody answered the door. After a long while, somebody finally gave in. 
“Who is it?” 
Joan kept quiet and continued knocking fervently on the door. 
“Are you crazy?” The middle-aged woman opened the door and cursed.
However, she received a nasty surprise when she saw that it was Joan. 
“W-Why are you here?” 
“I’m here to see your… photos.” Joan walked past her into the living room. 
Everyone else in the living room was dumbstruck. Who would have thought she would dare to come here alone? 
“What are you doing here?” A man stood up and asked in a hostile manner. 
“Please show me the photos taken by my photographers.” Joan went straight to the point. 
She wanted to see for herself what they meant by poor-quality photos. 
“Ms. Watts, what is the meaning of this? Why would we keep a bunch of bad-quality photos?” A man said matter-of-factly. 
They threw it away? How cunning to destroy evidence. Joan peered at them menacingly. 
“Why are you doing this? Who instructed you to do it? Is it Abelyn?” She asked the man sitting on the sofa softly. 
They shied away from Joan’s gaze Abelyn’s name was mentioned. At that moment, everything clicked. 
“My photographer went through so much to take nice pictures for you without so much as a complaint, but you guys slandered our studio’s reputation!” she bellowed. 
The air went still as everyone ignored her. 
“If there is nothing else, you may leave.” Someone stood up.
Are they chasing me off? Perhaps because they are guilty as charged? Or are they hiding something from me? 
“I need an explanation from all of you!” Joan said firmly. 
“What explanation? Your photographer ruined everything. We don’t have anything to do with it.” 
“My photographers didn’t ruin anything. It was all you!” Joan shouted. 
“How could you say that? Do you have proof?” 
Shameless b**tards! Joan was so angry that she took a step back helplessly. 
“If you’re trying to find fault here, I’m sorry, you’ve got the wrong place.” A woman spoke up. 
Then, a man stood up and walked towards her with a dangerous glint in his eyes. 
What does he want? A fight? Joan collected herself as helplessness flashed in her eyes. 
“Get out. Or else…” 
Joan was scared when she heard those words. 
What a bunch of hypocrites. Talking with their fists instead of being the civilized gentlemen they presented themselves to be. 
Joan decided to back out after much hesitation. She didn’t want to die just yet.
###Chapter 2587
Chapter 2587 
She headed straight for her office after she left. 
“Ms. Watts,” Faye greeted. 
“Do we still need to compensate those people for their loss? They came yesterday when you’re not around,” she whispered. 
How shameless are they? Joan gripped the corner of her clothes in an attempt to calm herself down. 
“No need!” She walked straight into her office. 
This issue was far more complicated than she had thought. 
At the moment, Larry was watching security footage in his office when he frowned. 
“Are you sure it’s them?” He lifted his head and asked Caspian. 
“Definitely. This is the security footage near their house.” 
They’re finally back! Larry placed the tablet aside, rubbed his temples, stood up, and walked to the window, deep in thought. 
“Follow them to find evidence,” he commanded. 
“Yes sir!” Caspian replied and left the office. 
How dare they make a move against my woman? They must all have a death wish! Larry narrowed his eyes dangerously upon the thought. 
“Larry!” Jessica greeted as she strolled into his office.
“What do you want?” Larry turned around and asked. 
“Did Joan land herself into some trouble?” 
“Yes. But it’ll be all settled soon.” 
Jessica breathed a sigh of relief when she saw how calm Larry was. 
Guess it’s not a very serious matter. Why did Caspian look so anxious just now? Jessica walked over to the sofa and sat down. 
“How have you been? Is everything settled?” Larry asked. 
“Almost. Don’t you worry, Larry. I will succeed once I put my mind to it.” She smiled. 
Larry smiled in satisfaction as he watched her excited face. 
She had been so focused on the bookstore ever since the grand opening that she didn’t even care much when Caspian was jealous. However, her professionalism was a relief to Larry. 
“Do you need my help?” Larry offered. 
“Not for now.” 
Oh. What a coy girl. Is she implying she’s going to have to need my help in the near future? Larry lowered his head and continued with his work. 
“Larry, I’m running out of money. Can you treat me to a meal?” Jessica sniffed. 
This piqued Larry’s curiosity. 
“Where did you spend all your money on?”
“I invested all of it.” 
I must be crazy. How can I invest even my living expenses into my business? 
After a few days in Larry’s office. 
“Jessica, what are you thinking?” Caspian yelled, his emotions spiraling out of control. 
“I just wanted to try, and didn’t expect to lose all.” Jessica lowered her head and said in a low voice. 
“Can you please use your brain in the future?” 
Caspian was really mad. He never expect someone as organized as Jessica to invest in the stock market. 
“Why are you yelling?” Larry asked as he strolled into the office. 
“Larry, I… You tell him!” Caspian sat down furiously on the sofa. 
It must be serious. I’ve never seen Caspian so mad. Larry gave Jessica a look as he waited for her reply. 
“I accidentally lose some money,” Jessica said in a low voice. 
“Accidentally? Lose some money? Jessica! Explain yourself!” Caspian exclaimed and stood up. 
“I lost a huge sum of money.” Jessica looked at Larry with a pitiful expression.
###Chapter 2588
Chapter 2588 
“What did you do?” Larry queried. 
“Bought some stocks.” 
Larry was struck dumb. 
Jessica told him she was investing all her money some time ago. Did she mean investing in the stock market? Is she in her right mind or is she suffering from a concussion? It’s almost impossible for her to make a profit in the stock market since she didn’t have anyone to lead her. 
“How much did you invest?” 
“Five hundred thousand,” Caspian answered. 
“She used up all of her savings,” Caspian continued. 
Jessica spent all of her savings on the chain bookstore some time ago. Just when she finally made a small amount of profit from her business, she spent it all in the stock market. 
Caspian was mad that she didn’t tell anyone that she had spent all her money on stocks. 
“Why didn’t you get help?” Larry walked over to Jessica and asked in a serious manner. 
“Isn’t it better to find a professional?” 
“I was afraid you wouldn’t let me,” Jessica replied. 
How funny. Larry turned away from her. 
It’s not out of the norm for people to invest in the stock market now that we’re in the twenty-first century.
“Don’t do that anymore in the future!” Larry gave Jessica a cold look and yelled. 
“Noted,” Jessica replied guiltily. 
However, Caspian was still furious about her actions. 
“Don’t be mad. I’ll earn all of the money back. Don’t worry.” Jessica walked over, tugged Caspian’s hand, and whined coquettishly. 
“I’m not mad because you lost some money. I’m just worried about you.” Caspian explained loudly. 
Jessica stopped bickering with Caspian. She knew he was just being a worrywart. 
The both of them finally left the office after fussing around for a bit. 
Shortly after, Joan arrived. 
“What happened to them?” She pointed at Jessica and Caspian. 
“It’s nothing.” Larry replied without even looking at her. 
“Here, some meatloaf for you since you said you wanted some yesterday.” Joan placed his lunchbox in front of him. 
Larry immediately stopped what he was doing and gave Joan a grateful look. 
“I’ll be leaving. There are still a lot of things to attend to at the photography studio.” Joan left right after. 
Warmth filled Larry’s heart as he watched Joan leave the building. 
Joan looked around the photography studio worriedly as everyone lazed around. 
“What happened to them?” she asked Faye.
“Everyone’s morale is down because business is slow these days even though enough time has passed for people to stop talking about the incident.” Faye shrugged and replied helplessly. 
“I thought we were doing okay. What’s happened?” Joan asked anxiously. 
“I don’t know.” 
Joan was at a loss of what to do next. 
Is someone plotting behind my back again? Is it Abelyn? Joan picked up her bag and walked out of her office. 
The photography studio’s reputation will forever be at stake if those people refuse to clarify the truth. 
“Ms. Watts, where are you going?” Faye hurriedly followed after Joan. 
“To find them!” 
Joan meant Abelyn’s friends who started the nasty rumors about her photography studio. 
“Ms. Watts, calm down. You can’t go alone.” Faye tugged her arm. 
Joan hesitated for a bit as she stared at Faye. 
Ring! Ring! 
It was Larry. 
“Don’t be rash. I’m on to them already.” 
Joan froze.
What a timely phone call. 
“Ok.” She turned and entered her office.
###Chapter 2589
Chapter 2589 
“Faye, what do we do? We can’t just laze around every day.” 
“That’s right. I’m still waiting for my paycheck so I can return home to visit Granny.” 
“How are we going to survive without our clients?” 
The employees whispered among themselves outside the office. Obviously, they were getting impatient with the whole situation. 
“Be patient, guys. Ms. Watts will come up with a solution! Please be patient!” Faye piped up. 
Faye’s heart ached for them when she saw their disheartened faces. 
Joan also felt very anxious as she watched the scene unfolding before her eyes. But all she could do now is wait. 
“Larry, this is the recording and the video clip. However, one woman did not show her face throughout the clip,” said Caspian. 
Larry’s face darkened as he checked the evidence cautiously. Who dares make such a move against Joan? 
“Where are they now?” Larry pointed at the computer screen and asked. 
“At home.” 
“Take them to the hotel for lunch tomorrow. Tell them it’ll be on me.” Larry busied himself with work after that.
“Yes sir.” 
Caspian walked out. 
Who is the woman in the video clip? Larry furrowed his brows, feeling frustrated. 
The next day, the few of them showed up early at the hotel. They were very excited when they heard that the president of Norton Corporation will be treating them to a meal and rushed right over after changing. 
“Sorry, I’m late.” Larry apologized as he walked into the room. 
“Don’t worry about it. You’re a busy man. We mustn’t make you wait.” A middle-aged man stood up. 
“I shan’t beat around the bush then. I’m here today because of Joan.” Larry sipped on his tea. 
Everyone around the table exchanged looks, suddenly at a loss of what to do. 
“What’s their relationship?” 
“I don’t know.” 
They whispered among themselves. 
They had not heard about Larry and Joan’s complicated relationship since they had just arrived in the city. The only thing they knew about Larry was that he was married for a while but had filed for divorce now. However, they didn’t know that Joan was Larry’s ex-wife, and would have never had expected for them to get back together again. 
“Mr. Norton, aren’t you here to talk business today?” A middle-aged woman asked with an awkward look on her face.
“I want you to clarify the truth about the photography studio’s incident,” Larry continued. 
The few of them lowered their heads, displeased. 
They didn’t want to offend neither Larry nor Abelyn. 
“Mr. Norton, I think you’ve got the wrong people. We have nothing to do with it. We were just telling everyone what really happened at the photography studio,” a young man piped up. 
In actual reality, they had fabricated the truth. Larry lifted his head and stared at them coldly. 
“You have two options now. One, clarify the truth and live a peaceful life in this city, or get out of here crippled,” Larry said placidly. 
At that moment, everyone in the room was shocked. 
This is a trap! 
“Sorry, Mr. Norton, we’re here to talk business, not to have a casual chat. I have something else to attend to, so please excuse me.” The middle-aged woman was about to leave the room. 
A few burly bodyguards suddenly stood in her way when she opened the door. The woman jumped in fright and quickly took a few steps back. Larry continued to sip on his tea as if nothing had happened. 
“Mr. Norton, what are you doing? We can talk it out.” A young woman said, flustered.
###Chapter 2590
Chapter 2590 
“This is all I have to say. Give it some thought.” Larry stood up and left. 
“Wait!” A middle-aged woman suddenly shouted. 
“You’ll let us go if we clarify the truth?” she asked. 
She was very much aware that she couldn’t afford to offend Larry. They can worry about Abelyn after all this is over. 
“That’s right. I just want the truth. Perhaps you can get my help if you run into any trouble in the future.” Larry said. 
“No need. As long as you don’t come for us!” The middle-aged woman piped up. 
What a clever woman! Larry looked at the middle-aged woman with admiration. 
The few of them gathered around for a discussion and finally came to an agreement. 
“We can post a video clip clarifying the truth,” the woman continued. 
Great! This is the best outcome. Larry smiled and nodded in approval. 
He left them alone after hearing the woman’s promise. 
“Mom, what are you doing? How are we going to explain ourselves to Ms. Chipman?” A young woman tugged the middle-aged woman’s hand 
“Don’t worry. Our lives are more important,” she comforted.
At the moment, Joan was wrecking her head on how she could get her business out of the sticky situation. 
“Ms. Watts, you should go home and get some rest.” Faye walked over. 
“No need. I’ll just lie on the table for a short nap,” Joan replied. 
“Come check it out, guys. They’re clarifying the truth.” 
“Really? Why are they suddenly being so thoughtful?” 
“It’s true. Look. This is the video clip.” 
All of a sudden, the office’s corridor buzzed as everyone smiled joyfully. Joan’s curiosity was piqued as she looked in from the outside. 
“What are they doing?” she asked Faye. 
“I don’t know. I’ll go take a look.” Faye walked out of Joan’s office. 
“What are you…” 
“Faye, come check it out!” A girl cut her off and pulled her over to watch the video clip showcasing the men explaining everything that happened at the photography studio. 
“When did it happen?” Faye asked. 
“Just now.” 
“Ms. Watts, you don’t have to worry anymore.” Faye burst into Joan’s office with a tablet.
When did Faye become so immature? Joan was rendered speechless as she watched Faye ran towards her. 
“Lower down,” Joan said. 
“Ms. Watts, look. They’ve clarified the truth.” With that, Faye handed the tablet to Joan. 
Joan repeated the clip three times before she could finally register what was happening. 
“Does that mean our photography studio will get to resume normal operations soon?” Joan asked excitedly. 
“Yes, Ms. Watts.” Faye played along. 
That’s not right. They chased me out the last time when I paid them a visit. Why did they… Joan tilted her head and stared at the ceiling, deep in thought. 
Are they doing it on purpose again? She rubbed her eyes in an attempt to see the video clearly. 
“We will have more opportunities to work with Norton Corporation in the future…” The men on the screen said pretentiously. 
At that moment, Joan’s eyes gleamed with joy. Everything finally clicked. 
Someone had been helping her out behind her back! She suddenly felt at ease knowing that she still had someone to back her up. 
Abelyn’s office. 
“What did you say? They clarified the truth? Are they crazy?” Abelyn paced around her office anxiously as fury raged within her.
###Chapter 2591
Chapter 2591 
“What should we do now, Ms. Chipman?” asked someone beside her. 
“We don’t do anything,” Abelyn replied. 
Of course, she was not about to let Joan off. She simply needed to make a detailed plan first. 
Meanwhile, Joan had held a press conference to address the incident in the photography studio. 
“Hi Ms. Watts, I’d like to ask a question. You’d been working as a supervisor in the photography studio when such an incident happened. How did you get through it?” asked a journalist. 
“Firstly, I want to thank my ex-husband. When I was having a difficult time and was feeling helpless, he was the one who gave me motivation and hopes,” she answered affectionately. 
There was a round of applause from the audience… 
With Larry’s help, the incident with the photography studio had finally been completely resolved that day. Joan had returned to her office after the press conference ended. 
“Congratulations,” said Jake softly as he walked in. 
What’s he doing here again? Noticing his presence, she got up and walked over. 
“Are you here for me?” Joan asked. 
“Why? Don’t you welcome me?” he said, then took a seat. 
Um… Joan was at a loss for words.
Ever since Larry had misunderstood her the previous time, she had been more careful to keep her distance from Jake. However, she did not expect that he would turn up at the company that day. 
“How’s your business been lately?” he asked, looking out the office. 
Observing his actions, Joan realized the true purpose of his appearance. 
“It’s been okay,” she replied. 
Then, she suddenly spoke into the landline on her table, “Come into the office.” 
Very soon, the door was gently pushed open. 
As soon as her assistant walked in, Jake’s eyes fell on her, carrying a very affectionate look. Feeling his gaze, the assistant smiled slightly at him, then immediately walked toward Joan. 
“You’re looking for me, Ms. Watts?” she asked gently. 
“You’ve been working hard recently. You can go home and rest now,” Joan replied straightforwardly. 
Her assistant was instantly shocked. 
“But today’s a workday,” she hurriedly reminded Joan. 
Is she firing me? The assistant stared eagerly at Joan, with a nervous look on her face. 
“I know you’ve been working overtime recently, so I want to let you relax for today. Since it’s also the weekend tomorrow, you can rest for longer,” she explained while flipping through some documents. 
Oh, so that’s what it is. The assistant held a hand against her chest, breathing a sigh of relief. 
“Um… I’m not tired. It’s okay, I can still…”
“You have to go back and rest today. Or you can go out and play,” said Joan firmly as she glanced over at Jake. 
Her tone basically made her words an order. The assistant hesitated, wanting to speak. However, she eventually did not and left the office in silence after that. 
On the sofa, Jake was absentmindedly flipping through some newspapers, lost in thought. He seemed to have something on his mind. 
“Aren’t you going to leave?” she asked. 
“Soon,” he replied. 
“If you don’t leave right now, someone else would have asked my assistant out on a date by then.” 
Suddenly, Jake raised his head as his eyes lit up. 
She’s right. Her assistant’s so pretty. She’s basically a goddess. Surely there’s already a line of men waiting to date her! 
“I’m leaving, bye,” he said as he hurriedly ran out of the office. 
Joan laughed as she watched him go. 
And you told me you didn’t like her! You said you didn’t have the slightest bit of feelings for her. If I didn’t force you, you really wouldn’t have realized that you liked her. 
Indeed, in only two days, Jake’s relationship with her assistant had grown by leaps and bounds. At that point, he no longer needed Joan’s reminders for him to realize his feelings.
All along, he had taken his gratitude for Joan to be love. However, with the appearance of Joan’s assistant, Jake was able to really feel the sweetness of falling in love.
###Chapter 2592
Chapter 2592 
“Congrats!” said Joan, as they sat around in Jake’s living room. 
That day, Jake had openly admitted that her assistant, Faye, was his girlfriend. Therefore, Joan no longer needed to worry that Larry would get jealous of him. She could freely interact with Jake from then on. 
“It’s all thanks to you,” he replied embarrassedly in a low voice. 
“Oh? That’s right. You really should thank me. If I hadn’t scouted for Faye, you wouldn’t even have known that she existed!” she teased, laughing. 
As she continued to tease Jake, Faye stood by them with her head lowered, blushing hard. 
Noticing her assistant behave so shyly, Joan patted her on the shoulder in comfort. “Don’t be so nervous. Even if he’s the president of a large company, he’s still your boyfriend.” 
In reality, she knew that Faye felt somewhat inferior. She was born into a poor family, had no background nor reputation, and did not have any outstanding abilities. Naturally, there were times when she felt small compared to Jake. 
“Don’t worry, all that matters is that I like you,” he said as he walked over to hug her. 
Raising her head to look at him, Faye nodded eagerly. 
“I’m leaving. I don’t want to stay here as a third wheel!” As soon as she said that, Joan picked up her bag and left.
Everyone had thought that Jake and Faye would be able to live happily together after that. However, life was full of accidents, and some things seemed to have been planned out by the gods. 
That day, Joan had gone to a café to sign an agreement with the photography studio’s new business partner when she realized that she had forgotten to bring the contract with her. Anxious, she hurriedly called Faye. 
“When do you need it by, Ms. Watts?” Faye asked over the phone. 
“I need it now!” 
Then, she hung up and turned back to the person in front of her. She said embarrassedly, “I’m so sorry. My assistant will bring the contract over soon.” 
“It’s fine,” he replied, taking a sip of his coffee. 
Staring at the heavy rain outside, Joan felt very uneasy for no apparent reason. 
As time continued to tick by, Joan got increasingly irritated. 
Why isn’t she here yet? She looked out the window anxiously, her gaze dissatisfied. 
“Should we meet another day, Ms. Watts? I have an appointment later.” 
Looking around nervously for a while, Joan eventually nodded embarrassedly. 
“I’m so sorry about this. Maybe there was some congestion on the way here, so she…” she tried to explain. 
“It’s fine,” the man replied, then soon left the café.
As soon as he stepped out, she took out her phone and made a call. However, no one answered the phone. 
This brat. What’s she doing? How can she be so careless about such an important thing! Is it because I’ve been too lenient on her, making her so bold and unrestrained? 
Joan continued to ponder in anger. 
No, I need to make her think through her mistakes tomorrow. 
What Joan did not know was at that time, Faye had met with an accident. 
At that moment, Faye was lying on a muddy road, bleeding, her face pale. 
“Call someone! There’s been an accident here!” 
Instantly, a few passers-by gathered around, and soon, the ambulance and police had rushed over. 
Bam! 
As soon as Joan got back to the photography studio, she slammed the office door shut with a serious expression on her face. The employees outside watched her fearfully. 
“What’s going on with Ms. Watts? She looks really angry.” 
At the same time, Jake was shouting as he shook the woman lying on the hospital bed. “Faye, wake up!” 
However, there was no response. 
“My condolences, sir,” the nurse said solemnly.
Instantly, Jake trembled from head to toe in disbelief.
###Chapter 2593
Chapter 2593 
No. She can’t have died! 
“Please save her. You must have some way, right?” he pleaded as he grabbed onto the doctor’s arm tightly. 
“Sir, we’ve tried our best. I’m sorry.” As soon as the doctor was done, he left the room. 
Turning around to hug the person on the bed, Jake shouted, ”Faye, can you please open your eyes and look at me?” 
The others in the hospital could only sigh when they saw that scene. 
“That young lady’s really pitiful. She’s gone at such a young age.” 
“Yeah, it’s really too bad.” 
Several family members of the other patients talked amongst themselves, feeling regretful as they looked at Jake’s painful expression. 
“What did you say? Faye got into an accident?” Joan asked loudly, immediately standing up. 
“Yeah. We just found out about it too,” an employee said. 
“We should…” Before the employee could finish speaking, Joan had picked up her phone and ran out of the office. 
No wonder Faye didn’t get to the café. She got in an accident on the way! 
“I’ll go there with you, Ms. Watts!” shouted an employee from behind her.
“It’s fine, I can go by myself!” Just like that, she disappeared from the studio. 
Perhaps because the weather had suddenly gotten colder, there were more patients in the hospital than usual. As soon as Joan reached the hospital, she hurriedly ran to the receptionist, out of breath and looking very anxious. 
“Which ward is Faye in?” she asked. 
The receptionist looked as if she wanted to say something but eventually did not. Without speaking, she pointed toward a ward far away in the corner. 
“Faye!” shouted Joan as she pushed the doors open. 
However, she was met with the sight of Jake kneeling on the ground, holding the hand of the person on the bed. His face was covered in tears, looking haggard and in pain. 
What happened? Why’s he crying? She slowly walked over, looking solemnly at Faye, who was lying on the bed. 
Eventually, she mustered up the courage to place her index finger below Faye’s nostril. 
She was instantly shocked. 
All Joan knew was that Faye had met with an accident. She did not know that her assistant had passed away. 
“Jake, what’s going on?” she asked in a shaky voice, her eyes welled up with tears. 
As soon as he heard her voice, Jake raised his head to look at her with a fierce expression. 
“You’re a murderer!” he shouted.
She felt lost upon hearing his words, for she had no idea why he was suddenly saying such a thing. 
“What are you talking about?” 
Before she could finish speaking, Jake swiftly moved in front of her to choke her, glaring at her with a vicious aura. 
He did not release his hold on her neck even as he spoke. “If it weren’t for you, why would she die? If you hadn’t asked her to send over some stupid document, why would she become like this!” 
Instantly, Joan understood everything. 
Shocked by her realization, she collapsed onto the ground, her eyes dimming with sorrow. 
“Are you still pretending to be pitiful? I’ll never forgive you. Never!” 
Not to mention Jake, even Joan would never forgive herself. 
“Wake up, Faye. I’m Joan. Ms. Watts!” Joan said as she shook the body on the bed. 
However, Faye did not open her eyes. 
“She’s dead!” Jake shouted back at her. 
“Impossible. She must be asleep. Faye won’t die!” she said as she continued to shake the body, constantly muttering to herself. 
“Don’t touch her! You’re not worthy!” He then threw her aside. 
Unable to take it any longer, Joan eventually broke down, bursting into hysterical tears. 
The others passing by shot them a sympathetic look, but could only leave helplessly.
###Chapter 2594
Chapter 2594 
“I’m a sinner! I’m the murderer! I killed Faye! It was all my fault!” she yelled as she continued to slap herself in the face. 
However, Jake never stopped her. At that moment, his hatred toward Joan had reached extreme levels. 
“Don’t be sad, miss. She’s already gone. You can’t torture yourself like this because of it!” said a nurse as she helped Joan to her feet. 
“Don’t stop her. Let her die!” he said angrily. 
Bam! 
Just then, someone kicked open the door to the ward. 
“Joan.” 
Immediately, Larry ran over to her and took her into his arms. 
“What exactly happened?” he asked, wiping her tears away. 
“She’s dead, Larry. I did it. I killed her,” Joan said, choking on her words. 
Looking over at the hospital bed, he frowned, his expression stern. 
“Okay, stop talking. Take a rest,” he said as he helped her over to the sofa. 
“Rest? Do you even have any right to do that now?” Jake deliberately shouted. 
Larry knew that he had liked Faye a lot. As a result, he understood what Jake was going through then and did not rebut him.
“Okay, stop crying. You still have me,” he said comfortingly as he patted Joan on the back. 
“What’s the point of having you around? Can you make her come back to life? You’d better not appear in front of me again, Joan. Otherwise, I won’t let you off!” Jake said as he pointed at her. 
Unable to take it any longer, Larry roared, “Don’t take it too far!” 
Although he had not yet fully figured out what had happened, looking at how Joan was behaving, he knew that Faye’s death had to have something to do with her. Therefore, he did not want to start a conflict with Jake. 
“I’m taking it too far? Clearly, it’s your girlfriend who killed mine. Instead, you’re now trying to teach me a lesson?” He then stood up and walked over to Larry. 
“Sir, this is a hospital. You’re not allowed to fight!” a nurse said, stepping forward to stop Jake. 
At the same time, Joan had grabbed onto Larry’s arm urgently. “Don’t hit him. It’s my fault. It’s all my fault!” 
Looking at her crying face, Larry felt heartbroken. 
“Don’t worry. I know my limits,” he replied, stroking her hair. 
Just then, a doctor entered and said, “Who’s the patient’s family? I need you to sign a document.” 
A few days later, when Caspian and Jessica had found out about the situation, they headed over to find Larry. Caspian asked, “Is Joan okay?” 
However, Larry did not reply.
How can she be okay? For the past few days, Joan had been in a state of constant self-blame. She neither ate nor slept, constantly muttering Faye’s name. He was worried that if things continued that way, Joan would become depressed. 
“Where’s she now?” asked Jessica hurriedly. 
“In the hospital.” 
For the past three days in a row, Joan had been in what used to be Faye’s ward, kneeling on the ground and refusing to get up. 
Without another word, Jessica immediately ran out. On the way there, she made a call to Nancy. Sure enough, she left her child at home and immediately rushed to the hospital as well. 
Once in the ward, Jessica said, “Faye’s gone, Joan. What’s the use of wasting your time staying here!” 
“Get up, Joan. The floor’s cold,” Nancy then said, bending down to help her up. 
“Don’t touch me! I’m a sinner,” Joan said weakly. 
Looking at how exhausted she was, Jessica felt heartbroken. 
The last time the three of them had met was over a month ago. They did not expect that they would meet again because of Faye’s accident. 
“Damn it, Joan. Get up right now! Do you think Faye will come back to life if you do this?” shouted Nancy, unable to hold it in anymore.
###Chapter 2595
Chapter 2595 
She had never seen Joan in that much pain. In the past, even if she had argued with Larry, they would at most give each other the cold shoulder. But right then, it was clear that Joan had disregarded her own life. 
“Faye won’t be able to rest in peace if she sees you like this,” Jessica said. 
“Faye!” 
Joan then began to cry again, her tears seemingly never-ending. 
Looking at the state that she was in, Jessica and Nancy stopped trying to persuade her. 
After a while, Jessica turned to Nancy and asked, “What now?” 
“I have no idea.” 
They both could tell that Joan had long fully regarded herself as Faye’s murderer. Therefore, no matter what others said, it would be of no help. 
“Why don’t we use some extreme measures, then,” Nancy said with a serious face, turning around to look at Jessica. 
She was stunned for a moment but eventually collected herself. Then, she looked expectantly at Nancy, waiting for her to explain her idea. 
“Let’s just kidnap her home!” 
Is this… really okay? Jessica looked doubtfully at Joan, who was still kneeling on the ground. She was hesitant.
Why doesn’t she listen to anyone at all! Jessica sighed. 
Eventually, after thinking for a long time, the two women finally reached a consensus. They then began to put their plan into action. 
“What are you doing? Let me go! I won’t leave! I want to keep Faye company here!” Joan yelled, struggling against their hold. 
“Keep her company? She’s not here anymore, okay!” replied Nancy, using all her strength to support Joan’s thighs as they carried her out of the ward. 
“Let me go! Don’t make me hurt you!” 
As Jessica and Nancy had already prepared themselves for whatever unexpected situation, naturally, they did not bother about her threats. 
“Ah!” Nancy suddenly shouted with a look of pain on her face. 
“What’s wrong?” Jessica asked anxiously. 
Lowering her head, Nancy looked at the row of teeth marks on her arm. Soon, it started to bleed. 
“Are you okay? Put her down! We have to find a doctor,” Jessica said, about to let Joan go. 
At that moment, one of them was grabbing onto Joan’s arms while the other carried her legs. They made for a very embarrassing scene as they walked through the hospital. 
“No! We have to go. Carry her to the car first!” Nancy shouted. 
Without any more hesitation, she then picked up the pace and headed toward the car. Jessica felt heartbroken as she looked at how forbearing Nancy was being.
Soon, Joan was finally shoved into the car. At that point, Nancy’s arms were not only covered with one set of teeth marks. Moreover, it was constantly bleeding. 
“Quick, we have to find a doctor…” 
“Let’s go home first,” Nancy interrupted. 
“But your arm…” 
“I’m fine. I’ve got medicine at home.” 
In reality, she was afraid that Joan would cause trouble again in the time that they went to find a doctor. 
“Where are you, Faye? I don’t need the document anymore. Please come back soon, okay?” muttered Joan, looking as if she was searching for something. 
“Jessica, drive.” 
However, although Jessica started the engine, the two women did not know where to go. 
Home? Whose house? Ms. Young’s house? But they have a child at home now. If Lucius sees his mother like this, he’ll definitely feel upset. Jessica frowned as she continued to ponder. Nancy’s house? But her baby’s not even one yet. Definitely not. 
“Let’s go to my house,” she suddenly said. 
As if she were crazy, Joan then shouted, “No! I don’t want to go home! I want to find Faye!” 
Clearly, they could not stop worrying about her. The two women then looked at Joan and sighed.
###Chapter 2596
Chapter 2596 
Soon, the car pulled up at Jessica’s villa. 
“Where is this place?” Joan looked around and asked anxiously. 
“This is my house,” Jessica replied. 
“Who are you? Why did you bring me here?” Joan yelled shockingly. 
Perhaps because Faye’s death was too much to handle for Joan, she would have memory loss from time to time. 
“I’m Jessica!” 
“Who’s Jessica? Was it you who killed Faye? Tell me, was it you?” Joan yelled while having Jessica in a chokehold. 
Now, she had a complete mental breakdown. 
Nancy’s heart sank as she looked at Joan, whom she used to respect so much. At the same time, she began to feel worried about Jessica’s safety. 
“Jessica, I’m worried that she’ll hurt you,” she said to Jessica seriously while prying Joan’s fingers off of Jessica. 
“Joan, let go!” Jessica tried very hard to pull Joan’s hand away from her. 
“It’s okay,” Jessica replied in between breaths after she wriggled free from Joan. 
“Where’s Faye? Where did she go? Why hasn’t she come back?” The next moment, Joan asked.
“Faye is dead! Joan, you’ve to sober up now!” Nancy shouted. 
Instantly, an awkward silence permeated in the air around them. 
“You lied! Faye isn’t dead! She only went on a trip. She said she was tired and wanted to get some rest,” Joan murmured while twiddling her fingers. 
“Joan, you’ve to accept the reality,” Jessica said softly and looked extremely worried. 
Joan lay on the couch, narrowed her eyes, and looked wasted. She still couldn’t accept the fact that Faye had died. 
“We’re going to attend Faye’s funeral tomorrow. Since you look weak, I suggest that you should stay here,” Nancy proposed. 
“I want to go,” Joan suddenly replied calmly. 
Joan’s reply took them by surprise. Having recollected themselves, they came up to her and stroke her hair. 
“Joan, are you alright now?” Nancy asked anxiously. 
For two days, Joan looked sluggish and couldn’t differentiate her imagination from reality. Hence, they felt hopeful after hearing Joan’s reply just now. 
“I’ve to attend Faye’s funeral tomorrow.” With that, Joan stood up from the couch. However, she went weak at the knees and collapsed on the couch again. 
“Jessica, cook some food for Joan now,” Nancy hailed excitedly. 
Jessica rushed toward the kitchen and began cooking.
Meanwhile, Larry was sitting on the couch in his office and staring at the phone number on the screen. After hesitating for quite some time, he finally made the call. 
“How is she?” He asked in a low voice. 
“She’s better than before,” Jessica replied, “and wants to attend Faye’s funeral.” 
They hung up after having a brief conversation. 
As Larry looked at the lonely moon from the window, he heaved a sigh and felt a little headache. 
The next day, a posse of people arrived at the cemetery. 
Whoosh! 
All of a sudden, everyone was caught in a downpour. 
“What are you doing here?” Jake pointed at Joan’s nose and shouted. 
“I’m here to bid my last farewell to Faye,” Joan replied as she looked at the tombstone. 
“We don’t need it! Get out of here!” 
“Jake!” Larry yelled. 
“I know that you must be downcast, yet no one wishes to see the tragedy befell Faye,” Larry said. 
His advice fell on deaf ears as Jake had already gone berserk. 
“Joan, get out of here! Neither Faye nor I want to see you again!” Jake continued yelling at Joan in front of him.
Instantly, everyone who attended the funeral had their eyes on Joan as though they wanted to listen to gossips. 
“I heard that Faye died because of her.” 
“That woman is a vermin!”
###Chapter 2597
Chapter 2597 
A few people gossiped among themselves non-stop. 
“Hey, what nonsense are you talking about? This is none of Joan’s business!” Jessica snapped as she couldn’t hold back any longer. 
“Who is this lady? Is she a psychopath?” 
“I bet she is. We’re not talking about her, yet she is making noise here…” 
As Jessica wanted to argue with them, Caspian stopped her. 
“That’s enough. Stop messing around,” Caspian said. 
“I’m not messing around. Did you hear what they said?” Jessica shouted. 
“That’s enough. We can’t stop rumors by simply arguing with them. So, you shouldn’t meddle in it,” Caspian said softly while caressing her head. 
Jessica looked around and decided to stop dwelling on it. 
Meanwhile, Joan was staring at the tombstone dejectedly. Her tears mixed the rain droplets and fell to the ground. 
“Faye!” 
Suddenly, Joan rushed toward Faye’s tombstone and hugged it tightly. 
Everyone was shocked and stunned to see that Joan reacted as such.
“Joan, let go of your hands. Don’t touch Faye’s tombstone!” Jake said while pulling her arms away from it. 
Unexpectedly, Joan somehow managed to hold on to it tightly to the extent that Jake couldn’t push her away no matter how hard he tried. 
“What are you doing? Do you want to apologize to her here?” Jake sneered and slowly stood up. 
“I’m sorry, Faye! It’s all my fault!” Joan leaned her head against the tombstone and said in between sobs. 
The people around her began to be sympathetic toward her. 
“Larry, can you control your wife?” Jake squawked at Larry. 
“I respect her.” 
Jake was at a loss for words upon hearing Larry’s response. 
Damn you, b*tch! How dare you shed crocodile tears here! 
“Get lost!” 
Suddenly, Jake used all his might to flung Joan aside. 
Bang! 
Joan’s head hit the tombstone next to her. The next moment, some blood flowed down to the ground. 
“Joan!” Larry swiftly made his way to her.
Although Joan was lying on the ground, she still lifted his right hand to caressed Faye’s tombstone. Slowly, her eyes closed despite her reluctance to bid farewell to Faye. Jake glanced at Joan coldly before putting some chrysanthemums at Faye’s tombstone. 
“Joan!” Jessica couldn’t hold in her emotions and began sobbing. 
As the thunder and downpour grew stronger and heavier, Joan felt that everything in front of her became blurred. 
After quite some time, Joan found herself lying on the hospital bed with a drip in her hand. She looked pale-faced while her lips were chapped. 
“Doctor, how’s Joan now? Jessica asked a doctor in a shivering voice. 
“Ms. Watts’s health condition is worrying,” the doctor heaved a sigh and answered while shaking his head. 
“How is she? Please get to the point!” Larry came up to the doctor and asked. 
“Ms. Watts’s body is too weak, particularly because she has anemia. Besides, she has overtired herself recently and is slightly malnourished…” the doctor gazed at the patient sympathetically as he explained. 
The doctor paused for a while and added, “However, if she can be emotionally stable from now on, her body can still recover.” 
As the doctor said, it was crucial to have a healthy mindset. However, the crux of the problem is that Joan couldn’t get past the trauma. 
“Faye, please don’t go. I beg of you…” Joan kept shaking her head and murmuring nervously.
“Joan, wake up. I’m Jessica,” Jessica said to her while shaking her body. 
“Faye!” Suddenly, Joan sat up from the bed and looked around the ward with her eyes wide open. 
“Jessica, where’s my assistant? Where’s Faye?” She grabbed Jessica’s sleeve and asked. At that moment, she didn’t realize that her chapped lips had begun to bleed.
###Chapter 2598
Chapter 2598 
“Joan, I beg you to sober up,” Jessica said while caressing Joan’s face gently. 
“Larry, I had a terrible dream just now. Faye was gone. She left me a letter stating that she had to return to her hometown to take care of her family. I didn’t want her to leave…” Joan murmured as she looked at Larry, who stood not far away from her. 
“Joan, that’s enough!” Larry suddenly shouted. 
Joan lowered her gaze and stopped talking. 
“Faye is dead. For how long do you want to remain in a daze?” Larry continued yelling in the ward. 
Jessica glanced at them awkwardly, unsure of what she ought to say. 
“Joan, you’re an adult. I beg you to stop acting childishly!” Larry added furiously. 
The next moment, tears rolled down Joan’s face. 
“Larry, I think that’s enough,” Jessica gazed at Larry and advised him. 
Bang! 
Larry flung the door open and left, leaving Joan and Jessica in the ward. 
“Joan, Faye met a car accident. It really was an accident, and you don’t have to overthink it,” Jessica said gently while holding Joan’s hands. 
“Jessica, do you think I’m black-hearted too?” Joan asked out of nowhere.
“Joan, you’re not a vicious person. To me, you’re the kindest woman I’ve ever met. So, please be strong. You still have to run your photography studio and take care of Lucius…” Jessica reminded her. 
She’s right. I’ve so many things to do, how can I waste time grieving the past? Joan wiped away her tears and pull herself together. 
“I want to go home,” After a while, she said resolutely. 
Seeing that Joan finally became spirited, Jessica beamed in satisfaction. 
“Have you really thought it through?” Jessica wanted to reconfirm. 
After all, she didn’t want to see Lucius and Delilah affected by her negative emotions. 
“Yes,” Joan reassured her. 
After Joan was discharged, Jessica immediately brought her back to Delilah’s house. 
“Mom, where have you been lately? I miss you so much,” Lucius ran into Joan’s arms and said loudly. 
“Mom has been busy lately, and so I hardly had time to come back and visit you,” Joan came up with an excuse. 
“Mom, what’s wrong with your eyes? Did you cry? Who bullied you?” Lucius asked heartbrokenly while caressing her face. 
Joan unknowingly felt sorrow when she was looking at her kid. The next moment, tears began to well up in her eyes. 
“Nothing. I stayed up late recently,” Joan replied. 
Meanwhile, Jessica was relieved to see that Joan and Lucius still loved each other as before.
“What happened to her?” Suddenly, Delilah dragged Jessica aside and asked. Jessica could sense the worriedness in Delilah’s eyes as she gazed at Joan. 
“She should have fully recovered now,” Jessica answered Delilah, yet she wasn’t exactly sure about it. 
Given that women had always been fickle by nature, she wasn’t confident enough to assure Delilah that Joan would stay emotionally stable from now on. 
“Alright, Lucius. Can you do your homework? Mom has to go to the photography studio to deal with some matters there,” Joan said, patting his head lightly. 
“Sure. Go ahead, Mom. Also, please be careful.” With that, Lucius returned to his room. 
What a well-behaved and matured kid! Jessica admired Joan as she watched Lucius leaving. 
“What’s wrong? Do you envy her? In that case, you should have your own kid!” Delilah teased Jessica and nudged her back. 
“What are you talking about, Ms. Young?” Jessica replied embarrassedly. 
“Don’t be shy. I mean, it’s a matter of time before you have children.” Delilah went into the kitchen after giving Jessica the piece of advice. 
“Let’s go to the photography studio,” After talking to Lucius, Joan held Jessica’s hand and left the house. 
Does she want to bury herself in work right after she pulled herself together? Jessica gazed at Joan in bewilderment.
###Chapter 2599
Chapter 2599 
Actually, Joan wished to divert her attention to work instead of immersing herself in sorrow. 
People tended to imagine things when they were free, and Joan was no exception. 
The photography studio was still quiet, while the staffs were busy with work as usual. Nevertheless, Joan knew that they were grieving for Faye. 
“Ms. Watts, are you alright?” 
“Ms. Watts, are you okay?” Some staff surrounded her and asked. 
“I’m fine,” Joan gazed at them and replied with an awkward smile. 
They were aware that Faye met the car accident on the way to send some documents to Joan. As such, no one dared mention anything about Faye. 
“Ms. Watts, these are the recent orders that we’ve received. Please take a look,” A young lady came up to Joan and said softly. 
She was the new assistant whom they recently recruited for Joan. 
“May I know who you are?” Joan asked as she looked at the beautiful lady curiously. 
“She’ll be your new assistant,” the supervisor reminded. 
Joan’s body obviously shivered the moment she heard the word “assistant”. 
I’m afraid no assistants in this world would be more committed than Faye! 
“From tomorrow onward, you’ll be their assistant. I don’t need an assistant,” Joan answered.
The surrounding staffs were taken aback for a while. Nonetheless, they didn’t to her arrangement. 
“Can you cope with your work if you assign your assistant to them?” Jessica anxiously asked as she sat on the couch. 
She knew that Joan only acknowledged one assistant deep down: Faye. 
“I certainly can,” Joan answered. 
Soon, Joan began to immerse herself in work. Seeing that Joan resumed her busy schedule, Jessica left in silence. 
“Is she alright?” Miles away, Larry asked softly while standing by the window. 
“Joan is trying her best to pull herself together,” Jessica replied over the phone. 
“Alright. Please call me if there is anything else.” Larry hung up the phone upon instructing. 
“Mr. Norton!” Suddenly, his assistant rushed into the office and yelled. 
“What is it? Can you be a little more calm and steady?” Larry chided. 
“M Group terminated its partnership with us!” his assistant said pantingly. 
To his surprise, Larry wasn’t shocked to hear the news. That was because Larry knew that the current president of M Group was none other than Jake. 
“I understand,” Larry replied calmly. Then, he waved his hand, gesturing for the assistant to leave the office. 
“Mr. Norton…” the assistant faltered as he looked at Larry.
“Get out!” Larry bellowed. 
After a while, Larry sat on the couch and lit up a cigarette. Actually, he hadn’t stopped smoking for a long time. Nonetheless, he couldn’t help but get a cigarette as he was in a bad mood. 
For many years, Norton Corporation and M Group worked together closely, and their collaboration went well until Jake showed up. 
As the new president of M Group, Jake had the power to decide everything, regardless of internal or external matters of the company. Given that he grieved Faye, his desire for vengeance against Norton Corporation grew stronger. 
“Larry, what’s wrong?” Caspian came in and asked softly. 
“Nothing,” Larry replied nonchalantly. Then, he turned around and gazed at the staff outside. 
Miles away, Jake bellowed in his office, “You must help me acquire the photography studio by any means necessary!” 
Feeling that Jake was cold and determined, Hubert was in a dilemma. 
“But the photography studio doesn’t belong to me anymore,” Hubert explained hastily. 
“I said, do it by any means necessary!” Jake yelled again. 
It looks like he is determined to acquire the photography studio! Well, I’ll figure out some ways to do it. Hubert grabbed his phone and walked out of the office slowly. 
After exiting the building, He gazed forlornly at the pitch-black darkness outside and heaved a sigh.
###Chapter 2600
Chapter 2600 
“Ms. Watts, do you have some time tomorrow? I’ve got something to discuss with you,” Hubert said straightforwardly, though he sounded diffident. 
“Sure,” Joan replied over the phone. 
Hubert was the previous owner of the photography studio. He handed it over to Joan because his whole family moved abroad. Now, Jake pressured him to come back and retake the photography studio. 
The next day, Joan sat on the corner of the café and looked out the window. She looked composed but failed to conceal the sorrow in her eyes. 
“Ms. Watts,” Hubert greeted her as he arrived. 
“Hubert, what can I do for you?” Joan asked. 
“How’s everything recently? Are you okay?” 
“I’m doing well,” Joan replied after taking a sip of her coffee. 
Nonetheless, Hubert could feel that she probably wasn’t doing well, for she kept avoiding his gaze. 
“Ms. Watts, if you feel that running a photography studio is difficult, I’m willing to take over it,” Hubert wiped away the sweat on his forehead and said. 
What does he mean? Is he going to snatch the photography studio back? Joan stared at him in disbelief.
“Hubert, you insisted on handing the photography studio over to me back then. Besides, I paid your for it,” she argued. 
“You know, I’m just worried that the photography studio would eventually shut down due to mismanagement.” Hubert came up with an excuse. 
“Rest assured that our business is good,” she said confidently. 
Hubert certainly knew that she wouldn’t hand over the photography studio to him easily. 
“I’ll be frank with you. Jake wants to acquire your photography studio,” Hubert declared as though he had given up on giving more excuses. 
Upon hearing it, Joan was startled. 
She was aware that Jake was an influential figure, while his family was also powerful in the area. However, she never thought that he would covet her photography studio. 
Mm, I think it’s all because of Faye! 
Joan lowered her head, looking crestfallen. 
“I understand,” she replied. 
“Ms. Watts, I initially didn’t want to get involved in this. I apologize to you, for we can’t afford to offend M Group!” 
Before today, Joan had heard from Caspian that M Group had terminated its partnership with Norton Corporation. Hence, she believed that Jake’s attempt to acquire the studio was aimed at taking her down. 
She heaved a sigh, feeling exhausted.
“Ms. Watts…” 
“Hubert, since this has nothing to do with you, allow me to solve this on my own,” Joan interrupted him. 
Judging at how determined Joan was, Hubert decided to it hold his tongue. 
Shortly afterward, the news about the acquisition of the photography studio spread among the staff. As such, everyone couldn’t help but feel dispirited deep down. 
“What should we do? Our team is going to be disbanded.” 
“It won’t happen. Ms. Watts will definitely come up with a solution.” 
“How can she overcome it? I mean, M Group is a large conglomerate!” 
A few staff whispered among themselves pessimistically on the corner. 
“What are you guys doing here? Get back to your desk!” Joan bellowed. 
That was the first time she lost her temper toward her staff. 
Fortunately, they didn’t complain, for they understood the reason behind her anger. 
“Well, let’s continue working and cherish the last moments here,” one of them said when they were going back to their desks. 
Helplessness filled Joan’s mind once she overheard the words. 
At this moment, she felt conflicted. On the one hand, she was reluctant to abandon the photography studio and her team, but on the other hand, she felt guilty toward Jake. 
“Ms. Watts!” As she was deep in thought, the supervisor stood outside and knocked on the door.
“Come in.” 
“Ms. Watts, our photography studio…” 
“Don’t listen to the rumors. Please get back to work!” Joan cut in before she could finish. 
As such, the supervisor bit her tongue and left the office quietly. 
After a while, Joan felt a slight headache. She immediately lay on her desk and closed her eyes to take a break.

###Chapter 2601
Chapter 2601 
Miles away, everyone was busy working in Norton Corporation. At the same time, Larry was troubled by the orders of which M Group had recently canceled. 
“Larry, what do you plan to do about it?” Caspian asked. 
Larry pressed his temples, thinking about possible solutions to the conundrum. 
Suddenly, his eyes beamed as an idea flashed through his mind. He immediately stood up and came up to his desk. 
“Have the products been manufactured?” 
“Yes, the products have been manufactured based on the orders.” 
Caspian couldn’t help but feel bewildered as he was replying to Larry’s question. 
“Larry, since M Group has terminated its partnership with us, why did you…” 
“We still have a lot of partners, am I right? For instance, Della is one of them,” Larry gazed at Caspian and replied seriously. 
Given that Della always wanted to collaborate with Larry, he thought he could also help fulfill her wish through this. 
“Larry, have you really decided to collaborate with Ms. Duff?” Caspian continued asking. 
“Why not? I’m going to expand our business to the international market!” With that, Larry grabbed his jacket and walked out of the office.
Caspian never doubted Larry’s capability for a second. Since he was determined to expand his business, Caspian was willing to support him unconditionally. Besides, Caspian believed that Larry would definitely become a successful international entrepreneur in the future. 
“What did you say? Does Larry really want to collaborate with Della? Is the plan even workable?” Back in Caspian and Jessica’s house, Jessica asked him worriedly. 
“Why isn’t it workable? I mean, they will be official business partners,” Caspian explained. 
I’m afraid that from being business partners, they might eventually become partners on the bed! As the thought flashed through her mind, Jessica looked away disdainfully. 
“Well, don’t overthink it. You know very well that he’s a man with noble values,” Caspian murmured. 
“Yes, and I have faith in his character. However, I doubt whether Della can behave herself,” Jessica replied sarcastically. 
On the surface, Della had given up on Larry, but Jessica was aware that she still had feelings for him. In fact, Della was only waiting for an appropriate opportunity to court him. 
Jessica was confident about her sixth sense. 
However, Joan was completely unaware of it. 
“Alright, don’t talk nonsense to Joan,” Caspian reminded her. 
“Hey, I’m not an idiot. Why would I tell such things to her?” Once Jessica finished, she went into the kitchen. 
Before long, Larry formally established a business partnership with Della. 
“To success!” Della said softly while lifting her wine glass.
“To success!” Larry responded. 
Once their partnership was formalized, Larry’s business was expanded to the international market, while Della’s business also set foot in this country. 
“Larry, rumor has it that Jake wants to acquire Joan’s photography studio,” Meanwhile, Caspian whispered to Larry in the office. 
“I knew that,” Larry replied. 
Caspian was instantly stunned by his calm response. Why is Larry composed since he’s aware of it? 
“Joan will solve it on her own,” Larry added to overcome his qualms. 
Deep down, Larry knew that Joan wouldn’t like it if someone meddled in any affairs related to her photography studio. 
Perhaps, she’ll agree to Jake’s acquisition! Larry stood up and gazed at the sky outside the window calmly as though he was looking forward to seeing how she would deal with it. 
Regardless of her decision, there was no question that he would support her. 
“I want to meet your president!” Miles away, Joan was yelling in the lobby of M. Group. 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Watts. We can’t allow you to meet our president because you don’t have an appointment.” The receptionist declined her request without giving her demand due consideration. 
“Please tell him that Joan Watts wishes to discuss matters related to the photography studio with him,” Joan added determinedly. 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Watts. Please leave,” the receptionist advised.
“Jake, come out!” Joan suddenly shouted at the people on the first floor. 
“Who the hell is that? How can she be so rude?” 
“Well, she’s probably just a shrew.” 
A few staff gazed at Joan with disdain written all over their faces. 
“Who’s making noise out there?” Meanwhile, Jake asked his assistant while reading through some documents in his office.
###Chapter 2602
Chapter 2602 
“It’s…Joan Watts,” Ted stole a glance at Jake before he lowered his head and replied hesitantly. 
What is she doing here? Jake lifted his head instinctively and stared at him in bewilderment. 
Ted explained immediately, “She requested to see you at once regarding the acquisition of the photography studio.” 
Does it mean she has thought it through and is willing to let go of the photography studio? Jake put his pen down and stood up slowly. He walked toward the sofa as snippets of the previous incident flashed across his mind. 
She was flung by me onto the tombstone at that time. Did she sustain any injuries? There was a glint of complex emotions in his eyes. 
No way! Jake Wilson, you mustn’t sympathize with her! She’s the culprit for Faye’s death! Because of her, you have lost the love of your life forever! In a split second, Jake’s eyes were as cold as abyss. 
“Mr. Wilson, should I let her come up or chase her away?” Ted, who was still waiting aside asked warily. 
“Let her come up!” Jake grimaced and bellowed. 
Ted was taken aback by his sudden intimidating vibe. 
“N-noted!” he stuttered before staggering out of Jake’s office. 
“Ms. Watts, our president agrees to see you. This way please…” he gestured to Joan courteously. 
Before he could finish his words, Joan walked past him and went upstairs at once.
Gazing at her figure, he shook his head and let out a deep sigh. 
The moment Joan stepped into Jake’s office, she saw the man sitting idly with legs crossed on the sofa. “Why are you here?” Jake asked Joan directly without lifting his head and sparing a glance at her. 
“Have you made up your mind to acquire the photography studio?” Joan asked softly with a sense of guilt on her face. 
“Yes,” Jake replied coldly with a grim look on his face. 
“I understand that you won’t change your mind anymore. Yet I only have one condition. Can you promise me?” she mustered up her courage and asked tactfully. 
“Huh? One condition? Joan Watts, have you lost your memories? Do you think you still have any rights to negotiate with me now?” he scoffed at her. 
Feeling dejected, Joan was rendered speechless on the instant. 
He’s right. Faye has just passed away. No doubt I have no right to talk things out with him. 
“Jake, I can’t stop you from taking over the photography studio, but can you promise me not to dissolve my team in the photography studio? All of them are very talented and capable…” 
Jake cut her off and snapped, “Joan Watts, this is none of your business once the photography studio is in my possession! The decision lies in my hands!” 
He has really changed! He’s not the same Jake Wilson whom I used to know. It’s because of Faye’s death! 
“Jake, I truly understand that you can never forgive me. However, you can’t treat my people unfairly just because of your abhorrence toward me! All of them are innocent!” Joan yelled at him.
The next moment, Jake walked toward her and glared at her. Taking a deep breath, he turned and snarled coldly, “Thanks for reminding me that the team members are all your people! Since they are all related to you, I’ll kick them one by one out of the photography studio!” 
Instantaneously, Joan’s heart fell. He’s obviously avenging Faye by torturing me! 
“Jake, tell me, what am I supposed to do so you would grant me forgiveness?” Joan asked wearily. 
She still has the nerve to beg for my forgiveness? What nonsense! He snickered silently within himself and stormed out of his office. 
By then, Joan was standing by herself in the room like a lone ranger. 
Looks like he would never forgive me and is determined to kick the whole team out of the photography studio sooner or later. Oh no! All the team members would be jobless because of me! I must find a way to help them! After pondering for a while and trying to cool her head off, Joan left Jake’s office hastily. 
In the photography studio, the employees were huddling over and discussing something in great excitement. 
“Ms. Watts!” one of the employees yelled excitedly the moment Joan’s figure came into view. 
“What are you doing?” Joan asked curiously. 
“We are on strike!” another young employee replied confidently. 
On strike? Are they aware of what they are doing at the moment? Joan was puzzled and looked at them quizzically. 
“Ms. Watts, we have overheard long ago that Jake Wilson is planning to acquire our photography studio. You don’t have to keep it from us anymore. No matter what, we have decided to tag along with
you wherever you go,” the young employee said in high spirits. 
“Yeah, Ms. Watts, we won’t part with you! You’ll be our superior forever!” 
“Ms. Watts, we want to work for you forever! You’re the best leader!” 
On the instant, their words warmed Joan’s heart and choked her up. 
What an outstanding team! I’m really impressed by their strong bond with each other and remarkable team spirit. Too bad Jake is going to dissolve the team right after he acquires the photography studio. 
“Don’t be silly, what can you do if you tag along with me? All of you are capable and will surely have better career advancement elsewhere,” Joan lowered her head and mumbled. 
“Ah! I have an idea! All of us can chip in to set up a photography studio!” one of the photographers’ faces lit up as he yelled jubilantly. 
“Great idea! We can think about it…” 
Within seconds, the employees were chattering excitedly again. 
At the sight of the employees who were willing to continue supporting her in setting up a new studio, Joan’s eyes started to well up with tears. 
It was a blessing for her to have such a supportive team.
###Chapter 2603
Chapter 2603 
After a while, all of them were back to their workstations again and continued with their tasks. Even after they knew that the photography studio would be acquired, the conscientious team decided to carry out their duties till the last minute. 
Meanwhile, Jake’s mother had dropped by his office earlier. Ever since Faye had perished, grief and hatred had turned Jake into a cold-hearted person. He was determined to seek vengeance against the culprit who had caused his beloved woman’s death. Hence, he told himself not to let Joan off easily. In his eyes, the woman with whom he was deeply in love previously had become a murderer who ruined his happiness. He vowed to pay her back on behalf of the love of his life. 
“Do you think it’s appropriate to do so?” she asked him with knitted brows. 
She did not wish to see her son turn into a ruthless person without a sense of sympathy. 
“I don’t see any issues,” he replied placidly. 
“Mom, don’t worry about me. I know what I’m doing. Just go back first,” he added casually. 
“Jake, no matter what you do, I will always be supportive of you. However, I hope you would never be regretful of what you insist to do right now.” 
“Don’t worry. I won’t regret.” 
Heaving a silent sigh, she knew that her son was adamant and would not easily take her advice. She had no choice but to leave his office in silence. 
“Keep an eye on him closely and update me on his whereabouts from time to time,” she instructed Ted, who was seated outside his office.
Ted nodded in acknowledgement as he bowed at her. 
In the meantime, Jake was trying to go through the documents on his desk, yet Faye’s figure was floating in his mind. Earlier on, they had tentatively planned to have their wedding ceremony at the end of the year, yet it had become a dream that was impossible to be fulfilled. He would never have the chance to see her in a wedding gown anymore! My dream is shattered because of Joan Watts! 
Bang! He unleashed the suffocating exasperation by punching hard on the wall. In a blink of an eye, blood dripped from his finger, yet he was oblivious to the pain. It was as if his senses were utterly numbed by the stabbing pain in his heart. 
The photography studio could not be saved from falling into Jake’s hands. On the day he emerged as the official new owner of the company, all the employees followed in Joan’s footsteps and left. 
“Ms. Watts, let’s have a celebration tonight!” one of the young employees suggested eagerly. 
“Everyone, stop calling me Ms. Watts from now onwards. I’m not your leader anymore. Just call me Joan,” Joan said softly in embarrassment. 
“As for the celebration, let’s proceed with it!” she announced. 
What’s there to celebrate? Still in the mood even when we are jobless? Of course we should celebrate since our team is not dissolved! 
“Ah! Isn’t that Joan Watts?” 
Out of a sudden, there was a familiar voice from behind her. 
Isn’t that Abelyn Chipman? Joan put up her guard the moment she saw Abelyn approach her with a meaningful grin.
Wait a minute! The man who stands alongside her is Dustin? 
How did both of them end up together? I never know that they know each other! She gazed at both of them in bewilderment. 
“Joan, how are you?” Dustin gazed at her and greeted her casually. 
“Ms. Chipman, long time no see,” Joan greeted her at once placidly. 
“Yeah, it’s been a while,” Abelyn replied briefly with a sense of sarcasm in her voice. 
“How are things going on with you lately?” she asked further. 
“Everything is fine,” Joan replied indifferently. 
The other employees’ curiosity was piqued as they observed the three of them. Knowing that both of the women were having grudges against each other, they decided to stand up for Joan. 
“Ms. Chipman, we’re grateful to your friends. Because of them, the photography studio had appeared on TV previously and gained popularity in a way!” one of the young employees sneered at her. 
Needless to doubt, Abelyn could sense the hidden meaning behind her words, yet she pretended that she did not sense anything. 
“Stop making any assumptions. I’m on a different stance with them,” Abelyn refuted. 
“They really have no sense of shame,” one of the photographers commented indignantly. 
“Don’t you know that money is power? Nothing is impossible when you have money in your hands! Look at how Jake managed to acquire the photography studio within such as short span of time!” she added arrogantly.
Ever since she knew that Jake was planning to acquire the photography studio, she stopped provoking Joan. Knowing that Jake was far more powerful than her, she could just sit back and wait for him to put Joan in deep waters. 
“Abelyn, mind your words,” Dustin nudged her elbow and reminded her at once. 
“Dustin, both of you know each other?” Joan asked him right away. 
“Of course we know each other. We are best friends,” Abelyn chimed in complacently and held onto Dustin’s arm tightly. 
What? They are close friends? If that’s the case, is Dustin the mastermind manipulating everything all this while? 
“Dustin, please be frank with me. Do you have anything to do with the acquisition of the photography studio?” Joan asked desperately. 
“Who do you think you are to ask such a strange question? Abelyn moved to stand in front of Dustin and said disdainfully.
###Chapter 2604
Chapter 2604 
Dustin remained silent with his head lowered, avoiding having any eye contact with Joan as he was overcome by a sense of guilt. He was aware of the matter, but he was not involved with it. Even so, he was still considered as hurting Joan in a way by keeping mum about it. 
“Alright, I have the answer for myself.” Joan turned and left at once in disappointment. 
“Joan!” the young employee behind her yelled and quickened her pace to catch up with her. 
Dustin’s eyes darkened as Joan’s figure vanished from his view. He did not have any idea how he should explain to her… 
“Joan, try to cool down. There’s no point to cry over spilled milk. The most important thing at the moment is to stay strong and look ahead, isn’t it?” the young employee consoled Joan gently. 
As her senior, Joan definitely knew well about those theories as well. It is really not worth it to brood over something that had happened. I should get over it soon and move on! She was just a bit disappointed with Dustin as she never expected that he would just turn a blind eye to Jake’s plan. 
Forget about it! We are never on the same stance! 
“Let me treat all of you a meal!” she announced sportingly and strode in front of them. 
“Hurray!” Everyone applauded and cheered up in an instant. 
While walking along the way to the place, the employees were joking and bickering around with each other. A few of them were even singing and shaking their bodies. Nobody would have guessed that they were actually a group of people who were jobless at the moment and overcome with career uncertainty. The other pedestrians were intimidated by their exaggerative demeanor when they
shrieked and laughed occasionally. Some of them even suspected that they were intoxicated and tried to walk around them with a strange expression. 
“Slow down! Safety first!” Joan turned to check on them from time to time. 
“Joan, since when you start to nag like my Mom!” one of the young employees could not help feeling amused and burst into laughter. 
“Anyway, you’re still a lot younger than my Mom!” 
“What’re you talking about? How can you be so rude to Joan!” 
The young employees started to play chasing games among themselves again and giggled as they bickered with each other. 
It’s actually good to see them in such a playful way. It means they are not easily shaken by the acquisition of the photography studio. Joan was relieved to see their smiling faces and liveliness. 
The loss of the photography studio did not mark the end of their career. They could start all over again at any time. As long as she had her team by her side, there was nothing to be feared. 
“All of you have put a lot of effort in assisting me all this while. I really appreciate your contribution and support for me. All of you are the best!” Joan raised her wine glass and yelled at them thankfully. 
“From now onwards, our team would never be dissolved, and all of us would never part with each other. Dare to dream and let’s hope for a better future!” Everyone applauded at her motivating words. 
“Cheers!” They clank glasses with each other jovially. 
On the other hand, both Della and Larry were celebrating with each other as well.
“If Joan finds out that both of us are collaborating with each other, she would surely be displeased. What are we supposed to do then?” Della asked directly. 
“It’s just a matter of time. She will get to know about this sooner or later,” Larry replied casually. 
“You’re not worried that she would be green with envy?” she asked tactfully. 
“No, she won’t. I’ve spoken to her about this earlier on,” he explained placidly. 
Della had talked herself into letting go of Larry and giving him her best wishes upon his relationship with Joan. However, she found that she could not put the stunning man in front of her out of her mind as time passed. 
“Larry, if I start to pursue you again one day, what would you do?” Della asked deliberately. 
“You should always look ahead! Don’t look back,” Larry hinted her. 
Della smiled bitterly at Larry’s words. He had emphasized to her previously that there would just be pure friendship between them. She knew that she should move on and avoid dwelling on it. 
Even so, he was still the apple of her eye as no other man could catch her eye. Thus, she would never give up on him. 
“Larry, just answer my question.” She requested a concrete answer from him. 
“Della, I wish to make it clear. If you have other hidden motives behind our collaboration, I would rather it be called off at once,” Larry replied firmly. 
Della was not surprised at his words. In fact, she had predicted that he would answer her in that way.
“Looks like I have nothing that could catch your eye,” Della sighed and finished the wine in her wineglass in one gulp. 
“It has nothing to do with that. After all, we are just business partners,” Larry reminded her. 
He’s really a meticulous man with a sharp sense! Della turned and stared off into the distance out of the window. Her mind sank into deep contemplation. 
She was becoming more frustrated as her heart was filled with resentment. She could not understand why Larry was obsessed with such an ordinary woman like Joan. As a socialite with great charm, she was used to the flattering words from men who fell heads over heels for her. Yet Larry was not the least bit attracted by her! 
“You are a great woman with outstanding looks and capabilities. In fact, there are many other men who are drawn to you. I truly believe you will come across your Mr. Right one day. I hereby wish you all the best in advance!” Larry raised his wineglass at her and took a sip. 
Huh! I’m surprised that such a grandiose statement would be out from his mouth! Della sneered and was at a loss for words.
###Chapter 2605
Chapter 2605 
As expected, he treats me exactly like how he treats any of his clients. He is apparently drawing a line between us with his courtesy, humility, and flattery. 
“Thanks for the best wishes,” Della forced a smile and replied. 
Late at night, both Larry and Joan were in the living room. “What do you plan to do?” he turned to ask Joan who was seated beside him on the sofa. 
She was staring into space and lost in her own thoughts. 
At the moment, she was feeling dispirited like an inflated balloon. 
She had lost her confidence all of a sudden as she was unable to foresee where she stood in the future. Apart from that, she could not assure that there would not be any changes to the team as well. 
“If you plan to set up a new photography studio, I can invest in it,” Larry offered her. 
The plan had crossed his mind long ago, yet Joan had rejected him right away when he brought up the topic. 
She hoped she could sort things out and pursue her career with her own capabilities, and not just solely relying on Larry. 
“No, thanks,” Joan turned him down again softly as she stood up and moved toward the window. 
She has really changed! Gazing at Joan who was standing by the window, there were indecipherable complex emotions in his eyes. 
Perhaps, I need to give her more time to ponder before she finally finds her direction!
“Why do both of you stay up till now? Is there anything?” Delilah asked them with great concern. 
“Ms. Young,” Joan turned instinctively and greeted her. 
“It’s getting late. Both of you’d better go to bed soon. Don’t forget that you need to wake up early tomorrow morning. Oh yeah, Joan, I almost forget to tell you that Dustin came and looked for you today.” She yawned and walked straight into her own room. 
The moment Larry heard about Dustin’s name, a wave of fury surged within him. 
“What did he want with you?” he frowned at once and asked in exasperation. 
“I have no idea,” Joan replied. 
At the peak of frustration due to the acquisition of the photography studio, she was emotionally exhausted and was unable to spare any second on other matters. 
“Let’s go to bed.” Larry stood up and walked into the bedroom. 
Joan entered the room after him and lay down silently beside him on the bed. Nevertheless, it was a sleepless night for her. As time elapsed, she continued to stay awake with her eyes widely open. Staring into the darkness outside the window, her gaze drifted off into deep contemplation. 
The next morning, Larry woke up really early. He stretched his arms and turned to his side. To his surprise, he was alone on the bed. Where did she go? He looked around the room, yet there was no sign of her. 
Did she stay up the whole night? 
“Joan!” He dashed out of the bedroom at once and yelled in the direction of the living room. 
“She has stepped out long ago!” Delilah responded from the kitchen.
“Where did she go?” 
“I’m not really sure. She mentioned something like she’s going to meet her team members from the photography studio,” Delilah replied. 
She is reluctant to accept it when I offered to help her, yet she is thinking of setting up a new photography studio. How is she supposed to set up one without anyone’s help? I really don’t understand why is she making her own life difficult! 
In the park, a group of people was gathering and they seemed to be discussing something excitedly. Joan’s arrival had spurred their excitement. 
“Joan, have you thought it through and make up your mind?” a young employee asked softly. 
Ever since their photography studio was acquired by Jake, they did not have a proper workplace. Since Joan was still in the midst of setting up a new company, they could only gather temporarily in the park, brainstorming on the future implementation for the new photography studio in advance. 
“Setting up a new photography studio is not as simple as what we think. First of all, we need a large sum as our fund. Yet we don’t have any sponsor…” Joan said hesitantly. 
She was looking forward to setting up a new photography studio so there would be a new workplace for the other employees. Nevertheless, she knew that she was still sort of in a recovery state and not prepared to overcome any potential obstacles after the new set-up. 
I must think before I leap. At least I should have a backup plan so I won’t be helpless in case I encounter any financial crisis after setting up the new photography studio! 
“Joan, you are afraid, aren’t you?” one of the young employees asked her directly.
She could not deny that her heart was filled with inexplicit uneasiness at the moment. After all, women, in general, were not as decisive as men and tended to spend more time contemplating prior to decision-making. 
“Don’t be afraid!” A familiar voice sounded abruptly from her back. 
Joan turned spontaneously and was surprised to see Caiden. “Why are you here?” she gazed at Caiden and asked surprisingly. 
“I heard that you are setting up a new photography studio?” He smiled at the crowd in front of him and asked directly. 
“Yeah, we are still planning on it.” Joan replied frankly. 
“Do you want to invest in it?” One of the photographers asked jokingly. 
“Why not! You can count me in on that!” Caiden replied casually. 
In an instant, everyone was dumbfounded. 
“Are you joking?” A young employee asked in disbelief. 
“Of course not! I’m serious with that!” Caiden shook his head and replied firmly.
###Chapter 2606
Chapter 2606 
Joan was overwhelmed by Caiden’s sudden decision. 
“Joan, I plan to set up a new photography studio. If you are willing to join me, you can bring along your whole team to work for me there. If not, I’ll invest in your new photography studio if you plan to set up one,” Caiden gazed seriously at Joan and said softly. 
His words brightened up everyone at once. They exchanged looks with each other jubilantly. 
Joan turned to look at her employees one by one. All of them nodded eagerly at her, urging her to take his suggestion. 
“Why are you thinking of setting up a photography studio all of a sudden?” she asked curiously. 
“Of course it’s to gain profit. Money is never enough for a businessman!” Caiden winked at her and replied casually. 
Caiden actually intended to lend Joan a hand in setting up the new photography studio. Nonetheless, he knew well that she was a woman of great pride and would not easily accept his generous offer. Thus, he could only tell white lies so as not to trigger her suspicion. 
“Joan, why not we join his company and work for him?” one of the employees ran toward her and whispered into her ears. 
Joan looked at Caiden hesitantly. 
I’d better think it through and avoid making rash decision. 
“Caiden, we are talking about setting up a new company. This is no joke,” she reminded him.
“I’m being serious and I really mean it,” Caiden replied firmly. 
The other employees sensed the suddenly tense atmosphere and dragged the young employee aside, giving both of them space to talk things out. 
“Joan, don’t think too much. I just intend to work together with you.” Caiden tried to convince her. 
Is he telling the truth? Joan gazed at him suspiciously as she fell into deep thought. 
Will Larry opposed to it if I really work for Caiden? She was in dilemma and could see no way out. 
Caiden’s phone buzzed abruptly. 
“Joan, I get to go now. Take my suggestions into consideration and think about them. I’ll wait for your reply.” He walked away as he was engaged in a phone conversation. 
All the employees moved forward instantly and surrounded Joan. 
“Joan, how did you reply him?” 
“Did you accept his proposals?” 
“I feel that he’s not a bad guy. I bet there won’t be any issues to trust him.” 
Joan’s temple started to throb as all of them were mumbling non-stop. 
“What do you think about his suggestion?” Joan asked for their opinions. 
Joan could be the sole decision-maker since she was their leader. However, she was never the type of superior who was domineering and self-centered. As a caring superior, she tended to take her subordinates’ opinions into consideration. That was why all the other employees were respectful of her.
“I’m thinking of having a try.” 
“I have the same thought too.” 
Within a short span of time, they had a conclusion. 
Joan finally made up her mind and gave Caiden a call. 
“If we choose to work for you, when do we need to report for work?” she asked directly. 
Caiden was on cloud nine the moment Joan asked him the question. Ah! So she’s thinking of accepting my offer! 
“I will get the related agreement on the setting up of the photography studio signed this afternoon. All of you can report for duty tomorrow,” he replied excitedly. 
Staring at her phone, Joan was thinking hard about how she should explain to Larry about her decision to work for Caiden. 
“Joan, what’s the matter with you? You are not happy that we will start working in the new company?” one of the employees asked. 
“Of course not. I’m glad about that,” Joan squeezed a smile and replied nonchalantly. 
She was actually troubled when something came into her mind. The Owens family would surely have a misunderstanding about my relationship with Caiden if I join his company. 
Anyway, it’s not the time to be bothered about that at the moment. Let’s see how things turn out then. After taking a deep breath, she continued to have further discussions with the employees pertaining to the matters of reporting for work at the new photography studio.
The next day, Joan led her team to Caiden’s newly set up photography studio. 
“You’ll be fully in charge of this photography studio,” Caiden told Joan directly in his office. 
Joan nodded in acknowledgement without saying anything. 
Outside the office, all the employees were discussing their career advancement blissfully. 
“You have a righteous and ambitious team. I’m looking forward to their contribution in gaining profit for the company. In return, I would reward all of them accordingly,” Caiden added casually. 
Joan chuckled knowingly at his businesslike tone and countenance. 
As a typical business-minded entrepreneur, the profit gained really mattered a lot to him. Thus, he was indirectly hinting that he had a high expectation of the efficiency of the employees at work. Apart from Joan, any of them could be asked to leave at any time if they were unable to meet his expectation in the future.
###Chapter 2607
Chapter 2607 
“It’s a pleasure to be working with you.” Caiden held out his hand toward Joan, who shook his hand readily. 
“The pleasure’s mine,’ she said. 
After sorting out some details of their collaboration, Caiden left the photography studio in full faith that Joan would be able to handle everything well. 
“Are we gonna do some marketing, Ms. Watts?” one of the young employees asked. 
Before Joan could reply, a photographer interrupted excitedly. “Of course! We should distribute some flyers.” 
Opposite them, Joan nodded approvingly at the idea. “Alright then, we’ll go give out some flyers. I’ll treat y’all to dinner for helping me.” 
“That’s so nice of you, Ms. Watts!” Everyone at the office was all fired up for their new endeavor. 
Joan smiled at the thrilled lot and pulled out her phone to make a call. “Hi, Ms. Young, I’ll be eating out tonight,” she said softly, going over to the window. 
“Someone’s buying you dinner?” Delilah asked incisively. 
“I’m working late tonight, so…” 
Joan’s voice trailed off as she contemplated what she should say. She was still not prepared to tell Delilah and Larry everything yet. 
On the other end, Delilah felt her hesitation. “Is everything okay, Joan?”
“I’m fine, don’t worry. I have to get going. I’ll see you later. B-bye!” 
Delilah looked at the phone in her hand apprehensively after Joan hung up. She was worried. 
Why was she stuttering? Is everything alright? 
The night was descending as the lonesome moon crept up the sky. The glaring lights from cars speeding down the road shone through the almost empty street as impatient drivers hurried home. 
“Why don’t we continue tomorrow, Ms. Watts? It’s getting cold, and people are leaving already,” one of the workers asked. 
Joan looked around the vacant street and asked them to go home first. 
None of them expected the weather to get this cold. 
After all the others had left, Joan sat down on a stone chair beside the road, staring pensively at the pile of flyers in her hands. 
“What are you doing here?” A voice rang in the cold night. 
Hearing the familiar voice, she stood up and turned toward Larry as she hid the flyers behind her so he could not see it. 
“There’s no use hiding. I saw everything,” he said lowly, walking toward her. 
“What are you doing here?” Joan asked disconcertedly. 
“I came here to send you your clothes.” He held out a bag toward her. 
Joan shifted her gaze from his face and looked at the bag in his hands. A wave of warmth filled her heart.
She had no clue if Larry would be mad about her working at Caiden’s photography studio, but she knew Larry would not feel comfortable about it. 
“Let’s go home,” he said. 
“Larry, I…” 
“It’s okay. I respect your decision.” 
He would never dig deeper into the past. 
“Are you angry?” Joan’s voice softened as she examined his face for a hint. 
Larry was upset, but not anymore. 
“I’m okay.” He let out a sigh and hugged her by the waist as both of them left. 
Joan leaned closer into his arms like a tame cat coveting some warmth from his embrace. 
Back at Delilah’s house, Lucius was doing his homework when the two arrived. 
“You guys are back,” Delilah greeted them at the door. 
“Yeah, we’re back.” 
“I thought you said you wouldn’t be back early, Joan?” 
Delilah went up to her and took a good look at her from head to toe. 
“What’s the matter, Ms. Young?” Joan blinked her eyes in confusion looking at the worried woman. 
“Are you alright?” Ms. Young asked.
###Chapter 2608
Chapter 2608 
“Huh? I’m fine.” 
Joan’s swift answer put Delilah’s heart to rest. 
“Mom! Come over and put your signature here,” Lucius beckoned from the room. 
“Right away!” Joan went over upon hearing her son. 
Delilah cast her suspecting gaze at Larry after Joan left. 
“Everything’s okay. Don’t worry,” he assured, patting her on the shoulder. 
Everyone went to bed for an early rest. The next day, Joan rose early and went to the photography studio without even having breakfast. 
“Morning, Ms. Watts. Do you need any help?” Caiden greeted her first thing when he saw her at the office. 
Joan looked at the man sitting comfortably on the couch and shot him a rigid smile. 
“I’m fine.” 
“You sure?” 
“Yeah. Don’t worry.” 
Since she insisted that she could handle things on her own, Caiden left the studio after hanging around for a short five minutes. 
After he left, the supervisor came over. “Ms. Watts, I think we need to recruit more people.”
“I think we’re doing just fine though,” Joan replied. 
Caiden had not told her about his arrangement. 
“It’s impossible we could do all this on our own,” the supervisor said. 
Do what? What is there to do? Joan lifted her befuddled gaze. 
“Mr. Owens struck a deal with a client. It’s a huge project…” 
Joan finally understood why Caiden came to the photography studio this morning. 
A frown settled on her brows. She did not like the way he handled things. 
Over at the villa, Abelyn was sitting nonchalantly on the sofa sipping from a cup of warm coffee. 
“Joan is really something,” she commented, putting down her coffee. 
“What are you trying to do this time?” Dustin asked anxiously without losing a moment. 
“What’s with the tone? It’s not like I’ll kill her.” Abelyn shot him a quick glare. 
Dustin evaded her stare and buried himself in the newspapers in his hands. God knows what you’re capable of? 
“Jake had already acquired the photography studio, so you’d better stop here and leave Joan alone,” Dustin warned her severely. 
That will depend on my mood. Abelyn walked to the balcony and tilted her head upward. She closed her eyes, enjoying the caress of the gentle breeze.
Dustin’s gaze trailed her movement and the man wondered what was going on in her mind. A shadow of sadness crept past his face as he looked at her. 
Over at the photography studio, everyone went into action and got to work. 
Despite her busy schedule, Joan managed to balance her life well. She and Larry went to work in the morning and spent time together at night. Life was simple but blissful. 
Life went on like this until a man came looking for her at the studio unannounced. “Ms. Watts, someone’s waiting for you,” an employee informed. 
An inexplicable sense of uneasiness developed in Joan’s heart. 
She went into her office and saw a man sitting on the couch. From his back, she felt the man was somewhat familiar. 
“Morning. I heard you’re looking…” 
The man stood up and turned around before she could finish. 
“Mr. Owens?” 
It was Caiden’s father. 
“Morning, Ms. Watts,” he greeted coldly, “I bet you’re feeling good about yourself. Not only do you have this whole studio under your control, but you also have Caiden in your hands.” 
Joan was appalled by the amount of bitterness in his tone. 
What are you even talking about? I’m just an ordinary employee here.
“I believe there’s a misunderstanding, Mr. Owens. Things are not as you imagined it to be.” 
“Tell me, what do I have to do to make you leave him?” Keith cut to the chase. 
His undisguised intention disconcerted Joan. 
She knew Keith would in no way let her come close to Caiden, although both of them were really just friends. 
“I’m sure Caiden will give you a satisfactory explanation, Mr. Owens.” 
“Don’t you even utter his name. You are not worthy!” 
Over on the outside, all the employees were eyeing the two in the office. They were afraid something would happen to Joan. 
Two of them seemed to be engaged in a heated argument. One of the women could not stand it any longer, so she pulled out her phone and made a call.
###Chapter 2609
Chapter 2609 
“Mr. Owens? There’s an old man over here at the studio. He’s been in Ms. Watts’ office for some time…” 
Not long after Caiden received the call, a black car pulled up by the studio’s entrance. 
“What’s going on?” Caiden ran in and asked. 
“I’m not sure, but the old man sure looks fierce.” The woman who called filled him in on what was happening. 
Caiden dashed into the office and finally saw the visitor. 
What is he doing here? 
Both Keith and Joan were startled to see Caiden himself at the office door. 
“What are you doing here?” the old man roared with dissatisfaction written all over his face. 
“I should be the one asking this question, Dad.” 
Everyone were shocked to hear Caiden’s blatant reply. 
“He’s Mr. Owens’ dad?” one of the whispered. 
“Oh my gosh. I can’t believe I just badmouthed him.” 
The air suddenly became cold in the studio. 
“Mr. Owens, I think you should step in and explain things,” Joan remarked before stepping out.
All she wanted was to do her job and lead her team well. She had no intention whatsoever in meddling with the Owens’ family affairs. 
“What do you want to say, Dad?” Caiden sat down on the other end of the couch. 
“Why is she working here? Why did you even open a new photography studio?” 
“I’m a businessman. I want to earn money.” 
What a joke! Keith scoffed and turned away. He took deep breaths to calm down the raging fury in his heart. 
Our family is not in need of money! 
“Close this studio, or lay her off,” the spiteful old man seethed. 
“You asked me to return to the company, and I did. I went back and did everything you asked me to do. You asked me to start a business, and that was exactly what I did too. I put in all my effort to seal as many deals as I can, but this does not mean you can control every single thing I do! Besides, it’s not like I did something wrong.” 
Keith was totally not expecting his son to speak his mind so argumentatively. 
What Caiden said was true. Ever since he went back to the Owens family, what he did was beyond expectation, and Keith was satisfied with his performance, yet things changed when Joan appeared. This made him scared. He was afraid his son would give up on his ambitions because of this woman— he was afraid his son might give up on the family. 
Caiden knew his father’s concern. “I promise I’ll never forsake the family, neither will I leave the company.”
Keith looked at Joan indecisively. “But she…” 
“No buts,” Caiden cut him short. 
The old man grunted and finally nodded. As long as he had Caiden’s words, he would tolerate Joan’s presence in his son’s life. 
Not long after, the father and son walked out the office. 
“What’s going on, Ms. Watts? Why did the two Owens come to see you?” the young woman asked. 
“Mind your own business.” Joan flicked her forehead and pulled her back to work. 
Joan felt awkward facing all the employees at the studio, so she went into her office. 
She flung herself on the couch and stared right into the ceiling. She felt so weighed down by everything that was happening in her life. 
“Are you okay?” Caiden had come in without her realizing it. 
“I thought you left?” She turned and looked at him in bewilderment. 
“I went down to send him off.” 
“I see. Don’t worry, I’m fine.” 
“I won’t let this happen again,” he assured. 
Joan was not sure if she should take his word for it. 
Over at the meeting room in Norton Corporation, things were not going easy for Larry as well, especially when all the shareholders were looking at him condescendingly.
“Mr. Norton, I don’t think your proposal is gonna work,” an old shareholder said. 
“What’s your take on this matter then?” Larry solicited his opinion humbly. 
He knew there would be an ion to his proposal to restructure, so he came prepared. 
“It’s just too risky. The company has always opted for safer options. We can’t just change our operating strategy overnight.”
###Chapter 2610
Chapter 2610 
“Yeah, we’re not young anymore. It’s not like we can still take unwarranted risks.” 
“Exactly. You can’t expect us to keep up with the young people these days,” another added. 
A few shareholders said their minds without reservation, expressing without concealing their discontent toward Larry. 
We’re gonna see how long you can last. Larry looked into their eyes as they tried to coerce him to back off. 
“I know it’s difficult to see the potential in this change, but I can guarantee…” 
“What can you guarantee? What can you do if the company goes bankrupt?” One of them stood up and mocked. 
Everyone in the meeting room became increasingly pugnacious. 
Caspian charged toward the impudent old man, but Larry caught him by the arm. 
“I still have something else to do, so please excuse me, Mr. Norton,” one of them said. 
Larry totally expected their change in attitude. 
He had heard that some of them had colluded with each other to oust him from Norton Corporation. Now that he interacted with them, it only confirmed what he heard. 
“Larry, are you gonna just let them be?” Caspian asked with question marks in his eyes. 
This was not the Larry he knew.
“Just let them be. It won’t be long before they change their minds,” Larry assured. 
Caspian did not know what plan Larry had in mind, but he believed Larry had everything under control. 
“Are you okay?” Jessica asked, walking over. 
She had heard about what happened from her assistant and she came over out of worry. 
“I’m good.” 
Jessica was clearly not convinced. She turned and looked at Caspian, who did not say a word but simply nodded. She knew they must have everything planned. 
“Do you need any help?” she asked after understanding what was going on. 
Jessica’s business was going on well and she now had an extensive network of connections. She knew she would be able to assist Larry. 
“Nope, I’m good.” 
That’s it? Jessica scrutinized Larry’s expression but found nothing out of the norm. It seemed like the situation did not bug him at all. 
After she made sure everything was alright, Jessica left. 
Since business was good at her bookstore, she had opened up a few branches. This business endeavor itself was enough to keep her occupied, but her heart was still not at peace after she walked out of Norton Corporation. 
She squinted her eyes at the sky as she thought about what she should do. 
I’ll go look for Joan.
With that in mind, she went over to the photography studio. 
When Jessica arrived, Joan was at her table learning new things about photography. As the person in charge of the studio, she took it on herself to improve her knowledge about her field of work. 
“Joan!” Jessica cried out as she barged in. 
“Hi! What are you doing here?” 
“I came because I miss you,” Jessica answered cheekily, “How’s everything here at the studio?” 
“All good.” 
Outside the office, a photographer had his eyes fixed on Jessica ever since she came in. 
“Hey, what are you doing?” His female supervisor patted him on the shoulder. 
“Oh, nothing.” The man quickly collected himself and shook his head. 
A playful smile played on her lips looking at his reaction. 
“Don’t tell me you fell for her?” she asked. 
“Come on, I just think she looks familiar.” 
Back in the office, Joan asked for an update from Jessica. “How’s everything?”
###Chapter 2611
Chapter 2611 
What? Do you mean me or Larry? Jessica went closer to Joan and looked at her with a flicker of mischief in her eyes. 
“Well, I’m all good. It’s Larry that’s a little busy right now.” 
Joan’s eyes widened at the mention of Larry’s name. 
It had been days since the both of them had had a proper meal together. 
We’re both busy. Joan sighed as she typed away on her laptop. 
“I heard this studio belongs to Caiden?” Jessica asked. 
“Yeap.” 
Jessica still could not understand why Larry would agree to Joan working here. 
“How’s Larry?” Joan finally asked. 
“Hm, I’m not sure myself, but I feel like you should spend more time with him.” 
Before Joan could reply, a knock came from the door. “Ms. Watts? I need your signature on this document,” the supervisor said, coming in. 
After handing Joan the document, she stole a look at Jessica and nodded approvingly before leaving. 
What’s she smiling at? Jessica frowned looking at the retreating woman. 
She’s not a lesbian, is she? Jessica blinked her eyes in disbelief and took deep breaths.
“What’s wrong with you?” Joan inquired. 
“Nothing.” 
What’s with her queer behavior? Joan shook her head and looked back at her laptop. 
“Is Jasper still bothering you?” 
Gloom covered Jessica’s face as soon as she heard Joan’s question. 
Everything in her life changed ever since Jasper appeared. Her days were filled with fear and anxiety ever since she met him. 
She thought she could have a quiet life with Caspian, but Jasper’s appearance had made things difficult for them. 
“What’s going on?” Joan spotted the change in her expression. 
“Nothing much happened. He went back to his hometown.” 
Joan understood with just one look what Jasper had put her through. It must be difficult for her. 
“By the way, why does that man keep looking at me?” Jessica asked, pointing at the photographer outside. 
“Because you’re pretty.” 
Jessica could not help but feel that the man looked particularly familiar. 
It was finally lunch break. The two women went out of the office when it was time. 
“Did you come to see me just because you want me to treat you to a meal?” Joan joked.
“Hey, Larry is so rich, and you’re his wife. What’s wrong with you buying your sister-in-law a meal?” Jessica sulked. 
Joan’s eyes glistened in excitement. 
“Sister-in-law?” Are you and Caspian getting married?” She nudged Jessica on the shoulder and asked as they walked toward a restaurant. 
Jessica was not in a rush to get married, but once she had made up her mind about a man, she would not give up easily. 
“What do you want to eat?” She diverted the topic. 
“You haven’t answered my question,” Joan pestered. 
“Fine. This meal’s on me.” 
Joan stopped asking immediately and snatched the menu away from Jessica’s hands. 
If she knew Jessica wanted to buy her a meal, she would have asked everyone at the photography studio to tag along. 
“Do you want some alcohol?” 
“No,” Joan rejected her offer. 
It was too early for a booze. 
“Come on, I know you can drink. It’s not like you’ll get drunk.” 
“I’m not drinking. I’m leaving if you are.” Speaking, Joan gestured to leave.
“Hey! Don’t! I’m just kidding,” Jessica quickly added, pulling her back. 
She signaled the waiter over and ordered. “We’ll have two lemonades…” 
“Ms. Watts?”
###Chapter 2612
Chapter 2612 
It was none other than the photographer who was staring at Jessica back at the studio. 
“Have you eaten?” Joan asked. 
“Yeap, I just had lunch” 
Opposite Joan, Jessica fell into silence looking at the man. 
She was sure she had seen him somewhere. Likewise, the man turned toward her and gazed at her with a strange look on his face. 
Joan sensed their awkward interaction and began to worry. 
Don’t tell me she fell for him at first sight. What will happen to Caspian then? 
“Well, then I’ll see you at the office.” Joan decided to step in. 
“Sure. Enjoy the meal,” the man said and left without staying any longer. 
A frown spread across Jessica’s brows as she watched the man leave. 
“What’s going on? Don’t tell me you fell for him.” 
“Hell no. I just feel like I’ve seen him somewhere before.” 
But where though? Dang, I really can’t recall! 
“You should stop thinking about him. You’re already taken,” Joan snapped Jessica out of it. 
“I know!” Jessica looked at her from the corner of her eyes.
Meanwhile, the photographer was also having a hard time. He sank at the table trying to remember where he saw Jessica before after he got back to the studio. He took out his laptop and started scrolling through his photo albums. 
When he was perusing his family album, a small picture came into sight and a girl quickly caught his attention. 
The girl had her hair tied up in a ponytail and was smiling sweetly, revealing two snaggleteeth that made her look more adorable. 
Wait… 
The man fell into deep thoughts looking at the photo. 
It took him a while to finally recall something. 
He fell into the river when he was a young boy. It was this girl who came to his rescue. She dived into the river and saved him like a heroine. 
A smile slowly curved on his lips as he reminisced about what happened. 
Back at the restaurant, Jessica went straight to the bookstore after the meal while Joan returned to the studio. 
“Ms. Watts, may I know the name of the woman you went out with just now?” The man came into her office after she got back. 
Joan suddenly had her guard up. She shot the man a hesitant look, thinking what he was trying to do. 
She observed him closely, trying to decipher his intention. 
“Why do you ask?” she asked directly.
Everyone at the office knew this was how Joan usually spoke. She was a forthright person, so the photographer came clean with her. 
“She saved me once.” 
He could understand Joan’s worry, so he told her everything from the beginning. 
“So she saved you when you two were kids?” Joan asked after the man finished telling his story. 
“That’s right.” 
Wow! I didn’t know Jessica is such a brave girl. She’s simply as courageous as any man. 
“Her name is Jessica,” Joan told him. 
No wonder Jessica looked like she was in a daze back there. So this is the story! 
Despite knowing what happened between the two, Joan still hoped both of them were just friends. 
“She’s already taken, so don’t get carried away,” she reminded the man as he walked out. 
“Thanks for letting me now.” 
Joan went over to the window and looked outward in resignation as she pondered about what she just heard from the man. Is this fate? 
Over at the bookstore, Jessica was seated on the couch flipping through the magazine. She looked distracted as the man’s face kept coming back to mind no matter how hard she tried to focus. 
Gosh! Why do I keep thinking about him?
###Chapter 2613
Chapter 2613 
“What’s the matter?” Caspian came over and asked. 
“It’s nothing,” she replied immediately, “Let’s go home.” 
She threw the magazine on the table and left. 
Caspian caught a glimpse of her sulky face and knew she was going to throw a tantrum again. Did I do something wrong? He followed after her in a servile manner as if he was waiting for an order from her. 
“How’s Larry?” she asked. 
“He’s fine. You don’t have to worry about a single thing.” 
Jessica turned her face and glared at him What should I worry about then? 
“What’s wrong with you, Jessica? Are you feeling okay?” 
Seriously, do I look sick? Don’t you know girls like compliments when they’re not in a good mood? Jessica held his hand and both of them prepared to go home. 
“Jessica?” 
A familiar and steady voice called out to her as they were going out of the bookstore. Jessica whipped her head and saw the photographer smiling at her. 
“Hi. Are you here to get books?” she asked, reciprocating his smile. 
“Do you still remember me?” 
Huh? Of course. I just saw you in the afternoon. Jessica nodded her head slowly.
“I mean, we met when we were a lot younger,” the man explained. 
Her eyes widened in disbelief. She was anticipating the man to tell her more. 
“You saved me back then,” the man told her eagerly. 
Ah! I finally remember! 
Caspian shot the man a defensive glare. “Who’s this guy?” 
“We’re playmates when we were young,” Jessica replied. 
Her answer did not put Caspian at ease. He felt the man had an ulterior motive for getting close to her girlfriend. 
“So it’s you. I’m glad I was able to help. I just learned how to swim back then.” Jessica ignored Caspian and talked to the man, who was clearly excited to see her again. 
She’s still as beautiful and kind. 
“Jessica, we should head back already.” 
Caspian interrupted because their reunion seemed absurd to him. 
“Sure, let’s go,” Jessica agreed readily as she looked at the man again, “I’ll see you around.” She waved the photographer goodbye and left with Caspian. 
Caspian held her tightly by the waist as they walked along the street. “Does that guy like you or something?” 
“What are you even talking about? I just met him today!”
“Don’t you dare do anything sneaky behind my back, alright? You’re mine.” Caspian knocked her playfully in the forehead. 
“I only have eyes for you.” 
Behind them, the photographer went back to work after the couple left. After Caiden had convinced his father, business went on as usual and everyone worked hard. 
Likewise, Larry was also working diligently at his office, trying to push through the company’s restructuring, but things seemed to have taken a bad turn for Joan. Jake was still not letting her off the hook. 
“What do you want, Jake?” Joan asked, looking at the man. 
“I said I won’t let you have it easy,” he said squarely. 
I knew it! 
“Jake, you know I’m deeply sorry about Faye. It’s not like I wanted her dead!” 
“Shut up!” Jake shouted, “Who are you to say her name?” 
Joan jumped when he suddenly raised his voice. She knew he was a cold and cruel man. He was not someone anyone could afford to meddle with. Once he had his eyes fixated on an enemy, that person would never getaway. 
“Tell me, what do you want me to do to appease your anger?” 
“I want you dead.” 
Joan’s heart sunk at his answer.
So this is how much you hate me? Hopelessness overwhelmed her and she turned and left.
###Chapter 2614
Chapter 2614 
Back then, he would follow her around bugging her about his feelings, but now, he followed her around because he wanted revenge. 
Watching her departing in dejection, an incomprehensible sense of disappointment budded in Jake’s heart. 
What’s wrong with me? Why am I even feeling sad? Why am I heartbroken to see her like this? Jake slapped his forehead, trying to get a grip of himself. 
No way. She killed Faye. He clenched his fists and walked away. 
Joan did not go back to the studio for fear of affecting other people who were working, so she decided to go home instead. 
“Hey, Joan, are you okay?” Delilah noticed her downcast face and immediately asked if something came up. 
“It’s no big deal.” 
Well, your face says otherwise. 
“Joan, you should open up to me if something’s worrying you. I know I might not be able to be of help, but you’ll get to vent at least.” 
Joan felt touched. She went over to Delilah and sat down beside her. 
“I’m so tired…” She hugged Delilah weakly. 
“Hey, what’s the matter?”
“I met Jake when I was on the way back to the office.” 
Jake! That explains the look on her face. Delilah’s gaze softened with tenderness as she looked at Joan. 
She knew Joan still had not gotten over Faye’s death. 
Although Joan did not seem like she was affected, she would cry her heart out when she was alone. 
“What did Jake say to you?” 
“He said he’d never forgive me.” 
Delilah’s expression became grim. 
Faye’s death was undeniably an accident, but Jake refused to accept it and blamed it all on Joan instead. The thought infuriated Delilah. 
She felt she needed to go and talk to Jake. 
She patted Joan on the back lightly to comfort her. “There’s nothing you can do to change his mind, so don’t let it bother you. Go and get some rest. You still need to work tomorrow.” 
Despite what Delilah said to make her feel better, Joan knew there was no way she could focus on work. She got up and went back to the room in low spirits. 
Watching her leave, Delilah pulled out her phone and made a call. 
“We need to talk.” She went straight to the point after the call went through. 
“There’s nothing to talk about,” Jake rejected her invite without a second thought.
“Not even for a cup of coffee?” Delilah’s tone became more moderate. 
“Alright.” 
After Jake hung up, Delilah went to her room and got a change before leaving. 
When she arrived at the cafe, Jake was sitting on one corner of a couch, stirring his cup of coffee casually. 
“What do you want to talk about?” he asked when he saw Delilah. 
Since he was so straightforward, Delilah did not see why she should not be. “You need to get over Faye’s death, Jake.” 
A scowl came on his face. 
Get over it? Am I supposed to forget she died because of Joan? Over my dead body! 
“If you’re here just to persuade me to reconcile with Joan, you’re wasting your time.” Jake turned his gaze away and sipped his coffee. 
“Why are you so adamant about getting revenge? I thought you used to like Joan? Delilah questioned him, “Besides, it’s not like she did anything to Faye!” 
“Ms. Young!” Jake’s grip tightened around the cup in his hands, his eyes glistening in fury. 
“I don’t want to talk about the past,” his tone lowered as he tried to control his raging emotions. 
“You don’t want to dwell in the past, but you’re the one who refuses to let Joan off.”
###Chapter 2615
Chapter 2615 
Jake could not take her impetration anymore, so he walked out of the cafe without another word. 
Did he really fall for Faye? Sorrow overshadowed her face as Delilah watched him leave. She badly wanted him and Joan to patch things up, but judging from his reaction, there was little hope. 
She sat in the cafe alone as she browsed through her contact list. 
Soon, Jessica arrived. 
“Anything, Ms. Young?” Jessica asked after she reached. 
“I just feel like treating you to a cup of coffee.” 
Really? Jessica surveyed her face, thinking there must be more to it. 
Delilah was not someone who liked hanging out. She must be here to ask for help. 
“Ms. Young, we’re no strangers, so there’s no need to beat around the bush. You may just be frank with me.” Jessica shot her an assuring smile. 
“How’s Larry recently?” 
“Larry? He’s good.” Jessica was bewildered that was Delilah’s first question. 
“But I heard Della’s back?” 
Jessica paused for a moment and quickly recollected herself. 
“Yes, she’s back, but they’re just business partners.”
“What about in the future?” Delilah continued asking. 
In the future? Even Jessica could not give her a definite answer. She shunned Delilah’s scrutinizing gaze and took up her cup, trying to cover up her nervousness. 
“Are you not gonna be honest with me?” Delilah smacked the table and raised her voice. 
Is this why Larry has not been home these days? Is he “working” with Della? Delilah’s heart was brimming with disgruntlement. Since Jessica could not give her an answer, she left soon after without the slightest idea of what Larry was facing over at Norton Corporation. 
“Larry, want to grab a meal together?” Over at the company, Della asked Larry out. 
“You go ahead. I still have some things I need to look into,” Larry turned her down without even looking up. 
A smile played on Della’s lips as she watched him work assiduously. This is why I like you. 
“Larry!” Caspian barged in and exclaimed. 
“What’s up?” 
“Ms. Young’s here.” 
Larry got on his feet and went out of his office. 
“What brings you here, Ms. Young?” he asked, ushering her into the room. 
“I’m here to see for myself what you’re busying yourself with,” Delilah said, walking right into his office. 
“I packed your meal. Here it is.” She put down the lunch box in her hand after she got it.
“Oh! I didn’t know there’s another person. I’m sorry I only packed a meal for one.” Delilah glared at Della from the corner of her eyes acrimoniously. 
“How do you do, Ms. Young?” Della greeted her politely. 
“I’m not good. My back sores lately,” Delilah answered impatiently. 
Looking at the two women, an imminent sense of foreboding descended upon Caspian. 
Is she here to create a scene? He took a step back and nudged Larry on the arm, hinting to him that things were about to get ugly. 
Larry already knew what Delilah was thinking. He wanted to explain everything to her, but she did not even give him a chance. 
“Actually, you don’t need to come all the way to send me a meal. I can well…” 
“What are you gonna do? Joan made this herself!” Delilah interrupted him. 
There was nothing Larry could say now that Delilah mentioned Joan. 
“I hope I didn’t disturb you and Ms. Duff,” Delilah continued. 
“Of course not, Ms. Young. Why would you say so?” Della asked.
###Chapter 2616
Chapter 2616 
A Confrontation 
“Why? How would I know if I’m ruining anything?” 
Delilah almost shouted when she heard Della’s reply. 
Della spared Larry a look and shrugged her shoulders in resignation. It seemed like this was just not her day. 
“Aren’t you going out to eat, Ms. Duff?” 
“Oh, right. I’d better get going.” With that said, Della scrambled to leave the rest. 
Now that it was just the three of them, Delilah’s suspicious gaze fell on Caspian, and then on Larry. 
Judging from her look, it was impossible to convince her that there was really nothing going on between Larry and Della. 
Delilah knew from the very beginning what kind of a woman Della was, so it went without saying that she worried for Larry. 
“What’s the matter, Ms. Young?” Larry asked gently. 
“It’s nothing. I’m just here to see if you’re okay. When are you coming home?” 
This reminded Larry that he had not been home for a while. 
He had not seen Joan for days. 
“Ms. Young, Larry’s busy with work these few days, that’s why…”
“I’m not talking to you.” Delilah cried out toward Caspian, who quickly lowered his head and zipped his mouth. 
“I promise I’ll go home today, okay?” Larry tried appeasing her. 
“Alright. Enjoy your meal then. I’ll get going.” With that said, Delilah went out of the office. 
The two men thought she would head home right after, but little they did know, Delilah already had her mind set on stamping this issue out. 
“Ms. Duff!” Delilah called her after following her to the restaurant. 
Della, who was just about to start eating, was so shocked her cutlery fell to the ground. 
“There’s no need to be so nervous.” 
Della smiled at her politely. “Want to join me for a meal, Ms. Young?” 
With you? No, thanks! Delilah moved her lofty gaze away from Della, making sure the woman before her knew she was not interested in dining with her. 
“When are you leaving?” Delilah asked instead. 
I’ll do anything to make sure Larry and Joan stay together. 
“You really go all out for Larry it seems.” The smile on Della’s face still lingered. 
“Joan is my daughter, so that makes Larry my son-in-law. It makes total sense for me to look out for him.” 
“But from what I know, they didn’t get married again after their divorce.”
Delilah was suddenly at a loss for words. 
She recalled how she did everything she could to make sure they got through the divorce back then despite the couple being reluctant. Now Della was using this as an excuse to pursue Larry unashamedly. To be honest, Delilah totally did not see this coming. 
After rendering Delilah speechless, Della continued, “You have nothing to worry about, Ms. Young. If Larry and Joan really love each other, no one will be able to separate them.” 
Delilah was fully aware of that, but it was still unnerving for her because she did not know what would Della do to get Larry. 
She knew she could no longer use the hard way to pressure Della to back down. “Della,” she said, her tone more palliating, “Larry and Joan had been through a lot to have the quiet life they enjoy now. Can’t you just leave them be?” 
Delilah knew Della came from an established family. She could not afford to offend her, but for Della, there was no way she was giving up on Larry. 
“Ms. Young, I love Larry, and so does Joan. What’s wrong with both of us competing on level ground?” 
“But you know Larry loves Joan, so why are you still insisting your way?” 
Really? Larry only loves Joan? Della shook her head slowly as a smile spread across her face. 
She used to believe Joan was the only person Larry loved, but not anymore. She realized it was worth the fight. Della knew Larry and she had something in common, and Joan had many suitors too. Problems were bound to arise at the rate of how things were going.
###Chapter 2617
Chapter 2617 
Respecting His Choice 
“If Joan is his ultimate choice, then I’ll respect his wishes.” 
This woman is unbelievable! 
All this for a man? There are so many men outside whom you can choose from! Delilah could not wrap her head around Della’s thinking. 
“Well, whatever floats your boat then.” Delilah left once she knew it would be fruitless talking to her. 
Delilah was not planning on telling Joan about what Della thought about Larry. Just as she was thinking about how to go about prodding Joan to do something about it, Jessica had already beat her to it. 
“Joan, you’ve been so busy lately. Aren’t you afraid Larry will start looking for other women?” Jessica pried. 
“Nope, not at all.” 
How can you be so sure? Jessica shot her a curious look. 
“What if he meets someone he thinks is more suitable for him one day?” 
What’s with all these questions? Joan finally cocked her head and looked at Jessica in dismay. 
“Larry will never leave me. Even if he does, I’ll respect his choice.” 
So you’re just gonna accept it? Well, good for you, but I’m not sure if you’ll be able to still be the bigger person if that really happens. Jessica looked away and stopped asking her questions.
Joan was a trusting and humble person. She was inexperienced in the crafty ways of the world, and she never plotted against people. Although this was a virtue, it also meant she was guileless when it came to others scheming against her. She would not even pose herself as a strong competitor to people who wanted her out of a game. 
“Joan, I really salute you.” Jessica put up her thumb toward her approvingly. 
What’s with this girl today? Joan looked at her sitting on the couch while her brain set to work, trying to understand what was Jessica thinking. 
Don’t tell me this is about Larry. 
Is he involved in some scandal with other women again? 
“Is Larry seeing someone?” Joan dashed over and asked, her tone raised. 
“Hey, calm down! He’s not seeing anyone. You’re the only woman for him.” Jessica patted her on her back, trying to ease her. 
Ha, I bet she really cares about Larry. Look at how anxious she is. 
After assuring Joan that nothing was going on, Jessica left. 
As for Larry, he only took Della as a business partner. There was nothing more to their relationship, but he knew people around him thought otherwise. After all, Della was a businesswoman too. She would not do anything without it benefiting her. 
In Larry’s case, she wanted to win his heart. 
Caspian saw through Larry’s thoughts and offered him a piece of advice. “I really think you should make things clear with Ms. Duff as soon as possible.”
“What is there to talk about?” 
“Your relationship with her! What will Joan say if she knows what’s going on?” 
Larry’s steps halted and he turned toward Caspian, his face stern. 
“Della and I are nothing more than just business partners,” he said with full determination before leaving. 
Geez, how many times do I have to explain myself before they stop making all these nasty comments? 
“What’s with the sad face?” Della came over and asked. 
“Nothing, really.” 
“What’s going on?” Della was relentless. 
“You shouldn’t come over this often,” Larry told her outright. 
“But we have to discuss our business project. We’re partners,” Della insisted.
###Chapter 2618
Chapter 2618 
Drawing A Clear Line 
“It’s exactly because we’re business partners that we should draw a line. Don’t you think so?” Larry was not letting this slide. 
Della instantly understood what he meant. 
“Alright. I promise I’ll do that.” Her voice was low and disappointed. 
Just like that? She’s not putting up a fight? Larry cast his uncertain and surprised gaze at her. 
Della only said that because she wanted Larry to not worry about this. 
“Hey, your shirt’s dirty,” she said, walking over with him with a wet tissue, “Let me help you.” 
She wiped his shirt carefully, trying to get the stain off. 
The next thing they knew, Jessica flung the door wide open and barged in. 
Bang! 
“What’s wrong with you? Can you not slam the door?” Larry looked at her, displeased. 
“What’s wrong with me? What’s wrong with y’all? Can both of you please not do this in the company? Bring it elsewhere.” 
What is it we’re doing that we should do elsewhere? Larry looked at her cluelessly. 
“You watch what you’re saying.”
I said nothing wrong. It’s obvious that Della likes you. 
Jessica glared back at the two of them in dissatisfaction. 
Despite her antipathy toward Della, Jessica had to admit that she was rich and that made her a more tempting option. 
“Did I say anything wrong?” Jessica mumbled. 
Della walked over slowly and looked at her in the eyes. “Ms. Zimmer, I think you misunderstood me.” 
Della used to like Jessica a lot. She was outspoken and loyal, but as time passed, she felt Jessica was on Joan’s side, so she eventually lost interest in her. 
“Larry, Joan said she wanted to have dinner with you tonight. I’ve already done my part by relaying the message to you. You do whatever suits you.” Jessica left after saying this. 
Joan wants to have a meal with me? Why doesn’t she just call me herself? Larry looked at Jessica leave, perplexed. 
“She’s lying,” Della said. 
This girl is really something. A glimmer of hatred shone in Della’s eyes. 
“Off you go. I need to go back to work already,” Larry hurried her before leaving. 
Even if he knew Jessica was lying, he still wanted to spend time with Joan although he was tired. 
Della was left all alone after Larry left. It was clear as day that Jessica was lying, but she could tell Larry really wanted to eat with Joan.
“Your coffee, Ms. Duff,” the assistant said, coming in with a cup in her hands. 
“I’m leaving already, thanks.” 
The assistant stared at the cup of coffee and shook her head as Della walked out. What a waste. 
Women were really fickle-minded. They might be kind and loving, but she could readily turn cruel and heartless the next second. 
Everyone thought Della was an upright businesswoman, but when she did not get what she wanted, she could become despicable. Even Della herself did not know there was this side in her. 
“Morning, Ms. Duff,” Caspian greeted her when he saw the woman. 
“Morning.” 
Although she had promised Larry to stay away, she still found excuses every single day to come over just to see him. 
“Do you have nothing better to do?” Larry called her out.
###Chapter 2619
Chapter 2619 
An Unwelcomed Guest 
“I’m very free actually,” she replied. 
“But I’m busy,” Larry told her curtly. 
“Then you carry on with your work.” Della put the breakfast she prepared on the table, took a quick look at him, and left. 
Even spending a brief moment with Larry was enough for her. 
Caspian sighed as he watched Della left. She’s a fine young lady herself, but why Larry of all people? He already has Joan! 
“Caspian!” Larry’s commanding voice shook him back to reality. 
“Yes?” Caspian came into the office right after he heard Larry. 
“What has Joan been doing lately?” 
“She’s spending a lot of her time at the photography studio. It seems like everything is going on well for her.” 
“Alright. That’s all. You may leave.” 
It had been a long time since Larry had a good talk with Joan. His schedule was so packed he did not have time to show her he cared, so he could only get updates about her from Caspian.
As for Della, although there were some rumors going on outside, Larry felt there was nothing to worry about since his conscience was clear. Besides, he had repeatedly told Della that it was impossible between them. 
“Mr. Norton, someone’s here to see you,” the assistant announced. 
“Let him in.” 
Before the assistant could ask the person to come in, someone threw the door open. 
“Mr. Norton.” 
A familiar voice rang through the office. Larry put down his pen and waved at his assistant to go out. 
“What brings you here?” Larry asked. 
Abelyn had been expanding her influences abroad, and Larry knew full well about it. It was unexpected that she would come back all of a sudden. 
“Norton Corporation is a leading company. Are you interested in growing the company further?” She went straight to the point. 
Her intention was clear—she wanted to collaborate with him, but unfortunately, Larry was not interested. 
“I’m sorry. I already have a plan of my own laid out for the company,” he said, getting back to work. 
“Are you really rejecting my offer?” Abelyn sat down on the couch, gazing at him arrogantly. 
“Ms. Chipman, you may leave if you have nothing else to say.” 
“Why don’t you reconsider? You know I have a lot of connections overseas.”
“I’m not interested.” Larry raised his head and looked at her. 
What an unbending fellow! I came to you with such a lowly attitude, and yet you reject me without giving my proposal a second thought? 
“Are you gonna continue working with Della? Do you need me to remind you that you already have a girlfriend?” With that said, she left without turning back. 
The clicking sound of her heels echoed down the corridor, eliciting a frown on Caspian’s face as he watched her walk off. 
An employee who was hurrying around bumped into Abelyn and apologized profusely. 
“Get lost!” Abelyn bellowed. 
The air suddenly became tense. The employee lowered her head in guilt and kept apologizing. 
Bang! 
Abelyn pushed her away, sending her hitting against the wall. 
“What’s going on? Who’s that ruthless woman?” another employee remarked. 
“I have no idea. Some filthy rich person I guess.” 
“That explains the attitude.” 
The employees talked among themselves when they saw what happened.
###Chapter 2620
Chapter 2620 
I Can Wait 
Seeing this, Caspian walked into Larry’s office to ask what was going on. 
“Larry, why did she come over?” 
“She suggested we work together.” 
“And?” 
“I turned her down.” 
Caspian heaved a helpless sigh. 
They knew a long time ago that Abelyn was the one behind what happened at the photography studio, but none of them said anything to Abelyn out of courtesy. Besides, Joan did not want to pursue the matter any further. 
Just as the two men fell into silence thinking about the problematic character, someone came in again. 
“Larry,” Joan called out as she walked in. 
Joan? Larry sprang on his feet when he heard her voice. 
“I brought you dessert. I made it myself.” Joan put a container on his table, but the meal box Della brought caught her attention. 
Larry was not someone who liked spending time going out and buy food because he thought it was a waste of time. It was obvious that someone had prepared him breakfast.
From how the meal was prepared, Joan guessed it must be made by a woman. A shade of disappointment covered her eyes. 
“What brings you here? You’re not busy today?” Larry came over and hugged her. 
“Yeah. I don’t have anything in the morning, so I came over.” 
“Is everything going on well on your side?” 
“Yeah. What about you?” 
“Everything’s fine here at the company too.” 
Larry’s tightened his embrace around her, enjoying the short moment they shared. 
“I should get going already,” Joan said gently, snuggling in his arms. 
Larry glanced at his watch and let her go. He planted a kiss on her forehead before looking at her lovingly. 
Joan looked into his eyes and cupped his face in her hands. “Should we have dinner at home tonight?” 
“Sure!” 
Outside Larry’s office, everyone was looking at the blissful couple adoringly. 
“Larry’s so handsome!” 
“Gosh, what a beautiful couple.” 
“How I envy them.”
A few female employees commented as they watched Joan and Larry. They had completely forgotten about work. 
Speaking of work, the restructuring Larry proposed did not get through the board of directors, yet their disapproval did not make Larry disheartened. 
“What should we do next?” Caspian asked after finding out about it. 
Good question. We can’t rush this through, so we can only do one thing at a time. Larry shook his head and sighed. 
He knew the directors would disagree, but he did not know there was actually someone else behind this. 
“Don’t you think it’s weird, Larry? Why did all of them turn down your proposal? Even those who used to support you have rejected your idea this time,” Caspian pointed out as he thought things through. 
Larry put down the document folder in his hands and squinted his eyes. He lit up a cigarette as the expression on his face hardened. 
This is what I’m thinking about too. He puffed out a mouthful of smoke and lifted his exasperated gaze toward the sky outside the window. 
“Do you want me to check it out?” Caspian asked. 
“Yes, please do.” Larry resumed work right after he assigned the task to Caspian. 
What a workaholic! Caspian took a final look at him and set to work. 
Not long after he was gone, Della came again. “Is anything bothering you?”
“Nothing of importance.” 
Why do you have to lie to me? I can tell with just one glance something is bugging you. Della took up a magazine and sat on the couch begrudgingly. 
“What are you doing?” Larry asked. 
“I wanted to talk about the recent project. As you already know, I’m not entirely updated about what’s going on in the country.” 
“But I need to work on something else now.” 
“I can wait.” Yes, Della was willing to wait for him, be it for work or for his heart.
###Chapter 2621
Chapter 2621 
Entrapment 
Larry did not have much to say as he immersed himself in his work behind the desk. 
An indeterminate amount of time passed before he was finally seen stretching and getting to his feet. That was when he noticed someone laid out on the couch. 
Had Della not left yet? He walked over with a quilt in hand and leaned in to put it over her. 
Della presumably must have sensed movement in her vicinity and threw both arms around his waist. She held on fast and would not let go. 
“Wake up, Della,” he reacted swiftly by rocking her body with a light touch. 
But that yielded no response whatsoever from her. 
“Office hours are over. I’m going to head home,” he said. 
The woman buried her head into his abdomen. Her persistent nuzzling against his body coaxed a repulsive reaction from him. 
Was she genuinely asleep or faking it? Larry’s suspicions were roused. 
She definitely must be doing this on purpose! At this moment, the corner of Della’s lips curled up in glee. 
“Wake up!” His voice grew in intensity. 
However, Della declined to budge.
He gave up resisting and decided to let her have her way till she comes to on her own. 
And so the man sat on the couch with Della’s head nestled on his thigh. Both of them would likely come across as being quite intimate. 
“Larry!” 
Jessica suddenly barged in. 
She was stunned by the sight that greeted her. 
What was going on? Had Della succeeded in seducing Larry? Or was Larry unable to resist Della’s subtle entrapment? 
Pahh! There was a massive difference between the two! Jessica shook her head in an attempt to clear her mind. 
“What the hell is this, Larry?” she asked as she approached. 
“I… Isn’t it obvious!” Larry said in displeasure. 
“I know what you’re doing, but do you know what you’re doing?” she said. 
She thought her god-brother could use a reminder. 
“It’s not what you think. This is an accident,” came Larry’s prompt reply. 
An accidental hookup with a beautiful woman?What a brilliant excuse to hit on girls! 
“Then hurry up and let go of her!” Jessica deliberately raised her voice so as to wake Della. 
“No, it’s she who wouldn’t let me go!”
On careful inspection, Jessica realized that he was being truthful. It was Della who was clinging on to Larry! Jessica rushed over and exerted herself in an attempt to dislodge Della’s hands. 
However, her best effort was still no match for the might of the gym rat Della. 
“What’s the heck, Della. Wake up and stop taking advantage of Larry!” Jessica smacked hard upon the other woman’s back as she yelled into her ears. 
Damned woman, how dare she so blatantly tried to get close to Larry! 
“Huh?” Della rubbed her own eyes and pretended to be oblivious as she mumbled under her breath. 
She feigned innocence when she finally relinquished her grip. 
“What?” she blinked and asked in a low voice. 
Whatever do you mean by what?Still playing innocent after getting fresh with the man to this extent? 
“It’s late. You should get a move on,” Jessica said as she pointed to the sky outside. 
“Oh, it’s already so dark. Are you done yet, Larry? Shall we go and grab dinner together?” Della sounded quite excited. 
“Hey, what are you saying? Larry already has an appointment with me today so he doesn’t have time for you!” 
“Sure? I’ve been waiting here all afternoon,” Della continued. 
So she had been laying in ambush here all the while! The scheming woman! 
“How about we dine out together? All three of us.” Della turned to regard Larry.
Jessica stared hard at Larry and blinked at him repeatedly, as though to implore him not to agree to it.
###Chapter 2622
Chapter 2622 
The Spicy Variety 
As Larry and Della were currently collaborators, he naturally preferred not to stand her up. 
“Y’all can decide,” Larry said. 
He pushed the responsibility outright unto Jessica. 
“I’m sure you won’t mind. Wouldn’t you, Ms. Zimmer? Della turned back and asked. 
How could I not?I totally opposed it! 
Jessica gritted her teeth in annoyance. 
“It’s rather unfortunate that you aren’t fond of spicy food, Ms. Duff, because I’ve already made a reservation at a restaurant that specializes in it!” Jessica said. 
“That’s okay. I could just rinse it down with a bit of water,” Della replied. 
Is she being serious? Could she not tell that she’s not wanted? 
Jessica’s eyes twitched at the other woman before she turned and stormed out. 
What an adorable girl. She really busted her brains coming up with excuses not to have me come along! Della smiled smugly before she walked up to Larry. 
Inside the private room, the orders were already tabled by the server. As mentioned, all the dishes were of the spicy variety. That was, of course, intentional on the part of Jessica. 
“I’m so sorry about this. These are all Larry’s favorites,” Jessica said purposefully.
Larry turned sharply and regarded Jessica in surprise. 
Though subtle, the gesture was sufficiently picked up by Della who had her eyes on Jessica all this time. She merely smiled without comment. 
“Don’t push yourself, Ms. Duff. If these dishes aren’t suited for your palate, you could always go and eat elsewhere.” Jessica gloated as she ate. 
You need to do better than that trying to get close to Larry, you stupid woman! Buzz off if you don’t have it in you! 
Jessica shot her a look before she shoveled a slice of beef into her own mouth. 
“Of course not. I do think that these dishes aren’t half-bad,” Della replied as she ate. 
Jessica was stunned. 
“Umm, I would say that they’re actually quite delicious.” Della nodded in approval. 
At this moment, Jessica looked dismayed. 
Who was it who told her that Della did not take spicy food? From the looks of it, it was clear that she rather enjoyed it! Jessica gnashed her teeth and seethed in silence. 
“Come on, have some more,” Larry said as he placed another piece of meat on Jessica’s plate. 
He knew that Jessica had quite the temper, so he would not venture to imagine what might happen if she blew her top. 
“Would you care for a drink, Ms. Zimmer?” Della asked provocatively. 
Huh? Is she challenging me now?Don’t underestimate me!
Jessica sat up straight and regarded the woman in front of her with extreme seriousness. 
“Sure. I’ll have some,” she replied without any hesitancy. 
“You can’t, Jessica.” Larry beside her was quick to caution. 
“Shut your mouth,” she leaned in and whispered in return. 
The scene playing out told Della all she needed to know. 
Would Larry have intervened if this girl was a better drinker than she was? 
“Here, Ms. Zimmer. A toast,” Della declared with her glass raised high. 
Jessica shuddered upon seeing the alcoholic beverage inside. 
She thought that they were going to have beers, but it seemed to her that it was spirits! Jessica avoided spirits because they would put her out for the count every single time. 
“Why? Are you not up for this?” Della asked with a smile. 
“Whoever said that? I’m in!” and she downed the entire glass of spirit at a go. 
What a sport! Della smiled in delight as she regarded the girl in front of her. 
She had played host to many before, but having someone as game as Jessica was a first. 
“That’s enough. Let’s dig in, and I’ll send both of you home later,” Larry said. 
“What home? We’ve barely warmed up! Isn’t that right, Ms. Duff?” Jessica was a little unsteady as she pointed at Della across from her.
“Right on. How about I pour you one as well, Larry?” Della said in a low voice.
###Chapter 2623
Chapter 2623 
A Curious Pair 
Della was quite tipsy herself by now. 
They had only themselves to blame for opting to consume drinks with higher alcohol content. 
“More, Boss!” Jessica started to raise her voice all of a sudden. 
“No, thanks!” Larry harried in response. 
“Could you not be such a party-pooper, Larry? I’m your little sister, so what’s the big deal about bumping a bottle off you? Next time, I’ll treat you to an even bigger one. Sounds fair?” Jessica slapped Larry on the back and ranted. 
“Look at how drunk you both are. I think we should call it a day!” With that, Larry tried to help Jessica to her feet. 
“You’re no fun. Why are you chasing us home when we aren’t done yet?” Della chimed in. 
Sheesh… 
Larry was speechless at the duo in front of him. 
“Ignore him, Ms. Duff. Let’s carry on. I still have something important that I must discuss with you,” Jessica said loudly. 
What was there to discuss in the state that she’s in? Larry shook his head at the woman who seemed quite out of control.
“Let’s have it!” Della shouted. 
“Let me tell you something, Della. Larry’s married. He has a wife at home,” Jessica blurted. 
The air seemed to have frozen over in that instant. 
Larry was stunned as well. 
“What are you talking about? I’m really in love with him,” Della quickly remonstrated. 
“No, no, no, no! Larry belongs to Joan!” 
The duo were soon engaged in a fierce debate. 
He gave up and let them be, as he reckoned that they would forget everything by the time they sobered up. Larry went on and occupied himself with the food and his phone. 
He had never came across a curious pair like these two. 
Suddenly, he heard someone’s phone ringing. 
Upon closer observation, he determined that it was not Della’s phone, but Jessica’s. 
“Hey, answer it!” Larry nudged at Jessica next to him. 
“Don’t touch me. Can’t you see we’re busy here? Don’t bother us!” Jessica shrugged him off in reply. 
“Love is not something that we can control, right? Just like the feelings that I have for Larry…” Della continued to regard Jessica in earnest. 
At his wit’s end, Larry finally walked outside with Jessica’s phone in hand. 
“Where have you been? Why haven’t you returned at this hour?” Caspian hollered.
“Quit yelling. My eardrums are almost bursting,” Larry plugged his ears and replied. 
Caspian quickly softened his tone. 
“Larry? Why come it’s you who’s answering?” 
“Your girl’s drunk. Come over and pick her up.” He then hung up right after. 
Drinking again! Caspian jumped up from the couch and made his way into the living room. 
The two women were not done arguing inside the private room going head-to-head in what seemed like a never-ending battle. 
“You’re behaving like a mistress!” Jessica howled as she slammed her hands upon the table. 
“I’m not a mistress! Larry and Joan aren’t married so he’s fair game!” Della was not to be outdone. 
Hopeless duo! Larry settled himself on the couch at the side and paid no more attention to them. 
“Tell us, Larry. Who do you like?” Jessica abruptly turned to ask. 
“Yeah! Tell us who you like to work with most?” Della chimed. 
“Ladies, would you kindly stop making things difficult for Larry? Come on, let’s go home…” Caspian said after he pushed through the doors. 
“Shut up!” 
“Shut up!” 
The two women yelled in unison.
Caspian was positively dumbstruck. 
“That was beautiful! Cheers!” With that, Jessica raised her glass once again. 
When did Della become so sloppy? Caspian was quite astonished. 
The woman he used to know had to doll herself up even if she was just going for a run, obviously a stark contrast to this shameless drunkard in front of him.
###Chapter 2624
Chapter 2624 
An Ordinary Woman 
By the time Della was sent home, it was already into the wee hours. Leaving her villa behind, Larry lifted his gaze toward the sky as he trotted homeward. He cut a pitiable figure from behind. 
Should there be a day where Della was not able to let go of her feelings for him, perhaps he ought to terminate his professional dealings with her. 
“Larry!” 
Della suddenly ran out of the villa, shouting. Her trembling body evoked a state of fragility. 
“Don’t go.” 
“Stay with me for a while more. I feel so sad. It’s my grandmother’s death anniversary today,” she continued. 
Hearing that made Larry feel sorry for her. 
“It’s late. Go back inside and rest up.” Larry hardened himself up and turned to leave. 
“Don’t leave!” 
Della caught up with him and refused to let go. 
“Whatever it is, we can talk about it tomorrow, alright?” 
“No. I’m miserable. Can’t you keep me company, please?” Della’s voice shivered. 
Confronted with her weariness and vulnerability, Larry immediately helped her inside.
“You know, I loved Granny’s sweet rolls. When I was little, she used to give me one whenever I cried, and it would make me feel better right away.” Della leaned against Larry as they sat on the couch. 
Completely engrossed in her own nostalgic musings, it would seem that she had forgotten who the man was sitting next to her… 
What had she been through? Larry was intrigued by the person in front of him. 
In everyone’s eyes, she was the wealthy heiress and the capable businesswoman. Smart, bold, and domineering. But whenever she related experiences from her past, she did not come across as that glamorous. Rather, what he felt for her was commiseration. 
“You know what? I used to live with my grandmother when I was very young. She was a kind, affectionate and gentle person who treated me very well. I loved her very much as well and felt so blessed to be staying with her. But when she passed away, it seemed like I couldn’t be happy anymore. I returned to my parents, so there I was, leading the sort of life that I do now,” Della explained. 
“Don’t you enjoy this?” Larry asked. 
“No! I hate it! I just want to find a man that I love whom I could quietly spend the rest of my life with. Granny said that there’s nothing more important than being happy.” 
So this is the real Della Duff. Larry exhaled. 
It was different for men and women. Career-wise, men were expected to be firm and more decisive, while most women tended to be uncertain, tentative, and risk-averse. Della should feel very proud of her present accomplishments in the corporate world. 
“That’s all in the past now. All you have to do is focus on your own career,” Larry said.
“But I don’t want to work! Everyone tells me that I’m a strong woman, but I don’t want to be that female president that they want me to be! I just want to be an ordinary woman!” she cried. 
I guess she must be worn out! 
Larry merely looked on quietly. 
Sometimes, emotions require an outlet. Right now, crying was the perfect way for Della to release all of the pent-up negativity she had inside. 
Della was soon bawling hysterically and completely without regard for her image. 
There was nothing for her to be overly concerned about, as she had already seen Larry as a lover or family. 
It went on for quite a while until Della closed her eyes and fell fast asleep. 
He quietly covered her with a blanket and straightened his own attire before he turned to depart. 
As much as he sympathized with this side of Della, it did not mean that he would be able to reciprocate her feelings.
###Chapter 2625
Chapter 2625 
Perfume 
Larry drove home directly after. 
He tread lightly for fear of disturbing his family. 
“Why are you back so late?” Joan said softly, rubbing her eyes as she sat herself up on the couch. 
“Why aren’t you in bed yet?” Larry removed his coat and asked in concern. 
“I was waiting for you,” she replied. 
Silly woman. She could have just called instead of staying up! Larry approached and wrapped her in an embrace. He gently ran a hand through her hair, feeling a pang of remorse inside. 
Joan, however, furrowed her brows. 
Why it there the scent of perfume on him? 
She took a whiff at his clothes and affirmed that there was indeed a woman’s fragrance on him. 
“Where have you been all night, Larry?” she asked while trying to keep her own emotions in check. 
“I was out for dinner,” he said. 
“With who?” she asked. 
Is she doing census sampling? She never used to be like this! In spite of that, Larry was rather pleased that she reacted this way.
At the very least, it meant that she cared! 
“With Jessica,” Larry said. 
Joan’s eyes dimmed when she heard that. 
She knew Jessica’s preferences well. Jessica did not like scents that were too overpowering, and would naturally refrain from using such products. 
That made Joan sure that there was another woman. 
“Just her?” she narrowed her eyes and asked. 
“… Della was there as well,” Larry replied. 
He felt no need to deceive the one he loved, especially when he opined that she was a level-headed person. 
As upset as she was, she did not articulate it outright. 
“I see, it was a work meeting,” Joan lowered her head and uttered. 
She did not want to delve too deep into whether there was anything between Larry and Della, as she was afraid that the knowledge might make her feel sad, depressed, jealous or even angry… 
That was because she knew Della was not over Larry. Far from it. 
“Alright, go to sleep. You still have to be up early tomorrow,” Larry said softly as he put a hand on her shoulder. 
“Aren’t you going to bed?” She looked up at him.
“I’ve some paperwork that need to be sorted out.” He shrugged before he made his way over to the study. 
Joan pursed her lips as she watched his silhouette disappear from view. She then walked to the bedroom. 
For some unfathomable reason, she felt uneasy as she lay in bed. Looking at the crescent moon outside, she got up and went to the window. Her eyes narrowed, and her demeanor as chilling as the night wind. 
After waiting for some time without seeing Larry enter, she returned to the lonesome bed that was too spacious for one, and closed her eyes. 
Meanwhile, Larry typed away at his desk as his eyes scanned ceaselessly through one document after another. 
Perhaps the insight into Della’s personal history had diminished his sense of revulsion toward her. 
“About last night, Larry, I didn’t do anything awkward, did I?” Della was a little self-conscious when she asked. 
“Nope, not at all,” he replied. 
“Really?” She was a little doubtful. 
“Nope.” 
She exhaled. It was like a huge weight off her chest. 
When she decided to join them, it was only with a simple meal in mind. Getting drunk and stupid was not part of the plan.
“What about Jessica? Is she alright?” Della pressed on. 
“Still out of it!” 
Caspian then walked in on them. 
“Thank you very much, Ms. Duff. Next time, could you please leave Jessica out of it? She isn’t a good drinker and would get drunk easily.” Caspian said begrudgingly. 
“Erm…” 
Della pounded at her own head in a bid to clear her mind. 
“I’d say, Larry, why didn’t you stop them?” Caspian rattled on.
###Chapter 2626
Chapter 2626 
A Get Together 
“Tried. Didn’t work,” Larry said. 
These two women were equally mule-headed. Once they had their minds made up about anything, not even the strength of ten bulls would be able to rein them in, let alone any mortal being! 
“What are you whining about, Caspian?” Jessica asked aloud as she entered. 
Is she awake? Della turned her head to regard the woman who was steadily making her way in. 
Yeah. Her eyes might be open, but the alcohol is definitely still in her system. 
“Ah!” 
Her knees suddenly gave way and she landed on all fours. Jessica ruffled her hair and exhausted all her might in an effort to get back up. 
“Whoops. How embarrassing.” She dusted herself off and headed straight for the couch. 
“I think I’m going to lie down for a bit.” And she did so and closed her eyes. 
This was something that Larry and Caspian had become quite accustomed to, but Della’s eyes were peeled wide open as she regarded the woman on the couch. 
“She’s fine. Just a little tired, that’s all,” Caspian explained to Della. 
Well, that’s an eye-opener. Della shook her head at that. 
Considerable time had passed before the person on the couch finally came to.
“Hmm…” Jessica had fingers pressed up against her temple and looked in some measure of discomfort. 
“Are you up?” Larry asked from behind the desk. 
“Where is this?” she asked while her eyes remained closed. 
“My office,” he replied. 
Lucky for her that it was not some bar or nightclub, or she would be in trouble. 
“How long have I been out?” Jessica asked. 
“Eons,” he replied. 
Perhaps the sighting of Jessica’s awakening in the office set Caspian in motion. He rushed to her side, quietly worried. 
“Could you not start knocking it back so casually from now on, Ma’am?” 
Caspian’s tone was a mixture of disgruntlement and entreaty. 
“Oh, don’t make such a big fuss about it. I only had a little bit,” she replied as she massaged her own thighs. 
“You know I’m just worried that something might happen to you.” 
“With Larry around, what could possibly go wrong? Stop scaring yourself.” Jessica then stood up and stretched herself in front of the window. 
“You ought to be at the bookstore, Jessica,” Larry said after some consideration.
That reminded her that she had not dropped in there for quite a while, so without hesitancy nor pausing for Caspian to speak, she exited the office. 
Caspian sighed upon seeing her in such a hurry. 
“Alright, that should be all. You should get back to it,” Larry said. 
Caspian thought otherwise. He was not quite finished with Jessica. Nonetheless, he smiled before he walked out. 
The development of Norton Corporation had always been steady, bereft of surprises in both senses of the word. At the heart of the issue were the conservative ways by which the company had always been operated, which led to its inability to separate itself from the competition. 
That was something Larry did not want and went to great lengths to avoid. 
Conversely, the rapid growth experienced at the photography studio of late was a source of solace for Joan. She believed that with such a resilient and loyal team behind it, things could only get better for them. 
“How are you doing, Ms. Watts?” Caiden asked as he approached. 
Joan got onto her feet upon hearing this familiar voice. 
“Not too bad, I’d say,” she replied. 
“Would you like to dine together?” he asked. 
This, did not seem that appropriate. She did not want to eat out alone with Caiden, as she was concerned that it might lead to a misunderstanding for Keith and Larry.
“Well, I’ve something else on tonight…” 
“You’re the head of the department. If you won’t go, how do you expect everyone else to?” Caiden suddenly added. 
Did that mean that it was a get-together with the rest of the staff from the studio? Joan scrutinized the man in front of her and waited for him to expound upon it further.
###Chapter 2627
Chapter 2627 
Staff Bonding 
“I’d like to buy dinner for everyone tonight. You should go too so it won’t be awkward,” Caiden explained. 
Joan’s gaze softened as she looked at the staff bustling about their tasks. 
“Sure.” She agreed immediately. 
“Oh my god, really? Ms. Watts, is Mr. Owens really buying us dinner tonight?” Abigail asked excitedly. 
“Yes, but please calm down first. You all deserve this treat thanks to your hard work.” 
Joan was basically thanking the staff in the photography studio on behalf of Caiden. 
“Ms. Watts, we should be counting our blessings that you didn’t dissolve the team in the first place.” 
“Yeah, we haven’t thanked you properly for that yet. We wouldn’t even dream of complaining.” 
The employees added their two cents of gratitude to the conversation. 
That evening, Joan left the office with the team. 
They arrived at a nightclub. Many people were dancing in the center of the club. The atmosphere looked intoxicating. Caiden was already waiting for them in a corner, sipping on a glass of wine. 
“Mr. Owens!” 
He could hear the staff from his photography studio from a mile away.
“Hey Mr. Owens, you’re here early!” 
“Thanks for the treat, Mr. Owens!” 
Caiden smiled when he saw the smiles on everyone’s faces. 
Since they were all under Joan’s guidance, he knew they were all capable in their own right. 
“Come on and take a seat. Feel free to order anything on the menu; it’s on me!” Caiden announced. 
His generous offer livened up the atmosphere. 
To keep things casual, Joan chose a seat farther from Caiden. 
“Ms. Watts, do you want to go and dance?” Abigail asked from beside her. 
“Nope, you can go ahead. I’m not feeling so good,” Joan answered. 
“What? Are you ok?” Caiden walked over with a concerned expression on his face. 
“It’s fine,” Joan replied with an awkward smile. 
That was just an excuse she had made up to avoid dancing. 
“Joan, thank you for your hard work lately.” Caiden lifted his glass in a toast. 
Joan hesitated under the stares of her staff. She eventually lifted a nearby wine glass and clinked it against Caiden’s glass. She took a polite sip of the wine. 
“Why? Are you still being careful like last time?” he suddenly said as his gaze landed on some of his staff who were enjoying themselves on the dance floor. 
Joan looked at him wordlessly.
I don’t think there’s a need to address something that’s more or less public knowledge. 
The lively atmosphere showed no signs of slowing down. In all corners of the club, men were chatting up women with half-drunk glasses of wine in their hands. Most of the women enjoyed the attention and did their best to show off their feminine charms. 
“Joan, can I ask you something?” Caiden blurted. 
“What is it?” Joan turned to face him. 
“Did you ever like me in the past? Even if it was just a passing fancy.” He moved closer to Joan and gazed at her. 
Joan was surprised. 
Why is he suddenly asking me this? Is he drunk? She looked at the glass on the table before turning to Caiden with a suspicious gaze. 
“I’m not drunk,” he replied quietly. “I just want an honest answer.” 
If she says yes, I will do everything I can to make her mine. But if she says- 
“No.” Joan answered firmly. 
Never once had she looked at this man before her in anything other than a platonic light. 
“Not even a little bit?” Caiden asked. 
“No.” She shook her head. 
Ever since Larry appeared in my life, there’s been no other man deserving of my attention.
###Chapter 2628
Chapter 2628 
Truth Or Dare 
Though Caiden had half-expected this answer, he couldn’t help the sinking feeling in his heart at her brutal rejection. 
“Mr. Owens, do you like Joan?” Abigail had appeared out of nowhere and was in gossip-seeking mode. 
“It’s nothing like that!” Joan clarified the situation while nudging Abigail’s elbow. 
Abigail’s enthusiasm shrunk after she saw the cold expression on Caiden’s face. She left in a rush. 
“She was just kidding, you know. You shouldn’t take it to heart.” Joan tried to defuse the tension in the air. 
“She’s right, though. I do like you a lot,” Caiden replied before taking a sip of his wine. 
Stunned, she turned to avoid looking at him. 
I’m just going to pretend I didn’t hear anything! 
One by one, the staff began to amble back to the plush sofas. They were still laughing and playing around. 
“Hey, should we play a game?” Abigail asked loudly. 
Oh god, why does she want to play a game now? Joan appraised the staff who were sitting in front of her. 
“I’m up for it!” One of the younger staff members supported her idea.
Soon, she was setting the stage for a drinking game. 
“We’re playing truth or dare. I’ll go through the rules first.” 
When she saw how excited everyone looked, she couldn’t bear to back out of the game and ruin the mood. 
“Hey, Mr. Owens. Would you like to join us?” Abigail asked. 
“How can you ask Mr. Owens to join you in such a childish game?” Abigail’s supervisor told her off. 
“Why not?” Caiden suddenly said. 
His agreement baffled his staff. 
“Yay, the more the merrier!” 
And so both Joan and Caiden joined the game. 
“Ok, so I’ve got an empty bottle here. It’s not rigged, I swear! Look at it carefully.” 
She was hyping up the crowd effectively. 
“If you don’t want to answer my question or do the dare, then you need to down this bottle!” Abigail raised an unopened beer bottle to make her point. 
“Deal!” There was a smattering of applause from the crowd. 
Though Caiden was playing the game with them, there was an unspoken agreement amongst the staff that he was basically untouchable. 
“Mr. Owens!”
Just then, the bottle stopped spinning and pointed toward Caiden. 
The atmosphere instantly became awkward. The crowd exchanged glances covertly, not knowing what to do. 
“Mr. Owens, truth or dare?” Abigail asked seriously. 
Everyone thought Caiden would refuse to play and leave. 
“Truth,” he answered. 
Jaws dropped at his choice. Everyone seemed stunned. 
“Ok, then let’s go with the truth! Mr. Owens, is there someone you like?” Abigail asked excitedly. She almost couldn’t believe her luck. 
“Yes,” he answered firmly. His eyes darted briefly toward Joan. 
The atmosphere relaxed. Caiden’s answer made him seem instantly more approachable to his staff. They felt more comfortable including him in their conversations. 
Joan felt relieved at the sight. 
I guess he made the right choice to join in. She took a sip of wine. 
“Hey Joan, it’s your turn! So who’s your boyfriend?” Abigail pointed at Joan. 
Joan turned her head toward the table and realized the bottle was pointing straight at her. 
“Wait, what’s the dare?” she asked in a hurry. 
“Well, the dare to is to give everyone here a kiss!” Abigail shouted.
What? Who plays truth or dare like that? Joan pursed her lips in displeasure. 
“I’ll drink the bottle,” she replied moodily. 
“Joan, even our boss chose to tell the truth. Why can’t you-”
###Chapter 2629
Chapter 2629 
Entanglements 
“I can’t!” Joan interrupted. 
She hated telling people about her personal life, especially when it came to her relationship with Larry. 
“Then it’s time to chug!” Abigail pushed the bottle of beer toward her. 
Joan took a deep breath before she drank the beer. 
What’s wrong with her? 
Suddenly, Caiden grabbed the bottle from her hands and finished it for her. 
“Caiden!” she yelled at him while wiping her mouth. 
“We were just joking, Mr. Owens. You don’t need to drink the whole thing.” 
“Yea, it’s fine. Please stop drinking.” 
A few of the staff glared at Abigail as they tried to stop Caiden. 
But Caiden had already tossed the empty beer bottle into a trash can. 
“Good one, Mr. Owens!” The supervisor piqued up and began clapping. 
Joan watched Caiden anxiously. 
Argh, they’re going to start spreading rumors about us again!
The game ended shortly after that. No one was in the mood to play anymore, and soon everyone left. 
Joan was hunched over a drain in front of the nightclub, vomiting her guts out in agony. 
“How are you feeling? Are you ok?” Caiden asked in worry. 
“I’m fine; you should go home now. I’ll hail a cab soon.” She waved off his concern. 
Caiden could not leave her behind while she was still retching. 
“Let me take you to the hospital,” he offered. 
His heart ached at her obvious discomfort. 
“I’m fine. I just need to get some rest at home.” She refused his offer. 
“Then I’ll send you home.” Caiden made a move to help her up. 
“No!” 
Joan straightened up suddenly and supported herself against a nearby tree. She stared at him sternly. 
“Caiden, I’m begging you. Can you please go home? Stop caring about me,” she pleaded desperately. 
I have to cut ties with Caiden! 
“Joan, why must you avoid me? Is it because I like you?” Caiden confronted her. 
What other reason could there be? Still, Joan shook her head at him. Her body suddenly sagged with exhaustion. 
“Don’t touch me; I just want to enjoy a peaceful life with Larry.” Joan turned and walked away on wobbly legs.
Caiden didn’t prod her after she had made her intentions clear. He followed her from a distance, worried that she might trip. 
“Ok, I got it. I’ll just send you home tonight.” He strode forward and lifted her before turning toward his car. 
“Put me down! Larry’s going to be pissed!” Joan pounded on his back as she protested his actions. 
Caiden appeared to ignore her as he walked forward in determination. 
“Why must you treat me like this? Why can’t you just let me go? Even your father is suspicious of me. What on earth do you want me to do?” Joan yelled as she was buckled in the car. Tears of helplessness were streaming down her face. 
Caiden felt a rush of passion at her tears. 
I want to be with her so much. But I know she hates dishonorable people, and I have to respect her for that. I won’t put her in a tough spot. 
Caiden’s car pulled into the driveway of her house. 
“Oh dear, what’s going on?” Delilah rushed toward the car and helped Joan out. 
“She’s drunk,” Caiden answered politely. 
Why must she go and get herself drunk? Delilah glanced at Joan sharply. 
“What’s going on?” Larry came out of the house when he heard the commotion. 
“Hurry, you should help Joan up to the room.” Delilah pushed a half-conscious Joan to Larry.
Caiden lowered his head awkwardly at Larry’s cold expression.
###Chapter 2630
Chapter 2630 
Hangover 
I guess she really chose Larry in the end. Caiden got up slowly to leave. 
“Caiden!” Delilah suddenly called out. 
“Thank you for sending her home,” she said with a smile. 
“It’s fine,” he answered placidly. 
“Have you been well?” 
Somehow, Caiden lost part of his warm demeanor in the presence of this old lady. 
“I’ve been well,” he replied nonchalantly. 
Sensing his awkwardness, Delilah cut the pleasantries short and sent him on his way. 
“Larry, I missed you so much!” Joan mumbled from where she lay on the bed. 
“Joan, do you want some water?” Larry asked while he stroked her forehead. 
“Larry!” 
She flipped around and hugged him tightly around the waist. 
Recognizing the familiar scent and warmth of Larry’s body, she tried to burrow closer into him. She mumbled his name over and over, almost purring like a kitten in his embrace. 
After spending some time staring at the full moon outside the windows, Larry eventually fell asleep.
The next morning, Joan woke up to the sight of sunlight streaming in through the windows. She stretched lazily and felt around for Larry. She smiled when she discovered he was still in bed. 
“Are you awake?” He cupped her face in his hands before giving her a soft kiss on her forehead. 
“Yeah,” she answered softly. She hooked her arms behind Larry’s neck and stared at him. 
“Where did you go last night? Do you remember anything?” Larry probed while stroking her hair. 
Last night? We had a staff dinner, right? Joan wrecked her brains trying to recall last night’s events. 
Damn it, I think I was drunk last night. 
“Erm, I drank last night,” she confessed awkwardly while scratching the back of her head. 
“And then what happened?” Larry asked. 
Nothing, right? She stared at him in confusion. 
“And then I came home,” she declared confidently. 
“How did you get home?” 
Oh, did I get a cab home last night? Why can’t I remember anything? Did Larry drive me home? 
Joan looked at Larry abashedly as she asked, “Didn’t you come and get me last night?” 
“No,” came his answer. 
“Joan, you know getting drunk is dangerous, right? I’ve told you so many times not to drink in public anymore.” 
Larry would always nag Joan every time she drank alcohol.
But I can’t always refuse to drink. Just look at last night. 
“I know. Last night was just a one-off thing,” Joan explained. 
“Promise me you’ll avoid drinking next time, alright?” Larry coaxed. 
Joan nodded obediently and didn’t protest. She would say yes to anything uttered with his magnetic tone. 
“Joan! I prepared some soup to help you with your hangover!” Delilah yelled from the living room. 
“Coming!” Joan quickly answered. 
They got dressed before washing up in the washroom. 
“Here it is. You should drink more of it,” Delilah said as she passed a bowl to Joan. 
“Thank you, Ms. Young. I’m sorry for troubling you,” Joan replied with an awkward smile. 
“If you’re so sorry about it, why did you drink alcohol?” 
Delilah glared at her while she stuffed a piece of toast into her mouth. 
Joan lowered her head in shame at Delilah’s unusually chilly demeanor. 
“Ms. Young, I got a present for you,” Larry blurted. 
Delilah’s head swiveled toward Larry in an instant. 
“Why are you giving me a present all of a sudden?” she questioned.
###Chapter 2631
Chapter 2631 
Gossip Girl 
“The weather’s been cold and dry lately, so I got you a limited-edition hand cream.” Larry passed Delilah a bottle of hand cream on a nearby table. 
“Ah, Larry, this is such an expensive gift,” Delilah muttered as she looked at the hand cream. 
Joan eyed Delilah and Larry in displeasure. 
Larry reached out and caught Joan’s hand in a reassuring grip as if to comfort her. 
“Are you sure this is for me?” Delilah lifted her head and asked. 
“Of course.” He shrugged. 
Delilah left the living room with the hand cream. 
Joan was stewing in jealousy as she ate her breakfast in silence. 
“There, this one’s for you.” Larry produced a small gift box from his pocket and passed it to Joan. 
Joan knew this was a precious gift judging by its intricate packaging. 
“Larry, why are you suddenly getting presents for Ms. Young and me?” she asked gently as she gazed at him. 
“I just felt like it.” He smiled. 
I guess that’s how a rich man thinks.
After breakfast, Larry left for the Norton Corporation. Joan went to the photography studio while Delilah was still admiring her present in glee. 
The other staff members had arrived at the photography studio earlier in the day. No one was late despite last night’s drinking session. 
“Joan?” Abigail greeted her. 
Abigail’s chirpy mood instantly put Joan on guard. She merely nodded at her in reply. 
“So Joan, what’s up with you and Mr. Owens last night?” Joan’s cold attitude did nothing to deter Abigail. 
Oh god. What sordid scenario is she imagining? 
“Get back to work,” Joan ordered. 
“Joan, there’s nothing to be shy about. We’re all adults; you don’t have to be so serious all the time,” she goaded. 
“Plus, both of you are single. I personally think you two are a great match-” 
“If you’re not getting back to work, you can submit your resignation,” Joan interrupted sternly. 
This shocked Abigail, who left without a single word. 
She gossips too much! Joan sighed in relief at her departure. 
Who knew a simple gathering would turn into a matchmaking party instead? 
“What’s up with her? Why’s she in such a bad mood?” Abigail complained.
“She’s in charge here. Why are you provoking her on purpose?” One of her colleagues retorted. 
Meanwhile, Joan sat on the sofa in her office. She stared at the ceiling in a sullen mood. 
“What’s going on?” Caiden entered the office and asked. 
“Nothing.” 
“Are you upset?” he continued. 
“No.” 
Why must he come and find me when I’m already in a funk? Joan turned away and busied herself in work. 
“Were you ok last night?” he asked. 
“Yup,” she answered. 
Caiden was frustrated at her monosyllabic replies. 
I’m just checking on her out of concern. Why must she be so cold toward me? 
“Joan, is there something on your mind? If you can’t focus on work now, you can take a short break,” Caiden said. 
“Caiden!” Joan yelled suddenly. 
“I hope you don’t forget your position. You are the boss, and I’m just one of your many employees,” she said seriously. 
What’s up with her? He stared at Joan in shock.
“I’m done talking. Please leave. I still have work to do,” Joan stated.
###Chapter 2632
Chapter 2632 
Planting Doubts 
Caiden turned and left the office at her hostile behavior. 
Maybe I went overboard? Joan put down the pen in her hand and stared at Caiden’s back. 
Oh well. 
“Mr. Owens!” Abigail shouted as she ran toward Caiden. 
Abigail was no longer intimidated by Caiden after his willing participation in last night’s game. 
“Yes?” Caiden lifted his head and looked at Abigail. He tried to subdue the disappointment on his face. 
“Did you get into a fight with Joan?” she asked bravely. 
A few of her colleagues stared at her with their mouths wide open. They held their breaths in fearful anticipation of their boss’ reaction. 
“No,” Caiden answered. 
Abigail looked awkward. 
“Mr. Owens, I may look young, but I’m an expert when it comes to relationships. I can help you if you need any relationship advice.” 
Wow. She really has no filter. Caiden paused for a moment before leaving without a word. 
“You silly girl! He’s our boss. Why are you sticking your nose into his private affairs?” her supervisor shouted.
“I’m just trying to help them out.” 
“Well, they don’t need your help. They’re perfectly fine.” 
Finally, Abigail realized how awkward the atmosphere had become. She returned to her desk in a huff and began typing furiously on the keyboard. She was pissed. 
Meanwhile, Joan had been alternating between reviewing documents and photos on her computer. It was a busy day. Despite her busy schedule, she could not help but think of Caiden from time to time. She chalked it up to the regret she felt at her earlier hostility. 
“Ms. Watts, someone’s here to see you,” one of the workers yelled from outside her office. 
“Let her in!” Joan replied. 
“Are you busy?” Della asked as she entered Joan’s office. 
“Della? Why are you here?” Joan was surprised at her visit. 
“I’m here to see you,” she said with a smile. 
“I’m sorry, I’m a little busy right now.” 
“That’s fine. I can wait,” Della answered. 
Is she here because of Larry? Joan appraised the woman before her carefully. Her heart sank. 
An hour later, she had finally finished her work for the day. When she lifted her head, she realized all the staff members had left. 
“They’ve all knocked off work,” Della added.
“I see.” 
“Let’s grab a bite,” Della continued. 
“Ms. Duff, I’d appreciate it if you could just be honest with me about your visit,” Joan interrupted. 
“Joan, I think we need to talk,” Della said seriously. 
What else is there to talk about? Joan raised a brow at her but didn’t say anything. 
Why would you be here if not for Larry? 
“What did you want to talk to me about?” Joan asked directly. 
“Do you still love Larry?” Della asked her. 
What a stupid question. I wouldn’t be with Larry now if I didn’t love him! 
“Of course I love him,” she answered firmly. 
“Well, do you know the difficulties that Larry is facing right now?” Della continued. 
Now that was a question for Joan to ponder. 
Larry’s never said a word about Norton Corporation’s growth, and I’ve been busy with the photography studio, so I haven’t asked him either. Is his company really in trouble? Perplexed, Joan could only stare at Della. 
“Larry’s hit some rocks thanks to you. There’ve been a few obstacles lately,” Della stated tactlessly. 
What is she talking about? Joan stared at her sternly while she waited for Della to elaborate.
“Why? Have you forgotten? I’m sure you remember Jake? He’s no longer working with Larry, and his boycott is on an indefinite timeline. It’s all because of you,” Della accused. 
Joan didn’t know how to react to Della’s harsh statement.
###Chapter 2633
Chapter 2633 
Unwelcome Realizations 
While she was not completely clueless about the situation, Joan remembered Larry telling her that he had already solved the problem. 
“It’s the reason he called me back,” Della added. 
So that’s what happened! 
Joan was frozen on the sofa. A hint of guilt appeared in her eyes. 
“If you really love Larry, don’t create more problems for him. He hasn’t told you anything, but he’s actually exhausted.” 
Every time Larry sees me, he’s always in a happy mood. I’ve never seen him upset at all. I guess he was hiding some of his feelings after all. 
“If you can’t do that for him, please just leave him.” Della fired her last shot. 
Della knew she could use logic to fight Joan for Larry’s heart, but she could also play a few dirty tricks if she happened to be in the right mood. 
“Thank you for letting me know about this,” Joan mumbled. She stared at the ceiling, apparently in deep thought. 
“Ok, that’s all I have to say. I have some other things to attend to, so I’m leaving.” Della unlocked her phone as she left Joan’s office.
Joan was immersed in her own bubble of despair at that very moment. She had never expected Jake to do something as extreme as boycotting Larry from future business collaborations. 
“Joan, are you okay?” Abigail asked cautiously as she entered the office. 
Joan waved off her concern. “I’m ok.” 
“This is a contract with one of our clients. I need you to review it.” Abigail placed the document on her desk and left. 
I’m not in the mood to review documents. 
Joan’s whole head was filled with thoughts of Larry. 
I wonder how he’s doing now. He must have felt awkward calling Della back, right? Did he make some sort of deal with her? Joan picked up her phone and immediately dialed Larry’s number. 
“What’s up?” 
She heard a familiar yet tired tone through the receiver. 
“I wanted to talk to you about something,” she said softly. 
Larry was surprised. His gaze darkened as he set down his pen in a hurry. 
“Is something wrong?” he asked. 
“Nothing,” she replied quickly. 
Then why is she suddenly calling me during working hours? Larry stared at his phone suspiciously. 
“Larry, can we just go for a walk?” Joan asked after a long pause.
“Of course.” 
After a few more words, they hung up. 
Joan flipped through her call log and paused when she saw Jake’s phone number. 
She didn’t know whether it was appropriate or whether she still had the right to contact him. 
Half an hour later, she finally plucked up the courage to call him. 
“Sorry, the number you have dialed is no longer in service-” 
I guess he changed his number a while back. 
She hesitated for a moment longer before tiding her clothes and leaving the photography studio. 
In the M Group office, countless employees were bustling about their tasks. They looked as if they barely had the time to stop and take even a sip of water. 
“Miss, I’m afraid I can’t let you meet our president if you don’t have an appointment,” the receptionist addressed Joan apologetically. 
“Could you let your president know that Joan Watts is here to see him?” Joan asked anxiously, 
“I’m really sorry, Miss. I can’t let you meet the president if you don’t have an appointment,” the receptionist repeated herself. 
“Then, is there any way I could contact your president?” Joan asked. 
“I’m sorry. We don’t interfere with the president’s private affairs. Though-” The receptionist hesitated. 
“Though what?” Joan latched onto her hesitation immediately.
###Chapter 2634
Chapter 2634 
Confrontation 
“You could call his office.” The receptionist handed her desk phone to Joan. 
Joan was touched at her kind gesture. She thanked the receptionist profusely. 
The phone in Jake’s office began ringing a short while later. 
“Yes?” he asked coldly. 
“Jake, it’s me, Joan. Can I talk to you about something? I’m in your office lobby right now,” Joan blurted in a hurry. 
Joan? He lifted his head and stared at his office door moodily. 
“There’s nothing more for us to say to each other.” Jake was about to hang up after that statement. 
“Wait! There are still things that I want to talk to you about,” Joan interrupted. 
“You can say them now. Or I’m hanging up.” 
“Let’s meet up, please,” she begged. 
I would’ve fallen for that pitiful voice hook, line, and sinker in the past. Jake merely scoffed as an annoyed expression appeared on his face. 
“Joan, our relationship ended the moment Faye died.” Jake ended the call. 
I can sympathize with his reaction to my call, but that doesn’t mean I’ll agree with some of his actions!
“Miss, I think the president is in a bad mood today. Maybe you can come again next time,” the receptionist suggested. 
“Thank you. Why are you helping me, though?” Joan was curious. 
“Because you remind me of my older sister,” the receptionist explained sincerely. 
Joan was not in a rush to leave despite Jake’s direct rejection. Instead, she lingered in front of the office, waiting for Jake to get off work. 
Time passed in a hurry. Most of the M Group employees had already left, but Joan saw no sign of Jake. 
Is he working overtime? She stared into the office, but there was still no sign of him. 
I can wait a bit longer. I’m sure a president like him has a lot of work to do. 
An hour passed. Soon, all the street lamps shone brightly. Still, Jake was nowhere to be seen. 
“Ms. Watts? Why are you still here?” 
It was the receptionist. 
“I’m waiting for your president to get off work,” Joan scratched the back of her head as she answered abashedly. 
“Miss, I think you should leave. He might not even be going home tonight.” 
What? He’s going to work through the night? Joan stared at the receptionist uncomprehendingly, hoping for some clarification. 
“We’ve been swamped with work lately. In fact, our president has spent the past two nights in his office,” the receptionist explained.
Oh dear! Joan turned to look at the deserted lobby. 
“You should get going,” the receptionist advised. 
“Ok, I will. Thank you again.” Joan waved goodbye at her. 
There’s no one else in the office. If I go in now, no one’s going to stop me, right? 
Joan beelined through the lobby and headed toward Jake’s office. 
Jake was still typing on his computer in his office. He looked like he was dealing with some serious matters. Suddenly, Joan felt bad about disturbing him. 
Knock! 
She knocked lightly on the door in case she startled him. 
“Come in,” Jake said without even lifting his head. 
She pushed opened the door gently and walked into the office cautiously. 
“Yes?” Jake’s eyes were glued to the computer screen. 
“Aren’t you going home?” Joan asked gently. 
Jake froze in the middle of his task. Slowly, he lifted his head and glared at Joan. 
“Why are you here?” he asked. 
“I wanted to talk to you,” she replied. 
“There’s nothing for us to talk about,” he spat.
###Chapter 2635
Chapter 2635 
A Close Call 
“Jake, I know that you hate me. You can take out your anger on me, but please don’t extend your hatred to those who are around me,” Joan pleaded shakily. 
She must be referring to the collapsed deals with Norton Corporation. Jake got up and walked toward her. He kept a poker face on the whole time. 
“Why? Do you feel guilty?” he goaded. 
“I know you’re not a bad person. I believe you truly loved Faye as well, but please trust me that the car accident was nothing but a horrid tragedy,” Joan explained, though she knew nothing she said could change Jake’s belief that she was Faye’s murderer. 
“Joan, don’t think I’ll fall for your pitiful act!” He scorned. 
I guess that’s that, then. Joan got up slowly to leave. 
“You’re just going to give up like that? I guess your love for Larry was a lot weaker than I thought!” Jake made a show of clapping as he mocked Joan’s retreat. 
Well, what else can I do? Allow him to humiliate me further after I’ve already gone on my knees and begged him to spare Norton Corporation? 
“Sorry for disturbing you.” 
Joan was about to leave his office when she was suddenly lifted from behind. 
In the blink of an eye, Jake had tossed her onto a sofa in his office.
“Jake, what are you doing?” Joan crossed her arms in front of her as she asked in horror. 
“Well, there is something you can do to save Norton Corporation,” he said. 
Joan’s eyes brightened. 
“What do you want?” she asked in a hurry. 
“I want you to spend the night with me,” he replied calmly. 
Is he insane? How can he ask me to do that? 
“Let me go! I want to leave!” Joan shouted as she tried to push him off. 
But her struggles did little to budge Jake. 
“Jake, please! The person you love is Faye!” Joan yelled in a desperate attempt to escape from him. 
“And? She’s dead! She died because of you! Why? Are you scared now? Hmph, this is the punishment you deserve!” Jake looked like he was about to start undressing her. 
“Get off!” 
The struggle continued until Joan managed to land a hard slap on his face. 
“Ah!” 
Jake got up immediately as he held his cheek. He looked deranged. 
“Y-you! You b*tch, how dare you?” 
His cheek was red and swollen from her unexpectedly strong hit.
“I didn’t think you’d become someone like this!” Joan grabbed her purse and ran from the office. 
This is all your fault! He thought bitterly to himself as she left. 
Joan headed home immediately. 
When she walked into the living room, she saw Delilah and Lucius watching the TV. They looked like they were having a nice time. 
“Mommy, where did you go?” Lucius launched himself into Joan’s arms once he saw her. 
“Mommy had a few things to do today. How are you? Did you give Grandma a hard time?” She stroked his head fondly. 
“Of course, I’m always well-behaved!” He puffed up his chest proudly. 
“Joan, I made some soup. You should drink some!” Delilah called out without shifting her attention from the TV. 
“Ok!” 
Joan went to ladle herself a bowl of soup in the kitchen. Just then, Lucius rushed in carefully. 
“Mommy, I have a huge secret to tell you,” he tried to whisper in her ear. 
“Hmm? What is it?” She dialed up the curiosity in her tone. 
“Grandma has a boyfriend.” 
Joan had not expected this.
What is he saying? Ms. Young’s not the type to get a boyfriend out of the blue. She shook her head in disbelief as she tapped his forehead. 
“Mommy, it’s true! I saw her boyfriend when he sent her home,” Lucius explained in a hurry.
###Chapter 2636
Chapter 2636 
A Horrid Misunderstanding 
Now Joan was interested. 
“When? Where did they go? Is he handsome? He didn’t bully her, right?” 
Her string of questions confused Lucius. 
“Erm, he was quite handsome. He was very tall too, and he wore a cap-” 
Before Lucius had finished his sentence, Joan had rushed into the living room to confront Delilah. 
“Ms. Young, I heard that you have a boyfriend now?” Joan teased Delilah. 
Delilah seemed flustered at her question. 
Joan smirked at her reaction. 
“Of course not. Lucius is just spinning some tall tales,” Delilah protested weakly. 
“I didn’t say Lucius told me about it,” Joan pointed out. 
Delilah blushed furiously. 
“It’s perfectly fine to date at any age as long as you’re happy,” Joan said. 
“I’m going to sleep.” Delilah beelined for her bedroom without answering Joan. 
What a cute lady! Joan’s eyes filled with humor as she watched Delilah’s escape.
I guess it’s good if she found someone she really loved. 
Joan glanced at her watch. Larry was nowhere to be seen despite the late hour. 
It was pitch-black outside. Even the moon was absent. Joan began to feel uneasy. Eventually, she pulled out her phone and called him. 
“Hello?” A woman answered the call. 
When Joan heard her voice, her heart sank. Her hands began shaking as she hesitated on what to say. 
“Where’s Larry?” she collected herself before asking. 
“He’s taking a bath,” Della replied. 
The phone slipped from Joan’s grasp onto the floor. 
“Hello? Joan?” 
Della’s voice drifted out of the receiver. 
Why is Larry with Della at such a late hour? She leaned on the wall to support herself. 
“Joan? Is there something you want to say?” Della asked loudly. 
“Nothing.” She hung up. 
What is she doing? Della frowned at her phone. 
I wasn’t lying when I said Larry was taking a bath. 
“Hey? Are you done?” Della asked.
“Yes.” Larry came out of the shower after getting dressed. 
“I’m sure the server made a careless mistake. You shouldn’t-” 
“I know,” he cut in. 
When they were having dinner earlier, one of the servers accidentally knocked into Larry, spilling some soup on his suit. Larry decided to book a hotel room so he could clean himself up. 
“Let’s go.” Larry made a move to leave. 
“Larry!” 
Suddenly, Della hugged him tightly from behind. 
“Della, let go!” Larry demanded. 
“No, I won’t”, she answered pettily. 
“Della, you should know your boundaries.” 
Larry’s voice was tinged with displeasure. 
I may treat you as a capable business partner, but that doesn’t mean you can get away with anything you please! 
“Larry, why won’t you accept me? I like you so much!” Della exclaimed flirtatiously. 
“I made myself very clear. Nothing can ever happen between the two of us,” Larry said firmly. 
Urgh, why does he have such a strong resolve? Della was indignant.
“Would you be with me if Joan was no longer in the picture?” she asked. 
“No!” His rejection was immediate. 
This had nothing to do with Joan. 
Larry couldn’t deny that love was a mysterious thing. It could take hold of someone with something as insignificant as a facial expression or disappear with time and distance. But what he did know was that his relationship with Della could only be that of a platonic nature.
###Chapter 2637
Chapter 2637 
A Woman Scorned 
“Why must you be so cruel to me? Haven’t I been nice enough to you?” Della continued. 
“Della, if you don’t wish to cooperate with me, feel free to cancel all the partnerships between you and Norton Corporation. I’m not stopping you,” Larry said. 
Della finally loosened her grip. 
“Don’t you like me at all?” 
“No.” 
Della shook her head in despair as her eyes welled up with tears. 
“The only person I love is Joan.” Larry tidied his clothes and left the room. 
Della clenched her fists in anger as she watched him leave. Her gaze was cold as ice. 
I’m not going to play nice anymore. I have to make him mine! 
Larry headed home straightaway instead of going to his office. 
Meanwhile, Joan was already lying in bed as she replayed the scene of that devastating phone call over and over in her head. 
Click! 
Someone opened the door. Is he back? Joan leaped off the bed and walked to the living room.
“You’re home,” she greeted him. 
“Why aren’t you asleep?” he asked in concern. 
“Oh, I couldn’t fall asleep,” she replied. 
“Why? Are things too hectic at the photography studio?” Larry rushed over and pulled her into his side. 
Joan’s heart ached when she took in his exhausted appearance. 
“Larry, how are things at your office?” she asked carefully. 
Stunned, Larry paused for a moment before flicking her forehead with a small laugh. 
“Why are you suddenly so interested in Norton Corporation?” Don’t worry, everything’s fine.” 
Is it? Joan forced a smile but wondered why he wasn’t telling her the truth. 
“Larry, don’t lie to me. Did Jake end all his partnerships with your company?” Joan blurted. 
He smiled gently as he caressed her hair. 
“It’s fine. Everything’s great.” 
“I’m sorry.” She hugged him tightly as she apologized. 
Neither would expect Jake’s future retaliation toward Norton Corporation. 
The next morning, the room was bright and warm from the sunlight. Joan and Larry had slept comfortably in each other’s embrace. 
“It’s time to get up,” Larry said softly as he nudged Joan’s elbow.
“I’m so tired.” Joan kept her hold on his neck. 
Delilah seemed to know that today was not a good time to wake them up early in the morning. Instead, she left quietly after eating breakfast. 
“Don’t overthink things next time. There’s nothing Jake can do to stop the growth of Norton Corporation,” Larry comforted her while gently patting her back. 
“Ok,” she replied. 
They enjoyed each other’s company a moment longer before finally getting up. 
“I’ll send you to work,” Larry offered after they had both eaten breakfast. 
“It’s ok. It’s not on the way for you. You should get going!” She waved goodbye at him before she left. 
Joan felt reassured after a good night’s sleep. Little did she know that she would be hit with some upsetting news again. 
Women were strange creatures. When they were happy, they could carry on with their lives without a care for the world. Yet, when they were upset, they could recall every unfortunate incident in their lives. 
Joan had already forgotten about how Della had answered Larry’s phone last night. One little smile from Larry was enough to push her into a drugged state of joy. She could not bring herself to cling on to such inconsequential matters. 
Yet all these little incidents were catalysts for a huge misunderstanding. They were merely waiting for the right moment to strike. 
“Joan, we’re leaving!”
“Hey Joan, I’m going off!” 
The staff outside her office left one after another. Soon, she was the only one left in the photography studio.
###Chapter 2638
Chapter 2638 
Drawing Boundaries 
“You’re still here?” Caiden seemed worried. 
“Yes, I still have some work to do,” Joan answered earnestly. 
“You shouldn’t work overtime. Just go home. I’m not planning on making money on this studio anyway.” Caiden tried to convince her to leave. 
This caught Joan’s attention. 
“Caiden, I swear I’m going to help you turn a profit on this studio!” she declared determinedly. 
Caiden couldn’t help but smile at her bold declaration, though there was still a hint of frustration in his eyes. 
Ah well, she can go on thinking that way if that makes her happy. 
“Ok. While I appreciate your enthusiasm, it really is late. Come on; I’ll give you a lift home!” He tugged Joan’s elbow, planning to drag her out of the office with him. 
“Hey, wait. Don’t touch me.” Joan shrugged off his hand. 
Caiden felt awkward at her actions. Clearing his throat, he headed straight for his car. 
“I can go home myself,” she said quietly. 
“It’s late, and it’s not safe for you to go home alone. Come on. I’ll give you a lift,” Caiden prodded from inside his car.
“Are you going to let Ms. Young and Lucius wait even longer for you before they eat dinner?” 
Joan hesitated at his argument. She caved and got into his car. 
“Why are you avoiding me? I’m not a cannibal, you know,” Caiden joked. 
“I just think we should maintain a distance,” Joan answered from the backseat. 
She didn’t ride shotgun for fear of any unexpected incidents. 
“Joan, you’re my employee. Exactly what sort of distance are you imagining? Total ignorance?” Caiden asked in exasperation. 
“I want to focus on managing the photography studio. I want to turn a profit for you, and I want to get better benefits for the staff. There’s nothing else on my agenda.” 
“Pfft!” 
Suddenly, the car came to a halt. Caiden turned around and stared at her angrily. 
“Joan, can you just be honest with me? If it wasn’t for this team, would you agree to work at my photography studio?” 
Well, duh. 
“No!” she answered. 
Caiden gritted his teeth at her confident reply. He continued driving. 
“Do you really hate me so much?”
“I don’t hate you. I just think we should focus on our own work instead of spending time on meaningless pursuits.” 
Caiden pounded his fist on the steering wheel, shocking Joan. Her gaze filled with fear. 
“Get off. You’re home,” Caiden announced gruffly. 
This time, he did not get off to greet Delilah. 
As she watched the car speed away, Joan lowered her head. I can’t compromise on this! 
“Who sent you home?” Delilah asked as she approached Joan. 
“Caiden.” 
Delilah knitted her brows as she watched the car disappearing into the distance. 
“Is he still bothering you?” 
“No, Ms. Young. You’re worrying too much.” She patted Delilah’s elbow to reassure her. 
Well, let’s hope that’s really the case! Delilah turned around and ambled into the living room. 
“Where’s Larry? He’s not back yet?” Joan asked as she removed her jacket. 
“Daddy said he needs to work overtime tonight, so he’s not coming home for dinner,” Lucius piqued up. 
He’s still so busy! She shrugged in frustration. 
At that moment, Larry was busy reviewing project materials in his office. 
“Larry, let’s go,” Caspian said as he entered Larry’s office.
“Hmm, you can head off first,” Larry replied distractedly. 
Caspian looked at Larry and eventually decided to leave. 
He was going on a date with Jessica tonight, and he wanted to freshen up at home before meeting her.
###Chapter 2639
Chapter 2639 
A Passionate Fight 
When he reached his house, Caspian spied a man badgering the woman he loved. 
“Jessica, you haven’t texted me in a while,” Jasper said while he grabbed her elbow. 
“Jasper, I thought I made myself very clear. I have a boyfriend, and we’re living together now. Please leave me alone,” Jessica stammered as she struggled to break free. 
“That’s fine. I can wait,” he replied plainly. 
Jasper had not confronted Caspian till now because he had been patiently waiting for Caspian and Jessica to split up. Then, he could swoop in and lead the life he had always deserved with Jessica. 
Evidently, he had underestimated the strength of their relationship. 
“You shouldn’t wait for me anymore. I don’t love you at all. I’ve never loved you, and I’ll never love you in the future!” Jessica shrugged off his hand vehemently as she prepared to leave. 
“Jessica! Are you sure you want to see Caspian get into trouble?” 
His quiet threat sent shivers up Jessica’s spine. She froze in her tracks. 
“What are you trying to do? You can’t harm Caspian,” she shouted. 
“That’s not up to you!” Jasper pulled out a paring knife from his pocket, blowing on the tip as if to taunt her. 
“Jasper, don’t do this!”
“As long as you come with me, I promise I’ll learn to be a better man.” He patted his chest in earnest reply. 
“Or else,” he laughed menacingly at the knife in his hands. 
“Or else what?” Caspian couldn’t hold himself back any longer. 
“Caspian!” 
Jessica ran to him and hugged him tightly. 
“Oh? Such great timing. I was just planning to look for you.” Jasper approached him slowly. 
“Oh ya? Why’s that?” Caspian rebuked. 
“Jessica is my girlfriend from now on. And you can f*ck off!” Jasper yelled. 
What a joke! Does he think he can strongarm himself a girlfriend? Caspian shook his head as he scoffed at Jasper, whose expression was utterly fearsome. 
“That all depends on Jessica,” Caspian answered as he tightened his grip on her waist. 
“I don’t want to be his girlfriend!” Jessica burrowed deeper into his hug. 
Caspian was the one for her. Jessica would never give up that easily on him. 
“Jessica, what did you say?” Jasper fumed. 
Is he throwing a tantrum now? Jessica stared at Jasper disdainfully. 
“I said, I’m Caspian’s girlfriend! Not your woman!” Jessica screamed. 
Jasper exploded.
A strong punch landed on Caspian’s face. 
Caspian staggered slightly from the impact but quickly pushed Jessica behind him to shield her. 
“Jasper, if you’re going to be like this, I’m calling the cops!” Jessica announced. 
It seemed like Jasper had lost his mind. He began pummeling Caspian as if he was in a trance. Caspian couldn’t hold himself back any longer and fought back to defend himself. 
“Hey, stop fighting! Both of you!” 
Jessica’s screams were ignored. The two men showed no signs of backing down. 
“It’s all because of you! If you’re gone, Jessica will definitely stay with me!” Jasper landed a punch on Caspian’s chest. 
“If she really likes you, I won’t stop her from being with you!” Caspian retorted as he lunged for Jasper. 
Soon enough, both men’s faces swelled with cuts and bruises. Still, the fight showed no signs of abating. 
Jessica was out of options. She called the cops. 
“Hello? 911? There are two men fighting here.” 
The cop cars arrived a short moment later. They were all detained at the police station. 
“What’s the reason for this fight?” a cop asked seriously as he gulped some water.
###Chapter 2640
Chapter 2640 
Truce 
Caspian and Jasper exchanged cold eyes with each other. 
“I just wanted to beat him to his *ss!” Jasper answered loudly. 
“So am I!” Caspian refused to back down neither. 
The cop interrogating them, Inspector Ken could no longer hold back his laughter and uncontrollably spat out the water from his mouth. 
“Oh my, Inspector! Couldn’t you be a little more civilized?” The female cop standing next to him complained while wiping her uniform. 
“I’m so sorry. I couldn’t help it.” Inspector Ken immediately apologized while coughing. 
A few moments later, he tidied up his uniform and feigned a serious look at the two men. 
“Now, both of you tell me why exactly did you fight? No lies!” 
His intimidating voice echoed through the whole station like thunder. 
“Inspector, this is just a misunderstanding. We were fooling around. As you see, the weather is freezing, so we merely did some warmups.” Jasper was swift in an attempt to avoid more trouble. 
“He’s absolutely right. There is no problem between us. Look, we are both fine and uninjured.” Caspian played the same move as well.
What the h*ck. This is interesting. Inspector Ken started observing the two of them from head to toes. After that, he shifted his gaze upon Jessica who was standing beside and soon came to a realization. 
“It’s all because of her, right?” His observation was indeed sharp and experienced. 
The both men froze in their spots at once. 
“No… it’s not like that…” Both denied quickly but unnaturally. 
“Come on. It’s not embarrassing to admit it. Even heroes fall for beauties.” 
Hearing that, both of them looked down at the floor, out of words. 
Seconds later, Caspian abruptly lifted his head and looked back at the inspector. 
“Actually, she is our judge!” Caspian said while slightly pushing Jasper’s arm. 
“Yes… right. Whoever loses has to treat the other to dinner. And we asked her to judge for us,” Jasper added right away. 
These bast*rds! Turns out they are quite tacit! 
“Caspian!” 
Right at that moment, Larry barged in the police station. 
“Mr. Norton, why are you here?” Inspector Ken stood up immediately to greet him. 
“Caspian, are you alright?” Larry ignored the inspector and walked right up to Caspian. 
“Larry, what are you doing here? I’m fine.” Startled by Larry, Caspian abruptly stood up and answered.
Fine? Look at your face and all the bruises on your arms and legs. How is this fine? Larry’s chest heaved up and down as he tried to suppress his rage, looking at the disheveled Caspian. 
“I’m sorry, Larry.” Jessica ran up to Larry and lowered her head before him, while tears welled up in her eyes. 
“It’s okay. I will handle you after this.” Larry replied indifferently. 
“Inspector, these two are my men. And they didn’t mean to cause this fuss. Could you please let them go this time…” While Larry was explaining, he threw an eye at Jasper ferociously. 
Why is he staring at me? This is not my fault alone. Jasper side-eyed back at Larry but did not say a word. 
After the procedure, Larry took the three of them out of the police station. 
“Tell me what the h*ll happened!” He began interrogating them the second he stepped out of the station. 
Those three exchanged eyes with each other while none dared to open their mouths. 
“Frankly, it is quite embarrassing…”Caspian mumbled while casting a cold glance at Jasper. 
“Why don’t we forget about it. Let me buy you guys a drink, okay?” Jasper interrupted abruptly. 
“Okay, deal!” Caspian responded without any hesitation. 
Are the two of them out of their minds? Moments ago, they were trying to kill each other. How could they act like brothers now? 
Jessica stared at them in bewilderment, unable to comprehend the situation.
“Alright, Larry. Let’s go. We’ll talk while eating.” Caspian wrapped his arms around Larry’s shoulder. 
By that time, the temperature outside had decreased again, yet the freezing breeze did not seem to affect the warmth between these few people.
###Chapter 2641
Chapter 2641 
Drunk 
“Come, Caspian! Here’s to you!” Jasper held up a beer and toasted. 
“Come, Jasper! I toast you for your fighting spirit!” 
As the two of them were savoring the moment, they seemed to totally forget the existence of Jessica. 
“Now you can talk. Tell me why they fought,” Larry asked Jessica. 
“Because of me.” Jessica gazed at him, with misery written all over her face. 
“So Jasper likes you?” Larry got straight to the point. 
Jessica did not answer but nodded her head. 
“You are an attractive woman.” Larry let out a smile. 
Larry’s sudden change of mood left Jessica befuddled for a while. 
“Don’t worry. It’s all fine now. Look at them. I am sure they will become good friends in the future,” Larry said while eating from his plate. 
It was beyond obvious that Caspian and Jasper were both similar loyal types with upholding justice. As the saying goes, the same feathers flock together. 
“Come, one more toast!” Caspian shouted in excitement. 
“Caspian, I didn’t expect you’re such a strong drinker!” Jasper patted Caspian’s arms strongly.
“Larry, do you think I’m a bad person?” Jessica uttered softly. 
“Nope. Not at all.” Larry shook his head without hesitating. 
In the end, as expected, Caspian and Jasper were drunk. 
“Alright. You deal with him properly tomorrow. See you then.” Larry sent Caspian and Jessica back to their house and left at once. 
Staring at Caspian, who was lying on the bed, a dark expression loomed over Jessica’s face. She was uncertain if she should be happy or sad at the moment. 
The next morning, sunlight shone through the windows, filling the room with warmth. Caspian rolled over on the bed, trying to hug his woman, but only to notice no one beside him. 
What? Where has she gone to? Caspian rubbed his eyes and scanned the room. 
“Jessica?” he called out softly. 
To his puzzlement, there was no trace of her anywhere. 
“Jessica? I am awake.” He started to raise his voice. 
He looked through all the places urgently but was left disappointed. 
Where the h*ll did she go? Without wasting time, he took up his phone and called Jessica. 
“Sorry, the number you have dialed is unavailable…” 
Deep down, Caspian started feeling a sense of unease. 
Without hesitation, he changed his clothes and headed out.
He stopped by all the hotels nearby and made sure Jessica was not in any of them. 
With that, he began to panic. 
Don’t tell me that Jasper kidnapped her. The scene of their fight from the previous day instantly taunted his mind. 
That’s hardly possible! I doubt Jasper would pull out something so despicable! He shook his head forcefully, trying hard to clear his thought. 
Ring… Ring… Ring… 
Just then, his phone rang. 
“Caspian, please go and buy your own breakfast ya. I won’t be back so soon.” Jessica’s tone sounded sleepy. 
“Where are you?” Caspian asked nervously. 
“I’m with Larry. Don’t worry.” Upon saying that, Jessica hung up the phone. 
Larry was the one who sent Caspian back the previous night. According to their deal, Jessica would need to work for Larry for a week. 
“Larry, it’s not that I want to mention, but aren’t you going to pay me since I work for you so diligently?” Jessica complained while busy with her work. 
“I thought you were voluntary,” Larry replied while he continued to type on his keyboard. 
Indeed, I volunteered for this. But the point is, if I didn’t, there would be no one to send Caspian back home! How was I supposed to move him all by myself?
Thud! 
Out of a sudden, someone kicked the door open forcefully. 
“Jessica!” Caspian shouted. 
“What are you doing? Are you out of your mind?” Jessica was shocked to see Caspian. 
“Obviously he misses you,” Larry replied curtly. 
“You scared me to death. I thought something bad happened to you.” Caspian rushed over and hugged Jessica tightly.
###Chapter 2642
Chapter 2642 
Barged In 
“Okay, that’s enough. No public display of affection allowed in the workplace. Or else you will be fired.” Larry did not turn his face. 
“Larry, please fire me then.” Jessica joked without any embarrassment. 
“Except you!” Larry changed his mind swiftly. 
Back in the hotel room, Jasper was still sleeping soundly on his bed, without any awareness of the time. 
“Uh…” He finally opened his eyes and gave a big stretch. 
He stood up and pulled the curtain open, but he closed them back the moment unexpected sunlight pierced through his eyes. 
Why am I in a hotel? Jasper frowned in confusion looking at his surroundings. 
“Good morning, sir. Your breakfast is here.” Just then, a server knocked at the door. 
“Who sent me here?” Jasper questioned as soon as he opened the door. 
“I am sorry, sir. I am just here to send the breakfast.” Upon saying, the server left before Jasper could respond. 
What’s with that attitude? Jasper shut the door angrily and started gobbling up the breakfast.
Wait, where is Caspian? Where has he gone to? With that, Jasper’s face lit up with slight joy, as he did not expect that he would meet such an honorable man like Caspian. 
After Jasper has done packing his stuff, he left the hotel at once. 
He did not go home and did not head to the nightclub. Instead, he drove towards Norton Corporation. 
“I am sorry, sir. But no one can see Mr. Norton without an appointment.” As expected, he was blocked at the receptionist counter. 
“I don’t need an appointment. I just had a wonderful time drinking together with your boss yesterday! Let me in…” Jasper did not care about any proper protocol of the company. 
“Sir, please stop! I will be fired if I let you in!” The receptionist begged desperately. 
At once, Jasper turned silent as his mind pondered for an alternative for such a situation. 
“Then please make a call to Larry. Tell him that Jasper is here for him.” 
“Okay!” Seeing that Jasper was willing to cooperate, the receptionist dialed on the landline in relief. 
“Mr. Norton, there is a man named Jasper who insists on seeing you.” The receptionist’s voice started to tremble when Larry picked up the call. 
Needless to say, it was utterly uncommon for someone to barge in and demand to meet the head of the company, especially not someone who dressed like Jasper. 
“Let him in.” Larry left a sentence and hung up. 
The receptionist was left at a complete loss with this. 
Who exactly is this man?
“Sir… Mr. Norton asks you to go in.” The receptionist then changed her attitude and invited Jasper in. 
With a bright mood, Jasper tidied up his outfit and stepped inside. 
“Hello, old friend! We meet again!” Jasper’s loud manly voice echoed through the whole office as he walked in. 
All the colleagues on the spot were stunned by this rare visitor. 
“Since when does Mr. Norton make friends with such people?” 
“I have no idea. Look at him. I bet he’s some gangster.” 
The next moment, gossip naturally started to spread among some colleagues in the pantry. 
“Why are you here?” Larry asked as soon as he saw Jasper. 
“I come to visit you, and Jessica, and Caspian,” Jasper answered. 
Is it truly that simple? Larry examined the man in front of him and let out a smile. 
“Get to the point if you have anything important. I’m really busy and don’t have time to entertain anyone,” Larry continued. 
“There’s no need to entertain me! I just wanted to ask. Larry, do you still have any vacancy for… say, a bodyguard?” Jasper walked towards him and asked in a low voice. 
“Nope, we don’t!” Before Larry could answer, Jessica’s voice appeared from behind. 
Hearing Jessica’s voice, a trace of shyness appeared on that masculine face of Jasper.
“Indeed, we don’t have any vacancy for the bodyguard, but we do lack some security guards.” Later, Larry replied while reading through some documents. 
“Security guards work for me!” Jasper responded happily. “And I still have a lot of friends…” 
“Ask all of them to come here then,” Larry said calmly. 
At that instant, everyone on the spot was stunned and left speechless.
###Chapter 2643
Chapter 2643 
New Employment 
Is Larry kidding? I’m not dreaming, am I? Jasper immediately gave himself a slap in the face. 
“Larry, are you serious with what you said?” Jasper could not suppress his excitement. 
“Of course. I mean it,” Larry answered nonchalantly. 
The most confused person was none other than Caspian, who was standing at the corner. Not only could he not comprehend Larry’s harsh decision, but he was confused at the motive Jasper came to their company. 
“Should I go and contact my friends then?” Jasper asked, still in slight disbelief of this good news. 
“Go ahead,” Larry replied curtly. 
The second Jasper stepped out of the company, Caspian and Jessica could no longer hold back their curiosity. 
“Larry, are you alright? How could you let them work here?” 
“Exactly. Larry, are you having a fever or something?” Jessica reached out her hand to touch Larry’s forehead. 
“Go away!” Larry brushed her hand away in frustration. 
“I know you guys don’t like Jasper at all. But we have to admit that he is indeed a rare talent!” Larry started to explain.
Jessica burst into laughter upon hearing that. 
Which part of that man could be considered as a talent? 
“Larry, are you planning to replace me?” Caspian suddenly asked with caution. 
Larry already expected this question from him, so of course, he was fully prepared to react. 
“Caspian, you are my brother. You know that I won’t leave you no matter what happens. But maybe you should spend some time off, perhaps go on a vacation with Jessica…” Larry said in a low voice. 
Caspian came to realize instantly that Larry was concerned about him. That was why he was trying to find an extra hand. If that was the case, there was nothing he could be angry about. 
In fact, this had been a real issue for Larry. If one day Caspian were to get married to Jessica, they would surely go for a honeymoon. If Larry did not hire someone else, all their works would be forced to be left unattended. 
“Thank you, Larry. I understand now,” Caspian replied gratefully. 
“What are you thanking him for? What about me? Won’t it be awkward if I have to work with Jasper?” Jessica, however, had a totally different stand. 
“What’s so awkward? Jasper has already let you go.” Larry resumed his work on his desk. 
Really? Since when? Jessica ran over to Larry’s side and began showing good gestures by massaging his shoulder. 
“Larry, what did you find out?” Jessica questioned softly. 
“Didn’t you notice? Yesterday he had become so close with Caspian. I’m sure that he won’t want to lose their friendship for a woman,” Larry answered directly.
“Larry!” Jessica responded in a clipped tone. 
In an instant, the pen in Larry’s hand dropped on the desk. 
“Do you mean that I’m not that attractive?” Jessica crossed her arms while staring at Larry. 
Larry did not say a word, but only nodded slightly. 
“Argh!” Her scream echoed in the office. 
“Caspian, tell me! Am I attractive or not?” Jessica ran over to Caspian and asked in dismay. 
“Of course you are. You are the most attractive woman I’ve ever met.” Caspian patted gently on her back to comfort her. 
Only Caspian will spoil her like this. Larry shook his head and let out a sigh. 
In fact, Jessica would not behave like this at all at her own bookstore. But when she was with Larry and Caspian, she subconsciously turned into a little girl. Even she could not figure why but she never cared about her own image in front of them. 
“Ain’t I cute?” Jessica burrowed deeper into Caspian’s hug. 
“Yes, you are the cutest,” Caspian responded at once. 
“Then take me somewhere nice.” Jessica continued to coax. 
“Let’s go. Anything for you.” 
Upon saying that, the two of them left the office.
It’s nice to see them like this. Larry stared at that romantic couple, and let out a glance of gratification mixed with slight envy.
###Chapter 2644
Chapter 2644 
Threatening Call 
I wonder what’s Joan doing at the moment? Larry turned to look out the windows with a sorrowful glint in his eyes. 
On the other hand, the massive development of M Group had recently caught the attention of all major companies. Everyone was starting to generate a fear towards Jake and worried about their assets being taken over instantly. 
“How’s it going?” At another office, Jake was questioning his assistant. 
“It is almost done. Don’t worry,” The assistant responded steadfastly. 
Great! I can’t wait to see how Larry would react to this incident! Jake’s hand clenched into a fist by his side, his gaze growing sharp. 
All of these happen thanks to you, Joan! 
“However, Mr. Wilson, are you sure you gonna do it? Someone from the board of directors has already…” The assistant choked on her words. 
“Just ignore them and do as I say!” Jake was not interested at all in what the assistant had in mind. 
The assistant stared helplessly at Jake and left the office. 
Meanwhile, in the photography studio, everybody was bustling about, including Joan. 
“Joan, you should take a break.” Abigail came and said.
“Alright. I’m almost done.” Joan rubbed her forehead. 
Abigail was somehow heartbroken looking at the exhausted Joan. 
Since Faye passed away, Joan had not hired any new assistant. 
“Joan, what if I try to find another assistant for you? What do you think?” Abigail voiced out her suggestion carefully. 
For an instant, Joan’s pen paused. 
“I don’t need it,” she answered. 
“But look at you. You’re overworking every day. We’re worried to see you like this.” 
“I’m fine. You don’t have to worry. I’m well aware of my own body.” 
She’s so stubborn! Moments later, Abigail walked out of the office helplessly, somehow infuriated. 
“How was it? Did she agree?” One of the colleagues asked. 
Abigail shook her head sadly. 
“Whatever. Let’s just forget it!” 
Back in the office, Joan was gazing at the sky outside, with her eyes seemed slightly decadent. 
Faye, how have you been? Instantly, her eyes started brimming with tears. 
If I didn’t ask you to send those documents, all these would not have happened! 
Joan raised her head and looked at the ceiling above, trying to hold back the tears in her eyes.
Just then, her phone rang. It’s Jake! 
“Have you decided?” Jake retorted on the phone. 
Decide about what? For a moment, Joan was confounded by what Jake meant. 
“Did you forget about it so fast?” Jake urged in a low voice. 
“Jake, what exactly do you want?” Joan tried to collect herself. 
“Spend a night with me, then I will let go of all the grudges between us,” he responded playfully. 
Joan suddenly recalled the reason she visited him last time. 
“Not in a million years!” she answered resolutely. 
“Don’t make a conclusion so soon. I bet you’ll agree eventually.” 
Upon hearing that, a vague uneasiness slowly crept up of Joan. She feared if anything unexpected would happen, that was beyond her control. 
“What’s wrong? Are you okay?” Larry wrapped his arms around her shoulder gently. 
“I’m fine.” Joan assured him. 
Larry knew she had something on her mind as it was written all over her face. He could not help feeling confused and complicated. 
“Alright, it’s late. Go to bed.” A short moment later, Larry stroked her back gently. 
“How about you? Aren’t you going to sleep?”
“I still got some unfinished work,” he replied. 
He’s so busy, as always. In fact, she was still learning to adapt. 
“Larry!” Before Joan walked into the bedroom, she suddenly turned and called out to him. 
“What is it?” 
“Um, how is Norton Corporation lately?” she asked.
###Chapter 2645
Chapter 2645 
Time To Let Go 
“Quite fine,” Larry responded with a cool smile. 
Upon seeing his smile, Joan heaved a sigh of relief. 
She was deeply concerned that Jake would make a move on Norton Corporation. Larry had poured his blood and sweat into Norton Corporation. Thus she could not bear to see anything happen to it. 
The next morning, Joan was wakened up by the warm sunlight that slipped through the curtain in her room. The sun seemed to rise earlier than any other day. 
“Uh…” She extended her arms into a stretch and let out a big yawn before gradually opening her eyes. 
The moment she stepped into the living room, she felt slightly peculiar as no one was there. 
“Ms. Young?” She gently called out but was responded with dead silence. 
Where has Ms. Young gone to? Joan stared at the clock on the wall with a confused look. 
She can’t be in the garden at this time, can she? She immediately walked out and scanned through the garden but failed to detect any figure. 
Walking back to the bedroom, she nervously snatched up her phone and called Delilah. 
Delilah picked up within seconds. 
“Ms. Young, where are you?” Joan was slightly relieved that the call went through. 
“I’m outside. Why?” Delilah replied softly.
“Who is it?” 
A stranger’s voice came from that end of the phone. 
In an instant, Joan came to a realization. 
“It’s nothing. You guys have fun.” Upon saying, she hung up at once. 
So she’s going on a date! It seems like she not going to be single for long! 
A satisfied smile tugged at Joan’s lips, and her eyes beamed with excitement. 
“Joan.” 
While she was tidying in the living room getting ready to go to work, a familiar voice appeared suddenly. 
What is he doing here? Joan opened the door and stared at the person in front of her in total disbelief. 
“How are you lately?” Dustin asked with a low voice. 
“I’m great,” Joan replied calmly. “What brings you here?” 
“Nothing. I just felt like seeing you,” he replied. 
He had been trying hard to forget about Joan, but all efforts seemed to be without avail. No matter how long it had passed, his feelings towards her were unwilling to fade. 
“If there is nothing important, you can leave.” Joan continued to pack her stuff. 
Joan was careful not to have too much entanglement with this man. Regardless of the present or the future, she was convinced there would be no possibility between her and Dustin.
Not to mention, Dustin was a friend of Abelyn. 
Indeed, Joan knew about all the scheming conducted by Abelyn earlier, and she was aware that Dustin had taken no action to stop Abelyn’s deed. 
“Joan, I wanted to apologize about Abelyn. She did all that for me, even though her approach might be a little extreme. I hope you won’t mind…” Dustin explained while getting closer to her. 
“It’s all in the past, so stop bringing it up. You should leave.” She tried to end the conversation. 
I could not be franker about this. Would you please stop being such a slow-witted man? 
“Joan, I know that you hate me. But I wish you could believe me that I have never intended to harm you!” Dustin raised his tone out of a sudden. 
Joan was certain that Dustin would not harm her, but she could not forgive that he allowed others to do so. 
“How many times do you want me to repeat? I don’t want to see you anymore! Leave now!” Joan began to lose her calmness. 
Dustin felt a knife stab through his heart, looking at the woman he loved screaming at him. 
I have loved her for so many years. Forget it! I guess it’s really time to let go. 
Dustin had no choice but to head out of the house. 
Joan realized she had overreacted, but she could not suppress the rage and hatred within her heart. 
She could endure all kinds of betrayal, but she could never tolerate the betrayer trying to befriend her again.
###Chapter 2646
Chapter 2646 
Are You Alright 
Joan didn’t even have breakfast and headed straight to the photography studio. 
“What’s wrong with her? She seems unhappy today.” 
“I don’t know. Did she quarrel with someone?” 
“Should we go comfort her?” 
In the pantry of the photography studio, the staff gossiped about Joan as she sat brooding in her office. 
Right now, Joan seemed to be hard at work, but the phone conversation between her and Jake kept replaying in her mind. 
What is Jake up to? She clenched her fists and pondered. 
“Are you alright, Joan?” Abigail came in and asked. 
Joan waved her hands in response. “I’m fine.” 
“Oh. If you need my help, just let me know.” Abigail left after saying that. 
After Joan refused to hire another assistant, Abigail indirectly took over the duties and became her assistant. 
Joan was trying to figure out how to stop Jake from annoying her while massaging her temples. 
Do I have to spend a night with him?
No! I can’t do that. 
Meanwhile, Jake was heading to his office with his briefcase in hand. 
“Did anyone call me today?” 
“No,” replied his assistant. 
Mm? Joan is that calm, huh? Well, she’s smart enough. He chuckled and entered his office. 
“Mr. Wilson, please take a look at proposals for the upcoming projects.” His assistant proceeded to hand him a few files. 
This was exactly the outcome Jake was hoping for. 
He had successfully expanded M Group’s business abroad in the shortest time possible. Jake poured himself a glass of wine and finished it in one gulp. 
“Has anyone requested to see me recently?” he asked. 
“No,” said his assistant. 
Meanwhile, Larry received a call from Della. “Larry, help! Save me!” she yelled once he answered her call. 
Larry’s heart jumped to his throat upon hearing her cry for help. 
“Della, what happened?” he demanded. 
“Larry? President of Norton Corporation?” an unfamiliar male voice rang out. 
“What do you want?” Larry growled.
“Ms. Duff isn’t an ordinary person. Prepare one million as ransom!” the man barked out and hung up. 
Della has been kidnapped? Larry stared at his phone silently. He was about to call the cops when his phone rang again. 
“Don’t call the cops, or I’ll kill her now.” 
It was clear what the kidnappers meant. Larry couldn’t understand why Della was kidnapped not long after she returned to the country. She hadn’t offended anyone locally. Besides, she was well protected by her bodyguards. 
Something told Larry that it wasn’t as simple as it seemed. 
Larry paced in his office and racked his brains for a solution, but he couldn’t figure out another way except to head there himself and pay ransom to the kidnapper to prevent Della from getting hurt. 
“Larry!” Caspian barged in. 
He stopped in confusion when he saw how troubled Larry was. 
“Larry, what’s wrong? Did something happen?” he asked worriedly. 
“Mm. Della has been kidnapped,” answered Larry. 
Caspian was astounded. 
Everyone knew how capable Della was. Clearly, her kidnapper must be someone not to be underestimated. 
He immediately offered his help. “What should I do?”
“I’m thinking of a solution right now,” Larry replied, seemingly troubled.
###Chapter 2647
Chapter 2647 
Why Was She Kidnapped 
Larry was clearly stumped. 
“Larry, why was she kidnapped? Does he want money? Or something else?” Caspian queried. 
“He requested for one million,” said Larry solemnly. 
However, he couldn’t be sure if all they wanted was money. 
It would be easy to sort things out if this was just a mere kidnapping incident. However, if it was more than that, things would get complicated. 
Meanwhile, in a dark warehouse, Della could hear the rain dripping steadily onto the ground as her heart clenched in fear. 
There were three men standing in front of her. “What do you want?” she demanded in a trembling voice. 
She had never endured such sufferings, ever. 
“Ms. Duff, we invited you here to have some tea with us. Don’t be nervous. Be good, alright?” A man stepped forward and ruffled her hair. 
“Don’t touch me!” she turned away and screamed. 
Slap! 
A slap landed on Della’s face, causing her cheek to flare up immediately.
The kidnapper barked out, “You like Larry Norton, right? What a pity he is married!” 
He added, “Why don’t you become my woman? You shall lead a wealthy life. Oh, I can also lead a wealthy life thanks to you,” the kidnapper uttered and caressed her jaw in a lecherous manner. 
Della spat without hesitation as her gaze grew cold. “Dream on!” 
“Know your place! I call the shots here!” the kidnapper patted his chest and declared arrogantly. 
There were three of them, and he was their leader. 
“Why did you kidnap me?” Della went straight to the point. 
She wasn’t that foolish to believe that they kidnapped her for money. There were plenty of rich people in the world, but only a selected few were both rich and influential. The kidnappers must have a reason to risk their lives to abduct her. 
“What else? We’re doing this for money, of course,” answered the kidnappers’ leader. 
“Who ordered you to do that?” she pressed on. 
The leader was stunned. 
How did she know someone is behind this? 
“You should mine your own business and stop asking around! If you don’t want to die, shut up!” he retorted furiously. 
Ha! It’s indeed a plot against me! Della struggled to realize her hands were tied up. 
“Stop wasting your energy and wait for your Mr. Norton to come save you.”
Damn it! They are worse than beasts! 
Meanwhile, Larry was gathering one million to save Della. 
He could afford to pay the ransom easily. Right now, Della’s life was at stake. 
“Larry, are you sure it’s alright for you to go alone?” Caspian expressed his concern. 
Caspian was worried that Larry’s efforts would be in vain. 
“Remember what I told you, Caspian. Run in with your men after hearing that and make sure you save Della. She represents her family and the development of an era.” 
Larry wasn’t exaggerating. Indeed, Della’s influence was incomparable overseas. Her self-established brand and projects she handled were all successful. 
Furthermore, she was an influential person locally, too. 
“I’m afraid you’ll be in danger—” 
Larry cut in firmly, “Don’t you worry. I’ll be fine.” 
Hopefully, their plan would work. 
In the end, Larry entered his car with the one million he prepared while Caspian followed behind with his men.
###Chapter 2648
Chapter 2648 
Larry Or Jessica 
Suddenly, Caspian’s phone rang. 
“Where are you?” the woman on the other end of line drawled lazily. 
“I’m outside. What’s the matter?” he asked. 
“Can you come pick me up?” Jessica requested. “I think I’m drunk.” 
Caspian’s eyes darkened in fury. 
Why did she go drinking again? Didn’t I tell her not to drink outside? 
“I’m busy. Hail a cab home yourself,” he replied curtly and was about to hang up. 
“Wait!” Jessica seemed distressed. “Hurry, come pick me up. I think someone spiked my drink.” 
Caspian was astounded to hear that. 
He had to choose between Larry, his boss, and Jessica, his beloved. What would his choice be? 
“Caspian, why are you hesitating? Damn it, come pick me up now! Otherwise, I shall cheat on you!” Jessica declared while scratching her collarbone impatiently. 
“I’ll ask Jasper to pick you up!” he hung up abruptly and proceeded to call Jasper. 
“Hey, can you bring Jessica home? She’s drunk…”
Soon, Larry arrived at the designated location. “Hey, come out! I’m Larry Norton!” he yelled outside the warehouse while scanning his surroundings carefully. 
The men in the warehouse put their guard up when they heard his voice. 
“Boss, Mr. Norton is here,” one of the young kidnappers whispered. 
“I heard him. Let’s stay put.” 
Della wanted to yell out loud to attract Larry’s attention, but her mouth was sealed. 
As no one responded, Larry grew increasingly anxious. 
Did I come to the wrong location? He pulled his phone out and gave them a call. 
Ring! Ring! 
He immediately detected the ringtone coming from a nearby warehouse. 
“Damn it!” the kidnapper cursed and switched his phone off. 
Larry had a sharp hearing and immediately realized where it came from. 
“I’m here, so why are you hesitating? Don’t you want the one million?” he shouted in the direction of the warehouse. 
What a sly fox. Is he trying to lure us out? The leader was smoking as panic flitted across his face. 
“Boss, we need to go out now. Otherwise, our efforts would be in vain!” The other young man shoved his arm. 
“I know. Stop pushing me!” The leader rose to his feet and stepped out of the dilapidated warehouse.
“Hello, Mr. Norton. How have you been?” 
Upon spotting the kidnappers, Larry’s lips curved up in a satisfied smirk. 
I thought they are difficult to deal with, but turns out they are just thugs. 
“Here is one million. Before you take it, release her first,” Larry cut to the chase. 
He made his intentions clear for he was here to rescue Della. 
“There’s no rush, Mr. Norton. You’re a wealthy businessman, so one million is nothing to you. But Ms. Duff is worth more than you,” the kidnapper said. 
What does he mean? Is he trying to raise the price shamelessly? Larry studied the person in front of him warily. 
“I don’t want much. Why don’t you give your car to me?” 
He’s so greedy! Larry turned to look at his car before he nodded reluctantly. 
“Alright, it’s a deal. My men would like to get in the car first!” 
“Sure, no problem.” Larry shrugged nonchalantly. 
Soon, two men walked out of the warehouse. 
“Boss,” the young man greeted his leader. 
“Get in the car!” the leader ordered, pointing at Larry’s car parked ahead. 
“Wait a minute!” Larry called out.
The three kidnappers froze in their tracks at once.
###Chapter 2649
Chapter 2649 
What Is In Your Sack 
“What is in your sack?” Larry asked, his hand pointing to the sack on the young man’s back. 
“Our food. You want to take a look?” the young man returned. 
“Of course,” Larry answered. 
“Alright, I’ll show you!” the young kidnapper untied his sack. 
Before he could show it to Larry, a disgusting stench wafted out of the sack. 
“Enough! You can leave!” Larry immediately stopped him. 
The young kidnapper winked at his boss before walking away. 
Larry continued, “I want to see her before I pay you the ransom.” 
“No problem!” The kidnapper proceeded to push the door to the warehouse open. 
“Look, that’s the woman you want.” 
Inside the warehouse, a woman was tied to a chair. Her head was hung low, and her hair covered her face completely. She had her back to Larry. 
“I want to see her face,” Larry demanded. 
“Go over to her and you’ll see her face clearly.”
Larry walked slowly toward the woman and placed the briefcase he was holding on the ground. He held the woman’s hair up so he could get a good look at her. 
She should be terrified, I guess. Larry appeared troubled. 
“Take your time. I’ll take my leave now!” The kidnapper grabbed the briefcase Larry left on the ground and dashed out. 
“Della, wake up!” Larry gathered her hair together and urged. 
“Let’s go!” yelled the kidnapper’s leader once he left the warehouse. 
“Caspian!” Larry’s voice rang out inside the warehouse. 
Yes, the kidnapper had lied to him. That woman on the chair wasn’t Della! 
His roar pierced the air. 
“Go get them!” Caspian ordered his men. 
Soon, Larry’s car was surrounded. 
“Boss, what is going on?” the young kidnapper asked. 
His leader answered at once, “I have no idea.” 
I thought I asked Larry to come alone! Where did these men come from? 
“Come down!” Caspian stood outside Larry’s vehicle and barked menacingly. 
In the end, the three kidnappers came down from the vehicle reluctantly. 
“How dare you target Mr. Norton?” Caspian snarled. “Tell me. Who ordered you to do this?”
“Sir, please spare my life. I was greedy for money.” The leader flung his arms around his head and groveled at Caspian’s feet. 
“Where is Della? Where did you hide her?” Larry ran out of the warehouse and demanded. 
“She’s in that sack.” The young kidnapper pointed at the sack in the car. 
Shit, is she dead? Larry dashed toward his car and dragged the sack down. 
Indeed, there was an unconscious woman underneath the pile of rotten vegetables. 
Larry was suddenly filled with guilt. 
“How will you deal with them, Larry?” Caspian sought for his opinion. 
“Let’s head back first,” Larry answered as he helped Della out of the sack. 
If it wasn’t for him, Della wouldn’t get kidnapped. At that thought, Larry felt slightly upset. 
“Larry, are you alright?” asked Caspian in a low voice. 
“I’m fine. Quick, let’s go to the hospital.” 
Throughout the journey, Larry kept patting Della’s cheek to rouse her up. 
How shall I explain to her family if anything happens to her? 
Soon, their car arrived at the hospital. 
“Doctor, please save her!” Larry rushed in with Della in his arms. 
The doctor hurried over after hearing his yells.
“Mr. Norton, don’t worry. Ms. Duff will be alright,” the director of the hospital was alerted and immediately came to comfort him.
###Chapter 2650
Chapter 2650 
She Is Fine 
They’d better pray she’s fine. Otherwise, I won’t let them off easily, Larry decided as he began exuding a murderous intent. 
“Doctor, how is she?” he grabbed the doctor’s arm and pressed. 
“She’s fine. She just needs to rest,” the doctor responded before he left. 
Luckily, she’s fine. Larry heaved a sigh of relief, his expression relaxing. 
The pale and unconscious Della was hooked to an IV drip in her ward. 
“Larry, why don’t you head back home? I’ll stay with Ms. Duff,” offered Caspian. 
Larry dismissed him with a wave. “I’m fine,” came his curt reply. 
Caspian was worried something else might happen after this. 
“Larry, Joan is waiting for you at home,” he reminded Larry. 
It suddenly occurred to Caspian that Larry’s concern for Della was too much. 
“It’s alright,” replied Larry. 
Since Larry obviously wasn’t going to heed his advice, Caspian stopped trying to persuade him. 
“Larry, I’ve got to go now!” Caspian dashed away without looking back. 
Why is he in such a hurry? Larry gazed at Caspian’s retreating figure curiously.
Meanwhile, Caspian was running as he made a call. 
He had just recalled about Jessica getting drunk earlier. 
Jasper was now his friend, and he had also agreed to work under Larry, but that didn’t change the fact that he used to be in love with Jessica. Caspian was afraid he might take advantage of Jessica as she was intoxicated. 
“Hello?” 
Jessica sounded tipsy even over the phone. 
“Who is it?” another man’s voice rang out clearly. 
Yes, they were Jessica and Jasper. 
Wait, Jessica told me her drink was spiked! 
All at once, Caspian was dumbfounded. 
“Jessica, where are you?” he yelled at the top of his lungs. 
“Drinking, duh,” came Jessica’s inebriated reply. 
Caspian pressed on, “Where are you now?” 
“At home. It’s really hot here,” she declared as she took her clothes off. 
Jasper was shouting from a distance away. “Hey, Jessica. Don’t do this! You can’t do this!” 
Shit, this is bad. 
“Jasper, you can’t touch Jessica! She’s mine!” Caspian roared through the phone.
Jessica was still moaning. “It’s really hot. Come on, I’m too tired. Give me a massage…” 
“Please, I still want to be friends with Caspian,” Jasper was pleading. 
Caspian’s fury sprang to life at once. 
“When will you arrive, Caspian? I can’t hold on much longer?” Jasper was shrieking, seemingly out of sorts. 
They were both drunk, but luckily, Jasper wasn’t drugged. 
“Jasper, if you lay a finger on her, I’ll make you a eunuch!” Caspian threatened viciously. 
“This isn’t something I can control!” 
“Hey, help me scratch this itchy spot.” Jessica plopped into Jasper’s lap and ran her hands all over his chest. 
Jasper tamped down his desire and gritted his teeth lest he did anything overboard. 
“Caspian, if you don’t come back home now, I can’t guarantee my actions,” he huffed. 
To make things worse, Jessica started moaning without warning. 
Even though Caspian wasn’t there, he could imagine what it was like. 
He ran a few red lights without hesitation. As he was driving Larry’s car, he wasn’t afraid the traffic police might come after him. 
It did not take long for them to arrive at his house. 
Thump!
Caspian kicked the door open and rushed in. 
“Ah! You’re finally here!” Jasper was wailing desperately.
###Chapter 2651
Chapter 2651 
Leave Now 
Jessica was clutching at Jasper, trying to take his clothes off. 
“Hurry, leave now!” Caspian picked Jessica up and told Jasper hastily. 
“Shut the door behind you!” he added. 
Jasper jumped up and straightened his clothes while panting heavily. It was time for him to leave. Before he stepped out, he didn’t forget to close the door behind him. 
Meanwhile, Jessica and Caspian were back in their room. The former was whining, “Hug me” as she climbed onto his back. 
“You want a hug, huh? I’ll satisfy you today!” Caspian announced and tossed her onto the bed before pinning her underneath his body. 
Sunlight poured in through the gaps between the curtains and filled the room with warmth the very next morning. 
Jessica yawned in her bed and slowly opened her eyes. 
“Ugh…” 
She grimaced at the pain coursing through her body. 
What happened? Did something happen last night? When she rolled over to see Caspian right next to her, her lips parted in surprise.
“Ah!” she let out an ear-splitting scream. 
“Why are you screaming?” 
Caspian pulled her into his embrace. 
“Get off me! What did you do to me?” Jessica struggled out of Caspian’s arms and demanded furiously. 
“What else? Something we should do, of course,” came Caspian’s nonchalant reply. 
“Scum!” 
Jessica was about to throw her pillow at him when the pain intensified, causing her to double over with agony. 
“Does it hurt? Let me give you a massage.” Caspian’s entire body weight came crashing down on her. 
“Scoundrel, get off me!” Jessica gave him a kick that sent him rolling off the bed. 
In the hospital, Della was wide awake and scrolling through her tablet. 
“You’ve just woken up. Stop working and eat something,” said Larry as he handed her breakfast to her. 
“No. Work is more important than breakfast,” replied Della without looking up. 
She was a workaholic. 
Seeing how hard she was at work, Larry’s gaze darkened. 
“Won’t you go home?” Suddenly, Della turned around and gazed at him. 
Larry returned almost immediately. “Why would I go home?”
“To see Joan,” Della answered on purpose. 
“It’s fine,” said Larry. “I’ve already informed her.” 
Oh, I see. 
Right. Without Joan’s approval, he wouldn’t have stayed to accompany me, right? Misery flitted across Della’s eyes. 
“But I need to head back and change my clothes,” Larry announced as he rose to his feet. 
“Caspian will be here shortly.” 
Della nodded. “Alright.” 
He is going home to Joan. 
“Larry!” 
Shortly after, Caspian arrived with Jessica in tow. The latter seemed strangely upset to be here. 
“Oh, you’re hurt,” she crossed her arms and mocked. 
It was clear how much Jessica despised Della. 
“Jessica, be nice!” Larry berated. 
“Alright.” 
They chatted briefly before Larry left. 
Della might be in the hospital, but she was still working nonstop.
When Caspian left to refill the water jug, Jessica and Della were left alone in the ward. 
“Ms. Duff, what do you want?” Jessica cut to the chase without wasting time. 
“Nothing,” Della replied curtly without even sparing a glance at her. 
Suddenly, Jessica burst out. “Are you ignoring me? Larry belongs to Joan. Stay away from him!” 
Huh? Is she crazy? I don’t have time for that right now. 
“No, I didn’t,” she retorted. 
Jessica refused to back down. “You’re the only one who knows the answer to that.”
###Chapter 2652
Chapter 2652 
Stop Arguing 
What a stubborn woman. Della glanced at her briefly before resuming her work. 
To her, it was perfectly alright for her to pursue Larry as he hadn’t remarried Joan yet. 
“What are you arguing about again?” Caspian chided as he walked in. “Jessica, can you stop picking on Ms. Duff? She has just regained consciousness.” 
“No!” Jessica spun on her heels bellowed without hesitation. 
Scum, did he just side with an outsider? Jessica glared at him as fury overcame her. 
Caspian belatedly realized she was upset after seeing her face contorted in anger. 
“Alright, alright. You’re right.” Caspian dashed over to her and gave her a comforting hug before pressing a gentle kiss on her hair. 
Of course, Della ignored their entire exchange. 
She worked for quite a while before she shut her tablet and closed her eyes to rest. 
It was still early when Larry rushed back home so he could get to see Joan. 
“Why are you back so early?” Delilah greeted him with a yawn. 
“To change clothes.” Larry scurried into his bedroom after saying that. 
Alas, Joan was nowhere to be seen.
“Ms. Young, where is Joan?” he changed his clothes and asked. 
“Mm?” Delilah seemed confused. “She came back last night.” 
She added, “Oh, she must’ve left early this morning.” 
Larry glanced at his watch. It was barely 7 a.m. yet, and the weather was chilly. Why did Joan go to work this early? 
He walked out of the living room hastily. “Goodbye!” 
“Hey, you haven’t had your breakfast!” Delilah shouted behind him. 
“I’m not eating!” 
Larry drove straight to the photography studio. 
For some reason, he missed Joan so much and couldn’t wait to see her right now. 
Unfortunately, what he saw next got him stunned. 
“Joan, have you made up your mind?” Jake queried coolly. 
“Mm, I did,” came Joan’s curt reply. 
Jake pressed on. “So?” 
Joan answered determinedly. “It’s a no.” 
Very well. How dare she reject me! Women would line up to gain my attention, but she rejected me though her decision might affect Norton Corporation’s survival. 
“Are you sure?” Jake urged.
“Yes, I’m sure,” Joan answered in all seriousness. 
Jake was about to leave when he saw Larry’s reflection through the mirror in front of him. 
Immediately, he changed his mind. “Joan!” he shouted. 
Flashing an evil smirk, he flung his arms around Joan and pulled her into his arms. 
From afar, Larry’s rage pounded in him like a drumbeat at the sight that greeted him. 
“Jake Wilson! What are you doing? Get your hands off me!” Joan demanded as she tried to pry his hands off her. 
“Don’t you know what I’m doing?” Jake whispered next to her ear. “Let me tell you. You will never get rid of me!” 
Is he crazy! Faye had just passed on! 
“Jake, Faye won’t forgive you if she finds out what you’ve been doing!” 
“Faye? She’s dead because of you!” Jake returned icily. 
Joan immediately stopped struggling at his remark. She felt helpless for he was right. 
Seeing her reaction, Larry’s temper heightened as he stalked away without even looking back. 
Jake watched Larry stormed away before he released Joan. 
“Why? Are you upset? You deserve it!” With that, he spun on his heels and sauntered away. 
Joan had no idea what happened. As Faye’s death surfaced in her mind, she stood rooted to the spot blankly.
Spotting her still rooted to the spot, Abigail hurried over. “Joan, are you alright?”
###Chapter 2653
Chapter 2653 
Gossip 
“Joan, hello?” Abigail shook her arm forcefully as she tried to bring Joan back to her senses. 
“Huh? What’s wrong?” Finally, Joan snapped back to reality. 
“Are you alright?” Abigail’s gaze shone with concern. 
“Oh, I’m fine. Time to get to work,” said Joan as she marched into the building. 
A few employees had seen the earlier scene and were gossiping about Joan and Jake. 
“Hey, what do you think of them? I thought Jake loved Faye. Why did he suddenly change his target to Joan?” 
“Men are heartless.” 
The employees began gossiping nonstop in the pantry, causing Abigail to simmer in displeasure. 
She went to Joan’s office at once and greeted her, “Joan.” 
“What is it?” Joan answered. 
“Oh, I just want to know about your relationship with Jake,” Abigail lowered her gaze and probed carefully. 
She knew she shouldn’t be asking about her superior’s private life, but some things had to be said. 
“There’s nothing between us,” came Joan’s terse reply.
“Nothing? We saw you hugging Jake today!” Abigail revealed. “Joan, Jake is Faye’s boyfriend. She’s no longer alive, but you can’t…” she trailed off hesitantly. 
Joan met her gaze. “Abigail,” she spoke sternly. 
Joan instinctively backed away at Joan’s intimidating aura. She could no longer bring herself to meet Joan’s gaze. 
“There’s nothing between me and Jake. Faye’s a friend of mine, so I won’t betray her,” Joan gave her word. 
It was nothing but a show orchestrated by Jake. Joan sighed as sorrow flashed across her gaze. 
“Alright. I’ll go back to work, then.” 
In the meantime, Larry was interrogating the kidnappers. “Who paid you to do this?” he demanded. 
“No one,” the leader answered. 
What a joke. Who gave them the courage to kidnap Della? Besides, money wasn’t the only thing they were after. 
“You’d better tell the truth. Otherwise, I won’t show any mercy. I, Larry Norton, am a man of my word!” Larry announced with a terrorizing glare. 
“Boss, we should tell him the truth. I’m still young and I don’t want to die. I can’t leave my mom and my grandma alone,” the other kidnapper protested. 
The leader immediately interjected, “Shut up!” 
“If he doesn’t want to say anything, you can do it in his stead,” Larry told the young man.
“Mr. Norton, I have no idea!” the young man immediately burst out wailing. “It was our boss who contacted the person who hired us. We haven’t met him in person!” 
“Good. Release them,” announced Larry as he gestured his bodyguard to untie the other two. 
“I’m not that unreasonable. Since you have no knowledge of the culprit, you can leave. Remember, don’t repeat your mistake again,” Larry declared. 
The two other kidnappers hurriedly thanked Larry and stumbled out of the room. 
With them gone, Larry and the leader were the only ones left in the room. An awkward silence hung in the air. Larry knew the leader wouldn’t reveal the truth easily as he seemed really experienced. 
Without warning, Larry smirked and lit up a cigarette. He strolled to the window and squinted his eyes at the view outside. 
“The weather’s nice today,” he puffed and remarked coolly. 
The leader, who was on his knees, ignored Larry’s comment. 
“You have one hour to consider my offer. If you still hadn’t changed your mind by then, just wait and see what I have in store for you.” Larry turned and left him alone instantly.
###Chapter 2654
Chapter 2654 
Stubborn 
What is he planning to do? The leader stared at Larry’s retreating figure, utterly puzzled. 
Previously, Jake had reminded the leader not to rat him out no matter what or risk facing severe consequences. 
Compared to Jake, Larry was clearly a reasonable man. The leading kidnapper was sure that Larry wouldn’t punish other innocent people, especially his family. Yet, he couldn’t say the same for Jake. 
One hour passed in a blink of an eye. 
Slam! 
“Have you made up your mind?” Larry strode in and took a seat in front of the man before slamming the table forcefully. 
“It was all my plan. I didn’t receive orders from anyone,” the leader declared. 
He’s seriously headstrong. Larry stared at the man as his irritation flared up. 
“Did the culprit threaten you?” Larry asked. 
The leader’s eyes lit up at once. 
“If you tell me everything, I’ll send you and your family overseas. You’ll be safe,” Larry promised. 
That won’t do. Jake can find me wherever I go. 
“Mr. Norton, just kill me!” he hollered.
Right then, Larry’s phone on the table started ringing. 
After glancing at the caller’s ID, Larry grabbed his phone and headed out. 
“What’s wrong?” he answered and inquired. 
“Larry, come back here. I can’t handle it anymore,” Caspian pleaded. “Jessica and Della are fighting!” 
“Alright. I’ll be right there!” Larry hung up and dashed out. 
The hospital was crowded with doctors and nurses tending to their patients as usual. 
“Della, you’re nothing but a b*tch! You won’t stay away from Larry, huh? Are you that dry?” Jessica was yelling at the woman lying in bed. 
Della retorted loudly, “How many times I need to say that I did nothing of that sort!” 
“Don’t you know I can see right through you? Stop trying to lie to us…” 
The women were involved in a heated argument in the ward while Caspian watched on in frustration. 
“Enough!” he hollered in an attempt to stop them. 
“Are you done? Why are you fighting over a man? This all boils down to Larry’s choice!” 
Caspian was right, for it was up to Larry to make a decision. 
At that thought, Della pulled her covers up. 
Larry soon arrived. “Why are you arguing? I could hear your voices from miles away!” he huffed angrily. 
“No, we were just discussing. Why would we fight?” Jessica told an outright lie.
On the bed, Della shot Jessica an exasperated look before turning away and closed her eyes. 
“Jessica, go back to your bookstore instead of kicking up a fuss here,” Larry told Jessica as he tried to bring her out of the ward. 
“Hey, Larry. Who said I’m kicking up a fuss? I need to make things clear,” Jessica insisted. 
Ugh, she’s so annoying. She can’t even take a joke. Larry glowered at her irritatedly. 
“Alright, I won’t trouble you. I’ll leave now,” Jessica grumbled and stormed away. 
Caspian glanced at Larry before looking at Jessica stalking out. After a brief hesitation, he chose to go after Jessica. 
“Jessica’s still young. Please forgive her ignorance,” said Larry as he sat down. 
She’s young and ignorant? Della scoffed silently but said nothing. 
“The kidnappers hadn’t revealed who paid them to kidnap you. What do you think of this?”
###Chapter 2655
Chapter 2655 
Did You Offend Anyone 
Della’s eyes snapped open. 
Yes, I’ve just returned to the country. Why would anyone kidnap me without reason? The thought made her increasingly confused. 
“I don’t know,” she finally replied helplessly. 
Something told Della that it was related to Larry. 
“Did you offend anyone recently?” Larry questioned. 
“No,” Della responded. “Except for that Jessica Zimmer.” 
Of course, there was no way Jessica would resort to kidnap her. 
“Larry, what about you? Did you offend anyone recently?” Della threw the question back to Larry solemnly. 
Larry was slightly taken aback by her sudden question, but he shook his head honestly. 
None of them knew it was Joan who had offended the culprit! 
“Alright, stop thinking about it. I’ll get to the bottom of this.” Larry stood up to leave. 
“I’ll be back this afternoon after I finish work.” 
“Where is he?” Larry demanded.
“Larry, I beat him up, so he’s in the hospital,” Jasper replied in an apologetic tone. 
Damn it. How could he act that recklessly? Larry swiftly made his way out. 
Meanwhile, the leader was trying to escape from his ward. 
“Sir, you can’t leave. I need to attend to your wounds,” the nurse was saying as she attended to his wounds. 
“Move out of my way! I’m not that weak!” He pushed the nurse and limped out. 
Once he stepped out of the hospital, his young accomplices shouted, “Boss! Here!” 
The leader trudged slowly toward their car and entered it. They immediately drove away. 
By the time Larry and Jasper arrived at the hospital, he was nowhere to be seen. 
“Where is he?” Jasper took hold of a nurse and demanded viciously. 
The nurse flinched before answering, “He left a while ago.” 
“Where did he go? Didn’t I tell you to watch him carefully?” 
The nurse looked down fearfully. “He insisted on leaving, and I couldn’t stop him.” 
Larry glanced at the both of them as he slapped his head, trying to clear his mind. 
Why did I hire such a foolish bodyguard? 
“Larry, trust me. I didn’t do it on purpose. I was too upset and couldn’t control myself,” Jasper tried to justify his actions.
Larry merely responded icily, “From today onward, you’re not allowed to take any action without my order. I will not repeat this again.” He then stalked away without looking back. 
Sadness clouded Jasper’s features as he watched Larry walking away. 
On the other hand, the kidnappers’ leader headed straight to M Group after his successful escape. 
“Mr. Wilson, I did what you told me to. Although I didn’t succeed, at least I held on and refused to tell them who was behind this. You gave me your word, right?” he spoke cautiously. 
Jake swiveled around in his chair and answered, “Of course. Here are plane tickets for you and your family to leave the country tomorrow. If possible, don’t ever come back!” There was a hint of resolution in his voice. 
“Alright. Thank you, Mr. Wilson.” The leader left right after that. 
Staring at the plane tickets in his hand, he couldn’t stop tears from streaming down his cheeks. 
It isn’t easy to make a living. Sighing, he walked away. 
Jake remained in his office. He stared at the sky, seemingly deep in thought. 
Joan, how long will you take? He sipped on his tea as a flicker of expectation appeared in his gaze. 
The photography studio was bustling as usual. Everyone was busy with their own tasks. 
“Joan, let’s go have lunch together,” Abigail came and extended an invitation to Joan. 
“No need. I’ve already ordered some food. You can go ahead,” Joan massaged her temples and replied.
“Do you feel unwell?” Seeing her weary action, Abigail rushed to her desk and inquired, her voice full of concern, “Do you want to go to the hospital for a checkup?”
###Chapter 2656
Chapter 2656 
Exhausted 
After Faye’s demise, Joan refused to hire another assistant. Hence, Abigail would always come and check on her out of concern. 
Abigail might be playful, but she was undeniably a meticulous and thoughtful young girl. 
“I’m fine,” Joan assured her. “I just need to get some rest.” 
Seeing Joan in such an exhausted state broke Abigail’s heart. After her suggestion of hiring another assistant was rejected by Joan, she dared not bring it up again. 
“Okay, it’s time to get off work. You should go. Don’t worry, I’m alright.” Joan waved goodbye to Abigail. 
Slowly, Abigail walked out of her office. 
Joan leaned back on the couch and shut her eyes to rest. 
She had lost her appetite for Jake’s matter was troubling her. 
Her phone started ringing, but she wasn’t planning on answering it. 
It kept ringing for a while, so Joan picked up her phone and put it on the speakerphone out of frustration. 
“Joan, how dare you refuse to pick up my call?” Jake’s voice rang out clearly. 
“I’m talking to you now, right?” came Joan’s weak reply. 
“Let’s have dinner together tonight,” Jake announced.
“I don’t have time. I need to go home.” Joan was about to hang up. 
“I’ll pick you up at home, then.” 
Suddenly, Joan lost her patience. “Jake!” she shouted out of the blue. 
“What’s wrong?” Jake’s excited voice sounded over the line. “Quiet down. You have to be reserved.” 
“Don’t go overboard,” Joan said in a trembling voice. 
Ha! How ridiculous. 
If Joan was obedient enough to spend a night with him, Jake would consider letting her off, but she was too stubborn to go along with his wishes. Jake scoffed and answered, “What did I do?” 
“You…” 
Joan was momentarily lost for words. 
She couldn’t figure out what Jake wanted from her. He was in love with Faye but was now after her. She couldn’t help but wonder if he had ever loved Faye. 
“Well, I’ll pick you up later,” Jake announced and hung up without waiting for her reply. 
He has definitely lost his mind! Joan threw her phone on the coach in exasperation. 
Indeed, Jake’s car arrived at the entrance of the photography studio when it was time for her to get off work. 
“Come down. I’m waiting at the entrance,” Jake called to inform her of his arrival. 
“I’m busy. I need to work overtime tonight,” Joan replied coolly and cut the line.
Oh? Is she playing hard to get? Jake flashed a sly smile and got off his car. 
“Hey, why is he here?” 
“I don’t know. Is he here for Joan?” 
“Damn, seriously? Did he fall for someone else this quick?” 
In the lobby, a few employees who had got off work started gossiping excitedly. 
Thump! 
Someone suddenly flung the door to Joan’s office open rudely. 
Joan knew who it was, so she didn’t look up and continued working. 
“Oh, you’re quite busy,” Jake commented as he strode over to her. 
“Mm,” came Joan’s distracted reply. 
She hurriedly added, “I don’t have time to have dinner with you, so you should leave now.” 
“It’s fine. I can wait for you,” Jake replied, seemingly unfazed. 
That was the final straw for her. “Jake, I’m Joan, not Faye!” Joan stood up and bellowed in frustration. 
Oh? She’s already mad? How impatient of her. Jake scanned his surroundings and shot her a disdainful look before looking at his phone. 
“I know that,” he answered calmly, choosing to ignore Joan’s outburst.
###Chapter 2657
Chapter 2657 
If I Disappear 
“If I disappear from your sight, will you stop bothering me?” Joan asked out of the blue. 
Her question caught Jake by surprise. He did not anticipate that question of hers. 
“No,” he answered resolutely. 
Jake himself was confused. Did I cling to Joan to take revenge? Or do I love her? 
No, I love Faye! 
He shook his head and berated himself to get a grip. 
“Joan Watts, you will never escape from my clutches!” he proclaimed loudly. 
Never? Joan shot him a dirty look. 
How long is forever? A car accident can end everything in an instant. 
“Jake, I hope you can reflect on your actions. You used to act differently back then. If you continue to bother me, I have no idea how to continue with my life,” Joan tried to convince him as conflict flashed across her eyes. 
What does she mean? She has no idea how to continue with her life? Am I that scary? 
“Don’t try to scare me, Joan. Whether you live or die is none of my business,” Jake sneered. 
Jake has changed. He doesn’t even care if I die now.
Good. Let it be, then. 
“Okay, we can have dinner together. Remember, this is the last time.” Joan then grabbed her bag and left ahead of him. 
Jake didn’t know what she meant by “the last time”, nor did he try to figure out what it meant. 
They went to a restaurant to have dinner. Inside the restaurant, the lighting was subtle, the music mellow, and the heady scent of roses lingered in the air. It was a lovely sight, but all Joan felt was annoyance. 
It’s the last meal. She told herself. Just bear with it! 
“Here, Jake. Cheers!” She lifted her wineglass and gulped it down without waiting for his reply. 
Jake was a little surprised as she took the first move. 
So she was just pretending in her office earlier! An impish smile broke across Jake’s face. 
“Jake, I need to apologize to you. It was my fault that your loved one is dead, and I’m sorry for that. I also need to thank you for your help…” 
Joan was tipsy by now. 
Hearing her mumbles, confusion tinged Jake’s features. He didn’t know why Joan would say that out of a sudden. Her words caused his heart to constrict uneasily. 
“Joan, tell me. Where are you going?” he tried to sound her out. 
“Home, where else?” Joan bared her teeth.
He pressed on, “Then why did you say those words?” 
Joan frowned for a second before her features gradually softened. 
“What did I say? I forgot,” she answered while sipping on her glass. 
Did she reveal her innermost thoughts as she was drunk? Jake studied her doubtfully. 
In the end, they both got drunk and sprawled on the table, unconscious. 
Jake wanted to get Joan drunk and bring her to a hotel room so he could lie that they had sex. Hopefully, Joan and Larry’s relationship would be affected. Yet, he managed to drink himself into a drunken stupor. 
The restaurant they were in was opened throughout the night, and Jake was a frequent customer, so even though they fell asleep, no one came to wake them up. 
The next morning, sunlight poured through the window and shone on their faces. 
Slap! 
Joan gave Jake a tight slap. 
“Who is it?” Jake’s eyes snapped open as he glanced around warily.
###Chapter 2658
Chapter 2658 
He Has Gone On A Business Trip 
But he realized that it was Joan who was sitting across from him. 
Currently, Joan had her head on one of her arms, sleeping soundly at the table. 
Seeing her lying quietly in front of him, Jake could not help but to lower his head and scrutinize her dainty face. 
Actually, Joan is a rather beautiful woman herself, even prettier than Faye. But why did she not accept me to be her boyfriend? In fact, I’m just as outstanding as Larry. I’m good-looking, physically fit, powerful, and have a strong family background as well. Why does she choose to be with him instead of me? As he pondered away, he subconsciously extended his hand and wrapped his fingers around hers tightly. 
“Uh…” Feeling his tight grip, Joan frowned in her sleep and slowly opened her eyes. 
When he saw her about to wake up, he immediately retracted his hand and pretended as if nothing had happened. 
“You’re awake,” he greeted with a smile. 
She stared at him groggily for a moment and rubbed her eyes. “Where is this?” 
We’re at a restaurant, of course. 
He shook his head in amusement and took his coat hanging at the side, saying, “We should go. I’ll send you home.”
Wait, that doesn’t sound right. Why should I send her home? 
He was stunned for a second before turning around and realizing that even Joan was weirded out by his statement, too. 
Before he could say anything, she waved her hands hastily and said, “Uhm… It’s okay. I can go home on my own.” 
“Okay then. Stay safe.” With that, he turned on his heel and left in a huff. 
What happened to me? Why did I care about her all of a sudden? I’m supposed to hate her and take revenge on her! 
As he stepped out of the restaurant, Joan watched his back and grinned at his strange behavior. 
Ding, ding, ding… 
Just then, her phone rang and vibrated on the table, taking her by surprise. 
As soon as she picked up the call, Delilah’s voice boomed over the phone. “Joan, where on earth are you?” 
Oh no, she’s angry! 
Joan turned alert in an instant and replied softly, “Ms. Young, I was working overtime last night,” she answered softly. 
“What for? Larry even went to the photography studio to find you, but apparently, you were not there.” 
Crap! Has he misunderstood what is going on? 
Worried, Joan cut to the chase, “Ms. Young, is Larry home now?”
“Nope. He’s gone to the office. Hurry up and go to Norton Corporation to explain yourself,” Delilah advised before hanging up the call. 
Dared not to waste a second longer, she grabbed her things and dashed out of the restaurant, heading towards her car. 
Seeing her leaving, one of the servers whispered, “Hey, why didn’t they leave together? How strange.” 
“I don’t know, but that woman seems familiar to me. I feel like I’d seen her somewhere before. Hmm,” his colleague replied. 
Joan’s eyes were filled with trepidation throughout the whole ride. 
Unfortunately, it happened to be the rush hour at the moment, so she was caught in the traffic jam, making her even more agitated. 
Seeing that she would not be able to get there anytime soon, she quickly scrolled through her list of contacts and gave Larry a call. 
However, she was greeted with an intercept message. “Sorry but the number you have dialed cannot be reached…” 
Sighing, she chucked her phone into her bag and proceeded to weave through the traffic to get there as soon as possible. Half an hour later, Joan finally reached the entrance of Norton Corporation. 
As soon as she barged through the door, she called, “Larry!” 
Everyone around immediately turned and looked at her dubiously. Smiling apologetically at them, she was about to head over to Larry’s office when she saw Caspian running towards her. 
“Joan, what’s the matter? Why are you so anxious?” he asked concernedly.
I shook my head in response. “Ah, it’s nothing. By the way, do you know where Larry is?” 
“He’s gone on a business trip. Did he not tell you?” 
Huh, when did this happen? Joan was dumbstruck. 
Suddenly, Jessica came running to them and called out, “Joan!” 
“Hi, Jessica.” She waved at her and smiled amicably. 
Looking around, she turned to Caspian and asked, “Where is Larry?” 
“He’s gone out of town for a business trip.” He scratched his head and darted a glance towards both of them, wondering why they asked him the same question. 
What? He’s gone for a business trip, too? Jessica eyed Larry’s office in displeasure. When she went to the hospital just now, the nurse also told me that Della had been discharged and had gone on a business trip. 
How could it be so coincidental? The two of them might have gone on the same business trip together. 
With such thought in mind, she pulled Caspian by the ear and dragged him to the side. “Caspian, come here!”
###Chapter 2659
Chapter 2659 
Is It A Coincidence 
“Ouch! Let go of my ear! Many people are watching us,” Caspian growled. 
She released her grip on him and crossed her arm, looking at him skeptically. “Answer me honestly. Is Larry business traveling with Della?” 
Huh, how did she know about this? Caspian was quite surprised. “What are you trying to do?” 
“Tell me already. Is it a yes or no?” Jessica spoke in a hushed tone. 
Left with no choice, he told her the truth. “Yes!” 
He could not bring himself to lie to the woman he loved. 
Standing off to the side, Joan was startled by his loud “yes,” so she turned around and gazed expectantly at Jessica. “What is it? Anything happened?” 
“Oh, it’s nothing. Joan, you must be tired…” Caspian hurriedly changed the topic, refusing to let her know about what he had told Jessica. 
Before he could finish his sentence, Jessica cut him off, shouting, “She’s not tired! Joan, I have to tell you something. Larry is…” 
However, Caspian immediately cupped his hand over her mouth and pulled her away from Joan. “Jessica, be a good girl and go to the hospital now. You should hurry up!” 
Huh, why does Jessica need to go to the hospital? Is she feeling unwell? She frowned in confusion as their retreating figures disappeared from her sight.
Since Larry was not in the office, she swept a glance over the employees before heading to the entrance on the ground floor. 
It’s time to make the final decision. Joan strode toward her car with decisive steps and drove forward. 
In a café, Caiden sat in the corner and looked around while he enjoyed his coffee. It looked as if he was waiting for someone. 
This was the first time Joan asked him out for a coffee, and it would be the last time as well. 
“Hey, Caiden,” Joan greeted as she pushed the door in. 
“You’re here.” He stood up and beamed at her excitedly. 
Sitting down on the couch at the corner, an air of seriousness fell on them as they began their discussion 
“What did you say? Resign? Joan, are you sure about that?” Caiden could not help but raise his voice upon hearing her statement. 
Never did he expect that she invited him here just to bid goodbye. 
“Yes, you didn’t hear me wrong. I want to quit,” Joan repeated. 
What’s going on? Did anything happened? He looked at her in shock, unable to accept that she was going to leave the studio. “Why do you want to resign? Give me a solid reason.” 
She smiled and explained, “The photography studio is developing well, and that’s the outcome of the hard work of the entire team, not just me alone. Besides, I’m quite tired and need some rest for a while.” 
She couldn’t find any other reasonable reason, so she could only give him a rather general answer.
“You’re tired?” He pondered for a while before saying a little too emotionally, “Well, I can give you some time to rest. Is a month enough for you?” 
“Caiden, calm down. I’m emotionally exhausted. Do you understand?” She sighed. 
Actually, the only reason why she wanted to quit was to keep a distance from Jake. 
She wanted to leave Jake, Larry, and this city. Perhaps, only then would Jake stop causing trouble to Larry and hinder the development of Norton Corporation. 
“Is this your final decision?” he asked. 
She nodded in response. “Yeah, I’ve booked the ticket already.” 
It seems like she’s determined to leave. Caiden lowered his head and sighed, dejected. 
Besides his feelings for her, Joan was also extremely outstanding and capable at her work. It was a miracle that a newly established photography studio could achieve the results they had now, and it was mostly due to the effort she had poured into her work. 
“Okay, I respect your decision,” he relented eventually. 
What can he say other than this? Yes, I can’t deny the fact that I’m reluctant to let her go because I love her, but at the same time, I can’t bear to see her suffer. 
“Thank you,” Joan said with a smile and took a sip of her coffee. 
Just like that, they said goodbye and parted ways. 
By the time Joan arrived home, the sun had already set. She sat on the sofa in the living room and waited for Delilah and Lucius to return home.
###Chapter 2660
Chapter 2660 
I Want To Take A Break 
“Why didn’t you switch on the light?” Delilah asked, walking into the room. 
Seeing that she was finally back home, Joan quickly stood up and welcomed her. “Oh, Ms. Young, you’re back.” 
“What’s wrong? Something got you in a bad mood?” Delilah asked kindly. 
“Ms. Young, I have something important to tell you.” She held her hand and brought her into her room. 
“What is it? Why are you so secretive.” 
Five minutes later, Delilah held Joan’s hands tightly and rambled, “What did you say? Are you sure you want to go overseas? Why do you want to go overseas? How about Larry? How about me? How about Lucius? Joan, tell me the truth. Did something happened?” 
Joan smiled and rubbed her arm. “Ms. Young, relax. I just want to have a break and enjoy life for a while. You know I’ve been working overtime lately.” 
Delilah heaved a sigh of relief upon hearing her answer. “So when will you be back?” 
“I don’t know. Maybe a month later, or even a year. Haha.” 
What does she mean by that? Is she trying to say that she wants to reside there permanently? Delilah sized her up, puzzled. 
“Joan, is it because you don’t like this old lady anymore?” she probed.
What is she talking about? Joan immediately shook her head and wrapped her arm around Delilah’s arm. “Of course not, Ms. Young. You’re my life savior. How can I dislike you? I’m just tired and want to get some fresh air outside.” 
Fine. I’ll just let her go then. She’s indeed exhausted from work. 
With the thought in mind, Delilah stroked Joan’s hair gently and said, “Okay, you have my support.” 
After getting Delilah’s approval, Joan felt a weight lifted off her chest. 
Next, I’ll need to talk to Lucius. 
The next day, Joan boarded the plane. 
She did not inform Larry about her decision nor did she tell Nancy that she would not be in the city for a period of time. 
For some people, Joan’s departure seemed abrupt, yet foreseeable. 
In the living room, Lucius raised his head and looked at Delilah, who was sitting opposite him. “Grandma, why does Mom wants to go travel?” 
“She wants to take a break, my dear,” Delilah answered and tousled his hair. 
“But why didn’t Mom and Dad go together?” 
“Because your daddy is on a business trip.” 
“Okay.” A flicker of sorrow gleamed in Lucius’s eyes as he hung his head low. 
He yearned for a family trip, but it seemed that even having a meal together would be difficult.
While over on the other side, Joan was lying on the bed in a hotel room, staring at the beautiful sea outside the window in deep thought. 
The phone next to her had been ringing for a while, but she refused to answer it. 
Just then, a female server knocked on the door and asked, “Miss, do you need me to clean up your room?” 
“No, thanks!” she replied loudly. 
With that, the surrounding quietened down again. 
Walking to the window, Joan took a deep breath and felt relaxed instantly just by looking at the clear blue sky outside. 
Not far away, a child called out to her all of a sudden, “Miss, come down and play!” 
“Come down and play soccer with us!” another child exclaimed. 
Joan smiled at the sight of their young, innocent faces. 
Then, she changed into her sportswear and rushed down to those kids. 
“I’m here!” Joan greeted cheerfully as she walked towards them. 
Suddenly, a little girl ran to her side and hugged her leg. “Miss, you need to help me. They bully me because I don’t know how to play soccer.” 
“Why do you guys bully her?” Joan knelt down and stroked her hair. 
“Because she is bad at soccer,” a boy answered.
Another boy came in front of Joan and pointed at the girl. “Yeah, playing with her is a waste of our time.”
###Chapter 2661
Chapter 2661 
Is He Handsome 
Joan looked at the little girl and said, “I’ll teach you, okay?” 
The girl nodded excitedly as a smile plastered over her face. 
“Come. Follow me.” She beckoned them to the field and started playing with them. “Safety first, alright?” 
The kids had a whale of a time, and Joan felt exhilarated as well. Her excitement was stemmed from the fact that she was now far away from the troubles and sorrows back in Chanaea. 
“All of you are playing great! Nice soccer skills!” Joan praised as she passed the ball towards the goal. 
All of them grinned jollily, and one of the boys exclaimed, “Of course! Our teacher teaches us well!” 
He’s quite quick-witted, isn’t he? Joan chuckled and nodded in response. 
“Mr. Silverman is here!” a little girl exclaimed all of a sudden and pointed to her left. 
Hearing her, everyone stopped at once and turned to the direction in unison. 
“Mr. Silverman!” 
“Mr. Silverman! We’ve missed you so much!” 
A dozen students ran to a man standing a distance away, vying to hug him. 
Mr. Silverman? Joan squinted her eyes, trying to see his face.
However, the sunlight was so bright that she could not make out his appearance, but she knew that the man was walking towards her. 
“Joan,” he said as he reached her. 
It took her a while to realize who the man was. 
She gaped in surprise. “Dustin, why are you here?” 
“I should be the one asking you this,” he retorted and laughed. “These are all my students.” 
Looking at them, it finally dawned on Joan that the “Mr. Silverman” they were talking about was actually Dustin. 
A boy grinned proudly and introduced, “Miss, this is Mr. Silverman, our teacher.” 
“Yeah. He is handsome, isn’t he?” one of the girls asked. 
“Y-Yeah. Haha.” Joan laughed awkwardly. 
“Alright, all of you should go and rest,” he said, motioning the kids to go back. 
Shortly after that, the children dispersed, leaving only Joan and him on the vast field. 
“Are you here to travel?” Dustin broke the silence. 
“Yup, I’m here for a break,” she replied, gazing out on the sea nearby. 
“Why? Did something happen again?” 
Hearing his question, she broke into a smile. 
Even though he might have hurt me before, I can’t deny the fact that he really knows me well.
She shook her head. “It’s not a big deal.” 
Knowing that she was uncomfortable talking about it, he did not probe for more information and proceeded to stretch himself nonchalantly. “Since you’re already here, remember to have fun.” 
Then, he screamed at the sea to release his stress. 
Joan was taken aback by his abrupt shout and opted to remain silent. 
Soon, it got dark, and they went to a restaurant nearby to satiate their hunger. 
After their food arrived, Joan helped herself to the food and asked, “What makes you want to be a teacher here?” 
“Hmm, I’m actually not a formal teacher. When I first came here, I bumped into that group of kids, and they said they wanted to learn how to play soccer, so I offered myself.” Dustin chuckled at the memory. 
I see. She nodded in understanding and continued eating. 
“Why is Larry not here with you?” Dustin asked, curious. 
“He’s gone on a business trip.” 
As they savored their dinner, they resumed chatting away happily as if the gap and tension between them were never there. 
Perhaps it was because they were in a foreign country now, so their interaction was more cordial than before. 
“When are you going back?” Dustin questioned.
“I don’t know. I guess I would only be back once I’m done exploring here.” She shrugged nonchalantly, laughing. 
Out of a sudden, there was a familiar voice coming from behind. “Dustin.” 
The owner of this voice had once brought troubles to Joan. 
“Fancy seeing you here, Joan.” Abelyn’s voice dripped with sarcasm as she walked towards them. 
I guess both of them have gotten together. Joan smiled at her and said hello.
###Chapter 2662
Chapter 2662 
Third Wheel 
Joan didn’t know whether she should feel happy or sorry for Dustin. 
However, she didn’t know that there was actually nothing between Dustin and Abelyn. Instead, they were just buddies. 
“Abelyn, watch your language!” Dustin whispered as he nudged her. 
“What are you talking about? Dustin, there’s no need to stand on ceremony. Joan is not an outsider. Why are you being so inhibited?” Abelyn patted Dustin’s shoulder forcefully and replied. 
“It’s fine. The more the merrier.” Joan answered awkwardly. 
“See? She’s so kind and generous. And look at you! Don’t be such a petty man. You’re acting like I’m not welcomed here.” Abelyn pouted as she said. 
“Excuse me, waiter!” Abelyn raised her right hand and shouted. 
The atmosphere throughout the whole meal was really awkward. No one was enjoying the dinner. 
Abelyn was blabbering on and on throughout the dinner session. There was no chance for Joan and Dustin to chip in at all. 
They couldn’t tell if Abelyn was really drunk or she was just pretending to be drunk. She kept on insulting Joan indirectly. Dustin couldn’t even stop her no matter how hard he tried. Apart from that, Joan had been finding excuses to escape several times, but in the end, Abelyn managed to drag her back to her seat.
“Abelyn, you’ve gone too far!” Dustin yelled at her. 
Bang! 
All of a sudden, Abelyn threw her wine glass onto the floor. 
The glass shattered into a thousand pieces. 
“Dustin, why are you shouting? You’ve never yelled at me before! I can’t believe you shout at me because of this woman!” Abelyn cried and said it out loud. 
The other customers shook their heads sympathetically when they witnessed that scene. 
“Is it love triangle?” 
“It does look like that…” 
“That guy is such a ladies’ man…” 
Some people started gossiping about it. 
“Come on. Let’s go back!” As Dustin said, he dragged Abelyn and walked out immediately. 
“Joan, go back to the hotel first!” Dustin turned around and told her. 
A flicker of sorrow gleamed in Joan’s eyes as she watched them walk away. 
Why is Abelyn picking on me? Why does she keep giving me a hard time? Joan let out a sigh and left. 
“Hey, you guys haven’t settled the bill!” The lady boss shouted from behind. 
“I’ll be right there!” Joan immediately turned around and rushed over to pay the bill.
“Miss, I think you better quit.” The lady boss looked at her and said suddenly. 
Quit? Joan lifted her head and gave her an indifferent look. 
“You’re so pretty, and you have a nice figure too. Why do you have to be a homewrecker?” The lady boss was busying with her work while saying that. 
What? Her words struck Joan like a bolt from the blue. She was confused. 
“What are you talking about?” Feeling speechless, Joan asked. 
“Come on, I saw that just now. You don’t have to hide it. That guy is indeed good-looking, but there are still so many other handsome guys out there in the world. There’s no need for you to be the third wheel in a relationship.” 
Joan immediately grew angry upon hearing her words. 
“First of all, I’m not being a third wheel. Next, I have a boyfriend. But it’s not the guy that you saw previously. Thirdly, lady boss, I don’t think you are in a position to judge people, especially on their private matters.” Joan left immediately after saying that. 
Who does she think she is to judge other people when she doesn’t even know the truth? 
Joan directly returned to the hotel after leaving the restaurant. 
“Joan, are you back at the hotel?” Dustin hurriedly asked over the phone. 
“Yeah, I’m at the hotel already.” Joan answered. 
“I’m sorry about tonight. Abelyn was drunk. That’s why she is being rude to you. Please don’t take it to the heart…” Dustin explained in a low voice.
“It’s fine.” Joan replied calmly. 
Hearing her words, Dustin became speechless. 
Deep down, he knew that Joan was actually bothered by Abelyn’s words. She must have taken it to her heart.
###Chapter 2663
Chapter 2663 
Larry Hosted A Banquet 
At that moment, Dustin couldn’t stop himself from feeling guilty. 
The following morning, warm sunlight poured into the room through the small gaps between the curtains and shone upon Joan’s face. On the bed, she let out a big yawn and got up slowly to pull the curtains. 
Everything looked so beautiful. Feeling relaxed, Joan put on a smile on her face. 
Some distance away, seagulls were playing happily as the sun broke the horizon. Suddenly, a sea breeze blew from the ocean, putting her mind at ease. The beach was quiet and untouched by tourists. A few women were wearing a bamboo hat and collecting seashells, with a smile on their faces. 
At the same time, Larry was busying with his work in another country. 
“Larry, have you thought it through?” Della whispered beside him. 
“Yes, I’ve made up my mind. I must win this project.” Larry answered determinedly. 
For some reason, Della was feeling a little uneasy while looking at the project agreement. 
In fact, Larry had been coveting that project for a long time. Previously, Norton Corporation was not well-known enough outside the country, which was why he couldn’t manage to get the project. However, Larry had expanded Norton Corporation internationally. Hence, with the cooperation with Della, he was fully capable of taking on the project and eventually taking the Norton Corporation’s growth to the next level.
“Are you sure?” Della continued asking. 
“Yes, I’m sure.” Larry answered. 
He was well-prepared regardless of what might have happened in the future. 
Soon, Larry finally got the project. 
“Congratulations, Mr. Norton for finally taking down the project…” 
A round of applause filled the air. 
Everything was going according to Larry’s plans. The corners of his lips curved into a smile of satisfaction. 
“Mr. Norton, dinner is definitely on you tonight!” 
“That’s right. You should be the host tonight to celebrate such great achievement.” 
The rest of the presidents were expressing their compliments and congratulations. 
Of course, Larry would follow the unspoken rules. 
“Sure, no problem! Please do me the honor of attending the dinner.” Larry responded. 
They were all big shots who enjoyed good reputation internationally. So naturally, he couldn’t afford to offend them. 
Indeed, Larry hosted a banquet in a luxury hotel that night. 
It wasn’t being held in his own country, but apparently, everyone was willing to help Larry with the banquet.
Perhaps, he had really become famous internationally. 
However, many of them were actually be there for Della. 
“Ms. Duff, it’s been a long time since we last met.” A young man said as he walked towards Della with two glasses of wine in his hand. 
“Yeah. It’s been too long.” Della replied. 
“Oh, Ms. Duff. You’re getting so much prettier!” Suddenly, a lecherous man approached her. Then, he directly placed his right hand on her shoulder. 
“Is that so? Thank you.” Della shrugged him off while sipping her wine. 
Everyone around her could probably notice the malicious intention of that man. Thus, they walked away. No one wanted to be involved in it. 
“What do you want?” Della asked in a low voice. 
“Actually, I just wanted to have a drink with you, Ms. Duff.” The man answered. 
“Fine. Here’s a toast to you!” As she spoke, Della grabbed a glass of wine from the table and finished it up. Then, she turned around and left. 
“Hey, don’t go!” He grabbed her arm abruptly and said. 
“I’ve finished drinking.” Della pointed at the empty wine glass and replied. 
“That’s not nice of you. We should drink a few more glasses together.”
What a lunatic! Della tried to get rid of him with all her strength, but she realized that the man had increased his force… 
“Let go of me! I’m telling you, this is a public space. Behave yourself!” Della looked at the nasty man and said coldly.
###Chapter 2664
Chapter 2664 
The Lecherous Man 
“Don’t worry. I’ll definitely show my respect to you!” Upon saying that, he pulled her into his arms and wanted to leave. 
“Help!” Della yelled as she struggled to break free. 
Meanwhile, Larry at that moment was busy mingling with his guests. He didn’t manage to take care of Della or understand her situation at all. 
“Mr. Norton, you’re such a young and successful man!” 
“That’s right. Ms. Duff and you are such a perfect pair. By the way, where is Ms. Duff?” One of the large-scale enterprise owners asked. 
Larry turned and looked around but there was no sign of Della. 
This is weird. Where did she go? Hence, Larry put down the wine glass and excused himself. 
“Della?” He shouted softly while looking for her. 
On the other hand, Della had already been taken away from the banquet. 
“Hello, have you seen Ms. Duff?” 
“Ms. Duff? Didn’t she just leave? With a man…” 
Larry was stunned instantly. 
Crap! Is she in danger? In no time, Larry rushed out.
On the roadside, Della had been struggling hard to free herself from the lecherous man but to no avail. 
“Stop it!” Della suddenly shouted. 
“Stop what? Quickly get in the car!” The man said it while trying to push Della into the car at the same time. 
“Hold on! Tell me first. Who are you?” Della got straight to the point. 
The man gave her a wicked smile when he saw her like that. 
“Do you think I’m stupid?” As he said, he continued pushing her. 
“You should at least let me know your name!” Della began to panic and yelled. 
“Everyone calls me Young Master. You can just call me that also.” 
What kind of stupid nickname is that? Della was a little terrified looking at the man in front of her. 
“I see. Let me make a call first, then…” 
“Pfft! Della, stop pushing your luck! It’s your honor that I‘m f***ing interested in you!” The nasty man said loudly. 
No. I have to buy more time! Della was firm with her thoughts. Her mind was working rapidly, trying to find some topic to talk to the man in front of her… 
“Do you know that your behavior right now is immoral?” 
“Why do you have so many questions? Immoral? I have no idea what you’re talking about!” The nasty man replied.
“You have no idea? Let me teach you a lesson!” Larry said and walked over. 
The man immediately turned around and straightened his back as he saw Larry slowly approaching them. 
“Who the hell are you?” He asked. 
Della took a look at him. Her face was full of disdain and contempt. He didn’t even know who hosted the banquet? He’s such an ignorant fool! 
“Larry, help me!” Della looked at Larry from some distance away and said. 
“No way! Let me tell you, you are mine tonight!” The man lifted Della’s chin up and said furiously. 
Where did that hooligan come from? How dare he mess with Della? Larry’s eyes blazed with fury as he stared at him. 
“You better get lost now or your life would be over!” Larry said it out loud. 
“You brat! How dare you talk to me like that?” As he said, the man lunged towards Larry. 
Soon, there were more than ten bodyguards appeared behind Larry. 
In a few seconds, the man back off and immediately fled from the place. 
“Are you alright?” Larry quickly rushed towards Della and asked softly. 
“I’m fine.” Della shook her head and responded. 
“Ms. Duff!” 
“Ms. Duff!”
All of a sudden, several men ran out of the lobby with worry written all over their faces. Of course, Della knew they were being hypocritical. Hence, she remained silent and didn’t say anything. 
“Do you want to go to the hospital for a checkup?” Larry asked as he helped her up. 
“It’s okay. I just need to get some rest.” Della turned him down. 
Della was the only person Larry could trust in business. Certainly, he didn’t want anything bad to happen to her.
###Chapter 2665
Chapter 2665 
Left The Country 
Hence, Larry decided to end the banquet earlier. Then, he sent Della back to the hotel personally. 
In the hotel room, Della was lying on the bed, looking haggard and exhausted. 
“Have some water.” Larry handed her a glass of water after saying that. 
“Thank you.” Della replied. 
They were probably already used to being with each other. Therefore, they didn’t feel awkward at all at that moment. 
One week later, they went back to the country after everything had been settled. 
“I’ll head to the office. Have a good rest when you get back home.” Larry patted her shoulder and said. 
“Alright.” 
The two of them split up after that. 
Everyone in Norton Corporation was busy as always. It looked like they didn’t have any free time at all. 
“Mr. Norton is back.” 
“Hi, Mr. Norton.” 
The employees of Norton Corporation greeted him. 
“Larry, how was it?” Caspian barged into his office and asked excitedly.
“Don’t worry. Everything is going very smoothly.” Larry replied, tidying up his briefcase. 
“Amazing!” Caspian almost jumped up in excitement. 
“How is Joan doing lately?” Larry continued asking. 
Caspian lowered his head and fell silent instantly. 
After noticing Caspian’s unusual reaction, Larry raised his head immediately and stared at Caspian doubtfully. 
“What’s wrong?” Larry was a little anxious. 
“Actually, nothing happened. It’s just…” Caspian replied with a stutter. 
“Say it!” Larry shouted. 
“Joan has gone abroad.” Caspian answered immediately. 
Why is she leaving the country? In a split second, Larry knitted his brows. 
Business trip? Or getaway trip? 
“What exactly happened?” Larry carried on asking. 
“Joan said she wanted to take a break and left right away,” Caspian replied. 
But why isn’t she telling me anything? Larry tilted his head. He couldn’t figure out why Joan left so suddenly. 
“Larry, don’t think about it too much. Joan has been working overtime recently. There’s nothing wrong for her to take a short break overseas.”
Yes. What he just said makes a lot of sense. But for some reason, he felt strange. 
“Alright. I got it. I’ll leave you to your work.” Larry waved at Caspian as he said. 
After that, he grabbed his phone and dialed Joan’s number. 
The call was answered quickly. 
“Where are you?” Larry immediately asked. 
“She is still in the middle of something. I’ll have her call you back later.” After saying that, the person on the other side of the phone hung up the call immediately. 
This voice… It’s Dustin! 
A raging fire immediately lit within Larry, and it was growing stronger. 
The two of them are travelling abroad behind me? 
Bang! 
Larry flung his phone into the trash can. 
“Larry gave you a call just now.” Dustin said with displeasure. 
Joan was stunned for a second. But she just nodded her head in acknowledgment. Forget it. Anyway, I still owe him an explanation. There is no hurry to say it now. 
“When are you going back?” Dustin asked. 
“I have no idea.” Joan replied indifferently.
Dustin thought her answer last time was just a joke. However, now it seemed like she wasn’t joking about it. Fine. I’ll just let her be. As long as she is happy. 
“How’s Abelyn now? Is she feeling better?” Joan asked. 
“You still have time and energy to care for her?” Dustin smiled, “She’s doing fine.” He answered. 
Abelyn put on a show of being a drama queen last night, which was way too far over the line. But that was who she really was. 
Dustin knew that Abelyn hated Joan to the core. The hatred she had for Joan was not something that anybody could imagine. At the same time, he didn’t understand why Abelyn hated Joan so much. 
“Joan, do you guys know each other?” Dustin asked in concern. 
“Nope.” Joan was confused.
###Chapter 2666
Chapter 2666 
Such Is Life 
Instantly, Joan had her guard up. 
That’s true. Why does she keep picking on me? It’s not necessary to behave this way if it was merely for Dustin. 
“Try to think about it.” Dustin carried on asking. 
Joan sat down on the sofa, tilting her head and thinking for a long time. However, she couldn’t come to any conclusion. 
“Forget it! Why am I stressing myself over this?” Joan waved her hands and went back to work. 
“Are you planning to stay here permanently?” Dustin glanced at the surroundings and queried. 
Joan had just rented the house, but Dustin had no idea how long did she rent it. Judging by the effort Joan had put into the house, it was definitely not a short-term rental. 
“I’m not sure. It depends.” Joan answered. 
The future was uncertain. Nobody would really know what was going to happen next, or who she was going to meet. Therefore, she could only enjoy and live in the moment. 
Who knows? Perhaps, Jake will let go of the past soon. Perhaps, he might really hate me for the rest of his life. Joan let out a sigh, mopping the floor. 
Such is life. It’s always full of ups and downs. Joan was used to it and willing to accept everything as it was. Deep down, she knew that it was useless to complain or blame others.
“How about you?” Joan suddenly stopped her work, asking while wiping the sweat off her forehead. 
“I’m going back tomorrow,” Dustin answered. He was reluctant to leave her. 
In fact, Dustin just wanted to send Abelyn back in order to prevent her from giving Joan hard times. 
“Oh,” Joan responded in acknowledgment and carried on with her work again. 
“I might be coming back again.” Dustin suddenly said. 
Joan paused for a second. Out of curiosity, she slowly raised her head. 
“Why are you coming back for?” Joan asked. 
“I’m coming back for you! I’m worried about leaving you here alone.” 
Reading between the lines, it seemed that Dustin was trying to express something else besides showing his concern to Joan. She then turned her face and looked away. 
“What are you worried about? I’m eating well and having a good time. Honestly, I’m living a good life here. So, you don’t have to worry about me.” Joan responded almost immediately. 
She definitely didn’t want people to gossip about her. 
“I’m scared that you will be bullied by other people.” Dustin continued. 
Joan snorted coldly. So what if she was bullied? It couldn’t be worse than what she had been through back in her own country. 
“That’s fine, Dustin. You better head back and take good care of Abelyn. She needs you to care for her. In the future, both of you must be happy together. You have my blessing!” Joan turned around and looked at him, with a serious look on her face.
What does she mean? Why is she saying that? Obviously, Abelyn and I are just good friends! It must be some misunderstanding! 
Dustin slowly walked towards Joan, with a stern expression on his face. 
“Joan, let me tell you. Abelyn and I are just friends. She is my good buddy.” Dustin stated firmly. He was afraid that Joan wouldn’t believe him. 
Upon hearing that, Joan was stunned. 
“About the relationship between you and Abelyn, I think you both know best. And I don’t want to know either. Anyway, just stay away from me in the future.” Joan replied straightforwardly. 
It was not her intention to hurt Dustin. However, if she didn’t speak harshly, he wouldn’t get over her. 
“Do you have to be so heartless?” Dustin asked. 
“Yes, I have to. I’m a cruel and wicked woman!” 
Bang! 
Dustin slammed the door and left. 
All this while, he had been doing anything and everything silently for her and protecting her. In the end, that was all he got in exchange. 
Joan had never given him any chance. Apart from that, she had never treated him as someone she loved, even if it was just for a moment. 
Dustin sniffed and lowered his head. Then, he slowly walked away.
Dustin, I’m sorry. I can’t accept your love for me! 
Joan was standing in front of the window as she watched Dustin left, with a glint of sadness in her eyes.
###Chapter 2667
Chapter 2667 
Still In Love with Him 
A couple couldn’t be friends again after breaking up. Although Joan and Dustin had never been in a loving relationship, the atmosphere between them would definitely be awkward when they met each other in the future. Unless one of them played dumb, and the other one chose to forget. 
In the living room, Abelyn was watching TV while eating fruits. She seemed extremely relaxed. 
“What did you just say? We are heading back tomorrow? Dustin, are you out of your mind? We’ve just reached here!” Abelyn was shocked. 
In fact, they decided to take a break and went on a trip. But coincidentally, they bumped into Joan. 
“Is it because of Joan?” Abelyn suddenly asked. 
“Nope.” Dustin answered without any hesitation. 
“I’m tired. I want take some rest back home.” He carried on. 
Abelyn was speechless after hearing his answer. 
“Fine. Since you’re tired, you can go back.” 
“Then what about you?” Dustin questioned back at her. 
“I’m not going back. I’m going to wander around this city.” Abelyn said it out loud. 
“No way!” Dustin yelled suddenly. Everyone around him was shocked. 
“Why not? I can go wherever I want. It’s none of your business!” Abelyn continued shouting.
Lately, Abelyn was in a bad mood. Previously, when she was overseas, she broke up with her ex- boyfriend. It hurt her like hell. Without a second thought, she went straight back to her home country. Meanwhile, two days ago, her ex-boyfriend called her and asked if they could get back together. 
“Abelyn, stop acting like a willful child. That’s enough.” Dustin said. 
Willful? Is he in the right mind today? Am I willful for traveling abroad? 
“Leave me alone!” Abelyn pointed at Dustin and said loudly. 
“So what are you going to do? Getting back together with your ex-boyfriend? Or…” 
“Shut up!” 
Abelyn didn’t know what to do either. She loved her ex-boyfriend, but she couldn’t forgive him for what he had done to her. 
“Are you still in love with him?” Dustin leaned by her ears and asked. 
Of course she was still in love with him! 
Finally, Dustin couldn’t win against her persistence. He gave up. 
“Aren’t you going back?” Abelyn asked. 
“I’m not going back if you aren’t following. What’s the point for me to go back alone?” Dustin complained displeasingly on the sofa. 
Why is he acting so weird? He was the one who wanted to leave yesterday. And now he doesn’t want to go back. What the hell is he up to? 
“Forget it!” Abelyn sat down on the sofa, smacking her lips while eating fruits.
“Get me an apple.” Dustin said casually. 
“Get it yourself.” Abelyn answered loudly. 
“Hey! Will you die if you pass me the apple?” 
“Yes! I would die!” Abelyn continued shouted at him. 
Is she going through her midlife crisis at this age? Why does she become so bad-tempered suddenly? Dustin shook his head without saying anything. 
Suddenly, Abelyn’s phone rang. She took a glance at the screen but didn’t pick up that call. 
Her phone kept ringing and showed no signs of stopping unless she picked it up. 
“Hey, pick up the phone!” Dustin reminded her. He was annoyed. 
“I’m not answering.” 
“Or else, answer the call on behalf of me!” As she said, Abelyn tossed her phone over to Dustin. 
As he glanced at the phone number on the screen, he became frustrated. 
“Are you done? Why are you keep calling to promote your product? That’s not cool…” 
Dustin wouldn’t give the person on the other side of the line any chance to explain. Meanwhile, Abelyn was lost in her thoughts and stared at him blankly. 
When did he become so manly? 
“Who are you?” A man on the other end asked.
“It’s none of your business. Stop calling anymore!” After saying that, Dustin was about to hang up the phone. 
“Where is Abelyn?” The guy suddenly asked. 
In a split second, Dustin was stunned. 
Does he know Abelyn? So… He is a friend of hers? Oh crap! He sounded too harsh just now. That guy must be offended. 
“Hey, it’s for you.” As he said, Dustin hurriedly handed Abelyn her phone. Then, he immediately hid in his room.
###Chapter 2668
Chapter 2668 
Heartbroken 
“What is it?” asked Abelyn after she hung up the phone. 
“Who’s the man who answered the call?” 
“It’s my boyfriend.” Abelyn replied, nonchalantly. 
“You’re dating someone?” 
Abelyn tutted. “What? You’re allowed to mess around, but I can’t date someone?” 
“Abelyn, listen to me. It was just a misunderstanding! You’re the only one I have eyes for. I love only you. Please give me another chance?” 
“Hmm. No!” Abelyn then hung up and blocked her ex-boyfriend’s number right away. 
Just then, Dustin lay on the bed, feeling guilty. 
Was Abelyn that hell-bent on twisting the knife in his gut? He suddenly became quite agitated as he thought of it. 
“Okay, you can come out now!” shouted Abelyn from the living room. 
Dustin then shuffled out awkwardly and looked at Abelyn. “Um, I’m sorry. I didn’t know that was your boyfriend.” 
“Ex-boyfriend,” Abelyn added. 
This caused Dustin to perk up immediately.
“Ex-boyfriend? Well, why didn’t you say so earlier? If I’d known that he was your ex, I’d have told him off as well,” quipped Dustin. 
However, Abelyn merely sat on the sofa. There was a lingering sadness in her eyes as she gazed into blank space. It was evident that she still loved that man, but a reunion was impossible. 
One would always want what they cannot have. But they would never cherish what they had at the moment. This was human nature—complex and fickle. Abelyn raised her head and looked at the ceiling above, trying to hold back the tears in her eyes. 
Sensing that something was wrong with Abelyn, Dustin’s demeanor shifted. He became more serious and sat next to her to comfort her. 
“Well, it’s your life,” said Dustin, his voice hushed. “You have the freedom to do whatever you want, and I’ll always support you.” 
Abelyn was so moved by his words that she broke down in tears, and lay her head on his shoulder. 
“Tell me how I ended up this way! The man I finally fell in love with was such a messed-up person! He f*cked up, and he still wants me to take him back?” 
Damn it, where does her strength come from? Abelyn had decided to start hitting Dustin square in the chest, but all he could do was endure it. He sat there in silence, occasionally just patting her back and waiting for her to cry her feelings out. 
At this time, Joan was basking in the sun on her balcony. 
The weather was pleasantly comfortable. Joan stretched out on the recliner and gazed at the sea in the distance. She was in a very cheerful mood. If she could spend the rest of her days lazing around like this, she would be content.
Suddenly, the tranquility of the moment was broken by the sound of the phone ringing. 
A cursory glance at the caller ID revealed the caller to be Delilah. Joan promptly answered the phone. 
“Joan, how are you doing? Is everything alright on your end?” asked Ms. Young worriedly. 
“I’m doing alright, Ms. Young. Don’t worry about me.” 
“Larry has been trying to reach you for some time now,” replied Ms. Young. “Won’t you respond to his calls?” 
Joan hesitated. If she was being honest, she was unsure of how to explain this sudden trip to Larry. Larry knew her too well, and naturally, he would have been able to figure some things out. 
“I understand.” 
The two stayed on the phone and chatted briefly before ending the call. 
“Joan!” Out of nowhere, she suddenly heard Dustin call out to her. 
Oh? Haven’t he leave yet? Joan rubbed her eyes and squinted hard, trying to see the person in front. 
“For heaven’s sake, it’s me. I haven’t left, and I need to talk to you!” Dustin shouted from below and waved his arms frantically. 
After confirming that it was indeed Dustin, Joan went downstairs immediately. 
“Alright, I’m coming. What is it?” 
“Hurry. Abelyn wants to go drinking, and I think you should go with her.” Dustin had grabbed her by the wrist and was pulling her towards the door.
What’s up with this strange request? Abelyn did not have a particularly good impression of Joan. Why would she even hang out with Joan, let alone go drinking with her? 
“Dustin, stop it.” Joan was not too happy about this request at all. 
“No, I won’t. She’s had her heart broken, and I need your help comforting her. Since you’re both women, I’m sure you’d have a lot in common,” explained Dustin hurriedly.
###Chapter 2669
Chapter 2669 
Drunken Shenanigans 
Have I misheard this? Did Dustin actually dump Abelyn? Joan looked at the man standing before her, the shock evident on her face. 
“What the hell? Why are you staring at me like that?” Dustin crossed his arms and stared at her in mild annoyance. 
“You…dumped her?” asked Joan, cautiously. 
“What are you talking about? How can I dump her? It’s not what you think!” Dustin tried to explain the situation but Joan did not allow him a chance to explain. 
“Stop giving me excuses!” 
A while later, Dustin forcefully nudged Joan into the bar they arrived at. 
“I’ll have a bottle of wine!” shouted Abelyn from a corner. 
Joan took note of how dazed Abelyn looked. She probably had quite a lot to drink. Joan walked over slowly, a little scared. 
“Abelyn, are you okay?” Despite her reservations, Joan took the initiative to approach her first. 
“Who are you?” asked Abelyn, squinting her eyes. 
“It’s me, Joan.” 
“Joan? Come on, let’s drink!”
Abelyn seemed to not have any hard feelings, or even any recollection of their animosity. Relief washed over Joan. 
“Joan, what are men?” asked Abelyn. 
But before Joan could answer, Abelyn interrupted her. “Men are trash, that’s what!” 
I guess she really did have her heart broken. Joan looked at Dustin, who was seated next to her, and again at Abigail, who sat across the table from them. She shifted in her seat, uneasily. 
“So Abelyn, what’s up?” 
I guess Abelyn isn’t that bad. She’s impulsive, does stupid things at times… 
Isn’t that all women though? They could be both silly and cute, yet men didn’t seem to mind that. 
Suddenly, Abelyn burst into tears. “Oh Joan, you have no idea how I’ve suffered!” 
Joan was at a loss. She had the urge to give Abelyn a hug but did not dare to move from her seat. 
“Do you know why I was so awful to you in the past?” Abelyn slurred and pointed at Joan as she hiccupped. 
“No, do tell.” 
“Because you took Dustin away from me!” ”And you know what pisses me off?” ”When you were sick, Dustin loved spending time with you. It was like I never existed!” 
“Before you showed up, we spent so much time together every day. But everything changed! He’d constantly bring you up, and that really hurt me!” ”We’re not lovers, sure, but who can tolerate a man who constantly talks about another woman?” ”Moreover, he came back because of you!”
“He’s literally the only friend I have. What will I do if he’s gone?” ”I’ll be all alone!” 
That last sentence hung awkwardly in the air. With a loud sigh, Abelyn chugged on her drink. The more she talked, the more upset she became. 
Having just heard Abelyn’s confession, Dustin did not know if he wanted to laugh or cry. 
“What a b*stard Dustin is. Now that he has someone he’s in love with, he cast me aside!” 
Joan did not say much but sat there in silence. 
She saw how hurt Abelyn looked and realized how wronged she must have felt as well. Joan sighed. 
However, if Abelyn had confessed to Dustin much earlier, much of this could’ve been avoided. Dustin wouldn’t have left either. 
“But what’s bothering you now?” prompted Joan. 
There was a moment of silence before Abelyn replied. “My ex wants to get back together with me.” 
Joan frowned, confused at the revelation. Isn’t that a good thing? Her puzzled gaze then turned towards Dustin. 
“Listen to her first,” whispered Dustin urgently. 
Without warning, Abelyn slammed a fist onto the table. 
“What are you whispering about there? Don’t think I can’t hear you!” Abelyn shouted and gestured wildly at the pair. 
Wow, she’s so touchy. Joan smiled faintly and shrugged.
“When I was still together with my ex, he decided to mess around. I later found out, and then he suggested that we break up. Basically, he dumped me first!” Abelyn then sighed deeply before she continued. “Later on, I agreed and left, but then he called me a few days ago. Apparently, he wants me back now.”
###Chapter 2670
Chapter 2670 
Investments 
“What should I do?” cried Abelyn hysterically. “This hurts so bad!” 
Joan did not quite understand what the dilemma was. Given how cheaters should not be forgiven, Abelyn naturally could not agree to patch things up with her ex. However, if she still loved the man, Abelyn was clearly a lost cause. Joan’s gaze darkened as she thought of this. 
“Abelyn, do you still love him?” queried Joan. 
“Love him? What on earth do you even mean?” 
“Oh, she definitely still has a thing for him,” whispered Dustin in Joan’s ear. 
“What is up with that whispering again? Do you think that I can’t see it just cause I’m drunk?” 
Joan sighed audibly. “Since you don’t love him anymore, then let it go.” 
After Abelyn heard these words, she burst into tears once more. 
“No, I can’t live without him. In fact, I still love him!” 
Why is she being so wishy-washy? Joan frowned and massaged her aching temples. She was truly confounded by Abelyn’s behavior. 
The three continued to chat for quite some time before Abelyn finally fell asleep from exhaustion. 
“Joan, I won’t accompany you back. Not when Abelyn looks like this.” Dustin pointed at the woman who had dozed off quite unceremoniously next to him.
“It’s okay. I know she’s in good hands.” With that, Joan turned on her heel and left. 
As it turned out, Abelyn’s love life was quite a bitter ordeal. Joan sighed and absent-mindedly kicked at the pebbles on the pavement. 
I guess there’s nothing in the world that brings someone more torment than love. 
It was quite late by the time Joan reached her residence. She decided to pull out a book and read for a bit before she too slept. 
Larry was still at the office, but Joan was the only thing he could think of. 
Where did you go? Why are you with Dustin? The more Larry thought about it, the more infuriated he got. He then pulled out a cigarette and lit it before taking a deep drag. 
Just then, Caspian walked in and greeted him loudly. 
“What is it?” asked Larry in a low voice after he breathed out a puff of smoke. 
With a look that matched the solemnity of his voice, Caspian said, “Someone has terminated all cooperation with us.” 
“Under whose orders?” asked Larry calmly. 
“I don’t know. I’ve not found anything yet.” 
“Continue investigating this.” Larry walked towards the window and gazed at the hustle and bustle of the city, his expression icy. 
He knew that this would happen one day. It was only a matter of time. Besides, who else could pull something like this off, if not Jake?
He was not surprised if Joan’s trip abroad had something to do with him too. 
Just then, the sound of Jessica’s voice broke the silence. 
Larry cursed. “Could you try to be more ladylike at least?” 
“What’s this about?” whined Jessica, who also pouted at him. “All I did was greet you, and you yelled at me!” 
He tutted impatiently and looked at Jessica. “Well, what do you want?” 
“Money,” came Jessica’s gleeful reply. 
Larry turned around and looked at the brazen woman in front of him doubtfully. Had she already run out of money? Did you blow it all on stocks? 
“What happened to your money?” asked Larry suspiciously. 
“I’ve decided to invest it,” replied Jessica solemnly. 
“What did you invest in?” 
“A bookstore. Didn’t Caspian tell you? I opened a few more branches.” 
Ah, is that so? 
Larry lowered his head and took a deep breath. It was not long before he managed to calm down. Things were stressful enough for him at the moment. His mind was occupied by either his work or by thoughts of Joan, and he rarely thought of anything else. Naturally, news of Jessica’s actions would have slipped his mind.
“Alright. This is a loan. Don’t forget to pay me back in the future.” Larry then tossed a card at Jessica. 
As expected, he is so generous! Jessica giddily kissed the card in her hands and playfully punched Larry in the shoulder. 
“Don’t worry. If you ever go bankrupt in the future, you’ll still have my support!” 
“Jessica!” 
“It’s just a joke, sheesh,” whined Jessica. “Why are you taking this so seriously?”
###Chapter 2671
Chapter 2671 
Altercation 
Jessica didn’t know that this joke she made was very likely to come true. 
“I’m busy. Just leave me be.” Larry absent-mindedly waved at Jessica and motioned for her to leave the office. 
Seeing that Larry was in fact, busy, Jessica smirked and departed. 
“Mr. Norton!” 
An assistant had just barged in, drawing Larry’s ire. “Can’t you knock?” shouted Larry in annoyance. 
The assistant looked sheepish but did not calm down. “I apologize, Mr. Norton. But this is urgent. Something has happened!” 
“Well, out with it.” 
“Three of our partners have terminated all contracts with us,” whispered the assistant. His tone did nothing to conceal the distress he felt. 
What? Larry stood up very abruptly. 
While he had anticipated something like this, he never expected it to happen this quickly. 
“Any other anomalies?” asked Larry tersely. 
“We’re still looking into it!” 
The two then had a brief exchange. Soon after, Larry grabbed his coat and left the office.
F*ck you, Jake. You’ve really gone for the kill! 
Larry fished out his phone from his pocket and made a call. 
“Mr. Norton? To what do I owe the pleasure of your call?” came Jake’s cheery tone from the other end of the receiver. 
“Let’s talk,” replied Larry brusquely. 
“Sorry, I’m rather busy right now.” 
“Then I’ll meet you at your company.” 
Jake was about to hang up when he shouted, “No need for that!” 
He took a few seconds to compose himself before adding, “We’ll meet at our old joint.” With that, Jake hung up. 
The old place? That’s the café where we met. 
Larry frowned. What exactly is that b*stard going to do?Ruin Norton Corporation? Propose a merger? 
The gaze in Larry’s eyes turned dangerously cold. 
At the café, Larry sat on the sofa and tried to calm himself down. 
Half an hour later, Jake arrived. 
“My, my. Aren’t you early!” exclaimed Jake loudly as he made his way towards the table. 
“Just on time.” 
It was here that their struggle really took off.
“Be honest, what do you want?” asked Larry, taking a sip of coffee. 
“Well, did I ever do anything to you?” 
“Cut the crap!” hissed Larry in a low voice. 
If there was one thing Larry hated the most, it was people who wasted his time. He was always the type who wanted to settle things as quickly as possible. 
Jake recoiled in mock indignance. ‘Why, Mr. Norton! What are you talking about?” 
“Jake, let’s speak plainly. We’re both adults, so why don’t we be honest and upfront? Enough of this moping around in the dark.” 
Larry’s words held quite a bit of weight in them. This angered Jake, whose expression shifted from mild amusement to pure rage. 
“What? Didn’t Joan tell you?” asked Jake. 
Tell me what? Larry glared incredulously at the smug-looking man in front of him. 
Were they still involved with each other? That shouldn’t be the case! 
“Let’s just say that everything that’s happening right now is because of Joan.” 
What on earth does this have to do with Joan? Larry’s expression was confused as he looked at Jake suspiciously. He needed some clarification. 
“With Faye gone, I’ll never let Joan off the hook! I want her to pay and have a taste of how it felt when her loved ones are hurt!”
Finally, Larry understood. 
All this time, Larry assumed that Jake’s grudge was directed only at him. He never guessed that it had anything to do with Joan at all. 
How ridiculous! Larry had also erroneously assumed that this grudge was over something as simple as business or profit. All this time, it was over a woman. Even he found it difficult to believe. 
‘I’ve heard about what happened between you both and Joan. She had a good relationship with Faye and even shared a very close kinship with her.” Larry sighed but continued. “When that accident happened, Joan was devastated.” 
“Stop making excuses for her already! People are already gossiping about you being an alleged cuckold. You still have it in you to defend her?”
###Chapter 2672
Chapter 2672 
Why Are You Unhappy 
Jake had known of Joan’s escapade with Dustin from the very beginning. 
On top of that, there was also the presence of Abelyn. 
“If there’s nothing else, I’ll take my leave.” 
“Wait a bit. We’re not finished here!” exclaimed Jake. 
“There’s nothing else to discuss!” yelled Larry in response. 
Now that he had figured out Jake’s intentions, there was no reason for him to stay any longer. 
After Larry left the café, he glanced at his watch. He could not stop himself from dialing Joan’s number. After a few rings, she finally picked up. 
“Where are you?” asked Larry, his voice dangerously silky. 
“What is it?” queried Joan. 
“I said, WHERE are you?” shouted Larry. 
“I’m just taking some time off,” replied Joan calmly. 
Dissatisfied at Joan’s evasive answers, Larry hung up. 
The drive home was terse and quiet. It was not long before he reached his destination.
“What’s the matter, Larry?” asked Delilah. His expression seemed to worry her. “You don’t look very well.” 
“It’s nothing.” 
You call that “nothing”? Delilah looked at Larry again. He seemed a little dazed and colder than usual as well. Did he have an argument with someone? Delilah hurried towards Larry and gave him the once over. 
“What is it? Did you quarrel with Joan?” asked Delilah again. 
“No.” 
“Well, you shouldn’t be mad! She just took a little trip on her own, that’s all—” 
“Ms. Young!” Larry was not in the mood to let her finish. 
“I’m going to rest in my room.” Larry brusquely walked up the stairs without sparing Delilah another glance. 
Delilah sighed. Why do these young couples always quarrel? With another glance at Joan’s empty bedroom, she shook her head and went back to the kitchen. 
In the room, Larry lay on the bed and shifted restlessly. His gaze wandered towards the dark sky outside his window as his mind began to wander. 
Sometimes, he did wonder if he made the right choice with Joan. Try as he might, he could not just give up someone he loved this much. 
First, it was Dustin, then it was Caiden, and now Jake? Why did Joan have so many acquaintances from the opposite sex? They seemed to outnumber her female friends!
Minutes turned into hours. Fatigue soon overcame him as he eventually drifted off to sleep. 
“Grandma, where’s Dad?” Lucius sat in the living room, but his loud voice reached Delilah’s ears. 
“He’s resting,” came Delilah’s reply from the kitchen. 
“Oh.” Lucius appeared crestfallen. 
“Come on, Lucius. Why don’t I sign that for you?” Delilah dried her hands on her apron and walked towards the little boy. 
A signature from a parent or guardian was always required after the child completes the corrections on a task. This was the school’s way of keeping the parents in the loop when it came to the children’s performance academically. 
“Okay.” Lucius walked over to Delilah with a pen in his hand. 
Back in the room, Larry’s phone was blinking repeatedly. However, he had set it to silent mode and thus did not realize it. 
The next day, Della bombarded Larry with several questions when he made his way to the office. ”I made so many calls to you, so why didn’t you answer?” 
“I was fast asleep when you called.” 
Della was not blind to the disappointment in Larry’s face. She felt her heart clench, unable to bear the sight of Larry like this. 
There was only one thing in the world that can possibly make him this upset. It has to be Joan. 
“Did you quarrel with Joan?” asked Della.
“No.” 
“Then why are you unhappy?” 
“I’m not.” 
Larry was quite reluctant to admit that he was, in fact, unhappy. Della turned around, walked towards the sofa and sat down. 
Larry frowned. “Do you need something?” 
“There will be a banquet tonight.” As she said this, Della placed an invitation in front of Larry. 
Larry pushed it aside disinterestedly. “I’m not going.” 
“I’d advise you to reconsider,” urged Della. “This banquet is one of the largest nationwide gatherings. I reckon it would benefit you.”
###Chapter 2673
Chapter 2673 
No Regrets 
Larry looked up and stared ahead, feeling torn about what he should do. 
He knew the attendees would all be prominent figures, but more importantly, he knew the party organizer was not one to be trifled with. 
Forget it. I’ll just go. 
“Alright. Got it,” Larry replied plainly before continuing with his work. 
It was clear that Larry wasn’t in a mood to talk, so Della left the office without saying anything else. 
“Hey, Ms. Duff. You’re here!” Caspian greeted when he bumped into Della in the corridor. 
“Caspian, don’t forget to remind Larry about the party tonight,” Della replied curtly before continuing on her way. 
Caspian cocked his head in confusion at Della’s retreating figure. Party? What party? Why haven’t I heard of this before? 
“Larry, I heard there’s a party tonight… “ Caspian exclaimed as soon as he stepped into the office. 
Larry was still far from enthused about the party as he hummed in response. 
He had absolutely no desire to attend, but judging by the current state of Norton Corporation, this networking opportunity might just be what they needed. 
“How’s the investigation coming along?” Larry asked.
“I found out that the business partners who terminated the contract had spoken to Jake beforehand.” 
Larry clenched his fists tightly upon hearing that, his eyes ablaze with anger. I knew it! It was all Jake’s doing! 
“What should we do next, Larry?” Caspian added. 
“I’m going to have a good chat with those business partners,” Larry replied with an air of steely determination. 
Through sheer hard work and getting partnerships with prominent domestic enterprises, Larry had managed to scale Norton Corporation to greater heights. But all his efforts were so easily destroyed when Jake decided to meddle in it. 
Jake, you’re indeed a vicious man! 
“Track down every one of those business partners and send me their locations!” Larry ordered. 
Caspian immediately did as instructed, and before long, Larry had all the information he needed. 
The very people Larry was hunting down were all in a private room of the hotel, chatting away excitedly. 
“How do you think Larry would try to resolve this issue?” 
“Ha! Who knows?” 
“Larry can’t live without us. I’m sure it won’t be long before he comes to beg us, haha… “ 
Joy and laughter filled the air as the men continued to chat and drink to their hearts’ content. 
“Here’s a toast to our friendship! Cheers!”
Bang! 
The men were about to down their wine when the door to their room got flung open. 
“Larry? What are you doing here?” shouted one of the men. 
“Who told you to come here? I sure as hell didn’t invite you!” another yelled. 
Larry slowly made his way toward the men, a steely gaze fixed on them. 
“Happy, aren’t you?” he growled. “Excited even, right?” 
Before anyone could react, Larry picked up a wine glass and smashed it onto the floor. 
A deafening silence immediately followed, and everyone could feel the tension growing in the air. 
“Don’t be like this, Larry. We’re only here to have a meal together,” one of the men mumbled. 
“Really? Is that before or after you discuss whether I’d come to beg you?” 
Larry saw no need to mince his words, especially when what he had to say made a lot of sense. 
How dare these old foxes gang up against me! They’re nothing but scheming sc*mbags, and I’ll make sure they pay for it! 
“Not only am I terminating my business relationships with all of you, but I shall also acquire all your companies in the future. You mark my words!” 
With that, Larry stomped out of the room, leaving the men standing in open-mouthed astonishment. 
“Has he lost his mind?”
“He said he wants to acquire our companies.” 
“Oh sh*t. What do we do now? We’ve really offended Larry, haven’t we?” 
Before long, the men had all left the room, still shocked by the sudden turn of events. 
Larry knew that even without their support, Norton Corporation would still be able to flourish. Though it was a pity to part ways with them, he did not have an ounce of regret for his actions.
###Chapter 2674
Chapter 2674 
Ingrates 
Initially, Larry had wanted to talk to them and come up with a win-win solution for everyone. But he never expected them to gather behind his back and even go to the extent of celebrating the fall of Norton Corporation. 
What a bunch of ingrates! Who was the one who lent a helping hand when their companies ran into difficulties? If it weren’t for me, they’d have all gone bankrupt! 
“What’s wrong, Larry?” Caspian anxiously asked over the phone. 
“We’re terminating all dealings with those business partners. Get the assistant to prepare all the necessary documents.” 
Caspian was confused by Larry’s sudden change of plans. Didn’t he want to try to retain them? 
“Larry, are you okay? Are you sure that’s what you want to do?” 
“Yes, I’m sure. I’m going to change Norton Corporation’s growth strategy,” Larry said before hanging up. 
With society’s progression and the constant advancements in technology, traditional growth strategies are gradually losing their effectiveness. With technology dominating the future, Larry had to be forward- thinking and make all the necessary preparations to future-proof Norton Corporation. 
When Larry got back to his office, he found Jessica flipping through magazines on the sofa. 
“What are you doing here?”
“I’m going to invest in you, Larry!” she exclaimed. 
Larry looked at her quizzically, waiting for her to elaborate on her ridiculous declaration. Why would she suddenly bring this up? 
Jessica hung her head as she explained, “I had heard about what happened to Norton Corporation, so I wanted to help out.” 
Oh my goodness. It must have been Caspian! Him and his big mouth! 
“No need for your help. I’ll settle it myself,” Larry replied curtly. 
“Why do you still treat me as an outsider, Larry?” 
“I’m not. You’re my last resort!” Larry suddenly answered. 
Norton Corporation’s development might have been full of setbacks, but thankfully, there hadn’t been many losses. 
Ironically, the business partners who had been gloating at him were the ones whining about their financial losses. 
Della had swung by later in the day to talk to Larry once she found out about his decision. “Any regrets?” she asked and waited expectantly for his answer. 
Della wasn’t new to the world of business and knew how deceitful people could be. They would grab any opportunity to make a profit, so she couldn’t fathom why Larry would choose to give up on those partnerships when he clearly could have benefitted from them. 
“None whatsoever,” he replied with confidence. 
“Why, though?”
“They were the ones who ditched me first. And besides, I don’t need them.” 
Larry had never done anything at the expense of others, and neither will he grovel before them just for some measly profits. 
“That’s good to hear,” Della replied with a smile of satisfaction. 
“Where’s Joan? I haven’t seen her in a long time,” she added while casually flipping through the magazines. 
“She’s gone abroad,” came Larry’s cold answer. 
His reply took Della aback, but she soon recovered her composure and went back to reading her magazines. 
Just then, an irate Jessica stormed into the office. “What business is it of yours to know where Joan is?” 
Not her again! Why is she so hell-bent on coming after me? Despite her annoyance, Della remained quiet and offered a faint smile. 
“Hey, Della. Are you very bored?” Jessica asked with a hint of sarcasm. 
“Not really.” 
Della’s calm demeanor only irked Jessica further as she tried to hold her temper back. “Then what are you doing here?” 
“I just felt like coming,” Della replied nonchalantly. 
Her reply was so simple, and yet it felt like a slap to Jessica’s face.
Is this b*tch openly wooing Larry or what? She eyed both Larry and Della suspiciously, still trying to figure out if there was anything more to their relationship. 
She finally gave in and whined loudly at Larry. 
“What’s wrong now?” Larry replied without looking up, still pounding away at his keyboard. 
“Get her to leave!” 
Della kept her head down, trying to hide the ugly sneer on her face.
###Chapter 2675
Chapter 2675 
Mutual Benefits 
Just how immature can Jessica be? Not wanting to stay and be snubbed, Della slowly stood up and left the office without a word. 
“See, she’s gone,” Larry said while pointing at the door. 
“Larry, what on earth are you thinking?” Jessica asked in annoyance. 
“I’m not thinking about anything.” 
His indifference toward her was the last straw for Jessica, and she left the office in a huff. 
Just as she was walking down the corridor, she ran into Caspian, who immediately noticed the change in her mood. 
“Hey, what’s wrong? Are you angry?” he asked while clutching her arm tightly. 
“Yes. I’m angry.” 
“Why?” 
“It’s all because of Larry! Why else?” With that, Jessica flung Caspian’s hand off and made a beeline for the exit. 
What’s wrong with Jessica? Did she quarrel with Larry? Caspian had so many questions and yet no answers. All he could do was scratch his head in confusion as he watched Jessica stomp away. 
Della, on the other hand, had been walking around aimlessly since she left Norton Corporation.
She was counting on the walk to help clear her head, but the more she thought about Larry, the more helpless she felt. She knew she had a good chance of wooing him now that Joan was away, but alas, she had no idea what to do. 
She was still lost in her thoughts when a voice suddenly rang out behind her. “Ms. Duff? What a coincidence.” 
Della turned to acknowledge the person and politely smiled in return. 
Jake walked up to her and leaned in close to whisper, “Shall we have coffee together?” 
Her reply was quick but firm. “I’m sorry, but I’m busy. Now, if you’ll excuse me.” 
“I can wait for you,” Jake replied with a shrug, a smug look on his face. 
“No need.” 
Just as Della was about to walk away from him, Jake suddenly changed the subject. “I think I can help you woo Larry.” 
Della immediately stopped in her tracks. 
Jake knew Della had fallen for his hook, line and sinker as he gestured for her to follow him. “Shall we?” 
The temptation was far too great to resist, and Della eventually agreed to follow Jake to the café. 
“So, do you like Larry very much?” Jake asked as he stirred his coffee. 
“Yes!” Della replied cheerily. 
It wouldn’t be a bad thing if he can help me win Larry over.
“Then why don’t you take more initiative toward him?” 
Della sighed as she thought about that. “Because he only loves Joan.” 
“You know, men are built differently from women. We think with the part that’s below our belts. I’d be surprised if Larry hasn’t been tempted by you, given how beautiful you are. I daresay he has only been controlling himself… “ Jake’s voice trailed off as he looked out of the window. 
Everything he had just spouted was nonsense, but he knew Della was too taken in by his words to care. 
After all, when you know someone’s greatest desire, it’d be easy to play them like a fiddle. 
“How would you help me?” Della asked anxiously. 
She never liked dawdling. She wasn’t going to sit there and listen to Jake drone on when he could get straight to the point. 
“You don’t have to care about that. All you need to do is to follow my instructions, and I guarantee you will get your man.” 
Jake held her gaze, a look of steely determination on his face. 
Really? Can I trust him? Della was excited at the prospect of winning Larry over, but at the same time, she couldn’t understand why she was a bundle of nerves. 
Eventually, the desire for Larry trumped all her worries, and she and Jake came to an understanding. 
However, one thing that Della couldn’t get her head around was why Jake was so keen on helping her. 
As a businessman, Jake wouldn’t have willingly offered his help if the plan wasn’t mutually beneficial.
No. I think it’s best to ask what he’s up to. I can’t let him lead me by the nose! 
“Why do you want to help me?” Della finally asked with some trepidation. 
“By helping you, I’d be helping myself too.” 
What’s that supposed to mean? Della furrowed her brows slightly, waiting for him to elaborate. 
“I like Joan, and you like Larry,” Jake stated matter-of-factly. 
That doesn’t sound right. The rumors I heard were that he had always liked Joan’s ex-assistant, Faye! With so many questions swirling in her head, Della couldn’t help but cast a doubtful gaze at Jake.
###Chapter 2676
Chapter 2676 
A Naive Woman 
“But what about Faye?” 
Jake broke into a smile. It was now clear that Della knew more about him than he had expected. 
“Did you really think I like Faye? I was only with her so I could get close to Joan.” 
His reasoning was so simple and yet so perfect that Della immediately believed him. 
She might be an accomplished entrepreneur, but Jake was surprised at how silly she could be when it came to relationships. 
I didn’t even have to try that hard, and I’ve already gotten her where I want her to be. What a naive woman! Jake took a sip of his coffee as he tried to hide his smirk, happy with how well his plan was going. 
“Is there anything you need me to do?” Della asked warily. 
“Not at all. Just sit back and wait for my good news,” Jake replied with confidence. 
Even though Della couldn’t shake all her doubts away, her desire for Larry was so great that she decided to go along with Jake’s plan. 
She had thought that Jake’s only goal was to get Joan, but she didn’t know the extent of his deviousness. He was the reason the business partners had all decided to end their dealings with Norton Corporation. Not only did he want Joan, but he also wanted to destroy Larry.
Back at Norton Corporation, Larry was still cooped up in his office, unaware of the deal that Jake and Della had just made. “Larry, why don’t you take a break?” Caspian said as he handed him a glass of water. 
Larry hummed in response and rubbed his eyes before finally putting his pen down. 
“Have you been in contact with Joan recently?” 
“No.” It was such a brief answer that it worried Caspian even more. 
“Jessica said she misses Joan,” Caspian added while observing for any changes in Larry’s expression. 
“Okay.” 
The awkward silence that followed made Caspian a lot more uncomfortable than he expected. 
After a while, Caspian decided to break the silence and changed the subject. “Larry, why hasn’t Ms. Duff come to visit you recently?” 
“No idea,” Larry replied flatly. And I wish she’d never come back to visit me. 
For some inexplicable reason, Caspian once again felt uneasy by Larry’s response. 
Meanwhile, Jessica was busy handling the affairs of her bookstore. 
She was so engrossed in her work that one of her employees approached her in concern. “Ms. Zimmer, you should take a break first.” 
“No need. I’m fine,” Jessica replied, waving her employee off. 
She’d rather be exhausted from working than risk having boredom set in from not working.
Before long, it was lunchtime, and only then did Jessica decide to take her well-deserved break. 
As she walked out of her office, she glanced skyward and let out a yell. That, combined with a deep stretch, instantly refreshed her. 
Just as she was getting ready to leave, her ears picked up a familiar voice. “Larry wouldn’t see us, would he?” 
Isn’t that Della’s voice? 
Jessica spun around, and her curiosity was immediately piqued when she saw two figures in the distance. 
Huh? Why is Della with Jake? Do they know each other? The more she wondered, the more Jessica couldn’t shrug off the uncomfortable feeling that something was amiss. After some hesitation, she decided to follow them secretly. 
Jake snorted as he puffed out a cloud of smoke. “Knowing Larry, I’m sure he’s still working in his office.” 
The two of them soon made their way into a café, and Jessica followed closely behind. 
The only reason Jake had asked Della out was to run her through his plan to ensure she doesn’t ruin anything. 
“So? What do you plan on doing?” Della asked as soon as they got into a private room. 
“Be patient and listen to me.” 
Della was a ball of nerves, and Jake had picked up on it. “Relax. Don’t panic,” he added.
“I need to make one thing clear, Jake. All I want is to win Larry over, but I don’t want you to lay a finger on him.” 
“Don’t worry. He won’t come to any harm,” Jake assured. 
But that doesn’t mean Norton Corporation wouldn’t come to any harm! 
Unbeknownst to them, Jessica had stayed outside the room, listening in to their conversation. 
“Larry has a dinner tonight. I’ll find a chance to spike his drink, and you’ll be in charge of getting a hotel room… “ 
Even though Jake made it sound so easy, Della’s expression had become very grim. 
Would that be a good idea? Della was beginning to show signs of hesitation. As much as she wanted Larry, she didn’t want to do it through such dishonorable means.
###Chapter 2677
Chapter 2677 
Drugged 
Jake had foreseen this and knew exactly how to goad Della into carrying out his plan. “What’s wrong? You don’t want to do it? Then I suppose you’ll have to watch Joan snatch Larry away.” 
“I’ll do it!” Della suddenly exclaimed. 
Of course, she’d fall for it. 
A woman in love was no different from a fool. As long as they could get what they wanted, they wouldn’t give a toss about the repercussions. 
Jessica, who was still listening intently outside, had taken out her phone to record their conversation. 
After hashing out their plan once more, Jake stood up and prepared to leave. 
Jessica immediately ducked into another room to prevent getting caught by either of them. 
A flicker of sadness crossed Della’s gaze as she watched Jake leave. Her mind was whirling with doubts again, unsure if she should go ahead with the plan. Morally, she knew it wasn’t right, but she loved Larry and wanted nothing more than to be with him. 
Forget it. Let’s just be wrong this one time. Having made her mind up, Della fixed her attire and left to prepare for what might be the most important night of her life. 
Now that the coast was clear, Jessica immediately ran out of her hiding place and called Larry. 
“Sorry, the number you have dialed is currently unavailable… “
Damn it. Of all times, he has to turn off his phone now? Jessica was seething with rage as she stomped her feet. She had to think fast about what to do next if she wanted to protect Larry. 
Without further ado, she decided to call the next best person, Caspian. 
His voice was calm over the phone, a stark contrast to Jessica’s. “What’s up?” 
“Where’s Larry?” 
“Larry’s out. He had something on,” Caspian replied, still calm as a cucumber. 
“Where has he gone to?” With every ticking second, Jessica was starting to get even more worried. 
“To some social event, I think.” 
Damn it, he really went! 
“Caspian, you have to stop him! You can’t let him attend that event!” she yelled. 
Thinking that Jessica was on another of her crazy rants, Caspian paid no heed to her words and brushed her off. 
His nonchalance was the last straw for Jessica. 
“Caspian! Are you f*cking listening to me?” 
Jessica’s yell was so sudden that Caspian jumped in shock and dropped his phone. 
“Hello? Caspian? Answer me, damn it! Hello?” Jessica continued to shout when she didn’t get a reply. 
On the other end, Caspian was utterly devastated to find that his phone didn’t manage to survive the fall.
Just my luck, I had only just gotten this phone a few days ago! 
Frustration went through the roof when Jessica heard the dial tone on the other end of the call. How dare that jerk Caspian hang up on me! 
She knew she had no other option but to take matters into her own hands. 
At that moment, Larry was at the hotel chatting and drinking happily with the presidents from other companies. 
Even though he seemed to be in his element, the truth was Larry truly hated such social events. But for the future of Norton Corporation, he was willing to put on a facade and do his best to maintain these business relationships. 
“Here, Mr. Norton, a toast to you!” one of the bald men exclaimed as he downed his glass of wine. 
Larry smiled and returned the toast out of courtesy. 
Another man soon stood up to also offer Larry a toast. “Mr. Norton, it’s all thanks to your hard work that Norton Corporation is what it is today. You have my utmost admiration… “ 
Larry had always been able to hold his liquor, so having a few drinks posed no problem to him at all. He could drink any of those men under the table, but never in his wildest dreams did he expect someone to spike his last drink. 
Oh my god, why is it suddenly so hot? Larry loosened his tie in a bid to get himself more comfortable as he continued to chat with the men around him. 
“Larry!” Even in his stupor, Larry knew the voice that just called out to him sounded familiar. 
“Della? What are you doing here?” Larry drunkenly asked.
Someone beside him quickly replied, “I told her to come. You’ve had too much to drink, Mr. Norton. I got Ms. Duff to send you home since you aren’t in a state to drive.” 
Really? Is he that kind? Larry shook his head vigorously, trying to sober himself up but to no avail. 
“Come on, let me send you home,” Della whispered as she helped him up. 
Della’s touch sent a shock through Larry, and he was stunned momentarily. He could feel his temperature rapidly rising, and he knew there and then that something was amiss.
###Chapter 2678
Chapter 2678 
Heat Of The Moment 
Damn it. Someone had spiked my drink! In that moment, everything became clear to Larry. 
“Don’t touch me, Della. Hurry, someone call me a cab… “ he shouted while pushing Della away. 
“Why call a cab when Ms. Duff is already here for you? How can you brush her off like this, Mr. Norton?” one of the men shouted. 
“Exactly! Ms. Duff is so kind to you. You shouldn’t let her down!” 
Soon, everyone around Larry started to chime in. 
Della once again moved closer to him. “Let’s go, Larry. I’m here for you.” 
After what seemed like an eternity, Della finally got Larry to the hotel room as planned and laid him on the bed. 
She felt her heart start to race as she stood beside him, her gaze filled with longing and desire. 
“Joan… “ Larry muttered as he started taking his clothes off. 
Della’s stare turned cold when she heard that name. Even now, he’s only thinking about Joan! 
The hesitation and doubts came flooding back as she wondered about her next steps. Should I? Or should I not? 
Whatever. Let me have him first!
Della quickly stripped her clothes off and straddled Larry, continuously grinding against him to get him excited. 
Even though the temptation was getting harder to resist, Larry was still perfectly aware that the woman on top of him wasn’t Joan. 
“Get lost!” he bellowed as he shoved Della off of him. 
Caught by surprise, Della tumbled onto the floor and held her head in embarrassment. 
“Don’t touch me!” Larry continued to shout from the bed. 
Something clicked inside Della in that instance. The more Larry tried to reject her, the more she was going to fight for him. She stood up and once again straddled him, this time with more determination. 
She took off his shirt and pants without hesitation, and before long, Larry’s top half was fully exposed. Della ran her fingers lightly over his chiseled chest, fascinated by how strong and handsome he was. 
As she continued to titillate him, it didn’t take long before Larry’s body reacted to her touch. 
She then lowered her head and started kissing him all over his neck and chest. The frantic breathing, mixed with the sensual moans, pushed Larry even closer to his breaking point. 
Finally, he couldn’t take it anymore. Mustering whatever strength he had left, he pushed Della off and went into the bathroom. 
Larry immediately turned on the shower and let the cold water rain down on him. He knew it was the only way to sober up and calm himself down. 
“Larry! Open the door!” Della yelled as she pounded on the bathroom door. 
Larry ignored her and continued with his shower, turning the water up to drown out her voice.
“Larry! Hurry up and open the door! Let me help you with your shower!” 
Eventually, Larry was so tired that he lay in the bathtub and fell asleep. 
While Larry snored away, Della continued to pace outside the bathroom, hoping that he would come out soon. 
The next morning, Larry stretched and yawned as he gradually stirred from his sleep. Despite what seemed to be a full night’s sleep, he still looked exhausted. Where am I? After looking around several times, he finally realized he had fallen asleep in the bathroom. 
What the hell happened? Did I have too much to drink last night? 
No, wait. I was drugged last night! As he sobered up more, the memories of the night before started to flood back. 
Bang! 
As Larry opened the door, Della, who had fallen asleep against it, fell to the floor. 
Wait. Why is she here? Larry eyed her suspiciously, a little curious and also a little worried. 
“You’re finally awake,” Della muttered as she rubbed the sleep from her eyes. 
“Yeah,” he replied weakly. For some inexplicable reason, he felt highly uneasy about the whole situation. 
There was a feeling of impending doom, but Larry wasn’t sure how to handle it. 
“Why are you here, Della?”
“You were drunk last night, so I brought you here… “ Della replied sheepishly.
###Chapter 2679
Chapter 2679 
Ambush 
Upon hearing that, Larry froze. Might he have done anything to Della in his drugged state? In an instant, Larry’s guard went up. 
“Della, did I do anything inappropriate to you last night?” he asked in a hushed tone. 
If something really did happen, how was he going to explain to Joan? 
Della smiled at him coyly and stood up straight. “Don’t you remember what you did last night?” 
It was then that Larry realized Della was wearing only a camisole and panties. 
Panic began to set in when he saw that he was half-naked himself. With the both of them dressed so scantily, it could only mean one thing. 
Larry was still in a daze when someone suddenly started knocking on the door. 
He turned to Della with a questioning look. “Who could that be?” 
“I have no idea,” she replied as she started to panic herself. 
Outside the room, a man turned to the hotel staff and ordered him to open the door. 
Thankfully, the staff had his principles and rejected him. “Sorry, sir. The room’s occupied.” 
“I know it’s occupied. I’m here to give Mr. Norton his clothes!” 
The crowd seemed to grow with every second, and soon, the staff had no choice but to give in to their request.
Once the door opened, a group of journalists immediately swarmed into the hotel room and crowded around the unsuspecting Larry and Della. 
“Hello, Mr. Norton. What’s your relationship with Ms. Duff?” 
“Mr. Norton, are you going to marry Ms. Duff?” 
“Ms. Duff, when did your relationship with Mr. Norton begin?” 
The journalists were relentless as they continued to fire their questions and snapped away. 
The sudden turn of events had left Della dumbstruck. She had never expected herself to be caught in public while being so scantily clad. She was so embarrassed that all she wanted to do was to bury her head in the sand. 
“Get out of the way! No photos! Stop taking photos!” 
Della’s assistant suddenly ran toward her and covered her with his coat before dragging her away. 
“Ms. Duff, are you okay?” her assistant asked in concern as he continued to observe the situation around them. 
Della shook her head weakly. “I’m fine.” 
Who had gotten the journalists to ambush them? Who could have done something that devious? Suddenly, Della thought of Jake. 
Did Jake plan for all this? The more she thought about it, the more furious she got. She knew very well her image in the public eye would be completely ruined after this incident. 
“Ms. Duff, shall we head home?” her assistant mumbled.
“No. We’re going to M Group.” 
Della was seething. She wasn’t going anywhere else until she had gotten an explanation from Jake. 
Meanwhile, in M Group, Jake was casually flipping through magazines when the door to his office was suddenly kicked open. 
“Oh my. Ms. Duff? What a surprise.” Jake immediately stood to greet her. 
“Good job on your performance last night,” he added. 
Della had had enough of his pretense and went straight to the point. “What on earth are you trying to do, Jake?” 
Jake shrugged nonchalantly. “What do you mean? I’m helping you.” 
Helping me? Or destroying me? 
“You had the journalists ambush us! You think that’s helping me?” Della asked as she shot daggers at him. 
“What else would it be? Now that the whole world knows about you and Larry, he will have to be responsible for his actions.” 
Jake smirked as he continued, “If he doesn’t take responsibility for it, it wouldn’t just be his reputation at stake… “ 
The more he said, the wider his smirk grew. “So, back to your question. Yes, I’m helping you.” 
Della walked over to the sofa and sat down, ruminating about what Jake had just said.
She had to admit that he did make a lot of sense.
###Chapter 2680
Chapter 2680 
Play Along 
“Alright, you can go home now,” Jake finally said in annoyance. 
What a fool. It was such simple reasoning, and yet she couldn’t grasp it! 
“Nothing bad will happen, right?” Della couldn’t help but ask. 
“No. Don’t worry.” 
Despite Jake’s confidence, Della still couldn’t shake off her anxiety. What made it worse was that nothing happened between Larry and her, yet she had to play along. 
Jake noticed the change in her expression and decided to probe. “Ms. Duff, I suppose you and Larry have already… “ 
“No.” Della’s reply was quick, and the disappointment on her face was clear as day. 
Jake stared open-mouthed at her. Is she joking? He had gone to so much trouble to set this all up, yet she didn’t fulfill her part of the deal? Jake paced around Della in frustration, wondering if he should believe her. 
Does she really like Larry? They spent the night together in a hotel room and nothing happened? 
“Ms. Duff, can you tell me exactly what happened last night?” 
Jake couldn’t get past his curiosity of how a drugged man could have resisted that much temptation. Under those circumstances, there was no reason Della wouldn’t have gotten her way with him!
“He slept in the bathroom the whole night,” Della finally replied with a sigh. 
No wonder! 
Larry, you’re one hell of a cautious man! Jake turned to look out the windows, a cold glint in his eyes. 
Even though they hadn’t done the actual deed, the fact that the journalists had snapped photos of them together in the room should suffice. 
“I got it. You just have to insist that you had done it with him,” Jake said with a darkened gaze. 
It was easy for Jake to come up with the suggestion, but it was Della who had to live with the guilt. She usually opposed such despicable acts, yet she was the one carrying it out now. 
“Why? You don’t want to? You can choose not to admit it. Just don’t forget your initial goal when you agreed to our plan!” 
Della frowned and looked a little defeated. 
Jake’s right. All this is for Larry. I have to keep that in mind. 
Jake, on the other hand, was getting increasingly annoyed at Della for being so indecisive. “Don’t be silly! If you don’t take the initiative, do you think Larry would care about you?” 
Della felt very conflicted as she furrowed her brows even deeper. 
Since things have come to this point, let’s just throw caution to the wind! With a renewed determination, Della straightened up and looked Jake in his eyes. “I understand.” 
Brilliant! Jake smiled as he patted her shoulders, pleased that she had finally come to her senses. 
Back at Norton Corporation, Larry was pacing around in his office, his anxiety in overdrive.
“Larry, how could you have gotten a room with Della?” Caspian chided. 
Before this, Caspian had always strongly believed that Larry loved only Joan and would never let her down. But now, he couldn’t be sure anymore. 
“I didn’t,” Larry muttered as he held his head. 
Caspian was flabbergasted. How could he not have? How would he explain the photos, the reports, and even the video? Were they all pranks? Besides, there were cameras in the hotels that could easily prove it… 
“Larry, don’t you think you owe Joan an explanation?” 
Larry looked away and sighed deeply. 
Thankfully Joan wasn’t in the country. Otherwise, he really wouldn’t know how to explain things to her. 
“Not now. She’s overseas,” he replied. 
“I still think it’d be better if you explained it to her soon! With how fast news spread on the internet and with you being a prominent figure… “ 
Larry was still feeling stressed about having to explain things to Joan when Jessica stormed into the office yelling for him. 
Oh, damn it. She’s only going to make it worse for me. 
Caspian immediately ran up to stop her. “Don’t be rash. Let’s talk things through!” 
“He has been caught in the act! What more can I say?” Jessica angrily replied as she pushed Caspian away.
###Chapter 2681
Chapter 2681 
Who Do You Choose 
“Jessica, what’re you doing?” Larry tilted his head up in a flash. 
“What do you think I’m doing?” 
Jessica strutted towards Larry and glared at him. 
She was quite a character, someone who’d go all out for her friends and family if the situation called for it. Her boldness and audacity persisted even after her parents passed on. 
“What happened between Della and me were purely misunderstandings.” Larry was quick to explain. 
Jessica had always greeted Larry chirpily every time she saw him. But today at the office, her tone was cold and sharp. She was on the verge of going berserk. 
“So tell me, Larry. Are you planning to give way to your lecherous greed?” 
Her resentment drew her fist tighter and tighter. 
“Nonsense!” Larry growled in discontent. 
“No, it’s not! Say it, who do you choose?” 
Jessica looked him in the eye. 
What kind of question is this? Larry looked at her quizzically. 
“What? You know perfectly well who I’m talking about. Joan or Della?” The interrogation continued.
Duh, of course Joan! 
“Enough. You have other things to do!” Larry gestured for Jessica to leave. 
“Answer my question!” 
Jessica was persistent. 
Unfortunately, Larry couldn’t give her one at this point of time. 
The one he loved was undoubtedly Joan. He honestly wasn’t sure if he’d slept with Della, but rumors had it that there was something saucy going on between them. 
“Stop this lunacy, Jessica!” Larry swiveled back to his laptop as he growled. 
“Larry Norton, who would’ve expected that you’re a scoundrel who played with people’s feelings!” Jessica pointed her fingers at Larry as in anger. 
Sigh. Do as she pleases! Before figuring out what the raw truth is, he’d keep his lips sealed. 
“Jessica, enough. You’ve crossed the line!” 
Caspian rushed in and tugged the corner of her blouse. 
“Who’s the one crossing the line here, eh? All men are as*holes!” She directed her rage at Caspian this time. 
She’s gone mad! How could she say something so offensive? 
“Go home. Now!” Caspian had enough. 
“What’s the matter? Did I tick you off? But that’s the truth, isn’t it? You men only want to dip your wick.”
Those words were meant for Larry, but they didn’t fail to trample Caspian’s feelings either. 
“Enough, Jessica!” Caspian went bananas and lugged her out of the office. 
“Let me go, Caspian! You bast*rd…” 
She turned her head towards Larry as she tried to struggle free. 
“Do you hear me? Stop it!” Caspian hissed in the corridor. 
“Never!” 
“Jessica, I say stop. It’s either that or we break up!” 
Caspian’s austere manner threw Jessica off. 
He’s breaking up with me for something so trivial? 
“Aren’t you the man, Caspian!” Jessica flung his hand off and left Norton Corporation. 
Glumness took over Caspian as Jessica stamped further and further. 
When can she stop acting like a child? He shook his head and left. 
“Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Coming up next, Mr. Larry Norton, the CEO of Norton Corporation, and Ms. Della Duff were being found having an affair at…” 
On the screen, The TV host reported the news with great enthusiasm. 
Larry’s clenched fist became watertight.
###Chapter 2682
Chapter 2682 
Something Is Fishy 
Thump! 
Larry lost it and pounded the wall behind him. 
D*mn it! Who’s behind all this! 
“Larry.” Caspian walked into the office with distress written all over his face. 
“What’s wrong?” Larry went back to signing documents. 
“You okay?” 
“Yeah, I’m fine.” 
“Well, erm—” Caspian was hesitant. 
“Spill it!” 
“Few of our partners terminated their contracts with us.” Caspian’s head drooped as he reported. 
Those words got Larry’s attention. He couldn’t hide his nerves any further. 
What the hell is happening? First, Della, and now this. 
“And what was their reason?” 
Larry stopped what he was doing and sat very still, waiting for a reply.
“It’s erm—” 
“Just say it!” 
“Erm, they said that since you’re already with Della, you won’t be needing their support anymore. They also said that they’re planning to retire soon.” Caspian shuddered. 
This is outright bullsh*t! Larry tilted his head towards one side and fell into deep thoughts. 
Something’s fishy. 
It started with some partners calling to end their dealings with Norton Corporation, and then I was drugged and caught on camera. Now, more partners are terminating their contracts with us. 
It’s like someone is orchestrating a show. 
Who’s the mastermind behind this? Larry frowned in confusion and anger. 
“Larry, have you been messing with the wrong people lately?” 
Not that I know of. I was buzzing like a bee: working overtime, burning the midnight oil, entertaining partners, etc. I didn’t even have time for myself, let alone messing with the wrong crowd. 
“Joan would throw a fuss if she knew,” Caspian murmured to himself. 
It was only natural for a woman to be jealous when her man was rumored to be with another woman, but still, Larry needs to come up with a good explanation. 
“If you want, I could—” Caspian’s eyes gleamed at his thought. 
“That won’t be necessary.” Larry waved his hand as a sign of dismissal as he firmly responded.
Well, what’s done is done. I have to solve this issue myself. 
“Larry, is there anything I could do?” 
Caspian was earnestly hoping that he could contribute. 
“Get in touch with Mr. Lancaster—” Larry rubbed his finger on his forehead, “—and give him a rough picture of the company’s current situation.” He gave Caspian a pat on his shoulder, feeling dejected. 
Larry saved Mr. Lancaster’s life once, and from there, Mr. Lancaster promised to be on his side no matter what the odds were. 
Caspian’s gloomy vibe turned bright and hopeful after Larry finally came up with a plan. 
“When?” He looked up at Larry. 
“Now.” 
Caspian was on it immediately. He left the office and started handing over his other duties to his colleagues. 
Mr. Lancaster knew clearly the dynamics between Larry and Caspian. Thus, having Caspian representing Larry overseas would no doubt win his support. 
Meanwhile, Della was just hanging around in her living room. She had become more relaxed since she agreed to be part of Jake’s scheme. It might be because she worried less about relationships now. 
“Hi, Ms. Duff. How have you been?” Jake heartily greeted Della. 
“Pretty good.”
What’s Jake doing here? Della had her reservations. 
“So, I believe you’re here to…” Della looked at him inquisitively. 
“To discuss our next step.” Jake cockily made himself comfortable on the couch.
###Chapter 2683
Chapter 2683 
The Plan 
She was right, and her guards were up. He didn’t come just to say hi. 
“And what’s your plan?” 
“Stop your dealings with Norton Corporation.” Jake was blatant with his request. 
What? That’s never gonna happen. Not in a million years! 
“Jake, what are you up to exactly?” She was skeptical about him. 
“Can’t you see that I’m helping you to get hold of Larry?” 
He must be kidding! 
Even the dumbest of the dumbest knows the consequences of severing ties with Norton Corporation. Larry would definitely hold a grudge till the end of time. 
“You may leave. It’s out of the question.” Della responded coldly. 
She’d moved heaven and earth to build up this partnership with Larry, and nothing could make her give up this connection between them. 
“Ms. Duff, trust me. He’ll be yours.” 
“So, what’s the deal?” Della pressed her lips flat. 
“Larry will only be able to see how important you’re to him once you’ve ended your partnership with Norton Corporation, no?”
Jake’s words tugged at her heartstrings, and she bobbed her head to his words. 
“So? Do you think it’s doable?” 
Jake asked impishly. 
Della wasn’t sure, but eventually said yes. 
“Are you sure it’s going to work?” Still, she was worried. 
“Positive.” Jake was calm and firm. 
Ring—Ring—Ring… 
It was her phone. 
Della picked it up straight away when she saw the caller ID. 
“Hi, Della. Where are you?” It was her father. 
“I’m at home in Chanaea.” She regained her gentility. 
“My dear, listen to me. Don’t make any rash decisions. Sometimes things are just not meant to be.” His voice was brimmed with concern. 
“Dad? You lost me.” Della acted like she had no idea what he was talking about. 
“Come back anytime if things get too rough. It’s perfectly okay.” 
“That’s not happening. I’m not going back!” 
What’s next? Is she going to debilitate Larry? The man on the other end of the line couldn’t do anything but sigh.
“Don’t be a tool.” 
“Don’t worry, Dad. I won’t.” Her smile shone naive confidence. 
Jake, who was seated next to her, remained silent as a scheming grin crossed his face. 
Della hung up the phone after a few exchanges with her father and started to talk to Jake about their plan. 
Della hadn’t grasped the current situation in the country fully, but Jake knew it like the back of his hand. 
He believed that he’d carved out a flawless ploy. What he didn’t know was Larry was ready to retaliate. 
Back at Norton Corporation, Larry was swamped. 
Whump! 
Caspian hurled the door open and barged in as he tried to catch his breath. 
“Larry!” 
“Yes?” 
“It’s about Ms. Duff. She’d stopped her dealings with us!” 
Larry jolted up in consternation. 
What on earth is she trying to do? Was it Jake that made her do so? He shook his head in dismay and walked towards the window. 
“Where is she?” He turned towards Caspian, urging for a reply.
“I don’t know. I called her just now but she didn’t pick up.” 
Caspian was engulfed by fear, fearing that the future of Norton Corporation would be affected gravely. 
Without any hesitation, Larry drew his phone out and punched in Della’s number. 
“Hello?” 
She sounded cautious. 
“Where are you?” 
“At home.” She gave a simple and chirpy reply as if nothing happened.
###Chapter 2684
Chapter 2684 
At The Villa 
“Come to Norton Corporation. I’ve something to tell you.” 
Larry tried to keep his cool as he wanted to negotiate with Della in peace. 
“Actually, I’m a bit under the weather today. Why don’t you come to my place?” 
Della’s reply had Larry on the qui vive. 
“Was it about our contract? No discussions will be done if it’s not at my place.” She hung up right after laying out her conditions. 
Caspian was at sixes and sevens. 
“Larry, what did Ms. Duff say?” 
“I’m gonna head out now. Give me a buzz if anything.” 
Larry took his jacket and walked out of his office. 
That was gruff. Caspian scratched his head in confusion. 
In the car, Larry, completely agitated, was taking drags on his cigarette. No matter what the outcome would be, he had to solve this predicament. 
Very soon, he was at Della’s villa. 
It was unaware to him that a few people were lurking in the dark, observing his every move.
Knock, knock. 
Della slowly paced towards the door at the sound of the knockings. 
She was scantily clad in sexy lingerie that showed off her cleavage. 
“Welcome,” she foxily greeted and leaned on the wall as she opened the door. 
Larry knew clearly that Della was up to something folly this evening from the way she presented herself. 
“Go ahead and explain yourself.” He took a seat on the couch. 
“About what?” 
“About why you terminated our liaison.” 
“Tell me, Larry. Are you using me?” 
Without notice, Della pressed herself against him and brushed her skin against his. 
“I thought our relationship was symbiotic, is it not?” 
Larry pushed her aside and straightened his shirt. 
“You know it’s not about the money. What I need is a romantic partner who will become my husband in the future.” She then drew herself closer in and wrapped her arms around his neck. 
Larry became narky and bellowed, “Della, behave!” 
“Relax, will you? I just want to get closer to you. That’s all.”
Della slithered her hands underneath his shirt and made her way up to his chest. Not long after, she pushed him out onto the balcony. 
This was all part of the plan. 
“Della, I’m here to talk business. If you insist on continuing the evening in this manner, I’m leaving.” Larry insouciantly made his stand. 
What business? I’ve only wanted to talk romance with you since day one. 
Click! Click! Click! 
Meanwhile, somewhere in the villa, a man with raised brows and a wide grin was wildly snapping photos of them. 
“Don’t you think that’s a bit too many?” The girl next to him whispered. 
“Not at all. We aren’t even there yet.” The man holding on to the camera let out a scheming smile, and his eyes were gleaming in greed. 
They’ve caught everything on camera. 
“Larry, since both of us are single, why not we go steady?” 
Della pinched his chin and drew herself as close as she could to him. 
“What’s going on, Della?” 
What does he mean by what’s going on? 
“You weren’t like this before.”
Larry rolled his fingers into his palms out of fury. If Della weren’t a woman, he’d have struck her with his fist. 
“No!” All of a sudden, Della flipped her hair back and cried. 
“I’ve been like this since forever. I’m just keeping it in. You didn’t like my coarse mannerism, so I became more ladylike; You didn’t like me drinking, and I quit. I even binned all the snacks I bought because you didn’t like me eating them!”
###Chapter 2685
Chapter 2685 
Everything Is In Order 
Della wailed and then whimpered. Her feelings towards Larry were nothing but genuine. Sadly, there could only be one woman in his heart. 
“Why wouldn’t you even look at me? Why must you choose Joan! Larry, why can’t we, you know, try to be together? You have feelings for me too, don’t you? Don’t you!” Della plunged her crimson red lips onto Larry’s. 
“Kiss me…” she murmured. 
Larry was taken aback, and his mind went blank for a second. He pushed her away once he got back to his senses. 
Click! It was the perfect moment for the camera. 
“Excellent!” The man was on cloud nine. 
“Are we done yet? Can we go now?” The girl beside him whispered. 
“Of course not. The show has just begun.” He patted her on the head and let out a sly grin. 
“You’re out of your mind!” Larry lost it. 
“No! I’m not! I just can’t wait any longer! I don’t want to hold it in anymore,” Della sobbed pitifully. 
“I’m leaving.”
Larry picked up his phone, and just as he was about to turn around and leave, Della lunged towards his back and held him tightly in her arms. Anyone seeing this would assume that something was going on between them. 
“Please don’t go. I beg you. Don’t leave me…” 
At that moment, Della was the epitome of vulnerability. Her words would draw sympathy from anyone. Nevertheless, Larry remained stoic. 
“Larry, let’s get steady, okay?” 
“No!” 
He mercilessly picked her hands off his waist and walked out. 
Her love for him reduced into specks of dust and dispersed into thin air as she saw him leaving. Her passion was stamped out. 
Larry has always been so cold, and he always pushes me aside! 
Della sunk into the couch and stared blankly at the ceiling with her vacant eyes. She was lost and was thinking of retreating, but that was never an option. 
There was no turning back for her this time. 
“S-So? D-Did you get it?” She pulled the phone to her ears. 
“Everything’s in order, Ms. Duff. Don’t you worry.” It was a light-hearted reply. 
Very well, Larry. You’ll know what’s coming at you tomorrow!
Della flung her phone onto the coffee table and fondled her hair. She let her eyelids drop as she quietly awaited sunrise. 
The next day, as Della expected, scandalous news of Larry and her were all over town. Every street and every corner was bubbling with the made-up affair. 
“Larry, what’s going on!” Delilah bawled and flung the newspaper onto Larry’s hands. Larry just got up and had no clue about why Delilah was so waspish. “Ms. Young, what made you lose your rag so early in the morning?” 
He slowly turned the newspaper open and read the headline word by word. 
“The president of Norton Corporation is with Ms. Duff. 
“Ms. Duff’s sizzling hot bod and Mr. Norton’s chivalry…” 
What the hell is this? Larry’s frown was as tight as a drum. 
A few pictures were tagged to the headline. It was all taken last night at Della’s villa. 
What the heck? It was Della? 
“Explain yourself, Mr. Norton,” Delilah urged. 
What is there to explain? It’s all an act! Nothing happened between Della and me last night! 
“Ms. Young, please listen to me. Firstly, this is fake news. Secondly, I went to Della’s because—” 
“What! You really went to her place last night?” 
Delilah fumed and stronger suspicion brewed.
“It was for work!” Larry was slightly worked up. 
Ring-Ring-Ring… 
Larry answered the call immediately, 
“Larry, where are you?” 
Caspian was in a state of nerves.
###Chapter 2686
Chapter 2686 
Holding His Ground 
“I’m at home. What’s the matter?” 
“Code red. You need to come to the office immediately!” 
Caspian was having the shakes. 
Larry hung up, and in a flash, he was out the door with his jacket in his hand. 
“Larry, think hard about how you are going to tell Joan!” 
Delilah was extremely concerned and couldn’t figure out how things had gotten into this mayhem. 
Larry got into his car, and bam! He rammed his fist onto the steering wheel to let off steam. 
At Norton Corporation, flocks of reporters were blocking the entrance. They were all waiting for Larry. 
When Larry saw the chaotic scene, he stealthily sneaked into the building via the backdoor. 
The office was in an utter mess. 
“Hey, what’s all this?” Larry turned his head towards Caspian. 
“Ms. Duff was here early in the morning. She was drunk and started smashing stuff the moment she arrived,” Caspian nonchalantly explained. 
He didn’t dare to stop Ms. Duff unless it was an instruction from Larry. 
Thump!
Larry kicked his office’s door open. 
All employees outside his office held their breath in curiosity. It was so silent that one could hear a pin drop. 
“Della, what are you up to?” Larry hastened his footsteps and glared at her. 
“Finally, you’re here, Larry. Do you know how scared I was after you left last night?” She threw him a hug. 
Feeling out of place, Caspian shuffled quietly out of the room and closed the door. 
“What do you want?” asked Larry. 
“I want you to marry me, Larry.” Della moaned. 
“No way!” 
“Then you shall lose everything!” Della snapped. 
She was never a person who joked about, and meant every word she spoke. 
“I don’t love you.” 
“But I do, and I’m content with that.” 
Della clutched onto Larry with all her might and buried her head into his chest. 
“What’s going on? What’s with Ms. Duff?” 
“No idea. She was throwing tantrums a minute ago. How did she suddenly turn so compliant?” 
“I guess Mr. Norton’s the only person on this planet who could make her submit.”
A few staff outside Larry’s office were tittle-tattling about what they saw. 
“Let me go!” 
“No!” 
Della’s grip got tighter. 
“Della, please understand that you have a public image to hold.” Larry tried to talk sense into her. 
“It’s not as important as you.” 
My goodness. This woman has turned mad! Larry pulled her away and flung her onto the couch. 
“Listen. First of all, nothing’s gonna happen between us. Secondly, if you want to terminate our contract, go ahead. You may leave now!” Larry’s eyes widened, and his lips pressed tightly against each other as he pointed towards the door. 
“Larry, what if your company goes bankrupt? You’d lose everything without me. Aren’t you scared of that?” 
Larry was terrified alright. But what petrified him most was him losing his principles! 
“You may leave!” 
“What if I don’t?” Della was persistent. 
Larry picked up his phone and made a call. 
“Jasper, come to my office immediately and see Ms. Duff out!”
Jasper appeared in the blink of an eye and gestured courteously for Della to leave. “Ms. Duff, this way, please.” 
“You’ll regret it, Larry!” 
Della got up and left Larry’s office in her platform heels. 
The corner of Larry’s mouth twitched. 
He’d never once regretted. It was nothing, really. Worse comes to worst, the company would go bankrupt. He truly believed that he could rebuild his legacy from ground zero. He also trusted that Joan would be by his side, supporting him along the way.
###Chapter 2687
Chapter 2687 
Press Conference 
“Larry!” 
Caspian looked anxiously at Larry. 
“It’s fine, don’t worry. We’ll get someone to clean it up,” Larry said as he indicated the mess on the floor. 
“So our partnership with Ms. Duff…” Caspian said with some hesitation, unsure of how to approach the matter delicately. 
“Call it off! All of it!” Larry commanded authoritatively. 
Caspian gave him a large thumbs up in approval. 
At the entrance to Norton Corporation, the reporters did not disperse. All of them were animatedly discussing the events of the previous night. 
They kept it up until Della appeared when they rushed forward to crowded around her. 
“Ms. Duff, we would like to know when you and Mr. Norton would be getting married?” a reporter asked urgently while pushing a large microphone towards her. 
“Yes, Ms. Duff. We heard that you and Mr. Norton were living together…” 
Della smiled slightly at the sight of the journalists before her. 
Yes, just what I wanted! 
Ms. Duff, why are you crying?” a journalist asked concernedly.
Tears flowed down Della’s cheek as she ran off. 
The journalists were stunned at the sight of her departing figure. 
“What’s going on? That wasn’t in the script!” 
“How is this going to play out next?” 
“After her!” Della’s assistant gestured from the sidelines. 
Why are they looking so demotivated? 
Soon, suggestive and lewd gossip once again made headlines. 
Larry’s public image had suffered great damage, while Della emerged as the martyr of the entire drama. 
“Are what they’re saying on the news true?” asked a young employee of Norton Corporation to her colleague. 
“I don’t know, but it must have happened for a reason. It’s possible that Mr. Norton had unintentionally offended that Della.” 
The two women exchanged speculations, unaware that Larry stood several paces away behind them. 
“Mr. Norton!” gasped one of the gossipers in a shaky voice as she jumped with fright at the sight of him. 
“What were you discussing earlier?” Larry asked them coldly. 
“We were talking about work, yes. We were discussing a plan…” 
“Yes, that’s right. A plan…”
The women hurriedly corroborated each other’s lies for fear of losing their jobs. 
“Do your jobs and keep your noses out of other people’s affairs!” Larry snapped as he turned and entered his office. 
Caspian gazed at them helplessly as he shook his head with a sigh. 
The employees who were able to survive in Norton Corporation were talented professionals. A couple of busybodies and gossipers were bound to exist. 
“Larry, why don’t we hold a press conference?” Caspian suggested as an attempt to combat this prickly matter. 
“No need,” Larry replied shortly. 
“Our conscious is clear. There’s no need to prove anything,” Larry said in a quiet voice. 
It’s been many days. Larry had become more open minded. Society was like a murky seabed; there were all sorts of dubious characters. The extreme limits of one’s character were difficult to grasp given the breadth of possibilities. Some people were kind at heart but became wicked halfway through life. There were also some who were sinners in their youth but came to their senses later in their later years and sought to lead a normal life. 
In this world, there was no absolute good or absolute bad. 
“Larry, I think that you should explain to everyone and at least make it known that you had never offended Ms. Duff and had never promised her anything…” Caspian blurted. His face was red with embarrassment.
Caspian believed that the man before him was not one who would be seduced by Della easily. He firmly believed that Larry’s love for Joan was pure and loyal. 
Thump! 
The door was kicked open.
###Chapter 2688
Chapter 2688 
She Found Out 
Jessica stood at the entrance with her hands on her hips, a strict look on her face. 
“What is it?” Larry looked up uncomprehendingly. 
“You tell me!” 
Jessica came in slowly with anger all over her face. 
“What’s the meaning of this?” Caspian faced Jessica, somewhat speechless. 
“Jessica, what’re you doing?” 
Caspian pushed Jessica’s elbow gently. His face displayed his displeasure. 
Jessica doesn’t have any tricks up her sleeve, does she? 
“Larry, explain yourself!” Jessica took out a newspaper from her purse and flung it down to Larry. 
Caspian was stunned. Jessica is here to cause trouble again! 
“There’s nothing to explain. For those who believe in me, no explanation is necessary.” Larry eyed Jessica with disdain. 
He’s still smug, is he? Things have developed to such an uncontrollable degree. Isn’t Larry ashamed? Doesn’t he feel even a little embarrassed? Jessica walked right up to him and stared at him with wide eyes as she hoped to draw his attention. 
“Step aside, I’m in the middle of something,” Larry exclaimed loudly without raising his head.
“Larry, aren’t you worried that Joan would be angry if she finds out?” Jessica reminded him. 
Larry knew that Joan would be jealous of course, but that may not be a bad thing. 
“This is none of your business,” Larry said as he typed and stared at his document to appear busy. 
“Don’t say I didn’t warn you!” Jessica turned away. 
I am kind enough to come over and help Larry resolve his problem but he did not even appreciate it. I don’t know what Larry is thinking to work together with Della, and the both of them even… 
If they’re going to a hotel the last time was an accident, then what about this time? Even worse, Larry had been to Della’s house… 
Jessica folded her arms in front of her and stroked her chin, deep in thought about the most recent events. Suddenly, she turned back to face Larry. “Larry, Joan will be back soon.” 
That was the only thing Jessica said that had caught Larry’s interest. 
“Have you been in contact with her?” Larry asked urgently. 
“Yes, we’ve been in touch,” Jessica said coldly with a shrug. 
“How is she now? Is she well? Where the hell is she, anyway? Is she living in a decent place?” Larry straightened out his shirt as he fired questions at Jessica. 
“That’s enough, stop worrying over nothing. You should probably start worrying about yourself,” said Jessica with a fierce glare at Larry as she pointed to the newspaper on the table. 
“If Joan sees that, she’ll be very sad.” Jessica turned and saw Caspian with a glint of excitement in his eyes.
“Caspian is still the best. He’s honest and loyal.” 
Jessica patted Caspian on the back with a smile. 
Larry knew that she said that for him. He did not retort to give her the satisfaction. He knew perfectly well that Jessica was sometimes an impulsive person. She could be yelling her head off but the next second she would change abruptly and become demure. 
“That’s enough, Jessica.” 
Caspian kissed her forehead in order to dissuade her from speaking further. 
The weather at the beach was sunny, the salty breeze rejuvenating. Joan stood on the balcony and gazed out into the ocean, feeling very at peace. 
“The president of Norton Corporation is a good match for Ms. Della Duff…” 
A sultry female voice came from the TV. 
Joan was stunned. 
Larry and Della being a good match? What is this? Joan ran to the living room with her eyes fixed on the television before her. 
As she watched, tears formed at the corners of her eyes. 
Larry cheated on me! 
She had thought that he was the only person in the world who would never betray her, and now he’s been caught with another woman.
###Chapter 2689
Chapter 2689 
Tough It Out 
What a joke! 
All that talk about remarrying and about loving me. Turns out it was nothing but a lie. 
Men think with the part that’s below their belts. 
Smack! 
In her daze, Joan accidentally knocked a drinking glass off the table. She felt the living room spin before her eyes. 
She steadied herself and seized her phone to search for Larry’s number. She wanted to call him so badly but she did not have the courage to do so. 
She was afraid that Larry would tell her that he had moved on. 
Ring! 
Before she could dial his number, her phone rang instead. 
At the sight of the caller, Joan picked up immediately. 
“Joan.” 
Jessica’s voice sounded uneasy on the other end. 
“Jessica, is everything alright?” Joan asked at once.
“I’m sure you’ve seen the news, haven’t you? Don’t worry, I’m sure Larry has a reasonable explanation for that, don’t overthink…” 
Jessica made everything sound so simple but Joan could not believe a word of it. 
If it were Casper on TV with Della, I’m sure Jessica wouldn’t sound so calm! 
“I know.” Joan was about to hang up. 
“Wait!” Jessica suddenly shouted in a panic. 
Joan jumped and held the phone an arm’s length away from her ear. 
“Don’t come back yet. Larry is attending to this matter and he is worried about it affecting you…” Jessica explained. 
It was true. When Joan first saw the news, her first impulse was to return to the country and confront Larry about it. 
“Jessica, talk to me. What is actually going on?” Joan asked with concern. 
“It’s… it’s not a big deal, just a normal accident…” Jessica stammered in response. 
Is she insane? She said that it was an accident, so how could it be normal? Something unusual or awkward must have happened back home. Joan’s eyes flashed with coldness. Anger rose to her face. 
“I’m coming back to the country tomorrow!” Joan was about to hang up again. 
“You can’t!” 
Jessica’s cold voice alerted Joan’s suspicions at once.
She must have something to hide for being so set on preventing me from going back! 
“Alright, I’ll tell you! Norton Corporation is now facing a crisis, and now Della is withdrawing her support…” 
Jessica told Joan everything in an attempt to stop her from returning to the country. 
It was simple. Larry had to devote all of his energy to keep his company alive. If Joan chose to return to the country at that moment, groups with specific interests would target her, thus necessitating Larry to divert his attention to protect Joan. 
“Joan, please don’t come back right now. Things aren’t too good. Think of it as helping Larry by remaining out of the country and tough it out,” Jessica explained helplessly. 
It was at this moment when Jessica decided to side with Larry. 
Though Jessica used to tease Larry to the point of angering him on purpose, Larry could always count on Jessica’s support when it was needed. 
The women chatted a little longer before hanging up respectively. 
To avoid creating more problems for Larry, Joan had decided to stay where she was. 
At that very moment, Dustin and Abelyn were on the couch with their eyes glued to the television screen. 
“What’s the situation? What’s up with Larry?” Abelyn yelled as she munched on some chips. 
To her left, Dustin watched the news with a stiff expression on. 
He did not expect that Larry would cheat on Joan.
“Is that Larry trustworthy?” Abelyn wondered out loud as she cast a curious eye at Dustin. 
“He is,” Dustin answered calmly, as Abelyn looked at him scathingly.
###Chapter 2690
Chapter 2690 
Men Are Pigs 
“Let’s go pay Joan a visit,” said Abelyn, with concern in her eyes. 
Ever since her last drunken episode, Abelyn’s attitude towards Joan had changed completely. 
Abelyn used to look at Joan with disappointment, but now she felt herself sympathizing with Joan. 
“What are you planning to do?” Dustin turned and gazed suspiciously at Abelyn. 
He was afraid that Abelyn would take advantage of Joan’s misfortune. Worse, Abelyn might insult Joan. 
“What are you thinking about? What can I do? I’m just going to comfort her!” Abelyn said as she flung a pillow at Dustin in disdain. 
“You make it sound like I want to cause her harm.” 
Wasn’t it so? Wasn’t the pain she had caused in the past enough? Dustin glared at Abelyn but said nothing. 
The couple got dressed and headed for Joan’s rented house. 
“What are you two doing here?” Joan asked in surprise when she opened the door. 
“We came to raid your fridge,” Abelyn said and strode in. 
After a glance around, Abelyn deemed the place decent. It was clean and had tasteful decor.
“What are we having tonight?” Abelyn asked as she sprawled on the couch, as though she was in her own home. 
“What would you like to eat?” Joan played along as she walked toward her. She had not managed to greet Dustin who was behind her. 
“Shall we have pizza?” Abelyn asked tentatively from the couch. 
“Perfect!” Joan entered the kitchen. 
Dustin was in the middle of brooding over the mystery of their sudden friendship when Abelyn gave him a kick to send him into the kitchen. 
“Help her!” Abelyn yelled as she munched on an apple. 
What is the meaning of this? Dustin gazed at Joan in the kitchen and then at Abelyn in the living room suspiciously. 
“I’ll come over as soon as I’m done with my apple!” 
It was at this point when a large pizza for three was being prepared. 
“Joan, it was my fault back then for being hostile towards you. I would like to apologize to you now. Let’s have a toast! For health!” Abelyn raised a glass and downed it. 
The other two were taken aback. Not keen to show weakness, they too promptly raised their glasses in response and drank. 
Abelyn was feeling pity for Joan. 
She had been lied to by men in her past and understood the feeling of betrayal perfectly.
This was one of those bonds that women shared. 
“You two should take it easy with the beer,” Dustin remarked worriedly. 
If they were going to get drunk, he would be the one to suffer the most. 
“Shut up!” 
“Shut up!” 
The two women reprimanded Dustin in unison, further solidifying their friendship. 
“Joan, don’t pick up her bad habits,” Dustin said with a jab of his finger towards Abelyn as he helped himself to a slice. 
“Dustin, what do you mean? I’m not afraid of anything. What’s wrong with being with me? I am bold, but not unreasonable, you know?” Abelyn shouted furiously. 
“Are you sure you aren’t afraid of anything? Didn’t you used to be afraid of your ex-boyfriend?” Dustin blurted out. 
A second later, he clapped a hand to his mouth in horror at the realization that he had overstepped his bounds. As if by instinct, he gave himself a slap across his cheek. 
“I didn’t mean that, Abelyn. Please do not overthink,” Dustin explained guiltily. 
What is there to explain? He spoke the truth! Abelyn shook her head with a sigh. Pain and bitterness were written all over her face. 
If the feelings from the past did not ever exist, perhaps she would be living very happily now.
Suddenly, Abelyn’s phone rang. 
Joan handed Abelyn’s phone to her and returned to the kitchen. 
Abelyn glanced at the screen and declined the call. 
However, the phone calls were incessant, as though the caller was determined to reach her. Dustin had enough and turned her phone completely off and flung it down onto the couch.
###Chapter 2691
Chapter 2691 
Cry It Out 
As soon as he reached the dining table, his phone began ringing. 
Dustin glanced at the screen only to discover that it was an unfamiliar number. He hung up without hesitation. 
His phone rang three more times. Dustin finally answered out of exasperation, thinking that it was a long-lost friend trying to keep in touch. He answered the call and put it on speakerphone. 
“I want to speak with Abelyn.” 
It was a man’s voice. 
At once, all three of them were stunned. 
Abelyn stared at Dustin’s phone on the table with shock. 
She recognized that voice. It was her ex-boyfriend. 
But why did he call Dustin? Abelyn was confused. 
“What do you want?” Abelyn asked coldly as she helped herself to more pizza. 
“What do you want?” the man on the phone asked savagely. 
What a joke! 
He has the audacity to ask me that? He was the one who suggested that they broke up and he was the one who cheated. And now he’s here asking me what I want to do?
A scumbag will forever remain a scumbag. What a selfish man with no capacity for self-reflection indeed! 
“I do not want anything,” Abelyn answered firmly. 
“Abelyn, I’ve already done everything. Perhaps you should stop being stubborn?” 
The voice carried the hint of a threat. 
Abelyn was not affected. 
“There are no more possibilities when it comes to us. From now on, we shall part ways and never contact each other again.” 
At that, Abelyn hung up. 
What a clingy piece of sh*t! Abelyn turned off Dustin’s phone and flung it on the couch, imitating Dustin’s action earlier. 
“That was your ex-boyfriend?” Joan asked with concern. 
“Hmph, ignore him. Let’s get back to our meal!” 
Abelyn poured herself another glass. 
On the surface, she looked like she didn’t care, but in truth, her heart was pounding hard with anxiety. 
At the sight of Abelyn’s red and drunken face before her, Joan felt a welling of pity for Abelyn. 
Joan suddenly thought of Larry. 
The incident between him and Della had not been made clear to Joan.
Though she trusted Larry’s character, she understood man’s desires even more. 
“Abelyn, you don’t have to hold it in. If you feel like crying, just let it out. We won’t make fun of you for it.” 
Dustin placed a slice of pizza in front of her. 
At last, Abelyn was unable to hold it in any longer. She sprawled on the dining table and wept. 
It was awkward and tragic. 
Joan had lost her appetite. She wiped her hands and gazed at Abelyn pouring her emotions out. 
Joan understood that when faced with relationship trouble, nothing felt better than to have a good cry over it. 
At long last, Abelyn raised her head and wiped her tears. She looked a real mess. 
“I’m awfully sorry to have caused a scene and interrupted our dinner together,” she choked as she smoothed her hair and wiped her face. 
“Nonsense. Here, have some water.” 
Joan poured her a glass. 
“What good will that do? As soon as the water goes in, out it comes from her eyes again…” Dustin teased. 
The two women suddenly laughed.
“Dustin, when did you become so witty?” Abelyn patted him on the shoulder as she reached for a serviette. 
“What are you talking about? I’ve always been witty. Not only am I extraordinarily handsome, but I also excel in other areas as well…” Dustin smoothed back his hair and pointed his chin upwards with pride. 
“Joan, what did you say earlier? You wanted baked chicken wings, didn’t you? We’ll have some of those tomorrow.” Abelyn was in a much better mood. She was eating again. 
What? When did I say that I wanted baked chicken wings? Joan studied the girl in front of her with puzzlement. 
“Abelyn, can’t you give me some compliments?” Dustin shoved Abelyn playfully. 
Compliment him for what? His character? His abilities? 
Just forget it! 
“What qualities do you have that are worth praising? You’re just an ordinary being.”
###Chapter 2692
Chapter 2692 
The Intruder 
Abelyn glared at him and went back to her pizza. 
This was camaraderie at its finest. Dustin turned away to spare himself from looking at her. 
Soon, dinner had ended. The three of them cleaned up and lazed around on the couch in the living room. It was a peaceful and relaxed atmosphere. 
“Abelyn, what do you plan on doing?” Dustin asked with concern after a burp. 
What else could I do? Take it one step at a time, of course. I will definitely not get back together with my ex. 
“Abelyn, you’re really not going to…” Joan asked with a gulp from the side. 
“No way in hell.” Abelyn interrupted her. 
It appears that she really was hurt this time. 
Never mind, I’ll just accommodate her. 
A forced relationship will only lead to frustration and bitterness. 
“What would you do if he comes looking for you?” Dustin asked her seriously. 
“Don’t say that! I don’t want that to happen!” Abelyn aimed a kick at him. 
“Abelyn, please behave in a ladylike manner!” Dustin teased to incense her.
“Ladylike? When have you seen me acting like a lady? What a joke.” 
Joan failed to stifle her laughter. 
Little did they know that Dustin’s words really did come true. 
Abelyn’s ex-boyfriend arrived at Joan’s door the next day. 
“Abelyn! Get out here! Let’s talk things through!” came a voice followed by a series of ferocious hammering on the door. 
Abelyn was in a deep and peaceful slumber, completely oblivious to what was going on outside. 
Dustin had been awakened by the disturbance outside and groggily opened the door. 
“Ah!” 
Before Dustin got a good look at the man, he found himself being shoved to the ground. 
“You piece of sh*t, how dare you steal my woman!” 
Punch-punch… 
The punches on his face had fully awakened Dustin. 
“Who the hell are you?” Dustin yelled. 
“Who am I? Take a good look!” the man bellowed with another punch. 
Abelyn had been awakened by the commotion downstairs and got out of bed. 
“What’s all that racket! Do you know what time it is?” she shouted in frustration through bleary eyes.
“Abelyn! You two are… living together!” 
In a flash, Abelyn was completely awake. She widened her eyes with shock at the sight of the two men brawling downstairs. Her jaw hung open in horror. 
Sh*t, how did he find me? What’s he doing here? Abelyn sprinted downstairs to help Dustin up. She dusted his shirt with apology in her eyes 
“Are you alright? I’m sorry for putting you through this,” Abelyn apologized profusely. 
“Abelyn, you godd*mn have another man?” 
“Shut up, Brayden! Watch your filthy mouth. Get the hell out, I don’t want to see you!” Abelyn screamed while she pointed at the door. 
“You told me that you and he are just friends, but now you’re living together! Have you slept together?” 
“Brayden, you’re f*cking insane! You cheated on me first!” 
Abelyn lost it and let profanities fly. 
“Abelyn.” 
Suddenly, a familiar voice came from behind. 
“I’ve made some broth for the hangover. Here, have a taste…” Joan said as she emerged. 
At the sight of the three people frozen before her, she felt awkward. 
What is this? The atmosphere felt hostile. 
Who is this stranger? Joan glanced at Brayden at the side. She smiled in greeting.
“You two have had too much to drink last night. Here’s some broth for the hangover…” 
Joan placed the pot on the dining table. 
“Please leave. We won’t be contacting each other again.” At that, Abelyn turned away from Brayden and helped Dustin onto the couch.
###Chapter 2693
Chapter 2693 
Memory Loss 
“I won’t let this go, Abelyn!” 
Brayden stepped forward and pulled Abelyn into his arms. Abelyn struggled with all her might. She looked weary. 
Joan sensed Brayden’s hostility, In a flash, she stepped forward to attempt to talk some sense into Brayden. However, Brayden had lost all rationality in his rage. No words could appease him. 
“Sir, please calm down. We can talk things through. Do not act rashly!” Joan said with a hint of fear in her eyes. 
She was afraid that Abelyn would be hurt. 
“And who the hell are you? Mind your own d*mn business!” 
As Brayden turned to look behind him as he dragged Abelyn out of the door, Joan dashed forwards and bit down hard on his arm. At the same time, she wrenched Abelyn out of his loosened grasp. 
Thud! 
Joan had been shoved into the wall by Brayden. 
A trickle of blood flowed down from her temple. 
Abelyn panicked. 
“Joan!” Dustin cried.
Despite his bruises, he ran forward and lifted Joan up in his arms. A second later, he ran out the door carrying Joan. At the sight of their disappearing figures, Brayden was stunned. 
“You’d better pray that nothing happens to her. If she’s hurt, I’m not going to let you go!” 
Abelyn’s voice was so cold that it caused Brayden to shiver involuntarily. 
“Doctor, please help!” Dustin shouted as he barged his way through the hospital with Joan in his arms. 
“Sir, please wait outside,” the doctor said as he pushed him gently out of the ward. 
“Sir, let me tend to your injuries,” a young paramedic said gently as she ambled forwards. 
“That’s not necessary.” Dustin’s reply was prompt but stern. 
After depositing Joan in the doctor’s care, he bolted back to where he came from. 
“How is she?” 
Abelyn arrived, panting heavily. 
“What do you mean? It’s all because of you! Why did you have to let that ex-boyfriend of yours come over? Didn’t you hate him? Why is it so hard for you to have a clean break with him?” 
Dustin had a frightening look of rage on his face. 
Abelyn hung her head in guilt. 
That’s right, how did Brayden know where I was? And how did he get Dustin’s phone number? It was all very strange. 
“Is she alright?” Brayden asked apologetically as he arrived.
“Get lost!” Dustin snarled as he pointed toward the elevator nearby. 
The three of them fell silent. The atmosphere between them was thick with tension, which wasn’t helped by the stifling silence of the hospital around them. 
Finally, the doctor emerged. 
“How is she, doctor? Is she alright?” Dustin grasped at the doctor’s arm urgently. 
“She is not in any serious condition as of right now,” the doctor explained helplessly. “But you had better be prepared. She may experience some memory loss.” 
Dustin’s eyes dimmed. 
Even Brayden fell silent. 
Abelyn gazed at the limp figure on the hospital bed as tears flowed down her cheeks. 
Dustin entered the ward and stroked Joan’s hair gently. His eyes were full of tenderness. 
Joan, you must be strong! He grasped her small hands as he shuddered. 
“Dustin, I’m sorry,” Abelyn said as she stood next to him. 
What good would an apology do? Can it make things better? Dustin sneered and ignored Abelyn. 
“Get lost, both of you,” Dustin choked. “I don’t want to see any of you.” 
Abelyn understood that Dustin must be feeling awful. She complied and quietly exited the ward. 
“I will bear all of the cost for her treatment,” Brayden said confidently with a clap on his chest.
“Who the hell do you think you are? Brayden, you’ve not only hurt me, now you’ve hurt my friend…” 
Abelyn was furious. Brayden was at a loss for words.
###Chapter 2694
Chapter 2694 
Loss Of An Old Friend 
Brayden insisted that he didn’t do it intentionally. 
“Abelyn, let me explain. I really did not expect things to go the way they did today….” 
“What is there to explain? Your presence is a curse!” At that, Abelyn turned on her heels and marched away. 
Little did the pair know that Joan was already conscious. 
They were not aware that Dustin was in on the plan that Joan had put together at that very moment. 
“Why did you want to do that?” Dustin asked Joan in puzzlement back at the ward. 
“You’ll understand soon enough,” Joan replied mysteriously. 
I believe that my plan will work. 
It was still a mess back in the country. Larry and Della’s news were still making headlines. After a certain period, the public had already viewed them as a couple. 
“Larry, something’s come up, but I’m not sure if it’s my place to tell you.” Caspian looked at Larry hesitatingly. 
“Speak. Stop beating around the bush,” Larry replied brusquely. 
Recently, Larry’s mood was close to breaking point. He looked cool, but in reality, he was on edge all the time.
His career had a downfall, as did his relationship. Some things were supposed to be within his control, but the obstacles kept compounding until they became overwhelming. 
“Mr. Lancaster from abroad had passed away,” Caspian mumbled as he looked down. 
What? 
Larry stood up hurriedly with a look of fear on his face. 
Mr. Lancaster had died? 
“Is this true?” Larry asked suspiciously. 
“Yes, I’m afraid so,” Caspian answered wearily. 
Larry unconsciously stepped back several paces as he felt the sky crashing down on him. 
“Larry, are you alright?” 
Caspian stepped forwards to support him but Larry pushed him away. 
“I’m fine. I need a moment.” Larry waved his hand. 
At the sight of Larry’s sorrow, Caspian felt pain in his heart and left Larry’s office. 
“How was it? Did he take it well?” Jessica asked urgently with a nudge on Caspian’s arm. 
“By the looks of it, not so much.” Caspian shook his head with a sigh. 
How could he be well? Malcolm Lancaster was like a brother to Larry and was considered his final lifeline. But now that he had passed away, Larry must be feeling awful.
Larry walked up to the window and lit a cigarette. He squinted at the view outside with a nervous feeling. 
Is all of this destined? He felt lost. 
Thump! 
Della threw open his office door, looking pleased with herself. 
“Larry, what’s up with you?” 
“What’re you doing here?” Larry asked without turning around. His attention remained on the cigarette in his hand. 
“Why are you smoking?” Della asked as she approached him. 
“I’m not going to marry you,” Larry said coldly. 
Della was taken aback but regained her composure. 
It was easy said than done. Not unless he didn’t want his company anymore! Della placed her right arm on his shoulder and attempted to press herself against him. 
“You will marry me. How else are you going to save Norton Corporation?” Della breathed in his ear. 
Larry turned and faced her with an expression of cold fury. 
“Why are you doing this? Is this fun for you?” Larry gazed at her uncomprehendingly. 
Little did he know that Della and Jake had joined forces to take him down. 
“Because I love you. And that is a good enough reason.”
Della’s reply was so firm and determined that Larry had no words to refute her. 
“Please leave. I’m very tired and would like to rest.” Larry turned around and strode to the couch.
###Chapter 2695
Chapter 2695 
Introspection 
Della knew that Larry had been exhausted recently. She did not attempt to stop him. 
“Think long and hard about our marriage. I hope to receive a favorable response from you.” 
At that, Della strode out of Larry’s office. 
A favorable response? Larry chuckled at the thought of that. Soon after, he fell asleep on the couch. 
Della exited Norton Corporation but did not head home. Instead, she made her way over to M Group. 
At that moment, Jake was sitting in his office awaiting Della’s return. 
Soon after, they met, each appearing very excited. 
“How was it? Are you satisfied?” 
Jake stood up as Della emerged to place his right arm on her shoulder playfully. 
“Very satisfied.” Della batted her eyelashes at him. 
“It’s a pity. If you’re not into Larry, I would pursue you!” Jake heaved a sigh and put on a regretful look. 
“Yeah, right! You’ve always liked Joan!” Della reminded him. 
No, he didn’t. He loved Faye, and he hated Joan. Jake clenched his fists as his eyes gleamed menacingly. 
That b*tch had suddenly disappeared! Even Larry didn’t know where she is!
“That’s right. Do you know where Joan currently is?” Jake asked as he cleared his throat in anticipation. 
“No idea.” Della shook her head. 
She had never bothered herself about Joan. 
“Why? Are you looking for her?” Della eyed Jake curiously. 
“Of course.” 
Jake sat down on the couch with a nonchalant look on his face. 
“You can send people to look for her,” Della suggested. 
But the problem was, where would I even begin looking? Jake felt uneasy in his heart. 
It has been a long time and he still couldn’t manage to locate her. He felt nervous and lost. 
Or perhaps there was more than hatred in his feelings towards Joan. 
“Jake, do you really hate Joan?” Della asked suspiciously. 
Jake was stunned. 
It was a thought-provoking question. 
Jake had always thought that he hated Joan’s guts. Now that she’s missing, he felt panicky. 
He couldn’t explain how he was feeling, so he dealt with it by suppressing his desire for Joan. 
It has to be hate! He could only hate Joan!
“What do you think?” Jake retorted coldly. 
He had told Della once before about him, Faye, and Joan. But he had exaggerated some elements in his story, leading Della to believe his love-turned-hatred tale. 
Human behavior was difficult to predict because it was overly fragile. 
“It looks to me that you do not hate her. What you’re feeling is love, and not hate. You missed her,” Della said frankly. 
“Shut up!” Jake shouted, causing Della to jump in fright. 
“Leave me in peace.” 
Could it be that I had guessed correctly? Della studied the expression of the man before her, in an attempt to confirm her hypothesis. 
People were strange sometimes. One moment they could be enamored by a person, and the next, all they could feel towards them was pure hatred. 
But in the end, one could not lie to themselves. 
Love is always there, no matter how old time has become. 
Jake had finally confessed to himself that he could not forget about Joan. She was the one that he loved all this time. He came to that conclusion after mulling over it alone for a long time in his office. 
“Mr. Wilson, I found her,” Jake’s assistant said at once upon entering. 
“Where is she?” Jake spun around with a glint of hope in his eyes.
“Ms. Watts is abroad,” the assistant said. 
“Book me a ticket.” In a flash, Jake had decided what he wanted to do. 
He was going to track her down and ask her to her face who will she choose.
###Chapter 2696
Chapter 2696 
Joan Steals The Show 
Her answer would undoubtedly be Larry, but that was what she said before. 
Jake was well prepared. He felt that the possibility of Joan choosing him was greater than ever. Unless she wanted Larry to go broke. 
Back at the ward, Joan lay on the hospital bed with a convincing look of pain on her face. 
“Ouch, it hurts! It really hurts! Please be gentle!” 
Her acting was first rate. 
Abelyn and Brayden felt guilty at the sight of her. Brayden hung his head low and did not dare meet Joan’s eyes. 
“Joan, how are you feeling now? Do you want me to summon the doctor?” Abelyn asked in concern, looking conflicted. 
“No need, I’m fine now.” Joan waved her hand and answered feebly. 
“It’s Brayden, is it?” Joan looked at him with a weak smile. 
Brayden looked up at once with guilt in his eyes. 
“Yes, that’s me. I’m really sorry…” 
Wow, he was capable of an apology! Abelyn turned to stare at Brayden in amazement. Is he really going to turn over a new leaf? Or is he putting on a show of remorse? Abelyn doubted.
“Brayden, you are a man! You must be responsible for your actions and be willing to let go when the time is right. Abelyn is a great girl, and she deserves a man who truly loves her…” 
Joan exaggerated her speech on purpose. 
“I know. I used to be an *sshole and did not treasure Abelyn. But I regret that now. I can’t live without her…” 
That’s utter nonsense! Abelyn rolled her eyes at Brayden but said nothing. 
“You need to respect Abelyn’s wishes,” Joan said before she was interrupted by a coughing fit. 
It goes without saying that a man should respect women! 
I know that now. I will respect Abelyn’s decision.” Brayden gulped and mopped the sweat on his brow. 
“Abelyn, I’ve thought it through. I was immature back then to have hurt you and your friend. I take responsibility for my actions and I hope you can forgive me. If you really do not wish to see me again, I will respect your choice and wish you well…” 
Brayden’s speech was so sincere that even Joan was moved. 
Dustin felt touched too by the scene before him. He had thought that Brayden was not going to give up on Abelyn easily. But it seemed like Brayden was finally willing to let go. 
Of course, the credit should go to Joan. 
“Ms. Watts, I’m sorry for being so reckless…” 
Perhaps he sensed that Abelyn was not going to change her mind this time, or perhaps it was due to Joan’s injury that Brayden had already bought a ticket to return to the country.
Abelyn gazed at the sky through the window and felt a wave of melancholy. She did not know why she felt hurt. Perhaps it was due to the strange and trying circumstances of her life. 
“Alright, it’s fine now. All of this will pass,” Joan said urgently. 
All of what was experienced will be a part of history over the passage of time. 
The pain, sorrow, and confusion that one faced would seem like a joke in the future. 
At the sight of Abelyn’s sadness, Joan hurriedly revealed the truth about her false injury. 
“Joan, you’re horrible! You even managed to dupe me,” Abelyn laughed as she smacked Joan on the shoulder forcefully. 
“You know now, don’t you? See, Brayden is gone. Nobody will bother you now.” 
Joan glanced at Abelyn helplessly. It was clear that Abelyn still loved Brayden but was suppressing her true emotions. 
Or maybe Abelyn was really hurt? Joan looked away and spared no further thought on the matter.
###Chapter 2697
Chapter 2697 
Moving On 
“By the way, I’m discharging this afternoon. Let’s get together for a drink after that,” Joan said to Abelyn as she gave her a wink, with a look that was full of anticipation. 
“Sure, that sounds great!” The two women gave each other a high five and were very excited. 
“It’s not a good idea to be drinking right after you are discharged. What if it aggravates your condition?” Dustin said with concern as he entered the room. 
However, he knew that the two women would not pay any attention to his words. As such, he could only try his best to take care of them. 
Dustin had been trying all means to make Joan his. But he found it strange that he had suddenly lost the feeling of urgency to do that. 
“Has he really left?” Dustin asked Abelyn, feeling very worried. 
“Brayden said that he won’t look for me again,” Abelyn replied but was unable to hide the disappointment in her eyes. 
Perhaps, that was for the best! 
A man who was disloyal for no apparent reason did not deserve to be forgiven. Abelyn knew Brayden’s character very well. He was one of those men with extremely bad self-control. If it happened once, it would definitely happen the second time. To prevent herself from suffering further, it was probably wiser to make a clear cut as soon as possible so that both parties could properly move on.
“Has Brayden thought it through?” Dustin asked suspiciously. 
“Who cares? The point is he will never look for me again,” Abelyn replied as she ran forward and happily linked arms with Joan. 
The corners of Dustin’s lips curled up into a contented smile as he gazed at the figures of the two women in front. 
It seemed like some only needed an instant for enemies to turn friends. It also seemed like some only took a moment for lovers to become strangers. 
Well, life was unpredictable and full of surprises! 
“Wait for me!” Dustin immediately ran towards them. 
“We’re going to the supermarket. Do you want to come along?” Abelyn shouted from in front excitedly. 
“I’ll come and help to carry your loots while you girls shop! Isn’t that the role of a man?” Dustin replied while beaming cheerfully as he caught up with the two women. 
“Dustin, you should get yourself a girlfriend soon! What are you waiting for?” 
The air became still in an instant. 
Why does she have to rub it my face? 
Dustin took a side-glance at Abelyn and walked straight into the supermarket. 
Joan, who was beside, looked at Abelyn with an awkward expression and walked slowly into the supermarket too.
“Joan, I want to eat this. And this too!” Abelyn requested as she pointed at the seafood excitedly. She had been smiling ever since they entered the supermarket. 
“Abelyn, aren’t you trying to lose weight?” Dustin walked over and reminded her. 
“Why would I do that? I don’t have a boyfriend anyway,” Abelyn replied placidly. 
It seemed like Abelyn had indeed moved on. Joan looked at the woman in front of her thoughtfully and a glint of relief flashed across her eyes. 
Women did not need men anyway. Besides, a quality woman like Abelyn would definitely have tons of quality men going after her. 
“You shouldn’t eat that. I think you’ve really put on some weight recently,” Dustin mumbled in a concerned tone at the side. 
“Hey, Dustin, does what I want to eat got anything to do with you…?” Abelyn glared at Dustin’s back as she grumbled. 
It was a comical scene to behold as the two bickered with each other. 
Actually, they are quite compatible with each other. That thought occurred to Joan suddenly as she fell into a daze observing the interactions between Dustin and Abelyn. 
“Hey, Joan! Come over. Who do you support?” 
“Joan, you better think carefully before you answer. Don’t forget who your benefactor is,” Dustin threatened with a serious look on his face. 
“Um… Actually, this sliced meat looks pretty appetizing,” Joan merely said as she walked away, pretending that she was never brought into their argument.
As such, Dustin and Abelyn started bickering all over again. Joan couldn’t help but laugh as she watched them. 
Suddenly, Joan’s phone rang. She took out her phone from her bag and answered the call without looking at who the caller was.
###Chapter 2698
Chapter 2698 
Heartbreak 
“Joan?” 
It was Della’s voice coming from the other end of the phone. 
Why would she call me? Joan wondered as a feeling of uneasiness rose inside her. 
“What’s the matter?” She asked without beating around the bush. 
“I want to invite you to my wedding. I hope that you can be my bridesmaid,” Della replied casually, but Joan was momentarily stunned as a barrage of questions ran through her mind. 
She’s getting married? Who is she getting married to? Where will her wedding be held? When is she getting married? 
“Sorry, I’m quite busy recently. I don’t think I’ll be able to attend your wedding,” Joan rejected straight away after she snapped out of her shock. 
No matter who Della was marrying, Joan did not feel that they were close enough for her to attend the woman’s wedding. 
At best, they were just acquaintances. Besides, Joan did not have the intention to strengthen their friendship any further. She was not magnanimous enough to become good friends with her love rival. 
“That’s such a pity. Larry has specially asked me to invite you to our wedding,” Della replied in a strange tone, sounding disdainful. 
Larry? Is she marrying Larry? At that instant, tears welled up in Joan’s eyes.
“Sorry, I gotta go,” Joan ended the call immediately after saying that. 
So, Larry has really chosen her! So, he has really abandoned me! Joan felt like a fool, waiting patiently for him to give her an explanation. 
Feelings of grievance welled up in her heart at once and all she could think of at that moment was Larry’s face. 
“Joan, hurry up!” 
A loud and crisp voice sounded behind Joan, calling out for her. However, Joan did not seem to have heard it. 
“Joan?” Abelyn called out again, testing waters. 
However, Joan still did not seem to have any reaction. 
What’s wrong with her? Why does she look so distracted? Abelyn put down the items she was carrying and approached Joan slowly. 
When she reached Joan, she realized that the woman was crying. 
“Let’s go back now!” Abelyn took the items away from Joan’s hands and put them aside. Then, the two women left the supermarket together. 
Dustin continued browsing the displays in the supermarket for a while before he realized that his companions were already nowhere to be seen. 
“Hello, did you happen to see two very beautiful women… “ Dustin asked the cashier as he placed his purchases on the counter. 
“Oh, they left. They had left quite a while back… “ The cashier replied politely.
Huh? When did they leave? Why didn’t they inform me that they were leaving? Dustin wondered as he scratched the back of his head, feeling puzzled. 
On the way back, there was no conversation between the two women in the car. Even though the air was very still, the atmosphere was not awkward at all. Joan turned her face towards the window and gazed at the passing scenery. She wasn’t in the best of mood. Abelyn looked at her friend quietly feeling worried, but did not dare to ask her anything. 
Finally, the two women arrived back at Joan’s place and they entered the house together. 
“Was that because of Larry?” Abelyn asked with a frown and was looking angry. 
Joan did not reply. She merely sat down on the sofa and lowered her gaze. 
“Don’t worry. If Larry has really hurt you, I will not let him get away with it!” Abelyn declared furiously as she clenched her fists tightly. 
Abelyn hated men who hurt women most, regardless if it was physically or emotionally. 
“Tell me, is it Larry?” Abelyn squatted down and looked up at Joan, waiting for her answer. 
Joan finally spoke after a long while. 
“Abelyn, this is my private matter. I can settle it myself. Please don’t worry.” 
How is she going to settle it? Is she looking at a reconciliation? Or is she intending to break up with him? To Abelyn, it had to be one of those two options. 
She knew how much Joan loved Larry. As such, she did not want to see Joan giving up on herself because of her heartbreak. She knew very well how painful a breakup was and understood how it felt
to be betrayed. Naturally, she would not want Joan to experience everything that she had gone through. 
However, Joan had already experienced all of those.
###Chapter 2699
Chapter 2699 
More Than Meets The Eye 
“You girls are too much! How can you leave me alone at the supermarket? You could have at least informed me that you are going back first… “ Dustin mumbled as he opened the door and headed towards the kitchen. 
“Look! I’ve even gotten drinks for you girls!” 
The two women did not hear a single thing the man said as they looked at each other wordlessly in the living room. 
Feeling that something was off, Dustin immediately walked out of the kitchen. 
“What happened?” Dustin asked as he wiped his hands on his shirt and walked towards Joan. 
“Did you just cry?” 
Dustin took a look at Joan and glanced at Abelyn. 
“Abelyn, what did you do to her? Be honest, did you bully Joan?” Dustin interrogated Abelyn as he picked her up and threw her on the sofa. 
“Dustin! What on Earth was what? Why would I bully her? Larry was the one who bullied her!” Abelyn adjusted her clothes as she protested. 
Huh? How is that possible? It didn’t make sense to Dustin that Larry would hurt the woman as he was aware of how much he loved her. Dustin turned around and sat beside Joan, attempting to comfort her. 
“Joan, what happened? Tell me, I’ll stand up for you… “ Dustin said, looking anxious.
“He’s getting married,” Joan said calmly, with her lips trembling slightly. 
“Who are you talking about?” Dustin asked, feeling confused. 
“Dustin, are you stupid or what?” Abelyn scolded as she picked up a pillow from the sofa and threw it at Dustin. 
“Larry and Della are getting married,” Joan’s head hung low and said weakly. 
Dustin suddenly understood the situation. 
Wait, that doesn’t seem right. Why would Larry marry Della? The woman he loves is Joan! Dustin immediately straightened his back, feeling alert. 
“What’s going on?” Dustin asked cautiously as he turned to look at Abelyn, who was sitting next to him. 
Abelyn shrugged, expressing that she had no idea what happened as well. 
“Joan, did you quarrel with Larry? Is he just playing a bad joke on you… “ Dustin said as he tried to comfort the woman. 
“Della was the one who informed me about it. She called to invite me to their wedding and even asked me to be her bridesmaid,” Joan replied as she sniffed, trying to hold back her tears and looking very lost and dejected. 
“What?” Abelyn exclaimed as she bolted up from the sofa. 
“She asked you to be her bridesmaid? How shameless can that Della get? Not only did she snatch your man away, she even has the audacity to invite you to their wedding? She must be crazy!” Abelyn yelled furiously, with an expression that was filled with disgust.
“You’re not allowed to go! Joan, I am telling you, I’ll look down on you forever if you go!” Abelyn pointed at Joan and shouted sternly. 
There must be more than meets the eye. Dustin fell into deep thought as he clenched his fists and tilted his head. 
Joan had kept her head low, looking extremely dispirited. Tears continued streaming down her cheeks, landing on her dress. 
Dustin could feel his heart aching as he sensed the suffering of the woman in front of him. 
Previously, he had thought that he would be happy if Joan and Larry broke up, excited even. However, seeing how pained the woman he loved was after losing the man she loved, all he could feel was heartache and sympathy. 
So, that was how it felt to truly love someone. 
“Joan, don’t be too upset first. It doesn’t seem like a simple matter. Maybe it isn’t as bad as you think. We should investigate the matter thoroughly… “ Dustin tried his best to comfort the woman. 
After all, apart from trying to comfort her, there was nothing else he could do. 
Joan suddenly stood up and went back to her room silently. Laying on her bed, she gazed at the stars outside the window, feeling extremely disappointed. 
She did not understand why Larry would marry Della. She also did not understand why he would break his promise of protecting her forever. 
Was that just a lie? Do all men really just think with the part below their belts?
The more Joan thought about it, the more absurd she felt. She had loved Larry for so long, but he had merely treated her as a tool! Even though she wasn’t by his side anymore, he could still look for other tools to fulfill his needs.
###Chapter 2700
Chapter 2700 
Solution 
Forget it, he can do whatever he likes! 
Joan slowly drifted off to sleep eventually. 
Meanwhile, at the Norton Corporation, Caspian was pacing around anxiously in Larry’s office. 
“Larry, you have to think of a solution quickly!” 
Is there really a solution? It was all planned! Larry sighed as he walked towards the sofa and lit up a cigarette. 
“The headlines on the newspapers are too eye-catching. It was reported that you’re marrying Ms. Duff. They even wrote that Ms. Duff has loved you all these while… “ Caspian remarked continuously, sounding obviously displeased. 
So what? Larry let out a cold snort. As long as he refused to cooperate, there was nothing Della and Jake could do. 
“Book me an air ticket. I need to leave the country,” Larry instructed placidly as he heaved a long puff. 
Why is he travelling out of the country? Is he running away? Caspian wondered as he was curious about what the man had in mind. 
That’s impossible! Larry isn’t so irresponsible! 
“I’m attending Mr. Lancaster’s funeral. I’ll take the chance to discuss business opportunities with his brother.”
Without replying, Caspian immediately walked out of the room to book an air ticket for Larry. 
After Malcolm passed away, the situation overseas had changed. As a result, the cooperation between the companies was also hanging on a thread. 
Larry had a cold expression and a desolate look on his face. He looked extremely worn out. 
Even though he felt helpless at times, he knew that he was unable to change the current situation. 
Within the country, Della and Jake had joined hands against him, while overseas, Malcolm had passed away. Moreover, Joan had left the country as well. All those factors added together had caused Larry to feel suffocated. 
The man wondered when he could stop fighting so hard. 
When he thought carefully about everything that happened in the past, there was nothing that he had achieved without fighting hard for it. 
Regardless if it was romance or career, even though he was tested time and again, he could not back down. 
“Larry!” Jessica suddenly barged into the office. 
“Joan already knows about it,” Jessica spoke hesitantly. 
Larry was momentarily stunned as he looked away for a second, before composing himself again. 
“Della was the one who called to inform her about it,” Jessica alerted Larry. 
Indeed, it’s that woman. 
“Larry, what’s your plan? I can help you.”
Larry was suddenly lost in thought as he looked at Jessica. He knew that perhaps, Jessica was the only person who could help him at the moment! 
“I’m going abroad for a while. Look after the company for me with Caspian. Just remember not to get into any trouble. This is a sensitive period for everyone in the Norton Corporation… “ Larry explained patiently. 
“Larry, why don’t I accompany you overseas?” Jessica suggested right away. 
“No need!” Larry rejected resolutely as he walked out of the office. 
Jessica looked around the room and sighed, as sorrow filled her heart. 
To her, Larry was family, and Norton Corporation was her home! Now that Larry was in trouble, she could not just sit around and do nothing! 
Soon, Larry got his air ticket and headed to the airport at once. 
The plane landed in less than four hours’ time. However, what was different from before was that no one was there to pick him up. As such, Larry hailed a cab himself to travel to Malcolm’s funeral. 
“Wow, who’s this?” Matthew exclaimed in disdain when he saw Larry. 
“Mr. Matthew, I’m here to see Mr. Lancaster off his last journey,” Larry explained as he entered the premises. 
“I’m sorry. Since you’re a foreigner, you are not allowed to come in,” Matthew said harshly as he stopped Larry from entering while having a contemptuous look on his face. 
Have things gone ugly so fast? How realistic! Larry looked at the man and retreated a few steps awkwardly.
However, Matthew was actually looking forward to seeing Larry. More accurately, he wanted to see Larry bowing down to him. 
He could never forget how Larry treated him previously and he was determined to return the “favor” tenfold! 
“I’m very touched that Mr. Norton had traveled all the way here to send my brother off. However, since my brother is no longer around, I’ll be taking over the company. As such, I will be gradually terminating our cooperation with Norton Corporation… “

###Chapter 2701
Chapter 2701 
Not Welcome Here 
Matthew said that decisively and did not seem to leave any room for further negotiation. 
Larry merely listened quietly at the side. Indeed, everything happened just as he expected. 
“Mr. Matthew, would you reconsider your decision?” Larry asked, still harboring a glimmer of hope. 
“What’s there to consider? There’s nothing for me to consider. My decision is final!” Matthew dismissed Larry’s question mercilessly with a wave of his hand. 
Has our society become that realistic? Perhaps, that is the way the world works now! 
Larry did not wish to continue the conversation anymore and turned around. 
That had been his worry all along. He just did not expect that it would happen so soon! 
Larry was drained of energy after the trip and he suddenly thought of quitting. He was simply too exhausted but he could not bear to give it all up. 
Norton Corporation was already facing a serious obstacle, hindering the company’s development. If Larry could not think of a solution fast enough, he knew that the company might go bankrupt! 
The man sat on the sofa in his office and gazed at the ceiling in a daze with a glint of resentment in his eyes. 
It had never occurred to him that such a fate would befall him!
“Larry, what else is there for you to consider?” Della asked in a threatening manner as she strode into Larry’s office. 
“I can guarantee that your company will get back on track if you marry me,” Della said confidently. 
Of course, Larry didn’t have a single doubt regarding what she said. However, he was not willing to give in to her and at the same time, let Joan down. 
“Just go. I don’t want to see you,” Larry answered weakly. 
His words infuriated Della. No longer able to control her anger, she yelled, “Larry, do you really want to cause the downfall of Norton Corporation?” 
The woman just could not understand why the man had turned her down time and again. What could be more important than the survival of his company? 
Love? As compared to self-interest and the reality of life, is love, that is just an illusion, really more important? 
“Larry, just a word of advice, you should come to your senses and recognize that nothing is more important than advancing your self-interest,” Della dusted her hands and walked to the window while waiting for Larry’s reply. 
“What about you? Are you only marrying me because of personal gain?” Larry asked curtly while he turned around and looked at the woman. 
No, it’s not because of personal gain that I fall for you! 
“Of course not, I truly love you!” Della immediately ran towards Larry and explained to him anxiously.
Is that how she loves someone? Continuously devising means to sabotage me and put me in difficult situations. Is this love? That’s pathetic! 
“I’m afraid your love is out of my league. I don’t think I can afford it,” Larry replied and got up, intending to leave his office. 
“Larry!” Della suddenly yelled from behind him. 
“Are you really prepared to give up your company?” Della sized the man up with a serious expression, as she was just unable to figure out what he was thinking. 
“That’s none of your business.” 
After hearing Larry’s reply, Della’s heart sank. 
She suddenly realized that all along, Larry had only seen her as a business partner and nothing more. 
“Ms. Duff!” Caspian shouted as he suddenly barged into the office. 
“You may leave now. You’re not welcome at Norton Corporation,” Caspian said, without caring to be polite. 
In the past, Caspian used to have a lot of respect for that woman. However, all that was left was disgust. 
Even if she managed to get Larry to marry her using unscrupulous methods, there was no doubt that they would not be happy. However, Della was still insistent on doing that, just like a moth drawn to a flame. 
“Caspian, you… “ Della was at a loss for words as she looked at the man in front of her.
“I work for the Norton Corporation, naturally, I’ll be on Larry’s side,” Caspian added. 
Caspian would not hesitate to fall out with anyone if it concerned Larry’s interests. He was very certain of that. 
“Why are you still standing there, Ms. Duff? Are you expecting me to carry you out?” Caspian raised his voice as he said that. 
As if feeling threatened by Caspian’s intimidating vibe, Della took a few steps back subconsciously and had a fearful expression on her face. 
“Ms. Duff!” Just when Della turned around and was about to leave Larry’s office, Caspian suddenly called out to her.
###Chapter 2702
Chapter 2702 
Acquisition 
“The Norton Corporation no longer has any business dealings with you. So, you should have some self-respect and stop coming here. Otherwise, don’t blame us for being rude.” 
Upon hearing that, Della quickened her steps and left the room. 
“Larry, are you alright?” Caspian immediately rushed towards Larry after the woman walked out and asked nervously. 
“I’m fine. Don’t worry,” Larry replied with a hint of sorrow in his voice. 
Caspian lowered his gaze and kept quiet as he noticed the fatigued expression on Larry’s face. He felt helpless that there was nothing he could do to help Larry. 
“Larry, is there anything you need me to do?” Caspian asked softly. 
Even Larry himself had no idea how long more the company could sustain and if there was any future for the company. 
“Mr. Norton!” Larry’s assistant greeted him in a fluster as she entered his office. 
“What’s the matter?” Larry replied dejectedly without even looking up at her. 
“Umm… Someone is interested in acquiring our company,” the assistant shuddered in fear as she took a few steps back. 
“F*ck! Who was that?” Caspian swore as he banged his fist into the wall beside him. At once, blood could be seen seeping out from between his fingers.
“Mr. Norton, what should we do? All the manufacturers have already ceased cooperation with us. No one dares to have any business dealings with us… “ 
The assistant remained in a state of panic as she spoke while Caspian was in a daze. 
Larry cut a lonesome figure as he got up and walked towards his desk. What else can I do? Do I really have to marry Della? 
No way! That’s out of the question… Larry shook his head vigorously as he cleared his thoughts and tried to focus. 
“Why don’t the both of you leave first? I need some time alone.” 
After dismissing his two employees with a wave, the man closed his eyes. 
Should I sell the company? But what will happen to all my staff if I do that? Larry was suddenly filled with guilt as he gazed at the employees who were still working hard outside his office. 
Suddenly, his phone rang. 
Without even looking at the caller ID, Larry accepted the call and put it on speaker mode. 
“Larry, do you still consider yourself a man? Why are you marrying another woman when you still love Joan? Where did your conscience go… “ Dustin started scolding Larry the moment the call went through. 
“Dustin, please watch your words!” Larry replied, feeling somewhat provoked by his words. 
“Did I say anything wrongly? Larry, seriously, what do you think you are doing? Marriage is a serious affair… “ 
It was Abelyn who spoke this time round.
She did not use any vulgarities and was rather civil even though she was scolding Larry. 
“Why are you not replying? Did you become mute? You don’t even dare to admit your own doings? That’s strange… “ 
“Stop it!” 
Suddenly, Larry heard a familiar female voice over the line. It was Joan’s voice, which he had not heard in a long while. 
Larry gulped. He wanted to say something but did not know what to say. 
“OK, that’s enough. Please hang up now,” Joan said calmly. 
“Hang up? No way! How can we let that rascal off so easily…” 
Listening to the conversation over at the other end of the phone, Larry couldn’t help but smile to himself. 
Since Abelyn and Joan were getting along peacefully, it meant that the conflict between them had already been resolved. 
“Don’t be scared. You have me. I will uphold justice for you!” Abelyn patted her chest and proclaimed confidently. 
“OK, enough. Let’s not stir up any more trouble.” Joan snatched Abelyn’s phone away from her as she replied and ended the call. 
Beep… Beep… Beep… Larry only snapped out of his daze when he realized that the call had already ended.
“Joan, why did you do that? We should at least find out his reasons for doing that!” Abelyn grumbled. 
“What is there to find out? Della is an outstanding lady. As compared to me, she’s more compatible with Larry,” Joan said dejectedly as her eyes dulled. 
“Why does that matter? Everyone knows that you and Larry love each other! Della is just a shameless third party who is trying to ruin your relationship. Joan, I’m begging you, can you pull yourself together? Larry doesn’t have any feelings for Della at all!”
###Chapter 2703
Chapter 2703 
Acceptance 
Abelyn stood in front of Joan and looked at her with a determined and sincere gaze, as if encouraging her not to give up on Larry. 
As compared to Abelyn, Joan was relatively more rational. 
Previously, Caspian had already filled her in on some of the issues which Norton Corporation was facing. As such, she did not find it surprising that Larry would choose to marry Della for the future of the company. 
“From now onward, please don’t mention Larry or Della in front of me,” Joan said and walked out of the house. 
What does that mean? Has she really given up on Larry? Seriously? Abelyn stared at Joan dubiously as the woman walked away, feeling perplexed. 
“Joan, I hope you won’t regret your decision!” Abelyn shouted after her friend worriedly. She also wanted to remind Joan once more to reconsider her decision carefully. 
Larry needed a partner who could help him with his career, and Joan believed that Della was that woman for him. 
Joan used to think that Larry had fallen in love with someone else. However, she understood everything after knowing of the difficulties Norton Corporation was facing. 
Perhaps, it was really time for her to let go.
Joan gazed upwards at the sky silently in an attempt to force her tears back into her eyes. 
“What do you think Joan is thinking?” Back in the living room, Abelyn asked Dustin, still feeling confused. 
“No idea,” Dustin replied calmly. 
Strange, why does he not seem worried at all? Abelyn wondered as she stared at the man. 
“Aren’t you going out to look for her?” Abelyn asked softly while nudging Dustin’s arm 
“Let her take some time alone to think,” Dustin replied. After saying that, he stood up and left. 
Why are the two of them acting as if nothing happened? What’s going on? Why am I the only one worrying here? 
“You should stop worrying as well. Joan knows what she’s doing.” Dustin’s voice sounded behind Abelyn. 
Fine then, I’ll just let her be! Abelyn shook her head helplessly. 
Joan had already accepted the fact that Della and Larry were getting married. She did not intend to stop it from happening, nor was she going to fight for Larry. Of course, she wouldn’t create any trouble for them as well. The woman just wanted to live her life peacefully and be happy, hoping that one day, all her worries would be gone. 
No one knew if Larry would really end up marrying Della. No one also knew if the problems Norton Corporation faced would suddenly be resolved. That was life, always full of uncertainties. However, whatever outcome it might be, Joan was already mentally prepared to face it.
But what Joan did not know was that Larry would never accept Della, despite the fact that marrying her would indeed give a strong boost to his career. 
Larry closed his eyes and rested on the sofa in his office. He wore an apathetic expression as if none of what was going on concerned him. Jessica, who had entered his office, looked at the man and felt perplexed. 
“Larry, why do you look so relaxed?” Jessica walked towards Larry and asked with a confused expression. 
Larry continued laying on the sofa and merely made a sound to acknowledge her presence. 
“What’s the matter? Why are you here?” Larry turned to face Jessica and asked seriously. 
“I’m just popping by to check on you,” Jessica replied with an awkward smile. She wasn’t sure if she should talk to Larry about Joan. 
“How is Joan doing?” Larry suddenly asked randomly. 
What a timely question! Jessica could not believe her ears as she fixed her gaze on Larry. 
“She’s doing pretty well. It’s just that… “ The woman replied hesitantly. 
“Just that… ? What was it you wanted to say?” Larry’s guard went up immediately. 
“It’s just that she was very upset at first, but it seems like she has already come to an acceptance,” Jessica replied softly, feeling a little helpless. 
The media had been reporting the news of Norton Corporation and Della every day lately. It was not possible that Joan was still kept in the dark.
Larry rubbed his hands nervously as he listened to Jessica. 
“She has even given her blessings to you and Della,” Jessica continued cautiously. 
Larry was stunned at once when he heard that. 
Did Joan really say that? Did she really believe those untrue reports in the newspapers? A hint of displeasure flashed across Larry’s face.
###Chapter 2704
Chapter 2704 
Fashion Industry 
“Is she doing well lately?” Larry asked with a glint of sadness in his eyes. 
“Larry, why don’t you go and see her and find out for yourself?” Jessica replied while taking a glance at Larry, before sitting down on the sofa. 
Go and see her? How can I still bring myself to face her? Larry turned around so that Jessica would not notice his sorrowful expression. 
“By the way, what’s your current plan for Norton Corporation? What are you thinking of? If the current business model is not working, why don’t you reinvent the business?” 
Jessica’s words inspired Larry at once. 
His eyes brightened up and seemed to have thought of something. 
“Jessica, are you interested in working on something with me?” 
Larry’s voice was filled with anticipation and excitement. 
What could he be thinking of? Jessica studied the man in front of her and seemed to be waiting for him to elaborate on his plan. 
“Norton Corporation is already going downhill. Besides, Jake has already convinced all our previous manufacturing partners not to work with us. As such, it would no longer be feasible for us to continue operating under the current business model. Therefore, I plan to reinvent the business!” 
Jessica would never expect that the impetus for Larry’s decision would be her casual remark.
“No problem, Larry. I will support you no matter what you decide to do!” 
Larry was very touched by Jessica’s reply. 
He knew that those who remained by his side during such trying times were definitely his true friends. 
In fact, other than Jessica, there was no one else in the business area whom he could seek help from. 
“But Larry, what new business model are you thinking of?” Jessica blinked her eyes in curiosity and waited eagerly for Larry’s reply. 
“I’m thinking of going into the fashion industry!” 
Jessica was stunned at the man’s answer. 
She knew that even though the fashion industry was a popular industry that was extremely profitable if things were done right, it was also easy to make huge losses if things went south. 
“Have you really decided to do that?” 
“I’ve decided!” 
However, Jessica wasn’t able to understand why Larry wanted to go into the fashion industry. 
“Larry, I heard that Jake intends to acquire Norton Corporation… “ Jessica said hesitantly. 
“That is not happening!” Larry replied in a determined tone and walked out of his office. 
He needed to start making preparations. 
He did not inform the other directors of the company about his plan to reinvent the business.
Larry secretly got in touch with people in his personal network and gathered a group of fashion designers who were currently active in the industry. 
“Why would Mr. Norton gather all of us here today? What’s the occasion?” A young female designer asked jokingly. 
“Yeah, Mr. Norton, we haven’t seen much of you since graduation… “ 
The group of designers took turns to tease Larry and joked around with each other. All of them did not seem to feel awkward around each other at all. 
As they were all Larry’s close friends in college, they felt very much at ease in the presence of one another. 
“I am thinking of opening up a fashion company,” Larry said calmly after taking a sip of tea. 
Instantly, an awkward silence filled the atmosphere. 
No one would have thought that the aloof and haughty president of the Norton Corporation would want to open a fashion company. 
“Mr. Norton, is this a joke?” 
“Why would you suddenly change fields when you are doing so well?” 
It turned out that none of Larry’s friends was aware of Norton Corporation’s current situation. 
“The fashion industry is now a rising industry and has huge potential. Besides, traditional industries are being phased out gradually with changing times… “ Larry explained to his friends patiently.
“Well, Mr. Norton, we don’t understand any of that business language you’re talking about. Why don’t you just tell us your purpose of inviting us here today?” One of the designers stood up and interrupted Larry. 
Everyone was equal at that gathering. Naturally, those who were present wouldn’t bother with the usual formalities in the business world. Of course, some things were only meant as a joke. 
“Cool! I shan’t beat around the bush then. I need help from you guys.” 
Everyone froze in their spots when they heard that and exchanged incredulous looks. They couldn’t help but feel anxious.
###Chapter 2705
Chapter 2705 
It Is Beyond My Control 
“Larry needs our help? The Larry?” 
“I know right? How is that possible?” 
People gossiped among themselves and looked at each other in disbelief. 
“I believe all of you wouldn’t want to stay in a small company forever, and I’m sure you wouldn’t want to be under the tutelage of that mentor, who’s nowhere near as good as he’s made out to be,” Larry continued to convince the designers, “If you’re willing to join me, I can provide you the best platform…” 
He was never afraid of rejection because he knew these designers were ambitious men with big dreams. 
“I’m in!” suddenly, a designer stood up and exclaimed. 
“Count me in!” Another one responded. 
Soon, all the designers had unanimously agreed to work for Larry. 
“But I want to remind all of you to keep this secret.” A hard glint flashed across Larry’s eyes. “I don’t want people to know that I’m venturing into the fashion industry, so I hope all of you will not tell anyone about it.” 
All the designers understood his concern and agreed to keep it a secret. 
With that, Larry’s partnership with these designers began.
Larry continued his work at the Norton Corporation during the day and focused on his fashion company at night. 
As days went by, Della wondered what Larry was busy with. She decided to visit the Norton Corporation to check on him. Coincidentally, Caspian was not around. 
Meanwhile, Larry was lying on the couch in his office while staring out of the window. 
Della observed him from a distance and heaved a sigh of relief. She believed Larry had yet to figure out a solution to the problem. 
“Larry.” Della knocked on the door and came in. 
“Yes?” Larry kept his eyes shut. He did not feel like entertaining this woman. 
How can he be so calm? The Norton Corporation is on the verge of bankruptcy, yet he still has time to take a nap? Della sat beside him and stared at his face. 
What a handsome man! But too bad… 
“If there’s nothing you want to say, please leave.” 
He’s doing this to me again. Why can’t he be a little more affable! 
“What’s your plan?” Della asked without hesitation. 
“It’s none of your business,” he answered nonchalantly. 
Della squinted and wondered. “Have you found your business partners?” 
“I repeat— It’s none of your business.” Larry turned around and gave her the cold shoulder.
“Get up now! Quick!” Della whacked his back and shouted. 
“What the hell are you doing?” What she did had finally gotten on Larry’s nerves. 
What’s wrong with her? She has nothing better to do, hasn’t she? What a ridiculous woman! Larry knitted his brows and shot daggers at her. 
“Do you really hate me so much?” she asked. 
“I didn’t hate you in the past,” Larry answered indirectly. 
He hates me now. He hates me. Men are so capricious! 
“Jake wants to acquire the Norton Corporation,” Della warned. 
“I know.” Larry kept his reply short. 
In fact, Larry had started acquiring the shares of the board of directors. He believed he would eventually become the sole proprietor of the entire Norton Corporation. 
He was certain that those directors would want to get rid of their shares since Norton Corporation was now in a crisis. Before Jake could take advantage of it, he had to acquire as many shares as possible. 
“Are you not worried that the Norton Corporation would fall into Jake’s hands?” Della looked worried. 
“That’s beyond my control.” Larry shook his head and sighed on purpose. 
He wanted Della to think he was at his wits’ end. 
Upon seeing his expression, Della could not help but feel sorry for him. She was not sure if she had done the right thing, but she really wanted Larry to be with her.
###Chapter 2706
Chapter 2706 
Leaving The Country 
What on earth does he plan to do? Is he going to give up on Norton Corporation? Della stood up gradually and left the office. 
Once Della had left, Larry stood up immediately, walked to his desk, and continued working. 
“Larry!” Caspian panted as he ran into his office. 
“What’s wrong?” Larry tilted his head and looked at him. 
“Della fainted.” Caspian pointed at the woman who was lying in the corridor. 
What card is she playing again? Larry ran out of his office and called the emergency number. 
“How did she faint?” Larry looked at Caspian and asked. 
“I’m not sure. She was already on the ground when I arrived,” Caspian explained. 
Did she really faint for real? 
The two men then rushed her to the hospital. 
Della, who was now lying on the bed in the ward, looked utterly pale and wretched. 
“Larry…” she called weakly. 
“How are you feeling?” Larry stepped forth and asked. 
“I’m fine.”
Della turned her face aside and tried to control her tears. She hated Larry’s indifferent attitude toward her, yet at the same time, she was obsessed with him. 
“According to the doctor, you’re a little weak…” Larry explained what the doctor told him in detail, but Della paid no attention to a single word he said. 
“I’m sorry, Larry,” all of a sudden, she apologized. 
Larry was struck dumb. 
What is that apology for? Is she really sorry for the things she has done? Larry gave her a confused look and wondered what else she would say. 
I’d be more than willing to forgive her if she truly regretted her actions! Larry kept mum and waited for her response. 
“Perhaps what I did was all wrong.” Della looked absolutely dejected. 
Della was not evil by nature, but her desire to win Larry’s heart had pushed her to do unimaginable things. When she realized Larry began to treat her differently and did not rely on her anymore, she felt frustrated and ashamed. It was all her own doing. 
“Let’s not talk about that anymore. You take good care of yourself.” Larry was ready to let bygones be bygones. 
But there’s no way for us to go back to the way we used to be. With all the things she had done, Things would never be the same again. 
“Do you hate me?” Della’s voice was tinged with guilt. 
“No.” Larry walked to the window, raised his head, and squinted at the light tower.
He did not hate Della, but he was disappointed in her. 
He used to trust her as his business partner, but she had betrayed him repeatedly and tried to destroy everything he had poured his heart and soul into. Larry had no clue why Della apologized at this point, but if she was truly remorseful for the things she had done, he was willing to accept her apology. 
“I’m very disappointed with your actions,” Larry said. 
Della lowered her head, as hearing that made her feel even more frustrated. 
Suddenly, a hard glint flashed across her eyes. Joan Watts, it’s all your fault! If it weren’t for her, Larry wouldn’t have hated me so deeply! 
“I’ll be leaving the country soon,” Della said in a calm voice. 
Larry turned around and gave her a confused look. 
Hasn’t she shifted her business back to the country? Why is she going away? 
“You don’t need me anyway, right?” Della tilted her head, looked at Larry, and asked. 
Indeed, at this point, Larry was capable enough to survive on his own. 
“I want to take a break,” Della explained, “I’m sure you’d be glad that I won’t be pestering you anymore.” 
I guess a break will do her good.
###Chapter 2707
Chapter 2707 
When Are You Leaving 
“It’ll be great for you to organize your thoughts.” Larry turned around and walked slowly to the couch. 
On the other hand, he was pleased that she would not stir up any trouble for him anymore, but on the other hand, he was upset to see how their relationship had gone sour. 
Della had not only betrayed him in business but also in their relationship. No matter what, from now on, Larry wanted to stay away from her. 
“Larry,” Caspian came in and greeted. 
Larry took a glance at the woman on the bed before looking at Caspian. He then walked out of the ward. 
“Anything?” Larry looked worried. 
Caspian took a deep breath, and his lips curled into a smile. 
“Based on Jessica’s research, she found out that the fashion industry is a lucrative business,” Caspian continued explaining in detail, “Data that she analyzed have also shown that…” 
“Great!” Larry rubbed his chin thoughtfully. 
Jessica is quite efficient after all! Larry was pleased. “How’s the arrangement with the designers?” 
“Jessica has made all the necessary arrangements.” Caspian thumped his chest confidently.
Della tried to eavesdrop on their conversation, but the noises along the corridor had drowned their voices. 
“I think we should beware of Ms. Duff,” Suddenly, Caspian warned, “ She has betrayed us before. She can still betray us in the future.” 
Caspian might be a brute, but he had learned to be observant after working with Larry for years. 
“I know.” Larry patted his shoulder and nodded. 
Larry then received a call from Jessica. 
He picked up and answered, “Yes?” 
“Are you free now? We need to discuss our next course of action!” Jessica sounded nervous. 
“Calm down, Jessica,” Larry said, “We have to take it slow.” 
Revamping a business required detailed planning and should not be rushed. Otherwise, it would cause more harm than good. 
They then ended the call after a short chat. 
“I’m gonna go now. See you later,” Caspian turned around and left the hospital. 
Larry took a deep breath, organized his thoughts, and returned to the ward. 
“Did something bad happen?” Della tested the waters with that question. 
“Nothing.” Larry gave her a brief answer. 
Upon seeing how calm he looked, Della decided not to pursue further.
“So, when do you plan on leaving?” Larry asked directly. He thought he should send her off. 
“Most probably the day after tomorrow, if everything goes well.” Della took a glance at him. She wanted him to know she was reluctant to leave. 
I hope nothing goes wrong and she’ll leave according to her plan! Larry sighed and looked dejected. 
“You must be happy that I’d be gone.” Della looked away. 
“I feel nothing,” Larry answered, “I’m used to saying goodbye.” 
Yeah, right. I bet you would have reacted differently if I’m Joan Watts! Annoyance was written all over Della’s face. 
“Is there anything I can do for you? Do let me know.” Larry shrugged and grinned. 
Della looked at him and responded with a smile and a head shake. Awkwardness filled the air all of a sudden. Della knew Larry did not wish to see her anymore. 
“How’s Joan? She’s still not back yet?” Della asked as if she did not know a thing about it. 
Larry nodded icily. At the same time, Della could tell he was overwhelmed by emotions. 
Did they have a fight? How is that possible? Della cast a doubtful eye at him, but at the same time, how she wished that was true.
###Chapter 2708
Chapter 2708 
I Have No Advice For You 
A few days later, Della left the country. 
“Is she really gone?” Caspian was surprised. 
“Yes.” Larry, who was in his office, heaved a sigh of relief. 
Caspian, too, was pleased to hear that. Now that Della was gone, Larry would not need to deal with her schemes anymore. 
But how do we know where did she go? 
Joan and Abelyn seemed to have let go of their past, but Dustin knew Joan was just putting up a tough front and hiding her emotions. 
“Joan!” Abelyn ran toward Joan while picking up the seashells by the beach. 
“Yes?” Joan turned around and gave her a puzzled look. 
“Did you really not care about that incident?” Abelyn asked cautiously. 
How could that be! How can I ever get over it? He’s the love of my life! Joan turned aside and avoided her question. 
“What incident?” Joan asked. 
Is she trying to play dumb? Abelyn gave her a sullen glare. She then ran up to her and asked, “Are you still upset?”
Of course I’m still upset! But what can I do? I can pull a long face and be despondent the whole day, but what’s the point? I can’t go back in time and change anything! 
“Look! Look at all these shells. Aren’t they gorgeous?” Joan tried diverting Abelyn’s attention. 
Abelyn responded with a sigh while looking at the woman who plastered a smile to her face. She could have confronted Larry and asked him for an explanation, but she chose to remain silent. What is wrong with her? 
“Enough with that fake smile, Joan. I know you’re upset,” Abelyn said while observing her facial expression. 
Perhaps Joan doesn’t want to be a party pooper. 
“Stop it, Abelyn. Can’t you just keep your mouth shut for a moment?” Dustin raised his voice. 
“Why are you yelling at me?” Abelyn shot daggers at him and pouted. 
Rude guy! 
Joan kept mum the whole time. She did not wish to continue with that conversation. 
“Hey!” All of a sudden, Joan raised her head and shouted. 
“Just leave me alone, please!” She looked at them and said in a serious tone. 
Both Dustin and Abelyn instantly zipped their mouths and walked away, leaving Joan sitting by the beach. 
The sky was all bright and shiny, yet Joan felt absolutely horrible.
Maybe it’s best if I let Larry go. Perhaps, Larry should be with Della so that they can live happily ever after. 
At this point, Joan did not know what to do. 
Not only Della was rich, but she was also influential. I’m sure she can be of great help to Larry and his business. 
“Joan?” 
Suddenly, a familiar voice emerged from behind. 
What is she doing here? Joan knitted her brows. Her presence made her feel uneasy. 
“What a surprise,” Della said and walked toward her. 
“How have you been?” Della asked with a smile on her face. 
How have I been? How do I even answer that question? Should I tell her how painful it was for me to be all alone? Joan let out a cold snort. She turned around and looked at the sea, ignoring Della’s question. 
“I believe you knew what has happened in the country. Right?” Della asked steadily. 
Joan instantly knew this woman came all the way to look for her because of Larry! 
Joan looked away and tried to regain her composure. She then asked icily, “Your point is?” 
“Oh, well. I just want to seek your advice,” Della responded casually as if she was not the home wrecker.
“I don’t have any advice for you,” Joan responded immediately, “I’ll support Larry in whatever he does.”
###Chapter 2709
Chapter 2709 
You Have To Do This 
The development of Norton Corporation was the main priority at the moment, and Della would still kick up a fuss even if Larry were to choose her. 
“I don’t just want you to support him. I want you to also give him a push!” Della shouted with a vicious look in her eyes. 
What does she mean by that? Joan looked at her in shock and confusion. 
“Larry may refuse to marry me right now, but I’m sure you know his company wouldn’t have survived without my help, so talk some sense into him!” 
That was when Joan realized what Della meant. 
She wants me to persuade Larry into marrying her? My goodness, this world sure is full of strange people… 
“Ms. Duff, I think you might have gotten the wrong idea here. While I do support all of Larry’s decisions, that doesn’t mean I agree with everything he does,” Joan replied firmly. 
I won’t to Larry marrying Della, but there’s no way I’d persuade him to do so! I do have a sense of pride, after all! 
“Joan, you should know how much your word matters to Larry right now! He will never marry another woman without your permission!” Della was so agitated that she started to sound incoherent. 
“That’s none of my business.” Joan turned around and began walking off after saying that.
I may be a nice person and all, but I have my limits too! 
“You have to do this, Joan!” Della’s voice was as cold as ice. 
Joan ignored her and carried on walking, only to have two men appear in front of her, blocking her path. 
Who are these guys? What are they going to do? Joan thought to herself as she began to panic. 
Della waved at the men from behind, and they began dragging Joan away while she kicked and screamed. 
“What are you doing? Let go of me!” 
Both Dustin and Abelyn had already gone home long ago, so there wasn’t anyone around to help her. 
“Della, you shameless b*tch!” Joan shouted at the top of her voice. 
What did she just call me? A shameless b*tch? Heh, I suppose she’s right! I mean, I wouldn’t be resorting to such means if I weren’t one! 
“There’s no point in screaming, so you might as well save your strength!” Della said with a sneer as she munched on her food. 
“What the hell are you planning on doing, Della? Let go of me!” 
“I’ll let you go if you call Larry and persuade him into marrying me. That, or you can spend the rest of your life here.” Della sounded calm yet threatening at the same time. 
She’s going this far for the sake of marrying a man? She really has lost her mind! I can’t believe I used to think she was a reasonable and civilized person… Heck, I even thought she had repented and
changed her ways! Looks like she’s nothing but a heartless monster! Joan thought to herself and clenched her teeth as she glared at Della. 
“What, you don’t want to do it? Fine, you can stay here until you feel like it, then!” 
“Wait!” Joan shouted all of a sudden. 
“Hmm? You’ve finally thought it through, huh?” Della turned around and asked disdainfully. 
“You’re doing this because Larry still has other ways of resolving the crisis that Norton Corporation is facing, aren’t you?” There was a hint of hope in Joan’s voice as she knew Larry wouldn’t have let go of Della if Norton Corporation was truly in such deep water. 
Della began to panic upon hearing that. 
These two sure know each other surprisingly well! Damn this woman… How on earth is she able to charm Larry to this extent? 
“If you don’t believe me, you can always just call up your people to check on things…” 
There was no sign of confidence in Della’s voice when she said that, but she refused to admit it in front of Joan. 
Oh? Is that so? She doesn’t sound all that convincing though… Joan stared suspiciously at Della. 
“Anyway, I’m done wasting my time talking to you. Think about it, and tell me when you’re ready. I suggest you make this decision wisely, Joan!” Della said and walked away.
###Chapter 2710
Chapter 2710 
The Crazy Old Man 
Damn it, looks like Joan is smarter than I thought! Della clenched her fists tightly in anger and frustration outside the door. 
Joan slumped against the sofa and tried to piece together the information that she had. Although I don’t know what exactly happened, I have a rough idea as to what Larry would do… Larry, I’m sure you have some other way of resolving the crisis with Norton Corporation, right? 
The look in her eyes grew dim as she stared at the moon outside the window. 
Meanwhile, Dustin and Abelyn were on the verge of breaking down from anxiety while searching for Joan. 
“Where could she have gone? How did she just disappear like that in such a short period of time?” Abelyn mumbled to herself. 
“There’s no one else on the beach…” Dustin said anxiously. 
“Joan’s been feeling pretty down lately, Dustin. Where do you think she might’ve gone? She wouldn’t commit suicide, would she?” Abelyn asked worriedly. 
“No, Joan isn’t the type who would do such a thing! She’s pretty strong-willed and never stays sad for long…” Dustin explained. 
I believe in Joan… She won’t just kill herself out of sadness like this!
“Ma’am, have you seen a very pretty lady…” He asked anxiously while grabbing a middle-aged woman by the arm. 
“Calm down, sir… I haven’t seen that woman you’re talking about…” The middle-aged woman replied nervously. 
The look in Dustin’s turned ice-cold instantly. 
Where on earth is Joan? Did she run into trouble or something? 
Abelyn came running over, panting heavily as she asked, “Did you manage to find anything?” 
“No…” Dustin shook his head helplessly. 
“Try to think… Is there anywhere in particular that she likes to go?” 
Where on earth could she possibly like to go in a foreign land like this? 
Dustin was stamping his feet in frustration when the middle-aged woman came over and said, “You could try asking that old man over there, though. He stands there every day, so he might have seen something.” 
Dustin ran straight towards the old man without any hesitation. 
“Sir, have you seen a woman picking seashells around the area?” 
The old man turned around slowly and stared blankly at the two of them. 
What… What’s with this guy? Why do I feel like he’s crazy? 
“Hey, Dustin… Do you think he might be crazy?” Abelyn whispered into Dustin’s ear while staring suspiciously at the man.
“You’re the crazy one! Your entire family is crazy!” The old man started yelling all of a sudden, scaring Abelyn so much that she couldn’t stop shuddering. 
Dustin quickly stepped in front of her and explained, “Please calm down, sir… She didn’t mean it that way… She was just worried about you…” 
“Hahaha, not bad, young man!” The old man laughed when he saw Dustin’s act of bravery. 
Well? Does this old man know where Joan went or not? 
“That woman picking seashells… I saw her being taken away by two scary-looking men. You see that log cabin over there? That’s where they’re holding her.” 
The old man pointed at a log cabin in the distance. 
“Thank you, sir!” Dustin and Abelyn ran off while the old man stood there staring at them. 
Everyone says I’m crazy, but they’re the ones that have lost their minds… He then let out a sigh and slowly walked away. 
As expected, there were two tough-looking bodyguards watching over the door of the log cabin. 
Abelyn gave Dustin a nudge and asked, “Well, Dustin? Think you can beat them?”
###Chapter 2711
Chapter 2711 
Dustin And Abelyn To The Rescue 
“Nope,” Dustin replied without any hesitation. 
“What the hell? Aren’t you supposed to be a man and say you’ll take them on?” Abelyn said with a hint of disdain in her voice. 
“I am a man, but that doesn’t mean I should just charge in like a reckless fool!” Dustin snapped back at her. 
If we act impulsively and make a wrong move now, it could result in all three of us losing our lives! Damn it, who on earth could’ve done this to Joan? I don’t remember us making any enemies here, so… Could it have been someone from our home country? 
Dustin tensed up at the thought of that and asked nervously, “Abelyn… Are you ready?” 
Abelyn had many years of training in Taekwondo and kung fu, so the two bodyguards at the door were a piece of cake for her. 
“I’m ready, just leave it to me!” Abelyn patted herself on the chest confidently before heading out. 
“Hey, I seem to have gotten separated with one of my friends, and I heard you two have seen her…” she greeted the two men casually while walking towards them. 
“Who are you?” They asked cautiously. 
“Me? Why, I’m a friend of Joan!” Abelyn replied. 
“We don’t know this Joan person you’re talking about, so go away!”
“Is that so? From what I’ve heard, she followed you two into this log cabin over here…” 
Abelyn pointed at the hut behind them with a sharp glint in her eyes. 
Hmph… Still won’t admit to it, eh? 
“Listen, you’d better mind your own business if you know what’s good for you!” 
“Oooh, I’m so scared!” Abelyn said jokingly while taking a few steps back. 
Dustin couldn’t help but chuckle to himself as he watched from a corner. Man, she sure is a funny one! 
“Enough games! Hand her over to me right this instant!” Abelyn shouted coldly with a vicious look on her face. 
“Stay out of this, you b*tch!” 
“What the hell did you just call me?” Abelyn got mad when she heard that. 
She then sent the guy flying a few feet back with a kick to the stomach. “Who’s the b*tch now, huh?” 
Having witnessed his partner got knocked down, the other man lunged at Abelyn in retaliation, and the three of them got tangled up in a messy brawl. 
Dustin seized that opportunity to sneak into the log cabin and began looking for Joan. 
He held a hand over his mouth and called out to her softly, “Joan?” 
Joan jumped to her feet and squinted into the darkness when she heard a familiar voice, but she couldn’t see a thing. 
“Dustin?” she called out to him in response.
“Yes, it’s me. Where are you?” 
The two of them then fumbled their way through the pitch-black darkness of the log cabin and were able to locate each other by following their voices. 
Dustin pulled her into a tight embrace the moment he found her. He had tears in his eyes like he had been reunited with a long-lost friend, but Joan wasn’t able to see that at the time. 
“Are you hurt?” Dustin asked anxiously. 
Joan shook her head and replied, “I’m fine, Dustin. Come on, let’s get out of here!” 
“And where do you think you’re going? Honestly, you guys underestimate me way too much!” 
The lights in the log cabin were switched on all of a sudden. 
What the… What’s going on? I thought she left quite a while ago! Joan thought to herself as she stared at Della for fear of what she would do to Dustin and Abelyn. 
“Dustin, you and Abelyn sure are brave risking your lives to save Joan!” Della taunted him while pointing at Joan. 
Dustin let go of Joan and walked up to Della as he said, “Let it go, Della! Don’t do anything rash!” 
Let it go? Fat chance! Della ignored him and walked right up to Joan before lifting her chin with a vicious expression on her face.
###Chapter 2712
Chapter 2712 
No One Else Can Have Him 
“If I can’t have him, no one else can!” She then shoved Joan back onto the sofa, causing her to yelp in pain. 
“Are you okay? Does it hurt?” Dustin rushed over and caressed her head gently. 
“Oh, my… Look how lovey-dovey you two are… I bet Larry would be so mad if he were to see this!” Della said sarcastically. 
“Della, you’d better stop this right now or you might end up in prison!” 
Dustin meant well and tried to talk her out of it, but Della refused to listen. 
No… Della wasn’t like this before! Could it be that someone brainwashed her into doing this? 
With that in mind, Joan stood up all of a sudden, much to Della’s surprise. 
“What are you doing?” Della asked. 
“Della, I know you’re a kind person at heart. You’re only doing all this because someone instructed you to, right?” 
As expected of Larry’s woman… Della stared at Joan expectantly, hoping to hear who she suspected was the mastermind behind everything. 
“Is it Jake?”
He was the only person Joan could think of at the moment, and she wasn’t even sure about her guess at all. 
However, Della froze upon hearing that name, and Joan noticed that reaction of hers. 
So it really is him! The look on Joan’s face was instantly shrouded with an icy-cold aura. 
She had hoped to stay as far away from him as possible, but that didn’t seem to stop him from causing her trouble regardless of where she was. 
Unbeknownst to them, Jake was lounging on the sofa in a hotel nearby, swirling a glass of red wine while watching everything through a security camera. 
“Why are you teaming up with Jake?” Joan shook her head in confusion as she asked. 
Why else do you think? Obviously, I’m doing this to be with Larry! I want to be with Larry! I have to be with him! 
“Do you really think Larry will be with you just because you’ve pushed us both into a corner like this? If so, then you don’t even know Larry at all, nor do you love him for that matter! You just want to own him, and that’s possession, not love! Della, if you truly love Larry, then you should be trying to help him out instead!” 
The light in Della’s eyes seemed to fade when she heard that. She’s right… What am I doing? I’m only causing Larry even more trouble, but… It’s too late for me to back out now! 
“Stop this, Della! Your father is really worried about you, you know? Your employees too! In fact, Larry too, is worried about…”
Heh… Him? Worry about me? Please… Joan is the only one he cares about! Della got a little agitated when she heard Joan mention Larry again and pouted helplessly. 
“Happiness gained through the use of force isn’t true happiness, Della. Sometimes, you just have to let go of someone you love to truly be happy…” Joan added softly in an attempt to snap Della out of it. 
“Enough!” Della looked up all of a sudden and shouted at the top of her lungs, scaring everyone around her into taking a few steps back. 
“Joan, did you seriously expect to just touch my heart with your words and make me believe you?” 
“No, it was never my intention to touch your heart! I just wanted to remind you of who you are!” 
Joan’s words were simple yet so powerful that even Dustin found himself a little moved as he watched from the side. 
“Della, you’ve always been a woman who clearly knows what you want in life. You’re beautiful, kind, gentle, caring, generous, reasonable, capable, and excellent in every aspect! You’re a career woman that we all look up to!”
###Chapter 2713
Chapter 2713 
Free Game 
“You have a bright future ahead of you, Della! Why throw it all away now just because someone told you to? I know you’re smarter than to let someone use you like this…” Joan continued, hitting the nail right on the head as she said that. 
Clang! 
Jake’s face was twisted with rage as he smashed the glass of wine on the floor. 
“What’s wrong, Mr. Wilson?” His assistant came running over immediately. 
“Nothing.” 
Jake stood up slowly and grabbed his coat before leaving the hotel room. 
“Shut up, Joan! No one is using me!” Della shrieked at the top of her lungs. 
She had lost all sense of rationality at that point. 
“Wake up, Della! I know Jake way better than you do, so trust me when I say that you’re nothing but a mere pawn to him!” Joan shouted back at her. 
That’s right… Jake had always been an exceptionally cruel man, both in the corporate world and in his personal life. 
“Shut your f*cking mouth, Joan! I won’t believe you!” Della’s tone was terrifyingly cold. 
“Ahhh!” Abelyn’s scream came from outside all of a sudden.
The next thing Joan knew, Abelyn was being dragged into the cabin by the two men. 
“You b*tch! That ought to teach you to mess with us!” The men said as they tossed her aside. 
Despite being all bruised and battered, Abelyn still had a defiant look in her eyes. “You b*stards! How dare you hit me with those filthy hands of yours?” 
“Oh? Haven’t had enough, b*tch? You want some more?” One of the bodyguards began walking towards her angrily, but Della stopped him before he could reach her. 
“You’d better behave yourself if you know what’s good for you. God knows what these men will do to you if you don’t!” 
“Abelyn! Are you all right?” Dustin asked while helping her to her feet. 
Abelyn ignored him and kept her hostile gaze focused on Della. “What the hell are you trying to do, Della? Joan has already forgiven you for being a homewrecker, so why would you come all this way just to hurt her?” 
“A homewrecker, you say?” Della broke into a fit of laughter upon hearing that. 
“From what I know, the two of them have yet to remarry, so that makes him free game! Besides, everyone has the right to choose who they love in this modern era…” 
Oh, my god! How shameless does she have to be to say something like that? 
“Yeah, you do have the right to try and win Larry over, but you should at least do so in a fair manner! How could you ruin someone’s marriage for such selfish reasons?” 
Abelyn hated love triangles like these as much as she hated her ex-boyfriend.
Smack! 
Abelyn’s continuous rambling was cut off with a slap across the face so hard that her cheek went red instantly. 
Everyone at the scene was shocked as they didn’t expect Della to actually hit her. 
Abelyn slowly looked up and glared at Della with a vicious look in her eyes. 
Joan rushed over and caressed her cheek as she asked worriedly, “Are you okay, Abelyn?” 
“I’m fine, don’t worry about me,” Abelyn replied softly and shook her head. 
Like hell I’m okay! It hurts so damned much! She thought to herself as she rubbed her stinging cheek and tried to calm herself down. 
“Della! Have you lost your mind?” Dustin shouted, having finally lost his temper. 
“I’m not crazy, you are! You all are! I just wanted Joan to give Larry a call, but you guys just had to show up and cause such a huge mess…” Della pointed at them and shouted maniacally, completely losing her professional and ladylike image in that instant.
###Chapter 2714
Chapter 2714 
This Is My Cabin 
She looks nothing like the Della we all know… Was it all just an act? The world sure is a complicated place… Despite how women tend to accuse men of being pretentious liars, they’re not so different themselves! Joan stared blankly at her. 
“Look, you guys better stay out of my way or I’ll send you all straight to f*cking hell!” 
Della’s words sent a shiver down the spines of all three of them as they knew she wasn’t joking when she said that. 
“Last chance, Joan! Are you going to call Larry or not?” 
Joan took a few steps back as fear filled her eyes. 
How did things end up like this? Why would she go this far? 
“Della, doing this won’t bring you happiness!” 
Joan’s words struck a chord with her. Yeah, I won’t be happy even if I did get Larry like I wanted… But even so, my current ive is to defeat Joan completely! 
“What happened to you, Della? Why have you become like this?” Joan held her head low in pity. 
“Cut the crap! Are you going to make that phone call or not?” Della snapped at her impatiently. 
Joan began to hesitate when she saw the bodyguards standing next to Dustin and Abelyn.
Larry will definitely be heartbroken if I make this call, but Dustin and Abelyn are going to be in danger if I don’t… 
Della had a gleeful smile on her face as she enjoyed Joan’s agonized expression. What’s it going to be, Joan? Are you going to pick the love of your life, or the lives of your friends? Any sane person would know that two lives are worth more than one, so she has no choice but to make that call! 
Wham! 
The door to the log cabin was kicked open violently. 
“Wait, that’s…” Abelyn exclaimed in surprise. 
“What are you doing here, sir?” Dustin was equally shocked as well. 
The rest of them simply stared at the old man in confusion as he made his way into the cabin. Who is this old man? Where did he come from? 
Joan thought to herself as she looked at Dustin and Abelyn and waited for an explanation. 
“This is my cabin!” the old man shouted all of a sudden. 
Is this some kind of joke? Della walked up to the old man with a mocking smile on her face. “I rented this cabin, old man!” 
“This is my cabin!” the old man repeated himself once again. 
Is he crazy or what? Della eyed him from head to toe before threatening him, “Listen up, old man! You’d better get the hell out of here right now before I decide to kick your a*s too!” 
“You b*tch, how dare you steal my cabin? This is my cabin!”
Without warning, the old man grabbed hold of Della and began shaking her violently. Della screamed at the top of her lungs while her bodyguards tried to pry him off her. 
“This is my cabin! All of you get out of my cabin!” 
As if he had taken the hint, Dustin quickly dragged Joan and Abelyn out of the cabin while the old man kept the others busy. 
“Who was that guy?” Joan asked in confusion while staring at the old man behind them. 
“Oh, just some old man!” Abelyn gave her an ambiguous reply. 
Looks like that old man wasn’t actually crazy after all! He was just an ordinary guy pretending to be crazy! 
Joan then turned towards Dustin in hopes of getting an answer from him, but he simply held on to her hand tightly as he continued running forward. 
“Where are we going?” Joan panted heavily while trying to keep up with them.
###Chapter 2715
Chapter 2715 
The Power Of Love 
“We’re getting the hell out of here!” Dustin replied firmly, shocking the two of them behind him. 
Getting out of here? He’s got to be kidding, right? Abelyn looked at the two of them and checked behind her before stopping in her tracks. 
“Stop running, you two! We won’t be able to outrun them in our current condition. We should find somewhere to hide and lay low instead!” 
“You’re right!” 
With that, the three of them made their way up a nearby mountain and hid themselves in a very secluded spot. 
Having exhausted himself from the struggle, the old man slumped on the floor and closed his eyes while Della tidied up her clothes awkwardly in the corner. 
Damn it, where the hell did this crazy old man come from? How dare he ruin my plans? 
“Are you all right, Ms. Duff?” the bodyguards asked worriedly. 
“I’m fine. Where are they? Where have they gone to? Hurry up and go after them!” Della stamped her feet in frustration. 
The two bodyguards ran out of the log cabin immediately, only to return looking dejected later on. 
Della grabbed them by the arms and asked anxiously, “Well? Did you manage to find them?”
“Ms. Duff, it’s too dark out there for us to even see the road clearly…” 
These guys are useless! I can’t believe Joan managed to get away! 
Smack! 
Della slammed her palm against the wall angrily. 
“Ms. Duff, we’ll continue the search tomorrow…” one of the bodyguards said softly. 
Tomorrow? They’ll be long gone by then! 
Meanwhile, Joan and the two were sitting on a stone bench and looking at the beautiful starry sky above. 
“Dustin, Abelyn… I’m sorry for the trouble I’ve caused you two…” she said, feeling incredibly touched at how neither of them blamed her for what happened earlier. 
“What are you saying, Joan?” Abelyn said while casually dusting her butt off. 
She then gave Joan a pat on the shoulder as she continued, “We’re friends, and friends help each other out, so there’s no need to thank us!” 
It was precisely because they were friends that Joan didn’t want them getting hurt because of her. 
“Listen up, you two… If, and I mean if, Della comes up the mountain with her men and finds us… Promise me that you two will make a run for it, okay? I know she won’t hurt me…” 
Abelyn didn’t like how she sounded like she was bidding them a final goodbye and cut her off by shouting loudly, “Enough! We will either make it out of here together or die together!”
Joan felt touched upon hearing that and stepped forward to hug her with trembling arms. 
“Joan, I know the pain you’ve been through is something beyond comprehension for most people. But even so, we must never let anyone look down on us! It’s true that your family isn’t as wealthy or powerful as Larry’s, but that doesn’t mean you aren’t worthy of being with him! Della may be rich, but none of that money means anything if Larry doesn’t like her at all…” 
Abelyn’s right… Sometimes, the power of love is enough to overcome anything and everything… 
“Are you okay?” Joan asked softly while examining the wounds on her body. 
“Don’t worry, I’m fine!” Abelyn said nonchalantly while giving herself a pat on the chest. 
“Hey, you two! Stop talking and get some sleep! We have an early flight to catch tomorrow!” Dustin mumbled as he closed his eyes. 
They’ve already booked the tickets back to Chanaea… 
“But I can’t sleep…” Abelyn pouted and gave Dustin a nudge. 
“Me neither.” Joan turned to face Abelyn.
###Chapter 2716
Chapter 2716 
Do You Still Love Larry 
“Do you still love Larry?” Abelyn asked seriously. 
“Yes, I do,” Joan replied. 
If we truly are fated to be together, we will be together in the end regardless of how many obstacles we encounter… 
“I really envy you, you know?” Abelyn said with her cheeks puffed up. 
What’s there to be envious about? That I have a homewrecker causing havoc in my marriage? 
“Don’t be, it’s exhausting for me…” Joan’s voice was filled with fatigue. 
Abelyn gave her a light tap on the head and asked worriedly, “Hey, Joan? Are you all right?” 
Joan simply shook her head and kept quiet. 
The two of them fell asleep at some point, and they were woken up by the heat from the morning sun the next day. 
Joan looked incredibly weary as she stretched and let out a lethargic yawn. 
Abelyn leaned in close to Dustin’s ear and shouted, “Wake up!” 
“Ahh!” Dustin jumped to his feet instantly and looked around with a blank expression on his face. 
“What’s going on?” he asked anxiously.
“Nothing, it’s time to go. Come on, we have a flight to catch!” 
It wasn’t long before the three of them made it to the airport. 
They had donned disguises before entering for fear of being recognized by Della’s men, and they were right to do so as her men were in every corner of the airport. 
Joan patted Dustin on the back and asked nervously, “What do we do now, Dustin?” 
“Be very careful, and don’t panic.” 
How am I supposed to not panic when Della’s men are all over the place? A single mistake could land us right in her hands again! 
“Walk slowly and naturally. Don’t worry, they won’t be able to recognize us.” Dustin gave her a pat on the shoulder in an attempt to reassure her. 
Okay… I’ll trust him this once… 
The three of them let their guard down the moment they made it past customs. 
“Phew… That was so tense! I seriously thought they would’ve recognized us for sure! Looks like they’re dumber than I thought!” Abelyn snapped her fingers disdainfully. 
“Remember, we have to stay calm and relaxed if we are to avoid their detection,” Dustin reminded them as he continued leading them on board the plane. 
“You’d better treat me to a meal if we make it out of here, Joan!” 
The three of them soon made it back to Chanaea, but Della was completely unaware of that and continued searching madly for them overseas.
“What will you do next, Joan? Are you going to see Larry, or are you going straight home instead?” Abelyn asked. 
Joan didn’t have the courage to go press Larry for answers at the time, so she wasn’t really sure of what she should do. 
“You can come stay with me if you’d like!” Abelyn was so casual about that it felt as if she saw Joan as family. 
Joan felt incredibly touched by her offer as she was still a little uncomfortable about Larry and Della. 
Although she had faith in Larry’s character, she was afraid of how it would get in the way of Norton Corporation’s development and how exhausted Larry would be as a result. 
“Okay, I’ll stay over at your place, then,” Joan replied calmly. 
Dustin had expected that answer from her as he knew Joan wouldn’t be able to go home and face Larry so easily. 
“Joan, you do understand that you can’t run from Larry forever, right?” he asked. 
Of course I do. Running may get you out of a sticky situation for a while, but it doesn’t solve most problems in life. Facing them head-on and proactively looking for a solution is the only way to resolve said problems, but… I…I’m just really nervous right now… 
“Yeah, I know that. I just want to get some rest before…” 
“Sure, no problem!” Abelyn shouted, cutting her off before she could finish.
###Chapter 2717
Chapter 2717 
Sudden Board Meeting 
Joan smiled awkwardly in response. 
I guess these two are the only ones that genuinely care about me right now… 
She hadn’t contacted Nancy, Jessica, and Delilah for fear of them informing Larry of her location. 
The three of them soon arrived at Abelyn’s villa which she had purchased before going overseas. 
“Well? What do you think?” Abelyn asked them excitedly with her arms outstretched. 
“It’s great,” Joan said with a chuckle. 
It was very classical in design and had a courtyard, swimming pool, as well as a huge lawn. 
This villa must’ve costed a fortune… 
Joan thought to herself as she sat down on a swing nearby. 
“Abelyn, please… You could only dream of living here if it weren’t for me!” Dustin said in annoyance. 
“Oh, come on, Dustin! Be a gentleman, will you? It’s not like I’m the only one staying here anyway…” Abelyn protested. 
Wait… What does Abelyn owning this villa have to do with Dustin? Joan shot the two of them a confused look. 
“Fine, I’ll tell you the truth. Abelyn and I bought this villa together…”
According to Dustin, he sold his house to aid Abelyn in purchasing that villa. Her parents ed to her decision on buying a house in Chanaea, so she had no choice but to ask Dustin for help. 
“Jeez… It’s just a villa, man! Why are you being so petty about it? I’ll buy you two just like this one overseas, okay?” 
Dustin simply shot her a glare in silence, much to Joan’s amusement as she always found their arguments to be hilarious. 
After unloading their stuff and tidying the place up, the three of them made their way to the supermarket. 
Meanwhile, the people in Norton Corporation were working their bottoms off, and morale seemed to be incredibly low for some of them. 
“Larry, the board of directors are calling for a board meeting!” Caspian shouted anxiously as he burst into the office. 
“Why are you panicking? Here, have a cup of tea,” Larry said coldly. 
“They’re on the way right now, Larry!” Caspian added. 
“I know that. Now, calm down.” 
Larry pointed at the sofa nearby and motioned for him to take a break. 
This day is bound to come sooner or later, and I’ve been expecting it for quite some time now… 
“Mr. Norton, I just got a call from the board of directors. It’s about the board meeting,” the assistant said nervously.
“All right, go get prepared,” Larry replied calmly. 
How is he so calm? Under normal circumstances, the board of directors would have to discuss with him and agree upon a time and date for such meetings. However, they simply informed him of the meeting this time with no prior discussion whatsoever! 
The assistant couldn’t help but feel uneasy at the thought of that and said cautiously, “Mr. Norton, there’s no telling what could happen in this board meeting…” 
“Don’t worry, I’m prepared for anything. You just do as I say, got it?” Larry said sternly while looking up at the assistant who then nodded and quickly walked out of his office. 
“Are you ready, Larry?” Caspian asked nervously from the sofa. 
“Yes, I’m ready,” Larry replied while signing some documents. 
He must be pretty confident if he’s that calm about it! If all goes well with this, Joan won’t have to leave Larry! Caspian breathed a sigh of relief and looked out the window.
###Chapter 2718
Chapter 2718 
Running From Her Problems 
“How has Joan been lately?” Larry asked coldly all of a sudden. 
“Huh? Oh, right… Uh… She’s doing fine, don’t worry!” Caspian replied awkwardly as he actually had no idea how Joan was. 
“What about Jessica? Is she doing all right?” 
“Yeah, she is… Been a bit busy these days, though…” Caspian scratched the back of his head shyly as he said that. 
Busy, eh? That’s better than being idle, I guess… Larry took a deep breath and booted up his computer. 
“But, Larry…” Caspian said hesitantly. 
“What is it?” 
Larry looked up at him and waited for him to continue. 
“Ms. Duff seems to have gone somewhere else.” 
Hmm? Larry furrowed his brows. 
Where is she going this time? Well, whatever… As long as she isn’t pestering me, it doesn’t really matter where she’s going! 
“I see.”
Caspian couldn’t bring himself to tell him that Della was headed right for Joan’s location. He didn’t want to affect Larry’s mood and have him abandon his work to go looking for her. 
“I’ll excuse myself for the time being, then…” Caspian walked out of the office after saying that. 
Two weeks had soon passed, but Joan showed no signs of wanting to leave Abelyn’s villa. 
Abelyn grew anxious at how relaxed Joan was, but Dustin didn’t seem to mind it at all. 
Eventually, she couldn’t stand it anymore and whispered into Dustin’s ear, “Hey, Dustin… Aren’t you going to talk to her about it?” 
And tell her what? To go home? Or to go see Larry? 
Dustin shook his head in response. 
“But she can’t keep running away from her problems either!” 
Abelyn exclaimed in distress as she didn’t want to see Joan waste her life away like that. 
“Abelyn, I think it’s best that we stay out of their relationship issues. Just give her time to figure things out by herself,” Dustin replied calmly while flipping through his newspaper. 
That’s it? What if she decides to just leave it like that forever? 
Joan looked so happy playing with a cat on the swing that anyone who didn’t know her well would’ve assumed she had completely forgotten about the issue with Larry and Della. 
“Hey, Joan!” Abelyn called out to her all of a sudden. 
Joan turned around and looked at her curiously in response.
“If you like cats so much, why don’t you go buy some cat food at the supermarket?” 
Dustin walked up to Abelyn and asked, “Why don’t you go do it yourself instead?” 
“What’s the matter? Are you feeling bad for her? I just wanted her to get some fresh air!” Abelyn explained calmly. 
“Sure! Come on, kitty! Let’s go!” Joan then picked up the cat and walked out of the villa. 
Dustin quickly put down his newspaper and ran after Joan when he saw her leave. 
“Hey, where are you going?” Abelyn asked in confusion. 
“To buy some cat food with her!” 
Abelyn didn’t know whether to laugh or cry upon hearing that. 
I just had Joan make a trip to the supermarket for some cat food… Why is he getting so worked up over it? Well, whatever… That’s none of my business! 
“Joan!” Dustin shouted while running towards her. 
“What’s up, Dustin?” Joan had a gentle look on her face as she held the cat in her arms. 
Dustin scratched the back of his head awkwardly and replied, “I’m going to the supermarket too.” 
Little did they know, something big was awaiting them on that trip. 
“Will this do?” 
Dustin handed Joan a bag of cat food in the supermarket.
“No way! Our kitty doesn’t like this kind of cat food!” Joan rejected it immediately. 
Jeez, why is she being so particular about it? It’s just a cat for crying out loud! Dustin thought to himself as he gave her and the cat a strange look.
###Chapter 2719
Chapter 2719 
I Just Came To Say Hi 
“Our kitty will only settle for the highest quality of cat food…” Joan mumbled softly while slowly running her hand through the cat’s fur. 
“Well, well, well… If it isn’t Joan Watts!” 
A familiar voice came from behind, and Joan shuddered in terror when she turned around and saw the man before her. 
What’s he doing here? 
“Long time no see, Joan!” Jake greeted her as he made his way toward her. 
Heh, it really has been a long time… Joan snorted and shot him an icy-cold glare. 
She had thought she was safe from his clutches by fleeing overseas, only to have him send Della overseas to go after her. 
Unbeknownst to Joan, Jake was overseas as well when Della held her hostage. However, the three of them had escaped from the log cabin by the time he got there that night. 
“What do you want?” Joan asked coldly and cautiously. 
“I just came to say hi, that’s all!” Jake replied with a nonchalant shrug. 
Is that so? I seriously doubt it’s that simple! Joan took her eyes off him and gazed at the cat in her arms affectionately instead.
“How’s life?” Jake asked playfully. 
“It’s all right,” Joan answered firmly. 
Like hell it is! I nearly lost my life a while back! Dustin clenched his fists as he stood next to her and waited for Jake to say something. 
“Where have you been lately? I’ve missed you so much.” 
Jake’s words had Dustin looking at the both of them in confusion. 
What the hell is going on here? 
“Mind your language, Jake!” Joan reminded him coldly. 
Even with everything that has happened, this b*tch is still acting all high and mighty? 
“What? This is how I always have been.” Jake’s response was as calm as ever. 
“Sorry, we’ve got some other business to attend to, so we’ll be on our way now.” Joan then grabbed Dustin by the arm and began walking away. 
“Why are you avoiding me, Joan? What are you so afraid of?” Jake asked with a devilish grin. 
Dustin stopped in his tracks and gave her hand a little squeeze. “Why don’t you make it clear to him and draw the line?” 
“Ignore him, Dustin. I’ve told him countless times before, but it’s no use…” Joan explained. 
How am I supposed to draw the line with him? In fact, I just realized I don’t even know Jake all that well…
“He’s been on your tail all this while?” Dustin asked in surprise. 
“Yes, and I’ve been avoiding him all this while,” Joan replied honestly as she figured there was no need to hide it any longer. 
“Does Larry know about this?” 
“A little…” Joan lowered her gaze and let out a sigh. 
So this guy is the reason why she went overseas! 
“Hey, Joan! Say hi to Larry for me, okay?” Jake waved at her from where he stood with a sinister smile on his face. 
He actually didn’t know that Joan had been living in Abelyn’s villa ever since her return to the country. 
“Oh, and Dustin? Give up, you don’t stand a chance.” Jake said as he walked away, leaving Dustin rooted to the spot in awkwardness. 
After all the time that has passed, he no longer expected Joan to reciprocate his love and simply hoped to protect her for as long as he could. 
“Come on, let’s go home!” 
The two of them then paid for their groceries and left the supermarket, completely unaware of the mysterious person tailing them with a camera. 
“Back already? Wow, you guys are fast!” Abelyn called out to them happily when she saw them at the gate. 
Joan handed her some snacks from the grocery bag. “Here, look what Dustin got you!”
###Chapter 2720
Chapter 2720 
These Two Make Quite A Great Pair 
Dustin knew all too well about Abelyn’s love for snacks and fruits. 
“Thank you, Dustin!” she said while making a thankful gesture at him. 
Honestly, these two make quite a great pair! Joan thought to herself with a chuckle as she went into the kitchen. 
“What the hell?” Larry jumped out of his seat angrily. 
On his table were pictures of Joan and Dustin shopping at the supermarket. 
“What’s wrong, Larry?” Caspian got up from the sofa with a confused look on his face. 
Larry slowly walked towards the window and stared at the sky above before closing his eyes in an attempt to calm himself down. 
“Joan is back?” Caspian asked in surprise when he saw the pictures. 
“Go look into it right now! I want to know where Joan is!” Larry ordered coldly. 
Oh, boy… He looks really angry this time… Not wanting to face his wrath, Caspian ran out of his office and began his search. 
“Hey, Jessica! Did you know about Joan’s return to the country?” 
Caspian sounded really anxious on the phone. 
“What? She’s back?” Jessica exclaimed in shock.
I’ll take that as a no, then… But if Joan is back, why didn’t she go home? Why didn’t she come to see Larry? Is she facing some sort of trouble? 
Caspian narrowed his eyes in bewilderment. 
“Where is she right now?” Jessica asked worriedly. 
“I don’t know, but she seems to be with Dustin…” 
How is that possible? I know for a fact that Joan and Dustin are just friends! 
“You’d better watch what you say, Caspian! If Larry hears you, he might…” 
“He already knows,” Caspian cut her off before she could finish. 
Oh, no… Things are going to get really chaotic again! Damn it, I didn’t expect her to come back so suddenly! I knew something was off when she left the country, and I wouldn’t have found out about her situation if I didn’t push her into telling me the truth… Given her circumstances, there’s no way she would come back unless she ran into some trouble overseas! Jessica gripped the hem of her shirt tightly in anxiety. 
“I’ll help look for Joan too!” She then hung up the phone. 
Jessica was able to locate Abelyn’s villa fairly quickly and knocked hard on the door. 
Knock! Knock! Knock! 
The three of them exchanged suspicious glances when they heard the sound from the living room. 
“Are you expecting guests?” Dustin asked Abelyn cautiously. 
Abelyn shook her head and said firmly, “Nope! Not at all!”
“Then who could it be?” Dustin got up and slowly walked towards the door. 
“It’s me!” Jessica deliberately raised her voice so everyone in the living room could hear her. 
“Jessica?” Joan and Dustin exclaimed in unison. 
Feeling glad to see Jessica again, she ran over to open the door and asked excitedly, “What brings you here?” 
“Oh, my god! Joan, how could you not tell me that you’ve returned? That’s like, so uncool of you!” Jessica complained while smacking her on the shoulder. 
“Sorry, I just haven’t had the time to!” Joan played it off casually. 
Of course, that was a lie as she simply didn’t want to contact them. 
“Hi, Jessica!” Dustin greeted her with a smile. 
Practically everyone in the city knew about Larry and Jessica being as close as siblings, and that didn’t sit very well with Abelyn. 
“What are you doing here?” she asked rudely. 
“Come on, Abelyn… Don’t be like that! We’re all friends!” Dustin gave her a nudge and motioned at her to be nice. 
“Oh, we are most certainly not friends!” Abelyn said out loud.
###Chapter 2721
Chapter 2721 
Learning The Truth 
Despite it all being a misunderstanding, the two of them had quite some conflicts in the past. 
“All right, I get it, Abelyn! Sheesh, I can’t believe you’re still mad at me after so many years, and over something so trivial too… Look, I apologize for whatever I have done to wrong you in the past, okay?” 
Abelyn was a very petty person who held on to grudges, so it was only natural that she remembered every little thing people did to wrong her. 
Jessica on the other hand wasn’t one to sweat the small stuff and paid no heed to the trivial conflicts they had in the past. 
That was especially the case as she was a little impulsive in her ways which was the main reason behind most of their conflicts. 
Abelyn found herself unable to stay mad at Jessica when she saw how sincere she was with her apology. 
“Okay… I’m sure I must’ve been at fault as well back then, so I would also like to say I’m sorry…” she said shyly while looking at her through the corner of her eye. 
“Now that you two have made up, how about we all head inside and catch up?” Joan said happily while pushing them into the house. 
No problem is unsolvable as long as both parties are willing to communicate! 
Just like that, the four of them sat down on the sofa in the living room.
The three girls then proceeded to dominate the conversation and rambled on endlessly with a complete disregard for Dustin’s feelings as he struggled to participate in the conversation, but to no avail. 
I can’t understand a thing they’re saying… Geez, women sure are a pain in the neck… Dustin let out a sigh and shook his head. 
“Why don’t you go make dinner, Dustin?” Abelyn pointed at the kitchen. 
What? Did she just tell me to make dinner? Dustin was dumbfounded. 
“What, you got a problem?” Jessica shot him a fierce glare. 
“Okay…” he mumbled as he got up and slowly made his way towards the kitchen. 
He decided to do as told as sitting there with them was pointless and boring anyway. 
“Why didn’t you go home after returning to the country, Joan?” Jessica asked in confusion. 
Joan gave them both an awkward look in response. 
“She hasn’t made up her mind. Now, enough of that topic.” Abelyn responded on her behalf and waved at Jessica to stop asking any further. 
Make up her mind? About what? Also, why did she tell Abelyn but not me? Feeling upset at being kept in the dark, Jessica shot Joan a cold glare. 
“Don’t worry, I’ll go home after a while,” Joan said firmly with a smile. 
“Larry knows you’re back, and he even has pictures of you shopping with Dustin.” 
Joan froze upon hearing that. So Larry already knew…
“Caspian has been looking for you all over, Joan. You should come home and explain everything to Larry. I mean, you and Dustin aren’t together, right?” Jessica added. 
Of course! Dustin and I were never together to begin with! 
“Why would she go home when Larry is going to marry Della?” Abelyn shouted angrily. 
What? Since when is Larry marrying Della? Jessica frowned in confusion as she asked, “What are you talking about, Abelyn? Since when is Larry marrying Della?” 
Both Joan and Abelyn tensed up instantly. 
Wait… What’s going on here? Does this mean that Della was lying about it the whole time? Abelyn’s eyes lit up with surprise at the thought of that. 
Although Joan had doubted the truth of Della’s words as well, she didn’t have enough confidence to confront Larry about it, so hearing Jessica’s words made her feel incredibly relieved. 
“So, you’re saying that Larry isn’t planning on marrying Della?” Abelyn asked to make sure. 
“Of course, Abelyn! Larry doesn’t like Della at all, so why on earth would he want to marry her? Besides… He only has eyes for Joan, so no other women stand a chance at winning him over anyway!”
###Chapter 2722
Chapter 2722 
You Two Are Way Too Intimate With Each Other 
Abelyn was overjoyed to hear that and burst into uncontrollable laughter, smacking herself on the thigh and rocking her head back and forth in the process. 
Even Dustin who was busy making dinner in the kitchen stuck his head out in curiosity when he heard her laughing. 
Feeling a little shaken up by Abelyn’s sudden and strange behavior, Jessica pointed at her as she asked, “What’s up with her, Joan? Did she hit herself on the head or something?” 
“It’s fine, don’t worry about her!” Joan waved at her with a look of joy in her eyes. 
However, that joy soon turned into concern when she remembered the crisis that Norton Corporation was facing. 
“What about Norton Corporation? Last I heard, the company’s development has bottle-necked…” she asked worriedly. 
Jessica gave her a reassuring wink and said, “Relax, Larry has his plans to resolve that crisis! On top of that, he has me to help him out too!” 
So, Della was lying about it all the whole time… Phew, I can finally stop worrying about this issue… Joan let out a sigh of relief at the thought of that. 
“Hey, stop laughing, Abelyn! You look like a freaking lunatic!” Jessica shouted while smacking her on the shoulder.
“Oh, shut up! I just can’t help it when I think about how funny Della was! Hahaha…” Abelyn explained helplessly while struggling to contain herself. 
Oh, boy… Della’s really done it this time! She’s embarrassed herself to the point of no return! 
“Don’t listen to Della, Joan! There’s no way Larry will ever marry her! He loves you and you alone!” Jessica continued to defend Larry. 
“All right, that’s enough, you girls! Come on, dinner’s ready!” Dustin called out impatiently as he served up the food from the kitchen. 
Abelyn ran over and hugged him tightly all of a sudden. “Wow, it smells amazing!” 
“Hey! What are you doing, Abelyn? Stop it! They’re staring at us!” Dustin exclaimed shyly when he saw Joan and Jessica giggling at them. 
“They’re not outsiders or anything, so why are you being so shy about it? Besides, we used to do this all the time, so why are you acting all flustered like some teen girl…” Abelyn grumbled as she slowly let go of him. 
Unable to withstand her incessant rambling, Dustin gave in and held his arms out as he said, “Fine, I’ll hug you! Come on, bring it in!” 
To his surprise, Abelyn refused his hug and pouted out of jealousy. “You know what? Forget it! You can save your hugs for your future girlfriend or something!” 
She was completely oblivious to the fact that she had started to develop feelings for Dustin, one which exceeded that of friendship.
“Actually, you two make quite a great pair, so why don’t you two just date each other and make it official?” Jessica said with a chuckle. 
“Shut up!” Dustin and Abelyn snapped back at her in unison. 
“We’re best bros for life!” Abelyn said proudly while wrapping her arm around his shoulder. 
“Yeah, that’s right! Bros for life!” Dustin played along as well. 
Oh, please… You two are way too intimate with each other to be bros! Jessica and Joan exchanged glances with each other and grinned from ear to ear when they saw that. 
Meanwhile, the directors of Norton Corporation were all seated in the meeting room with solemn looks on their faces. Larry sat at the very center of the room and waited for them to speak up. The tension in the room was so high that it felt as if the air had frozen from the cold looks in their eyes. 
Eventually, one of the directors spoke up with a hint of dissatisfaction on his face, “What on earth are you planning on doing, Mr. Norton?” 
“I’m sure you are all aware of the situation that Norton Corporation is currently in, and I am able to understand the reasons behind all of your decisions. However, as long as I am around, I will not allow anyone to acquire this company…”
###Chapter 2723
Chapter 2723 
Call From Larry 
Larry’s words were solemn and determined. 
That was his bottom line. He could change his ways, and he could change his careers, but he would never let Jake take over the company. 
“Mr. Norton, M Group’s president hopes to take over Norton Corporation. It is our honor…” 
Once again, another director started trying to persuade Larry. 
“I’ll never sell my company. If you don’t want to stay here any longer, I can buy your shares from you. I’ll buy them at the old market price. This is the best way, and the kindest I’ll be to you.” 
Larry’s words made the other directors enter a heated discussion. 
“Has he gone mad? The company’s about to shut down, but he’s still trying to buy our shares?” 
“You’re right. He can’t have lost his marbles, can he?” 
“Moreover, he’s trying to buy them with the original market price?” 
Instantly, the office was in an uproar. 
They were all old sly foxes. As long as they could still reap the profits, they cared not about who owned the company. 
“Mr. Norton, are you serious with what you’ve just said?” one of the directors snapped as he stood up and stabbed a finger in his direction.
“Of course I am,” came Larry’s plain reply. 
“Okay, deal.” 
Thus, Larry obtained all the shares of Norton Corporation. Very well. As he looked at the directors in front of him, a satisfied smile grew on Larry’s lips. 
Meanwhile, in M Group’s office, Jake was at his table, flipping through his documents with a grave look. 
“Mr. Wilson, I need your signature on this document.” The assistant then handed a document to Jake when he entered. 
“What’s the situation with Norton Corporation’s side?” Jake asked as he signed the paper. 
“It’s all quiet so far,” the assistant slowly said as he lowered his head. It seemed like he was not stressed about it at all. 
Wait. Jake abruptly snapped his head upward as anxiety filled his eyes. 
He could sense that something was wrong somewhere, but he could not pinpoint what it was. 
Norton Corporation has no news even though it’s been ages? 
Jake then tilted his head to look at the ceiling, deep in his thoughts. Did something happen? 
Finally, everything’s over, Larry thought, sitting on his office’s couch as he heaved a heavy sigh. 
I’ll just need to focus on my fashion business now. 
When he lowered his head to look at his watch, a look of anger and anticipation flashed across his face. It’s been days since Joan contacted me.
As he continued to stare at his watch, Larry found himself hesitating. He wanted to call Joan, but he did not want to give in to her. 
After a long while of hesitation, he finally made the call. 
Ding, ding, ding. 
The phone on the table kept ringing. 
“Joan, your phone is ringing!” Abelyn waved excitedly when she saw the name on the screen. 
“Answer the call for me,” Joan shouted from inside the restroom. 
Without hesitating, Abelyn picked up the call. 
“Joan, where are you?” 
It was a familiar voice traveling out of the speakers. Abelyn could hear the worry and yearning in Larry’s voice. 
“She’s in my house,” Abelyn said in a deliberately calm tone. 
Her response dumbfounded Larry. 
Who is she? Why is she picking up Joan’s call for her? 
“Abelyn, what are you doing? Don’t use Joan’s phone!” That, however, was a voice Larry knew well. It was Dustin. 
Joan is with Dustin and Abelyn. I was right! She went to Dustin! 
Smack!
Larry slammed his palm onto the table and it instantly reddened. 
“Hush, you! Don’t interrupt me,” Abelyn yelled at Dustin, who was a distance away from him. 
“Larry, listen to me. It isn’t like what you think it is…”
###Chapter 2724
Chapter 2724 
Explanation 
Beep, beep… 
Before Abelyn had finished her sentence, Larry had ended the call. 
We’re doomed! Totally doomed! 
“Damn it, Dustin. Why did you have to talk when you could’ve kept quiet?” Abelyn grumbled as she smacked him. 
What? What did I do wrong this time? Dustin could not help but frown at her words. 
“Shut up when we’re on a call next time,” Abelyn reminded as she smacked his back. 
Why do I have to shut up? Dustin could not comprehend why. 
“Who was the one calling me just now?” Joan quietly asked as she exited the bathroom. 
“It was your husband,” Abelyn replied. 
“What?” Joan stiffened. 
Then, she continued, “So, what did he say?” 
“He hung up on the call right after hearing Dustin’s voice.” Abelyn then shrugged with an exasperated expression 
It was then Dustin took a few steps, about to flee from the scene.
“Where are you trying to go? Stand right there!” Abelyn huffed as she knocked his head. 
“Stop it! I’m already not that smart. If you keep knocking it, I’ll lose all my intellect!” 
Meanwhile, Joan took her phone and retreated to her room. After clicking into her contacts, she then called Larry. 
“Sorry, the number you have dialed is currently unavailable.” 
He must be angry! Joan knew that Larry often refused to pick up calls when he was in a foul mood. In fact, he would switch it off to stop the others from calling him. 
This is terrible. Joan could only pace in her room, not knowing what she should do to salvage the situation. 
Jessica just said he received a photo of me with Dustin, and now he’s hearing Dustin’s voice when he called me. It’s impossible for him not to get jealous. 
After hesitating for what seemed like eons, Joan got dressed and went downstairs. 
On the other hand, Dustin and Abelyn were still fooling around in the living room. 
“Joan, where are you going?” Dustin anxiously asked from his position under Abelyn. 
“I’m going to look for Larry,” came Joan’s calm reply. 
“What?” Both Dustin and Abelyn turned to look at Joan in disbelief. 
Simultaneously, the two asked curiously, “Why are you looking for him?” 
“I’m going to explain to him about earlier. It’s fine. Continue what you’re doing earlier.” With that said, Joan left the villa.
“I’ll send you there!” 
“Don’t. This is about the two of them. Why are you trying to get involved, Dustin?” Abelyn groaned as she continued to pinch and hit him. 
Dustin had enough of it. 
“Abelyn, that’s too much!” roared the man, his voice echoing in the house. 
On her way there, a somber look was on Joan’s face. She was contemplating how she should explain her relationship with Dustin. 
Soon, her car came to a stop outside Norton Corporation. Without delaying any second, she headed straight to Larry’s office. 
“Why are you here?” Larry asked, his tone glacial. 
His tone and voice betray him. He’s obviously jealous. 
“I’m here to see you,” Joan enunciated as she walked toward the couch by the side. 
At that moment, Joan was excited, but she was keeping her emotions under control. 
“What’s there to look at? It’s not as if I’m handsome,” was Larry’s apathetic reply. 
Oh? He’s angry. Joan then turned to look at the man and smiled. 
“Don’t be mad. I’ll explain it to you,” she hummed. 
If he had to be honest with himself, Larry’s foul mood had dissipated the moment Joan stepped into the office.
Now, all he wanted to do was to be in her warm embrace. 
However, the second he thought about the photos she had with Dustin, anger burned in his chest anew. 
Despite knowing what she was talking about, Larry cleared his throat and queried, “What are you going to explain?”
###Chapter 2725
Chapter 2725 
Wait For Me 
“Dustin and I have been living in Abelyn’s villa. He sold his house…” 
She explained herself in great detail, fearing that the person in front of her would misunderstand again. 
“Larry, I actually wanted to contact you a long time ago. I was just afraid that I would distract you. You know, Norton Corporation only got to where it is today because you persevered and worked for it yourself. I don’t want you to just…” 
Eventually, she still could not help but express the concerns she had held in her heart. 
“Silly girl!” Larry said as he stood up and pulled Joan into a tight hug. 
“I can still solve all of Norton Corporation’s problems even without Della. I just need time,” he replied gently, kissing her forehead. 
Right. He’s Larry after all! A trace of joy flickered across Joan’s gaze. 
“You can finally come back now,” he said heartbrokenly as he gently stroked her hair. 
As he had not seen her in a long time, resultantly, he only felt love for her then. 
“Go back to work. I’ll head home first,” Joan said, then she turned around to leave. 
Suddenly, Larry pulled her into a tight hug, reluctant to let her go. 
“Stay with me a little longer.” 
He then rested his head on her collarbone, relishing her presence.
“Okay, stop it. There’re a lot of people watching,” Joan muttered embarrassedly as she pointed to the employees outside the office. 
“We’re in a relationship. Isn’t it normal for us to be intimate?” 
“We haven’t remarried yet,” she reminded him. 
Bang! 
The office door was suddenly forcefully opened. 
“Whoops, I’m sorry. It looks like I’m at the wrong place,” Jessica said, turning around to leave. 
Then, as if she were grabbing onto her last lifeline, Joan shouted, “Jessica!” 
The woman in question awkwardly turned back to look at the couple who were still acting intimately. There was a trace of envy in her gaze. 
“Didn’t you have something to discuss with Larry? I won’t disturb you then.” As Joan struggled out of Larry’s grip, she looked at Jessica pleadingly. 
“There’s no hurry. The most important thing is whatever’s happening between you two,” she replied amusedly, breaking into a smile. 
“Stop it, Larry. Do your work,” muttered Joan coquettishly as she pounded against his chest. 
“Go home first then. Wait for me in the room.” 
He then lifted her chin with his index finger as he gently nibbled her cheek and gave her a lustful look. 
“Stop that,” she replied embarrassedly. Then, she immediately left the office while blushing madly.
Jessica never stopped smirking as she looked at Joan go. 
“Congrats, Larry,” she said as she walked over to the sofa. 
“Why are you here? You’re such a spoilsport,” he said displeasedly in a low voice and shot her a look. 
Huh, he even dislikes my presence now? She pouted, feeling wronged. 
“When it comes down to it, you actually have to thank me. But since we have such a strong relationship, I’ll accept a monetary gift of one hundred thousand,” she said leisurely as she tidied her clothes. 
Wow, is this daylight robbery? She expects me to give her one hundred thousand? 
Jessica looked at him with anticipation in her eyes, waiting for his response. I’m sure one hundred thousand is peanuts to him! 
Instead of responding to her request, Larry said, “Anything else? If not, you can leave now. I still have a lot of work…” 
“Don’t take it to heart!” Jessica interrupted. 
Then, she continued, “How’s your clothing business going? Do you need my help? Also, Jake seems to be up to something recently. You’d better be careful. He won’t let you and Joan off so lightly,” she reminded.
###Chapter 2726
Chapter 2726 
Why Are You Here 
He raised his head to look at her, smiled, and nodded gently. 
He knew that Jake was not someone he wanted to provoke and that he was a person who always avenged his grievances. 
After they chatted briefly, Jessica then left his office. 
Soon, the sky turned dark. Perhaps because he had met Joan, Larry started to pack up to leave very early on that day. 
Hiss… 
Just then, the door was gently pushed open. 
“Caspian?” said Larry without looking up. 
Most employees had already gotten off work by that time. Except for Caspian, no one else would head back to the company after ending work. 
“It’s me,” a bitter voice rang out. 
Instantly, Larry stopped whatever he was doing and looked up. 
“Why are you here?” he asked bluntly. 
What else? Of course I’m here to provoke you! Jake rubbed his hands together, his expression full of evil.
“Are you happy now that Joan’s back?” he asked, sounding mysterious. 
What’s that got to do with him? Larry snorted coldly and ignored him as he continued to organize his belongings. 
“I have something else to do. Bye,” said Larry as he turned to go. 
“Larry!” Jake suddenly shouted fiercely, his tone cold. 
Larry instantly stopped in his tracks as if he were waiting for something. 
“Are you sure you know exactly what Joan’s been doing recently?” he said, a hint of playfulness in his tone. 
Larry then turned around, looking at him questioningly. What could she have done? She definitely wouldn’t do anything to harm others. 
Jake continued, “Where’s Della? Where did she go? How is she now? Are you really not the least bit concerned? Would you still turn a blind eye if Joan had set her up?” 
Immediately, alertness and anxiety flashed across Larry’s eyes. 
What does he mean? Does Joan have something to do with Della going abroad? 
“Did you know that Della almost died? Joan did that to her!” 
Upon hearing his words, Larry was stunned. 
“Don’t talk nonsense! Joan wouldn’t harm her even if she were overseas!” he shouted. 
He knew that Joan would never do anything against her conscience.
“Do you really think Joan’s a good person? You’re wrong then! You probably still don’t know about what she did abroad…” 
Jake spoke so eloquently and confidently that Larry almost believed his words. 
“You’d better go home and ask her about what exactly she did to Della. Also, she’s probably very clear about what kind of dangerous situation Della’s in right now.” 
For some reason, Larry felt very anxious then. Did Joan really do something stupid? He clenched his fist, trying to suppress his emotions. 
“By the way, you’re really amazing! Congrats on getting Norton Corporation into the fashion industry,” said Jake as he clapped his hands and walked out of the office. 
Larry suddenly felt very lost and confused. 
He knew nothing about what Joan previously did overseas. Moreover, he did not expect that Della had directly gone to Joan. 
Everything seems a little too coincidental. 
Lost in thought, Larry stared into the dark sky outside and sighed, his expression sad and hurt. If Joan really hurt Della, what should I do? 
Ring, ring, ring… 
All of a sudden, his phone rang. 
He immediately picked up after glancing at the caller’s name. 
“It’s getting late, Larry. When are you coming back?” Joan asked.
“Go to bed first. I’m working overtime tonight. Recently, the company…” he said helplessly, looking for an excuse. 
Working overtime again? As Joan stared at the phone in her hands, her eyes dimmed with disappointment. 
Is he purposely avoiding me? Upon having that thought, her heart skipped a beat as her breath seemed to stop. She wanted to say something else but did not know what to say.
###Chapter 2727
Chapter 2727 
Keep Your Wife In Line 
“Don’t overwork yourself then…” she said. 
The pair exchanged a few more simple words before hanging up. 
I have to figure some things out first. Larry placed his phone on the table then lit a cigarette as he pondered. 
A long while later, he picked up his phone again and gave Della a call. 
“Hello?” Her voice sounded rather weak. 
He blew out a puff of smoke then asked softly, “Where are you?” 
“The hospital,” she replied calmly, as if nothing had happened. 
Upon hearing her reply, his body unconsciously trembled. 
“Why are you in the hospital?” he asked, testing the waters. 
“I was harmed by someone. My body’s not feeling good,” she replied plainly. However, anger had long risen in her heart. Damn you, Joan! I’d never have become like this if it weren’t for you! 
“Harmed by who?” he asked. He put out his cigarette as he waited for a reply. 
“Aren’t you asking the obvious? Just tell me why you’re looking for me,” she said impatiently. 
“It’s nothing. I just wanted to ask when you’d be back.”
Go back? Why should I? What would I do back there? Watch you and that woman be affectionate? Or let myself be left alone with no one to care about me? What a joke! 
“I don’t want to go back. Otherwise, when I really lose my life, I won’t even know how it happened,” she said, her voice mixed with some helplessness and inquiry. 
Did Joan really hurt her? Larry clenched his fist tightly, feeling very uneasy. He was hollow-eyed and felt exhausted by the situation. 
“How are you now?” he asked worriedly. 
Of course, his concern was merely that of a friend’s. 
“You don’t need to care about me. Just keep your wife in line!” 
Her words left Larry feeling very uncertain. 
“Della, tell me. Was it actually Joan who harmed you?” he asked anxiously. 
“Why don’t you ask her? Will she dare to tell you the truth? Even if I speak the truth, you won’t believe me anyway. Am I wrong?” As soon as she was done, she immediately hung up the phone. 
I clearly don’t have any place in his heart, but he still acts as though he cares about me. Della pounded on the hospital bed as she pressed her lips together. Her eyes started to well up with tears. 
I’m clearly countless times better than Joan, but he gave me up for that woman! 
Meanwhile, Larry, who had just been hung up on, looked at his phone as he was lost in thought. 
Why did you do such a stupid, silly thing, Joan? He stared out the window, sighing with a look of helplessness on his face.
After a long time, he then slumped onto the table and closed his eyes… 
The next day, sunlight shone through the windows into the office, bringing warmth. 
Larry stretched as he woke up, yawned, then massaged his temples in an attempt to wake himself up. 
“You’re awake?” Joan suddenly greeted softly as she walked in. 
“Hm? Why are you here?” he asked, surprised to see her. 
He hoped that she was not the person who harmed Della. 
“You were working overtime last night. I was afraid you’d be hungry, so I made you breakfast,” she replied gently, placing the food on the table. 
Larry was touched by her actions. 
As usual, she’s so kind and considerate. But why would she do that to Della? He was still unable to figure it out. 
“Have you eaten?” he asked caringly. 
“Yeah. You should eat,” she replied with a smile. 
Without raising his head to look at her, he ate, then asked testingly, “When you were overseas previously, did you go through everything by yourself?” 
Why’s he suddenly asking me this? Although she raised her head at that question, Joan did not look directly at him.
###Chapter 2728
Chapter 2728 
What Exactly Do You Want To Say 
If I said that I was always together with Dustin, would he get angry? Forget it. I’d better tell the truth. He’ll find out sooner or later anyway. 
“No, I was always with Dustin and Abelyn,” she replied carefully, fearful that he might misunderstand her. 
Larry paused, then nodded without any expression on his face. 
“That’s all? There was only the three of you?” 
Yeah. If not? Who else would there be? Oh right, there was Della, but we only met her by accident, so I probably don’t need to say that. 
“Joan, you know that I love and trust you a lot.” 
He spoke with a neutral and calm tone. 
I know! I’ve always known how you felt about me. It’s just that sometimes, I do waver. 
“Did Della find you?” 
Larry placed his breakfast down on the table, carefully studying the person in front of him. There was a look full of blame in his eyes. 
“Yes,” she replied simply. It was a fact after all. 
“Then? What happened after that?” he asked.
Then the three of us escaped! No, wait. What does he mean? If he’s asking out of concern for me, why’s he speaking in such a tone? He’s clearly interrogating me right now. 
“What exactly do you want to say, Larry?” she asked directly. 
Joan was not one to beat around the bush and did not like to play tricks with others. She was someone who got straight to the point and would not avoid the topic. 
“Why did you hurt Della?” 
He gave off a cold aura, causing her to unconsciously move back a little. However, her stepping back was seen as a guilty confession in Larry’s eyes. 
So he’s actually suspicious of me. How ridiculous! She sneered. Does he actually suspect that I hurt Della? I’m already very thankful as long as she doesn’t come to find trouble with me. Why would I harm her for no reason? 
“I believe you didn’t do it on purpose, right?” 
Larry’s voice was small and weak. He seemed extremely reluctant to admit that she had been involved. 
Looking at her beloved, Joan continually shook her head. There was disappointment in her gaze. 
Larry. My ex-husband. My future husband. 
“There’s nothing for me to explain. I still have something on. Goodbye,” she said, then turned and left. 
A few hours later, Joan had met up with Jessica for some drinks. “What happened to you?” Jessica asked worriedly with an anxious gaze. 
For some reason, she could feel that something had happened between the couple again.
“I’m fine,” Joan replied resignedly as she sipped on her alcohol. 
How would I even explain this? It’s been so many years, but he’s still doubting me. How laughable! She then downed the entire glass. 
“Joan!” Suddenly, Jessica snatched the glass from her hands. 
When Joan looked up at her with a bitter look in her eyes, Jessica was surprised. 
“Give it to me!” Joan said fiercely, without a trace of warmth in her tone. 
“No!” Jessica replied firmly. I need to figure out what happened between them. I have to! 
“Tell me, did Larry hurt you?” she asked carefully, patting Joan on the shoulder. 
So what if he did? Can she even help me to deal with him? Joan snorted coldly, her expression disdainful. 
“It’s got nothing to do with you,” she said, then picked up a bottle of wine and drank directly from it. 
Is she crazy? She’s drinking directly from the bottle! 
“Stop drinking!” Jessica yelled displeasedly as she tried to grab the bottle in Joan’s hands. 
“Shut up! I called you so that you’d drink with me. You’re not here to stop me from drinking!” Joan glared coldly at her.
###Chapter 2729
Chapter 2729 
Drink Till We Drop 
Jessica was stunned upon seeing the state that she was in. 
She had never seen Joan ruin herself in such a manner before. Furthermore, she had never seen her so dispirited. What exactly happened? Puzzled, Jessica stared suspiciously at her. 
“Joan, tell me what exactly happened between Larry and you,” she said gently as she stroked Joan’s hair. 
Uncaring that there were others around her, Joan suddenly cried, “That idiot actually suspects me! I feel so upset!” 
Instantly, Jessica understood. It looks like something really happened between them. 
Without any further hesitation, she then took out her phone and called Larry. 
“What’s going on, Larry? Joan just got back, but you’ve already made her upset? Why are you always so petty? All she did was hang out with Dustin for a few days…” 
Jessica had spoken very rudely and with a bad attitude. As a result, Larry became stunned by the situation. 
“What are you saying, Jessica?” he asked suspiciously in a blunt tone. 
“I said that you’re too narrow-minded. Joan and Dustin are merely friends. Do you have to interrogate her like that every day…”
Clearly, before she even fully understood what happened between the couple, she had made her own assumptions and called him. 
Therefore, he knew that she had wronged him and did not continue the conversation any further. 
“Okay, I still have a lot to deal with here. I’ll talk to you later,” he replied before hanging up the phone. 
Who does he think he is? He’s so rude! She scowled as a flicker of coldness flashed across her eyes. 
Turning back to Joan, Jessica raised her glass and said, “Cheers, Joan! Tonight, I’ll drink with you as much as you want!” Then, she downed the entire glass. 
Looking at how enthusiastic she was being, Joan smiled. “I knew you were loyal! We’ll drink till we drop tonight!” 
Just like that, in one corner of the bar, the two women continuously shouted, drank, sang, and complained… 
No one else understood their bad mood at that moment, and no one went over to have a drink with them. 
“Don’t be angry with Larry. He’s just impulsive sometimes. Don’t mind him…” said Jessica as she hiccupped. 
Joan sneered as she studied Jessica’s expression. She looked a little drunk. 
“Who cares about him? I’m so happy right now. Why should I think unhappy thoughts…” 
Then, they started another round of drinks. 
Unknowingly, a long time had passed before both women were so drunk that they slumped onto the table and closed their eyes.
When they next woke up, it was already the next day. Joan rubbed her eyes, feeling very tired. 
“Wake up, Jessica,” she said, gently nudging her awake. 
“Don’t touch me. Let me sleep a little longer,” she muttered impatiently, shaking off Joan’s arm. 
Outside, the sun had long risen. 
Looks like we went a little too crazy again yesterday! Joan tidied her clothes as she waited for her friend to wake up. 
A long while later, Jessica finally stretched and yawned, slowly opening her eyes. 
“It’s morning,” she murmured tiredly. 
It was morning a long time ago! Joan then glanced over at her with a serious expression. “Come on, let’s hurry home,” she said, about to pull Jessica away from the bar. 
“Don’t. Why are you so anxious? Let me rest for a while,” said Jessica, as she moved to lie on the sofa leisurely. 
“Stop it, Jessica. You should hurry home. Caspian will be worried,” Joan reminded her. 
So what? I just have to explain it to him clearly. Acting as if she had not heard anything, Jessica closed her eyes again, enjoying a rare opportunity for relaxation.
###Chapter 2730
Chapter 2730 
Mistrust 
“Then I’ll take my leave.” 
As Joan was about to go, Jessica held on to her arm firmly. 
“Joan, don’t go. Accompany me for a while more,” requested Jessica brazenly. 
“Stop playing around. You should go home.” 
“What’s the hurry? We have more than enough time. Look!” Jessica pointed to the watch on her wrist. A look of excitement appeared on her face. 
“So, what’s up with you and Larry?” She continued the topic of discussion from last night. 
“Larry and I? We’re fine, don’t worry. There’s really nothing going on between us at the moment.” 
Joan was kind of speechless at Jessica’s enthusiasm toward her. Why is she so interested about my affairs with Larry? 
“Come on, Joan. Let me take you home,” said Jessica. She started to pull on Joan’s arm to get her to leave the nightclub. 
“I don’t want to go home!” Joan suddenly cried out in agitation. 
Jessica was taken aback by her unexpected outburst. Where does she intend to go if she doesn’t want to go home? 
“You should head back first. I’d like to take a stroll on the beach…”
“I’m coming with you!” Jessica hastily interrupted Joan before she could finish her sentence. 
Joan stared at her for a few seconds. She didn’t say anything and turned to leave without waiting for Jessica. 
Pulling herself together, Jessica immediately ran after Joan and followed her. 
Holy cow! Larry must have done something that greatly upset Joan! The more she thought about, the more uneasy and worried she felt. 
After some time, the two women arrived at the beach. 
“Joan, your alcohol tolerance is getting better.” Jessica purposely started a conversation to get Joan talking. 
She only knew that Joan was troubled because of Larry. However, she didn’t know what exactly went on between them as Joan didn’t tell her anything. 
“Is it?” Joan replied absent-mindedly. She was gazing at the nearby sea. 
“Joan, if you think of me as a good friend, you can tell me all about it.” Jessica offered with sincerity. 
She genuinely wanted to help Joan ease the pain that she was feeling. Joan turned to look at her. A smile slowly formed on her face, there was a hint of comfort in her eyes. 
“Della was hospitalized. Larry suspected that I hurt her,” Joan answered impassively. 
Upon hearing this, Jessica’s expression hardened. What does Joan have to do with Della’s hospitalization? Besides that, didn’t Della already leave the country some time ago? 
“Della isn’t here,” reminded Jessica with a serious face.
“The reason she went overseas previously was to find me. I was with Dustin and Abelyn at that time…” 
Joan took a trip down memory lane, which brought up painful memories. She wanted so much to forget that period of torment. She wanted to stay away from Della as far as possible. However, the reality was always cruel. 
“And then? Larry suspected that you were the one who hurt Della?” Jessica exclaimed with disbelief. Her voice instantly shot up a few octaves. 
“That’s right.” 
Just what is going on with Larry? Why is he doubting the person he loves right now? Joan finally came back after an arduous journey. And this is what he’s up to now? 
On top of that, Della was always the one bullying Joan. Joan never did her any harm at all! 
Larry must have lost his mind! He isn’t even clear about the situation, and he started to suspect Joan blindly! 
“Let’s go, Joan. Let’s confront Larry about this!” She started dragging Joan away. 
“I’m not going back!” Joan stated bluntly. Anger coated each word that she uttered. 
Jessica could fully understand that she was deeply chagrined at that moment. 
“Joan, you need to clear the air and resolve the misunderstanding,” advised Jessica, wanting to help Joan resolve her issue. 
“There’s no need to do so. If he truly knows me and my character, what’s there to explain? I am utterly heartbroken that he did not trust me at all.”
Her frustrated rant was tinged with sadness and disappointment. 
Seeing the shattered look on Joan’s face, Jessica’s heart went out to her. She quietly took out her phone and dialed a number without hesitation. 
“What’s up?” Larry asked in a lazy and tired voice after picking up the call. 
“What do you mean what’s up? Larry, what kind of a man are you? You couldn’t protect the woman you love. Now you even have the audacity to suspect her!” Jessica shouted furiously over the phone without reserve.
###Chapter 2731
Chapter 2731 
The Incriminating Video 
Larry was alerted with a jolt. “Jessica, watch your tone!” 
He sounded slightly anguished as he countered Jessica’s accusation. 
“This is how I speak! Take it or leave it! I can’t believe you could be so foolish! You haven’t even looked into the matter, and you have already made your own presumptions…” 
She lashed out like a Gatling gun without considering Larry’s feelings and hung up right away. 
In his office, Larry looked at the phone in his hand. A look of frustration appeared on his face. 
“What’s wrong, Larry?” Caspian walked in while yawning simultaneously. 
“Where’s your girlfriend?” He looked up and inquired sternly. 
Jessica? Caspian’s head tilted to one side as he recalled the events of the previous day. Oh yeah… Jessica didn’t come home last night! 
“She might be at the bookstore. She’s kind of busy lately.” Caspian answered steadily as if nothing out of the ordinary happened. 
“She’s with Joan!” Larry lowered his head and continued skimming the document next to him. 
Huh? Why did she go look for Joan? Caspian’s features scrunched up in confusion. 
“What’s the matter, Larry? Did Jessica get herself into trouble?” He asked with concern.
“No. It’s just that she spoke a little too rashly.” Larry answered indifferently while staring at his computer screen. 
Caspian sighed. He was a little dismayed. Actually, he had gotten used to Jessica’s impulsive nature. 
“How’s Della?” Larry raised his head, hoping to hear some good news from the person before him. 
Caspian hesitated a little, then slightly shook his head awkwardly. 
Della didn’t seem to be in good shape. 
“But Larry, do you really believe everything that Ms. Duff said?” 
Caspian could not wrap his head around it. 
No matter what others may say, I absolutely do not believe that Joan would hurt Della! 
If someone told me that Della picked on Joan, I would believe them. But Joan hurting Della? Ridiculous! 
Based on his impression of Joan, she was gentle, kind, beautiful, and generous. She did not seem like the type of person who would stoop down to that level. 
“I don’t know.” 
Larry turned his head toward the window. He squinted his eyes and peered at the scenery outside; he was in a daze. 
Should I really trust Della? Then again, the video clip that she sent to me didn’t seem to be fabricated! 
“Can you please go out? I need some time alone.”
Larry waved his hand at Caspian and his eyes dimmed. 
Della had indeed sent Larry a video some time ago. It was an edited video showing Joan hurting Della. 
At the seaside, the atmosphere was serene with the soothing sea breeze and the undulating waves that glimmered. 
However, unlike her peaceful surroundings, Joan’s heart was in turmoil. She was on edge and strung up. She did not know whether Larry had any plans to resolve this whole issue, but she really didn’t feel like talking to him. 
Jessica looked at her with concern. She heaved a long sigh and did not say anything because she had no idea how to make things better. After a long time, she suddenly stood up and walked to one side with her phone. 
“Caspian, just what is going on with Larry?” Jessica asked in exasperation. 
“I have no idea as well,” answered Caspian innocently. 
“You are with him every single day. How could you not know anything? You’ve got to be kidding me!” 
Caspian hesitated. Well, it’s true that I am with Larry day in and day out most of the time. However, I don’t always comprehend what is going on in his mind. 
“How’s Joan? Is she okay?” Caspian asked with worry. 
“How can she be okay with what’s going on? Tell Larry to come and apologize to Joan! He better not accuse Joan of hurting Della again. I don’t f*cking believe that Joan would do something so despicable and underhanded!” 
Oh no, Jessica is really enraged!
“Jessica, please calm down. Don’t be rash…” 
“I don’t care! Do something!” 
She did not wait for Caspian to reply and straightaway ended the call. 
Why is she so agitated all of a sudden? Looking at the sleek surface of his phone, Caspian was at a loss about what to do. 
“Joan, don’t you worry. I will make Larry apologize to you!” Jessica proclaimed firmly.
###Chapter 2732
Chapter 2732 
I Am Fine 
Apologize? Joan’s eyes flashed with contempt. 
Meanwhile, Larry was busy with work and had no time for other matters. Caspian paced outside the office for a long time as he couldn’t gather the courage to enter. 
Inside Abelyn’s villa, Dustin was sitting on the sofa in the living room, feeling depressed. 
“What’s wrong? Missing Joan?” Abelyn probed. 
“Nonsense, I’m just worried about her.” 
B*llshit! What’s the difference? Filled with disdain, Abelyn gave him the side-eye. 
Men, they always refuse to admit their feelings. It’s so obvious that he hasn’t let go and yet, acts as if he doesn’t love her anymore. 
“Go and see her then!” Abelyn shouted. 
Briefly stunned, Dustin was hesitant about it. He did want to see Joan but was worried Larry might misunderstand. 
He had changed indeed. Being a lot more mature now, he no longer wanted to fight Larry to the death over Joan. 
He finally understood that loving someone didn’t mean that he must have her. On the contrary, all that mattered to him was that the person he loved was happy. That was all he needed to be happy too.
“Go!” Abelyn raised her voice on purpose as she gave him a frustrated look. What is he thinking about? He is obviously in love with Joan but doesn’t try and fight for her. 
“I can’t see her,” Dustin replied plainly. 
Why not? Both of them aren’t married, so what’s wrong with just being friends? Angered by his response, Abelyn gave him an angry look. 
“Dustin, are you even a man? I have never seen anyone as cowardly as you!” 
Bam! Abelyn slammed the door as she left. 
She can say whatever she wants, be it calling me useless or a coward. But no matter what, I can’t cause trouble for Joan anymore. 
Meanwhile, by the seaside, the two ladies stared blankly at the sea in silence, immersing themselves in the quiet atmosphere. 
Ring! Ring! Suddenly, Joan’s phone rang. 
Without any hesitation, she ended the call right away. 
However, it continued to ring again. Feeling exasperated, Joan put it on speaker. 
“Joan, where are you?” 
The voice over the phone demanded. 
“Say something! Are you trying to worry me sick?” Abelyn bellowed. 
“What are you shouting for? We’re at the beach!” Jessica, who was sitting beside her, yelled back in exasperation.
She was already in a bad mood. But after being shouted at by Abelyn, her mood deteriorated further. 
“I…” 
Doo… Doo… Doo… 
Before Joan could say a word, Abelyn ended the call. 
At that moment, she was already heading toward the beach. 
“Joan, do you not want to see Abelyn?” Joan asked warily. 
“It’s not that, I just don’t want others to be affected by my mood,” she replied glumly. 
When she saw how sad Joan was, Jessica lowered her head in response. No matter what happened, she would side with Joan despite the fact that Larry was her godbrother and benefactor. 
Before they knew it Abelyn appeared in front of them. 
With a conflicted expression, Abelyn exclaimed in a panting voice, “Aren’t both of you being sneaky by meeting behind my back?” 
“How dare you accuse us of going behind your back? We have nothing to hide, alright?” 
When Jessica and Abelyn were together, an argument would always ensue. 
When she saw how depressed Joan looked, Abelyn stopped fooling around. 
“Joan, sigh, what’s wrong? Is something bugging you?” Abelyn asked softly while prodding her. 
“I’m fine!” Joan stretched herself as she gradually stood up.
Turning to face Abelyn, she collected herself and asked, “Tell me, why did you want to see me?” 
Nothing! I just wanted to see if you were alright. Patting Joan on her shoulder, Abelyn winked at her and giggled.
###Chapter 2733
Chapter 2733 
Why Is He So Blunt 
“Do you gals want to go for barbeque?” Abelyn gave both of them a mischievous look. 
“Yes!” 
“Yes!” 
Joan and Jessica agreed in unison. 
Evidently, the three of them had a common interest that served to bring them closer together. 
“So whose treat is it today?” Abelyn asked cheekily while pointing at Joan and then shifting her finger to Jessica. 
“I’m buying!” Suddenly, a male voice rang out from behind them. 
How strange? Didn’t he decide not to come? Abelyn looked curiously at Dustin who was approaching them. It seems he really can’t let go of Joan. 
“Fine! It’s your treat then!” Jessica exclaimed in delight as she pointed at Dustin. 
“There’s no need to hold back, just eat whatever you want!” Dustin declared excitedly. 
Just being able to see Joan was more than enough for him. 
Soon, the four of them arrived at a barbeque restaurant. 
The moment they stepped in, Jessica and Abelyn began to get busy.
They didn’t want to eat the food prepared by the chef. Instead, they preferred to cook it themselves. 
“Hey, do you gals even know how?” Dustin asked skeptically with his eyebrows furrowed. 
“No!” 
“No!” 
Abelyn and Jessica replied in unison. 
“It’s not difficult to learn,” Joan added. 
When the three of them were together, a ruckus would always ensue. 
In a blink of an eye, they had brought out all the food and equipment, ignoring the fact that the sun was setting. 
“Are you gals planning to spend the night here?” Dustin blinked as he asked out of curiosity. 
“Don’t just stand there, help us carry the stuff!” Abelyn gave Dustin a shove. 
The restaurant boss was amused when he saw how busy they were. 
“You guys are really hardworking!” He yelled in delight as he waved at them from the storefront. 
“Boss, come join us!” Jessica warmly invited him. 
The boss then walked toward them excitedly. 
“Let me teach you how to grill properly!” Just as he spoke, he grabbed a chicken wing from the side. 
Abelyn watched with admiration when she saw how skillful the boss was. They say that only men who love to cook are good men. It appears this restaurant boss certainly knows how to live it up.
“Come, help me sprinkle some pepper on them. You can’t underestimate the difference a little pepper makes…” the boss explained while demonstrating. 
Soon, Jessica and Abelyn got the hang of it and had started cooking. 
“Are you sure your cooking is edible?” Dustin asked as he leaned into Abelyn’s ear. His eyes were filled with skepticism. 
“Why not? Dustin, do you have a death wish?” Abelyn pretended to threaten him with the spatula she was holding. 
“Nonono, I’m just joking,” Just as he spoke, he quickly moved away. 
“Assh*le, how dare he doubt my cooking skills,” Abelyn grumbled as she cooked. 
Just as expected, darkness soon fell but their gathering became livelier. 
Dustin had assumed that the three ladies would fail to barbeque properly. But in the end, they succeeded in making a delicious meal. 
“Abelyn, give me the chicken wing!” Dustin yelled in laughter as he seemed to be having a good time. 
Damn it! Is he actually addicted to them now? Looking at him, Abelyn couldn’t help but feel delighted. 
Puffing her chest, she declared proudly, “How about it? Isn’t my cooking delicious?” 
“It really is delicious. But, I think it’s more because the boss’ marinade is fantastic, isn’t it?” Dustin asserted while smacking his lips. 
Why is he so blunt? Abelyn’s expression darkened as she stared at him.
Meanwhile, Joan was still busy cooking and seemed oblivious to everything else that was going on. 
When he saw Joan’s serious expression, Dustin couldn’t help but smile. In the end, Joan is still the more attractive one. Looking at her, his eyes were filled with affection. 
“Enjoying the sights?” Abelyn leaned into his ear and asked softly.
###Chapter 2734
Chapter 2734 
Some Space To Calm Down 
“Definitely,” Dustin affirmed with a nod as he watched Joan from afar. 
“More so than the sight of me?” Abelyn asked on purpose with a hopeful look on her face. 
“Of course more than you, there’s no doubt about it.” 
His words irritated Abelyn at once. 
“Dustin, you liar!” Abelyn yelled as she threw a chicken wing in his direction. 
“Since when did I lie to you?” 
As both of them were chasing each other, the scene became quite chaotic. 
Why are they causing a ruckus again? Staring at both of them from afar, Joan beamed with delight. 
In truth, it would be wonderful if Dustin and Abelyn could be together. 
“Joan, do you think Abelyn will marry Dustin?” Jessica asked. Feeling nosy, her eyes would occasionally sweep in their direction. 
“I don’t know.” 
Joan’s answer was concise. 
Nevertheless, she was confident Dustin and Abelyn would make a good couple. 
Soon, both of them were heading over.
“Joan, how is it? Are you done?” Abelyn asked in anticipation. 
Turning around to face Abelyn, Joan quickly replied, “Give me two more minutes and dinner will be served.” She knew that Abelyn was really hungry. 
However, they were unaware that someone was taking pictures of them in the shadows. 
Meanwhile, at Norton Corporation, Larry looked tired as he was still in the office going through some documents. Putting down his pen, he massaged his temple in an attempt to keep himself awake. 
Ding! Suddenly, he received a notification on his phone. 
When he checked, he was stunned by the picture he received. In it, Joan and Dustin seemed to be having fun together. However, he didn’t know who had sent it. 
“Larry!” Caspian barged in with an anxious look. 
Raising his gaze at Caspian, Larry asked coldly, “What’s going on? What happened?” 
“Nothing much. It’s just that Joan isn’t home yet.” Caspian’s reply was concise. 
Larry lit up a cigarette and began smoking. 
Just as he expected, Joan would be constantly out in recent days and it wasn’t hard to guess that she would be with Dustin. 
“I understand.” 
Larry’s short answer caught Caspian by surprise.
The Larry of old would be infuriated by such news. But now, he was calm as a cucumber. Deep down, Caspian could feel a sense of unease. 
“Perhaps, Joan is busy with something,” Caspian suggested hesitantly. 
It was Delilah who had informed him that Joan wasn’t home. The reason he was so anxious was that he couldn’t contact both Joan and Jessica, causing him to worry. 
“Larry, why don’t I send men to search for her?” Caspian probed in a hopeful manner. 
“No, both of us need some space to calm down,” Larry replied plainly with a wave. 
Calm down? Why the need to calm down? Caspian sighed at Larry before gradually leaving his office. 
By informing Larry that Joan wasn’t home, Caspian thought Larry would look for Joan and reconcile with her. But now, his efforts seem futile. 
With a helpless expression, Larry sat down on his office sofa. 
He had desperately wished for Joan to return and apologize for her mistake. But he was also well aware of how stubborn she could be. 
Perhaps, she really hates Della. 
After not being able to contact Jessica and Joan, Caspian scrolled through his address book and called Nancy instead. 
“What did you say? Larry and Joan are having a fight again?”
###Chapter 2735
Chapter 2735 
Everyone Except Larry 
Nancy’s tone was one of surprise. She had never expected the so-called loving couple to have such frequent arguments. 
“Where’s Joan now?” Nancy asked. 
“I don’t know. That’s why I’m calling you to help find her.” Caspian pleaded. 
Caspian had never liked to beg anyone. But since he asked this of her, she appreciated the fact that he didn’t treat her as a stranger. 
Nancy was putting on her makeup when she replied, “Alright, I understand, I’ll go look for her.” 
Just as she spoke, Nancy ended the call. 
Della must be behind this again. Wearing a pair of platform heels, she stomped her way out of the villa. 
“Where are you going?” Jory yelled from afar, sounding upset. 
“I’m going out for a while. I’ll be back soon.” Just as she spoke, she turned and left. 
Jory’s expression darkened as he watched the car leave the villa. 
The next moment, Nancy checked her social media account and saw that Jessica’s last location was at the beach. 
These girls have so sense of sisterhood at all! How dare they not invite me to their delicious barbeque. 
Soon, Nancy’s car arrived by the beach.
“Hey!” she called out to the group from afar. 
However, they didn’t seem to notice her presence. 
“Are you having fun?” Dustin asked excitedly as he raised his hand. 
“Yes!” Abelyn replied while slapping his hand in return for a high five. 
It wasn’t until Nancy appeared in front of them that they began to quieten down. 
“Joan, why are you here?” Nancy asked anxiously, holding her stomach. 
“I’m surprised to see you here. We’re just having barbeque,” Joan explained at once. 
Nancy felt awkward when she saw that everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. 
After glancing at Dustin, Abelyn, and then at Jessica, her eyes flashed with curiosity. 
Nancy walked up to Joan and suggested in a worried tone, “Joan, let’s go home, Delilah and Lucius miss you.” 
That’s right, only Larry doesn’t miss me. Joan snorted in displeasure. 
“Don’t worry, I’ll head back later,” Joan replied impatiently as she waved her hand. 
Nancy leaned into her ear and probed, “Joan, are you and Larry having a fight again?” 
“No,” Joan replied calmly. 
It doesn’t qualify as a fight. We’re only giving each other the cold shoulder. 
“Joan, you should clear the air with Larry…” Nancy continued to persuade her.
“There’s no need to.” Joan tone was sharp. 
She didn’t want any more trouble. If Larry trusted her, it was well and good. If not, she had nothing more to say about it. 
Worried that something would happen to Joan, Nancy escorted her home. 
“Ms. Barrymore, it’s been a long time. I’ve missed you so!” Just as he spoke, Lucius threw himself into Nancy’s arms. 
Damn, since when did this kid become such a sweet talker? Smiling delightfully, Nancy knelt down and stroked Lucius on his head. 
“Have you been good recently?” 
“Of course.” 
Both of them began to banter and laugh with each other. 
At the same time, Delilah pulled Joan aside and scrutinized her, as if trying to deduce what happened. 
“Joan, what happened to you? I called you so many times but why didn’t you pick up?” 
Delilah sounded worried. 
“Ms. Young, my phone was on silent mode, so I didn’t hear you calling,” Joan quickly found an excuse and answered dejectedly. 
Gently patting Joan on her shoulder, Delilah asked in a concerned tone, “Larry didn’t come home yesterday too. What happened to the both of you?”
“It’s nothing, Ms. Young. I’m going to get changed.” With that, Joan walked into her room.
###Chapter 2736
Chapter 2736 
I Cannot Sleep 
Meanwhile, Delilah sighed when she saw how happy Nancy and Lucius were playing together. Joan and Larry had just reconciled and are now having another fight. It really does seem endless. 
“Grandma, what’s wrong?” Lucius asked as he gave Delilah a puzzled look. 
“It’s nothing, I’m going to prepare dinner. Nancy, do stay and join us…” 
“Sure, no problem!” Nancy readily agreed before Delilah even finished her sentence. 
“Ms. Barrymore, you really are easygoing!” Lucius gave her a thumbs-up to show his admiration. 
After glancing at Lucius and then at Joan’s room, Nancy began to feel uneasy. 
Suddenly, Lucius raised his head and asked, “Ms. Barrymore, is Mom in a bad mood recently?” 
Nancy was briefly stunned before regaining her composure. 
“She’s just tired recently.” She patted Lucius on the back with a smile. 
Lucius has grown up and knows how to show concern now. 
In her room, Joan was lying on her bed while staring at the ceiling, feeling depressed. She didn’t know if Larry was coming home tonight and wasn’t sure what his impression of her was. 
Knock! Knock! 
“Mommy, time for dinner,” Lucius called out from outside.
“Lucius, you guys go on without me. I’m too tired to eat…” she replied softly. 
Lucius’ expression darkened when he heard Joan’s words. 
“Mommy, what’s wrong? Did Dad bully you?” Lucius carefully probed. 
At that moment, Joan cleared her throat and got up. 
“Lucius.” She quickly opened the door and hugged him affectionately. 
“Dad didn’t bully Mom. It’s just that I have a lot on my plate at the moment.” 
Alright! When he saw how haggard Joan looked, Lucius hung his head as if he was in deep thought. 
“Time for dinner!” Delilah called out from the dining room. 
After that, mother and son headed to the dining room. 
Thump! Suddenly, the door opened. 
Is it Larry?” 
The few of them tilted their heads, trying to discern the noise outside. 
“Larry, is that you?” Delilah asked. 
“It’s me,” Larry replied plainly. 
“Have you had dinner? I just cooked…” 
“I’ve eaten.” After taking off his shoes, Larry entered his room, looking forlorn. 
“It’s nothing. He may just have been too tired,” Delilah explained as she served Lucius some meat.
However, Joan looked nervous as she didn’t know how she would face Larry going forward. 
After dinner, Nancy played with Lucius for a while before leaving. 
By that time, only Joan was left in the hall, watching television on the sofa. She looked as if she was engrossed in it. 
However, all she could think of was Larry’s forlorn silhouette. 
“Why aren’t you sleeping?” Delilah walked out as she yawned. 
“I can’t sleep. So, I’m going to watch for a while longer,” Joan answered awkwardly as she pointed to the LCD television. 
Is that so? Is it really because you can’t sleep? Delilah was puzzled as she looked at Joan skeptically. 
“It’s late. Go to bed soon.” 
“Alright, Ms. Young. Good night.” 
There were three rooms in Delilah’s house. One for herself, another for Lucius, and the last one were shared by Joan and Larry. Now that Larry was in the room, Joan didn’t feel like going in. 
“Go and get some sleep. I’m going out.” Larry emerged from the bedroom with a bag in hand. 
Where is he going? Joan gave him a puzzled look. 
“I’m going on a business trip. Also, just stay at home obediently and don’t cause any more trouble.” Larry’s tone was full of suspicion.
###Chapter 2737
Chapter 2737 
A Flower Shop 
Outraged, Joan glared at him. 
Since when did I cause any trouble? Or even do anything behind his back? This is preposterous! 
However, when she saw Larry’s silhouette moving further away, she couldn’t help but feel her heart ache. 
After turning off the television, she got up and headed for the bedroom. 
The next day, sunlight shone through the windows, filling the room with warmth. Lying in bed, Joan stretched herself before massaging her temple in an attempt to wake herself up further. 
“Mommy, it’s time for breakfast.” Outside, Lucius was knocking on the door and yelling. 
“Alright, coming!” 
After checking the surroundings, she realized the bag in the corner was gone. Mmm-hmm, Larry really has gone on a business trip. 
Joan didn’t know where he went for work and neither was she interested to know. 
As her relationship with Larry deteriorated recently, it opened up an opportunity for others instead. 
“Joan, have you and Larry made up?” Jessica gave her a concerned look. 
“No.” 
Joan’s answer was so plain that it sounded as if nothing had happened at all.
For some reason, Jessica suddenly felt uneasy. 
“Did you talk to each other recently?” Jessica asked on purpose. 
“No,” Joan replied with indifference. 
Despite her increasing concerns, Jessica didn’t show it in front of Joan. 
As for Caspian, who was beside them cutting fruits, had a serious look on his face. 
“Let me ask you something,” Jessica walked over and put a piece of apple into her mouth. 
“Did Larry really go on a business trip?” She didn’t understand why Larry had to go on one at this stage. 
After hesitating briefly, Caspian replied with conviction, “Of course he did.” 
However, Jessica quickly saw through his awkward reaction. 
“Caspian, tell me the truth.” She glared at him sharply. 
Caspian looked up and gave her an uneasy look. 
“I’m telling you the truth! Larry has gone on a business trip.” He pretended to be calm. 
B**llshit! Does he think I can’t tell when he’s lying? 
“If you don’t tell me the truth, I’ll move out of here.” 
Caspian was shocked by her words. He had heard that women were terrifying creatures, and now he finally knew why. 
“Don’t read too much into it, but Larry has gone to see Della,” Caspian feigned ignorance.
Just as expected, there was more to it than meets the eye. 
“Continue!” Jessica leaned by his ear, waiting in anticipation for him to elaborate. 
“Her father gave Larry a call, asking him to visit Della…” 
So that’s what happened. Jessica was well aware of how powerful Della’s family was. 
However, why did he lie? She didn’t understand that part. Was it so that Joan wouldn’t be jealous? 
Meanwhile, Joan was sitting on the sofa, flipping through a magazine calmly. She had hidden her emotions so well that only she knew she was faking it. 
“Joan, please have some fruits.” Just as she spoke, Jessica offered her some. 
“Sure, thank you.” 
As the three of them sat on the sofa, they chatted sporadically. The quiet surroundings simply accentuated the awkwardness of the situation. After glancing at Joan and then at Caspian, Jessica was visibly nervous. 
Suddenly, Joan looked up and uttered, “I would like to start a business.” 
What? Caspian and Jessica were stunned. 
Why does she want to start a business all of a sudden? Caspian gave Joan a puzzled look. 
In truth, Joan only wanted to keep herself occupied. 
What kind of business? 
“A flower shop,” Joan quickly answered. After all, she liked flowers, just like Delilah.
As Caspian and Jessica stared at Joan blankly, they waited in anticipation for the start of her plan.
###Chapter 2738
Chapter 2738 
We Will Support You 
Lifting her head, Joan asked the both of them seriously, “What do you guys think?” 
“Joan, no matter what you choose to do, we will support you.” Jessica’s tone was firm. 
In this world, love isn’t the only thing that’s noble. To be able to chase one’s passion is also considered a noble calling. 
“But Joan, have you made all the necessary preparations? The capital, management, etc…” 
“Don’t worry. I have given it some thought.” 
It seems she has walked out of her own shadow. Looking at Joan, Jessica couldn’t help but smile in satisfaction. 
As for the differences between Larry and Joan, no one else was able to interfere. Although Jessica had the urge to help them reconcile, she didn’t know if Larry had edited videos of Joan hurting Della. These were the same videos that caused Larry to feel as if he owed Della. 
Meanwhile, Delilah quickly found out about Joan’s intention to start a flower shop. 
“Joan, are you serious?” Delilah asked skeptically, worried that it was just a spur-of-the-moment decision. 
“Of course I am. Ms. Young, it has been my dream since young to start a flower shop…” Joan explained while she got herself busy. 
That’s wonderful! Delilah’s eyes were filled with excitement as she watched Joan.
Recently, Delilah didn’t concern herself too much with what was going on between Larry and Joan. After all, she knew that only both of them can solve their own problems. 
When Dustin and Abelyn knew Joan wanted to start a flower shop, both of them were so enthusiastic that they asked her out for lunch. 
“What’s the hurry?” Joan was panting after having run into the restaurant to meet them. 
“No hurry at all,” Abelyn replied cordially with a wave of her hand. 
Taking a sip of coffee, Dustin asked in surprise, “I heard you’re going to start a flower shop?” 
“Mmm-hmm. Yes, I am,” Joan nodded as she replied confidently. 
“Do you need my help?” Dustin sounded slightly worried. 
Joan shook her head with a smile. She understood Dustin’s intentions well but would not take advantage of it. 
“Have you found a shop yet? What about the rental? Or the location…” 
Abelyn bombarded Joan with so many questions that she was at a loss as to where to start. 
Given what an experienced businesswoman she was, this was very much expected of her. Looking at Abelyn, Joan suddenly felt a lot of admiration for her. 
“Don’t worry. Once the renovations are done, we can start operating at once.” 
For some inexplicable reason, Dustin was thrilled. 
“Call me if you have any problems.” His tone was filled with anticipation.
What kind of problems could there possibly be? Even if I faced any problems, I would solve them myself. 
At that moment, Larry was sitting on the sofa beside the bed, waiting for Della to wake up. 
“Ah…” Della groaned. 
“Larry? Why are you here?” she sat up quickly in surprise. 
“Your dad asked me to come and visit you as he is worried…” Larry replied carefully. 
“So, it’s my dad who got you to come.” 
Della hung her head in disappointment. Can’t he at least lie? Is it really so difficult to tell me that you missed me and were thinking about me? 
Heaving a sigh, Della turned and looked out the window, falling deep into thought. 
If it was Joan that was in the hospital, I’m sure he would be worried sick. 
“Are you feeling better?” Larry asked in a professional manner. 
“Yes, much better,” Della replied indifferently without looking at him. She was cognizant that he was not here on his own will. 
“Della, I would like to apologize to you on Joan’s behalf.” Just as he spoke, Larry bowed to her. 
What is he apologizing for? Enraged, Della turned around and gave Larry a surprised look.
###Chapter 2739
Chapter 2739 
Stay Away From Jake 
That’s right. The only one he cares about is Joan. 
“I don’t want to see you. Please leave,” Della snapped. 
If he hadn’t brought Joan up, she would still be willing to continue the conversation. 
“I’ve seen the video. Joan was behaving impulsively then. So, I hope that you can forgive her,” Larry pleaded. 
Forgive her? Impossible! Della sneered with her eyes filled with contempt. 
Indeed, Larry doesn’t know the truth behind the video yet. 
“Get Joan to apologize to me!” Della screamed as rage filled her eyes. 
Although Joan was involved in having her warded, she was still the root cause of her predicament. 
After Joan, Dustin, and Abelyn had left the hut that night, Della stayed back and struggled with the man. Somehow by accident, she hit her head on the wall and ended up the way she was. 
Hence, it wasn’t her original intention to blame Joan for hurting her as she hadn’t expected such an accident to occur. There was someone manipulating the events behind the scenes. 
“Della, when you’re feeling better….” 
“No!” Suddenly, she interrupted Larry with a scowl. 
When he saw how riled up she was, Larry stop talking mid-sentence.
“Larry, tell me, what is it about Joan that makes you love her?” Della questioned in indignance. 
What is it about her that I love? Squinting his eyes, Larry looked out the window at the pitch-black sky and fell into deep thought. 
I love everything about her. Her smile, cries, foolishness, innocence, naivety, kindness… 
Subconsciously, Larry broke out into a smile. 
Nevertheless, he would still be enraged by the thought of Dustin and Caiden. After all, jealousy was also a form of anger. 
“Love needs no reason,” Larry plainly commented. 
Staring at Larry from her bed, a cold glint flashed in Della’s eyes. 
“Alright, since you’re fine. I’ll take my leave then.” Just as he spoke, Larry turned to leave. 
Grabbing his arm, Della carefully asked, “Where are you going?” 
“Back to my country,” Larry replied with so much conviction that he left no room for doubt. 
Before he came, he told Joan that he was on a business trip as a precaution. But now that Della was recovering well, there was nothing for him to worry about anymore. 
Nevertheless, he wasn’t sure when Joan would come clean with him. Heaving a sigh, his face was filled with sadness. 
“Larry, is there really no chance for us to be together?” Della asked in tears.
“Della, we can be good friends and even business partners. But, we can never be lovers or husband and wife…” Della was nothing more to say given how serious Larry’s reply was. 
She assumed she could leverage on the accident to malign Joan in Larry’s eyes, so that he would throw himself at her. But now, it was obvious that the situation was not as simple as she had thought. 
“Rest well for now. As for the matters back home, I’ll help you deal with them.” 
Larry’s tone was calm and devoid of any emotion. 
“Will you not hold it against me?” Della carefully probed with her eyes fixated on him. 
Blame her? Larry snorted. The one I should be blaming is Jake. 
“I know you have been manipulated by someone else into doing this.” 
For some reason, Della was moved by the sight of Larry. However, she still couldn’t let go of her hatred for Joan. 
With a stern expression, Larry declared resolutely, “Della, let me give you a piece of advice. You should stay away from Jake as he is a really dangerous man.”
###Chapter 2740
Chapter 2740 
You Just Cannot Have Your Way 
Della was already well aware of that. 
“I know.” Della turned away from Larry. 
“Don’t do anything foolish anymore and just focus on taking good care of yourself. As for your differences with Joan, I hope you can resolve them peacefully.” 
After so many years, Larry was tired of the dog-eat-dog nature of the business world. By now, all he hoped for was for the people close to him to be safe. 
After watching Larry walk away, Della lowered her head. A terrifying look appeared in her eyes as she gritted her teeth. 
Her love for Larry would never change, just like her hatred for Joan would never disappear. 
But, is it really a good idea to work with Jake? Della began to have her reservations. 
After such a long time, she had gotten to know Jake better and naturally felt like backing out from their cooperation. 
Jake was heartless and cruel. Hence, he was willing to do anything to achieve his ives which were something Della couldn’t tolerate. 
She figured that there might be room for them to work together in business. But at a personal level, it was better not to. 
Della looked up at the ceiling and stared blankly at it.
Ring! Ring! 
Her phone rang on the table beside her. When she saw who it was, she answered it at once. 
“When are you coming home? Haven’t you messed around enough?” 
Over the phone, Della could hear her dad’s sharp tone. 
Thrusting her chin in the air, Della asked in defiance, “What is it? Is there something you want with me?” 
“Mmm-hmm. Indeed…” her dad replied casually. 
“What? A matchmaking session? No! I won’t go!” Just as she spoke, Della was about to end the call. 
“It’s not a matchmaking session. We’re all just gathering for a meal, that’s all. You must be there!” 
No one was allowed to challenge her dad’s ultimatum. 
“Dad, I don’t want to see them…” Della mumbled with an upset expression. 
“I know you don’t like them. But, you have to show your face at the very least.” With that, he ended the call. 
What’s wrong with him? Della’s eyes were filled with sadness as she glared at her phone. 
In recent years, her dad was constantly on the lookout for a suitable husband for her. However, none of them met her standards until she accidentally met Larry. 
Her dad was an experienced businessman and was naturally understanding. Aware that Larry loved someone else, he knew he couldn’t force Larry to marry his daughter. It was just that Della refused to
give up and insisted on marrying Larry. Hence, she ended up with her repeated schemes to steal Larry away. 
“Dad, why do you need me back so urgently? Is it really because of the dinner?” Della retorted with a pout. 
Looking at her intently, Della’s dad advised, “Della, you are my only child. You just can’t have your way all the time.” 
In truth, Della was aware of this point since she was young. 
She knew that she would one day inherit the family business. Also, she was cognizant that the business world was no different than a warzone. The only difference was that no blood was spilled. However, it was still filled with plots and traps. 
Della’s expression suddenly changed as she asked seriously, “Dad, must I really go?” 
“You must.” 
The tone of his reply caused Della to understand the gravity of the situation. Thereafter, she quickly ran upstairs and into her room. 
Although the dinner was not important to her personally, it was a crucial event for their family. 
Meanwhile, after Larry returned to the country, he didn’t go straight home. Instead, he went to Norton Corporation. 
At the office, he felt comforted by the fact that everyone there was busy working. 
It wasn’t too long ago when many of them were protesting against his decision to enter the fashion industry. Some even went as far as to quit.
###Chapter 2741
Chapter 2741 
I Am Really Busy 
As of today, the employees that were left were all his loyal followers. 
Caspian barged into his office and greeted him, “Larry, you’re back.” 
“Yes, I am,” Larry replied as he unpacked. 
“How is Ms. Duff? Is she better?” Caspian’s asked with a nosy glint in his eye. 
“She was doing well and will be fine.” Larry’s calm reply surprised Caspian. 
“Larry, could Ms. Duff have made a mistake?” 
“I still have work to do. You should head out first,” Larry interrupted him with a wave. 
When he saw how busy Larry was, Caspian quietly slipped out of the office. 
Since when did Caspian become so nosy? He hasn’t even resolved his own problems and yet tries to involve himself in mine. Looking at Caspian’s silhouette, Larry couldn’t help but shake his head. 
In truth, Larry was still waiting for Joan to explain herself over hurting Della. 
However, Joan was waiting for Larry to admit his mistake and reconcile with her. 
Despite having their respective dilemmas, neither of them was willing to express it. 
As Joan was busy setting up her flower shop, she had no time to think about other things. Hence, she didn’t even know that Larry had returned to the country.
Circling around the shop, Joan looked at Jessica and asked, “What do you think? Is it alright?” 
The moment Jessica stepped into the shop, she couldn’t take her eyes away from the centerpiece bouquet in front of her. 
“It’s gorgeous!” Jessica couldn’t stop repeating. 
“Joan, you’re really amazing!” Jessica clasped her hands together and looked on in admiration. 
“Nonono, I didn’t do this alone. I got a lot of help from Ms. Young,” she explained respectfully. 
Just as expected from someone who is an excellent gardener. Even the placement of the centerpiece was carefully considered. Jessica exclaimed to herself as she brush her fingers over the bouquet. 
“Do you like it? It will be my gift to you.” 
“Nono, Joan, I can’t accept it. They will die in my hands. It’s better to leave it here.” Jessica waved her hands to reject it. 
“Here I come!” 
Delilah greeted them as they approached. 
“Ms. Young, you seem delighted today,” Jessica commented with a smile. 
“That’s right. We will be having our opening tomorrow.” 
Scanning the surroundings, Jessica felt that they had done up the place quite well. Putting on a gentle expression, she heaved a sigh of relief. 
Pulling Joan aside, she carefully informed, “Larry is back, do you know?”
“What are the both of you whispering about? Are you worried that an old lady like me can hear your secrets?” Delilah asked with a curious smile. 
“Not at all, Ms. Young. I was just worried about disturbing you,” Jessica quickly explained so as to change the topic. 
Looking at Joan, she suggested anxiously, “Larry is at Norton Corporation. Aren’t you going to see him?” 
“What for?” Joan pretended not to care. 
“Joan, are you crazy? Now that someone has framed you. You must clear your name in the right way,” Jessica asserted sternly causing Joan to grow nervous. 
Turning around with her finger lifted, Joan insisted, “I’m not going. He can think whatever he wants. After all, I’m innocent.” 
“Joan oh Joan, can you just stop making a fuss?” 
“Who’s is the one making a fuss? Definitely not me. He was the one who started it!” 
Her words caused Jessica to be dumbfounded. 
In truth, it was indeed Larry’s fault. 
“Joan, why don’t you just give him a chance…” Jessica continued to persuade her as she pushed Joan’s arm. 
“I’m really busy as there’s a lot to do here in the shop. We’ll talk again when I’m done.” Joan’s expression was icy cold.
###Chapter 2742
Chapter 2742 
He Does Not Trust Me Still 
Looking at Joan, Jessica couldn’t help but sigh. They used to be doing alright. So, how did they end up like this? 
“Ms. Young, let me help you!” Just as she spoke, Joan ran toward Delilah. 
“Are you done with your gossiping?” Delilah teased her on purpose. 
“We’re not gossiping…” 
Inside the office, Caspian was reading a magazine restlessly while Larry furiously typed away on the keyboard. 
“Larry, it’s time to get off work,” Caspian murmured, worried that he would disturb Larry. 
“Mmm-hmm. You should head back first,” Larry answered right away without even looking up. 
“Aren’t you going to pick Joan up?” Caspian asked warily. 
“Where is she now?” Larry asked casually as he looked up at Caspian. 
“At the flower shop! She just opened one.” Caspian laughed heartily. After all, he was really happy for her. 
“Since when did she start running a flower shop? Why didn’t you tell me earlier?” Just as he spoke, Larry grabbed his jacket and ran out. 
“Give me the address!”
“Alright!” As he watched Larry leave, Caspian was greatly relieved. 
Soon, Larry arrived at the flower shop in his car. 
She really did start one. Looking at how beautifully decorated it was, Larry was filled with anticipation. 
Ding Dong! 
The doorbell rang. 
“Welcome!” Joan greeted warmly as she walked out. When she saw who it was, she was suddenly stunned. 
“Joan, what are you doing? Come and help, quickly!” Delilah yelled from the back. 
“What are you doing here?” Joan snapped. 
“I heard you opened a flower shop, so I’m here to take a look.” Larry walked right in. 
What’s there to see? It isn’t your shop anyway. At that moment, Joan didn’t forgive Larry while Larry was waiting for her explanation. 
“How’s business?” he asked casually as he took a seat. 
“We just started today,” she reminded him. 
“Aren’t you on a business trip? Why are you back so quickly?” There wasn’t a shred of emotion on her face. 
Does she think that there’s no need for her to explain what happened? Larry blinked as he stared at her.
“What are you looking at me like that for? Do I have flowers growing out of my face?” Joan sniped. 
Larry shook his head in silence. 
“Hey, Larry, you’re back,” Delilah exclaimed as she walked out. 
“Ms. Young.” Larry got to his feet at once to greet her. 
“Lucius was just complaining that he missed you yesterday.” Delilah beamed. Nevertheless, she quickly walked out of the shop once she felt the tension in the air. 
On the sofa, Larry and Joan exchanged glances in awkward silence. 
“Is there anything else? I’m busy.” Just as she spoke, Joan got up to leave. 
“Joan!” Suddenly, Larry extended his right hand to restrain her on the sofa. His eyes were deep, like a bottomless abyss. 
“Tell me what happened, alright?” Larry gently suggested. He wanted to clear the air calmly. 
“Fine. What do you want to talk about? Is it about me hurting Della?” Joan looked up at him defiantly. 
After a long pause, Larry finally got around asking, “Why did you do that to her?” 
He doesn’t trust me still! 
Bam! 
Outraged, Joan banged her hand on the table. 
“Larry, I will never do such a despicable thing. Even if you ended up marrying Della, so what? I’ll still carry on living as usual.”
###Chapter 2743
Chapter 2743 
Buying An Ice Cream 
She was enraged, causing Larry to be stunned. 
He didn’t expect to her to say such a thing at all. 
She doesn’t have faith in my love for her. 
“Joan, you obviously know that I won’t marry anyone else but you.” 
Suddenly, she shook his hand away and roared, “No, I don’t!” 
“Don’t come and bug me anymore, alright? Whatever that’s going on between you and Della, you should solve it yourself. Whether she lives or dies, it has nothing to do with me at all!” With that, Joan stormed out. 
Since when did she become so impulsive? Watching her busy herself, Larry clasped his hands while feeling uneasy. 
“Joan, why won’t you admit what you have done? Della has the evidence to prove it…” Larry continued as she went after her. His tone was filled with helplessness. 
She sprang to her feet and snapped, “Fine, show it to me!” 
After a slight hesitation, Larry took out his phone and showed her the video. 
So, that’s what happened. Watching the video on the phone, Joan suddenly understood everything. No wonder Larry didn’t believe me.
Comparatively, Larry was a calm and rational person. He wouldn’t easily trust anyone without solid evidence. 
“Haha…” Suddenly, Joan burst into laughter. 
Larry grew concerned when he saw her hysterical reaction. 
Grabbing her arms, Larry asked anxiously, “Joan, what’s wrong? Why are you laughing?” 
“Larry, this is not what happened! The truth is that she kidnapped me, and then an old man appeared…” Joan explained while laughing at the same time. 
I can’t believe Della twisted the facts! 
“Joan, tell me clearly what happened.” Larry began to feel nervous. 
“Larry, after being together for so long, have you ever seen me harm anyone? Do you still not trust who I am?” 
He was definitely aware of how kind a person she was. It was just that he needed to give Della and her family an explanation. 
“Is there something bugging you?” Joan asked warily all of a sudden. 
“No.” Larry shook his head with a smile. 
He believed everything Joan had said. However, he didn’t intend to let the matter end there. 
“There’s no need to investigate. Just let it rest,” Joan suggested helplessly. 
“No! Della wants to harm you and you cannot imagine how serious this matter is,” Larry explained.
He knew Della’s temperament very well. As long as she hadn’t achieved her ive, she would not give up that easily. 
It was the same for her in both business and her personal life. 
Tilting her head, Joan probed, “In that case, why don’t you just marry her?” 
“Joan, stop spouting nonsense!” Larry reprimanded. 
“She even called me to tell me that both of you are getting married and that she wanted me to be her bridesmaid…” 
Although she sounded nonchalant, Joan’s emotions had already gone through hell. 
“Alright, stop it!” Larry interrupted her angrily. 
Fine. I’ll stop it then. Putting down her tools, she headed to the break room. 
“Where are you going?” Behind her, Larry sounded worried. 
“Buying ice cream!” 
After all this time, she still loves ice cream. A smile broke out on his face. 
She hasn’t changed at all and has always been the same. 
Consequently, Larry made a call on his phone. “Help me investigate something…” 
He knew he needed evidence. 
As long as he could prove Joan didn’t hurt Della, her father would no longer put them in a spot.
“Hey, this one’s for you.” Just as she spoke, Joan handed Larry an ice cream.
###Chapter 2744
Chapter 2744 
I Want It 
After glancing at the one he loved and at the ice cream he was holding, Larry felt a sense of bliss. 
Ever since the misunderstanding between Joan and Larry was cleared up, their relationship improved significantly. Anyone who saw them would be envious. 
“Sigh, Joan, why don’t you and Larry get a room?” Jessica mumbled jealously. 
“Should we?” Joan asked as she stuffed a fruit into Larry’s mouth. 
“No,” Larry added with a smile. 
Watching them, Jessica could only shake her head with sigh. Damn these two. When they are fighting, they would be at each other’s throats. When they aren’t, they would stick together like glue. 
“It’s better if I leave. Your public displays of affection are too jarring for me.” Just as she spoke, Jessica stood up to leave. 
Joan caught up with her and pacified her, “Come on, don’t be like that. Why don’t we go shopping together?” 
“Really?” Jessica asked and she gave Joan a doubtful look. 
“Of course. Shall we go now?” Just as she spoke, Joan grabbed her bag. 
“Here.” Suddenly, Larry handed Joan a card. 
Joan was stunned. “I have money.”
“Just take it. Why make a fuss?” Jessica grabbed Larry’s card and ran out. 
Looking at her silhouette walking away, Larry couldn’t help but smile. Jessica may be fickle at times, but she will never come up short when it counts. 
With that, both women entered the mall. 
Inside the mall, it was filled with people who were shopping enthusiastically. 
“Hey, I’ll let you in on a secret. I just bought a limited edition bra. It’s really sexy.” 
“Really? What colour is it?” 
The women beside them chatted happily. After all, women do go crazy when shopping. But it seemed that they would be struck by a sense of regret. 
“What? Twenty thousand? Isn’t it a waste to spend so much on a bra?” 
“True. It does feel very expensive.” 
Standing right beside, Jessica glanced at them and then at Joan. With a nosy expression, she whispered in Joan’s ear, “Since they can’t afford it, why buy it in the first place?” 
It was the nature of women to compare themselves against each other. 
“Alright, alright, let’s just mind our own business.” Just as she spoke, she dragged Jessica out of the shop. However, they didn’t know what was in store for them. 
The lady who bought the twenty thousand bras went back right away. 
“I want to buy a tie for Caspian,” Jessica remarked as she walked into a men’s clothing store. Luckily, the store had the latest suits and ties on display. Hence, Jessica and Joan didn’t need to waste time
hunting around. 
“Does this look good?” Jessica asked Joan in delight. 
“Pretty good.” Joan nodded in agreement. 
Once they were done buying clothes for the men, they went back to the lingerie store, which was their favorite. 
Pointing at the bras on display, Jessica asked with a nosy expression, “Joan, what color do you like?” 
“What nonsense are you talking about?” Joan nudged Jessica’s arm in embarrassment. 
“What’s there to be shy about? We’re all women here.” A cheeky smile broke out on her face. 
Meanwhile, the lady who bought the expensive bra earlier sneaked back into the shop and put the bra back to its original place. 
“Hey! Joan, look!” Jessica exclaimed as she pointed at the shimmering bra. 
Joan turned around as saw the bra adorned with glittering diamonds and a sensuous-looking cut. 
Both the women were stunned. 
“I want it!” Jessica uttered in shock, ignoring the excited gaze of the one standing beside her. Finally, someone wants to buy this bra!
###Chapter 2745
Chapter 2745 
The Stolen Bra 
“Isn’t this expensive?” Joan casually commented while squirming her lips. 
“Sigh, Joan, you have to remember that you’re Larry’s girl. As his wife, you can never say the word ‘expensive’.” Just as she spoke, Jessica walked over. Pointing to the bra, she asked excitedly, “Miss, how much is this?” 
The lady standing beside the bra was stunned. She thinks that I’m one of the sales staffs. 
Taking a deep breath, the lady contained her anger and forced herself to smile. “Hello, Miss, this is a limited edition bra and costs twenty-five thousand.” 
Joan was stunned by what she heard. 
Twenty-five thousand? 
“Let’s just go, it’s too expensive.” Joan tugged at Jessica’s sleeve. However, Jessica didn’t feel it was expensive at all because she was born with a silver spoon. 
“I’ll take it!” Jessica declared. 
“Deal!” 
Very quickly, the transaction was settled. 
However, Joan and Jessica felt it strange when the staff wanted cash from them. Furthermore, she didn’t need them to go to the counter to pay, saying that it would save time.
“Wouldn’t there be any problems?” Joan asked Jessica in a worried tone. 
“I don’t think so. I come here often and know the staff well. Also, I’ve done this before but not with cash. This is the first time though.” Although they had their doubts, they didn’t think too much about it. Instead, they were delighted with the bra in their hands. 
“Caspian will definitely love this color.” 
When she saw how Jessica was swooning, Joan shook her head as she felt embarrassed on her behalf. Although it is expensive, all that matters is that she likes it and is happy with it. 
Just when they were about to leave, the sales attendant called out to stop them. Smiling cordially, she reminded, “Ms. Zimmer, you have yet to pay for that. Please come to the counter to do so.” 
Jessica tilted her at the sales attendant and asserted, “I just paid for it.” 
“Ms. Zimmer, I’m sorry. You haven’t. Perhaps, you have confused it with something else.” The sales attendant maintained her smile professionally. 
What’s going on? Can it be that the lady wasn’t one of the staff? 
Suddenly, Jessica and Joan were shocked. 
“Ms. Zimmer, actually, this bra has been sold. Where did you get it from?” The sales attendant gave both of them a puzzled look. 
What’s going on? Did we see a ghost? Jessica had a troubled expression on her face. 
“Erm, we did pay for it. Is this bra…” Joan helped Jessica explain the situation, worried that there would be any misunderstandings.
Very quickly, the staff checked the security cameras and verified that the lady who sold Jessica the bra didn’t work there. 
Jessica and Joan exchanged glances. It was beyond their wildest imagination that something like that could have happened. 
Meanwhile, the lady who sold the bra to them fled after leaving the store. 
“Stop!” Suddenly, an unfamiliar female voice called out to her. 
“Lucinda?” The woman in front stopped in her tracks. 
“How do you know my name?” 
“You don’t need to know that. All you should know is that I have a job for you and it pays very well…” 
Suddenly, Lucinda’s eyes sparkled in anticipation. 
Half an hour later, Lucinda found Jessica and Joan. Running over, she grabbed onto Joan’s arm and screamed desperately, “Help! Help!” 
“What are you doing?” Joan struggled to free herself as she looked at Lucinda angrily. 
“How dare you ask me about what I’m doing? Help! Help!” 
Soon, a crowd of female shoppers began to gather. 
“Everyone, please be my judge. I bought the bra but it was snatched from me by this woman just because her husband is someone powerful,” Lucinda screamed as she sobbed.
###Chapter 2746
Chapter 2746 
You Can Have It 
What sort of trap is this? Jessica glared at the lady skeptically. 
Finally, she managed to recall who the lady was. 
“Aren’t you the sales attendant who sold me the bra just now?” 
Jessica’s words put Lucinda on edge. 
“How dare you accuse me of being a sales attendant? I’m a white-collared worker, alright?” Lucinda shot a glare at Jessica. 
Is that so? Jessica had her doubts. 
No, this must be a plot! 
“Get up and tell the truth! Who are you and what do you want? Also, I was the one who bought the bra and it has nothing to with Joan. Do not cause trouble here!” Jessica’s fearsome tone struck fear into Lucinda who was hugging Joan’s thigh. 
I’m going all out! After all, she had already made such a big fuss. If she backed away now, she would not only be humiliated but also unable to claim her reward from the employer. 
“I’m a consumer! I’m also the bra’s owner! How can you snatch it from me just like that?” 
“But I paid you for it!” 
“No! You didn’t pay me!”
This must be a con! 
Jessica quickly understood that Lucinda was trying to scam them. 
“Ms. Zimmer, I know that you are a well-mannered person who won’t do something as despicable as this. Hence, it must be her that instigated you to do it, am I right?” Lucinda raised her voice while pointing at Joan. 
What the hell? What is she trying to do? At that moment, Jessica was puzzled. 
However, Joan realized that Lucinda was actually targeting her instead. 
It was just that she couldn’t for the life of her recall ever seeing Lucinda before. 
“Who sent you?” Joan knelt down and questioned her. 
“That’s none of your business. After all, you are at my mercy now!” Lucinda sneered. 
As the crowd grew larger, the commotion among them became louder. 
“Isn’t that Larry’s wife?” 
“What? That’s Larry’s ex-wife. They haven’t remarried. If they did, it would be a disgrace to him.” 
“How can Larry have fallen for such a despicable lady?” 
With dispassionate expressions, the ladies surrounding them made snide comments repeatedly. 
“Stop spewing lies! The truth isn’t like that at all!” Jessica dashed toward them and screamed. However, no one listened to her explanation and no one was willing to defend Joan. 
Lucinda looked at Joan with a smug smile on her face.
Somewhere nearby, Della was watching everything. Clenching her fists, a wicked glint sparkled in her eye. 
Joan, you are now a disgrace! 
Della stared at her with disdain. 
“The security feed. Let’s check the security feeds!” Just as she spoke, Jessica dragged Lucinda off the ground toward the lingerie store. 
Initially, she had assumed that Lucinda would back off out of fear. Contrary to her expectations, Lucinda stood up confidently and headed toward the store instead. 
For some reason, Joan was filled with dread. 
When the security feeds were played, it didn’t show the scene where Jessica paid Lucinda and it was blocked by one of the mannequins. 
“Look, I’m not lying, alright?” Lucinda gloated. 
The group of nosy women crowded over and stared at the security feed together. 
“That’s Joan! She was the one who ordered Ms. Zimmer to do this!” Lucinda brazenly added. In the video, Joan was indeed whispering something in Jessica’s ear. However, she was actually telling Jessica not to buy it. 
“Shut up! Stop your lies!” Jessica threw the bra in her hand away. 
“I don’t want this anymore. You can have it.” 
Jessica was pissed.
###Chapter 2747
Chapter 2747 
Why Is She Not Angry 
“How can she do this? That’s extremely rude!” 
“That’s right. Despite owning a bookstore, she’s not cultured at all.” 
A commotion broke out amongst the crowd again. 
After collecting herself, Joan walked up to Lucinda and asked gently, “What do you want?” 
That’s funny? Why isn’t she angry? 
Logically, she should be slapping me by now, tearing my clothes, or even my hair out. As Lucinda gave Joan a puzzled look, she wondered if her actions were not dramatic enough to test Joan’s patience. 
“Joan, how can you do this? How dare you threaten me over something as trivial as a bra. Everyone, be my judge! She just threatened me. Do you think just because you are rich and powerful, you are allowed to bully me?” Looking around at the surrounding crowd, Lucinda yelled on purpose. Her words only served to rile up the crowd further. 
What a pain in the ass! Taking a deep breath, frustration began to build within Joan. 
“Let me advise you to end this quickly. Or else, I’ll do more than just threatening you!” 
Joan voice was so fierce that it struck fear into Lucinda, causing her to tremble and her eyes to be filled with terror. 
“Do you not dare to tell the truth?” Joan continued to question mischievously. She wouldn’t harm anyone else but it didn’t mean that she was a pushover.
“If you stop now, I’ll pretend that this never happened…” 
“No! We have to get to the bottom of this!” Suddenly, Jessica interrupted Joan. 
After giving it some thought, Lucinda decided to back off. 
Although money was important to her, she didn’t want to risk offending Larry. Furthermore, after putting on such a dramatic performance, she had considered her job almost done. 
“Erm, actually, I don’t really like that bra…” she stuttered. 
“No! You liked it very much!” Jessica interrupted her in a domineering tone. 
“Hey! There’s a discount galore here! Come and take a look before it’s all gone!” Suddenly, a sales attendant from a clothing store nearby yelled. 
In a blink of an eye, the crowd surrounding them quickly dispersed and headed to the store instead. 
In the midst of the confusion, Lucinda slipped away. 
“Where did she go?” Jessica scanned her surroundings. 
“Forget it, let’s go.” Joan pulled her along as they left. 
Along the way, both of them looked out the window as if they were deep in thought. 
“Joan, why didn’t you let me question her further?” Jessica turned around and gave Joan a puzzled look. 
“No reason. She was just doing the bidding of someone else,” Joan replied in a nonchalant tone.
Jessica shook her head and sighed. Of course, she knew that Lucinda was just a pawn. She just wanted to find out who the mastermind was. 
“Joan, you will suffer by letting her go.” Jessica sounded worried. 
“It’s alright, I just need to be more careful next time.” 
Joan didn’t want to know who the mastermind was. In other words, she was running away from all the schemes and traps, as she didn’t want to face the enemy that was trying to hurt her. 
Despite feeling frustrated by Joan’s words and behavior, there was nothing more Jessica could say. 
Jessica went off after sending Joan home. 
Just as expected, the incident was splashed across the tabloid headlines the next day: Ex-wife of Norton Corporation president fights for a bra, Joan Watts the despicable… 
One after another, the headlines got increasingly shocking while the contents were equally preposterous. 
Meanwhile, Joan was still lying in her bed with her eyes closed, enjoying the warmth from the sun shining through the window onto her face. She was oblivious to the news that was being spread outside. 
Knock! Knock! Knock! 
Suddenly, someone knocked on the door desperately. With an exasperated expression, Joan turned around and covered her head with her blanket.
###Chapter 2748
Chapter 2748 
This Is Ridiculous 
“Joan! Come out right now! Quick, what’s all this about?” Delilah bellowed, banging on the door. 
“Ms. Young, let me sleep for a while longer. I’m really tired. Furthermore, there’s nothing much to do today,” Joan yelled languidly from her bed as she covered her head with her blanket. 
“No! You have to come out right now! I have something to ask you.” Delilah didn’t let up. 
Finally, after a long while, Joan crawled out of bed in her pajamas before staggering to the door. Scratching the back of her head, she asked, “Ms. Young, what is it?” 
“See for yourself!” Just as she spoke, Delilah stuffed the newspaper into Joan’s arms. 
“What is this?” She looked puzzled with her eyes half open. 
“You’ll know once you read it.” With that, Delilah turned toward the sofa and sat down. Foolish girl, what have you done yesterday to be slandered to this extent by the reporters? 
“What the…” Joan exclaimed when she saw the headlines. 
“Explain yourself.” Delilah cleared her throat. 
“What’s there to explain? This isn’t what happened at all!” Joan scowled. She decided not to pursue the matter yesterday but didn’t expect it to blow up instead. 
“I know. What I meant was tell me what really happened. How did you get into such an altercation in the first place?”
Fine. 
Without even washing her face, Joan settled down beside Delilah and related to her what had happened. 
Having quickly understood the situation, Delilah furrowed her eyebrows and asked, “What do you plan to do?” 
What else can I do? After being maligned to this extent, can I even salvage my reputation? Joan was overwhelmed with frustration. 
“Organize a press conference and explain the truth to the public,” Delilah suggested. 
Wouldn’t that be overreacting? Joan raised her head and gave Delilah a doubtful look. 
“I feel that at this stage, everyone has forgotten what happened…” She shrugged her shoulders in hesitation. 
“Indeed. Everyone has forgotten what happened but your filthy reputation has been seared into their minds,” Delilah quickly reminded her. 
That’s true, but… 
She didn’t feel the matter was as complicated as Delilah made it out to be. 
At that moment, Larry was sitting in his office, leisurely going through the papers. It wasn’t until he saw the headline about Joan that rage seized upon him. 
Suddenly, he barked coldly, “Caspian!” 
The staff outside his office were given a sudden fright. Jolted into attention, they quickly busied themselves with work.
“What’s going on with Mr. Norton?” 
“I don’t know. And I don’t want to speculate about his business.” 
“However, his scream was really frightening.” 
A few of the staff were gossiping in the corner with nosy expressions. 
“Larry, you called?” Caspian responded as he hurried in. Looking at Larry, he stood at attention and waited for his instructions. 
“Go and get to the bottom of this!” 
Joan threw the newspaper at Caspian. 
Having read the contents, Caspian’s expression darkened. 
This is ridiculous! Since when does Joan need to snatch a bra from someone? Which idiotic reporter wrote it? 
“Alright, I understand, Larry.” Caspian left the office at once. 
“I want an answer by today!” Larry’s seething voice rang out from his office. Who is the b*stard that crossed the line by hurting my girl. 
“Yes!” 
Soon, everyone read about the news in the papers, including Jessica, Nancy, Dustin, Abelyn, and Jake.
###Chapter 2749
Chapter 2749 
It Was Just An Accident 
Ring! Ring! 
Joan’s phone couldn’t stop ringing the whole day. 
“Joan, what happened? Who did you offend?” Nancy asked anxiously over the phone. 
“I never offended anyone?” Joan tried her best to explain. 
“Someone must be out to get you. Joan, don’t worry, with us around, we won’t allow you to suffer!” 
Joan ended the call helplessly. Not long later, it was Jake who called with an insidious tone. “Joan, congratulations, you are famous now.” 
Joan was cognizant of what he was insinuating. Not in the mood to argue, she plainly thanked him before preparing to end the call. 
Suddenly, Jake uttered in desperation, “Don’t end my call yet.” 
What does he want now? Joan held up her phone impatiently. She didn’t end the call but neither did she say a word. All she did was wait to hear what Jake had to say. 
“Tell me, were you trying to avoid me when you left the country the last time?” Jake got straight to the point with an icy tone. However, he wasn’t able to hide his inexplicable nervousness. 
Without a doubt, the answer was yes. 
“Jake, can you not be so full of yourself?” Joan replied in a cordial manner.
“Just tell me yes or no.” Jake sounded upset. 
“No,” Joan answered resolutely. 
“Really?” 
“Yes!” 
Jake was skeptical of her answer. After all, she didn’t do anything while being overseas. 
“Do you remember what I told you before? It will always apply…” 
Joan understood what Jake’s twisted thoughts about her were. However, she would never agree with what he suggested. 
“Jake, don’t contact me anymore.” With that, she ended the call. 
She really is cruel. Staring at his phone, Jake’s gaze darkened dramatically. He was filled with rage as he clenched his fists. 
I will never give up! 
Over at the other end, Joan sat on the sofa and stared blankly at the sky, feeling depressed. 
Delilah had already gone to the flower shop. However, Joan chose not to go as she was worried that she would be hounded by reporters. 
Knock! Knock! 
“Who is it?” Joan got up to ask. However, she didn’t hear any movements from outside. 
“Who?” she repeated as she walked over to open the door.
“Everyone! Joan is here!” 
The cry attracted the attention of all the reporters. 
“Ms. Watts, hello, may I know what was going through your mind then…” 
“Hi, Ms. Watts, as the ex-wife of Norton Corporation’s president, why did you snatch someone else’s…” 
When she saw the horde of reporters and the swarm of cameras, Joan suddenly felt giddy. What’s going on? Massaging her temples, she was distressed by the situation. 
“Ms. Watts, please answer my question.” 
“Ms. Watts, say something!” 
As the reporters pressed on with their shouts, their pressure caused Joan to feel distraught. Unable to keep herself together, she collapsed onto the ground. 
“Move aside!” Suddenly, a familiar voice rang out in her ear. 
Is it Larry? 
The moment she woke up, she was lying in the hospital. 
“You’re awake,” Dustin remarked as he tucked her in. 
“Dustin, why are you here?” Looking at him, Joan felt her headache relieved. She figured it was because she had managed to escape the reporters. 
“You fainted just now. What happened yesterday? How did you end up in the news?” Dustin asked in a worried tone.
“It was just an accident. But I didn’t expect someone to blow it out of proportion.”
###Chapter 2750
Chapter 2750 
A New Rumor 
Joan explained in a chagrined voice, telling Dustin the truth of the matter and everything that transpired. Of course, Dustin chose to believe her despite the intense public opinion then. It was fortunate that she wasn’t a public figure. If she were a celebrity or actress, her life would be really miserable in the future. 
“It’s okay. Everything will be fine after some time.” The person on the hospital bed feigned an expression of nonchalance as she snacked on some fruits. 
Nevertheless, Dustin naturally knew that Joan’s emotions were actually a chaotic mess right then. He stared at her thoughtfully. “Have you investigated this matter? And who exactly orchestrated everything?” 
“I don’t know, but perhaps this is all a coincidence.” Joan shook her head as she mulled it over. I’ll stop brooding over it if it was merely a coincidence, but I’m just worried that someone will continue hassling me. 
As a matter of course, there was someone whom she suspected at heart, but she wasn’t certain of her culpability yet. 
In fact, it was none other than Della. However, at the thought that she didn’t return to Chanaea, doubt crept into her… 
“Could it be Ms. Duff?” Dustin questioned warily, his brows furrowed. 
“I have no idea.” Joan shook her head. Likewise, she wore a frown as she contemplated other possibilities. Unbeknownst to them, their entire interaction was being recorded.
Therefore, a new rumor spawned. 
Joan Watts is a two-timer! 
Joan Watts has a wandering eye! 
The condemnations on the Internet skyrocketed, so much so that Joan no longer dared to leave the house anymore. Conversely, Dustin wasn’t at all bothered, probably because he was already accustomed to such a thing. 
“What on earth is happening, Dustin? Rumors between you and Joan are really flying all over the place,” Abelyn grumbled irately as she flipped through the newspaper. 
“It’s over between me and Joan,” Dustin stated placidly while munching on an apple. 
“Over, you said? Look at this! All this is gossip of you both!” 
Hearing that, Dustin instantly stood up and stalked over to Abelyn. The moment he glimpsed the contents of the newspaper in her hands, his expression contorted with rage. “Who the hell wrote such a disgusting thing? We’ve never done anything so sordid!” 
After saying that, he tossed the newspaper in his hand right into the trash can at the side. 
“Why did you do that? I wasn’t done reading!” Abelyn then picked it up again. 
“Quit reading. It’s all lies, so don’t jump on the bandwagon!” Dustin gritted, his expression vicious. 
“Well, there’s no smoke without a fire, and nothing comes of nothing,” Abelyn joked, throwing him a glance. 
Meanwhile, at Norton Corporation, Larry appeared regal as he languidly stirred his coffee on the sofa.
But as soon as he saw a certain piece of news in the newspaper, his calm and unruffled demeanor immediately vanished. 
“Larry!” Caspian barged in with an anxious expression. 
“Did you see that piece of news? Should I do something about it?” he inquired tentatively after taking a deep breath to compose himself. If he were to do something, the gossip would never see the light of day anymore. 
“No, let her handle it by herself,” Larry replied in a voice devoid of all warmth. 
He had been waiting for Joan’s call, yet she never called him… 
As the matter grew increasingly complicated, Joan stopped going to the flower shop and Delilah’s house. Instead, she rented a place outside and lived alone. 
Of course, that was merely a short-term plan, for she would still return to her previous routine when the matter had blown over. 
“When are you coming back, Joan?” Delilah sounded rather anxious on the phone. 
“I’m not coming back tonight, Ms. Young.” 
In a flash, Delilah’s guard went up. What is she planning to do now? 
“I’ll live outside for some time first, Ms. Young,” Joan hastily explained with a nervous expression on her face. 
Oh, so that’s her plan. Breathing a sigh of relief, Delilah’s taut expression eased significantly.
###Chapter 2751
Chapter 2751 
Delilah Lost Her Temper 
After Joan and Delilah had exchanged a few more words, they then hung up the phone. 
“Where did Mom go, Grandma? Why isn’t she home yet?” Lucius asked worriedly while seated on the sofa in the living room. 
“There’s something she has to handle recently, so she has gone on a business trip.” Delilah gently patted him on the head. I wonder whether the matter has been resolved and how is Joan faring right now. 
After all, she knew Joan all too well. She was aware that Joan was the kind of person who never wanted others to worry, so even if she had claimed that everything was fine, Delilah was still worried. 
Click! 
The door swung open, heralding Larry’s return. 
“Dad!” Lucius threw himself into Larry’s arms. 
Picking him up, Larry promptly turned to the side and looked at Delilah. “Is she not home yet?” he queried. 
“No,” Delilah murmured as she shook her head. Then, she glanced at Lucius, who was in his arms. 
Larry naturally understood her meaning, so he carried Lucius into the room before coming out. Subsequently, Delilah explained, “She wants to stay elsewhere for some time.”
“Okay.” Surprisingly, Larry didn’t to it. Since reporters have been here, it’s only natural that she hides out elsewhere for some time. Besides, it isn’t anything positive. After being misunderstood for such a long time, her reputation will definitely be marred even if she manages to prove her innocence in the end. 
“Larry, how about you lend her a hand…” Delilah suggested haltingly. 
“I believe that she can handle it by herself.” As Larry said that, he strode into the adjacent bedroom. 
Joan is no longer the kind and naive girl she once was. Having established a flower shop now, she has many goals to be accomplished one by one, so she needs to firm up her capabilities and mental aptitude. 
When the warm sunlight hit the ground through the window the next day, Delilah simply straightened the house before heading to the flower shop. 
No sooner had she unlocked the door and flipped the open sign over when a horde or people charged in. 
“Is this Joan Watts’ flower shop?” 
“Is Joan Watts the owner?” 
“Where has Joan Watts disappeared to?” 
Their scornful expressions had Delilah shuddering. What are they trying to do here? 
“I’d advise you to close down this place!” 
“Hear, hear! Why is she running a flower shop considering her repugnant character?” 
The crowd’s voices increased in volume as their censure escalated.
“Shut up!” Finally, Delilah snapped. “If you want to buy flowers, you’re welcome to do so. Otherwise, get the f*ck out of here!” 
That was the first time she had truly lost her temper. 
In the next moment, everyone went silent, and the atmosphere became awkward. None of them had ever expected such an outburst from the seemingly gentle and delicate woman. 
“Quick, let’s go!” 
“She’s no easy prey, so let’s hightail it out of here!” 
“Why is she so fierce? We weren’t castigating her…” 
In no time, Delilah was the only one left in the flower shop. 
Hah! How ridiculous! She then closed the door, still very much worked up. 
Meanwhile, all that was witnessed by Joan in a corner a stone’s throw away from the entrance of the flower shop. She wore a mask and kept her head lowered. Unbidden, she then heaved a sigh. It looks like they’re not planning to let me go! What kind of deep-seated grudge does the person behind this harbor against me that necessitates such ruthless means? 
“Joan!” 
“Ahh!” Joan jumped at the voice that rang out from behind her. 
“It’s me! It’s me, so don’t be afraid!” Nancy slipped off her sunglasses at once. 
“Nancy? Why are you here?” Surprised, Joan looked at her dubiously.
“I’m here to look in on you.” Nancy flashed her a smile. Immediately after, she blurted, “Have you found that woman?” 
“Yeah, but she took off,” Joan answered helplessly. 
Damn it all to hell! Who on earth is doing such a despicable thing? Nancy clenched her hands tightly, her gaze as sharp as a hawk’s. 
“Come, let’s find a place and figure out a solution to this problem.” As she said that, she dragged Joan along.
###Chapter 2752
Chapter 2752 
Lucinda Has Gone Abroad 
“Wait… Nancy, we can’t head that way! There are reporters there!” At present, Joan had to remain vigilant to people tailing her and reporters furtively snapping photos of her. 
In the end, the two of them went to Nancy’s house. 
After all, Jory’s house was relatively safe. As he was one of the overbearing presidents in the city, reporters naturally didn’t dare incite his wrath. 
“Alright, alright, don’t worry anymore,” Nancy consoled as she removed her jacket. 
Sitting on the sofa, Joan inhaled deeply. Then, she took a sip of tea as she tried to suppress the brewing emotions within her. 
“What’s your plan, Joan?” 
“What plan can I have? I’ll just take things one day at a time.” I’ve got to get to the bottom of this matter first! My identity is no longer the same now, so I must redeem my reputation! 
“What’s wrong?” Jory inquired softly when he saw them in the house. 
“Nothing,” Nancy replied impatiently, waving a dismissive hand at him. 
“Are you worried because of those rumors in the newspapers?” Jory continued asking in concern. 
At that, Joan’s head instantly snapped up. She stared at the man in front of her seriously, surprised that he was actually keeping abreast of her news. Well, well… It seems that this matter is truly spreading like wildfire. Am I now notorious in this city, then?
“I’ve seen that woman,” Jory remarked. His voice was calm, but his words had both women descending into a frenzy. 
In an instant, Nancy turned serious. Clutching his arm tightly, she frantically cried out, “Well? Spit it out! Where did you see her, and where is she now?” 
“Calm down, Nancy. I just came back yesterday, and I bumped into her at the airport.” 
Oh God, it turns out that the woman has gone abroad! At that very moment, Joan’s eyes flooded with misery. She didn’t know what to do next, and the thought of giving up flashed across her mind. 
“Joan!” All of a sudden, Nancy clapped her on the shoulder hard. “Don’t worry, for we’ll definitely sniff her out no matter where she goes!” 
But… Joan wavered. Going to such lengths seems rather unnecessary. 
“You can’t give up, Joan!” Nancy exclaimed urgently. 
“Nancy, she has already gone abroad, so why don’t we just let it go…” Joan commented hesitantly. 
“No way!” 
While Nancy’s determined stance was beyond Joan’s expectations, she could understand her sentiments. Nancy was an incredibly loyal friend, so she always stood up for her in the past whenever someone picked on her. 
“What are you planning to do, then?” Joan asked skeptically as she blinked at her. 
“Find her!” Nancy’s gaze was as resolute as ever.
But just how exactly are we going to do that? Desolation was written all over Joan’s face. If Lucinda Xenos were still in the country, I’ll definitely track her down and question her no matter what. But she’s now abroad, so it’s exceedingly difficult to locate her, not to mention setting things straight! 
“Don’t worry, Joan. I’ve got nothing to do anyway, so I’ll handle this matter!” Nancy patted her shoulder lightly as she spoke in a menacing tone. I’ll definitely find you, Lucinda Xenos! You’ll die a horrible death for having done such a vile thing to my best friend! 
As a ruthless aura radiated off Nancy, her hands clenched into fists. 
At the sight of her staunch expression, Joan zipped her mouth. Ah, never mind. I’ll just let her do as she pleases. It’s best if she can find her, but if otherwise, it doesn’t really matter anyway. 
Subsequently, they chatted for a while before Joan left. Nancy, on the other hand, started planning her move. 
After leaving Jory’s villa, Joan didn’t return home or head back to the flower shop. Instead, she went straight back to her rented place. To her surprise, Dustin was waiting for her in front of her door. 
“Dustin? Why are you here?” She eyed the man in front of her suspiciously.
###Chapter 2753
Chapter 2753 
Confronting Abelyn 
“I’m here to look in on you.” Dustin brandished the bag in his hand at Joan. He was worried that Joan would go hungry, so he went to the supermarket and bought her a lot of things. 
“You didn’t have to buy me so many things. I can take care of myself,” Joan murmured as she bustled about. 
“Don’t worry about it. I had nothing to do, so I went shopping,” Dustin replied awkwardly, chuckling. He knew that she merely didn’t want to accept any favors from him for no reason. 
“When are you going back?” he then asked out of the blue. 
That was a question that demanded extensive deliberation. Upon hearing that, Joan tilted her head, and a trace of indecision manifested in her eyes. I have no idea when I’ll go back either. The thing is, I don’t know when this scandal will fizzle out. 
“We’ll see how it goes.” 
“Why don’t you ask Larry to help you?” Dustin couldn’t quite understand that since it would be a piece of cake for Larry to resolve this issue considering his influence. 
“I want to try my hand at it first. If I truly can’t settle it, I’ll then go and seek his help,” Joan answered mildly. 
Well, that’s… quite a unique approach. They share such an intimate relationship, yet they actually have such a practice, huh? Casting a glance at her, Dustin then lowered his eyes. So, she has never considered asking for my help.
“What is it? Is something else the matter that you sought me out today?” Joan lifted her head, her expression a tad grave. 
Indeed, Dustin had another motive in seeking her out, but he hesitated as he contemplated whether he should tell her the truth. 
“Well? Just say it. What’s with the hesitation?” Mirth tickled Joan when she noticed his hesitance despite already being here. 
“Um… I had a fight with Abelyn.” 
That simple utterance had Joan splurting out the water in her mouth. What? Did he just say that he fought with Abelyn? Is he serious? She studied the man before her skeptically. Isn’t he usually very indulgent toward her? Why did they suddenly fight today? 
“Why?” she asked seriously after wiping her mouth. 
“Because she has fallen hopelessly in love with a man.” 
“That’s good news!” 
“The thing is, the man is a bartender in a nightclub, and he usually fools around with tons of other women.” 
All at once, understanding dawned upon Joan that Dustin was worried about Abelyn being duped. 
Nonetheless, she found it strange that Abelyn would fall for a bartender in a nightclub since her type was typically considerate and attentive men. 
“Then? What’s the situation now?” 
“She wants to move out and live with that bartender instead!” Dustin’s voice dripped with fury.
Good heavens! That fast? Has Abelyn lost her mind? She has just gotten acquainted with the man for a few days, yet she’s already planning to move in with him? No, I must go and dissuade her from doing so! 
“Come, let’s go to Abelyn’s house! I want to ask her what exactly she’s thinking!” Sounding frantic, Joan dragged Dustin out of the house as she spoke. 
What else could she be thinking? She’s simply going with her feelings and living according to her ideals. 
Dustin shook his head before sighing. 
In no time, the two of them arrived at Abelyn’s villa. 
Knock, knock, knock! 
At that moment, Abelyn was sprawled on the sofa in the living room, having a video call with her boyfriend. It was a long time before she finally put her cell phone down and trotted out, probably upon hearing the increasingly urgent banging on the door. 
“Who’s there?” 
“It’s me!” Joan answered sharply. 
Hmm? Joan? Why is she here at this hour? Abelyn’s brows knitted together deeply, and irritation showed on her face. “Why are you here…” 
“Abelyn Chipman! What’s wrong with you?” Joan strode into the house and bellowed without waiting for her to finish speaking. Her tone was extremely hostile.
Noticing the outrage on her face, a faint sense of unease flooded Abelyn. What’s wrong with her that she’s so emotional? 
“What’s wrong with you, Joan?” she inquired cautiously. 
“What’s wrong with me? Abelyn, that’s exactly my question to you!”
###Chapter 2754
Chapter 2754 
Abelyn Slapped Joan 
That remark had Abelyn growing anxious. Despite her usual feisty and fearless attitude, the thing she feared most was people getting into her face. 
“Well? What exactly happened?” Joan stared at her intently. 
Huh? What does she mean? What is she going on about? Baffled, Abelyn wore an expression of puzzlement in hopes that she would give her a hint. 
“I’m referring to you and that bartender!” Joan prompted in exasperation. 
Oh, is that all? Phew! I thought it was something earth-shattering! Straightening at once, Abelyn cleared her throat before she started narrating the entire story. 
“Joan, I got myself a boyfriend a few days ago. He’s a bartender…” 
“Okay, okay, that’s enough prefacing. Go to the point! I know all that.” Impatience swamped Joan. 
“Oh, right. That bartender is incredibly handsome, and he has a great personality. Besides, he’s gentle and romantic. He’s also very skilled at mixing drinks…” 
Abelyn introduced her boyfriend in a besotted manner, her eyes shining with infatuation as though she was immersed in a beautiful memory. 
Good God, she’s well and truly under the spell of that bartender! Joan glowered at her while listening to her delusions of a sweet love story. Jeez, she’s really bewitched! 
Turning to the side, she looked at Dustin and shrugged helplessly.
Throughout it all, Abelyn continued rambling on and on without ever noticing the displeasure on the faces of the two people at the side. Finally, Joan couldn’t take it anymore. 
“Abelyn!” She deliberately raised her voice a few decibels. 
“What is it now?” Abelyn wore a confused expression. 
“I think you should really consider this matter carefully,” Joan asserted seriously. 
“What’s there to consider? I like him, and he likes me as well,” Abelyn countered in a firm voice despite feeling perplexed. Love is something between two people, so it’s fine as long as both parties are consenting, no? 
Really? Does that bartender really like her? That might not necessarily be the case. 
Approaching her slowly, Joan stared at her solemnly with a trace of suspicion in her eyes. 
“Don’t be stupid, Abelyn. Stop lying to yourself. I think you know better than us the character of a bartender. Face the reality, okay?” 
Her voice was exceedingly calm without the slightest hint of criticism because she could totally understand her feelings now. Nevertheless, she didn’t agree with her decision. 
After all, it was glaringly evident that it was an unequal relationship. 
It was indeed true that Abelyn liked that bartender, but the same couldn’t be said for the bartender. At most, he merely regarded her as a plaything to kill time. And the proof of that was in the thorough investigation Dustin had previously conducted on him. 
“What are you trying to say, Joan?” Livid, Abelyn’s hands clenched into fists, and she appeared exceedingly worked up.
Why won’t she simply open her eyes and admit the truth? Joan simply couldn’t understand her. 
“I’m trying to say that we’re all adults here, so you can’t be so wilful anymore! That bartender doesn’t like you. Can you please snap out of it?” 
Slap! A slap landed on Joan’s face. 
At once, Joan’s cheek smarted. 
“Have you lost your mind, Abelyn?” Dustin yanked Abelyn up from the sofa and plopped down beside Joan. Looking at her in dismay, he panicked and anxiously blurted, “How are you feeling? Does it hurt? And are you okay?” 
“I’m fine, so don’t worry. It doesn’t hurt,” Joan reassured awkwardly as she flashed him a smile. 
At the side, Abelyn hung her head with a remorseful expression. Oh God, I was simply too impulsive just now! 
“Are you out of your mind, Abelyn? What did Joan ever do to you? She merely advised you out of the kindness of her heart, but you just wouldn’t listen!” 
Turning to Abelyn, Dustin lambasted her fiercely. 
“I’m sorry, Joan. I was just too pissed off earlier…” Abelyn stammered. 
“It’s okay, so don’t worry about it.” Joan didn’t take it to heart. She understood her feelings at that moment, so she naturally wouldn’t take offense at her.
###Chapter 2755
Chapter 2755 
I Am Her Boyfriend 
“Abelyn, we won’t bother you anymore if you ever act that impulsively again. Just do whatever you want!” Dustin was exceedingly serious when he said that. 
Upon hearing that, Abelyn trembled. “I was just too angry earlier…” 
“What’s there to be angry about? Wasn’t Joan simply speaking the truth? We couldn’t just look on as you jump into a hellhole, could we?” 
“What hellhole? When did I jump into a hellhole? Who said I was jumping into a hellhole?” Abelyn argued relentlessly as she stared Dustin down indignantly. 
However, Dustin’s attention was wholly focused on Joan then, so he had no time to entertain her. 
“How are you feeling? Do we need to make a trip to the hospital?” 
“Don’t worry, I’m fine. It’ll be right as rain tomorrow,” Joan replied while scrutinizing Abelyn’s expression closely. 
A long while later, Abelyn pivoted to leave, probably finding the atmosphere awkward. 
“Where are you going?” Dustin roared worriedly. 
“That’s none of your business!” Abelyn’s answer almost had him bursting a blood vessel. 
“Go after her and make sure that nothing happens to her!” Joan urged, nudging him gently.
What would happen to her? She must have gone to look for that bartender, no doubt! Staring at the disappearing figure, Dustin heaved a sigh. 
“Hurry up and go after her!” Joan exhorted him to chase after Abelyn, worried that something would happen to her in her emotional state. 
Fine, then. Putting down the things in his hands, Dustin sprinted out of the living room. As he ran, he shouted, “Abelyn!” 
Nonetheless, he still didn’t see any sign of her after searching for a long time though he wasn’t certain whether she had truly gone far or deliberately hidden. 
Hmm? Did her legs really carry her away that fast? Argh! Why is she so worrisome! She must have gone to the nightclub! 
Sure enough, Abelyn had gone straight to the nightclub. Dustin likewise arrived there quickly. Joan, on the other hand, was massaging her cheek with an egg to reduce the swelling. 
In the nightclub, neon lights strobed and flashed. The atmosphere was extremely lively. The sexy figures, alluring makeup, and intoxicating liquor blended together to create a sensual picture. 
Abelyn headed straight to one of the bartenders and requested a drink. Then, she guzzled it down. 
“What’s wrong? Are you in a bad mood?” the bartender murmured flirtatiously while hooking a finger under her chin. 
“Tell me this—do you really like me?” Abelyn questioned gingerly as she clutched his hand tightly. 
Hearing that, the bartender instantly went mum. Dropping his hand, he then continued preparing drinks.
At his reaction, Abelyn’s expression suddenly turned vicious. “Why, do you not have the guts to answer my question? If so, it means you don’t like me!” 
Her voice was filled with utter disdain. 
“I didn’t answer your question because I’m very busy,” the bartender explained placidly. 
What a load of b*llshit! How long does it take to utter a single sentence? Turning away, Abelyn continued drinking. 
“Abelyn!” Dustin abruptly appeared in front of her, panting for breath. 
Why did he follow me here? Abelyn shot daggers at the man in front of her as fury raged within her. 
“Let’s go! I’ll take you home. Joan is still waiting at your place!” While saying that, Dustin dragged her away. 
“Let go of me! I’m not leaving!” Abelyn snapped irritatedly. 
“Alright, that enough. Stop kicking up a fuss and come with me.” 
“I said, I’m not leaving!” Abelyn was already tipsy at that moment. 
“Who are you?” The bartender stalked over at once upon hearing the commotion. 
“I’m her boyfriend!” Dustin fibbed. 
“You’re her boyfriend? Who am I, then?” The bartender looked at him with contempt. 
Meanwhile, as Joan’s worry about Abelyn mounted while she sat around at her house, she finally gave in to her impulse and headed to the nightclub. When she arrived, she promptly caught sight of Dustin.
“How are things going?” 
In response, Dustin merely shook his head without saying anything.
###Chapter 2756
Chapter 2756 
Make A Night Of It 
At that very moment, Abelyn was nonchalantly guzzling wine. 
Good heavens! She must have gone off her rocker! Incensed, Joan went right up to her face and glared at her. “Let’s go!” 
“Huh? Where to?” Abelyn asked dubiously as she turned and looked at the person before her. 
By then, she was already inebriated. 
“Let’s go home, Abelyn!” Joan’s voice was laden with a mixture of emotions on the verge of explosion. 
All of a sudden, the bartender came over. “Who are you?” he demanded provocatively as he eyed Joan. 
“I’m her friend.” 
“Well, I’m her boyfriend!” The bartender put on a cocky expression while mixing drinks. 
Hah! He’s merely a bartender in a nightclub, so what’s there to be cocky about? 
“So, you’re her boyfriend? Alright, let me ask you this. What’s your interest in Abelyn?” Joan’s voice dripped with scorn. 
As a matter of fact, compatibility in terms of social statuses was paramount. Everyone should know their place, or there wouldn’t be any meaning in life.
“Hey, what are you trying to say? You’re making it sound as though I have some ulterior motive. We like each other, okay? You know nothing, yet you’re yapping here. How ill-mannered!” the bartender retorted in chagrin. 
Well, well… he’s really something else! But on second thought, anyone who works in a nightclub can’t be guileless! 
Joan threw Dustin a helpless look before shifting her gaze back to Abelyn. “Are you going to leave with me, Abelyn?” 
The moment that question fell, Abelyn sprang to her feet. 
“Joan Watts!” she snarled coldly. “Why must you keep browbeating me time and again? What did I do wrong? I just fell in love with a man, no? What’s the big deal about it? Did I commit murder or arson? I didn’t break any law! I’m just dating, so why must you both ?” she roared as she pointed at the two people before her, her face flushed bright red. 
“What should we do, Joan? From the look of things, Abelyn isn’t going to leave with us.” Dustin nudged Joan beside him in a slight panic. 
Oh God, what should we do about Abelyn? Why did she suddenly become so stubborn? As Joan stared at the woman before her, melancholy blanketed her face. 
“You want to drink, yes? Alright, let’s make a night of it!” While saying that, she dragged Abelyn to the corner at the side. 
“What are you doing? Let go of me! Why are you getting handsy with me? Help! Someone is molesting me!” Abelyn was already drunk, so she had no idea who exactly was hauling her to the corner.
Dustin, on the other hand, was gripped by puzzlement as he gaped at the two women’s backs. What’s happening here? Is Joan going to drink with Abelyn? But isn’t she here to persuade her home? 
As he pinned his gaze on them both a near distance away, his expression reflected his astonishment. 
“Don’t drink, Dustin. I’ll drink with her. If both of us end up sloshed later, you’re responsible for sending us home!” Joan asserted. Knowing that Abelyn would never go home right then, she decided to drink with her. 
At long last, understanding dawned upon Dustin, and he nodded firmly in agreement. 
With that, the two women started competing among themselves. 
“Are you sure you manage, Joan? I remember that you can’t hold your liquor,” Abelyn teased. 
Hah! What nonsense! Lifting the wine glass, Joan gulped down the contents in one go before casually wiping her mouth. Suppressing the burning sensation in her throat, she declared, “How was that? Good enough for you?” 
“Excellent! Just because you were so sporting, I’ll have another round as well!” As Abelyn said that, she raised the wine glass beside her and guzzled everything. 
Good gracious, she has really lost her mind! She has already drunk so much, yet she’s still drinking! 
“Don’t force it if you can’t take it anymore, Abelyn,” Joan coaxed in concern. 
“No way! Who said I couldn’t take it? I can still drink several more rounds!” Abelyn picked up another glass of wine while saying that.
###Chapter 2757
Chapter 2757 
Recognized 
Upon seeing this, Dustin was truly rendered speechless. With a worried expression on his face, he urged, “Take it easy, both of you. Don’t drink too much as it’s bad for your health.” 
“Shut it! You’re not even Joan’s match despite being a man!” Abelyn was totally wasted then, so she naturally wouldn’t have much of a recollection of whatever she said. 
“Tell me, Abelyn, why do you like that bartender? What exactly about him that makes you so crazy about him?” 
“Everything!” Sprawling over the table, Abelyn muttered, “He looks like my ex-boyfriend, so that’s reason enough.” 
Her voice was a mere whisper, but beside her, Joan still caught her final remark. In a flash, she understood her obstinacy. 
“What is it?” Dustin queried curiosity while looking at Joan in front of him. 
“She said that bartender looks like her ex-boyfriend.” 
All at once, both of them went silent. 
As Joan gazed at the woman lying over the table, sympathy welled within her… 
“Ahh!” Joan cried out when someone walking past her bumped into her out of the blue. 
“I’m sorry. It was an accident.” The other person hastily wiped the liquor off her while apologizing.
“It’s okay.” Joan flashed her a smile. 
Suddenly jumping up, the other person pointed at Joan and exclaimed hesitantly, “Hey, aren’t you the woman…” 
Hmm? What is she trying to say? Joan was perplexed as she stared at the person in front of her. I don’t think I know her. 
“Aren’t you the woman who snatched Lucinda Xenos’ bra?” 
At that, panic instantly engulfed Joan. Damn it! Why is there someone who would remember such trivial gossip that has nothing to do with her? 
“I’m sorry, but you got the wrong person.” As Joan said that, she made to leave. 
“Hey, stop right there! I definitely didn’t get the wrong person! Everyone, come check it out! She’s the person who snatched someone else’s bra!” 
In the blink of an eye, many strangers surrounded Joan. 
“So, you’re Joan Watts?” 
“She’s even the ex-wife of the president of Norton Corporation. How shameful!” 
“Ah, ex-wife means she’s a stranger to him!” 
Several people around her kept talking about her, their expressions disdainful. 
“Stop running your mouths! That’s not true!” Dustin immediately raced over and defended her while shielding her behind him. 
“And who are you? Don’t tell me you’re her boy toy?”
“Exactly! She’s greedy as hell, what with her wandering eye! Therefore, karma will get her sooner or later!” 
“Right back at you!” Dustin roared indignantly as he pointed at them. He simply couldn’t fathom how those people had the nerve to spread such rumors when they didn’t know the first thing about it. 
“What are you if not her boy toy? Why would you be with her, then?” The scene quickly descended into an uproar, and the atmosphere turned exceedingly mortifying. 
At that precise moment, Joan was seized by the urge to crawl into a hole and never come out. 
“Sorry, we’ve still got something to do, so please excuse us.” As she said that, she made to do a cut and run. 
“Jeez, why are you in such a hurry? Are you panicked now? Why would you be flustered if you hadn’t done those despicable things?” the person censured relentlessly with a contemptuous expression. 
Damn it all to hell! Why won’t they just drop it? 
Joan’s hands clenched into fists, and a chilly air radiated from her. 
“Let’s go, Joan. Just ignore them.” Dustin then wanted to pull her out of there. 
But unexpectedly, that person proceeded to holler at the top of his lungs. “Everyone, come and have a look here! This woman, Joan Watts, is really something else! She pesters Larry Norton during the day, and at night, she carries on with her boy toy!” 
In a trice, the crowd grew. They took photos and hurled criticisms, making the scene extremely embarrassing. 
At his wits’ end, Dustin swiftly helped Abelyn up and left the nightclub with Joan.
“Are you okay?” He then turned to the side and looked at the person in front of him worriedly. 
Joan merely shook her head lightly in response, saying nary a word. However, how could she possibly be fine? She had been plagued by that matter throughout the past few days, so it had long since driven her crazy.
###Chapter 2758
Chapter 2758 
Pursued 
“Joan!” Abelyn whined as she sprawled on the back seat. Her expression was pained, probably because she wasn’t feeling well after having drunk her weight in liquor. 
“What’s wrong, Abelyn?” Twisting his head back, Dustin peered at her grimly. 
“I want some water,” the woman in the back seat muttered unceasingly. 
Darting her gaze around, Joan alighted from the car and strode toward a supermarket nearby. However, she had no inkling of the peril she would be facing in the next moment. 
“Hey, look! Isn’t that Joan Watts?” 
Out of the blue, a sharp, unfamiliar voice rang out from behind her. As soon as she pivoted, she spotted a dozen men charging toward her. 
Without an ounce of hesitation, she took off running. 
Finally, Dustin noticed the precarious situation. He immediately climbed out of the car and shielded Joan behind him. 
“What happened?” 
“Men are chasing after me! Quick, let’s drive and make a break for it!” Agitated, Joan promptly slipped into the car. 
As Dustin caught sight of the unfamiliar men running over, mystification inundated him. Well, I simply can’t figure out what Joan and Lucinda Xenos’ matter has to do with these irrelevant people!
“Stop right there!” He abruptly bellowed while pointing a finger at the dozen or so men before him. 
In a flash, all those people stilled and jerked to a halt. 
“What are you all doing?” Dustin’s voice carried a hint of threat. 
“We’re looking for Joan Watts.” One of the men eyed him condescendingly. 
“Why are you looking for her? As far as I know, she doesn’t know the lot of you!” Dustin shot back ruthlessly. If I don’t wield my dominance over these busybodies, they’re going to step all over me! 
“Who are you? And why are you acting the hero here?” 
That simple remark had Dustin seeing red. “If you don’t want to get yourself into hot water, I’d advise you to quickly get lost! Otherwise…” 
While dropping into a fighting stance, he stared coldly at their hostile expressions. Of course, there wasn’t any need for him to be amicable either. 
At that turn of events, the dozen or so men in front of him glanced at each other with hesitant expressions. 
“Boss, that seems to be Dustin Silverman.” 
“He has a certain amount of power in this city.” 
“He also seems to be acquainted with Jory Synder.” 
A few men kept whispering into the ear of the man in the lead while appearing rather panicked. 
After pondering for a moment, the leader waved a hand, upon which all men dispersed in no time.
Dustin then spun around and quickly returned to the car. As he ran his gaze over Joan, he anxiously asked, “How are you feeling? Are you okay? Did they do anything to you?” 
“No, I’m fine. Don’t worry, for they didn’t manage to catch me,” Joan promptly reassured. 
Phew! I’m glad to hear that! 
Breathing a sigh of relief, Dustin then started the car. 
Very quickly, the three of them arrived at Abelyn’s villa. Abelyn’s villa was located in a relatively isolated place, so few people knew her address. 
“Wake up, Abelyn!” Joan called out as she patted her, but Abelyn had already passed out with no signs of rousing anytime soon. 
“Alright, don’t call her anymore since she has already passed out. Go and take a rest, Joan.” Dustin showed her into the guest room right away. “We’ll leave the talk for tomorrow.” 
After saying that, he closed the door for her. 
The next day, sunlight shone in through the window, making everything appear warm. Looking haggard, the person on the bed rubbed her eyes and rolled over. 
“What happened?” Abelyn muttered in bafflement as she glanced down at her clothed self. Did I get plastered last night? Then, how did I get home? No, that’s not right. I went to look for the bartender last night! So, why did I suddenly… 
Glancing around, she was dead certain that she was in her house. Yet, she simply couldn’t figure out how she got back.
Hmm… This is really strange… She scratched her head hard as she tried recalling everything that had happened yesterday. 
“Ahh!” she abruptly shouted when her memories came rushing back. I went to the bar for drinks, then Dustin and Joan showed up. So, where are they? Where did they go?
###Chapter 2759
Chapter 2759 
Leave Him 
Abelyn promptly scrambled out of bed and dashed out of her bedroom. However, there wasn’t a single soul in the living room. 
“Dustin? Joan?” she greeted tentatively before she realized her mistake the next moment. How could Joan be here? She must have gone home! But Dustin is probably still here, no? Or has he gone out? 
While she was circling the place in search of Dustin, he suddenly came out of the kitchen with a spoon in his hand. “I’m here.” 
Oh, it turns out that he hasn’t gone out, after all. 
“Um… about last night…” Abelyn started hesitantly as she stared at the man in front of her. 
“What about last night?” Dustin deliberately prompted, suppressing the aggravation within him. Well, well… she actually drank like a fish without considering her ability to hold her liquor! 
“I presume that nothing happened between us last night?” Abelyn gazed at him solemnly, her expression grave. If something really happened between us, my entire life would be ruined! 
“No,” Dustin replied quietly. 
All at once, Abelyn’s eyes lit up. Ah, he’s truly a gentleman that he didn’t take advantage of me! At the same time, her lips curved into an approving smile. 
“Alright, go and wash up. Then, wake Joan up,” Dustin ordered while heading back to the kitchen to resume his cooking.
“Uhh…” In the bedroom, the person on the bed whimpered. Joan then opened her eyes and stretched before slipping out of bed. 
“You’re awake?” Dustin greeted her. 
“Yeah.” Joan twisted her neck to soothe the muscles. Right on the heels of that, she inquired wearily, “Where’s Abelyn? Is she up?” 
“Yup. I’m here.” Abelyn waved a hand at her in greeting, her expression calm and unruffled. On the contrary, Joan was assailed by waves of fury. 
“Abelyn Chipman!” Her voice was colored with rage. 
Sensing her ire, Abelyn leaped up from the sofa and instinctively backed away. As she stared at Joan before her, fear crept into her eyes. What’s wrong with her? Why does she appear so mad? 
“Why, have you forgotten everything that had happened last night?” Joan drawled, gradually drawing closer to her and pinning her down on the sofa. 
Huh? What happened last night? Abelyn’s face was a mask of bemusement as she gazed at the person in front of her. “What happened?” 
Good heavens! Is she for real? Has she truly forgotten everything? Joan’s eyes went wide, and she pinned her gaze on her. She created trouble once she started drinking, and now, she has forgotten everything! 
“Then, tell me what’s the deal between you and that bartender.” Joan regarded her warily while anticipating her answer. 
What else could it be other than the obvious? Both of us are single, and we like each other quite a bit…
“I like him, and he likes me as well,” Abelyn stammered. 
Like hell he likes her! That bartender only chose to date her for her money, and the only reason she likes him is that he resembles her ex-boyfriend! We can all see that plain as day, so why is she so blind and simply insists on keeping up the pretense? 
Joan rubbed her hands anxiously, her worry shooting through the roof. 
“Please reconsider it carefully, Abelyn. We’re both extremely worried about you.” Dustin’s voice was tinged with a hint of disgruntlement. 
After all, most of Abelyn’s family were abroad. Besides, it was a sudden decision for her to return to Chanaea this time, so she had no other close friends besides Dustin and Joan. 
“What’s there to reconsider? I really like him a lot,” Abelyn retorted willfully. 
Like him? Does she really like the bartender or her ex-boyfriend? Joan eyed her skeptically upon hearing that. 
“Leave him, Abelyn. He isn’t serious with you. In fact, he has tons of women out there.” Joan was very blunt, but it was the truth.
###Chapter 2760
Chapter 2760 
Someone Is At The Door 
Joan and Dustin had both investigated the bartender. Not only was his character atrocious, but he was also an extremely rude person. Thus, if Abelyn were to get together with him, he would definitely be trampling all over her in the future. Neither of them could stand watching her being duped. 
“Joan, Dustin, I hope both of you can understand, respect, support, and acknowledge my relationship.” Abelyn was exceedingly serious and earnest, but it all appeared to be a joke in Joan and Dustin’s eyes. 
Why did she suddenly become so naive? Understanding eluded Joan. How could she possibly fall for a degenerate? Although that bartender is very handsome and skilled at sweet talk, he undeniably can’t bring her happiness. What’s more, he can’t even stay faithful to her! 
As the three of them continued staring at each other in the living room, the atmosphere turned incredibly awkward. Joan and Dustin wanted Abelyn to back out of the relationship, but she herself was adamant about sticking with that bartender. They remained in a stalemate as neither party could convince the other. 
Knock, knock, knock! 
Out of the blue, knocking sounded on the door. Hearing that, Joan’s brows creased deeply, and she guardedly mused, “Who’s outside?” Don’t tell me those reporters followed me here? 
“I don’t know.” Dustin shook his head. He sounded slightly disquieting, worried about the same issue as Joan. 
In the end, they both returned to their respective rooms, leaving Abelyn in the living room. This was Abelyn’s villa, after all, so she should be the one opening the door to avoid any other troubles cropping
out further. 
After putting away her irritation and schooling her expression, Abelyn slowly got up and headed to the door. 
“Who’s there?” 
“It’s me!” A familiar male voice drifted into her ears. 
Upon hearing that, Abelyn instantly jumped with joy and opened the door. Throwing herself into the arms of the man at the door, she coquettishly asked, “Why are you here?” 
“I missed you, so I came. Why, am I not welcomed?” the bartender questioned. 
“Hey, how could you say that? Of course, you’re welcomed! Wait a moment. I’ll just change, and we’ll go out…” As Abelyn said that, she whirled around to dash back into the house. 
“Hold on!” All of a sudden, the bartender grabbed her arm. 
Pivoting, Abelyn looked at him while blinking her eyes in curiosity. 
“Why don’t we stay home instead of going out? Don’t you like staying in?” The bartender pulled her into his arms and rested his chin on the top of her head. 
Um, well… I do, but there’s someone else in the house! Dustin and Joan don’t like him to begin with, so an altercation might transpire if they were to know that he’s here! 
“Let’s go out instead since I’d like to go for some fresh air. Pretty please?” Abelyn kept shaking his arm while putting on a pitiful expression. 
At that, the bartender lifted his head to the sky and inhaled deeply, a chill flashing in his eyes.
“Alright, then. Whatever you say,” he concurred at long last. 
Subsequently, Abelyn raced to her room to change. 
Ugh! What a damn fussy woman! The bartender then swept his gaze over the place and took in everything. In the next moment, the corners of his lips turned up. Well, well… She’s really a rich woman! 
Very quickly, Abelyn came out, and the two of them left the villa. Before leaving, the bartender glanced over his shoulder at the villa. 
“Where is Abelyn? Where did she go?” Joan asked Dustin after stepping out of the room. 
“She has probably gone out,” Dustin replied placidly while staring at the door. 
Could it have been Abelyn’s friend? Ah, never mind if she wants to go out. Joan then walked over to the sofa and sat down. 
“What about you? What’s your plan?” Dustin inquired solemnly, turning to look at her. 
What plan can I have? At this stage, I can only bide my time. 
“I have people looking for Lucinda Xenos, so there’ll probably be news soon,” Joan answered softly while gazing out the window with squinted eyes.
###Chapter 2761
Chapter 2761 
Lucinda Xenos Found 
Ah, it turns out that she has made plans, after all. 
“How did you get acquainted with Joan Watts?’ the bartender asked Abelyn beside him in a murmur while they were in the restaurant. 
“Hmm? Well, I guess you can say that we started out as enemies.” Abelyn chuckled awkwardly, her guard going up at once. This is strange. Why did he suddenly bring up Joan? 
“What is she up to recently?” the bartender pressed without lifting his head. 
At his continued questions, chagrin welled within Abelyn. Putting aside the issue of jealousy, the fact that he had randomly inquired about Joan put her on high alert. 
“Why are you asking? Are you acquainted with her?” Abelyn murmured while stirring the coffee in her cup. She slowly raised her head and regarded the man in front of her with puzzlement. 
“No, not at all. Uh… Do you want a refill for your coffee?” The bartender deliberately changed the subject. Nonetheless, the atmosphere suddenly became tense, and conversation between them tapered. 
Abelyn, who even had a row with her best friends because of her boyfriend, suddenly felt dreary. The joy within her dissipated significantly as well. 
Meanwhile, Joan was nonchalantly flipping through a magazine in the living room. There was nothing much she could do right then, merely waiting for news before executing her plan.
Ring, ring! 
“Your cell phone is ringing, Joan,” Dustin prompted. 
“Coming!” Joan hastily called out, dashing over at once. Glimpsing the caller ID flashing across the screen, she immediately answered the call without the slightest hesitation. 
“How are things going? Have you found her?” Her voice was tinged with a hint of anxiety and worry. 
“Good morning, Ms. Watts. We have found Lucinda Xenos’ whereabouts,” the other party answered confidently. 
“Alright, I got it. Please send me the location, and thank you so much.” 
Oh my God, this is great! Joan squealed as she stood there with excitement written all over her face. 
When Dustin saw that, surprise flooded him. What happened that she’s that happy? He slowly got to his feet and ambled toward Joan, who was a near distance away. 
“What is it? What happened?” 
He scrutinized the woman in front of her worriedly while waiting for her reply. 
“They’ve found Lucinda Xenos, so I’m going to seek her out!” As Joan said that, she made to leave. 
“No!” Dustin shouted out of the blue, causing Joan to jump in fright. 
“What do you mean by that?” Joan eyed the man before her dubiously as bafflement assailed her. 
“You can’t go out go now since there might be reporters waiting to ambush you at the door,” Dustin reminded.
Dear Lord, I forgot about that! All at once, Joan’s gaze dimmed. Those reporters are really bloodsuckers, and they’ll definitely do their best to discredit me. No, I can’t go there personally! 
“I’ll go. Tell me the location, and I’ll go to clarify the entire matter with Lucinda Xenos on your behalf.” Dustin was exceedingly emphatic and resolute, which in turn increased Joan’s trust in him. 
And the truth of the matter was, he indeed deserved her trust. 
In no time, he drove to a nightclub. The nightclub was hopping with people of all genders and ages who mingled together without any restraint, creating a sensual atmosphere. 
Damn her to hell! She could’ve gone to any other place, yet she just had to come to this nightclub! 
Thud! 
Dustin slammed his fist into the wall while emanating a cold aura. There were too many people that he hadn’t any inkling where he should start looking. 
Unbeknownst to him, the cell phone in his pocket had buzzed for a long time. However, he didn’t notice the vibration perchance because it was too crowded in the nightclub. 
Exhausted, he finally plopped down on a seat in a corner. It was only then that he took out his cell phone and noticed the dozen of missed calls from Joan. Seeing that, he quickly left the seat with his cell phone in hand and strode toward the washroom some distance away. 
“Hello. Why did you call, Joan?” Dustin asked, raising his voice while clapping a hand against his other ear. 
“Room 4! She’s in Room 4!” Joan shouted with everything she had to inform him of Lucinda’s room number out of fear that he wouldn’t hear her.
###Chapter 2762
Chapter 2762 
I Am Looking For Someone 
“What did you just say? Room 7? Did you say that Lucinda Xenos is in Room 7?” Dustin swiftly echoed, his expression taut with anxiety. 
“No, not Room 7! It’s Room 4!” Joan hastily corrected him. 
“Room 4? Okay, I got it!” After saying that, Dustin hung up the phone and marched toward Room 4. 
In Room 4, several men and women were talking boisterously. A hedonistic atmosphere hung in the air. 
“Here, have some wine, sir!” 
“Try this bottle of wine, sir! This is a new wine here!” 
“Here, I’ll toast you, Lucinda!” A bald man abruptly stood up. Picking up two glasses of wine, he handed one of them to Lucinda across from him. 
Having a high alcohol tolerance, Lucinda had always been able to hold her liquor. Thus, she was still very much sober despite having drunk three bottles of wine by then. 
“I’ve already drunk a lot, Mr. Lowell,” Lucinda declined. In truth, she knew that she wouldn’t be able to turn it down, so she was merely putting on an act. 
“Hey, how could you say that, Ms. Xenos? Did you drink more than me? No, right? Here, drink it!” The bald man thrust the wine glass at her lips. 
When the few hostesses at the side saw that, they instinctively shuddered, their expressions fearful.
“Okay, since you’ve said as much, Mr. Lowell, I’ll take up the challenge!” After saying that, Lucinda guzzled the wine. 
Bang! The door to the private room was suddenly kicked open. 
“Who did that?” The bald man’s expression was exceedingly aggrieved as he shielded his eyes from the glaring light that shone in with a hand. 
“Me!” Dustin declared coldly. 
Who is he? Surprised, Lucinda stared at the man at the door suspiciously. 
“Who are you? And why did you barge in?” The bald man slowly got up and strutted over to Dustin with a murderous look in his eyes. 
“I’m looking for someone,” Dustin answered bluntly. Like Joan, he had never been fond of beating around the bush. Instead, he spoke his mind and did whatever he pleased. 
“Who are you looking for? Don’t tell me you’re looking for your wife?” the bald man derided, triggering a round of raucous laughter at once. 
At that, Dustin suppressed the urge to step forward and punch him in the face. 
“Lucinda Xenos!” 
The moment those two words rolled off Dustin’s tongue, the bald man scratched his head and swung his gaze at Lucinda, who was a stone’s throw away. 
“I don’t think we’re acquainted, mister. Is something the matter that you’re looking for me?” Lucinda questioned disdainfully while walking over to Dustin. 
Yes, she indeed doesn’t know me. However, I know her!
“How forgetful you are, Lucinda Xenos! Have you forgotten about me so quickly?” Dustin demanded suggestively after casting a glance at the bald man at the side. 
Huh? What did he mean by that? Lucinda’s guard instantly went up upon hearing that. I’ve never even seen him before, okay? What exactly is he trying to do here? 
“What’s the meaning of this, Lucinda Xenos?” The bald man turned vicious. 
At Dustin’s manipulation, only he and Lucinda remained in Room 4 in the nightclub at long last. Plopping down onto the sofa, Lucinda lit a cigarette. “Well? Why did you seek me out?” she demanded, cutting straight to the chase with a contemptuous expression. 
However, Dustin didn’t say anything. Sitting down on another sofa, he then tilted his head and stared at the room of the private room as though waiting for someone to arrive. 
“Spit it out!” Lucinda grew anxious and vexed at his lack of response. 
“Why are you in such a hurry?” Dustin scoffed, throwing her a look. 
Damn it! How dare he speak to me in such a manner? Incensed, Lucinda sprang to her feet and stalked to the door. 
“Get back here!” As Dustin said that, he dragged her back and tossed her onto the sofa at the side. “A word of warning from me—you can either do it the easy way or the hard way!” 
His ruthless voice had Lucinda quivering on the sofa. 
Shortly after, Joan arrived. 
The private room was dimly lit, so Lucinda couldn’t see her countenance clearly when she stepped into the room. Without even lifting her head, she blurted, “Who are you?”
###Chapter 2763
Chapter 2763 
Confronting Lucinda 
“I’m Joan Watts.” 
Upon hearing that, the cell phone in Lucinda’s hand slipped to the floor. 
“Are you sure you can manage alone?” At the side, Dustin stood up and ambled over to Joan. 
“Don’t worry about me.” Joan waved a dismissive hand at him, so Dustin then left the room. 
Meanwhile, Lucinda’s gaze darted around at the sight of Joan before her. She didn’t know what to say or do. 
“Why, have you forgotten me so quickly?” As Joan said that, she sat down with a nonchalant expression on her face. 
What exactly does she want from me? Lucinda rubbed her petite hands vigorously as apprehension seized her. 
“Are you cold?” 
“No.” 
“Then, why are you rubbing your hands?” Joan stared at her while emanating an oppressive aura. 
“It’s just a habit of mine.” 
Hah! She’s obviously nervous and scared, yet she claimed that it’s merely a habit. What a hypocritical woman! Picking up a glass of wine from the table, Joan gulped it down in one go. Conversely, her
expression appeared calm and unruffled. 
“Why did you seek me out?” Lucinda queried softly as she turned and looked at her stonily. 
Well, well… Don’t tell me she hasn’t the slightest idea why I came to seek her out? Shaking her head, Joan heaved a sigh like a person who had experienced too many trials and tribulations in life. “Do you really have no idea why I came to seek you out? It’s just the two of us here, so drop the act, okay?” 
“I have no idea at all! I’m sorry, but I’ve still got something to handle, so please excuse me.” After saying that, Lucinda snagged her handbag beside her and hurried out of the room. 
However, Dustin stopped her when she reached the door. 
“Where are you going, Ms. Xenos?” he questioned contemptuously. In all honesty, he didn’t have a shred of good impression of her. 
“That’s none of your business!” As Lucinda said that, she wanted to forge ahead. 
“You should get back in there.” Shoving her into the private room, Dustin pulled the door closed. 
All at once, terror and panic struck Lucinda, and she didn’t know what to do. A long while later, she pinned her gaze on Joan a near distance away after composing herself. 
“What exactly do you want, Joan Watts?” 
What else could I want? Naturally, I want her to publicly clarify the truth! 
“My request is very simple—set the record straight,” Joan replied candidly. 
“The truth is as reported in the newspapers!” Lucinda sounded incredibly adamant.
Hmph! So, she wants me to set the record straight? Over my dead body! I’ll never set the record straight about that incident! 
Her stance disappointed Joan. She truly couldn’t fathom why she wouldn’t repent. What a pity! She can be a very outstanding woman, but she chose to be a cruel person! 
“Who instructed you to do this, Lucinda?” Joan’s voice carried a hint of accusation. 
I have no grudge with her, nor is there any bad blood between us, so why would she pick trouble with me for no reason? There must be a mastermind behind this! 
“No one instructed me,” Lucinda asserted. 
Does she think I won’t be able to find out the mastermind just because she isn’t telling me? How ludicrous! Getting to her feet, Joan walked to her and patted her shoulder lightly. “A word of advice from me—you should really tell me to avoid inviting more trouble in the future.” 
What does she mean by that? What problems will I invite? Mystified, Lucinda eyed the woman in front of her speculatively. 
“Let me tell you, the person behind this is very cunning and ruthless, so I’d advise you to keep your distance from her.” 
Huh? Does she really know the mastermind’s identity? In an instant, a chilly glint entered Lucinda’s eyes. 
“I’m currently handling this matter, but Larry will certainly take over if I can’t resolve it. At that time, I’m afraid that things will be even more complicated. 
Witty as ever, Joan mentioned Larry right away.
After all, Larry was the most renowned president in this city, so everyone had heard of him.
###Chapter 2764
Chapter 2764 
A Press Conference 
Lucinda kept her head lowered, and her expression was conflicted. Ugh! What should I do? Should I expose Della Duff? She scratched her head as she continued mulling it over. 
“It was Della Duff, yes?” Suddenly, Joan spun around and took a sip of wine. 
Huh? How did she know that? Rushing over to her, Lucinda merely nodded forcefully without saying anything. 
“Alright, I got it. I have a perfect solution…” 
I can’t afford to cross Della Duff, yet Larry Norton and Joan Watts aren’t people I can afford to offend either! Thus, Lucinda knew that she must leave as soon as possible. 
“What do you think about that?” 
“Okay, I’ll do as you say, Joan Watts!” Lucinda agreed emphatically. 
At her agreement, a satisfied smile tugged at Joan’s lips. 
She knew that Della detested her, and she was also aware of her motive in doing all that, but she didn’t want to make things too complicated or cause her relationship with Della to deteriorate further. 
“Why don’t you want to expose Ms. Duff?” Lucinda asked in puzzlement while looking at the woman in front of her seriously. 
“That’s my business, so you don’t need to concern yourself about it.” While saying that, Joan left the room.
At the door, the moment Dustin saw her, he blurted, “How are you planning to handle it, Joan?” 
“Let her go,” Joan answered blasely while waving a dismissive hand. 
Huh? Let her go? Dustin shifted his gaze to the person in the room. What’s happening here? But since she has said as much, I’ll just do as she said. Hence, he shook his head and left with her. 
In the private room, Lucinda kept puffing away on the sofa, looking exceedingly forlorn. Jeez, I really don’t know how I ended up in such a sorry state today! 
Soon, a press conference was held as scheduled, and Lucinda rushed over to clarify the “truth” of the matter for Joan. 
“Are you ready?” Joan promptly queried, patting her on the back. 
“Yup, I’m ready, so don’t worry.” Lucinda nodded resolutely. 
“Everyone, please quieten down. I, Lucinda Xenos, would like to set the record straight. About the bra incident back then, I misunderstood Ms. Watts…” Lucinda narrated the “truth” graciously, but she didn’t expose Della. 
The matter was then resolved in no time. Upon seeing the turn of events, the people Della arranged to pour fuel on the fire dispersed. 
“Was that okay?” Lucinda turned and looked at Joan anxiously. 
“Yes, thank you.” Flashing her a smile, Joan finally breathed a sigh of relief. In reality, she isn’t a bad person. Rather, she was just blinded by greed… 
“You can leave now. Remember not to come back to this city anytime soon,” Dustin reminded Lucinda at the side.
After all, who knew what Della would do to her? 
“Alright, I got it. Thank you.” When Lucinda had said that, she then left. 
With that, the embarrassing scandal drew to an end. 
Joan thought she would then be able to spend the rest of her life with Larry peacefully, but little did she know that Della had already secretly hatched a ploy. 
“What did you just say? Lucinda Xenos has taken off? And she even clarified the matter?” Jumping up from the sofa, Della stared at her assistant in front her of incredulously, appearing a touch apprehensive. 
What a b*tch! Why did she suddenly turn on me? 
Della’s hands clenched into fists. Trembling all over, she darted a panicked look at her assistant and demanded, “What did she say to the reporters?” 
“Don’t worry, Ms. Duff, she didn’t expose you,” the assistant assured. 
Phew! That’s a relief! Della instantly breathed easier, and her knitted brows relaxed. But in the next moment, her eyes blazed with fury. Damn it! That b*tch actually betrayed me for no apparent reason! 
“Where is she now? Where has she fled to?” 
“She seems to have gone abroad,” the assistant replied sheepishly, hanging her head. 
Huh? Why does she have the money to go abroad? No, something’s not right. Someone must have intervened in this matter! Could it be Joan Watts?
###Chapter 2765
Chapter 2765 
We Are Ready 
“Go and check if Lucinda had contacted Joan recently.” Rage boiled in Della as she gritted her teeth, thinking of Lucinda. 
Lucinda, luckily you’re smart enough to know not to expose me as the mastermind of this scheme against Joan. Otherwise, I’ll definitely make you pay for it. 
She strode to the window and stared outside with a ferocious look on her face. My, oh, my, Joan, I certainly did not expect you to do such a trick! Looks like I’ve underestimated you. 
Ding! Ding! Ding! 
Suddenly, the phone on the table rang. 
“Ms. Duff, we are ready,” a man said in a menacing voice. 
“No. Don’t do anything until I give you the instruction to do so.” With that, she hung up the phone. 
The previous incident had just ended, so she needed to pause the plan for a while and let Joan have a breather. I don’t want to push her too far for now, or else she might take drastic actions on me as a requital. 
After the incident regarding the bra was clarified, at last, Joan could go out in public without any harassment from random people on the streets. 
When Joan reached home, Delilah immediately rushed to her, concerned. “How’s it? Is it over now?” 
“Don’t worry, Ms. Young. Everything is settled now,” Joan said reassuringly, giving her the peace sign.
A satisfied grin surfaced on Delilah’s face. Nothing else matters as long as she’s safe. 
“Where is Larry?” Joan looked around, searching for her lover. It seems as though I haven’t seen him for quite a while. I wonder what he’s up to lately. 
“He’s gone on a business trip,” Delilah replied. 
Business trip? When did he leave? No wonder I didn’t see him in the past few days. I thought he had been busy with work in the office, but it turns out that he’s already gone on a business trip. Joan pouted, upset that he did not tell her he would be away. 
Delilah cast a sideways glance at her and chuckled in amusement. “Well, don’t be angry with him. I was the one who asked him not to tell you about it.” 
Fine, I believe Ms. Young has her reasons for that. Joan nodded in response, and Delilah went to the kitchen to set up the table for dinner. 
“Mom!” Lucius called out of the blue and threw himself into her arms. “Dad asked me to tell you that he was on a business trip.” 
Upon hearing the sincerity in his voice, her anger disappeared in an instant. 
I’m so glad to have a child like Lucius. 
She broke into a smile and ran her fingers through his hair. 
“Mom, don’t blame Dad,” he pleaded. 
“Why would I blame him? You’ve explained to me just now.” 
Standing in the kitchen, Delilah saw the sweet interaction between the mother-son duo and smiled contentedly.
“Mom.” Suddenly, a grim look crept upon Lucius’s face. 
Hearing him calling, Joan turned around and looked at him. “Hmm? What is it?” 
“My friend said you snatched someone else’s things in the mall.” He lowered his head and bit his lip. 
How did he know about it? Panic started to rise in her. 
“Lucius, listen to mommy. What your friend said is false. It was just a misunderstanding. If you don’t believe me, you can go online and read today’s news.” As she spoke, she took the tablet from the couch and gave it to him. Soon, a video clip appeared on the screen. 
It was a video about Lucinda clarifying the incident. 
After the video ended, he jumped around in the room and cheered. “I knew it! Mom will definitely not do something like that.” 
Of course. Why would I do that? Joan sighed. 
Just then, a tantalizing fragrance of food and a familiar voice came from the dining room. “It’s time for dinner.” 
Lucius immediately ran there and exclaimed, “Wow, Grandma! You’re incredible! Why did you prepare so many dishes today?” 
Joan followed him in and sat down, picking up a few pieces of shrimp. “Come, Lucius. Try this shrimp. Grandma cooked this specially for you.”
###Chapter 2766
Chapter 2766 
Is He Complimenting Me 
He ate them and smiled in satisfaction. “Thank you, Mom. Thank you, Grandma.” Looking at his bright, innocent smile, Joan’s heart melted, and she felt as though her life was complete. 
“How is it? Does it taste good?” Delilah asked Lucius anxiously. 
He gave her a thumbs up. “Of course! Every dish that Grandma makes is delicious!” 
Since when did he become such a sweet talker? Smiling, Joan fell into a trance looking at the little boy in front of her. 
Although Larry was abroad, he knew everything that happened to Joan lately and chose to trust her despite the doubts in his heart. 
That night, they had a call with each other and talked about the incident between her and Lucinda. After hearing the whole story from her, he praised, “You did well.” 
Is he complimenting me? Joan blushed at his words. At that moment, joy and contentment filled her heart fully. Little did they know that an evil scheme was creeping up on her. 
“When are you coming back?” Joan sounded rather anxious. It had been a long time since she had last seen him. I can’t wait for him to return. 
“There are still a lot of things that need to be dealt with here, so it’ll take a while,” Larry replied. He could understand how she was feeling at the moment as he missed her dearly, too. 
After a brief chit-chat, they ended the call.
When Delilah passed by and saw the forlorn look on her face, she went to sit beside her on the sofa and asked gently, “What is it, dear? Did you miss him?” 
“Yeah,” Joan answered truthfully. Obviously, he had just been away for a few days, but she felt as if he had been gone for several years. 
“It’s okay. I’m sure he’ll be back soon. Chin up!” Delilah patted her shoulder and cracked up at the lovesick look on her. Finally, they were acting like a real married couple! 
Suddenly, the incident at the mall flashed through her mind. “Joan, so who’s the one behind the incident?” Delilah was agog. 
Who else could it be? Of course it’s Della. 
Apart from Gabriella, Della was the only one on earth who hated her with a passion. However, Joan was not ready to tell Delilah about their rivalry yet. 
“Nah, it’s nothing. It was just an accident. Don’t overthink the matter, Ms. Young.” She squeezed her hand reassuringly and left for her bedroom after that. 
Joan lay on her bed, staring wide-eyed at the starry night sky outside the window. The pale crescent moon shone an ethereal glow in the dark sky with a million twinkling stars sprinkled around it. 
As she tossed and turned in her bed, she could not help but think about Della. Why does she want to harm me so badly? Is it just because of Larry? 
She gripped the bedsheet beneath her tightly, furious at the thought of her. 
The next morning, the warm rays of the morning sun shone through the windows and brought warmth to Joan’s room. She opened her eyes and stretched herself before swinging her legs off the bed and striding out of her room.
When she went downstairs, she saw Delilah was busy preparing breakfast in the kitchen. 
“You’ve finally woken up,” Delilah said, pouring a glass of milk for Joan. 
Joan yawned and took a sip of the milk. “Where is Lucius? Has he gone to school?” 
“Yup.” 
Looking at Delilah bustling around behind the kitchen island, Joan felt a sudden sense of guilt. “Ms. Young, you can have a rest. I’ll do the chores later.” 
Delilah turned around and smiled gently. “Since the incident was over, from today onward, you can go back to the flower shop.” 
Oh, yeah! Everything is indeed over. I can finally go back there! Joan was happy as a clam as she thought of this. The store has been closed for quite a long time due to that incident at the mall. 
They had breakfast together before going to the shop. After Lucinda posted the video clarifying the incident, the business of the flower shop was back to normal again. 
“Wow, this flower is beautiful! I’d like a bouquet of this.” 
“Excuse me, miss. I’d like to have a bouquet of these white roses.” 
Gradually, more customers swung by and flocked the store. 
Watching the lively atmosphere in her shop, Joan beamed in satisfaction. She enjoyed this kind of life where she earned everything she wanted through her own effort. Women should be independent.
###Chapter 2767
Chapter 2767 
I Am Feeling Uneasy 
Suddenly, a wealthy-looking lady stepped inside and shouted from the door, “Miss, I’d like to buy some flowers!” 
Frowning slightly at her attitude, Joan walk hurriedly to her and greeted her politely, “Hi. May I know which kind of flower you want to buy?” 
The woman then pointed around the store and ordered more than a dozen of flowers, “Two bouquets of roses, two bouquets of tulips, three bouquets of lilies…” 
Looking at the posh-looking lady, Joan was baffled. Why does she need so many flowers? Even though it was good for the business, she could not shake off the feeling that something was off. 
The woman found her staring and asked, “Why? Is there a problem?” 
Snapping out of her trance, Joan gave her a curt smile and prepared the flowers she ordered. “Not at all.” 
Ah, whatever! She’s a customer anyway. I should just give her the things she wanted. 
Seeing Joan’s serious expression, the woman smirked. 
Before long, all the flowers were wrapped nicely, and Joan brought them to the woman. 
“Here you go, miss.” Joan handed those flowers over to her. 
The woman took a look at them and nodded in satisfaction. “Hmm, well done.”
“I’m glad you’re satisfied.” Joan’s eyes were filled with relief. 
Soon, the woman paid the bill and left with those flowers. Looking at her retreating figure, Joan suddenly had an inexplicable sense of foreboding. 
“Anything wrong?” Delilah patted her shoulder lightly. 
“Ms. Young, I don’t know why, but I’m feeling anxious.” Joan clutched her chest nervously, feeling like something bad was about to happen. 
Delilah frowned. “Did you sleep well last night? If you’re tired, go and rest for a while.” 
Joan nodded and went into the break room at the side. As she sat slumped on the couch in the corner, she massaged her temples in an attempt to calm herself down. 
A while later, Delilah came in and asked, “Are you feeling better?” 
“Yeah. I think I’ll take a nap.” Joan waved dismissively, looking tired. Delilah then took a towel and draped it on her. 
After Delilah exited the room, she fell asleep on the couch not long after that. 
Outside, the flower shop was still crowded with customers. Most of them were female, and everyone chattered a bit in the shop. 
One of the customers noticed that Joan was not around and approached Delilah. “Where’s the boss?” 
“She’s feeling under the weather,” Delilah responded. 
“I see. I hope she gets well…”
Before the customer finished speaking, a high-pitched scream pierced through the air, cutting her off. It came from the break room. 
Worried, Delilah immediately rushed there. “What’s wrong? Joan, did something happen?” 
She sat up and ran her fingers through her hair, looking haggard. “It’s nothing, Ms. Young. I had a nightmare.” 
Delilah heaved a sigh of relief. I thought that she was in danger. 
“It’s just a nightmare. Don’t worry about it,” she comforted, pouring a glass of water for Joan. 
Yeah, it was just a nightmare. But why did it feel so real? Joan shook her head, trying to shake off her uneasiness. Then, she stood up and went out of the break room. 
Boom! Out of the blue, it began to thunder and started to rain cats and dogs. 
“How strange. The weather forecast says there will be no rain today,” Delilah remarked before rushing out to get the flowers outside and close the door. 
Watching the pouring rain outside, Joan quivered and felt scared all of a sudden. However, she had no idea why she was afraid and what she was afraid of. 
“Joan, what’s wrong? You don’t seem yourself,” Delilah asked worriedly. She could see that Joan was not being herself. 
“I’m fine.” She squeezed a smile. 
Ten minutes later, the rain stopped. Delilah shook her head and sighed. “Weather these days changes as quick as a bunny.”
“Joan Watts!” Suddenly, an unfamiliar voice came from the door, and a group of people barged into the shop fiercely. 
Then, one of them, a middle-aged woman, bellowed in fury, “Who is Joan Watts? Come out now!”
###Chapter 2768
Chapter 2768 
She Has Been Framed 
Joan stared quizzically at them. This lot of people is apparently here to stir up trouble, but I don’t think I’ve offended anyone recently. 
“I’m Joan.” She frowned and walked towards those people. 
“So, you’re Joan Watts? Does this flower shop belong to you?” 
“Yes.” She nodded in reply, wondering what they were here for. 
Suddenly, a young man behind the woman picked up a flower pot and hurled it onto the ground threateningly. 
The atmosphere became tense at once. 
Standing next to Joan, Delilah recoiled in horror and took a few steps back. On the other hand, Joan was rather calm, as if she had expected this to happen. 
“Who are you guys? What do you want from us?” she asked coldly. 
“Who am I? I’m the victim’s family!” The woman’s answer was tinged with dissatisfaction. 
Victim? Who is the victim? What does this have to do with me? Joan stared at her in confusion. “What do you mean?” 
“Why? You don’t dare to admit it, do you?” the woman snapped. 
What should I admit? I’ve never harmed anyone.
Then, several bouquets of flowers were thrown to the ground. 
Joan swung her gaze to the flowers and then back at the people in front of her, scowling. Those flowers on the floor were the flowers that the posh-looking lady bought this morning. 
“These flowers are poisonous!” 
How is that possible? Joan quickly defended, “None of the flowers here are poisonous.” 
Both the flowers and the packaging had gone through strict inspections before they were sold to the customers. How can they be poisonous? 
“My daughter got poisoned after buying these flowers, and she’s now hospitalized.” As she spoke, she started to tear up, and the next moment she turned insolent again. “Your flowers are poisonous! We’ve checked them!” 
Joan frowned. “Fine. I’ll hire someone to check my flowers. If it turns out to be our fault, I’ll bear the full responsibility. But if it’s not our fault…” Her voice trailed off. 
It was her first time running a flower shop business. For sure, she would need to handle this matter with great care. 
“Okay, you can get someone to examine them, and we’ll wait here for the results. For the sake of fairness, we need to find a professional to do it!” 
The chosen professional must be someone who neither knew Joan nor the group of people in the store. Not long after that, the person came. 
“Hi, please check these flowers for us and tell us if there’s any problem with them,” Joan greeted politely in a gentle tone of voice.
“Okay.” He nodded. 
Finally, the results were out. 
“These flowers…” The hired professional glanced at the flowers on the ground, seemingly in a tight spot. 
Why is he acting like this? Are they really poisonous? Joan gave him a puzzled look, waiting for his answer. 
“The flowers are indeed poisonous. You should throw them away,” he declared. 
At that instant, his words came like a bolt from the blue, and her mind went blank. Before these flowers were sold, I had checked them plenty of times. How can they be poisonous now? 
“Joan Watts, what else do you have to say now?” the woman yelled, pointing her finger at Joan’s face 
What else can I say? I must have been framed. 
Joan clenched her fists tightly and eyed at the people in front of her sharply. She then took a deep breath to collect herself and spoke in a gentle manner, “Please calm down, Madam. I still need to investigate more on this matter. Rest assured, I’ll give you a satisfactory answer.” 
“What you said is nice, but who knows if you’ll run away,” the young man standing toward the back said. “We must report her to the police and get her arrested.” 
“Yeah, put her in jail!” 
The group started to discuss among themselves with ominous looks.
“Wait! This matter has nothing to do with Joan. I was the one who sold the flowers,” Delilah shouted all of a sudden. 
Joan was stunned. She knew that it was her who wrapped the flowers and handed them over to that customer, not Delilah.
###Chapter 2769
Chapter 2769 
I Will Take The Blame 
“Ms. Young!” Joan hurried to her side. 
“Shh, don’t say anything. Listen to what I have to say,” Delilah said, holding Joan’s hands in hers. 
Then, she continued impassively, “I’m sorry, everyone. I was the one who sold these flowers, so I’ll bear full responsibility.” 
The middle-aged woman looked at Joan and then at Delilah awkwardly. “My daughter said it was Joan who sold her the flowers.” 
Her goal was to get Joan arrested, so she would definitely not let anyone disrupt her plan. 
“The flowers were wrapped by me. Your daughter must have remembered it wrongly,” Delilah insisted. Her persistence shocked Joan. 
“We want to check the surveillance footage!” the young man yelled, displeased. 
“I’m sorry. We’ve just started this business, so we haven’t had the time to install a surveillance camera yet.” Delilah was grateful that they did not have the security camera at the moment. Otherwise, her lie would have been exposed. 
As those people started to discuss among themselves, Delilah crept closer to Joan and whispered, “I’ll take the blame first while you investigate the truth.” 
Joan understood her instantly. 
Just then, police came in and said to Delilah, “Come along with us to the police station.”
Delilah was then detained there. 
The person who was supposed to be at the police station was Joan. However, the poisoned customer fell into a coma suddenly, so there was no one who could point out the person who sold the flowers. Moreover, there was indeed no security camera in the store, so Delilah took the blame to give Joan the time to find out the truth. 
Meanwhile, Larry still had his hands full with work abroad, so he had not known about what happened to Joan back in Chanaea until Caspian gave him a call. 
“Larry, when will you be back?” Caspian sounded anxious. 
“What’s wrong?” he questioned solemnly, having a bad feeling about it. 
“Joan and Ms. Young are in trouble.” There was a hint of anxiousness in Caspian’s voice. “A customer was poisoned after buying the flowers from their shop.” 
Poisoned? Larry was stunned for a moment before grabbing his jacket and running out of the hotel. He continued to listen to the information given by Caspian while giving his assistant a call to ask her to book the earliest flight back immediately. 
The next day, he hopped on a flight and went back to Chanaea. 
Once news about the poisonous flowers spread, people started to show up and stir up trouble in the shop the next day, hindering Joan’s business. Seeing that she could not handle them by herself, she decided to close the shop early. However, before she could close the door, commotion happened once again. 
Bang! 
Someone kicked the door opened, and a few shady-looking men set foot in the store.
“So, you’re Joan Watts? What a jinx!” 
“Yeah. Unscrupulous businessperson like you should be struck by lightning.” 
“That’s right. She looks like a good person, but is in fact selling poisonous flowers!” 
They roamed around the store and started to chastise her. 
Despite their criticism, Joan remained silent and took a deep breath, holding her temper. After all, the poisoning case had not been resolved yet, so she had no words to defend herself. 
Bang! Thud! 
Seeing that she was ignoring them, a few youngsters proceeded to slam her potted plants onto the ground. 
Shortly, the clean floor became a mess, strewn with soil and broken pieces of flowerpots. 
Joan’s expression gradually turned cold as they continued to wreck the store. “What exactly do you want from me?” 
“We need to teach corrupted businessperson like you a lesson! Why are you opening your shop when all you sell are poisonous products? We should destroy your shop to prevent more casualties!” 
What followed after were their incessant mockery and insults. Their strings of jeers felt like needles stabbing into Joan’s heart. 
Just then, a familiar voice came from the entrance. “What are you guys doing?” 
It’s Larry! At that very moment, elation filled her entire being as his presence was more than enough support that she needed right now.
“Get lost!” Larry yelled, glowering at those troublemakers. 
“Who the hell are you? Mind your own business!” one of them yelled back arrogantly, pointing at Larry. 
This is the first time I see someone who dares to defy me. 
Larry strode to Joan’s side and placed his hand firmly on her waist, pulling her in. “What? Do I need to call my people to chase you out of here?”
###Chapter 2770
Chapter 2770 
Have You Disposed The Flowers 
“Hey, we should leave. He is Larry Norton, the president of Norton Corporation,” an older-looking man explained to the youngsters. 
The youngsters did not recognize Larry’s face, but they immediately scurried away in fear after they heard his name. 
Seeing him right beside her, Joan snuggled up to Larry and heaved a sigh of relief. “Why are you here?” 
Thank God he came just in time to save me. 
“Don’t you want me to be back? How could I stand to watch you getting bullied?” Larry held her face and pecked her lips. Then, he asked worriedly, “How’s the investigation? Have you found anything yet?” 
“No, that customer is still in a coma and hasn’t woken up yet.” She shook her head and pursed her lips in dismay. 
“Anything I can help?” 
“No, thanks. I’ll do it on my own,” she replied determinedly with a ruthless gleam in her eyes. I’m sure I can find out the truth by myself. 
“Okay then. Call me if you need anything.” Larry gave her a squeeze affectionately. 
The two of them flirted a little more before cleaning up the mess in the store and left.
Currently, Joan had neither the intention to go home nor visit Delilah at the police station. All she wanted to do now was wait for the poisoned customer to turn conscious at the hospital and prove her innocence. 
Both Larry and Joan sat silently in the car, trying to digest the recent happenings. 
After a long while, he turned to her and broke the silence, looking at her worriedly. “How’s Ms. Young?” 
“She’s okay. It’s just that she wants me to investigate the incident,” Joan replied solemnly. 
D*mn it! Who the hell frames Joan? The more he thought of it, the more annoyed he became. He punched the steering wheel in fury. 
Seeing the furious look on him, Joan drew back in surprise and held his hand. “Don’t worry. I’ll find out who’s behind it.” A cold look flickered across her eyes. 
Shortly after, the car came to a stop in front of the hospital, and they headed straight to the ward. 
As they passed by the nurse station, a nurse greeted Joan amicably, “Hi, Ms. Watts.” Joan merely gave her a nod in reply. 
Then, they walked into the room where the poisoned customer was. Upon entering the room, it was indeed the posh-looking customer that morning. She was now lying on the bed, unconscious and pale. 
Can she really wake up from the coma? Joan felt despair all of a sudden. 
Just then, an elderly woman who was sitting beside the customer saw them at the door and rose to her feet. “What are you two doing here?” 
“Madam, I’m here to visit her,” Joan answered gently. 
“You don’t need to visit her! Go away!” As she spoke, she came towards them and pushed Joan out.
Meanwhile, Larry walked to the bedside and observed the customer up close, trying to see if it was a pretense. 
Later, he approached the old lady with a deep frown and questioned, “How long has she been like this?” 
“That’s none of your business!” she retorted. “It’s all because of those poisonous flowers.” 
The tension in the air increased instantly. 
Is she avoiding my question on purpose? Larry regarded her with suspicion. 
After that, Larry went to the doctor’s office and asked the reason why the customer was unconscious. 
“Yes, she was indeed poisoned, and the poison came from the flowers,” the doctor answered with a solemn look. 
It’s not a pretense then. Larry walked to the window and narrowed his eyes, pondering. After that, he exchanged a few more words with the doctor and left the office. 
He then went to Joan, who was now standing outside the room. “Joan, where are the flowers? Have you thrown them away?” 
“No. They’re still at the shop,” she replied, and a wave of helplessness swept through her. 
Ever since the incident that day, I would become low-spirited whenever I see those flowers in the shop. I never have the slightest intention to harm anyone, and yet, I’m now a heinous sinner in the eyes of others.
###Chapter 2771
Chapter 2771 
The Poisonous Flowers 
All of a sudden, Larry grasped her arm as he pulled her away from the crowd. 
“Larry, what are you doing? We should at least greet them,” Joan said in confusion. Larry remained silent despite her protests and continued to drag her away. 
Why is he acting so strangely? Joan was stunned when she saw the crowd in front of them. 
In the blink of an eye, the duo arrived at the flower shop. 
“These were the exact flowers that I sold to her,” Joan said in earnest as she pointed at a bouquet. 
Warily, Larry knelt to observe the flowers up close. 
“An expert checked these plants before. He claimed that these flowers contain a rare type of poison. Additionally, its toxicity is reliant on time. After a specific time period, all traces of the poison will vanish.” She sighed as she explained. 
Joan could not wrap her head around the issue. Why did the accident only happen in my flower shop? 
After all, these flowers could be easily bought from other flower shops too. All of the plants were sourced from the same place. Yet, the other shops experienced no accidents. Moreover, the poison in the flowers was only discovered after being bought by customers. Was it truly just a coincidence? 
“Were you present when the expert checked these flowers?” Larry asked her with a stoic and serious expression. 
“Yes.”
She could never erase that moment from her memory. Joan had endured the most embarrassing moment of her life when they hurled cruel insults at her. 
“Do you have the expert’s contact number?” 
“Yes!” Joan quickly rummaged for her phone and searched through the list for the expert’s number before sending it to Larry. 
Excellent! The corners of Larry’s lips twitched upwards into a pleased smile when he caught sight of the expert’s number. It seemed like he had found a solution to the problem. 
“Wait for me here. I’ll be heading out for a moment.” 
Bang! The flower shop’s door slammed shut as Larry entered his car and sped off into the distance. 
Seated in the corner of the restaurant, both men locked gazes with each other. They seemed to be waiting for the other to speak up. 
“Mr. Norton, what is your purpose for contacting me?” The expert broke the silence and asked in a wary tone. His gaze was fixated intently on Larry as he spoke. 
“I want to ask you about the poisoning incident that had just occurred,” Larry replied whilst he stirred his cup of coffee. 
Larry’s words caused the expert to jolt upwards in his seat as realization dawned upon the man. “Ah, I recall the incident. What would you like to know?’ 
“Can you tell me about poison’s components and the time period required for it to take effect… “ Larry inquired. He asked specific questions in order to uncover the truth behind the incident.
“These flowers are a rare species. Most of the time, its poison requires a specific period of time to activate,” the expert explained in earnest. 
The expert’s honest and straightforward attitude earned Larry’s respect. It was a pleasant experience to talk to someone with high intellect. Larry’s tensed expression began to relax as he watched the expert talk. 
“Mr. Norton, is there anything else you’d like to know?” 
It was clear that the expert was a respected professional. At the same time, he wasn’t easily swayed or intimidated by power. Thus, the expert did not revere or shower Larry with compliments. Yet, he did not deceive Larry too. The expert remained straightforward and steadfast. 
“I’m grateful for your help.” 
All of a sudden, Larry rose to his feet and outstretched his right hand. 
The scene shocked the expert as he gaped at Larry in disbelief. He hadn’t expected Larry to act in such a modest manner. 
“Mr. Norton, you…” The expert stammered. 
“If you are willing, you can address me by my name. If you don’t mind, we can befriend each other.” Larry offered with a warm smile. 
Huh? Is this a joke? For a brief moment, the expert was stunned speechless. After he snapped out of his daze, he nodded and returned Larry’s smile with a bright grin of his own. 
Larry was confident that the expert would become a valuable friend who would help him greatly in the future.
Gradually, the sky began to darken as the hospital turned quiet. In the ward, an elderly woman seated on the couch sobbed sorrowfully and wiped her tears away. 
“Mom…” The patient on the bed breathed out in a weak voice. 
Immediately, the elderly woman leaped to her feet and ran towards the bed.
###Chapter 2772
Chapter 2772 
Unconscious 
“Sweetie, are you awake?” she exclaimed in a hoarse and raspy voice. 
“Mom, I’m so thirsty,” the patient murmured weakly. Immediately, the elderly woman handed her daughter a glass of water on the table. The woman had a worried and troubled expression painted across her face. 
Bang! The door burst open to reveal two fierce-looking thugs. The men emitted a menacing aura. Seeing the duo, the patient quickly shut her eyes and turned away to hide her face from view. 
“Is she still alive?” one of the men asked coldly. The other thug barged his way in and yanked the patient upright. 
Yet, the patient remained motionless and did not respond to the rough manhandling. The elderly woman couldn’t believe the sight before her eyes. It seemed like her daughter was never awake in the first place. 
Bang! The man hurled the patient back to the bed after she did not respond. With that, the two men left as they pulled out their phones. 
“Sweetie, are you alright?” The elderly woman rushed forward after closing the door. 
Seeing her daughter in such a helpless state caused a pang of sadness in her heart. Just as the patient was about to reply to her mother, the door burst open again. 
“Be careful with your words in the future,” the men uttered before leaving again. Their ominous words served as a sinister warning.
Seeing their figures vanish in the distance, a flicker of anguish flickered across the patient’s eyes. All she wanted was to do was earn money! Who’d expect that she would nearly lose her life because of it! 
“Ms. Duff, she has yet to regain consciousness. You can relax,” a deep and muffled voice echoed from the hallway. 
Tonight, a single crescent moon hung on the night sky. There wasn’t a single star to be seen. The darkness created a very quiet atmosphere. In the deep of the night, most people were in a deep slumber. Yet, there were still a few people who could not fall asleep due to worry and anxiety. 
Joan tossed and turned on the bed. She shifted her gaze eyes towards the dark sky. All of these troubles had caused Joan to lose the bright gleam she once had in her eyes. 
When will everything finally come to an end? Her body trembled as she clenched her blankets in a tight grip. 
“Sweetie, why can’t we let everyone else know that you’ve awakened?” 
“Mom, stop asking about it.” She turned around to face the window. The patient’s haggard face was lined with exhaustion. 
“Is someone trying to hurt you?” her mother questioned again. 
“No,” the patient replied after a brief moment of hesitation. Despite her relaxed tone, her hands were balled into tight fists. There was a sorrowful look across her face. How foolish! I must have lost her mind! Why did I agree to the woman’s deal? The woman is the sole reason I performed those horrendous deeds. 
Whilst Larry worked, he tried to uncover the truth behind Joan’s incident.
On the other hand, Joan remained at the flower shop to tend to her flowers. However, the shop remained devoid of any customers as Joan was plagued with anxiety and helplessness. She feared that the blame would shift to Ms. Young. Additionally, the patient’s unconsciousness was also part of her worries. In the worst-case scenario, the truth would never be uncovered. 
In the office, Caspian could not help but voice his concerns. ”Larry, how are things progressing so far? Caspian asked worriedly. 
What other choice do I have? All I can do right now is investigate this matter step by step. 
Larry lifted his head as he sighed tiredly. His gaze was dark and devoid of any hope. Who exactly is the mastermind behind this plan? 
“Larry, do you need my help?” Caspian asked eagerly. 
Larry remained silent and merely shook his head in reply. 
“Larry, there is actually a matter that arose. I’m not sure if I should let you know…” Caspian stammered. 
“Spit it out!” Larry commanded coldly. 
“Ms. Duff has returned.” 
Caspian’s shocking words prompted Larry to leap to his feet in shock as he whirled around. A dark storm seemed to gather over his head when he heard the news. He’d gone through all this effort to send her out of the country. Why is she back now? 
“She’s asking you out for dinner tonight.” Caspian added.
There is no way I’m going! In an instant, the thought of rejecting her invitation popped into his mind. He had no wish to meet Della again. Larry’s only wish was the spend the rest of his peaceful life with Joan. Yet, his hopeful dream was shattered by countless meddlers.
###Chapter 2773
Chapter 2773 
Finding Out The Truth 
“I have matters to settle. You should go in my place,” Larry replied in a displeased tone. 
What is he talking about? Della had specifically extended her invitation to Larry! Caspian’s expression turned troubled when he heard Larry’s statement. 
“Why do you look like you are in turmoil? Are you unwilling to go?” Larry asked when he saw that Caspian’s mood had taken a drastic turn. 
Of course, I don’t want to go! Jessica had once warned him to stay as far away as possible from Della. 
“Larry, why don’t you tell her that you are unwilling to meet her?” Caspian mumbled bashfully. 
Larry stared at him with suspicion. He wanted an explanation for Caspian’s unwillingness. 
“Ah, Jessica forbade me from contacting Ms. Duff,” Caspian replied with a guilty bow. 
In an instant, realization dawned upon Larry. Jessica must be jealous of Della. It seems like she has strong feelings for Caspian. This trait of hers was rather admirable. 
“Alright, I understand. Continue with your work. I’ll deal with it myself.” Larry dismissed him with a wave of his hand. 
Wait a moment! Is Della connected to the poisoning incident? However, she’d just returned. How could she have the time to be involved in this? Cautiously, Larry mulled over his sudden suspicions towards Della.
He made the decision to unearth more evidence about this case. Only the truth would solve this mystery. 
After he straightened his shirt and tidied up his appearance, Larry headed out. He didn’t visit Joan, nor did he return home. Instead, Larry made his way towards the hospital. 
The elderly woman recognized him immediately. Yet, she did not lash out due to his authoritative status. “Why did you come here?” she asked brusquely. 
“I’m here to visit your daughter,” Larry replied with a gentle smile. With that, he strode towards the bed and scrutinized the patient with a careful gaze. 
All of a sudden, his gaze brightened. It seemed as if he had picked up something. 
“Has she regained consciousness?” Larry asked in order to test the waters. 
“No,” the elderly woman replied in immediate panic. 
It was a blatant lie! Larry turned towards the patient again as a frown began to furrow his brows. There were fruit stains flecked under the patient’s nails. It seems like she hadn’t managed to clean them in time. Larry was confident that she had regained consciousness. 
“Let me handle all of your hospital and medical fees.” Larry continued firmly. 
The elderly woman merely nodded her head as she let out a sound of acknowledgment. Her worried gaze darted back to her daughter. 
“Why isn’t she awake yet? She’s been unconscious for so many days,” Larry commented on purpose. His eyes remained fixated intently on the patient.
Although the patient’s eyes remained shut, he could clearly see that her eyeballs twitched underneath her eyelids. This time, Larry was even more certain that she was awake. 
“Please collect the medicine.” A nurse walked over and informed the elderly woman in a sweet and gentle voice. 
Immediately, the elderly woman left the ward as she trailed after the nurse to collect her daughter’s medicine. 
Seeing their figures vanish in the distance, Larry crossed his arms behind his back in contemplation before he knelt down and whispered into the patient’s ear. “Speak up, who asked you to do this?” 
The patient flinched but kept her eyes close. 
“I know that you are awake. Tell me the truth; I’ll make sure to protect you.” Larry’s baritone voice was bewitching and compelling at the same time. Slowly, the patient opened her eyes. 
“Please close the door,” she asked quietly before closing her eyes in fear that someone else would notice that she had awoken. 
Larry spared a glance at the door before closing it shut. 
“How did you know that I was awake?” 
Larry remained silent and merely extended a finger towards her nails. Immediately, the patient was aware that he was someone who couldn’t be easily underestimated. 
“Alright, I will tell you the truth. However, you have to promise that you’ll keep me and my mum out of harm’s way.” 
“No problem!” Larry vowed.
After receiving confirmation of his promise, the patient began to recall her past… 
At the same time, Joan was busy cleaning up the flower shop. 
Knock! Knock! Knock! Loud bangs echoed as someone pounded rapidly on the door. 
How strange, the shop isn’t open today! Quickly, Joan walked outside to investigate the loud noises. Yet, she froze up in utter panic when she caught sight of the angry mob knocking at her door. 
That’s right; there were a group of good-for-nothings looking for trouble. 
“Joan, open the door! You have the audacity to harm others. Yet you won’t confess your sins!” 
“That’s right! How could you let Ms. Young take the blame for the murder that you committed?”
###Chapter 2774
Chapter 2774 
Angry Mob 
“Ungrateful witch! You are nothing but a heartless murderer!” 
In the blink of an eye, Joan was falsely labeled with countless defamatory titles. 
I’m not an ungrateful witch; I’m not a heartless murderer! Joan sank to her knees with her head clutched in her hands as she whispered to herself. Their ferocious faces and loud hollers caused Joan to stiffen in panic as she gasped for air. Additionally, it felt like she was being suffocated by their murderous glares. 
Joan could not control the chaotic situation that erupted around her. In the midst of the mayhem, she found herself desperately longing for Larry. Yet, her lover was not by her side. 
Bang! All of a sudden, a few youngsters began to pelt the flower shop with rocks. 
Seeing their behavior, a flash of unadulterated fear began to grow in her eyes. What should I do? Anxiously, she paced back and forth in front of the counter. 
“Come out!” 
“That’s right, hurry up and show yourself!” 
As more time passed, the horde outside the shop grew in size. Their frenzied yells seemed to rise in pitch too. Yet, not a single person stepped up to defend her. 
“Stop it!” Joan heard the echo of a familiar voice. 
Dustin!
Joan’s worried expression relaxed after she saw his figure outside her shop. 
“I’ll lodge a report if you continue to wreak havoc.” Dustin threatened whilst he pulled out his phone and pretended that he was about to make a call. 
“How hilarious! Go ahead and call the police. They won’t detain us. Instead, they will capture the culprit – Joan Watts,” the crowd hollered in retaliation. 
In an instant, the crowd erupted back into chaos. 
These people were utterly despicable! Dustin glared at the crowd before him with clenched fists. Seeing their reckless behavior filled him with rage. It was clear that the incident hadn’t been settled yet. How could they try to shift the blame and point their fingers to accuse Joan? Is it because that the security in this area was poor? Or is it due to their lack of moral values? 
Dustin felt a stab of disappointment and helplessness when he stared at their rowdy antics. After all, he was aware of his own strengths and limitations. He wouldn’t be able to help Joan at all. However, he could not stand by idly whilst they attacked her. 
“Leave this place in an instant!” All of a sudden, a man emerged in front of everyone. 
The crowd seemed to stir restlessly as the man approached. “Mr. Owens, isn’t this matter unrelated to you?” 
“Joan’s business is my business,” Caiden replied airily. 
His bold reply silenced them immediately. They were too fearful to refute Caiden’s statement. 
Caiden’s high status was well known to everyone. Even if they hadn’t seen him before, they would have heard his name. He was ruthless when it came to handling business and performed his tasks with
frightening accuracy. Additionally, Caiden was a man of his word. There were rumors that he gave the cold shoulder to every woman except Joan. 
In the blink of an eye, the crowd scattered. Dustin and Caiden were the only two people left on the scene. 
The two men greeted each other respectfully before walking into the flower shop. 
“They’ve left. Are you alright?” Dustin questioned worriedly and clutched Joan’s arm. 
The angry mob had left Joan stricken with fear. In her state of fright, she couldn’t muster a reply to his question and merely nodded to confirm that she was unharmed. 
“Joan, what happened?” Caiden stepped forward and asked with concern. 
What else would it be? This is all part of a ploy to harm me! ”I’m being framed,” Joan replied lowly as her body trembled in uncontrollable quivers. 
Caiden could hear the helplessness and despair in her tone from Joan’s reply. It seemed like there were countless people who longed to tear her down. 
“What do you plan to do next?” Caiden sighed and asked her. Her pitiful state caused his gaze to darken. There was a pang of sadness that bloomed in his heart when he saw Joan. 
The attack left her confused and helpless. She couldn’t find any evidence to prove her innocence. “I don’t know.” 
“What about Larry? Why isn’t he helping you?” Caiden continued to question. 
“He’s extremely busy. However, he’s helping me to uncover the truth behind this incident,” Joan replied calmly. She seemed to lost hope in the matter.
“Relax, the justice and evidence of this case will prevail in the end. I know that you wouldn’t ever harm someone else. The truth will be revealed eventually,” Dustin reassured her firmly.
###Chapter 2775
Chapter 2775 
Sacrifice 
I believe one day, the truth will prevail. However, I doubt if all the sacrifice and damage caused are worth it. 
“Joan, give me back my daughter’s life!” Out of a sudden, an older man emerged with a knife and charged towards Joan. 
Joan was shocked by this scene. 
“Joan, look out!” Dustin swiftly pushed her away towards the wall. 
The knife was driven right into Dustin’s chest, and blood instantly streamed down his body. 
“Dustin!” Joan paled in fright as she held his wound in a panic. 
Caiden kicked the older man out of the flower shop and immediately escorted Dustin into the car, along with Joan. 
The older man with the knife was none other than the father of the victim who was currently lying in the hospital. 
Looking at the fresh blood dripping from Dustin’s body, Joan bawled out her eyes. 
Dustin shut his eyes, but his mouth continued to comfort the woman in front of him. However, it was before long that he ran out of strength to speak. 
With that, Joan was weeping in despair like a crazy woman. Soon they arrived at the hospital. At the sight of Caiden, all the nurses and doctors rushed to help Dustin, who had already lost consciousness
by that time. 
At the entrance, Joan kept stomping her feet while waiting anxiously. Her eyes were filled with complete desperation. 
“This is all my fault. I should be the one stabbed.” She kept hitting at her own brain while tears continued to stream down her face. She wished she was the one who got hurt and would not have anyone sacrifice for her, especially not Dustin, whom she had owed so much. 
“Joan, calm down. Dustin will be fine.” Caiden hugged her tightly, trying to give her some comfort. 
He could not bear looking at the woman he loved suffering in turmoil. 
“Joan!” Just then, Abelyn rushed into the corridor, with a look more petrified than any other time. 
In fact, her heart sank into the deepest abyss the second she received this news. 
“How’s Dustin? What happened?” Abelyn’s voice carried a hint of blame, while she tried hard to recollect herself. 
“Abelyn, it was all because of me. I’m terribly sorry.” Joan blamed herself for what happened, but she knew all apologies were meaningless at that moment. 
Abelyn stomped her foot in exasperation, rage welling in her heart. All that was left for her to do was close her eyes and pray for Dustin’s safety. 
Finally, the ward’s door was opened after a long wait. 
“Doctor, is he okay?” Joan rushed to the doctor and asked anxiously.
“Right now, he is out of danger. Fortunately, you brought him here in time, or else the condition would be severe if he lost too much blood.” The doctor explained while taking off his mask. 
All of them breathed a sigh of relief,. 
Thank God he’s fine. Or else I wouldn’t know how to live with that. Joan wiped away her tears and went into the ward at once. 
The three of them sat on the couch and stared silently at Dustin, waiting for him to wake up. 
“Caiden, you should leave first. You still have a lot of work back in the company.” Moments later, Joan turned and gazed at Caiden with an earnest look. 
She could not help feeling guilty for holding Caiden up for so long. 
“It’s alright. Those works are not important,” Caiden replied faintly. He meant to say that nothing was more important than Joan, and of course, Joan knew what he meant. She turned away, unwilling to look at him. 
“Joan…” At that instant, the man lying on the bed resumed his consciousness. 
“Dustin is asking for you. Fast!” Abelyn gave Joan a push.
###Chapter 2776
Chapter 2776 
Awakened 
“Dustin, I’m here. I’m Joan.” She ran to the side of the bed and said gently. Dustin opened his eyes slowly, with his breath sounding extremely weak and short. 
If I knew this would happen, I would never open a flower shop! 
Looking at the miserable Joan, Caiden felt as though a thousand needles were stabbing through his heart. 
“You fool. Don’t be sorry. We are good friends, aren’t we?” Dustin struggled to lift his hand and grabbed Joan’s gently. 
Indeed, he simply wanted to protect her, without expecting anything in return. 
Plus, he was fully aware that love was not something that could be forced. Thus, he had decided long ago to let go of her and look after her as a friend forever. 
“Dustin, I have to admit, you are truly brave.” Just then, Caiden stood up and walked up to Dustin. 
“I’m sure you would do the same if you’re in my shoes,” Dustin responded. 
Caiden nodded. Indeed, I would not hesitate for a second to take her place. Both of them exchanged glances and smiled. 
Any man who failed to get the woman he loved would definitely choose to back down and protect her as a friend. This applied to both Caiden and Dustin. Thus they had something in common after all.
“It’s time for medicine.” Right then, a nurse came in and placed some medicine on the table. “Don’t move around these few days until you recover. Remember this.” 
Abelyn, who was staring from afar, looked utterly dispirited. She could not accept that her best buddy who was still playing around lively just the previous day, was now lying on a hospital bed. 
“Abelyn, what are you doing? Why are you so quiet? Don’t tell me you broke up with the bartender.” Looking at Abelyn, Dustin tried hard to crack a joke. 
“You b*stard. You wish that’s true, don’t you?” Abelyn walked over to his bed slowly while wiping away her tears. 
“I’ve told you that bartender is not a good man. Really. But you don’t believe me.” Dustin became too agitated that he choked a few times. 
“Take it easy! Stop talking, please. You should rest!” Abelyn tucked him in. 
It had become their mutual entertainment to poke at each other every time they met without realizing it. 
A short while later, the two of them started bickering again. Joan and Caiden who were watching beside could not help but burst into laughter. 
Indeed, Dustin and Abelyn could have made a perfect couple. However, neither of them viewed the other party romantically. 
“Alright. Then I’ll go back first. Call me if anything happens.” Caiden looked at Joan affectionately. 
“Okay. Thanks so much,” Joan said gently with a smile. 
Even now, Caiden still was deeply attracted by Joan every time she displayed her genuine smile.
The two of them exchanged a few more words before Caiden left the hospital. Back in the ward, the atmosphere had transformed from bitterness to joy, as Dustin and Abelyn were still joking around. 
“Abelyn, do you have a heart? I am a patient right now, okay? Shouldn’t you show some mercy on me?” Dustin said while acting indignantly. 
“Are you kidding me? Yes, you are a patient. But at the same time, you are a man. What kind of man fights with a lady?” Abelyn responded without any sign of weakness. 
This scene in front of Joan somewhat warmed her heart. It’s just like old times as if nothing has happened.
###Chapter 2777
Chapter 2777 
Dinner Invitation 
“Alright, stop fighting. It’s not early anymore,” Joan mumbled while tidying the stuff in the ward. 
“Joan, I want to go home.” Out of a sudden, Dustin expressed his thought. 
What’s going on? Does he really want to leave the hospital? Joan could not wrap her head around it. His sudden sentence also confounded Abelyn while she stared at him with a bizarre look. Did he eat the wrong medicine? 
Abelyn ran to the table and start checking the medicines on it. 
“I don’t like to stay here. Plus, I am a doctor myself, so I’m fully capable of taking care of my wound.” 
Alright. It’s true that he used to be a doctor. Maybe I should respect his decision. 
“No way!” Abelyn shouted abruptly after checking all the medicines. 
What’s she up to now? Dustin cast Abelyn a cold glance from his bed, anticipating what she was about to say. 
“You can’t go home. You have to stay here for a few days. If you go home, who is going to take care of you?” 
“I have you at home.” Dustin had expected that from Abelyn, and he responded right away. 
“No can do. I still need to go dating. Who has the time to look after you?”
It’s that bartender again, isn’t it? Dustin turned his face away and refused to look at Abelyn anymore. What a foolish woman. I bet she wouldn’t even know even if that man sells her out. 
“You have not broken up, have you?” Joan asked surprisingly. 
What kind of question is that? Abelyn stared at Joan with a rigid look, obviously displeased. Then she lifted her right hand and swore, “I’ll be responsible for my own love affair. I’m sure this will have a good outcome eventually!” 
Upon hearing that, Dustin covered his head with the blanket, reluctant to talk to that unwise woman anymore. 
“Caspian, please make a call to Della. Tell her that the dinner’s on me today.” Back in the office, Larry lifted his head and talked to Caspian earnestly. 
Yes? Why would Larry want to treat that woman suddenly? Caspian looked at Larry in slight bewilderment but then chose not to stick his nose into this matter. 
“Caspian, are you sure? Larry wants to invite me to dinner?” Della sounded skeptical on the phone. 
“Yes, Ms. Duff. Larry specially asked me to call you in person.” Caspian explained slowly, as he was also startled when first heard about this. 
After all, Della has always been the one taking the initiative in their relationship. Not once did Larry ever approach her like this. 
After hesitating for a long while, Della eventually agreed to the invitation. Of course, she intended to make full use of this opportunity. However, she had no idea as to why Larry was asking her out this time.
The soothing music and the fragrant aroma were the perfect matches with the mesmerizing roses on the tables at the restaurant. 
Eager to meet Larry, Della had arrived at the restaurant long before their appointed time. 
Why isn’t he here yet? With every second passed, Della’s anxiousness started to increase while she stared attentively at everyone who entered the restaurant, as she feared she would miss him. 
“You’re early.” Out of a sudden, Larry’s voice echoed from behind her. 
“It’s fine. I’m free today.” Della was shocked and let out a shy smile while sorting her hair. “Larry, what’s the rare occasion?” 
Why else? Obviously it is about Joan. 
Larry did not provide an answer, as he lifted his hand asking for the waiter. He offered after the waiter came with the menu. “Della, what would you like to order?” 
Della finished ordering in a few seconds, and she did not order much. As a fact, she had eaten a meal with Jake before she came here. 
“Add a cup of coffee for me.” Upon saying that, Larry handed the menu back to the waiter. “How have you been lately?” he greeted gently after that.
###Chapter 2778
Chapter 2778 
Confrontation 
Della was slightly astonished by his greeting. Is he caring for me? A wave of joy was blooming within her heart, but she willed herself to calm down. 
“I’m good.” Her fingers nervously clenched onto the side of her shirt. 
“Last time when you went back, did you pay a visit to Mr. Duff?” Right then, Larry asked tentatively. 
“Huh? Oh… nope. I didn’t have the time to visit my Dad.” Della immediately explained in a slightly panicky tone, as going home was merely a lie. 
Why’s he suddenly asking me this? Or had he found out something? Della unnaturally took a sip of coffee while trying to calm her nerves. 
“No wonder Mr. Duff called me a while ago, asking me to take good care of you.” Larry elaborated slowly, his tone sounded extremely composed. 
Who needs his care? I am fully capable of taking care of myself, okay? Della cast a complicated glance at Larry. If he really means what he says, he should have agreed to be my boyfriend. 
“Yes, I know. Dad mentioned it. But I’m fine,” Della responded deliberately. 
“Where exactly did you go the last time you flew overseas?” 
Della was at a loss with Larry’s extraordinary calmness. She kept staring at Larry but failed to derive any clue of his motive. Did he know about me giving Joan a hard time last time?
“I went to another country for a vacation. Just taking a break from here.” Della narrowed her eyes as she gazed outside the window with a dark expression. 
It looks like she is still feigning ignorance. Larry took up a teaspoon and started stirring his cup of coffee. “Which country?” 
Why is he so persistent? With that, Della started to feel offended. Could it be that Joan has told him everything? 
“Larry, why do you want to know this? This is my privacy,” Della answered with a ruthless tone. 
Indeed, that is her privacy, but at the same time, it is related to Joan. If Joan never confesses about it, I would be in the dark forever about how evil this woman actually is. 
“Della, I’m sure you know about Joan and me. We both love each other truly. So I hope that you won’t pester her in the future. Just come at me directly if you have any issue.” 
So he’s just worrying about Joan, after all. Della snorted coldly in a disdained manner. “Larry, what do you mean? What exactly do you want from me?” 
Della’s face was now flushed red with anger. 
“You know exactly what I mean. I am warning you not to find fault with Joan anymore. Or else I won’t have mercy on you due to our past relationship.” 
Larry’s temper had erupted finally. 
“So are you going to end our friendship just because of a single incident?” Della was at a loss with Larry’s gesture. 
“Della, are you sure that it was just a single incident?”
Della was stunned momentarily upon hearing that. There’s no way he could find out about those recent incidents, is there? 
“I have no idea what you’re talking about. I still have some other things to do, so please excuse me.” She could not bear to endure this humiliation anymore. 
“Della, my last piece of advice for you. Stay away from Jake, or else one day you will end up his victim.” 
Indeed, Della knew that Larry’s advice was well-founded. Jake had never once treated her as a friend, but just a pawn in his game. 
“I don’t need your opinion on who I choose to befriend. Please mind your own business.” Upon saying that, Della stormed out on her heels. 
D*mn it! On the street, Della stomped her heels in exasperation. How naive was she to think that Larry asked her out to express his goodwill, as the reality turned out to be far beyond the expectation? 
Back in the restaurant, Larry was relaxing on his seat while casually cutting his steak, as though nothing had happened.
###Chapter 2779
Chapter 2779 
Disguise 
On the other hand, Della sat on a stone chair by the street while staring stressfully into the sky.I wonder how did he find out about this? Out of a sudden, Della’s expression recoiled in fear when a thought flashed through her mind.Could it be that victim? Has she woken up in the hospital? 
Without hesitation, Della jumped into her car and accelerated all the way to the hospital. 
Not to her knowledge, Larry was overseeing her from inside the restaurant. A smile appeared on Larry’s face while he rose and left the restaurant slowly.If I’m not mistaken, she must be headed to the hospital.Thud! The ward’s door was kicked open forcefully. Della anxiously paced towards the bed and observed the woman lying on it. She shook the bed a few times, but the latter did not show any reaction. 
“Wake up! I know you are conscious. Open your eyes now! I have something to ask you!” Della could no longer suppress her emotions as she started shaking the patient’s body rudely. 
“Hey!” Someone shouted from the door. 
“Who are you? What are you doing to my daughter? Don’t you dare touch her!” An older woman barged in and pushed Della aside. 
“Answer me. Has your daughter woken up?” Della grabbed the older woman’s arm anxiously. 
The older woman was astonished by her actions, but she soon resumed her normal expression. “Are you crazy? I would be the first to know if my daughter had wakened up. Get lost now!”Bam!The door was slammed shut and Della was left outside.
Della stared at the floor with her eyes filled with murderous instinct. I must not let her reveal anything! No way! She left a few moments later in a daze. 
“Sweetie, who was that?” The older woman asked her daughter. 
“Mom, remember that she is a bad person. Stay away from her.” The patient replied anxiously as she had no idea why Della showed up suddenly.Did Larry tell her something? 
She turned and stared off into the distance out of the window. Her mind sank into deep contemplation. 
At that moment, the door was swung open gently. A man walked in, while the older woman was obviously displeased with him. 
“Mom, I am craving for meatloaf,” the daughter said before the older woman could open her mouth. The latter hesitated for a second and walked out of the ward. 
“Did she come to find you?” Larry got to the point. 
Hence, the atmosphere became awkward. 
“Yes, she just left not long ago.” The patient replied softly in fear. 
“Don’t worry. I won’t let her hurt you and your mother. Let me ask you something. Do you want to go overseas?” Larry’s blunt question caught her off guard.What is he thinking? Her face turned grim in an instant. 
“If you’re willing, you can leave behind a recording of your testimony. Then I can send you and your mother overseas, using medical treatment as a reason,” Larry explained patiently.This sounds like a good idea. The patient’s expression started to relax, and she said hesitantly, “But I’m afraid that Ms. Duff…”
Larry knew exactly what was in her mind, and he fully understood her current concern. “Don’t worry, leave that to me.” 
She finally let go of her tightly clenched fist. For my own life and my mother’s life, I need his help. 
Later, Larry elaborated to her all the details of his plan. 
After that, Larry walked right out of the ward. When he walked past one of the wards, his pace suddenly halted, as he heard a familiar voice from within. 
“Come, take it easy.” Joan was handing a lunchbox over to Dustin who was lying in the bed. Her expression seemed extremely gentle.Why are they together? Why is Dustin in hospital, and why is Joan taking care of him? The more he thought of it the darker his expression grew. 
Dustin initially intended to be discharged two days ago, but the doctor advised him to stay for observation for a few more days, and he complied.
###Chapter 2780
Chapter 2780 
Misunderstanding 
“Joan, you can go back. I’m totally fine now, so don’t bother about me.” On the other hand, Dustin seemed somewhat eager for Joan to leave, as he would not want Larry to misunderstand if he found out. 
“It’s fine. I would be bored at home too.” Joan replied with a faint smile. 
In fact, she was trying to compensate him. 
“Alright, you lie down for a while. I’ll go take some hot water.” Upon saying that, she grabbed the thermos flask. The second she stepped out of the ward, she noticed Larry standing not far away. 
Joan’s face was filled with utter awkwardness instantly. “Larry, why are you here?” 
Right. If I am not here, how would I find out that you’re with Dustin? What a joke! I work my heart out for you every day, yet you are taking care of another man. Such an irony! 
“I came to visit that patron.” Larry pointed at the ward nearby. 
“I see. She has not wakened.” Joan sounded desolate. In fact, she would check on that patron every day, but she did not know that she had actually wakened up. 
“Is it?” Larry let out a smile. “I got to go. See you later.” Upon saying that, he turned to leave. 
Staring at Larry’s back figure, Joan’s heart sank to the bottom. Forget it. I’ll explain to him later. 
“Joan, was that Larry?” Back in the ward, Dustin asked in a low voice.
“Yes…” 
“You should go and explain to him.” 
Joan merely smiled stiffly without a word. Eventually, Joan did not explain it to Larry, and Larry never brought it out before her. Their life seemed normal like before; it was just that the topic between them became lesser and lesser. 
“Mom!” The moment Lucius reached home, he hopped right into Joan’s embrace and kissed her chin deeply. “Mom, I miss you so much.” 
Indeed, she had been busy taking care of Dustin these few days, and also trying hard to find new evidence. Naturally, she would not have enough time to care for her kid. 
“Today I met Caiden again. He went to our school for some charity events.” Lucius started sharing his day excitedly. “When I grow up, I want to be like Caiden.” 
Lucius was indeed a naive and honest kid. It was true that Caiden had been doing a lot of charities recently, which was one of the signs that he was doing well in his business. 
“Mom, where’s Dad?” Lucius lifted his head to ask Joan. 
“He’s working late.” He had been working late for three consecutive days. Maybe he doesn’t want to see me. 
At the thought of this, a dark expression loomed over her face. 
Back at Norton Corporation, the colleagues started leaving the company one after another. In the office, Caspian reminded Larry, “Larry, it’s nighttime already. Are you not going home?” 
“Okay, got it. You can leave first.” Larry did not even lift his head.
Looking at Larry who was obsessed with his work, Caspian dared not interrupt him further. 
Analyzing all the data on the documents, Larry knew that his fashion business was getting on the right track. 
Not bad. All these designs are unique and suit the youngster’s style perfectly. His lips curled into a smile of satisfaction. 
After a few days, Larry had finished arranging everything, including the recording. 
“Are you there?” 
“Yes, Mr. Norton. Don’t worry.” 
The both of them exchanged a brief conversation and hung up. The person on the other end of the phone was the female victim who got poisoned previously. 
On the other hand, in another ward, Joan and Abelyn were busy packing Dustin’s stuff.
###Chapter 2781
Chapter 2781 
An Unlikely Pair 
“Stop being so melodramatic. Why’s a big man like you being so wishy-washy for?” Abelyn said in displeasure inside of the ward. 
“Nobody asked you to come pick me up,” Dustin rejoined. 
This prick’s really getting under my skin! 
Whack! Abelyn aimed a pillow right at him. 
Oof! Dustin clutched at his stomach like the hit was excruciating. 
“What’s wrong? Are you okay?” Joan hurried over, extremely concerned. She would become anxious whenever Dustin exhibited even the slightest hint of discomfort. 
Dustin merely turned himself around slowly and blinked at her. 
“Argh!” Dustin yelled at the top of his lungs. 
Pfft. Whinier than a woman! Abelyn silently stared him down. 
“It really hurts!” Dustin’s commitment to his performance was absolute. 
Is that right? Abelyn picked up a few more pillows and fired all of them his way. 
“Ah! Hey, watch it!” Dustin was incensed. 
“Well, isn’t that fun? We’re all busy packing up, so nobody’s in the mood to be part of your little sideshow!”
The entire room was enveloped in silence in a heartbeat. Why is this woman blowing her top up all of a sudden? Dustin pursed his lips and took to gathering up the things around him immediately. 
Joan was quite amused by the antics of this unlikely pair. Why was it that they just would not get together? This was something that continued to baffle Joan. 
Very soon, they were all packed up and en route to Abelyn’s villa. 
“Woohoo. We’re finally back!” Abelyn spread her arms gaily as though to embrace her own arrival in the living room. 
As though you haven’t been back in years. Dustin twitched his eye at her before he went on to settle himself down on the couch. 
Thump. Came a knocking upon the door. 
“Who is it?” Abelyn shouted as she got to her feet, sounding a little annoyed. 
“It’s me!” The familiar voice from outside belonged to Jessica. 
“Oh, what brought you here?” Abelyn’s excitement was apparent when she hurried over to let Jessica in. It had been quite a while since they last met, so she really missed her. 
“Why? Am I not welcomed?” Jessica nudged at her friend’s head frivolously. 
“Nonsense. I’ve been looking forward to your visit every single day.” Abelyn then put her right arm over Jessica’s shoulders. There was much banter and good cheer accompanying the two women into the living room. 
“Hey Joan. Hey Dustin.” Jessica greeted the two persons seated on the couch as soon as she spotted them.
“Why are you here?” Dustin stood up and eyed the newcomer in suspicion. 
“Say, are you and Abelyn dating? Is that why both of you sound more and more alike?” Jessica patted Abelyn on the shoulder as she cast her a meaningful look. 
Joan appraised the scene before her almost expectantly. 
“Rubbish. I’m already attached, alright? Besides, that swinging bachelor Dustin over there has exceedingly high standards, yeah?” Abelyn dismissed it casually. 
What’s this lass blabbering about? He firmly rejected the notion that he had stringent requirements of any prospective partners. 
“How’s your recovery coming along? Are you feeling better now?” Jessica asked in concern. She was quite out of the loop while she had been out of the country for work, and only learned about the troubles at Joan’s flower shop upon her return yesterday. 
“Relax, all is well cause this man’s here a real stud!” Dustin thumped upon his own chest confidently. 
“As if. You should’ve seen how that stud squealed and writhed when I bombed him with a pillow in the hospital just now.” 
Abelyn’s exaggerated and humorous take on events did much to enliven the mood. 
Dustin quietly acknowledged his inability to dispute the truth when he departed from the living room and slinked away into the kitchen. 
“I’ve heard about what happened.” Jessica seemed worried as she turned to regard Joan, but placed a reassuring hand on her back. “But don’t worry. I’m sure Larry will think of something.”
###Chapter 2782
Chapter 2782 
One Missed Call 
Joan merely smiled stiffly. Would he? She supposed that Larry might still be upset about things between Dustin and herself. 
“Let’s not talk about those unpleasant things today, shall we? It’s so rare that we’re able to get together, so I must insist that all of you stay for dinner.” 
“Hurry up and call Nancy!” Abelyn said as she tossed the phone to Jessica. 
Since befriending Nancy, she and Abelyn had only grown closer. Perhaps the bond stemmed from commonalities in their personal experiences, or maybe they just had a natural affinity for each other. 
“What? You’re not coming? Why? Joan and I are here already,” Jessica fretted before Abelyn snatched the phone from her. 
“You’ve half an hour to show yourself, Nancy Barrymore. If I don’t see you then, don’t come around again.” 
With that, Abelyn hung up. 
That poise and that tone was totally badass! Jessica flashed her a huge thumbs-up. 
Joan was the only one who was more subdued throughout. She seemed a little pensive at the moment. 
“What’s the matter, Joan? Are you not feeling well? Still worried about the incident at the flower shop?” Jessica frowned slightly as she held her delicate hand.
“It’s nothing.” Joan shook her head and eked out a smile. It was a blatant lie. She was indeed worried, but her thoughts were mostly concentrated on Larry. It had been several days since he last initiated contact and that made Joan a little saddened. 
“Have you been fighting with Larry?” 
It was Jessica who nailed it. 
Joan did not answer before she made her way into the kitchen. 
“I’ll give you a hand here, Dustin.” She then rolled up her sleeves and began to wash the vegetables which were placed to the side. 
Jessica sighed helplessly when it occurred to her that there were serious issues between Joan and Larry. 
Soon, Nancy was at the door and swiftly joined in. 
“Huh? I thought you weren’t coming? What made you decide to show up?” Abelyn regarded Nancy and goaded the latter teasingly. 
“Cause y’all will kick me out of the sisterhood if I don’t!” Nancy shrugged and brushed it off in good humor. 
That had everyone else burst into laughter. 
Perhaps it was owing to the joyousness of the occasion that the lot of them had gotten a little tipsy. 
“I’m going to head back,” Joan waved as she shouted. That was a hint of urgency to her inflection. 
“What do you mean go back. You’re going to stay over tonight.” Abelyn then wrapped her arms tightly around her, as though afraid that the latter might make a break for it.
“Seriously, I can’t. Larry’s still waiting for me at home.” 
“Oh come on, it’s already late and so dark out there. Let’s not argue this. We can’t rest easy having you go back by yourself like that,” Jessica muttered in displeasure as she lazed on the floor. 
Ding, ding, ding… 
A phone to the side was ringing, but no one was sure whose it was. Dustin simply snagged it up and answered. 
“Where are you?” The male caller did not sound very happy. 
“Who the heck is this?” Dustin suddenly raised his own voice in annoyance. He was so sloshed that he could not even recognize that it was Larry. 
Larry’s eyes darkened upon hearing this familiar and irksome voice coming from the other end. How is it that they are together? 
Is Joan that desperate? 
Larry’s fists were wound tight and his demeanor was frighteningly cold. “Get Joan to the phone.” 
“What was that?” Dustin shook his head as though he did not understand him. 
It looks like they’re drinking together. Larry’s anger boiled to the surface and it showed. “How do you even call yourself a man, Dustin Silverman?” 
Larry’s inflection jumped up several notches as he attempted to jolt the receiving person to his senses. 
“Who the hell are you?”
Larry cut off communications as his frustration finally got the better of him. He wanted to see when Joan was going to get back in.
###Chapter 2783
Chapter 2783 
This Is Personal 
Without thinking twice, Larry picked up his coat and headed outside. His car rolled to a stop in front of Delilah’s place shortly after. 
“You’re back, Larry,” Agatha hailed as she busied herself. 
Agatha Wainscott was a good friend of Delilah who was asked to look after Lucius before Delilah went into lockup. 
“Yeah. Is Joan home yet?” Larry asked as he loosened his tie. Agatha seemed surprised before she shook her head. 
She had expected for the couple to return together and had not thought that only Larry would show up. Agatha was secretly worried whether something had happened. 
“I suppose she’s busy,” she smiled and replied almost awkwardly. 
Oh, for sure. Busy drinking and attending to Dustin! 
Thump! The door to the bedroom close by was slammed shut. Agatha looked over and her eyes dimmed. Did that girl do something wrong? 
Indeed, Joan did not come home the entire night. 
Larry lay down and stewed in bed. A cold glint flashed across his eyes as the sky beyond the window steadily turned to light. When do you intend to keep your distance from that Dustin? 
He got up only to go straight for his car and did not respond to Agatha.
“What about your breakfast, Larry?” she called after him. 
“I’ll pass!” The man in the car replied in displeasure, but the moment the engine started, he spotted two familiar figures approaching. 
“How are you feeling? Are you alright?” Dustin asked as he helped Joan along. 
“I’m fine. My head’s throbbing a little, that’s all.” Joan pounded at her own noggin in a bid to clear her mind. 
They were not aware that Larry was watching from the car not far from them the whole time. 
“Try not to drink so much next time.” Dustin then patted her back gently. 
“Okay.” 
They were soon upon Delilah’s. 
Whump! The door to the car slammed shut. Larry stormed up to the duo, looking quite severe. “Where have the two of you been?” 
“Huh? We were drinking last night,” Joan replied. 
“Why didn’t you pick up when I called? Is he really more important to you than I am?” Larry bellowed as he jabbed at Dustin beside her. 
What’s he going on about? Why is he throwing such a fit? Joan shook her head vigorously. She opened her eyes and regarded Larry inquisitively. “What are you talking about? I was just drunk last night and didn’t manage to pick up…” 
“Drunk? So you’re aware that you’re drunk, Joan Watts? Didn’t I tell you before to avoid drinking?”
“Larry!” Dustin yelled all of a sudden. 
The two man locked eyes and the mood was volatile. 
What’s happening? Are they going to fight each other? Joan pushed Larry aside and placed herself in- between with arms spread to create separation between the two. 
“This is personal, Joan. Get out of the way!” Dustin gnashed his teeth and glared at Larry. 
Larry had never liked Dustin. It was a showdown that he had been looking forward to for the longest time. 
“You can’t beat him, Dustin! Just go!” Joan was a nervous wreck as she knew Dustin was never a match for Larry. 
“What’s this, Joan? Are you protecting him?” 
Beneath that voice was a lingering suspicion whether Joan cared for that asshole. Larry looked upon the woman in front of him with incredulity. 
“Stop it, Larry. There’s really nothing going on between us. We just had a drink together, that’s all.” Joan did her best to explain herself.
###Chapter 2784
Chapter 2784 
A Big Misunderstanding 
Was he to believe that? That nothing happened between a man and woman who drank together throughout the night? He could be convinced that Joan had no designs on Dustin but how was he to know whether that scumbag Dustin thought likewise of her? 
“Step aside, Joan.” 
“Quit messing around, Larry!” Joan was growing quite exasperated. 
Who’s messing around now? Larry was disheartened when he looked upon the woman before him. 
“You’re no right to tell Joan off, Larry. She’s no longer your wife and until that changes, it’s her right and freedom to drink in the company of whoever she chooses.” 
Dustin’s words were well reasoned but they only came across to Larry as a form of provocation. 
“Rest up, Joan. I’ll be making a move first,” Dustin said as he turned to leave. 
Bam! Perhaps Dustin’s words really riled up Larry, who fired a punch right at him. Dustin was floored in an instant. 
“Dustin!” Joan sprinted over to help him up. “Are you alright?” 
Dustin wiped the blood off the corner of his lips and glared at Larry. Since you want to play rough, I’ll be glad to oblige. 
Thump!
Dustin lashed out with a fist which sent Larry staggering toward the wall on the side. Then the two men went at it, hard. 
“Stop fighting, both of you!” Joan shouted in panic. Never would she have expected that an innocuous gathering would lead to fisticuffs between the two. 
Neither Larry nor Dustin seemed to hear her as they grappled with each other. 
“You know that Joan and myself are in love so why do you have to keep coming between us!” Larry roared. 
Coming between you? What a joke! I’ve already moved on from Joan! 
“Don’t you think you’re full of yourself, Larry? Do you really believe that Joan couldn’t live without you!” Dustin did not mince his words. 
Bam! 
Bang! 
The two drove their foot into each other simultaneously and sent each other sprawling back onto the ground. Joan had her head in her hands as she looked upon the carnage before her. 
“What are y’all trying to do!” She was really upset now. 
“Don’t be afraid, Joan. I’ll protect you.” Dustin exerted himself and clambered onto his feet. He ran up to her looking really concerned. 
“Are you really going to side with him, Joan?” Larry coughed, looking a little dazed. 
When was she siding with him? Was it not obvious that this was all a big misunderstanding?
“Listen to me, Larry. Dustin and I are just friends. We were all at Abelyn’s place yesterday.” She tried to put it across as sincerely and solemnly as she possibly could as though she feared the man before her would not believe her. 
What? At Abelyn’s, with Jessica and Nancy? Larry was filled with remorse in that instant because he was under the impression that she was alone with Dustin. 
How could I been such a fool? 
He got up slowly and dusted himself off before he headed inside the living room. 
“Oh dear. What happened to you? Who did this?” Agatha asked as she hurried over. 
“Could you help fetch the first-aid kit, Ms. Wainscott?” Joan said softly. 
“Oh, okay.” 
Larry and Dustin sat on the couch, wearing the same vacant but unnerving expressions on their faces. 
“Have some water, Dustin,” Joan said as she offered him a glass. 
“Thank you.” Dustin lifted his head and smiled abashedly. 
Larry held his silence at the side, as though nothing happened. Joan regarded him anxiously, eager to speak to him yet unsure as to what to say.
###Chapter 2785
Chapter 2785 
The Kiss 
The shrill ringing from the cellphone on the table disrupted everyone’s thoughts. 
“Why did you leave so early, Joan?” Abelyn did not sound particularly pleased. 
“Yeah, I had to go as I’ve got something on later. By the way, could you come get Dustin?” Joan said. 
After she ended the call, Joan went about cleaning up Dustin’s wounds. 
“Ouch…” Dustin pursed his lips and looked to be in some pain. 
“Does it hurt?” She asked in concern. 
“It’s fine.” He shook his head before looking askance at Larry. 
Larry remained as inanimate as he ever was. 
That drew a sigh from Agatha before she went over to him. She placed a gentle hand on his shoulder before she produced a bottle of ointment. “Come, allow me.” 
“No need for that!” came his frosty reply. 
“There, there. We can get this done very quickly,” she said as she lifted his arm. 
“I said no!” The bottle was sent flying across the floor. 
His violent reaction stunned Agatha. 
“Why don’t you take a rest, Ms. Wainscott, and let me handle this,” Joan said with a smile.
Bang! The door was flung open. 
“What’s going on here?” Abelyn howled as she bulldozed in. 
“Oh my gawd, Dustin. What happened to you?” A bewildered Abelyn rushed over to Dustin and held a hand over her mouth. 
“Help him put some medication on, Abelyn,” Joan said as she passed along what was in her own hand. She then briskly made her way over to Larry and looked upon him tenderly and sympathetically. 
He should be hurting quite a bit. Joan sniffled as tears started to well up in her eyes. 
“Let me help,” she said. 
“No,” Larry turned her down her offer flatly. 
Still throwing a tantrum? She chuckled as she observed the expression of the man before her. He was evidently in pain and in want of comfort, yet he insisted on putting on a brave front. Joan tried to take his arm to treat it but he kept withdrawing it from her. 
This was clearly getting them nowhere so Joan finally beheld his face and kissed him deeply. 
Larry was positively taken aback by that gesture, but then he started to reciprocate. And so the two of them went on and made out there and then like nobody’s business. 
Agatha responded by slipping off to the kitchen while Abelyn and Dustin got the hell out of the house. 
The couch in the living room became the exclusive domain of Larry and Joan. 
“Are you going to drink outside again?” Larry picked her up in a princess carry toward the bedroom, his breath hung heavily as he spoke.
Joan merely pecked at his neck and looked to be enjoying every minute of it. 
“Are you still angry?” she asked softly while she loosened the buttons on his shirt. 
Very soon, they were rumbling in bed. By the time they came to, it was already dark. Joan rested her head on Larry’s shoulders and had her arms wrapped tightly around his waist. Hers was a look of satisfaction. 
Larry ran a hand through her hair and kissed her forehead. He too appeared to be in a fine mood. 
“Could you not act so rashly next time, Larry?” 
“I can’t control myself whenever I see you with Dustin,” he replied helplessly. 
How could a big guy like him be so prone to jealousy? Joan pouted and let out a laugh when she kissed him on the chin. 
“Mommy!” 
Lucius was home. 
“Be straight with me. What’s up with you and Dustin?” 
“Stop messing around, the boy’s back already,” Joan reminded Larry. 
But there was no way he was going to let her off this easily. With a flip of his body, he had her pinned underneath.
###Chapter 2786
Chapter 2786 
Jinx 
“I’ll explain everything tonight, okay?” She planted a kiss on his face, after which Larry was willing to relinquish his hold on her. 
“Hey Lucius,” Joan straightened out her attire as she went out to greet him. 
“We’re having a parent-teacher conference at school tomorrow, Mommy.” The boy threw himself into her arms. His face beaming with excitement. 
“Got it.” Joan laughed as she kissed her child on the cheeks. 
Joan was usually the one to attend such events so she did not inform Larry about it. 
Early the next day, Joan and Lucius went straight to school. 
“Our homeroom teacher would like for you to make a speech on stage,” Lucius told Joan in the car. 
Joan nodded. She did not have much else to say as she was already quite used to it. 
They arrived at the gates in short order. The school was bustling with activity. All of the parents looked so happy as they held their kids by their tiny hands. Joan, however, had absolutely no idea what was in store for her. 
“Well look, isn’t that Joan Watts?” 
“Yeah, what’s she doing here?” 
“For the parent-teacher conference, of course.”
A few women huddled together and talked amongst themselves in a corner not far from her. 
“How does she still have the gall to show her face here?” 
“That’s right. What a jinx!” 
“Achoo!” Joan abruptly sneezed. 
“What’s wrong, Mommy? Have you caught a cold?” Lucius looked up and asked in concern. 
“No.” She promptly shook her head in response. 
For whatever reason, she kept sensing that someone was cussing at her behind her back. Joan surveyed her surroundings and did not notice anything out of the ordinary. Could she be imagining things? 
“Let’s go, Mommy!” Lucius rocked at her arm as he led her to a classroom in the vicinity. 
“Alright.” 
As the homeroom teacher stood at the rostrum and took names inside the classroom, Joan and Lucius sat at his seat quietly as they waited for Ms. Lee to speak. 
Very quickly, there was a disturbance inside the room as everyone started pointing fingers at Joan with a look of disgust on their faces. 
What’s going on? 
Did I do something wrong? Joan’s eyebrows furrowed in confusion. 
“Jinx!”
“So your mother is the jinx who killed someone, Lucius!” A girl who transferred in recently jabbed at Lucius’ nose and declared aloud. 
“My Mommy’s not a jinx! You’re the jinx!” Lucius retorted in protest. 
Joan was equally bamboozled at this unexpected accusation. 
“You shouldn’t say things on a whim, little girl.” Though she cautioned gently without harboring the slightest ill-will, that girl started wailing. 
Joan was dumbfounded. 
“Hey, what do you think you’re doing!” A rather unimpressive-looking woman who she had never seen before approached and howled at her. Joan was at a loss for words. “I’m really sorry. I didn’t mean it.” 
“That’s enough. Don’t mess with her! Beware of what she could do to you!” another sinister woman nearby said. 
Whatever do they mean by that? Confronted by this lot, Joan was flabbergasted. 
“Don’t you know that the flower shop she owned cost someone’s life…” 
Joan finally caught on, but how was she to convince them of her own innocence? Lucius next to her started to grow silent. 
The parent-teacher conference this round ought to be attended by Larry. Joan lowered her gaze in shame and patted Lucius on the head. 
“Why don’t I call Daddy…” 
“There’s no need!” Lucius interjected and looked at her in earnest. “It’s okay, Mommy. I believe you!”
Joan was profoundly moved by that.
###Chapter 2787
Chapter 2787 
You Are A Murderer 
Lucius had heard about this a long time ago but he could not believe that his mother was a wicked woman. 
Soon, the class meeting began. The class teacher was on stage, introducing the arrival of important guests. He seemed a little excited but after waiting for a long time, Lucius did not see the class teacher ask Joan to speak. On the contrary, Joan was expecting this. 
“Next, I will ask a parent of our classmate, Faith Lee, to speak to us. A round of applause, please.” 
Instantly, the sound of clapping filled the air but Lucius hung his head and a trace of disappointment flashed in his eyes. It turned out that even the school was so realistic. 
“Teacher!” Suddenly, Lucius stood up and everyone in the class looked at him incredulously. 
“Didn’t you say that my mom would be allowed to speak?” Lucius asked bluntly and immediately the class began to murmur. 
“Who does he think he is? He’s just a little kid…” 
“Keep it down! His mother just killed someone.” 
Everyone began to mock them in very rude tones while Joan immediately tugged at the corner of his shirt, trying to make him sit down. 
“Oh, Lucius. Today, I’d like Faith Lee’s parents to speak.” The homeroom teacher replied very tactfully and Lucius sat down dejectedly.
Joan gathered the child in her arms and sniffed, feeling heartbroken. 
After the parent-teacher conference was over, Joan and Lucius were still in their seats feeling dazed and their faces looked solemn. 
“Mom, I’m sorry.” The child who was feeling guilty suddenly raised his head and apologized. 
What’s going on? Puzzled, Joan gazed at her child, waiting for him to explain. 
“I didn’t protect you properly when so many people were gossiping about you just now because I didn’t have the ability to defend you…” Suddenly, the child broke out in tears. 
At this instant, Joan was heartbroken. While brushing away Lucius’ tears, she comforted him, “My child, it’s all my fault so don’t cry and let’s go home, alright?” 
How could this be his fault? It was me who brought this upon him, wasn’t it? Joan sighed and tried to control her inner feelings of turmoil. She had thought that Lucius would blame her but unexpectedly, the child loved her so much. 
“Mrs. Norton!” Suddenly the homeroom teacher entered the room, trying helplessly to explain. “I’m sorry for what happened today. At the last minute, I was given the notice so I had to change the plan.” 
“Villainess, villainess!” At the entrance of the school, a few children kept circling around Lucius and Joan, shouting. The scene was very embarrassing. 
In a panic, Lucius ran towards them, shouting, “You all are liars!” 
Joan was at a loss, not knowing what to do. She had no intention of fighting against children but they were hurting Lucius. 
Finally, Lucius could hold back no longer.
Thump! One of the children fell down as Lucius hit him. 
Ahh! There was a sharp scream and Joan came back to her senses. Hurriedly she helped the boy up and asked worriedly, “Are you alright?” 
“Mommy!” The child yelled out loud. 
“Darling son, what happened?” Suddenly, a woman in glamorous clothes ran over. 
“Mommy, he hit me!” The child pointed at Lucius and screamed pitifully. 
In an instant, the woman got up and walked towards Lucius, her eyes filled with cruelty. 
Slap! Her palm hit Lucius right across his face and the boy’s face turned red with the impact. Lucius looked up at the woman with a cold stare. 
“What are you doing? Your mom is a murderess and you beat up people here?” The woman spoke without a shred of politeness. 
Joan quickly ran in front of Lucius, shielding him from any further assault. “Madam, please behave!” 
Joan’s voice was full of anger and sadness. 
“Behave? Tell me what I should do then, to behave properly! You are a murderess and you have no right to preach to me.” There was a slight disdain in the woman’s tone.
###Chapter 2788
Chapter 2788 
The Matter Is Settled 
Joan clenched her fists and tried to suppress all her dismay. Am I supposed to suppress myself forever? Joan looked at the woman before her and pleaded with her eyes. 
“Madam, it was wrong of Lucius to beat anyone. Let me apologize on his behalf.” With that, she bowed low to the woman. 
“Mom!” Lucius shouted, “Why do you need to apologize? They did wrong first!” 
At this point, Lucius was unbearably furious. Joan held his little hand and shook it, motioning to him to be silent. Immediately, the boy kept quiet. 
“You! Go home and teach your son how to behave, but, then again, how could a murderess train her son to be good?” The woman murmured as she walked towards her own son. 
“So, your own son has been taught to behave well?” Suddenly, from behind, came a familiar male voice. Joan turned around and heaved a sigh of relief. 
It turned out to be Caiden. 
“Mr. Owens!” With a trembling voice, Lucius rushed into his arms. 
Caiden gently patted the child on the back to comfort him and then he walked to Joan, looking at her affectionately with fondness in his eyes. 
“Mr. Owens, why are you here?” The woman immediately came towards Caiden and greeted him warily.
“I’m here to watch a show,” he replied sarcastically with a contemptuous expression on his face. 
Immediately, the woman panicked. How is this darned Joan related to Caiden? The woman wrung her hands tightly and looked a little nervous. “Well, that was just a misunderstanding. Ms. Watts, I’m really sorry for what happened just now.” 
This apology confused Joan. Is this woman afraid of Caiden? Why is this so? Joan looked at her in bewilderment, feeling puzzled. 
“Son, hurry up and apologize to Lucius.” 
“Mom!” The boy protested. 
“Quickly!” 
“Lucius, I’m sorry. I should not have scolded you or your mother.” The boy bowed down and apologized softly. 
Lucius did not say a word but just looked at Caiden with a sorrowful gaze. The group exchanged a few words and went their separate ways. 
“So, what’s going on, eh? Lucius got another award?” Caiden stroked the boy’s head and asked enthusiastically. 
“Mr. Owens, I really did win another award and I was also the only one in my class to do so. The homeroom teacher initially wanted Mommy to speak on the stage but later changed the decision.” 
The boys’ voice sounded disappointed and hearing that, Joan felt untold guilt. 
“It’s alright now, Lucius. It’s already over so let’s not think about it anymore.”
Caiden had come here to discuss some plans with the president of the school. Coincidentally, he bumped into the mother and son so he forsook the discussion. 
“Is the issue settled?” He asked Joan. 
It’s not easy to find proof. Joan sighed and shook her head. 
Lucius got down from the car, saw the woman in the house, and called out loudly. “Grandma!” 
What’s going on here? Joan’s eyes shone. 
“Oh, my dear child, do you miss me?” Delilah gently stroked Lucius’ hair and kissed him on the forehead. 
Delilah is here? Joan looked at this familiar lady, incredulously, feeling quite emotional. Am I dreaming? Joan pinched herself on the thigh. 
Oh! It’s painful! I’m not dreaming! 
“Ms. Young.” Joan ran over and held Delilah tight. All the injustice she had suffered surged over her being. 
“It’s okay now. Don’t worry because the matter has been resolved,” Delilah said while patting her back lightly. 
Oh? How was the matter resolved? Who settled it? Joan brushed the tears from her cheeks and pulled Delilah to the sofa nearby. “Ms. Young, what really happened…”
###Chapter 2789
Chapter 2789 
She Need Not Worry About Lucius Being Mocked 
“It’s Larry,” Madam Yu replied bluntly. 
Joan lifted her eyes to the ceiling. Tears filled her eyes again. That rogue! Why didn’t he tell me? 
“Joan, it’s all over now. Don’t be sad over it.” 
Yeah, we must look forward but who is the person who stabbed me in the back? Where is that trouble- maker now? Joan was lost in thought again. 
Nearby, Delilah and Lucius were still exchanging news and looking very excited while Caiden was sitting on the sofa enjoying their joyful reunion. 
Some time passed and Larry returned, looking casual and relaxed. 
Only Joan, Delilah, and Lucius were in the living room at that time. 
“Thank you.” Joan went up to him and held his hand tightly and her voice was very emotional. Larry pulled her into his arms and kissed her hair tenderly. 
“Silly, we are husband and wife. There is no need to thank me.” 
The corners of Joan’s turned upwards in a smile. 
Even though Joan kept questioning Larry about who the perpetrator was, he did not tell her the whole truth as he did not want his beloved to feel fearful again. 
Everything was back to normal.
“Larry, why didn’t you tell me the truth?” Joan asked rather angrily back in their room. 
Why are there so many questions? Larry stretched out his right hand and pulled her into his arms. He held her tightly in order to enjoy the warmth of her body. 
“Isn’t it good for us to live peacefully like this? Why do we need to pursue the things that have passed?” Larry’s voice was a little low but it made a lot of sense. 
Just let it be so that all will be well as long as everyone lives in peace. 
“Larry, do you think I’m a bad woman?” Joan suddenly raised her head, looked at the beloved person in front of her seriously, and asked slowly. Whether it was before or now, there were many people who framed her to make her look bad. This somewhat scared her. 
There were times when she felt confused, wondering how many people hated her that they would go to such lengths to persecute her. 
“No, in my mind, you are always the best.” Larry’s words immediately touched Joan. What else could I ask for? 
On the other hand, Della was totally infuriated. 
“Dad, why on earth did you do that?” Della confronted her Dad, asking coldly. 
What other reason could there be? Of course, the less trouble there is, the better! This girl is too reckless and so, that is reason she caused so much trouble. If Larry had not told me about her deeds, she would have been sent to the police station already! 
“Della, will you listen to me please? If you want a career, just work hard but I beg you not to do such stupid things in the future.”
Fred spoke coldly which made Della feel uncomfortable. Does he know? Della felt a sense of guilt as she looked at her Dad. 
“Okay, I don’t want to nag anymore. You behave yourself. If necessary, I’ll keep you a prisoner at home.” Fred’s voice was harsh and Della felt displeased. 
Who could have leaked my secret? She folded her arms, looking ferocious. She had done everything in secret leaving no trace of her misdeeds yet it was now an open secret. 
“Ms. Duff, what would you like to eat for dinner tonight?” The housemaid came over and asked tentatively. 
“Nothing!” With that, she turned around and went upstairs. 
Her character and behavior had not changed one bit. Looking at her retreating figure, the housemaid shook her head, looking hurt. 
From the time Larry shared the audio and video clip to the general public, Joan was able to move around in the open without fear. She need not worry about people talking behind her back or that Lucius would be mocked.
###Chapter 2790
Chapter 2790 
We Will Remarry 
However, in that recording and video, Della’s name was not mentioned at all. This was the last time Larry showed his respect for her. 
Finally, it was all over. 
“Joan!” Suddenly, an unfamiliar female voice came from behind her. 
Joan turned around immediately and there was this woman walking slowly towards her. She was a little suspicious since she could not recall this person at all. 
“I heard that this flower shop belongs to you.” The woman pointed to the florist shop as she spoke in a gentle voice. 
“That’s right,” Joan replied softly. 
“Well, not bad. You do have charisma.” The woman studied Joan with a pleased smile on her face. That was a high-class lady who loved flowers but who had stringent requirements of flowers and florists. 
“I want to buy some flowers.” As she spoke, she entered the flower shop. 
“This, this and that. Please wrap them up for me.” As the classy lady spoke, she admired the flowers displayed in the shop seemingly well-versed with them. 
As Joan observed the lady, she felt surprised but she contained her curiosity as she was a customer and the customer was always right.
While Joan busied herself, she was not able to converse much with the lady. 
In fact, she had thought of asking the lady who the flowers were for and she could give some suggestions. However, on second thoughts, she decided not to be inquisitive. 
After all that had happened, Joan was a little traumatized. 
“Madam, here are your flowers.” Joan handed the wrapped-up flowers to the lady as she spoke. The lady brought the flowers close to her nose, closed her eyes, and took a deep breath, seemingly very pleased. 
“Well, these are good.” With that, the classy lady left. 
The next day, a lot of customers appeared suddenly at the flower shop which scared Joan very much. 
“What’s the matter? Did you ask them to come?” Delilah nudged her arm and asked her hurriedly. 
Looking at the crowd, Joan was puzzled as she whispered in reply. “It’s not me.” 
“Boss, I want this bunch of flowers!” 
“This bunch, too. Please wrap them up as well.” 
Instantly, Joan and Delilah became very busy. 
Later, they found out the truth. It turned out that these customers were recommended by the classy lady. For some reason, Joan felt this was heart-warming. 
That was how the business at the flower shop improved and the two women’s income increased. 
Larry observed this and was pleased.
“Okay! Let’s go!” In the car outside the flower shop, Larry kept on pressing on the horn, sounding urgent. 
“Coming! Coming!” Joan quickly closed the door of the shop and rushed over. 
The moment she got into the car, Larry handed her a small bag. 
“What’s this?” Joan looked at the bag in surprise, her eyes full of expectation. 
“It’s a present for you.” Larry said plainly. 
Well? Why give me a present for no reason? Can today be some special day? Joan tilted her head and stared outside the windscreen, deep in thought. 
Soon, the car stopped in front of a restaurant. 
Joan got out of the car and walked slowly into the restaurant with a very puzzled expression. She thought Larry had gone to the flower shop just to fetch her home but who would have thought… 
“Silly, today is our wedding anniversary.” Larry tapped her gently on the head to remind her. 
Well, but most importantly, we are already divorced! 
“Larry, we haven’t remarried yet, we…” Joan hesitated. 
“Don’t worry, we will remarry.” 
“Let’s get married again!” Larry said, gazing affectionately at Joan. 
Elegant music sounded around and in an instant, the air was filled with romance. Joan’s lips curled into a contented smile.
###Chapter 2791
Chapter 2791 
Have Some Breakfast 
She had waited for a long time for this day to come. 
“Okay.” She held Larry tight and her heart was filled with bliss. 
They continued whispering sweet nothings as they returned home. 
“Larry!” Suddenly, Joan screamed with a voice filled with terror. Larry immediately ran over and was stunned by the sight that met his eyes. The whole house was in a mess. 
Who had been here? Immediately, Larry ran into Delilah’s room and then into Lucius’s room only to find that neither of them was in. Without any hesitation, he took out his mobile phone and dialed. 
Very quickly, Caspian and Jessica arrived. 
“Larry, should we call the police?” Caspian’s gaze was steely. How evil of anyone to attack a child and an old woman. 
“No, not yet.” Larry waved his hand to signal in the negative. Before knowing the facts, it is best not to be rash. 
Ding Ding Ding! 
Suddenly, the landline rang on the table next to him, and Joan immediately answered the phone, as if expecting something. 
“Joan?” There was a disguised voice on the phone. Joan was taken aback and then reacted, “It’s me.”
“Good! Tomorrow, you come alone, bring five million…” 
That was for money? Joan’s eyes gradually dimmed. In less than two minutes, the caller hung up. Joan slumped onto the sofa and her expression showed she was a little frightened. 
“How did they go? What did he say?” Larry grabbed her arm tightly asking anxiously. Caspian and Jessica looked very worried, awaiting her explanation… 
Joan slowly raised her head and twitched her nose. Then she cleared her throat, trying to calm herself down. “Larry, I need five million.” 
Larry looked at Joan. Although he was a little surprised, he did not show any unusual reaction. He replied firmly, “Okay, I will give you five million.” 
Slowly, Joan got up and entered the bedroom nearby. 
She did not want to talk. In other words, the caller did not allow her to say a word to the others or else Delilah and Lucius would be killed. 
She was lying in bed, tossing and turning, unable to sleep. Her eyes stared straight at the crescent moon outside the window and she was brewed in sorrows. Her fists were clenched and her whole body trembled. 
Ms. Young and Lucius, you must be strong! I will definitely save you! 
The three people in the living room sat on the sofa, looking up at the ceiling, deep in thought. 
“Tomorrow, you will follow Joan.” Suddenly, Jessica said softly and coldly. 
Caspian looked at Jessica without a word but just nodded instead. They all knew that Joan was not herself at this point and naturally they all guessed that the caller must have threatened her.
“You guys go home first.” Larry said softly, hanging his head. 
What could we do at home? Jessica glanced at him but said nothing. It was not as if she could be unconcerned. 
“Tonight, we are sleeping in your home.” With that, Jessica threw herself on the sofa. 
Early the next day, sunlight shone on the ground through the window. At that moment, Joan turned over, and it so happened that a ray of sunlight lit up her face. 
“Joan,” Larry called her softly but she did not respond, perhaps because she was too tired. Larry did not keep calling her but turned and left the room. 
After some time, Joan finally woke up. When she walked out of the room, she was stunned by the sight in front of her. There were two people lying on the sofa, sleeping soundly. 
Didn’t they go home last night? Joan walked past them straight to the refrigerator from which she took out a bottle of mineral water and started drinking. 
“Have some breakfast.” In the dining room, Larry spoke tenderly. 
“Okay.” Joan went straight into the dining room, sat down obediently, and started eating the sandwiches.
###Chapter 2792
Chapter 2792 
A Trap 
After today, I wonder if I’ll ever be able to eat the food he makes again. Joan felt her throat close up as she ate. During the phone call last night, the man kept emphasizing for Joan to go alone with the five million. It’s obviously a trap. 
But if I don’t go, Ms. Young and Lucius will be the ones who get hurt. 
“Joan, you’re awake,” Jessica suddenly called out softly as she rubbed the sleep from her eyes on the sofa. 
“Yeah. Come have some breakfast,” Joan said with a strained smile. 
Following that, Jessica wordlessly pulled Caspian over to the bathroom. 
In the dining room, Larry was seated across from Joan, eating a sandwich while studying her carefully, as though waiting for something. 
“What is it? Why are you looking at me like that?” Joan wiped her mouth and asked self-consciously. 
“Nothing. You should eat more,” Larry replied calmly. 
Soon, Caspian and Jessica joined them in the dining room. 
“Did you make all of this, Larry?” Jessica gaped at the man in front of her with surprise sprawled across her face. 
“Eat your breakfast,” Larry ordered bossily.
Joan made small talk with the others, but excused herself and left the house soon. 
Shortly after she left, Caspian took the last bite of his food and took his leave as well. 
Larry and Jessica were the only ones left in the dining room. 
“Larry, why didn’t you just talk it out with her?” Jessica’s brows knitted together in confusion. 
“Hurry up and eat.” Larry did not explain to Jessica that telling her was pointless. He would rather protect her from the shadows. Naturally, she would come clean with him when she was ready. 
Meanwhile, Joan went straight to the bank with the cheque that Larry wrote for her. They did not want bank cards or passbooks, only cash. 
Caspian followed her while carefully observing everything around her, keeping in mind all of Larry’s instructions. 
“How’s it going? Has she withdrawn the money?” Larry’s deep voice drifted over the phone. 
“Yes, she just did,” Caspian reported. 
With a small case in hand, Joan got into a car which then immediately sped away from the bank. 
In less than an hour, the car pulled to a stop at an abandoned gas station. Joan got out with the case and kept checking her watch while looking around, as though waiting for someone. 
After waiting for a long time, the person Joan was supposed to meet still did not show up. Suddenly, her phone rang in her pocket. 
“How dare you f*cking lie to me?” On the phone, the man’s voice was vicious. “Didn’t I tell you to come alone? Why is Caspian following behind you?”
Joan was taken aback. Caspian is here? But how does he know who Caspian is? 
“Tomorrow at ten in the morning, take the five million and head directly to the west pier.” With that, the line went dead. 
Damn it! What the hell is Larry up to? 
At the moment, Joan was consumed with rage. 
Thud! The door was opened loudly. 
In the living room, Larry immediately put down the newspapers in his hands and walked to the door. With worry lining his features, he looked at the woman and asked in puzzlement, “How did it go?” 
As Joan gazed at the face that she loved and hated at the same time, conflicting emotions surged in her heart. There was a hint of accusation in her voice when she spoke. “What the hell are you doing? They told me to go alone. Why did you order Caspian to follow me?” 
When Larry looked down and saw the case in her hand, he instantly understood everything. 
The exchange had failed. 
He slowly walked to the sofa and took a seat. Stroking his chin, he fell into deep thought. It seems like I underestimated them. 
Bang! 
Joan stormed into her bedroom and slammed the door behind her. 
Very soon, Larry’s phone rang beside him.
“Larry, Joan did not make contact with them,” came Caspian’s voice. 
“Cancel the operation.” With that, Larry hung up the call. 
This isn’t the way to go. I have to come up with an airtight plan which can ensure Joan’s safety and at the same time, go unnoticed by the other party.
###Chapter 2793
Chapter 2793 
Bad People 
After a long time, Larry switched off the lights in the living room and went to the bedroom, only to see Joan fast asleep on the bed, painting a serene picture. 
He walked to the bedside table and opened the drawer, then took out a bracelet from the jewelry box inside. After carefully putting it on for Joan, he lay down beside her and closed his eyes. 
The next morning, Joan woke up and tiptoed all the way to the living room. After grabbing the case, she left before anyone knew where she was going. 
The man in bed grunted softly when the glaring sunlight pierced through his eyelids. 
Larry stretched lazily before slowly opening his eyes. That was when he realized the spot next to him was empty. 
“Joan?” he called out, but there was no response. 
Has she left already? Larry sprung out of the bed and ran to the living room. Just like he feared, the case was gone. 
Sh*t! He quickly grabbed his phone and powered on the GPS software. Luckily, he had the foresight to put on the bracelet for her the previous night. 
“Caspian, bring over a few men.” 
In no time, a dozen or so cars parked in front of Delilah’s house, with the men inside ready to carry out all orders.
“Stay here and wait for my call. Don’t do anything rash.” With that, Larry got into his car. He knew Joan’s exact location. At that moment, she was still on the way to the destination. He couldn’t catch up to her right away or the people who kidnapped Delilah and Lucius might change their minds or even worse, kill them. 
“What are you doing, Larry? We should be looking for Joan. Why are you going around in circles?” Caspian looked at the man beside him dubiously. 
“The kidnappers found out that you were following Joan yesterday,” Larry answered. 
Realization instantly dawned on Caspian and the car was quiet once again. 
Larry kept checking his watch, as though he was waiting for something. Finally, when the minute hand reached twelve, he floored the accelerator. 
Caspian was slightly freaked out by Larry’s nervous expression throughout the way. 
Meanwhile, Joan had already reached the meeting location. Scanning her surroundings, she yelled loudly, “I’m Joan Watts. I have your money!” 
I wasn’t followed this time, right? 
Joan looked over her shoulder, her entire body instantly relaxing. She didn’t seem to sense the danger she was in, or perhaps all she could think of was Delilah and Lucius’ safety. 
“Give me the money!” 
Suddenly, a masked man with a burly figure appeared in front of her. 
“Where is Ms. Young and the boy? I want to see them first!” Joan immediately hid the case behind her back and asserted in an icy voice.
This b*tch. How dare she negotiate with me? What right does she have to make demands? 
“I’m warning you. You better hand over the money to me like a good little girl, or else…” the man threatened while stalking toward her. 
What is he trying to do? Joan instantly went on high alert. Hugging the case to her chest, she abruptly turned and ran toward the sea. 
“Don’t come any closer or I’ll throw this case into the sea!” she spat fiercely although she could feel herself trembling all over. 
“Hey, hey. Wait! I’ll release them, alright? I’ll release them. Just don’t throw it,” the man said cautiously with his palms out. 
It appears that this woman isn’t a fool. The man lit a cigarette and made a hand gesture. 
“Mom!” 
“Joan!” 
Lucius and Delilah called out at the same time. Seeing the two of them tied up not far away, anxiety rose in Joan. 
“I can release them, but you and the money must stay,” the man said straightforwardly. 
“Don’t listen to them, Joan! They’re all bad people!” Delilah shouted in a shaky voice. 
Subsequently, a hard slap landed on Delilah’s cheek. 
“Fine. Now let them go,” Joan agreed immediately.
With worry written on her face, Delilah shook her head vigorously at Joan. Is this girl crazy? She clearly knows that these people are here for her, yet she’s going to willingly fall into their carefully laid out trap? 
Tears pooled in Joan’s eyes. I’m sorry, Ms. Young. I’m sorry, Lucius. I was the one who dragged you both into this. Then, she called out to Delilah, “Ms. Young, quickly take Lucius away. It’s okay. I can handle this on my own.”
###Chapter 2794
Chapter 2794 
Small World 
How exactly is she going to handle it? Anger pulsed through Delilah. She’s just a girl. She doesn’t know how to fight, nor does she have any self-defense skills. Besides getting bullied by them, what else can she do? 
“Ms. Young, please! Bring Lucius away now!” 
Delilah’s heart wrenched at the sound of Joan’s pleas. Finally, she steeled herself and grabbed Lucius’ hand, heading directly to Joan’s car. Then, she started the engine and drove away from the pier. 
Watching the car leave, Joan breathed out a sigh of relief. During the split second when she let her guard down, several men dashed toward her and snatched the case out of her hands before restraining her. 
“I have to say, you’re very emotionally-driven.” 
Of course, Joan merely shot him a glare without speaking. 
“Stop right there!” Just when Joan was about to be taken away, Larry appeared. 
Oh? Another person here to court death, I see. No. Not one, but two! The man narrowed his eyes at Larry and Caspian, exuding a bitingly cold aura. 
Isn’t that… Caspian clenched his fists all of a sudden, going into battle mode. 
“Long time no see, Caspian,” rolling his shoulders, the man snarled.
Yeah, it really has been a long time. Caspian sneered in response. He thought this man would never come back again after going abroad. It seems like he was wrong. In the end, they met again under such circumstances. Indeed, enemies were bound to meet. 
“You two know each other?” Larry asked as he nudged Caspian beside him. 
Caspian leaned closer to whisper, “He used to be a close friend, but later betrayed me.” Indeed, this was a small world. No matter where a person went, past grudges would always come back to haunt him. 
“She’s innocent. Let her go!” Caspian shouted, his tone heavy with warning. 
The man slowly approached Joan and surveyed her with a menacing glint in his eyes. 
He abruptly landed two hard slaps on Joan’s face. In an instant, her cheeks turned red and swollen with blood trickling down the corner of her mouth. 
“What are you doing?” Shocked and furious, Larry exclaimed loudly. 
“Don’t be rash, Larry!” Caspian held him back because he knew that the man was goading them into doing something stupid. 
Joan breathed through the pain and stared at the man in front of her with terror. At that moment, she felt genuine fear slither into her heart. 
The man turned to face Larry and Caspian with a hideous expression. Thumping his chest, he said resolutely, “Sorry, but this woman is mine!” 
He doesn’t even know Joan. Why would he give her trouble for no apparent reason? Caspian looked at him quizzically. Unless someone hired him to do this?
Could it be… Della? 
Gabriella had already left the country. Other than Della, Caspian couldn’t think of anyone else who would want to hurt Joan, and Larry had already come to this conclusion a long time ago. 
“Let her go right now, or I won’t play nice anymore!” Larry fumed, but his anger stemmed from fear. The thought of the woman he loved getting hurt terrified him. 
Suddenly, the man bellowed with laughter, not at all bothered by Larry’s threat. 
“Mr. Norton, is such a traitorous woman really worth it? From what I know, she didn’t just sleep with you, she slept with Dustin Silverman and Caiden Owens too!” 
Anger suddenly swelled in Joan and she used every bit of strength she had to kick the man’s leg. 
“That’s not true!” she yelled furiously. 
“What the f*ck!” The man got up from the ground and gave her two more slaps. 
Not far away, Larry balled his fists as a murderous look flashed across his eyes. Sensing his killing intent, Caspian gripped his arm tightly, afraid that he might do something he would regret later on. 
Ding! Larry’s phone pinged just then. 
Good. They’re here! Larry instantly relaxed, a cunning smile playing on his lips as he said, “Let her go. I can give you as much money as you want, but if you don’t, I’ll make you wish you were dead.”
###Chapter 2795
Chapter 2795 
A Pursuit 
Larry’s voice was calm and devoid of any warmth. 
For some reason, the man shuddered involuntarily upon hearing Larry’s words. How can he still be so arrogant? What can the two of them even do? 
The man straightened his clothes, trying to calm himself. 
With a wave of his hand, he ordered, “Take her away!” Then, he turned to leave. 
“You probably don’t know this, but Della’s father has always been against her underhanded actions,” Larry said suddenly, causing the man to halt in his stride. 
Della and her father were world-renowned figures. Although her father kept a relatively lower profile than her, he was labeled by the public as a person of good moral standing and reputation. 
Could this guy be close to Della’s father? The man turned around to look at Larry with a hint of doubt entering his eyes. Who the hell is Larry Norton? 
And why is Caspian willingly doing his bidding? 
“I’ll give you two minutes to think about it. If you still don’t let her go after that, be prepared to face the consequences.” Larry’s emanated a frightening aura. 
Unbeknownst to him, Larry’s men already had the place surrounded and were ready to ambush at any second. 
The man looked up at the sky, as though merely waiting for two minutes to pass.
Right then, a young man brought over a phone to him. “Boss, your phone is ringing.” 
“How’s everything going?” Della’s voice drifted over the line. 
“Not very good,” the man replied. 
“Get rid of her if it’s necessary!” 
The man froze momentarily. She wants me to kill her? There was no way he would do that. “Ms. Duff, you didn’t mention anything about this before! You only said you wanted me to bring her to you!” 
Two minutes passed. Judging by the nervous look on the man’s face as he spoke on the phone, Larry refrained from taking action, thinking that perhaps there still might be a chance to turn things around. 
Soon, the man ended the call and threw his phone into the trash bin nearby. Damn it. I knew women couldn’t be trusted. 
“I-” 
Suddenly, his phone rang again. The young man standing by the side quickly picked the phone out of the trash bin and handed it to his boss again. 
“Get rid of her, and I’ll give you ten million with safe passage out of the country.” With that, the line went dead. 
Ten million! A rush of excitement ran through the man. “You two should just leave. Mind your own business and stop looking for trouble! Did you really think just the two of you is enough to save her?” 
Panic gripped Larry and he bellowed, “Come out!” 
At his command, more than a hundred men emerged. The man started to panic at the sight of so many men. It looks like they came fully prepared!
“What should we do, boss? I’m too young to die!” cried his young subordinate. 
The moment Larry and Caspian took a step forward, the man jerked Joan into his arms and held a knife against her neck, a chilly glint in his eyes. 
He slowly backed away and warned, “Don’t come any closer!” The knife resting on Joan’s neck effectively stopped Larry and Caspian from moving any further, afraid that one misstep would end her life. 
“I told you, as long as you let her go, I’ll pretend none of this happened.” Larry kept trying to persuade the man. 
Who is he trying to bluff? In this world, no one can be trusted. The man clutched Joan tightly, as if afraid she was going to run away, but at that moment, she was so weak her face was completely drained of color. 
“Clear a path. Now!” 
Larry immediately motioned at his men. 
“Larry, are you sure about this? Are you really going to let him leave?” Caspian asked worriedly. 
Larry did not answer as he gazed fixatedly at the man who was forcefully dragging Joan away. After he shoved her into a car, a pursuit began. 
More than a dozen black vehicles sped along the road. Noticing the cars hot on his heels, the man panicked. “Call Norton and tell him to stop!”
###Chapter 2796
Chapter 2796 
Cruel Fate 
Joan turned to look out the window, ignoring the man beside her. 
Filled with fear, he roared at her. “Do you still want to live?” 
He was restless, but Joan remained silent as though she couldn’t hear him. She knew that if something were to happen to her, Larry would never spare this man. 
Finally, the car stopped because there was no way forward anymore. 
The man was mortified when he saw nothing but water in front of him. He instantly dragged Joan out of the car and held her in an iron grip. Larry, Caspian, and the rest caught up soon after. 
“Let her go!” Larry roared, getting increasingly impatient. 
“Stay right there!” The man kept retreating, looking as though he was about to plunge into the sea. Left without a choice, Larry finally stopped moving forward. 
“Don’t force my hand!” The man was at his wits’ end. He merely wanted to make a fortune and never expected things to escalate to this point. 
“Stay still! It’s too dangerous!” Larry extended his right hand and cautioned loudly, but at that moment, the man seemed to be a prisoner of his own mind as he drowned in remorse and despair. 
At last, both of them fell into the sea with a loud splash. 
“Joan!” Larry made a mad dash forward with terror gripping his heart. His men immediately flew into action, jumping into the sea one after another to look for Joan.
You can’t die, Joan! You can’t! Larry swam in the sea in search of her with tears rolling down his cheeks. It had been so many years since he shed a tear. 
There was still no trace of Joan even after a long time. 
“Larry, you can’t swim any further!” Caspian shouted while holding him back. Before them was the middle of the sea, which was extremely dangerous. There was probably no hope of surviving if a person swam out there alone. 
Larry abruptly slapped Caspian and growled, “Don’t stop me! I need to find Joan!” 
Caspian became frantic and wrapped his arms tightly around Larry, allowing the latter to curse and hit him as much as he wanted. Gradually, the sky darkened and they swam to shore. 
Larry and Caspian sat on the beach, staring at the sea as sorrow washed over them. 
“Larry! Caspian!” Suddenly, Jessica rushed over. 
Both men were not in the mood to entertain her and kept their eyes trained ahead, lost in thought. 
Looking at their icy expressions, Jessica understood that something had happened to Joan. 
“Where is she?” she asked worriedly. 
Caspian bowed his head and answered with regret, “We couldn’t find her.” Jessica’s knees gave out beneath her and she plopped onto the sand. With grief lining her features, tears escaped the corner of her eyes. 
How can this world be so complicated? She was just a defenseless woman, yet she was subjected to such a cruel fate!
Unable to handle the distress, she fell into Caspian’s arms and started sobbing. 
Larry sat on the beach until two in the morning but showed no sign of leaving any time soon. Probably tired from crying, Jessica had fallen asleep in Caspian’s arms. 
“C’mon, Larry. Let’s go back,” Caspian suggested with a pat on his shoulder. 
“I’m going to wait here for Joan to come back,” Larry replied firmly. 
Wait? She’s already dead! Lifting his head to the sky, Caspian closed his eyes and inhaled a deep breath to regain his composure before advising, “Larry, you still need to take care of Ms. Young and Lucius at home.” 
No. I want to take care of Joan. Nothing is more important than her! Larry shook his head adamantly and stopped speaking altogether. 
“Larry! Pull yourself together. Joan is dead! She is dead! But are you really going to give up on us just like that?” Caspian was livid. He knew that Larry loved Joan very much, but he also knew that Joan hated it when he retreated into himself like that. 
“What the hell do you know?” 
Larry flung his hand away and bit his lower lip until he tasted blood. Caspian was angered by the blank and lonely look in his eyes, but more than that, he was heartbroken.
###Chapter 2797
Chapter 2797 
The Old Couple 
“Bring Jessica with you and don’t let her catch a cold,” said Larry in a deep voice as he waved at him. 
Caspian stood up. After a moment of hesitation, he walked toward the car with Jessica, leaving only Larry remaining on the beach. 
The sun rose above the surface of the ocean the next day, while a few seagulls frolicked nearby. It was extremely tranquil. Joan opened her eyes slowly and massaged her temples. Only then did she realize that she was not dead yet. Huh? Where am I? She scanned her surroundings and frowned. 
She could vaguely remember that after she fell into the ocean, she had tried to swim frantically. When she reached the shore, she must have been so exhausted that she fell asleep. 
“Ma’am, are you okay?” Suddenly, an old man walked over and asked worriedly. 
“Where am I?” Joan looked at her surroundings, finding it quite unfamiliar. 
“Ma’am, you should change your clothes.” The old man pointed at Joan and whispered embarrassedly. Completely drenched, she looked pathetic. 
“Darling!” 
“I’m coming!” 
Soon, the elderly couple brought her to their house. 
“This is my daughter’s clothes. Please make do with them for now,” whispered the old woman as she glanced at Joan embarrassedly.
It’s already great that I have something to wear. What else can I complain about? Joan quickly took the clothes and walked into the room briskly. 
The elderly couple lived by the sea and did not stay in frequent contact with the outside world. They were honest and kind people without any tricks up their sleeves. 
“Thank you.” Joan walked out and bowed toward the elderly couple. 
“You’re welcome. Darling, look. She looks so pretty in our daughter’s clothes,” said the old woman to the old man gently, her eyes brimming with affection. 
I really envy them! A smile crept up on Joan’s face. 
“Where are you from? Why did you fall asleep on the beach?” The old man turned around and asked, confused. 
I’m not asleep! I fainted! Joan gazed back at them. Scratching her head, she smiled awkwardly and explained, “I’m quite a playful person, so yesterday, I…” 
She did not tell them the truth. 
After Joan woke up, she decided against going home immediately. Instead, she wanted to stay low first before planning her next step. 
Meanwhile, Larry was in no mood to work. Every day, he was immersed in the sorrow and agony of losing Joan. Both Caspian and Jessica did not know what to do with him. 
“Larry, don’t be like this. Joan’s already gone. You have to…” said Jessica hesitatingly. 
“No! She’s not dead! She’s just so playful that she hasn’t returned home yet!” Larry interrupted her directly and yelled in a cold tone. Jessica fell silent afterward, not uttering a single word anymore.
She knew that regardless of what she said, he would never be convinced. Despite seeing how much pain Larry was in, she was helpless to do anything other than to feel pity and heartache for him. 
“Larry!” Suddenly, Caspian barged in. 
It seemed like something bad had happened. Jessica immediately walked forward to stop Caspian. She winked at him, signaling for him to calm down. 
“Jake made a move again.” Caspian’s voice was icy cold. 
Jake’s still haunting us! Jessica clenched her fist as a cold glint flashed in her eyes. Then, she whispered something into Caspian’s ears and left. 
She wanted to see what that bastard, Jake, was up to! 
Without any hesitation, Jessica headed straight to M Group. 
“Wow, this is surprising! How is it possible that Ms. Zimmer is free enough to visit me?” remarked Jake sarcastically in his office as he took a sip of water. 
“Jake, what do you want?” Jessica’s voice was brimming with fury and viciousness. He was targeting Larry the moment Joan left! She had been controlling her emotions all the while. Otherwise, with her usual personality, she would have been hurling insults at him by now.
###Chapter 2798
Chapter 2798 
Always Loved Joan 
“What do you mean? What else do I want? As I businessman, I naturally strive for profit. Ever since ancient times, the victor wins glory while the loser is condemned. The same rule applies to business as well,” replied Jake coldly. 
Is that all to it? Jessica scrutinized him suspiciously. There are probably some personal reasons involved, right? 
“Joan’s already dead. Your enemy is no longer alive, so please, just focus on your business and stop stirring up trouble!” 
When Jessica said that, a grim look crept into Jake’s eyes. 
He thought that Joan’s death would bring him excitement. To his surprise, when he received news of it, he was racked with sorrow and fury. 
It was only then that he realized his own feelings. 
Right from the start, he had always loved Joan. 
He thought that he had fallen in love with Joan’s assistant. However, it was merely an excuse for him to get close to Joan despite knowing very well that she was unattainable. This world’s crazy, huh? Jake closed his eyes and sighed gently, trying to calm himself. 
“If you’re here to reprimand me, I’m sorry to say that you can leave now,” said Jake bluntly.
He’s unreasonable! Jessica spun around and stomped out in her high heels, leaving Jake in the office. With narrowed eyes, he peered out of the window, his silhouette looking quite lonely. 
He yearned to meet Joan one last time, but it was too late. 
“Should we continue, Mr. Wilson?” His assistant walked over and asked carefully. 
“Yes! We must get our hands on Norton Corporation!” replied Jake firmly. 
His goal had always been to acquire Norton Corporation. However, he did not expect that Larry would convert it into a fashion company. 
Joan’s death further solidified his resolve to acquire Norton Corporation. Perhaps, he was furious that Larry failed to take good care of Joan, or he was merely jealous of him. 
Back at Norton Corporation, Larry was sitting on the couch in his office and staring at Joan’s photograph. 
“What are you planning to do, Mr. Norton?” asked his assistant, looking extremely concerned. However, all Larry could think about was Joan’s face. 
“Mr. Norton?” repeated the assistant. 
A long time passed, but Larry gave no response. The assistant sighed and left slowly. 
Jessica stomped toward Larry and snatched the photograph away from his hands. “Larry, what are you doing? Do you no longer want your company? Are you not going to enter the fashion industry anymore? Your assistant spent such a long time trying to persuade you.” 
Jessica blew her top.
“Give it back!” snapped Larry viciously as he glared at her. 
“Larry, I’m begging you. Can you pull yourself together? Let’s conquer this obstacle, okay? Do you know how many crises the company is facing? Jake is planning to acquire Norton Corporation! You can’t just sit idly by and not do anything!” Jessica’s voice was filled with anxiety. She could not bear to watch Norton Corporation fall into Jake’s grasp, nor could she let Larry wallow in his despair anymore! 
“Return Joan to me!” yelled Larry as he chased after her. 
Joan, Joan, Joan! At this critical juncture, he’s still thinking about his love life! 
Crash! Jessica threw the photo frame onto the floor, causing it to smash into smithereens. 
“Joan!” Larry fell onto his knees and clutched his head in agony. Unable to hold himself back, his right palm landed on Jessica’s cheek. 
“Did you just slap me?” Jessica looked at him in disbelief as a despondent look crept into her eyes. 
“Jessica!” Caspian barged in. Looking at the scene in front of him, he felt a complex emotion surface within him. He gently nudged Jessica, signaling for her to leave. Then, he grabbed the broom and started sweeping the splintered fragments up. Although the photo frame was broken, the photograph was unscathed. 
Lary picked up the photograph from the floor gently, his heart aching.
###Chapter 2799
Chapter 2799 
Please Leave Right Away 
“Larry, it’s been so many days. It’s time for you to snap out of it,” said Caspian worriedly. 
If this continued, Norton Corporation would be exploited by its employees and be acquired by Jake one day. 
Ever since Larry’s emotions became unstable, the employees in Norton Corporation were starting to falter. 
“Why don’t we quit? Look at Mr. Norton now. How can he possibly manage the company?” 
“Yeah, I don’t want others to say that I’m working for a psychotic man.” 
A few employees were mumbling outside the office, looking quite displeased. 
“What are you doing there? If you want to quit, just get lost!” Jessica’s expression was extremely stern. The few of them pursed their lips and left with a look of disdain. 
Looking at everyone’s listless gazes and lethargic expressions, Jessica’s heart skipped a beat. Indeed, all of them are just snobs! 
Back in the office, Caspian stared at Larry helplessly, feeling very anxious. 
Bang! Della walked into Larry’s office directly with a bright grin on her face. 
Joan’s death was an exhilarating piece of news for her. She sashayed toward Larry and stared at him seductively.
“Larry, what’s wrong?” Della placed a hand on his shoulder and asked softly. There was something different with her tone. 
Without any hesitation, Larry flung her hand away and swiveled his head around, not looking at her. 
Is he still sad? Della sneered. So what? No matter how sad he is, Joan will never return! As she gloated about it, a relieved look flickered past her eyes. 
“Leave,” instructed Larry coldly. He suspected that Joan’s death had something to do with Della, just that he had not found any evidence to prove it yet. 
Della was stunned for a while before regaining her composure. “Larry, don’t be too devastated. There’s plenty of fish in the sea.” 
Her words were so exaggerated that Larry felt annoyed at her. 
Perhaps as she was too eager, she did not notice Larry’s change in expression. She continued persuading him to stop feeling sad until he eventually lost his temper. 
“Della, please leave right away! I don’t want to see you!” yelled Larry, his tone brimming with unhappiness. Looking at his cold expression, Della was stunned. 
This jerk! Why is he so stubborn? Well, I’m patient enough to wait till he snaps out of it. She immediately stopped talking and sat down beside him. 
The room was instantly filled with silence. 
Larry stared at the photograph in his hands and fell into deep thoughts. 
When Caspian saw this awkward scene from outside the office, he quickly entered. “Larry, there’s a business meeting tonight.”
“I’m not going.” Before Caspian could finish his sentence, Larry interrupted him. Della threw a glance at Caspian and snorted coldly. A look of disdain crept into her eyes. 
Exasperated, Caspian left the office. Forget it. Regardless of who speaks to him now, he’ll never listen. 
Sighing, Caspian left. He initially wanted to find an excuse for Larry to leave Della, but he refused to cooperate! 
Soon, the sky darkened. Larry was still sitting on the couch and staring at the photograph, not intending to leave at all. Meanwhile, Della flipped through the magazines out of boredom. It seemed as if she was waiting for something. 
The atmosphere was very awkward. Unable to bear it anymore, Della walked over and reminded, “Larry, it’s getting late. It’s time to go home.” 
“You should leave,” replied Larry directly, not even raising his head. His voice sounded a little hoarse. 
He did not wish to go home, nor did he know how to face Delilah and Lucius. He did not even want to lie on a bed without Joan by his side. 
“Larry, you should at least have dinner!” Della’s voice revealed a hint of worry. She did not expect him to be so utterly obsessed to such an extent. 
“I’m not hungry or tired,” replied Larry plainly.
###Chapter 2800
Chapter 2800 
Like Our Daughter 
Della became furious immediately. If he refuses to eat, drink or sleep, what does he want to do? Does he want to die like Joan? 
“Let’s go! You must eat with me today!” As she spoke, she tried to drag Larry out of the office. 
“Don’t touch me!” yelled Larry as he flung her hand away. 
Is he crazy? 
“Larry, let’s eat, okay? We’ll come back after eating.” A pleading tone crept into Della’s voice. She suddenly felt a bit lost. All she wanted to do was to harm Joan, not to sabotage her beloved Larry! 
Larry curled up into a ball and lay on the sofa. Hugging Joan’s photograph, he slowly closed his eyes. 
All Della could feel was heartache. She stopped convincing him and left the office directly. 
Meanwhile, Joan was still busy by the sea. She seemed to be in a good mood. 
“Help me out, Joan!” yelled the old woman, raising the fishing net. 
“I’m coming!” The elderly couple fished for a living. However, they only earned a little and did not pin any hopes on earning a fortune. 
“Ma’am, why don’t you start a fish shop?” Joan stared at the elderly couple dubiously, feeling puzzled. Fishermen like them had an advantage those urban-dwellers did not. If they were serious about starting a fish shop, they would definitely earn a lot of money.
The elderly couple exchanged glances, shook their heads, and smiled. 
“We only sell our fish to the residents nearby. We don’t plan on expanding our business,” explained the old woman. 
Yeah, those living in the cities are manipulative people, with countless tricks up their sleeves. It’s common to see trickery and scams rife amongst them. They are just a pair of naive, old couples. Why would they be willing to join those urban-dwellers? 
Joan mocked herself silently, feeling slightly guilty. 
I wonder how Larry’s doing now. I hope that he isn’t too devastated. A despondent look flashed across Joan’s eyes. 
“What are you thinking about, young lady?” asked the old woman softly as she waved his hand in front of Joan. 
“Huh? Nothing.” Joan quickly returned to her senses and continued with her work. 
Suddenly, a few children ran over and pleaded with Joan to play with them. 
As she could not bear to ruin their excitement, Joan bade the elderly couple farewell before having fun with the children. 
Gazing at the lively scene, a contented smile played on the old woman’s lips. 
“That young lady is really like our daughter,” remarked the old man as he whispered into the old woman’s ears. She smiled as tears welled up in her eyes. 
They used to have a daughter in the past. However, after she went swimming in the ocean at twenty years old, she never returned.
Probably because she was too exhausted, Joan returned home after playing with the kids for a while. 
“Joan, do you want to call your family? They must be worried sick about you,” asked the old woman as she worked in the kitchen. 
Immediately, a hint of disappointment appeared in Joan’s eyes. She was conflicted by this issue too, but in the end, she could not convince herself to call Larry. 
She knew very well that this storm had not passed. 
“I know,” she replied, feigning lightheartedness. 
Meanwhile, Caspian and Jessica were standing in front of Larry in his office at Norton Corporation. Their expressions were stern. 
“Larry, if you know that Joan isn’t dead yet, will you be rejuvenated immediately?” asked Jessica. Larry raised his head instantly. Gazing at her seriously with a look of anticipation, he grabbed her arm. “Have you found her? She isn’t dead, right?” 
A surprised expression appeared on Caspian’s face too. 
Actually, Jessica was simply trying to attract Larry’s attention when she said that. 
“Larry, I’ll help you find Joan. Can you please pull yourself together?” Jessica coaxed Larry like she was coaxing a child. On the other hand, Caspian felt puzzled. 
Perhaps Joan is still alive now. However, where should we find her? He nudged Jessica gently, his eyes filled with confusion.

###Chapter 2801
Chapter 2801 
Life Goes On 
She winked at him, signaling for him to remain quiet. Caspian immediately turned his head around silently. 
“Can you really find her?” asked Larry anxiously. 
Looking at the sorrow on his face, Jessica’s heart ached terribly. She patted her chest and declared firmly, “Yes! Don’t worry, Larry. I’ll definitely find her!” 
Larry immediately sat up straight. Having regained his usual composure, he grabbed his coat and marched out of the office. 
Gazing at his back, Caspian was stunned. Is he fully recovered already? He stared at Jessica in disbelief and surprise. “You’re not bad, huh?” 
Jessica cast him a glance and raised her chin proudly. Then, she strode out of the office and chased after Larry. 
Ever since Jessica promised Larry to look for Joan, he started working so frantically that it was as if he had taken drugs. He did not even take a single break. 
Although Caspian and Jessica were pleased with his change in attitude, they were worried too. 
“What do you plan to do?” Caspian asked Jessica as he stared at Larry from outside his office. 
What else can I do? Just look for her! Jessica sighed softly. However, the prospects of Joan being alive is quite bleak.
“I’m going to look for her by the sea,” she said firmly. Since she had already promised Larry, she had to keep to her words. It did not matter whether the outcome was good or bad. 
Caspian pulled Jessica into his arms and kissed her forehead gently. Looking glad, he said, “It’s been hard on you.” 
Yeah, it really has been rough. For the past few days, she had been rushing around to settle Larry’s affairs. Luckily, he had already resumed his usual composure at work. 
Jake thought that Larry would keep wallowing in despair after Joan’s death. Thinking that his plan to acquire Norton Corporation would succeed soon, he was surprised to find out that Larry had already started working frantically. 
“What are you doing? You can’t even do such a simple task well!” Jake threw all the documents on the table onto the floor, his expression furious. 
The people in front of him trembled, their heads lowered. They did not dare to utter a single word. Indeed, the acquisition of Norton Corporation had failed. 
“Get lost!” Jake had completely lost his temper. Damn it! How can Larry immerse himself in work so quickly! 
Bam! Jake punched the wall behind him, causing a stream of blood to trickle down his fingers. 
Norton Corporation had already regained its initial hopeful prospects. All of its employees were motivated and busy with their work, none of them showing any signs of slacking off. 
Larry’s recovery must have given them the motivation to work hard.
Looking at all these, Jessica heaved a sigh of relief and no longer felt as nervous as before. She walked into Larry’s office with a smile and praised, “Larry, you’re doing well!” 
Larry smiled and continued flipping through the documents in his hand. Naturally, he knew that she was referring to how he had successfully stopped Jake’s acquisition of Norton Corporation. 
“What about you? Have you found Joan?” asked Larry without even raising his head. 
Immediately, an embarrassed look appeared on Jessica’s face. She had already visited all the families living by the sea, but she still could not catch a glimpse of Joan. Stuttering, she explained, “Well… Larry, you know that this needs time.” 
Disappointment flashed in Larry’s eyes. Actually, he knew it very well himself. He was simply lying to himself. After falling into such a vast and deep ocean, how was it possible for Joan to remain alive? 
He merely did not want to admit the fact that she had passed away. 
“You can take your leave first. I still need to settle some things. Look for me when you manage to find Joan.” Larry’s voice sounded exhausted. 
He’s still evading it. Jessica shook her head sadly. She knew Larry’s current emotions well—she felt the same way when she lost her parents. However, life still had to go on no matter what happened!
###Chapter 2802
Chapter 2802 
She Is Alive 
Looking glum, Jessica exited the office slowly. 
Putting down the pen in his hand, Larry walked to the window, lit up a cigarette, and began smoking. 
Don’t you worry, Joan, I’ll take good care of Ms. Young and Lucius. He raised his head and looked at the sky as if he was searching for an answer. 
“Let’s grab a meal together, Larry,” Della asked in a seductive tone. 
Ignoring her, Larry walked across to his desk and continued reading documents while a cold look flashed across his eyes. 
How dare he ignore me! Della adjusted her posture and quickened her steps to get near him. She then breathed into his ear, but her action annoyed Larry. 
“Get lost!” he scowled and barked fiercely. Embarrassed, Della froze. 
“Um… You haven’t eaten, have you? I thought we could eat together,” she recollected herself and said seriously. 
Larry remained quiet and hostile as if he did not hear a thing she said. Moments later, the anxious Della patted his back and repeated her invitation. 
“You go ahead and leave me alone,” he shrugged and said contemptuously. 
Della’s heart sank upon hearing his blatant and heartless rejection. She wanted to say something but faltered. In the end, she left the room without saying a word.
In less than half an hour, Della returned to Larry’s office with some takeout. “Here you go.” 
She could not stand him not taking his meals on time. 
Larry did not give her any response. Della’s heart wrenched as she sat on the sofa and stared at him the whole time. She had liked him for so long, but she still could not earn a place in his heart even after Joan’s death. She felt so miserably at the thought of it. 
“Why are you still here?” Larry threw her a question while concentrating on the computer screen. 
Della regained her senses and smiled. He actually notices that I’m still here. “I just want to accompany you for a little while more.” 
She just wanted to stay by his side, regardless if he despised her. 
Meanwhile, at Jake’s office, Ted proclaimed softly, “I’ve found her, Mr. Wilson.” 
Jake jumped up from the sofa in a flash. Is Joan still alive? His heart skipped a beat. 
“Where’s she? Where did she go?” he asked impatiently. 
“She’s staying with a family by the sea,” Ted replied. 
“Let’s go!” In a jiffy, Jake stood up, grabbed his jacket, and headed out. 
Joan, you survived! A smug smile appeared on his face. 
He had heard about Joan’s fall into the sea but no one could locate her body. Thus, Ted had been helping him search for her even though he initially thought that the probability of finding Joan was very low. Eventually, his persistence bore fruit.
Soon, the car pulled over by the beach. Jake walked toward the identified family. He did not expose himself but monitored them from a hidden corner. 
“Joan, come over and help me tidy up the nets!” An old woman shouted not too far away. 
“Sure!” 
That’s Joan’s voice, I can’t have mistaken it! Jake was thrilled. He tried to calm himself down and hide his gleeful expression. 
From afar, he could see that Joan and the old woman were busy working. They seemed happy. 
As long as she’s happy… It warmed his heart to see her smile. Subconsciously, his lips curled up too. 
Ted was observing Jake’s reaction and was astonished to catch him smiling affectionately as he looked at Joan. Doesn’t Mr. Wilson always dislike Joan?
###Chapter 2803
Chapter 2803 
The Fight Has Just Begun 
“Mr. Wilson,” Ted asked carefully, “Well, shall we go over and say hi?” 
No, we can’t greet her. 
Jake clenched his fists in an attempt to suppress the urge of meeting Joan. She must still think that I hate her. I need to give her some time to gradually change her perception of me… 
“No need. Let’s head back,” as he spoke, Jake turned around and walked toward the car. 
What does he have in mind? Dumbfounded, Ted watched him walk away. 
“Arrange for someone to be stationed here and protect her. Remember, don’t let her get hurt at all costs. Also, don’t allow anyone to disturb her,” Jake instructed solemnly. 
Ted was completely baffled. What’s Mr. Wilson doing? Has he fallen for Joan? Then, what about Faye? 
I guess it’s normal for a guy to desire women and love a few of them at the same time. Ted fixed his shirt and nodded unswervingly. 
Joan was enjoying her moments by the sea with the old woman. She had no clue that Jake was there. The latter then started a brand new plan. 
At the Norton Corporation, all staff was as busy as a bee, especially Larry. Recently, there had been additional projects, which made him a little excited. 
The busier he got, the lesser time he had to think about Joan. That was exactly what Jessica had hoped for.
“Have a cup of coffee, Larry.” Jessica served him a cuppa. 
“I’ve said this before; don’t come over to my office until Joan is found,” Larry stated firmly without glancing at her. 
Pouting, displeasure flitted across Jessica’s gaze. 
As she had expected, he was harsh with his words. Yet, she was not bothered by it. 
Larry should remain his workaholic self and be in that tiptop condition to motivate his staff at Norton Corporation, regardless if Joan was dead or alive. If the boss slacks off, what reason do the employees have to work hard? Hence, she chose to procrastinate although she had been searching for her too. 
“I heard that you’ve acquired a few more projects lately. Is that right, Larry?” Jessica smiled gladly. 
“Yes,” Larry answered indifferently. 
Seeing him being overwhelmed with work, Jessica’s heart went out to him. 
She had once loved Larry dearly, but had given up after multiple failed attempts of winning his heart. Since then, she had devoted her feelings toward Caspian. 
“Oh, congratulations!” she commented. 
Larry paused for a brief second before continuing to sign some documents. 
I wonder how’s Joan right now? Or is she already in heaven? His expression dimmed and remained faintly aloof. 
Jessica knew that he was thinking about Joan. So, she stopped talking and went back to sit down on the sofa.
Joan, are you still alive? Squinting her eyes at the ceiling, she sank into deep thoughts. 
After what seemed like forever, she fell asleep on the sofa. 
Bang! A panic-stricken Caspian darted into the office. 
“What is it?” Larry stared at him angrily. 
“Um… Jake has also established a fashion company,” Caspian said with bated breath. 
Larry put down the pen in his hand and paced across to the window. Staring at the lighthouse nearby, he looked burdened and worried. Looks like Jake is determined to fight me till the end? 
With his arms folded across his chest, Larry exuded an intimidating aura. Business is a win-or-lose game, and the competition with Jake has just begun. 
“What should we do now, Larry?” Caspian sounded anxious. 
What else? Remain calm and tackle him head-on. Larry turned and gave Caspian a dead stare.
###Chapter 2804
Chapter 2804 
Taking Action 
“Remember this, Caspian, whoever gets serious, loses…” Larry continued his lecture, but Caspian could only absorb that much. 
The latter was not a sophisticated person, so he never had an eye for detail. However, being meticulous was extremely important in the corporate world, as an inadvertent administrative or management error could destroy a company. 
Scratching his head, Caspian faltered awkwardly, “Larry, all of these that you’re saying…” 
Knowing that Caspian did not fully understand what he had said, Larry ended the conversation with a straightforward statement, “Fine, forget it, as long as Jessica understands.” Being a business-minded person, he assumed that Jessica would see where he was coming from, but she was fast asleep at that moment. 
“Who called me?” Half-awake, the person who was lying on the sofa extended her body into a stretch and let out a big yawn. 
“Wake up, Jessica! Quick, Larry’s got something to say to you,” Caspian urged her while shaking her body. 
Smack! Accidentally, her right palm landed squarely on Caspian’s face. 
Larry snickered at the sight of it. 
Meanwhile, a displeased expression crept across Jake’s face at the office. Ted tested the water by asking, “Mr. Wilson, should we take action?”
He paused before reminding Jake, “Jessica is still searching for Joan.” 
Hmm? That b*tch is interfering in this matter? Jake stood up slowly and walked to the windows to get a breath of fresh air in order to regulate his emotions. 
“Don’t act rashly until the situation calls for it. If Jessica is meddling in our affairs, take action then.” His stern orders terrified Jake, who then left the office immediately. 
I hope that you can cooperate with me, Joan; otherwise, I’ll have to use force. 
Clenching his fists, Jake’s aura turned icy cold. 
The next few days, Jessica parked herself at Larry’s office. Instead of helping him out with work, she was actually supervising his every move. 
She could not express her true intentions to Larry, causing the latter to be very annoyed with her constant presence in the office. 
Larry liked working silently by himself. He felt very uncomfortable knowing that there was another soul sharing the same space with him, regardless if the person made any noise. 
“Jessica, hurry up and go back to your bookstore,” Larry said without lifting his head, repressing his emotions to sound calm. 
“No! The business at the bookstore is good, don’t worry,” Jessica replied while flipping pages on the magazine. Staying at Norton Corporation allowed her to keep an eye on Larry as well as Caspian. 
“But being here…” 
Ring! Ring! Ring! 
Jessica’s phone interrupted Larry.
“Ms. Zimmer, we found a person by the seaside. She looks like the one you asked me to find. Would you like to come over and find out more?” a gentle woman’s voice reported over the phone. 
Joan is found? 
“Really?” 
Thrilled, her eyes lit up. Larry was astonished to see her beamed with joy all of a sudden but still chose to lower his head and continued working. 
“Larry, I’ve got to go!” she threw him a sentence while making her way out of his office after picking up her handbag. 
This girl always does as she pleases! Such a brat. Larry sighed while shaking his head. 
Without any hesitation, Jessica got into her car and accelerated all the way to the beach. Jake found out about this too. 
“Mr. Wilson, I’ve just got the news that she’s on her way there,” Ted informed Jake. 
Since he had planted spies to surveil Joan, he would naturally receive any first-hand news related to her. That was why it came to his attention when somebody called Jessica that day. 
“Think of a way to ask Joan out,” Jake ordered and left at once.
###Chapter 2805
Chapter 2805 
Marry Me 
Ted gazed blankly at Jake’s retreating figure in confusion. I’m supposed to ask Joan out? What nonsense is this? Why would she agree to go out with me? Or should I do it using Mr. Wilson’s name? 
Clasping his fists, Ted grew in confidence. 
“Ms. Watts!” 
Seeing how Ted dashed toward her, Joan was startled for a second before her features gradually returned to normal. 
Why is he here? Oh no, does he intend to find fault with me? A tinge of fear flashed across her eyes. 
It was not easy for her to lead a stable life. All she wanted was to wait until the issue settled down in the city, before returning home. However, she did not expect Jake to have found her so fast. 
“Is there anything I can help you with?” she asked without beating around the bush. 
Embarrassed, Ted sniffled. 
“Um… Ms. Watts, Mr. Wilson would like to ask you out,” he enunciated each word carefully. 
The whole world was aware that Jake loathed Joan very much, to the extent that he harbored hatred toward her. Hence, it would be a natural thing for Joan to decline to meet up with Jake. 
“Sorry, I’m quite busy and don’t have time for a chat,” Joan rejected bluntly.
This woman clearly doesn’t know what’s good for her! No, I can’t let Jessica find her. Ted’s gaze grew intense. 
“Ms. Watts, our president really has something to discuss with you. It’s about Ms. Young and the child,” Ted covered his mouth and whispered. 
Joan was stupefied. 
What is he trying to do? Threatening me with an elderly and a kid? That’s utterly despicable! Putting down the tool in her hand, she stared daggers at the man before him. 
“Inform Jake that I’ll not forgive him if he dares to lay a finger on Ms. Young and Lucius!” she retorted coldly. 
Ted was taken aback by her response. 
He could not figure out why would Joan care so much for two individuals who had no blood connections with her. 
“Shall we?” Ted gestured her to walk ahead. 
Thump! Joan kicked away the pebbles by her feet and left with gritted teeth. Shortly after, they both arrived at a nearby restaurant. 
At a far corner of the restaurant, Jake slouched into a sofa and was casually sipping coffee. 
Thump! 
Joan pushed the door open and stomped in aggressively. 
“What do you want, Jake?” she yelled, furrowing her brows.
What else? Of course I want you! 
“Never in a million years have I thought that you’re still alive and kicking, Joan,” he said in a strange tone. 
Before her arrival, he spent a lot of time contemplating what to say and how to express his thoughts about her. Yet, the moment he saw her, he returned to his hostile self. 
What’s wrong with me? I do love her, don’t I? He pinched his thigh mercilessly in an attempt to clear his mind. 
“You’re really something, Jake. Only the rich and wealthy can do whatever they want, whenever they want it, wherever it is,” Joan said sarcastically. 
Thanks to his dad! 
“Why? Are you jealous? Marry me then, and I’ll let you have everything that you’ve ever dreamt of, including Larry,” Jake teased her. 
Good heavens! He must be off his rocker! What’s up with him that he’d utter such nonsensical things? 
Jake could not be bothered about Larry’s existence as he only wanted Joan.
###Chapter 2806
Chapter 2806 
A Confession 
The sinister look on his face left her unsettled. I thought he hated me? Doesn’t he loathe me all along? 
“Jake, are you trying to take revenge on me? Fine, bring it on,” she said rudely. 
She thinks that I’m getting back at her? Jake sneered. Can’t she tell that I’m confessing my feelings to her? What a dumb woman! He was raging deep inside. 
“Say it, what do you want?” Joan asked directly as she took a seat on the sofa. 
Jake stared deep into her eyes. He had missed her so much and did not want his beloved to be found by Jessica. 
“What’s your plan? To hide here forever?” taking a sip of his coffee, he muttered. 
What’s wrong with that? What’s it got to do with him? Joan glared at him and then ignored his presence totally. 
“Come with me,” he requested wholeheartedly. 
Joan wavered at his words. 
What does he mean by that? Intrigued, she fixed her eyes on him. 
He’s made my life a living hell in the past, now he’s begging me to return with him? Did he get up from the wrong side of the bed or did he forget his medication? 
“No,” Joan answered resolutely.
Upon hearing her firm reply, Jake started to get nervous. 
How do I explain everything to her? Where should I begin? What can I do to make her feel my love, to let her know that my feelings are true? 
Moments later, Jake got up and approached Joan. He gently stroked her hair while gazing at her affectionately. 
Joan was dumbstruck by the surprising act demonstrated by the man. 
Is he… molesting me? 
Smack! Out of a sudden, a tight slap landed on Jake’s face, making him stunned. Did she slap me? 
“Jake, you should know that I’m not an easy target. Ditch all of your dirty thoughts!” she fulminated. 
So, that’s what she thinks of me? Lowering his head, he felt completely dejected. Will she acknowledge and believe my feelings for her are real only if I confess directly? 
“I love you, Joan.” 
His unexpected confession sent a shiver down her spine. He must be out of his mind! 
Grabbing her handbag, Joan wanted to leave at once, but Jake pulled her into his arms and held her tightly. 
“Trust me, Joan, I really love you. Stay with me and be my girlfriend, okay?” Gentleness and sincerity laced in his tone. 
She could feel the warmth from his body and even hear his thumping heartbeat.
It took her quite a while before she finally reacted. 
“What a jerk! Let go of me, Jake. Now!” Joan scowled at him defiantly as she yelled and beat him on his shoulders. 
She did not expect him to be so rough to her, yet he was not willing to release her. 
“Listen, Joan, I’ll explain everything to you. Give me a chance to do that, all right?” he begged. 
What’s there to explain? She refused to listen and continued struggling to wriggle out of his embrace, but to no avail. 
In the end, she could no longer contain herself and broke down into tears. 
She was too terrified! 
She could not accept that the heartless man who had previously tormented her was now hugging her, making a bold confession. How absurd! 
I want to go home! I want to see Larry! I don’t want to stay here! 
“Larry…” she murmured as she cried.
###Chapter 2807
Chapter 2807 
That Familiar Name 
When Jake heard the name he dreaded the most, his expression turned icy cold. Damn it, she’s still having a soft spot for that guy! 
Thud! With a forceful shove, he pinned her against the windows. 
Holding her head in her hands, Joan was petrified. 
“Joan, I’m Jake Wilson! Don’t you ever utter his name in front of me. No, don’t you dare speak of any man’s name!” he warned her fiercely. 
He had originally assumed that he could live with the fact that Larry existed in Joan’s heart, but he was mistaken. He would still turn green with envy. Indeed, love is selfish. 
Jake clasped his hands to suppress his own emotions. 
At that point, Joan was extremely frightened. She could not listen to a word he said. 
“Did you hear me?” he bellowed. 
Raising her head, she was met with his death glare. 
However, as soon as he saw her aggrieved look, his heart magically softened. 
“There, there, don’t be scared. I just dislike you mentioning Larry’s name,” he pulled her into a tight embrace and consoled her gently. 
Looking a little helpless and hopeless, Joan wept in his arms.
The atmosphere at the seaside was very lively, with adults and kids frolicking around. 
“Where’s she?” Jessica asked the woman who led her there. 
“This is so strange. I just saw that woman in the picture here a while ago.” Anxious, Jessica scanned her surroundings. 
Where on earth are you, Joan? She searched high and low for her. 
“Ms. Zimmer, we couldn’t locate Mrs. Norton.” 
“Ms. Watts isn’t here, is she?” 
The few individuals chattered away, making Jessica very upset. 
Before long, the sun set, and the crowd flocked home. Jessica checked the time and decided to call it a day. 
Meanwhile at the restaurant, Jake continued persuading Joan to listen to his explanation, with the hope of delaying the time. 
When he saw that it was already nightfall, his lips curled up in a contented smile. 
“All right, I’ll respect your decision. Since you refuse to return with me, let me walk you back to the beach.” Jake stood up and ushered Joan out of the restaurant. 
Seeing how he changed his expressions in a flash, Joan shuddered. Why is he so extreme? 
“Remember, don’t try to escape from my world. Also, don’t even think about running to Larry!” 
Thump!
The office door was kicked open. Faced with an infuriated Jessica, Larry peered at her and said nothing, wondering who had angered her. 
Seated on the sofa next to him, her gaze grew frigid. Was I cheated or did Joan run away? She could not figure it out. 
“What’s wrong?” Caspian approached her and asked softly. 
“Mind your own business!” Jessica barked. 
What an attitude! Larry sighed. 
Caspian’s heart ached at the sight of her going ballistic. He tried to comfort her by running his arms across her shoulders. 
“What happened?” He was worried. 
Wearing a conflicted expression, Jessica turned her nose up at Larry, who was busy working at his desk. 
“Somebody informed me that she saw Joan, so I went to check it out, but she was already gone…” she said under her breath, feeling despondent. 
Larry bolted up the moment he heard that familiar name. With anticipation, he strode across the office to Jessica. 
“Thereafter? Did you find her? How’s she now? Is she all right? Why didn’t you bring her back?” He locked his arms on her shoulders and kept shaking Jessica’s body, demanding a reply.
###Chapter 2808
Chapter 2808 
A Loyal Man 
Jessica was shocked to the core with a pair of widened eyes and a blank face. Had Caspian not shown up in time and saved her, she might have been injured by Larry. 
“When I got there, she’s disappeared.” Jessica felt defeated as a sense of helplessness filled her eyes. 
Larry could not handle the news well. He stumbled onto the sofa, downcast. 
At that moment, Jessica regretted telling Larry about it. She felt sorry for disappointing him after giving him a glimpse of hope. 
“Don’t you worry, Larry, as long as Joan is still alive, I’ll find her at all cost!” Jessica declared confidently. 
Knowing that Larry could not listen to a word she said, Caspian quickly gestured to Jessica, signaling her to leave the room. Subsequently, he sat beside Larry to console him. 
Life is full of ups and downs. With glistening eyes, she cast a gaze at the two individuals in the office. Joan, are you still alive? Where are you right now? 
Feeling desolate and bereft, she lifted her head and shut her eyes. 
Resting his chin on his right hand, Larry spaced out while staring out of the window. 
“Larry, I’m certain that Jessica will look for her,” Caspian reassured him. He knew very well that Larry became very sensitive each time he heard Joan’s name. 
Larry bowed his head as tears welled up in his eyes.
“Oh dear, what’s going on? Everything in this room feels so depressing,” Della walked closer as she commented. 
Caspian felt irritated at the sight of Della. He was aware of her longing for Larry and suspected her of orchestrating the incident by the beach. 
In fact, both Larry and Caspian had the same hunch that Della was the mastermind behind all these, just that they did not have solid evidence to confront her. 
“What are you doing here?” Caspian questioned. 
She strode proudly to Caspian. 
“I’m here for Larry. Does it have anything to do with you?” she replied with disdain. 
She’s one shameless woman! Rage boiled in Caspian as he clenched his fists tightly and gritted his teeth. 
On the contrary, Larry did not show any response. He had been making an effort to stay away from that woman ever since she called off the collaboration with Norton Corporation. 
“What do you want from me?” he asked indifferently. 
What else? I want your love. 
Della walked up to him and hung her right arm on his shoulder. She stared at him coquettishly; her eyes were filled with lustful desires. 
“Larry, let’s grab a meal together.” She exposed her collarbones on purpose.
Too bad, she never understood who Larry was, a man who was loyal only to one woman. He loved Joan, so he would not move on to any other person, regardless if she was dead or alive. 
“Sorry, I’m not available. By the way, please show some respect for yourself and others, would you, Ms. Duff?” Larry pointed at her arm, causing her to feel embarrassed. 
Initially, Caspian was taken aback by Della’s outrageous behavior. Soon, he felt relieved after witnessing how Larry responded to her. 
“You may leave now, Ms. Duff, Larry is very busy,” Caspian remarked. 
How dare this ugly man chase me away! Who does he think he is? 
“Larry…” 
“Get lost!” Larry interrupted her and finished off her sentence with a ruthless order, which shattered her heart into a million pieces. 
How much lower should I stoop just to please him? He obviously doesn’t even care about me. Turning sideways, Della took a deep breath to calm herself. 
Larry, you’re an insolent fool! Della pinched herself hard on the thigh in a bid to clear her mind.
###Chapter 2809
Chapter 2809 
Nightly Calls 
An awkward silence ensured. 
Finally, Della got up and left Larry’s office in her stilettos. 
What a pity! She could have been an exceptionally outstanding woman, yet she chose to be a wicked person. Caspian felt puzzled as he watched her leave. 
Right when Caspian wanted to speak, Larry gestured him to leave the room too. 
Putting himself in Larry’s shoes, he kept quiet and left the office as well. 
Back at the beach, Joan kept herself busy. The only difference was that she became more dispirited. 
“What’s wrong, Joan?” asked the concerned old woman. 
Joan looked at her and shook her head. A hint of fear laced her eyes. 
“What’s bothering you? Share it with us. We’ll go all out to help you if we could,” the old man encouraged her. 
Joan was deeply moved by their earnest words, but she was determined not to get them involved in her personal matters. She would not want to burden them with her problems; more importantly, she did not want them to get hurt. 
Knowing Jake’s temper, he’ll never let anyone who obstructs his plan go easily. 
“Nothing, I’m just a bit tired,” she muttered.
Is that so? Why does she look so sad? The old woman doubted. 
Jake would call Joan almost every night to ask about her day. Although Joan was quite irritated by his persistence, she did not dare to show obvious resistance. 
Many days had passed, she was still in a dilemma. Lifting her head to gaze at the sky, she felt like she was drowning in a sea of sorry. Should I tell Larry about this? 
But Jake has warned me not to do it, or else he might harm Ms. Young and Lucius. No, I can’t allow that to happen. 
Joan balled up her fists until her knuckles were white. 
“The wind is getting stronger. You’d better go back to your room, Joan,” the old woman called out. 
“All right!” Joan obliged and went in to lie on her bed. She was not able to fall asleep. Gazing at the crescent moon, a dejected feeling washed over her. Do I continue like this my whole life? Tossing and turning, she was displeased at that thought. 
Ring! Ring! Ring! 
Her phone rang. Seeing the name on the vibrating screen, she sighed. 
“How was your day? All good?” Jake asked casually over the phone. 
“Do you really have to call me daily? I’m sure you already know what I’ve done throughout the day, don’t you?” she blurted as she was aware that she was being watched. 
Jake froze for a moment and smirked. He liked that she was all prickly and energetic when talking to him.
“Why? You don’t like to hear my voice?” he asked further. 
Of course not! I don’t want to hear it ever again! Shutting her eyes, she looked up, trying to gain her composure. 
“Anything else? If not, I’m going to hang up and retire for the night. I’m tired,” she tried to end the conversation with an excuse. 
“Hold on!” he stopped her. 
Why the rush? We haven’t even spoken for a minute. Do you hate me so much? His dim expression was replaced with anger. 
“Ms. Young and Lucius are doing well, you don’t have to worry about them,” he updated her. 
What does this mean? Is he indirectly threatening me? Joan became wary of him. 
She knew Jake’s personality like the back of her palm. He doesn’t go by the book and is often unpredictable. Not to mention, his train of thoughts is oddly peculiar too.
###Chapter 2810
Chapter 2810 
Get Me Out Of Here Now 
“Jake, I warn you not to lay a finger on them. Otherwise, I’ll never forgive you!” Joan said fiercely, without a trace of warmth in her tone. 
Wow, is she threatening me? Jake scoffed and looked at her contemptuously. What gives? How did she manage to pluck up her courage and speak to me in that manner? 
However, Jake actually enjoyed Joan communicating with him in that tone. That’s her true colors! 
“Relax… As long as you’re obedient to me, I won’t hurt them,” replied Jake, then he immediately hung up. 
Beep! Beep! Beep! After the call was disconnected, Joan was a little exasperated. 
Jake, what made you so cruel and vicious? She buried her head in the sheets and closed her eyes slowly, forcing herself to sleep. 
The next morning, a familiar female voice boomed closer to Joan as she was lazing on the bed. 
“Hurry up and keep searching!” 
“Don’t dilly-dally, quick!” 
Hmm? Isn’t this…? Joan rose to her feet and examined the situation outside from the window. That’s Jessica! Damn it! 
She hurriedly picked up her phone and made a call.
“What’s next? What do you want me to do?” a calm male voice asked. 
“Get me out of here now and bring me back at night,” she requested reluctantly. 
Finally, she’s come to her senses. Jake was glad that Joan called. He had already known that Jessica would be at the seaside to look for Joan that day, but he wanted to test Joan’s reaction. 
Without further ado, he grabbed his jacket and headed out right away. 
Shortly after, he arrived at the beach. Joan had changed into some casual clothing and left with Jake after informing the old couple. 
“Where to?” he asked in the car. 
That’s a good question that requires deep thinking. The world is so big, yet, there’s no place I can go. 
“I…” Before she could suggest anything, Jake drove off. 
He sped all the way, driving recklessly while Joan held on to her seatbelt. Squinting her eyes, she dared not look ahead. 
This man has gone mad! 
“Slow down, Jake!” she yelled at him. Ignoring her advice, he continued to accelerate. 
After some time, the car came to a stop. 
As soon as the car door was opened, Joan leaned over and vomited profusely. Jake stood by her side with his eyes fixated on her, a little worried.
“You’re so frail and feeble, why do you still do the odd jobs for the old couple?” Walking closer to her, he carefully hid his concerns by suppressing his true feelings. 
Does that have anything to do with him? She glared at him and ignored his comments. Moments later, she recovered and could stand on her own feet. Looking ahead, she realized that there was a luxurious European-style villa right below her nose, sitting in a beautiful and serene environment. 
Where is this place? Intrigued, she scanned her surroundings. 
“Come over here!” Jake invited her from a short distance away. 
She was startled for a second, then followed suit. 
“So? Do you like it?” 
She was confused. Why is he asking me this question? What’s this all about? 
“Not bad,” she simply replied. 
Even though it was not a pertinent answer, her simple words were sufficient to make Jake grin from ear to ear. He pulled her inside. “Let’s go in and have a look!” 
She was entirely stunned the moment she entered. This villa is humongous! There’s a large lawn, a swimming pool, and even a golf course… While marveling at all the facilities in perplexity, she wondered why Jake brought her there.
###Chapter 2811
Chapter 2811 
At The Villa 
“This is my gift to you. What do you think?” Jake masked his serious intent with a playful look on his face. 
“Ahem…” Joan coughed. 
“Are you kidding me, Jake?” 
“No, I’m not. I’m serious.” At that moment, he looked extremely solemn, unlike his cold and dominating self. 
Why does he appear to be so gentle all of a sudden? Joan avoided eye contact with him. She shook her head several times, trying to think straight. 
“I don’t need it,” she declined. 
Jake was enraged. This woman has some guts! 
Judging from his facial expression, Joan knew that he was upset. 
It’s said that women are fickle-minded, but in this case, it appears that some men are more capricious than women! Joan was frustrated that she had to deal with a volatile Jake! 
“Err… I mean, I don’t need a villa. You can keep it…” Her clarification failed to convince him. 
“I just want to gift it to you, whether you need it or not. You can only accept it,” he fired back.
Faced with a man who was emanating a bitingly cold aura, Joan grew nervous. She quickly turned around and scurried to the golf course nearby. 
I can’t afford to offend him. It’s best I evade him. She turned to check if he was chasing after her. Phew, he’s not tailing me. 
Bark! Bark! A dog appeared out of nowhere. 
“Ahh!” Joan ran toward Jake with a conflicting expression. In a shaky voice, she cried out, “There’s a dog.” 
“You’re scared of dogs?” he wrapped his arm around her waist and asked fondly. 
“Yes, of course!” 
By the time Joan recollected herself and exchanged looks with Jake, she realized that their bodies were seamlessly glued to each other. Without hesitating, she pushed him away, trying to keep a distance from him. 
Unfortunately, that unintentional intimate moment was already photographed by someone. 
“Get out of my sight!” Jake shouted at the dog. Barking twice, the dog wagged its tail and left sadly. 
“Thank you,” Joan plastered a smile on her face. 
“If you don’t like it, I can give the dog away,” Jake proposed. 
She was never a big fan of dogs. However, she also did not like the idea of giving the dog away because she absolutely would not accept the villa as a present. 
“It’s okay. I was just startled by it,” Joan scratched the back of her head as she answered abashedly.
Why is she being strangely distant? Jake was rather annoyed. 
“All right, it’s getting late, I’d better get going.” She turned to leave just as she spoke. 
Is she avoiding me? Is she thinking about Larry? As Jake stared at the woman before him, an iniquitous thought crossed his mind while exuding a murderous aura. 
“Don’t forget that Jessica is still looking for you by the seaside,” he snapped at her. 
Joan stopped in her tracks and regretted acting in a rash. I shouldn’t have come out with Jake; I shouldn’t have promised him to cut off ties with Larry. 
No way, this won’t do. If I continued listening to him and stopped contacting Larry, I’m no different than a marionette, fully controlled by him. Taking a few steps backward, Joan’s head was spinning, trying to come up with a solution. 
“What are you thinking?” Moaning, he hugged her from behind and buried his head in her neck. 
“Let me go!” Joan struggled with all her might. 
He stood his ground and refused to release her. In fact, his desire to win her over grew even stronger. All of these scenes were captured in the form of photos and would eventually be shown to Larry. 
“Would you stay with me, Joan? We can live in this villa and build a happily-ever-after that we deserve.” Although he said it sincerely, it sounded terrifying to Joan. The person that he loves is Faye.
###Chapter 2812
Chapter 2812 
Joan tried to endure it all for Faye’s sake. 
Smack! She could no longer tolerate his inappropriate actions and landed a tight slap on his face. His cheek turned red in an instant. 
“You’re such a scumbag, Jake! How could you do this to Faye?” Joan rebuked him with resentment. 
Why does such a jerk exist in this world? It’s not been long since Faye’s death and he’s already moving on to the next target. They’re so crazy in love. 
She shot him a death stare. 
“No!” Jake retorted loudly. 
“I’ve always loved you! My love for you has never changed one bit. The episode with Faye was just a side-track. Nonetheless, you could only see Larry in your eyes and ignored my existence. You even chased me away when all I wanted was to stay with you. Faye was just one of the useful chess pieces.” 
Finally, Jake confessed it all. At one point, he had the impression that the person he loved the most was Faye. Hence, he wanted to take revenge on Joan after Faye’s passing. However, his heart ached so badly when he saw Joan injured and crying. 
Love is a wonderful thing that comes and goes without us knowing. 
Upon hearing what he said, Joan shook her head in disbelief, refusing to accept the ugly truth. He must have been mistaken; the person he loved should have been Faye!
Joan attempted to convince herself, but she was no longer able to accept any other men into her heart. 
“Listen to me, Jake, I’ll pretend that I heard nothing, okay? Faye was your most loved woman, your one and only,” she regurgitated as she grabbed onto his arm. 
Without realizing, Jake accidentally flung her against the wall. 
She tried to get up slowly. 
“Joan, you heard it correctly. Those were exactly my thoughts and feelings,” he said under his breath, sniffling. 
Sadness flashed across Joan’s eyes. There’re many strange occurrences in the world, why do I have to encounter one? While having a conniption, she swore not to accept Jake’s love at all costs. 
Taking one last glance at the man, she turned to leave. 
“Don’t go, I beg you to please be my girlfriend.” Jake’s gentle tone contrasted with his vice-like grip on her wrist. However, love was not always reciprocated. For some unfortunates, they had to deal with unrequited love that had turned into something bitter and mean. 
Without any reservation, she pried his arm away and walked off. 
“Do you want to see Ms. Young and Lucius getting involved in a car accident?” 
His callous words sounded so eerie that they made Joan fret with trepidation. 
His obstinate determination to get what he wants is atrocious! 
No, I can’t keep going on like this, being manipulated and controlled by him. I don’t want to be his puppet!
She clenched her hands tightly as she made a resolute decision to contact Larry. 
After putting up a night at the villa, Jake sent her home. 
Dead air filled the car throughout the journey. Joan had her face turned sideways, looking out of the window indifferently. Jake observed her emotions carefully, but was unable to read her mind. 
It’s true when people say a woman’s heart is incomprehensible. Looking at the person sitting next to him, his mind was all over the place. 
The car soon pulled over by the quiet beach. 
Only the soothing sound of the waves crashing on the shore was heard, creating a tranquil ambiance. Jessica was long gone… 
Joan sighed at her forlorn attempt to escape. 
I shouldn’t have called this man. It would have been perfect if I had followed Jessica back to see Larry. 
“What’s the matter? Regretted your decision? Let me be honest with you, Jessica won’t be able to get to you even if you didn’t call me,” Jake said confidently while beating his chest.
###Chapter 2813
Chapter 2813 
She trusted his words. Where could Jessica be under his watchful eyes? I’m sure he has it all planned out. 
Bowing her head, Joan felt so helpless. She knew that Jake meant his words. Once he had made up his mind to do something, there was no stopping him. 
“Why did you come all the way to pick me up?” Joan asked softly. 
Isn’t she asking the obvious? She’s the answer to all of her questions. I came to see her and I wanted to give the villa to her as a present. 
“Don’t you ever ask me such a silly question.” With that, he pushed her forward. 
She pulled herself together and knocked at the door. Swiftly, someone answered. 
“Oh dear, where have you been, Joan? We’re so worried about you!” The old woman hurriedly welcomed her in. 
“I’m sorry, Ma’am, for making you both fret. I went away for a short trip. I’m okay,” Joan reassured them with a wry smile. 
It was quite a trip, indeed. Joan wrestled with her own crushing emotions. 
The old man seemed to be able to see through her. He approached her with a glass of water and said amiably, “Drink some water, don’t be so worked up.” 
Faced with his genuine concern, Joan became more flustered. All of her reactions were captured by the old man.
This girl probably doesn’t want to tell us what happened. He sighed, feeling slightly upset. 
Then again, she’s not my daughter, what position do I have to probe into her private life? He appeared troubled. 
“Don’t overthink things. I’m fine, so please don’t worry about me. See?” Joan made a few turns to prove that she did not get into any accidents. 
They all smiled at one another and dropped the topic. 
Joan felt blessed. Even though she had some very challenging moments in life and was harmed by others, she was thankful that there were still people who truly cared for her and willingly took good care of her. 
“Joan, it appears that someone is looking for you recently,” the old woman informed her. 
Was it Jessica? She rubbed her hands vigorously. Unfortunately, she had no way to update Jessica about her status and followed her home. 
The old woman caught her conflicting expression and patted her shoulder. With a benign face, she reminded her, “Feel free to ask for help if you ever need anything.” 
A fuzzy feeling rose within her. There’re good people in this world. 
She was fighting back tears as she straightened her clothes. Joan was a sensitive and emotional person. Jake knew this quality of hers very well and used it to his advantage by threatening her with the safety of Delilah and Lucius. Joan had no choice but to endure in silence. 
The trio chatted briefly before Joan returned to her room. Laying on her bed in a pitch dark room, she could not fall asleep.
How are you, Larry? How can I contact you? Burdened with a ton of problems, she tossed and turned, trying to get some shut-eye. 
At the Norton Corporation, Larry kept on working as if he was made of steel whereas Caspian appeared languid and haggard, yawning on the sofa. 
“Let’s go home, Larry,” Caspian urged softly. In the pursuit of locating Joan, two consecutive days had passed since he last had any sleep. He could barely hold on. 
“You go ahead and get some rest.” Without even looking up, Larry waved his hand and gestured him to leave. Caspian would never leave Larry alone. Zipping his mouth, he slumped on the sofa and waited patiently for him to complete all pending work.
###Chapter 2814
Chapter 2814 
After what seemed like forever, Caspian finally collapsed on the sofa while Larry continued working. 
Without any conscious reasoning, Larry firmly believed that Joan would return. He had a very strong gut feeling about it. 
Perhaps, it was their couple’s telepathy as a result of being together for a very long time. 
From dusk till dawn, Larry did not shut his eyes at all. 
“Ahh!” The man woke up from the sofa with a loud yelp in an attempt to sober up. 
He scanned the room, only to realize that he did not go home last night. 
Damn it, Jessica is going to be so cross! Caspian rose to his feet and fixed his dressing, attempting to freshen up. 
Thud! The door was flung open. 
Speaking of the devil… With bated breath, Caspian stood aside and avoided eye contact with her. He was afraid of landing himself in hot soup. 
“What are you doing here?” Larry threw her a straightforward question. 
“I’ve been helping you to search for Joan. Could you return the favor and treat Caspian better?” Jessica complained. 
What’s this all about? Have I not been nice to Caspian? Larry got up and walked toward Jessica with a smirk. “I didn’t request him to stay and keep me company.”
Although he was wearing a smile on his face, he was anxious to find out about Joan deep down. “Have you found Joan? How is she now?” 
There was a glimmer of gloom in Jessica’s eyes as she shook her head. Although there were clues of Joan’s whereabouts, she failed to find her when she rushed over. 
Larry felt extremely dejected. 
Seeing so, Caspian held Jessica’s hand and led her out of the office. 
“What are you doing? Let go of me!” she struggled to free herself. 
“I’m warning you not to upset Larry any further. It took him a while to channel his focus back on his work, so we should not stir up his emotions again,” Caspian advised. 
Joan had been waiting for Jessica to return to the beach, but she did not show up, as if she had disappeared into thin air. That made Joan fret. 
As time went by, she continued to live in fear under Jake’s close watch. 
Knock! Knock! Knock! 
The knocking on the door made Joan jump out of her skin. 
“Joan, would you like some fruits?” the old woman asked. 
She heaved a sigh of relief when she realized it was not Jake standing at her door. “No, thanks Ma’am. I’m really tired, so I’m heading to bed.” 
She had an awful nightmare where Jake was torturing her relentlessly. Massaging her temples, she tried to relax.
A crescent moon was hanging in the clear, dark sky with no stars. What a depressing sight. Joan sighed and curled up in a fetal position. 
She woke up extremely early the next morning and went fishing with the old man. 
Her life by the beach was a mundane one, with each day repeating the same routine. Yet, she did not regard it as boring but enjoyed every moment of it. 
“Are you waiting for someone, Joan?” the old man asked her suddenly. He was very careful with his words. 
Joan froze for a second but immediately resumed her calm. Nodding, she faked a smile. 
“Why don’t you tell me who are you waiting for? I can contact the person to come and pick you up,” the old man suggested. Though he had no idea about the person Joan had been longing to see, he could tell that she was very eager to reunite with that individual. 
The suggestion sounded very tempting. However, Joan’s hands were tied in order to keep the old couple safe and sound. She was aware that all of them were constantly under the surveillance of Jake and his men. She could not bring herself to put the lives of the two kind souls at stake.
###Chapter 2815
Chapter 2815 
“It’s okay, he’ll find me eventually,” Joan replied with a smile. Moments later, she lowered her face, feeling downcast. 
Larry, when will you ever find me? 
In a short distance away, Jake was in his car calmly observing everything that was happening by the seaside. 
“Mr. Wilson, we can actually lock Joan up in the villa,” Ted proposed. 
“No need,” Jake cleared his throat and said in a sorrowful tone. 
He knew that Joan would resent such an act. Reflecting on his past, he had done many things which hurt Joan. Therefore, he made a decision to respect her this time. 
Ted could not understand why Jake had been so passive in this matter, but he was affirmative that Jake would never do something unreasonable or ridiculous. 
After spending some time at the beach, Jake drove back to his office. 
Meanwhile, at Norton Corporation, Jessica was sprawled on the sofa, snoring. 
Looking at her frustratingly, Larry shook his head and could feel his headache coming on. 
What’s up with this b***h for drinking so much last night? And Caspian has to fall sick at such a critical time! 
“Ugh…”
The woman on the sofa kicked her shoes off and stretched herself. 
“One more, quick! Bottoms up, man, stop being a wimp,” Jessica raised her right hand and asked for a toast in her sleep. 
Talking in her sleep again… Larry smoothed his shirt and left the office. 
He must have missed Joan so much that he drove to the beach subconsciously. Gazing at the vast sea before him, he took a deep breath as tears welled up in his eyes. 
This is the place where Joan went missing. 
Furrowing his brows, Larry clenched his fists, looking rather fierce. Fatigued by overworking recently, he lay on the sandy beach and closed his eyes, in an attempt to relax. 
There were a few seagulls chasing each other upon the shore. Their unison growls were surprisingly melodious. 
Larry had been resting for some time when someone blocked the sun shining down on him. 
“How long do you plan to stay here?” Della asked sweetly, holding an umbrella. 
What is she doing here? Ignoring her, Larry rolled over. 
Della could tell that he was still mad at her. He must have conjectured that I’m involved in Joan’s disappearance. Feeling aggrieved, Della stated, “Let’s go back, Larry. Stop looking for her, you’ll never be able to find her.” 
“What nonsense!” he roared at her and blew a fuse. Burying his head in his knees, he was desperate to filter out all the negativity from Della.
Joan’s not dead. I’m sure she’s still alive! 
“It’s been so long, Larry. Wake up, please! If she’s still around, why didn’t she look for you?” 
“Shut up!” he cut her off. She has the cheek to bring this up? If it weren’t for her, Joan wouldn’t have brought this predicament upon herself. If it weren’t for her doing, Joan’s whereabouts wouldn’t be a mystery. All of these are caused by her. 
“Get lost, I don’t want to see your face.” He waved his hand, requesting for her to leave. 
However, Della would never give up so easily, especially when there was a golden chance to be alone with Larry. It was a challenge to get rid of Joan, Della would not let anything deter her from sticking with Larry. 
“No, Larry, I want to keep you company!” she declared loudly. 
Your presence is not appreciated! Larry propped himself up and stood in front of her, vexed, “Get the hell out of my sight as far as possible! Della, I tolerated you out of respect for your father. However, from today onwards, I won’t budge an inch!” 
So, he was being a gentleman all along because of my father. Della sneered with her eyes filled with contempt.
###Chapter 2816
Chapter 2816 
“Larry!” 
Suddenly, Caspian dashed toward him like a cat on hot bricks, but was slightly relieved as soon as he saw Larry. He huffed and said, “You scared the living daylights out of me! I thought you’re having suicidal thoughts!” 
What? Committing suicide? Me? Larry was irritated. 
“No, Larry, listen to my explanation. Jessica told me that you went to the beach and insisted that you wanted to follow Joan’s footsteps.” 
Wait a minute, this doesn’t sound right. How did Jessica know that I went to the beach when she was actually still asleep the moment I left the office? 
Raising a curious brow, Larry sized him up. 
Ring! Ring! Ring! 
Caspian immediately answered his phone. 
“Um… Caspian, I didn’t get to finish what I wanted to say. Actually, it was a dream. I dreamt about Larry going to the beach…” Jessica came clean with him over the phone. 
Caspian lowered his head in embarrassment. Jessica is such an unreliable brat! He sighed while scratching the back of his head. He responded abashedly, “I’m sorry, Larry, I was mistaken.” 
Keeping silent, Larry blinked blankly at him and then walked toward his car. Caspian quickened his steps and followed Larry closely, ditching Della at the shore.
Seeing the two men leaving her behind, Della’s heart sank. 
“Ma’am, you should take a rest and let me do it,” Joan said loudly from a short distance away. 
That familiar voice frightened Della out of her wits. She hurriedly follow the direction of the voice and it led her to a familiar face. 
Joan is alive! Instantly, Della’s body stiffened like a corpse. 
No, I can’t let Larry know about this! She clutched the hem of her blouse tightly, trying to calm herself down. 
Joan seemed so delighted while working with an old man nearby. Della whipped around and left the beach. 
Smack! 
Della threw a punch at the steering wheel. Her eyes gleamed with strong murderous intent. I can’t believe that the b***h is still alive and kicking. I must do something about it… 
As long as she lives, Larry will never take his eyes off her. I can’t allow her to show up in front of him again. 
“Ms. Duff, this concerns a human life. I can’t do this,” in a still small voice, a man refused to be in cahoots with her over the phone. 
It then dawned on Della that the man rejected to accept the job because he was not agreeable to the price offered. “Ten million. Yes or no?” she made a counter propose. 
The man paused for a moment and cleared his throat. “Deal.”
After hanging up, Della forwarded Joan’s information to that man. 
Joan probably did not expect that she would once again encounter another predicament. 
Thud! When the door was flung open, a savage-looking man walked into the living room and shouted, “Come out, Joan Watts!” 
“Who are you? What do you guys want?” the old woman asked in a trembling voice. 
Bang! With a forceful shove, the buffed man sent the old woman sprawling on the floor in agony. 
Right then, Joan was sleeping in her room, completely ignorant of what had just happened. Moments later, a few men barged into her bedroom. 
Rubbing her bleary eyes, the fatigued Joan was half awake. 
“I’m not hungry, Ma’am, you go ahead and have your breakfast without me,” she rolled over and said in a feeble voice. 
The man strode across the room, picked the woman up from the bed, and tossed her into the living room.
###Chapter 2817
Chapter 2817 
“Who are you?” 
Finally, Joan became sober. Horror-stricken, she wrapped her arms across her chest. What’s going on? What do they plan to do? Are they Jake’s men? No, Jake’s henchmen won’t be so rough to me. 
Hold on, does it mean that there’s someone else besides Jake, who knows where I’m hiding? Having her guards up, Joan tried to connect the dots and form a big picture. 
“It doesn’t matter who we are. All you need to know is that somebody wants you dead,” one of the men warned. 
His words sent a cold chill down the old woman’s spine. 
Joan stared at the gang in confusion. In this world, only Della wants me dead. Besides her, I can’t think of a second person who hates me that much. Then again, how did Della discover my whereabouts? 
“Move!” pointing at Joan, the man ordered fiercely. 
“No way!” the old woman blocked in front of Joan to protect her, fearful of what awaited her next. 
“Ma’am, this is my personal problem. Let me resolve it on my own, okay?” Joan said promptly, patting her on the shoulder. She was resolute not to drag the innocent old couple into the mess that she was in. They had been too kind to her to be harmed unfairly. 
The old woman stared at her and shook her head, hoping that she would not react rashly. 
Joan believed that all the good and bad experiences that she had were already predestined. If God doesn’t want me to live for one more day, I’ll never be able to overcome the misfortune one after
another even if I could escape to the ends of the world. My days are numbered; it’s fated. 
“Don’t go with them, Joan,” the old woman said, weeping. 
Meanwhile in the office, Jake was staring blankly at Joan’s photo on his phone screen. 
“Mr. Wilson,” Ted alerted him, “Ms. Watts is in trouble.” 
He stood up right away and zoomed out of his office like a flash. Damn it, which bastard dares to lay a finger on my woman? He’s courting death! 
When he arrived at the beach, Joan had already disappeared. 
“Where’s she?” Jake questioned the old couple. 
“They took Joan away and even taunted to kill her,” the old woman sobbed as she updated Jake. 
They wanted to kill her? Jake was stunned. The next second, he recollected himself and whipped his phone out to call Della. 
“I’m giving you a final warning, Della, you’d better not harm Joan, or else I’ll expose your dirty deeds to Larry!” he threatened. 
At this juncture, Della no longer cared about her reputation. With a crooked mindset, she was looking forward to seeing how the drama unfolded itself. “What’s up, Jake? Do you actually love Joan? Why do I have the impression that you’ve always hated her? Was I mistaken?” she replied calmly. 
“She’s mine, I won’t let you touch her!” 
Jake finally broke down after going through an emotional upheaval. A million thoughts crossed his mind. He was so heartbroken when he thought about how Della’s gang might be torturing Joan
relentlessly. 
Joan’s his woman? He must be joking! For all I know, Joan has never liked him and it’s always been a one-sided love. 
Moreover, that b***h has her eyes fixated on Larry, it’s highly unlikely she’d welcome another man into her heart. 
“Don’t be silly, she’s never liked you. Even if you lock her up, you’ll never have her heart. So, you should stop wasting time on her.” 
Although she did not explicitly admit to kidnapping Joan, the tone of her speech gave her away. 
Why is she so thick-skulled? Jake gritted his teeth as rage welled up within him. 
Smash! 
Joan was thrown into a corner of a dark room, disheveled and horrified. Trembling, she curled into a fetal position and kept rubbing her palms together to get some warmth.
###Chapter 2818
Chapter 2818 
Where are you, Larry? I miss you so much! 
After a long time, Joan finally shut her eyes and fainted. 
“Let her go, Della!” 
At the restaurant, Jake stared daggers at the woman. 
What if I choose not to let her go? What’s he going to do? Della scoffed while turning to look out the window. Rage filled her eyes as she dug her fingers into her palm. Why does everyone like that woman? Is she any better than me? 
“I don’t know where she is,” she lied. 
What a crappy answer! The whole world knew that Della’s the prime suspect who has a perfect motive to kidnap Joan. She’s a devil in disguise who wants to take Joan’s life. How brutal can this woman be? 
“Della, your family is positioned at the top of the food chain, enjoying an unshakable status in the business world. I hope that you won’t succumb to your own selfish desires and ruin your life, including your father’s reputation.” 
His remarks snagged Della’s attention, but she was not prepared to back down so easily. She was resolute to deny everything, hoping for things to be swept under the carpet. Squinting her eyes, she continued spinning a story, “Jake, I really don’t know where’s Joan. In fact, I just found out not too long ago that she’s still alive. If you wish to locate her soon, you shouldn’t be here interrogating me.” 
She spoke so eloquently that Jake almost believed her.
However, as experienced corporate leaders, both of them could more or less tell when the other person was talking them for a ride. Jake would never believe a single word Della said. 
She’s such a vicious b***h! Jake felt so helpless for he did not possess any evidence to support his allegation that Della had kidnapped Joan. 
“Sorry, I have other things to attend to. I need to get going,” Della announced while grabbing her handbag before exiting the restaurant. 
Jake sat there, feeling desolate. What should I do in order to find you, Joan? Lost, he crouched and held his head in his hands. 
Should I tell Larry about this? 
Suddenly, the thought crossed his mind. He narrowed his eyes as though he was deep in thought. No, I can’t let Larry know about this. If he gets to Joan first, she will definitely run away with him. 
Right then, Joan was hiding in a corner and sobbing silently. Outside the door, several men were discussing how to take her life. 
“Boss, I think that we should request for half the remuneration before taking any action on that woman. Just in case the sponsor goes back on her words, we’re screwed,” one of the lackeys reminded. 
The boss nodded in agreement. Subsequently, he made a call. “Give me five million first and I’ll do something.” 
“I repeat, I’ll give you ten million when you get the job done,” a female voice rebutted over the phone. 
“Give me five million now and the balance later. Otherwise, you can forget about it,” the man drove a hard bargain and hung up.
Meanwhile, Joan could hear the conversation between them from the room. 
Exchanging her life for ten million? The mastermind behind this is rather generous. It must be someone who has very deep pockets. Della? 
Clink-clank! Joan accidentally knocked over a glass on the table. Consequently, a few men rushed in and turned on the lights. 
“You’d better behave yourself, or else you’ll become a piece of dead meat in no time!” the leading henchman barked. 
If they’re going to kill me anyway, what difference does it make to die sooner or later? Joan finally mustered up the courage to glare at them. 
What’s there to fear when my time is almost up? The only regret she had was not being able to bid farewell to her loved ones and friends whom she missed so much, especially Larry. Mulling over the fact that her time with Larry was so short, she wept.
###Chapter 2819
Chapter 2819 
Perhaps it was the first time he had seen a woman cry; the leading henchman felt so irritated and signaled for his men to leave the room. 
Overwhelmed by the emotional turmoil she was going through, Joan started sobbing louder and louder. In the end, she broke down hysterically. 
“Larry!” she called out his name as she cried, resulting in her voice becoming hoarse. 
All the thugs felt bad after hearing her inconsolable cries. 
“Boss, shall we…” one man in their midst faltered. 
“No, we need the ten million!” their leader interrupted him, though he was also in a quandary. Had it not been for my chronically ill mother, I would never engage myself in this illegal act to earn money for her surgery. 
He had never thought about killing people, especially women. He had no other options. 
“That’s enough. Watch her while I go and collect the money.” The leader left. 
Since five million was not a small amount, Della decided to do the handover personally. What she did not know was that someone was tracking her down. 
She drove to an abandoned gas station. After scanning her surroundings thoroughly, she got out of the car with a briefcase. 
“Mr. Wilson, Ms. Duff has just arrived at an abandoned gas station with a briefcase. I suspect she’s about to have a deal.” A man covered his mouth and whispered in a dark corner not too far away.
Hanging up the phone, Jake grabbed his jacket and headed out. 
At the gas station, Della checked her watch and waited. After some time, she entered a wooden house nearby. 
“You’re here?” the leading thug asked in a low voice while enjoying a puff. 
“As requested, here’s your five million.” Della handed the briefcase over to the man. 
What a wealthy fellow, bringing over five million just like that! He opened the briefcase slowly and then counted the cash. No more and no less, exactly five million. 
The amount was extremely insignificant to Della. As a matter of fact, she considered it a bargain to get rid of Joan with that figure. 
“Remember, you only have one job. Do it well.” Her tone was decisive with no room for negotiation. 
“Miss, do you want her dead or to never show up in front of you?” the leading henchman asked deliberately. If she chose the latter, it’s not necessary for me to kill her. 
“To be out of my sight forever,” Della confirmed. 
The man was relieved to hear that. Great, I just need to ensure that Joan won’t appear in front of her again. 
Outside the door, Jake got hold of a man’s arm and demanded, “Where’s she?” 
“Inside that wooden house.” That man pointed at a small house nearby. 
You’ve left a trail, Della. Sticking his face against the wall, Jake cautiously examined the situation inside the house.
“Are we going in now, Mr. Wilson?” 
“No. When they come out, you should follow the lackey. Be mindful not to expose yourself,” Jake illustrated his plan. 
Today, I must go all out to rescue Joan. 
He never analyzed his conjectures further, if it was truly Della who kidnapped Joan. There was no time for him to think. He rather made a mistake than pass up any chance to save Joan. 
Much later, Della walked out from the wooden house, looking nervous. Following behind her was a man with a briefcase. His hawk-eye kept scrutinizing the place to make sure there was no hiccup. 
Without a second thought, Jake and his men split up to execute their plan. 
He was responsible for tailing Della whereas his men were tasked to rescue Joan. Since Della was a conniving figure, he was afraid that there would be unnecessary problems if others dealt with her.
###Chapter 2820
Chapter 2820 
Some time passed before Della finally pulled over. She got off, then stormed over to Jake’s car that stopped right behind hers. She wasn’t sure as to when Jake began tailing her. However, one thing was clear; Jake had never trusted her from the very beginning. 
“Are you done with your childish stalking?” Della barked whilst throwing her fist onto his car window. 
Never. I’ll never stop. Jake mentally swore that he would never spare this woman. He would continue to track her every move with eagle eyes until Joan was found. 
“What’s wrong? Feeling guilty about your crimes?” Jake provoked whilst casually hooking a finger under his chin. 
What a joke! Della’s face scrunched into a hideous frown upon hearing his remarks. 
She admitted inwardly, Fine! I kidnapped Joan. And I was the one who wanted Joan dead once and for all. So what if that’s all true? That b*tch will get what’s coming to her soon. I have no reason to be scared. Plus, it’s not like anyone knows or can prove that I orchestrated all of this. 
She jutted her jaw in contempt towards Jake. 
“I don’t know where Joan is, so I suggest you quit wasting your time on stalking me, Jake.” She then straightened up to leave. 
Is that so? Someone sounds sure of themselves… Mischief flashed in Jake’s sinister eyes. 
“Must be fun using your wealth to manipulate other’s lives, huh?” Jake’s words shot like a whip. At that, Della whirled around and glared at him. Her body stiffened as if it had been caught red-handed. Did he find out about something?
Wait… Did he follow me to the abandoned gas station? Crap. She dashed to unlock Jake’s car before shoving her head in. 
“What the hell do you want, Jake?” she snarled anxiously. 
“Oh, what can an insignificant company’s president like me do? My abilities can’t compare to you, Ms. Duff. All I want is to be with the woman I love,” he boldly provoked whilst staring her down. 
What’s so good about Joan? 
Hatred darkened Della’s pupils as she gripped tightly onto Jake’s steering wheel. 
This reaction was exactly what the man expected of her. He remained unflinching as he declared, “I’ll pretend as if all of this never happened on the condition that you quit going after Joan.” 
His words offered Della not only a chance to confess to her crimes but also an opportunity to redeem herself. Although, Jake didn’t care much for her response. He would devotedly find other methods to save the woman he loved, regardless of whether Della agreed to stop her attacks on Joan. 
Seeing the determined look in the man’s eyes, Della felt a hesitant chill run down her spine. 
He’s definitely caught on. She balled her fists and bit down on her lips so hard that she could taste iron- like blood seeping onto her tongue. 
“Stop with your antics, Della. You’re a good person and an excellent businesswoman; there are many other ways you can add to your existing strengths. So you don’t have to waste any more time and effort on meaningless things like forcing an unrequited love,” Jake advised in a low voice. 
He believed Della wasn’t a bad person — she was only doing such horrible things because she was blinded by love. She had lost her sense of self. Her love for Larry was sincere. However, she hadn’t
quite understood the true meaning of love. 
This was essentially the same as Jake’s feelings for Joan. The two desperately wanted to be with the people they loved, but the methods they used were slightly different. Della had evidently lost all sanity. She convinced herself that Joan had to die; she refused to accept a world where Joan could fall into Larry’s arms as she pleases, as well as a world where Larry only had eyes for Joan. 
Perhaps the only person who had fully embraced the true meaning of love was Dustin. 
He had given up on pursuing Joan’s love and chose to protect her from the sidelines instead. 
“Speak for yourself. Aren’t you doing the same? Not only do you want to claim her body, but you’re also after her full devotion!” Della snorted with disdain. 
I mean… She’s not wrong. I am selfish for forcing Joan to be with me without considering her feelings. However, that’s because I can’t wait any longer!
###Chapter 2821
Chapter 2821 
The two had known each other for a while now, and his heart had once harbored love as well as hate for Joan at different times in his life. Yet ultimately, his heart only ever yearned for her. 
“You’re right, but I would never resort to harming others as you’re doing now. I would take down Larry by dealing a proper blow to his career instead of taking cheap shots and hiring people to get rid of him.” Jake’s words were resolute. 
Della believed him. 
After all, men and women were inherently different in this aspect; men openly fought for what their hearts desired, whilst women used nasty tricks like framing and slandering others to get what they wanted. 
“I’ll pretend none of this happened. The huge sum you paid that man? Let it be a lesson to you. But remember, Della, this can never happen again. I’ll spare you for now because you helped me back then. However, if you pull another stunt like this, don’t blame me for taking extreme measures against you.” Jake’s features hardened into a serious, threatening stare as he uttered those words. 
Della looked outside the window, unwilling to meet his gaze. Anger and dissatisfaction fumed inside her chest. She couldn’t help but gnaw on her fingernails as she questioned inwardly, Why does everyone rush to that b*tch’s rescue? 
Ring! Ring! 
Jake immediately answered his phone. 
“Mr. Wilson, we’ve rescued Ms. Watts.”
At that, Jake dropped everything he was doing with Della and drove away. It wasn’t long before he rapidly arrived at his destination and was approaching a frazzled-looking Joan. The doctor stated that while she hadn’t suffered from any injuries, her emotions appeared to be slightly unstable. 
“Joan? It’s me, Jake.” His gentle tone contrasted with his tight grip on her shoulders. It revealed how anguishedly he wanted for her to be okay. 
In response, Joan flung his hand off of her shoulders. Panic flitted across her eyes as she pointed at Jake and screamed hysterically, “You’re a bad person! You’re all bad people!” 
Pain and fear had consumed the woman’s mind, rendering her a little insane. 
A bitter ache spread across Jake’s chest as he watched the woman he loved tremble so miserably. He then snapped coldly, “Doctor. What exactly is wrong with her?” 
The doctor yelped in fear of Jake’s threatening aura and quickly lowered his head, avoiding eye contact whilst explaining, “Her emotions aren’t stable because she’s experienced a psychological shock. It seems to me that this isn’t her first time in such shock. If my guess is correct, I suggest you take good care of her until she recovers.” 
The doctor then began packing away his medical equipment to depart Jake’s villa. 
Jake fell into a sudden daze. He never expected that Joan would go insane as a result of the kidnapping. The woman now crouched on the bed as her arms circled her knees, pulling her head into a fetal position. Her shoulders trembled ever-so-sightly, revealing how terrified and insecure she felt about her situation. 
Seeing this, Jake punched his cheek. It’s all my fault. I brought this misery upon Joan. I failed to protect her…
“Don’t startle her any further. There’s still a possibility that she can recover to the way she was before,” the doctor offered his final advice before exiting. 
Meanwhile, Joan was rocking herself manically. “B-bad…. bad guys…” 
“Joan… I’m not the bad guy here. I’m Jake, remember me?” 
Jake wrapped his arms around her, pulling her into a tight embrace for fear that she had really forgotten who he was. 
Joan reacted unwillingly to this. She thrashed and kicked in his arms as if she was trying to escape from him, the bad guy. 
Seeing how much she resisted, the man eventually loosened his arms. Forget it. I’ll take things slow and reintroduce myself gradually. Perhaps this is for the best; at least now she’s not constantly thinking about that scumbag, Larry. Jake recomposed himself before heading off to make a call. 
Within minutes, the villa was flooded with housemaids. 
Standing before this crowd, Jake put on a solemn expression as he gave out instructions the housemaids were all expected to follow. “You are responsible for looking after the lady of this house as well as tending to the general needs of this villa.” 
There was no doubt about it; this was the villa that Jake originally intended to gift Joan. Now, it was finally being used for that exact purpose, albeit slightly different from the plan he envisioned since Joan was currently in shock. 
Regardless, the two of them began living together in that very villa. 
Two months passed in the blink of an eye.
Larry kept his head buried in Norton Corporation’s work all this while. However, Joan’s delicate face would pop up in his mind from time to time. His right eyelid had been twitching for quite some days. It affected him so much that he hadn’t been getting proper sleep. For some unknown reason, he kept feeling a sense of dread in his chest. Yet, nothing bad had happened around him so far.
###Chapter 2822
Chapter 2822 
Tossing his pen aside, he sprawled out on the sofa, massaging his temples in an attempt to keep himself awake. 
“Larry!” Jessica barged into his office with a lunch bag looped in her hand. 
She knew the man had been carelessly missing his meals ever since Joan disappeared, so she took it upon herself to frequently prepare lunchboxes for him. 
“Why are you here?” Larry asked impatiently. 
Tsk. Get a load of that rude tone! Am I not welcomed here? Jessica side-eyed him before placing the lunch bag onto his desk. She then feigned an obedient smile as she rushed over to his side. 
“You should have something to eat, Larry.” Her eyes twinkled expectantly. 
Huh? Why is she suddenly behaving so… pleasantly? Is there something she wants from me? Larry’s eyes widened at this realization. He immediately turned his head the other way, refusing to look at her puppy dog eyes. 
“Larry, I forgot my wallet when I left my house earlier… I really wanted to wear that dress from the mall to the banquet…” Jessica murmured. Despite her sad tone, her eyes seemed rounder and sparkled even more. 
I knew she was up to no good! There’s no way her temperament would suddenly turn so docile. Larry paced over to his wallet and pulled out a card before tossing it over to her. 
Whatever. I’ll think of this as repayment for taking care of me these past days.
“Woah, thanks so much Larry!” Jessica exclaimed as she gratefully embraced the man. 
Larry cringed before shrugging her off. “Alright, that’s enough. It’s not wise for anyone to see us in such an inappropriate position. I have a girlfriend, you know!” 
As the words left his mouth, Jessica’s shoulders fell. 
It’s been so long, and we still haven’t found Joan… What if she’s already dead? Jessica stared out the window as sorrow crept onto her face. 
“Do you think Joan’s still alive?” she blurted out. 
She knew better than to bring up Joan in front of Larry. However, she couldn’t stifle the growing worry inside her chest anymore. Because sometimes she, too, felt lost in despair. There was not a trace of Joan, despite how long they had searched for her. At times, Jessica wanted to give up and forget about it all. 
“I know she is,” Larry’s firm voice boomed. 
But how can he be so sure? Or is he just stubbornly lying to himself? Jessica couldn’t help but lower her head guiltily at the determined man standing before her. 
She had promised Larry that she would find Joan. However, Norton Corporation had already advanced into a higher phase of expansion as of today. Yet, she was still clueless about the missing woman’s whereabouts. 
“Alright, let’s not be in tatters over this. I’ll be off now.” 
After saying this, Jessica bolted out the door with Larry’s card in hand.
Life was full of miracles; who could have known that Jessica would soon stumble upon the one thing that she desperately sought after? And that one thing had morphed into a whole new person. 
“Ms. Zimmer, glad to see you here after some time. What are you looking for today?” A staff hurriedly approached Jessica in the mall. 
Jessica’s eyes roamed across the store, taking in every fabric, color, and design. Her eyes soon narrowed as she pouted, “Do you not have any newer items?” 
“Ah, please follow me, Ms. Zimmer. Our latest items are over here,” the staff motioned in a polite bow. As Jessica casually strolled over, her feet screeched to a halt while her jaw dropped at the person standing in the distance. 
“Ms. Watts, what do you think of this?” 
“Hmm… Will Jake like this?” Joan’s eyes glimmered expectantly at the housemaid who suggested the clothing to her. 
“You look stunning in anything, Ms. Watts. I’m sure Mr. Wilson will adore you regardless,” the housemaid encouraged. There was nothing but the truth in the housemaid’s words as she had always noticed how Jake went to extreme lengths to spoil Joan. 
At this very moment, Jessica’s feet remained rooted to the ground. Although she felt a thrilling relief surge through her, she couldn’t quite move. Is… Is that really Joan? She’s alive! And now she’s back! 
Happiness blurred Jessica’s vision as big, plump teardrops rolled down her face. 
Seeing this, the staff panicked in fear of upsetting a powerful woman like Jessica. She frantically asked, “What’s wrong, Ms. Zimmer?”
“Okay, let’s get this then.” Joan proceeded to wave for the shop’s staff whilst saying, “Please wrap this up for me.”
###Chapter 2823
Chapter 2823 
Jessica slowly approached Joan. Her heart pounded as she waited for the latter’s embrace, but it never came. Little did she know, this version of Joan no longer recognized her. 
What… Why is she staring so blankly at me? Jessica’s brows tightened into a quizzical look at the woman in front of her. She could only manage a squeak, “Joan?” 
This must have been too soft because Joan didn’t acknowledge her. Instead, the woman headed off in the direction of the cash register. 
Jessica stood frozen as she watched the woman from a short distance. Am I mistaken? She shook her head, thinking that it had to be Joan. Then she immediately darted before Joan and pulled her into a tight embrace. 
“Joan!” A longing nostalgia was laced in Jessica’s tone. 
At this sudden hug, Joan’s mind blanked unnervingly. Who is she? How does she know my name? Joan gently pushed Jessica away, studying her warily. Discomfort soon flashed in the former’s eyes as she cut to the chase, “I’m afraid you’ve mistaken me for someone else. I don’t know you, miss.” 
Ever since Joan recovered from her psychological shock, her memories had been fully erased, much to Jake’s convenience and delight. He had hoped for such a thing to happen. 
Panic settled on Jessica’s scrunched-up forehead. This made her heart pound erratically as she stuttered, “Joan… Take a better look at my face. It’s me, Jessica!” What happened to her? How can she not recognize me? 
“I’m sorry, miss, but I really think you’ve got the wrong person.” The housemaid led Joan away as she said those words.
No! There’s no way I’m mistaken! I would recognize Joan anywhere. Even if all that’s left of her is her ashes, I’d still be able to tell her apart from anyone else! An idea suddenly flitted through Jessica’s mind. She ran towards the women and obstructed their path. Then she pleased as if her life depended on it, “Joan, I’m Jessica… Larry has been waiting for you this entire time since you went missing. Please, let’s get you back, okay?” 
Jessica had finally found Joan, so there was no way she would let the woman off so easily. She mentally swore that she would bring Joan to Larry and prove to everyone that Joan was still alive. 
Meanwhile, an inexplicable ache pulsed in Joan’s chest at the mention of Larry’s name. 
Who’s Larry? Why does it hurt so much to hear his name? Joan clutched tightly at her chest in an attempt to stifle the excruciating pain. 
“Are you alright, Ms. Watts? Come on. We should head home.” The housemaid hurriedly led Joan away before anything else happened. 
“No… Joan, you can’t leave!” 
Thud! 
Without a sliver of hesitation, the housemaid shoved Jessica against the wall as a final warning. 
A twinge of grief seeped onto Jessica’s face, and she stood helplessly in the corner, watching Joan walk further away. 
Did she lose her memories? Jessica’s fists coiled taut whilst her gaze darkened coldly. Without a moment to waste, she whipped out her phone and dialed a number. 
“Darling, cut it out. We haven’t found Joan despite how long we’ve been searching for her. So how is it possible for you to casually bump into her at the mall?” Caspian’s doubtful voice sounded from the
other end of the call. 
He would rather believe that Joan was dead. After all, much time has passed since her disappearance, so it just didn’t make sense to him that she would suddenly return after all this time. 
“I’m telling the truth, Caspian! I’m not fibbing. I swear I saw Joan earlier. Please, you need to send someone to go after her!” Jessica shrilled as she clambered up onto her feet. 
This silly girl… She probably missed Joan so much so that she hallucinated earlier. 
“That’s enough now. I have other things to deal with, so I’m going to hang up, alright?” With that, Caspian ended their call straight away. 
Ugh, that little… How can he not believe me? Anger bubbled vigorously in Jessica. Needing to let out some steam, she hurtled her phone onto the ground. 
Caspian… How can that jerk turn a blind eye to my crucial discovery! Jessica seethed with fury as she stomped her feet. Eventually, she acquired a new phone from a shop nearby. Her hands moved quickly to set up the phone before she dialed another number from her contacts list. 
“What? You saw Joan? Tell me when and where!” Larry’s voice jittered with excitement on the phone. 
Jessica initially planned to surprise Larry with this. However, she had no choice but to ask for Larry’s assistance since Caspian refused to cooperate earlier. She urged into the phone, “I saw Joan with my own eyes, Larry! She’s alive and well.”
###Chapter 2824
Chapter 2824 
Although Jessica’s newfound information sounded unreliable, Larry took his chances in hopes that it would lead them to Joan. He figured that he would at least give it one try regardless of what the outcome would be. 
“I’m tailing her now. I’ll text you my location in a bit,” Jessica informed before getting into her car and speeding after Joan. 
Ahead, Joan’s car drove continuously. Fortunately, it meant that no one inside had realized that they were being followed. 
“That woman. It seemed like she knows me,” Joan stated with a straight face. 
The housemaid noticed this as well but insisted that the woman must have mistaken Joan for someone else. 
Is that so? An unfathomable expression crossed Joan’s face. 
After a long while, the driver took a sudden turn in a different direction after realizing that a car had been tailing them for quite some time. 
“What’s happening here? Why aren’t we going home?” 
“We’re being followed, Ms. Watts,” the driver reported right away. 
Joan’s head whipped around and saw that they were indeed being followed. A grayish shade of grim shrouded over her face. Is it the woman from earlier? Her brows knitted.
Meanwhile, Jessica drove mercilessly as she trailed right behind Joan’s speeding car. The air was tense as neither of the two cars was ready to accept defeat. In the final moments, Joan’s driver floored the accelerator, and their car propelled further away. 
At this, Jessica helplessly watched as they escaped. Her cheeks warmed in anger whilst she held back a curse. This wasn’t the reunion she had in mind; she hadn’t properly reunited with and received a hug from Joan who she had so dearly missed. 
Larry arrived not long after. 
“Where is she?” he uttered in between heavy breaths. 
“They got away,” came Jessica’s glum response. 
All hope drained from Larry’s face at once. 
“Jessica, talk to me. Was it really Joan that you saw earlier?” He stared into Jessica’s eyes, seeking an honest and firm confirmation. 
“Yes, it must be! We were standing so close, Larry, but it seemed like she doesn’t recognize me at all,” Jessica quickly explained. 
Back at Jake’s villa, Joan heaved a sigh of relief after they successfully broke away from Jessica’s pursuit. She hopped off the car and brought all the shopping bags indoors. 
“Ms. Watts, let me.” One of the housemaids extended her hands to help. 
Inside, Jake lounged on the living room sofa. He was mindlessly flipping through a magazine whilst waiting for Joan’s return. He wasn’t aware that Jessica had approached Joan in the mall. Otherwise, he would have rushed over to prevent the truth from being revealed instead of relaxing at home.
Once Joan entered the living room, he shot onto his feet and dumped the magazine aside. He reached out, pulling her into a tight embrace as he planted a kiss on her forehead. 
Yet for some reason, Joan shifted uncomfortably in his hold. 
It was only later that he understood why; the housemaid, who had accompanied Joan to the mall, reported everything to Jake privately. 
I shouldn’t let her go out so often. Jake’s face was tight with dread as he stole a glance at Joan, who was on the sofa. I’m going to be in a pickle if Larry finds out that she’s still alive. 
He bit down the quivering panic inside him. Putting on a calm expression, he sauntered over to Joan and gently kissed her delicate cheeks. 
In Larry’s office, the men were growing tired of Jessica’s hysterics. Caspian thundered in annoyance, “Calm yourself, Jessica!” 
“I’m not making this up! Larry, I swear to you. I really did see Joan…” Jessica’s frail voice cracked as she clung to Larry’s arm. 
Caspian refused to believe what the woman had seen, which was perfectly understandable. He had lost all hope since Joan had been missing for more than two months now. 
Unlike Caspian’s broiling temper, Larry looked outside the window gloomily. He couldn’t care less if Jessica spoke the truth; what mattered most to him was the undeniable fact that they had failed to find Joan. 
At the men’s negative responses, Jessica fell limply onto the sofa. Her head then flung backward into a blank stare at the ceiling. Was I mistaken? Did I confuse someone else for Joan?
Caspian then walked up to Larry and uttered in a quiet voice, “Jessica’s been unwell these days. It seems like she’s also lost all sense of reason, so you really shouldn’t take her word for it, Larry.” 
Flashing an understanding look, Larry then glanced over at Jessica, who had dark bags under her eyes and a ghostly complexion. He suggested to her, “Maybe it’s best if you head home. Get some rest.”
###Chapter 2825
Chapter 2825 
At this, Jessica’s eyes clamped shut in an attempt to recompose herself. Ugh, forget it! No one will believe me. She bounced onto her feet and marched out of the office. 
Caspian’s heart chipped as he watched the woman he loved storm off. Although it pained him to be so unsupportive, he knew it was for the best; he didn’t want Jessica recklessly chasing after some hallucination. 
After exchanging some brief words, Caspian left the office and made haste to catch up with Jessica. 
Elsewhere, a different conversation occurred. Dustin had holed up in Abelyn’s villa ever since Joan went missing. He refused to step foot outside, and it broke Abelyn’s heart to see him turn his back to the world. 
“Cheer up, hmm?” Abelyn uttered cautiously as she patted his shoulder. 
It had been a long, long time since Joan went missing. Yet, Dustin still found himself unable to focus on tasks. He wasn’t sure when or how long it would take before he could finally move on from losing her. All he knew was that he had fallen into an abyss, and he wasn’t ready to leave just yet. 
“It’s none of your business!” Dustin thundered without a trace of warmth whilst flinging her hand off of him. 
Normally, Abelyn would have yelled at the man for his crappy behavior. But things were different now; Dustin could barely hold himself together after losing Joan, so Abelyn couldn’t bring herself to scold him. 
“Dustin, I’m begging you to snap out of it! Do you know how much I’ve sacrificed for you? I even broke up with that bartender!” Abelyn’s voice came out shaky.
She had been taking care of Dustin, who slumped away in his sorrows after Joan’s disappearance. Her bartender boyfriend blew up in a rage when he found out about this. He then forced her to choose between him and Dustin. 
It took her a long time to decide, but she eventually stuck with Dustin because she couldn’t bear watching her best friend waste his life away in depression. She was determined to save him. 
Once Abelyn’s words registered in Dustin’s mind, his gaze softened as he looked up at her. 
He knew that she was the only one who had looked after him all this time. She had dedicated her time and energy, as well as sacrificed her love to be there for him. If only she knew her love was only a means to end for that bartender boy… Dustin sighed inwardly. 
“Abelyn, do you think Joan’s still alive?” he asked in a calm voice. 
He’s already asked me this question countless times! The woman held back from voicing her thoughts. 
Instead, she wrapped her arms around him. She knew that there was only one answer to his question, the one answer that would keep them both blindly hopeful. “Yeah, I’m sure she’s alive. She’s probably lost and is finding her way home, so don’t worry. I’m sure she’ll come looking for you once she makes it home.” 
That was perhaps the only response that could soothe his distraught mind. 
“You can drop the act. I know she’s not coming back.” Dustin suddenly rose to his feet. 
Abelyn was taken aback by his abrupt response. 
“I need some air,” Dustin informed before storming outside the villa and driving off.
Scrambling onto her feet, Abelyn drove behind his car. She shadowed him and kept a close eye on his every move for fear that he would get himself into trouble. 
Before she knew it, they ended up on the beach with their toes barely touching the seawater that curled onto the shore. 
Coincidentally, the couple that had previously saved Joan were busy at work on the beach as well. Some time had passed since then, and they seemed to have aged tremendously. 
“I wonder how Joan’s doing right now… Is she alive? And if so, where is she now?” the old woman mumbled to herself whilst shaking her head. 
Hearing this, the old man straightened up and stared into the distance broodily. He couldn’t help but fidget with his beard before throwing a hopeful gaze at the old woman. “Maybe she’s still alive.” 
Dustin happened to listen in on their subtle discussion. He couldn’t help but perk up when he heard them mentioning someone by the name of Joan. Could that… Could it be the Joan I know? Hope roared inside his chest. He then darted in front of them and frantically asked, “Hello, sir. You guys mentioned a person named Joan earlier. May I know where she is?” 
Huh? Who is he? Why is he asking about Joan? The old man eyed Dustin from head to toe before denying cautiously, “You’re asking the wrong person. I don’t know anyone named Joan.” 
The old man refused to blurt out Joan’s affairs to any stranger that came knocking. He would protect her privacy, regardless of whether Joan was dead or alive.
###Chapter 2826
Chapter 2826 
“Sir, I need you to tell me the truth… You know Joan, don’t you?” 
Although Dustin’s sincere tone caught the old man off guard, the latter chose to focus on his work instead of answering the question. 
Seeing how unbudging the couple was, Dustin decided to do this the old-fashioned way. He forcefully took over the old woman’s task, hoping that the couple would soften up if he helped them with their work. 
“What do you think you’re doing, young man? We don’t know anyone named Joan. You should inquire elsewhere,” the old woman urged. 
However, no one could deceive an intelligent man like Dustin. So he exerted every bit of strength and patience he had to aid the couple in untangling their fishing net. 
Abelyn had noticed this from afar. She couldn’t understand why Dustin took this approach, but she knew that he definitely had a valid reason for doing so. 
She soon jumped in to help as well. 
The old woman nudged her husband’s arm gently, whispering into his ear, “Darling, let’s tell them. They don’t look like bad people to me…” 
The old man gave in after seeing the two youngsters going all out to help them. He couldn’t picture Dustin and Abelyn as bad people, so he nodded in agreement. If they’re really Joan’s friends, it’s probably wiser for us to tell them. Otherwise, who knows what dangers might befall Joan?
The old woman motioned for Dustin and Abelyn to stop working. She said kindly, “That’s enough now. Why don’t the two of you take a break? Come in and join us for tea.” 
At this, Dustin immediately put down the tools in his hands and rushed over. 
Once they gathered in the living room, the old woman began prepping the tea and explaining, “I’ll tell you everything I know about Joan, but the one thing I cannot say for certain is her current whereabouts.” 
Dustin and Abelyn spent the next hour with their hearts clenched uncomfortably at the story of how this old woman came to know Joan. 
By the end of her explanation, they let out a long and unnerved sigh. They couldn’t believe that Joan had gone through so much alone. 
Meanwhile, the old woman also had questions she wanted answers to. She eyed the two suspiciously before interrogating, “If you really are her friends, why didn’t you come looking for her?” 
Abelyn stole a glance at Dustin, who didn’t seem ready to talk. She then sheepishly lowered her head, unable to meet the old woman’s eyes as she pointed at Dustin. 
She explained in a soft tone, “He fell into a state of despair once we found out about Joan’s disappearance. He was too shocked and depressed to even look for her while I had to take care of him…” 
I see… The old woman believed that the two were truly Joan’s friends after seeing regretful they were for abandoning the woman. 
“Madam, I can’t thank you enough for taking Joan in.” Dustin flashed a grateful look at the old woman before heading for the exit. At that moment, his heart was set on finding Joan. If she really is dead, I’ll
do my best to recover her body. Dustin balled his fists in determination. He and Abelyn later darted back to their cars, which they had parked next to the beach. 
“Will you help me?” He turned to look at Abelyn, who stood next to him. 
To which, the woman patted his shoulder and affirmed, “Definitely!” 
She had never once hesitated when it came to helping Dustin; she would agree in a heartbeat, regardless of whether she was overseas or in the country. Despite their occasional bickering and bad days, they would still be there whenever the other person needed their support. This was their promise, something that they had sworn to do as best friends. 
Elsewhere, Della had retreated to her home country after news about the five million ransom broke out. She needed to lay low for as long as she could. Moreover, she refused to let Jake dig up any more dirt on her. 
However, just because she retreated didn’t mean that she had completely given up on pursuing Larry. 
“What is the meaning of this! You’re leaving again?” Fred’s displeased voice rumbled throughout the living room. 
Della didn’t even flinch as she knew that her dad would react so negatively. She retorted in a low voice, “Dad, must you make such a big fuss? I’m only traveling abroad…” 
How can I not be fussed? She almost took someone’s life the last time she traveled there. What nasty trick is she up to this time? Fred examined his daughter’s face for any sign of mischief or malice. He couldn’t help but suspect if she was traveling back to pursue Larry again. 
At this upsetting thought, Fred coughed violently as if his lungs were chafing from dryness. He couldn’t help but sigh inwardly at his current circumstances. His health had been declining these days, and he
barely had any strength to manage his businesses anymore, much less worry about his daughter’s mess.
###Chapter 2827
Chapter 2827 
“Bye, Dad,” Della called out while heading out the door. 
“Della!” Fred shouted after her, but his words seemed to have fallen on deaf ears as the woman was soon out of sight. 
Thinking about his rebellious daughter made the elder man feel disconcerted. 
“Mr. Duff, are you alright?” A housemaid darted to his side. 
“My-my meds…” Fred stammered while pointing at a drawer. 
Della was not aware of her father’s medical condition. Hence, she could not understand his anxiety. 
Della soon arrived outside Larry’s office. She opened his office door as quietly as possible and tiptoed inside as to not disturb the man who was working inside. Larry was already aware of his surroundings, but he refused to acknowledge her presence. 
Della tried her best to pass the time by scrolling on her phone. When all her patience was finally exhausted, she walked toward Larry and leaned on his desk. 
“Get up,” he said, deadpan. 
He still hates me? Doesn’t he miss me at all after I went away for such a long time? The woman continued to stare at Larry, and a glint of despondent flashed across her eyes. 
To Larry, Della brought nothing but nuisance and irritation. Therefore, he was thankful to have peace of mind when she was completely out of his sight. 
“Larry, I’m back,” Della said carefully.
So? If she expects a warm welcome from me, she can keep on dreaming. How I wish she would vanish from the surface of the earth for good! 
“I’m busy,” Larry stated coldly. His eyes were glued to the files in front of him. 
The man’s aloofness saddened Della. 
“Larry, here’s the information you wanted,” Caspian’s voice rang out as he walked into the office without knocking. He stopped in midstride when he saw Della. What’s she doing back here? 
‘If there’s nothing else, you can leave now.” Larry finally lifted his head and looked at the woman in his office. 
There must be something she needs here. I know her too well; each of her moves has been carefully calculated in order to serve her ultimate goal. 
“It’s been quite some time since we last met. Can we have dinner tonight?” There was an unmistakable sign of plea in her tone. 
Ugh! Dining with her is such a torturous ordeal. 
“I’m occupied tonight.” Larry retracted his gaze and resumed his work. 
Suddenly, Della broke into tears. 
Caspian, who had been a mere onlooker from the moment he barged into the office, looked at the weeping woman and felt sorry for her. 
“What are you crying about? Did you come all the way here just to put on a show?” Larry was unfazed by the sight of the beautiful woman sobbing before him.
What now? Did she shift her tactic to try to appeal to my better nature? Larry let out a scoff. Having experienced first-hand of what she was capable of, he knew better than to have mercy on Della and then fall victim to her. 
I have already lost Joan because of her. There’s no way I’ll let this woman get to me. 
“Larry, can you please forgive me? I know that some of my past behaviors were condemnable. But I had no choice. I’m just so madly in love with you,” Della said emotionally in between her sobs. Larry, however, continued to be stoned-face. 
Caspian, on the other hand, kept winking at Larry, trying to get him to go easy on Della. To his dismay, the man was completely walled up. 
“Della, I’m really swamped right now. If you’re hungry, go find a restaurant and knock yourself out.” Larry’s tone left no room for discussion. 
Caspian then blurted, “Um, Ms. Duff, Larry is rather snowed under with work lately, that’s why he’s in a foul mood. Please don’t take this personally. Why don’t you come back at a later time when things ease up a little?”
###Chapter 2828
Chapter 2828 
That’s ridiculous! Since when are we obligated to explain everything to her? Visibly annoyed, Larry shot a scathing glare at Caspian. 
“Alright, then.” Della wiped away her tears and left the office without saying another word. 
Knowing that Jake had been keeping Joan company, Della decided that she would not act rashly right now. Nevertheless, to err on the side of caution, she continued to monitor their interactions closely. She had even hired people to capture their daily lives in photographs. 
Larry was still under the impression that Joan was dead, and Della was not prepared to let him believe otherwise. 
Not long after that, she was back in Larry’s office. 
“Larry, it’s been a long while since Joan’s death. You can’t possibly be thinking about being single forever?” Della asked tentatively, thinking that she would suffer a great loss if Larry decided he never wanted to get remarried. After all, she was still waiting for him to change his mind about her. 
The man was momentarily startled by her question but soon resumed his composure. He shot her a scornful glance, refusing to engage in a conversation with her. 
His constant indifference toward her was too much for Della to bear. She had traveled all the way here to spend time with him, only to have her heart broken by his utter apathy. 
“Larry Norton!” she yelled, overtaken by resentment. 
“Della, I’m really slammed with work here. If there’s nothing urgent, can you please leave?” Larry responded impassively.
Why is he constantly pushing me away? Does he really hate me so much? Nevertheless, Della turned around and plopped down on the sofa as she renewed her resolve in getting the man. 
Sometimes she was confused and at a loss over her real intention in going after Larry. She wasn’t sure if it was out of true love, or if it had become a mere mission she wanted to accomplish. 
Regardless, I must have him! 
While Larry continued to ignore her presence, Della slowly got used to spending time by herself. She lounged on the office sofa and stopped pestering him. 
In Jake’s villa, Joan seemed to be immersed in bliss as she happily tended to the flowers in the yard with a few housemaids. 
“Joan, why don’t you leave this job to the housemaids?” Jake walked over and pinched her cheek softly. 
“I have time to kill anyway. Might as well help them out while I’m at it.” Joan smiled at him. 
Her bright grin lightened him up, and his lips curled up in a contented smile. This is the ideal life I have been searching for; to spend each and every day with the one I love, having a stable and predictable routine with just the two of us. 
“Don’t you need to go to work today?” Joan asked. 
“I do. I’m actually heading out soon,” the man replied while stroking her hair gently. 
This is my happily-ever-after. 
On a related note, Jake’s temper had improved considerably ever since Joan came into his life.
Before this, he was not only selfish and self-serving but also distant and reserved. But now, he was warm and more than considerate when it came to the woman. One might say that such was the power of love. 
After spending time in each other’s arms for another few minutes, Jake finally left for work. 
To Joan, this was her whole life. She would not have imagined that a part of her memory was still buried deep in her mind. 
Thump! Thump! Thump! A series of urgent knocks rang out at the door. 
“Who is it?” a voice called out from the yard. 
Outside the door, Della was startled upon hearing the familiar voice. Isn’t that Joan’s voice? She is indeed living here. “It’s me!” Della replied aloud. 
A woman? Joan frowned a little and hurried to the door. As the door swung open, a broad grin flashed across Della’s face. “It’s been a while, Joan.” 
Huh? She knows me? I don’t know her… Joan looked quizzically at the woman standing before her. “Who are you? Are you here for Jake?”
###Chapter 2829
Chapter 2829 
Della was baffled by Joan’s response and expression. Has she… lost her memories? Upon that realization, the former’s eyes widened as she studied Joan carefully. “Joan, don’t you know me?” 
“No, I’m afraid that I don’t.” 
Della stole a sigh of relief. This actually works in my favor. There’s no way she will let me in if her memories are intact. 
“That’s alright. I’m a good friend of Jake’s. We’ve met once, but you’ve probably forgotten,” Della said while inviting herself into the yard. 
Whoa… This is such a beautiful place! Looks like they’re having the time of their lives. Things are just getting better and better for me! 
“Please take a seat. Jake is at work at the moment. I will let him know when—” 
“That’s okay. I’ll give him a call later,” Della cut her off abruptly. 
For some reason, the woman’s unannounced visit stirred up a sense of apprehension in Joan. She shook her head, trying to shake off the unsettling thought from her mind. 
Joan invited Della to sit on the sofa, where they started chattering away awkwardly. The sole purpose of Della’s visit was to ascertain that Joan was residing at Jake’s residence. Her mission had already been accomplished the moment Joan answered the door. 
“Joan, do you remember a man named Larry?” Della asked carefully. 
Larry? Who? Joan shook her head.
It seems like the odds are still in my favor! She has even forgotten the love of her life! Well, just her luck. Della secretly stole a curt laugh. 
“Who is he? Should I know him?” 
“Oh, no. He’s a total jerk who used to pick on you all the time. It’s better if you don’t remember him,” Della lied effortlessly. 
Is that so? But his name doesn’t sound so bad. Joan contemplated the name. 
Meanwhile, when Jake was in his office, he was notified of Della’s visit to the villa. “What? Della went to the villa?” That devil of a woman, what does she want now? 
Jake picked up his coat and darted out the door. He sped past multiple traffic lights on the way back without any hesitation. 
Soon, the car pulled up just outside his villa, but there was no sight of Della when he entered his house. 
“Joan, are you alright?” Jake asked anxiously, holding onto her shoulders tightly. 
Joan took out a handkerchief and wiped the sweat off his forehead. “I’m fine. What are you doing back here? Have you finished your work in the office?” 
“Oh, about that. Um, did someone drop by our house today?” 
Somehow, the words “our house” sounded foreign to Joan. “Yeah. She came looking for you and said that she would give you a call before she left just then. Hasn’t she called?” 
Jake cleared his throat. That vicious woman had better not call me, or I’ll give her a piece of my mind!
“Oh, maybe she got busy.” Jake held onto Joan’s arm as they walked into the living room. 
In another development, Delilah had been having a tough time trying to help Lucius recover from his trauma. And now, the man was slowly getting back on his feet. 
“Grandma, Ms. Lee is taking us to the beach tomorrow,” Lucius informed Delilah without any enthusiasm in his tone. 
The boy’s downhearted look saddened Delilah. “Alright, be safe while you’re out there.” 
Just then, their door was opened with a soft thud. 
When Lucius saw that it was Larry who entered, he shot the man a quick glance before running into his bedroom. Larry understood that Lucius was not ready to have a conversation with him, so he decided to not push for it. 
Although Delilah knew it to be an accident, she could not stop Lucius from blaming his mother’s death on Larry; he blamed his father for failing to protect Joan. 
“Is everything okay?” Larry asked while walking into the kitchen.
###Chapter 2830
Chapter 2830 
“It’s been alright,” Delilah said. The household has become less lively since Joan isn’t around, that’s for sure. 
Larry’s eyes lingered on Lucius’ room before they dimmed with despondent. Maybe I should leave him alone for now. He must hate my guts now. 
Larry turned and handed Delilah a bank card, saying, “Ms. Young, I’ve put some money in this card. This is for his excursion to the beach tomorrow. Could you please pass it to him?” 
He knew that Lucius’ homeroom teacher had arranged to take the kids to the beach, and the parents were encouraged to participate. But since Lucius chose not to share this information with him, Larry took the hint and left the residence shortly after. 
Although Lucius had laid out his homework on his study desk, his mind was drifting off as he stayed in his room. 
“Here, your dad wanted you to have this,” Delilah said while sliding the bank card across Lucius’ desk. 
The boy had always been a responsible child, therefore both Delilah and Larry never had to worry about letting him keep a bank card. 
Lucius felt a pang of guilt as he stared at the card, wondering if he should reconcile with his father. I’ve already lost Mom. I can’t lose Dad, too. 
The next day, Lucius’ homeroom teacher took the children to the beach early in the morning. 
The beach was as enchanting as ever.
As the rest of his classmates enjoyed bathing in the morning sunlight while watching seagulls being chased away by the splashing of sea waves against the beach, Lucius sat by himself and stared out into the distance. Where are you, Mom? Are you still alive? 
His petite hands clenched up as the thought about his mother intensified. 
“Slow down, Joan, or you’re gonna trip!” a voice suddenly rang from a distance. The name “Joan” had captured Lucius’ attention. He stood up and tried to trace the direction of the sound. 
“I’m going to get you a drink,” Jake said before leaving Joan to herself. She was half-kneeling on the ground and appeared a little tuckered out. 
Finally, the person who responded to the name “Joan” appeared in front of Lucius. 
Filled with intense emotion, the boy ran toward Joan and looked intently at her with his teary eyes. 
“Hey, buddy, is everything okay?” Joan asked softly. 
“Mom, I missed you so much!” Lucius cried and hugged her legs. 
Joan was instantly dumbstruck. No, No! When did I have a son? This must be a mistake! 
The woman pried open the child’s grip on her legs and straightened her clothes before explaining, “You have mistaken me for somebody else, buddy. I’m not your mother.” 
That’s impossible! She has the same facial features, voice, and figure as Mom! Why is she denying it? Lucius held onto her hand and refused to let her go. 
“Let me go now, okay? You have got the wrong person. I’m really not your mother.” 
“Hey!” Jake yelled while making his way to the duo with drinks in his hands.
“Mr. Wilson?” Lucius cried in disbelief. 
Shoot, it’s Lucius! Jake forced a smile and asked calmly, “Lucius, what are you doing here?” 
This is bad. I can’t believe they bumped into each other at this place! Jake tried to suppress his anxiety. “Listen to me. This lady is not your mom. She just looks like your mother, that’s all.” 
No! She has to be Mom! The child continued to look steadily at Joan. His eyes shone with excitement as the familiar scent of his mother filled his nostrils. This is definitely Mom’s scent; I’ll never forget it. 
When the two adults failed to convince Lucius to let go of Joan, they relented and let him sit with her on the beach. 
While holding tight onto Joan as they sat on the beach, Lucius finally calmed down. He eventually fell asleep next to Joan. 
After making sure that the child was sound asleep, Joan gently pried open his grip on her and walked away. When Lucius awoke from his sleep, the woman was already long gone.
###Chapter 2831
Chapter 2831 
“Mom!” Lucius yelled at the top of his lungs, his eyes sweeping his surroundings for the sight of his mother. Unfortunately, all his desperate calls were left unanswered. 
Meanwhile, Joan and Jake had already returned home. “Jake, do you think the kid really knows me?” She looked at Jake, who was sitting next to her on a sofa, with curious eyes. 
Of course he does, he’s your son! Jake assumed a casual expression and studied her face carefully in fear that she might regain her memories at any moment. 
“He’s actually my friend’s son. His mom just passed away, and you happen to bear a resemblance to her. That’s why he has mistaken you as his mom. Poor kid, he must miss her a lot,” Jake continued his elaborate deception. 
Upon hearing his convincing explanation, Joan heaved a sigh of relief. 
Back home, Lucius flew into full-blown panic mode and kept recounting his encounter at the beach to Delilah. 
“Lucius, please stop it. Your mom is dead. You’ve got to stop fooling yourself,” Delilah comforted the distressed child while trying to prepare a meal in the kitchen. 
But what I said was all true! Lucius grew more agitated at Delilah’s response. “Grandma, I’m not lying! I’m serious, Mom is not dead. I saw her today at the beach!” 
Nevertheless, it was difficult for Delilah to take a child’s word for it without witnessing it herself. 
“Grandma, why don’t I take you to the beach tomorrow?” Lucius suggested, hoping that Delilah would believe what he said if she saw Joan in the flesh.
“I don’t think so, Lucius.” Delilah turned him down straight out. She was occupied by work and had no spare time to entertain what she believed to be a child’s imagination. 
Nonetheless, she finally gave in to Lucius’ incessant begging and agreed to take him to the beach. When they were there, they waited a long time but saw no sign of Joan. It pained Delilah to see Lucius pin all his hopes on a stranger who might or might not show up. 
This poor kid must have missed Joan so much he mistook a stranger for his mother. 
“Okay, Lucius, it’s getting late. We should head back now,” Delilah stated while gesturing to the boy to leave. 
“Grandma, can we please stay for a while longer? Mom must be somewhere nearby.” Lucius became distraught again. 
Well, he deserves one last attempt. Delilah could not bring herself to reject the child’s desperate plea. She soon relented, and they continued to walk up and down the beach searching for a familiar figure. As night fell and their mission inevitably failed, the two took a cab home. 
Back home, Lucius was filled with despondency as he lay on the sofa, deep in thought. I have no doubt the woman I saw was Mom. 
“Alright now, you still have school tomorrow. Time for bed.” Delilah rubbed gently on his head. 
The child let out a resigned sigh and went into his bedroom. However, Lucius had no desire to sleep as he lay wide awake on his bed and gazed out at the moon outside the window. 
Mom, why won’t you come home? 
Meanwhile, Joan let out a sneeze while staring at the clear moon from the yard.
Jake hurried over with a jacket and draped it over her shoulder. “Let’s go inside before you catch a cold.” 
“I’m fine. Perhaps someone is missing me.” Joan sniffled and let out a laugh. Could it be that kid? A flicker of sorrow flashed across her eyes at the thought of the child she met at the beach. 
For some reason, the woman started to miss him. It was my first time seeing him, but when he leaned into me, his scent was just so familiar. Oh, I must be overthinking it. 
She pinched her thigh in an attempt to shake off the strange feeling. 
Jake said gently, “It’s getting windy now. Let’s head back inside.” The couple then retreated into the living room. 
As the night deepened, Joan stared at the withering flowers outside the window and became a little sorrowful. 
“Joan, I think it’s about time we start planning for our wedding.” All of a sudden, Jake held onto the woman’s hands and proposed in a serious tone.
###Chapter 2832
Chapter 2832 
Jake had been wanting to bring this up with Joan. However, he had not been able to find the perfect time to. His patience was running thin, and he feared that she might disappear into thin air without a moment’s notice. 
Joan lowered her head, seemingly lost in thought. 
Rubbing her hands against each other anxiously, she was at a loss of what to say to the man’s sudden proposal. I know Jake is my boyfriend, but somehow, I don’t feel the connection a couple is supposed to feel about each other. Sometimes when he tries to kiss me, I’ll feel uncomfortable. 
Joan’s silent struggle was evident to Jake. Dejection filled his entire being. It’s been so long. How has she not noticed how I feel about her? Or is she still thinking about Larry Norton? That’s impossible! She has lost her memories. There’s no trace of Larry left in her world! 
Jake continued to fix his unwavering gaze on her. 
“Jake, honestly, I’m not ready for this,” Joan finally uttered. 
What’s there to be ready for? She doesn’t need to lift a finger on everything else as long as she agrees to marry me! He pulled the woman into his arms tightly and seemed rather pitiful when he said, “Joan, as long as you say yes, I’ll take care of everything. You only need to focus on being my bride, that’s all.” 
Each of his words was sincere and desperate at the same time. 
Joan did not doubt how Jake felt about her. However, the fuzzy image of a man who appeared in her mind intermittently made her think she had a unique connection to him. But she could not, for the life of her, remember who that person was.
“Jake, I’m tired. I’m going to bed now,” Joan stated and walked toward the bedroom. No… I can’t say yes to Jake’s proposal. I can’t betray my own feelings and lie to him! 
As she slowly disappeared from his sight, a chilling glint flashed across Jake’s eyes. What do I have to do to get her to marry me? Maybe I could knock her up? 
Jake immediately slapped himself across his face at that thought. What am I thinking? How could I harbor such a malicious thought! 
Meanwhile, Dustin and Abelyn had not given up their search for Joan. They had looked into every nook and cranny around the houses near the beach but to no avail. 
“Dustin, are you sure you want to keep going?” Abelyn asked in between her shallow pants. 
“Yes, we must continue.” Dustin was resolute. 
It doesn’t seem like he is giving up anytime soon. Abelyn smacked her hand, trying to regain her focus. It had been a few days since the two had any quality sleep. 
“Hey, young lady, there’s a huge private villa over there. You can give it a crack.” Suddenly, a middle- aged woman approached them and offered some advice. 
A private villa? As though they had suddenly been fully recharged, Abelyn took Dustin’s hand and barrelled down the street. 
In no time, the two arrived in front of a villa. The villa was so big — it could easily pass for a small-sized manor. Abelyn was about to walk into the villa when Dustin grabbed onto her shoulder. 
“What are you doing? You can’t just barge into a private property like that! This looks to be home to a wealthy family,” Dustin muttered next to her.
Abelyn was in awe to come across such an exquisite building in the country. 
After the two gathered themselves at the door, they knocked on it politely. 
“Who is it?” Joan asked lazily while stretching her back. 
“I’m not sure. Let me check.” Jake smiled and stroked her hair lovingly before walking to the door. He was in utter shock when he saw the image of the two persons in his security camera. How did they get here? I must keep Joan away from them! 
“Joan, do you mind staying in the bedroom? It’s my partner from work. It’s kind of inconvenient with you around when we discuss business. Also, I’m afraid you’ll be bored by our business conversations anyway,” the man said while pulling Joan into the nearest bedroom, not giving her a chance to protest.
###Chapter 2833
Chapter 2833 
What on earth is he doing! Why is he bringing his business partner home? Joan frowned but didn’t dwell on it. She grabbed a book and started reading. 
“What are you doing here?” Jake asked with displeasure in his tone as he answered the door. 
When the two people at the door saw him, they were equally puzzled. 
“It’s your house?” Abelyn asked, evidently amazed. 
“It is,” replied Jake haughtily. 
He’s got taste, I’ll give him that! Abelyn looked around, and a faint smile crept up on her face. This villa… It is indeed my cup of tea. It’s a pity that Jake got ahead of me and bought it. 
“Can we have a look inside?” Dustin asked all of a sudden. 
“No.” Jake turned down his request outright. 
Dustin wasn’t at all surprised by his reaction, but the same could not be said for Abelyn, who was standing next to him. She pursed her lips in indignation. 
We just paid him a visit. Does he have to be so mean? She glared at the man before her with a tint of exasperation in her eyes. 
“Jake, Abelyn is considering purchasing a villa similar to yours. That’s why she’s here for a visit,” Dustin explained to him in a low voice. 
However, what they said was totally inefficacious for Jake. He responded with a disdainful snort. As far as I remember, we’re not that close.
“Please leave now. I don’t want to see you.” 
Thud! The door was shut right in front of their eyes. Jake walked straight to the living room in a huff. 
Abelyn and Dustin were left standing in front of the door with very awkward looks on their faces. Turning around, the woman prepared to leave, her expression stoic. 
“Abelyn, calm down! There’s no need to get angry at him. We’re here to look for her,” Dustin persuaded. 
At the thought of that, Abelyn turned around and walked back to where Dustin was. Fawning, she said to him, “But he won’t let us in.” 
A playful grin appeared on Dustin’s face as he looked at the villa before his eyes. 
“Let’s go.” With that, he yanked Abelyn and went to a nearby hotel. 
Huh? Why are we going to a hotel Abelyn sized the man up suspiciously, feeling a little curious. He can’t be having any special thoughts about me, can he? 
But that can’t be true. If he is indeed fond of me, how could he not make any moves after so many years? What is this jerk thinking? 
“Let’s wait here and keep watch on them. If Joan does stay in that villa, she’ll definitely come out,” laying next to her, Dustin said in a hushed voice. 
So that’s the reason. Phew. Abelyn patted her own chest and let out a breath of relief. Well, at least I can be sure that his brain works well… 
The two of them prepared themselves for a protracted stay in order to surveil the villa.
If Jake hadn’t declined their request to visit the villa, they might have already left. It was his denial that caught Dustin’s attention. 
Three days passed in the blink of an eye, but not even once did the two of them see Joan. That made Dustin frustrated. 
“Dustin, let’s leave. We shouldn’t waste more time here,” Abelyn gave him a nudge and suggested. 
Looking at the door of the villa, the faint ray of hope within Dustin seemed to have gone, too. Was I really mistaken? 
In fact, it was because Jake had come fully prepared. To prevent any setbacks from happening, Joan was swayed by Jake every day to not go outside. Plus, she was submissive and always did what Jake told her to, so she had been staying home those few days. 
The weather’s so nice out! In the yard, Joan tilted her head toward the sky as she closed her eyes, enjoying the sunbake. She seemed very serene and calm. It would be perfect if I could have a walk outside. Smiling, Joan rushed back to her room and changed into another outfit. 
“Ms. Watts, you’re not supposed to go outside. Mr. Wilson doesn’t allow that. Besides, you have just recovered. Why don’t you stay home and rest?” To her dismay, one of the housemaids stood in her way. 
“Oh, don’t worry. I’m only going to take a walk around the beach. I haven’t gone outside for several days now. Just let me go out and relax, alright? I promise; I’ll only wander around here,” Joan raised her hand and put them together, vowing with an earnest face.
###Chapter 2834
Chapter 2834 
Meanwhile, in the hotel, impatience was written all over Dustin’s face as the woman beside him continued to run her mouth. 
“Alright, that’s enough. Let’s pack and leave! It’s been so many days now, and if she’s really in that villa, she should have come out by now,” Abelyn prattled on as she packed her stuff. 
Dustin sighed, feeling a little disappointed. She’s right. With Joan’s temper, she couldn’t have been staying home all week. She has not come out for even once! Is she really not in that villa? 
Finally, both of them finished packing their things and left the hotel. Little did they know that as they left, Joan had come out of the villa as well. 
Upon arriving at the beach, Joan acted like a child who had just been allowed to go out and play after spending a long time doing homework at home. She ran and hopped around so excitedly; the housemaid who guarded her from a distance couldn’t help but smile at the woman’s silly behavior. 
“Oh no!” Abelyn cried aloud in the car suddenly. “I left something at the hotel; it’s a souvenir bought during my last trip.” 
Her voice grew softer and softer toward the end of her sentence. 
“Well, it’s just a souvenir, isn’t it? You can’t possibly get rich with it. Just leave it,” Dustin continued driving after replying. 
“No way!” Abelyn seemed desperate as she tugged on his arm and protested. 
Isn’t it just an ordinary souvenir? Does she have to behave in such a way? However, looking at how distressed and mad the woman next to him was, Dustin instantly made a U-turn. What a bratty
woman… How irksome! 
Very soon, the car stopped once again in front of the hotel. 
Without a second thought, Abelyn rushed into the hotel while Dustin stood at the entrance, scrolling his phone out of boredom. Meanwhile, Joan was having fun at the beach right next to the hotel with some children. She laughed and played with them; she seemed to be really enjoying herself. 
When Abelyn barged into the room she had been staying in, she hurriedly grabbed the souvenir her first love had gifted her. When she was ready to leave, she looked up suddenly and had her eyes fixated on a woman outside the window. 
Isn’t that… Joan? Am I seeing things now? She rubbed her eyes and kept them wide open as she focused her sight on the woman having fun at the beach. 
She really is Joan! Goodness, I’ve finally found her! 
“Dustin!” Abelyn rushed downstairs in a hurry. 
“Joan, shall we rest for a while?” one of the children asked Joan softly at the beach. 
“Sure, let’s go. Let me buy you a drink.” Joan took the child’s hand and walked to a nearby shop. 
“Dustin, hurry up. I saw Joan, come on!” 
What on earth is happening to this woman? Is she hallucinating? Joan is here? How’s that possible? We’ve stayed here surveilling for an entire week, and never once have we seen her. How is it possible that she suddenly shows up here? 
“We couldn’t find her after so many days. What are the odds that she suddenly appears now? Calm down, Abelyn. Have you found your souvenir? If you have, then let’s leave.” With that, Dustin turned,
about to walk to the car. 
“No! We have to go search for Joan. I saw her with my own eyes in the room just now!” 
“Alright, alright, cut it out. Let’s go! Weren’t you the one who was impatient and couldn’t wait to go back home just now?” Dustin started getting annoyed. 
Impatient? I was panicked! 
“Ahhh!” Dustin shrieked at the top of his lungs all of a sudden and gave a grimace of pain when Abelyn moved toward him, 
You’re such a jackass, Dustin. You’re not listening to me, huh? Now watch me tweak you to death. Abelyn pinched Dustin’s arms fiercely without holding back. 
“Go, go, go… Let’s go find her!” Eventually, the man compromised. Shooting daggers at Abelyn, he flung her arms off. How cruel can this woman be! 
Nevertheless, the moment they arrived at the beach, Joan was nowhere to be seen. 
Looking at the deserted beach, Abelyn was panic-stricken. Dustin let out a sigh as he saw the agitated expression on her face. 
“I believe you should have given in this time, right? That’s enough. We should hurry up and leave this place now.” Taking her hand, he was about to yank her and leave. 
“This can’t be right. Dustin, you have to trust me. I really did see her standing here just now.” Looking around, Abelyn was trying to spot and trace where Joan could have possibly headed to. Nonetheless, after a long time, the woman was still nowhere to be found.
###Chapter 2835
Chapter 2835 
Was it really just an illusion? Abelyn felt lost all of a sudden. 
At that moment, Joan was eating ice cream with the children in a shop nearby. Plain contentment was written all over her face. 
“Joan, you haven’t come out to play for a long time,” one of the children uttered in a mischievous tone. 
“Yeah, I haven’t been feeling too well recently,” she let out a small smile and replied. 
She was acquainted with almost all the children staying around the beach. Hence, when she stayed at home for too long, she would really miss the naive and innocent children. 
Very soon, a few kids seemed to have been re-energized after having their ice cream, and they left the shop one after another. Looking at the elated expression on their faces, Joan smiled contently. 
“Ughh—” Out of the blue, Joan let out a cry. 
“Joan, what’s going on?” the children quickly gathered around her and asked anxiously. 
“It’s okay; I’m fine. I just need to take a rest. Why don’t you guys go out and play first?” the woman waved at them and replied briefly. 
What’s happening to me? Why am I having a headache all of a sudden? Not only that, a blurred image of a little boy started appearing in her mind as well. Who’s this boy? 
Holding her head in her hands, she was in great agony. 
Meanwhile, Dustin and Abelyn still couldn’t seem to find Joan after a long search. Finally, Abelyn admitted defeat.
“Alright, let’s go.” With that, she turned around and was ready to leave. 
“What’s happening to Joan?” some distance away, a child asked another child abruptly. 
“She’s having a headache.” 
It was at that juncture that both Dustin and Abelyn paused in their tracks all at once. Turning to each other, both of them had a hopeful glint in their eyes. 
“Abelyn, did you hear something just now?” Dustin asked tentatively. 
“I heard someone calling Joan’s name,” the woman replied in an exhilarated tone. 
Instantly, the two of them turned around and ran over to the bunch of children who were having fun with each other. Hunkering down, Dustin asked in a soft tone, “Little boy, can you tell me where’s the ‘Joan’ you mentioned just now?” 
“She’s over there. She said she’s having a headache, so you better not go and disturb her.” The child who replied to their question pointed at a shop not too far away from them. 
Without a second of hesitation, the two adults sped toward the shop in a flash. 
Bam! People in the shop were greatly astounded when the door was kicked open, resulting in a deafening sound. Joan, who was sitting on a sofa in the corner, was breathing heavily with her eyes closed. 
That’s her back! Dustin walked slowly toward her with a gentle glow in his eyes. 
Finally, when Abelyn and Dustin appeared before Joan, both of them were surprised. To be precise, they were pleasantly surprised. Abelyn was so moved tears streamed down her face. As with Dustin, he was so excited that he was at a loss for words.
“Joan,” Dustin called out softly. 
The woman in front of them looked up at the two strangers before her, feeling curious. “Who are you? How can I help you?” 
Her voice sounded weary, and she looked haggard. 
What’s wrong with her? Is she sick? Dustin tensed up at the thought of that. 
“Come, let me send you to the hospital.” The man was ready to help her out. 
“No! I don’t want to go to the hospital!” Thinking of the medication she had previously had, Joan grew so upset that she shrugged off Dustin’s arm all of a sudden. 
“I’m only a little tired. I don’t need to go to the hospital,” she added. 
Alright then. At that, Dustin sat down on the sofa across from her. Looking at the woman he loved, he felt somewhat dazed. After some time, Joan finally recovered from her headache. She grabbed her bag and got up to leave, totally ignoring the two people sitting across from her. 
“Hey, Joan, where are you going?” Dustin held her arm tightly and asked. 
“Home,” she answered softly. She was so drained that she didn’t even bother asking how the two people had gotten to know her name. At that moment, all she wanted was to return home as soon as possible. She knew Jake didn’t like her wandering outside. 
“We just reunited, and you’re leaving?” A pleading note could be heard in Dustin’s voice.
###Chapter 2836
Chapter 2836 
“I’m sorry, but I don’t know you.” Joan turned away directly after that. 
In a state of intense agitation, Abelyn stood up and ran after Joan in a jiffy. Standing in her way, the woman sized her up with a dubious look in her eyes. 
What’s wrong with her? Did she really forget us? Has she lost her memory? 
“Excuse me, Miss, please make way.” 
Abelyn’s heart sank at the response of Joan. Miss? Miss? Did she really forget that I despise being called that? 
Is she really even Joan? Abelyn started getting suspicious. 
“Joan, don’t you recognize us?” Dustin strode toward them, frowning as he asked. 
“No, I don’t,” replied Joan firmly as she left. 
Just as Abelyn was about to go after the woman again, Dustin held her by her arm and stopped her. “Calm down. Don’t act rashly.” They then went after Joan and tailed her until they reached Jake’s villa. As soon as they saw the woman entering the villa, they were greatly exasperated. 
Damn this Jake! How dare he shut Joan away! Abelyn bared her teeth, and a callous aura started wafting from her. Nevertheless, what they couldn’t really understand was Joan’s submissiveness toward Jake, which resulted in her staying in that villa without coming outside for such a long time. Could it be that she has also forgotten Larry? 
Mmm, that seems to be the only reasonable explanation.
“What should we do?” Abelyn nudged the man next to her and asked, exasperation in her tone. 
“We shall find Jake and discuss things with him tomorrow,” Dustin replied in an icy tone, his eyes narrowing as he did so. He was exceedingly appalled at the discovery of what a despicable man Jake was. He actually concealed her past from her to keep her by his side. How shameless is he! 
Just as planned, the duo went directly to Jake’s company the next day. 
Sitting in front of his desk, Jake started in a straightforward manner, “What are you two here for? As far as I’m concerned, there does not seem to be any business collaborations or projects between us.” 
This asshole! Who would even want to collaborate with him? Abelyn folded her arms and shot him a disdainful glare. 
“Jake, why are you keeping Joan away?” Dustin asked directly. 
Their sudden questioning did give Jake a shock, but he remained imperturbable. Hiding Joan away was something others would surely find out about someday, so he had been ready for it. It just never occurred to him that they would discover it so soon. 
It looks like I have underestimated their capabilities. 
“I’m not hiding anyone away,” he stated in an unquestionable manner; there was not even a trace of hesitance in his tone. 
Does he really think we’re fools? Dustin paced over to him slowly and patted hard on his shoulder. He was noticeably outraged. 
What’s going on? Is he asking for a brawl? Jake shoved his arm away while a ruthless glint flashed across his eyes. Disgruntled, he boomed, “Please show some respect.”
What a two-faced and deceitful hypocrite! Gritting her teeth, Abelyn tried to contain her wrath. 
“Joan stays with me of her own free will. If you don’t believe me, you can ask her yourself. My conscience is clear.” 
The two people before him were clearly dumbfounded by his words. We need to get to the bottom of this! 
“Jake, what you just said better be true. Otherwise, I will inform Larry to come and take her away at once!” As soon as he finished speaking, Dustin yanked Abelyn out of the room with him and got in their car swiftly. Again, he drove towards Jake’s villa. 
In the meantime, Joan was lying down on the sofa in the living room, looking a little worn out. 
Thud! Thud! Thud! The sudden knocking on the door was too loud to be ignored. 
Disturbed, the woman got up and walked into the yard, wearing an irked expression. As soon as she opened the door and saw the two people outside, she kneaded her temples and asked impatiently, “What are you two doing here again?” 
Is she feeling unwell? 
Seeing as such, Dustin grabbed her wrist and took her pulse immediately. 
“What are you doing? Let go! You two are way over the line!” Joan screamed and struggled. 
“Enough screaming. He used to be a doctor. He’s just taking your pulse,” Abelyn quickly explained to her.
###Chapter 2837
Chapter 2837 
Joan fell silent at once. 
Jake seemed to be very assured of Joan’s responses; he didn’t even return home together with Dustin and Abelyn. That was exactly what the two desired. 
“Please prepare some hot soup for her,” Dustin said to the housemaid. 
Seeing how serious the person before her was about her health, Joan let her guard down by degrees. What’s their actual purpose coming here? 
She couldn’t stop studying the two people sitting together with her in the living room. As such, she started growing more inquisitive. Can it be that they are actually my old friends? Jake had told her previously that she had lived an unhappy life, and he had said that it was better for her to not remember anything. Nevertheless, she had encountered a number of people mistaking her for their friends or family lately, and that troubled her. 
If it only happened once, she would not have been so bothered, but similar episodes had occurred twice, and she couldn’t treat it as just a coincidence. 
“Tell me, why are you looking for me?” she asked softly. 
Gazing at the person before him, Dustin was a little upset. Has she really forgotten about all the memories she shared with me?` 
“Joan, I’m Dustin, and this is Abelyn. We used to be best friends. Have you forgotten everything?” he asked anxiously.
Upon listening to his words, Joan looked up instantly. She sized them up, tilting her head on one side and trying to recall something from the past. However, she had not a single inkling of her past. 
What actually happened? How did she end up losing all her memories? Dustin clenched his fist and was deeply concerned. 
What about Larry? She should at least remember the man she loves most, right? 
“Joan, do you remember Larry?” Dustin asked meticulously. 
Larry? This name sounds particularly familiar to me… It’s as though I’ve heard it somewhere. Nevertheless, Joan shook her head in response eventually. 
Wow, she has even forgotten about the most significant man in her life. How is this even possible? Is it the scoundrel Jake trying to hamper us deliberately? Dustin had his guard up at once. 
“I was injured previously, and it’s Jake who has been taking care of me all this time. Hence, other than him, I don’t remember anyone else,” Joan explained softly. 
Dustin and Abelyn gave each other a gaze, and realization dawned on them. 
“What about now? What’s your relationship with Jake?” Abelyn asked in apprehension. 
“I’m his girlfriend now. To be precise, I’m his fiancée,” replied the woman. Despite that, there was a helpless note in her tone. 
In fact, she didn’t love Jake as much as she thought she did. The man had been helping her, looking after her, and protecting her, yet, she had nothing to repay him with but her companionship. In truth, she didn’t even discern if it was friendship or love between herself and the man. And it was because
she couldn’t even bear to ponder about it. She was afraid that one day when she figured out her true identity, she would end up hurting Jake’s feelings. 
“Joan, don’t marry Jake. Please reconsider your decision, alright?” Dustin grabbed her arm and said in consternation. 
He was reluctant at the prospect of the woman he loved making a regretful decision that she herself would grieve over later in life. I must divulge to her that Larry is the one man who loves her most. He’s who she loves most in this world! What wicked ways did that scumbag Jake employ to make such a sucker out of Joan? 
What was deemed as ‘wicked ways’ by Dustin was in actuality, only Jake’s genuine devotion to Joan. 
“Excuse me, can’t you show some respect? Why can’t I marry Jake? He’s so good to me. He loves me, coddles me, takes good care of me, and he’s the one person who treats me best on earth. Of course I will marry him.” Joan’s voice was filled with both a little frustration and a little anticipation. It was presumable that she must be conflicted and tangled at that particular juncture. 
Abruptly, Abelyn asked from the side, “But do you love him?” 
For a moment, Joan lowered her head. She couldn’t seem to answer the question from Abelyn because she couldn’t decide herself if she truly loved Jake or not. She only knew that he was very good to her; she couldn’t let him down.
###Chapter 2838
Chapter 2838 
“True love should be two-way, and the people involved should be genuinely in love with one another. If you can’t be sure about your true feelings, take my advice—don’t simply commit yourself,” Abelyn added. 
She’s right. From the very beginning, it’s Jake who has been actively taking the initiative to show me his love. Never once did I make the first move in doing the same. I don’t know if I love him or not. 
“My apologies. I’m exhausted, and I need to rest. Do see yourselves out,” Joan stood up, preparing to go upstairs as she said that to them. Seeing as such, Dustin rose and stopped her in her tracks right away. Tension was all that was left on his face. 
“Joan, tell me then. When are you going to get married?” Hurriedly, Abelyn asked. 
Joan was flabbergasted. She didn’t know the answer to that question because she didn’t know when she would be able to accept Jake wholeheartedly. Perhaps, it’s up to fate to take its course, and when the time comes, I’ll get married to him. 
“Joan, you can only marry Larry,” Dustin uttered lowly yet resolutely. 
Larry again? Puzzled, Joan sized the two people standing before her up. Maybe I can get some information about this Larry from these two here today. 
“Who’s Larry, and where is he now?” 
Abelyn sighed over Joan’s words. The two people who once loved each other most have now become strangers inadvertently.
“Larry is your ex-husband. You got divorced accidentally for some reason, but you two were extremely lovey-dovey,” Dustin quickly explained. 
Hold on, this is nothing like what Della told me the other day. Which of them is lying? In that instance, Joan was lost. She didn’t know whom she could trust, and neither was she confident that she would recover her past memories. 
After much deliberation, she resorted to giving in. No matter what happened in the past, I’m contented now, at the very least. That’s all that matters. Besides, Jake has sacrificed a lot for me. 
The three of them continued chatting for a little longer, but still, Dustin and Abelyn couldn’t manage to persuade Joan. Their failure to do so disheartened them greatly. 
It took them substantial effort to finally find the woman, and regrettably, she had lost her memory. Shaking her head, Abelyn heaved a sigh, looking very peeved. 
“Should we tell Larry about this?” she asked Dustin. 
“Let’s wait a little longer.” The man squinted as he looked up at the gloomy sky above him, falling into deep contemplation. His concern was very simple. In view of Joan losing all her memories, she had totally no impression of Larry whatsoever. If Larry intervened in the matter at that juncture, it would only complicate things further. 
And that wasn’t what Dustin had intended. 
“Then what should we do?” Abelyn asked softly. 
What else can we do? We can only wait. 
Meanwhile, Joan was lying on the sofa in the living room again, waiting for someone to return home. It was unbeknown to her how much time had passed when Jake finally came home.
“Two people came to see me today,” she told Jake. Flipping through a magazine, Joan didn’t really pay any attention to it, instead, she couldn’t help glancing at Jake from time to time, observing his expression. 
And then? What’s she trying to say? Wiping the sweat from his forehead, Jake took off his coat. 
“Jake, did I know someone by the name of Larry before this?” she asked all of a sudden. 
Jake was startled at that particular instant, but he reverted to his usual composure very quickly. 
“What are you talking about? Larry is my friend, so of course you know him. It has been quite some time since the two of you last met each other, though.” 
Is that so? Still, Joan had a gut feeling that it wasn’t as simple as what the man before her said. 
“Alright, don’t think so much about such irrelevant things. You should get some rest,” Jake said as he helped her to the bedroom. 
The woman lay in bed all night, tossing and turning around, but she couldn’t seem to fall asleep. She was preoccupied with the name ‘Larry.’ This had happened before — more than once or twice. Something very significant must have happened. I just can’t remember it… 
She curled up in bed and clenched her fists tightly, looking exceedingly dejected. She was perturbed by the chances of her overlooking something crucial due to her loss of memory.
###Chapter 2839
Chapter 2839 
After what seemed an eternity, she finally fell asleep. When she woke up the next day with the intention of asking Jake about Larry, she realized he had already left the villa. Why is he evading this matter? Sitting on the sofa, Joan appeared very concerned. 
Joan losing her memory was doubtlessly good news to Della. And what excited her, even more, was that Jake had abducted Joan. Therefore, even if Larry was eager to find that woman, it would definitely take him a considerable amount of time. 
“I want to see Larry!” Della yelled at the lobby with an overbearing tone. 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Duff. Mr. Norton has specified earlier that those without an appointment shall not be allowed to enter,” the receptionist stopped her and said. 
Damn it, Larry! You actually came up with such a lousy trick against me? You’re taking me too lightly! Do you really think you can stop me with this little skit? The woman snorted and straightened her clothes, glancing around as if she was waiting for something. 
“Look, there’s someone sneaking in over there!” She pointed at a man some distance away. 
The receptionist turned around immediately upon hearing that, ready to call the security over the landline. Just as she turned around, Della ran in in a trice. 
“Hey, Ms. Duff! You can’t go in!” The receptionist’s tone was extremely remorseful. 
Messing with me? You have a long way to go! Della put her hands together and walked into Larry’s office.
“So, it seems you’re quite clever, aren’t you?” In the corridor, Caspian looked at her contemptibly and uttered lowly. 
“Better than you, at least!” With that, Della walked past him. 
“You!” Rooted to the spot, Caspian was infuriated. 
Leaning back on the sofa in his office, Larry was taking a rest with his eyes closed; he was totally unaware of Della’s arrival. The woman tiptoed over and hunkered down beside him, closely observing the face that got her daydreaming. Her lips curled into a gratified curve unwittingly. 
Although he disliked her and even hated her sometimes, for some reason, her affection toward him wouldn’t seem to diminish. 
However, she wasn’t aware that the feeling she had about Larry was not so much love as it was possessiveness. 
Plausibly noticing something amiss, the man opened his eyes slowly while massaging his temples, trying to clear his hazy mind. 
“What are you doing here?” with displeasure in his tone, he asked, getting up and pacing toward the desk. 
“Larry, do you think I won’t be able to come in just because you ordered your subordinates to stop me?” Della asked complacently. 
Hmph! In fact, the man had never really expected that Della would be subjugated by the staff in his company. Hence, he wasn’t surprised at all. 
“What’s the matter?” Larry yawned and asked.
Della sat on the sofa with her legs crossed, looking very relaxed as she said, “My Dad said to re- establish the cooperation with you.” 
Larry immediately shifted his gaze toward her with a cautious expression on his face. Is she trying to stir up some trouble again? 
“I appreciate your dad’s kindness. Please help me relay my message to him. Norton Corporation is doing very well at the moment.” 
What does he mean by that? Is he declining the offer? Della looked at him curiously, her eyes filled with bewilderment. Many know that there are numerous organizations and people who yearn to collaborate with our family, and yet, Larry is outright turning down our offer! 
Della squeezed her fingers tightly. With much indignation and agitation, she started, “Larry, you were pleased to cooperate with us previously, weren’t you?” 
That was in the past. 
He used to think that the woman before him would share his weal and woe and go through thick and thin with him. Nevertheless, she had betrayed him heartlessly. There’s nothing that will always stay the same in this world. The human heart is the most fickle of all. 
“Della, I truly appreciate the goodwill extended, but Norton Corporation has undergone restructuring, and it really isn’t compatible to collaborate with your company. I’m sorry about that.” 
He was very straightforward, leaving no room for discussion. It was done intentionally — he didn’t want to get another taste of being sold out by this woman.
###Chapter 2840
Chapter 2840 
You can never get to the bottom of how the minds of women work. Della does seem innocent on the veneer, but underneath that facade is a guileful mind much slyer than anyone else’s. Only God knows if she’ll stab me in the back again. 
“Larry, do you really have to be so stubborn?” 
There was a hint of aggrievance in her voice, but Larry was completely unmoved. Regardless of how Della fawned and played the victim card, the man wouldn’t compromise. 
Bang! Panting, Caspian butted in with an exceedingly unnerved and wrought up spirit. “Larry, we’re in trouble!” 
This jackass never learns! He’s been following me for so many years, yet he’s still so impetuous. Just when Larry was about to admonish him, Caspian added, “Gabriella is here.” 
The former was immediately dumbstruck. 
What is that skunk doing round here? Hasn’t she left the country for treatment overseas? Damn it. Is she looking for trouble here? 
“Let me in! I’m here to see Lars.” Gabriella couldn’t stop badgering at the lobby and was making an awful scene. 
“I’m sorry, Miss. You can’t enter without an appointment.” The receptionist was very conscientious and followed Larry’s instructions with no exception. 
“Do you know who I am? I’m Gabriella! Just tell Larry Gabriella is here,” the woman shouted at the top of her lungs with an icy air wafting from her as she flung the receptionist’s arm off her and straightened
her clothes. 
If there’s no appointment made beforehand, she’s not allowed to enter, be it Gabriella or Aubriella. The receptionist stood in front of her, blocking her way. She then grabbed the receiver of the landline to make a call. 
“Let her in.” Out of the blue, Larry appeared before them. 
The receptionist retreated immediately while Gabriella shot daggers at her. A barbarous aura emanated from her. 
“It’s not her fault. I gave her those instructions,” Larry loosened his tie a little as he said to Gabriella. 
“Lars, it’s been so long. I missed you so much.” As soon as she finished her sentence, Gabriella darted toward Larry and wrapped her arm around his, beaming. 
The people around were all taken aback at the sight of that. 
It was nothing new to everyone in the company that Gabriella was an admirer of Larry, but the man wasn’t interested in her at all. 
“Gabriella, please mind your manners.” Just as Larry finished his words, he flung her arm off forcefully. 
Watching the heartless expression on the man’s face before her, Gabriella was a little disconsolate. Baring her teeth, she clenched onto the side of her shirt, obviously displeased. What’s wrong? We just met! Is he really not going to leave me some dignity? What a jerk! Needless to say, he’s all about Joan again! 
Gabriella had been receiving treatment abroad, and her condition had also improved. Hence, when she received the news that Joan had gone missing, she rushed back immediately with great haste, trying to
return to Larry’s side. Having said that, the only person Larry held dearly to was Joan. Therefore, it went without saying that the man wouldn’t accept her. 
“Ms. Ward?” All of a sudden, Della came out and greeted her. 
Why is she here? Gabriella looked at the woman standing across from her quizzically. The two of them had met each other before, but they were not close. 
“Ms. Duff, are you here to discuss a business collaboration?” she asked deliberately. 
Della chuckled with an indistinct provocative glint in her eyes, and she replied with faint sarcasm, “That’s right. But it’s a shame that Larry is turning his nose up at this small company of ours.” 
What? Larry declined a collaboration with her? He must have gone mad! Countless people are contending among each other just to have an opportunity to collaborate with Della, and he’s giving it away? 
Gabriella cast a bemused gaze at the two people; she couldn’t get her head around the situation. 
“Larry, I shall get going. Let’s meet again some other day.” With that, Della left, and when she passed by Gabriella, she shot her a disdainful look. 
For some reason, the other woman felt extremely uneasy in that instance. 
“Is there anything you need?” Larry asked Gabriella.
###Chapter 2841
Chapter 2841 
What’s that supposed to mean? Does it mean I can’t come to see him if there’s nothing going on? Pouting, Gabriella was a little downhearted. She fiddled with her fingers as she replied, “Lars, I missed you so much.” 
The man had long got tired of hearing such a response from her. Hence, he turned around and left right away. Hurriedly, Gabriella caught up to him and followed him into his office. 
“Lars, I heard that Joan went, erm, missing?” Her gaze was fixated on the man before her as she posed the question carefully, afraid of arousing his sorrow. 
Did she come back because of this matter? What has it got to do with her? Larry nodded once as he tapped his fingers on the keyboard without showing a change in his expression. 
Looks like what I’ve heard when I was overseas was indeed true! Gabriella’s eyes glinted with secret glee. Joan, oh Joan, it’s hard to believe that even God isn’t willing to help you this time! She leaned against the sofa, tilted her head to one side, and looked at the ceiling. All at once, she felt relieved and relaxed. 
“I need information about Gabriella. Also, check why she’s returning all of a sudden. I want info on all her activities abroad too,” in the office, Della ordered the assistant beside her in an icy tone. 
“Sure!” The assistant walked out right away. 
There goes Joan, and here comes Gabriella. What are the odds? It seems like I still have to work harder! Della held on to the wall next to her and coughed softly. It was probably owing to her overworking and the chilly weather recently that she caught a fever.
Less than thirty minutes later, the assistant returned with some documents. “Ms. Duff, here’s all the information about Gabriella.” 
Well, she’s complicated and quite the diehard. Della heaved a sigh as she read through the documents. 
“Lars, won’t you have dinner together with me? Please? I’ve come to find you as soon as I return; I haven’t even gone home yet,” Gabriella shook the man’s arm and pleaded kittenishly. 
What an annoying woman! Larry closed his eyes and drew in a long breath, trying to rein in his emotions. 
Looking at how impatient he looked, Gabriella was suddenly displeased. Is he still mad about what happened in the past? Well, it’s explicable. With all the awful deeds I’ve done, how is it possible for him to forgive me so easily? 
“Enough, stop shaking me. Come, let’s go for dinner!” Larry brushed her arm off him immediately and strode out of the office. Since when did she become like this? The man’s figure looked rather helpless and lonely from the back as he walked. 
In the restaurant, they sat at a table in the corner. The atmosphere was tranquil, and Larry lowered his head, nibbling the steak on his plate. Gabriella, on the other hand, couldn’t stop looking at the man sitting across from her with a fervent glow in her eyes. 
I’ll just let her watch. She won’t get to do it for long anyway! Larry didn’t mind any of her behavior at all. 
“Lars, have you thought about getting married again?” she asked softly. There was even a note of embarrassment in her tone. 
Getting married? To? Larry shook his head.
Oh sh*t, can it be that he’s never going to get married again just because Joan has disappeared? No way. I must think of ways to make him change his mind! 
“Lars, we only live once, so carpe diem! I know you’re saddened by Joan’s disappearance, but life goes on,” she urged anxiously. 
Larry, however, looked like he didn’t hear anything. He continued munching on his food, totally nonchalant to what she said. Despite that, Gabriella ran her mouth like a car without a brake, showing no sign of stopping. 
Unable to take her babbling any longer, Larry wiped his mouth and roared, “That’s enough!” 
“I’ve finished eating. You enjoy your meal.” With that, he rose and made to leave. 
“No!” Gabriella grabbed his arm instantly, reluctant to let him leave. Looking at her plate that was still full, she uttered softly, “I haven’t started eating yet.” 
“It was you who insisted on having dinner together, but all you did was blather non-stop.” Larry was a little disgruntled. He was already cutting her much slack by agreeing to have dinner with her.
###Chapter 2842
Chapter 2842 
“Alright, alright, don’t be mad, okay? Can you please just bear a little longer with me? I’ll eat right away.” Instantly, Gabriella twisted her fork in circles, jerked a mouthful of spaghetti, and started eating. 
Seeing the sincere way she looked, Larry couldn’t bear to leave her alone. After all, they used to be very good friends. 
After Gabriella finished her dinner, the two of them left the restaurant. The woman was thinking of wandering around with him, but Larry sent her home directly. 
Very soon, the car arrived at the villa of the Wards. Both of them remained silent in the car, and the atmosphere was a little gawky. 
Looking outside the window, Larry’s face was terribly gloomy. He was exceedingly sick of having to spend time with her. 
Observing the man sitting next to her, Gabriella was reluctant to leave. She asked meekly, “Lars, are you still mad with me?” 
Abruptly, the woman started weeping. It was like a bolt from the blue, and Larry was utterly struck dumb. Hello? I didn’t even do anything! He hadn’t hit her, nor had he chastised her. Why is she crying all of a sudden? 
“Umm… Gabriella, it’s late already. Go home and take a rest, alright?” he forced a smile on his face and uttered softly. 
“But I don’t want to go home. Lars, I want to be with you! Let’s live together, okay?” Tenderly, she threw herself into his arms swiftly.
Is she crazy? A long time ago, I made it very clear to her that there would only be friendship between us. Nothing else. No romance shall ever blossom! Even if Joan hadn’t appeared in my life, I would never opt to be with her! 
“Gabriella, I hope you can understand the circumstance. We won’t make it,” Larry said very firmly; his tone was irrefutable. 
Yes, indeed. He’s rejected me before, but the circumstances are no longer the same! Joan has vanished! 
“Lars, I’ve only been fond of you for so many years now, and my feelings have never changed. Now that Joan has disappeared, why don’t you give me a chance?” At that moment, Gabriella completely disregarded the image as an heiress of a well-off family she had been keeping in front of him. 
“No, and get off the car! You should return home now! Also, I don’t care if Joan is dead or alive; my love for her will never change.” 
Gabriella’s heart sank upon hearing his words. In a distance, a white car was parked at the end of the alley. The woman sitting in the car watched everything between Gabriella and Larry with a bitter face. 
How dare you try to steal my man! You’re asking for trouble! Della slammed her fist on the steering wheel, and a ferocious aura engulfed the interior of the car in a heartbeat. 
Very soon, Gabriella got out of the car, and Larry sped off instantly. 
As she watched the car drive away, Gabriella let out a sigh as desolation loomed over her. Looks like he really isn’t going to give me any more chances! 
After dropping the woman off, Larry went to the company directly. It had been a long time since he last went home. A home without Joan was nothing different from an icehouse. He could feel no warmth in it.
“Larry, aren’t you going home to see your child?” Caspian asked lowly as he stretched his body on the sofa. 
Lucius? Larry looked up and rubbed his eyes, feeling a little giddy. 
He had gotten in touch with the child’s teacher lately. Lucius’ performance was not bad, and his results were outstanding as well. It was just that, relatively, he wasn’t as cheerful and animated. 
He understood that it was because of Joan’s disappearance that the child’s comportment changed. Other than that, that kid also blamed him for the incident. Hence, he wasn’t willing to get close to him. 
“I’m not going back tonight,” he replied briefly. 
Thud! The office door was then brutishly kicked open, and Della busted in aggressively. She looked extremely outraged. 
“Ms. Duff, why are you here at such an hour…” 
“Shut the f*ck up!” she cut Caspian off without letting him finish his sentence. All at once, the air around them seemed to have frozen, and the atmosphere was freakish to the bone. 
“Della, if you’re throwing a fit, please leave. It’s my company, and as I said, there will be no collaboration between us,” Larry spoke very composedly. He was used to the reckless and foolhardy way the woman behaved, especially when it involved personal relationships.
###Chapter 2843
Chapter 2843 
“What’s your relationship with Gabriella?” Della exclaimed. 
Larry sat on the couch, took a sip of tea, and answered nonchalantly, “It’s none of your business.” 
“Explain yourself!” 
Why should I? Is she going to view Gabriella as her competitor just because she likes me? What a ridiculous woman! There was not any competition at all, to begin with! Ultimately, Larry only cared for Joan. 
Larry turned around and ignored her. No matter how she screamed at him, he just gave her the cold shoulder. 
Della could not stand how cold he was toward her. She walked up, raised her hand, and was ready to slap him. However, Caspian stepped in and stopped her just in time. 
“You’re now in the Norton Corporation, so please watch your behavior, Ms. Duff,” Caspian warned, “and please show Mr. Norton some respect. You can’t do anything to him as you wish.” 
Della was taken aback by Caspian’s crude warning. This woman doesn’t seem to know her place. Larry has given her many chances in the past, yet she’s still as stubborn as a mule! 
“You should leave now, Della. Gabriella and I are just friends. So are we.” Larry made it clear. “Please do not come and find me anymore. You wouldn’t want to disgrace your Dad, would you?” He said that on purpose. 
Upon hearing that passive-aggressive remark, Della organized her thoughts and regained her composure. She took a sidelong glance at the office and left in embarrassment.
“Should we lodge a police report?” Caspian asked. 
Larry had wanted to lodge a police report for some time now, but because of Samuel, he withheld his action as he did not want to burn bridges with Della’s family. 
Even Caspian was aware that Della’s action lately had constituted harassment. 
“What’s with that face?” Jessica asked as she walked into his office. 
“What are you doing here?” Larry sat down and asked. 
He’s still as cold as ever. I’ve not seen him for a couple of days now, yet he doesn’t miss me at all? Jessica walked over and leaned against him. 
“I missed you.” 
Jessica knew Larry would shove her aside — she was prepared for it. But before the man could react, Caspian raised his voice. “How dare you flirt with another man in front of me?” 
He went up, pulled her away, and threw her on the couch. 
Come on! I was just pulling your leg! Ugh. Jessica tidied up her disheveled appearance and shot daggers at Caspian. 
Meanwhile, Larry continued to focus on his work and was not bothered by the drama around him. But deep in his heart, he did somewhat find the young couple adorable. 
“What other man? It’s Larry, okay?” Jessica said in a gentle voice. 
“No means no! Larry is a man, and you can never do this to him! What if you fall in love with him? It’s not impossible since he’s handsome and capable!” The more he spoke, the more inferior Caspian
found himself by comparison. 
Upon hearing that, Jessica walked toward him and wrapped her hands around her neck. She then kissed his cheek and said gently, “I’ll never fall in love with another man because you’re the love of my life!” 
“That’s enough! Stop being all mushy in front of me!” Larry waved his hand in the air and said. Yet, the couple ignored him and continued ribbing each other.
###Chapter 2844
Chapter 2844 
At this point, Larry’s mind was filled with Joan’s image. Where are you now, Joan? He let out a sigh, looking utterly dejected. 
After being all lovey-dovey with Caspian, Jessica walked toward Larry and shot him a serious look. 
“What now?” Larry flipped through a file and asked. 
Jessica put on a wry smile and hesitated for a moment. Though Abelyn had told her not to tell Larry about Joan, Jessica felt he might have a solution to the problem. 
“There’s something I want to tell you, but…” Jessica paused for a moment. The awkwardness she felt was written all over her face. 
All of a sudden, Larry slammed the file he was reading through on the table, raised his head, and looked up at her with a scowl. 
What’s wrong with her? This is not how a steady businessperson should behave! He crossed his arms and waited for Jessica to complete her sentence. 
Jessica took a deep breath and mustered up the courage to give him an update. 
“Abelyn said she found Joan, but Joan has lost her memory. She doesn’t remember anyone of us here, including you. And she’s dating Jake now,” Jessica kept her eyes shut and delivered the news in one breath. 
Larry stood up right away and grabbed her shoulders.
He shook her body and asked in agitation, “What did you say? Joan is still alive? She lost her memory?” 
Jessica’s eyes started brimming with tears as the pressure Larry exerted on her shoulders had caused her to be in so much pain. Upon noticing what he had done, he gradually released Jessica, hoping she could tell him more about Joan. 
I don’t know if I’m doing the right thing by telling him about her… Jessica did not know what to do anymore. She knew the news about Joan would cause Larry to lose his cool. 
Of course, the way Larry reacted was not an unexpected reaction, but Jessica was afraid that he might take it out on Jake, who had become his replacement. 
“Calm down, Larry. Listen to me first,” Jessica said. 
“Quick! Tell me!” Larry could no longer contain his emotions. 
“Stop it, Larry!” Jessica roared and brought him to the couch. Only when the man looked more composed did she begin to explain everything to him. 
“I’m going to look for Jake right now!” Larry made the decision after hearing what she said. 
In a flash, Jessica grabbed hold of him and stopped him from leaving. Acting impulsively at this point would only cause more harm than good. What if Larry pisses Joan off, and she decides to marry Jake right away? 
“Can you please calm down? Since Joan has lost her memory, we have to plan our move carefully!” Jessica finally managed to knock some sense into his head.
Larry froze by the door and went deep in thought. She’s right. Joan doesn’t remember me anymore. How can I expect her to leave Jake and come back to me? Larry went back to his seat, feeling utterly crestfallen. 
At least he managed to regain his composure and not act impulsively after knowing everything about Joan. 
“What? Have you gone mad? How could you tell Jessica about it?” Dustin reprimanded Abelyn in the living hall. 
Abelyn sat on the couch and fidgeted with her hands. On one hand, she began to question herself for telling Jessica about Joan. On the other, she was mad at Dustin for screaming at her. So what if Jessica knows about it? She hasn’t done anything overboard, and she even promised that she wouldn’t tell Larry about it. 
“Sooner or later, Larry will find out about Joan from Jessica. Can you imagine what Larry would do if he loses his mind?” Dustin raised his voice. 
Clearly, Abelyn had not thought of that. She believed Larry was not an impetuous person. Besides, even if the man found out about Joan, she believed Jessica would do her best to stop him from doing stupid things.
###Chapter 2845
Chapter 2845 
“Can you stop being a worrier? Have some faith in Larry, okay?” Abelyn pouted. 
Can’t she just stop stirring up trouble? Dustin shook his head in frustration. 
What’s the big deal? Why does he need to throw a fit like this? Abelyn tilted her head and tried to block out everything he said. 
Dustin’s worry was not completely unfounded. 
When Jessica told Larry about Joan, he got agitated at first but promised not to act on impulse. Yet, love was blind; it would make people do crazy things. 
Though Larry looked like he was concentrating on his work, deep in his heart, he was feeling all frantic. I’ve waited for a week now. I’m not going to sit here and do nothing anymore! I have to talk to Jake! I must bring Joan back! 
He then picked up his phone from the desk and left his office in haste. 
“Where are you going?” Caspian asked. 
“It’s none of your business.” 
Caspian knitted his brows upon hearing his reply. 
Something’s wrong with him. Is he going to look for Joan? Without hesitation, Caspian caught up with him. 
Soon, Larry arrived at the M Group.
Caspian instantly put his guard up. Shoots! He’s going to talk to Jake! 
Jake mustn’t know that we knew Joan is alive! I’m sure he’ll relocate Joan elsewhere to stop us from finding her! Oh, Larry. Why are you doing this? Caspian panicked and tapped on his thigh repeatedly. 
“Hi there, do you have an appointment?” the receptionist greeted Larry and stopped him from stomping into the building. 
“No.” Larry then ignored her, ready to go upstairs. 
“I’m sorry, sir. We can’t allow you to enter the building without an appointment.” The receptionist grabbed his arm to stop him from entering. 
“Scram!” Larry roared and pulled her arm away. 
The receptionist was not intimidated by the man in front of her. She continued to hold her ground and stopped him from intruding. When she finally lost her patience, she gave the security guards a call. A few guards came over and surrounded Larry. 
Who do these clowns think they are? How dare they stop me? 
“Caspian!” Larry turned around and exclaimed all of a sudden. 
That took Caspian by surprise. How did he know I’m here? He hid in a corner and wondered if he should show himself. 
“Hurry up!” Larry raised his voice once again. 
Feeling awkward, Caspian ran out and looked at him. “We should just leave, Larry.” 
Are you kidding? I came all the way here to look for an answer, and you want me to leave? No way!
“Deal with them,” Larry said, “I want to have a chat with Jake.” 
Caspian became even more alert upon hearing that. No, Larry. Don’t do this! Now it’s just not the right time! You’re just going to alarm him with your impulsive act! 
“Let’s plan this out before we act, Larry,” Caspian advised. Yet, Larry was tired of lying low and doing nothing. 
“Larry? Wow, what a surprise. Is there anything I can help with?” Jake appeared all of a sudden. 
Larry was instantly infuriated by his presence. He controlled his anger and scoffed, “Jake. You’re indeed capable of doing many things.” 
What is he trying to say? With a calm expression on his face, Jake walked up to him. 
A hard glint flashed across Caspian’s eyes. If anything went south, he would have to step in to protect Larry.
###Chapter 2846
Chapter 2846 
“I’m flattered, but there’s nothing for us to talk about. I think you should go.” Jake then added, “Oh, one more thing. I should remind you that I’m working on acquiring your company. Just in case you forgot.” He then turned around and headed upstairs. 
Larry shot a sullen glare at Jake and was about to go after him. 
However, Caspian held him back. “Come on, let’s go, Larry.” 
How dare he! A vortex of anger swirled inside Larry. On the other hand, Caspian was relieved that Jake did not give Larry a chance to speak. 
“Let me go!” Larry pushed Caspian away in frustration. Perhaps he was mad at the latter for not taking his order. 
“Are you mad? How could you confront Jake? He’ll definitely admit that he’s now with Joan,” Jessica, who had just arrived, walked up to him and gave him a stern look. “I told you not to rush it. Why can’t you listen?” 
Yet, Larry felt he did nothing wrong. He had always been a steady and righteous man who would not scheme against others. 
Jessica heaved a sigh of relief upon seeing that the two men were unhurt during the verbal exchange. She stood up and went deep in thought for a moment. “Please don’t act harshly without us, Larry. Let’s solve this problem together, okay?” She was not pleased with how impulsive he was. 
Larry looked at the woman and gave her a confused look. Why do these people keep stopping me? I’m just trying to find my wife!
Since Abelyn had told Jessica about Joan, Dustin was ready to work with them to take Jake down. But Jake seemed to have put his guard up. 
“Do you feel bored staying home?” Jake massaged Joan’s shoulders and asked. 
Yeah, I’m actually quite bored. Joan nodded as she had not stepped out of the house for quite some time now. 
“How about I send you overseas so that you can have some fun?” Jake proposed. 
That was good news to Joan. She could not wait to get out of here to take a breather. 
Joan left the country the next day while Jake continued to report duty at his office. He needed to stay in the country as he did not want to arouse any unnecessary suspicion. 
Meanwhile, over at Larry’s office, Caspian sat on the couch and asked, “So what’s the plan?” Jessica scratched the back of her head and started brainstorming a solution. 
They were in a quandary about what to do next since Joan no longer remembered anything about them. 
Larry gazed out of the window, looking utterly helpless. 
“I think we should find a way to bring Joan back,” Caspian suggested. 
Duh. Jessica nudged his arm and gave him a disdainful look. But what exactly can we do? Jake has been keeping Joan away from us! 
“I want to go and see her!” Larry said all of a sudden. 
Jessica and Caspian turned around and looked at him.
“Don’t worry. I’ll not force her to come back with me,” he added. 
They were relieved to hear that. This could be one of the solutions. Joan might fall in love with Larry once again when she sees him. Who knows, right? 
Abelyn grinned and said, “I think this might actually work. Dress smart and work your charm, Larry.” 
Dustin shot a sullen glare at her and pushed her back to the couch. 
What nonsense is she talking about? What? Haven’t you heard of love at first sight? Abelyn knitted her brows and pouted. 
At that moment, Jessica stepped in and said firmly, “You can meet Joan, but you must not let your emotions get the better of you.”
###Chapter 2847
Chapter 2847 
Larry turned around slowly and nodded at her. I can wait as long as it takes for Joan to regain her memories. 
Soon, they arrived at Jake’s villa. Jessica could not help but gasp as they reached the villa. 
“This villa must worth a fortune!” she exclaimed. 
“Ok, ok, enough with the real estate appraisal. We’re here for more important things.” Abelyn pulled her toward the villa. 
Knock! Knock! 
“Who are you? Why are you here?” one of the housemaids asked as soon as she opened the door. 
“We’re Joan’s friends. We’d like to talk to her,” Jessica explained. 
The housemaid looked at them suspiciously. She did not see anyone else behind Jessica and Abelyn. 
“I’m sorry, but Ms. Watts isn’t in.” She made a move to close the door. 
“Hey, wait. Why are you in such a rush? Where did she go?” Abelyn asked. 
The housemaid hesitated but eventually caved in. “She went overseas. She said she needed some time away to think.” 
Bang! No sooner had she finished her sentence, she slammed the door in their faces. 
Did Jake notice something was amiss? Jessica was lost in thought. They looked at each and sighed in unison. It looked like Jake had already been prepared for this.
Larry clenched his fists after witnessing the exchange. His expression was cold as ice. 
“Larry, let’s go,” Jessica coaxed Larry once she was in front of him. 
“Let’s go find Jake now,” he announced and strode off. 
We’re looking for Jake now? Abelyn stared open-mouthed at Larry’s disappearing figure. What’s the use of going to Jake? It’s not like he’ll ever tell us anything about Joan’s whereabouts. 
Yet somehow, they found themselves in front of the M Group office. 
Thanks to a large number of people in the office, they managed to barge past the receptionist into Jake’s office. Jake was in the middle of assigning tasks to his assistant, Ted. 
He put down the documents in his hand once he saw them. He waved Ted off and got up from his seat slowly. “What are you doing here?” 
“Where’s Joan? Why did you send her overseas? Someone’s feeling guilty, is he?” Larry fumed. 
Ah, I see they’ve been to the villa. They’re smarter than I thought. Jake walked toward his window as he said sarcastically, “She wanted to take a nice relaxing trip overseas. I couldn’t stop her.” 
Thank god she has gone overseas before they came looking for her. If she sees Larry now, it might jog her memory. I can’t take any chances even if she doesn’t remember him now. 
“You lowly creature! Aren’t you ashamed of yourself? How could you hide her for so long?” Jessica yelled, her words dripping with anger. 
Ashamed of myself? I saved her! She wouldn’t be alive today if it weren’t for me! What a joke! These d*mbasses can’t even tell right from wrong!
Jake returned to his desk and sat down. Arrogantly, he said, “If you’re here to look for Joan, then I’m afraid you’ve wasted your time. You’re not welcome at M Group, so please refrain from coming here ever again.” 
Jake turned his attention to his computer and began typing. 
“Y-you-” Before Abelyn could finish her sentence, Dustin had grabbed her elbow in warning, hinting at her to calm down. 
“Dustin, I must say, I’m impressed that you’re willing to tell your rival about the whereabouts of the woman you love,” Jake commented snidely. A sinister smile appeared on his face. 
Little did he know that Dustin had already let go of the matter, and his barb failed to achieve its intended effect.
###Chapter 2848
Chapter 2848 
“F*ck you, Jake. Do you think every man in the world stoops as low as you? You can only keep Joan in the dark for so long. She’ll know your true colors in the end. Just wait and see!” Abelyn blurted in a fit of desperation. 
Dumb b*tch, cursing me out! Jake tried to rein in his fury as he picked up his desk phone. “Security, I need you to escort some people out of my office.” 
“Let’s go!” Larry turned and left his office. 
Larry was flustered by the news of Joan’s overseas trip. There was nothing more for them to do but wait. Fate was, however, a funny little thing indeed. It could bring together people in the oddest of circumstances. 
“Joan?” Nancy exclaimed. 
Joan turned around when she heard her name. She spied someone staring at her intently. 
She looks familiar, but I can’t remember who she is. Is she an old friend? Joan massaged her temples in frustration as she approached Nancy. 
“Joan? Why are you here? Are you here alone? Where’s Larry? Why didn’t he come with you?” Nancy looked around them but couldn’t see Larry anywhere. 
Larry again! Joan knitted her brows. I guess I was well-acquainted with this Larry in the past! 
“Who are you? Do you know me?” Joan asked cautiously. 
Her question confounded Nancy.
Huh? What’s up with her? Why doesn’t she remember me? Did she actually lose her memories? How could that be? It’s like something straight out of a drama! 
“Joan, I’m Nancy. Nancy Barrymore. Did you forget me?” Nancy asked emotionally as she grabbed Joan’s hands. 
This did nothing to jog Joan’s memory. 
Dong! 
The bells in the church began to peal. Both women lifted their heads to stare at the church in glee. Nancy pulled Joan with her as she ran toward the church in determination. 
They happened to be in the vicinity of the church because they wanted to pray for different things. 
“Are you getting married soon?” Suddenly, a priest approached Joan. 
Joan blushed slightly at the priest’s question. He was right in a sense because she was planning to accept Jake’s proposal. Nancy perked up at the priest’s question as well. 
Are they getting remarried? Larry and Joan have been through so much together, but I guess they’re finally at the end of the tunnel. She sighed in relief as her eyes lit up with joy. 
“Miss, I would advise you to rethink your decision. Marriage is an important decision in any woman’s life; you must practice caution.” The priest’s words planted a seed of doubt in Joan’s mind. 
I guess he’s right. I feel nothing but a sense of friendliness and gratitude toward Jake. I wouldn’t have chosen love as an emotion I experience when I’m with Jake. Joan had always thought she was overthinking things, but the priest’s words dug out her old worries once more. 
Nancy, on the other hand, was fuming.
“Hey, what’s wrong with you? Why is your advice so morbid? How can you tear those two apart?” Nancy pointed at his nose as she yelled rudely at the priest. 
The priest left in a hurry at her harsh reaction. When Joan had regained her composure, she realized that the priest was nowhere to be found. 
“Hey, where did he go?” she asked anxiously. She had more questions for him. 
“Hey, Joan, just let him be. He’s just spewing a load of crap; you should ignore him! You and Larry are a match made in heaven! You’re supposed to be together forever, so don’t let his awful advice tear the two of you apart.” Nancy patted her back as if to comfort her.
###Chapter 2849
Chapter 2849 
Larry? Joan turned her head to face Nancy in an instant. 
Who said I’m marrying Larry? I’m obviously marrying Jake! What kind of nonsense is she talking about? 
Joan pushed Nancy aside as she walked deeper into the church. 
Nancy was stunned at Joan’s disgusted expression. What on earth is going on? Did I say something wrong? I mean, they’ve indeed been through a lot together. Doesn’t it make sense that they would get back together in the end? 
Nancy felt discomfited as she looked at Joan. Maybe she’s not marrying Larry after all? 
Nancy ran and caught up to Joan. 
“Joan, who are you marrying?” she asked carefully, trying not to piss her off. 
“Why should I tell you?” Joan side-eyed her. She seemed displeased with Nancy’s words earlier. 
Though she could not deny that the priest’s advice had piqued her interest. 
“Joan, what happened to you? Did I piss you off? Please don’t be mad! I’m just telling you the truth! You’re meant to be with Larry in the end.” 
“Shut up! I’m marrying Jake, not whoever it is you call Larry!” 
How can I not get pissed off when she keeps telling me that I’m marrying a man I’ve never met? I’m marrying Jake!
Nancy froze in shock. How can she marry Jake? She hates his guts! No, no, something’s definitely off. Did Jake threaten her? 
“Joan, why are you marrying Jake? Did you really forget everything between you and Larry? You should be marrying him instead!” 
Nancy was getting anxious. She could never have imagined Joan loving someone else. Wait, or did she forget Larry as well? 
“Joan, did you forget who Larry is?” she probed. 
Joan met her gaze and nodded seriously. 
Well, there was only Jake by my side when I woke up. And he’s been the only one protecting me this whole time without a single complaint. 
Nancy’s heart sank. She really forgot everyone! Except for Jake! I must help her to regain her memories. 
Nancy pulled her elbow and walked to the courtyard of the church. There was a hint of stubbornness in her eyes. 
“What are you doing? Let me go! You’re hurting me!” Joan struggled to break free. 
“Joan Watts! I’m telling you right now that you absolutely cannot marry Jake! You don’t love him at all! You’ll regret it if you marry him!” Nancy yelled at her. 
How does she know that I don’t love him at all? Joan eyed her suspiciously. Is she just testing me right now?
“Joan, don’t make this mistake. I’m begging you. Don’t force yourself. The only person you will ever love is Larry.” 
“I don’t know what you’re saying! I’ve never even met this Larry before; so, why would I love him?” Joan retorted viciously as she turned her head away. Why do they keep going on and on about this dude? Who exactly is this Larry anyway? 
She lifted her head and stared thoughtfully at the sky. 
Nancy’s worry grew as she saw the angry expression on Joan’s face. I have to tell Larry about this ASAP, or it’ll be too late. 
Nancy pulled out her phone and dialed his number. 
Beep! Beep! 
The line continued to ring as her call went unanswered for a long time. Nancy stomped on the ground in frustration. She had an overwhelming urge to toss her phone. This stupid Larry! Why is he always not reachable during emergencies? 
Joan had taken a turn around the church and was getting ready to leave. Nancy ran toward her and blocked her path. “Wait, Joan. Where are you going?”
###Chapter 2850
Chapter 2850 
What on earth is she doing? Joan began to feel impatient. 
She had already planned to let go of her past and embrace a fresh start with Jake. Even if she bumped into people from her past, she had decided to avoid them. The priest’s words had put her on guard, but it was something she wanted to mull over alone. 
“Go away. I’d like to go somewhere else now,” Joan demanded coldly. 
Why is she angry at me? Nancy became upset at Joan’s cold demeanor. Joan would never get angry at me in the past. Did Jake give her hallucinatory drugs or something? 
Suddenly, she stepped forward and placed her hand on Joan’s forehead. 
Joan hated it when strangers touched her. She flung away Nancy’s arm and scolded, “What’s wrong with you? I already said I don’t know who you are, so why are you following me around?” 
She spoke more harshly than usual so she could get Nancy off her tracks. I’m still going to think things over carefully regardless of who I’m marrying! 
Nancy, on the other hand, was drowning in awkwardness at Joan’s words. When did she become so hot-tempered? Did I really mistake her for someone else? But a stranger can’t possibly share the same face as Joan, right? No, I can’t be wrong! This has to be Joan! 
Nancy’s resolve strengthened. 
“I’m sorry. I was over the line. Miss, please don’t follow me around, ok? Let’s go our separate ways from now on,” Joan apologized and turned to leave.
Nancy’s heart pinched at the sight of Joan leaving. What kind of mess is this? She knew that Joan had recently resurfaced after having gone missing for a long time. Who knew she’d turn out like this! 
Fearful of angering her again, Nancy could only follow discreetly behind Joan. 
When Larry returned to his office and picked up his phone, he saw a few missed calls from Nancy. He called her back immediately. 
“What’s up?” he asked lightly while tidying the documents on his desk. 
“Larry, Joan is planning to marry Jake!” Nancy’s anxiety was evident. 
She met Joan? Larry’s heart soared. 
“I bumped into her on my holiday overseas. We happened to visit the same church for prayers.” As she answered Larry’s call, Nancy did not realize that she had lost track of Joan. 
“Where is she? I’ll come to get her right now!” Larry was about to dash out of his office. 
“Hold on!” Nancy shouted, panicking when she realized that Joan had disappeared. She turned around in circles, fervently hoping for a glimpse of Joan. But alas, luck was not on her side. 
“Erm, Larry? I lost her,” she mumbled regretfully. 
Larry collapsed on the sofa in his office. Hopelessness began to overwhelm him. Just when I thought I could find her again. 
I can’t just sit around like this! I’m going to find her myself! So what if she has left? 
Larry hung up. Picking up his blazer, he left his office.
“Larry, I need you to sign this,” Caspian said politely as he entered Larry’s office. Larry was, however, missing. 
Huh? Where did he go? Wasn’t he in the office? How did he disappear in the blink of an eye? Caspian scratched the back of his head in confusion. 
After a while, he sat down on the sofa. Still, Larry did not return. Caspian flipped through his call logs and dialed his number.
###Chapter 2851
Chapter 2851 
“Sorry, the number you have dialed is unavailable.” 
Huh? Did he switch off his phone? That’s totally out of character! He doesn’t switch off his phone unless he’s flying. Wait, did he go overseas? But why? 
Caspian fretted. 
The hours began to pass. Larry finally answered his phone four hours later. 
“Larry, where are you?” Caspian asked. 
“I’m overseas now. Nancy mentioned that she bumped into Joan here,” Larry explained. 
Huh? Is that information reliable? Caspian stroked his jaw in contemplation. 
In the meantime, Larry had met up with Nancy. 
“Larry!” 
“Where is she? Still missing? Are you sure it’s Joan?” Larry interrogated her. 
“Yes, a hundred percent. But Larry, Joan seems to have lost her memories,” Nancy replied morosely. 
This was old news to Larry, who barely reacted to her revelation. 
“Come on, let’s look for her.” Larry strode off. 
Unbeknownst to them, Joan was actually at the airport. Since Nancy had discovered her whereabouts, Joan no longer felt like staying overseas. She wanted to go home.
She was greeted by Jake when she arrived. “Why did you come back so quickly?” he asked gently as he pulled her into a hug. 
“I was a bit tired, so I decided to cut the trip short,” Joan answered placidly. 
There was, however, another deeper motive for her rushed return. She wanted to investigate Larry’s true identity. She knew there was nothing to gain by asking Jake about it. He’s not going to tell me the truth even if I confront him about it. He must know something about my past with Larry. 
A couple of days later, Ted approached Jake timidly in his office. “Mr. Wilson, Ms. Watts has been investigating Larry Norton.” 
Jake put down the papers in his hand and walked to the window. He clenched his fists in helplessness. She’s starting to dig into her past. 
Ted was confused by Jake’s seemingly calm facade. Slowly, he walked closer to him as he awaited Jake’s orders. 
“As long as she’s just skimming the surface, you can just let her be. Just make sure she doesn’t find out anything about her relationship with Larry,” Jake ordered as he turned around to stare at Ted, rage burning in his eyes. 
Ted could not help but shiver. He took a few steps back while agreeing to Jake’s requests. 
Joan, why must you be so stubborn? Jake sat down on a sofa and closed his eyes in frustration. Maybe I have to force her to make a choice now. 
Joan was in her room at that very moment flipping through the information she had gathered on Larry. She reviewed them in intense concentration.
“President of the Norton Corporation, cold and arrogant.” It feels like he’s quite difficult to get along with. Frowning, Joan continued to look through the materials. 
Urgh! 
Her head began to throb painfully. Why does my head hurt every time I look at Larry’s photos? She massaged her temples in an attempt to relax. 
“Joan.” Suddenly, Jake was knocking on her door. 
Acting quickly, Joan shoved all the information into a drawer and closed it. She freshened up a little before opening the door. 
“I’d like to talk to you about something,” Jake said earnestly. 
At the sight of his serious expression, Joan agreed and followed him downstairs. 
“What would you like to talk about?” she asked as she settled herself on the sofa. She also poured two glasses of water for them. 
Jake gazed at her intently, as if he was trying to suss out if she was behaving abnormally. If she’s trying to hide something from me, she’s doing a good job. She doesn’t have a tell on her face at all. 
“How have you been at home? Is everything ok?” he asked.
###Chapter 2852
Chapter 2852 
Joan nodded wordlessly, though her heart was somersaulting in her chest. She did not want anyone to find out about her investigation on Larry. She also wanted to keep Jake in the dark about her unexpected meeting with Nancy. She suspected that he would find out about it sooner or later. 
“Let’s get married!” Jake blurted. 
Joan was stunned into silence. While this moment was not wholly unexpected, she found herself hesitating. She would have agreed wholeheartedly if she had received his proposal before her overseas trip. 
I have to know why everyone keeps telling me that I should marry Larry instead of Jake! I need to know if Larry and I really shared something special in the past. 
“Jake, are you drunk? Why did you suddenly bring this up?” Joan asked hastily before gulping some water. 
Jake knew she was avoiding his question. 
“Joan, we’ve been together for a really long time. Our wedding is overdue; plus, everyone knows that you’re my fiancée.” Jake attempted to deceive her into accepting his proposal. In reality, he had not told a single soul that Joan was living with him. 
The situation was still unpredictable, and he was worried that news of his engagement would provoke Larry into taking some extreme measures in retaliation. 
I can’t underestimate Larry and his resources.
Joan lowered her head, wringing the edges of her skirts nervously. She was in a state of panic. I can’t say yes now! 
“Jake, I don’t think we know each other well enough for that,” she choked out. 
“Joan, there’s no one else in this world that knows you better than I do!” Jake cut in. 
Well, yes, that may be true, but I don’t know him well enough! Every time I try to know more about him, he clams up. 
Joan recalled how she tried to learn about his past, his job, and his hobbies. Yet, he still seemed as foreign as a stranger to her. 
Once in a while, she was struck by an inexplicable sense of fear. But then she would remind herself of Jake’s care, and she would force herself to ignore the doubts she had. 
“Joan, I’ve waited for you for a really long time. I really don’t want to wait anymore. To be honest, I’m tired. I want to have a family. I want a wife and kids,” Jake pleaded gently as his eyes shone with hope. 
Joan’s heart softened at his pleas. She had thrown her initial determination to reject his proposal out the window. Faced with his hopeful expression, her resolve weakened. I owe him my life. This is the least I can do for him. 
“Ok,” came her agreement. 
He loves me so much, so I should learn to be happy with that. After all, it’s such a small gesture in the grand scheme of things. 
“Really? Joan, do you mean it?” Jake clutched her shoulders passionately. He was all excited. 
She gave a small nod and sniffed. Her eyes welled up with tears.
“I’ll leave the planning up to you.” She stood up and walked back to the room, leaving Jake alone on the sofa. He sighed in relief. 
Finally, she agreed to marry me. 
Joan wept uncontrollably as she lay sprawled on her bed. She was confused about the immense sadness that had begun to engulf her. The only thing she knew with certainty was that she did not love Jake. She would not be this upset otherwise. 
Who is he? Who is that man embedded in the deepest corner of my heart? And that blurry figure I’ve encountered in my dreams? She pounded the blanket as her heart ached.
###Chapter 2853
Chapter 2853 
Jake didn’t go to work on the following day. 
“Why aren’t you in the office?” asked Joan as she walked down the stairs. 
“Because we’re getting our wedding photos taken today,” replied Jake happily. 
The wedding photos? Why didn’t he tell me about it? Joan instinctively backed away two steps, and Jake caught her reaction immediately. 
“Hurry and have your breakfast. We’ll be late if you don’t,” said Jake while deliberately acting like he didn’t see anything. 
“Uh, Jake, i-isn’t this moving a little too fast? I-I’m not prepared,” replied Joan hesitantly. 
“Why bother delaying? Besides, you don’t need to prepare anything,” replied Jake before he sipped his milk in the dining room. 
Joan suddenly felt estranged from everything in front of her, and that included Jake. 
“How about we just go some other day?” asked Joan carefully as she stared at the man in front of her. 
Jake put his cutleries down and wiped his lips. His expression remained calm when he said, “I’ve already made an appointment with them. It’s not really appropriate for us to go back on our words now, is it?” 
His eyes shone with determination, and for some unknown reason, Joan suddenly felt scared. Should I really marry him? Slowly but surely, Joan started to hesitate.
Jake stood up when he saw how scared she was. He walked slowly to her and held her hand tightly. It was as if he was scared of her fleeing. 
“What’s wrong? Do you regret your decisions and want to back out?” asked Jake. His eyes shone with immense suspicion at that moment. 
“No!” replied Joan immediately while shaking her head. 
How could I go back on my words when he loves me that much? 
In the end, the two of them went to the studio to have their wedding photos taken. 
Joan was staring at her phone when the car was parked beside the entrance of the studio. She refused to get out of the car, even though it had been parked for a while. Jake scanned the woman in front of him and waited for her. 
Will she never get out of the car if I don’t call out to her? 
Jake suddenly got close to Joan. His sexy lips were mere inches away from hers when Joan immediately opened the door and hopped out of the car. 
She’s still so nervous. 
Jake grinned bitterly. He concealed his emotions and held her hand before walking into the studio. 
The owner of the studio came to greet them warmly as soon as they entered the place. 
“Hi, Mr. Wilson. Ah, so this is the famous Ms. Watts. You are as beautiful as they claim you are. Come quick. I have specially put away a few wedding gowns for you. Please come and take a look, Ms. Watts,” said the owner excitedly. 
Joan looked at the owner. She suddenly felt so awkward that she didn’t know what to say.
“You may leave now. I’ll go check the gowns out with her,” informed Jake. 
The people surrounding them left soon after. Joan and Jake became the only ones left there. They looked at each other. Both were keeping things to themselves, and neither was willing to start that conversation. 
Jake knew that Joan didn’t love him and didn’t want to marry him, but he had no choice. He loved her too much, and his desire to have her would never change. 
“Let’s go. I’ll take you over so you can try out the wedding gowns,” said Jake as he led her away. 
“Ah…” blurted Joan. She wanted to speak up, but she couldn’t bring herself to do so. 
What beautiful gowns… thought Joan. She stared at the wedding gowns that the owner had put away for her and grinned instinctively. It was as if she had forgotten about how she was about to marry Jake. 
Larry would love me in gowns like that, thought Joan as her eyes glowed. 
Wow, wait! Why did I suddenly think of the name ‘Larry’? Joan shook her head right away to try to clear her mind. I must have gone nuts! Why am I thinking about a stranger at a time like this? 
Joan quickly turned around to force herself to calm down. 
“What’s wrong?” asked Jake sweetly before he slowly pulled her into his arms. 
“I’m fine,” answered Joan uncertainly. If Jake finds out that I was thinking about Larry, he would nag me again. Gah, forget it. I’ll just do as Jake asked.
###Chapter 2854
Chapter 2854 
Joan knew all too well that it didn’t matter if they were married or not. Jake would never hurt her. Hence, in a way, marrying the man in front of her was a smart choice. 
The only shortcoming was that she couldn’t love Jake, but he didn’t seem to care about that. That’s right. All Jake cared about was owning Joan. He wanted her to spend the rest of her life with him. 
“Come, try this on. I think it suits you well,” said Jake as he handed a wedding gown to her. 
Joan was stunned for a moment when she held the wedding gown. She later turned around and entered the changing room. 
The white wedding gown, her stunning complexion… Everything looked simple yet elegant, and when she left the changing room, Jake was flabbergasted. 
That was Joan Watts, the woman who was going to be the most beautiful bride and his wife. 
Jake clenched his fists to try to calm his nervous feeling. 
“What do you think? Is it good?” asked Joan after she turned around to face him. 
“Y-yeah, it’s great. I-it’s perfect,” replied Jake quickly. 
Joan couldn’t help giggling when she saw him stuttering like that. Still, she felt a little sorrowful deep down. 
“Let’s go have our photos taken now,” suggested Jake. He held her arms and walked out of there immediately after. 
Everyone was stunned when the two of them exited after changing their clothes.
“Oh, my gosh! You two are such a beautiful couple. You’re gonna get everyone jealous,” said the owner loudly and exaggeratedly, “What are you guys standing around for? Quick. Let’s start shooting.” 
The workers instantly started working away. 
Jake nodded satisfactorily at the owner. 
“Mr. Wilson, Ms. Watts, is there anything else you need? Please feel free to ask me,” informed the owner politely. 
“No, we’re fine. Just go ahead with your work,” replied Joan immediately while shaking her hands. She was quick to reject his offer because she simply couldn’t stand the owner constantly buttering her up like that. 
Ah-choo! 
Larry suddenly sneezed while inside his office. What’s going on? Did I catch a cold? Larry stood up and stretched a little. 
Bang! Nancy barged into the room at that moment. 
“Larry, we have to come up with something quick,” said Nancy. Her voice carried a hint of worry when she spoke. What will Larry do if Joan marries Jake? What about the love between Joan and Larry? Nancy paced around in the office and was a little angry. 
“She suddenly went missing that day, and the problem is that we have no idea where she is now,” said Larry before sighing deeply. He looked frustrated. If I know where she is, I will take her away without hesitation. 
“Maybe she has returned to the country?” guessed Nancy.
“That is not likely,” replied Larry softly while shaking his head. Jake mentioned that she left the country to clear her mind, and she would need more than just a few days to do that. What got Larry stumped, however, was why Jake was being so generous. Why would he let Joan go overseas on her own to clear her mind? 
Larry didn’t know that Jake actually secretly sent someone to keep Joan safe. 
The atmosphere in the room started to turn stuffy. 
At that moment, on the other side of the street, Jessica and Abelyn were tailing and spying on Jake. Unfortunately, they were both tricked. 
Jake knew that they would be following him around, so he loaned his car to his assistant. 
“What’s going on? Why did he park the car in that neighborhood?” asked Abelyn after scanning the surroundings. 
This neighborhood is designed for the common folks, so why… 
F*ck! He tricked us! Abelyn stomped her foot angrily as she glared at Jake’s assistant, who was standing some distance away. 
Jessica remained seated in the car. She still hadn’t figured out what had happened out there. 
“Let’s go,” said Abelyn as soon as she got into the car. 
“Huh? Where are we going? We should keep tailing Jake,” refuted Jessica right away to stop Abelyn from leaving.
###Chapter 2855
Chapter 2855 
“Tail my a*s! We lost him ages ago. The driver was never Jake. It was his assistant. The guy tricked us!” 
Abelyn’s voice carried a hint of fury. Gah, I never thought that annoying b*stard, Jake, would do something like this! Darn it, where is he now? 
Jessica stared out the window and got lost in her own thoughts. 
Something’s not right. Jake won’t play tricks like this for no reason. There is only one rational explanation as to why he is so wary of us. He must be doing something that he doesn’t want others to find out. 
I hope it is not related to Joan! 
“Oh, no. Abelyn, we have to go to Joan right away!” shouted Jessica who grabbed Abelyn’s arm right away. 
Abelyn turned around and stared curiously at Jessica. The former didn’t understand why the latter suddenly became so agitated. Did she figure something out? “Jessica, what conclusion have you come to?” 
“I suspect that Jake has already done something to Joan,” replied Jessica firmly. 
She was a businesswoman, after all, so she was more attuned to tricks and was wary of them. Abelyn used to work as a businesswoman as well, but she depended heavily on her family to make things work.
Despite their revelation, one question remained. How do we find Joan? Neither had any idea how to solve the issue. 
Abelyn shrugged at Jessica. 
Jake will force Joan to marry him as soon as possible… Okay, what do they need to do before the wedding? Jessica closed her eyes and tried to figure it out. 
They’d need to have their wedding photos taken! 
Jessica finally got something, but there were too many wedding studios around, so… Which studio are they in? Anxiety instantly engulfed Jessica as she tried to narrow the list down. 
“Alright, calm down. Analyze everything slowly,” advised Abelyn to comfort Jessica. 
Jake is a powerful man, so he would choose a luxurious studio… Jessica’s eyes suddenly flung open, and excitement donned her face. She thought that she had guessed which wedding studio they went to, but the truth was that Jake had already anticipated that. 
That’s right. Joan and Jake went to one of the most ordinary wedding studios out there to prevent anyone else from finding them. Even Joan herself was curious as to why Jake took her to a place that plain. What they didn’t know was that the attendants and the wedding gowns had all been changed. Every gown was of top quality, and every attendant was very professional. 
“How is it? Are you feeling okay?” asked Jake as he caressed Joan’s hair and got close to her cheek. 
“Y-yeah, I’m fine,” replied Joan after hesitating for a moment. 
Jake was delighted when he saw the woman he loved looking so stunning. It was as if a flower had bloomed within his heart. He was eager and wanted to marry that beautiful bride that very night, but he knew that he couldn’t act too impulsively.
He knew that Joan would get suspicious if he behaved that way. 
“Joan, what kind of wedding would you prefer? Grand and luxurious? Or simple but nice?” asked Jake. Truth was, he already knew what her response would be. 
Joan had never enjoyed being in a crowd, so there was no way she would choose to have an extravagant wedding. 
“Let’s keep it simple,” replied Joan shyly while having her head down. 
“Then, let’s have a wedding overseas,” suggested Jake. 
One sentence was all it took to alert Joan. Why would he suddenly want to have the wedding overseas? Is it really just to keep things simple? Or is he trying to avoid someone? 
Joan stared curiously at the man in front of her as suspicion rose. She didn’t know why, but she suddenly wanted to meet up with the guy named Larry. 
“Ah…” yelped Joan while clutching her chest. 
“What is it, Joan? Do you feel unwell?” asked Jake as he carried her and walked to the resting area some distance away. 
Joan rested on the sofa and panted with her eyes closed. She looked so pale that it worried him. 
How did she suddenly turn pale? I’ve never her like this before… Jake was heartbroken as he stared at the woman in front of him. 
Did my words trigger her and cause her emotions to run wild? But… she has already taken the wedding photos with me, so she should be ready for the next step, right?
###Chapter 2856
Chapter 2856 
“Joan, are you alright? Do you feel better now? Should I get a doctor over?” 
“No, there’s no need for that, Jake. I’ll be fine after I’ve rested,” replied Joan as she wiped the sweat off of her forehead. 
Has she not fully recovered? Jake’s gaze slowly turned less lively. 
Ring! Ring! 
“Hi, Mr. Wilson. Jessica and Abelyn have discovered your trick,” reported Jake’s assistant carefully. 
Huh… so they’re not total idiots. Jake massaged his neck and grinned amusingly. 
“They have left and seem to be checking out different wedding studios. I’m not sure which studio they’d be heading to, though. It looks they have not decided which wedding studio to go to yet,” added the assistant. 
Where else would they go? They’re definitely going to the more luxurious places! Jake narrowed his eyes a little as he looked out the window. He was secretly pleased. 
Joan was sitting at the side and scrutinizing his expression to try to figure out what was going on. Unfortunately, Jake was too vigilant, and Joan couldn’t read anything out of him. 
Jake hung up soon after. He turned around, walked to the sofa and asked, “We’ve already finished shooting the wedding photos, so let’s head home, okay?” 
“Okay,” replied Joan before she nodded. Still, she didn’t understand why she was a little scared when she saw how calm Jake looked.
On the other side of town, Jessica and Abelyn were running around and looking for Joan in different, luxurious wedding studios. The two ladies looked exhausted by then. 
“Jessica, could it be that you made a mistake? Maybe she hasn’t returned to the country yet,” said Abelyn as she panted with her hands on her waist. 
Did I really make a mistake? Jessica suddenly started questioning herself. 
“Huh? Hey, Ms. Zimmers. Hi, Ms. Chipman,” greeted Jake as he walked over to them. He looked mischievous at that moment. 
His sudden appearance got the two ladies to jump in surprise. Abelyn tugged at Jessica’s shirt to help her get up. 
“Why do the two of you look so tired?” asked Jake to deliberately taunt them. His tone even carried a hint of glee at their miserable state. 
This is all because of you, assh*le! Abelyn gritted her teeth and looked furiously at him. 
Jessica, on the other hand, gathered herself and got herself composed before heading over to Jake with an evil expression on. She threatened, “Don’t gloat, Jake. There is no saying who Joan will end up marrying, so you better pray that you can keep her hidden because we will not show you any mercy.” 
“Oh, I’m not worried about that at all. She is and will always be mine,” declared Jake firmly with his fist tightened. 
“Let’s go,” said Jessica before she dragged Abelyn and left the place. 
These two are such busybodies. Joan and Larry are the people involved and they should be the ones to solve the issues between themselves. Yet, these idiots are butting in for no reason. Fine, if that is how you girls want to play it, then I won’t hold back either.
Jake’s eyes exuded a chilling aura as he watched the ladies walk away. 
The two ladies wrecked their brains, but they couldn’t figure out where Joan was at that moment. Both looked lost as they rested on the sofa. 
“Why are the two of you so upset? What happened?” asked Caspian as he hurried over. He massaged Jessica’s head for her and sounded worried when he spoke. 
What else could have happened? This is all because of that j*rk, Jake! Abelyn turned around and sighed sadly. She looked extremely helpless. 
“We were tailing Jake…” replied Jessica sadly. 
Ah, so that’s what it is, thought Caspian. He was a little heartbroken when he looked at the woman he loved. 
“Don’t waste your energy and time like that again. Just leave these things to men like us,” advised Caspian sweetly while knocking lightly on her head. 
There was no difference between a man and a woman as far as Jessica was concerned, though. Besides, Joan is my bff. I can’t just sit idly by. 
“Abelyn? What got you in this shape? Did someone bully you?” asked Dustin before he rushed to her side.
###Chapter 2857
Chapter 2857 
“Yes, someone did,” replied Abelyn firmly, “That good-for-nothing Jake bullied both Jessica and me.” 
Uh… Dustin was momentarily taken aback. He was quick to regain his footing, though Oh, I thought Caspian was the one who bullied her… 
Larry entered the room slowly. He looked burdened like he had a weight on his heart. He was a little worried about Joan’s wellbeing. More than that, he worried that Jake would take advantage of Joan in her current state. 
Joan has always been a sympathetic and innocent woman. She will be tricked if that assh*le, Jake, put on a pitiful expression. She’s even more vulnerable now that she has lost her memories. 
“Larry, where should we start searching for Joan?” asked Caspian immediately and anxiously. 
Where do we begin? I don’t know either! Larry tilted his head up. He closed his eyes and looked so devastated that everyone looked away in response. They felt bad for him. 
“She might already be married to Jake by the time we found her,” murmured Larry suddenly. Those words got everyone to panic. 
No, that can never happen! Dustin gritted his teeth and looked unsettled. 
“Larry, are we really going to just sit here and do nothing? Isn’t there anything we can do?” asked Jessica softly. Her voice was trembling a little at that moment. 
What else can we do? Larry honestly had no idea what else they could do.
“How about we spy on Jake’s villa and wait? Regardless of where Joan is now, she will return to that villa eventually, right?” suggested Dustin firmly. 
Those words made sense. Jessica tapped the guy’s shoulder lightly and grinned. Similarly, Larry’s eyes glowed with hope, but that hope faded soon after. Jake is smarter than that. He would’ve already anticipated it. 
“Great, then it’s decided. We will hang out near Jake’s villa tomorrow and find a spot to spy on it. Our mission will be to find Joan,” announced Abelyn in a very sincere tone. 
Among the people in the room, some have not known Joan for long, but every single one of them cared for Joan. They wanted what was best for her. 
Larry was touched when he saw how determined everyone was. 
“Hey, aren’t you people being a little too mean? How can you not count me in for something like this?” complained Nancy suddenly as she barged in. 
Yep, they did not invite Nancy to the meeting, nor did they include her in their discussion sessions. The reason behind that was simple. She was a mother and needed to prioritize her child. 
“Calm down, Nancy. We’ll go look for Joan. All you have to do is stay home and take care of the baby,” said Abelyn, who had run over and hugged Nancy’s arm. 
“What the hell? Do you guys even take me as a part of the gang? Seriously, that is f*cked up! I am someone who values friendship so I want to help, okay? Besides, I have access to valuable information,” shared Nancy after clearing her throat. 
Everyone gathered around her after hearing what she said. They stared at her with anticipation.
Seeing those eager, familiar faces around her, Nancy crossed her arms and deliberately made them wait. 
In the end, some of them finally lost their patience. 
“Oy, speak up, Nancy Barrymore. What do you know?” demanded Caspian loudly while lightly shoving her shoulder. 
Oh, how dare he talk to me in that tone? I knew it. Men turn around and ignore their ex as soon as they found someone new! thought Nancy. She glared over once before harrumphing and continued making them wait. 
“Come on, Nancy. Please tell us,” begged Jessica. 
“Ah, alright, alright. I heard from the news from Jory, but it looks like Joan and Jake have already confirmed their union. They even finished shooting their wedding photos and are planning for the wedding now,” answered Nancy carefully and softly as she examined Larry’s expression. 
The aura in the room turned strange after Nancy uttered those words. It was as if even the air itself had frozen in place. Everyone simultaneously shifted their gaze to Larry. Heartache and pity shone in their eyes.
###Chapter 2858
Chapter 2858 
“Unfortunately, I have no idea when and where their wedding will take place,” added Nancy. 
My worst nightmare is coming true! An evil glow flashed past Larry’s eyes. 
At that moment, Joan was sitting on the sofa and flipping through the wedding photos that she had just taken. She was a little out of it. Jake is the one in the photos, but why is the blurry figure of another man occupying my mind now? 
Joan knocked her own head hard to try to clear her mind. My fiancé is Jake Wilson! She tried to reaffirm her thoughts as she gripped the wedding photos. 
Jake was in the backyard and had witnessed everything that happened in the living room. He slowly approached Joan and held her tightly in his arms. Anxiety was burning wilder and wilder in his heart. He felt as if Joan was dry sand in his hand, and the tighter he tried to hold on to her, the quicker she was slipping away from him. 
“What’s wrong? Are you unwell?” asked Jake softly as he rested beside her. 
“Huh? Oh, it’s just a headache. Don’t worry. I’ll be fine after I’ve rested,” answered Joan with a smile. Unfortunately, her smile looked ever so fake and forced. 
Headache? That is not a good sign! Jake’s guard was instantly up. A menacing aura showed on his face as he thought, Did she recall something? 
“Talk to me, Joan. Did you recall something?” asked Jake carefully as he scrutinized the woman in front of him.
Why is he suddenly so worried? Joan tilted her head and looked into his eyes. She was suspicious. Is he scared of me regaining my memory? 
“Jake, I think I’m remembering a guy called Larry,” answered Joan. She was deliberately being vague because she wanted to see how the man in front of her would react. 
She was right. Jake panicked when he heard that name, and the anxiety was killing him. How will this wedding move on if she remembers who Larry is? No, wait, is she testing the waters? Why does she look so alert? 
Jake quickly adjusted his stance and revert to his usual composure. 
“Looks like your memory is returning slowly. That’s good. I believe that there will come a day when you remember everything, including our past together,” lied Jake. 
Our past? Joan turned around and stopped facing him. Did we really have a pleasant past together? 
“Alright, Joan. We should get our wedding invitation ready,” reminded Jake as he stroked her back. 
Oh, he’s right. We should start sending those wedding invitations out. I wonder if Jake will send Larry an invitation. Joan got lost in her thoughts as she stared at Jake’s back. 
Naturally, Jake planned on inviting Larry to the wedding. I want him to suffer and watch as the woman he loves marries another man! Jake looked out the window and seemed somewhat indifferent. 
There is nothing more painful than watching the woman you love marry someone else. 
“Everything is ready, Mr. Wilson,” reported a housemaid with her head down. Jake waved his hand to dismiss her before he walked to Joan and held her hand to lead her to the study. 
“Joan, let’s fill in our guests’ names ourselves,” suggested Jake in a whisper.
Joan turned quiet before nodding. The only name that came to her mind was Larry. 
The so-called guests, however, would not be attending their wedding that would be held overseas. They were simply invited to the wedding reception to be held in the country. 
Joan seemed focused as she carefully wrote the guests’ names on the invitation cards. 
“Jake,” called out Joan all of a sudden. 
Jake put his pen down right away and turned to her before asking, “What is it? Are you unwell?” 
“Uh, I was just thinking. Should we send an invitation to the people who came looking for me earlier?” asked Joan carefully. For some unknown reason, she was a little scared about it.
###Chapter 2859
Chapter 2859 
Hatred instantly flashed past Jake’s eyes. So she hasn’t forgotten about them, huh? Could it be… Is she really that eager to regain her memories and go back to them? 
Jake clenched his fists as his gaze turned sharp. Oh, my dear Joan. Even after everything, I still can’t get your heart, huh? 
“Well, that depends on you. If you want them to come to our wedding, then we’ll send them an invitation,” replied Jake. 
“Were you not planning on inviting them? Are they not your friends?” 
Of course not! thought Jake, who was trying to suppress his emotions, They are and will always be my enemy. 
“I know them, but we’re not close,” answered Jake with a smile. A strange glow was hidden within that smile, though. 
Joan didn’t know why, but she was scared when dealing with the man in front of her. 
At that moment, everyone looked nervous as they strategized inside Larry’s office. 
“Hey, what’s going on? Why is everyone here?” asked Della as she entered the room. She looked ever so excited and gleeful. 
This b*tch! She must have some malicious intentions for coming over, thought Jessica as she glared over. After that, she turned her head and ignored Della completely. 
“What are you doing here?” demanded Larry directly and in a hostile voice.
“I came to see how you’re doing. I heard that you have been busy looking for Joan lately,” commented Della in an amused tone. 
Her words got everyone to turn their attention to her. Does she know something we don’t? Jessica sprang up instantly. Anticipation donned her face. 
“What did you hear? Tell us!” demanded Jessica without holding back. 
Della walked to the sofa and sat down. She looked proud when she opened her purse and fished an invitation card out of it. 
“Here. Jake just sent me an invitation to his wedding. What’s wrong? Did you not get yours?” asked Della. She had her eyes on Larry and deliberately kept her voice loud when she spoke. 
Wow, they’re moving fast! Larry snatched the invitation card from her and examined it carefully. As promised, the names written on the car were Jake’s and Joan’s. 
Larry couldn’t handle it for a moment there. He stumbled onto the sofa and looked downright stunned. 
“Oh, my gosh! Is Joan really going to marry Jake?” blurted Abelyn in surprise. 
Everyone was infuriated by that invitation, but Della looked relaxed about it. 
“Where is she? Where is Joan now?” demanded Larry in a trembling voice as he grabbed Della’s arm. 
Has this idi*t gone insane? Is it really necessary to behave this way because of Joan Watt? Della pushed and broke free from his grasp before standing up. Her entire body was close to his. 
“How would I know?” growled Della before her high heels clicked and took her away.
Everyone else felt defeated as they stared at that beautiful invitation card. Larry picked up a cigarette and lit it up. He remained quiet the entire time. 
“Let’s go crash that wedding,” shouted Caspian suddenly. 
Jessica nudged him right away. She glared at him and signaled for him to shut up. Crashing a wedding is no simple matter. Besides, given Jake’s style, he must’ve already prepared for something like that. 
Jessica headed over to Larry to say some comforting words. She worried that he would act impulsively and do something detrimental to himself. 
“Calm down, Larry. Let’s think about it. We might still be able to turn things around.” 
Turn things around? How? Is that even possible? Larry scoffed. The aura he exuded was downright terrifying. Jake Wilson, you’ve really done it this time! 
Larry put out the cigarette he had with him before getting up and leaving. 
Oh, no! He’s not going to look for Jake, is he? Jessica chased after him immediately. 
“Dustin, what do we do now?” asked Abelyn in a disappointed tone. She was so nervous that she was punching his chest a little. She had been worried about Larry and Joan for a while. 
Perhaps it’s not their destiny to be together. Maybe some things are simply out of our hands, thought Dustin as he sighed.
###Chapter 2860
Chapter 2860 
“Calm down, Larry. What are you going to do?” asked Jessica loudly in a worried tone as she followed closely behind Larry. 
What else can I do? I’m going to Jake’s place! Larry forged ahead firmly. He looked insanely cold at that moment. I will get to the bottom of it all. If Joan hasn’t returned to the country, how are they going to have a wedding? 
Larry got into his car and sped down the road. 
The entrance to Jake’s villa was eerily quiet. Even the beach was pitifully empty. 
Why does everything seem so strange? Jessica slowly approached the villa to try to eavesdrop on anything from inside the villa. 
“Jessica,” hissed Caspian from some distance away. 
They had gathered together and were ready to implement their plan. 
Nancy quickly cut a few holes in her clothes and shoved some chilies down her throat. Tears instantly rolled down her eyes. 
Yep, she was deliberately making herself look terrible. 
“Okay, I’m going to head in first. You guys act accordingly,” instructed Nancy as she hurried over to the rest of them. 
The rest of the gang were strangely firm when they nodded in agreement.
“Help, someone help! Please, help me,” shouted Nancy suddenly while crying. She ran all the way to the villa and was pounding on the door. 
Joan got up immediately to open the door after hearing that commotion. However, the housemaid stopped her from the side. 
“Calm down, Ms. Watts. I’ll go check things out,” informed the housemaid before forcing Joan to sit back down. After that, the housemaid turned around and left to go open the door. 
Dang, this housemaid is acting ridiculously proud. 
Suspicion rose within Joan when she watched the figure heading towards the door. She would not dare to behave that way with me if Jake hadn’t ordered her to do so… but why was Jake being so cautious? 
“Please help me. Someone is chasing after me,” begged Nancy as soon as the door was opened. She flung into the housemaid’s arms and cried like a child. 
The housemaid seemed frightened by Nancy’s state, so with a distasteful expression on, the former pushed the latter away immediately. 
“You should go to the police if someone is after you. Why did you come here?” growled the housemaid fiercely as she straightened her clothes. 
This b*tch! She’s actually going to let me die? I can’t believe she’s the one who has been hanging out with Joan all this time. Fury burned within Nancy. This housemaid is not an easy opponent. I guess Jake is prepared for this ambush. 
“Oh, please. Let me hide in here for a while. This is a luxurious place with great security systems. I’m sure the men chasing after me won’t dare to barge in,” said Nancy while trying to break through and enter the living room.
The housemaid panicked right away. 
“Hey, hold it right there. Get Ms. Watts back to her room now!” 
Huh? Is someone calling for me? The woman in the living room slowly got up from the sofa. She was about to head to the entrance when a few young housemaids suddenly appeared and led her up the stairs. 
“What are you doing? Why are you pushing me?” demanded Joan as she struggled. 
“We’re so sorry, Ms. Watts, but we have guests in the house. As the bride who is about to get married, no one can see you living in your future husband’s place. It’s our tradition,” lied a young housemaid to hide the truth. 
What kind of freaking tradition is that? Joan stood beside the window angrily. She looked utterly displeased. 
Jake never told me about this tradition. If that is the case, then I can move out of the house! Joan’s eyes shone with delight. 
“Please watch yourself, miss. You are barging into a private residence!” So what? There isn’t a thing in the world that I, Nancy Barrymore, am afraid of! 
Nancy turned around slowly and feigned being awkward when she scratched the back of her head. Her tone was much nicer when she spoke again. 
“Ah, come on. Please, just let me stay for a while. I will leave as soon as the people chasing after me are gone,” promised Nancy sweetly as she swung the housemaid’s arm. 
Nancy truly was a champion for being coquettish and annoying.
Perhaps Nancy was simply too annoying, but the housemaid eventually caved and led her to the living room. “Sit there and don’t go anywhere else,” instructed the housemaid as she pointed at the outdoor stool some distance away.
###Chapter 2861
Chapter 2861 
Those words got Nancy to grin in secret. 
The housemaid monitored Nancy for a long while before deciding that the latter would behave. The former left after that. 
That is one vigilant housemaid! Nancy turned around and scanned her surroundings to try to learn something, but she couldn’t see any signs of Joan being there, no matter how hard she tried. 
That’s strange. Is Joan really still staying overseas? That doesn’t seem possible either. Jake has already sent out the wedding invitations, and the big day is right around the corner. How could she not be back? 
Wait, when I first barged into the living room, I think I heard the housemaid say something like Ms. Watts… Hold on. Did they hide Joan away? 
Oh my gosh, these people are so despicable. I can’t believe they would go as low as that! Looks like Joan has no real power or authority under this roof. 
Naturally, Jake had deliberately made things that way. 
Joan looked out the window from her room. She yawned and stretched a little as a sense of sleepiness ambushed her. She was about to turn around when she suddenly saw a figure on the first floor. 
Huh… That’s strange. Why does that woman seem so familiar? I feel like I’ve met her before… 
Joan stared at that woman for a long time, but she still couldn’t recall who Nancy was, so she gave up soon after. She retired to her bed and closed her eyes.
“You can leave now. I just peeked, and no one is outside,” said the housemaid rudely after approaching Nancy. 
Wow, this woman is strict. She acts as if she is the owner of the house, thought Nancy. She pursed her lips and looked utterly dissatisfied. 
“Err, those men must be lurking somewhere near. I’m certain they haven’t left. Trust me. Look at the state I am in. If they catch me again…” said Nancy. She deliberately trailed off to cry a little. 
“Alright, alright, you can stay for two more hours, but you must leave immediately after,” said the housemaid before she left. 
Hmm… two hours. That’s enough for me to find Joan. Nancy tilted her head up, and an amused smirk crept up on her lips. 
Most houses were designed so that the master bedroom was on the second floor. As far as Jake is concerned, Joan is already the lady of the house, so he must’ve gotten her a room on the second floor. 
Staring at the open window on the second floor, Nancy grinned. She was strategizing a way to sneak past the housemaids and go to the second floor. 
Except these housemaids are too smart to fool. I will not be able to reach the second floor all on my own. I will need some help from the others. 
Upon coming to that conclusion, Nancy fished out the phone she hid in her sleeves and secretly texted Larry. 
“We have to help out now,” said Larry as he read Nancy’s text. Everyone else straightened their backs and was waiting for Larry’s instructions. 
It took less than five minutes for a few strange men to walk to them.
“We’re ready, Mr. Norton,” reported the strange man as he cracked his knuckles. 
“Go on then. Be careful,” replied Larry. Soon after, the strangers armed themselves with weapons and went to Jake’s villa. 
Larry had already made things clear, so they would not hurt or kill anyone. 
Bang! Bang! Bang! 
Inside the room, Joan was woken up by the urgent and loud banging on the door. Nancy, on the other hand, grinned when she heard the knocking on the door. 
Something is up. The housemaid went to the backyard before she hurried over to the front door a few minutes later. 
That’s strange. Shouldn’t her first instinct be to open the door? Why did she go to the backyard first? Nancy frowned. She sensed that something was off. 
“Hi, who are you looking for?” asked the housemaid who was pretending to be polite after she answered the door. 
“Did a strange woman come by just now?” 
Ah, so they’re looking for the irritating kid who insisted on staying and hiding here… thought the housemaid. Nancy was already out of the housemaid’s line of sight by then.
###Chapter 2862
Chapter 2862 
That irritating kid is smart. She hid away before anyone got close to her. 
“Sorry mister, but no one came by earlier,” replied the housemaid hurriedly with a smile. 
“Stop f*cking lying! My men saw her barge in with their own eyes. Hand her over now or we will crush this place!” 
The man sounded fierce and did not leave any room for negotiation whatsoever. 
Where did that irritating kid go? The housemaid scanned the surroundings and felt rather uneasy. 
“How about this, mister? I will go ask the others if they have seen any woman barging into the house. I’ll get back to you later. Please wait here patiently,” replied the housemaid before she turned around and left. 
Looks like I will have to hand the lady over to them. The last thing I want is to trouble my employer. 
“Hurry! Find that irritating kid and hand her over to them so that they’ll leave quickly.” 
Nancy was hiding in the washroom at that moment and was sitting on the toilet while playing on her phone. She looked so relaxed. 
She had already guessed that those old hags would hand her over, so she was ready for them and hid away before they could do so. 
Joan exited the room and checked what happened on the ground floor. No one was around. 
She got curious, so she hurried down the stairs and saw the vile-looking men waiting by the door.
“Who are you? What are you doing in my house?” asked Joan nervously. Anyone with a brain could tell that those men standing by the door were not gentlemen. 
“Butt out, we’re here for someone else,” roared the leader loudly. 
“Ms. Watts, what are you doing here? You’re not supposed to stay here now. Please return to your room,” informed the housemaid as she pushed Joan toward the living room. 
I just took a nap. How did things change so drastically within that short time? What happened? Where is Jake? Why isn’t he home yet? 
“Ms. Watts, you should not be involved with things like these. Please return to your room.” 
“No, you must tell me what’s going on now! I have the right to know,” demanded Joan loudly. She was feeling too nervous at that moment. 
That’s Joan’s voice! thought Nancy. She sprang up from the toilet right away. 
Bang! 
Her head accidentally hit the washroom’s door. 
Ouch! Nancy rubbed her head a little. She was quick to get her phone out to text Larry. 
Good thing I didn’t cause a racket when I hit my head. If that housemaid had heard me, things would turn complicated. Nancy was excited as she watched her text being sent. 
I finally found you, Joan! 
Ring! Larry’s phone suddenly rang.
“Joan is in there,” blurted Larry excitedly. 
Everyone around instantly cheered. 
“Calm down, calm down! Get more men over quickly,” reminded Dustin. 
Larry nodded. He immediately dialed a number and instructed, “Come here at once. Remember to gather more people.” 
This show is getting more and more exciting, thought Jessica as she looked at the villa some distance ahead. She was excited as she shifted her hair and paid attention to everything that was playing out in front of her. 
Jake Wilson, do you really take us as fools? 
Soon, another batch of men gathered at Jake’s villa’s entrance. 
The housemaid in charge couldn’t handle it when she saw all the men there. She scolded, “You useless pigs. How difficult is it to locate a person?” 
“I’m sorry, mister, but I’ve interrogated everyone, and no one saw any woman barging into the place. Maybe you should look elsewhere?” suggested the housemaid. 
We have some men stationed in the backyard, but the intruders have way more men with them. If both sides get into a battle, we will be the ones who will lose out. 
“Is that so? Hah! I bet you’re lying. Boys, search the place!”
###Chapter 2863
Chapter 2863 
With a wave of his hand, the leader signaled the men behind him to charge into the living room. Upstairs, chaos erupted. 
The housemaid blew a whistle. Very soon, the staff members stationed in the backyard came forward. 
“Oh, looks like you guys are already prepared!” 
“That’s a given. Do you think we’ll let you despicable rats go without a fight?” the housemaid shouted back. 
“Show no mercy! This is our turf! Attack!” With a single command from the housemaid, the battle at Jake’s villa spiraled out of control. 
Nancy heard the ruckus coming from the yard. Quietly, she stepped out of the bathroom. 
Sh*t, the fight has started! Though she was somewhat thrilled by the turn of events, she managed to contain herself. No, this is not the time. I have to find Joan! But where is she? 
“Joan!” Nancy made her way upstairs, calling Joan’s name. 
The fact was, Joan had fainted and been taken elsewhere before the whole commotion started. It was all the housemaid’s doing. In order to save time, the housemaid did not bother arguing with her and made her swallow a pill instead, which resulted in her loss of consciousness. 
Wait, something’s not right. This is her room, but she’s not in here. Where has she gone? As the fight continued outside, Nancy went room to room in search of Joan. She checked the study and Jake’s room, but the woman was nowhere to be found.
At last, she came across a locked cellar. 
Without hesitation, she ran to the kitchen, picked up a random knife and began hacking fiercely at the latch. 
Desperate times call for desperate measures. There was nothing a woman would not resort to if it could save herself and her loved ones. 
“Ah!” 
Nancy screamed. She had been reckless with the knife and had accidentally cut her finger. Blood started dripping from the wound. 
Nevertheless, she managed to destroy the latch in the end. She was lucky that Jake’s household came equipped with the best knives money could buy. 
She opened the door to find Joan leaning against the wall. She was asleep, and she looked awfully pale. 
“Joan! Joan, wake up! It’s me, Nancy!” She gently patted Joan on the cheeks as she shouted her name, trying to probe a reaction, but Joan did not stir at all. 
Left with no other options, Nancy decided to carry the unconscious woman on her back. The move exhausted all her strength, but she eventually made her way out of the cellar. What now? It’s chaotic outside, we can’t go out that way! Damn it! I guess I have to call Larry for help. 
“Hey, Larry. I need help. It’s chaos out there. Joan might get hurt,” Nancy pleaded anxiously. 
Larry hung up the phone after receiving her message. He put on the hat and mask he had brought with him and barged into the place.
“Larry!” Caspian shouted. 
They understood that, without Larry’s command, they were not to enter the villa to avoid making things worse. 
“Nancy, let me do it.” Larry carried Joan into his arms and rushed out of the building. By the time Jake’s housemaid realized what had happened, she only managed to spot Nancy’s silhouette as they ran away. 
“What happened? Is she alright?” Dustin inquired about Joan. 
“Let’s get out of here!” Larry bellowed. 
In less than a minute, the gang crowding the villa’s entrance quickly retreated. Larry’s men who had been in the building gradually dispersed as well. 
In spite of the fight between the two parties, the property was not damaged in the slightest. 
The housemaid sat on the steps, giving herself a minute to catch her breath. The whole ordeal left her in dismay. Then, as though she had recalled something important, she rushed to the cellar, only to find it empty. 
“Joan, wake up. I beg you, please say something. It’s me, Larry,” the man kept calling her name as he tried to shake her awake. 
Feebly, Joan shook her head. Then, she slowly opened her eyes and took in her surroundings. 
Isn’t he the man in my dreams? Joan abruptly sat up, startled. It just dawned on her that the man from her dreams turned out to be real. 
“Who are you? Where am I?” Joan surveyed the people around her. She was shivering.
I guess she has really forgotten about me. As Larry reached a hand out to wipe the sweat from her forehead, he sighed. He whispered to her, “Joan, don’t you remember? I’m Larry. Have you truly forgotten about me?” 
Somehow, the disappointment in his eyes made her heart ache. 
So he’s Larry! 
“Joan, it’s great to have you back. We all miss you so very much. You can relax now. With us here, no one will ever harm you again,” Nancy excitedly called out to her, patting herself on the chest.
###Chapter 2864
Chapter 2864 
Who’s harming me? I’m doing fine. 
Joan slowly got out of bed, tidied up her attire, and walked towards the window a trace of guilt set in her eyes. If Jake finds out that I’m actually with another man, he’ll be furious! No, I have to hurry back! 
“I’m sorry, guys. I really don’t know any of you. You must have mistaken me for someone else. Now, if you don’t mind, I have family waiting for me. I’m leaving now.” With that, she picked up her coat left aside and headed towards the exit. 
Larry quickly stepped forward and blocked her way. He gazed into her eyes affectionately, despite being startled by her reaction. “Joan, can’t you see? I’m your husband! I’m your one true love! Think hard, Joan. Jake’s not the one for you.” 
Slap! 
Joan slapped Larry painfully on the cheek. 
No one saw it coming, so they were all shocked when it actually happened. Caspian immediately led Jessica and Dustin out of the room. He figured the newly reunited couple needed some space to themselves. 
Strangely, even though she was the one who caused it, Joan felt heartbroken at the sight of Larry’s red and swollen face. 
No! Jake’s the one I’m marrying. That is an irreversible fact! The invitations have been sent out. I can’t be dilly-dallying like this. Otherwise, Jake will suffer the humiliation!
Whoever this person was, and regardless of how he was related to her in the past, she would not get involved with him anymore. Other than that, she was determined to draw a line with those people outside, and vowed never to have any contact with them again! 
“You’re Larry, right? Please get your people in line and tell them not to trouble me anymore! I’ll be marrying Jake soon, so I’ll appreciate it if you don’t disturb us.” With that said, Joan got on her feet to leave. 
“Joan!” Larry hugged her tightly from behind, refusing to let her go. 
This embrace… It feels familiar. Why is that though? Joan stopped struggling, allowing him to hug her like that. Sometime later, Larry turned her around so that they were both looking at each other squarely in the face. His deep-set eyes conveyed all the affection he had for her. Gently, he took her hand in his. 
“Joan, I know you’ve suffered a lot out there. It’s my fault I haven’t been by your side. But you’re finally back. Please don’t leave. I will find some way to help you restore your past memories.” 
“No!” 
Two words forced Larry to hold his tongue and swallow his words. 
“Larry, I don’t care about whatever that happened in the past, or whatever we once were, alright? I want everything to end here.” 
She spoke so firmly and cruelly that Larry’s heart practically broke into two. 
Bang! Caspian stomped into the room. 
“Joan! Don’t you have any ounce of conscience left? Don’t you know? Larry hasn’t been himself since you disappeared. He cares about nothing else because he’s constantly thinking about you. He
searched high and low for you. He even climbed a mountain alone! At one point, Norton Corporation had almost fallen into his rival’s hands because of you!” 
In the end, Caspian could not take it anymore. He could not stand by and watch his dear friend bear the brunt of Joan’s accusations. He could not bring himself to see Larry and Joan get separated again. 
Caspian’s little speech only confused Joan even more. What does Norton Corporation have to do with me? So what if he’s been looking for me all this time? I didn’t ask him to do that! 
“I’m sorry, but I’m not the person you’re looking for. Or rather, I don’t intend to recall the past. I’m very happy being with Jake right now; thus I don’t need your blessings. I don’t care about what you think!” Joan declared fiercely. 
Joan’s gone mad! How can she say something like that? 
Jessica stared daggers at the stubborn woman. Gosh, you’re so adamant about following Jake to the ends of the world! Is that it? Larry clenched his fists tightly as tears welled up in his eyes. 
“What if… there comes a day, when you manage to regain your memory and regret your decision to marry Jake? What happens then?” 
Larry’s question managed to stump Joan, but only for a moment. She hesitated but soon came up with a response that drove her point home, “No, I won’t have any regrets, because it’s my decision. No one forced me to do it. I know better than anyone else how Jake treats me!”
###Chapter 2865
Chapter 2865 
She’s still so stubborn! Larry turned around, closed his eyes, and drew in a deep breath. “Fine. Let her go!” 
“Larry!” Irked, Jessica shouted at him. 
“I said, let her go!” 
Not only had Larry’s response surprised Joan, but it left the others stunned as well. 
He’s really letting me go! Somehow, Joan actually felt a tinge of disappointment. 
“Rest assured, I won’t tell Jake about this,” she promised them before walking off. 
Larry originally wanted to bring her home and slowly help her recover her memories. But now it seemed that was not what she wanted. Nevertheless, he would never force Joan to do something she refused to do. 
“Larry, are you crazy? That’s Joan! That’s the one you’ve been looking for all this time! And you’re just going to let her marry Jake?” Caspian rushed to Larry and yelled at him. To Caspian, his action was absolutely questionable. 
“I respect her decision,” Larry spoke slowly and in a flat tone. 
Larry had nothing to prove, but he was willing to believe that even if Joan really did lose her memories, she would not marry Jake so easily! Now that Joan had met him, Larry was actually willing to wait for her to clear all doubts she had over Jake, and then return to him soon after. 
She will! I’m sure she will! She just needs some time! With that, Larry turned to leave.
The others standing at the doorway looked on helplessly as he walked away. 
If it was only Joan who refused to come back, perhaps they might still have hope to turn things around, but if Larry had also given up on her, then they had nothing to talk about. 
Caspian sat on the sofa, frantically scratching his head in an attempt to appease the frustration he had been bottling up. 
On the other hand, Larry headed straight to the company. Now that he had met Joan, and knew that she was safe and sound, that was enough for him. He would let time deal with everything else. 
Bang! The door to his office was forcefully kicked open. 
“Larry! Have you lost your mind?” Della rushed in and snapped at him, her face darkened to several shades of gloomy gray. 
Larry had long gotten used to her over-the-top reaction, so he just ignored her. He presumed she must have gotten wind of the rescue mission. 
He merely scoffed at her and continued to review the paperwork. 
“You’ve actually sent your men to break into Jake’s villa and take Joan away! Do you realize what you’ve just done?” Della cried out, concerned. 
Of course, she would be worried about Larry. That was expected. Jake would know about the break-in sooner or later and, given his character, he would surely not rest until he had had his revenge! 
“This is none of your business, Della. Chill,” Larry responded, his tone ice-cold. 
How does he have the gall to say that? Isn’t he afraid that bast*rd Jake will get even with him?
Della went to sit down on the nearby sofa. She needed some peace as she tried to cool herself down. She knew that Jake would come for Larry sooner or later. When that happened, she feared that the man she was talking to would not even know how to save himself! 
Larry seemed to care little about his predicament. He would just face up to what was coming since there was no way to avoid that, therefore he allowed Joan to go free! 
“You should go into hiding quickly. Jake would be coming after you pretty soon,” Della cautioned him in a low voice as her body trembled. 
What’s there to hide? As far as I’m concerned, I have no reason to do so! Jake’s got nothing on me. That man’s not going to stir trouble so recklessly. The best he can do is issue some more threats. Furthermore, Joan said that she won’t tell Jake about what we’ve done. 
“Sir, you can’t go in there.” 
“Buzz off! Do you dare to stop me? Do you know who I am?” 
A feud broke out in the lobby and quickly descended to awkwardness. 
“Sir, you don’t have an appointment. You can’t go in without one. Besides, Mr. Norton is currently in a meeting with someone else…” The front desk bowed his head as he explained to the uninvited guest in a flustered manner.
###Chapter 2866
Chapter 2866 
With a forceful shove, Jake sent the receptionist sprawling to the corner. Blood trickled down the ends of his lips. 
Larry, let’s see how you’re going to talk your way out of this! Jake rolled up his sleeve and made his way up the building. 
Eventually, he came to Larry’s office and let himself in. “Oh, I see that Mr. Norton is as busy as usual. How dedicated!” 
Wary of his presence, Della was rather alert and rose defensively from the sofa. She ran to him and maintained a stern glare, a cold glint flashing in her eyes. He must have come with ill intentions! 
Damn b*tch! How long has it been? I see you’re still sickeningly loyal to Larry, huh! Jake glanced at her with a look of pure disdain. 
“What are you doing here?” Larry asked him directly without even looking up to greet his visitor. 
Are you playing dumb? You’ve arranged for two groups of people to sabotage my villa, taking Joan away in the process. My, you’ve really gone to great lengths with that plan of yours! Jake looked around, his gaze flashing menacingly as he rubbed his hands together. 
“You seem pretty busy, Mr. Norton. I wonder, how do you plan to compensate for the injuries you have incurred on my housemaid?” Jake hinted at him in a cynical tone. 
Hmm? Is he trying to trick me into confession? Larry lifted his head to look at the man standing not too far away from him, a mischievous glint flashing in his eyes. 
Well then, I have all the time in the world. How about a little mind game?
“Pardon me, I have no idea what you’re talking about. Firstly, I don’t know where your villa is. Secondly, I certainly didn’t send anyone to beat up your housemaid,” Larry answered flatly. 
I doubt Joan would’ve arrived at Jake’s villa by now. So, if my deductions are correct, Jake shouldn’t have known that I’ve gone to fetch Joan, which means all that stuff he said just now was nothing but a test. Larry eyed him scornfully, then proceeded to type away on the keyboard. 
What a shameless man! He’s obviously the one behind it, but he refuses to admit what he’s done! Larry, you certainly know no shame! 
“I didn’t think the great Mr. Norton is one to shirk responsibility. No wonder your ex-wife has been reluctant to remarry you,” Jake remarked, beating about the bush. 
A single sentence was enough to ruffle Larry’s feathers. If Jake had not come into their lives, there would not have been as many conflicts and issues between Joan and himself! When it came to malice, Larry could barely compare with this bast*rd standing in front of him! 
Della had a bad feeling as she witnessed the two men face off each other, but she was not sure how to mediate the situation. She did not want a fight to break out between the two men. 
“Hey, look at that. It’s getting late. Why don’t we continue the discussion tomorrow? It’s no use getting riled up over it, right?” 
“Shut it!” 
The two men shouted at her simultaneously. 
Della had had enough. Flustered, she secretly swiped to unlock her phone and sent a message to Caspian. No matter what happened, she would always side with Larry, because she refused to see her loved one get hurt.
“Larry!” Caspian arrived swiftly after receiving Della’s message. 
“Ho? Such loyal mate, to have come to your aid so swiftly,” Jake commented from his position on the couch. He shot Della a dirty look. 
Da*n you, woman! You’re getting good at calling for reinforcements, aren’t you? 
“If you have nothing else to tell me, I suggest you leave,” Larry said as he pointed towards the door. 
What a joke! We aren’t finished here, bast*rd. And I’m not leaving until we’re done! Jake rose and slowly made his way towards Larry. His body language reeked of intimidation. 
“Larry, you have some explaining to do. Tell me, where is Joan now?” the man shouted at him, his voice tinged with anger. 
Larry turned around and looked out the window. Deep down, he was quite delighted because everything was going according to his plan. He stroked his chin and actually grinned in satisfaction. 
“Aren’t you getting married soon? What’s this? You can’t keep tabs on your bride-to-be, so you are taking it out on other people, is that it?” Larry put it bluntly on purpose because he wanted this bast*rd to know what humiliation felt like!
###Chapter 2867
Chapter 2867 
I’ll make sure you won’t live your happily ever after. Not now, not ever! 
Bang! There was a bang on the door again. This time, it was Joan who barged in, gasping for breath. 
“Joan?” Jake stared at the woman in front of him with a look of surprise. 
Larry was perplexed by Joan’s sudden arrival too, but he firmly believed that Joan would surely not betray him. 
In a panic, Joan shot a glance at Larry, who stood a short distance away, before turning to face the man in front of her. She grinned. 
“Why did you come here, Jake? I’ve only gone out for some fresh air. Just look at you. What’s there to fret about?” Joan interrogated Jake as she suppressed her emotions. 
No! You’re lying! Jake gazed into her eyes as she blinked at him. He thought he could see through her, find out what she was hiding. 
Larry was pleased to see Joan making her presence in his office. A satisfied smirk spread across his face. She was still Joan, the woman he knew and loved. She was still the kind, sweet Joan who tended to put others before herself. 
“Joan, tell me. Is it him? Is he the one who’s been mistreating you? Is he the one who kidnapped you?” Jake pointed at Larry while demanding an answer from Joan. 
Larry knew exactly how Jake would react, so he was not surprised at all. Instead, he got back to his desk and continued his work as though nothing happened.
Joan looked at the man who claimed to be her husband. For some reason, she felt upset. Why isn’t he standing his ground anymore? Perhaps, if he had not let her go that time, she would not have returned to Jake again. 
No! Joan, get yourself together! In your time of weakness, it’s Jake who stuck by you. It was Jake who took care of you! Joan closed her eyes and pinched her arm forcefully in an attempt to calm herself down. 
“Jake, let’s leave this place. I don’t know him. And no, he didn’t hurt me,” she said, her voice quivering. 
How’s that possible? My subordinates told me that this is all part of Larry’s plan! So why is Joan lying to my face? Has she recalled anything? If so, then why does she claim that she doesn’t recognize Larry? 
Jake suddenly felt a headache coming and promptly stormed out of the office. 
At that moment, Joan turned around to face Larry. A swell of emotions surged in her heart, which was odd. She had only met the man twice; yet, there seemed to be some sort of familiarity between them. 
“Joan! Let’s get out of here!” Jake barked at her. 
“Coming!” 
Larry watched Joan go, and when her shadow vanished from sight, he put down the file he had been holding and sank into deep thought. 
Della watched the whole thing unfold from the side. 
She refused to believe that Larry would not take any action once he met Joan again. She also refused to believe that Joan, after seeing Larry again, would have zero feelings for the man she once loved. 
If her instinct was correct, this was all a trap.
Della rose and approached Larry, suspicion flashing across her eyes. 
“You two have met before, haven’t you?” she framed her question cautiously. 
Her words stunned him, albeit briefly. Larry was quick to resume a composed expression as he continued to sign some paperwork. 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” came Larry’s reply, void of emotion. 
Hmm! He’s playing dumb again! Who does he think he is? Am I a three-year-old kid? He’s pretending that the conversation just now didn’t happen! He’s totally underestimating me! 
“Ms. Duff, you can leave now. Larry’s busy. He’s got lots of company matters to deal with,” said Caspian. 
Damn it, Caspian! You’re just the same. Burning bridges now, are we? I was the one who called you here, and now you want me to leave? 
Della glared at him, apparently not pleased with the feedback she got. Caspian cared little for her sharp gaze and her negative emotions. He just wanted to get her out of here as soon as possible. 
Suddenly, the atmosphere turned ominous. Della shot a wary glance at Larry before stomping away on her high heels.
###Chapter 2868
Chapter 2868 
“Larry, are you alright? Did Jake do anything to you?” Caspian went up to Larry and asked in a worried tone. 
Larry merely shook his head without saying anything. He shut his eyes and massaged his temples, trying to cool down. 
He was just worried that Joan would suffer in silence if she stayed with Jake, despite knowing very well that Jake would never mistreat her. But, at the same time, the man could never fulfill her emotional needs. 
On the other side of town, Jake had returned with Joan. He proceeded to have a breakdown in the living room, venting his frustrations at her. “Joan, why did you have to lie? Why did you have to defend that son of a b*tch?” 
Joan cleared her throat and focused on keeping her cool. 
“What are you talking about, Jake? What’s your deal with Larry anyway? I have just gone out for a walk, and I come back to hear that you have gone to pick a fight at Norton Corporation,” she lied through her teeth. 
Sometimes, she could not get it into her head why she had to hide her little meeting with Larry from Jake. But she had always been one to work things out by the seat of her pants. She was very sure of herself in that aspect. 
Slam! 
Enraged, Jake slammed his fist on the desk. His hand instantly reddened from the impact. The action freaked Joan out. She instinctively backed away from the man, her nerves getting the better of her.
Why would he burst into a rage over this man called Larry? Her curiosity piqued as she studied the man in front of her. It seemed like he had a grudge against Larry. 
Joan went up and sat next to him. She even poured him a cup of tea. 
“There you go. Drink some tea. Calm down. I’m sorry, I just wanted to go outside and have some fun. Don’t get mad, okay? I promise I won’t do that again,” she apologized to him, her head hung low. 
Back at the office, Larry had something serious to tell Nancy. “For the time being, Nancy, please don’t step out of the house. In fact, it’s best for you to leave the country for a while.” 
Why’s that? Nancy stared at Larry, puzzled. She could not wrap her head around his instruction. 
“Jake will want to get to the bottom of this, and he will not rest until he gets what he wants,” he reminded her kindly. 
So what? I have my family and Jory’s influence to back me up. I don’t think Jake will come after me that easily. 
Larry had a hunch that, knowing how arrogant and self-centered Nancy was as a person, she would not easily obey his orders to stay away from Jake. 
No, I have to tell Jory the truth. 
So when Nancy got back home, she displayed a different reaction when Jory suggested a trip overseas. “What did you say? Did I hear that right? Are we really traveling abroad?” In the living room, Nancy was so ecstatic when she heard the good news that she screamed in surprise. It had been a long while since the couple had gone on a vacation on their own. She wanted so much to spend some free time with him, to set out on an adventure where they could go anywhere they wanted and do anything they pleased.
“Alright, I hear you. Now, go pack your things. We’re leaving first thing tomorrow,” Jory said before heading upstairs. Nancy was a simple-minded woman. She might not be able to guess that the so- called trip had been arranged to get her as far away from Jake as possible. 
Speaking of Jake, he had other plans. Back at his villa, his housemaid handed a photograph to him. “Sir, here’s the photo of the woman you asked for.” 
Jake studied the woman in the photo. She looked oddly familiar. I think I’ve seen this girl somewhere before! He closed his eyes as he tried his best to recall the past. 
It’s her! He finally remembered. 
Her name was Nancy, of the Barrymore Group. Da*n it! The audacity of that woman! Just because she has the Barrymores and Jory to protect her, she thinks I don’t have the guts to go after her! Is that right now? What a joke! 
Outside, the sky had darkened. A lone crescent moon announced its presence in the night sky. Jake gritted his teeth. He was furious. He swore he would have his revenge! Larry and Nancy are working together! They must have plotted everything! 
The next day, Jory brought Nancy to the airport at the break of dawn. By the time Jake arrived at Jory’s villa, the couple had already vanished. 
Da*n it! 
Bam! Jake slammed his fist on the steering wheel, the impact causing his body to shake ever so slightly. 
In the office, Larry heaved a sigh of relief upon hearing that Jory and Nancy had made it out of the country.
###Chapter 2869
Chapter 2869 
In the beginning, it had been because of the Barrymores and Jory’s influence that he asked Nancy to put up an act. If Nancy were to be harmed in any way because she had been dragged into this ordeal, then he could not live with the guilt. 
“Larry, there’s nothing to worry about. They have successfully boarded the plane,” Caspian assured him. 
Indeed, he was quite pleased to hear that, but that did little to put him at ease. 
Jake was a formidable foe, and he could really hold a grudge. Larry worried that the man would still go after Jory and Nancy after the two returned from their trip. 
That bast*rd will do anything and stoop to any level to get what he wants! Larry knew that much. 
Ring! Ring! The phone on the sofa rang. 
It was an unknown number. Without hesitation, Larry put his phone on speaker mode. 
“Hi, Mr. Norton. Come have a meal with me?” Jake’s voice sounded over the phone. 
Gosh, what’s he up to now? Instantly, Larry tensed up. “I’m busy. I don’t have the time to entertain you,” he said, with a mind to hang up right after. 
“Come on, don’t be like that. Just so you know, I have a gift for you,” Jake added. “Come to the restaurant where you used to bring Joan on dates. I’ll be waiting.” 
Jake hung up the phone first.
What gift can he possibly have for me? It has to be an excuse! And why must he pick that restaurant, out of all places? Larry clenched his fists. The whole thing felt off. 
Whatever, it’s just one meal. Besides, what can he do to me in broad daylight? Larry packed his stuff, got ready and left the office. 
“Larry, let me get some of my men…” 
Larry cut in before Caspian could finish, “There’s no need for that.” Since Jake had requested to meet him first, it would be quite petty of him if he had arranged for backup or an ambush. 
Soon, Larry arrived at the restaurant in his car. 
“What business do you have with me?” he muttered as he walked towards Jake. 
Jake cast Larry a disdainful look, his eyes filled with contempt, as he took a sip of his coffee. Well, surprise, surprise. You came after all! 
“This is for you!” Jake tossed a red card his way. 
This is… a wedding invitation? Larry flipped through it. Sure enough, he found Jake’s and Joan’s names on the card. He did not expect that one day Jake would actually hand him the wedding invitation. 
“Joan and I are getting married. This is an invitation for you. I hope to receive your blessing. I know that you’ve found out about Joan being alive a long while back. Quite a remarkable feat, Larry! You are most certainly not the average Joe,” Jake went on casually with such calm and conviction that Larry could not get a read on him. 
Why is he so calm? This isn’t like him at all! While Larry was looking at Jake, Jake was observing the man sitting opposite him as well. Something felt off. Does he know that I know he knows?
Larry hung his head low as he examined the card in his hands. He might seem calm on the surface, but deep down he was swirling with emotions. 
Actually, he was afraid and terrified of the possibility that Joan would really agree to marry the man who stole her from him. Hence, he decided to take a gamble. If he won, then Joan would return to his side on her own accord, but if he lost, then he would have to crash the wedding! 
Of course, that would only be used as a last resort. 
“Alright, I shall respect every decision that Joan makes,” Larry said flatly, his narrowed eyes looking out the window. 
No, he must have some kind of plan! Jake glared at Larry, his eyes filled with suspicion. 
“Relax, I’ll definitely attend your wedding. If there’s nothing else you have to say, then pardon me. I shall take my leave.” With that said, Larry rose from his seat and turned to leave. 
“Hold it right there! You’re the one who arranged for Nancy to leave the country, aren’t you?” Jake fired a question at him. 
Larry gave him a side-eye. How ironic! Of course, you’ll want to ask about that. 
“It’s not like you don’t know what Nancy’s like. Seriously, when she sets her mind to do something, who can stop her? You can’t possibly think that I can tie her down,” Larry said the line on purpose.
###Chapter 2870
Chapter 2870 
Indeed, if she wants to take a vacation overseas, no one can stop her. If she wants to look for Joan, then no one can stop her too. Also, if she wants to sabotage the wedding, she’ll most definitely do whatever it takes to snatch Joan away from Jake’s clutches! This is just the beginning! 
Larry took a moment to fix his attire before stepping out of the restaurant. 
But both he and his team were clueless as to where Jake and Joan’s wedding ceremony would be held. They only knew that the ceremony and the banquet would take place in different cities. The wedding invitation only stated the venue of the banquet. 
That was troubling indeed. 
Some time had passed since the impromptu meeting with Jake. Larry and Dustin had come together to figure things out. “Any news about Jake these days?” Larry asked the other man a serious question from where he sat on the sofa. 
Dustin tilted his head as he thought hard about it, his expression was indecipherable. 
“I just find it odd that we haven’t heard anything related to Jake for a while now. It’s like he’s not even doing anything,” Dustin replied Jake as he stroked his chin, confusion swimming in his eyes. 
That’s definitely not a good sign! He’s about to get married, and yet there’s no news about him? Or could it be that this is all going according to his plan? 
Larry turned away to look out at the lighthouse a short distance away. He sank into deep thought. 
“Did you check whether Jake’s been flying out of the country in the past few days?” Larry suggested as though an epiphany had struck him.
For a brief moment, Dustin froze. That’s right! How can I have forgotten about that? He ran out of the office soon after. 
Just as Larry had expected, Jory and Nancy were having the time of their life while traveling abroad. But, their journey was disrupted when they came across an important piece of information. 
“Hurry up! I want to go back!” Nancy yelled, with little regard for Jory’s feelings about the whole thing. 
Have you gone nuts? We’ve just barely got out of the country and now you want to go back? Weren’t you the one who’s been egging to travel overseas? It’s just been a few days and now you’re crying to go back. Why are you doing this, Nancy? 
“Nancy, stop fooling around, will you? It’s not every day we get to have a vacation like this, you know? Look, we finally have time for ourselves! Can you just calm down and enjoy the next two weeks?” Jory tried to persuade her as he ran his fingers through her hair with great tenderness. 
It had been a while since he could have some alone time with the love of his life, so it was a given that he had been looking forward to the trip. As a matter of fact, he ought to thank Larry for the wonderful opportunity! 
“No, I simply can’t!” Nancy cut him off before he could even finish what he had to say. 
“Jory, I promise you. We’ll do this again some other time! But right now, we really have to get back! There’s an emergency!” Coyly, she pleaded as she tugged on her husband’s arm. She chose her words carefully because she did not want to set him off. 
You’re being really difficult, Nancy! You’re the one who asked for a vacation, and now you’re demanding to go back! Did I owe you something in a past life or what? Why do you have to torture me like this? Jory sighed and turned the car around.
Wait, something’s not right. Did she say there’s an emergency? What could be so urgent? 
All of a sudden, he slammed the brakes. 
“Nancy, can you tell me why you’re in such a hurry to go back? What’s the emergency?” Jory turned to question his wife, confusion painted on his face. 
“Argh, just step on it, will you? I’ll tell you when we get on the plane!” 
Could it be related to Larry and Joan? Jory’s eyes dimmed. Larry, you owe us big time! Just so you know, my wife and I have sacrificed a lot for the sake of you and Joan! So, next time we meet, you really must find some way to make up for us! 
Without further ado, Jory hit the gas, and the car sped along the highway. 
“What? You and Nancy are coming back? Haven’t I made myself clear? You absolutely cannot come back just yet. There’s no way that bast*rd Jake is going to let Nancy off the hook!” 
Over the phone, Larry sounded extremely anxious. What the hell is wrong with you, Nancy? You’ve just been away for a few days and now you’re hurrying back? 
Thud! 
Larry barely finished his sentence when, all of a sudden, Jory and Nancy barged right into his office.
###Chapter 2871
Chapter 2871 
Seeing the smug look on Nancy’s face, Larry only got angrier. Da*n you, Nancy! Why have you chosen to be unreliable at a time like this? And you, Jory! What’s the matter with you? Why do you let her take the lead? Larry turned around to gaze out the window, choosing to ignore them. 
But Nancy did not seem to notice Larry’s change in attitude. “Hey, Larry! We’re back!” she called to him in high spirits. 
However, Jory had noticed the strangeness hovering around the man the minute he stepped into the room. Quickly, he approached Larry and whispered something into his ear. 
“What’s that you say? You found Jake and Joan’s wedding location?” Larry asked, his eyes practically lit up in surprise. 
“Yes, we did! I’m guessing you owe me one now. Right, Larry?” Nancy replied, still feeling smug. She lifted her chin and patted herself on the chest, apparently proud of her achievement. 
Yes, I owe you big time! This is exactly the kind of information I’ve been waiting for! 
It turned out that, when the couple was traveling abroad, Nancy and Jory happened to visit a church. It was there that she stumbled upon a conversation between the priest and a bunch of other people. Lo and behold, they were talking about the marriage between Joan and Jake! 
Jory had been busy replying to the emails sent by the executives of his company; so he had been completely oblivious to whatever was happening in the background. With that, Nancy was the only one who overheard everything. 
Fate must have secretly arranged for Joan and her to cross paths. It was amazing how information as critical as this one fell into her hands so easily!
“So? When’s the wedding? Did they mention anything?” Larry asked several questions at once as he anxiously tugged at her arm. 
“According to the invitation, it’s to be held a week from now, but I have a feeling that they’re probably going to have it earlier than that,” Nancy replied in a low voice. 
Good point. With Jake’s weird logic, he’s not exactly someone who’ll play by the rules. No, he’ll most certainly get everything ready in advance! 
Larry clenched his fists tightly while remaining firm in his beliefs. 
“Alright, we’ll split into two teams. One will stay here, the other one will go abroad,” Larry said sincerely, but his orders did nothing to hide his agitation. No matter what it takes, I’ll never allow Joan to marry Jake! If there’s no way for Joan to reject him, then I’ll have to do it for her! 
Thud! The door to Larry’s office was suddenly flung open with great force. It was Jake. 
“Nancy, you’re finally back! How goes your trip overseas?” Jake spoke to her in a callous tone as he stepped into the room. 
Confronted by the man’s chilly expression, Nancy shuddered and retreated instinctively. At the same time, Jory stepped forward to shield his beloved wife. He would not want any danger to come to her. 
“Jory, this is between Nancy and me. I advise you not to get involved if you know what’s good for you, otherwise don’t blame me for what happens next!” Jake warned the man, clenching his fists. 
“At the end of the day, she’s my wife. As her husband, it’s my duty to protect her,” Jory tried to reason with him.
B*tch, let’s see where you can run this time! With one huge stride, Jake landed directly in front of Nancy. 
“Tell me! Why did you raid my house that day? Were you the one who took Joan away?” Jake growled at Nancy while trapping her hand in a tight grip. 
Jake’s intimidating presence and menacing tone frightened her to no end. Nancy was trembling all over as her other hand held onto Jory for support. 
“Jake, whatever it is, you can take it up with me! Do you still call yourself a man going after a woman like that?” In one fell swoop, Jory wrenched Jake’s arm away from his wife and pulled her into his arms. He had to protect her and would not let any harm come to her. 
Watching the scene unfold in front of him, Larry knew that Jake would not let Nancy go so easily. 
“Jory, get Nancy out of here! I’ll deal with him.” He approached Jory and tapped on his shoulder, divulging his plan. But Jake, as though possessed by a demon, kept blocking Jory every step of the way. He was adamant not to let the couple escape.
###Chapter 2872
Chapter 2872 
That’s right! Today, I want to end things with Nancy! She owes me an explanation! So what if she’s a woman? That doesn’t mean she gets to do what she pleases! There’s no rule dictating that women are to be forgiven regardless of what they do! 
Jake glared at the couple with a murderous glint in his eyes. 
“Jake, this is between you and me. Leave the others out of this. Don’t involve them!” Larry shouted at the man despite being in a restless state. 
Ho! So you finally realize this feud is actually between you and me? Why didn’t you think of that when you sent your people to storm my villa? It’s too late now! Anyone who has ever helped you is my enemy by default! I’m not letting any single one of them get away so easily! 
Jake scoffed at Larry, displeasure written on his face. 
“That day, all of you joined forces, broke into my villa, and took Joan away from me! 
“Unfortunately for you, Joan only has eyes for me now. She has long forgotten every single one of you! We’d have already tied the knot by the time she remembers everything! But don’t you worry. I’ll take good care of her and make sure she’s treated like a queen, for she’s my one true love!” 
“Oh, knock it off already!” Abelyn charged into the room, cutting Jake off. 
“Just take a look at yourself! Do you really think you’re deserving of any affection? Get it into your head! Even if you get Joan to marry you, you can’t get her to fall in love with you!” Abelyn was pretty blunt with her words. She was familiar with how Joan’s mind worked, despite having next to no idea how she could defuse the current situation.
Joan does not love Jake, but she is willing to marry him to repay a debt of gratitude. Thus, Jake took advantage of her weakness and bugged her time and time again to marry him until she eventually surrendered. 
It was no secret that Joan had always hated Jake the most, despite being indebted to him. But her guilt soon subsided after she became a victim of Jake’s scheme. 
“Ask yourself, Jake. How has Joan treated you and Faye in the past? And how are you treating her now? Later on, she’s bullied and accused. Has that got anything to do with you? And yet, here you are, still lying to her,” Abelyn gave an emotional lecture. She did not like how things had escalated. She could not accept the idea of Joan being the victim of so much injustice! 
“Shut up!” Jake clutched his head in both his hands as he yelled in agony. 
It took everything in me to forget about the past, and even more when I decide to make Joan my wife and start a new life together. Why do you have to come in and bring it all back? Why do you have to make me shoulder all my sins? 
Abelyn tapped on Jory, who was standing next to her, and pointed to the exit. He immediately understood what she meant and quickly escaped with Nancy. 
It seemed Jake had been harboring some guilt towards Joan all along! 
Seeing him in such a sorry sight, Abelyn sighed. 
“No! It’s not like that! Joan has always been mine! She still is, and forever will be! Because she can only belong to me!” Jake guffawed as he descended to madness. 
Is he perhaps suffering from a psychological illness of some sort? Larry actually felt a tinge of pity towards the savage man before him.
By the time Jake regained his senses, Jory and Nancy had already left the office. 
“Just you wait, Larry! Joan will definitely become my bride!” Jake declared before he left. 
For a moment, Larry could not help but feel sympathy for the prideful man. What has happened in his life that made him turn out like this? 
Larry walked to his desk and began sorting out his paperwork. 
“Boss!” Caspian and Jessica barged into the room. 
“You’re too late!” Abelyn scoffed at them. Then, she too walked away. 
The two latecomers surveyed the room. Indeed, the three of them were the only ones in the entire office. Jessica rushed to Larry’s side and examined him thoroughly, which irritated the man even more.
###Chapter 2873
Chapter 2873 
“Jessica, how could you be so free? Are you sure you have settled everything in the bookstore?” Larry asked gently as he patted her on the head. 
He sounds just like his usual self! Looks like his mood is not affected. Jessica straightened up at once and heaved a sigh of relief. 
To play safe, Larry decided not to share the updated news from Nancy with them right away since Jake had just stepped out. What if the cunning fellow turned back all of a sudden and overheard our conversation? In order to safeguard the success of our plan, I must continue to pretend that I have no idea about the updated news from Nancy. 
Staring blankly at the door of his office, Larry’s creased forehead implied that something was bothering him at the moment. 
Jessica was observing Larry’s countenance silently and could sense something amiss. She remained silent and waited for him to explain to her. To her disappointment, he remained silent as well. She was becoming restless due to the sudden pin-drop silence that ensued in the room. 
“Let’s get together for a meal tonight,” Larry finally broke the silence when she was about to open her mouth. 
On the instant, it struck her that Larry would pour out everything to them during the gathering. She nodded at him in acknowledgment and left Norton Corporation. 
As dusk fell, both Caspian and Larry tidied their desk before they left for the restaurant to meet the others.
Since both Jory and Nancy were the ones who shared the news with him, Larry did not invite them to join their gathering this round. Moreover, he did not want to take the risk in case Jake smelled a rat, fearing that it would put both Jory and Nancy in deep water. 
In a private room of a grand restaurant, Larry threw a glance at the door before he lowered his voice intentionally and said cautiously, “There is a piece of great news from Jory and Nancy this round. They managed to track something when they were overseas.” 
“What kind of great news? ” Abelyn stood up and yelled excitedly. 
“Hey, lower your volume and don’t interrupt. Let Larry finish his words!” Dustin snapped at her. 
Both Dustin and Larry had clicked well lately by putting aside their jealousy toward each other. In fact, they were just like buddies at times. If Joan did not lose her memories, she would surely be delighted at how well both of them were getting along with each other at the moment. 
“Therefore, I plan to make a trip overseas. Nonetheless, a few of us have to continue on standby mode here. We can’t easily let our guard down as Jake is far more cunning than how we imagine,” Larry announced sternly after sharing the latest information with them. 
Without hesitation, Larry went overseas with Caspian and Jessica the next day. Meanwhile, Dustin, Jory, Abelyn and Nancy continued to ensure that their plan was working well. 
In the meantime, Jake started to sense something awry and was suspicious of Larry. 
Larry and his gang are unusually quiet lately. It’s really weird! Are they in the midst of something secretive? At the moment, he was leaning against the sofa in his office as his mind drifted into thoughts.
I presume Larry would confront me in exasperation at once when he finds out that Joan is still alive and will marry me soon. Yet, he seems to be extraordinarily cool about it without taking any action. Has he given up on winning her back? It’s impossible that he gives up out of a sudden! 
Joan is undoubtedly the love of his life! He would definitely never let go of her easily! I’m convinced there’s something fishy going on so I must investigate it! As the saying goes, one should always keep one’s friends close and one’s enemies closer. 
He picked up his phone and gave Della a call. “Go and find out what is keeping Larry occupied at the moment,” he enunciated every single word with a commanding tone. 
How dare he speak to me in such a way, as if I were his subordinate! Della was infuriated by his tone and remained silent. 
Sensing that Della was enraged, Jake softened and added deliberately, “Della, since both of us are in the same boat, if I can get married to Joan, you are actually one step closer to your dream, isn’t it?” 
Yeah, he has a point. Once he marries Joan, Larry won’t be able to do anything by then. That would surely save my trouble to win his heart. Della cleared her throat and was about to agree with what he mentioned earlier. Jake added again, “In other words, you’re actually helping yourself as well by helping me.” 
“Enough of that!” she snarled impatiently to stop him. His words are really irritating! He is actually planning everything for himself; yet, he makes it sound as if he is thinking of my wellbeing! 
“You’d better be able to marry that b*tch as planned!” she hissed and hung up right away. 
Once Joan Watts is married to Jake Wilson, I bet Larry would be in despair and give up on her forever!
Della slumped onto the sofa as she was lost in her thoughts. It never crossed her mind that Larry had already gone overseas! 
To cover his tracks perfectly, he was keeping mum about it so none of the employees in Norton Corporation was aware of it.
###Chapter 2874
Chapter 2874 
Bang! Della strutted into Larry’s office directly as the door was flung open. To her surprise, there was no sign of him in the office. 
As a workaholic, Larry usually spent most of his time in the office. She wondered why the man was not seated at his desk as usual. 
Has he stepped out for lunch? She knitted her brows as she glanced at her watch. It can’t be! It’s not even time for lunch yet! 
Coincidentally, Larry’s assistant stepped into his office with a pile of documents in her hands. “Ah! Ms. Duff, you are here,” she greeted Della softly as she placed the piles of documents on Larry’s desk. 
“Where is your president? He’s supposed to be here as usual,” Della asked the assistant suspiciously. 
The assistant was momentarily stunned before she forced a smile and explained calmly, “Mr. Norton has stepped out for a discussion on business collaboration with his new business partners. He’s occupied by the new plans lately and might not be back in the office so soon. Ms. Duff, maybe you can drop by again another day.” 
I’m really impressed. Norton Corporation is developing significantly within such a short span of time! When he insisted to reinvent his company previously, I was still quite worried about him. It looks like he has made the right decision! 
Larry is really no ordinary man. He’s really business-minded and has a good business acumen! Complimenting Larry on his capabilities silently, Della let out a deep breath before sitting down on the sofa. She was not in a hurry and intended to wait for him to be back.
The assistant became anxious when she sensed that Della was reluctant to leave at once. Stifling her anxiousness, she said courteously with a smile, “Ms. Duff, Mr. Norton won’t be back so soon. I think it’s better that you go back first.” 
“It’s alright. You get back to your work first.” Della waved her away. 
She had gotten used to waiting for Larry all this while, and did not mind waiting for him a bit longer again. Besides, she presumed that it would at most take him a few hours for the discussion pertaining to business collaboration. 
The assistant was helpless and sent Nancy a message hastily to ask for help. 
In the meantime, both Nancy and Jake were in their living room. “Ha! That b*tch went to look for Larry again!” Nancy rolled her eyes and growled in displeasure the moment she clicked open the message. 
“Just let it be and let her wait there. After all, she would leave when Larry is still not back a few hours later,” Jory said placidly. 
It sounds right. Nevertheless, if that b*tch drops by Larry’s office every day to wait for him, she might sense something uncanny! Our plan would surely be unveiled accidentally by then! Oh No! I can’t let it happen! 
Ah! Let me humiliate the shameless woman to distract her attention and at the same time teach her a lesson. I’m sure she would be discouraged from dropping by Larry’s office for at least a few days! 
Nancy took her jacket and stepped out at once. 
“Where are you going?” Jory yelled at her as he tried to catch up with her. 
“Norton Corporation!”
This woman is really impetuous! She’s stubborn and tends to act impulsively before we are married. My goodness, she is still the same even after she becomes a mother! Jory let out a deep sigh and dashed out after her. 
No matter what, I will have to protect my woman! 
At the Norton Corporation, Nancy greeted Della languorously as she stepped into Larry’s office, “Ah! Isn’t this Ms. Duff? Why are you here at this hour? You seem to be really free!” 
Della stood up and had her guard up the moment she saw Nancy. 
Why is she here all of a sudden? I’m sure it’s nothing good. Such a right timing? She’s already here not long after I entered the place. How does she find out that I’m here? Is she stalking me? 
“Why are you here?” Della glared at her and asked in displeasure. 
“What a ridiculous question! Ms. Duff, I should be the one asking you this question. Don’t you think so?” Nancy mocked her stupidity. 
Huh! What right does she have to criticize me? After all, both Larry and I are single at the moment! Is there anything wrong if I come and look for him and even go after him? She should look at herself! Isn’t she humiliating herself when she’s rebuking me? As a married woman, is it appropriate for her to come all the way here all by herself? 
I wonder how Jory would react once he finds out that his wife comes to look for another man without his knowledge! 
“I’m here to discuss something with Larry…” 
Bang! Before she could finish her words, the door was flung open and Jory emerged at once.
“Larry is not in. Let’s go back and come again another day.” Jory held Nancy’s hand straight away and was about to step out of the room.
###Chapter 2875
Chapter 2875 
Huh! So Jory is aware of this! Della’s face turned grim in an instant. 
Nancy grabbed the chance to put on a show by struggling and yelling exaggeratively, “What are you doing? Let go of me! I won’t leave if she refuses to leave as well!” 
Jory shrugged her arm off deliberately and pretended to be infuriated by her. Putting on a grim look, he scoffed, “There are countless women without a sense of shame in this world. Do you want to be like them as well? I’m really disappointed with you!” 
Upon hearing Jory’s harsh words, Nancy was somehow overjoyed and applauded silently by giving him a thumbs-up. On the other hand, Della was really offended by his sarcastic words. 
“Jory Synder, what do you mean? Are you hinting that I’m one of them?” she was almost enunciating the last few words with gritted teeth. 
In a blink of an eye, there was a change in her expression as a wave of fury surged from within her. 
“Ms. Duff, I’m sorry for being blunt. I don’t mean it. I was just reprimanding my wife to wake her up!” Jory pretended to be embarrassed by making an insincere apology. 
At the peak of her rage, Della stormed out of Larry’s office. 
They are all foolish fellows with no manners! Once seated in her luxury car, she stepped on the accelerator pedal and sped off. 
Larry was at the seaside, standing not far away from a church. “Caspian, is the information reliable?” he asked sternly with a solemn look on his face.
“Yeah, Larry, it’s provided by the pastor. I’m sure it’s true,” Caspian replied firmly. 
Joan, you are finally here and I will get to see you again! Larry gazed at the church sorrowfully. Even though she has lost her memories, she still loves the sea! I bet that was why Jake arranged for the wedding ceremony to be held in the church by the seaside. However, she has forgotten about me! 
Larry reminisced about their grand wedding years ago. Snippets of beautiful moments between them flowed into his mind like never-ending waves. We were deeply in love with each other at that time; yet, she has forgotten all about it! 
The next day, Larry reached the main entrance of the church with Caspian and Jessica early in the morning. He waited desperately for the arrival of the wedding car. 
“Here it is!” Caspian said excitedly as he patted Larry’s shoulder. 
“Hold my hand, Joan, be careful,” Jake said gently and helped her out of the wedding car. 
Joan raised her head and looked at the grand church in front of her. Despite the breathtaking view of the majestic church and the picturesque scenery, she felt uneasy as a series of inexplicable complex emotions started to well up within her. 
Joan Watts, you must hold yourself back! The man who stands right in front of you now is Jake, your future husband! He has sacrificed a lot by taking great care of you and being protective of you all this while. There’s no other way to repay his kindness apart from being his faithful spouse for the rest of his life! 
Nonetheless, love could never be forced. 
The pastor furrowed his brows as he observed the bride and bridegroom for the day. The bridegroom’s face was undoubtedly lit up by joviality; yet, the visible sorrow in the bride’s eyes reflected her
reluctance. 
“Miss, do you really love him?” he approached Joan and asked meaningfully as he gazed at her with his penetrating eyes. 
This was indeed a challenging question which put Joan in a dilemma. If she answered honestly, the pastor would surely call off the officiation of the wedding ceremony. If she lied to the pastor, it would indirectly indicate that she was not truthful to herself as well. 
Forget about it! Everything is worth it as long as Jake and I can spend the rest of our life together peacefully. 
“Yeah, I love him,” she forced herself to nod and reply instantly. 
The pastor could sense that she was not being truthful to herself when she replied by avoiding having any eye contact with him. Shaking his head, he let out a deep sigh and walked away. 
“Joan, what’s the matter? What did he tell you?” Jake approached her and asked softly. 
Since the pastor was not one of his people, he would not be pressured by his background and easily succumb to him. 
“Nothing actually. We were just chatting casually,” Joan replied nonchalantly. 
Is she telling the truth? She doesn’t look good as well. As a bride, there is not the least bit of delight on her face! Jake’s heart was filled with utter uneasiness as he gazed at the woman in front of him. 
A while later, the door of the church was closed. The pastor was about to start officiating the wedding ceremony. 
Only a few guests attended the wedding ceremony. It was all arranged by Jake.
“Mr. Jake Wilson, are you willing to take this woman whose hand you now hold, to be your true and wedded wife; and do you solemnly promise to spend your whole life protecting her, taking good care of her…” the pastor began to read out the marriage officiant. 
“I do,” Jake gazed at Joan lovingly and replied excitedly. 
“Ms. Joan Watts, do you take this man to be your husband, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer…” 
Staring at Jake who was standing right in front of her, Joan’s mind drifted into bewilderment. 
No! I’m not willing! Tears started to well up in her eyes. Right that instant, Larry’s face flashed across her mind. 
“Joan, what’s the matter with you? The pastor is waiting for your reply,” Jake urged her anxiously.
###Chapter 2876
Chapter 2876 
As silence ensued, the place was engulfed by an awkward atmosphere. 
The pastor looked at her and repeated the words of marriage officiation for the bride. Nevertheless, Joan was suddenly as motionless as a statue and could not utter any words. 
What’s the matter with her? Is she going back on her word? 
“Joan Watts!” Jake leaned closer to her ear and raised his voice. 
“She’s not willing!” In a split second, the main door of the church was flung open. Everyone was stunned by the sudden emergence of Larry, Caspian and Jessica. 
The moment Larry came into sight, Joan’s eyes lit up instinctively as her lips curved into a sweet, charming smile. 
At that very moment, it struck Jake that Joan would never be able to get Larry out of her mind, even after she had lost her memories! Looks like I would never be able to defeat Larry and take over his place in her heart! 
“Joan Watts, come with me,” Larry stretched out his right hand and said gently. Joan was momentarily bedazzled by his loving gaze. 
All the guests gaped as they were overwhelmed by the scene. 
Jake tightened his grip on Joan’s hand as if he was fearing that she would vanish into thin air at any moment.
What for? Looks like the bride does not have any feelings for him. What is the point of forcing her to walk down the aisle with him? The pastor shook his head and moved aside to take a seat. 
“Jake, I’m really sorry,” Joan mumbled sheepishly. 
“No way! Joan Watts, you can’t follow him and leave me alone! You’ve promised me earlier to be my wife, haven’t you? You ever mentioned that you dreamt of having a happy family with adorable kids. Have you forgotten everything?” Jake’s voice quivered as he yelled at Joan. 
I have put so much effort into all these; yet, it still ends up in failure? No way! I can’t let Larry Norton defeat me! 
“Jake, I really appreciate you for everything that you have done for me all this while. However, I can’t deceive myself. Being grateful is different from love. You’re the one forcing me to marry you all this while, but I don’t have any special feelings for you…” Joan tried to explain to him by all means. 
Needless to doubt, Jake could sense that Joan had never fallen for him. Nonetheless, he still took the risk to have a bet with himself. He believed that Joan who was soft-hearted would give in to him eventually! To his despair, he was still the loser in the bet. 
“Jake Wilson, do you think that you have set up a perfect plan without our knowledge? If you really have a clear conscience, why don’t you have the courage to let Joan know about the previous incidents? You’re really selfish and senseless by keeping everything from her. You’re a liar!” Larry glared at Jake with his blazing eyes and snickered. 
In an instant, Joan kept her guard up by shrugging off Jake’s arm. 
“Jake, what does he mean? You don’t have the courage to tell me about the previous incidents? Are you hiding something from me? What had happened previously? I suddenly recall how you kept telling me not to dwell on the past and look ahead.”
Jake’s anger was intensified. What have I done wrong? I have done everything for the sake of our future! 
Wrapping Joan tightly in his arms, he tried to appease her as he consoled himself simultaneously. Jake Wilson, don’t panic! I’m sure that Joan hasn’t recalled the previous incidents. If she manages to recall everything, she would have left me earlier to look for Larry Norton instead of promising to marry me, doesn’t she? 
“Joan, try to cool down and listen to me. It doesn’t mean that I don’t have the courage to tell you what had happened before. I’m just protecting you from enduring the torment again once you recall the incidents in the past. 
Is Jake telling the truth? He’s just keeping everything from me to protect me? 
By then, only the pastor and a few of them were still in the church as all the other guests had gradually left. 
“Jake Wilson, Larry is the only man that Joan loves all this while. Why are you forcing her to marry you?” Unable to hold himself back any longer, Caspian yelled on behalf of Larry. 
Out of a sudden, Jake laughed hysterically with a sense of ferocity in his eyes. 
I shouldn’t have made a mistake by falling in love with Joan Watts. If she really follows Larry and leaves today, we can only be enemies for the rest of our life! 
“Don’t go away with him. If not, we will become enemies for the rest of our life!” Jake hissed at her. 
Joan was stupefied by his words. It never crossed her mind that he would have blurted out those words with such a ferocious look.
“J-Jake, I’m sorry but I can’t marry you…You’re not the man whom I love!” Joan stammered as she mustered up her courage to tell Jake. 
She doesn’t love me? So Larry is the man she loves? Jake stared at Joan with his icy-cold gaze. In the end, I’m still a loser! What a joke! No matter how much I have sacrificed for her, her mind is fully occupied with another man!
###Chapter 2877
Chapter 2877 
“So you’d rather leave me to be heartbroken?” Jake asked sorrowfully. Joan was aghast at his terrifying countenance at the moment. As he bit his lips hard to suppress the burning rage within himself, there was even abhorrence in his eyes. 
Joan Watts, if you really opt for Larry today, I want you to be regretful for the choice you make today for the rest of your life! 
Da*n it! How did Larry Norton know about this place? 
“Jake, don’t waste your time and effort anymore. Just accept the fact that she doesn’t love you. If she really loves you, she wouldn’t be in hesitation. What’s the point of shackling both of you in a marriage without love?” Larry yelled apprehensively. 
Even though Joan had not regained her memories, at least he was sure that she did not love Jake. That was already a great comfort for him. 
Joan’s eyes were welled up with tears and she was seconds away from an emotional breakdown. 
She shut her eyes in weariness. It was as if she was torn apart by two different forces. Part of her was urging herself to escape from Jake, whereas the other part of her was reminding her of his sacrifices for her. If she opted for freedom, she would be an ungrateful person. Now, she was in a daze, not knowing which she should choose. 
“Joan, wake up! Have you forgotten about what he had done to you previously? Do you still remember Faye? He even thought of murdering you because of her!” Jessica yelled out at her in agitation. 
The moment Jessica mentioned Faye’s name, Joan shuddered as she was overcome by a sharp pain in her chest.
Ouch! 
She clutched her chest tightly, hoping that the excruciating pain would subside. Who is Faye? Why did my heart start to throb the moment I heard about her name? 
She seems to have forgotten about Faye as well! Ah! Since she has forgotten about me, for sure she can’t recall others as well. Looking intently at the woman standing not far away from him, Larry’s heart was filled with indescribable desperation. How he wished he could leave at once with Joan; yet, he did not dare to act impulsively. 
“Jake, I’m terribly sorry. Even so, we can still be friends, right?” Joan grabbed hold of Jake’s arm and asked sincerely. 
Friends? So I’m just a normal friend to her? I believe she is aware of my intense affection toward her all this while. Why is she being hypocritical by asking this question again? 
Women are indeed the same in general! They are all really pretentious and tend to throw all their promises aside as they please. Nevertheless, I have made up my mind that I won’t let her off easily this round! 
“If you choose to leave me today, we can’t be friends anymore! We can only be enemies!” Jake replied firmly with a glint of coldness flickering in his eyes. 
Why is he so persistent? Why is he forcing me to marry him even after he knew that I don’t love him? Can he really accept a marriage without love? 
Jake, are you sure you understand what love is about? If you do, why are you torturing me? 
“I’m really thankful to you for whatever that you’ve done for me. In my eyes, you’re my mighty savior. Yet, I can’t love you affectionately like how a woman loves a man. You know well about this, don’t you?”
Joan said softly as she approached him. 
Yeah, she is right. Of course, I know well about all these long ago. Yet, I don’t care as long as she can stay by my side forever! 
It’s really great torture for me to be trapped in this unrequited love. Since I can never catch Joan’s eye, I would switch to possess her in this way! 
“Jake, just put everything to an end! Let go of Joan and stop torturing yourself! From today onwards, we won’t cross paths with each other anymore. You would be able to embark on a new journey as well!” Larry tried to talk him into letting go of Joan. He had managed to cool himself down and 
actually sympathized with Jake on his persistence in winning Joan’s heart. Nevertheless, he knew that hard work was never the key element in the eyes of love. 
It was undeniable that Jake had sacrificed a lot for Joan. Aside from that, he had no doubt that Jake was really deeply in love with her. Even so, the relationship between men and women could not be solely built on sacrifices and one-sided love. 
“Joan, have you thought it through?” 
Larry’s charismatic voice and steady gaze were irresistible for Joan, luring her to leave the place at once with him. 
Right that instant, Jake moved swiftly to the front of her to block her way. 
Both Caspian and Jessica were dumbfounded. They understood that they were not supposed to be involved with the current commotion. If not, the tense situation would surely be escalated. 
“Jake, I’m sorry!” On the instant, Joan pushed him hard aside abruptly and made a dart toward Larry.
Larry stretched out his right hand and gripped Joan’s hand at once. Without hesitation, they dashed out of the church. Both Caspian and Jessica also ran out of the church immediately and tried to catch up with their pace.
###Chapter 2878
Chapter 2878 
Inside the church, only Jake and the pastor were left behind. 
The pastor stood up with his hands together and closed his eyes. There was a pleased expression on his face. On the other hand, Jake slumped onto the stage and raised his head upward as he tried to hold his tears in. However, they still flowed out eventually. 
Meanwhile, Joan and Larry jogged the whole way with excited expressions on their faces. A long time later, they finally stopped at the beach. 
The pair looked at each other affectionally as they held each other’s hand tightly, unwilling to let go. Although she did not remember him, for some reason, she felt a sense of familiarity as she looked at the man in front of her. 
He’s Larry! The man who they said I’d loved before. She cocked her head to one side, studying his face as she subconsciously moved closer to him. Unknowingly, she reached out to gently stroke his face. It was a very familiar touch. 
Gradually, she closed her eyes. 
As it had been such a long time since they saw and touched each other, Larry was unable to hold back any longer. He pulled her in, placed his hand around her waist before leaning in. Then, his lips met hers. 
Joan was somewhat overwhelmed by the sudden kiss. She wanted to push him away, but somehow, she was also very addicted to his kiss. Soon, she got into his rhythm, and as they hugged, they made out…
Not far away, tears trickled down Jessica’s face when she saw that sight. The couple was finally back together after going through such a tough situation. Only friends who had been with them would know how tough the pair had it during that period of time. 
Caspian instantly pulled her into a hug, wiping away her tears. “What’s wrong? Are you envious of them? I can also give you…” 
“Shut up!” she interrupted before he could complete his sentence. 
This is great! They’re finally together again. 
“Will you go home with me? Lucius and Ms. Young miss you a lot,” Larry said gently. 
Instantly, Joan’s eyes dulled. 
But what about Jake? She began to feel conflicted. 
“Larry, I don’t think I should go back for now. I haven’t recovered my memories after all, so I don’t know how to face them,” she said guiltily as she lowered her head. 
Of course, Larry understood her feelings. Although he hugged her even tighter, there was a trace of disappointment in his expression. 
Soon, the group of them returned to their country. 
Della had already heard about what happened between Joan and Jake. Thus, as soon as she found out that Larry had returned, she immediately headed for Norton Corporation. 
Bam! The door was kicked open. 
However, Larry continued with his work without even raising his head.
This idiot. I didn’t think he’d bring Joan back so soon! Also, didn’t she lose her memory? Why’d she follow him back? 
Della stared in disbelief at the man behind the desk, finding the situation very strange. 
“Why are you here?” he asked calmly. 
“I heard Joan’s back?” she said, shooting him a glance full of jealousy. 
So? What does she want to do now? 
He raised his head to look at her suspiciously. He seemed to have realized her true abilities. If something did not go as planned, she would not give up on it. Thus, if he were right, she would give Joan a hard time in the future. There was no doubt about it. 
“Della, if you dare to harm her, I won’t let you off!” he said fiercely with a cold expression. 
He had lost Joan for such a long time. Therefore, he would not let anything happen to her since she was finally back. 
Wow, judging by how he’s acting right now, he’s still just as worried about that b*tch as before! Instantly, there was a burst of anger in her heart. Why can’t he focus on me instead? Even if it’s just a little! I wouldn’t need to do all this then!
###Chapter 2879
Chapter 2879 
“If there’s nothing else, you can leave now.” 
Leave? To where? To find Joan? Della snorted coldly. I’ll never let that b*tch off! 
Now that Joan was out of Jake’s protection, she no longer needed to fear Jake’s power. Furthermore, Larry could not do much to her either. 
She slowly walked over to the sofa and took a seat. One day, I’ll show everyone how I defeat Joan! 
Larry glanced at the disappointed-looking woman sitting on the sofa but simply ignored her. 
Meanwhile, Joan, who had just returned to the country, did not go home. Since she still could not remember Lucius and Delilah, she did not dare to face them. Instead, she moved into Abelyn’s villa. 
“How have you been, Joan? Do you remember anything?” asked Abelyn carefully as she stared at her anxiously. 
Joan met her eyes and smiled awkwardly, then shook her head. It’s already been so long, but I still haven’t recalled anything. 
“There’s no hurry. Don’t worry. You’ll recover your memories soon,” Dustin comforted as he handed her a banana. 
Really? Joan looked out the window as a trace of guilt flashed across her eyes. Such a long time had passed, but she still had no impression of the people around her. 
Suddenly, she hit her head hard, trying to force herself to recall something.
Dustin instantly ran over to pull her hands away, then gently rubbed her head. “Why’re you so silly? Hitting yourself won’t help you recall anything.” 
“Yeah, don’t force yourself, Joan. We’ll wait. Don’t be too anxious,” said Abelyn anxiously as she grabbed her hand tightly. 
No one was willing to see Joan get hurt, much less self-harm. 
“Now that I’m in this state, do you guys hate me?” she asked in a shaky and low voice. She sounded unconfident and unsure of herself. 
Silly girl! We all feel so heartbroken for her. Why would we hate her? Dustin lightly patted Joan on the shoulder. “As long as you’re safe and sound, it’s the greatest comfort for us.” 
Upon hearing his words, she felt touched. Who am I to deserve so many people protecting me? 
However, there was a weird feeling in Abelyn’s heart when she saw that scene. She shook her head, trying to compose herself. 
“What are you saying! We’re all good friends. These are what friends are for.” She then nudged Joan and smiled, although there was some reluctance behind it. 
Indeed, she was jealous. 
However, Abelyn did not understand why she was jealous of Joan and Dustin. Dustin’s been my good friend all along. That didn’t change. Then, could it be that I’ve unknowingly fallen for him? No way! 
Just then, Abelyn suddenly stood up and left. 
What’s wrong with her? Why did she suddenly leave? Dustin looked curiously at her as she left.
“Have I disturbed the two of you?” Joan whispered. 
Instantly, he snorted and said, “What on earth is going on in your mind? Abelyn and I are just good friends!” However, for some reason, he felt rather weird after saying those words. 
Abelyn, who was then hiding in the room, had heard what he said in the living room. Her eyes slowly dimmed with sorrow. He’d always regarded me as a good friend. That has never changed. 
She sighed, squeezing her clothes as a disappointed expression appeared on her face. 
They clearly have some feelings for each other. Why’re they hiding it? Joan stared at Dustin as she pondered, feeling very puzzled.
###Chapter 2880
Chapter 2880 
Indeed, onlookers could see the situation clearly compared to participants. In the eyes of others, Abelyn and Dustin’s relationship had long exceeded that of normal friends. However, they had both convinced themselves to regard each other as good friends. 
“What do you want to eat tonight, Joan? I’ll cook for you!” said Abelyn loudly as she suddenly exited the room. Although she had asked calmly, Abelyn had to admit that she had other motives for asking that question. She did not want Dustin and Joan to spend time alone. 
“Why’s your face so red, Abelyn?” Joan asked and pointed at her. 
“Huh?” She touched her own face, and indeed, it was warm. 
Anxious, Dustin then ran over to place his hand on her forehead. 
“There’s no fever. Why are you so flushed, then?” he asked, lowering his head to look her in the eye. 
At that moment, his proximity and pheromones made Abelyn feel a little suffocated. She concealed her anxiousness and slowly made her way beside Joan. Da*n you, Dustin. Why were you sticking so close to her? 
“I’m fine. Maybe I’m just getting too hot. Why’s the weather so hot!” she said as she walked into the kitchen. 
Meanwhile, Larry was dealing with something else in Norton Corporation. 
Bam! Jake rushed in with a fierce aura. Caspian immediately ran into Larry’s office, fearing that something bad might happen.
“Where did you hide Joan!” shouted Jake coldly, his tone full of resentment. 
Larry looked at the man in front of him and snorted coldly. He had already known that Jake would come searching for him, so naturally, he was well-prepared. He immediately replied with a hint of sarcasm in his tone, “I’m not you. I don’t have to hide anyone.” 
Looking at the resolute, confident face in front of him, Jake was angered. This idiot looks like he wants to start a war with me! 
“You didn’t hide her? Where is she then?” 
However, Larry simply looked at him with contempt. 
He clearly knew that Joan didn’t like him, but he was forcing her to marry him. And now that she has rejected him, he’s still here to pester her. What a stubborn man! 
Larry looked the other man in the eye, slightly worried. He was worried that Joan would be threatened by Jake in the future and that he would take revenge on her. 
Although he had not interacted a lot with that man, Larry understood his temperament. He knew that once Jake set his mind on something, he would be unscrupulous. 
“Just give up, Jake. Set both of you free. Aren’t you letting Faye down by taking such extreme actions now?” said Larry deliberately. 
Although he did not know what Faye actually meant to Jake, he knew that she had sacrificed a lot for him. 
As soon as Jake heard the word “Faye,” he was stunned. He lowered his head as a trace of guilt flickered across his eyes. Yeah, I admit I don’t love that woman. But it’s also true that she sacrificed a
lot for me while we were dating. 
However, feelings would not appear just because one gave up a lot for the other. All along, Joan was the person that was deep inside his heart. It had taken him a very long time before he finally realized that. 
“Don’t try to bring in other unrelated matters. Hand Joan over to me! I need to talk to her,” Jake shouted, his tone rude. 
Then, Larry slowly walked over to the sofa and took a seat as a cold flash of light flickered across his eyes. 
Since he knew that Jake was emotionally unstable then, he definitely would not hand her over to him. Who knows if he’d harm her when he sees her. 
“Didn’t we make things clear that day? What else do you have to talk about?” asked Larry without even raising his head to look at him. 
“Don’t forget that I was the one who saved her. Hurry and hand her over!”
###Chapter 2881
Chapter 2881 
Is she seriously here to visit Joan? What has gotten into her mind? Wasn’t she the one behind Joan’s misery? How dare she drop by to visit her? 
Wait! Is this part of her scheme? When that particular thought crossed Larry’s mind, he stopped her at the entrance. Consequently, Della responded with an awkward smile. It was evident that she wasn’t welcomed there. 
“Who is it?” Joan walked over, but the moment she saw Della at the entrance, she unwittingly took a few steps back. 
Horrified by Della’s presence, Joan couldn’t help but wonder if the woman at the entrance was there to harm her again. 
“Joan, I’m here to visit you,” Della immediately explained the reason she had dropped by. 
What does she want from me? Why is she so concerned about me all of a sudden? She must be up to something again! 
Joan urged Larry in a soft voice, “Why don’t you let her in?” 
With that, Della forced a smile and made her way into the office. 
“Are you feeling better yet?” Della asked in a sincere tone while she approached Joan. This time, it wasn’t a pleasantry as she was genuinely concerned about Joan’s condition. 
“Thanks for asking. I guess I should consider myself lucky because I’m still alive,” Joan replied with a good-natured remark, curious about what the woman before her was up to.
“Joan, please forgive me for the things I have done. I was young and ignorant back then. Allow me to express my utmost apologies.” 
Uh… What on earth is happening? Gaping at the duo’s conversation, Larry got on his guard instantly. Della’s apologizing to Joan? He had never seen Della admitting her flaws and mistakes in front of others, yet she showed up out of nowhere and begged for Joan’s forgiveness. 
Subsequently, the eyes of the confused man narrowed to a slit while a suspicious look crept up on his face. 
What exactly is Della up to again? More importantly, what’s wrong with Joan? 
Why did she allow Della to join us when she knows that the woman is up to no good? 
“I guess it’s time to move on from the past. It’s not a bad idea to let bygones be bygones,” Joan muttered her reply. 
If she truly means it, I don’t mind burying the hatchet. However, if it’s merely part of her trick to lure me into another trap, I won’t forgive her! 
That said, Joan had a hard time telling whether Della was being sincere due to her seemingly flawless act. She’s a natural-born actor, huh? A few minutes ago, she was so cheery when she showed up at our doorstep, yet she’s looking sullen and remorseful now. 
“Are you sincerely apologizing?” Larry glanced at Della and deadpanned his question. 
Della added, “Yes, Mr. Norton! I’m here to apologize for the things I have done to Joan in the past. Please forgive me. On top of that, allow me to express my utmost gratitude for the aid you have provided my family and our company.”
Since when has he done her any favor? Clueless, Joan turned around and cast a skeptical gaze at Larry. 
I guess Mr. Duff has told her everything. 
Once Larry figured out the reason behind her sudden change in behavior, he nodded in acknowledgment. At least she has a conscience. 
‘”Larry, nothing I say can possibly undo my mistakes, but I hope you can forgive me,” Della dropped her head and apologized with a look of guilt. 
As someone who had always known right from wrong, she would refrain from doing anything extreme to win Larry over. 
Clenching her fists with all her might, the anxious woman thought she must have lost her mind back then. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have done such unforgivable things to them. 
Since Della seemed genuinely remorseful, Larry responded with a relieved grin. Perhaps Fred did the right thing. As long as she can learn from her mistakes, there’s still hope for her. 
“Your father will be proud of you as long as you refrain from causing him any trouble and focus on improving the company’s condition. Also, your father needs you more than ever before. Please keep him company if it’s possible,” Larry added while giving Della a meaningful look.
###Chapter 2882
Chapter 2882 
Fred might have told her about their company’s condition. However, there was a huge probability that he had yet to reveal his actual physical condition to his beloved daughter. 
After all, no parent would want their child to worry about them. 
However, it might be too late should he continue keeping her in the dark. 
Larry narrowed his eyes and looked out the window, wondering if he should tell Della everything about Fred. 
Della tapped on his shoulder and asked, “Larry, is something bothering you?” 
“Are you aware of your father’s actual condition?” he replied with another question. 
When she heard him, she lowered her gaze. She recalled that the maids had once vaguely mentioned something about her father’s condition. Does Larry know about it? 
After she took a deep breath to gather her thoughts, she mustered her courage and asked in a determined tone, “Larry, can you tell me everything you know about my father’s condition?” 
Great! That’s the way she’s supposed to behave as the heiress of a renowned family! No matter what is in store for her, she should brace herself for the upcoming challenges! 
“Alright, I’ll tell you everything.” Having said that, he headed over and took a seat next to her. 
Staring at the duo in the living room, Joan’s mind was all over the place, but it wasn’t because Larry was sitting next to another woman. Instead, she was anxious on Della’s behalf.
Although they had merely been together for some time, she knew that he wouldn’t put on such a serious front unless it was a big deal. 
“No way! What kind of joke is this?” 
All of a sudden, Della sprang up from her seat and yelled, “My father’s a healthy man! He has only been coughing!” 
“Della, coughing is merely one of the many symptoms of his illness. To be precise, it’s something much more serious than just coughing.” 
Although she knew that Larry wouldn’t lie to her, she had a hard time embracing the truth. In fact, she even wished that it was merely a lie. 
She stuttered her reply, “L-Larry, tell me you have been lying! You’re merely trying to intimidate me, aren’t you? I promise you that I’ll work hard from now onwards! Please tell me it’s a lie!” 
No! Larry must be lying to me! I’m sure Dad is fine! Immediately after she retrieved her bag on the couch, she catapulted in the direction of the entrance. 
When she was merely one step away from the entrance, Larry yelled, “Della, can you stop deceiving yourself? You know better than anyone else that I have been telling the truth!” 
Joan rushed over to his side and grasped his arm, urging with an anxious look, “There’s no need to be so harsh to her. Can’t you talk about it nicely?” 
Della slumped against the couch and lowered her head, her eyes brimming with tears. Weeping, she made up her mind to pull herself together and support her father on the road to recovery. 
After she wiped her tears dry, she announced, “Larry, I’ll get the best doctor in the industry to tend to him! I will try everything I can to turn the tables around!”
Larry heaved a sigh of relief and responded with a proud grin. That’s the Della I know! Truth be told, he had always known that she was a good person in nature. 
Larry took note of her request and advised, “I’ll try to help, but you need to keep in mind that you’re the only one your father can rely on. So please stop infuriating him from now onwards.” 
By then, Della had made up her mind to turn over a new leaf and stop acting recklessly. After she gathered her thoughts, she grabbed her bag and left. 
Thump! 
When someone pushed the door open and barged into the living room, Fred, who happened to be sitting on the couch, had the shock of his life. 
What is wrong with her? Why does she seem so anxious? Confused, Fred had his eyes glued to Della who was standing at the entrance. 
“Dad.” Once Della rushed over to Fred’s side, she took a seat next to him. 
He turned around and looked at her, asking anxiously, “What’s wrong?” 
Della enunciated her reply determinedly, “Dad, I want to learn the proper way to manage the company!”
###Chapter 2883
Chapter 2883 
Huh? Is she out of her mind? What’s with this sudden change in behavior? Has she been scolded by Larry again? I guess I owe Larry a favor if he’s really the one behind it. 
For the first time, Fred felt proud of his daughter. 
Della repeated her request in a resolute tone, “Dad, if you’re free, why don’t you tell me the unspoken rules of the corporate world?” 
Although it seemed like she had changed for the better, Fred was afraid that it was only a spur-of-the- moment decision. Thus, he said, “I don’t think you’re clear-headed now. We’ll carry on with the conversation when you’ve really thought it through.” 
He got up from his seat and went upstairs after he turned down her request. How am I not clear- headed? I can’t possibly act like everything is fine when your health has deteriorated to such a serious extent! She knew she had to prove to her father that she was being serious about the matter. 
Snuggling in Larry’s arms, Joan asked, “Larry, why did you bring that matter up in front of her? Didn’t Mr. Duff tell you to keep his condition confidential?” 
Heaving a long sigh, Larry asserted, “I know I’m supposed to honor my promise, but I can’t possibly stay out of the matter. On top of that, he’s going for another surgical operation soon.” 
It wasn’t wise to keep Della in the dark as it was her father’s life that was at stake. As the only one Fred could rely on, Della had to be made aware of her father’s condition. 
“Della is a kind-hearted woman. Therefore, she definitely won’t leave her father alone since he needs her by his side.”
Indeed, she seems like a spoilt brat, but in crucial times, she is still well aware of her obligations. 
Out of the blue, Joan said, “Actually, she’s quite pitiable.” 
“You have forgiven her?” Larry raised her chin and asked, his brows arched in confusion. 
Why not? She was just ignorant back then. Besides, she already has enough issues to deal with. When he caught a glimpse of her melancholic look, he knew that the woman had forgiven Della. 
Proud of his forgiving better half, he let out a smile. 
Later, he held her firmly in his arms and said, “I’m so sorry for the things you had to go through.” 
Grinning, Joan closed her eyes as her lips curled into a smile. It doesn’t matter as long as you are with me. 
Thereafter, the relationship between Della and the duo changed for the better. 
Meanwhile, Della started keeping an eye on her father. When she saw her father with a cup of ice cream in the living room, she sprinted over and snatched it away from him. “Dad, you’re not allowed to eat that!” 
He went after her and yelled, “Hey, it’s not like I’m eating it on a daily basis! Give it back to me!” 
In return, Della offered, “Dad, how about I cook something for you? Actually, I have great culinary skills!” 
What? Since when did she learn to cook? What sort of culinary skills is she talking about? His brows furrowed in puzzlement as he had never seen her daughter in the kitchen.
“I bet you’re surprised, huh? I’ll get going and start preparing immediately!” Della made her way into the kitchen after that. 
Although he was unsure of the reason she had turned into a different person overnight, Fred was touched by her change in attitude. 
He considered himself a lucky man because he was able to witness his daughter’s transformation. 
Although Della no longer held a grudge against Joan, she didn’t bother to explain everything to Abelyn. Hence, Abelyn was still bearing hatred toward Joan. 
Just when everyone thought Joan’s life would finally return to normal, someone started plotting against her. 
Joan! Della might have given up, but not me! Abelyn’s hands balled into fists while her face contorted in rage.
###Chapter 2884
Chapter 2884 
Suddenly, Caspian barged into the office and gasped out the news, “Larry, something’s wrong with Joan!” 
Larry jolted up from his seat and rushed out immediately after he retrieved his jacket. “What’s wrong?” 
“A woman in the mall insisted that Joan has abducted her daughter.” 
How is that possible? Joan would never do such a thing! Although she has always been fond of children, she would never take someone’s child away! I think it’s just another misunderstanding. 
Wait! Is someone scheming against her again? 
But Della is now on good terms with Joan. Who still holds a grudge against Joan? Gabriella? No! It’s impossible because she has completely lost her memories! 
Gabriella, who was next to Joan, yelled, “Stop picking on us!” 
“Have you no shame? Stop embarrassing yourself already!” 
“Yeah! Can’t you start a family with your husband or something?” 
“She must be out of her mind.” 
The onlookers engaged in a heated discussion with contemptuous expressions while pointing fingers at Joan who was pushed to the ground. 
“Shut up! Have you guys not heard me? It’s not Joan’s fault! Someone’s trying to frame her!” Gabriella yelled at the woman on their left.
Who gave them the audacity to utter such out blunt lies? I’ll teach them a lesson and let them know their place! Irked, Gabriella placed her hands on her hips, emanating a menacing aura. 
“How can you blame this innocent woman over here when she’s the victim?” 
“Ms. Ward, can you stop twisting the facts?” 
Shortly, the onlookers surrounded them, reprimanding Gabriella for defending the woman they deemed at fault. 
Infuriated by the insolent bunch’s behavior, colors drained from Gabriella’s face. They didn’t bother to conduct their due diligence and acted as though they were the righteous ones. 
“Argh!” Joan shrieked in pain when someone kicked her. 
“Joan, are you okay?” Gabriella returned to her friend’s side and asked concernedly. 
“I’m fine. We should get going immediately.” She tried to bring herself up and leave the scene as soon as possible since no one would listen to her. 
“Where do you think you’re going? Are you going to kidnap someone else’s child again? Have you no shame at all? Shouldn’t you be apologizing?” 
“She’s right! You should apologize!” 
Why should I apologize when I haven’t done anything wrong? Joan grasped the hem of her shirt while her eyes were filled with indignation. 
When Joan was on the verge of breaking down, Gabriella warned the onlookers, “Stay out of our way! Joan is Larry’s girlfriend! You’re all going to get on his bad side!” 
However, they paid no heed to her words and thought it was another lie.
“Ms. Ward, are you sure out of your mind? What’s wrong with Larry? Why would he get into a relationship with a woman like this?” 
“That’s right. We’re talking about the almighty Larry! She doesn’t deserve him!” 
In the end, the onlookers started picking on the duo for lying again. 
Joan felt awful and started doubting herself because of the onlookers’ mean remarks. I’m not a member of any renowned family, but I have worked hard and given my best in life! I don’t deserve to be humiliated like this! 
Suddenly, a familiar voice interrupted the onlookers. “Shut up!” 
Surprised by what she heard, Joan turned around and saw a man closing in from afar. 
Why is he here? The confused woman started sizing him up. 
Meanwhile, Jake repeated himself. “Have I not made myself clear? Get the hell out of our sights at once!” 
Intimidated by the notorious man’s warning, the crowd did as instructed and dispersed without further ado. 
After that, the man approached Joan and asked, “Are you okay?”
###Chapter 2885
Chapter 2885 
Joan smiled timidly and shook her head in silence. Meanwhile, Jake was embarrassed by Gabriella’s intense stare. 
Nudging her friend, Joan asked, “Gabriella, what are you doing?” 
“Huh? Oh! He’s quite hot, so I couldn’t look away…” Gabriella didn’t bother to conceal her thoughts at all. 
I had never met such a blunt woman! 
Gabriella then initiated a handshake and greeted the man, “Hello, I’m Gabriella!” 
Oh? So she’s Gabriella… Jake chuckled and returned the favor, greeting with a bright grin, “Hello, my name is Jake.” 
He had heard of the things Gabriella had done to get the better of Joan. Thus, he was confused when he saw her defending Joan. 
Gabriella leaned toward Joan and whispered, “How are you guys related?” 
Has she always been a gossipmonger? 
Since Joan merely glanced at her in silence, she pouted her lips. “Hey, hurry up and tell me everything!” 
Joan whispered in return, “Sure. I’ll tell you later.” Isn’t it obvious that he’s a friend of mine? 
“Mr. Wilson, care to join us for a meal?” Gabriella brought up her request in a shy manner.
What is she trying to do? Confused, Joan took another peek at the woman next to her. While she had been trying to stay away from the man, Gabriella actually asked him to join them for a meal. 
“Why don’t you guys go ahead without me? I need to tend to something else.” 
Suddenly, Jake broke the silence, asking rhetorically, “Come on! Are you telling us you don’t even have time for a meal with us?” 
Joan was taken aback by his response. He’s got a point. Why am I making things so awkward between us? On top of that, he seemed to have moved on from her for real. 
Meanwhile, Gabriella started growing suspicious of the relationship between Jake and Joan. She got increasingly befuddled the more she looked at the duo in front of her. 
Gabriella tapped on the man’s shoulder and asked at the top of her lungs, “Hey Jake, have you picked on Joan before?” 
Judging by Gabriella’s serious tone, Jake knew she wasn’t putting up a show to deceive others. It looks like she’s genuinely treating Joan as her friend. With that, he smiled and shook his head in denial. 
“Aren’t we having a meal together? Shall we get going already?” Joan dragged the woman next to her and walked out of the mall immediately. 
Coincidentally, once Larry got out of the car, he saw the trio, who were on their way out of the mall. 
What are they doing? Why is Jake right next to them? The man furrowed his brows in dissatisfaction. 
“Watch your head!” Jake urged while helping Joan get into his car. 
Instantly, Larry’s expression darkened.
What exactly is she up to? Why has she boarded the man’s car when she’s supposed to stay away from him? And what about Gabriella? Why did she tag along with them? 
“Larry, we—” Caspian, who had caught up to Larry, couldn’t finish his sentence as he was surprised by what he saw as well. 
“Let’s go after them and find out what they’re up to!” Having said that, he returned to the car. 
Meanwhile, Caspian was on pins and needles. 
In the car, Gabriella started pestering the man. She asked, “Jake, do you have any cravings?” 
Holy moly! She’s so annoying! Jake took a peek at Joan and suggested with a smile, “Why don’t we go get something both of you like?” 
He’s quite thoughtful. Gabriella’s lips curled into a satisfied smile. 
On the other hand, Joan remained silent and avoided Jake’s gaze, looking out the window in a trance.
###Chapter 2886
Della knew Jake would have called, so she switched her phone to silent mode. 
"Let us go, Della! You know what Larry would do to you if you don't!” Abelyn shouted. 
Della eyed her briefly but did not say a word. 
So what? | don't care. 
Besides, who'd know it was me who kidnapped you? Joan knew Della wasn't one to play nice, hence Joan ignored her. 
Joan made a mental note to be careful whenever she was around Della from the moment she met Della at Jake's villa. 
“What is it, Joan? Don't you have anything to say?" Della turned around and stared at her. 
Joan quickly turned away to face the window without saying anything. 
/ have nothing to say. 
Besides, I'd never want to be near someone like you! Da*n you! How could you ignore me like that? Della gritted her teeth and continued to glare at her. 
Fine, I'll fet you be for now. 
Just wait and see what I'll do to you! Della turned back and looked ahead. 
"So? Have you found them?" Larry ran up to Dustin. 
"No, I'm sorry.
This was all my fault. 
| shouldn't have left them alone’ Dustin said guiltily. 
"Now's not the time to apologize. 
We should hurry up and find them!” Larry comforted him as he patted him lightly. 
Larry was never one whod let emotions get to him. 
He knew perfectly what his priority was. 
Wait, perhaps Jake took her? Larry stopped in his tracks. 
“Larry, Joan came back with you and you promised to protect and take good care of her. 
So, why are you coming to me when you lost her?” Jake said harshly. 
However, Larry was not in the mood to have a heated discussion with him. 
he merely wanted to confirm Joan's whereabouts. 
"Well, | don't know. 
She hasn't been to my place? Jake said and intended to hang up. 
"Jake, is it true that you didn't kidnap Joan?" Larry questioned. 
Jake crushed the cigarette in his hand as his eyes lit up angrily. 
“No, | didn't” With that, he hung up the call.
ff it wasn't Jake, then who would it be? If they merely wanted some girl's time, they would have made a call and reported their whereabouts. 
Larry gradually became worried as time went by. 
Similarly, both Caspian and Jessica seemed helpless as well. 
"Caspian!" Larry suddenly called out. 
“Go find out what Della's been up to these days.” Perhaps she had something to do with Joan's disappearance! Larry frowned and squinted his eyes as he looked at a far distance, lost in thought. 
/ was planning to take her home to visit Lucius and Delilah today. 
Well, | guessed | was too late. 
Della was a businesswoman, after all. 
Thus, she was more meticulous than others. 
She was in her office, busy flipping through some documents when her assistant entered. 
“Someone called earlier, Ms. 
Duff’ She looked up and stopped writing as the corners of her mouth curved into a playful grin. 
She had expected Larry to hire someone to spy on her. 
Hence, she quickly arrived at the office to create an alibi for herself. 
At the same time, both Joan and Abelyn were trapped in a hotel room.
"I'm sorry, Abelyn. 
This is all my fault. 
You're in this position all because of me.’ Joan sat on a sofa as she stared at Abelyn. 
"Nonsense! We're besties! So stop talking rubbish!" Abelyn responded. 
Both Joan and Abelyn could not see a thing as the room was pitch black. 
Yet, they were able to remain calm as they talked to each other. 
What's taking Dustin so long? He's usually pretty smart. 
So what's with the delay this time? Abelyn closed her eyes anxiously.
###Chaptet 2887
Chaptet 2887 
"Joan, we have to stay awake? Abelyn reminded. 
Huh? Joan lifted her head with a weird look on her face. 
"But I'm tired. 
Let me sleep for awhile” she answered groggily. 
"No, don't! Joan, wake up!" Who knows what Della would do to them while they were asleep. 
Abelyn thought. 
It did not take long before Joan fell asleep. 
Bang- Larry burst into Della's office. 
Della was mentally prepared and anticipated that this would happen as soon as she saw Larry's displeased expression. 
{ can't believe you'd do anything for Joan! "Della, be honest with me, did you kidnap Joan?’ Larry asked coldly. 
What does he want to do? Hit me? Della turned to face the window and cleared her throat before facing Larry. 
"I don't know what you're talking about. 
If you're here because of Joan, please leave immediately.’ She gestured at the door. 
She refused to discuss with him any matters that involved Joan.
Anger rose within Larry's heart as he glanced at the woman's cold expression. 
Jake and Della were most likely to kidnap Joan and both of them had ill intentions towards Joan. 
Hence, he had no choice but to watch their every move and confront them. 
"Della, if you let Joan go, then I'll forget what you did in the past,’ Larry reminded. 
Della was stunned for a while before she composed herself. 
She understood what he meant, but would not do according to his wishes Larry, you've never considered my feelings! Della gripped the corners of her shirt tightly as her expression hardened. 
Forget it, I still have a backup plan. 
If all things fail, I'll hand her over to Jake! "You may leave now. 
I'm very busy;' Della said. 
She picked up a file from her table and began to flip through it. 
Della felt sad as she watched the figure leave. 
If only you could look at me for once, I wouldn't have taken things so far! Bang! She threw the file onto the ground as streams of tears flowed from her eyes. 
Oh, Larry, why are you so mean to me? Larry was very troubled; hence, he decided to confront Della. 
Yet, he was aware that she would not tell him the truth. 
“Larry, calm down. 
We should plan things out,’ Dustin muttered.
He's right. 
Searching like a headless chicken wouldn't be of any help. 
We must come up with a plan and search with a purpose in mind. 
Or else we'd be wasting time. 
Larry began to brainstorm and discuss with Dustin and the lot. 
Larry and the others came up with a plan to spy on Della and Jake. 
Hold on, Joan! I'm coming for you! Larry stared at a lighthouse, he was all worried. 
On the other hand, Dustin was more worried about Abelyn. 
Abelyn was a very carefree person who spoke and did whatever came to mind. 
Hence, he was worried that her impulsiveness may cause trouble and would get Joan involved. 
Both Joan and Abelyn sat on the sofa in the dark room with haggard expressions. 
Abelyn would have panicked if she couldn't hear Joan's breathing. 
"Joan, wake up!" Abelyn whispered. 
However, Joan did not respond. 
Why are you sleeping so soundly? Abelyn scooted over and nudged Joan. 
Click! The lights in the room were switched on.
Della sneered as she watched them in such a terrible state. 
She then walked towards them and sat beside Joan.
###Chapter 2888
Joan's face was red and her eyes were closed. 
"Wake up, Joan!” Della shouted. 
However, Joan did not move as her eyes remained closed. 
Della was impatient as she grabbed a cup of water by the table and splashed it directly on Joan's face. 
"Hey! Stop that, Della!" Abelyn shouted angrily. 
“Urgh...’ Joan shook her head and thought to herself. 
What's going on? Why is my head spinning? She tried to open her eyes to look at her surroundings. 
What is this place? Where am I? She looked around in confusion. 
"You're finally awake. 
What's wrong? Don't you remember what happened earlier? Perhaps you'd recognize her?" Della pointed at Abelyn. 
Huh? Why's Abelyn here? Wait! I remember now. 
Abelyn and I snuck out to get some fresh air and Della kidnapped us. 
She finally recalled everything that had happened. 
"Della, you only wanted me all this while, so let Abelyn go. 
She has nothing to do with our business so you shouldn't have taken her with you!" Joan said firmly.
ls she ordering me? Della observed her and snorted disdainfully. 
How dare she give orders to me? "Stop it, Joan. 
I'm not leaving you alone. 
We're sticking together no matter what!" Abelyn hurriedly responded. 
Wow, it seems like they share a close bond! Della turned away in irritation. 
What's so great about her? Why would Larry risk everything on the line for someone like her? Moreover, Abelyn was also willing to risk her life for Joan. 
Della closed her eyes and took a deep breath to calm herself. 
/ don't get it. 
!m so much better than her. 
Yet, countless people chose her over me! "Della, come at me and leave her out of this!" Abelyn roared. 
I wish you could see what a hypocrite you' are! Della then took her bag and left the room. 
Pfft! There's no true love in the world. 
it was merely an act! Her heels made a clicking sound as she walked further and further away from the room. 
"Ms. 
Duff, should we clean the room?" "There's no need for that.
By the way, no one should enter the room without my permission!" On the other hand, Jake was already seated in Della's office. 
"Why, hello there, Mr. 
Wilson. 
What brings you here today?" Della asked as she walked to her desk. 
"Tell me. 
Where have you hidden Joan?" Jake asked. 
Hmph! ! knew you must have come for Joan's sake! I must say, she really is something. 
It hasn't even been a day and so many people have started looking for her. 
What's so special about a hideous girl like her who pretends to be a weakling. 
Della's heart was instantly filled with jealously. 
“What're you talking about? I wouldn't dare do such a thing. 
I thought she was taken away by Larry?" she replied deliberately to change the subject. 
What a liar! You should know better than anyone else what you've done! Jake eyed her as he took a sip of tea. 
“What's wrong? Are you afraid to own up to your actions?" Jake questioned. 
Della glanced at him anxiously.
She clearly knew that Jake was someone who'd do things without considering its consequences. 
In fact, he was more ruthless than Larry. 
"L can hand her over to you, but not now; she quickly answered as she tried to calm herself. 
Unfortunately, Jake was not someone who‘ follow orders. 
He stood up and approached her slowly and looked at her in the eye coldly. 
“Hand her over now, or you'll regret it; he threatened. 
Della knew what he was capable of, but she refused to be controlled by him. 
No! I will not yield under his control. 
I want to do things my way! I must break free from his control when I have the chance!
###Chapter 2889
"Please mind your tone, Jake. 
Let me remind you that you're asking me for a favor now- Della lifted her chin arrogantly. 
I've had enough of being your puppet! Oh my, how dare you threaten me? I guess you've grown some courage to go against me now. 
Jake tried to suppress his anger as he walked back to the sofa and sat down. 
Yes, / have to stay calm to avoid complicating matters! "lL want to see her now,’ Jake's tone softened. 
He merely wanted to make sure she was safe. 
My feelings for her had never changed although she betrayed me in the past. 
Besides, I know I've said many harsh words to Joan. 
But, I did so hoping that I could convince her to say with me! Unfortunately, I've overestimated my place in her heart. 
"Why don't you just let it be since she doesn't have any feelings for you?" Della asked. 
If he had no feelings for her, { could do all the terrible things to her without holding back. 
However, I could tell that he still has feelings for her. 
So I can't do as I please. 
He's known as someone who pays an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.
if he knew I harmed Joan, he'd never let me off easily. 
“When are you handing her over to me?" he asked. 
“One week later” Della turned and walked to the window. 
Jake then left the office without a word. 
Larry's men instantly reported back to him as soon as they spotted Jake entering Della's company. 
“They're always up to no good whenever they're together, Caspian muttered. 
“Or maybe, Jake demanded Della to hand Joan over to him?" Larry lowered his head to think. 
Perhaps Della was the culprit behind Joan's disappearance? "Continue to keep an eye on Della. 
And remember, report back to me immediately as soon as something comes up,’ With that, Larry hung up. 
it seemed like Della was the number one suspect behind Joan's kidnap! Jessica knew what he was thinking of judging from his facial expression. 
Jessica and the others gathered around Larry's phone as they waited for any news to come. 
Yet, Larry's phone did not ring for a long time. 
On the flip side, Joan and Abelyn leaned against each other as their bodies trembled. 
Abelyn knew that Joan must be afraid. 
"It's okay, Joan. 
I believe Larry would arrive in no time and get us out of here," Abelyn comforted.
Yeah, you're right! My entire mind's filled with images of his face and I've been waiting for him to come all this while. 
But he hasn't shown up yet. 
“Abelyn, could you tell me about my past? As in everything before I lost my memory,’ Joan tried to change the subject, hoping it would lessen the fear in her heart. 
Your past? Abelyn was taken back by her words and hesitated. 
We weren't friends for a long time. 
Hence, I have very little information about what happened between you and Larry. 
The only thing I knew about both of you were the moments you've shared with me. 
“Alright, ‘ll tell you whatever I know. 
Abelyn began to share the stories of Joan's past vividly. 
Abelyn purposely shared the happy moments to ease Joan's fear and she could not help but laugh. 
"Really? Was I really that dumb?" Joan asked in disbelief. 
She could not recall the silly side of her in the past. 
Joan's silly side lies in the fact that she was always very considerate of others. 
Consequently, evil people like Gabriella and Della took advantage of that as they bullied and framed her. 
The root of all these incidents was merely ill fate.
###Chapter 2890
Sometimes Abelyn couldn't help but wonder. 
Why are there so many women who want to be with Larry?It's true that he is handsome and outstanding in every aspect, but there are plenty more fish in the sea. 
Larry isn’t the only brilliant man on earth, so why are they so adamant about being together with Larry? Caspian is an exceptional man. 
Even Dustin is amazing too! At that thought, Dustin's smile flickered across the back of her mind. 
Abelyn felt her blood rising to her cheeks. 
She was starting to believe she had truly fallen for Dustin. 
Joan, on the other hand, had long known Abelyn’'s and Dustin’s feelings for each other. 
"Joan, let's say there are two really, really close friends. 
Best friends, if you may. 
Do you think there's a chance for them to be... 
| don't know... 
a couple?" Abelyn lowered her voice as she asked sheepishly. 
The rhetorical question was enough to capture Joan's attention. 
Oooh, someone's finally getting struck by Cupid! “Of course, there's a chance! Why wouldn't there be? Human relations have always worked in an enigmatic way.
That being said, it is rather common for friends to turn lovers," explained Joan in a gentle manner. 
Hearing Joan's answer, Abelyn's face blushed even redder. 
Bang! "Come out! The one called Watts, out! Now!" Suddenly, a man slammed the door open and hollered towards the two women, startling them both. 
Joan and Abelyn sneaked a glance at each other. 
What's going on? Abelyn inched towards Joan, keeping the latter close to herself, terrified of what awaited Joan behind the door. 
"Are you f*cking deaf? Watts, come out immediately!" Seeing the women not moving, the man thundered again. 
Only when Joan regained her senses did she realize he was asking for her. 
"What do you want from her? If there's anything you want, take it out on me!" retorted Abelyn, still guarding Joan with her. 
The man was starting to get impatient. 
With huge strides, he marched towards the two women, grabbed Joan by her arm, and yanked her towards the door. 
Out of nowhere, the man let out a scream of anguish, "Argh! You b*tch!" The man tried to tear his leg away from Abelyn. 
Abelyn, on the other end, kept her teeth clamped firmly onto his leg, refusing to back down. 
Thud! With brute force, the man swung his legs, sending Abelyn flying across the room and hitting the wall.
Abelyn clutched her arm, her face twisted in agony as she groaned. 
That cruel b*stard! How dare he! Joan was fuming. 
“Abelyn!” Joan turned her gaze towards the woman crouching at the corner. 
As their eyes met, Joan shook her head slightly, signaling the other to not act rashly. 
That was the last Abelyn saw of Joan before the latter was taken out of the room. 
Meanwhile, in the private room, Della was lounging on a couch, sipping her wine lazily in a relaxed manner. 
Joan was pushed into the room and a chill ran down her spine. 
At first glance, Della had the impression of a ruthless person, and Joan was intimidated. 
Joan took a deep breath in an attempt to calm her nerves. 
“What do you want from me?" swallowing her fears, Joan whispered. 
Della raised her gaze from the wine glass in her hands and stared intently at the woman before her. 
Slowly and elegantly, Della raised herself up from the couch and glided across the room, approaching Joan before lifting Joan's chin. 
An aura of murderous intent emanated from Della's eyes. 
Seeing Della's fierce gaze, Joan instinctively took a few steps backward. 
What does she want?Her gaze, her aura...
she couldn't possibly have me killed, could she? Joan gulped as she kept her eyes locked at the woman towering above her, shrinking away in fright. 
Err...1s she scared? Della traced and caressed Joan's face with her finger as she leaned closer. 
"Leave Larry" Della narrowed her eyes. 
Her voice glazed with venom as she spat out the words. 
Joan was taken by surprise. 
/s she in love with Larry? Joan eyed Della warily, but at the same time, her curiosity was piqued. 
Well, Larry is such a great man. 
Who wouldn't fall in love with him? “You've got the wrong person. 
| have no relations with him,” stated Joan plainly. 
If she were being honest to herself, Joan did fantasize about being in a loving relationship with Larry, but when she cleared her head and think logically, she would always suppress the longing she felt within her heart. 
After all, she hadn't regained her memories. 
There was no way Joan would allow her heart to plummet when she barely even knew the man, even if they had shared a kiss. 
At the memory of the kiss, regret overwhelmed Joan's thoughts. 
Larry is going to think I'm easy now, isn't he? Joan hammered her fists against her head, snapping herself out of her thoughts and back to reality.
Della was perplexed by Joan's reaction. 
What's this reaction?Could she really have zero feelings for Larry?Even if she had lost her memories and had forgotten about Larry, shouldn't she remember his familiar warmth or smell when she's around him?
###Chapter 2891
"I'm serious, Joan.Leave Larry.You two are not suitable for each other, continued Della. 
If she had simply asked Joan to leave Larry, perhaps Joan would have complied. 
After hearing those words, however, Joan felt an unexplainable wave of anger and annoyance. 
What does she mean by saying we are not suitable for each other” How can one determine if someone is suitable for oneself or otherwise 7if I'm not suitable for Larry, does that automatically make her a fit for him? Joan let out a dry laugh, her eyes filled with contempt as she glared at the woman in front of her. 
Love is something mutual between both parties. 
As long as one party does not reciprocate the other party's feelings, the relationship would be filled with troubles and turbulence. 
How could she not understand such a simple principle? Joan turned her head away, refusing to give the woman in front of her the time of day. 
What kind of attitude is this? Della felt her anger rising. 
She sure can be arrogant! Out of the blue, Della grinned and took Joan by her hand and pulled the latter towards the couch. 
As Joan fell onto the soft landing, Della held up her wine glass and announced, "Come on, let's get drunk tonight!" What is Della up to?Why did she ask for me? What's her purpose?For me to accompany her as she drinks?0r get me to leave Larry? Joan was totally confused.
Della smirked subtly. 
All these were part of her carefully thought-out plan. 
Della was not a fool. 
She always carried out her schemes with absolute precision and caution. 
Unfortunately, unbeknownst to Bella, Jake's and Larry's men were in the same hotel she was in, possibly foiling her perfect plan at any time. 
"Sorry, | don't drink." Joan turned down the invitation without hesitation. 
Who knows what horrible things she'll do to me if | get drunk. 
Best to be wary in this day and age. 
"What, you're looking down on me too? First Larry, now you? Why is that? Am | not good enough?" Della cried out while downing the liquor, a look of agony and heartbreak on her face. 
Joan's heart softened at the sight. 
For some reason, Joan found herself sympathizing with Della. 
Huh... 
all this is caused by foneliness.If she had a boyfriend, surely she wouldn't be in such a pathetic state. 
Speaking of which, what is with Larry? Why did he refuse to be with this woman ?Whether it's their family background or personal abilities, they truly are a good match for each other. 
So why does Larry keep rejecting her? Joan shook her head with a sigh.
Love truly is powerful and strange, making one fee! whole for a second and destroying them the next. 
"Quick, Joan! Pick out a song for me!” As she was speaking, Della shoved Joan to the side towards the karaoke machine. 
Without much thought, Joan started selecting songs for Della. 
Seeing Joan so absorbed in her task, Della’s lips curled up into a sneer. 
In a swift motion, she picked up the drink that she had poured for Joan and slipped in a pill before handing it to Joan. 
"Here! You have to have at least one drink tonight. 
Just this one!" Della forced the glass into Joan's hand. 
Joan stared at the drink in her hand, conflicted. 
"Chill out, the alcohol content in this is not high," Della quickly assured. 
Joan swirled the glass in her hand. 
The alcoho! content in this really isn't high... 
Oh whatever, having one won't kill me. 
After a moment of hesitation, Joan placed the glass on her lips and started drinking. 
PerfectiMay the show begin, Joan Watts! Della kept her eyes on Joan as the victim downed the drink unsuspectingly, gloating at Joan's predestined fate. 
"So tell me, what do you think about Larry?” Della asked Joan innocently.
Joan blinked at the question and diverted her gaze. 
That's a hard question to answer! For some strange reason, Joan found herself relying on Larry and trusting him blindly despite thinking of him as a stranger. 
Not only that, but images of Larry would randomly pop up in her mind, whether she wanted it or not. 
It seemed to be completely out of her control. 
"Where are they? Have you found them?" In the meantime, at a corner of the lobby, Larry questioned one of his men. 
"We only saw Ms. Duff, but no one else. 
Ms. Duff had entered a private room. 
It seems as if she's going drinking, reported the man immediately. 
He was not aware of Joan's presence.
###Chapter 2892
Della? Drinking alone? Here?What is she up to now?Something’s not right. 
This isn't like her! Larry scratched the back of his head, deep in thought. 
“Are you sure she's alone?" Larry narrowed his eyes and asked in a low voice. 
“Yes, I'm sure. I only saw her entering the private room alone.” They were not aware that there was a back door in the private room Della was in. 
"Since you're not up for drinking, Joan, how about some juice instead?" Della handed over a glass of juice. 
Seeing the cold woman a moment ago smiling warmly at herself, Joan began to lower her guard. 
After all, how would she know this was all part of Della's scheme? "So Joan, do you really not like Larry at all?” Della probed gently as she walked in front of Joan. 
Do I not like him?it's not that t don't like him either, no... 
but rather... 
{ barely even know him! We hardly even spend time with each other, of course, I'm not going to have any fantasies about anything happening between us. 
Even though Joan reasoned with herself, a blush crept up her face inadvertently. 
At Joan's reddened cheeks, realization dawned on Della. 
Ah, it's not that she doesn''t like Larry, she just hasn't realized her true feelings for him.
Della scoffed coldly before taking a seat on the couch and sipping her wine slowly. 
No matter what, I won't let this b*tch get her hands on Larry!Joan Watts, just wait and see! Della clenched her fist and tightened her grip on her glass, clearly displeased. 
Ring! Ring! All of a sudden, Della’s phone blared. 
Peering at the caller ID, an evil gleam flashed through Della's eyes as she quickly picked up the phone. 
"You're here? Well, come on in!" With that, she hung up. 
"Joan, I'd like to introduce you to a friend of mine. 
He's super handsome!” winked Della with a charming smile. 
He couldn't be more handsome than Larry, could he? Joan broke into a huge grin. 
Thud! Just then, the door opened and a man sauntered into the room. 
"Joan, let me introduce you to my friend, Zachary!” Della led the man towards Joan in an eager manner. 
Odd, why would she suddenly introduce me to one of her friends?Last ! check, we aren't very close. 
I was even kidnapped here! Face to face with the man, Joan gave him an awkward smile as a greeting. 
Something's wrong, I can feel it. 
Deep in her heart, Joan felt uneasy, as if impending danger awaited her. 
instinctively, she moved a few inches away. 
"Come.
Have a drink," insisted Della as she led Zachary to the table. 
Nevertheless, Della no longer forced Joan to drink. 
She had no doubt that the drink Joan had downed just now was most definitely more than enough. 
“Ugh..." Out of the blue, Joan stumbled abruptly. 
Out of reflex, she propped her body against the wall for support. 
What's going on?What do I get a headache?Why am ! feeling so hot all of a sudden?Weird, am I coming down with a fever? Joan instinctively placed her palm on her forehead. 
I really am burning up... 
However, it wasn't just her forehead. 
Her cheeks, arms, belly... 
her entire body felt as if it had caught on fire. 
Joan's body temperature flared up as she felt herself growing more restless by the second. 
She clenched the corner of her clothes and squeezed her eyes shut, taking deep breaths in an attempt to calm herself down. 
Da*n it! An uncontrollable desire arose in Joan's heart, a thirst for the opposite gender. 
Joan quickly gripped her collar tightly, terrified that she would do something indecent. 
Joan's struggle did not escape Della's eyes, especially since the latter was expecting this.
Della stood up gracefully from her seat and made her way towards Joan, amused. 
“Joan, are you okay? What's wrong? Are you feeling uncomfortable? Do you have a fever?" Della asked gently as she feigned a look of concern. 
"L.. I feel awful..." Joan stammered, sweat dripping down her forehead. 
Of course, you would feel awful!That was an entire pillf Suddenly, Della smirked before shoving Joan onto the man on the couch forcefully. 
The second Joan came in contact with the man's skin, it was as if she had found her lifeline. 
She quickly and hungrily ran her hands up and down his body.
###Chapter 2893
"| feel terrible. 
Please... 
please save me,’ Joan pleaded softly as she slipped her hand beneath his shirt. 
“It's all up to you now, Zachary!" With a final sneer, Della turned and left the private room. 
You're really playing with fire here! Zachary thought to himself as Della's silhouette disappeared in his peripheral vision. 
With that, Zachary pulled Joan deep into his embrace and caressed her cheeks gently. 
"What's going on? Why is she still not coming out? Are you certain that she entered the room?” whispered Larry impatiently, still standing at the corner. 
He had staked outside the room for a while now, observing for any unexpected motions. 
Hours passed but there was still no sight of Della emerging from the room, nor did anyone else enter. 
Larry glanced at the watch on his wrist, feeling something amiss but could not place his finger on it. 
"Mr. Norton, that private room has a back door!" One of his men appeared abruptly in the lobby, gasping for air as he reported the discovery. 
No wonder!Da*n it, Della! You have some nerve!You are one sly, scheming, manipulative bit*h! “Quick! Take me there!" True enough, Larry caught a glimpse of Della’s silhouette a small distance from the back door.
"Did anyone go inside?" Larry interrogated the man standing beside him. 
"| think | saw a man went in earlier, replied the man instantly. 
Huh?What in the world is going on?A man went into the room, but Della came out instead?Unless... 
Someone else is in the room! Larry became alert. 
/t can't be Joan, can it? Meanwhile, in the private room, Zachary had pressed his body against Joan, while Joan had let her lust overpower her reasoning. 
She no longer knew what she was doing. 
"It's so hot... 
please... 
help me...!" Joan kept her hands placed on Zachary's chest as she cried out. 
“Babe, let's take off our clothes first, shall we? Once our clothes are off, it won't be hot anymore." Zachary swallowed as he kept his eyes on Joan's chest, his fingers slowly unbuttoning her top. 
Bang! All of a sudden, Larry slammed the door open and barged inside, Rage coursed through his veins as he saw a half-naked Joan beneath a man's body. 
Without hesitation, Larry pulled Zachary away and punched him in the face, hard. 
Before long, Zachary's face was swollen with bruises. 
"Somebody, keep an eye on this b*stard!” Larry spit at Zachary before taking off his coat and covering up Joan's indecent state before carrying her up.
“It's so hot, I'm melting...” The woman in his arms squirmed under the effect of the drug. 
Her hands wandered to Larry's muscles, giving them a greedy and not-so-innocent squeeze. 
Her touch caused Larry's body temperature to rise. 
Staring down at the woman in his arms, he swallowed, a look of lust and desire flashed across his gaze. 
It had dawned on him that she had been drugged. 
Larry quickly rushed into a room upstairs. 
"Joan, wake up. 
Wake up! It's me, Larry!" rasped Larry as he gave Joan a few gentle slaps across her face. 
To his dismay, she ignored him completely and continued to undress on the bed. 
Da*n it, Della! How can you be cruel enough to f*cking drug her? Within minutes, Joan was completely exposed in front of Larry. 
At the sight of her snow-white skin, her bare breasts, and her alluring long legs, Larry felt himself slowly losing control over himself. 
Thump! Out of nowhere, Joan yanked Larry onto the bed and pressed her lips onto his skin, moving downwards, tracing her kisses from his cheeks to his lips, his neck, his chest... 
At last, Larry snapped, unable to suppress his lustful desire any longer. 
With that, a night filled with passion began.
As the dawn broke, rays of the morning sun peeked through the windows and into the room, enwrapping the pair in its golden bask. 
The couple was entangled in each other's embrace, not wanting to let go. 
"Mmm..." Joan stretched her body, preparing to turn away. 
Sensing the motion, Larry pulled her closer, locking Joan deep in his arms. 
At the contact of a man's chest, Joan's eyes flew open. 
“Abhh!" An ear-splitting scream pierced through the silence. 
Joan bolted up immediately, panicked etched on her face. 
She then yanked the covers away, only to realize that she was completely nude. 
Seeing how embarrassed and frustrated she was, Larry could not help but feel amused.
###Chapter 2894
Chanter 2894 
"You, get up! Now!" Joan shrieked and slapped Larry on his shoulder. 
Without a hint of hesitation, Larry threw away the covers, exposing himself in all of his glory in front of her. 
Joan reflectively pulled up the covers to shield her vision. 
Her cheeks were beginning to feel warm as she averted her gaze. 
“Put on your clothes!" Under her order, Larry quickly fished his clothes from the floor and started to get dressed. 
He broke out into a low chuckle, amused. 
We're already an old married couple. 
| can't believe she still feels shy. 
Sh*t! I'm doomed!How could | have accidentally slept with Larry? What am ! gonna do now? Joan scratched the back of her head in frustration as fear flashed across her eyes. 
"Why? Do you want me to stay a little longer? | don't mind." As he was speaking. 
Larry leaned closer to Joan. 
Joan immediately shrunk away, maintaining a distance between them. 
Silly girl. 
She is even defending herself against her own husband! Larry smiled.
Thud! The door of their room was slammed open abruptly. 
A few journalists barged in. 
"Mr. Norton? What are you doing here?" one of the journalists asked, surprised. 
“He's right, Mr. Norton. 
Could you have... 
did you..." another journalist stammered. 
In reality, Larry had expected this outcome. 
Naturally, there wasn't a trace of surprise on his face. 
Joan, on the other hand, was terrified as she covered every inch of her skin with the blanket. 
“Who sent you here?” questioned Larry coolly. 
The two journalists that had spoken before exchanged glances, hesitating as they fidget awkwardly. 
However, the few journalists behind them had long taken a few photos of the scene. 
“Um, Mr. Norton. 
Please excuse us, we seemed to have entered the wrong room...” With that, the two journalists hurried out of the room, keeping their heads lowered and avoiding eye contact. 
Nevertheless, the other journalists continued clicking the shutters on their respective cameras in a bold manner.
All that mattered to them was the humungous scoop! As the group departed, Larry closed the door behind them before making his way towards Joan and taking the covers off her. 
His heart ached upon seeing her trembling body and terrified gaze. 
"They have already left, don't worry. 
Here, you can put on your clothes now;' Larry promised gently. 
Staring at the face in front of her, Joan's mind drifted into a daze. 
Da*n it!Joan Watts!Pull yourself together!This is Larry Norton! Joan pinched her thigh with all her might, snapping herself out of her thoughts. 
"Say uh, don't go around telling people about what had happened between us last night! | must have had too much to drink to have done this. 
After today, we'll each go our own way, not owing each other anything. 
After all, you've taken advantage of me last night as well. 
Call it a night with benefits if you may,’ Joan told Larry sternly as she got dressed. 
To her surprise, Larry suddenly hugged her from behind and leaned closer to her ear. 
"Don't you think last night was... 
magical?" whispered Larry in her ear. 
His warm breath on her skin made her hair stand on end. 
Joan was startled out of her wits.
Her body froze in its place as her breath quickened, along with her heartbeat. 
Oh gosh!What is wrong with me?Could | have fallen into his traps... 
fallen for him? Joan raised her fists to hit her head, but her movements were blocked by Larry. 
"Silly girl! Did you think this would change anything? We're meant for each other. 
The special connection we have isn't something you can just run away from or refuse to acknowledge! I'll wait for you, for you to regain your memories. 
Even if it takes me a million years! And once you do, we will remarry! Cross my heart!" Larry declared. 
Hold... hold on a sec. 
Remarry?Does he mean that we were already married? To each other? That's impossible... 
The events of last night... 
that wasn't my first time? Joan turned around and stared intently at the man in front of her, her gaze filled with curiosity. 
"Who exactly are you?" she interrogated sternly. 
Who he was, however, was not of importance. 
What really mattered was the fact that her feelings towards Larry had not changed, just that right now, she refused to accept it.
###Chapter 2895
"Once you've regained your memories, you'll understand everything” Larry picked up his jacket and made his way towards the door. 
He stopped abruptly as a thought flickered across his mind. 
He turned around to face Joan with a smirk, “Ah, right. 
What happened between us last night would have most likely made the headlines by now" What?0h, no! That's it! It’s over! My reputation and innocence have gone down the drain! Joan paced back and forth as anxiousness filled her heart before stopping in her tracks. 
Wart, no! The most important thing right now should be saving Abelyn! "Larry! We have to rescue Abelyn! She's still in the hotel, hurry!” Joan grabbed Larry by his arm, preventing him from leaving, her words inked with tremendous worry. 
Instantly, Larry became alert and raised his guard. 
He fished out his phone and dialed a number. 
"Dustin, come over! We're going to rescue Abelyn!" Joan held Larry by his hand and led him to the room where she was locked in while praying for Abelyn’s safety. 
“There it is!" Joan announced, pointing at a room in front of them. 
"Joan! Larry!" Some distance away, Dustin sprinted towards the duo. 
He had lost count of how many red lights he had run over on his way to the hotel, but that was not the most important thing to hin at the moment.
They asked for the room key from the receptionist. 
As they finally flung open the door, disappointment fell when they saw the room empty. 
What's going on?Abelyn was here, I'm sure of it! Joan turned the room upside down in search of Abelyn, but to no avail. 
Tears started streaming down her face in panic and anxiety. 
“Larry, we really were in this room! Why is Abelyn gone?" Joan sobbed as she hit Larry on his shoulder, her face distorted in pain. 
At once, Larry pulled her tightly into his embrace in order to comfort the weeping woman. 
"It looks like they've moved. 
Dustin, check the surveillance cameras!" The trio barged into the security control room of the hotel without hesitation. 
As expected, Abelyn had been carried away by a few men. 
It looked as though she was unconscious. 
"What are we gonna do? What if she got into trouble? What if she's harmed? It's all my fault! It's all my fault..." Joan wept as she repeatedly hit herself on her head, blaming herself for what happened to Abelyn. 
After Larry made sure Joan was safe with Caspian and Jessica, he and Dustin went out on a search for Abelyn's location. 
Larry had no doubt in his heart that Joan would beat herself up to no end if anything were to happen to her friend.
Unfortunately, after Abelyn had been taken away, they had lost track of her. 
Wait!Joan had been locked up for so long! Maybe she can tell us something! Larry poked his head into the car. 
He stared at Joan and asked carefully, "Joan, do you know who was the one that kidnapped you and Abelyn?" It was Della! Joan widened her eyes at the memory. 
That little b*tch! "Della. 
Della kidnapped us; replied Joan quickly, her voice trembling. 
| knew it! Larry balled his hands up into fists, his nose flared in anger. 
When on earth is Della going to quit? What else could she possibly have planned? Larry turned and headed to the balcony, his eyes darkened by rage as he kept his gaze on nearby trees. 
"Where are you?” He asked through the phone with no hint of emotions in his voice. 
“Why? Does the great almighty Mr. Norton finally miss me? Didn't you already have a beauty in your arms?” retorted Della, her words laced with sarcasm and envy. 
Not only did Joan not sleep Zachary as she had planned, but it was also Larry with whom Joan had spent the night! / basically made it easy for her fumed Della as she gritted her teeth in anger. 
“Let us talk” Talk?What's there to talk about?You have already rescued your dear damsel in distress, what else do you possibly want to talk about?Every corner of the media today is about you and Joan! Don't you already have what you want? "Pardon me, Mr. Norton. 
I'm busy today.” With that being said, Della was fully prepared to hang up.
"Della!" thundered Larry all of a sudden. 
"Don't you go too far! I'm sure you're fully aware that | have been lenient in order to maintain the peace between us. 
If you go too far, | will not hesitate to make you regret what you've done for the rest of your life!” threatened Larry over the phone. 
Did he just threaten me?Who does this son of a b*tch think he is? Not bothering to give a reply, Della cut him off. 
She only had Abelyn left in her hands, and she was not going to give away her one remaining trump card so easily.
###Chapter 2896
Upon noticing the miserable look on Larry's face, Joan's heart sank. 
Looks like even Larry is powerless this time. 
Meanwhile, Dustin was pacing at the side, panic seeped through every inch of his bones. 
"We don't even know where they've gone. 
That's the biggest problem!" Caspian and Jessica smile wryly upon seeing Dustin's torment. 
Their hands were tied as well, despite wanting to help. 
"Don't worry, Dustin. 
I will not stop until we find Abelyn! | will help out on any matters concerning Joan.” With a final pat on Dustin's shoulder, Larry picked up his coat and walked out. 
Joan kept her eyes focused on the diminishing silhouette, her heart filled with worry. 
Guess there's only one way left! Larry took out his phone once more and scrolled through his contacts before landing on a number. 
He quickly pressed "call", tapping his feet impatiently as the line beeped. 
"Mr. Duff, there's something that | need your assistance with,’ announced Larry the second the other person picked up. 
You guessed it. 
Their last source of help was none other than Fred Duff, Della's father.
"What? Della kidnapped Joan? That girl must have gone crazy! Don't you worry, | will teach her a good lesson!" After hearing the situation from Larry, Fred declared in anger before bursting into a fit of coughs. 
Larry was concerned for the old man's health even through the phone. 
“Are you alright, Mr. Duff? Are you sick?" Larry asked gently. 
It was no secret that Fred was in his golden years. 
It wouldn't be a surprise if he wasn't as healthy and fit as he used to be. 
“I'm alright. 
The weather has just been a little chilly lately. 
I'll be fine after taking some meds" After all, that was nothing new to Fred. 
it was sad that Della had changed. 
If she hadn't met Larry, perhaps she would have obeyed Fred's orders no matter the circumstances, but now, her mindset seemed to have changed. 
She was no longer the mature, kind, and generous woman she once was, but rather, she had become immature, sensitive, and stubborn. 
Fred already knew of the possible outcomes. 
Even if he were to call Della now to interfere with her plans, Della would not listen, unless some huge changes were to happen. 
Such as...
me losing my life. 
The two men conversed for a few more minutes before hanging up. 
After the call, Larry lifted his head to gaze at the starry night, his eyes filled with grief. 
You used to be such a kind person Della, why have you become so... 
arrogant and unreasonable?What changed you? Larry heaved out a sigh, feeling a sense of loss, before turning to leave. 
In the meantime, after they had ended the call, Fred immediately dialed Della's number. 
"Dad? What's wrong? It's so late now, why the sudden call?” Della annoyance seeped through the receiver. 
Fred let out a few coughs before clearing his throat and started lecturing his daughter. 
"Della, Larry and Joan are already married! Why must you get in their way?" Fred huffed as he reprimanded Della, agitated. 
All parents only wish for the best for their children!As a father, who wouldn't want their children to thrive?Unfortunately, Della makes him worry about her. 
"Dad, this is none of your business! What happens between me and Larry is none of your concern! Stop interfering!” snapped Della. 
You're right! thought Fred. 
if you weren't my daughter, how would | have gotten involved in this mess? "Free Abelyn at once! And stay away from Larry.
Stay away from Joan. 
Just live your own life, will you?" Fred tried to persuade her. 
Alright then, Larry!Finding my dad to help fight your battle?7How despicable of you! "Dad, | told you! Stop worrying over this, | have it under control! There's something else | need to do now, bye!” With that being said, Della hung up instantly. 
However, unbeknownst to her, Fred was coughing up blood on the other end due to his anger towards her stubbornness. 
"Mr. Duff, are you alright?" one of his housemaids rushed forward in exclamation. 
Within minutes, Fred was sent to the hospital. 
"Ugh..." What's going on?What's with the sudden headache? Della massaged her forehead in an attempt to relax. 
it's probably nothing.
###Chapter 2897
Let Abelyn off?No way!Larry, you should give up that thought.Unless you exchange her with Joan. 
Della processed her emotions and walked forward. 
Meanwhile, the moment Larry stepped into the living room, Joan rushed forward and asked, "How is it? Have you found her?” “Don't worry. 
We'll definitely find her. 
I've already sent people to look into it. 
They'll notify us once they've found something,’ Larry comforted while patting Joan's shoulders lightly. 
The others in the living room were staring out the window gloomily. 
In the office, Jake slammed the newspaper in front of Della before growling out, “Della! Look at what you've done!" Della had anticipated his reaction, so she simply grabbed the newspaper and tossed it into the bin calmly. 
She never expected that something like that would happen. 
And that Larry would be at the hotel then. 
"Ms. Duff. 
Aren't you going to give me an explanation?” Jake was furious. 
What's there to explain? What's done is done. 
It's not like | could turn back time.
Della glanced at him and remained silent. 
Bang! Jake slammed his fist onto the desk, startling Della. 
It seemed like he would not let her off easily. 
Della got up slowly and walked over to Jake with an indifferent expression. 
“Jake, you should know that accidents happen. 
It's just like how Larry appeared when you were proposing to Joan last time. 
These things are out of our control” Her calm composure surprised him, for he knew that she used to go all bonkers whenever Larry got close with other ladies. 
What's with her sudden change in behavior? { can't believe how calm she is. 
Jake could not figure her out. 
Regardless, he still wanted an explanation from her. 
“That's not what you told me! Della, you should know my character by now. 
I never give up halfway, and | never forgive those who try to stand in my way;' he warned Della. 
Naturally, Della was used to his temper. 
Did he think that | was the same naive girl back then? She snickered at his underestimation of her abilities. 
During her time in the country, she had taken the opportunity to increase her power and partnered up with several big shots in the industry.
As such, she no longer needed to fear being oppressed by Jake. 
"What happened has happened. 
It's a fact that Larry and Joan slept together. 
So why don't you start planning for your next step instead of focusing on the past?" Della reminded him. 
Her advice sparked Jake's attention. 
indeed. 
What happened has happened. 
Rather than wasting my time thinking about it, | should start planning my next move. 
Besides, Delia's no fonger the same naive lady that first stepped foot into the country. 
She's slowly but surely becoming one of the big shots in the industry. 
It's only a matter of time before she can reach my level. 
Jake had actually realized Della’s ruthlessness early on. 
With that, he turned and left her office. 
At the same time, Abelyn was still lying on the bed, asleep and unaware of what was happening outside. 
Thud! Just then, Della walked in, her expression frigid.
Woken up by the sound of the door, Abelyn blinked her eyes open before struggling to sit up. 
“How is it? Are you comfortable?" Della asked in a mocking tone as she walked toward her before pinching her cheeks.
###Chapter 2898
What is the b*tch up to now? And where did she bring Joan to? Abelyn glared at the woman in front of her, displeasure evident in her eyes. 
“Where did you bring Joan to?” Joan? Della scoffed as she did not expect Abelyn to be concerned about Joan when her own life was at risk. 
Smack! Della slapped Abelyn, turning the latter's cheeks red in an instant. 
What a loyal friendship they have. 
Della stroke her hair lightly before bending down and whispered in Abelyn's ears. 
"Joan? She escaped without you” Impossible! Joan would never leave me behind. 
Della must be lying to me. 
Abelyn shook her head forcefully. 
"Don't believe me?" Della threw the newspaper at her. 
"She's currently getting intimate with Larry. 
| reckon she's too busy to care about you” As Abelyn stared at the intimate photo of Joan and Larry, tears began to well in her eyes. 
Could it be that she's actually telling the truth? Joan, did you really abandon me?Where is your conscience? Abelyn held her tears back, trying to stay strong. 
What a dumb woman.
She actually believed what | told her. 
Della smirked. 
"Why? Finally seeing her true colors? Look at how she betrayed you! I mean, why is she taking so long to save you? She knew that you're with me, after all.” Della was trying to sow discord between them and it worked. 
Abelyn could not hold back her tears any longer. 
Yes! Cry all you want! Della was elated upon seeing how aggrieved Abelyn looked. 
She then walked toward the window with her eyes narrowed. 
Joan, seems like you've gained one more enemy. 
Abelyn felt helpless. 
After all that she had done for Joan, all she got in return was a betrayal. 
At that moment, hatred took root and started to grow within her. 
Achoo! In the living room, Joan sneezed suddenly. 
“What's the matter? Did you catch a cold?" Larry rushed over and felt her forehead. 
Joan shook her head in response. 
However, she had a throbbing headache worrying about Abelyn. 
She wondered if Della had done anything bad to her. 
“Larry, is there still no news of her? I'm certain that Abelyn is with Della.
So let's go and find Della, okay?" Joan was pacing back and forth anxiously. 
Larry wanted just as much to find Abelyn so that he could appease Joan's worry. 
However, Della had been trying hard to avoid him. 
She had ignored his calls and even managed to shake off the people that he sent to track her. 
"Calm down. 
This is not as simple as it seems. 
Dustin and | are already brainstorming for a solution’ Larry consoled her. 
"How long will that take?” Joan exploded in frustration. 
A week had passed, and they had no trace of Abelyn's whereabouts. 
Not to mention, they had failed at their multiple attempts at tracing Della. 
As more time passed, Abelyn lost hope of ever being saved. 
Gradually, the trust that she had for Joan turned into hatred and resentment. 
Joan, did you really abandon me? Why would do this to me? | never wrong you in any way! Della was pleased with how things were turning out according to her plan. 
"Still think that I'm lying to you? It's time for you to wake up, Abelyn! She's not worth your loyalty! She's nothing but a two-faced woman!" Della advised Abelyn with fake concern.
###Chapter 2899
It seemed to Della that Abelyn was an easy target to manipulate. 
Maintaining a cold front, she was secretly celebrating her victory of successfully manipulating Abelyn. 
Abelyn lowered her head and fell into deep thought. 
When she raised her head again, a flash of resentment could be seen crossing her eyes. 
Joan, since you're so heartless, don't blame me for returning the favor! "What do you want me to do?" Abelyn asked. 
What else? Of course for us to work together and deal with that b*tch, Joan! "lL see you've finally gained some clarity! Well, it's simple. 
First, I'll let you go. 
Then, you'll need to pretend that you're in a pitiful state and that you've managed to escape by yourself.” Della explained carefully. 
It sounded like a decent move. 
Abelyn nodded in response. 
If she was being honest with herself, the fact that Dustin did not bother to look for her as well hurt more than what Joan did. 
It seemed to her that the relationship Dustin shared with Joan was more important than her life. 
Abelyn turned her head and stared out the window, her gaze frigid.
How could he abandon our friendship all for the sake of a woman? What a joke! "Okay, | got it” With that, Della had succeeded in setting up the perfect plan. 
Little did Abelyn know that Joan and Dustin were actually worried sick about her. 
"L-Larry, what should we do? It's been so many days. 
I'm afraid that Della might have done something bad to Abelyn;’ Dustin said as his voice trembled. 
Due to this incident, he finally realized his true feelings for Abelyn. 
"Don't panic. 
We'll continue our search for her” “How can I not panic? It's been over a week. 
What should | do if something happens to her?" Dustin exclaimed as his eyes started to fill with tears. 
From his reaction, everyone could tell the feelings he had for Abelyn. 
Nonetheless, there was still no point in panicking. 
As the current situation stand, the fact that they could not even locate Della meant that finding Abelyn would be nigh impossible. 
Knock! Knock! Somebody knocked on the door and everyone in the living room tensed up. 
Larry pulled Joan into his embrace to protect her. 
“Open the door!" a weak voice called out. 
The voice sounded familiar. 
All of a sudden, Dustin raised his head and rushed toward the door.
The moment he opened it, Abelyn fell into his embrace. 
“Abelyn! Wake up! It's me, Dustin!" Dustin exclaimed as he shook her shoulders. 
However, she did not react. 
At the hospital, Abelyn was lying on the bed with her eyes shut and an IV drip hooked to her arm. 
The corner of her lips was bleeding and she looked deathly pale. 
What happened to her? Dustin stared at her, grimacing as his heart ached for her. 
At that moment, he wished that he could take her pain in her stead. 
Just then, Abelyn opened her eyes slowly. 
/-i'm at the hospital? She checked out her surroundings. 
"Dustin" she cried out as she reached out her right hand. 
"I'm here now, Abelyn. 
You have nothing to be afraid of. 
I'll stay right with you.” Dustin grabbed her hand while looking deeply into her eyes. 
Abelyn shifted her gaze to look at Joan. 
Joan's swollen eyes were filled with tears. 
Joan! The b*tch that abandoned me! Abelyn shook her head hard in an attempt to clear her mind.
###Chapter 2900
Joan, I'll never forgive you!! treated you with sincerity, but you chose to betray me instead. 
The look in Abelyn's eyes turned cruel as she stared at Joan. 
Watching from the side, Larry turned suspicious as he witnessed the change in Abelyn. 
He stared intently at Abelyn, trying to see through her. 
“Abelyn, I'm sorry. 
It's all my fault. 
You wouldn't have been hurt if it wasn't for me. 
I'm really sorry!" Joan apologized as tears rolled down her cheeks. 
Abelyn turned to look at the flowers outside the window in an attempt to tune out Joan's apologies. 
Tears flowed down her cheeks, and she grabbed onto the sheets, trying to suppress the hatred within her. 
Joan, from now onward, we're enemies! Everyone was focusing on Abelyn’s injuries; no one noticed the change in her expression. 
“Alright. 
Now that Abelyn's back, we can finally let go of our worries. 
The doctor has said that Abelyn’s injuries are light, and she will recover after a few more days at the hospital,’ Larry announced.
Abelyn turned her head back and forced a smile for everyone. 
"I'm sorry to make you guys worry. 
But I’m fine now. 
So you should just head back and rest. 
I'll be fine with Dustin here,” she assured as she tapped on Dustin's arm. 
"Huh? Oh, sure. 
You guys should head back. 
I'll stay with her.” Dustin played along. 
"No!" Joan exclaimed. 
Everyone stared at her, confused. 
"I'd like to stay;’ Joan offered. 
Joan's concern seemed fake to Abelyn at that instant. 
"No need. 
Joan, your body is weak. 
You need to head back and rest" Best friends? The term seemed meaningless to Abelyn now. 
In the end, Joan and Larry left, leaving Dustin and Abelyn in the ward. 
Although Abelyn had returned, Joan could not get over the incident.
As for Larry, he had some uneasy thoughts. 
Due to his vast experience in reading people at work, he was certain that Abelyn held evil thoughts toward Joan. 
Finally, he could not hold it in any longer. 
He sat in front of Joan, held her hands, and asked in a serious tone, "Joan, did you have any disagreements with Abelyn?" Joan thought about it and nothing came to her mind as nothing happened when they were trapped in the same room back then. 
She looked at him and shook her head. 
Larry thought to himself, Could there be a misunderstanding? Or am | overthinking things? "Why? What's the matter?" Joan asked, worry evident in her expression. 
In the end, Larry told her what was on his mind. 
"Impossible!" Joan exclaimed and shot up from her seat. 
“That's nonsense! Abelyn is like a sister to me, and she has always been protecting me! There's no way she would hold negative thoughts toward me. 
Larry, I'm warning you, don't talk bad about her, or | won't ever forgive you!" Joan exclaimed before storming her way upstairs. 
The villa they were at was new. 
After Larry found Joan, he bought it and got her to move in. 
Joan did not agree at first but eventually relented due to safety concerns.
Furthermore, they had already slept with each other.

###Chapter 2901
Larry felt uneasy at the great amount of trust that Joan had for Abelyn. 
This meant that it would be easy for Abelyn to harm her.No.I can't let that happen! I have to keep track of Abelyn's every move. 
Naturally, Della knew what Larry was thinking and she already had a plan for it.She knew that he would be suspicious, so she did not order Abelyn to make any move yet. 
"Do you feel better?" Dustin asked in a gentle tone as he gently stroked Abelyn’s hair. 
Staring at the man before her, she let her tears flow freely as she felt comfortable being vulnerable in front of him. 
Dustin pulled her into his embrace and kept comforting her. 
"It's okay.It's over now.Stop thinking about it, and don't worry about a thing.I'll protect you from any harm, Dustin consoled, his heart aching for her. 
Over? Hmph!There’s no way this is over! I would never forgive her nor would I let her off! 
"Dustin, if what you said was true, what would you do if Joan tries to harm me one day?" Abelyn asked to test his reaction.She wanted to find out if she was more important to him than Joan. 
Dustin fell into deep thought as he stared at her. 
Silly girl! Why would she ask that? Her position in his heart had definitely surpassed Joan. 
"You silly girl.What kind of question is that? Here, drink some water to soothe your throat.Your voice sounds kind of hoarse."
Dustin passed a cup of water to her. 
Abelyn was disappointed at his reaction. 
I guess I still lost to Joan, huh. 
She took a sip of water and let out a soft sigh. 
"Abelyn!"" 
Just then, Joan appeared suddenly with a bouquet of flowers and some fruits. 
"Joan, you're here.Take a seat" 
Dustin greeted. 
Seeing how passionate Dustin was greeting Joan, Abelyn turned her back at them as a flash of disappointment flickered in her eyes. 
She uttered gloomily, "I'm tired.I'll take a nap." 
Joan kept silent as she could tell that Abelyn was jealous. 
"How is she? Is she feeling better?" Joan asked Dustin softly. 
"Yeah.She's doing well.Don't worry," Dustin replied. 
Doing well? I am obviously not feeling well at all! A wave of fury surged within Abelyn upon hearing their conversation. 
Meanwhile, as Joan and Dustin stared at Abelyn in silence, the atmosphere soon turned awkward. 
After some time, Abelyn woke up from her nap.
In truth, however, she did not actually sleep.She only did it to avoid interacting with Joan. 
"You're awake? Do you want some water? The weather is pretty dry lately." 
Joan poured her a cup of water. 
Strangely, Abelyn felt touched that Joan waited for her to wake up. 
Stop!How could I forget what she had done? Abelyn pinched her thigh to shake off any good thoughts she had about Joan. 
After a few light exchanges, Abelyn got her to leave. 
Joan was slightly disappointed by that, but Dustin failed to notice it because he was too focused on caring for Abelyn. 
On her way back, Joan kept her head down and wondered about Abelyn's change in behavior. 
Is she angry at me? Clenching her fists, she felt anxious. 
"Joan!" 
Suddenly, a man's voice that sounded familiar rang out behind her. 
Joan was stunned.She turned around, and her face tensed up when she saw that it was Jake. 
"I've finally found you!" He rushed forward to grab her arm. 
"Jake, I'm sorry..." 
Joan stuttered, unsure of what to say.
###Chapter 2902
Sorry?Sorry meant nothing without any actions.That was not what Jake wanted to hear from Joan.He was determined to bring her away that day. 
"Come on.You're coming back with me!" Jake started dragging her. 
Panicking, Joan was at a loss of what to do. 
Just then, Larry appeared. 
"What are you trying to do in broad daylight?" 
With a forceful tug, Larry pulled Joan into his embrace. 
Weirdly, Joan felt secure with him. 
"Why? Are you're here to snatch her away from me?" 
Jake shouted as he adjusted his tie. 
Larry narrowed his eyes at him. 
There was no need for any snatching. 
"Joan, you need to make a choice now.Who are you leaving with?" Jake asked in a threatening tone. 
Obviously, Joan wanted to leave with Larry. 
But... 
Joan was in a dilemma.
One of them was her life savior, while the other was someone she felt safe with. 
"I-I..." 
Joan stuttered. 
She was unsure of whom to choose. 
Larry tightened his grip on her waist and whispered, "Don't be scared, I'm here." 
Eventually, Joan made a choice.She lifted her head to look him in the eyes and said, "Larry, I have some things I need to clarify with him." 
Although Larry understood Joan's intention, he was still worried that she would get hurt. 
After all, Jake was not someone who would let a person who betrayed him off easily. 
"Are you sure?" Larry asked, feeling worried. 
Joan nodded in response. 
Larry released his grip and decided to trust her. 
"Let's go, Jake." 
Joan walked toward Jake. 
Ha! Larry still lost to me. 
Jake was gloating within. 
Larry slowly turned away, for he could not bear to witness someone he loved leaving with another guy.
Joan and Jake returned to the villa that they used to live in. 
"How is it? Doesn't it feel familiar?" 
Jake wrapped his arms around Joan from the back. 
He held on even though she struggled. 
The place did feel familiar to Joan. 
However, she felt that their relationship had drifted apart. 
Jake, I told you that I don't feel that way toward you.I only see you as my friend now. 
So why are you still hung up on it? Joan sighed. 
His persistence would only push her further away until, in the end, they might not even be friends anymore. 
Her face turned gloomy at that thought. 
"Joan, you've finally returned! I'll prepare a grand wedding for you.This time, I want the whole world to know that you're my wife!" Jake said softly in her ears. 
Joan looked out the window with a stoic expression.She had no intention of marrying him. 
"After we get married, we'll have a bunch of kids; he continued. 
"Jake!" 
Joan exclaimed as she could not hold it in any longer.
"I don't love you, and I don't want to marry you." 
Her words triggered the anger within him. 
He could not believe that she did not feel the same, especially after he had loved her for such a long time. 
Could it be that Larry talk bad about me behind my back? Jake's gaze turned sharp and cold. 
"I'm sorry, Jake.But let's just be friends." 
Joan felt helpless, for she knew that he would never agree to break up with her. 
Jake looked up at the ceiling and took a deep breath, displeasure evident in his expression. 
Over at the office, Jessica exclaimed, "Larry, are you crazy? How could you let Joan leave with that b*stard?"
###Chapter 2903
Larry knew that only Joan herself could solve the issue she had with Jake. 
Pulling himself together, he continued working and typing away. 
Staring at his nonchalant face, Jessica threw a fit. 
"Larry! Hurry and get Joan back now!" 
What on earth is he thinking? His beloved woman left with another man.How can he still keep working? Bang! Assertively, Jessica slammed her palm on Larry's desk. 
"Stop it came Larry's impassive reply.How can I not be anxious? I yearn to take Joan home more than anyone else.But I know her very well.Since she has made a decision, she'll never change her mind easily. 
"I'll go if you don't!" 
Jessica turned around and marched out of the office. 
"Jessica!" 
Larry chased after her at once. 
Jessica hit the gas and sped all the way till her car pulled over in front of Jake's villa. 
Knock! Knock! Knock! She pounded on the door. 
Joan's heart was in her mouth the second she heard the sound. 
Is it someone sent by Larry? Glancing at the door, she appeared troubled.
"Miss, who are you looking for?" a housemaid asked politely after opening the door. 
"Move!" 
Jessica shoved the maid away and stormed into the villa. 
Looking around, she yelled, "Jake! Come out this instant, you jerk! Give Joan back to me!" 
It was only then the housemaid figured out that Jessica was up to no good. 
"Miss, you're not welcome here.Please leave." 
With that, the housemaid scooped her up and flung her out the door. 
When Larry arrived, Jessica was still on the ground, rubbing her aching butt. 
Hurriedly, Caspian picked her up in his arms and marched toward the car. 
"Why are you always so impetuous? Look at you, you just got kicked out by someone else," he grumbled, knocking her gently on the head. 
I did it for Joan's sake! With her lips pouted, displeasure was written all over her face. 
Glancing at the villa pensively, Larry dared not barge in. 
After lingering around for a long while, he went home. 
Soon, the sky turned dark, and the moon hung in the sky. 
In the bedroom, Larry tossed and turned on the bed, unable to fall asleep. 
Should I give Joan a call? Taking his phone from the bedside table, he scrolled through his contact list and found the familiar number, hesitating for some time.
In the end, he gave up.He was afraid that the call might provoke Jake. 
Even more so, he feared that the man would hurt Joan. 
After what seemed like decades, he eventually closed his eyes. 
The following day, Jake didn't leave the villa for work. 
On the bed, Joan gradually opened her eyes and stretched herself. 
Her expression seemed languid yet forlorn. 
She washed up briefly before heading downstairs. 
The moment she saw Jake, she was stunned for a second. 
Why didn't he go to the office? Lifting his head, Jake greeted her. 
"You're awake." 
"Yeah.Why didn't you go to work?" she asked. 
"Didn't we agree yesterday that I'm going to hold a wedding for you again? We need to send out the invitations today! Jake answered while working on something.Sure enough, there was a thick stack of invitation cards by his side. 
Has he lost his mind? Have I not made myself clear yesterday? Joan was fuming with rage. 
"I don't need it! I told you I won't marry you!" she snarled at the man on the couch. 
Jake gave her a side-eye before getting back to his work.
That's not up to her! The wedding must go on as planned. 
I want Larry to know that Joan is now mine! 
"Jake, I've made myself very clear.Why do you insist on doing this?" she protested and stomped over to his side. 
I hate it the most when someone forces me to do what I'm unwilling to!
###Chapter 2904
Jake turned to stare at Joan. 
There was a startling, frigid glint in her eyes. 
Yes, I love her, but now I resent her too. 
This is my way of taking revenge on her. 
"I promised to give you a satisfying wedding, so I can't back out now" 
Stroking her hair, a ghost of an impish smile flitted across his face. 
But I don't need this promise of his! Joan's expression hardened. 
Meanwhile, Larry was oblivious to what she was going through at that moment. 
"Larry, look at this!" 
Jessica slapped an invitation card on his desk with an inscrutable look. 
Reading it carefully, Larry's countenance soon turned baleful. 
Joan, is this how you handle things? Glaring at the card, he felt fury spike within him. 
"Jake gave Jory the invitation card, so I brought it here" Jessica explained. 
It seemed that Jake didn't invite him this time. 
Bang! He rammed his fist into the wall behind him.
His expression was solemn and frigid. 
Should I crash the wedding and snatch Joan away? Looking down, Larry was sunk in thought. I'm so sick of this. 
If Joan really wants to marry Jake, isn't it pointless to stop her then? Besides, she has yet to regain her memory. 
"Larry, are you all right? What should we do now? Are you going to take Joan back once more?" 
Jessica asked with much concern. 
Larry lifted his head, his eyes brimming with tears. 
No, I'm giving up. 
"This time, none of you do anything" 
Larry commanded indifferently. 
Huh? What does he mean? Is he asking us to simply turn a blind eye and let Joan marry Jake? Or does he have other tricks up his sleeve? Intrigued, Jessica stared doubtfully at the man in front of her. 
Could it be that he's giving up on her? Immediately, Jessica trotted to him, reminding him gingerly with an intent gaze, "Larry, that's Joan, the love of your life!" 
So what if she's the love of my life? Whether she has amnesia or not, her feelings will not change even when she spends time with someone else. 
If she truly loves me, she'll never agree with Jake to hold this wedding! Picking his phone up from the desk, Larry plodded out of the office.
As Jessica gazed at his departing back, her heart ached for him, feeling sorry. 
Is this the end of their relationship? But they're absolutely a match made in heaven. 
What the hell is Joan thinking? How could she agree to marry Jake again? All of a sudden, she felt her head throbbing and gave herself a knock on the temple. 
"Hey, isn't this Mr.Norton?" 
Della greeted loudly while scampering toward him. 
Nevertheless, Larry was downhearted and wasn't in the mood to entertain anyone. 
It seemed that he was truly grief stricken. 
"Larry, even though Joan dumped you, I'm still waiting for you. So why don't you get together with me instead?" Della asked deliberately, trying to sound him out. 
"Scram!" 
His voice was ice cold. 
Taken aback, Della froze. 
What a jerk! He's as stubborn as a mule! Out of worry that something might happen to him, she trailed behind him, but she didn't speak another word. 
Before long, they reached a bar and Larry went in. 
Is he trying to drink his sorrow away? Looking at the bar, Della furrowed her brows. 
For as long as I know Larry, I never saw him go to a bar before.
But now, he actually came here because of Joan? He's such a hopeless romantic. 
After entering the bar, Larry asked for a private room. 
Sitting alone on a couch, he gulped down his beers continuously. 
His dejected look broke Della's heart. 
"Joan, why are you marrying Jake? Have you forgotten our love?" 
Larry shouted desperately while drinking.
###Chapter 2905
"Stop drinking already!" 
Della grabbed the glass from Larry and threw it into the trash can. 
"Who are you? Get lost!" 
He stood up to pick the glass up from the trash can. 
Meanwhile, in the living room, Joan struggled against Jake. 
"Let go, Jake! Let me go!A" 
However, he refused to loosen his grip, clutching her arm tightly. 
Joan, you're going to be with me and me alone for the rest of your life! There's no way you can escape from me! A devilish grin spread across his face as he stared coldly at her. 
"Like I said, Jake, I'll never marry you! I want to leave now!" 
Nonetheless, Joan was unable to break free from him. 
Thud! Jake tossed her onto the couch. 
In the next second, he lay on top of her, pinning her beneath him. 
What is he trying to do? A crippling fear washed over her. 
"Joan, do you know how long I've waited for this day?" 
Jake groaned, slipping his hand under her shirt.
Stunned for a second, she then recollected herself and tried to stop him. 
"Jake, you can't do this to me!" she bawled. 
Tears escaped the corners of her eyes. 
Why not? She has done it with Larry when she didn't remember a thing. 
So why can't she do the same with me? This time, I'll never give up so easily. 
Joan, you're mine today! Snap! Jake ripped her shirt apart mercilessly before feasting his eyes on her ivory, smooth skin, her tantalizing collar bones, and hourglass figure.He swallowed as his body heated up. 
"Jake, let go of me! Don't do this! I'm begging you!" 
Joan cried out in despair and anguish. 
Glancing at her pitiful look, Jake finally caved in. 
Fine, I don't need to rush anyway since we're going to have our wedding soon. 
Jake stood up, took off his jacket, and covered her with it. 
"Joan, I'm sorry.I acted too impulsively just now.Please forgive me" he pleaded, cupping her face. 
However, Joan was so petrified that she couldn't hear a word. 
"I'm sorry.It's my fault.I shouldn't have treated you this way." 
Slap! Jake gave himself several tight slaps in front of her. 
"Stop! Stop hitting yourself!"
Joan shouted helplessly, feeling bad yet enraged. 
A smirk appeared on Jake's face. 
He knew that she couldn't bear to see him get injured. 
Yet, he just couldn't win her heart. 
Is she only going to get over Larry if the man dies? "Jake, why must you do this? You know I have no feeling for you" 
Joan whimpered. 
"I know that, Joan.But you'll slowly fall for me over time.I believe our lives will get better, don't worry, he comforted her.How can I not worry? Right now, my heart belongs to Larry alone.Feeling weary, Joan turned around and went upstairs. 
Jake is no longer the same man he used to be. 
His heart is full of selfish desires now. 
Or is this his true colors that I didn't realize before? Tossing and turning on the bed, she was perturbed, not knowing how to explain herself to Larry. 
Perhaps he has already found out about the wedding.I bet he's mad at me now. 
In the living room, Jake glanced upstairs at her room with a stony face. 
Whether you love me or not, you'll only stay by my side. 
After knowing Larry's reaction, Caspian and the others had some ideas.
Sitting on a couch, he said, "I think we should rescue Joan.She must have been forced by that b*stard."
###Chapter 2906
Everyone agreed with him in unison. 
They didn't ask Larry to join their discussion, so all of them were clueless about what the latter was doing at the moment. 
"If Joan turns up at the wedding, we'll abduct her straight away" Jessica said firmly. 
Beside her, Nancy nodded in agreement. 
Abelyn needed to be taken care of, so they were not going to allow Dustin to take part in this operation. 
Ring! Ring! Suddenly, Caspian’s phone rang. 
"Hello, are you Mr.Caspian? Mr.Norton and Ms. 
Duff are drunk. 
Please come over and pick them up; a waiter said. 
D*mn it! Hanging up the phone, Caspian dashed out of the door. 
"What's going on?" Jessica asked loudly behind him. 
"I'll tell you when I'm back." 
Why are they together? Throughout the journey, Caspian's expression remained solemn. 
By the time he arrived at the bar, the two were asleep on the couch. 
"Larry, wake up. Larry!"
He shook Larry's shoulder, but the latter was totally unconscious and unresponsive, as he had drunk too much. 
Glancing at the woman, Caspian heaved a sigh of relief. 
Fortunately, nothing happened between them, or else it would be troublesome if any scandal came out on the news. 
Right away, he picked Larry up, walked out of the bar, and called Della's assistant. 
Thud! "How much have you drunk, Larry? You're really heavy" 
Caspian complained as he placed the man on the couch in the living room. 
Everyone's jaw dropped at the sight of the drunk man. 
"Oh my! He reeks of alcohol!" Jessica covered her nose. 
This was the first time they ever saw Larry drunk.She cast a disdainful glance at him. 
He obviously still loves and can't get over Joan. 
Yet, he put on a tough front. 
"Joan, why do you want to marry Jake? Tell me now! Didn't you say you're going to cut ties with him? How did things turn out this way? Don't you want me anymore? I miss you so much, Joan..." 
Larry rattled on indignantly. 
Exasperated, Nancy breathed a sigh.
What a pity! Why must this well-matched couple face so many hurdles? Why can't God have mercy on them? Gripping Jory's arm, she felt heavy-hearted. 
Suddenly, there was a knock on the door. 
"Who's that?" Caspian asked. 
"It's me!" 
What? What's Della's assistant doing here? Caspian marched out of the living room to answer the door. 
"Excuse me.Is Mr.Norton here? Ms.Duff insists on looking for him" the assistant said bashfully while holding Della. 
"Mr.Norton is sleeping.Please come again tomorrow: He was about to close the door. 
"Wait, Caspian.Look at how Ms.Duff is now.Please let her see Mr.Norton." 
What a joke! This isn't a life-and-death situation. 
They can still see each other tomorrow. 
Caspian was running out of patience. 
"No way! Mr.Norton is asleep.He will not be seeing anyone." 
"Larry, come out! What a coward! I can't believe you're hiding from me.If you don't come out soon, I'll go to your Office directly!" 
Della shrieked as her body swayed left and right. 
Has this woman gone mad? Why is she acting like a shrew?
"Larry, come out!" she continued shouting. 
Shoving Caspian out of the way, she darted into the living room. 
The moment she saw the man on the couch, the woman burst out crying. 
"You rascal! I've been pursuing you for so long! How can you be so indifferent to me? I love you so much, but you only have eyes for Joan! Why can't you give me a chance?’ Della bellowed, shaking his arm.
###Chapter 2907
The embarrassing scene left everyone feeling helpless. 
It was all because of love. 
Averting her gaze, Jessica tried to regain her composure. 
She then sauntered over to Della's assistant and said in an icy tone, "See that? Della's the one who came and stirred up troubles.We didn't mistreat her in any way" 
Ashamed, the assistant nodded in acknowledgment. 
To be honest, Delia's action is kind of embarrassing. 
"Ms.Duff, let's go home." 
She tried to help the woman up, wanting to leave this place. 
"Go away! Who the hell are you? How dare you try to split me and Larry up?" 
Della shoved her assistant away. 
Della's sudden appearance caused their discussion to come to a halt. 
Long after, she was tired from making a scene and dozed off. 
Only then did her assistant take her away. 
"Hmm..." 
On the bed, Larry rubbed his eyes before glancing around him.His brows drew together.
How strange. 
Wasn't I in the bar? As he slowly woke up, Jessica stormed toward the bed and mocked, "Oh, Larry, you're finally awake." 
Startled, he sat up on the bed. 
Why on earth is she here? He gripped the blanket close to his body, and a twinge of irritation glinted in his eyes. 
Other than Joan, he never allowed any other woman into his bedroom. 
"Don't sweat it.I'll only make a move on Caspian.Anyway, sober up and get downstairs." 
With that, she strode out of the bedroom. 
Staring at her retreating back, Larry felt relieved, and the sulkiness on his face faded away.He swiftly washed up and went down the stairs. 
In the meantime, Caspian was busy in the kitchen with a solemn look. 
"Why are you guys here?" Larry asked in a deep voice, looking exhausted. 
On the couch, Jessica gave him a death stare, giving off a forbidding aura. 
How can he still have the audacity to ask this? She replied bluntly, "lf we hadn't been here, you would've gotten into trouble." 
Anger pulsed through her veins as she recalled what Della did last night. 
What is that supposed to mean? What could've happened to me? Baffled, Larry glanced curiously at them.
"Della came yesterday" Jessica quickly explained. 
I see. 
Thank goodness they're here, then. 
Otherwise, ! wouldn't be able to clear my name. 
Gratitude gleamed in Larry's eyes. 
Unbeknownst to them, after Della's assistant took her away last night, Della actually came back again on her own accord. 
"Ah!" 
At the door, Jessica yelped out of the blue. 
Caspian dropped the spatula in his hand and sprinted out.His jaw dropped when he saw Della lying in the doorway. 
The couple exchanged glances in horror. 
Sensing that something was wrong, Larry stretched himself and strolled toward the door. 
The moment he caught sight of Della, fury gleamed in his eyes. 
What should we do now? Did she sleep here all night? 
"Hey, Della.Wake up!" 
Jessica called out and slapped the woman's cheek.
Despite so, the latter showed no response at all. 
Just as Larry and Caspian were about to carry her, Jessica stretched out her hands to block them. 
"Don't touch her.Let me do it." 
Mustering up her strength, she picked Della up from the floor in one swift motion. 
The two men couldn't believe their eyes. 
Since when did she become so strong? Caspian was perplexed as he stared at Jessica, whose body was tilted to one side as she hobbled into the living room. 
She didn't want them to touch Della because she was afraid that the latter might wake up unexpectedly and accuse the men of taking advantage of her. 
If that were to happen, the men would get entangled with her, unable to prove themselves innocent. 
After putting the woman on the couch, Jessica poured herself a glass of water and drank it in one gulp. 
Della looks slim, but she's much heavier than I thought.I'm worn out.
###Chapter 2908
Looking at the woman on the couch, Larry grew sullen. 
I can't stand it anymore. 
Why can't Della stop clinging to me? Ring! Ring! Ring! The phone on the table rang. 
Glancing at the caller ID, Caspian promptly handed the phone to Larry with a nervous face. 
"Larry, I've returned from overseas.Come and pick me up." 
It was Fred's voice. 
Larry's eyes flickered. 
I guess he still came back after all, huh. 
Mr.Duff is going all out for his daughter. 
"Sure." 
Ending the call, he turned around to get a change of clothes before heading out. 
"Hurry, Larry.Here, have some ginger lemon tea to sober up” Jessica urged from downstairs. 
"I got it? “ Larry replied. 
At the same time, Della was still sound asleep, not knowing that her father had come to the country. 
Gazing at Caspian, Jessica said resolutely, "Send her home.However, the man wasn't on the same page.
"Didn't her assistant pick her up last night? But she came back here afterward.I think it's better to wait for her to wake up and make her leave on her own.Otherwise, we don't know what she'll do again," he explained. 
Yes, I totally understand his standpoints, but I just don't want to see this woman! Jessica stomped her foot angrily before leaving. 
Ah...women... 
Caspian sighed helplessly. 
At the airport, Larry looked around, waiting for Fred. 
"Larry!" 
An old man waved at him before walking over.It was Della's father. 
"I know Della is quite unruly.I'm sorry for any inconvenience caused.Is she still pestering you?" 
Fred patted his shoulder.His tone sounded apologetic. 
Knowing that his daughter had made things difficult for Larry and harmed Joan before, he was overwhelmed with remorse. 
"Why didn't you ask Della to pick you up?" 
Larry asked, trying to change the topic. 
Fred shook his head and sighed exasperatedly. 
I don't know what my unfilial daughter is doing right now.
She didn't pick up the phone even once, though I've called her over ten times. 
Waving at Larry dismissively, he dropped the subject. 
Since Fred's return, Della had been in a deep slumber, so Larry had to take care of her.He brushed aside Joan and Jake's wedding, refusing to face the reality. 
Fortunately, Caspian and the others had it all planned out. 
In the ward, Abelyn questioned with widened eyes, "What did you just say? Jake is holding a wedding the second time for Joan?" 
"Yes, she went back again.Larry said that she wanted to cut ties with Jake, but unexpectedly, things turned out this way;' Dustin replied helplessly. 
What is Joan up to? Is she two-timing with both Larry and Jake? How fickle! Her eyes flickered with disdain. 
Judging from Dustin's response, it seemed like he no longer had feelings for Joan. 
A look of delight slowly appeared on Abelyn's face. 
My life is not bad right now. 
Every day, I'm recovering in the hospital, and the man I love is here to accompany and take care of me.I'm contented. 
But as for Joan, I will not forgive her so readily. 
Looking up, she said pitifully, "Dustin, I feel like going home."
Only when I go home can I move about freely. 
The plan Della and I devised earlier is ready to be executed, so I can't keep procrastinating. 
It's time for Joan to face the consequences of betraying me! "But Abelyn, you haven't recuperated fully, so you can't go home just yet," 
Dustin advised gently, caressing her cheek "She's allowed to go home, but you have to take great care of her’’ 
All of a sudden, a doctor came in and spoke to Dustin.
###Chapter 2909
In an instant, Abelyn's cheeks flushed beet red. 
"Of course, I'll definitely take great care of her," Dustin said matter-of-factly. 
Soon, she was discharged and went home with him. 
However, the two didn't inform Larry about it, because Dustin knew that he and the others were probably having a hard time dealing with Joan's issue. 
In the living room, Fred asked directly, "How's Della lately?" 
His gaze was piercing. 
What else can she do other than creating troubles? Yet, Larry didn't say it out loud. 
After all, the woman in question was Fred's daughter. 
"You should probably ask her yourself; he answered in a husky voice.Fred's gaze grew frigid at his answer.It looks like Della has been a pain in the ass.With his eyes narrowed, the man glanced up at the sky in deep contemplation. 
Meanwhile, Jessica was sitting on a swing in the yard, staring up at the sky with a pensive look. 
Thinking of Della, who was in the living room, she was overcome with vexation. 
Thud! Suddenly, the woman on the couch rolled onto the floor. 
"Argh!" 
Her shriek drew Jessica's and Caspian's attention right away.
When Jessica saw the woman rubbing her head on the floor, she couldn't help but burst out laughing. 
Since when did she become so dumb? She can't even sleep well. 
Covering her lips, she couldn't stop giggling. 
Staring at the scene, Caspian tried to stifle a laugh. 
"Enough! Stop laughing! What's so funny about this?" 
Della was wide awake now. 
Glancing at the watch on her wrist, her mouth hung open, and the woman seemed terrified. 
Glowering at the two, she questioned in frustration, "Why didn't you wake me up?" 
What? How can she be so unreasonable? It's so kind of us to take her in. 
How dare she demand us to be her alarm clock? Besides, she was sleeping like a log. 
There's no way we could've woken her up. 
Jessica shot daggers at the woman and sat on the couch, ignoring her. 
"Ms.Duff, we couldn't wake you up" Caspian explained swiftly, holding in his emotions. 
"What do you mean by you couldn't wake me up? Why can't a man like you wake a woman up?" 
Della grabbed the pillow by her side and flung it at him. 
In a split second, her action got on Jessica's nerves. 
How dare she bully my man!
"Della, who the hell do you think you are? What right do you have to boss Caspian around?" she roared, grabbing the remaining pillows on the couch before hurling them at Della. 
Afterward, a fight broke out between the two women, but Caspian was the one who got injured. 
"That's enough!" 
Larry walked in unexpectedly. 
Jessica hurriedly tidied her hair and greeted him. 
"Larry." 
The moment Della saw him, she simmered down and dared not misbehave anymore. 
Glaring at the three disheveled people, Larry was piqued.His gaze was full of revulsion. 
Knowing his personality, Jessica scurried behind Caspian. 
She didn't have the nerve to make a sound, afraid that he might lash out at her. 
With their heads lowered, they squared their shoulders to face Larry's reprimand. 
Much to their surprise, however, the man announced in a calm voice, "Della, your father is here.Please go and see him." 
The three lifted their heads and gaped at him in unison. 
While Jessica and Caspian were still in shock because Larry wasn't mad, Della was startled by his words.I'm so doomed! Instantly, she took her bag from the couch and ran out. 
Jessica had heard about Fred previously.
The corner of her lips curled up into a gleeful grin. 
Since Mr.Duff is here, it is bet Della will no longer be so capricious. 
"Jessica, why are you laughing?" 
Larry dragged her from behind Caspian. 
That wiped the grin off her face.She plastered on a pitiful expression, looking at him with her big, watery eyes.
###Chapter 2910
"It's not like I did anything too over-the-top..." 
Jessica mumbled, tugging at a corner of Larry's shirt. 
Caspian's expression lit up. 
If this had happened in the past, he would have gotten jealous watching her act like this to another man. 
Now, he was actually rejoicing at the fact that the love of his life was doing such a thing. 
"Don't touch me!" Larry shook her grip off. 
"Why did you have to go and get into a useless conflict with Della like that? When you get bitten by a stray dog, do you bite it back?" 
The words had barely left his mouth when Jessica and Caspian burst out into laughter. 
Jessica had the forethought to hide her giggles behind one hand in a useless attempt to cover up her emotions. 
"That's enough! I'm telling you right now, Jessica, don't ever do that again!" 
With that, Larry whipped around and went up the stairs.He hadn't planned on being too harsh on her in the first place. 
After all, she was Caspian's lover. 
Elsewhere in another villa, Jake was busy with the preparations for the wedding.
A frightened Joan could only watch him from the stairway, her knuckles white from how tightly she gripped the railing. 
It seemed to her that Jake had completely lost his mind. 
She wanted desperately to have a proper talk with him over the matter, but he refused to give her a chance to do so. 
"The invitations have all been sent out, Mr.Wilson," a housemaid told him. 
Jake made a simple sound of acknowledgment.He knew that Joan was watching him from the stairs.He didn't want to lift his head and meet her gaze for fear of seeing the disappointment and sadness in her eyes. 
Fate was truly a confusing thing. 
God would bring some people into one's life before taking them away and bringing them back. 
Nonetheless, Joan had never once focused her affections on him. 
His hand trembled slightly, tightening around the pen in his grip.He wanted nothing more than to grow old with her and live a happy life together, but that wasn't her wish. 
"Jake?" Joan called out, slowly approaching him. 
His expression grew dark. 
It seemed that she was coming to convince him to abandon the wedding ceremony again. 
"If you're here to try and persuade me to stop, I'd advise you to give up" he replied in a low, warning tone.
Joan sat down on a sofa, leaning back and closing her eyes. 
She wondered what would she need to do in order to make him give up on this plan of his. 
"Do you truly think that you'll find happiness this way, Jake?" she asked quietly. 
No.I don't think so at all.But I still want to do it. 
"I'm happy as long as I'm with you came Jake's immediate answer. 
His words sounded sarcastic and cold to Joan's ears. 
There was no way that he sincerely loved her at all. 
She pressed on, "What if I die one day? What would you do then?" 
The pen fell from Jake's grip. 
Why is she asking that? Is she thinking of doing something stupid? He stared at her, his eyebrows knitting together in worry. 
"Then I'll die alongside you; he said on purpose.Even in death, he would not let her be free.Joan turned her face away from him, hiding the tears that escaped her eyes.The wedding ceremony arrived sooner than expected, and all of Jake's friends and family were in attendance. 
He had made preparations for every single aspect of the ceremony down to the finest details, but he could never have prepared himself for what was about to happen next. 
In the dressing room, Joan was crying helplessly as the make-up artists were trying to do their job.
"Miss, you can't cry on your wedding day.Your make-up is going to look all cakey and the pictures won't turn out well." 
One of the make-up artists tried to comfort her. 
However, Joan could not care less if she looked pretty or not. 
After all, she didn't want to get married to Jake in the first place. 
After a long while, the make-up artists eventually gave up on her and left Joan alone in the dressing room, crying silent tears of pain and suffering. 
This was the worst nightmare of her life, and she didn't know if she would be able to wake up from it at all.
###Chapter 2911
Jake later walked into the room, asking kindly, "Are you ready, Joan?" Joan sat unmoving from her position on the sofa, ignoring him. 
His gaze sharpened, and his tone grew cold. 
"Today's our big day, and everyone's waiting for us outside. 
The least you could do is cooperate with me? Cooperate?By faking a smile and shaking hands with the guests outside? She scoffed. 
It was an impossible task for her. 
Ted barged through the door. 
"Mr. Wilson, Mrs. Ledger is here." Jake cleared his throat and readjusted his suit jacket before following his assistant out. 
So this was all just a show put on to impress his snobbish, high-class peers! Joan was deep in thought. 
/s there anything else | could stil! do at this moment? Picking up her handbag, she pulled out a small packet of powder and poured it all into a glass of water on the table. 
| told you, Jake, | am not getting married to you! Mustering up all her courage, she downed the entire glass of water and lay back down on the sofa, her eyes fluttering closed. 
"Where's Joan? She's running late!” Jake demanded in a low voice as he and Ted later huddled in the corner of the lobby. 
"Perhaps she's a little tired,’ Ted stammered out.
Without waiting for the assistant to finish speaking, Jake made a beeline for the dressing room. 
Upon his arrival, rage flared up within him when he spotted Joan asleep on the sofa. 
Is this d*mn woman trying to make me into a public humiliation? "Joan! Wake up! The ceremony is about to begin!" Jake shouted, but got no response. 
"Joan!" Still nothing. 
The realization dawned upon Jake like a flash of lightning, and he rushed over to her. 
When he tried to shake her awake, blood started trickling out of her nose. 
"Joan!" The panic set in. 
"Mr. Wilson, it's nearly time...” Ted entered the room, his jaw dropping at the sight before him. 
"The wedding will proceed as usual. 
Go over to the other room and inform the backup bride and groom there to take our places,’ Jake instructed before picking Joan up in his arms and running out of the room. 
Backup bride and groom? Ted's mind went blank. 
The truth was that Jake had hired some actors to play the bride and groom in Joan's and his place, just in case some sort of accident were to happen at the wedding ceremony. 
“Wake up, Joan! Hang in there!” Jake held onto her lifeless, doll-like body for dear life as he ran and ran. 
How could she do such a thing? Tears started blurring his vision and dripping down his face.
"Doctor! | need a doctor!" He burst through the main entrance of the hospital, screaming as loudly as his sore throat would let him. 
"Help!" Several hospital staff instantly rushed to his aid. 
Jake later found himself pacing back and forth in front of the emergency operation room, his mind filled with only prayers for Joan to be alive. 
After what seemed like an eternity, a doctor finally came back out with a stern expression on his face. 
"If you'd been even a minute late, she might be dead by now. 
She tried to commit suicide by overdosing on sleeping pills, but we've already flushed the drugs from her system. 
You'd better take good care of her from now on” Wiping away beads of sweat on his forehead, the doctor walked away. 
Suicide by overdose...Do you really hate me that much, Joan? Jake stood frozen, staring blankly off into the distance. 
Meanwhile, Joan lay motionless in a hospital bed with an IV drip connected to her wrist, looking frail and sick. 
“Larry! Joan tried to kill herself!" Jessica burst into Larry's office, yelling frantically. 
The man was currently taking a nap, head buried in his arms atop his desk. 
Naturally, he didn't catch a single word that she had said.
Even in his dreams, he was lamenting over the fact that it was the day of Joan's wedding ceremony and the fact that she was getting married to someone else. 
"Hey! Are you listening to me? | said Joan tried to kill herself!" He instantly jerked awake, scrambling to his feet. 
"What? Where is she? How is she now?" he demanded, grabbing hold of Jessica's shoulders.
###Chapter 2912
"The hospital!" The words stumbled out of Jessica's mouth as she pointed outside the office. 
Soon, news of Joan's attempted suicide had spread throughout Larry's friend group, who all gathered in her ward at the hospital. 
Jake didn't even have the energy to chase them away. 
All he could think about was wishing for Joan to wake up. 
Larry, on the other hand, swore to himself that he would not let Jake off the hook so easily for this accident. 
"Is this what you meant by ‘taking care of her'?” Jessica fumed, gesturing to a still-unconscious Joan. 
"Shut up!" Jake roared back. 
His patience was already wearing thin, and he wasn't in the mood to listen to anyone's yapping. 
My, my. 
Is he throwing a fit?This is all clearly his faultttf it weren't for him forcing Joan to marry him, she would have never resorted to this! Jessica pursed her lips in indignance, focusing her pained gaze on the woman lying in the bed. 
Everyone in the room fell silent as they waited for Joan to wake up. 
"Ugh..." There was a sudden movement as Joan slowly raised her hand to rub at her temples. 
"Joan; Larry quickly pressed closer to her.
"You're finally awake..." She opened her eyes with much difficulty, scanning her surroundings before forcing a weak smile on her face. 
"Why are you all here?” she rasped out. 
"I'm fine. 
Just came down with a fever, that's all” Nancy's chest squeezed painfully. 
Even in this condition, Joan refused to let anyone else worry about her. 
Jake merely stared at her, guilt and regret written all over his face. 
He had had an inkling that things would somehow turn out this way, and yet, he still stubbornly went on with the wedding. 
if she really did die, then what's the use of all my influence, social standing, and power? Previously, he had been so focused on exacting revenge against Joan and Larry that he had even considered killing her off. 
But the moment she actually tried to commit suicide, he discovered how much he cared for her and didn't want to let her go. 
“I'm hungry for meatloaf.” Joan suddenly spoke up. 
"I'll go buy some!" Caspian instantly ran out of the room. 
Elsewhere, the wedding was still going on as if nothing had ever happened, but the atmosphere in the hospital ward was strained and awkward. 
Jake stared quietly at Joan, unsure of what to say.
Meanwhile, Joan glanced at Larry, a mixture of emotions swimming in the depths of her eyes. 
The emotions she was feeling were making her scared. 
She didn't dare start up another relationship so quickly and so easily, let alone let herself fall for another person. 
Jessica and Caspian, having read the room, had both left a long time ago. 
"I'm sorry, Jake" Joan muttered, turning to face him. 
However, an apology seemed useless after everything that had happened. 
Fine. 
Jake secretly admitted that deep down in his heart he still cared for her, but that didn't mean that he would give her up to Larry. 
"Stop talking,’ he replied. 
He knew that further discussion would do them no good. 
There was no turning back for the two of them from now on. 
"l think I've made myself very clear" Joan said nervously, her eyes growing visibly wet. 
"Please do this for me.” Her pitiful, cautious manner pulled at Larry's heartstrings. 
This should have all been left up to him to resolve, but she ended up having to shoulder all of the burdens by herself. 
“What do you mean?” Jake retorted.
"Let me go." Joan's voice trembled as she spoke. 
That was all she wanted. 
Upon hearing that, Jake immediately turned away from her and got up, walking over to stare sadly out the window. 
So, she still wants to leave me. 
Maybe it's truly time for me to give up on this relationship... 
Sniffling slightly, he squeezed a smile onto his face. 
"You wanted to move out, right? Sure, I'll agree to it” Joan perked up at that, some color returning to her face. 
She hadn't expected that he would agree so quickly. 
Unbeknownst to her, Jake just didn't want to lose her completely, and couldn't think of a better way to make her happy than fulfilling her wishes.
###Chapter 2913
After hesitating briefly, Jake left the room, leaving Joan and Larry alone together in the room. 
“How could you be so stupid as to do something like that?" Larry gripped her hand with a strength that greatly contrasted the soft tone of his voice and the pain in his eyes. 
"What if something happened to you? What am | supposed to do then?" For some reason, Joan felt strangely safe with the man in front of her, but she didn't want to admit it, not even to herself. 
! can't! She didn't understand Larry enough, and she couldn't allow herself to be blinded by his kindness and generosity. 
It was natural for Joan's wariness against love to have increased gradually over time. 
After all, she had been through torture after torture and was no longer the naive woman that she once was. 
Sensing a change in her mood, Larry's grip on her hand tightened. 
"What's wrong? Is there something on your mind?" | have too much on my mind, actually. 
She pulled her hand away from him, looking past him and out the window. 
"The weather has been getting colder recently’ she said casually. 
Why is she changing the topic? Larry fixed her with a perplexed look. 
fs she still apprehensive about being vulnerable with me? “Are you feeling alright, Joan? Does something still hurt?" he inquired hurriedly.
“Larry, don't come looking for me again. 
| want to be left alone for a while to gather my thoughts. 
Too many things have happened lately, and | need to take a break from it all’ she replied, her tone tired and pleading. 
Is she chasing me away?But we'd just been sharing a nice moment together!Or was it all just my imagination? Her sudden request confused him greatly and upset him. 
/s she stil! rejecting my advances? Fine. 
I'll do what she says then. 
Larry got to his feet slowly and left the room without another word. 
Joan's breath hitched in her throat as she watched the back of his silhouette slowly grow farther and farther away. 
She didn't want him to go, but she was currently too drained to care much for anything else. 
She thought that perhaps living alone would be the best choice for her. 
That way, Jake would not cause trouble for Larry, and Larry would not have to worry about her safety. 
Contemplating several possibilities, she slowly drifted off to sleep. 
Greak... 
The door was slowly and carefully pushed open.
Hypersensitive after everything that had happened to her, Joan instantly heard the sound and awoke from her sleep, sitting up in bed as she squinted at the intruder. 
Huh?What's Abelyn doing here this late at night? “Abelyn? Are you feeling any better?" Joan asked. 
How could she afford to care about other people when she just nearly died?What a joke. 
Abelyn scoffed internally. 
"Much better. 
What about you? Poor thing; how have things been for you recently?" Abelyn neared her bed, lightly stroking Joan's hair. 
"I'm fine. 
It's all in the past now, anyway. 
What about you? You've recovered fully, right? To be honest, I've always felt guilty toward you... 
You wouldn't have gotten injured in the first place if it weren't for me" Joan hung her head apologetically, fiddling with her fingers. 
So you do know that it’s your fault!You're aware that you're the harbinger of misfortune! Abelyn's hand clenched into a fist by her side, her gaze growing sharp. 
Nonetheless, it was too late. 
No matter how well Joan tried to treat her, no matter how much Joan cared for her, they were never going to return to the way they once were.
Everything had ended the moment Joan decided to abandon her. 
"It's nothing. 
| don't want to reminisce about the past’ Abelyn cleared her throat and changed the subject. 
“Have you been holding up well?”
###Chapter 2914
"I guess. The doctors said that I can be discharged after a few days of rest, Joan told Abelyn excitedly. 
The latter narrowed her eyes, a murderous aura emanating off of her. 
“Where's Dustin? He didn't come with you?" Joan asked, cocking her head to one side. 
What?Does she miss Dustin or something? Abelyn swallowed back her rising disgust and wrath before forcing her voice to stay calm as she replied, "Oh, he's been busy lately, so | came alone.” The truth was that Dustin had no idea that she had come to visit Joan. 
"Ms. Watts, it's time for your medication.” A nurse entered the room, her nose wrinkling in dissatisfaction at the sight of Abelyn. 
"What are you doing here? Family visiting hours are long over? Joan hurriedly explained, "She's my friend.” “Friends aren't allowed in here either. 
All visitors are required to leave the hospital before eleven o'clock at night." The nurse gave Abelyn a suspicious sidelong glance. 
Knowing that she wouldn't be able to argue with the nurse, Abelyn decided to take her leave. 
She hadn't expected the hospital staff to be so petty regarding curfew. 
Joan furrowed her eyebrows together as she watched her friend leave, feeling regretful that she couldn't talk with her more. 
The nurse thought otherwise.
She had seen many visitors come and go in all her years of working at the hospital, and had learned to see through people's facades and figure out their true intentions. 
"Ms. Watts, I think it's best if you don't get too close to that woman,’ she advised her patient. 
Huh? Joan's eyes widened. 
But Abelyn's my best friend who has always been willing to sacrifice her own life for me!Why would the nurse say such a thing? She stared up at the nurse in confusion. 
"It's just a suggestion.” The nurse left with those parting words, sighing as she closed the door behind her. 
Sometimes, ignorance was bliss. 
Meanwhile, Joan hadn't taken any of the nurse's advice to heart at all. 
In her eyes, friendship and sisterhood were more important than anything else. 
Even if Abelyn ended up hurting her, she would always choose to forgive Abelyn. 
But would she really hurt me? Joan stared blankly out the window at the pitch-black skies outside. 
"Dad!" Della pushed the door open lightly and said her greetings. 
She hadn't anticipated for her father to return to the country so soon. 
Standing off to one side, Larry had a calm and unreadable expression on his face. 
Fred turned around and took slow steps toward his daughter, fixing her with a stern gaze as his back remained ramrod straight.
Slap! His palm flew across her face. 
Both Della and Larry were rendered speechless; this was the first time that Fred had ever laid his hands on his own daughter. 
Fred had always felt sorry toward Della for being absent throughout most of her childhood and letting her grandparents be responsible for raising her. 
After bringing her back to live with him, he had done nothing except spoil her and indulge her. 
Yet, he had just slapped her in public. 
Fred couldn't stop the oncoming coughing fit that abruptly overcame him, clutching onto the front of his shirt. 
"Dad..." Della whimpered, her eyes filled with tears. 
So she acknowledges me as her father, but still refuses to heed any of my warnings! It was true that Della was his one and only daughter, as well as the only heir to his company. 
But if she was acting out or her performance was below par, he didn't mind donating all of his wealth to a charity. 
“Please calm down, Mr. Duff.” Larry had instantly rushed over to him, patting the old man's back in a reassuring motion. 
You a*shole. 
You must have said something about me, or else Dad would never bear to hit me like this! Holding her sore cheek, Della glared venomously at Larry, hatred boiling up within her.
Naturally, Fred could tell exactly what his daughter was thinking. 
Looking up at her, he said matter-of-factly, "This has nothing to do with Larry. 
| investigated everything by myself.’
###Chapter 2915
Fred thought that maybe it was about time for him to start properly disciplining this daughter of his, lest she became even more rebellious and unruly. 
"I'll give you two choices. 
One: you'll manage the company well and expand the business instead of focusing your energy on meaningless things, and forget everything that happened here. 
Two: you leave the family and the company to pursue whatever your heart wishes. 
| will not stop you, but | will not care for anything you do or anything that happens to you in the future” What?!s he trying to cut off our father-daughter relationship? Della stared at her father incredulously, tears overflowing before she even realized it. 
A because of Joan? No! I won't accept this! "Mr. Duff, maybe you should sit down and have a proper discussion with Della about this. 
What she needs right now is proper rest.” Larry spoke up, not wanting to see the two family members turning on each other. 
Hmph!How dare he pretend to be the hero in this situation!He's nothing but a wolf in sheep's clothing! Della harrumphed and stomped out of the office. 
Fred made his way over to a sofa, sitting down on it dejectedly. 
"| apologize for all the trouble you must've been through, Larry.
I've always been worried about my daughter even prior to this, so I'd like to ask a favor from you..." he sighed, his tone gentle as he talked about Della. 
Larry was surprised. 
From his point of view, there seemed to be nothing that Fred couldn't overcome, and there was no problem that he couldn't solve. 
"Della is still young, and she has yet to truly understand the ins and outs of the business world. 
All of her prior achievements have to be credited to other people helping her behind the scenes. 
My health is deteriorating day by day, and I'm not sure how long | have left. 
If | pass away one day, | hope to leave my company in your care. 
Of course, you will have to give the company back to Della after she has grown up and matured sufficiently” He sounded as if he was saying his dying words. 
Larry couldn't stop the shivers that ran up his spine as he watched Fred's body shake from the force of his coughs. 
Has his sickness truly gotten so bad that there's no chance of recovery? Larry's eyebrows knitted together in worry. 
"Don't tell Della about this yet. 
| want to let her enjoy her life and be reckless for a while longer” Fred got up and slowly made his way to the study. 
"Maybe she'll learn her lesson after my death: For some reason, Larry was left feeling incredibly sad and helpless.
Only parents would go to such lengths to show their love fora child. 
Ring... 
His phone suddenly rang from his pocket. 
“Larry, we need to talk.” Jake sounded upset even through the static of the phone call. 
"Sure." Larry swiftly ended the call and got up to leave. 
There was nothing for them to discuss except about Joan. 
It was time for this to end, once and for all. 
In her hospital ward, Joan was reading through a magazine, looking to be in much better condition. 
"Where's Larry?" Jessica asked as she came in, placing a plastic bag of fresh fruits on the side table. 
Joan stiffened for a brief moment, then forced a smile. 
"I told him not to come. 
| needed some time to myself to gather my thoughts." Jessica's expression instantly switched from happy to solemn upon hearing that. 
Did they get into another fight?Joan has just escaped death. 
Why cant Larry just reel in his temper for the time being? "It has nothing to do with him; Joan quickly added. 
"It's me" Huh? Jessica tilted her head to one side as she stared at her friend.
Joan's next words left Jessica even more confused. 
"Jessica, | need you to help me look for a new place to stay.” Jessica could tell that Joan was clearly interested in Larry, and various media outlets had already exposed the rumors of them dating. 
So why is she still avoiding him like the plague?Besides, she's obviously still in love with Larry, even if she refused to admit it to herself.
###Chapter 2916
"Okay;’ Jessica replied. 
Since Joan didn't want to elaborate any further, she wasn't going to push the subject.She knew that Joan had to have her own reasons for doing the things she did. 
After a few days of being under observation in the hospital, Joan was finally discharged. 
Other than Jessica, no one else knew where she would be moving into. 
"Are you sure you're all right with living here alone?" 
Jessica fretted, one hand on Joan's shoulder. 
"Won't you get scared at night? Maybe I should move in with you..." 
Scared?What's there to be scared of? Joan shook her head.She really needed her own space and time to think. 
"Then, what if Larry—" 
"No!" 
Joan cut her off before she could even finish her sentence. 
Jessica could tell that Joan was already starting to grow a bias toward Larry. 
As such, she promptly shut herself up and left as soon as they had completed all preparations. 
Afterward, Joan sat on a swinging chair in the yard, staring at the endless blue skies and fluffy white clouds above her as she let out a relieved sigh.
Won't it be great if everything could end right now, and everyone would go on with their own lives? Her phone kept ringing, but she didn't notice it at all, completely lost in her own thoughts. 
"What?" 
Larry's jaw dropped as he confronted one of the doctors at the hospital. 
"Joan was discharged? When? Where did she go? Who took her?" 
"She was discharged yesterday, sir.A woman came to pick her up." 
It wasn't Dustin nor Caspian, but a woman?Was it Jessica?Maybe Nancy or Abelyn?But that doesn't sound right. 
If it was really one of them, they would have notified me beforehand! "It was me." 
Jessica sat on a sofa in the living room, hanging her head as everyone else crowded around her. 
"Why didn't you tell me?" demanded Larry. 
Why else?Because Joan didn't want me to. 
Jessica pursed her lips uneasily. 
If she told the truth, Larry would r be upset. 
On the other hand, she would be misunderstood if she hid the truth. 
Whatever.I'll be the villain just this once. 
"She needs to rest and recover, so I found a quiet place for her to do just that," she mumbled out timidly.
Has she gone mad? Caspian fumed. 
They were all aware that Joan needed rest, but they couldn't let her do it by herself. 
With no one by her side to look after her, who's going to take responsibility if something happened to her? In a rush of anger, Caspian grabbed hold of Jessica's collar and shook her, as if trying to get her to come to her senses. 
"Where is she? Where's Joan right now?" 
Jessica's mind went blank when she saw his contorted expression of rage. 
Despite so, she couldn't possibly go back on her promise to Joan and tell them the address of where she lived. 
"Well...She'll probably come back as soon as she feels better!" 
Jessica insisted. 
"Don't get all worked up.She'll be fine, I swear" 
Seeing that she wasn't going to reveal Joan's whereabouts anytime soon, Larry and the rest of them decided not to force the answer out of her. 
They all knew Jessica's personality well and that she had to have her own reasons for keeping Joan's address a secret. 
Although, that didn't mean that they would give up on trying to find it out. 
Larry plopped down onto another sofa and squeezed his eyes shut, massaging his temples.He told everyone else to leave him alone for a quick break, and they did just that.
Only Jessica couldn't shake the antsy feeling in her heart. 
At that exact moment, Joan was laying on the couch flipping through a magazine absentmindedly, bored to death. 
All she could think about was Larry, but there was no way she could see him now.
###Chapter 2917
Knock, knock, knock! Joan immediately jumped at the sound, her heart leaping into her throat. 
Who could it be? She slowly made her way over to the main entrance and took a look at the intercom only to see that it was Abelyn.How did she know that I'm staying here? Of course, Abelyn understood Joan all too well. 
"Abelyn?" 
Joan quickly unlocked the door and swung it open. 
"What are you doing here? What's wrong?" 
Seems I guessed right.She does live here. 
The corner of Abelyn’s mouth curved up into an almost indiscernible, satisfied smirk. 
"Why didn't you tell everyone that you were discharged? We were all so worried about you" she quickly schooled her face into a frown. 
Of course, that was all a lie— Joan's safety was the last thing on her mind. 
Joan shrugged. 
"I just needed some time alone." 
That was perfectly fine by Abelyn. 
That way, no one would be able to get in the way of her plans.
Joan had been a little shocked by Abelyn's sudden appearance, but she quickly let her guard back down. 
"How have you been?" 
Abelyn probed meaningfully, looking around at her surroundings. 
"Have you gotten used to living here yet? Do you need any help?" 
It appeared that she's living alone. 
"I'm doing all right.I don't really need anything else." 
For some reason, Joan gradually grew uneasy in Abelyn's presence.She could tell that something about her friend felt off, but just couldn't place her finger on it. 
The two of them exchanged small talk for a while before Abelyn left. 
After all, she had only come to scope out Joan's living situation, not to do anything bad to her yet. 
There was a time and a place for everything. 
Dustin immediately rushed to Abelyn as soon as she came back home, demanding to know, "Where were you?" 
"I just went out for a walk; she laughed. 
"Relax.I'm perfectly fine, see?" 
Scanning her from head to toe for any visible injuries, he exhaled a breath of relief when he found none.
He had been constantly on edge ever since Abelyn came back, but couldn't pinpoint the reason why, which made him very nervous. 
"Come on, let's go out to eat!" 
She linked her arm through his, dragging him out through the door. 
Elsewhere, Della was throwing a tantrum and screaming at Larry. 
"You piece of sh*t! You told on me to my father!" 
He merely ignored her, not wanting to get into another argument. 
Realizing that she was not going to get a rise out of him, Della deflated and plopped onto a sofa, gulping down her tea angrily.Just as he was about to walk out of the office, she got up and ran to block his path. 
"We need to talk, Larry" 
The steely determination on her face made him want to laugh out loud. 
First Jake, and now her too?Gosh, seems like there are so many things happening to me all at once. 
"What do you want to talk about?" 
Larry sat back down. 
"Why did you call my father here? What exactly are you planning?" Della snarled. 
Her horrible attitude was starting to make Larry see her in a completely different light.
"First of all, your father came here of his own will, not because I asked him to.Second of all, I'm not planning anything, and you know this better than anyone else." 
Larry leaned back in his seat and loosened his tie. 
Della had always been the one who had ulterior motives, so it was entertaining to watch the pot call the kettle black. 
Della, who got what he was implying, quickly changed the topic and asked instead, "How's Joan?" 
Larry instantly stiffened at the mere mention of Joan's name coming out of her mouth. 
Is she going to try something again? 
‘'Don't you dare touch a single hair on her head’’ he seethed. 
The temperature in the room dropped several degrees. 
Della scoffed, throwing her hair over her shoulder with a haughty look on her face. 
What's with that reaction? It's not like I'm going to eat Joan alive!Besides, even if I didn't make a move on her, there would most definitely be someone else out to get that d*mned woman!
###Chapter 2918
"I don't even know where she is, so why would I hurt her?" 
Della rolled her eyes. 
In fact, this was the main reason why she had come to find Larry.She was trying to indirectly let him know that she had no idea where Joan was so that he would not blame her if anything were to happen to Joan. 
Naturally, she was confident in Abelyn’s efficiency and trusted that something huge would happen within the next few days. 
"Why are you asking about her?" Larry retorted, narrowing his eyes. 
"It's not like the two of you are close" 
"I'm just asking out of pure concern" she pouted. 
"I hurt her in the past and still feel sorry about it" 
Ah...The lies I tell...Of course I don't feel sorry at all. 
They chatted for a while longer before Della left, smirking to herself. 
Just you wait, Larry. 
You've got a big storm coming your way. 
Ever since Fred returned to the country, Della's movements were restricted. 
As a result, there were many things that she couldn't do while under surveillance.
"What? You want to delay the plan?" 
Abelyn complained loudly through the phone. 
"But I already found out where she lives!" 
She was only working together with Della to get revenge on Joan, but Della had an annoying habit of ordering her around without a care in the world. 
That was because Della understood Abelyn, and she knew that the man whom Abelyn was in love with, Dustin, also used to be in love with Joan. 
"Chill out.Patience is a virtue" Della told her calmly. 
She didn't want to lose one of her pawns so easily. 
"We'd better advance carefully.If we get found out, all your dirty deeds will be exposed to the world.You can't say I didn't tell you so" 
Abelyn swallowed her anger back, carefully considering Della's words.I guess she does have a point... 
We can't rush this, or else our carefully laid-out plans might all go to waste. 
"Who are you talking to, Abelyn?" 
Dustin approached her.Her gaze darting away from him, she quickly hung up the phone. 
"Oh, just a friend!" 
Why does she look so nervous? He fixed her with a perplexed stare. 
"What's wrong? Did something happen?"
He held her face in his hands, squeezing her cheeks gently. 
Abelyn couldn't stop herself from laughing happily as she stared at the handsome face she had grown all too familiar with.She wrapped her arms around him tightly, showing no sign of letting go of him. 
What's going on? Dustin furrowed his eyebrows slightly. 
And just like that, Abelyn's plan had to be put on hold for several days. 
Meanwhile, Caspian had been constantly clinging to Jessica and asking her about Joan. 
However, he kept getting brushed off and fed random excuses every time he tried. 
Larry had also ordered several of his men to go and investigate Joan's whereabouts. 
His attitude toward Jessica was now colder than it used to be. 
Jessica knew deep in her heart that although no one was saying it out loud, they were all blaming her for this chaotic situation. 
"Larry?" she asked timidly as she approached him. 
The man turned his face away from her, training his gaze on the file in his hands and staying silent. 
Why is she pretending that we're still close friends and "god siblings" when she wouldn't even tell me where Joan is? "Come on, don't be mad. 
You're making me feel guilty she pouted, clutching onto his arm and shaking it cutely like a child asking for a piece of candy. Then stay feeling guilty. 
Larry kept his mouth shut and offered her no response.
After a long, insufferable period of trying to get Larry to react to her, Jessica finally caved. 
"Ugh, fine!" 
She threw her hands up in the air. 
"I'll tell you! But you absolutely have to promise me one thing!" 
"Tell me what?" 
Larry set down the file. 
"I'll tell you her address, but you can't go look for her! You can watch her from afar and provide her protection that way, but you cannot, under any circumstances show yourself to her! If not, she’s going to accuse me of betraying her again" she whined sadly as conflicting emotions swam in the depths of her eyes.
###Chapter 2919
Naturally, Larry couldn't blame Jessica or question her intention.She was trying to protect Joan, who was living alone.She finally told him the truth so he could watch over the latter discreetly. 
"Jessica, you've grown" he murmured and patted her on the head. 
However, his compliment offended her. 
"Larry, promise me you won't divulge Joan's whereabouts to another soul, Jessica said bluntly. 
She didn't want to be called a traitor. 
Yet, little did she know that Joan had told Abelyn. 
"Don't worry." 
He flashed a smile as he left the office. 
A look of relief crossed his features. 
Larry headed to the address given by Jessica and found it effortlessly. 
Joan, why are you doing this? You know that hiding wouldn't solve anything. 
Meanwhile, Joan stood in the courtyard as she breathed in the fresh air. 
Days like these relaxed her and suited her best. 
I wonder how they are doing now. 
A smile tugged at the corners of her lips when the image of Larry filled her head.
Lately, she had been pondering over their relationship, but there didn't seem to be a solution. 
However, her current life was quieter and less chaotic than before. 
From a distance, Larry was debating with himself about Joan's reaction in his car. 
It was natural for him to prioritize her feelings since she was the love of his love. 
He wanted to knock on the door so badly to see her, but he couldn't muster the courage. 
The sight of him might disgust her. 
Knock... 
Knock... 
Knock... 
Mm? Who could it be? An old lady was knocking on Joan's door. 
Larry widened his eyes to see who it was. 
"Clara! What brings you here?" 
Joan opened the door hurriedly and greeted her neighbor. 
"Here, I've baked a cake.Would you like some?" 
Ever since she moved in, Clara would stop by to chit- chat or share some home-cooked foods. 
The kind elderly was doing it at Jessica's request. 
"How is it? Does it taste good?"
Joan nodded in response. 
"Yeah, it's delicious." 
Clara smiled. 
"Joan, why are you living here alone? Are you single?" she asked tentatively. 
Am I still a married woman? It was a complicated question for Joan. 
"Yeah, I don't have a boyfriend." 
For some reason, Larry's face popped up in her mind again. 
Clara was very much excited by her answer.She thought the young woman was perfect for her son who had never had a girlfriend. 
"Tell me, what is your ideal type of boyfriend?" 
Ideal type? Joan fell into a deep thought. 
Indeed, she had never really thought about her expectations of a man before. 
She believed in true love and destiny, just like what she saw between Jessica and Caspian. 
"Hmm...Well, I never thought about it." she replied awkwardly.
###Chapter 2920
Clara chortled as her excitement grew. 
"Mom!" 
Suddenly, a man appeared. 
Larry, who was watching them from afar, was furious when he saw the new arrival. 
Clara grabbed onto the man’s hand. 
"Joan, this is my son. 
"Hello, I'm Johann." 
He held out his hand in greeting. 
"Hello, I'm Joan.Clara let out a chuckle at their reserved demeanor.She would very much be happy if Joan could be her daughter-in-law. 
"Mom, let's go home before the food gets cold" 
"All right, until next time, Joan" 
Then the mother-son duo left. 
Joan's lips curled into a contented smile as she watched them walked out the door. 
Such a filial son. 
Bang!
Furious, Larry hit the steering wheel hard.He hated to see another guy around her.He started the engine and sped back to the company. 
Bang! The door burst open with such force that Jessica jumped. 
Larry stormed in, blinded by fury. 
She walked toward him and tried to read his expression. 
What's going on? Didn't he meet Joan? What's with that gloomy face? Did they fight? Argh, I better get out of here. 
Jessica spun around to leave. 
"Stop right there!" 
Larry yelled. 
"Larry, what can I do for you?" 
She forced a smiled and batted her eyelashes at him as she approached. 
"Stop it.Now, tell me.Who is that old lady? And what the heck is with that guy?" 
What old lady? Which guy? Jessica couldn't understand a single word at all. 
"Quit pretending! I saw it with my own eyes.An old hag knocked on Joan's door with a slice of cake, and a jerk walked into her house just like that" Larry ranted. 
She realized who he was talking about.He's so rude to call Clara ‘an old hag."
"Actually, I arranged for Clara to check in on Joan.The old lady has lived there for a long time, and she is familiar with the area.That's it." 
"What about that guy?" 
"What guy?" 
Jessica titled her head in confusion.She didn't ask a man to check on Joan. 
"Larry, you must be mistaken.I never asked Clara for the favor.There's no man; she explained.Larry was livid.He knew what he saw. 
"Tell Joan to move out of that house now.My gut feel tells me that man is up to no good.What if he does something bad to her?" he said as he walked toward the window. 
He's jealous! Jessica looked at the back of his head with a wry smile. 
She was interested to know who the mysterious man was. 
Larry closed his eyes and took a deep breath to calm himself. 
"Okay.I'll find out who he is.By the way, I don't think there's anything going on between them, so will you stop being jealous?" 
"Who said I'm jealous?" 
His expression darkened at her words.It was a foolproof sign of his jealousy. 
Nevertheless, Jessica dropped the subject.She looked away and picked up the newspaper to read.
###Chapter 2921
"Larry, bad news!" 
Caspian barged in. 
They knew when the usually unflappable Caspian got jittery, something serious had happened. 
Jessica sprang to her feet and glared at the intruder. 
"The project supervisor quit without notice" 
Caspian continued as he tried to stay composed.She slumped back on the couch, defeated. 
Tears were brimming in her eyes.She knew the loss was too great for Larry to bear. 
"Also, the workers are going on strike because they didn't get paid?” the bodyguard said with his head down. 
Larry massaged his temples, deep in thought. 
Someone had orchestrated the whole situation and instigated the project supervisor to abscond with the workers’ salary. 
Larry was completely at sea and stuck in a dead end. 
Jessica felt powerless.She wouldn't know how to help with this project. 
If something had happened in the fashion department, she could still use her limited knowledge to resolve the issues.
"Caspian, be sure to find the supervisor.And send someone to pacify the workers.Tell them they will be paid tomorrow" 
Larry instructed calmly. 
Jessica was impressed he could keep his head in such a crisis.She quickly regain her composure and approached him slowly. 
"Larry, is there anything I can do?" 
Her best friend was in trouble. 
If Larry could give her some guidance, she was confident that she would be an asset to him. 
The man was hesitant to get her involved. 
Yet there weren't many people he could trust. 
"Jessica, find someone to tail Jake.Maintain a safe distance so he wouldn't notice? “ Larry said seriously.He believed Jessica wouldn't betray him. 
"Okay!" she exclaimed and left the office, convinced that Jake had something to do with their predicament. 
Indeed, the latter was the mastermind. 
"What a coincidence, Ms.Zimmer! Are you stalking me now?" 
Jake chuckled as he walked in. 
Their encounter was a pure coincidence.
"Why would I? You're not as handsome as Larry or as sensible as Caspian" she snapped. 
Jake flared up when she mentioned Larry.He swore under his breath and took a seat in front of Jessica.His eyes were cold and indifferent. 
"I thought you liked Larry.When did you suddenly fall head over heels for Caspian? I bet Joan is a tough rival, huh?" he sneered. 
She knew Jake was trying to provoke her, so she wouldn't fall for his tricks. 
He had underestimated her close ties with Larry. 
She set the spoon on the table, wiped her mouth, and looked up at him impassively. 
"Any Tom, Dick and Harry is better than you." 
At that, she stood up to leave. 
"Stop right there!" he roared and shoved her back into her seat. 
His rudeness shocked her. 
Those who dared to offend Jake, no matter the gender, would suffer a tragic ending.
###Chapter 2922
Jessica beamed as Jake flew into an abusive rage.She was surprised that it took little to rile him. 
"Jessica!" Larry appeared. 
He had asked her out for lunch that day. 
Jake turned around, paled, and watched him saunter towards them. 
"Jake, what brings you here?" Larry asked coldly. 
Jake gazed at him, smirking.He saw right through Larry's pretense. 
Whatever is happening in Norton Corporation must be affecting him. 
Larry, there's more to come. 
"Nothing" 
He brushed some invisible dust off his shirt arrogantly and left. 
Larry gritted his teeth at his departing silhouette before taking his seat as though nothing happened. 
"So? Have you finally realized who you're up against? Be on your guard whenever you're dealing with Jake.He's not someone to be trifled with, Larry warned Jessica.Suddenly, she understood his intention of inviting her to lunch. He knew Jake would pass by at that exact moment. 
After he left them, Jake got into the car and pounded on the steering wheel. 
"You won't get away with this!"
At that, he sped away. 
"Larry, do you really think he's behind this?" Jessica asked. 
He nodded as Jake drove off. 
Besides the latter, there was no one. 
Jake had resorted to countless unscrupulous ways to win Joan's heart. 
Despite his long-enduring efforts, he failed. 
"Did you find anything about the guy I mentioned before?" 
Larry suddenly turned to her and asked curtly. 
"Huh?" 
Jessica was dumbfounded. 
"The guy who went to Joan's house that day.Oh, and that old lady" 
It completely slipped my mind.She scratched the back of her head awkwardly and immediately took out her phone to make a call. 
"Hey, I want you to run a background check on a man." 
How could she be so forgetful? Larry shook his head in disbelief.He took a sip of his coffee and left. 
Jessica finally heaved a sigh of relief.She hung up the call and rushed to Joan's place. 
"What brings you here?"
The latter was surprised when she opened the door. 
Without another word, Jessica stormed in and scanned the house.Her odd behavior baffled Joan. 
Jessica turned around, eyes blazing with suspicion. 
"What's wrong?" 
"Tell me.Are you hiding a man in the house?" 
Joan could not help but chuckle when she saw her friend's grim face.I'm hiding from one now. 
Why would I want another? Jessica patted her shoulder and grumbled, "Why are you laughing?" 
At the same time, she was relieved to see the woman's reaction. 
"Don't worry.I'm not hiding a man here." 
Joan patted her chest earnestly. 
Jessica grinned because she finally had an explanation for Larry.Yet, she was still curious about the mysterious guy and his relationship with Joan.
###Chapter 2923
"But I heard that a man was here for you a few days ago" said Jessica deliberately as she tilted her head. 
Huh? Joan looked down, trying to recall the preceding event. 
After a minute, she finally managed to remember. 
"What nonsense have you been hearing? It was just the son of the lady next door.She was here to give me a cake, and her son came here to pick her up" she explained. 
Oh.So that's what happened. 
Jessica's mood improved almost instantaneously, which differed from Joan's as she scrutinized the former unhappily.Has she been watching me? 
"Jessica, have you been monitoring me?" she questioned coldly. 
Joan despised such behaviors the most. 
She preferred to sort things out face to face instead of doing things in the dark, especially when it involved her. 
Oh, shit! I'm dead! Jessica's whole body trembled. 
How do I tell her that Larry's the one who informed me about this and has asked me to investigate this matter? She'd definitely be devastated if I told her the truth since she has instructed me not to tell anyone regarding her whereabouts. 
But if I didn't, she'd get the wrong idea about me.
Jessica was in a dilemma, but she still responded, "Of course not. 
What kind of person do you think I am? I wouldn't be asking you in person if I had been watching you in secret, would I? It's just that one of my friends, who had met you before, recently passed by this place, and she saw the man;’ she lied with a straight face on, hoping that Joan would fall for it. 
D*mn it, this is terrifying! Larry, you'd better treat me to a meal for this! Jessica clutched her chest, trying to calm her palpitating heartbeat. 
"My poor heart.Do hang in there; she mumbled to herself with her eyes closed. 
"What are you talking about?" 
Joan suddenly whispered right beside her ear. 
"Ah!" 
Jessica shrieked. 
Her reaction only increased Joan's suspicion. 
Why is she so nervous if she didn't do anything wrong? With that thought in mind, Joan leaned closer to Jessica as she stared intently at her. 
"Come on, spit it out, what the hell did you do?" 
What can I do?All I did was lie a little, that's all. 
Jessica's gaze was darting all over the place, which further increased Joan's doubt.She didn't do anything that could betray Caspian's trust, did she?
"Nothing! I'm just saving some money for myself! What's so wrong about that?" replied Jessica, her eyes tightly shut. 
I don't even know what I'm talking about! Joan let out a chuckle upon hearing her answer. 
Oh.If that’s the reason, why is she so nervous, then? With that, she turned around and entered the kitchen. 
Just then, a knock sounded from the front door. 
Hearing that, Jessica immediately had her guard up. 
Joan, on the other hand, casually strolled toward the door after placing down the kitchen tool. 
"Joan, my mom asked me to give you this" 
It's a man's voice! Jessica made a beeline to the door. 
When she got to the entrance, she froze upon seeing the man. 
Whoa! He's gorgeous! The man had thick and dark eyebrows, big piercing eyes, a high nose bridge, as well as a full, sexy lip.He's even more stunning than Larry! 
"Hey, handsome.I'm Jessica” she introduced herself while extending her right arm. 
Slap! The sound echoed as Joan hit her friend's shoulder while shooting daggers at her. 
Jessica was aware that Joan had noticed her lovestruck state, but she just could not resist the man's charm. 
After all, no woman could resist the allure of a pretty face.
###Chapter 2924
"Thank you.Send my regards to your mom," uttered Joan politely. 
So he's the man Larry mentioned. 
Jessica stroked her chin while studying the man before her, nodding. 
Since he's this handsome, does Joan seriously not have any feelings for him? I doubt it! No.I can't let this be. 
I have to find out! After a moment of small talk, Johann Wright finally decided to leave. 
"What's inside the box? I want a taste too." 
Jessica stared at the box in Joan's hand curiously. 
Joan thought to herself, / can't believe this girl. 
All she thinks about is food. 
Sometime later, a piece of freshly made pizza was presented in front of the women. 
"Here you go" 
Without any care in the world, Jessica instantly dug in, rendering Joan speechless. 
Joan stared at her friend for a minute before shaking her head and walking away. 
"This is so delicious.You're blessed to get such good food, you know; remarked Jessica.It was indeed fortunate that Joan had met some kind- hearted neighbors.
"Hey.Do you find that man attractive?" 
Jessica tried to sound Joan out. 
"Hmm.He's average, I guess." 
Larry's the only attractive man for me. 
Jessica breathed a sigh of relief after hearing her reply. 
What a shame. 
If ! weren't in a relationship with Caspian, I would've made a move on that guy! 
"Do you think he likes you?" asked Jessica cautiously as she wrapped her arm around Joan's shoulders. 
What is up with her? She's been spouting nonsense lately, and where did that question come from? Shaking her head, Joan sighed. 
"I think you have too much free time on your hands, Jessica, to the point that you've been thinking about trivial matters like this" 
Jessica indeed had too much free time. 
After all, since the bookstore had been going smoothly, she had nothing else to do. 
The only thing she was concerned about was matters that had to do with Larry. 
A spark of mischievousness ignited within Jessica as she studied Joan.
She never showed any signs of thinking about Larry, so much so that I don't even have any idea if she still cares about him. 
Hmm...seems like I'm going to have to test her. 
"Anyway, did you know that something has happened on Larry's end?" she began, discreetly casting a glance toward Joan. 
Clink! Right at that moment, the spoon in Joan's hand fell to the ground. 
After regaining her composure, she picked it up before asking in panic, "Why? What happened to him?" 
Jessica was secretly pleased with her reaction. 
I knew it! She still cares about him. 
She's just too stubborn to admit it. 
But why? Shouldn't she be more straightforward when it comes to matters of love? If she keeps bottling it up, she'd be the one who will suffer. 
"Look at you, getting all panicky.Have you fallen for Larry?" 
"Wha- of course not!" 
Joan pushed the other woman away before striding to the bathroom. 
She's being shy! Staring at Joan's petite figure, Jessica's smile widened. 
If only you could see this, Larry. 
After hanging out with Joan for a while, Jessica parted ways with the former.
Since she had achieved her goal of finding out what relationship Joan had with that man, she could now go back and report the matter back to Larry. 
"See? You can rest assured now, stated Jessica as she gently patted Larry's shoulder. 
"Thanks for your help, replied Larry flatly before walking toward his work desk.That's it? He's not even going to treat me to a meal? 
"Hey, shouldn't you show some appreciation?" asked Jessica in amusement. 
Hearing that, Larry turned his body toward her and stared at her in all seriousness. 
"What do you mean?"
###Chapter 2925
Show my appreciation? I've already given her my cards! What more does she want? This woman is just too greedy! Jessica stared at Larry while rubbing her chin. 
Her eyes lit up. 
"You know, I recently got my eyes on a shop located at a very strategic place.I want to turn that place into a bookstore, Larry. 
Larry glanced at her. 
Is she serious? Her greed increases day by day. 
Previously, she would only ask for money. 
Now, she's directly asking me to buy her a shop? 
"Won't you please buy that shop for me, Larry? Since you're this wealthy, surely the cost won't mean much to you" 
Jessica pestered coquettishly while shaking the man's arm. 
Thump! A loud noise sounded from outside the office. 
Caspian, who was standing there, had witnessed everything and could no longer hold it. 
This d*mned woman. 
How could she pester Larry to that extent! 
"Jessica, come here!"
Caspian growled icily. 
What's with his tone? What is his problem? Puzzled, Jessica gawped at the man. 
"Come here right now! Don't you think you're being shameless right now?" Caspian continued. 
Larry, however, wasn't really bothered by it since he was already used to Jessica's behavior. 
Rendered speechless, Jessica slowly approached Caspian, displeasure evident in her gaze. 
Coming to a stop in front of the man, she extended a hand to tug on the ends of Caspian's clothes. 
"Why are you so mad, Caspian? AllI did was whine a little at Larry" 
Boiling with rage, Caspian immediately dragged her out of the office without replying to her. 
Obviously, he was jealous. 
Watching the couple, Larry shook his head before letting out a sigh. 
All of a sudden, images of Joan flashed in his mind. 
I wonder what she's doing now. 
Is she okay? He looked out the window, his face painted with sadness. 
How I wish I could meet her right now and bring her back to Ms.Young and Lucius to have a family reunion. 
Sadly, she hasn't regained her memory yet. 
Besides, I don't even know for sure if there really is nothing happening between her and that guy.
"Mr.Norton!" 
His assistant's anxious voice broke his chains of thoughts. 
"Something happened! The color of our clothes is fading badly!" 
What? Larry jumped to his feet, shocked by the news. 
How did this happen? I have appointed someone to strictly check every process of creating the clothes, yet the color's suddenly fading? impossible! Someone must've sabotaged them! 
"Let me have a look!" 
With that, he took his suit jacket and exited his office. 
When he arrived at the factory, he stood rooted for a moment when he noticed that the water tanks were filled with numerous colors. 
What in the world is going on? His mind went blank in an instant. 
"Where's the supervisor?" he yelled. 
"I want to see him.Now!" 
"Uh, h-he already left, Mr.Norton." a woman came over and reported. 
He did not hear anything beyond that to figure out that a traitor had been hiding among the staff. 
Meanwhile, a group of people was complaining outside the factory, their tone was that of dissatisfaction. 
"Where's your boss? Let us see him! How do you expect us to wear this?"
"Yeah! The color's fading so badly! We demand a refund!" 
Larry felt extremely unsettled when he heard the complaints outside.It seemed that this time, he really was doomed. 
"Are there any other clothes that are in good condition?" he asked the staff. 
All of them simply shook their head without uttering anything. 
In the meantime, the crowd became increasingly chaotic, to the point where the security could not hold them off anymore. 
"You'd better leave now, Mr.Norton.The crowd is going to barge in anytime soon.They won't let you off the hook that easily once they see you” stated one of the department leaders of the factory. 
Since the crowd was blinded with anger, they would inevitably do something that could harm other people out of impulse. 
One by one, the major media began reporting this incident, and just like that, Norton Corporation became a laughingstock as well as the talk of the town.
###Chapter 2926
Joan was sitting on the sofa, her gaze fixed intently at the television. 
I wonder how Larry is doing. 
She clenched her fists, worry written all over her face. 
As the president of the company, he must be blaming himself that something like this had transpired. 
Thinking about that man, Joan's heart ached. 
Meanwhile, Jessica stormed into Larry's office. 
"What's going on, Larry?" 
Larry had his head in both his hands as he was plagued with a headache. 
What else could be going on other than me being betrayed by my own employee! 
"Say something, Larry! What the hell is going on? Do you have any idea what people are gossiping about you right now?" shouted Jessica, panicking. 
She hated to see Larry in such a state, and she definitely did not want Norton Corporation to be mocked.She knew how much effort and time Larry had spent for the company so that it could grow and develop well. 
But now, it seemed that all his hard-earned work had gone down the drain. 
"Calm down, Jessica.Things like this are prevalent in the business world’ replied Larry coldly as he raised his head to look at her.
"There must be a mastermind behind this, right?" She gripped his arms tightly. 
Larry fell into thought. 
Yeah. 
There must be, but I still have no clue who it could be.This is ridiculous! 
"Could it be Jake?" Jessica suggested. 
Upon hearing that particular name, Larry's eyes gleamed. 
That's right. 
Jake once said that he would take revenge on me. 
Could he be the one behind all of this? His expression darkened upon that thought. 
Without waiting for Larry's reply, Jessica left the office and headed straight to M Group. 
Ad interim, Jake sat on the sofa in his office while staring at the ceiling, clearly lost in thoughts. 
Thump! Hearing the sound of his office door being slammed open, an amused smile tugged on the corner of his lips as his eyes landed on the fuming woman. 
Ah...alas, they've come. 
"Tell me, were you the one behind it all?" shouted Jessica. 
"Jessica, you're not welcome here.Please see yourself out; came Jake's flat reply.So what if it was me? What is she going to do? It's not like a mere woman like her can do anything to me.Speaking of which,
I gotta admit that she does have balls of steel to come here alone and make a fuss.How shameless.Jake could be described as an angel in disguise. 
Although his appearance gave off a vibe like that of a gentleman, he was actually a snake. 
Jessica glared at him, wishing that she could beat him up right then and there. 
"What on earth do you want, Jake? Every choice that Joan made was hers and hers alone.Nobody was forcing her, and it's not like Larry's with her, so you can't do this to him!" 
"Get the hell out!" Jake roared. 
What a joke! I have a clear vision of what I want. 
A woman like her isn't worthy to nag at me! "Karma's coming for you soon, Jake! When that day comes, even the heavens will not be in your favor!" 
Jessica warned while being dragged away by the guards. 
When they were outside, the guards threw Jessica onto the ground. 
"Ugh..." 
She stood up and dusted herself off. 
That jerk. 
Who would have thought he could be this vicious? "Go on and leave, Jessica.Stop embarrassing yourself" 
Some distance away, Larry's voice sounded and she shot a look at him.
What does he mean by I'm embarrassing myself? I came here to seek justice for him! thought Jessica. 
After bringing Jessica back, Larry began to analyze the situation. 
No. 
I can't let Jake oppress me like this nor let him continue to humiliate the Norton family.I need to do something! As Larry was deep in thought, Jessica was on the sofa, rubbing her injured waist endlessly. 
"Now that I'm injured, I doubt I'll be of any help to you anymore, Larry.Don't give up, though! We can't sit idle and let things be!"
###Chapter 2927
Of course I won't let things be. 
Larry stared out the window with his fists clenched as his face turned grim.You're dead meat, Jake Wilson. 
"Are you all right?" 
At this moment, Dustin, Caspian and the rest rushed in. 
Despite only meeting them yesterday, Jessica was still moved to see them here as if they had not met in a long time. 
"Of course I'm all right.I'm Jessica Zimmer, after all.Nothing can hurt me!" 
uttered the woman proudly as she patted her chest. 
"I never expected that you guys would come all the way here to see me, though.Thank you." 
She lowered her head, feeling a bit shy. 
Nancy was bewildered after hearing her words. 
When did we say that we came here for her? We're here because of Larry! 
"Jessica, where on earth did you get that idea? We're here to discuss the solutions to this issue with Larry” answered Nancy straightforwardly. 
In an instant, Jessica clucked her tongue in dissatisfaction.
So it's just my wishful thinking, but so what? Must she burst my bubble like that? Bearing that thought in mind, Jessica turned her head away, refusing to entertain the guests any longer. 
"We have to focus on appeasing our customers first, which means we need to create high-quality clothes in a short time" 
Larry began. 
Because they had no solid proof that Jake was the mastermind behind this incident, they could not make a move on him. 
All this happened due to my negligence. 
Since my business is still in its development stage, I thought no one would stir up trouble. 
Evidently, I was proven wrong.I had totally overestimated Jake. 
Never would I have envisioned that he would employ such a despicable trick! Larry gritted his teeth as a cold aura exuded from him. 
Ring! Ring! All of a sudden, his phone rang loudly on the table. 
Too engrossed in his thoughts, Larry failed to notice it. 
When Jessica glanced at the screen, her eyes instantly sparkled. 
"Larry! It's Joan! She's calling you!" she exclaimed excitedly before handing the phone to him. 
"Um, are you okay?" Joan's voice came through when he answered the phone. 
"I saw the news regarding Norton Corporation, and, well..."
Is she worrying about me? I knew it! Guess that means I still have a place somewhere in her heart. 
Larry chuckled upon that thought before replying to Joan, "Yeah, I'm fine." 
Was that a chuckle I heard? How could he be that relaxed in such a situation? Jessica gaped at Larry, baffled. 
"Rest assured.I'll definitely settle this issue" 
Hearing that, the others in the room finally understood the reason behind Larry's wide smile. 
After the call ended, everyone also broke into a smile as their eyes gleamed with joy. 
At last, Joan is starting to care about Larry! Even Caspian, the man who did not fancy smiling that much, was excited. 
I guess it's only a matter of time before they reconcile! All of them stayed for some time to discuss the matter. 
Although they had not come up with any specific plans at the end, they were able to grasp the idea of what they should be doing. 
For now, they would be focusing on devising a solution for the issue at hand instead of taking revenge on Jake. 
"Fret not.I will take full responsibility for this issue by gifting everyone a batch of newly-produced clothes completely free of charge as an apology" was what Larry had announced to the media.
###Chapter 2928
Everyone was stunned upon hearing Larry's announcement, for they realized that it would cost him a heavy price to remake a new batch of clothes. 
"Is Larry out of his mind? How could he even think of that?" 
"Tell me about it.Who on earth manages their business like this? I bet he'll go bankrupt soon" 
"Yeah.Norton Corporation is not going to last long, it seems" 
The people kept gossiping about Larry's solution to the problem. 
However, what they did not know was that he had been preparing for this. 
Turned out, he had decided to spend his own money to re-produce the clothes. 
Larry had never been someone who cared about wealth, after all. 
On top of that, he believed that he would receive a good deed in return, so spending that paltry amount of money was no problem for him. 
"Say, Larry.How much have you spent on this?" asked Jessica cautiously as she lightly poked his arm. 
Larry turned to look at her with a serious expression. 
Despite so, he had no intention of answering her question. 
"Well? Why are you keeping me on edge? Answer me!" 
Jessica seemed extremely anxious, for she feared that Larry had invested all of his assets into re- creating the clothes.
How is he supposed to support Joan if he'd lost everything? 
"Why are you so keen to know?" questioned Larry, growing annoyed. 
"Never mind that.Just answer me!" 
"Stop it! Enough with your nonsense!" 
Finally, Larry had reached his limit. 
Why must she grumble about every single thing lately? After a long while, the crowd finally dispersed. 
Even so, Jessica kept trailing behind Larry as if she fear that he would flee from her. 
"Caspian, won't you stop your future wife from pestering me?" stated Larry unhappily as he fixed his gaze on the other man. 
Upon hearing that, Caspian was at a loss for words. 
I‘m the one that always gets bossed around by Jessica. 
There's no way I would dare to stop her. 
Despite that, he still approached her and gently tugged on the corner of her shirt, signaling her to control herself. 
The woman only shot him an "OK" gesture as she remained silent. 
Scrutinizing Larry, she could not bear it any longer, so she took her bag from the side to fish out her purse. 
After that, she calmly whipped out a few cards from inside.
Hmm? What is she doing now? Lifting his head, Larry looked at Jessica curiously. 
"Larry, these are all the cards you gave in the past.I'm aware that you're not expecting me to repay you, but you're in a bind now, and I can't just sit idly by doing nothing.You can use these cards as you please, and by the time you get back on your feet, only then can you repay me." 
Jessica glanced at the cards she had placed on the table with a pained expression. 
I think all of these should add up to a million. 
Goodbye...my money. 
Unable to contain himself, Larry let out a chuckle. 
Caspian, on the other side, also covered his mouth to try and stifle his laugh. 
What in tarnation is going on in this woman's head? Staring at the cards, Larry was beyond amused by Jessica's gesture. 
How could I take back what I have gifted someone? "No need.You can take them back," 
he remarked while pushing the cards back to Jessica. 
The latter was tempted to put the cards back inside her purse, but she held herself back by turning her head away, staying firm with her decisions. 
"Just accept my offer, Larry.Your problems are my problems too, so you can use the money as long as...you repay me" she replied in embarrassment with her head hung low. 
How could she say that to Larry when all of that was his money, to begin with? Caspian gave her a nudge in an attempt to silence her.
However, Jessica did not even bat an eye at him. 
"That's enough.Don't worry, Jessica.I'm not short of money" stated Larry with a smile. 
Truthfully, he did indeed lack money.However, he valued Jessica much more valuable than money itself.
###Chapter 2929
After hearing that, Jessica's face instantly brightened up. 
"Really? You still have money?" she asked as she leaned on the table, staring at Larry with her doe-like eyes. 
This punk... 
I Know she's only doing this out of courtesy. 
Larry knocked on her head lightly with his knuckles before nodding. 
"What about money for dates? Do you have enough for that? You know you'll need to spend a lot to court Joan, like treating her to meals and movies, as well as buying her beauty products," she uttered while counting the mentioned activities with her fingers. 
When did she become this talkative? Caspian stared at Jessica before unconsciously letting out a yawn, while Larry gazed intently at her, feeling happy that his somewhat adorable god-sister was thinking for his sake. 
"Here.I still think it's best if you have them." 
"No.You can keep it. Who knows, maybe it'll come in handy when you hang out with Joan" stated Larry. 
Huh... 
I suppose he's right! Convinced, Jessica scooped the cards from the table and put them back into her purse. 
Caspian shook his head as he watched the scene unfold right before him.
Since when has she become this materialistic? Despite the thought, adoration still filled his eyes as he gazed at the woman he loved. 
"Okay! I'll take my leave then! I'm gonna go take Joan out shopping now!" she informed before she skipped out of the office, looking like a happy child. 
When she was no longer in sight, Caspian approached Larry and told him seriously, "You should have kept the cards, Larry, since you need the money more than anyone else right now: Even though Larry was short on funds now, he was still determined to stay strong and deal with this situation himself. 
"Don't worry.Everything will be fine?” he replied with an assuring smile.Soon, the issue was starting to get resolved.Nevertheless, the employees’ salaries remained a hurdle to Larry since he was still strapped for cash.Norton Corporation had almost reached its rock-bottom before.Deprived of better options, he had decided to shift the company's direction into a fashion industry. 
Unfortunately, just when his business was beginning to stabilize, such an incident occurred, which triggered his anxiety. 
The reason being, at the early stages of the company's sudden change, he had invested a large sum of money. 
Even before the current incident, they had already suffered a huge loss. 
Hence, the current economic situation was a massive downturn. 
Sitting on the sofa in his office, Larry closed his eyes as he massaged his temples, trying to calm himself down. 
Entering the office, Caspian questioned in concern, "Larry? What's wrong? Are you feeling sick?" 
Larry simply waved his hand in response.He had been feeling lost recently.
Was the shift a mistake? Is the company suffering now because I was too stubborn back then? Larry smacked his head harshly, trying to get a hold of himself. 
"Larry, what are you doing?" 
Caspian was growing anxious upon witnessing Larry hitting himself. 
He understood that the latter must be feeling frustrated, so he wished to help Larry with all his might. 
"Larry!" 
All of a sudden, Jory's voice echoed as he barged into the office. 
Huh? What is he doing here? Larry raised his head and stared at the man in confusion. 
"Larry!" 
Another voice sounded. 
This time, it was Nancy. 
What's going on? What are they doing here? 
"Nancy said she wants to invest in your company" 
Jory's sudden declaration startled Larry, but he was quick enough to recompose himself. 
"This isn't a joke, Nancy.How are you going to invest when you don't understand a thing about the fashion industry?" Larry warned. 
How could he say that when I'm here to invest? Nancy scrutinized Larry, puzzled.Shouldn't he be happy instead? Besides, it's obvious I know that this isn't a joke! I just want to help him!
###Chapter 2930
"It doesn't matter if I don't understand a thing.I'll still just follow your lead," Nancy replied while patting Larry's shoulder. 
Jory felt helpless as he observed how determined his wife was. 
"Mr.Norton, since Nancy is resolved in helping you, let's just prepare all the relevant documents" he suggested, indirectly agreeing with Nancy. 
Larry thought to himself, Aren't they being a bit too reckless right now? Naturally, Jory would not mind lending Larry some money, for he knew how dire the situation that the latter was in right then.He was willing to help Larry, just like how Dustin was willing to befriend him back then. 
No one would have imagined that these two men started off as enemies and had become such good friends today. 
"Thank you; uttered Larry gratefully. 
"Hey! Count me in!" 
Jessica dashed toward them. 
Judging by how hard the woman was panting, Larry suspected that she was up to something again. 
"Here! This is everything I've got, and I'm giving them to you.After you make enough money, you'll have to repay me twice as much!" she exclaimed while patting her chest as Larry stared at her, perplexed. 
"You don't have to hide it from me, Larry.I know you're broke now because Joan told me, and she even asked me not to ask any more money from you." Larry was shocked.
What? How did Joan know? I don't remember telling her anything about this. 
"Hats off to Joan for guessing everything so accurately! mumbled Jessica.Ah.So she guessed it herself.I guess we're really connected, huh? A smile of satisfaction crept across Larry's face. 
"Are these enough? If not, I can sell the bookstore" 
"Don't! You can't do that!" 
Caspian rushed in, panicking upon hearing that statement. 
On the other hand, Jessica could not care less. 
It's just a bookstore, anyway.I can reopen them.Right now, we need to help Larry by any means possible. 
"Thank you all so much" said Larry, full of gratitude. 
In all honesty, the only reason he could get this much help was because he had helped each of them before. 
In the end, he accepted Nancy's offer. 
However, he remained strict on not taking Jessica's cards back. 
Meanwhile, in Jake's office, Ted was reporting Larry's situation to him. 
"Mr.Wilson, I heard that Larry's able to settle his problem.What's more, Norton Corporation has gained another shareholder.Her name is Nancy Barrymore." 
That Larry is truly something else.
I didn't expect that he managed to get Nancy to invest in his company.Jake bit his lip in frustration. 
"What are we going to do now, Mr.Wilson?" 
"For now, we do nothing, because Larry will surely retaliate against us if we make another move; he replied flatly while staring out the window.This is only a short preview of my ability, Larry.Next time, you won't be as lucky! Jake bit his lower lip so harshly that blood oozed out and trickled down.In the meantime, some of Larry's previous business partners complimented him to no end, face noticeably filled with joy. 
"Thank you so much, Mr.Norton.We would have suffered in paying a fine if not for your decision to remake a new batch of clothes" 
"I agree.Not only that, but the quality of these new clothes is also out of this world" 
Thank goodness.I'm glad that they are satisfied. 
It's safe to say that I've reached my goal. 
Larry breathed out a relieved sigh. 
After a moment of chit-chat with them, he excused himself. 
"Has that supervisor been found yet?" 
"No," answered Caspian in an apologetic tone as he lowered his head. 
In order to confirm that Jake was the mastermind behind this incident, the first step was to search for the supervisor who had escaped. 
Hearing the other man's reply, Larry narrowed his eyes and gazed out the window.
###Chapter 2931
"How are you going to deal with Jake?" questioned Caspian. 
It's easy to go after Jake, but the problem now is that we don't have any proof. 
Larry clenched his fists, emanating a murderous aura. 
"Congratulations for passing this ordeal." Jake's voice echoed out of the blue while clapping his hands with every step he took. 
How come he's here? Turning his body, Larry glared at the man who was slowly approaching him.Did he come here just to ridicule me? Larry raised his chin slightly.His aura became even more overbearing. 
"If there's nothing else, I'll take my leave" stated Larry as he squeezed out a faint smile, turning to leave. 
Seeing how collected the other man was, Jake was instantly infuriated as he clenched his fists, suppressing the urge to attack Larry. You b*stard. 
Do you think this settles it all? Hah! In your dreams! 
"Do take care of yourself, Mr.Norton. I heard that something has happened to your company, and you've been going around giving it your all to solve it. That must've taken a toll on you." 
With that, Jake took his leave. 
Inhaling deeply, Larry continued strolling forward. 
This is not the time to have a showdown with him.I must hold it in.
Witnessing the scene, Larry's assistant was also irked by Jake's words, but there was nothing she could do. 
Concurrently, Johann's mom, Clara, was with Joan as she stared at the latter. 
"Say, Joan.What do you think of my son?" 
What does she mean by that? Joan whipped her head around to look at the older woman oddly. 
Why is she suddenly bringing up Johann? 
"Um, he's okay, I guess" she replied plainly, oblivious of the meaning behind Clara's question. 
Hearing that, the latter lit up with excitement. 
"You know, both of you are single.Perhaps you two can-" 
"Mom!" Johann interrupted her as he walked in. 
"I've been searching for you everywhere.What are you doing here?" asked the man as he panted. 
This brat. 
He just had to cut in when I was on to the good part! "Why are you looking for me? Do you need something? Anyway, let's just talk at home later.I still have something to discuss with Joan." 
Clara spoke excitedly as she held onto Joan's hand. 
Johann was aware of what his mother was up to, but he knew that this was still not the right time because of what Joan had gone through. 
Clara, however, never bothered to dig too deep and run a background check on Joan.
Otherwise, she would not have taken a liking to the woman. 
"No, Mom.Let's go back now; remarked Johann before dragging his mother out of Joan's house.What's going on with those two? Joan stared at the mother-son-pair retreating figures, curious. 
After they had returned to their house, Clara pushed her son away, obviously furious. 
Seeing his fuming mother, Johann began filling Clara with every piece of information he knew of Joan. 
When he was done, he expected her to dismiss the idea of getting him together with Joan. 
To his surprise, Clara busted out laughing instead. 
"My dear son, I Know you're only trying to test me.But I'm telling you now, it's rare to find such a good woman like Joan these days.She's lovable, can cook, and is kind to others.So what if she had experienced some unfortunate events? Also, don't forget that we're from a prominent family too.Although we've been residing here, we still have power and influence, so don't worry too much’’
###Chapter 2932
As soon as Clara said those words, Johann was stunned. 
It was true that he had deliberately told Clara everything to see if her impression of Joan would change, but he now realized that he was the one who had been overthinking after seeing his mother's reaction. 
With that, he felt a weight lifted off his chest. 
In truth, he had a crush on Joan but was not courageous enough to confess. 
They were practically still strangers, after all. 
"Tell me, son.You have feelings for Joan, don't you?" 
Clara quipped as she tugged on the corners of his shirt. 
"Must you be that blunt, Mom?" 
Johann blushed. 
Oh my. 
He still gets shy even at this age. 
Well, now we just have to wait for Joan to agree. 
My son is handsome, has a great personality, outstanding, and overall, just perfect.There's no way she'll reject him. 
With that thought in mind, Clara stared at Joan's villa with a satisfied smile.
Back in Joan's house, the woman in question suddenly sneezed loudly. 
"Achoo!" That's weird. 
Is someone talking about me? She sniffled as she rubbed her nose, feeling a bit uneasy. 
Right then, her phone suddenly rang, and Jessica's name flashed across the screen. 
"Hello, Joan.Have you been doing okay lately? How's everything at home?" 
"I'm fine.Don't worry" she replied. 
She had been taking good care of herself. 
From time to time, she would also hang out with Clara. 
However, there were times where she would find herself missing Larry. 
"Joan, I need to tell you something.You should be wary of Johann.I have a feeling that he has an ulterior motive for approaching you." 
Jessica seemed like she was just gossiping, but her voice carried a hint of seriousness. 
What motive could he have when we barely know each other? Joan scoffed. 
"Stop making wild guesses.We're only neighbors and nothing more" 
ls that so? Despite Joan's answer, Jessica still felt uneasy. 
Ever since her first meeting with Johann in Joan's villa, she had sensed something was off, but she kept it to herself. 
"Who are you talking to?" Larry appeared out of nowhere.
For some reason, when Joan heard his voice, her heart started racing, and her cheeks began to blush. 
"Um, I need to go now.I'll talk to you later" 
uttered Jessica before ending the call. 
Staring at the phone in her hand, Joan felt a bit disappointed. 
Meanwhile, Jessica held Larry's arm and asked, "What are you doing here, Larry?" 
To inquire about Joan, of course. 
Bearing that thought in mind, Larry took a seat. 
"You haven't been making a fuss in my office lately.It feels odd" 
Is he trying to say that I'm only normal if I make a ruckus at Norton Corporation every day? Am I really such a wilful person in his eyes? Jessica shot Larry a side-eye before pouting unhappily. 
Surely, visiting me couldn't be the sole reason he's here.She then studied the man curiously. 
Aha! He must be here to ask about Joan! Upon the realization, Jessica questioned on purpose, "What brings you here, Larry?" 
The man cleared his throat awkwardly. 
"Um, how is Joan recently?" he asked softly. 
Just as ! figured. 
"Come again? I didn't hear you."
This brat! She's definitely doing this on purpose! "I said, how is Joan?" 
Larry raised his voice. 
Jessica was satisfied at the volume of his voice. 
Now that's the attitude I'm looking for! There's no need to be bashful when you're concerned about someone. 
"Oh, Joan?"
###Chapter 2933
What?Could it be that something happened to her? Looking at Jessica, who was frowning deeply, Larry was a bundle of nerves in an instant. 
Jessica noticed and was secretly feeling gleeful about it. 
Aha! Take that, Larry! That's payback for always pulling my leg. 
Now you get a taste of your own medicine! She smiled mischievously.Her sly eyes barely contained her glee. 
Larry immediately came to a realization. 
He swiftly knocked on Jessica's head and exclaimed, "You fooled me!" 
"Oh my, Larry.Who would've thought that you would actually fall into my trap just because of Joan? Haha!" she teased. 
"Don't worry.She's fine and doing well.She's just chilling around every day." 
Jessica surreptitiously avoided mentioning the incident concerning Johann since Joan herself had denied any relations to that man.She had a lot of faith in Joan and believed in her. 
"How about that man? Did he go find her recently?" Larry asked without missing a beat. 
Darn it! I was hoping he wouldn't ask.Jessica turned her face to one side.Her expression was clearly one of panic. 
"Come on, Larry.I don't live with Joan.How would I know whether he went to find her or not? Well, even if he did, he's just trying to be a friendly and helpful neighbor." She muttered unconvincingly.
Larry disagreed strongly.He knew for a fact that feelings could easily develop over time.He could not stay close to Joan for the time being. 
At such a crucial time, if another man entered her life, and she accepted that man... 
What would become of him? No way! I absolutely cannot give him any chance! 
"That won't do.I have to go find her!" 
Larry sprang into action right away. 
"Calm down, Larry! The reason Joan moved there was so that she would not be disturbed.If you went over, she would move to a new place.By that time, even I might not be able to find her" advised Jessica, blocking off Larry's path. 
I hate to admit it, but she's right. 
Right now, I can still hear about her through Jessica. 
However, if she leaves that house and goes off somewhere else without telling anybody, then I would be totally cut off from her. 
Larry sat down dejectedly, sinking into deep thought.His hands were tied.He could neither do this nor that. 
Was he really doomed to watch Joan slip away with his very own eyes, unable to do a thing? He sighed helplessly, looking exasperated. 
"Larry, stop worrying.Since Joan called to check on you, it shows that you still own a place in her heart.You should quit riling yourself up with petty matters." 
Jessica advised and patted Larry's shoulder to encourage him.
Everybody knew Joan's character.She was absolutely loyal and devoted in love. 
However, Larry was concerned about the fact that she had not yet recovered all of her memories. 
What if her feelings toward him swayed during this uncertain period of time? 
"That's enough" said Jessica, "green is not a good color on you.Have you taken care of all your company's affairs?" 
She reminded him to divert his attention. 
Indeed, many things happened at Norton Corporation in recent times. 
Nevertheless, Larry had already settled the more pressing issues. 
What was left could be taken care of by his assistant. 
"Larry, how's Caspian lately?" 
Bang! 
Before Larry could answer Jessica's query, Della barged in. 
"What are you doing here?" Jessica asked with hostility. 
She placed herself in front of Larry right away to form a barrier. 
Della ignored her and rushed over to Larry anyway. 
"Larry, are you okay?" She asked with worry. 
Tears glistened in the corners of her eyes.
What the hell?What is she up to now? Larry's curiosity was piqued as he observed the woman in front of him who appeared to be pitiful. 
"I was overseas, so I didn't know what transpired in the country while I was away.I'm so sorry, Larry.It's all my fault.I left you to face everything alone when you encountered difficulties." 
Della started reeling off on her own. 
What nonsense is she spouting now?When did Larry allow her to stay by his side?Who said that Larry needed her help?
###Chapter 2934
Jessica looked at Della incredulously, and her blood boiled. 
"Listen here, Della.First of all, you do not need to apologize to me.Secondly, I do not need your help.I'm doing great now.There is no need for you to worry.You can leave now” said Larry mercilessly.He finally had some peace and quiet after Della had gone overseas.Now, she came back all of a sudden. 
Fate was playing games with him. 
Looks like even Mr.Duff cannot reign her in anymore. 
Too bad he is still keeping her in the dark about his health condition. 
Larry shook his head sadly. 
Mr.Duff was a good father, but Della was not a good daughter. 
"You're not mad at me anymore, right? Can you please forgive me? I guarantee there is no next time! I will stand by you and accompany you come hell or high water" Della pleaded in a touching tone. 
Jessica could not keep quiet any longer. 
"That's enough, Ms.Duff.This is my place and not a stage for you to practice your acting chops.You may leave, for you are not welcome here." 
Jessica stated bluntly.It's bad enough that this woman is distasteful. 
On top of that, her skin is thicker than the wall of a fortress! Della walked over to Jessica and grasped her hands tightly.
"Jessica, I'm really grateful for your care and support toward Larry.Be rest assured that I will work hard from now on to take care good of Larry" said Della earnestly. 
Taken aback by her unexpected gesture, Jessica was spooked. 
"Enough!" 
Larry suddenly bellowed. 
How long does she plan to keep up the act? Larry snickered coldly and kept his eyes pinned on Della unflinchingly with an icy expression. 
That's right.She was just putting on a show! A frighteningly cold glint flitted across Della's eyes.She instantly gave off an offensive vibe in contrast to her demeanor just a moment ago. 
Since he was not interested to watch her performance, there was no point for her to continue acting.She ran her fingers through her silky hair and lifted her chin ever so slightly. 
In the blink of an eye, she reverted to her usual supercilious stance. 
Finally, you are showing your true colors. 
Jessica shot her a glance that was full of contempt. 
"Ms.Duff, you came to my place to look for Larry, right? Larry, you have a guest" said Jessica on purpose, looking pointedly at the man beside her. 
Of course, Larry knew Della was here for him.He just couldn't be bothered to have anything to do with this troublesome woman. 
"What do you want?"
Larry lifted his head gingerly and asked impassively. 
There wasn't a hint of emotion in his voice.He was holding back his resentment and negative feelings. 
Seeing Larry's detached behavior, Della felt immense sorrow. 
Why couldn't he spare her just one smile? She quickly explained, "I was just worried about you and came back to have a look.That's all." 
It was true.She was really worried for him. 
However, her ulterior motive was to see for herself how Larry would win Joan back given his situation now. 
"You've seen me.I'm fine.Nothing happened.You can go now" said Larry indifferently while pointing at the door. 
He's really in such a hurry for me to leave? Della was dejected that Larry was still heartless as always.She clenched her fists and exuded a chilling aura. 
Never, not even once, did he show her any form of slight affection.He was as frosty as ever! 
"Ms.Duff, as Larry said, you can leave now; reminded Jessica.Hmph! t will remember this, Jessica! will not let you off easily! Della glared at her viciously, then clacked away in her high heels. 
Staring at the retreating figure, Jessica was overcome by an ominous premonition that Della would be up to no good. 
Her face tensed up with unease.At the same time, Larry was quite surprised that Della went away just like that without throwing a fit.
"Larry, from what you know of Della, could she be the mastermind?" Jessica asked sternly. 
I don't think so.Larry knew her well. 
Even though she might hate him to the core sometimes, she would not go to that extent.
###Chapter 2935
Larry shook his head to indicate no. 
However, it did not mean that Della had nothing to do with the person behind it. 
To be fair, many strange things had happened within the year. 
"How much more longer do you want me to wait?" Abelyn sounded rather anxious on the phone. 
Della smiled coldly before putting the phone in speaker mode. 
"Why are you so anxious? Don't worry.You'll have your wish soon.And it's better to take things slowly.Patience is the key.I have to say, sometimes you are quite impulsive, Abelyn.I'll remind you again, make all the necessary preparations and leave a way out for yourself.Otherwise, no one will be able to save you.Not even Dustin." 
Having said that, Della hung up the phone. 
Abelyn stared at the phone in her hand as she gritted her teeth. 
"What's the matter, Abelyn?" Dustin asked softly when he came over and hugged her tightly from behind. 
"Oh, nothing.Um...is dinner ready? I'm hungry" 
Abelyn immediately turned around and asked as she placed a hand on her stomach. 
"Come with me.Dinner is ready." 
As he spoke, he reached out and took her hand, and then he led her to the dining room.
Abelyn was taken aback when she saw the lavish spread on the dining table. 
Why is there so much food on the table? She eyed him suspiciously, feeling somewhat puzzled. 
"Have you forgotten what day it is today?" Dustin asked softly as he hooked a finger under her chin. 
Today? She titled her head and thought for a while. 
But she still couldn't figure out what day was it today. 
"It's our tenth anniversary of knowing each other, silly" 
Dustin tapped her forehead lightly as he teased her with a sense of affection in his eyes. 
Just then, a smile spread across Abelyn's face.She did not even expect a man like Dustin to remember their tenth anniversary. 
Abelyn instantly became overjoyed. 
She leaned into his arms and said affectionately, "Thank you for all of these, Dustin" 
"As long as we're both safe and healthy, that's all I ask for," Dustin murmured and kissed her forehead. 
A pang of guilt shot through her heart.She couldn't get rid of the hatred she had for Joan, but she couldn't tell that to the man in front of her either.I'm sorry, Dustin.But it was Joan who betrayed me first. 
She deserves what's coming to her. 
Meanwhile, Joan was lying on the bed and staring blankly at the moon outside of her window. 
A smile played on her lips as she thought of Larry.
I wonder what's he doing right now, is he staring at the moon too? Suddenly, there was a knock on the door. 
She sprang up and immediately put herself on guard. 
Who could it be at this time of night? Just when she got up to open the door, a thought crept into her mind, and she lay back down in bed again. 
That can't be right. 
Jessica had made a pact with me to call me before she was to come over. 
And in my earlier conversation with Clara, she told me that she will only look for me during the day. 
So who's that knocking at the door? If it's neither Jessica nor Clara, then could that be Johann? That's impossible. 
Johann is a man of principles.He wouldn't come and look for me at this hour. 
It's possible that the person at the door has bad intentions. 
As the pounding on the door became more fervent, Joan grew more frightened. 
She picked up the phone next to her and scrolled through the contact list for Jessica's number. 
Staring at Jessica's number, she hesitated to dial it. 
"What's all the ruckus? I'm trying to sleep here!" 
It's Clara's voice! Her eyes lit up with expectation at the sound of the woman's voice.
After that, the sound of incessant knocking stopped.But by then, Joan had difficulty going back to sleep.
###Chapter 2936
The next morning, there was the sound of knocking at the door again. 
Joan clutched her blanket tightly in fear for she thought that it was the same troublemaker from last night. 
"Open up, Joan.It's me, Clara" 
At that moment, Clara shouted. 
When Joan heard that it was her neighbor, she immediately got up and went to open the door. 
Clara asked with concern, "Are you alright? I saw someone knocking on your door last night" 
"Oh, Clara." 
Finally, Joan couldn't contain her emotions any longer. 
With tears running down her cheeks, she hugged Clara tightly and started to sob. 
I can't hold it in anymore.I!'ve just put an end to a painful event and pulled myself together. 
And now I have to deal with some inexplicable things that are happening to me. 
"There, there...dry your eyes.Let's go in and have a talk" 
With that, Clara shut the door immediately. 
When they were in the living room, Clara comforted her, "Don't be afraid.That person may have been knocking on the wrong door’ ls that so?If only it's that simple.Joan smiled awkwardly and kept quiet.However, it became an opportunity for Clara to start a conversation with an intended topic.
"Have you ever thought of getting yourself a boyfriend, Joan? Someone who can protect you and take care of you? With a boyfriend, you don't have to live alone" 
For some reason, her head was filled with images of Larry when she heard that. 
Could it be that I've fallen in love with Larry? Joan shook her head, trying hard to clear her thought. 
Huh?Is she serious?Why is she shaking her head?Doesn't she want a boyfriend?She already has a boyfriend? Clara immediately became suspicious. 
"That's not what I have in mind at the moment; Joan tactfully rejected.How could she be involved in a new relationship when she's in the midst of sorting out her life? It had been so long since she tried to forget about Larry. 
But deep in her heart, she knew that he was always on her mind. 
"Joan, what do you think about Johann?" Clara asked out of the blue. 
What? Joan was flabbergasted by that question. 
Johann was a very good man, but she was not the one for him. 
Based on his qualities, he definitely deserved someone better than herself. 
When she saw the hopeful look on Clara's face, Joan shook her head. 
After an awkward silence, Joan immediately got up and poured a glass of water for Clara. 
"Here, have some water." 
But why?What's the problem?Johann is excellent in all aspects, so why doesn't Joan fancy him? Clara tilted her head and stared at Joan with curiosity.
Her son owned a house and a car, and he was a powerful man with good family background. 
So he definitely did not fare worse than Mr.Norton. 
Furthermore, her son was a president of a company too. 
"Tell me, Joan.Why don't you fancy Johann? Did he bully you? Did he do something wrong to you?" 
Clara grabbed her arm tightly and asked anxiously. 
Those questions totally threw Joan off. 
"Hold on a minute, Mrs.Wright.Johann is a great man, and he takes good care of me.He's not a bully, and he didn't do anything wrong.It's just that I'm not in the right frame of mind to be in a relationship right now.All I want is to be alone for a while." 
Joan quickly explained herself.She didn't want to hurt anyone and be a burden to anyone. 
Hence, she deemed it necessary to make herself clear on these things. 
She doesn't want to be in a relationship? Clara furrowed her brow in confusion. 
Who doesn't want to be in love?Every woman wants to be loved and cherished by a man. 
But why is she the opposite? Why does she want to be alone instead?!s there something wrong with her?
###Chapter 2937
Clara lowered her head in dejection. 
"I'm in a good place right now with Johann, Mrs.Wright.We're good friends." 
But I don't want both of you to be just friends.I want you to be my daughter-in-law. 
Ugh, forget about it now. 
They probably need more time. 
Clara lifted her head and chuckled awkwardly before quickly changing the topic. 
Love is not something that you can rush, and it's important for both parties to develop feelings for each other.Perhaps both of them did not spend enough time together, hence Joan has no feelings for Johann. 
"Joan, if you're afraid to be alone, you can come and stay with me" 
Joan knew that Clara was referring to what had happened last night.She hoped that it was like what Clara had said just now, that someone came knocking on the wrong door. 
"It's alright, Mrs.Wright.I'll be fine on my own." 
Joan replied with a smile. 
Meanwhile, an uptight woman was pacing around anxiously as she waited for an answer. 
"How did it go?" Abelyn asked coldly. 
"We failed."
The man hurried over and replied feebly with his head bowed. 
"Useless piece of sh*t!" 
"When we knocked on the door last night, her neighbor shouted at us to keep it down.We left because we were afraid to be discovered" the man explained. 
Neighbor?That old woman? Abelyn lifted her head and narrowed her eyes while she looked into the distance. 
"Find a chance to strike.Don't forget that you'll be paid one million for this.Once it's done, I'll transfer the money to you immediately." 
She left after saying that. 
The man continued to stand there with uneasiness in his heart. 
This was a matter of life and death, so it was only natural for them to be a little more cautious. 
On the other side of things, Joan never told Jessica about the incident where someone came banging on her door late in the night. 
And Jessica had been busy recently in the bookstore, so she had no time to visit her.Back at the office, Larry asked nonchalantly, "Have you seen Joan recently?" 
"No” Jessica replied curtly. 
Displeased, Larry put down his pen. 
Jessica knew that Larry would be infuriated after hearing that, so she quickly explained, "I've been busy lately, and that's why I don't have time to visit her"
Larry's angry expression eased slightly.Why don't he go over himself since he's so worried? Jessica shot him a dirty look and pursed her lips. 
"How's the bookstore doing recently?" Larry asked. 
"Not too bad.Another batch of new books just came in.Also, I'm planning to open two more bookstores in the next few days; Jessica said.Oh my, she's really something else.As of today, Jessica was managing the bookstore's business with immense ease.She was no longer as careless and hasty as before. 
Although she would occasionally still give him the puppy-dog eyes, she had changed a lot in her ways, especially in her career. 
For this, Larry was definitely proud of her. 
"Larry, I think you need to talk to Joan; Jessica said all of a sudden. 
"Since she has lost her memory, you should help her to regain her memories" 
Although Jessica had a point, Larry knew that it wasn't that easy, considering Joan's temperament. 
No one could force her to do something that she did not want to do. 
Just like how she's refusing to see him now, thus she was avoiding him. 
Meanwhile, ever since the late-night door knocking incident, Joan had hardly stepped out of the house. 
She stayed home all day and occupied herself with either cooking or gardening. 
Even though it became boring after quite a while, nevertheless, she had a sense of peace.
And Clara would come over and chat with her every other day. 
All these made her days pass by peacefully. 
But ever since Johann learned from Clara that Joan only treated him as a friend, it troubled him. 
Joan was the first woman who captivated him, hence he wasn't going to give up so easily. 
He had thought that Joan would take a liking to himself after spending some time together, but he was wrong to think so.It seemed that Joan's feelings toward him were not romantic at all.
###Chapter 2938
"Mom, I think Joan doesn't feel the same way about me as I do to her’’ Johann said dejectedly while they were in the living room. 
Clara sighed helplessly. 
Love is a two-way street. 
If one doesn't reciprocate, then the relationship is not worth it.It seemed that Johann and Joan were not destined to be together. 
Sadness flashed across Clara's eyes as she stared at the ceiling. 
At the same time, Joan was alone in her quiet house in the dark of the night.She sat on the sofa with her arms around her knees, feeling uneasy for no apparent reason. 
What's wrong with me?Why is my heart racing? She clutched her chest and frowned.She had a feeling that something bad was about to happen, but she didn't know how to stop it from happening. 
Bang! All of sudden, she was startled by the loud sound and jumped up from the sofa. 
A few men came rushing into the house swiftly after. 
"Who are you guys? Why are you here? What are you here for?" 
Joan pointed her finger at the men in front of her and asked cautiously. 
From the looks of these men, they were definitely up to no good. 
"You're Joan, aren't you? Tie her up and take her away!" the leader of the men roared.
In an instant, the men behind him immediately rushed up to her with a rope. 
"What are you doing? Let go of me! Help me! I..." 
Before she could finish her sentence, she was gagged by those men. 
At the same time, next door's Johann and Clara were in the dining room.He turned to Clara and asked, "Mom, did you hear that? That sounds like Joan." 
My silly son.He's so smitten with Joan that he's even hearing her voice in his head. 
"I didn't hear anything.You're imagining things, and I understand that.People who are in love always think about their loved ones all the time; Clara replied immediately.Is that so? Johann lifted his head and looked at his mother quizzically. 
He was a little puzzled. 
Was he really imagining things? But he did hear her voice just now. 
Very soon, the men carried Joan and quickly got into the car and left. 
"Go and take a look if you're really worried’’ Clara said gently to her son. 
His heart was tight with worry as he ran out of the house. 
But when he came to the door of Joan's house, he was stumped. 
The whole house was dark, and not a single light was on. 
That's strange.
Why has she gone to bed so early tonight? Johann lingered by the door for some time before returning home. 
The next morning, when he went out to work, he passed by Joan's villa and found that it was still quiet. 
Without thinking much about it, he left for work. 
Late morning, Clara went over to Joan's house and knocked on the door. 
But after knocking on the door for a long time, no one came to open the door, which puzzled her. 
"Joan! It's me, Clara.Open the door, please; Clara shouted while she pounded on the door.But no one answered the door.What's going on?Joan is not someone who'll oversleep. 
And even if she were to laze in bed all day, she'll wake up from the ruckus that I'm making.Oh no. 
Did something happen to her? Clara quickly whipped out her phone and made a call. 
True enough. 
When Jessica arrived and opened the door for Clara, they discovered that Joan was not at home. 
"Jessica, I knew that something was not right this morning.That's why I called you.I'm sorry I didn't keep a close watch on her" 
Clara quickly apologized to Jessica. 
Something must have happened to her. 
Joan would never go anywhere without saying a word to me, so she must have been abducted. 
As Jessica paced anxiously, she kept wringing her hands.
Larry was going to kill her if he found out that Joan had gone missing. 
What are we going to do now? She kept pacing back and forth anxiously. 
"Mom! What's the matter? What's going on? Where's Joan?" Johann yelled and inquired as he came running in.
###Chapter 2939
"She's gone, son.By the way, didn't you say that you heard her voice last night? Do you remember what you heard?" 
Clara grabbed her son's hand and asked.She regretted not letting her son go to check on Joan the moment he heard something. 
If he had gone to check on her soon enough, this wouldn't have happened. 
"I didn't hear it clearly, Johann replied. 
He was also filled with regret for not knocking on Joan's door last night and this morning to check if something was amiss. 
Jessica sat frozen on the sofa with a look of helplessness on her face.How was she going to find Joan? 
"Let's call the police!" Johann hollered. 
"Wait a minute.Don't call the police first.I need to inform Larry about this.Please don't say anything about this to anyone yet.I'll leave now, and I'll call you later." 
After saying that, Jessica ran out of the house.No matter what, she had to tell Larry about this. 
At that time, Larry appeared to be swamped in his office. 
Bang! Jessica hurled the door open and barged into his office as she tried to catch her breath.Larry looked at her with disdain. 
"Larry, something bad happened? Jessica said in panic.
"What happened?" Larry asked nonchalantly. 
Jessica lowered her head and hesitated for a moment. 
Finally, she summoned her courage and told him what had happened. 
"What did you say? Joan's abducted? When? Who's behind it?" 
Larry stood up and roared at her.She knew nothing. 
Jessica shook her head and hung her head in guilt. 
She had promised the man in front of her that she would take good care of Joan.But now, Joan was being abducted by someone again. 
"No clue? Is there no evidence at all at the scene?" Larry asked cruelly. 
"Where's Caspian? Caspian!" he hollered after that. 
"What's wrong, Larry? What's going on?" Caspian came running in and asked cautiously. 
He knew that something must have happened whenever Larry blew his top. 
"Joan's been abducted.Gather some men and find her" 
Jessica was in distress as she watched Larry grow more and more anxious.She was clueless as to why things would turn out to be like this. 
One thing for sure was that she found that house for Joan's sake. 
"I didn't mean for this to happen, Larry.I did not expect this to happen" 
Jessica stammered as she tried to explain herself.
At that time, Larry could not listen to a word from her.He ignored her and dashed out of his office. 
Jessica was filled with regret as she watched his retreating figure disappear from her sight. 
If she had known that such a thing would happen, she wouldn't have found a house for Joan. 
"Ms.Zimmer, what's wrong with Mr.Norton? Is he alright?" 
One of the staff ran up to her and asked worriedly. 
"He's fine? she waved her hand and replied.Norton Corporation's employees had panicked from the earlier incident that happened some time ago.And now that the employees saw how flustered Larry was when he ran out of his office, it was only natural for Jessica to appease them. 
"Jessica, is there any surveillance system in the house?" Larry asked her when he called her on the phone. 
Surveillance system? Suddenly, Jessica's eyes lit up. 
That's it! Why have ! forgotten about the surveillance system? When she bought the house, she had specifically asked for a surveillance system to be installed for Joan's safety. 
"Yes, there is," Jessica answered as she ran to the car. 
Soon, she reached the villa and pulled over in front of the entrance. 
As expected, Joan's abduction was captured on the home surveillance camera. 
"See that, Caspian? Find out that license plate number; Larry roared as he pointed at the car in the surveillance system.
"l'll get to it right away." 
Damn it! How dare anyone abduct Joan?l hope she's unharmed. 
Otherwise, I'll nail you down and turn your life into a living hell. 
Larry balled his fists angrily.
###Chapter 2940
Ring! Ring! Ring! 
Suddenly, the silence in the car was broken by the sound of a mobile phone ringing. 
The man sitting in the front seat turned behind to look at Joan before answering the phone. 
"Your license plate has been traced.You'd better change to another car quickly.One more thing, Larry managed to identify some of your men.So you'll have to come up with another plan yourself." 
After saying that, the woman hung up.He's quick! The man sneered inwardly and said, "Change to another car.Some of you will have to leave the country now, and you're not allowed to return until further notice.Don't worry about the money.I'll transfer it to you once I have it in my hands" 
At that moment, Joan lay in the backseat with her eyes closed.She had a pale and haggard look on her face. 
Joan was awakened by the noise in the car. 
She slowly opened her eyes and scanned her surroundings, only to realize that she was in the backseat of a car. 
Who are they? And what do they want from me? When she tried to sit up, she realized that she barely had any strength to move at all.Not being able to hold it in, she let out an involuntary hacking cough. 
Everyone else in the car turned around to look at her. 
"Boss, she's awake." A young thug whispered into the ears of the thug leader. 
"Alright.Let's dismiss.Call me if anything happens.And remember, don't come back."
"Ms.Watts, you're finally up," the thug leader snorted at her. 
They know my name.But why can't I recognize any of them?Have I offended them before? Joan shot the man a death stare as she tried to recall ever seeing him before. 
"Who are you guys?" 
Joan demanded immediately. 
"You don't need to know who we are.All you need to know is that you shouldn't be alive.You shouldn't be with Larry even more so," the man said. 
What's that supposed to mean? Joan dipped her head and was lost in thought. 
From the sound of it, it seemed that this was a plot by an admirer of Larry.She could think of none other than Della who was capable of such a vile act. 
Damn you, Della! How can you be so cruel enough to harm me again? Joan trembled in fear for she knew how determined Della was. 
Now that she was in Della's hands, she did not stand a chance to get out of this alive. 
But she didn't know that Abelyn was the mastermind behind all of this. 
Della had wanted to get rid of Joan by pinning it on Abelyn, but Della would never have thought that Abelyn would be the one to frame the former for harming Joan. 
"How do you want to die? Drown in the sea? Drug overdose? Stabbed to death?" 
One of the men in the car asked her. 
Suddenly he thought of something and said, "Oh, that’s right.We have to change into another car."
Very quickly, the men lifted Joan out of the car and pushed her into another car. 
"Before I die, I want to know if it's Della who ordered you to kidnap me? Is it her?" Joan asked vehemently. 
"This has nothing to do with you.Just do your part and be dead." 
The thug stretched out his head and stroked her cheek lightly as he replied with a smile. 
Nothing to do with me? “I'm the one who's about to die! 
"Is it her? Tell me!" Joan demanded. 
The thug turned away and refused to look at her. 
Then he adjusted his collar with an indifferent look on his face. 
"Since you're about to die, there's no harm to let you know.The answer is no." 
After saying that, the thug burst out laughing. 
What? At that moment, Joan was taken aback. 
If it's not Della, then who can it be? Her mind was completely blank. 
After pondering for a long time, she still couldn't figure out who wanted her dead. 
This is so unfair. 
At the same time, the annoyed Della was sitting on the couch flipping through the newspaper.
###Chapter 2941
"Della, come out!" Jessica barged in out of nowhere. 
Why is she here? Della stood with her guard up and walked toward Jessica. 
"Ms.Zimmer, this is my company.It's not a random place where you can cause trouble and make noise; Della yelled disgruntledly. 
"Della, where are you keeping Joan?" Jessica asked directly and stared at her. 
"Are you insane? Why would I Know where Joan is? Besides, do you guys doubt me every time she is missing?" 
Soon, Della was rather certain that Abelyn was behind Joan's abduction. 
As Della was surprised to know that Abelyn acted impatiently, a scheming smile crept onto her lips. 
Meanwhile, judging from Della's response, Jessica felt that she probably had nothing to do with Joan's abduction. 
In that case, who else would harm Joan except for Della? As such, Jessica gazed at Della in bewilderment. 
On the other hand, Della looked as composed as before. 
i'm sure Jessica will never figure out who the mastermind is! Shortly afterward, she clenched her fists, exuding arrogance. 
Abelyn, I hope you won't disappoint me.
The grin on her face grew wider. 
"Jessica, I would advise you to look for Joan elsewhere quickly.I mean, I'm afraid that she wouldn't know who harmed her even after she died.So, you should bid the final farewell to her if there is still time.Also, let me make it clear: I didn't do this!" 
With that, Della turned around and left. 
Sorrow filled Jessica's heart as she watched Della leave. 
Who abducted Joan? She bit her lip, a cold glint flashed across her eyes. 
"Larry, what should we do? The car was abandoned in a deserted area, yet no one was in it; Caspian reported to Larry nervously over the phone. 
It seems that they're fully prepared to execute the plan. 
How cunning! Larry narrowed his eyes and looked out the window, exuding a sense of murderous aura. 
Being meticulous to such an extent was crazy. 
Caspian shook his head helplessly. 
"How is it? Have you found her? Where is she?" Dustin and Abelyn asked once they rushed toward Caspian. 
"Larry, how's Joan now? Is she hurt? Where is she?" Abelyn looked around, pretending to be anxious. 
"We haven't found her yet? Larry replied plainly, yet everyone could feel the slight sense of anger in his eyes. As expected, the men didn't disappoint me.Abelyn covered her mouth and chuckled secretly while her eyes beamed with delight.Joan, your days are numbered! "Are there no clues about her whereabouts at all?"
Dustin was filled with anxiety. 
Meanwhile, Abelyn couldn't help but feel irritated to see Dustin's reaction.Does he still have feelings for that woman? She stared at him in dissatisfaction. 
"Abelyn, who do you think has abducted Joan?" 
Suddenly, Larry turned around and looked at her seriously. 
Abelyn was in a daze upon hearing the question, for she never thought that Larry would solicit her opinion.Is he suspicious of me? She lifted her head towards Larry but soon avoided his gaze. 
Could it be that I'm overthinking it? 
"Larry, I'm baffled by your question.Why would I know who abducted Joan?" 
She remained as composed when she was answering, but her inner feelings were reflected in her eyes. 
Judging from Abelyn's reaction, Larry couldn't help but feel suspicious of her. 
Nonetheless, he thought that Della was the most likely suspect. 
Since Jessica hadn't come back, he didn't know if Della had let the cat out of the bag before Jessica. 
On the contrary, if Della didn't orchestrate this, the second most likely suspect would be Abelyn. 
After all, he was already doubtful about Abelyn when she escaped from Della. 
However, he didn't carry out any investigations because Joan completely trusted her back then.
###Chapter 2942
"Don't get me wrong.I asked you because Joan once said that besides being a beauty, you're also smart and good at analyzing things thoroughly! Larry came up with an excuse to overcome her qualms. 
Is that so?Yet, why does he look so hostile toward me? 
"That's right.Abelyn, since you always have a lot of ideas, do you have an idea about how we can find Joan?" 
Dustin immediately asked. 
Apart from jealousy, the intensity of her anger grew stronger upon seeing Dustin's reaction. 
"I don't know!" she yelled while trying her best to suppress her emotions. 
Joan, Joan, Joan! Why does everyone care about her? Who is she to deserve their love?Regardless of men or women, everyone likes Joan. 
What is so good about her? Why does she deserve everyone's attention? 
"Abelyn, what's wrong?" Dustin asked shockingly as she suddenly looked ferocious. 
"Oh? I'm fine; it's just that I'm feeling a little sick" 
Abelyn held in her emotions and responded with a random excuse. 
On the other hand, Larry had observed her series of reactions. 
What can I do to make her tell the truth? Larry felt his head throbbing.He was well aware that Abelyn definitely wouldn't reveal her true colors.
What would Joan think when she finds out that Abelyn was the mastermind behind everything? Larry turned around and heaved a sigh.So, this is her good friend. 
Forget it.I should leave it for Joan to decide. 
"Larry!" 
Jessica sprinted pantingly and said, "Della denied it." 
Then, she leaned in and whispered near Larry's ear, "Besides, I think she isn't the mastermind’ As Abelyn glanced at them, she began to feel nervous. 
What did Jessica say to Larry? Also, what did Della say to Jessica? She gazed at them ferociously and prepared for the worst. 
Shortly afterward, Larry turned around and glanced at Abelyn coldly. 
Larry suddenly came up to Abelyn and said softly, "Abelyn, Della said she left something in your place when you guys met last time.So, she told Jessica to ask you to return it to her.She did call you a few times, yet you didn't answer her calls." 
What? Jessica was taken aback. 
When did Della ask me to relay the message to Abelyn? Speaking of which, since when has Abelyn kept in touch with that b*tch? Jessica gazed at Larry confusedly. 
"What nonsense is that?" Abelyn shouted, pretending to be furious. 
Larry is testing me! She was well aware of it. 
Oh Larry, who knew you'd be such a cunning man!
"Larry, don't talk nonsense" 
Grabbing Larry's sleeves, Jessica whispered near his ear. 
I'm not spewing nonsense! On the contrary, I'm trying to sound her out! 
"What? Have you forgotten about it? When Della met you in her pink dress, she left one of the ornaments on her dress there." 
"Bullsh***! Della wore a black dress back then!" Abelyn yelled. 
Instantly, everyone turned their attention toward her.She finally blew her cover. 
Larry looked at her and flashed her a wry smile. 
My goodness, I let the cat out of the bag! Abelyn hastily tried to cover it up. 
"Why are you staring at me? I met Della when she abducted me" 
She could have deceived others, but not Larry! 
"You gave me such a fright! I thought you really kept in touch with Della" Dustin said softly while hugging her. 
The fact was that Abelyn did keep in touch with Della, yet she didn't want to reveal it to them.She flashed Larry a cold smile, just like how she used to smile at Joan.
###Chapter 2943
"By the way, Abelyn, I never asked you about what happened when Della abducted you and Joan.Why don't you tell me about it? Dustin, if you don't mind, can you go with Caspian to find Joan?" Larry said while shooting a glance at Caspian. 
"Sure.Dustin, let's go." 
With that, Caspian dragged Dustin to leave. 
What's happening?Joan is missing now, yet why does Larry still look as composed? Dustin was perplexed. 
"Wait, Larry.Shouldn't you go with us?" Dustin asked loudly. 
"You can go off first.I'll catch up with you guys soon." 
Larry waved his hand dismissively. 
After they left, only Larry, Jessica, and Abelyn were left. 
Jessica couldn't help but gaze at them in bewilderment. 
What is Larry trying to do? Why is he glaring at Abelyn? 
"Abelyn, there're no outsiders here.Can you tell the truth now?" 
A moment later, Larry asked her. 
In the end, I still can't outsmart Larry! Abelyn snickered and recollected herself. 
Then, she lifted her head and looked arrogant.
"Larry, what exactly do you mean by that?" 
"Abelyn, Jessica isn't an outsider.Since we're friends, I hope you can tell me everything truthfully, including what happened when Della kidnapped Joan and you,’ Larry said in dissatisfaction. 
Oh? Is there more to it? Jessica stroked her chin thoughtfully. 
Yet, why didn't Abelyn tell everyone? 
"There's nothing much I can say.Larry, Joan is missing now, yet you're still in the mood to chat with me.Aren't you worried that Joan will be sad when she finds out?" 
Abelyn raised her voice and deliberately changed the subject. 
"Do you trust me?" 
Suddenly, Larry turned around to gaze at Jessica and asked her. 
What are you even talking about? I trust you, of course! Although Jessica didn't reply, the glint in her eyes gave him the answer.Meanwhile, Abelyn was perplexed. 
She couldn't see Jessica's reaction nor tell if Jessica would stand by her side. 
"Abelyn, didn't you have your heart in your mouth to plan everything ever since you escaped from Della? I must say, your plan is well-orchestrated! After everything you've done, you can still pretend that nothing happened and even look for Joan with us." 
Actually, Larry wasn't entirely sure that what he said was true. 
Instead, he only wished to sound her out. 
Abelyn did not let me down! ! guess she would blame everything on Della when the fiasco ends.
What a black- hearted woman! "Abelyn, remember everything that you say now.I'll see how you explain yourself when we've found Joan!" 
Humph! Abelyn sneered. 
Does he think that I'm an idiot?i have never shown my face before Joan to avoid any untoward incidents!In that case, what can they do even if they successfully find that woman?What a joke! "Abelyn, please be honest if you're really involved in it. 
Since we are good friends, you can tell us if you are facing any difficulties. 
We can give you a hand if you're in any trouble, but you can't do something detrimental to yourself and others; Jessica advised. 
Friendship was certainly important, but she believed Larry even more. 
It looks like she is entirely on Larry's side now! Abelyn sneered and scowled at Jessica. 
Humph! This is the so- called friendship between us! Meanwhile, even though Jessica didn't know what happened, she could tell the gravity of the matter by looking at Larry's eyes. 
Ring! Ring! As Abelyn’s phone rang, she stared at the screen and hesitated for a few seconds. 
Then, she turned around and answered the call. 
"The woman keeps resisting us!" 
A man squawked dissatisfied over the phone. 
"Just do as you see fit"
With that, Abelyn hung up the phone.
###Chapter 2944
"Wait a minute.Didn't you say she can't die yet? Do we have to wait till tomorrow?" he continued asking. 
Abelyn hesitated. 
She initially instructed them to kill Joan the next day, which was also the hundredth day since Della abducted Joan and her. 
Now she felt conflicted because she probably had to bring forward the plan. 
Do I really have to do this? While Abelyn lowered her gaze and felt silent, Jessica couldn't help but feel uneasy. 
Bang! The next moment, Jessica rushed toward Abelyn and pretended to hit her and her phone accidentally. 
"My phone!" 
Abelyn screamed as she stared at her broken phone. 
"Oh my god, I'm so sorry, Abelyn.I didn't mean to do it.I'll buy a new one for you; Jessica apologized.She did it on purpose!How dare she use such a dirty trick against me! 
"If you have to, you can use my phone to call him back!" 
Jessica took out her phone and handed it over to Abelyn. 
Nonetheless, Jessica knew very well that Abelyn wouldn't take it because she was guilty!
"Hello? Ms.Chipman! Ms.Chipman!" 
The man screamed over the phone, his mind was all over the place. 
"Let go of me, you bunch of bad guys!" 
Meanwhile, Joan looked exhausted but kept resisting in the car. 
What a troublesome woman! The man turned around and glared at Joan as though he wanted to kill her. 
if Abelyn didn't make the specific instruction, I would have killed you already! This b*tch! We fet you live for an extra day, yet you don't cherish it! Slap! Joan's face turned red once the man slapped her. 
"Joan Watts, stop making noise, or else I'll kill you right now!" 
"Who sent you!" 
Joan kept yelling. 
She was unperturbed by the threat, for her death was only a matter of time. 
"It's alright.I can bring it to a shop to repair it." 
With that, Abelyn wanted to grab her phone back from Jessica. 
"No worries.Since your phone is broken because of me, I'm supposed to repair it for you" 
Jessica dodged Abelyn and turned around swiftly. 
Jessica did it on purpose! Finally, Abelyn couldn't hold in her emotions and yelled, "I said, I don't need it!"
She hated it the most when someone tried to test her. 
Meanwhile, Jessica felt that Abelyn's aggressive reaction cleared her own doubt. 
Why would Abelyn lose her temper if she isn't guilty of something?It looks like she is keeping a lot of secrets from us.I'm afraid that even Dustin doesn't know what she's doing behind our back. 
"As I said earlier, I have to bear the responsibility for my mistake. 
Slap! As Jessica was speaking, Abelyn grabbed the chance to snatch her phone back all of a sudden and threw it into the dustbin nearby. 
I don't mind throwing the phone away but can never fet it fall into Larry's hands! Jessica was stunned and dejected upon seeing Abelyn's reaction. 
it's clear now that Larry's suspicion against her is true! She couldn't help but retreat a few steps, feeling disappointed. 
Why is she the mastermind? Why must she be so cruel toward Joan? Jessica looked at her in confusion and sorrow. 
"What's going on?" 
Suddenly, Nancy arrived and came up to them. 
"Nothing" 
Jessica answered right after she recollected herself. 
On the other hand, Abelyn was at a loss, for she thought Jessica would tell Nancy everything.
Nonetheless, Jessica was kind-hearted. 
She wouldn't reveal anything that Larry told her to anyone before it became crystal clear. 
"Why are you here? Do you feel better now?" Jessica asked softly and patted Nancy's shoulder. 
"Yes, I feel better now. Have you found Joan?"
###Chapter 2945
"Not yet." 
Jessica shook her head in response and glanced at Abelyn deliberately. 
"Larry, do you think something would happen to Joan? I'm really scared." Nancy's voice trembled as she spoke. 
"This is really a difficult question.Abelyn, what do you think? Will Joan return safely?" 
Larry turned around and provoked Abelyn on purpose. 
Abelyn immediately looked away and lowered her gaze. 
Then, she closed her eyes and massaged her temples, ignoring his question. 
Nancy couldn't help but feel curious upon seeing their reactions. 
Did they quarrel with one another just now? She gazed at Jessica, hoping that she could get an answer. 
"We're good.Let's go and find Joan!" 
Once Jessica finished, she grabbed Nancy's hand and left. 
Larry questioned Abelyn when Jessica was present, for he knew that Jessica was trustworthy. 
However, at least for now, Larry didn’t wish to reveal it to Nancy because she often acted on impulse. 
"Alright, no one is here now except for both of us.Can you tell me the truth now? Why did you abduct Joan?"
Larry questioned her straightforwardly. 
Well, it's definitely because she wishes to save herself by sacrificing me! Meanwhile, Abelyn tugged on the corner of her clothes as her face darkened. 
i can't waste the opportunity to finish off that b*tch! After glancing at Larry for a while, she left without saying a word. 
What can he do to me if I don't talk? I don't believe he'll follow me anyway. 
Larry shook his head as he watched her left, and a cold glint flashed across his eyes. 
I gave you the chance to come clean, yet you didn't cherish it. 
In that case, don't you blame me for what happens next! Miles away, Joan said, "I want to go to the washroom!" 
Everyone around her fell silent instantly. 
Women are nothing but trouble. 
After a while, the man gazed at Joan and said cautiously, "Find a hotel" 
Since they had been driving for a day, they were already exhausted and had to get a place to rest. 
Finally, the car came to a stop. 
"Let's go!" 
A few men pushed Joan into a ladies’ room.She felt dispirited after looking around, for she realized that there was no way to escape from here.
"Come out now! Otherwise, we'll barge in!" 
One of them yelled from outside. 
In less than five minutes, Joan left the ladies’ room as she had no other options.How can I do to leave some traces to Larry? Joan touched her chin and was deep in thought. 
"That's enough.Don't come up with some tricks! You won't be able to leave any trace no matter how hard you try to think of it!" 
The man said coldly, "After all, we're experienced and wouldn't let you enter a washroom where you can escape." 
So, they are fully prepared for all circumstances! How despicable!Why would they have the cheek to gang up on a weak lady! They're a huge disgrace to all men! "Our sponsor said that you have to die tomorrow, or else I would have killed you already" one of them puffed out a cloud of smoke and said playfully. 
Who exactly is the sponsor behind them? Joan knitted her brows as she was deep in thought. 
This is weird. 
Could it be Della? Why does she want to act so soon? 
"Is your sponsor a woman?" Joan asked. 
The man was stunned for a while but recollected himself soon. 
Then, he said smilingly, "You don't have to know who our sponsor is.No matter what.you'll be dead!" 
Unfortunately, I haven't had time to confess my feelings for Larry.
Joan said politely, "Before I die, I wish to ask a favor from you.I wonder if you can fulfill my dying wish?" 
"What dying wish do you have? Forget it, don't trouble us!" he answered directly and waved his hands as a gesture to dismiss her request. 
He didn't care if someone who was about to die desired something.
###Chapter 2946
"I hope you guys can help relay a message to Larry: from then till now, I have always loved him; Joan said passionately and sincerely, so much so that a few young ones among them were touched.All humans would inevitably die.Why does she have to be afraid? Nonetheless, the men couldn't help but shiver at the mention of Larry's name. 
"Boss, she is Larry's girlfriend.He wouldn't let us off the hook once he finds out that we did this" one of them suggested timidly. 
Their boss was stunned the moment he heard it. 
A few seconds later, he caressed his beard and began to ponder over it. 
Miles away, Larry felt increasingly uneasy. 
Why can't we find her even after we've assigned some many men for the search? 
"Larry, My left eye was twitching" Jessica said softly while grabbing onto his arm tightly. 
Jessica was nervous, she felt that it was a bad omen. 
Could it be that something bad had happened to Joan? On the other hand, Larry stood aside and didn't utter a word.He looked extremely worn out. 
Bang! Miles away, two cars suddenly collided. 
Fortunately, it was only a minor accident. 
"Is that how you drive? Are you blind?"
The driver yelled disgruntledly. 
"I'm sorry, it was my mistake.Rest assured that I'll compensate you." 
When a man replied outside their car, Joan felt that the voice sounded familiar. 
Joan tilted her head as she sank into her thoughts. 
The next moment, a thought flashed through her mind. 
"Johann! I'm Joan!" Joan shouted in the car. 
"Never mind.Make way!" 
The driver waved at Johann and hopped in.He then asked the others to cover Joan's mouth. 
Judging from Johanr's bare expression, they felt relieved and immediately sped off. 
Actually, Johann had recognized Joan's voice the moment he heard her scream. 
Also, given that the man in front of Johann kept his guard up, he was certain that they abducted Joan! Johann kept calm and didn't react to it. 
Instead, he frowned and pondered over it. 
Since I'm alone now, I can never beat them! I must get reinforcement! 
"What did you say? Have you really found Joan? Is that true? Where is she?" Jessica asked impatiently. 
"I'm following them now, but please assign a few more men to come.They're cunning, and I reckon they're about to suspect that I'm following them," Johann said softly while driving.
"Larry, we have some news!" Jessica yelled excitedly. 
As soon as Larry heard it, he drove to the place based on the location given by Johann. 
Joan, hang in there! Larry gnashed his teeth, feeling nervous. 
"Boss, the car that hit ours is trailing us behind!" 
One of the young men cautioned. 
Well, well, this lad must have a death wish! 
"Pull over somewhere with no one around, and we'll deal with him!" 
Meanwhile, Joan, who was struggling to break free, was shocked to hear it.However, she couldn't utter a word as her mouth was stuffed with a cloth. 
This bunch of jerks! Isn't it enough to kill me? Why must they gang up against Johann? Soon, their car pulled over in a park. 
They believed they would have the upper hand against Johann due to the complex terrain here. 
"Get down!" 
One of them came up to Johann's car and knocked on his window ferociously. 
On the other hand, Johann wasn't shocked, for he saw it coming and had sent the location to Jessica. 
Jessica, I hope you won't disappoint me! Unperturbed, Johann smoothed out his shirt and came out of the car slowly. 
Acting oblivious to the situation, he asked, "What's wrong?"
###Chapter 2947
Pow! Johann collapsed as the man hit him. 
After wiping away the blood from the corner of his lips, he suddenly looked cold. 
"Why are you following us? You might not know who we are but you definitely can tell that we are not to be trifled with.A few seconds later, the man threw a kick at Johann and sent him flying.Johann didn't practice self-defense or judo before because he was committed to developing his career for many years. 
As such, he was diffident when facing the thugs. 
After a while, Johann covered his stomach and stood up slowly. 
However, he fell to the ground again once the man kicked him. 
Meanwhile, Joan was heartbroken upon seeing this. 
Thud! Joan kicked the man next to her with all her might. 
Then, she hopped out and shook her head toward Johann. 
Johann looked up, smiled at her, and said nothing. 
I'll live in shame if I can't even protect the woman I love! Soon, a few cars came to sight. 
What's going on? Some of their faces darkened the moment they recognized the man in the car. 
"Boss, it's Larry!" They panicked right away.
Who doesn't know Larry? When they abducted Joan, their sponsor promised that Larry wouldn't be aware of it. 
Now that Larry showed up, they felt that they were in huge trouble. 
Damn it! We shouldn't have trusted the woman in the first place! 
"Run!" 
As soon as they wanted to leave, Larry's men encircled them completely. 
"Don't come near us, or I'll kill her!" 
Suddenly, their boss pulled Joan closer and held her throat. 
"Joan; Larry said softly to her, who stood not far from him. 
"How are you? Are you alright?" 
Jessica helped Johann up and wiped away the blood at the corner of his lips. 
"Let us go! Fast!" their leaders shouted. 
Dream on! While Jessica looked furious, Larry was a little hesitant. 
Joan would be in danger if he let them go; nonetheless, they were threatening him with Joan's life now. 
The atmosphere was tense, and everyone on both sides was at a loss. 
"Release her, and I promise I'll let you off the hook," Larry said determinedly. 
"Larry!" Caspian yelled.
How could we know who the mastermind is if we don't question them?" 
"Larry, do you think I'm a three-year-old kid? Will you still let me go after I release her? I'm not an idiot! Make way and let us leave with her! Otherwise, we'll do down with her together!" 
Larry was frightened upon hearing it. 
I can never lose Joan! 
"Alright, you can leave!" 
With that, Larry waved his hand at his men. 
"Larry!" Caspian sounded dissatisfied. 
"Let them go!" 
Larry ordered furiously. 
In the end, they stood aside and made way for the thugs to speed off with Joan in the car. 
Larry felt his head throbbing as he watched the car leave. 
Meanwhile, Johann came up to him and bellowed, "Why did you let them go? Joan is still in their hands now!" 
Larry lifted his head and took a deep breath to calm himself down. 
A few seconds later, he turned around to gaze at Caspian and said seriously, "I want you to chase after them! Assign different men at different spots to follow them wherever they go.They will discover it if only a man follows them"
Indeed, the older, the wiser! Caspian nodded in response and left immediately. 
"Jessica, bring him to the hospital.Also, thank you so much for your help." 
Larry expressed his gratitude to Johann. 
As expected, the thugs who abducted Joan didn't realize that they were being followed. 
"Larry, their car stopped at the entrance of a hotel" Caspian reported.
###Chapter 2948
"Good.Keep following them and find out which room they are in.Also, tell the receptionists that you act based on my instruction if they aren't cooperative." 
Larry hung up once he instructed Caspian. 
After Caspian confirmed their rooms, Larry immediately departed to the hotel. 
"Boss, I don't think Larry will give up so easily.Do you think he's playing some tricks?" 
A young man whispered near his boss's ear.His boss lit up a cigarette and began smoking calmly. 
No doubt, Larry will definitely find ways to track Joan! At this time, a shiver ran through his spine. 
After hesitating for a while, he decided to make a phone call. 
"Why are you that nervous? They haven't found you, have they?" Abelyn said composedly over the phone. 
"Ms.Chipman, do you think I'm an idiot? Since Joan is the woman whom Larry loves, will he let us off the hook? You promised us that Larry would never be aware of it, yet it turned out differently! What should we do now?" he said disgruntledly. 
What a bunch of losers! After things turn out to be different, he doesn't figure out a way to solve it but only complains to me!l must be blind to have hired this bunch of talkative losers to abduct Joan. 
Abelyn clenched her fists and let out a frosty glare. 
"Ms.Chipman, this is beyond what we can do.We'll stop doing it, and you don't have to pay us.All we want is to stay alive!"
With that, he hung up the phone. 
"Wait!" 
Abelyn suddenly yelled and added, "Kill Joan today! You don't have to wait till tomorrow, for I've decided to..." 
Kill Joan?it's easier said than done!Since Larry had found out that Joan is in our hands, he won't let us off the hook if she dies!We can't risk our lives for it! He hung up the phone before Abelyn could finish. 
Given the gravity of the situation, he decided not to follow Abelyn's instructions blindly. 
"Boss, should we kill the woman?" a young thug asked him. 
"Brothers, we've to run; he replied seriously. 
"I'm sorry this time.However, we cant afford to mess with Larry.Alas, we shouldn't have accepted the job in the first place.If you believe me..." He said while holding the young thug’s arm. 
Meanwhile, Joan could hear the conversation between them as she wasn't far away. 
"Ms.Chipman is unreliable..." 
Ms.Chipman? Is Ms.Chipman their so-called sponsor? Joan kept her guard up upon hearing it. 
Among all of my friends, only Abelyn has the surname Chipman! Could it be that Abelyn is the mastermind behind everything?impossible! Abelyn and ! are good friends. 
Why would she do something detrimental to me?! must be overthinking it! "Ms. 
Watts, we apologize for everything and beg you to speak well of us to Mr.Norton.
We don't want to carry cn with this mission, for we only wish to survive, one of them pled earnestly. 
Judging from their sincerity, Joan couldn't help but feel a little touched. 
Are they going to escape? 
"Let's move and escape through windows!" 
With that, they ran toward the window. 
They knew very well that Larry's men were definitely monitoring everything outside the room. 
Joan didn't make any noise as they were about to leave. 
She understood that they only abducted her under orders. 
However, there was a question which she wished to get to the bottom of it. 
"Hey, who instructed you to abduct me?" 
The leader of the thugs, who had climbed over the window, hesitated. 
In the end, he didn't reveal Abelyn's name to Joan. 
Given that the mission was aborted, they had to keep it a secret to save themselves.
###Chapter 2949
He was worried that Abelyn would send her men after him as soon as he uttered those two words. 
However, little did he know, Abelyn had already sent a unit after him. 
"Larry, do you want us to subdue them?" Caspian asked Larry at the hotel entrance. 
"There's no need!" Larry answered tersely as he had full faith in Joan and her decision. 
Not to mention, he was adamant that those men wouldn't dare to obfuscate the current situation anyway. 
"Joan, are you okay?" Jessica rushed into the room and gave Joan a tight embrace. 
"Tell Larry to spare those people; Joan instructed as she pushed Jessica off.What's happening? Shouldn't she be afraid?Shouldn't she be terrified?Why would she care about the people who abducted her? Jessica was rather perplexed by Joan's behavior. 
Don’t tell me she hit her head during the abduction. 
"Joan, are you really okay? Did they hurt you? Don't worry, Larry will punish them for what they did to you." Jessica held tightly onto Joan's arm. 
What?Didn't she hear what I said earlier? 
"Don't worry.I didn't send my men after them; Larry assured her as he entered the room.Upon hearing his statement, the vise that had been gripping Joan's chest finally loosened a little. 
"Are you okay?"
Larry walked up to Joan and caressed her face. 
Seeing as such, Caspian quickly dragged Jessica out of the room with him to give Larry and Joan some space. 
"Did you know how flurried I was when I heard that you were abducted?" Larry embraced Joan. 
He was relieved to see that Joan was fine. 
Touched by his words, Joan thought of officially entering a relationship with Larry in the spur of the moment.It's time for me to face both him and myself truthfully. 
"Joan!" 
Suddenly, Abelyn dashed into the room. 
"Why are you here?" 
Larry deliberately queried as he was glaring at Abelyn. 
No one to/d her that Joan would be here. 
My plan was also not mentioned to her. 
And yet, she knew exactly where Joan was. 
There's something fishy going on here! She must be dying to know if Joan was dead or not. 
"I...I came here to visit Joan.I'm worried about her" 
Abelyn stuttered a bit as she said that.
Feeling the awkwardness in the air, Joan let go of Larry's hand and walked toward Abelyn before uttering, "Abelyn is just worried about me.Why are you acting so grim?" 
Worried?For what?Worried that Joan wasn't dead?0r was she worried that her men was caught? Larry gave Abelyn a minatory look. 
Gazing at Abelyn's eyes, Joan was disappointed as she recalled the men who abducted mentioned something about a woman called Ms.Chipman. 
That being said, she couldn't fathom why Abelyn would want to hurt her. 
After chatting for a while, they all went outside. 
"What did you say? Joan was abducted?" Jake yelled out incredulously in his office. 
He was surprised to hear such big news right after he came back. 
"Did you find the person who did it?" Jake immediately queried. 
Since he had a crush on Joan before, he naturally didn't want to see her get hurt. 
"No, I heard they ran away; answered Ted, with his head lowered.Huh? Larry let them run away just like that?The Larry I know wouldn't have done this!Maybe Della’s the one behind this? Without a second thought, Jake took his jacket and head out of the office. 
At the restaurant, Jake was sitting on the sofa in the corner while sipping on his coffee. 
He seemed rather relaxed and nonchalant. 
After a while, Della came to his seat.
"Did you ask for me?" Della sat down with a contemptuous look on her face.
###Chapter 2950
"Were you the one behind Joan's abduction?" Jake directly asked her. 
Since Della knew beforehand that Jake would ask her about Joan, she was mentally prepared for his question. 
"No!" She answered confidently. 
Although I may have spurred Abelyn into hurting Joan, I'm not the one who actually hurt Joan. 
Why should I take the blame? Jake stared intently at Della. 
if it wasn't her then who else would do such a thing? Or is she lying to me? However, it really doesn't seem like she's lying. 
"Della, we're on the same boat here.You don't have to be mendacious with me” Jake replied. 
This son of a b*tch! How dare he put me on the same boat as him! Peeved, Della let out a snort. 
"Like I said just now, it wasn't me who did it.Why are you pinning the blame on me?" Della responded. 
It was the first time Jake saw Della being so serious and obstinate. 
It looks like there's more to this than I thought. 
Jake glanced vacuously outside the window as he fell into his thoughts. 
"Sometimes, people aren't what they seem to be.Don't simply judge a book by its cover." Having said that, Della took her purse on the sofa and left. 
After hearing Della's statement, Jake was a bit baffled.
That being said, since he was ten times smarter than an average joe, it didn't take him long to figure out the meaning behind Della's words. 
It looks like there's a despicable person hiding among Joan's circle. 
I hope she'll be okay.Knowing her, she probably won't be wary enough of those close to her, which is a bit concerning... 
Larry, after staying by her side for so long, you still couldn't manage to protect her! Jake gazed out the window with his cold and lifeless eyes. 
Having finally found Joan, Larry was reluctant to leave her side as he was still worried about her. 
"Larry, are you not going to work?" 
Joan murmured while sitting on the couch in the living room. 
"No, I'm not going." 
Larry held even tighter onto her waist. 
Joan was miffed as she didn't want to see Larry neglect his work because of her. 
"Larry, you should head to work.Or else I'll move out of your house." 
Joan was fraught with guilt. 
Larry was stupefied for a while before letting out a smile. 
"Don't worry, I can just work from home." 
Larry pointed at his note book on the table.
Since he was the president of Norton Corporation, he could work wherever and whenever he liked. 
Not to mention, with his capabilities, he would get the job done no matter where he was. 
Joan let out a faint smile and held tightly onto Larry's arm. 
Feeling the warmth of his body temperature, Joan could finally relax. 
Maybe I've fallen head over heels for him. 
After closing her eyes, Joan felt a sense of loneliness slowly eating away at her. 
"Joan, you should refrain from contacting Abelyn in the future, okay?" 
Larry whispered while stroking her hair. 
Joan immediately opened her eyes and glanced at him with a concerned expression on her face. 
How should I answer this question?Should I tell him what happened in the hotel room? She was rather bewildered. 
Although she was impatient to know the truth, she was afraid that the truth would hurt her. 
"What's wrong? Are you feeling unwell?" 
Larry cupped her face in his hands. 
"No, I'm fine." 
Joan looked flustered as she shook her head.
###Chapter 2951
"Oh my! Acting lovey-dovey again, I see!" 
Jessica barged in out of nowhere. 
This woman always comes without prior notice. 
Larry glanced at her with disdain in his eyes. 
"Larry, why are you acting like this? Now that you have a wife, you don't want your little sister anymore.Is that it?" Jessica pouted. 
"Of course I want my little sister.Who would want to upset their own sister?" 
Joan suddenly stood up and pulled Jessica over to her. 
Since Joan had amnesia, she couldn't recall much about the past anymore. 
However, having spent such a long time with Jessica, she felt like she had a good understanding of Jessica's character. 
In her head, Jessica's only foible was that she could be a bit mischievous sometimes. 
"Joan, did you miss me?" 
Jessica kissed Joan on the cheek. 
Meanwhile, Larry, who was watching on the side, had a grumpy look on his face.What's with girls kissing each other? I don't get it. 
Not to mention, Joan is my woman.
No one should be allowed to touch her except for me.Not even my own sister. 
Larry sighed before uttering, "What are you doing? If you want to kiss someone, go and kiss Caspian.You're being a nuisance to Joan." 
Larry hurriedly pulled Joan over to his side. 
Pfft! This man is so irascible!You don't want me to kiss her? I’ll do it anyway! Jessica took a big step toward Joan. 
"Larry, make sure you pay close attention!" 
Having finished her sentence, Jessica embraced Joan and kissed her on the cheek again. 
Has this woman gone gonzo?0r has she turned bisexual? Larry glared at Jessica with a confused expression on his face. 
Knowing that Jessica was merely joking around, Joan smiled and remained taciturn. 
Larry was irritated by the sight of them being so close with each other.He then got up and left the room. 
"Hello? Caspian, you should make sure Jessica behaves!" 
Larry sounded furious over the phone. 
What?Jessica is outside right now? Startled, Caspian stood up from his couch. 
This stupid woman! She's causing trouble again!The worst part is, she ran into Larry! Ding ding ding! The phone on the table rang incessantly. 
"Where are you? Get back here right now!" Caspian's voice was fierce and loud.
What's the matter with him? Why is he being so mean to me? Aggrieved, Jessica curled her lips. 
I didn't do anything wrong. 
"Why should I go back? You don't even spend time with me." Jessica murmured. 
So?Did you decide to find other men to spend time with you?What is she thinking! 
"Jessica, get back here this instant!" Caspian was livid. 
Larry must've told him something bad about me! After a laconic exchange of words, Joan and Jessica parted ways with each other. 
Seeing Jessica walking further and further away, Larry let out a mischievous grin.But of course, it was just a joke to mess with his sister. 
Trifling jokes like this were the thing that consolidated their relationship as brother and sister after all. 
As the days passed on, Abelyn's secret was still not exposed. 
The people who ran away weren't caught as they were smart enough to flee to other countries. 
Although Jake looked apathetic and calm on the surface, he was actually very worried about Joan and was furtively investigating her abduction incident. 
Meanwhile, Della had become quite the honest person. 
To Larry's surprise, Della didn't attempt to hurt Joan this time around. 
"Larry, what do you think Ms.Duff is up to these days?" Caspian asked Larry in the office.
Right, what is she doing now?Don't tell me she's setting up another trap? Larry had a distressed look on his face. 
Della has been too quiet over the past few days.She must be plotting something...
###Chapter 2952
"Caspian, make sure you protect Joan.I don't want her to get hurt anymore” Larry instructed with gravitas. 
Caspian agreed to comply. 
"What's wrong? Did the plan fail?" 
In the café, Della was stirring her cup of coffee.She was gazing scornfully at the woman in front of her. 
So what? I still have many opportunities in the future. 
Chagrined, Abelyn was reticent.She then took a sip of her coffee. 
Della must be laughing at me now. 
Hmph, laugh all you want.I couldn't care less! 
"It's none of your business" Abelyn replied coldly. 
Oh my, when did she become this grumpy?!Is it because of Joan? Della sneered, "Do you need my help?" 
What can she possibly help me with?If she really wants to help me, she shouldn't have called me out here today!Not to mention, I don't want to get involved with her any more than ! should!Also, if Larry somehow finds out, he'll be even more cautious toward me. 
When that happens, it'll be way harder for me to make a move on Joan.
"No, Abelyn answered directly.Aw, that's too bad!Does she really think that can deal with Joan by herself?What a joke! "Abelyn, I'm going to give it to you straight.You can't deal with Joan on your own.How about you team up with me?’’ Della suggested. 
However, Abelyn had no intention of teaming up with her. 
Della is cunning and crafty.She might betray me halfway through the plan and rat me out to Larry.I must be prudent about this. 
"Sorry, I'm used to working alone.I don’t like collaborating with others”, Abely responded. 
She really doesn't want to work with me huh? Della stared menacingly at Abelyn. 
This dumb b*tch! Why is she so stubborn! 
"If there's nothing important to talk to me about, we should abstain from meeting each other again." 
After finishing her sentence, Abelyn stood up and was getting ready to leave. 
Does she wish to end our relationship?Abelyn, are you out of your goddamn mind?if it wasn't for me, you wouldn't be sitting comfortably here now! This is absurd!Ultimately, you're afraid of getting blackmailed by others, aren't you? Such a shame! Whatever you were trying to hide, I already knew it in the first place. 
"Are you not afraid that I'll tell Larry about your involvement in Joan's abduction?" Della intentionally queried. 
That being said, Abelyn seemed unperturbed by her question. 
"Ms.Duff, enough with the nonsense.If you really think that I was the one who abducted Joan, then show me the evidence."
Abelyn was right. 
Della didn't have any proof of Abelyn being the abductor. 
However, she was obstinate that Abelyn was the one who did it. 
Who else would do such a cruel thing to Joan except for her? I can't believe that she's still trying to feign innocence!This woman is way too deceitful!Don't you worry, Abelyn. 
One of these days, I'll have you wrapped around my finger! Since the conversation between them didn't go too well, the two of them left soon after. 
"Eh? Isn't that Abelyn?" 
Nancy asked Jory while pointing at a woman in front of them. 
"It is her’ Jory was quick to respond. 
After Abelyn had gotten in the car, Della was seen walking out of the café. 
"Why is Della here too?" 
Nancy was thinking out loud. 
Strange... 
Did they have a meeting just now?I thought they were enemies though. 
Seeing Abelyn and Della together, Jory was flooded with questions. 
Without pondering too much about it, he grabbed hold of Nancy's hand and quickly left.
"That's enough, we should head home now.The kid is waiting for us." 
Having heard the word "kid", Nancy immediately turned around and got in the car. 
Ever since Joan had moved into Larry's villa, she seldom went back to her house that was first recommended to her by Jessica. 
Clara, her neighbor, as well as Johann, were feeling down because of this.
###Chapter 2953
Both of them were clueless about the fact that Larry was Joan's ex-husband. 
"Joan, I miss you so much.When are you going to come back? Without you here, I have nobody to chat with" Clara whimpered. 
"Mrs.Wright, Joan isn't coming back anymore; Larry responded. 
"Come on, don't be like that.In any case, you should come and visit a poor old woman like me whenever you can; Clara hurriedly replied. 
"Okay Mrs.Wright, I'll visit you tomorrow” promised Joan. 
Joan chatted with Clara for a while longer before hanging up the phone. 
Larry, who was sitting on the couch, was gazing at her with discontent. 
Realizing that he was furious, Joan dashed over to him and sat down beside him. 
While smiling, she clung onto his arm and gave him a kiss on the cheek. 
"I'm just going to pay Mrs.Wright a visit.Don't worry, it won't take too long.I'll make sure to take good care of myself? she murmured. 
"How about here?" 
Larry pointed at his lips, teasing her. 
"Nope.A kiss on the cheek is all you get." 
Joan got up and tried to run away as she was saying that.
However, with a gentle pull, Larry was able to return her into his arms.He then proceeded to give her a fervent kiss on the lips. 
The taste and softness of Joan's lips were just as he remembered. 
As he was kissing her, he subconsciously started sliding his hand into her clothes. 
The atmosphere of the room suddenly changed. 
Aroused, Joan was also getting really into it. 
A while later, the two of them were panting heavily into each other's ear... 
"I take it you'll let me go, ya?" Joan queried. 
"Okay.However, you must let Caspian drive you there." 
Larry placed her head on his chest. 
Truth be told, Larry was still very worried about Joan as he knew that there were other people who wanted to hurt her beside Della. 
What if there are enemies who have hidden themselves among Joan's circle? Joan nodded silently in response. 
As expected, Caspian drove Joan over to Clara's villa the following day. 
"You're finally here, my dear.I've missed you so, so much." 
Clara grabbed Joan's hands. 
"How are you? Are you hurt? Is your body okay?"
Worried, Clara was bombarding her with questions. 
Joan was touched by Clara's concern for her.She's so caring toward me even though we've only met like two months ago. 
So there are still some good people left in this cruel and callous world! Joan let out a cheerful smile before answering, "Don't worry, Mrs.Wright.As you can see, I'm doing fine." 
She spun around in front of Clara to indicate that she was doing well.There isn't any wounds. 
That's good to know. 
"Enough about me.How are you, Mrs.Wright? Is your body okay?" 
Joan helped Clara to the living room as she was saying that. 
After hearing Joan's words, Clara seemed rather distressed.I'm not okay! Everything has gone awry ever since I heard that you were Larry's current girlfriend. 
What about my son? I thought you guys were getting along nicely... 
Seeing Clara's depressed look on her face, Joan frowned. 
What happened to her?Why is she suddenly so sad? 
"Mrs.Wright, did something bad happen to you?" she asked. 
"Yes.My future daughter-in-law is no more" 
Clara shrugged her shoulders. 
Joan was quick to get the meaning behind Clara's words.
Love should be a mutual feeling. 
We can't force it!Larry and I are together because we share the same feeling with each other. 
Back when I lost my memory, Larry didn't force me to love him even though I was his ex-wife. 
He knew that he can't force his love on others. 
After some time, I fell in love with him naturally and we decided to be together!
###Chapter 2954
This is the true essence of love. 
We respect and depend on each other. 
With that said, Larry is the only one for me! "Mrs.Wright, rest assured that Johann would unequivocally find a better woman than me; uttered Joan. 
She couldn't compel herself to love another man. 
Larry is the only one for me. 
"Joan, can you take some time to reconsider? My son's conditions aren't bad either. 
He has everything that Larry can offer. 
Plus, he’s a stalwart person and he loves you very much? Clara replied. 
I can't deny the fact that he’s an outstanding man. 
That being said, I still can't bring myself to love him. 
Maybe it's because I met Larry first. 
Everything that Larry has done for me is engraved deeply in my heart. 
"Mrs.Wright, I think that’s enough for this topic, okay? That's not why I'm here.I came here today solely to see how you were doing." 
Joan tried to change the topic.
It looks like she has made up her mind. 
I don't there's any chance for Johann anymore. 
Oh, my poor boy. 
Just when you finally found a woman you liked, she's then immediately taken away from you... 
"Larry, aren't you afraid?!" 
Shocked, Jessica yelled out loud in the office. 
What's the big deal? Since Larry believed that Joan would not betray him, he was sure that there was nothing special going on between Joan and Johann. 
"What if Johann decides to steal her from you?" Jessica queried. 
If he dares to do so, then I'll make sure he regrets it! 
"Honestly, Johann looks pretty suave.His achievements are quite remarkable too.Not to mention, he's also from a prominent family" Jessica tried to provoke Larry. 
This silly woman! She's been beguiled by him! Larry was infuriated. 
His looks pales in comparison to mine!She must be blind to compliment him like this! 
"Okay, that's enough blabbering! You should go now.I have work to do.Stop being a nudnik to me!" Larry retorted. 
Aw, someone's getting jealous.
Jessica glanced at Larry with a smirk before uttering, "I'm simply stating the truth.He is indeed good- looking." 
Larry gave Jessica an ominous look before continuing on with his work. 
However, he was still enraged by Jessica's statement earlier. 
Surely Joan doesn't think he's good looking, right?There's no way she would fall for his deceitful looks. 
But just in case, I should do something about this! Larry decided to call Joan in the end. 
"It's getting late.You should come back as soon as possible" 
Larry uttered over the phone. 
Huh?What is he on about? It's still quite early. 
Don't tell me he's drunk again. 
Joan was rather confused. 
"Joan, you should eat with us." 
The sound of a man's voice was heard by Larry. 
It's Johann's voice! 
"Larry, I'm going to eat with Mrs.Wright.I'll head home after I've finished eating." 
Having finished her sentence, Joan immediately hung up the phone. 
Larry was getting riled up.
That son of a b*tch! He's not even trying to hide it! Calm down. 
She's just having a meal with Mrs.Wright.I'm overreacting. 
Larry managed to keep his composure. 
"Here, Joan.This dish is made by Johann.Have a taste." 
Clara offered Joan some baked ribs.
###Chapter 2955
"How does it taste? Good?" 
Johann asked expectantly as he fixed his gaze on the woman in front. 
Wow, Johann has such superb culinary skills! Joan nodded. 
With a satisfied expression on her face, she gave him a thumbs-up. 
"Johann, you're really talented, I can't tell that you're such a great cook!" 
Joan complimented the man with a glint of delight in her eyes.She had always envied men who could cook well. 
However, she had simply forgotten that Larry was also a great cook. 
"You should eat more if you like it Clara said smilingly.It wasn't easy for her to see Joan.The elderly woman felt a tinge of sadness as she wondered when she would get to meet the girl next.Actually, as long as Joan wished to, she could visit anytime as she still owned the house next door.However, out of concern for her safety, Larry did not allow her to go out very often. 
It's already so late. 
Why isn't she back yet? Larry stared at his phone anxiously. 
Should I give her a call to check?But if I do that, wouldn't I seem too petty? The man was caught in a dilemma as he wondered what he should do. 
"That's enough.Stop being so troubled! I'll call her for you"
Jessica said while picking up her phone and dialing Joan's number. 
Larry let out a satisfied smile, feeling happy that Jessica knew him so well.it seems like I didn't treat her well for nothing! 
"OK, got it.What time will you be back then?" Jessica asked softly. 
"Hmm, I'm not sure yet.Maybe one hour later?" Joan replied over the phone. 
One hour? Larry took a deep breath to calm himself down. 
That woman has already been out for almost half a day! It would be 10 p.m. one hour later. 
Larry could not stop worrying that she would meet with danger going home alone at such an hour.That won't do.I'm going to pick her up! 
"Sure.Don't worry and keep Mrs.Wright company a little longer." 
After saying that, Jessica ended the call. 
Knowing that Larry badly wanted to pick Joan up right away and would not be able to control himself, Jessica grabbed his arm to stop him from doing that. 
"Don't go.Mrs.Wright misses her a lot and just wants to catch up with her for a while more" 
Jessica quickly explained. 
Larry gazed at the pitch-black sky outside and was not able to conceal the worry in his eyes. 
Why does that old lady have so much to say!What are they talking about? Why is it taking so long! Larry sat down on the sofa, looking extremely displeased.
"Larry, you should stop worrying.Anyway, there's no use even if you continue to worry.Joan would still stay and accompany Mrs.Wright.That old lady only has a son and doesn't have any daughters.I'm sure she treats Joan like her own daughter." 
Actually, Jessica had almost said that Clara treated Joan like her daughter-in-law. 
However, not wanting to infuriate Larry any further, she changed her mind in the nick of time. 
"OK, fine” Larry answered while he shot a glance at Jessica. 
What's wrong with this man lately? It seemed to Jessica that Larry was especially clingy to Joan recently. 
He would start inquiring about her whereabouts the minute she stepped away. 
However, Larry was just afraid that something bad would happen to Joan. 
After all, she had been hurt multiple times because of him and he felt extremely guilty over that. 
He was upset with himself for not being able to protect and take care of Joan. 
He was also frustrated with himself for losing her so many times. 
"Joan, what's the matter? Are you feeling uncomfortable?" 
Clara patted Joan's arm lightly while asking worriedly. 
"Oh, I'm just feeling a little dizzy.Mrs.Wright, I think I'm drunk; Joan replied softly and seemed a little disoriented.The three of them had indeed drunk some red wine during dinner, but Johann and his mother never expected that Joan's alcohol tolerance was so low.
In fact, she had only drunk two glasses of wine and was already drunk. 
Johann couldn't help but smile as he observed the woman's goofy mannerisms. 
An unfamiliar emotion seemed to have stirred up in his heart. 
What an adorable woman. 
It's such a pity that she's already attached.
###Chapter 2956 
"Johann, why don't you send Joan home? She's drunk” Clara suggested. 
"Mom, don't you remember that I drank too? How can you ask me to send her back?" Johann refused. 
If that was the case, the only option was for Joan to stay the night. 
After the decision was made, Clara texted Larry using Joan's phone.It was just a simple message to inform Larry that Joan would not be going home that night. 
Just then, Larry's phone buzzed with Joan's message. 
What's going on?She's not coming back?She's staying over at Johann's place? Instantly, Larry felt a flash of irritation.He knew that Johann must have harbored ulterior motives! Indeed! Without any hesitation, Larry called Joan. 
However, the woman's phone had run out of battery and was turned off. 
What now? Larry tossed his phone on the sofa angrily. 
As expected, Joan did not return home the entire night. 
Yawn! Joan stretched lazily in the bed when she woke up. 
She scanned her surroundings as she slowly opened her eyes. 
What's going on?This isn't Larry's villa! The woman bolted up at once and studied her surroundings carefully. 
"AHHH!"
Joan suddenly shrieked.She had just realized that she was wearing a set of pajamas that was not hers. 
"What's wrong? What happened?" 
Clara dashed into the room at once. 
"Mrs.Wright? Why are you here?" Joan asked in shock as she blinked at the elderly woman in confusion. 
Why is Mrs.Wright here early in the morning? Oh dear! She must have had a blackout from drinking. 
She doesn't even remember that she did not go home last night. 
Clara thought to herself and smiled at Joan affectionately. 
"What happened?" 
Johann rushed into the room as well and asked anxiously. 
Joan was finally able to recall that she was drunk the night before. 
Looking at the two people in front of her, the woman scratched the back of her head and let out an awkward smile. 
Oh no! I'm really doomed this time!Larry will kill me if he knows about this! Joan got changed immediately and left Clara's villa. 
"Why are you in such a rush?" Johann asked curiously when they were in the car. 
How is it possible for me to stay calm when Larry gets jealous so easily these days? Joan knew that he would definitely not let it slide that she spent the night outside.
"Oh, it's nothing; Joan replied with a faint smile and did not answer his question.Johann could tell that the woman really cared about Larry. 
As such, he decided not to act on his interest towards her. 
The car pulled up in front of Larry's villa shortly after. 
The man, who was staring out of the window from upstairs, was extremely unhappy when he saw the two people walking out of the car. 
"Larry?" 
Joan entered the living room and placed the breakfast which she had bought on the table. 
Since she did not return home the entire night, she had to do something for the man to appease his anger. 
However, it felt strange to her that the villa was so quiet. 
Hmm? Is he still sleeping? Joan scanned her surroundings, feeling a little perplexed. 
But that's not possible! She glanced at her watch and noticed that it was already 7.30 a.m.. 
Usually, Larry would have already finished washing up by that time! Meanwhile, Larry was laying on the bed with his eyes wide open, awaiting Joan's arrival. 
"Larry?" Joan called out softly while pushing the door open. 
When she entered the room, she saw the man laying on the bed with his back facing her. 
No way...is he really still asleep?
"Wake up, lazy pig! It's already 7.30 a.m..I got you breakfast..." 
Joan said while walking over to the bed. 
Suddenly, Larry rolled over and pulled Joan onto the bed before pinning her beneath him. 
Then, he started kissing her fiercely and was only willing to let go of her when she started gasping for air. 
"Tell me, what did you do last night?" The man asked furiously. 
I knew he would be mad at me! Joan swept her messy fringe away from her forehead and with an awkward smile, she replied immediately, "Um...I got drunk last night and stayed over at Mrs.Wright's place"
###Chapter 2957
ls that really it?! bet it's that jerk Johann who intentionally got her drunk! 
"Johann did that on purpose! He planned to get you drunk by asking you to drink. You even stayed... " 
"Larry!" Joan interrupted Larry without waiting for him to complete his sentence. 
"Johann is much better than that. He's a reliable and civilized man,’ Joan continued. 
ls she defending that man now?Hal! It has just been one night and she's already taking his side? Women are indeed very gullible! 
"I won't allow you to meet Johann in the future.” Larry leaned his head against Joan's collarbone and said softly. 
What? I understand that he's jealous, but isn't it too much to ban me from meeting Johann ever again? Joan turned away and looked out of the window with a troubled expression on her face. 
"Why? You are not willing to do that?" Larry touched her cheeks lightly and asked as he noticed her dilemma. 
Of course I'm not willing!After all, he's Clara's son! 
“Alright, that's enough. You should go downstairs and eat your breakfast!" Joan said impatiently. Larry was upset at the woman's nonchalance towards the matter. 
"Larry, am I getting a treat?” Jessica asked cheekily over the phone. 
Why should I be treating? Larry was in an extremely bad mood and did not feel like talking.
"I'm not free” Larry replied and was about to end the call. 
"Wait! It has already been so long, it's time for you to give me a treat. I have been rushing here and there just for you and Joan.” Jessica decided to play the emotional card. 
This girl! She's really trying all means just to get a free meal. 
"Fine, fine. I'll treat!" Larry hung up after saying that. It was a big deal to everyone that Larry was giving a treat. Jessica informed Nancy, Jory, and Caspian immediately. However, she hesitated when she reached 
Abelyn’s name in her contact list. 
Ever since Joan was kidnapped, there had been a subtle change in her relationship with Abelyn. Jessica knew 
Larry very well and naturally, she trusted him very much. 
As such, Larry's suspicions towards the woman had also resulted in Jessica casting doubts on her. 
Never mind! I shall still inform her! Not long after, the group was gathered in a private room in a hotel. 
"Joan, take a look and see what you would like to order!” 
Jessica said while passing the menu to Joan. Abelyn, who was also at the table, could not help but tremble a little when she looked at Joan. 
Ever since the kidnapping incident, she had been feeling uneasy all the time and was worried that her acts would be exposed sooner or later. In fact, unlike what she thought, it was no longer a secret. 
“Abelyn, is there anything you feel like eating?" Joan asked Abelyn, who was sitting next to her, in a gentle voice.
"Huh?" As Abelyn was in a daze, she jumped in shock when Joan suddenly spoke to her. After she regained her composure, she smiled awkwardly and reply softly, 
“Anything will do. I'm not a picky eater." 
"What are you saying? Aren't you allergic to prawns?" Dustin said as he nudged Abelyn lightly. Why does she look so distracted? 
“Are you not feeling well?” Dustin immediately touched the woman's forehead with his right hand and noticed she wasn't running a fever. 
"Then we'll just not order prawns." Jessica laughed heartily. 
Larry did not participate in the conversation. He was quietly observing Abelyn at one side. Indeed, he saw guilt flashing across the woman's face. 
You shouldn't have done that in the first place. Larry thought with a look of disdain. /f she had come clean to everyone previously, she wouldn't have landed herself in such a state. She would probably feel very uneasy at such gatherings. 
Her current relationship with us is neither enemies nor friends. What does she intend to do?If she turns over a new leaf from now onward, I can let bygones be bygones. 
However, if she doesn't learn from her mistakes, I will not go easy on her. 
"Larry! Why are you in a daze? Eat something! Isn't fish your favorite?" Jessica smacked Larry on his shoulder and exclaimed.
###Chapter 2958
"Sure,’ Larry replied immediately. 
Joan noticed Larry's delayed reaction and wondered if he was still upset over what happened the night before. 
‘Joan, this is yours! The dish in front of you is mine!” 
Dustin said while passing the vegetable dish to Joan. At the same time, Joan passed the braised short ribs in front of her to Dustin. 
Abelyn could feel her anger mounting as she noticed the chemistry between Dustin and Joan. On the other hand, 
Larry did not mind at all as he was certain that Dustin was already completely over Joan. 
"Why did you keep staring at Abelyn just now?” Joan asked Larry softly when they were back in the living room. 
Is this woman jealous? Larry pulled Joan into his arms and kissed her forehead lightly. His affection for the woman was written all over his face. 
‘Jealous? Or angry?" He asked her gently as if he had already forgotten that she had stayed over at Johann's place the previous night. 
"Why would I be jealous?" Joan replied while trying to push the man away. 
‘Aren't you intending to explain to me what happened last night?" Larry nibbled at her earlobes and asked softly while blowing air into her ears playfully. He didn't want to make things difficult for her as it
wasn't easy for them to be together again. 
“Actually, really nothing happened between Johann and I last night. Mrs. Wright knows my current status and besides, Johann is a gentleman. He would definitely not do anything that damages his reputation’ Joan put her arms around the man tightly and looked up at him, while replying to him seriously. 
In fact, Larry would believe anything Joan told him! 
It was just that he had let anger overcome him earlier on. As such, he didn't care to listen to Joan's explanation. Since things had already been cleared up, there was no longer a need for them to give each other the silent treatment. 
"Johann likes you, right?” Larry suddenly asked. 
Strange, how does he know? Joan did not remember telling Larry about it. "A man looks at a woman differently when he is in love with her” Larry explained while holding the woman's hand tightly. 
Wow, it seems like this man is quite attentive. He even managed to notice that. Joan continued snuggling in 
Larry's arms while basking in his warmth. 
"So, do you like him more or do you like me more?" Larry lifted the woman's chin while he asked teasingly. 
Isn't he asking the obvious? Obviously, Joan liked Larry more! 
Besides, her feelings towards Johann were that of a friend, while she felt romantic love towards Larry. 
"I'm so sleepy!" Joan tried to avoid answering him.
"You're not allowed to sleep until you answer my question, otherwise I'll... " Larry pinned Joan under him before completing his sentence and buried his head in her neck. 
"Don't do that! OK, fine. I'll answer.” Joan was exhausted and did not have any energy to further exert herself. 
With a serious expression, she said, "Well, ‘like’ is not the correct word to describe my feelings for you.” 
A glint of disappointment flashed across Larry's eyes when he heard that. What else could he say? Joan had not gotten her memories back after all. 
"It should be ‘love’ instead,” Joan continued. 
Larry's eyes lit up at once and he was elated. He tousled the woman's hair lightly and asked anxiously, "Do you really mean it?” 
Why would ! lie about that? Joan smiled and nodded her head firmly. 
Finally, the both of them had returned to the loving couple they were before. 
So what if Joan had lost her memories? Their feelings towards each other had not changed at all. It was unfortunate for Jake that even though he tried so hard to keep Joan by his side, he was still unable to win her heart. 
“Larry, I want to visit Ms. Young and Lucius,’ Joan suddenly requested. 
But she has not regained her memories. How can she meet them in her current state? Larry couldn't help but worry, as he had not told Delilah and Lucius that Joan had lost her memories.
###Chapter 2959
"I think there's no need to keep my condition from them. Besides, I have heard from Jessica that Ms. Young is a reasonable and understanding woman,’ Joan said and 
looked at Larry expectantly. 
Larry was moved by the sincere look on Joan's face and thought that what she said made some sense. 
"Fine then, we shall pay Ms. Young and Lucius a visit tomorrow” Larry replied in an assuring tone. 
As promised, Larry did not go to work the next day and brought Joan to Delilah's house. 
When Delilah saw Joan, tears welled up in her eyes at once. 
"Joan, where have you been!" Delilah hugged Joan tightly as tears streamed down her cheeks. Even though 
Joan was slightly taken aback at that moment, she was feeling very emotional as well. 
What's the matter with her?Why isn't she saying anything? Delilah was feeling rather perplexed as she looked at Joan curiously. 
"Um... Ms. Young, actually, Joan had lost her memories,’ Larry explained at once while scratching the back of his head. 
That struck Delilah like a bolt out of the blue and her mind went blank instantly. She has been gone for so long and now, she's back but has lost her memories?!s God playing a joke on me? 
Oh well, never mind, as long as she's safe and well.
"Joan, c'mon here and have a seat,’ Delilah said as she led Joan towards the sofa. 
Even since the two women reunited, Delilah had been talking to Joan non-stop and seemed to be very emotional. 
Joan replied Delilah as best as she could as she understood the woman's feelings. 
"Grandma, I'm back." Suddenly, Lucius, who was carrying his school bag, walked in. When the boy saw Joan, he started wailing at once. 
"Mom, I miss you so much!” Lucius ran into Joan's arm immediately. 
Joan got a shock but composed herself immediately after. She patted the boy's back gently, comforting him. 
"Come here, Lucius. Let your mom rest for a while” Delilah said to the boy while helping Joan up. 
At the same time, Larry took Lucius into the room and said to him carefully, “Lucius, I'm going to tell you something now, but you need to promise me not to scream or cry, yeah?" 
After taking a pause, he continued softly while stroking the boy's head, "Your mom has lost her memories so she doesn't remember who you are now. But we will help her regain her memories together." 
Lucius' eyes were clouded with sadness when he heard that. 
"You need to believe that your mom will get well. We need to have faith in her, alright? She will definitely get her memories back; Larry continued speaking. Yup, I believe that Mom will recover! Lucius looked at the man in front of him and nodded firmly. No matter how long it took, he was determined to help his mom get her memories back.
Meanwhile, Joan, who was resting on the sofa, felt extremely dejected. She noticed how excited Delilah and 
Lucius were when they saw her but she didn't feel anything at all. 
"Joan, it's alright. You will definitely get your memories back one day. We will be with you on your journey to recovery,’ Delilah said in a quivering voice. Will I really get my memories back? Joan fell into deep thought. 
After having a meal together with Delilah and Lucius, 
Larry and Joan left. 
"Did you manage to recall anything?" Larry asked Joan when they were in the car. 
Joan shook her head and looked disappointed. However, she was just glad that Delilah and Lucius were doing well. 
"Grandma, why is Mom not staying with us?" Back in the living room, Lucius tugged at Delilah's arm and asked once Larry and Joan left. 
He had missed his mom so much during that period of time she was gone. The boy did not understand why she was leaving so soon right after she came back and wondered if it was because the woman did not like him anymore. 
She must be feeling awkward. Yeah, now that she’s not able to remember anything, if she comes back now, she'll probably feel uncomfortable. We should wait a while more. 
Delilah let out a sigh with sorrow visible in her eyes. This girl has such a tough life.
###Chapter 2960
"Isn't that Della?" Joan said to Larry in the car. 
Why is she here? Larry had his guard up all of a sudden. 
"Larry!" Della called out to Larry at once. However, her face went pale when she saw the woman in the car. 
"I tried calling you just now but was unable to reach you; Della said cautiously, before glancing at Joan arrogantly. 
Then, she continued, "Um, my dad's looking for you” Mr. Duff's looking for me? Larry eyed the woman suspiciously, feeling surprised. 
Fred would not look for him if it wasn't anything important. It seemed like something urgent might have happened. 
Larry turned around and explained the situation briefly to Joan before getting into the car. 
Joan had a worried expression on her face as she watched the car drive away. She knew the Duff family's background and influence very well. Fred wasn't someone to be offended and Joan was feeling ill at ease as she wondered if Larry would be in any danger. 
Joan rubbed her hands nervously but she still believed that Larry would be able to handle anything that came his way! 
"Why is Mr. Duff looking for me?" Larry asked Della softly while they were walking.
"I'm not sure. Dad didn't tell me,’ Della replied swiftly. Meanwhile, Fred was flipping through a newspaper on the sofa in the living room. Even though he appeared to be very relaxed, he was panicking inside his heart. 
"Mr. Duff" Larry greeted the man immediately when he entered the living room. 
"You're here. Follow me to the study,’ Mr. Duff said and stood up, before heading upstairs. 
For some unknown reason, Della felt a sense of unease as she looked at her dad's lonesome figure. Did something happen to the company?0r is dad facing any troubles? 
Della could not stop pacing to and fro and remained ina fluster. 
"Ms. Duff, here, have some water,’ the housemaid said as she passed Della a glass of water. 
"Oh, wait a minute, do you know if anything has happened to my dad lately?" Della grabbed the housemaid's arm and asked. 
The housemaid looked upstairs and was put in a tight spot. Fred had told her not to tell Della about his health condition. 
"Tell me!" Della yelled furiously, emitting a cold aura. 
The housemaid was startled by Della's reaction and retreated a few steps instinctively. Avoiding Della’s gaze, she lowered her head and replied at once, "Mr. Duff is fine. But I think Ms. Duff, you should come home and spend time with your dad more often. He's getting old after all and needs some concern from his children’ 
Della heaved a sigh of relief at once when she heard that.
“Well, you are just a housemaid and you dare to lecture me?” Della stepped towards the housemaid and said fiercely. 
"No, I dare not! Ms. Duff, I'll go prepare food now,’ the housemaid said and quickly ran towards the kitchen. 
Della did not manage to get the hidden meaning behind the housemaid's words. 
In the study, Fred was sitting at his desk with a serious expression on his face, while Larry sat on the sofa, awaiting the man's instructions. 
He could not help but worry as he noticed the somber expression Fred had. Did he encounter any difficulties? A glint of concern flashed across Larry's eyes. 
“Larry, I need your help with something,” Fred cleared his throat and said in a soft voice. 
Larry felt that they did not need to stand on such ceremony with each other as they had known each other for such a long time. In fact, if it wasn't for Della, the both of them might have already joined hands in business long ago. 
"Della is still young and it's likely that there are things that she wouldn't be able to do well. My health is not so good lately so I can only trouble you. My company is facing some difficulties lately which is causing us huge losses. Can you find out for me who's behind it?" Fred said softly while glancing at the door. 
Larry was shocked to hear that. Who in the world would have the guts to lay hands on Mr. Duff?isn't that starting a losing battle?
###Chapter 2961
Although Fred had now suffered quite a bit of loss, he was determined to find the culprit and propel the company to greater heights one day. 
"Okay, I got it. I'll definitely do my best to get to the bottom of it,” Larry promised. He knew that Fred wouldn't be able to hang on for much longer considering his current condition, and Della was reckless at times, so he had no choice but to help in the matter. 
“As for Della, I can only apologize to you on her behalf. You'll hear no complaints from me no matter how you want to handle her in the future. It's indeed time to teach her a lesson. I'm afraid that I won't have the opportunity to educate her anymore, so Larry, I implore you to treat her like a sister henceforth,” Fred beseeched. 
He was a reasonable person, so he naturally understood Larry's feelings. Love couldn't be forced in the first place, so there wouldn't be any positive outcome no matter how hard one party tried if the other party didn't feel the same. 
"You'll definitely recover, Mr. Duff. Didn't the doctor say that there's still a high possibility of recovery?" Larry hastily countered. 
Truthfully speaking, he was a tad reluctant to part with the elderly man. 
It was indeed a great honor for him to meet such a venerated elder in the intricate business world. Alas, that pleasure was almost all but extinguished by Della. 
"I'll be undergoing an operation shortly. I'll be able to live longer if the operation is successful, but if otherwise, then I'll be entrusting Della and the company to you.”
Of course, what Fred meant by that was only having Larry manage the company in trust until Della had matured and grown stronger. 
"Don't say such a negative thing, Mr. Duff. Don't worry about the company and Della. Just rest at home, for I'll handle everything for you,’ Larry avowed, patting himself on the chest. 
As Fred looked at the man in front of him, a smile finally bloomed on his face. 
Why isn't he out yet when it's been so long? Anxiety gripped Della as she stared at the study upstairs. !t must be an exceedingly serious matter. Otherwise, why would 
Dad talk to him for such a long time? What exactly happened? And why is Dad keeping me in the dark? 
Tilting her head, she plunged into deep contemplation as a faint sense of dread pervaded her. 
At long last, the two men walked out of the study after what seemed like an eternity. 
Suspicion plagued Della as she stared at the men who were descending the stairs. However, it seemed as though everything was fine from their expressions. 
"Dad, I'll see Larry out.’ As she said that, she stepped forward and took Larry's arm with a smile. 
Fred naturally saw through her, but he didn't stop her since had he had already reached a consensus with Larry earlier. 
"What did my father tell you, Larry? What exactly happened? Tell me!" Della urged anxiously while shaking his arm. 
Nonetheless, Larry remembered Fred's instructions, so he merely smiled at the woman before him.
"Nothing much. We just discussed work for a bit, so don't worry;’ Larry replied softly, patting her shoulder lightly. 
Upon glimpsing the different look in his eyes, Della frowned slightly. 
Despite not having known him for long, she was already very much familiar with his character. 
For that reason, she knew that he was lying. 
She scrutinized his expression closely in an attempt to glean some clues. "Tell me the truth, Larry. What exactly happened?" 
When did she become so perceptive? Nonetheless, Larry merely shook his head without saying anything. Then, he spun around to leave. 
"Larry!" 
Sensing her unease, Larry finally relented and murmured, "Your father isn't feeling well recently, so take good care of him. He merely asked me to make a trip overseas on his behalf.’
###Chapter 2962
ls that really all? As Della stared at Larry's disappearing back, her expression was one of intense worry. 
When Larry arrived home, Joan was already asleep on the sofa. He slowly walked over and reached out to carry her to the bedroom, but she suddenly woke up at that precise moment. 
"You're back?" Joan immediately greeted him while rubbing her eyes. 
"Yeah. Why didn't you go into the bedroom to sleep?" Larry inquired gently as he stroked her hair. 
"I have trouble sleeping by myself in the bedroom.” Joan hugged the man in front of her tightly, refusing to let go no matter what. 
For some inexplicable reason, a thrill shot through Larry at the sight of her reliance on him. Now that our lives have finally settled down, we no longer have to live in fear like before. At that thought, Larry's hands around her tightened a fraction. 
Indeed, everyone thought that life would be peaceful in the future. But unbeknownst to them, incident after incident would befall them in the coming days. 
"Drop the act! I've already investigated everything, and it was you who orchestrated Joan's kidnapping back then!” Sitting in a corner in a café, Jake stared at the woman across from him coldly. 
So what? Didn't they let me go in the end because they didn't have sufficient evidence? Abelyn smirked as she took a sip of her coffee. I want her to die a ghastly death! 
I simply want her to disappear from the face of the earth! 
Only then will my anger be quenched!
"You're the president of a company, so do keep your identity in mind. I think you know full well what's appropriate and inappropriate, so I don’t need to remind you to watch your words, yes? And as long as you can furnish me with the evidence, I'll admit that it was me,’ 
Abelyn drawled with feigned seriousness. Evidence? The evidence is those few men who took the negotiation abroad! Alas, Larry actually allowed them to escape! But then again, if those men hadn't fled, perhaps 
Joan wouldn't be alive now. 
“Abelyn, don't think I'm unaware that you're working with Della Duff. So, why attempt to keep it a secret time and again?” Jake blurted out of the blue. 
Huh? That's strange. How did he know about that? Astonished, Abelyn gaped at Jake across from her. 
“You should know that what is done by night appears by day. I already know everything you've done, so why bother putting on a hypocritical act in front of me?" 
As Jake gazed at the people coming and going outside the window, a flash of delight flickered across his eyes. it'll be great if i'm able to obtain evidence! 
"My goal in asking you out this time is simply to advise you not to waste time anymore. You're not their match. Abelyn, you have your own career to contend with, so why focus your energy and attention on such a trivial matter?" He sounded extremely sincere and solemn. 
However, it was water off a duck's back to Abelyn. 
That's my business, okay? She lifted her head and glowered at the man across from her with a hint of chagrin in her eyes. Damn it! Why is he so talkative today?
"Is there anything else? If not, please excuse me.” As she said that, she snagged her handbag from the side and whirled around to leave. 
"Wait!" Jake abruptly called her back. "Don't hurt her anymore henceforth; he warned sternly. 
Hmph! Why should I listen to you? Turning back to him, Abelyn stared at him stonily as aggravation surged within her. No matter what, I must have my revenge! Back then, I willingly got taken because of her, but in the blink of an eye, she then betrayed me! What a travesty! 
Saying nary a word, she then strode out on her skyscraper heels that clicked against the ground. 
Without a backward glance, she slipped into the car while emanating a cold aura. 
No one can stop me! 
In the café, Jake remained sitting in the corner. While stirring his coffee, he watched the car that drove away. Abelyn, Abelyn... when did you become so foolish?
###Chapter 2963
Shaking his head, Jake heaved a sigh. 
Ah, this is all thanks to Della Duff! "Where did you go that you're only home at this hour?" 
Dustin instantly sprang up from the sofa and strode over to the woman who was slowly making her way into the house. 
Chuckling, Abelyn replied sheepishly, "I just went out for a drive" 
Oh, really? But why did someone tell me that she was with Jake Wilson this afternoon? Could it be that the two have of them have again struck up a deal? Dustin eyed the woman in front of her, his stomach in knots. 
He found her behaving rather out of character these days.She had lost her bubbly and cheerful disposition of the past, turning grim instead. 
Many a time, she would space out though he had no idea what she was thinking. 
Don't tell me she betrayed Joan? 
"What did you do this afternoon?" he deliberately asked. 
"Nothing.Why?" 
Abelyn swiftly replied. 
As Dustin studied the woman before him, a wave of displeasure welled within him for some reason.He hated being lied to no matter who it was.His hands clenched into fists, and suspicion glinted in his eyes.
Argh! I love her so much, yet she went to meet Jake Wilson behind my back! No matter the reason, she should still tell me about it, no? At the sight of his towering rage, something occurred to Abelyn. 
"I went to meet Jake Wilson today" she admitted in a mere whisper with her head lowered. 
All at once, Dustin's eyes lit up. 
Clutching her shoulders, he promptly questioned, "And then? Why did he ask you out? And what did he say to you?" 
Fear seized him that she would be manipulated by Jake. 
"He just wanted to instigate me to hurt Joan, but don't worry, for I've already declined.Joan is my best friend, so how could I possibly hurt her?" 
Abelyn murmured though the disdain brimming in her eyes told another story altogether. 
Phew! Fortunately, she didn't get taken in! Breathing a sigh of relief, Dustin hugged her tightly. 
However, stark disappointment enveloped Abelyn. 
Do I always come second to Joan Watts in his heart? At that thought, a cold gleam flashed across her eyes. 
"Dustin, what if...This is a purely hypothetical question, okay? What if Joan and I had a huge row one day? What would you do? Who would you side with?" 
Abelyn asked, staring at the man in front of her seriously. 
In all honesty, Dustin had never found that question difficult. 
Indeed, he had once loved Joan, but the person he now loved was undoubtedly Abelyn.
However, regardless of whom he loved, he would still side with the person in the right. 
In that sense, he was still very much rational. 
"Why would you suddenly ask that?" he queried in a low voice, kissing her on the forehead gently. 
He knew that his answer wasn't the one she wanted. 
"Answer me! You must answer me!" Abelyn urged frantically. 
"Alright, let's have dinner, okay?" 
As Dustin said that, he headed in the direction of the dining room while dragging her along. 
"Dustin Silverman!" 
Abelyn snapped as she blew a gasket. 
Could it be that everything he said back then was a huge lie? And don't tell me that everything between us now is also fake? "You would side with Joan, right? You still love her, don't you? What about me, then? What am I to you?" 
Abelyn bellowed in a shaky voice. 
Why did she suddenly become so unreasonable? Dustin regarded the woman in front of him skeptically as aggravation swamped him. 
While she still quibbled with me in the past, she never once acted this unreasonable and kept harping on the same thing! She knows full well that she shouldn't bring up Joan before me, yet she has compared herself to her time and again.
How pointless! Suppressing the brewing fury within him, he forced the corners of his mouth up and flashed her a smile. 
"Alright, cut it out.Let's eat, or the food will get cold"
###Chapter 2964
"I'm not eating! I want a definite answer from you today, Dustin Silverman! Tell me, who exactly do you love? Is it me or Joan?" Abelyn roared. 
What the hell? What nonsense is she spouting? Would I date her if I don't love her? What on earth is wrong with her that she suddenly flew off the handle? 
"Abelyn, I won't take sides. Do you get it now? I'll naturally side with whoever of you is in the right!" 
Dustin hastily explained. 
Finally, Abelyn understood.So, what he meant is that he won't help me wholeheartedly! Her gaze abruptly darkened at his answer. 
"I'm tired and would like to rest, so you go ahead and eat." As she said that, she turned around and went upstairs. 
As Dustin gazed at her petite figure, a sense of helplessness flooded him. 
Perhaps I! should have coaxed her and said that I'd always side with her no matter what she did, but I just couldn't lie to myself. 
Why couldn't she be reasonable when Joan could? Anyone sensible would never force someone else to make such a promise. 
Also, why is she behaving so out of character today? Could it be because of Jake Wilson? What the hell did that b*stard say to her? Meanwhile, Larry was typing on the keyboard incessantly in the office, appearing extremely busy.
"Larry!" 
All of a sudden, Jessica barged in. 
Ugh! What is she doing here now? Larry lifted his head and cast her a seemingly nonchalant glance without saying anything. 
Hah! I haven't even taken her to task for kissing Joan back then! "Aw, don't be so petty, Larry! I just kissed your woman, no? What's the big deal about that? You're so vindictive! If you want to get even, just go and kiss Caspian, okay?" 
Jessica offered wickedly, pouting. 
"No way!" 
Larry abruptly went into a coughing fit, probably having been irked by her suggestion. 
"Goodness, take it easy, Larry! Don't be angry. 
Calm down, okay? Look, I even came here today to apologize!" 
As Jessica said that, she placed a gift in front of him. 
Hmm? What is this? Larry eyed the woman before him with a trace of wariness in his gaze. 
"This is a gift from me, so I'd be honored if you'd accept it’ Jessica continued. 
Huh? This doesn't make sense. 
She has always been stingy as hell, so why is she suddenly so generous to give me a gift today? Larry leaned back against the chair, suspicion written all over his face.
"Well? What's your purpose in seeking me out?" he drawled. 
"Why are you making it sound so shady, Larry? I just want to give you a gift as thanks for having taken care of me all this while and even given me a bank card; Jessica replied sheepishly. 
However, Larry wasn't taken in.Instead, he cut her off and ordered, "Get straight to the point." 
"Hehe, well...do you mind giving Caspian some time off? I'd like to go on a vacation with him” Jessica murmured shyly, dipping her head.Well, I rest my case. 
I just knew that she wouldn't be giving me a gift for no reason! "Then, it depends on whether your gift is valuable." 
While saying that, Larry opened the gift box. 
"Of course! It's extremely valuable! I spent almost a million on this watch!" 
Jessica hurriedly expounded. 
Hmm...not bad. 
This is indeed a branded watch, and if my memory serves, this is probably a limited-edition watch. 
When did she become so generous? Lifting his head, Larry shot her a smile. 
"It's been a long time since we last went on a vacation.When I brought it up to him in the past, he always declined!" 
Jessica sounded exceedingly aggravated. 
In that, Larry admitted that he had indeed been negligent.
Ever since Caspian started working with me, he rarely has time to rest. 
Now that he has a girlfriend, I should indeed give him some time off. 
"Alright, I got it.I'll talk to him.Also, thanks," Larry said with a smile as he pointed at the watch on his table.
###Chapter 2965
Yay! I've finally gotten him to agree to it! Jessica then happily left Larry's office. 
Meanwhile, Caspian, who was outside the office, was puzzled when he saw her elated expression.Has she gotten a boon from Larry or something again? He gazed at her disappearing back in mystification. 
"You asked for me, Larry?" Caspian blurted the moment he pushed open the office door. 
"Yup.Starting tomorrow, you don't have to come to work.I'm giving you a week off, so spend it with Jessica," Larry said solemnly. 
Huh? What's this? Why is he suddenly giving me time off? Don't tell me Jessica said something or other to him? 
"No, it's fine, Larry.I'm not tired? Caspian declined tactfully.I can't simply leave Norton Corporation when things have just calmed down. 
Who knows whether Jake Wilson and Della Duff will cause trouble again? 
"Why, are you not going to listen to me? You're not allowed to come to work tomorrow onward, or you don't have to come to work anymore" 
Larry's voice was extremely austere. 
Upon seeing his resolute expression, Caspian didn't argue further. 
Instead, he slowly left the office. 
Raising his head, Larry stared at his retreating back.
Out of the blue, a sliver of envy crept into him. 
Ah, since Jessica and Caspian got together, nothing ever happened to impede their relationship. 
They'd been lovey- dovey and affectionate with each other, drawing the envy of others. 
Once, I had such a relationship as well, but everything is different now. 
Fortunately, Joan has returned to my side, so that's enough for me. 
Ring, ring! 
"When are you planning to depart, Larry?" 
Fred sounded extremely serious. 
That was an awkward question, for Larry had just given Caspian time off. 
It went without saying that Jessica wouldn't be in the office as well these few days, so what would become of the company if he were to go abroad? 
"Is the matter over there truly that urgent, Mr.Duff?" he asked, cutting straight to the chase. 
"It's exceedingly urgent; Fred answered resolutely. 
Oh well, it looks like I've got no choice this time. 
"Okay, I'll definitely depart tomorrow, so don't worry." 
The two men then exchanged some pleasantries before they both hung up. 
"I'm going abroad tomorrow, so keep a close eye on the company.Remember, if anything happens, you must inform me timely.It's been too peaceful recently that I feel really uneasy" Larry said to his
assistant before him. 
"Should I find someone to go with you, Mr.Norton?" The assistant's expression was colored with worry. 
"Don't worry about me, for I'll be fine.I'm just worried about the company" 
A hint of unease manifested in Larry's eyes. 
For some reason, a sense of dread plagued him. 
Could it be that Jake Wilson is again plotting something? Or is Della up to her tricks again? If they both team up against me, I'll really have a problem dealing with them! Oh God, you've truly got to keep a close eye on Della, Mr.Duff! Subsequently, Larry turned his head and gazed out the window, his expression a touch desolate. 
Also, there's Joan to consider. 
I'm really afraid that something will happen to her. 
She isn't aware of Abelyn’s motives yet, so she likely won't be on her guard against her. 
No, I've got to remind her to be careful! 
"Nancy, I'm going abroad soon, so please help me take care of Joan if you're free," 
Larry implored softly as he held his cell phone to his ear.He could no longer go to Dustin and Abelyn while Jessica and Caspian were going abroad for a vacation, so Nancy was naturally the only viable choice. 
"Why are you being such a stranger with me, Larry? What's this about taking care of Joan? I'm happy to have her chat, shop, and catch some movies with me!"
Nancy countered at once.But beside her, Jory was disgruntled with impatient etched on his face. 
Why is he always troubling the two of us? What could happen to Joan if she were to be left on her own? "Alright, stop throwing a tantrum. 
Larry and Joan have helped me a lot in the past; Nancy muttered while massaging his shoulders.
###Chapter 2966
Yes, yes, it's exactly because they've helped her a lot that she keeps bringing up Larry Norton and Joan Watts every day! Worse still, she always agrees whenever they ask something of her! Jory threw Nancy a look, not in the mood to entertain the woman in front of him anymore. 
"Okay, stop sulking.It's just a few days, so there's no need for you to be this mad.Larry is a businessman, and the same goes for you, so the two of you may even have the opportunity for collaboration in the future." 
"Hah! I have no interest in collaborating with him!" 
As Jory said that, he got up and stormed up the stairs. 
In truth, he was merely sick of it all. 
Life is between two people, so why should it involve others? When Joan was sick, we had to visit her; when she got missing, we had to send people to look for her; when she was angry, we even had to cajole her surreptitiously... 
If I'd Known that this would've happened, ! would've forbidden Nancy from keeping in contact with them! Meanwhile, Joan was reading newspaper in the living room. 
"What are you doing?" 
Larry inquired softly as he walked in. 
"Reading newspaper for a bit.Why are you so late today?" 
Joan asked gently even as she stood up and headed toward him.
"There's quite a lot of work in the office recently.Oh yes, I'm going on a business trip tomorrow, so you must be careful at home alone" 
Larry urged with feigned calmness. 
Truth be told, he was reluctant to part with her though his greater worry was over her safety. 
Nonetheless, he had no choice but to leave since he had already promised Fred previously. 
"Huh? You're leaving tomorrow itself?" 
Joan echoed in disappointment, lowering her head as her gaze dimmed. 
Unbidden, reluctance welled within her. 
"Don't worry, for I'll be back very soon." 
Larry hugged her tightly from behind and kissed her neck lightly. 
Okay, then. 
I understand his situation. 
Joan nodded without saying anything. 
"Joan, promise me that you'll stay home as much as possible.If you really want to go out, have Nancy keep you company” Larry urged while clutching her petite hands tightly. 
What's wrong with him? Why is he suddenly so apprehensive when it's been rather peaceful recently? Puzzlement showed on Joan's face.
"Alright, I got it.Don't worry, for I'm not a three-year-old kid.I'll be careful" she promptly assured while gently caressing the hair at his forehead. 
Sure enough, after Larry had gone abroad while Jessica and Caspian had started their vacation the next day, Joan obediently stayed home instead of going out. 
Nancy, on the other hand, was still mollifying Jory. 
Very quickly, news of Larry having gone abroad and Caspian being away reached Della. 
And thus, she started scheming and plotting again. 
Hmph! I'll see who can save you this time, Joan Watts! A sneer played on her lips as she stood before the window, and a malicious gleam glinted in her eyes. 
"Della Duff, let me warn you that I'm still in the country even if Larry Norton has gone abroad.So, you'd better behave.Don't do anything to Joan!" 
Jake's voice was threaded with steely warning through the phone. 
Good God, he actually still wants to protect that b*tch! Della's eyes shone with a murderous glint. 
"Mind your own business, Jake Wilson! Don't go poking your nose where you don't belong!" 
After saying that, she hung up the phone. 
Hmph! What do I have to fear now? Her lips curved into a smirk. 
Then, she clenched her jaw tightly as her expression contorted with malice. 
Weil, well...
You'll never escape me, Joan Watts! Knock, knock, knock! A series of loud and urgent knocks rang out at the door. 
Hmm? Who could that be? Upon hearing the knocking, Joan instantly bolted up with apprehension etched on her face. 
"Larry!" 
This voice sounds rather familiar... 
Joan slowly got out of bed and walked out of the room. 
"Open up, Larry! It’s me, Gabriella!" 
Outside the door, the woman's voice was exceedingly coy. 
Gabriella? Don't tell me it's that Gabriella? What has she got to do with Larry? All at once, Joan's guard went up. 
Don't tell me she's now his mistress? No, that's impossible! Larry isn't the kind of person who would cheat!
###Chapter 2967
"I missed you so much, Larry!" 
That single utterance had fury blazing within Joan. 
Damn you, Larry! He has truly gotten himself a mistress out there! "Larry isn't here!" 
Joan snapped at the woman in front of her after swinging open the door. 
Hmm? She looks rather familiar, but why can't I remember who she is? Gabriella scratched her head as she scrutinized Joan intently. 
Likewise, Joan shared her sentiments.But for some reason, besides familiarity, the first feeling that struck her at the sight of Gabriella was predominantly fear. 
"Where's Larry? Also, who are you, and why are you here?" 
Gabriella demanded loudly as she thrust a finger in Joan's face. 
Indeed, she had lost her memories a year ago. 
Apart from her family, Larry was the only person she remembered. 
"I'm Larry's girlfriend? Joan answered firmly. 
Hmph! I just want to see what she's trying to do now! "What? Larry has a girlfriend now? Why? Why didn't you wait for me, Larry?" 
All of a sudden, Gabriella crouched and started wailing. 
Oh my God, what bad luck! How did I get stuck in this mess? Joan's expression turned dour.
"Um...Why don't you get up first? Larry is really not home.He has gone on a business trip, so I'll tell him that you came over when he returns" she suggested while helping the woman on the ground up. 
In truth, she was truly incensed just now, but she then felt bad at the sight of Gabriella's heart-rending sobs. 
"I'd like to have some water’ Gabriella entreated coquettishly as she wiped the tears on her face. 
"Alright, alright.Come, I'll get you some water." 
As the two women sat on the sofa in the living room, the atmosphere was a tad awkward. 
Gabriella looked around with dejection in her eyes. 
How could Larry date another woman? How could he abandon me? At that thought, the grief within her bubbled over, and she started weeping again. 
As Joan stared at the tormented expression of the woman before her, unease welled within her.She didn't quite know what to say or how to face her. 
Ah, I must have owed her in the past lifetime! Otherwise, why would she suddenly turn up here? "What's your name?" 
Gabriella abruptly stopped crying and asked seriously, her gaze pinned on the woman in front of her. 
"I'm Joan Watts" 
Joan hastily replied, not daring to dawdle for a single moment. 
"Nice to meet you, Joan.I'm Gabriella Ward? Gabriella declared. 
I Know.
And? She has had water and cried her heart out, so shouldn't she be leaving since Larry is truly not at home now? Looking at her expectantly, Joan forced a smile. 
"Come! Come here!" 
As Gabriella said that, she pulled her into the washroom. 
"Say, which of us is more beautiful?" she questioned softly while pointing at the mirror. 
Huh? What kind of question is that? Why is she suddenly debating such a pointless subject when she was just fine earlier? 
"Well? Answer me! Tell me who's more beautiful!" 
Gabriella raised her voice and demanded in a near shout. 
"You, you.Of course, you're more beautiful" Joan hastily replied. 
Well, she’s indeed beautiful, but she's cuckoo. 
"Then, why does Larry like you instead of me? Why?" 
"Uh...please stop crying.You've been crying for a long time, so you should stop while you're ahead.If you continue doing so, your makeup is going to end up ruined!" 
Joan quickly cajoled. 
"Who cares? Larry isn't here, so what does it matter?" 
Gabriella started howling at the top of her lungs once more.Oh God, this is ridiculous! Taking a deep breath, Joan closed her eyes and tried to compose herself.
"Okay, okay.Then, how about having some water before you continue crying? Your tears are drying up, so you've got to drink some water to replenish" 
While saying that, Joan pushed her out.
###Chapter 2968
"Okay, I'll have some water!" 
As Gabriella said that, she picked up the glass at the side and guzzled the water at one go. 
Then, she slumped back against the sofa and started wallowing in tears again. 
Good heavens! Has she gone mad? What's there to cry about? It's just a man, no? Is this really necessary? There are tons of men who are more handsome and outstanding than Larry out there, so why must she show dogged determination on him? Ah well, she can just cry if she wishes to do so. 
Anyway, she’s not going to listen to me. 
Joan then cast her a glance before heading to the kitchen. 
After some time, Gabriella dozed off on the sofa. 
When Joan came out of the kitchen, she was actually snoring away. 
Oh well, she's probably exhausted from all the crying she did. 
Joan shook her head while staring at her before sighing softly. 
"I'm starving!" 
Gabriella suddenly shouted while rubbing her stomach.Her holler had the woman in the kitchen jumping in fright. 
"T-The food is almost ready, so go and wash your hands; Joan replied from the kitchen. 
"Wow! It smells good!"
While saying that, Gabriella charged into the kitchen. 
Snagging a piece of meat from the plate, she unceremoniously shoved it into her mouth. 
"Hey, hey, what are you doing? Go and wash your hands!" 
Joan immediately stepped forward to stop her, pushing her into the washroom. 
Is she really that hungry? In the next instant, a rare smile bloomed on her face. 
Actually, she’s quite adorable! "Your cooking is delicious, Joan! It tastes even better than my housemaid's cooking!" 
Gabriella exclaimed in delight while smacking her dainty lips. 
Of course! How can my cooking compare to that of the average person? Joan lifted her chin slightly as pride suffused her. 
Although this incident today is rather bizarre, it's quite lucky to meet a fellow foodie! However, she was a foodie who loved to cook scrumptious fare. 
"Why do you love cooking so much? I only like to eat.I don't like to cook" 
Gabriella commented softly as she suddenly raised her head. 
Joan had indeed never considered that question.She didn't know when she started growing fond of cooking. 
Well, perhaps it's after I met Larry. 
Yeah, that's right.
For some reason, I love making various types of food for him after meeting him. 
And every time I see him enjoying the food I make, I feel especially gratified. 
"Joan." 
All of a sudden, Gabriella feigned a pitiful expression. 
Good Lord, what is she up to now? In a flash, Joan's senses went on high alert. 
"Cook delicious food for me often in the future, okay?" 
Huh? Why? Joan's eyes went wide as incredulity flooded her. 
Of course not! I'm not her housemaid! Furthermore, why should I cook for her? I've got tons of work to do, so! don't have the time to do so! 
"Um...I'm usually pretty swamped, so you should just ask your housemaid to cook for you" she declined tactfully. 
"No! I want to eat your cooking! Your cooking tastes far better than theirs! How about..." 
Gabriella abruptly dipped her head, seemingly in contemplation. 
"What is it?" 
Joan prompted while looking at the woman in front of her curiously. 
"How about we start an eatery together?" 
Gabriella exclaimed out of the blue.
Hearing that, Joan instantly was stumped. 
Why is she going all over the place? Starting an eatery is indeed a good idea, but it's not something to be done on a whim. 
After all, it requires tremendous time and effort. 
"Did you not take your medication before leaving the house today, Gabriella?" 
Joan could sense that she wasn't in the right frame of mind. 
"How did you know that? You're amazing!" 
The woman in front of her clasped her hands and looked up at her in adulation. 
Goodness, what on earth have I experienced today? Joan thumped her head hard in a bid to clear her mind.
###Chapter 2969
"Pretty please? I'll contribute financially, while you contribute in terms of labor.Then, I'll get to eat your cooking" 
Gabriella murmured sheepishly. 
"If you don't agree, I'm going to stay right here until you do!" she suddenly declared at the top of her lungs. 
Fine by me. 
Just stay here, then. 
Joan threw her a disgruntled look. 
I indeed want to open an eatery, but I don't want to collaborate with a stranger, who's also not quite right in the head! 
"Sure! It's just me in the house, so you can even keep me company if you stay; she deliberately remarked while chewing the food in her mouth.Hmm? It's just her in the house? That's great! Gabriella's lips curved into a mischievous smile.Oh dear, she must have thought of something dreadful again! As Joan gazed at the freaky expression in front of her, unease pervaded her. 
"Will you please lend me your cell phone, my dear Joan? I forgot to bring my cell phone when I left the house today." 
My dear Joan? Am I hearing things? Why did she suddenly become so amiable? No, she must be up to something!
"Why do you need to use my cell phone?" Joan demanded bluntly. 
"To give my father a call and tell him that I'm not coming home tonight." 
Huh? She's really not planning on going home? Is she serious? Surprised, Joan gaped at the woman in front of her. 
All of a sudden, a headache assailed her. 
"Uh...Look, Gabriella, you're still young, so your father will be very worried if you spend the night outside.I'll drive you back later, okay? Let's not... 
"No!" 
Gabriella screeched, slamming her hands on the table. 
Her grit and tone truly shocked Joan greatly. 
Good grief, it's really difficult to sway her! 
"How could I bear to abandon you here alone? We're business partners, so we should naturally stick together through thick and thin!" 
Has she lost her mind? Who's her business partner? I didn't assent with her suggestion earlier, okay? Besides, what can she do if she stays other than bother me? Most importantly, our relationship isn't that close, no? 
"Do you not like me, Joan?" 
Gabriella abruptly questioned in a quivering voice. 
"No, not at all! How could I possibly not like you when you're so cute?"
Joan hastily fibbed. 
Inwardly, however, she groused, Of course! Any ordinary person will be able to tell that I'm already at the end of my patience! "If so, you definitely won't kick me out, no? Look, it's already getting dark.Could you stand having me walk home alone at night? I'll be scared since I'm afraid of the dark" 
"I can drive you home" Joan blurted. 
"So, you don't like me! You disdain me for being dumb and not knowing anything!" 
Gabriella unexpectedly burst into tears. 
Oh God, please have mercy on me! Lifting her head, Joan closed her eyes and composed herself. 
"Alright, alright, here you go." 
As she said that, she handed her cell phone to the woman before her. 
Snatching the cell phone joyfully, Gabriella made her call without an ounce of hesitation. 
"Hello, Dad, I'm not coming home today.No, I won't be coming home for the next few days.My friend is alone at home, so I'm worried about her" 
Ugh! Who's the worried party here? Joan massaged her temples in a bid to soothe her nerves. 
Ah, how unlucky of me! However, while regarding Gabriella's excited expression, her anger dissipated for some inexplicable reason. 
Actually, she's quite pitiful.She must have few friends. 
As she gazed at her petite figure, a sense of compassion filled her.
In reality, she’s innocent at heart! What a pity! 
"Here.I'm done using it, Joan.Thank you!" 
During the days when Gabriella was with Joan, she inexplicably grew more cheerful.And perhaps she was now close with her, but she didn't even care about Larry's return.
###Chapter 2970
"Um...Gabriella, why haven't I heard you mentioning Larry in the past few days?" 
Joan inquired softly on the sofa in the living room, her eyes colored with a hint of puzzlement.She's here to look for Larry, yet she hasn't once mentioned his name. 
This is rather strange. 
"Why should I mention him? I've got you now, no?" 
Gabriella teased while blinking her eyes at her. 
For some inexplicable reason, a burst of joy filled Joan up upon hearing that. 
"When are we going to start an eatery, Joan?" Gabriella asked urgently, grasping her arm. 
Hmm... 
This is a question that really necessitates me to think long and hard. 
Joan hadn't made up her mind about the location since she was worried that someone would come and make trouble. 
Too many things have transpired previously, and Larry urged me not to leave the house alone, so there might be frequent incidents in the future. 
Thus, I'm afraid that an eatery might not be in the cards. 
"I'll be honest with you, Gabriella.It's not that I don't want to start an eatery, but there are tons of preparations to be made.For that reason, we can't accomplish it anytime soon; Joan explained at
once.Starting an eatery was also her dream, but it was truly not a good time to start a business when the situation was So precarious. 
"What's all the fuss about? We'll just make the preparations, then.If you don't want to do that, I'll do it.Don't worry, for everything will be done timely with my father’s help!" 
Gabriella avowed as she patted herself on the chest. 
Well, that's true. 
The Ward family is indeed very powerful. 
However, I can't drag them into my troubles. 
No, no, I still need to think about it long and hard. 
"Let me ponder upon it so that I can come up with the perfect solution, okay?" 
Joan hastily proposed. 
"Okay.Don't worry, for it's not all that urgent.I just wanted to know whether you're committed to the plan; Gabriella replied with a pout, dipping her head. 
At the sight of her mischievous expression, Joan pinched her cheek and giggled. 
"What did you just say? Gabriella Ward is at Larry's villa?" 
Della roared incredulously in her office. 
"Yes.I don't know why either, but that woman went to Larry Norton's villa for no apparent reason; the assistant answered cautiously with her head lowered.Damon it all to heil! I'm more than anxious to
implement my plan, yet that woman simply has to be a hindrance! Why on earth did she have to go to Larry's villa? Della rubbed her hands vigorously, her expression tense. 
While the Ward family's power is no match for my family's, their influence within the country isn't to be underestimated. 
If I truly make a move against Gabriella Ward, the patriarch of the Ward family will never let me off easy if he were to learn of my involvement! Bang! Della slammed a hand on the table, and her palm quickly turned bright red. 
Why did that b*tch, Gabriella Ward, have to go there at just this time? "How about we ask Gabriella Ward out, Ms.Duff? Then, we can make a move against Joan Watts; the assistant promptly suggested, her head snapping up. 
That will indeed work, but if I were to ask her out, isn't that tantamount to an admission of guilt? Larry is no fool, so he'll naturally be able to figure it out! No, no, that idea is definitely out of the question! 
"What if we have someone else ask her out?" the assistant continued. 
Hmm... 
This one might work. 
Della nodded, her brain whirring at warp speed. 
"Hello, is this Nancy Barrymore? I'm Della.When I went to look for Larry yesterday, I heard two women arguing in the villa, but I didn't dare go in." 
On the phone, Della sounded exceedingly gentle.
Nancy was initially chagrined to hear her voice, but the moment she digested her words, she instantly went on alert. 
Two women? Joan should be alone in the villa, so what's going on here? Don't tell me Larry has a mistress out there?
###Chapter 2971
No, that's impossible! Larry has always loved Joan, and he didn't move on even when she has amnesia. 
"I'm going out for a bit, Jory!" 
As Nancy said that, she hung up the phone and rushed out after snagging her handbag on the sofa. 
Please be safe, Joan! Throughout the entire drive, anxiety gripped her. 
Knock, knock, knock! Out of the blue, knocking sounded on the door loud and clear. 
Well, this is strange. 
Who would come here? Joan frowned slightly as annoyance flooded her. 
"I'll go and open the door!" 
While saying that, Gabriella moved to open the door. 
"No, wait!" 
Joan instantly grabbed her arm. 
"Joan! It's me, Joan! Open up!" 
Nancy shouted while pounding on the door outside. 
When Joan heard her voice, she finally breathed easier. 
As she walked out, she asked loudly, "Why are you here?"
"Hurry up and open the door!" 
Hmm...this voice sounds rather familiar. 
A tad perplexed, Gabriella stared at the door. 
Right as Joan opened the door, Nancy charged in and spotted Gabriella. 
Sure enough, it's two women! What is Gabriella Ward trying to do here? She stalked over to Gabriella and regarded her coldly. 
"Why are you here? Tell me, what's your motive?" 
Huh? What's happening here? Gabriella was suddenly at a loss. 
What motive can I have? I just came to look for Larry and got acquainted with Joan by pure chance. 
That's all. 
"What are you doing, Nancy? Gabriella is my guest" 
Joan hurriedly explained as she nudged her gently. 
Her guest? Her enemy, more like! Oh God, she has forgotten everything in the past! Nonetheless, I still remember every single detail clear as day! 
"Who are you? Do I know you? Is there a misunderstanding of some sort between us?" 
Gabriella queried softly as she looked at the woman before her. 
Huh? What's she trying to do now? Is she imitating Joan and pretending to have amnesia as well? Damn it, this b*tch will really resort to any despicable means to attain her goal!
"Drop the act! Well? Why are you here? Also, let me warn you that you're not allowed to pick on Joan in the future!" 
Nancy snarled forcefully while thrusting a finger in her face. 
"What are you saying? Why would I pick on Joan when things are fine and dandy between us? Besides, what are you prattling about here?" 
Gabriella questioned with a pout on her lips. 
Prattling? Who exactly is prattling here? It's already merciful of me that I didn't kick you out, okay? Nancy glowered at her, rage blazing hot within her. 
Meanwhile, Della was rejoicing while watching everything in a corner near the villa entrance. 
"In a while, when Nancy Barrymore has dragged Gabriella Ward away, the two of you rush forward and grab Joan Watts? she ordered viciously, staring at the two men in front of her. 
"What are you doing? Stop pulling me!" 
Gabriella bellowed while struggling. 
"Good God, you're really an ill- mannered woman! Who exactly are you? You're so unladylike, running your mouth the moment you came!" she continued chiding. 
At that, Nancy saw red.I'm unladylike? Fine, I'll show you what it means to be a true lady! Rolling up her sleeves, she started pushing Gabriella out. 
"Please stop doing this, Nancy.You're going overboard? Joan blurted with an anxious expression on her face, attempting to put a stop to it.What the hell? Who exactly is going overboard here? Ah, never
mind, it’s no use talking to her.After all, how could she remember everything this b*tch has done to her since she has amnesia? 
"Alright, don't intervene in this matter.Just stay at home, and I'll take her away.Don't worry, for I'm not going to hurt her.I'm just going to escort her home." 
As Nancy said that, she grabbed Gabriella’s hand and left the villa.
###Chapter 2972
As Joan stared at the two disappearing figures, her gaze radiating worry. 
Will Nancy really take Gabriella home? And they won't start arguing again midway, right? Ah, never mind. 
Although Nancy seems rather fierce, she's a reasonable person, so she probably won't make things too difficult for Gabriella. 
"Ahh!" 
Just when she turned around to return to the villa, her vision suddenly went dark, and she passed out. 
"Hey, slow down! Why are you in such a hurry? Besides, that's Larry's villa and not yours, so why are you so anxious about it?" 
Gabriella berated Nancy while they were on the road. 
"Hah! That's my business! What's it to you? Larry and Joan's relationship has just gotten better, yet you furtively came over to sabotage them!" 
Nancy muttered. 
Hey, I'm not sabotaging anything! I just wanted to see Larry! How was I supposed to know that he's not home? Gabriella's expression was aggrieved as she peered at the woman in front of her. 
"Who on earth are you? Why do you have such prejudice against me? Have I offended you in the past? Or are you jealous of my beauty?" she asked shyly as she touched her cheeks.
Pfft! Jealous of her beauty? Why is she so narcissistic? As far as her looks are concerned, it's already a great blessing if five men out of ten take a fancy to her! "Oh God, hurry up and leave! Also, don't come here again! This isn't the place for you!" 
Nancy snapped impatiently. 
Why can't I come here? Even Joan didn't kick me out! Gabriella pouted, her expression speaking volumes of her dissatisfaction. 
But then again, she doesn't appear to be an evil woman. 
So, why is she so hot-tempered? Well, it's might even match mine! "So, you're Nancy?" 
"Why?" 
Nancy questioned stonily. 
"Nothing. 
I just want to make friends with you.’ Make friends? With her? Forget it! She might just stab me in the back one day! Nancy immediately waved a dismissive hand at her, turning her down. 
Is she for real? She's actually declining my offer of friendship? Gabriella gaped at the woman before her in bafflement, feeling mystified. 
After all, tons of people were interested in making friends with her in this world. 
Thud! Joan was roughly shoved to the corner of the wall in a room. 
Where is this place? Joan widened her eyes and darted her gaze around, only to be greeted by pitch darkness.
She couldn't see a single thing. 
Good grief, who kidnapped me this time? Della Duff? All at once, alarm bells started ringing in Joan's head.She curled into herself and huddled there in the corner with terror written all over her face. 
"Here, this water is for you! Pour it yourself!" 
A man abruptly swaggered in and placed a pot of water onto the table. 
Then, Joan was alone in the room once more. 
Ah well, it looks like the eatery will be a mere pipe dream. 
"We were talking about starting an eatery, but you simply had to kick me out the moment you arrived!" 
Gabriella griped softly in the car. 
Hmm? An eatery? Hearing that, Nancy gulped, and her eyes lit up at once. 
Not only was she well acquainted with Joan's cooking, but she also had no willpower in the face of delicious food. 
"Don't you want to enjoy Joan's cooking as well?" the woman beside her deliberately teased as she kept shifting closer. 
Of course, I do! That's a no-brainer when Joan's cooking is unrivaled! What a pity! I should've eaten at her place before leaving. 
‘‘We've even decided on her being responsible for the menu, while I'll be responsible for the money and taste testing.
Oh my God, if they really do open an eatery, I'll then get to eat Joan's cooking! 
"How did the two of you suddenly come up with the idea of starting an eatery?" 
Nancy promptly queried. 
Both the woman in front of her and Joan had lost their memories, so it wasn't entirely out of the realm of possibility for them to discuss starting an eatery. 
"Well, I love eating! Furthermore, every woman likes to eat.If we start an eatery, the business will definitely flourish! But for some reason, I can't shake off the feeling that Joan seems hesitant"
###Chapter 2973
Gabriella dropped her head and replied diffidently.She truly desired to start an eatery with Joan, yet the latter seemed to have a different idea in mind. 
Meanwhile, Nancy caressed her chin and lost herself in thought. 
Should I invest in the eatery they're talking about? If that's the case, I get to enjoy the delicacies Joan prepares at no additional cost, right? Gabriella rushed over and wrapped her arm around the chuckling Nancy. 
Curious, she asked, "Care to share whatever you're up to again?" 
"H-Huh? O-Oh! I was just wondering if you guys need another partner? I'm keen to invest as well!" 
"Sure! I mean, why not? Let's start an eatery and enjoy all sorts of delicacies together!" 
Nancy responded with a smirk because they seemed to have the same idea in mind—they wanted to enjoy delicacies prepared by Joan for free. 
"Let's head over and meet Joan in person!" 
Once she made up her mind, she dragged Gabriella with her and headed the other way. 
They seemed to have moved on from the grudges they once held against one another as they had one thing in common-—they were foodies. 
Marching into the villa, Nancy raised her volume and asked, "Joan, are you going to start an eatery with Gabriella?"
As Nancy started surveying the villa, she wondered if something was wrong because Joan had left the door untended. 
"Joan?" 
In spite of another attempt to reach Joan, her effort was to no avail because she did not receive any response. 
All of a sudden, the duo's minds were all over the place. 
Gabriella, who was next to Nancy, whispered, "Nancy, has something bad happened to Joan?" 
"Shut up! Joan is fine! What can possibly happen to her?" 
Once she finished her rhetorical question, she sprinted to Joan's room upstairs. 
They searched high and low, including the kitchen, the washroom, the yard, and the living room. 
Unfortunately, Joan was nowhere to be seen. 
Nancy couldn't stay calm anymore, so she reached for her phone and made a call. 
When the call got through, she asked with a quivering voice, "J-Jory, what should I do? Joan is missing!" 
Jory, who was on the other end, sprang up from the couch with a darkened expression. 
Although he had always deemed Larry and Joan's issues a pain in the ass, he would not hesitate to offer his help whenever they were in trouble. 
"Nancy, can you calm down? Why don't you tell me your current location? I'll head over immediately and see if there's anything we can do about it."
Once he delivered his instruction, he headed out after retrieving his jacket. 
Soon, he reached the villa and pulled over in front of the entrance. 
As Jory catapulted into the villa, he yelled, "What's going on? Where's Joan? Where has she gone?" 
Weeping, Nancy explained, "We were here quite some time ago. 
However, Joan disappeared once we made our way back after leaving for a short while" 
Gabriella? Why is she here? Since when did she return? Gabriella would never drop by Joan's place unless she's up to no good. 
Is she here to cause trouble because she knows that Larry is currently away? Jory started emanating an intimidating aura after sizing up the woman next to Nancy with a skeptical look. 
He felt that Joan's disappearance had something to do with Gabriella because of the malicious things she had done in the past. 
On top of that, it seemed suspicious that she showed up here after Joan disappeared. 
Striding his way to Gabriella’s side, he asked in a callous tone, "Why are you here? Since when did Joan disappear? Are you the one behind this?" 
Huh? Are they implying that I'm the one who caused Joan's disappearance? Gabriella's face puckered in irritation. 
Do I look like 1 would do such a thing? Nancy rushed over to the man’s side and whispered, "It's not Gabriella's fault. 
She only just found out that Joan is missing.
Besides, she has lost her memories" 
Seriously? Why does this series of incidents seem like a part of a bigger scheme? Is she playing pretend in front of us again? I know her too well—she's willing to do anything to achieve her goats! However, Jory was wrong as Gabriella had lost her memories for real.
###Chapter 2974
Gabriella rebuked in a petulant manner, "Hey, who the hell do you think you are to yell at me when I'm Joan's best friend? Why the heck would I abduct her? You sure don't seem like someone who would talk that way! Stop accusing me of things I have never done!" 
She didn't bother to hold back since the person in front of her was a man. 
Oh? I guess she has gotten better with her words after spending her time abroad, huh? Jory glanced at her with a skeptical look and turned around to ask Nancy, "Are you certain that Joan disappeared prior to your arrival?" 
Nancy merely nodded in response to Jory's query as she broke down in tears. 
Irked by Nancy's crying, Gabriella yelled at her, "Hey, stop crying already.It's not going to help! We need to get going and search for Joan immediately!" 
She's right! We don't have time to spare! We need to find out Joan's whereabouts as soon as possible! Otherwise, she's going to be in grave danger! 
"I have already dispatched a team to look for her.Has any surveillance system been installed in the villa?" 
Jory directed another question at the duo. 
Surveillance system? As a thought struck Nancy, she wiped her tears dry and sprinted into one of the storerooms. 
Previously, Larry had told her that if anything were to happen to Joan, she could access the surveillance system to find Joan's whereabouts.
Shortly after they barged into the storeroom, they saw from the surveillance footage that Joan was rendered unconscious by a team of mysterious men. 
They could only see the abductors through the surveillance camera in the yard because the ones at the entrance were faulty. 
It was unfortunate as they couldn't see the abductors’ faces clearly. 
It was a tricky situation. 
After much consideration, Jory made up his mind to inform Dustin of the incident. 
Once Dustin picked up the call and learned of everything, he yelled in return, "Why was she abducted out of the blue?" 
As Dustin got dressed, Abelyn, who was next to him, smirked and gloated over Joan's misfortune. 
Wow! Has she been abducted again? I guess God must be on my side! Joan, just how miserable can your life get? 
"Abelyn, let's hurry up and head out to find Joan!" 
She stopped Dustin the moment he tried to drag her out with him. 
He turned around and asked with a concerned look, "What's wrong?" 
"Dustin, I'm not really feeling well.Why don't you go ahead without me?" 
Abelyn made something up to dissuade him. 
"Alright, if that's the case, go take a nap or do something that's going to make you feel better.If you can't take it anymore, head over to the hospital immediately."
Dustin departed after he delivered his instruction. 
Ha! I knew it! Joan has always been the only one he cares about! Sneering, Abelyn turned around and returned to the couch. 
She found herself pitiable because she was nothing more than a fool who had wasted her time taking care of a man who was head over heels in love with another woman. 
Truth be told, Dustin merely considered Joan a close acquaintance of his. 
Abelyn was the one he truly cared about, yet she wasn't aware of the affection he had for her. 
Joan, it's about time for you to leave us alone! It's better if you're dead! Narrowing her eyes while looking out the window, Abelyn’s expression was filled with murderous intent as she secretly prayed for Joan's demise. 
"Have you found her? What about Larry? Have you informed him?" 
Dustin asked while panting for breath the moment he reached the trio. 
Nancy replied in a barely audible voice, "He's currently away for a work trip." 
Gabriella, who was next to Nancy, added, "Luck isn't on our side because we couldn't gather any intel on Joan's whereabouts just yet." 
When Dustin noticed Gabriella's presence, he marched over and sized her up with a skeptical look. 
"Gabriella? Why are you here?" 
What the heck is happening? Who are all these people who seem to be my friends? The embarrassed woman caressed her hair timidly and asked in a hushed voice, "Do you know me as well?"
###Chapter 2975
What kind of joke is this? 
Who on earth in town hasn't heard of the notorious Gabriella? She could easily intimidate others just with the mention of her name back in the day. 
Dustin glared at her as a look of wariness crept up on his face, yet she misperceived the man's intention. 
He's so handsome! Delighted, she stared at him and wondered if he had a girlfriend. 
Gabriella dragged Nancy aside and queried, "Hey, you know him, don't you?" 
Nancy stared at the woman in puzzlement. 
What is she up to again? Hence, she replied in a deadpan tone, "I do." 
"Does he has a girlfriend?" 
Gabriella nudged Nancy and asked with reddened cheeks. 
I can't believe it! Has she fallen for Dustin? Has she given up on Larry? Seriously? Well, I guess she has really lost her memories. 
Nancy tapped on Gabriella's head and said, "You should give up on him because he's not available anymore" 
Subsequently, Gabriella grasped the hem of her shirt and pursed her lips in disappointment because she knew she wouldn't stand a chance.
Nancy grinned in amusement as she thought it might be a blessing in disguise for Gabriella to lose her memories. 
"How's it going?" 
The question was directed at the person on the other end of the call once Jory picked up the call. 
"Mr.Synder, please forgive me for being frank, but there's nothing much we can do when we have so limited intel" 
Dustin was aware that it was an impossible mission, but he had to carry on with the search and rescue operation since Larry and Caspian were away. 
Nancy announced, "Larry is already on his way back.We just have to hang on until his return." 
Judging by the fact that Gabriella didn't feel anything when she heard them mentioning Larry, it was safe to assume that she no longer had a thing for him. 
Meanwhile, Joan, who was lying on the ground in a room, had a pale and haggard look.She had spent the past two days in the same room, yet the mastermind was nowhere to be seen. 
Is she afraid of showing herself? Joan sneered in a contemptuous manner. 
Are you going to torture me until the day Larry chooses you over me? What a joke! Do you really consider yourself the heiress of a renowned family when you can't even uphold your promise? The man at the entrance asked in a hushed voice, "How is she?" 
The bodyguard leaned over and whispered, "She refused to consume the food and water we gave her." 
"Great! She doesn't have to waste her time and effort dealing with this shameless woman anymore!"
The man departed once he finished his sentence. 
She? Is he talking about Della? Apart from her, I can't think of anyone else capable of getting them to do her biddings! How cruel of her... 
Torrents of grief streamed down her cheeks when she thought about it. 
Meanwhile, Della asked the man who had just returned, "How's she?" 
The man replied, "The bodyguard told me she refused to consume the food we gave her" 
Wonderful! it's better if she starves to death! Then I won't have to go through the hassle of taking her out!Please don't let me down, Joan! Della's eyes glinted with a strong murderous intent. 
Joan had been warned to stay away from Della and the food she might bring her. 
Thus, she wondered if the food on the table had been spiked or not. 
I won't give up just yet! Growl... 
Joan caressed her tummy when it started growling, looking pitiable.She was still looking forward to establishing an eatery with Gabriella.
###Chapter 2976
After the bodyguard handed her some food, he yelled, "Hurry up and finish it up if you wish to live!" 
Joan felt a strong urge to devour the scrumptious- looking meal she had been served, yet she pushed it aside and asserted with a determined look, "No! I'm not hungry!" 
I'd rather starve myself to death than be poisoned to death. 
Irritated by her response, the man delivered a powerful kick to Joan before making his way out of the room. 
The bodyguard outside asked, "How did it go? Did she consume anything?" 
"No! We'll just let her starve to death then!" 
Joan could hear the conversation between the vicious bodyguards at the entrance. 
Della, since you want me dead, why bother hiding behind the scene? When will Larry return? Can I survive until the day he's back? As she thought about it, her eyes flickered in disappointment. 
After she gathered her thoughts, she got increasingly melancholic as she surveyed the surroundings. 
Having gone through countless mishaps in her life, she could no longer stand it.She wondered how long she would be able to survive if this went on. 
Can I even make it out alive? Once Larry showed up, he asked in an icy tone, "Nancy, have you checked the surveillance system?" 
He had no time to reprimand anyone because Joan's safety was his sole priority.
Nancy looked elsewhere and replied apologetically, "Yes, but we couldn't see their faces because the surveillance cameras around the entrance were broken." 
She felt guilty because Larry had entrusted Joan in her care, but the woman ended up getting abducted. 
"Larry!" 
Caspian and Jessica came rushing into the villa after a short while. 
Jessica sprinted over to Nancy's side and grasped her hand, asking anxiously, "Have you guys found Joan?" 
Nancy shook her head in silence while Jessica stomped her feet in anger and blamed herself, "I shouldn't have made the trip!" 
Larry looked out the window and wondered if Della was the mastermind behind the incident, clenching his fists in rage. 
Or could it be Abelyn? Speaking of which, where's Abelyn? Dustin, Jory, Nancy, Caspian, and Jessica are all here! So why isn't she here? When he thought about it, he glanced around the spacious living room in an attempt to locate the missing woman. 
As he shifted his gaze to Dustin, he asked, "Where's Abelyn?" 
"She's currently in the hospital because she's not feeling well" 
Dustin answered Larry's query as though it wasn't a big deal. 
If she's in the hospital, Della is the only culprit I can think of! Immediately, Larry reached for his phone and made a call.
He asked indifferently once his call was picked up, "Where are you?" 
Della was thrilled by Larry's call, replying, "Do you need anything from me? I'm currently home!" 
"I'll tell you once we meet in person" 
Having said that, Larry hung up the call. 
In the café, Della, who had taken a seat at the corner, started stirring her coffee out of boredom. 
She raised her head and looked the man in the eye, asking directly, "What brings you here?" 
Although she knew that Larry had approached her because of Joan, she couldn't wait to see how he was going to make her talk. 
Della's lips curved upwards unwittingly, forming a vicious smirk. 
"Why have you abducted Joan? Have I not made myself clear? If you lay a finger on her again, I won't forgive you!" 
Larry cut the small talk and went straight to the point. 
Della kept her guard up upon hearing his words.He had always been a man of his words. 
All this while, he had refrained from laying a finger on her because of her father. 
Does that mean he's going to stop going soft on me? Della raised her head and peered into the eyes of the man in front of her with a diffident look. 
If he comes after me, what am I supposed to do? I don't stand a chance against him with my limited resources and capabilities!
###Chapter 2977
Clink! Suddenly, Della dropped her spoon, evidently intimidated by him. 
Larry's eyes gleamed with wickedness as he knew that the relatively inexperienced woman in front of him was no match for him. 
He glared at her and pressed on, "When are you going to send her back?" 
Damon it! He's trying to force me into submission! She put on an innocent front as she rebuked, "Larry, did anything happen to Joan? What are you talking about? I don't understand anything you said!" 
It wasn't much of a challenge for her to play dumb. 
I guess there is a reason she's not to be underestimated, huh? She's not that capable, yet she’s quite the expert when it comes to putting on a show! Glaring at the pretentious woman, Larry repeated his question indifferently, "I'm going to repeat myself for one last time.When are you going to send Joan back?" 
Della was stupefied by the man's ferocious glare.She had seen it before, so she knew that he had been suppressing his wrath, but he was about to lose his cool. 
Panic-stricken, Della started shivering uncontrollably. 
No! I can't admit that I have abducted Joan! Otherwise, he's going to hold a grudge against me! 
"I'll give you three days to send her back.If she shows up within three days, I'll forget about this incident and consider it a short getaway"
"However, if I fail to see her after three days, I'll wage war against you! Della, I'm warning you for the last time! I won't tolerate you anymore!" 
Having said that, he got up from his seat and departed. 
Gaping at the man's leaving figure, Della was overwhelmed by waves of emotions. 
No matter what I do, it will never be good enough for him. 
Meanwhile, once Larry walked out of the café, he boarded a car across the street. 
Closing his eyes, he took a deep breath to regain his composure. 
He found himself pathetic because he had been helping Della resolve the issues that had befallen her company. 
But she, on the other hand, wouldn't stop harming the woman he loved. 
After Della picked up the call, her father yelled at her, "Della, have you abducted Joan? Hurry up and set her free!" 
"Dad, what are you talking about? I don't get it!" 
She was about to hang up the call, but her father started coughing vigorously and reprimanded her, "You're such an ungrateful brat! Larry has gone the extra miles for you and our family, yet you're doing the exact opposite for him!" 
What does he mean? What has Larry done for us? Why am I not aware of the things Dad's talking about? Della arched her brows in confusion. 
"Make your way back at once! I'll tell you everything in person!"
Once he made himself clear, Fred hung up the call. 
There must be something they're hiding from me! At that thought, Della turned the car around and headed home. 
In the meantime, Fred, who was in the living room, massaged his temples in an attempt to calm himself down. 
Why is that brat always causing trouble! The moment Della reached home, she heard her father coughing vigorously. 
At once, she rushed into the living room and asked, "Dad, are you okay—" 
Slap! She was slapped in the face before she could finish her sentence. 
"Have you no shame at all? Aren't you aware of the things Larry has done for our sake?" 
Fred shouted at the top of his lungs. 
The things Larry has done? Della's confusion was written all over her face. 
"Don't you know that he made the trip abroad because of our company? I sent him there because I wasn't in the condition to make the trip and you're not capable enough to resolve the issue!" 
Suddenly, a grim expression loomed over her face when she found out that Larry had been helping her family behind her back.
###Chapter 2978
Fred went on and on to explain the reason Larry was dispatched, yet Della couldn't be bothered to listen anymore.She felt a strong urge to meet Larry in person to sort things out once and for all. 
Why has he been keeping me in the dark? Why did he choose to bear such humiliations? Couldn't Dad settle the issue himself? "Dad, why did you ask him to resolve the company's issue? Why couldn't you make the trip?" 
Della turned around and confronted Fred. 
Actually, Fred had dispatched Larry abroad on his behalf because he wanted those in the industry to get familiar with him. 
After all, it was only a matter of time before Larry inherited the company. 
Fred shook his head and heaved a long sigh. 
If his useless daughter were half as good as Larry, he wouldn't have taken such an extreme countermeasure. 
Coughing, Fred repeated his instructions, "Hurry up and set Joan free! Also, stay away from her in the future!" 
Wait! Joan's meal has been spiked! Oh, God! Please tell me she hasn't consumed any of those! Immediately after she retrieved her phone, she made a call and instructed, "Stop spiking Joan's meal and get her something else to eat! If anything happens to her, all of you will have to bear the consequences!"
The moment she hung up the call, she headed in the direction of the entrance, praying that Joan was doing fine. 
It's all my fault! I shouldn't have schemed against them before knowing the truth! Please allow me to atone for my sins, Larry! At that moment, Della's leaving figure seemed so pitiable. 
Meanwhile, Joan couldn't endure her hunger any longer. 
When she was about to savor the meal she had been served, a man barged into the room and knocked everything onto the ground. 
"Ms.Watts, please don't consume any of those! We'll be serving you something else soon!" 
He lifted her up and brought her back to the couch before switching on all the sources of illumination available in the room. 
Joan grasped her shirt and muttered in a barely audible voice, "I-I'm so hungry... 
"We'll get you something to eat soon.Please hold on for another few minutes." 
What's going on with Ms.Duff? A few hours ago, she wanted her dead, yet now she has changed her mind and instructed us to keep her alive for no apparent reason. 
The confused man was lost in thoughts, trying to comprehend the rationale behind Della's sudden change of mind. 
As another man strode into the room, he hurriedly said, "Here you go!" 
"Miss, please have a glass of water!" 
Wait a minute! Is something wrong with them? Is this an attempt to lure me into another trap? She cast a skeptical gaze at the men in front of her and started wondering the reason behind their sudden
change of behavior. 
One of them broke the silence by explaining, "Ms.Watts, you don't have to worry because we were instructed to take good care of you.Please finish this as soon as possible.None of these are spiked." 
Who instructed them? Suddenly, Joan grasped the arm of one of the men. 
Glaring at him with a grim expression, she gasped out her question, "Tell me! Who's the mastermind behind this?" 
However, they were not allowed to reveal the secret to her. 
In an attempt to distract her, one of them handed over the plate of food to her and suggested, "Ms.Watts, please hurry up and finish this.Otherwise, I'm afraid you won't be able to stand the journey home’ The journey home? Am I not supposed to be kept imprisoned? What sort of joke is this? Are they trying to mess with me again? No! I need to find out the mastermind's identity! She needed to confirm whether Della was the mastermind behind the abduction. 
Only then could she confront the woman in person. 
Joan wanted to ask Della whether it was worth it to tarnish her image for a man who would never reciprocate her affection for him. 
"Miss, why don't you finish this first?" 
After the man suggested for one last time, he left the room. 
Once again, Joan was left alone. 
The helpless woman's eyes started brimming with tears as she stared at the ceiling.
She felt a strong urge to cry, yet she didn't have the strength to cry anymore. 
What have I done to deserve this? Is it my fault that Larry loves me? At that thought, she let out a self- deprecating sneer.
###Chapter 2979
Della instructed the man next to her, "Get in touch with Larry and ask him to come over and pick her up immediately!" 
"Yes!" 
The man reached for his phone and made the call as instructed. 
Her assistant shared his concern with her, "Miss, what exactly are you up to? Aren't you afraid of exposing yourself?" 
"Larry won't be able to trace this phone number; Della replied nonchalantly. 
At that moment, her only concern was Joan's wellbeing. 
Although Larry doesn't have a thing for me, I can't possibly ignore the fact that our family is indebted to him! Why hasn't he mentioned anything about it? Della wouldn't have schemed against Joan over and over again if she were aware of the things Larry had done for her family. 
After the man hung up the call, he informed, "Miss, I have told Larry to come over to pick Joan up." 
"Get rid of that phone immediately.Also, I want you to head abroad for the time being." 
Della gave her assistant a wave. 
Following that, he handed the man a check. 
In Larry's office, Caspian asked anxiously, "Larry, have you figured out Joan's whereabouts?" 
"Yes! I'm on my way to pick her up!"
Once he retrieved his blazer, he marched out of his office. 
Caspian stopped Larry and yelled, "No! I can't allow you to go there on your own! It's way too dangerous! Perhaps they're up to something else!" 
"It will be fine.But I want all of you to be on standby just in case I need reinforcement." 
Larry was running out of patience as he was in a hurry to rescue Joan. 
The moment Larry barged into the room, Joan had passed out on the couch due to starvation and dehydration.She refused to consume the food and water she had been served. 
"Joan!" 
Larry shrieked once he saw her. 
"Wake up, Joan! Stay with me!" 
He shook her arm in an attempt to wake her up, yet his effort was to no avail. 
Without a second thought, he held her in his arms and dashed out of the room. 
The hospital was packed with patients due to the drastic change in weather over the past few days. 
Hence, the doctors and nurses were all occupied. 
Jessica strode over and asked, "Larry, how is everything? Is Joan fine?" 
How can she possibly be fine? Judging by her pale and haggard look, it's evident that she has not consumed anything in the past few days! Creak! The door was opened, and the doctor walked out of the operating theater.
Grasping the doctor's arms, the anxious man asked, "Doctor, is she okay?" 
Sighing, the doctor shook his head and declared in a serious manner, "The patient is not doing well, but she's no longer in danger.She has to have adequate rest for the next few days’" 
"Alright.As long as she's no longer in danger, it's fine!" 
Larry muttered to himself and stared at the woman on the hospital bed.He felt guilty for not being able to keep her safe. 
"Larry, you need to stop blaming yourself.Haven't you heard the doctor? She's going to be fine." 
Jessica tried to console him, but she knew nothing she said could make him feel better. 
It was unfortunate that the young woman had to go through countless obstacles just because of the man's love for her. 
Jessica took a peek at Larry and did not say another word. 
Ail this wouldn't have happened if Della hadn't insisted on marrying him. 
Sometimes, it would do more bad than good when a man was overly attractive. 
Perhaps he would even unwittingly put his loved ones at stake. 
Shortly, Dustin, Jory, and Nancy showed up in the ward and surrounded Joan. 
Concerned about her condition, Nancy asked, "Is everything fine?" 
Is it necessary to have so many people around her when she's barely hurt? Abelyn, who was there as well, got jealous as she thought they were overreacting.
###Chapter 2980
Why does she get all the attention from everyone whenever something trivial happens to her? She doesn't deserve it! Abelyn concealed her frustration and murmured, "She's not going to regain consciousness anytime soon, is she?" 
"If you're exhausted, why don't you head back first?" 
Jessica remarked sarcastically as she had had enough of Abelyn's pretentious behavior. 
Abelyn immediately explained herself, "Jessica, what do you mean? Joan is my good friend as well!" 
Are you really telling me that you consider Joan your good friend? Why does it feel like you're the next in line to sabotage her? Jessica scowled at the pretentious woman. 
"Argh... 
Suddenly, Joan's face scrunched up in pain before she opened her eyes. 
Larry held her hand and asked, "Joan, are you feeling better now?" 
When Joan saw that Larry was right next to him, she couldn't hold back her tears anymore. 
Knowing what she had gone through, her friends looked at her with sympathy. 
Poor girl! She got abducted again and again! Yet, she has never complained about her misfortunes. 
Jessica heaved a long sigh, feeling bad for Joan. 
Slouching against the man's chest, she exclaimed, "You're finally back!" 
"You don't have to be afraid anymore.I'll always be here for you!"
A few days later, Joan was discharged from the hospital. 
When Della found out that Joan was still alive, she felt a sense of relief.Her assistant asked her out of curiosity, "Miss, why did you change your mind at the last minute?" 
Della was looking out the French windows with a darkened expression. 
Thank God Joan is fine! Otherwise, I'm going to have a hard time explaining myself! Previously, she could have taken Joan out with ease, but she found out that she was indebted to Larry and felt obliged to reciprocate his kindness. 
In the future, Larry would take over the company on her behalf until she was ready to assume the role as the company's successor. 
Her assistant asked, "Ms.Duff?" 
Della instructed in a flat tone, "Huh? Oh! I want everyone to refrain from trying anything silly from now onwards.Let's uphold our respective duties and stay away from Larry and Joan" 
Her assistant's eyes widened in disbelief. 
What the heck? Am I hearing things or what? She had gone to great lengths just to take Joan out, yet she's now instructing us to stay away from her! Does that mean she's giving up on Larry? Since her assistant went dead silent, Della turned around and repeated her instructions with a determined look, "Have you heard me? I want you to stop making decisions on my behalf and stay away from Joan." 
"Yes!" 
Her assistant walked out of the office after taking note of her instructions.
All this while, Della had refrained from visiting Joan in the hospital, but since the latter had been discharged, she thought it was about time to pay her a visit. 
After she touched up on her look and retrieved her phone, she walked out of her office. 
Knock! Knock! Larry and Joan were making out on the couch when the knocking interrupted their session. 
Joan's face flushed as she offered, "I'll go answer the door!" 
"Wait! Stay right here.I'll get it!" 
He pulled her back to the couch and got up from his seat. 
Once he opened the door, he asked in a callous tone, "Why are you here?" 
What is she up to again? His irritation was written all over his face as he started sizing her up while keeping his guard up. 
"I-I have dropped by to visit Joan.I heard that she was discharged a few days ago." 
Della handed over the basket of fruits she brought along to Larry.
###Chapter 2981
Is she seriously here to visit Joan? What has gotten into her mind? Wasn't she the one behind Joan's misery? How dare she drop by to visit her? Wait! is this part of her scheme? When that particular thought crossed Larry's mind, he stopped her at the entrance. 
Consequently, Della responded with an awkward smile.It was evident that she wasn't welcomed there. 
"Who is it?" 
Joan walked over, but the moment she saw Della at the entrance, she unwittingly took a few steps back. 
Horrified by Della's presence, Joan couldn't help but wonder if the woman at the entrance was there to harm her again. 
"Joan, I'm here to visit you;’ Della immediately explained the reason she had dropped by. 
What does she want from me? Why is she so concerned about me all of a sudden? She must be up to something again! Joan urged Larry in a soft voice, "Why don't you let her in?" 
With that, Della forced a smile and made her way into the office. 
"Are you feeling better yet?" 
Della asked in a sincere tone while she approached Joan. 
This time, it wasn't a pleasantry as she was genuinely concerned about Joan's condition. 
"Thanks for asking.I guess I should consider myself lucky because I'm still alive,"
Joan replied with a good- natured remark, curious about what the woman before her was up to. 
"Joan, please forgive me for the things I have done.I was young and ignorant back then.Allow me to express my utmost apologies." 
Uh... 
What on earth is happening? Gaping at the duo's conversation, Larry got on his guard instantly. 
Della's apologizing to Joan? He had never seen Della admitting her flaws and mistakes in front of others, yet she showed up out of nowhere and begged for Joan's forgiveness. 
Subsequently, the eyes of the confused man narrowed to a slit while a suspicious look crept up on his face. 
What exactly is Della up to again? More importantly, what's wrong with Joan? Why did she allow Della to join us when she knows that the woman is up to no good? "I guess it's time to move on from the past.It's not a bad idea to let bygones be bygones" 
Joan muttered her reply. 
If she truly means it, I don't mind burying the hatchet. 
However, if it's merely part of her trick to lure me into another trap, I won't forgive her! That said, Joan had a hard time telling whether Della was being sincere due to her seemingly flawless act. 
She's a natural-born actor, huh? A few minutes ago, she was so cheery when she showed up at our doorstep, yet she's looking sullen and remorseful now. 
"Are you sincerely apologizing?" 
Larry glanced at Della and deadpanned his question.
Della added, "Yes, Mr.Norton! I'm here to apologize for the things I have done to Joan in the past.Please forgive me.On top of that, allow me to express my utmost gratitude for the aid you have provided my family and our company" 
Since when has he done her any favor? Clueless, Joan turned around and cast a skeptical gaze at Larry. 
I guess Mr.Duff has told her everything. 
Once Larry figured out the reason behind her sudden change in behavior, he nodded in acknowledgment. 
At least she has a conscience. 
"Larry, nothing I say can possibly undo my mistakes, but I hope you can forgive me; Della dropped her head and apologized with a look of guilt. 
As someone who had always known right from wrong, she would refrain from doing anything extreme to win Larry over. 
Clenching her fists with all her might, the anxious woman thought she must have lost her mind back then. 
Otherwise, she wouldn't have done such unforgivable things to them. 
Since Della seemed genuinely remorseful, Larry responded with a relieved grin. 
Perhaps Fred did the right thing. 
As long as she can learn from her mistakes, there's still hope for her.
"Your father will be proud of you as long as you refrain from causing him any trouble and focus on improving the company's condition.Also, your father needs you more than ever before.Please keep him company if it's possible," 
Larry added while giving Della a meaningful look.
###Chapter 2982
Fred might have told her about their company's condition. 
However, there was a huge probability that he had yet to reveal his actual physical condition to his beloved daughter. 
After all, no parent would want their child to worry about them. 
However, it might be too late should he continue keeping her in the dark. 
Larry narrowed his eyes and looked out the window, wondering if he should tell Della everything about Fred. 
Della tapped on his shoulder and asked, "Larry, is something bothering you?" 
"Are you aware of your father's actual condition?" he replied with another question. 
When she heard him, she lowered her gaze. 
She recalled that the maids had once vaguely mentioned something about her father's condition. 
Does Larry know about it? After she took a deep breath to gather her thoughts, she mustered her courage and asked in a determined tone, "Larry, can you tell me everything you know about my father's condition?" 
Great! That's the way she's supposed to behave as the heiress of a renowned family! No matter what is in store for her, she should brace herself for the upcoming challenges! "Alright, I'll tell you everything." 
Having said that, he headed over and took a seat next to her.
Staring at the duo in the living room, Joan's mind was all over the place, but it wasn't because Larry was sitting next to another woman. 
Instead, she was anxious on Della's behalf. 
Although they had merely been together for some time, she knew that he wouldn't put on such a serious front unless it was a big deal. 
"No way! What kind of joke is this?" 
All of a sudden, Della sprang up from her seat and yelled, "My father’s a healthy man! He has only been coughing!" 
"Della, coughing is merely one of the many symptoms of his illness. 
To be precise, it's something much more serious than just coughing." 
Although she knew that Larry wouldn't lie to her, she had a hard time embracing the truth. 
In fact, she even wished that it was merely a lie. 
She stuttered her reply, "L-Larry, tell me you have been lying! You're merely trying to intimidate me, aren't you? I promise you that I'll work hard from now onwards! Please tell me it's a lie!" 
No! Larry must be lying to me! I'm sure Dad is fine! Immediately after she retrieved her bag on the couch, she catapulted in the direction of the entrance. 
When she was merely one step away from the entrance, Larry yelled, "Della, can you stop deceiving yourself? You know better than anyone else that I have been telling the truth!" 
Joan rushed over to his side and grasped his arm, urging with an anxious look, "There's no need to be so harsh to her.Can't you talk about it nicely?"
Della slumped against the couch and lowered her head, her eyes brimming with tears. 
Weeping, she made up her mind to pull herself together and support her father on the road to recovery. 
After she wiped her tears dry, she announced, "Larry, I'll get the best doctor in the industry to tend to him! I will try everything I can to turn the tables around!" 
Larry heaved a sigh of relief and responded with a proud grin. 
That's the Della I know! Truth be told, he had always known that she was a good person in nature. 
Larry took note of her request and advised, "I'll try to help, but you need to keep in mind that you're the only one your father can rely on.So please stop infuriating him from now onwards." 
By then, Della had made up her mind to turn over a new leaf and stop acting recklessly. 
After she gathered her thoughts, she grabbed her bag and left. 
Thump! When someone pushed the door open and barged into the living room, Fred, who happened to be sitting on the couch, had the shock of his life. 
What is wrong with her? Why does she seem so anxious? Confused, Fred had his eyes glued to Della who was standing at the entrance. 
"Dad." 
Once Della rushed over to Fred's side, she took a seat next to him. 
He turned around and looked at her, asking anxiously, "What's wrong?" 
Della enunciated her reply determinedly, "Dad, I want to learn the proper way to manage the company!"
###Chapter 2983
Huh? Is she out of her mind? What's with this sudden change in behavior? Has she been scolded by Larry again? I guess I owe Larry a favor if he’s really the one behind it. 
For the first time, Fred felt proud of his daughter. 
Della repeated her request in a resolute tone, "Dad, if you're free, why don't you tell me the unspoken rules of the corporate world?" 
Although it seemed like she had changed for the better, Fred was afraid that it was only a spur-of-the- moment decision. 
Thus, he said, "I don't think you're clear-headed now.We'll carry on with the conversation when you've really thought it through" 
He got up from his seat and went upstairs after he turned down her request. 
How am I not clear-headed? I can't possibly act like everything is fine when your health has deteriorated to such a serious extent! She knew she had to prove to her father that she was being serious about the matter. 
Snuggling in Larry's arms, Joan asked, "Larry, why did you bring that matter up in front of her? Didn't Mr.Duff tell you to keep his condition confidential?" 
Heaving a long sigh, Larry asserted, "I know I'm supposed to honor my promise, but I can't possibly stay out of the matter.On top of that, he's going for another surgical operation soon” 
It wasn't wise to keep Della in the dark as it was her father's life that was at stake.
As the only one Fred could rely on, Della had to be made aware of her father's condition. 
"Della is a kind-hearted woman.Therefore, she definitely won't leave her father alone since he needs her by his side" 
Indeed, she seems like a spoilt brat, but in crucial times, she is still well aware of her obligations. 
Out of the blue, Joan said, "Actually, she's quite pitiable" 
"You have forgiven her?" 
Larry raised her chin and asked, his brows arched in confusion. 
Why not? She was just ignorant back then. 
Besides, she already has enough issues to deal with. 
When he caught a glimpse of her melancholic look, he knew that the woman had forgiven Della. 
Proud of his forgiving better half, he let out a smile. 
Later, he held her firmly in his arms and said, "I'm so sorry for the things you had to go through." 
Grinning, Joan closed her eyes as her lips curled into a smile. 
it doesn't matter as long as you are with me. 
Thereafter, the relationship between Della and the duo changed for the better. 
Meanwhile, Della started keeping an eye on her father. 
When she saw her father with a cup of ice cream in the living room, she sprinted over and snatched it away from him.
"Dad, you're not allowed to eat that!" 
He went after her and yelled, "Hey, it's not like I'm eating it on a daily basis! Give it back to me!" 
In return, Della offered, "Dad, how about I cook something for you? Actually, I have great culinary skills!" 
What? Since when did she learn to cook? What sort of culinary skills is she talking about? His brows furrowed in puzzlement as he had never seen her daughter in the kitchen. 
"I bet you're surprised, huh? I'll get going and start preparing immediately!" 
Della made her way into the kitchen after that. 
Although he was unsure of the reason she had turned into a different person overnight, Fred was touched by her change in attitude. 
He considered himself a lucky man because he was able to witness his daughter's transformation. 
Although Della no longer held a grudge against Joan, she didn't bother to explain everything to Abelyn. 
Hence, Abelyn was still bearing hatred toward Joan. 
Just when everyone thought Joan's life would finally return to normal, someone started plotting against her. 
Joan! Della might have given up, but not me! Abelyn's hands balled into fists while her face contorted in rage.
###Chapter 2984
Suddenly, Caspian barged into the office and gasped out the news, "Larry, something's wrong with Joan!" 
Larry jolted up from his seat and rushed out immediately after he retrieved his jacket. 
"What's wrong?" 
"A woman in the mall insisted that Joan has abducted her daughter." 
How is that possible? Joan would never do such a thing! Although she has always been fond of children, she would never take someone's child away! I think it's just another misunderstanding. 
Wait! ls someone scheming against her again? But Della is now on good terms with Joan. 
Who still holds a grudge against Joan? Gabriella?No! It's impossible because she has completely lost her memories! Gabriella, who was next to Joan, yelled, "Stop picking on us!" 
"Have you no shame? Stop embarrassing yourself already!" 
"Yeah! Can't you start a family with your husband or something?" 
"She must be out of her mind." The onlookers engaged in a heated discussion with contemptuous expressions while pointing fingers at Joan who was pushed to the ground. 
"Shut up! Have you guys not heard me? It's not Joan's fault! Someone's trying to frame her!" 
Gabriella yelled at the woman on their left.
Who gave them the audacity to utter such out blunt lies? I'll teach them a lesson and let them know their place! Irked, Gabriella placed her hands on her hips, emanating a menacing aura. 
"How can you blame this innocent woman over here when she's the victim?" 
"Ms.Ward, can you stop twisting the facts?" 
Shortly, the onlookers surrounded them, reprimanding Gabriella for defending the woman they deemed at fault. 
Infuriated by the insolent bunch’'s behavior, colors drained from Gabriella's face. 
They didn't bother to conduct their due diligence and acted as though they were the righteous ones. 
"Argh!" 
Joan shrieked in pain when someone kicked her. 
"Joan, are you okay?" 
Gabriella returned to her friend's side and asked concernedly. 
"I'm fine.We should get going immediately." 
She tried to bring herself up and leave the scene as soon as possible since no one would listen to her. 
"Where do you think you're going? Are you going to kidnap someone else's child again? Have you no shame at all? Shouldn't you be apologizing?" 
"She's right! You should apologize!"
Why should I apologize when I haven't done anything wrong? Joan grasped the hem of her shirt while her eyes were filled with indignation. 
When Joan was on the verge of breaking down, Gabriella warned the onlookers, "Stay out of our way! Joan is Larry's girlfriend! You're all going to get on his bad side!" 
However, they paid no heed to her words and thought it was another lie. 
"Ms. 
Ward, are you sure out of your mind? What's wrong with Larry? Why would he get into a relationship with a woman like this?" 
"That's right.We're talking about the almighty Larry! She doesn't deserve him!" 
In the end, the onlookers started picking on the duo for lying again. 
Joan felt awful and started doubting herself because of the onlookers' mean remarks. 
I'm not a member of any renowned family, but I have worked hard and given my best in life! I don't deserve to be humiliated like this! Suddenly, a familiar voice interrupted the onlookers. 
"Shut up!" 
Surprised by what she heard, Joan turned around and saw aman closing in from afar. 
Why is he here? The confused woman started sizing him up. 
Meanwhile, Jake repeated himself. 
"Have I not made myself clear? Get the hell out of our sights at once!"
Intimidated by the notorious man's warning, the crowd did as instructed and dispersed without further ado. 
After that, the man approached Joan and asked, "Are you okay?"
###Chapter 2985
Joan smiled timidly and shook her head in silence. 
Meanwhile, Jake was embarrassed by Gabriella's intense stare. 
Nudging her friend, Joan asked, "Gabriella, what are you doing?" 
"Huh? Oh! He's quite hot, so I couldn't look away..." 
Gabriella didn't bother to conceal her thoughts at all. 
I had never met such a blunt woman! Gabriella then initiated a handshake and greeted the man, "Hello, I'm Gabriella!" 
Oh? So she's Gabriella... 
Jake chuckled and returned the favor, greeting with a bright grin, "Hello, my name is Jake." 
He had heard of the things Gabriella had done to get the better of Joan. 
Thus, he was confused when he saw her defending Joan. 
Gabriella leaned toward Joan and whispered, "How are you guys related?" 
Has she always been a gossipmonger? Since Joan merely glanced at her in silence, she pouted her lips. 
"Hey, hurry up and tell me everything!" 
Joan whispered in return, "Sure.I'll tell you later"
Isn’t it obvious that he's a friend of mine? 
"Mr.Wilson, care to join us for a meal?" 
Gabriella brought up her request in a shy manner. 
What is she trying to do? Confused, Joan took another peek at the woman next to her. 
While she had been trying to stay away from the man, Gabriella actually asked him to join them for a meal. 
"Why don't you guys go ahead without me? I need to tend to something else." 
Suddenly, Jake broke the silence, asking rhetorically, "Come on! Are you telling us you don't even have time for a meal with us?" 
Joan was taken aback by his response. 
He's got a point. 
Why am I making things so awkward between us? On top of that, he seemed to have moved on from her for real. 
Meanwhile, Gabriella started growing suspicious of the relationship between Jake and Joan. 
She got increasingly befuddled the more she looked at the duo in front of her. 
Gabriella tapped on the man's shoulder and asked at the top of her lungs, "Hey Jake, have you picked on Joan before?" 
Judging by Gabriella's serious tone, Jake knew she wasn't putting up a show to deceive others.
It looks like she's genuinely treating Joan as her friend. 
With that, he smiled and shook his head in denial. 
"Aren't we having a meal together? Shall we get going already?" 
Joan dragged the woman next to her and walked out of the mall immediately. 
Coincidentally, once Larry got out of the car, he saw the trio, who were on their way out of the mall. 
What are they doing? Why is Jake right next to them? The man furrowed his brows in dissatisfaction. 
"Watch your head!" 
Jake urged while helping Joan get into his car. 
Instantly, Larry's expression darkened. 
What exactly is she up to? Why has she boarded the man's car when she's supposed to stay away from him? And what about Gabriella? Why did she tag along with them? "Larry, we—" 
Caspian, who had caught up to Larry, couldn't finish his sentence as he was surprised by what he saw as well. 
"Let's go after them and find out what they're up to!" 
Having said that, he returned to the car. 
Meanwhile, Caspian was on pins and needles. 
In the car, Gabriella started pestering the man.She asked, "Jake, do you have any cravings?"
Holy moly! She's so annoying! Jake took a peek at Joan and suggested with a smile, "Why don't we go get something both of you like?" 
He's quite thoughtful. 
Gabriella's lips curled into a satisfied smile. 
On the other hand, Joan remained silent and avoided Jake's gaze, looking out the window in a trance.
###Chapter 2986
"Joan, what's on your mind?" 
Gabriella asked the dazed Joan, but the latter couldn't hear her. 
Out of the blue, Gabriella yelled, "Joan!" 
Joan was taken aback, shuddering in shock. 
"Was it necessary for you to yell?" 
Jake reprimanded Gabriella. 
Afraid that Jake would lose his temper, Joan interrupted him by asking, "Yes, Gabriella? You were talking to me?" 
Gabriella was upset after the man raised his volume at her. 
She replied with her lips pursed, "I thought you were in a bad mood because you were spacing out." 
"Something crossed my mind" 
Joan replied awkwardly and scratched her head. 
What crossed her mind? Could it be Larry? Jake's expression darkened at that thought. 
Where is he when she needs him? Isn't he supposed to look out for her? He needs to stop being so irresponsible! After a short while, Gabriella muttered, "Joan, you need to talk about it with Larry once you're back."
What should we talk about? Is she referring to the incident at the mall? How am I supposed to bring up such an embarrassing incident? Joan heaved a long sigh. 
After the car was brought to a halt in front of a restaurant, they got out of the car. 
Are they going to have a meal together? Of all the people she could ask to join her for a meal, why did it have to be Jake? Couldn't she ask Caspian, Nancy, or Jessica? Larry got increasingly infuriated. 
"I think they're merely having a meal together.Why don't we head back for the time being? I'm sure she's going to explain everything once she's back." 
Caspian suggested tentatively in an anxious tone. 
Deep down, he was equally befuddled when he saw Jake joining Joan for a meal. 
Larry dismissed his suggestion and asserted in a serious tone, "No! I'll wait for her until she's done!" 
As the first to face Larry's wrath whenever something bad happened, Caspian secretly prayed that he would still be in one piece at the end of the day. 
Buzz! Buzz! Buzz! 
As soon as Larry picked up the call, Della's voice could be heard asking anxiously, "Larry, I have quite a few questions for you.Can you please drop by my office?" 
He knew she was referring to the issues pertaining to her company, and it made sense since she was a rookie corporate player. 
"Alright.Once he hung up the call, Larry instructed, "Let's make our way back to the company immediately"
"Joan, isn't that Larry's car?" 
Gabriella, who was seated next to the window, pointed at the car that was nearby. 
Joan turned around and followed her gaze.It's Larry's car! Why has he shown up here when he's supposed to be working? Is it a mere coincidence? She had a bad feeling about it and wondered if Larry had witnessed Jake heading into the restaurant with them. 
Jake knew what Joan was thinking about, but he merely smiled, sipping his coffee calmly. 
In fact, he had long found out that Larry's car was right behind theirs, yet he decided to play along with him. 
He was certain that Larry would be jealous since Joan was having a meal with him. 
Once they returned to the office, Caspian explained, "Larry, don't overthink the matter.It was merely a meal with friends.On top of that, Gabriella tagged along with them as well." 
However, nothing Caspian said could change the displeased man's mind. 
It didn't matter that Gabriella was there with them as all he could think about was the fact that Joan was with Jake. 
She knew the man harbored feelings toward her, yet she still got in touch with him!
###Chapter 2987
Caspian directed a question at him, "Larry, I heard that Jake had helped Joan out of the nasty situation where she was surrounded by onlookers in the mall.Don't you think it's only reasonable for her to buy him a meal to return the favor?" 
Suddenly, Larry went dead silent. 
Although Caspian's words made complete sense, he couldn't help feeling infuriated when he saw them together. 
Knowing what Larry was concerned about, Jessica chimed in, "But they haven't done anything, have they? So what are you so angry about?" 
She knew the man had a huge tendency to overthink things whenever Joan was involved.That said, it wasn't actually a bad thing. 
After all, Joan had been through all sorts of ups and downs in her life, so she deserved to have a caring man by her side. 
"Alright, just calm down.I'm leaving now" 
Having said that, Jessica prepared to leave the office. 
"Hey, hold on! Della needs someone to guide her.I don't think it's appropriate for me to meet her in her office.Can you head over on my behalf?" 
Larry stopped Jessica before she could make her way out.
Excuse me? Is he seriously expecting me to guide that damned woman? No way! We have never seen eye to eye! I will never give in to his request! "Sorry, but please send someone else over to guide her, Jessica turned him down without a second thought. 
I don't mind if someone else helps her, but I definitely won't do it. 
Larry was well aware of the grudge Jessica held against Della. 
"Jessica, she has already turned over a new leaf.Don't you think she deserves another chance?" 
Oh really? Even though Joan was almost dead because of her? Forget about it.I don't need a friend like her!Besides, I don't intend to get involved with those from the upper echelon. 
After all, I'm just an ordinary entrepreneur, and I can't afford to offend those bigshots. 
Larry headed over to the couch and sat down before he took a sip of tea. 
He knew it would be challenging to get others to accept Della because of the things she had done. 
However, he still hoped that they would give Della another chance. 
Tapping on Jessica's shoulder, he suggested, "Since Mr.Duff needs our help, why don't you consider doing him a favor by guiding Della?" 
Mr.Duff? He might be a reputable person, but does it have anything to do with me? On top of that, I don’t see any reason to do him the favor since I have no intention to collaborate with them. 
"No! If you want to do him a favor, why don't you volunteer yourself? I have quite a lot of things on my plate.So if you'd excuse me, I need to leave!" 
She got up from her seat to leave.
Well, I guess it's going to take quite a long time before they can get along with one another. 
They need to resolve their conflicts on their own. 
Not everyone is as understanding as Joan. 
Perhaps I should get Joan to talk to Jessica. 
Larry gestured for her to leave and said, "If that's the case, get going already.I need to take a break." 
At the sight of the seemingly worn-out man, Jessica felt a hint of guilt. 
She brought herself to a halt and started having second thoughts about her decision. 
Should I do him a favor and drop by Delia's office just for once? He raised his head and looked at Jessica, asking in a hushed voice, "What? Is there anything else you wish to talk about?" 
She replied, "I guess I'll drop by her office just this once, but I'm merely doing it for you, not her!" 
The man responded with a smirk as her response was exactly what he had expected. 
She added petulantly, "Also, don't forget to pay me since I have to take care of my bookstore too." 
Has she always been so money-minded? Chuckling, he reached for a random card from his wallet and cast it in her direction. 
"Here you go!" 
Jessica started jumping for joy and kissed the card. 
"Larry, you're awesome!"
###Chapter 2988
Why does she make it sound like I have never given her anything? I can't even recall the number of cards I have given her before this. 
But he shrugged the matter off as money was no issue to him. 
"I want you to behave yourself, okay? Don't get into a fight with Della!" 
"Why don't you tell Della to stop picking on me instead? I won't make things difficult for her if she doesn't try anything silly." 
Finally, Jessica walked out of Larry's office. 
Watching her leaving figure, a relieved smile crept up on his face. 
Jessica was actually a relatively simple-minded woman. 
All it would take to appease her whenever she was angry was a random present. 
However, if she was truly upset, nothing he gave her would possibly cheer her up. 
It was part of his plan to send her to guide Della, and he couldn't wait for the outcome of the meetup. 
Since both women were entrepreneurs and had similar life experiences, the chances of them collaborating in the near future were high. 
Most importantly, it would be good for Della to have Jessica's guidance since Fred's condition was unforeseeable.
Marching into Della’s office, Jessica announced the reason she was there, "Hey, Larry sent me here to answer your queries on his behalf" 
Della replied courteously, "Hello, Larry informed me of your arrival.Thank you so much for your time" 
Oh? Has she really turned over a new leaf? She has never been so courteous around us before! Is this merely another act of hers? Jessica started sizing the woman in front of her up. 
Instantly, she kept her guard up. 
Who knows what this woman is up to this time? Della went on to suggest, "Why don't you have a cup of tea? Thank you so much for coming here" 
Oh, God! Since when did she become so considerate? Jessica took a few steps back with an awkward smile on her face while goosebumps formed all over her body. 
Gazing at Jessica, Della opened up to her in a quivering voice, "You don't have to worry.I mean you no harm.I only asked you to come over because I need someone to answer my queries.Jessica, I'm sure you understand how I feel as a fellow woman.I'm horrified by the thought of my father leaving me." 
As someone who had a similar experience, Jessica knew how awful it felt. 
Her enmity toward Della finally dissolved when she felt the sincerity in the latter's words, and she started chatting with the woman. 
Truth be told, Jessica was surprised as Della turned out to be a workaholic, which was contrary to what she had expected. 
She had always perceived Della to be an arrogant good- for-nothing who couldn't do anything else apart from scheming against others.
Smiling, Jessica's eyes gleamed with surprise. 
"Do you mind explaining this in detail?" 
Della frowned and pointed at the part she was confused about. 
Jessica was glad that Della had turned over a new leaf. 
Hence, she didn't mind making friends with the latter. 
"In short, it's..." 
Since Jessica had joined the corporate world way before Della did, she knew the unspoken rules better than her. 
On the other hand, Della, who had wasted most of her time scheming against others, could barely recall the knowledge she once picked up. 
In the meantime, Joan paced back and forth in the living room and queried, "Did you seriously send Jessica to guide Della? Were you trying to make things worse?" 
Larry understood Joan's concerns, but he had faith that Jessica would uphold her promise, so he wasn't worried about her at all. 
Instead, he was preoccupied with something else. 
Isn't she supposed to give me an explanation regarding that meal with Jake? A cold glint flashed across his abysmal pair of eyes as he looked at the woman before him. 
Although he was convinced by Caspian’s hypothesis, he wanted her to tell him everything he was supposed to know.
Meanwhile, Joan wondered if something was wrong with Larry, for he had been sitting on the couch, ignoring her with a gloomy expression since she was back.
###Chapter 2989
Joan frowned as she studied Larry in confusion.Is he angry because I had lunch with Jake? Joan jogged over to him and sat beside him with a smile. 
"I encountered a minor incident at the mall today, and Jake was there coincidentally, so he helped me out." 
At that moment, Larry's phone rang.He instantly picked up his phone from the table and walked toward the balcony to take the call. 
"Noted.I'll be there right away." 
He hung up his phone, took his coat from the couch, and strode out the room. 
"Where are you going?" yelled Joan. 
"I'm returning to the company.I won't be back tonight, so don't wait up for me’’ Larry replied loudly. 
Did something happen to Norton Corporation? Joan stared at his leaving figure wistfully. 
Although she desperately wanted to explain herself, the timing was bad.It's fine.I'll explain to him next time. 
"What happened?" Larry asked as he entered the office. 
"Larry, they sent this over." 
Caspian passed a document to Larry.
"We had previously sent people over to discuss the possibility of collaboration, but they rejected us outright.So why would they approach us all of a sudden?" 
Larry asked as he flipped through the document. 
"I'm not too sure, but there's something fishy about it." 
Caspian was certain that there was a catch somewhere. 
There was no way businesses would be offered to your doorstep for no gain. 
Larry was of the same mind as him, but he wanted to find out what their motive was. 
"Where are they? Have they left?" 
Larry lifted his head and quizzed Caspian. 
Caspian explained, "They seemed to be in a hurry, so they left already.He did mention that you could give their CEO a call or drop by the company to have a chat with the CEO, and there's no need to make an appointment" 
No need to make an appointment? Larry was skeptical about the invitation, assuming that something must have gone wrong in their company.His expression turned cold at the thought as he dropped the document on the table. 
Previously, he had the intention to collaborate with this company, but there was no such need now. 
"Larry, are we still going to collaborate with them?" 
Caspian questioned in a low tone. 
"There's no need for a collaboration since I can just acquire the entire company” claimed Larry.
Needless to say, he had to investigate what went on within that company before buying it. 
"Caspian, investigate that company's recent developments tomorrow" 
Larry turned on his heel and requested Caspian sombrely. 
This is going to be interesting! He wasn't an idiot, so he won't be collaborating with just anyone, especially those who had rejected him before. 
Caspian left after a brief discussion with Larry. 
Instead of heading home after that, Larry sat on the couch, staring sightlessly at the ceiling of his office.He felt mentally exhausted after the incident with Della and Joan. 
Fortunately, Della had changed her ways and stopped provoking Joan. 
"Larry, why aren't you going home?" 
Jessica let out a yawn as she inquired softly. 
"There is something I need to deal with.What's wrong? Why are you still here and not back home? Caspian will be worried again" 
Larry reminded her. 
"Yeah.I'm not going back.I've informed Caspian about it.I have something that I need to work on tomorrow, so it's more convenient for me to make do with a night at the office.I didn't expect you to be here as well’ Jessica assured. 
I know for sure that this isn't her first time staying in the office for the night, and it wouldn't be her last.
However, Larry felt gratified at heart that although Jessica seemed stubborn at times, she could match him for his seriousness when the time called for it.
###Chapter 2990
"I've been exhausted lately.There's just too much on my plate." 
Jessica lay on the couch after stretching. 
Larry's heart ached as he gazed at Jessica's worn-out face, and he assumed that it was because he considered her family. 
"Larry, how have you and Joan been lately? Are you guys back together? Don't worry too much about today's incident.Joan must have her own reason for doing that, so make sure you listen to her explanation first," advised Jessica softly. 
She is still thinking about others even when she is dead tired. 
"Go sleep.You have to wake up early tomorrow" 
Just like that, they both shut their eyes, lying on separate couches. 
Despite the next day being a weekend, some of the employees of Norton Corporation still proactively came to work. 
Suddenly, a scream tore through the silent office. 
"Who was that? What happened? It's still early in the morning" 
Jessica muttered begrudgingly as she sat up and rubbed her eyes. 
"Some employees came in for work" Larry answered immediately. 
"Is that so?"
Wait, isn't that Larry's voice? Jessica sat up straight with eyes wide as a saucer, staring bewilderedly at Larry, who was lying on the couch opposite of hers. 
I'm doomed! What should I do now?How am I going to explain myself if others found out? Jessica's heart was racing. 
"Why are you panicking?" 
Larry quizzed in a low voice as he smoothened his clothes. 
How can I not panic?Larry has a girlfriend, and I have a boyfriend. 
But now, both of us have slept in the same room. 
No one will believe my explanation if the rumors spread. 
"Larry, I'm just going to head out." 
Jessica dashed out of the room after grabbing her purse. 
The female employee who screamed was stunned as she saw Jessica running away. 
Why is she leaving so urgently?! wasn't planning to do anything to her. 
Larry massaged his temples in an attempt to wake himself up, then took a seat behind his table and started working. 
Outside his office, the female employee was hitting herself on the head in an attempt to calm herself while muttering, "It must have been my imagination.It must have been my imagination..." 
She tried convincing herself but to no avail.
Nevertheless, Larry was immersed in his work, not noticing anything wrong. 
Anxiety was all over Jessica's face as she breathed heavily after the mad dash from the office. 
"What happened? Why are you in such a hurry?" a familiar voice asked. 
Jessica jumped in shock, and when she turned around to see Caspian walking toward her, she gave him an awkward smile. 
"Isn't today a weekend? Why are you here?" she asked embarrassedly. 
What happened to her?Why is her face so flushed?Is she having a fever? Caspian placed his hand on her forehead to feel for any fever. 
Nope, no fever. 
"I have something to report to Larry.What happened to you?" 
Caspian was worried as he studied her. 
"I'm fine.There's something I have to deal with, so I'll be taking my leave." 
Jessica ran away as soon as she finished. 
How strange. 
Why is she in such a flurry today?Did Larry scold her again7it can't be. 
She didn't do anything wrong lately, so there's no reason for Larry to scold her. 
"Larry, what's wrong with Jessica?"
Caspian questioned as he entered Larry's office. 
"Nothing happened; Larry replied nonchalantly, not noticing the displeasure on Caspian's face. 
"She seemed very anxious when I saw her a while ago.I thought she might have done something wrong” Caspian uttered as he cast a sideways glance at Larry.
###Chapter 2991
What mistake could she have made?Moreover, even if she did make a mistake, she could have dealt with it easily, given her capabilities. 
Who knows what was in her head? She ran off like a mad man early in the morning as if I was a monster out to devour her... 
Larry continued working, but Caspian was preoccupied with thoughts about Jessica. 
In the end, he decided to ask an employee. 
"Did something happen to Jessica?" Caspian questioned. 
The female employee peeked at Larry with a conflicted expression. 
"Spit it out!" 
Caspian's temper sparked at her hesitation. 
"Don't be mad.It's just that when I came in, I saw Mr.Norton and Ms.Zimmer sleeping together’ the female employee whispered.What?Larry and Jessica slept together? Caspian was thunderstruck at the news. 
His mind was all over the place as he tried to discern what happened between Larry and Jessica. 
Jessica was panic-stricken, but why is Larry so calm and composed? Caspian felt betrayed as he glanced at Larry working in the office. 
Caspian lowered his head and scratched it, at a loss for what to do.
To think that I believed their relationship was merely that of siblings, but now they're sleeping together! No wonder she has been working overtime and coming to the office so frequently.It was all to meet Larry and not me. 
Caspian furiously slammed his palm on the table, scaring the employees. 
"Maybe they were merely resting in the office, and nothing happened between them" the employee added instantly. 
How is that possible when a man and a woman are alone in a room? Moreover, Jessica used to admire Larry.But he should have been better than this. 
What has gotten into him?How could he spend the night with her? Caspian sighed and left, not knowing how to face Larry. If it were someone else, he would have punched that person in the face, but that person was Larry, who was like a brother to Caspian. 
Has been Larry secretly harboring feelings for Jessica ail this while? A sorrowful expression crossed Caspian's face. 
After a long while, he took out his phone and dialed Jessica's number. 
"I need to talk to you." He sounded serious. 
On the other side of the call, Jessica was on pins and needles. 
"I have something that I have to deal with at the moment, so now is not a good time.In fact, I'm going to be quite busy for the next few days." 
Jessica tried to give him an excuse because she didn't know how to explain it to him. 
More importantly, she didn't know if he would believe her explanation.
"No! I have to talk to you today!" Caspian yelled in exasperation. 
Shit! He must have heard something. 
Otherwise, he wouldn't be this mad. 
"Alright.I'll be back home early today." 
Jessica hung up the phone and sighed.It seemed she would have to be mentally prepared for the upcoming talk. 
Soon, night arrived. 
Jessica left the bookstore and drove home in silence. 
What does Caspian want to talk to me about? Jessica's eyes were clouded with sadness. 
Ring! Ring! 
"Jessica, come here immediately. I need your help on something" Larry asked with a low voice. 
"Larry, I have something else to do today, so I can't go” Jessica replied. 
"It's urgent, so get here immediately!" Larry ended the call in a hurry. 
This stupid Larry always gets in my way at crucial moments. 
Jessica turned her car around and drove toward Norton Corporation. 
At that moment, Caspian sat waiting for Jessica on the couch in the living room, oblivious to the fact that she wouldn't be back that night.
###Chapter 2992
"All of these are Della's company issues.They're urgent, so please help to settle them." 
Larry passed the documents to Jessica. 
Jessica lowered her head timidly, trying her best to avoid looking at Larry. 
Why isn't he concerned about this morning's incident? Nervousness filled her eyes. 
"What you're doing standing there? Hurry up" urged Larry as he patted her shoulder. 
"Right." 
Jessica walked toward the couch and started working on the problems. 
At the same time, Caspian was waiting for her in the living room while staring intently at the door. 
What happened?it's late, so why isn't she back yet? Caspian gazed fixedly at Jessica's number on his phone, and after some hesitation, he decided to call her. 
"Something urgent came up, so I can't come back tonight? Jessica answered cautiously.What can she be busy with when the bookstore is already closed? Caspian's brows were knitted into a frown. 
"Jessica, are you hungry? Do you need me to order some food for you?" 
Suddenly, Larry's voice sounded from Jessica's end. 
At that moment, Caspian realized that she was with Larry. 
Clang! He threw his phone on the ground.
This b*tch! How could she cheat on me? Caspian buried his face in his hands with a look of agony. 
We have been together for so long. 
Am I not enough to fill the emptiness in her heart?! knew that Jessica did, in fact, love Larry in the past, but I'm the one who has been with her through thick and thin, taking care of her. 
Moreover, she had declared that the person she loves is me.So why is she with Larry?! thought that she merely went to have a chat with Larry, but in truth, she was cheating on me with him! What a joke! "Caspian! Listen to me! Caspian!" 
Before Jessica could finish her sentence, Caspian had hung up the phone. 
And when she returned the call, his phone had already been turned off. 
What's wrong with both of them?Have they gotten ina fight again? Larry sighed as he glanced at the worried Jessica. 
It's perfectly normal for couples to fight.They'll reconcile after a while. 
Larry continued his work on hand after reassuring himself. 
However, Jessica couldn't focus on her work. 
"Why don't you head back home? You should settle the problem between the two of you" Larry advised. 
She's so preoccupied with her relationship problem that she can't focus on the task at hand.So I might as well send her back to settle it first. 
"But Della..." Jessica started hesitantly.
"It's no big deal.I'll take a look at it later. You go on home." 
Larry gestured for her to leave. 
As Jessica rushed back home, Caspian had left and gone to a brothel in a residential compound in the neighborhood. 
"Mister, you seem new around here.Come, let me introduce you to our best girl." 
The madam at the entrance dragged Caspian into the brothel. 
"Who're you? Why are you touching me? Let me go!" 
Caspian flung off the madam's arm. 
This b*stard is drunk as a skunk, yet he's still conscious. 
A cold glint flashed across the madam's eyes. 
"Come in and have a look.The girls here are all beautiful and provide excellent service" 
"It doesn't matter to me whether they're beautiful or not.So move!" Caspian yelled at her. 
This stupid b*stard!it seems that I have treated you too nicely. 
"Men!" 
At her call, two brawny men appeared behind her. 
"Yes, Madam!" the men chorused in unison. 
"Carry this douchebag in."
She followed behind them into the brothel.You're too naive to think that you can mess with me!
###Chapter 2993
The madam glared at Caspian furiously and pointed at a girl, instructing, "You! Go and serve that douchebag! Hurry up!" 
"But I don't know how..." the beautiful girl named Lisa answered in a trembling voice as she cowered in the corner. 
"Don't know how? Do you want me to beat you to death?" yelled the madam as she picked up the cane at the side. 
"Madam, please forgive me! I'm still young, so I don't know how to serve a man, and I won't do it" 
Slap! Slap! The madam struck at the kneeling girl with her cane. 
"I'll go! Fine, I'll go!" 
In the end, Lisa gave in.It was better to be alive than dead. 
However, not many people could accept such a way of life. 
Lisa tidied herself up and wiped away the tears on her face before she slowly entered the room. 
"Don't cry! And serve that man well? shrieked the madam from behind her.Lisa shut the door tightly as if afraid of others seeing her in an unsightly state.In the room, Caspian was lying on the bed with a look of exhaustion, snoring away softly. 
"Jessica, tell me.Why did you betray me? Why? Have you ever loved me? Have you?" 
Caspian muttered as he turned over.
Lisa slowly approached him and lightly tapped his back, but there was no response from him. 
"Mister, let me serve you," Lisa uttered cautiously.Her voice was so soft that Caspian didn't hear her. 
"Louder!" demanded the madam from outside. 
Lisa jumped in surprise and shivered uncontrollably. 
Then she tried her best to turn Caspian over. 
"Don't touch me! Who are you? Is it Jessica?" Caspian asked with his eyes closed. 
His heart ached every time he mentioned her name. 
"Yes!" yelled the madam again. 
"Yes! I'm Jessica" Lisa answered helplessly. 
At her answer, Caspian quickly grabbed her hand and placed it over his heart. He said sorrowfully, "Tell me. What have I done wrong? Why did you do this to me?" 
He seems to be going through a relationship problem. 
As Lisa stared at Caspian, she didn't have the heart to take advantage of him. He must love the woman so much for him to end up like this. 
Meanwhile, Jessica returned to a completely silent house. 
"Caspian! I'm back! Where are you?" 
Jessica looked around as she called out to Caspian, but there was no sign of him anywhere. 
Where did he go? It seems that he is really mad this time around.
Since she couldn't find Caspian, Jessica returned to Norton Corporation.She spent the entire night dealing with Della's queries in Larry's office.Similarly, Caspian didn't return home that night. 
Right then, Jessica sneezed.For some unknown reason, she felt uneasy at that moment. 
Larry glanced worriedly at Jessica.She has been spacing out for the entire night.Is she tired? 
"Jessica, you should go back. Let me handle the rest" Larry suggested. 
Jessica glanced at her watch. 
After a short moment of hesitation, she picked up her purse from the couch and left. 
If she's worried about something, why did she insist on working? Larry shook his head at his thought and returned his focus to the task at hand. 
"Ouch.Why does my head hurt so much? Caspian hit his head lightly. 
Next to him, Lisa slowly opened her eyes and peeked at Caspian shyly. 
"You're awake" Lisa greeted. 
"Yes, I'm awake" Caspian replied without a pause.
###Chapter 2994
Wait, something is not right!That is not Jessica's voice! Caspian turned around and stared at the woman next to him, horrified. 
What happened?And who is this woman? Why is she in my room? Damn it! I'm doomed! Caspian panicked, knowing Jessica would not let him off easily on this. He yanked the blanket and realized he was naked. 
"Get out! Now! Quick!" Caspian pointed to the door and roared. 
The young woman was startled by him.She softly reminded him, "Sir, this is not your home." 
What? Caspian looked around and surveyed the room, then bowed down and started to thump his head with his fist, trying to wake himself up. 
What stupid things did I do last night? 
"About, last night, the two of us, did anything happen?" 
Caspian stammered in panic. 
"We are both stark naked.Can't you tell?" the young woman teased. 
The truth was, nothing happened between the two the night before. 
Caspian was knocked out by the drinks and had slept through the night.It was the woman who removed his clothes and scattered them on the floor. 
Caspian could not recall a single thing, so he could only take her words for it.
What am I going to do now? I've made a grave mistake! Slap! Caspian slapped himself hard, leaving a fresh red handprint on his face. He did not expect himself to commit such a stupid folly. 
"Sir, so what are we going to do now?" 
The woman looked down and asked demurely. 
Other than settling it with money, he could not think of other suitable solutions. 
"Just tell me, how much do you want?" Caspian asked bluntly. 
He knew she wouldn't have slept with him if not for money. 
"Mister!" 
The woman suddenly went down on her knees and cried out. 
Now what?Why is she crying instead? Caspian's heart softened when he saw the woman sobbing uncontrollably. 
"Please take me with you! I don't want to stay here anymore! The madam here forced me to sleep with men. I don't want to do that." 
The woman was crying her eyes out and watching the door at the same time. So she was forced into prostitution! Caspian put on a forced smile and quickly helped her up. 
"How did you get here? Don't you know what kind of place this is? If you are unwilling, who will force you into it?" 
Caspian did not mince his words.He had to be careful as there would always be sinister and sly scams around.
Who knows if this woman is for real or merely putting on an act? Maybe she was pushing her luck, trying to con more money from him. 
"No, that's not true! I am tricked into this, mister! I did not do this willingly.I was sold and brought to this place!" Caspian fumed upon hearing her story. 
How could people still engage in human trafficking in this time and age? They are asking for trouble! "Sir, I'm willing to do anything as long as you let me stay by your side. If I just run away, that madam will hunt me down. 
That is true! It won't be easy to run away from such syndicates. Caspian face fell as he looked away. 
"So, what do you want me to do? Buy you out, then leave this place?" He stared at her and asked. 
"Sir, take that as a loan to me.I'll definitely repay you once I have the money.In the meantime, I can do anything for you.Cooking, washing, anything! Even bearing a child for you!" 
Caspian was touched, as she sounded sincere and committed.He truly felt sorry for her, that she had gone through so many hardships, and it wasn't because of the guilt that he had slept with her. There would be good and bad times in life. 
Some people could bounce back from setbacks and continue to thrive, while a few unlucky ones would get trapped ina vicious cycle. If this young lady failed to meet a savior, she would likely be doomed.
###Chapter 2995
"Don't kneel there.Get up." 
Caspian helped her up. 
Tears were streaming down her cheeks, glistering in the light. 
"Mister, are you awake? Did you have a good night's sleep?" 
The madam's loud voice boomed in from outside the room. 
Is that jerk sleeping still? That won't do! She needed to see his payment before she could allow him to sleep in. 
"Madam" The young woman hurried over to open the door and greeted. 
The madam walked over to Caspian, and asked, "How was it? Are you feeling alright?" 
Ya, can't be worse, no thanks to you! He fumed as he recalled what happened the night before.It was all her fault! He would not have gotten into this shit if she had not solicited and pulled him into this place. 
"Mister, that was my girl's first night of service.No matter what, you should show some appreciation, right?" 
The madam urged as she signaled at the woman standing next to her. 
"Appreciation? Madam, wasn't it you who forced me to come in last night?" Caspian angrily confronted. 
"Oh my! You have wronged me.How would I dare to force you to come in, mister?"
What a hypocrite! The young woman stood by the side and looked on anxiously. 
The madam went over to the woman, pinched her hard on her arm, and chided, "You foolish girl.It must be your fault for not satisfying this gentleman." 
"Stop that.It was not her fault." 
"I heard you bought her? Eh, I mean, you took care of her?" 
Caspian lowered his voice and questioned. 
The madam threw the young woman a dirty look and replied coldly, "Yes." 
"Alright, I want her to leave with me; Caspian declared, with a determined look in his eyes. 
What? The madam was shocked. 
What did this idiotic girl tell the jerk ?Why did he offer to buy her out all of a sudden? 
"This...That...I mean, we need to discuss this." 
The madam replied hesitantly.However, her mind was already working on how to milk a good deal from him. 
Over at the house, Jessica was looking everywhere but failed to find Caspian. 
Where could he have gone? Worry was written all over her face, as Caspian did not have the habit of sleeping out. 
"Larry!" Caspian greeted Larry as he walked into the office, looking anxious. 
"What is it?" Larry asked as he looked up.
He saw Caspian wearing the same clothes he had on yesterday.So he did not go home last night? Then, Larry recalled how Jessica and Caspian had an argument the day before. 
"What did you do last night, Caspian?" Larry asked as he detected something wasn't right. 
Caspian scratched his head in embarrassment. 
He did not know how to tell Larry what happened the night before, and he also wasn't sure if Larry would agree to his loan request. 
"Eh, Larry, I want to borrow some money from you." Caspian shyly made his request. 
Did he get into trouble last night? Larry immediately stood up and scrutinized Caspian, trying to read his mind. 
Something has definitely happened! Larry knew Caspian wasn't the kind of guy who would go around asking for a loan without a good reason. 
"What happened?" 
He gave Caspian a pat on the shoulder and asked with concern. 
"Larry, please stop asking me questions.Can you please lend me some money first? I'll explain to you later. 
Caspian clenched Larry's arms and pleaded. 
"How much?" 
Caspian stretched out his five fingers.
Five hundred thousand?Why does he need so much money? Larry became suspicious. 
Five hundred thousand was not a huge amount to him, but he had to find out what kind of trouble Caspian had gotten into. 
"Shoot.Tell me what happened, only then I'll lend you the money." 
Larry was firm.He wasn't worried about the money.He was more concerned about Caspian and wanted to make sure he was not involved in any illegal dealings.
###Chapter 2996
"Larry, please don't make things difficult for me." 
Caspian sounded aggrieved. 
Who is being difficult now?Isn't it normal to give a reason when asking for a loan? Larry stared coldly at his friend, unmoved. 
"Fine.If you won't help me out, I will ask someone else instead." Caspian ran out after saying that. 
Rascal! When did he become so wilful?Did I say I will not help him? Larry was worried as he watched Caspian running out. 
"Hey.Quick, find out where Caspian was last night.It is urgent." 
Larry gave this instruction to someone over the phone.I hope he is not into some serious trouble. 
"Larry." Jessica came in shortly after Caspian rushed off. 
"Larry, what am I going to do? Caspian is missing!" Jessica broke down and cried. 
Why is she crying all of a sudden? Larry handed some tissues to her and sat her down on the sofa. 
"Yesterday, we spoke on the phone.I could not reach him after he ended that call." Jessica quivered, looking angst. 
Looks like she really loves him! His love and sacrifices were not in vain after all. 
Larry was heartened to know Jessica cared about Caspian. 
At that moment, the two of them did not know that Caspian was in deep trouble.
Larry quietly sat through Jessica's whining with no intention of cutting her short.He wanted to hear her reveal her true feelings for Caspian. 
Finally, she got tired and stopped sobbing. 
"You can stop crying now.Caspian was here this morning.He looked fine and was not injured, so you don't have to worry" 
Larry revealed as he handed her a glass of water. 
"Oh! He was here? Why did you not tell me sooner?" 
Jessica immediately dried her tears. 
"What did he say? Did he ask about me? Where is he now?" 
Jessica bombarded Larry with questions, which heartened him, as that showed she really cared about Caspian. 
"Don't worry.He had some matters to settle, so leave him alone for now.He will come running back to you once he is done." 
Larry gave her an ambiguous assurance.He had no clue about what had happened to Caspian, so he could only help to pacify Jessica without going into more details. 
Caspian, what happened to you last night? Larry clenched his fists anxiously as he was worried about Caspian. 
Caspian was his only buddy, so Larry would never stand by and do nothing if he ever got bullied.He picked up his phone and called Caspian’s number after Jessica left. 
It rang for a long time, but no one picked the call.
Ring ring ring! 
"Mr.Norton, we got the information.Last night, Caspian went..." 
The man on the other end of the phone hesitated, seemingly embarrassed. 
"Tell me!" Larry barked. 
"He went to the brothel!" The man replied solemnly. 
Yes, the brothel, where one could get women to entertain them and even sleep with them for money. Caspian went to the brothel? It was hard to believe, so Larry hurriedly asked for clarification. 
"Are you sure you were not mistaken?" 
"There's no mistake, Mr.Norton. We found eye witness" The reply was clear and certain. 
Anger was written all over Larry's face. 
Rascal! Even if he was moody after a fight with Jessica, he should not have gone to a brothel! Larry was furious. He flung his phone onto the sofa, and hollered, "Guys!" 
Instantly, a few men rushed into the office. 
"Gather a few more guys and come with me!" Larry led the way out of the office. 
Wait a minute! Such matters should be handled on the quiet. 
"Nevermind.You guys don't have to come along." 
He changed his mind and got into the car alone.
Bang! 
Larry hit the steering wheel with his fist in anger as he thought about Caspian's stupidity. 
"Come on, it's just five hundred thousand. I'll definitely repay you." 
Caspian tugged at a man's arm and implored.
###Chapter 2997
"Hey, don't touch me, Caspian! Otherwise, I'll get nasty! I don't have that kind of money, so go borrow from someone else" 
The man warned as he struggled free from Caspian's grip. 
Larry was watching them from a distance, and he let out a sigh. 
"Caspian!" Larry shouted. 
Caspian turned around and realized it was Larry. 
"Get into the car!" Larry ordered. 
Caspian hesitated for a moment, then obediently ran towards Larry's car. 
How did he end up like this? Larry felt sad looking at the sorry state Caspian was in.He also had lots of questions in his mind. 
"There you go.Here is five hundred thousand.Take it." 
Larry handed over a card to Caspian. 
A friend in need is a friend indeed! Caspian was touched by Larry's kind gesture. 
Caspian held back his snuffles.He was saddened by his so-called friends who acted pally with him only when things were good. 
When he needed help, they pushed him away. 
"Now, can you tell me what happened?" Larry asked, feigning ignorance.
He knew what transpired, but he wanted to hear it from Caspian. 
Caspian turned around to face Larry, embarrassment written all over his face. 
"I got drunk last night? Caspian started hesitantly, but went on to confess to Larry truthfully.He could not fill him in on many details as he was too drunk to remember.Larry got worried for Caspian after hearing his full story.He could not predict how Jessica would react to this, but he could definitely foresee turbulent days ahead. 
"Why are you so foolish? She lead you in and you followed?" 
Larry chided and knocked Caspian on the head.But I was totally wasted! I was not even aware that I was in a brothel or with some women.What could I have done? Caspian could only sigh silently in resignation.He would never have stayed on if he knew that was a brothel. 
But what to do? He had stayed over, slept with the young woman, and got himself into this trouble.He could not undo what he did. 
Caspian sadly shook his head, sighed, and hit himself silly on the head. 
"So, what are your plans? Now that you have that young woman by your side, what are you going to do with Jessica?" Larry questioned him sternly. 
As if it makes a difference. 
Jessica only has eyes for you. 
Caspian glared at Larry with annoyance. 
"Well, she still has you, doesn't she?" he scoffed.
What?What was that supposed to mean? Larry turned around and stared fixedly at Caspian, waiting for him to elaborate further. 
"Make yourself clear! What do you mean she still has me?" Larry challenged. 
"Oh please, stop pretending, Larry.This is just between you and me now.You like Jessica, and she likes you..." 
"Hold it!" 
Larry cut him off before he could finish his sentence. 
What is wrong with the nonsensical mind of this jerk? Jessica and I were like brother and sister!How is it possible for us to have special feelings for one another? Moreover, I only have space for one person in my heart— Joan!Did he hear some gossips again?Or are there any misunderstandings somewhere? A look of irritation flashed by in Larry's eyes. 
How ridiculous can he get? He has known me for many years, and he actually thinks that I have eyed his woman! This is preposterous! 
"I heard about what happened that day. You slept with Jessica." Caspian continued in his hushed voice. 
When did we sleep together?This is getting out of hand! Larry was raging deep inside.
###Chapter 2998
"I know Jessica had always been fond of you, and that is why she always look you up at Norton Corporation.But what happened between the two of you in the office that day...I am really devastated, Larry" 
Finally, Larry realized what he was talking about.This jerk misread the situation again! Larry closed his eyes and took a deep breath to calm himself. 
"First of all, Caspian, I see Jessica as a sister and she regards me as a brother.Due to some unforeseen circumstances, we had to sleep in the office that night.Nothing happened between us, and Jessica can vouch for that as well.We did not do anything scandalous behind your back.Moreover, I will never betray Joan." 
Larry left Caspian with no room for doubt. 
Caspian could see Larry spoke with sincerity, and he instantly felt remorseful.Yes, he had always been righteous and would never resort to such dirty moves.Maybe I read too much into it... 
Caspian bowed his head in embarrassment. 
But that colleague said... 
He was not totally convinced It was as if Larry could read his mind, for he added, "The staff that stayed late in the office that day saw Jessica and I lay on the sofa in the office and made a big fuss over it.If you don't believe me, you can go back to her and asked her if she saw me doing anything to Jessica" 
"No! I believe you, Larry! I was blinded by jealousy and could not think straight? “ Caspian answered.
Yes, you did not think straight.As a result, you drank yourself silly and got into this mess!This is going to be a bloody troublesome mess. Larry looked at Caspian with sympathy.He knew his buddy was a man who could be depended on, so he would not run away from his trouble. 
Unfortunately, Jessica would be the one to get hurt, as he took responsibility for what he did to the other woman. 
"Are you sure that you had sex with that young woman? Could it be a set-up?" Larry cautiously tried to jog his memory. 
"If you are so wasted, how could you possibly manage to do that?" Larry glanced at him and reminded. 
Caspian had the same doubt. 
However, he could not discount this other possibility that he was so drunk, he could not remember what he did. 
"There was a bloodstain on the bedsheet" Caspian muttered. 
There was awkwardness in the air. 
Larry cleared his throat and drove off with Caspian. 
Both men did not utter another word for a while. 
"So, what are your plans? Give the madam the money, and keep the young woman by your side?" Larry curiously asked. 
"Yup.That madam said she wanted compensation, so I have to give her that.As for the young woman, I want to send her home’’ Larry could only manage a forced smile. 
He had a nagging feeling that things would not go as Caspian had planned.
"How about letting me meet that young woman?" 
Larry quietly suggested. 
Huh?Why did he want to meet her? Caspian looked puzzledly at Larry. 
"Why? Are you reluctant?" Larry countered. 
He felt he should at least meet the other party before making any judgment. 
Moreover, Caspian had never been a meticulous guy.He may overlook many issues, which Larry felt were important to look into. 
"No, not that.I will hand the money to the madam then meet you again." 
"No way!" Larry cut him short. 
"Let me meet her first.I will get Joan to join us.After the meeting, you can proceed to hand over the money, and we can take the young woman away immediately." 
Some subjects were easier to discuss between women, so Larry wanted to ask Joan to go along. 
Caspian also thought that was a good idea, although he could not figure out why Larry would insist on meeting the young woman. 
After a quick discussion, Larry and Caspian, together with Joan, went to a cafe near the brothel.
###Chapter 2999
"Hello, Larry and Joan! Nice meeting you! I'm Lisa." 
The young woman greeted the couple. 
Caspian smiled, pleased that she was polite and well- mannered. 
Larry and Joan silently scrutinized her. 
"You are quite capable, aren't you? You have managed to seduce my buddy in such a short time." Larry was out to spite her. 
"No, Larry. I can swear I am sincere with Caspian" she protested softly, raising her hand to make the swearing sign. 
Larry took a sip of his tea and calmly assessed the young woman.She looked like a materialistic woman, but she did not seem to be the scheming type of woman. 
Larry and Joan's indifference made Caspian very anxious.He was worried they would make things difficult for Lisa, but his biggest fear was that they would tell Jessica about this.He was hoping he could settle this matter behind Jessica's back. 
"And? What are you trying to hint at? That you will marry Caspian and bear him children?" Joan probed coldly. 
Lisa fell silent. 
In the beginning, she was not attracted to Caspian. 
However, she was touched when she observed what he went through for her.
"Yes, I can do that!" she affirmed. 
"What are you saying? I don't need that!" Caspian nudged her on her arm and clarified. 
"No! You have saved my life, Caspian. I want to serve you for the rest of my life." 
She promised and gave him a tight hug. 
Caspian was stunned and immediately pushed her away. He could not let Jessica down again. 
"What are you afraid of, Caspian? We have already slept together. If someday, I am pregnant with your child..." 
No way! She cannot bear my child! Caspian was dumbstruck. 
"Abort it!" Joan was direct. 
She could read Caspian’s mind. 
He borrowed money to ‘save’ this woman which was out of kindness and guilt. But Joan would never let Lisa take further advantage of Caspian. 
"But Joan, this is our flesh and blood!" Lisa whined. 
"No one can be sure who is the father of the baby yet” Joan retorted bluntly. 
I find it hard to believe a woman in a brothel is pure and innocent. 
So what if there was bloodstain?That would not necessary mean that she was a virgin.How gullible of you, Caspian.Just a few drop of tears and you are at her beck and call. 
Joan had to take a sip of tea to calm herself.
"Joan, Caspian is my only man.It is true.You can check with my friends if you don't believe me" 
There was no way Joan would fall for that! Joan was furious and regarded her with contempt. 
From the first impression, it was obvious this was a shrewd young woman. 
Men always fell for gentle, kind, and innocent women. 
Deep in her heart, Joan already knew Caspian would blindly accept whatever Lisa said if she started acting piteous. 
"That's enough.Let me make it clear to you.We will hand the compensation money to your madam and buy you freedom.However, that is on one condition, that you will leave Caspian alone from now on.If you disagree, we will take back this money” Joan threatened. 
She needed to let Lisa know who has the upper hand. 
"No, Joan.I can't leave Caspian.I cannot live without him!" 
Lisa was quick to protest. 
Oh my! She is resorting to emotional blackmail? Joan stared at Lisa with disdain. 
She loathed hypocrisy and had always hated those women who put on false pretense to manipulate men. 
Larry sat by the side, watching the ladies quietly.He understood Joan felt terrible as Jessica was her good friend.
###Chapter 3000
"Say something, Caspian!" 
Lisa tugged at his shirt and implored. 
"He will only listen to Larry, so don't waste your efforts." 
Lisa was instantly dejected when she heard Joan said this. 
"Eh, Joan, I think the most important thing is to hand the money to..." Caspian tried to mediate. 
"No! If she agrees to our condition, you can head straight to the brothel to pay up.If she doesn't, I will not let you go with the money" 
Joan was firm in her demands as she knew this had to be made absolutely clear to Lisa. 
Otherwise, she could foresee more trouble in the future. 
Lisa was no pushover.She was a wolf in sheep's clothing.It was obvious to all present, except for oblivion Caspian. 
"Stop crying." Larry finally broke his silence. 
"Larry, what do you say?" 
Caspian's pleading look made Larry sad.He was saddened that Caspian got into a messy affair with a con woman like Lisa. 
Larry and Joan tried to hide this incident from Jessica out of goodwill. 
They wanted to protect Caspian.However, things did not go as smoothly as they had anticipated.
"If you choose to not listen to my opinion on this, that would spell the end of our friendship." 
Larry set an ultimatum.He knew Caspian was softhearted and would have been manipulated by Lisa into keeping her by his side. 
That would drive Jessica crazy! Larry had no choice but to play the bad guy and pressure Caspian into doing the right thing. 
Caspian was in a dilemma and felt lost.He was caught between his best friend and a woman he felt he had wronged. 
In the meantime, Joan was staring fixedly at Lisa.She was full of suspicion. 
Why would that madam let go of Lisa and ‘sell’ her off to Caspian so easily?Could there be more to it than meets the eye? Joan was worried as the more she thought about it, the more fishy it felt. 
"Caspian, if you still love Jessica, you should make a clean decision to end this messy affair" 
Larry was clenching his fist and looking solemn. 
Although Caspian was like a brother to him, Larry was also protective of Jessica, who was orphaned and had looked up to him as family. 
Indeed. 
Life had not been easy for Jessica in the past many years. 
Caspian bowed his head in shame. 
"Caspian, I really cannot live without you! I'll die!" Lisa wailed loudly. 
"Shut up!"
All of a sudden, Joan shouted out in anger. 
She would have been less provoked if Lisa had made a big fuss, screamed, and cursed. 
This emotional manipulation game she was playing was despicable, and Joan was even more furious as Caspian was gullibly falling for it. 
"Joan, what is wrong? Are you angry? Please don't be mad at me! I will keep quiet if that will appease you." 
Her pitiful act looked so realistic that Caspian felt a pang of sympathy for her. 
Larry's face fell as he watched the drama unfold. 
Looks like we are dealing with a formidable foe here. 
He took a sip of tea and a deep breath, then asked, "Caspian, what do you propose?" 
Caspian opened his mouth but was lost for words. 
In his heart, he wanted to let Lisa go and stay with Jessica. 
"Caspian, if I discover I am pregnant someday, I will know that is your flesh and blood." 
Lisa suddenly made this remark and left the rest dumbstruck. 
No way! This child cannot be brought into this world 
"Don't you take contraceptives?" Joan asked anxiously. 
"I did not have the chance to take it when it happened.After that, by the time I remembered, it was too late" Lisa softly muttered.

###Chapter 3001
She's plotting something, I'm sure of it! She obviously knows that she is not supposed to get pregnant, but she still chooses to delay it. 
How conniving! Joan's face turned cold at once. 
Ring! Ring! Joan took a look at her phone and dithered. 
Nonetheless, she answered the call. 
"Hi, Joan.Where are you guys? Why are all of you gone?" Jessica asked anxiously. 
Joan racked her brain for an excuse and lied miserably, "I...Uhm, I'm out? "I know you're out now, but where are you? I'll go over now." 
What? She wants to come here? No way! Joan hurriedly said, "Uhm, I think it'd be better if you tell me where you are and let me come to you instead" 
What happened to Joan? Why does she sound so panicky? Jessica glanced at her phone in puzzlement, baffled by her behavior. 
Caspian, too. 
It's been so many days. 
Why is he not back yet? Where has he gone? She narrowed her eyes and stared out of the window, feeling inexplicably unsettled. 
After Joan hung up the call, she turned to Caspian and informed, "That was Jessica calling.Caspian, you have to settle this."
He looked up at her in shock. 
No! I can't fail Jessica! But what about this woman whom I slept with? His brows were furrowed deeply as he found himself in a dilemma. 
Seeing that Caspian had fallen silent, Lisa suggested, "Caspian, I don't want to put you in a tight spot.How about this? If I'm not pregnant, I promise I won't bother you anymore.But if I'm pregnant, I want to stay with you." 
"Okay;’ he answered, deeply moved by her words. 
"Caspian!" 
Joan could not help but raise her voice. 
How could he agree to that? God knows who the father of the baby in her tummy is. 
Joan shot daggers at Lisa. 
This woman is so annoying! "Caspian, you have to think through this matter carefully" she advised. 
Yeah, I know that I can't make the promise recklessly, but ! can't be an irresponsible man as well. 
Caspian gave her a weak smile and said,"Joan, if the baby is really mine, I'll definitely take the kid in." 
This guy is unbelievable! Apparently, he only listens to Lisa, not us. 
Larry and I have been trying to talk some sense into him, but he pays absolutely no heed to our advice. 
Joan gave Lisa the side-eye disdainfully. 
I hate hypocritical, dramatic women the most.
They gain favor with men by making themselves look pitiful. 
In the end, Caspian opted to wait for Lisa's pregnancy test results first before deciding what to do next. 
As Larry and Joan walked to their car, she held onto his arm and asked, "Hmm, what do you think of Lisa? Is she really pregnant?" 
How would I know the answer? The pregnancy test result is not out yet. 
Larry let out a sigh and stared ahead, finding it a shame that Caspian had gotten himself in this messy situation. 
"I don't think he'll change his mind." Larry voiced out his opinion. 
Joan nodded in reply. 
Exactly. 
Whether it's work or relationship matter, he’s always been rather strong-willed. 
Our biggest concern now is Jessica. 
Neither of us knows how to tell her about this. 
After that, both of them went back to the office. 
As Larry flipped through the files in his hands, Jessica suddenly barged into his office in a light-hearted manner. 
"Larry!" 
He gave her a glance and sighed inwardly as he knew what she was here for.
She then came over to him and tapped on the desk lightly. 
"Larry, where were you at just now? I called you guys, but only Joan picked up the call." 
Why is she so quick-tempered? Looking at her, Larry could feel his headache coming on. 
"Uhm, is Caspian with both of you just now?" 
Jessica continued. 
Ignoring her questions, he diverted the topic. 
"Why are you here?"
###Chapter 3002
She smiled awkwardly in response before running towards him and hugging him from behind. 
Frowning, Larry reminded, "Hey, a lady like you should be demure.Don't you care about your image?" 
image? When have I ever cared about my image in front of him? Jessica pouted and whined, "Larry, why don't you tell me? Is Caspian still angry with me?" 
He had slept with another woman, but she’s still here worried if he’s upset with her! Indignance flashed across Larry's eyes as he felt it was unfair for Caspian to treat her like this. 
"Larry, what's wrong? Did something happen to him? Is he okay?" she asked worriedly. 
He is a buff, tough man. 
What could happen to him? Larry shook his head and said, "If there's nothing else, you should leave first. I still have some work to do here." 
Wait, I must've missed something. 
Jessica eyed him suspiciously, displeased. She pressed on. 
"Where is Caspian?" 
"How would I know where he is at right now?" he lied through his teeth. 
Upon hearing his answer, she quickly fished out her phone and dialed Caspian's number, but the call did not get through. She felt even more uneasy now. 
Did Caspian cheat on me? A cold glint flitted across her gaze. He's been avoiding me for so long.
I don't believe that nothing has happened to him. 
Just then, Larry's phone rang.He peered at the caller ID and cleared his throat. 
Under the eyes of Jessica, he picked up the phone nervously. 
"Yes?" he answered, casting a glance towards Jessica who was standing at the side. 
"Larry, the result is out. She's pregnant; he informed guiltily. Larry's expression grew grim. Sh*t, Lisa is really pregnant! Sighing, he averted his gaze and stared out of the window. 
"What are you going to do then?" Caspian went quiet at that question. 
Although he did not answer, Larry knew that he would definitely want the baby. 
"Larry, you know that I've always wanted to be a father.Now that God has given me a child, I really don't want to let the chance slip by." 
Let the chance slip by? If it weren't for his mistake that night, he would not have gotten himself into this situation. 
What about Jessica now? Turning around, Larry looked at Jessica, who was sitting on the couch at the side, with a somber look on him. 
Undeniably, he felt aggrieved for her. 
"Let's meet later." 
Larry left a sentence and hung up. 
"Was it Caspian?" Jessica questioned and sipped on the tea in her hand.
Larry was taken aback for a moment before flashing her an awkward smile. 
"Ah, it was a business partner.He invited me for a meal later" 
He's lying! She immediately rose to her feet and strode towards him with a cold expression. 
"Larry, tell me.What is actually going on? Is Caspian in trouble?" 
He did get into trouble, and this time, it's not a small mistake. 
Refusing to answer her, Larry got up, took his jacket, and walked out of his office.She watched his retreating figure disappear from her sight, the anxiety in her grew. 
What had happened to Caspian? Why hasn't he contacted me yet? Utterly confused, she crouched down and held her head in her hands as millions of thoughts raced through her mind. 
A few seconds later, she sprang up to her feet as a plan formed in her mind. 
Unbeknownst to Larry, Jessica was trailing behind him to see if he was going to meet Caspian. 
Before long, their cars came to a stop in front of a café, and Larry went inside. 
Waiting inside her car, Jessica could not help but wonder why they would want to meet at a café. 
She glanced around and mentally prepared herself. 
Meanwhile, inside the café, Larry looked up from his coffee and gave Caspian a solemn look. 
"Have you made up your mind?"
###Chapter 3003
"Yeah” Caspian replied somberly. 
"How are you going to tell Jessica about this? You two have been together for so long. Still, you want to give her up for the baby." 
Larry could not help but express his disappointment with Caspian's decision. 
Needless to say, Caspian knew that it was his fault, but he had no other choice but to wrong Jessica.He did not know what else he could do. 
"I want the baby.That kid is my own flesh and blood, Larry, he replied determinedly. 
"Caspian, are you heartless? Do you still remember the woman who stayed by your side when you were at the lowest point of your life? Now that she's no longer youthful, you want to ditch her for a younger woman. Kudos to you, man!" 
Larry's tone was dripping with sarcasm, as was his gesture of tapping Caspian on the shoulder. 
"Larry, I Know I've failed Jessica, but the child is innocent." 
What a load of b*ishit! is Jessica not innocent as well? Has he ever taken her feelings into consideration? "Whatever.I don't care anymore.Good luck.Besides, you should tell Jessica about this as soon as possible.Consider yourself warned." 
With that, Larry left in a huff. 
He knew full well that he could not change Caspian's mind, so he was left with no choice but to give up on him.
Looking from the outside, Jessica could see that Caspian was seated at a corner table with his head lowered forlornly after Larry left. 
Seeing him being like that puzzled her, but she did not have the courage to go in and ask him.He looks so low-spirited. 
Something must have happened to him. 
Running her fingers through her hair, she looked at him in concern. 
But why doesn't he tell me? She stared at him in dissatisfaction. 
While over on the other side, Larry headed back to the company after leaving the café. 
As soon as he entered his office, Joan, who had been waiting for him, got up from the couch and queried, "Where have you been?" 
He walked over to his desk, looking calm and composed. 
"What makes you come here?" 
"That girl is really pregnant.What should we do now? We can't let Caspian break up with Jessica and marry that girl? she said exasperated.He let out a scoff in response.Caspian has clearly made up his mind to marry that girl. 
There’s no point for us in worrying about him from now on. 
"I keep having the feeling that there is more to that matter.Caspian has always wanted to have a child, but Jessica is not ready to get married yet." 
The more she spoke, the worrier she got.
Exactly. 
Now that he finally has a kid, for sure he'll want to take the kid in. 
Larry shook his head in dismay and let out a sigh. 
Besides, I really can't bring myself to like that girl. 
It's not because of her background, but because of her character. 
Jessica is way better than her in all aspects. 
After a while, Larry finally responded, "Give him some time to think it through." 
If he really wants to end his relationship with Jessica, there's nothing we could do to stop him. 
The next day, Caspian went to visit Lisa. 
As soon as he entered the house, she looked at him with her tear- streaked face and whimpered. 
"Caspian, the baby is yours, I swear." 
Yeah, I'm the one who makes her pregnant. 
How can! have the heart to abandon her and the child? After hesitating for a while, he finally steeled his resolution. 
"Don't worry, I'll take good care of you," he assured, patting her shoulder gently. 
Upon hearing his promise, she hugged him in return and smiled victoriously with a cold glint flashing across her eyes.
Caspian’s finally mine! No matter how Larry disrupts my plan, it's near impossible to change his mind. 
Meanwhile, in Delilah’s house, Joan nearly jumped out of her skin when she heard Larry telling her the decision Caspian had made. 
"What did you say? Does he really want to marry Lisa? Is he out of his mind?" 
Caspian is a fool! How could he fall into that woman's trap? It's as clear as day that she's up to no good.
###Chapter 3004
But there he is, going to Lisa's place every day. 
If this goes on for long, there's no way Jessica wouldn't know about the woman he's hiding. 
No, I can't let him marry her. 
No one knows for sure who the father is. 
Sitting on the couch, Joan crossed her arms and huffed in exasperation. 
All of a sudden, Jessica came into the living room. 
"I wonder who's the one that makes you so pissed off, Joan" 
Crap! Did she overhear what ! said just now? "Hi, what brings you here tonight?" 
Joan immediately rose to her feet and welcomed Jessica before casting a worried glance at Larry, who was sitting at the side. 
"If I were not here, I'd probably miss out on seeing your angry expression; Jessica said light-heartedly. 
Then, she turned to Larry and placed her hands on her hips, feigning a stern expression. 
"Larry, did you bully her? If you dare to bully Joan, Nancy and I will hunt you down, you hear me?" 
She did not mention Abelyn because Jessica no longer considered her as their bestie. 
Upon hearing her, Larry raised his gaze and glanced at both of them with a smile tugging on his lips. 
Without saying anything, he then stood up and headed to the study.
"What happened? Are you alright?" 
Jessica inquired, scrutinizing Joan's face. 
Truth be told, she had heard what Joan said a little while ago. 
It was just that she did not want them to worry about her, so she chose to pretend that she did not hear anything. 
Besides, she wanted to check the matter between Caspian and Lisa on her own.I don't believe Caspian would do such a treacherous deed. 
"I'm fine.Anyway, you're here for..." 
Joan's voice tapered away as she looked quizzically at her. 
"I haven't seen Caspian for the past few days.I'm a bit worried, so I came here to ask you and Larry his whereabouts" Jessica replied. 
Since I'm here already, I'll have to continue putting on an act. 
If I tell Joan that I'm here to ask her to go shopping together, it wouldn't sound convincing. 
Racking her brain to think of an excuse, Joan avoided her gaze and rubbed her neck awkwardly. 
"Oh, Caspian.Uh, Larry asks him to handle some projects, so he is busy with work recently." 
She had never been familiar with their work, so her explanation just now did not make any sense to Jessica. 
However, she did not expose her and merely gave her a smile in response because she knew that Joan meant well.
And Larry was well aware of their interaction. 
Jessica doesn't have to do that.She's known everything but is still pretending not to know anything.She may be able to deceive Joan but not me! Standing beside the railings upstairs, Larry heaved a sigh and shook his head before trudging away. 
After they exchanged a few more words with each other in the living room, Jessica left and started her search for Caspian. 
This town is only this big. 
I'm sure I can track him down. 
Based on the information she had now, she took a wild guess that they would come to the hospital to have a check-up, so she had come waiting for them to show up. 
She did not know how long she had been waiting outside the hospital, but she eventually saw Caspian at the entrance that afternoon. 
"Are you feeling alright?" Caspian said as he held Lisa up the stairs. 
She nodded with a smile and said nothing. 
This b*tch has the nerve to steal my boyfriend! Looking at their affectionate interaction, Jessica punched the steering wheel in a fury and started her car. 
Screech! A car came to a halt beside Caspian and Lisa. 
Frowning, he turned towards the car and looked at the driver. 
The moment he saw the driver's appearance, he froze on the spot.
Why is she here? In a split second, he panicked. 
"Long time no see, Caspian." 
Jessica stepped out of her car and removed her sunglasses. 
Upon seeing her, he instinctively backed away as a look of embarrassment crossed his face. 
"Caspian, do you know her?" Lisa asked.
###Chapter 3005
"Yes, of course, we do.Not only do we know each other, but we are really close.But who are you? He has never mentioned you before" 
Jessica responded while a cold glint flashed in her eye. 
Lisa failed to sense her irony and approached to shake her hand. 
"Hello, nice to meet you.I'm Lisa, Caspian's girlfriend"" 
Girlfriend? Jessica sneered. 
Then, who am I to Caspian? Is this a joke? "Jessica, if there is anything, let's talk about it tomorrow" 
Upon saying, the man beside reached to grab the young lady's hand, intended to leave the spot. 
"Why do we need to wait till tomorrow? Since we have already met, let's sort everything out." Jessica pretended to be carefree. 
What is going on? What exactly should be sorted out? Don't tell me this woman has a relationship with Caspian. 
At that instant, Lisa's guard went up, while her eyes filled with disdain. 
"Why? Are you afraid? Caspian, why don't you tell her who I am? Would you?" 
Jessica started to raise her tone towards Caspian. 
Never had she ever thought that Caspian who had always seemed so honest turned out to be a j*rk too.
"Caspian, what's going on? Who is she?" The lady asked softly while tugging at Caspian's shirt. 
"Um...about that.She's my ex-girlfriend" 
He answered while lowering his head. 
Ex-girlfriend? Is he kidding me? With that, Joan raised her hand and slapped Caspian on his face. 
Instantly, Lisa froze on the spot. 
Jessica was not a fool.She understood perfectly that what Caspian meant was that she was no longer his girlfriend. 
This son of a b*tch! Feeling humiliated, she turned and walked away, without hesitation this round. 
Looking at Jessica's car driving away, Caspian's eyes flashed with guilt and sorrow. 
In contrast, Lisa beside him was secretly elated. 
If I'm not mistaken, she must be Jessica. 
An evil expression loomed over her face. 
"Ughh..." 
Out of the blue, Lisa let out a cry. 
"What's wrong?" 
Caspian turned around and asked with a concerned look. 
"Caspian, my stomach hurts.."
On the other hand, Jessica was bawling her eyes out while driving recklessly on the road. 
Caspian, how could you do this to me? What have I done to you to deserve your betrayal? All our promises and dreams turn out to be a big fat lie. 
Are they all jokes to you? She kept on driving while wiping her unstoppable tears. 
At that very moment, all she could think about was Caspian. 
Out of a sudden, a car sped in her direction but she did not realize it. 
Bang! "What did you say? Jessica went to see you? When was it? Where is she now? What did you tell her?" 
Jessica sounded utterly displeased on the phone. 
Caspian was trembling uncontrollably as he felt extraordinarily uneasy for no apparent reason. 
"Joan, I have no idea where she went.Would you please try to find her? I'm worried about her’ Caspian begged in a low voice.Worried? Are you serious? Who knows? Maybe she's already dead! Lisa, sitting in the living room, let out a cruel glance while listening to Caspian's conversation.Yes, I wish she were dead. 
Then, Caspian will be mine forever. 
"Caspian, if anything happens to Jessica, I'll hold you responsible.Just mark my words." 
With that, Joan hung upon him and immediately left her place. 
"Where're you heading?"
Larry yelled from behind. 
"To find Jessica!" Joan replied without turning her head. 
What has Caspian done? Why is Joan in such a hurry? Without hesitating, Larry caught up with Joan.
###Chapter 3006
After the call ended, Caspian stomped his foot in a panic.He did not realize Lisa was staring at him ferociously with an extremely jealous look. 
What a dumb foo!! Full of wrath, she stormed out and went upstairs. 
Jessica, don't you dare appear in front of us ever again! Bang! The young lady shut the door upstairs forcefully, leaving Caspian in a sudden shock. 
Did I do something wrong? He sat decadently on the couch with both his hands wrapping around his head. 
If something happened to Jessica, how am I? going to explain to Larry? "Doctor! Doctor! How's her?" 
At the hospital, Joan was grabbing one of the doctors’ arms while asking anxiously. 
"I'm sorry.We need to do the operation right now.Excuse me!" 
The doctor pushed her hand away. 
At that moment, Joan was dumbstruck. 
Indeed, Jessica had met with a car accident. 
When Joan saw her, she was covered in blood. 
Caspian, d*mn you! What have you told her? Bam! Joan slammed her fist into the wall, causing blood to trickle down her fingers. 
A second later, she took out her phone and informed everyone.
In truth, she wanted to see what Caspian would do. 
Before long, Larry and Nancy arrived at the hospital. 
"How's she, Joan? Is Jessica alright?" Nancy demanded restlessly. 
Joan stared at the operating room with a lost expression. 
The light was still on in the operating room, which suggested that the operation had not ended yet. 
"Jessica!" 
Caspian ran over in a panic. 
Slap! Nancy gave him a slap across his face. 
"Caspian, how dare you have an affair with another woman? Which part of Jessica is lesser than that b*tch? How long have you been doing this behind her back?" 
Nancy scolded furiously. 
"I didn't expect the outcome would be like this.Am I wrong for wanting my own child? Jessica refused to get married up till now, and she doesn't want any kid.All her focus is on her career.As a man, I also need a real family, don't I?" 
Caspian explained in a low voice. 
Instantly, silence ensued in the hospital. 
Indeed, both should be held responsible in this matter.
Nancy could not dare to keep her eyes off the operating room, as she feared she would miss out on anything. 
"So? You have decided to break up with her and be with that woman?" 
Joan's tone sounded sharp. 
Yes. 
What else can I do now? After all that he had done to that young lady, of course, he would need to be responsible to her. 
Caspian nodded slightly, leaving Larry utterly confounded. 
"From now on, you don't need to come to Norton Corporation anymore.And don't ever appear in front of any of us.We will take care of Jessica.That's all.You can leave now" 
Larry turned his back on him and spoke faintly, trying hard to suppress his rage. 
Due to his long relationship with Caspian, he chose to let him go unscathed. 
However, he had always treated Jessica like his own sister, and he would never allow anyone to harm her. 
Caspian reluctantly lifted his head and gazed at that group of people. 
His expression was utterly torn, as his last wish was to make sure Jessica was fine before he disappeared from her world. 
"Um...Let me wait for Jessica..." Caspian choked on his words.
"You don't have any right to see her anymore! Don't worry.I'm sure she will find a man who is way better than you!" 
Larry responded coldly. 
Just then, the red light was turned off. 
"The patient's family!" 
The doctor shouted as soon as he stepped out. 
"Yes!" Joan replied at once.
###Chapter 3007
"The patient needs to rest well.Please keep her out from any emotional swing." 
At that moment, everyone breathed a sigh of relief. 
Thank God she's still alive. 
Casting a last glance at Jessica on the operating table, Caspian's gaze was extraordinarily despondent. 
Then, he turned and walked away in misery. 
Staring at the disappearing figure, Larry heaved a sigh.So he chose to abandon Jessica in the end. 
"Keep your voice down, Nancy" 
All of them surrounded Jessica's bed and waited patiently for her to wake up. 
"Why are you all here?" 
Suddenly, her eyes slowly fluttered open. 
"Jessica, are you awake? How do you feel?" 
Joan caressed her hair gently with care. 
Seconds later, she started weeping while her cry sounded utterly desperate. 
Everyone around understood her despair but did not know how to comfort her. 
It took a moment before she finally stopped.
"Alright, you guys, please go back and rest.I will be fine here.Don't worry" she said in a weak voice. 
There was no way Joan would leave her alone in the hospital. 
The few of them discussed briefly and decided to let Joan stay to look after Jessica. 
By this time, there were only Jessica and Joan left in the ward. 
"What did Caspian tell you?" Joan asked without beating around the bush. 
That *sshole., I'm sure he said something terrible that caused Jessica to end up in an accident. 
Jessica turned away from her and looked out the window, her eyes filled with agony.Her heart twitched in pain whenever she thought of Caspian's words. 
"He said that I'm his ex-girlfriend, Jessica answered faintly.What? Hearing that, Joan jumped up in shock. 
That j*rk! How could he say something so irresponsible? Even if he really wants to break up, at least he should do it properly and respectfully! Joan could not help but walk around the same spot in exasperation. 
No way! I need to have a talk with that b*stard! Is he really going to be blinded by that b*tch his whole life? Everyone knows she's a snake, but he treats her as an angel! Right at that moment, Joan was increasingly agitated. 
"Alright, Joan.Don't get mad over this.What's done was beyond repair." 
Jessica let out a long sigh. 
What do you mean by "beyond repair’? We just need to kick that b*tch out of the game, don’t we? Meanwhile, Joan has started to plan on a last-ditch effort.
If that young lady stays by Caspian’'s side, who knows what trouble she is yet to create? Hold on a second. 
Why exactly is she into Caspian? His money? But Larry is way richer than him? Or his look? Give me a break, please. 
This doesn't sound right.I bet she’s after something else. 
At the thought of this, Joan furrowed her brows stressfully. 
She was worried that by the time Caspian found out he was being manipulated, there would be no turning back for him. 
"Joan, what's on your mind?" Jessica asked in a low voice. 
"Huh? Nothing much.What do you want to eat? Let me buy for you" Jessica answered softly. 
"I would like some meatloaf, please" Jessica replied shyly. 
Indeed, meatloaf had always been her favorite food, as meatloaf always reminded her of her mother, especially in bad times. 
Looking at Jessica, Joan was heartbroken.She knew the former must be having a tough time that she missed her mother. 
"Sure, I'll go grab some right now" 
Upon saying that, Joan grabbed her purse and walked out of the ward. 
The moment she stepped out of the hospital, she spotted Caspian, who was wandering anxiously at the entrance.
Joan did not intend to greet him at all while she turned and walked in another direction.
###Chapter 3008
"Joan! Um...How's Jessica? Is she better?" 
Caspian sprinted over to Joan as soon as he noticed her. 
How shameless is he to act as if he still cares for her? With that, Joan dissed him with resent. 
"It doesn't concern you no more.Just get lost! Not only Jessica, but all of us also don't want to see you anymore!" 
Joan yelled in wrath.It looks like they will never forgive me, just as expected. 
Jessica is such a great woman, yet, I have hurt her so badly. 
"Joan, you must tell me if anything happens to her.Remember that" 
Caspian continued to say. 
What on earth is he expecting? What a shameless *sshole! Before he could utter another word, Joan walked faster and left him behind. 
Ring! Ring! 
Suddenly, Caspian’s phone rang. 
"Where have you been, Caspian? I missed you so much.I'm craving for some dumplings" Lisa said on the phone. 
"Got it.I'll go buy some right away." 
After hanging up, Caspian slapped his forehead, trying to get a grip of himself.
Back in the ward, Jessica was staring out of the window, her expression extremely exhausted. 
I wonder what's Caspian doing now? Is he together with Lisa? Tears started welling down her eyes again as she thought about him.She had never imagined that their long destined journey had now come to a miserable end. 
All the wonderful memories with Caspian seemed like unrealistic jokes at the moment. 
Maybe it's time for me to let go.If I'm no longer in his heart, it will be meaningless for me to cling on to him. 
"Here you are.Please eat while they're still warm" 
Joan rushed in excitedly to the ward but was stunned momentarily when she noticed Jessica's teary face. 
Just then, she knew the latter had fallen into depression again. 
"Alright now.Stop overthinking.Here's your favorite meatloaf." 
Joan tried to cheer her up. 
"Joan, tell me something.Why do men change so easily?" 
Jessica did not seem to let go of the matter. 
In fact, not all men are like this. 
Joan lowered her head and said, "Actually, Caspian has his reasons." 
She doubted if it was the best time to touch on that, but she figured sometimes it was better to be honest.
"I know.Lisa's pregnant." 
Jessica answered before she could. 
How did she find out? Who told her that? Joan stared at Jessica as she was confused. 
"Actually, when I went to find you the last time, I overheard your conversation with Larry; Jessica explained while eating her meatloaf. 
So, she has long known about this. 
I shouldn't have mentioned it with Larry! Joan bit her lips tightly, obviously regretting her previous unwise act. 
"So what do you plan to do?" 
What else can I do? Isn't it obvious? Caspian has chosen her over me. 
However, I have no regret in loving him. 
Gazing at Jessica's decadent look, Joan felt as though a thousand needles were stabbing through her heart. 
if Caspian leaves her because of her bad personality, that would be reasonable. 
But Jessica has the best personality, and not to mention her perfect look. 
Which part of her made her undeserved of his love? To be honest, he is the one who doesn't deserve her! "How're you feeling? Better now?" 
Just then, Larry appeared at the door.
"Larry!" 
Jessica greeted right away. 
"I feel great.I should be able to go out in a few days." 
Looking at her relaxed expression, Larry let out a sigh of relief. 
It seems like she's starting to let go of Caspian. 
Good.
###Chapter 3009
Larry walked slowly over to the couch and sat down. 
"Larry, there's no need for you to visit me every day.Joan's here, and she's taking great care of me." 
Jessica cast a grateful smile at Joan. 
Yes, I'm sure she is.But I want to check on you myself. 
After all, you have no real family left in this world but me.I should look after you. 
"Joan, Jessica is like our sister.It's our responsibility to look after her." Larry explained deliberately to Joan. 
He wanted to assure Joan that his relationship with Jessica was nothing more than siblings. 
"Sure.Don't worry.I will make sure she's fine." 
Joan responded right away, as she understood Larry's intention fully. 
Staring at both of them, Jessica turned nosy. 
"That's enough.Stop flirting in front of me, please." 
Joan was overcome with embarrassment in that instance. 
Meanwhile, Larry cleared his throat and switched his tone. 
"So, what do you plan to do next?" 
She must be devastated by Caspian’'s decision.
"Larry, could you find a new place for me? I'm moving out.Don't worry about me.I'm good to live alone; Jessica replied faintly.He sighed with a sense of gratification flashed before his eyes.I'm glad that she can think sensibly. 
Everything has been destined. 
It would be Caspian's loss to miss such a great woman. 
With that, they chatted for a while before he left the ward. 
Clank! On the other side, a loud noise was heard coming from the living room. 
"What's this sh*t? It's disgusting!" 
Lying on the couch, Lisa sounded utterly pissed. 
"What's wrong? Doctor says that your body is weak now, so you'll need to drink some medicine." 
Caspian rushed to her side and started comforting her. 
"I don't want that! Caspian, the medicine tastes awful." 
Lisa grabbed Caspian's hand in a spoiled manner. 
"How can you not drink the medicine? It's for your own good, and the baby too.You wouldn't want the baby to be unhealthy, would you?" 
Caspian stated purposely. 
Could you stop mentioning the baby? Is the baby the only reason that you have chosen to be with me? Feeling utterly displeased, Lisa glared at the man before her with exasperation.
"You don't love me at all!" 
Lisa yelled furiously. 
AS a matter of fact, she was right. 
The reason that Caspian chose to be with her was merely to compensate for his own mistake, "Caspian, be honest with me.Are you still thinking about that sl*t?" 
When did she become such an unreasonable woman? Feeling frustrated, Caspian kept scratching the back of his head. 
"So it's true! Then, you should go and see her! Isn't she in the hospital right now? She'll need a man to take care of her.Go be that man!" 
Right then, Lisa had lost her rationality completely. 
"That's enough!" 
At the same time, Caspian failed to suppress his emotions too. 
I've been tolerating your nonsenses, but you keep crossing the line! "Are you going to drink the medicine or not? And do you still want the baby? If you keep being unreasonable, then go back to your mother's house." 
Caspian uttered coldly.I've been pampering you and giving you the best, but I don't think you appreciate it. 
The woman was stunned at that instant. 
"No, Caspian.I want to stay here."
Lisa's attitude turned meek swiftly while she grabbed Caspian's arm tightly.
###Chapter 3010
"Then, please take good care of yourself, and don't overthink.Make sure that the baby is born healthily" 
Upon hearing that, Lisa started weeping aggrievedly. 
After all, all he cares about is the baby! "Caspian, I love you!" 
She hugged Caspian and kissed him on the forehead gently. 
But at that moment, Caspian could no longer feel any affection. 
"Alright, I'll bring some medicine later: Medicine again! Lisa nodded reluctantly while a cold look flickered past her face. 
Ding! It was the sound of a message. 
Without hesitation, Caspian grabbed his phone to have a look, but his face turned grim at once. 
"What is it?" 
Lisa snatched his phone quickly. 
"Oh my! Caspian, who's this? Why does he send you so much money?" 
The moment she saw the content, she could not hold back her excitement. 
"It's my boss.He has fired me." 
Caspian lowered his head to hide his disappointment. 
In fact, Larry had transferred one million to him.
Undoubtedly, this was for the sake of their brotherly bond over the years. 
One million! How much stuff can I buy with this money? No way! I must get my hand on it! With that, Lisa returned the phone to Caspian and then nestled in his arms, her expression extremely seductive. 
"Caspian, it looks like your boss values you very much!" Lisa said while caressing Caspian's chest gently. 
"But I'm out of a job from now on; Caspian responded miserably.So what? Don't you have the one million? "One million will be enough for along time" 
Little did Lisa know that what Caspian cared about was not the money. 
Caspian closed his eyes and kept rubbing his forehead despondently. 
Soon, Larry had found Jessica a new place. 
Also, Jessica had been recovering well, and she got discharged from the hospital a few days later. 
After Caspian settled down with Lisa, he went to the hospital to visit Jessica, but she was long gone. 
"Excuse me.May I know where the patient has gone?" 
Pointing at the ward, Caspian asked one of the nurses. 
Hearing Caspian's question, the nurse went on guard instantly. 
In fact, Jessica had informed those nurses that someone might come to enquire about her whereabouts, and they were to keep a secret if that happened. 
Since her body had not fully recovered, the doctor or the nurses would routinely check on her at her new place.
That was why she needed to reveal that information to them. 
"I don't know about that, The nurse replied with an awkward smile.He doesn't seem like a bad man though! The nurse could not wrap her head about it.Nevertheless, she did not suspect much as she was merely fulfilling her obligation as told.Staring at the empty ward, Caspian was in despair.He was left in the total blind about her discharge. 
Of course. 
I have no more right to know anything about her, have I? 
"Caspian!" 
Lisa called out from a short distance away. 
A dark expression loomed over her face when she saw Caspian’s dispirited look. 
He's come to find Jessica, hasn't he? Unfortunately, she has left. 
Lisa slowly approached him and grabbed on his arm meekly. 
"What's wrong? Are you tired?" She gently wiped off the sweat on his forehead. 
Indeed, he was exhausted from taking care of her in the past few days. 
He thought that she was a generous and considerate woman, but now he realized she faked all that. 
If it was not for the sake of the unborn child, he would have left long ago. 
"I'm fine.What did the doctor say?" 
Caspian put her hand down slowly and asked.
"The baby is fine, and all indicators are normal” Lisa replied with complete satisfaction. 
As long as the baby is fine, he will never leave me. 
No matter what happens, he would never abandon his own blood!
###Chapter 3011
It took a lot of effort, but Jessica finally moved all her belongings into the house that Larry had found for her. 
"What do you think? This house isn't too shabby, is it?" 
Larry asked as he glanced around. 
"Oh, yes.It's pretty good.Thank you so much, Larry" 
Jessica hurriedly replied. 
Wait a minute, when has she become this polite? Larry looked at Jessica quizzically, a feeling of unease slowly coming over him. He was worried that she might still be upset, especially with how things had ended between her and Caspian. 
Because even though she never said it, Larry knew she hadn't gotten over him completely. 
After all, it was hard to forget someone who had given you so much to remember, and Larry knew that better than anyone else.He had also experienced the pain of losing a loved one when he thought Joan had died in an accident, so he knew the agony Jessica must be in now. 
What a pity it was that their relationship had to end. 
It was such a loving and beautiful one, yet Caspian just had to ruin it. 
What the hell is that fool thinking about? Ditching Jessica for another woman who doesn't even like him? Larry sighed, still annoyed with how Caspian had treated Jessica.
"It's okay, Larry.Marriage is destined just like life and death.Perhaps, Caspian and I are just not meant to be; Jessica said self-deprecatingly.Of course, she wanted nothing more than to have Caspian show up and take her back.But deep down, she knew that would be highly unlikely. 
Rather than fantasizing about the impossible, Jessica knew it was time for her to sober up and do what was best for herself.So what if my love is gone? I still have Larry and my career. 
And with a flourishing career like hers, there was no need for her to bother herself with the affairs of the heart. 
"Jessica, you're my sister.No matter what happens in the future, you can count on me to always have your back!" 
Jessica smiled, greatly comforted by his words. 
"Hey, Joan, did you hear that? Larry doesn't want you anymore. He said he's sticking with me!" 
She joked as she wrapped her arm around his shoulder. 
Joan laughed and shook her head. 
What a rascal, always teasing me! If this had been in the past, Joan would have blown her top. 
But after everything they had been through, she couldn't wait for Larry and Jessica to be even closer than before. 
Jessica was an only child, and since she lost her parents, Joan could only imagine how lonely she must have felt. 
Yet, she had overcome all odds to come to where she was today.
She initially thought Caspian would be the one to give Jessica the love and happiness she deserved, but alas, he turned out to be just another despicable scum. 
What made matters worse was that he even wanted to keep the unborn child from his one-night stand. 
Joan got infuriated just thinking about it. 
Like Larry, she was seething at Caspian for being so harsh toward Jessica. 
They had been together for so long; yet, all of that meant nothing to him when he ended it. 
He dumped a woman who truly loved him, only to dote on another who just wanted to toy with his feelings. 
Caspian, you're such a fool! "Joan, what are you thinking about?" 
Jessica asked with a nudge. 
"It's that idiot! Whenever I think about him, I feel myself burning with rage!" 
Upon hearing that, Jessica merely let out a faint smile. 
Joan immediately covered her mouth, embarrassed at her outburst. 
Afraid that Jessica might feel sad from being reminded of Caspian again, Joan quickly changed the subject. 
"So, Jessica, what do you think about this house? Do you like it?" 
"It's pretty good! The fact that Larry found this house for me makes me like it even more.Please visit when you're free in the future, and ask Nancy along too!"
Before Joan could respond, Nancy surprised everyone by barging in. 
"You don't even have to ask.I'm already here!" 
Speak of the devil! Jessica was so excited that she hurriedly ran up to welcome her. 
"You're just everywhere, aren't you? Why didn't you tell me you were coming?"
###Chapter 3012
"What's there to tell? I'm no outsider, so I'm free to come whenever I want!" Nancy said with a shrug. 
Everyone burst out laughing at that moment. 
It was this character of Nancy's that drew Jessica to her.She wasn't pretentious, she was carefree, and most importantly, she wasn't scheming like other women. 
Jessica felt truly happy and comfortable around her. 
After cleaning up and tidying the house for a while, they finally stopped to take a well-deserved break. 
"Thank you so much for all your help" Jessica said as she plopped herself down on the sofa. 
"Oh, don't say that! You know we'd do anything for you; Nancy immediately replied. 
"Alright, alright.Tell you what, I shall cook for everyone tonight!" 
With that, Jessica made a beeline for the kitchen. 
Nancy's eyes widened in shock at what she had just heard. 
What? Jessica cooks? Joan, like Nancy, was also staring at Jessica in bewilderment. 
But what surprised her more was how Larry didn't even bat an eyelid to all of this. 
Joan looked at him skeptically. 
Does he already know that Jessica can cook? In actuality, it was perfectly normal that Jessica knew how to cook.
She had been with Caspian for years, so it wasn't surprising if she had learned to cook for him. 
Everyone enjoyed themselves over the hearty, delicious meal, and after a bit of chit-chat, they soon took their leave. 
On their way home, Joan couldn't stop nagging about how worried she was for Jessica, and Larry could only listen on in amusement. 
Eventually, he had to coax her in order to calm her down. 
"Okay, okay.Stop nagging.You know how Jessica's like.She isn't one to be messed with, and she definitely won't let herself be bullied." 
Joan knew Larry had a point. 
Jessica was undoubtedly a tough woman, but the problems she faced were just way too many and complex. 
Besides, she was all too aware that with a character like Jessica's, she wouldn't be able to get over Caspian for some time. 
They had been so madly in love before, and now that they had broken up, there was no doubt both of them would be nursing the wound over a period of time. 
Because in any relationship, the more one had invested in it, the more they stood to lose when it turned sour. 
Joan turned away and gazed out of the window. 
She found it a pity that their relationship couldn't come to fruition, but she felt even worse because she couldn't do anything to help.
Perhaps that's just the complexity of human nature.It's something that we'll never fully understand. 
"Don't worry so much.You can visit and chat with Jessica whenever you're free, so it helps keep her mind off Caspian" Larry said. 
Joan nodded in silence.She won't be able to deal with this alone.She needs me now more than ever, and I shall be there for her. 
Unbeknownst to them, instead of heading home, Nancy had met up with Caspian at a café. 
After everything he had done to Jessica, Nancy was very disappointed with him. 
Caspian had always come across as somewhat of a goof, so she never expected he would be capable of doing something as horrible as this. 
"What on earth were you thinking? Are you going to dump Jessica just like that?" 
Caspian's expression darkened as soon as those words left Nancy's mouth. 
I love Jessica.I don't want to leave her either, but what other choice do I have? Caspian lowered his head, guilt written on his face. 
"That's the only thing I can do, Nancy.I hope you understand.That woman is carrying my child" Caspian muttered. 
Nancy scoffed. 
His child? How can he even be sure that he fathered the child? Nancy had always known that Caspian was too gullible and stubborn for his own good.
Just because that woman claimed to have lost her virginity to him, he believed her with no questions asked. 
The thing was that the woman's story could have been easily formed with the help of advanced medical technology.
###Chapter 3013
"Caspian, what if the child she's carrying isn't yours?" Nancy asked. 
What nonsense is she spouting? Of course, the child is his. 
Who else could have fathered the child? Irritated by her ridiculous question, Caspian looked out of the window and ignored her. 
Nancy smiled. 
She had fully expected this reaction from him, so she wasn't offended at all. 
"Caspian, don't say I didn't remind you.These days, you can't believe everything that others tell you.They can claim it was their first time or that they're pregnant with your child, but all that may not be true." 
Nancy said it with such calm and conviction that she didn't look like she was joking. 
That infuriated Caspian even more.He stared daggers at her, wondering what she meant by that. 
"I've said all that I wanted to say.The rest is up to you.I suggest you look into things a bit more closely.Good luck." 
With that, Nancy grabbed her coat and left the café. 
Caspian, now alone, looked utterly devastated. 
Even though Nancy's words were direct and harsh, Caspian had to admit that she did make a lot of sense.
The more he thought about what she had mentioned, the more he frowned. 
If he found out that he had been lied to, he wouldn't let that woman off easily! Back at home, Caspian had only just walked into the living room when Lisa pouted at him. 
"Where have you been, Caspian? I missed you so much" 
Is that so? Why didn't she call me then? Caspian eyed the woman in front of him suspiciously, Nancy's words still ringing in the back of his head.Lisa was taken aback by his reaction and looked at him warily. 
What's wrong with him? Something feels off. 
"Let's go for a checkup tomorrow;’ Caspian suddenly said. 
What now? Why does he suddenly want me to go for a checkup? Despite her worries, she knew she had no choice but to agree to it. 
What she didn't know was that Caspian fully intended to find out how far along she was. 
It was the only way to ascertain if the child was his. 
The next day, the two of them left for the hospital right after breakfast. 
After a thorough check, the doctor smiled at them. 
"Everything looks great.Don't worry.The fetus is healthy" 
"Alright, why don't you wait in the car? I'll go get some health supplements for you" Caspian said as he gently nudged Lisa away. 
For some inexplicable reason, Lisa started to panic as she left the doctor's office.
"Doctor, may I Know how far along is my girlfriend’ Caspian asked. 
"Oh, didn't she tell you? It's three months now! I was still wondering why the father of the child didn't come along for this checkup: Father of the child? In that instant, everything became clear to Caspian. 
Everything that Nancy had warned him about was true. 
The baby that Lisa was carrying wasn't his! He slammed his fist into the wall as his eyes flashed with murderous intent. 
She had blatantly lied to him, and he had fallen for it. 
Even though he was angry, Caspian knew what he had to do next as he pulled out his phone and made a call. 
"Larry, I want to have a drink with you." 
"I'm not free," Larry replied coldly and was about to end the call. 
"No! Larry, please! I have finally known the truth!" 
Larry was taken aback by it but soon recovered his composure. 
"Okay.Where are you? I'll meet you there?" 
Larry couldn't hide the smile on his face. 
Even though it had taken that long, what mattered was that Caspian had finally seen the light. 
When he arrived at the bar they had planned to meet, Larry found Caspian seated in the corner, looking utterly miserable.
"Caspian!" 
Larry greeted as he quickly made his way toward him. 
No matter what he had done, Caspian was still a good friend of his, and seeing him so glum and defeated broke Larry's heart.
###Chapter 3014
"Larry, tell me why? What have I done to deserve this?" Caspian cried out as he hugged Larry. 
What why? It doesn't take a genius to figure out that there's no one to blame but yourself, Caspian. 
As much as he wanted to be honest, Larry knew Caspian was already feeling awful enough, so he held his tongue and comforted him. 
But even though he had found out the truth and realized his mistake, it'd still be difficult for Caspian to get Jessica's forgiveness. 
She was someone who would stand firm to her decision and there would be no turning back for her once she had made her mind up about something. 
It was especially so when it came to affairs concerning her love life. 
Besides, it was Caspian who had dumped her in the first place. 
After that betrayal, there wouldn't be any easy way for him to get back with her. 
"What should I do? What the f*ck should I do now?" 
Caspian shouted as he downed one beer after another. 
What else can you do? Get yourself out of this situation immediately and continue living your life! Before he could get his thoughts out, Larry's heart once again softened at the sight of Caspian.He knew that a man who was at his lowest point needed to be comforted, not scolded. 
"Alright, stop drinking.It's good that you now know the truth.What are your plans?" he asked while patting his shoulder.
"I'm going to break up with that woman! The child she's carrying isn't mine!" 
"Okay, but you can't deny having slept with her, right? You'd still have to be responsible for that, don't you?" Caspian froze. 
He knew he had well and truly messed up, all because he got himself drunk and lost control. 
Without any warning, Caspian started slapping himself hard. 
"Caspian!" 
Larry shouted as he tried to push his hands away. 
"I deserve this! I got cheated by others and even let Jessica down.I'm an idiot and an a*shole!" 
Larry was glad that Caspian finally admitted he had been in the wrong. 
But what good is that now? If there had been any misunderstandings with Jessica, he should have been honest and talked them through with her.Instead, he got himself drunk and landed himself in this mess. 
"Listen to me, Caspian.I know you want to leave that woman, but don't be rash" 
Ring! Ring! Before Caspian could ask Larry what he meant, his phone started ringing. 
Unknown number? Without any hesitation, Caspian rejected the call. 
Before long, his phone started ringing again, and it showed no signs of stopping unless he answered it. 
Finally, Caspian got annoyed and took the call. 
"Who the f*ck are you, and why do you keep calling?"
A sweet, saccharine voice came from the other end of the phone. 
"Is this Caspian?" 
"Who are you?" 
"Hello, Caspian.I'm Lisa's friend.I wanted to let you know that you didn't do anything the night you got drunk," she said in a hushed tone. 
What? Is she saying I never slept with Lisa? As he felt his heart racing even faster, Caspian pounded his head ina bid to clear his mind and calm himself down. 
Larry stared at his friend curiously. 
What could he be talking about? "Repeat what you just said!" 
Caspian suddenly shouted. 
The girl on the other end did as instructed, this time louder. 
I really have been the biggest fool! Caspian's face darkened as he angrily tossed his phone onto the sofa. 
Larry knew something must have gone amiss. 
Otherwise, he wouldn't be this mad. 
He stared at Caspian, waiting for him to explain himself. 
All of a sudden, Caspian plopped his head down on the table and started sobbing loudly.
Caspian wasn't someone who would cry easily, so Larry felt even more pained seeing him reduced to a sobbing mess. 
"There, there.Stop crying.We're all men.There's no need for tears.Tell me what happened."
###Chapter 3015
At long last, Caspian looked up at Larry and wiped his tears away. 
"Larry, I've been completely fooled and lied to." 
If there was a silver lining to this mess he had gotten himself into, it was that he didn't give Lisa the one million she had asked for. 
No wonder she was badgering me for the money! It all makes sense now! "Larry, can I go back to Norton Corporation?" 
"Of course, no problem." 
After exchanging a few more words over a couple more beers, Caspian got so drunk that Larry had to send him home. 
Once they got to Caspian's, Lisa immediately made her way toward them. 
"Oh my, where have you been? Why have you had so much to drink?" 
Caspian scoffed at the sight of Lisa, annoyed that she still had the guts to stay by his side after what she had done. 
"Caspian's drunk.Please take care of him; Larry said before leaving.Lisa smiled when she heard that.He's drunk? This might be a good opportunity for me! As she helped him to the bed, her eyes gradually turned dark and sinister. 
"Caspian, where did you keep your credit card?" 
Lisa whispered while caressing Caspian's hair.
"What credit card?" 
"The one that Larry gifted you!" 
Indeed, she's only with me to fleece me! Caspian ignored her and deliberately rolled over, pushing her to the floor as he did. 
Lisa yelped in pain as she lay sprawled on the floor. 
How dare he push me down! Nevertheless, she wasn't going to give up that easily. 
She walked over to the bed and planted a kiss on Caspian's forehead. 
"Be good, Caspian.Tell me now, where's that credit card of yours?" 
Thump! Lisa suddenly stumbled back into the wall when Caspian pushed her away. 
It was yet another futile attempt, and she was getting frustrated. 
Forget it. 
I doubt he remembers anything in this drunken state.I shall ask him another day! With that thought, Lisa turned and left the room. 
Unbeknownst to Lisa, Caspian had heard every word she said.He knew what she was after, and it made his blood boil.I'm the biggest id*ot.I did this to myself! He hit his head hard as he thought back and regretted all the decisions he had made. 
Because of Caspian, Larry decided to pay Jessica another visit and try to explain things to her. 
"Larry? What are you doing here so late? Aren't you worried about angering Joan if she finds out?" Jessica said with a yawn.
Larry had thought he was more than ready to speak up for Caspian, but now that he was standing in front of Jessica, he found himself having second thoughts. 
He realized he didn't know how to put it across to her. 
Where would he even begin? Should ! even try? She may never forgive Caspian for the rest of her life! Larry sighed, overwhelmed with conflicting emotions. 
As much as he hated it, he knew he had to try talking to Jessica. 
"Jessica, can we talk?" Jessica stared back in bewilderment. 
What could have happened that made Larry come down personally to talk to her? She straightened her back and shook her head, trying to clear her mind. 
"Fine, go ahead.I'm all ears" 
Jessica replied as she sat on the sofa in the living room. 
"It's about Caspian" 
Jessica's eyes instantly widened in shock. 
Why would Larry want to talk about Caspian? He should know better than anyone else that she had cut all ties with Caspian; yet, here he was, mentioning Caspian in the middle of the night. 
Has he gotten into another mess? Jessica was wide awake now, but her face had turned stone-cold. 
Caspian, you cruel b*stard.
No matter what, there's no way I'll forgive you easily! For so long, Caspian was the most important person in her life. 
Whenever there was anything good, she'd always think of him first. 
But alas, he had to get himself tangled up with some other woman and even got her pregnant! The more Jessica was reminded of it, the more her eyes burned with rage.
###Chapter 3016
"Larry, if this is about Caspian, I'll have to stop you right here.It's over between us.You should go back to Joan.She'd be worried sick if you stayed out too late" 
Why would Joan be worried sick? It should be Caspian! Caspian had already admitted his mistakes, and if Jessica was willing to give him another chance, Larry was sure their relationship would become even stronger than before. 
"Jessica, if Larry already knows he's in the wrong, will you forgive him?" 
Absolutely not! Even if he showed up begging on his knees, there's no way I'd change my mind! A glint of murderous intent flashed across her eyes. 
If they weren't living in a civilized society, Jessica would have dealt with him early on.He deserves every bit of it too! For wasting my time and toying with my feelings! "Larry, I hope you'll never mention his name in front of me again.I'm tired. 
I think you should leave now: The look of disdain on Jessica's face had gotten even more apparent as she tried to chase Larry home. 
Of course, Larry knew her hatred for Caspian had gotten to the point of no return.But he still wasn't going to give up. 
"You haven't answered my question, Jessica." 
Jessica gave him a side-eye as she quietly seethed. 
Isn't it obvious what my answer would be? "Fine, I'll tell you.
Even if Caspian comes running to me begging for my forgiveness, I'll never give it to him that easily!" 
Jessica's response wasn't entirely unexpected because Larry knew how stubborn she could be. 
Besides, there was nothing wrong with her feeling the way she did now. 
If Caspian hadn't been so callous, Jessica would have been the perfect wife for him! She had the looks, the figure, and she could juggle well between her family and her career. 
She was every man's dream! And yet, Caspian threw that all away. 
"Jessica, can you give it some more thought?" 
Why should !? You can give me a thousand and one reasons, but none will be enough for me to forgive Caspian. 
"I don't have to give it any more thought, Larry! You can tell him there's no way we're ever getting back together!" 
All at once, Larry was left dumbstruck. 
As expected, she was as stubborn as a mule, and there was no way for him to change her mind. 
Not that he could ever blame her for being angry with Caspian. 
Larry smiled faintly and took his leave. 
He had done all that he could, and now it was up to Caspian to clear his own mess. 
He called Caspian, who answered almost immediately once the phone rang. 
"How was it, Larry? Did Jessica say yes?"
"No.She rejected it." 
The other end of the line fell into silence immediately. 
Larry knew how disappointed Caspian must be feeling, but what else could he do? All this happened because of him. 
So there was no one to blame but himself. 
"That's enough, Caspian.From now on, you'll have to stop hounding her." 
With that, Larry hung up the phone.It sure was tough being the middle man, and he had had enough of it. 
"How is it?" 
Joan asked as she hurriedly walked toward him. 
"I suppose all hope is gone between them." 
Joan's face darkened at that instant. 
She had always hoped for Caspian and Jessica to get back together, but knowing Jessica's character, there was no way anyone could force her to change her mind. 
"Forget it" 
Larry added. 
"This is their problem.We should let them deal with it themselves." 
And that was something Joan knew very well.
It was never the place for outsiders to interfere with the relationships of others. 
But she could at least try, couldn't she? She sat on her sofa, staring at her phone. 
She had scrolled to Jessica's number but hesitated on whether she should make the call. 
Eventually, she gave in. 
"Hey, Jessica, I..." 
Before she could finish her words, Jessica interrupted, "Joan, please stop if this is about Caspian’ Joan was left speechless. 
Given how clever Jessica was, of course, she'd have immediately figured out Joan's intention.
###Chapter 3017
Joan had no choice but to change the subject. 
"Well then, shall we go shopping tomorrow?" 
"Sure." 
As long as it wasn't about Caspian, Jessica was fine with anything. 
The next day, the two of them met up as planned. 
Since Jessica had made it clear that she never wanted to hear Caspian's name again, Joan made sure she never brought it up either. 
"What? How could the two of you go out without me?" 
Nancy whined over the phone. 
Joan smiled at her silliness before explaining the reason for the meetup. 
"Wait for me! I'll be right over!" 
Nancy exclaimed and hung up the phone right after. 
Joan and Jessica exchanged glances and laughed. 
No one was a better shopper than Nancy, and it was indeed their fault for having left her out. 
Before long, the three women met up. 
"What do you have in mind?" Nancy asked while nudging Jessica.
Jessica shot her a dirty look. 
Since when did this woman become so nosy? Nancy smirked in response, wondering if Jessica was being shy or just avoiding this topic altogether. 
Everyone has known about Caspian owning up to his mistakes. 
Surely, Jessica would have heard about it too. 
So why doesn't she have anything to say about it? As long as Caspian and Jessica patched things up, there was no doubt that their future would be smooth- sailing and happy. 
That was something Nancy truly hoped and wanted for her friend. 
"I don't know what you're talking about; Jessica replied while brushing away Nancy's arm. 
"Jessica, we're all women, so I'm going to cut straight to the chase.Caspian has already admitted he was in the wrong, so is there still hope between you and him?" 
"No way! We are never, ever getting back together! Can you please stop talking about him? I just want to enjoy shopping with you two" Jessica replied, exasperated. 
Joan sensed the rage starting to boil in Jessica and decided that it'd be best to remain silent. 
Nancy walked up to Joan and held her arm tight, greeting her sheepishly. 
"Look at what you've done" Joan chided her. 
"Let's just stop talking about it." 
An awkward silence filled the air as the three women glanced at one another, no one knowing what to do next.
All of a sudden, a familiar voice rang out from behind them. 
"Jessica!" 
Oh my goodness! Caspian? Jessica stilled when she saw him. 
What the hell is he doing here? And what does he want from me? As she clenched her fists, her heart started racing. 
Nancy was just as stunned when she saw Caspian show up suddenly. 
Joan, however, was completely calm and composed. 
"Jessica, please give me another chance! I love you!" he shouted from afar. 
His words were nothing but the truth. 
Caspian had always loved Jessica. 
Everything went wrong only because he thought he had gotten Lisa pregnant and he needed to be responsible. 
However, all Jessica felt toward him was rage. 
What does he take me for? Am I someone to be at his beck and call? If there's one thing Jessica was sure of, it was that she was nobody's plaything. 
"Jessica! That's Caspian!" Nancy exclaimed. 
So what? I don't care! Even if he knelt in public and begged for my forgiveness, {I'm still not getting back together with him! Jessica decided she wasn't going to stay to listen to Caspian.
"Joan, I'm going off first? she said as she turned to leave. 
Nancy immediately stopped her in her tracks. 
"What? You can't do that.You have to go over to him.Look how awkward he is just standing there by himself!" Jessica frowned at her. 
Awkward or not, that's his problem, not mine. 
Why should I care? After all, he had chosen his own paths, so there was no one to blame but himself.No matter what the outcome was, Caspian would have to live with it.
###Chapter 3018
Their time together was in the past now. 
"I am wrong, Jessica!" 
Caspian continued shouting. 
Instantly, the customers nearby crowded around him and tried to listen to the gossip. 
"Hey, who is he apologizing to?" 
"No idea.But it looks like he's confessing." 
A few women couldn't stop talking about what was happening, their faces full of envy. 
"Caspian!" 
Lisa suddenly appeared. 
All eyes were on her in an instant. 
"What are you doing here, Caspian? What is the meaning of this? I'm pregnant with your child, so what are you doing here?" the woman cried out loud with misery written all over her face. 
"Get lost!" 
The man suddenly pushed her onto the floor.He emanated a bitingly cold aura as he spoke and even Jessica was shocked at the sight of him. 
"You wretched woman! You're pregnant with someone else's child; yet, you're trying to make me a scapegoat? I've already given you much face for not exposing your true colors" he shouted while
pointing at her. 
The woman was dumbfounded. 
How did he know that the child isn't his? Did he do something secretly behind my back? it's no wonder why he wouldn't hand over that one million to me. 
"Everything is clear now, Jessica.The child is not Caspian's and nothing is going on between the two of them.I think both of you can get back together now’ Joan explained carefully as she watched the woman before her.No! That's not possible anymore! Jessica kept shaking her head as tears welled up in her eyes.Even if Caspian split up with the woman, she would never turn back anymore.I, Jessica Zimmer, will only look forward. 
"You don't have to try and convince me anymore, Joan and Nancy. 
There's no way he and I will get back together anymore.She reached up to dry her tears and was about to turn to leave. 
"Please forgive me, Jessica! Let's start all over," 
Caspian pleaded.Jessica saw the sincere look on his face from afar, but all she did was smile. 
How she wished she could start over with him. 
However, everything was too late now. 
Right then, Joan and Nancy followed after her. 
Caspian realized that the woman hadn't forgiven him and his gaze darkened. 
Jessica went to her bookstore after she left the mall.
It wasn't busy there when she reached and there weren't many customers. 
"Why are you here, Ms.Zimmer?" one of the staff greeted. 
"How's the bookstore doing recently?" she asked. 
"Business is doing well.But there's a weird man who would buy books here every day’ the staff said. 
Huh? What is this? Jessica quickly straightened her clothes and went into the security control room. 
Sure enough, a familiar silhouette showed up on the screen. 
She felt uneasy all over the moment she confirmed that it was him. 
Why did he come to the bookstore? She rubbed her hands together anxiously, seemingly trying to calm herself down. 
"Was he here to buy books?" she asked nervously. 
"Yes.He buys one almost every day; the staff answered.Da*n it, Caspian.We have broken up.Why are you bothering me like this? Teardrops rolled down her face the next second. 
"Ms.Zimmer, um, someone is looking for you by the entrance"another staff said, still panting from running. 
For some reason, it made Jessica even more anxious. 
This guy won't give up until he gets what he wants, won't he? She put down the stuff she was holding and made her way out.
Caspian instantly walked up to her the moment she came out of the bookstore, intending to give her an explanation. 
"Jessica, please just let me explain" he said as he grabbed onto her arm. 
"You don't need to explain anything. 
Just do your own thing. 
We have nothing to do with each other from now on, Caspian. 
And one more thing, if you continue to bother me like this, don't blame me for being ruthless when I call the cops on you; Jessica spat.
###Chapter 3019
She hated men who were unreasonable. 
He was the one who gave up on her first; yet, he wanted to get back together with her so shamelessly now. 
"Please.Listen to me, Jessica" he said restlessly. 
"I told you that you don't have to explain anything.I don't want to listen to any of your explanations either.It doesn't matter if what you did was something voluntary or because you were helpless.It has nothing to do with me anymore.Leave now, please.Otherwise, I'm going to call the cops.I have other matters to tend to, so I won't entertain you anymore." 
With that said, she turned and went back into the bookstore. 
What a stubborn woman! She knew that I had no choice back then but is still so ruthless towards me.His expression slowly darkened at the thought of it. 
Jessica's reaction was actually extremely normal and she didn't go too far at all. 
The one who crossed the line had always been Caspian. 
Before all this happened, Joan and Larry had warned him countless times but he never listened. 
And now, he landed himself in hot water. 
Not only was he unable to salvage his relationship with Jessica, but Lisa was also clinging to him. 
His life was just like a drama now.
"How can you be so cruel, Caspian?" Lisa cried as she ran towards him. 
Then, she grabbed tightly onto his arm and didn't let go. 
"What are you trying to do?" the man's guard went up as he asked. 
What was she trying to do? She was obviously going to pester him. 
Lisa sneered and a disdainful look appeared on her face. 
"I want to be with you, Caspian.I really like you for who you are.We've been together for so long, you must've felt it, right? I'll give birth to your children in the future, and I'll cook and clean for you" she said coquettishly. 
Is that so? Would you still say that if I didn't have the money? What a joke! "Get lost! I will never be with you!" Caspian shouted. 
And then what? Are you going to get back together with that b*tch Jessica? Lisa stared coldly at him and her eyes were filled with disdain.She was very familiar with Jessica's personality and temper. 
Since Caspian did something to betray her or crossed her bottom line, she would never forgive him easily. 
If you don't turn back and be with me now, it won't be as simple as losing just a woman for you. 
Little did she know, the man had already planned something. 
He had already decided that regardless of whether Jessica agreed to reconcile with him, he would never have any ties with the woman before him. 
Both of them continued with their squabble in front of Jessica's bookstore, catching the attention of the people around them.
Then, a familiar voice sounded from behind him, "Caspian!" 
Lisa's body trembled and fear was written all over her face. 
"Larry!" 
Caspian instantly walked over and greeted. 
"Seems like it's quite lively here" 
Larry deliberately said and the woman subconsciously took a few steps back. 
"What, were you guys fighting in front of my sister's bookstore?" 
His sister? Lisa looked up at him in confusion. 
When did Jessica become his sister?Sh*t! I've offended someone so powerful!He wouldn't ask for the money back from Caspian, would he? 
"It's my fault, Larry.I shouldn't have come here" Caspian said with his head down. 
"Yes, it's true that you're in the wrong.But, as the saying goes, it takes two to tango.I believe this woman here is involved as well, right?" 
he replied as he turned around to look at her. 
Lisa was left dumbfounded in an instant. 
What do I do now? He wouldn't hit me, would he? She panicked. 
"Um, I'm so sorry, Mr.Norton.I didn't know this is your sister's bookstore.Sorry for the trouble.I have something else to tend to so I'll take my leave now."
With that said, she quickly turned and left.
###Chapter 3020
Caspian finally heaved a sigh of relief as he watched her leave. 
Sadness rose in Larry's chest when he saw the former's panicked look.You shouldn't have done it in the first place.He shook his head and sighed before walking into the bookstore. 
Caspian hesitated for a moment but decided not to enter and left.He was too embarrassed to face Jessica now. 
"Hey, how have you been doing? Are you doing alright?" Larry asked softly while studying his surroundings. 
"What? Don't you believe in me? Don't worry. I'm doing great. Who knows, I might even be able to do something bigger!" Jessica said as she walked over to him. 
Oh? She's getting more and more ambitious! He then patted her shoulder. 
He was relieved, but sadness flashed across his face for a second. 
What's that saying again? Once bitten, twice shy? Caspian hurt her so she must have been traumatized, right? He was worried for her. 
"What do you plan to do next, Jessica?" he asked. 
Plans? What else can I do? I've completely let go of my love affair now. 
All I want to do is focus on my career and achieve groundbreaking success with it. 
"I want to open up a few chain stores" she smiled and answered awkwardly.
She knew that she didn't actually want that. 
Larry stared at her but said nothing. 
Oh, forget it.I should just let her do what she wants. 
These things still need to depend on fate anyway. 
They can't stop it if fate does its job. 
"Alright, you should head back now.If Joan knows that you're here again, she's going to get jealous" Jessica said as she pushed him, trying to get him to leave. 
"Who said that I would be jealous? I already know that Larry's going to be here" Joan said with a smile as she walked over. 
"Don't worry.I wouldn't think much about it even if the both of you slept in the same bed," she added deliberately. 
She believed in their relationship and she trusted that Jessica wouldn't do anything. 
"Wow.Then, are you really not afraid that Larry and I would actually sleep together?" Jessica asked purposely. 
"You can try” the former answered with a smile. 
"What rubbish! You can just keep Larry to yourself.The man I want must be much more outstanding than he is" the latter replied. 
"Hey, what do you mean by that? Are you saying that I'm not good enough for you?" Larry asked loudly. 
The women standing before him instantly laughed out loud.
Jessica was obviously just joking. 
Otherwise, she wouldn't have fallen in love with Caspian previously. 
Sometimes, when the love was strong enough, nothing else mattered anymore. 
With that, the three of them chatted happily for a while before Larry and Joan left together. 
"Do you think Jessica has really let go of him?" Joan asked curiously as she glanced at the man beside her. 
How can she let something like this go so easily? A cold look flashed across Larry eyes.He had witnessed her relationship with Caspian the whole time. 
Everything that happened with that man seemed to be unforgettable so there was no way she could let go just like that. 
Larry shook his head and sighed but said nothing. 
Ring... 
Ring... 
"Mr.Norton, there are some matters that need your attention; his assistant's anxious voice sounded over the phone.Didn't I settle everything already? He scratched the back of his head in confusion. 
"Um, one of the managers wants to discuss a project with you" she continued. 
Larry instantly stopped the car beside the road and explained everything to Joan.
She got down from the car and he finally drove off.She smiled as she watched the car go and didn't get angry at all. 
The woman looked up at the sky and took in a deep breath.She was relaxed and happy. 
However, she didn't know just what was awaiting her.
###Chapter 3021
"Miss, do you really want to do this? Someone's going to die because of it!" 
A distance away, a man was on a call in his car and his voice trembled as he spoke. 
"I'll add another million!" 
The woman's voice over the phone was especially cold. 
In an instant, the man straightened his back and his eyes lit up. 
"Alright, alright.Rest assured, I'll definitely take care of everything" he answered while smiling before finally hanging up. 
Oh, Joan Watts. 
Don't you blame me for this. 
If anything, you should blame yourself for being so outstanding and for getting her attention. 
With that, the man stepped on the gas pedal and sped forward. 
The weather is great today. 
Joan looked up at the sky and smiled, not noticing the car speeding towards her from behind. 
"Joan!" a man suddenly shouted and took her in his embrace. 
Joan was taken aback.
What is happening? The man in the car couldn't accept that his plan failed and he punched his steering wheel angrily before driving away. 
"Are you okay?" Jake asked softly as he studied the woman. 
"I'm fine; she answered and quickly pushed him away. 
What was with the car earlier? Joan's heart was beating so fast as she watch as the car drove further and further away. 
"It seems like someone's trying to get you killed," Jake mumbled. 
It was true that someone wanted to harm her. 
She clenched her fist and she felt a chill down her back. 
It's been so long and Della has already changed for the better. 
Who else would it be? For some reason, Abelyn surfaced her mind. 
Could it be her? But even if she hates me, she wouldn't have resorted to something like this, right? Joan was extremely anxious and felt that she should talk to the woman in mind. 
"Let's go. nI'll send you home." 
As he spoke, Jake led her into his car. 
"Thank you so much, Jake" she forced a smile and answered. 
"How are you planning to thank me? Are you going to offer yourself in return?" he said. 
Joan fell silent instantly as she couldn't believe that he said something like that.
Anger and guilt filled her heart right then. 
"Alright, alright.I was just kidding.Just treat me to a meal" Jake said. 
The woman heaved a sigh of relief upon hearing that.She was really afraid that he would do something to her and Larry again. 
Soon enough, the car stopped in front of a restaurant. 
The inside of the restaurant had a cozy atmosphere with sentimental music playing. 
The sweet smell of rose filled the air and Joan could feel herself relax a little as they made their way inside. 
"How is it? Are you feeling better now?" Jake whispered in her ear. 
She nodded awkwardly. 
"What? You're telling me you failed? What's the matter with you? Is it that hard to fake an accident?" 
Abelyn questioned coldly. 
"No, miss.Listen to me.I was about to hit the woman earlier but a man appeared out of nowhere." 
Aman? Abelyn squinted her eyes and looked out the window as she fell into deep thought. 
How could it be so coincidental? Wait? That man couldn't have known about my pian, could he? But that can't be it. 
Besides myself and the hitman, there shouldn't be a third person who would know about this. 
"Alright.You should move overseas, don't stay here anymore."
She hung up once she was done giving the man some brief instructions. 
Besides Larry, the only other person who cares so much about Joan would be Jake. 
Instantly, Abelyn understood what happened right away. 
"What are you thinking about, Abelyn? Let's go" Dustin said as he picked up the coat on the couch.
###Chapter 3022
Hmm?Where are we going? Abelyn turned around and gave Dustin a puzzled look. 
Tapping her gently on her head, Dustin pretended to be affectionate by reminding her softly. 
"What's wrong? Have you forgotten again? Didn't we agree to it earlier? We were supposed to go out for dinner tonight" 
Actually, Dustin overheard the phone call earlier. 
Although he wasn't entirely clear, he still had a good grasp of what was going on. 
"Oh, that’s right.I'm sorry.I've forgotten.Come, let's go now:" 
Meanwhile, a reporter had managed to take a photo of Joan dining with Jake in the restaurant. 
"Why aren't you home yet?" Larry asked with concern. 
"I'm heading back in a short while" Joan stalled. 
"What are you doing? Where are you?" Larry continued to ask. 
After a slight hesitation, Joan chose to lie. She knew that Larry would be furious if he knew she was having dinner with Jake. 
"Is that Larry on the line?" Jake asked as he sipped his coffee. 
Joan smiled slightly without answering. 
Of course, it's him.
Who else could it be? Jake sneered in displeasure. 
"Hack..." Suddenly, Joan coughed softly. 
"What is it, Joan?" 
Jake raised his head and gave Joan a concerned look. 
Joan grimaced as she continued to cough. 
Worried, Jake approached and patted her on her back to help relieve her cough. 
At that moment, both of them looked intimate. 
Meanwhile, that same scene was being photographed. 
Bam! Larry slammed the pictures forcefully onto the ground. 
"Mr.Norton." 
His assistant was taken aback and recoiled in fear. 
"Where did these pictures come from?" Larry asked right away. 
Lowering her head, his assistant replied with a trembling voice. 
"They were delivered in an envelope where there was no information on the sender. 
An anonymous sender!Who is trying to sow discord between me and Joan?Wait, can it be him? Raising his head to look out the window, Larry's eyes were filled with murderous intent. 
Jake, I hope you're not the one behind this.
Or else, I'm not going to let you off easily. 
"Mr.Norton, why don't you ask Ms. Watts about it?" the assistant suggested meekly. 
What's the point in asking about something like this?It's obvious that Joan has been framed. 
Larry's expression darkened.He knew Joan's temperament very well. 
Hence, he was sure that Joan definitely wouldn't share a meal with Jake unless there were extraordinary circumstances. 
Therefore, something must have happened. 
Soon, it was getting dark. 
After packing up, Larry left his office at once. 
However, when he returned to the villa, he couldn't find Joan anywhere. 
What's going on?Why isn't she home yet? Larry was suddenly on his guard. 
No, can it be that something has happened to her? Larry turned around and got into his car. 
At that moment, Joan was resting in the hospital. 
"It's alright.Don't worry.Just be more careful next time while eating." 
She had an allergic reaction at the restaurant because of something she ate. 
The chef had discreetly added into her food something that she was allergic to. 
"Doctor, will she be alright?" Jake asked with concern.
"Don't worry.She'll be fine.However, as her boyfriend, you're doing quite a good job; the doctor remarked with asmile. 
Suddenly, silence filled the air. 
"He's not my boyfriend" 
Joan clarified immediately. 
At that moment, the doctor felt awkward and quickly left after giving some instructions. 
In the ward, Joan was alone with Jake, causing the atmosphere to feel awkward.
###Chapter 3023
"I'd better head home now." 
Just as she spoke, Joan got up. 
"Don't, you should rest here first.There's no hurry.Don't worry, I'll send you home later" Jake replied at once. 
However, Joan didn't want him to do that. 
After all, she didn't want to have anything to do with him, let alone allow Larry to find out that they were together. 
"You should go back first.I'll be fine once I have rested" Joan added. 
Obviously, she is trying to chase me away. 
However, he had expected it for he knew she had wanted to avoid any misunderstanding.But, is it necessary to go that far? Jake shot her a glance with a forlorn expression. 
"Joan, don't worry, I won't do anything to you; he explained.But it still isn't a good idea for Larry to see us together.Joan lowered her head, not knowing what to say. 
Ring! Ring! It was Larry on the line. 
"Where are you?" He sounded concerned over the line. 
"I'm outside; she replied nervously. 
"Where are you? I'll come to pick you up."
Larry tried his best to suppress his emotions as he sounded visibly upset. 
"You don't have to pick me up.I'll return home by myself soon." 
"Joan!" 
Larry bellowed all of a sudden, causing Joan to be stunned. 
Just as expected, he was now angry. 
"I'm at the hospital." She finally relented. 
Having seen what happened, Jake pondered to himself. He had no intention of breaking Larry and Joan up. 
After all, he was aware that he didn't have the ability to do so anyway. It was just that he missed her. 
After a while, Larry arrived at the hospital entrance. 
Thump! The door to the ward swung open. 
When Larry saw Jake standing by the window, his expression was filled with rage. 
"Larry; Joan quickly greeted him in panic. 
She was a little panicked as she was afraid that Larry would beat Jake up by impulse and that both of them would get hurt. 
Larry gave Jake the side-eye before walking up to her bed, forcing himself to smile. 
"How are you feeling? Better? What did the doctor say?" he fired off his questions with a worried expression.
His words touched Joan as she had assumed that he would be angry. 
Contrary to her expectations, he was more concerned about her. 
As for Jake, he too was shocked by Larry's reaction. 
What's going through his mind?Under normal circumstances, he should have beaten me up by now. 
Looking at him curiously, Jake was puzzled at Larry's reaction. 
Suddenly, Larry stood up and smiled at Jake, causing Joan to be shocked. 
"Thank you for taking my girlfriend to the hospital." 
It was a long while before Jake regained his senses and replied, "It's alright. That was the least I could do" 
"Alright. Larry, let's go home." 
Just as she spoke, Joan got out of bed and walked toward him. 
After tousling her hair, Larry held her hand with a smile as they left the ward together. 
Watching them leave, all Jake felt was the burning of his heart. 
Joan, my feelings don't seem to matter to you at all. 
It appears the only one you truly care about is Larry. 
With that, Jake turned to leave. 
In the car, Larry asked Joan on purpose, "Why were you with him?"
"Erm, it was just a coincidence" Joan replied with an awkward smile. 
ls that so? Larry smiled but behind it was a hint of displeasure. 
Why doesn't she explain? For some reason, Larry felt uneasy. 
His trust for her was one thing but the need for her to explain was another. 
On the way home, the car was awfully quiet. 
"Larry, I'm tired. I'll go to bed first." 
Joan went upstairs as she said that. 
"Huh, wait. Don't you have anything to say to me?" 
Larry got straight to the point.
###Chapter 3024
"Whatever it is, let's talk tomorrow.I'm really tired." 
Right after she spoke, she headed upstairs. 
Watching her silhouette, Larry felt upset. 
Forget it, we'll talk about it some other time. 
With that, he turned around and headed to the gym. 
The next day, it was just as quiet. 
Stretching herself, Joan opened her eyes gradually.She then massaged her temple to awaken herself further. 
Where's Larry? Her right hand felt around the empty spot beside her. 
Has he gone to work? She quickly checked her phone and saw that it was already eight. 
After getting up, she washed up before leaving the house. 
Recently, the weather had been great and was excellent for an outing. 
Since Larry was busy with work every day, she decided to go out on her own to ease her mind. 
"Ah!" 
Facing the sea, she stretched out her arms to relax. 
Little did she know that there was someone glaring at her nefariously from behind.
The man asked the woman beside him, "Is it her?" 
‘Yes, that’s her. She's your target!" the woman affirmed while patting him on the shoulder. 
Her eyes were filled with murderous intent. 
Excellent!Joan, you have finally shown up! Abelyn looked at the man from afar with a smug expression. 
"Hi, miss, are you alone?" 
Suddenly, a handsome man approached Joan and greeted her. 
"What do you want?" 
Joan questioned. 
Given that she was someone guarded, she naturally didn't want to interact with any strangers. 
After all, she had been through so much that she couldn't help but be vigilant all the time. 
"I'm all by myself too; the man replied as he looked out to the sea, hiding his insidious expression. 
"Oh, there's something I need to attend to.I'm leaving first" 
Just as she spoke, Joan turned to leave. 
"Wait, can you chat with me for a while? My girlfriend had just died in a car accident" the man remarked softly, feigning sadness with his head lowered. 
When she heard his words, Joan couldn't help but sympathize.He must be feeling devastated now. 
After scrutinizing the man's expressions, her gaze darkened.
There's no harm in chatting with him for a while. 
Joan sat down by the beach while looking calmly out to the sea. 
"If your girlfriend were still alive, she wouldn't want to see you this way” Joan commented with a dispassionate tone. 
Turning to look at Joan, a smile broke out on his face. 
Finally, she took the bait. 
He felt rather relieved. 
"We were together for five years and had planned to get married. 
No one expected her to suddenly meet with a car accident; the man said as tears streamed down his cheeks. 
Given how rare it is for a man to cry, he must have loved his girlfriend deeply. 
Joan was heartbroken by his response. 
"She was such a kind and innocent girl. 
Why did God have to take her away? God isn't fair.She should have had a perfect life. 
Unfortunately... 
Given how emotional the man had become, Joan didn't know what to say to console him. 
She empathized with him and understood his feelings.
However, she was oblivious to the fact that this was all just a charade. 
Suddenly, the man, with a pitiful expression, hugged Joan and refused to let go. 
"Hey! Let go! Hey!" 
Joan struggled and screamed at the same time. 
"Just let me hug you for a while, alright? You really look like her" the man uttered suddenly. 
What?! look tike his girlfriend? Joan was stunned. 
This can't be right as it's too much of a coincidence.Is this a trap? Joan looked upset as she increased her vigilance.
###Chapter 3025
"Let go of me! Let go of me first!" she yelled as she patted him on the back. 
Let go of you? No way!Why would I easily let go given how hard it was to seize this opportunity? The man sneered and glowered at the same time. Forget it. 
Didn't you feel like crying just now?I'll let you cry all you want! She wanted to see how long he could cry. 
Just like that, the man hugged Joan and continued crying while Joan stopped comforting him. 
This is strange. 
Why isn't she saying anything? The man's sobs gradually toned down and suddenly, the atmosphere became awkward. 
"I'm sorry that I lost my composure.I just couldn't control my emotions when I saw you just now.Otherwise, I wouldn't have struck up a conversation with you," the man sobbed in reply while sniffling his nose. 
Joan gave him the side-eye as her expression darkened. 
She still believed him when he claimed to have lost his girlfriend and needed some comfort. 
But, after he hugged her and alleged that she looked like his girlfriend, she realized the man couldn't be trusted. 
There's no way such a coincidence would exist in this world. 
"I'm sorry, I need to go home.My husband is waiting for me"
Joan remarked on purpose before getting up and preparing to leave. 
"Can we have a meal together? As a way for me to say goodbye to her?" 
What?A meal?Goodbye?What's wrong with you?if you want to say goodbye, you should visit her grave instead! Why do you need to tell me that?Besides, there's no reason for two strangers to dine together. 
"I'm sorry, but I'm running short on time.Hence, I need to go." 
Just as she spoke, Joan turned to leave. 
When the man saw how determined she was, he ran ahead of her and blocked her way. 
"Let's have a meal together, I beg of you," the man pleaded as he dropped to his knees. 
Joan was stunned by his reaction as she had not encountered such a situation before. 
"Alright, alright.Get up first.I'll eat with you.Get up quickly." 
Just as she spoke, Joan helped the man up. 
Suddenly, the man became extremely excited. 
Given how sad he was just a moment ago, his reaction raised Joan's suspicions that he was being hypocritical. 
However, since she had agreed to his request, she had no choice but to keep her word. 
After collecting herself, she went to a nearby restaurant with the man. 
"What would you like to eat?" he ask with a hopeful gaze. 
"I...I'll just have a coffee.
Actually, I'm not hungry; Joan quickly replied with a smile. 
She knew it paid to be prudent when eating with a stranger. 
Not to mention that she felt the man had a greater agenda than he was letting on. 
Perhaps, he might do something after this. 
Holding to that thought, Joan became vigilant and asked on purpose, "You seemed to have had a good relationship with your girlfriend" 
Suddenly, the man was stunned as he didn't expect Joan to inquire on her own accord. 
Nevertheless, he was excellent at lying. 
Despite that, Joan believed that there would definitely be a flaw in his lie. 
"Mmm-hmm.We did enjoy a wonderful relationship together.If not for the accident, we would have been married" the man explained as he ate. 
He looked as if he was enjoying his food. 
Under normal circumstances, a man in his situation wouldn't have the mood to enjoy anything. 
When she saw how nonchalant he was, Joan grew more certain of her suspicion. 
I just can't believe this man! But what is he trying to achieve by doing this? Joan fell deep into thought. 
There obviously isn't any bad blood between us. 
In fact, we haven't even met each other before.
However, why is he repeatedly trying to deceive me?What does he have to gain by obtaining my sympathy?ls he trying to cheat my money?
###Chapter 3026
"It's such a pity.Do you still remember how it was like when you first met?" Joan asked on purpose. 
"I remember.Of course, I do," the man replied immediately. 
His reply was so instantaneous and dramatic that he was obviously lying. 
None of his words contain a shred of truth! Joan sighed softly in response. 
Smiling awkwardly, she continued to ask, "Where did you both meet?" 
Strange, why is she asking so many questions?Can it be that she has noticed something? The man stared intently at Joan as if he was trying to get a clue. 
However, after having been through so much, Joan learned to hide her emotions very well. 
"It was a rainy day. My girlfriend was carrying a bunch of books and running across the street without an umbrella..." the man recounted with deep emotion. 
However, no matter how touching his story was, it didn't move Joan one bit. 
The reason was simple. 
The contents of his story were similar to that of a book she had read before. 
What a liar! Even the details do not differ much from the book. 
Joan snorted with her eyes filled with disdain. 
Why would someone mentally sound like him resort to such unscrupulous means? She just couldn't understand the thinking of young people nowadays.
Could it be that I have lost touch with what's trendy now? "What a touching story.Joan praised in an indifferent tone as she clapped on purpose.That goes without saying!After all, I have read tons of novels before.The man patted himself on the chest proudly.This is ridiculous.He can't even tell when I'm being sarcastic. 
"In that case, why don't you go and console your girlfriend's parents?" Joan suddenly asked. 
What's there to console?She is a fictional person after all. 
The man cleared his throat and smiled. 
"Of course, I wanted to comfort them.It's just that they are both not in good health. 
After hearing the news of their daughter's death, they were unable to accept what happened, the man explained. 
Joan mocked his answer in her heart. 
He really is a fantastic liar. 
Looking outside toward the sky, Joan remarked, "I'm sorry, it's getting late.I need to go home now." 
However, the man didn't allow her to leave. 
"Come on! We were just getting started" he replied immediately. 
Good grief! We have been sitting here for more than an hour. If I don't leave now, I might not be able to do that later. 
Joan stood up at once and turned to leave. 
Suddenly, the man grabbed her arm.
"Hey, can you not leave? Stay with me for a while longer, he pleaded with a pitiful expression. 
It seems he is adamant at Keeping me here. 
Joan straightened her clothes and glared at the man angrily. 
"You asked me to accompany you for a while and I did for a long time.I even shared a meal with you at your request. 
For goodness sake, we don't even know each other Joan complained. 
She could no longer tolerate how clingy and greedy the man was, not to mention the fact that he kept lying to her. 
On the surface, he was trying to elicit her sympathy with his sob stories. 
Unfortunately, Joan wasn't buying any of it as she had seen through him early on. 
"I'm very tired.I'm sorry but I need to go home.Or else, my boyfriend will call the police," Joan warned. 
Whoa! Call the police?!s she threatening me? The man shot a contemptuous glance at her, with his eyes filled with disdain. 
Is a filthy woman like you even worth Larry Norton calling the police over?
###Chapter 3027
Nowadays, rich men are never short of women. 
As time goes by, Larry will forget about you. 
"Let's chat a while longer and I'll personally send you home; the man proposed. 
He's making it sound like I begging him to do so! "Alright, ten more minutes. 
That's all I ask for. 
Stay with me for ten more minutes and I'll send you home." 
Just as he spoke, he pressed Joan back onto the sofa. 
"Waiter! Another two cups of coffee please, the man hailed the waiter and ordered. 
Fine. 
Ten more minutes. 
After all, it will be over real quick. 
Joan put her hand under her chin with an emotionless expression. 
"I'll need to go to the ladies." 
Suddenly, she stood up and headed to the washroom. 
At that moment, the man slipped a packet of powder into her coffee.
When Joan returned, the man pretended to look awkward as he apologized, "I'm sorry for taking up your time." 
"It's alright" Joan replied with a smile. 
Damn him! Despite knowing that he is imposing himself on me, he still doesn't allow me to leave. 
What is his agenda? Joan scrutinized the man curiously. 
"Your coffee is getting cold? the man reminded, pointing to her coffee. 
"Oh; she plainly replied and quickly drank it. 
Strange, why does the coffee taste different? Joan smacked her lips and felt that something was wrong. 
It didn't taste like this earlier. 
Oh shit! I've been drugged. 
Joan looked up and glared at the man vigilantly. 
No, I have to tell Larry. 
Or else, I'll be in big trouble. 
Joan whipped out her phone and sent Larry a message. 
Ding! Right after Larry checked his phone, he sprang up from the sofa, grabbed his jacket, and dashed out.
"Mr.Norton, where are you going? There's still a lot that needs your attention..." his assistant called out from him. 
"I'll get to it when I'm back!" 
Larry yelled in reply. 
Given that Joan was in danger, there was no way he could ignore her over some work. 
Larry glowered with his fists clenched. 
Speeding all the way, he wondered who it was that was causing all this trouble. 
"Why is he driving like a madman?" 
"Yea, he could kill someone driving like that." 
"Doesn't that car belong to the president of Norton Corporation?" 
Along the street a group of bored women gossiped. 
"Argh, I feel very sleepy..." 
Joan uttered weakly as she pounded her head. 
Finally, as the effect of the drug kicked in, the man stared at Joan with a sly expression. 
Let's see how long you can hold out for. 
He stroked his chin with a mischievous smile. 
Larry, come quickly! I can't endure it any longer.
Joan grabbed onto her sleeve tightly, trying her best to stay awake. 
"Let's go, I'll send you home." 
Just as he spoke, he helped her up. 
"No!" 
Joan avoided him and collapsed onto the sofa, looking exhausted. 
Da*n it, how shameless can he be! A cold glint flashed in her eye. 
Suddenly, Joan raised her gaze at the man and demanded, "Who are you?" 
"It doesn't matter who I am.You just need to know that you have to leave this place; the man replied casually.Leave this place?How dare he?Did I offend anyone?No, wait, I have hardly gone out recently.How could I have done anything? There must be more to this than meets the eye.
###Chapter 3028
"Tell me, who is it? Who sent you?" 
Joan demanded to know as she grabbed his arm. 
"That's enough.Save your strength.I'm not going to tell you." 
Just as he spoke, the man pulled her into his embrace. 
"Let go of me! You bast*rd, let go of me!" she screamed while struggling vehemently. 
"Stop!" 
Suddenly, Larry appeared in front of them. 
Stunned, the man looked at Larry in disbelief. 
Where did he come from?How did he know about this place?Also, how did he know I was with Joan? "Let go of her! Or else, you will suffer a fate worse than death!" 
Larry glowered. 
The man panicked. 
Oh no! I've been caught red-handed. 
Larry will never let me off easily. 
With a nervous expression, the man hugged Joan tightly. 
"Let me go, or she will be the one to suffer!"
At that instant, Larry's eyes were filled with murderous intent. 
Da*n it, how dare he behave so impudently in front of melt seems like he has a death wish. 
"Let me warn you.If anything happens to her, your whole family will suffer with you!" 
So what?After all, everyone in my family is dead except for me. 
The man snorted and looked just as contemptuous. 
He wasn't afraid at all. 
Larry stared at the man with a worried expression. 
However, he was unaware that the man was just pretending to be calm. 
"Let go of me, and I won't pursue this matter’ Joan offered while grimacing in pain. 
However, it was all too late. 
Who hasn't heard of Larry's reputation?Ruthless and cruel. 
He has never shown anyone any mercy. 
Even if I let the woman go, there's no way he will let me off lightly.No, ! must keep her with me. 
For the sake of Joan's safety, Larry decided to let the man leave. 
Thump! With a forceful push, the man shoved Joan into the car. 
Jumping in right after, he drove away quickly. 
As he watched the car leave, Larry gritted his teeth as rage welled up within him.
"Follow that car! Quick!" 
Larry's voice was icy cold. 
Looking at the car in front, Caspian's eyes flashed with anger. 
How dare he kidnaps Joan!He really has a death wish! When the man saw that they were tailing him closely, he began to panic. 
Da*n you, Larry! He sure is persistent!She's just a woman. 
What's the big deal?There are many others who are a lot prettier. 
So why insist on her? Bam! The man slammed his fist on the steering wheel as his eyes burned with anger. 
"Stop! I want to get down! I need to use the toilet!" 
Joan screamed as she struggled. 
"Shut up! Or you will suffer the consequences!" the man threatened. 
"You b*stard! Why did you drug me? Who ordered you to do so?" 
Joan began to tear off her clothing. 
This mission is getting increasingly difficult! No, I must ask for more money! The man took out his phone and made a call. Within a second, he got through. 
"More money!" 
His two words said it all.
When she heard him making a call, Joan kept quiet as she wanted to find out who it was that wanted to harm her. 
"How much more?" 
On the phone, the woman sounded calm.She spoke as if Joan's life didn't matter to her all. 
"Two hundred thousand," the man yelled.
###Chapter 3029
"Deal!" 
Just as she spoke, the woman ended the call. 
Throughout the call, the lady only spoke a few short words. 
Nevertheless, Joan was stunned as those few words were enough for her to recognize the voice. 
There's no mistake, that's Abelyn’'s voice. 
How can she do this to me?Why is she willing to pay so much to harm me? Extra two hundred thousand?0h dear, this is a joke! I didn't know my life was worth that much. 
Right after that, Joan was slumped in the back seat, looking depressed. 
Strange, why is she so quiet all of a sudden? Is it because of the phone call just now?But this isn't so bad. 
At least I don't have to hear her whine. 
There was a sly smile on his face. 
"Err... 
Actually, I don't want to dirty my hands by killing you. 
If you're willing, you can choose to go overseas and never come back; the man offered in an icy tone. 
ls that so?Since when did he become so magnanimous as to let me go? Feeling helpless, Joan snorted in response.
"Of course, the condition is that you have to be my girlfriend for one year; the man continued, stroking his chin. 
Pfft!Over my dead body! Even if I have to die in the car, I will never betray Larry! Bang! Suddenly, an oncoming car crashed into their vehicle. 
"Argh!" 
Shrieking, the man’s body was sent flying out of the car as it crashed into a tree. 
The impact caused Joan to lose consciousness right away. 
"Quick! To the hospital!" 
Jake cried out as he carried Joan out of the car. 
By the time Larry had arrived, there was no one left in the vehicle. 
Where have they gone? How did both of them disappear in such a short time? Larry scanned his surroundings in panic. 
"Joan, wake up, wake up." 
In the car, Jake called out to her repeatedly as he slapped her cheeks. 
However, there was no response from her at all. 
Soon, they arrived at the hospital entrance. 
When he saw Joan with her eyes tightly shut, Jake couldn't help but feel his heart ache. 
He took out his phone immediately and made a call.
However, no one answered it. 
Abelyn, oh Abelyn, you better pray that Joan is safe. 
Or else, I'll never forgive you! Jake gritted his teeth as rage welled up within him. 
After a long while, the doctor came out of the emergency room. 
"Doctor, how is she? Will she be alright?" 
Jake asked anxiously as he grabbed onto the doctor's arm. 
"Erm, we still have to go through a lot of tests before we can come to a conclusion.At this stage, there's nothing much to say" 
The doctor shook his head and sighed. 
What does he mean by that? Suddenly, Jake was shaken to his core. 
Does he mean she can't be saved? "Doctor, I beg of you, you have to save her! She's the most important person in my life.You have to save her no matter what; Jake bellowed.Instead of a plea, it came out sounding like an order. 
As the doctor wasn't absolutely confident, he gave Jake a cursory answer. 
After all, he didn't dare promise anything. 
"Joan!" 
Suddenly, Larry rushed over. 
Bam! Jake walked up to him and threw a punch into his face.
Holding his cheeks, Larry glared coldly at him. 
"Larry, I have warred you before to keep Jcan safe.But, you have done nothing at all!" 
Jake roared as he could no longer contain his anger. 
He had suppressed the urge to not see her nor think of her for a long time now. 
Unfortunately, g ven the repeated Incidents she was Involved in, there was no way he could keep himself calm. 
Looking in the direction of the ward, Larry's eyes were filled with guilt. 
After all, he did feel responsible. 
Straightening his clothes, he walked toward the ward but was stopped by Jake.
###Chapter 3030
"You do not deserve to see her! From today onward, she is no longer your girlfriend.She doesn't need your care and protection anymore" 
Jake declared resolutely. 
Larry was stunned in response. 
"What did you say? Larry is Joan's boyfriend. Naturally, he deserves..." 
Bam! Before Caspian could finish, a fist landed on his face. 
Wiping the corners of his mouth, he could feel blood oozing out from it. 
On the account that Jake saved Joan, Caspian restrained himself and didn't return his punch. 
"Let me go in and see her, Larry demanded with a dispassionate tone. 
"How dare you still have the cheek to face her? Larry, ask yourself what have you done for her ever since both of you got together? Did you really treat her like your loved one? Did you even protect her?" 
Did I not treat her like my lover?Didn't ! care for her?It was just that the recent failures were unavoidable accidents. 
"How is she? Is she awake?" 
Suddenly, Dustin emerged, looking anxious. 
"Not yet; Jake replied. 
Turning toward Dustin, Larry eyed him with suspicion.
What's with that look?Why is he looking at me like that? Dustin was curious. 
"Dustin, where's Abelyn?" Larry asked plainly. 
"Abelyn went shopping. I just gave her a call and she is rushing over here now; Dustin replied at once. Shopping?What a coincidence?! suspect she is the one behind this. 
"Where did she go shopping? Why aren't you with her? Who did she go with?" 
Larry's barrage of questions caused the atmosphere to turn awkward. 
What's the meaning of this?ls he suspecting Abelyn? After shooting him a glare, Dustin turned away to ignore Larry. 
"Dustin, where is Abelyn?" 
Larry pressed on. 
Finally, when Dustin had enough, he pushed Larry's hand away with an exasperated expression. 
"Larry, listen well. Abelyn is shopping and the reason I'm not with her is that I'm not feeling well. She went with Jessica to the mall today." 
Jessica? As if something occurred to him, Larry made a call right away. 
Dustin was outraged by Larry's reaction. 
Turning around, he walked toward the window where he calmed himself by taking deep breaths. 
He really is not sensitive at all!How can he call Jessica in front of me to verify if Abelyn is telling the truth? The more he thought about it, the angrier he got.
"Huh, how is Joan? Is she alright?" 
Suddenly, Jessica arrived with Abelyn right behind her. 
"She isn't awake yet.The doctor has instructed that she is not to be disturbed" 
Caspian explained at once. 
Meanwhile, there was a nervous look on Abelyn's face. 
Grabbing her hand, Larry demanded, "Abelyn, what did you do today?" 
Da*n it! He is getting out of line! With a forceful push, Dustin shoved Larry's hand away and pulled Abelyn behind him to protect her. 
"I went shopping today" 
Abelyn's voice was trembling as she replied with her head lowered. 
Shopping? In that case, why does she seemed so terrified? She must definitely have something to do with this. 
Larry ran up to her and gave her a fearsome glare. 
"Larry, let me warn you.Abelyn is under my protection so don't you dare lay your hands on her; Dustin roared. 
At that moment, Abelyn was so touched that she grabbed onto Dustin's arms, refusing to let go. 
In truth, when Abelyn invited Jessica to go shopping together, Jessica hesitated to accept. 
But given that they were friends, she agreed in the end.
It was just that she was puzzled by what was going on right now.
###Chapter 3031
Long ago, when Larry told her Abelyn didn't have good intentions, she believed Larry's words wholeheartedly. 
But given that Abelyn hadn't caused any harm after such a long time, she began to have her doubts. 
"Do you have anything to do with this?" 
Larry bellowed, unable to contain his anger. 
"No!" 
Abelyn asserted. 
Her instantaneous reply makes it even more suspicious. 
With a frustrated expression, Larry turned to look out the window with his eyes squinted. 
Her response had told him what he needed to know. 
Why did she commit such a vile act against one of her best friends? Thump! Larry slammed his fist into the wall. 
The next moment, blood started oozing out of his fingers, giving Jessica a shock. 
"Larry! What are you doing!" 
She hurried over and grabbed his sleeve. 
"Alright now, let's put this aside for the moment.
We'll continue when Joan is awake; she remarked anxiously while giving Larry a gentle nudge. 
"Caspian!" 
Suddenly an insidious voice rang out, giving everyone a headache. 
As for Jessica, she was suddenly filled with dread. 
Of all times, why does this damned woman have to cause trouble now? Clenching his fists, Caspian tried to calm himself down to face the impending problem. 
"Caspian, I feel terrible’ Lisa exclaimed as she approached, pretending to be in pain. 
Since you're not feeling well, you should see the doctor. 
What the point in looking for me? Caspian took a deep breath with his eyes filled with disdain. 
"You should see the doctor.I can't do anything to help you" 
Caspian snapped in an indifferent tone. 
Given how resolute his answer is, does it mean that he is going to abandon me just like that? As panic began to overwhelm her, Lisa gave Caspian a frustrated look. 
No, I must not let him out of my hands. 
Otherwise, my child will not have a father. 
In truth, the child's father had long absconded. 
"Caspian, I beg you.Given that I am carrying your child, take me to the doctor, alright?" she pleaded, tugging Caspian's sleeve.
What does that mean?The child isn't even mine. 
Why should I be responsible?Furthermore, I have already been lied to once and won't be deceived again. 
Does she really take me for a fool by trying to lie to me again? 
"Firstly, the child isn't mine. Secondly, you have already deceived me once and I won't be fooled again; Caspian declared resolutely. Given how clearly he has analyzed the situation, it seems he isn’t an idiot! Snorting, Lisa's eyes were filled with disdain. It was just a pity that everything was too late. 
After being fooled once, Caspian wasn't going to be deceived a second time. 
"You should go and never contact me again.Both of us have nothing to do with each other, Caspian declared before turning his face away to ignore her.It's going to be impossible to get rid of me! 
"Caspian, how can you abandon your child just by listening to a one-sided story? The woman that you spoke of wasn't there. How then did she know what was going on inside?" 
Lisa explained while wiping the tears off her eyes. 
What?The lady that I spoke to wasn't from the same broth*! as Lisa? Caspian began to grow wary. it was she who told me Lisa had someone else. 
And now, Lisa is claiming otherwise? What's really going on? Caspian was confused. 
Suddenly, Lisa dropped to her knees in front of Jessica and pleaded with tears in her eyes, "Jessica, I beg of you, give your blessing to Caspian and me alright? I really love him and can't survive without him. Besides, what will happen to the child?"
###Chapter 3032
Meanwhile, everyone was shocked at the turn of events. 
No one expected Lisa to come up with such a tactic. 
Suddenly, Jessica felt awkward. 
"Whatever that's going on between you and Caspian has nothing to do with me" 
Just as she spoke, she shoved Lisa away and walked into the ward. 
When she saw Joan lying on the bed, she couldn't help but feel depressed at how ironic things were. 
After all, both she and Joan were going through the same experience. 
"Is that woman here again?" 
Suddenly, Joan gradually opened her eyes. 
Just when Jessica was about to inform the rest that Joan was awake, Joan grabbed onto her arm. 
"Don't move. Let them continue arguing" 
Joan suggested weakly. 
Jessica sympathized with how exhausted Joan looked. 
Jessica pushed aside the fringes on Joan's forehead as she asked with concern, "Joan, what happened? How did you get yourself kidnapped?" 
Indeed, how did it happen? Joan closed her eyes gradually as tears flowed down her cheeks.
The moment she recalled the voice she heard in the car, she was overwhelmed with disappointment. 
When Jessica realized that Joan seemed to know the truth. 
She was all ears and waited eagerly for what Joan was about to say next. 
However, before Joan could say another word, she fell asleep instead. 
"Why isn't she awake yet?" 
Larry murmured anxiously. 
"Why don't all of you go back first while I watch over her here’ Jessica suggested calmly. 
Despite what she said, Larry felt that it was his responsibility as Joan's boyfriend to watch over her.He quickly walked up to Jessica and patted her on the shoulder. 
"You should head home first.After shopping for the whole day, you must be tired.I'll be fine by myself.As one was the woman he loved and the other was his godsister, he didn't want them to be exposed to any danger. 
"Larry, why don't I stay?" 
Caspian suggested loudly. 
"Caspian, are you really abandoning me?" Lisa asked coquettishly while pouting her lips. 
Larry looked up and glared at both of them coldly.He snapped, "Why don't you resolve your problems first." 
The next moment, Caspian's expression changed drastically.
Meanwhile, Abelyn was staring at Joan, worried that she would wake up anytime. 
"What's wrong? Why are your hands so cold?" Dustin asked softly while holding Abelyn's hands. 
Other than responding with an awkward smile, Abelyn remained silent. 
After all, she was worried that she would expose herself by saying too much. 
At the same time, Larry shot Abelyn a suspicious glance. 
After a long while, Joan still hadn't woken up. 
Dustin then took his leave together with Abelyn. 
On their way out, Abelyn even turned around to give Joan a final look. 
"Hey, Larry, what happened to you just now? Why did you flare your temper at Abelyn for no reason?" Jessica asked, patting him on his arm. 
"I suspect that she is behind Joan's kidnapping” Larry revealed. 
There was no need to him to hide anything from Jessica.He trusted her and was certain that she trusted him too.He was right to believe in her as Jessica would believe him. 
It was just that she couldn't think of a motive for Abelyn to harm Joan. 
"Whatever the reason is, I think even Joan herself doesn't know; he added as he continued watching Joan.That's right.Why does Abelyn want to harm Joan?That was something worth pondering about. 
"Did any conflicts happen between the three of you before?" Larry asked, staring at Jessica.
###Chapter 3033
Tilting her head, Jessica looked out the window.Her eyes were squinted as she fell deep into thought. 
The three of us always enjoyed our time together and cared for each other. 
Even if there were any conflicts, Joan isn't the kind of person to cause any trouble. 
That's not right. 
Joan and Abelyn never had any conflicts before. 
Unless... 
Suddenly, Jessica's eyes lit up. 
"Can Dustin be the reason?" 
She suddenly recalled how Dustin had always liked Joan. 
Larry raised his gaze at her and shook his head, indicating that he didn't agree with her supposition. 
No, Dustin is a responsible man. 
Since he has decided to be with Abelyn, he will definitely give her a sufficient sense of security. 
Hence, there's no way he still harbors any feelings for Joan. 
If not Dustin?What else can it be? Jessica bit her nails as she continued to rack her brains. 
"Hack..."
Joan grunted all of a sudden. 
Actually, she had heard everything they discussed. 
Larry was right. 
Even she didn't know why Abelyn wanted to hurt her. 
"Joan, you're awake.Are you feeling alright? Let me get the doctor." 
Just as he spoke, Larry prepared to leave the ward. 
"There's no need for that," Joan replied at once. 
"I'm just a little hungry” she added bashfully. 
The next moment, both Larry and Jessica burst into laughter. 
Given that she was thinking about food, it meant that she was fine after all. 
After chatting a while longer, Larry left the ward to buy some food for Joan. 
"Joan, you're finally awake.Did you know that you gave Larry a huge fright?" 
Jessica explained with a smile, holding Joan's hand. 
"I heard everything both of you said just now.Actually, I have no idea why Abelyn wants to harm me too" 
Joan remarked softly with her head lowered. 
At that moment, Jessica was stunned.
After all, they were suspecting during their earlier discussion. 
Although Larry and her suspected Abelyn to be the mastermind behind the kidnap, they couldn't be truly certain if it was her. 
However, judging by Joan's reaction, she had all but verified that Abelyn was indeed guilty. 
It appears that Abelyn really is the perpetrator. 
A cold glint flashed in Jessica's eye as anger built up within her. 
"Joan, did anything happen between the two of you? It's time to clear the air.Or else, there will only be more trouble ahead of us.Also, do you have any proof? We need to rely on the law to protect our own interests and safety" 
Jessica suddenly became serious. 
Joan clearly understood that Jessica was looking out for her. 
However, she felt the need to keep the matter under wraps. 
After all, Abelyn and her used to be best friends.She even risked her life to save her once. 
However, little did she know that the incident was the source of Abelyn's hatred toward her. 
"Alright, let's just leave it at that.Keep this a secret and pretend as if nothing happened? Joan muttered softly. 
How can I pretend that nothing has happened?This isn't something trivial like losing one's purse.We're talking about losing one's life.Jessica sprang to her feet with a fearsome expression on her face.
No, I will not rest until I have sought justice for Joan. 
"Who does Abelyn think she is? How dare she..." 
"I'm back! Joan, I got you your favorite meatloaf," 
Larry announced as he entered. 
"Hurray! That's my favorite food indeed! I'm going to eat now, so let's just talk later’ Joan remarked on purpose, worried that Larry would hear what Jessica was about to say. 
Sensing Joan's intention, Jessica kept quiet. 
She then took a seat on the sofa with a sullen expression. 
After receiving the food, Joan took a bite and declared with a smile, "Mmm, this is delicious as always."
###Chapter 3034
"Abelyn, why did you harm Joan?" Jessica asked coldly, staring at her. 
However, Abelyn didn't seem to care. 
How dare you accuse me of harming Joan?You don't have any evidence!In fact, your raging expression is simply laughable. 
After giving her the side-eye, Abelyn retorted in displeasure, "Jessica, don't you dare spout nonsense.What did I do? Besides, Joan is innocent and kind.Why would I even want to harm her?" 
Abelyn spoke as if she cared for Joan. 
How dare you not admit to your crime after committing it? Fine. 
You'd better hope that ! don't find any evidence. 
Or else, I’ll personally drag you to the police station. 
Clenching her fist, a frosty glint flashed in Jessica's eyes. 
What a sly woman you are! 
"If there's nothing else, I'm leaving now: With that, Abelyn left. 
"Where are you going? Aren't we going to see Joan?" Jessica called out to her. 
Doesn't she feel guilty at all? She is no longer the Abelyn I know. 
The Abelyn I know used to be reasonable and understanding.
Furthermore, she was easy to talk to. 
However, since when has she become so cruel and conniving?What changed her? Jessica glared angrily at Abelyn. 
"I have just visited her and she looks fine.Besides, I've many things to attend to, so I'll take my leave first"With that, Abelyn walked off.Watching her go, Jessica couldn't help but feel depressed. 
After all, they were best friends once. 
But now, they were all behaving like strangers to each other. 
At that moment, she realized that friends do change after all. 
Lowering her head, she couldn't help but sigh. 
It wasn't too long ago that the three of them did everything together. 
They drank, watched movies, shopped, and just enjoyed each other's company. 
But now, Abelyn had changed and no longer went out with them. 
Is it because of Dustin?I can't think of anything else. 
Jessica clenched her fist as her heart pounded furiously. 
She had wished for the culprit to be anyone else but Abelyn. 
Unfortunately, the truth couldn't be more obvious now. 
"What's wrong? Why do you look so gloomy?" 
Joan asked from her bed when she saw Jessica enter the room.
What else can it be? It's all because of Abelyn. 
"Joan, tell me, why does Abelyn want to harm you?" 
Jessica confronted her. 
Joan turned to look out the window as her gaze darkened. 
Good question, why indeed? As far as she could remember, she had never done anything to hurt Abelyn. 
Hence, she wondered what drove Abelyn to repeatedly plot against her. 
Weren't we all supposed to be the best of friends? How did that friendship turn sour into such animosity? After racking her brains, Joan was still puzzled. 
The only thing she could remember was that Abelyn changed after their escape from Della. 
Could this matter be related to Della? Joan's eyes were filled with sadness. 
What did Della tell her for her to hate me so much? Clenching the bedsheets, she was filled with conflicted emotions. 
"How are you feeling? Any better?" 
Suddenly, Della barged into the ward. 
What is she doing here? Joan increased her vigilance as she scrutinized Della. 
Didn't she draw the fine with Larry already?Why is she here at such a sensitive time? "Why are you here?"
Jessica got straight to the point. 
Jessica must still be thinking I'm here to harm Joan. 
Della shot her a glance before explaining with a smile, "I heard that you have encountered some trouble.Hence, I have decided to see how you're doing" 
Really? is that all you want? Jessica glared at Della doubtfully. 
You better not have anything up your sleeve. 
Or else, I'm not going to forgive you easily.
###Chapter 3035
Jessica gave Della a fearsome glare. 
Despite having heard that Della had turned over a new leaf, she didn't lower her guard as she was still wary of her. 
"Are you feeling better?" Della asked with a concerned tone. 
Raising her gaze at her, Joan nodded with a smile. 
After all, she knew Della's character well. 
Although she was stubborn and had committed many unscrupulous deeds, Joan couldn't deny that Della was a woman who was filial to the bone. 
Despite ignoring her father often and their constant arguments, she changed drastically once she knew her father was sick. 
"I'm fine.Don't worry.How's your dad? Is he getting better?" Joan asked out of courtesy. 
Suddenly, Della lowered her head.His condition is not improving. 
"Don't worry.I'm sure everything will be fine.Your dad is an optimistic man.Hence, you should also share his optimism" 
Joan quickly consoled her. 
True, Joan is right. 
At this stage, there's no time for me to wallow in my sorrow.
Nevertheless, Della was shocked at Joan's response. 
She had expected Joan to berate her or even hit her, and not to have accord her such a cordial response. 
At that moment, she understood why Larry was so adamant about marrying Joan. 
"Joan, do you hate me?" Della asked softly in a trembling voice. 
Joan smiled and shook her head. 
There's no point in hating. 
After all, it doesn't solve anything in the end. 
Instead of drowning oneself in hatred, would it be better to let go and live life according to one's wish. 
"The past is water under the bridge, so don't think too much about it.But, there is something I must ask you." 
Joan's expression suddenly became serious. 
"Sure, go ahead.I'll answer whatever I can; Della replied at once. 
"Ever since Abelyn was kidnapped by you..." 
Ring! Ring! Suddenly, Della's phone rang before Joan could finish. 
"It's my dad, I'll have to take the call first." 
Just as she spoke, Della walked out of the ward. 
After the long call, she said bye to Joan and left the hospital immediately.
Why is she in such a hurry?Did something happen? Joan began to worry. 
"Alright now, Joan.Don't go on worrying about others.What was it that you wanted to ask Della? Besides, why are you no longer angry with her after what she has done to you?" Jessica asked curiously. 
There's no explanation for that.! just can't go on hating her my entire life. 
"It's nothing, Jessica.Anyway, I'm hungry.Can you go buy me some meatloaf?" 
Joan changed the subject on purpose. 
After what Jessica had said to her, Abelyn raised her guard significantly. 
If even Jessica could think of it, the thought wouldn't escape Larry. 
Squinting her eyes, Abelyn fell into deep thought. 
"What are you thinking about?" Dustin asked softly while walking over. 
"Nothing in particular.Why are you back so early today?" Abelyn asked while forcing a smile. 
"Erm, I'm feeling under the weather today, so I have decided to come back earlier’ he replied casually. 
In truth, he had a burning question for Abelyn. 
But, he was worried that he would hurt her feelings if he were to ask her. 
The altercation between Larry and her at the hospital was stuck in his mind. 
He was well aware of Larry's calm character and that he wouldn't suspect anyone easily.
Hence, what happened that day did cause him to worry. 
Larry wasn't one to raise suspicion without good reason. 
Hence, when he accused Abelyn of being involved, there was likely some truth behind it.
###Chapter 3036
Dustin felt conflicted as he stared at her, confused. 
"What's wrong? Do you have something to confess to me?" 
Abelyn asked, patting him gently on his shoulder. 
After a brief hesitation, Dustin finally decided to clear his doubts. 
He carefully asked, "Abelyn, is there really nothing going on between you and Joan?" 
What?Is he suspecting me too? Abelyn gave him an icy glare. 
Da*n you, Dustin. 
Have you never trusted me all this while? As my boyfriend, shouldn't you believe me unconditionally? instead, how can you suspect me just like the others? Furthermore, even if I was in the wrong, there is more reason for you to protect me. 
The last thing you should be doing is to question me! 
"Dustin, what do you mean by that? What else can there be between Joan and me? Isn't she already warded after what happened? I just went to see her for a while.So what about it? Do you have a problem with that?" 
Abelyn pressured him in return. 
"No, no problem at all.It was just a casual question.Don't read too much into it" Dustin replied at once.
How can I not read too much into it?Your tone was filled with suspicion! "If there's nothing else, I got to go now." 
With that, Abelyn turned and went upstairs. 
Watching her leave, Dustin felt inexplicably nervous as he too was afraid.He was scared that she would do something impulsive behind his back. 
Turning around, he grabbed his jacket from the sofa and headed out. 
"What? Did you hear Abelyn’s voice? Are you sure, Joan? Do you have any recordings?" 
Jessica exclaimed in shock. 
What recording?Given the condition I was in, how do you even expect me to do that? Nevertheless, she felt fortunate to have at least known the truth. 
However, it didn't stop the truth from hurting. 
"What are you doing! Lower your voice; Joan admonished Jessica as she quickly scanned her eyes around.With a guilty expression, Jessica shut her mouth at once. 
However, both of them were oblivious to the fact that Dustin was standing by the door at that time. 
"Joan, are you sure? If you are, we should confront Abelyn over it. 
What gives her the right to do this to you? You didn't offend her in any way; Jessica ranted. 
Indeed, I have never done anything to her Unfortunately, she doesn't see it that way.Perhaps, from her perspective, I did offend her in some inexplicable manner.
"Enough.I would never have told anyone about it for the rest of my life if not for the fact that you keep bugging me.This is where the matter ends.Promise me that you're not going to tell anyone else. 
Or else, I'm not going to talk to you anymore; Joan demanded softly, pretending to look angry. 
Why?Why does she have to suffer in silence despite knowing that it was Abelyn?Why does she think that way? She's no different from anyone else. 
Does she think she can come out of this unscathed? Jessica fumed in her mind. 
"No! Joan, you may be too shy to confront her but I'm not.I will demand her to tell the truth.I don't believe she can get away just like that.With that, Jessica packed her things and prepared to leave. 
"Stop!" 
Joan bellowed. 
Oh dear, how can she be so impetuous!How are we going to face each other going forward once Jessica confronts Abelyn? Jessica turned around and stared curiously at Joan. 
"You're not allowed to confront her nor tell anyone else about this!" 
Joan declared resolutely. 
Her expression was so stern that Jessica couldn't help but recoil.
###Chapter 3037
"Joan, has it never crossed your mind that if you don't stop her, Abelyn will seize the opportunity and do something worse?" Jessica retorted emotionally. 
The consequences of doing nothing didn't escape Joan. 
It was just that she valued their friendship too much. 
"To hell with the relationship.Would she have committed such a despicable act against you if she saw you as her best friend? Joan, stop being in denial, I beg of you!" 
While Jessica was screaming anxiously inside, Dustin's heart sunk having heard everything. 
Abelyn, why did you do this ?Didn't you use to be kind? What caused you to become so cruel?Also, what's the reason for you to hurt Joan? With a frosty expression, Dustin supported himself with his hand on the wall. 
"Why aren't you going in?" Jake asked as he approached Joan's room. 
"Oh, I just received a phone call and have to deal with something" 
Dustin left right after he said that. 
What's going on? Furrowing his eyebrows with displeasure, Jake entered the ward and remarked, "Dustin was here just now." 
Suddenly, silence filled the air. 
Oh no! Did he hear our conversation just now? Joan became wary.
"What? Where is he? Where did he go?" Jessica asked immediately. 
"He's gone. He just left’' Jake replied as he put the fruits he brought on the table. 
However, Dustin had gone home by then. 
Abelyn was sitting in the living room, having some fruits. and watching television leisurely. 
How can she still be so calm?She's really good at scheming and lying now! Dustin gradually approached and sat down beside her. 
However, he didn't say a word for a long time. 
"What's wrong?" 
Abelyn turned to ask, sensing that something was amiss. 
"Why did you kidnap Joan? What did she do to you?" 
Dustin confronted her. 
Suddenly, Abelyn was stunned.How did he know? Abelyn stared intently at him, wondering how he had found out. 
"What's wrong? Did you think that your plan was perfect and that no one would find out?" 
Dustin snorted with disdain. 
Someone will always know sooner or later. 
"Dustin, what are you saying? What did I do to Joan?" Abelyn asked, feigning innocence.
She is really a hypocrite!How could I not notice after so many years? Dustin expression was icy cold as he let out a self-deprecating laugh. 
"You know what you did. Abelyn, let me give you a piece of advice. Stop harming others or you will be the one to suffer in the end" 
Dustin admonished her. 
In truth, he wasn't that angry over what she had done. 
What he really couldn't tolerate was her lies to him. 
If a couple has to hide and lie to each other, that is an indication that they had reached the end of their relationship. He liked Abelyn a lot to the extent that he couldn't tear himself away from her. 
Despite that, he was still an extremely rational man. 
To him, there were certain boundaries in life that should never be crossed. 
If Abelyn really did mastermind Joan's kidnap, he would not forgive her let alone Larry. 
Staring at Dustin coldly, Abelyn felt upset over his reaction. 
At the end of the day, Joan is the only one he truly cares about. 
What gives her that right?After such a long time, do I not mean anything to him? Dustin Silverman, what kind of man are you?How can you treat me this way?You are my boyfriend and clearly have feelings for me. 
But now, how can you think of another woman? Abelyn was heartbroken.
###Chapter 3038
She didn't know how to face him anymore. 
Not because she had done something wrong, but because she felt that his heart only belonged to Joan. 
"Did you do it? If you did, you should admit your wrongdoing and apologize to them" 
Dustin suggested in a dispassionate tone. 
Apologize to who?Joan or Larry?Why should I apologize? When Joan abandoned me with Della, why didn't she apologize to me? Abelyn snorted with a mocking expression. 
She insisted, "I didn't do anything wrong.Why should I apologize?" 
How much more stubborn can she be?Does she not feel any shame at all? Staring at her, Dustin was filled with disappointment. 
Abelyn oh Abelyn, I was wrong about you. 
Clenching his fist, a cold glint flashed in Dustin's eye. 
"Do you think that just by denying it vehemently, they can't do anything to you? Let me burst the bubble for you, Abelyn. 
Joan knew that you were responsible since the beginning. 
It was just that she tried to keep it a secret. 
When you were talking with the kidnapper on the phone, she had heard everything!"
Dustin bellowed as he had lost his patience with her. 
Suddenly, Abelyn was stunned. 
She had not expected Joan to have known all along. 
No! That can't be!How did she overhear the conversation? Abelyn tilted her head and blinked as if she was deep in thought. 
Finally, she recalled that the man had indeed called her when he had captured Joan. 
The next moment, Abelyn collapsed onto the sofa ina daze. 
It's over.It's all over. 
"What now? Are you feeling guilty now? Are you ready to admit it? Abelyn, what happened between you and Joan for you to commit such a cruel act on her?" Dustin quickly asked. 
There had to be an explanation for what she did as Abelyn wouldn't have harmed Joan for no reason.He knew Abelyn well and was certain that she wasn't the kind that was capable of such cruelty. 
"Do you mean I am being cruel to her? Dustin, you have got to be kidding me! I'm your girlfriend, alright? When she was cruel to me, were you even there? No! All you saw was me being cruel to her." 
"When she abandoned and manipulated me, all of you were only concerned with her safety.None of you cared about whether I lived or died.In fact, my feelings didn't matter at all? Abelyn complained in tears. 
What is she talking about?Since when did I not treat her as my girlfriend?Since when was she abandoned by Joan? Dustin knew Joan's temperament well and was certain that she would never have betrayed a friend.
Therefore, there had to be some misunderstanding in between. 
"Abelyn, explain to me what happened?" he quickly asked. 
"What happened? You're only asking that now? What about last time? Why didn't you ask me then?" Abelyn asked sarcastically. 
"When you first told me that you liked me, I really believed that you did.But after that, I slowly noticed that Joan is the only one that you truly care about!" 
"When we were both abducted by Della, everyone was worried about her safety and no one was concerned with mine’ At that moment, Dustin understood everything.It was now clear that Abelyn wasn't the mastermind. 
Instead, it was Della! With his eyes filled with sympathy, Dustin ran up to her and held her hand. 
"Abelyn, listen to me.It isn't what you think it is.Right after Joan was rescued, the first thing she said when she awoke was your name.You have to believe me; Dustin explained anxiously.ls that so?What happened after that?Why did anyone not look for me?What a joke! Only a three year old would buy that lie.
###Chapter 3039
With a forceful push, Abelyn shoved Dustin aside. 
"Why didn't you voice your doubts? You could have asked Joan directly about it. Instead, you chose to commit such an atrocity behind her back" 
Dustin remarked in disappointment. 
So what?She was the one who started it.If she hadn't abandoned me and left me with Della, I wouldn't have schemed against her. it's all her fault! She is the one who forced me into the corner. 
"Dustin, you're the only one whom I have spoken to about this. As to what you decide to do, it's entirely up to you." 
Just as she spoke, Abelyn headed upstairs. 
Up to me?How am ! to even go about this?0n one side is the one I love now. 
On the other, is the one I have loved for many years. 
How do I even make a choice? Should I hide the truth?! would be betraying Joan then. 
Should ! expose her instead?But I can't bear to see anyone harming her. 
However, what Dustin didn't consider was that the harm that Abelyn had to suffer was actually her punishment. 
As Dustin sat on the sofa, he lifted his head and stared blankly at the ceiling. 
As of now, Jessica knows the truth.
Even if I don't tell anyone else about what Abelyn has just said, Jessica would definitely tell Larry given her temperament. 
The only consolation is that Joan doesn't want to pursue the matter at all. 
Abelyn oh Abelyn, how did you end up being so irrational? With a helpless expression, Dustin looked in the direction of her room. 
"Are you sure?" Larry asked coldly in his office. 
"Yes! Absolutely sure! Joan told me herself" 
Jessica answered resolutely on the phone. 
lt seems my suspicion is right. 
With an angry expression, Larry threw the documents he was holding aside. 
No, I must confront Abelyn to get to the bottom of this.What drove her to harm Joan?Why did she choose to destroy such a precious relationship? Knock! Knock! The knocks were loud and jarring. 
In the living hall, Dustin sprang to his feet from the sofa. 
Who is it? He became wary at once. 
It doesn't sound like a woman as their knocks wouldn't have been so strong. 
Can it be that Larry is here to hold Abelyn accountable? Dustin suddenly felt uneasy while Abelyn was still lying on her bed with her eyes closed as if nothing had happened. 
"Hi, Larry, what brings you here?" Dustin asked with a smile.
"Move! Where is your girlfriend? Get her down here. 
I have something to ask her Larry demanded. 
Given how furious he was, Dustin surmised that Larry had found out the truth about the kidnapping. 
Just as expected, Jessica had told him. 
Dustin scratched the back of his head, feeling awkward. 
"Abelyn is not at home.What do you want to see her for? Just tell me, and I'll pass the message" Dustin replied quickly. 
Not at home?How is that possible?All this while, she would either be shopping, at the movies or sleeping at home. 
Given how bad the weather is now, what is she doing outside? As Larry scrutinized Dustin, he suspected that he was being lied to. 
Larry understood and empathized with Dustin. 
But, he still had to get to the bottom of the matter. 
"Get her out here at once.I want to ask her personally if she was behind Joan's kidnapping.I want to know what Joan did to offend her." 
Just as he spoke, Larry plonked himself down on the sofa, looking unfazed. 
Given the way he is behaving, he is unlikely to leave soon. 
Dustin suddenly felt as if he had a headache.
"Let me buy you lunch while I fill you in on everything that has happened; Dustin quickly offered as he helped Larry up from the sofa. Hmm?Can it be that he already knows? Larry gave him a curious look.
###Chapter 3040
"Come, I'll explain to you on her behalf? Dustin said as he pushed Larry out. Both men sat down in a secluded corner in the restaurant with grim expressions. 
"What is it? Hurry up and spill. I need to leave soon" 
"Calm down.Abelyn wouldn't have harmed Joan without a reason.Initially..." 
After hearing Dustin's detailed explanation, Larry eventually understood what had happened. 
"That doesn't mean that she could harm Joan! If she's upset over something, she can be honest or ask Joan about it.There's no reason for her to do something detrimental to anyone, including herself" 
Dustin had to admit Abelyn’s actions were indeed very inappropriate. 
The two then had a long conversation before Larry left. 
Abelyn was lying in the room, staring at the lonely moon from her window. 
Her face was scrunched up as she wondered why she ended up like this. 
After a long while, Dustin came in. 
"Alright, get up.You need to eat something" 
Dustin uttered as he brushed away her fringe gently. 
There was concern in his voice. 
"I don't feel like eating" replied Abelyn slowly.
"No, you need to eat something to replenish your energy" 
With that, the man leaned over to pick her up. 
Why?I've committed some grave mistakes. 
Why is he still worried about me? Abelyn looked up at Dustin as she was really curious. 
Dustin responded with a grin but said nothing more. 
There was no special reason. 
Abelyn was his girlfriend. 
Who else would protect her other than him? He let out a sigh and shook his head. 
When Joan found out how Jessica told Larry about her kidnapping, and he had left to demand an explanation from Abelyn, she got all agitated. 
"Jessica, didn't I tell you to keep this a secret?" she demanded unhappily. 
"It's too late.I've told Larry about it.He's now going to seek revenge!" 
Jessica was so sure. 
Oh, no! Joan turned her face away and gazed out of the window. 
Abelyn's a vengeful person. 
She's no pushover. 
"Don't worry, Joan.Larry will take care of it."
Jessica patted Joan's shoulder to comfort her. 
Joan knew Larry was capable enough of dealing with the matter, but once Abelyn's act was exposed, they would never return to the way things used to be. 
Suddenly, Larry's voice rang out of nowhere. 
"I know everything, so don't even think of hiding it from me!" 
He then stalked in with a scowl on his face. 
Upon spotting Larry's arrival, Joan froze awkwardly. 
How dare she keep this a secret from me? Larry took her hand in concern. 
"Did you do anything to her?" 
Joan who was lying in bed asked in a worried tone. 
Hmph. 
What else can I do to her? Larry shook his head without saying a word. 
"Joan, see? There's no need to worry for Larry didn't do anything to her, Jessica chimed in.Ring! Ring! Suddenly, Joan's phone rang. 
It was Dustin. 
"I'm calling to apologize to you on Abelyn's behalf.There has been a misunderstanding, so I think I might need to explain..." 
He proceeded to explain everything calmly.
Looks like the cat's out of the bag. 
Joan stared at Larry wordlessly, feeling sorry for him. 
Joan was aware that Abelyn was a proud woman. 
Therefore, she would be upset as everyone had found out about the truth. 
Joan put her phone down pensively. 
"Joan, don't think too much.Look at her..."
###Chapter 3041
Before she could finish, Caspian entered the room and greeted, "Joan!" 
Jessica shut up promptly and went to the window, staring outside. She looked so cold and distant. 
Clearly, she was still mad at Caspian. 
Seeing her reaction, Caspian scratched his head awkwardly. 
"Uh, do you feel better now?" he inquired. 
"I'm alright. Don't worry, they are taking good care of me; Joan answered lightly. 
"By the way, what about that..." 
She trailed off hesitantly. 
Everyone else knew who she was talking about, including Caspian, who was stumped. 
"It's a little tricky, he concluded helplessly. Joan had guessed as much. 
Lisa may be young and looked innocent, but she was actually a scheming b*tch. 
There were plenty of women like her in the world. 
Caspian must've committed some heinous act in his past life for him to meet such an annoying young lady. 
"What do you plan to do?" Larry asked. 
He wanted Caspian to make things clear in front of Jessica.
If this matter were to drag on, Jessica's disdain for him would heighten. 
Caspian lowered his gaze helplessly. 
Indeed, he didn't even know what he should do next. 
He wanted to get rid of Lisa, but she insisted that she was pregnant with his child and kept clinging to him shamelessly. 
Jessica glanced at him briefly as her heart clenched in pain. 
it's his fault, she sneered silently as disdain flashed across her gaze. 
If he hadn't suspected something was going on between Larry and me, this wouldn't have happened.He's usually thoughtless, but I've never seen anyone who could be as jealous as him. 
With that being said, there wasn't anything that she could do about it either. 
Therefore, she decided to take it one step at a time. 
"Larry, to be honest, I don't want to be involved with her, but she keeps coming to me. It's really frustrating" 
Caspian revealed, shaking his head helplessly. 
Frustrating?Then push her away it's as simple as that. 
Why can't he understand? Larry glanced at Caspian skeptically.I think he couldn't bring himself to hurt her.
"If you want to sever ties with her, make up your mind and stop contacting her.But if you can't decide, you should forget about Jessica; Larry didn't mince his words.Larry was right, but Caspian was afraid that Lisa would commit suicide and blame everything on him.Caspian clenched his fist tight. 
He looked pathetic. 
"Larry, Joan, you have no idea how crazy she can be.She told me if I were to reject her, she would die in front of me.She had also slit her wrist previously" 
Caspian uttered in a low voice.Slit her wrist? Joan was shocked. 
Why did she go to such extremes ?If that's the case, it means that Caspian can't act rashly now. 
Larry stroked his chin thoughtfully. 
That young lady’s pretty good at this.She's threatening to commit suicide so Caspian wouldn't leave her! Larry gripped the corner of his shirt as his expression darkened. 
Still, he can't wrong Jessica just because of Lisa! Larry turned to face Caspian and glared at him disapprovingly. 
"Jessica, what do you think about this?" Larry blurted out all of a sudden. 
His voice was unnaturally loud. 
"It's none of my business.I shall stay out of this, came Jessica's curt reply. 
Indeed, her opinion didn't matter at all.She refused to interfere in this matter.
###Chapter 3042
Jessica didn't even bother to hide the contempt in her voice. 
Larry curled his lips into a smirk. 
Looks like Caspian will fail to get her back. 
"Why is it none of your business? If it wasn't for her, we would've already been..." Caspian muttered. 
"Shut up!" 
Jessica retorted loudly. 
How dare he mention his promise?What a joke! "I have other matters to attend to.I need to get going" 
Jessica announced and stormed out of the ward. 
"Larry, what should I do?" 
Caspian clutched Larry's arm in desperation. 
What else is there to be done?Just play the waiting game! Time will solve everything. 
That was what Larry had in mind, but he merely shook his head regretfully. 
If Caspian remained with Jessica without creating trouble, they would've been married by now. 
Alas, it was too late to regret now. 
"Won't you go after her?" Joan urged.
Larry patted her shoulder as he explained, "There's no need for that.Jessica might be capricious, but she is still clear-headed enough not to delay or affect important affairs." 
"Jessica, don't leave! I love you" declared Caspian. 
"Can't you give me another chance?" 
He tugged her arm and pleaded. 
Unfortunately, it was all too late. 
"I'm sorry, but I never look back" 
"Don't say that! I know you still love me.My feelings for you remain unchanged.Why can't we start all over again?" 
Caspian blocked Jessica's exit hastily. 
That sounds ridiculous!He was the one who got drunk and slept with another woman. 
How dare he requests to get back together with me now? The nerve of him! Jessica gritted her teeth as she stared at Caspian, tamping down the urge she had to tear him into pieces.She schooled her expression and responded, "I'm sorry, but I need to go now" 
"You're not busy.There's nothing to do in your bookstore.Can't we sit down and talk over a meal?" Caspian proposed. 
Slap! Her palm landed squarely on Caspian's face. His cheek flared up promptly from the force. 
"This is my last warning. You're the one who cheated on me in the first place. There's no way I'll forgive you. I'm not a housemaid who you can order around as you please. I have my principle and dignity to
uphold!" 
Jessica hollered. 
They were in a public place, but she couldn't be bothered as long as she could vent her anger and frustrations at him. Caspian's heart sank upon hearing her declaration. It dawned on him that things were over between them. He fidgeted nervously. I want to get back together with her, but it seems impossible now. 
Seeing how despondent he was, Joan exhaled lightly, her expression tinged with disappointment. 
They were a match made in heaven, but they were soon going to become strangers.Lisa's voice broke the tension. 
"Caspian, I knew you'd be here." 
Everyone was surprised at her appearance, especially Jessica, who instantly scowled unhappily. Why is she here? Caspian scrutinized her in bewilderment. He strode over to push her out hastily. 
"Why are you here?" 
"Your friend is also my friend. Of course, I should come and visit Joan. It's all your fault. Why didn't you tell me you're going to come to the hospital? I would've tagged along if I knew about this." 
She took Caspian's arm and pouted prettily. 
Lisa sneaked a glance at Jessica, who was standing not far away.Clearly, she was acting this way on purpose.
###Chapter 3043
"Larry, Joan, I need to get going," 
Jessica announced and proceeded to leave. 
Oh Jessica, you're no match for me.Don't even get any idea. 
Caspian is mine! The young lady glanced at her retreating figure, her eyes glinting with menace. 
An awkward silence settled in the ward. 
Larry ignored them both while Joan gazed out of the window without saying a word. 
Caspian grabbed Lisa's hand and led her out of the ward. 
"What are you doing? Stop, it hurts!" she yelled and struggled to free herself from his grip. does it hurts?Ha! Caspian glowered at her in indignation as the agony he felt was a hundred times more than her discomfort. 
"What do you want from me? I've returned the one million to Larry. I'm penniless now. You won't get anything from me!" he declared. 
What?He returned the one million to Larry? Is he a fool? Why would he do something this stupid? She studied Caspian doubtfully as fury rose in her heart. 
No, I need to calm down. 
Calm down! Lisa took a deep breath to cool her head off.
Larry gave Caspian one million previously, so he might give more in the future.I can't leave Caspian now!l need to cling to this money tree. 
She hurriedly put up an act. 
"Caspian, what are you talking about? You must've gotten it wrong.I don't want your money.I love you, not your money." 
That's bulls*it!She loves me instead of my money?Who is she trying to bluff? She and her friends are nothing but snobs. 
True love doesn't exist to them.All they want is money. 
They will willingly go with anyone who is rich until they get dumped. 
"Stop talking nonsense.I shall make things clear today; Caspian declared. 
"The only woman I love is Jessica Zimmer.No matter what happened between us, I will not lay my hands on another woman.You should just give up" 
He added, "Stop telling others you're pregnant with my child.Otherwise, I'll run a DNA test the moment you give birth.Imagine how humiliating it is for you!" 
How dare he threaten me? Lisa glowered at him angrily.He isn't showing any sympathy! She was not amused with his threats.He's this harsh because of Jessica.Da*n you, Jessica. 
You won't get away with this! She spun on her heels and stormed away. 
Strangely, uneasiness crept up Caspian's heart as he watched her leave. 
Meanwhile, Jessica was zoning out in her office at the bookstore.She had stopped pining after Caspian.
At the same time, she had also lost all hope on him. 
Ring! Ring! Joan's worried voice sounded over the phone. 
"Are you alright?" 
"I'm fine”; Jessica replied after clearing her throat. 
Fine?Her voice is hoarse. 
She must've cried earlier. 
Joan felt sorry for her. 
"Don't think too much.You're no longer in a relationship, so work hard to develop your career to make your family proud" comforted Joan. 
"Alright, I got it.Joan, don't worry.I need to get back to work.Talk to you later!" 
Jessica cut the line abruptly.She was afraid she might break down if Joan continued comforting her.
###Chapter 3044
Jessica wiped the tears on her cheeks and straightened her outfit before striding out of her office. 
"Did anything happen in the bookstore recently?" she strolled around and asked her employees. 
"No. It's pretty quiet recently." 
Hearing their answers, Jessica nodded happily. Her love life might be a mess, but at least her business was still doing well. That was enough for her. She was deep in thought when something loud crashed outside. 
Crack! The glass window of her bookstore smashed into pieces. 
What is going on? Jessica rushed out to see what was going on. 
Crack! Crack! The remaining glass windows smattered into pieces one after another. 
Da*n it, what's going on? 
"Where is the culprit?" she glanced around and demanded. 
"Ms.Zimmer, they had already escaped" her employee responded. 
Rage boiled in Jessica's heart instantly. 
She couldn't believe someone would cause trouble in her bookstore in broad daylight! Immediately, she pulled out her phone and called the cops. Soon, the cops arrived. 
"Have you checked your security footage?" 
Alas, Jessica and her employees didn't even know the security cameras had been destroyed earlier.
Clearly, it was a deliberate action. 
Jessica narrowed her gaze and stared out of the window gloomily. 
This was the first time she had ever encountered something like this since she started running the bookstore. 
Anger flashed across her eyes. 
"Ms. Zimmer, since the security cameras had been destroyed, it might take us some time to find out who did this, the cops explained. They are just trying to buy time! All at once, rage thrummed through Jessica's veins. She had never offended anyone at work, so there was no reason for someone to target her. 
Unless it was done by someone who wasn't in her field of business. 
Jessica couldn't figure out who it could be.She would only show her stubborn, cheeky, and coy side to Larry and Caspian. 
Other men thought of her as a workaholic. 
No, it isn't as simple as it seems. 
Jessica paced around nervously. 
It might happen again! Suddenly, a figure suddenly popped up in her mind. 
Why would she do something this horrible? Jessica massaged her temples in an effort to clear her mind. 
If it's Lisa taking revenge on me, I shall teach her a lesson! Jessica's fists balled up in resentment.
She took away my boyfriend from me, and now she's trying to ruin my business.I'm not a pushover! She vowed silently, Don't let me get something on you, or I shall make you pay. 
Jessica gritted her teeth. 
Joan, who was still in the hospital, panicked instantly when she heard what happened. 
"What? Is Jessica hurt? Where is she? What happened?" 
"Calm down, will you? She's fine. A few glass windows in her bookstore were shattered. It's no big deal" Larry explained hastily. 
That's a serious matter.It is obvious that someone is trying to bully Jessica. Panic overwhelmed Joan's chest at that thought. She immediately urged, "You should go and see if she's hurt." 
"Joan, don't worry. I'm alright," Jessica stepped into the ward and assured her. 
"It was an accident. A few kids were playing outside and accidentally threw a stone at my windows. It's nothing huge" 
Oh, I see. Joan breathed a sigh of relief.
###Chapter 3045
"You're still here because you won't stop worrying about me.Don't overthink things.No matter what, Larry will protect me!" 
Jessica patted Larry's shoulder as she curved up her lips in a grin. 
What a cheeky girl! Larry flashed a smile. 
"Alright, don't you worry.As long as I'm here, no one will dare to bully Jessica.Besides, I don't think anyone dares to bully her.She's the only bullying others" he teased. 
Jessica flashed an irritated glare at him for he was describing her negatively. 
Joan was relieved to hear their banter. 
Jessica had lost her family, and the only person she trusted was Larry. 
That was why she treated Larry as her own brother even though they weren't related by blood. 
Still, Larry and Joan's lives were merrier ever since Jessica joined them. 
"Oh, what about you and Caspian?" Joan asked out of nowhere. 
Avoiding the problem wouldn't make it go away. 
Even though she decided not to see him, it didn't mean their matter would disappear into thin air. 
After all, one would need to go through obstacles to see the rainbow after the storm. 
Joan understood Jessica's feelings and knew the reason behind her decision, but sometimes, she couldn't help but feel sorry for her. She wanted her friend to be happy more than anything; yet, Jessica
was unlucky enough to get into this mess. 
Why must Caspian get himself involved with that woman? "Joan, don't mention his name ever again. It's over between us" 
Jessica stated firmly. Her voice was steely, allowing no room for negotiation. 
The other two immediately understood her wishes, but that didn't stop disappointment from flashing across their eyes. 
Jessica wasn't one who liked to play jokes, so it was clear what she wanted. She would never get back together with Caspian. 
Jessica's wish was of utmost importance for now. She must be really upset before making such a decision to forego her relationship with Caspian. 
"Alright. As long as you're happy, anything will do" Joan replied. 
She was afraid Jessica would get depressed for she couldn't forget Caspian. Her guess was right. 
Jessica seemed unbothered, but deep down, she was breaking down. 
Life without Caspian was meaningless to her. 
Still, there was no way they would return to the past. 
Love was fragile enough to fade into thin air any second. 
Jessica scoffed and turned to look out of the window as sorrow appeared on her face. 
"Hey, it's over. Stop thinking about it"
Larry gave her a slight push and told her. 
Jessica merely flashed a smile in response. 
Yes, it was over, but she had yet to forget that man. 
"Don't worry, Larry.I'm fine." 
In a desolate corner, Jake was talking to someone icily. 
"Stop trying to harm Joan.If you do it again, I shall tear you into pieces!" he warned. 
Joan! Joan again! Abelyn burst out laughing. 
How did Joan manage to seduce these men? Pure hatred flashed across her eyes as she clenched her fists tightly. 
First, it was Larry, then it was Dustin, and now Jake. She's really a vixen!
###Chapter 3046
"I have no idea what you're talking about.I'm sorry, but I need to get going for now" 
Abelyn feigned innocence and turned to leave. 
B*tch! Is she pretending not to know anything? The truth has been revealed. 
Does she seriously think no one knows what horrible deeds she did?What a jokell, Jake Wilson, have access to whatever information I need! Does she think she can hide anything from me? He stepped forward and grabbed her arm, his gaze radiating murder. 
"Abelyn Chipman, don't say I didn't warn you.If I find out you're trying to harm Joan one day, that will be the end of you!" 
Then, he flung her arm away and stalked out. 
Abelyn felt her heart thumping uneasily as she watched him leave. 
Jake's right.He can do anything he wants. 
Ring! Ring! Her phone rang. 
It was a call from Dustin. 
"Where are you? I'll go pick you up” his concerned voice rang out. 
Abelyn might've committed a crime by kidnapping Joan, but Dustin didn't give up on her for she was still his girlfriend. 
"No need," Abelyn replied.
She was about to hang up when Dustin hurriedly interjected, "Wait! It's getting late.Why don't I give you a ride? It's dangerous to be alone at this hour" 
For some reason, Abelyn was moved by his words.She thought Dustin would forget about her, but he was evidently concerned about her. 
"No need...Ah!" 
Suddenly, her loud shriek resonated through the line.Dustin panicked instantly. 
"Abelyn! Where are you, Abelyn? Can you hear me?" 
Oh no. 
Did something happen to her? Dustin grabbed his jacket hastily and rushed out. 
Soon, the news of Abelyn's disappearance reached Larry, Joan, Jessica, and Nancy's ears. 
"What happened? Why did she disappear without warning?" Nancy demanded. 
Dustin hurriedly explained, "I'm clueless, too. 
We were talking on the phone when she suddenly yelped and hung up." 
By now, it was clear that she had been abducted. 
Abelyn had just returned from abroad, so it was not likely for her to make any enemies. 
Wait, I must've missed something. 
Dustin scratched the back of his head, utterly distressed.
"Larry, did you send someone after her?" he turned to look at Larry and questioned him sternly. 
What's that supposed to mean?Why would I make things difficult for a woman?Yes, Abelyn had brought harm to Joan, but I still hadn't had time to think of how to punish her. Is it a rival in her field? That's impossible. 
To begin with, Abelyn is rarely involved in her business operation. 
Moreover, she is also polite enough not to offend anyone in the business circle. 
"No, I didn't," he answered. 
He would admit if it was him, but there was no way he'd admit to something he didn't do. 
There might be a possibility that Abelyn had offended some big shot out there. 
Smack! Abelyn was slapped by the man who brought her into this room. 
Da*n it. 
Who the f*ck sent him to kidnap me?Don't tell me it's Larry? Abelyn fixed her attire calmly and studied her surroundings. 
"Why did you bring me here?" she inquired. 
What else?I've kidnapped you, of course!
###Chapter 3047
"You're so forgetful, Ms.Chipman.Don't you remember me?" the man hollered. 
Abelyn's eyes widened as she studied the man carefully. 
All of a sudden, her eyes lit up as she thought of something. 
Huh? Why is he here?! thought he has already left the country?What is he doing here? "Ms. 
Chipman, you forgot to transfer the rest of the payment to me;’ the man reminded her angrily. 
"You promised to transfer the money to my account after I did everything, but I didn't receive a cent from you!" 
What the hell? Abelyn gave the man a look full of disdain. 
"What's wrong? Did you forget to do so? Well, I haven't. When will you pay me the remaining five hundred grand?" the man cut to the chase and demanded. 
Five hundred grand?Where will I get the money from? "You failed the task miserably, so I won't be paying you" 
Abelyn answered and clenched her teeth helplessly. 
At that point, she no longer cared for her dignity due to the circumstances. 
The man flew into a fit of anger upon hearing her rejection. 
"Aren't you afraid I'll spill everything?" 
Hmm? Afraid? Abelyn's lips curled up in a smirk.
Nonsense. 
When have I ever been afraid? 
"If you refuse to pay me, don't blame me for taking action." 
"What are you going to do? Let me go!" 
Abelyn struggled and yelled. 
"Have you found her?" 
In the hospital, Joan was glancing at Dustin anxiously. 
In response, Dustin shook his head gloomily. 
Why did she disappear all of a sudden? Concern flashed across Joan's gaze. 
"She deserves it for trying to harm you without reason. It's karma” said Nancy. 
When Nancy first heard about Abelyn's disappearance, she was worried about her friend. 
However, after recalling what Abelyn did to Joan, her frustration kicked in. 
"That's enough, Nancy." 
Why should I stop?She did so many horrible things. 
Can't! even criticize her? Nancy shot daggers at Jory who had just chided her. 
This is strange. 
I am talking about Abelyn.
Why does he cut in? it's none of his business.I can't believe he’s siding with an outsider. 
With that, Nancy shoved his arm away disapprovingly. 
Jory was stumped, too. 
Abelyn was his friend's girlfriend, so it seemed wrong to him to gossip about her. 
"Nancy, that happened in the past. 
Let's not talk about it anymore; Joan hurriedly chimed in. 
Some of Abelyn's actions were upsetting to her, but she wasn't that petty.She would definitely forgive Abelyn if the latter changed over a new leaf. 
"Joan, don't be stupid.Did you forget what Abelyn did to you?" 
Nancy reminded her in exasperation. 
Joan forced out a smile. 
What else can I do?I can't hate her forever, can I?Life is too short. 
Why do we want to waste time holding a grudge and hating anyone? Larry knew what Joan was thinking, so he said nothing. 
Meanwhile, Abelyn was suffering in the room.She couldn't help but sob out loud. 
"Stop crying! It's useless to cry. Abelyn Chipman, don't forget you have agreed to pay me five hundred grand!" the man reminded viciously.
But he didn't succeed!That was the whole point! "You didn't succeed, so you don't deserve to get paid. Do you think I earn money that easily?" 
Abelyn retorted icily.
###Chapter 3048
Oh? She's twisting the facts, what a b*tch. 
That wasn't what she promised me. 
Back then, Abelyn was in a rush and promised to pay the man five hundred grand whether he succeeded or failed.But now, Abelyn was lying or had forgotten about it. 
Right now, she refused to admit to it. 
"I recorded our conversation back then.You'd better transfer the money, or I shall throw you into the sea!" the man threatened. 
Ha!Who is he trying to bluff?Does he think I'm a coward? Abelyn was very experienced in the corporate world, so she wasn't afraid of his threat. 
Instead, she averted her gaze and stared out of the window, ignoring him altogether.She isn't going to pay me. 
The man inched nearer to her and lifted her chin, his eyes gleaming with malice. 
"Are you going to pay me or not?" 
"No!" came Abelyn's firm reply before she shut her eyes. 
Alright, then.I won't hold back either. 
The man whipped out a sharp knife and sharpened in on the table menacingly. 
Abelyn instantly started quaking in her boots.
Is he seriously going to kill me because I didn't pay him that five hundred grand? Fear flickered past her eyes. 
Shit, am I going to die in his hands? All the man wanted was for Abelyn to pay the remaining five hundred thousand. 
Suddenly, something occurred to him. 
Wait, she doesn't have the money, but perhaps her friend might be loaded! He ordered his men, "Go there and find her phone" 
Shortly after, Abelyn's phone was delivered to him. 
At the sight of her phone, Abelyn panicked. 
"What are you doing?" she inquired nervously. 
Is he going to demand a ransom from my friends? Ring! Ring! What a good timing! The man flashed an evil smirk for Abelyn's phone was ringing just in time. 
"Abelyn, where are you?" 
Dustin's anxious voice sounded out of the phone. 
"Why did you suddenly cut the line? Tell me where you are now.I'll go pick you up." 
The man had put him on speaker, so Abelyn heard everything he said.She was deeply touched by his concern. 
"She's with me now" 
Upon hearing the man's voice, Dustin fell silent on the other end of the line.
"Prepare five hundred thousand.Deliver the money to the address which I'll send you later at tomorrow noon" 
With that, the line was cut. 
Dustin was shocked into silence by the man's request. 
Who is he?Why did he kidnap Abelyn?Did she do something against the law again?That might be her enemy! Crash! Feeling vexed, Dustin knocked everything off the table without saying anything. 
Everyone jolted in surprise at his sudden action. 
"Dustin, what happened? Tell us.Don't just smash things and keep quiet!" Joan spoke haltingly. 
"Abelyn had been kidnapped.The kidnapper demanded a ransom of five hundred grand” Dustin revealed. 
Everyone immediately gasped in horror. 
Serve her right! She has brought this upon herself. 
Nancy pursed her lips as her face contorted in anger. 
Yet, deep down, she was concerned for Abelyn’'s safety. 
"I'll loan you the money, Dustin" 
Jory stood out and announced. 
Why is he offering help all of a sudden? Nancy stepped out and tugged on his sleeves to show her disapproval.
"Don't worry.Money isn't an issue as long as I'm here" Jory added. 
Dustin wasn't as rich as Jory and Larry, so he didn't have that much savings. 
Nancy shoved Jory and reprimanded him. 
"Are you cray?"
###Chapter 3049
"Shut up!" Jory barked and glared at her angrily. 
His friend was in trouble, so he couldn't sit back and do nothing. 
Both Larry and Joan supported him too. 
"Dustin, if you need help, just let us know.If you don't have enough money, I can be of help," 
Joan glanced at Larry and uttered softly. 
Dustin looked at her, he felt touched and was grateful. 
All the while, Jessica remained silent, her expression calm.She knew Joan wouldn't turn a blind eye to Abelyn's kidnapping. 
If Jory hadn't offered help, Jessica would've told Larry to pay the ransom on behalf of Dustin. 
Joan was a kind person, so Abelyn must be blind for trying to harm her. 
Five hundred thousand was nothing to Jory, so he quickly received the money in cash. 
"Do you need me to send someone-" 
"No need," Dustin interrupted. 
"The kidnapper said I need to go there alone" 
Won't it be dangerous for him to head there alone with five hundred grand? Joan voiced her concern. 
"Larry, why don't you send a few men to follow him?"
"Don't worry.I know what to do." 
Larry strode out right after saying that. 
Seeing how busy Joan was, Nancy felt slightly irritated, but she soon got over it. 
Friendship was important to them. 
Perhaps Abelyn had a reason to scheme against Joan. 
"Stop kicking up a fuss.Your boyfriend said he'll be here with the five hundred grand soon," Abelyn's kidnapper declared, his voice full of excitement. 
Pfft! 
Five hundred grand?He doesn't deserve it! Abelyn shot daggers at the man as fury raged within her. 
"Dream on! You won't get the money!" she shrieked with all her might. 
Oh? Does she have some tricks up her sleeves?! won't let that happen! The man came closer to her, his gaze frigid. 
"Shut the f*ck up! Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude." 
ls that a warning? Abelyn sneered disdainfully. 
Someone like him isn't meant to succeed in life!He's so useless! 
"Let me go! Otherwise-" 
Smack! Abelyn's words were cut off with a slap across the face so hard that her cheek went red instantly.She looked up slowly and met the man's gaze, scowling in anger.
How dare he slap me? Ring! Ring! Abelyn's phone was ringing, so she jerked her head to stare at it anxiously. 
Dustin, don't fall for his lies! 
"You're here? Great! Make sure you're alone, or I shall kill her without hesitation!" the man reminded Dustin. 
"Dustin, don't come here! Leave right this instance!" Abelyn's sudden yell pierced the air. 
Upon hearing her screams, Dustin hurriedly said, "Let her go! I will pay the ransom willingly" 
Bullsh*t.I'm not a three-year-old kid. 
"No way. I need to receive the money before I release her; the man declared. 
There was no room for negotiation in his tone. 
Dustin had no choice but to listen to the man and place the money in the designated location. 
"Looks like your boyfriend loves you dearly. He got the money right after I called him to save you. You should thank him for his efforts; the man mocked as he brought Abelyn out of the room. 
The moment Dustin saw how exhausted and disheveled Abelyn was, his heart shattered into pieces. 
"Abelyn, it's fine. I'm here to take you home" he assured her.
###Chapter 3050
The moment Abelyn saw Dustin, the dam broke and she started sobbing loudly. 
"That's enough.Stop crying.He's already here to pick you up.Why the hell are you crying? Go on now!" 
With that, he pushed Abelyn forward. 
Of course, he was already fully prepared to make an escape. 
The half a million was already safely taken away.He only needed to turn around, slide into the car, and leave immediately after. 
Thud! Due to the force of his push, Abelyn fell to the ground. 
"Are you okay? Did he hurt you?" caressing her hair, Dustin asked anxiously. 
At that moment, Abelyn was so touched words failed her. 
Hence, she merely shook her head in response. 
Soon, the car zoomed away, leaving only Abelyn and Dustin behind. 
The kidnapper only wanted money and not Abelyn's life. 
Naturally, after receiving the money, he would immediately take flight. 
Little did he know that Larry's men were already lying in wait for him for a long time. 
"I'm fine.Don't worry” Abelyn choked out. 
In the car, Caspian reported over the phone in a low voice, "They're here, Larry"
"Everyone get into position. The target is approaching us. Standby" 
Larry ordered icily. 
Finally, the car appeared in their line of sight. 
"Who are you guys? What do you want?" the man who kidnapped Abelyn demanded in a trembling voice while staring at Larry and the other men in wide-eyed horror. 
"I want half a million!" Larry replied bluntly. 
What?Half a million? The man was stunned. 
How does he know about the money?0r is he and that Dustin guy in this together?Damn it! How dare they play this trick on me? The man hurled his phone onto the ground, a vicious look taking residence on his face as he gritted out, "I deserve this money, so don't even think about taking it away from me!" 
Deserve?How absurd!He didn't even do anything to earn that money. 
There's no such thing as a free lunch in this world. 
Larry stalked closer to him. 
Eyeing him dubiously as a wave of annoyance washed over him, he questioned, "Then why don't you tell me, why you think you deserve this half a million?" 
Subsequently, the man recounted everything that had happened to Larry. 
In an instant, Larry felt rising anger in him. 
Damn you, Abelyn! Joan was worried sick about you, constantly thinking of ways to save you, but you repeatedly plotted to claim her life! With a frightening expression on his face, Larry gripped the man's
collar and said through gritted teeth, "Give me the money, or you can say goodbye to your pathetic life!" 
For a moment, the man's expression froze. 
Between money and life, of course, he would choose his life. 
He still had a long life ahead of him and many more chances to start over again, but if he lost his life, what was the use of half a million? "You can have that half a million, but you must let me go!" 
"Sure, but I hope that something like this won't happen again in the future. Otherwise, I'll make sure it’s the end of the line for you." 
Larry's intimidating tone caused the man to take an involuntary step backward as panic surged in him. 
I never thought that damned girl, Abelyn, would have someone like Larry Norton protecting her. 
The man sighed softly and left. 
In any case, Abelyn was still the one to blame for this. 
Hence, Larry naturally wouldn't pin it on the man. 
"How's everything? Has she been rescued?" Joan's asked over the phone, concern heavy in her voice. 
"Don't worry.Dustin already got her out" Larry reassured softly. 
Back at home, Abelyn's eyes widened. 
What?Joan told Larry to get that half a million back? She had just reached home when Dustin broke the news to her. 
Overridden with guilt, she did not know how she was going to face that woman again in the future.
###Chapter 3051
"How do you feel? Does it hurt anywhere?" Dustin asked worriedly while running his fingers through her hair. 
Abelyn shook her head without saying a word. 
Then, she slowly raised her head and asked out of the blue, "Dustin, do you think I'm a bad person too?" 
Dustin gazed at the woman he loved and hesitated for a moment. 
Truth be told, she wasn't a bad person. 
She merely misunderstood Joan, and if that incident never happened, perhaps all of this wouldn't have existed either. 
He believed that this woman was pure and kind in nature, but was merely blinded by her feelings sometimes. 
"That's enough.Don't overthink it anymore and just find a time to explain everything to Joan.Don't worry.I'll stand by you no matter what." 
Dustin patted her shoulder reassuringly. 
If this was truly Abelyn's mistake, he wouldn't speak in her favor or make excuses for her.But after all, she only did all those things because she misunderstood Joan. 
Hence, he believed that she deserved forgiveness. 
"Abelyn."
Suddenly, Joan's voice sounded not far away. 
Abelyn instantly started quaking in her boots. 
What is she doing here?Is she here to laugh at me?Or to reprimand me? Nervous, she clutched Dustin's arm tightly. 
Dustin held her hand gently, hoping to offer her some sense of security. 
"Are you okay?" Joan inquired with concern as she made her way in. 
"Hey, Joan.Don't worry.She's fine" 
Dustin answered on Abelyn's behalf. 
Upon seeing that Abelyn was completely unharmed, Joan finally heaved a sigh of relief.She was very compelled to ask the woman she regarded as a sister why she had set her up. 
However, she withheld her question on second thought. 
Forget it.I'll sit down and have a proper chat with her some other time. 
Larry, Caspian, and the others returned soon after. 
Suddenly, the living room was crowded and buzzing with activity. 
Abelyn was immensely moved when she saw all these familiar faces. 
She thought that once they found out she had set Joan up, they wouldn't want anything to do with her again, but it seemed like they genuinely cared about her. 
Abelyn sniffled, remorse filling her.
Blowing out a soft breath, a trace of regret flashed across her eyes. 
I must've lost my mind. 
How could I have done something so horrible? Nancy was staring straight at her from the side, feeling puzzled. 
She was dying to confront Abelyn about her motive for doing something so cruel to Joan, but upon seeing the happy looks on everyone's faces, she couldn't bring herself to ruin the mood. 
No. 
I have to find out the truth. 
Otherwise, not just Joan, but even I won't be able to fall asleep at night. 
"Abelyn, come here!" 
She waved at the woman not far away. 
Upon hearing her name being called, she looked over and informed Dustin before making her way over. 
"Abelyn, don't blame me for being petty or selfish.I'm not taking Joan's side or anything.I just want to know the truth." 
Never one to mince her words, Nancy cut straight to the chase. 
"Why did you do something so cruel to Joan back then?" 
Abelyn instantly tensed up upon hearing her question.
She never expected that Nancy would still be thinking about this matter. 
It seems like she really cares about Joan. 
She turned to look at Joan who was standing some distance away, her eyes gleaming with relief. 
"Actually, I didn't really mean to set her up.Back then, I was influenced by someone else; Abelyn explained unhurriedly.Gauging her solemn and earnest expression, Nancy decided to take her word for it.Besides, what she said was indeed the absolute truth.
###Chapter 3052
"Are you saying that it was actually Della who manipulated you into setting Joan up?" Nancy asked incredulously in a loud voice. 
"Hey, keep your voice down! Back then, Della hated Joan's guts.Besides, I didn't know that Joan encountered Larry after being taken away by her." 
But why didn't Della explain everything to Abelyn after turning over a new leaf? Tilting her head, Nancy's brows scrunched together as she fell into deep thought. 
Could that b*tch Della be up to something? She abruptly snapped her head up and looked out the window with displeasure written across her face. 
Della Duff, you better not try anything funny again, or no one will ever forgive you! Nancy slammed her palm on the table beside her, exuding a terrifying aura. 
A few men were chatting and drinking nearby, looking happy. 
Suddenly, someone knocked on the door. 
Everyone in the living room exchanged quizzical looks. 
"Are you expecting anyone today?" 
Caspian asked Dustin. 
Dustin deliberated for a while before shaking his head. 
"Not that I know of."
"What are you doing here?" 
A voice Nancy least wanted to hear sounded at the door.It was Jake. 
"Whoa, what are all of you doing here? Are you having a party?" Jake joked as he walked in like he owned the place. 
Nancy glared vehemently at the man. 
"Who are you looking for? What do you want?" 
Dustin went over and questioned directly. 
This was his villa after all. 
Of course, he wouldn't be happy when someone irrelevant came uninvited like that. 
"What's this, Dustin? I only came here to visit everyone.There's no need to get so riled up.Besides, all is well now that Abelyn is back, right?" Jake said in a meaningful tone. 
What?How could he know about Abelyn's kidnapping? Dustin instantly grew wary. 
Could he be the one behind this? Seeing Jake's calm appearance, Abelyn spat, "Leave! Leave this instant! I don't want to see you ever again!" 
"What's the matter, Abelyn? Have you forgotten about everything that you've done?" Jake deliberately reminded her. 
Everyone shifted their gazes to Abelyn, making her feel uneasy. 
Dustin immediately got up and close with Jake while glowering at him.
"Get lost!" 
Get lost?Where to?And why should I? Jake cleared his throat and approached Abelyn at a languid pace, all the while wearing a glacial look on his face. 
"Don't forget that I know if the things you did to Joan back then." 
Abelyn squeezed her eyes shut and took a deep breath to calm herself. 
Opening her eyes, she announced, "Everyone! Today, I'll explain everything once and for all!" 
Jake was surprised at her words. 
Is she really taking the initiative to admit her mistake? This isn't like her at all! Jake eyed her suspiciously, unable to fathom the sudden change in her. 
Abelyn started, "Yes, I tried to hurt Joan before, but it was because I was manipulated into doing that" 
Realization dawned on everyone, and they instantly suspected Della. 
In truth, Joan already expected as much. 
"Alright.It's all in the past now.Let's just forget about it and move on.Everything's fine now that we're all gathered here." 
Joan quickly steered the topic away. 
Perhaps it was because of her enthusiasm, the others swiftly returned to their conversations and the atmosphere became lively once again. 
Jake, on the other hand, looked very unhappy.
Why is Joan always so forgiving?Doesn't every woman want to seek justice for themselves after being hurt?But why is she making it seem like nothing happened at all? Jake sighed softly and took a seat on the sofa, then stared blankly at the ceiling.
###Chapter 3053
Larry had been watching his every move. 
Right then, an amused smile played on his lips. 
He’s probably disappointed about how things turned out, isn't he? With a bitingly cold glint flashing in his eyes, he picked up a wine glass and walked over to Jake. 
"What? Are you here to humiliate me?" 
Jake said in a self-mocking tone as he accepted the glass of wine from Larry's hand. 
Larry didn't really care about that. 
All he knew was that with the truth finally revealed, no one would feel wronged or get hurt for no reason again. 
Come to think of it, I have Jake to thank for this. 
"Stay away from Joan from now on" Larry abruptly warned. 
What the hell is he talking about?Is he going to keep Joan away from me again? Jake lifted his head to glare at the other man. Why should I stay away from her? 
"Larry, you should know that if it weren't for me, Joan would've died a long time ago!" Jake countered with a steely expression. 
He's right.
He has indeed rescued Joan many times, and in a way, I'm grateful to him for that.But if he still has any funny thoughts about Joan, there's no way I'll take it lying down. 
Larry narrowed his eyes at him, a hint of hostility gleaming in them. 
"I Know that you still have feelings for Joan, but Jake, please understand that Joan is currently my girlfriend and fiancée.In fact, we're about to have a wedding soon.Why must you keep hounding her?" 
Larry refuted. 
A wedding ?When?Why haven't I heard anything about this? Jake looked Larry up and down, feeling slightly doubtful. 
This b*stard! I can't believe he's marrying Joan so soon.It looks like there's really no more hope for me anymore. 
Jake bowed his head to conceal the pain flickering in his eyes. 
After loving and protecting her for so many years, she’s still going to marry Larry. 
A second time at that. 
Jake's face was ashen with despair at that moment. 
It was uncertain how much time had passed before everyone parted ways. 
In the car, Jake kept replaying what Larry had said to him. 
His heart wrenched painfully in his chest and he found it hard to breathe. 
Jessica poked Larry's shoulder to get his attention before querying, "Hey, Larry.
What did you say to Jake earlier? He had this awful look on his face" 
What else could I have said?Of course, it was about Joan. in this world, no one else can affect him this much besides her. 
Larry raised his head and frowned unhappily. 
The thought of Joan living with Jake for a period of time made his blood boil. 
I should be the only one to take care of her, but then Jake appeared by chance and messed it all up. 
"I told him that Joan and I are getting married’ Larry replied nonchalantly. 
What? Jessica was taken aback. 
When did he make this decision? She grabbed Larry's arm and squinted suspiciously at him. 
Sensing her displeasure, Larry explained, "It's just a thought.I was thinking it's time we got married" 
Jessica sighed in relief. 
For a second there I thought he was hiding things from me. 
"Okay, I got it.Just tell me if you need anything, Larry.I'll do everything I can to help you!" 
Jessica patted her chest and vowed with confidence. 
Silly girl.I guess I can always count on her. 
Larry smiled faintly as excitement swelled in him. 
Needless to say, he was over the moon when he thought about marrying Joan.
"Then, when are you planning to propose to Joan? I'll help you set up the venue" 
A hint of mischief appeared in Larry's eyes. 
He knew that Joan had always loved the sea, so the choice of venue was a no-brainer to him. 
"Don't tell Joan about this yet, Jessica.Let's plan it in secret and give her a surprise"
###Chapter 3054
This was the first time Jessica saw Larry being so meticulous about something not work-related. 
To be able to witness them tying the knot was a wish come true. 
Who wouldn't want to see their brother living a happy life? Not to mention, Larry was her saving grace. 
"Then I'll get Nancy and-" 
"Don't!" 
Larry cut her off. 
Stroking his chin, he continued in a soft voice, "We can't tell Nancy about this.She's too unreliable at keeping secrets.Who knows? She might accidentally have a slip of tongue in front of Joan." 
Jessica tilted her head in thought and found what he said made sense. 
Hence, they directly excluded Nancy. 
"Larry, what about Abelyn? Do you think she can be trusted?" Jessica asked cautiously. 
Generally speaking, Abelyn is actually a reliable person. 
But ever since what happened, I can't be sure if she'd have any hard feelings. 
Maybe I should get this sister of mine to sound her out. 
"Go talk to her and see how she reacts.Don't mention anything about Joan and me yet." 
Jessica naturally understood Larry's intention.
Nodding her head, she left to carry out her task soon after. 
Rather than sounding Abelyn out, Larry actually wanted Jessica to persuade her.He knew that she currently was guilt-ridden and couldn't bring herself to face Joan. 
Hence, it would be better for a woman to come forward and convince her. 
Based on his understanding of Joan's personality, she would never easily give up on her friendship with Abelyn, or anyone for that matter. 
"What did you say? Larry is going to propose to Joan? This is amazing news!" 
Abelyn exclaimed with excitement in the living room. 
Of course she wished for the two of them to be happy. 
They had gone through so much, and she wanted nothing more for them to have their happily ever after. 
"Yeah.If you're willing, we can help Larry with the preparations; Jessica added while gauging her reaction.Suddenly, a flicker of sadness crossed her face. 
Of course I'm willing. 
I just don't know if Joan would want to see me. 
With unshed tears in her eyes, she turned her face to look out the window. 
I've made so many mistakes.How could Joan forgive me so easily after I hurt her so many times? More tears pooled in Abelyn's eyes, and she wished she could reverse all the wrong she had done.
"Don't overthink things.I'm sure you know very well what kind of people Joan and Larry are.Joan isn't one to hold grudges. 
Trust me, she's already let bygones be bygones. 
As long as we get along well from now on and avoid causing any trouble, things can still return to how they used to be. 
We can still eat together, go to the movies together, shop together, and all that. 
Jessica gently patted Abelyn's shoulder to comfort her. 
The latter felt a sliver of hope upon hearing what she said and instantly turned back to look at her with an earnest expression. 
Is this true?Could Joan and Larry really be willing to forgive me so easily? Her eyes gleamed with uncertainty. 
Everyone with eyes could see how deeply Larry loved Joan, and anyone who hurt her would have to face his wrath. 
"You don't have to overcomplicate things.We're all close friends and Larry understands that.Joan also said that people should always look ahead and move on” Jessica added. 
She's right. 
It's not easy for a person to live a decent life in this world. 
There's no time to look back at our past. 
We need to appreciate the present and look forward to the future.
Abelyn sniffled, feeling disheartened. 
If only I used an open mind to view things back then, perhaps none of this would've happened. 
She sighed softly and spoke in a self-deprecating tone. 
"Alright, then.As long as none of you mind my involvement, I'll do my best." 
That's right.This is the real Abelyn Chipmanil can still redeem myself as long as I own up to my mistake and repent.Who hasn't made mistakes in this world anyway?
###Chapter 3055
"What are the two of you talking about?" Dustin walked over right then. 
"Oh, Larry is planning to propose to Joan" 
Jessica informed in a hushed voice. 
Abelyn shot a furtive glance at Dustin, but did not find anything out of the ordinary.She initially thought that the man she loved would be heartbroken upon hearing this news, but that wasn't the case. 
It truly seemed like he no longer had romantic feelings for Joan.She smiled in relief. 
"Really? That's good news! Why didn't you tell us earlier?" 
Dustin accused and smacked Jessica on the arm. 
"Ow! Dustin, what the hell? Don't forget your wifey is here, so you better be careful where you put your hands! Why do you always hit me so hard anyway? You do know that I'm a woman, right?" Jessica complained. 
"A woman? Are you really?" 
Dustin mumbled nonchalantly. 
Jessica's hackles rose at that and she snapped, "You jerk! Stay right there! Abelyn, shouldn't you teach your man some manners? Did you hear what he just said about me?" 
Abelyn lips curled into an amused smile upon witnessing this scene.She knew that it was only a childish banter between Dustin and Jessica, so she didn't try to stop them.
Henceforth, Jessica, Abelyn, Dustin, and a few others worked together to set up the venue at the beach, waiting for that day the come. 
In the office, Joan lifted her head to look at Larry from a distance away and queried, "Hey, why haven't I seen Jessica around lately?" 
"Oh, she's busy" Larry replied calmly. 
Busy?Busy with what?With the bookstore?That's impossible. I've never seen her this busy before.I haven't seen her for a few days in a row now. 
That girl didn't get into any trouble, did she? Joan pursed her lips in apprehension.I have to find out what's going on. 
If she’s really in deep trouble, I have to step in before the situation gets out of hand. 
She knew Jessica best. 
Under normal circumstances, she wouldn't go looking for trouble, but once she lost her temper, no one would be able to stop her from being reckless. 
Without hesitation, Joan snatched up her phone from the table and called her. 
"Jessica, where are you? I'm coming to see you" she stated in an anxious tone. 
Huh?Why does she want to see me all of a sudden? Jessica tilted her head in curiosity. 
"Joan, I'm busy now. What's going on exactly? Did something happen?" 
"No, nothing happened.I just haven't seen you for a few days now and I-" 
"Miss me?"
Jessica interjected. 
Joan was actually going to say that she was worried that Jessica had run into some sort of trouble or was being bullied by others, but since the latter put it that way, she couldn't deny it. 
"Yeah, I kinda miss you." 
"Okay.Then I'll visit you tonight." 
With that, Jessica ended the call before Joan could respond. 
Since when has this girl been so impatient?! wasn't even done yet but she just hung up on me. 
With a smile playing on his lips, Larry watched the entire exchange in silence. 
Joan turned to face Larry and asked, "How is Caspian lately? Has he resolved matters with that girl?" 
Why does she keep asking about them? Putting down the document in his hand, Larry gracefully got to his feet and walked toward the sofa. 
"Why do you keep worrying about others? Shouldn't you be focusing more on us?" he said gently while caressing Joan's hair. 
Us?What about us? Joan looked at him in bewilderment, wondering what had gotten Into him. 
"What about us?" 
"Joan, even now, do you still not remember anything?" 
Larry's serious gaze coupled with his question stunned Joan.
###Chapter 3056
He's right.It's been so long but I still can't remember anything. 
A trace of guilt rose in her heart at that thought. 
Larry had already given her so much time, but she still couldn't remember the past. 
"Larry, are you starting to..." She hesitated. 
She wanted to ask if he was starting to find her annoying, but she was afraid of the answer she might get. 
As though reading her mind, he said earnestly, "What's going through that head of yours, silly? You're my woman.How could I ever find you annoying? Don't worry.No matter what happens, I'll always be by your side.We'll face whatever problems life throws at us and celebrate every happy occasion together" 
It really isn't easy for a person to meet his soulmate in this world. 
Since I was lucky enough to meet mine, there's no way I'd let her go that easily.Even if Joan has forgotten me, I will never leave her.Why? Because we belong with each other. 
Hugging her close, Larry's heart ached for her as well as those missing memories.She can't remember all of those happy times we shared anymore, but that's okay. 
We can make new and happier memories. 
Joan felt immensely content as she stared at the man she loved. 
After a while, she suggested, "Let's visit Ms.Young and Lucius tomorrow.I haven't seen them in a long time"
In an instant, Larry was filled with delight. 
The fact that she brought up the two of them on her own was already progress. 
"Sure.I'll take you to visit them tomorrow" 
He brushed a kiss on her forehead, his eyes gleaming with joy. 
As promised, Larry brought Joan to Delilah's house the next day. 
Joan scanned her surroundings and for some reason, everything grew increasingly familiar to her. 
Even so, she still couldn't remember a thing. 
"What's wrong, Joan? Are you not feeling well?" 
Delilah hurried over and asked worriedly while patting her arm. 
Joan jumped in fright as if been given a huge shock, and quickly shook her head. 
"No.This place just seems familiar to me." 
Familiar? A satisfied smile spread across Delilah’s lips. 
That's good to hear!It means that she's very close to remembering the past. 
She quickly turned away to blink back the tears in her eyes. 
"How are the flowers in the garden recently, Ms.Young?" 
Joan asked out of the blue. 
Flowers? Delilah's eyes widened at her in surprise.
How does she know about the garden?And about the flowers too?I've never told her about any of this before! She studied the woman in front of her closely. 
Could she have remembered something? Wiping the tears from her eyes, she held Joan's hand tightly as a thrill of excitement ran through her. 
"Joan, tell me, quick.Did you remember something from the past?" 
Delilah asked fervently. 
Something from the past?No, I didn’t. 
Joan gave her a puzzled look. 
What's going on with Ms. 
Young?! was only asking her a simple question. 
Why is she so excited all of a sudden? Right then, Larry came over and asked, "What's wrong, Ms.Young?" 
"Larry, she remembers! She really remembers!" 
Delilah answered without missing a beat. 
Remembers what? Larry turned to look at Joan, his eyes glimmering with hope. 
"But I...I didn't remember anything" 
Joan stammered. 
Is Ms.Young mistaken? She started to panic.
"You remembered about my garden and the flowers I planted there.We've only met once ever since you lost your memories, and I didn't mention about my garden at all’’ Delilah immediately explained.
###Chapter 3057
Suddenly, Joan covered her mouth in shock. 
That's right.Ms.Young never said anything about having a garden.So how did I know about it?Is this really a miracle? Joan grabbed Larry's arm, slightly at a loss. 
Glancing at Joan, Larry quickly said to Delilah, "Don't get too excited just yet, Ms.Young.It will take time for Joan to regain her memories.Perhaps today was only by chance." 
The next second, Delilah's eyes flashed with a trace of disappointment. 
That's true. 
If she's truly regaining her memories, she wouldn't have only remembered such a small detail after so long.I was getting ahead of myself. 
Delilah hastily got her emotions under control by taking a few breaths. 
"Sorry, I went too far.I must've scared you earlier’ she apologized softly while wiping her tears. 
"No, no” Joan immediately reassured her, waving her hands awkwardly. 
She herself couldn't explain what had come over her just now. 
Perhaps her memory was indeed slowly recovering.She gazed out the window with a hopeful expression. 
If she really regained her memories one day, she would definitely do all of the things she wanted to do in the past.
Clenching her fists, she gradually calmed the torrent of emotions raging in her. 
Suddenly, Lucius ran in with his school bag slung over his shoulders and called out, "Mom!" 
Even though his voice scared the daylights out of Joan, the joy on her face was apparent. 
Something like this could not be faked.She was genuinely fond of this boy. 
"Mom, what took you so long to visit me? Grandma and I missed you so much." Lucius pouted adorably. 
"Look at you.You were born a sweet-talker, weren't you? How's school? And what about your grades? Have you been eating well? Did you help your grandma out with the chores at home?" Joan stroked the boy's hair while asking tenderly. 
She, too, did not know why the maternal instincts buried in the depths of her heart surfaced at the sight of this boy. 
"Don't worry, Mom.Grandma and I are living very well.My grades are quite impressive too" Lucius replied in a clear voice. 
Joan truly regarded him as her own and was greatly comforted to see him so happy. 
"Here, Joan.I specially cooked your favorite dish.Try some and see if it tastes the same as before." 
Delilah directly scooped some baked ribs onto Joan's plate. 
"It smells so good” Joan complimented while chewing a rib.With that, the four of them enjoyed their meal. 
Having not seen each other for a long time, Delilah and Joan settled on the sofa in the living room after dinner and chatted away happily.
Meanwhile, Larry and Lucius were in the latter's bedroom, planning something while seated on the bed. 
"Wait, what? You're going to propose to my mom?" Lucius exclaimed. 
Larry frantically covered his mouth and hissed, "Keep your voice down" 
Then, he released the boy and flicked his forehead lightly. 
"Really? That's awesome! I wanna attend your wedding and also be there as a witness." 
Lucius thumped a fist on his chest with a serious expression. 
Witness, huh? Since when did this boy learn about such things? Squinting at the boy, Larry's lips unconsciously stretched into a broad grin. 
In the living room, Delilah abruptly asked, "By the way, when are the two of you going to get married?" 
Joan instantly fell silent. 
Larry hasn't mentioned anything about marriage, and I'm too embarrassed to bring it up myself.I guess I'll just have to wait. 
Noticing the way she was nervously wringing her hands together, Delilah smiled cheekily. 
"Lucius wants a little sister, you know?" she said meaningfully, causing Joan's cheeks to flush a beetroot red.
###Chapter 3058
She's still gets shy so easily. 
"Alright, alright, no more teasing.I think it's time for you and Larry to get married.The two of you haven't had it easy, so pick an auspicious day to have the wedding." 
Joan blushed even more furiously at this. 
"Ms.Young, what are you talking about?" she murmured, looking slightly abashed. 
At the same time, Larry was discussing the proposal with Lucius in a very serious manner. 
"Got it?" Larry gently tapped the boy's head. 
"Don't worry.Is there anything I can't do?" 
Lucius lifted his chin confidently. 
Very good. 
This boy really does resemble me in a way. 
Larry patted the boy's shoulder with a satisfied smile. 
After discreetly telling Delilah and Lucius about the proposal, Larry led Joan away. 
In the car, Joan mumbled in a displeased tone, "Why were you acting so secretive just now? What did you say to them?" 
Why did he tell Lucius and Ms.Young, but not me? She pursed her lips, feeling indignant.Or is he planning something ?Well, if that's the case, he should share them with me too.
The more Joan thought about it, the more upset she became. 
Larry raised his brows at her tone. 
Is she jealous? At a traffic light, he turned to glance at her, and an impish smile instantly formed on his lips.She's finally jealous! He liked seeing her jealous because it proved that she truly cared about him. 
"No way.You're not actually jealous of an elderly woman and a young boy, are you?" Larry teased. 
"Jealous?" 
Joan scoffed and hastily denied, "No, I'm not.She's still denying it?What's there to be embarrassed about anyway? Why can't she just admit her feelings for me? Larry sighed softly and turned to look cut the window. 
The car plunged into silence all of a sudden. 
Still embarrassed, Joan cautiously studied the man beside her. 
Sucking in a deep breath, she blurted, "Alright, alright.I'm jealous, okay? Are you happy now?" 
Larry abruptly leaned over and pressed her into her seat, then smashed his lips against hers. 
There's my Joan! He loved it when she bravely confessed her love for him. 
Love was consensual, and there was no need to be embarrassed about it. 
Thump! Suddenly, the car engine sputtered and died. 
Sh*t. 
We're only halfway back and it's pitch-black here.
Why did the car engine die so suddenly? Larry immediately took out his phone and made a call. 
"Sorry, the number you have dialed is unavailable." 
Damn it, Caspian. 
Why is his phone turned off at such a crucial moment? Acold look flashed across Larry's eyes. 
The weather is so cold. 
Joan won't be able to take it. 
He quickly took off his coat and draped if over Joan next to him. 
"I'm not cold.You wear it.Don't catch a cold” Joan protested and was about to return the coat to him. 
"No, you should wear it.The car was probably tampered with" 
Larry speculated with his eyes narrowed dangerously. 
There are only a handful of people who'd want to hurt us.He clenched his fists as anger surged in him. 
"What did you say? Joan is with Larry now?" Jake exclaimed in his office, visibly shocked. 
This is bad.She must be scared out of her mind right now. 
Filled with worry, he started pacing around his office. 
How do those dumba**es do things? I clearly told them to act only when Larry was alone, but now Joan has to suffer along with him! Bang! Enraged, Jake slammed his fist on the desk. 
"Then, what should we do now, Mr.Wilson? Should we step in to rescue Joan?" Ted asked nervously.
Rescue? If we personally go over there, they'd know that / was the one behind this!
###Chapter 3059
Do any of these idiots even use their brains to do things? Jake ran his fingers through his hair his in frustration. 
Suddenly, an idea hit him and he instructed frantically, "Go get someone new to drive past there." 
He wanted nothing more than for Larry to suffer, but he couldn't bear to see Joan getting hurt. 
"Hey, are you two okay?" 
Not far away, a man waved at them and asked loudly. 
"Our car engine died.Can you give us a ride?" Joan answered instantly. 
"Sure.Hop in” the man replied without missing a beat. 
Huh?He agreed, just like that? Larry eyed the man suspiciously as doubt filled him. 
Something doesn't feel right. 
Why would someone pass by this side of town in the middle of the night? "Thank goodness you happened to pass by!" 
Joan smiled courteously at the man. 
"Yes, it's really a coincidence; he replied.I highly doubt that.Larry continued scrutinizing the man, trying to figure him out. 
Then, he deliberately tested him. 
"Are you here on some errands? We wouldn't want to impose on you."
"You're not.Don't worry.I am currently on my way back after handling some matters.It's truly a coincidence that I chanced upon you both. 
Perhaps it's God's will’ the man immediately countered. 
ls that so?Who even comes to such a remote place to handle matters? Sensing the awkwardness, Joan quickly expressed her gratitude. 
"Well, thank you for the ride." 
"Why do I get the feeling that something was off?" 
Joan wondered aloud in the living room. 
Next to her, Larry chuckled as he gazed at her affectionately. 
She's only just realizing that something felt off? Larry had long since found it odd, even more so when the man left without wasting a second after dropping them home, probably because he was afraid he would accidentally slip up. 
"Do you think someone sabotaged us on purpose?" 
Joan looked at Larry worriedly. 
That's an understatement. 
And if I guessed it right, the one behind this probably didn't want Joan to suffer or get hurt. 
And who else could've done something like this besides Jake? In the past, Dustin would have been Larry's most eligible suspect, but he already had Abelyn. 
Naturally, he wouldn't get his hands dirty like that.
Hence, that only left Jake. 
Suddenly, Joan's eyes lit up with trepidation. 
Oh no. 
Could Jake be behind this? She clutched Larry's arm and said anxiously, "Jake isn't up to something again, is he?" 
Perceiving the panic lining her features, Larry jerked her into his arms and kissed her forehead with a smile. 
So what if he is?/'ll face every problem head-on instead of running from them. 
No matter what tricks Jake has up his sleeves, I'll make sure to protect Joan to the utmost of my ability. 
"Don't worry.I won't let you get hurt; he said determinedly. 
Joan furrowed her brows. 
Why does he make me sound like I'm such a scaredy-cat? "I'm not scared of getting hurt.I'm just scared that he's out to get you." 
Although it had taken her a long time, Joan still managed to figure it out. 
Jake doesn't want to hurt me. 
Larry is his target. 
I have to stop all of this!Since when did Jake become so petty?! can't believe he wants revenge! Joan grew restless the more she thought about it.
"Are you worried about me?" Larry played with her hair and asked in a gentle voice. 
Well, isn't it obvious?How can I not worry?What am I going to do if something were to happen to him one day?! can't live without him! "Alright, alright.Don't worry I'll be fine.I promise, okay? Now, now.Let's wipe that sad look off your face, hmm?" 
Larry quickly stroked her back to comfort her.
###Chapter 3060
Seeing how concerned she was for his well-being, Larry's heart warmed. 
Meanwhile, Jake was greatly dissatisfied by this turn of events.He threw a glass of water onto the ground, smashing it into pieces. 
"Calm down, Mr.Wilson.Getting mad is useless anyway.Why don't you think of a solution instead?" Ted advised in a small voice. 
The employees outside his office shuddered fearfully upon seeing the fierce look on his face. 
Jake sighed and muttered, "What else can I do? Larry Norton is one lucky b*stard." 
If that's not luck, I don’t know what is.I mean, Joan rarely goes out, but it just so happened that she accompanied him out today. 
Heaving another sigh, he waved Ted out. 
"Leave me.I need to cool down alone" 
Leaning against the sofa, Jake gazed out the windows with half-lidded eyes while pressing his lips together in dismay. 
One day, I'll take you down, Larry Norton. 
Just you wait. 
Yes, I lost to you relationship-wise, but career- wise,that may not be the case.He slammed his fist into the wall, causing blood to trickle down his fingers.
Hence, the days went by. 
Larry was constantly updated about the preparations done by Jessica and Abelyn until the very last touch. 
"Good job.You both did well." 
Scanning the scene before him, Larry nodded with satisfaction. 
Well, duh! Take a look at who you're talking to! Jessica dusted her hands and stretched her limbs, looking slightly worse for wear. 
It wasn't all that surprising, seeing as she had been slaving away in the past few days, making sure that everything was perfect. 
"Larry, when are you planning to propose?" she asked. 
Hmm, that's a good question. 
Larry raised his head to the sky, seemingly in a dilemma.We had a minor incident not too long ago, and things have only just calmed down.I'll wait for a few more days to propose then. 
"Proposals are equally important as weddings. 
We have to make sure it's grand, Abelyn added with a pensive look on her face. 
Larry smiled in response, but didn't comment.it seems like Abelyn has changed for the better. 
Turning toward the sea, he asked meaningfully, "What about you, Jessica? What are your plans?" 
Jessica's expression turned grim in an instant.
What plans can I have anyway?I'm just going to continue living like this. 
Caspian and I will stay out of each other's lives and we'll go our separate ways. 
It sounds pretty good to me. 
Needless to say, Caspian couldn't get over her, but he was afraid that Lisa would cause unnecessary trouble for her. 
That was why he kept himself on a tight leash. 
It was truly a shame that such a loving and compatible couple ended up parting ways like that. 
A hint of pity flashed across Abelyn's eyes. 
Back then, everyone was rooting for her and Caspian, thinking that they would definitely tie the knot one day, but it seemed that fate had other plans. 
This world was indeed full of the unexpected. 
"You know, I actually think you and Caspian still have a chance; Abelyn voiced tentatively. 
It's obvious they're both still in love with each other. 
Being stubborn about it won't help either of them. 
"Abelyn, stop.And Larry, from now on, I don't wanna talk about my love life anymore. 
Let's leave it at that, Jessica replied downheartedly. 
I mean, what's the point?What else is there for me to do? Get back together with Caspian and get emotionally tortured by Lisa Dunham?There's just no way I can do that.
Instead of torturing each other, I'd rather focus on my career to distract myself. 
"I'm doing pretty good now.The bookstore is also doing very well.I'm already very satisfied with what I have, so stop worrying about me, guys" 
With that, Jessica got up and went toward the washroom. 
Caspian, who had been watching her a short distance away, hung his head in guilt. 
Larry naturally understood Jessica's feelings. 
Hence, he did not continue down this topic.Certain things were difficult to let go even under the persuasion of others.
###Chapter 3061
The topic about feelings always gave rise to controversy. 
Furthermore, men and women had varying mentalities. 
Larry was just worried that this sister of his would completely close herself off from love. 
"You two are truly amazing, huh? Seeing as you both managed to keep such major news from me; Nancy grumbled, feigning displeasure as she snacked on some fruits. 
"Alright, alright.We're telling you now, aren't we?" Jessica coaxed. 
"Are you kidding me? Larry is proposing to Joan today, and you're only telling me about it now’ This woman is taking this more seriously than I thought. 
Abelyn stifled a smile and quickly consoled her, "Alright.From now on, whenever there's good news, I'll tell you right away, okay?" 
Nancy nodded with satisfaction.That's more like it. 
Abelyn is still the more sensible one out of all of them. 
"Anyway, we'll leave Joan to you, yeah?" 
Jessica gently patted Nancy's shoulder. 
After giving them an OK sign, Nancy took her leave. 
Both Jessica and Abelyn giggled as they watched her retreating figure. 
In this whole world, Joan was probably the only one who could put up with Nancy's mischievous ways.
"Nancy, what the hell are you up to?" 
Joan asked in slight annoyance. 
"How am I supposed to see where I'm going with my eyes covered like that?" 
See where you're going?0h honey, why would you need to see when you have me? "Larry wants to give you a big surprise, so just be patient and wait; Nancy whispered into her ear with a cheeky grin. 
Surprise?What surprise?Why haven't I heard anything about this? Joan tilted her head thoughtfully. 
What's that rascal planning this time?Why is Nancy conspiring with him to bully me too? Joan muttered incoherently while walking blindly. 
Finally, the two of them came to a stop. 
When her eyes were uncovered, surprise instantly flooded her. 
What's this?What in the world is going on? Puzzled, she eyed Larry warily as he slowly made his way over to her. 
Upon coming within touching distance, he abruptly got down to one knee, causing Joan's eyes to widen with shock as panic lined her face. 
"What are you doing? Get up! This is embarrassing!" she exclaimed while trying to help Larry up from the ground. 
What's there to be embarrassed about?Isn't it normal for a man to get down on one knee while proposing to a woman? Without giving himself time to think, Larry presented her with a ring and raised his voice to say, "Marry me, Joan Watts!" 
Joan was dumbfounded.
Never in a million years did she expect Larry's surprise to be a proposal. 
For a moment, her mind was unable to register what was happening. 
"Marry him! Marry him!" 
Jessica started chanting by the sidelines. 
Soon, everyone joined in, livening up the entire venue. 
When Joan finally snapped back to her senses, all she could feel was infinite happiness.She had been waiting for this moment for a very long time. 
Wiping away her tears, she gazed at him pitifully. 
"What took you so long?" 
Everyone burst into laughter upon hearing this unexpected response. 
"It's all my fault.I shouldn't have made you wait this long." 
Larry jerked her into his arms and kissed her softly. 
"Wait!" 
A familiar male voice rang out from a distance.Isn't that Jake's voice? Joan backed away subconsciously with displeasure written all over her face. 
She didn't want to see Jake, but it was because she was afraid he would get himself hurt. 
After all, he was her savior.
"Joan, have you really made up your mind? He's Larry Norton! The man who once abandoned you." 
Jake spoke in a provoking manner while approaching her. 
What the hell is he talking about?Since when has Larry ever abandoned Joan? Jessica and Abelyn shot vicious glares at him as they gnashed their teeth together. 
This jerk is obviously making up lies!
###Chapter 3062
Jessica stormed over to him and asserted, "You're lying! Larry and Joan are truly in love.Even though Joan hasn't regained her memories, Larry would never abandon her" 
This damned girl is really loyal, isn't she? She's willing to do just about anything for her brother! Jake sneered and pushed her aside. 
"What? Don't tell me you've forgotten, Larry? Back then when Joan went missing, you never looked for her." 
What the hell is he saying? Of course I did.! sent people out every day to search for her, but we couldn't find her until...Wait, what the hell is he up to this time? Larry narrowed his eyes at the man, trying to see through his tricks. 
Judging by his demeanor, he had come fully prepared. 
"Don't be fooled by him, Joan.During the time you went missing, he went to a bar and hooked up with a girl, drinking and enjoying himself!" 
The next second, Jake threw down a bunch of photos in front of the two of them. 
Joan was dumbstruck upon seeing those photos.She never expected that the man she loved would have an affair with a girl at a bar. 
The photos were actually taken when Larry visited a bar to drown in his sorrows when Joan was still missing. 
This b*stard must've spent a fortune to get these, huh? Larry looked at him coldly.
The aura he exuded was downright terrifying. 
Picking up the photos from the ground, Joan asked in an eerily frosty voice, "What's this about, Larry? Explain." 
How should I explain this?That I just needed an outlet, and we only had some drinks together but nothing else happened? "You even danced with her?" 
Joan's voice trembled as she looked at the photos in her hands. 
Larry didn't dance with the girl, but was actually dragged along by her in his intoxicated state. 
"Joan, umm, this is all just a misunderstanding.I think you should listen to what Larry has to say-" 
"Shut up!" 
Joan cut her off. 
"Damn you, Larry! I can't believe this is your so-called love for me! It seems like I was wrong about you!" 
With that, she threw the photos at Larry and stormed off. 
Everyone was livid. 
This proposal could have been a success, but Jake had shown up and destroyed it. 
Nancy shoved Jake angrily and yelled, "You did this on purpose!" 
Jake sneered at her. 
Of course, ! did this on purpose.
I just can't stand the thought of Joan marrying Larry!! really don't understand. 
What does she even see in him?Does he deserve her more than I do? Jake looked up at the sky and laughed aloud with a mocking expression on his face. 
Then, he turned and left. 
If I can't have her, neither can you, Larry! "Jake, what the hell are you trying to do? You know that Joan doesn't love you, yet you still want to get in between her and Larry.What are you really up to?" 
Jessica demanded with a finger pointed at him. 
What am I up to?To f*ck everyone up, of course! Jake glanced at her, showing contempt as he answered in a disdainful tone, "You've misunderstood me.I only wanted Joan to know the truth" 
Jake, you son of a b*tch! Just because you can't have her, you can’t stand the thought of them being together!You're one cruel b*stard! Jessica was beside herself with rage. 
Meanwhile, Joan was nowhere to be found. 
Larry had been following her at first, but somehow, she managed to shake him off her tail. 
Abelyn held Dustin's hand and suggested with a worried expression, "We should help look for her too" 
Without a word, Dustin started the car. 
Where could she have run off to alone?
###Chapter 3063
He tightened his grip on the steering wheel and clenched his jaw. 
This is all Jake's fault. 
Does he have nothing better to do than bring up the past? "Have you found her?" 
Larry sounded very anxious. 
"No, but don't worry.Everything will turn out fine; Dustin reassured.Holding his phone in one hand, a hint of resignation flickered in his eyes.Those photos were made to seem that way. 
And now, all that distorted truth is in Jake's hands. 
What a joke! Thud! Larry rammed his fist onto the steering wheel, a murderous expression took residence on his face. 
Both Jory and Nancy sprang into action as well. 
Unbeknownst to all of them, Joan had already left the country. 
On the one hand, it was because she was really angry at Larry, but on the other, she wanted some time to herself so that she could relax completely. 
Ring, ring! Ignoring her ringing phone, Joan stared at the sea in a daze. 
Following that, her phone pinged with WhatsApp messages. 
"Where are you Joan? We're all very worried about you." It was a voice message from Nancy. 
"Joan, where have you gone off to? Larry is on the verge of losing his mind"
This was one from Jessica. 
"Where the hell are you, Joan?" Dustin's voice message came next. 
There were also voice messages from Larry, Jory, Caspian, and many others. 
However, Joan didn't feel like listening to anyone's voice. 
Hence, she simply switched off her phone and walked out with her coat in hand. 
The weather is so good. 
Joan stretched out both arms and closed her eyes, as though she was hugging mother nature itself. 
If only life can be this carefree forever.She sighed softly before her eyes grew cold.She just couldn't understand Larry. 
I used to think that f was his one true love. 
Who would've thought that he'd turn out to be a promiscuous man too? Men are nothing but a joke. 
Joan balled her fists by her sides as tears rolled down her cheeks.I gave my everything to Larry.I was even ready to marry him, but now... 
Suddenly, a woman came over and patted her on the shoulder before asking, "Ma'am, are you okay?" 
Joan was taken aback and she instinctively took a step back. 
Still shocked, she replied tersely, "I'm fine" 
Fine?She's an emotional mess.How can she be fine?
"I've seen a fair share of the world at my age.If something's troubling you, feel free to say it out loud? the woman continued.So, is she saying she's wise and all that? Skeptical, Joan scrutinized the woman in front of her, but soon, she fell into deep thought.indeed, living as a human in this world is difficult because only pain and suffering follow after we're born. 
When we're kids, we'd be busy studying in school to get good grades. 
When we grow up, we'd be busy making money to support our families... 
In fact, all we do is suffer from the day we're born until the day we die. 
The only difference is that some people can survive it and enjoy a better life as they grow older, while others aren't as lucky. 
"It's nothing serious.I just wanted to come out and relax." 
Joan lowered her head, looking helpless. 
Seeing as she was in a foreign place, she could actually tell everything to this woman. 
Unfortunately, she couldn't muster up the courage to do so. 
This woman would probably laugh if I told her. 
"Don't worry, child.I won't tell anyone" 
Suddenly, all of Joan's bottled-up emotions rushed to the surface like a tidal wave, and she spilled everything to the woman. 
After she was done, as though a weight had been lifted off her chest, she could finally breathe easier.
###Chapter 3064
Seeing Joan instantly relax, the woman smiled.Youngsters are known to be reckless. 
They just need time to cool off. 
With that, the woman turned and walked away. 
Looking at the figure in the distance, gratitude gleamed in Joan's eyes. 
There are certain things I find difficult to tell my family and friends, but I can always tell them to a stranger, right? Since we don't know each other, I won't need to worry if he or she will laugh at me. 
Besides, a civilized person wouldn't laugh. 
When the sky grew dark, Joan tugged her coat tighter around herself and turned to leave. 
Back indoors, her phone kept ringing the moment she switched it back on. 
Perhaps she found it annoying, she picked up the call and put it on speaker before throwing the phone on the sofa. 
"Joan, where are you now? We're all going crazy here!" 
Jessica's voice sounded panicked on the other end of the line. 
"Tell me where you are and I'll go right over." 
Going crazy, huh?How crazy? Joan lips curled into a smile that didn't reach her eyes. 
"I've gone abroad" she answered impassively.
The person on the other end of the line fell silent. 
Why did she leave the country all of a sudden? Unsettled, Jessica scratched the back of her head. 
I have to tell Larry about this! 
"Joan, let me explain.The scandal about Larry is actually fake.Don't believe a thing you see or hear" Jessica quickly said. 
Fake?Who's she trying to bluff?Never mind if only one person says it, but it was even in the newspapers!How could it possibly be fake? Joan bit down hard her bottom lip, trying to quell her anger. 
"If there's nothing else, I'm gonna hang up now-" 
With that, she directly ended the call. 
"Joan, which country are you in now?" Nancy asked tentatively through the phone. 
Naturally, Joan wouldn't disclose that information. It was rare that she could come out for some air alone. 
Hence, she didn't want anyone disturbing her peace and quiet. 
Moreover, her anger hadn't yet subsided. 
"Nancy, I need space, so stop calling me, all of you." 
Joan hung up right after that. 
When the line went dead, Nancy's eyes gradually dimmed. 
It looks like she's really mad this time.I've never seen her leave the country out of anger.
She must be furious to have gone abroad just like that. 
Damn that Jake! He went to great lengths, didn't he? Going so far as bringing up all those false facts!The plan was to have the wedding a few weeks after the proposal was a success, but look what happened now. 
The bride has run away. 
Nancy paced around the area, feeling utterly helpless. 
What should we do now? By the side, Jory massaged his temples and suggested wearily, "Should we send someone to search for her abroad?" 
Sounds easy, but send them where though? Nancy was frustrated out of her mind. 
How am I supposed to send people in search of her when I don't even know which country she went to? She wrung her hands as her face clouded over. 
Damon it, Larry! Why did you have to drink your sorrows away? Look at what happened. 
That jerk has something to use against you now. 
"Stop pacing around.You're making me dizzy; Jory grumbled before closing his eyes.Nancy immediately stopped and whipped out her phone to make a call. 
"If nothing's working, let's search through every country for her. 
"What? Are you crazy? Do you know how many countries there are in this world?" Jessica exclaimed over the phone. 
Joan's merely upset and wants to relax by herself.
Why bother taking such drastic measures? Besides, she's also a grown woman who can take care of herself.
###Chapter 3065
"Don't worry about it anymore.We'll do something if we still don't get any news later on.I mean, we've got to give her some time to cool off, right?" Jessica said as she attempted to reassure Nancy. 
Nancy heaved a sigh of relief after listening to her, and her features softened. However, she was still apprehensive about Joan's safety. 
Meanwhile, Larry appeared to be swamped in his office. 
"Larry, are you really not worried at all?" Caspian made his way into Larry's office and asked. 
There was no doubt that the man was worried sick. 
Of course I'm worried.She's the woman I love! Larry put down the pen in his hand and narrowed his eyes as he gazed out the window dolefully. 
"So what if I'm worried about her? She's not even picking up my calls” Larry said helplessly. 
Asking Larry about the matter was akin to stepping on his tail. 
Joan would answer Jessica's calls, and even Nancy's. 
However, she just would not pick up Larry's calls. 
It seems like she's really mad at me this time. 
Larry scratched the back of his head, feeling indignant about Joan's attitude toward himself. 
"Why don't we just fly over to meet her?" 
Caspian lifted his head and asked in a small voice.
Larry actually knew where Joan was.He was just reluctant to upset her.He had installed a tracking app on her phone.However, it was useless when her phone was off. 
"No, it's alright.We'll wait two more days." 
Larry waved his hands to dismiss Caspian’s idea. 
Wait for another two days? Bemused, Caspian widened his eyes at the man before him.He did not understand what was on Larry's mind. 
Larry used to be anxious just without seeing Joan for one day. 
Why is he so laid back right now? 
"Caspian, you haven't been home for days." 
A young woman dashed into Larry's office right then. 
What is happening right now? Caspian looked awkward at the woman's sudden appearance. 
Why is she here? 
"Hey, you.Get out of here;’ Larry ordered the woman. 
The young lady was stumped. 
Why is Larry so cold and distant?Did he seriously just ask me to get lost? Lisa clutched tightly to Caspian's arms and put on a pitiful face. 
"Larry, I'm sorry.I'll take her away now" 
Caspian dragged her away right after.
"What on earth do you want?" 
Caspian shrugged her off at the entrance of the company and asked coldly. 
What do I want? I want you to acknowledge me!Jessica has broken things off with him, but it seems like he's still not taking me seriously. 
This is really unfair! Why is Caspian still thinking about that b*tch when she's already dumped him? Damn it all! I will air our dirty laundry right here in front of everybody else! "Caspian, it's been a few days since I've seen you. I really miss you so much" the young lady said in a coy manner as she put on a pitiful look again. 
She misses me? The hell with that! She's only missing my money! Caspian shrugged her off again, and harder, this time to distance himself from the young woman. He was afraid of others misunderstanding anything should they see him intertwined with her. 
"Just leave. I need to work" 
Caspian said before turning around to leave. 
"Um..." 
The young woman tried to stop him. 
"Caspian, I'm a bit short-handed right now.Could you lend me some money?" 
The young woman lowered her head and said in a small voice. 
As expected, she's only here looking for me because of money. 
Caspian lifted his head to look at the sky, sneering at himself for his luck.
Why should I give her money?She's neither my girlfriend nor is she pregnant with my child. 
Why should I support her financially? "Just leave and go look for the child's father, and get married to him so that he could provide for the family.Don't waste your energy on me.I know you're not pregnant with my child, and I will not acknowledge you nor the baby’ Caspian said decisively.
###Chapter 3066
The young woman was stumped, taken aback by the man's stern manner. 
"No, the baby is yours! Caspian, are you going to abandon your child?" 
Duh, is she being serious? I don't think she even knows who the father of the child is. 
"Just drop the act! Aren't you getting tired?" Caspian said exasperatedly. 
No, of course not. 
What else can I do if I really quit bothering him?it's impossible for me to go back to the brothel in the residential compound now that I'm pregnant. 
"Caspian, please just take me in. I will wash your clothes and cook for you in return; the young woman knelt before him all of a sudden. Caspian was flustered by her sudden move, more so when the onlookers started gesticulating. 
"Get up now, you're making a scene." 
Caspian frantically tried to help her up but to no avail. 
The young lady just would not budge. 
"Hey, what do you think is happening to Caspian? I thought he's together with Jessica? Why is he getting involved with another woman?" 
"Oh, you still have no idea. Jessica has broken up with him, and I heard it's because of the young woman out there."
A few employees were gossiping outside the office after seeing Lisa making a scene. 
Larry put down the documents in his hands and walked out of his office. 
Sure enough, he was greeted by the woeful show that Lisa was trying to pull. 
How dare she make a scene at my office! Larry clenched his fist tight and made his way over. 
Pointing at the young woman who was still kneeling, he shouted, "What on earth are you guys doing?" 
Lisa stopped sobbing right away. 
"Caspian is dumping me!" 
The young woman shrieked. 
Her remark incited bouts of hushed whisper among the crowd. 
"You're lying!" 
Caspian roared as he failed to subdue his anger. 
"Take her away right now. Are you trying to cause a scene at my place?" Larry nudged at Caspian and said. 
The woman is not leaving even if I told her to! Caspian looked helplessly at the man before him. 
"Take her away!" 
Larry beckoned at security personnel who were standing behind him. 
A few security guards dashed over and dragged Lisa over to the roadside.
The crowd started to disperse just moments after. 
"Look at the trouble you've caused!" 
Larry pointed at the young woman by the roadside and said to Caspian. 
"You're the pot calling a kettle black; as if you've got nothing on your plate; Caspian muttered as he kept his head low. 
"What did you say?" 
"Nothing.I was just thanking you for your help today." 
Caspian smiled and tried to gloss over his blunder. 
However, Larry had actually heard it crystal clear. 
Huh, he's starting to mock me now. 
Caspian knew that Larry actually caught onto his words as well, but thought that it was fine for them to joke around. 
As Caspian and Larry turned around to head back to Larry's office, Lisa gritted her teeth as she watched the two silhouettes leaving her sight as she sat by the roadside. 
Damn it, Caspian has the audacity to try and chase me away! How dare Larry treat me that way too?! need to do something, or else they won't take me seriously! "Don't go looking for Jessica lately.And by the way, you know you shouldn't take that Lisa lightly. She's really something else." 
Larry warned Caspian in a low voice after they were back in his office.
Caspian knew where he was coming from. 
In fact, he had not contacted Jessica for a number of days, fearing that she might get hurt because of him. 
"Mr.Norton!" 
Jessica's assistant rushed into his office anxiously. 
At the sight of Caspian, she tried to calm herself down and managed a composed look. 
"Say it!" Caspian growled at her.
###Chapter 3067
Her assistant kept her head low as she reported, "Ms.Zimmer is in the hospital." 
Caspian dashed out of his office without a hint of hesitation. 
"Caspian, Ms.Zimmer does not wish for you to visit her at the hospital!" 
The assistant shouted. 
It managed to stop the man in his tracks as he put on a helpless look. 
What should I do? He wanted to see the woman badly to see how she was doing. 
However, she was reluctant to even see him. 
Larry was at a loss as he looked at Caspian. 
"Don't worry, I'll go take a look; He patted lightly on Caspian's shoulders as an attempt to reassure him before leaving. 
In the hospital, Jessica was laying on the bed with her eyes closed.She seemed tired. 
"What happened?" 
Larry looked at the assistant perched by the entrance of her ward and asked. 
"Lisa gave Ms.Zimmer a slap across the face.She fell to the floor and fainted? the assistant replied.Lisa came looking for Jessica, again?That doesn't sound right.Caspian hasn't been seeing Jessica lately.It seems like this young lady is not going to let Jessica off the hook that easily.
"Get more people to guard her ward.Do not let any unauthorized personnel enter, Larry ordered.He was trying to protect Jessica from getting hurt further. 
"Larry, you're here; Jessica greeted him as she noticed him standing by the door. 
"Yeah.How are you feeling? Are you feeling any better?" 
"Don't worry, I'm alright.I just fell down, it's nothing serious.Don't I look alright to you?" 
Jessica gave him a smile. 
How can she still manage a smile at times like these?She just doesn't want others to worry about her. 
What is she going to do when she really needs help someday? Who's going to come to her rescue then? 
"Then why did you fall down?" 
It was a rhetorical question. 
Larry was just trying to sound her out. 
Jessica was stumped for a moment before she regained her composure.She turned her face to one side and looked out the window. 
"Larry, what are you saying? I just fell, nothing more" 
"Don't try to hide it from me.I Know for a fact that Lisa went looking for you again.What did she say this time?" 
Larry straightened out his clothes and asked softly.
What else can she say?It's about Caspian, of course.She shouldn't come looking for me when I've already decided to leave Caspian for good. 
Why is she going over the line by lashing out at me like that? Jessica was baffled by her actions. 
"You have to be warier of her in the future.She's not the type to let you off the hook easily.Don't just tolerate her undue behavior.Otherwise, she's only going to get worse" 
Larry reminded her. 
Yes, some people would not just back down even if the other party had decided to become the bigger person and let them off the hook. 
Instead, they would go out of their way to take advantage of others beyond the mark. 
"Yes, that's her! She tried to kill me!" 
All of a sudden, Lisa dashed into Jessica's ward with a number of cops behind her. 
What is going on? Startled, Jessica widened her eyes in disbelief at the people who just dashed into her ward. 
However, Larry had expected it all. 
"She's the one trying to harm me and my child!" 
The young lady pointed at Jessica who was still on the hospital bed and berated her. 
The cops then made their way to the side of Jessica's bed with a stern face and said, "Ma'am, we would like to request your cooperation in an investigation."
Why do I need to give cooperation for an investigation? When have ! ever lay a finger on that young lady?Damn it. 
ls the b*tch trying to slander me? Jessica glared at the woman before her with the thought in mind. 
"Jessica, don't worry and just give good cooperation for the investigation.We will go through the proper legal procedures if they should find out anything.However, if this proves to be an attempt to slander you, I will not let her off the hook easily" Larry said in a frigid tone.
###Chapter 3068
The young lady was stumped and retracted a few steps back unconsciously.How is this Larry showing up everywhere I go? She clenched her fist tight, and started to feel uneasy. 
I'm not going to be able to do anything if Larry stands in my way! Jessica knew that Larry already had something planned after she heard his remarks. 
The cops left not long after, and when the young lady was about to leave, Larry dashed forward and stopped her in her tracks. 
"Don't try to blow things way out of proportions.You should really think things through for you and your baby.If you lose your baby, I wonder how are you going to bargain for more money from Caspian" 
There were clear undertones in Larry's words, and it sent chills down Lisa's spine. 
"What are you saying? Jessica is the one trying to harm me and kill my baby.How is this my fault?" 
The young lady stubbornly stood her ground and retorted. 
She's really pushing her luck! Jessica had clearly said that she would not stand in between Caspian and Lisa, but the woman still had the audacity to accuse her. 
She will sh*t all over my head if I don't teach her a lesson! 
"You'd better get it in your head that I see Jessica as my sister! If anything should happen to her, I will not get out of your hair!" 
Larry glowered at the woman before him. 
Then, he turned around and took a seat at the sofa aside, exuding a domineering vibe as he went.
Lisa gulped and left the ward shaken by his aura. 
Meanwhile, Jessica was feeling indignant for her luck.She was the victim, and yet she was about to be interrogated by the cops. 
The offender was still out and about while the victim had to suffer the consequences in the hospital. 
Her eyes brimmed with tears and rolled down her cheeks. 
Larry knew Jessica had plenty of pent-up emotions and thought it was best to just let her vent her feelings. 
Hence, the man did not try to comfort her.He was well aware that even though Jessica always seemed positive and bubbly, the woman was melancholic by nature. 
"You'd better concentrate on healing your body here.I will help you settle the rest" 
Larry walked over and tapped her on the shoulder to reassure her. 
Other than Larry, who else can I really trust in this world? Caspian had become another woman's man, and she only had Larry left— someone who was like a brother to her. 
"What did you say? Did Jessica get hurt? Why didn't you tell me earlier?" 
Joan sounded urgent on the line. 
"Joan, didn't you ask us not to disturb you?" 
Nancy stuttered, stumped by her demeanor. 
How can I stay calm when something's happened to Jessica?
"Joan, don't worry.Jessica is alright now.She's still under observation at the hospital though" Nancy deliberately said. 
Joan was like a cat on hot bricks after hearing the news. 
No, I have to go back to Chanaea right now! She figured that it must have something to do with the young lady, Lisa. 
Otherwise, given Jessica's personality, who would think of even harming her? "You have to let me know right away if anything happens to Jessica!" 
Then, Joan hung up the call, picked up her coat, and headed outside. it's really one thing after another with this girl. 
How can she still be cool as a cucumber when someone's clearly trying to frame her? I wouldn't have known about it if Nancy had not told me about it today.
###Chapter 3069
How is that Caspian still not able to settle the matter between him and Lisa? It's already been dragging on for so long. 
His fickleness has caused Jessica to suffer! The next day, Joan showed up at the hospital where Jessica was at.She felt her heart ached at the sight of the woman on the hospital bed. 
Joan tucked Jessica in and looked anxiously at her friend. 
Jessica would be living in hell if the matter between Caspian and Lisa were not resolved. 
While men fought with spears and shields, women fought with schemes and mind tricks. 
Jessica touched her forehead and let out a sigh. 
"Why? Are you having a headache?" Joan asked anxiously. 
Hmm? isn't that Joan's voice? Jessica opened her eyes immediately and widened her eyes at the woman before her. 
Am I dreaming? She clutched on tightly to Joan’s arms as she looked apprehensive. 
"What's the matter with you? Why do you behave like this when you see me?" 
Joan was bemused when she noticed Jessica's odd reaction toward her presence. 
It's her! It's really her! "Joan, you're finally back!" 
Overjoyed, Jessica hugged her tightly. 
Joan had appeared right when she felt overwhelmed and anxious.
Joan tapped her softly on the back and comforted her. 
A cold glint flashed across her eyes before she said, "Come, tell me what happened.I will make things right." 
We're living in a civilized society governed by the law. 
Does that young lady really think that she can get away with attempts of murder? "Joan, I'm really hurt...Everything hurts so badly..." 
The woman on the bed could no longer restrain herself and broke into a wail. 
It had been some time since it happened.She should be letting it all out now. 
"It's Lisa.She's slandering me by saying that I attempted to murder her and the child in her belly.But I'd never even think about it.You know that." 
Joan knew that Jessica would not stoop to such despicable acts. 
Then, Jessica gradually recounted and explained everything to her. 
What a vicious woman! Joan clenched her fist tight as her gaze turned frigid. 
"Don't worry too much.You still have Larry.He will do it right by you" 
Joan reassured her as she brushed her fingers through Jessica's hair gently. 
At that point, Jessica could only count on Larry. 
Meanwhile, Caspian's door was kicked down with a loud thud.
"You know what? You're a really terrible man! What are you even thinking? Jessica's being bullied by that b*tch and you're just sitting around doing nothing?" 
Nancy dashed into the living room and berated. 
"Nancy, what's the matter with you?" 
Caspian greeted her and asked. 
ls he seriously asking me what's wrong?It was all thanks to him! Why did he have to go to the brothel? How is he going to deal with the trouble now? "I didn't know that something like that would happen too,;’ Caspian explained. 
He was actually waiting for Lisa to explain herself. 
However, Nancy's sudden appearance startled him. 
"What are you even thinking? Are you just going to stand around and watch Jessica being trampled all over? Caspian, I know you still have feelings for her.Why are you letting that young lady go over the line like that?" 
Nancy said exasperatedly. 
She knew Jessica well and swore on her conscience that the latter would not resort to such vile acts. 
That b*tch is just making things up! Caspian sighed as he looked at her being all anxious.He took a seat as he attempted to calm himself down. 
To be frank, he was at a loss of his next course of action too.
It was obvious that Lisa was trying to get him to marry her, and she was resorting to every trick up her sleeves, including making Jessica's life difficult. 
She's indeed a wicked woman. 
Caspian clutched tightly at the corners of his shirt as his lips pursed into a thin, hard line.
###Chapter 3070
"Well, well.Look who's here?" 
Lisa made her way to her door and mocked aloud. 
Nancy got up right away after hearing the woman's voice. 
"Oh, Ms.Barrymore.Take a seat, no need to greet me" Lisa said. 
Greet her? Does she seriously think she's worthy of my respect? Nancy straightened out her clothes and squared her shoulders as she stood tall in front of the young lady. 
Smack! A slap landed on the young lady's face, turning it crimson. 
"Are you nuts?" 
Lisa cradled her cheeks and retorted aloud. 
"I'm going to make myself loud and clear.Get the hell away from Jessica! If you even so much as lay a finger on her again, I will make sure that you disappear from this city forever.Don't believe me? Why don't you try your damn luck?" 
Nancy turned on her heels to leave right after. 
Lisa did not dare to tempt her fate, given the influence of the Barrymores in the city. 
Lisa was frustrated at the lack of response from Caspian. 
Damn it, Caspian is still giving me nothing! The young lady demanded, "Caspian, what the hell are you doing? I've been hit by someone!"
So? Do you expect me to demand an apology from Nancy? Caspian shrugged her off and left. 
Great, they're all cornering me. 
Lisa gritted her teeth as she watched the silhouettes leaving her. 
Lisa made her way to the yard as she whispered on the phone, "How is it? Has she left?" 
"No, she's been guarding the ward. 
There's no chance for us to strike a move; a woman replied softly on the other end. 
Damn, I did not expect that Joan will care so much about Jessica! 
"Alright, we'll see how things go." 
Lisa hung up the phone right after. 
"What's the matter?" 
All of a sudden, Caspian appeared right in front of her. 
"You...Why are you here? Didn't you already go back to your room?" 
Lisa retracted a few steps, and her voice turned shaky when she noticed him. 
Well, I wouldn't be able to overhear all these conversations if I hadn't pretended to head back to the room. 
Caspian snorted at her reaction as he dashed forward to grab her arms. 
"Spit everything out! What are you planning to do? You'd better tell me everything, or else I'm going to dump you in the wilderness!"
The young lady felt threatened, and she was well aware of how she would end up if she was indeed left to fend for herself out in the wilderness. 
"Caspian, I didn't plan on doing anything to her.I was just calling my sister; she said in an attempt to cover up her tracks.ls she for real? Does she really think I've not heard her cold tone while on the phone just now?Great, I'll just teach her a lesson. 
"Get up, follow me!" 
Caspian dragged her out of the house right then. 
"Caspian, what the hell do you think you're doing? You can't leave me all alone.I love you, and we have a baby together’ the young lady caressed her belly and said hastily.She loves me?Is that why she's trying to harm Jessica?! couldn't bear someone loving me this way. 
Ring! Caspian's phone rang all of a sudden. 
At the sight of the caller ID, Caspian shrugged off the young lady and called a number. 
"Hurry! You have to come to the hospital right now!" 
Joan sounded exasperated on the phone. 
Caspian was stumped. 
However, he soon regained his composure and dashed for his car. 
The young lady who was slumped to the floor curled into a wicked smile when she noticed his car speeding away. 
If she had guessed correctly, something must have happened to Jessica.
"Doctor, please.You have to save her" pleaded Joan as she sobbed. 
"Don't worry. We will try our best." 
The doctor reassured her before skirting her out the door. 
Soon, Caspian, Nancy, Jory, and Abelyn made reached the hospital. 
"What happened to her?" 
Abelyn clutched tightly onto Dustin and asked. 
"Where is she? The one who put her in this state?" 
Dustin turned to ask Joan right away.
###Chapter 3071
"She got away; Joan replied sadly. 
When she got into the ward, the woman had already plunged a knife into Jessica's belly before turning on her heels. 
The doctor had only got out of Jessica's ward after some time. 
"Doctor, how is she doing?” Joan asked as she wiped away her tears. 
The doctor took off his mask and shook his head with a grim look on his face. 
"I'm sorry to say that we did not manage to save the baby. 
The mother, however, is in a stable condition. 
Nevertheless, she will need some quiet time to recuperate.” Baby? What baby? Was Jessica pregnant? Flabbergasted at the revelation, Caspian wrapped his hands around his head. 
Why am I not even aware that she's pregnant?Why didn't Jessica tell me? The truth was, even Jessica had no idea that she was pregnant. 
The poor woman had to endure the loss of her child without even knowing that she had the baby in the first place. 
"Why are you guys all here? I'm alright. 
| just suffered a minor injury” Jessica managed a weak smile while she lay on the hospital bed.
Why is she so stubborn?How long is she planning to keep this from us? Should | tell her about the baby? She's going to be in despair if she knows about it. 
Joan was on the fence about divulging the news to her friend, fearing that it might be too much of a shock to her. 
"Joan, look at you. 
Why are you crying? I'm really alright!” Jessica quipped. 
The group left after chatting with her, leaving Joan and Jessica in the ward alone. 
“Joan, you should know why I didn’t let you leave," Jessica said ina serious manner. 
Why would Nancy be so sad if I'm only hurt like that?She should be relieved that I'm actually alive. 
However, Jessica found the grim look on Nancy's face alarming. 
Have ! been diagnosed with some sort of terminal iliness? Or do | not have much time left? Ever since venturing into business, Jessica had improved by leaps and bounds in picking up on subtle expressions in other people. 
"Didn't you ask me to stay so that | can take good care of you?" She's still trying to hide something from me. 
Jessica was apprehensive as she clutched tightly onto her sheets. 
"Joan, let's cut to the chase. 
What did the doctor say just now? Don't worry, | can take it.
| know how my body is doing.” She knows how her body is doing? Really?Then why is she still going around despite knowing that she’s pregnant? She's not even taking good care of her own body. 
Joan was overwhelmed with a sense of frustration at the thought and replied, “It's nothing major. 
The doctor mentioned that you're in a shock, and you need to take ample rest.” Really? Did the doctor really say that? That can't be true! "If you're not going to tell me, I'm going to ask the doctor myself!" Jessica prepared to get off the bed herself right then. 
“Alright, alright! Don't trouble yourself. 
I'll tell you!” Joan went ahead to steady her and told her the truth. 
Jessica did not manage to hold her emotions in. 
She clutched on her belly and broke into a violent sob. 
“It's all my fault!" She hit herself on the head and roared. 
However, it was all too late. 
No amount of regret or sorrow would be able to turn things back to the way it was. 
“Where is that woman? I'm going to catch her! She has to pay blood for blood. 
| will not let her get away from this. 
| will make sure she stays behind the bar for what she's done!” Jessica demanded as she pushed Joan forcefully to one side. 
Joan knew that Jessica would not let the woman off the hook if she had known about it.
However, the culprit was long gone. 
Knowing the fact, Lisa had not attempted to escape. 
On the other hand, she knew that everyone would start to point fingers at her, should she attempt an escape right then.
###Chapter 3072
"Jessica, don't worry. You need to calm down. 
Larry has already sent someone after her,’ Joan hugged her friend gently as she reassured her. 
Jessica felt a sense of remorse washing over as she looked at her belly. 
She did not expect that she was already pregnant. 
“It's all my fault!" Patients who happened to pass by her ward all gave her sympathetic looks. 
"I'm going to avenge my child! | will report this to the police!" Jessica said as she stood up. 
"Don't be rash! The police are already aware of it. 
Don't worry and let Larry handle this. 
You're already hurt. 
This is no time for you to worry about all these. 
You should take a good rest right now so that your body can recover” Joan said as she tucked Jessica into bed. 
My child is dead. 
Why would anyone try to harm me? I've not antagonized anyone. 
Puzzled, Jessica looked out the window as she contemplated all the possibilities. 
This woman still has not thought about that young lady. 
Joan cast a glance at her friend and looked helpless.
"Hey, leave those troubles for the future you, okay? You need to stay right here and rest,’ Joan said as she passed over a cup of water to Jessica. 
How can / stay right here when I've already lost my baby? Jessica let out a heavy sigh and massaged her temples. 
No, | have to get to the bottom of this! Then, the image of a person's face popped into her mind, and it was no other than Lisa. 
Could she have sent someone to do that to me? Lisa has been immensely jealous of Caspian and me, and she has tried to make things difficult for me. 
But is she really behind this vicious act to separate me and Caspian for good? "Joan, did you guys already find out something? Why didn't you guys tell me?" Bemused at the current situation, Jessica asked Joan. 
“Larry is investigating this. 
Don't worry about it and let him catch the culprit.” Meanwhile, Lisa was still on the phone in the living room. 
"What did you say? She's pregnant? So the baby's gone? Is this for real?" Lisa asked. 
"Yes, it's true," the woman on the other end replied. 
They did not know that Jessica was actually pregnant when they decided to harm her. 
She's pregnant... 
It has to be Caspian’s baby then! Surely, Caspian will be off to take care of her if she's really pregnant. 
Luckily the baby’s gone.
Otherwise, that child will be up against my child for the right to inherit Caspian's assets. 
Just when the woman was thanking her lucky stars, the door was kicked down with a loud thud. 
"What's the matter? Why are you so mad?” Lisa sprung up from the sofa and asked. 
Is she really asking me that?it's all thanks to you, of course! It's bad enough that you‘re always making things difficult for her, but now you're really stepping over the line by causing her to suffer a miscarriage! 
"Did you know that Jessica was pregnant? Now she's lost everything, and it's all because of you! You killed the baby!" Caspian was drunk, but his brain was sober than ever. 
Only Lisa could have done such a vile act to someone as kind as Jessica. 
"What do you mean? I'm just a woman who wants to live a peaceful and uneventful life,” the young lady put on an indignant face and said. 
"Drop the act. You're the one who sent someone to harm her, but now you're acting like nothing happened. 
You have the audacity to even watch TV and enjoy fruits here!" Caspian pointed right at her nose and berated. 
So what? She's still alive. 
You guys are the ones forcing me to go to the extremes!
###Chapter 3073
Lisa clutched at the corners of her shirt and was boiling with fury. 
She walked over to the sofa and sat down. 
So what if the woman's hurt? Is he really that worried about her losing the baby?He didn't look at all worried or sad when | was hurt! “I'd advise you to surrender yourself. 
Jessica will not let you off easy; Caspian said as he closed his eyes. 
He was drained from all the drama. 
The man felt a surging urge to slap the young lady in front of him. 
However, he knew that the troublemaker would just come up with a myriad of excuses later to torture him. 
"Caspian, don't try to accuse me of something that I've not done. 
Why should | surrender myself if I've done nothing wrong? Besides, you should believe in me because we are a family. 
Are you seriously doubting me because of another woman? Caspian, the child in my belly is yours” Clang! All of a sudden, Caspian took the glass on the coffee table and hurled it to the floor, smashing it into pieces. 
The young lady was taken aback and retracted a few steps unconsciously. 
She's still trying to shirk her responsibilities at this point! Caspian clenched his fist tight as he gritted his teeth. 
He would have beaten the crap out of her if she was a man.
"The baby in my belly is yours, whether you want to acknowledge it or not!" The young lady shrieked. 
"Get the hell out! Out! Do not ever show up in front of me again. 
Otherwise, I'm not going to let you off easy!” Caspian pointed at the door and roared. 
Is he chasing me out the door? Why do | have to listen to him?Jessica is the one who should be getting out of our lives. 
The young lady said nothing and turned on her heels to head upstairs instead. 
Frustrated at her indifferent attitude, Caspian sat back down in the living room as he smacked his forehead repeatedly. 
The man was in agony a sense of remorse overpowered him. 
What have | done in my past life to suffer such karmic retribution?! must have suffered a blow to my head for me to go to that brothel in the residential compound back then. 
Ring! "Caspian, please come to the hospital.” Joan's voice was impassive. 
Caspian recollected himself and took his coat before he left the house. 
At the same time, Jessica was laying on the bed while she stared out ahead at the lonesome crescent that hung on the night sky with a grim look on her face. 
“What's the matter? Did anything happen to Jessica?" Caspian opened the door and asked aloud. 
"Could you keep it down? There's other patients here too,’ Joan walked over to his side and nudged him. 
Jessica breathed in deeply as she opened her eyes and looked at the man who barged his way in.
With a frigid tone, she asked, “Caspian, I'm going to ask you this question only once. 
If that baby in her belly is truly yours, what will you do if | report her to the police?” Caspian was stumped by the question. 
How /s that possible? The baby in her belly is most definitely not mine! Trembling, he cast a glance at Joan who was standing aside. 
"| don't want to listen to all the talk of you denying that the baby is not yours. 
Please answer my question Jessica pressed on. 
Joan turned around and looked out the window as she refused to get entangled in the matter which was clearly personal between the two. 
“I don't care if the baby's mine. 
| will personally send her to the police station if she’s the one who hurt you!” Caspian replied adamantly. 
Jessica had been an important woman to him. 
She's already lost her parents and family. 
| can't disappoint and leave her all alone. 
Jessica turned her face to one side and closed her eyes as she felt warm lines streaming down her cheeks. 
Larry had already expected the answer from Caspian.
His lips curled into a relieved smile. 
At the very least, Jessica would find some solace in that answer.
###Chapter 3074
After all, Caspian's decision was not an easy one. 
"Okay, then don't blame me for going all out on her." Jessica wiped away the tears on her face and said determinedly. 
| will get to the bottom of this, and | will see her get locked behind the bars. 
"Don't trouble yourself with that. 
You've got me and Larry handling it. 
You just need to take good care of yourself in the hospital” Joan tapped on her shoulders and said softly. 
"Well, well. Look who's here; Nancy showed up all of a sudden and said mockingly at the sight of Caspian. 
She would be infuriated every time she thought about how Caspian was to be blamed for Jessica being in such a quandary. 
“Nancy, where is my meatloaf?" Jessica said in an attempt to change the topic. 
"Here it is” It was a successful attempt as Nancy did not continue to snide at Caspian. 
The group chatted for a bit before Larry led Caspian out of the ward. 
Given Nancy's personality, Larry knew that the woman was going to nag Caspian's ears off if he continued to stay in the ward. 
"What's your plan? Are you going to continue tolerating her?" Nancy nibbled on the fruits and said softly.
Am | going to tolerate her? Why would | do that? Do I have to tolerate her behavior just because she's younger than me?What a joke! Her actions were proof that she was going out of her way to hurt Jessica. 
A determined glint flashed in Jessica’s eyes as she replied, “No, | will let her suffer the consequences of her actions in the jail” Their country was governed by law and order. 
They could get her prosecuted as long as they could find any incriminating evidence against Lisa. 
Jessica lowered her head in apprehension. 
Where am ! going to look for the witness if she's already fled? “Attaboy. 
Let me tell you, sometimes we really cannot back down from people like these. 
Otherwise, they're going to think that we're easy targets, Nancy said as a matter-of-factly. 
Jessica nodded in agreement. 
Her reluctance in blowing things out of proportion had opened the way for the young lady to keep pushing her luck and consequently making things worse. 
"Mr. Norton, | found her, the assistant looked at Larry and reported his findings. 
"Where is she?" Larry stood to attention immediately. 
“At a nursing home.’ What is she doing at a nursing home? Furrowing his brows, Larry stood up and looked out the window, and got lost in thoughts. 
It seemed like the nursing home had someone whom she cared about. 
Larry's lips curled into a slight smile.
She has someone whom she cares about. 
That means that she is vulnerable. 
Soon, he reached the nursing home. 
“Mr. 
Norton, it's the woman in the room,’ the assistant added. 
There were two women in the ward. 
One was the one who harmed Jessica, and another one was an aged woman who looked quite abnormal. 
A pang of realization hit Larry right then. 
They were mother and daughter. 
Just when his assistant was about to dash into the ward to seize the woman, Larry reached out to stop him. 
"Mr. Norton, what do you mean?" The assistant was befuddled. 
He's the one adamant about catching her. 
Why is he hesitating now? Larry was not on the fence about his decision. 
Instead, he just did not wish for the woman to be caught right in front of her mother. 
Despite the woman's contemptible act, Larry felt the need to spare her dignity, and it was purely from his altruistic point of view.
The assistant waited for the woman to head out of the room before seizing her.
###Chapter 3075
However, the assistant was confounded by her lack of resistance. 
She had already seen Larry's face from inside of the ward. 
The woman merely chose not to react to his presence. 
Nevertheless, she was thankful that Larry did not choose to disrupt her. 
“Who instructed you?" Larry walked over to her side and demanded in a cold, hard tone. 
“I'm not going to tell you that? the woman answered bluntly. 
She was afraid of divulging Lisa's name to someone else, as the latter had threatened to harm her mother if anyone should know about the matter. 
She closed her eyes and waited for Larry's backlash. 
It was as if she knew that any attempt to salvage herself would be in vain. 
The woman knew she was being foolish. 
Why am I being so loyal toward a woman who is not even related to me? "Don't worry. 
I will ensure your mother's safety if you tell me who has instructed you to harm Jessica. 
On top of that, I will ensure that your mother receives the best treatment from the very best doctors" The woman was taken aback by his offer. 
She had not expected that things would take such a turn. 
{t seems like he really cares about his godsister! She snorted in derision.
"You guys had better give it up. 
I will not tell you guys that easily. 
Besides, you'd better release me soon. 
The police will not let you guys off easy if anything should happen to me!" The woman shouted as she struggled to free herself. 
Really? I will not let your wish come true though. 
Larry snickered with the thought in mind. 
“Take her away! And take her mother along too!” Larry ordered. 
What? Is he trying to take my mother away too?No, I can't let him do that! “Larry, let me go! Come at me if you have anything against me. 
You'd better not stoop so low that you're resorting to harming my mother! She doesn't have a clue about anything, and she is not at all involved in this matter!" The woman bawled in desperation. 
So now she knows what she's dealing with, right? Larry lifted his head and looked straight into her eyes with a stern look. 
Your mother is really important to you, right? That's great. 
"Keep an eye on her mother, and make sure that she stays in the nursing home,’ Larry said. 
The woman seemed to have panicked as she added, "I'll say it! Don't hurt my mother! She's really old now, and she's not going to be able to endure this kind of stress. 
Please don't disturb her" Woman, what goes around comes back around.
Larry stared at the woman before him in a deadpan manner. 
However, he was thankful that she was a filial daughter. 
They would have been at a loss should they be dealing with a heartless and fearless person. 
“Someone has instructed me to hurt Jessica, the woman confessed. 
However, what she did not know was that Larry was actually recording her every word. 
The name of the culprit was finally revealed, and it was as Larry had expected. 
What a vile woman! Larry tapped himself forcefully on the head to clear his mind. 
After egging on for the woman to confess about anything there was to know, Larry released the woman. 
He was a sensible man, and he knew that Lisa was ultimately the one to be blamed. 
“Where are you right now? I'm going to look for you guys.” Larry sounded displeased on the phone. 
Why is he in such a hurry? Puzzled, Caspian looked at the phone in his hand. 
“I'm at home’ "Where's that young lady? Is she by your side?" Larry pressed on. 
"Of course not. I don't know where is she off too either’ Caspian replied nonchalantly. 
Did Lisa run away? Larry grew apprehensive. 
"Follow that b*tch.
We need to investigate the truth.” Follow her how? Bemused, Caspian was waiting for Larry to elaborate.
###Chapter 3076
"I don't care how you're going to do it. 
You have to find that young lady,’ Larry's tone was stern and Caspian grew alert. 
Bang! It was the sound of the door being slammed shut. 
It was Lisa. Larry heard the commotion from the other end and suddenly a notion popped into his head. 
"Who were you on the phone with?" Lisa asked. 
"Just an ex-colleague who worked at Norton Corporation previously" Caspian stuttered in reply as he put his phone aside. 
Really? Why do ! have a hunch that something's not quite right though? The young lady edged close to Caspian and caressed his forehead in an attempt to appease the man. 
“Caspian, please take a rest if you're already tired." Then, she reached out to take the phone cast aside by Caspian. 
"Give it to me!" Caspian snatched his phone back abruptly. 
“What are you doing? Why are you touching my phone?" Why? Can't a girlfriend use a boyfriend's phone now?What's up with him? “Caspian, we're already in a relationship. 
You should have more faith in me; Lisa smiled as she tried to convince him. 
"Let me go! What are you guys planning to do to me?" Lisa struggled to free herself as she roared. 
What do we want?For you to apologize to Jessica, of course! Unfazed by her attempts to free herself, Caspian clutched on tightly to her shoulders, fearing that she would run away.
How dare she try to murder Jessica! “Caspian, I’m pregnant with your child. 
You'd better be more gentle with me!" Lisa demanded. 
My child? What a joke! She had been claiming that she was pregnant with his child ever since the beginning. 
Even if she was, did she really think that she could get away after everything that she had done to me? Slap! Caspian exerted a little force and the young lady slumped to the floor. 
Meanwhile, in the ward, Jessica looked at the woman sprawled on the floor with an impassive face as she burned with loathing fury. 
She's the one who killed my baby. 
"You... you killed my baby!” Jessica pointed right at Lisa's nose and wailed. 
"Jessica, you have to calm down. 
She's right here, and she's not going anywhere.” Joan stood by her side and patted her lightly on the back to coax Jessica. 
Joan had witnessed the roller-coaster of emotions that Jessica had been through ever since the latter had known about the tragic news. 
Hence, Joan vowed not to let Lisa off the hook easily for her horrendous act. 
"The baby is gone. 
You owe Jessica an explanation and an apology; Joan approached the young lady and said as a matter-of-factly.
Explanation? Apology? What is there to explain?Why should ! apologize? Lisa burst into a cackle at Joan's remarks. 
I did it all purposefully! I wish for her death! So what if I did? They don't have any incriminating evidence against me! "Why? Are you guys thinking of framing me? Keep on dreaming, you guys! Caspian, you're a heartless man. 
I let you pop my cherry, and now I am pregnant with your child, and yet this is how you treat me? What are you thinking to do to me? “You said that you would be responsible and that you were going to give the child a family. 
But now you're going against your very own words,’ Lisa wiped away her tears as she squealed at Caspian. 
It was true. 
Caspian did promise to take care of her, but it was on the premise that the woman was indeed pregnant with his child. 
However, it was clear as day that the child was not his, and yet the woman had the audacity of claiming otherwise. 
She just wanted to find a rich man so that she could be the trophy wife. 
if she had not known about the one million, would she still be adamant about being together with me? What a joke! "First, the child in your belly is not mine. 
Second, I did not have sex with you. 
You'd better stop slandering me.
Besides, I do not have any money on me right now as I've invested it all. 
So, there's no way that you're going to be able to scrap another cent off me. 
I advise that you'd better hurry up and go look for the child's biological father; Caspian said with a low voice.
###Chapter 3077
His expression was colder than ice and he stood with an impressively intimidating aura. 
The young woman on the floor was completely defeated. 
In the end, she couldn't compete against Jessica. 
She clenched her fists tightly with her dissatisfaction written all over her face. 
I'm not going to apologize to Jessica! I'd die before ever saying sorry to that woman. 
"Apologize!" Nancy called out loudly. 
"No! I didn't do anything wrong. 
Why should I apologize? It was all defending myself against all of you.” The young woman was starting to look a little frenzied. 
Joan stared at her curiously. 
She had seen this young lady plenty of times before, but she had really changed since the last time Joan saw her. 
Could she be sick? Joan wondered. 
The young lady's gaze darkened slowly and Joan suddenly said, "Is there something you want to say but can't tell us?" The atmosphere suddenly became stale. 
What's up with Joan? Why is she speaking up for this girl? Nancy thought to herself. 
She looked at Joan curiously. 
Larry and Dustin stared at her with deep frowns.
No one wanted to take this young woman's side at a time like this. 
The woman on the hospital bed was taken aback as well, but she felt no anger toward Joan's words. 
She knew Joan wasn't the type to speak or act before thinking. 
"Did you notice something?" Jessica asked Joan in a low voice. 
"Take it easy. 
I'll ask some more questions first” Joan whispered back as she patted Jessica's shoulder. 
The young lady continued sobbing with her head down, looking as if she was incredibly troubled. 
"Caspian, I'm sick. 
All I want is to give birth to my first child before I completely lose the ability to take care of him. 
I just wanted to be able to give my kid a good father that can raise him properly, she said in a low voice. 
At that moment, everyone froze. 
So she was sick, but with what? Joan helped her stand up and walk toward the sofa. 
"Calm down. 
Can you tell us what you're sick with?" "The doctor said I have a psychological disorder that will take a long time to properly treat. 
More importantly, this disorder is very likely to worsen over time. 
That's why I'm worried for my baby,’ the young lady replied emotionally as she clutched Joan's small hands.
That made things clear for everyone in the room. 
Caspian was staring at the girl who was explaining herself, completely torn over what to say. 
"That doesn't mean you should have hurt Jessica. 
Think about it: hurting Jessica means hurting yourself. 
If anything serious actually happened to her, you would have become a real criminal. 
What would happen to your kid then? Have you ever thought about that? Do you want your child growing up with the knowledge that his mother was a murderer?" Joan said. 
The young woman had thought about that a long time ago. 
She had already decided on disappearing the moment she handed the kid over to Caspian, and that she would never let her kid know that their mother had psychological issues. 
Jessica slowly started to look more and more sorrowful as time went on. 
She hated the young woman for killing her baby and that she stole away the man she loved. 
However, she couldn't help but feel sorry for the young lady who was willing to leave everything behind for her child's sake. 
In the end, that was the true meaning behind being a mother: giving everything up for your kid. 
Now that the cat was out of the bag, the young lady was sent to the psychiatric ward. 
“Larry. Joan. I want to ask you about something,’ Caspian said in a low voice. 
it has to be about that kid.
Joan looked up and at Caspian seriously. 
“I want to bring that kid to live with me; Caspian continued.
###Chapter 3078
After all, it was a matter of fate as well. 
That young woman may have been way over the line, but the child was completely innocent. 
She had been right. 
If she were to leave the child behind, no one would be bothered to look after them. 
Caspian had always been a kind person. 
Despite looking quite cruel on the surface, he had always been an extremely gentle guy. 
It showed when he first began dating Jessica and couldn't bear to see her getting hurt in any way. 
“You're sure of it?" Larry looked at his good friend as he sipped some tea. 
“What about Jessica?” Joan hurriedly asked. 
Caspian had already gotten over it. 
If Jessica was willing to forgive him, he would make sure to treasure her and never leave her side. 
However, if she couldn't forgive him, then he would spend the rest of his life taking care of the kid. 
He wasn't going to hold a grudge against anyone. 
“I'll leave it up to fate? Caspian replied mildly. 
Joan smirked at the sight of Caspian saying something so poetic. 
Joan also knew that Jessica was still caught up in her anger for now, which was why she didn't want to meet Caspian yet.
Once she got over her anger, she wouldn't hold it against Caspian anymore. 
Neither of them could let go of such a long, meaningful relationship. 
Joan got up and patted him on the shoulder with a meaningful smile before leaving. 
What's that all about? Did that smile mean something? Caspian wondered as he watched her leave. 
This guy probably hasn't managed to understand Jessica yet, huh? Larry walked toward his desk and started busying himself with work. 
What's going on? Why aren't either of them giving me ideas? Caspian looked at the man at the desk urgently. 
"If that's all, then you can leave for now" Larry said without even looking up. 
Oh no. That's it. 
Larry is really going to get rid of me. 
Well, Jessica is close to him after all. 
How could I expect him to forgive me after hurting someone he cares about? He definitely won't talk to me anytime soon. 
Caspian sighed and turned to leave. 
"I think you should renovate that house of yours. 
If not, Jessica might not be able to tell how much you actually love her; Larry purposely said. 
Caspian instantly cheered up.
Does he mean that Jessica has already forgiven me? He ran over and clutched onto Larry's arm as he pestered him. 
"What was that? Has she forgiven me? What did she say? When is she getting discharged? I'll go pick her up.’ This guy... 
did he actually forget where we are in his excitement? "We're still in the company, so watch yourself! Larry instantly reminded him. 
Caspian removed his hands from Larry's arm and continued to look over the moon. 
After he confirmed that Jessica had actually forgiven him, he ran outside in joy. 
Larry shook his head with a smile. 
Hopefully, this time, they can properly treasure each other, he thought to himself as he picked up the files on the table and started going through them. 
The young lady continued receiving treatment in the psychiatric ward. 
Once she heard that Caspian and Jessica were willing to take care of her kid, she was in tears with joy. 
If she wasn't so pitiful, Jessica would never have forgiven her. 
After all, Lisa had been sold to a brothel at a young age and had been treated no better than a slave by the women there. 
She was only treated as a human being after she fully grew up and could be dressed up to sell off to their clients.
###Chapter 3079
She had gone through an extremely hard time too. 
"Are you sure you want to do this?" Caspian clutched Jessica's small hands in his. 
He had never imagined that the woman in front of him would be kind enough to take care of someone else's child. 
What else is there to do? Am I supposed to watch that child become an orphan? Jessica sighed. 
She knew what orphans had to go through and couldn't bear actively allowing a child to become one if she could help it. 
Her parents were dead, making her an orphan. 
The luckiest thing that happened among it all was that she was already grown up when it happened, and of course, meeting Larry was practically a blessing. 
"Yes, I'm sure. 
We're going to take proper care of this child and make sure they grow up well,’ Jessica answered determinedly. 
Caspian was full of gratitude. 
Joan was touched by the scene in front of her. 
“Are you feeling better?" Joan asked as she entered a different ward. 
“Yes, My baby's been good the last few days, so I haven't been getting kicked." Lisa said happily as she gently caressed her belly.
The hospital that Jessica was in also had a specialized block where their psychiatric ward was located, so Lisa and her were actually in the same hospital. 
However, the two of them rarely met. 
"Joan, has Jessica really forgiven me? Did she really agree to take care of my baby?" the young lady asked carefully. 
Silly girl. Why would anyone lie about that? Besides, Jessica is still a very kind lady. 
She wouldn't hold a grudge over something like this. 
"Relax. Don't worry about anything else for now and just focus on taking care of yourself, okay? Caspian and Jessica made it clear that you're still going to be your kid's biological mother. 
They're just the godparents,” Joan answered gently. 
Lisa suddenly burst into tears. 
Who else will care for me as much as these people? “I'm so sorry. 
I've truly been a burden.” Joan felt sympathy for the young lady in tears in front of her. 
That was possibly one of the saddest things about being a woman: still wanting to give birth to the child in her belly despite not knowing who the father was, simply because she was a mother. 
She knew how Lisa was feeling and could truly relate to her. 
"Thank you guys, really. 
If it wasn't for all of you, I don't think I would be here today.’ A few months later, Lisa gave birth to her child, and Jessica and Caspian brought it home.
"What a cute baby, Look! What an adorable little face," Joan said gently as she played around with the kid. 
Larry smiled teasingly at the sight of her. 
"Should we have one too?" He pulled her into his embrace and whispered in her ear. 
Joan's face reddened immediately. 
"Get off me. What are you going on about?" she said as she pushed him away, embarrassed. 
Is she actually getting embarrassed? Larry hadn't seen Joan's embarrassed face for a long time. 
He kissed Joan on the cheek quickly before turning to leave. 
Caspian and Jessica smiled after seeing that. 
Soon enough, everything went back to normal and life kept going on more smoothly than before. 
Joan's memories hadn't fully recovered, but her relationship with Lucius and Delilah had become much closer. 
"Rest for a while, Joan. Don't wear yourself out too much: Delilah watched Joan worriedly, the latter still working in the garden. 
"Don't worry about me, Ms. Young. I'll be fine; Joan said as she trimmed the bushes. 
Delilah had already closed down the flower shop that the two of them had owned together before Joan lost her memory.
###Chapter 3080
Delilah had already become a much calmer person. 
She no longer had any big dreams of owning a business. 
Instead, she just wanted to plant in her own garden at home and enjoy the later years of her life with ease. 
"Ms. Young, don't you think I was quite the fool back then?” Joan suddenly asked Delilah. 
She was taken aback. 
What is Joan saying? She wasn't being a fool, she was simply too kind. 
"The day Larry proposed to me, Jake showed me those pictures. 
I was furious, but I went back to that *sshole's side like nothing happened,’ Joan said faux-angrily. 
That's all because of love, silly girl. 
Delilah chuckled and gently tapped Joan on the head. 
“You and Larry are a match made in heaven. 
Do you know how many people were envious of you two, or admired your relationship? Even now, although you've lost your memories, Larry still hasn't given up on you.” 
Delilah's tone was as casual as if she were talking about the weather, but her words ran deep. 
True. Larry hasn't given up on me, not then and not even now. 
Joan looked up and smiled at the sky.
She knew she would be well off with such a caring and reliable husband. 
"Joan!" All of a sudden, a bunch of people barged in. 
Joan was shocked. 
Who are they? What are they doing here? Joan looked at the people who suddenly barged in suspiciously, feeling anxious. 
Delilah immediately ran toward Joan and pulled her behind her back. 
“What are you all doing here?" Delilah asked, immediately on high alert. 
She knew who these people were. 
They were all workers from the nearest supermarket. 
Back when Joan had been working at the supermarket, they treated her horribly. 
All they did was boss her around all day and if it wasn't for Dustin intervening to chase them away, they might have done something even worse to Joan. 
There was no good reason for them to suddenly come here. 
"Ms. Young, we're all neighbors after all, so why are you being so standoffish? 
We just heard that Joan was back and wanted to see her since we haven't seen her for a long time,’ one of the younger women said with a hint of disdain on her face. 
Huh? So we used to know each other? Joan looked at the women in front of her as she tried to think back, but she couldn't recall any of them.
"We're busy. 
We have no time to waste chatting with you, so please leave. 
Maybe you can come back another day? Delilah said straightforwardly. 
She had been around for long enough that she could tell exactly what these people were up to. 
"Come on, Joan. Since we haven't met up in so long, we should go out and have a proper meal together. 
We can talk about our old times too." Talk about old times? What nonsense! 
They have nothing to talk about! Are they going to tell her about how they bullied her and treated her like an outcast? Delilah thought as she looked at them with disgust. 
"Joan has nothing to talk about with all of you. 
Leave. It's against the law for all of you to barge in on private property, Delilah said. 
Old b*tch. 
Why's she acting all high and mighty at this ripe old age? The women in front of them thought with clenched fists. 
All they wanted was for Joan to talk to Dustin and ask him to let them work at the supermarket again. 
If they couldn't go back, they would really be in trouble. 
"Don't be mad, Ms. Young.
I admit that we've done some bad things to you before, Joan, but you won't hold a grudge against people like us, tight? Besides, it's been so long since then. 
You've definitely forgotten about it, right?" that woman said on purpose.
###Chapter 3081
She had already heard about Joan losing her memory, which was why she was willing to run all the way over here to do something so embarrassing. 
They're not wrong.It's right to let things go. 
After all, I'm not the type of person to hold a grudge anyway. 
"Just tell us what you want now.As you can see, we are genuinely quite busy; Joan said. 
The women in front of them were clearly taken aback for a second before rearranging their features back to a normal expression. 
"How about you two finish up whatever you need to and meet us for dinner later? We'll wait for you." 
It seemed as though it would be hard for Joan to refuse such a request. 
After all, it was perfectly reasonable. 
Should I answer? Joan's gaze was full of confusion as she tugged Delilah's shirt lightly.She had no recollection of these people standing before her, let alone the details of whatever they said or did to her. 
"Tomorrow, alright? We'll go tomorrow.We're really too busy today, Delilah said loudly after glancing at Joan.That was enough for the others and they finally left. 
Right after that, Delilah told Joan everything that happened between them last time and warned her to be careful. 
"Joan, those people aren't as simple as they seem.You really should look out,"
Delilah said as she looked at Joan worriedly. 
Joan frowned. 
What exactly did they want from me back then? She placed the gardening tools down and took a sip of her tea as she fell into deep thought. 
Larry had recently been flooded with work, so Joan decided not to tell him about it. 
"Joan, should we tell Larry about this?" Delilah asked quietly. 
"I think we should keep it between us for now.He's so busy, I wouldn't want to distract him," Joan answered. 
As a woman, Delilah perfectly understood Joan's concerns and didn't force her. 
They attended the outing together. 
After the two of them arrived, the other women started treating their arrival a little too enthusiastically. 
"You're finally here! We've been waiting for you for a long time." 
"Yeah.We were starting to think you guys weren't coming" 
"We're glad you're here.Please take a seat." 
They started bustling about as if they were terrified of angering either Joan or Delilah. 
Delilah knew exactly why they were reacting the way they were.She held on tightly to Joan's small hand, unwilling to let go.
"What's going on, Ms.Young? Why are you holding onto Joan so tightly? She can't eat if you're grabbing her hand like that; one of the women said snarkily.Joan lightly patted Delilah's hand with a smile, indicating that it was okay for her to let go. 
The others started nagging and gossiping almost immediately. 
Ever since Joan had decided to attend the meal, she had already prepared herself for the relentless chatter. 
She was fine eating or drinking with them, but they could chat about anything for all Joan cared. 
As long as they didn't start gossiping about herself, she was perfectly content just enjoying her food. 
She was being cautious against these people after all. 
The other people couldn't help but stare helplessly at Joan, who was simply keeping her head low and focusing on her food. 
"What do we do? Why is she so quiet? Did she just come for the food?" one of the younger women at the entrance of the private room asked hurriedly. 
"Don't worry.Let's take it easy" another woman immediately replied. 
"Joan, are you done? If you're still hungry, we can order some more; that woman asked after entering the room. 
Since she offered, Joan wasn't going to turn her down. 
"Alright, then I'd like some ribs next. The salmon sounds good too."
###Chapter 3082
The people around her stared in shock, even Delilah. 
Still, Joan continued eating, completely unbothered by the stares. 
I couldn't care less about what they think. 
Besides, I'm not the one paying. 
Since they insisted on asking me out for a meal, then they shouldn't expect me to hold back.They're making it seem like I'm some stranger. 
"Sorry, am I ordering too much?" Joan asked in a quiet voice as she covered her small mouth with one hand. 
"Huh? No! No, please order whatever you want." 
"Yes, you really should eat up.You could stand to gain more weight," one of them said slightly mockingly. 
Okay. 
Since you all are being so ‘kind, I'll help myself. 
Joan continued scarfing down her food relaxedly. 
Delilah smirked at the scene unfolding in front of her.It seemed like Joan already had her own plan. 
She really shouldn't be underestimated. 
Only Joan could come up with such an idea, Delilah thought to herself.
Joan was still eating leisurely after a long time, causing the others to stare at her in confusion and disdain. 
How could she still be eating so much after so long? they wondered. 
"That little b*tch! She's doing it on purpose, isn't she? I know she is!" one of the women cursed outside the private room. 
"Shush! She can hear you!" 
Joan had been able to hear everything going on outside since the moment she arrived.She was simply acting oblivious. 
These women really are despicable, Joan thought with clenched fists. 
She had been on high alert this whole time. 
Who knew why they invited me over? They hadn't said a word about it since Joan arrived.She definitely wouldn't be fooled if they suddenly said they were simply looking to enjoy a meal and talk about their past. 
"Joan, you're finishing up, right? We're almost done too.Since we're both almost finished, maybe we can discuss something." 
Joan put her cutlery down and wiped her mouth before looking at the people in front of her mildly. 
"Okay, shoot." she said. 
"Here's the thing.Some of us want to go work in the supermarket again, but without Dustin's approval, we can't enter.Could you talk to him and ask him to let those of us back in?"
Some? What about everyone else? Joan looked at them suspiciously. 
"The rest of us would like to start their own businesses, but they don't have much money on hand, so they would like to borrow some from you" 
Joan finally realized what was going on. 
While working hard to start a business was a good idea, there was no good reason for them to borrow money from Joan. 
If it wasn't for them, Joan wouldn't have had to suffer all the scolding and beating they did. 
How could they be so ignorant and ask me for money after everything they did? Ridiculous. 
"I think you should discuss with Dustin.After all, I don't work here, so I can't do anything; Joan answered. 
As if I would let you push all the blame onto me. 
"You're close to Dustin, aren't you? We know that if you speak up for us, he'll be perfectly fine with it"one of the women hurriedly cut in.Why the hell should I speak up for you guys? Are they actually asking me to manipulate Dustin and Larry? 
"Sorry.I'm not the boss of these matters.You should go straight to Dustin," Joan said as she stood up and prepared to leave. 
"Hey, you can't leave! Don't even think of going out."
###Chapter 3083
"Come on now, Joan.Dustin is your friend and Larry is your fiancé! You have money and connections now.Why wouldn't you help us?" 
Joan was incredibly annoyed.She had never met such thick-skinned people.She bit her bottom lip hard, clearly frustrated.She may have lost her memory, but she could already guess that she had been forced to help these thick- skinned strangers more than once. 
Joan glared at them. 
If looks could kill, they would be lying on the floor dead by now. 
Ungrateful, greedy scumbags. 
How dare they try to lie to me? The flames of anger raging in her heart grew with that thought. 
"Don't hold me back.You better let me out."She stared coldly at the people in front of her. 
"Move! I'm leaving" 
Her tone should be enough to let this person know how angry she was, right? Move? As if The woman blocking the door thought. 
‘if die before letting anyone step out of this door! Joan finally couldn't hold back and shoved the woman blocking the door away, quickly walking out.They had expected her to put up a fight, after all. 
Suddenly, an extremely ugly woman rushed out from the private room and they heard a loud Bang! A chilling scream pierced through the air.Everyone was taken aback. 
What just happened? Joan looked at the woman in shock.
Delilah instantly figured out their master plan. 
She picked up Joan's hand and started to leave in a rush. 
"Block them! Don't let them escape!" 
Soon enough, a few men appeared and surrounded the two of them, keeping them from escaping. 
Joan was still shocked and confused, but Delilah was more than aware of their trick. 
They were so desperate, they were willing to do anything! 
"What do you think you're doing?" Joan asked the people in front of her. 
"What do you think we're doing? Joan, you just murdered someone!" one of the young women suddenly said. 
What? When did I murder anybody? She jumped down on her own! I didn't even touch her! Did I just fall for their tricks again? 
"I didn't!" 
The women scoffed under their breath at Joan's ions. 
They had planned this carefully enough that they knew Joan wouldn't be able to get out without giving them what they wanted. 
The cops arrived soon enough. 
"Arrest both of them!"
With a simple command, Joan and Delilah were brought back to the police station in handcuffs. What do I do? Joan frowned, looking frustrated. 
She should have known better than to let those women even think of doing such a thing. 
"It's okay, let's not worry too much.Larry will help us once he finds out; Delilah hurriedly tried to comfort Joan and patted her shoulder. 
How can I not worry at this point? "Joan, good luck getting out this time since you actually murdered someone,"the young woman next to her said snarkily. 
"Why are you doing this to me? I didn't do anything to any of you, so why are you trying to frame me? Why do you hate me so much?" 
Hmph! Why do we hate you? As if it's just one reason! If it wasn't for you, Dustin wouldn't have kicked us out! We wouldn't have been stuck at home to the mockery of other women in town and our in-laws’ disdain. 
It was all because of you! Delilah had heard of their situations before, but karma always came back to bite people. 
They got fired and chased away because of their own attitude problems after all. 
"How shameless.How can you try to push the blame onto others even though you all did this to yourselves?" 
Delilah muttered under her breath. 
Joan immediately turned around and looked at Delilah, feeling nervous.
###Chapter 3084
Does Delilah know something? 
"Don't worry.Justice is on our side.You didn't hurt anyone, so nothing will happen to you.Just stay calm.Larry will definitely get us out of here," Delilah told Joan. 
Sadly, Larry was already overseas. 
"Give it up already.Larry's not even in the country.How is he going to save you now?" the young woman next to them taunted. 
Larry's out of the country? When did that happen? Joan's gaze clouded over with hesitation.She didn't know what to do. 
Without Larry, what other solution do I have?Who's going to come to save me? Oh no, Lucius is going to be so worried when he gets home and Delilah's not there! 
"Sir! Sir, can you please hear me out? Please let her leave.She didn't do anything.Keep me here for as long as you need, but please let her go," Joan said hurriedly as she pointed at Delilah. 
The policemen didn't believe her one bit. 
"Don't listen to her, sirs.They're a team," another woman piped up snidely. 
Larry was in front of the window with his phone in his hand, waiting anxiously for Joan to pick up. 
Where did she go off to again? Why isn't she picking up? He clutched his phone tightly as his gaze steeled.She's not in trouble, is she? Larry hung up and immediately called Caspian.
"Joan? She hasn't been in the office the whole day! Caspian answered evenly.He was definitely telling the truth, which meant that Joan really was somewhere else. 
"Go look for her.Don't let anything happen to her, okay? I've been calling her since before my flight took off, but she hasn't picked up and I've already landed," Larry said urgently. 
"Okay, will do.Don't stress out.I'll go find her right now and make sure she's alright;’ Caspian said as he rushed out with his jacket. 
"Grandma! I'm home!" 
Lucius called out the minute he ran into the living room, but the house remained so silent one could hear a pin drop. 
What's going on? Lucius looked around, feeling uneasy.He continued calling out for Delilah but no one responded. 
Could she be in the garden? No, that's not right.She should be back by now. 
With that, Lucius tossed his backpack down and ran out the door. 
Suddenly, Caspian rushed in looking completely out of breath. 
"Lucius, where's your grandma?" he asked anxiously as he looked around. 
"She's gone! I haven't seen her since I got back.She's not in the garden either; Lucius replied shakily.It seemed like Delilah and Joan had gone missing together.Caspian thumped himself on the head. 
Sh*t, how am I going to tell Larry about this? His phone rang. 
It was Jessica on the other end.
"Calm down first.I heard that someone invited Joan and Delilah out for a meal? Jessica said mildly. invite Joan for a meal? Caspian scratched the back of his head, extremely suspicious. 
Joan was an extremely kind person, and she had plenty of friends. 
It was hard to narrow down exactly who suddenly wanted to treat her to a meal. 
Wait, if they treated her to a meal, it's definitely someone who knows her. 
But if she still isn't back and isn’t even picking up her phone, then something must have happened. 
That means whoever treated her to the meal must not have good intentions! Caspian knew he had to ask for outside help at this point. 
He hung up and walked toward the supermarket. 
Back when Joan lived here, she worked at the supermarket, so she met plenty of people who both liked and disliked her. 
If anyone knew about her, it would be those people.
###Chapter 3085
"What did you say? Joan's back?" 
An old woman queried with a trembling voice as she grabbed Caspian's arm tightly. 
"Yes.Have you seen her?" asked Caspian. 
"No! I didn't see her, she didn't come here" The woman answered. 
This woman was on good terms with Joan back then. She was honest and had never caused trouble. 
Even when something happened in the supermarket, she wouldn't take part in the incident and would only focus on her work. 
"Are you sure? Someone said he wanted to treat Joan to a meal. Caspian asked again and again, but he didn't elicit the answer he desired. Maybe, I should change another way to ask. 
"Is there any place for gathering around here?" 
"Yes. There's a restaurant nearby. We used to go there a lot: Great! Without another word, Caspian swiftly made his way out. When he reached the restaurant, he showed the photograph in his hand to the boss and lady boss and questioned them. Sigh! 
"Our restaurant will shut down soon," 
The boss sighed as he smoked. Shut down?Why? Caspian scanned the restaurant and became confused. 
That's odd.
The restaurant is in a great location, but why are there just a few customers here? He had a look of doubt on his face as he studied the bosses in front of him. 
His eyes were filled with suspicion at that time. 
"The person in the photograph killed someone in our restaurant and was sent to the police station, The lady boss said forthrightly. What?Joan killed someone?How is this possible? She doesn't even dare to touch a dog. How would she dare to murder someone?They must be mistaken. 
Caspian cleared his throat and wanted to ask them again. 
"You don't have to beat around the bush to ask about that person. Let me tell you. We know that woman. She is our frequent customer. I know they used to work together in the supermarket, and they always gathered here back then," The boss explained. 
Caspian was stunned at his words. He explained everything in detail. 
I think they were referring to Joan. 
But… how could Joan kill someone? What exactly happened? He gripped the corner of his shirt, trying hard to hold his emotions in check. 
After that, he dashed out of the restaurant. How dare those b*tches framed Joan! He immediately took out his phone and made a call. 
"Joan is in the police station" 
"What? Why is she in the police station? Let's talk later. I'll go over now" 
With that, Jessica hung up the phone and handed the child over to the nanny. Soon, Jessica, Nancy, Abelyn, and Dustin arrived at the police station.
"Joan, what exactly happened? What did you do?" Nancy asked worriedly as she held Joan's hand. 
What did I do?! didn't do anything! At that moment, Joan's eyes were filled with tears. 
What can I do?I'm being framed! Why should I shoulder the false accusation? Everything had happened too abruptly that Joan could not react in time. 
However, Delilah knew who did this, but never would she have thought that those people would be so cruel. 
"Ms.Young, please tell us what happened so we can solve the problem," Jessica said softly. 
"Okay, okay, I'll tell you everything," answered Delilah while holding tight onto the former's shoulders. 
Indeed, it was Joan's former colleagues who framed her! Bam! Upon hearing that, Caspian slammed his fist into the wall. 
Fresh blood streamed down his fingers from the impact.
###Chapter 3086
What should we do now?There were too many of them, and all of them were at the scene. 
They were good at faking evidence and telling lies, but Joan didn't have any evidence to prove her innocence. 
Abelyn bit her fingers because panic overwhelmed her chest. 
Those damned women were so cruel and heartless! But only the one who caused the trouble could end it. 
Maybe, they did it for some reason.I think we can meet them to find out. 
"Dustin, I think we can look for those women and have a talk with them," Abelyn whispered. 
Have a talk?How?About what?What else is there to talk about?They had framed Joan. 
They would probably avoid us! How would they be willing to talk with us? "Think about it. 
Since they framed Joan for the money, maybe they will be willing to vindicate her for the money too," 
Abelyn reminded him. 
Instantly, Dustin's eyes lit up.Her words make sense! 
"Hey, come here! Abelyn came up with an idea!" said Dustin. 
In a split second, the others hurried over to them. 
Looking at their nervous looks, Delilah was filled with anticipation.
After all, it was a matter of life and death.She knew that she and Joan would not be released so soon. 
"What are you guys trying to do?" 
Looking at Dustin and Abelyn, a few of them were terrified. 
Are you afraid?It's too late now! A hint of displeasure flashed across Dustin's eyes. 
"I heard that you were at the scene when Joan killed someone; said Abelyn as she glared at the women. 
Hearing that, the few of them panicked. 
Sh*t! We're screwed! Did they find out the truth? At that time, shock flickered over their features. 
Upon seeing that, Abelyn was convinced her guess was right. 
She continued, "I also heard you want to go back to work in the supermarket and want to borrow money from Joan.Is that true?" 
It seemed like Joan had told them everything. 
One of the older women looked at Dustin and Abelyn coldly while gritting her teeth. 
Joan, that damn b*tch asked someone for help!So what?She was doomed this time! 
"Yes.But Joan didn't want to lend us the money, and she even killed one of us!" said that woman, trying to hide the panic she was feeling. 
What a load of b*iishit! Both of them knew Joan better than anyone else. 
No matter how angry Joan was, she wouldn't kill anyone.
But unfortunately, the surveillance footage in the restaurant had been destroyed, so they couldn't prove her innocence. 
Clenching his fists, a cold glint flashed across Dustin's eyes. 
Damn b*tches! How dare they frame Joan. 
Why didn't they find me to get their jobs back at the supermarket?It must be because Joan was too kind! 
"You are the witnesses.You have to explain everything to the police.Let's go!" 
With that, Dustin pushed them to walk them to the police station. 
"No, I don't want to! We just came out of the police station.Why do we need to go there again? I don't want to! I want to go home!" 
A young woman shouted. 
"Yes! We just left the police station!" 
Suddenly, a commotion broke out amongst them. 
In order to gain their trust, Dustin called the police right in front of them. 
At that, the few of them glanced at each other. 
Although they felt extremely uneasy, they held each other's arms and walked toward the police station. 
"Sir, we have told you everything.Why do you want us to come here again? We are very tired" 
One of the women grumbled in a low voice.
"You're tired? You think we are not?" 
The policeman yelled furiously. 
Instantly, silence ensued in the police station. 
Everyone could feel the tension growing in the air.Yes, they put all the blame on Joan.
###Chapter 3087
These ruthless women seemed hell-bent on destroying 
Joan! 
But little did Dustin and Abelyn know that a few people in the hospital were doing something to help Joan. 
"Stop right there!" The voice of a man suddenly called out. A few people from afar immediately stopped in their tracks with anxious looks. 
"Where do you want to place the corpse?" asked Larry as he walked toward those women. 
When they turned around, they were shocked as they saw Larry closing in from afar. Isn't he abroad? 
Oh no! We're really doomed this time!Once Larry comesback, all our efforts will be in vain. 
"Larry, why are you back so abruptly?” 
“Oh, I heard that something happened to Joan, so I come back to help solve the problem,’ answered Larry indifferently. 
What perfect timing! A few feet away, a woman who was pushing a mortuary trolley rubbed her hands vigorously because she was very anxious upon seeing Larry. “Uh… It's getting late. You should hurry home and rest up.” 
She walked off after she spoke. 
"Hey, wait. Is this the person that Joan killed? Where do you want to place the corpse?" Larry smiled mischievously as he queried.
"Crematory... Yes, crematory. We are going to cremate her body!" 
Maybe the “corpse” was frightened when she heard the word "cremate", so her hand moved a little at that point. 
"Oh, I see. Let's go there together.” With that, Larry strode forward. 
No, no!This definitely can't happen.if he goes along with us, the person who was playing dead will really die. 
"You just returned to the country. Go home and take a rest; said the woman as she pushed Larry away. 
Slap! With a quick tug, Larry threw her to a corner. At that moment, he stared at the woman with a murderous look in his eyes. These assholes! Did they expect to get off without any consequences after they framed Joan?it's impossible! 
"It's okay. I'm not tired. Let's go together.” With that, Larry pushed the mortuary trolley toward the crematory. 
Creak! The door opened. 
Oh no! Larry, this evil man is pushing me to the crematory! The woman who was lying on the mortuary trolley was extremely anxious. She clenched her teeth and gripped the trolley tightly, and her expression was contorted. I'm not dead!Somebody, please save me! 
"Push the corpse into the cremation chamber,’ said Larry as he removed the white cloth on the corpse. 
"No, no, no! I'm not dead yet!" Right when Larry wanted to push the corpse toward the cremation chamber, that woman who played dead yelled loudly. Yo, so you are finally awake? 
"What on earth is happening? She's not dead?" Larry feigned ignorance.
"I'm not dead! I'm not dead! There's need to cremate!” 
The “corpse” clutched tightly at Larry's arms and shouted. 
Good. Everything's solved. 
“Alright, since you're still alive, let's go to the police station and explain everything.” 
Police station? Upon hearing that, the woman on the mortuary trolley lowered her head. How should I explain this?1 had been bribed to do all these things. 
Before she could respond, Larry carried her, left the crematory, and thrust her into his car. 
Soon, their car arrived at the entrance of the police station. 
“Alright, knock it off!" Just as Nancy was arguing with the policemen, Larry brought that "corpse" to the police station and appeared in front of them. Upon seeing them, silence ensued. 
"What on earth is happening? Aren't you dead?" Delilah asked doubtfully. 
"Tell the truth, or else..." said Larry as he pointed at the policeman who was standing beside them. His eyes were full of hints of threat. 
The “corpse” froze for a moment but swiftly regained her composure and told the police everything. She hoped that this could reduce the punishment. 
Finally, the truth was revealed. Joan and Delilah were freed from the prison immediately.
###Chapter 3088
At that moment, Joan's eyes were filled with hot tears. 
Larry immediately pulled her into his embrace and comforted her gently. 
"Joan, please forgive us.” 
"Joan, it's all our fault. We apologize and truly hope that you will forgive us" 
Forgive them?They framed me for killing someone, and now they still dare to ask for forgiveness?This is ridiculous! 
"I'll leave it to the police officers, said Joan. Then, she walked away and got into the car. They used to bully me back then. Now, I've lost my memory, and they still tried to frame me. Do I need to show them any mercy? 
Luckily, they have been arrested now, so they won't be able to do anything to me anymore. I think sometimes I should teach these people some lessons. Otherwise, they would think that I'm easy to be bullied! 
“Are you alright?” Larry queried in a gentle voice as he stroked Joan's hair. 
Joan leaned her head against his chest and nodded without saying anything. She felt that as long as Larry was around, she would be safe from any danger. 
Suddenly, she realized that she had grown even more dependent on this man. 
"Silly girl, if you can't recall the things that happened back then, you can ask Ms. Young. She knows better than anyone else about that,’ said Larry after he landed a kiss on her forehead.
Joan used to live together with Delilah. Of course, the latter knew a lot about her. 
The matter ended here. Soon after, all was calm and peaceful again. 
Joan and Larry were deeply in love with each other. 
Besides, Nancy and Jory, Dustin and Abelyn, and 
Caspian and Jessica were all living blissful lives too. 
This was the situation that Joan always wanted to see. 
However, Jake still couldn't let go of Joan. 
At Jake's office, Ted inquired, “Mr. Wilson, are you going to let go of Joan?" 
Let go?Why should I let go of her? At that thought, Jake clenched tightly onto the side of his shirt. There was a fierce look in his eyes. 
Yes, Joan and Larry are together now. But this doesn't mean Joan will marry him in the future! 
Hmph! t guess Larry doesn't know that his company is facing a crisis yet! A cold glint flashed across Jake's eyes. 
Turning around to glance at Ted, Jake inquired, "How are the preparations going?" 
"Everything's ready. We are waiting for your order” Ted answered confidently. 
Great! Jake narrowed his eyes in the direction of the window as though he was deep in thought.After a long while, Jake instructed Ted, "Tell them to put the plan in action.” Sooner or later, the war between us will break out. Larry, just wait and see!l think you too can't wait to know who the winner will be!
"Mr. Norton, something has happened!" Larry's assistant rushed into the office and yelled. 
"Larry, something has happened,” Caspian repeated. What else could have happened?What's the fuss? Without a word, Larry raised his head to shoot them a look and continued with his work. 
Upon seeing the former's response, the assistant and Caspian paced back and forth with a look of helplessness on their faces. 
"Larry, stop acting calm. The clothes... The clothes that we wanted to export were gone!" Caspian shouted. 
Upon hearing that, Larry dropped his pen. What happened?! thought the clothes were on the ship
###Chapter 3089
"No one was hurt, though,’ The assistant answered immediately. 
Right then, it dawned on Larry that someone was behind everything that happened as he stood at the window, infuriated. Who is it this time! 
Bang! Larryslammed his fist into the wall beside him,engulfed in a dark aura. 
It sent chills down the spines of the people present, rendering them speechless as they held their heads low, quietly awaiting his next order. 
"Do we have backups left?" Larry asked. 
“We do, but it's not enough. On top of that, we're out of time. They urgently needed the clothes,’ the assistant reported quietly with a flash of fear in her eyes. 
"Continue the production! Don't stop no matter what! 
And, don't let anyone know about the ship sinking. I'll go give them an explanation,’ Larry ordered as he picked up his coat and headed out. 
With that, Caspian and the assistant gave each other a firm nod and left the office as well. 
As expected, Larry met some violent backlash. Joan was there and saw how he needed to lower himself down to defuse the situation. It pained her inside to see 
Larry being wronged for the first time in his life. The creases on Larry's forehead were exceptionally noticeable. He was clearly unhappy as well.
So, after taking in all the complaints and scolding, Larry ended the call and came into the living room to sit on the sofa, looking exhausted, to say the least. He figured that Jake was the one behind the incident. 
He sighed as a sense of exasperation flashed before his eyes. 
He knew how Jake felt about Joan, but he thought that Jake should really give up at this point and let her be happy. 
After some moments of hesitation, Larry picked up his phone and dialed a number. 
"Della, can I ask you for a favor?” 
Favor? Della's gaze darkened. It was not often that Larry would personally ask for help, so it was clear that he was in some serious trouble. 
"Sure. As long as it's within my power, I'll do all I can,’ 
Della answered confidently. 
Della found out soon after about what happened and presented her willingness to help. 
Larry's business partner was overseas, and Della's company was abroad as well. Hence, to ask them for some time, Larry could only ask Della for help, organizing a banquet and inviting some of the most prominent people in the industry. 
To that, Della did not show any opposition. It's just a banquet! Thus, she picked up her phone, immediately going to work on Larry's request. 
However, it did not take too long before Jake found out about it.
"What did you say? Della is organizing a banquet? When is that?" He asked Ted, astonished. 
"I just found out as well. Mr. Wilson, it seems like a lot of prominent people were invited,’ Ted added. Why did she do this all of a sudden? Jake was extremely skeptical. Wait... She's helping Larry! 
The news spread like wildfire and got everyone, regardless of where they were from, excited. After all, it was Clear that only esteemed people got invitations to the banquet. 
Dammit Della! So you're siding with Larry! Jake was scratching his head nonstop with a scornful expression on his face, obliviously flustered. 
"Mr. Wilson, we received an invitation as well. Do we go?" Ted looked at him anxiously. 
Of course! Why wouldn't I? Jake decided. I'm not going there for the banquet, though. 
"We'll go!" Jake exclaimed as he walked out. 
Ted was surprised to see the determination Jake had, as the setup was clear as day. Why is Mr. Wilson still going? 
"Mr. Landon, shouldn't you be thinking about your company, about your business right now? Why concern yourself about some banquet?” Jake arrived overseas and met Larry's business partner, staring at him intently and anxiously. 
"It's Ms. Duff's banquet we're talking about here. She even invited me personally, letting me know she was eager to see me’
###Chapter 3090
Of course she’s eager to see you! Jake was rubbing palms together restlessly, clearly feeling uneasy about the situation. "Mr. Landon, from one man to another, I think careers should always come first... " 
Marcus Sat there, going through some documents as 
Jake went about his blabbering. At first, Marcus was courteous towards Jake. But as time went on, he got increasingly annoyed, to a point where he tossed his documents onto the table in front of him, expressing his displeasure all over his face. 
"Mr. Wilson, if you have nothing else to say, I think you should leave now. Ms. Duff invited you too, right? Don't you need to get ready?" Marcus asked. 
Get ready? I'm not even going! 
"I don't have the time for that, Mr. Landon. As I said, my work comes first,’ Jake answered deliberately. 
"Then why are you here? Your work is back in your home country, right?" Marcus responded, rendering Jake speechless. 
Looks like he has no intention of siding with me.. With that, Jake let out a quiet sigh, upset written all over his face. He knew Marcus would reject him if he came to him looking to work together. Luckily, I did something about the ship. 
In the end, Marcus took a look and his watch, then at 
Jake, before leaving with his coat in hand. 
Jake was rather disappointed to see the man before him disappearing from his sight.
"Mr. Wilson, what should we do now?" 
What can we do? Let's just attend that banquet. 
"To the banquet!" Jake said as he walked out. 
Because of Della's cooperation, Larry was able to complete his task within the shortest time frame. 
Caspian and Larry's assistant was gobsmacked to see the piles of clothing in front of them. They never expected the workers in the factory to be able to produce so many clothes in such a short amount of time. 
“Alright now, stop gawking! I hired a lot of workers and doubled their pay to make this possible" Larry explained, seeing that the two were dumbfounded. 
Immediately, the two of them understood everything. As long as the job is done and the company’s reputation is preserved, anything goes! 
This time, Larry was smart about how he delivered the products. He did not ship them out like how he did. 
Instead, he chose a more elaborate method. Hence, when Jake realized what was going on, the clothes had already arrived at their destination. 
Bang! Jake slammed his fist onto a vase in the office, infuriated. 
Ted was beside him, watching him rage on but dared not make a sound. 
"Damn you, Larry Norton!" Jake roared towards the window. 
Ah-choo!
Back in the country, Larry sneezed all of a sudden. 
"Who's thinking about me?" He said softly, smiling. 
I wonder. "It's not Della, right?" Joan smirked disdainfully. Joan could not attend Della's banquet with Larry because she was rather busy recently. 
Oh? Is she jealous right now? With that in mind, Larry slowly approached her and wrapped his arms around her. "Are you jealous?" He asked with a smug look on his face. 
No way! Joan looked the other way and stayed quiet. 
Then, Larry gave her a peck on the cheek. He was happy because he loved seeing Joan's expression when she was jealous. It was adorable. 
“Alright now. We should be thanking Della. She really got me out of a rough spot,’ Larry continued. 
Yeah... Who is she anyway? Joan was curious since Della was able to gain so much traction in so little time. On top of that, she was gorgeous and outstanding in terms of her academics. Men naturally flocked towards her, and Joan could not tell whether Larry was still one of those men. 
So, she gave him a stare before turning around, wanting to leave. 
"Where are you going? Don't go. Let me hug you longer’ 
Larry spoke into Joan's ear in a soft tone, breathing at it. 
After spending some sweet time with each other, Joan finally decided to bring up some important matters with Larry. "Hey, should we bring Lucius over?"
###Chapter 3091
Larry was immediately stunned. 
We're having such a nice time alone right now. 
Why bring him over? He looked at the woman in front of him, confused. 
"Lucius is growing up.I want to let him get a better education." 
Joan lowered her head and spoke in a soft tone. 
Right then, Larry understood where she was coming from, so he hesitated.He was worried that Lucius might not be willing to come even if they agreed to bring him over.The child had been living with Delilah for a long time now. 
Hence, it would be hard to separate the two. 
The other option they had would be to bring Delilah over as well. 
It was doable, but Larry knew full well that Delilah would most certainly not leave the village. 
She lived there for the majority of her life, and the garden needed tending to, so there was no way she would stay in the city. 
"You should stop thinking too much about this.Ms.Young and Lucius are never going to come; Larry worded it very bluntly.In fact, Joan herself knew this as well, but she still wanted to try.It was for the child, after all. 
"Coincidentally, the weekend starts tomorrow.Let me go ask them.With that, Larry decided to let her be while he yawned and headed for bed.
On the other hand, in a psychiatric ward somewhere, Jessica held a child in her arms and was sitting in front of a young lady with Caspian beside him. 
A heartwarming sight to behold. 
"Here, take a look.It's your son." 
Jessica handed the kid over to the young lady. 
"How have you been? Feeling better?" Caspian asked gently. 
They were having a great time. 
Back at the house, Lucius was throwing a fit. 
"No! I'm not going! I want to stay with Grandma!" 
The roar shocked Joan and gave her the instant realization about the child's wishes, making her give up on the notion. 
Joan knew that Lucius and Delilah's bond was strong, but she could not stop thinking about Lucius’ future as he had to grow up eventually. 
The energy in Joan's eyes slowly faded, and she was feeling down. 
"Lucius, you should go" 
Delilah suddenly appeared and spoke monotonously. 
Truth be told, she was reluctant to see the child go. 
However, she wanted what was best for him.
Delilah knew that being with Joan would allow Lucius to learn a lot more. 
"But Grandma! I don't want to! I want to be with you!" 
The child dived into Delilah's embrace. 
At that moment, Joan was moved by the scene in front of her. 
"Ms.Young, why don't you come with us as well? We can move all the flowers in the garden over." 
Joan gave Delilah a light pat on the shoulder. 
Delilah raised her head, relieved to see that Joan could accept the child and her even though she had not recovered all her memories. 
Delilah felt immeasurably proud. 
"Count me out of it.I'm too old for that.It's too much of a hassle, so just take Lucius," she said as she was about to leave. 
"No! If Grandma stays, then I stay!" 
The kid shouted and ran away. 
Joan was astonished. 
She had never seen Lucius as angry as he was. 
"Ms.Young, just come with us.I know you're worried about the flowers.We can move them all there! Trust me.Look at Lucius right now.If you don't come along, there's no way he'd go.Please? For Lucius?"
Joan was swinging Delilah’s arm while she spoke. 
Delilah’s gaze narrowed and shifted towards the window. 
Flashes of hesitation glinted within her eyes. 
She obliviously wanted Lucius to have the brightest future possible. 
Having said that, she lived there for more than just a few decades, so it was hard to say goodbye to it. 
"How about this? We can move back after Lucius grows up and becomes independent.The house will still be yours, don't worry" 
Joan proposed. 
Alright then. 
This is all for the child.
###Chapter 3092
In the end, Delilah finally straightened up and gave Joan a firm nod. 
Larry was surprised to hear that Joan was able to convince Delilah to move. 
He knew how difficult it was to persuade someone like Delilah, who had firm principles. 
Joan must have put in a lot of effort to make this work. 
Larry stared at the woman before him and smiled. 
"What are you laughing about?" 
Joan lightly pounded Larry's back. 
"You're not bad! You actually convinced Ms.Young to move! That's incredible!" Larry replied. 
Indeed. 
To Joan, nothing was impossible for her as long she wanted to do it. 
Thus, she responded by patting her chest, proud of herself. 
Larry gave her a playful knock on her head, looking at her endearingly. 
Joan had not changed one bit, still kind and adorable. 
The only thing different between now and the past was that she lost part of her memories. 
Larry sighed softly when he thought about that, and a sense of disappointment flashed before his eyes.
Even though they had encountered countless situations, as well as some unpleasant memories, those were the memories that allowed them to continue holding each other's hand and not let go. 
"What's wrong?" Joan appeared before him. 
"Oh, it's nothing. Quickly now, pack up!" 
Larry instantly shifted the topic away. 
Nothing? Joan watched as Larry got busy, puzzled.He looked like he had a lot on his mind a second ago, though. 
So men lie about their feelings too? Especially men like him for sure. 
Joan smoothed out her clothes and got to work as well. 
Not long after, Delilah and Lucius moved into Larry's villa, looking like a family once again. 
Joan looked at them as her lips unknowingly curled into a grin.She patted Lucius on the shoulder and reminded him that he needed to study diligently from then onward. 
"Don't worry, Mom.I won't let you down" 
Lucius responded confidently. 
Bam! The door was suddenly kicked open and silence ensued. 
What's going on? Larry rushed over when he heard the loud bang. 
"Joan Watts.What exactly is your problem!" 
It was Gabriella.
Why is she here ail of a sudden? Delilah frowned at the sight of that woman and pulled Joan behind her by force, trying to protect her "What are you doing here?" 
Larry asked as soon as he got there, clearly unhappy to see her. 
"I'm here for your wife, of course! Joan Watts! Come out right now!" Gabriella roared. 
She looked furious. 
"Don't go" 
Delilah ordered Joan. 
"It's fine, Ms. Young. Don't worry. I'll just take a peek and be back right away; Joan said while she walked away. Even though Gabriella seemed fierce, Joan knew full well that she was not a bad person. 
No matter how she was in the past, the current Gabriella was surely not bad. 
"What are you going on about? What's wrong? What happened?" 
Joan came out and asked as approached Gabriella. 
You bi***! How long was it since you last called me! Didn't we talk about starting an eatery? Where is it? "What's your deal right now? Are you… eating?" 
Gabriella looked at the strawberry in Joan's hand, asking deliberately. 
"Oh.Yeah.Come, Ms.Ward, have some.They're delicious." 
Joan reached out her hand and passed all the remaining strawberries she had to Gabriella.
An instant later, Gabriella was munching away at the strawberries like she had been starving, without stopping. 
It was like she had forgotten all about the purpose of her visit. 
Eventually, she finished everything in her hands. 
She touched her belly and presented a satisfied expression. 
Nevertheless, right when she was about to praise the strawberries, Gabriella suddenly recalled something. 
Thus, she immediately tidied up her appearance and went back into a serious expression.
###Chapter 3093
"Don't you assume that a few pieces of strawberries are enough for me to forgive you!" Gabriella exclaimed. 
Forgive me? For what? What did I do? Joan looked at Gabriella, puzzled by her statement, looking fairly confused. 
"How wonderful! You actually forgot all about it, huh! So this is your true nature, Ms.Watts. How dare you forget the promise we made together! Weren't you the one that said you wanted to start an eatery? Weren't you the one that said you'd make amazing food for me?" 
Gabriella pointed her finger straight at Joan's nose. 
Joan was dumbfounded. 
Eatery? You're the one that said you wanted to do it, though. 
And about making food for you? You were the one that kept pestering me about it! You cheeky woman! You'll say anything to get what you want, huh? "I don't care! You promised to start up an eatery with me, Joan!" 
Gabriella suddenly went down and sat on the floor, exactly like how a kid would. 
Did I owe her something in my past life? Why does she always have to make me suffer? Joan dusted off her palms, turned around, and left the scene. 
Now that everyone knew why Gabriella was here, they relaxed and dropped their guard. 
It was clear to them that Gabriella was in the same situation as Joan.
They both lost their memories. 
The current situation was better than how Gabriella used to always think about how to set Joan up. 
Larry raised his head and looked to the sky as he felt relieved. 
"What are you doing?" 
Gabriella slapped his shoulders forcefully as she exclaimed. 
"It's nothing; Larry answered calmly. 
"Umm...Are you close with Jake Wilson?" 
She added out of the blue. 
What? Jake? Why did she ask something like this out of nowhere? Larry turned towards Gabriella and saw that her cheeks were bright red. 
is she embarrassed? Don't tell me... 
She's in love with Jake? Larry proceeded to inspect the person in front of him curiously, perplexed about her choice in men. 
"Gabriella, what's wrong with you? Do you like Jake?" Larry asked while staring intently at her. 
Huh? 
"What's wrong with that?" 
Why are you so surprised? You can love Joan, but I can't love Jake? How is that fair? "How could you like...
Wait. 
No... 
You like Jake, right? If you like him, pursue him! Show him your love!" 
Larry continued. 
Never would he have thought that Gabriella would fall in love with Jake after she lost her memories. 
Is this considered fate? Larry was unconcerned as long as it was not something twisted. 
"Tell me! What would you like to do?" 
Larry gave her a pat on the back. 
"I...I want to ask him out for a meal." 
Gabriella lowered her head and spoke in a shy tone. 
What's going on here? Why is she suddenly so shy? This is weird! "Hey, can you act like you normally do? I've never actually seen you this shy before, and it's creeping me out? Larry commented. 
"Hey! I'm a shy girl, you know!" Gabriella said coquettishly. 
Now, that's a lie. 
Larry was reminded of the time before he married Joan. 
Gabriella would always appear at the company and look for him.He shot a look at her, amused at what was going on.
Truth be told, this was good for Larry. 
it'd be too late if she ever regains her memories. 
By then, she wouldn't bother me anymore. 
"Larry, what are you plotting in your head now?" 
Gabriella tightened her grip on his arm. 
"Nothing, of course! What would I be plotting for?’ Larry said. 
"Alright.You should get on with your business." 
And he left. 
Regarding the eatery, Joan and Gabriella went through a thorough discussion and decided to tone down the scale as Joan still had to take care of the flowers with Delilah. 
"Why do you still care about those flowers, though? Isn't it better to make some more dishes and make more money?’ Gabriella mumbled while she did some work.
###Chapter 3094
You're from a wealthy family! You don't even need the money. 
Why are you suddenly so engrossed in making them? Joan shook her head and let out a sigh. 
"Joan, please don't laugh at me for doing this." 
Gabriella's tone suddenly changed. 
Huh? What's there to laugh about? Her wanting to make money with her own abilities? "What are you talking about. 
Why would I ever do that?" 
"Actually, I'm doing this so that I can prove to my father that, regardless of me losing my memories or having a bad constitution, I can still be independent, that I can still make a living with my own two hands." 
Gabriella was being really serious about it.Her statement gave Joan so much clarity as she, slowly but surely, worked towards fulfilling her promise with Gabriella. 
Not long after. 
"Yo! You guys actually started up an eatery!" 
Jessica said as she approached with a nosy expression. 
"Eat whatever you want! Everything's half price for you!" 
Gabriella pointed towards the food that Joan made.
"Dig in!" 
Only half price? Seriously? We're friends! "Let's not talk about money. 
It's going to ruin our friendship, Nancy said, making a satisfied expression as she chewed on the food. 
"No way! I'm telling you right now.Take note of how much you eat tonight, everything's half price.I'm not making it free! Joan made these with her blood, sweat, and tears! You guys have to pay at least something;Gabriella remarked, her face slightly blushed. 
Everyone there instantly burst out in laughter. 
The news about Joan starting up an eatery spread rather quickly. 
Everyone in the neighborhood knew about it, including Jake, who naturally had to come and express some form of congratulation. 
"Hey, he's here." 
Gabriella grabbed tightly onto the edge of Joan's shirt, excited to see him. 
Huh? Who's here? Joan raised her head and saw the man not far away, approaching slowly with a blank expression. 
It was Jake. 
Joan was baffled that Gabriella would fall for a jerk like him, thinking that he was just an ordinary man and that there were men out there that looked way more attractive than him, Larry being one of them. 
Joan shook her head and had no other reactions nor response. 
"Joan, congratulations."
Jake went straight towards her and placed the bouquet he had on a table to the side. 
Gabriella got down and took a whiff at the flower. 
"It smells amazing!" 
She smiled as she stared at Jake.However, Jake merely smiled and continued to ignore her. 
His attention was on Joan. 
"Um...Are you tired? Maybe you should rest for a bit..." 
"Joan's not tired.She's actually quite busy; Gabriella interrupted. 
"She's not free to talk right now.If you want, we can talk instead..." 
She made her intentions clear as day. 
The people there that heard her were all gobsmacked. 
Bold move! But isn't it a little too obvious? Nancy took off her sunglasses and watched tentatively as the situation unfolded before her. 
When Jake went to the washroom, Nancy went ahead and patted Gabriella's shoulder. 
"Hey, have you fallen for him?" 
As soon as she finished her Gabriella's face was flushed to the brim. 
And Nancy understood all she needed to know. 
Oh! She's even embarrassed about it! So, she took Gabriella by the hand and walked straight ahead.
"Hey.Our beloved Gabriella is interested in that man called Jake Wilson.Give me some ideas" 
Nancy told them intentionally. 
She was not doing it for Gabriella, though, as it was more for Joan. 
Nancy figured that if Jake and Gabriella got together, there would be no more issues between Joan and Larry. 
Having said that, there was an unknown variable in Jake, as Nancy had no idea what was going on in his head. 
Everyone present started looking at each other, feeling helpless as they were not acquainted with Jake, nor did they understand Gabriella enough to help her with matchmaking. 
Furthermore, Jake had always been in charge of his own life, so Gabriella was, most likely, not the type of woman he would like.
###Chapter 3095
"I think it's better if we let the two of them work things out; Jessica commented quietly, and everyone agreed. 
But it actually made things more difficult for Gabriella. 
After all, her interaction with Jake was minimal, so she did not know his likes and dislikes, nor did she understand his personality and temper. 
She knew nothing about him, so it was relatively hard for her to initiate. 
Looking at Gabriella’s awkward expression, a sense of nosiness flashed before Joan's eyes. 
"Alright now! Let's tell her about Jake Wilson and leave the rest to herself’ Joan chimed in, and the others agreed. 
"What are you guys doing?" Jake asked after coming back from the washroom. 
With that, the gathering immediately dispersed. 
"It's nothing" Joan replied nonchalantly. 
Nothing? You guys were obviously discussing something! So, you're doing things behind my back? Having said that, Jake figured that it was normal since he was merely an acquaintance. So, it was difficult to strike up any conversation. 
He did, however, notice that Gabriella was quite different compared to how she was in the past. 
"Jake, here you go. Gabriella approached and offered him a glass of juice.
"Are you okay? You didn't look so well just now." 
She was concerned. 
"I'm fine;* Jake answered, acting as if nothing happened. 
Truth be told, he was, in fact, not feeling well. 
He had some problems with his stomach in the past, so if he did not eat anything in the morning, his stomach would start acting up by noon. 
That was why he was in the washroom for so long, to hide that pitiful side of him. 
"Are you sure? Maybe you should get it checked out?" 
Jake shook his head and left. 
Time flew by, and their carefree day was quickly coming to an end. 
Everyone had a lot of fun, even though Jake's appearance made things a bit awkward. 
Nonetheless, no one showed any displeasure towards him as he was Joan's savior, after all. 
Before they dispersed, Gabriella was still feeling reluctant and disappointed. 
It was because Jake said nothing to her before he left. 
"Oh, stop it.It's just a goodbye.You don't have to act like this." 
Joan patted Gabriella's arm, slightly annoyed. 
Gabriella had that expression on her for quite a long time, and that made Joan unhappy.
You're not in a teen romance, you know. 
Why be so melodramatic? After a brief conversation, Gabriella left. 
Delilah watched her leave, still mindful of her. 
In her eyes, the current Gabriella was the most innocent she would ever be. 
She had no ill-intent towards others, nor did she have any sinister plots. 
All she wanted was pure and innocent love and a moderately sized business. 
Compared to how she was before, the changes were rather drastic, which did give Larry some sense of relief. 
Truth be told, Larry would be extremely anxious if he saw Gabriella and Joan together back then. 
But things were different now, so he was no longer concerned. 
"Hey.Umm...How do we split the profit?" 
Gabriella asked on the phone. 
Under normal circumstances, Joan would get a larger cut of the profit since she made the food, which meant that she contributed more. 
But, Joan was not concerned about money. 
"We split it in half?" 
Joan replied immediately.
Huh? Half? Joan's answer instantly got Gabriella on cloud nine, but she quickly realized how dishonest it was for her. 
"Umm...Aren't you losing out if we do that?" She asked softly.
###Chapter 3096
"Why would I be? Even though I was busy in the kitchen, you were also busy at the front desk" 
It somehow made sense, so Gabriella ran her hand through her hair and smiled. 
"Thank you, Joan!" 
Larry, however, had a dark expression on his face as he listened to what was going on. He was not so much concerned about the distribution of profit. 
The thing he hated was to hear that his beloved Joan had to work tirelessly in the kitchen. 
They could have hired some people to man the kitchen and sat in front like how owners usually do. 
"What's the matter?" 
Joan came to sit beside him. 
"Aren't you guys going to hire some staffs; Larry asked. 
What staffs? We just started, so it's only natural that we take things slow. 
"Don't worry.I'll discuss this with Gabriella when business stabilizes after a while’ Joan answered. 
What's there to discuss? Does it even matter if the business is not making a profit? You guys don't need the money. 
Everything was Gabriella's idea, to begin with. 
Nonetheless, Joan knew what this eatery meant to Gabriella, so they were determined to push through.
"Mom!" 
Lucius ran in before Larry could say anything else. 
The child showed an ample amount of enthusiasm. 
"Mom, the class wants to organize a gathering." 
Lucius snugged himself under Joan's arm. 
Joan immediately thought of using the eatery as the location, and the two went on to talk about everything involved, completely forgetting that Larry was still there. 
Soon enough, Lucius gathered all his classmates together and headed to Joan's eatery. 
The gathering was extremely lively as everyone was having fun, even Joan and Gabriella, up until something happened. 
"Lucius, I think I've seen your mom before." 
A boy came to Lucius and whispered into his ear. 
What is he talking about? Lucius was puzzled as there were a lot of opportunities for them to see Joan since she attended most of the family-involved school activities. 
"I remember now.I saw her in the newspaper once!" 
The boy shouted all of a sudden and silenced the whole eatery. 
Joan had been the victim of several setups back then, so it was only natural for her to appear in newspapers.
"Your mother was a homewrecker, right?" 
He went on exclaiming and made the scene extremely awkward. 
Even Gabriella, who was on the side, was astonished. 
When was Joan someone's mistress? She was suspicious. 
Joan would never do something like that! There must've been a misunderstanding! With that in mind, Gabriella glared at the kids in front of her. 
She was upset. 
These brats! All they know how to do is spew nonsense behind people's backs! "That's not true! My mother is not that sort of person! She was framed!" 
Lucius quickly explained. 
He knew full well how Joan got framed but let the culprits off because of her kindness. 
"You're lying! Everyone said that you're mother's a homewrecker.How can you deny that?" 
The boy was unrelenting. 
It looks that he's intentionally saying all those nonsense! Right then, Gabriella clenched her fist and walked towards the kids. 
"Hey! I own this place.So, if you're not going to eat, leave! Stop with the nonsense!" 
She raised her voice at the boy that was causing the commotion. 
All the other kids were dumbfounded when they saw Gabriella's horrifying expression.
"I'm stating the truth here! Why would she get a divorce with that man called Larry if it wasn't true?" 
The kid continued his rampage. 
The boy got Gabriella even more agitated. 
You son of a bi**#! What do you know? You're just talking out of your a**! "Get out!" 
Gabriella had enough. 
"Now! I wasn't going to charge you for Lucius’ sake, but I’m not going let you mess around here!" 
She pointed at the kids in front of her.
###Chapter 3097
Free? 
I never said anything about letting them have free food, though? Lucius raised his head and looked towards Gabriella. 
He did not quite get her intentions. 
Gabriella, on the other hand, merely gestured for him to keep quiet. 
"Free? Was this a surprise for us?" 
"Yeah, Lucius! That's awesome!" 
A few kids cheered excitedly, and the topic at hand immediately shifted. 
At that moment, the only thing Lucius could do was smile, awkward as it may be, and keep quiet. 
Lo and behold, Joan saw everything that went down from the kitchen and felt really bad. 
The free meal was a non-factor as the more important thing was that Lucius’ pride was being stepped on. 
When the kids finished the meal, it was already dark outside. 
So, after sending his classmates off, Lucius immediately ran into the kitchen and locked his gaze onto his mother.He felt extremely uneasy. 
"Umm...What happened today, was my fault." 
He lowered his head.
What is he talking about? Joan was unconcerned as she had experienced these sorts of things several times by then. 
Hence, she was only worried about her son at that time. 
"Lucius, do you feel indignant?" 
Joan crouched down and caressed the boy's head. 
indignant? Why? As long as everyone in the family is safe and happy. 
I couldn't care less about all that! With that in mind, Lucius shook his head. 
At the front, Gabriella was busy cleaning up the tables. 
She had zero intention of telling Joan what just happened.She knew that some things were better left unspoken, even though Joan already found out. 
"Gabriella, thank you for helping Lucius out today" Joan said cautiously. 
And Gabriella immediately put down her tools, raised her head, and smiled. 
"Treat me to dinner then?" 
Hearing that, Joan let out a sigh of relief.She was actually prepared for a nagging, so it was a pleasant surprise to see this sort of reaction. 
Treating Gabriella with food was not a problem for Joan. 
"What would you like to eat? I'll make it for you" she said as she got ready. 
"No!"
Gabriella suddenly shouted, her eyes fixated on Joan. 
Huh? What's wrong? She loved my cooking, right? Joan looked at Gabriella, confused. 
"Your son's friends cost me quite a fortune just now. It's only fair if you treat me something equally expensive; Gabriella raised her chin and exclaimed. You little… Why do you always have these sorts of ideas! Joan reluctantly nodded and grabbed her arm, getting ready to leave. Nevertheless, Gabriella was not going to go easy on Joan. 
Hence, she took out her phone and called Nancy, Jessica, and Abelyn. In an instant, the restaurant had quite a few more guests. 
"Yo! I heard it's someone's treat!" 
Nancy said as she ran over. 
"Yeah! Joan here heard that everyone has been really exhausted lately, so she wanted to treat us!" 
Gabriella made it up on the spot. 
Joan, on the other hand, shook her head. 
Alright then. 
It had, indeed, turned into a women's night out. 
In the meantime, Larry was going through the documents at his desk in the office, seemingly quite busy. 
Caspian was clumsily trying to comfort the baby in his hands.
Dustin was discussing some matters regarding work with Jory and had no idea where Abelyn was at the moment. 
None of the women told the men about their gathering as they chitter chattered away, laughing excitedly in the private room they got until daybreak.
###Chapter 3098
Ring! Ring! Phones started ringing, echoing in the room. 
"Jessica, what did you do last night? Why did you not come home!" 
"Abelyn, where are you now? Are you drunk?" 
"Oh Joan, Please come home quickly." 
"This is unfair! Why didn't you guys tell us something like this was going on?" 
Caspian was displeased, and the men all started mumbling. 
"Alright.Dinner's on me tonight then!" 
Larry declared. 
The small crowd they have there started going wild all of a sudden. 
With that, Gabriella became a part of their lives, and everyone was eager to help her out with her love life. 
Nancy never quite understood why Gabriella would be interested in Jake and was actually doubting her taste in men. 
"Hey, Gabriella, why would you like someone like Jake?" She asked. 
Someone like Jake? What does that mean? Gabriella immediately turned around and looked at Nancy intently, waiting for her to explain. 
At that moment, Nancy immediately shut her mouth, wanting to leave as she turned around.
"No, you don't!" 
Gabriella grabbed Nancy's arm. 
"What did you mean by that? What kind of person is Jake?" 
Oh god... 
So she doesn't know about all the things that Jake did in the past. 
Nancy covered her eyes and shook her head, feeling extremely awkward about the situation. 
"Hey now, I just did not understand why you would like Jake, that's all" she answered as soon as possible. 
What is there to not understand? Feelings are feelings. 
Some might never get to find the one that they love, and some could feel it in their bones the moment they met eyes. I'm one of the fatter. 
At first, Gabriella was definitely attracted to Jake's looks. 
But then, she slowly found out that the man had more than just his looks. 
He became a president of a company at a young age and knew his way around the industry. 
On top of that, he had no negative press. 
Where can you find a man this perfect? Back then, Gabriella had thought that Larry was the best example of a perfect man. 
However, things changed when she met Jake, and she realized that Larry was not the only one.
Gabriella held her head up in her palm. 
Her eyes glittered with her admiration for Jake. 
What's going on with her? Nancy took a closer look at the person in front of her, feeling suspicious. 
Don't tell me... 
ls she daydreaming about him? "Hey! Gabriella! Are you alright? Snap out of it!" 
"I'm fine!" 
Gabriella came back to her senses. 
"Now, let me make this clear.You are not allowed to badmouth Jake from now onward!" 
She slapped Nancy’s shoulder and exclaimed before she left. 
What? I didn't say anything! Is that even necessary? Nancy watched as Gabriella went out of sight before turning around with a smirk on her face and left. 
In a living on a couch, Joan was leaning against Larry's chest as she played with her hair, a lovely scene to behold. 
"What were you thinking?" 
Larry asked out of the blue. 
What's he talking about? Joan raised her head.Her lashes fluttered as she blinked, puzzled by Larry's question.
"Gabriella and Jake.You know Jake still thinks about you.And now Gabriella likes him.If she finds out about it, things might get messy.I know her.Right now, she might look all sweet and cheery, cherishing your friendship with her.But as soon as she finds out about you and Jake, she's going to lose it," Larry warned. 
Truth be told, Joan agreed with everything he said, but she was constantly avoiding it. 
Gabriella was someone that would stop at nothing to achieve what she wanted. 
And the same principle applied to men as well.
###Chapter 3099
Perhaps he should be honest with Gabriella. 
After all, the final choice lay in her hands. 
The next day, the eatery was closed to the surprise of Gabriella. 
Joan sat by the window and smoothed the front of her dress as she waited for Gabriella to emerge from the washroom. 
Since Larry had been honest, she should be more accepting of the circumstances. 
"What's the situation? Why aren't you open today?" 
Gabriella asked as soon as she emerged as she was bursting with curiosity. 
"Gabriella, I think we need to talk" Joan said sternly. 
What's going on? Gabriella looked up and stared bewilderedly at the woman before her. 
Joan closed the entire eatery just to talk to me?Looks like this is something huge. 
"I have known Jake for a long time.I know he had..." 
Joan spoke brusquely, and Gabriella was hurt to hear that. 
Why? Why did the man she love fall for Joan? Gabriella clasped her hands as her heart wrenched with sadness. 
"Don't worry, I'm going to marry Larry soon; Joan hurriedly added.And then what?Does she think that by marrying Larry, she can cause Jake to give up? No, that's definitely not going to happen! Though
Gabriella had not liaised with Jake, she knew he was a determined person — regardless of whether he was dealing with people or with work. 
"Joan, even if you do marry Larry, Jake won't give up so easily; Gabriella said calmly as stirred her coffee.Everybody knew about Jake's character.He wasn't easy to deal with, nor was he a chatty sort. 
"The reason why I'm telling you all of this is for you to understand Jake's past. I only see him as my savior." 
Joan had never forgotten that. 
Gabriella understood what Joan had confided in her — the latter was still grieving deep in the corners of her heart. 
The two women chatted several more minutes before parting ways. 
No matter. 
The past is now history. 
The days to come will be spent with Jake! Gabriella looked up as she took a deep inhale to calm herself. 
Gabriella could truly understand what she felt at that moment; she had always hoped that Jake would be able to be touched by her sincere love. 
With the passage of time, Joan would be able to move on with her life. 
"How was it? Nothing bad, I hope?" 
Larry asked urgently as he walked towards her.
"Nothing bad.She'll understand," 
Joan answered gently with a laugh. 
Yes, she understood. 
But that did not mean that she would be able to do it. 
If Jake showed signs of regret in the future, I'm afraid Gabriella will blame me. 
Ever since Joan had confided to Gabriella about everything, the latter had become more reticent. 
Joan was at a loss on what to do. 
Sometimes Joan had begun to question if she did the right thing by confessing. 
Joan sighed softly and kept up the task at hand. 
"Joan!" came Jake's voice as he stormed in. 
"Jake!" 
Gabriella cried with excitement.She looked very excited, unlike Joan, who was filled with unease at the back kitchen. 
What is he doing here again? Joan pretended not to hear anything as she kept busy. 
In the living room, Jake felt perplexed by Gabriella's obliging demeanor. 
"Where is Joan?" he asked while trying to catch his breath. 
Gabriella's eyes fell as she pursed her lips in displeasure.
Since the man stepped through the door, the only name that had been on his lips was Joan's. 
"She's busy at the back of the kitchen; Gabriella said sulkily. 
Busy with what?Does she know what time it is?She never complains about being tired... 
Jake wrung his hands in a panic as that thought surfaced in his mind.
###Chapter 3100
"Let her rest for a while." 
Jake looked up at Gabriella. 
That made the woman even angrier. 
Why is there only one woman in his heart?This is so unfair! She was losing the battle for Jake's heart, even after Joan withdrew herself from consideration. 
"You tell her that yourself!" Gabriella said in a huff as she turned and disappeared. 
What's wrong with that girl?Why did she lose her temper all of a sudden? Jake shook his head at the departing figure of Gabriella. 
Women were prone to change; there's no telling when they're in a foul mood. 
Jake distilled the root of life's problems to woman's fickle nature, then thought no more about it. 
He stood up and headed toward the kitchen. 
Sure enough, Joan was still busy and was sweating profusely. 
"You look like you've worked really hard.Why don't you take a break;’ Jake said as he strode in. 
He grabbed some paper towels to mop the sweat off Joan's brow. 
Sh*t!Why is he in here?Where's Gabriella? Joan glanced toward the living room in a panic. 
"Get out! Hurry! Out!"
She shoved Jake back outside. 
What's going on?Why is she in such a panic? The man glared at her with displeasure as Gabriella observed the entire turn of events from not far away. 
Looks like Jake has not given up on Joan.I have next to no chance. 
Gabriella sighed and turned toward the window, feeling hurt. 
Why is God so unfair? Larry likes Joan, and so does Jake. 
Why doesn't anyone like me? Gabriella searched her mind for an answer, her eyes filled with sorrow. 
"What's wrong with you? Did someone dump you?" 
Suddenly, Jake appeared behind her. 
As he passed by, he knocked on the back of her head playfully. 
Perhaps they were a bit more acquainted with each other, but Jake treated her differently than before. 
"What's wrong with you" 
Gabriella muttered as she stroked her hair. 
What's going on with this girl? At her tone, Jake squinted curiously at Gabriella. 
"You like Joan, don't you? Why don't you go to her? Why are you coming to me?" 
Gabriella muttered again. 
Why can't I come to her?Besides, Joan is consumed with thoughts of Larry.
Where would she find the time to think about me? Since he had been unceremoniously expelled from the kitchen by Joan, he thought he would come to Gabriella for a chat. 
"What happened to you? Did someone bully you? Tell me who, and I'll go kick his ass" 
Jake stated with a righteous pat on his chest. 
He must be joking!Who would dare to bully me, Gabriella Ward? Gabriella turned away from Jake, afraid that he would be able to see through her thoughts. 
"Still ignoring me?" 
Jake resumed knocking on her head teasingly. 
It sounded strange as Jake was usually cold and calculated at work or in life in general. 
But these days, he was always in a playful mood when he was with Gabriella. 
Perhaps he wasn't even aware himself that he had developed feelings toward the woman. 
Unbeknownst to the both of them, Joan was silently observing them from the kitchen. 
These two are pretty good together! Joan smiled in satisfaction. 
"Damn it, Jake, stop messing up my hair!" 
Gabriella exploded. 
"It's fine; you can straighten yourself up afterward," Jake said as he continued teasing her. 
What's with him and his fetish for my hair? Gabriella was slowly growing very annoyed.
"Jake, I'm going to get you!" she shouted.

###Chapter 3101
The pair of them were soon playing catch like children. 
Though they were being loud, the customers could not bear to disrupt their sweet time together. 
They placed the money for their bill on the tables and left quietly. 
"I have customers to serve!" Gabriella cried, suddenly remembering that she was still at work. 
She ran back into the store. 
Jake couldn't help but chuckle as she did so. 
Why do I always feel happy and relaxed around Gabriella? No!! must persevere for Joan! My feelings can't sway! Jake regained his composure and put on his usual cold demeanor before walking into the eatery. 
"The customers were happy to see you being happy and instead of bothering you, they left their bill on the table.Just collect them and put them in the cash register" 
Joan yelled from the far end of the kitchen, looking very happy. 
It's all Jake's fault!lf not for that scumbag, I wouldn't have left the eatery! Gabriella turned around and glared fiercely at Jake, who was entering through the front door.Her eyes gleamed with coldness. 
"You! You're banned from this eatery!" 
Gabriella shouted as she pointed a finger at him.
Oh, come on!How would she get to be with Jake if he doesn't come and tease her? Joan hurriedly set down the tools in her hand and ran out. 
"What are you doing?" she asked softly with a pat on Gabriella's arm. 
What?Is she still unwilling to let go? Gabriella bit her lip and gazed at Joan angrily. 
Jake witnessed the entire scene. 
Though he did not appear to be bothered by it, he felt very anxious. 
This silly girl, why is she speaking about this here?If I didn't come down, who would be here to entertain her? At that thought, Jake smiled involuntarily with a warm gaze at Gabriella. 
He had never even looked at Joan with such tenderness before. 
"Stop arguing now!" 
Joan stated sternly as she shoved Gabriella. 
"No, I won't, Joan.Don't you see? He keeps interrupting our work.We're losing money here; Gabriella mumbled indignantly.Jake burst out laughing at that. 
"How much have I cost you today? I'll pay you back!" he said as he took out his wallet. 
Joan smiled at the sight of the warm and peaceful interaction before her. 
These two are pretty good together. 
At Norton Corporation, Larry was seated on his couch deep in thought. 
To the side, Jessica and Caspian appeared thoroughly excited.
"What is it?" 
Dustin strode in with Abelyn. 
"Has anything happened? It's really early to be here? he continued.Doing such a thing wasn't Larry's style. 
Knowing so, Abelyn gazed around the others in the room curiously. 
Before long, Nancy and Jory joined them. 
Only Gabriella, Joan, and Jake were absent. 
At that moment, the three of them were bantering at the eatery. 
"I'm thinking of proposing to Joan this weekend;" Larry said in a plain voice to those gathered in his office. 
Yes, his previous attempt at a proposal had been sabotaged by Jake. 
Both he and Joan were thoroughly unhappy about that. 
When Larry learned that Jake had developed feelings for Gabriella, the man inferred that Jake would not sabotage his proposal this time. 
At that moment, Jake was about to confess his feelings to Gabriella. 
"What's the situation here?" Jake appeared suddenly. 
What's he doing here? Jessica eyed the man before her in confusion.
Shouldn't he be busy in his office? Larry, however, just laughed lightly and said nothing. He must have come over from the eatery. 
For the past few days, Larry had been hearing from Joan that Jake had frequented the eatery to seek out Gabriella's company.
###Chapter 3102
"What're you guys planning?" 
Jake rubbed his nose, looking apologetic. 
"What has anything got to do with you?" Nancy shouted rudely. 
Suddenly, the office went deathly quiet. 
Larry got up slowly and faced the group with a smile. 
"That's enough, stop picking on him. Jake, you're here for Gabriella, aren't you?" Larry asked inquisitively. 
Jake scratched the back of his head awkwardly. 
The group understood at once. 
Jake is into Gabriella! That's great!Joan is finally free from her troubles! Abelyn eyed the scene excitedly, looking very pleased. 
Actually, Jake wasn't a bad person. 
He was merely impetuous; he had acted rashly in the past. 
"So, you like Gabriella! Larry, when you propose to Joan, Jake can confess to Gabriella too at the same time; Nancy suggested all of a sudden. 
At that, the entire group began chattering merrily. 
What an excellent idea to celebrate two relationships.
They discussed a little longer before departing. 
Soon, the weekend rolled around while Joan and Gabriella were kept busy in the eatery.It seemed like they had no idea what was in store for them. 
"Hurry up, Gabriella! The customers are getting impatient." 
"I know, I know! Stop rushing me. I'm swamped!" 
The eatery was suddenly crowded, causing Gabriella to feel overwhelmed. 
"We're here to help!" 
"That's right. I knew that you two are busy here." 
Nancy, Jessica, and Abelyn had turned up to lend them a helping hand. 
The sight of all of them invoked Joan and Gabriella’s curiosity for the girls’ motive. 
Could they want to discuss something? Soon, the men entered as well. 
With the arrival of extra hands, the entire eatery operated smoothly. 
Two hours later, the customers began to depart. 
Once the last satisfied customer left, Gabriella and Joan slumped onto the couch in the corner, looking exhausted. 
"Hey, we're thinking of going to the beach. Are you coming?" 
Nancy gave Joan a light shove on the arm. 
What nonsense is she suggesting?We're exhausted from work! "I want to take a nap"
Joan whined. 
At her answer, everyone looked at Larry, at a loss of what to do. 
"You know what, I could nap at the beach too!" Joan yelled suddenly. 
"What? Joan, are you crazy? Why would you want to sleep at the beach? I'm dead tired, and I'm not going anywhere! You can go if you want to!" Gabriella snapped. 
"What are you guys doing? I'm not going..." 
Because the woman could finish her sentence, however, she was carried off to the car. 
"Joan, I love you! Marry me!" 
The moment she arrived at the beach, Joan saw a spot set up not far away. 
Adorable balloons were floating, and the area was lit by enticing candles. 
An intoxicating scent of roses filled the air, and multicolored lights illuminated the scene in all its splendor. 
All of those combined with the presence of the man she loved. 
Joan was touched. 
Why did they not inform me about this? She wiped the tears that were forming in her eyes and ran into Larry's arms. 
"Will you marry me?" Larry asked as he knelt on one knee and presented her with an engagement ring. 
"Yes!"
Joan was touched by his gesture. 
This time, no one was there to raise ions. 
Everybody present wished them well. 
"I'm so jealous!" Gabriella squealed. 
She clasped her hands together and gazed longingly at the newly engaged couple with bright eyes. 
It would be nice if someone would propose to me like this! Gabriella fluttered her eyelids at admiration at the couple. 
"Gabriella! I like you!" 
Suddenly, a familiar male voice came from behind her.
###Chapter 3103
What's going on? Gabriella spun around and saw Jake approaching her with a large bouquet of roses. 
ls my crush… proposing to me?Am I dreaming? The woman rubbed her eyes in disbelief. 
"Will you be my girlfriend?" Jake asked softly. 
The others who were witnessing the scene smiled. 
At last, Jake found his soulmate, and Gabriella got the happy ending she'd always dreamed of. 
Dustin hugged Abelyn tightly, Jory held Nancy in his arms, and Caspian supported a pregnant Jessica. 
They all looked at peace with the world. 
"I will!" Gabriella cried. 
The crowd erupted with cheers. 
"I thought I didn't stand a chance;' Gabriella said softly as her voice broke. 
The thing about feelings was that they were unexpectedly magical. 
Before, Jake had thought that Joan would be in his heart for the rest of his life. 
Gabriella had taken her spot. 
Jake had thought it through. 
His feelings for Joan were nothing more than a deep-seated dissatisfaction.
He was dissatisfied to lose to Larry and unwilling to accept that Joan did not return his feelings. 
At that point, those feelings did not matter anymore.He already had Gabriella, who was his everything. 
"Congratulations!" Nancy said happily as she bounded over to them. 
"May you spend the rest of your lives together!" Abelyn wished them in a soft voice. 
At the sight of the happiness of all her well-wishers, Gabriella's heart swelled with gratitude. 
Her acquaintances with them had begun with hostile disagreement, but she soon grew so close to them that they gave her their blessing on the day she found love. 
She thought her heart would burst with joy. 
Finally, all of them had reconciled their differences and became fast friends. 
Nobody had any idea that Jake would work together with Larry. 
As for Dustin, he had managed to let go of Joan. 
Everybody was with the people they belonged with. 
But the good news did not end there. 
"What? What did you just say? You're pregnant? You're joking, are you?" 
Nancy squealed in delight, holding onto Jessica's arm tightly. 
"What are you talking about? Pregnancy is not something to joke about!" Jessica answered. 
In an instant, another cheer erupted from the group at Jessica's news.
"Guys, let me tell you something.Jessica is pregnant! It's true! Caspian is a dad now!" 
Nancy yelled as she ran around to spread the news. 
In an instant, the news had landed on everyone's ears. 
Larry looked at Caspian proudly. 
At last, the couple had reconciled and had a child on the way. 
"You're a quick worker! Good job!" Dustin punched Caspian's chest playfully. 
"That's right! Hey Caspian, are you going to propose to Jessica soon?" Jory suddenly asked. 
In an instant, all the men stared hard at Caspian, which made him uncomfortable. 
"What're you talking about? I've already proposed to her" 
What?Caspian has already proposed to Jessica?When did this happen? Not far away, Nancy watched this scene curiously. 
"Jessica, come here.There's something I want to ask you" Nancy called with a serious look on her face. 
Jessica smoothed her dress and walked over expectantly. 
"What's the situation now? Why didn't you tell us that Caspian proposed to you?" Nancy asked deliberately. 
Jessica stared at the other woman incredulously. 
What's there to talk about?A proposal is between two people.
It's between Caspian and I. 
Why should I tell everyone? Besides, Jessica was an introvert who did not enjoy crowds. 
"You know, I'm not too fond of large crowds’ Jessica replied as she tugged her dress absent-mindedly.
###Chapter 3104
Nancy could see from Jessica's point of view, so she simply looked at the latter and forced a smile.She was not upset about the fact that Caspian and Jessica kept their proposal from her. 
In fact, she was already scheming for a romantic proposal for the pair of them. 
"I don't ask for much, except for happiness and health; Jessica continued. 
Why does she sound like an old lady? Nancy looked up and studied Jessica curiously. 
Ever since the fiasco with Lisa and Caspian, Jessica had become more reserved and serious; it was as though nothing in the world surprised her anymore. 
"Do you regret anything?" Abelyn suddenly asked in a low voice as she approached the two women. 
"What regrets does she have? As long as she's happy, she will have the strength to overcome anything" 
Joan interjected with a smile. 
In this world, Joan was probably the only one who understood Jessica the most. 
She was not short on money. 
The only thing she wanted was a man to love her and spend the rest of their lives together. 
That would suffice. 
After all, what could be more important than that? 
"When are you planning on getting married?" Joan asked as she patted Jessica on the shoulder gently.
At that point, the bookstore was doing well. 
Coupled with Jessica's pregnancy, things could not be going more smoothly. 
It was the perfect time to plan her wedding. 
Jessica looked down and smiled with satisfaction. 
Before, she had rejected the idea of marriage. 
But she was not afraid anymore. 
What she wanted most of all was a child and a husband — one big, happy family. 
"Good job on locking down Jessica!" Larry congratulated Caspian back in his office. 
"She used to not believe in marriage; the former remarked. Caspian merely smiled uncomfortably. 
"I respect her, all right? Larry, please don't get the wrong idea. Jessica was willing! I did not force her into it." Caspian, you rascal. 
Who said anything about forcing Jessica into it? Larry understood the woman's character very well.He shook his head sternly, but the happy expression on his face gave his true feelings away. 
Three celebrations for three pairs of couples.It was indeed fate. 
"What are you saying? Get married together?" 
Abelyn shouted at Dustin in the living room, her eyes wide with confusion. 
Dustin was already prepared for an overreaction on Abelyn's part.
"Yes.You see, Joan is going to marry Larry.Jessica and Caspian are getting married for their child.Even Jake wants to marry Gabriella.Since we aren't married yet, I was thinking about hosting a triple wedding for us" 
Dustin responded. 
It was a pity that Nancy and Jory already had their wedding ceremony, or they could participate as well.It sounded like a splendid idea, but Dustin had not proposed to Abelyn. 
How could they skip that part and jump straight to the marriage ceremony? Abelyn pouted unhappily. 
Dustin knew what she was thinking. 
He covered her eyes and led her into the living room. 
When he removed his hands to reveal the scene, Abelyn was stunned. 
"Abelyn, I love you.Marry me!" 
Dustin cried as he suddenly dropped a knee in front of her. 
The woman was not able to contain her emotions; her tears came flowing. 
Soon, the dates for the ceremony had been finalized. 
Perhaps she was feeling envious of all the other's happy times, but Nancy insisted that she and Jory get married again together with their friends. 
The day of the ceremony came a week later. 
"Let's go! We aren't going to make It!"
Jory tugged on Nancy's hand to leave, looking panic-stricken. 
He couldn't believe that she was still dawdling.
###Chapter 3105
What's going on?isn't it still early? Nancy gazed at her watch and looked most displeased.She was not a morning person. 
"Slow down a little.I'm a woman.I can't run as fast as you!" she yelled, trying hard to keep up with his pace. 
The fact that Nancy was a woman was the last thing on Jory's mind at that moment. 
No matter how tired she was, they could not afford to be late on such an important day. 
At the same time, it was exactly the same scenario with Dustin and Abelyn, and Caspian and Jessica. 
"Why are you in such a hurry! It's still early!" Jessica panted. 
"We're late! If we don't get a move on, we're going to miss the plane; Caspian answered patiently as he helped her to her feet. The plane?What's going on? Jessica turned to stare suspiciously at Caspian. it's our wedding ceremony today!Why are we going to the airport? What the hell is Caspian up to? Jessica stopped in her tracks and looked at the man with annoyance. 
"Stop hiding things from me! What is going on? Why are we catching a plane? Aren't we getting married today?" Jessica yelled. 
Caspian fell silent. He had intended for it to be a surprise, but circumstances dictated that he told her the truth. 
"Us boys have planned a surprise for you girls." 
In an instant, Jessica understood.
She patted Caspian on the shoulder and smiled sweetly, seemingly a little embarrassed for her outburst earlier. 
These boys really know their way around a girl's heart! At that moment, Joan and Larry were already at the airport. 
They exchanged an uneasy gaze as they waited for the rest. 
"Why aren't they here yet?" Joan asked as she glanced around. 
Who knows? The girls always took their time dressing up when they were about to leave the house. 
Joan was an exception as she always dressed simply. 
Larry tugged her arm and pulled her close to him. 
He had been honest with her about the plan of getting married abroad from the start. 
That was why they were the couple who had arrived the earliest. 
"How horrible of you to not have told us about this sooner!" 
Nancy yelled as she ran toward them. 
"That's right.I only got the news today too." 
Abelyn arrived next, looking most displeased. 
Soon Jessica emerged as well, with one hand on her belly. 
Caspian held her as they walked over carefully.
After a brief respite, the group boarded the plane. 
Getting married on vacation was something Joan had always wanted.Her wish had finally been granted. 
"Thank you;' she said to Larry as she snuggled against him. 
The man gave her waist a little squeeze, looking as happy as he could ever be.He planted a light kiss on her forehead, his heart bursting with joy. 
As long as she was happy, he was too. 
Soon, the plane landed, and the group headed to the beach. 
The girls had thought that, upon landing, they would have to plan their itinerary. 
Little did they know that everything had been arranged in advance by Larry and the men. 
"Wowl" 
Nancy exclaimed when they caught sight of the scene.
###Chapter 3106
When Abelyn, Jessica, and Joan heard Nancy's exclamation, they turned to look at what caught her attention. 
They all smiled in surprise. 
Even Joan did not know that everything had been planned out. 
Suddenly, the wedding waltz sounded. 
"Mr.Norton, everything is in place.We can begin now; a young fellow ran over to Larry and reported smartly.Larry nodded to the rest as he took Joan by the hand and led her away. 
"Where are we going? Slow down!" Nancy yelled. 
She was the loudest one in the group. 
"Where's Gabriella?" 
Joan turned to Larry. 
"Relax.She and Jake got here last night; Larry answered softly. 
In the dressing room, the girls were busy with their makeup. 
Dong! The clock sounded from outside. 
The girls smoothed their wedding gowns and applied their finishing touches before hurrying out. 
Joan, Nancy, Jessica, Abelyn, and Gabriella stood side by side on the stage.
All of them looked ravishing. 
The men below the stage looked stupefied at their beauty but were nonetheless very excited. 
"Gentlemen, are you willing to take the ladies on the stage to be your lawfully wedded wives?" the emcee shouted happily. 
"We do!" the men shouted before the emcee could finish speaking. 
The ladies stood dazzling on the stage, drawing envy from the spectators below. 
The sun went down soon after. 
Despite that, there was not a trace of tiredness on each of their faces. 
"I'm craving some barbeque!" 
Nancy stood up suddenly and shouted without consideration for the people around her. 
Those in her vicinity shot scandalized glares at her sudden outburst. 
When Jory heard that, he immediately went up to Nancy and held one hand over her mouth. 
He grinned sheepishly at the indignant onlookers, his eyes apologetic. 
"Today is our wedding! Why barbeque of all things? Be good and sit tight!" 
Jory forced her down on the beach. 
"No! Jory, do you love me or not?" 
Nancy demanded.
"I do!" he answered at once. 
"Then let me have some barbeque." 
The man gazed at the woman he loved in his arms with a troubled look, looking evidently tom. 
It's our wedding, and she wants to have a barbeque. 
How would this look to others? He awkwardly glanced at the others, feeling at a loss of what to do. 
"What's there to think about? Let her have some; Joan said. 
Larry gazed at her affectionately. 
"Let's get some barbeque since Joan wants some as well: The man got up, followed by the rest. 
They all then headed toward a restaurant nearby. 
"Excuse me, sir.We would like some barbeque for dinner.I was wondering if we could borrow your..." 
"Of course! The brides are the bosses today; the owner said jovially, even before Nancy could complete her request. 
This is what a hospitable man should be like! Nancy patted Jory's arm and looked up proudly. 
"Let's celebrate the conclusion of the perfect wedding!" 
The glasses clinked merrily as wine spilled in abundance. 
It was happily ever after, each of them had someone they loved who loved them back.But their story was far from over...
###Chapter 3107
"Hey, have you heard? Megan went viral!" 
The man grunted in response, engrossed with his phone. 
"Bloody hell.Boss, this is Megan! Damn, send me that photo with that pose" 
The phrase "Megan Rockford's leaked" stole the number one spot for most popular searches on Twitter, followed by the word "hot." Amongst the other popular searches were "leaks source; "Megan Rockford family" and "Megan Rockford boyfriend." 
It was the same throughout all social media platforms. Megan was perplexed by the sight of her manager's furious gaze. She had been home this entire time and had not received any notifications, nor had she met anybody. She was not aware of what she had done to earn her manager's chagrin. 
That was why she was shocked speechless when she picked up the photos slammed by her manager on her desk. 
It was a stack of raunchy photos of a couple in the midst of intercourse. 
The tangled mass of limbs made it unable to tell where the woman's skin ended and the man’s began. 
It was enough to make anybody blush with embarrassment. 
The thing that shocked Megan the most was the fact that all of the photos were of herself. 
"Look at what you've done!" the manager yelled with bulging eyes whilst jabbing a furious finger at her nose. 
Megan hurriedly flipped through the photos in search of something to prove her innocence.
"No, this is not me! I've never done anything like this! I don’t even know this man!" I'm still a virgin! The woman hurriedly turned on her computer and entered her own name into a search engine. 
She was immediately greeted by many more photos of the same theme. 
The comments around the office were unflattering to hear. 
"How revolting..." 
Megan felt her head pounding, and she leaned on the couch dejectedly. 
She did not know who had gone to such lengths to destroy her reputation like that. 
A month ago, she had begun a relationship with a wealthy heir of the show business industry. 
That was when she found her name being implicated in tabloids. 
As her career was on the rise, she had hoped it would be aided by her sudden burst of fame. 
To Megan's surprise, the man in the raunchy photos was the man she had dated. 
His assistant had blackmailed her for stemming the damage she had done to his reputation by threatening her future in the industry. 
That was why she had spent a long time at home in quarantine and rejected any attempts to reach her. 
She had hoped that her hype would die down with time. 
However, she did not expect the photos to surface. 
Megan gazed at her manager, as though hoping that the latter would be able to explain the situation. 
Megan's manager sat across from her irritably.
With a roll of her eyes, she said, "What are you looking at me like that for? The company has arranged for a press conference for you to apologize to the public and the media.Get ready and come with me" 
"These photos are fake! Why should I apologize? Shouldn't I be attesting to my innocence and getting to the bottom of this?" 
Megan jumped to her feet in a fit of anger and anxiety.She had a bad feeling that the company wasn't going to bail her out of this one. 
True enough, the manager let out a cold laugh. 
"Megan, consider the circumstances.You're a newcomer.Why should the company devote resources to clear your name? Do you know who you've offended? You have two options now.Either apologize or get lost!" 
Megan was stunned. 
She had worked hard in show business for so many years. 
Was this going to be what ended her career? These photos are all fake! However, Megan had zero authority over the matter. 
The only way was to apologize and bide her time. 
She would explain the situation when she became popular and influential again. 
Besides, she could not afford the massive legal fees to take action immediately. 
After cleaning herself up, Megan followed her manager to the venue of the press conference. 
As soon as the door opened, she was blinded by the flashes of cameras pointed in her direction.
Reporters hurried over to hound her with questions. 
Megan was unable to answer most of the distasteful and intrusive questions. 
In a daze, she staggered away in an attempt to shield herself from the paparazzi. 
Before the words of apology came out of her mouth, the paparazzi had already set the tone for the press conference. 
"Megan, rumor has it that you leaked the photos yourself to go viral.Is that true?" a reporter asked as he brandished the scandalous photos in front of her. 
"Ms.Rockford, in regards to the pornography you leaked..." 
The event soon became out of control due to the leaked images from just an hour before. 
The hostess on stage was a lady in a red dress. 
At the sight of the carnage below, she grew pale and seemed at a loss. 
Megan had no idea that her day would spiral downward like that. 
The photos in the paparazzi's hands looked familiar, but she felt that it was inappropriate for them to be displayed out in the open. 
"Let's go..." her manager ordered. 
The paparazzi surrounded Megan as though they would like nothing more than to swallow her whole. 
They were relentless and determined to do anything for a slice of gossip.
"Ms.Rockford, I'm a representative of Yale Silverware.Our boss has an idea..." a voice came to Megan's ear, but she did not register it. 
Her mind was a blank. 
Go?Where to? As expected, the venue was already packed. 
Megan hurriedly snatched the microphone from the stunned hostess. 
"Everyone, shut up!" 
At that, the crowd fell deathly silent. 
"Where did the photos come from?" 
Megan willed her voice to be calm, taking advantage of the paparazzi's momentary silence. 
At her query, the crowd erupted again.I shouldn't have said that.
###Chapter 3108
"If you don't want people to learn about your affairs, perhaps you shouldn't have leaked them! Megan, I had no idea your private life was so depraved." 
"Megan, are you into BDSM?" 
The paparazzi already viewed her as someone with no morals, judging by the disdainful way they looked at her. 
They left no stone unturned about her private life. 
She was a si*t, after all. 
Megan did not remember how she exited the venue. 
Her limp hair hung disheveled over her pale and tired face; the incident had drained her greatly. 
She was determined to find out about the origins of the incriminating photographs. 
Once the elevator doors opened to the top floor of the hotel, Megan relaxed slightly before entering her suite. 
She threw the doors open without thinking. 
At the sight of the red heels on the floor, her mind turned blank. 
Before she could process what she had seen, her ears alerted her to the next piece of the puzzle. 
Arhythmic moan came from the bed. 
"Herman, give it to me.I can't take it anymore’ "Little minx.
Your sister..." 
"Don't talk about her.You're mine now;' a feminine voice interrupted. 
"Yes, I'm yours.Get up here and start riding..." 
It was warm and intimate on one side of the wall but cold and icy on the other. 
Megan turned deathly pale.She wasn't even aware that her lip had bled from her biting down on it. 
"I'm back’ She was in a daze.She had no idea how she managed to open the bedroom door. 
The couple writhed on the bed passionately. 
A girl who looked like Meegan with an innocent face widened her eyes in shock and confusion. 
The naked woman soon regained her senses and hurriedly pull the sheets over herself. 
"Megan, why are you back?" 
It was her sister, Mia. 
They shared a father but had different fathers. 
Megan had just caught Mia having sex with her boyfriend.Her boyfriend of eight years wasn't even fazed when he was caught. 
Aside from a look of contempt, he did not appear bothered as he proceeded to collect his clothes from the floor without even sparing Megan another glance. 
"How was the press conference?" Mia asked Megan with a glare. 
"Since you've already seen it..."
"Were those photos your doing?" Megan asked at once. 
She had always thought she could count on Herman.She knew deep down that Herman was in possession of those photos; it had occurred to her on her way up.She just could not believe that the man would betray her like that. 
"AS you saw, I've made quite a bit from it." Megan took an involuntary step backward the moment her worst fears were confirmed. 
"You..." 
She pointed a shaking finger at Herman.Her throat felt constricted, rendering her incapable of uttering another syllable. 
"Your career was booming, so how could I let you step away from the spotlight?" Herman lit a cigarette. 
"Besides, Mr.Yale thinks you have potential." 
"That's right, Megan; Mia added eagerly. 
"Mr.Yale really wants you! If only you'd speak to him... 
"Shut up!" 
Megan glared at Mia.She knew her sister had never respected her, but she did not expect Mia to have taken a liking to her boyfriend, let alone sleep with him behind her back for a long time. 
"Megan, what're you doing?" 
Herman stepped forward and gripped her wrist tightly.
"You dare lay a finger on Mia?" 
"Why? Have I done anything wrong to you these past eight years?" 
"You?" 
"You sleep with whoever you want. 
Have you ever treated me Like your girlfriend?" 
"You left me with no choice!" 
Megan was a simple girl from the village.He was the one who had guided her step by step to where become the star that she was. 
Megun had endured his disdain for seven years but always thought thal Herman knew how she felt about him. 
"I did not expect you to be so frank about it. How does being in bed with her make you feel?" she retorted bitterly. 
As though she felt that the situation was still tense, Mia spoke up, "Megan, since the photos have already been leaked, There's no harm in sleeping with Mr.Yale.Besides, if you no longer have any use, why would Herman keep you around?" 
"Keep me?" 
Megan had finally seen the true colors of them both. 
Herrnan stepped forward swiftly and grabbed her throat. 
"Batch, if this is how you want to play, I won't apologize for what I'm about to do."
###Chapter 3109
"Herman, Mr.Wilson only wants Megan dead, but he didn't say when; Mia said as she procured a syringe from the bedside drawer. 
It was filled with a blue liquid that looked menacing under the light. 
"Besides, Megan is a loose woman now: Megan did not know what the syringe contained, but at the sight of Mia's wicked smile, she took another step back. 
However, she couldn't get far as she was gripped firmly by Herman on her throat. 
"No!" 
Megan screamed as Mia injected the contents of the syringe into her arm. 
"Megan, have you heard of what whores like to be high on when they do it? I wouldn't know.I'm not as slutty as you to enjoy it to the fullest" 
Herman loosened his grip, and Megan collapsed onto the floor. 
The two had drugged her to sell her body to a man named Mr.Yale. 
Megan recalled the recent tragedy of that celebrity who was found dead in her hotel room. 
No, my life can't end like that! She looked up at her sister and caught sight of the lake outside through the window. 
In an instant, she had made up her mind. 
"If I'm going down, you're coming with me!"
As soon as Megan touched Mia's arm, Herman sensed her intentions. 
"You want to die? I'm not going to make it that easy for you!" 
He grabbed the woman by the hair so hard that her scalp went numb from pain. 
To Megan, death was the sweetest relief she could experience in her miserable life. 
With strength that she didn't know she had, she broke free of his grasp and leaped out of the window. 
If there is indeed an afterlife, I will haunt these two f*ckers forever! The next thing Megan remembered was feeling sore all over; it felt as though she had been whipped. 
She gazed up at the ceiling. 
I didn't even die from that? Megan instinctively curled up in a ball on the ground. 
She couldn't help but notice that the straw roof looked familiar. 
It was her home in her previous life. 
The yellowish lamps lent the scene a sepia tone of nostalgia. 
As she came to that conclusion, a loud came from outside the door. 
It was her stepmother, Garret. 
Megan regained her senses. 
Did God give her another chance? 
"Hmm, you're finally awake?"
Garret glared down at her as she spat, "Stop lazing around.Get out there and chop up some firewood." 
Megan got up under her stepmother's stern gaze. 
Her body was still sore, but it was nothing compared to what she had felt before.Her heart was bursting with joy. 
She had been reborn! "I'm going; Megan told Garret as she pushed open the door. 
Memories came rushing back from the corners of her mind. 
It has been eight years since I've come back to this house. 
Everything there was just the way she had remembered it. 
"Let the sheep out after you're done with the firewood!" 
Garret shouted behind her.She had a cloth of such a brilliant shade of red in her hands that dazzled Megan. 
Garret was about to make a dress for Mia. 
Over the next few days, there would be a wealthy man from the city visiting their village. 
The gossip of his arrival had already spread like wildfire, each one farther fetched than the last. 
Some said he wanted to find a wife, while others said he was solely coming to perform... 
However, Megan had lived through this phase before. 
She knew that the visitors were a filming crew who had been charmed by the picturesque scenery of their village.
They wanted to shoot a commercial. 
In her past life, she and Mia had left their village with the crew. 
The only difference was that Mia was beautiful, and Megan was deemed repulsive to look at. 
Mia! All of a sudden, the painful memories came rushing back. 
Megan stood rooted on the spot, not even aware of her sharp nails digging into her palms. 
Her previous life was like a tragic comedy. 
She had worked so hard just to be taken advantage of by Herman and Mia. 
Thankfully, God had not forsaken her. 
With this new life, she would not let go of Mia and Herman that easily. 
Blood for blood. 
They will suffer as I did, only a hundred times worse. 
"You stupid girl, what are you still standing there for? Get a move on!" 
Garret's shrill voice snapped Megan out of her reverie, and the latter started and hurried toward her tasks. 
As Megan dashed forward, Garret suddenly grabbed a fistful of her neck from the back. 
Her filthy, mud-caked fingernails dug into Megan's flesh painfully. 
It stung so badly that tears ran down her cheeks.
Despite the pain, she endured it. 
She was used to days like this in the past.
###Chapter 3110
Before Megan's father died, Garret would at least pretend to be a caring stepmother. 
As soon as he passed, Megan's nightmare began. 
The villagers all had vicious tongues. 
They put out the rumor that Megan was cursed; that curse had supposedly led to the death of her mother followed by her father. 
Garret had hated Megan before, but she became even more brutal in her abuse when she heard the villagers’ impression of Megan. 
Megan did not blame anybody but her own luck. 
Garret kept up her verbal abuse the entire journey. 
The other villagers pointed at them openly, but nobody stood up for Megan. 
She was cursed; nobody dared approach her for fear of contacting her ill luck. 
Megan smelled the sharp scent of nail varnish before they entered the house. 
With a frown, she peered through the door and found Mia busy with painting her nails a vivid red. 
Megan had no love for her half-sister either. 
In her previous life, Megan had received more than her fair share of abuse from Mia. 
She was also the one to have leaked Megan's scandalous photos to the public.
I'm not going to be that naive this time. 
Megan stared coldly at Mia with a knowing smile on her lips. 
When Mia had completed the last fingernail, she held up her hands and strode towards Megan. 
Examining Megan's torn clothing, Mia chuckled. 
"Don't feel bad about the new clothes that my mother had bought for me.You were supposed to receive a new set of clothes, too, but I told my mother that nothing you wear would look good, so she saved herself some money.Besides, you're a middle school dropout.You wouldn't need to use any makeup, am I right?" 
Mia's arrogance was the same as it had been in Megan's past life. 
However, Megan wasn't affected this time. 
"Oh, really? Well then, enjoy your new clothes!" Megan said with cold indifference. 
Upon hearing her, Mia's jaw dropped in astonishment. 
She could not believe Megan could appear that apathetic and emotionless to the point of sounding disdainful. 
Mia watched in a rage as Megan walked past her. 
Having failed to provoke and upset the other woman, she felt frustrated and angry. 
"Megan, you're only fit to be my servant for the rest of your life! You're uncultured and ugly!" Megan did not feel stung by Mia's tirade. 
The only thing she felt was exasperation at her sister's immaturity.
Megan grabbed the ax and headed up the hill for wood. 
At the village entrance, she saw a group of girls in the distance. 
They were led by Mia, who was clad in a light green jacket with two red flowers in her hair. 
Though Mia didn't have the glamor of a movie star in Megan's previous life, she was still pretty in a girl next door sort of way, which drew people to her. 
Megan knew she was unable to do anything to Mia at that moment, so she fought hard to control the rage within her every time she caught sight of her sister. 
Thankfully, the days were long. 
Megan had plenty of time to take back everything that Mia robbed from her. 
Mia was not the type who would leave one alone if one stayed out of her way. 
The scars of a whip on Megan's body were proof of that. 
When Mia caught sight of Megan walking toward them, she led her friends over. 
"Hey, isn't that my dear sister? Are you feeling better?" 
Megan knew where Mia was heading with this.She clenched her fists and glared at the other woman. 
"Hmm, she appears to be mute.Never mind, Mom will marry you to that dimwit Leeroy" Mia said. 
Her friends laughed delightedly at that insult as they always did. 
The air up on the hill was crisp.
As Megan ascended, she schemed on what she would do next. 
Judging from the rate at which Garret was preparing, the arrival of the film crew over the next couple of days would be her best bet. 
Megan had been working in the show business for eight years. 
Though she had been coerced by Herman for not being able to film a good pilot, all of her auditions had fallen short with people taking advantage of her one way or another. 
However, that didn't mean Megan was not shrewd. 
AS an actress, she was conscious of her posture and knew how to create, handle, and navigate emotional chemistry. 
Megan had always wanted to be an actual actress, but her talents were never utilized fully.
###Chapter 3111
Even Megan's face — something she was proud of — had been criticized by Herman as overly sultry. 
He had forced her to undergo eyelid surgery in Koandria. 
Even then, her fans had criticized her for looking like she had a stroke. 
Come to think of it, Mia must have instigated that decision too. 
It's been a while since she had to exert herself physically. 
As she had not needed to do physical labor in the city, Megan spent more than half a day working on her task. 
By the time she reached home, it was already dusk. 
"Stupid girl, why did you take so long with the wood!” Garret screamed from the door. 
"No dinner for you! What are you looking at? Go feed the pigs!" 
Megan gazed inside the house. 
Under the warm yellow light, Mia flashed her skincare mask at her, looking very pleased with herself.Megan felt dissatisfied but was in no position to be petty. 
Her hunger had cleared her mind as she reaffirmed the purpose of her second life — vengeance. 
The following day was the same. 
After chopping firewood and watching the sheep, Megan had her dinner — a bowl of soup so watery that the bottom of the bowl could be seen.
In the house, only Garret and Mia talked and laughed, all the appearances of a jolly family. 
"Mom, does this look good on me?" 
"My girl, you would look good even in a potato sack.I promise you that the rich man from the city would like you when he comes tomorrow" Garret spoke as if Mia already belonged in the city. 
"Mia, when you become the wife of somebody important, please remember to bring me along to share your joy." 
The house was silent for a long time. 
Megan sat underneath the stove for warmth as she sipped her SOUP. it's tomorrow, is it? She did not expect the day to come this soon. 
Mia isn't going to get away this time. 
Though Megan had followed the filming crew into the city, she actually worked beneath Mia, who had her do odd jobs and run errands. 
Mia went on to become the star of the commercial, with each role increasing her fame even more than before. 
Megan wasn't going to let that happen this time. 
The following day, Megan rose early but did not expect Garret and Mia to have awakened earlier than her. 
Clad in her new red dress with a freshly tied braid, Mia appeared very excited. 
However, her expression turned sour the moment Megan emerged.
"Mom, we can't let Megan out today. It would be embarrassing for us." 
Mia had casually shattered Megan's dreams in her past life like that too. 
"Don't leave the house today. Stay indoors and work on your embroidery; Garret ordered. She could not allow Megan to steal attention away from Mia. 
"Yes." 
Megan did not openly disobey. She knew the crew would arrive in the afternoon. It wouldn't do to pick a fight with Garret at that moment. 
As expected, Mia arrived back at noon. 
"Mom, nobody came to the village!" she sulked. 
"She lucked out on not having to work in the morning.Megan, go fetch my almonds!" 
Mia was the spoiled child of Garret, who got whatever she wanted. 
After Megan brought Mia her almonds, the latter's temper grew worse.She flung bits of it at Megan. 
This was the opportunity Megan had been waiting for. 
Faking a look of desire, she whined, "Mom, I want new clothes too.Mia's old clothes..." 
"What! You dare ask for new clothes?" 
Mia jumped to her feet as she stared at her sister, not daring to believe how Megan had suddenly become so brazen.
Garret did not respond as Mia headed into one of the rooms and procured the green jacket she had worn the day before. 
"I would have forgotten if you didn't mention it, Megan.This hasn't been washed" 
The meal on the stove was almost ready, so Garret was too occupied to to anything. 
She simply said, "Wash your sister's clothes.We'll talk then" 
Megan's plan ran like clockwork as she finally got her chance to slip away.She walked past with the basin of Garret's and Mia's laundry as the delicious smell of lunch wafted past her nostrils. 
It was in the middle of autumn, hence the freezing weather. 
The river from the mountain cascaded gently down to the village. 
Megan began washing the clothes, perfectly embodying the stereotype of a simple village girl.She distinctly heard the sound of a car stopping. 
Not long after, there were footsteps leading towards her. 
Megan had accurately predicted that the river was the exact location which the crew had intended to shoot.
###Chapter 3112
Mia had not expected to have handed the long-awaited opportunity to destroy the person she had hated with such ease. 
Megan straightened up after squatting down for a long time. 
As she stretched her waist and mopped her brow with the back of her hand, she heard the click of a camera shutter. 
"Oh my, this young lady..." 
Megan's nose twitched at the sound of that remark. 
In her previous life, this exact remark by Felix the director had led to the events of Megan leaving the village the first time.She did not expect it to be verbatim this time. 
Felix caught sight of her doing laundry by the river in an instant. 
Megan had a low ponytail, out of which strands of hair dangled messily all over the side of her face.Her dark complexion was characteristic of a toiling villager from the mountains.She had pretty features, but the darkness of her skin prevented them from truly shining. 
Felix gazed at Megan with a satisfied smile. 
She is exactly what I'm looking for to be the female lead of this commercial! The village chief had noticed Felix's gaze, and he hurriedly blocked Megan from view. 
"Mr.Woods, that girl won't do.Why don't you take a look at my..." 
Before he could finish his sentence, however, Felix had already walked up to Megan.
"Young lady, what is your name?" Megan had long seen his question coming. 
"Megan Rockford," she answered plainly. 
"That's a lovely name.Young lady, I'm shooting a short commercial.Would you be interested in staying to watch?" 
"Shooting a commercial? What's that? Can I join?" 
Megan giggled shyly and faked a look of confusion, with Mia's jacket still clutched in her hands. 
"Mr.Woods, this girl looks promising" 
"Yes." 
Felix and the photographer were discussing the photo they had shot of Megan earlier.She knew that half of her plan had already succeeded by playing the part of an innocent village girl to perfection. 
Soon, the other girls from the village gathered by the river. 
Garret soon arrived, and with a howl of fury, she snatched the jacket out of Megan's hands. 
"Come home now!" she shouted. 
Mia had a look of disdain on her face as she squeezed her way through the crowd and stood before Felix. 
As Megan finished speaking, Garret yanked her around to hide her from Felix's sight. 
"Mr.Woods, don't bother yourself with her" 
Garret laughed apologetically.
"She's neither good-looking nor cultured.Why don't you consider my younger daughter? Mia, come over here!" 
With a wave of her hand, Mia ran over with a wide smile on her face. 
Her fair skin was especially pleasing to look at; she drew the attention of the city boys who found themselves unable to look away. 
"No, she won't do!" 
Felix shook his head. 
At the sound of his words, the smile on Mia's face froze as her temper rose. 
She glared fiercely at Megan through teary eyes and kicked her sister on the thigh viciously in full view of everybody around her. 
Megan staggered backward convincingly as she gazed up at Felix with a look of sorrow. 
"Yes! That's exactly the feel I'm looking for! We've found her!" 
The crowd was shocked by Felix's proclamation. 
Mia was pretty and demure with an innocent air about her. 
Megan on the other hand, notwithstanding her reputation for bad luck, was dark and repulsive to look at. 
The village chief hastened to change Felix's mind. 
Taking advantage of the interruption, Garret dragged Megan away to the riverbank.
"Don't even think of shooting the commercial.You'd better come home with me now.If you dare to take this away from Mia, I will disown you!" 
Garret threatened menacingly. 
Then how would I be able to leave? In her previous life, Megan had missed out on being cast for this role, which enabled Mia to get ahead of her in a career in showbusiness. 
Megan had fought tooth and nail for years, but she had never managed to surpass her sister's success. 
Felix had told her in her previous life that if he had been aware of her existence back when they were casting, they definitely would not have chosen Mia.
###Chapter 3113
That was why Megan worked so hard to take advantage of this opportunity. 
After the threat to Megan, Garret shot her a fierce glare and turned away. 
The fan-favorite Mia glared at her sister when Felix took her side in telling Garret off. 
Her stare seemed to say "If you're going to fight with me over this, I'm going to give you hell for it." 
Indeed, Mia was capable of such an act. 
Was it not due to her contribution that had resulted in Megan's death in her previous life? Garret was not going to condone something that made Megan happy. 
Her grip on the woman grew tighter; she meant to drag Megan home when nobody was watching. 
"Mom, you're hurting me." 
Megan waited until the director called for silence to cry out. 
At once, every head turned to look at them. 
Garret, however, was still determined. 
"My apologies for this silly girl bothering you," she said with a warning glare at Megan. 
Felix suddenly remembered Megan being a fine first choice. 
"Young lady" he called.
"Why don't you join us as well?" Mia was angry, while Megan felt suddenly in control of the whole situation. 
"Sir, are you referring to me?" she asked Felix innocently. 
The crowd, who still bore some residual fear, slowly dispersed. 
Megan walked toward them with Mia's soaked jacket in her hand, but it was soon snatched away by Garret. 
"Yes, you! Young lady, your role in this commercial would be to splash water onto your sister. It's not difficult" 
"Yes, yes. I can do that" 
Mia's face turned an ugly shade of green at Megan's involvement in the commercial. She did not expect her final opportunity for stardom to be robbed from her just like that. 
However, Mia couldn't help but notice Megan not appearing happy at being selected as one would expect. 
Rather, she looked as if she was waiting for something. 
In Megan's previous life, she had indeed been chosen by Felix. 
However, she did not make it into the final cut. 
Felix dismissed the other girls. 
At that moment, a man clad in a smart suit emerged from the crew. 
"Mr.Woods, we prefer this other girl."
He pointed at Mia. 
Mia's face lit up once again. 
"Mr.Woods, I can do better than my sister" she said in her coyest voice, a tactic which had never failed her. 
The man in the suit, an investor, fixed his greedy eyes onto Mia's body.He gulped at the sight of Mia's beautiful face. 
The other members of the crew felt differently about Mia, especially Felix. 
To them, Megan's maturity was much preferable and pleasant than Mia's beauty. 
When they were having their make-up done, Mia kept ordering the make-up artist to do things her way, without a trace of the humility a village girl ought to have. 
On the other hand, Megan closed her eyes and surrendered herself to the make-up artist's judgment. 
The entire process went smooth and swift for Megan. 
Felix glanced at Mia bossing the make-up artist around and shook his head. 
The star of the commercial he had in mind was Megan, but the investor had chosen Mia against his wishes. 
Rather than let a talent like Megan go to waste, he had opted to cast them both. 
In that way, he managed to appease the investor, and at the same time, achieve his artistic ideal. 
The crew began setting up in accordance with Felix's instructions.
"Come! The two of you, stand in the water. I want you to splash water onto each other!" 
The crew quickly led Megan and Mia to the riverbank. 
Megan dived right in, while the latter hesitated. She glared fiercely at Megan; she was worried that Megan would ruin her freshly done make-up. 
Whatever it was, Mia was here to be in the commercial. 
If she didn't follow orders, she wouldn't be in the shoot at all. 
Megan could tell exactly what Mia was thinking. 
In a fit of inspiration, Megan called out, "Mia, if you're afraid of getting dirty, you could ask for a body double," she said with a playful laugh. 
"I've heard that movie stars often had body doubles!" 
At that suggestion, Mia's eyes lit up. 
Of course I would use a body double. I'm the female lead, after ail! She spun around. 
"Mr.Woods" she called out loudly. 
"If I'm going to be splashing around in the water, I'm afraid my make- up will be ruined. Let my body double do it!"
###Chapter 3114
She isn't even fit to be the female lead, and now she's demanding body doubles? The resentment Felix had been suppressing all day exploded at that instant. 
"Then why did you apply such a thick layer? Don't you know that the theme of this commercial is about the simplicity of village life? Remove it immediately!" 
Mia's eyes welled with tears upon being spoken to in this manner.She spun around and glared fiercely at Megan, who feigned a confused expression. 
The make-up artist chuckled. 
Mia had been adamant about wanting to apply eyeliner and blush, even going as far as to ask for lipstick.She had the bossiness of movie stars with none of their fame. 
The make-up artist had let Mia get her way, and sure enough, the woman was reprimanded for it immediately. 
The shooting of the commercial was delayed for Mia to remove her make-up. 
Felix personally came up to the riverbank to deliver instructions. 
"When the two of you are splashing," he said. 
"Just splash around each other. You don't want to catch a cold and delay the shooting process even further" 
The girls nodded, and the shooting finally commenced. 
"Action!"
Immediately, Mia splashed so hard that Megan's face was soaked. 
It was a good thing that her make-up was light; the water did nothing to alter her look. 
Mia laughed in delight as she kept throwing handful after handful of water onto Megan.She wanted nothing more than for Megan to fall sick. 
Or even better still, to fall down the river and be swept away. 
Mia was convinced that Megan had pulled some invisible strings on the body double incident to get Felix to humiliate her in front of everybody. 
In retaliation, Mia leaped at the chance of getting Megan sick. 
The crew, who were on set, were able to see through Mia's intentions. 
They were all in showbusiness, after all. 
Any fondness they had of Mia's appearance disappeared completely. 
The shooting schedule had to be delayed to the second day due to the delays Mia had caused. 
Megan was soaked by the time the scene was shot. 
She felt chilled to the bone as she stood on the riverbank, but she still patiently smiled and said goodbye to the crew members. 
As the shoot wrapped up for the day, Felix kept Megan for a brief chat on behalf of the investor. 
He informed her that the investor had agreed to sign them both. 
Megan knew she had succeeded.
"Me and Mia both?" she asked. 
In her previous life, Starling Media had only signed Mia. 
Megan was only able to leave the village as Mia's assistant. 
Alas, Megan's efforts were not wasted. 
Due to Mia's own antics, things began to look different from her previous life. 
"What? She's going to sign a contract too?" Mia exclaimed angrily. 
Mia had held a grudge against her sister for as long as she could remember. 
Because Megan did better in school than Mia, Mia made an effort to suppress her at every turn but was still unsatisfied until she had brought total misery onto Megan. 
Mia was deeply uncomfortable by the fact that she was still unable to free herself from her sister's shadow right when she was about to head into the big city. 
"Mr.Woods, how could she sign a contract? Look at her!" No one answered her. 
Mia's true colors were on full display to everyone that day. 
After a brief pause, the investor left under the pretense of having matters to attend to on the following day. 
Before he did, he summoned Mia over to have a private little chat with him. 
Megan had arrived back at home when she suddenly recalled Felix's words to her before she departed earlier.
"Megan, show business is not as glamorous as you think.It wouldn't be such a bad thing if you didn't get in." 
Megan shook her head stubbornly. 
In her previous life, she had suffered indignity in the hands of Mia and still did not have a happy ending. 
This time around, to carry out the vengeance she needed, getting into show business was the only way. 
"Mr.Woods, I would like to see the outside world" said Megan with a determined glint in her eyes. 
Beneath the determination and innocence of a village girl was a bloodlust for revenge. 
Felix had sighed and said, "So long as you don't lose yourself.Remember, show business is not a good path to take," he reminded her once more. 
His advice, though well-intentioned, only served to further strengthen Megan's resolve. 
"Mr.Woods, I'll be there tomorrow." 
Garret was already waiting at the door. 
With her daughter still yet to return, she pulled Megan by the arm, which the woman had anticipated. 
"The investor said Mia has potential and would like to discuss the signing of her contract with her, which would take a little longer."
###Chapter 3115
True enough, Garret's fury turned into delight with Megan's report. 
"I knew this would happen." 
"Go feed the pigs.You've already delayed doing so an entire day" she added with a glare at Megan. 
The kitchen utensils were spotlessly clean, indicating an absence of dinner that night. 
Megan had overestimated Mia's resilience. 
In her previous life, she had stooped to run errands for Mia was because she posed no threat. 
This time, however, they were both on equal footing as Megan had managed to get herself signed on too. 
Megan's constitution was frail. 
Between starving the entire day to being submerged in the freezing river, she awoke the next day feeling feverish. 
That wouldn't stop her from exacting her revenge, though. 
Megan forced herself up to brush her teeth.She came to the washroom and pushed open the broken door like she always did, but it did not budge. 
Megan surmised that she was perhaps weak from her fever.She pushed harder still but the door remained as firmly shut as ever.
Damn it!How did this happen? Megan gave the door a shake and immediately heard the rattle of a chain. 
It must be Garret and Mia's doing. 
Mia's laughter came from beyond the door. 
"Stop struggling, Megan.The investor told me yesterday that he plans to sign me alone.You being there will make no difference.Don't waste your energy.I will apply for a leave on your behalf!" 
"Hmph, little b*tch! Cursed child!" came Garret's voice. 
"The one day I don't watch over you, you try to steal Mia's birthright.I'm warning you now.Don't even think about it! I will be sitting outside this door today. We'll see how you get past me!" 
Megan heard the sound of a wooden stool being dropped to the floor, followed by Garret's grunt as she sat down. 
Megan slid to the floor, hitting her head helplessly. 
Am I going to be suppressed by them again, even in this new life?No, definitely not! The sun was already high in the sky. 
Everyone who had been standing in the scorching heat already felt irritable, especially the investor.He had been sipping water incessantly and complained about the heat despite constantly being fanned. 
"Damn it! Felix, you take over from here.If Megan isn't here by the time the production crew leaves, it counts as a breach of contract, and we won't be signing her! Let's go!" the investor yelled and left in a huff.
Felix squinted into the distance and held on to the belief that Megan would make it.He had never misjudged a character before. 
Under normal circumstances, the director would hurriedly complete the project and wrap up the shoot at the risk of incurring the investor's wrath. 
Unexpectedly, the entire production crew waited. 
Mia felt desperate.She clenched her teeth at the thought of Megan's audacity for wanting to be a movie star. 
Impossible! "Mr.Woods, my sister told me yesterday that filming is such a tiring and difficult affair.She much prefers staying home to farm, so she had decided not to come’ Mia said as she smiled sweetly and fluttered her eyelashes. 
She was confident in her ability to influence men. 
Tiring and difficult? Felix frowned, not believing a word of it. 
He did not think Megan was a young lady who was afraid of a little tiredness and difficulty. 
On the other hand, Mia appeared to be cute and innocent, but she was capable of great deviousness as she had so amply demonstrated. 
Perhaps she had felt guilty about coming up with a bold lie that Mia did not dare meet Felix's eyes. 
In her experience, the investor was easier to converse with.He had mentioned that he was affiliated with Starling Media. 
Mia paced in search of a spot to wait for shooting to begin.
As she was doing so, she envisioned her rise to stardom in show business. 
With my looks and brains, I will be a huge star. 
At that thought, Mia was so convinced of her beauty that she felt like even the production crew were beneath her. 
Felix ignored Mia and kept his eyes fixed on the road ahead. 
As the sun dropped lower and lower down the mountain, the crew showed signs of impatience, especially Mia. 
"Mr.Woods, when are we going to begin?" 
"We'll begin when Megan shows up"
###Chapter 3116
Mia rolled her eyes in exasperation. 
With a pout, she strode over to the shade for a sip of water, all the while cursing Megan in her heart. 
This b*tch isn’t even as beautiful as me. 
How could she be a star? If Megan costs me my rise to stardom today, I will make sure that being locked up in her room will be the least of her worries! The crew, though patient, felt extremely irritated at that point. 
The atmosphere simmered with dissatisfaction, but nobody dared to voice their displeasure. 
If Felix did not want to start, anyone to suggest otherwise will be in for a sound telling off. 
Mia was irritated with how calm Felix seemed. 
He even lit a cigarette and blew rings languidly. 
She stomped over to face Felix, mustering her most demure voice as she spoke, "Mr.Woods, my sister does not enjoy shooting commercials.Please don't trouble the crew any longer." 
After another half an hour, Mia was beyond herself. 
The old women of the village had spread the tales about what went on in Garret's household, to the extent that it became common knowledge. 
The crew did not attempt to speak up for Mia. 
"Since Megan is not here, we won't be shooting this commercial, Felix stated finally.
Mia's face fell at his words. 
"Mr.Woods, I can do the shoot by myself" she said desperately, close to tears. 
Nobody could fathom how much she hated her sister at that point. 
"You?" 
Felix retorted with disdain, hardly sparing a glance in her direction. 
"If it wasn't for the investor, Megan would be the only star in this commercial!" 
This retort was so harsh that a more assertive person than Mia would have been blushing furiously. 
Felix rubbed it in further. 
"Since we won't be filming today, everybody pack up. We're leaving." 
The man then got into his car. 
Mia panicked.She wasn't going to let Megan ruin her acting career. 
"Mr.Woods, I just recalled? said Mia, thinking fast. 
"I think my sister can make it.I'll go home and bring her along." 
She ran toward her home as soon as the words were out of her mouth. 
Felix studied her diminishing figure thoughtfully. 
"Taylor, follow them and see what's going on" he said quietly to his apprentice. 
"Mia, you're home!" Garret cried.
"Your sister burned down the house!" She bounded over to Mia. 
Taylor's appearance was welcomed; they were now afforded a glimpse of the type of trouble Megan was worth. 
Mia was shocked by her mother's news. 
It was fine if Megan had burned down her own room, but Mia had new cotton quilts and many beautiful dresses in hers. 
She felt fit to strangle Megan to death if those had been burned. 
Mia rushed to her room in a panic and saw that it was crowded with relatives. 
She shoved her way through impatiently, only to realize that there was no trace of any burn marks to be found anywhere. 
The only thing discernible was a scorch mark at the bottom of the broken door. 
How does this count as burning down the house? it isn't even enough to light a cigarette! At this moment, the distant relatives animatedly discussed the affairs of Garret and her family. 
Megan heard their voices and found an opportunity. 
"Mom, hurry up and let me out.The production crew is still waiting for me!" she shouted. 
The relatives heard her and pieced together the whole story quickly. 
Garret was biased against Megan, her stepdaughter. 
To ensure that her biological daughter got the role, she had locked Megan up.
The crowd erupted indignantly as accusations of Garret torturing her stepdaughter flew. 
The most fearsome thing in the village was the savage tongues of the womenfolk. 
Upon hearing them, Garret smiled awkwardly at her accusers. 
When she turned around, she found herself face to face with a furious Mia. 
Mia noticed Taylor had a disgusted look on his face, thus she flexed her acting skills and said, "Megan, I told you to go to bed earlier last night, but you didn't want to.Look at you now! You've overslept and kept the production crew waiting!" 
She then turned to Garret. 
"Mom, let her out, will you? She didn't do it on purpose."
###Chapter 3117
With that cunningly phrased exclamation, Mia had turned the situation around to make it seem like it was Megan's fault. 
Megan, on the other hand, did not expect Mia to return, much less have Garret free her. 
Garret opened the door most reluctantly, and Megan caught sight of Taylor standing behind Mia.She understood the situation at a glance. 
Felix must have sensed that Megan was in trouble, and had dispatched Taylor to investigate the matter. 
"Megan, if you didn't want to be a part of the commercial, you could have mentioned it! You kept the whole crew waiting, not to mention delaying the whole schedule." 
Mia's speech gave the impression that she was thoughtful and kind, and at the same time, she was painting a picture of incompetence to depict Megan. 
Garret chuckled to herself. 
It's a good thing that my daughter is a sharp one, or I would have to endure the gossip on the street! Beads of sweat started to form on Megan's brow, but there were more pressing matters at hand. 
She rejected Taylor's coat when he handed it to her. 
"Thank you, but I don't need it.Let's head over to the shoot.Mr.Woods must be waiting anxiously." 
She led the way out of the door and went to the location of the shoot with Taylor. 
Mia was outraged.She had hated her sister since the day they met.
Megan was supposed to be subservient to Mia, who had never considered her a threat. 
With this surprising turn of events, Megan suddenly became Mia's competitor for the role of her dreams. 
At the thought of members of the crew favoring Megan over herself, Mia wanted nothing more than to knock her sister's brains out. 
"Young lady, are you sure you can do this?" Felix asked with concern when he caught sight of Megan's pale face when they arrived on set. 
"Yes, I can.I would like to express my deepest apologies to everyone for being late today;’ Megan said guiltily as she glanced at the crew, who were most sympathetic. 
"Alright then.Let's not waste any more time.Go get your make-up done" 
Felix clapped Megan on the shoulder to her gratitude. 
In both her previous and present lives, the man had always been courteous and kind with her. 
In her previous life, it pained Megan greatly to have heard that he had plagiarized the works of other directors. 
As a result, he had been treated as an outcast within the industry. 
Half a month later, Felix had committed suicide by overdosing on prescription drugs. 
The situation all looked and smelled fishy, but Megan could not quite put her finger on it. 
Megan had her make-up done with great haste.
The make-up artist had a very good impression of her as she was polite and soft-spoken from the day before. 
She had even given Megan some of her own medicine to combat her fever. 
"It's done.Have a look" the make-up artist said after a couple of minutes. 
"Thank you for the trouble." 
Her skills were superb. 
Megan did not even look like she had a raging fever. 
Mia was prepared to joke about how Megan's deathly pale face would never make it on camera as the latter got ready. 
Her jealous rage was something to behold when Megan emerged looking pretty and rosy-cheeked enough to disguise her illness. 
"I want my make-up done like that" 
Mia pointed a quivering finger at Megan and demanded. 
However, the make-up artist pretended not to hear her. 
To avoid a repeat of the incident from the day before, Felix gave strict orders before the shooting commenced. 
"Due to the constraints of time, everything must be filmed today.If we fail to meet the deadline, this commercial will be a flop."
Mia did not dare carry out the schemes she had planned to sabotage Megan. 
Instead, she was accommodating and played her part well for fear of jeopardizing her own career. 
The beauty of the scene and the general enthusiasm motivated everybody to perform at their best. 
To meet the demands of the investor, Felix devoted plenty of screen time to Mia. 
After half a day of intense shooting, all the details were finally worked out. 
"Okay, that's a wrap!" 
Felix announced, causing the crew to heave a sigh of relief. 
"Two of you will be coming with me to the city tonight," Felix said, addressing the girls. 
"We have an hour to go.Go home and pack your belongings." 
He had Taylor follow them back and help them with their luggage. 
Megan gazed at Felix with gratitude. 
She knew the man was subtly protecting her from whatever horrors Garret and Mia had planned for her. 
Though she did not have the means of repaying him at the moment, Megan kept his kindness to heart and vowed to repay him in the future. 
Garret had already packed Mia's things for her when the party arrived home.She had two large sackfuls along with three smaller bags. 
"You don't have to bring your bedding," Taylor said as he peered into one of the bags.
He was not in the mood for hauling all of Mia's bags all night long.
###Chapter 3118
Megan did not have much to pack as her wardrobe was a measly collection of hand-me-downs.She emerged from her bedroom with all of her things in a single knapsack. 
Before they left, she cast one last look at the cottage she had called home for the past dozen years. 
Though she had always wanted nothing more than to leave, she felt her heart twinge when she realized she was never coming back. 
At long last, they were ready to depart. 
Megan glanced at Mia's bags and the money Garret had given her. 
Compared to her own single knapsack, it was a pitiful sight. 
Taylor could not contain his astonishment. 
"Just this?" he asked in disbelief as he held up her bag. 
Megan nodded in acknowledgment with a smile, acting as though it was a normal thing for village girls to do. 
Mia rolled her eyes at Megan and Taylor.She took a step over the threshold but was halted by Garret's yells. 
Glancing back, she found herself face to face with her tearful mother. 
"When you get to the city" she sniffled, "be sure to call me all the time!" 
Mia did not attempt to hide her disdain for the pathetic sight of her mother.
You've embarrassed me enough when you packed so much sh*t for me to bring, and now you're being so clingy. 
When is this going to end? 
"I know" she said impatiently as she tried to brush Garret's hands off of hers. 
"Go back now. We must get moving, or we'll be behind schedule again!" 
Megan felt saddened by the sight of Garret being so loving toward her own daughter. 
If her mother had not died, she might not be living in such a wretched state. 
Mia wrenched herself free from Garret's clutches and went up the car. 
Wiping her tears, Garret turned around as Megan passed and stuffed some money into her hands reluctantly. 
"Take care of your sister in the city!" 
"Hmm." 
Megan nodded coldly. 
As the car moved further away, Megan glanced back and saw Garret still wiping her tears.She couldn't help but feel sorry for her stepmother. 
In her previous life, Garret had fallen ill a couple of months after the girls left for the city. 
It was later diagnosed to be cancer. 
However, Mia had dodged all her mother's attempts to contact her.
It was only on her deathbed that she sought out Megan, who had taken pity on her. 
She took her stepmother for medical treatments until her dying day, less than half a month later. 
Garret never saw Mia again.It wasn't surprising, judging by Mia's character. 
She had been at the peak of her career; it would have been embarrassing for her to be seen with a poor village woman as a mother. 
Mia had wanted nothing to do with Garrett, even wishing that she would die without involving her. 
If Mia was capable of treating her birth mother this way, it came as no surprise that she would later attempt to murder her stepsister. 
Megan clenched her fists as she swore an oath to herself. 
Herman and Mia will suffer as much as Megan was capable of. 
It was a bumpy ride. 
The rugged scenery of the mountains gave way to a bustling metropolis. 
Mia stared all around her in wonder as she had seen cities only on television before. 
Megan was much less impressed — it was an extremely common sight for her. 
However, it served to trigger bitter memories from her past life. 
The events that had led up to her first death haunted her in her dreams. 
Even the conversation between Herman and Mia was seared into her subconscious.
There was one other remark that had been made by Mia that Megan could not understand. 
"Mr.Wilson only wants Megan to die..." 
Megan racked her brains to search for her memories of her previous life.She could not recall ever hearing the name Wilson. 
Megan had never heard Herman mention such a name either. 
Who is Mr.Wilson, and why did he want me dead? Megan was certain that she had not wronged anybody in her previous life. 
When she signed her contract, her existence felt lowly; she felt as if she had only been born to serve Mia. 
She could only watch as her sister became an overnight celebrity after her appearance in Felix's commercial. 
The agency that represented them bumped her up, and Mia soon surpassed the fame of Jacinta, the most popular actress during that time.
###Chapter 3119
In her moment of frustration, Megan met Herman. 
Throughout her tough situations, he had stuck by her side and comforted her endlessly. 
At first, she had thought that he was the man of her dreams. 
Yet, he turned out to be the monster that dragged her to the depths of hell. 
For Herman's sake, she'd went out of her way to drink alcohol and sleep with him. 
Despite her best efforts, Megan lost Herman's affection and was left with a feeling of disgust towards herself. 
Furthermore, Mia and Herman had even seized the opportunity to inflict greater harm on her. 
Now that she had a second chance, she wouldn't allow them to trample all over her. 
I certainly won't let them do as they please too! "Megan, what happened to you?" 
When Megan snapped out of her daze, she noticed that everyone in the car was staring at her. 
Although Mia's excitement made people restless, the stark contrast of Mia's bright behavior highlighted Megan's gloomy attitude. 
An ominous presence hung over Megan.Her mature presence did not seem like one of a seventeen year-old. 
"Megan, don't you think that this place is beautiful?" Mia asked with a genuine smile. 
In this foreign place, Megan was the only person she was remotely familiar with.
As a result, she treated Megan with more affection. 
Megan merely smiled in response as she glanced out of the window to observed the scenery. 
Finally, the car came to a halt. 
After exiting the car, Taylor led Megan and Mia to the rental home. 
Mia couldn't help but feel displeased when she stepped into the house. 
All the famous stars whom I've seen on television live in huge and luxurious villas. 
Why am I staying in a measly rental home? Megan swept a gaze around the house. 
There were two rooms completed with a living room. 
Additionally, the space was clean and well-equipped with all the necessary household appliances; it was a far cry from their shabby home back in the village.Besides, they were not famous stars yet. 
A house of this size was much more than she'd expected. 
Taylor helped the two of them to unload their luggage and was about to leave. 
Before he left, he informed them of their schedule for the next day. 
"There will be someone to pick the two of you tomorrow.Goodbye" 
"Alright, thank you so much." 
Whilst Mia continued to grumble about the house, Megan did not forget to extend her gratitude to Taylor.Her humble actions warmed his heart. 
The next day, the sound of rapid banging on the door echoed loudly around the house.
Megan had awoken from her slumber before the knocking began. 
However, she made no move to open the door. 
After all, she already had a hunch about the person outside the door. 
As expected, Mia was roused from her slumber by the insistent knocking. 
Groggily, Mia opened the door as she cursed under her breath. 
"Who is it? It's so early in the morning..." 
"I am your manager! You can call me Luna." 
The woman right outside the door was none other than Luna herself. 
She was a veteran in the showbiz industry from Starling Media and an extremely experienced manager. 
Luna had caught wind of Mia's endless grumbles before the door was even open. 
When the door swung open, Luna was stunned by Mia's alluring beauty. 
However, Mia's rude words left Luna with a negative impression. 
Luna's mood soured as her brows furrowed; she cast a look of doubt towards Mia. 
Right at that moment, Megan emerged from her room. 
Calmly, she made her way towards Luna and greeted her politely. 
"Good morning Ms.Luna.My name is Megan."
Megan locked gazes with Luna. 
Megan had an intense and profound gleam in her eyes.Her bright gaze felt as if she could read every emotion like an open book. 
Unconsciously, Luna averted her eyes. 
"Let's go.I'll bring the both of you to the company and explain the situation," Luna instructed. 
When they arrived at Starling Media, Megan took a stroll around the familiar compound. 
The familiar rooms of Starling Media held painful memories of her past. 
On the other hand, Luna paused to drop by a dressing room. 
Inside, several girls were getting prepared. 
An equal look of shock flashed across their faces when they caught sight of Mia. 
Mia's extraordinary looks made her stand out like an elegant swan amongst a group of ducklings. 
It was no wonder that they were stunned by her beauty. 
On the other hand, Mia made no move to conceal her pride as they stared at her with admiration. 
Instead, she lifted her chin up with pride and basked in their shocked stares. 
Right at that moment, a black and luxurious limousine pulled up at the entrance of the company. 
The door opened to reveal Jacinta, the famous celebrity from Starling Media. 
Three assistants trailed dutifully after her as she walked.
Her extravagant appearance was a shock to the onlookers. 
"I'm afraid that I'll never be able to achieve such a high status even in my past life" 
Megan murmured to herself.Mia couldn't help but laugh coldly when she heard Megan mumbling to herself. 
In her eyes, Jacinta was a lowly nobody. 
My goal is to become an international superstar renowned all over the globe! One day, Starling Media will be mine!
###Chapter 3120
Now that Jacinta had arrived, Luna shifted her attention to Jacinta immediately. 
Quickly, Luna instructed Megan and Mia to wait for her as she accompanied Jacinta. 
Whilst waiting, Mia eavesdropped on the conversation between a group of girls beside her. 
They were in the midst of a discussion regarding the low salary they received from the commercials they'd done. 
One of the girls complained that she'd only received ten thousand. 
On the other hand, Mia was utterly astonished at the immense amount of money. 
Initially, she thought that the two thousand that she obtained from Felix and Megan was already a huge amount. 
However... 
it seems like I can reach even greater heights! Mia's greediness grew as she mulled over the money. 
"Luna, when can I begin shooting commercials?" she asked eagerly when Luna returned. 
Luna's eyes darkened as she turned to address Mia. 
Under Mia's hopeful gaze, Luna handed her a stack of papers. 
"Coincidentally, there are a few companies looking to collaborate with us. Why don't you try them out?" 
"Wow! I can work right away!" Mia exclaimed in delight.
Little did she know, the lists Luna had given her contained unwanted collaborations. 
The list had been discarded by the women in the dressing room, as the pay offered by these jobs was significantly lower. 
Luna decided to hand it over to Mia since everyone was unwilling to work with those corporations. 
Luna frowned upon Mia's blatant greed. 
Immediately, she disliked Mia due to her crude personality. 
Thus, Luna decided to teach Mia a lesson by giving her the list. 
Although Megan saw through Luna's plans, she did not reveal her schemes. 
"Ms.Luna, do you have anything arranged for me?" she asked. 
Luna was only reminded of Megan's presence after she spoke up. 
Carefully, she scrutinized Megan. 
Megan had a blandly ordinary face and tan skin. 
Luna couldn't help but shake her head in hopelessness. 
Luna couldnt assign any tasks for Megan due to her looks. 
Despite Mia's unknown background, she had stunningly good looks. 
On the other hand, Megan was a different story. 
"Why don't you follow me first?"
Luna uttered after a brief moment of contemplation. 
With that, she turned on her heel and left. 
Mia stared at the list clutched in her hands with excitement. 
In the midst of her joy, she turned to Megan with a mocking smirk. 
"I told you not to come, yet you still insisted.Look at you now; you don't have a job.How are you going to live without a job? You wouldn't even have enough money for food in the future! Haha!" 
Yet, Megan ignored Mia's jeers. 
From afar, she caught sight of an someone she detested -- Jacinta's personal manager, Dominic. 
Isn't he being too personal? Regardless of the importance, every matter regarding Jacinta would be carefully inspected by Dominic and required his approval. 
Why can't I escape the misfortunes of my past life? Megan couldn't help but despair as she looked at Dominic. 
"Luna, have you found a suitable assistant for Jacinta yet?" 
Dominic stormed over and questioned. 
His sharp gaze fixated on Mia as he talked; it felt as if he was a hawk scrutinizing its prey. 
"Are they the new artists who just signed with the company? Luna, you already have Jacinta.It would be difficult for you to handle these newbies." 
Foolishly, Mia assumed that Dominic was being concerned for their sake.
Dominic also had striking features. 
Quickly, she put on a seductive gaze in an attempt to gain his favor. 
It wasn't the first time Jacinta had expressed her disapproval towards Luna for taking in new artists. 
Yet, Megan chose not to comment any further. 
"Ah, pass this on to Jacinta.Tomorrow..." Luna explained. 
Trying to find a new assistant for Jacinta was a daunting task. 
All of a sudden, Luna recalled that Megan was right behind her. 
Since Megan is jobless right now, she might receive some exposure if she's seen with Jacinta.After all, Megan is a new artist whom I handpicked myself. 
Jacinta wouldn't be unsatisfied with my choice. 
Seeing how Luna paused in the middle of her conversation, Megan understood her intentions immediately. 
Even in this life, I can't break free from Jacinta. 
"You are Megan, right? Are you quick on your feet?" 
Luna hastily tried her best to prevent Megan from speaking up. 
Naturally, Mia picked up on Dominic's reason for approaching Luna. 
"Luna, although my sister is untalented in acting, she can do any rough work that is demanded of her!" Mia added with enthusiasm.
Upon hearing Mia's words, Dominic's face darkened. 
It took Mia a brief moment before she realized that she'd landed herself in hot water. 
Instead of gaining their favor, Dominic's scowl deepened as he glared at her. 
Even Luna gave Mia a look of disapproval. 
Under their sharp gazes, Mia backed away awkwardly.
###Chapter 3121
Dominic was responsible for picking up Jacinta. 
Along the way, he began to ramble on about Jacinta's preferences and habits. 
Jacinta only drank tea to maintain her figure, and she only ate medium-rare steak... 
Despite her odd quirks, Megan memorized all of the information diligently. 
To an ordinary person, such elaborate demands might seem extreme. 
In her past life, Megan had made the mistake of overlooking the details. 
Once, she'd accidentally served Jacinta tea that was too hot. 
Enraged, Jacinta had hurled the tea in her face. 
The scalding water nearly disfigured her face. 
Now that she experienced Jacinta's wrath, Megan was extra careful. 
In the pantry, she coincidentally bumped into Donna. 
"Hello Donna" she called out. 
"I am Megan. I recently signed with Starling Media as an artist." 
"You are an artist?" Donna exclaimed loudly in a jolt of momentary shock. 
Quickly, she covered her mouth in order to stifle her voice as Jacinta was right outside.
As she boiled the tea, Megan noticed that Donna's friendly behavior was much more approachable in comparison to Dominic's stern attitude. 
As Megan brought the freshly boiled tea out of the pantry, she caught sight of Jacinta immediately. 
Jacinta picked at her manicured nails as she talked to Dominic. 
"What is Jonas's schedule today?" 
"This is his schedule for today" 
Dominic replied politely and handed her a phone. 
Seizing her chance, Megan stepped forward to serve the tea. 
"Ms.Jacinta, here is your tea." 
Jacinta was in no hurry to drink the tea. 
Instead, she swiped a crimson red nail across the screen as she read Jonas’ schedule. 
"Why has he paired with her for the drama again?" 
Jacinta snarled in displeasure as she hurled the phone away. 
After her outburst, Jacinta finally noticed the tea.As she picked the cup up for a sip, Jacinta's piercing gaze landed on Megan. 
"Ugh, why are you serving tea right now? Can't you see that I'm in a bad mood? Are you even competent?" 
Jacinta set the tea aside and reprimanded Megan out of the blue.
Megan remained silent in the face of Jacinta's reprimanding.She knew that Jacinta was merely using her as a source to vent her frustrations. 
Of course, she couldn't expect Dominic to defend her too. 
"Should I visit him?" 
Jacinta suggested on impulse. 
"You need a valid reason to visit him on set.You shouldn't act rashly" 
Dominic rambled in panic as he tried to advise her. 
With Jacinta's current reputation, the paparazzi were hounding her every move. 
Maybe Jacinta felt enraged as her plans to visit Jonas on set had been forcibly canceled. 
Or maybe, Dominic had whispered insults about Megan into Jacinta's ear. 
Megan's days as Jacinta's assistant became increasingly difficult as she suffered under Jacinta’s torment. 
She would order Megan to mop the floor, clear the vanity, and do countless other jobs. 
Yet, Megan executed her tasks with perfection. 
Jacinta was unable to find any faults with Megan. 
"You, come here and help me with my shoes, Jacinta called and beckoned Megan over in an attempt to humiliate her.Now that she was in a bad mood, Jacinta planned to vent her anger on
Megan.Furthermore, her new assistant had an unattractive look that was unpleasant to her eyes.Looking at Megan's face seemed to add fuel to Jacinta's furious flames. 
"Come here, put on my shoes for me!" 
Jacinta called out again and lifted her leg in anticipation for Megan to tend to her needs. 
Yet, Megan remained rooted firmly in spot. 
She wants me to help her with her shoes? Isn't such a lowly act too humiliating? Naturally, Donna understood that a young woman like Megan wouldn't be able to endure such embarrassment. 
"Jacinta, why don't you let me handle it? She might injure you by accident" Donna replied on behalf of Megan. 
Just as she was about to assist Jacinta, Jacinta landed a harsh kick on Donna that sent her tumbling backwards.
###Chapter 3122
"I asked her to help me, not you! Don't act without my orders! Megan, get out of here if you aren't going to help!" Jacinta snapped. 
Despite Jacinta's elegant beauty, Megan only felt disgusted when she witnessed her revolting behavior. 
"How can assistants these days act so boldly? Dominic, didn't you tell Luna that I want a proper assistant? Instead, I have a wannabe star serving me!" Jacinta grumbled endlessly. 
Immediately, Megan felt a hint of unease. 
It seems like Dominic had meddled with something behind the scenes. 
Jacinta had taken an instant distaste towards Megan as she was a new artist scouted by Luna. 
Yet, Megan refused to be an easy target of Jacinta's bullying. 
Megan stepped forward and picked up Jacinta’s high- heeled shoe. 
"Ms.Jacinta, you think too highly of me.I am just an ordinary assistant.On the other hand, my younger sister has the true talent of an actress." 
"Mia? What sort of talent does she even have!" 
In a haze of rage, Jacinta slammed her hand on the table as she stared maliciously at the commercial flyer on the table. 
It seemed like Jacinta imagined Mia's face plastered on the paper, and would set it on fire if Mia's face appeared on the flyer.
Megan managed to twist the situation in her favor. 
With a few meager words, she managed to pit Jacinta against Mia. 
How could an arrogant superstar like Jacinta allow another person to surpass her? Naturally, Jacinta shifted the brunt of her fury from Megan to Mia instead. 
Dominic was helpless.He wanted to prevent discord, yet Megan had brought up Mia. 
Angrily, he gave Megan a ferocious glare. 
Yet, Megan remained unruffled. 
Who cares if he hates me? As long as I can turn Jacinta and Mia against each other, his hatred means nothing. 
Without Jacinta making her life difficult, Megan finally had the chance to come home early. 
When she reached their rental home, she bumped into Mia by coincidence. 
Mia had gotten a makeover, and no longer resembled a village girl. 
Instead, Mia's new appearance gave her a very fashionable and sleek style. 
Seeing Megan's exhausted state, Mia couldn't help but jeer at her cruelly. 
"I would have left if I were you! You came here to chase your dreams of becoming a star.Instead, you've become a lowly assistant.To put things bluntly, you are nothing more but a servant! I feel sorry for you." 
"Really? I don't think it's that bad to follow Jacinta around.Do you know who I met today? I met your favorite male idol- Jonas" Megan replied airily.
Her nonchalant response ignited Mia's fury. 
"What's so great about that? One day, I'll crush Jacinta under my feet.How dare that old hag even talk to Jonas!" Mia shrieked. 
With that, she stormed to her room and slammed the door shut with a loud bang. 
The next few days went by without a hitch for Megan. 
Occasionally, Jacinta raised a few questions about Mia. 
It seemed like Megan managed to secure the knot of hatred between Jacinta and Mia. 
As Mia hadn't risen to a high position in the company yet, it would be like taking candy from a baby for Jacinta to deal with her. 
Yet, both women didn't meet very often. 
Naturally, Jacinta wouldn't fixate all of her energy on someone she couldn't meet. 
After a few days, Jacinta had shoved Mia to the back of her mind and nearly forgot about her entirely. 
Now that Jacinta had lost interest, Megan was cornered and was left with no other options. 
Regardless, I will never allow Mia to rise to fame before me! In her moment of despair, an idea began to form in her head. 
In the previous life, Mia had risen to fame after she starred in a perfume commercial that originally belonged to Jacinta. 
Due to the commercial that Felix directed, Mia earned the public's attention and countless fans.
As a result of her popularity, Mia earned the title as the Official Representative of Starling Media. 
At that time, Jacinta had botched the perfume commercial. 
In an act of desperation, the investors urgently pushed for Mia to act in her place. 
Because of the commercial’s success, Mia rose to fame. 
After her appearance, she received countless invitations to appear on television and variety shows. 
Following that, she began to star in more commercials... 
When Jacinta wanted to bring Mia down, Mia had already become an irreplaceable artist of Starling Media. 
She was literally untouchable due to her immense fame.
###Chapter 3123
In order to prevent Mia from rising to fame, all Megan needed to do was to cut off any potential endorsements. 
Yet, Megan was not in a particularly favorable position. 
Not only was she a lowly assistant, but she also did not have the fame nor looks. 
The investors would be utter fools if they allowed her to shoot the commercial. 
There were still six months before Mia would obtain the commercial. 
it's February now... 
A brilliant idea struck Megan's mind. 
All of a sudden, she recalled the famous drama, Transcendent, that had begun airing in October previously. 
Transcendent rose to extreme fame in the drama industry. 
In fact, its fame was on par with Friends from A Nation. 
It was considered one of Felix's most famous works. 
If she had the chance to star in the drama, Megan was sure that she wouldn't land the role of the female lead nor a likable character. 
If she wanted to leave a memorable impact on the audience, the role of a villainess would suit her perfectly.
The second villainess in the drama was particularly memorable as the audience came to hate her with a burning passion. 
Her wickedness resembled the Devil himself. 
Besides, part of Transcendent's explosive popularity could be associated to the superb acting skills of the antagonist. 
Because of her immersive and realistic acting, the audience felt genuinely terrified when the female lead was tortured by the villainess. 
Megan had done an analysis of the character of Princess Madeline in her past life. 
The actress who played the role was relatively unknown before the drama. 
Instead, she relied on her solid acting skills and became an international sensation with the release of this drama. 
In the original novel, Princess Madeline had a very extensive description. 
Although she was an antagonist, the author had written the character with detailed descriptions. 
As a result, the character stood out in the story. 
Princess Madeline gained both fans and haters due to her pitiful backstory; she had become a villain after being mercilessly bullied by others. 
If she could land the role, Megan wouldn't have to worry about endorsements anymore. 
Yet, Megan was aware that she could not participate in the drama with her current status.
Even if she rebirthed again, it would be difficult for her to even play the role of a background character, let alone the main villainess. 
"What on earth is wrong with this director? I should just quit." 
Jacinta seethed in anger as she threw another tantrum. 
The crew couldn't meet Jacinta's acting requirements as her schedule was already arranged until next year. 
Hearing Jacinta's statement, Megan thought of Felix. 
I might have a chance if I earn Felix's recommendation! As Megan had saved Felix's number in her phone, she quickly contacted him. 
Megan had managed to purchase a phone by taking out part of her savings. 
Although the phone wasn't particularly modern, it contained basic Internet functions. 
The software had also preinstalled Twitter. 
These apps were more than sufficient. 
Felix? Hearing his name, Megan beamed in delight. 
How could I have forgotten about Felix? Megan had been pondering over the casting selection for a few days now. 
She didn't have any fame nor did she recognize anyone powerful in the acting industry. 
How am I supposed to land the role of Princess Madeline? Yet, Jacinta's tantrum reminded her of Felix.
He had always given her special treatment. 
With that, Megan made the decision to contact Felix. 
As a person working in showbiz, it was difficult to obtain the number of a director. 
Megan stared at the strings of numbers on her phone before she made the hefty decision to call him. 
Yet, her phone call went to voicemail after a long moment. 
Despite that, Megan did not give up. 
Instead, she drafted a short message: Dear Felix, I'd like to ask about the cast for the upcoming drama - Transcendent. 
Do you know if they ate in the midst of selecting the cast right now? Without rambling on, Megan cut straight to the chase. 
Right at that moment, Felix was in the midst of a grand banquet. 
With a smile, he patted on the shoulder of the director responsible for Transcendent. 
"Allow me to introduce a person for the role of Princess Madeline! I'm confident that she'll be the perfect cast!" 
On the other hand, Jacinta went on a strike after she received the call as her requests weren't met.
###Chapter 3124
Chanter 3124 
"What are you waiting for? Go and inform Luna and ask her to think of a way" 
Dominic instructed Megan as he tried contacting other people. 
Jacinta sounded as if it was an easy task, but to Megan, she knew Luna would never agree to it because Jacinta obviously had an ulterior motive. 
"Come on! Get going." 
Jacinta was peeved when she saw Megan hesitating instead of taking action. 
Megan had no other choice but to go. 
Luna is an experienced manager. 
There's no way she'll say yes just because of your own selfish interest. 
It's not just about the production budget, but it's also about the whole visual effect of the film. 
Luna is definitely gonna give me a good scolding for even making such a request. 
Gloom settled over Megan's face as she walked out of the studio. 
Just as she was about to reach the entrance, she felt a familiar and yet scarring presence from afar. 
Herman? They met a few months earlier than they did in the past. 
Megan froze on the spot when her gaze located that man.
Herman noticed a piercing gaze directed toward him and he lifted his head.He then walked past Megan, heading toward Mia instead. 
"Morning." His voice called Megan back to reality although he was actually greeting Mia. 
By the time Megan snapped out of her daze and turned to look at her sister, Herman already had his arm over Mia's shoulder. 
Herman's voice betrayed a hint of flattery, but Mia did not seem excited to see him at all—not until she spotted Megan. 
"Megan, meet Herman, my senior." 
The way she introduced him sounded as if she was bragging. 
Past memories came flooding back and a wave of bitter sadness engulfed Megan as she beheld the familiar face.Her emotion gripped her so she was unable to move an inch. 
"Hi, we meet again." 
Herman waved at her. 
Wait... 
Is he waving at me? How did he even know me? If her memory about her past life served her right, he should be a famous celebrity by now already. 
There was no way he would know a nobody like herself. 
"Hi." 
It was not until a cold voice rang behind her that she understood what was going on.
Megan turned around and saw Mia.So he’s talking to her...lt seems like they also knew each other very early in this life too. 
Mia's tone was dismissive at first, but when she saw Megan, her face suddenly lit up in feigned enthusiasm. 
"Meghan, this is Herman.He's another celebrity in our company.He's our senior" she introduced, "Herman, meet my sister, Megan. She's working under Jacinta now." 
Her tone was conspicuously belittling, so much so that it elicited a lofty smile on Herman's face.He shot her a brief nod and looked back at Mia with a sweet smile. 
Megan felt an urge to spring toward him and kill him right away. 
She wanted him to taste all the pain she had gone through in their past life. 
There was no way she would feel appeased without returning to him ten, or even hundredfold what he had put her through. 
Megan could not bear looking at those two despicable faces any longer.She would puke anytime. 
"Nice to meet you" Megan said tritely and walked off. 
She could hear both of them making remarks about her as she turned away. 
"She's your sister? Please forgive my honesty, but she's no way close to you though." 
Mia chuckled softly as the people around them started gossiping as well. 
"She looks like she's from the slum.Are you sure you guys are from the same family, Mia?"
"Well, we're not, actually." 
"I see.I didn't know Starling Media has a buy one get one free policy." 
Megan ignored their snarky comments. 
She simply waited inside after she asked when Luna would be back. 
Over on the outside, something interesting seemed to be happening. 
After some time, a young woman made a grand entrance into the pantry. 
Megan could recognize her.She could not believe an insignificant figure like Yara would one day become someone so important to Starling Media. 
Yara's eyes were red as she looked at Megan after she rushed in with a cup of coffee in her hand. 
It went without saying someone just scolded her. 
Megan held out a piece of tissue toward her without asking her what happened. 
"Be careful.Your coffee looks hot."
###Chapter 3125
"Thanks." 
Yara was surprised Megan took the first step and showed her kindness. 
No one in showbiz had ever been nice to her. 
Gratitude sparkled in Yara's eyes without Megan herself noticing. 
"I'll get going first." 
Megan left when she heard Luna's voice from the pantry. 
Behind her, Yara almost broke out in tears again because of Megan's small act of kindness. 
Jacinta had already been waiting for some time when Megan came back. 
As expected, Luna could not promise them anything because Jonas was not under Starling Media and he was also an equally sought-after celebrity. 
When Jacinta found out nothing could be done, a gush of anger overtook her. 
"What a useless piece of sh*t.What's the use of having a good-for-nothing like you around me?" 
She got on her feet and pinched Megan on the arm, but that was not enough for her to vent her frustration. 
She stomped her platform heels on Megan's foot in anger, and the latter felt like Jacinta was drilling a hole through her foot.
When Dominic had finally gone off with Jacinta, Donna quickly ran over and helped Megan to the ground. 
"Are you okay? What a b*tch.You should just stop working here." 
Donna had been getting along well with Megan throughout the past few days. 
Donna's heart raced every time she saw Megan being bullied. 
After some time, Megan finally got on her feet and looked at her with her lips pale. 
"I'm fine." 
Just you wait and see. 
When Megan reached home at night, her foot was all swollen and she could not even walk normally without limping. 
Why does she keep torturing me in this life too? She might as well just sack me, but she just doesn't want to! Now I have to put up with all this just because I want to get revenge. I’m not gonna back out now.I'll see to it that you pay for what you did to me. 
Ring! Megan's phone rang when she was deep in thought. 
She wondered who it was since there were not a lot of people on her contact list, but the name on the screen alerted her. 
Felix? 
"Hi, Felix, Megan speaking." 
He was the only person she could count on now.
"Do you know Transcendent?" 
"Yeah.I'm actually interested in auditioning for one of the characters in the movie, but I'm not sure if..." 
"Which character do you want to try?" 
Felix seemed more enthusiastic than Megan was. 
"Madeline!" 
It did not take Megan a second thought to blurt out Princess Madeline's name. 
This was the character she could relate to the most. 
Princess Madeline had her own ego and bottom line. 
Megan waited over the phone for Felix to reply after she gave her answer, but a long pause ensued. 
She was beginning to worry that Felix might not agree to her trying out that role. 
Little did she know, Felix fell into silence because that was exactly what he had in mind. 
She definitely came off as a suitable candidate who could pull off Princess Madeline's character when he first met her at Summerbank. 
Megan was left anxious as she waited in silence. 
"Why did you choose Madeline? She's not one of the favorite characters.Don't you know a lot of celebrities’ careers had a bad start because they chose a less popular character?" 
What Felix said made sense.
The first appearance before the audience mattered. 
It was a matter of failure and success for a star. 
Even if Megan managed to pull off the role, she still would not be liked by the public because the character was an evil second lead. 
It would be difficult for her career to take off if she chose this role. 
That was why most celebrities avoided playing the antagonist. 
"I'm aware of that, Felix, but I think she's the person I can resonate with the most" 
Megan had already made up her mind. 
She knew playing Princess Madeline would only make her career skyrocket. 
"Alright then.I'll arrange an audition for you" 
Felix finally agreed, "But I'm telling you in advance that Adam has very high standards.All I can do is recommend you.You'll have to seize the opportunity and showcase yourself."
###Chapter 3126  
"I will.Thanks, Felix." 
Megan was extremely grateful for such an opportunity. 
She was not expecting Felix to agree to her request so readily.She was finally seeing the light at the end of the tunnel. 
It was understandable that Adam set his bar high. 
This was the only way directors could ensure the quality of their production. 
Early the next morning, Megan went to work with a limping leg. 
Although Jacinta was still reluctant to act, there was no way Luna would let her withdraw from the cast. 
The show was about positive workplace culture. 
Although Luna knew this would not turn out to be a big hit among the younger audience, Jacinta needed an optimistic role like this to advance her career. 
Mia was also under Luna's guidance in the past life. 
There were a few crises in her acting career, but she managed to turn things to her advantage and grew in popularity because of Luna. 
When Megan arrived at the company, Luna and Jacinta were already not around. 
Megan felt relieved at their absence and she went to get some things ready for the filming later on. 
"Megan, have you ever thought about being an actress?" Donna asked her during the break.
It was clear as day that there was no future for Megan if she continued staying in Jacinta's shadow. 
"Yeah, I did, but it's just not the time yet." 
"Good for you.Take your slow" 
When the two came outdoors again in the afternoon, they heard a shrill voice reverberating through the air. 
"You screwed up the endorsement deal?" 
It seemed like Teresa was lashing out at Yara because she messed up an endorsement. 
Yara stood in front of her with her eyes red. 
All the celebrities at Starling Media were known for their impetuous temper. 
This was nothing new for Donna already. 
As for Megan, she had been through a similar situation herself. 
Her adversary, however, did not make her a mean or cold person. 
Megan was still able to comfort other people when she herself was suffering. 
That made a good impression on Donna. 
After Teresa went off, Megan went over. 
"It's okay.You'll become better next time." 
Although Yara did not say anything, Megan understood the appreciation in her wet eyes.
Soon after, Jacinta came back together with Luna. 
Luna seemed to be in a good mood, but Jacinta pulled a long face coming back. 
Likewise, Dominic looked equally dismayed. 
"Where were you, lazy bum?" 
Jacinta snarled at Megan when she saw her. 
When Luna saw her, an inexplicable glint shone in her eyes as she took out a document from her bag. 
"Megan, you have an audition tomorrow.Make sure you practice well for it." 
"An audition? Her?" 
Jacinta scowled, "She's just a country girl.What can she do?" 
Speaking, she snatched the document out of Luna's hands. 
"Ha! A villain who frames the female lead but refuses to admit it even when people find out about it? Suits you!" 
A ridiculing smile curved on Jacinta's face as she threw the document on the floor. 
"But, Luna, I need to go to the set in two days’ time.I need someone to attend to me." 
Jacinta was throwing a tantrum because she was jealous. 
"Jacinta, we've already got everything ready" 
Donna interrupted.
Luna looked at everybody and made up her mind. 
"Donna and Dominic will be making sure you have everything you need.Megan needs to focus on her audition." 
The truth was, even Luna herself was perplexed Megan landed a good opportunity like this. 
Megan did not have what it took to secure resources or pull some strings, yet the director of Transcendent called and named her specifically. 
Luna did not see why she should reject the offer, but she really had no idea how Megan ended up being nominated. 
Megan ignored the fuming actress beside her and looked at Luna in the eyes. 
"Thanks for giving me this opportunity." 
Luna knew full well she did nothing to help Megan. 
"Who do you think you are? Can you even act? Please don't embarrass yourself." 
Jacinta insulted her and walked off without turning back. 
Following behind her, Dominic shot her a condescending glare and whipped his head dramatically as he went away.
###Chapter 3127
"All the best, Megan." 
Donna assured her before leaving with Jacinta. 
After everyone was gone, Yara came over and congratulated her softly. 
"I'm sure you'll ace it" 
Megan looked at the woman before her and smiled. 
She could not imagine how Yara would turn out to be one of Starling Media's biggest pillars in the future. 
"You can do this too," Megan told her. 
When Megan arrived at the set the next day, there were already a lot of other celebrities there.Some of them were familiar faces she had seen from the past life. 
She could tell with just a glance that everyone present had both the looks and talent. 
None of them would be here if they could not meet Adam's impossible standards. 
Not long after Megan was seated, she spotted Mia coming in with an assistant. 
"Hey, Megan, I didn't know assistants get to come too." 
Megan looked away without replying, wondering why Mia got a chance to try out this role. 
"Are you dumb? You should be ashamed of the ad you took.I'd hide at home if I were you"
Now that Mia mentioned the advertisement with Felix, Megan finally understood how Luna secured a spot for Mia at this audition. 
Megan sensed many eyes were on them. 
"I bet Luna doesn't like too much negative publicity among her celebrities." 
Yet Mia showed no sign of relenting. 
She grabbed the script from Megan's hands and browsed through it.It did not take long before her blood raged in anger. 
"Luna recommended you?" 
Mia's face was contorted with jealousy.She thought Luna only thought highly of herself.She even told her how this was a once-in-a- lifetime opportunity. 
Turned out, Megan was also here. 
"Yeah." 
Megan's trite answer provoked her sister. 
"Well, it's just Madeline.You won't even get a chance with me around" 
Mia had always had the upper hand over Megan. 
Garret preferred her over Megan, and Luna seemed to like her more as well. 
This emboldened Mia and she felt she would win this time for sure, but Megan kept giving her the cold shoulder, so she went off after teasing her.
Since Megan still had some time before her turn, she took out her phone and checked Felix's commercial. 
Wow. 
Look at this girl.She's really got what it takes.She looks so pure and sweet! Look at the girl at the back.She's not bad too. 
Oh my gosh, this girl is so damn pretty.I'm obsessed. 
Her beauty is timeless. 
Megan scrolled through all the comments and realized Mia had totally overshadowed her. 
Everyone was looking at her face and her body. 
It went without saying that this commercial brought Mia to fame. 
It was only reasonable that she was given a chance to come today, but Megan did not seem perturbed at all. 
This was also how life was in the past life. 
Mia's appearance had always brought her innumerable benefits. 
But I wonder which role is she trying for?Don't tell me she's also auditioning for Princess Madeline. 
The audition for the male and female lead was yesterday, and they were choosing the side characters and the antagonists today. 
"Number 36 from Starling Media—Mia Rockford!"
Mia walked past Megan with her nose high in the air, trying to show off that she was given special treatment to cut the queue. 
After she got on stage, she spread her gaze across all the judges before making a simple self- introduction. 
Her gesture was enough to win the hearts of many, not to mention her irresistible looks.
###Chapter 3128
Some of the investors were already nodding at Mia since the very beginning. 
It was clear that she left a good impression. 
Right after, Mia told them she was interested in trying out Princess Madeline's character. 
The adjudicators’ eyes glimmered in approval. 
They had earlier on heard that the director had recommended a certain Ms.Rockford. 
It seemed like she was really someone promising. 
Their reaction made Mia feel confident. 
She surveyed their expressions and was certain that she was just a step away from having her casting confirmed, but to her dismay, Adam still asked her to proceed on with the audition. 
She thought she already nailed it when all the investors looked impressed. 
Even for her other projects where she was invited for an audition, it was just all for the sake of formality. 
The directors had never really required her to compete for a role. 
Mia was taken by surprise when Adam insisted on her acting at the audition, yet she quickly collected herself and accepted the challenge. 
What's the big deal? it's just an entitled and pampered princess. 
I'm gonna pull this off.
Mia played the princess naturally and she even altered some of the lines because she was so in the role. 
"Do you want her or do you want me?" she projected her voice coquettishly with a shy face. 
She pointed her shaky fingers into the empty space, imagining the male lead in front of her. 
Her acting struck a jarring note. 
All the judges—except for a plump middle-aged man—looked at her with their eyes wide open in disbelief. 
They were far from being satisfied, especially Adam. 
What is she doing? Madeline is supposed to be a powerful nation's princess. 
She's not some girl next door! She's supposed to be talking to the enemy's son, who also happens to be the person she loves. 
The panel stared at her speechlessly as she butchered the role. 
"Ms.Rockford, please try out the lines on the next page of the script." 
Although Adam was still talking in a polite manner, his patience was already wearing thin. 
"Of course!" 
Mia replied readily with a smile. 
She thought she had already passed this scene.She took a deep breath to adjust her mood. 
"Are you casting me aside now? Don't you know I'm a princess?"
As expected, Adam stopped her before she even finished acting out that scene. 
"Ms.Rockford? You may leave first.We'll notify your manager in three days’ time." 
Mia was still totally clueless.She walked out of the room with her head held high, thinking she would get the role for sure. 
As for Megan, she had no idea what happened in the audition room. 
All she knew was that Mia came back out again far sooner than she expected. 
"Don't try too hard, Megan, cause I'm gonna get the role" 
Mia goaded. 
Megan ignored her and read through the script again to make sure she understood the character clearly. 
"Number 37 from Starling Media, Megan Rockford!" 
Someone called out her name just as she was done reading through. 
"Good luck getting another extra role," 
Mia said offensively as she walked away, making sure everybody could hear her. 
As she planned, all the actors and actresses turned their heads toward Megan. 
Megan went into the room without minding those people, but she was immediately taken aback when she got in. 
All the directors and investors were seated neatly in a row, and they looked solemn and stern.
Am I in the right place? 
"Hi, my name is Megan Rockford.I'm here to try out Madeline's role" she introduced herself softly. 
She saw their facial expression darkened as she spoke. 
This was because everyone was having a hard tire finding a suitable cast for this character, especially after Mia completely misinterpreted that character. 
This was not an easy character to play. 
To most of the investors, they wanted to settle for just anyone popular to drive up viewership, but Adam was picky. 
Megan knew he had his own set of criteria. 
"Megan Rockford? Are you related to Mia Rockford?"
###Chapter 3129
A man's severe voice came from the middle of the row after Megan's self-introduction. 
Beside him, Adam did not even lift his head to look at her.He seemed like he could not wait to get it over with. 
"I'm Mia's older sister." Adam finally looked up briefly. 
"Didn't we say we're not casting rookies?" 
The investors were unhappy about it. 
They felt this was a compromise of their production quality. 
They cast their questioning glare at Adam, wondering what he was thinking. 
Their reaction was understandable. 
Megan did not have an appearance that stood her out among the others. 
Besides, Mia's performance did not give the judges a good impression. 
"Ms.Rockford, I think we're done for the day.You may leave now.We'll let you know the result soon," Adam suddenly said. 
He did not seem keen on letting Megan have a go. 
Megan was dumbfounded. 
If they had already predetermined a candidate, Megan could totally understand why Adam asked her to just give up, but they were the ones who asked her to come in.
To the director, he might have the luxury of choosing from a pool of talents, but to Megan, this was her only chance, and she would not give in so easily. 
"Three minutes.Give me three minutes, Mr.Kennedy." 
There was no legitimate reason for Adam to deny her a small favor like this, so he relented. 
"Make it quick." 
Adam disregarded the disapproving glares of the investors and waved his hand dismissively to hurry her up.He actually did not want to give her another chance, but somehow, he could not resist her compelling gaze. 
Maybe the two sisters are really different. 
Adam was far from being disappointed. 
Everyone held their breaths in astonishment when they saw Megan's sudden change in expression as she got ready to play the role. 
She was dressed in humble apparel, yet her demeanor was like no other. 
If she was a harmless puppy just now, she would be a fierce tiger right now. 
Her bloodshot eyes fixed unwaveringly at the people as incipient tears rolled in her eyes. 
Even the producer who was watching from above felt a chill run down his spine. 
He looked at the back from the corner of his eyes as he sensed the air turned cold behind him. 
It was as if Megan was possessed and suddenly became another person.
Grit and agitation sparkled in her otherwise painfully common eyes. 
It was as if Princess Madeline suddenly came to life, and she was facing up with the prince of her rival country. 
Her lips parted without her noticing as the prince interrogated her on why she framed the female lead. 
Words stuck in her mouth and the veins on her forehead became increasingly obvious. 
She had her dignified gaze stubbornly fixated on the prince. 
Her impeccable acting skills managed to soothe the frown on Adam's face, and for the first time since the first actress came in, a smile played on his lips. 
"Madeline..." one of the investors blurted out without even himself realizing as he watched Megan closely. 
Megan was so immersed in the role she did not even realize someone coming on stage. 
Time went on as she waited for the prince to reply, but her wishful anticipation waned off as the man stayed silent. 
Her face gradually turned cold and heartless until she looked back up at him again. 
The glimmer of hope subsided in her eyes as she drilled her icy glare into the prince. 
"Are you casting me aside now? Don't you know I'm a princess?" 
Madeline was not looking for an answer, but rather, she was reminding the prince who he was dealing with.
"Bravo! Bravo!" 
Adam stood up and applauded. 
It was not that there were no other actresses who managed to pull this off, but their take on this scene was totally different. 
All of them saw this as a hopeful scene, but not Megan.
###Chapter 3130
Princess Madeline was brought up in the palace and she was a lady trained in all the royal etiquettes. 
When she reminded the prince that she was a princess, she was putting an end to her childish wish of falling in love with the prince. 
All that was left between them was revenge and animosity. 
Megan finally stopped her performance and resumed her real self. 
She was the same village girl again, and the determination in her eyes was gone. 
Among the panel of judges, she spotted a middle-aged woman who smiled in satisfaction. 
It was none other than the author of the novel. 
From her reaction, Megan knew she did a good job. 
She waited as the producer and investors whispered among themselves. 
After some discussion, they turned toward her. 
"Megan Rockford, right? Tell us more about yourself, like what other movies or dramas you have starred in previously." 
Megan knew what they were trying to get at. 
In order for a drama to take off, it was not just about having the acting skills. 
One would need a certain level of popularity too.
Mia was not a gifted actress in the past life. 
Most of her works were merely adaptations of novels. 
"I'm a celebrity under Starling Media. 
I've not taken part in any show’ Megan answered honestly since she knew the investors could easily do a background check on her. 
Her answer put a disgruntled frown on many brows because a lack of exposure meant casting her was not a profitable option. 
"Ms.Rockford, I believe you're aware of the risks of casting a newbie.A celeb without any juicy stories won't be good publicity for the drama." 
The investors were candid with regard to their concerns. 
If not for her outstanding performance, Megan would not have even stayed till now. 
"Am I right to assume that you've already approved of my acting?" 
Megan was quick to point out the hidden meaning. 
To be honest, getting public attention was not a problem for Megan. 
Back then when Jacinta bullied her, she had already had a plan laid out. 
She had always wanted to give her a taste of her own medicine. 
It was about time Megan used this to her advantage. 
"You know a drama's success does not totally rely on the actors’ acting skills"
"What if I'm able to attract the public's attention? Does that mean I'll get the role?" 
"Of course," Adam answered before the investors said anything. 
He was completely bought over by this girl Felix recommended after seeing her act for himself. 
If it were not for the investors, he would have agreed to cast her right on the spot. 
"Thanks, Mr.Kennedy.Thanks, everyone." 
Megan nodded at all the judges and went out. 
Behind her, the investors were talking among themselves about Megan's courage. 
"So, how did it go? I hope you're not disappointed." 
Mia was already waiting for Megan at the door when she came out. 
She was totally clueless about what happened in there and she still thought she would win the role. 
That explained her snobbish remarks when she saw her sister. 
Megan spared her a cursory glance and ignored her as usual. 
She had better things to do, like putting her plan into action so she could secure the role as soon as possible.She could still remember from the past life that it was about late October this year that Jonas got into a heated scandal. 
He was wasted and drunk when he ran into a girl. 
This hit the news and everyone started talking about it.
The netizens found out she was just a commoner and Jonas himself even came out to explain that everything was just a pure misunderstanding, but none of the netizens bought it. 
The woman instantly became famous after she got a Twitter account. 
Back then, Mia also mentioned this incident to Luna when she wanted to direct some public attention to herself.
###Chapter 3131
This was the golden opportunity Megan had been waiting for. 
In the past life, the woman who was involved in the scandal with Jonas was a commoner, but this time around, Megan would make sure it was her. 
If people started spreading rumors about him and Jonas, all attention would be on her, but Megan had her own worries still. 
This was a frown upon means to gain public attention. 
A lot of unpopular celebrities liked doing this to get famous, but even after they succeeded, they were not well-liked in showbiz. 
Things might even get worse for them if people found out they were just trying to vie for attention. 
That was what happened to Megan last time. 
Herman would ask her to get close to wealthy businessmen and movie directors just so she could earn more money. 
She made it to the headlines every few days, but that also became the death of her. 
Her reputation spiraled down as time passed, but it was not like she had a choice this time. 
If she did not latch onto Jonas this time, there was no way she would end up getting Madeline's role. 
This was a sacrifice she had to make on her end. 
ONE Bar was just a street away from where Megan was staying.
Luckily, there were a few cafés around, so Megan brought a book and went over to one of the cafés as she waited patiently. 
Jonas did not show up on the first day, so she went over again on the second day. 
The weather was unbearable during the winter, but Megan could only wait. 
Jacinta was busy these few days, so Megan could afford to have some time at her disposal. 
On the third day, Adam called. 
"Megan? We can't wait any longer. 
We have to give the role to someone else." 
"Give me one more day, Mr.Kennedy." 
A resigned sigh came from the phone and the man finally agreed to her request. 
It was past ten already. 
Like the previous two nights, the piercing wind was chilling. 
Drunkards were coming out of ONE Bar in groups, but Jonas was still nowhere to be seen. 
Just when Megan thought this was not the day, a man came into her view. 
Although she had never seen Jonas before, she could still tell with just one glance that he was the one she was waiting for. 
There was a distinctive air about him. 
There was no mistake that he was a celebrity.
The inebriated man stumbled and fumbled as he got out of the bar. 
Megan got up and walked toward the bar as if she did not notice the drunk man. 
She ran into him on purpose and fell right into his arms. 
Jonas squinted his eyes trying to shake off the blurriness in his eyes as something soft and warm fell into his embrace. 
He wrapped his arms around Megan, thinking he was already in his bed. 
Unlike the clueless man, Megan already had everything planned out. 
She did not struggle but let Jonas tighten his arms around her waist. 
She could vaguely hear the camera shutter sound from afar and a victorious smile curved on her lips. 
Finally, I'm getting the role. 
"I'm sorry.Are you okay?" she asked. 
"Who are you?" 
Jonas blinked his eyes hard and stared at her. 
Behind him, his assistant came scrambling out of the bar with his clothes and bag. 
When he saw this scene, he dashed over and apologized profusely. 
"Gosh, he's wasted.Are you okay? I'm so sorry!" 
After assuring the frantic assistant that everything was okay, she turned and went off.
That night, Megan dreamed of everyone who bullied her in the past life, including Mia and Herman. 
She vouched to not let those people trample all over her anymore. 
When Megan went to the company the next day, everyone was looking at her in a queer way. 
Their stares were searching and some less popular celebrities even came over and talked to her in a friendly manner. 
"Megan Rockford, where were you yesterday night?" 
Jacinta was infuriated. 
She glared at Megan as if Megan had just killed her family. 
"You b*tch! Do you think Jonas is someone you can play around with?" 
Jacinta charged at her and bellowed in her ears with spite.
###Chapter 3132
Megan's eyes curved sweetly like a crescent moon as a satisfied smile broke out on her face. 
From how Jacinta was behaving, she could tell her plan worked out well. 
"What are you talking about, Jacinta?" 
"Jacinta! Behave yourself when you're at work!" 
Luna darted over and caught Jacinta, eyeing Megan from the top to the toe. 
Luna had a lot of burning questions about everything that happened, but now that she took a good look at Megan, she could finally understand why. 
{t must be because of Jonas, else a nobody like her will not even make it to the company. 
This is how she gets the chance to audition for Transcendent without my help. 
Luna pulled many strings to get Mia a spot to try this role out. 
To her delight, Mia's performance was impressive and she would get the role—at least that was what Luna was told. 
"Megan, what's going on between you and Jonas?" 
Luna asked incisively as she scrutinized her.She was trying to put a price tag on Megan. 
"Jonas? I don't know him." 
Megan looked at her, perplexed and oblivious.
To Jacinta, Megan was just putting up a front. 
"You don't know him? Then explain what happened! How dare you even touch Jonas!" 
Dominic pulled out his phone and showed Megan the picture. 
When she beheld the photo, her voice quivered in uncertainty. 
"So...this is Jonas? I really don't know him." 
That did not matter to Jacinta. 
To her, Megan's reply confirmed that she was the woman in the photo. 
She was outraged to find out that her assistant manage to seduce Jonas. 
"Who do you think you are? Go look at yourself in the mirror!" 
Suddenly, someone barged in and shouted. 
"Luna! Jonas’ assistant is here with his men!" 
Megan tilted her head and saw the assistant with a few bodyguards behind him. 
She was totally not expecting them to make such an entrance at Starling Media. 
What? This didn't happen in the past life! Megan still had not recovered from the shock even after she was brought to the guest room. 
She quickly scrolled through social media as she walked over and finally had a rough idea of what was going on.
Since it was a college student who was involved in this scandal in the past life, the netizens were unsuspecting, but things were different now with Megan being the person involved. 
People were saying that she was desperate to get famous and that this was just another publicity stunt.She's Megan Rockford.She's a new celebrity under Starling Media.She's just a village girl. 
Go check out this ad, she's one of the extras.Some of the comments were even more hostile. 
Get fost, b*tch. 
Leave my Jonas alone! She's just another cunning little b*tch. 
All the hate comments were one-sided. 
Netizens were pouring in snarky comments, but Megan did not blame them.She bought this upon herself, so she had to face the consequences. 
Over at the guest room, Jonas’ assistant was assertive and his words were acerbic. 
"What's wrong with Starling Media? Can't y'all just keep all the petty tricks to your own celebrities? Look at what Jonas has to face right now!" 
Luna's face turned pale as she glared at Megan.She finally understood what really happened, but she still had to defend the company's reputation. 
"What do you mean? It's not like our celebs are any worse than those at your company!" 
"Are you gonna deny that she set Jonas up?" 
"Are you saying that a celeb from our company knows the exact schedule of another star under your company? You should probably start thinking about why Jonas ended up drunk at a bar!"
Luna was not backing down. 
"Megan Rockford, is this what you want? Popularity?" 
Jonas finally spoke. 
His words were so harsh Megan felt a pang of guilt and shame running through her. 
Back then, she would unreservedly defend herself, but now, she felt hypocritical doing so. 
What Jonas said was right—she did something she despised the most, yet Megan did not regret her decision. 
If she could go back in time, she would still do the same. 
She would do anything to get revenge.
###Chapter 3133
"Megan is cooperating with us to clear Jonas’ name." 
After half an hour, this was the conclusion they reached. 
Luna agreed to Jonas’ assistant's demand and sent them off. 
When she closed the door and looked at Megan again, her face darkened to a deep red as her wrath spread across the whole room. 
Megan knew she was in for it, but it was not like she cared. 
Luna was never nice to her, to begin with. 
Ring! Luna's phone rang just as she was about to lambast Megan. 
"Yes, Mr.Kennedy." she greeted, "Alright, I'll let Mia know right away." 
Mia? Beside her, Megan had her heart stuck at her throat when she heard Mia's name. 
This is impossible! There must be some mistake! Joy was overflowing from Luna's voice. 
"What? Megan?" 
Luna's expression suddenly stiffened. 
"Are you sure? What about Mia?" 
Adam raised his voice over the phone. 
Even Megan could hear he was unhappy about Luna's response.
"I'm so sorry, Mr.Kennedy." 
Luna was quick to recognize her blunder. 
When she finally hung up with a resentful face, Megan was certain that she had gotten the role for sure. 
She originally wanted to teach Megan a good lesson, but now that Adam had told her that Megan had secured the role, it was not like she could lash out at her anymore. 
"Mr.Kennedy said you got Madeline's role in Transcendent.You're going over to sign the contract tomorrow." 
"Thanks, Luna." 
It so happened that Jacinta came over.She had horror written all over her face. 
"What did you just say? She's playing Madeline? What on earth is going on?" 
Although Jacinta would never go for a role like this, she was still discontented that Megan got it. 
"That's not gonna happen, Luna.You know my schedule is packed like crazy these two days!" 
Luna already had everything thought through. 
"Megan will be helping you these two days, then Donna's gonna take over once Megan starts filming." 
Megan was dissatisfied with Luna's arrangement.She would be accepting an acting role soon, so she could not believe she still had to assist Jacinta. 
"Do I still have to work for her?"
After the scandal with Jonas—whether it was true or not —Megan was sure that Jacinta would not make things easy for her. 
"Yes, you have to." 
Luna was uncompromising on this. 
Behind her, Jacinta looked at her smugly. 
Megan knew she would regret crossing Jacinta. 
Jacinta was doing an indoor shoot in the city tomorrow, so there was no excuse for Megan to not follow her. 
Since Jacinta was famous celebrity, she had a dressing room all to herself. 
Inside the room, Dominic was removing Jacinta’s nail polish. 
When Jacinta saw Megan coming in, she seized the opportunity to tease her. 
"What's with that attitude? Do you think you're a real celebrity?" 
Dominic trailed Jacinta's loathing gaze and instantly understood what she wanted. 
"Come over and help since you're so free." 
Speaking, he held out the liquid remover in his hand toward Megan. 
"Come over and help.Make sure you're careful.Her fingers are far more valuable than your life." 
Jacinta nodded at Dominic and he went out.
Megan caught a glimpse of the sinister sparks in his eyes as he left. 
Megan took over and started removing the nail polish diligently. 
Halfway through, Jacinta flung her hand across the bottle of nail polish remover and it came flying toward Megan's face. 
Megan was kneeling on her knees. 
Although she instinctively turned her head away to dodge the bottle, the liquid still spilled on the ends of her hair before flowing down her dress. 
The sickening smell of nail remover wafted through the room in no time. 
"Look at what you've done! You're useless!" 
Jacinta took a step backward and pinched her nose in disgust.
###Chapter 3134
Over the past few days, Jacinta had been messing with her. 
Megan knew she was just trying to show off and put her in her place. 
Now that the scandal with Jonas was spreading like a wildfire, she was thrown right into the eye of the storm. 
Deep in her heart, she would curse at Jacinta over and over again, but she did not have the guts to really do so. 
"I'm so sorry.Please forgive me" 
"What happened?" 
Donna bumped into Megan when she came back again with a pile of clothes in her hands.She could smell acetone as Megan passed by. 
"I'm okay.You go ahead.I'll go clean up." 
Her eyes were red with tears, but she had to endure it. 
"Take this," Donna said, pulling out a towel from the pile in her hands, "Everything will be fine." 
Over at the washroom, the smell of nail polish still lingered although Megan had tried washing it off. 
Although it was not as off-putting as when it first got on her, there was still clearly a hint of smell. 
Since Megan could not afford to stay long, she quickly washed her hair and dried it with the towel.She tied her wet hair to look fresher.
"Mr.Wilson, I've already got the document." 
Thinking someone was about to come into the washroom, Megan quickly got out, but she ran right into a man just after she turned a corner. 
Before she could even lift her eyes to look at him, Megan could already smell a highly familiar scent from his shirt, although she could not recall a thing. 
Her first impression was that she knew this scent, but with the overwhelming smell of acetone on her hair, she could not identify the scent clearly. 
"I'm sorry!" 
"Are you okay?" 
A low voice cut her short before she could say any further. 
The man sounded cold and detached. 
"Um, yeah.I'm alright." 
Megan lifted her gaze and her pupils dilated the moment she saw the man. 
Megan was already immune to attractive men after all her time in the entertainment industry.She had seen countless of them—whether or not those male celebrities had undergone some touchup on their faces, yet the man before her eyes was simply outstanding. 
He was exceptionally dashing. 
Before Megan could collect herself, the man's assistant ran over with a yellow folder in his hand. 
"Mr.Wilson, this is the document; the man said, taking a good look at Megan.
"Let's go." The man said and walked off immediately. 
A perplexed frown settled on his brows as he walked away. 
Never in his life had he smelled a scent like this on a woman before. 
By the time Megan got back, Jacinta was already filming her part. 
She heaved a sigh of relief since Jacinta would be occupied and would not come at her anytime soon. 
Jacinta was filming a show about corporate society. 
The scene was about the female lead being slapped because she did something wrong at the office, but given her status, no one would dare to slap her in the face. 
Fortunately, the director said they were going to do a cheated shot. 
The other actress was relieved to hear that. 
When Jacinta caught a glimpse of Megan, anger rose in her heart again. 
"A cheated shoot will be too fake.It'll be bad for my reputation, so let's do it for real," she said sweetly. 
The director decided to take her suggestion since she was so professional, but he was in for a surprise when they resumed shooting later. 
Jacinta glared fiercely at the other actress who was supposed to slap her. 
The woman could not bring herself to really do it. 
The director was getting anxious after a few attempts.
"I think she’s too scared to do it.Why not we use a substitute?" 
Jacinta proposed understandingly. 
"Well..." 
The director was caught in a difficult situation. 
It was true that Jacinta had a lot of substitutes, but they had just started filming this show, so they had not contacted any of the substitutes.
###Chapter 3135
When Megan heard this, she immediately knew she was in trouble again. 
For scenes like this, they would usually film the whole body, so they would not be shooting Jacinta's face up close. 
It was thus totally feasible to find someone who did not look like Jacinta at all to take her stead. 
As she expected, Jacinta pointed a wicked finger at her. 
"Don't you like acting? Come here." 
"Jacinta, Mega is not a professional actress." 
Donna was getting nervous.She knew that Jacinta had been deliberately cornering Megan after Jonas’ incident. 
The nail polish remover on Megan's hair was probably her doing too. 
"She's not a professional actress? An assistant like her is already getting a role in a drama.She doesn't have to be humble.Come on, what are you waiting for?" 
Jacinta insisted. 
Since Jacinta had spelled her wishes clearly, no one could say no. 
Megan did not have what it took to stand up to her publicly, and since everyone was already waiting for her, she caved. 
"I can take up the part, Donna.Don't worry."
The director asked the makeup artist to get Megan ready for the scene before she put on the coat. 
Before they resumed filming, the other actress apologized to her sofily. 
"I'm sorry I have to do this.Remember to turn your head when you see my hand coming close." 
"Action!" 
Megan was all absorbed in her role right after the director shouted. 
"I'm sorry.I promise I won't repeat the same mistake again." 
"Don't you think it's too late to apologize?" the woman opposite her roared. 
Slap! A crispy sound followed after the woman cried out. 
Megan propelled her body along with the momentum when the woman slapped her and fell to the ground. 
Although it looked painful, the woman actually did not go all out on Megan. 
Her action looked forceful, but given her experience as an actress, Megan was not hurt. 
"Nice!" the director exclaimed with pleasure as he looked at the snippets. 
"Next!" 
The next week with Jacinta passed by swiftly before the day arrived for Megan to leave. 
The red marks on her face had already faded. 
Since Transcendent was no mean feat, the crew estimated filming to last eight months.
This meant she needed to spend the remaining half a year at the filming set. 
Although it was a long time, Megan was happy with such an arrangement. 
She could escape from Jacinta’s evil claws, and by the time she returned, she would be able to protect herself from that woman already. 
Megan got everything ready and was at the door when she saw Mia coming back. 
Behind her were a few other people, and beside her was her manager in the past life, Osmond. 
They encircled her after they got closer to Megan. 
Megan had not been keeping up with Mia's situation after she lost the role last time. 
She thought that Luna was disappointed in her, but from the looks of it, she seemed to be living her life pretty well. 
"You should take a rest, Megan.We will take care of everything over here." 
Mia had no regard for courtesy. 
When she saw the luggage in Megan's hands, a flicker of discontentment glistened in her eyes, but she quickly composed herself. 
"Are you leaving already?" she asked, her tone milder. 
It seemed like Osmond was doing a good job disciplining her. 
Ever since her failure last time, Luna had arranged a few other auditions for her, but all her efforts were to no avail.
She was considered a popular celebrity. 
That was why Luna kept trying to get new opportunities for her. 
"Yeah, I'm leaving already." 
With that said, she left without turning back. 
She could hear Osmond asking Mia who Megan was as she walked further away. 
The suburb she was heading to was considered a huge shooting spot. 
Although she was also one of the cast, Megan was not as well-taken care of as Mia when she first started acting. 
Neither did she receive treatment like Jacinta, who needed her assistants around whenever she went to set. 
Megan contacted the other crew members and tagged along with their car. 
She was relieved to see only Adam and a few make-up artists when the car arrived.
###Chapter 3136
The accommodation was provided for all the film crew. 
They were all staying at a hotel beside the shooting spot. 
Although it was not some five-star hotel, the place was still decent. 
Megan was assigned a standard double room and her roommate was one of the make-up artists. 
After they settled down, Megan went over to the set. 
"Have you finished reading the script?" Adam asked Megan when he saw her. 
Her acting had left him a good impression and he was delighted to see her. 
"I've read everything." Megan had spent the past few days poring over the script. 
She realized Princess Madeline was someone full of emotions. 
"Her feelings are delicate and I feel she's very candid.She's someone who has a deep sense of purpose and she takes full responsibility for her choices." 
Adam could not agree more. 
Behind him, the author of the novel looked particularly moved by what Megan said. 
Princess Madeline was her favorite character. 
Although she had never told anyone about it, the character had always had a special place in the author's heart.
Despite having to give a bad ending for Princess Madeline, the ending did not leave the readers hating the figure. 
Rather, her portrayal of Princess Madeline touched the hearts of many readers and they were able to empathize with the agony and inevitable choices Madeline had to take. 
After a careful study of the script, Megan was able to figure as much. 
She finally understood why an antagonist's role was able to boost her career in the past life. 
The other actors came not long after. 
When everyone had arrived, Adam asked them to gather around for an inaugural group photo. 
They have already had an opening ceremony the day before, but only the important and more famous cast were invited. 
"Let's work hard together for the next few months.Allow me to take this opportunity to remind y'all that every one of you will have to follow the rules no matter who you are" Adam said. 
It was obvious that Adam and Felix were polar opposites. 
Felix was gentle and soft-spoken. 
Even when the actors made mistakes, he would correct them nicely. 
Megan had heard about Adam in the past life. 
Back then, Jacinta was filming on his set and he berated her because of her poor acting skills. 
He even doubted if Jacinta was worthy of the awards she won.
Jacinta reacted badly to his admonishing, but she got nothing out of their fight. 
At the end of the day, she still had to film that scene all over again. 
Some of the actors exchanged looks uneasily after hearing Adam's speech. 
They probably had heard similar rumors about Adam. 
Since everyone was gathered there, Megan took the chance and checked each of them out. 
She was still a rookie, so she stood at the very end. 
Beside her was the second male lead. 
Although he was also a talented actor, he was not the youngest among them. 
Given his age, it was expected that his fame declined. 
Transcendent was a story about grievances between countries and families. 
Corleon's crown prince, Jeremiah, fell in love with Kaitlyn, the second daughter of the country's prime minister. 
The two lovers' journey to their happily-ever-after was intricate, especially with Frosa's princess being part of the love triangle. 
There were a few key figures in the show. 
Joel Hamilton —a rather famous actor—was playing Jeremiah. 
Since he was the male lead, he stood beside Adam when they were taking a group photo.
As for the female lead, they were casting Kelly Lovett from Sky Entertainment. 
Although she was a relatively new actress, her looks and sweet voice earned her good career prospects, Although she had an important role as well, she did not stand beside Adam. 
Instead, Francesca Chandler stood beside him. 
She would be playing Kaitlyn's best friend and the general's wife. 
Her character was feisty and courageous in the show, and in real life, she was equally so. 
Megan speculated she probably came from an influential family, else she would not stand right beside Adam as if she deserved that spot.
###Chapter 3137
Of course, it was not only Megan who had noticed something unusual. 
Another important character was the eldest princess, who was the second female lead and a lovable character. 
The actress, Melissa, was also from Sky Entertainment. 
At that moment, she was staring at Francesca as she studied her face. 
When she met eyes with Megan, she shot her a knowing look, in which Megan smiled awkwardly in reply. 
After the photo-taking session ended, everyone immediately went to get their make-up done. 
Both Joel and Kelly had their own dressing rooms, and the rest had either arranged for their own make- up artist or had not prepared anything at all. 
In the end, only Megan and Francesca were left, and they then headed to the crew's shared dressing room to get their make-up done. 
However, Francesca did not seem to like her.She only glanced at Megan before ignoring her after that. 
Since it was a historical drama, they had to get their hair styled as well. 
Thus, it took a long time to complete the preparations. 
Francesca was the first to speak. 
"What's your relationship with Jonas?"
She spoke with a questioning tone. 
Megan felt somewhat surprised by her question. 
Based on what had happened just a short while ago, she had thought that Francesca would not speak to her. 
However, it was only their first day, after all. 
Thus, she still wanted to get along with others where possible. 
"There's nothing between us.He was drunk that night, and I happened to pass by." 
"Really?" Francesca asked as she suddenly leaned in toward Megan. 
The hairstylist had not expected that and got shocked, as a result, messing up the hairstyle that she was working on. 
Fortunately, she seemed to be very professional and did not get angry at all. 
"Yeah," she replied. 
For some reason, it seemed easy for her to get along with Francesca. 
Over an hour later, the make-up artist signaled to her to stand up so that she could review her work. 
Under the lighting, not only did the make-up artist smile, but Francesca also broke into a wide smile. 
She said, "You really...are very suitable for Princess Madeline's character.I must say, Adam had made a perfect choice!" 
"Thank you."
In reality, Megan knew that her face was versatile. 
It was a pity that in her last lifetime, she had listened to Herman and gone for plastic surgery where she did eyelid surgery, jawline surgery, and had injected lip fillers. 
Eventually, it left her looking very abnormal, and as a result, others called her "Alien." 
However, at that moment, she understood that her looks were valuable. 
Although her face was not very outstanding as a whole, her individual features were all quite nice. 
Especially her eyes. 
They were suitable to fit any style. 
For example, Princess Madeline was someone who had the grace of a young girl, so her eyes should have a pure, flawless look to them. 
It was a look that Megan could pull off perfectly. 
Even the make-up artist could not help but praise, "Your eyes are beautiful." 
Once she was done changing into her outfit, she sat by the side of the set. 
Then, the filming of the first scene began, and she watched and learned from the side. 
There was, in fact, a reason for the success of Transcendent in her last lifetime. 
Both the male and female protagonists’ acting was good, flowing smoothly and looking natural. 
Even Megan, who was then only viewing from the side, seemed to have been transported back to Central Street in the country of Corleon.
As the crown prince rode his horse behind the prime minister's house, he noticed Kaitlyn. 
It was the scene where Kaitlyn, played by Kelly, would escape by climbing over the wall. 
As the director watched the scene play out, he would occasionally direct the actors a little. 
Soon, the scene was done, and Kelly and Joel got off the set. 
It was then time to film the royal court scene next. 
Kelly did not head back immediately after leaving the film set. 
Instead, she sat beside Megan and took out her script as she watched the filming. 
Just then, without putting on any pretenses, she broke the ice and said, "You're Megan, right? You're good" 
"Thank you for the compliment.I still have a lot to learn from you" 
"I'm serious.It's really amazing that you managed to get Madeline's character’ Kelly realied, raising her head as she broke into a beautiful, bright smile. 
Melissa, who was right behind them, seemed to have heard those words.She said bluntly, "Huh, what's so great about getting the role because of gossip." 
Her words were clearly directed at Megan, for she did not hesitate when speaking and even glared at her afterward,
###Chapter 3138
However, Megan indeed had no way to refute those words. 
Thus, she could only smile indifferently. 
I know I have the ability. 
Sooner or later, I'll prove it to all of you. 
Fortunately, a crew member arrived just then. 
Since Adam probably felt that Megan was unfamiliar with positioning and basic performance as she had not filmed anything before, he had arranged for someone to guide her. 
The crew member's timely arrival helped to resolve the awkward situation that she was in then. 
Taking the opportunity, she walked off with the crew member, relieving the awkwardness. 
When it came to acting, she had never gotten a good script in her previous lifetime. 
Furthermore, the scripts that Herman had asked her to accept were all not following trends at the time. 
Therefore, she had never properly learned how to act. 
However, she had a dream that she had never told anyone else before.She wanted to go to college. 
No matter right then or in her previous lifetime, her wish was never realized. 
Previously, when Herman found out about it, he had laughed at her for being naive. 
In her current lifetime, Megan only studied till middle school.
Once she graduated, Garret had used the excuse of not having any money to put her through school to stop her dream of going to college. 
Although she was not able to stay in school, she did not slack off in her acting. 
As long as she had the opportunity, she would continue to practice by herself and read many books. 
In addition, she had experience from her previous life. 
Thus, Megan believed that her skills were not bad. 
It was just that so far, she had no proper chance to perform. 
However, unknowing to her, old experienced actors may be unable to reach her level of acting skill then, let alone ordinary actors. 
The crew member was initially very reluctant to guide her since she was only a newcomer. 
His attitude was not all that responsible either. 
All he did was explain the most basic knowledge of filming. 
However, he gradually realized that she could keep up with whatever he was talking about. 
She's not any worse than those so-called big stars. 
With peace of mind, he then went back to his work. 
When Megan returned to the set, she saw that Josiah was monitoring the filming. 
Subconsciously, she scanned the entire film set and unexpectedly saw Adam in a corner.
He seemed to be talking to someone whose figure was hidden by the dressing room, thus blocking her from having a clear view. 
Suddenly, the man looked toward the film set, and Megan then noticed a familiar silhouette. 
Even though she had not actually seen his face, for some reason, she felt a sense of familiarity. 
He seemed to be the "Mr.Wilson" 
that she saw in the bathroom previously. 
However, he was a very low-key man, seemingly not wanting others to find out about his existence. 
He merely chatted a little longer with Adam before he looked over at the crew again and left. 
In reality, Megan did not take that incident to heart. 
Soon, three scenes were completed that morning, and it was time for Megan's scene. 
She went on set just after Adam had gotten angry because the previous actor did not perform well. 
"Melissa, I don't care whether your qualifications are high or low. 
I only care about your acting skills." 
He had spoken angrily and bluntly, leaving Megan feeling awkward as she stood to one side and waited for the next scene. 
Sure enough, after Adam returned to his chair, Melissa then glared at her again, feeling annoyed because Megan had heard Adam scolding her.
"You dare to laugh? You're just an inexperienced newbie who's only riding on sudden fame.I'll see how you get scolded later." 
She then looked Megan up and down, came to a conclusion, and sat down on a chair by the side, waiting to watch a good show of Megan being scolded. 
"Scene two.Megan, Joel." 
Strictly speaking, it was Megan's first scene after being reborn. 
In the script, after Princess Madeline's country, Frosa, won the war, her father ordered her brother to go to Corleon to make peace. 
Madeline had stubbornly followed after him. 
When she first arrived in the city of Cranur in Corleon, Madeline felt that everything there was very novel. 
She was innocent and had the tenderness of a little girl. 
That year, the city Cranur was very prosperous. 
As a result, Madeline was separated from her brother in the crowds and almost ran into a thug. 
She then happened to run into Jeremiah, a handsome crown prince who rescued her, and she fell in love at first sight.
###Chapter 3139
Megan had gone through the scene in her mind countless times. 
Consequently, she was completely confident. 
Perhaps since Megan was a newcomer, Joel was afraid that she would be worried, so he took care of her, telling her not to worry and go with the flow. 
He also secretly cheered her on, which created a harmonious atmosphere on set. 
"Thank you" Megan said. 
Immediately after, Adam said, "action," and she instantly got into character. 
Even Joel almost did not react in time.He only thought that the girl in front of him had suddenly changed. 
Their set was the prosperous Central Street, with stall vendors’ voices chattering in the background. 
However, at that moment, Megan only had eyes for Jeremiah. 
Indeed, Jeremiah, and not Joel.He seemed to have noticed it as well, and his heart skipped a beat before he barely kept up with her pace. 
"Cut!" 
Adam had already noticed that Joel was slow to react. 
Originally, Melissa and Kelly were watching the scene.
Once they heard Adam shout, they had thought that Megan made a mistake, although Melissa did not actually notice any issue. 
"Look, what did I say.How can a celebrity who only debuted because of rumors know how to act?" 
Melissa's expression clearly reflected her dislike for Megan. 
At that moment, she felt at ease. 
Adam then said, "Compose yourself, and keep up with the rhythm." 
His words were still considered quite polite. 
"Okay, let's go again." 
As soon as Adam stopped speaking, Megan got into her character almost instantly again. 
For her, it was almost already a subconscious thing. 
Unsurprisingly, although he had made mental preparations, Joel still failed to keep up with Megan's rhythm. 
He only reacted three seconds after she finished speaking her lines, which was already too late by then. 
Sure enough, Adam called for them to stop. 
"What's wrong with you, Joel?" 
"I'm sorry, Mr.Kennedy." 
He smiled awkwardly but did not refute the director.
It was true that he did not react in time. 
The reason was that he had never thought that as a newcomer, Megan would be so proficient in acting and would be that well- practiced. 
In fact, instead of acting, her performance could pass as reality. 
For the first time, he felt pressured while filming. 
What was laughable was that that pressure came from a newcomer who had never acted before. 
Meanwhile, Joel's words had left Melissa surprised. 
She could not figure out why the one being scolded was not Megan. 
How could it be Joel? I thought that he was quite good when I acted alongside him just now. 
However, as Kelly looked at how Melissa was behaving, she could not help but say, "Didn't you see that it was Joel who couldn't keep up with Megan's rhythm?" 
Megan's really interesting. 
She's a newcomer, but even Joel can't keep up with her. 
Kelly smirked. 
Additionally, Francesca no longer had that look of disdain toward Megan and instead started to study her actions. 
She had completely forgotten about saying that Megan was involved in rumors with Jonas. 
Since he already had the previous two experiences, Joel did not dare to be careless any longer.
Thus, on the third take, he quickly kept up with her rhythm, and they finished the scene with no issues. 
Hence, Adam had called for them to stop with a smile on his face. 
"Did you act before?" he could not help but ask as he left the set with Megan since there were only the two of them then. 
Due to her flawless performance just a while ago and the fact that she could faintly guide his performance and pacing, Joel had completely changed his attitude toward her. 
However, he still could not believe that it was something a newcomer could do. 
"Just once. But I like to read books" she replied, referring to Felix's commercial. 
Joel was surprised by her answer. 
However, the way he looked at her was obviously friendlier than that in the morning. 
The next scene was Francesca and Kelly's. 
Kelly shot Megan a thumbs up as she walked by and said, "It was good." 
Francesca, who was beside her, did not speak but also gave Megan a good look.
###Chapter 3140
Megan smiled back at Kelly, then walked aside to continue reading the script. 
"Hey, isn't this Megan? Why are you here?" 
Just as she was about to begin reading enthusiastically, a sharp noise rang out. 
Even without looking up, she knew who it was.She's here to provoke me again. 
Megan was not surprised that Mia would appear there since the film set was big, so many shows were shot there. 
Although it seemed that Luna still wanted to grow Mia into an actress, Megan was curious about what kind of show she could shoot with her acting skills. 
"Looks like you're not happy to see me?" said Mia leisurely, expressing her dissatisfaction with Megan's indifferent attitude. 
Just then, Megan got up and raised her head. 
At first sight, Megan was taken aback. 
In just half a month, Mia was a totally different person from when she was in the mountains. 
Expectedly, she also no longer had the aura of a girl living in the village. 
Mia was wearing a trendy down jacket that was tailored to hug her body, which made her good figure look even more graceful.
She also wore platform heels and had slightly curled her hair.Her nails were painted red, and her skin was fair. 
Although Mia was staring at her, she looked flirty and seductive. 
However, her words did not reflect her looks. 
Megan noticed that since Osmond did not follow Mia then, she had reverted to her old temperament. 
"I can't believe you agreed to act as a vicious woman.Luckily, I refused back then." 
Mia appeared to be showing off her nobility and class but did not know that when Adam had called Luna back then, Megan was beside them. 
Thus, in reaction to Mia's provocation, she merely smiled lightly and did not take it to heart. 
She then continued looking through her script. 
"You still bother to look at this stupid script?" Mia said as she rudely snatched her script away. 
As it happens, she was still unhappy about it. 
Since young, as long as her sister was present, Mia could not have her own brilliance. 
In school, Megan's grades were always better than her own, which was why she wanted to destroy Megan's dreams of going to school. 
It was the same in their village. 
Everyone had always praised Megan for being a sensible child. 
However, when it came to Mia, they only said that she was good- looking but unreasonable.
Of course, Mia knew that she was good-looking and knew how to use it to her advantage. 
However, she was not satisfied with only that. 
There was no use of merely being good-looking. 
Instead, she wanted to use her looks to force Megan to retreat, then take everything from her. 
It was what would make her happy and satisfied. 
"Give it back," Mia said as she reached out to take the script. 
Her experience since young taught her that if she had too much involvement with Mia, the one who would suffer in the end was herself. 
However, Mia seemed to have other thoughts. 
As soon as she saw her sister reaching out, she took a few steps backward and threw the script at Megan's feet indifferently. 
"I'd have to say, Megan, based on your abilities, why didn't you continue on the hype with Jonas? Why did you come here to play this vicious woman." 
Upon hearing Mia‘s words, Megan could somewhat make out the situation.She’d probably heard about my scandal with Jonas and was jealous. 
However, as soon as she mentioned Jonas, Megan thought of another person that had been very close with Mia recently. 
Although, of course, she knew that Mia would not like him back.
Thus, without showing any weakness, she said, "What's wrong with being involved with Jonas? It's better than you getting tied to someone, right?" 
Sure enough, as soon as Mia heard those words, her expression immediately changed. 
She would never fall for Herman and only wanted to keep him by her side as a backup. 
She had not expected him to be so eager, causing everyone in the company to think that they were in a relationship. 
Journalists had also wanted to inquire about their relationship, yet Herman himself never denied it, which only made Mia very distressed.
###Chapter 3141
"You...Don't try to slander me.Nothing's going on between Herman and me!" 
Then, she seemed to have thought of something and continued, "Huh, it's just Jonas.He didn’t even say that he wanted you yet.But so what if he did? He's just an actor.He'll be famous for about two or three years, and that'll be it.The men I like have much more power than him." 
Just as she mentioned the men she liked, Megan realized that Mia appeared to be completely different. 
She was different from just moments ago and even had a coquettish air to her then. 
It was an expression that Megan had seen before. 
Previously, back in the village, Mia had liked the village chief's son. 
When Mia mentioned him to her back then, she had on the same expression. 
However, Megan had thought that Mia would not like another person so quickly after moving over to the city. 
Yet, once again, Megan was proven wrong. 
She already has someone she likes so soon. 
Just then, Megan had an idea. 
In her previous lifetime, Mia and Herman's affair had hurt her very badly. 
Therefore, although she did not know who Mia liked in this lifetime, it would be the best revenge if she could steal him from Mia.
She was very pleased with her idea. 
Megan then calmly tested the waters. 
"Who else is as good as Jonas is? Don't tell me it's our village chief's son?" 
As Mia no longer liked the village chief's son, she glared at Megan as soon as she heard her words. 
"The man I like is in charge of the entire entertainment industry.He can do whatever he wants.Just you wait.Sooner or later, you'll be blacklisted." 
She exuded pride both in her words and attitude, acting as if she was already his wife.However, Megan remained silent. 
I don’t know many people who could control the entire entertainment industry.It'd be great if I could find out who she liked. 
Megan then asked, "How's it possible that he has so much power? I didn't know there was someone like that in the entertainment industry" 
Then, she studied Mia's expression. 
"Huh, of course, you don't.You're so short-sighted.The person I like is-" 
Just as Megan wanted to get more information from Mia, she saw Osmond rushing over to them as he shouted, "Oh my goodness, how did you get here? I couldn't find you" 
He had begun to shout from far away as soon as he saw Megan and Mia standing together and had felt that something was off. 
Mia quickly shut her mouth when she saw him coming over.It seemed as though he had previously instructed her about something.
"You're not worthy of knowing who he is!" Mia said before she then turned around and left. 
Originally, Megan had wanted to find out who her sister had fallen in love with. 
However, she could only put that thought aside then and find another opportunity to get more information out of her later on. 
Yet, Megan gradually discovered that even if she wanted to take revenge on her, her target was not Mia herself. 
Instead, it was Luna, who had constantly been helping her, as well as Osmond. 
After all, in her previous lifetime, it was only with their help that Mia was able to get to where she was and later become a famous actress. 
Meanwhile, when Mia followed Osmond back to her own filming site, she was, as expected, being instructed once again. 
Although Osmond knew that she did not have enough abilities, it did not matter, for her looks were enough. 
In reality, Mia was unhappy as well.He was a very strict manager that sometimes caused her to not even feel like a celebrity anymore. 
However, she did not dare say much else nor express her dissatisfaction because the positive effects of his influence on her career were visible. 
Her popularity was increasing day by day. 
After Mia's brief appearance, the days passed, and filming continued as normal.
Megan's acting skills were also finally recognized by others.
###Chapter 3142
Every time Joel acted in a scene with Megan, he felt tremendous pressure. 
But as the chemistry between them gradually improved, their scenes were basically filmed in a single take. 
Even Melissa no longer mocked Megan as much, and she went as far as occasionally going over to her to seek acting tips. 
As for Francesca, she was a total diva, seemingly immersed in her own world and simply acting as she pleased. 
Well, perhaps that could be attributed to her previous prejudice against Megan. 
On the whole, she wasn't all that close with Megan though she wasn't exactly hostile toward her either. 
But that was all thanks to Kelly, who acted as the mediator between them. 
When Francesca was in high spirits, she would invite Megan to go shopping together. 
However, when she was in a bad mood, even Adam wouldn't be able to find her. 
Once, Adam blew his top on set, but he didn't say a cross word to her despite usually going ballistic whenever something went wrong and always sticking to business no matter who the person was. 
Only when it came to her was he uncharacteristically lenient, never once reprimanding her to her face even if her acting skills were lacking. 
Slowly, small cliques formed among the cast.
Megan, Kelly, and Francesca were basically in the same clique other than their awkwardness during the first few days. 
After all, the gap between them all was negligible in showbiz, and Megan's acting skills were all but in plain sight. 
Every time filming ended, Francesca loved to go shopping with Kelly. 
Megan tagged along a handful of times, but Francesca's lavish spending truly astounded her. 
After all, even Jacinta might not be her match. 
Hence, she couldn't help speculating that Francesca was actually the daughter of a rich family who wanted to try her hand at acting just for fun or the lover of a wealthy man. 
And from the look of things now, the former seemed more likely since a lover wouldn't be so willful. 
On the whole, filming seemed exceedingly brief and pleasurable to her. 
While Felix was the person who inspired her to act, her acting skills improved by leaps and bounds under Adam's constant guidance. 
After Adam's counsel, enlightenment suddenly dawned upon her on the details she didn't quite understand in her past life.She was making rapid progress in terms of acting skills, thus gradually filming her scenes in a single take. 
However, she had greater expectations toward herself, so she wasn't satisfied with that. 
She wanted to embody the character and lose herself. 
And she believed that she could accomplish it.
After the filming wrapped up at night, she returned to the hotel room booked by the production team as usual. 
As the make-up artist who shared a room with her had recently left, she had the room to herself. 
About ten o'clock at night, she was just about to head to bed after reading through the script when she heard a light knock on her room door. 
"Who's there?" 
She was initially nonchalant, but the voice that sounded outside her door had her instantly going on full alert. 
"It's me, Josiah.Open the door first, and we'll talk." 
The person speaking outside the door was the assistant director, Josiah Zimmerman. 
Megan had been in showbiz for eight years in her past life, so she understood his meaning in an instant. 
Hah! There's only one reason he would be knocking on an actress’ door in the middle of the night. 
I initially thought ! wouldn't be targeted, but it now seems that I'm wrong. 
She had found him rather lecherous in the first place despite his potbelly, so she had avoided having too much interaction with him. 
And sure enough, her judgment had been right on the mark now that he was knocking on her door at this hour. 
Well, weil...a person's character is indeed reflected in his countenance.
All at once, alarm bells starting ringing in her head. 
Standing at the door, nerves gripped her. 
Nonetheless, she didn't plan on opening the door, for she knew full well the intentions of the person outside after having experienced so much in her past life. 
"I'm sorry, Mr.Zeller, but I'm not feeling very well.I'm heading to bed, so let's just talk about whatever it is on set tomorrow." 
Nevertheless, the person outside the door seemingly had no intention of leaving. 
"There are some changes to a scene tomorrow, so open the door first, and we'll talk in the room.It's cold out here." 
Josiah seemed very much eager.
###Chapter 3143
Megan naturally didn't fall for that, nor was she so foolish that she would believe that Josiah was here to talk to her about the script at that hour. 
However, she couldn't afford to offend the assistant director. 
Of course, the phenomenon of directors bedding actresses was commonplace in showbiz, and it was all consensual. 
Some actresses would even voluntarily offer themselves to the directors in hopes of getting more scenes or better roles. 
That was why showbiz was regarded as a serpentine industry. 
Of course, Megan wasn't such a person. 
That held true for her both past and present life. 
As she couldn't offend Josiah or allow herself to be sullied, she had no choice but to open the door considering the current situation. 
However, she took some precautions and latched the security chain from inside. 
She merely opened the door a fraction for Josiah to speak. 
"What's the matter, Mr.Zeller? Let's just talk here.My room is rather messy, so I'll refrain from inviting you in? she murmured apologetically.Through the gap in the door, she could see Josiah leering at her as though wishing he could see through her pajamas.Megan's rejection was already clear as day, yet Josiah made no move to leave.
With his hands in his pant pockets, he darted his gaze around while saying, "Megan, this can't be explained in a few words, and it'll definitely delay the filming tomorrow if it's put off.Look, it's chilly out here, and I'm wearing a short-sleeve shirt.Why don't you let me in first, huh?" 
Left with no other choice, Megan opened the door a fraction and handed him a jacket. 
Then, she insisted, "I'm really not feeling well, so why don't you go back first, Mr.Zeller?" 
As she said that, she made to close the door. 
However, Josiah grabbed her wrist before she could do that. 
"Hey, you should really know your place, Megan! I have some power on set, after all.You merely play a supporting role, so the director wont bother about you.No one will say anything even if I change actresses anytime!" 
When Josiah's sweet talk failed, he became threatening with thinly-veiled threats. 
With that, Megan naturally understood the consequences of offending him.It was only after she had exerted quite some force did she manage to retract her hand from Josiah's grasp. 
Upon seeing that he wasn't planning on giving up until he had his prey cornered, she had no choice but to shed all pretense of amiability. 
"Please have some self- respect, Mr.Zeller.Otherwise, I'm going to call for help." 
"Alright, that's enough.I know your concern, so hurry up and let me in now that no one is out here.Otherwise, you'll be humiliated if things get out of hand later" 
At that, Megan took a step back without saying anything.
"Don't be such an ungrateful wretch! It's already an honor that I came to seek you out, so open the door right this instance!" 
It was obvious that Josiah never expected her to rebuff him, so he was now resorting to the stick again when the carrot didn't work. 
I'm a newbie without any connections, so I might not be able to survive in the showbiz anymore if I were to offend him.But I've already suffered from such degradation in my past life. 
Do I really have to put myself through it again in this lifetime? No! Never! 
"Thank you for your concern, Mr.Zeller.If this is business, let's talk tomorrow.But if it's personal, I'm really not worthy of your regard.Good night, and see you tomorrow." 
After saying that, Megan shut the door tightly. 
All at once, Josiah's infuriated cursing rang out from outside the door. 
"Hmph! You're merely a wh*re! Why can't I bed you when even Jonas Wulff could do so? Haha, stop feigning innocence!" 
Evidently, Josiah didn't give up. 
Nonetheless, Megan was also angered upon hearing that. 
"Again, please have some self-respect, Mr.Zeller.I have no relationship whatsoever with Jonas Wulff.It's late, so do go back and rest earlier." 
"Why, are you unwilling to open the door because it's me here? If it were Adam Kennedy, will you be greeting him with your legs spread wide on the bed?"
It was common knowledge among the production team that Adam and Josiah's relationship was strained. 
"Please watch your words, Mr.Zeller.I, Megan Rockford, am not the kind of person you think." 
Outside the door, Josiah leaned his entire weight against the door, cracking open the door and trying to make his way in.His eyes were fixed intently on Megan. 
After contemplating it time and again, Megan knew that she had no choice but to thoroughly offend him. 
Using all her might, she finally managed to close the door. 
After shutting it, she swiftly latched the deadbolt. 
After doing all that, she leaned back against the door, her emotions a chaotic mess.
###Chapter 3144
After having been in showbiz for eight years in her past life, Megan knew full well the implications of having offended the assistant director. 
But despite having been forced by Herman to abandon all her dignity in her past life, there was one thing she never did, albeit entertaining and drinking with men—betraying her body. 
At the end of the day, she simply couldn't abandon the final shred of her dignity. 
"Okay, then.You just won't relent, huh? I salute your guts, but your life on set will be a living hell henceforth! Mark my words!" 
Having failed in the end, Josiah's cursing split the air outside the door. 
Then, he pounded on the door so hard that the frame shook. 
After he had left, all the strength drained out of Megan, and she slumped back against the door. 
Lingering fear besieged her, and a chill inexorably engulfed her at such a scene. 
All of a sudden, a chill ran down her spine when something seemingly occurred to her. 
Why exactly have I been standing my ground? I'd been sullied in my past life, and that was why Herman was so disdainful of me later on. 
The segment of memory she hoped to never again recall and had buried deep in her mind was abruptly triggered. 
Clutching her head in agony, she shrunk to the corner of the bed.
She curled herself into a tight ball, wishing that she could simply disappear into thin air. 
The painful memory was like a quagmire, sucking her into a wealth of unbridled terror that she just couldn't shake off. 
She shook her head incessantly to dislodge the excruciating memory, but the more she wanted to elude it, the more vividly it played in her mind... 
It was freezing that day, and there wasn't a single soul in the long and narrow corridor that seemingly had no end. 
She only remembered being exceedingly dizzy. 
When she opened her eyes again, she found herself in a pitch- black room. 
There was an unknown man who filled her nostrils with an unfamiliar musk. 
Then, a bolt of agonizing pain assailed her. 
The pain was beyond her endurance, so she started sobbing for mercy. 
"No, no...please...please let me go." 
She then shook her head in agony as sweat dripped down her face and neck. 
In the next moment, she gave a sudden cry before slumping down dazedly as though having lost the very essence of her. 
After an eternity, she finally staggered up from the floor mechanically. 
Throwing herself onto the bed, she wept helplessly like a marionette controlled by strings.
That entire night, she couldn't calm down. 
The moment she did so, she would recall that time and instance. 
Although it was something that had transpired in her previous lifetime, she still couldn't forget it. 
At long last, she dozed off sluggishly. 
It was only early the next morning did she finally regain control of her senses. 
"Hang in there, Megan!" 
Ah, it's another wonderful day. 
Remember your plans of revenge! Megan inwardly cheered herself on after practicing her perfect smile in the mirror again. 
"All that was in the previous lifetime, so it definitely won't happen again in this lifetime!" 
Her face was extremely pallid as she hadn't much sleep, and it was still rather obvious despite her heavy makeup. 
She deliberately tarried instead of being the first person who arrived on set. 
But as expected, Josiah glowered at her with undisguised resentment written all over his face when she made her entrance. 
She initially thought that the incident last night had passed, believing that Josiah would have some brains and wouldn't do anything to her when she had dirt on him. 
However, he seemingly thought otherwise.
As he said, life would indeed be difficult for her after having offended him. 
She had a scene during the very beginning, but she ran into a brick wall when she went to change. 
She had been getting along well with Kelly recently, but she was merely playing a supporting role and wasnt like Francesca, who was probably a rich heir, so she shared a dressing room with other supporting actresses. 
The costumes were naturally for everyone to share, but generally speaking, they were sufficient for all the cast. 
Megan's role as Princess Madeline in the drama was an unruly character. 
While she was a princess from a small border country, she was still royalty at the end of the day, so theoretically speaking, her clothing should be resplendent.
###Chapter 3145
However, when Megan went to choose her costume after she was done with her makeup, not only was the resplendent princess costume she wore the previous day gone but there was no fine costume left. 
After she had glanced through the remaining costumes, she found that they were all either for the maids or concubines in the palace. 
Some were so sensual that they didn't fit the character of Princess Madeline at all. 
"What's this? Where's the costume for Princess Madeline?" she couldn't resist asking the stylist at the side. 
Not daring to answer her bluntly, the stylist merely muttered, "You were a bit late today, so Janice and the other actresses..." 
She couldn't get the rest of her words out even after a long time had passed. 
Just when Megan was about to say something, she heard the crew outside urging the cast to get into place. 
Out of options, she could only pick two costumes that could still be considered appropriate for her role and hastily changed. 
Sure enough, before Josiah had even said anything, Adam had ready spotted her wearing an unsuitable costume since he was very particular about details. 
Nonetheless, she could only bite the bullet and walk out, knowing that she would probably suffer that day.
All at once, Adam went ballistic. 
"Are you wearing rags, Megan? Remember that you're a princess! Do you know what a princess is? You're not a maid!" he lambasted while gesturing at her. 
Helplessness engulfed Megan.It wasn't her fault, so she merely looked at him apologetically. 
"This is the only costume that came close to my character in the dressing room, Mr.Kennedy." 
Then, she shifted her gaze to Josiah. 
But in the end, she chose to remain silent about his sabotage. 
Adam was already livid, but Josiah even poured fuel onto the fire. 
"Why do you have a problem with your costume when everyone else is fine? You're the only person with an issue among the few hundred cast members.Hah, you're truly troublesome!" 
"What the hell is your problem? Can you just do your job? If you don't want to act, just get lost!" 
Adam bellowed at Megan. 
However, not a single person bothered to pay any attention to it because such a scene had transpired countless times on set. 
Meanwhile, the reason for the incident was naturally that Megan had offended Josiah. 
Felix was relatively gentle and patient, so he had no problems being all smiles even with hot-tempered actresses like Jacinta, his temperament warm as sunlight during the spring. 
On the contrary, Adam was his polar opposite.He was renowned in showbiz for his explosive temper.
Although every single script of his was basically a box-office hit, his temper was truly awful. 
Even actors or actresses who usually regarded themselves highly wouldn't get any quarter from him. 
Nevertheless, one thing was semi-acknowledged—his censure was gold, and the actor or actress had no way of refuting him. 
All criticism from him was for the sake of the actor or actresses’ betterment. 
"Go and change quickly! Otherwise, you won't be acting today!" 
Adam roared at Megan while casting a glance at Josiah over his shoulder. 
While he probably had an inkling of the real issue here, he wouldn't bother about such details. 
His only concern was the filming progress and not the fact that an actress was delaying the filming because of a personal matter. 
After being hauled over the coals, Megan could only maintain a smile and change. 
Josiah, on the other hand, wore a smug expression. 
In the following days, she was sabotaged countless times by Josiah. 
At first, it was plastic toys falling out of her sleeve during filming, then the failure of being notified of the filming schedule or deliberately given the wrong schedule. 
For those reasons, she suffered multiple scoldings from Adam. 
In the beginning, she was indeed mortified, but the entire production team seemed to have gotten used to it slowly and no longer made her the brunt of gossip.
As she made innumerable mistakes, she kept being berated by Adam and picked on by Josiah. 
Fortunately, Adam didn't really intend to kick her out, merely chewing her out every time. 
Thus, she suspected that he was well aware that Josiah was deliberately sabotaging her. 
After all, he would've definitely sensed something amiss no matter how dense he was. 
Therefore, she merely maintained a smile and apologized perpetually. 
Anyway, she still had an opportunity as long as he approved of her acting skills.
###Chapter 3146
In all honesty, Megan's tribulations were nothing for an actress who had just debuted. 
Of course, the fact that she rebuffed Josiah didn't mean that others would also do the same. 
While she suffered from his sabotage every so often, another actress on the cast was enjoying great success. 
Janice, a supporting actress who likewise played the antagonist like Megan, had fewer scenes than her yet frequently appeared on camera in the past few days. 
Megan naturally understood what it was all about, but she never once brought it up. 
After all, she still had an opportunity to shine as long as the character of Princess Madeline wasn't completely cut. 
The direction of a script was determined in advance, so there wouldn't be any major changes. 
That being said, the duration of every actor or actress’ appearance on camera during each scene was under the director's purview. 
Megan could still remember the time back when she was the female lead in a certain drama. 
As the second female lead was offering sexual favors to the director, she had few chances of making an appearance during the entire drama of thirty-five episodes. 
Instead, the second female lead stole the limelight. 
Well, well...It's more than apparent that I'm now walking the same path after being reborn.
Paying no mind to some trivial scenes, Adam entrusted the filming to Josiah. 
Meanwhile, Josiah was truly audacious, for he dared to brazenly add scenes for Janice to the point that the two leading actresses were entirely neglected the moment Adam wasn't present. 
On top of that, the two of them would even exchange flirtatious glances on set. 
Of course, others didn't bother about it, nor could they do anything about it. 
Janice had acted in quite a number of dramas ever since her debut, but her popularity had always been tepid as her looks were average without any outstanding features. 
Megan had previously heard rumors that Janice had gotten a role in Transcendent through dishonorable means. 
Of course, that was just hearsay since no one ever talked about it publicly. 
Unexpectedly, on the third day Josiah was adding scenes for Janice, Francesca sauntered over to Megan after filming a scene and sat down leisurely. 
Then, she looked at Janice, who was acting, with disdain and contempt in her eyes. 
"Josiah sought you out as well the other day, no?" 
Hearing that, Megan was stumped, and she didn't understand her meaning at first. 
When she finally gathered her wits about her and was about to speak, Francesca added, "Don't forget that I'm in the room adjacent to yours.So, I heard everything that night." 
Thereafter, she patted her shoulder amicably. 
"You've really been impressing me.We're best friends henceforth, so don't be a stranger with me"
Only then did Megan finally register her meaning earlier. 
Words tumbled around her mouth, yet she simply couldn't utter them. 
In the end, she merely murmured, "I just did what was right" 
Perhaps Josiah later felt that it was truly too despicable to use such petty tricks to sabotage an actress or was too immersed in Janice's wiles that the frequency of Megan being sabotaged gradually lessened. 
Of course, she still had some "surprises" from time to time. 
Slowly, life on set seemingly returned to normal. 
Francesca was increasingly friendly with Megan, so much so that Megan felt a tad perturbed. 
Rather, she felt much comfortable when she was with Kelly. 
"Say, what kind of identity do you think Francesca has? She's a newbie through and through, yet she's this nonchalant," 
Kelly couldn't help wondering while staring at Francesca as she sat beside Megan after filming her scene. 
Evidently, Megan wasn't the only person who was curious about Francesca’s identity. 
Rather, others among the production crew had also noticed it. 
Without waiting for Megan to speak, Kelly candidly speculated, "From her demeanor, I think she either has a wealthy and powerful lover or an affluent father.
But from the look of things, it's probably the latter." 
"Probably." 
That was exactly the same conclusion Megan drew, and she didn't beat around the bush since they were already very familiar with each other. 
In truth, she really envied Francesca's character.
###Chapter 3147
What kind of family background does Francesca have that she doesn't care whatever other people say about her? To Megan's surprise, she actually glimpsed envy in Kelly's gaze. 
"Ah, I truly envy rich people like her who can live such a laid-back life!" 
Kelly stared at Francesca, who was filming, with rare jealousy in her eyes. 
That puzzled Megan, for Kelly was among the popular actresses recently, and she had many good opportunities. 
Hmm? She should be content since she's now enjoying much popularity. 
Besides, I can tell that she has an unexpected affinity for acting. 
Of course, that was also the reason they got close in the first place—they had the same goals in life. 
"You also have a very laid-back life yourself" 
Megan was speaking the truth, for she likewise envied Kelly. 
Unexpectedly, Kelly suddenly mumbled morosely, seemingly speaking to herself, "My life is far more tiring than hers." 
Before Megan could contemplate the meaning of her remark, she heard the crew calling for the next scene. 
Thus, she had no choice but to rush over, missing the same look of envy in Kelly's eyes as she gazed at her back.
Just after Josiah's sabotage had tapered off, Megan discovered another troubling issue. 
For some reason, she found a sudden increase in Mia's news around her lately. 
Even if she didn't deliberately inquire about it, someone would tell her from time to time. 
Just a few moments ago, she found out from the front desk at the hotel that Mia had been named the most popular new female artist for the year 2011. 
At the same time, she was also the most beautiful woman in the course of history in Chanaea, according to online polls, and an A-list male celebrity with Starling Media even publicly declared his love for her. 
On the heels of that, Mia abruptly changed hotels to the one where Megan was staying for no apparent reason. 
Of course, the difference from Megan was that she was given an extremely luxurious suite by the production team on the top floor of the hotel as though afraid that no one would know about it. 
On the very first day she checked in, Megan bumped into her. 
Despite being on different floors, Mia was simply there every time she went out for breakfast or headed out to the set. 
Regardless of whether she was early or late, they would just bump into each other leisurely at the same place. 
And every single time they bumped into each other, Mia would look her up and down to ascertain that she was still the same country bumpkin from before.
Then, she would start mocking her, saying, "Megan, are you still stuck with the repulsive role of Princess Madeline? In my opinion, you should just be my assistant since that'll be better than acting that role and inviting contempt." 
It would be a lie if Megan were to say that she was entirely unaffected. 
The only thing she knew was that the chasm between her and Mia grew increasingly deeper as time passed. 
She couldn't even retaliate against their enmity in this lifetime, not to mention their grudge in the previous lifetime. 
Instead, she could only console herself endlessly. 
Hang in there, for everything will be fine after Transcendent has been released! The role of Princess Madeline will definitely make me proud, so there's hope as long as I've got the role! Even so, her hands still clenched into fists every time she glimpsed Mia's calm and arrogant demeanor, her nails digging into her palms. 
How she wished she would rise to fame right then and there! Alas, there was nothing she could do. 
Everyone was merely waiting endlessly for an opportunity... 
But never had she expected the opportunity to come so quickly. 
Having gotten accustomed to Josiah's sabotage in the past few days, Megan would still go to the set even if she didn't have any scenes. 
She would go through the script there, watch Kelly and the rest of the cast film, as well as seek Adam's help with some questions she had regarding her acting.
Although Adam had lost his temper at her because of her constant mistakes lately, he still had a soft spot for her since her acting skills were pretty good, and she was always striving to improve. 
"Here" 
Adam pointed to a spot on her colorful script, "you should be a bit slower in delivering your emotions.You were a tad too hasty, so you have to slow down.Try it again in the afternoon."
###Chapter 3148
Adam was indeed a veteran director with a discerning eye, for he immediately pointed out a part Megan had never realized. 
Princess Madeline's obstinacy then was still colored by a hint of maidenly coquettishness, so there would still be a surprising trace of whininess in her emotions. 
Due to the animosity from her past life, Megan's interpretation of such a feeling was indeed lacking, but enlightenment instantly dawned upon her after Adam's guidance. 
"Thank you, Mr.Kennedy." 
Megan was in complete agreement with Adam's opinion. 
Before they had talked much, a gust of cold wind brushed past.She instinctively pulled her jacket tighter around herself, only to hear him coughing violently. 
Cough, cough... 
Adam coughed incessantly. 
The filming schedule had been rather packed recently, so even Adam couldn't quite cope with it. 
He had been coughing a few days ago, but Megan didn't know that it was so bad. 
"Are you okay, Mr.Kennedy?" Megan asked in concern. 
From the look of things, he doesn't seem quite well. 
"I'm fine.I just forgot to bring my cough medicine today."
Adam waved a dismissive hand to brush off her worry. 
Then, he pointed at another spot on her script and started, "Look, at such a place, you should emphasize the emotions...Cough, cough..." 
Cough, cough... 
After the bout of coughing, his cheeks were flushed, and he even had difficulty catching his breath. 
Upon seeing his condition, Megan was truly worried, so she suggested, "How about I go and buy you some cough medicine, Mr.Kennedy? It so happens that I don't have any scenes today." 
Probably agonized over his coughing fit, Adam finally nodded. 
Knowing that there were several pharmacies near the set, Megan snagged her bag. 
Just when she was about to leave, she bumped into Janice, who sashayed in languidly to film her scenes. 
Perchance Josiah was already sick of Janice, but her scenes had gradually decreased in the past few days. 
Thus, she couldn't resist scoffing upon seeing Megan. 
"I was just wondering why some people keep coming to the set despite not filming any scenes that particular day.It turns out that she's eager to offer herself up." 
Her remark obviously hinted at Megan and Adam having an indecent relationship while she herself maintained a facade of purity. 
Megan would have merely ignored it had she only slandered her, but since she even dragged Adam into it, she had no choice but to clarify things for the sake of Adam's reputation.
Everyone in the production team was well aware of Janice messing around with Josiah, so Megan retorted, "Are you referring to me? How ridiculous! I wonder who's the one who cozied up to someone to the point of getting into bed." 
Then, she casually threw her a look. 
"Stop right there, Megan Rockford! What exactly did you mean by that!" 
For female celebrities, such a thing was an open secret that no one ever mentioned. 
When Janice noticed other people around them and sensed that they were looking at her differently, she immediately called Megan back. 
"What I meant? Don't you know best?" 
Megan wasn't frantic since Janice never once considered her reputation when slandering her in front of others just now. 
"Y-You're simply..." 
Janice stammered for a long while, words eluding her. 
Megan again threw the seething woman a nonchalant look before setting out for the pharmacy. 
After having bought the medicine from the pharmacy, she made her way back. 
But when she crossed the road, a black car suddenly drove past. 
As it was a closed set, and the cast generally didn't drive here, she never expected any cars on set. 
Thus, when she noticed the car, it was already before her, its glaring lights shining right into her eyes.
She instinctively dodged, but her ankle twisted, and she then fell to the ground. 
At the same time, the medicine was scattered all over the ground. 
Fortunately, the driver reacted swiftly, and the car wasn't going that fast in the first place. 
It was only for those reasons did the car manage to screech to a stop a foot before her. 
In the next instance, a man in a suit alighted from the car and strode over to Megan to check on the situation. 
Upon seeing that she wasn't hit, he breathed a sigh of relief and helped her up.Then, he inquired, "Are you okay, miss?"
###Chapter 3149
Despite having no idea how she fell, the man still inquired about her condition. 
"I'm fine, I'm fine." 
It was only after Megan had gotten to her feet did she realize that the man before her seemed really familiar, and she had seemingly seen him somewhere. 
Before she could contemplate further, a clear voice rang out from the car. 
To her surprise, it was a man’s voice. 
Hearing that, she couldn't help grousing inwardly. 
Good heavens! A man is actually even more delicate than a woman that he can't even walk a few steps! 
"What happened, Theodore?" 
Hmm? I'm pretty sure I've heard this voice somewhere. 
The moment her gaze alighted on the man in a suit and leather shoes in front of her, memories instantly came rushing at her, and she finally knew why he seemed so familiar. 
This is the man known as Mr.Wilson, whom I met at the washroom door after having been splashed with nail polish remover by Jacinta the other time! And this man called Theodore seems to be either his secretary or assistant. 
It was evident that Jake was in the car right then, but he didn't plan on getting out since this was merely a trivial matter to him.
Megan, however, wondered why he would suddenly visit the set. 
"Um...there's been a minor incident, Mr.Wilson." 
Theodore went over to the car door and leaned down a fraction. 
Just as Megan was pondering the question, the car door swung open, and a pair of exquisite leather shoes came into view. 
Then, a tall figure stepped out of the car. 
It was none other than Jake. 
However, his expression was exceedingly cold, and he didn't even spare Megan a glance. 
"Handle it." 
After saying that to Theodore, he swiftly strode toward the set. 
Megan stood there in a trance until he had disappeared into the set before she finally snapped back to her senses. 
After picking up the medicine from the ground, she hastily made her way back. 
Unexpectedly, she again saw Jake when she arrived back on set, and he was actually standing beside Adam. 
Adam and Jake seemed to be discussing something, so she didn't interrupt them.She merely placed the medicine on Adam's table quietly before returning to her stool at the side. 
Even sitting there, she could still vaguely hear their conversation.
"Is she okay these days?" 
The man’s voice was low and pleasant. 
But to Megan's surprise, Adam's attitude toward him was very different. 
Despite his usually curt attitude on set, he was particularly amiable toward this man. 
To top it off, Megan actually sensed that he seemed cautious with him. 
"You can rest assured with me here.She seems to be getting along well with the rest of the cast." 
While saying that, Adam casually cast a glance at the scene that was currently being filmed. 
Subsequently, he lowered his voice and suggested, "Why don't you talk to her yourself later in the afternoon?" 
"Okay." 
Jake nodded in agreement. 
That scene beckoned a sense of familiarity. 
All of a sudden, Megan realized that it was obviously not the man's first time here on set. 
The previous time, he seemed to have come to look for Adam as well. 
But she merely caught a glimpse of him then, so she wasn't quite certain. 
Now, however, she could say for sure that the person she saw back then was indeed him. 
As he came openly this time in broad daylight, many people on set noticed his presence.
When he was talking with Adam, Francesca and Kelly finished filming their scene. 
They both then walked over to Megan. 
Nevertheless, the crew didn't continue filming the next scene. 
All the cast and crew stopped in their tracks, but none of them left. 
They all stood there in a daze. 
Some wanted to go over yet hadn't the guts to approach and greet Jake, while others tried their best to minimize their presence. 
Everyone seemed extremely wary of him. 
Even Kelly merely glanced in Adam's direction furtively without saying anything after taking her seat. 
Conversely, Francesca remained unbothered, appearing calm and unruffled. 
"What's the matter? Why does everyone seem apprehensive?" Megan asked in a whisper just after Francesca had sat down beside her.
###Chapter 3150
"Huh?" 
Francesca's gaze was initially pinned on Jake in the middle, but she snapped back to her senses upon hearing Megan's question. 
After a few moments of stupefaction, she then gaped at Megan as though she was a fool who asked an absurd question. 
"Would everyone not be apprehensive when the big boss is here?" 
Francesca countered casually. 
Megan only knew the person in the middle as Mr.Wilson, but she didn't know that he was the drama's biggest investor. 
On her other side, Kelly seemed to have heard her question as well. 
Leaning over, she whispered, "Did you not see him during your audition? That's Jake Wilson, the biggest investor of this drama.Of course, it's not a big deal if he were merely an investor, but..." 
At that, she lifted her head and darted her gaze around before continuing in a murmur, "He's the youngest industrialist, the president of Wilson Group." 
Megan was aware of the Wilson Group she was speaking of. 
Not only was Sky Entertainment the biggest company in showbiz in her present lifetime, but it was also the case during her past life. 
It was rumored that there were many shareholders, but the biggest shareholder was Wilson Group.
Thus, one could say that Jake had always been a powerful man. 
However, Francesca seemed unfazed when Kelly said that. 
There was no adulation in her eyes. 
Instead, she seemed a touch disdainful of such a family background. 
And so, she merely commented placidly, "Putting it bluntly, he's just an exploitative capitalist. 
It's not just this drama, but Wilson Group invests in almost half the movies and dramas in showbiz." 
Upon hearing this, astonishment gripped Megan. 
Whoa! Investing means contributing financially! Oh wow, Wilson Group is really wealthy, then! But on the heels of this understanding, she seemed all the more baffled. 
Why didn't a big shot like him stay in the office but come here to such an isolated filming location? Don't tell me it's because he has taken a fancy to some actress? Thus, she inquired softly, "In that case, why is he here on set?" 
Kelly naturally had no idea, so she merely shrugged helplessly and shook her head. 
On the other side, Francesca, who heard her, chimed in mildly, "I don't know, but I heard that his parents are quite close with Mr.Kennedy, so perhaps he's here to look for him..." 
Megan, Francesca, and Kelly were gossiping in hushed voices, so they didn't even notice that not only their production team had stopped filming at Jake's arrival, but even the few teams next door had screeched to a halt. 
At present, they were all furtively stealing glances of him.
On the contrary, Megan was thinking about something else entirely, and she couldn't help shuddering inwardly. 
In her past life, she heard from Mia personally that it was Jake who wanted to kill her. 
If this man before me was the one who wanted to kill me in my previous lifetime, then I'll never have an opportunity to take my revenge considering the gap between us, no? While she was wallowing in despair, Jake was already done conversing with Adam and was about to leave. 
Although others dared to come over and watch the show, none dared to step forward and intrude. 
But just when Jake had reached the entrance of the set, Megan glimpsed a familiar figure who suddenly blocked his path, her demeanor that of a shy maiden. 
"Why did you have the time to visit the set today, Mr.Wilson?" 
Megan noticed that Mia was wholly different from her usual self while she was speaking.She presently lifted and dipped her beautiful face from time to time, likely due to her shyness.Her lovely crescent- shaped eyes shone with delight, her eyelashes fluttered like the wings of a fairy, and her eyes were glassy. 
Conversely, Jake frowned deeply. 
He truly couldn't recall the name of the lovely woman before him, only having a recollection of her last name. 
"You are..." 
Mia knew that he couldn't remember her full name, but still, she was happy that he remembered her last name.
She then promptly helped him out by murmuring, "I'm Mia Rockford, Mr.Wilson."
###Chapter 3151
At that, the corners of Jake's mouth lifted slightly, and he drawled, "Ah, that's right.I chose you." 
Back then, Mia was reluctant to accept the advertisement. 
Instead, it was Osmond who forced her to accept it. 
Later, when she learned that it was the youngest and most handsome president of the legendary Sky Entertainment who personally chose her, a burst of delight infused her, and she felt as though she would burst with joy. 
However, Megan was very surprised upon hearing that. 
Even if she’s slightly famous now, she's still a newbie, so why would a conglomerate like Sky Entertainment choose her for an endorsement? "Um... 
I heard that you'll be staying the night here, Mr.Wilson?" 
Mia mustered all her courage and asked after a moment's hesitation. 
Her cheeks were stained bright red, arousing an urge to take a bite out of them. 
Hearing that, Jake's alluring brows scrunched together deeply. 
Seemingly instinctually, he glanced in Megan's direction without saying anything. 
In truth, he didn't seem inclined to answer her. 
But upon seeing that Mia wasn't planning on leaving even after a long while had passed, he finally replied out of a sense of innate politeness, murmuring, "Yeah."
"In that case, are you free tonight, Mr.Wilson? I'm hoping..." 
Mia lifted her head a fraction, her gaze radiating a hint of shyness and anticipation. 
It was precisely that expression of hers that had countless men falling at her feet, for it downright aroused men's protectiveness. 
Upon seeing that, Megan sneered. 
After all, she knew that Mia would always put on such a shy expression when she wanted to sink her hooks into a man, feigning a pitiful demeanor by utilizing her wiles. 
But this time, Megan noticed something different from her expression. 
It also carried the overture of a young maiden who was on the cusp of her first love. 
It was the first time she had ever seen such an expression on her face. 
Well, well... 
She has just boasted to me the power and might of the man of her dreams a few days ago. 
From the look of things now, this is the man she bragged about. 
Besides, she seems to be serious this time. 
In that case, will I have gotten my revenge against her if I can snag Jake Wilson? Meanwhile, Jake didn't seem interested in Mia. 
However, he didn't know how to rebuff her, so the crease in his brows deepened further. 
Fortunately, Theodore was rather perceptive behind him.
"It's about time, Mr.Wilson; he chimed in. 
"Please excuse me." 
Seemingly relieved because of his assistant's reminder, Jake swiftly left the set with huge strides without the slightest concern for Mia's expression. 
Mia, on the other hand, obviously never expected to be spurned when she had such allure that she stood rooted to the spot. 
The dazzling smile on her petite face gradually froze, and she stared in the direction where Jake left with reluctance in her eyes. 
Jake's arrival and departure were like a whirlwind. 
Very quickly, filming resumed as usual as though it was all an inconspicuous interruption, albeit having caused a storm to brew within everyone's heart. 
Everyone gradually forgot about Jake's visit after he had left, and they all went about their own tasks. 
It all seemed as though Jake's appearance was merely a minor disruption. 
However, Megan committed Mia's actions earlier to mind. 
That night, she happened to wrap up at the same time as the rest of the crew since she stayed late to have a retake of a scene. 
Holding Kelly's bag, Joel interrupted Megan who was about to leave after having packed her things. 
"This is Kelly's bag.Would you mind returning it to her?"
"Sure, no problem; Megan agreed readily without giving it much thought.Then, she returned to the hotel with Kelly's bag.Kelly's suite was also on the top floor. 
However, it was different from the top floor where Mia stayed. 
Kelly was housed at the hotel's reserved area with an exclusive elevator. 
The suite had been specially prepared for her, and it wouldn't be rented out even if she didn't stay at the hotel on set. 
After informing the front desk in advance, Megan went up for the first time. 
The elevator steadily came to a stop on the highest floor. 
The moment she stepped out of the elevator, she unexpectedly glimpsed a figure pacing back and forth in the corridor.
###Chapter 3152
Megan was exceedingly surprised to see Mia there. 
After all, those who stayed there were either popular celebrities, big shots, or investors. 
While Mia enjoyed a bit of fame, she wasn't at the point where she was worthy of being there. 
Also, she was dressed to seduce. 
Although she was wearing a down jacket on the outside, the inside was a sexy nightie as sheer as gossamer, showcasing all her assets. 
Thus, the average man wouldn't be able to resist her the moment he glimpsed her dressing. 
To top it off, she was standing in front of Jake's room door. 
She lifted her hand before dropping it again, seemingly wanting to knock yet afraid to do so. 
After hesitating for a long moment, she finally mustered her courage and knocked on the door. 
A while later, the door swung open. 
Sure enough, it was Jake who stepped out. 
By then, he had already removed the jacket that he always wore during the day, wearing only a dark blue shirt. 
His necktie was also gone. 
His slightly messy collar and exposed chest rendered him incredibly enticing at that moment.
Despite his unchanged countenance upon seeing Mia's appearance, his expression went cold. 
"What is it?" 
His voice at that moment was so frosty that every single word seemed encased in ice as though he hoped to render her frozen. 
However, Mia was completely ignorant of the change in him. 
Still sounding as sweet as ever, she murmured, "It's cold out here, Mr.Wilson.Why don't we move this into the room?" 
After saying that, she lifted her head to reveal a pitiful expression as she gazed at him forlornly. 
Hunching her shoulders lightly, she allowed the down jacket to slip off, revealing her smooth and creamy shoulders. 
Hmm...interesting! Megan could naturally tell what she was trying to do. 
After all, she had been in showbiz for two lifetimes, so she had seen such a thing countless times. 
Nonetheless, it wasn't quite accurate to say that Mia was trying to snag Jake as a sugar daddy, for Megan could tell from the look in her eyes right then that she was serious. 
Well, well...it looks like the powerful and influential person of her dreams whom she bragged about back then was none other than Jake Wilson. 
Despite that, Megan couldn't help stifling a giggle. 
Considering her determined look back then, she had thought that Mia had long since bagged the so- called powerful man or captured his fancy at the very least.
But from the look of things now, it was simply a one-sided affair on Mia's part. 
Sure enough, a flash of annoyance flittered across Jake's eyes when he realized Mia's intention. 
However, it was concealed so quickly that Megan thought it was a trick of the light. 
"Why are you here, Ms.Rockford?" 
Jake's voice was exceedingly chilly that Mia felt a chill running down her spine.She lifted her head and looked at him innocently, her eyes shimmering with tears. 
"There are a few aspects I don't quite understand about the endorsement..." 
"Ah, I see.In that case..." 
At that, Jake paused for a moment. 
Just when Mia thought that there was hope and was poised to make her next move, his voice again rang out above her head. 
"You should go to the person in charge, Ms.Rockford." 
The moment she heard that her face instantly drained of color since it was clear as day that she had been ruthlessly rebuffed. 
Nevertheless, she had finally gotten an opportunity after such a long time, so she couldn't possibly just give up so easily. 
"I thought I could discuss it with you, Mr.Wilson..." 
This remark seemed to be colored with a hint of coquettishness.
As she said that, she even took the initiative to lean into his arms, but Jake imperceptibly dodged her. 
"If you really can't handle the endorsement, Ms.Rockford, Sky Entertainment doesn't have any problems replacing you with someone else." 
After saying that, he slammed the door closed without giving Mia any time to react, rejecting her once and for all. 
In no time, an idea abruptly occurred to Megan that had her heartbeat accelerating in the next instance as though her heart was about to pound out of her chest. 
When she had returned to her room, an absurd idea unwittingly flashed across her mind—Will I be raining absolute misery upon Mia if I can get Jake to fall in love with me?
###Chapter 3153 
It'll be just like her stealing Herman from me in my past life! But... 
Mia's looks are already mesmerizing, so how could I possibly make Jake fall in love with me when I'm not even half as beautiful as she is? After all, he ruthlessly rejected her despite her outstanding beauty! Despite telling herself time and again that it was impossible, the thought of stealing Jake away stuck in Megan's mind like a burr in tweed. 
She simply couldn't shake it off, her mind fixating on it to the point that she couldn't sleep even when the hour grew late. 
After mocking herself countless times, she finally managed to dislodge the absurd thought and drifted off. 
Alas, God seemed to mess with her again the next day by giving her a ray of hope. 
When she was done filming her scene, she sat down on a bench to rest. 
Just mere moments after she had done so, a low and alluring voice drifted into her ears. 
"You did very well earlier." 
She turned in the direction of the voice, only to see that it was Jake! Oddly enough, his gaze was pinned on Kelly, who was filming her scene, despite complimenting her. 
This had Megan feeling rather uncertain as to who exactly he was praising. 
"Uh...Who are you referring to, Mr.Wilson?" 
"You."
Only then did Jake turn to look at Megan. 
All at once, surprise flooded her.It was threaded with mild anxiety and unease, but she merged all the various emotions into indifference. 
"Well, thank you." 
She was thrilled at that very moment, but still, she kept telling herself that it might just be an off-hand remark from him. 
Well... 
No matter what, just strike up a conversation! At the very least, you'll leave an impression on him! she reckoned. 
Feeling as though her head was stuffed full of cotton, Megan then commented, "Do you like watching actors and actresses act despite being such a busy man, Mr.Wilson?" 
"Yeah." 
Unexpectedly, Jake promptly answered her, but his reply thwarted any further response from her since there was nothing to be said to that. 
A brief moment later, he abruptly got to his feet. 
Adam noticed it, but he merely hollered to Jake since the scene had just begun. 
"You're leaving, Mr.Wilson?" 
"Yeah." 
By then, Megan had realized that Jake was truly a taciturn person.
"Well, it's about time, I guess.Um...Megan, please see Mr.Wilson off on my behalf" 
Adam then ordered Megan. 
Jake subsequently threw another glance at the cast who were filming before he strode away. 
Only then did Megan snap back to her senses and hurriedly rush after him. 
While she was supposedly seeing him off, she kept a bit of distance between them, not daring to invite embarrassment once more. 
Nonetheless, Megan's hopes were in vain, for Mia still caught sight of her behind him at a single glance when they walked past the set where she was shooting an advertisement. 
Her eyes that were initially brimming with adulation toward Jake instantly blazed with murder, and she looked as though she wanted to charge over to strangle her right away. 
At that very moment, Megan felt intense hatred overwhelming her. 
Hah! This is nothing! What I saw in my previous life was far worse than this! No, I've got to give her a taste of the torment I experienced in my past life! As that thought came to her, her body simply reacted without any conscious thought. 
She hadn't had the time to change her shoes, so she suddenly tripped when her sky-high heels snagged on a rock. 
Jake didn't seem to have expected that, but he still swiftly extended a hand and steadied her. 
From Mia's angle, it appeared as though Megan was nestled in his arms.
Sure enough, Megan glimpsed Mia shooting to her feet at once out of the corner of her eye, her face a mask of fury. 
At that sight, gratification imbued Megan, and she felt even happier than if she had hit the jackpot. 
"Are you okay?" 
Her stumble was real, but she remained in Jake's arms. 
Only when he spoke did she snap back to reality. 
"Oh, I'm sorry.Thank you, Mr.Wilson." 
She hastily extricated herself from his embrace, only to unexpectedly glimpse a hint of a blush staining his face. 
Nevertheless, it faded quickly, and his expression reverted to its usual indifference. 
"I'll take it from here"
###Chapter 3154
After a final glance at Megan, Jake whirled around and left. 
Meanwhile, Megan remained rooted to the spot. 
Inwardly, she couldn't help wondering, Did Mr.Wilson know that it was a deliberate stumble on my part? Before she had finished pondering upon it, a sharp voice colored with feminine delicateness interrupted her, sounding exceedingly unpleasant. 
"Megan Rockford! Don't think I can’t see through your tricks! You're simply shameless!" 
Mia's face was flushed bright red. 
Stalking over to her with fury written all over her face, she shot daggers at her. 
Despite her murderous expression, Megan was exceedingly calm. 
"What's so shameless about that?" 
"Why didn't I know that you've got such thick skin back in the village that you'd throw yourself at a man in broad daylight? Tsk-tsk, you've truly shameless, Megan!" 
Mia tried her best to demean her. 
"Then, tell me what it's called to knock on a man's door in the middle of the night." 
The moment Mia heard Megan's words, her initially livid expression blanched, immediately turning as white as a sheet. 
"W-What are you talking about? I-I don't get it!" she stammered.
At that, the corners of Megan's mouth lifted. 
"You should know best what I'm talking about, no? But in my opinion, your methods are really lousy.Well, no wonder Mr.Wilson has no interest in you! After all, you had all but stripped naked, yet he still rejected you!" 
Then, she sauntered away right before Mia's eyes. 
Mia was foaming at the mouth then, but words simply eluded her. 
When Megan returned to the set, she noticed Kelly staring at her, making it obvious that she had misunderstood everything. 
Since people were already assuming that she only attained her current popularity by creating a scandal with Jonas, she truly didn't want to add Jake to the rumors. 
But before she could explain, Kelly had already retracted her gaze. 
When she walked past her, she placidly murmured, "Mr.Wilson is a good choice." 
Megan was entirely stunned, for she saw that the look in her eyes earlier didn't seem to be disgust but yearning. 
Precisely speaking, it was envy. 
"He's young, successful, and handsome.Most importantly, he can give you your heart's desires." 
Gazing in the direction where Jake had long since disappeared, Kelly added thoughtfully, "You're smarter than me." 
After saying that, she left with her assistant.
Megan, on the other hand, merely stood there dazedly. 
She seems to have regarded me as the kind of person who'll seduce a man for personal gain, but her remarks were indeed strange. 
Since she couldn't figure it out, she decided not to continue torturing herself and went back to the studio.It so happened that a crew member walked over to update her. 
"Megan, you've got a scene with your childhood friend today.A new actor is here, so you two should get acquainted first." 
When he had said that, he pointed at a man by the side who was talking to someone else with his back to them. 
As Megan looked at that back, a sense of familiarity niggled at her. 
As soon as the man turned around, she was instantly stunned. 
This isn't mere familiarity, for I'll never forget him even if his countenance were disfigured beyond recognization! It was none other than Herman. 
Looking handsome, Herman flashed her a bright smile and even extended a hand to her. 
"Nice to meet you.I'm Herman Clear.You're Mia's sister, yes?" 
If Megan hadn't been shoved off the rooftop at his very hands in the previous lifetime, she would've really been fooled by his polite demeanor. 
The hand she had in her bag trembled slightly. 
Due to her hatred of him, she merely inclined her head at him a fraction without shaking his hand.
Having been greeted with the same indifferent look the previous time he met her, Herman merely assumed that she was too shy to say anything and didn't take offense at her. 
While filming, Megan made numerous mistakes when she had to gaze upon Herman's countenance. 
To that end, Adam had to keep calling for a retake. 
Fortunately, she had received much praise during the past few days, so Adam merely reckoned that she might not be feeling well that day and remained patient without tearing into her. 
They filmed until dust was fast approaching before they finally wrapped up.
###Chapter 3155
When Megan went to check the computer, she realized she had a stiff look the entire time. 
In fact, the stiffness was as if she had been in a failed plastic surgery. 
The director, Adam Kennedy, truly had been patient with her. 
When Megan saw Herman discussing the script with the other staff members, rage spiked in her. 
At the same time, curiosity seeped into her mind. 
In her past life, she had not been in Transcendent, and she had met Herman before joining the crew. 
In her current life, she had changed her fate, and she thought that meant she would not meet Herman again. 
Yet, she did. 
Fate is playing a joke on me. 
However, Herman had not thought that he had been the cause of what happened during the afternoon. 
When he saw Megan turning to leave, he cried out, seemingly unsatisfied. 
"Megan, wait.Is there some kind of misunderstanding between us?" 
Instead of replying to him, Megan continued walking forward. 
Yet, it seemed like Herman was adamant about confronting Megan.He hurried forward, seemingly uninterested in giving up until his goal was achieved.
"Wait, Megan.Do you treat others like this too?" 
Herman wondered. 
Until then, Megan had been scowling at him. 
"Is there anything I can help you with?" 
Megan uttered, still staring at him with a dark look. 
"Well, not really;’ Herman shyly said. 
Then, he continued, "Do...you know how has your sister been? I sent her—" 
"I don't" 
His words had felt as if he had dunked her in icy cold water, and for a moment, she found it hard to breathe.She had not expected Herman to come asking her about Mia. 
Yet, when she thought about it, she realized they had no common topics to chat about anyway. 
It was something she should have known since her past life. 
Megan laughed at herself inwardly for having assumed that things would be different. 
It seemed like Herman did like Mia. 
Completely oblivious to the change in Megan's mood, Herman insisted, "Aren't you sisters? How can you not know?" 
At the sight of Herman's look of adoration, wrath thrummed through her veins. 
! was nothing but a joke in my past life.
Everything I did was for a man, and in the end, that man was the one who push me to my death.Not only did my life end, but my feelings did too. 
No matter if it's in my past life or if it's in this life. 
Herman has never noticed me. 
The one he'll always love is Mia. 
He'll never spare a glance at me. 
"Must I know everything about her? Shouldn't you be the one who knows more about her?" 
Megan had been loud when she said those words, and it seemed like Herman was startled by her tone. 
he did not continue, but his face fell. 
He then mumbled under his breath, "Those rumors aren't true.She won't even spare me a word." 
Megan did not react to that. 
She knew Megan was ignoring Herman. 
After all, Mia had only bothered herself with Herman because she wanted to snatch the only person Megan had from her. 
As she did not know Herman in this life, Mia would be focused on Jake instead. 
However, there was something Megan could not wrap her head around. 
Mia clearly had everything.
In her past life, Mia was a popular celebrity while Megan was a nobody. 
She was incomparable to Mia, yet Mia was adamant about targeting her. 
Moreover, even though she only had Herman in her past life, Mia needed not to soil herself by forcing herself to be with Herman. 
She had enough power to have destroyed Megan's life without ever lifting a finger. 
"Megan, could you please tell your sister that I just want to be her friend? That's all.Just a friend." 
Herman still refused to give up, thinking that Megan would have a way to convey his message to Mia.
###Chapter 3156
However, there was no way Megan would help Herman. 
Every time she looked at him, she could recall the misery she went through in her past life.It would not even be too much of her if she killed him, so there was no way she would ever help him. 
"Why are you talking to me when you're trying to court her? You should talk to her yourself" 
With those harsh words said, Megan spun on her heels and left. 
Herman stood transfixed, unable to figure out why Megan was furious at him. 
Herman was only playing the role of a minor character in the show, so he did not have many scenes to film. 
By the second day, the two no longer had any scenes to film together. 
Therefore, after that day, Megan returned to her usual self when filming. 
As a supporting role, she, too, was soon done with her scenes. 
After spending a period of time with the crew, Megan had built a relatively good relationship with the other members of the crew, especially Francesca Chandler. 
After dinner, Francesca even held her hand, reluctant to let her leave. 
"Megan, what am I going to do once you're gone? These people are people I can't afford to cross.I don't even have anyone to talk to," 
Francesca whined before rolling her eyes at Janice Landry.
Megan chuckled. 
"Shh, Don't let Josiah Zimmerman hear you.He might target you in the future.Have you forgotten how it was like when I first came?" 
Francesca barked out a laugh. 
"Does he even dare to?" 
Right.I've nearly forgotten about Francesca's unique Status in the crew. 
Even until Megan left the site, Kelly did not speak much with Megan. 
Megan cared little about it; it did not matter to her whether it was because of the previous incident or something else. 
After the group had a farewell dinner, they were about to leave in smaller groups. 
Right as she walked to the entrance of the hotel, a yellow Rolls Royce abruptly stopped in front of it. 
Immediately, a dark look crossed Kelly's face. 
"Mr.Kennedy, I'll be taking my leave first." 
It was evident that Adam had seen the car too, but he showed no expressions on his face. 
He only nodded as Kelly went up into the car. 
Before she did, Adam even turned to look at Megan. 
It seemed like Adam wanted to talk to her. 
Despite the fact that the car was long gone, his gaze was still fixed at where it used to be.
"That's how the showbiz is." 
Megan was puzzled.It seemed like Adam was drunk as he continued walking down the road. 
Then, he said something. 
Although he was not loud, Megan had caught what he said. 
"Kelly is a good actress, but it doesn't matter when no one's supporting her." 
Megan instantly understood what he meant, and she finally figured out what Kelly had said to her that day. 
It was not the first time Megan had come across something similar, but she had not expected that it would happen to Kelly as well. 
As far as Megan knew, Kelly was like her. 
They were stubborn about pursuing the art of acting. 
Moreover, Kelly had just debuted, but she had gotten most of the major awards. 
Yet, to Megan's surprise, Kelly still needed someone to back her up in the industry. 
However, Megan was quick to realize that no matter how well her acting skills were, she needed to build herself a good foundation. 
Despite Kelly's current popularity, she would soon be replaced by new actresses in a few years’ time. 
Moreover, Kelly's public image had restricted the roles she would be offered. 
It would be difficult for her to obtain roles for other kinds of characters.
In fact, ! think the man in that car helped her to get this role. 
However, those were words that Adam told Megan and no one else. 
After hearing it, Megan chose to erase that part of her memory. 
In the morning of the next day, Megan stepped out of the house, about to leave the filming site, only to encounter Francesca by her doorway. 
"Come, let me send you off." 
It seemed like Francesca was genuinely reluctant to let her leave. 
She had a baseball cap on her head as a disguise, and she looked somewhat like a ruffian. 
Megan did not reject her. 
After all, it was easy to read Francesca's thoughts as they were written all over her face. 
It seemed like Francesca really saw her as a friend. 
"We'll definitely meet in the future," 
Megan said when they bid each other farewell. 
Then, they hugged. 
In her past life, she had no friends. 
In this one, she would not either. 
Just as she reached home, her phone began vibrating non-stop.
Annoyed by the noises, she hurriedly looked and realized it was a call from Donna.
###Chapter 3157
Megan lifted a brow as she accepted the call. 
Instantly, Donna's voice traveled into her ears. 
"Megan, come and help Jacinta out.It's hectic at her side" 
Without waiting for Megan's reply, Donna ended the call. 
Megan could not reject her. 
After all, she was Jacinta's assistant. 
Being an actress was only her side job. 
Moreover, Transcendent was only going to be released in April. 
Thus, Megan did not have the right to reject Donna's request. 
After speeding to Jacinta's dressing room, she opened the door only to be greeted by a flying makeup brush. 
Jacinta roared, "What the f*ck is this makeup? Redo it!" 
It was normal for Jacinta to lose her temper over such matters. 
However, if Megan's eyes were not fooling her, she spotted a hint of anxiety in Jacinta's expression. 
Suppressing the confusion rising in her, Megan did her best to help her while figuring out what was going on.
It was only when she saw the person who entered the room, then did she realized what the situation was. 
As Megan quietly swept the floor, she prayed that Jonas would not notice her. 
However, luck was not on her side. 
The moment Jonas stepped into the room, he spotted her, and a look of disdain was quick to appear on his face. 
"Why is she here?" 
Oh no, Megan thought. 
She had crossed Jonas a while back when she used him, and she had crossed Jacinta at the same time. 
Now that the two had appeared simultaneously, she was doomed. 
Upon hearing Jonas' voice, Jacinta spun around, thrilled. 
In fact, she even pulled her already impossibly low collar lower before smiling at Jonas. 
"Jonas, you're here." 
After exchanging greetings, Jacinta then signaled Dominic to pull Megan in between the two of them. 
"She's my assistant.I'm sure you know her, right? Well, after all, the two of you..." 
At the thought of that, Jacinta‘s nails dug into her palms. 
She did not want to continue as she cast her gloomy gaze at Megan's calm expression.
Jonas knew Jacinta was talking about the rumor from last time.Even he, a friendly man, could not help but narrow his eyes. 
The atmosphere turned tense. 
"Jacie, I'm not interested in a countryside bumpkin." 
Hearing that, a smile grew on Megan's face. 
However, it was quick to disappear.She did not think of herself as someone capable of attracting Jonas, but Jacinta was still making things difficult for her over a fictitious matter. 
When Jacinta, who looked grim, heard his words, she instantly brightened up. 
With a smile, she uttered, "Haha! That's why the company has sent me Megan.She's new, and she doesn't know anything.Of course she'll need my guidance.Jonas, there's no point in getting mad because of her.Come." 
Megan was silent the entire time. 
She knew that Jacinta had asked for her to come just to hear Jonas clarify that the two were not involved with each other. 
Moreover, Jacinta wanted Megan to realize her lowly status. 
It was a pity, as she knew herself better than anyone else after her reborn. 
Megan was going to be the butterfly that emerged from its cocoon; not the ugly duckling who drowned. 
Jacinta's action would not faze her.
With Jonas now by her side, Jacinta finally stopped putting her into tight spots. 
She even seemed more even-tempered, and Megan could finally catch a break. 
She then headed to the second floor. 
Right as she was about to sit down, Donna pressed a can of cold coffee against her face. 
The cold spread its icy tendrils across her face, and Megan swiftly took the can from her. 
After opening it, she closed her eyes to enjoy the cooling liquid sliding down her throat. 
"There's more to the suffering in the near future. 
Jacinta deliberately asked for you to come after you finished your filming. 
Your future will be a tough one now that you've crossed two prominent figures." 
Donna shrugged, feeling pity toward Megan. 
However, Megan only gave her a small smile. 
"It's fine.I'd do the same even if I go back in time.Moreover, I'd think of a way when the future comes.I'll take one step at a time." 
The two were in the middle of a merry chat when they were interrupted by an abrupt chaos downstairs. 
It was only after they stood up and checked things out did they realize Jacinta had lost something.
###Chapter 3158
Jacinta was rummaging through her drawers in a panic, but the look in her eyes was calm. 
Megan noticed the contrast, and she immediately deduced that things would not be as simple as they seemed. 
Donna rushed to Jacinta's side and urgently asked, "Jacinta, what are you looking for?" 
"My necklace! My favorite necklace is gone! It's worth three million.Even if you sell everything you own, you'll never be able to compensate me for it.Hurry and look for it!" 
By then, Jonas arrived as well, having been attracted by the commotion. 
When Jacinta saw him, she lunged into his arms and started wailing, "What do I do, Jonas? My necklace is missing! That's my favorite item!" 
Jonas patted her back and consoled, "It's okay, it's okay.Just look around for it.I'm sure it's not lost." 
However, no one could find anything even after a thorough search. 
Thus, it had become a fact that Jacinta's necklace was truly lost. 
In Jonas’ arms, Jacinta sobbed. 
Megan watched her from the side quietly, knowing that it was all but a show by Jacinta.It was an excuse for her to come into close contact with Jonas. 
Right then, a thought entered Donna's mind. 
After a long while of hesitation, she mumbled, "I think Megan was the one to tidy up the jewelry box."
Despite her reluctance to voice it out loud, Donna had still done so. 
Everyone then turned to look at Megan suspiciously.She's a country bumpkin.She must not have seen pretty jewelry. 
That must be why she stole it. 
Right then, Megan finally realized why Jacinta had gone through some trouble to set up the show. 
However, she calmly took out her bag and showed the crowd. 
"It's true that I tidied up the jewelry box, but I didn't take anything."Yet, Jacinta insisted, "It's worth more than three million! I want to search her!" 
"I said I didn't take it" 
"Ha," 
Jacinta sneered before staring at Megan's face. 
"It's too early to say that.Maybe you hid it somewhere out of sight.Strip! If we still can't find anything, it means you're innocent." 
Almost immediately, Megan's expression turned as dark as the night. 
She gritted her teeth as her hands balled into fists. 
Jacinta's not trying to blame me for theft; she's trying to humiliate me! "No, came Megan's short answer. 
When Jacinta's eyes met Megan's, a chill threatened to run down her spine.
Furrowing as she looked at Megan, Jacinta then laughed. 
"Why, you stole my things, but you're giving me that look? It's one thing for you to steal my makeup like you did before, but this time, you've gone overboard.I have to teach you a lesson!" 
Hearing Jacinta's words, the crowd was dumbfounded with disbelief. 
Those who knew Jacinta knew about her temper. 
Stealing from Jacinta was the same as stealing from a queen. 
Who gave her the courage to do this? The heated discussion that was ongoing around them traveled into Megan's ears. 
As she looked at Jacinta, she sneered. 
There's no way I'm going to take off my clothes.I've crossed Jacinta anyway.It won't matter if I cross her again. 
With that thought in mind, Megan took a few steps closer toward Jacinta. 
Right as she was about to pretend to trip and pull down Jacinta's dress to strip her instead, Jonas suddenly stood up. 
"Jacie, there's no need to do this." 
His calm and steady voice made Jacinta's heart shudder.She turned around to look at him with a doting but frustrated gaze. 
"She's used you, and she stole my things.Why are you talking on behalf of a despicable person like her?"
Jacinta had never spoken to him in that way, and his good impression of her was beginning to fade away. 
A little infuriated, he knitted his brows and said, "You have no proof to say that she's the thief.Moreover, it's too vile to confront her in this way.I can't bear to keep watching this" 
Jacinta froze as her heart skipped a beat. 
It was then she realized it seemed like she had crossed the line. 
She had wanted to embarrass Megan, but it seemed as though she had embarrassed herself instead.
###Chapter 3159
When Jonas realized the two were silent, his gaze landed on Megan as he softly muttered, "We have surveillance cameras here.As long as we check the footage, we'll know where it is.If it's really her who did this, we'll send her to the police station.Jacie, there's no need for you to dirty your hands for this." 
Although he was right, Jacinta was still furious. 
There was no way she cared about a mere necklace, not to mention the fact that she was not wearing any necklace; she only wanted to take revenge on the ignorant woman. 
As Megan looked at Jacinta's frustrated expression, she laughed inwardly. 
At the same time, she let out a quiet sigh of relief. 
If Jonas had not stood out to defuse the situation, Megan would have continued with her plan. 
"Well, then.We'll find out the truth when we check the surveillance footage," Megan calmly uttered. 
Unbeknownst to everyone but Megan herself, there was a slight tremble in her voice. 
Despite her dissatisfaction, Jacinta could do nothing about it. 
She stomped her foot in anger before shooting a glare at Donna. 
"Hurry and check the footage!" 
Donna visibly shuddered from Jacinta's roar, and she mumbled her replies before running toward the security control room. 
At that, Megan huffed, but she did nothing to expose Jacinta.
As long as Donna went, it would not matter even if Jacinta was not actually wearing any necklace. 
After all, Donna was one of Jacinta's people, and she would cover up the incident for the latter. 
Minutes later, the crowd dispersed. 
However, Megan remained standing on the same spot. 
Just as she was about to ask Jonas why he was helping her, Jacinta's voice traveled into her ears again. 
"Jonas, listen to me..." 
When Megan lifted her head, she saw Jacinta about to explain something to Jonas. 
However, he rejected her. 
At that, Megan laughed, feeling both smug and exasperated. 
Jacinta's action had disgusted Jonas, and he was clearly maintaining a distance away from her now. 
Megan knew Jacinta was going to hold her accountable for that as well. 
As the confusion in her heart was still present, when Megan saw Jacinta looking upset and no longer following Jonas around, Megan secretly went after him. 
After a short jog, Megan caught up with him before he could retreat to his own green room. 
She was panting when she grabbed the edge of his shirt. 
Raising her head to look at him, she questioned, "Why did you help me?" 
It was a straightforward question.
Perplexed by the sudden appearance of Megan, he quietly pulled his shirt away from her grasp and took a step back. 
"I said I couldn't bear watching it.I thought you came to me to thank me." 
After evening out her breaths, she smiled and cheekily replied, "Of course.I'm immensely thankful to you." 
Jonas hummed as he folded his arms. 
Then, he hunched over and narrowed his eyes before enunciating, "But I hate you." 
Who would like a woman who used them? Megan knew what he was thinking, so she did not mind his words. 
She sighed before mumbling, "I know, but since you've helped me, I'd like to be honest with you. 
I planned whatever happened that day. 
Part of why I've gotten my first role is because of you. 
I'll remember this forever, even if you hate me" 
The woman in front of Jonas continued to mumble under her breath, Jonas realized she looked nothing like the calm and steady woman she was a moment ago. 
However, Jonas remained expressionless as he listened to her. 
He was used to seeing the tricks and traps of the entertainment industry, so he knew to take everything with a grain of salt.
Moreover, Megan had set him up in the past. 
"Enough.You're done using me, so please stay away from me from now on.That'll be the best kind of thanks from you.You don't need to take what happened today to heart" 
Jonas did not want Megan to assume that he was a kindhearted, righteous man, and he did not want Megan to overthink the incident. 
Thus, he did his best to look apathetic to the matter as he spoke in a placid tone. 
Megan lowered her eyes and stared at the bottom of Jonas’ pants. 
She knew no one would trust her—not that she expected him to trust her anyway—but she did not want to owe anyone any favors. 
However, she would remember what Jonas had done for her today.
###Chapter 3160
"I understand" 
With a nod, Megan turned to leave. 
Just as Jonas was about to enter his green room, he halted in his tracks and stared at Megan's retreating figure.He uttered, "Go home earlier.If you stick around, Jacinta's going to be mad at you again." 
Hearing him, Megan turned around, but he was already gone. 
After returning to the filming site, Megan realized that as Jacinta was in a foul mood, the latter had requested to end the afternoon shooting earlier. 
When they were on the way back, Megan and Donna sat in the backseat of the van. 
They could sense the tension in the air, and Megan knew it was a sign of an incoming storm. 
"Megan Rockford.Come here!" 
Eventually, I'll have to face the music. 
Megan found it a little suffocating to be in the cramped space, but she soon got used to it. 
When she raised her head to look at Jacinta's scrunched-up face, it felt as if she was looking at a tsunami rushing toward her. 
"Megan, what is your relationship with Jonas?" 
Her voice was like a banshee, and it made the hairs on Megan's arms rise along with the goosebumps.
Staring at her, Megan mocked, "What kind of relationship could we have? I told you we don't know each other.I only used him to make myself more popular." 
"He doesn't know you?" 
Jacinta sneered before screaming, "If he doesn't know you, why would he stand up for you? You liar! You b*tch!" 
Jacinta's curses were piercing to her ears, and Megan felt the urge to record all her words to show her fans what Jacinta was truly like. 
Unable to stand Jacinta's hysterical screeches, she forced herself to focus elsewhere. 
Right then, she thought about her failed plan from earlier. 
If Megan was to have a falling out with Jacinta, the most that would happen to her would be her departure from Starling Media. 
At the start, she was worried that leaving the company would be an obstacle to the progression of her career, as Transcendent had yet to air. 
However, it seemed like she would be nothing but Jacinta's personal punching bag if she continued to stay in Starling Media. 
After all, no matter whether it was her past life or her current one, Luna had never thought of her as someone important. 
"Maybe Jonas couldn't stand looking at your arrogant demeanor, and that's why he stood up for me." 
There was a moment of silence after Megan's words as both Donna and Jacinta froze.
Jacinta even widened her eyes, unable to process what Megan had said for a moment.She was one of the most popular celebrities, and everyone always treated her with respect. 
Yet, a countryside bumpkin had just said that she was arrogant. 
"Y-You—" 
Jacinta stabbed a finger in Megan's direction, but she could not form a full sentence. 
After taking in multiple deep breaths, then she finally snapped, "How dare you say that I'm arrogant? Who do you think you are? What right do you have to get Jonas to putting good word for you?" 
By then, Jacinta's hair and makeup were in a mess, revealing the aging lines on her face. 
Looking at her, Megan laughed before mocking, "Maybe it's because...I'm young." 
"Ah!" 
All of a sudden, Jacinta maniacally pulled Megan's hair. 
The mascara on her face was streaking down her cheeks, and at that moment, she looked like a demon straight from hell. 
"Let go of me!" 
Megan did not think the words would agitate her that much. 
Her scalp was aching from Jacinta's pull, but she could not struggle much in a narrow space. 
"Megan, do you want a horrible life in Starling Media? If you dont beg me for forgiveness, I'm never going to let you off!"
The way Jacinta said it was as though Megan would definitely do as she said. 
Jacinta's really overestimating Starling Media's worth to her. 
"Dream on!" 
"You—" 
The tension between them was growing stronger and stronger with every passing second, and Donna was fretting at the side. 
In her panic, she uttered, "Jacinta, Luna's still waiting for you." 
It was an effective move. 
Upon hearing the mention of Luna's name, Jacinta calmed down visibly. 
However, her face was still scrunched up as she dragged Megan out of the car and into the building. 
Megan struggled the entire time, but even until they reached Luna's office, she still could not break free from Jacinta's grip.
###Chapter 3161
"Luna, look at the brat you've found! She keeps getting in my face!" 
With a loud bang, Jacinta kicked the door of Luna's office brashly. 
The next second, she froze. 
Little did she know that Luna was having guests in her office now. 
Seeing that Jacinta was stunned on the spot, Megan seized the opportunity to stomp on her foot, and Jacinta immediately released her grip on her and clutched her foot, wailing in pain. 
"Jacinta, what happened to you?" Luna asked, shaken by her wretched appearance. 
Then, she took a look at Megan who was standing at the side. 
The moment she saw the indifferent look on her face, she realized that it must have something to do with Megan. 
"Wow, Megan! Where have you been? Did you go to the construction site? Or did you have a wild night with the men in the nightclub? Look at yourself.How disheveled! Tsk tsk." 
Mia chided all of a sudden. 
The guests whom Luna was having were none other than Mia and her manager, Osmond. 
They were here today to renew her contract since she had worked with Starling Media for over half a year. 
Mia was fiddling with the signed contract deliberately, but Megan did not feel a thing.
If this happened in the past, maybe I'd be jealous of her. 
After all, the contract that I had was a temporary contract. 
Besides, it would be a sign of recognition from Starling Media if they offered me a permanent contract with them. 
Now, Megan chuckled nonchalantly in response and ran her fingers through her tousled hair. 
With a cold smile tugging on her lips, she replied, "Unfortunately, you're wrong.I had no idea the most famous female celebrity of Starling Media was a shrew.In my opinion, my young, pretty sister should replace her to be the face of the company." 
Although Megan did not name any names, Jacinta knew that she was talking about her being older and uglier than Mia. 
Before she could retort, Luna jumped in and pointed sternly at Megan. 
"Shut up, Megan! If you still want to renew your contract with Starling Media, apologize to Jacinta now! She stared Megan down, but to her surprise, Megan was totally indifferent to her warning just now.Does she no longer care about her contract with us? She's such a manipulative girl. 
She even tried to sow discord between Mia and Jacinta. 
Luckily, I've stopped her before things get out of hand. 
Standing rooted on the spot, Megan knew that she was all alone in this mess.She swept a glance around the room and found that they were all looking at her with different emotions on their faces. 
Even Mia, who was normally self-willed and arrogant, had her mouth shut. 
Everyone was waiting for her next action.
Megan lowered her gaze and sighed inwardly. 
In my previous life, Starling Media did nothing to make me thrive in the entertainment industry. 
And now, they've made me Jacinta'’s punching bag. 
It was a waste of my life to be staying in this company. 
As she pondered on it, she took two steps forward and lifted her gaze. 
With an exhausted look on her, she heaved a sigh of relief and said, "Sorry.I no longer want to renew my contract with Starling Media." 
The way Megan said it sounded as if Luna had begged her to renew her contract with them. 
She had always been an even-tempered person, but now Megan's words made her eyebrows twitch in frustration. 
Meanwhile, Mia could no longer stand Megan's arrogant attitude and rebuked in a shrill voice, "Megan, are you out of your mind? You're worthless to the company.Don't talk like we're begging you to stay." 
As soon as she said that, Osmond immediately held her arm, wanting to pull her out of the office. 
Megan let out a scoff in return. 
"Well, Starling Media is nothing to me as well.Dear sister, I hope you can make a name for yourself here and eliminate those old-aged stars in this company.You're the prettiest one in here after all." 
Megan is never like this before.
Baffled by her shower of praise, Mia intended to ask further, but Osmond had dragged her away from them. 
Perhaps the only person who did not realize that Luna's office had turned into a battlefield was Mia. 
"Alright, I'm leaving.Jacinta, I wish you all the best in your career." 
Megan waved her hand and was about to leave when Jacinta, who had been keeping quiet at the side, suddenly walked over and blocked her way out. 
She said, "Even though you're not under Starling Media anymore, the signed contract of you being my assistant is still valid" 
"Oh? I didn't expect that you'd still want to work with me." 
Megan knew what she was thinking anyway. 
What she wanted was none other than to torture her because Jacinta just could not let go of her hatred. 
"Yes, I'd love to continue having you with me." 
Jacinta chuckled lightly, calm and composed. 
However, Luna was rather worried about the situation in front of her eyes.
###Chapter 3162
Luna stepped forward and grabbed Jacinta’s hand, keeping her away from Megan. 
"Jacinta, we can always find you a new assistant, okay? She's not suitable for you.All she does is cause you trouble." 
Luna tried to turn Jacinta down tactfully. 
Giving Megan the side-eye, it was obvious that Luna regarded her as a rubbish actress that would bring nothing but trouble to the company. 
"But"—Jacinta lowered her gaze and raised it back abruptly, glaring at Megan with a ruthless expression—" can't forgive this b*tch!" 
Megan looked at her and shook her head wordlessly. 
Hmm, it seems like I've ‘excited’ her too much today. 
But since I've decided to leave here, I don't mean to hold onto my grudge against her after this. 
Since this might be the fast time I'd see her, I might as well give her something even more exciting.She smirked and deliberately said, "Jacinta, when you were out just now, Mia had signed..." 
"Shut up!" 
Luna was getting irritated with Megan. 
Since the moment she entered her office, she had been trying to drive a wedge between Mia and Jacinta, who were the top celebrities of their company.
Megan was unstirred and smiled at her instead. 
"You can't stop the inevitable, Luna.Why cover up the truth? I believe the signed contract that Mia was showing off to me just now includes a five-year TV show contract from the company.In no time, she can be more famous than now if you continue to support her well." 
Well, that is if she didn't offend me in the past life. 
Her reply struck Jacinta like a bolt from the blue, and she rushed to Luna's desk at once and snatched the contract into her hands. 
Staring at the clause stated on it, she staggered a few steps back, almost losing her footing. 
A woman's worst nightmare was ageing. 
She knew what it would mean to her career in the future.She could not care less about Mia renewing her contract with the company, but this TV show contract caught her completely off guard. 
"You're going to make this village girl rise to fame, aren't you?" 
Jacinta lost it and threw the papers down on the desk with her bloodshot eyes. 
For the whole day, she had not calmed down for one bit. 
Luna knew that no matter what she said to Jacinta now, she would not listen to her explanation. 
Therefore, she just let her go through the contract and proceeded to deal with Megan first. 
Luna tugged her out of the office and closed the door behind them, wearing her typical indifferent expression. 
"Are you happy now? Why are you doing this? Is it because I only support your sister?"
Megan shook her head calmly.Her attitude was aloof, as if she was talking about something totally unrelated to herself. 
"No, I'm not happy.As for your decision to help my sister, I've long expected that." 
In the corridor, both of them stood side by side, not looking at each other. 
Wearing a business suit, Luna looked as professional as ever. 
Professionalism and emotions did not mix. 
Thus, she would never show her emotions to worthless people and matters. 
With her arms crossed in front of her, she kept silent for a while before saying coldly, "That's enough.We have nothing much to talk about between us.Your situation now is the consequence of your decision.It's true that our company is more willing to invest in your sister.Don't blame us for being cruel.It's fate that makes you so ordinary.Since you've quit, move out the company's accommodation by tonight." 
Some people never change. 
She is so stingy that she doesn't even give me the time to find a new place. 
Megan stood in the shadow and said nothing. 
In the past life, Luna also acted so cold and distant towards me. 
I worked hard every day because I naively believed that she would give me warmth one day. 
In the end, it finally dawned on me that I couldn't defy the harsh reality of society.
Megan looked at the white wall calmly and said something out of the topic, "No matter which life we're living in, you'll never ask me to stay." 
She was not upset, but she was unwilling to concede defeat. 
My value has not been proven yet. 
Just then, Jacinta came out of the office.She had finished reading through the contract and was just about to leave when she heard Megan's previous sentence. 
"Why should Luna ask you to stay? Did you seriously think that you're a celebrity after you have that female supporting role?" she remarked in an aggressive tone, seemingly wanting to pick a fight with Megan. 
However, Megan gave her a mere glance before walking away to the elevator, unperturbed.
###Chapter 3163
As Megan walked out of Starling Media, she was surprised to see Donna pacing around at the entrance. 
As soon as Donna saw her, she immediately ran towards Megan. 
It seemed as if she had been waiting there for long. 
"Megan, are you leaving Starling Media? Where will you go then?" 
Donna furrowed her brows deeply, genuinely concerned. 
"Are you going to another agency?" 
Her strings of questions stumped Megan.She had just come out from Starling Media, so she had not thought much about it yet. 
Looking up at the sky that had turned dark blue, she suddenly had an idea that popped into her mind. 
"No, I'm not going to any agency." 
She grinned and made up her mind. 
"I'll find myself a manager." 
In the entertainment industry, the majority of actors and actresses were bonded to agencies as they had a plethora of resources and platforms. 
But there were also a few celebrities, especially the superstars who had all the resources and connections, who set up their teams and later established studios or entertainment agencies.
However, with Megan's current condition, she definitely could not afford to have her own studio, so she could only hire a manager to handle her day-to-day schedules. 
Upon hearing Megan's idea, Donna thought that she had lost her mind. 
She gaped in disbelief, speechless. 
After a while, she finally composed herself and asked, "Are you going to work without an agency?" 
Then, she continued to stare at Megan exaggeratedly and pressed her hand against her forehead. 
Realizing that it was not a fever that made Megan speak those crazy thoughts, she heaved a sigh and continued, "You have to think through your decision clearly.You're not those big-shot celebrities that have plenty of resources and conrections.If you manage your career yourself, it's going to be very tiring." 
Needless to say, Megan understood the hardship that went along with her decision.She smiled in response and said no more. 
Now that she had made up her mind, she had no intention of changing it. 
Seeing the determination from her eyes, Donna scratched her head and questioned, "Do you have a manager candidate in your mind?" 
"Uhm, nope." 
Megan stuck her tongue out mischievously. 
Although she was a small-time celebrity in her past life, she did not have anyone good in mind. 
After all, it was not easy to find managers who would do their job wholeheartedly.
Most of them treated artists as commodities. 
"Can I be your manager then?" Donna asked tentatively, pointing to herself. 
Megan blinked in surprise. 
"You want to become my manager?" 
"Yeah, you know that I've been working with Jacinta for quite some time now, so I have a few connections here and there.I'm sure I can be a good manager." 
Donna was a bit shy at first, but she became more confident of herself as she went on. 
Seeing her being so enthusiastic, Megan did not have the heart to reject her, but she would need to point out an important fact. 
"Donna, I don't have much income for now.Therefore, even if I hire you as my manager, I can't guarantee you a steady job.However, if you continue to work with Jacinta, at least you'll have a stable income" 
Upon hearing her reply, Donna patted her on the shoulder and smiled cheerfully. 
"It's important to have an ambitious heart.If I continue to work with Jacinta, I think I'd be an assistant forever.Maybe I'm the only one who can tolerate her behavior after all" 
As she spoke of the last sentence, Donna could not help but burst out laughing. 
Donna's persistence touched and warmed Megan's heart. 
The only reason why she dared to voice out her idea was due to her confidence and understanding of the show Transcendent from the past life.
"Megan, I don't think you need to worry about your ability to give me pay." 
Donna flashed her a mysterious smile and inched closer to her. 
"Because I have a feeling you'll be a megastar.You're very different from the others.You're cool-headed, assertive, and smart.I'm sure you'll flourish in the industry."
###Chapter 3164
Hearing Donna's compliments, Megan touched her nose embarrassedly. 
Apart from Felix's affirmation, never in my life have I been praised by others.She swore to herself that she would do her best. 
People who had looked down on her and hurt her before would all be crushed like a bug. 
"Haha.Well, I sure hope so," 
Megan replied half-jokingly and glanced away, hiding the emotion in her eyes. 
The next morning, Donna rushed to the company to resign with Jacinta. 
When she met Megan, she did not hold back in her description of Jacinta's livid expression, and they had a good laugh about it. 
After all, after enduring her irritating behavior for such a long time, Donna finally could defy her and made her feel humiliated. 
It was almost noontime by the time Donna came out from Starling Media. 
Both of them were hungry, so they headed to a restaurant nearby to have their lunch. 
Rolling the pasta on her fork, Donna pondered for a long while before voicing out the question in her mind, "So, what's your plan then?" 
Megan knew that Donna did not mean to urge her.She took a sip of the iced water and smiled faintly.
"Right now, the most important thing that I need to do is to move to a new place.Luckily, I don't have many things with me, so the only thing I need now is a place to stay." 
"You can just live at my place." 
Donna chuckled lightly. 
Suddenly, she remembered something and turned slightly embarrassed. 
"But the building is a bit old.You can stay with me if you don't mind." 
Donna's offer comes just in time. 
Why would I mind if the place is good or not? Megan waved her hand and snapped her fingers gleefully. 
"No, I don't mind.Donna, you're my lucky star and my life savior!" 
Hearing her reply, Donna tucked her hair behind her ear shyly. 
Ther, she put down her fork, wiped the grease staining her lips, and shook her head, smiling. 
"Don't say that.It's nothing.After we finish our food, let's move your things to my place right away." 
"Okay!" 
Megan nodded and gobbled down the last bit of pasta on the plate. 
After she finished packing up last night, she did not have a place to move in, so she placed them in the security guards’ break room on the first floor of the apartment.
However, today, she finally found a place to live, so she came to the apartment to take her luggage away. 
A friendly security guard also offered to help them out enthusiastically. 
These made Megan once again feel that leaving Starling Media was one of the best decisions she had ever made. 
At least the person whom I'll be meeting in the near future will no longer be cold-heartedand hostile. 
A while later, Megan and Donna came out of the room with all the luggage by their side. 
As they were waiting for the cab, they turned around inadvertently and saw Mia and her manager walking out of the elevator with a few men following behind them, carrying suitcases in their hands. 
Seeing that they were a distance away from their group, Megan opted to ignore her. 
But before she could turn back around, Mia had cast her gaze upon them, and their eyes met across the lobby. 
The crisp sound of Mia's high heels clicking against the floor could be heard approaching, and Megan watched Mia indifferently as she stood in front of them with an arrogant stance. 
"Hi, Megan.Are you finally getting out of here?" 
Mia's voice was dripping with sarcasm. 
Sick of her attitude, Megan flicked a glance at her attractive face and retorted mockingly, "Are you not, too?" 
She looked at those men behind and lifted her chin, gesturing at the luggage in their hands.
As soon as she said that, her expression changed at once. 
She gritted her teeth and stomped her foot, yelling, "I'm different from you! Ugly women like you are chased out by the company, and I, on the other hand, am invited to move out to a high-end apartment! It's a place where only the A-list celebrities of our company are allowed to live.And forever, you won't be able to step foot in there!" 
Unperturbed, Megan shot a look at Osmond before saying, "Oh, really? The apartment must be superb then.I bet Jacinta knows about you moving there as well.I think your house will be very lively when you reach there"
###Chapter 3165
It was as if Megan had stabbed an invisible knife into Mia's heart with her words. 
Although Mia was an emerging actress with a promising future, she knew that she was inexperienced compared to Jacinta. 
Hence, she would not be able to replace Jacinta anytime soon. 
Despite that, I'll never let that d*mned hag win me! Osmond had known Mia for quite a long time, so he knew her temperament well. 
He pulled her by her arm and spoke in a calm but firm tone, "That's enough, Mia.You still have an event after this.We need to leave now." 
"Osmond, I don't want to go!" 
Whenever Mia threw a tantrum, Osmond's bossy attitude was the last thing she wanted to face. 
Who does he think he is? He is just a manager, and I'm the celebrity! The more she thought about it, the angrier she became. 
She pointed at Megan, and her pretty face scrunched up like a crumpled paper. 
"Can't you see that she's using Jacinta to taunt me? How could she compare me to that old woman?" 
Everyone in the lobby was rendered speechless by her childish behavior. 
Exasperation started to creep up Osmond's face as he warned coldly, "If you don't go, you would have no commercial event to attend next month.Remember, you can replace Jacinta, and someone else can also replace you."
Standing at the side, Megan chuckled inwardly as she heard his words. 
Who does Mia think she is? Didn't she know that there are plenty of outstanding, talented people in the entertainment industry? 
"Y-you!" 
Mia was dumbstruck by his harsh but true words. 
His icy expression killed every desire of her to continue the argument. 
As she could not disregard Osmond's warning, she was left with no choice but to turn to Megan and vent her frustration on her. 
"Megan, you and Jacinta will never win against me! Stop daydreaming! I don't want to breathe the same air in the same room as you!" 
What childish people say is also childish. 
Surprise, surprise. 
Megan curled her lips in disdain and said nothing as she babbled on. 
if we were not to breathe the same air in the same room, ! hope she would be the one who stops breathing for the rest of her life. 
When Mia saw that Megan did not give any response, she lost interest in Megan instantly. 
Besides, she had a commercial to shoot later. 
Realizing that she would be late, she cast a final glance at Megan before storming off with her group of people.
As soon as Mia left, Donna's friend gave her a call. 
Donna, who had been standing off to the side silently when Mia was here, spoke timidly to her friend as if she had not collected herself from the tense atmosphere just now. 
"Oh, the things have arrived? Okay, I'll be on my way." 
Megan looked at her curiously. 
It should be the second- hand laptop and mobile phone ordered by Donna before. 
Now that I want to work without an entertainment agency, I need to have some electronic gadgets. 
! can't afford expensive ones, so / asked her to get pre-owned products. 
After Donna hung up the call, she glanced around to make sure Mia was no longer in the lobby and heaved a sigh of relief. 
"D*mn, I thought I was going to get hit by those buff guys who were carrying suitcases behind her" 
"Pfft! We have security guards here, and Osmond will never allow that to happen.You worried too much." 
Megan laughed and patted her on the shoulder. 
"By the way, have the things arrived?" 
"Yup, they're at my place." 
"Okay.Let's go back and check them out then.I can't wait to carry out the next step of my plan." 
After a while, they arrived at the apartment where Donna was living.
As she said, it was a bit dated, but Donna kept it clean and tidy. 
On the coffee table in the living room, there were a laptop and a mobile phone that Megan needed. 
As soon as they entered the house, Megan immediately rushed to those gadgets and turned them on. 
Donna looked at the phone's screen curiously and put a glass of honey lemon water beside Megan. 
"Megan, why do you need these?" 
"I need them to do something major." 
Megan turned to her and smiled with a gleam in her eyes.She proceeded to tap on a newly downloaded app on the phone, which turned out to be Twitter.
###Chapter 3166
"Twitter? Why would you register for an account here?" 
Donna voiced her confusion for Twitter was a site where everyone vented their feelings. 
"You'll find out soon." 
Megan didn't bother explaining and registered an account for herself. 
After doing that, she posted a tweet to introduce herself. 
Soon, her followers increased exponentially. 
"Wow, you have so many followers!" 
Megan knew this would happen. 
Because of Jonas’ incident, his fans were mad at her. 
"Hurry, let me see what their replies are." 
This was the first time Donna had ever seen something as exciting as this, so she grabbed the phone from Megan to see what the replies would be. 
"How dare this shameless b*tch register for a Twitter account?" 
"F*ck off! You don't deserve our Jonas!" 
"Well." 
Donna frowned at the rude replies.
These fans followed Megan's Twitter account to hurl curses and accusations at her, so it would be horrible to read their comments every day. 
"I'm fine.Don't worry about me." 
Megan took her phone back and ignored those rude replies as a smile played on her lips. 
The year 2010 was the very year Twitter gained popularity. 
Back then, most of the celebrities hadn't even registered an account here. 
The first batch of celebrities who registered a Twitter account successfully became closer to their fans through this platform. 
Some used it to increase the number of fans, and others also used it to shake off their poor reputation. 
As Megan knew Twitter would be extremely important to showbiz in the future, she wouldn't miss the opportunity to use it to her advantage. 
Seeing the growing replies, Megan didn't want to ruin the haters’ fun. 
In showbiz, there was practically no difference between being hated by haters or being adored by fans. 
It all boiled down to one's capability in restoring one's reputation. 
To make sure she stayed on the trending list, Megan stood up and took a photo of the scenery outside and another of her luggage. 
She was about to post the photos when Donna realized what she was trying to do and hurriedly stopped her. 
"Are you crazy? You're still being cursed by those fans.Whatever you post will be criticized right now!"
Donna clearly didn't know what Megan was trying to do.She furrowed her brows as she tried to figure out a way to get rid of the repercussions of the rumors. 
"It's fine.This will pave the way for my future.One day, they will become my real fans." 
Megan confidently posted the photos. 
A confused Donna was about to voice her doubts when Megan changed the topic abruptly. 
"Donna, do you know a person with the name Rocky Quick?" 
Megan sat on the couch and fell into a thoughtful silence after asking that question. 
Donna racked her brains before an ordinary face popped up in her mind— Rocky Quick, a paparazzo. 
"Yep, he's a paparazzo working for Hot Gossip.What about him?" 
Megan flashed a cheeky smile. 
"You can contact him for me, right?" 
Donna nodded and scrolled to a number on her phone before handing it to Megan. 
She pouted in disdain as she explained, "Here.When I was working as Jacinta's assistant, he tried to get her dirt from me.He's just a lowly paparazzo." 
Megan merely chuckled instead of replying to her comment. 
In the year 2010, Rocky was still a lowly paparazzo, but as she retained her memory from seven years later, she knew he would become the top paparazzo in showbiz. 
"Give him a call.I want to meet him."
Donna could barely hold back her curiosity after hearing Megan's words. 
She registered for a Twitter account and is now requesting to contact a paparazzo. 
What is Megan planning to do? She took Megan's hand and reminded her sternly, "Megan, you need to know he's a lowly paparazzo that you should stay away from if you wish to be a celebrity"
###Chapter 3167
Donna's tone was sterner than usual, but Megan squeezed her hand in return and lowered her gaze. 
When the latter met Donna's gaze again, she was grim with determination. 
"Donna, times are changing" she declared. 
"Back then, artists were disciplined, but that might not be the case in the future.Besides, I'm not even a celebrity now.I think Rocky and I will get what we both want." 
Initially, Megan wasn't about to reveal too much, but seeing how worried Donna was, she immediately comforted the latter.She appreciated how thoughtful Donna was. 
"I can somehow understand what you mean" 
Donna sighed and nodded. 
"Alright, I'll support your decision.Remember what I said at the entrance of Starling Media? I have faith that you'll become popular." 
Donna's lips curved up in a relaxed smile. 
Previously, she thought of Megan as a smart and strong-willed young girl, but now she could see how unscrupulous Megan could be.It was quite common for someone in showbiz to act this way, but Donna was still worried. 
For once a certain limit was reached, a drastic change which brought along negative consequences would be inevitable. 
Donna contacted Rocky from Hot Gossip and they agreed to meet up at a restaurant.
"Hello, Mr.Quick;" 
Megan greeted him politely before taking the seat across from him. 
The man was so ordinary-looking that he could blend into the crowd easily.He was wearing a simple shirt, and there was a camera on the table.He shot a wary glance in Megan's direction, but there was also a hint of anticipation in his gaze. 
Clearly, he thought she was here to give him some scandalous information. 
"What information do you have?" Megan was taken aback by how straightforward he was. 
She swiftly regained her composure and flashed a smile. 
As she stroked her long hair, she shook her head. 
"I'm not here for that.I have a deal to discuss with you" 
Rocky was puzzled at her request. 
He arched his brow and responded, "If that's the case, we don't have to waste each other's time." 
He stood up icily and took his camera, about to take his leave. 
Instead of stopping him, Megan raised her voice. 
"I heard that Hot Gossip's sales are going down the drain.You should be worried about losing your job, right?" 
Her words seemed to have hit a nerve in Rocky, as he stopped in his tracks and turned at his shoulder to give her an icy glare.
"Did you come to dig on me? Why? Are you venting your frustrations as your sister, Mia Rockford, is popular and Starling Media has forsaken you?" 
Looks like Rocky knows my situation well. 
"I'm not as bad-tempered as her.I have a deal for you," came Megan's calm reply. 
She remained unfazed even after hearing Rocky's sarcastic comments. 
Her steadiness was entirely unlike a girl of her age. 
Suddenly, Rocky grew curious as to what she wanted to do.He pulled the chair out and returned to his seat. 
Sipping on his tea, he kept his gaze fixated on her. 
"Alright, get to the point.Don't beat around the bush." 
As he had put down his guard, Megan smirked and nodded firmly. 
She lowered her gaze and asked, "Since your company isn't doing well, have you ever thought of becoming an independent paparazzo?" 
Rocky nearly spat out the tea in his mouth. 
His expression contorted as he retorted in a low voice, "Do you think I have the money to set up my company? If I do, I wouldn't be here right now!" 
Clearly, Rocky found Megan's suggestion ridiculous.He cast her a contemptuous look as rage bubbled in him.
Although Rocky had reacted furiously, Megan turned a blind eye to his reaction and gestured for Donna to give him an envelope. 
"I'll be your sponsor.This isn’t much, of course." 
Upon seeing the check she offered, Rocky's mind went blank.He thought she was merely fooling him, but she was actually being sincere.
###Chapter 3168
"What are you up to?" 
Rocky scoured his brains swiftly, but he couldn't recollect they had ever met. 
Rocky had no idea, but Megan knew when they had first crossed paths. 
In her previous life, she once helped Rocky during Mia's press conference. 
Rocky had spread rumors about Mia previously, so she berated him in front of the journalists and kicked him out. 
It was humiliating to be insulted this way. 
Megan happened to walk past him. 
She noticed how pale and humiliated he was, so she pretended to greet him warmly and invited him to a meal so the others would stop throwing mocking glances in his direction. 
She had helped Rocky on a whim. 
A year later, Rocky gradually became famous. 
He warned her to be careful of the people by her side, but she was naive enough to dismiss his reminder. 
At least someone had tried to save her back then. 
Yet, she was too much in love with Herman and let herself down. 
Besides that, she had also disappointed Felix Woods, a director who was always nice to her.
"Yes, I have a motive.This is a deal?" 
Megan answered coolly as her gaze turned sincere. 
"I'll help you achieve success and wealth.When I need you, you have to help me without asking for anything in return" 
After what happened in her past life, Megan knew Rocky was a grateful person. 
As this would eventually happen somewhere down the road, there was no reason for her not to help him and become his benefactor. 
"Your request is that simple?" Rocky asked in disbelief. 
He studied her carefully before the sincerity in her gaze convinced him. 
"Even if you can become my sponsor, the money won't be of help if there was no scandalous news." 
Megan was well aware of this. 
Digging out dirt might be difficult for others, but for someone who was reborn like her, it was as simple as ABC. 
She crossed her fingers and declared confidently, "You don't have to worry about that.I'll provide a few pieces of juicy news for you to gain a firm foothold." 
"What scandals?" 
Rocky's hesitating gaze suddenly widened in delight.His nose twitched as though he caught the scent of something wonderful.
The corners of Megan's lips curved up as she recalled a few shocking scandals that would be exposed a few years later. 
Calmly, she revealed, "You can investigate Sandra Holm's fiancé.He is cheating on her and uses her money to keep a string of mistresses.Oh, Jimmy Frost is abusing his wife and..." 
Five minutes later, Megan had disclosed plenty of scandals related to top celebrities in showbiz. 
Donna’s lips were parted in shock while Rocky was busy taking notes. 
After his notebook was full of his scribbles, Rocky looked up and questioned, "Are you telling the truth?" 
He was both skeptical and excited to verify Megan's information. 
"You can find that out yourself.I'm sure once you gain proof and expose them online, it will rock the entire entertainment industry," said Megan while flashing a mysterious smile. 
Rocky couldn't believe how confident she was. 
Oh well, since she’s that confident, I guess [ can try to verify her information. 
"Alright.I'll keep an eye on Sandra Holm and Jimmy Frost now.If the information you provided is true, I'll agree to your conditions." 
Rocky took the check and promised solemnly. 
Megan gazed at him thoughtfully before replying, "No problem.By the way, I need your help to stalk someone." 
Rocky froze instantly upon hearing her request.He met her gaze and inquired carefully, "Who is it?"
###Chapter 3169
Megan scoffed icily. 
"Mia Rockford and Jake Wilson.I want to keep track of their daily movements." 
Rocky was surprised by her request. 
Blinking in confusion, he knitted his brows and asked, "You want me to stalk your sister? Jake Wilson is the president of Wilson Group, right? Are you interested in him?" 
Megan merely curved her lips into a strange smile and responded coolly, "Yep, I'm pretty interested in him." 
Her honest reply caused Rocky to raise his brow in satisfaction.I knew it. 
She wouldn't be that generous without reason. 
Luckily, she wants something from me. 
Otherwise, I shall feel rather uneasy. 
"I rarely see celebrities who are as honest as you." 
Donna, who had remained silent the entire exchange, felt her head throbbing. 
Glancing at Megan, she tugged on the latter's sleeves and inched nearer to whisper in her ear, "You don't have to admit to everything he asks." 
Rocky heard their exchange clearly, so he chuckled and scrutinized Donna.
"Megan's honesty gave me confidence.As this is a deal, we should be honest with each other.This is common in showbiz, so I get it." 
Hearing his words, Megan nodded.She didn't get to explain herself, but it didn't matter anymore. 
The burning passion in her gaze was evident. 
She stretched her arm out and grinned. 
"I'm glad you understand, Mr.Quick.I look forward to working together with you." 
Back home, Donna could no longer tamp down her curiosity.She refused to trust Rocky and kept rambling nonstop. 
"Megan, I don't think we can trust him.Moreover, where did you find out about the top celebrities’ scandals?" 
Clearly, Donna was concerned about the scandals Megan had revealed earlier. 
Most of them were untraceable, so she couldn't help but wonder where Megan got her tips from. 
On the couch, Megan clicked into the Twitter app and chuckled lightly. 
"I can't explain," she uttered slowly. 
"You can think of it as my sixth sense" 
Donna wasn't satisfied with her perfunctory answer, but she saw the rejection in Megan's gaze and stopped pressing on. 
Instead, she threw out another question.
"Are you going to get Jake Wilson to be your sponsor?" 
"I hope so, but it's not that simple to accomplish that.For now, I want to know their whereabouts." 
Megan's gaze never wavered from her phone. 
Suddenly, something occurred to her as she shot an amused glance at Donna. 
"By the way, my dear manager, you're wasting time dwelling over those questions.Have you arranged my schedule?" 
Upon hearing her question, Donna exhaled sharply and complained, "You don't have any work for now.I looked into it, and Transcendent's promotion will only start three months later.For now, you can only be an extra." 
Megan burst out laughing at once. 
"It's fine.I can be an extra, no problem." 
Previously, she neglected her acting skills and rushed to make Herman popular. 
Now, she knew how important it was to keep learning something new so she would always be flawless. 
"Well, you're too optimistic.What are you going to do now?" 
Donna leaned on the couch with her own plushie in her arms. 
As Megan was scrolling through Twitter, seemingly engrossed, she inched nearer curiously. 
"Tips for working out’? Are you going to exercise?" Megan nodded earnestly. 
"That's right.One day, working out might become trendy.It's best to start early."
###Chapter 3170
Donna raised her brow, utterly puzzled. 
"This isn't enough.You need to go to a gym, right?" 
Seven years later, gyms would be all over the place. 
However, gyms were still rare now. 
Megan had spent most of the earnings she received from shooting Transcendent, but she still had enough savings to invest in a gym membership. 
She grinned and nodded. 
"Yes.I plan to re-energize myself for the next three months.Don't you worry, Donna.I have enough to survive for three months." 
Donna wasn't worried about money. 
It was a waste of time to worry about other stuff now, so she nodded to support Megan's idea. 
Time flew by. 
One month later, Megan still hadn't received any new jobs. 
She busied herself with watching classical films to improve her acting skills and working out at the gym. 
Looking at the increasing number of followers on Twitter, she couldn't conceal her delight. 
She would often post photos of her working out and studying on Twitter.
On Valentine's Day, she also posted a photo and hinted that she was still single. 
Those who followed her because of Jonas saw how diligent she was. 
Most of the haters didn't unfollow her and became her fans instead. 
She was known as the down-to-earth celebrity to them. 
"Megan, are you on Twitter again? Hurry, show it to me." 
At night, Donna had just stepped out of the shower when she saw Megan laughing to herself. 
"Wow! The number of your followers is increasing swiftly.Are Jonas’ fans still cursing you?" 
Donna couldn't understand why the netizens would follow the trend and insult someone without reason. 
When she saw how many followers Megan had now, she thought Jonas' fans were starting with the baseless accusations again. 
"Hey, I'm not always that loathing," Megan huffed angrily. 
She clicked on her latest tweet and showed it to Donna. 
Paring her lips in shock, Donna exclaimed, "What's going on? Why are they all full of praises?" 
"It occurred to me that you're just an ordinary girl.Your life is more interesting than mine." 
"You're so fit.! envy those who can work out without giving up." 
Donna was speechless after reading the replies made by the netizens. 
Utterly bewildered, she blurted out, "What's going on? They were criticizing you one month ago.Now, they're asking you for workout tips?"
Megan snorted and mocked, "Human beings are forgetful.As long as it isn't real, they will forget about it and vent their frustrations elsewhere.Besides, everyone wants to enhance themselves.I might not be a top celebrity, but as long as I lead a better life, they will grow envious and become my followers willingly" 
Her words seemed to have bewitched Donna. 
Falling into a trance, Donna gazed wordlessly at a knowledgeable Megan, who was calm and decisive, despite her age.It took her a while to regain her composure. 
"Megan, you're more thorough than most women.You will succeed one day," she declared. 
Back then, Donna used to speak this way to comfort Megan, but right now, she knew how extraordinary Megan was. 
"You're flattering me." 
Megan chuckled and shook her head. 
She patted Donna's shoulder and eased the tension in the air nonchalantly. 
"Stop reading the replies.Recently, Twitter's quite interesting.Let me see what's on the trending list." 
After giving the shocking scandals to Rocky, Megan would spend some time every day scrolling through the trending list on Twitter. 
She told Rocky that the news would spread the quickest on Twitter. 
Rocky couldn't agree more.
###Chapter 3171
"There doesn't seem to be any breaking news today? Donna announced as she read the first few trending topics which were all jokes. 
"Wait a minute.Scroll up." 
Megan paused before scrolling up obediently. 
A relatively interesting topic appeared before their eyes— Sandra Holm’'s Bisexual Fiancé Uses Her Money To Cheat On Her. 
At last, Rocky had exposed the scandal! Megan was excited for the day had finally come.She clicked on the hashtag and saw Rocky's account posting nine HD photos and a detailed explanation of the scandal. 
"Wow, is this for real? Sandra Holm keeps showing off her boyfriend in public.Who knows, he's such a scum?" 
To say Donna was shocked would be an understatement. 
After all, this wasn't the only piece of news Megan had revealed back then. 
Since Rocky had verified the news, the others would most probably be true as well. 
After reading Rocky's tweet, Megan immediately called him. 
The call connected very quickly. 
"Good job, Rocky" teased Megan.
Sandra must be dying to kill him now! Rocky seemed thrilled as he spoke excitedly. 
"I followed him for one month.The man was too cunning and good at hiding.Still, I managed to catch him in the act." 
"Congratulations.But that's not the reason for my call." 
Megan chuckled and went straight to the topic. 
Rocky immediately knew what she meant.He composed himself and answered, "Don't worry.I tail them every day.Recently, Mia seems to be pestering Jake." 
Megan wasn't interested at all in this piece of information as she wanted to know something new. 
She answered gravely, "I am aware of that.What about Jake? You've tailed him for a month, right? You should be clear about his daily schedule." 
"Yep.If you need it, I'll send the details to you later.I think they are acting strangely lately" Rocky remarked. 
He recalled the photos he snapped of them and the updates he received as doubt spread across his heart. 
"Hmm? How so?" 
Megan's interest was piqued. 
"Half a month ago, when I tailed Mia, Jake obviously wanted nothing to do with her.Recently, he was much more enthusiastic to see her." 
Hearing his words, Megan's brows furrowed together as her heart sank to the bottom of her stomach.
If Mia managed to gain Jake's support, it would be practically impossible for her to defeat Mia. 
As she wanted to take revenge, she didn't want to be enemies with a big shot like Jake this early. 
After all, she was no match for him as of now. 
"Are you sure?" 
Megan urged as the image of Jake rejecting Mia's advances ruthlessly at the hotel surfaced in her mind. 
Did he eventually fall for Mia's looks? "I'm sure! I can send you the photos of them enjoying a meal in the restaurant," 
Rocky raised his voice in an effort to prove himself. 
Rocky wouldn't lie to her, that Megan was sure of. 
However, she couldn't help but doubt him as the piece of news made her extremely uncomfortable. 
"Oh, I see." came her calm reply. 
Megan couldn't stop jealousy and hatred from overwhelming her heart. 
Initially, she thought she could try seducing Jake, but now Mia had gotten ahead of her. 
Though she was displeased, her feelings didn't show. 
Instead, there was an icy air about her. 
Even Rocky could sense her changing mood.He deftly changed the topic.
"There's something else that I have discovered," he paused before revealing slowly, "I've been investigating about Jake and found out about his complicated background."
###Chapter 3172
Megan's grip on her phone tightened.Her gut told her she was going to find out something special about the man who tried to kill her in her past life. 
Frowning, she prompted, "Just tell me." 
Rocky cut to the chase and announced, "Rocky is an illegitimate child of the Wilson family" 
Megan's heart skipped a beat at the unexpected piece of news. 
Why would the head of the Wilson family allow Jake to take over the family business? He might be extremely capable, but it doesn't change the fact that he went through a lot to achieve his current success. 
Megan couldn't help but think highly of Jake. 
Sensing her distraction, Rocky coughed lightly before continuing, "I heard he got involved in a car accident when he was eighteen.He was barely alive after the accident and even lost his memories.Luckily, the head of the Wilson family, Bertram, found him.After going through physiotherapy treatment, he started learning everything all over again and got to where he is today." 
Megan raised a brow in surprise as she exchanged glances with Donna. 
"He lost all the memories of the first eighteen years of his life?" 
"Yep," came Rocky's firm reply. 
"Jake's a genius.He might've lost all his memories, but he swiftly graduated with an MBA from a prestigious college and published several innovative journals."Rocky's words caused Megan to fall into
deep thought.He's like an enigma full of secrets. 
Mia has found herself an incredible partner. 
Feeling curious, she inquired, "If he’s that capable, why didn't he try to find out about his past?" 
"Of course he did, but here's the interesting part" Rocky replied and chuckled. 
"He wants to find out his past, but even after exhausting every resource provided by the Wilson family, he couldn't find the slightest trace of his background.That was because he used to be an orphan, and the orphanage he was in had already closed down.As he didn't have any friends and relatives, it was a dead end." 
Megan sighed at the strange twist of fate.She was about to say something when Rocky added, "Besides, I also found out something about Jake when he was in the hospital.The nurse who took care of him said he kept mumbling a name when he was unconscious." 
Rocky was usually blunt, but he was deliberately keeping her guessing. 
Instantly, Megan grew increasingly anxious. 
"Stop holding me in suspense.Tell me now!" she urged impatiently as though something was tickling her. 
"Alright.The woman's name, which Jake kept mumbling, was—Megan Rockford? Rocky announced before letting out a long sigh.Megan was shocked into silence.However, she instantly realized the reason Rocky shared this information with her and fell into deep thought.Obviously, she didn't know who Jake was and had never lost her memory.However, this same name gave her the chance to pretend to be someone else.
At that thought, Megan broke into a radiant smile. 
Still, there were some questions she needed to clarify. 
"Rocky, I have a question.Where is the orphanage Jake grew up in located?" she asked. 
Rocky had expected her question, so he calmly answered, "Before I started the investigation, I certainly never expected such a coincidence to happen.The orphanage was located in the village next to yours — Queenston Village." 
Upon hearing Rocky's answer, Megan's lips parted in surprise. 
She blinked twice before bursting out in laughter. 
Don't tell me God is helping me for He has had enough of the cheating couple, Mia and Herman? Now that everything seemed to be in her favor, Megan just had to make a decision.
###Chapter 3173
"Thank you, Rocky.This information is important to me.I'll reveal a few shocking tips to you later." 
Upon hearing Megan's promise, Rocky felt a sudden flare of joy.He spoke happily, "l am just doing my job.To be honest, I'm wondering if I should expose the news of Mia getting herself a sugar daddy first or Jimmy abusing his wife?" 
There were too many scandals, so he didn't know which one he should release first. 
Hearing his question, Megan recalled his ploy seven years later and immediately pointed it out to him. 
Letting out a relaxed chuckle, she explained, "You can release it one by one.First, give them a preview of the scandals.You can expose Mia's scandal and then Jimmy's.The netizens will be stationed at your Twitter account every day.Besides exposing gossip material, you also gain attention and popularity." 
Rocky blinked several times as realization dawned on him.He thanked Megan hastily. 
"Megan, this is brilliant! I'll do that right away!" 
With that, he cut the line abruptly. 
Megan wasn't bothered by his hasty action.She just stood up and stretched lazily. 
Clearly, she was pleased. 
As she fell on the couch, dizzy with excitement. 
However, Donna was frowning worriedly. 
"Are you going after Jake now?"
Megan could sense the anxiousness and repulsion in Donna's voice.She sat up and patted Donna's shoulder in assurance. 
"Yes, I'm going to him.Don't you worry.You used to work in a talent agency, so you might not be able to accept this, but I don't have other choices." 
Donna turned at her shoulder guiltily. 
"It's all my fault for not getting good advertisers for you.You wouldn't have to— "Stop blaming yourself", Megan cut in and tucked a stray strand of hair behind her ears gently. 
"If you can't do it, I will.I'm forever grateful to you as you have helped me out when I was at the lowest point of my life." 
"Megan..." 
Donna suddenly had the urge to cry.She volunteered to be Megan's manager, but she was now a burden to the latter. 
Feeling guilty, she grew increasingly determined to do her best to be of help to Megan. 
As the days went by, it was soon the day of expose which Rocky stated in his preview. 
The netizens were all looking forward to it. 
Even Megan and Donna, who were in the know, joined in the fun. 
"Oh, here it comes.Let me see what Rocky posted" 
Donna exclaimed as she refreshed the Twitter webpage again to view the post.Slowly, she read the headlines out loud.
"Rookie Starlet Pesters Rich Tycoon.Her Innocent Image Is Just An Act." 
Wow, what an eye-catching headline, Megan mused silently as she chuckled lightly. 
Happiness danced through her thoughts as she imagined how upset Mia would be right now. 
"Rocky is a great writer, huh?" 
Megan joked and quickly skimmed through the article Rocky wrote before clicking on the replies. 
"Oh, my.Mia looks so innocent.I can't believe she's pestering a wealthy man?" 
“Are women all money- diggers?"’Can't she love herself more?" 
"She's trying to get herself a sugar daddy before making herself known in showbiz.Pfft, Mia is nothing but a foolish eye candy!" 
"Oh, no wonder Mia gets the best resources.Turns out she has connections with Wilson Group!" 
The netizens burst into an uproar. 
As they gossiped, both Mia and Jake became the talk of the town. 
Megan was glad to see that happen, but she knew when to stop. 
Rocky told her how Jake asked Mia out a few times. 
The expose was just an appetizer for the trouble she had laid out for them. 
There was no way she'd allow them to end up together! It was also a bad idea to offend Wilson Group, so when Rocky came to her to get her opinion, she reminded him not to focus on the man.
Instead, the crucial point was to expose Mia's innocent act and destroy her reputation.
###Chapter 3174
"It's going up the trending list swiftly!" 
Donna stared at the number one trending topic in shock. 
Mia was just a rookie starlet.She was nowhere as famous as Sandra Holm. 
The reason she could become the number one search topic was that Rocky posted a juicy preview a few days back that piqued everyone's interest. 
"That's perfectly normal." Megan was unfazed. 
She stood up and glanced at the calendar before telling Donna. 
"This afternoon, we shall head to the studio at Sky Entertainment" 
After three whole months, Megan is finally stepping out of her house? Donna stood up in shock as she uttered curiously, "Why are we heading there?" 
Megan flashed a satisfied smirk. 
She told Donna honestly, "To shoot a commercial, of course. 
According to Jake's schedule, which Rocky provided to me, I found out they are hiring extras today." 
"Extras?" 
Donna's face fell. 
She furrowed her brows and wailed, "Seriously? You used to act in a TV drama.Why would you want to be an extra now?"
Seeing how dramatic Donna's reaction was, Megan immediately realized the former had no idea what her plan was. 
The corners of her lips lifted in a confident grin as she announced, "You'll know why when we get there.Getting the role isn't my goal." 
Around ten minutes later, they arrived at a studio under Wilson Group. 
There was a long queue in front of the entrance, showing how important this commercial was to them. 
"Hey, isn't that Mia?" 
Donna tugged on Megan's sleeves and pointed at the gap between the curtains. 
Mia's pure and gorgeous side profile was glowing under the studio lights. 
"Oh?" 
Megan glanced at her disinterestedly as her focus returned to the queue she was in. 
"Doesn't that bother you, Megan?" 
Donna couldn't help but shudder in fear at the thought of what happened that day when they moved houses.She couldn't understand why Megan was this calm. 
Right now, Megan's attention was focused on Jake. 
His schedule stated he would be here, but after peeking at the interior of the studio a few times, she still couldn't spot him anywhere. 
"Why would I be bothered?"
Finally, it was her turn. 
Megan easily got through the preliminary as she was rather decent-looking. 
She took her number and entered the studio with a staff while Donna waited for her outside. 
If she had remembered correctly, this commercial shoot was the turning point of Mia's career. 
As it was the first commercial in the industry to include a storyline introducing the product, it was considered a classic. 
Mia played the role of a blind girl who was mocked mercilessly by others. 
She dreamed of performing on stage, but the judges drenched her with water and hurled insults at her. 
Megan was here today as an extra playing either the role of the audience or the judge. 
Jake wasn't here yet, so Megan couldn't help but notice Mia, who was currently under the spotlight. 
The latter was still preparing herself before the shooting began. 
"This way.The four of you will be the judges.The rest will be the audience" 
As the studio was bustling with people, the director raised his loud hailer and gathered the extras. 
He picked a few of them who looked more mature to be the judges. 
Coincidentally, one of them was the very distracted Megan. 
"Hurry, take your seats.We're about to start!" 
Megan was still waiting for Jake and wasn't interested in the commercial at all.
She kept glancing around anxiously. 
The minute Mia stepped onto the stage, she spotted Megan in the judges’ panel. 
As the spotlight illuminated her entire being, her lips parted in surprise. 
She swiftly regained her composure and stormed off the stage to grab a preoccupied Megan's hand. 
"Why are you here?" 
Mia demanded furiously. 
As the pain jolted up her arm, Megan snapped back to reality and saw Mia standing in front of her. 
Despite knowing a confrontation with Mia would happen anytime, she was still stunned to see Mia confronting her in public without hesitation.
###Chapter 3175 
She remembered that the director of this commercial was notorious for his bad temper. 
"I'm just trying to make a living.Surely that's not a problem to you, right?" 
All eyes were on the two as they faced off. 
Gossip abounded, though no one stepped forward to defuse the tension. 
Some of the staff wanted to seek out the director, who was unfortunately indisposed at the washroom at that very moment. 
"This is my commercial! Get out of my sight!" 
Mia's head was in a mess since the news about her having a meal with Jake had been reported by the tabloids. 
Osmond had already refused to assign any work to her for the next month as a punishment. 
She was, however, more worried that Jake would stay away from her as a result. 
Jake was supposed to be on-site, supervising her very first shoot after she signed an exclusive contract with Sky Entertainment. 
His absence only served to fuel Mia's anxiousness. 
Instead, Megan had shown up at such a crucial moment. 
"I thought this was a commercial under the Wilson Group"
Megan commented as she surveyed her surroundings.She did not meet Mia's gaze.Her intention was to provoke Mia. 
No matter what happens, this stupid woman is the one who has to bear the consequences. 
In the middle of their stand-off, Mia's gaze suddenly drifted past Megan's shoulder, landing on a figure behind her. 
With that, Megan turned around and her chest felt heavy at the sight of Jake. 
Jake had not noticed their stand-off as he entered the filming set. 
When the staff turned to look at Jake, Megan suddenly fell to the floor, knocking over a chair beside her. 
The noise surprised the staff, who had all been busy greeting their boss. 
Instantly, all eyes turned to Megan. 
"I don't want to leave! Mia, why must you force me like this? Will you only be happy when I'm married off to some stranger in Queenston Village?" 
Megan's shrill screams caused goosebumps to break out over everyone's skin. 
They then turned to stare suspiciously at Mia. 
The commotion caught Jake's attention.He looked at Mia in displeasure from across the filming set, striding steadily toward her. 
"Mia, what are you doing?"
Frowning slightly, Jake awaited an explanation from a pale-faced Mia.Mia shuddered in the face of Jake's hostile demeanor. 
Feeling helpless, she lowered her head and said timidly, "I-l, I didn't do anything." 
The crowd broke out into hushed whispers at her words of defense. 
Jake took in everything that they said. 
Crossing his arms, he recalled the scandal that had been reported in the tabloids earlier. 
Disgust rose within him as he appraised the woman before him. 
"You should be saying that to your manager" 
Others know better than me about how to strike Mia's weak point.He had no interest in getting involved in such matters.He was more interested in the woman who lay sprawled on the ground, who had uttered the name of a place he had almost forgotten. 
"You know about Queenston Village?" Jake questioned Megan calmly. 
His calm response had not escaped Megan's notice. 
Lowering her head, she tried to calm her pounding heartbeat. 
She forced herself to remember the lines she had prepared. 
"Yes, I do.I used to live in its neighboring village.I passed by Queenston Village all the time." 
Mia noticed Jake's interest in the village as well.
In an attempt to gain his favor, she piqued up, "I know about it too.It's a neighboring village near my hometown" 
"Shut it" 
Jake did not want to listen to Mia's voice.He glared at her for a moment before returning his attention to Megan. 
"Since you know about Queenston Village, are you aware of any special buildings in that area?"
###Chapter 3176
His pupils' narrowed as he scrutinized Megan's expression. 
"Of course.I know about the beautiful orphanage in Queenston Village.I wanted to live there; it was gorgeous." 
Megan stood up and patted the dust off her trousers.She put on the most innocent expression she could muster as she recalled that exceptionally lovely orphanage in that small village. 
A hint of shock appeared on Jake's calm features.He stared intently at Megan and asked, "What's your name?"He had not remembered who she was after that brief acquaintance on Transcendent. 
Megan was not disappointed at all; instead, she answered sincerely, "I'm Megan." 
Megan. 
Megan? Jake knitted his brows tightly as he stared at the normal-looking woman before him. 
There was a faint pounding pain in his head. 
"Mr.Wilson, are you okay?" his secretary asked in concern at the sight of Jake rubbing his forehead. 
Jake, however, pushed the secretary away.He lifted his eyes and stared at Megan for a long time.His gaze cooled as he threatened, "If I find out that you're playing me, I won't let you off easily." 
Megan was stunned at his threat. 
A second later, she had schooled her features into one of incomprehension.She stared at him in confusion as she said, "I don't understand what you're saying."
"That would be best.I'll look for you again, Megan." 
Jake left the set after one final glance at Megan. 
The staff busied themselves in their tasks at Jake's departure. 
"Megan, why do you know Mr.Wilson?" 
Mia's fists were clenched so tightly that her nails had dug into her skin.She reached out and grabbed Megan's elbow fiercely as she interrogated her. 
"Exactly as what you've seen," Megan scoffed and stomped on Mia's foot with her stiletto. 
Mia yelped in pain and let go of Megan's elbow. 
"You b*tch! Don't think for a second that you're on Jake's radar! You're nothing but an ugly frog compared to me!" 
Mia raged as the stresses of the day overwhelmed all rational thoughts in her head.She barely noticed all the odd glances she was attracting from the crowd. 
I wonder what Osmond was thinking. 
This bit*h alone has more than what it takes to offend the entire showbiz. 
"Huh, you look more like a b*tch to me," Megan shot back as she attempted to leave. 
Mia blocked her path. 
"You're the one who wants to shoot a commercial with me.You think you can leave as you please?"
Mia suddenly seemed immune to Megan's barbs.She tilted her jaw at Megan, looking like she had no intentions to let Megan go. 
Megan fumed at Mia's tactic. 
Narrowing her eyes, she challenged Mia. 
"Why? Are you going to trip me when we shoot the commercial? I'm sorry, but you don't have the right to keep me here." 
Megan stretched her hand out to push Mia away, but Mia had blocked her. 
"You came here for Jake, right? You just wanted to sabotage me!" Megan was surprised at the outburst. 
Looks like her improved a fiddle in the past couple of months. I'm not going to tell her that, though. 
Megan sneered and shook off Mia's hand. 
She took in Mia's features, which were distorted by anger and jealousy.I didn't know I had the power to make her look like this. 
"I'm sorry I can't stay." 
Megan waved at her in faux courtesy as she left. 
Mia, on the other hand, fumed at her smugness. 
The humiliation she felt at that moment would be imprinted on her mind forever.
Megan left the filming set of Sky Entertainment ina great mood.She met up with Donna, whose mood worsened as she followed behind Megan. 
Donna had already found out the commotion in the filming set.
###Chapter 3177
"Megan, what if he finds out you're just pretending? I know it's a big ‘what if’, but aren't you digging your own grave?" 
Donna's concern was not unfounded. 
Megan's happy mood dissipated in an instant as she contemplated Donna's words. 
"If he discovers the truth, there's nothing I can do.I still have to try before that." 
Knowing nothing she said could dissuade Megan, Donna sighed and let her be. 
The next morning, Megan woke up to a call from the promotional team at Transcendent. 
Donna, who had been sleeping nearby, made out the conversation topic and jolted awake as well. 
Bolting upright, she asked in surprise, "Did the production crew reach out to you?" 
"Yep." 
Megan smiled as she put away her phone. 
Pulling the covers away, she got up from bed. 
Megan felt fortunate at the string of good news over the past few days. 
"Alright, time to get up.Let's meet the production crew." 
"Got it!"
After some hasty preparations, they made their way to the hotel chosen for the launch event of Transcendent. 
Megan bumped into a casually dressed Francesca as she entered the hotel.She suddenly thought of the time Francesca had sent her to the train station when they were still filming. 
Back then, she had hoped for an opportunity to meet Francesca again. 
"Francesca, you are here too?" 
Megan ran toward her with a smile. 
At the sound of her name, Francesca frowned and turned around in confusion. 
"Megan." 
They had not been in touch for two months, though she was aware of the incidents surrounding Megan. 
"I heard that you are going through a rough time." 
Francesca did not seem enthusiastic as she greeted Megan.Her expression seemed cold as she fell into step beside Megan. 
Used to her mannerisms, Megan merely laughed and shook her head. 
"If you're referring to the termination of my contract, it doesn't bother me" 
Megan's answer surprised Francesca. 
Turning to appraise her, Francesca could not detect even a hint of indignance or regret on her face.She seems okay with it; I guess she's not a bimbo after all.
Francesca smiled. 
The area designated for the launch event was teeming with reporters when the two of them arrived. 
Francesca arrived alone for the event, unlike the other actors whose assistants crowded the backstage area. 
The sight was oddly suffocating. 
"I was just wondering who this shabbily dressed person was." 
Melissa's attention had been glued to her phone until she noticed a plainly-dressed Megan standing near her.She thought Megan had come to provoke her like last time.She decided to make the first move and confront Megan. 
In truth, Megan was merely looking for an empty spot to stand and had not noticed Melissa at all. 
"Do you think so? I thought it looked pretty okay.At least, it's classier than that crass low-cut blouse you've got on," 
Megan returned her jibe mercilessly. 
"Y-you! What do you know about fashion? You're just jealous of my curves!" 
Melissa pointed angrily at her nose.She raised her hand to slap Megan. 
Megan was not going to stand there and take her abuse. 
Just as Melissa's hand came flying at her, she dodged to the side and tripped Melissa. 
Melissa screamed as she fell clumsily to the floor.
She covered her chest hastily as her low-cut outfit slipped out of place.
###Chapter 3178
"Ah!" 
Heads turned at Melissa's piercing scream. 
Gossip broke out through the crowd. 
"Help me up!" 
Melissa raged at her dumbfounded manager, keeping her hands tightly across her exposed chest. 
Megan was secretly pleased with the turn of events.She slipped out of the place unnoticed with Donna in tow. 
"She's really something, huh" 
Megan commented as she powdered her face in the corridor. 
Donna smiled awkwardly and said, "They're all like Jacinta.They love creating drama wherever they go, thinking it's going to shoot them to fame." 
Megan shook her head and leaned on the wall. 
"At least Jacinta has what it takes to do that.Melissa's just suffering from princess syndrome." 
A laugh burst out of Donna at Megan's snarky comment. 
She's hit the nail right on the head. 
"Megan?"
Aman's gentle voice reached Megan's ears just as Megan and Donna were killing time in the corridor before the start of the launch event. 
Megan turned around, recognizing Herman's voice. 
"I didn't expect to bump into you here." 
Herman was wearing his usual pair of gold-rimmed glasses and a sharp black suit. 
Megan merely glanced at him before turning her head away in annoyance. 
"Is it? What a coincidence.I'm not happy about it, thought." 
Megan did not want to entertain him, but Herman had already planted his annoying self before her. 
Herman was not blind to the hostility that was radiating from Megan. 
Arching a brow lightly, he asked thoughtfully, "I've been wanting to ask you something.Do you hate me that much?" 
"It's much more than hate." 
Megan's unforgiving reply caused Herman's features to stiffen up. 
"Well, Ms.Rockford, what grudge do you have against me?" 
Grudge? Megan scoffed as if Herman had just told her a horrible joke.Coldly, she gritted out, "It's not a simple grudge.It's pure hatred, betrayal, and humiliation." 
Glaring at a confused Herman, she suddenly felt disgusted by his presence. 
"Ms.Rockford, you're joking, right?"
Herman mocked as he pursed his lips slightly. 
"When have I ever been close enough to you for such things to happen?" 
Megan's anger boiled over at his words. 
"You know what? You're right.You don't seem too familiar to me after all.I wonder who's the one trying to approach me after knowing I'd be at today's launch event." 
Herman's expression darkened at her sarcastic comments. 
Megan pulled Donna with her as they squeezed their way through the crowded backstage. 
"Megan, that wasn't too nice, was it?" 
Donna had always thought Herman seemed rather courteous and classy. 
"There's nothing bad about it." 
Megan hid in a corner to avoid stirring up another trouble.She threw all thoughts of Herman out of her mind. 
"Maybe Herman likes you.Your words were too harsh." 
Donna made a small heart with her hands.She looked like she was hoping for a romance to blossom between Megan and Herman. 
"That's enough.Don't try to matchmake us." 
Megan tilted her head away, gazing coldly at another spot in the room.She had never raged like this in front of Donna before.
Donna knew she had ruffled Megan's feathers. 
Grabbing onto her elbow, Donna apologized, "I'm sorry; I just want what's best for you.It can't be worse than hanging your hopes on someone as dangerous as Jake"
###Chapter 3179
Despite knowing that Donna meant no harm, there was no way Megan would pin her hopes on Herman again. 
The woman meant it from the bottom of her heart when she talked about vengeance and betrayal, as it was a real life story which she had experienced before. 
No one could ever put themselves in her shoes or imagine the anguish that she had been through. 
Without a word, she dropped her gaze, taking a deep and steadying breath. 
Refusing to talk about Herman, she changed the subject. 
"Alright, just ignore him.The event is going to start soon" 
Right after Megan said that, the host came in and reminded everyone that the launch event would start soon. 
As one of the actors who was supposed to promote the TV series, she followed the host and went on stage. 
The moment they showed up on the stage, Megan was dazzled by the reporters’ camera flashlights that flickered unceasingly. 
"Welcome to the launch event of Transcendent!" 
The host's contagious voice echoed in the palatial venue. 
Having forgotten the unpleasant encounter earlier, Megan was slightly jittery while responding to the host's questions regarding the TV series Half an hour flew by, and the launch event was about to come
to an end. 
Unexpectedly, an enigmatic grin broke across the host's face. 
The man then asked the reporters to stay back for a little longer. 
"Please don't leave just yet.We've invited a special guest today to give her blessings to Transcendent" 
Everyone present was astonished by the news. 
Even the Transcendent crew, who was the event organizer, didn't know about this arrangement.What's going on? Uneasiness washed over Megan. 
The indescribable feeling sent chills down her spine. 
"Let's just wait and see." 
Francesca shrugged and held out her hands nonchalantly. 
"Please settle down, everyone." 
Holding the microphone, the host raised his voice slightly, and the clamor ceased. 
"Now let's welcome Ms.Jacinta Twinkle!" 
Jacinta? Everyone's jaw dropped at the revelation. 
The launch event has nothing to do with her. 
Why does she turn up out of the blue? Seeing Jacinta sauntering gracefully toward him, the host gradually explained to the puzzled reporters. 
"Ms.Twinkle is here to cheer for her junior, Megan."
Though Megan was the protagonist, she was utterly perplexed. 
Tilting her head to glance at the side of Jacinta's gorgeous face, she squinted her eyes at the woman suspiciously.She's definitely up to no good. 
"Hello, everyone.Stay tuned for the new TV series, Transcendent.I would also like to wish Megan success and good viewership in the years to come." 
Jacinta’s expression seemed completely sincere, but Megan couldn't care less about her.!'ve been kicked out of Starling Media. 
How is she still my senior then? What a joke! Standing on the stage with an indifferent look, Megan didn't show a twinge of joy in Jacinta's presence. 
Her aloofness made the host feel pressured. 
With the microphone in his hand, he was in a dilemma, not knowing whether he should extend it to Megan. 
After a moment of hesitation, knowing that he couldn't afford to have an awkward pause, the host steeled himself and said tactfully, "Ms.Twinkle is such a great senior.Ms.Rockford, are you surprised by her sudden appearance?" 
His question seemed to have snapped Megan out of her reverie.She plastered on a bewildered face and pointed at herself. 
"Huh? Me?" 
Glancing impassively at Jacinta, she added in a calm voice, "I've terminated my contract with Starling Media, so Ms.Twinkle isn't my senior"
Her denial was a real slap in the Jacinta’s face. 
Hearing her words, the crowd went into an uproar, staring suspiciously at the two women. 
Nevertheless, the commotion died down gradually when they saw Jacinta's surly expression. 
Frozen on the stage with embarrassment, Jacinta never expected Megan to humiliate her at the launch event. 
The second those words left Megan's lips, she was overwhelmed with resentment, and her malicious gaze was riveted on the former.
###Chapter 3180
Trying to sweep away the embarrassment, she forced a smile and clarified, "Though you're no longer under Starling Media, I still regard you as my junior and will never forget our friendship." 
"Oh, is that so?" she asked nonchalantly. 
Giving the woman the side-eye, Megan fell silent, she didn't feel like entertaining her. 
"I can do nothing if you insist on deceiving yourself" 
A ruckus broke out among the crowd at her blunt words. 
This time, Jacinta could no longer hold in her shame and indignation, tilting her head to glare at the woman's face. 
Her fingers quivered with rage as she whispered in Megan's ear, "If you ever refute me again, you'll be as good as dead once you get off the stage" 
Listening to the woman's threatening ultimatum, Megan's lashes fluttered slightly, but her expression remained composed and unflinching. 
Jacinta is here with an ulterior motive.She'll never relent unless her goal is achieved. 
All I can do now is to go with the flow. 
In front of the stage, the reporters caught their subtle interaction clearly. 
Some audacious ones snapped a few photos of it. 
Other than the clicking sound of the camera, the entire venue was in an awkward silence.
The situation put the host in a tight spot, as he was supposed to lighten the atmosphere. 
The man shot pleading glances at the director and Kelly, but they didn't give him any response. 
There's nothing else I can do now. 
Exasperated, the host stepped forward and squared his shoulders. 
"Ahem! Anyway, Transcendent is one of the most anticipated TV series.Today's launch event is coming to an end...." 
"Ah!" 
Before he finished speaking, a shriek suddenly sounded on the stage. 
Startled, everyone turned to look in its direction and saw Jacinta fall off the stage.Her long, white dress could hardly cover her body. 
"Hurry! Help Jacinta up now!" someone shouted. 
The situation turned chaotic as everyone rushed to swarm around her. 
Some reporters tried to pick her up and screamed for help, while some took photos of it eagerly for the headline, pushing against one another. 
The launch event turned as rowdy as a wet market. 
Other than Francesca and Megan, everybody on stage dashed over to give them a hand. 
In the meantime, Megan stood rooted to her spot in silence. 
How did Jacinta fall off the stage so suddenly? She was totally fine just now, standing right here...
Could it be... 
With her eyes fixed on Jacinta, she seemed to have wrapped her head around something, and her expression hardened. 
"Jacinta, how did you fall all of a sudden? You've gotten me into trouble!" 
Steven had been taciturn throughout the launch event. 
Irritation spiked within his heart as he stared at her aggrieved face. 
"Mr.Hayes, I..." 
Later, Jacinta was being carried to backstage, looking all weak and fragile. 
In order to avoid being interviewed, all the actors and the crew of Transcendent trailed behind her. 
Everyone cramped into the small backstage, each sunk in thoughts. 
"I swear I didn’t mean to ruin the event." 
Sitting on a chair, Jacinta appeared mournful.Her narrow shoulders trembled uncontrollably. 
"Mr.Hayes, I came only to support you.I believe you know I'm truly grateful for you, so I came up with this reason...But I didn't expect Megan to humiliate me publicly.She even..." 
Her voice trailed off. 
Biting her lower lips, she stared intently at Megan, obviously implying something. 
Everyone present was no fool, and they could no doubt read between the lines.
Steven's countenance fell, and the man turned his head around to glance at the quiet and calm woman. 
"Megan, did you push Jacinta?" 
In an instant, all eyes landed on her. 
Holding their breath, they waited for her answer. 
In a split second, she swiftly denied, "I didn't." 
Megan cast an impassive glance at Jacinta, whose gaze was full of smugness. 
No matter how /I explain myself, I can never get everyone to believe in me, just like the incident between me and Mia the other day.
###Chapter 3181
Nevertheless, I'll not shy away from standing up for myself. 
"Really? Alright, let's put this issue aside for now." 
Steven had no intention to pursue the matter. 
Though he was clueless about the history between Megan and Jacinta, he could tell that the latter was here to make a scene. 
Since she had caused him to lose face, he would not stand by her. 
Jacinta was unwilling to give up, as she had yet to see Megan being reprimanded. 
With a pitiful face, she said in a frail voice, "Mr.Hayes, but..." 
However, Steven wasn't a soft-hearted man. 
With an impatient look, he waved his hand dismissively. 
"Call someone to pick you up.That's all for today.All of you may leave now." 
In a daze, the actors and the crew exchanged glances. 
Seeing that Steven had left, they checked on Jacinta for a short while before leaving the hotel. 
Never had she thought that none of them fell for her scheme. 
Enraged, the woman swiped everything off the table to vent her anger. 
She then stood up, enduring the pain in her ankle.
"Megan, stop right there!" 
The woman's bellow stopped Megan in her tracks as she ambled toward the entrance. 
Beside her stood Francesca, who was now distracted from their conversation. 
The two glanced at Jacinta simultaneously. 
Her arrogant attitude was nowhere to be seen. 
"You can't hide your true colors anymore, can you?" 
Megan was appeased while watching her limp toward them like a disabled person. 
"Are you happy now?" 
Jacinta was observant enough to catch a glimpse of disdain in Megan's gaze. 
Clenching her fists, she grumbled through gritted teeth, "Do you really think that the reporters will let you off like Mr.Hayes did?" 
Megan chuckled at her words. 
With her arms folded, an impish grin spread across her face as she teased, "It looks like you can't wait to see me make a fool of myself.I don't know if the reporters will leave me alone, but I'm sure that you certainly won't let me off the hook." 
Her carefree demeanor showed her contempt for Jacinta. 
The latter felt a wave of fury shoot through her, and her face reddened. 
Pointing right at Megan, the woman shot daggers at her.
"You're only an ugly woman who was kicked out by Starling Media.What makes you think that you can go against me?" 
"How awful." 
Unable to stand it anymore, Francesca interrupted her out of the blue. 
"As a popular celebrity, you're only humiliating yourself by doing these despicable deeds." 
Those who were at the scene were well aware of the truth, let alone a shrewd and quick-witted woman like Francesca, who undoubtedly saw through Jacinta's ploy. 
An unscrupulous and guileful woman like Jacinta would go to any length to harm others. 
"How dare a small fry like you horn in on my affairs?" 
Turning to glance at Francesca, she flew off the handle at the sight of the latter's unfamiliar face. 
Even a nobody has the nerve to retort me now. 
"Wake up, Jacinta!" 
Megan promptly shielded Francesca behind her. 
Her expression turned grim. 
I don't want to drag anyone else into this mess. 
"I know what I'm doing!" 
Pressing her lips into a hard line, the woman gave them a death stare.
Dragging her injured leg, she wobbled forward and shoved Megan away.She then raised her hand, aiming right at Francesca's face. 
In the next second, a tight slap landed on Jacinta’s cheek instead, leaving a palm print behind. 
Her hand that froze in mid-air looked ridiculous. 
"Argh! How dare you slap me! You b***h!" 
Letting out a hysterical shriek, Jacinta lunged at Francesca to strangle her, but the latter dodged her attack. 
Megan's heart skipped a beat. 
Knowing that they had pushed Jacinta over the edge, she grabbed Francesca's hand and sprinted out of the hotel. 
After a while, the two were short of breath when they returned to Francesca’'s car, gasping for air. 
The scene at the hotel earlier popped into their minds. 
Only someone with an influential background like Francesca had the guts to do such a thing. 
Glancing at the woman beside her, Megan gave her a thumbs up. 
"That's a good one, Francesca. 
Jacinta seemed to have lost her mind after getting a slap from you."on Twitter to clear Megan's name. 
Seeing that they had reached an agreement, Donna felt reassured and let out a sigh of relief.
Judging from the crease on Megan's forehead, she knew that the woman was still feeling uneasy, but she didn't know how to comfort her. 
Suddenly, Donna's phone rang once. 
There were several push notifications on the screen. 
Although Megan didn't know who was backing Francesca up, she was sure that the person was powerful enough to bring Steven to his knees. 
Therefore, Francesca wasn't exaggerating. 
"I guess you're right..." 
Megan's lips quirked up into a half-smile.Her expression was impassive.She didn't ask further, staring straight ahead at the road. 
Soon, Francesca sent her to the junction where her rental unit was and drove away. 
She then trotted along the road toward home. 
The moment she stepped through the door, Donna approached her with a troubled face. 
"What exactly happened? Why did you ask me to come home first?" 
Earlier, she texted and asked Donna to head home right after Jacinta fell off the stage. 
Otherwise, the two might bump into each other and get into a fight. 
"Something happened just now." 
Changing her shoes, Megan sat on the couch with her brows furrowed.
"Jacinta stirred up trouble.Though Mr.Hayes said nothing, the media might make a big fuss out of this." 
Donna's expression changed at the mention of Jacinta. 
Taking a seat beside Megan, she balled up her hands instinctively, overwhelmed with trepidation. 
"Did she set you up?" 
"You're right." 
Nodding her head, the woman raised a brow. 
Afterward, she fished out her phone and found Rocky's number. 
"Let's drop this subject for now.I have to give Rocky a call first." 
Just as Jacinta said, although Mr.Hayes hasn't blamed me, the incident has raised the media's suspicion and caused havoc. 
There's no way the nosy reporters will let go of this golden opportunity. 
Hence, I have to look for Rocky to expose the truth first. 
This is what the people in showbiz call crisis management. 
"Okay, call him now." 
Knowing her plan, Donna nodded and let her make the call. 
Dialing his number, Megan waited with bated breath. 
The call finally got through after a few rings.
"Hello.What's the matter?" 
Hearing his voice, Megan rubbed her forehead and said in a frustrated tone. 
"I need your help with something." 
Rocky breathed a sigh and asked tentatively, "Is it about today's launch event?" 
She didn't expect the news to get about within such a short time. 
Even Rocky, who had been busy lately, heard about it. 
Only then she grasped the severity of this issue. 
Her brows knitted together. 
A hint of panic crossed her usually calm face. 
"I'll go straight to the point since you've already known it.I need you to spread scandals about Jacinta on the Internet." 
Rocky paused briefly before replying, "What scandals about Jacinta? Something about how she's into younger men?" 
In showbiz, those who are close to Jacinta knew that she had this fetish for five long years. 
"That's not all." 
She added in a deep voice, "I want you to tell the netizens that she set me up because I was involved in a scandal with a young idol whom she likes.Remember to include a detailed analysis to make it logical and factual."
Megan figured out this solution on her way home. 
Since Jacinta wants to ruin my reputation and kick me out of showbiz, I'll not go easy on her then. 
I'm only giving her a taste of her own medicine. 
After a moment of silence, Rocky mulled over the plan and found it feasible. 
"That's a good idea.I'll get on with it now." 
Hanging up the phone, he started writing a post on Twitter to clear Megan's name. 
Seeing that they had reached an agreement, Donna felt reassured and let out a sigh of relief. 
Judging from the crease on Megan's forchead, she knew that the woman was still feeling uneasy, but she didn't know how to comfort her. 
Suddenly, Donna's phone rang once. 
There were several push notifications on the screen.
###Chapter 3183
Breaking News: Jacinta Fell During Launch Event. 
Her Junior Kept A Sullen Face. 
The news got on Donna's nerves. 
Hurriedly, she handed the phone to Megan and urged, "Look! The news is out!" 
After reading most of the comments, Megan scoffed, "These people are even more dramatic than I am. 
What do they mean by pushing her off the stage because I was annoyed by her presence? I'm not an idiot to take revenge on her in public, let alone for such a reason." 
Anger pulsed through her veins as she scrolled through Twitter. 
The further she read, the harder she clenched her jaw out of rage toward Jacinta. 
"All these comments are absurd!" 
Holding the laptop, Donna scrolled through the comments with a frown, on the verge of throwing a fit. 
"What the hell are they talking about? They said that you did it out of jealousy, trying to cripple her on purpose." 
Megan let out a snigger and locked the phone screen, refusing to read the netizens’ speculations. 
They were nothing other than accusations, anyway. 
"Stop reading already.Let's wait for Rocky to update his Twitter.That'll turn the tables."
Calm and collected, she stood up and stretched herself, shaking off those brutal comments that were stuck in her head. 
Nonetheless, Donna wasn't as cool-headed as Megan. 
She rebuked those ill-founded comments vehemently, typing away on the keyboard to wage war with the Internet trolls. 
Staring at the disgruntled woman, Megan didn't stop her. 
Only she herself knew that despite her composed look, she had silently sent a few texts to Rocky, urging him to speed things up. 
A few moments later, her phone finally beeped. 
Glancing at the screen, she read a text from Rocky: It will be posted automatically at 5 o'clock. 
Do check it out then. 
Glancing at the clock, she realized that it was only one minute left. 
The woman heaved a long sigh, and the anxiousness in her ceased. 
"Megan, Rocky just posted something on Twitter! It's trending now." 
A minute flew by. 
Donna sat by Megan's side and pointed at the laptop enthusiastically. 
The title read: A Famous Actor Has Eye On A Young Idol And Framed His Rumored Girlfriend. 
Undeniably, Rocky was well-informed about the tittle- tattle in showbiz.
After reading his post, Megan felt that he had written more than enough. 
Though he didn't mention Jacinta's name, the netizens could always figure it out, as the tweet was posted right after the incident. 
Sure enough, by the time Megan clicked into the comment section, some netizens managed to conjecture the ins and outs of the incident, as though they had seen it with their very own eyes. 
"My goodness! Is it talking about Jacinta, Jonas, and Megan?*"I!s this real?" 
"Wow! What a drama! I guess Jacinta fell deliberately to frame Megan" 
In the comment section, various guesses and theories made the incident more confusing. 
All Jacinta's anti- fans sided with Megan now. 
She was no longer the prime target of the netizens. 
Staring at the screen, Megan slumped into the couch. 
Delighted, she finally smiled for the first time after the incident. 
"Rocky did a good job. 
I need to reveal some shocking news to him as a token of appreciation." 
"Indeed. 
He has muddied the waters further." 
Donna was still browsing Twitter.
Megan's smile lifted her mood, and her tone became playful and lively. 
"Oh, wait, what's this?" 
Scrolling down the screen idly, Donna suddenly stumbled upon another post regarding Megan. 
She took a closer look, and her voice stuck in her throat. 
"J-Jonas posted a tweet for you..." 
"What?" 
Megan's assurance was immediately replaced by nervousness. 
She darted over to the laptop and stared intently at the screen. 
The tweet read: "Megan will never do such a thing.Be kind and keep a guard on your tongue."
###Chapter 3184
Apparently, Jonas couldn't stand to see the netizens hurl insults at Megan, so he defended her on Twitter. 
However, the latter couldn't bring herself to be grateful to him. 
"He's only adding fuel to the fire." 
Megan's expression hardened, pressing her lips together. 
"His fans are going to scold me again." 
The two women recalled the last time Megan sought Jonas’ help for a publicity stunt because she wanted to secure a role, but she ended up being ostracized by all the netizens. 
She didn't want history to repeat itself. 
"Maybe we should look on the bright side." 
At a loss for words, Donna sighed. 
"Jonas' support proves that you're a woman of integrity, but it's inevitable that you'll be berated for some time." 
Megan held her forehead as countless vexing thoughts ran through her mind. 
"But he should've informed me beforehand.He's getting himself into trouble as well." 
Donna was getting more worried about Megan, because she could foresee the problems that were coming their way.
What if some extreme fans come over and wait outside this place? We'll have to deal with more than just the internet trolls Just as the two were still feeling perturbed, Megan's phone rang. 
It was an unknown number. 
On pins and needles, the two exchanged glances, afraid that it might be a call from an Internet troll. 
In this era of technology, one could easily find out others’ contact numbers. 
Glancing at the ringing phone, Megan didn't move an inch. 
The phone had turned into a hot potato in her eyes. 
Irritated by the incessant ringtone, Megan was worried that it was a call from work. 
"Fine, I'll answer it." 
She gave it some thought and decided to pick up the phone. 
"Hello." 
Clutching her phone, Megan had her heart in her mouth and held her breath while waiting for the reply. 
"It's me, Jake." 
A steady, soothing voice came from the other side of the phone. 
Stunned for a second, she was rendered speechless. 
Why is he looking for me? It's been days since the farce.Is he going to hold me accountable or reminisce about the past? Utterly baffled, the woman grew edgier. 
"Why are you so quiet?"
"Mmmm...I'm just surprised to hear from you.Is something the matter?" she asked softly. 
Her tone sounded distant. 
Displeased by the alienation, Jake remained silent for a short while. 
Instead of asking her, he commanded, "I'm downstairs.Come and have lunch with me" 
At first, Megan was reluctant. 
However, thinking that it could make Mia green with envy, she agreed to it right away. 
"Okay, I'll be right there." 
Sitting right next to the woman, Donna heard the conversation and became distressed. 
Watching Megan packing her handbag, her brows drew together as she grabbed the woman's arm. 
"What if this is a trap?" 
With downcast eyes, Megan smiled ruefully while patting Donna's shoulder. 
"Don't worry about me.The worst that could happen was getting fired.Besides, I'm confident that it won't happen." 
Donna was tongue-tied for a few seconds. 
Helpless, she reminded, "I know I can't stop you, but please be careful." 
Nodding her head, Megan put on some light makeup, took her handbag, and headed out. 
At the stairway, someone escorted her to a black car and opened the door for her.
"Ms.Rockford, please get into the car.Mr.Wilson is waiting for you." 
Even though she was living for the second time, she had never experienced anything like this before. 
Taking a deep breath, she slowly got into the car. 
"You're here." 
As soon as she got into the car, Jake put away his laptop and turned to glance at the woman, who was restrained and guarded. 
The man raised a brow at her and sneered, "You weren't as timid when you fell intentionally onto the floor to set Mia up." 
As soon as he said it, Megan turned her head around to gape at him with widened eyes. 
Embarrassment was written all over her face, and the rhythm of her heartbeat became frantic.
###Chapter 3185
It seems like he's here to confront me. 
"D-Did you see everything?" 
He chuckled at her question. 
With an aloof expression, he said indifferently, "If you're going to pretend to be pushed over again, make sure that your injury is as severe as Jacinta's."Jacinta? Fluttering her lashes, Megan instantly understood him.She then shook her head and smiled. 
"I'm not as cunning as her." 
Turning his head, Jake scrutinized her. 
Within seconds, the atmosphere in the car became oppressive, and it wiped the smile off the woman's face, as she knew he was about to cut to the chase. 
"In case you didn't know, many approached me over the past few years, saying that they're Megan.In the end, they were sent to Alendor for labor work." 
Staring ahead in silence for a while, he added slowly, "I hope you won't be the next." 
She could tell that the man was implying something, but a person who hadn't lied wouldn't understand his words. 
Her eyes widened as she asked cowardly, "Why can't my name be Megan?" 
The man cast her a sideways glance and let out a sniff.
With a frigid gaze, he tipped her chin up with his finger. 
"Not in front of me, unless you're really her." 
"Who's she? I don't get it." 
Megan moved away from his grip.Her expression seemed mildly annoyed, and there wasn't a trace of deception in her genuine gaze. 
The suspicion in Jake's heart diminished gradually. 
With his legs crossed, he recalled the information he found about Megan. 
"I remember you said that you've been to an orphanage in Queenston Village," he said casually. 
His hand pressed against the car window. 
"I'm a little curious about the kids in the orphanage.Can you recognize any of them from these photos?" 
What? Did he just ask me to recognize them from the photos? Her expression flinched inconspicuously; yet, she quickly regained her composure. 
Rocky looked into the matter and showed me some photos and details on the lives of those living in the orphanage, but I won't be able to tell him the name of each person in the photo. 
Then, she explained nonchalantly, "Yes, I've been to the orphanage, but I didn't stay there, so I only know a handful of people there." 
Jake was skeptical about her words, studying her expression. 
Suddenly, he snickered.
"Okay.Take a look and see if you can spot anyone you know in these photos and give me an account of the situation back then," 
Megan resisted the urge to roll her eyes at him. 
Now! know why the other people named Megan were sent to Alendor. 
"Sure.Give me the photos." 
She nodded in agreement without batting an eyelid. 
"If everyone was in the photos, I should be able to recognize some of them." 
Her readiness made the man cast a few more glances at her. 
He then took an envelope from the inner pocket of his suit jacket and handed it to her. 
"Hurry up, it's going to be noon soon.This will determine whether you're going to be in a restaurant or a cruise to Alendor." 
His tone was totally impassive as if he was only chatting about the weather. 
The woman's heart skipped a beat. 
She tried to keep her hands as still as she could, so they wouldn't quiver. 
Brushing his words aside, Megan opened the envelope, and a stack of old, yellowish photos fell out of it. 
Picking one up, she looked at it carefully and spotted Jake. 
His appearance was entirely different when he was young.
The thin and short boy looked nothing like the tall and dashing man he was now. 
He was indistinguishable if one hadn't seen his old photos. 
"I can recognize this boy." 
With a firm look, she pointed at Jake's face in the photo. 
"I often hung out with him when I went to the Queenston Village." 
Staring at the spot where her finger was, Jake narrowed his eyes. 
In the next second, he pulled himself together. 
"Oh? Do you remember anything about him?" 
Looking up, Megan gazed right into his dark eyes, which were gleaming like obsidian. 
"Of course I do, because I had a crush on him when I was a little girl. Despite his skinny frame, he was sharp-witted and always cheered me up. He asked me to call him Gabe’"
###Chapter 3186
Megan looked nostalgic while reminiscing the past, as though she had lived it herself. 
Jake studied her half- lidded eyes with a faint smile, and the darkness that had shrouded his heart for many years seemed to finally fade away. 
His nickname Gabe was the only thing he remembered about himself, but it was officially changed to Jake Wilson after being brought into the Wilson family. 
But Jake still couldn't bring himself to trust the woman in front of him because her appearance was too much of a coincidence. 
Unfortunately, he had lost all his memories from the past. 
It looked like he could only wait and see how things panned out. 
Hence, he said, "Give me the photo.Although there's no need to go to Alendor anymore, I'll still be keeping an eye on you." 
Upon hearing that, Megan breathed a long sigh of relief. 
She felt as though she had stepped away from the edge of a cliff, but there was no telling when she would have to take a step forward again. 
However, she did not have a choice at all. 
If she didn't stop Jake and let Mia successfully secure her position, her chances of winning in this life would be very slim. 
Thus, she had to force herself to take such risks.
Megan recollected her thoughts as she passed the photo to Jake. 
Huffing out a short laugh, she said calmly, "I still don't understand what you're talking about, but I'm glad I don't have to go to Alendor anymore." 
Jake raised his brows wordlessly, but other than that, his expression was as calm as a millpond. 
With his heart in turmoil, he looked out the car window to watch the city view whizzing by. 
If she's really the one from my memories, can she really save me from the darkness that’s threatening to pull me down? {f she can't, then her existence would be meaningless. 
"Mr.Wilson, we've arrived." 
After some time, the car pulled to a stop by the entrance of a restaurant. 
Jake opened the car door and motioned for Megan to follow him upstairs. 
Be it in her previous life or her current one, Megan had never seen such an opulent restaurant. 
Lifting her head to admire the exquisite interior design, she couldn't help but lament that her previous life as a celebrity was all for naught. 
They followed a waiter along a corridor and very soon, they reached the second floor which was visibly more secluded. 
After Jake and Megan took their seats across from each other, the atmosphere in the private room turned slightly awkward. 
"I've already ordered our food.If there's anything else you want to eat, feel free to order it yourself.It's my treat."
Jake crossed one leg over the other and lazily propped his forehead against a closed fist. 
Then, he openly studied the woman in front of him through half- lidded eyes that were of an amber hue. 
Megan didn't dare to move a muscle. 
She was already feeling guilty as it was. 
Looking down at the menu that was pushed toward her, she shook her head with a feeble smile. 
"Thank you, but I'm fine with anything you order." 
Jake narrowed his eyes in a fraction. 
Arching a skeptical brow at her, he mentally flipped through the information he had on Megan and said indifferently, "As someone who grew up in the countryside, aren't you the least bit interested in the city's top delicacies?" 
This seemed to be an ordinary question, but it resembled a hand on Megan's back, ready to push her into the abyss the moment she gave him an unsatisfactory answer. 
Megan was silent for a while, but her expression remained unchanged. 
"It's not that I'm not interested, but when I was with Gabe before, he always called me rude, so he often told me what they taught him in the orphanage.Even though I'm not that cultured, I still know some basic manners." 
She managed to tell a convincing lie while keeping a straight face. 
Squaring her shoulders, she continued in an unwavering tone, "Besides, it's impossible for ordinary citizens to dine here.I get that you're a big shot, but please don't look down on others"
When she was done, the doubt in Jake's eyes had already morphed into intrigue, and a vague smile formed on his lips without him even realizing it. 
"Are you scolding me?" 
"I..." 
Megan was rendered speechless. 
Unable to read his thoughts, her initial righteous attitude instantly vanished and she murmured to herself, "I just think that you're wrong" 
Although her voice was barely audible, Jake still managed to catch it due to the confined space of the private room. 
Instead of feeling offended, the corners of his lips lifted slightly and the frost in his eyes was replaced by warmth.
###Chapter 3187
He concealed his smile and said jokingly, "You're the first woman who dared to scold me like that." 
Megan froze and suddenly felt awkward. 
For some reason, she felt a chill run down her spine. 
With a sheepish smile, she waved her hands and contradicted, "No, no.Your parents must've been the first ones who scolded you." 
At this, the warmth instantly left Jake's eyes. 
Pursing his lips unhappily, he said in a solemn voice, "Next time, you'd do well to remember that I grew up in an orphanage and I have no parents." 
The two of them ate most of their meal in silence. 
Ten minutes later, Megan placed down her utensils after she was done eating. 
Just as she was about to get up and bid farewell, Jake chose to break the silence at that moment. 
"Did you resign from Starling Media?" 
Megan was momentarily taken aback but quickly nodded in response. 
"Yes, I didn't want to stay there anymore." 
Raising his head to glance at her, Jake tried to sound her out. 
"Do you want to sign with Sky Entertainment?"
Sigh with Sky Entertainment? Never in her wildest dreams had Megan imagined that an insignificant meal would lead to a contract offer she had hankered after for so long. 
Bowing her head, she recalled the pain and suffering she went through in her previous life just for this official contract. 
The resentment buried deep down in her heart surged to the surface, making her feel slightly conflicted. 
Finally, she replied, "No, thank you." 
She would never sign a contract that was offered to her out of charity. 
Besides, she couldn't be sure if this was some kind of trap Jake laid out for her. 
"Oh?" 
Jake took a sip of his wine, seemingly unfazed by her rejection. 
"If there's anything you need, you can come to me.I'll give you my number" 
"Duly noted." 
Their meal lasted the whole night, but only a few words were exchanged with silence hovering over them most of the time. 
Fortunately, Megan had already prepared what to say beforehand. 
Hence, she managed to hold a pretty decent conversation with Jake. 
Back in the rental house, before Megan could even sit down to rest from being mentally exhausted, Donna bounded over and grabbed her arm with curiosity gleaming in her eyes.
"C'mon, Megan.Tell me what the two of you did." 
Perceiving the expectant look on Donna's face, Megan sighed helplessly and placed her bag on the coffee table before plopping onto the sofa. 
In a weary voice, she replied, "Nothing, but I feel like I could die" 
Megan initially didn't plan on revealing too much, but under Donna's persistent question, she recounted everything from start to finish in great detail. 
After she was done, Donna was visibly appalled by how observant Jake was. 
Not just Donna, but even Megan who had lived and died once was intimidated by Jake's terrifying aura. 
In her previous life, she probably wouldn't even dare to meet his gaze. 
Beep, beep, beep. 
The abrupt sound of Megan's phone ringing interrupted their train of thought. 
Upon glancing at the caller ID, Megan noticed that it was Steven. 
Without a second thought, she answered the call. 
"Hi, Mr.Hayes.How can I help you at this hour?" 
"Megan, tomorrow's launch event is very important.Don't forget to come." 
Steven cut straight to the chase. 
There was a hint of exhaustion in his tone, and his usually stern voice seemed to have softened a little.
But what he said left Megan slightly dumbfounded. 
Due to the huge uproar earlier that day, she didn't plan on attending the premiere. 
She could still clearly remember Steven's expression at that moment, which further steeled her resolve. 
"Mr.Hayes, I think it's best if I don't go. 
After what happened today, I doubt it'd be a good idea for me to attend the launch event tomorrow." 
"Someone will take care of all this.Just be there and don't worry about anything else.I won't take no for an answer.Anyway, it's getting late now.Rest early." 
With that, Steven ended the call before Megan could respond. 
A crease formed between her brows as she stared blankly at her phone screen. 
"What's wrong, Megan? Look at that silly look on your face." 
Unaware of what happened, Donna poked Megan's cheek and leaned over to glance at her phone. 
"It's nothing serious.Mr.Hayes wants me to attend the launch event tomorrow.Help me prepare my outfit." 
Megan gave Donna some instructions with a frown on her face. 
Lowering her gaze, doubt crept into her heart.
###Chapter 3188
Mr.Hayes has always hated unnecessary hype, so why would he insist on having me there? Megan could only think of one possibility—Jake had something to do with it. 
After all, Sky Entertainment was the main investor of Transcendent. 
Hence, giving a newcomer the chance to attend its launch event was but a walk in the park for Jake. 
The next day, Megan and Donna were the first to arrive at the launch event. 
The event this time was grander than the last one. 
Security was much tighter as well, which was obviously to prevent another horrible incident like before. 
"Wow, there are already so many people outside." 
Megan pulled open the curtain for a peek. 
Placing one hand on her chest, she feigned nervousness. 
Donna giggled beside her and teased, "I doubt you'd be afraid even when the curtains were fully drawn, but you can keep pretending if it makes you happy." 
She was not wrong to say that. 
Right then, the only thing Megan feared was Jake sending her to Alendor. 
"Megan?" 
The two of them were happily chatting away when a familiar male voice came from behind.
Looking over her shoulder, Megan realized that Jonas was standing just inches away from her.She blinked several times, clearly surprised to see him. 
"What are you doing here?" 
Jonas smiled upon seeing the disbelief look sprawled on her face. 
"Don't tell me you didn't know that I sang the theme song for this film? The boss asked me to come and show some support." 
Show support, huh? Megan eyed Jonas suspiciously and was transiently lost for words. 
I never knew that a film directed by Mr.Hayes needed support from a young idol. 
"Hey, what's with that look?" 
Jonas's expression changed subtly upon detecting the doubt in her gaze. 
He couldn't help but chide, "I'm not the kind of person who'd lie to someone who was dumb enough to fall victim to Jacinta's ploy." 
At the mention of Jacinta, white-hot rage swelled in Megan. 
She had yet to get over that incident, but here he was, rubbing salt into the wound. 
"Are you here to flaunt your low EQ in front of me?" 
With anger coursing through her veins, Megan had no intention to be civil with Jonas.She shot him a dirty look and skirted around him to sit on a stool by the side. 
Since his debut, Jonas had only been adored by girls.
This was the first time a woman dared to give him an attitude. 
Hence, he was found it vexing and amusing at the same time. 
However, Megan was usually an even-tempered person. 
It seems like I have really said something wrong and pissed her off. 
Jonas sighed in resignation. 
Noticing Megan's flushed cheeks whilst lost in thought, he was surprised to see how cute she looked now. 
He walked forward and lightly nudged her shoe with his own. 
Lowering his ego a little, he muttered, "Don't be mad.I'll make it up to you with a meal after the launch event." 
"No, thank you.Please stay away from me." 
Megan lifted her gaze to glance fleetingly at Jonas’ innocent expression. 
Suddenly, all of the frustration brought about by Jacinta and the internet trolls rushed to the forefront of her mind, making her all the more repulsed by the sight of the man before her. 
Obviously, she forgot that she had herself to blame for being close to him. 
Minutes passed, but the two of them remained in a deadlock. 
Standing awkwardly by the side, Donna couldn't find an opening to intervene.
Seeing as Megan didn't budge even after he coaxed her, Jonas simply ignored her, lest she became smug. 
After what felt like an eternity, Jonas abruptly left the break room backstage. 
Donna gently nudged Megan and used her chin to point in the direction Jonas had left. 
"Let's go" 
Megan craned her neck to look in that direction and finally heaved a sigh. 
Truth be told, her anger had subsided a long time ago and she was merely pretending later on. 
After all, she didn't want to get too close to Jonas. 
One Jacinta had given her enough trouble to last her a lifetime. 
"He's gone.Good.The launch event is probably starting soon.Let's escape right after it's over’ Megan stood up and whispered nervously to Donna, as though she was about to commit a terrible crime later. 
Donna nodded profusely and responded with a serious expression. 
"Okay.We'll make a mad dash for the exit together!" 
More people poured into the break room.By the time the last person arrived, it was also almost time for the launch event to begin.
###Chapter 3189
Megan recalled Steven's promise, stating that there wouldn't be any more odd incidents. 
Although she still felt uneasy, she had let her guard down significantly. 
At five o'clock in the evening, the launch event for Transcendent finally commenced. 
After Megan and the other lead actors greeted the media, the sound of the camera shutters clicking assaulted her ears. 
Jonas and Megan were the two most photographed celebrities out of the bunch. 
After all, they were both involved in a scandal. 
After the launch event started, everyone present was led through the program by the host. 
Half an hour later, it was finally time for the Q&A session. 
Truth be told, Megan was not willing to reveal too much in front of these people, but the usual practice of every press conference would not change merely because of her mood. 
"Okay.The one in the yellow shirt on the third row.You may ask a question." 
The host randomly picked a reporter, who upon standing up, stared straight at Megan. 
It was apparent that his question would be directed at her. 
"Ms.Rockford, I'd like to ask you a question.How does it feel to work with Mr.Wulff for the first time?" 
Megan stiffened slightly upon being asked this question.
There were so many people on stage, but he just had to shine the spotlight onto the one who was a singer. 
"I'm really sorry, but Mr.Wulff and I have different professions, so we can't be considered to have worked together" 
Megan brushed off the question with a few simple words and discreetly rolled her eyes. 
Too many bad things had happened recently and her patience was really running out. 
Instantly sensing the tension, the host raised his gaze just in time to glimpse the irritated look on Megan's face. 
Then, he wisely told the reporter to sit back down before swiftly picking another reporter to ask the next question. 
However, the next reporter who was chosen wasn't any better than the last.His question wasn't directed at Megan, but at Jonas instead. 
"Mr.Wulff, the lyrics of this song seem to resonate with the villain princess in the film.May I ask if you'd seek Ms.Rockford's guidance when you sing this song?" 
Everyone fell silent upon hearing this cleverly constructed question. 
The reporter seemed to be asking about the film but was in fact digging for information. 
However, this kind of behavior was very likely to get him blacklisted forever. 
Meaning to say, he would probably never be invited to conduct interviews on any of the shows invested by this company. 
The reporter who was chosen did not seem to realize this.
Upon seeing that Jonas had no intention to answer, he wanted to repeat his question. 
However, the curtains behind the row of actors were abruptly pulled open. 
The next second, a deep and cold voice reverberated through the entire venue like a bolt of lightning, shocking everyone present. 
"If you really want to know, you might as well ask me directly." 
Jake stood tall and imposing on the stage, inevitably drawing everyone's attention to him. 
In an instant, the temperature at the venue seemed to plummet. 
The reporter who asked that question blanched in horror, clearly recognizing Jake as he stammered, "Mr.Wilson..." 
However, he couldn't seem to construct a proper sentence. 
Jake's eyes darkened and he glanced toward Megan with an unreadable expression. 
Even though Megan had her back to him, she could feel the weight of his gaze, and it sent a tingling sensation through her entire body. 
Seemingly pleased by Megan's nervous reaction, Jake stuffed one hand into his trouser pocket and pressed his lips together before silently walking to the spot behind her. 
Then, he placed a broad palm on her shoulder like it was the most natural thing to do. 
This gesture coupled with Jake's expressionless face looked very much like a warning to her in the audience's eyes.
However, Megan felt differently. 
Instead of feeling afraid, the warmth from his palm caused goosebumps all over her body, and her heart started beating wildly in her chest. 
Since when are Jake and I that close? She was still wary of him. 
Thus, his overly warm gesture was bound to arouse further suspicion. 
"Both Megan Rockford and Jonas Wulff are actors sponsored by us. 
I believe all of you are professional reporters, so act the part and don't ask unnecessary questions." 
Through the thin fabric, Jake could feel Megan's tense body. 
The inexplicable displeasure which had slithered into his heart earlier finally dissipated slightly. 
He withdrew his hand and scanned the room of reporters with an impassive expression, issuing the final warning.
###Chapter 3190
At that moment, Megan finally understood what Steven meant when he said someone would take care of it.He was, in fact, referring to Jake. 
She didn't know how to react to this revelation. 
He's the only person who could've gotten Steven to call me. 
Is he treating me so well because of the stories I made up? "Hey, focus." 
Kelly gently nudged Megan when she noticed the latter spacing out. 
When Megan lifted her head again, she realized that Jake was no longer there. 
Ignoring the reporters below, she whispered to Kelly, "He's gone?" 
"He left right after he finished speaking.Big bosses like him must really be busy.It's not that surprising that he couldn't stay too long." 
Kelly shrugged, then jerked her chin at the reporters below the stage and advised, "Don't overthink it.There are still a lot of reporters down there.Let's get over with this first." 
Upon hearing that he had left, Megan instantly relaxed. 
She nodded and exhaled a long breath, finally able to focus on the launch event where no one dared to ask sensitive questions anymore. 
Half an hour later, the launch event finally came to an end. 
Megan trudged backstage, physically and mentally tired.
After exchanging a few words with Kelly, Donna came over to drag her away. 
Due to what happened on stage just now, Megan was still a little bit dazed. 
It wasn't only until Donna interrupted that she remembered about her plan to slip away right after getting off stage. 
"Okay, okay.We can stop now." 
Megan slumped in relief upon arriving at the hotel's back door. 
If she were to be captured by those unscrupulous paparazzi, her name would be plastered all over the headlines again. 
After running for quite some time, the two of them stopped to take a break, panting breathlessly. 
They were just about to hail a taxi on the main road when someone called out in a loud voice, "Oh my God, Megan Rockford! I have finally found you!" 
Megan looked over her shoulder in bewilderment and was confused to see a little girl with a curtain of long hair running toward her. 
Although reluctant, she still responded out of courtesy, "You are?" 
The little girl was visibly disappointed. 
She wanted to pass the gift in her hand to Megan, but the latter wasn't a kind or naive person. 
Hence, she merely stared at what looked very much like a lunchbox with no intention to accept it. 
"Megan, I really, really ship you and Jonas Wulff! The interaction between the two of you on Twitter was just too cute!"
The little girl held out the lunchbox with excitement written all over her face. 
Even her originally pale complexion seemed to glow from it. 
Megan was taken aback for a moment and suddenly fell into deep thought. 
In a few years’ time, these shipper fans would only increase in number. 
Shipper fans basically emerged when love or friendship was portrayed between male and female leads in films. 
Hence, Megan found it peculiar that this girl would ship her and Jonas merely because of an interaction she saw on Twitter. 
If memory served her right, it was only a single sentence. 
Not to mention, it was a one-sided conversation on Jonas’ end. 
"Oh...I see.Then, thank you for your support" 
Megan gave a casual response and smiled perfunctorily. 
Then, she signaled Donna with her eyes and was about to leave. 
However, the girl noticed the little message that passed between them. 
Without warning, she stepped in between them and shoved the lunchbox into Megan's arms. 
"This is a lunchbox I personally made for you. 
Don't forget to eat it, Megan!"
Before Megan could react, the girl let go of the lunchbox, spun on her heels and scurried off. 
Megan looked at the lunchbox in her hand with furrowed brows, planning to throw it away. 
"Hey, aren't you going to see what's inside? You don't have to eat it." 
When Donna saw Megan walking toward a trash bin, her curiosity got the best of her again. 
"What's there to see?" 
Contrary to Donna, Megan wasn't as curious. 
Right before she threw away the lunchbox, Donna's hand shot out to stop her. 
With reluctance lining her features, she said, "What if she's really a fan? She'd be heartbroken if she found out you threw it away.Besides, what if you're caught on camera doing this? So I think you should really take a look" 
Megan lowered her gaze and sighed in defeat. 
Since Donna insisted, she didn't put up a fight anymore.Thus, she placed the lunchbox on the cover of the trash bin and was about to open it.
###Chapter 3192
Chapter 3192 The Hard Way 
Scorpion? Both Megan and Jonas were taken aback, with the former recalling the situation from earlier. Don’t tell me she hid a scorpion in that box of cockroaches? 
“Show me your hands, Megan! Quick!” Jonas yelled with trepidation. 
Without bothering to wait for Megan to react, he snatched up her hands and found a striking red mark on one of them. 
It was then that Megan felt a burning sensation spreading through her fingers and noticed some signs of swelling. Frantic, her hands started trembling and her lips turned pale. 
As she was born in the countryside, she knew that a scorpion sting wasn’t fatal, but she was still afraid of that possibility. 
I haven’t even gotten my revenge yet. Even if I die, it has to be after Mia and Herman! 
“Snap out of it! We need to get you to the hospital!” Jonas’ brows pulled into a deep frown. When Megan remained in a trance-like state, he directly scooped her into his arms. Isabelle, who was still lying on the ground, almost burst a vein upon seeing this. 
But at that moment, no one could care less about her feelings. 
As they entered through the hotel’s back door, Megan finally regained her senses and started struggling in Jonas’ arms. However, he kept a firm grip on her and anxiously rushed toward where his car was parked while Donna covered him all the way. Within a few minutes, the three of them finally boarded his car. Jonas hurriedly started the engine and sped toward the hospital.
They reached the hospital ten minutes later. After the doctor examined Megan, he informed them that the sting wasn’t life-threatening, but Megan could be hospitalized for further observation if they were really worried. 
The moment Megan heard about being hospitalized for further observation, she couldn’t help but do a double-take at the doctor. She had lost count of how many times she encountered similar situations back in the countryside, which she then settled with a simple band-aid. Coming to the hospital was already a luxury. Being hospitalized was simply unwarranted. 
“It’s fine. There are so many other patients. I don’t want to occupy a bed when I’m not sick.” After Megan’s wound was tended to, she moved to leave. 
However, Jonas held her back and said in a firm tone, “Stay here for a night. I’ll arrange for a single room. It was my fan who harmed you, so I should take responsibility for this.” 
As they stood in the doctor’s consultation room, Jonas’ features were concealed behind a pair of shades and a face mask, but Megan could imagine the unrelenting look he was wearing. Since the first time he came to her rescue, Megan already knew that he was a man with a strong sense of responsibility and morality. 
This time was no different than the last, but Megan was disinclined to accept his gesture of goodwill. 
“I don’t blame you for any of this, so don’t worry about it.” Megan briefly looked at the spot where she was stung, then waved goodbye and calmly walked out of the consultation room. 
However, Jonas had no intention of letting her leave. His long legs made a move quickly and stopped in front of Megan. “Megan, are you really going to make me use the hard way?” 
Although he was constantly rejected by her, he wasn’t offended at all because he only had one goal in mind, and that was to make sure she was hospitalized.
Hearing the way he was threatening her, Megan looked up at him with a cold expression. Growing impatient, her brows scrunched together as she countered, “Oh, the hard way, huh? Well, I’d like to see just what you have in mind.” 
The next second, Jonas bent down and place her over his shoulder. Megan was stunned for a split second, then her cheeks flushed a crimson red and she thrashed against him, causing passersby to look over curiously. 
“Put me down!” 
Ignoring her struggles, Jonas growled at her in a fierce tone, “Behave yourself!” 
Megan had never been yelled at by Jonas, so she blinked in surprise. The words she was prepared to say were stuck in her throat, and her heart galloped in her chest. 
Unexpectedly, this gentle-looking man had a stubborn side, and there was absolutely no stopping him when he had made up his mind on something. 
Ugh. What a difficult man. 
Realizing that struggling was futile, Megan stopped moving altogether. Moments later, Jonas carried her to the east wing of the building. After going through everyone’s curious stares, they finally arrived at the door to a single room. 
Upon entering the clean and tidy room, Jonas put Megan back down. However, as soon as her feet touched the ground, her body tilted sideways and she almost fell.
###Chapter 3193
Wildcat 
Fortunately, Jonas had quick reflexes. He caught her in time and supported her to sit on the bed. 
After being carried over his shoulder all the way and finally being back on her feet, Megan felt much more at ease. Slicing a glare at Jonas, her anger surged and she began castigating him, “Don’t you know how dizzy you made me? You’re such a brute!” 
“Oh, really? Well, I only become a brute when it’s necessary,” Jonas shot back with raised brows. 
Then, he pulled a chair over and sat down before elegantly taking off his shades and face mask. Looking at her with his proud eyes, he continued, “You’re like a wildcat, do you know that? Brute force is required to make sure you behave. Anyway, I’ll watch over you tonight. You can leave first thing tomorrow morning.” 
As soon as he said that, Megan jumped up from the bed. Pointing at him, her eyes went wide with disbelief as she yelled at the top of her lungs, “You’re going to stay in the same room with me? Don’t you think we have enough scandals already?” 
Seeing her getting so worked up, Jonas felt slightly disgruntled. He pressed his lips together and questioned with a hint of anger in his eyes, “What? Are you that upset to be involved in a scandal with me? Don’t you forget that you were the one who started this in the first place!” 
“I…” Megan was rendered inarticulate and her cheeks turned red. In the end, she shot him a few vicious glares and gave up. 
Seated on the chair next to the bed, Jonas noticed the deflated look on her face and chuckled softly. In better spirits, he didn’t continue provoking her.
When the ward plunged into silence, the seconds seemed to stretch out like an eternity. 
Jonas’ slightly bleary eyes shifted to look at Megan’s face, which still held traces of anger on it. For some reason, he found her extremely cute in a unique way. 
“Has anyone told you you’re very beautiful?” Jonas propped his temple on a hand and popped this question out of the blue, his long lashes fluttering in an alluring manner. 
“Hah! I wish.” Megan turned her face away and denied it with a dubious expression. She even thought that he was mocking her. “With Mia around, who would spare me a second glance? As far as appearances are concerned, I am indeed inferior to her.” 
It was a fact. No matter how much she resented Mia, Megan would never lie through her teeth and say otherwise. 
Hearing this, Jonas raised his brows in surprise. Drumming his fingers on his knee, he spoke in a rich voice, “Really? I think you’re really beautiful though.” 
“Huh?” Megan turned back to look at him in astonishment, thinking she had misheard him. With an embarrassed look on her face, she mumbled, “You don’t have to force yourself to compliment me. No matter what happened between us, I just hope that it’ll all be over after tonight.” 
She did not want to have too much to do with Jonas. This was always her intention except for the first time. Every interaction from then on was mere coincidences. 
If more scandals about them emerged, it would only implicate Jonas. Hence, even if it was God’s will, she had to put a stop to this. 
However, Jonas did not seem to share the same sentiment. He just couldn’t relate to Megan’s reasons, nor could he understand why she would be bothered by some simple interactions.
He began to wonder if he were the real problem. 
Jonas became more confused the more he thought about it. He stared at the woman with a complicated expression and asked in a bitter voice, “Oh? Is that what you have in mind all this while?” 
Apart from anger, Megan could discern a hint of grievance in his tone, but she deliberately ignored it. 
Despite that, she still couldn’t bring herself to say anything cruel to him. When their gazes met, her resolution wavered and guilt snaked into her heart. 
“It’s better this way for both of us,” Megan stated calmly, but she already felt her resistance crumbling under his intense stare. 
She gulped twice and had to bow her head to avoid his gaze. 
“You think I’d be grateful to you for doing this? Well, don’t kid yourself.” 
Jonas stood up angrily as though he was unable to tolerate Megan’s perfunctory responses any longer. His handsome face clouded over while the frustration and conflicting emotions swirled in his eyes.
###Chapter 3194
A Gift With Ribbons 
Unable to fathom why he was mad all of a sudden, Megan stared at him in bewilderment. It wasn’t until the door was slammed behind him with a loud bang that she snapped out of her daze. 
“Did he get up on the wrong side of the bed today?” she muttered under her breath. With her thoughts still all over the place, she scanned the empty ward and sat in silence for a long time. In the end, she decided not to think about it anymore. 
After all, many things were impossible to figure out no matter how much one tried to. That was because sometimes, the disparity wasn’t merely the gap of mountains and rivers between two people, but four trillion cells, many memories as well as past events to take into account. 
Megan sighed softly. After shoving those annoying thoughts to the back of her mind, she planned to call Donna to fetch her back. 
This girl is really something. When Jonas was manhandling me earlier, she had the nerve to slip away unnoticed. 
She fished out her phone and was just about to give Donna a call when the door to the ward was opened once again. 
But this time, it was Jake. 
Megan was stunned to see him, and her mind instantly went blank. Subsequently, all kinds of thoughts flashed across her mind. In her gobsmacked state, she almost dropped her phone. 
“W-What are you doing here?”
“Why are you so surprised?” Jake surveyed Megan who was sitting on the bed. Then, he stepped into the room and closed the door behind him with a soft click. 
“Yes. I’m indeed a little surprised.” Megan school her features the moment the door was closed, but her heart was pounding in her chest. 
She forced herself to meet his eyes, but faced with those amber orbs which seemed to be able to see through one’s soul, she felt like she could no longer maintain the most ideal facade. 
However, Megan knew she couldn’t let Jake notice the guilt she was feeling. Gritting her teeth, she feigned calmness and stood up, then gingerly went up to greet him. 
A hint of intrigue gleamed in Jake’s eyes when he saw her docile demeanor. He could still remember how nervous she was at the launch event earlier. That vaguely tensed body had evoked curiosity in his heart for the first time. 
It was like a gift with ribbons, but he had only looked at it and hadn’t opened it yet. 
“Has Jonas gone out?” Jake naturally took her hand and pulled her to the bed indifferently. Megan stiffened and immediately tried wriggling her hand out of his. 
“Let me go first, then I’ll answer you.” 
This sudden act of intimacy made Megan feel uneasy. As she nervously tried to withdraw her hand again, her face grew hotter and she was convinced he could hear the sound of her rapid heartbeat in the silent ward. 
She didn’t quite understand whether her reaction stemmed from her guilty conscience or some other bizarre emotion.
In the large room, even the air seemed too thin because of Jake’s oppressing aura. Megan subconsciously held her breath. Her throat had already gone dry and she couldn’t make a sound. 
I never thought I’d be this nervous and uneasy around him. I was fine the last time. 
Why is this happening? 
“Are you scared?” Jake lowered his head to have a clearer view of her nervous expression. However, he still held her hand tightly as his eyes shone with an indecipherable emotion. 
“I’m… not.” 
In the quiet room, the atmosphere grew strained, but both of them did not move to break the silence. 
After a long time, Jake seemed to be tired of seeing the same distant expression on Megan’s face. Thus, he lifted his other hand to tuck a stray lock of hair behind her ear. When his fingertips grazed her burning hot cheek, her eyes finally showed a ripple of emotion. 
“Oh? So you’re not scared of me.” Jake chuckled softly. Suddenly, his face inched even closer to hers. 
Megan felt herself go light-headed like she was floating on clouds. For a while, she was unable to react, but her eyes went wide when Jake’s warm breath tickled her cheeks. As though she was scalded by hot water, she instinctively wanted to take a few steps backward. 
“No…” She failed to calm her galloping heart. Even her mind went haywire.
###Chapter 3195
The Heart Wants What It Wants 
Megan’s self-conscious gaze darted around the room, focusing on anything but Jake. Her brain kept recalling the launch event and the feeling of the warm hand on her shoulder. 
That small, simple touch had triggered something unknown inside of her. 
“So did you, or didn’t you?” Jake held her chin between his thumb and pointer finger, the smell of his cologne overpowering her as she stared at his handsome face up close, enraptured. Megan knew that this was a trap, but the dazed look in her eyes betrayed her true emotions. 
“I did…” 
Jake raised an eyebrow, absentmindedly moving his hand upwards to trace his fingers against her face. “Was it because you lied to me?” 
Lied…? 
Megan blinked owlishly, suddenly snapping back to reality. Goosebumps rose all over her skin; she’d nearly given into his hypnotic gaze and sold herself out. 
“I never lied to you.” 
She pushed him away with arguably more force than needed, raising her chin high up in the air and huffing. 
Why is he so insistent on catching me off-guard? And to think that he’d nearly succeeded! 
“Is that so?” Jake looked calm and threw her a casual reply.
He scanned the room they were in, sitting himself down on the bed and patting the empty spot next to him. “Come here. Tell me, what did you and Jonas talk about?” 
Jake was never one for niceties or polite introductions; instead, he preferred to order people around. Due to this, Megan felt the uncontrollable urge to oppose him. 
She forced a blank expression onto her face, scoffing coldly. “I haven’t signed the contract with Sky Entertainment yet, which means you’re not the boss of me. Why should I tell you anything? And even if you want answers, you should be asking Jonas, not me. I don’t know you that well.” 
Jake wondered if she thought that the “I don’t know you that well” phrase was all she needed to dismiss their relationship with each other. Brushing it off, he licked at his lips and wrapped one arm around Megan’s waist, pulling her closer to him. 
There was barely a hair’s breadth of distance in between them, and Megan could feel his every breath brushing against her face. His intense stare made her blush all the way to the tips of her ears. 
Satisfied with her flustered reaction, Jake narrowed his eyes ever so slightly and leaned in. Megan vaguely registered that he was saying something in a deep, husky voice, but couldn’t focus on anything else except the movement of his Adam’s apple. 
“If you are really Megan, then your life is mine to own. We have all the time in the world to get to know each other.” 
I want to wipe that smug grin off his face. Megan gritted her teeth in frustration, but couldn’t deny the fact that her heart had skipped a beat. The man was just too damn attractive for his own good. 
“I am really Megan, but I have no intention of getting to know you.”
She scrambled away from him, knowing that she wouldn’t be able to resist the temptation if she remained that close to him for a second longer. 
However, Jake had no intention of letting her off the hook so easily. 
“If you don’t want to get to know me, then would you prefer getting closer to Jonas instead?” He raised an eyebrow. 
Megan read between the lines and gave him a sidelong glance. 
So, he even beats around the bush sometimes. 
“Not at all. I don’t plan on getting close with either of you. I haven’t even begun to understand why you care whether I’m Megan or not, and why you showed me those pictures.” 
Something flashed through the depths of Jake’s eyes. “That is none of your business,” he drawled out, running a hand through his hair. “All you need to remember is that if you are Megan, you belong to me. And if you aren’t Megan, I hope you know that there are consequences for lying to me.” 
A veiled threat. Megan clenched her jaw, contemplating belatedly if she’d snuck into the lion’s den.
###Chapter 3196
A Helping Hand 
She had long since lost her freedom and her rights from the moment she’d admitted that she was Megan. 
When that realization finally dawned upon her, she let out a long-suffering sigh. Jake was a cruel, merciless, domineering man and there was nothing she could change about that. 
“Sure. If that’s the case, then I’m leaving.” Too lazy to argue with him any further, she stood up and made to leave only to get pulled back by him once more. 
“Did I say you could leave?” His displeasure was written all over his face, sending chills down her spine. 
“What do you want?” 
Rolling her eyes, she sat down on the hospital bed. 
“Give me your arm.” He reached his hand out. “You got stung, didn’t you?” 
She did a double-take, hesitant to follow his orders. But when she looked up and caught a glance of Jake’s darkening expression, she quickly made the decision to reach her arm out. 
“I’m fine. I really don’t know why Jonas insisted on me staying at the hospital… Actually, how did you know that I was here?” 
She’d wanted to ask that ever since he stepped foot within her ward, but hadn’t had the proper chance to do so until now.
The only possibility she could think of was that he’d followed her all the way here, but she quickly banished that creepy thought from her mind. 
“Because someone was following you,” Jake told her in a very matter-of-fact tone, the tips of his fingers tracing lightly over her wound. Just as Megan was about to panic, he suddenly applied pressure to the swollen spot on her skin. 
“You were too near to him.” 
He lifted his gaze to watch Megan inhale sharply at the prick of pain that shot up her arm. Her reaction did nothing to ease the upset feeling squeezing his chest. 
Megan couldn’t pull her arm away, gritting her teeth in an attempt to keep any sounds of pain from escaping her. She glared at him fixedly, furrowing her eyebrows. 
What a self-centered, narcissistic man! 
He literally has nothing going for him except his looks! And to think that I felt attracted to him just now! 
Wait… attracted? 
Her mind blanked as she blinked rapidly. Although Jake had a dark, gloomy expression, she couldn’t deny the fact that he still looked handsome while doing so. 
So this is the reason why my heartbeat was speeding up and going into overdrive… 
Self-hatred filled her chest, and she turned away from him. She didn’t want to admit that she was interested in a man whom she’d only met a few times. There had to be something wrong with her, or some other explanation for what she was feeling. Perhaps she was just more sensitive to Jake’s touch compared to others.
“Are you done pressing on my wound?” she snapped, her attitude completely flipping around. 
Jake kept staring at her. 
After what felt like an eternity, he finally let go of her arm and stood up. “Remember what I told you today. And I have to remind you that showbiz is an industry that depends on connections and resources. If you leave me and try to make a name for yourself by solely depending on Jonas, you’ll always stay an unknown rookie.” 
Megan knew that all too well, but his spiteful tone made her all the more stubborn. 
Clicking her tongue, she got to her feet and stood up straight, a newfound determination burning in her eyes. 
“I don’t need your help. As long as you don’t try to sabotage me, I’ll definitely rise to the top of this industry!” 
Jake nearly let out a bark of laughter. The cynical pessimist in him didn’t bother to entertain her baseless hopes and dreams. 
“In that case, I’ll be watching and waiting.” 
With that confusing statement, he walked out of the room and never looked back. Megan was left fuming, clenching her fists tightly as she watched him leave.
###Chapter 3197
Coming Clean 
He had made those weirdly possessive declarations that pissed her off because she was acting as Megan. However, his opinion of her seemed to be that she would never be anything but an amateur. 
Is that so? 
Megan couldn’t stop herself from considering the question: if she truly was good-for-nothing, then why was she reborn into this lifetime? 
She understood that clumsiness and luck were things that a person was born with, but whether or not you could change your own future lay solely in your own hands. 
She was fine with being good-for-nothing, or even useless. If she kept up this pace and made progress one step at a time, she would surely surpass Mia and prove Herman wrong! 
Megan prepared to leave the hospital and head home. She was in an incredibly depressed mood after that conversation with Jake and wanted nothing more than a relaxing hot bath. 
Unfortunately, she’d barely taken a single step out of the hospital grounds when a car drove up to her, sighing heavily when she recognized it as Jonas’ car. 
It was already getting dark outside and he still hadn’t left. 
The car windows rolled down to reveal Jonas sitting in the driver’s seat. “Get in.” 
Knowing that she had no other choice, she obediently got into the car, all the while Jake’s warning from earlier was still ringing in her ears. It’s not that I have to listen to his advice.
She had gotten into the car only because she was mad at Jake, but Jonas assumed that she’d done so because she’d realized her mistakes and felt bad. 
His cold expression softened somewhat, turning his attention to focus on the road before him as he started up the car. “Shall I send you home?” 
Megan leaned her head against the window as she stared emptily at the passing cars and street lights. She made a simple sound of agreement, too absorbed by her lingering feelings of frustration and anger to think of anything else. 
Jonas could tell that she was unhappy, but couldn’t figure out why. All he could do was try to lighten the atmosphere. 
“I gathered my thoughts while waiting downstairs just now. Are you sure that we can’t be friends, Megan?” 
He was being sincere. There was a small voice buried in the back of his mind that kept screaming to get closer to her and to know her on a deeper level. 
But his question shocked Megan, causing her whole body to stiffen. 
“Are you sure that’s what you want? Won’t we get misunderstood even more if we become friends?” she argued. “I just really don’t want to get into more scandals with you, and it’s not like they’re doing you any good either.” 
“That’s not something for you to be worried about,” he replied, eyebrows furrowing in dissatisfaction. “I don’t care even if you reject me. No one can stop me from doing what I want as long as I’ve made my decision.” 
Megan knew that. She shook her head, swallowing the words stuck in her throat.
“If you insist, then I have nothing to say. It’s not like I have many friends anyway. I don’t care as long as your reputation isn’t affected because of me.” 
Megan had never truly hated Jonas in the first place. She merely hated the idea of associating herself with him because she’d already dragged him into her mess once, and didn’t want to cause any more trouble for him. 
After all, they barely knew each other to even be considered acquaintances. 
“Really?” Jonas perked up, unable to hide the sheer happiness in his voice. “I don’t mind at all.” 
Megan chuckled, stretching her arms and back out while recalling the events of the entire day. “Thank you.” 
“It was nothing. I’d planned on making you stay at the hospital overnight, but later changed my mind and thought that it would be better to respect your wishes,” he laughed, scratching the back of his head. 
There was an unfamiliar, gentle look on his face. the passing lights casting striking shadows against the contours of his face. Megan just nodded and waved her hand in a dismissing motion.
###Chapter 3198
The Mastermind Behind The Scenes 
Jonas’ car eventually arrived at Megan’s address. Due to multiple reasons, he wasn’t able to send her to her door, watching her walk up the stairs and driving off as soon as he’d made sure that she was inside. 
Megan was reaching out to turn the knob on her apartment door when Donna suddenly opened it up from the inside, startling her. 
She just took a look at Donna’s expression to figure out that something must have happened. 
She changed into a pair of house slippers and pulled Donna to sit on the couch. Her friend’s anxiousness and fidgety mood were starting to affect her as well. “Why do you look so grim?” 
“Luna called,” Donna gulped. Her usual bubbly, cheerfulness was nowhere to be found. 
Megan frowned at the mere mention of Luna. “What did she say?” 
Donna opened and closed her mouth several times, seemingly racking her brain for the right words to construct her sentence before mumbling out, “She said that your contract with Starling Media hasn’t ended yet, so you’re technically still working under them, even if you’ve already decided not to renew your contract. She wants to schedule a job for you.” 
“A job?” Megan’s eyes widened for a brief second before she let out a harsh scoff. “There’s no way she’d be so kind. Go on. I want to know what tricks she has up her sleeve.” 
Her tone was so icily cold that Donna wondered if the temperature in the room had dropped several degrees.
Luna hadn’t stopped Megan when she first left Starling Media, but now she was trying to force her to go back by holding her contract over her head! 
Donna sounded apprehensive as she went on to say, “You’re going to be filming a commercial. Mia is the main character, while you got the supporting role.” 
That pissed Megan off. She immediately jumped up from her seat, rage flaring up as she exclaimed, “Is it the kind of supporting role that gets to kill off the main character? Because if it isn’t, then I’m not doing it!” 
Donna had expected this. 
It was a shame. This would have been a good opportunity for Megan if it weren’t for the ongoing feud between her and her co-star. 
“Of course, there isn’t. It’s a commercial for a milk brand, and they’ve scripted up some pure, ‘first love’ story that takes place in a high school. You know, the kind of story that Mia is best suited for…” 
Donna stood up and tried to rub Megan’s back comfortingly in an attempt to get her to calm down. 
Luna was clearly just treating her like a toy; picking her up when she was in the mood to entertain her, and throwing her away when she felt like it. 
Megan’s jaw clenched tightly. With the knowledge that she had to go to the filming, she forced herself to take a few deep breaths and reorganize her thoughts. Her mind now clear, she suddenly realized something. 
This decision couldn’t have solely been Luna’s idea. Mia had to be the puppeteer behind this whole mess!
“Did Luna tell you who the male lead is?” Megan plopped back down onto the sofa, schooling her expression into a mask of calm and serenity. 
“It’s Jonas,” Donna sighed. “Arguably the most maddening thing about the script is that your character was described as ‘the ugly girl’…” 
Wow, “the ugly girl”. 
Megan now had absolutely no doubt that this was all Mia’s doing. 
Mia was trying to use Megan’s supposed “ugliness” to complement her own “beauty”. 
“I gotta give Mia props for the creative idea,” Megan laughed out loud. “Even if she wants to see me look bad on purpose, I won’t give her that chance.” 
“Does that mean you won’t go?” Donna’s mouth fell open, all the color draining from her face as she clutched onto Megan’s sleeve. “The contract states clearly that you have to attend all work events that Starling Media tells you to, or else you’ll be breaching the terms of the contract! We can’t afford to pay the compensation for breaching the contract!” 
“Relax, I’m going,” Megan forced a smile. Deep within her heart, her hatred for Mia worsened even further.
###Chapter 3199
The Last Straw 
It didn’t matter. Transcendent was going to air soon, and it would most definitely be her big break. 
“Good,” Donna sighed heavily as if a burden had been taken off her shoulders. “We can’t rock the boat over an issue as small as this.” 
“I know.” After that, the two of them conversed about what had happened at the hospital until it was eventually time to go to bed. Drained of all energy, Megan took a simple shower before collapsing onto her bed and falling asleep instantly. 
The next morning, she was awoken by the sound of her alarm. 
She groaned at the thought of having to play second-fiddle to Mia later today. Not even the lingering memories of the pleasant dream she had from last night could cheer her up. 
After a quick washing up and changing into a simple outfit, Megan and Donna left the apartment together. 
Megan was surprised when they reached the filming set for the commercial; she hadn’t expected the crew to actually film on a university campus. It seemed like this project was highly important to the production crew. 
“Oh! There’s my beloved sister!” 
Mia skipped her way over to Megan as soon as she spotted her, ready to make her day a living hell. Fortunately, Megan had the forethought to walk in the opposite direction and completely avoid her as she made her way to the dressing room.
But Mia was like a parasite, popping up wherever Megan would go every single time without fail. 
“Hey, Megan! I took a peek at your script and learned that you’re playing the ugly girl who has a crush on the hottest guy in school! Although, I wouldn’t really consider this ‘acting’ for you, because that’s what you are in real life, no?” 
Mia stood behind Megan as the latter got her makeup done in the dressing room. Their two completely different faces created a stark contrast against each other in the reflection. 
The make-up artist’s jaw dropped when she heard that, unable to stop herself from asking out of curiosity. “Are you two really sisters?” 
Megan was still quite unknown in the entertainment industry, while Mia had built up a considerable following because of Luna’s constant promotional work. The treatment they received was as different as the sky and the sea and didn’t seem to be related to each other at all. 
“Of course! Megan is my one and only biological sister!” Mia swiftly affirmed. The word “sister” coming out of her mouth sounded sickly sweet. 
This was and always had been her way of pissing Megan off. 
Megan clicked her tongue, narrowing her eyes at Mia condescendingly. It would seem that Mia had yet to learn that she was not someone to make angry right now; even if she was going to play second- fiddle, she would never willingly do it for Mia. 
“She is my sister, but we’re quite different indeed. I’ve never mastered her method of sweet-talking people and batting her eyelashes to get what she wants, so I could only patiently and honestly work my way up.”
The other two women were both rendered speechless. The make-up artist looked nervously at Mia, her hands trembling slightly as they set down her brush. 
It was a common opinion for people to think that Mia was just another pretty face due to the fact that she had debuted only because of her good looks, as well as the fact that she didn’t have any good works to show for her skills or rather, lack of skill. 
“How dare you!” Mia squawked, grabbing ahold of Megan’s newly done-up hair and trying to drag her out of her chair. 
The sharp pain in her scalp made Megan wince. Before she knew it, she’d stomped on Mia’s foot in a fit of rage and had raised her hand in the air, ready to slap some sense into Mia. 
To her chagrin, a pair of strong hands stopped her from doing just that. 
“Calm down.” 
Blinded by wrath, she whipped around to glare daggers at the sudden intruder when she abruptly froze up. It was Jonas of all people. 
She squinted at him. “Why are you here?” 
“Didn’t you know that I’m the male lead of this commercial?” He raised an eyebrow, his grip tightening around her wrist. 
Well, Megan recalled that fact now, but who cared if it was Jonas? Not even God himself would be able to stop her from teaching her bit*h of a little sister a good, hard lesson if he descended from the heavens.
“Don’t try to stop me,” she hissed out. With a quick downwards tug, she broke free from Jonas and turned her attention back to Mia.
###Chapter 3200
Go To Hell 
Mia was as pale as a ghost, her legs shaking and struggling to keep herself standing upright. She’d never seen such horrendous, bone-chilling fury in her sister’s eyes before. 
Megan used to always take what she dished out with a sarcastic, calm smile. 
“W- What do you want from me? We’re on set!” She stumbled backward. She wanted to scream at the top of her lungs in a show of intimidation, but her throat closed up and her voice only came out in short gasps. 
“What do I want from you?” The light seemed to disappear from Megan’s eyes as she stared up at Mia through her eyelashes. 
“I want you to die.” 
There was a collective sharp inhale from everyone in the room. If anything happened to Mia, there was no doubt that Megan would be the first subject because of this very declaration. 
Deciding that he couldn’t let this go on any further, Jonas hurriedly took ahold of Megan’s hand and dragged her out of the dressing room. 
“Let go of me!” 
He slowed down when they were in a quiet clearing away from other people, where Megan immediately took the chance to shove him away from her.
Her cheeks puffed out angrily, she sat down on the steps in the pathway that led to the clearing. Meanwhile, Jonas stared her down, his arms crossed over his chest. 
“Are you still mad at me?” 
At first glance, Megan might have appeared to have calmed down, but he could tell from the rough way she was massaging her sore wrists and the murderous aura around her that that was far from the truth. 
“So what if I am?” she spat. 
Jonas’ expression darkened even further. “It won’t do you any good to act so recklessly. What if something really happens to Mia?” 
Is he trying to justify being a pacifist..? Megan rolled her eyes and stood up, a cynical smirk playing on her lips. 
“So you want to be the knight in shining armor and save the damsel in distress to get on her good side? I’m warning you, don’t get involved in the name of your self-righteous ‘justice’ if you don’t know the whole truth of the situation.” 
Her airy, casual tone paired with her blunt words made his blood run cold. 
“Is that what you think of me?” 
Jonas was suddenly discovering a new side of Megan that wasn’t just endurant and intelligent, but also surprisingly aggressive and impulsive. 
And Mia seemed to be her trigger. 
“That’s what it felt like to me,” Megan huffed, brushing her hair over her shoulder and rolling her eyes. There was a distant look in her eyes as if she wished she was anywhere but here. “But I don’t feel
anything at all.” 
Jonas’ fists were clenched so tightly that his nails were digging into his palm, suppressing the frustration starting to build up within him. He hadn’t felt this angry even when Megan misinterpreted his earlier actions. 
He placed his hands firmly on her shoulders and fixed her with an intense stare, a mixture of emotions swimming in the depths of his gaze. “I don’t want to hear you say that.” 
Huh? 
She stared back at him, the anger in her heart dissipating and getting replaced by pure confusion. Now that the fog had cleared from her brain, she could think straight and even decipher Jonas’ thoughts. 
“What do you not want to hear?” 
It was a simple question that, for some reason, made Jonas do a double-take. His gaze fell to the ground, and Megan started wondering what she said that offended him so much. 
“Jonas? Where are you? Filming is starting soon!” 
A frantic shout interrupted the tense silence between them, successfully snapping Jonas back to reality. He glanced over his shoulder to see his manager dashing towards him. 
Sneaking another dazed look back at Megan, he wondered if he was dreaming, or she was merely too distant of a dream for him to ever achieve. 
He sighed and shook his head, clearing it of all depressing thoughts. With another gentle smile directed at Megan, he said, “It’s fine. We can talk about it some other time. Right now, it’s time to go to work.”

###Chapter 3201
Take Your Positions 
Megan, although still perplexed, could tell that Jonas didn’t want to elaborate any further on the subject. 
So, she chose not to push it. Now that she was coming off of the adrenaline, the guilt was starting to creep up on her upon realizing that her words may have sounded much crueler than intended. 
Keeping their worries and burdens to themselves, they both returned to the set. The make-up artist helped touch up Megan’s makeup and effectively make her look much uglier than she actually was. 
“Wow. You look hideous.” 
Mia seemed to have completely forgotten about the incident at the dressing room, staying a good distance away from Megan as she hurled insults at her. 
Megan, once again, ignored her. After all, she’d only gotten mad at the dressing room because Mia had made the first move and laid her filthy hands on her. 
Furthermore, she knew that Mia was just being petty and jealous because Mia had spotted her and Jonas walking back to the set together. 
“Watch your mouth, Mia,” Osmond quietly reminded her, unknowingly incurring Mia’s dissatisfaction. 
She’d initially been over the moon thinking that Megan would be sad because she was leaving Starling Media, and had come up with the brilliant idea to humiliate Megan by casting her as “the ugly girl” while she played the gorgeous female lead.
But what pissed Mia off was that Jake and Jonas were treating Megan much better than they were treating her! 
I’m the one who deserves everything good in the world! Some plain-looking b*tch has no right to snatch away everything that belongs to me! 
“I don’t care!” 
Mia glared venomously at Megan, who seemed to be secretly enjoying herself, before stomping off towards the film set. 
No one took notice of a black Mercedes-Benz parked nearby, its passenger silently watching everything from afar. 
“We’re starting soon! Everyone take your places!” 
The cast and crew all swiftly got into their positions. Jonas and Mia were both holding a glass of milk each as they stared deeply into each other’s eyes, while Megan was stationed in the background as she spied on them from afar. 
Megan had briefly skimmed through the script before arriving on set. To put it simply, she was playing the role of an unattractive girl who had a crush on the most handsome guy in school. After drinking the same brand of milk as him, she unexpectedly struck up a conversation with him. 
From the perspective of the “Megan” from seven years in the future, she couldn’t believe that an advertisement with a plotline this bad would have gotten the green light. 
“Mia, you’re leaning in too close to Jonas! Remember, you’re playing a shy high-schooler with some dignity and self-respect!”
The director finally lost his patience after having to watch take after take of Mia acting needy and clingy through the camera lens. The filming session had already been interrupted several times before this due to Mia’s having all kinds of problems. 
Mia, the spoilt brat that she was, had already been in a sour mood that worsened even further when the director scolded her in front of so many people, and in such a humiliating way too. 
Seeing red, she got up and walked right over, shoving his film camera and sending it crashing to the ground. 
“Don’t think that you have the power to order me around just because you’re the director!” 
Everyone’s jaw dropped. Megan’s eyes widened; she hadn’t expected Mia to be so spoilt by Starling Media that she would dare to pull something like this. 
“What the hell are you doing, Mia?” 
Osmond and the director shouted simultaneously. Their combined volume startled Mia, and she held her hands up to cover her open mouth as if only now realizing what she had just done. 
Unfortunately for her, the film camera was already shattered into pieces all over the floor. There was no taking back what she’d done. 
“You’re mighty proud for a lowly actress who has only filmed a few commercials in her entire career! I’m going to tell all of my fellow directors to never hire you ever again!” The director roared, pointing his finger right in Mia’s pale face. Osmond looked like he was about to be sick. 
Megan was nearly giddy from sheer glee. She needed to thank Jonas for letting her witness this mess; Mia would have never gotten distracted like that if it weren’t for him.
Mia’s mind had to have been occupied by fears of Megan herself stealing Jonas away, just like how Megan was afraid that Mia would steal Jake away.
###Chapter 3202
Making A Fuss 
Megan had now gained control over both of the men whom Mia had been targeting. All Megan needed them to do was to not help Mia in any way, and that would be enough for her. 
“Come here!” Osmond growled out. Chills ran down the spine of anyone who was unlucky enough to overhear him. 
After all, he was Luna’s best manager. His every word and every action commanded respect and authority. 
“I…” Megan could see the way Mia’s hands were trembling from fear even from where she stood. 
“I said, come here. Don’t you think you’ve embarrassed Starling Media enough today?” Osmond reiterated. Resigning herself to her fate, Mia slowly inched towards him. 
Just as everyone was wondering how Osmond could possibly rescue her from this awkward situation, a loud sound rang out throughout the set. 
Slap! 
A collective gasp could be heard from every corner of the room. 
“You…” Mia stared up at him with wide eyes, her mouth gaping open and shut like a fish. 
“That’s your punishment for making a fuss. I won’t say anything more, but if you don’t do your job properly, we’ll renew the contract with Megan and drop you from the company.”
Osmond was very well aware of Mia’s weakness. She would never allow Megan to surpass her and was willing to put up with a slap to prove as much. 
Megan raised an eyebrow when listening in on the conversation, unable to help but feel awed by Osmond’s intelligence. This way, he was able to let the director retain some dignity. Besides, Mia was under his care, and he wasn’t going to be too harsh on her in the first place. 
He had also somehow managed to keep Starling Media’s reputation and pride intact. Otherwise, if the director really caused Mia to be blacklisted from the entire industry, she would be the black sheep of the company and stain its name. 
His very last sentence also served as a warning to Mia to make her behave. After all, she was indeed Mia’s weakness. 
“I think Mia has calmed down by now, Mr. Floyd. I humbly request that you have a discussion with Starling Media after accepting our formal apology and let us treat you to a meal.” 
Osmond’s perfectly polite conduct and choice of wording usually made people like him instantly. He carried himself with poise and the aura he gave off demanded respect. The director was also aware of how embarrassing it must have been for an actress to be slapped in public like that, and most of his anger had already dissipated. 
Sighing in exasperation, he waved someone over to pick up the film camera. “We’ll talk about this later. Right now, we need to continue filming.” 
Everyone in the background exchanged glances; some were amused while some pitied Mia. 
Everything went back to normal and the crew found a new filming camera to set up. Just as all the preparations were done and they were ready to resume shooting, a deep voice suddenly interrupted them.
“Wait.” 
The voice sounded familiar to Megan, who glanced up and proceeded to stumble backward in shock. 
When did Jake get here? 
Perhaps it was due to his overwhelming, powerful aura, but everyone instantly whipped around to look at him. Even Mia, who had been wallowing in self-pity, quickly scrambled to her feet and smiled brightly at him. 
Jake strode over to the director. “Are you just going to leave things at that, Mr. Floyd?” 
His large, broad frame towered over the director, making the latter seem small and frail in comparison. 
“Mr. Wilson…” Stephen gulped, unable to decipher what might possibly be on Jake’s mind. With much difficulty, he forced out a reply. “You must have witnessed everything and clearly saw that it wasn’t that big a deal…” 
“It wasn’t a big deal, sure. Starling Media might have dealt their punishment, but our production crew has yet to do so, right?” 
His tone was as calm as if he was talking about the weather, but Megan felt her heart drop to the bottom of her stomach. What is he doing?
###Chapter 3203
Chapter 3203 An Eye For An Eye 
“That…” Stephen snuck a wary glance at Osmond. “Mia is signed under Starling Media, while the commercial was commissioned by one of your subsidiaries, Mr. Wilson. I think you should have the last say on this issue.” 
It was a smart way of not pushing the blame onto either side. Stephen, with the gut feeling that a storm was coming his way, wanted nothing more than to be a passerby rather than in the eye of the storm. 
Jake had expected that the director would say as such. He lifted his head to fix his piercing stare on Osmond, seeing right through his mask. 
This was the kind of fear that power and money brought about. 
“Then, I’ll do as Mr. Floyd said and be the last word on this. I want Megan and Mia to switch their roles and resume filming.” 
He briefly glanced in Megan’s direction and met her astonished stare. 
At that very moment, Megan felt her heart skip a beat. She frantically tore away from his gaze, hiding her face from him as she took deep breaths to calm her overheating body down. 
What’s wrong with me? 
Megan was starting to grow scared. She’d only provoked the man because of what had happened in her past life and because she merely didn’t want to let Mia do as she pleased. But right now, her feelings for him seemed to be developing in a completely different direction than she’d prepared for. 
She’d underestimated Jake’s charm.
“I…” 
Mia’s face fell. She was about to open her mouth to complain when Osmond immediately pushed her to stand behind him. “Yes, sir. We’ll do as you wish.” 
His answer was very brief and without an ounce of apprehension, causing everyone else to start whispering excitedly to one another. The distant yet insistent voices irritated Mia greatly and made her feel as if bugs were crawling all over her skin. She felt the bitter taste of bile in the back of her mouth but found that she couldn’t even lift a single finger, let alone run away. 
“Good. Get prepared and resume filming.” Jake waved them all off, scanning his surroundings as he tried to seek Megan out. 
“Mr. Wilson.” 
Jonas, who’d been indecisive on whether or not to greet Jake, eventually walked up and greeted him. After all, he was signed to Sky Entertainment, and there was no reason for him to ignore his boss. 
Jake turned around at the sound of his name. Upon realizing that it was Jonas, he briefly nodded in his direction before stalking away. 
His cold, off-putting attitude confused Jonas, but he didn’t think much of it. 
Elsewhere, Megan knew that Jake was trying to look for her and had found a hiding spot where she thought he wouldn’t be able to find her. She’d also called for a make-up artist to help touch up her make-up in her hiding spot instead of the dressing room. 
However, Jake still easily found Megan, displeasure written all over his face. 
“Are you avoiding me?”
The make-up artist took one glance at him and speedily applied the finishing touches before slipping away before Megan could stop her. It was at that moment that Megan truly regretted leaving Donna to wait outside of the filming location. 
“I… I was getting my make-up done.” She turned away from him to stare at some random bushes in the distance. 
Knowing that there was something on her mind, he leaned against a tree and crossed his arms over his chest. 
“I didn’t hear about you accepting this job. Why didn’t you come to me straight away if you’d known that you were only cast to be humiliated?” 
Megan glanced up at him, raising an eyebrow. The warm sunlight that filtered through the trees above them cast gentle, dancing shadows across her delicate features. “We’re not that close. If we were friends, maybe I would have gone to you for help. But the reality is that we’re not, and doing so would have cost me my dignity.” 
Jake just stared at her, his hands slowly closing into fists. 
This Megan was different from all the other women who had tried to impersonate Megan in an attempt to get close to him in the past. This Megan was more stubborn, more proud, but nothing else. 
Perhaps it was that very stubbornness and bravery that helped her to grow up from a neglected little girl in an old, rural village into the mature woman that stood here today. 
This was the first time Jake had ever poured so much energy into figuring out what someone else might be thinking. He concluded that it was a strange feeling that was unnecessary.
###Chapter 3204
Chapter 3204 What It Feels Like To Be Scared 
So, he cleared his mind of all disruptive thoughts and pushed himself off the tree to stand up straight. “I now understand. But just know that I helped you out today purely because I can’t stand the sight of your face. Having a pretty actress like Mia play the part of ‘the ugly girl’ would stir up more of a frenzy on social media and bring more attention to the advertisement. Don’t think too much about it and focus on filming.” 
Leaving behind those parting words, he stalked off. Megan blinked owlishly as she watched the back of his silhouette, her chest slowly growing tight with disappointment. 
So that’s what he actually thinks about me. Whatever. At least she wouldn’t have to constantly get tangled up in her own conflicting emotions anymore. 
The most important thing now was to get involved in a reputable, well-known project and surpass Mia and Herman, as well as find out the truth about that so-called “Mr. Wilson” from before. 
She navigated her way through the garden to get back to the set. She was just in the middle of flipping through her script when she heard the faint sounds of a man and woman arguing come from somewhere, as well as the sounds of sobbing. 
Megan instantly recognized the woman’s voice as Mia. Her little sister must be throwing a tantrum after getting slapped in front of everyone and having her lead role taken away from her. 
“I won’t stand for this! Why should I be the supporting role to Megan? She doesn’t deserve it!” 
Following the source of the voices, Megan eventually spotted Mia and Osmond and hid behind a large tree to watch them.
Mia appeared to be having a full-on breakdown, squatting on the floor and constantly wiping away the tears that just kept flowing down her cheeks. 
“You know very well that neither you nor I, nor anyone else in Starling Media, can argue with Jake. If you talk back to him, that’s the end of your career.” 
Osmond sighed, only slight traces of pity in his hooded eyes as he stared down at her. If it weren’t for Mia’s good looks, he would have willingly become Megan’s manager a long time ago. 
After all, that woman had nothing to her name, yet had somehow managed to make Jake fall for her. 
“I don’t care! I don’t want to film this stupid commercial anymore!” Mia declared, abruptly standing up to emphasize her point. Osmond’s expression darkened. 
It was really tiring to watch them go at each other. 
No matter how hot-headed Mia was, she would never be able to win an argument with Osmond. Her attempts to scream and stand her ground only made Megan want to laugh. 
Chuckling under her breath, Megan made to leave when she accidentally stepped on a branch. The small sound of the branch cracking under her foot instantly attracted the attention of both Mia and Osmond. 
“Who’s there?” Osmond barked out. 
Megan’s breath hitched in her throat. She’d been exposed. 
“It’s me.” With no intention to run away, she stepped out from the shadows into the light. Her calm gaze flickered down to look at a still-crying Mia. “I would’ve never thought that my prideful little sister would cry.”
“Megan!” 
Mia instantly flared up with anger, all the sadness in her eyes was replaced with burning wrath. For a brief moment, she wished that her glare would burn right through Megan and turn her into a pile of ashes. 
“I’m going to kill you!” 
“Mia, stop messing around!” 
Osmond’s arms shot out to hold her back, narrowing his eyes at Megan as Mia struggled in his arms. 
What a troublemaker. Megan kept making him step out of line and do things that he usually never needed to do. 
“What do you want, Megan?” he asked, a dangerous undercurrent running through his voice. 
Megan laughed. “Nothing, at least for now. I feel refreshed after seeing Mia cry, so I’m in a good mood.” 
“You b*tch!” Gritting her teeth, Mia suddenly gained a burst of energy and broke free from Osmond’s grasp, lunging towards Megan like a rabid animal let out of its cage. 
She wrapped her hands around Megan’s head, nearly slamming it into a nearby tree. Her eyes were bloodshot and her face was beet red as she spat out, “Do you think I’m scared of you?” 
“No. You don’t know what it feels like to be scared.” 
Megan maintained her unperturbed attitude, ignoring the sharp pain in her back. She reached up and dug her nails into Mia’s hands, the mocking look in her eyes causing Mia to freeze up.
###Chapter 3205
Chapter 3205 The Last One Standing 
This was no longer the Megan from before. 
The nervous, timid woman she used to walk all over was now looking down on her. 
Her pride and fame were all going to be stolen away from her by Megan. 
No… I can’t just stand by and let that happen! 
“You’re right. I’m not scared of you at all. If you think that the world is now yours just because you’ve somehow charmed both Jake and Jonas, then you’d be sorely mistaken.” 
Mia let go of Megan and let her fall to the ground, her face contorting into an unsightly expression of disdain. 
Her sister merely stared back at her, pursing her lips. Mia’s words had set off alarm bells in Megan’s brain. 
In her past life, Mia was nothing more than an airhead who relied on Osmond to do everything for her. She’d offended many people and didn’t feel self-conscious about her bratty personality at all, recklessly breezing through life until she finally ended up plotting Megan’s death with Herman. 
Now, Mia seemed to have realized something and was going to fight back. She’d never regarded Megan as worthy of her attention before this, but she was going to start taking the threat that was Megan seriously. 
Of course, this all depended on whether Mia actually had the brains to do so. Whether or not Mia would end up ruining her own life or continue carrying this hatred inside her to her grave was still an unsolved mystery.
“I have never underestimated you. I’ve said before: I want you dead. Our grudge is much more than just regarding what happened back at the village,” Megan told her matter-of-factly. 
“Huh,” Mia scoffed, properly looking at Megan for what must have been the first time in her life. “So you really want me to die.” 
She tilted her head to one side mockingly and placed a hand on her hip. “Sure. We’ll see who will have the last laugh.” 
“I look forward to it.” 
Megan turned around to leave but suddenly felt something bump roughly into her shoulder from behind. Wincing slightly, she saw Mia walk past her and flip her hair over her shoulder as if she hadn’t just physically assaulted her. 
Megan rolled her eyes, reaching up to massage her shoulder lightly. These little provoking actions were nothing more than child’s play at this point. 
“It looks like I should thank you.” 
Osmond approached her and started to walk alongside her. “If it weren’t for your little speech, Mia might go on treating her work without a serious attitude. But it seems I don’t have to worry about that anymore.” 
Detecting traces of sarcasm in his voice, Megan huffed as she gave a smug-looking Osmond a sidelong glance. “Is that so? It’s good that you think that way, but are you sure you can keep Mia under control when she’s angered by me? She’s no longer a doll that will just let you slap her around. If you won’t let her do as she pleases, she’s going to fire you sooner or later.”
Megan was flaunting the extent of her influence over Mia as well as simultaneously questioning Osmond’s abilities as a manager. 
Naturally, the man’s smiley expression abruptly changed into an upset one. He slowed down and eventually stopped in his tracks, watching Megan’s prideful stride from behind. Something inside him twisted and nearly broke. 
“You’re a really unlikeable person.” He quickly shook himself from his thoughts and caught up to her, briefly glancing at her shoulder that Mia had bumped into earlier. 
“Well, that’s too bad.” Megan grinned. “After all, you guys aren’t human in my eyes. I don’t have the time to care about how your feelings.” 
Regardless of whether it was in her past life or her current life, the only image she had of everyone who worked at Starling Media could be summarized into two words—cold and scornful. 
When she brought up the idea of changing her public image, Luna had instantly scolded and humiliated her. After that, she eventually accepted the reality that her career was over and sought comfort in her relationship, only for her feelings of love to instantly turn to horror when she’d gotten killed because of said relationship. 
Her innocence might have been the catalyst to her downfall, but there was no way in hell that she could forgive the very people who took advantage of her innocence in the first place.
###Chapter 3206
Chapter 3206 Turnaround 
That was why she was determined to make Mia pay for everything she did and never have mercy, no matter how much Mia struggled. 
She’d thrown away all unnecessary, unneeded emotions and focused all her energy into hatred for the sake of carrying out her revenge. 
“I see. I can tell that you hate us very much, but I’m not interested in learning why. If you’re going to try and go up against a much stronger force, be my guest.” 
Osmond wasn’t going to stand around and listen to her wild fantasies any longer. Even with all the luck in the world, he could already see the future downfall of fooling around with Jake. 
“We’ll see who the stronger force is.” 
Megan’s footsteps slowed down, and she brushed a stray lock of hair behind her ear as she watched him walk away. The cool breeze that caressed her face made her heart feel much lighter than before. 
Filming for the commercial ended after a few hours. Megan briefly exchanged a few polite words with Jonas before hurriedly going home with Donna. 
The two of them reached home fatigued and drained. After a light meal and a shower, they eventually started a conversation about what had happened on set earlier that day. 
Donna had been outside the set the entire time, so the story made her jaw drop. “Does that mean that Mia actually views you as her enemy now?” 
“When has she ever not thinking of me as an enemy? She’s just finally gotten serious about getting back at me, which is a good thing. That prevents her from dumping all the blame onto me in the future,”
Megan scoffed. 
“I guess you’re right…” Donna scratched the back of her head. “By the way, Transcendent is airing in a few days, isn’t it? Are you nervous?” 
“I feel nothing much.” Megan twirled a piece of her hair around her finger. She could already foresee what everyone online was going to say. After all, her character was not exactly likable for the first few episodes. 
“Huh? But it’s the first-ever show you’re starring in!” Donna’s eyes widened in astonishment as she inched closer to Megan on the couch. 
“Hey, you’re so childish sometimes,” laughed Megan, flicking Donna’s forehead lightly. “Let’s go to sleep. We’ve both had a long day.” 
“Okay,” Donna pouted. 
A few days later, Transcendent aired on all major tv channels. The attention it got due to its casting choice of Kelly and Philip had garnered quite some attention, and the first episode broke several viewership rating records. 
Megan was elated. The more people watched the show, the more they would grow to be familiar with her and start to become fans of hers. 
“A lot of people are commenting online that they don’t like the female lead.” 
Donna kept refreshing her Twitter page to search for new posts about Transcendent. Nearly all of them were discussing how hot Philip was, with nearly zero mention of Kelly.
“That was to be expected. No one likes a ditzy female character nowadays.” Megan held the remote control in one hand as she found the channel that was airing the television drama. Her character had yet to make her appearance. 
“What’s wrong with a sweet female character? Sweet, innocent girls are the exact type that is compatible with a handsome character like Philip’s!” Donna sighed dreamily as she held her face in her hands, honey nearly dripping from her eyes as she stared at the male lead on the screen. 
Shivers ran up Megan’s spine. She recalled how there weren’t many cheesy romance dramas back in her time, let alone dramas with innocent, ditzy female leads such as Transcendent. 
“As long as you like it.” 
Megan turned her attention back to the television, but her mind had wandered elsewhere. It seemed that a lot of viewers were going to drop the show after having watched the pilot episode. 
Without an audience, then no one would grow a liking to her character, no matter how attractive and interesting she was. 
All she could do was pray and hope for the best.
###Chapter 3207
Chapter 3207 Clickbait 
In the blink of an eye, the show was reaching the middle of its run. Megan’s character was about to appear soon, but the viewership ratings had already decreased to nearly less than half of what the pilot episode had garnered. 
The audience was complaining about how the main female character was useless and how many of the side characters only served as plot devices to the story. Some were even starting to criticize the director’s skills and decisions. 
However, Megan was aware that the main female character was going to develop and grow. The first half of the show merely hinted at the exciting plot twists to come in the second half. 
So, on the day that the episode where her character was debuting was about to air, she made a Twitter post to try and get more people to tune in to the show: Don’t forget to watch “Transcendent” later tonight! The princess is finally making her appearance, and she’s an extremely charming character to keep an eye out for! 
She knew that her character would not appear to be likable at all for quite a few episodes, but had chosen to promote the show at this specific time anyway. After all, even one curious person who might watch the show was a potential future fan. 
As she’d expected, a lot of people had watched the new episode because of her social media post. After the episode was over, they returned to comment their criticisms under her post. 
Your character is just as shameless as you are in real life! 
“Charming”? She’s just a bratty, prideful show-off! Calling her “charming” is an insult to people who actually are charming!
Megan raised an eyebrow as she scrolled past all of the unpleasant comments. Donna, on the other hand, kept sighing and huffing as she read through them. 
“It’s not that bad, Donna. Cheer up! I’m sure my character is going to become one of the most popular ones in the show.” 
Nothing she said was able to lighten Donna’s mood, whose frown seemed to never leave her face. 
The two of them later went to bed that night, keeping their thoughts and feelings to themselves. 
The next day was the day that Megan was going to finally find out if she’d made the right bet. Yet, for some reason, she couldn’t find the strength to turn on the television. 
Donna had an inkling as to why but didn’t voice her suspicions out loud. But, even if Transcendent was going to flop, she was going to watch every episode until its inevitable crash. With a newfound determination, she took the remote from Megan and turned the television on. 
Goosebumps rose all over Megan’s skin at the familiar tune of the show’s opening theme song. Her hands, scrolling through her social media feed, trembled as she glanced up at Donna. “Why’d you switch it on?” 
“Today’s the day we find out whether accepting the role was a good or bad thing. We have to watch it even if you don’t want to.” Donna had an out-of-character serious expression as she set down her laptop on the coffee table. The screen displayed her social media feed. 
It looked like she was going to watch the show while scrolling through other people’s real-time comments. 
Megan felt her shoulders stiffen up upon that realization. She’d always been confident in herself, but now she was facing a bout of self-doubt.
In her past life, someone else had blown up in popularity because of this character. What if the circumstances were different because the character was now played by her instead of that person? 
Swallowing the lump in her throat, she glanced down at her lap and blocked the rest of the world out, too afraid to think about what might happen if her plan failed. 
Just as she was in the midst of wallowing in her own doubt, her phone buzzed with the notification of a text message. 
She opened it up without thinking twice and saw that it was from Jonas: “Your acting is great. Keep up the good work.” 
Is it… good? 
Her grip on her phone tightened, and she finally mustered up the courage to look at the television screen. Her character was all alone, kneeling down on the palace floor. Her long, crimson red dress spread out all around her made her look like a phoenix ready to take flight. 
“I feel so bad for the princess…” 
Donna had only intended to watch the show out of morbid curiosity but was now completely pulled in the plot. Her eyes were filled with tears, her heart moved by the sheer emotion displayed by the princess. 
Megan’s eyes slowly widened. It was hard for her to believe that the person onscreen was her, and that was her acting skills. Her heart instantly swelled up with pride and relief. 
She’d had a certain level of confidence in her own acting, but to see it from a third person’s perspective in an actual television drama was a completely different thing, and the first time in her two lives.
She slowly raised a hand to cover her shocked, open mouth. She was suddenly grateful for this character and regained the belief that the drama would absolutely catapult her into fame. Even if she was currently a mere amateur, there was no doubt that she would one day be reborn as a gorgeous phoenix!
###Chapter 3208
Chapter 3208 Interrupting Their Beauty Sleep 
“Woah! Everyone on Twitter has immediately changed their opinions! You’re trending, Megan!” 
Donna finally tore her gaze away from the screen for the brief moment that the princess wasn’t onscreen and glanced at her laptop screen. The comments she was reading left her shocked; the very same audience who had been slagging the character now had nothing but praise for her. 
“I know.” Megan smiled with genuine happiness that she hadn’t felt for more than a month. The approving comments online were making her choke up with emotion. 
Is this what a sense of accomplishment feels like? 
Who needs love when I have fans who recognize my hard work? 
Megan secretly swore to herself, I am going to continue living not just for the sake of getting revenge, but also to revive my career as a star! 
“We’ve made it, Megan! The commercials and acting roles are all going to come flooding in!” 
Donna squealed, jumping on the sofa in sheer joy and even running over to the television screen to kiss the digital image of Megan onscreen. 
That night was one that neither of them would be able to forget. 
The next day, Donna was awoken by the sound of her phone ringing before the sun was even up. Next to her, Megan drowsily opened one eye, her mind still foggy with sleep. 
“What is it…” 
“I don’t know,” Donna mumbled, reaching out and blindly looking for her phone under her pillow.
Too lazy to look at the screen, she instinctively pressed “answer” and placed it against her ear, her tone impatient as she grumbled, “Who is this? Why’d you disturb our beauty sleep for?” 
“It’s me, Luna.” 
That made Donna instantly jerk awake and sit up in bed. Blinking the sleep from her eyes, she took a good look at her phone screen to see that it really displayed Luna’s name. 
“What is it, Luna? It’s so early in the morning.” 
“Megan’s there, isn’t she? Pass the phone over. I want to talk to her personally.” 
Megan had also long since fully woken up at the mere mention of Luna’s name. She exchanged a wary look with Donna before taking the phone from her. 
“Tell me.” 
There was no beating around the bush. Megan had always acted this way to people whom she didn’t like. 
On the other hand, Luna was not used to this bluntness from Megan, whom she’d always looked down upon. Clearing her throat with an awkward cough, she said, “Starling Media has been preparing some bonus year-end gifts for its staff. I’ve reserved one for you, so come over to collect it.” 
“Is that so?” Megan hummed, not believing a single word Luna said. “You just want me to go to the Starling Media company building, don’t you? Fine. I’ll go then.” 
On the other side of the call, Luna’s mood had brightened significantly after hearing that Megan had agreed to come. “Alright! I’ll be waiting for you in my office.”
Donna hung up the call and proceeded to stare at Megan questioningly. “Why did you agree to her request? She used to treat you like crap!” 
“It doesn’t matter,” Megan yawned, stretching her back and arms out. “I want to see what she has up her sleeve.” 
The two of them took a short nap and later woke up at around eight o’clock. After washing up and eating breakfast, they made their way to the Starling Media company building casually. 
Half an hour later, they found themselves standing before the main entrance of Starling Media. Megan didn’t feel as down as she was when she last left this building. 
“Let’s go.” 
They passed through familiar corridors and hallways to reach Luna’s office. They were just about to push the door open when it opened from the inside. 
“Hi, Megan.” 
Luna poked her head out from behind the door, her cheeks round with how much she was grinning. Megan merely looked at her blankly, wondering what she could be up to. 
“What do you want, Luna?” 
Megan sat herself down on one of the sofas as she scanned the woman from head to toe. 
“Relax. You haven’t even collected your gifts yet.”
###Chapter 3209
Chapter 3209 True Colors 
Luna pulled several gift boxes out of a huge paper bag, handing them to Donna before sitting down next to Megan. “It’s nearing the end of the year, and it’s hard to get anyone to sign an exclusive contract with us. But I’ve purposefully reserved several events and movie roles for you, so—” 
“Wait, stop,” Megan cut her off, holding a hand up in the air as she furrowed her eyebrows together. “I’ve said before that I won’t be renewing my contract with Starling Media, and you didn’t stop me back then. Why are you bringing this up again now?” 
Luna did a double-take before a lightbulb seemed to go off in her head. Snapping her fingers, she chuckled as she got up and retrieved a document from her desk, giving it to Megan. “Now that you’re here, I thought that you might as well sign the renewal contract. You can take a look at the terms and conditions listed inside. I guarantee you that only top talents in our company are deserving of these conditions.” 
Skimming through the contents of the document, the hints of a smirk played on Megan’s lips. It was true that it was a much better contract when compared to her previous one, but she now had experience from her past life. She wasn’t going to settle for mediocrity. 
So, she pushed the contract back in Luna’s direction, giving her a polite smile. “Thank you for the offer, but I don’t think I’m interested.” 
“You… Did you read through the terms properly?” Luna was clearly offended, quickly taking a deep breath and suppressing her arising anger. 
Megan internally scoffed at the sight. 
Does Luna think that Starling Media was her only option?
“Of course I did. I also know that this contract is equivalent to what Mia was offered. But I would like to reiterate that I’m not signing with Starling Media; I detest this place and this company.” 
Upon hearing that, the smile and warmth instantly vanished from Luna’s face. 
Pretending to organize her files, she slammed the document back onto the coffee table. “Don’t think that just because you starred in a television drama that you’re now some hotshot. I’m only here to discuss the contract with you now because I’ve started thinking highly of you.” 
So she was finally showing her true colors. 
“Is that so?” Megan shrugged, looking Luna up and down in interest. “So you see me in a different light now that I’ve gained some recognition. Of course, that wasn’t your fault. Your fault, however, is not having the foresight that I have the potential to become famous. And now you’ve realized all too late that if you fail to make me stay, I’ll eventually surpass you.” 
“You!” 
Luna was momentarily lost for words. She’d never seen Megan act this way before. She was sat on the sofa as she stared up at her through lazy, hooded eyelids. 
All she could do to vent her anger was to press hard on her pen. 
It took a while before Luna finally regained her composure. Placing her pen back down, she fixed Megan with a calm stare. “I think you have no intention to retire from showbiz. And you’re still young, so you have no idea how important having a manager and a company to back you up will be. I don’t want you to regret your decision, and I don’t want to witness the downfall of one of tomorrow’s greatest celebrities.”
Luna had always been good at flowery sweet-talk. If this had been Megan’s first try at life, she might have even felt a little moved. 
“Is that so? But the role that I’m most well-known for was not even earned from the company.” 
The blunt truth pierced easily through Luna’s veil of lies. Megan smiled sarcastically, watching in anticipation to see how she would react. 
Still, Luna was a veteran in the entertainment industry. A small trip-up like this wasn’t enough to faze her. 
“It’s true that we didn’t give you that role. However, how would you have gotten in without the support of Starling Media as your platform?” Luna raised an eyebrow. 
Megan nearly barked out loud with laughter. She and Donna exchanged an amused look before turning to look back at Luna. 
“Starling Media would be nothing without loyal lapdogs like you. Now that you mention it, I feel kinda bad; I mean, I’ve been with this company for so long, but I’ve never gifted you guys anything. You know what? You can take back these year-end gifts and think of them as my present to you.”
###Chapter 3210
Chapter 3210 I Am Here For Megan 
After that, Donna placed the items in front of Luna once again before leaving without even turning around for a look. 
Luna was now left in the office. For the first time ever, she had been insulted by a newbie, which angered her so much she swept everything off her desk and threw herself onto the sofa. 
Meanwhile, Donna and Megan left the office. On the way, Donna could not stop gushing over Megan’s fantastic performance earlier. 
They joked around with each other until they reached Starling Media. Megan had just taken one step down the stairs when a car screeched to a halt and sent mud flying to her pants. 
“This is terrible! I’ll go and talk to them!” 
Donna took a look at Megan’s pants and frowned furiously. She was about to talk to the car owner when she looked at it and found that it looked rather familiar. 
“Never mind, let’s not do this.” 
Megan did not want to cause a scene over something minor like this. After all, she had a somewhat reputation to take care of right now. 
Megan was about to take an alternative route with Donna when the sound of high heels caught her attention. 
She could not help but turn around only to realize that it was Jacinta getting down from the car.
Their eyes met at the exact same time. Megan was taken aback while her gaze turned cold. She had not forgotten what had happened during the launch event. 
This Jacinta was not to be reckoned with at all. 
“Oooh, isn’t that our little superstar on social media ?” A heavily made-up Jacinta sashayed towards her while speaking in a sarcastic and mocking tone. 
Megan had no intention of hiding from her. So, she merely looked up while shielding Donna behind her. “Look, isn’t this Jacinta, the celebrity that is so much older than me? Oh my, why have you aged so much?” 
She did not say much but each word completely infuriated Jacinta. The latter hated it when others brought up her age. 
“Megan, how dare you? Did I not teach you enough the last time?” Jacinta was so angry that she was grimacing through her thick layers of makeup. Megan saw all of these but she was not concerned at all. 
Just when she was about to deliver another sharp reply, a fearful voice interrupted her train of thought. 
“I-I’m sorry, but could I get an autograph from you?” 
Jacinta shot the little girl a side glance and growled impatiently with a frown on her face, “I’m in no mood for an autograph right now. Stay away from me!” 
“But, I’m here for Megan…” 
This line flabbergasted everyone. Megan did not expect that she would be giving out her first autograph so soon as an actress.
She then took up the picture and signed her name emotionally before handing it back to the little girl. The little girl was so happy that she kept on thanking her before leaving. 
Like a puppet, Jacinta stood by the roadside blankly and watched this scene unfold. This can’t be real. I’ve always been the one signing autographs. Since when has Megan become equal to me? 
“You…You!” 
Jacinta pointed at Megan’s nose and was so annoyed she could not speak. Nobody knew of her two weeks ago, and here she is signing autographs right under my nose? 
All she did was to play a villainous supporting role! 
“What about me?” Megan pushed Jacinta’s finger away. She felt extremely good and she was finally done being angry at Jacinta for setting her up the last time. 
“I think I am doing well. However, it looks like you are a ‘past tense’, Jacinta?” 
The sight of Jacinta’s heaving chest told Megan that she had completely infuriated her. In fact, Jacinta could not even utter a single word. She then turned around to look at Donna and immediately slipped away right in front of Jacinta.
###Chapter 3211
Chapter 3211 Let Me Lead You 
Since the repeated screening of Transcendent, Megan’s popularity had grown rapidly. She was quite surprised by the continuous stream of movie deals and brand endorsements that came her way. 
Now that she was popular, she had to make a wise choice for her next movie. The entertainment industry moved so quickly that the only thing that could allow one to stay put in it was a good role in movies. 
“Alright, don’t choose this. You should choose that instead.” 
At this moment, the two of them were seated in the boutique picking out cocktail dresses. Due to the popularity of Transcendent, the director had decided to throw a celebratory party at the last minute. However, Megan did not have many presentable clothes, so she decided to use part of her commercial earnings to buy a few outfits for herself. 
“Hey, it is more important to pick a movie!” Donna dragged Megan into the fitting room before forcefully removing her clothes, and stuffing her into a gown. 
“What do you think?” 
As they scrutinized the dress in the mirror, a familiar-looking person suddenly walked through the door. 
“Jonas?” 
Megan saw him from the mirror and was shocked because this was a female boutique. 
“Are you surprised?” Jonas had one of his hands in his pocket as he walked up to her with a dazzling smile on his face. He was dressed in a grey suit that showed off his muscular figure.
“Of course. Don’t tell me that you are here to look for me,” Megan raised her eyebrows and asked him quizzically. 
Jonas did not attempt to avoid her eyes. Instead, he made an indication toward Donna with a sly look in his eyes. “Of course I’m here to look for you. I have a personal informant, you know.” 
This little action betrayed Donna instantly. Megan narrowed her eyes as she did not understand what he wanted. “What’s going on? Just spit it.” 
“No big deal,” Jonas sniggered as he stared into Megan’s eyes. “Now that Transcendent is so popular, they are even preparing a dance floor for the celebratory party. So, I’m just here to book a dance partner in advance.” 
Megan was taken aback. Dance floor? 
I’m just a little country girl. I don’t know anything about dancing! 
Megan shook her hands and rejected him immediately, “I can’t dance. I was planning to just go there for dinner…” 
Her swift rejection prompted Jonas to reach out and clasp her hands tightly. Looking disgruntled, he asked her, “So you think you can turn down invitations to dance just because you are so popular now? You have to dance with others anyway, so you might as well let me lead you.” 
“Let you lead me?” Megan raised her eyebrows and pulled her hand back. 
She stood in front of the mirror and her suspicious eyes zoomed into Jonas’s dark eyes as a possible reason emerged in her mind… 
There are so many women in showbiz, so why must Jonas target me?
Moreover, with the rumors between us before this, this is hardly appropriate! 
“I can’t dance, and I won’t dance with you,” Megan said decisively as she pulled back the changing room curtains coolly before changing out of the gown. 
Jonas’s face turned grim at the face of her obstinance. For some reason, he could feel the distance from her. 
He had been bothered by this uncomfortable feeling for some time. 
“Alright, let’s get this one. Let’s go!” 
Megan changed and came out of the fitting room. She then passed her dress to Donna for her to make the payment. 
“Megan, I think you should go talk to Jonas. Look at how depressed he looks,” Donna whispered to Megan after she took the dress from her. 
Jonas is so perfect in every way, so why can’t Megan just accept him? 
Megan sighed as she watched Jonas’s back. She really wanted him as a friend but they still needed to maintain a distance. 
“Don’t look so down.” She patted him on his shoulder. 
When he turned around to look at her, she saw that there was merely a dull glimmer left in his eyes that looked bright earlier.
###Chapter 3212
Chapter 3212 I Am Here To Pick You Up 
“It’s not like I have control over things like emotions,” Jonas replied with a bitter laugh. He then paused and asked again, “Since you are rejecting me, I hope that you will reject everyone else on that day. Can I be your first choice then?” 
There was a probing tone in Jonas’s question and Megan did not know why he was so persistent about dancing with her. She thought for a while and finally nodded. 
After all, she definitely had to reject this dance. 
“Sure. I don’t know what you are trying to do, but let’s just make this a token of our friendship.” 
When he heard that, he finally smiled and the gloom on his face finally dissipated. 
In a few days, the celebratory party of Transcendent was about to begin. In the last few days, Megan had been so busy with stage performances and choosing the roles in some movies. She had no time to herself at all. 
On the day of the party, Megan had just completed an interview recording and was about to head straight to the party when her phone rang. 
Before she could even sneak a glance at the screen, she picked up and asked hurriedly, “Hello, what’s up?” 
“I’m waiting for you downstairs.” 
That simple little sentence made her freeze on the spot. That familiar voice clearly belonged to Jake. 
How did he come here?
“I’m rushing to the celebratory party and I’ve no time to fool around with you here.” 
Megan was really anxious now as she was just half an hour away from the appointment. She sounded so agitated, clearly forgetting that Jake was not someone to be reckoned with. 
“When have I ever allowed you to speak to me like that?” Jake’s disapproving voice boomed through the phone. She was stunned for a while before she realized that she could not afford to offend him. 
Sighing, she looked at the elevator and walked to the lobby. “What’s going on, my dear boss?” 
Since she could not look down on him, she could only praise him. 
“I’m in a good mood so I’m here to pick you up.” 
The submissiveness in Megan’s voice made his anger disappear. 
He lowered the car window and his gaze zeroed into the building entrance as he watched Megan. 
When he saw the long-haired woman in a coat walk out of the door, he immediately indicated for his driver to stop the car in front of her. 
“Why are you still standing there?” 
They had not hung up yet. When Megan saw the luxury car that had appeared out of nowhere while she heard Jake through the phone, she instantly understood that this was his car. 
Through the car window, Megan could not make out the person inside at all. She was hesitating whether to get into the car or to hail a cab. 
The party was about to begin, but the more time she spent with Jake, the more uncomfortable she would become.
“Do I have to open the door for you?” A low voice came from inside the car. 
Megan shuddered at the chilly tone and decided not to go anywhere. 
“I wouldn’t dare to trouble you.” Megan hung up and faked a laugh. 
With mixed feelings, she opened the door. Instantly, the warm air in the car enveloped her. 
“Pfft, it’s just too cold outside.” Megan closed the door and leaned against the side of the car. She did not dare to cast another look at Jake. 
She wasn’t afraid of him but she was just strangely anxious in his presence. In order to hide her awkwardness, she pretended to get rid of the cold by blowing hot air into her hands. 
“Is that so?” Jake casually glanced at Megan and saw that she was not dressed in a particularly thick coat. Hence, he removed his gloves and tossed them to her casually. “Here. Put them on.” 
The sight of the black gloves that were tossed to her stunned her slightly. She pursed her lips as if to suppress the surmounting feelings in her mind. 
“I don’t want them.” Megan turned around to return the gloves to Jake, only to be greeted by a blurry figure concocted by the marrying of the night darkness and the cacophony of lights outside the window.
###Chapter 3213
Chapter 3213 You Look Really Angry 
At this moment, the car suddenly drove through a brightly lit road. The yellow street lights lit up the darkness within the car, and the twinkling stars eventually illuminated Jake’s handsome yet angular side profile. At the same time, his breathtaking amber eyes were fixated on her under his slightly messy fringe. 
Megan was lost in her thoughts as she stared at the scene before her. She clutched onto her grip on the gloves and suddenly her hand lost its strength. She could only look down and avert her gaze. 
“You don’t want them?” Jake did not understand Megan’s feelings and did not want to guess either. He held his forehead as he looked at her with his unfathomable eyes. 
He then continued coldly, “I have never given you the right to choose!” 
This domineering line brought Megan back from her daydream. She looked at the gloves in her hand absent-mindedly and grimaced as she decisively tossed them back to him. 
“I don’t want them. Whatever it is, I don’t have anything to do with you!” 
What’s wrong with me? And I actually thought he was quite gentle earlier? 
With the gloves tossed back at him, Jake could barely suppress his deepest emotions anymore. His face was grim and flames of fury rose within him at the thought of Megan and Jonas talking to each other affectionately at the shop. 
Since she admitted that she was Megan, everything she had should be owned by him as well. 
He had already warned her, but not only did she take up the commercials that featured Jonas, but she was also chatting away happily with him.
I really should not have helped her get the role of the female lead that day. However, I couldn’t bear to see her being bossed around by other people, and there is this inner voice that keeps urging me to help her. 
He was really becoming a far cry from what he used to be. His mind used to contain only work but now, this unreasonable woman had come into his mind, and that frustrated him. 
Jake rubbed his aching head. With a tensed face, he closed his eyes and was about to speak when the car came to a stop, reminding them that they had arrived at their destination. 
“Thank you for the ride, Mr. Wilson. I’ll get off now,” Megan said in a distant tone. Jake watched her actions which looked like she could not wait to get away from him. 
Am I really that annoying? 
Clearly, he was still affected by her but he did not display a trace of anger at all. 
“Hang on.” Jake was not done talking and was not ready to let her go. He tugged onto her arm and wanted to pull her back into the car. 
Meanwhile, the ground was slippery and Megan lost her balance as she fell back into the car. 
“Ahhh!” 
In a rare display of distress, Jack immediately got up and reached out his arms to catch her when he saw that she was about to fall. 
“Are you alright?” he asked in his deep yet magnetic voice. 
She was feeling irritated and wanted to scream out loud when she opened her eyes. However, the sight of that stunning face stopped any semblance of a voice from escaping her throat. Suddenly, she found
it hard to breathe as her face turned scarlet. 
“I’m f-fine…” 
She pushed Jake away with all her might while waves of emotions were swimming in her eyes. She was about to look down to hide her feelings but he caught that expression anyway. 
“Was I too harsh earlier? You look really angry,” Jake asked her quietly. 
It looked like just an innocent question, but only he knew how suspicious his actions were today. 
Whatever it was, he already looked like he was far too concerned for her. 
He had given her a second look only because he had thought that she was the only “Megan” that did not disgust him so far. 
However, he realized recently that his concern for her had already grown far beyond the limits that he had set for himself. 
The unease was slowly taking control over his emotions. 
Therefore, even though he was clearly affected by her intimacy with Jonas, her anger made him continue to ask her patiently.
###Chapter 3214
Chapter 3214 Fake Friendships In Showbiz 
Megan was clearly shocked by Jake’s sudden display of concern. She immediately sat up and shot him a suspicious look before waving her hands and getting down from the car hurriedly. 
“No, no, I’m already late for the party. Bye-bye, Mr. Wilson!” 
In order to prove that she was enthusiastic, Megan appeared to be extra bubbly, but the fake smile on her face looked tense and ugly. Jake looked at her face and wanted to hold her back, but she had already vanished from his sight. 
As she ran her way into the hotel, Megan still felt rather unsettled. As she recalled Jake’s strange antics, she began to wonder what was going on. 
Was he trying to test me or to warn me? 
On her way from the elevator to the private room, she tried to think through the situation to get some clues but still could not understand it. 
Therefore, she had no choice but to open the door absent-mindedly and mentally prepared herself to participate in this celebratory party. 
“May Transcendent receive the highest ratings ever!” 
Megan had just opened the door when confetti suddenly fell from above and multiple party poppers went off around her. Dazed and confused, she looked around and realized that everyone was happily standing in wait for her. 
“Hey look, our star is here!” exclaimed Steven who was standing by the door. He walked up to her jovially with a huge grin on his face.
Seems like Transcendent had made him popular once again. 
“Now that Megan is here, we are complete. Let’s get the party started!” Steven was no longer as strict as he normally was and he bade everyone to take their seats. 
Megan had barely recovered from the shock. She patted her face to get back to her senses and looked around at the people shouting congratulatory greetings. Finally, she spotted Francesca. A familiar face at last! 
As if they communicated through telepathy, they smiled as their eyes met. Quickly, they pulled their chairs to sit together. 
It was very noisy in the room with a lot of people walking around. As Megan was chatting with Francesca, she cast a casual look at a few people that were walking around her. Coincidentally, her sharp eyes noticed Kelly who was in a white dress. 
She was just about to greet Kelly only to have her treat her as if she were invisible. Her gaze went through Megan and landed across her. 
Kelly’s behavior stumped Megan. She turned to Francesca and asked, “What’s going on? Weren’t we fine during the shoot?” 
Francesca shot Megan a strange look and shook her head before glancing at the silent Kelly. “Don’t you spend any time online? You were the only one who was made popular by Transcendent, and the netizens have compared the two of you while trampling mud all over her. That is why she is so pissed at you.” 
Megan was dumbfounded when Francesca said that. 
There were so many fake friendships in showbiz, this was bound to happen sooner or later.
Thankfully, Megan was not very concerned about such matters. Be it relationships or friendships, she believed that they were entirely up to fate. 
After a short while, everyone in the cast was here, with a few empty seats that were meant for the investors. 
When she heard that, Megan instantly knew why Jake wanted her to be here. He was clearly the biggest boss behind Transcendent. 
However, why would a big boss like him turn up for a small function like this? 
“All right, now that we are all here, we are going to go straight into the first part of our party, which is the opening dance. Hmm, who should lead us?” 
The atmosphere instantly became very lively. Everyone began screaming out all sorts of names but the loudest were of Megan and Jonas’ names. 
Jonas was not part of the original cast of Transcendent. He was invited simply because he was an artist under Sky Entertainment. Also, while this celebratory party was thrown in Steven’s name, it was actually organized by Sky Entertainment.
###Chapter 3215
Chapter 3215 I Will Just Dance With Philip 
“Oh, it seems like everyone would like to see Megan and Jonas do an opening dance!” 
“Yes!” everyone chorused. 
Megan had turned redder than ever as she glanced awkwardly at Jonas who was already smiling and standing up. This is too embarrassing! 
I really don’t know how to dance at all! 
What would someone like me know about something as refined as dancing? 
“Come on, Megan!” Steven saw her hesitation and could not help but give her a little nudge. 
However, Megan was as unmovable as a statue. 
She looked up and met Steven’s enthusiastic eyes before saying awkwardly, “Mr. Hayes, I really can’t dance at all. Could you get someone else, please?” 
Megan still remembered her promise to Jonas. She was to reject all invitations to dance at this party, and still have one dance with him. 
However, she still rejected it. She could do any dance with him but not the opening dance. 
After all, there would be so many eyes on her. If she danced badly, not only would others laugh at her, he would be embarrassed too. 
Steven looked at Megan and he could tell that she was speaking the truth. He then recalled how Felix had told him that Megan was a young girl from a farming village. Hence, it would be normal for her to not know how to dance.
Steven did not want to put her in the spot either, so he immediately nodded by way of releasing her. 
However, Jonas did not want to let her go, and this was clearly shown through the dark clouds that engulfed his face. 
He said in a low voice, “If she is not dancing, I’m not dancing either.” 
Clearly, Jonas assumed that Megan had gone back on her word. He was normally cheery but now he looked furious. Everyone was astounded by the change in his behavior. More shockingly, there was no attempt on Jonas’s part to hide his anger. 
In everybody’s eyes, this alone was the evidence that they were really in a relationship. 
The atmosphere instantly reached a freezing point when the two most sought-after people refused to dance. Steven put down his glass and frowned deeply at Jonas. In his mind, he could not help but wonder what made Jonas so uncompromising. 
Is there really something going on between the two of them? 
“Hey Jonas, I really don’t know how to dance. Don’t cause any trouble now,” Megan pursed her lips and said. 
Dozens of eyes were moving back and forth between the two of them. By now, even the dumbest person could read their minds. 
She did not want to stir up more rumors about the two of them. 
“I’m not causing any trouble. I’m just not in the best mood, and I don’t want to dance. It has nothing to do with you.” Jonas returned to his seat coldly and fell silent. 
Megan did not want him to speak and heaved a sigh of relief when she saw him seated silently.
Their argument caused the room’s atmosphere to turn chilly. Steven felt awkward and did not know what to say now. 
Kelly glanced at Megan and knew that the atmosphere needed some warming up. Otherwise, the party would only go downhill from there. 
She sighed a little as she tugged on Steven’s sleeve and whispered, “Mr. Hayes, Iet me dance with Philip then.” 
Even though the leads of Transcendent were not as outstanding as Megan’s character, they still received good feedback. 
Therefore, there was nothing wrong with them doing the opening dance. 
Hence, Steven thought for a short while and agreed to have Kelly and Steven do the opening dance. 
Then, at Steven’s announcement, the music began and a couple slid into the center of the dance floor. Their graceful dance moves roused everyone and finally warmed up the atmosphere from the icy chills. 
Kelly and Philip were drowning in applause after the dance. When Megan looked at the two of them, she reflected that there was still a lot for her to learn. 
An actor needed to be able to act like anything. In the future, she hoped that she would no longer need a substitute even for a dance.
###Chapter 3216
Chapter 3216 This Is Fullerton Hotel 
“She was helping you out of that sticky situation, wasn’t she?” Francesca asked as she glanced at Kelly. 
Megan looked at her food and shook her head. “I don’t know what she was thinking about. She has no bad intentions so I don’t want to second guess her.” 
After all, Kelly was one of the few whom she got along with within the cast. 
Francesca nodded when she heard Megan. She then leaned against her chair and continued eating calmly. “That’s true. Oh yes, the bosses from Sky Entertainment are quite arrogant aren’t they? They still haven’t made an appearance yet.” 
It was only then that Megan suddenly realized that the seats remained empty. 
Megan looked around and suddenly it struck her that the place looked rather familiar. She frowned as she attempted to recall. This is Fullerton Hotel. 
Fullerton Hotel… 
Megan’s heart twinged. Jake had sent her here and she was panicking so much she did not even notice where she was. The moment she entered the hotel, she had already gotten the staff to bring her to Steven’s private room. 
It was only now when she calmed down that she realized that she was at the place which had completely transformed her life… 
She closed her eyes as a chill took over her entire body. Her fingers trembled slightly as her mind whizzed back to the incident from that day. Until now, she was still reeling in fear.
This was the hotel where she had lost the most precious thing to her. 
Since her rebirth, she had avoided coming here. However, in her haste, she was caught by the noose of fate once again. 
The only thing she was mildly thankful for was that this was not the exact date when she had lost her virginity. Perhaps, God will let her off today. 
“What’s wrong, Megan?” Francesca sat next to her and saw how anxious she looked. 
She put her hand on Megan’s shoulder only to realize how cold she was. 
“Are you not feeling well?” 
Megan held her forehead and waved her away. The moment she opened her eyes, she saw the door being pushed open. 
“Oh, here you are, Mr. Whittemore!” 
Steven and a few of the eagle-eyed actors immediately stood up to welcome the person who just reached the room. Megan glanced in that direction to see Anderson walking in with two young and beautiful secretaries. 
“Look at how haughty he looks. He is just a tiny shareholder at Sky Entertainment.” 
Francesca shot him a few disdainful glances. 
When she saw that, Megan looked up and in her mind, she became more curious about Francesca’s real identity. She must have a really strong background. 
“I can see that everyone is here.” Anderson walked in and looked lecherously at all the female stars in the room. He pulled out a chair and sat down triumphantly as if he were touring his personal harem.
“Everyone was waiting for your arrival, Mr. Whittemore,” Melissa finally spoke despite being extra quiet today. 
Megan could not hold back her frown when she heard Melissa speak. As she glanced at the skimpily- clad Melissa, she looked down on her even more. 
She had always been very materialistic and could always attempt to get the attention of those lecherous bosses. 
However, Anderson was appreciative of what Melissa had said as his chubby face moved to look at Melissa’s ample bosom. His intentions were clear for all to see. 
“Eh, don’t say that. We are all the same. Transcendent could not have become so popular without everyone’s hard work. Most importantly, Megan has shot to stardom this time, hasn’t she?” 
At the end of the day, he still brought up Megan’s name. 
Megan looked up at him and merely nodded with a fake smile. However, she did not reply to him. 
Clearly, her cold and half-hearted attitude did not make him happy. He frowned and grimaced before becoming cold and distant. 
“Don’t be angry, Mr. Whittemore. Come on, let me drink with you.” While Melissa was usually good at observing moods, she had suddenly lost her better judgment today. It was as if she was ignorant to Anderson’s frozen expression as she walked towards him with a glass of wine in her hand.
###Chapter 3217
Chapter 3217 Watch What You Say 
Seems like Anderson was so rich she would do anything to get close to him. 
“Give it to Megan.” Instead of accepting Melissa’s glass, he pointed at Megan expressionlessly with the clear intention to teach her a lesson. 
Megan was not afraid. In her past life, she could hold her drinks very well, but she did not have a high tolerance right now. 
“Mr. Whittemore, Megan is still young. Let’s not have her drink such strong spirits. She can just have some juice.” Steven saw everything and tried to help her out. Megan was his potential breakout star after all. 
However, there was no changing of Anderson’s mind. Without any hesitation, he shook his hand while his eyes hinted at an impending storm. 
“She gained popularity because of my drama series, and she can’t even have a drink with me? How dare she disrespect me like that?” 
With that, everyone’s faces turned pale. Anderson’s words had distinctly insulted the entire entertainment industry. Involuntarily, they glanced at Megan who looked like she was unmoved. 
Why is she so unaffected? 
Jonas looked at Megan. Even though she was being questioned and judged, she still sat there quietly and remained calm. 
Just like the way she was towards him, there was no way of telling how she felt at all.
If he could control his own emotions, he really did not want to pay her any attention at all. 
“If you insist, Mr. Whittemore, I’ll drink on her behalf.” 
Jonas recollected his thoughts, adjusted his suit, and stood up from his seat. The lights fell on his clean and handsome face while his muscular figure was particularly eye-catching. Everyone’s eyes fell on him instantly. 
Megan could not help but look at him as well. Apart from shock, she felt rather conflicted. 
She had already worked so hard to maintain a distance between them, and all she wanted was to be friends with him. However, Jonas kept shielding her without any reservation. 
This made her feel that perhaps he wanted to be more than friends. 
“It’s alright, I’ll do it myself.” 
Megan was already used to handling this kind of situation in her previous life—those old men would try to get her drunk in order to touch her. 
Now that these scenes were replaying before her, she could feel the disgust rising within her but she did not want to owe Jonas a favor either. 
“Fantastic. I like straightforward people like you, Megan.” 
Anderson found the little interaction between them interesting. Hence, he put on a fake smile. 
Every single person in the room knew what was in his mind, but since even Steven could not stop him, no one would be able to do so. 
However, they could not understand why Megan wanted to stop Jonas from helping her.
“Megan, this is a drink with high alcohol content. You will pass out from a sip, let alone a glass!” Jonas did not want to see Megan fall into the trap so he reminded her with a low voice. 
However, this merely brought about Anderson’s warning. “Jonas, watch what you say. Unless you think that your career path has been too long.” Anderson glared at him with daggers in his eyes. 
Every single word was a warning to him to stop talking. 
Jonas could not completely ignore him as he was a shareholder at Sky Entertainment. He frowned and clenched his fists with an angry yet helpless face. All he could do was to thump the table. 
Megan saw everything. She looked down and thought about all that Jonas had done for her and felt guiltier than ever. 
If she had not provoked him in the first place, this innocent and wonderful person would not have come to mankind. 
He should be an angel in heaven. 
Her mind was in a mess but there was still a tense situation before her. She put her thoughts away and sniggered at Anderson, “Mr. Whittemore, let’s not make things difficult for the top male artist of your company, shall we? I am sure you and Mr. Wilson will want him to print more money for you, so I’ll just finish this glass.”
###Chapter 3218
Chapter 3218 Driving Megan To Death 
She said it in a relaxed manner and looked completely unaffected. Melissa could not help but stare at her in shock as well. 
She was so experienced in social drinking and smoking but even she found it challenging to drink spirits like that. What does a little girl like Megan think she is doing? 
Melissa could not help but snigger as she handed the glass to Megan. With her chin held high, she looked down at Megan arrogantly and said, “Alright, our big celebrity here says that she is a good drinker. Let us see you down this glass then!” 
Megan took a look at the translucent alcohol in the glass, and its scent eventually permeated Megan’s nostrils. 
She took over the glass and took in a whiff of its scent. Instantly she frowned a little. 
This was stronger than she had expected. 
“Come on!” 
Melissa was observing every single one of her moves. With a little smile, she prepared herself to laugh at Megan whom she expected to be puking incessantly later. 
“I don’t need you to rush me.” She glanced coldly at Melissa. Megan held up the glass and her lips touched the edge. At this moment, Francesca pulled her back and shook her head lightly. 
“Don’t worry, it’s just a glass.” 
Megan looked at her reassuringly before lifting the glass and downing the entire drink in one gulp.
At that very moment, the heat from the alcohol traveled from her throat to her digestive system. She began to burn up and even her pale face turned redder by the second. 
However, Megan was not affected at all. She held her glass and indicated to Anderson that she had finished the drink as per his request. 
“I’m done.” 
Indeed, the aftereffect of the spirit was quite strong. She was already feeling a little dizzy. 
This body of hers was not as tolerant towards alcohol. If it were the past, she could hold her drinks better. 
“Looks like Ms. Rockford can hold her drinks well,” Anderson said and glanced at her. His sharp eyes were already set on her swaying stance 
“In that case, let all of us have individual toasts with Ms. Rockford then! At the end of the day, we came to our success thanks to Ms. Rockford!” Anderson spoke lightly with a huge beam on his face. 
He then looked around at each person who did not dare to speak. Instantly, he felt more triumphant than ever. 
Everyone was so submissive to him but only Megan was so obstinate. 
Someone like her deserved to be taught a lesson so that she could be put in her rightful place. 
“Mr. Whittemore, we can’t do that!” 
Steven had not dared to say much but now he was completely perturbed. Individual toasts? Not even an experienced male drinker like himself could handle a toast like that. 
Anderson was just trying to drive Megan to death here.
Anderson’s smile froze when he heard someone protecting Megan again. His look of displeasure landed on Steven. “Looks like you don’t understand my warning, do you? Right, Sky Entertainment will not invest a cent into your next series!” 
“You!” 
Steven was not an eloquent person to begin with. Now that Anderson had pushed him to a corner, he was rendered speechless with a red face as he sat down furiously. 
This scene made everyone look at Megan with perplexity. 
She did not do anything but yet got herself involved in such a disaster. 
“You don’t have to make other’s lives difficult,” Megan said. 
She was still feeling extremely dizzy but she still forced herself to stand up with her glazed eyes. “Since I am your target, you can spare Mr. Hayes your fury. I’ll drink.” 
Megan looked at Anderson’s arrogant face quietly. If not for her dizziness, she would have recorded his behavior for Jake. If one did not know any better, one would have thought that he called the shots at Sky Entertainment instead. 
“Megan, you’ve gone mad!” Jonas roared out loud, finally releasing all of his suppressed emotions within. 
He rushed up to her angrily and snatched her wrist before dragging her outside.
###Chapter 3219
Chapter 3219 Cannot Take Him Down With Me 
She is clearly putting up a tough front. How could she do this to herself? 
“I will definitely not allow you to abuse yourself like this!” 
His eyes that were usually full of joy were now bloodshot. He clasped her resisting wrists tightly and paid no attention to how others were silently assessing his relationship with Megan. 
“Let go of me!” 
Megan’s feet felt like they were stepping on air. She felt so dizzy that every step she took made her feel like she had liquid for her brain. Jonas’s shaking increased her nausea after alcohol further. 
“I will not allow you to do as you wish.” 
Jonas was so worried he barely had time to consider Megan’s thoughts. With a tensed face, he opened the door. Just when he was about to bring Megan away, he heard Anderson’s cold voice behind him. 
“Think carefully, Jonas. The moment you step out of this door, we may not be able to ensure that you will remain a part of Sky Entertainment.” 
Megan and Jonas stopped in their tracks. 
I definitely cannot take him down with me. This was the only thought in Megan’s mind. 
Hastily, she released herself from Jonas’s arms but nearly fell from her loss of balance. Thankfully Francesca was agile enough to support her before she fell. 
“Stop it, I don’t need you to do anything for me.”
Even though her head was already spinning, her mind was still very clear. Through her glazed eyes, she and Jonas looked at each other silently. 
Instantly, everyone could feel that the atmosphere in the room dropped to sub-zero. All eyes were on them to see what Jonas’s choice would be. 
After a while, Jonas finally broke his silence. 
He stared at Anderson and said earnestly, “Fine, I will terminate my contract with Sky Entertainment from tomorrow onwards. I will send the penalty fees to your office tomorrow morning.” 
Everyone was shocked. Which famous celebrity in their right mind would sacrifice their future for a woman? 
No one but Jonas. 
“No, I don’t need your fake kindness!” with Francesca’s help, Megan stood up and cried hurriedly after she heard every word that Jonas had said. 
There was no need for Jonas to do this. I am not worth it at all. 
However, Jonas has already made up his mind and no one could stop him. 
This was something that Megan was aware of when he forced her to stay in the hospital. 
“This is my choice and it has nothing to do with you.” Jonas looked calm and his dark eyes illuminated her heart like a twinkling night sky. 
She could not help but stun by this scene. What is it about me that deserves the care and attention of this well-loved man? 
She felt guilty and that was all she could feel when it came to Jonas.
“Let’s go,” Jonas said as he pulled her away from the room. 
Francesca watched them leave silently. 
When they left, she returned to her seat with unspeakable feelings. 
After they left the room, Megan finally felt better after breathing in some fresh cold air. However, she was still extremely parched. 
“Have some water in my room?” 
Megan shook her head and replied, “No.” 
Assuming that she was worried about his ill intentions, he sighed and patted her on the shoulder. “Don’t worry. The room I meant is the standing room I have in Fullerton Hotel which I normally use to avoid the paparazzi. I rarely use it. I am not bringing you home with me.” 
This explanation made her feel dizzier than before. When she looked up and blinked her eyes, she felt that the surroundings looked rather familiar. 
“Is that so?” 
“Yes. My room is right at the end of this corridor. Drink some water and get some rest. I’ll drive you home later.” 
Jonas stared at Megan’s flushed face, which looked more alluring than ever against her fair porcelain skin.
###Chapter 3220
Chapter 3220 Attempted Rape 
He couldn’t help staring a little more and thought that Megan was way more beautiful than Mia. 
“Yeah, I want to go home. Please drop me off there.” 
Megan only spoke in response to Jonas. She didn’t actually know what she was saying. All she could tell was that the effects of the alcohol were getting to her and that her thoughts and body were reacting to it. 
“Must we head back right away?” 
Jonas remained sober, but he still couldn’t communicate with Megan. That got him to frown, and he was especially hesitant when he saw her stumbling like that. 
At first, he planned on waiting until she sobered up, so they could hang out. However, he would not force her to stay out if she insisted on going home. 
“Alright then, I won’t push. Let’s head back,” added Jonas. 
He helped Megan up and walked over to the elevator. He was going to take her to his car, then bring her home. 
Unfortunately, when the elevator reached the first floor, Jonas tapped his pocket and realized that he didn’t have his car keys with him. 
He recalled how he must’ve left it in the room when he changed his clothes earlier. 
He tapped his own head in exasperation and felt like nothing was going his way that day. After that, he settled Megan down on the sofa of the atrium and tilted his head down to whisper patiently into her ear.
“Wait here, Megan. I’ll go grab my keys and will be back right away.” 
“Oh, okay,” replied Megan breathlessly. Her head was spinning, and she was so tired that she was massaging her eyes. 
Jonas left her alone after hearing her words. He then rushed to the elevator. At that moment, all he could think about was how he could get her home sooner if he got to his keys quicker. 
The two adults weren’t aware of something rather important, though. Someone had already infiltrated the first floor and had been waiting for the opportunity to strike. The culprit was eager to emerge from the shadows and approached Megan as soon as Jonas left in his hurry. 
“It’s like I said, Megan Rockford. Jonas can’t protect you all the time, and you are at my mercy now.” 
Megan didn’t realize that danger was lurking around her when she rested on the sofa in the atrium. All she knew was that she heard some strange noises from the side, so she shifted her hand and suddenly opened her eyes. 
That move frightened her right away and turned her pale. 
“Mr. Whittemore, what are you doing here?” 
Megan suddenly looked up and saw the magnified face of a fat, ugly j*rk. That scared her so much that she instantly sobered up. 
Anderson simply chuckled when he saw Megan being so wary of him. He didn’t even say a word before he dragged Megan, who didn’t have the strength to fight back, toward the elevator. 
“No!”
Megan struggled when she realized that Anderson was taking her away. Unfortunately, it didn’t matter how hard she struggled. The man’s hold on her remained strong. 
“What the hell do you want?” growled Megan. 
She couldn’t break free and was so weak that she couldn’t even scream for help. Helplessness and hopelessness engulfed her and threatened to drown her. 
That familiar sensation got Megan’s entire body to tremble. 
She recalled how, in her past life, her heart was shattered after that hopeless night. 
Is history repeating itself? Am I trapped again just when I thought I had broken free of my terrible fate? Am I at the mercy of this man? 
No, I won’t admit defeat! 
Megan screamed internally. She fought the alcohol messing with her brain and come up with a solution. Just then, a ring from the elevator got her attention. 
A thought flashed past Megan’s mind at that moment. She turned to the man locking in on her waist. She wanted to puke, but she resisted that desire and wrapped her arm around his shoulder. 
“I want to kiss you.” 
Anderson was a little taken aback by Megan’s drastic and sudden change. He shifted his gaze and saw how the alcohol had reddened Megan’s face. For a moment there, he couldn’t resist temptation and shifted over to her. He waited for the kiss from Megan. 
However, he didn’t get the kiss he anticipated. Instead, she kicked him right in his nuts.
“Ah!” 
Anderson’s pained moans instantly echoed around the atrium. His hands covered his injured parts, and he fell in pain. At that moment, he couldn’t be bothered about Megan at all.
###Chapter 3221
Chapter 3221 Truth About Her Past Life 
Megan spat at Anderson upon seeing that. She stepped forward and got into the elevator that had just arrived. She never hesitated to press the button that would help take her to the top floor. 
“B*tch, you…” 
Anderson reacted quickly and cussed aloud. He chased after her and was about to reach her when the elevator’s door closed. 
Megan wasn’t sure she was safe until she saw the display telling her that the elevator was moving upward. Still traumatized, she leaned against the cold walls of the elevator as her heart thumped wildly. 
That was close. I almost got… 
Still, why was Anderson there? He sounded like he had anticipated and knew that Jonas would leave me there. 
Megan couldn’t figure anything out. She crouched down in the corner and massaged her head. That was when she realized that her mind had slowed down, and her chilly body started feeling hot. 
What is going on? 
She didn’t have the opportunity to figure it out because the elevator door opened. She looked ahead and saw that she was already on the top floor. 
“I feel so hot,” murmured Megan as she frowned and took off her coat. Her throat was even drier than it previously was.
She walked out of the elevator and strolled down the corridor aimlessly. All the while, her face was burning so red that she looked scary. 
She suddenly felt summoned and turned around to see a crimson red door at the end of a red carpet. The exquisite chandelier hung from the ceiling, and a sense of elegance ambushed her. 
This place… I feel like I’ve been here before… 
Standing in the middle of the corridor, her burning mind suddenly painted a picture of a man holding a woman. They walked steadily and surely to the second last room at the end of the corridor. 
Megan was stunned. She felt as if her blood had frozen over when she recalled the place was the last memory she had before she lost her virginity in her past life. 
C-could it be that my grief from my past life had prompted me to be here? Will I finally learn the truth now? 
Megan moved like she had been possessed. She couldn’t stop her feet from moving in that direction, and complicated thoughts got her extremely nervous. 
“B*tch, I finally found you!” 
Megan was about to knock on the door. She paused when she heard the booming voice of the man. When she turned around, she saw Anderson rushing over angrily. 
Megan panicked. She was usually calm, but she couldn’t be bothered about anything anymore. She knocked on the door endlessly and prayed that she could run away from Anderson’s lunacy. 
“What’s the point of knocking on the door? Melissa drugged you, so where the hell can you run to?” roared Anderson, who only took a few hurried steps to reach Megan. He looked downright evil when he grabbed Megan’s wrist.
Hearing Anderson’s words got Megan to pause in surprise. She was in disbelief as Anderson dragged her away. Anger then clouded her mind. 
“Did you just say that Melissa drugged me? Did the two of you get together to trick me?” 
Anderson turned around and saw how angry Megan looked at that moment. He couldn’t help feeling gleeful about it. 
He replied, “You overestimate your beauty. Do you really think you are worth the effort? Only an idiot like Jonas would waste his time on you. Melissa poured the glass of wine for me, and it was meant to drug me. You were unlucky and stumbled onto it, so naturally, she had to tell me the truth to get on my good side.” 
So that is how it was… 
Megan couldn’t help stumbling backward after learning the truth. She stared blankly at Anderson’s moving lips and suddenly felt like her past life was nothing but a joke. 
She remembered how she had good tolerance to alcohol in her past life, and how she would help the younger performers by drinking in their place. She thought that she could get on their good side, but all she got in return was them being annoyed at her for stepping in and disrupting their plans. 
Was I troublesome and annoying? Probably. 
At that moment, she learned that she wasn’t helping the others down their drinks. She was also disrupting their path to a successful career. 
She no longer helped others in this lifetime, but fate still cursed her into a horrible situation. It was as if the angels did all that just to tell her how stupid she was in her past life.
“Is that so? Well, even if that is the case, I won’t go with you.”
###Chapter 3222
Chapter 3222 Jake To The Rescue 
The heat burning in Megan’s body felt like it would melt her at any moment, but she refused to act on it in front of Anderson. She was too afraid to even unbutton a button. 
She suppressed her emotions and tried to stay calm, even though her gaze was already blurry and she could no longer focus. 
Anderson scoffed upon hearing that. He replied, “That is not up to you.” 
After saying his piece, he pulled at Megan, who was already dizzy. She fell onto his fat, ugly figure at the very next second. 
“You…” 
Megan couldn’t stand the disgust she felt, but what terrified her even more was the desire inside her. She wanted to get close to a chilly body. 
No matter what, I will not let Anderson win! 
“What the hell are the two of you doing?” 
Megan was about to play the same trick on Anderson when a man’s voice suddenly echoed in the empty corridor. Both were stunned, but Megan reacted faster. 
“Help! He’s dragging me away against my will,” shouted Megan. She tried her best to turn around and to try to halt Anderson’s effort in dragging her into the elevator. 
I cannot let this opportunity pass me by. This is my last chance to escape!
The man on the other side of the corridor frowned when he saw the two of them struggling like that. He tilted his gaze down because he didn’t want to butt in on others’ matters. 
Just before the elevator’s door closed, he suddenly caught the face of the woman being dragged by the plump man. His heart jumped, and he rushed over. 
“Megan?” 
Megan’s anxiety settled down when she heard the man saying her name. The guy knows me, so I will definitely be saved. 
That thought prompted Megan to nod immediately. She didn’t even have the time to make out who the guy was before she replied, “Yes, it’s me. Megan.” 
Anderson had his back to the man, and the former became impatient and frustrated when he heard someone butting in again. What is up with today? Why is everyone keep butting in and disrupting my plan? 
Anderson looked displeased. He tossed Megan aside like she was garbage. 
Megan’s footing was already unstable, so being tossed aside like that got her to lose her balance. She almost fell right onto the floor. 
The man saw that she was about to fall, so he quickly extended his arm and helped steady her. He frowned before his distant gaze met Anderson’s eyes. 
“Y-you… M-Mr. Wilson…” 
Obviously, Anderson never imagined that he would bump into Jake at a place like that. The former instantly turned pale, and the fear in his eyes couldn’t be hidden away, no matter how hard he tried.
Why am I so unlucky today? 
“Huh, looks like you’re having a lot of fun flirting with my girl,” said Jake. 
His eyes were unreadable, and he seemed cool when he looked at Anderson. However, the storm brewing underneath that serenity was unmistakable. 
“Y-you misread the situation.” 
Anderson looked at Megan, who was resting against Jake’s shoulder and being quiet. Jake, on the other hand, was looking more and more evil. 
Why didn’t anyone tell me that Megan and Jake are sleeping together? 
“Oh, so this is a misunderstanding? How can there be a misunderstanding when I saw it with my own eyes?” growled Jake as he tightened his grip around Megan’s waist. His tone was icy, and the mere thought of how that disgusting man’s hand had touched Megan got Jake murderous. 
“No, that is not it. I-I…” said Anderson as he rubbed his hands together nervously. He looked troubled, awkward, and panicky all at once, and he was trembling uncontrollably, causing his fat to flutter. 
Jake wasn’t interested in his bullsh*t, so he narrowed his eyes and shot a sharp gaze over. The chilly aura sliced right through Anderson’s neck. 
“Sign the papers and give up all Sky Entertainment shares you have on hand. If you don’t, you won’t just lose all your power as a shareholder. You will also drop dead.” 
Anderson had become deathly pale. Jake never turned around or look back after he uttered those words. He simply carried Megan, who was breathing lightly into his neck, and walked right back into his room.
“N-no!” shouted Anderson. 
Jake closed the doors and placed Megan on the bed after entering the room. One look at Megan’s face, and Jake could tell that she was drugged. 
That assh*le. He didn’t just threaten Megan. He also drugged her! Oh, he has spent too much time here, and it’s about time he takes a long rest in his coffin!
###Chapter 3223
Chapter 3223 Night Of Endless Passion 
“Let go of me, Megan. I’ll pour you a cup of water.” 
Jake had always acted proud in front of Megan, but he had completely lowered his stance at that moment. He tried to pry Megan’s arms away from his collar, but that only got her to hold on tighter. 
“Don’t leave me. Your body is so cold.” 
Megan had already exhausted her inhibition during her struggles by the elevator doors. She was also fighting the strong aftereffects of the hard liquor, so at that moment, she was utterly at the mercy of her own instincts. 
“Megan, wake up.” 
Jake was usually calm and had incredible walls built around his heart. However, when he saw her blushing cheeks and glossy gaze, that wall shattered and caused a ripple in his heart. 
He couldn’t help reaching out for her, and he wondered what it felt like to caress Megan’s soft cheeks. 
His hand was hanging midair when he retracted it. I don’t want it to happen like this, reminded the rational side of Jake’s mind. 
Jake was quiet when he sat at the bedside. He closed his eyes and tried to distract himself with other matters, but all his mind showed him was Megan’s beauty. 
Even Jake was surprised by it. When did she leave such an incredible impression on me? 
Or maybe… am I just desperate for her to come to rescue me from the emptiness inside and fill my heart? Is that why I am especially attentive to her?
It didn’t matter why Jake felt that way, though. Either reason was enough to surprise him because they hadn’t known each other for long. Yet, he had already regarded her as someone from his past, and someone he cared about. He felt especially connected to her and wanted to have all of her and her future. 
Jake’s mind was in a wreck when he suddenly felt a sting near his ear. It was as if a mosquito had bitten him. 
He couldn’t help frowning a little. He turned around to look at Megan. She ambushed his lips. 
A burning sensation spread from his lips and engulfed his entire body. Jake tried to suppress it, and his long eyelashes trembled a little. He kept his eyes open and looked into Megan’s eyes. 
Her gaze seemed glazed over. It seemed the drug had caused her lust to overwhelm every other thought and emotion. 
No, we can’t keep doing this. 
Even looking at Megan at that state had challenged Jake and maxed out his self-control. He had always been calm, and that had always reflected in his eyes, but those same eyes were tainted by desire. He pushed her away just before she stuck her tongue down his throat. 
“Enough! Calm down.” 
Megan felt wronged after being pushed aside like that. Her eyes were wide open, and she even looked a little pitiful. Her mind was already lost by then, and all she knew was that she needed something to cool off the burning sensation within her. 
She stared at Jake, who had his back to the bed. Without hesitating, she walked over and hugged him before burying her face in his back. It seemed that she wanted to use his back to extinguish the flames
within her. 
“I feel so terrible. Will you help me?” 
Jake wanted to pretend that he didn’t hear a word she said, but Megan had already slipped her hands under his shirt. He grabbed them and turned around to look right at her. By then, desire was already oozing out of his dark brown eyes. 
“If you want my help, you will have to bear all the consequences it comes with.” 
Megan couldn’t think, so she didn’t understand what Jake was saying. She giggled and gave him an affirmative reply. That got her pushed onto the bed at the very next second, and soft kisses trickled down on her like rain. 
“This feels so strange…” 
Megan titled her head up to reveal her neck. Her dress had already fallen to her waist by then, and she had positioned herself to allow Jake to caress every inch of her body. 
“Megan, is this really you?” 
Jake’s passionate gaze brushed against every inch of Megan’s body, and his warm breaths spread all over her beautiful skin. A faint, refreshing fragrant was detected. 
“Hmm…” 
Jake couldn’t help regretting his decision when he heard her troubled moans. Why do I bother asking so many questions? I know that she cannot think now. 
He kissed her lips. At that moment, all he could see was Megan’s beauty.
The next morning had already rolled by when Megan woke up from a night of passionate lovemaking. 
She rubbed her eyes groggily and turned around mindlessly. That was when she suddenly realized that there was no one beside her.
###Chapter 3224
Chapter 3224 The Morning After 
Huh? Did Donna wake up early? 
Megan’s curiosity woke her up instantly. She scanned her surroundings and learned that she had no idea where she was at that moment. 
I think… did something happen last night? 
“Ah, you’re finally up. You slept more soundly than a pig.” 
Megan was trying to figure things out when the door was suddenly opened. A naked man with nothing but a towel around his waist had shown up in front of her. 
Megan was flabbergasted to see that. 
“You… did we…?” asked Megan as she stared blankly at Jake. She was astonished when she pointed at him, then at herself. For a moment there, she realized that she couldn’t find the right words to get out of that awkward situation. It felt as if every alphabet was just strange symbols. 
“What? Are you going back on your promise now that we’ve slept together?” 
Jake turned to her. When he saw her shoulders, which were outside the blanket, his eyes burned with a hint of passion once more. 
“Uh, so we s-slept together last night?” asked Megan. Her gaze was still lost, so she blinked, but her mind remained empty. 
Seeing how clueless Megan was got Jake a little upset.
He shoved his handsome face at her and pinched her chin up before tilting his gaze down and looking right into her eyes. His sexy lips complained, “Looks like you are going back on your words, huh? We’re already naked, so why are you still acting dumb?” 
We’re already naked? 
Those words got Megan stunned. Goosebumps rose all over her, and she shifted her gaze downward. That was when she finally realize that she was naked and completely exposed. 
“Ah!” 
Her delayed panic and anxiety got her heart to skip a beat. She pulled up the blanket before her eyes bulged awkwardly and nervously. She even backed away to the edge of the bed in mere seconds. 
“W-what happened last night?” 
Megan tugged at the blanket and wrapped up herself tightly. Jake couldn’t help chuckling when he saw how much she was panicking. 
There was a time when he thought that the woman in front of him would remain calm, regardless of what happened. 
“A healthy man and woman spent the night together alone in the room. What do you think happened?” teased Jake as he picked up the clothes from the floor. The sight before him was seductive and alluring, but he knew that he had to keep his cool. 
Megan turned speechless. She shrunk further into the blanket as she blushed endlessly. Curiosity and uncertainty kept brewing within her heart. 
Does Jake not suspect anything at all, even after everything had happened?
The booze and drug had overtaken her mind the night before, so she couldn’t recall anything that happened after the incident by the corridor. They say that alcohol makes us talk nonsense. Did I say something I shouldn’t? 
The situation was almost identical to the one from her previous life. The only difference was that she woke up with the man still in the room. 
“Let’s forget about it since things had progressed to this extent,” suggested Megan, whose head was still feeling a little bloated. She didn’t want to think too much about it, so she reached out to pick up the clothes on the floor. After that, she put them on while under the blanket. 
Her nonchalant tone got Jake to stop dressing up. He turned around in dissatisfaction. His muscular chest was exposed because he hadn’t had the chance to button up yet. 
“You’re ignoring me after we slept together?” 
Jake reached over and pulled the blanket away. Megan’s beautiful face became exposed, and his aggressive aura was invading her senses endlessly. That got the uncertainty in her heart to prompt her to fight back. 
“I have no intention of making you marry me or anything.” 
Megan snatched the blanket back from Jake. She didn’t even dare to look him in the eye anymore. 
He’s being so strange. He’s the one who has always been distant with me, so why is he acting like he wants to hold on to me now? 
Wait, hold on. D-did I say something crazy yesterday? Is that why he’s acting like this?
Despite the anxiety burning in her heart, Megan couldn’t bring herself to voice everything up. She waited to see what Jake would do next. In her nervousness, she bit her own lip a little.
###Chapter 3225
Chapter 3225 Room 312 Of The Fullerton Hotel 
“Do you think I’d be happy just because you said that?” demanded Jake as he pinched Megan’s face and forced her to turn her head. His gaze was sharp and deep when he stared at the woman in front of him. 
She looks so relaxed and calm now, so she must feel alright. 
Jake hovered over Megan on that big, soft bed. The two adults were looking right at each other, and her mind was overwhelmed by the magnified, handsome face in front of her. 
I can’t believe that someone as good-looking as this even exists. Every inch of his face seems to be blessed by the angels, and it carried both beauty and serenity. His chiseled jawline and those warm brown eyes can captivate anyone. 
Jake Wilson… He’s definitely not someone I can have. 
Megan thought about getting him to be her boyfriend when they first met, but she suddenly found herself disinterested when Jake actually developed feelings for her. 
It would be great to marry someone this amazing, but not if the wedding isn’t rooted in love. If the relationship stemmed from a lie, then the love will slip away no matter how much effort is put into it. 
Megan didn’t want to waste her time and effort on something hopeless. It was even more difficult for her when she thought about how she would have to lie to him and get him to do the same. 
She was there to seek vengeance against her enemy, and it was likely that she would hurt and owe many people in her quest to do so.
“You’re the one who f*cked me, so what’s the point of saying all that now? I’d rather you just pay me and leave immediately.” 
Megan’s heart was churning. She didn’t want to say those words, but she forced them out of her lips, anyway. 
“Ah, so this is what you want, huh?” said Jake in an icy tone while on the bed. He loosened his grip on her and stood up. Disappointment shone in his eyes when he added, “Still, you should know that this is room 312 of the Fullerton Hotel. This room is specifically reserved for me, so if anyone’s leaving, it should be you!” 
Megan was depressed when she heard how every word he said was filled with suppressed anger. Despite that, she could only force herself to seem unaffected. 
She was about to speak up when Jake’s words got her slightly stunned. 
Room 312 of the Fullerton Hotel? 
Her eyes bulged in disbelief as she turned to the man in front of her. The icy aura between her fingers slowly spread and engulf her entire body. 
“Did you just say that this room is specially reserved for you?” 
Jake thought that the poor girl from the countryside was simply surprised by how rich he was. Hence, he glared discriminatingly at her and crossed his arms before he leaned against the window and challenged, “What? Did you think that I am too poor to afford a room like this?” 
“No, that is not it. I just want to know… Why did you get this room?” 
Jake caught the uncontrollable emotions running wildly in Megan’s eyes. She’s frowning like she is suppressing something… thought Jake. He looked up and temporarily retracted his claws by adjusting
his attitude. 
He replied calmly, “The Fullerton Hotel is renowned for offering privacy so many tycoons and celebrities have a room specially reserved for them. There’s nothing strange about it.” 
The glow in Megan’s eyes instantly turned dark. She turned pale and bent down. Her expression was blank when she mumbled, “So this is how it is… That means that none of this is a coincidence.” 
In her past life, she lost her virginity in that room as well. When she woke up, all she saw was the money that truly stung her eyes. 
She remembered how devastated and angry she was at that moment, and she ran to the reception to ask who the owner of the room was. Unfortunately, the receptionist refused to answer her. 
She felt dirty at the time. 
That was when Herman came into her life. He was sweet and kind to her, and she was appreciative of that. She thought that she didn’t deserve to be loved and felt like she had the best relationship in the world. 
That was why she trusted him completely and love him with all her being. 
She would drink with other men to look for opportunities to boost his career and would sell revealing photos of herself to pay off his gambling debt. She even condoned his occasional insults.
###Chapter 3226
Chapter 3226 Bantering Duo 
She was, unquestionably, dominated by her low esteem and fear. She worried that Herman would fall out of love with her. 
Yet, even after everything she did, all she got in return was that hopeless night in the hotel. Even recalling that past made her want to slap herself. 
Megan shifted her gaze downward. She didn’t want to face what was happening at that moment. At first, she thought that she had slipped out of the cruel hands of fate, but she was wrong. She had been circling around that same road all this while. 
The only difference was that she knew Jake before she slept with him that time, and that was how she learned the true owner of room 312. 
The same man slept with her twice, and that got her to feel confused. 
How did I end up on his bed after I helped down a few drinks for my friends? Megan thought that the man standing in front of her must be involved in it somehow. Most likely, he bumped into me while I was running away, so he took advantage of the situation and brought me to his room. 
Those thoughts got Megan to feel lucky. If something like that had happened before she knew him, he would not believe her when she said that she was Megan. 
Under those circumstances, it would be even more difficult to keep Mia down. 
“What are you talking about when you said that it is not a coincidence?” asked Jake. He couldn’t make heads or tails of what she was saying and had been silently monitoring her expression from the side. He could tell that her mind was clearing up.
She looks like she had just figured out something crucial. 
“No, it’s nothing,” replied Megan. She wasn’t going to share what she was thinking because she had already regained her cognitive ability and had calmed down. 
Ignoring Jake’s interrogating gaze, Megan got out of the bed and picked up the clothes on the floor to put them on. 
“I feel like you’re hiding something from me.” 
Jake buttoned up and put his tie back on. The grey suit highlighted his tall figure, and Megan’s heart skipped a beat when she turned around and looked at him. They both wore grey suits, but they inspire different emotions. Jake is too proud and distant. 
Megan stopped comparing both men soon after and got in her wrinkled dress. She was heading to the washroom to freshen up a little. Unfortunately, Jake wasn’t going to let her go until she answered his question. 
He grabbed Megan’s arm and pulled her into his embrace to do that. 
“You haven’t answered my question.” 
The sudden move stunned Megan temporarily. She was quick to calm herself back down and regain her footing, though. It only took an instant for her eyes to turn as clear as the cloudless sky. 
“We’re not that close, so I don’t think there is a need for me to tell you.” 
Megan didn’t even know how she suddenly became so brave. She had always been respectful and careful with Jake, but at that moment, she was practically stepping on the tiger’s tail on purpose.
That being said, her voice carried no power when she said those words, and she didn’t even dare to look him in the eye. 
“We’re not that close, huh?” replied Jake with his brows raised. He seemed surprisingly calm and showed no signs of losing his temper anytime soon. 
He tilted his head up a little as he caressed her waist with his free hand. The soft touch stunned Megan and caused goosebumps all over her body once more. 
“Stop it.” 
Megan’s words were meant as a demand, but she sounded like she was begging instead. There was no way Jake would let her go, though. He pinched her chin and lifted her head up. Their faces were close to one another, and his breath was brushing against her cheek. That made her nervous. 
“What’s wrong? You were a lot more passionate last night,” teased Jake in his deep, sexy voice. Megan felt like she was drugged once more, and she was blushing a lot. She had her head down because she simply didn’t have the courage to look at him. 
Jake was obviously trying to make her feel bad by talking about what happened the previous night. 
No, I can’t let him win! 
Megan gritted her teeth and pushed him away mercilessly before she stroked her chest and panted. She ran to the door immediately after. 
Jake knew that she would run for the door, so he took a few quick steps and blocked her path. He would not let her leave.
Megan was downright infuriated by then. She tilted her head up and glared at the man in front of her. She demanded in an upset tone, “What do you want now? You’ve f*cked me and refused to pay me, so what else can you do to me? Sell me off to Alendor?”
###Chapter 3227
Chapter 3227 Free Mutt Or Caged Pedigree 
Jake tilted his head slightly and suspiciously. He suddenly understood what Megan thought. 
He raised his brows and put on a mysterious expression. His gaze was strange when he pointed out, “I didn’t even mention this matter, but you still spoke about it. Are you feeling guilty?” 
Jake’s question was obviously a test, and Megan would have none of it. She held her head up high and glared at him in distaste before dissing, “You know what? Just forget all about me if you don’t believe that I am Megan. There’s no point in testing me again and again. It’s not like it’s a fun game or anything.” 
He raised his brows upon being retaliated like that. His expression remained unreadable as he looked into her eyes and saw the stubbornness in them. 
I guess it’s still too early to determine if Megan is lying to me. 
Jake ignored his suspicion and checked his watch. That was when he realized that it was late. He frowned unhappily after seeing the disheveled state of Megan’s dress. 
“Your dress is in a terrible state. Let’s use the back door. I’ll take you home.” 
Megan suddenly felt angry when she saw how the man looked at her dress. It’s all your fault that my beautiful dress is destroyed! 
The two of them exited the hotel together. Jake took his coat off and draped it over Megan so that she could shield herself. He was also quick at getting her in the car. 
Things had changed. She was much more famous than she used to be, so it would be troublesome if the paparazzi snapped a photo of her.
“Should I take you to your rented place directly?” asked Jake as he got into the driver’s seat and started the engine. His tone revealed that he looked down on that place a little. 
Megan turned to him. She covered her shoulders up using his coat before replying, “Yes, please take me to the rented apartment made for poor saps like me. You can drop me off at the ground floor, Mr. President.” 
Jake chuckled when he heard the underlying anger in her voice. He drove out of the parking lot while asking, “Sounds like you’re not too happy about that place. Why don’t you move out? I’ll help you find a place.” 
Megan knew exactly what Jake was thinking. We slept together, but he must still find this wild and interesting. 
If a woman is not challenging enough and pleases a guy too soon in the relationship, that woman is fated to be dumped and abandoned. One must show the boys how they are worthy of being loved forever. 
Megan never wanted to sleep her way to the top in the first place. All she wanted was to search control people like Mia, who were consumed by greed. 
Hence, she replied, “Don’t even think about it. I’d rather be a free mutt than a caged pedigree.” 
Jake rose his brows upon hearing that. He chuckled in astonishment. That was a time when most women in showbiz were trying to marry into rich families. Men like Jake were often their dream husbands. 
She is probably the only person who would reject me that directly.
Jake’s mood became better after receiving a unique response like that. He looked at Megan via the rearview mirror. Even Jake himself didn’t realize that his eyes were glowing with glee at that moment. 
Megan sat quietly in the backseat. All she heard was his warning, “It’s fine if you want to be free, but you’re not allowed to leave my territory.” 
Half an hour later, Jake parked his car on the ground floor of the place Megan rented. 
Jake took off his seatbelt and turned around to see Megan moving hurriedly. After that, he opened the door. 
Seeing that stunned Megan. She quickly closed her side of the door and pulled at his arm. 
The two adults looked at one another while inside the car. One of them was stunned, while the other was calm. 
It soon became clear that Jake had no idea why Megan was behaving that way. His clear eyes shone with inexplicable emotions when he reached out to move her hair from her face. 
“What’s wrong? You look nervous,” commented Jake calmly. 
“It’s nothing,” said Megan as she shifted her gaze downward. She was obviously nervous when she said, “It’s just that there is no need for you to get out of the car, right?” 
He frowned when he saw how nervous she looked. His beautiful brows were practically knotted as suspicion rose in him.
###Chapter 3228
Chapter 3228 Battle In The Car 
Does she have some sort of skeleton in her closet that she doesn’t want me to see? 
Jake turned grouchy upon coming to that conclusion. His gaze stuck on the side of Megan’s face, and he couldn’t help suspecting that something was off when he saw how her eyelashes fluttered. 
“Why not? I’ve never been to your place before, and we’ve already slept together, so there’s nothing wrong with me going to your place,” said Jake as he retracted his hand. He was sitting in the driver’s seat, and his tone was calm, but Megan sensed something off about it. 
“That is just an accident. I told you. You don’t need to marry me or anything,” said Megan. 
She was getting more and more impatient and was glaring at Jake with displeasure. 
She didn’t want him to get out of the car because she didn’t want anyone snapping a photo of them together. If she was alone, she could lie and say that her friend dropped her off. 
Unfortunately, Jake had completely misread the situation and had imagined a much more complicated situation. 
“Did you just say that you don’t need me to marry you? When have I ever said that I’d marry you?” challenged Jake. He saw how strange she was being, and that got him to lose his temper. His eyes shone with discrimination when he said those hurtful insults. 
A single nonchalant sentence and one distant expression were all it took. Megan felt like a bucket of ice water had just drenched her. 
Ah, so I was overthinking it.
Megan grinned mockingly at herself. She didn’t think she’d be able to get together with a man as cruel as him. 
She instinctively clenched her fists while inside the car and pushed away the immense anger and sorrow within herself. She tried to remain calm when she replied, “If that’s the case, then you definitely have no reason to go to my place. Let’s never meet again, Mr. Wilson.” 
Megan was angry, and Jake didn’t need to turn around to know that. The change in the aura in the car was that obvious. 
He didn’t understand why she was angry, though. She was the one who thinks less of me and started to act up. I haven’t even gotten mad at that. Why is she angry instead? Did she act this way to make it seem like she is right? 
Jake didn’t want to waste any more time trying to decipher what that woman was thinking. He turned around and got a plane ticket from the pocket of his coat. He was distant when he tossed the ticket over and informed, “This is the air ticket to Queenston Village. Free up your time next week and fly over with me.” 
Megan was stunned when she saw the plane ticket right in front of her. She had no intention of accepting it. 
She shifted her gaze over and saw Jake’s eyes staring at her. Her anger and sorrow were all but gone when faced with the situation at hand. 
“I don’t want to go.” 
Megan knew that there was little to no point in refusing that offer, but she wanted to try, anyway. She would die if her secret was exposed.
“You don’t get to refuse this offer,” reminded Jake as he looked at her with a strange glow in his eyes. 
He’s right. I don’t get to refuse that offer. He already warned me about it. The only thing I can do is obey his commands. 
“I honestly think that you are an unreasonable man,” said Megan. She didn’t even know how she became so brave, but she had her arms crossed as she leaned against the backrest and pouted, “You won’t be held accountable for what happened last night and are treating me like a servant. I really know nothing about you. I don’t even know what I did to piss you off.” 
Jake’s expression instantly turned evil. Ah, so she is slandering me and planning to cut off all contact with me, huh? 
“You want to know what you did to piss me off? Do you really think that you fooled me that day? I never believed, even for a second, that you didn’t say those words deliberately,” replied Jake with a grouchy expression on. The surrounding aura turned the place cold immediately. 
Megan’s heart shivered. It was as if an icy blade had punctured it, and her entire body turned chilly. 
He knew all this while? Well, then why did he…? 
Jake’s gaze turned less bright when he saw how quiet Megan had turned. He was just testing the waters a little… Must she be so frightened? 
At first, he thought that Megan was rather brave. Looks like I was wrong. Even someone like Megan can’t last for more than a few days with me.
###Chapter 3229
Chapter 3229 A Gamble 
While Jake had been speaking his mind honestly, Megan’s hands were already balling up into tight fists by her side. She turned and glared menacingly at Jake. 
Unable to restrain herself, Megan roared with fury, “Do you really think I’m harassing you on purpose? I’ve only met you that one time at the audition! If I wanted to take advantage of you, why would I have waited until everything was over to make a fuss? Mr. Wilson, you think too highly of yourself! I don’t want to see you ever again!” 
Megan paused. Even after that speech, Megan felt that she had only managed to partially vent out the resentment she had accumulated. There was nonetheless still a significant amount of rage brewing within her. 
Megan, however, knew that she had to tread carefully. Every word she uttered was part of a gamble. 
If Jake was merely testing Megan, those words would have undoubtedly lessened his suspicions. On the other hand, Jake might very well take Megan at her word and keep his distance from Megan. If he went looking for Mia, Megan’s plans would be completely undone. 
It was also possible that Jake had already realized but was biding his time. Meanwhile, he continued quietly, almost unobtrusively prodding Megan to uncover her motives. Megan hoped that what she had just unleashed on him would diminish the threat that Megan posed in Jake’s eyes. 
If Jake found out that Megan was lying to him, however, all would be lost. Megan’s careful planning would have been for nothing then. 
“Is that so?” Jake replied skeptically, arching an eyebrow.
The events that Megan had clumsily orchestrated were etched in Jake’s memory. However, he found himself deeply affected by what Megan had said and was compelled to investigate her further. Realizing that he was still lacking in concrete proof, Jake had decided to further his interaction with Megan. 
Over these past few months of getting to know Megan, Jake had begun to question if she was really the girl he’d met that day. 
Even if Jake could not exactly put a finger on what seemed amiss, he could not resist repeatedly testing Megan. 
Jake was ultimately resolved to get to the bottom of this mystery. He did not enjoy the feeling of being deceived. 
In the uncomfortably hushed car, Megan frowned, struggling to guess at the thoughts that lay beneath Jake’s stony exterior. Suppressing the urge to evade his piercing gaze, Megan willed herself to meet Jake’s eyes. 
“Yes,” Megan replied. That single utterance had required all of the courage within her. 
She could instantly feel Jake loosen up. 
Guardedly, Megan examined Jake’s face closely. Is he finally going to give up? she agonized. 
A heavy silence hung between Jake and Megan. Just when Megan was beginning to feel despair, Jake suddenly turned to her and spoke. 
“If that’s your answer, all I can say is that I can’t prove anything. I don’t have the desire to, either,” Jake said lightly.
He sounded unconcerned but alarm bells were ringing in Megan’s mind. She peered with bewilderment at Jake, whose face lay half-concealed in shadow. 
It was a trap! Megan concluded with a start. 
Jake had never been interested in Megan’s attitude or whether she was agitating him on purpose. Jake had all along been intent on forcing an answer out of Megan that she was already determined not to reveal. 
Startled, Megan gazed at Jake in disbelief. She had not anticipated him to be quite so cynical. 
Jake had first used the plane tickets to bait Megan, then cornered her. However, Jake had released Megan upon hearing her simple explanation. Megan felt as if Jake had been toying with her. 
“Mr. Wilson, I think you’re overthinking things,” Megan offered politely. 
The corners of Jake’s mouth curled up into a smirk. He tossed the plane tickets he had been holding to Megan, then retorted, “You’re the one who’s overthinking. I already know everything that has happened. If you’re truly Megan, I won’t hold you accountable for anything. Of course, if you’re lying to me, you’ll suffer for it.” 
Jake spoke in a low voice so menacing that it was almost a growl. Megan’s heart plummeted.
###Chapter 3230
Chapter 3230 Confession 
Megan stared down at the plane tickets that Jake had flung at her, thoughts clamoring in her mind. 
What does Jake know? Megan wondered, her heart racing wildly. 
Megan was depending entirely on Jake’s loss of memory. If Jake had only been pretending to have forgotten, and there was a possibility of him exposing the truth, Megan was entirely impotent. 
At the thought, Megan felt her heart grow as heavy as a stone. She hurriedly steered the conversation to another topic to allow herself some respite. 
“Why are you bringing me to Queenston Village? I’ve only been there a few times before,” Megan said. 
Jake gave Megan a wry look and said nothing. 
Despite having probed for nearly the entire day, Jake was nowhere closer to establishing Megan’s true motives. The only fact he was certain of was that Megan had come seeking Jake especially. As for whether it was for personal reasons or otherwise, Jake was still in the dark. 
No matter what Megan claimed, Jake had no way of confirming or denying her statements. All Jake could do was to get closer to Megan while remaining wary of her. 
Jake thus replied frankly, “I’ll be honest with you. I’m Gabe, the one you’ve been referring to all this while. I have no recollection of the past at all. But if you think you can get away with tricking me, let me first warn you that you’re no match for the consequences I’m ready to inflict. If you’re approaching me with an ulterior purpose, I won’t let you leave my sight until I uncover the truth. Let these plane tickets be a token of our agreement, then.” 
A token of our agreement?
Megan slowly curled her fingers around the plane tickets, furiously contemplating the situation. Jake was slowly but surely closing in upon her. The only benefit Megan could conceive of was that Jake had no attention left to spare on Mia. 
The thought did not comfort Megan. She remained nonetheless terrified that once Jake found out the truth, she would be done for. 
Megan shook her head, hastily trying to calm herself down. After all, Megan consoled herself, these fears have not yet been realized. She massaged her temples and squeezed her eyes shut. It was as if Megan was trying to ward off the rest of the world and the future looming over her head. 
“You’re Gabe?” Megan finally managed. She gaped at Jake with a look of feigned surprise. Jake, who had been watching Megan’s reaction closely, looked rather pleased with the effect his revelation seemed to have had on Megan. 
“Shouldn’t you have heard of this before? Anyway, it’s not important to me anymore. You don’t have to pretend, either. You’re not as good an actress as you think you are,” Jake said coolly. 
Megan was momentarily flustered by Jake’s casual denouncement. He had evidently seen through Megan completely. The only questions that remained in Jake’s mind were whether she was really Megan, as well as what her motives were. 
At that moment, Megan felt an incredible urge to confess everything to Jake. She was tired of the deception, and she didn’t think that Jake would do much to her at present, even upon finding out the truth. 
Megan took a deep breath. “Forget it. I’m tired of running around in circles. I knew that you were Gabe, just as I am indeed Megan. I didn’t want to say it before because I was worried about the trouble that might ensue. Since you’ve already found out, there’s nothing more for me to hide from you,” she conceded.
Jake considered Megan’s calm demeanor. She did not look as if she was lying. 
Since Megan had admitted that she’d arranged for their coincidental meeting, after all, Jake figured that he could investigate his other suspicions about Megan. He narrowed his eyes in deep thought. 
Jake turned to look out at the trees flashing past his window. He felt a desolate emptiness surge within his heart and overwhelm him. He sighed deeply, then said, “It’s just as well that you’ve confessed. I don’t like being lied to. I’ll reserve my opinions for now until you can fill up that gap in the past, otherwise…” 
Jake paused. Megan looked at the forlorn expression on his face and felt troubled. 
“Otherwise what?” she prompted uneasily. 
“Nothing.” Jake raised his head, then set his jaw firmly. “Keep the plane tickets. Now that we’re heading to Queenston Village, let’s visit your house. There’s a lot more that I still don’t know about you.”
###Chapter 3231
Chapter 3231 Scripts 
Megan bit her lip, resisting the compulsion to ask Jake what exactly he wanted to know about her. Lowering her eyes, Megan wondered to herself what Jake was planning to do next. 
There’s no point in knowing anyway! Megan thought to herself wryly. She had already laid her cards out on the table. It was up to Jake to make the next move. 
Megan got out of Jake’s Mercedes-Benz and walked slowly back to the house with a distraught look on her face. In her hands, she tightly clutched the plane tickets that Jake had given to her. 
The moment Megan pushed open the door, Donna bolted over and clung onto Megan tightly. 
Almost suffocated by the urgency with which Donna hung onto her, Megan breathlessly struggled for air. 
“Donna! Are you determined to strangle me to death?” Megan gasped, panting. 
Upon hearing Megan’s pleas for help, Donna immediately let go of Megan. However, she proceeded to pummel Megan’s shoulders, wailing hysterically, “I will! You didn’t return any of my calls all night and I couldn’t find you anywhere! Do you know how worried I was?” 
Megan froze. Recalling the previous night’s events, a look of perturbation appeared on Megan’s face. However, Megan wiped it off almost as quickly as it had appeared. 
“Don’t cry. Aren’t I doing just fine now? I didn’t return your calls because my phone battery depleted. We went barhopping last night and got a little tipsy with excitement,” Megan soothed, dabbing at the tears rolling down Donna’s cheeks. Gazing into Donna’s eyes that were swollen with crying, Megan felt rather moved.
At least Megan knew that there was someone who truly cared for her. Her rather icy heart softened somewhat at that moment. 
Resolutely, Megan vowed to herself that she would succeed not just for herself but for the sake of her fans and those who still loved and cared for her. 
“OK, Megan… just let me know earlier in the future,” Donna said helplessly as Megan pulled her over to the sofa to take a seat. 
As Megan continued muttering words of reassurance to Donna, her eyes swept over the room. Megan’s gaze landed on a stack of scripts littered over the table. 
Recognition dawned upon Megan. Donna hadn’t joined her last night because she’d been discussing upcoming scripts with producers and directors. 
Even though Megan had been propelled to fame by her role in Transcendent, the popularity would diminish as the series ended. Megan would have to continually seek out roles to stay relevant and upgrade her acting skills. 
“Are these scripts the ones that you’ve approved of?” Megan inquired eagerly of Donna. 
Megan picked up the scripts and flipped through them. None of the names looked familiar to her, and Megan privately doubted the potential of these scripts to achieve wide acclaim. 
“I haven’t approved of them, exactly. I merely went to gather your options so you could decide if you wanted to feature in either high-profile or budget films,” Donna explained. 
Megan looked at Donna bemusedly, raising her eyebrows. Having honestly apprised her own skills and popularity, Megan didn’t foresee herself ascending to any tremendous celebrity status. Both investors
and directors alike had a keen nose for star appeal and would likely have already deduced that Megan’s fame was not of the enduring sort. 
Megan, however, did not want to dampen Donna’s spirits. Curiously, she asked, “I’m interested. What’s the highest sum per episode that you’ve been quoted?” 
Seeing Megan’s interest, Donna, too, flipped through her notebook passionately and showed Megan her negotiations. “Take a look. The highest offer comes from a variety show called Let’s Run! They’ve taken a great interest in you and are proposing to pay you two hundred thousand per episode.” 
Two hundred thousand would have sounded luxurious in most other occupations, but it constituted a measly offer for an actress. 
Fortunately, Megan did not belong to any agency and was free to accept any jobs she pleased. 
Agreeably, Megan replied, “OK, let’s do it then.” 
Donna hesitated. She nudged another script forward, then said uncertainly, “Why not do the television series? Audiences aren’t that interested in variety shows nowadays.”
###Chapter 3232
Chapter 3232 Like A Child On Christmas Day 
Seven years ago, besides a few renowned variety shows that were more popular with teenagers, older audiences were absolutely unfamiliar with the concept of variety shows. 
Over the years, however, as the influence of international media slowly trickled in, local television channels exploded with a wave of variety shows. Among these, Let’s Run had emerged as the undisputed crowd favorite. 
Most importantly, Let’s Run extended beyond its initial season, and was the ideal platform for any actress to cultivate a loyal following. Having considered this, Megan knew that that starring in this show was an opportunity she could not miss. 
Megan, however, saw no need to delve into details with Donna. 
Instead, Megan answered breezily, “Each has its own benefits, I suppose. Since I’d already acted in a television series before, I thought I would try my hand at something different.” 
Seeing that Megan had already made up her mind, Donna said resignedly, “I’ll arrange for an audition then. It’ll only be in a month or so, though, so you’re booked for other commercial advertisements and brand endorsements in the meantime.” 
“Thank you, Donna,” Megan said simply, her eyes shining with gratitude. Even though Megan was Donna’s first client, Donna’s professionalism and dedication had far exceeded Megan’s expectations. Donna must have had undergone great trials to secure so many opportunities for Megan. 
I can’t let Donna down! I have to work hard, Megan swore to herself. 
Noon arrived in the blink of an eye, and Donna and Megan had prepared a simple fare.
Just as they were sitting down to lunch, however, the doorbell rang abruptly. Both Donna and Megan jumped a little before exchanging nervous glances. Megan then stood up and strode over to the door. 
“Who’s there?” she called. 
“I’m here to deliver some items from Mr. Wilson.” A clear voice rang out from behind the door. 
Megan’s apprehension gave way to stupefaction. She froze for a moment, then peered through the peephole. A deliveryman was indeed standing before the door laden with parcels of various sizes. 
Megan quickly opened the door, only to be greeted by the look of fatigue on the deliveryman’s face as he staggered forward, laden with the weight of his goods. Flabbergasted, Megan asked, “Are all of these from Jake?” 
“Yes, Ms. Rockford. He wanted me to deliver these personally to you. There’s another shipment of clothes waiting downstairs. My colleague will be bringing it up shortly,” the deliveryman replied, wiping a stream of perspiration from his brow. 
Megan was unable to detect any further hints from the deliveryman’s factual tone. She gaped at the packages that filled the doorway. And there’s another shipment of clothes besides? Megan mused. Is there even enough space in here to contain all of it? 
“Wait! I want to reject this delivery,” Megan announced, finally finding her voice amidst her amazement. 
“Please don’t, Ms. Rockford! Mr. Wilson will surely take me to task if you reject his gifts,” the deliveryman immediately pleaded. His professional veneer suddenly crumbled, and he looked terrified at the thought. 
Weakly, Megan turned to Donna for help. Donna, however, had no solution for Megan’s quandary.
“Why don’t you leave these packages here and bring the rest of the clothes back? I’ll inform Jake myself,” Megan suggested, unwilling to detain the deliveryman any further. 
It was all Megan could do at the moment. The deliveryman, however, could not be persuaded to leave so easily. Megan had to reassure him multiple times that she would speak to Jake on his behalf. 
Megan observed rather wryly that Jake had evidently struck a note of terror in the deliveryman’s heart. 
It took nearly twenty minutes for the combined efforts of the trio to finish hauling all of the packages indoors. After they had bidden farewell to the deliveryman, Megan shut the door and turned to look at the now fully occupied living room. Her head throbbed. 
“Let’s open them quickly. They’re taking up too much space here,” Megan groaned aloud. 
The contents of the packages were of absolutely no interest to Megan. She felt no delight or excitement in opening them, but was instead rather disdainful of Jake’s flagrant spending. 
Donna, however, squealed in rapturous glee. Like a child on Christmas morning, she had seized a pair of scissors and was rapidly attacking the tape on the packages, ripping them open enthusiastically. 
“Wow, Megan! It’s the newest handphone model! Mr. Wilson’s even sent two of them to you in different colors,” Donna gushed. 
Donna had opened one of the boxes and immediately began fussing over it. Megan’s reaction, however, remained rather muted. She casually cast a glance at the boxes that Donna was clutching in both hands but remained otherwise uninterested. 
After seven years, Megan no longer felt compelled to keep up with the latest technology.
###Chapter 3233
Chapter 3233 Plotting For Revenge 
Megan kicked at one of the boxes in her way. She lowered her head as she recalled their earlier conversation in the car. She replied distractedly, “Yay, that’s great. We’ll take one each, then.” 
Donna’s excitement was a search far cry from Megan’s depressed state. 
Eventually, Donna seemed to notice that something was amiss. She turned around and spied a somber Megan partially hidden behind the stacks of boxes that filled their room. 
She gave her brand new smartphone one last admiring gaze before placing it down. She approached Megan warily. “Megan, what’s wrong? Is there something weighing on your mind? What happened yesterday? Did Mr. Wilson do something?” 
“No,” Megan answered solemnly as she plonked herself down on the sofa. Her gaze landed briefly on a smartphone box containing the latest search iPhone 4. 
Turning her head away, she rested her head in her hands. After some thought, she blurted, “There was a small incident last night when we were singing. Melissa drugged my drink.” 
Time had not dampened her recollection of Anderson’s words last night. She could clearly recall how he had told her about Melissa’s admission of her plans to drug Megan. 
Even if she were to chalk up all the previous incidents to pure coincidence, last night was definitely Melissa’s selfish plot for revenge. 
She wants to do Mr. Whittemore a favor by offering me as a tribute. 
Cracks began to appear in Megan’s calm fa?ade. If Mr. Whittemore had slept with me, I’d be haunted by this memory forever.
Though nothing had happened in the end, Megan could not forgive Melissa’s attempt at manipulating her. I’ll make her pay. 
“What? Melissa drugged your drink?” Donna’s eyes widened with shock and anger. Melissa’s audacity had far exceeded her wildest imaginations. 
“Who does she think she is?” 
Donna was infuriated. She could not bear to imagine how Megan felt last night. 
She grabbed Megan’s elbow and checked her body for any injuries. Her voice was thick with worry as she said, “Are you ok? Oh god, did anything happen when you took the drug?” 
Megan felt a bit guilty at Donna’s naive expression. Though she was not lying, she had not told her the full story. 
I don’t have the patience to explain everything again. I just want Melissa to have a taste of her own medicine. 
She held Donna’s hand in hers and shook her head. “It’s fine. I thought something was suspicious, so I didn’t drink it.” 
Donna sighed in relief at her words. She patted her chest and announced, “I’m never letting you go to a bar alone again. You might not be so lucky next time if she tries to drug you again.” 
Donna had a point, though the dangers of these social gatherings were not something an extra companion could necessarily solve. 
Megan had seen far too many men and women who fell prey to such dangers. Showbiz was never an innocent arena, to begin with.
Since Donna was clueless about these things, Megan did not want to destroy her innocence. 
She merely nodded and replied seriously, “Ok, I’ll bring you with me next time. I’m still going to make Melissa pay for what she did this time.” 
Donna was surprised at Megan’s chilling declaration. She shivered involuntarily. 
“Megan, what are you planning to do?” 
Megan let out a cold laugh as her gaze turned downright frosty. “Give Rocky a call, and I’ll be able to teach that Melissa a lesson.” 
Donna followed her instructions and got in touch with Rocky. Megan busied herself tidying up the boxes as she awaited Rocky’s arrival. 
Soon, Rocky arrived. When the doorbell rang, Megan asked Donna to let him in. There was an awkward tension in the air as Megan and Rocky settled themselves on the sofa.
###Chapter 3234
Chapter 3234 Of Favors And Threats 
“You’ve done well for yourself, Mr. Quick.” 
Megan’s eyes traveled lazily across Rocky’s figure. The arrogance in his eyes was plain to see. 
He no longer looked like the struggling lad she had known before. The only thing that remained was his prideful demeanor. 
“That’s nothing compared to your achievements, Ms. Rockford. You’re one of the most popular stars these days. Why, you’re even giving Mia a run for her money! Your abilities are truly extraordinary.” 
Rocky had kept his eyes glued to his phone throughout their entire exchange. He had not glanced at Megan even once since walking through the door. 
Megan smirked at his behavior. His arrogance is understandable. After all, he went from a nobody to an absolute big shot. I can put up with it as long as he’s not going to be an *ss about it, though he’s really testing my patience now. 
Megan pushed aside the items cluttering her coffee table. She narrowed her eyes at him. The harsh lighting in the living room only served to accentuate the serious expression on her face. 
She said, “I’m not going to beat around the bush. I need you to dig out a scandal on Melissa Cohen.” 
“Melissa Cohen?” 
Rocky paused in the middle of his phone game. He lifted his head and frowned at Megan. 
“If you’re begging me to break a scandal, why must you pick some C-list celebrity? It’s going to hurt my reputation.”
Megan’s expression hardened at Rocky’s complaint. 
Glaring at him, she was unimpressed by his pompous behavior. 
I’m begging him? His head must be in the clouds thanks to those scandal-fearing celebrities! Well, he’s going to have to wait a long time if he expects me to beg! 
The atmosphere became downright hostile. Rocky lifted his gaze and shuddered at the sight of Megan’s threatening stare. 
Sh*t, why does she look so fierce? 
Megan saw the shock in his features. She pursed her lips into a thin line. 
“Have you forgotten our contract?” 
Megan placed the contract she and Rocky had signed on the coffee table and pushed it toward him. 
She knew it was a smart decision to put the contract in place, or Rocky would have attempted to cut ties with her at this very moment. 
“It’s stated clearly that you must work with me for two years. I’ll give you some exclusive scoops, but in return, you must help me with any requests. Don’t forget that my last scoop launched you into stardom. If you help me this time, I’ll get you another exclusive scoop.” 
This was always supposed to be a fair trade. Megan should not have needed to pull out the contract to force his hand. 
But she was irked by his arrogance, and she wanted to use this contract to remind him about the part she played in his success.
Plus, we’re obviously business partners. There’s no need for him to be so condescending. 
“Y-you,” Rocky stuttered in disbelief. He had forgotten all about the contract as he reveled in his newfound fame. His eyes widened as he appeared to be at a loss for words. 
Megan scoffed at his stammers. “Why? Want to sue me? Be my guest. If those celebrities who’ve paid you off banded together, I’m sure they’d manage to cancel you on Twitter. Meanwhile, you can use your hard-earned money to take me to court. We can see who runs out of money first.” 
Rocky was vexed at her disdainful attitude. Even A-list celebrities treat me like their boss. How can a new star like her threaten me like this! 
Rocky fumed at the thought. Clenching his fists, he glared at Megan. 
“I’m not planning to sue you, but your behavior is unacceptable! If we really go to court, I don’t think you’d win anyway! You can kiss your showbiz dreams goodbye once I reveal all the dirty things you’ve ordered me to do!”
###Chapter 3235
Chapter 3235 Cunning Confidence 
He’s not wrong. Calmly, Megan arched a brow at his statement. 
They could only get to where they were today with each other’s help. Threatening each other was a futile attempt in cutting ties. In fact, Megan was in a much more precarious situation if Rocky decided to retaliate. 
So what? I’ve never planned on giving up anyway. 
She chuckled as she said mysteriously, “You know what? You’re right. Let’s take this to court. What a waste if we never carry out our threats, no?” 
This was Megan’s threat and final bet. 
She wanted to see if Rocky wanted to keep his rich, comfortable lifestyle more than he wanted to get one over her. 
His decision would only affect his fate. Megan still had Jake as her trump card, and he was powerful enough to pull her out of any poor situation. 
“What are you playing at?” Rocky raged. He was confused by her tactics as well as the cold yet pitiful gaze in her eyes. 
Is she really not scared of the consequences? 
Megan observed the myriad of expressions that flashed through Rocky’s features. She yawned and lazed against the sofa, looking indifferent at his impending decision. Yet, her piercing gaze was at odds with her relaxed posture.
“I’m not playing at anything. I’m telling you not to put on airs with me. I’m not scared of anything, and I’m not afraid to teach anyone a lesson they deserve.” 
Rocky shivered at the menacing words. I’m so much bigger than her in showbiz. How are her confidence and maturity far exceeding her experience? I can’t let that intimidate me into agreeing to her terms. There isn’t a scoop in this world big enough for that. 
Faced with her icy gaze, Rocky seemed to think of something. 
Smirking, he said, “Thank you for telling me this, though unfortunately, it’s information I will never use in this life. I know you’ve used the information I’ve given you to reach out to Jake. If I told him you weren’t the real Megan, how do you think he’ll deal with you then?” 
She had expected Rocky to bring this up. She was, however, surprised at how late he thought of using this information against her. 
His pleased expression did nothing to deter her. She played with her nails as she replied, “Go ahead. If you want to enter the lion’s den, you’ll need the courage to confront the lion himself. If you think you’re ready for the fallout and that your actions are necessary, be my guest.” 
Megan smiled sinisterly as her gaze swept across Rocky’s tense features. She delivered a final blow. 
“Don’t forget that you were the one who told that information. If I turned around and said that you made me do it to gain scoops from showbiz, what do you think Jake would feel about that? You should think about whose side you’re on before you drag me down.” 
The living room fell into silence. Rocky could only glare at the woman in front of him. 
Since he found fame, he had tossed Megan toward the back of his head. He could never have imagined that his actions would put him in Megan’s debt today.
She’s not so simple after all. 
Gradually, he regained his composure. He brushed his hair roughly before schooling his expression into a stiff mask. He was beginning to look at her in a different light. 
“Why do you want to know about Melissa Cohen?” 
Megan raised her brows in glee at Rocky’s eventual acquiescence. She knew her words had floored him.
###Chapter 3236
Chapter 3236 Payback 
Megan did not want to linger on the past. She turned all her attention to her plans. 
“You don’t need to know why. I need you to tail Melissa and take photos and videos of her. After you publish them, I’ll have a bigger scoop for you.” 
Megan took pleasure at Rocky’s obvious reluctance to carry out her orders. She reveled in the displeasure he felt when he had to do something against his will. 
“Fine, I can’t be bothered about it anyway. I’m leaving if there’s nothing else.” Rocky stood up and left in a hurry. 
Megan watched his hasty retreat. She only allowed her true emotions to surface once the door slammed shut. 
“Is he gone?” 
Donna had been hiding in the room and listening to their conversation through the door. She peered outside the room when she heard the front door slam shut. 
“He’s gone. You can come out now.” 
Megan waved Donna over as her eyes glazed over with exhaustion. The argument with Rocky had worn her out. 
“Hey Megan, you were so cool just now!” Donna, on the other hand, was starstruck. She’s making it sound like I was super impressive or something.
Megan was a bit baffled by Donna’s enthusiasm. “I wasn’t that impressive out there. You can stop with the praises now. Calm down. We’re going out to do something.” 
“What is it?” Donna perked up at Megan’s words. She grabbed Megan’s elbow in anticipation. 
“You’ll know when we get there.” 
They put on some disguises and left their rooms. Megan received information on Melissa’s whereabouts from Rocky, and she headed toward her location. 
I’m not going to let her escape unscathed after she tried to sabotage me. 
“Megan, we’re at the Royal Hotel. Melissa should be entertaining a guest in one of the private rooms on the forty-second floor.” Donna glanced uneasily at the tall hotel from inside the car. 
Megan could sense her nervousness and patted her on the shoulder. “You don’t need to go up. Just help me keep a lookout here. I’ll be down right after I’m done.” 
Before Donna could refuse, Megan had exited the car and rushed into the hotel. Clutched tightly in her hand was a drug she had just procured. 
Ding! The elevator doors opened on the forty-second floor. Megan walked out of the elevator and looked around. 
The hallway was empty. The red carpeting and crystal chandeliers created a wonderfully elegant atmosphere, but Megan was not in the mood to appreciate the fine design. 
Which room is she in? 
There were slightly more than ten private rooms on the forty-second floor. I can’t possibly try to peek beneath every door to figure out which room she’s in. Then how should I find her?
Megan leaned against the wall as she contemplated her next move. Just then, she was struck by an idea. 
While there were more than ten private rooms, there was only one large washroom on this floor. I’ll just camp in the washroom. 
She located the washroom with ease and hid behind one of the cubicle doors. She could see who came in from the slits between the door. 
She waited for a long time. Just when she was about to fall asleep from sheer boredom, she was jolted awake by the click-clacking sounds of a pair of heels. 
She peeped through the slits and saw a woman tidying her hair. It was Melissa. 
The sound of Melissa’s platform heels resonated through the washroom. Soon, she stopped in front of a mirror to touch up her makeup. Megan clenched her fists as she went through her plan in her mind. 
No one else is around. This is the best time for me to drug her. 
Without a hint of hesitation, she rushed out from her hiding spot, taking care to secure her cap and face mask. She clapped her hand over Melissa’s mouth in an instant, forcing the drug she had prepared into her throat.
###Chapter 3237
Chapter 3237 Revenge Is The Sweetest Medicine 
“Hey! Let me go!” 
Melissa could not tell if her assailant was a man or a woman. She struggled against Megan’s iron grip and was met with a few hard slaps in retaliation. This shocked her into submission, and she could only swallow the drug in silence. 
Megan felt the hatred in her heart dissipate once Melissa had swallowed the drugs. She supported Melissa out of the washroom, planning to send her to the top floor of the hotel. 
She knew from Rocky that Anderson was at the hotel as well. She guessed that they were planning to spend the night together after Melissa was done entertaining her guest. 
Since they were already planning for this, I’m just giving them a helping hand. 
Melissa was starting to feel woozy in the elevator. At the same time, she felt like her whole body was burning. 
She pressed herself against Megan’s cold fingers as her head drooped heavily on her shoulders. 
Megan knew that the drugs were about to take effect. She hurried toward Anderson’s private room and put Melissa down against the door. 
Anderson had a dedicated private room in this hotel. He used this room to carry out discreet affairs. 
Melissa had begun undressing as the overheating effects of the drug began to kick in. Startled, Megan quickly knocked on the door to Anderson’s room before hiding in a corner.
The door opened a short while later. Anderson stared curiously at a disheveled Melissa, who was almost sprawled across the floor. 
His lust soon overtook any logical thoughts in his mind. Melissa’s moaning spurred him into action, and he carried her into his room. 
Megan watched the situation smugly. Mr. Whittemore’s going to enjoy himself tonight. 
Megan did not linger at the hotel after that. She went downstairs to meet with Donna. 
They could not help but laugh as Megan recounted what had happened in the hotel. 
“I’m sure Melissa never thought she would get drugged herself. What a pity she’s slept with Mr. Whittemore before.” 
Donna felt satisfied at having avenged Megan’s attempted drugging. Megan’s own lips had curved up in a satisfied smirk as well. 
“That’s nothing. She’s been with countless men. The most important thing is to get all this on the Internet. I’ll feel so much better after that.” 
Megan’s expression had cooled considerably as she uttered those words. Donna felt slightly discomfited as well. Megan’s vengeful attitude is going to get her into a lot of trouble in showbiz. 
As her manager, Donna knew she would not have much sway over Megan, who had always been a strong-minded woman. 
They returned to their rented lodgings fifteen minutes later. They had just reached the stairwell when they saw a tall figure standing in front of their door. 
They exchanged a puzzled glance as they began to feel worried.
Megan froze in her tracks and frowned. She shouted across the long hallway, “Who are you looking for?” 
At the sound of her voice, the tall figure turned around. He wore a pair of shades and a face mask, and it was nigh impossible to make out his features. 
“It’s me.” The man took off his shades and mask as she looked at Megan. 
Jonas’ striking face greeted the two of them. 
“Why are you here?” 
Megan’s eyes widened in shock as she recognized him. 
Jonas pursed his lips. His blonde fringe hid the expression in his eyes. “Let’s go in. This isn’t a great place to talk.” 
Sensing the awkwardness of the situation, Donna made up an excuse to visit the supermarket and left the two of them alone in the hallway.
###Chapter 3238
Chapter 3238 Confrontation 
Megan’s emotions were all over the place as she opened the door. Her feelings for Jonas were somewhat complicated; she found herself even more befuddled after last night’s events. 
“Why are you looking for me?” Megan lowered her gaze. Strands of hair had escaped from under the black cap she was still wearing. 
Jonas took in her slightly messy appearance as he sat on a nearby sofa. 
He lightly massaged his forehead as he asked rhetorically, “Why do you think I’m here?” 
Megan refused to reply to his question. Both of them seemed reluctant to open the can of worms that defined their complicated relationship. 
“If there’s nothing important, you can leave. I need to look through some scripts today.” 
One night had caused enough damage to her relationship with Jonas. She was not in the mood to face the guilt in her heart nor express gratitude toward him. 
Relationships are complicated. 
Megan thought the best course of action would be to ignore it. 
“Looks like you’re much calmer about last night’s events than I am.” Jonas’ gaze darkened. 
Megan began fiddling with her phone on the coffee table, assuming a calm demeanor while she ignored his barb. 
Jonas could not hold back his anger at her apparent indifference. He reached out and grabbed Megan’s wrist in an instant.
“Are you avoiding me?” His features were taut with tension as he scrutinized Megan’s expression. She looked at him in shock. 
Megan was annoyed at his question. She shrugged off his grasp and put on an indifferent mask to hide her unease. “I’m not avoiding you. In fact, I don’t know why exactly I should be avoiding you. If you’re here to ask me why I disappeared last night, you don’t have to beat around the bush.” 
Since Jonas insisted on addressing the elephant in the room, she decided to confront him head-on. 
“Ok, I’ll come out with it then. Where did you go after I went upstairs?” He crossed his arms across his chest, sneering at Megan’s avoidant gaze. His feelings were a tangled mess. 
Megan had an answer prepared for that. She lifted her head and looked at him calmly. She suppressed the nervous feelings in her chest before saying, “Donna came to fetch me. She brought me home.” 
“Huh,” he scoffed as if she had just told him a joke. His eyes, however, were filled with rage. 
“If you’re telling the truth, why did I find this phone outside the door of Jake’s bedroom?” 
Megan’s spine stiffened at his question. Curling her fingers, she stared wordlessly at the phone Jonas had placed on the coffee table. It was her phone. 
Jake must have dropped it when he carried me into his room. I must have been completely conked out. 
“You weren’t drunk at all, were you? Did you run to Jake’s room when I went upstairs to get my keys? Seems like you were well-prepared last night.” 
Jonas wore a mocking expression on his face. Megan could not help but clench her fists in discomfort. 
She glanced at Jonas and pursed her lips. She did not know whether to lie or tell him the truth.
“I’ll give you two scenarios. You can decide which one to believe.” 
She sighed wearily as she organized her thoughts. No matter how long I try to avoid this, it’ll come back to bite me in the back. My relationship with Jake is already complicated. 
“The first scenario is that my phone was stolen and then accidentally left behind in front of Jake’s bedroom door. The second is that I was drugged, and Jake saved me at the last second.”
###Chapter 3239
Chapter 3239 Scandal 
Megan awaited Jonas’ reply absentmindedly. Her initial calmness had morphed into sadness. 
One could almost feel the chill in the atmosphere of the room. 
Jonas scoffed, “Why did you have to come up with such a long story to explain your actions?” 
His trust in Megan had long been destroyed by the fury and disappointment in his heart. He was struck by an urge to leave the room and this woman who was playing him with lies. His expression was at once icy and doubtful. 
Megan gave up trying to explain herself at the sight of his obvious mistrust. 
I guess this is for the best. I don’t want to be entangled with Jonas any longer and perpetually live in his debt. 
“I’m glad you think of me that way. Since you’ve satisfied your curiosity, you can leave.” 
Megan barely glanced at Jonas as she turned her entire attention to her phone. She seemed utterly unconcerned over his thoughts. Though he was puzzled by her behavior, his pride would not allow him to press her for answers. 
What more is there to say anyway? 
Still, he could not help but feel insulted at her apathy toward his feelings and opinions. 
I guess I’m just a stranger that was never worth her time. 
“Fine, I’m leaving. I hope I never see you again.”
He left behind a harsh statement to get in a final dig at Megan. She happened to look at him as he hardened his expression. Her emotions began to go haywire. 
Megan lowered her gaze. Once he leaves, we may never contact each other again. The door slammed shut with his departure, and Megan was confused with her own feelings. 
Megan suppressed the unfamiliar emotions that were threatening to overwhelm her. Instead, she turned on her new phone and began browsing mindlessly through the Internet. 
She instinctively scrolled to the trending topics on Twitter as she mulled over Jonas. Her somber mood was suddenly reversed when she caught sight of a flashy headline. 
Female Celeb Caught in R-rated Rendezvous. 
Megan’s thoughts immediately flew to Melissa when she saw the headline. Her initial concerns were forgotten as she marveled at Rocky’s efficiency. 
She clicked into the link, skimming through the article and photographs. She froze in shock when she saw a photo of Josiah in the article. 
Anderson must have kicked Melissa out of his room shortly after Megan left. Maybe he was too tired to keep up with her. Somehow, Josiah was also at the hotel. He must have decided to take advantage of the situation when he saw a horny Melissa banging down Mr. Whittemore’s door. 
Unable to afford the costs of hiring a private room at the Royal Hotel, the two of them ended up doing the deed in the hallway in a fit of passion. 
The news had exceeded Megan’s wildest imaginations. She laughed coldly at the zoomed-in and pixelated photos in the article, which had gained many comments from gossipy netizens. She commented on the post as well with her private account.
Wow, what a fox. 
Megan only wrote a simple comment. She was cautious after witnessing one too many celebrities who fell from grace after the activities on their private accounts were revealed. 
She scrolled through the comments, most of which were sarcastic barbs targeted at Melissa. 
And to think, she used to play that na?ve character on Transcendent! She should be starring in R-rated films instead! 
That’s showbiz for you. She’s not worth our mockery or our pity. There’s always going to be others after her. 
Though many comments were harsh, Megan found herself stunned by all the conspiracy theories on Melissa’s scandal. These people have way too much time on their hands. 
Megan was reveling in glee as the phone in her hand began to ring. 
Startled, she looked at the caller ID. She was suddenly reluctant to answer the call. Worried she might miss out on some important news, she eventually swallowed her pride and picked up the call.
###Chapter 3240
Chapter 3240 Unreasonable 
“Hello.” “Yeah.” 
Yeah? Who answers a call like this? 
Taking another glance at the number on her phone, Megan felt weird but also found the voice familiar, so she asked, “Who’s on the line?” 
“Who do you think I am?” The man sounded displeased. Megan was taken aback as she realized that he was Jake. 
Hence, she replied tentatively, “Mr. Wilson?” 
Hearing the way she addressed him, Jake was displeased. Turning around on his chair at the desk, he looked at a piece of painting on the wall with an indifferent gaze. 
“Did I say you can call me like that? That was not what you called me when we were in bed.” 
At this, Megan froze as her face went crimson. Why must he bring this up? How can he still talk about what happened yesterday so calmly? 
“Sorry. I forgot. So why did you call me?” Megan did not want to dwell on the form of address, so she hurriedly changed the subject. 
Sensing her annoyance, Jake raised his eyebrows and dropped the subject as he was confident that he could make her stop using such an alienated way to address him. 
“Has the stuff arrive?” 
Stuff?
Megan was stunned for a moment before she remembered that she had not told him that she had returned all the clothes. 
It’s not too late to tell him now. Holding the phone, Megan pondered about it in silence. 
Having heard no reply from her, Jake raised his eyebrows and prompted her in a louder voice, “Hey, talk to me” 
“What is there to talk about?” Megan was still in a daze. All of a sudden, she thought of something and hurriedly added, “Yeah, I’ve received them, but there are too many of them, and my place is small, so I didn’t take the clothes.” 
Hearing this, Jake knitted his brows in displeasure and tapped his fingers on the desk. Then, he asserted coldly, “You actually have the nerve to return the stuff I give you? You need to keep them even though you have no more space. Just throw out everything else in your house.” 
Hearing how unreasonable he sounded, Megan felt powerless. The longer she knew him, the more she found him to be unreasonable. 
She knew that he would make snide remarks if he did not have his way. 
Thinking of this, she got irritated and replied in a serious tone, “Don’t be so unreasonable. Besides, I don’t need so many clothes! I’m grateful that you have given me so many things, but if you give me more, they’ll become trouble for me.” 
“So this is what you think?” Her remark made him feel frustrated. Then, he thought of how happy she was when she chatted with Jonas at the store, and his blood boiled. 
“You refuse to accept the things I gave you because you want to go shopping with Jonas next time, don’t you?” he snapped angrily.
His words made her blood curdle. Clenching her fists, she felt suffocated by his controlling behavior. 
Most importantly, he mentioned the name that she did not even want to hear. 
Tucking the hair behind her ear, she was feeling awful deep down. Thus, she growled, “Mr. Wilson, can you be reasonable? I have the freedom to decide whether I should buy clothes. You don’t need to care so much!” 
Her retort instantly filled Jake with a chilling rage. 
Fortunately, Megan was not next to him, so she only noticed the long silence on the other end of the line. 
As time passed, she felt conflicted as she realized that what she said might have hurt Jake. Will this act of pushing him away make him hate me? 
All this while, the reason she did not want Jake to leave her was that she did not want him to go to Mia. Any amount of resources that came from him, who was an industry leader, could be of help in the pursuit of her career.
###Chapter 3241
Chapter 3241 Meaningless Threats 
Megan would not have wanted to get blood from a stone if she had not wanted to minimize the external factors and get ahold of a trump card for ease of going it alone. 
“Why are you so quiet?” she asked, feeling uneasy. She kept imagining the look on Jake’s face. 
After a long silence, Jake seemed to have recomposed himself as he asked icily, “What do you want me to say?” 
His cold voice made her shudder. She was at a loss for words. 
It’s still not too late to apologize to him even though I don’t think I’m wrong. I’d better give in when it’s time I do so. 
Holding back her reluctance, she stated expressionlessly, “I’m sorry that I’ve gone too far. Don’t take it to heart.” 
Her apology was void of sincerity, causing Jake to click his tongue. He was still dissatisfied, but he knew that this was the result of her giving in after spending time with her for several days. 
He scratched his head irritably as he found it harder to understand his own feelings toward Megan. 
If it was in the past, Megan would have been tortured hard by him. Yet now, he cared about what she thought while she actually had the audacity to snub and reject him. 
All these signs indicated that things had gradually gone out of his . 
Thinking of this, he recalled his hollow past. Will a person who has been abandoned by his memories be abandoned again by this kind of anticipation of wanting to be saved?
Narrowing his eyes, he replied in a low voice, “Do you think I’ll forgive you just because you apologize?” 
He sneered as he kept suppressing his suspicion of her deep down. At the same time, the vulnerability in him that he had refused to acknowledge was amplifying his emotions. 
Hearing how overbearing he was, Megan was suddenly overwhelmed by exasperation. 
What’s the point of him making such meaningless threats all the time? 
Glancing at the talk time on her phone, she no longer felt like talking to him and was wondering if she should end the call. However, she thought of the things that he had just said and got mad, so she directly hung up on him without hesitation. 
After that, she irritably threw the phone to the other end of the sofa. Sinking into the soft sofa, she put her hands over her eyes casually, feeling a weight on her chest. 
She did not understand why Jake always treated her as if she was his woman as he who had never lacked the company of women should not care about her so much. 
Although no woman would not be happy for this kind of concern that he showed, she knew that it was based on his possessiveness and not love. 
Moreover, she could not get over the fact that he had refused to give her any hope, and yet he still tried to restrict her freedom. 
Sitting up, she held a pillow in her arms and let out a sigh. Other than his perplexing behavior, she was feeling uneasy deep down.
In fact, the thing she was even more afraid of was that Jake would frame her, considering that he was so scheming. If this was just his means of testing her, she would be the one who suffered in the end. 
The more she dwelled on it, the more she thought that she was too na?ve back then for trifling with Jake merely out of her own insecurity. 
However, she knew that there was no turning back. Since she could only stay beside someone as dangerous as him, she had no choice but to bite the bullet and continue on the path while ignoring the emotions in her heart.
###Chapter 3242
Chapter 3242 Her Indifference 
Soon, one week went by. It was the day Megan and Jake would visit Queenston Village. 
The outburst Megan thought would follow did not materialize. She was glad since Jake did not show up. However, the occasional uneasiness in her heart reminded her that Jake was a time bomb. 
That morning, she was woken up by the continuous honking of a vehicle downstairs. 
At first, she thought that it was the doing of some unscrupulous drivers. It was not until she saw the twenty over missed calls on her phone that she realized that she was the reason for the honking. 
“Stop it. I’m coming now!” she shouted at the Mercedes-Benz downstairs after putting on clothes and drawing the curtain open. 
She used ten minutes to put on a simple makeup and picked up the flight ticket that Jake had given her beforehand. 
“Aren’t you going to have your breakfast, Megan?” Donna hurriedly called out to her as she saw Megan leaving the house with her bag right after she placed the breakfast on the table. 
Waving her hand, Megan took a packet of milk and stuffed it into her bag. Then, she quickly opened the door and replied, “No. Didn’t you hear the honks? It was Jake. Don’t wait for me for dinner tonight. I’ll see you the day after tomorrow!” 
Without giving Donna a chance to ask further, Megan hurriedly closed the door and ran downstairs. 
After a few minutes, she got downstairs and saw a black car. Deep down, she did not want to see Jake, but she knew that she would be doomed if she refused to see him.
Left with no choice, she could only do it. 
Taking a deep breath, she opened the car door and got in. 
“I’m here,” she directly greeted before Jake did. Holding her bag tightly in her arms, she kept her gaze down, not daring to look at the man next to her. 
Jake had been looking at the document on his laptop with his head down and did not spare a single glance at her. In the quiet space, there was only the sound of him typing on the keyboard. 
As he did not speak for a long time, Megan’s heart was no longer in her mouth. Letting out a long sigh, she found herself loosening up as she gazed out the window. 
After some time, the car came to a halt. After taking a glance at the airport, Megan was ready to get off the car when she saw her gloves on the seat. 
Just as she was reaching out to take it, she touched the hand of the man who was tidying up the documents that were scattered around the seat. 
Megan instantly retracted her hand as if she had been electrocuted, looking shifty and anxious. 
Noticing her reaction, Jake raised his eyebrows and smirked. “Are you so afraid of touching me?” 
The question caught Megan off guard. Picking up her gloves in silence, she bit her lips and said nothing. Since whatever I say is wrong, I’d better keep my mouth shut so that I won’t lose it, causing both of us to end up in a bad mood. 
Seeing her lowered her head in silence, Jake inwardly sneered. She’s learning and not talking back finally.
However, he found that his displeasure was growing. It was as though she was an eyesore to him no matter how he saw her, and yet he was reluctant to punish her. 
What’s wrong with me? 
Jake could not get his head around this question, nor could others. 
Megan, who did not want to reply to his question, looked up at his face and realized that something was off, so she hurriedly changed the subject. Looking into his eyes, she calmly said, “It’s almost time for boarding. Let’s go.” 
Hearing this, Jake stared at her as the anger he had been suppressing for days seemed to be ignited by her indifference.
###Chapter 3243
Chapter 3243 Eatery 
Jake clenched his teeth and suppressed his suspicion, not wanting to lose it. He knew that he should not have such complicated emotions since his relationship with her should be a normal employment relationship. 
Since she admitted that she was Megan, she had to stay by his side, but he had no reason to force her to care about him. 
After all, he only wanted to recover the past. 
It seemed that he had finally figured out the contradiction of his bad mood for the past few days as he instantly calmed down. Looking away from Megan’s eyes, he unhesitantly packed up his things and got out of the car. 
Seeing this, Megan hurriedly followed him but kept a short distance from him. 
They boarded the plane not long after they got out of the car. Silence hung between them throughout the journey. Megan was secretly glad about it but got increasingly anxious later. 
She did not know what was on Jake’s mind as he was not a man that could be easily fathomed. 
After about five hours of flight, they finally reached the airport nearest to Megan’s village, where they still had to take the bus to reach. 
Therefore, Megan decided to take Jake to eat something at a nearby restaurant before taking the bus. 
“What do you say we eat here?” Megan asked as they stood in front of an eatery that looked kind of shabby.
Jake glanced at it indifferently and pursed his lips with a look of dissatisfaction in his eyes. 
“Go ahead. I’m not going.” 
Megan knew he would say so. Sighing, she touched her growling stomach and tried to talk him into eating together. 
Looking up at his eyes, she persuaded with a tired look on her face, “This eatery is considered clean around here. Don’t be picky. We still have to be on the bus for about 3 hours later. You’re not made of steel.” 
She did not have her breakfast that day and only took a packet of milk. Although she had her in-flight meal, it did not taste good. 
Hearing her words, Jake glanced down at her in silence and walked over to stand under the shade of a tree. His upright posture and good look attracted the attention of many passersby. 
As her persuasion failed, she directly went into the eatery and ordered some pasta while complaining to herself. I guess bosses like him are different from me and won’t visit this kind of small eatery. 
After a while, the eatery owner served her the food that looked delish. When she was about to dig in, she could not help but look at Jake, who was still standing under the shade scrolling through his phone, wondering if she should go and get him to eat together. 
As she contemplated it with a frown, she stared at him and got mesmerized by how attractive he was. 
Finding herself drooling over him yet again, she averted her eyes and did not want to admit the fact that she had again fallen for him due to his good look. 
Taking a deep breath, she got up and signaled to the boss before she walked out of the shop.
“Come on. You’ll really be hungry later if you don’t eat now.” Standing before Jake, Megan tugged at his sleeve with a look of hesitation and uncertainty in her eyes. 
Jake stopped scrolling the phone and looked up at her, finding himself tensed up again. 
Lowering his head back down, he pursed his lips as one look from Megan had brought back the sense of irritation in him. 
As though trying to get rid of this feeling, he pulled away from her gently while his glum feeling was well-hidden in his downcast eyes.
###Chapter 3244
Chapter 3244 Garret 
“Don’t touch me. Mind your own business. Leave me alone.” 
Megan froze. All of a sudden, she recalled Jake’s question in the car. 
Is he acting like this to upset me because of that? 
Megan found it funny that Jake seemed to have a childish side to him. 
Chuckling, she used her finger to touch Jake’s while the gloomy look in her eyes had been replaced by heartwarming enthusiasm. 
“Come on, don’t torture your stomach. We can always talk after we eat.” 
Megan’s relaxed and cheerful tone stupefied Jake as he happened to look up and met her eyes. He had no idea when she had changed the expression on her face as she had always put on a sullen face in front of him. 
“I don’t want to go,” Jake replied calmly. He did not even notice that his mood was getting better as he simply declined her invitation out of instinct. 
Hearing his reply, Megan tilted her head and gave it a thought. An idea popped into her head as she decided to run back into the eatery and take the pasta out. 
She held the plate of pasta before Jake and looked at him earnestly. 
“Look. It smells so good. Come on. Let’s go inside and eat. After that, we’ll go to Queenston Village.” 
Jake looked down at the pasta and still had no appetite. Then, he looked into Megan’s eyes and suddenly found it hard to say no to her.
It was the first time she had begged him to do something, so he was feeling a little delighted deep down. 
“Okay,” he replied crisply, but he never took another look at the pasta as he kept his gaze on the smile on her face. 
He had never known that she could also have such a bright smile that illuminated his secret dark past and filled up the hole in his heart. 
It seems that she’s different from those “single-use” women, right? 
Though pacified, the desire in his heart could still be stirred. As he gazed into Megan’s eyes, the source of his inexplicable emotions dawned on him. 
Is it love? But that’s an overstatement. What he knew was that it was an emotion stronger than the desire to and that it was something that he had needed all this while. 
“Great. I like you being so decisive.” Megan was in a good mood. Although she sensed the change in Jake’s emotions, she did not want to dwell on what he was thinking. 
At this moment, she only wanted him to eat because of the butterflies that he gave her earlier. 
As the two of them suppressed their emotions respectively, Megan pulled Jake, who was still a little reluctant, into the eatery. To the outsiders, they were like any other couple. 
However, both of them knew deep down that they could only assume their original positions when they left this place. Their suspicions and clash of personalities could only be proved by time. 
After half an hour, Megan and Jake left the eatery and took the bus to head for her village.
The path was winding, so Megan, who had not returned for a long time, had a hard time throughout the journey. As soon as she got off the bus a few hours later, she threw up. Her stomach churned, making her feel miserable. 
Worried, Jake knitted his brows and handed her two bottles of water to rinse her mouth. 
“Have you always been this weak?” 
Shaking her head, Megan suppressed her nausea feeling with a frown and explained, “It’s been a long time since I took such a long bus ride. It’s okay. We should get going as it’s getting late.” 
There were no street lights in the village, and beasts were also often spotted in the forest; so Megan wanted to get back to her house as soon as possible. However, the thought of seeing Garret filled her with disgust.
###Chapter 3245
Chapter 3245 Boss Of Mia 
“Why do you look unhappy?” Jake purposely asked as he helped Megan up and raised his eyebrows. 
Megan sighed with a helpless look on her face. “I wouldn’t have come back at all if you’ve not asked me to come back. I don’t miss anything here.” 
Her response was what Jake expected. When he suggested coming back to Queenston Village and visiting Megan’s house, he had noticed that the look in her eyes spoke of irritation and not panic. 
It was also for this reason that he gave Megan the benefit of the doubt. 
“We’re gonna reach soon. It’s right there.” Megan pointed at one of the brick houses. Looking in the direction she was pointing, Jake was a little shocked. 
As he had found out, Megan’s family was poor. The houses around her house all had at least two stories, but hers was still just a simple single-story house. 
The two of them walked along the rugged mountain road for fifteen minutes before they finally came to the flat land in front of Megan’s house. A middle-aged woman, who was sitting outside the house, was stunned for a moment upon seeing the two of them. The next second, the look on her face became menacing. 
“Megan Rockfard, why did you come back, you brat!” 
Garret did not forget that Megan had set her stuff on fire before she left. Previously, she insisted on going to the city. Now that she shamelessly comes back with a man, it can’t be anything good. 
“Calm down, Mom.” Megan felt embarrassed yet powerless. She did not want to come back, but she knew that she could not allay Jake’s doubts if she did not come back.
Hearing Megan’s words, Garret went mad. How dare this brat tell me what to do after coming back from the city? Taking a broom on the side, she charged at Megan, wanting to hit her like how she did when the latter was a kid. 
“So what if I don’t calm down? Are you afraid of being judged by others for coming back with a strange man?” 
Seeing her running over in a huff, Megan immediately dodged, whereas Jake frowned, not expecting her mother to be so fierce. 
“Stop it.” Jake easily stopped Garret’s waving hand with a grim expression on his face. “Is this what you do as a mother?” 
The man had an imposing presence. However, Garret had gone through a lot in life as a single mother; so she was not afraid of him at all. 
Pointing at his face, she lashed out, “Don’t you think that you can criticize me just because you dress so well. I may not have seen as much of the world as you city folk do, but I know exactly why you are here. You’re not going to get any money from me!” 
It was apparent that Garret was uncultured as she had no idea that the cost of Jake’s outfit could buy her food that lasted for a couple of years. 
Feeling awkward, Megan hurriedly went to stand between the two of them and whispered into Garret’s ear, “He’s a big boss in the city, Mia relies on him for her career. Your disrespect for him will ruin Mia’s future.” 
What Garret cared about the most was her own daughter. Upon hearing what Megan said, she immediately put on a different expression as she scrutinized Jake for some time. In the end, she threw
away the broom and went up to him simpering. 
“I apologize for my behavior earlier. I really didn’t know that you’re Mia’s boss. Please, come in and have some tea.” 
Jake was struck dumb by her sudden invitation, so he looked at Megan, who gestured for him to go in. 
At the foyer, Garret served Jake a cup of tea but did not give Megan anything. The latter did not mind as she simply sat down on a chair. 
Seeing that Megan used her stuff, Garret was displeased deep down, but she kept quiet as she was eager to ask about Mia.
###Chapter 3246
Chapter 3246 Fight 
“Boss, how’s Mia doing now?” 
Pursing his lips, Jake replied truthfully, “Pretty good. Starling Media is promoting her. Our company has also signed several commercial deals with her.” 
At this, Garret’s face lit up. However, her face soon clouded over after she glanced at Megan. Then, she reached out to grab Jake’s arm as she was eager to ask him more questions, but the latter avoided her grip. 
“Boss, I wanna know when Mia can act in TV series?” Garret did not mind that he had avoided her touch and gave him an earnest look. 
Her question made Megan feel pleased. She must have watched me in Transcendent and got very disappointed as she didn’t see her daughter in the series. Hah. 
Jake, who knew exactly why she asked so, replied calmly, “So far, I’ve never heard of any news about it, but I’m not so sure about it as I’m not close with her.” 
Garret was caught off guard. The big boss isn’t close with Mia, so he’s close with Megan? 
Thinking of this, Garret shot Megan a cold look as she pointed at her and yelled, “Even she can act in a TV series, but why can’t my daughter act in one? In terms of appearance, everyone in this village likes my daughter!” 
Seeing how agitated Garret was, Jake had nothing more to say. After all, he came here just to see if Megan’s house was really in Queenston Village.
Just as he was about to leave with Megan, a shrill voice of a woman was heard saying from outside the house. “Hey, Garret, I see you have an esteemed guest today!” 
Megan looked in the direction of the door and saw a fashionably dressed middle-aged woman entering the house. 
“What esteemed guest? Nonsense!” Garret looked up and saw that it was her neighbor, Gertha Hill. Shooting Megan an angry glance, she added, “It’s clearly a liability!” 
Gertha knew how Garret felt about Megan, so she said nothing and merely smiled while landing her piercing gaze on Jake. 
“Oh, I was talking about this esteemed guest. I thought I heard you call him big boss or something!” 
Jake felt uncomfortable with such kind of flattering words. Their way of addressing him made his status appear subservient and mediocre. 
Noticing the glint in Gertha’s eyes, Garret knew what she was up to. Sneering, she glanced at her and warned, “Come on. Look at the wrinkles on your face! If I tell your husband, he’ll surely beat you to death!” 
Having her intention exposed by Garret, Gertha forced a laugh and immediately explained, “You’re overthinking it. I just came over to take a look because my eldest daughter is still unmarried.” 
“Well, you can stop looking. This is Mia’s man!” 
Sitting on the side, Megan found their squabble amusing. She then glanced at Jake and saw the grim look on his face. She knew that he was about to fly into a rage. 
“Can you shrews shut the hell up?”
As expected, Jake lost it and rose to his feet, his tall figure appeared formidable in the small space. 
Both Garret and Gertha were startled and instantly fell silent as they just stared at his stern face. 
“I don’t belong to any of your families. Believe it or not, I want your families to be ruined right now.” 
He had never suffered such a humiliation. I can’t believe two country dwellers fight over me like I’m a cheap cabbage! 
He shot a glance at Megan, who was stifling a laugh and became even grumpier. Pushing aside the chair in front of him forcefully, he walked straight out in frustration.
###Chapter 3247
Chapter 3247 You Are The Vixen 
Seeing him leave, Megan was about to follow out when Gertha stopped her and asked, “Megan, what did you do to lure such a man to your house. Can you teach me?” 
Megan could not help being disgusted by Gertha, who kept wanting to mess around despite being in her late forties already. She obviously doesn’t listen to what Jake’s just said. 
Holding back her revulsion, she glanced at Garret and replied with a chuckle, “Well, Gertha, you should ask Mia instead. But, she failed though.” 
At this, Garret instantly blew up. With a menacing expression on her face, she glared at Megan and hit out. “What nonsense are you spouting, you brat? My Mia is so much prettier than you are. You’re clearly the vixen!” 
Megan did not try to argue as she asserted calmly, “Yes. She wanted to use her good look to get Jake’s attention. However, he seems to have some eye problems as he likes me more.” 
As Jake was not there with them, Megan was not afraid of telling some lies. Seeing how much Megan had changed, Gertha was struck dumb. 
“Really?” she muttered, seemingly contemplating the truthfulness of Megan’s words. 
Gertha was not only the promiscuous woman in the village but also a big mouth, who often spread personal things about others to everyone. 
Therefore, Megan deliberately said those words to stab Mia in the back so that the others in the village would know her as someone promiscuous, regardless of whether the latter would come back.
“No! It’s not true! This b*tch is just talking nonsense! My Mia won’t ever do things like that!” Garret shouted emotionally as she defended her daughter, not wanting others to see her beloved daughter as someone like that. 
Seeing this, Megan suddenly found herself feeling bad for her. 
In the past life, Mia had only returned here once after she became popular in the city. Since then, she had never visited Garret once or brought her to the city for treatment when the latter fell sick. 
Mia kept using the excuse of being too busy and did not even show up when Garret asked to see her before her death. In the end, Megan felt sorry for her and paid for her funeral. 
Sighing, Megan shook her head with a look of sympathy in her eyes and said, “Garret, don’t be silly.” 
The recall of her past life brought a sense of compassion to Megan. After all, Garret had done a good job with her role as a mother, and yet she ended up getting lesser than she deserved. 
However, Garret did not know what Megan was thinking and thought that the latter was just trying to drive a wedge between her and Mia. She believed that she could go to the city and live with Mia for sure. 
She turned her head away in sorrow. 
Megan shook her head while Garret said calmly, “You’re the silly one. My Mia is the best.” 
Knowing that Garret would have to see the truth for herself in order for her to believe it, Megan decided to end the conversation here. Taking one last look at Garret’s gray hair, she knew that she might not return ever. 
“Hold on!” Garret was heard calling out anxiously when Megan was about to leave.
Megan turned to look at her, perplexed. 
“What’s the matter?” 
Saying nothing, Garret was no longer as cranky as she hurried into her bedroom and took out an exquisite box from the top cabinet. 
Megan stood at the door waiting, no idea what she was doing. Just as she thought Garret would come out with either a broom or a stick to beat her, the latter went up to her and handed her the box expressionlessly.
###Chapter 3248
Chapter 3248 Box 
“This is your dowry. No matter what kind of life you’re living in the future, don’t come back anymore.” 
Garret sounded calm while the look in her eyes was dull. The only thing that powered her spirit was her expectation of Mia. 
With complicated emotions in her heart, Megan looked at the colorful box, took it over, and opened it. 
There were a few pieces of jewelry in the iron box; the design of the necklace and bracelet was very old-fashioned. The bright yellow color of the jewelry was in stark contrast with the battered things around the house. 
“You still keep them.” Looking at the jewelry with mixed feelings, Megan bit her lips to hide her emotion. 
The jewelry was the dowry that her father had prepared for her before his passing. Their neighbors had been spreading rumors that Garret did not abandon Megan only because she had pocketed the dowry and felt guilty. 
Now that the once-missing jewelry had reappeared, Megan could not help but wrap her hands tightly around the box and looked at Garret with soft gaze. 
“Thank you.” 
It was the first time Megan had thanked Garret in more than ten years. Even she herself found it a little awkward. 
“You don’t need to thank me. Just don’t come to see me in the future.”
As an uneducated woman, Garret did not understand Megan’s feelings, so she waved her hand and turned to walk back into her house after speaking. 
Looking at her skinny figure, Megan thought of her ending and felt bad. 
Hence, she called out to her and reminded her, “Take care of yourself. You must go to the hospital if you feel uncomfortable in the stomach. It’s a very serious disease.” 
Garret had died of stomach cancer in the past life. Megan was emotional but did not say more as she did not want to alter others’ destinies. 
Looking at Garret with sympathy, she waved her hand and finally left the village that she had lived for more than ten years. 
The village had beautiful scenery, clear water, and blue sky, but the road was rugged. Throughout the journey, Jake and Megan barely spoke to each other, seemingly having something on their own mind. 
“What’s wrong? Are you still thinking about the eldest daughter of Gertha?” Megan looked at Jake and teased him as she did not want to dwell on the heavy stuff. 
“You’re thinking too much. And you talk too much too. After you die, you’ll still become a blabbermouth,” replied Jake meanly as he glanced at her in displeasure. 
Not really wanting to talk nonsense with him, Megan checked the time on her phone and looked up at the sky before she changed the subject. “I think we’ll be there in thirty minutes.” 
“It doesn’t bother me. Aren’t you nervous, though?” Jake tried to sound her out. 
“Not at all.” It was impossible that she did not panic. It was just that she had not completely recovered from what happened at Garret’s house earlier.
After seeing that Megan did not feign it, Jake looked away boringly. Then, he stole glances at the iron box that Megan had been holding and got curious. 
“You’ve refused to tell me what it is that you’re holding. You still don’t want to tell me now, do you?” 
Jake had been asking about it the whole time, leaving Megan annoyed. Gripping the box tightly in her hand, Megan did not want to open it at all. 
“Don’t ask. We’re almost there. Just mind your own business.” 
Then, Megan walked faster to be in front of Jake. 
Well, I’m not gonna tell him. I won’t put myself in a tight spot.
###Chapter 3249
Chapter 3249 The Most Similar 
Half an hour later, they reached Queenston Village. 
It was the place that belonged to Jake, but he became quiet as soon as they arrived. Turning to look at the sorrow on his face, Megan seemed to empathize with him in an instant. 
“Do you still remember the location of the orphanage?” Jake stopped walking and waited for an answer from Megan, who knew that it was the start of the test. 
“Over there.” 
She pointed in one direction with a look full of confidence. 
Seeing the direction she was pointing, Jake was disconcerted and was eager to test his idea. 
“Why are you so confident? Let’s go and check it out then.” 
With a calm expression, Jake took the lead to walk in front of Megan, the emotion in his eyes unfathomable. 
Megan followed him while secretly wondering if she remembered Rocky’s message wrongly. 
After a while, the two of them arrived at the former site of the orphanage. Looking at the abandoned orphanage, Megan inwardly breathed a sigh of relief. 
It seems that this is the place. Jake was just trying to bluff me. 
“I know what you’re thinking.” Sitting on a rock with a slightly hunched back, Jake stared at the dilapidated building with a confused look. “In fact, there’s another orphanage in Queenston Village, but
I built that one. Many women who posed as Megan thought that it’s the real orphanage, but they don’t know that the real one is actually this building right here.” 
At this, Megan was stunned as she did not know anything about that. Luckily, Rocky is dependable. 
“Yeah. They’re fakes so of course, they don’t know. As I told you from the beginning, I’m the real one!” 
Standing next to Jake with a determined gaze, Megan looked at the completely dilapidated building in front of her, feeling foreign. The faded paintings on the walls and broken glasses were the manifestations of the downfall of the place. 
Rising to his feet, Jake put his hands in the pockets of his coat while the turtleneck sweater covered his defined chin, revealing his pale lips. 
With a look of loneliness, he seemed to be trying to go back to the past through what was left of the building. His silence wrenched Megan’s heart as she bit her lips to stop herself from saying what she wanted to. 
At that moment, she felt like she was a bad person who wanted to use Jake’s past to achieve her own goals. However, she did not want sympathy to dictate her as she had to make her own choices. 
“Do you remember anything?” Jake calmly turned to shoot a glance at Megan. 
“It’s been too long ago. I can’t remember much. Besides, I didn’t grow up in this orphanage. I’ve also told you the little memories I have of Gabe.” 
Nervous, Megan clenched her fists, not knowing whether he would buy her excuse. 
Jake looked up at her and felt emotional, but he maintained a calm facade. “Really? If that’s really the case, I can’t do anything either. After all, you’re the most similar to Megan among others all these
years.” 
The fact that he said “most similar” and not an affirmation shocked Megan. Overwhelmed with mixed feelings, she did not know what was on his mind. 
“I don’t care how you think about it.” Megan chose to be straightforward while suppressing the anxiousness in her heart. 
Hearing her words, Jake turned to look at her, his face pale from the chilly wind. Suddenly, he chuckled and replied calmly, “Of course you don’t. Megan, it’s not that I can’t prove that you’re a fake. I just don’t want to believe that. Do you get it?” 
Megan was dumbfounded for a moment before she widened her eyes in surprise, unable to wrap her mind around what he meant by that.
###Chapter 3250
Chapter 3250 Substitute 
Megan stammered, “S-So you…” 
She could not finish her question. Looking down, she recalled the times they spent together. There’s no spark between us, but why does he say something so misleading? 
“You’re thinking too much.” Judging from her blushing cheeks, Jake knew that she had overthought it. 
Pursing his lips, he added in a calm tone, “It’s just that I need you to fill my past, and you’re also the perfect substitute for Megan so far.” 
His replay shattered all the romantic hopes Megan had deep down. She clenched her fists in disappointment and kicked the pebbles on the road embarrassedly. 
“So that’s what you really think.” 
Standing up, Jake nodded while gazing at her face that spoke of dejection. 
“That’s right. That’s exactly what I think. I’m showing you my hand here today.” 
Show his hand? Megan sneered coldly as she could not even imagine how many hands he had got. 
With a gloomy look on her face, she stated coldly, “I don’t mind if you’re showing your hand. As long as you don’t give me hope, I won’t respond to you. As for your past, it has nothing to do with me.” 
For the people who used to be emotionally invested, it was similarly easy to hurt someone and love someone. 
Megan had been exhausted by the volatility in her relationship with Jake. While she had warned herself, that she could not hold back her feelings all the time; while Jake poured scorn on her, he kept
getting close to her. 
Such capriciousness made their relationship confusing. 
Megan’s response brought a frown to Jake’s face. He stared at the woman in front of him and noticed the stubborn and aggrieved look on her face that seemed to be an expression of her dissatisfaction. 
Is there anything wrong with what I said? 
Jake did not understand why she got mad, nor could he get his head around why he cared about how she felt. This was not something he would do, but he seemed to be doing a lot of this recently. 
“There’s no need to be angry over this kind of thing. As long as you can do it, then I’ll definitely give you much more than what you can get now.” 
Seeing how aloof he appeared, Megan felt her heart go cold and looked away, her eyes dimmed with sorrow. 
“What if I say I can’t do it.” She let a contemptuous chuckle. 
The look in Jake’s eyes turned cold, his lips pursed. “What now? Are you trying to go against me?” 
She’s already insolent, and I’ve been tolerating her, but she’s really testing my limits now. 
“Yes,” replied Megan expressionlessly with dull eyes. 
Half closing his eyes, Jake forced a stiff smile as he tried hard to suppress the fury inside him. 
The two of them locked eyes, none of them refusing to look away, as if the one who did would lose. 
“Do you have to make such a choice?” Jake asked in a tone that was like a storm was brewing.
Even though Megan noticed it, she still stood her ground. 
Tilting her head, she chuckled. As a gust of wind ruffled her hair, the look in her eyes turned indifferent. Jake watched her in silence and seemed to sense a forlornness more profound than the emptiness from her smile. 
What kind of emotion is she having now? 
“This is my decision because I don’t want to be the substitute for you now. I am me, so you may want to live in the past, but I don’t.” 
Megan knew exactly what impact her words would bring as she looked at Jake with an unwavering gaze and waited for his reply.
###Chapter 3251
Chapter 3251 Little Rabbit 
What Megan went through in her past life made her absolutely loathed being manipulated by others. Hence, she refused to change her personality just for the sake of not crossing him. 
Jake evidently didn’t understand enough; Megan never cared for whether Jake disliked or disrespected her. What irked her was his unreasonable possessiveness ever since she admitted that she was Megan. He had heedlessly ordered her around to complete all sorts of random tasks. 
Megan was undoubtedly grateful for Jake’s help in the past, but it was difficult for her to remain unfazed when she felt both love and hatred for him. 
She was sick of her being stuck in this dilemma. On top of that, she had to see this man every single day. It had been a long time since she had felt so repulsed at herself—and it was all because of him. 
“Is that so? Then, you’re not at all like those previous women.” Jake’s brows tightened into a narrow gaze on her. 
Back then, women who threw themselves at him often expected something in return. Some greedily leeched onto him for benefits they could get their hands on; others opted for the gentler path of persuasion, treating him well in hopes that he would reciprocate their love. 
However, all their actions only repelled Jake. He felt that it was meaningless to be around such pathetic worshippers of wealth and power. Hence, his heavily guarded heart was set on finding someone that was unlike these power-hungry people. 
Megan was the only person who was different compared to everyone else in his memories. That remained the same until this day. 
Is she really this person who’s standing before me?
Jake’s gaze roamed over the woman standing in front of him; she had a narrow chin, fair skin, and ordinary features. Apart from her striking eyes, nothing about her appearance resembled that of a beautiful woman. However, her alluring demeanor under the moonlight piqued his attention. 
She wasn’t dressed in anything overly exposing, nor did she have a curvaceous figure. It was her gentility, her silence, as well as her tenacious presence that drew him in. They reflected in her gleaming pupils and enthralling him with every passing moment. 
His unwavering stare sent chills down her spine. She then questioned irritatedly, “Why are you looking at me?” 
The truth was that she relied on blind courage to utter such forceful words up till this point. Because deep down, she was never as confident as the face she put on. 
Should Jake continue to torture her, she could easily cut him out of her life and start anew. In any case, it wouldn’t be the end of the world for her. 
“It’s nothing.” Jake cupped his chin whilst looking up at the pitch-black sky. He continued, “It’s getting late. Let’s head back to the village.” 
In one swift motion, Jaked held Megan’s hand and led her along the moonlit path. Megan couldn’t help but gape at the broad-shouldered man’s actions. Unnerved, her hand wriggled to break free from his warm palm. 
“Are you out of your mind? Why are you holding my hand when I’ve clearly gone against you?” 
If this happened way in the past, he would have drenched her in snide comments and spat threats at her face before ditching her. Knowing this, she couldn’t understand why he behaved so out of character today.
Jake halted in his steps. The pale moonlight illuminated his maliciously glowing eyes as he turned to gaze at her. “Do you really want me to abandon you here?” 
“N-no!” Megan exclaimed. 
His threat had snapped her back to her senses. Having grown up in the mountains, Megan was well aware of the dangers posed by treacherous wildlife from deep in the mountains. So she shuffled closer behind Jake for peace of mind. 
Jake raised a brow in amusement at her sudden closeness. He had never known that she could be this adorable and frightened, like a meek little rabbit. It improved his mood in an instant. 
A sly grin curved on his face. “You’ll have to walk obediently alongside me. If you resist or cross me, then I’ll feed you to the snakes.” 
A chill crawled down Megan’s spine despite knowing that he was only joking. She quickly switched on the flashlight on her phone and leaned in closer to Jake. They stayed like this as they gradually made their way back to Queenston Village.
###Chapter 3252
Chapter 3252 Everything Fell Into Place 
“Oh no, it’s already eight. The villagers must be asleep at this hour… where do we go now?” Megan mumbled. 
Jake had held her hand securely during their journey back. She initially struggled, feeling uncomfortable with how intimate the gesture was. However, she gradually gave in as she knew that there was no escaping his hold. 
“Let’s head to a different orphanage that’s listed as one of my assets.” Jake had just sent an email and was looking up from his phone in a nonchalant manner. 
He cast a sideways glance at Megan. Her face had taken on a pearlescent glow under the moonlight, and even her lashes appeared to be dusted with fluffy speckles of snow. Warmth fluttered in his chest at the sight of this. 
Is this what it’s like to care for someone? 
Jake couldn’t believe what he was feeling; yet, it also felt right at the same time. Everything fell into place. From the moment he and Megan first met; to how he wasn’t repulsed after finding out that she deliberately approached him; and how he later felt bothered by Megan and Jonas’ relationship… 
All this had been pre-determined by destiny, but he was just too stubborn to admit it. There was only one person who could ruffle his emotions with such ease—Megan. She would bring both joy and sorrow into his life and make him the main character in his own story. 
“I was wondering why you chose to rebuild a new orphanage instead of renovating the existing one…” Megan murmured.
She was still struggling to break her hand away from his. Discomfort plagued her as if an army of ants were crawling inside her chest. 
The two navigated through the village that had slumbered away. The silver moonlight dappled around them as gusts of cold winds blew. Jake then tightened his hold on Megan’s trembling hand in an attempt to warm her up. 
He gave some serious thought to Megan’s question before answering in a casual tone, “Because I don’t want others living in the one place where I can revisit my past. There’s also another reason; there are too many Megan impostors out there. Each year, one or two people claim to be Megan. However, they end up giving themselves away when asked to point out the way to the orphanage.” 
Megan’s eyes widened at this. She couldn’t believe that he had taken the extra step to set up such defensive measures. 
Unable to hold herself back, she looked up at him. Conflicted emotions washed over her as she felt both terrified yet relieved by the warmth that radiated from his palm into hers. 
Megan felt even more conflicted when she considered the many dire consequences of lying to him. Shrugging inwardly, she decided that it was pointless to worry about all that at this point. All she could do was purse her lips in silence. 
It was unclear how long they had been walking, but Jake eventually slowed to a halt and glanced back at an absent-minded Megan. Concern got the best of him as he leaned in closer to her. 
“What’s wrong?” he asked. 
Exhaling a misty cloud into the air, his warm breath tickled her frozen skin. Megan was confused about what he meant. By the time she snapped out of her daze, his handsome face had already leaned in front of hers.
Megan was stunned momentarily. A bright scarlet burned across her cheeks as she felt a rapid pounding in her chest. Cringing, she then whipped her head in the other direction—all because of Jake’s sudden approach. 
Megan desperately wanted to get out of this situation, so she pulled on a straight face and changed the topic. “I’m fine. Have we arrived?” 
Jake decided against questioning her unnerved reaction, lest it made things more uncomfortable between them. He shrugged and turned to look at the orphanage ahead. 
“Yeah. This is the newly built orphanage that I own in Queenston Village. I’ve already contacted them earlier, so we’ll be staying here for today.” 
Megan wasn’t used to hearing him speak in such a toned-down manner which was nothing like his past arrogance. She curiously glanced up at Jake’s protruding cheekbones, feeling as if his current and past personalities were as different as night and day. 
At this, Megan felt even more conflicted about her love and hatred for him. It was like her heart had lost its way in a dense fog, she wasn’t sure if it was right to go on like this; yet, she also wanted to stay this way with him forever. 
Perhaps it was because Herman was the perfect man she had ever dated in her past life. Hence, the current Megan was extremely picky when it came to sifting through flawed men. Although Jake’s personality was by no means a good one, she felt that he certainly wasn’t a flawed man either; at least he lived his life according to his wishes. He was not even afraid of showing his true emotions when it came to Megan. 
Megan chuckled dryly at the thought of this. If the real Megan finds out that I’m basking in Jake’s care and concern that should have belonged to her, I bet she and Jake would hunt me down alive.
###Chapter 3253
Chapter 3253 Pay The Children A Visit 
However, this would be a problem for another day since they hadn’t discovered that she was a fake yet. Megan knew that she was playing with fire by lingering around Jake. However, she couldn’t help being drawn to him. 
“Looks like a good place to rest up for the night.” Megan smiled briefly whilst casting a calm gaze at him. 
Jake raised his eyebrows at her brisk approval but didn’t say anything else. He then made a quick call to inform someone that they had arrived. Immediately after, the security guard came and unlocked the gate. 
The guard then locked the gate again once the two went in. As they stepped foot inside, Megan examined her surroundings in one glance. She soon realized that the orphanage had unexpectedly occupied a large piece of land. 
Jake peeked at Megan, whose attention was still immersed in the orphanage’s environments. He was intrigued by how her eyes darted around whilst her lips parted slightly in awe. 
Amusement swelled in him as he asked in a calm voice, “You seem to be really taken by this place.” 
Megan pulled back her gaze right then. She cleared her throat before shaking her head in dismissal, “No. I’m just curious about this place.” 
Jake lifted a brow at her response but didn’t pursue the topic any further. 
“It’s getting cold out here. We should head inside.”
Megan nodded and allowed him to lead the way. Once more, he held her hand as they ascended the stairs to the director’s office on the third floor. 
The cold winds howled furiously outside the building. Megan and Jake were surprised to see that the director’s office door wasn’t closed. They let themselves in and soon noticed that the director was busy answering a call. 
“You’re still working hard at such a late hour?” Jake spoke casually whilst shutting the door to seal out the cold. 
Despite this, the office still felt as cold as the insides of a freezer, even without the air conditioning being switched on. 
It didn’t take long before the director ended his call. Then, he bounced onto his feet to greet Jake and Megan, who sat on the chairs near his desk. 
He waved and cracked a grin. “You speak too highly of me, Mr. Wilson. I was explaining adoption procedures to someone who had recently inquired. The person was only available to talk today, so I figured I might as well make the time.” 
Megan listened to his explanation whilst sizing him up. 
There was something amiable and kind about the director’s aura—that was the first thing that Megan noticed. She guessed that he was probably in his forties, save for how he was bursting with youthful energy. She could also tell that he lived a labored life from his rough and dulled arms. 
He must understand the sufferings of life then… I bet he treats the children in this orphanage with tender love and care for them.
Megan’s chest sank. She let out a sigh as she silently watched the two men converse, not intending to interrupt. 
Jake didn’t seem too concerned with the director’s explanations. He casually suggested, “Well, it’s been a while since I came by. Why don’t we pay the children a visit?” 
The director was dumbfounded at Jake’s sudden request. When the director finally came to his senses, he scrambled for the door and opened it with a beaming smile. “That’s great! They’re going to be all over the place like happy monkeys. It’s not every day that you drop by for a visit, after all. Plus, they keep saying that they miss you every time I mention your name.” 
“I’ve been tied up with work. I’ll visit when I get the time.” 
Megan glimpsed at Jake’s tepid reaction. While it seemed like he couldn’t care less about the children, Megan could sense the forlorn and helpless look in his eyes. 
It’s probably out of his , Megan sighed. I’m sure he wishes that he could visit this place more often. After all, the word “orphanage” carries the weight of his past. 
“No, no. Don’t you fret about it. This visit will be more than enough for the kids,” the director comforted him with an understanding smile. 
He then walked ahead, guiding the two towards the children’s rooms. 
Along the way, the director gave a brief update on the orphanage’s situation to Jake whilst Megan listened in. She was impressed to find out that Jake had been funding this orphanage for the past three years. 
No matter what Jake’s intentions were, his kind actions had surpassed that of many philanthropists. This alone was enough to make Megan see him in a different light.
###Chapter 3254
Chapter 3254 Pretend Parents 
“Here we are. This building is where the children reside in.” 
The three of them came to the building right next to the director’s office. The four floors here were occupied by the orphans that had been taken in. Jake and Megan noticed that some rooms had their curtains drawn, and they could see the children sleeping peacefully through the windows. 
At the sight of this, Jake didn’t want to rouse the children from their slumber. He then motioned for the director and Megan to turn around. However, a door flung open just as they were about to leave. 
All three of their gazes snapped over to the opened door. There, a small figure rubbed her eyes as she walked out. The little girl wore pajamas that were clearly too thin to shelter her from the gusting winds. Her tiny body trembled ferociously whilst she stared at them with rounded eyes. 
Megan’s face scrunched in concern. She wanted to scoop the child up and take her back into the warm room. However, the child darted behind the door frame before Megan could. The little girl managed a timid squeak, “M-mister director… are these my parents? Are they here to pick me up?” 
Hearing this, the three adults fell silent. An inexplicable emotion flashed in Megan and Jake’s eyes as they locked gazes. They felt pity and were unsure of how to respond to the poor girl. 
Maybe Megan was soft-hearted, or how the tiny girl stood hopefully whilst being blown by the cold winds. The girl reminded Megan of how she hid away and cried miserably after losing her parents. Forcing away these painful memories, Megan slowly crouched down before the little girl. She cast a gentle gaze whilst tenderly caressing the child’s cheeks. 
“I’m sorry, we’re not the parents that were supposed to pick you up. Please don’t be too disappointed…”
It’s a horrible feeling to get your hopes up high, then have them crushed abruptly, Megan thought to herself. She knew this feeling well enough from the countless times that she had underperformed in comparison to her sister, Mia. 
Even if I lied to protect this little girl’s feelings, someone else will eventually tell her the truth and burst her bubble. 
“Is that so…” the girl questioned whilst tilting her head and looking at the couple with big, round eyes. Bubbly laughter then came from her lips, shocking the adults. She continued, “That’s okay. Mister director says I should get used to these things. Although, you really do look like my mom and dad! Except they don’t want me anymore…” 
She’s only a child, yet she’s so understanding towards hurtful things that children her age shouldn’t know of… Megan sighed. She pressed her lips together, as she didn’t know what to say. 
At this moment, a voice sounded from behind Megan—it was Jake’s. “How about this? She and I will be your pretend parents for the night. We’ll tuck you in and sleep by your side.” 
The cold breeze prickled gooseflesh down Megan’s arms. On top of this discomfort, Jake’s words were like an icy storm that disrupted her peace of mind. She whirled around to frown at him as if she didn’t understand what he had just told the child. 
Jake could tell that she was shocked by his words, but he couldn’t care less. 
He added, “What’s with that face? We’ve obviously gone past the point of sleeping innocently next to each other.” 
Did he seriously say that in front of the child and the director? Megan’s eyes widened. She shot onto her feet and slammed a hand over Jake’s mouth.
Then, she quickly scolded him through gritted teeth, “That was an accident!” 
Their awkward dispute didn’t go unnoticed by the director. He cleared his throat to capture their attention before eyeing the ground, indicating that they were still in front of a child. 
Realizing that she had lost her calm, Megan’s hand recoiled and awkwardly scratched the back of her head. 
She then cracked a tense smile at the little girl. “Well, would you like to sleep with us?” 
As soon as the words left her mouth, Megan wanted to slap herself for stupidly digging her own grave. Crap. Did I just… agree to sleep with him and the child? 
Nevertheless, she couldn’t bring herself to resist the little girl’s sparkling eyes. She would have eventually given in and offered to spend the night with the girl, even if she hadn’t asked now. 
As expected, the little girl clapped and skipped around excitedly after hearing Megan’s question. She then lunged forward and wrapped her arms tightly around Megan’s legs. 
“Yes! I want to sleep with Mommy and Daddy!” 
Shortly after, the director brought Megan and Jake, who gave the little girl a piggyback ride, to a separate bedroom on the top floor. This was the room that Jake used whenever he visited. 
The director then unlocked the bedroom door and switched on the heater so that the three could spend the night here comfortably. Finally, he excused himself and said, “It’s really late now. I’ll let you guys get some rest.”
###Chapter 3255
Chapter 3255 Obedient And Considerate 
In the room, the girl named Abigail kept jumping on the bed, pestering Megan to tell her a story. 
Megan was completely inexperienced in coaxing children, but she was glad that Abigail was with her. That way, she would not need to face Jake alone. 
“What story would you like to hear?” Megan asked as she did her best to tamp down the uneasiness in her heart. She placed her full attention on the girl in front of her instead, trying to ignore Jake’s presence. 
“Snow White.” 
“Ah, Snow White,” Megan mumbled distractedly. 
Upon realizing that was not the voice she was expecting, she raised her head to see Jake tucking Abigail in bed. 
Megan could only stare at him in silence for a moment. Then, she turned off her phone—she had been browsing for fairy tales a moment ago—and got off the bed to stand a distance away from him. 
“Abigail, let Jake tell you the story instead. I’m going to take a shower first,” Megan hastily said before turning to flee the scene. The moment she realized Jake was around, awkwardness overwhelmed her, and she dared not look into his untainted eyes. 
However, it seemed like Jake had no plans to let her off. He raised his brows before sharing a look with Abigail. “Abigail, Mommy doesn’t want to tell you stories, so Daddy will do it.” 
The way Jake had said it sounded miserable and pitiful. It was evident that he wanted to blackmail Megan with his words. However, it barely affected Megan; she already had one foot in the bathroom.
Yet, the soft voice from behind stopped her from going further into the bathroom. 
“Mommy, can you tell me a story with Daddy? Instead of Snow White, I’d like to listen to Cinderella’s story.” 
Abigail’s quiet voice snuck right into Megan’s heart. She curled her fingers and sighed. 
“Why are you still standing there?” 
It seemed like Jake had expected Megan to relent to Abigail’s wishes, for he secretly let out a smug laugh. 
Despite the unwillingness to admit defeat, Megan did not wish to upset the little girl. 
When she glanced at Jake, who was lying on one side of the bed, her eyes were filled with hatred. If only looks can kill. 
“Okay,” said Megan through gritted teeth, but she was quick to return to the bed. 
Although Abigail was still a young girl, she was exceptionally observant. She could sense that Jake’s breathing had turned shallow and rapid when Megan came closer to him. 
Blinking repeatedly, Abigail realized the two must have some kind of misunderstanding. 
As the two adults in the room were preoccupied with testing waters on each other, neither noticed that Abigail was watching them. 
Sitting at the edge of the bed, Megan searched the story of Cinderella online before coaxing Abigail to sleep. At the same time, she did her best to stay physically and emotionally away from Jake.
“Oh? The shoe is that magical?” Jake abruptly voiced in the middle of the story, making the two turn to look at him. 
“Have you not heard of this story before?” 
Just as those words left her mouth, Megan recalled that Jake had lost all his memories. Stories meant for children would be something he would not come into contact with in the days he spent learning. 
Jake nodded without any trace of embarrassment on his face. 
As his finger twirled around Abigail’s soft hair, he admitted, “I haven’t. Is this a story that everyone knows?” 
“Of course not.” Abigail shook her head before smiling at him. “I don’t know this, so it’s normal that Daddy doesn’t too.” 
Abigail’s words made the two lower their gazes. There were more than a handful of fairy tale storybooks at the orphanage, so it was impossible that Abigail did not know about it. However, she was considerate of Jake’s feelings, and that was why she had lied. 
Both Jake and Megan found it hard to imagine what could have possibly happened to make a na?ve, cheerful girl become obedient and considerate.
###Chapter 3256
Chapter 3256 Between Mommy And Daddy 
At that, Megan’s heart ached. With a frown on her face, she gently ran her fingers through Abigail’s hair and muttered, “Abigail, it’s okay if you pester us tonight. Just tell us whatever it is you want to do, okay?” 
She was not used to playing pretend. Although Megan was doing her best to cooperate with Jake, the word “Daddy” just simply refused to leave her lips. 
Fortunately, Abigail knew Megan’s concern and sympathy were genuine, and she could not help but trust her even more. 
“Really? If that’s the case, I want to sleep in between Daddy and Mommy while you hug me.” 
With a radiant smile, Abigail raised her hands, seemingly anticipating a pleasant surprise. However, there was nothing pleasant about the surprise for Megan; it was a plain shock for her. 
After all, the only time Megan had ever slept with Jake was that night, which had been accidental. There was no way she would be able to fall asleep if she were to consciously sleep with him on the same bed. 
“Very well, I can do that.” Unlike Megan, Jake was swift to agree to the girl’s request. He lifted his brow, delighted, as he flashed her a charming smile. 
In other words, it seemed like he had expected this outcome from the very beginning. 
“I…” 
It was Megan’s turn to respond, but she could not force the words to leave her mouth. She lowered her head, averting her eyes from Jake, as mixed emotions washed over her.
Noticing Megan’s hesitation, Abigail instantly grabbed the edge of her shirt as tears welled up in her eyes. 
“Mommy, just this one night, please?” 
No one could possibly reject Abigail when she had that woeful look on her face, not to mention Megan, a soft-hearted person. 
She hated how Jake had used Abigail, but she was also furious about how weak she was for letting Jake sway her that easily. She could not even put up a fight. 
“I… All right. I’ll come back after taking a shower.” 
Hence, Megan had no choice but to steel herself for the situation; there was nothing for her to do but to force those emotions away for now. 
When Jake heard Megan agreeing to Abigail’s request, his eyes lit up. With a quiet chuckle, he then patted the girl’s head, seemingly praising her. 
A while later, after the two were done with their showers, came the time of Megan’s suffering. 
On the large bed, Megan lay down beside Abigail, distracted. After a glance at Megan’s expression, Jake pulled the blanket away and lay down on the bed as well. 
“I’m turning off the lights.” 
Jake’s long arm easily went past Abigail before resting his hand on Megan’s waist. The warmness of it startled Megan, and she stiffened. 
What should I do now?
Every trace of Megan’s sleepiness fled, and but she could not think of how to escape the situation. 
“Mommy, hug me.” 
Megan, who had been moving further to the edge of the bed, halted right when she heard Abigail’s words. She had only moved because she thought the girl was asleep. 
Jake had also sensed her movements from the other side. Although the lights in the room were off, he could still see the moonlight reflecting in Megan’s eyes. 
Seemingly displeased by her struggles, Jake’s hand began wandering around Megan’s body. Promptly, the goosebumps by Megan’s waist raised. 
Although she knew that Jake could not do anything while Abigail was in between them, she still flew into a fit of panic. 
Pursing her lips, Megan quickly pressed her hand down on his wandering one. However, it seemed like Jake refused to give up, as he was equally swift to grab her and pull her arm toward him. 
“This is how you hug a child,” Jake whispered teasingly. Megan only felt embarrassed as her warm hand around Abigail rested on Jake’s chest.
###Chapter 3257
Chapter 3257 Making Advances 
Ignoring Jake, Megan forced her eyes closed and her thoughts away. However, it took hours before Megan could finally stop thinking about her situation and drifted off into dreamland. 
The next morning, Megan woke with a start. 
When she glanced at her side, she realized Abigail was gone. Jake was the only one left, still sleeping. 
As Megan sat on the bed with her forehead in her palms, she yawned 
“You’re up early.” 
Jake’s voice came from beside her, and Megan nearly choked from the fright. Even her yawn was abruptly cut off. 
After recollecting herself, she quickly jumped off the bed. “Yes.” 
The emotions in Jake’s eyes were indiscernible when he saw how Megan moved away from him. Climbing down from the bed, he then walked past the nervous woman to draw the curtains behind her. 
Instantly, sunlight filtered through the window to light up the dim room. As Jake stood by the window, veiled by the golden rays of the sun, he looked exceptionally handsome in his white shirt and messy hair. 
“Abigail had classes in the morning, so I sent her to class earlier.” 
His casual words were as though he was trying to cover up what happened the night before. Megan sighed in relief at how he avoided the topic. Yet, she felt disappointed as well. 
“I see. I didn’t know that. Maybe I was too deep in my sleep.”
Megan chuckled. She was about to head to the bathroom to wash up when Jake stopped her. It was then she noticed there was something else other than grogginess in his eyes. 
Holding her soft hands, he murmured hoarsely, “Is that so? You had a good night’s sleep, but I didn’t. Shouldn’t you keep me company for a while longer?” 
Jake’s words made her shudder. 
This man truly knows how to charm others. 
Afraid that she would lose of herself, Megan pressed her lips into a thin line and retracted her hand. 
Taking two steps back and looking away, she mumbled, “It’s best for me not to. Sleep for a while longer on your own. I want to go and check on Abigail.” 
“She’s more important than me?” Jake seemed dissatisfied with her answer, as he took a step closer to her, no longer looking as casual as he was a moment ago. 
That was a question that stumped Megan. If she were to say that he was important, she would have to keep him company. If she did not, she would have lied to him. 
Thus, she fell silent. 
“Do you think I won’t be able to do anything if you don’t speak?” Jake cocked his head as he looked at the quiet woman. Then, he reached out to lift her chin. 
As his fingers brushed the tip of her chin, Megan’s heart began racing. 
“I… I have something to attend to today, so I have to go back earlier.” Megan balled her hands into fists as she looked away from him.
A small smile grew on Jake’s lips at her reaction. Stepping forward, he then lifted her into his arms. 
“Hey!” 
The sudden actions startled Megan, and she quickly wrapped her arms around Jake’s neck. When she leaned her face against his chest, she could hear his heart thumping in his chest. 
“What are you trying to do?” 
Jake stopped in front of the bed before lowering his head to look at the anxious Megan. With a chuckle, he muttered, “Going back to sleep.” 
With that said, he tossed Megan onto the soft bed. Before she could come back to her senses, the towering man lay down beside her and circled his arms around her waist. 
By the time she recomposed herself, she started struggling. 
“Stop moving,” Jake whispered as he rubbed his face against her cheek. 
“D-Don’t do this.” 
The night before, they had Abigail in between them, so he could not do anything to her. However, it was different now. She would not be able to stop him from making advances on her.
###Chapter 3258
Chapter 3258 That Night 
“Don’t what?” Jake asked, fluttering his lashes. It was that moment Megan realized her heart was only beating quicker and quicker. 
As he looked at her soft face, he leaned down to press a kiss on her face. 
The abrupt kiss surprised her. When she looked at Jake, her eyes were filled with disbelief. 
“What are you doing?” 
Jake raised a brow at her question. It seemed like the heat in his heart had found an exit, as he chuckled before pinning her down under his body. 
“What do you think I’m trying to do?” 
With his face so close to hers, Megan’s heart was threatening to escape her ribcage. She turned her head to the side before covering her face with her hands, not wanting him to see the blush on it. 
However, she was far too slow; Jake had noticed it a long time ago. He fixed his smiling eyes on her. 
His hands began to wander, Megan’s thin shirt the only thing separating her skin from his. As if scorched by hot metal, Megan shuddered and moved away from his hand. 
“I don’t know. Don’t touch me.” Megan grabbed his hand with a frown. Despite the growing anxiety in her heart, she put up a brave front. It feels like I’m losing in the fight in my heart. 
However, Jake was a smart man, and he saw the look in her eyes. 
In seconds, he gripped Megan’s hands and pressed them above her head, forcing her to stay still.
Then, he lowered his head to look at her, their noses almost touching. 
“Don’t touch you? That wasn’t what you said that night. Maybe you don’t know about this, but that night, I was about to send you off. To my surprise, you were enthusiastically clinging to me. It was a nice feeling.” 
Every word that left Jake’s mouth heated up Megan’s face even more. Her eyes were looking everywhere but him. 
As she imagined what happened that night, she stiffened. 
Jake knew his words had made her feel embarrassed, for she had visibly stilled. Hence, his advances became bolder. 
He reached his hand into Megan’s shirt. As his hands caressed past her goosebumps, the look in his eyes darkened. 
“Megan, has anyone ever told you that you’re beautiful?” 
Jake stared at the fair neck in front of him as his hands continued to roam around her body. 
Megan still dared not look at him. Her body was already too weak to move. It felt as if she was in another world where her body was out of her . 
“No,” came Megan’s mumbled response. 
She had not actually paid attention to Jake’s words; she only kept twisting herself as if silently complaining that Jake was too slow. 
“Is that so? I think you’re much better looking than Mia.”
Jake pulled Megan’s shirt up and pressed kisses on her warm skin as he teased her sensitive parts. 
By then, Megan no longer knew what Jake was saying. As she bit down on her lower lip, she found her consciousness fading away. All that was left in her mind were primal instincts. 
“Ah…” 
Hearing the familiar moan, Jake paused. His mind drifted back to that very night. 
With those thoughts swirling in his head, the lustful fire in his chest burned brighter. He could not tease Megan any longer. With half-lidded eyes, he gently caressed Megan’s cheek before starting the main show. 
When Megan woke again, it was afternoon. 
Climbing to a sitting position on the bed, she realized Jake was nowhere to be found.
###Chapter 3259
Chapter 3259 A Promise 
Megan slowly rose to her feet with a hand supporting her sore back. The first things she saw were the messy clothes on the ground. 
A blush crept onto her face before she paled. Upon realizing she had relented in the morning, awkwardness surged into her chest. Yet, she knew how tough it was for her to escape Jake’s charm. 
Picking up the clothes from the ground, Megan patted her face, trying to calm herself. However, the embarrassment still flooded whenever she thought about having to see Jake later. 
Knock, knock. 
Just as Megan was lost in her thoughts, someone knocked on the room’s door. Coming back to her senses, she quickly opened it. 
“You’re awake?” 
It was none other than the person Megan did not want to see—Jake. 
For a moment, she stood transfixed. Once she recollected herself, she promptly tried to shut the door. 
However, Jake was swifter than she was. He stopped the door and squeezed through the gap into the room. 
“The car is just downstairs. Don’t mess around anymore. It’s time to leave.” Jake then held Megan’s hand, not a trace of embarrassment to be found on his face. It was as though nothing had happened in the morning. 
However, that was something Megan could not do.
She tried to retract her hand from his as a blush crawled onto her face again. Fortunately, the weather was cold, and it quickly cooled down her face that was burning up. 
“Are you that stubborn about this?” 
When Jake skidded to a stop, Megan nearly crashed onto his back. 
For a moment, she only blinked at him. Then, she hid her face in her scarf. 
“I’m not used to it.” 
Her stiff but upset tone made Jake lift a brow. That day, she had been wild, and she did not even look embarrassed the morning after. It’s tough to figure women out. 
He sighed, a look of amused exasperation in his eyes. 
After shaking his head, he then placed Megan’s hand into his pocket before slowing down to walk beside her. 
As his hand held onto hers, a gentle look crept onto his face. 
“It’s okay. You’ll get used to it soon.” 
Those words sounded like he was teasing her; yet, it sounded like he was giving her a promise. They made Megan freeze in her tracks. As she turned to look at him, warmth seeped into her heart. 
A while later, the two bid farewell to the director and Abigail. After that, they entered the car parked at the entrance, about to head to the airport. 
As the day before had been hectic, Jake had to take the bus to her village. The entire time, he kept complaining about the ride. Thus, he had called his secretary to send him to the airport.
After dozens of hours of flying, Megan finally returned to the city of her dreams. The moment her foot stepped onto the land, she thought of Mia and Herman. Those thoughts crashed toward her like waves in a storm, trying to drown her in them. 
On the other hand, the things that happened at Queenston Village felt like a dream. It had been surreal. 
“What’s the matter? You seem preoccupied.” 
Upon entering the car, Jake began dealing with the documents and work he had neglected for the past few days. When he glanced at Megan, he realized she was staring out of the window in a daze. 
“Nothing much. I’m just thinking about my upcoming work,” came Megan’s half-hearted reply. 
Then, she concealed the anxious expression she had and plastered a smile on. 
Jake, who had been looking at the screen, did not realize the changes in her expression. When he heard her mention her work, his typing motions halted, and he lifted his head to look at her. 
“What jobs will you be taking next? If you’re not doing any programs, you’re always welcomed at Sky Entertainment.” 
It was not the first time he had invited Megan. However, she did not wish to go there. Having lived a life before, she knew that her life would not be terrible even without joining a talent agency. 
“If I need it in the future, I’ll come and see you. Now that I’ve been in Transcendent, I’ve gained a little popularity.”
###Chapter 3260
Chapter 3260 Are You Two Timing 
With a smile, Jake returned his focus back on his screen. “It seems like you’re confident. Although you were the one to approach me at the start, you never asked for my help. Perhaps that’s why I trust you.” 
Whenever she thought about that period of her life, Megan still felt anxious. However, she knew that time had passed. Shaking her head, she flashed him a helpless smile. 
“There’s no use in relying on someone else. If I can’t get others to recognize my talent in this industry, I’ll have nothing once my sponsor is gone.” 
Jake nodded in agreement. It seemed like his woman was much more independent than most other women in the industry. 
“Mr. Wilson, we’ve arrived,” the driver informed. 
When Megan looked out of the window, she realized they were outside her house. After bidding him goodbye, she was about to leave the car when Jake suddenly stopped her. When she turned to look at him, she saw indecipherable emotions churning in his eyes. 
“Megan, stay away from Jonas.” 
His words stunned her. As her heart sank, she frowned. 
“I can’t promise you that yet. I don’t want to lie to you.” 
Almost immediately, a displeased look emerged on Jake’s face. His grip on Megan’s arm tightened as he voiced, “Are you still trying to stay in contact with him? Are you trying to two-time?” 
Two-time?
Megan tensed up. The next emotion she felt was anger. It rose quickly in her chest as she thought, So I’m that kind of person to him? 
Clicking her tongue, she then snapped, “No. Jonas has saved me before, and I will not be an ungrateful person. Moreover, he never said he loved me.” 
“Do you really think he meant that?” Jake scoffed. The look in his eyes was turning gloomier with every ticking second, and it was as if he did not plan to let Megan off until he got an answer he wanted. 
Looking at Jake, Megan realized there was a weight on her chest, suffocating her. 
He was right. She could not determine whether or not Jonas loved her. In fact, when she ruminated about it, she realized he must be somewhat interested in her. 
However, Megan had already left behind her romantic feelings for Jonas. She would rather be his friend than his lover. 
Does Jake still not know who’s the one in my heart? 
“Not necessarily. However, I don’t like him, not to mention the fact that I’m not in the mood to think about this. Yet, you’re stalling me here, questioning me about this.” 
Megan’s upset was clear to Jake, and he frowned. In the next second, he relaxed, but the suspicion in his eyes had yet to leave. 
“Fine. Even if I don’t ask you about this, I want to know what your plans are.” 
That question made Megan’s heart sink again. 
She knew that as long as she set her schedule, Jake would definitely make sure that Jonas’ schedule would be completely different from hers; he would make sure they would never meet at work.
Mr. Jake Wilson himself is making a work schedule for a celebrity. I don’t know whether to be happy or frustrated about this. 
After all, she never wanted to involve anyone else in the matter between Jonas and her. 
Despite her reluctance, she knew she would lose against Jake’s stubbornness. With a sigh, she averted her eyes and said, “I’m not planning to be in any television shows. I’ll be joining Let’s Run to maintain my popularity for now.” 
Hearing her, Jake slowly let go of her as he schooled his features back to a calm expression. 
With his eyes still fixed on her, he replied, “Okay, I got it. Call me if you need anything.”
###Chapter 3261
Chapter 3261 Another Program 
Megan silently nodded. By then, the exhaustion from the travel was showing on her face, and Jake finally let her go. 
Upon entering her house, Megan finally felt that she had returned to reality. The emotions in her heart began to churn, but she did not plan to say anything to Donna. After all, she was the only one who had to face the dilemma. 
“Megan, you’re finally back. I was about to call you,” Donna cried out anxiously. She had been standing in front of the couch with her phone when she heard the door unlock. 
Not knowing what had happened, Megan asked, “Why do you sound like you’re in a panic?” 
Waving her phone, Donna sighed. “Nothing major, actually. That program from earlier had decided to select the cast members earlier than expected, so the staff informed me to prepare you for the audition.” 
At that, Megan nodded, feeling a little taken aback by the news. Why are they selecting actors earlier than the set date? 
However, it didn’t matter. She knew what the program was about, for seven years later, it would be a very popular show in the country. 
“You don’t need to get anxious over a trivial matter like this. Nothing is as important as sleeping right now.” 
Megan could barely keep her eyes open after the long flight, not to mention how she just had a fight with Jake downstairs.
Noticing Megan’s exhaustion, Donna quickly sat down beside her and handed her a glass of water. 
“Rest, rest now. I have something else to tell you.” 
After taking the glass from Donna, Megan cast her a suspicious glance. Why is Donna having such a hard time telling me about it? 
With that thought in mind, she put down the glass and looked at Donna. “What is it? Speak your mind. Time’s precious, so stop dilly-dallying.” 
Donna nodded. After gathering her thoughts, she said, “Didn’t you leave yesterday? Another variety show’s producer called me. Their program’s name is called Time For Love. The cast members are to pretend to be a couple for the audience. They were asking to pair you and Jonas. That way, you’ll be more in the spotlight.” 
Hearing Donna’s words, Megan tried to dig out information about Time For Love from her memories. In the future, it was not as popular as Let’s Run, but the fake couples in the show did gain popularity. 
Megan frowned, clearly unwilling to be in the other program. 
“Donna, let’s forget about Time For Love. I’m not interested.” 
Donna was not surprised by Megan’s swift rejection. She shrugged and shook her head. “Well then, if my Megan doesn’t want to do it, we can’t possibly sign on for the program even if they begged us to.” 
At the cheeky way Donna was acting, Megan chuckled. At the same time, she was relieved that Donna did not have further questions about her rejection. 
If she were to accept the offer, Jake would immediately end her career to keep her away from Jonas. After all, he was an eyesore to Jake.
“What time is the audition?” Megan asked, not wanting to dwell on the frustrating matters. 
Donna then took out her notebook before replying, “Tomorrow morning. I don’t think you’ll be able to rest well today.” 
At that, Megan closed her eyes and heaved a heavy sigh. Even if she did not have any time to rest, she still had to show the others her best side. After all, it was an important program for her. 
Early in the morning on the next day, Megan and Donna headed to the stadium. 
Almost all of the actors who arrived were confounded by the location of the audition.
###Chapter 3262
Chapter 3262 Tracksuit 
Megan was not surprised. She knew the program required the cast members to be fit. Thus, she knew the ones that the producers wanted to pick were the ones who would not tire out after running for a long time. 
“Megan, I think you look terrible today,” Donna groaned, feeling an oncoming headache. 
The entire time, she kept complaining about Megan’s outfit, but the latter was adamant about picking the ugliest tracksuit from the stack of clothes that Jake had gifted her. 
Megan was unperturbed by Donna’s comments. Tilting her head to the side, she then chuckled. “Don’t look so upset. There’s nothing embarrassing about wearing a tracksuit. In fact, I’ll be the winner later on.” 
Unfortunately, Donna was not convinced by Megan’s confidence. She flashed a half-hearted smile at her as she watched various well-dressed celebrities walk by them, a stark contrast from Megan. 
“My, isn’t this Mr. Wilson’s girl? Why is she here in a small place like this?” 
It was a familiar voice, and the two knew who it belonged to right away. When Megan turned, she saw Mia. 
Megan then sized her up. Mia was in a spaghetti-strapped dress embroidered with crystals and a pair of platform heels. 
After taking in the sight of her, sympathy emerged in Megan’s heart. There’s no way she’s going to be part of the program with those shoes she is wearing. 
“I’m sorry, I’m not anyone to Mr. Wilson, but I know you are dying to be one.”
As Mia had been in the industry for a while, she had learned to restrain her temper and not speak without a brain-to-mouth filter. Still, she was trying to mess with Megan, so she would have to be taught a lesson. 
As Megan had expected, right as those words left her mouth, Mia jabbed a finger in her direction and scrunched up her face. 
“Mia, behave yourself.” 
Osmond, who had been silent the entire time, finally spoke. His scrutinizing gaze was fixed on Megan, and the annoyance was visible from the way he pressed his lips. 
However, he was actually deep in his thoughts. 
Why is Megan here? 
As a trending celebrity, shouldn’t she opt to go on talk shows instead? 
Why would she appear in this place with a horrible-looking tracksuit? 
I’ve only gotten Mia to join this because I want her to get acquainted with the director of the program. Does Megan have the same plan? 
“Do you hear that? Your manager asked you to behave yourself. I’d say you need to that temper of yours.” 
Megan then shot Mia a look before raising her brows mockingly. 
As she had been embarrassed in front of Megan, Mia’s mood turned foul. Anger was spiking in her; yet, she dared not go against Osmond. She spun around to glare at the man.
“I know that! I don’t need you to say anything!” 
With that said, Mia stormed away into the stadium. 
Osmond did not move, even after Mia was gone. Instead, he continued to stare at Megan’s clothes as a perplexed expression crept onto his face. 
Not planning to cross the sly man, Megan looked at her for a little longer before turning to leave with Donna. However, she only managed to take a step before Osmond stopped her. 
“This tracksuit isn’t yours, is it?” 
Megan thought he was going to say something important, but the question seemed trivial. 
When she looked at Osmond’s eyes, she could not see any emotions in them.
###Chapter 3263
Chapter 3263 Tailor Made 
“What does that have to do with you? Why are you asking a girl a question like that? That isn’t very gentlemanly of you.” 
Megan did not want to answer his questions, and that was why her response was to question him instead. It seemed like Osmond had found his answer from Megan’s momentary hesitation, so he did not insist on an answer. 
He put one of his hands into his pocket and chuckled. “Is that so? I’m sorry, then. I’ll be taking my leave to take a look at Mia now.” 
Then, the sounds of his leather shoes hitting the marble floor echoed in the hallway as he walked away. Once he was gone, Megan turned tense. It seems like he’s found out something. 
But how? I never mentioned a single word about Jake. Can Osmond really deduce our relationship just by a piece of clothing? 
Beside her, Donna watched as various expressions flit across Megan’s face. However, she knew not what was going on in the other woman’s mind. “Megan, what’s the matter? Did Osmond say something earlier?” 
As there were other actors who were walking around, it would be inappropriate for Megan to tell her anything. After glancing at her watch, she realized she needed some time to clarify some matters with Jake. 
“Donna, I’ll tell you later. Stay here for now. Look for me when the audition starts.” 
With that hastily said, Megan darted out of the stadium.
She then took out her phone and called Jake. It took him a while to pick up the call, and the beeping noise frustrated her. 
“Hello? What’s wrong?” 
Jake was sitting in the office on the highest floor of Sky Entertainment when her call came. He was surprised that Megan was calling so soon, as they just had a fight a while ago; he was sure that Megan would not call him until he called her. 
Megan went straight to the point. “I have a question for you about the clothes you gifted me. There aren’t any of your personal preferences embedded in those clothes, right? 
She still remembered the surprised look that Osmond had in his eyes. Hence, she could not help but wonder if those clothes were reminding others who was her sponsor. 
If that was the case, it meant that she had been advertising herself as Jake’s people the entire day. 
It was too embarrassing. If the directors of the industry were to find out about it, they would start to doubt her capabilities again. 
“Personal preferences?” Jake lifted his brow, having not expected that Megan was calling to ask him this. Lowering his voice, he nonchalantly replied, “I don’t know.” 
His refusal to cooperate with her infuriated her. She narrowed her eyes but did her best to tamp down the burning fury in her chest. “Can’t you be a little more cooperative? If you’re not going to tell me anything, I’m going to throw away all those clothes you’ve given me.” 
At her threat, Jake clicked his tongue. So she dares to speak like this to me now. 
I really can’t spoil this woman.
“Fine. Throw them if you want to.” 
Jake was a domineering man, so he did not put himself in other people’s shoes. The moment Megan agitated him, he lashed out. 
Right as he was about to end the call, Megan’s attitude changed. 
Gently, she said, “Wait, this is really important to me.” 
Megan’s knuckles were white from the tight grip she had on her phone. If Jake was in front of her, he would be surprised by the scowl she had on her face. 
“Is that so?” Jake muttered, his tone placid. Then, he began mulling over Megan’s question. 
After a while, a thought entered his mind, and he said, “Most of the clothes were picked by the shop attendant, but there’s one tracksuit in there that’s tailor-made.” 
Tailor-made tracksuit? 
I’ve heard of other kinds of tailor-made clothes, but Jake’s the first I’ve ever heard who has gotten a tailor-made tracksuit.
###Chapter 3264
Chapter 3264 Warning 
Exasperated, Megan crouched down and sighed. However, when she lowered her head, she spotted an unknown letter embroidered in red on her chest. 
She froze. Immediately, she thought, This must be Jake’s label. 
A chill ran down her spine, and she wailed, “Oh my god, why did you gift your tailor-made clothes to someone else?” 
It seemed like Jake still did not know what was going on. He was confused as to why Megan was saying that. In fact, he thought she was expressing her dismay over his gifts. 
Hence, he snapped, “Are you telling me you don’t like your gift?” 
Megan sighed again before rising to her feet. “It’s not that I don’t like it, but that Osmond recognized your tracksuit. I’m in an audition right now. If he can recognize it, don’t you think the directors would recognize it too?” 
Jake was a business owner who seemed more like a celebrity than his employees, so it was normal for others in the industry to put him on a pedestal. Their attention on him was to the point they would even know which brand of toilet paper he used, not to mention the clothes he had. 
“Is there anything bad about that?” Jake could not comprehend why Megan was frustrated as he thought that was nothing unusual. 
What’s wrong with my woman wearing my tailor-made clothes? 
Megan groaned upon hearing his reply. Then, she gritted out, “I don’t want others to think that I pulled strings to get to where I am. I don’t want to rely on anyone.”
After hearing her response, Jake fell silent for a moment. There’s nothing wrong with her answer, but why am I so annoyed by it? 
Right then, he realized why. In a glacial voice, he questioned, “You don’t want anyone to find out about us?” 
“Yes.” 
Megan’s reply had come instantaneously. Jake’s grip on his phone tightened, and he threw the pen he had been fidgeting with on the table. 
His voice was filled with frustration and dissatisfaction when he said, “So that’s what you think. I never wanted to hide you from the public, but you want to hide me from others.” 
From the very start, the two had unequal status and fame. Technically, Jake should be the one who would be embarrassed to have an ordinary woman by his side. 
However, Megan felt that her efforts would go to waste if others were to assume that she was successful only because of her connections instead of her talents. 
In her new life, she did not want to become a caretaker for someone else, and neither did she want to be so miserably in love. She hated herself for how she had to rely on Herman to give her hope for her future. 
If she had done her best and found out about Herman’s true color, things would not have turned out the way they had. 
“Yes. I don’t want anyone to know about our relationship. I don’t want them to focus on you instead of me when I’m trying my best.”
It was not that Jake could not understand what she was telling him. However, he could not help but think, Is something as abstract as that more important than our relationship? 
He never went through what Megan had to. The differences in their life experience only made the gap widen between the two. 
“If that’s what you insist on that thought, then I have no words for you. I’m already displaying immense tolerance for your actions, and I hope you won’t test my patience anymore.” 
It was an emotionless warning from Jake. When he said those words, the feelings of frustration filled him to the brim. 
To him, Megan was spoiled. She thought too highly of herself, while she had underestimated the others. 
In the entertainment industry, no one could survive without someone else’s help. Even if Megan were to see the top of the pyramid, she would never reach it if she were to walk the path alone.
###Chapter 3265
Chapter 3265 I Cannot Wear This 
If she wanted to run around like a headless chicken, so be it. Yet, the emotional side of him wanted to help her. 
After a brief silence, they ended the call on a bad note. Great. Why did I even call him? They had not even resolved their previous quarrel concerning Jonas, and yet a new argument had surfaced. Am I stubborn, or is Jake just overbearing? Thinking about this made her head hurt. 
Megan leaned against the grey wall while clutching her phone tightly. As her gaze landed on the tracksuit she was wearing, all sorts of worries flooded her mind. She needed a new outfit for the audition. 
She called Donna who rushed over as quickly as she could. “What’s wrong Megan? You sounded worried on the phone.” 
Hearing her voice, Megan looked up and shook her head. Her eyes were clouded with a mixture of thoughts. “I’m fine. Most importantly, let’s switch our clothes first. The audition’s about to start.” She gestured towards the empty room. 
As an outsider, Donna did not probe any further. She nodded her head and followed her into the room. After they got changed, they returned to the waiting area. Soon, the audition began. 
Megan recollected her thoughts before walking into the gymnasium. She took her place just one person away from Mia. The clacking sound from the latter’s high heels induced trepidation among those present. 
“You over there! Change out of those heels!”
Everyone turned their head towards the source. The voice came from the director sitting high up in the audience seat. He looked rather displeased at the pair of red heels Mia was wearing. 
His anger was justifiable. Prior to this, they were all given ten minutes to change out of their heels. Since Mia was not the last to enter, she would have had ample time to change, but she chose not to follow instructions. 
She always had problems doing that. 
Despite the director’s confrontation, Mia managed to keep her anger in check. “I don’t have flats to change into. Am I supposed to walk bare-footed?” 
Seeing this, Megan breathed a sigh of relief. The fact that she was not going full-on with the director meant that she had really learned her lesson from before. 
For Mia, this was the most polite she could be. Even so, the director was not pleased with her tone. His face was all scrunched up. “If you’re not gonna take off your heels, get lost! I still have plenty of choices to choose from.” 
The atmosphere in the gymnasium went grimmer by the moment. Everyone present sucked in their breath, not daring to make a move. 
“Mia, apologize now unless you want a slap from me. 
Just as the climax was about to happen, Osmond who stood beside the director interrupted. Megan looked up, and their eyes met. 
This man was like a closed book shrouded in mystery. Despite only being a manager, he spoke haughtily beside the director. It seemed like he was a big shot.
Their eye contact only lasted a brief moment. In fact, Osmond was more drawn towards Megan’s changed outfit. Is there a need to hide? He knew that as long as Jake and Megan were together, Mia would not be able to live peacefully.
###Chapter 3266
Chapter 3266 I Stood A Chance 
While Osmond was deep in his thoughts concerning Mia, the latter was turning red with embarrassment. 
That slap Osmond mentioned was her most humiliating memory. Mia just couldn’t take the insult. 
“I’m not apologizing! Isn’t it just walking barefoot? What’s the big deal!” She pulled off the straps on her heels, kicked them off her causing a loud sound. She felt utterly humiliated as she was certain everyone saw her as a joke now. Despite the glamorous facade as a celebrity, she had no dignity behind closed doors. 
Her attitude made everyone else in the room doubt her sincerity to get the role. But this small episode was quickly covered up with a few words from Osmond. 
“All right, let’s get our focus back. We’ll start off the audition by running five laps around this gymnasium.” The director gave a few instructions through his loud hailer. Out of over forty people present, most of them lost motivation upon hearing the word run. 
“Why do we need to run?” The complaints started spreading like wildfire. 
Megan found this amusing. She replied, “Isn’t it obvious from the title, Let’s Run?” Her voice attracted the attention of the director. It was then he recognized Megan as the actress that got famous by playing the role of the antagonist in Transcendent. 
He nodded approvingly and said, “Seems like there are people aware of what they’re here for. Whether you know it or not, stop complaining and get in line! We’re starting soon.” 
His curt attitude was not well received by a lot of them. Many of those who were laughing at Mia moments ago was now hating on the director. The shift in their attitude made Megan hopeful that she
might get the role. 
As per his instructions, everyone stood in a single file. Upon hearing the whistle, Megan dashed out with all her might. During her hiatus, she ran a lot. Although most of the actresses here had decent stamina from the long hours of filming, she was certain that most of them did not know the efficient way of running. 
Very soon, she broke free from the pack. With her breath still stable, she noticed someone zoom past her. It was Mia. Although the latter started off last, she managed to reverse her situation. In response, Megan picked up her pace in an attempt to overtake her but was denied the opportunity as Mia too, increased her speed. 
She decided not to give chase. Meanwhile, the first place runner turned back to gloat at her, making the latter confused. What’s her problem? Then, Megan’s expression hardened. She soon realized the intentions behind that unexpected behavior. 
That shrewd woman! Is this her way of telling me I can’t overtake her? If it was the past Mia, she would have openly gloated at her victory. 
Still, Megan was not one to back down from a fight. She sucked in a breath of fresh air and sprinted towards her. By her side, she taunted, “Mia, I’m really impressed with how strong-willed you are. How are you still so full of yourself after getting that slap?” 
Speaking and running simultaneously took a lot of her stamina. Although her initial plan was not to get into any fights, Mia’s arrogance was too much for her to take especially after the fight she had with Jake this morning.
###Chapter 3267
Chapter 3267 A Stampede 
Hearing her taunt, her face turned black. It did not help that the friction between her feet and the rubber tracks was hurting her. 
Then, Megan dealt the final blow. “I have the backing. What do you have?” 
This reminded her of the unfairness she felt. Mia had been the one who met Jake first. Why does he end up with this woman instead? It was Osmond who broke this news to her. Although she didn’t want to believe him, he always spoke the truth. 
Anger and humiliation took over her, and to make things worse, Megan was almost ahead. An evil idea came to mind. She noticed the group of actresses hot on their heels and prepared to execute her plan by blending with them. 
Very soon, they were all at the last lap. Megan slowed down her pace to reserve stamina for her last fifty-meter sprint. All of a sudden, she felt an impact against her back causing her to fall flat on the ground. The immediate group of runners behind her, couldn’t stop in time and had stepped all over her body. Megan’s scream filled the room. 
“Megan! Are you all right?” The people around started apologizing. 
During that short episode, her limbs were stepped on by a dozen of them. While the excruciating pain paralyzed her, she felt her vision getting blurry. She was losing consciousness. 
The director immediately got someone to call the ambulance. Then both Osmond and he rushed to Megan’s side. On the ground, Mia attempted to feed her water but the victim refused to open her mouth.
“Megan, have some water first. The ambulance is on the way.” While saying, Osmond observed Mia’s unexpected behavior. Meanwhile, everyone else murmured among themselves. 
“I don’t need that. It’s just getting stepped a few times.” Contrary to her words, Megan’s lips were turning pale. Obviously, getting stepped by that many people dealt a huge blow to her body. 
In the face of her agonizing look, the director was not as calm as Osmond. He attempted to help her up but was met with rejection. 
“Let’s wait for the ambulance. I’ll break if you move me.” Her tone was dead serious. The director’s hand froze mid-air, loss for word. 
Meanwhile, the others crowded around her. In fact, a handful of runners at the back just realized that an accident had happened. Suddenly, a voice cut through the silence, “Who was the one who knocked Megan? It’s all that person’s fault!” 
While people around started second-guessing one another, Osmond’s gaze landed on Mia who remained composed. He raised his brows in puzzlement. Unlike the other runners on the track, both Osmond and the director had a clear view of what happened. It was Mia who knocked onto her. 
Her silence worried Osmond. Was she planning to make him clean up after her? Just when he was deep in thought, Mia confessed, “It’s my fault. I lost my energy and accidentally fell onto her. I really didn’t mean to!” 
Everyone stared at her in disbelief. Upon seeing her tears, some of them offered her consolation. Meanwhile, Megan was appalled with her act and couldn’t understand why anyone would believe that it was unintentional.
###Chapter 3268
Chapter 3268 No Courage To Find Out 
“Oh, Mia. Stop it with your act. You did it on purpose, didn’t you?” 
Hearing that, some of their jaws dropped. Why would Mia do such a thing? One was a rising star while the other was a hot topic these days. Furthermore, they were step-siblings with the same dad. Despite looking very different, they were still family. To most of the people there, Mia’s attack motive was almost non existential. 
That was, everyone except the director and Osmond. 
In reality, this audition was just for show. Right from the start, Osmond and the director were already in cahoots to choose Mia. Everything was going as planned until Osmond chanced upon Megan in the corridor, wearing Jake’s tailor-made tracksuit. He questioned the director but the latter denied having any contact with Jake. 
Jake’s passiveness towards Megan’s career confused Osmond. Meanwhile, the director was conflicted between choosing Megan or Mia. After a long discussion, they agreed to stick with the original plan. For the most part, they were worried Mia might resort to extreme methods if she lost her role to Megan. That was the nature of their strained relationship. 
Besides, Jake did not say anything. They were guessing either Megan was not serious about this program, or he did not love her enough. In this ambiguous situation, Mia was the more favorable option. That was also the reason why she wore her heels boldly. She simply could not be bothered to go along with this audition. 
Osmond instructed, “Since you created this mess, clean it up yourself. Until then, no more acting.” He studied her reaction, but her obsidian eyes remained unfathomable.
The silver lining was, Mia had gotten better at cleaning her mess. She was no longer easy prey for Megan. 
Meanwhile, Megan felt revolted by the conversation between this pretentious duo; their ability to spout lies was on a whole new level. Even so, she held back because she had no energy left to argue. Besides, she could not risk triggering Mia in this vulnerable state. 
She waited quietly for the ambulance to arrive. Only when she laid on the stretcher did she stare viscously at that three wolves in sheep’s clothing. 
Jonas paid Megan a visit soon after she arrived at the hospital. She was startled to see his face. “What’re you doing here?” 
Meanwhile, the doctor had just finished wrapping the bandages for her. She needed at least a week to recover. This scene stirred mixed emotions within Jonas. In place of his usual smile were worried frowns. 
It had been a long while since they met. The raw anger they felt back then had already formed a scab. Although they were no longer hurting, the rift was still present. Jonas no longer had the courage to find out what actually happened. He was afraid the truth might make him regret his actions. 
He decided to give in to his heart, craving to see the person he cared for. No matter who she belonged to, at least he could still stay by her side. 
“Someone who auditioned with you told me about the accident, so I came here to visit you.” Megan couldn’t tell whether he was just awkward or bad at lying. 
As she forced a smile, her mind wandered back to that unpleasant memory from before. This made her heart heavy. On the bright side, since he was willing to approach her, it meant that he must have
thought things through. 
For the first time in a long while, she looked at him. His eyes emanated genuine concern and were void of any unnecessary expectations. She let out a sigh of relief.
###Chapter 3269
Chapter 3269 Jake Is Displeased 
Lying stiffly in the bed, she squeezed an awkward smile. “Ah! We haven’t met each other for quite a while. It’s really embarrassing that I’m lying like this in bed now…” 
At the sight of her smile and casualness, Jonas heaved a silent sigh. It’s really a relief that she responds in such a casual way without chasing me away! 
He pulled a chair to sit near Megan and fixed his gaze on her face. The gloominess on his face was gradually eased as he could not resist feeling amused at her awkwardness. 
His lips curved into a mischievous smile as he teased her, “What are you embarrassed with? You’re still in your hospital gown and not naked.” When he smiled, there were sparkles in his smiling eyes as well. 
“Yeah… you’re right.” Touching the tip of her nose in embarrassment, Megan chuckled sheepishly. 
After that, a sudden silence ensued the whole ward. Jonas lowered his eyes to conceal the complex emotions in his eyes. Looking at Megan’s hand, he tried to distract his own attention away from the urge to pour out those words which were playing in his mind. 
After a while, he broke the silence by asking inquisitively, “Oh yeah, what had actually happened? How did you get hurt? I’m shocked when I heard that you’re injured!” 
In an instant, a wave of fury surged within Megan again. She snorted twice before describing to him the previous incident. Feeling pissed off with Mia’s heinous demeanor, she scoffed, “What a despicable woman who is good at playing underhanded tricks!” 
Jonas was not really familiar with Mia. During their previous commercial shooting, she was undoubtedly giving off a vibe of arrogance. Even so, it was out of his expectation that she was scheming and manipulative as well.
Anyway, Osmond is a cunning fellow as well. I’m sure Mia tends to be influenced by him in a way. 
Thinking about Megan’s so-called foes, Jonas let out a deep sigh again. Tucking the sides of her bedsheets, he asked with a frown, “Why don’t you stop being on bad terms with them? Both Osmond and Mia are not someone easy to deal with. Apart from that, she is still related to you in a way, isn’t it?” 
Related to me in a way? 
Megan blinked her eyes with a puzzled look. She only realized after a while that he was referring to Mia. 
“I’m an orphan now. I have no relatives,” Megan’s face turned grim as she replied coldly. Jonas’s heart flinched at the sudden change in her expression and the coldness in her tone. 
“In that case, I bet you’ll need to overcome more hiccups for your career advancement in showbiz,” Jonas commented tactfully. 
He was kind of worried about Megan’s current predicament. As a newbie, she was already encountering a bumpy start. Thus, he could foresee that her journey to become a successful artist would definitely be an extremely challenging one with various obstacles. 
Megan was fully aware of her current extreme circumstance. However, she knew that there was no way out for her as she was fated to go through all the ups and downs in the quest to pursue her dreams. 
“Don’t worry. As the saying goes, when one door closes, another door opens. I’m convinced that there will be a way out for me as long as I don’t give up easily!” Megan motivated herself. 
Upon hearing her self-motivation words, Jonas decided not to comment further. Feeling amused with her expression, he chuckled and poked lightly on her chin with his finger.
“You’re really good at putting up a tough front. Fine, I can’t beat your eloquence as well. I’ll just drop the topic.” He shook his head and smiled. 
“Haha! Don’t worry so much! No matter what, I’ll tell myself to just go ahead! I’m just looking on the bright side of things!” She laughed heartily and winked mischievously at him. 
The initial awkwardness in the ward was gradually engulfed by a lively atmosphere. Megan was delighted that both Jonas and she seemed to be reconciled within such a short span of time. 
When they were engaged in a pleasant conversation, the door of the ward was opened abruptly. 
“Both of you seem to be in high spirits!” The next moment, a man mocked at them in an icy-cold tone. 
Megan’s body stiffened at the unmissable profound coldness in his voice. In a split second, she knew that the man could only be Jake. 
“Mr. Wilson.” Jonas turned and threw a glance at Jake before he stood up to greet him nonchalantly. 
Megan could only blink her eyes and gave him an awkward smile as she was unable to sit up from the bed. She shuddered again at the man’s intimidating gaze which was as cold as an abyss. It was as if his penetrating gaze could pierce through her bandage and plaster, freezing her skin. 
“We are just having a chat.” Megan twitched her lips and muttered as she glanced at Jake. The man, who was wearing a black coat, was leaning against the door coolly with his arms crossed over his chest. At that very moment, he looked like a mafia boss or a bodyguard in an action movie. 
Feeling doubtful of Megan’s words, Jake snickered and strode into the ward. The single room which was not really spacious appeared to be a bit crowded in an instant. 
He fixed his intimidating gaze on Jonas’ face without sparing any glance at Megan.
###Chapter 3270
Chapter 3270 The Argument Between Jake And Jonas 
“The fabled artiste of Sky Entertainment is having a chat with a newbie in the same ward? Are you intending to provide more cover stories for the paparazzi? Don’t you think that the company has spent enough to cover your earlier rumors?” 
Jake continued to glare at Jonas as he sneered at him. His provocative questions and icy-cold tone escalated the tense atmosphere in the ward in an instant. 
The two men were glaring at each other with blazing eyes as if they were opponents on the boxing rink. Megan started to feel anxious; yet, she was unable to stop both of them with her current state. 
Her face turned grim as she was infuriated by Jake’s harshness. Unable to hold back her rising anger, she snapped coldly, “It’s very kind of Jonas to pay me a visit and keep me company here. Can you try to be polite to my visitor?” 
Upon hearing her words, Jake bit his lips as a glint of ferocity flashed across his eyes. 
Jonas’s indifference was not the least bit affected by Jake’s grim look. 
He gestured to Megan to silence her and said casually, “Mr. Wilson, Megan is a great woman. You’re wealthy and powerful. Instead of doubting her feeling for you, I feel that you should think of how to eliminate any possibilities of her being targeted and bullied by others again.” 
Jake was displeased with Jonas. It sounded as if he was merely a paranoid and incompetent man. Jonas was apparently reprimanding him for being unable to protect Megan from being bullied this round. 
After all, he is just an outsider. Does he think he has the right to interfere?
Jake’s face became grimmer when he sneered, “Of course, I don’t have to doubt her on that. Yet, I really doubt what’s your intention to approach her. As for whatever bullying that was mentioned by you, you’d better check with her first if she is willing to let me help her.” 
Megan knitted her brows the moment she heard Jake’s words. 
Huh! So this arrogant man is hinting that I can only blame myself for being bullied as I refused to get his help? Fine, I won’t trouble him anymore! 
“Jake Wilson, it’s alright. I would never ask for your help and trouble you again!” Megan blurted out in great displeasure and indirectly intensified his frustration. 
Taking a deep breath, he took some time to suppress the fury within himself and asked placidly, “So both of you have actually discussed earlier and decided to treat me this way, haven’t you?” 
Despite Jake’s placid tone, both Jonas and Megan could sense his stifled exasperation from the burning flames in his eyes. He was obviously seconds from an explosion. 
“You think too much. We have never thought of that. Yet, I really dislike it when you doubt anyone without proper judgment. You should learn to trust people and stop making wild guesses.” 
Even though Megan could foresee that she would further trigger Jake’s rage, she still voiced out her opinions. 
Jake’s calmness was easily shattered by her words. Clenching his fists, his face darkened and his stare became vicious. 
He snorted, “If that’s how you feel, I can only say that you are far too innocent. You’re still criticizing others for making assumptions despite your foolishness? How ridiculous is that!”
“Mr. Wilson, mind your words! Don’t you think that this is too much?” Jonas raised his voice and rebuked Jake for being bossy and harsh toward Megan. It was obvious that he was not intimidated by Jake. 
“Keep your mouth shut!” Jake snapped at Jonas. He was already at the peak of his fury. If it was not because Megan was injured and lying in bed, he would surely throw a punch at him to vent his anger. 
Megan shut her eyes in weariness when the argument was getting louder. She was lost, not knowing how she should appease Jake and talk Jonas into giving up on speaking up for her. 
Her temples started to throb as her mind was filled with inexplicit complex emotions. 
Knock! Knock! A young nurse knocked abruptly on the door and emerged with a stern look, reminding them to keep quiet so as not to interrupt other patients in the hospital. 
Jonas finally cooled his head off in embarrassment. Meanwhile, Jake was leaning against the wall silently and stole a glance at Jonas from time to time. 
Megan could sense Jake’s profound hostility toward Jonas. Before the tense atmosphere was further intensified, she hinted to Jonas, “Jonas, you go back first. Let’s chat again when I get discharged later.”
###Chapter 3271
Chapter 3271 Megan Has Feeling For Jake 
Jonas could only agree with Megan reluctantly. He knew that he did not have any right to say anything at the moment. 
The next moment, he bent down to tuck the stray strands of Megan’s hair behind her ear; yet, she turned slightly to dodge his hand. None of them was aware that Jake happened to see everything. 
Jonas’ smile froze on his face as he put down his hand and responded in embarrassment, “Alright, I’ll make a move first. Remember to give me a call if you need anything.” 
Jonas could only nod at her before stepping out of the ward. Clack! When the door of the ward was closed again, Megan was left alone with Jake in the ward. 
Looking up and staring blankly at the ceiling, Megan did not utter a word. 
She was not in the mood to say anything. After all, he only trusts himself. No matter what the others say or have in their mind, it appears to be something foolish for him!” 
“You seem to get along well with him!” Jake broke the silence by commenting placidly. 
Megan turned instinctively and glanced obliquely at him. Instantly, her entire body tensed at Jake’s comment. 
After pondering for a while, she finally responded by refuting sarcastically, “Jonas is my friend. How can we be friends if I can’t get along with him?” 
What a sarcastic reply! There was a self-deprecating smile on Jake’s grim face.
He mumbled, “Alright, I’ll grant your wish if you insist on that. As long as you can admit that you are not the real Megan, I will let go of you. Apart from that, I’ll forget about whatever punishment that I’ve mentioned earlier. Just pretend that we haven’t met each other before.” 
Joan’s heart flinched at the bitterness of his smile. She wanted to say something in order to smoothen the crease on his forehead; yet, she could not utter any words which were stuck in her throat. 
So he’s already thinking of letting go of me? 
Megan turned to gaze at him. As they locked gazes, both of them could detect each other’s indecipherable mixed feelings from the reflection in their eyes. 
She could not understand why Jake insisted on her making a choice between him and Jonas. The fact was both of them were equally important to her! 
Jake’s domineeringness was too suffocating for her at times. She could actually grab the opportunity to flee from him; yet, she was unable to convince herself why she had to do so. 
As she had fallen for him long ago, she could not resist letting go of her feeling for him. 
“I can’t do it!” Megan yelled out suddenly. Tightening her grip on the blanket, she raised her head to look at the man, who was facing her with his head lowered. Standing against the light, his countenance was shielded by the glare, as if shrouded by a mysterious veil. 
“Oh, is it?” Jake replied briefly and glanced at her perfunctorily. Feeling a bit dejected, he straightened up and was about to stride out of the ward. 
Her heart skipped a beat at his indifference. Unable to move, she mustered up her courage by yelling, “Can you stay longer to accompany me?”
Jake froze in his steps and turned to look at Megan. She could feel the throbbing pain in her heart when his gloominess came into sight. At the same time, her heart was filled with a rush of guilt. 
“If you’re bored, I’ll ask Jonas to come and keep you company later,” he shifted his gaze away from her and said sarcastically, trying to withhold the frustration within himself. 
Megan was dumbfounded and asked indignantly, “I’m sorry for being blunt a while ago. Please stop teasing me again. You know that there’s really nothing between me and him, don’t you?” 
Megan realized that she had something in common with Jake. Both of them could be persuaded by reason but not by force. She knew that she had to appease him by all means, and could not leave him boiling with rage. 
Although they were always bickering with each other, she did not have the intention to infuriate the arrogant man. 
“Where’s your haughtiness a while ago when he was here? It seems that you are double-faced and good at twisting your words!” Jake gritted and snickered at the woman lying on the bed. He was exceptionally patient with her all this while. If others dared to say so to him, he would have unleashed his wrath on them long ago.
###Chapter 3272
Chapter 3272 Megan Tries To Appease Jake 
Megan smiled in embarrassment and tried to pacify him by saying coquettishly, “Ah! These are two different things. It’s challenging for me to be the middle person between you and him, too. He was just being impetuous just now so I was actually trying to speak up for him so he won’t further infuriate you. Come on, just be sporting and don’t take it seriously.” 
Nonetheless, the man was utterly unmoved by her cloying tone. 
Gazing at Megan in great displeasure, he pulled the chair next to her bed aside and sat down. Twitching his lips, he enunciated grimly, “Are you sure you know how to coax men? I’m repulsed by your pretentious way of pleasing me.” 
Megan stiffened at once and pursed her lips. Her coyness was gone within seconds. Glancing helplessly at the man with a devastating good look, Megan mumbled, “Alright, I get what you mean now. Dear Mr. Wilson, what am I supposed to do in order to beg for your forgiveness?” 
Jake softened at her words and raised his brows. He stood up and bent down swiftly. In a blink of an eye, his face was only inches away from Megan’s. 
“W-What’s the matter with you?” Megan stammered in bewilderment. She was stunned as she stared stiffly into the man’s charming eyes. 
“Give me a kiss!” 
Megan blushed instantly as she felt Jake’s warm breath on her face. As their faces were only inches away from each other, she could even see every pore on the man’s face. Her own reflection was visible in the man’s crystal clear amber eyes. At that very moment, she was mesmerized by his long, curly lashes which were fluttering as he blinked his eyes.
Bedazzled by the man’s great charm, she was in a daze. In her eyes, none of the men was as stunning as him. Even Jonas’s good looks were not comparable with his. Somehow, Jake was exceptionally charming by giving off a vibe of domineeringness and steadiness. 
“Why are you looking at me like that? Do it now!” Jake urged her impatiently. 
Megan was brought back to reality by him within seconds. Blinking her eyes constantly, she was overcome by a sense of awkwardness. 
“Huh… do I have to kiss you?” Megan asked hesitantly with a blush. Even though both of them had had steamy intimate sessions previously, she could not help feeling awkward by giving him a kiss. 
A surge of frustration welled up from within him when he sensed her hesitance. When he was about to straighten up and leave, he was stunned by a sudden warm sensation from her lips. As he lowered his head instantly, he was surprised to see Megan’s flushed red cheeks. Besides, she was apparently avoiding having any eye contact with him. 
So she was acting deliberately to let me down just now, and planted the kiss on my lips when I was not aware? Feeling amused by what was playing in her mind, Jake chuckled. What a cunning woman! 
“Hmm, not bad!” His gloomy face was miraculously brightened up by her kiss in an instant. 
Jake recalled how Megan dodged when Jonas offered to tuck her hair behind her ear a while ago; yet, she willingly gave him a kiss as requested. He was over the moon at how she treated both of them differently. For Megan, he was apparently at a higher status than Jonas. 
“You are not angry now?” Megan asked warily, fearful of enraging the man again. As the man was still staring straight at her, she thought he was still in exasperation.
Jake glanced at her and sat back. After pondering for a while, he finally replied placidly, “Yeah, I know that there’s nothing between you and Jonas. You have the freedom to have your own friends, too. However, I can’t pretend that I don’t mind what comes into view. Just bear in mind not to let me see anything that I don’t like.” 
Jake felt that he was already treating Megan unusually well by being lenient with her. Nevertheless, he was green with envy whenever she was seen closer to any man. 
“Ah! Really? Are you being serious?” Megan asked excitedly. 
Her face lit up and her eyes widened in disbelief. 
“There’s no need for me to lie to you.” Jake glanced at her meaningfully and pinched her cheek lightly. 
Megan was relieved and her lips curved into a smile. She nodded thankfully at Jake with smiling eyes and grabbed hold of his hand instinctively. 
It means I can continue to befriend Jonas! This man can be understanding in a way too! 
Later, Jake asked her about the incident which caused her to sustain her injuries. After she described to him what had happened, he told Megan that he had to leave at once to settle something. Somehow her instinct told her that he was actually going to confront Mia on behalf of her. 
No matter how Megan tried to hold him back from confronting Mia by convincing him that she was just sustaining minor injuries, she had a feeling that he would not listen to her.
###Chapter 3273
Chapter 3273 Megan Joins A Reality Show 
She did not have any concrete evidence to prove that Mia was the mastermind manipulating everything. Moreover, there was nothing much she could say after Osmond spoke up for Mia on the spot at that time. 
Hence, she could only endure silently as there was nothing she could do at the moment. 
She only had herself to blame for underestimating Mia’s insidiousness in playing mind games. 
Other than being arrogant, Mia was apparently not her usual self anymore. As Mia’s manager, Osmond must have indirectly trained her into a scheming and insidious person. 
Megan was upset about losing the golden opportunity of joining Let’s Run due to her sudden injury. She could only try her luck to be shortlisted as the special guest for the second season. 
Nevertheless, things did not turn out as expected by her. 
To her surprise, she received a call from the director of Let’s Run the day after she was discharged. The latter offered her the chance to be the last special guest shortlisted for the filming of the reality show. 
The moment she received the invitation from the director, she felt a rush of complex emotions. She knew almost at once who was the mighty person enabling the twist to the current situation. 
After hanging up the phone, Megan was lost in her own thoughts. 
Whenever a man fell head over heels for a woman, it was just natural for him to think of giving her a hand and fulfilling her dreams by all means. Nevertheless, Megan disliked it when others stepped in all
of a sudden to meddle with her things. In other words, she preferred to find her own way to sort things out. 
What she had gone through in the previous life had taught her into having a different perspective for everything in this life. She realized the importance of having her feet on the ground, instead of having unrealistic dreams. Furthermore, she tended to mind others’ perceptions of her and yearned to live a simple life for the rest of “this” life without being influenced by anyone. 
“Megan, what’s the matter with you? Are you daydreaming? If I’m not mistaken, the director mentioned that you have to fly to Lostaria for the filming of the show, right?” Donna patted Megan’s shoulder when she saw her staring off into the space. 
Megan came to her herself and glanced at Donna. She let out a deep sigh when she recalled how she had caused Donna a lot of inconveniences while she was hospitalized for the past few days. 
“I’m not going. If I’m not wrong, Jake was the one who pulled strings for me this round. If not, it’s impossible that I’ll be given the opportunity to join the reality show at the last minute.” 
Upon hearing her words, Donna advised her anxiously, “Megan, don’t let this chance slip away easily. I’m sure Mr. Wilson is willing to do so for you because he has feelings for you. I know that you have never requested him to help you with this and it’s solely out of his sincerity. God knows if all the other special guests are given the chance to join the reality show by having a deal with the director through back door as well?” 
“After all, it’s a norm in showbiz. Megan, even if you wish to have your career advanced in this field based on your own capability, you should at least wait till you have gained a certain level of popularity. When the condition is stabilized later, you would be able to make your own decision and have more choices, isn’t it?”
Talking about the norm in showbiz, nobody knew better than Megan. Of course, I know about the tricks! I know it so well! 
In an instant, snippets of the miserable moments in her previous life flashed across her mind like a series of never-ending waves. She recalled how she had tried to please those well-known directors numerous times just to grab a chance for Herman. 
The so-called tricks and rules in showbiz were nothing new to her. Nonetheless, she was not her usual self in this life. At the moment, she was repulsive by the trend of securing one’s career with a shortcut. 
Thus, she gazed at Donna and asked hesitantly, “Donna, you really think that I should grab the chance and join the reality show this round? I’m reluctant to be Jake’s slave by accepting his offer.” 
Donna shook her head and grabbed Megan’s hands. She looked intently into her eyes and motivated her sincerely, “Don’t be so pessimistic! Think of it this way, Mr. Wilson is just your benefactor, who is sort of recommending you to the director. It’s different from selling yourself and being enslaved by him. What’s more, you really look forward to joining this reality show, don’t you?” 
Yeah, it is undeniable that Jake is my benefactor. Even if I know that I would be at risk by approaching him, I still could not resist it. 
She had to agree with Donna’s point of view. After thinking it through, her hesitance and bewilderment vanished within seconds. Alright, l will just accept Jake’s offer and pay back his kindness. In this life, I must put a lot of effort to be a successful person in order to repay kindness bestowed by others! 
The next day, Megan met up with the production crew for the filming of the reality show and headed for Lostaria.
There were other five special guests for the reality show, but Megan had only crossed paths with Silas before in her previous life. Even though all five of them were fabled artists at that time, Megan did not really have a chance in getting to know more about them. She had spent most of her precious time entertaining the directors on behalf of Herman. 
When Megan was on a flight with the others, it only came to her that she forgot to give Jake a call before that. Out of a sudden, she started to miss him. Oh! I will be far away from him for at least one week. I wonder if he will miss me as well.
###Chapter 3274
Chapter 3274 Jealous Much 
She shook her head to clear her mind before focusing on the script in her hands again. 
While Megan was engrossed in reading her script, someone walked over and snatched it from her. She tilted her head and saw Mia standing in front of her with full makeup on. 
“Wow, someone’s looking all professional here. Are you not tired? What are you reading?” Mia smirked and raised her brows while flipping through the script. 
Megan ignored her. She did not even bother to ask Mia what she was doing on the plane. 
After going through the pages for a short while, Mia threw it back and sneered, “Is this a joke? Thank goodness I didn’t go for the casting call. You actually sought Jake’s help to secure this role? How embarrassing!” 
The color drained out of Megan’s face. She had been putting up with Mia since the day she was hospitalized. Yet, Mia continuously challenged her patience. What’s wrong with this stupid woman? 
“Oh, really? Embarrassing?” Megan let out a mirthless laugh and raised her brows. 
Upon seeing Megan’s reaction, Mia felt intimidated. But she was not ready to give in. 
Mia took a step back and tidied her honey-brown hair. “Are you not embarrassed? You’ve tried so hard to win Jake’s heart; yet, what you get in return is this ridiculous role. It’s either you’re too stupid, or he just doesn’t love you that much.” 
“Jealous much?” Megan continued to trample on Mia’s ego. She was not ready to back off.
Mia’s face turned pale instantly, but she still put on a tough front and scoffed, “Why would I be jealous of you? Do you know where I am going? I’ll be attending the Icon Fashion Show. Thank God I’m not involved in your stupid show. Otherwise, I would have missed the opportunity to enter the fashion industry.” 
Upon hearing the name ‘Icon Fashion Show’, Megan froze for a moment. 
Though she was not active in the fashion industry, she knew Icon Fashion Show was a critically- acclaimed fashion event of the year. 
Many celebrities would attend the mega event to keep up with the latest fashion trends, but the organizer would only invite a selected few to the fashion show. Besides, no one would even entertain the attendees if they were nobodies with limited knowledge of fashion. 
Megan was sure that someone must have helped her secure a place in the fashion show. Otherwise, with her capabilities, there was no way for her to be there. 
“Jealous much?” Now it was Mia’s turn to rub it in Megan’s face upon seeing how shocked she was. 
Yet, Megan took a glance at Mia and replied nonchalantly, “I’m sorry, but I don’t know what you’re talking about.” 
Since not many newcomers in showbiz knew what the Icon Fashion Show was, Megan decided to play ignorant and deliver a casual blow to her ego. 
“You don’t even know what the Icon Fashion Show is?” Mia looked at Megan in disbelief and pointed at her. “You might as well return to the village and become a farmer for the rest of your life!” 
Upon seeing how mad Mia was, a corner of Megan’s lips quirked up.
I can understand why she exploded with rage. She’s jealous that I’ve gotten her dream role; yet at the same time, I wasn’t bothered by what she has accomplished. I guess this is a double whammy for her.
###Chapter 3275
Chapter 3275 Get A Taste Of Your Own Medicine 
“Why would I return to the village now? I’ve yet to settle the old scores with you,” Megan smirked. 
Mia definitely knew what she was talking about. Instead of retaliating, she took a step back, and her face turned pallid. 
In the past, Mia would have easily laughed off Megan’s threat. But now that Megan had strong support behind her, Mia could not help but put her guard up. 
Upon seeing the fear in Mia’s face, Megan snorted and grinned. “Don’t worry. This is between you and me, so I’ll avenge myself.” 
Mia was stunned for a bit as she did not seem to understand what she was saying. But she believed Megan would not get Jake to avenge her. 
There’s nothing for me to worry about as long as Jake is not involved. I have Starling Media behind me, and she has Sky Entertainment. I shouldn’t be afraid of her. 
Though Megan had snatched the role Mia wanted, Mia believed she could always make a comeback by securing another similar role. 
Mia regained her composure and started studying the woman in front of her closely. She’s no longer the Megan I used to know. 
Mia started having flashbacks of how Megan was in the past and remained silent for a moment. “You surprised me, Megan. Back in those days, you would have suffered in silence, but now, you’ve changed.” 
That sounded like a sarcastic remark, but what Mia said was true.
Indeed, Megan used to be passive and inarticulate, but the hatred in her ran so deep that she had completely changed her personality. 
Megan looked at Mia’s gorgeous face and could not help but think of the past. She tilted her head and tried to hide her disgust before responding with a nod. “You’re right, Mia, but life will not always go your way. I’ll make sure you get a taste of your own medicine.” 
Megan’s threat instantly sent chills down Mia’s spine. She could even see her eyes fuming with anger and hatred. 
Mia instantly felt intimidated as she had never seen Megan like this before. 
She’s just a country bumpkin, and I’m an emerging star in showbiz. She can’t intimidate me like this. 
Mia looked away and tried not to let her emotions get the best of her. She took a deep breath and said, “Is that so? We shall see what you can do then.” 
Upon seeing how Mia tried to calm her nerves, Megan could not help but laugh. Mia, oh, Mia. I’ll make sure you go through everything I’ve been through. 
Megan and the production crew finally touched down some ten hours later. They got down the plane and immediately rushed to their destination. 
Before leaving, Megan took a glance around the airport but did not see Mia. I wonder who brought her here. 
Nonetheless, Megan did not that let that bother her. 
Megan was keen to explore Lostaria, but the long flight had taken a toll on her. After checking into the hotel, she immediately hopped onto the bed and took a nap.
But before she could fall asleep, her phone rang. 
Initially, Megan wanted to ignore the call, but she thought it could be Jake returning her call earlier. 
Megan immediately bounced up from the bed and grabbed the phone by the bedside table. It was a call from an unknown number.
###Chapter 3276
Chapter 3276 She Is Doomed 
She was disappointed that it was not Jake. At the same time, she hesitated for a bit before answering the call, “Hello?” 
“It’s me, Herman.” 
A vortex of disgust instantly swirled inside her, and she did not want to entertain him at all. 
Just when Megan was about to end his call, Herman immediately stopped her. “Don’t hang up on me first! I saw your production crew at the airport earlier, so I called to see if you wish to have lunch with me.” 
He saw us at the airport? 
Megan did not believe his words. She raised her brows and replied in a deep voice. “You expect me to believe you? Anyway, Mia is in Lostaria too. You should ask her out instead.” 
“And please don’t call my first name. I don’t know you that well.” Megan rolled her eyes. She had no intention to teach this man a lesson right now as she knew he was just a weakling. 
“But I don’t want to see her. I want to meet you. Please?” 
A line formed between Megan’s brows. What’s wrong with him? Has he lost interest in Mia? 
Don’t tell me he has fallen under the spell of my charms. 
Megan could not help but giggle at that ridiculous thought. 
Herman had no clue why she giggled all of a sudden. “What is so funny?”
“Nothing.” Megan stopped laughing and turned her attention back to Herman. 
Honestly, I don’t think he wouldn’t be more attracted to me than Mia. What does he want from me? 
Megan’s expression turned grim. She felt it was not the time to teach him a lesson yet, but since he asked for it, she might as well take this opportunity to make him pay the price. 
“Where would you like to have lunch? Think of a restaurant and send me the location,” Megan said. 
Herman was a little dumbstruck by her sudden change of attitude. He froze for a bit before he responded, “All right, I’ll send you the details.” 
After taking a glance at the address from his text, Megan got changed and departed. 
A few moments later, Megan arrived at the restaurant. She looked at the exquisite interior design of the building and instantly knew it was a high-end restaurant. There were not many people at the premises during the lunch break. 
She deliberately came earlier because she wanted to see how Herman would react since it was his turn to wait for her. In the past, Megan was the one who always had to wait for him in all kinds of unfavorable weather conditions. 
Megan sat at a table right at the other hand, savoring western cuisine and red wine. Upon seeing a familiar face walking into the restaurant, she quickly turned her head away. 
Herman had arrived. 
Megan sat right behind Herman’s table, and they were sitting right behind each other. Herman was not aware that the person behind him was the woman he was eager to meet.
About thirty minutes later, Megan finished her meal and was about to leave the restaurant. Just before she left, she overheard him talking over the phone. 
“She’s still not here. I’ve waited for that ugly b*tch for nearly half an hour now,” Herman said, “Don’t worry. I’m well-prepared. I’ll snap her naked photos tonight. She’s doomed for sure.” 
Megan heard every word he said. A fierce glint flashed through her eyes, and she clenched her fists while trying to contain her rage. 
Once the man ended the call, Megan stood up and intentionally knocked her chair against his to get his attention. By the time Herman turned around, Megan had already stood beside him.
###Chapter 3277
Chapter 3277 Let Us Have Some Fun 
Herman nearly jumped with fright. Fear was written all over his face, and he instantly stood up and put on a wry smile. “Hey, when did you arrive?” 
Megan hid away her disgust and responded with a smile. “I was at the washroom earlier. When I was about to eavesdrop on your conversation over the phone, I accidentally knocked against your chair. Oh well, you got me.” 
Herman doubted her explanation as she seemed to be in a bad mood. Yet, he decided to play along since he still had to accomplish his mission. 
“It’s all right. Come! Let’s order. I’m famished!” Herman smiled broadly and flipped through the menu. 
Megan, on the other hand, looked disinterested. While he was busy going through the menu, Megan looked out of the window and saw a casino nearby. 
Lostaria was famous for its casinos. The neon lights the casino projected reminded her of all the debts she had settled for him. 
I almost forgot that he was addicted with gambling. 
Megan could not help but laugh at herself for helping him settle his debts. She used to believe that one day, he would turn over a new leaf. I was too naive then. 
“Shall we skip dinner? I mean, we’re in Lostaria now. Shouldn’t we go out and have some fun instead?” Megan proposed with a smile. 
Herman paused for a moment. He felt that he did not understand the woman enough to know what was on her mind. But it seemed she was trying to take of the situation there.
“Why don’t we have dinner first?” It was clear that Herman was not ready to give in. 
Megan responded with a grin before shooting daggers at him. “But we’re in Lostaria. Don’t tell me you’re afraid of losing money? Come on, be a man!” 
At this point, Herman had yet to be addicted to gambling, but he would eventually. Megan thought it was the right time for her to give him a little push. 
“But…” Herman hesitated. There was no way for him to go out and have some fun since he had yet to accomplish what he intended to do. He came up with an excuse to turn her down. “I didn’t bring a lot of money with me since I’m here for a talk show. How about next time?” 
“Don’t worry about it. I have the money. I can lend you fifty thousand at zero interest. If you win, you take the money, and I’ll take ten percent of it. If you lose, no worries, I won’t ask you to pay back.” 
This was the common trick casino used to attract guests over, and Herman was aware of it. Even though he hesitated for a moment, somehow, he seemed to have more faith in Megan. 
Upon seeing the doubt on his face, Megan smiled and said, “Let’s go and win us some money so that we can buy a drink or two and have some fun together tonight. Shall we?” 
Herman’s eyes brightened upon hearing that suggestion as he enjoyed drinking. 
Besides, it would be much easier for him to complete his task if he managed to get her drunk. 
Without hesitation, he closed the menu, adjusted the gold frame of his glasses, and smiled with a nod. “All right. Let’s do that.” 
Soon, they arrived at the biggest casino in Lostaria. Megan took out fifty thousand and handed the money over to Herman.
Parting with the money she earned from product endorsements and commercials was difficult, but she had to make this sacrifice in order to teach Herman a lesson. 
The casino was full of men and women from all walks of life. They walked around the hall while figuring out which game they wanted to play. 
While Megan remained unaffected by the scene as she was used to the atmosphere in the casino, Herman, who visited the casino for the first time, was instantly hooked. 
“Have you decided what do you want to play?” Megan asked while shooting a sullen glare at him. 
She was waiting for the right time to strike.
###Chapter 3278
Chapter 3278 First Win 
“I’ve decided. Let’s play the 24 Game.” 
Herman was full of confidence and his eyes were gleaming as if he had won the lottery. 
At the gaming table, Megan felt slightly amused as she observed Herman at the side. She could see a mixture of anticipation and fear in the man’s eyes. It seemed like he was very attracted to the risk- taking nature of gambling. 
The dealer had hyped up the atmosphere at the table and everyone had their eyes on her hands as she dealt the cards, while feeling a rush of adrenaline. 
“All the cards have been dealt,” the dealer announced. 
Herman’s pupils constricted as he lifted the corner of his cards. The total of all his cards was just fourteen. 
Megan raised her brows as she turned her gaze towards Herman and saw his conflicted, and excited expression. She no longer cared about that fifty thousand. 
At that moment, other than winning, that man could no longer think about anything else. He had already gotten addicted and was on the road to no return. 
Indeed, it was impossible for Herman to stop there. He kept requesting more cards and soon, it was time to reveal the cards. 
For someone like Herman who was new to gambling, his addiction to gambling would only grow if he kept winning, as he enjoyed the feeling of effortless gain.
“Ah! I won! Megan, these are all my winnings!” the man exclaimed. 
The surrounding crowd was not surprised at the results when the cards were revealed. However, as it was Herman’s first time at the gambling table, he bolted up from the chair excitedly and swept all the chips towards himself. 
The other gamblers who were at the table felt slightly uneasy at the sight and exchanged looks with one another while glancing at their own cards dejectedly. 
Megan let out a faint smile. At that instant, Herman looked nothing like the dashing and elegant gentleman on screen. He was no different from a madman who was enjoying the taste of victory without any restraint. 
“Megan, let’s carry on! I have a feeling that I’ll be able to win a lot of money today!” Herman hugged his chips and had a delightful expression on his face. However, Megan was disgusted by the exaggerated look on his handsome face. 
I must have been blind to like him in our past lives. 
“Yup, I agree. Luck seems to be shining on you,” Megan replied while forcing a demure smile on her face and nodded her head sincerely. She felt that some flattery was still necessary. 
To Herman, Megan’s support was a great encouragement. 
Unable to calm down, he couldn’t help but grab Megan’s shoulders and pull her into his arms. “Megan, you must be my lucky star! I’ve decided to give you forty percent of my total winnings today!” 
As Herman was hugging her so tightly, Megan felt like she was suffocating and was gasping for air. She gritted her teeth and held back the urge to kill him.
This man does not have any self-awareness at all! Does he not know that he’s trash? Why is he throwing himself at me! 
“Let go of me. I don’t need to have a share of your winnings,” Megan replied. 
The frostiness in her voice sent a chill down Herman’s spine, especially in contrast to the bustling atmosphere of the surroundings. Herman lifted his head and looked at the woman, his high spirits dampened by her words. 
Feeling perplexed, he asked, “Why does it seem as if you have turned into a totally different person?” 
After clearing her throat, Megan forced out a smile and replied, “Oh, I mean if you win, I only want my capital back.” 
Megan’s clear and bright eyes were like stars shining in the night sky, gentle and kind. Herman fell into a daze momentarily and thought that he must be hallucinating earlier on. It was undeniable that the woman in front of him had an indescribable amiable aura. 
Never mind, why am I overthinking? I shouldn’t be preoccupied with such thoughts at a casino in Lostaria! I should be acting on my instincts instead! 
Herman shook his head to clear his mind and the suspicious look on his face disappeared. He looked at his chips smilingly and scanned the area for the next gambling table for him to prove his abilities once again. 
“Sure, Megan. If I manage to win, I will definitely return your capital.” 
Seeing how confident he was, Megan couldn’t help but mock Herman silently in her heart. The man was still dreaming of becoming rich without doing anything to earn it.
###Chapter 3279
Chapter 3279 Moneylender 
Since that was the case, she wouldn’t mind witnessing his downfall. She knew that Herman was about to fall into a deep abyss and never find a way out. 
Half an hour later, after observing the situation at multiple gambling tables, Herman seemed to have decided on his next game. 
This time around, Megan did not bother to squeeze through the crowd to look at Herman’s cards. She merely stood at one side and waited patiently. 
“That’s impossible!” 
After some time, an agonizing bellow was heard from the gambling table. 
Megan was not surprised at all to hear that painful yell. She let out a slight smile with a hint of malice, basking in the satisfaction it gave her. 
“Excuse me, please let me through. My friend is there!” Megan pushed through the crowd who was enjoying the show and forced her way towards the gambling table. 
At the table, Herman had lost all his chips and was hugging his head helplessly with a deep crease between his brows. 
Megan, who was standing behind him, could not help but feel slightly emotional as she witnessed that scene. 
She had seen that powerless figure countless times. Herman shirked all responsibilities and was unable to handle even a slight amount of stress. All he knew was to leave the mess for her to clean up.
Well, Megan had regained over herself and was no longer emotionally affected by that familiar figure. 
“Winning and losing are all part of life. You should know better as you are more educated than me.” Megan stood next to Herman and comforted him with a warm smile on her face, just like a gentle and affectionate elder sister. 
However, Herman, who did not have any chips left, was unable to let go of his loss. He gambled because he wanted to win, and also because he cared about his ego. 
At the present moment, he was almost losing his rationality. All he needed was just another trigger. 
“Nope, I won’t lose. Megan, do you still have any money left?” Herman turned his head back slightly and asked. 
His expression was that of stubbornness, with a hint of viciousness and ruthlessness. Megan felt a shiver run down her spine as it was the first time she saw such fierceness in Herman. 
After composing herself, the woman pursed her lips and replied, “I don’t have any money left. What I took out just now was all I had. Besides, I brought less than a hundred bucks with me today. Should we just call it a day?” Megan tried to persuade Herman patiently. 
However, Herman’s expression suddenly changed and he lost his temper with everyone watching. “Give me money! I’ll definitely be able to make a comeback if I have more capital!” 
That was the mindset of every gambler. All of them had absolute confidence in themselves that they would be able to turn the tides in their favor. However, it would be too late for regrets when the end result was apparent. 
“Really? Are you really confident that you will be able to make a comeback?” Megan asked Herman uncertainly. Noticing her flickering eyes, Herman was sure that she had money but did not want to give
it to him. 
“Yes, I am absolutely confident!” The man replied firmly. His eyes had turned bloodshot while waiting eagerly for Megan’s reply. However, the woman merely looked at him smilingly with no intention to speak. 
Just when he was getting anxious, Megan opened her mouth. “Sure, give me your passport and mobile phone. I’ll help to borrow some money from the moneylender at the entrance.” 
The crowd was stunned when they heard Megan’s suggestion. No one in their right minds would encourage their loved ones to borrow money from moneylenders. 
To the rest of the people, Megan and Herman seemed like an intimate couple. As such, it was unfathomable to them that the woman would make a suggestion that might turn out to be the greatest regret of the man’s life. 
Everyone exhibited different expressions and was lost in their own thoughts. 
The action at the gambling table had also come to a halt for quite a while as Herman had not placed his bet. Noticing that the man had run out of capital, the other gamblers at that table wanted to chase him away. 
Herman hesitated at Megan’s suggestion and could not make up his mind. It was as if he was glued to his seat, no matter how the others tried to pull him away or persuaded him to leave, he was unmoved and sat still at the table. 
Judging by the state the man was in, Megan knew she had already won half the battle. 
With a chuckle, she spoke, “Have you decided? If you get the money sooner, you will be able to recoup your losses sooner.” Even though the woman’s voice was as sweet as an angel’s, her words were so
terrifying that they gave goosebumps.
###Chapter 3280
Chapter 3280 Plotting Against Her 
Herman clenched his fists tightly, still unable to make up his mind. He was no fool and understood that those moneylenders were loan sharks. If he were unable to pay them back, it could very well be the end of him. 
Just as Herman was still hesitating, a middle-aged man, who was also at the table waiting to open the cards, couldn’t help but start to provoke him again. 
“Hey, loser. Can you quickly make up your mind? You shouldn’t even have come to the casino if you don’t even have the capital to play. You should go to the arcade instead!” 
Megan took a few glances at that man, hoping that he would continue inciting Herman. 
However, before anyone else commented any further, Herman took out his passport and mobile phone and passed them to Megan. 
The peaceful atmosphere a while ago turned aggressive as the two men glared at each other furiously. It seemed like a fight was going to break out anytime. 
Herman shouted through gritted teeth, “Borrow one hundred thousand for me. Let’s see if this sissy would still dare to mock me after I win over all his chips later!” 
Perfect. Megan took over the man’s mobile phone and passport and was unable to suppress her smile. Using those two items as collateral, there was no telling when Herman would be able to return to the country. 
“Sure, you continue playing first. I’ll go over there to borrow the money for you,” Megan agreed readily before heading towards the side entrance.
Holding on to Herman’s phone, she walked into the dark with her heart as cold as stone. 
Megan remembered that the man had answered a call at the restaurant earlier on. The caller wanted intimate photos of her in order to tarnish her reputation in the industry. 
Since she had Herman’s phone currently, the woman could easily check who that person was. 
After unlocking the phone, Megan checked the incoming call records. The last person who called turned out to be Mia. 
Mia… 
Megan’s hand trembled slightly as she let out a short, mirthless laugh. The light emitted by the phone’s screen was unable to penetrate the darkness in her eyes while she exuded an overwhelmingly cold aura. 
She suddenly understood the reason for Herman’s indifference when she told him that Mia was also in Lostaria. Those two people had it all planned out. 
Megan squeezed the phone tightly in her hands and took a deep breath. If it wasn’t for the fact that she needed to use the phone as collateral to loan money, she would have smashed it on the ground that very instant. 
After calming herself down, Megan proceeded to get the loan for Herman. She had used only his identification and did not divulge any of her personal details. 
Herman was still engrossed in the game back at the gambling table. The chips which he was using were temporary chips. When Megan saw him back at the table, she remembered instantly how he and Mia worked together to plot against her.
Resisting the urge to smash the chips onto his head, Megan handed them over to him and said, “I’ve gotten the chips for you.” 
She did not intend to fall out with the man before he lost that additional one hundred thousand. 
Herman was having so much fun at the game that when he saw the chips Megan brought him, he got even more excited. After thanking the woman half-halfheartedly, he emptied the chips onto the table. 
“Let’s carry on!” 
Megan saw how thrilled and happy Herman was and knew that he was about to meet his doom soon. The darkest hours of his life would arrive as soon as he depleted that money. 
Half an hour later, Herman seemed to have gotten a good hand after a few mediocre rounds. In fact, he was so confident that he had decided to bet all his chips. 
When the other gamblers saw that, they stared at each other in disbelief. Megan was rather shocked by his actions as well. As Herman was feeling extremely smug, he failed to notice that the dealer had exchanged a meaningful look with one of the other gamblers at the table. 
However, Megan had managed to catch sight of that. 
Obviously, just like her, the casino did not want Herman to win and the one who had of the game was the dealer.
###Chapter 3281
Chapter 3281 Cheating 
“Is there anyone else who would like to place your bets?” 
“Nope, just reveal the cards.” 
Herman was unable to conceal his delight when he heard that. He stood up immediately and turned his cards over with an ecstatic expression on his face. 
“24 points. All four million belongs to me now!” 
Everyone in the crowd could not help but glance at Herman’s cards which were laid out in front of him. However, the looks of envy on their faces turned into looks of confusion just a second later. 
“Is this man crazy?” 
“I didn’t know mentally-ill people are also allowed into the casino.” 
Hushed tones of discussion traveled to Megan and Herman’s ears and both of them had different expressions on their faces. The sum of the cards on the table made up to only 14 points, and not the 24 points Herman thought he had. 
Unable to believe his eyes, Herman slumped into the chair in shock. As if he had a sudden thought, his face suddenly lit up. 
Pointing at the dealer and the casino staff, the man started yelling hysterically, “You guys must have cheated! Otherwise, why would my cards be gone? I’m sure I had 24 points. Give me my four million!” 
It felt horrible to believe that something was yours only to see it slip away for a reason that did not make sense. Ignoring the casino’s bouncers who were slowly approaching him, Herman started
throwing a fit. 
Observing the situation, Megan knew that it spelled trouble for her too if the casino were to pursue the matter, as she had been seen together with Herman all the while. If that happened, the casino might take legal action against both of them. 
In order to protect herself, Megan no longer wanted to witness the commotion and left quietly by the casino’s backdoor while no one was watching. 
Shortly after, Megan got into a cab and hurried back to the hotel. 
She was finally able to heave a sigh of relief after she reached her hotel room and plopped herself onto the soft bed. She only felt a little better after thinking about what was going to happen to Herman next. 
The man would be faced with huge debts in addition to potential physical harm by both the loan sharks, who were likely part of the underworld, as well as the casino. 
My dear Herman, I bet you would never have expected that your smugness would be the cause of your downfall! 
Megan let out a cold sneer and felt a sense of serenity. In her past life, even though she was ignorant about many things, she knew Herman extremely well. There was no way that that useless man would be a match for her. 
However, Mia seemed to be getting out of hand. That woman was even instigating Herman to scheme against her! Thank God Herman is so dumb and I know him well. If it were another man, I might have already gotten into trouble. 
Megan’s expression darkened as she thought about that. She and Mia were in the same predicament currently. All they could do was to create problems for each other. None of them were actually capable
of destroying the other. 
Judging by the numerous moves Mia had made recently, Megan suspected that her ive was to force her out of the entertainment industry entirely. 
However, Mia was still not powerful enough to be capable of that. Megan decided that she would teach her sister a lesson to put her in her place after dealing with Herman. 
Ring! Ring! 
Still lost in deep thought, Megan was startled by the ringing of her phone and sat up on her bed. In a slight daze, she climbed out of bed and took her phone from the table. 
Taking a glance at the screen, she saw that it was Jake calling. 
Even though Megan hesitated to pick up the call, she still answered at the last minute. 
“Hello.” Megan heard the man’s sonorous voice the moment she put her phone to her ear and her heart skipped a beat. 
“What’s the matter?” Megan answered in low spirits, perhaps partly because of what happened at the casino earlier on and partly because she was upset with Jake for taking so long to return her call. 
Even Megan herself was not exactly sure why she was feeling so low. 
“I was in a meeting when you called me just now,” Jake replied indifferently as he sat in front of the desk at his office.
###Chapter 3282
Chapter 3282 Feelings 
Herman was smart enough to tell that Megan was feeling moody from the tone of her voice. He wanted to comfort her but there was also something that he wanted to verify. 
“Yup, I called to tell you that I’ve boarded the plane. I thought you might worry, so I called to let you know,” Megan replied placidly albeit with a hint of indignation in her voice as she said “I thought”. She played with her hair distractedly while chatting with Jake on her bed. 
Jake picked up the whiny tone in the woman’s voice which piqued his interest. Cocking his brows, he chuckled softly and the gloom on his face disappeared as he replied, “Yup, I was indeed worried about you. Right after my meeting, I found out that you had taken Herman to the casino. You even gave him your own money and he lost it all?” 
Megan was momentarily stunned to hear that. With a frown, she straightened her back and asked curiously, “How did you know that when you’re not even here?” 
Jake raised his brows and snorted softly. Holding a document in one hand, he replied, “I am wherever you are. I can’t let you escape from me. Anyway, don’t try to change the topic.” 
Jake had already told Megan previously that he had placed a few of his informants around her. However, he seldom mentioned to her the reports he received from his informants. 
That included her private meetings and conversations with Jonas. As such, she kept forgetting that she was actually constantly under Jake’s surveillance and felt uneasy when she was reminded of it. 
“You’re still keeping me under surveillance?” Megan asked with a hint of annoyance. 
After a moment of silence, Jake replied calmly, “I’m not keeping you under surveillance, I’m protecting you. The moneylender you took a loan from earlier on is from the most established underworld
organization in Lostaria. Be careful not to get into trouble. 
Megan froze for a second when she heard that. She was prepared for Jake to lecture her about going to a casino with a man or lending capital to a man to gamble. 
As such, she was surprised by what he actually said. Is he worried about me? 
“Are you… worried about me?” Megan struggled slightly to ask that question as if she was unable to believe that Jake was concerned about her. After all, their relationship with each other had been rather ambiguous all along. 
Jake did not seem to have detected the disbelief in the woman’s voice and replied in a serious and sincere tone, “Yup, don’t be so reckless next time. If you encounter any difficult situations over there, just give me a call.” 
Every word he spoke echoed in her mind and excited every part of her. Megan felt as if she was walking on clouds. 
So, he does care about me. Being in a foreign land all by herself, Megan felt especially warm at that thought. 
It always felt good to be missed by someone, just like how Garret was always thinking about Mia. Finally, she was also able to experience that feeling. 
Megan was in a delightful mood and felt warm and fuzzy inside. Beaming, she lay down on her bed and replied, “OK, I will. It’s getting late here. I should rest. I’ll contact you when I get back.” 
“Sure, have a good rest.” 
After the call ended, Megan hugged her blanket, unable to contain her smile.
What should I do? Am I falling for Jake? The woman felt that her feelings towards Jake were getting stronger. 
Even though she knew that she might plunge into an abyss if she did not stop, she was not willing to turn back. No matter what the outcome was, that was her choice. 
On her second day in Lostaria, Megan awoke from a beautiful dream. In that dream, she was getting married to Jake under the accompaniment of the Wedding March. She was dressed in a pure white gown and it was such a bliss. 
However, the relentless ringing of the alarm clock did not allow her to fall back into her dream. The woman had no choice but to wash up and meet up with the crew. 
At 8 a.m., the morning sun was shining brightly outside the hotel, casting a rosy hue in the sky. The crew enjoyed the fresh air while traveling in the car. Soon after, they reached the filming venue, a natatorium.
###Chapter 3283
Chapter 3283 Threat 
“You guys should be familiar with your scripts. We will be filming a running scene at the pool today and it will be quite strenuous. Remember to warm up properly,” the director briefed the group after bringing them to the pool area. 
Then, he instructed the artists to get prepared while asking the production crew to get the cameras ready. 
Megan looked around, observing her surroundings as well as the guest artists for the episode. While she was doing that, the scenes of Let’s Run from her past life surfaced in her mind. 
The first episode of Let’s Run was very well done, fully showcasing the lively and energetic sides of the artists and it turned out to be very popular among the younger crowd. 
The swimming pool episode that the crew was currently filming, which also happened to be the first episode of the program, had a similar theme. 
After the guest artists were done warming up, they went into the dressing room to change into their swimming costumes. At the same time, the filming equipment had also been set up and test shoots had already begun in the natatorium. 
“OK! I need everyone to stay focused. Even though we have a script, the performance will still depend on your effort,” the director said as he scanned the artists in front of him. Everyone tensed up when they saw the serious expression on his face. Actual filming was about to begin. 
After filming started, Megan’s performance remained stellar throughout. Even when she was pushed into the pool by the guys or when her face got hit by props, she kept the smile on her face and did not get angry.
The men at the filming site were all impressed with Megan’s professionalism and respected her tenacity. 
“Wow, Megan, I couldn’t tell that you’re so tough!” 
Bruce, who was in the same team as Megan, was just a D-list artiste. During break time, he couldn’t help but strike up a conversation with Megan. As he spoke, he wasn’t able to keep his eyes off her as they glimmered with excitement. 
Megan was sitting by the side of the pool and shot a glance at Bruce. However, she wasn’t very keen to talk to him. 
That was because, in her past life, that man started messing around after he became famous. To her, he was the epitome of a scumbag. 
“That’s nothing. I’m just being professional,” Megan replied only for the sake of their “camaraderie” as teammates. 
Bruce’s interest was piqued after seeing that the woman was being so cold towards him. 
Smiling, he sat down next to Megan by the side of the pool and just like her, started kicking his legs in the water casually. Only dressed in swimming trunks, the man left no gap between himself and Megan. 
“Tsk, tsk! Seems like you’re pretty aloof. There are not many women who can resist looking at me.” 
As Megan had her head lowered, Bruce, with his handsome face filled with curiosity, bent forward, trying to see her expression. 
However, Megan did not pay attention to the man. She was not the least attracted to Bruce, who flirted with women anywhere he went, especially when she already had Jake.
“Hey, why are you ignoring me?” 
Megan sat very still by the side of the pool, just like a statue. Apart from the short reply she gave him at the beginning of their conversation, she had completely ignored Bruce currently. 
“You are very noisy.” 
Megan, who had already lost her patience, took a side glance at the man coldly as the surrounding atmosphere suddenly turned heavy with awkwardness. 
Bruce was taken aback and shifted slightly backward subconsciously. After he regained his composure, he felt a flash of irritation. 
Until then, no women had dared to treat him in such a manner. 
Bruce’s tanned skin glistened with water droplets from the pool as he gritted his teeth and moved an inch closer to Megan. From afar, it seemed like the two of them were rather intimate and looked like they were almost kissing. 
“It seems like you’re not yet aware of the situation you’re currently in. We are at the other pool. Even if anything happened to you now, no one would be able to save you in time.” 
Megan couldn’t help but turn to look at Bruce after he threatened her. She wondered where he even got the guts to offend her. Could it be that he had done the same to other women before? 
Unfazed, she stood up calmly and looked down at Bruce, who was still sitting by the pool. With a sneer, she said, “How dare you threaten me? Do I look like a pushover to you?”
###Chapter 3284
Chapter 3284 What A Joke 
Her brazen words stunned Bruce. 
Looking away, he thought about who Megan’s patron was. The only person that came to his mind was Jonas, who was embroiled in a rumor together with her. 
Is she trying to be famous just by riding on Jonas’ popularity? What a joke. 
Standing up, Bruce stared at Megan with contempt written all over his face. 
“I can’t believe how arrogant you are. Do you really think that you’re that desirable?” 
When she heard his baseless accusations, Megan wasn’t even bothered to react. Just when she turned to leave, Bruce stopped her and pressed on with his questions. 
Can he not be so clingy? 
Rolling her eyes, Megan turned around and sneered, “Even if I am useless, you have no right to harass me. I think you need to wake yourself up in the pool. Let me help you with it.” 
Just as she spoke, Megan gave Bruce a sympathetic look before throwing her foot at him, kicking him into the pool with a loud splash. 
“You!” 
As Bruce knew how to swim, he stretched out his arms to help himself float. The rage within him had swelled to the brink of explosion. How dare this insolent woman kick me into the water? 
“Huh! Stay in there and calm yourself down. You are not that young. Can’t you differentiate by now whom you should and shouldn’t mess with?”
Megan no longer had any patience to talk to him. Obviously, he was frustrated because he couldn’t get what he wanted. 
Ignoring the curses behind her, Megan left the pool in exasperation before rejoining the film crew. Her mood had been drastically affected by what had happened. 
Since both of them seldom interacted in her past life, she now realized that Bruce was not only a playboy but also extremely annoying. 
“What’s wrong, Megan? Is something bugging you?” 
Silas was different from Bruce. One could easily see that he was someone honest and sincere. Hence, Megan didn’t resent his show of concern. 
She shook her head with her mind somewhere else. “It’s nothing. Filming is about to start, so let’s get ready.” 
Just as she spoke, Megan smiled at Silas before heading aside to warm up. Despite having something to say, Silas’ words seemed to be stuck in his throat instead. 
The filming session in the afternoon went exceptionally well. Although Megan and Bruce were involved in a minor altercation, they acted professionally and didn’t let their feelings get in the way of work. 
As they went through the day with mixed emotions, the day quickly ended before they knew it. 
At night, everyone returned to the hotel to rest. 
Sitting on her bed, Megan wanted to give Jake a call to chat about what happened during the day. However, when she considered the time difference, she figured that he must be in a meeting. Hence, she sighed as she decided against calling him.
Feeling bored overseas, Megan brought up her social media account and updated her status. 
However, in less than ten seconds, her account seemed to freeze before everything disappeared. 
“What’s going on?” 
Assuming that her phone was at fault, she waited for a few minutes before logging in again. The moment she saw the trending topics, she was shocked to her core. 
It read: Jonas revealed to be gay after late-night liaison with a rich man. 
Megan felt as if she was about to be blinded by the jarring words. Everything was fine the last time we met. How did things turn out this way? 
It must… it must be someone trying to smear his name. After all, she was certain that Jonas wasn’t gay. 
Confused, she quickly picked up her phone and gave Jonas a call. Unfortunately, no one answered.
###Chapter 3285
Chapter 3285 What A Coincidence 
What’s going on? 
Tightening her grip on the phone, she read through the article along with its pictures and evidence. Suddenly, she was no longer sure of her own judgment. Perhaps, he really is… 
“No, it’s impossible!” 
The evidence was so convincing that even those close to Jonas would begin to suspect him, let alone the fans who only got to know him through the media. 
Megan felt disturbed as she didn’t want to see him lose everything just like that. 
After all, the country was still conservative and discriminated against gays. As long as one was accused of being queer, the public’s perception of one would change. 
Just the thought of Jonas being ostracized caused Megan to feel indignant. After a slight hesitation, she got up and ran to Jerry’s room. 
The filming of the first episode of Let’s Run was more or less completed. The only task pending was some post-production work and any potential reshoots or changes in the script. 
However, all Megan could think of was Jonas and no longer had the patience to stay on. Knocking on Jerry’s door, she quickly explained the purpose of her visit. 
Within the small room, Jerry was sitting on a chair as he stared silently at Megan for a long time. 
Raising his gaze at her helplessly, he remarked with his eyes closed, “Silas just came by and told me that he wants to return home. This will result in the cast missing two crucial members which is
unacceptable. You will have to discuss with him who stays and who goes.” 
Silas? 
Megan was briefly stunned as she recalled his face, feeling confused. At such a crucial moment, she didn’t want anyone standing in her way. 
“Alright, I’ll see him right away.” 
Without any hesitation, Megan darted to Silas’ room at once. 
The moment she arrived, she banged on the door impatiently. 
“Coming.” With the sound of approaching footsteps, he opened the door and was greeted by Megan’s anxious expression. 
Surprised, Silas stepped aside to allow her to enter. After all, he had no idea why she suddenly visited. 
“What brings you here all of a sudden?” 
Upon entering, Megan saw his luggage on the floor. It was obvious that he was preparing to fly back today. 
Given the desperate circumstances, Megan furrowed her eyebrows and got to the point. “Mr. Thompson told me that you’re going back today. However, I want to go back too. But, he will only allow one of us to leave.” 
Silas quickly understood the situation given how clear Megan made herself. His gaze changed slightly as he scrutinized her.
“I may not be able to help you as the person I’m going to see is very important. If you tell me who you’re going back to see…” 
“I’m going back to see Jonas.” 
Megan interrupted him with a resolute answer. 
After being briefly stunned, a smile broke out on his face. As his eyes lit up, the frown he had on a moment ago dissipated. “It seems we are returning for the sake of the same person.” 
Having heard Silas’ words, Megan’s eyes widened in surprise. As she didn’t know Jonas that well in her past life, she naturally wasn’t aware of who his friends were either. Most of what she knew was just hearsay. 
“Is that so, what a coincidence.” Megan smiled with an unsettled look on her face. 
Cognizant that she was worried about Jonas, Silas patted her on the shoulder just like an elder brother would. “Alright now, don’t worry. During filming today, I had wanted to ask you about your thoughts with regards to Jonas. However, I didn’t expect something like this to happen at night.” 
Both of their moods were equally dampened as they were aware of what was to come. 
Clenching her fists, Megan recalled the numerous times Jonas had helped her. This time, she wanted to save him no matter what.
###Chapter 3286
Chapter 3286 Fullerton Hotel 
“Let’s talk about this next time. As of now, I really want to go back and see him. Once I do, I’ll update you on his situation.” 
Raising her head, Megan had a resolute expression on her face. Given that Silas understood where she was coming from, he didn’t insist on having his way. Nodding intently, he watched as she rushed out of the door. 
Taking the overnight flight back, Megan had never felt so troubled before. At that moment, she couldn’t even bring herself to imagine the torment that Jonas was going through. 
Just the thought of the repulsive comments on social media alone caused Megan’s worries to intensify. The pictures of him holding hands and in intimate positions taken through the window were the nails in the coffin for him. 
Who is the vicious person behind this? 
Megan wasn’t able to figure it out. Shaking her head, she knew she had to hear the truth from the horse’s mouth before delving any further. 
After getting off the plane, Megan headed straight for the top floor of Fullerton Hotel. She remembered Jonas telling her that there was where he would be when hiding from the paparazzi. 
Given the precarious situation he was in, she figured she would likely find him there. 
As Megan ran toward the last room along the corridor, the image of her running into Jake the last time she was here flashed across her mind.
At that time, both of them hardly knew each other. But now, everything about their relationship had changed. 
Sighing slightly, Megan collected her thoughts. She knew now wasn’t the time to think about that. Despite knocking on the door, no one responded. 
“Jonas. It’s me, Megan.” 
After standing at the door for a long time, there still wasn’t any answer. Furrowing her eyebrows, she couldn’t think of anywhere else Jonas would be other than here. 
Having considered the situation, she suddenly had an idea. 
“Jonas! Open the door! The reporters are here! There’s a horde of them!” 
Sounding anxious, Megan banged on the door desperately. Suddenly the door opened from inside. The next moment, a hand reached out and pulled her into the room by her waist. 
“Where’s the media?” The familiar voice sounded confused. 
Inside the room, the lights were turned off while the curtains were tightly shut. As darkness covered every corner of the room, Megan couldn’t make out who it was. Nevertheless, she could still sense Jonas’ familiar breath within her surroundings. 
As his breath blew gently across her face, it caused her eyelashes to itch. Blinking gently, the insecurities in her heart began to settle. 
“Why didn’t you open the door just now? Do you know how many of us out there are worried about you?”
Jonas released Megan and turned on the room lights. The sudden glare from the lights caused both of them to be unable to open their eyes. 
“There are also tons of people trying to fabricate rumors about me. That’s why I can’t open the door just for anyone.” Jonas rubbed his eyes which were visibly exhausted. 
Looking at Jonas, Megan sympathized with him. A young man with a bright future was now devastated by some baseless rumors. 
With a headful of messy hair and stubble underneath his chin, Jonas was now a shadow of his former self who used to glow from every angle. 
“Do I really look terrible now? The look on your eyes says it all, you know.” Scratching his hair, Jonas let out a wry smile. 
Megan shook her head with a deep sigh. Walking up to him, she sat down on the chair in front of him. Her eyes gazed intently into his. “Now is not the time to talk about that. Instead, we should focus on dealing with the crisis you are facing.” 
Having heard Megan’s words, Jonas placed his palms on his knees while biting his lip in silence. His hunched back made it look like he was carrying the weight of the world on his shoulders. 
“It’s of no use as Mr. Whittemore is the one out to get me. He is still holding a grudge over what happened the last time. And now, I have become an outcast within Sky Entertainment.” 
With a dejected expression, Jonas had lost the sparkle in his eye. Looking at his forlorn figure, Megan was filled with a myriad of emotions.
###Chapter 3287
Chapter 3287 It Has To Be Me 
The bad blood between Jonas and Mr. Whittemore started after he helped her at one of the drinking sessions. Ever since he met Megan, Jonas’ luck seemed to have been heading downhill. 
She felt as if she was a curse to him. 
Holding that thought, Megan endeavored to help Jonas no matter what. Or else, she wouldn’t be able to live with herself. 
Patting him on the shoulders, she reassured, “Don’t worry. Since the rumors are of you being gay, all you need to do is find a girlfriend. It’s not that complicated, so don’t overthink it.” 
Nevertheless, both of them were cognizant of how serious the repercussions of the scandal were. Megan’s words were no more than just a consolation. Clenching his fists, Jonas desperately racked his brains for a solution. 
“It’s not complicated but neither is it a walk in the park. Even if I announced I have a girlfriend now, everyone would assume it’s just a cover-up.” 
Megan nodded in agreement as Jonas did have a point. Leaning back into her chair deep in thought, Megan suddenly thought of someone. 
“Hey! I know who the best person is to be your girlfriend!” 
With her eyes sparkling, Megan jumped right in front of Jonas, catching him off guard. As he couldn’t help but raise his eyebrows in surprise, he stared at her glowing face. 
“Who do you have in mind?”
In spite of his doubtful tone, Megan smiled confidently and pointed proudly to herself. She declared, “Of course it’s me!” 
The moment he heard her suggestion, Jonas fell into a long and deep silence. As his gaze darkened, he stared intently at Megan, not knowing if she was joking or was actually serious. 
“Is that really your plan?” 
Jake was visibly skeptical. Not just because of her relationship with Jake, but also for his own selfish reasons. 
If Megan really agreed to it, he might not be able to himself from turning the act into reality. 
No matter how hard he tried, Jonas felt that it was too hard to pretend not to care for Megan. If that was the case, he wondered if Megan would find him annoying. 
As the questions and concerns within him grew, Jonas didn’t dare delve too much into it. However, the resolve in Megan’s eyes seemed to pressure the truth out of him. His initial desire to reject her turned into a skeptical question instead. 
“Of course!” Megan replied without any hesitation as she had not noticed the conflicting emotions within Jonas’ eyes. Standing up, she explained eagerly, “Since there have always been rumors about us, it would be more a confirmation than a cover-up if we make it public now.” 
That was indeed the best plan they had. But, it would be the equivalent of linking Megan up with Jonas in the public eye. Under such circumstances, Jake would be put in an awkward situation. 
Megan had taken all these factors into consideration but chose to ignore them instead. Furthermore, she was prepared to suffer the wrath of Jake’s rage when he found out.
At the same time, she knew she had to inform Jake of her plan in advance. Or else, the consequences would be even more serious. 
“It does make sense, but…” Jonas furrowed his eyebrows as he felt conflicted. On one hand, he hoped that Megan would agree. On the other hand, he was worried that Jake would make things difficult for her. 
After struggling with himself, Jonas closed his eyes and let out a long sigh. 
No matter what, he couldn’t bring himself to let Megan suffer for his sake. 
When he opened his eyes, his gaze was calm. He proceeded to explain the possible consequences. “I’m sure you have thought of Jake. If you do this, he isn’t going to let you off easily.” 
Megan’s eyebrows twitched in response. 
She obviously knew what would happen. But, she was already mentally prepared and didn’t want to think about it. 
Hence, she smiled with a nonchalant expression. “It’s alright. Don’t worry about that. What we should do next is to wear some couple accessories when we are out. We don’t have to overdo it as long as we allow them to take pictures.”
###Chapter 3288
Chapter 3288 Must I Drag You In 
“Megan…” When he saw the lengths she was willing to go to help him, Jonas suddenly felt touched. Looking at her, he wanted to say his thanks but the words just wouldn’t leave his mouth. 
Instead, he had the urge to hug and kiss her passionately if possible. 
Unfortunately, he was too late to the game as she had long belonged to someone else. All he could do now was to keep his distance and suppress his emotions as a “friend”. 
As Jonas smiled in a self-deprecating manner, emotions filled his eyes. Despite the passion welling up in his heart, he didn’t dare express it to her. Instead, he could only wallow in it by himself. 
A few days later, Megan finished filming and returned from Lostaria again. 
Just before the flight landed, she put on the couple accessory which she had prepared together with Jonas. After disembarking, she flaunted it at the airport casually, allowing the paparazzi to take their photos discreetly. 
After all, the airport was a common hunting ground for the media to latch onto any new rumors. 
Nevertheless, Megan still felt uneasy. Although she had declared that she would ignore Jake’s feelings, she couldn’t help but speculate how he would react when he found out. 
He will likely admonish me with his finger pointed at me. If he really does that, I will not have any excuse to defend myself. Hence, all I can do is try my best to pacify his anger. 
Feeling gloomy, Megan signed a few autographs in a distracted state. Just when she was about to leave the terminal, a man gradually approached her.
Megan instinctively stopped in her tracks as she felt a sense of danger. Looking at the man warily, she noticed that he was dressed smartly in his dark glasses and black suit. 
Before she could utter a word, the man introduced himself, “Ms. Rockford, I am Mr. Wilson’s secretary. His car is waiting for you at the main entrance.” 
Jake? 
Megan was stunned. Scrutinizing the unfamiliar man, she asked curiously, “I have never seen you before. How did you know I was going to be here?” 
The man was caught by surprise by Megan’s skepticism as he didn’t expect such a detailed question at all. Smiling slightly, he emitted an extremely professional aura. “It was Mr. Wilson who instructed me to pick you up. As for the details, you will need to ask him yourself in the car.” 
Megan was in a dilemma as she had not prepared herself to face him. But now, she had no choice but to do so. 
Gritting her teeth, she wanted to decline. However, the man insisted on blocking her way just like an automaton. 
Left without a choice, Megan let out a long sigh. She braced herself and nodded with a gloomy expression. “Alright, lead the way.” 
“Sure, this way please.” 
Ignoring Megan’s reluctance, the secretary walked quickly in front of her. In order to avoid the needless attention of the paparazzi, he led her through a special pathway instead. 
In a few minutes, Megan could see Jake’s car parked from afar.
As her heart tightened, she could feel her heartbeat begin to race. At the same time, her feet started to grow increasingly heavy. 
The rumors about her and Jonas had already been swirling around a few days ago. Furthermore, they didn’t talk over the phone recently. Therefore, Megan couldn’t imagine how Jake was going to react when he saw her later. 
“Alright, please get in.” After leading Megan to the Mercedes-Benz, the secretary opened the door for her politely. 
However, when Megan looked into the dark confines of the car, her legs could barely move. 
She couldn’t tell if it was guilt or fear, but Megan felt more nervous now than she was during the interview. 
After lingering by the door for God knows how long, Megan still didn’t seem like she intended to get it. Suddenly, a cold voice rang out from the car. It felt as if she had been splashed by a bucket of icy cold water. 
“What’s wrong? Must I drag you in?” 
Jake’s voice was deep and tinged with displeasure. Biting her lip, Megan looked at her own shadow in silence.
###Chapter 3289
Chapter 3289 Pierced In The Heart 
At that point, she was trapped between a rock and a hard place. However, all she could do was move forward. 
“I…” 
“Stop talking. I’ll give you three seconds to get in.” 
Just when she wanted to retort, Jake interrupted her blatantly. Having lost her rhythm, she suddenly didn’t know what to say. 
At that moment, she figured obeying him was the best course of action. 
With that in mind, she no longer resisted. She then got in silently with her heart filled with anxiousness. 
“Did the filming go well?” 
As the car began to drive, Megan listened to Jake’s dispassionate words. Suddenly, she was unable to grasp what his thoughts were and stumbled in her replies. 
When he saw how nervous she was, Jake tsk-tsked her and could no longer hold back the exasperation he felt. 
Despite being the person being “cheated” on, do I now have to care about her feelings instead? 
Squinting his eyes and pursing his lips, Jake bellowed, “Megan, we need to talk!” 
Combined with the rumble of the speeding car, his shout shook her to the core. With her shoulders trembling, she knew this was the storm she had to face.
Taking a deep breath, Megan decided to cast aside the words that she had prepared. Instead, she raised her head and looked intently at Jake. 
Crossing her legs, she collected herself and sincerely explained, “Those rumors are not true. Jonas has been framed, so I have to help him.” 
After explaining the situation in simple terms to him, she stared at Jake’s lowered face. As the shadows that fell across it hid his emotions, Megan was unsettled by the guilt that started to well up within her. 
She didn’t think that Jake would accept her explanation. But she hoped that after he was done being angry with her, he could understand her feelings and where she was coming from. 
If they intended for the relationship to go further, this was a necessary trial which she had just brought forward on their behalf. 
After a long silence, Jake finally lifted his head out of the shadows. Turning around slightly, his gaze was filled with contempt. “You sound as if you have done the right thing. Do you actually feel that you have come up with the perfect excuse?” 
Megan had expected him to be demanding in his questions. Ignoring his incendiary tone, she lowered her gaze and didn’t intend to defend herself. 
“That never crossed my mind. I know that you will be angry with the result but I don’t have a choice.” 
Don’t have a choice? Jake sneered as he lifted her chin. His insidious laughter didn’t contain an ounce of emotion. 
“No one forced you to do it. At the end of the day, Mr. Whittemore, the man responsible for slandering Jonas, is a member of Sky Entertainment. Despite having waited many days for your call, you never intended to tell me about this. Therefore, is starting a rumor with Jonas part of your plan to leave me?”
Jake uttered every word through his gritted teeth. Despite her chin turning red from his forceful pinch, he had no intention of letting go. 
Megan gritted her teeth to endure the pain. She neither yelled nor cried. Staring intently at him, she showed little emotion on her face. 
She had long expected that once the trust disappeared, suspicion would only grow between them. 
When she didn’t respond, the frustration within him intensified, tormenting him further. Hence, his expression changed drastically while his tone became icy cold. 
“Why aren’t you saying anything? Is this your way of implicitly admitting to it? Before this, you denied that you were two-timing. So what do you have to say for yourself now?” 
Unable to tolerate her silence, Jake chose the most hurtful words to vent his frustrations. However, Megan wasn’t affected by it and only let out a long sigh at the end. 
Raising her gaze, her eyes were filled with helplessness and exhaustion. The moment Jake saw it, he felt as if he was pierced right in the center of his already fragile heart.
###Chapter 3290
Chapter 3290 Moving In Together 
“I’m sure you’re aware that I don’t like to seek your help. Furthermore, I should be the one to repay my debt of gratitude to him. Even if I called you, the most you could do was to punish him. However, the rumors in the public sphere will be extremely damaging to him.” 
Megan’s words were so selfless that they caused Jake’s heart to sink. Loosening his grip, the anger and insecurity in his eyes dissipated instantly. 
The car suddenly fell into silence, causing the atmosphere to return to how it was when they had just met. As Jake suddenly became distant, the smirk on his face felt like a knife slicing through her heart. 
“Fine. If you think public opinion will hurt him, did it then not occur to you that it will hurt me too?” 
Unable to hide his trembling voice, Jake’s gaze darkened. 
Megan’s expression changed drastically. The conflicting emotions of guilt and self-blame began to overwhelm her. She couldn’t deny that she had been too selfish and reckless in her decision. 
When Jake, who had all this while been someone domineering, could no longer hide the hurt he felt, Megan realized that she had overestimated how emotionally strong he was. 
Clenching her fists and on the brink of tears, she bit her lip gently and replied, “I’m sorry, I have unilaterally put you in the spot…” 
Jake who had his head lowered throughout raised it slightly and let out a self-deprecating laugh. He sneered, “Are you finally willing to admit your mistake?” 
“Mmm-hmm.”
When he saw her finally willing to admit her mistake, Jake couldn’t help but laugh mockingly. As his steely gaze showed no sign of softening, he raised his eyebrows while his expression remained just as gloomy. 
“Since you have realized your folly, you shouldn’t involve yourself in Jonas’ problem anymore as I will deal with it. With regards to whose girl you are, I’ll be the one responsible for declaring it.” 
Jake’s domineering attitude caught Megan by surprise. Widening her eyes in shock, she tightened the grip on her sleeves and protested, “No, we’re already seeing positive developments to the plan. If you get involved now, wouldn’t you derail it instead? It’s true that I didn’t think through the plan properly. But, you can get me to do anything other than what you have just suggested.” 
Pfft! Jake expressed his utter displeasure. As Megan’s gentle and pinkish cheeks leaned closer to him voluntarily, her lips almost touched his face. Glancing at her, his gaze darkened as he suddenly had another idea. 
The next moment, he suggested, “Fine. I won’t interfere only if you promise to move in with me.” 
His words were so shocking that Megan was dumbfounded upon hearing them. Her mind drew a blank as she gaped at him. 
“Wh-what?” 
Jake was unfazed by her shocked expression. Raising his eyebrows, he explained, “It’s simple. Since you do not want to be mine in name, you will have to do so physically instead.” 
Shocked by his request, Megan was still in a daze. Blinking her eyes, she remained visibly confused. 
“Wait, are you asking me to move in for good?”
“Don’t let me repeat myself.” Looking upset, Jake shot a glance at her. It was obvious that his earlier anger had yet to subside. “We will go to your house immediately to pack or we can just go and buy whatever you need.” 
Jake’s tone was firm as he made the decision for her. Given that she was in the wrong, she didn’t dare to protest at all. 
Despite the panic, she tried to maintain a calm facade. After all, she had not emotionally prepared herself for such a momentous decision. 
After a long silence, Megan had no choice but to nod in agreement. 
“There’s no need to grab my things. Let’s just go straight to your place.” 
However, it was a way for her to defuse the situation. Given how busy Jake was and that she would be out filming most of the time, it was unlikely that they would frequently see each other at home. As for her belongings, she would leave them with Donna so that she could still return anytime.
###Chapter 3291
Chapter 3291 Punishment 
“Just like that?” 
Jake obviously didn’t see through Megan’s plan yet. He raised his eyebrow in surprise and was curious as to why didn’t she protest. 
“Mmm-hmm. What you say makes sense. So, we’ll just go along with it for the time being.” 
Given how calm she was, it seemed as she had no problems with Jake’s proposal at all. All she did was look out the window quietly. 
Suddenly, Jake couldn’t grasp what was on her mind. However, he felt that it was better to keep it that way. 
Half an hour later, both of them arrived at an apartment in a newly developed area in the city. Empty- handed, Jake led her into the elevator. 
Inside, Megan felt nervous and couldn’t stop speculating about what was about to happen. As the most dramatic and frightening scenarios played across her mind, she had no choice but to wait for it to happen. 
Ding! 
A short while later, the elevator stopped on the twentieth floor. Megan followed Jake to one of the units. Upon entry, she was greeted by a jarring decor of black and white. 
The moment she walked in, a cold and suppressing feeling slowly enveloped her.
Feeling the chill from the apartment, she recovered her gaze and began to change her shoes. Suddenly, before she was done, Jake pulled her impatiently into his embrace. 
“Hey, what’s wrong? I’m not done changing yet.” Megan lowered her head nervously while tightening the grip of her fingers. Not daring to turn around, she could feel Jake’s warm breath blowing past her ear. 
“You’re too slow. As for Jonas’ problem, don’t think that just because you’ve admitted your mistake I will forgive you easily.” Blinking his eyes, Jake gently bit Megan’s ear lobe from the back. 
Megan felt as if her ear was seared by a burning piece of metal. With her heart pounding furiously, her body tensed up as she was unable to stop Jake’s hand from wandering around wantonly. 
“No…” 
As her sensitive spots were being teased, Megan was on the brink of letting go of her restraints. Unable to herself, she leaned into Jake’s warm embrace and allowed herself to be covered by his breath. 
“What’s wrong? Why do you look like you’re in agony?” 
Asking the obvious, Jake stopped his hand from moving. As a faint smile broke out on his face, his eyes sparkled with desire. 
Cognizant that he was teasing her, Megan couldn’t resist any further. Turning around, she put one hand around his neck while reaching the other underneath his shirt. 
As her fingers brushed gently across his skin, lust began to fill his eyes. Immersing himself in her brazen advances, the passion in his kiss began to intensify.
Within the empty house, both of them moved inside the bedroom before moving back out to the sofa. The intensity of their passion never wavered throughout. 
Initially, Jake had wanted to treat this as Megan’s punishment. However, given how the situation developed, both of them were unable to see it as such. 
The next morning, Megan was awoken by the sunlight that pierced through the gap in the curtains. Furrowing her eyebrows, she yawned languidly as she opened her eyes. After drawing a blank in her mind, she finally recalled what had happened the day before. 
Wait a moment. Did I do something unbelievable yesterday? 
“Are you awake?” 
Just when Megan froze in bed with her face flushed red, a familiar voice rang out. Shuddering at it, she buried herself under the sheets just like an ostrich doing the same in the sand. 
Jake had just showered. When he saw how reluctant she was to face reality, he couldn’t help but feel amused. 
During their passionate encounter last night, there was no sign of her bashfulness at all. Instead, it was only after the whole affair was over that she felt embarrassed by it. 
Chuckling to himself, his mood had improved dramatically from yesterday. Staring at the lump under the sheets, he remarked coldly, “If you don’t get up, you will be late for work. Your manager has already called you countless times.”
###Chapter 3292
Chapter 3292 Fueling The Rumor 
Throwing the blanket aside, Jake sat on the bed and looked at her. Jolted, Megan peeked out of the sheets with her flaming red cheeks. 
After dawdling around aimlessly, she opened her mouth but no words could come out. 
When he saw how awkward she was, Jake decided not to embarrass her further. The moment he pulled off the blanket, she shrieked, “What are you doing!” 
Covering her own body, Megan had wanted to shield it with her blanket. However, Jake quickly turned around in silence so that she could put on her clothes. 
“Stop lying in bed and get up quick. I’ll be going to work too and will drop you off at the film site.” 
Staring at the broad shoulders of his back, Megan gawked for a moment. Scratching her head, she quickly picked up her clothes from the floor. 
He’s no longer as angry compared to yesterday. Does this mean that he has forgiven me? 
It seems men are much easier to pacify than women. 
As both of them got dressed in silence, Megan went to the bathroom to wash up. She was surprised to see that a new set of toiletries there. Did he get someone to prepare these yesterday? 
As she began to brush her teeth, she felt both nervous and blissful at the same time. 
Nervous because Jake had somehow made this into an ivory tower to keep her in. Nevertheless, she was glad that she now knew how important she was to him.
While brushing her teeth, she looked in the mirror and didn’t find anything special about how she looked. Therefore, she couldn’t fathom what Jake saw in her. Can it solely be because of the lie? 
Lost in her thoughts, she suddenly heard Jake asking her to hurry up. After finishing up whatever she was doing, she followed him downstairs to the car park. 
After a while, Jake dropped her off somewhere nearby the film site where she walked there by herself. 
Before she became famous, her relationship with Jake would be easily misconstrued. Therefore, she wanted to keep a low profile so that others would not think that she was a trophy girlfriend. 
“Da*n it! Megan, you’re finally here. Where the f*ck did you go after you landed?” 
The moment Donna saw Megan, she who had never cursed before swore at Megan while reprimanding her. When Megan saw the concern and anxiousness in Donna’s eyes, she couldn’t help but feel guilty over her actions. 
After being lost for words, she racked her brains and found an excuse. “Last night, I had too much to drink with my friends and fell asleep in the hotel. Luckily, I remembered to turn up for work today.” 
Donna rolled her eyes at Megan. But realizing that nothing untoward had happened to her, Donna’s anger subsided. “You could have at least sent a message. I was worried sick the whole night! Anyway, it doesn’t matter now. You’ll be on in half an hour so you better hurry for your makeup.” 
Donna felt frustrated when she saw that Megan had not put on any makeup. It was obvious that she had just washed her face at the hotel before she came. Even her hair was still in a mess. 
“Alright, I head there right away. By the way, has Rocky made his move? What’s the latest on the online comments about Jonas?”
After heading to the makeup booth, Megan asked Donna about Jonas while she had her makeup done. 
As Jake had picked her up the moment she landed, she had no time to find out about the latest developments with regards to Jonas’ scandal. 
In response, Donna glanced at Megan before checking her phone. She reported, “Rocky has taken action and has managed to silence most of the comments about the scandal. Furthermore, the internet is now filled with pictures of you and Jonas’ couple accessories. Even the fans that resented you in the beginning now want you to make public your relationship, so as to confirm the rumors.” 
Confirming the rumors was what Megan had originally intended. By doing so, she was one step closer to victory. 
However, given that the relationship was fake, she never intended to go public with it. All she wanted was for the media to continue fueling the rumor.
###Chapter 3293
Chapter 3293 Oozing Feminine Charm 
After her eye shadow was done, Megan turned around and remarked, “It’s alright. I’ll still have to wear the accessory for a while. By the way, did you contact the producers of the romantic variety show you helped me arrange previously?” 
Megan had rejected appearing on the show. However, after Jonas’ scandal broke out, she thought that appearing on it together with him was a good way to fuel the rumors further. 
It would definitely benefit Jonas’ reputation. However, she would have to worry about how Jake was going to take it. 
She didn’t want to be at the receiving end of his anger again. After all, she would just be asking for trouble. 
Keeping her phone, Donna nodded. “I did. But this time, they were the ones who rejected us. They were concerned about Jonas’ scandal and worried that it might affect their ratings.” 
The result was within Megan’s expectation. 
Now that she was the one pleading for help instead of the other way round, the scales of self-interest were no longer tipped in her favor. 
“Call them again and tell them that Jonas and I will be appearing together. On top of that, we will charge a quarter of our usual fees.” 
As for her terms, she wasn’t feeling confident that the producers would accept them. But, despite the fear of negative repercussions, the producers couldn’t ignore the fact that both of them were still the two most popular male and female celebrities out there.
The potential reaction from combining both of them made them an obvious choice for anyone responsible for picking the cast. 
“Isn’t that too little?” Donna widened her eyes in protest. After all, negotiating fees was her job as the manager and she felt that what Megan requested was just too low. 
“Don’t worry. I have no interest in the show, to begin with. I’m only doing it to help Jonas.” 
Megan didn’t care about the fees at all. After checking that her makeup was done, she patted Donna on the shoulders as if to reassure her. Without another word, she prepared to go on the show. 
This time, they were filming the second episode of Let’s Run. Post-editing of the first episode had been completed and was being broadcast. 
Just as expected, the show was a hit with the younger generation due to the fresh themes it explored. 
Megan recalled that from the second episode onward, there would be a special guest invited onto the show. However, the director had yet to inform them who it was. 
“Da*n it. What a shitty day. Why do I have to run into you here?” 
Just when Megan left the makeup room, she saw Mia approaching in the opposite direction. Before she could say a word, Mia had beat her to it. 
After tsk-tsking softly, she cursed in her heart. Looks like she’s more of a bit*h than a woman. 
“The feeling’s mutual. I felt a sense of dread since this morning itself.” 
Just as she spoke, Megan ignored her and headed to the filming location. Watching her leave, Mia had the urge to pursue and continue cursing her. However, she didn’t expect Osmond to hold her back and glare coldly at her instead.
When she saw his reaction, Mia had no choice but to relent. Fuming, she stormed toward the set. 
“It appears that Mia is the special guest this episode.” 
Looking around, Donna saw Mia hiding in the studio by accident. Feeling unsettled, she couldn’t help but inform Megan about it. 
If Mia was there with them, they would definitely not be able to complete filming in peace. 
“Don’t worry. Even if she tries to do me in, I have never been afraid of her.” Just as Megan chuckled, the mocking tone in her voice caught Donna by surprise. 
I have only not seen her for a week. But why do I get the feeling that she has become so much more feminine? In a blink of an eye, the feminine charm that Megan was oozing suddenly made her feel like a totally different person. 
However, Megan didn’t notice Donna’s stunned expression. Sitting in her specially allocated seat, she languidly watched the crew as they prepared the filming equipment.
###Chapter 3294
Chapter 3294 Open The Door 
In truth, the moment Megan saw Mia outside the makeup room, she instantly knew that Mia was the special guest. But since it was only for one episode, Megan wasn’t too worried about it. 
“Alright. We’re about to begin filming!” 
Upon Jerry’s instruction, everyone in the studio took their positions. When the camera started rolling, Mia came in with another four celebrities after being introduced by the host. 
For this episode, the theme was a horror-adventure mission. Despite the studio being equipped with some special items, most of the episodes would be filmed inside the secret chamber behind them. 
“Alright everyone, remember to focus. All of you have gone through the script but you don’t have to be act rigidly. Remember to improvise!” the director reminded everyone. 
Furrowing his eyebrows, he hoped that the program could be completed without a hitch. However, when his gaze fell upon Mia, he noticed that she was filing her nails and not paying attention. 
In the face of her lackadaisical attitude, the director’s expression visibly changed. However, he didn’t reprimand her for it as they were in a hurry to start filming. 
A few minutes later, when everything was in place, the filming of the second episode of Let’s Run began. 
By drawing lots, the celebrities were separated into their respective groups. This time, Megan was unlucky enough to be placed together with Silas. 
There was nothing wrong with him. She was just used to being placed with Tod every time. Tod was someone handsome and athletic. Every time he ran, he would exhibit an exceptional level of
performance. 
Am I going to lose to Mia this time? 
Gritting her teeth, Megan reminded herself not to jump the gun and feel pessimistic before the mission even started. 
After the team allocation was completed, all the participants took their places from different starting points. This time, their ive was to solve the riddle in the maze by following the clues. 
Naturally, they would be “hunted” by men and “ghosts”. Hence, they needed to maintain their calm throughout the filming. 
“Come. Don’t worry. I’ll protect you,” Silas reassured her. When he saw that Megan didn’t move at all, he assumed that she was afraid. Hence, he instructed her to follow his lead. 
After regaining her senses, Megan quickly caught up with him and smiled. “I was just thinking about something.” 
When both of them entered the secret chamber, the dark and damp environment caused Megan’s hair to stand on end. 
She couldn’t help but stay closer to Silas when she felt that there was something following her. 
Walking beside Megan, Silas didn’t notice how nervous she was. Instead, he was focused on checking the walls and floor for clues with his torchlight. 
Even when making small talk, he was hardly paying any attention. “What’s wrong? Is it about Jonas?” 
“Mmm-hmm, I’ll tell you about it after we’re done filming.”
Cognizant that she was still being recorded, Megan quickly changed topics as she wasn’t willing to discuss it any further. 
At that moment, Silas who was checking the surroundings found a lever. Turning around to look at Megan, he motioned her to come forward. 
“Let’s pull this together. I feel that this is a mechanism for opening something. 
Megan quickly ran up to him upon hearing his instructions. Without any hesitation, both of them pulled the lever on the wall. As a rumbling noise rang out, the wall behind them suddenly moved. 
“What’s happening?” 
Megan was stunned when she saw a path suddenly opening in front of her. However, when she regained her senses the next second, she couldn’t help but shriek. 
“Ah!” 
On the other side of the wall, she saw Tod and Mia running toward her. Both of them were fleeing for their lives as there was a white “ghost” chasing after them. 
“Help!” 
Mia was visibly pale with fright. When she saw Megan, she screamed hysterically as she ran toward her for cover. It was obvious that Tod couldn’t care less about her. 
“Open the door!” 
As Tod ran faster than Mia, he reached the door first and wanted to close the door behind him, leaving Mia to be eliminated by the “ghost”. From the look on his face, he had no intention of saving her at all.
###Chapter 3295
Chapter 3295 Temporary Suspension 
As Silas was closest to the button, he didn’t know what to do. Looking at Tod and Megan hesitantly, he saw the conflicted expressions on both their faces. 
Hence, he couldn’t help but ask, “Do I push it?” 
Furrowing his eyebrows, Tod didn’t like thinking too much as he had the temperament of a brute. Just when Mia was about to pass through the door, he decisively pressed the button to close it down. 
“No!” Mia’s eyes were filled with panic as she desperately reached for the door. However, she had neither the strength nor speed to do so and could only watch as it slammed shut right in her face. 
“Mia is out!” 
When the system broadcasted the latest update, the three of them exchanged glances. Both Megan and Silas were puzzled at what just happened. 
Tod and Mia are obviously teammates. So why do they seem to be in conflict with each other? 
“What’s wrong? Did something happen between both of you?” Silas couldn’t help but ask out of curiosity. 
Furrowing his eyebrows and grabbing his own hair in exasperation, Tod complained, “That woman is spoilt to the extreme. When we were supposed to cross a shallow man-made river earlier, she insisted I carry her on my back simply because she didn’t want to get her shoes wet.” 
“Also, she kept speaking to me in such an annoying tone. ‘Tod, slow down. I’m afraid of the dark.’ ‘Tod, I’m a lady, it’s normal to take a break after every few steps.’ Do you know that I was on the brink of beating her to death if I hear another word from her?”
When both of them heard how Tod mimicked Mia’s way of speech, they couldn’t help but burst into a fit of laughter. 
“How can you still laugh?” 
When they realized how upset Tod was, Megan and Silas covered their mouths to keep their laughter down. However, their eyes squinted in glee instead. 
“Huh, she really is famous for having a princess-like attitude. You should be pampering her instead!” Silas teased Tod cheekily while mocking Mia at the same time. 
Having heard his words, Megan nodded in agreement and was delighted. 
Mia had always liked to charm men with her damsel-in-distress voice. However, it didn’t work this time on someone as masculine as Tod. 
When Megan recalled how smug Mia was when she talked about her looks, she figured this would be the first blow to Mia’s charm. 
“Alright now. She has been eliminated anyway. So let’s quickly solve the puzzle.” 
As Silas patted Tod on his shoulder to comfort him, the amusement he felt didn’t dissipate one bit. As for Megan, she followed them from behind in a jovial mood. 
At that moment, the system announced, “The competition will now be temporarily suspended. Everyone, please gather at the entrance.” 
As the announcement didn’t state the reason, the three of them exchanged glances and inexplicably had the same premonition. 
Fill with curiosity, they arrived at the exit to find Bruce and the others already waiting there.
As everyone looked at each other scratching their heads, Megan’s gaze fell upon Bruce, who obviously still held a grudge over what happened the last time. 
“Megan, why did you come out?” 
When Donna, who was waiting outside, saw everyone walking out, she couldn’t help but approach them curiously. Noticing the look on their faces, she knew in her heart that something must have happened. 
“I don’t know. We’ll just have to wait for Mr. Thompson.” 
Frowning slightly, Megan looked in the direction of the OB van that was parked at the entrance. Subconsciously, the sense of dread she felt earlier reared its head again. 
After waiting for a while, there was finally some movement coming from the vehicle. When the sound of footsteps was heard, Megan and the others turned to look in its direction. 
“Isn’t that Mia?” 
Donna quickly spotted her behind Jerry while Osmond was following them closely behind. 
At the mention of Mia, Megan’s gaze turned cold. Raising her eyebrows with an indifferent expression, she could feel her heart sink.
###Chapter 3296
Chapter 3296 Defiance 
Just as they expected, the reason the competition was suspended was that Mia was eliminated in less than a minute. Hence, Osmond would definitely have made a big fuss. 
Megan figured that with Osmond’s influence, there was no way he would tolerate Mia being eliminated so easily in such a short time. 
Hence, they would definitely see Jerry and protest the elimination. 
“Gather around, everyone.” 
With Mia and Osmond behind him, Jerry stopped in front of everyone. Silas’ sharp eyes noticed the gloomy expression on his face. His usually stern voice sounded dejected instead. 
Next, he couldn’t help but shift his attention to Osmond as he had heard how powerful the latter was. As long as one worked with Starling Media, one had to show both Luna and him respect. Furthermore, he was known in the industry for his arm-twisting methods. 
At that moment, when Silas saw how the usually arrogant director had been put in his place, he couldn’t help but start feeling fearful of Osmond. 
However, Megan no longer feared him as she had experienced all his methods in her past life. At that moment, she simply considered him a paper tiger who was no different from a bully. 
“What’s going on? Why did you suddenly stop filming?” Bruce asked in a frustrated tone when he saw both of them appear in front of him. Despite how much he loved to flirt with pretty ladies, he wasn’t taken in by Mia. 
Raising his head to glance at Bruce, Jerry let out a gloomy frown.
He pointed at Mia with a deep raspy voice, croaking out every word from his throat. “There’s a slight change in the script. Also, please take note not to allow Mia to be eliminated too early. We have to take care of the newcomers.” 
Take care of the newcomers? 
Snorting softly, Megan gave Mia the side-eye. 
As everyone had only participated in one episode before this, they were actually no different from each other. 
She protested, “Who isn’t new here? We have all joined for one episode only. Why does she deserve special treatment just because she threw a tantrum?” 
Everyone present was aware that Megan and Mia were sisters. Hence, they felt that she was being too hard on Mia. 
Tugging her arm, Silas shook his head with a frown to warn her not to act impulsively. However, Megan pulled her hand away in exasperation instead. 
Due to Megan’s protest, the atmosphere suddenly changed. Everyone could feel the tension in the air. 
When Osmond saw the anger in Megan’s eyes, he smirked in response. 
As if the situation wasn’t incendiary enough, he fanned the flames further. “Why are you so dissatisfied? You were the one who insisted on breaking your contract with Starling Media and remain a nameless actress. So now, don’t complain that no one is speaking out for you.” 
Sneering, Megan suppressed the rage within her so as to not embarrass herself in front of Mia.
Looking silently at Osmond, her haughty expression hid the pity she felt for him. If she had stayed at Starling Media, there would still not be anyone who would stand up for her. In other words, she would be worse off than she was now. 
After all, Mia was the true star of the future for Starling Media while she was only a supporting character that could be cast aside anytime. 
Raising her eyebrows, Megan collected herself and glared at him with contempt. Her gaze was so deep that he couldn’t tell what was on her mind. 
She sneered, “Is that so? I hope you will keep this up. People who like to deceive themselves are usually the ones who fail quickly.” 
After their heated exchange, neither of them was willing to back down, intensifying the tension in the atmosphere. 
Despite everyone present being cowed by Osmond’s domineering aura, Megan remained calm and even sniped back at him. 
All of them tried to sneak a peek at Megan and wondered what gave her the confidence to be so defiant.
###Chapter 3297
Chapter 3297 Unable To Let Go 
As Mia stared at Megan’s arrogant face, she could no longer hold back the anger welling up inside her. 
She was already angry over the fact that Tod had eliminated her on purpose, thinking that Megan told him to do it. Hence, she wanted to teach Megan a lesson. However, if not for Osmond’s advice for her to stay out of it and focus on filming, she would have slapped Megan a long time ago. 
What gives Megan the right to act so impudently? There’s no basis for her to feel proud. 
As her expression darkened, Mia stared at Megan with disdain. “Megan, do you think you can act with such insolence forever just because you ingratiated yourself with Jake?” He is just fooling around with you. 
Suddenly, Mia exposed the secret that Megan didn’t want everyone to know. After all, she had never leveraged her relationship with Jake to advance her self-interest. 
The only reason she got close to him was just to prevent him from falling into Mia’s trap so that she could stay away from any potential trouble. 
Unfortunately, no one knew nor cared about that detail. All they would do was to look at her differently and accuse her of being a woman who schemed in a Machiavellian way and willing to sell her dignity. 
When Megan was dumbfounded, Mia thought that she had struck at her weakness and continued ranting at her. 
As most of what Mia hurled at her were meaningless insults, Megan decided not to tolerate her anymore after a long silence.
Thrusting her chin in the air, she let out a domineering vibe which was unmistakable to everyone present. 
“You should repeat those words in front of Jake and we shall see if he chooses to cast me aside first or punish you instead. My advice to you is not to behave like a conniving b*tch and assume that every woman in the world is the same as you.” 
The information implied by Megan’s words was so shocking that everyone kept looking between the two ladies. Now, it was clear that both sisters had fallen for Jake. However, only one of them was successful in snagging him. 
“B*llshit! I never did that!” 
Mia was so enraged that she lost her composure. The manner in which she swore made her sound like a country bumpkin. When Osmond heard her swearing crassly, he couldn’t help but frown. 
“Mia, calm down and maintain your composure.” 
Osmond’s words felt like a bucket of icy cold water was being splashed over her head. Biting her lip, she glared at Megan while mixed emotions filled her heart. 
“Osmond, you cannot keep bowing to her! Furthermore, she is spewing lies!” 
Having heard Mia’s words, Megan knew that she was going to deny the accusations but it definitely wasn’t going to be easy to do so. 
Sneering, Megan looked at Mia intently. “Coincidentally, I took a few pictures of what happened that day. Shall I share them amongst our colleagues here?”
Despite how casually Megan spoke of the matter, it would result in huge losses for Mia by the millions if she were to lose the contracts for a few commercials. Therefore, she could not let the matter get out no matter what. 
“Don’t you dare go overboard, Megan!” 
Having no countermeasure, Mia pointed furiously at Megan. By then, she had already lost all composure. 
Unfazed by her threats, Megan sneered in response. “Who is the one going overboard here? Since you openly cast doubt on my capabilities and background, it’s reasonable for me to return the favor to you.” 
Watching the heated argument between them, no one dared to interfere given that they each had the support of powerful patrons. 
As Jerry watched the drama unfold, he was utterly disappointed with the two of them. Both were equally unwilling to let go although one had the upper hand over the other. 
What they couldn’t let go of wasn’t their familial relationship. Instead, it was the need to compete and compare against one another. All they cared about was money and power. 
However, regardless of whether it was Starling Media or Jake, Jerry couldn’t be bothered as he was happy with where he was.
###Chapter 3298
Chapter 3298 I Do Mind 
“Stop. Are you done?” 
When Jerry saw both of them finally falling silent, he swept his gaze around and stood up holding the script. 
However, no one responded as they were all rendered speechless by what had just occurred. Not minding the silence at all, Jerry rambled on, “Just now, Mr. Swanson and I had a discussion. Mia’s screen time will be increased while Megan will be “caught” halfway and be eliminated.” 
Just a few words alone was enough to dictate how the script and focus of the filming in the show would change. 
It was now obvious that the director had decided to cast Megan in a supporting role for this episode. 
Under such circumstances, there was no point in protesting further. Osmond had either offered some attractive terms or threatened him to do it. 
Hence, Megan replied at once. “Alright, I accept it.” 
Given how Megan agreed without any hesitation, Jerry stared at her in surprise and frowned. 
Raising his eyebrows, the sad look in his eyes penetrated Megan’s heart. “I didn’t expect you to readily agree as I assumed that you would mind.” 
Obviously, no one would believe it if she said she didn’t care. However, Megan was someone rational and knew that even if she minded, there was no way for her to turn the situation around.
Instead of embarrassing herself by protesting angrily, she figured she might as well have some fun and pretended not to care. That way, she would get on Mia’s nerves instead. 
Raising her eyebrow, Megan collected her thoughts. Pretending to nod in acknowledgment, she replied calmly, “I do mind but I don’t want to delay work any further.” 
“Stop pretending to be noble. It’s just nauseating.” 
Rebutting her without hesitation, Mia’s eyes were filled with contempt. However, Osmond shot her a stern glance to warn her to keep her mouth shut. 
Feeling upset, he was frustrated at what a loose cannon Mia was. Is it really so difficult for her to restrain herself for a little bit? 
To be honest, Megan’s character and capability have far exceeded that of Mia. However, she is just too rebellious and doesn’t have a face that could launch a thousand ships. 
Oblivious to what was going through Osmond’s mind, Megan glanced at Mia’s arrogant expression. Folding her arms, Megan then stared daggers at her. 
“I am talking to Mr. Thompson and not you. As a woman, don’t you know what is restraint and respect? Furthermore, if I’m considered disgusting, then you will have a tough time finding someone in this world who is more disgusting than you are.” 
Raising her eyebrow, Megan maintained a calm expression. After all, she was used to Mia causing trouble. Hence, she would never let any of Mia’s words hurt her. 
Megan smiled when she saw how angry Mia was. As if it wasn’t enough, she added fuel to the fire. “However, I did recall you mocking me once on a flight for accepting a role in this variety show. You
mentioned that it was a childish and crappy program. So why are you now clinging on to this show so desperately despite having been eliminated?” 
When everyone heard Megan’s question, their expressions drastically changed. All of them glared at Mia with their hearts filled with animosity. 
Just when she thought she had the upper hand over Megan, Mia didn’t expect to be suddenly stabbed in the back. With a darkened expression, she stood up awkwardly and scowled at Megan instead. 
“Alright, that’s enough.” 
When Jerry realized that they were going to start quarreling again, he quickly stood helplessly between them to calm things down. It was just as Megan had said, he too didn’t want work to be delayed any further. 
“As long as she keeps her mouth shut, I won’t say a word.” Megan ignored Mia while standing aside without much care. Even her tone sounded aloof. 
When she saw Megan’s condescending response, Mia was outraged. However, Osmond glared angrily at her, forcing her to keep a lid on her emotions. After all, he no longer wanted to hear another word from her.
###Chapter 3299
Chapter 3299 He Hates Girls Like Mia 
A short while later, filming continued once the production crew had made the necessary preparations. This time, Megan and Silas were eliminated quickly from another exit. 
Megan had done it on purpose. Since Mia loved to be in the limelight so much, Megan decided to let her have all of it. 
“We’re out. Sorry about the arrangement today.” 
As Megan and Silas sat inside the OB van, both of them could see everything that was going on through the screens clearly. 
So, this is what being a director feels like. 
“Don’t be sorry.” Unlike Mia, Megan wasn’t overly sensitive. She waved her hand to show that she didn’t mind it at all. “At most, I’m just having a little less screen time. However, I’m a permanent guest on this show and will be here every episode. Once this one is over, it will be good riddance to Mia.” 
Both Jerry and Silas could feel the animosity from Megan’s harsh words though they weren’t aware of how it came to be. Nevertheless, on the account of Jake and Jonas, they knew they had to say something to comfort her. 
“It’s good that you think that way. I’ll allocate more screen time for you in the next episode. So, you don’t have to worry about it at all.” 
Jerry casually patted Megan on the shoulder in an attempt to console her. The biased perception he had earlier of her had totally dissipated by now.
Having heard his offer, Megan nodded with a smile. Without saying anything further, she continued watching the screens. 
As Mia had managed to gain more screen time via her manager’s unscrupulous methods, everyone seemed to be targeting her instead. As long as they saw her and Tod, they would attack them in groups. 
Furthermore, the usually athletic Tod was visibly out of sorts today. Whenever he saw Mia about to be caught, he didn’t seem to care at all. 
“Wow, Mia has been eliminated again.” 
Pretending to be surprised while seated in her chair, Megan checked the time on her phone. She then realized that Mia had only spent half an hour more in the game compared to the first time. 
It seems no one wants her to play as they are trying their best to get her eliminated from the show. 
Silas was jolted when he heard Megan gasp. Looking to claim credit, he leaned over to her ear. 
He whispered, “Mia is going to suffer in our hands. Before the game started, everyone agreed to get her eliminated as soon as possible. After all, all of us who started filming together felt that it was unfair for her to steal the limelight for no reason. Furthermore, she acted as if she deserved it.” 
Having heard Silas’ words, Megan gave him a bewildered look. 
She asked in disbelief, “Did everyone really agree to it?” 
“Of course. We wanted to take revenge on your behalf!” With a gleeful expression, Silas threw his hands in the air like a kid. “Anyway, it’s just my way of thanking you for helping Jonas out.”
After hearing his words, Megan hung her head in disbelief. Filled with emotion, she averted her gaze from Silas’ glistening eyes as she clasped her fingers together. 
At that moment, she felt her heart warm. Not because someone had thanked her, but because she seemed to have found a place where she belonged. 
From her past life to the current one, she hardly had any friends. Other than Donna, there was simply no one else by her side. 
Touched by their gesture, Megan’s usually dispassionate gaze lit up for once. Suddenly, something occurred to her as she asked curiously, “Did Bruce agree too?” 
She remembered that there was still bad blood between them. 
Unaware of the reason for her question, Silas pondered for a moment before nodding resolutely. “Yes. He hates girls like Mia. Besides, he thinks that you are prettier than her.” 
Is that so? 
Megan raised her eyebrows in disbelief. Despite the doubts she had in his taste, she could feel her resentment toward him dissipate.
###Chapter 3300
Chapter 3300 A Terrible Partner 
Before their seats were even warm in the OB van, Mia fumed as she dragged Tod over, having just been eliminated. 
When Jerry saw her reddened face, his mind was filled with contempt. If it was Osmond who spoke to him, he was at least prepared to show him some respect. But if Mia wanted to do the same, he was simply going to ignore her. 
“What’s the problem now? Why do you keep getting into trouble?” Jerry asked. 
At that moment, Osmond coincidentally went to the loo. Unable to hold her temper back, Mia pointed angrily at Tod. 
She complained, “This man isn’t a partner. He doesn’t care about me and caused me to be eliminated again. I don’t care! I demand a reshoot!” 
While everyone present was stunned by her words, Megan looked at her as if she was a lunatic. Little did Mia know that Jerry had already done her a big favor by letting her reshoot the first time. 
Even if Jacinta were here, she wouldn’t have the authority to ask Jerry for another reshoot. Hence, Mia’s request was simply too audacious. 
“Mia, I feel that you may not be suited for variety shows.” 
Trying hard to suppress his anger, Jerry’s gaze was so sharp that it could cut. However, Mia ignored the look in his eyes. 
As Osmond had arm-twisted Jerry earlier, Mia felt the director lacked any real authority. Hence, there was no reason for her to treat him with respect.
“What’s the problem? Since you have reshot once, why can’t you do it again?” 
Triggered by Mia’s impudence, Jerry’s expression darkened while his heart pounded in rage. 
Why does such an insensitive person even exist? Does Mia even have a brain? 
“Mia, why are you out here?” 
At that moment, Osmond returned from the loo. When he saw the five of them at the OB van, he couldn’t help but narrow his eyes. 
It seems something must have happened. She just can’t stop getting into trouble. 
“Osmond! They are ganging up against me! After just filming for half an hour, they tried their best to get me eliminated.” The moment she saw Osmond, Mia seemed to have found her courage. Letting go of Tod’s hand, she put on a pitiful expression while storming out of the van. 
Osmond wasn’t surprised by Mia’s words. When he saw the smug expressions on everyone’s faces, he sneered, “Don’t you dare mess around with me. This is nothing but a lowly variety show and yet, you are ganging up against her. Since we are not welcomed here, we will leave.” 
Despite the animosity in his tone, Osmond was just trying to pave a way for Mia and him to leave without being humiliated. 
After all, he was well aware that it would be impossible to ask for another reshoot. When he saw the look on everyone’s faces, it was obvious to him what had just happened. 
Hence, he knew it was necessary to put on some airs so that they wouldn’t look bad while quitting the show.
Unfortunately, Mia was too dumb to understand the undercurrents of the situation. She had assumed that Osmond was just trying to stand up for her. 
“Did you hear that? We don’t care about your lousy show. You had better hurry up and beg us to stay now!” 
Her insolent words caused Osmond’s eyes to narrow. That was when he realized that she was the epitome of a terrible partner. 
“Can you just shut up for once?” 
Inside the OB van, Megan was amused by the exasperated look on Osmond’s face. 
Despite being extremely capable, he was still unable to support an idiot like Mia. 
“Enough, stop disgracing yourself and go back to the office at once!” 
Osmond had wanted to help her leave with her pride intact. However, given how stupid she was, it would be enough for him that she wasn’t being ridiculed on the way out. 
“But I…” Feeling aggrieved, she swept her gaze around the OB van. As anger and jealousy filled her heart, her feet were so heavy that she was unable to move them at all.

###Chapter 3301
Chapter 3301 Did You Find Anything 
“Osmond, are we just going to let them off for humiliating us?” 
While Mia attempted to sow further discord, Megan sneered in response and gave her a sympathetic look. 
“Mia, let me give you a piece of advice. If you don’t leave now, no one can guarantee your safety here.” 
Triggered by the contemptuous look in Megan’s eyes, Mia exploded in anger. No longer satisfied with verbal attacks, she felt the urge to physically hurt Megan. However, Osmond warned her off with a glare. 
“That’s enough! How dare you disobey me? I’m telling you to go back right now!” 
Osmond who was known to be someone reserved finally let his temper flare. There was not an ounce of hesitation within the icy stare that he gave her. 
“I…” 
As if she finally realized the severity of the situation, Mia retreated behind Osmond’s back. Despite opening her mouth to protest, no words came out of it. 
It was now obvious to her that even Osmond could not change the situation. 
“Shut up. Let’s go.” 
With a darkened expression, Osmond was no longer in the mood to hear another word from Mia. As Megan and the rest watched both of them leave, they felt rather relieved. 
“I’m afraid, Mia is going to become the most hated woman within the industry.”
Jerry shook his head as he turned his attention back to the screen. Megan and Silas shared his sentiments but it wasn’t their job as actors to worry about it. 
After the recording for the second episode was completed, Megan and Donna left the film site. Along the way, both of them chatted about what she saw at Lostaria. It then reminded them of Jonas’ incident. 
After having returned to Lostaria the second time, Megan contacted Rocky to investigate the matter. However, they had not received any updates from him. 
With that thought in mind, Megan took out her phone, planning to give him a call. 
“Making a call?” Donna couldn’t help but ask curiously. She then teased, “To Mr. Wilson?” 
After dialing the number, Megan shook her head, feeling amused. “Definitely not. Don’t let your imagination run wild. I’m calling Rocky to ask about Jonas.” 
“I see…” Donna pretended to be surprised as she dragged out her words on purpose. The teasing look in her eyes gave Megan goosebumps. 
Averting her gaze, Megan looked away from Donna. Meanwhile, she twirled her hair with her fingers while waiting for Rocky to pick up. 
“Hello? Who is this?” 
After a while, the call finally connected. Raising her eyebrows, Megan calmly replied, “It’s me, Megan. Are you free to talk?” 
The moment he heard Megan’s voice, Rocky who was typing on the keyboard with his other hand stopped. Holding his phone, he motioned for someone else to take over his work before walking out. 
“Why are you calling me all of a sudden? Do you have something scandalous to share?”
By then, Rocky and Megan enjoyed a strange relationship akin to symbiosis, where they relied on each other in a delicate way. 
Megan was aware that Rocky wasn’t always keen on helping her out. However, as someone without a public relations officer, he was her spokesperson by default. Therefore, she had to always entice him into doing her bidding. 
“There are no new leaks but there’s something I want to ask you about. Remember when I requested you to help me investigate the rumor about Jonas being gay? Did you find anything?” 
At the mention of Jonas, Rocky quickly remembered the case. After a brief silence, he recalled the details in his mind and reported, “Yes I did. Everything you saw online was fabricated. The person in the room wasn’t Jonas at all.” 
Not Jonas? 
It was just as Megan had expected. Thereafter, she couldn’t help but ask, “In that case, who is he?” 
“Let me think. I remembered that he was just a small-time actor…” Scratching his head and furrowing his eyebrows, Rocky racked his brains. “Oh yea, his name is Nathan Coyle.”
###Chapter 3302
Chapter 3302 Things Are No Longer The Same 
Megan frowned when she heard the name. She tried her best to recall that person; yet, her effort was to no avail. 
In the end, she asked, “Who is he? Why is he trying to accuse Jonas?” 
Megan bombarded Rocky with all sorts of questions, but he had no answers to her questions. He reached for the other phone he had with him and started perusing Nathan’s information. 
“He a model-turned-actor and has been cast as supporting characters in different dramas. Unfortunately, he has yet to make a name out of himself. According to the gathered intel, he seems to have a few sugar daddies.” 
Megan gaped at the news because she was taken aback by the fact of Nathan having a few sugar daddies. 
Her lips unwittingly twitched as she was at a loss for words. After a few seconds, she asked, “If that’s the case, do you have any evidence to prove he was the one in Mr. Whittemore’s room?” 
“Of course! I have retrieved two photos by accessing the hotel’s surveillance system. Nathan’s side profile was clearly portrayed in one of the photos.” 
Megan heaved a sigh of relief because she could prove Jonas innocent with the evidence Rocky had gathered. 
Nonetheless, he would still have to go through a lot in order to get rid of the label of being gay. Otherwise, his image would be tarnished.
After Rocky put his phone aside, he denoted petulantly, “Speaking of which, Jonas is quite the unlucky one.” 
Megan thought that particular statement was a double innuendo. Thus, she asked, “Why? What exactly is going on?” 
“The staff of the hotel told me Jonas was there to sign the renewal clause. He wasn’t there for Mr. Whittemore, but they happened to be there around the same time. The netizen got creative and linked the photo of the topless man to them.” 
Is that all? 
Megan was stupefied—it was evident that she still had her doubts. Hence, she asked, “Are you indicating these were nothing more than coincidences? Mr. Whittemore has never once intended to accuse Jonas?” 
She could vividly recall her conversation with Jonas at the hotel—he told her Anderson was the one who was behind everything. 
Puffing on the cigarette, Rocky looked elsewhere and started chuckling. He replied sheepishly, “That wasn’t part of his plan, but he might have changed his mind after the photos made it to the internet. I believe Mr. Whittemore wants to prove Jonas has violated the terms, so he doesn’t have to fork out a fortune to void the agreement. Perhaps he had acquired the aid of the attorney for the same reason.” 
Megan arched her brows in confusion and wondered if the fortune associated with voiding the agreement was worth exposing his sexual preference to the public. 
“That’s pretty much everything regarding the incident Jonas has gotten himself involved. I didn’t have the time to explain everything. Also, you didn’t ask me about the detail,” Rocky explained everything in
a calm and collected manner as though it was just another casual conversation. 
Curious by his sudden change of attitude, she asked, “Thank you so much for your help, but I have one last question for you. Are you sure you’re the Rocky I’m acquainted with? The one I know is an extremely calculative man.” 
He had his eyes glued to the cigarette in between his fingers as he deadpanned his reply, “When you were away at Lostaria, I was stabbed and rushed to the hospital. Perhaps, it was the doing of another celebrity I had offended. Fortunately, it was nothing fatal. You’re not the only one who has mentioned the same thing, but you’re the only one who isn’t against the idea of talking to me.” 
Megan was surprised by the series of events that had occurred during the brief span she was away— Jonas was involved in a scandal, whereas Rocky was stabbed. Survival had always been tough in showbiz.
###Chapter 3303
Chapter 3303 Please Do Me Another Favor 
She tried to console the seemingly dejected man. “It’s time for you to move on because there’s nothing you can do to change the outcome. No matter what you’re up to, as long as you stay true to yourself, it’s fine.” 
Overwhelmed by emotions, Megan heaved a long sigh when she recalled something. Suddenly, she brought up another request and asked, “I need you to do me another favor! Are you free at the moment?” 
After puffing on the cigarette once more, he asked, “What is it? I don’t mind if it’s nothing tough.” 
“It’s not tough at all because it’s what you do best! I need you to announce two things in the form of a question-and-answer session on your Twitter account!” Megan gave it a thought and swirled her eyes before adding, “Tell everyone Mia was the reason behind the delay of Let’s Run. On top of that, verify Jonas wasn’t gay.” 
Rocky went dead silent for a few seconds after he heard the request. A short while later, he asked, “Do I get anything in return?” 
Although Rocky was no longer the aggressive man he used to be, he hadn’t given up on pursuing wealth in life. 
After much considerations, Megan added, “I’ll pay you, but I don’t have that much after spending a fortune to get the better of Herman.” 
Rocky’s drooping pair of eyes gleamed in excitement when he heard her mentioning Herman. He asked with a smirk, “You can consider this a non-monetary compensation by telling me the things that
have happened between you and Herman. Once you tell me everything, I’ll post the update immediately.” 
Megan was dumbfounded because Rocky didn’t bother to conceal his intention at all. In the end, she shared everything that had occurred in Lostaria with him. 
He burst out laughing because he found the series of incidents hilarious. “Oh, God! Those aren’t really worth it, but I can’t possibly go back against my words when I have promised to do you the favor. I’ll get it done as soon as possible.” 
“Alright, allow me to express my gratitude in advance.” 
After they wrapped up their conversation and hung up the call, Megan let out a long sigh of relief. She was thrilled when she started imagining the things awaiting Mia. 
After being picked on by Mia over and over again, Megan thought It was about time for Mia to have a taste of her own medicine and become the laughing stock of netizens. 
She was also determined to get back at her for the things that happened in Lostaria should the opportunity arise. 
I guess I should call it a day after sorting out Jonas’ issue. I’m pretty sure netizens will believe Rocky’s announcement. 
After all, it isn’t a one-sided statement from Jonas. Once those from the industry are made aware of the truth, the public can speculate all they want because their opinion doesn’t really matter anymore. 
Most importantly, Jonas doesn’t have to be worried about his future anymore.
Once Megan hung up the call, she decided to dine in a nearby restaurant because she could hear Donna and her stomach growling after a long day. 
Although they were seated at the corner of the restaurant, a lot of fans noticed her presence and approached her for photos and signatures. She couldn’t bear to turn them down. Thus, she would have to entertain her fans every few minutes. 
“Wow! Megan, I guess you’re going to make it soon, huh?” 
Immediately after they finished their meal, they sneaked out of the restaurant. When Donna recalled how Megan had to sign her autographs every few minutes, she guessed Megan would soon make a name out of herself. Unable to hold back her excitement, she yelled and jumped for joy. 
Megan was relatively calm. She tapped on Donna’s shoulders and pinched her cheek to conceal the joy she felt deep down. “We’re not even close to my ultimate goal. Shall we keep the celebration for the day my ultimate goal is achieved?” 
It wasn’t an attempt to demotivate Donna. Instead, those were words of motivation in disguise to keep herself going because she knew she had to work harder. 
She wasn’t a match for the bigshots in the industry in terms of resources and connections. Thus, if she wanted to catch up with them, she couldn’t afford to slack even the slightest bit.
###Chapter 3304
Chapter 3304 Get Me A Photographer 
“Alright, I’ll give my best to support you!” 
Donna was conscious of the things Megan was up to after collaborating with her for such a long time. She responded with a bright grin because she was equally excited about the things awaiting them in the future. 
She wrapped her arms around Megan and said, “Shall we go home?” 
Megan’s eyes widened in disbelief when Donna brought up the suggestion—she forgot to tell her Jake had brought her back to his place against her will. 
What should I do? Since I lied when I was involved in the production of the show, I guess it’s time for me to explain everything, huh? 
“What’s wrong, Megan? Don’t you want to go home?” The observant Donna noticed Megan’s hesitation and got in front of her. 
Megan looked elsewhere because her mind was all over the place. Once she figured out she wouldn’t be able to keep it to herself any longer, she decided to tell Donna the truth. 
She looked at Donna in the eyes and announced, “Donna, I need to tell you something—I won’t be staying at your place from today onwards.” 
When Donna heard her, her heart skipped a beat because she was confused by the reason behind the decision that came out of nowhere. 
It took her a few seconds to snap out of the state of bewilderment. Confused, she asked, “Why? Is anything bothering you?”
Megan sighed and started recalling the timeline of the entire incident. Once she had everything summarized, she shared the key events with Donna. 
Subsequently, Donna covered her mouth and chuckled in return. She added in a playful manner, “Don’t you think it’s only a matter of time before you’re a member of the Wilson family?” 
Megan rolled her eyes because Donna wouldn’t stop laughing. Truth be told, she considered herself lucky to be able to stay next to Jake. 
She was afraid he might change his mind if he was aware of the truth. In the end, she decided to stop overthinking things because she couldn’t do anything to change the outcome. 
Blinking her eyes with a mischievous look, Megan replied, “Can you stop pulling my leg? I’ll spend the time being in his apartment, but I’ll sneak my way out once every once and then because I want to stay with you as well.” 
Donna nodded in return, indicating she had taken note of Megan’s words. 
“If that’s the case, I guess we’ll be heading back to our respective place?” 
Apart from Let’s Run, Megan wasn’t involved in the production of other shows because she wanted to make the most out of her limited time and avoid getting herself involved in overly time-consuming production. 
When she saw the nearby boutique store, she remembered the bunch of clothes Jake had sent her which she had merely worn. 
She clapped her hands when she thought of the things they could do. “Come with me! Let’s go home and retrieve a few sets of clothes, then go for a candid photoshoot session!”
Confused, Donna repeated with a scrunched-up face, “A candid photoshoot?” 
“You need to stop asking questions and get me a photographer as soon as possible! Please refrain from hiring someone who’s going to make a hole in my pocket! Once I retrieve the clothes, I’ll head over and meet you!” 
Thrilled, Megan rushed home immediately after she finished delivering her instructions. 
As soon as she was home, Megan picked the clothes that would be deemed fashionable seven years later. After a simple mix-and-match session, she packed everything with her and rushed over to meet up with Donna. 
Candid photography wasn’t a thing yet because smartphones weren’t made available to the public. In general, cameras with relatively limited pixels couldn’t support candid photographs, whereas digital cameras would cost a fortune. Thus, not many people in Chanaea could get do it now. 
On the contrary, countless influencers would rise to fame due to candid photography within another few years. They could easily portray themselves and their unique fashion sense. One of the most iconic themes was airport fashion. 
Since she knew it would be a thing soon, Megan decided to give it a try. If she could make a name for herself in the fashion industry, she would be approached by brands to endorse their products. Icon Fashion Show would be nothing more than a trivial event.
###Chapter 3305
Chapter 3305 Why Have You Chosen Me 
“This way!” 
When Megan heard Donna’s voice, she turned around and saw her across the street with a slender woman next to her. The relatively young woman had a digital camera with her. 
Megan tried to conceal her face with the cap and greeted the woman once she reached their side. 
“Hello, I’m Megan!” 
“Hey, I’m Monica.” 
The photographer seemed to be a woman of a few words. She deadpanned her introduction and remained silent after greeting Megan in return. 
On the other hand, when Megan heard Monica’s name, her eyes widened in disbelief because she recalled Monica was the lead photographer of a top-notch fashion magazine and the youngest award- winning photographer. 
Previously, she tried to procure Monica’s aid to produce her album; yet, her request was turned down because of Monica’s packed schedule. 
Since I have encountered her seven years earlier, I think she’s still a college student. She doesn’t seem as intimidating as the Monica that I knew. I guess it’s because she’s still a rookie. 
Monica frowned in return because she disliked others staring at her in the eyes. She asked, “Do you know me?”
Megan finally returned to her senses and waved in return. “No! I just think you look like a close acquaintance of mine! If you’re ready, let’s begin!” 
Monica lowered her gaze and started adjusting the setting of her camera. Instead of groveling herself at the presence of a celebrity, the woman with a ponytail remarked in a casual manner, “Sure. The set of clothes you have put on is suitable for a photoshoot to take place at a bustling street.” 
When Megan heard Monica’s remark, she was taken aback because of her sharp fashion sense. A simple glance was all it took for her to determine the appropriate theme for the photoshoot. 
Impressed, Megan exclaimed, “You’re awesome! I can’t believe you’re so experienced when you’re so young!” 
“It’s a remark I have made based on my hunch instead of my experience. Actually, I was never involved in a formal photoshoot before. I guess we’ll find out if I’m cut for the job or not at the end of the session.” 
After Monica finished her sentence, she directed the camera at Megan in between the crowd. As a result, some of the onlookers noticed they were in the middle of a photoshoot. A few of her fans approached her for signature. 
Soon, the plaza got increasingly crowded. In order to prevent from causing any disruption to the public, Megan ended up shooting at different locations. 
They spent a few hours taking photos of different themes. By the time they were done, it was already five o’clock. The exhausted trio was finally done with the first candid photoshoot. 
“Oh, God! We’re finally done!”
Unable to withstand the pent-up fatigue anymore, Megan took a seat at a hidden corner. Similarly, the worn-out Donna and Monica sat next to her. 
After Monica wiped her sweat dry, she suggested with a deadpan look, “Check it out.” 
She handed over the camera to Megan and showed her the fruits of their labor. Megan was pleased as she perused all the photos. 
Her attempt to save up had brought her to the renowned photographer in the future. She was determined to stay in touch with Monica to gain the first-mover advantage. 
“Can you please touch up the photos on my behalf? Once you’re done, send everything to my email. Also, I’d like to hire you for the long run.” 
When Megan returned the camera to Monica, she noticed the photographer was taken aback by her request. She thought Monica was worried about the rate. Thus, she said, “You don’t have to worry because I’m not going to scam you. After all, I’m considered a public figure. We can always discuss the suitable rate—” 
“It’s not about the money.” Monica held on to the camera and interrupted Megan with a melancholic look, “I’m sure there are a lot of photographers at your service, isn’t it? Why have you chosen a college student instead of a professional?” 
Her question took Megan by surprise because she made it sound as though others had doubted her photography skills before.
###Chapter 3306
Chapter 3306 You Have Done Me A Huge Favor 
Megan furrowed her brows when that particular thought crossed her mind. She tapped on Monica’s shoulders and knew she might be confused. It might be another challenge the future renowned photographer had to counter. 
Thus, Megan asserted, “I think if you submit the entire album to take part in a competition for rookies, you’re going to top the chart without a doubt. I’ll give you my consent to use the album. Why don’t you submit it to the fashion magazine’s editors? I think they’re going to appreciate your work as well.” 
Monica would sooner or later figure out her actual talent. Thus, Megan decided to do her a favor to win her over. 
On the other hand, Monica was taken aback by Megan’s words. She was confused by the reason the stranger had gone to great lengths for her sake. Megan responded with a bright grin, behaving as though she was conscious of Monica’s concerns. 
“I’m just trying to do you a favor to stop you from doubting yourself. You look like a close acquaintance of mine, so it’s not much of a big deal at all.” 
Megan’s gentle remark worked like a charm and warded off the things bothering Monica all along. In spite of the slight change in her expression, the indifferent woman was touched for once. 
“Thanks, Megan. You’re such a humble celebrity.” 
Staring at the young woman on the stairs, Megan responded to her remark with a sincere smile. Monica seemed to have opened up to her because Megan no longer felt as distant. 
It turned out Monica was the type of person who wouldn’t be vulnerable in front of others unless the other party took the initiative to engage with her.
Megan shook her head and grasped Monica’s hand, asserting in a gentle tone, “You’re most welcome. I need to go because I still have another agenda on my schedule. Once you’re done editing the photos, we’ll proceed with the contract with a predetermined rate of ten thousand for a session. If the outcome turns out better than my expectation, I’ll give you a bonus without imposing any limit.” 
The generous offer was like a dream come true for every rookie photographer. Most importantly, it was a boost to their confidence. 
Overwhelmed by emotions, Monica’s eyes flickered. 
She nodded vigorously and grasped her camera with all her might. A few seconds later, she assured with a bright grin, “Alright, I’ll get it done as soon as possible.” 
“Okay! I’ll be waiting for you!” 
Megan was thrilled after she bade farewell to Monica. 
As Monica disappeared amidst the street with a bustling crowd, Megan secretly prayed Monica would keep the favor she had done her in mind and continue offering her service into the foreseeable future. 
“Hey, Megan! Don’t you think it’s a foolish decision?” 
When they hailed a cab back to Donna’s place, Donna broke the silence and blurted out everything she had been keeping to herself the moment they walked into the foyer. 
Megan, who was on the couch, took a peek at Donna and announced with a proud look, “You know what? This is the best investment I have made over the years! Speaking of which, how did you find her?”
Donna was utterly stupefied because of Megan’s seemingly baseless remark. She scratched her head in confusion and replied, “She happened to be wandering around with a digital camera. When I approached her, she thought it was a scam. Fortunately, you showed up in the nick of time and persuaded her to join us.” 
Megan was equally confused because it seemed too much to be a coincidence, but none of their encounters were arranged beforehand. Perhaps, fate had brought them together. 
Seconds after she snapped out of confusion, Megan wrapped her arms around Donna and expressed her gratitude. “Thank you so much for approaching her! You have just done me a huge favor!” 
The confused Donna arched her brows, but she had no intention to poke her nose into Megan’s plan because Megan was always up to something odd. 
Suddenly, Megan’s heart skipped a beat when she received a call. Upon a simple glance, she noticed it was a call from Rocky. 
Thus, she regained her composure and picked up the call.
###Chapter 3307
Chapter 3307 The Best Is Yet To Come 
“Yes?” “I have just updated my Twitter. You can check on it if you’re free.” 
Megan was intimidated by Rocky’s drastic change of behavior. The man who tried to force him into submission had morphed into an easygoing person after her trip back. 
It might have something to do with his near-death experience. That must be the reason he had started seeing things from a different point of view. 
Megan stopped herself from overthinking things and hung up the call after wrapping up the conversation. 
Immediately, she beckoned Donna to switch on the computer and instructed, “Hurry up and check your Twitter account!” 
She was on pins and needles as she wondered if Rocky had drafted the post according to her request. 
Aware of how Megan was feeling, Donna logged into her account within a few seconds and found Rocky’s account. They had their eyes glued to the screen and started perusing the status. 
“Since I’m in a great mood, I’ll answer a few of the netizens’ questions regarding a particular male celebrity’s sexual preference! Well, it’s impossible for him to have a thing for men! Even if he does have a thing for men, he’s going to be the sugar daddy instead because he’s filthy rich!” ”Let’s not forget he’s the champion of the talent show. On top of that, he has made a name out of himself the very moment he debuts. He has access to all sorts of resources without needing the support of a sole sponsor.” ”The incident was supposed to be an internal conflict of Sky Entertainment, but the stubborn celebrity has accidentally offended his higher-ups. As a result, he was lured into a trap that was set to get rid of him.”
Megan was impressed by the way Rocky delivered everything in a non-biased manner; yet, he managed to clarify everything Jonas was accused of. He avoided naming those involved and shared his point of view with the netizens, including the truth. 
It didn’t matter if the netizens would be convinced or not because that was merely the first phase of the plan. Soon, she would take part in another show with Jonas. Thus, she was certain everything would be resolved by then. 
“Megan, why are you spacing out? Hurry up and check on the part that involves Mia!” 
Donna turned around and grasped Megan’s sleeves, showing her the rest of the post. 
Seconds after she returned to her senses, Megan blinked and nodded, staring at the part Donna highlighted. 
“I’m sure everyone is having quite a boring weekend, isn’t it? Shall we talk about the latest gossip regarding a female celebrity? Are you guys aware she has demanded the production crew to reshoot the entire show because she couldn’t even make it through the preliminary? There was more to that because she actually meddled with the judges’ decision and decided on the ones to be eliminated on their behalf! I guess she’s the only one befitting the title of Starling Media’s diva, huh?” 
Once again, Megan nodded in satisfaction when she read Rocky’s analysis. Since Jacinta was the one holding the title of Starling Media’s diva, another showdown between Jacinta and Mia would soon take place. 
On top of that, Rocky had mentioned the juiciest part without holding back. Thus, Megan was certain Let’s Run latest episode would top the chart again. 
“Check out the comments immediately!”
Megan couldn’t wait to figure out the netizen’s response towards the issues Rocky had highlighted. They started perusing the comments again after Donna scrolled to the comment section. 
“I’m sure the male celebrity is Jonas, but I can’t be sure if Megan or Mia is the female celebrity that has been mentioned! However, all things considered, it’s safe to assume he’s talking about Mia!” 
“I have always thought something was going on behind the scenes regarding Jonas’ scandal! As the leading celebrity of Sky Entertainment, the company didn’t bother to clarify things on his behalf! It’s obvious they want to ruin his career!” 
“Mia is up to no good again, huh? When she was involved in a commercial shoot in our school, I saw her beating the director up! Unfortunately, her fans insisted it was the director’s fault!” 
Megan was glad because she had achieved her goal of provoking the netizens. The gossipmongers on the internet were susceptible to biased remarks. Others would be influenced by these biased comments and change their mind soon. 
“Megan, don’t you think it’s over for Mia?” After going through the comments reprimanding Mia for being arrogant, Donna secretly prayed for her wellbeing. 
Sneering, Megan announced, “We shall see how it goes once the latest episode of the show is aired! I’m pretty sure things will spiral out of soon! Osmond can try to salvage Mia’s innocent image as much as he wants, but it’s not going to change the outcome. After all, she was never innocent, to begin with.”
###Chapter 3308
Chapter 3308 One Last Trial 
“Hahaha! You’re right! She has always been putting on a show in front of others!” 
The duo had a great time ridiculing Mia on the couch. When they started engaging in a casual conversation, Donna received a call out of the blue. 
She excused herself and picked up the call before returning to the couch after a few minutes. 
“It’s a call from Monica. She said she had dropped you an email and attached the edited photos.” 
Megan’s eyes gleamed in excitement. She logged into her account and came across an email with no subject. 
There were a total of nine photos with three different themes, including artistic looks, refreshing looks, and formal looks. Those happened to be the upcoming trends in the years to come that were suitable for women from all walks of life. 
Megan perused the photos and noticed Monica did a great job applying filters of different settings when using filters wasn’t even a fashion yet. She was able to customize a suitable theme for the photos. 
Pointing at one of the photos, Donna exclaimed, “Wow! This is so artistic!” 
Megan looked in the direction of Donna’s hand and saw a portrait photo with a high-contrast filter that perfectly highlighted the clothes she had put on. 
“Of course! Have you forgotten she’s a hand-picked member of the team? Alright, it’s time for us to get going!” 
Megan saved all the photos and uploaded them on her Twitter account.
A few minutes after they were posted, she received a lot of comments. Megan was delighted and decided to create a hashtag for her post. 
Within ten minutes, her post went viral. Megan was slightly shocked, but those were actually part of her plan. 
The outfits and styles she had put on were the exact opposite of mainstream fashion and the latest styles. Thus, she was certain it would blow up amongst youngsters soon. 
“I think we need to pay Monica another few visits soon.” 
Megan could barely conceal her excitement. Similarly, Donna was thrilled because she was certain Megan’s fashion sense and Monica’s exceptional photography skills would help Megan to secure her first endorsement with renowned brands. 
Indeed, within an hour, Megan received a call from a person in charge who was keen to commission her upcoming photoshoot session. 
She wasn’t particularly interested in that offer because ambassadorship was the one she sought. However, when the person in charge revealed the brand he was in charge of, Megan agreed to be involved and worked out the details of the shoots with him soon. 
Once she hung up the call, she delivered her instruction with a serious look, “Donna, can you give Monica a call and get her to tag along with me for the session? I can’t afford to mess this up!” 
She then sprinted into her room and started dolling herself up, leaving a confused Donna behind. 
Donna wasn’t even given the chance to direct another question at Megan. 
Megan hailed a cab and departed to a high-end boutique after she dolled herself up.
Usually, top-notch global brands like this would rarely acquire the aid of influencers and relatively unknown celebrities. Although Megan wasn’t asked to endorse the brand, the fact that she was commissioned for a photoshoot session meant she had proven herself worthy. 
When Megan was on the phone with the brand’s operational director, he told her to drop by their boutique to collect a few suitable outfits for her upcoming shoots. He would show up during the shoot to inspect if the photos produced could represent the image of the brand. 
Megan was conscious that the other party still had their doubts. Therefore, the upcoming photoshoot was nothing more than a test for her. 
After Megan alighted from the cab with Donna, she noticed they were way ahead of the designated time for the meeting with the director.
###Chapter 3309
Chapter 3309 Who Do We Have Here 
She must have gotten overly pumped up and gotten ahead of herself. 
It wouldn’t be wise for her to stand at the entrance of the boutique store doing nothing. After a few minutes, she made her way into the store and started picking the outfits she deemed suitable. 
The brand’s clothes for the season were on a more formal note. It had relatively simple designs and monotonous colors. In terms of price and design, it was the perfect type of clothes for office ladies. 
Although she was never a member of the fashion industry, she had the experience of purchasing clothes throughout her previous life. 
“Miss, please be careful because it’s going to cost you thirty-two thousand.” 
The moment Megan entered the store, a store attendant started following her around. In spite of being courteous, Megan knew she despised her presence. 
Hello? It’s not like clothes are fragile! It’s obvious she has brought up the price to intimidate me in an attempt to chase me away. 
Megan turned around with her face puckered in irritation. After she took a peek at the shop attendant, she replied with a smirk, “Oh? Can you please get me a small-sized one? I’d love to give it a try!” 
The shop attendant could barely remain the straight face. She forced a smile and asserted, “I’m so sorry, but the small-sized one isn’t available anymore. If you’re sure you’re going to purchase it, I’ll get my colleagues from another branch to bring it over immediately.” 
She had heard of similar excuses countless times before. Megan shrugged her shoulders and deadpanned her reply, “If that’s the case, can I get a middle-sized one?”
“W-We have run out of middle-sized one as well.” 
When she heard the shop attendant’s reply, she turned around and scowled at her, behaving as though she had long seen through her lies. 
“Oh! Who do we have here? Isn’t this Megan?” 
When Megan heard another woman’s voice from behind, she turned around and noticed Jacinta was marching her way into the store. 
As soon as the store attendant saw Jacinta, she rushed over to greet the top-notch celebrity with a sincere smile, “Ms. Twinkle, what sort of clothes are you here to purchase?” 
Jacinta ignored the shop attendant’s query and made her way over to Megan’s side with her pair of heels that were etched with sparkling crystals. 
“Hmm! Get me the one she’s holding! I want every single size available!” 
“Alright, please hold on for a short while!” 
Once the shop attendant acquired Jacinta’s instructions, she tried to head to the store, but Megan got ahead of her and stopped her. 
She scowled at the shop attendant, showing no signs of stepping aside at all. “Haven’t you told me the store has run out of small-sized and medium-sized ones? How come it shows up miraculously when Jacinta is here? Is this the way you’re supposed to treat your customer?” 
The shop attendant responded with a sheepish grin; yet, she wasn’t apologetic at all. Nonetheless, she did a great job concealing her emotions.
“Ms. Twinkle is the store’s VIP customer. Therefore, we have reserved a few for her. Ms. Rockford, if you’re able to spend over three million within a year, we’d be glad to offer a similar service to you.” 
It was a flawless double innuendo that was capable of rendering Megan speechless and insulting her at the same time. With that being said, it was evident those were out blunt lies from the shop attendant because no stores would require their customers to spend millions to be VIP customers. 
The most I have ever heard of was a few hundred thousand! It’s obvious she’s trying to humiliate me, indicating I’m a poor country bumpkin! 
“Oh, Megan! Please stop giving her a hard time when she’s just trying to do her job! If you can afford the dress you’re holding, why don’t you go ahead?” 
Megan turned around and glared at Jacinta in the eyes because she would have enough cash to throw at her if it weren’t because of the fortune she had spent to get the better of Herman. 
Although she wasn’t a filthy rich celebrity, it wouldn’t be tough for her to gather thirty thousand to purchase a dress after working for years. 
She got increasingly infuriated because they wouldn’t stop humiliating her. Upon a simple glance at the entrance, Megan saw a man in a suit walking into the store.
###Chapter 3310
Chapter 3310 Why Have You Chosen Her 
Megan’s eyes gleamed, but she put on a stern front and cast the dress she had been holding aside. Glaring at Jacinta and the shop attendant, she reprimanded, “Seriously? It seems like you’re only good at picking on your customer! Since only top-notch celebrities are allowed to enter the store, why don’t you print a memo and paste it at the entrance?” 
As she was at the top of her lungs, the man at the entrance of the store heard the content of their conversation. 
He approached them with a frown and asked, “What’s with the commotion? What’s going on?” 
Upon another glimpse, the man noticed the ladies were none other than Megan and Jacinta. 
Startled by their presence, he took a step forward and greeted Megan, “Hello, Ms. Rockford. May I know what’s going on?” 
The crumpled dress could be seen on the porcelain floor, while the shop attendant started perspiring in fear. Judging by Megan’s reaction and Jacinta’s expression, he soon ruled out the possibility of them being in an intense fight. 
A few seconds later, he shoot daggers at the shop attendant next to them. 
“I’ll teach her a lesson immediately. On top of that, please accept the dress as a token of apology from us.” 
Megan scowled at the shop attendant because the man who had shown up was the store’s operational director—Hudson. She had perused his information prior to her departure to get herself ready for the upcoming photoshoot. The information she had gathered beforehand ended up being leveraged to get herself out of the nasty situation.
“I guess I can’t really afford any of the dresses available here! Allow me to turn down the offer because I don’t want to be accused of as a thief!” 
As a result of Megan’s sarcastic remark, the arrogant shop attendant next to them started shivering in fear. 
“I-I’m so sorry, Ms. Rockford. A-Actually, I’m also a fan of yours—” 
Hudson next to the shop attendant stopped her from defending herself and reprimanded her, “Keep the rest to yourself because I won’t forgive you even if Ms. Rockford decides to let you off the hook! You have just picked on our valued customer! In fact, we almost lost a precious opportunity to work with Ms. Rockford because of you!” 
Colors drained from the shop attendant’s face when she heard Hudson’s announcement. She looked at Megan in disbelief and asked, “Sir, are you serious? She’s commissioned for the brand’s upcoming photoshoot?” 
“What else could it possibly be? Should we hire you for the job instead? Hurry up and get out of our sight at once!” 
Hudson had no intention to waste his time with the shop attendant anymore because he would have to deal with the store’s valued customers. 
The moment the store attendant walked away, Jacinta tucked her arms and asked with a scrunched-up face, “Hudson, have I been hearing things? Have you really commissioned her for a photoshoot?” 
Once Hudson regained his composure, he nodded and replied courteously, “The candid photos Ms. Rockford uploaded on her account had portrayed her unique fashion sense. Therefore, the company has made the decision to commission her for a photoshoot with a similar theme to promote the brand.”
Jacinta’s expression darkened when she heard him. Infuriated, she stepped forward and drew Megan over to her side, glaring at her in the eyes. 
Megan was almost lifted up because of Jacinta’s pair of high heels 
“What do you want from me?” Megan tried to shrug her off, but Jacinta didn’t even budge. Instead, she fastened her grip, rendering Megan incapable of any movement. 
Jacinta ignored Megan and glared at Hudson in an attempt to intimidate him. As compared to her usual innocent image, Jacinta seemed more like a wicked witch that would devour Megan soon. 
“Hudson, do you mind telling me if she’s a match for me in terms of look? Why have you chosen her over me? She’s not even famous! I don’t mind losing to Mia, but I can’t comprehend the reason she has defeated me!”
###Chapter 3311
Chapter 3311 Mind Your Words 
Hudson furrowed his brows because Jacinta wouldn’t stop belittling Megan in front of him. She wasn’t in a position to pick on their company’s standard either. 
Meanwhile, once Megan saw an opportunity to escape, she launched a blow on Jacinta’s hip with all her might. 
Megan caressed her aching neck and scowled at the infuriated Jacinta. “Are you so jealous? Haven’t you been in the fashion industry for years? Aren’t you aware beauty is defined in many ways?” 
Hudson nodded, indicating he was of the same opinion. Jacinta could barely pull herself together and clenched her fists with all her might, penetrating her palms with her manicured nails. 
Overwhelmed by emotions, her eyes flickered in wrath as though she was up to something in her mind. 
Once again, she asked in a callous tone, “Are you indicating I’m no longer the suitable candidate for the brand? Is it because I can’t portray the youthful elements associated with the brand?” 
Age was the only thing she cared about because it played a great deal in her relationship and her career. She couldn’t think of anything else that would motivate the brand she used to collaborate with to commission someone else other than her. 
She’s not even a match for me in terms of look! Apart from the difference between our ages, she’s just another good-for-nothing celebrity! 
Hudson was irked by Jacinta’s remark. Nonetheless, he carried himself in a courteous manner and replied, “Ms. Twinkle, I’m afraid you have misperceived our intention because we have made the decision to collaborate with Megan because of her unique fashion sense.”
Jacinta had come across the photos Megan uploaded. She begged to differ because she thought those couldn’t be considered fashionable. 
“Is that all the brand has to offer? Those outfits can barely be considered fashionable! Have you not been to the Icon Fashion Show? I can’t believe the management team has appointed you as the operational director!” 
Jacinta started losing over her emotions and morphed into a hideous and mean woman, incapable of minding her speech. 
Meanwhile, Megan had no intention to defend herself because Jacinta would bring upon her own misery by offending the person in charge of the brand while she had nothing to lose. 
Hudson tried to suppress his wrath and deadpanned his warning, “Ms. Twinkle, I believe you’re not in a position to make that call on the management team’s behalf! If you wish to collaborate with us in the future, why don’t you work on yourself and stop throwing a tantrum here? Ms. Rockford, we can leave once you’re done selecting the clothes.” 
He did a great job maintaining his professionalism. On the contrary, Jacinta couldn’t behave the way a top-notch celebrity was supposed to. 
Since Hudson was about to leave, Megan retrieved the clothes she had long had her eyes on and went after him. 
When she passed by Jacinta’s side, she greeted her with a bright grin, whispering sarcastically, “See? I can’t afford the clothes, but I don’t need to pay for them anyway.” 
Jacinta was on the verge of going berserk again. She ended up flushing and shrieking in the store, yet Hudson and Megan couldn’t be bothered by her behavior.
It took another few minutes before they got to rendezvous with Donna and Monica. Donna had been waiting for Monica because the latter was in the middle of a class. 
As a result of the saga that had occurred in the store, the slight delay actually added to their advantage. 
“Ms. Rockford, I’m so sorry for the things you have to go through,” Hudson apologized with a sheepish grin. It was evident the incident had tarnished the store’s image. 
In the midst of waiting for Monica to set up the camera, Megan shook her head and asserted, “It’s not a big deal. In fact, it’s an honor to be invited for a commissioned photoshoot by the brand. Hopefully, the incident that has occurred won’t impact our future collaboration.” 
Nodding, Hudson assured with a grin, “As long as things turn out well, it won’t be an issue!” 
He had grown fond of Megan, but when he turned around and caught a glimpse of Monica, he asked with a confused look, “Are you sure we can rely on this photographer who seems to be way too young for the job? Are you sure you don’t need our photographer’s help?”
###Chapter 3312
Chapter 3312 Where Are You 
Megan smirked in return and looked at Monica with a serious expression, indicating she had faith in her. She turned around and said, “Why don’t you see for yourself? I’m sure you’re going to be impressed. To be honest, if it’s possible, I want to introduce her to others.” 
Hudson knew it was a compliment in disguise, but he would never allow a rookie to assume such an important role because their boutique was a globally renowned brand. 
In the end, he responded with a smile, behaving as though he wasn’t conscious of her meaning. 
A few hours later, Megan returned with the photos of the session. Hudson was given a copy and planned to have those from the design department look at it. 
They decided to call it a day because it had been a long one. The exhausted Megan bade farewell to Donna and returned to Jake’s apartment. 
Once she reached his apartment, she noticed he had yet to return. In spite of switching on every available source of illumination in the house, she still found the place eerie. 
If there was one thing she had to pick on, it would be the overly organized items and furniture that made the entire place seem desolate. 
Suddenly, when Megan heard someone entering the desolate place, she turned around and noticed it was a middle-aged woman. 
Confused by the woman’s presence, Megan rushed over to greet her because she was afraid that the middle-aged woman was Jake’s aunt or something. 
“Hello, who you are?”
The middle-aged woman was equally surprised by Megan’s presence. She closed the door and replied with a timid smile, “I have been hired by Mr. Wilson to take care of this place when he’s not around. You can call me Josephine. Actually, I was on my way back, but Mr. Wilson told me to return and get dinner ready.” 
Megan heaved a sigh of relief when she found out Josephine was a maid hired by Jake because she wasn’t ready to meet anyone else apart from Jake. 
A few seconds later, she greeted Josephine with a smile, “I have just moved in last night. Thus, I’m not sure of the way things work around here. Is he coming back tonight? Why has he instructed you to get dinner ready?” 
Josephine gaped at Megan’s question. She asked in return, “Haven’t Mr. Wilson informed you? He has sent me here to get your dinner ready because he won’t be back tonight.” 
Megan could feel her heart wrenching the moment she heard Josephine’s reply. After a few seconds of silence, she told Josephine, “Can you hold on for a minute? I’ll give him a call.” 
What is Jake doing? 
Initially, she thought she was another one of Jake’s many women he would ignore once he got sick. It turned out that wasn’t the case because he had sent Josephine to take care of her. 
What’s with this odd feeling when we’re not really related to one another? If he’s serious about me, he will take me out for dinner, won’t he? 
Megan shook her head in an attempt to rid herself of that thought because she didn’t want to end up like the greedy Herman. 
The person on the other end of the call picked it up almost instantly.
“Hello?” 
“H-Hey, it’s me… W-What are you doing?” 
Sitting on the couch, Megan felt a sense of serenity when she heard the man’s voice. 
On the other hand, Jake rubbed his eyes and answered with a hoarse voice after taking a glance at the clock, “I’m about to sleep. I didn’t get to tell you about the trip I had to make in the afternoon because I was in a hurry.” 
“Are you currently abroad?” 
“I’m at J Nation at the moment. Do you want me to get you some souvenirs?” 
Grasping her phone, Megan fell silent because he failed to inform her of his trip. 
She tried to keep her emotions to herself, but she lost them because of her tone. “What about a lucky charm? I’m in desperate need of one for my career.” 
As the shaft of light penetrated through the slit of the curtain, Jake brought himself upright and responded to the request with a frown.
###Chapter 3313
Chapter 3313 Can You Depend On Me For Once 
Smirking, he remarked sarcastically, “Are you sure a mere lucky charm can bring you the luck you need? Why don’t you beg me instead?” 
Megan snorted in return and started running her fingers through her hair on the couch. She replied with her eyes flickering, “I’m not supposed to do that if I’m serious about our relationship.” 
She had indirectly turned him down, implying she had no intention to depend on him. 
Jake was unsure if he was on the right track because he had a hard time comprehending the affection she had for him. 
He wondered if he should carry on with their relationship as she made it seem she would leave him anytime. 
She has turned down my offer and refrained from being involved in a beneficiary relationship with me. Is she even meant to be my better half? 
All things considered, the affection he had for her wavered. Nonetheless, he refused to think badly of her because of his already messed-up life. He thought it wouldn’t be necessary to figure out Megan’s intention even if it meant being deceived by her. 
Unfortunately, Megan did the exact opposite of what he sought and had never taken him for granted as she was not unwilling to take advantage of him. 
“Can you please depend on me every once in a while? I need to feel I’m the one you have in mind in times of emergencies.”
Although they were miles away from one another, Megan was overwhelmed by emotions because of Jake’s confession. 
She was taken aback because he had mentioned something unbefitting of his identity, but she would never cave in to his request because those were against her will. 
All along, she thought she didn’t deserve a proud man like him, and a proud man like him should never grovel himself at others’ mercy. 
The foundation of their relationship was a lie. The moment she heard his confession, she realized that he had been living a lonely life, incapable of moving on from the past. 
He was not much different from a child who was desperate for love. Megan happened to be the perfect candidate for the role. Thus, he would grovel at her mercy if those were required. 
“I-I want to know if you love me?” 
Jake, who was on the other end of the call, went dead silent when he heard Megan’s question. Grasping his phone in the pitch-black room, his abysmal pair of eyes flickered. 
He stuttered his reply in a hoarse voice, “W-What do you mean by love?” 
Over the years he had disconnected from his past, he had picked up all sorts of skills, but he seemed to have not learned to love. 
No one taught him the proper definition of love. Instead, most of his seniors said he was the right candidate for the role because he had relatively few concerns in life. 
Is love troublesome? Is it going to bind me in life?
Jake had a hard time comprehending the concept of love. Subsequently, he gave up when he started feeling lightheaded again. 
On the other hand, Megan was rendered speechless by his reply. She had no choice but to pick herself up. Seconds after she returned to her senses, she asserted, “It’s better for you to ignore my question because it’s not a big deal. You should call it a day and tuck yourself in.” 
In order to conceal her anxiety, Megan hung up the call immediately after she bade farewell to him. After she saw that the line was no longer active, she let out a long sigh of relief. 
It turned out Jake had yet to sort it out—he had merely carried on based on his intuition. To be precise, he wasn’t conscious of the rationale behind his actions. 
I guess I have been overthinking again, huh? I can’t believe I almost confess the affection I have for him when he isn’t even certain of our relationship. 
She had brought up the concept of a lucky charm to conceal her sense of inferiority. As she deemed herself unworthy of him, she was determined to climb her way up the hierarchical structure and get others to acknowledge her. 
She couldn’t afford to accept any form of help from him because she was serious about their relationship. 
Unfortunately, they seemed to have misperceived the other party’s intention. 
Megan knew it was no one’s fault because their different pasts were the reason behind the differences in their lifestyles and thinking. 
Josephine had been anticipating a reply from Megan. Thus, she asked, “Miss, do you need me to make you something to eat?”
###Chapter 3314
Chapter 3314 What About You 
Megan waved at her and replied with an apologetic expression, “I’m so sorry, but I’m not really in the mood to eat.” 
As someone who had been through a lot in life, Josephine was conscious of the things going on. She packed her things with her and said, “Alright, if that’s the case, I’ll get going. Ms. Rockford, you need to stop overthinking because everything will be over before you know it.” 
“Mmm… Thank you so much…” 
Josephine’s advice wasn’t effective at all because nothing could possibly alleviate Megan of the pain she felt. 
Megan took a breather once Josephine departed. Staring at the beautiful cityscape, Megan wondered if J Nation had a similar scene. 
She responded with a self-deprecating smirk and brought herself up, heading over to Donna’s place to spend a night there. 
Donna was thrilled when she figured out Megan was on her way to her place. She wasn’t particularly against the idea because she knew something must have happened between them again. They spent the night watching the latest episode of Let’s Run on the couch. That happened to be the episode Megan was eliminated. 
Megan couldn’t suppress the urge to laugh when the scene of Mia eliminating her during one of the challenges showed up on the screen. She sneered when she recalled the things Mia did. 
She had no interest to carry on with the show. Thus, she reached for her phone and logged into her Twitter. In order to stir things up amongst the netizens, she had long acquired Rocky’s aid.
“The latest episode of Let’s Run is disgusting! In the first episode, Megan made it till the end before she was eliminated, but she was the first to be eliminated by Mia in the second episode. I once thought Mia was a great player, but she couldn’t do much apart from picking on her teammates! I’m pretty sure she’s the woman Rocky has mentioned.” 
“I guess we’re not the only ones who can’t stand Mia anymore! Judging by Tod’s look, it’s safe to assume he has the same opinion because he had been ignoring her throughout the entire race! It seems like Rocky has been telling the truth!” 
“Well, she’s definitely the most pretentious woman of the year! To be honest, she’s not much different from her younger sister, but her younger sister is far more wicked than her!” 
… 
In spite of being scolded, Megan was pleased by the comments of the netizens because Mia’s image had been tarnished as planned. 
I guess the netizens have always been the most observant bunch, capable of linking the missing pieces of puzzles together, huh? 
Apart from Mia, Nathan had made it to the headline as well. Megan was surprised because his name wasn’t even mentioned in the post drafted by Rocky; yet, the netizens managed to get their hands on his identity. 
The moment she accessed the post, she found out someone had taken the photos of Nathan entering the hotel immediately after Anderson and Jonas went in. To her surprise, the netizens accessed the archive and found a few posts Nathan had uploaded back in the day. 
It was safe to assume he was serious about his relationship with Anderson because of the things mentioned in the posts.
However, in spite of being adventurous in bed, Anderson turned out a heterosexual man who would only get into a relationship with a woman. In short, their relationship was meant to turn out miserably. 
“Megan, why are you spacing out again?” 
Donna, who had her eyes glued to the television, caught a glimpse of Megan scrolling her phone. The moment she leaned over, Megan switched off her phone. 
“It’s nothing… What about you? How’s the progress for Love In Progress?” 
When Megan brought that up, Donna retrieved the contract that was nearby and showed her. “In spite of the challenges Jonas’ scandal has caused, I have everything sorted out.” 
After going through the contract, Megan smirked and started swirling her phone. “Since the scandal is no longer in force, we just have to introduce him to the audience once more. It won’t be a huge issue.” 
Donna wasn’t particularly worried about Jonas. Instead, Megan, who was thrilled, was the one she was worried about. “Megan, don’t you think it’s time for you to take your situation into consideration? Aren’t you afraid Mr. Wilson will lose his cool?”
###Chapter 3316
Chapter 3316 Considerations 
Megan furrowed her eyebrows and cast her shirt away. Grasping her phone, she asked, “What exactly are you up to?” 
“What do you mean? Are you against the idea?” 
Jonas dismissed her confrontation and directed another question at her without concealing his intention behind the question. 
After seconds of silence, Megan turned him down and said, “I don’t think that’s appropriate because I need to take Jake’s feelings into consideration.” 
Previously, when Jonas dropped by her place, she wasn’t even close with Jake. Thus, she didn’t have to think much. 
However, things were different since they could be considered being in a relationship. Although Jake couldn’t be sure if he was serious about their relationship, she couldn’t bear to hurt him by being overly close with Jonas. 
They were allowed to stay in touch because Jake had been trying his best to uphold his promise of having faith in her. 
It was something she had gone to great lengths to secure. Thus, she couldn’t bear to put it at risk over such a trivial matter. 
Since it was merely something regarding the show, it wouldn’t be wise to talk about it at others’ places. History had a huge tendency of repeating itself—she couldn’t be sure if he would behave like the male celebrity that had asked her over in the past.
Should she fail to exercise caution, they would both end up being hurt because of the public’s opinion. 
“I guess you can consider this your victory.” 
She found the man on the other end absurd because of his seemingly odd reply and response. 
Startled, she asked, “What do you mean? Are you having some sort of bet or something?” 
Sitting on the edge of the bed, she could hear Jonas chuckling, and he seemed to be in a conversation with another person on the other end. It was evident he was upset. 
“Hello? It’s me.” To her surprise, she heard Jake’s voice when she was in the middle of a conversation with Jonas. 
The confused woman grasped her phone and queried, “Why are you there? Are you next to Jonas?” 
“I’m currently next to him,” Jake deadpanned his reply as though it wasn’t a big deal at all. His reply threw her off as she couldn’t comprehend the rationale behind their action. 
“Are you guys betting after me and my decisions?” 
Irked by the possibility, she asked with her brows furrowed and her lips pouted. 
Jake was conscious they had gone overboard. Smirking, he took a peek at the spacing out Jonas and asserted, “When you dropped me a text informing me of your upcoming show, I asked Jonas to give you a call to see if you would choose him over me.” 
Oh, so this isn’t a test. To be precise, it is a showdown between Jake and Jonas. 
Perhaps Jake had gone overboard and crossed the boundary he shouldn’t, but he needed to do it to verify the one thing that had been bothering him.
As soon as Megan ruled out the rationale behind their action, her heart sank to the bottom of her stomach. She gasped out her reply, “Are you suspecting me?” 
What is he going to do if I agree to conduct the session at my place? Is he going to take things out on Jonas and me? 
Megan’s mind was all over the place because of the absurd test imposed by Jake and the rash decision Jonas had made to play along with the maniac. 
“That’s not the case because it’s nothing more than a showdown between Jonas and me. Since you have turned him down, it’s not much of a big deal for you to be involved in the show.” 
Judging by Jake’s tone, it was obvious the man was in a great mood. 
On the other hand, Megan was infuriated because of his mischievous tone. She sneered and tried her best to suppress her emotions. 
“Am I supposed to express my gratitude? Jake, I have informed you because I respect you! I haven’t turned Jonas down because of you! The things you have done are a waste of time and foolish!” 
She was reluctant to utter such harsh remarks against him, but she couldn’t hold back anymore when she recalled the times Jake doubted her affection for him. 
Does he think that I’m having an affair with Jonas?
###Chapter 3317
Chapter 3317 Rendezvous 
“Megan…” Jake’s expression changed when he heard the rage simmering in her voice. There was a tentativeness in his eyes and he appeared to be at a loss for words. 
He made no mention of this as he was not testing her, and was grossly disappointed that she had jumped to such conclusions about him so easily. Jonas was the only one he had his doubts about since the beginning. 
The man was crestfallen and defeated, his expectations seemingly confounded once again. 
Jake only did it for the thrill and not to prove Megan’s feelings for him, because there was nothing to prove to begin with. 
After all, he only knew about possession and did not understand what constituted love. 
However, Megan was not one to look too deeply into it. The banality of their game left her profoundly unsettled inside. 
She was positively seething. “Kindly show some respect for me cause next time round, I shan’t respect you either.” 
With that, Megan hung up right away. Her expression was severe. In response, Donna, who had been eavesdropping behind the door, could not help but pop her head out. 
She approached Megan cautiously and asked in a small voice, “What’s wrong?” 
Megan did not even bother to fold the clothes which she stuffed directly into her bag. As she was in no mood for conversation, there was not much else Donna could have said under the circumstances. She gave Megan a hand while she silently cussed at the heartless Jonas.
For all of Megan’s thoughtfulness toward him, he repaid her by colluding with Jake. 
Noting her emotional state, Donna thought against offering her more words of consolation. She could only serve up random banter to take her mind off things en-route to the rendezvous with the rest of the production crew at the airport’s VIP lounge. 
Unexpectedly, Jonas and Jake filed in just as they sat down with the director. 
The sight of the duo yielded an icy response from Megan. Her lips stiffened with nary a word. 
“Would it be okay if Mr. Wilson traveled with us, Mr. Odegaard?” 
Donna at the side glanced over and saw that Jonas seemed a little down and was obviously quite reticent as he mouthed that question. 
The director of Love In Progress got to his feet upon hearing him. He was relaxed and smiling as he regarded Jake, whose own eyes were, in turn, fixated upon Megan. “Why, certainly. You’d be most welcomed, Mr. Wilson.” 
Quite unlike the last few directors Megan encountered, Martin seemed more open to pandering than most. That, however, was not anything out of the ordinary, as getting on Jake’s good side was not a bad way to come into a potential source of funding. 
Jonas’ reaction, or lack thereof, suggested that the answer was already a foregone conclusion to him. He merely took one glance at Megan before he took a seat by the side. 
When Jake saw Jonas take up one side of the couch, he was eager to sit beside Megan as well. 
However, the moment he wanted to do so, Megan suddenly stood up, looking quite impassive. 
“Y’all should go on ahead, I’ll like to step out for a while.”
Everyone sensed Megan’s displeasure from that singular gesture. The shift in Jake’s expression was especially pronounced. 
Upon witnessing the situation, Martin held Megan back and pacified her, “Don’t leave just yet. We’ll need to capture some footage when we disembark later, so you should stay here and chat with Jonas. Get to know each other better so you build up some chemistry.” 
Megan pointed to Jake’s poker face and scoffed, “Expect trouble since all of you are in agreement that he gets to remain here. Don’t you know that he’s here to spy on me? There’s no possible way we’ll be able to carry on shooting with him sticking around.” 
Megan held nothing back and Jake did not hide his displeasure about her choice of tone either. 
He grabbed her by the wrist. “Are you still unhappy about what happened just now?” 
Jake’s earnestness and restraint toward Megan surprised Martin, who immediately caught on with what was really going on between the three of them.
###Chapter 3318
Chapter 3318 Sour Faces 
The alarms inside Martin’s head went into overdrive when it dawned upon him what a dreadful mistake it was for him to sign on this contract. 
Megan picked up on that and smirked. She then glared at Jake. “So what? It’s not like you care about it. First, you tested me, and now you put me under supervision? Why do you insist that there must be something going on between me and Jonas?” 
Her aggressive words stabbed at Jake’s heart like a knife. 
He was perplexed as to why he felt so terrible. What he had taken for granted as an expression of anger before now seemed more like a feeling of care. What he felt was a sense of emptiness and self- pity after being wantonly crushed. 
Jake pursed his lips. This was neither the time nor place where he wanted to discuss these things. He averted her gaze and relinquished his grip on her. 
“There’s nothing to explain. To think you’re this upset even though we’re just traveling together for work spoke to how much you must have hated me.” 
Jake’s cold gaze swept over Megan before he brushed past her shoulder. Then, he made a beeline for the door and slammed it on the way out. 
The entire lounge abruptly fell into silence. Martin could only look haplessly to the silent Jonas and the sullen Megan. 
This is really a disaster! 
A proper dating show now reduced to a contest of sour faces!
“Yeah… you should talk for a while. I’ll come back in when it’s time to board.” 
Martin did not know how to go about counseling them. The heaviness that hung in the air inside the lounge ultimately proved too suffocating for his liking, so he got Donna to walk out alongside him, emptying the room for the two who remained. 
Megan was restless amidst the stagnated atmosphere. She twice glanced over at Jonas in the distance whose eyes were veiled beneath the shadow of his loose fringes. 
“Is there anything you would like to ask me?” 
Jonas turned sharply to regard Megan. His eyes were quietly wistful, but vacuous otherwise. 
“It isn’t important. Let’s just prepare ourselves for the filming.” 
Megan had neither the vitriol she showed Jake nor the consolation she provided from before. Only a stark staidness was reserved for him. 
The more she behaved this way, the more it revealed how much this bothered her. 
“Alright. I’ll do that.” 
Since she had no desire to talk, there was no reason for him to persist further. Regardless of whether she was angry or sad, he could never affect her emotional state, to begin with. 
Megan lowered her gaze as she listened. Another glance at him left her in a disarray inside, so she simply went for the door and made her way out. 
Time whittled away and ten minutes had elapsed. It was finally time to embark, so Megan rejoined the main group which soon began boarding.
Megan and Jonas would have chosen to sit apart if not for the director’s insistence. He firmly stressed to them that Jake would be taking a different flight and would not be a distraction during their filming. 
Megan might have felt better off had Martin not mentioned this. The fact that he did only made her feel worse. 
Regardless, her frustration seemed to have settled down well before she absentmindedly relocated herself next to Jonas. 
Shortly after Jake’s exit, Megan went to look up the director because she did not understand what he meant by just traveling together for work. 
She fell silent after hearing his reply. 
It would seem that Jake had gotten in contact with the production crew immediately upon his return from J Nation, hoping to be able to catch the same flight out to Horington with them. He was genuinely transiting there for a business meeting, and not to supervise her. 
Martin made it clear that Jake was extremely down when the latter informed him that he was planning to take a different flight, and guessed that all Jake might have wanted was to seize the opportunity to see her.
###Chapter 3319
Chapter 3319 In The Garden 
Since they were going to part ways after they disembark anyway, there was no probable way he would be able to place her under any sort of surveillance. 
The director’s explanation made everything crystal clear, and contrarily, left Megan’s heart all topsy- turvy inside. She played with her fingernails and bit her lip. Jake’s true sentiments were increasingly unfathomable to her. 
“Hey, look up, Megan. Go on and interact with Jonas.” 
Martin hand-held the camera and hovered it in front of them. Megan lifted her gaze and eked out a smile. When she turned to Jonas, she found that his level of enthusiasm was, likewise, lukewarm at best. 
Megan was not optimistic about the prospects of the upcoming filming. With the two of them being in the mental state that they were in, she feared that things would only get worse. 
“Don’t be so cold, Jonas. Try to smile a little, at least.” 
The man behind the camera was a little unnerved. The few minutes of footage he had so far produced not even a single moment of tenderness. That was a serious cause for concern. 
“A little help here, Jonas.” 
Megan was mildly irked and somewhat flustered as this should not be her job. The way things went sideways made her a little mad. 
Jonas looked askance at Megan. His calm eyes glistened as he silently tilted his head and fobbed her off with a patronizing nod.
“Wow, Jonas. That was one heck of an awkward smile.” Martin was quite flabbergasted at the sight of the two stiffs in his viewfinder. He decided that he had enough and put away his camera, keeping his fingers crossed for some usable footage by the end of this ordeal. 
It was nighttime in Horington by the time they got off the plane. The production crew went around to shooting the couple at dinner. 
To foster the mood, the production crew had rented a villa ahead of time for them to use. Once they arrived, Megan was requested to prepare a meal on her own. 
“I have to make dinner for Jonas?” Megan’s eyes widened as she spoke. 
It was a tough task for her be it in the past or present, she could not cook to save her life. 
Her expression told the director all there was to know. He waved his hand. “It doesn’t need to be that great. Just follow your heart. No pressure.” 
Megan seemed to have come to some understanding after hearing Martin out. She pursed her lips and nodded nonchalantly. “Alright. I’ll do as you ask, but no promise.” 
She went into the kitchen and swiftly fashioned up a few dishes. Soon, Megan had them tabled before Jonas, who was spacing out in the garden. 
“It’s ready. Go ahead and help yourself.” 
Megan turned on the light in the terrace and all the lamps along the path in the garden simultaneously illuminated as well. With the warmth of the lightning accentuating the contours of the blossom petals, the entire place was transformed into a kaleidoscopic dreamscape. 
Jonas swirled the wine in his glass and casually glanced sideways. The burnt dishes on the table hardly looked appetizing.
“I’m not hungry. Let’s drink a little first.” 
He tactfully conveyed his reluctance to eat and passed the wine in his hand to Megan. The pale-yellow light scattered across his forehead was cast back by his pupils. 
“I’ve aerated this for you. Try it.” 
As Megan lowered her gaze toward the claret liquid inside the glass, the piquancy of the grapes licked at her nostrils. The chilliness of the vessel upon her fingertips was numbing to the touch. 
“Oh, okay.” 
Megan received the cold glass of wine and, gave it a light swivel too. All the fragments of her emotions were stirred gently into those waves of reflections inside as they rose and fell between her fingers. 
In her esteem, the wall which had seemingly been erected between Jonas and herself might not necessarily be a bad thing for her. 
As for the matter of vindication, she could only do what was within her and to the best of her ability. 
“A lot has happened today. I’m really sorry that I got carried away.” 
Jonas remained sedate as he watched Megan’s face bask aglow under the lighting. The frostiness in his eyes had quietly begun to thaw.
###Chapter 3320
Chapter 3320 To Dial Or Not To Dial 
He averted his gaze, not wishing for the mental defenses he had worked so hard to build up to simply fall to pieces in that instant. 
Megan was quite stumped at hearing Jonas’ apology. Pertaining to that call in the morning, she was more upset with Jake than she was with him. 
But right now, the only thing she had left was self-reproach. 
“It’s okay. There’s no need to dwell on it. I’m not that angry anymore.” 
Megan took a sip of wine as she lay back in the rattan recliner, and her eyes drifted aimlessly toward the deep blue sky. 
She wondered what Jake might be up to right now. 
Seeing how distracted she was, Jonas lowered his gaze. Light and shadow mingled upon his downcast face as he did. 
He got to his feet and sampled some of Megan’s cooking with a fork. They were downright awful and unpalatable, but Jonas swallowed them anyway. 
“Not bad.” 
Jonas was expressionless when he placed down the fork, but the corner of his lips lifted when he saw Megan’s look of surprise. 
“What? Is it that inconceivable that I was able to eat it?”
Megan took another sip of wine. She could not imagine how he had done that because even she would refuse to eat her own cooking. 
“Uh yeah, your courage is… commendable.” 
“That’s right. Some would call that true love.” 
Jonas’ brows perked up teasingly. It was not clear whether that was said in jest or sincerity. 
Megan could not decide which it was, but she paved it over with a broad smile and a sparkle in her eyes. 
Both of them, as well as everyone on the production crew, spent the night together in the villa. Megan lay in bed, wide awake. She brought up Jake’s number on her phone but immediately found herself in a dilemma. 
She was not able to get over what happened earlier and wanted very much to call and apologize. It seemed that she had been constantly maligning him in his face of late. 
To dial, or not to dial. That was the question. 
As Megan was deliberating, her phone lit up. Upon closer inspection, she found that a message had come through. 
“Are you asleep?” 
After she went through its content, she realized that the sender was Jake. 
Her chest tightened as she had not expected that he would initiate contact on his own volition. 
The brightness of the screen was especially piercing to the eyes amidst the darkness. Between blinks, Megan considered how she should respond.
Terribly conflicted inside, there was so much she wanted to say. But all she could muster in the end was “Not yet”. 
Less than a second later, a new message came in. 
Megan could hardly contain herself as she promptly read the text displayed. 
“Me too. Why don’t we sneak out. Let’s go for a ride.” 
A ride? 
Megan was jolted to her senses. She jumped out from bed jubilantly and the worried expression she wore before became a thing of the past. 
She got dressed quickly without consideration of the consequences and sat on the bed while she fired off her reply. 
“Okay. Come pick me up!” 
It was an exhilaration that she had never experienced prior to this, and never had she wanted to do anything this badly. She was utterly wound up by all the vexing matters and poor interpersonal relations piled upon her over so many days in a row. 
There was nothing more she would like right now than for a blast of cold wind to knock those unhappy thoughts to the back of her mind. 
“Alright. Sit tight. I’ll be right over.” 
Jake’s reply came back fairly quickly. Megan chucked the phone aside once she was done reading it and propped herself up with both hands, feeling more at ease.
Megan’s phone blared out shortly after. She picked up the call and heard Jake’s voice coming from the other end. 
“I’m downstairs. Hurry down now.” 
“Okay. Be right there.”
###Chapter 3321
Chapter 3321 Night Drive 
After she hung up, Megan opened the door quietly and stretched her head out to survey the corridor. She went on to walk out boldly when she found no one else in sight. 
The stillness inside the villa made her feel that her footsteps were a little too loud, hence she removed her shoes and crept downstairs. She did not put them back on until she reached the door. 
As cautious as she had been, Megan was unaware that someone else was already onto her. 
Away from the villa and beyond the doors was a stationary white Audi. When she approached and rapped upon the window, Jake showed his face. 
“Get in.” 
Megan nodded before she opened the car door and stepped in. The jazz notes playing inside cleansed through her fettered emotions like water. 
“Shall we start driving, or would you like to do something else? 
The inside of the car was unlit, and the darkness that shrouded them was, somewhat, a source of comfort for Megan. Yet, there seemed to be a peculiarity about the air around them. 
She was vigilant as she glanced sidelong at him. “Drive. I just want to enjoy the breeze.” 
Jake held on to the steering wheel and swept past her with the corner of his eye. His brows perked up when he sensed the despondence in her voice. “Why? Are you still thinking about what happened in the morning?”
Megan blinked when this was raised out of the blue, and tried to mask her feelings. Nevertheless, she knew no amount of burying was going to prevent this from resurfacing again, one way or another. 
So instead, she nodded in acknowledgment. Her inflection was clouded by self-doubt. 
“Since you came to find me, I suppose that you must have forgiven me. But don’t you think that I had been rash and foolish? I have always misunderstood you…” 
She did not much like the idea of herself turning into a presumptuous and thoroughly self-besotted person. 
Jake regarded her calmly as she shared about her woes. The pointer on the speedometer had shot up to the hundred-point mark. Against the backdrop of dusk, only the roaring of the car’s engine was audible in the deserted roundabout. 
Seeing the prolonged absence of a response from him, Megan assumed that it was a question which he did not wish to answer. She let out a subdued sigh. There was a part of her which was emotionally fraying. 
All of a sudden, the taciturn one broke his silence. 
He said, “It looks like the director had shared quite a bit. After thinking it over, I still don’t have an answer to your question. Looking you up like this was probably not something that I would have done in the past. But I do know that I couldn’t be at ease if I didn’t because you’re not with me.” 
Jake’s expression was somber. He opened up the sunroof and the windows to the sides to let the wind rush in. Megan’s troubled mind seemed to be left behind in the frost-crusted wilderness and replaced with an extraordinary state of tranquility. 
“Wow. This is great!”
The sensation brought about by the wind scouring past her face and the darkness and cold ramming into her body were unprecedentedly liberating for her. 
At this moment, there was nothing else she needed to obsess over. She only needed to completely let loose. 
“Scream if you want to. It’ll feel even better.” 
With nary a soul in the vicinity, Jake’s eyes were fixated on the way ahead like a prowling cheetah as the car ripped through the peacefulness of the night. 
Megan took heed. She got onto her feet and extended the upper half of her body out from the sunroof. 
The cold breeze lashed and tugged at her hair at will and tore into her face like a thousand knives, but none of that bothered her. As though throwing down the gauntlet to the shapeless king of the night, she opened her mouth and let the hoarseness of her scream rend the darkness. 
“Ahh…” 
She did not keep track of how long she kept at it, but she knew just about when she was unto her last breath before she slumped back down into her seat. 
All the turmoil she had undergone disappeared decisively and laid to rest. 
Seeing that Megan was almost done venting, Jake closed all the windows back up and eased off on the accelerator. 
“Once I’m done here in the morning, I’ll probably be headed over to A Nation.”
###Chapter 3322
Chapter 3322 Shoreline 
Megan was taken aback momentarily when she heard that. She drooped her head. The feeling that accompanied the wind now was that of loneliness. 
She gazed sidelong at Jake’s profile. “Are you in such a hurry?” 
The brevity of this one night could not make up for the countless days in which they were apart. But he had work commitments, and she had previously maligned him… 
Megan bit her lip, unwilling to indulge herself in any more willful utterances. 
“Yeah. It’s probably going to be like this for the rest of the month. Lots of stuff that needed to be attended to in the company recently.” 
Jake drove them to a stop by a beach. He turned to regard the low-spirited Megan while the sound of the waves reverberated in his ears. 
“You’re obviously busy; yet, you tried to make time to come and see me. The way I misconstrued your intentions must have been hurtful.” 
Megan opened the door and alighted alongside Jake. They walked in stride while the headlights behind cast off the darkness and shone the path ahead for them. 
Jake held onto Megan’s freezing hand and thrust it into his pocket. Beneath his curling long lashes resided a pair of placid and loving eyes. 
Megan had never seen him this way, as he was always domineering and obstinate, eager to flaunt the he wielded over her while being wholly unapologetic about it.
But as they walked along this dusky and secluded stretch of the shoreline, Jake showed that he had a more gentle and sensitive side to him. 
“I’d say that it was not anger that I felt, but hurt. I was helpless and frustrated as I’ve never felt this misunderstood before.” 
Until that point, Jake suddenly smiled. He looked to Megan beside him, and the warmth inside the palm of his hand felt as comforting as a hot towel laid upon her heart. 
Apart from his slightly deplorable personality, everything else about the man before her was perfection manifested. Now that the better angels of his nature had revealed themselves, there was no way Megan would be able to resist his charms. 
This, was an unwelcome development. 
She was reluctant to sink in completely and struggled to free the hand which Jake held fast to, and exhaled upon her lack of success at doing so. 
The woman was really unsure whether it would be advisable for her to really take the next step in deepening her feelings for him. 
“It might be better for you to behave as you did before because I’m kind of not used to this.” Megan tilted her head away coyly. There was a hot flush on her cheeks and a faint glow in her eyes as she dared not look directly at him. 
Seeing her nervousness put a slight smile on Jake’s face. When he paused and faced her body toward him, his amber eyes caught an impression of her face inside. 
He leaned his thin lips close to her ear and whispered frivolously, “Are you shy?” 
Though always po-faced and mysterious, Megan discovered that he too had an impish aspect.
She stuttered, “No, I’ve nothing to be shy about.” 
As hard as Megan tried to hide her shame by turning her gaze away to either side or by backing off, Jake had already intercepted her by the waist and drew her in. 
“Is that so?” 
His voice was composed and tender, like a flowing length of silk upon her heart. His unique scent saturated the air around her, and the roaring of the ocean crashed in tandem with the rhythm of her pulse. 
“I…” 
Megan was about to say something when the silence of the beach was interrupted by the screeching of brakes. When the two of them looked back, they saw an SUV stop just short of the white Audi. 
“Who’s there?” 
The duo exchanged confounded looks, but when they saw who was approaching, Megan’s puzzlement turned to surprise. 
“Jonas? What are you doing here?” 
He had been following behind from the moment Megan sneaked out of her room. His reason for doing so, though not immediately apparent, was simplistic in its motivation. 
The man was observing close by and could no longer bear to watch their affectionate ways. He meant to start his engine and drive off, but due to his unfortunate lack of concentration, he almost bumped into the car Jake had parked by the side of the road.
###Chapter 3323
Chapter 3323 Lonesome Road 
Knowing that he could no longer remain hidden, Jonas had no intention to avoid them either. He put on a straight face and gazed upon them while he hugged his arms. His hair was tossed about wildly by the sea breeze. 
“Just driving around. This is the only deserted road in Horington.” 
Jake was not sold on Jonas’ cover story. He wrapped his arm tighter around Megan’s hips and raised his eyebrows as the residual glow from the headlights flared upon their faces. 
“You’ve been following us, haven’t you? I’ve noticed a car on our tail but just chose not to point it out.” 
Jonas smiled at the duo. His eyes were as forlorn as the night itself. “You’re as cautious as ever. However, it’s not necessarily a bad thing as far as you’re concerned, since my giving up earlier would only be of benefit to you.” 
Mired in his voice was a certain detachment which emanated from within. Megan could hear, and see the despondence in his body language. However, she could not choose to be with another out of pity or gratitude. 
“It is. I feel that for you to give up would be more of a tug of war, but I would let the matter slide for tonight. Come on, Megan.” 
Jonas watched as the couple walked to the car in each other’s arms and abruptly let out a laugh. There was an element of flightiness to his tone. “Just remembered that Megan made dinner for me today, and it was pretty decent.” 
Those words left Megan stunned. Jake’s brows perked up, but he understood quickly that that was merely Jonas’ last attempt to provoke him.
He turned around with lips curled and calmly regarded with confidence and pride the gaunt man fighting to keep himself warm in the billowing wind. 
Amidst the quietude of the road, Jonas could only hear his counterpart’s steady voice. “It doesn’t matter, because she belongs to me from here on out. You can only taste her cooking just this once, while I would be able to do so for the rest of my life. Etch that into your memory so that you may savor that moment more when you grow old.” 
Jonas was nonplussed. The only flavor he could get from reminiscing about it would be a bitter taste in his mouth. 
Jake was clearly mocking him. 
On the lonesome road, Jonas leaned against his car as he watched the dust settle from the departing white Audi with mixed emotions. 
After being rejected umpteen times and witnessing their moment of tenderness for himself, why was it that he was not driven to give up? 
Did that stem from love, or a desire to possess? 
The biting cold of the wind left one shivering, while his true sentiments continued to lay dormant. 
Early in the morning on the second day, Megan discovered that she had caught the flu when she roused groggily from her slumber. 
She sat up helplessly and attributed the cause to exposure to the cold wind from the night before. 
After she freshened up, she saw that Jonas and the rest of the production crew were already up. They were standing over at the balcony, seemingly engrossed in a discussion.
Unable to restrain herself, she decided to join in. Coincidentally, the director turned around and the two of them found them staring into each other’s eyes. 
“Oh, you’re up, Megan. Good. We need to talk.” 
Martin picked up a notebook and tossed it to Megan. She saw that Jonas also had one exactly like that in hand. 
The trio then settled down together at the dining table. 
“Both of you don’t look the part of a couple for this reality show, so I’ve no choice but to execute my plan B. This is the script that we’ll be working with from now on. I’ll have everything you need to be prepared in advance.” 
The director sounded quite adamant and there did not seem to be grounds for negotiation. Megan was quite astounded at first and exhaled with script in hand. It would seem that that was the only way they would be able to move things forward. 
With everything that had happened in the past few days, she was not confident that she would be able to play a loving couple with Jonas without inhibitions. 
A few days later, Megan’s filming in Horington finally came to an end. 
After reviewing the initial cut, she was not able to feel the sparks flying between Jonas and herself. Expectantly, the program was widely panned online when it premiered.
###Chapter 3324
Chapter 3324 The Raggedy Man 
Megan and Donna were flummoxed by some of the feedback posted. It was quite unforeseen that her performance turned out so poorly in spite of the scripting. 
Donna could not help but exhale. “It really backfired on you this time, Megan.” 
Never mind reestablishing Jonas, she nearly got herself in an absolute stinker. One consolation though, was that the production crew came through and managed to craft a few touching scenes for the two of them. 
“Oh, it can’t be helped. Life is what happens to you while you’re busy making other plans. It was fortunate that Jonas managed to get back on track though.” Megan leaned back into the couch and smiled casually, taking it all in her stride. 
Donna closed the laptop and looked weakly at Megan, bamboozled by the latter’s inexplicable optimism. 
“Alright, enough from you. It’s getting late. Aren’t you going back to Jake’s?” 
That riposte led Megan’s slumped body to stiffen up on the couch. She smiled broadly and exhibited no inclination to get herself up. “He’s away for work and won’t be back today. Take me in, Donna.” 
Megan’s pitiful expression left Donna with no cause for refusal, or should it be said that she had never intended to turn her away. 
After all, they had always lived together. 
She regarded Megan smilingly. “Alright, fine. But I’ve to start cooking, so I would appreciate it if you could go out and help get me some salt.”
Megan immediately jumped up from the couch, rescinded her earlier flippancy, and pulled a straight face in its place. She then did a curtsy and replied in an even voice, “Yes, Ms. Donna. I’m on it!” 
Her impromptu showmanship drew a laugh from Donna who then patted her on the back and shooed her out of the door. “That’s enough. Get going.” 
Megan got herself in check. After she took some money with her, she dashed out of the door with the intention of swiftly swiping up a packet of salt from the convenience store downstairs. 
A few minutes later, Megan was almost there. But before she could make her way in, a shadowy figure shot out and pulled her into a side alley. 
“Megan!” 
She was taken aback when a man’s harried and panicky voice exploded in her ears. Its disheveled and unkempt owner was unrecognizable to her. 
“Who are you?” 
Megan blinked in bafflement as she attempted to pick out any familiar vibes which may help her identify who the raggedy man in front of her was, but found none. 
“It’s me. Herman! Help me, Megan. Help me!” 
Herman seemed beleaguered. Gone were the gold-rimmed spectacles that he used to wear, and his previously scholarly grace and stoic demeanor were displaced by wildness and hysteria. 
The man before her was a complete shell of his former self. 
“You’re Herman?” Megan remained unconvinced and thought even racking up a few hundred-thousand in debt at the casino would not reduce anyone to this state of wretchedness.
Upon hearing Megan’s question, Herman nodded piteously. His eyes darted about from time to time, as though he was hiding from something. 
The man was overwrought and fear-ridden. “Yes, yes. I’m Herman! Someone’s after me, Megan. Hurry up and hide me somewhere!” 
It might have worked better in his favor had he not said that as that made Megan less inclined to help. Is he telling me that there is someone who cannot be trifled with close by? Why would I want to get on anyone’s bad side on the account of my enemy? 
Megan’s expression rapidly grew indifferent at the thought of that. When she regarded the dehumanized Herman, memories of the past came surging forth. 
She sneered and squinted haughtily at the man before her, “You must be begging the wrong person. Isn’t Mia the one you liked and cared for? Shouldn’t you be calling on her now?” 
“I… I’m too ashamed to face her. Please, Megan. Hide me. Those people are coming!” 
Herman grew increasingly petrified and gripped onto Megan’s wrist so tightly as if his life literally depended on it. 
Megan, however, was able to free herself from his grasp easily and shoved him into the bottomless depths of the raging river.
###Chapter 3325
Chapter 3325 Another Good Turn 
“Dream on, Herman. Consider me merciful that I didn’t cut you to pieces myself on the spot. Not in your life I’d ever help you.” 
Her gaze was like an arrow of an icicle, aimed right for his back. 
Herman was stunned. What is it that makes Megan hate me so much? Why then did she help me back at the casino, in spite of her contempt for me? 
Could it be that it was part of a ploy to lure me in? 
He was struck by a sudden epiphany while he stood rooted the spot and soaked to the skin. Shock and terror were apparent in his expression. 
“So you…” 
Herman looked like he might have caught on, to which Megan raised her eyebrows in response. Even if he had figured it out, she had no intention of owning up to it. 
She had not forgotten that in her past life about the Mr. Wilson that Herman mentioned in her last memory. 
This was the question that Megan had been desperately avoiding. 
Now that it came down to this, all that was holding things together for her was her own willful desire to trust in Jake. She hoped that it was not him, and even if it was, she only wished to find out later so that she could delay making a decision.
In spite of that, a lot of things may change with how Herman had shown up the way he did. After all, his gambling debt from her previous life did not arrive this early, and she had already paid for it in his stead. 
Since everything had been brought forward, could that Mr. Wilson had already appeared? Could he really be Jake Wilson? 
Megan’s anxiety was mounting. She was certainly not going to validate Herman’s estimations, for doing so would surely pit the two of them against each other. 
Although she did not want to appear too chummy with him, at the same time, she did not want things to get too uncomfortable. It was only by getting close to him could she ascertain the real identity of Mr. Wilson in the quickest time possible. 
Thus, Megan categorically denied it, “What are you thinking? I helped you out then at the casino out of the goodness of my heart, and I stood to gain from it as well. Don’t tell me that you think I set you up on purpose? Things turned out the way they did because you didn’t know when to quit while you were ahead.” 
As pertinent as she sounded, Herman still found it hard to accept, as no gambler would ever attribute his failings to his own greed? They would only blame it on everyone and everything else but themselves. 
“I don’t want to discuss this right now. Hurry up and find me a hiding spot right now!” 
Herman seemed more forceful and the frustration was increasingly apparent in his eyes. Megan snorted as she regarded his miserable and agitated state, “The most I’d do is offer you a hundred bucks to cover your fare to get to Mia. I won’t be able to accommodate you here, as I’m currently staying at Jake’s apartment.”
The mere mention of Jake’s name struck fear into Herman’s eyes. 
He was actually being escorted back by those people to seek payment from the agency, which was surely going to piss off quite a number of people. If he were to offend Jake Wilson as well because of Megan, it would become an absolute sh*tstorm. 
After weighing up his options, Herman quietly straightened out his thoughts. No matter how much he did not wish to face Mia, he had to do it now because she was in it with him. 
“Alright. Give me a thousand, and I’ll go seek her out immediately.” 
Megan did not have much to say in response to Herman’s inflated demands. So long as she was able to have Herman go pester the currently out-of-luck Mia, the asking price would be worth it. 
“Done. I hope things go well for you.” 
Megan curled her lips and produced a thousand from her purse, which he promptly snatched away before she even extended it out. 
She sneered a couple of times. The contempt in her eyes was subtle, but it nonetheless pricked at Herman’s pride like a needle. He evaded her gaze and kept his thoughts to himself. 
Whether the man liked Megan’s attitude or not, he did not have the capital to find fault with her. 
The two of them hurried away from the alley. Herman stood by the side of the road, hoping to catch a ride out. Megan knew that most drivers would not stop for one as lamentably attired as him, so she sucked it up and did him another good turn by flagging a cab down for him. She then calmly sent off the scraggly Herman.
###Chapter 3326
Chapter 3326 That Nagging Question 
Watching him leave in the cab gave Megan the same pleasure as soaking up the breeze in spring. It occurred to her that Herman did not enjoy his time in Lostaria. 
She reckoned that his missing clothing and glasses must have been pawned off. Upon his return to the country, he had been watched closely. Who knew whether the other party was here to negotiate, or to teach Herman a lesson. 
These were not priorities for her bandwidth, because she had already thrown this hot mess entirely into Mia’s hands. She would be keen to see what sort of drama those two would be able to put together. 
Before dawn broke the next morning, Megan was jolted to wakefulness by a nightmare she had. Ever since she ran into Herman, she had been in relative unease, as though something had been lodged inside of her. 
She brought a hand to her forehead and wiped at the cold sweat on it. The recollection of a murderous- looking Jake making an appearance in her slumber demanding her death made her rigid body tremble involuntarily. 
There was no staving off that nagging question in her head. This time, she had to put him to the test when he returned. 
To this end, Megan called Jake up and found out that he would be back in the afternoon. 
She had not anticipated that he would arrive so soon. Megan hung up and began to hesitate as procrastinating further was nonconstructive. Megan exhaled and eventually decided that she should act accordingly when afternoon came.
Time went by and afternoon arrived quickly. In order to buy time for her own purposes, Megan also had Josephine prepare a meal so that they may chat over it. 
Megan had her elbows propped up at the edge while she sat at the dining table. She appeared contemplative. The display on her phone to the side kept track of every minute that ticked away. 
As unsettled as she was, she shunned the impulse to entertain those random projections about all the possible outcomes. 
Click. 
Just then, the shut door sprung open. Megan looked back in time to see Jake walk in with luggage in hand. 
She got to her feet immediately and promptly made her way to the door. 
“You’re back.” A simple greeting, but it was obvious to Jake that Megan had a lot on her mind. The fragrance of the food had already reached his nostrils. 
He coolly passed the bag in his hand along to Megan and slid his arm around her waist in the same fluid motion to bring her closer. 
“You’ve been cooking. Aren’t you busy today?” 
Megan walked him over to be seated at the dining table. Her mouth agape, too embarrassed to admit that the meal was prepared by the part-time helper. 
She placed the bag on a dining chair to the side. The warmth from Jake’s palm which still lingered on her hips only compounded her anxiety.
“Yeah. I had a little time on my hands as I’m off today.” Megan was disengaged and looked uptight. The spread on the table had Jake guessing as much what Megan was not saying. 
He took a sip of water and leaned back with arms akimbo before he took a long hard look at her. “Feel free to speak. We should find the food more enjoyable after that.” 
Jake’s candor only made Megan more nervous. On careful consideration, she thought that there was no need to be so tentative, as whatever she had to say was not some tear-inducing accusation. 
Megan took a deep drawl. She threw all caution to the wind as she lifted her eyes to meet Jake’s. “Actually, I wanted to ask if you are acquainted with Herman Clear.” 
In her past life, it was Mr. Wilson who ordered her death at the hands of Herman and Mia. If Jake and Herman were acquainted, there was a minimum of ninety-percent chance that he could be that same Mr. Wilson. 
Should that be the case, she wondered how she should react. 
Megan’s fingers unconsciously tightened around themselves. She held her breath as she regarded the silent man. The light overhead cast a shadow under his overhanging fringe. From his expression, he had no misgivings. 
Her question prompted him to raise his amber eyes to her, and purse his thin and unbending lips.
###Chapter 3327
Chapter 3327 White Lie 
At that moment, he was trying hard to trace down his memory. However, the only time he could recall was when Sky Entertainment was discussing a deal with Mia; he discovered Herman standing outside for the entire time. 
Why would Megan be curious about this kind of C-list celebrity? 
“I’ve heard of him, and I know he’s some C-list celebrity. Honestly, I’m not interested in someone at the bottom of the industry.” 
There was no emotion on Jake’s face. As Megan observed his composed eyes closely, her clenched fist began to loosen. 
For that instant, his answer acted like a stimulant for her, as all of her worries instantly faded away. 
Even though it was too soon to assume what would happen in the future, but at present, that was all she needed to know. 
All of the changes in her emotion were caught by Jake in one glance. 
“Why are you asking me this question all of a sudden?” 
Jake was obviously not the type that kept his doubts in mind. As he spotted Megan seemed to have something weighing over her mind, he could not hold back his curiosity. 
Clearly, Megan had expected to be questioned, as her expression seemed extremely calm. She did not rush to answer, as she took a plate and walked over to get some food for both of them.
Under the silent atmosphere, Megan’s back figure seemed extraordinarily fragile. Jake could not take his eyes off her while patiently anticipating her response. 
“You wouldn’t believe this, but Herman came to find me and wanted to borrow some money from me. I wasn’t sure what happened to him, but he was wearing some tattered old clothes.” 
Megan returned to the table with a plate full of food, while her eyes seemed utterly troubled as she was pondering what to say next. 
“Initially, I didn’t want to lend him the money, but he said that he was close with you and Mia. I failed to recognize his true motive at the moment, so I ended up giving him one thousand and sent him for Mia.” 
While she was exaggerating her encounter with Herman, there was not a single trace of nervousness on her face. 
Jake furrowed his brows as he sensed something was amiss; yet, he failed to detect why. 
He started eating while trying to clear his thoughts. “Is it? Just ignore them the next time you come across someone like this. Remember that I don’t befriend beggars. As for Mia, since when do you treat her as your own sister? If not, then there would no need to for you care for her friends, would there?” 
Jake had read through the relationship between Megan and Mia perfectly. Their conflicts went all the way back. Thus, it was hardly possible for them to call a truce overnight. 
Megan was impressed by Herman’s judgment as she let out a smile. “You’ve read me like an open book, but don’t worry. I don’t think Herman would ever come to find me again. I have sent him over to Mia, so there will no longer be any reason for him to approach me.” 
Under the dim light, Jake thought he caught a flash of cold expression in her eyes. But just when he narrowed his eyes to observe her, her eyes turned calm and joyous once again.
Is she telling the truth? Even though Jake could not think of any apparent reason, he had a feeling that Megan was hiding a huge secret. As he continued to eat from his plate, his mind was at a loss. 
After a short while, both of them finished their dinner without much conservation. 
They chatted a little more on the couch before exhaustion and jetlag caught on Jake. After that, he went into the washroom for a quick shower before heading to bed. 
Megan was initially reluctant to sleep with him as the night was still early, but she eventually failed to escape his domineering tactics. 
The next morning, Megan woke up with a sore all over her body. When she was freshening up, a call came in from Donna. She responded curtly and hung up the phone. 
“Why’re you in such a hurry?” 
Without Megan noticing, Jake appeared from behind and naturally wrapped his arms around her waist.
###Chapter 3328
Chapter 3328 Lunch With The Sponsor 
Megan stared at their intimate gesture inside the mirror, and instantly her face blushed with shyness. 
“Um…it’s nothing…” 
She choked on her words while her hand paused from brushing her teeth. She abruptly rinsed her mouth and purposely reached for the towel to free herself from Jake’s hug. 
Jake was not at all offended by her evasive behavior. On the contrary, he displayed a genuine smile as he had never felt this satisfied for years. 
Leaning against the door, he asked gently, “Do you want me to accompany you there?” 
Megan was stunned momentarily and then shook her head. “It’s fine. It’s a diner with the sponsor of Let’s Run, so all the production crew will be attending. I’m afraid it would be awkward if you tag along.” 
Jake could not seem to comprehend what she meant. But the moment he lifted his head, he spotted the unyielding rejection in her eyes. 
He nearly forgot that Megan really hated it when anyone interfered with her career. 
Thus, Jake did not further insist on his offer. Even though he was slightly displeased, he chose to respect her decision. 
It was almost noon when Jake sent Megan to the hotel’s lobby; then, he headed back to the company. 
Gazing at the disappearing black Mercedes-Benz, Megan heaved a gasp as the reality at the moment seemed like a fantasy to her. 
Who’d have thought that one day I would be so close with Jake? Is this a dream?
Her lips curled into a smile as she stepped joyously into the elevator. 
The weather had begun to turn warm; hence, most of those who attended the lunch were dressed in flimsy spring wear. With that, Megan was wearing a floral suspender skirt with a tiny jacket, which made her look like a teenager from afar. 
Before long, Megan reached the front of the private room mentioned by Donna. As she pushed the door open slowly, she was slightest startled by the big crowd in the room. Most of the crews were already there. 
Silas was engaged in some conversation, but the second he noticed Megan stepping into the room, he quickly stood up and called her. 
“Megan, over here! There’s a seat here!” 
Silas’ loud voice overcame all the chatting noises in the room and reached Megan. Megan traced the origin of that voice and spotted Silas at the other end of the room. 
“You look excited. Could it be that the sponsor has agreed to offer a good price?” 
Megan’s adorable smile left Silas stunned momentarily. 
He immediately collected himself and said, “I’m not sure about that, hence I won’t make any assumption yet. But I called you over to thank you on behalf of Jonas. That was a great help.” 
Megan’s face stiffened the second she heard Jonas’ name. She swiftly disguised her uneasiness with a professional smile. “There’s no need to thank me. Speaking of which, has he found the next agency?” 
Her question caught Silas off guard as he sat back against his chair with arms around his chest. “About this… I don’t think so. He did mention that Sky Entertainment approached him, but he rejected them.”
Both of them knew exactly the reason he rejected them. Megan let out a silent sigh as she had no more interest to stick her nose into this kind of matter. 
Just when she wanted to speak, she noticed the entrance door opened once again. By that time, everyone’s attention had shifted towards the entrance. 
“Hello, everyone. I’m not late, am I?” 
A dark expression loomed over Megan’s face the second she spotted Anderson at the entrance. If I knew he’d be here, I would definitely bring Jake along. 
Nevertheless, there was no way she could have possibly predicted this, as Anderson did not release this information to anyone. No one knew he was actually the sponsor behind this. 
“You’re not late at all, Mr. Whittemore. Come, have a seat please.” 
In no time, Jerry, the director of Let’s Run, approached to welcome Anderson with warmth while the entire crew was also smiling along courteously.
###Chapter 3329
Chapter 3329 Provocation 
“Thank you. Mia, what are you doing out there? Come on. Don’t make Mr. Thompson wait.” Just then, Anderson summoned with a boastful expression. Seconds later, an alluring and gorgeous face appeared from behind the door. 
“Hello… everyone.” Mia was wearing an elegant miniskirt, but her smile was extremely unnatural. 
At that instant, all the crowds started sizing Mia up skeptically, while she lowered her face most of the time, obviously unwilling to face them. 
In fact, she looked like a sheep intimidated by a pack of wolves, while her domineering charisma was nowhere to be seen. Since the moment she entered, her fair smooth hand was held by Anderson overbearingly. 
Megan was observing confusedly from far. But when her sight caught on Mia’s slightly struggling hand entangled by Anderson, the former instantly came to a realization. 
It’s obvious that she doesn’t want to be here. In other words, someone is forcing her to do so. 
Anderson completely ignored Mia’s reluctance and kept bringing her around to greet everyone. From that moment on, along with Mia, Megan was also gradually becoming the spotlight of the diner. 
Every crew who participated in filming the first season of Let’s Run would definitely be aware of the conflict between Megan and Mia. While Anderson brought Mia in such a high profile, he was evidently trying to provoke Megan. 
After all, this was an industry full of gossips. Almost everyone had heard about the incident at the party of Transcendent.
Just as expected, as soon as Anderson sat down, his cunning eyes shifted towards Megan. 
Megan’s heart skipped a beat as she could feel daggers shot in her direction. Nevertheless, she was well-prepared for any unforeseen circumstances while taking a sip of water without showing any emotion. 
“Mia, I didn’t expect to see your sister here too. It’s such a wonderful day. Why don’t you sit over there and have a nice chat with her?” 
Anderson uttered sarcastically, ignoring the awkward atmosphere between the two ladies. While his eyes kept scanning back and forth between the pair, his hand was lustfully caressing Mia’s fair leg. 
As Megan noticed his impolite gesture and Mia’s blushing red face, she was fully aware of what was going on. 
Even though this was not Mia’s first time to gain fame by selling out her body, she was still a woman of pride. 
Regardless of what benefit she was trying to get from Anderson, it was unlikely she was willing to endure such humiliation in front of the public. 
Unpleased with Anderson’s arrogance, Megan let out a laugh and said purposely, “I do have a lot of stuff to talk about with Mia, but they are all private affairs. I’m afraid it’s inappropriate in such a formal occasion, especially when you and Mr. Thompson are the hosts.” 
Upon hearing that, Anderson’s face turned grim in an instant. He wanted to make Megan look bad, but instead, her response made him look like someone who did not know the rules. 
Moreover, he could not comprehend how Megan could be so composed in front of Mia.
While the both of them were glaring daggers at each other, Jerry promptly cut into the conversation. He professionally proposed a toast towards Anderson, who was clearly displeased, and used his hearty laugh to soothe the tension at the scene. 
“Mr. Whittemore, here’s to you! Season Two will have to depend on you! Come!” 
Although Jerry might be a stubborn person at times, he possessed a great sense of propriety. While he had the least respect for Anderson, he knew how to honor him through his words. 
Most importantly, investing in Let’s Run Season Two was a win-win deal. In fact, it would be nearly impossible for Anderson to find another partner as brilliant as the current production crew. As arrogant as he wanted to be, he knew there was a bottom line. 
With that in thought, regardless of how displeased he felt, he had no choice but to toast back to Jerry. 
He raised his glass of wine and cast a glance at Jerry. However, he failed to suppress the rage within his heart while he responded with yet another sarcasm. “Undeniably, you’re really good at timings and grabbing the opportunity, aren’t you?”
###Chapter 3330
Chapter 3330 Replacement 
His ironic statement made everyone’s heart fall with a thud. The entire crew knew their director was not someone one should cross. His courteous attitude towards Anderson was, in fact, considered as a solar eclipse among the crews. 
Just as expected, upon hearing Anderson’s response, Jerry put his glass heavily on the table, his eyes flashed with anger. 
Although Anderson was not intimidated by him, he was stunned momentarily. 
This is the second person who dares to stand up against me, besides Megan. Are all the crew members in this team such arrogant people? 
Nevertheless, Jerry was another level compared to Megan. If Anderson was considered a successful businessman, then Jerry was the reputable director in the industry, someone who could transform art into cash efficiently. 
In another word, no one in the industry would dare to offend Jerry. 
Anderson drank some wine to clear his thought while his hand wrapped around Mia’s waist. After a short moment, he patted Jerry’s shoulder and apologized, “Jerry, I’ve gone too far just now. Here’s to you! Let’s begin our discussion right after this toast!” 
Upon hearing a firm promise from Anderson, Jerry’s expression finally started to relax, even though his glare was still frigid. 
Megan, who saw all this, was secretly elated that Jerry had indirectly become her shield. Even though she held deep grudges against Anderson, she would be a fool to put them on the table.
“Mr. Thompson, to be honest with you, I have made a decision regarding this contract,” Anderson said as he wrapped his arm around Jerry’s shoulder. 
Jerry responded to him with silence. Thus, Anderson let out a laugh and continued expressing his thoughts. 
“It’s like this. Sky Entertainment is interested in partnering with you, but we want to amend one of the terms. Mia will replace Megan in the filming as the exclusive permanent guest.” 
That statement left the whole room in awe. Right then, everyone had locked their eyes upon Megan and Mia. 
No one dared to break the long silence, as they all knew what his words were implying. 
At that moment, Megan felt like her throat jumped to her heart, and she was about to quarrel with Anderson the next minute. 
She took a deep breath and projected a prideful face. “What’s this? You can’t wait to give her special treatment, can you?” 
Megan cut Anderson with the coldest glare, but the latter was sitting relaxedly without any emotional turbulence. 
The next minute, he started caressing Mia’s stiffened body and kissed her bare shoulder, with his eyes overwhelming with lust and disdain. 
“Mia is my woman. What’s wrong with me giving her some special treatment? It’s better than having to see your annoying face on the screen, isn’t it?”
While Anderson was boasting confidently, Megan spotted Mia’s bitter expression as the latter’s arms wrapped over her own chest, feeling insecure. 
Megan locked her eyes on Mia’s pale face and asked calmly, “Mia, do you feel the same too? Are you sure such a young woman like you wants to be with an old man?” 
At that instant, Anderson furrowed his brows in dismay. But compared to Megan’s offensive word, he was more concerned about Mia’s response. 
Indeed, that would be impossible for a beauty like Mia to entertain him on such an occasion if it was not for her mistake that caused her to be punished by her agent. 
Therefore, Anderson agreed without hesitation when Osmond laid out Mia’s price was only a hundred thousand a night, plus the quota to be a permanent guest in Let’s Run.
###Chapter 3331
Chapter 3331 Mental Game 
Not to mention, a gorgeous fresh lady like Mia was undoubtedly a priceless treasure in this industry. Anderson would have agreed on a much higher price. 
At that moment, Mia was staring at all the exquisite dishes on the table, but her appetite had completely disappeared. Frustration started boiling within her due to Megan’s irritating voice and Anderson’s disgusting act. 
Seconds later, she finally broke her silence and turned offensive. “Who do you think you are to stick your nose into my business? Megan, you are merely a girl from the countryside!” 
It was obvious that she had lost her cool, but that was expected. No one would endure such humiliation, which could even be considered sexual harassment, in such a public place. 
This day was without doubt the darkest day in her life. 
Deep down in her heart, she blamed Herman for all these. If it were not for Herman, who appeared unexpectedly and told Osmond what they had done in Lostaria, things would not have escalated to such an extent. 
Even at that very second, she could still remember clearly Osmond’s furious face while reproaching her in wrath. 
He even called her trash. 
That’s right. I’m trash. I couldn’t believe I let myself play into the hands of that foolish Herman. I even let him threaten me for money. If it weren’t for Osmond, who came out with this solution, I would be long dead because of Herman’s exposure.
“Sure, it’s not my place to mind your business. I’m merely expressing my courteous care. But it looks like you are happy in this relationship, aren’t you?” Megan responded with a cold glance. 
Trying hard to suppress her gross feeling, Mia alluringly grabbed Anderson’s arms while her body leaned affectionately towards him. 
“Of course I’m happy. If you could cling onto Jake, why can’t I be with Mr. Whittemore? Both of them are men with status. Or are you jealous of me?” 
Only a few had heard of Megan’s relationship with Jake, as she never mentioned it to anyone in the production crew. 
Many women tried to get close to Jake, but all ended in failure. Yet, an ordinary woman like her was able to conquer Jake’s heart. 
“Is that true? Megan, you never mention it!” 
“Megan, is Jake really that handsome as rumored?” 
Mia’s revelation had created an uproar within the room while waves of questions flooded over Megan. Megan’s chest heaved up and down as she tried to suppress her rage. That was the secret that she did not want the world to know. 
She stared at Mia while her eyes flashed in a stiff warning. 
“It’s not important whether I had a relationship with Jake or not. Even if we do, it will be a healthy relationship, unlike yours.” 
Megan no longer chose her words carefully. Since Mia was the one who crossed the line first, the former decided to return the favor equally.
Upon hearing Megan’s accusation, Anderson and Mia’s faces turned red from embarrassment. 
But now that Anderson had learned about Megan’s relationship with Jake, he hesitated to act on her, even though she had just humiliated him upfront. 
“Megan, you’re being ridiculous!” 
Mia, on the contrary, had lost her cool. She smacked her hand on the table and pointed her finger furiously at Megan. 
However, Megan smiled mockingly and said indifferently, “I got my role through the audition personally conducted by Mr. Thompson. But you’re trying to get the sponsor to secure the role for you. Who’s the one being ridiculous now?” 
Megan’s statement left the entire room speechless. She did not plan to be so mean to her own sister, but the latter left her with no choice.
###Chapter 3332
Chapter 3332 The Biggest Patron 
Mia was beyond exasperated by Megan’s words because that truth made her look really bad. She began yelling uncontrollably, “Liar! That role was supposed to be mine! You were the one who made Jake take it from me! If it weren’t for that, I wouldn’t need to be here tonight!” 
Megan composedly stared at Mia, who had lost of her rationality, and did not respond. She knew she had won the mental game. 
Anderson was speechless after witnessing Mia’s pathetic state. 
Some of the crew walked towards Mia and tried to mediate the situation. Just then, the door behind them opened abruptly. Everyone froze on the spot as they recognized the figure who stood at the entrance. 
““M-Mr. Wilson…” 
The moment Anderson realized Jake came to the diner, he immediately stood up and humbly walked towards him. 
Jake was the only person on this earth that Anderson would never dare to cross if he wanted to survive in this industry. 
“Mr. Wilson… what brought you here?” 
Jake completely ignored Anderson while his eyes were locked upon Megan, and hers on him. Right at the instant, Megan’s glare turned extraordinarily calm and peaceful. 
“Megan, let’s go.”
Jake walked past the crowd and stood in front of Megan. He bowed to take her hand and asked her to leave, as he did not want her to witness the following brutal episode. 
“I know what’s in your mind. Just do it. There’s no need to bother about me.” 
Looking at her firm expression, Jake nodded slightly. The next second, he turned and scanned through the whole room. His eyes stopped on Anderson and Mia, and instantly his gentle expression turned frosty. 
He walked in their direction slowly. At that moment, the whole room turned utterly quiet, making the sounds of his leather shoes stepping on the floor sounded extraordinarily piercing. 
He stopped in front of Anderson, the expression on this face was unfathomable. It was obvious that this was the calm before a storm. 
Everyone in the room was holding their breath as they heard him say, “I didn’t mind your previous doings, and you’re starting to think of me as an idiot, aren’t you? You canceled the deal with Jonas and resulted in the company losing a few million. And now you want to add someone as the permanent guest. Mr. Whittemore, do you still want your shares?” 
Jake’s tone sounded extremely casual. If one did not know of his identity, one would think he was chatting to a friend. 
However, all that present at the diner knew perfectly that Jake was about to push Anderson over the cliff. 
“No, it’s not like that… Mr. Wilson!” 
At that very moment, Anderson could no longer uphold his pride and arrogance, as he kept denying and apologizing pitifully.
Jake did not respond to Anderson’s humble gesture, as he scanned at the table full of wines. The next second, he started placing those bottles one by one in front of Anderson. 
Before Anderson realized what Jake was doing, a bottle of wine was placed before the former’s face. 
He lifted his head in puzzlement, only to discover Jake was staring at him rigidly. 
“Do you see all these bottles of wine here? Finish them all, and I’ll forget about what happens today. If you can’t finish them, then hand over your shares and get lost.” 
Anderson felt a blow to his heart as Jake left him with no other option. The color drained from his face as he stared at those bottles. Apparently, he could be killed from alcohol intoxication if he were to drink that amount. 
“Mr. Wilson… I…” 
“Go on. I’ll wait here for you. And everyone else, you can leave if you’re done eating. I’ll sign the contract with you later.”
###Chapter 3333
Chapter 3333 Childhood Friends 
Although Jake was acting nonchalant, one could see from his eyes that he wanted to protect Megan. When the crew passed by her, they quietly congratulated her for finding a good partner. 
Feeling helpless about the situation, she kept on whispering explanations about their relationship, emphasizing that they were merely childhood friends. 
Regardless of what they thought, Megan could not agree with it so casually in public. After all, she did not want Jake’s brilliance to cover up certain things. 
Silas was sitting by the side when he heard her words. Not believing it, he raised his eyebrows and said in a surprised tone, “Are you guys really just childhood friends? No matter how I see it, it doesn’t seem that simple.” 
He had spoken rather loudly, and by the time he realized it, everyone’s eyes were already on him. 
Jake, who was standing nearby, had also heard it. However, since he was long used to Megan giving such explanations, there was no change in his expression. Compared to his indifference, Mia instead was glaring at Megan incredulously. 
“Childhood friends? Why haven’t I heard of it? So this is how you’ve seduced Jake, huh? Urgh, this is preposterous! He should’ve been mine!” 
Distressed, she gritted her teeth and glared at Megan. Her beautiful face turned ugly as it contorted in anger. 
On the other hand, Megan was feeling very happy as she watched the scene indifferently. She chuckled, her cold eyes falling on Mia’s face. “You grew up in a farming village but acted as if you were a princess. Back then, you’d never have gone over to the next-door village that was even poorer than
yours. So naturally, you wouldn’t have known anyone. After all, you only care about yourself and power.” 
Her mocking words caused Mia to pale as her breath hitched, seemingly suffocating her. 
She was about to walk over in her stiletto heels to teach Megan a lesson when she was roughly grabbed by Anderson and dragged over to stand in front of Jake. 
“Mr. Wilson, Mia’s shooting her mouth off. I’ll hand her over to you. Feel free to do whatever you want to her.” 
Anderson had long since noticed that Jake’s eyes had suddenly turned cold as he glared at Mia. She was a person with no self-awareness and who spoke carelessly. Therefore, even though he had bought her for a huge price, he needed to draw the line between them right then. 
Otherwise, he would lose his life instead. 
Mia, who was still struggling, was shocked the moment she heard Anderson say that he was going to give her to Jake. 
Could this be my opportunity to get Jake for myself and finally become his? 
Various expectations began to form in her mind. However, Jake’s disgusted expression and words would soon devastate all her expectations. 
“No, it’s too dirty. You’ve already used this rag. Now that you find it disgusting, you’re trying to throw it to me?” 
Mia froze in place, her eyes widened in disbelief. As she stared at his handsome yet cold face, a chill ran down her spine.
Never would she expected that that was how Jake viewed her. She was neither a person nor a woman and was not beautiful. She was just a dirty rag. 
Seeing the woman’s dazed appearance, Megan felt neither happy nor sad. As she walked over while looking at Mia’s dull appearance, she found the whole situation rather funny instead. 
She’d thought that all men in the world would surrender to her charms. Hearing Jake’s indifferent thoughts about her was undoubtedly a stab at her proud heart. 
“It’s getting late. You should finish your drinks and leave, Mr. Whittemore.” 
Looking at the scene, Megan chuckled aloud as her scornful gaze swept across Anderson and Mia. It’s nigh time Mia suffer some pain and humiliation. 
Hearing Megan’s ridicule, Anderson trembled a little in rage. He looked at the dozen or so bottles of wine left on the table, feeling undoubtedly frustrated.
###Chapter 3334
Chapter 3334 Give Me Some Time 
There’s no other choice. I’ll have to tough through the humiliation. I can’t drink so much right now. 
With that, Anderson made up his mind and determinedly knelt in front of Megan and Jake. The sight of it left the other onlookers in an uproar. 
“Mr. Wilson, Ms. Rockford, I was too reckless previously. Please be kind and let me off this once. I won’t appear in front of you ever again!” 
Just like that, a dignified seven-feet man had gone on his knees. Jake and Megan both scoffed in disapproval but had no intentions to cause any trouble either. Since the man had already knelt, Jake supposed he could give him a chance to live. 
He kicked Anderson and motioned for him to get up. With a cold expression and distant tone, Jake said, “Since you’ve begged for mercy, I shan’t be too ruthless then. Take these bottles and your dirty rag and go. Hurry now, before I regret it.” 
With both knees on the ground, Anderson had not expected that he could safely retreat from the situation with Mia. He breathed a sigh of relief, his tense face finally able to relax. 
“Thank you, Mr. Wilson! I’ll get lost right now!” 
Then, he got some men to take the bottles away as he said goodbye to Jake with a flattering look. He dragged Mia to leave, and although the latter used all her effort to resist, it was to no avail. 
Megan watched the scene calmly. Things were looking tough for Mia that night, as Anderson had played around with and destroyed many women in his life.
However, he was powerful and tended to pick smaller celebrities. Thus, even if they died, it would not cause too much of an issue. Mia must have been blind to have gone to him. She was basically asking for death. 
After Anderson and Mia left, Megan and Jake also left the private room soon after. The rest of the people were chatting about what had just happened and would only leave very late into the night. 
In the parking lot, Megan and Jake entered the car to head home. Silence ensued as if they were trying to hide something. 
Unable to stand the suffocating atmosphere anymore, Megan lowered the windows, allowing the cold wind to enter the car, and gave her some relief. 
“If anything happens in the future, call me. Don’t try to take it on by yourself.” 
She had been staring dazedly at the passing scenery and lights when he spoke. His words seemed to weigh her heart down. 
She lowered her eyes, momentarily speechless. The outside lights continuously flickered across her face. “It’s not that I don’t want to call you. I just don’t want to rely on you for everything.” 
“I know. I know you’re an independent woman and don’t want others interfering in your life.” 
The obvious loneliness in his tone was too much for her to ignore. She lowered her head in silence, then turned to glance at his face, which was hidden in the shadows. 
She hesitated, then said uncertainly, “Will you… give me some time? I really don’t know if it’s time to give in.”
Megan had her own reasons for being insistent on those things. Although she loved Jake, she could not just stubbornly follow her heart as she pleased. 
Love, after all, was the most fickle and easiest thing to lose over. Thus, she had to draw the line between such a relationship and work, never allowing them to cross paths. 
She had not forgotten that her goal in her current lifetime was to cause Herman and Mia to die terrible deaths. 
Jake did not say much else after hearing the reluctance in her tone. His grip on the steering wheel tightened as he nodded and remained silent. 
The next day, he was no longer at home when Megan woke up. She massaged her sore back before she noticed a new notification on her phone. 
Rubbing her eyes, she clicked on it casually. It turned out to be a piece of news. 
It read: The shareholder of a well-known company is suspected of homicide and has been arrested.
###Chapter 3335
Chapter 3335 Inexplicable Awkwardness 
The simple headline was clear and understandable but did not catch Megan’s interest, for she had never been interested in social news. 
However, just as she was about to close the tab, she realized that the picture attached was one of Anderson. 
She widened her eyes in disbelief and rubbed them again, unable to believe that the same person who had kneeled in humiliation just the day before had been arrested the very next day. 
After she calmed down, she pondered for a while about it. This can’t be a coincidence. Jake must have done something yesterday. Otherwise, Mr. Whittemore wouldn’t have been arrested for such a crime. 
That thought brought a chill down her spine. Mr. Whittemore got such an outcome just for offending Jake. If he finds out that I cheated his feelings, wouldn’t it be worse for me? 
Suddenly, she felt that being sold off to Alendor was a good way to deal with the situation. At least then, she would still be alive. 
After a restless morning, she planned to go out to buy something when she received a call from Donna, who said that season two of Love In Progress was about to start filming. 
Since she had only managed to rest for a day before she had to start work again, Megan was resistant to the news. After all, the issue with Jonas had already almost ended. As such, if they continue filming, both of them were going to be completely exposed. 
However, even if she did not want to go, she still had to. Since it was written in her contract, she had to adhere to the agreement.
Perhaps it was because the previous season’s ratings were too low that the production team had cut down on their activity expenses. This time, each person only had three thousand. Thus, they picked a day where plane ticket prices were lower and headed off to the filming site. 
There was an inexplicable air of awkwardness between Megan and Jonas when they met again. They did not speak to each other, and it was as if there was a thick wall separating them into two different worlds. 
“The weather’s not bad today.” 
After sleeping on the plane all the way, the pair finally landed in H City, and the first sentence shared between them was a very plain comment. 
The crew looked at the pair standing far away from each other and shook their heads. Megan and Jonas did not look remotely in love. Instead, they seemed like an old couple sitting by the roadside, basking in the sun as they said boring things to each other. 
Because the director no longer held any expectations for them, he only sent around two cameras over to film them and did not even turn up in person. 
Awkwardly, Megan and Jonas sat in silence in the backseat of the car. They were headed for the house that the production crew had already prepared. 
As there were cuts in their funding this time, the place was not as luxurious as the one they had in Horington. 
Not long later, the car turned into a small alley and stopped at the door of a small yard. Everyone got off and put the equipment down inside, then began to prepare for the show.
Megan had wanted to carry her own suitcase up the high doorstep at the gates. However, her bags were too heavy, and she did not have enough strength. 
“Here, let me do it,” said Jonas. He had seen her struggle and walked forward a few steps, reaching out for her bags. 
Noticing his actions, she subconsciously leaned over to the side. It was only after a while did she realize that his arm had stopped mid-air, and he had a wry smile on his face. 
She blinked, seemingly realizing something before she quickly pushed the suitcase over to him and smiled awkwardly. “Sure. I’ll leave it to you then. Guys are stronger, after all.” 
Although she tried her best to feign nonchalance, her estranged actions undoubtedly hurt him. 
She bit her lip as she gazed into his dark eyes hidden by his fringe. She could not help but step forward and explain herself, “I’m sorry, I just subconsciously…” 
“It’s fine,” Jonas interrupted, calmly looking her in the eye as he suppressed his emotions. Megan’s delicate, radiant face was reflected in his eyes.
###Chapter 3336
Chapter 3336 I Wanted To Ask You To Lunch 
Jonas did not want to overthink. The incident at the coast in Horington and the many instances they interacted were undoubtedly a blow to him. As someone who wanted to give up on her, he should learn to ignore whatever emotions he had because of her. 
“Give it to me. The steps are too high. You won’t be able to carry it over.” 
Lowering his eyes indifferently, he then carried the suitcase easily up the step. Megan followed behind him with complicated emotions, walking silently as she did not know what to say. 
After a while, when everyone had finished arranging their things and equipment, the crew encouraged Megan to have lunch with Jonas to build their relationship. Regardless of whether the relationship was real or fake, the new season must not turn out worse than the previous one. 
Helpless, Megan felt burdened by the trust that every staff member put in her. 
I’ve just interacted with him mere minutes ago, and now, I have to look for him again. I really don’t know what he’ll think of me. 
She sighed and shook her head, forcing herself to knock on his door. 
Knock, knock, knock. 
All was silent. the door that was supposed to be locked creaked open slightly, startling Megan. She looked down and found the door unlatched. 
“What’s going on?” 
Confused about the situation, she frowned and looked inside the room but did not see anyone.
Did he went out? But the yard door wasn’t open just now. 
With a doubtful gaze, she stood at his door for a long time. Then, making up her mind, she pushed the door that was left ajar. 
When she entered, she looked around the room curiously, her steps light and careful. She called out Jonas’ name from time to time. 
“Are you here, Jonas?” 
She shouted a few times, but there was no response from within the quiet room. Megan put her hand on her chin as she raised her brows in suspicion. 
It seems like he slipped away while the others weren’t paying attention. Since that’s the case, I’d better leave quickly. 
She pressed her lips together, planning to tell the staff about what happened. That it wasn’t because she was unwilling to bond with Jonas, but because the man was nowhere to be found. 
Relaxing the tension she had been feeling, she breathed a sigh of relief in her heart. She then looked at her surroundings and was about to leave when a figure walked out from the washroom. 
Megan froze for a moment, standing stiffly in place as countless possibilities flashed across her mind. The moment she saw the half-naked figure standing in front of her, blood rushed to her cheeks, burning her face up quickly. 
“You…” 
The figure was none other than Jonas, who had just finished showering. Water droplets were dripping down his exposed slim waist, his wet black hair falling across his forehead.
He was obviously surprised to see Megan standing in the middle of his room, but not to the extent of being frozen in place like she was. 
For some reason, Jonas, who was feeling irritable just moments ago, felt comforted the moment he saw her freeze. He looked languidly at her as he ran a hand through his hair before walking toward her. 
When he spoke, his tone was low and charming. “What’s wrong? Cat got your tongue?” 
Megan’s expression remained as stiff as before. With her lips twitching, she looked away awkwardly as the man’s masculine scent and aura enveloped her. She eventually closed her eyes. 
“Um, sorry, the door was open, and I wanted to ask you to lunch, but…” 
“You don’t need to explain,” he interrupted as he stood in a relaxed manner with his arms folded across his chest. Compared to before, there was a trace of disappointment in his expression.
###Chapter 3337
Chapter 3337 Can I Hug You 
Jonas lowered his gaze, quietly looking at the woman in front of him. Eventually, the mixed feelings in his heart turned into evil thoughts. 
His eyes darkened as he reached out to play with the hair that lay on Megan’s shoulders, rubbing it between his fingers. 
Curling her hair around his finger, the soft, strong texture made his body heat up even more. He looked at her clenched fists and reddened ears and could not help but think, are her lips as soft as her hair? 
The more he thought about it, the more excited he got. Furthermore, the silence in the room further intensified the desire in his heart. 
“Can I hug you?” Jonas asked as he let go of her hair, watching the strands falling back onto her shoulders. Unable to understand the reason for his request, Megan widened her eyes in confusion. 
The first thing that caught her eyes was his strong chest. Blinking helplessly, she forced herself not to think about the fact that he was half-naked. 
“Um… Why? Even if we’re going to hug, you still have to put on some clothes first…” 
Confused, the only thought that popped into her mind then was to leave quickly. However, she knew that if she had turned around and ran right then, he would once again think that she hated him. 
After all, he was only half-naked. Given his sensitive state then, it was inevitable that he would overthink. 
Jonas laughed lightly upon hearing Megan’s answer as a dark gleam flashed in his eyes.
For a split second, he had the urge to forcefully claim Megan for himself. However, she was looking at him with a worried and confused gaze, trust evident in her eyes. Therefore, his guilty conscience constantly prickled at him. 
I really am a coward. But I can’t bring myself to hurt her. If I really did it one day, it would mean that I must’ve been driven crazy by my feelings for her. 
“Okay, I’ll go get dressed.” 
Megan looked at his back, unable to comprehend what just happened. Why did he suddenly make such a strange request? Forget it. If it makes him a little happy, a hug between friends doesn’t matter. 
With that thought, she waited outside his room while he got dressed. When Jonas came out to find her a while later, someone from the production crew saw them talking outside his room and immediately ran over with a camera. 
“You guys continue. Just treat me as invisible.” 
Noticing the pair still staring at him, the cameraman waved his hands quickly and moved a few steps backward, trying to make himself disappear from their sight. 
Helpless, Megan forced a smile and said, “Do you mind? If you don’t, I can give you a hug to help soothe your recent depressive feelings.” 
Her gaze was calm as she looked at him. In truth, she was not ignorant of his thoughts nor of the desire he had for her. 
In the past, she was always evading and denying it. As long as Jonas did not openly say he liked her, she did not intend to admit it either. After careful considerations, she realized that perhaps it was because she was afraid she would really fall for him.
However, at that moment, her relationship with Jake was no longer the same one they had when they were younger. Thus, she knew that she should not let other things affect their relationship. 
Once she had repaid whatever she owed Jonas, she could then ignore his love for her and continue treating him as a friend. In fact, she had previously quarreled with Jake over that very issue. 
Nonetheless, in that instant, she wanted to face Jonas’ feelings for her calmly, just like how she was determined to become friends with him back then. After the hug, she would not think about the fact that he liked her anymore. At the same time, she would not behave in an overly friendly way with him. 
Basically, she wanted to keep the familiarity but try not to become close friends. 
“Judging by the look in your eyes, you seemed to have decided on something,” said Jonas, for he noticed that the look in Megan’s eyes was different from before. In the past, she would only look gloomily at him. Yet, for once, she was finally showing a smile.
###Chapter 3338
Chapter 3338 Make A Fresh Start 
“Yes, I’ve decided to treat you like a normal friend in the future. Although our hearts don’t beat as one, you don’t need to estrange yourself from me. It’d be best if we can maintain a friendly relationship.” 
Jonas was left dazed by Megan’s words. The cameraman, too, was dumbstruck while holding the camera. There’s really something going on between them! But, it seems like Jonas’ love is unrequited. 
Seeing Megan’s resoluteness, Jonas looked away from her and let out a bitter smile. Her answer was within his expectation since he was rejected many times. 
The feeling of heartbreak was replaced by numbness as he had gotten used to her rejection. He knew Megan was trying to let go of the past between them with a hug. 
If it were in the past, Jonas would emphasize his love and tell her that he was the right choice for her. Now, all he did was gaze at her calmly. 
After all, he shouldn’t be pining for someone who couldn’t return his love. 
Jonas curled his lips into a smile, feeling relieved. As he opened his arms wide, his eyes were the way they were during their first encounter, bright and clear. 
“Sure. Come on then, let’s end this with a hug.” 
Seeing that, mixed emotions surged within Megan’s heart. In the end, they all morphed into a pleasant smile on her face. She stepped forward and wrapped her arms around Jonas’ waist. 
“Jonas, I’m happy to be your friend. And I hope that one day, there will be a woman who will find it happy to be your girlfriend.”
After a while, Jonas loosened his hold. As he pulled away from Megan, the warmth of the embrace that he wished could last forever soon disappeared, leaving only an empty void behind. 
Nodding his head, he uttered, “Well, I hope you made the right choice.” 
The two exchanged a smile as both knew it was time for them to make a fresh start. Unbeknownst to anyone, Jonas’ heart was grieving. The poor guy still needed time to heal his broken heart. 
Looking at the two in the camera, the cameraman sighed. It was such a dramatic scene where the two confessed their true feelings. Unfortunately, they couldn’t broadcast it since it concerned privacy. 
The cameraman wanted to inform them about reshooting the scene, yet he was unwilling to ruin the atmosphere. He had ruined it once, and he couldn’t do it again. 
“Um… You guys go on. The RAM in my camera is full, so I need to go and clear the data.” 
The cameraman came up with an excuse and left the scene. Seeing the way he scurried away, Megan let out a chuckle. 
She then turned to face Jonas. Raising her brow, she asked, “So, are we going to eat now?” 
Having collected himself, Jonas said with a smile, “Then, I’m afraid you’ll have to ask him along. After all, we can’t behave like last time again.” 
Unlike the last time when they looked distant from each other, Megan was confident with this time’s shooting. As they had opened up themselves, their actings had become more natural and convincing. 
She patted Jonas on the arm, her eyes shining with confidence. “Don’t worry. We will definitely succeed this time!” 
“Succeed? What are you guys talking about?”
Just then, a cold voice rang out, which dampened her enthusiasm. 
Instantly, she turned her head to find Jake in his black suit walking toward her. Following behind him was his secretary. 
“Jake, why are you here?” 
Megan’s eyes widened in surprise. The next moment, she trotted toward the man, putting Jonas at the back of her mind. 
Seeing how the woman was bounding toward him cheerfully, Jake’s expression softened. 
“I’m here on a business trip, and I decided to drop by.” 
Without any hesitation, he pulled Megan in his arms before casting his cold gaze at Jonas, who was standing not far away.
###Chapter 3339
Chapter 3339 The Complaisant Jake 
Seeing their intimacy, Jonas felt a sharp pain in his heart. Yet, he hid his emotions and plastered a calm front. 
In Jake’s arms, Megan was surrounded by the man’s familiar scent. At that moment, she didn’t have the time to bother about Jonas. 
She gazed at Jake dubiously while playing with a loose strand of hair. “What a coincidence! I didn’t even tell you that I’m here. I didn’t expect you would come.” 
“I didn’t expect to see the two of you being so close together either.” There was a hint of resentment in Jake’s voice while a glint of dissatisfaction flashed across his eyes. 
The man was obviously unhappy. Megan knew he would easily get jealous, yet she could do nothing but accept him for who he was. Wrapping her arms around his waist, she buried her face in his chest and explained, “Well, the production crew asked Jonas and me to eat with them. If you don’t mind, you can join us, but you’ll have to find another table.” 
Hearing that, Jake’s eyes darkened. He hugged her tighter as he rejected, “No, I’m not joining. I’m afraid I might flip the table if I see you guys eating together.” 
Megan covered her mouth to suppress her giggle, yet her mirthful eyes had given her away. “Don’t forget, that’s what you said. I need to record the show now. See you!” 
Jake raised his brow at her smugness. Why does she look like she doesn’t want me to join them? 
Just when Megan was about to leave and find Jonas, he grabbed her wrist and said seriously, “Forget it. I’m coming with you guys. I’ll drive you to the restaurant.”
Megan was slightly bewildered. She blinked her eyes, not knowing why Jake suddenly changed his mind. 
However, there was no time for her to figure it out since she was in a hurry. Hence, she agreed to Jake’s offer with alacrity before asking Jonas to go with them. 
Standing at the door, Jonas wished he could reject her invitation after seeing them acting lovey-dovey the whole time. Yet, it would be unreasonable for him to do so. 
Since he had agreed with Megan to only be friends in the future, he should at least show his stance. 
With that in mind, Jonas agreed to Megan’s offer. He remained silent while walking behind them to the car. 
Soon, the trio arrived at the largest hotel in H City. Jake was so generous that he treated the whole production crew to their meals. After that, he sat alone at another table and watched as Megan and Jonas sat together, recording the show. 
Megan couldn’t believe her eyes, for it was rare to see Jake being so complaisant. For several times, the latter looked away when his eyes met hers that were full of disbelief. 
Meanwhile, Jonas and the production crew didn’t fail to notice the two’s interaction. They were surprised that Megan was in a relationship with the “top gift-sender.” Even so, Megan had always kept it in the down-low and maintained social distance with Jake in public. 
“Alright. Get ready! We’ll roll the camera now!” 
It was not the time to gossip nor satisfy their curiosity. Soon, the crew positioned the camera right in front of the two sitting at the table.
As the camera started rolling, Megan felt nervous as Jake kept fixing his scrutinizing gaze at her. 
Meanwhile, Jonas helped fill her plate with food. “I like this one. Here, have a taste!” The man had ignored Jake’s presence and was at ease in front of the camera. 
Seeing that, Jake’s gaze turned cold. Megan was in a difficult situation, yet she must eat the food for the show. 
That was when she realized she had shot herself in the foot.
###Chapter 3340
Chapter 3340 Her Different Attitudes 
Megan bit the bullet and continued with the shooting. Throughout the process, she couldn’t help glancing at Jake. To her surprise, although he looked displeased, he didn’t voice his ion nor stop the recording. 
“Alright. Let’s take a break. Megan, you need to immerse yourself fully in your character.” 
Sitting behind the monitor, the producer could sense Megan’s nervousness. Although the latter had acted out the shyness of a girl when she first met her crush, her acting lacked the feeling of affection. 
“Okay. I’ll try.” 
Megan accepted the producer’s criticism with appreciation. She closed her eyes and let out a deep breath. Just then, she saw Jake beckoning her over. 
She hesitated to go over, unwilling to be so close to Jake in front of other people. Eventually, she walked toward him and sat some distance away from him. 
Back in the yard earlier, they were intimate, hugging together when no one was around. Yet, she was now treating him as if he was a stranger. 
Unhappy with her different attitudes, he asked in a cold voice, “Why are you sitting so far away?” 
Instead of answering him, Megan cast her eyes over at the crew members focusing on their meals. Seeing that no one was paying attention to them, she excused herself to the washroom. 
Jake had no idea what she was up to. His face darkened as the door of the private room closed shut. He then cast his eyes at Jonas. His face grew grim upon noticing that the latter was looking in the direction where Megan left.
Has something happened between them that I don’t know? 
Suspicion was gnawing at Jake. Right then, his phone rang. It was a message from Megan: Let’s meet outside. There are too many people in there. 
His heart was overwhelmed with frustration after reading the message. Megan made him feel as if he was an embarrassment to her. 
She could pretend to be a couple with Jonas In front of the camera, yet she was unwilling to eat with him at the same table. 
Feeling displeased, Jake shot a cold glare at the innocent Jonas. He then suppressed his emotion and walked out of the private room. 
Outside in the corridor, Megan suddenly appeared. She pulled him into another empty private room and turned on the lights. 
Under the dim lights, she could see the reflection of her face that spoke of nervousness in his amber eyes. 
“Why do you bring me here? Why can’t we talk in the private room just now?” 
Jake only wanted to eat with her, not to play hide-and-seek. 
Pulling a long face, he raised his brow and waited for her answer. 
Megan, on the other hand, knew that her petty behavior had pissed Jake off. Instead of answering him, she pulled his tie and tiptoed to kiss him. 
Her soft lips caressed his, and her breath tickled his face.
As a response, Jake wrapped his arms around her waist. His anger dissipated while his mind started running wild. 
So, this is how she’s going to appease me? 
Jake was pleased. He must admit that it was indeed an effective way to pacify him. 
Megan’s face was flushing scarlet. Nevertheless, Jake showed no mercy as his hands found their way under her blouse and fondled her silky smooth skin. 
Gazing at her, he asked in a hoarse voice, “Megan, do you know you’re playing with fire?” 
Yet, Megan didn’t follow him. Her mind was a mess at his touch. All she could do was follow her instinct as she looked up at him through her watery eyes.
###Chapter 3341
Chapter 3341 Mia Hooking Up With Herman 
“D*mn it!” Jake cursed. His eyes burned with desire when he saw the lustful look on Megan’s face. His body was craving for her, yet his rationality was still constraining him. 
Suddenly, he tensed up at the sound of footsteps that halted right outside the private room. Not losing any time, he lifted the tablecloth and got under the table with Megan. 
“What’s wrong?” 
Megan was brought back to her senses upon the sudden pain when Jake grabbed her tightly on the wrist. She had no idea what was going on. 
With his brows knotted, Jake placed a finger before his lips to hush her. “Shush!” 
Instantly, Megan kept quiet as she listened to the sound of footsteps that rang out from behind the tablecloth. 
“Mmph… You’re so impatient. What if someone comes in?” 
“Ha! If someone really comes in and sees you rutting, he will definitely join us and satisfy you.” 
Both the man and the woman’s voices sounded familiar to Megan. At the same time, their dirty talk rendered her speechless. She thought her act was bold and wild enough, yet it paled in comparison to theirs. 
“Stop wasting time! Hurry, or you’d better leave now!” the woman urged. Megan furrowed her brows as she found the woman’s voice even more familiar. 
As if he suddenly realized something, Jake turned to face Megan and whispered in her ears, “It’s Mia.”
That woman had shown up in front of him more than once. Although he couldn’t recognize her by her voice immediately, he still remembered her voice clearly. 
Upon his reminder, Megan was finally able to match the voice with Mia. Still, with the coquettish tone, it was slightly unlike how the latter usually sounded. 
If the woman out there is Mia, then who’s the man? 
Megan soon collected her thoughts. Obviously, the two of them had no intention of eavesdropping on someone hooking up. 
She held Jake’s hand and whispered, “Why don’t we get out before they get started?” 
The woman outside was Mia, and the man’s identity was still unknown. It would only make her sick on her stomach to listen to them making out. Since Jake and she were aroused moments earlier, it was not a good idea to take any more stimulation. 
Seeing that she wanted to leave, a playful smile appeared on Jake’s face while his finger brushed her palm. 
“You want to leave now? I don’t think I want to leave. There’s no harm in watching a sex show,” he teased, obviously trying to make her feel embarrassed. 
Megan clenched her teeth. In the dim environment under the table, she was bold enough to shoot daggers at Jake. 
The latter didn’t fail to notice that she even rolled her eyes at him, yet it was not the time to retaliate. 
He let out a soft chuckle before saying softly, “I was just kidding, so don’t take it seriously. Let’s get out now.”
It was unbelievable to see Jake give in so quickly. Nevertheless, Megan didn’t bother to question him. She held his hand as the two climbed out from behind the tablecloth. 
As their eyes adapted to the sudden brightness, a man and a woman came into sight, both half-naked. The two continued fondling each other without noticing Jake and Megan’s presence. 
“Stop that… Mmph… Hurry…” 
“Oh, stop rushing me! You saucy little minx!” 
Hearing their dirty talk made Jake want Megan even more, yet he managed to suppress his desire. 
He would never do it in front of others like those two shameless perverts. 
In fact, their guess was right; the woman was indeed Mia. To their utter surprise, the man who had his back at them turned out to be Herman. Standing by the table, both Jake and Megan exchanged glances with each other upon that shocking realization. 
Megan found it hard to believe that Mia had hooked up with Herman, the man whom she once looked down upon. Has she given up on herself after sleeping with Anderson?
###Chapter 3342
Chapter 3342 Biggest Stain In Her Life 
Megan felt that Jake had no intention of stopping the two who were absorbed in their business. Hence, she coughed softly as a sign of her displeasure. 
The sound of her cough was singularly loud and clear in the quiet room, which alerted the man and woman, who were in the middle of making out on the table. Instantly, they looked up and saw Megan and Jake looking at them. 
“Arghh!” Mia shrieked. She never expected Megan to show up in the room that she thought was empty. 
She almost thought it was an illusion seeing Megan gazing at her calmly. 
Her face was as pale as a ghost when she pulled up her skirt. As for Herman, the man looked surprised, yet he was composed. 
He stood in front of Mia, staring coldly at Megan and Jake. “Are you guys here deliberately to catch us in the act, or is it just a coincidence?” 
Mia was his meal ticket, and his survival depended on her. Thus, he needed to hush Megan and Jake up. 
He never thought that his plan would be ruined because of them. 
Staring at Herman’s disgusting face, Megan’s gaze turned cold. “Are you trying to say that we’re deliberately hiding here to watch you guys make out? What, do you think your little sex act is worth our time watching?” 
Megan was sick of his narcissism. In her past life, she had had enough of this man. Nevertheless, she was more than happy to see Mia fall prey to him.
During their exchanges, Jake had stealthily taken numerous pictures of Herman and Mia in their half- naked state. 
After that, he kept his phone before walking toward to door with his arms crossed. He then opened the door, notwithstanding the two were half-clad. 
Instantly, Mia went to hide in the shadows. 
Fixing his eyes at them, Jake’s face was full of unutterable emotions. “Since you think your actions are worth watching, why don’t we open the door and let everyone feast their eyes on you? This can also serve as free publicity in showbiz.” 
The lights in the corridor pierced the darkness and illuminated the private room. After hearing Jake’s words, Mia’s face grew paler. 
Herman had only set her up once, yet she never thought that Megan and the man she loved, Jake, would see them hooking up. This was the biggest stain in her life. 
Her eyes were burning with rage. She thought it was all Megan and Jake’s fault for showing up in the private room. They were the ones who brought me such humiliation! 
“Megan, there is no need to go that far. You’d better let me go, or I’ll definitely make you pay!” 
Megan tittered as she found Mia’s words ridiculous. 
Gazing at her sister, she raised her brow and sneered, “Oh, Mia, you should reflect on yourself. Besides, when did I go too far? I’ve done nothing at all. I wonder how you’re going to make me pay. You can’t possibly force me to watch you making out, can you? You’re the one who has gone too far. Have you forgotten about what happened in Lostaria?”
Half of Megan’s solemn face was illuminated while the other half was hidden in the dark. Her gaze was cold and icy. 
Hearing Megan’s words, Mia frowned and pursed her lips. She looked surprised as she glanced coldly at Herman. 
A moment later, she asked, “So, you knew everything?” 
Curling her lips, Megan cast a glance at the shifty-eyed Herman, and she immediately knew what was going on. 
“Oh, poor Mia, it seems like you have been deceived,” she said sarcastically while blinking her eyes innocently. 
It’s not just a deception, it’s a scam!
###Chapter 3343
Chapter 3343 Using Love As An Excuse 
When the thought hit her, Mia’s fury sprang to life. She strode toward Herman in her high heels and slapped his face forcefully. 
The next moment, her pitchy voice rang out, “Herman Clear, you promised you wouldn’t let Megan know about it once I paid your gambling debt. How could you lie to me?” 
Being knocked sideways, Mia shook her head in disbelief. She staggered a few steps backward as her legs gave way, and she immediately held onto the chair to steady herself. 
Initially, she gave Herman the hush money mainly because Osmond was worried that Jake might take revenge on her. If Herman told Megan that she was the one who plotted everything, it would cause her a lot of trouble. 
Hence, that was why she bit the bullet and drank with Anderson. 
Mia had given a huge amount of hush money and even slept with other men only for Megan to tell her that she already knew about her being the culprit. It was just that Megan was keeping silent all the while, for she didn’t want to bother about it. 
Upon that realization, Mia lowered her head, and her fingers trembled. All she wanted at that moment was to flay Herman alive. 
“No… Mia, I lied to you because I love you!” Herman cried out. 
Hearing him using love as an excuse, Megan was so disgusted that she started to retch. 
She could sense Jake’s gaze falling upon her, yet she dared not look at him. She knew he must be unhappy with her for not telling him about Herman and Mia’s misdeeds.
Yet, she never regretted it. If she told him earlier, they wouldn’t get the chance to witness this farce. 
Unlike Megan’s lightheartedness, Mia was in agony. Glowering at Herman, she clenched her fists upon hearing him saying he loved her. 
She was so angry that her hands were shaking. With all her might, she once again slapped Herman’s face. “Shut up! How dare you say you love me! You have lied to me for my money. Not only that, you even approached me on purpose when I was in despair and played with my feelings. Herman Clear, I should be grateful that I finally found out about your true color!” 
Deep down, Mia didn’t have high regard for this man. It was just that he was the only person who was there for her when she was at rock bottom. 
In fact, she was using Herman to make herself believe that she was still the old Mia, that she was still the pure and sweet young lady from before. After all, being a man who liked her before, Herman was not disdainful of her just because she had slept with Anderson. 
Unfortunately, it was all just her self-delusion. Not only was their relationship driven by money and sexual desire, but it also lacked reciprocity. She was the one who gave while Herman was the one who got all that he needed. 
Herman had made use of her, and she became her enemy’s laughing stock after seeing how stupid she was. Her life was a total failure. 
Before this, Mia had lived a glorious life. But now, she almost ruined her future because of a b*stard and a b*tch. 
Fortunately, it was not too late to correct her mistake. Be it Megan or Herman, she would make them suffer.
“Mia, trust me! I really do love you!” Herman called out. 
His voice brought Mia back to her senses. Disregarding his words, she cast her eyes at Megan and Jake. The two of them were gloating over her misfortune, looking at her with their eyes full of pity and a hint of glee. 
It was already great mercy of them that they didn’t rub salt on her wound. 
Mia soon composed herself and held her head high like a phoenix that had risen from the ashes. 
Without sparing a glance at Herman, she scoffed, “Get lost! If I see you again, I’ll make sure you end up in Lostaria!” 
Megan was surprised as it was rare to see Mia being so adamant. It seemed like Herman’s deception had really hit her for six that she changed into a completely different person. 
She couldn’t help wondering if Mia would wise up after this. As her sister, she honestly thought Mia was a simpleton. 
In the end, Megan and Jake left the scene before the farce even ended and went back to join the production crew.
###Chapter 3344
Chapter 3344 Asking Him On A Date 
The show recording continued later that day. Since Megan was in a good mood, this time, she finished the shooting in one take. 
Jonas had no idea what happened earlier between Megan and Jake, which led to her mood change. Although he was curious, he dared not ask her. He couldn’t help feeling despondent, for he was used to being reserved and taciturn in front of Megan. Perhaps that was the very reason why he couldn’t bring her happiness. 
About ten minutes later, everyone was done with their meals. The production crew put down their cameras and were resting. They were prepared to leave. 
“That’s it for today! By the way, the shots today are great!” 
After going through all the shots, the producer nodded in satisfaction. He handed the camera monitor back to the camera crew’s team leader before dismissing the crew. 
Megan let out a deep breath as the day’s shooting ended. She bade Jonas goodbye and went to sit beside Jake when there were no others in the private room. 
Jake was scrolling through his phone when she poked the side of his face. “Are you free tonight? I want to go on a date with you.” 
The man was left dazed at her straightforwardness. The next moment, he turned off his phone and shifted his eyes to her. Her words brought a smile to his face, and his eyes were full of mirth and surprise. 
“Why do you suddenly want to go on a date with me? Usually, you would always try to stay distant with me.”
Megan chuckled, knowing that it was just a tease. She then said cheekily, “Well, we’ll keep some distance in the morning and stay close together at night. It won’t be much of a problem. If I weren’t an actress, I would cling to you day and night.” 
Jake felt better after hearing her words. Although he could understand why she was reluctant to make their relationship public, it was still hard for him to accept it. 
He gazed lovingly at her. His charming face moved closer to hers as he cooed, “If you are as adorable during the day as you are now, then I won’t need to worry as much.” 
Am I really that worrisome? 
Megan recalled the times when the two argued. She sure had caused him a lot of headaches in the past. Feeling guilty, she clung to his arms and stuck out her tongue, flashing him a sheepish smile. 
“Don’t change the topic. Are you free tonight to go on a date with me or not?” 
Jake stroked his chin and thought for a while. Then, he shook his head. “I’ve got a plane to catch tonight. Actually, I’m not here on a business trip, I came here on purpose to see you. I lied because I’m afraid you would be unhappy.” 
Megan was slightly disappointed that he would be leaving at night. Even so, her heart leaped with joy to hear that he came for her. 
She feigned an angry look and pinched his face. “Hmph! How dare you lie to me! I don’t care. You owe me one, and you’ll have to compensate me in the future.” 
There was no trace of anger in her voice. All it was just her trying to act like an adorable child. 
Jake’s heart melted, and he couldn’t help but pull her into his arms. The touch of her soft body stirred him.
“Then, how do you want me to compensate you?” he asked. 
His eyes were fixated on her flushed cheeks. At that moment, he was tempted to have a taste of her lips to see if it tasted sweet like her. 
As for Megan, she felt her entire body was burning, and she unwittingly curled her fingers. Her mind was in such a mess that she couldn’t think of anything. 
“I… I don’t know” 
Suddenly, Jake decided to stop the flirting. After all, they would be in an awkward position should anyone barged into the private room. 
He soon calmed himself down. While caressing her hair, Jake pecked her on the lips. The affection in his eyes almost drowned her. 
Megan never thought that Jake would have such a loving side to him. 
“Well, save it for next time then. It’s time for me to go now.” With that, the man loosened his grip around her waist before he stood up.
###Chapter 3345
Chapter 3345 The Royal Wife 
Although Jake wished to hug Megan longer, he really got to go. 
“You’re leaving?” Megan held his arm, looking disappointed. She was growing reliant on the man without even realizing it. 
Jake nodded. He then bent over to kiss her cheek and ruffled her hair. “We’ll meet again after I’m done with my work, so don’t be sad.” 
Megan knew they would get to meet again soon, so it was a wistful feeling rather than sadness that she was experiencing. 
The two of them didn’t have much time to meet up. She was busy with her own career as well. If not, she would definitely follow Jake wherever he went. 
“Okay. You should get going now. I’m going to talk to the producer about the show.” 
Megan forced a smile as she watched Jake leave the private room. Since there was no way to stop him from leaving, she might as well accept it. 
A few days later, the recording for Love In Progress finally came to an end. Soon, the show would reach the editing stage. Jonas, Megan, and the production crew boarded the earliest flight back. 
As soon as they got off the plane, Megan received a call from Donna. She was rather surprised when she heard the latter telling her that she was waiting at the exit of the airport. I thought she said she’s not coming to fetch me. Why is she here now? 
After rejecting Jonas’ offer to give her a ride, she then evaded her fans and the paparazzi, running all the way out to the exit and getting into a car’s passenger seat.
Sitting behind the wheels was Donna with a pair of sunglasses. She drove off as soon as Megan hopped in. 
“I thought you have something else today?” 
“Yeah, but it’s all done,” Donna answered casually while keeping her eyes on the road. She was humming songs as she drove, obviously in a good mood. “I have good news, Megan! You won’t believe what I’ve accomplished today.” 
Seeing her secretive look, Megan was bewildered. She turned to face Donna and pouted. “Stop keeping me in suspense. Just spit it out.” 
Coming to a stop at a red light, Donna cut to the chase after sensing Megan’s impatience. “Alright, alright. My gosh, must you be so impatient? It’s nothing, really. I’ve got you a job opportunity today. It’s a script for a new TV series. I thought it would take longer, but surprisingly, the negotiation ended pretty soon.” 
“Script? What script is it that could make you look so happy?” Megan asked curiously while gazing at her manager, who was puffed up with pride. 
Hmm… What script could it be? 
If Megan was not mistaken, according to the timeline in her past life, the upcoming famous TV series should be The Royal Wife. She remembered that it became a frequent topic of discussion at that time. 
Apart from the main cast, even the supporting cast had risen to fame. 
She owed Donna a big one if the latter had really secured her a role in that TV series.
Meanwhile, Donna was obviously unhappy with Megan’s indifference and laid-back attitude. She removed her sunglasses and tossed it over onto the dashboard. 
“Do you know that the producers are prepared to spend millions on this script? If I hadn’t gotten the news from an insider, I doubt I’d be able to even secure a place as an extra for you,” she boasted. 
Megan raised her brow at Donna’s words, surprised by her confidence. Could it really be The Royal Wife? Did she really secure me a role in it? 
“Oh, tell me already!” Megan was eager to know if her guess was correct. 
From the corner of her eyes, Donna saw the anticipation on Megan’s face. She couldn’t help feeling conceited. 
“The script is called The Royal Wife. I’ve got you the ticket to the audition as the female lead.” 
The female lead of The Royal Wife? 
For a moment, Megan was dazed. She could barely contain herself as she hugged Donna, who was driving.
###Chapter 3346
Chapter 3346 The Opportunity To Audition 
Donna hastily reclaimed over the wheels, bringing the car back to its steady course. After that, she shot a glare at Megan and bellowed, “Megan, I’m driving here! If we die here today, there won’t be any more audition.” 
Megan soon realized how dangerous her act was. She quickly sat back in her seat. Still, the excitement never left her face. 
In her past life, the female lead of the TV series was an unfamous yet experienced actress with superb acting skills. 
This showed that the production crew had high standards for the cast, which explained why The Royal Wife could become so famous. 
“Donna, you’re awesome! To be able to star as the female lead of this script would definitely bring my career to the next level!” Megan exclaimed in a frenzy of exaltation. 
Donna, too, was happy for her. At the same time, she couldn’t help feeling curious about Megan’s certainty. 
When the car pulled up in front of her rental apartment, she turned to face Megan and asked, “This is indeed a huge production, but how are you so sure that it can bring you to the A-list?” 
The question threw Megan off balance, and her smile stiffened. She got too excited that she almost blew her own cover. 
For a while, she was at a loss, and she avoided looking at Donna directly.
Finally, she managed to come up with something. “Didn’t you say it’s a huge production? I may have exaggerated a bit, but I think it will definitely gain me some popularity.” 
Megan tried to maintain her composure. She then gave a rueful chuckle to put her manager off. 
Being ingenuous as always, Donna didn’t question further despite the fact that she felt something strange. 
Soon after, she followed suit as Megan got out of the car and locked the door. 
The two chatted as they went up to the apartment. Donna suddenly realized that this time, she had easily obtained the opportunity to audition for Megan. 
She couldn’t help but voice her doubts, “Megan, I encountered something strange today during the contract negotiation.” 
Seeing her serious attitude, Megan asked, “What is it? Did anything happen?” 
Donna narrowed her eyes as she recalled the negotiation that went strangely smooth. Leaning against the couch, she rested her chin on her hand and slowly said, “It’s nothing important. I just found it a bit strange when the other managers all took a long time to cinch the contracts for their artists, but when it was my turn, it didn’t take long for me to get you the opportunity to audition.” 
Megan was surprised to hear that. As far as she knew, the production crew had put much effort into choosing the cast members in this TV series. The investors would only give their approval to sign many of the unpromising actors if the director guaranteed the quality of their acting. 
How is it possible that they gave me the opportunity without asking Donna any questions? Shouldn’t they at least interview me?
“Well, that’s indeed weird.” With her brows knotted, Megan fell into deep thoughts. 
Perhaps Jake was backing me again, just like how I got the permanent guest host quota for Let’s Run. 
Donna seemed to have realized something from the doubtful look on Megan’s face. “Don’t think too much. It’s just the audition. We still don’t know if you can even pass it.” 
With that, she ended the topic and turned on the television. 
Unlike Megan, as Jacinta’s ex-assistant, Donna knew all the ins and outs in showbiz. It would be a waste if they didn’t make use of their existing connections. 
Sitting on the couch, Megan could tell that Donna was unwilling to continue with the topic. She sighed and decided to let it go. Still, the feeling of frustration was hard to ignore. 
Nonetheless, any role in The Royal Wife would be a great opportunity for her. She need not be the female lead. As long as the director approved of her acting skills, she would appreciate any role given to her. 
The next morning, Megan woke up in Donna’s rental apartment. It had been days since she went back to Jake’s. Since the man was always on business trips, he seldom stayed at home.
###Chapter 3347
Chapter 3347 Three Scripts 
Megan felt that she was overthinking things. After all, staying overnight in Jake’s house was no different from staying in Donna’s. Besides, Donna’s place was like an extra temporary accommodation whenever she needed it. 
It was already eight when she glanced at the clock. After getting out of bed, she gathered her thoughts and put on her clothes. 
After cleaning up hastily, she realized that Donna had prepared a sandwich in a box and a glass of yogurt for her. 
“Hurry up, or else you’ll be late.” 
Donna grabbed Megan’s hand to leave the house and rushed downstairs to get into their car. Then, they kept honking and taking shortcuts to rush toward the audition venue. 
Before long, Megan and Donna finally arrived outside the audition room. 
Within a few minutes, they saw a few actresses go in and out of the room. All of them looked solemn as though none was completely confident about the audition. 
“Are you nervous?” Donna asked Megan softly and held the bag for her. She could see that Megan also looked as serious as the rest. 
However, Megan only leaned against the wall in the aisle and didn’t reply to Donna. Instead, she stared at the door to the audition room squarely, observing the facial expressions of all actresses who came out. At this moment, she felt that her heart was pounding heavily.
The importance of this audition was way more important than any auditions that she attended in the past. Deep down, she didn’t have high hopes of being selected as the female lead. Instead, she would be satisfied if she was selected as any minor character. 
“Number twenty-nine, please come in.” 
Megan shuddered unknowingly when she heard the number. She gazed down at the paper and reconfirmed that it was her number. 
“It’s your turn, Megan. All the best!” 
Donna gave Megan a thumbs-up, hoping that everything would go smooth for her. In response, Megan simply turned around to glance at her for a second, for she was a little afraid that she would disappoint her manager in the end. 
Given that various uncertainties lay ahead, too much hope would also be a psychological burden to Megan. 
Upon entering the audition hall, Megan shifted her gaze downward, her movements stiff. Everyone could tell that she was rather nervous. As Megan arrived at the stage and stood under the light, she suddenly felt calm, as though her body was immersed in holy light. 
She gazed calmly at the judges downstage. Then, one of the judges grabbed the microphone and handed over three pieces of paper to the staff. 
“Please introduce yourself. You’ll be given three scripts. You have half a minute to read the scripts and you’ll choose one of them to act out within three minutes without props.” 
The staff delivered the papers to Megan as soon as the judge finished explaining. For a moment, she felt that the papers were heavier than gold, for they would decide her future soon.
“I understand. I am Megan Rockford. The show that I participated in and am proud of the most is Transcendent,” Megan explained confidently. 
After skimming through the three papers for half a minute, she felt it was indeed difficult to grasp the main female character. 
“Your time begins now,” one of the judges reminded her, and the rest of them began to scrutinize her. 
Megan nodded in response. She kept in mind the lines in the three scripts and quickly prepared herself mentally for the performance. 
On the stage, there was only a beam of light shining on Megan’s pale face. The next moment, she began talking to the air in a cute and seemingly young voice. 
“Jamie, can we visit this tree next year, the following year, and forever?” 
Megan lifted her head and smiled softly, trying her best to express the naivety and innocence of a young lady. 
She recalled the old days when she was in the farming village and Herman’s betrayal. Mixed feelings surged within her, changing the look in her eyes and the aura she emanated, grabbing everyone’s attention.
###Chapter 3348
Chapter 3348 Judges Are Impressed 
The audition was divided into three parts and lasted for three minutes in total. In other words, Megan only had one minute for each script. She recomposed her emotions quickly as she entered the second phase with the second script. 
Compared to the first part, the character wasn’t as innocent and naive. Instead, she looked like a royal concubine who was nonchalant and aloof. 
Megan understood that the character had such feelings because not only she couldn’t be with her loved one, but the emperor didn’t love her as well. 
Reeling in her innocent look, her face darkened while the atmosphere became sullen. 
The judges downstage were shocked to see how Megan changed her emotions quickly but smoothly. Even some of the judges, who initially looked down on her, were now paying attention so they would not miss any of her performance. 
Meanwhile, Megan seemed to have completely immersed herself in the female character. She cared no more about her performance and fully committed herself to the process. 
Recalling the scenes, she subconsciously put her hands near her waist; her gaze turning cold. Tears seemed to have begun to well up in her eyes, yet she tried her best to keep her composure, leaving only a minuscule of emotions to seep through. 
After a while, she said calmly, “To me, love exists no more.” 
It was a simple line, and yet, the judges were stunned by the layers of emotions expressed by Megan.
She was standing on a modern stage without any props—there were neither traditional houses with carved beams nor gorgeous silk dresses. Yet, the moment Megan sighed, everyone felt they had traveled back in time. 
It was as though a royal concubine, who was cold but pretended to be strong, stood right in front of them. Gazing at the birds on the wall, she resisted the sorrow and loneliness and convinced herself that love was nothing but nihility. 
Everyone was at a loss, for they didn’t expect to witness such a superb performance by a new actress who came here through connections. 
Instantly, one of the judges stood up and asked Megan to stop acting. After all, they had already decided on the new female lead. 
Once her acting was interrupted, Megan stood still on the stage and felt confused. Some said that she didn’t have to carry on, whereas others wanted to continue watching it. 
It appeared that the judges had some disagreement among themselves about her act. 
As for Megan, she wasn’t sure what she had to do on stage. Since the judges were arguing with one another, she said helplessly, “Should I go on?” 
The judges fell silent upon hearing it. The next moment, one of them grabbed the microphone and stood up. Her expression was serious and she flashed Megan a piercing gaze before instructing, “Go on. We treat every participant as equal. Be quick as you’ve already wasted a few minutes of the following participants.” 
Megan couldn’t understand what was on their minds. Nevertheless, she had to carry on because they permitted it.
“Alright, I’ll start with the third part, then.” 
Gazing at the judges who were still arguing, she nodded slightly and smiled. Immediately, she recalled the third script and immersed herself in the scene. 
The third part was entirely different. The story tells of how the female character gave up on romance and became the queen. 
She had the happiest and most carefree life after becoming the royal concubine. Hence, the historians recorded her biographical history with the title “The Royal Wife,” which became the title of the TV series today. 
Megan’s acting was still as impressive, while the sense of mercilessness exuded from her eyes was extremely menacing. Seeing that, all of the judges downstage felt that she was the best compared to those who auditioned earlier. 
“Is your name Megan?” 
One of the judges picked up her resume. Apparently, the name didn’t ring a bell to the judge at all.
###Chapter 3349
Chapter 3349 Wait For Announcement 
“Yes, I’m Megan.” Megan nodded in response on the stage, exuding a sense of confidence from her eyes. 
Once she answered, the judge scanned her from head to toe. A few seconds later, he seemed to be more relaxed and have acknowledged her acting. 
He put her resume aside and gave her a standing ovation. Then, he commended, “To be honest, your resume was given to us upon a forceful recommendation. My initial impression was that you were merely a pretty face. I didn’t expect that you’d turn out to be an acting prodigy. If there is no better candidate, I’m willing to give you this opportunity.” 
Megan’s heart skipped a beat after listening to the pertinent comment by the judge. Although the room was dimly lit, she stared at the judge and eventually recognized him. 
He was Pierce Hughes, the director of The Royal Wife. 
So I guess this means that he acknowledged my acting? 
Although Megan was excited, she understood Pierce’s reminder, whereby her success was closely connected to the individual who recommended her resume. 
As such, she held in her emotions and asked nervously, “I know you, Mr. Hughes. It’s my honor to receive your recognition, and I would like to express my deepest gratitude. However, may I ask who’s the one who recommended my resume?” 
The whole thing had piqued her interest. Although she had an inkling that it was probably Jake who did it, she wondered if it could be someone else.
Pierce didn’t expect that she would be that straightforward. A moment later, he crossed his arms and shook his head. “I can’t tell you that. Anyway, you’ll get the answer one day. For now, you may go back and wait for the announcement.” 
Seeing how resolute he was, Megan knew that she wouldn’t be able to persuade him no matter how hard she tried. 
She couldn’t help but let out a helpless sigh. Must I ask Jake directly? Is it the only way to know the truth? 
Megan was partially delighted but upset as well. As she exited the audition room, her troubled look made Donna’s heart sink. 
Donna came up to her anxiously and asked, “What’s wrong? Did you fail the audition?” 
She didn’t know that Megan wasn’t troubled by the results. As such, she chose her words wisely and carefully to avoid hurting Megan. 
“Huh? What did you say?” Megan was in a daze for a while before realizing that she was already standing outside the audition room. After looking around, she recalled that Donna seemed to have asked her some questions. 
“I’m talking about the audition. Do you think that you’ve failed to secure a role?” 
Donna was apparently dissatisfied with Megan’s slow response. As she was nervous to know the results, she couldn’t understand why Megan was acting as if nothing happened. 
After sitting down on one of the chairs, Megan blinked and shook her head. “Nope. The director said so himself that he’ll choose me if there’s no better candidate.”
Donna’s widened in disbelief upon hearing that. This is a TV series with a huge production budget, yet she has been selected right after her first audition? I don’t think anyone will believe it even if I tell them! 
“Megan, I knew you can do it!” Feeling even more elated than Megan, Donna exclaimed, “This is awesome! I’ll treat you to dinner tonight!” 
Although Megan didn’t wish to dash Donna’s hope, she thought Donna ought not to be overconfident. Given that the previous female lead hadn’t shown up yet, Megan had a feeling that the director would want them to compete with one another. 
“Let’s just wait until the role’s been confirmed to have that dinner. After all, Mr. Hughes didn’t ask me to sign the contract on the spot. There are still many uncertainties, and we should wait patiently.” 
Donna’s excitement faded away right after Megan finished. She put down the wine glass and murmured to herself, ”I guess Mr. Hughes did it only to make sure Megan would clear her calendar for the TV series.”
###Chapter 3350
Chapter 3350 Blaming God 
“That man is indeed devious!” Donna commented without reserve. 
Megan turned around and covered her mouth to stifle her chuckles. She didn’t respond and simply held Donna’s hand to go home. 
Before arriving at the stairs, they saw a man and a woman tugging at each other, probably arguing about something. 
As Megan didn’t want to be a busybody, she merely glanced at them for a second before leaving. After all, it was none of her business. 
Coincidentally, she happened to gaze at the woman’s face the moment she wanted to walk past them. She instantly recognized the woman as Melissa. 
What are they doing here? 
Megan was bewildered. She quickly grabbed Donna’s arm and hid somewhere to eavesdrop on their conversation. 
“Why did you lie to me? You promised that you’ll get me a role in The Royal Wife after I sleep with you for one night!” 
Melissa grabbed the man’s arms tightly and cried her eyes out. As the stairway was dimly lit, the light reflected on her pale face made her look like a ghost. 
Although the man tried hard to break free from her, she apparently didn’t wish to let go. Instead, she grabbed his arms tighter while her face distorted in agony.
“Why don’t you read the bad reviews about yourself? Besides, I’m not the director, do you really think I can get you the role?” There were already some scratches on the man’s arms as Melissa tightened her grip. Megan watched on as the pair continued to argue going upstairs. 
Just when Megan wanted to drag Donna to follow the pair, the man suddenly struggled frantically to break free from Melissa’s grip. 
Melissa, being already weak from weeping and tugging at him for quite some time, did not expect his sudden movement. The next moment, she was pushed down the stairs. 
Megan nearly jumped out of her skin. After all, she never wished for Melissa to die no matter how much she hated the latter. Besides, the grudge that she held against Melissa was different than that of Mia. 
Seeing Melissa rolling down the steps, Megan panicked and dragged Donna to stop the woman from falling further. 
Melissa, who felt her world spinning the moment she fell, noticed that she finally stopped and was safe now. Nevertheless, she looked disheveled as there were dirt and bruises all over her dress and face. 
“You…” 
Once Melissa looked up and realized that it was Megan, her pale face suddenly turned ferocious. 
She leaned against the wall and glared at Megan fiercely. The next moment, she stretched out her hand to push Megan down the stairs. Fortunately, her evil thought didn’t work because Megan was already mentally prepared for it. 
Megan was rendered speechless, for she didn’t expect that even in her weakened state, Melissa was still adamant about doing evil deeds. She stood closer to Melissa and mocked, “Why are you still acting
like an immature girl? I thought you would behave yourself after going through the ups and downs in life, yet you haven’t improved a bit.” 
Melissa gnashed her teeth when she heard the derision. Her hair was a mess while the makeup on her face was covered by a layer of dust. 
“Megan, who are you to lecture me? Do you think you can be more successful than me if it wasn’t for the fact that something untoward happened?” 
Melissa seemed confident about herself, feeling that she was still as high and mighty as a princess. Apparently, she had no idea that she was no different from an outcast now. 
Megan raised her eyebrows and said in a mocking tone, “I wonder if I should commend or mock you for your confidence. Nonetheless, I’ll be delighted if this is how you keep yourself motivated. I mean, it’s quite enjoyable to watch you live in pain than to die to get rid of your sorrow.” 
“You!” Melissa’s face turned red as fury surged within her. However, the moment she clenched her fists, she felt soreness in every part of her body. 
Deep down, she blamed God for allowing a vixen from the farming village to humiliate her and for her to fall so far from grace that she couldn’t even get a supporting role in any film now.
###Chapter 3351
Chapter 3351 Trending Topic 
Megan could tell that Melissa was resentful but didn’t want to respond to it. In her eyes, Melissa was on par with Mia in terms of acting but less fortunate than her. 
It wasn’t easy to defeat Mia, who was born with a silver spoon in her mouth. Megan was on the same starting line as Mia only after putting in so much effort. 
She gazed at Melissa sympathetically for a moment, feeling that the latter was like the pathetic version of her in her previous life. 
Just when she was about to leave, she suddenly turned around and flashed Melissa a provocative smile. “I would advise you against pinning your hope on The Royal Wife. The director will never accept a tainted actress. By the way, I attended the audition for the female lead just now, and the judges were impressed.” 
Even though Megan spoke softly, Melissa’s heart sank upon hearing every word. She knew that Megan was deliberately adding insult to her injury just like how she did to her before. 
As the tables had turned, Melissa had no choice but to accept that luck wasn’t on her side. Nonetheless, she couldn’t accept that Megan humiliated her. 
Immediately, Melissa sneered and responded harshly, “There’s nothing to be proud of about that. You only got the audition because you landed a rich guy. Besides, the director might not choose you in the end!” 
Megan couldn’t help but think that Melissa’s words made sense. Since it was the first time Megan attended an audition, she thought her success was very much dependent on Jake’s help. However, the fact was that the director was extremely picky about who they chose.
After a while, Megan scoffed and stared at Melissa, who sat on the stairs despondently. Why did I waste my time talking to a loser? I mean, she won’t even understand what I’m talking about. 
“Well, I’ve saved your life today. If you ever regain your fame, don’t forget that I once lend you a hand.” 
Megan left the stairway with the casual joke. As Melissa watched Megan leave, she didn’t look as ferocious but tired and helpless. 
She never expected that Megan would save her when everyone else had severed ties with her. 
Deep down, she admired Megan, for Megan’s life was what she always wished for. Unfortunately, the stranger who doped her ruined her future. 
If time could be rewound, she would definitely pull their mask down to find out who the mastermind was. 
It was late when they left the building. Megan began to check her Twitter in the car as she felt bored. Unexpectedly, she found out that the news about her and Jonas had become the trending topic. 
Feeling rather perplexed, she clicked on the link only to see that it was about the variety show which featured her and Jonas. 
The new season of Love In Progress seemed to have gotten the netizen’s approval and was praised heavily. It was completely different compared to the previous one that got heavily criticized. 
So sweet! I’m a die-hard fan of the on-screen couple now! I might not love them previously, but now I do! Jonas’s such a gentleman! 
They’re showing off! I really hope I can be Megan and snuggle in Jonas’s arms. I’m so envious of them! 
They’re a perfect match. Even more so, they seem to be a couple in real life too.
After scrolling through the comments, Megan felt that the netizens had a cute side to them. It was just that for most of the time, they were still keyboard warriors. 
“What are you reading that got you looking so happy?” Their car had arrived at the house. After opening the car door, Megan flashed Donna a smile and waved the phone at her. 
“I’m reading the netizens’ comments about the new season of Love In Progress. Thanks to our brilliant audience, Jonas and I are on the trending topic because of the show.”
###Chapter 3352
Chapter 3352 Get To The Bottom Of It 
Donna covered her face and chuckled. She had to agree that the sweetness displayed by Megan and Jonas in those lovey-dovey scenes got her senses to overload when she watched the show while Megan was asleep yesterday. 
“You haven’t watched your own variety show, have you? The editor is awesome! He made you into a princess, while Jonas is your perfect prince. It was a sweetness overload!” 
Judging by Donna’s exaggerated expression, Megan was now even more afraid to watch it, for fear that she would get disgusted by herself. 
“That’s enough. You’re thinking too much into it. We’re only pretending to be in love, yet you act like I’m about to get married.” 
Megan waved her hands helplessly, feeling awkward. Since many people said that she and Jonas looked like the perfect match, she was worried that Jake would watch it too and lose his temper. 
Thinking about Jake got her to recall how the director had said that someone recommended her back in the audition room. Although she guessed that it was Jake, she couldn’t have peace of mind without having a confirmed answer. 
As such, she decided to meet Jake and ask him directly. 
“Donna, can you go upstairs first and lend me your car? I want to go see Jake.” 
“Oh?” Donna blinked her eyes, confusion evident on her face. “Why do you want to see him all of a sudden?”
Megan fell silent for a while before she responded, “It’s not a big deal. I just feel a little uneasy whenever I recall what Mr. Hughes said. Even though the judges approved of my acting skills and Mr. Hughes gave me a chance, the one who recommended me was the one who helped get me the opportunity in the first place.” 
“So, you’re going to thank him?” Donna asked, smiling. However, she suddenly recalled the lovey- dovey scenes Megan had with Jonas and felt worried about the possible impacts on Megan’s relationship with Jake. 
“Apart from thanking him, I guess I’ll only feel relieved once I’ve clarified that it was indeed him who recommended me.” Megan blinked at Donna, her lips curled into a smile. 
Jake’s help was crucial to Megan’s journey as an actress. Besides, she knew that he wouldn’t overstep the limits to help her. 
Initially, she felt somehow awkward and embarrassed when Pierce stated that she attended the audition through the back door. However, she didn’t feel that way anymore after Pierce recognized her acting skills. 
Ultimately, Jake didn’t prearrange anything to obtain a role for Megan forcefully but only pointed the right direction for her to strive toward success. 
Hence, she would feel relieved only if she could thank him for all of his assistance and support. 
Donna was rendered speechless upon hearing that. After glancing at Megan, she gave her the car key and said, “Sure. In my opinion, there’s no need for you to be so courteous with him since you two are like an old married couple by now. But, I know you very well. You’re someone who draws a clear line between love and work.”
After getting the key, Megan raised her brows before kissing Donna’s cheek. Then, she said gleefully, “Haha, you know me best. I have to get going now!” 
“Alright. Take care and drive safe!” 
Donna wiped away the lipstick print on her face and waved at Megan as she left in the car. 
Stopping at a red light, Megan called Jake. However, his secretary picked up the call instead and informed her that Jake was in a meeting. 
Megan was a little shocked. After all, Jake sent her a message this morning, stating that he would go home in the afternoon. I guess he went back to the company because of some business affairs, huh. 
She had no choice but to turn around and drive toward Sky Entertainment. 
On the way to the company, she kept humming a tune, evidently in a good mood. It was the first time that she went to Sky Entertainment, for she hadn’t even set foot in there in her previous life. 
After more than ten minutes, Megan finally arrived at Sky Entertainment. She couldn’t help but feel that the building was way more majestic and impressive than Starling Media. I reckon even the building of Sky Entertainment itself is worth more than a hundred billion. I wonder how much is the Wilson family’s wealth actually worth?
###Chapter 3353
Chapter 3353 Which Floor 
The rich and powerful world has nothing to do with me. Megan shook her head and realized it was a waste of time to dwell on it. She stopped thinking about it and stepped into the lobby. 
The lobby of Sky Entertainment was as huge as a soccer field. Megan was slightly speechless at the sight that greeted her. She couldn’t be bothered to give Jake a call, so she walked ahead for a while before she finally arrived at the reception. 
“Can I know which floor is the president’s office on?” Megan asked politely. 
To disguise herself, she put on a broad hat and a pair of shades. 
Yet, the three receptionists carried on with their work and ignored her. 
Megan thought little about it as they might be really busy. She stood aside and waited for a while. Shortly after, one receptionist stopped typing on her laptop and started chatting with the person next to her. 
It belatedly dawned on Megan that the three were ignoring her on purpose. Are they being rude? 
Her expression froze as she raised her voice. “Hey! Did you just pretend not to see me?” 
Upon hearing her protest, the receptionists rolled their eyes. The one standing in the middle scanned Megan’s disguise and frowned unhappily. “Why are you so annoying? Every day, we receive a lot of women who demand to see Mr. Wilson. No matter what they look like, they were all deluding themselves.” 
She added, “Isn’t it clear from our reaction? Mr. Wilson won’t see any female strangers. You don’t have an appointment, right? Please leave now.”
Megan could understand the receptionists’ hostility, but her interest was piqued. Are there seriously women who would come to meet other men for no reason? 
Instantly, a chill traveled down Megan’s spine as it occurred to her how other women would be envious of her for she had grabbed Jake’s hand. 
There was no need to trouble the receptionists. Megan let out a sigh and removed her shades so she could give Jake a call. 
The moment she took off her shades, the three receptionists froze in their tracks. They rushed forward and came to a stop in front of Megan and scanned her excitedly. 
“Wow! Are you Megan Rockford?” 
Shocked by their sudden enthusiasm, Megan clutched her phone and nodded stiffly. She blinked a couple of times as she tried to figure out what was going on. 
“We’ve watched your variety show with Jonas Wulff. It was really sweet!” 
“Are you a couple in real life? I adored your role in Transcendent!” 
“Hey Megan, can I take a photo with you? You look prettier in real life!” 
The three women rambled on incessantly as they lavished praises on her. Megan could feel her smile stiffening as people started staring in their direction. 
Luckily, as this was an entertainment company, the others would only request for her autograph or a selfie together instead of bombarding her with questions. 
“Excuse me, can you please pause for a second? Autographs and selfies are alright, but I won’t answer any question.”
Megan made herself clear, so the receptionists immediately stopped talking. They exchanged glances before whipping out notepads and handing them to Megan happily. 
“Okay. Thank you for your autograph.” 
The abrupt change in their attitudes and voices took Megan by surprise. They could be talented actresses like me. 
After signing her names on the notepads, Megan held them tightly as a playful smirk played on her lips. “Tell me which floor is your president’s office on. I need to talk to him. Otherwise, your notepads will belong to me.” 
The three ladies were taken aback by her move. One of them studied Megan carefully before stammering, “W-Well, we can’t tell you where it is. If you don’t have an appointment, we can’t inform him of your arrival.”
###Chapter 3354
Chapter 3354 Is Megan Someone Important 
Seeing how stumped they were, Megan shrugged in resignation. She had no intention to put them in a tight spot. It was just a harmless joke. 
Handing the notepads to one of the girls, she shook her head and chuckled lightly. “It’s alright. I was just joking around. Looks like I’ll need to give your boss a call.” She sighed and added, “I thought I could head up after getting to know where his office is.” 
Megan had no choice but to pull her phone out. She was about to call Jake when his secretary appeared. 
The secretary was clearly stunned to see her. He scurried over to Megan and stopped upon seeing the three receptionists surrounding Megan. “Why didn’t you call? Are you chatting with the receptionists?” he questioned. 
Megan pursed her lips awkwardly, at a loss for words. 
“Err, it’s nothing. Let’s go.” 
It was too long an explanation, so she hurriedly urged the secretary to lead her out of the lobby. 
The receptionists watched in surprise as Jake’s secretary led Megan toward the elevator. Normally, the secretary would only head down to welcome VIPs. 
Is Megan someone important, too? 
Megan followed Jake’s secretary to his office, which was empty. There were rows of files lined up against both walls in the office.
“Please wait here. Mr. Wilson is still in a meeting. It might take…” 
The secretary was explaining things to Megan when the door opened, cutting her explanation short. It was Jake, clad in a striped suit. 
As he strode in, the secretary went over and greeted him politely. “Mr. Wilson.” He also took the stuff in his arms from him. 
Megan stood up to welcome him. She noticed how pale his face was and frowned thoughtfully. 
“What’s wrong? You don’t look well.” Megan stepped forward in concern. Seeing how pasty his expression was, she bit back her words and studied him carefully. Is he sick? 
“I’m fine.” Jake shook his head and gestured for his secretary to leave. He pulled himself together before turning to meet Megan’s gaze. 
“Stop acting tough. This isn’t your usual self,” said Megan with her brows knitted together. She stood on her tiptoes and touched his forehead. To her surprise, his skin was burning. 
She immediately brought Jake to the couch grimly. There was no time to yell at him, so she poured a glass of warm water for him hastily. 
“Don’t you know you’re running a fever?” 
Megan helped Jake up so he could lean on her shoulder. She brought the glass to his lips as her heart clenched anxiously. 
“Of course I know I have a fever.” 
Jake took a few sips of the water and lay down in her lap. He might be ill, but the annoying side in him still remained.
Megan rolled her eyes in exasperation. She parted her lips to reprimand him, but the sight of the cold sweat on his forehead stopped her. His gaze also seemed gloomy. 
At once, her heart jumped to her throat as she scrunched up her brows. 
Taking pills won’t work. He needs to take a shot at the hospital. 
“You’re terribly ill. Let’s go to the hospital.” 
Jake was obviously distraught, so Megan couldn’t help but feel sorry for him. 
She made up her mind and struggled to help Jake up. However, he was too heavy and flopped back on her lap. 
Disturbed by her actions, Jake frowned in displeasure and forced himself to open his eyes. He then flung an arm around her neck and brought her nearer to him. 
Megan lurched forward due to the sudden force as her eyes parted in shock. They locked gazes, seemingly about to kiss any minute.
###Chapter 3355
Chapter 3355 You Need To Rest 
Megan couldn’t figure out what Jake was trying to do. As the light cast a shadow on his lips, she noticed the exhaustion radiating from his gaze. 
“No, I won’t go. I have a meeting later. Let me take a short nap,” he rasped out tiredly. 
His voice was hoarse as though he was a parched traveler in the desert. 
He’s so ill. Why is that meeting still on his mind? 
Megan didn’t voice her thought out loud. Touching his heated skin again, she couldn’t bring herself to cave in to his request. 
She insisted, “If you won’t go to the hospital, I’ll buy some medicine for you. You must rest this afternoon.” 
Her tone left no room for negotiation. Jake lay on the couch with his eyes closed and brows twitching. He was too tired to argue with her. 
It was rare for Megan to show her concern for him. Yet, the next meeting was extremely important for him to not skip. Even if he didn’t want to attend it, he had no choice. 
Megan took his silence as consent. She was about to move Jake away from her lap, but the man refused to budge. 
“Why won’t you let me leave?” she demanded irritatedly. She was furious, but she had no avenue to vent her frustration. 
He’s about to faint. Where did he get the energy to trap me here?
Is that meeting more important than his life? 
Hearing the displeasure in her voice, Jake opened one eye to peek at her. 
His cheeks were flushed, and the sweat caused his fringe to stick limply to his forehead. The discomfort he felt was too unbearable, so he didn’t have the energy to mind Megan’s feelings. 
Weakly, he muttered, “Flu medicine can cause drowsiness. I have a meeting later, so I can’t take it.” 
Megan dismissed his excuse swiftly. Does he think I can’t leave to buy medicine if he won’t let me leave? 
Jake doesn’t know I saved his secretary’s phone number when we were on our way up. As long as I send him a text, he’ll buy the meds for me! 
At that thought, Megan gave up trying to leave and whipped her phone out to text Jake’s secretary. She requested for him to buy both fever and flu medicine. 
She refused to allow Jake to get his way that day. 
Jake cracked his eyes open a little to look at Megan. Why did she stop struggling suddenly? Did she give up already? 
Doubt swirled around Jake’s heart, but it was good news for him. He shut up and rest peacefully without asking any questions. 
Silence ensued in the office. A few minutes later, the brown door was pushed open. Megan craned her neck and spotted the secretary coming in with the medicine. 
“Ms. Rockford, here’s the medicine you asked for.”
The secretary shut the door behind him and went to Megan with the medicine in his hands. He peeked at Jake on the couch stealthily in amazement. I’ve never seen Mr. Wilson in such a fragile state. 
Megan checked the contents of the bag. Besides the medicine she requested, the secretary also bought a few other varieties. She thanked him profusely before asking him to pour another glass of hot water. 
Jake’s temperature was increasing by the minute. He lay in Megan’s lap in a muddled confusion as faint voices rang next to his ear. He wanted to open his eyes, but his eyelids were too heavy. 
“W-Who’s here?” 
The short question caused his throat to flare up in pain. Jake frowned as he felt a deep ache within his bones. He was clearly on the brink of collapsing. Still, he gritted his teeth and held on. 
Megan wiped away the sweat on his brow and let out a sigh. She prepared the medicine and held them in her palm. 
“Hurry, take the medicine. You’ll die if you refuse to take it.” 
When her palm that was filled with pills reached Jake’s lips, he caught a whiff of the medicine and turned his head instinctively. 
“No,” came his curt rejection. 
He didn’t even give Megan a chance to stuff the pills into his mouth.
###Chapter 3356
Chapter 3356 With A Kiss 
Megan grew increasingly frustrated at Jake’s continuous rejections. She clenched her teeth angrily as Jake wasn’t appreciative of her care. 
I would’ve dumped the pills and left if I were upset. Jake’s in his twenties. Why does he need someone to persuade him to take medicine? 
Megan wondered why the meeting was so important to him. She shook her head to dismiss that thought. After all, she would leave once Jake take the medicine. 
Staring at the pills in her palms, she racked her brains to figure out a way so he’d take it. Suddenly, a brilliant idea occurred to her. 
Megan took the glass of water, the gloom on her face all gone. She arched a brow before pouring the pills into her mouth in one go. 
Since he refuses to take the pills, I shall force him to take them. 
She was beaming in delight as she grabbed Jake’s chin and pressed her lips to his deftly. Then, she held his throat up to force him to swallow the contents. 
Her action took Jake by surprise. He sat up and coughed violently until tears rolled down his cheeks. 
He stared at Megan in disbelief as his muddled brain caused him to see double. Gradually, Megan’s face grew blurry. 
He flopped back on the couch and used his arm to shield his eyes from the light. “I said I won’t take the medicine,” he uttered weakly.
Megan ignored him and retorted icily, “You have no choice. I’m a kind person. There’s no way I’ll stand by idly as you die in front of my eyes.” 
Her concern was long gone after he rejected her repeatedly. 
He’d rather die than take the medicine, she huffed silently. 
Jake could sense anger radiating off Megan’s being. He tugged her wrist carefully, unlike the aloof man he used to be. 
Megan packed up the remaining medicine and turned at her shoulder. Upon seeing his ghastly white complexion, her fury faded away. 
He was ill, and Megan wasn’t really mad. She was just slightly impatient at his refusal to cooperate. 
Sighing, she held his hand and squatted beside the couch to dry his forehead cautiously. 
As Megan glanced at the pores on his face, she uttered softly, “Don’t be stubborn. You’ve already taken the meds, so it’s time to have a good rest. I’ll ask your secretary to reschedule it. If it isn’t possible, you can do a video conference.” 
Jake’s eyes were half-closed as he tried to take in what she was saying, but the exhaustion washed over him, and he slowly lost consciousness. 
Seeing that he was finally falling asleep, Megan breathed a sigh of relief. She was about to pry his hand off her wrist carefully when Jake tightened his grip. 
Stunned, Megan looked up and realized Jake was staring at her, his amber pupils glinting like a black cat at night. 
“Sleep with me.”
He was drifting asleep when Megan’s movement woke him up. In this huge office, without Megan’s scent around, he would be plagued with nightmares. 
Hence, he jolted awake by reflex before grabbing her hands instinctively. 
“Sleep with you? But we’re in your office. What’s the matter with you? Can’t you sleep alone?” 
Megan was rendered speechless by his request. We’re not at his house. What if someone else catches us in the act? 
Jake merely lowered his gaze and shut his eyes without showing any trace of emotion.
###Chapter 3357
Chapter 3357 Falling Asleep 
Jake’s mind was too befuddled for him to ponder about the meaning behind her words. After stating his request, he clutched Megan’s hands tightly before closing his eyes and fell into a deep slumber. 
A still squatting Megan grimaced when she saw how easily he fell asleep. There was a hint of exasperation in her face that was contorted in anger. 
By now, she had realized how willful and whiny Jake was when he was ill. Alas, she was a sucker for that. Seeing how weak he was, she couldn’t bring herself to yell at him even though it was unbearable. 
As she couldn’t leave, she sat down calmly and started scrolling on her phone by his side. 
After some time, the sky gradually turned dark outside. Occasional footsteps sounded outside the office, so Megan glanced at her watch and realized it was time for the employees at Sky Entertainment to get off work. 
She pocketed her phone. Her hand that was gripped by Jake was numb by now. Megan glanced at the sleeping man, who looked like an innocent angel, his long lashes casting a shadow underneath his eyes. 
Looks like he won’t wake up for now. Megan pouted unhappily and began poking his cheek, bored out of her mind. She scanned his sculpted features and mused silently, He’s perfect. God must’ve favored him a lot to allow him to be born in this world. 
Unlike me, who was abandoned by God in my past life. 
Megan was lost in her thoughts and didn’t even realize the man had already woken up. 
“What are you thinking about?”
Jake seemed a little worn out, but he was faring much better now. 
When he opened his eyes to see Megan staring at him, her thoughts obviously somewhere else, he reached out to pinch her fluffy cheek. 
“Mm?” Megan blinked and snapped out of her reverie. Oh? He’s awake? 
She heaved a sigh of relief, for she could finally free herself from his grasp. Feeling the numbness in her arm, she let out a wail. “Ah, you’re finally awake. People are getting off work. If you wake up any later, I would’ve missed dinner.” 
Jake glanced out the window and sat up as he massaged his temples. He still felt a little drowsy, but he was already feeling much better. 
Megan was massaging her shoulder, so Jake took her arm and kneaded her shoulders slowly. Exhaustion shone in his gaze as he said, “Let’s have dinner together. By the way, why did you come to my company today? You were usually afraid of others mistaking our relationship.” 
Megan flashed an embarrassed smile as she studied his expression. 
After a brief hesitation, she revealed her reason for coming here. “I’m here to ask about the casting for The Royal Wife. During the audition, the director said my resume was handed to him at the very last minute. I was thinking it was you who did that.” 
Jake glanced at her and pursed his lips before answering, “Yep, that was me. I only recommended your name so you’d get to attend the audition, but it’s up to you whether you get picked or not. Why? Are you here to blame me?” 
Megan listened to his explanation patiently and shook her head. She wasn’t thinking of blaming him.
Pouting, she replied, “Why would I blame you? I should thank you instead. Without your recommendation, I wouldn’t even get to attend the audition. Besides, the director promised to pick me if he can’t find a more suitable candidate.” 
Jake raised his brow upon hearing her answer. With a light chuckle, he said, “You’re such an unpredictable person. Does that mean you have a fifty percent chance of being selected as the female lead? Should I congratulate you in advance?”
###Chapter 3358
Chapter 3358 First Female Lead Role 
Megan nodded, excitement gleaming in her gaze. She declared smugly, “If I get selected, it will be my first female lead role. But there are still other skillful actresses out there. At least I have a huge chance of landing the role.” 
She knew her place, for the actress chosen for the lead role in The Royal Wife in her past life was professional and exceptional. 
Jake noticed her pensive look and tapped his fingers against the couch in an awkward manner. 
She won’t let me help her. If she’s like the others who pester me to achieve success, she would’ve received plenty of jobs now. 
Never mind. I should stop thinking about that. Otherwise, my illness will return. 
Jake changed the subject abruptly. “Even if you didn’t come today, I’d go to you soon.” 
Megan froze and blurted out, “Why would you come to me?” 
Jake’s gaze darkened as his voice grew solemn. “You mentioned Herman Clear previously. I remember he was just an unpopular celebrity. Recently, when I went to meet up with a friend for work, I found out he’s working for my friend.” 
“What?” 
Megan’s expression stiffened as though she had no idea what he was talking about. 
Did Herman go to Jake’s friend after his fallout with Mia? 
I don’t think Herman’s working for his friend. He’s spouting nonsense.
Megan’s expression grew solemn as uneasiness crept up her heart. Jake was her enemy in her past life, so he could send her to hell any minute. Her tingling instincts told her danger was coming. 
Turning over, she knitted her brows and asked, “Did you guys talk a lot?” 
Jake took in Megan’s somber expression. He pondered for a while before nodding. “Yes. At least I remember him now.” 
Megan shuddered involuntarily with an explosion of goosebumps all over her body. She might be the only one who knew how terrifying Jake’s words were. 
Could Jake be the Mr. Wilson that Herman kept talking about? 
Megan refused to believe it. It was a huge blow to her. 
She lowered her gaze and clasped her hands to suppress her emotions. Jake was watching her closely. 
He couldn’t understand why she suddenly grew nervous. “Are you upset by the fact that I know Herman Clear?” 
Megan’s shoulders trembled as she turned over to meet his gaze. The concern on her face was evident as she replied, “No. It’s fine for you to know him.” 
“You’re still lying,” Jake remarked as displeasure flitted across his face. Clearly, something about Herman was bothering Megan. 
Jake knows something’s wrong. I can’t say anything as this concerns my life. I need to keep this a secret. 
If I reveal it to someone, my fate might change.
She averted her gaze and muttered, “I’m sorry. Just pretend you didn’t see that.” 
After spending time with Megan, Jake knew how stubborn she could be. Even if he forced her to spill everything right now, she wouldn’t abide by his command. 
The more he thought about it, the more uncomfortable he felt. He could only resort to excuses to distract himself. 
“Alright. I will pretend I didn’t see that so you can stand your ground,” Jake responded sternly as his expression clouded over. 
“This is between you and him. It has nothing to do with me.” 
Megan dissociated herself hastily. Initially, she wanted to confirm the matter, but she was now overwhelmed with terror. She had no idea how to balance the love and fear in her heart.
###Chapter 3359
Chapter 3359 Stay Away From Him 
Right now, Megan felt like she was treading on a field of daggers, at risk of losing her life anytime. 
Seeing that she wasn’t going to reveal anything, Jake couldn’t stop the discomfort from spreading across his heart. “Alright, I get what you mean. I thought you were keeping something from me, so I was reconsidering the business deal. Looks like I read too much into it.” 
Megan bit her lip and fell silent. After a brief silence, she looked up. “If possible, stay away from him. I can’t tell you the reason now.” 
Jake frowned and stared at the woman in front of him. She was gazing at him pleadingly, the conflict in her gaze evident. Her eyes were gloomy like pearls with a thin layer of dust over them. 
Something tugged at his heartstrings when he realized Megan’s secret was worse than he thought. She’s just a woman from the countryside. So why did it seem like she’s shrouded in mysteries? 
Jake couldn’t figure that out, but he knew she wouldn’t say anything. He gave up on trying to force an answer out of her and fell silent. 
After a long time, Jake finally broke the silence. 
“Never mind about that. Here, this is for you. I thought of going to your house so I can give this to you, but you showed up at my office.” 
Megan stared at the box in Jake’s hands doubtfully, for she had no idea what was inside. 
“What’s inside?” 
“You’ll know when you open it.”
Jake stuffed the box into Megan’s arms. After blinking in confusion, Megan lifted the cover carefully. 
There were a few thick SAT textbooks laying inside. Megan did a double-take at the sight of them. 
“Huh?” 
Seeing her puzzled expression, Jake finally felt better. He arched his brow and explained, “You said you want to go to college, right? I’ve registered your name at Boxford College. All that’s left to do is for you to study hard. Whether you pass the test or not is up to you.” 
There was a tinge of anticipation in his provoking tone. Megan gripped the box, feeling touched beyond words. 
People rarely cared about this dream of hers. Just like the netizens, they couldn’t understand why. Some would even ridicule her for the fact that she didn’t even get to graduate from high school. 
Megan had always dreamed of entering a proper college to improve herself. That was the only way for her to fulfill her dream. 
Jake was the first person who gifted the textbooks to her. He was also the first person who took her dream seriously. 
“I… Thank you.” 
The tears threatened to spill out of Megan’s eyes. She held back her emotions and mumbled a curt thank you. 
She was clearly overwhelmed by his gift, so Jake wrapped an arm around her shoulder to comfort her. It isn’t easy for her to leave her village and work hard to achieve what she has today.
Her intelligence and strong will were the qualities that he deeply admired. Yet, he didn’t expect she would be moved to tears when he gifted her a few books. 
While comforting the woman in his arms, Jake let out a sigh. Perhaps her insistence on getting what she wants is why her heart wavered. 
“Don’t be sad. You should study diligently and pass the entrance exams. Let bygones be bygones.” 
Megan hugged the books tightly and nodded profusely. Jake had given her a chance, and there was no way she would let it go to waste. 
Shortly after, they got ready to leave the office to go to dinner. Suddenly, Jake’s phone rang. Megan overheard bits of his conversation aside.
###Chapter 3360
Chapter 3360 Running Into Herman 
“Mr. Wilson, they are still waiting for you in the meeting room. They want to know if it’s still on.” 
Megan was astounded to hear that. What the heck? Did they wait for that long? 
Her astonished gaze landed on Jake, who was unfazed as though this was a normal occurrence here. 
“Got it, I’m coming over now.” 
Jake shot Megan an apologetic look as he hung up. “I’m sorry. I forgot I still have to attend a meeting. Will you wait for me? Or do you want to have dinner without me?” 
Megan hid her surprise and answered, “I’ll go home first, then. The books are too heavy, so I’ll leave them here. Bring them back for me later.” 
“Alright.” 
As Megan strolled out of his office, she couldn’t help but lament how dedicated his employees were. She thought the meeting would’ve ended by now, but everyone was waiting for Jake to wake up. If it were her, she would’ve burst out indignantly having to wait that long. 
Megan’s stomach was grumbling when she exited Sky Entertainment’s building. She was strolling on the street while figuring out what to have for dinner when a car rolled to a stop by her side. 
Startled, Megan stepped backward warily as her sixth sense told her it was time to leave. 
She was about to dash off when the car door swung open, and a pair of exquisite leather shoes came into view. 
A voice dripping with sarcasm rang out. “Megan Rockford, long time no see.”
Looking up, Megan saw Herman leering at her lecherously. 
She endured the disgust rising in her and gave him an icy glare. “What do you want? Shouldn’t you be with Mia now?” 
Upon hearing Mia’s name, Herman’s expression fell instantly. He gritted his teeth and growled, “D*mn you, woman. If you hadn’t set me up in Lostaria, I wouldn’t be in this state right now! Mia wouldn’t have dumped me!” 
Anyone who was still sane wouldn’t have stayed with Herman after witnessing what happened that day. Looks like Mia is still rational. I was tricked by him in my past life. Even if I realized what was going on, I still trusted him like a fool. 
“Ha!” Megan let out a snort as she recalled what happened in the past. 
Herman thought she was mocking him, so he dashed over to her as his fury sprang to life. 
“How dare you laugh at me, Megan? Do you have a death wish?” he roared. 
Hearing his threat, Megan snapped back to reality and stepped aside hurriedly. She stuck her chin up and declared, “What? Are you trying to kill me in broad daylight?” 
Herman hesitated for a brief while before something seemed to strike him. He let out a sneer, “Megan, even if you have Jake, that doesn’t mean you can get your way. I’ll make sure you pay for setting me up!” 
Seeing how contorted Herman’s face was, Megan didn’t know what to say. I must be blind in my past life. This is his true colors.
Pursing her lips, she shot daggers at Herman. “You’re smarter than I think. Can’t you put yourself in my shoes? Why didn’t you say that when you and Mia worked together to harm me?” 
She added, “Besides, I wasn’t trying to set you up. You started gambling after I provoked you. Clearly, you’re greedy and terrible.” 
Megan’s remark nearly caused Herman to suffocate from his fury. He ran a hand through his hair in irritation, tamping down the urge to kill her on the spot. 
Pointing at her, he announced angrily, “How dare you deny it? It’s all your fault!” 
Megan’s words registered in his brain right after he blurted his words in a fit of anger. Wait. Did she say I worked together with Mia to harm her?
###Chapter 3361
Chapter 3361 Herman And Mia 
Herman’s lips parted in shock. How did Megan find out about this? Was she right behind me when I made that phone call? 
No wonder she seemed distracted when we had that meal together. Turns out she knew about us. 
As Herman recalled what happened back then, he was certain Megan was at the restaurant before he arrived. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have been able to overhear his phone conversation without alerting him. 
She had her guard up from the very beginning. 
“Y-You know about Mia and me from the very beginning?” Herman recollected himself and frowned calmly. He’s right. She is no ordinary woman. 
Megan glanced at him indifferently. “What do you think? I know everything about you and Mia. As for how… Remember how I took your phone when I helped you to borrow some money? I went through your call records back then.” 
She scoffed. “You were so engrossed in losing and didn’t even realize what I was doing. When you returned to the country and came to me, I deliberately directed you to Mia because I knew about your relationship. Alas, you foolishly thought I was concerned about you.” 
Without giving a damn about Herman’s feelings, Megan revealed the truth harshly. It was extremely satisfying to see the color draining out of Herman’s face as he gazed at her in disbelief with his shoulders slumped in defeat. 
In her past life, Herman was the winner, so she was determined to make him lose in this lifetime.
Megan’s hostile gaze shocked Herman into silence. He couldn’t understand why Megan resented him the very first time they met. 
Perhaps they were meant to be rivals. 
Herman composed himself as his gaze darkened. He knitted his brows and scanned Megan carefully before clenching his fists. 
“Looks like you’re pretty full of yourself. Alright, since you admitted it without hesitation, I’ll admit defeat. I need you to come with me for another matter, though.” 
With that, Herman took two steps forward as his expression turned grim. 
Megan’s heart skipped a beat as she stepped back nervously. Her instincts told her that something bad was about to happen. 
“What do you think you’re doing?” she hissed. 
We are right in front of Sky Entertainment. Isn’t Herman afraid of Jake? 
Megan’s mind was abuzz with thoughts. Suddenly, Herman stretched a hand out to grab Megan’s arm. At once, Megan snapped back to reality as fear crept up her face. She tried hard to tamp down her horror and glared at the man. 
“Let go! Are you going to kidnap me? Don’t forget where we are now!” 
In usual circumstances, she would try her best to avoid mentioning her relationship with Jake. However, right now, she couldn’t care less as she wanted to scare Herman away. 
Herman ignored her reminder and snickered smugly. He dragged her toward the direction of his car.
“Even if Hades comes after me, you still need to come with me!” 
“Let me go!” 
Alas, Megan was no match for the man. No matter how much she struggled, Herman’s grip on her arm didn’t budge an inch. 
What should I do? That was the only thought in Megan’s mind. 
They were beside a bustling street, but the passers-by ignored them and didn’t even spare them a glance. Megan slowly lost the energy to resist. Her heart sank into despair. 
Still, she wasn’t one who’d give up easily. The despair in her heart was swiftly replaced by determination.
###Chapter 3362
Chapter 3362 Refuse To Give Up 
I will win, so I won’t give up now. 
A determined look appeared in Megan’s gaze as she suddenly stopped in her tracks with a strength that she didn’t even know she had. Her eyes reddened from the force she exerted. 
“Let go!” 
Megan flung Herman’s arm away forcefully and gave him a kick before she turned to escape. 
Gasping in pain, Herman released his grip on Megan’s hand. He hastily avoided Megan’s kick to see her running away. 
He immediately realized what was going on and took a few strides to grab her again. 
“You little b*tch! Where are you going?” 
Megan had hardly taken a few steps on her heels before Herman managed to capture her again. Her heart sank as she realized she would most probably be abducted by Herman. 
Refusing to cave in, she racked her brains for a solution to her predicament. She wanted to escape from his clutches as soon as possible. The longer it dragged on, the more unfavorable the situation would be for her. 
Suddenly, an idea popped into Megan’s mind. She calmed herself down and allowed Herman to drag her along quietly. Her free hand clasped her chest as she came to a squat on the ground. 
“It hurts…” Megan moaned, her expression contorted in agony. She started heaving as her face turned ghastly white.
Herman turned at his shoulder. He noticed how uncomfortable she was, but clearly, her condition didn’t matter to him. 
He gave her a kick, but she showed no signs of moving and remained squatted on the ground. 
Does her stomach hurt? 
Herman grew suspicious, but he couldn’t bring himself to holler at her in this situation. He got down on one knee and lowered his head to see if Megan was indeed in pain. 
The moment he lowered his dead, Megan prepared to attack him. 
As her gaze narrowed viciously like a wolf going after its prey, she banged her head against Herman’s with all her might. 
“Ah!” 
Herman let out a scream. He knew she would try to retaliate, but her forceful attack still took him by surprise. 
He toppled backward like an iron ball being flung out. The pain shooting up his spine caused him to grimace. As he landed on the ground, his mind spun and he got dizzy at once. 
Megan’s temples were throbbing, but she dared not stay and dashed toward the corner of the street. 
Wait. If I run now, Herman might catch up to me in no time. I should knock him out now. 
She came to a stop and shot an icy glare at the man who was trying to get up from the ground. 
Is he still trying to abduct me? She scoffed and dashed to Herman deftly before giving him another kick. As he collapsed onto the ground, she kicked his groin without hesitation.
“Wait… Ah!” 
Herman’s brain was still fuzzy as he stood up to try to go after her. He didn’t even realize she was standing beside him. Before he could finish his sentence, a forceful kick landed on his groin. 
Letting out an agonizing shriek, the remaining energy in him faded away. 
“This is a warning not to offend women!” 
Megan was pleased to see Herman rolling on the ground in pain. She wanted to continue kicking him, but his accomplice might be somewhere near. 
There is no hurry. I can take revenge on Herman anytime. 
At that thought, Megan spun on her heels and left. She had just advanced a few steps when a few coughs sounded from the car Herman alighted from earlier. 
Is someone inside? 
Megan shuddered involuntarily and scurried away as Herman’s accomplice might come after her anytime. 
Two blocks away, she came to a stop and entered a bookstore. Carefully, she peeked out of the bookstore and made sure the car didn’t come after her before heaving a sigh of relief. 
Her heart was still pounding from the near-death experience. Who is that person in Herman’s car? The weak coughs seemed to have come from a woman. 
Jake told me Herman is working for a friend of his. The person in the car is most probably Herman’s new employer, then.
###Chapter 3363
Chapter 3363 Chance Encounter 
Megan heaved a sigh of relief upon that thought. At least it had been proven that Herman wouldn’t be taking her out under Jake’s instructions for now, but no one knows what the future holds. 
In any case, the most crucial matter for her right now was to find out who that person was. 
Megan was lost in thought as she held onto a book and leaned against the wall. She jumped in fright, dropping the book when someone suddenly patted her shoulder. 
“Megan?” 
Only then did Megan realize she was merely wearing a cap for disguise when she heard her name being called. She would have been spotted easily if anyone took a closer look. 
Megan hurriedly pulled her cap down, picked up her book, waved to indicate that she wasn’t Megan, and tried to escape for fear of making a scene. 
“You didn’t even bother to wear a mask. Do you really think I wouldn’t be able to recognize you?” 
However, the man wasn’t planning on letting her off as he tugged the corner of her blouse. Megan finally pulled herself together after being startled by the man. 
Megan pulled back the corner of her blouse; she was about to head to the counter to pay for the book when the man behind rushed up to her. 
Megan raised her head in puzzlement when she saw a pair of leather shoes. Countless possibilities flashed through her mind, but she never expected for it to be Pierce. 
“Mr. Hughes, what are you doing here?” Megan asked in bewilderment.
Pierce waved the book in front of her face and gave her the once over. “Why do you look like you’re hiding from something or someone?” 
Megan grinned, avoided his gaze, and scratched her head awkwardly in response. “No, I’m not. I must’ve looked a little sluggish because I haven’t had lunch yet.” 
Pierce wasn’t buying her excuse. Nevertheless, he didn’t probe any further. 
They walked over to the cashier together as Pierce placed the book on the counter. He suddenly turned to Megan as a thought occurred to him. “I’m saying this in advance, no matter what happened, it mustn’t affect you when you’re filming.” 
Megan was stunned by his words. She quickly came back to her senses and nodded. “Of course, I won’t give you any trouble if you’re willing to work with me.” 
Pierce was well aware of the hidden meaning in her words even though she appeared nonchalant. He paid for the book and swept a glance at Megan. “It’s not up to me to decide. Your acting is good, but there are lots of actresses who are better than you. We would need to screen through them first.” 
Megan had nothing else to say as Pierce cleverly ended the topic. 
She knew he still wasn’t willing to tell her the results of the casting. If so, she wasn’t going to force him to talk. 
Megan was planning to take a cab back as the two of them approached the exit. However, Pierce called out to her once again. 
“What’s the matter?” 
Megan turned around in confusion. She wondered why Pierce was calling out to her.
Pierce tucked the book under his arms as he stood before Megan in all seriousness. 
“I was wondering if you want to have lunch with me since you’re on your own?” 
Megan was stunned at the sudden invitation. She wasn’t in the position to refuse his lunch date, especially when she hadn’t sealed the deal for The Royal Wife yet. 
Megan regained her composure, smiled, and nodded upon that thought. “Sure. I have time for a lunch date with you.” 
Even though she was running out of money, Megan knew there were lots of delicious foods nearby. Just as she was wondering if she had enough money to buy Pierce lunch, he walked into an ordinary restaurant. 
She did a double-take when she raised her head to check the shop’s sign.
###Chapter 3364
Chapter 3364 Beef Noodles 
Who would have thought that Mr. Hughes, one of the top directors in the entertainment industry, would choose to have lunch in such an ordinary restaurant? 
However, Megan realized she had the wrong idea after stepping foot into the restaurant. It looked like everyone in the entertainment industry knew that this is Pierce’s usual lunch spot. 
This is because every single diner had on a mask and a cap. Megan noticed a woman, who was eating noodles with her mask down, was one of the four rising female stars in the industry. 
She stared at Pierce’s figure helplessly but realized he was staring back at her sarcastically. 
She raised her brow in surprise. Pierce looked like he was used to it by now. It must have been the norm for him to be surrounded by people as one of the leading figures in showbiz. 
“Two bowls of beef noodles please.” 
“Coming right up, Mr. Hughes!” 
Pierce ordered beef noodles to eat in calmly even after noticing the situation in the shop. 
Megan felt a little embarrassed after seeing how cool Pierce was about the situation. She ordered a bowl of beef noodles as well after looking through the menu. 
The two of them were about to pay for their meal when the shop owner waved them away. He cooked the noodles and said, “Someone would come along just to pay for your lunch every day. I still owe you a few thousand, so you don’t need to pay for this.”
The shop owner looked like an honest man. Megan was shocked to learn that someone would actually come all the way just to pay for Pierce’s lunch. 
However, she knew that Pierce was so arrogant that he would never let anyone make him feel like he owes them anything. 
Sure enough, Pierce wrinkled his nose in disgust when he heard the shop owner’s words. 
His annoyed voice reverberated throughout the room. “As I said, their money have nothing to do with me. I’m buying lunch for this girl as well. Here’s a total of twenty.” 
With that, Pierce picked up his bowl of beef noodles and sat down. 
Megan dared not interrupt their conversation throughout. She simply picked up her bowl of beef noodles and sat herself down beside him. 
After settling down, Megan breathed a sigh of relief and checked the restaurant out. 
It wasn’t nearly as clean nor beautifully furnished as the other restaurants with only five or six dining tables scattered around. The brightly lit room was the only indication that it was a modern restaurant. 
“Why aren’t you digging in? Do you not like it?” Pierce couldn’t help but ask. He thought Megan didn’t like the food since she was staring blankly into space. 
Megan returned to her senses, shook her head, and was about to dig in when she felt all eyes on her. 
She checked out the people around her out of the corner of her eye as she ate lunch. Some of them looked like they were ready to pounce, whereas others were gritting their teeth; Pierce was their prey. 
Megan took a bite as she wondered who will be the first to strike. Just then, her thoughts were interrupted by the sound of heels.
“Mr. Hughes, I see you’re having lunch here today as well.” 
Only one person came to Megan’s mind as she heard the voice, Jacinta. 
Sure enough, she turned around and saw that it was Jacinta. 
Pierce totally ignored Jacinta as he only had eyes for his beef noodles. Megan turned around and quickly took a few bites. She had a feeling they were going to have a fight in a short while. Hence, it was important for her to fill herself up first.
###Chapter 3365
Chapter 3365 Foolish Jacinta 
“Mr. Hughes, do pay me some attention.” 
Megan finished off her meal by gulping down a mouthful of soup as Jacinta stopped in front of their table. She wiped her mouth with a piece of tissue, feeling content. 
Pierce didn’t plan on paying Jacinta any attention as he turned to look at Megan, then at his own bowl of beef noodles. He couldn’t help but laugh. “Looks like I’m getting old. I would have been able to eat as fast as you if I was your age.” 
“Of course, you must have been very energetic during your younger days.” 
Megan smiled and echoed his sentiment, totally ignoring Jacinta. 
Jacinta widened her eyes in disbelief when she heard Megan’s voice. She had never taken her eyes off of Pierce the moment she stepped foot into the restaurant. Hence, she didn’t realize her rival was sitting right in front of Pierce. 
“Megan, w-why are you here?” Jacinta wanted to curse but stopped herself when she realize most of her acquaintances were also in the restaurant. 
Megan and Pierce gave her a look of disgust upon hearing her words. The atmosphere between them grew tense. 
Megan knew they were going to have a fight the moment Jacinta stepped foot into the restaurant. Sure enough, Jacinta was already picking on her after a brief exchange. 
Anyways, Megan had prepared herself for this.
She glared at Jacinta, lifted her chin and stood up, exuding a dogged air of confidence even though she was slightly shorter than Jacinta. 
“Why? Do you want to sit here? You can have my place if you want.” 
Pierce watched on in silence as tension in the air grew thick. He would have left under normal circumstances, but stayed to watch since it was Megan. 
He had nothing better to do than talk crap to photos anyways. 
Jacinta’s blood boiled upon hearing Megan’s words. She stomped her foot as storms brewed in her eyes. 
She hated people who look down on her most. Jacinta couldn’t help but raise her hand as Megan mocked her. 
“Are you going to hit me?” Megan wasn’t about to get bullied. She sneered coldly and caught Jacinta’s wrist. 
Jacinta couldn’t suppress her anger any longer after being picked on repeatedly by Megan. If not for Pierce and her fellow colleagues in the restaurant, she would have beaten Megan till she begged for mercy. 
Jacinta closed her eyes in an attempt to calm herself down, shoved Megan’s hand away, and turned her attention back to Pierce. 
She shut Megan out, stared at Pierce, and pursed her lips. “Mr. Hughes, I shan’t beat around the bush. You must give me the role of Katherine in The Royal Wife.”
Jacinta was probably the one and only actress who dared ask the director for a role in such a straightforward manner. 
She had yet to wake up to the reality that she wasn’t as popular as she used to be anymore. 
It was Mia’s world now. 
Megan chuckled and shook her head at Jacinta’s ignorance, while Pierce gave her a look and snorted. 
“Why do you think you’re worthy of the role?” 
“I…” 
Jacinta was so used to having her way that she could only bite her lip in response. 
Megan raised her brow, puzzled as to why Jacinta was so keen on taking on Katherine’s role. Based on what she recalled from her past life memories, Katherine was an arrogant but pitiful bully.
###Chapter 3366
Chapter 3366 Exposed 
It was hard to believe Jacinta would want to play the bad guy’s role when she used to insist on playing the role of teenage girls in the past. 
However, on second thought, Megan figured her previous success might have inspired Jacinta to take on the role. After all, Katherine’s character seemed like a good choice for Jacinta who was eager to make a turnaround in her acting career. 
Jacinta stood by their table, looking distressed, after Pierce’s sharp retort. 
Megan watched on as she wondered what kind of response Jacinta would come up with. 
After a long while, Jacinta finally responded. 
“Mr. Hughes, at least I’m better than the woman sitting in front of you in terms of acting and experience. I heard that she’s already been chosen as one of the candidates for the female lead role. Am I not competent enough to play Katherine, who’s just a mere supporting character?” 
Pierce’s face clouded over upon her words. He sneered and gave Jacinta a stern look. 
“Where did you hear that from? What rights do you have to intervene in casting? Moreover, you’re so annoying. What do you mean by a mere supporting character? Talk to me again after reading the novel, okay?” 
Jacinta was utterly humiliated by Pierce’s questions. She gritted her teeth, confused as to why Pierce wouldn’t give her leeway. 
He merely used those pretentious and grandiose words as an excuse to reject her. She thought she already had a good grasp of the character before this.
Jacinta couldn’t suppress her anger any longer upon that thought. She turned around, gave Megan a menacing look, and pointed at her calm and collected face. 
“Mr. Hughes, admit it. You were lying to yourself just now, aren’t you? Do you really think this woman has a firm grasp on Elizabeth’s character? She simply became a candidate for the female lead role because she has the President of Sky Entertainment to back her up.” 
Jacinta backed Megan into a corner with a determined look in her eyes. Everyone else gasped in surprise when they heard the news. 
If this was true, it would mean that there was no longer any director who would cast roles based on the actor’s or actress’s acting skills in showbiz. 
Pierce felt embarrassed as the crowd begin to murmur, while Megan felt that Jacinta just made a stupid move. 
Is she dumb? How dare she talk shit in public? 
The worst thing was, Jacinta had exposed her relationship with Jake. 
Megan finally decided to speak up after seeing Pierce lapse into silence. 
“Well then, would you like to role play right here, right now? Your capabilities must be out of this world for calling me out like that.” 
Megan arched her brows, folded her arms, and brushed off Jacinta’s claims about her relationship with Jake. 
She did it for herself, not for Pierce. For she didn’t want to be considered useless.
Jacinta was about to step up to the challenge when she realized how relaxed Megan’s answer was. She couldn’t help but feel suspicious about their motives. 
Looks like Pierce will be backing Megan up no matter what. She would be losing more than she bargained for if the both of them team up to humiliate her. 
She wanted to reject Megan’s proposal after thinking it through. However, she would be utterly humiliated if she backs out now since she said she was better than Megan. 
Megan’s patience had waned thin as Jacinta struggled to make a decision. “Are you up to the challenge or not? We’ll see who will have the last laugh.” 
After a long silence, Jacinta sneered at the look of confidence on Megan’s face. She’s merely a country bumpkin when I embark on my acting career. What a cow.
###Chapter 3367
Chapter 3367 The Showdown 
Jacinta threw caution to the wind as she flipped her hair and stepped up to the challenge. 
Not only would she act, but also record it to prove the netizens who said she was losing her touch wrong. 
Jacinta paid the restaurant owner enough money to close down for the rest of the day, while the crowd stayed as witnesses to see who the better actress was. 
Pierce, on the other hand, was delighted with how things turned out. Megan had been a big help since he wasn’t good at handling women like Jacinta. 
“I’m surprised you agreed to it. Ok, let’s set the theme for each other and have a five minute impromptu play, what do you think?” 
It sounded more like a statement than a question in Jacinta’s ears, making her upset. 
She badly wanted to say no if possible. 
“Up to you.” Jacinta couldn’t be bothered to be polite as she cursed Megan silently. 
The both of them could never be friends in this lifetime. Megan turned around and gave the question some thought. In the end, she decided on a simple scene. 
“You first. The scene will be having a fight with your boyfriend in college.” Megan purposely gave her an easier topic so that Jacinta wouldn’t be able to deny the results later on because of a difficult topic. 
After all, she’s most certainly going to give me a hard one. My acting skills are way better than hers anyway.
Jacinta was stunned when she heard the topic. She never expected Megan to go so easy on her. 
“Are you looking down on me?” Jacinta met Megan’s crystal clear gaze. 
Megan was getting annoyed with Jacinta’s attitude. Her face darkened and glared at Jacinta, displeased. “If you’re ready, start acting. Or else you automatically lose.” 
Jacinta felt like she had been stabbed in the heart when she heard the word ‘lose’. Her expression turned serious almost immediately after giving Megan a look. 
I mustn’t lose out to this country bumpkin no matter what! 
After having thought out how she would go about it, Jacinta said, “Ok, I’m ready. Let’s start.” 
Megan was looking forward to her performance. 
She leaned against the table with her arms folded and stared at Jacinta. 
Jacinta barely made it through the first part as a college student. She was about to start acting after preparing herself for the emotionally intense scene. 
Megan and Pierce kept their eyes peeled on the subtle change in expressions on Jacinta’s face. Her impromptu lines were still okay, but it was a pity she acted like a shrew rather than a college student who was quarreling with her lover. She didn’t showcase any emotions of pretending not to care when she really did deep down for her boyfriend. 
“Why did you hold her hand? You’re despicable for going behind my back.” 
The awkward lines paired with her acting made the audience feel like they were watching a shrew rather than the everyday life of a bickering couple.
It looked like Jacinta was getting old, for she couldn’t even handle her award-winning roles anymore. In other words, she had lost her touch. It was also why her popularity fell so much over the years. 
“Ok. Stop.” Pierce felt disgusted by her acting. He glared at Jacinta as if blaming her for ruining his appetite. 
However, Jacinta merely felt like her time wasn’t up yet. She collected herself and started to argue with Pierce. “I still have two minutes left, Mr. Hughes. Let me finish.”
###Chapter 3368
Chapter 3368 Mourn 
A few more minutes wouldn’t help with that acting skills of yours. Megan thought to herself. 
She couldn’t help but speak up. “I’ll only act for three minutes as well. That way, it’ll be fair game.” 
Jacinta subconsciously wanted to refuse. However, she couldn’t bring herself to do it after seeing how the audience was displeased with her. 
Am I really that bad? 
Megan and Pierce urged Jacinta to come up with a topic for Megan before she could even make heads or tails of the situation. She gathered her thoughts and stared at Megan. I’m not going to give her an easy topic no matter what. 
A scene popped into her head after giving it some thought. She lifted the corner of her mouth in excitement. 
She swept a glance at Megan and said, “Pretend that you are mourning for your dead lover in ancient times.” 
The crowd was stunned when they heard the note of confidence in Jacinta’s voice, for her topic sounded like a curse to Megan. They thought she should tone it down a little since this was just a friendly match. 
Megan was going all out as she heard the murmurs around her. She wasn’t about to let Jacinta embarrass her in public. 
She was going to prove that she was better than Jacinta in terms of acting and have the last laugh.
Megan could be stubborn as a mule at times. Mourning. Right. I’ll mourn for you, Jacinta. 
Upon that thought, Megan imagined herself to be a man who just lost his beloved wife. Her eyes brimmed with tears and her lips quivered in an attempt to suppress her emotions. 
“Ja, how could you leave me? Is the road to heaven okay?” 
Megan played her character well. Her emotions reached its peak as she imagined Jacinta to be a gravestone. 
She rushed up to hug Jacinta who was still in a trance, hiding the deep and sorrowful emotions below her lashes. 
Nobody asked Megan to stop after three minutes. She took a deep breath, collected herself, and stared at Jacinta in disdain. 
“How was it, Jacinta? How was your road to heaven?” 
Pierce suddenly noticed something different about Megan as she mocked Jacinta. 
Jacinta’s face turned an unbecoming shade of red in anger. She was about to retort when Pierce cut in. 
“Megan, what made you decide to do a reverse role play?” 
Megan gave it some thought and smiled. “Nothing much. I just thought it was easier to express a man’s sorrows as compared to a woman’s.” 
It was easier? Pierce didn’t think so. However, it was entirely up to the actress to bring the character to life. It looked like Megan’s acting style resembles a man more than a woman.
He suddenly looked forward to how Megan would bring Elizabeth to life in The Royal Wife when she was na?ve and full of love. After all, Megan would only need the gentleness of a lady during that part. 
Pierce nodded his head as if he agreed with Megan’s statement. He gave the audience a look and said, “Ok, it’s time to vote.” 
The crowd exchanged looks. They felt like there wasn’t a need to vote anymore since the winner was clearly Megan. 
“Vote? What for? Megan misinterpreted the topic on purpose. It doesn’t count!”
###Chapter 3369
Chapter 3369 A Rare Showdown 
Jacinta gnashed her teeth together, and her blood boiled with anger when she witnessed Megan receiving Pierce’s recognition. 
How can Megan be better than me? She deliberately twisted my words and even called out my name. Damn her! That arrogant and conniving b*tch should just die! 
Pierce had long since grown irritated with the way Jacinta kept prattling non-stop, and the impatience lining his features became all the more prominent. 
He lifted his gaze and looked across the distance. To him, although Jacinta looked exquisite with her flawless makeup, she was nothing but a rabid dog out to bite anyone who passed by. It seemed like she wouldn’t rest until she bit Megan to death. 
“Jacinta, you need to know when to quit. If you don’t even know something so basic, the connections you’ve accumulated in the entertainment industry over the years might very well be destroyed one day.” 
This was Pierce’s heartfelt advice to her, but to Jacinta, it sounded more like he was deliberately humiliating her. 
She balled her fists by her sides, then pointed a finger at Megan and turned to look at Pierce. With a sneer, she said, “Mr. Hughes, you don’t need to worry about me, but I must tell you. It won’t be easy for The Royal Wife to become a hit with this woman onboard your team!” 
After spitting out these harsh words, Jacinta swiveled on her heels to leave, but Megan would never let her off so easily. No matter what, she was going to announce the final results of the competition to her. 
Hence, she called out, “Ms. Twinkle, don’t you want to know the competition’s final results? This is a rare showdown between the two of us after all.”
Jacinta wasn’t the slightest bit inclined to know the results because she knew full well who the people seated here were going to choose. In spite of that, there was no way she would admit that fact out loud. Hence, she simply decided to leave to avoid hearing the results. 
“You violated the rules first. There’s no way I’ll acknowledge the results of this competition.” 
Megan studied her determined attitude and mentally scoffed. Wasn’t she oh-so eloquent earlier? Why does she look completely defeated now? 
With a disdainful sneer, she ignored Jacinta and turned to declare in a loud voice, “Regardless of whether or not Ms. Twinkle acknowledges it, the show must go on. Not to mention,” Turning back to Jacinta, she continued, “Except for you, no one else here has expressed their ion, so I think the results of this competition should be announced no matter what. What do you all think?” 
Judging from Jacinta’s reaction, everyone knew the reason she strongly refused to acknowledge the results. They also knew that Megan was borrowing their support to knock Jacinta down a peg or two. 
Some of them were reluctant to be brandished like a weapon by Megan, but with Pierce openly protecting her, they were aware that one wrong word from them could mean the end of their careers. 
Everyone lamented silently. It seemed like the two sisters were going to dominate half of the entertainment industry from then on. 
They were caught between a rock and a hard place, but they would rather get on Jacinta’s bad side than Pierce’s. Hence, everyone played along with Megan even though they felt aggrieved. 
Seeing everyone nodding their heads, a content smile formed on Megan’s lips and she said, “Alright, then. Let’s vote by a show of hands. Please raise your hand if you think Jacinta’s acting was good.”
Suddenly, the place plunged into pin-drop silence. Everyone exchanged glances, but no one felt that Jacinta’s acting skills were better than Megan’s. 
“Wow, no one?” Megan emphasized on purpose. 
With her back facing everyone, Jacinta’s face instantly turned ashen. 
The reason she hadn’t left yet was because she still harbored a sliver of hope. If the difference was only a couple of votes, she could still stand tall before Megan and admonish her for disrespecting a senior in the entertainment industry. After all, it was a man she portrayed. Hence, it was a trickier character to play. 
However, no one in the audience raised their hands to vote for her. In a state of complete disbelief, Jacinta whirled around to glare at everyone. The resentment in her eyes could almost burn a hole through them. 
Everyone was so startled by her gaze that they looked down and nursed their respective drinks, not daring to meet her eyes at all. 
Those present were all famous actors. Although it was almost the end of Jacinta’s golden era, her popularity back then was very high, and she was even considered a big hit at that time. Thus, they couldn’t afford to offend her.
###Chapter 3370
Chapter 3370 Another Promise 
“I see what this is. You’re all helping Megan, aren’t you? When I get out of here, I’ll make every one of you pay for this!” 
Jacinta did not want to know how many votes Megan had. Anger had already taken over her entire body, causing her heartbeat to increase with it. Right then, she felt like she was going to explode at any second. 
She’s nothing but a country bumpkin. How dare she act so arrogant in front of me? She even incited everyone else to boycott me? She’s such a despicable b*tch! B*tch! 
As Pierce surveyed Jacinta’s contorted features from the side, his impression of her took a complete nosedive. Who does she think she is to say something like that on my territory? 
She’s openly challenging me by acting this way. 
He cleared his throat unhappily and spoke in an icy tone. “Jacinta, instead of threatening others, you’re better off reflecting on yourself. Besides, how dare you talk big while I’m sitting right here? You must be too used to throwing your weight around, huh?” 
“I…” Jacinta fumbled for words after being lambasted by Pierce. In the end, she swallowed back the words at the tip of her tongue, then abruptly shot a withering stare at Megan. 
It looks like I won’t be getting my revenge here today. This old fool, Pierce Hughes, is protecting Megan while subduing me at every turn! 
But it doesn’t really matter. I only have to bear with this for a few more days. This b*tch better not get caught by me because I won’t let her off the hook that easily!
Without saying another word, Jacinta gritted her teeth bitterly and signaled for the boss to open the door. Then, she stomped away and left the premises. 
With the source of the problem gone, everyone breathed a sigh of relief. When Megan and Pierce locked gazes, they were surprised to see the same exasperated look in each other’s eyes. 
“It seems like you’re very experienced in dealing with people like her.” Pierce took a sip of his drink as his eyes flickered with interest. At that moment, he began to see Megan in a different light. Be it as a person or an actress, he found her to be very similar to the old acquaintance he held dear in his heart. 
Megan laughed awkwardly at being praised for having experience in something like this. Fiddling with her hair, she replied, “I’m not gonna lie. I really am experienced in this. The feud between Jacinta and I runs too deep.” 
Not wanting to hide anything, Megan answered frankly. Releasing a soft chuckle, Pierce shook his head and stood up to pat Megan on her shoulder. “It’s a good thing to be young and energetic. You can eat whatever you like and fight with whoever you want. Anyway, I’ll help you keep an eye out for a role in The Royal Wife. I’ll get going now. You don’t need to send me off.” 
What Pierce said left Megan standing rooted to the spot with disbelief sprawled across her face. She blinked several times and was about to say something, but realized that Pierce had already walked away. 
She shuffled two steps forward, but Pierce’s back profile displayed a strong sense of dismissal. Hence, she had to force herself to stop in her tracks. 
She still couldn’t figure out what she had done to earn yet another promise from him. From what she could see, she had merely picked a fight out of boredom.
Unable to figure out the renowned director’s angle, Megan gave up trying altogether. She hailed a taxi and hurried back to Jake’s apartment with questions still plaguing her mind. 
As soon as she opened the door, an unusual smell invaded her senses. Just when she peered inside, the lights in the living room abruptly came on, chasing away the darkness and revealing Jake’s stony face. 
“Where have you been?” 
His frigid tone left Megan slightly perplexed. The man in front of her was brightly illuminated by the lights, but his dark and frightening aura seemed oddly impenetrable. 
Did I do something to upset him? 
Megan averted her gaze to shut the door behind her, then timidly walked toward him. “I ran into Mr. Hughes on the way, so we had a meal together. Why are you wearing so little? Your fever hasn’t even gone down completely.” 
Hearing this, Jake’s gaze softened a fraction. He curled an arm around Megan’s shoulders and lifted her chin with his other hand. 
In a slightly accusatory tone, he said, “Why did you eat for so long? You didn’t forget about me, did you? I came back to wait for you right after my meeting, you know?”
###Chapter 3371
Chapter 3371 More Trouble Than It Is Worth 
Megan let out an awkward laugh and tried hard to conceal her embarrassment. She couldn’t very well admit that she had entirely forgotten about him. 
“No, no. Of course, I didn’t forget about you. If it wasn’t because something cropped up midway, I would’ve been home a long time ago.” 
Megan knew she couldn’t tell him that he didn’t once cross her mind. Hence, she shook her head profusely, not daring to give him any reason to doubt her. 
Jake dipped his head and easily caught sight of the guilt peeking from her eyes. Raising his brows, he inched his face closer to hers and retorted, “I bet you didn’t think of me at all, did you? Lie better next time. Forget it. Tell me, what happened on your end?” 
Tightening his arms around Megan, Jake did not see the need to dwell on trivial matters. Since she said something happened, this was what he should focus on asking instead. 
Megan wasn’t planning to tell him about this at first, but since he asked, refusing to share it with him would only arouse his suspicion. With a soft sigh, she began recounting everything from start to end. 
By the time Megan was done, Jake’s expression had already darkened a few shades. That woman clearly knows that I’m on Megan’s side, but she still had the guts to behave so impudently. 
Do the artists under Starling Media think I’m a pushover? 
“Hey, don’t get angry because of something like this, okay? You haven’t fully recovered from your cold yet.” Megan couldn’t help but worry when he pursed his lips in silence. Looking up at his pensive eyes, she was afraid that he would make things difficult for Jacinta because of this incident.
She wasn’t trying to protect Jacinta, but she felt that it was unwise to blow things out of proportion. With Jacinta’s wide network, making a move against her would lead to an aftermath that was more trouble than it was worth. 
After all, Jacinta did not threaten her in any way yet. Hence, she would only whip out Jake as her trump card when she really had no choice. 
“Aren’t you bothered by it at all?” Jake glanced at Megan from the corner of his eye with a hint of frustration lining his features. 
Megan pressed her lips together and shrugged. “The fight’s over between us. Why should I be bothered? Leave this matter alone for now, okay? It’s not like she can do anything anyway.” 
Wanting to steer the topic way, Megan’s gaze shifted to the study materials on the dining table. It was then she remembered that this was his gift to her earlier that day. 
In an instant, she was overwhelmed with a maelstrom of emotions. Back then, she was forced to drop out of school. At present, she could finally realize her dream of entering college, and these books were the first step. 
“What’s on your mind? You look distracted.” 
Jake had noticed the absent-minded look on her face, as though she was thinking about something else. At the sound of his voice, Megan returned to her senses and blinked at him. 
She responded with a dainty chuckle and replied, “It’s nothing important. I was just thinking that I’m going to enter campus again as a student. I hope I can get what I want this time.” 
Megan raised her head a fraction. Her eyes glimmered softly, and her delicate features glowed under the lights. The smile playing on her lips seemed to enhance all of this, making her shine like a star.
Although the woman in front of him wasn’t drop-dead gorgeous, she gave off a pure vibe at first glance. Not to mention, her mysterious and unpredictable presence was like a magnet attracting him to her. 
Jake’s eyes darkened further. Hugging Megan tight against his chest, he teased her earlobe with the tip of his tongue, causing a tingling sensation to spread all over Megan’s body. 
Megan was caught off guard by his abrupt gesture and made an involuntary noise at the back of her throat. 
Blushing furiously, she bit on her bottom lip and held onto his shoulders with both hands. 
When his warm breath tickled her ear, a sense of unease washed over her. She bit down harder on her lip, trying to ignore the unusual feeling. Then, she blurted out in a very unromantic manner, “Hey, what are you doing? Have you eaten?”
###Chapter 3372
Chapter 3372 Foreign Territory 
Her words resembled water dousing out the fire, causing Jake to pause his actions. Arching an eyebrow at her, he finally released her shoulders. 
“You seem to have a flair for ruining the mood.” Jake gazed at her calmly, but the lust in his eyes was still apparent and did not seem to be going away any time soon. 
Megan’s heart skipped a beat and she looked away. She felt like no matter how many times they got intimate, she couldn’t seem to get used to Jake’s touch. 
The feeling of blushing as her heart raced, coupled with the sudden rise in body temperature was simply too overwhelming for her. 
Drawing in a deep breath, Megan scurried toward the dining table and hugged the books to her chest, as if using them as a shield. 
“Mm, I should go do my revision now. Why don’t you go out and grab something to eat in the meantime?” 
Jake could tell that Megan was avoiding him and chuckled with a hint of amusement gleaming in his eyes. The more she tried to escape, the stronger his primal instinct was to conquer her in her vulnerable state. 
“It’s already so late. Your brain won’t be able to absorb anything. I don’t feel like going out to eat. Cook something for me.” Jake suppressed the carnal desire in him and leveled his gaze with hers, seemingly back to normal. 
With the books still in her arms, Megan hesitated for a moment. Only until he led her into the kitchen did she partially believe that he had given up on his dirty thoughts.
“You cook. I’ll watch.” 
Jake stood just outside the kitchen and didn’t take a step further. Instead, he leaned against the wall and trained his gaze on Megan inside the kitchen, admiring her graceful profile which made her look too perfect to be real. 
Megan felt miserable about being forced into the kitchen. She often cooked back in the countryside, but the problem lay in the fact that her food was very ordinary. 
Back then, seeing as her dear mother and sister never complained, she made do with whatever recipes she knew. After all, she didn’t see the need to cook delicious food for that mother and daughter pair. 
Heaving a sigh, Megan handed the books in her hands to him. Then, she went into the kitchen and opened the refrigerator to see what ingredients were available. 
Imagine her exasperation when she saw a few packets of instant noodles, some green onions, and a few miserable eggs. 
“Wow. Your house literally doesn’t have any ingredients.” Megan scanned the empty refrigerator with a shake of her head. Before she could even turn around to chastise him further, she felt a warm chest against her back. The next second, a muscled arm reached out to rest on the side of the refrigerator. 
“Seems like it.” 
Jake’s deep voice jolted Megan out of her stupor. Blinking rapidly, her entire body stiffened. 
Although the two of them were staying under the same roof, the days they were actually together could be counted with both hands. Hence, such intimacy was still foreign territory to her. 
With her mind in shambles, Megan hastily grabbed the remaining ingredients from the refrigerator and tried to squirm out of the cage he had formed around her.
Jake had no intention to stop her either, lowering his arm to let her pass. He was merely teasing his prey at that moment, and he was greatly intrigued by her bashful reaction. 
The two of them had obviously hit home run, but she was still so skittish around him. 
While holding a packet of instant noodles and an egg, Megan stood in front of the kitchen cabinet and took a deep breath. Then, she forced herself to ignore the feeling of Jake’s eyes boring into her back and quickly prepared the ingredients in a bowl. 
With the limited ingredients, she could only cook him a bowl of instant noodles with an added egg. 
“Ah, so that’s how you break an egg.” Jake suddenly appeared within her line of sight, and exclaimed in realization, his close proximity sending a shiver down Megan’s spine. 
At that moment, the water was boiling in a pot. She was too lazy to entertain him and only wanted to quickly dump the ingredients into the pot. However, Jake spun her toward him and smashed his lips against hers without warning. 
She yelped in surprise, but the sound was muffled by his kiss. 
What the hell? 
Megan wanted to struggle, but Jake locked her in place with his arms, then traced the seam of her lips with his tongue. In an instant, all sense of reason flew out the window.
###Chapter 3373
Chapter 3373 Carnal Urges 
The sound of the boiling water vaguely reached Megan’s ears. She felt as though she had become the noodles in the pot, being boiled until her whole body went soft, and that Jake was going to feast on her in the next second. 
Just when she felt her mind going hazy, Jake opened his eyes, his scorching gaze making her entire body burn feverish. 
“Mm…” 
Megan parted her lips slightly in response. Peering down the neckline of her white shirt, a half-smile formed on Jake’s lips. Then, he trailed his warm hands all over the smooth skin below the hem of her shirt. 
“Why? Aren’t you going to cook the noodles anymore?” 
Jake couldn’t stop himself from teasing Megan upon noticing the desire taking over her. His alluring eyes drank in every sexy little expression she made, and the lust in those amber orbs had accumulated to the point he felt delirious with it. 
“Don’t… talk.” Hooking her arms around his neck, Megan had given up thinking altogether. Only the sound of her own soft pants and the boiling water filled her ears. 
All of this made her flustered as the strong need to release something overpowered her senses. 
“Call my name, Megan. And I’ll give you what you want.” Jake’s bewitching voice sent a pleasant shiver down her spine. 
Megan felt her brain short circuit as her body fell prey under his relentless teasing.
“Jake.” She closed her eyes subconsciously. Every inch of her body was a slave to his command. 
“Wrong. Again,” he asserted and gently squeezed the most sensitive part of her body. 
Megan’s initial protest instantly died in her throat. Opening her eyes into slits, there seemed to be a trace of puzzlement in her unfocused gaze. 
“Jake?” she rasped out in a voice thick with desire. 
He seemed to be satisfied this time. As though a dam had burst in him, the carnal urges he had been suppressing all this time poured into every cell of his body like a torrent. 
His mind went back to the time she was drugged, and the way she writhed and moaned beneath him. 
The passion and irrationality from that time seemed to resurface all of a sudden. Jake chuckled deeply, his predatory aura enveloping Megan, who resembled a powerless prey waiting for him to pounce on. 
In the kitchen, the water had already come to a boil. The thick haze of lust blanketing both of them was made even more palpable by the sound of their light panting. 
Megan woke up the next day to an itch in her throat and began coughing violently. That was when she noticed that Jake was still beside her. 
Wait. I fell into his trap again yesterday. The soreness in her waist was indescribable. 
Cough, cough. 
As Megan sat on the edge of the bed, she realized that she seemed to be down with a cold. Recalling how vigorous he was the previous night, she began to suspect whether he was even sick in the first place. Could the flu medicine be that effective?
With a shake of her head, she got up and took some medicine for her cold. Upon noticing that Jake was still fast asleep, she stepped forward to checked his temperature with her hand, and found it to be normal. Finally feeling relieved, she let out a long sigh. 
“What’s wrong? Why are you breathing so loudly beside me?” 
Jake had abruptly woken up at some point. Right then, he only had one eye open and was staring at Megan with it, seemingly having no intention to get up. 
Seeing him awake, Megan’s eyes widened slightly. Embarrassed, she immediately wanted to leave, but his hand shot out to grab hers and he swiftly pulled her into his embrace again. 
“Where are you going? I haven’t slept enough yet. Stay with me in bed.” 
“I…” Megan initially wanted to argue, but his strong arms tightened around her, not giving her any chance to escape. In the end, she swallowed back the words at the tip of her tongue. 
Jake knew that her silence meant that she had compromised. He propped himself up slightly, the action exposing his bare torso. With a doting smile on his face, he gently pinched her cheek. 
“If I’m not mistaken, the variety show you accepted a while back should be filming the third season soon, right? Will you have enough time to prepare for The Royal Wife?” 
Megan did not expect him to bring up work-related matters out of the blue. Both of them had been together for so long, but they never talked about work in such a calm manner. 
Megan leaned against his chest and contemplated for a while before answering, “There won’t be much of a problem in regards to this. I’ll be going to Yorksland for filming this afternoon. The casting for The Royal Wife hasn’t been decided yet, and it’s too early to say what will happen.”
###Chapter 3374
Chapter 3374 Beyond His Reach 
“I see. Well, I don’t have any business trips during this period of time. I’ll accompany you for this season’s filming,” Jake said in a tentative voice whilst playing with her hair. 
His eyes flickered with uncertainty as he recalled the time Love In Progress was being filmed. He had merely taken the same flight as her but was already given a tight slap on his face by Megan. 
“Uhm…” Sure enough, Megan hesitated. 
She frowned in thought because she still didn’t want Jake to appear on the set. However, since Sky Entertainment was sponsoring this season, it wouldn’t be odd to see him there. 
“I think it’s better if you don’t go. Since you don’t have to travel anywhere for business, shouldn’t you stay home and have a good rest?” 
After much deliberation, Megan still felt that it was better than he did not go. Hence, she ended up refusing him. 
Hearing this, Jake’s fingers paused on her hair and his face grew taut. 
He couldn’t fathom why she would be so repulsed by the idea of him appearing next to her. If it was merely because of the reason she just gave him, she might as well have claimed that she saw a fish breathing on land. It was that ridiculous. 
Thinking of this, Jake let out a mirthless laugh. Then, he replied in an impassive voice, “If you don’t let me go, I’ll strap you to this bed today. You can count on it.” 
Megan was taken aback and her expression turned grim. She didn’t expect Jake to actually use the hard way on her. If he really did this, she would never stand a chance to overpower him.
What should I do? 
Jake is the kind who is only open to persuasion and not coercion. Perhaps I should put down my pride and try coaxing him? 
With that thought in mind, Megan turned in Jake’s arms and gave him her best puppy face. “Don’t put me in a tough spot, okay? I’m only going there for filming. I’ll be back very soon. You really don’t need to follow me there.” 
Hearing what Megan said, Jake’s anger burned even brighter. I’m only going to show up on set. How’s that putting her in a tough spot? 
His face immediately grew cold, and determination gleamed in his eyes. It was evident that there was no changing his mind. 
“It’s useless no matter what you say. As I’ve said earlier, if you don’t let me go, you’ll be strapped to this bed today. 
His reply stunned Megan. When she came back to her senses, she signed inwardly. 
She knew that if she continued going head-to-head with him, it would only lead to a severe argument. Thus, the best solution was for the two of them to stop talking and take some time to calm down. 
Megan lay on the bed and clamped her mouth shut. Fiddling with her own fingers as her mind continued to race, she gradually drifted off the sleep again. 
When she woke up again, Jake was no longer beside her. Megan widened her eyes in surprise. Thinking that this was the perfect opportunity to escape, she jumped out of bed and tugged on her clothes in record time, then hurriedly swinging the door open to leave.
However, right when she was about to walk out, a sturdy figure appeared at the door with two suitcases in his hands. 
“You…” 
It was none other than Jake. Seeing as he was all dressed up, Megan knew that there was no chance of escaping unnoticed or getting rid of him anymore. 
If I knew this was going to happen, I never would’ve told him about my trip. 
Alas, there was no use crying over spilled milk. Megan heaved a sigh, but remained silent otherwise, which was tantamount to acquiescing to his behavior. 
Jake felt slightly smug upon seeing this. No matter how stubborn a donkey was, there would still be a day when it was taught well. Not to mention, Megan was a smart woman who knew when she was beaten. 
He opened the door and flashed a smile at her. “Let’s go. It’s eleven already. We have barely enough time to get there.” 
“Mm, let’s go.” 
Both of them left for the airport together. Upon arriving, they met up with the Love In Progress team. When everyone saw Megan and Jake appearing together, they displayed varying degrees of surprise on their faces. 
Among them, only a small number of people who participated in the second season weren’t surprised, including Jonas.
He glanced at them and nodded politely before quietly stepping aside. To him, Megan was currently someone beyond his reach.
###Chapter 3375
Chapter 3375 A Bystander 
“I didn’t expect to see you here, Mr. Wilson.” The director stepped forward to greet Jake, visibly tensed. 
He didn’t participate in the shooting of the second season. When he heard from the photographer and producer that Megan had appeared with Jake, he regretted letting her participate in the show. 
He was afraid of upsetting Jake in any way. Originally, he planned to discontinue the show after season two, but the ratings for the second season far exceeded the first season’s. Not to mention, it had also caused a minor uproar on the internet. 
He was currently caught between a hammer and an anvil. On the one hand, he was requested by the investors to continue shooting, and on the other, he was afraid that Jake would have leverage over him and affect his career. Hence, he became anxious the moment he saw the man. 
“Don’t mind me. I’m only here to check things out as an investor,” Jake stood beside Megan and stated in a grandiose manner, but none of the people present believed a single word he just uttered. 
Despite that, they didn’t dare to openly show it, smiling and nodding in response before boarding the plane together. 
A few hours later, everyone finally arrived in Yorksland. Megan did not speak throughout the entire flight as she felt groggy and uncomfortable due to her cold. 
Oddly, Jake, who was the source of infection, looked completely fine. He was only weak for one day and returned to being as strong as an ox after that. 
Upon exiting the airport gates, there was a bus waiting for everyone. After several more hours, they finally arrived at the final shooting location – a wooden-structured homestay in the suburbs.
The sky was already pitch-dark by then. Stars were scattered across the sky, while a thin veil of clouds seemed to be caressing the moon’s silvery, pale surface. 
After settling down in her room, Megan realized that it was already quite late. Sleep called to her, but she knew that it would be impossible to fall asleep on an empty stomach. 
Suddenly, her sensitive nose picked up a mouth-watering aroma. Something delicious seemed to be cooking in the open space outside the homestay. 
She opened her door to check it out but came face to face with Jonas who looked like he was about to knock on her door instead. 
After not seeing each other for so long, an invisible barrier seemed to have formed between them. Megan smiled stiffly and wore a guarded expression. “What is it? Is something wrong?” 
Bitterness crept into Jonas’ heart, but he was reluctant to look away from her because he rarely had the chance to look her straight in the eyes. 
He recollected his thoughts and stared at her, trying his best to maintain a calm front. “Mm. The director and the others are having a barbeque downstairs. They told me to call you and Jake.” 
“Ah, I see.” Megan smiled and mentally heaved a sigh of relief. “I got it. I’ll go get him. You can head down first.” 
She had already noticed the change in Jonas through their brief conversation. He was no longer the carefree and cheerful young man from before. Instead, his every smile was to hide the pain he was feeling. 
Megan knew the reason for the drastic change in him but had to pretend otherwise. Averting her gaze, she was about to skirt around him and look for Jake.
Jonas was overwhelmed with the urge to stop her, just so that he could talk to her for a bit longer. However, he had lost the right to do so. He was merely an ordinary friend to her, and a bystander to her relationship with Jake. 
In spite of that, there was something he needed to give her. 
“Megan, I have something to give you.” 
Megan, who had almost reached the staircase, stopped in her tracks and turned around in confusion, wondering what exactly Jonas wanted to give her. 
“What is it?” 
Megan was perplexed. Watching Jonas walk along the corridor under the faint yellow lights, she realized that she hadn’t taken a proper look at him in a long time. Only with the lights illuminating him from head to toe did she notice that he had lost quite a lot of weight. 
“This.” 
Jonas took out an envelope from his pocket and handed it to Megan with eyes that seemed to dazzle like a pair of unique gemstones. 
Looking at the envelope in his hand, Megan did not know whether to accept it or not. After a moment of hesitation, she still decided to take it. 
“What’s inside?” 
The envelope was very thin, and there didn’t seem to be anything inside. Only when Megan held it up to the light did she discern something like a piece of paper inside.
###Chapter 3376
Chapter 3376 Heartless 
Don’t tell me it’s a love letter? 
Megan was slightly dumbfounded but quickly shook off that thought with a soft chuckle. She doubted Jonas was such a childish person. 
Jonas was slightly puzzled to see her laughing under her breath, but instead of asking why, he explained with an expectant look on his face, “Your birthday is just around the corner, so I’m giving you your gift I prepared in advance.” 
Hearing this, Megan blinked in surprised. Birthday? 
Come to think of it, her birthday was indeed approaching. Megan frowned slightly, confused as to how he knew about this. 
“H-How did you know?” 
Jonas did not expect her to ask him this. His mouth tightened slightly and he shifted his gaze away for a split second before looking back at her again. “As your friend, it’s not that strange to ask around about stuff like this. I hope you don’t mind.” 
Hope I don’t mind, huh? 
Megan squeezed the envelope in her hand. Steeling her resolve, she lifted her head and handed it back to him. With a stoic and resolute expression, she said, “Since it’s a birthday present, I think it’s better that you give it to me on my birthday or people might get the wrong idea. Things would be very troublesome then.”
Why would things be troublesome? In what way? Jonas did not voice these questions, but his face turned grim and the disappointment in his eyes couldn’t be concealed. 
Of course, Megan knew that her actions would hurt him, but all of this was unnecessary, and she did not like it one bit. Not to mention, she had never liked Jonas that way. 
“You… really are heartless.” Jonas felt his emotions spiraling out of . He took the envelope from her hand and stared at it in silence for a long time before tearing it open. 
Under Megan’s gaze, he slipped out a paper from the envelope and unfolded it in front of her to reveal the two words “big idiot” written on it. 
Megan’s eyes widened in befuddlement, obviously clueless as to what was going on. 
“This is?” 
There was a hint of helplessness in Jonas’ eyes, and the bitter curve on his lips couldn’t seem to be erased. Gazing at a surprised Megan, he forced himself to say, “I actually lost a game and they wanted me to give this to you. It’s just a prank. Everything I said earlier is fake. Don’t take it seriously.” 
Hearing this, Megan’s chest tightened, and the surprise in her eyes morphed into guilt. She suddenly understood why Jonas called her heartless earlier. 
The shooting for this season’s Love In Progress was very smooth. Her interaction with Jonas was neither awkward nor distant. Thus, she assumed that he had let go of his obsession with her. It’s better this way. Jonas can start a new life. 
Soon, Jonas planned to leave for A Nation as there was a director there who greatly valued his acting skills and invited him over to participate in the extremely challenging shooting of a wild escape, which coincidently had a Chanaean character. After all the ups and downs Jonas experienced, he thought
that it was a good idea to leave the country for a change. Hence, after negotiating on the terms, he finished up all his work within the country and took this opportunity to give himself a chance to explore the world beyond. This way, he probably wouldn’t come in contact with Megan for quite some time. 
Before long, Jonas went abroad without bidding Megan goodbye. 
Megan only learned about his departure from the entertainment news section. 
With Jake’s protection, Megan’s days in the entertainment industry were smooth-sailing and peaceful, and the two of them lived as a lovey-dovey couple. 
Their days were without incident, but one morning, Megan constantly felt sick to her stomach when she was brushing her teeth. 
She thought that it was the recent unpredictable weather that was causing her to feel discomfort in her stomach. Without any parents to take care of her, she lived a tough life when she was younger. She frequently skipped meals and ate at irregular hours, causing her to have gastric issues. 
Thus, Megan did not think much about it. 
“What’s wrong?” Jake asked with concern after being roused from his sleep by the sound of Megan throwing up in the bathroom. 
“It’s probably nothing. I’ve been like this since I was small. I’ll be better after having some breakfast. You should wash up and come downstairs for breakfast too.” Megan made light of the situation. 
Hearing this, Jake didn’t probe any further either.
###Chapter 3377
Chapter 3377 Having A Baby 
Megan went downstairs first and rubbed her belly, feeling slightly hungry. 
But as soon as she neared the dining table and saw the breakfast spread out on it, another wave of nausea washed over her and she dashed to the bathroom to retch violently. 
Right then, Jake came downstairs after washing up. When he didn’t see Megan but heard the sound of someone retching, he immediately strode toward the bathroom, only to see Megan sprawled over the sink with a sickly complexion. 
“What’s going on? Let me take a look at you,” Jake asked with panic evident in his tone. 
“I-” Before Megan could answer, she started dry-heaving again. 
Without another word, Jake picked her up and rushed to the hospital. Seeing as Megan kept retching along the way, Jake left the car windows open so that she could ease her discomfort by breathing in some fresh air. 
As soon as they arrived at the hospital, he arranged for the director himself to examine her. 
Meanwhile, he waited anxiously by the side. Clasping Megan’s hand in both of his, he silently offered her a sense of security. 
Jake’s frantic and nervous gestures tugged on Megan’s heartstrings. Since young, no one had cared about whether she lived or died. She never knew what it felt like to be treasured like this. She never expected to meet Jake and be taken care of so well after her rebirth. The thought of it caused her to suddenly giggle out loud. 
“How can you still be in the mood to laugh? Lie down properly,” Jake ordered.
After the doctor finished conducting a series of examinations, he merely looked at Jake without saying a word. 
A moment later, he cleared his throat and said, “There’s nothing wrong with this lady, but…” He wasn’t certain about the relationship between Jake and Megan, so of course, he hesitated to disclose the diagnosis results. 
“Doctor, you’re free to speak. We’re a couple. Regardless of the results, we can bear the consequences,” Jake stated firmly and squeezed Megan’s hand. 
Megan was also slightly nervous when she noticed the doctor’s hesitation, but the warmth from Jake’s palm made her feel very safe. 
“Mr. Wilson, this lady is actually completely fine. She’s merely experiencing some mild stress, so she needs to relax and get more rest every day. And actually, she’s pregnant,” the doctor said bluntly. 
“What?” Both Jake and Megan blurted out in surprise at the same time, unable to wrap their minds around this information. 
“Doctor, could you be mistaken?” Megan questioned immediately. 
“Miss, based on my experience, that’s not very likely. The report will be out in a bit and you can further verify it then. I have other patients to tend to, so I’ll be taking my leave now.” With that, the doctor left. 
Megan was dumbstruck. How can I possibly be pregnant? Then, doesn’t that mean this child belongs to… 
Megan didn’t dare to look at Jake or think any further. Would Jake accept this child? Will my child be born without a father? Megan’s heart instantly sank to the pit of her stomach at that possibility.
The changes flitting across Megan’s face did not go unnoticed by Jake, and he immediately understood what was on her mind. He cupped Megan’s face and leveled their gazes. 
“What are you afraid of? Do I look like an irresponsible person to you?” Jake was obviously a little bit angry. 
Before Jake could continue speaking, Megan lowered her head timidly. She was just too afraid to believe that she was pregnant, regardless of what kind of person Jake was. 
“This is our child. No matter what happens, I’ll always protect you and this child,” Jake declared in a solemn and resolute tone. 
Megan fell into deep thought. She was too scared to imagine the consequences if Jake were to find out that she had lied to him about her true identity. If it were in the past, she wouldn’t be the least bit afraid. After all, she was a lone wolf. The worst that could happen was losing her life. However, everything was different now. Once she had a weak spot, nothing would be the same. For the sake of this child, she couldn’t afford to act recklessly. 
“This is Megan Rockford’s test report.” Whilst Megan was still lost in her thoughts, the head nurse came to deliver her report, clearing all of the previous doubts. 
Megan looked at the report and was at a loss. 
Seeing the dazed expression, Jake took the report from her hands. “This is great news. We’re having a baby,” he said while looking at Megan with a steady gaze.
###Chapter 3378
Chapter 3378 Moving Away 
“Megan, no matter what happens, know that I’ll always be here. You don’t have to worry about anything else. Right now, you and the child are the most important.” 
With that, Jake gently kissed Megan on her forehead. His reassurance was exactly what Megan needed to soothe her nerves. She felt her body immediately relax as she leaned into his embrace. 
I suppose I’ll leave everything to fate. No matter what the future brings, at least I’ll always have Jake’s words and this moment to fall back on. 
Just then, the nurse walked in. “Ms. Rockford, it’s normal to experience side effects during pregnancy, although the severity of them does vary from person to person. To be safe, we’ll be giving you a full checkup. Please have your husband come along.” 
Megan was stunned when the nurse called Jake her husband. Jake, however, didn’t seem to mind at all as he grinned from ear to ear. 
“Alright, darling. Let’s go for the checkup. I’ll carry you there,” Jake said. 
Naturally, Megan happily went along with it. 
The checkup went well, and the doctor saw no need to keep Megan in the hospital. All he asked was for her to have ample rest, good nutrition, and to stay happy. Jake and Megan could finally heave a sigh of relief as they left the hospital for home. 
Once home, Jake immediately ordered his staff to baby-proof the entire house. He had dangerous decorations stashed away, furniture corners covered up and even carpeted all the floors. Seeing him put in so much effort for her and the baby, put Megan at ease.
She knew it was time to let go of her grudges and plans for revenge, along with Mia and Herman. She didn’t want to bring a child into this world while harboring hatred and resentment in her heart. Children needed a safe and warm environment to grow up in, and she was determined to shower her child with love. Nothing was more important than giving her child a happy and healthy childhood. 
Besides, if she continued to hold on to that hatred, she would never be able to find joy. 
After getting the house in order, Jake went on to have a nutritious meal made just for Megan. He led her to the dining table and prepared to feed her. 
“Oh gosh, you don’t have to feed me. I’m sure I can eat on my own,” Megan said in mock annoyance. 
“But I want to take care of you. With me here, I promise you’ll only get the best,” Jake replied sweetly. 
“I’ve also asked the lawyer to handle all your current work contracts. I don’t want you to worry about work for the time being. Your only job now is to rest, and let me handle everything else.” 
Megan broke into a smile. “Alright, I’ll do as you say.” 
However, no matter how hard she tried to shake it off, there was still a nagging feeling that Herman might be up to no good. Even though she wouldn’t be going back to work for the time being, there was no guarantee that Herman would stop harassing her. As such, Megan decided to make a request. 
“Jake, let’s leave this place. It’s inconvenient for me to head out when there are so many people here who know me. I can’t possibly stay home all day long either. So, shall we go somewhere where nobody knows us?” Megan had thought long and hard, and this was the only way to kill two birds with one stone. Being in a foreign place would give her the freedom to head out whenever she wanted. She also wouldn’t have to constantly watch her back for people who were out to harm her, like Mia and Herman.
To her surprise, Jake agreed without any hesitation. “Sure! I happen to have properties and business dealings in Spaunia anyway. Besides, Spaunia has one of the best social welfare and healthcare systems. It’d be perfect for us to move there.” 
With Jake showing the utmost care and concern toward her and the baby, Megan felt like the luckiest and happiest woman in the world. 
Thankfully, Megan had been given the all-clear for long-distance air travel since her pregnancy was healthy. Before long, Jake had made all the necessary preparations and moved to Spaunia with her in tow.
###Chapter 3379
Chapter 3379 Happily Ever After 
Moving to Spaunia had been one of the best decisions Jake ever made. His domestic business was already well-established and developing steadily. But now, he could use this opportunity to focus on his business in Spaunia and gradually expand it into the international market. He was confident that with his capabilities, his career would reach even greater heights. 
When they arrived in Spaunia, Jake had made all the arrangements for Megan, and it was only then when she realized just how many properties he had. She was once again blown away by his abilities as she gazed intently at him. 
“What’s up? Why are you looking at me like that?” Jake chuckled while playing with her hair. 
“Nothing. I just wanted to take a good look at you.” 
After breakfast, Jake took Megan out for a stroll. 
“How are you feeling today, Megan? I was thinking of driving you around to check out the sights in Spaunia. You’ve been spending most of your time in and around the house, so let’s go out for a change today.” 
With Jake working so much, Megan usually spent her time alone at home listening to music or pottering about the garden. If she did head out, it would either be for prenatal care checkups or antenatal classes. Now that she thought about it, her days did seem boring, and she was ready for a change. 
“Sure, let’s go! Thank you, Jake.” 
Jake smiled and kissed Megan on her cheek. Life with Megan was peaceful and happy, and it was everything he had always wanted. To him, this family was perfect.
As Jake drove toward the countryside, Megan happily took in the beautiful sights and fresh air. 
“Thank you for coming to us,” Megan whispered at her baby bump while gently caressing it. It was amazing how life could always bring joy and wash the pain away. 
After a while, Megan felt herself gradually getting sleepier. Jake saw her nodding off but continued to drive until he came to a grand, beautiful church. He parked right in front and waited patiently for Megan to wake up. 
He had all the patience in the world because he had already gotten everything ready. 
He was the prince, and Megan was his princess. Since the prince had promised his princess a castle of love, he would do everything in his power to fulfill that. 
Jake gazed longingly at Megan, only to see her slightly frowning in her sleep. He gently cupped her face and silently vowed that he would never, ever let his loved one frown again. 
Megan felt the warmth from his touch and stirred from her sleep. When her eyes opened, all she saw was Jake smiling back at her. Before she could say anything, he had brought his lips to hers. The kiss was gentle but quickly got hot and heavy. Just when Megan thought they might lose right there and then, Jake stopped. 
“Let’s get out for a walk,” Jake said. If they stayed in the car any longer, he knew he wouldn’t be able to himself. 
With that, the two of them slowly walked toward the church. 
“This church is gorgeous! It looks like it’s straight out of a fairy tale!” Megan exclaimed. 
“Do you like it?”
“I love it! Thank you for bringing me here,” she replied happily while increasing her pace, excited to head inside for a look. 
As she got closer to the church, she heard music coming out from it. Curious, she opened the doors and stepped in. 
The sight that greeted Megan stopped her in her tracks. Was someone going to propose in the church? 
The entire church had been decorated with crystals and flowers. There was even a mini carousel and many adorable flower girls and page boys. 
In that instant, Megan felt like a fairy who had just stepped into a magical garden. The only thing that was missing from the picture was the main character. 
As Megan made her way to the center of the church, the music suddenly stopped. 
“Megan, meeting you was the best thing that has ever happened to me. I hope you’ll give me the chance to spend the rest of my life with you. No matter what happens in the future, I promise to protect and love you. Will you give me this chance?” 
Jake’s voice reverberated around the church, but Megan couldn’t see him anywhere. She was even more bewildered when petals started falling from the ceiling. It was only when all the petals had landed did Jake appear in front of her. 
He was down on one knee with a ring in his hand and waiting for her reply. 
Megan had been so moved by the whole setup and Jake’s words that she had tears of happiness streaming down her face. 
She offered her hand while nodding, and Jake slipped the ring onto her finger.
Jake and Megan were both giddy with joy as they embraced each other and kissed passionately. 
Immediately, the church erupted in cheers and applause. It had been a long time coming, but they finally got their fairy-tale ending. 
The End
The Novel will be updated first on this website. Come back and continue reading tomorrow, everyone!

